SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY^ OCTOBER 8, i?O3.
PRICE FIVE GENTS.
BERLIN, Oct. 7.— The trial of Andreas
Dippold. a private tutor, who tied Heinz
Koch, the 14-year-old 5on of Director
Koch cf the Deutsch Dank, to a bed and
whipped him to death, began to-day.
Heinz, with a younger brother, who was
also fearfully punished, lived with the
tutor ixi a secluded house. A medical
board has decided that Dippold Is sane.
He ailegrs that he whipped the boys on
? b« authority of their parents.
TUTOR WHO FLOGGED BOY
TO DEATH IS ON TRIAL
BELGRADE, . Servia, Oct. 7. — King
Peter opened the Skupshtina to-day. In
the speech from the throne. King Peter,
referring to Macedonia, said he hoped
the reforms would be carried out and
iieace be preserved.
PARIS, Oct. 7.— Le Rappel publishes,
under reserve, a dispatch which states
that King Peter of Servia is confined in
a Belgrade fortress by the officers who
were guilty of the assassination of King
Alexander and Queen Draga, and that he
conducts affairs of state from his
prison, under pressure of the conspirators.
Paris Journal Publishes Remarkable
Dispatch Concerning Servians
Ruler.
DECLARES KING PETER
IS HELD A PRISONER
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 7.— Chris Evans,
the notorious bandit, declares that in
killing people and holding up the trains
of the Southern Pacific he was guilty of
errors of the head rather than the heart.
In applying to Governor Pardee to-day
for recommendation for a parole Evans
advanced this claim, adding that he had
been confined in Folsom prison for nine
years now; that he has been an exemplary
prisoner, and is in bad health. The Gov
ernor received the letter while preparing
to go to Chico to attend a meeting of the
Normal School Trustees, and took no ac
tion upon it. Evans further represented
in the letter to the Governor that he had
a letter from the Fresno Judge who sent
him to prison for life favoring his appli
cation for parole; another from the Dis
trict Attorney who prosecuted him. Evans
further claims that a majority of the
Jurors who convicted him also expressed
themselves willing that he should be lib
erated on promise of good behavior.
Evans artlessly informed the Governor
that he did not pretend to be an innocent
man, admitting that if innocent he would
not be languishing behind prison bars.
He added that he sympathized. with the
victims of corporate injustice and felt
that his mistakes were those of the head
raher than of heart.
The charge upon which Evans is con
fined In the penitentiary is murder. The
Governor has no power to grant a parole,
but Evans desires him to say a v good. word
to the prison directors ' in his behalf.
Notorious Bandit and Train Robber
Is Weary of Life in Folsom
Penitentiary.
CHRIS EVANS PETITIONS
FOB RELEASE ON PAROLE
,In seizing the Victoria, the vessel on
which Herman and Johnson made their
escape, they made use of the constabu
lary, ordering them to take the vessel.
Herman and Johnson also ordered a num
ber of constabulary to accompany them
in their flight, for the purpose, it Is sug
gested, of forcing native steamers to sup
ply them with coal.
MANILA, Oct. 8.— Nothing further has
yet been heard of George Herman, chief
Inspector, and C. J. Johnson, constabu
lary officer, both of whom were stationed
at Misamis. MIndinao, and who took $600,
seized a steamer and started in the direc
tion of Borneo. It is now thought 'that
instead of going to Borneo they are either
making for the Chinese coast or the
Dutch settlements. The coast of Borneo
is patrolled by British and American
Bteamers.
Herman and Johnson, Who Seized a
Steamer, May Be Headed for^
Chinese Coast.
CLOSE WATCH IS KEPT
FOB. FUGITIVE OFFICEES
Politicians will advise you to vote for
the Issuance of the deary-street bonds.
Would yon seek the advice of a politi
cian in a private business deal In which
his interests were opposed to yours? It
not, vote against the Geary-street job
to-day.
The big crowd was loud in its denunci
ation of the killing. Officer Martz, who
was killed, had lived in the city for
twenty-five years and had served many
years as a .patrolman.
Dr. Rice 'Is one of the oldest and most
prominent physicians In the city. He is
the founder of the Falrmount Hospital
in Falrmount Park, which was formerly
known as the Rice Sanitarium.
The tragedy occurred at S:30 o'clock,
after the frenzied physician had driven
every one from the store by flourishing
hrs revolver and threatening to kill any
one who came within range. Policeman
Slater shortly afterward accidentally
shot himself through the pelvis while at
tempting to effect an entrance into the
store. The wounded officer is in the hos
pital, and will probably die.
It was not until 10 o'clock that the
doctor was captured. Meanwhile he had
been holding an enormous crowd at bay
In front of the drug store. Finally an
entrance to the rear of the drug store
was effected through the cellar, and the
doctor was overpowered before he could
offer resistance. He was taken to the
county Jail by«a circuitous route, for fear
that some attempt at violence might be
made. .
PUEBLO. Colo., Oct. 7.— While crazed
from the influence of liquor that he had
been drinking for several days, Dr. C. O.
Rice, one of the most prominent physi
cians in the city, to-night shot and al
most Instantly killed Policeman Martz.
while the iatter was trying to arrest him
in a drug store.
Leading Physician
Terrorizes
Pueblo.
The latest reports state that some
60.000 Macedonian fugitives are threatened
with famine on the approach of winter.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Oct. ".—Since the
arrival of M. Natchovicz, the Bulgarian
diplomatic agent here, there is evidence
of a relaxation of the strained relations
with Bulgaria. Immediately after M.
Natchovicz arrived he had a long inter
view with the Sultan's secretary, who
repeatedly consulted with Abdul Hamid
in the course of the Interview. The
opinion prevails here that imminent dan
ger cf a Turko-Bulgarian conflict has
been averted.
SOFIA, Oct. 7.— A large band of insur
gents has been defeated by the Turks
near Godlevo. The losses on both sides
are reported to have been heavy.
Premier Petroff, with a view of avoid
ing the dangers of a rupture, has pro
posed to the Ottoman commissioner here
that troops on both sides of the frontier
should be withdrawn to a certain distance
agreed upon by both Governments, and
he has further offered to disband one
battalion of Bulgarian troops for every
two demobilized simultaneously by Tur
key.
A Turkish force was defeated near
Moihovo on September 29, losing 72 killed.
It is stated from Insurgent sources that
the villagers in Okhrlda district are with
out food, except roots and bark. A party
of muleteers, who have arrived at Mon
astlr. report that they found skeletons of
children with grass in their mouths. A
Greek, who has arrived at the same city,
says he saw many bodies of men, women
and children on the roadsides in Vlacho
and KliFsura districts.
LONDON, Oct. 7.— News from the Bal
kans reports fighting at various places
arsd that a battalion of Salonica redifs
lost 300 killed in an engagement between
Serretj and Xevrokop.
Fp#cial Dispatch to The Call
Bodies of Men, W t omen and
Children Mark Path
of Fugitives.
DRINK-CRAZED
MAN SHOOTS
AN OFFICER
Ihmmel was sent to the dungeon and
is there to-night. As a result of the in
vFtipation George Jones. who has had
charge of the fncorrigible-s for many
years, has resigned.
Warden Tompkins said to-night: "No,
I did not discharge Jones. He had been
tt the prison many years, eo I gave him
a change by transferring him to the Jute
mill detail. 1 severely criticised him for
net discovering Hammers work, and in
fact there is no excuse for it. The scis
sors should not have gone unfound and
how it was that the cutting in the floor
was not seen I cannot conceive. Jones
took exception to my criticism and quit.
That's a!,."
•"I started in to work on vr.y floor," said
Hamroel. "the first part of June. All I
had wa8 the piece of scissors and nail,
end of course it was slow work. I was
not interrupted and expected to be able
to lift the n'.ate In a 5hort time. Then I
would go through the floor in the room
below (the second story of the unused
furniture factory). There I was going to
procure a piece of iron hoop and a piece
cf rope. On a foggy night I would go to
the end of the building, which is only
ebout twenty feet from the wall, throw
the hoop to hook on the top railing on the
wall, draw the rope taut and climb hand
over hand over the wall. The piec*s of
Fdssors W2S given me by a man going out
• if the Incorrigible coll. When I could not
work I secreted the tools in a niche in
xny cell. I will not say whether there was
any one else In the tcbtftaj or not."
Another incorrigible reported to the
ir::trd that lie often heard noise in one
cf tbe other cells. Warden Tompkins was
notified. The strictest watch was kept,
and finally the noise was located in Ham
mers cell. The cell was searched, and the
cut plates were found. Hammel was in
terrogated and finally confessed to War
den Tompkins that he had been working
on the plate for several months. He also
divulged a most novel scheme of escape.
DIVULGES HIS PLAN.
CUTS FLOOR. OF CELL.
During V.'arden Aguirre's regime a tun
nel was dug from the Jutcmlll toward a
Fetrcr. It had b«en completed for about
.fifty fort out. Only ten feet separated the
men from liberty when Hammel and an
cther convict were discovered coming out
cf the tunnel. At that time Hammel con
fessed that about fifteen desperate in
mates were in the plot, but it was ut
terly impossible to compel him to divulge
the natres of his confederate?. ' He was
sentenced to ten months' solitary confine
ment in the incorrigible cells for that
r.ffair. Although under constant guard
h? worked like a beaver once more to
•Ci'-n his liberty. All the tools he had to
v.-i.T-k with was one-half of a pair of scis
ncrs and a rusty nail. With these he
Ituccecded in cutting through the boiler
'r-^tlns of his cell floor.
SAN QUENTIN PRISON. Oct. 7.— An
©utbreak from San Quentin has been nar
¦rowly averted. Just how far the plot
reached is not yet known, nor is It known
how many prisoners were in the con
ppiracy. The steol flooring in on*? of the
incorrigible eeiis was almost cut through
Tor a ?pace olg-hteen inches square. The
plate was three-eighths of an Inch thick
and three sides of the square had been
cut, while three-quarters of the fourth
side was almost sawed through.
The attempted jail delivery was discov
ered several days ago, but Warden Tamp
kins and the prison attaches, who knew
of the affair, kept th* matter secret in
the hoD"s of finding out the details of
the plot. As is a prison custom, the con
victs shield each other, and thus far only
one has confessed. George Hammel. who
is serving twenty-five years in the prison,
was recently placed in the Incorrigible
cells. He is a noted Jail breaker and this
Is the third time he has been caught in
the act of getting away. Several years
ago he planned a wholesale outbreak at
Fan QuenJin and he has always been a.
ringleader in ail arts of insubordination.
Special Diyp&teh to The Call
Villagers Starving in
Districts Ravaged
by Troops.
Guard6 Believe That Other
. Felons Were in the
Daring Plot
Makes Third Attempt
to Get Away From
San Ctuentin.
Turks Lose Three
Hundred Men
in Battle.
Desperate Convict
Cuts Floor of
His Cell.
BATTALION
OF REDIFS
IS ROUTED
More Concessions
Jlre Demanded
of Peking.
Czar Breaks His
Pledge to the
Ji[ations.
AIRSHIP ENDS
SHORT FLIGHT
IN POTOMAC
COURT HEARS
EVIDENCE IN
POSTAL CASE
Langley's Flying
Machine Fails
Completely.
Hundred-Yard Transit
Followed by Dive
Into River.
Scandal in San
I Francisco Is
Taken Up.
Professor Manley Asserts
Confidence in Ulti
mate Success.
Beavers' Counsel Asks
Dismissal of . Re
moval Charges.
Commissioner Continues the
Examination Until
October 13."
NEW YORK, Oct. 7.— The examination
of George W. Beavers on the first Wash
ington indictment, charging him with
complicity in an alleged conspiracy with
the Postal Device and Improvement Com
pany of California, was commenced to
•day before United States Commissioner
Hitchcock. Beavers was not present, be
ing represented by counsel.
The certified copy of the indictment hav
ing already been offered in evidence by
the prosecution and proof of the identity
of the defendant being 1 waived by his
counsel, the prosecution informed the de
fense that It- considered this, under Com
missioner Hitchcock's ruling, . a prlma
facie "case 'and,* that it "expected "to put
In no r further, evidence; on the removal
proceedings on this Indictment.
The defense called to the witness stand
PostofSce Inspector Weylahd, who signed
•the complaint against Beavers. The wit
ness was not allowed to say whether he
knew of any contract or agreement be
tween George W. Beavers. August "W.
Machen, James ,W. Erwln and the Postal
Device and Improvement Company where
in the three men named agreed to secure
for the company the exclusive right to
furnish the devices made by them to the
Postal Department and at prices higher
than -those paid in the regular market,
that being the basis of the offense
charged against the ; Indicted postal offi
cials. The witness said he had never
seen the contract between the Postal De
partment and the Postal Device and Im
provement Company, but had seen orders
from the Government to the company and
acceptances of them by the company.
Beavers' counsel then moved to dismiss
the removal charges against his client
on the ground that the certified copy of
the indictment did not state facts suffi
cient to constitute a crime: that it was
void because a previous action of re
moval had been instituted in this district;
that the witnesses before the Federal
Grand Jury in Washington had not been
called by the prosecution and for other
reasons. The motion was denied.
Postoffice Inspector Birdseye testified in
a similar fashion. Counsel for Beavers
said he proposed to show that neither
the witness nor any of the others so
named could have given the legal evi
dence before the Federal Grand Jury in
Washington upon which the indictment
was found.
"If we can snow you that none of the
witnesses were compelled to swear to
these facts, Mr. Commissioner," said
Beavers' counsel, "I do not see ho% you
can hold this accused for removal."
Assistant District Attorney Baldwin in
sisted that the Commis'sloner's court was
no tribunal to question the sufficiency of
the indictment. The Commissioner said
he was not prepared to rule upon that
point and an adjournment was taken un
til the ,13th inst., leaving Inspector Birds
eye still on the stand, his testimony .un
completed.
Should tli* whole city be placed under
a lien to give it title to one public util
ity? Season is against the scheme. A
vote against the Geary-street bonds to
day 5 will demonstrate your business
sense.
WIDEWATER, Va., Oct. 7. -The sixty
foot, Bteel-built flying machine, the cli
max of years of exhaustive study in the
efforts of Professor Samuel F. Lang'.ey.
secretary of the Smithsonian Institution,
to solve the problem of mechanical flight
in mid-air, was launched to-day, and the
experiment, carefully planned and delayed
for months, proved a complete failure.
The Immense airship si>ed rapidly alon^
its seventy-foot track, was carried by it*
own momentum for 100 yards and then
fell gradually into the Potomac River,
whence it emerged a total wreck. Profes
sor Charles 11 Manley. who has been
Professor Langley' s chief assistant In th«
work preliminary to the attempted fllguU
made the ascent In the aerodrome and es
caped with a ducking.
At no time was there any semblance of
flight, the Initial, momentum, the lightness
of the machine and the sustaining: sur
face of the wings furnishing the condi
tions which account for the 100-yard tran
sit of the alrbird from its, sixty-foot ele
vation to the water. An official statement
made after the test admitted that th* ex
periment was unsuccessful, but asserted
confidence in the ultimate success of th*
Invention.
FAILURE AT ONCE APPARENT.
• The launching took place at 12:15 o'clock
this afternoon from the superstructure
of the houseboat moored in the Potomac
River, two miles from this place. Fifteen
minutes before that everything was
cleared for action. Professor Manley was
clad in his aeronautical suit of white
duck trousers and cork-lined jacket.
Professor Langley did not witness the
failure of hfs machine to-day, but re
mained In "Washington." where 4 he awaited
the result. When all was ready Professor
Manley tcck his place in the navigator's
car, which T\as situated close to the gaso
line motor It was of the explosion type.
weigh-i«i 200 pounds, and was designed to
generate approximately twenty-seven,
horsepower. Long rods connected with
the propeller, whose blades were a bo it
three feet long. Professor Manley started
the motor, which worked well, the revo
lutions reaching 1200 a minute. The big
machine moved easily along the seventy
foot track In the launching apparatus and
took the air fairly well. A five-mile breeze
was blowing, and for a moment the ma
chine stood up well, but its failure wr.s
immediately apparent. It turned gradual
ly downward. "
EXPEBIHENT IN BALANCING.
Just before the machine struck the wa
ter Professor Manley shut off his motor,
which had worked admirably at the out
set. The machine disappeared beneath
the waves, but only momentarily. TTia
five conical-shaped floats which had been
distributed about the machine to avert it*
sinking, performed their functions well,
and the bridge of the machine almost tr.>
mediately reappeared above the water. It
was a moment of anxiety for the safety
of the navigator, but fears were Instantly
relieved as his head emerged above tTla
surface. He had sustained no Injury. Ills
face reflected his disappointment at tha
result. He climbed Into a rowboat whVb,
had been kept close at hand and was con
veyed to the deck of the tug BartholJL
There he exchanged his dripping clothes
for dry garments. Later Professor Man
ley gave out the following statement to>
the newspapers:
"It must be understood tha. the test to
day was entirely an experiment and tha
first of Its kind ever made. The experi
ment was unsuccessful. The balancing
upon which depends the success of ths
flight was based upon the tests of the
models and proved to be incorrect, but
only an actual trial of t..e full-sized ma
chine itself could determine this. My
confidence in future success of the work
is unchanged. I can give you no other
information. I shall make a formal re
port to Secretary Langley."
The work of removing the wreck was
immediately begun and fcy 2 o'clock tha
disabled machine had been put away ia
the interior of the houseboat.
IMMIGRATION * FBAUD
UNEARTHED IN MANILA
Inspectors Plot to Bring in Chinese
Coolies Under the Guise of
Merchants.
MANILA.- Oct. 8.— As the result of the
unearthing by Collector of Customs Shus
ter of a scheme to bring In Chinese coolies
under the rnise of merchants John T.
Miller, a former Inspector of immigration.
Is under arrest and a warrant has been
Issued for Inspector W. D. Ballantine,
who is now in China.
, Among the papers secured by Collector
Shuster is a contract signed by Miller
and Ballantine regarding a division of
profits. The contract mentions Carl John
son, Vice and Acting Consul at Amoy,
his. interpreter and secretary as benefi
ciaries. A Chinese detective is said to
have paid $100, to be passed through as a
merchant. Miller and Ballantine are
charged with uttering false and forged
certificates.
LIPTON TO OFFER TROPHY
FOB TRANSATLANTIC RACE
NEW YORK. Oct. 7.— Sir Thomas Lip
ton desires to put the constructive ability
of Herreshoff and other designers of
the Old and New World to a test, and
also to try out the seamanship of sailors
of all nations in crossing the ocean. A
$2300 cup. a perpetual challenge trophy
for which the nations of the world may
compete annually. Is to be the offer of
the Irish Baxonet
JAIL BREAK
IS AVERTED
BY OFFICERS
Y ONDQN; Oct. 8. — The correspondent of the Daily Mail at Kobe, Japan, telegraphs that Baron von Rosen on October 4 presented a note to the Japanese Govern-
M ment contending that Japan had no right to interfere in the. question of the evacuation. of Manchuria, which solely concerned Russia and China. The note further
proposed the partition of Korea, and suggested that Japan take the southern half and Russia the northern provinces. The note was discussed by a council of
Ministers on October 5, and Marquis Yamagata, command er-^i-chicf of the army, had consultations zvith the Ministers of War and Marine. The Japanese Govern
ment, adds the correspondent, then sent a reply to Baron von Rosen rejecting the Russian proposal. A crisis impossible at any moment.
RUSSIA NOW REFUSES TO EVACUATE MANCHURIA;
CHINA MAKES APPEAL TO JAPAN FOR ASSISTANCE
VOLUME XC1V— NO. 130.
Exactly, what Russia's new : demands. upon China are no official of the State
Department is prepared to say, but the belief is strong that. they are prac
tically the same as "those reported : from Peking last-, spring and disavowed by
the ¦ Russian Foreign Office. It was , said to-nighti on | the highest authority ¦ that
this Government ¦ had reason, to believe .that Russia was insisting on the very
demands which '.Count 'Lamsdorf assured . Embassador" McCormlck- had never
been presented, and - which Count Casslni, the \ Russian Embassador ,. told Secre
tary, Hay were'merely. presented as" a basis of 'negotiations.
FOKOHAMA, Oct. 7.— According to information received here, the Russian
Minister at Peking, M. Lessar, has informed the Chinese Foreign Of
fice that Russia will never evacuate Manchuria unless her latest de
mands are gTanted. China, it is added, has appealed to the Japanese
Minister, M. Ouchida, for Japanese assistance.
The Japanese residents of Jef-Wie-Ju have filed a petition with- the Foreign
Office at Tokio asking that a Japanese warship and troops be sent to protect
their interests, in view of the menacing attitude of Russia. The reply of Japan
is not yet known.
The town of Jef-Wle-Ju Is probably Wiju, a Korean town near the estuary
of the Amanok, on '.the frontier of China, and a great depot for overland trade
with that country.
The press, which reported the fortification by Russia of Yongampho, on the
Korean bank of , 5 the Yalu River, considers this action as a possible ca3us belli,
as being an infringement of Korean integrity. The report, however, is not con
firmed officially.
The temporary Korean Minister for Foreign Affairs has been relieved at his
own request. 1
Baron von Rosen, -the Russian Minister to Japan, had another conference
with Baron Komura, the. Japanese. Foreign Minister, yesterday. The Japanese
Premier, Viscount Katsura, had an audience with the Emperor, the same day.
It is now feared that the promised concessions on the part of Russia are insuf
ficient to offset her continuous menace to Korea, nor Is the Chinese-Japanese
commercial treaty, to be signed on October 8, deemed adequate' to compensate
for permanent Russian occupation. .
A rumor current to-night says that definite Russian demands concerning
Manchuria and Korea have been" presented to Japan by Baron von Rosen.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 7.- Neither the high officials of the department nor the
Japanese Minister. Takahira. expressed much surprise when shown to-night's
press report from Yokonama that the Russian Minister at Peking had noti
fied the Chinese Government that Russia would never evacuate Manchuria un
til her latest demands wefe granted.
Secretary Hay, believes that the American-Chinese commercial treaty will
be signed at Shanghai to-morrow and that thereby the ports of Mowkden
and Antung wlir be opened to the 'world's commerce. -The United States' po
sition, unless this development prevents the, signing .of the American commer
vcial treaty to-morrow, will be-thatit has gained from Russia what it sought
by the advocacy •' of the "open door" and will not feel called upon to Interfere
in a question so essentially Russian-Chinese as the continued occupation of Chi
nese territory.by Russian troops. \ \
High officials of the State Department tb-nlght, however, said ; that the re
fusal by Russia to evacuate Manchuria to-morrow, the date long ago set. would
show Russia, to be absolutely regardless cf^the promise "she made~ to China and
ttiS civilized world. Certain it is, however; the United States will not Join with
any other government in protesting against Russia's course of action. .
The return of Secretary Hay to Washington last night, somewhat sooner
t) an expected, is believed to have been due to his belief that the Chinese situ
ation will now, become acute. Hay nad :• W-nsr conrerence -this morning v.'llh
Rcckhill, chief of the Bureau of -American Republics, who is> his chief a-lv.'ser
on Chinese affairs. .. . f
RUSSIAN REPRESENTATIVE WHO HAS COMMUNICATED START
LINO DEMANDS TO -THE CHINESE GOVERNMENT. AND JAPAN
ESE OFFICIALS WHO ARE PREPARING FOR COMING . CRISIS. '
The San Francisco Call.THE Democratic 'cam
paign was opened last
evening at a meeting
which completely, filled the
Alhambra Theater. Frank
lin K. Lane, -the Democratic
candidate for the office of
Mayor, made the principal
adclress and was given a
kindly welome. He said the
city had been loyal to him
and "had done him proud."
His speech was well re
ceived and heartily ap
plauded — although the hit
of the ratification was a
song which Candidate for
Public Administrator
"Billy" Hynes refused to
sing, but the clamors for
which for awhile shut out
the principal speaker.
NEW YORK, Oct. .7.— Beechman Wlnthrop,
assistant executive secretary of the Philippine
Government, and Miss Martha Riggs. daughter
of. Mrs." »' John vD'-snn; Wood;'; were married at
neon to-day. Mr. and Mm. 'Wlnthrop . will
leave shortly, for Manila. * •
Fear for Safety of Barkentine.
TACOMA, Oct. 7. — Anxiety Is felt for
the barkentlne John Smith, which was
about five miles behind the schooner
Philippines when she passed. In the
straits Monday morning last.
SEATTLE, Wash., Oct. 7.— From Unga
Island ; the steamer Bertha : brings the
story of a drunken lynching bee that
came near ending in a tragedy. Daniel
Colville, a, fisherman, was the victim. of
the outburst of ; passion. ; '
At Unga is a saloon, presided over by a
retired sea captain named Larson. One
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Vote to-day against the iatoaace of
bonds for the purchase of the Geary
street railway.
Inebriates Hang a Sus
pected Thief in a
Lonely Spot.
day recently polville and hi3 companions
etatered the place and Colville's friends
became intoxicated. Colville wa3 the
only • sober: man in the crowd. Captain
Larson then missed $299 in bank notes
and suspicion fell on Colville. The rest
of the crowd, being drunk and feeling
themselves Incapable of giving him a fair
trial, eliminated the legal part of the pro
ceedings and took him to a lonely spot,
where they tied his hands behind him and
hoisted him from the ground. When he
regained consciousness he found himself
lying on the ground. One of his perse
cutors, fearful of taking the life of one
who had been so ¦ summarily tried, had
taken the responsibility of slipping away
from his i friends and cutting Colville
down. "
Colville could do nothing but walk back
to .the saloon and face his judges, . and
this he did. They gave him four hours
to leave the. island. As a result Colville
arrived in Seattle on the ship St. Paul.
TRY TO LYNCH
INNOCENT MAN
Lane Says the City Has "Done Him
Proud." :' *X
Where ar» all the men In the Republican
party whom you and I meet every day and
COMES AS DELIVERER.
berg was seen no more until his body
was: found In the water near the place
where he was murdered. The condition
of the organs indicates that Jarvenberg
must have been breathing when he fell
or was thrown into the water. It was
also shown at the inquest that the de
ceased had had trouble with sailors, on
the Scottish Moors on the out trip.
Railroads Reach Rate Agreement.
CHICAGO, . Oct. 7.— A new agreement
regarding Asiatic trade was entered into
to-day by representatives of transconti
nental southern and southeastern rail
roads at a meeting held in the office of
J. C. Stubbs, traffic director of theHar
riman HneB. Hereafter the. southeastern
lines will fix the division of rates east: of
junction points and transcontinental lines
will fix the divisions 'west of junction
points, - and there will be no deviation
from ' the azreed basis.
CLAIMS EXPERIENCE.
Says He Is Capable of Transacting
City Business.
Now, I may not be a business man; but fctiii,
my friends. I am just about as much of a
business man as that eentleman who has had
honor at the hard* of the Republican party,
at the hands of the people of the United
States, and v,-hose memory is revered by Re
publicans at any rate, whose administration
is pointed to as that of the best business man
who ever held the office of President, a man
whom Mr. dc Younj? himself delights to honor,
Mr. McKlnley. (Applause.)
If you wanted a man to run a ship what
kind of a man would you select? (A voice: "A
business man." Laughter.) If you wanted
a man to make a horseshoe what kinil of a
man would you select? If you wanted a man
to run the business of a city what kind of
a man would you select? (A voice: "Franklin
K. Lane.") No, you would select a man who
had some knowledge of city business, wouldn't
you? Now, if the pecple of Han Francisco
want a men whose business It is to know
what the government of a city should be, then
I ' offer myself for your support, that having
been my business for five years. But you
don't realize that the business of this city
is not conducted as any business man may
conduct his buslne&i or as the business of
any great corporation for which you may hap
pen to work in conducted. The business of Sail
Francisco, owine to. the fart that we have a
charter, owing to the fact that men have been
found warning In public service — the business
of this city is run by rule. There are certain
rules for this purpose, and it has been my
buflnc«s for five long years to study what those
rules were, to find out how the business of
the city and county of San Francisco should
be conducted, and I believe that I know, liut
I am not going to talk of that.
You probably have noticed In the papers
that there is an absorute lack of harmony In
the Democratic party, as evidenced by this
audience (laughter), and an absolutely peace
fol condition obtains among the Republicans.
Why. my friends, the peace that obtains among
the Republicans is of that kind which passeth
all understanding. (Laughter.) It is the f>eace
BODY OF MURDERED
SAILOR IS IDENTIFIED
Captain of the Scottish Moors Recog
nizes the Deceased as a Mem
" ber of His Crew.'
SAN DIEGO, Oct. 7.— Investigation into
the cause of death of the sailor found
floating in the bay last night indicates
quite clearly that he was the victim of
foul, play. Ho was a sailor from the
British ship Scottish Moors and was
identified by Captain Todford as Alexan
der Jarvenberg. Jarvenberg left the ves
sel Tuesday night of last week, became
drunk and engaged in a brawl in a water
front saloon. Later in the evening he
returned to the wharf and went aboard
the schooner. Bertha Dolbeer. The
watchman aboard the Scottish Moors
stated at the inquest to-night that he
heard voices on the wharf Saying that
they would, "get him when he returned,"
or something to that effect. The watch
man did not know of whom they were
speaking and paid no attention to the
remarks. Then all was quiet and Jarven-
that you take your hat off to as it passes by
slowly on the street with the band ahead,
and not !n the wagon, (I>aushter.) Is there
peace? How have they effected peace? What
harmony exists among them? G-j back two
months— I want you, my Republican friends,
to remember this thing; I am talklns to you;
I want you to recall the history of your.'party
for the i>ast- two months in this city and see
if you are i>roud of It. A coterie of men
gathered themselves together and determined
that they would administer the affairs of the
city and county of San Francisco. They
barred out th* men who had been iiromlnent
In the conduct of Republican affairs and Re
publican nolltics. The head of a great cor
poration !n this' city went with hit hat in
hip hand from cort>oration to corporation in
the city and county of Sar. Francisco begging
for money for the conduct of the Republican
l'rirr.cries and he gained $30,000; and with
tliose $30. COO that combination of seven men
were ?ble to canture the Republican party of
tho city and county of San Francisco, and
they barred out forty-eight hundred of their,
own men. That wns the first thin* they did.
They threw overboard a (Treat body Of their
people. Anil then what did they Uo? They
met. they held their . convention, they per
mitted one of their men to sit there In that
convention whom they knew and whem every
one of them knew was not loyal to tliem. They
permitted him to have his share In the putting
up of a Board of Supervisors. In the nomina
tion of an entire ticket, and then that man—
that man himself — went down Into the old
Republican chip and scuttled It and came up
and took p. jump overboard Into "a lonfr.
low, rakish craft," as the school bocks used
to say, the novels of my early days, and then
he said, "I ask thirty days' leave of ab
sence." (Laughter.) And then the men sink
ing upon -the Republican ship told him that
he must walk the Dlnnk when he was miles
away. You tell me that those mtn acted In
pood faith In the Republican convention. You
tell me that the Republican party In this city
acts In rood faith. . Why there is one answer
to that one which Is conclusive: Look at their
Board of Supervisors. r>o you think that those
men want good Rovernment? Is It possible that
there is any man within the sound cf my voice
who believes that the Republican party stands
for good government \ n thU city under • Its
present management, when they would have
the audacity to put up such a "> Board of Su
pervisors as that which has been presented?
well that er.ds Wells." (Laughter.) If you
aro Mr. de Young's business man you are the
right kind cf a busir.efs man: but if you are
net Mr. <3e Ycunj's kind of a buslne?a man,
then, as he said two years ago, even a Demo
cratic lawyer Is good enough for Mayor.
Two-Year-Old Child Strays Awaj;
From Home and Is Not Found
Until Daylight.
PETALUMA, Oct. 7.— Wandering In a
wild, rough country all night and suffer
ing from exposure was the experience
of a 2-year-old child, the daughter of P.
Buzzinl. The child was missed from hums
Tuesday night and the parents after a
fruitless search called for help. The n!ght
was dark and though the search was kept
up It was not until dawn broke that the
little one was found. At daybreak Al
bert Puckett found the child safe and
sound, but wet to the skin, wading in a
spring oh the Buzzini ranch, in water
deep enpugh to have drowned her had she
fallen. It Is feared that serious results
may follow the child's exposure on the
bleak mountain top.
Good streets, spacious schoolhonses
and sanitary sewers are of more ntility
to the. city than a street railway. Vote
aratnst the Geary-street bonds to-day.
BABE WANDEBS ALL NIGHT
ON BLEAK MOUNTAIN TOP
In St. Lou If they had a worklr.itman run
things, a man named Butler, who has now
been convicted of a felony and Is threatened
with a term In the penitentiary. Mr. Butler
is a blacksmith, and a good blacksmith, and
a boss business man. > Mr. Butlir dealt with
the Board of Supervisors. He did not go about
corrupting Civil Service Commissioners, that
they might sell papers. He would think very
little indeed of selling: a horse in a fire de
partment, much less a colt to a frlc-nd. But
Mr. Butler knew that there were men who
wanted a franchise for a street railroad and
so he said, "I have a block of Supervisors'
votes: what are you willing to give?" And
they said so much soot cash. He accepted
the offer, the money was put up In the bank;
and then that Mayor— I don't know how they
ever came to elect such a Mayor as that In
St. Louis — that Mayor vetoed the ordinance.
And then the company said, "Why. see here,
we can't' pay you, you didn't daliver the
goods." But, he said, "I delivered the votes,
didn't I? You didn't contract for the Mayor,
you only contracted for the Board of Super
visors." And somebody some day may say
that here. Now, what happened? They elected
a young fellow as fresh from private life
aa I was five years .ago, as innoccnt-of public
service and as Innocent of politic* as I was
then. That younsr man has made a grand, a
glorious, a national name for • himself. You
recognize It when I say It, for seme day I
hope myself to vote for Folk for President
of the United States. Folk heard of this
and^what did he do? He went down and he
clajQbd his hands on the money that was In
the safe deposit vault, under threat of putting
the man In Jail If he didn't let him have it;
and then the cat was out of the bag. Then
the president of the street railway combine
gave the story away. And what has been the
result? For two years you have found one
man after another going to Jail in St. Louis.
Why? Because there was a man named Butler
who 'chose to sell some franchises, which has
not been considered such an outrageous thing
even in the city of San Francisco.
But In Minneapolis they had a man named
Ames who was Mayor of the city. Ames had
been Mayor once and they said he had made
a pretty good kind of a Mayor, and so they
thought they had Just as well elect him again.
And they elected him again. And tnen every
man In the city who could be touched was
touched, every man who could be reached was
reached. The administrative departments were
all brought under subjection to him and to
his control. A system of blaekmalt went .on
which at last attracted the attention of some
of the newspapers, and the people were
Nominee Tries to Hold Hirn-Up as
T*,epresentative Workingman.
ST. LOUIS BLACKSMITH.
<? £ *£ £? ow t hat we have a charter which
it IB possible, although I suppose every man
who is on this platform voted for It; although
1 suppose tho majority of the men that are In
this hail voted for it; yet I want to say to you,
after the most careful study of that charter—
and no man In the world knows it better than
If as well,..as 1 do, for It has been. my busi
ness to come into contact with alt departments
and to Interpret the law, that new fundamental
law for them— I want to say. to you. my friends
that the charter of the city and county of Ban
Francisco will prove the greatest curse that
ever nas fallen upon this city unless there Is
manhood enough in r • you, unless there is
strength of character enough In you, unless you
are keen enough of insight to realize that now
is the time when the city of San Francisco
must be. saved. There Is a possibility within
that charter of building up the greatest corrupt
political machine that ever has been offered to
the people of this or of any otherclty. Let me
calmly for a minute tell you how. Listen to
me patiently now. The details through which
I am going will not perhaps be. rhetorical, but
I want this thing to sink deep Into your hearts,
because I am pleading with you to-night. You
know that before we had the charter we had
what was known as the consolidation act, and
under that consolidation act we had a peculiar
I am In earnest In this flght. my friends. I
would not be hftre before you If I were not. I
feel that a crisis has come In the history of
m> city— a city that has done me proud; that
has-been loyal to me; a city that I love aa I
love no other place; a city In which my
babies were born, and where I hope to die my
self and I stand, before, you "not as one gelf-
? ?^ hln . hls now er to save San Fran
cisco at this time from what I believe to be a
reign of corruption that Is imminent. (Ap-
JJlfUJBG. J ¦• .; y. . _; , . ¦ ... * - » ¦ •-.¦
whom we shake by the hand and whom we de
light to call our fellow-citizens? What chance,
do they have for honor or preferment In their
party? Why is it that we gather the young
men and the strong men to oui selves in our
municipal fights? Because they know, those
young men know that they can come In here
among us .and have fair play, a square deal
and the right thing done by all of them. The
Republican i.arty. my friends, contains more
men. Rood men, honest men, respectable men,
intelligent nun. thut the Republican party Is
aBlianied to recognize, seems nfrald to put for
wat-il. than any other party in any city in the
U? itei l Slates - And why is it? Why Is it
that these men can't be put forward? Why is
.1 , at . l , hey can>t * et these young men upon
their ticket for Supervisors as we have year
after year? Because they don't want them,
liecauso they want men for whom, tn the first
place, they buy primaries; for whom. In the
second j>]ace, thay buy elections; for whom,
in the third place, they buy their votes after
tney att elected. (Applause.) (A voice — "That
Is stuff, stuff, stuff.") Yes, an-1 there are a
great many men who are after that "stuff,
stuff. Ktuft." (Laughter and applause.) And
those are the men that we are fighting In this
campaign, und everywhere we turn we find
this "stuff, stuff, muff."
FRANKLIN K. LANE, DEMO
CRATIC fCOMINEE FOR MAYORJ
IN CHARACTERISTIC ATTI
TUDES.
Hall. (Applause.)
Now. mnybe you think. that I am dreaming
creams, that these things need not come true.
I could give you some Instances were I of a
;mind to. But you know, you who read the
papers, you who have kept track of things, you
know the history of other cities in the United
States. You "know what has happened in St.
Louis; you know what has happened in Min
neapolis; you know what has happened in
Plttsburjj. In Pittsburg they had a business
man's administration. Mr. Chris Magee was
the business man. and Mr. Chris Magce. saw
his opportunities just as clearly as any man
In San Francisco sees opportunities. Mr. Chris
Magee wns a member of a contracting firm,
though hi* name did not appear, and they did
business with the Board of Public Works when
great sums of money were to be expended. Mr.
Chris Magee was a member of a bond Indem
nity company, and they did business with all
the city employes when they went Into office
on the first of the year. Mr. Chris Magee, the
business man, saw that franchises were given
to h!s friends, that money was placed In the
proper banks. Those things are all possible
In San Francisco. - We have had a touch of
them.
There in a Board Of Public Works. Every
man who wishes to put up steps In front of
his house; every man who wishes to alter a
room In his house; every man who wishes to do
the slightest bit of plumbing in his house;
every man who wishes to put up a great
building, and every man who wishes to make
Use of his* property has to go before that
Board of Public Works and get a permit; and
I tell you that every contractor and every
builder, every business man and every prop
erty-owner within tho city and county of Snn
Francisco can be made subject to blackmail by
the Board of Public Works. He can be told:
"You go and get that lawyer, or else you don't
get that permit." (Applause.)
And there Is the Police Commission. Why.
men come to me every day and they tell m*
that they dare not speak their minds; that
they dare not stand up for their rights; that
they dare not exercise the right and privilege
of every American citizen, because they are in
the fear of» being broken before a Police Com
mission. Should that thing be In the city of
San Francisco? Have pollcemen.no rights as
men? Have saloon-keepers no rights as men?
And then there Is a Board of Health. Wiiy,
I tell you that it is In the power of an ad
ministration within this city to lift the elimi
nation of milk, to lift the examination of meat
and send the disease, nto every household In
this city, and for a consideration. You know
as well as I do, you know what departments
there are; you know how people can be held up.
And what does all this mean, my friends?
It means this: That the city of San Francisco
Is threatened to-day," and threatened in this
campaign by a government ' by. fear; and I
stand here to-night an advocate and am pledged
to substitute for a government of fear a gov
ernment by law. What right has a member of
the Fire Commission In direct contravention
of the law of this city to go into an engine
house and a3k thesft mtn to vote one ticket
rather than another? Why Is it that men who
are In the service of this city feel to-day thut
they are bound down f,or fear that they will be
broken? The government of San Francisco
should not be from the- City Hall outward; it
should be from the people toward the City
ROASTS 8 COMMISSIONERS.
Speaker Insinuates That Various
Boards Are Crooked.
I see men here, old men, men who have
beer, acquainted with the public life of San
Francisco for a cre.it many years, and you
know that the charjfu always was that the
Board of Supervisors was the corrupt 'b«ly.
There was the board on which the newspapers
had their eyes always, wasn't it? They used
to watch each member of the board and his
vote to see if any corporation owned him.
Now the corporations want Supervisors'. Why?
Because they want franchises; because they
want privileges; because they want favors.
They still want Supervisors. But behind the
corporation? there U at the present tlmo ex
isting a conspiracy to seize not only the Su
pervisors, but every administrative board in
the City and county government; and they can
do it by the election not alone of Supervisors,
but ot the Mayor, for he has the appointing
of these administrative boards. They can
make civil service valueless, absolutely worth
less. There ls> not a man within hearing of
my voice, there is not a man at the City Hall
who cannot be brought up before a Civil Ser
vice Commission Hint is fixed, that is appointed
to Jo Its duly to a political machine, that
can hold his office If this city government is
seized adversely to civil service and the scheme
of the charter.
form of government, which was half municipal,
under municipal control, and half under State
control. We had a Board of Police Commis
sioners appointed by the Governor and not re
movable by anybody: we had a Board of
Health appointed by the Governor for a term;
we had then no Board . of Public Works, but
a Superintendent of Streets; we had no Depart
ment of Electricity; wo had no Civil Service
Commission; the Idea had not then entered into
the minds of men that the men in public serv
ice ishculd hold " their places because of merit
and of merit alone. But that thlnz was
changed by the charter. Now, what i3 the
result?" ' . -"• .
I want a newer San Francisco. I want a
newer San Francisco that has newer activities,
and newer industries, and newer life, and
newer enthusiasm and newer self-respect. But
I want a San Francisco that has a moral tone
that goes back to that old commandment
'Thou shalt not steal." And I want a San
Francisco that goes back to that oU day when
Christ drove the money changers out of th»
temple. San Francisco does not consist of so
many buildings that are twelve stories high;
San Francisco does not consist of so many
miles of paved streets; San Francisco does not
consist of so many factories and so many mills
and so many street railroads and so many
corporations and so many lawyers. San Fran
cisco my friends consists of 410.000 or there
abouts, of principled, thinking m«n who hav*
hearts and who have heads; mq>i who liv»
here and who love their city; .and If 'gan
Francisco is to be great. If San Francisco I*
to be a New Ran Francisco, San Franciscans
must have pride in her; they must be able to
speak of her government with self-respect:
they must be made to feel that the government
of San Francisco Is a government of honor:
they must not be caused to put their heads
eslde In shame when the government of San
Francisco Is spoken of. The New Pan Fran
cisco will come, and that New San Francisco
will be a government by men Mich as you
have here to-night, men who own themselves,
men who think for themselves, men who love
their city men who are loyal to iu Interests,
men who are not demagogues, men who would
not sell any right, men who are determined
upon ons thing, and that Is that tne city of
San Francisco shall be saved from an era of
corruption, that good government' shall pre
vail that good men shall be put In office,
that a square deal shari be given to every
body, that this may be a government ander
the law, a government lust to all. ,'Applause.>
Thl« charter was built upon tha theory that
the people of the city and county of San Fran
cisco were sensible, that It- was possible to
concentrate in the bands of one single man
this great power of administering th« city.
They- said. "We have tried San Francisco; we
know the people here; we know thajthey have
self-respect and honor, and that If men are
placed before them. one. two, three, that they,
with Infallible touch will place their hands upon
the shoulder of an honest man and say to him.
Be our Mayor: that it is not possible for
those men, not possible to the people of this
city at large to go so far wrong aa to create
a man a public officer who will be tile servant
of a political machine, who will be weak, who
will be corrupt, who will not own himself, but
will bow down before some man who Is his
master." And in that belief the people of San
Francisco adopted that charter. Tha preserva
tion of our rights, my friends, depends upon
your votes, and upon your proving that that
was the correct belief. If your vote don't dem
onstrate that now such a political machine will
be built up in the city and county of San Fran.
Cisco as you have never konwn, and aa no city
in the United States now knows. Even Tam
many is guided by heart. There are things
about Tammany that I like, because there - is
humanity and there Is feeling: there. I But a
Republican Tammany, a Republican masquer
ading, not as a Republican, a party of pre
tense, a party of gold bricks, a party that is
false to its honored name, a party that ts
consecrated to things that are- corrupt and are
wrong; a Tammany that has no heart, but has
a pocket.
Don't you for one moment, my friends, think
that the workingmen of San Francisco have no
Interest In the government of th« city of San.
Francisco. I know them. There Is no man
here who knows them better. I have been
charged with appealing to those men for their
votes. There is no doubt that that charge is
true. The time will never come when I shall
stand upon a political platform as a candidate
for office and be unwilling to appeal to the
laboring men of San Francisco or bf the United
State3. But I have never said one word to
those men — and I call you men to witness what
I say — I have never said one word to toe men
at the Union Iron Works when at noon I talked
to them, or to the men at the water front
when at noon I talked to them, or to the men at
the Fulton Iron Works when I talked to them;
not one wofd has come from my lips that
might have not as well been said on the sum
mit of Nob Hill or in the center of the business
districts of San Francisco. * I am Bo coward. I
do mv business openly. I want the- votes of
my fellow-citizens. I go down to talk to thos«
men. and I stand upon a casting on the street
or on » barrel, and, my friends. I will do ex
actly the same thing this time; I go down there
to them and I appeal to them on the same
high, marly plane that I appeal to you now.
or as I will appeal to any other audience In
this campaign. And let metell you that there
is quicker response among those men to any
appeal for good government than I find in som*
other audiences ir. San Francisco. (Applause.)
They are not fooled twice. Do you remember
what the old Indian said? "White man fool
Indian once, white man damned smart; whlt»
man fool Indian twice. Indian damn fool."
(Laughter.) They know what the Issues in this
campaign are: they know who are flying a flag
that they have no right to; they know what
the workingmen of San Francisco stand for.
And don't you for one moment doubt their loy
alty to this city In this campaign. Don't you
for one moment doubt that they have keen
enough tight to see where their own ultimate
Interests are.
Now my friends, there are two theori?s
upon which the city government of Pan Fran
cisco can be run. One is the theory of favor;
and that Is the theory which bosses wish to
develop. They want to teach you that you
can 'get things only through pull, only through
money; that you must see somebody, outside
of the city government, or Inside of the city
government, or within the political machine
before you can get what you are entitled to.
That Is government by favor; that is gov
ernment by fear; that Is government by in
timidation; that is government by graft: that
Is government by blackmail. But I tell you
It is coming, coming within three short
months, a time when there will be Instituted
in the city of San Francisco the government
by right, when men will be able without go
ing to attorneys, without appealing to soma
potent Influence outside of the city government,
but they may go directly to the Board of
Public Works, to the Police Commission, to
the Health Department, to the Mayor of this
city and ask that something shall be done,
because they have a right to have it done.
I have talked much longer than I expected
to. I had no Idea whatever of making «o
lengthy an address, but I want to say this
word' to you: The Republicans are threading
the Idea that they stand for what Is known
as New San Francisco. A new Saa Francisco.
Why we stood for that seven y«ar» ago.
didn't we? You saw me upon the t.latf<v:a
in this city preaching to the people then that
a new era. that a glorious day waa coming
for this city, that greater prosperity was com
ing, and that we must have a gre&tcr, a bigger
and a manlier kind of government than we
had If, we were going to realize i»ur oppor
tunities.
Lane Also Tells Things About Tam
many That He Likes.
THEORY OF CHARTER.
Pictures i Himself
as the -City's
Saviour.
aroused and the men driven from, th« city
and the city of Minneapolis waa dlarraced.
Now there Isn't anything; that has hap
pened In Plttsburr or in Minneapolis or In
St. Louis that cannot to-rlay happen In tha
city of San Francisco, for we have machinery
expressly made for such purposes, if we can
elect the right men to office.
jl LTHOUGH the people that
, /fc .crowded the Alhambra . last
« / evening shcvred more enthuei
/ \ asm over the prospect of a
2 \_ song from '•Billy" Hynes than
desire to listen to the oratory of
Franklin K. Lane, the Democratic can
didate for Mayor has little cause of>om
j plaint at either the quality or spirit of his
:1 reception. The theater was not so crowd
ed at the end of the candidate's speech as
when he began- to address the large au
dience and there was a steady movement
f cr the door Ions before -he closed. Had
lie continued a few minutes? longer -..ha
vice presidents en the piatform might
have experienced something of the lone
someness of facing rows of empty chairs,
but the speaker realized the situation to
time to save it and was able to enjoy iae
gratification of hearty applause as he
took his seat.
In the address which virtually opened
the Democratic municipal campaign. Lane
outlined the situation as he says he >ecs
it and pointed out that in any hands but
his the charter would be a. powerful ma
chine for the robbery of .citizens. He
built an Interesting array of straw men
and with thrilling effect played ninepins
with his creations. He arraigned the labor
union administration of the city and pic
tured himself a? a Western Folk with a
divine call to rescue San Francisco from
the hands of her enemies.
The meeting was called to order by
Thomas W. Hickty, who declared open
the Democratic campaign uf 1S03 and
called James V. Coleman to the chair.
Coleman referred to the noise ar.d disor
der of the Democratic convention as in
dications of success inasmuch as they
had cleared the air arid left a way for
peace and good will.
Among the candidates for office that ad
dressed the meeting were Dr. Washington
Dodge, R. J. Loughery, A. Comte Jr.,
Carl Westerfeld, Lewis F. Byington, Dr.
Leland, Edmond Godchaux, Peter J. Cur
tis, Al W. Wehe. William Broderick. Po
lice Judges Cabaniss and Slogan and M. J.
(Billy) Hynes.
Hynes is running for Public Admlnistra-
I tor, but the audience wanted a socg more
. than a speech. They suffered the speech,
however, in the hope of a song to follow
and .when Hynes ltft without realizing
this anticipation the business of the meet
ing came to a standstill while the crowd
howled for Hynes. The efforts of the
chairman to restore order availed nothing
for a tpace of several minutes. In des
peration Lane was pushed to the front of
; the platform and the new interest caused
a pause in the pursuit of vaudeville.
Chairman Coleman made skillful use of
¦this pause and almost convinced the r.u
dience that their clamors had been for
Lane and not for a "Billy" Hynes spe
. cialty.
Realizing that Hynes had left the build
; ing those present settled down to hear the
¦ candidate for Mayor, who spoke as fol
'. lows:
Mr. Chairman. Ladle; and Gentlemen: It
1 is something: of a satisfaction, after havfng
; served this city. for five years*, to come before
a body of my ftllov.--cltizen<s such as this, ths
largest audience that evir ha* assembled with
in thi? hall, end receive such a reception as
you have just clven »o me, and to hear my
name received as you have received that name
throughout this evening. Men in politic* fine
comparatively little that brings gratification to
them. They have the satisfaction of doiny
their duty, of knowing that they do it. of com.
Ing before you « lection after election and find
ing that they meet with your approval; but It
is seldom flvcn to a rr.an^fter he has made
an effort to' reach the high^t place within the
rift of the people of the Stste that his own
townsmen, he having failed, should come to him
with ottended hand and «>ay, "We need you
now. corne back and lead us in our home."
<Api4auee )
iTou have seen the men who axe on our plat
form. I have not come before you with any
. statement of the issues of this campaign; 1
; have not had the time, my friends, in the last
* few days to prepare i=uch an address ax prob
ably this occasion would demand; but we have
presented to you the issues of this campaign
in presentir.c to you the me-n who stand upon
cur ticket- (Applause.)
Thle c&mpa.gn is 'not a question of policies,
It, it rtol a question of platform!, it is not a
question of pronunclamentos. it l.« not a ques
tion of proclamations; it is a question of men.
What kind of men are they? Are they men oi
character? Are- they men who have the
Btrength to stand up against the temptations
that they will meet? Are they men who go
Into politics with the right kind of motives?
Are they men vfaV have high ideals? Are they
men devoted to the Inlerens of the city? Those
are the questions that you must consider in
this campaign, and those questions primarily.
My triends. we are practical politicians; we
• re men in the Democratic- party, practical
men. and we believe that the best k;nd of
practical politics Is done by serving the city of
gan Francisco and its people best. < Applause.)
And that Is the reason why it
mive% me pride and gives me • pleas
ure to stand ' on tMi platform with
men who have stood with me before In other
campaign?: I nieet my. friends with but one
¦fxceptlon upon this platform, and one other
that I «ee in this hall, and the oldest man in
the service ot the city and county of San Fran
cisco, occupying the position of the head of a
aeftrtment, and that other exception Is a man
¦when* thft Republican party did not have the
nerve the courage and the decency to renom
inate'for office. • The Democratic party, how
rver yfc*r after -year, rtnorainates its men, and
it har never had to turn down a niah for lack
of fidelity to the people. < Applause.) Tell me.
m y friends, of any ether city in the United
V'tiie* or of any ether party within any city
'^i-htn thi* country of which that splendid
i)oa«'r can be made. We have been clean of
ErwMM: ve.ha.ve been straight in office; we
\««ne back to our people year after year, . and
¦thi-y'eive us 'the plaudits of the hand, they
ei-v <• "us the ehcut of the voice and they give
us th*ir votes on election day. And isn't that
an indorsement?
The Democratic party Is In the minority in
Fan Francisco, I believe, and yet in the three
cornered right two years ago we elected a
'dozen men.' and we mill do better than that
»•* I* have" met with eingular charges In my
•'¦.•& nijiatgns. You are familiar with them. 1
was charged with being a Prohibitionist in the
¦•xiorthern yart of the State and lost \-ote« In
the last rampairn, and was charged with not
being * Prohibitionist tn the southern part of
the State and lest votes on that account dowu
there. Bui the gravest charge of all has been
made acainet me now in that I am' not a busi
ness ir.an. Now 3'ou are selecting- a Mayor.
Mr. de Young cays -that you want -a business
man. Now Mr. <Je Young knows a great many
.things ¦ about' his business men. (Laughter.)
¦Do you know there are business- men and
business men. Mr. - de Young is a good busi
ness man himself, although his profession Is
that of a Journalist. Mr. Ruef is a good busi
ness man. I believe, though his profession It
'.that of a lawyer. But when did the idea come'
into Mr. de Young's head that we should have
a business man for Mayor? Go back In your
minds two years, my friends. Mr. de Young's
paople nominated a business man, and you re
member that that basinets' man, not being Mr.
tie Young's business man, Mr. de Young turned
him down. The day after the election he
printed an editorial in which be said: "All'd
Unsung SongNearly
Stampedes the
Meeting.
Resent Candidate
Hyne's Refusal
to Sing. .
Says Only He Can
Administer the
'Charter;
Many Present Eager
for Vaudeville
Show.
Franklin K. Lane
Receives Warm
Welcome. -
DEMOCRATS FIRE THEIR FIRST VOLLEY
BEFORE BIG AUDIENCE AT ALHAMBRA
THE SAN -FBANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 8,. 1903.
2
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take' Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All
flrupsrlsts refund the money If It fails to cure;
E. W. Grove*» signature la on each box.' 23c. •MANILA, Oct. 7. — The Supreme Court." in
confirming the conviction of a number of la
drones sentenced to Imprisonment for life,
gives u lt« opinion that the late San Miguel
b&nd of brigands were not insurrectos.,
NASHVILLE, Tenn.. Oct. 7.— The Grahd
Jury of Moore County has returned a Joint in
dictment against twenty-two members of a
mob charred with lynching the negro, Allen
Small, on the night of September 24
A .'railway Is now In operation on
Geary street. "Why mortgage tha , mu
nicipality that It ; may be torn up and
another ¦ substituted? The schema Is ab
surd. - Vote afftlnst it to-dny.
SAN DIEGO, Oct. 7.— Mexican Consul
A. V. Lomeli has caused to be printed the
announcement that the conscription for
the Mexican army, which a month ago al
most depopulated the northern district of
Lower California of able-bodied men. has
been called off. The order goes into ef
fect immediately, so that any Mexicans
who are now in San Diego can return to
their homes below the line . _
May Beturn to Their Homes.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 7.— Miss Mary
Elizabeth Godey, daughter of Mrs. Cath
erine Smith Gcdey of Germantown, was
married to-day at noon to Charles Fred
erick Kohl of San Francisco. The cere
mony was performed by Rev. Dr. Staf
ford, rector of St. Patrick's Church, .at
"Rothsay," the country home of the
family, in the presence of 100 guests.
Charles F. Kohl Weds Miss Godey.
HENDERSON. Texas, Oct. 7.— Late last
night a party of young white men went to
the home of Bob* Willis, a negro, for the
purpose of flogging him. for some alleged
offense, -ot clearly stated. The negro
warned them not to approach, but they
continued advancing and t no negro fired,
killing cnarles Brown," a young man re
cently from Georgia, and wounding a
young man named Gossett. The negro Is
In the hands of the faherlff.
Negro Kills Member of Mob.
SAULT STE. MARIE, Mich., Oct. 7.—
Several feet of the Algoma Railroad
track, near the Consolidated Lake Su
perior Company's brick plant, were blown
up with dynamite last night. The dyna
miters were evidently in too great a hurry
to do a complete Job. The track was re
paired to-day with little trouble and
trains are running as usual. In some
quarters the attempt Is charged to dis
gruntled employes of the Consolidated
Company.
Dynamite Damages Bailroad.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 7.— Postofflces es
tablished: California — Port Kenyon,
Humboldt County, re-established, Herma
Neuhaus, postmaster; Washington—Bo
nita, Douglas County, Bernam G. Hines,
postmaster.
Navy orders— Surgeon E. J. Grow or
dered from duty at the naval hospital.
Mare Island, to the Mohican; Assistant
Surgeon C. N. Fiske detached from the
Mohican and ordered home to await or
ders; Acting Surgeon G. T. Miller ordered
from the Mare Island navy-yard to the
naval hospital, Mare Island.
Army order— Contract Surgeon William
H. Lukey ordered to duty as surgeon of
the transport Dlx.
Several Changes Made in Postal Ser
vice and Army and Navy
Orders Issued.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
CHICAGO. Oct. J.-Mmo. Nordica was
thrown from her berth and badly shaken
last night In the transfer of her car from
one railroad yard to another. The noted
singer was passing through the city en
route from the West While the special
car was being switched the trainmen, not
being aware that the car had an occu
pant, allowed It to crash Into a bumper.
The Jolt sent the singer tumbling to the
floor, but except for the shock she was
not injured.
Nordica Hurled From Pullman Berth.
Ton can help to «av« the 'city $700,000
and an eternal source of loss by voting
to-day ag-alnst the Geary-street bond,
proposition.
ivNOXVILLE, Tenn.. Oct. 7.— For vio
lating an injunction restraining United
Mine Workers from trespassing on the
property of the Tennessee Coal Company
at Priceville, Tenn.. Chancellor Kyle, at
Clinton. Tenn., to-day fined and sentenced
the following officials: F. L. Rice, na
tional organizer, who came from Iowa,
$400 and eighty days In Jail: Robert
Vaughan, $350 and thirty days; J. H. Say
lor, $100 and twenty days; G. L. KIce, $50
and ten days; Andrews, $50 and ten
days. The defendants appealed to the Su
preme Court and crave bond.
United Mine Workers Punished.
CHICAGO. Oct. 7.— The Merchant Tail
ors' Protective Association, composed of
manufacturing tailors of the country, to
day declared war on ' the Journeymen
Tailors' Union of America, and will here
after refuse to deal with union tailors as
such. The tailors' union has a member
ship of about 20,000. Demands for in
creased wages and free workshops have
been made by the tailors in several cities.
Declares War on Union Tailors.
To-morrow will be a general holiday not
only with the Grand Encampment but
the city and county. Excursion trains
will be run from Santa Cruz and way
points on the north and from San Luis
Oblspo on the south. In the morning a
parade will take place, with David Walte
as grand marshal and J. B. Ward as
chief aid. General Brower and staff will
command the division of Patriarchs. Cap
tain Allie Parker will lead her division
of the Rebekah Drill Corps and there will
be numerous floats and divisions of civic
bodies in line. After the parade in the
morning a barbecue will be served, at
which preparations are made to feed SOOO
people. To-night a band concert to be fol
lowed by a dance Is In progress.
The discussion of the next meeting place
of the order aroused great interest. The
assembly Is divided upon the question.
The encampment adjourned until Friday
without disposing of the question, but
there is little doubt that- the next Grand
Encampment of California will meet in
San Francisco.
The competitive prize drill Friday is
arousing the keenest enthusiasm and each
canton is perfecting Itself to the minutest
detail in anticipation of a brisk contest.
The routine work of the Grand Encamp
ment commenced again this morning at
10 o'clock. After the report of the com
mittee on honored dead the election of
officers was taken up, with the following
result: W. F. Woodbridge, grand patri
arch; Stanley A. Smith, grand high
priest; George Bessen, grand senior war
den: William H. Barnes, grand scribe;
Charles E. Benedict, grand treasurer; C.
H.' Burden, grand junior warden; J. A.
Foster, representative to Sovereign
Lodge; F. A. Week, H. F. G. "Wolff and
E. Flanders, grand trustees.
PASO ROBLES, Oct. 7.— There was lit
tle spare time to-day in the proceedings
of the Brand Encampment of the Odd
Fellows in session in this city. While
the delegates struggled with knotty ques
tions in the government of the order, the"
uniformed patriarchs paraded the streets
to the martial strains of Todd's band.
The Watsonville delegation entertained
all comers rfeht royally in their tents to
day. Strawberries were served without
stint with sweet cider and varieties of
fruit. At 5 p. m. the cantons were again
paraded and were reviewed by General
Brower and staff.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Excursion Trains Will
Carry Thousands to
Paso Robles.
COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo., Oct. 7.—
The Telluride reduction mill at Colorado
City, which was forced to cease opera
tions seven weeks ago by a strike of its
union employes and a subsequent shortage
of ore occasioned by the Cripple Creek
strike, will resume * operations next
Wednesday with non-union men. This an
nouncement was made this afternoon by
Superintendent Groves. The mill Is re
ceiving: ore daily and has already a large
supply on hand.
Non-Union Mem Employed.
CANTONS DRILL
IN COMPETITION
NEW YORK. Oct. 7.— Samuel J. Parks,
walking delegate of the Housesmlths' and
Brl<Jg«?men's Vnion, to-day announced
that sx the meeting of the national ex
ecutive committee of the International
Bridge and Structural Iron Workers'
Union h«>re next week the local building
strike will be- extended throughout the
country, wherever the Iron league has
members.
'¦ CHICAGO. Oct. 7.— That a general
strike of Ftructural iron workers In the
United Statrs and Canada is to be called
was denied emphatically to-day by Frank
Buchanan, newly elected president of the
Bridge and Structural Iron Workers'
Union. He also denied the report from
Plttsborg that Samuel Parks has lined up
the Iron workers for a strike 5n sympathy
with the New York Iron Workers' local.
CHICAGO TYPOTHETAE YIELDS.
Cues for Peace and Effects Settle
ment With Press Feeders.
CHICAGO. Oct. 7.— The Chicago Ty
pothetae sued for peace to-night, when
President Hipglns of the International
Printing Pressmen's Union failed to live
up to his promise to supply sufficient
press feeders to man the presses of the
employing printers. A committee of two
The chaotic condition of the Democratic
organization In Brooklyn was made evi
dent to-night, when Martin W. Lyttleton,
the Democratic candidate for borough
president, made his first campaign speech
at the. Seymour Club,. Lyttleton was in
troduced just after resolutions indorsing
all the candidates on the city ticket were
read and unanimously carried amid
cheers. He immediately launched into a
epeech condemning the course of Leader
Murphy and the delegates from Tam
many Hall at the convention, and made
it plain that the Brooklyn leaders would
not support either Grout or Fornes.
Xot much credence is given to the ru
mor that Robert V. Roosevelt, uncle of
the President, has been asked to take the
Tammany nomination for President of
Manhattan borough. While Roosevelt has
not been an active politician, he has been
an ardent Tammany man, and a few years
ago was a sachem In the Society of Tam
many.
NEW YORK, Oct. 7.— All uncertainty
regarding the action of the Citizens'
Union and Republican organizations on
the question of ousting Messrs. Grout and
Fornes from the fusion ticket was re
moved to-night, when both conventions
reconvened and voted unanimously to re
scind the nominations for Comptroller
and Aldermanlc President made at the
original convention and to nominate in
stead Frederick W. Heinrichs of Brook
lyn and E. J. McGuire of Manhattan. At
the Citizens' Union convention in Cooper
Union, presided over by Francis C. Hunt-
Ington, little interest was shown in the
nominations. At the close of the conven
tion the delegates from the Bronx met
and named Coroner Joseph I. Berry, who
also has been nominated by the recom
mendations as borough president.
The Republican convention in Carnegie
Hall was presided over by former Lieu
tenant Governor Woodruff. The nomina
tions of Messrs. Heinrichs and McGuire
were accepted unanimously. Heinrichs
was a candidate for Lieutenant Governor
on the Gold Democratic ticket in 1S96; for
President of the boroug- of Brooklyn on
the Low ticket in 1897, and for State At
torney General on the Citizens' Union
ticket in 1S0S. McGuire is an assistant
corporation counsel.
"Having used Peruna both person
ally" and having prescribed It for my pa
tients for many years, I thought it would
not be out of pface to write you a few
lines of my experience with same. I have
taken Peruna as a tonic and catarrh
remedy, and have used It in my practice
with always the same result— benefit to
the patient. It tones up and strengthens
the various organs of the body, heals
the catarrhal mucous irembranes. and
Is a boon to suffering humanity. It is a
fine spring tonic, and a splendid remedy
to ward oft those distressing effects of
la grippe, a good tonic after pneumonia
DR. LELAND WILLIAMSON. York
town, Ark., writes:
Address Dr. Hartman. President of
The Hartman Sanitarium. Columbus.
Ohio.
or malarial fever— In fact, an all round
tonic and builder. It Is a splendid rem
edy for weakly, broken down women,
and a remedy that should be used by
any one needing a good strengthening
tonic and blood purifier. I could say
much more, but any one needing such a
remedy, a trial will convince of its true
merits."— Leland "Williamson, M. D.
If you do not derive prompt and satis
factory results from the use of Peruna.
write at once to Dr. Hartman. giving a
full statement of your case, and he will
be pleased to give you his valuable ad
vice gratis. '-»¦ •
Buchanan Says There
Will Be Nothing of
the Sort.
Grout and Fornes Nom
inations Are Re
scinded.
FUSION TICKET
IS REMODELED
PARKS DECREES
GENERAL STRIKE
"I called the men in my father's shop
out as my union has first claim on my
duty," the latter declared.
CHICAGO. Oct. 7.— Five hundred glove
makers employed in four factories went
on strike to-day because the employers
refused to grant demands for Increased
wages and to renew an agreement that
expired September 21. It is said the em
ployers will close the-ir plants until the
employes are ready to return to work.
Among the manufacturers whose em
ployes were called out is Samuel R. Clex
ton Sr.. father of the president of the
Glove Makers' Union No. 4, Sam R. Clex
ton.
Manufacturer's Son Says Union Has
First Claim Upon Him.
CALLS OUT HIS FATHER'S MEN.
was appointed to open negotiations with
the Franklin Union of Press Feeders for
a settlement, and an agreement was
reached in a few minutes whereby the
Franklin feeders will return to work to
morrow in all the Typothetae offices ex
cepting those where girls are employed
to feed presses.
After this had been accomplished, a
committee of seven members of the Ty
pothetae was named to bring about a
complete eettlement. Members of the Ty
pothetae acknowledged themselves routed,
and laid the blame for the failure of the
lockout on the pressmen.
A few weeks after the flight of the lieu
tenant his consort disappeared, and with
her went the undertaker who had pre
pared the bodies of her brother and
adopted son for burial, so the contestants
say. Incidentally, she took with her the
undertaker's silverware; It is further al
leged—at least the latter's wife stated so
in her report to the pollce-j-that Mrs.
Hentner had robbed her of her husband.
The couple went to Germany, where it
was learned the undertaker died sudden
ly. Then Mrs. Hentner came to this city
and opened massage parlors.
The : lawyers claim to have learned that
after her arrival here she collected «bout
her a number of men and prevailed upon
them to insure their lives in her favor.
Whatever were her plans concerning
them, the lawyers say they were nipped
in the. bud by her meeting with Knauer
and the events that followed.
Mrs. Knauer has been cited to appear
before Judge Troutt on October 20 to ex
plain away, if she can, the charges made
by. the attorneys on. behalf of Emilie
Wilms and Marie Dorbritz, sisters of the
deceased, and Julius Knauer, a brother.
WINS THE UNDERTAKER.
Three days later the will was filed for
probate, was admitted and Mrs. Knauer
was appointed administratrix of the
estate. It was then that the relatives
sought the advice of attorneys. They re
tained Bishop, Wheeler & Hoeffler and
this firm started a long search for Mrs.
Knauer's antecedents. They had little
difficulty, for she was known in Chicago
as Mrs. Hentner. They learned, they
state in their petition, that the woman
has had a variety of names and a career
that would put to shame^ an adventuress
created ,by Laura Jean Libby. They
found, they aver, that she was married
years ago in Germany; that her husband
took his own life rather than face the
disgrace that followed her elopement
with a German army officer; that she
came to Chicago with the lieutenant and
after a few months was joined there by
her brother and an adopted son; that the
four were inseparable until death claimed
the brother and adopted son, who both
died suddenly, and when the lieutenant
learned that they had both insured their
lives In favor of his consort he fled.
FILES KNAUER'S WTLL^
A few days after making the will
Knauer became very sick. An operation
was suggested by his wife and he con
sented. It was performed on December
29, but before submitting himself to the
knife he added a codicil to his
will cutting out the baquest to
his relatives and giving x his en
tire estate to his wife. He was 73 years
of age when operated upon and the shock
was more than his enfeebled condition
would permit. His relatives heard of his
condition and sought to approach him.
but could not get past his wife, they say,
and in consequence, when he died, Janu
ary 11, they had not been able to make it
known to him that they still cared for
him. '
This was in July and August of last
year and in September they went to llv.3
in a flat at 1059 Page street. They were
married there, though she insisted that
she cared not for his name. Then the
eld man was taken ill, and she cared for
him. On the 13th of December he made
his will, leaving her half of his e-Uate.
the other half being bequeathed to his
brothers and sisters and several nephews
nnd nieces.
Such a tale of woe naturally affected
her patient, his relatives say. His lot
had not always been cast in pleasant
places. He also thought he needed sym
pathy and the loving care of such a
woman and readily agreed that they
should finish their days together, as sho
ruggested.
"I do not want to marry you," she is
alleged to have said. "I Just want to
be with you and care for you and !ove
you. Your money I do not want. 1 love
you for your grandeur of character
alone."
AROUSES SYMPATHY.
Strange indeed, is the tale of the last
few months of the life of the aged Ger
man. It appears from the petition of
those who claim to be entitled to the
wealth now in the possession of his widow
that he first met. her in July. 1902. He
went to her for massage treatment, being
led thither by an advertisement in a
newspaper. She gave him treatment, and
he returned- again and again. During
those visits she learned of his wealth
and, his relatives claim, planned to se
cure It. This was an easy task appar
ently, for the old man was in his dotage.
She told him she was from the father
land, that she had lived a life beset with
trials and troubles and had never for one
brief Instant known what it was to be
free from care. She had never known
what it was to be happy, she told him,
and she gave him bits of her history that
so worked upon the old man's feelings
that he readily gave her his pity. She
told him that only the year before she
had lost a dearly beloved husband and
that within a few months after his death
the idol of her heart, an adopted son,
had passed away. The* came the death
of her brother, she said. All this hao
pered in Chicago. She told him. that she
coulc? not remain longer there because
of her sad thoughts and came to the
far West to forget and to commence
arew her struggle for a livelihood.
TAXB A STRANGE ONE.
, In a will made by Ferdinand -Knauer,
a wealth:- German who died in this city
last January, he bequeathed his $C0,000
estate to Marie Knauer, his young widow.
The old man's disposition of his wealth
is not pleasing to his relatives and they
have come forward to contest the will.
In two petitions for a revocation of the
order, admitting the will to probate, filed
by them" yesterday, they allege that the
young widow is an adventuress, and that
her marriage to their aged relative and
subsequent procurement of a will giving
her his wealth was but one of many acts
that have, made her notorious on two
continents. They say that she Is the per
sonification of craftiness, skilled in her
alleged trade of enriching herself at the
expense of those who fall within her
clutches, and a woman who has in her
pursuit of riches and a life of ease paused
at nothing to attain her ends. In fact,
they try to make of her a woman who
has ruined homes, broken hearts a-plenty
and more than once shared in the wealth
of those who found themselves in her
power and who were unable to withstand
her blandishments and persuasive elo
quence.
: Dresser said he had heard that an im
portant envelope containing matter
needed in this suit had been missed from
the files of the Trust Company of the
Republic, but declared he had nothing
to do with the abstraction of those
papers- -^
Schwab, he said, obtained control of the
Ship Building 'Company by getting men
on the board friendly to the Schwab in
terests and getting rid of those opposed
to his interests.
After recess. Dresser said that Schwab
had told him he believed the Ship Build
ing Company had a great future and that
he would be willing to put- $2,000,000 more
I cash Into the business, if necessary.
j When the French underwriting money
did not materialize, Dresser appealed to
I Pam, .tcunsel for Schwab, mentioning
1 Schwab's 'promise and stating that unless
$2,500.0000 was forthcoming to make good
'.the French underwriting, the' Bethlehem
j Company, could not get through. Pam
' suggested they call on Perkins of Morgan
& Co., who agreed to, deposit the necessary
j amount in various institutions, though
not as a loan to the promoters. They
thus obtained $2,100,000. They pledged the
j security of the French underwriters and
¦ Lewis Nixon and he gave the notes,
dresser eaid only $27,000 was ever received
1 from the French underwriters out of the
$4,250,000 he had been assured would be
forthcoming. If. the French underwriters
had fulfilled their obligations there would
have been no trouble.
This was agreed to, the arrangement
also providing that he receive with the
bonds a stock bonus of $9,000,000 of the
common and preferred stock of the ship
building company, Schwab stating that
$2,000,000 of the stock was to go to J. P.
Morgan & Co.
When the contract was presented for
signature It was fo^-id to call for the
purchase by Dresser and Nixon person
ally of 99,800 shares of the Bethlehem
Company's stock from J. P. Morgan &
Co. for $7,246,781 cash, $2,500,000 in common
stock of the United States Shipbuilding
Company and an equal amount of the pre
ferred. Dresser said he obj^tPd to ob
ligating himself personally, but Schwab
explained that the deal would be carried
out that way and that on the day for
payment he. would provide the cash to
make the payment. Then Dresser and
Nixon were to hand the cash to Morgan
& Co.. who would hand over the Bethle
hem stock mentioned In the contract.
The deal was consummated on August
11. 1902, Schwab giving his personal check,
which was indorsed over to J. P. Morgan
& Co. For the stock of the Bethlehem
Company, Dresser said, there was really
given $10,000,000 in bonds. $9,000,000 in com
mon stock and $9,000,000 In preferred.
There was some talk of pooling the stock
of the shipbuilding company, . he said.
Schwab Insisting that all stock be held
until his and Mr. Morgan's had been put
on the market.
A paragraph was read from the agree
ment referring to the authority to sell
15,000 shares of the common and a like
amount of the preferred stock, and Dres
ser said he understood 250,000 shares of
the common and 200,000 shares of the pre
ferred stock of the shipbuilding company
were pooled with Harris, Gates & Co. '
HOW SCHWAB GOT CONTROL.
"We to!d him we could not trade on
any such basis," said Dresser, "because
we had no cash, and he said he would
take $10,000,000 in bonds at 90 for the
?9,000,000."
The purchase of the Bethlehem Steel
Works for the shipbuilding company was
then discussed. Dresser stating that the
overtures for the sale of the steel com
pany had been made by Charles M.
Schwab, who said he owned nearly all
the stock of the Bethlehem Steel Com
pany and that, because of its armor mak
ing capacity, he believed the company
would do better with the shipbuilding
company than with the United States
Steel Corporation.
Schwab, according to Dresser, said he
wanted $9,000,000 cash for this stock, and
submitted reports which showed that it
cost more than $7,000,000 and was earning
$1,450,000 a year.
Dresser identified a copy of the pros
pectus and it was admitted In evidence.
He said all the underwriting secured by
the Trust Company of the Republic was
obtained for the Mercantile Trust Com
pany. The response to the advertisement
for subscriptions was poor, he said, not
more than $000,000 of the bonds being ap
plied for In America.
Dresser said he had no written state
ment as to the value of the companies in
the corporation when he 'undertook the
underwriting, but Lewis Nixon and John
W. Young had made oral representations.
The Mercantile Trust Company, he was
told by Colonel McCook, secured the rest
of the underwriting, principally In
France. The Trust Company of the Re
public, Dresser said, had framed the
prospectus of June, 1902, offering the
bonds to the public, the trust company
taking the Information contained in it
from the firm of Alexander & Green,
counsel, and Rigdell & Common, account
ants, without investigating any state
ments made by them.
NO WRITTEN STATEMENT.
' Dresser, who took the sland at the
opening of the hearing, testified that he
was president of the Trust Company of
the Republic from its "organization, March
31, 1902, until March 4, 1903. He told of
the visit to him In April, 1902, of John J.
McCook, who . told him ' ¦ he came from
John W. Young and the Mercantile Trust
Company and asked The Trust Company
of the Republic to underwrite $3,000,000 of
the stock of the United States Shipbuild
ing Company, showing Dresser the un
derwriting agreement, which said that
$3,000,000 had been taken in London and
$3,000,00i) in France. The trust company
authorized him to get the underwriting,
which he did. Later he increased the un
derwriting to $4,750,000, at the request of
the promoters, because they said London
had failed to take the $3,000,000 it promised
to take.
Dresser also told of his original agree
ment as president of the Trust Company
of the Republic to obtain the underwrit
ing of J3,000,000 of United States Ship
building stock; how this was increased
to $4,750,000 by the failure of the French
subscribers to pay up; how Schwab came
to offer the Bethlehem works to the ship
building company, and how J. P. Morgan
& Co. then came into the' transaction.
NEW YORK, Oct. 7.— One of the most
Interesting revelations In connection with
the formation of the Ill-fated United
States Shipbuilding. Company was made
by D. Leroy Dresser In legal proceedings
to-day. He said that after a s pool of 200,
000 preferred and L'50,000 common stock
had been placed in the hands of Harris,
Gates & Co. It was agreed that none of
this stock should be marketed until 25,000
preferred and 23,000 common, owned by J.
P. Morgan & Co. and 73,000 of each kind
owned by C. M. . Schwab had first been
sold. i f: v
Charge Is Made That Young
Wife Used Undue Irfl.i
ence Over Him
Morgan and Schwab First
10 Dispose of Their
Stock.
Revelation as to the
Shipyard Combine's
Formation.
Contest of Will of Late
Ferdinand Knauer
Instituted.
RELATIVES
BEGIN FIGHT
FOR ESTATE
ORGANIZERS
SOON QUIT
THE TRUST
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL/, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1903.
3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
$«v ¦'<•; -v¥^J^S^i zP&- j h /% ft^CTiD^Yfi^I^ ' 13 fit^l^iir^aQl (f^ifisfu^i •TBflitfl'i
J^f^s^Ws^^P/ To clcsiis© tos I viiions or con** i
ir'V- - 3||\ sysi*em, J stipated; I
§ ili^S \ EffeckiraHy i For men, women J
1 'wl^W' ? an * ent '* y; \ and chlldreia; I
$k plftliy There is only \ Acts best* on /
W S0^M? one Genuine J the kidneys . I
||m||||||| SympofFigs; \ and liver I
to get its bene- I stomach and j
Ks Hit. ficiol effects bowels: I
SffljSftS^stiiSi* Always buy t.he genuine — Manufactured by the I
|/|| LiwIviUe, Ky Swv Francisco, Cal. /fewftrMtX 1
1^ Trut g-enuine Syrup of Figs is for sale by all first-class drug-gists. The /
i\ l * uH name oi the company — California Fig Syrup Co.— is always 3
Hi printed on the front of every package. Price Fifty Cents per bottle.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
U. S. PENSION OFFICE
Says: "I Have Often Prescribed Peruna
in My Practice. I Cheerfully
Recommend It"
" y£ i
; DR. JAMES CROZIER. ?
(i James Crozler. M. D.. formerly JJ. S. Pension Office Medical Examiner. •
ii formerly Medical Koard of Referee U. S. Pension Office, m a letter from »
« Washington. D. C. says: I
W "I have often prescribed Peruna in my practice for catarrhal \\
| troubles, and after giving it a fair test I can cheerfully recommend \\
\\ your valuable remedy for cough, colds and catarrh in its worst '¦
;; stages. It is also one of the best tonics I have ever prescribed." — J
? James Crozier, M. D. •
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A New Management
Red Blood for
An Old Magazine
I ' | SEE THE
15 October
I Overland
[jj Monthly
¦Western in flavor, but not *n emigration
document. Several strong short stories.
Readable descriptive matter. Interesting
from cover to cover.
AN ARROW j||b^
. >^ANTAB- M A"
h f MADE IN QUARTER SIZES
J*£ 15 CTS .EACH OR TWO FOR 25 CTS.
fii^CLUETT, PEABOOY A CO., M*«»«
For Stortiach Disorders
Cout and Dvsoepsla
DRINK ' ,
Best NATURAL Alkaline Water.
A. VIGNIES CO., San Pranclaco.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTEB3. THM
Great Mexican Remedy; rlvea health and
»trenirth to »exual orrans. Depot. 323 Market
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Price Lists Mallei
on Application.
PEESH AND SAX.T MEATS.
I*C RflVFQ * Cfi shJ PP to « Butchers, 10*
JAj. DUiCJ tt VU« Pay. T»L iUln 13»4.
LUBRICATING OILS: LEONARD A KT.T.M»
4IS Front St.. S. F. Pbon* Mala 171*.
TSXSTISQ.
EC HUGHES, mS^^
ADVEBTTSEMENTS.
C^Ksj f w3w*3m I l \^\ \ iS$c9 1 M|9n9
CHOOSE BETWEEN THEM—
Inferior, or Indifferent laundry work
• nd the first-class kind. The latter finds
<»a!ly exemplification under our sign— of
th» former we prefer to know nothing.
It's not only soap and water and starcn
srid bluing and muscle— It's the "know
how." We claim, justly, to possess all
these materials and qualifications for
'¦ m turning out laundry work of the first
" grade.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
. crncE ioo4 zaeket stheet,
Near PoweJL
Not Hungry
.tthrn you he means disordered
"jjcrws. which, will lead to nervous
prcxiratirtn Dr Miles' Nervine is
guaranteed to benefit you or money
refunded. Book on nerves sent free.
«'« Via:< Mroir*L Co.. Eakbart. lad.
No man will be poorer at
Christmas for buying Schil-
ling's Eest instead of the usual
,•* cheap" stuff.
Your grocer's; money back.LOS ANGELES. Oct. 7.— John Kelly.
George Evans and Jose Vasques. who
were fatally Injured in the wreck of a
Southern Pacific work train at Chats
worth Park Monday, are hanging on to
life tenaciously at the Sisters' Hospital.
Train Wreck Victims Are Still Alive
FRESNO. Oct. 7.-The jury in the Rob
erts vs. the Fresno Democrat 175,000 libel
case was discharged by Judge Conley at
Madera this afternoon. No verdict was
reached. The Jury stood 6 to 6. The case
was submitted at 8 o'clock Tuesday night.
Libel Case Jury Is Discharged.
REDDING, Oct. 7.— Patrick Gibney, an
aged resident of San Francisco, who came
here on business connected with mining
property he owns near Igo, had an en
counter yesterday with an angry cow.
Gibney came across a farmer engaged In
assisting '- her feet a cow that had
fallen and could not get up. Gibney stop
ped to watch the operation. Once on her
feet the cow gave an angry bellow and
charged Gibney. She tossed him over and
then trampled on him. Gibney received
numerous severe bruises.
drag the wounded man to his feet.
Noting Dodson's condition, Smithson as
sisted in, carrying him Into the: house.
Physicians report that the wound is a
serious one and they have little hope of
Dodson's recovery. • ,
Attacked by an Angry Cow.
Thinking that Dodson had tumbled,
Smithson ran forward, attempting to
SAN BERNARDINO, Oct. 7. — Charles
Dodson, a barber who has made his home
in this city for the past twelve years,
was shot by Officer John Smithson of tho
San Bernardino police force this evening;
and probably will die from his wound.
Dodson was trying to escape arrest when
shot. He Us at the home of his mother,
in Harris alley. He is shot through the
left lung and his ante-mortem statement
has been taken by 'District Attorney
Sprecher.
Shortly before 6 p. m. Officers Smithson
and Ketring were called to West Third
street to stop a fist fight. They arrested
John Ross and Charles Hudson, two of
the peace disturbers. The third offender,
Charles Dodson, broke and ran, regard
less of Smithson's order for him to halt.
The officer gave chase, and, drawing his
revolver, fired. According to Smithson's
story, he fired 'tt shot into the air and
closely followed It by another. As Dod
eon did not halt, Smithson fired a third
time, at which Dodson fell to the street
wounded through the body. He had
reached a point In front of his mother's
house when he fell, and his mother was
one of the first to run to his assistance
in answer to his cry, "Mother, I am
shot." • ;
Special Dttpatch to The Call
San Bernardino Barber
Receives a Bullet
in the Lung.
OFFICER SHOOTS
PEACE DISTURBER
EUREKA, Oct. 7.— A Coroner's jury
called last evening to inquire into the
death of Charles Lowe, one of the vic
tims of the wreck on the San Francisco
and Northwestern road near Fortuna
Monday morning failed to fix the blame.
The testimony showed that the wreck
was due to a misunderstanding of the
orders and rules of the company. The
crew of the train interpreted the rules
one way and the trainmaster in another.
Jury Fails to Fix the Blame.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind.. Oct. 7.— The Na
tional Photo Engravers' Convention to
day elected the following officers: Presi
dent, Louis Flader. St. Louis; vice presi
dent, F. J. Griffith, San Francisco; secre
tary-treasurer, H. C. Guedbransen,
Cleveland.
Photo Engravers Elect Officers.
'Waste, extravagance sad incompetence
will accompany tae management of the
Geary-itreet road if it is placed under
municipal control. Por this reaion you
should vote ag-ainst tho icaeme to-day.
WASHINGTON'. Oct. -.-Attorney Gtri
*-ral Knox had a conference to-day \*ith
th<? President, at which it wats decio>. ; . io
appoint William R. Pcpe Associate Jus
tice of the Supreme Court of New Mexico.
Pope was ppecial counsel for the •Gov
ernment in th« consider ition of private
land claims and of Philippine land cas^s
and was strongly recommended by the
Attorney General. The vacancy to be
filled by the appointment was created
sfveral months ago by the removal of
George McMillan of Buffalo.
New Justice for Arizona.
Only S1.00
for th« rouni trip en Sunday to I^agunit&t
Camp Taylor. Tocalorr.a end Point R*yee. I
~« • tfc*- Tnr-tt f-r.yjy&b'.t trip near San Fran
cinco. Trt:ns at S and 10 a. m. Infcrmatlor
»t OJ Market street. •
TOPEKA. Kans., Oct. 7.— Allan Shafer.
one of the State's chief witnesses in the
Dewey murder case, was fired at by
masked men and one of the bullets passed
through his arm, inflicting a dangerous
wound. Shafer was on his way from
Rawllns County this week to Byrd City,
In Cheyenne County, when the attempted
assassination took place.
Witness Shot From Ambush.
In his opening statement, Attorney
Byron Waters, -for the contestant,
avowed that the testimony he would in
troduce, revolting as it might be, would
prove conclusively that Lloyd was a
moral pervert, and absolutely insane from
his excesses when he made the will cut
ting his eldest son off. 'He said he would
prove this fact by the incestuous rela
tions which he forced upon his own
nieces, by his belief that his son Freder
ick was himself a pervert and a worth-
When court was convened yesterday
morning airs. C. K. Lloyd, the widow of
the capitalist, deeply veiled, took a seat
behind her attorneys to listen to the tes
timony Introduced. . With her were her
son. Captain C. R. Lloyd Jr.. U. S. A.,
and Miss Helen Wilkinson, the former
housekeeper of the Lloyd family, whose
name has also been dragged into the
scandal by the confessions of the nieces.
Frederick W. Lloyd, disinherited by his
father and ostracized by his family, sat
apart, never once turning his : eyes to
those of his mother or brother.
REVOLTING TESTIMONY.
had bten made the victim of a perfidious
blackmailing scheme at the hands of his
son Frederick and his nieces, the Boxall
girls. He branded Frederick as an in
grate end a monster and vehemently as
serted that by irreconcilable conflicts in
the testimony of the two nieces he could
demonstrate that their story was a mali
cious fabrication, compounded for the
purpose of wringing money from their
uncle.
Garland is accused of having misrepre
sented the actual value of the Crocker
property, at the corner of Sixth and Main
streets, and of finally manipulating its
sale for $25,000, so that later it became the
property of his father-in-law, who was
enabled to sell It at a greatly advanced
figure. In answer to the allegations of
the plaintiffs, Garland to-day contended
that he had tried repeatedly to sell the
property for $30,000, but could not obtain
even $25,000 for it; that the plaintiffs
knew the value of the property at that
time and that they had signified their
willingness to sell at the price which he
obtained.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 7.— William M.
Garland, the defendant in a $50,000 dam
age suit, brought against him by H. J.
Crocker and others of Ran Francisco, was
recalled to the witness stand when the
case was resumed In Judge Conrey's
court to-day.
Denies Having Misrepresented Value
of Crocker Property Situated
in Los Angeles.
GARLAND SAYS THE SALE
WAS MADE IN GOOD FAITH
his son, therefore, laid the case before
two Masons, Frith and Johnson, trusting
that these men would see Justice done
upon his father, also a Mason. Still Lloyd
wag obdurate, according to the statement
of Attorney Waters, and William Box
all was summoned from Santa Barbara.
Leaving Boxall and Horace Little, a
brother-in-law of Boxall, to prevent the
escape of Lloyd, Frederick took the train
to Berkeley to rescue his 15-year-old sis
ter, Kthel, from the clutches of a man
whom he thought to be a monster.
ASXS SON'S AKREST.
It was at this juncture that Lloyd Sr.
managed to get a telegTam to Marshal
Kerns of Berkeley, warning him to de
tain Frederick as one mentally unbal
anced. Upon the same night, while he
was virtually under the muzzle of Box
all's and Little's revolvers, Lloyd think
ing that he saw a chance to escape, made
the break for liberty, only to fall with a
pistol ball from Boxall's gun in bis back.
The larger part of the afternoon was
devoted to the reading of the deposition
of Margaret Boxall, most of which Is of
a character to forbid publication. It re
cited how their uncle had obtained a
power over the girls through his support
of themselves and their family and de
tailed how he used this advantage to
force them into unlawful relations with
him for years. Xot only did the amours
of the uncle extend to them, but several
other young women. Including a female
Japanese servant, are cited In. Margaret
Boxall's excoriation of her uncle.
The case will be resumed to-morrow.
CONTESTANT OF DECEASED CAPITALIST'S WILL. HIS ATTORNEY
MAKING OPENING STATEMENT TO THE JURY, AND LEADING
COUNSEL FOR PROPONENTS OF THE DISPUTED TESTAMENT.
SIOUX CITY. Iowa. Oct. 7.-Thomas F.
Ward, vice president of the Lernars Na
tional Bank, who pleaded guilty to «.u
bezz:«rm*>r.t In the sum cf $13,000. was tc
cay sentencc-d to pay & fine cf $12,000 and
to ftav in jail until the amount Is paid.
Lete-r it was discovered that the sentence
g!\-«n Ward will amount to his serving
Just thirty day* in jail. There is a specie!
statute providing that when a convict is
subjected to a fine which he cannot pay
he may go before a United States Com
rciEfiontr. after serving thirty days, show
that he has not property subject to txe
cuilon In excess of $1\» and obtain a legal
discharge.
Embezzler Plays in Luck
HONOLULU, Oct. 7. 11:30 a. m.— The
volcano of Mauna Loa on the island of Ha
waii Is again In a state of activity. The
eruption began yesterday noon and was
reported here to-day. When the ship
Ormphy from Newcastle 'passed the isl
and of Hawaii yesterday from the sum
mit of the crater a vast column of smoke
with fire below ascended. The appear
ance of the lava flow at Kilauea is normal
with mild activity.
Appearance of Lava Flow of Kilauea
Is Normal, With Mild
Activity.
VOLCANO OF MAUNA LOA
EMITS SMOKE A2TD FIRE
The acquisition cf the Geary-street
railway by the city wcnld be th« enter
iaar ¦wefi.gre cf socialism, the most daa
g-erous taeaj cf Americas prosperity.
Ton should Tcte against the scheme to
day.
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 7.— The details of an
expedition to Patagonia to enlist the co
operation of the chief of the Tehuelche
Indian tribe— known since the time of Ma
gellan as. the most gigantic people in the
world— has been arranged by Dr! W. J.
McGee, chief of the Department of An
thropology, in the course of a recent trip
to Pittsburg and Washington. The in
dications are that Chief Mulato will come
to the World's Fair with his family, in
cluding his son-in-law, and that another
group of heroic stature will accompany
him.
Giant Indian May Attend Fair.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 7.— John Decker of
Norwich, Conn., who evidently Is a me
chanic, about 44 years of age\ entered the
White House soon after the doors were
opened this morning. The officials thought
from his actions that he was a crank and
arrested him. He was not armed and
made no resistance when placed under ar
rest. He was turned over to the police
authorities.
Decker was examined later In the day,
pronounced Insane and was removed to
the Insane asylum.
NORWICH, Conn., Oct. 7.— John Deck
er, who Is supposed to be the man under
arrest in Washington, has been employed
for the last two years at the factory of
the Thames Arms Company. He is un
married. At the office of the factory it
was eald that Decker came there yester
day morning, dressed in his Sunday
clothes, and announced that he wanted to
give up his Job, saying he was going
away. He was paid off and left. As far
as has been learned he said nothing about
where he was going. The manager of the
Thames Arms Company says that while
Decker was peculiar and was not consid
ered particularly bright mentally, he
never showed any signs of violence.
John Decker, Employe of Thames
Arms Company, Arouses Sus
picion of the Officials.
STRANGER IS ARRESTED
BY WHITE HOUSE GUARDS
On January 31 Boxall, the nephew of
Lloyd, shot the capitalist in his own
home, the Shacks, in San Bernardino
County. He claimed that he was aveng
ing the wrong done his two sisters, Nes
tor and Margaret Boxall, by their uncle.
They had confessed to him and to Fred
erick W. Lloyd, according to the state
ments of both young men, that since
June. 1S%, their own uncle had from time
to time forced them, on the peril of with
drawing his financial support both from
tnem and the-ir family, to suffer out
rageous treatment at his hands.
After hovering between l!fe and death
for weeks, the man whom Boxall had se
verely wounded recovered. His first step
was to draw ud a new will. In which his
eldest son, Frederick W. Lloyd, was cut
off without a penny. Then, while en
route to the Orient in June last, L'.oyd
was stricken with heart failure "and died
on the steamer. It Is in the endeavor to
prevent th!s laBt will of his father from
going to probate that Lloyd, the eon, has
introduced the suit.
In answer to the heinous charges which
have been brought against the memory of
the father by the ton. W. S. 1 Goodfellow,
one of the attorneys for the beneficiaries,
declared in his opening statement yester
day that the former Berkeley capitalist
there r^sts the tremendous re
5pcr.?ibility of determining the truth or
faSsjty of a most heinous charge brought
against the memory of the late capitalist
Charles R. Lloyd by his own Eon, Fred
erick W. Lloyd. Their decision will prove
that the man who is now molderir.g in
his tomb was either the most hideous
moral degenerate since the days cf Em
peror Caracalia or that he was a kind
hearted philanthropist, whose character
was blackened and death hastened by the
machinations of a plot of which his eldest
sen was the prime instigator and most
relentless conspirator.
In the preliminary statements by attor
neys and the unfinished reading of the
deposition of one absent witness to-day
it was developed that in the suit brought
by Frederick W. Lloyd \o annul the last
testament of his father all of the hidden
mysteries surrounding the shooting of
Charles R. Lloyd by William Boxall. his
nephew, at San Bernardino, on January
31 last, are to be revealed. In fact, im
portant revelations were made before the
court which show the animus of the
shooting in a light heretofore only partly
disclosed, and which, if proven true by
subsequent testimony, will demonstrate
the truth that Boxall's bullets were Justly
BLACKMA3X CHAEGED.
OAKLAND, Oct. 7.— With twelve
men in the jury box of Judge
Hall's department of the Supe
rior Court of Alameda County
A. K. Flower, formerly a street car
conductor in Columbus, testified that in
1'jC! Gor.zal*-* and three other men were
ridir.g oo his car. • He said that when he
was collecting fares the-y wtre discussing
politic* and that he heard Gor.zaks ?ay if
TiHman was elected he wouid never be
Eea:»<5 The witness addfd that he heard
Goi:ra!'F ray he would "kill the rascal."
On crcf?-<xeir.itjation the witness said
he had r,ot told cf this until two months
ago. and paid that he- first wrote it to the
dfif ncar.t.
Ed:tcriels from the Columbia State re
ferring to the defendant were read by
cour.se! for the deftr.fe and offered In evi
dence-. The court in ruling upon a point
In controversy stated to the jury that the
purpesf- for which the editorial* were be
ing read to the jury was to show the feel
ings that existed between the defendant
and Gor.ra!fs.
Tfc* f.rft witn*** cal ; ed by the defense
was T. D. Mitchell, who Hv/h3 In Colum
bia in I9CZ. He t*5tif.*d that be had a
cor.vfrratir.n with Gonzaks relative to
Tilirr.fer.. r*<~!tJrg what he stared Gcn
zai'E paiti concerning the defendant. The
witnws F-aid among other things:
"He B&'ii: 'I can «lap his face and he
wou:d not rr»tnt it.' and he said. "If he
ever hats kis ryes at me I'll fill him so
full of !eed that he will n«ver tote it
off.' "
The witn*FS caid that he subsequently
told TiHman what he stated Gor.za!es
said to him. On cress-examination he
*ai(3 he forced the conversation on Gcn
raks
LEXINGTON. S. C. Oct. ".-The <!e
fente in the case of James R. Till man
entered up<yi the presentation cf He case
to-dcy. Solicitor General Thurmond an
cour.ced when the trial was return*^ that
the prosecution had no further evidence
and ntiM r*st. Nlr.e witnesses fcr the
cefer.se were beard. It Is estimated that
the deferre will consume the remainder
cf the week with its witnesses. Juror
Sharp*, who has betn sick for the past
thr«*e <Jay#. was etre to take- h;s feat to
day.
Ccuntc-1 fcr the defendant first renewed
tbe motion made early In the trial that
the court Instrucj the jury to disregard
all testimony given by w!tn«>s«-s for the
State skewing a weapon In the possession
cf the defendant prlcr to the shooting.
Tr« court ruled the testimony to be com
peted.
The suits attracted wide attention
here, and had they been successful it is
probable that additional suits would
have been filed against various flfms
here. /
The declination of Commissioner Sar
gent to institute proceedings against
Bishop did not, however, prevent indi
viduals from commencing action, and on
the refusal of C. Brewer & Co. to pay
$113,000, the amount of the penalty, suit
was commenced by Berger for the
amount. The law provides that the en
tire penalty recovered through action in
the courts goes to the individual bring
ing the suit. Berger 13 a young man. Just
past his majority, and it is believed that
he acted for a syndicate which had com
plete knowledge of the operations in
volved in the importation of Korean la
borers by C. Brewer & Co.
When Commissioner of Immigration
Sargent -visited Honolulu he made a
thorough investigation into the matter of
the Importation of the Koreans and to
gether with United States District Attor
ney R. X. Breckons decided that the firm
of C. Brewer & Co. had acted In good
faith, and that there had been no viola
tion of the statute, and therefore de
clined to prosecute In behalf of the United
States.
HONOLULU. Oct. 7.— The 113 suits filed
by Frederick Berger against B. Faxon
Bishop, secretary of the. firm of C. Brewer
& Co., for alleged violation of the United
States Immigration laws, in encouraging
Koreans to come hither to work as plan
tation laborers, have been withdrawn.
Each of the 113 suits filed against Bishop
by Berger involved $1000. A decision of
Judge Estee, sustaining the demurrer of
the defendant, is regarded as a final set
tlement of the matter. The defendant has
agreed to pay the costs of the * suits,
amounting to $1400.
The suits resulted from, a visit to Korea
made by Bishop in the interests of a
large number of planters. He succeeded
in securing a large number of Koreans
and they were brought to Hawaii to work
in the sugar fields. Before departing for
Korea Bishop fortified himself with writ
ten instructions from the United States
Treasury Department bearing on the
matter of the Importation of foreigners.
The law governing the case, however,
wag amended by the last Congress and
Brewer & Co. were notified that the for
mer instructions did not apply under the
new law, whereupon the firm discon
tinued its efforts to attract Koreans
hither.
.nuir-iFslons to sick report from alcoholism
in 11>"2 were sllg-htly in excess of the num
ber {including volunteers) for 1001. A total
cumber of 1S30 cases, equivalent to 22. C5 per
thourar.-l of strength, occurred. It is impos
sible not to attribute a large part of the
steadily increasing disease of the army to the
loss of the canteen, where the soldier, if he
so desired, could set his beer throughout the
month, but was not subjected to the tempta
tions to lntemiierance and vice now attendant
upon the expenditure of a full month's pay at
the low resorts infesting the outskirts of our
mllitarr reservations.
A slirht diminution of Insanity occurred In
the army during 16f>2. There were 13S new
cases, equivalent to the admission rate of 1.71
per thousand which Is almost identical with
the rate for the decade 1S91 to 190i>.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 7.— An Increase in
the death rate in the Army In the Philip
pines' from 13.93 |vr 1000 In 1»M to 1*<5 P* r
1000 in 1902 Is shown in the annual report
of Surgeon General Ft. M. OUrllly for the
fiscal year ending June 30. This Increase
is attributed. to cholera, which caused 3i4
deaths per 1000. A slight improvement
shows In the admission rate for disease
and Injury which declined from 1791.53 \*r
1000 in 1901 to 1716.51 per 1000 in 1902. Dis
cussing other features of the health of the
army. Surgeon O'Rollly's report says:
The enrollment of about ftOOO native Filipino
scouts having atMerf a nfw racial element to
the army It becomes a matter of much interest
to study the comparative effect* of dlnoase on
them and on our white anrt colored troars.
For the whole army, at home and abroad, dur
ing the rear 1902 the whlt» troops showed an
admission rate of 1706.33 per thoutand and a
death rate of 14.40. The nerro trcoD* had
1897.74 admissions and 24.11 deaths p*r thou
sand aafl the Malay scout* 1707. SI sdmlislons
and 24.04 deaths per thousand. The white
race, therefore, save the lowest n«ure» In *»<•*
ness and much the lowest mortality. The
black race led In both, although the Malay
closely approached It in death rate.
The freedom of KUlplnos from the vice of
drunkenness Is strikingly shown when we find
that out of 5000 men only three individuals
were treated for alcoholism in on* year, and
that while white soldiers were admitted to
sick rer>ort on account of their own miscon
duct In the use of alcohol at the rate of 24.78
per thousand, and colored troops at the rate
of 11.70. the Malay scouts showed the ex
tremely small admission rate of .c2 per thou
sand. /
Tillmm's Counsel Begins
Presentation of
Evidence.
Annual Roport Shows Rav
agos of Dtaoaso to Be
Increasing.
less man and by his constant hallucina
tion that his son was insane and desirous
of becoming a patricide.
Waters said It was on December 20
that Frederick discovered the unlawful
conduct of his father toward his cousins.
He accused Margaret, the younger of the
two girls, with the evidences which he
himself had Been and she made to him the
confession which brought matters to a
climax. Hoping to bring this shocking
state of affairs to a close and yet avoid
the scandal of publicity, young LJoyd
took Margaret and Nestor Boxall to an
attorney, where Margaret swore to a
complainv charging her uncle with incest
and demanding $15,000 damages.
Lloyd refused, however, to compromise
the matter or hush It up In any way, and
Immigration Law Is Not
Broken in Importation
of Koreans.
"I'll Fill H:m Full of
Lead," Gonzales
Declared.
Surgeon General Com
ments on Army
Death Rate.
Honolulu Firm's Action
Held to Be in Good
Faith.
Case in Which Memory of Dead Capitalist Is Assailed by His
Own Son and Family Name Is Dragged to the Depths Begins
Loathsome Course Across Pages of Alameda Court History
EDITOR'S THREAT
TOLD IN COURT
BERGER SUITS
ARE WITHDRAWN
CANTEEN'S LOSS
INCREASES VICE
COUNSEL MAKE STRONG STATEMENTS
AT OPENING OF LLOYD WILL CONTEST
THE SAN FR A SCI SCO CALL, THURSDAY. OOTOBEIl 8, 1003.
4
ADVERTISEMENTS.
§A Reason-
able Fee
When I've
Cured Yoa
Men's
0. C. JOSLEN, M. D. TlfCP^CPC
The Leading Specialist JL/lOWdOViJ
IF YOU ARE AFFLICTED WITH
any ailment peculiar to men, wouldn't
you prefer to have a physician treat
you 'who has- cured thousands of cases
exactly like your own? This Is the
kind of experience I offer. I know all
about men's diseases, know exactly
how to treat them, and you do not
need to pay me until I havy cured you.
Copyrighted Pamphlet Free. Consul-
tation Free. Colored Chart of the
organs free, too. HOME TREAT-
MENT IS ALWAYS CERTAIN AND
SATISFACTORY.
DR.O.C. JOSLEN,
Corner Market and Kearny Streets.
Private Entrance.- 702 Market Street.
Q visit DR. JORDAN'S great 6
4MUSEUM OF ANATOMY?
0 9 lC61KAEUTBT.l«t.6!b*7a,3.r.C»l. A
\ Qr The LarrestAaatemiekl Mucnnia the \
Q jiiJVJ. Wof Id. We*kaeu«* U io r comraaeti A
1. US? fVi ? !s «" e »«««««»'«7 e»rt>4 h 7 the oldest T
Q IgSI Speci.lntontheCout. EsL^ r eaiL ©
A il*W9& DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN A
\ wtlfkbn Consultation fret *ni itrictly printe. \
0 i JaiCB Treatment perjonilly or by letter. A^
fl V <j| .*»«»(«« Curt in erery case undertiken. T
A P It 11 fl> Write for Book. FaiLttltOf ay.f X
Y* m I 1 * B»»»i*6B, MAILED rtEI. (Af
\, ft »»lu*ble book for Bra) - . , \
f OB. Joni» A> * CO.. 1051 Market Ht . 3. T. f
ADVERTISEMENTS.
B B. KATSGHfNSKI I
l\ Philadelphia Shoe Co. «]
I fO THIRD STREET, SAN FRANCISCO. 1
SJ Adjoining: Call Building-. If
I Keynote of Success I
I Is a Good Reputation I
p| In these days of keen competi- j|
I] tion the merchant whose word for H
»j honesty and square dealing has m
14 never been doubted is the man who a
i m does the business. The people H
M know him, trust him and trade H
y with him. For twenty-two years ¦
*! we have sold shoes in this city, ft
£1 and It has always been our aim H
M and object to sell goods on their n
H merits. We never deceive the pub- M
»j lie and h«re is a sample of our H
H good shoes: The latest up-to-date B
M style of Ladles' Vlcl Kid Lace M
H Shoes, with mat kid tops, straight H
a vamps, plain coin toes without tips. OH
Ra hand welted soles and Cuban heels. ]1
H THE PRICE. ONLY gt2.,%O. Sold I!
9 elsewhere for J3.00 and $3.50. ii
M Sizes 3 to 7H. widths AA to E. f|
Shine Your Own Shoes I
No home can afford to be without I'
a brush and polish. This week a 8
special bargain for men. women ¦
and children. A fine reversible H
felt po!i3her and box of pasta H
I blacking sold together FOR i:Oc. H
RUBBERS I
Child's sizes. S»-i to 11 25e H
Misses' sizes. Uh* to 2 3Oc If
Ladies' sizes. 24 to S J?5c d
Men's sizes, 5H to 12 5Oc H
B. KATSCHINSKli
Philadelphia Shoe Co. A
10 THISD ST., San 7ranel*co. B
OCEAN TRAVEL,
eStean-.ers leave Saa Praa-
cisco as follows:
For Ketchikan. WranKel.
Juneau. Haines. Skagway.
*-t.-.. Ala«jta — 11 *. m.. Oct.
Change to company's steam-
er? at Seattle.
For Victoria. Vancouver.
Port Townsend. Seattle. Ta.
coma, Everett. "Whatcom — 11 a. m. Oct. 8. 1?.
19. 23. 2S. Nov. 3. Chan re at Seattle t»
this company's steamers for Alaska aad vJ. X.
R.y. : at Ssattie or Tacoma to X. P. Ry. ; ax
Vancouver to C. "P. Ky.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona. 1:30
p. m. t Oct. 13. 19. 23. 31. Nov. 6: Corona. 1:3*>
p. m.. Oct. 10, lfi. 22. 2S. Nov. 3.
For Los Anzeles (via Port Los Angeles ar.-J
Redcndo), San Diego and Santa Barbara-
Santa Rosa. Sundays, 9 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays. 9 a. ra.
For Loa Angeles (vta San Pedro and Eaxt
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa. Cruz. Mon-
terey. San Simeon. Cayucos, Port Harford (Saa
Luia Obispo), Ventura and Hu«nem«.
Coos Bay, 0 a. in.. Oct. 8. 1«. 24. Xov. I.
Bonlta, 8 a. m.. Oct. 12. 20. 28. Sov. 5.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Josa del
Cabo. Mazat'.an. Altata. 1a Paz. Santa. Ro-
salia. Guayrr.aa (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th of *ac!i
month.
For farther ta formation obtain folder.
Right is reserved to change steamers or sail-
Inir dates.
TICKET OFFICES — 4 "Sew Montgom-
ery street <Pa!ac« Hotel), 10 Market street anl
Broadway wharf.
Freight office, 10 Markst str««t.
C. D. DUNAXX. General Passenger. Agrat.
10 Market street. San Fraactsco.
O. /?. & N. CO.
"Columbia" sails Oct 10. 20, 30. Nov. 9, 1»,
29. "George "W". Elder" sails Oct. 8. 15. 25.
Nov. 4. 14. 24. Only steamship line to PORT-
LASD, OR., and short rail line from Portland
to all points East. Through tickets to all
points, all rail or steamship and rail at JUOW-
E3T RATES. Steamer tickets Include b«rtl»
and iseals. Steamer sails foot of 3pear st. ac
11 a. m. S. F. BOOTH. Gen. A(rt. Pass. D«rpt..
1 Montgomery st. : C. CLIFFORD, Gea. Agt.
Freight Dept.. 3 Montffoin«ry «t.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW TOBK-SOCTHAMPTON— LOXDO*.
Phlla..Oct- 14. 10 aralX. York. Oct 29. 10 am
St. Louls.Oct. 21. 10 am.'Phila Xot 4 10 am
?T&AHTXO TBAXSPOXT UQTE.
Hour Tori — LonCoa Direct.
Ma.iaba.. .Oct. 10, 9 amjMtneap'Ia.Oct. 24. 8 asi
Mn'fka-Oct. 17,1 :30pm! Minn' ha. Oct. 81,l:S0pa
Only F!rst-clas» Passentcers Carried.
soMiszoxr xaxns.
Borton— Queenstowa— 1.1-grsrpool.
Mayflower Oct. 8(Xew EngUnd...Oct 29
Columbas(n«-w).Oct. l.">! Mayflower Not S
Common wealth. Oct. 22;Coltnn!ms Jfov 13
Montreal — Liverpool — Short sea passasr*
Dominica Oct. 10 Canada Oct. 31
8outhwark..«. Oct 17tSouthwark Nor. T
Moa Meditsrranean wr^t
AZORES— GIBRALTAR— NAPLES— GENOA.
Vancouver Sat. Oct. 10 JTor a
Cambrcmaa Sat. OcC 31
BED STAB XOJTS.
Sew York — Antwerp — Paris.
Flnland..Oct. 10. 10 am|Kroon'ld..Oct. 24.10 aa
Vad'laad.Oct. 17.10 am! Zealand. Oct. 31. 10 am
W1UT1! 8TAS XJOTB.
X7«w Tork — Queenstowa — Itircrooel.
6ania«r "Wednesdays and Fridays
Cedrlc Oct. 0. 7 amlCelUc. .Oct. 16. 1:30 nm
Armenian. Oct. 13,10an» Oceanic. .Oct. 21 * ata
Majestic. Oct. 14. noon! Cymric. Oct. 23! 7 «m
C D. TAYLOR. Passenger Airant Pacific Coa»t
21 Post «t., San Fraaclsco.
OceanieS.s.co^,£«:
S.S. VENTURA, for Honolulu, Samoa Auck-
land and Sydney. Thursday. Oct. 8. 2 n nv.
S.S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Oct. 17. U*£. ra
as. MARTPOSA, for Tahiti. Oct. 28, 11 a. m.'
u.i?!EsnutBns.n^ifi..rxtit3aB,B4]iirtta
C0XPAB5IS eE5XSALZ TSASSATiaSTIQUX.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. _gntt.
Sailinit every Thursday instead of
Saturday, at 10 a. ra.. from I']*r 42, <»«aCS£."
North River, foot of Morton street.
First-class to Havre, *7O and upward. Sec-
ond-class to Havre. $45 and upward GEV
ERAL, AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AVD
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson Build'in'*.
New York. J. F. FVCJAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents, a Montromery avenue. San Francisco
Tickets scld by all nallroad Ticket Ag»nts." '
Mare lalaaa aad VaUojo Sttamexa.
Steamer GEN. FRISBIE or MOVTICFI LO-
OMS a. m 3:15 and «:SO p. m.. ««pt fun^7
Sunday. ?:45a. m.. 9:3O p. m. Leave Vallew'.
7 a. m., 12:oO noon. 6 p. m.. ex. Sunday. Sun-
t?L' n ivi n -« ;I} , p ;, B ' Far *- M cent «- T "-
BRO3. ?" Mlsslonst - *>c*. HATCH
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
KEEP YOUB HEAD TJNCO VEBED.
Tho Constant "Wearing' of a Hat
Propagates Dandruff Germs.
There are many men who wear their
hats practically all the time when awake.
and are blessed with \ a heavy shock cf
hair; yet if the scalps of these same men
once became infested with dandruff germs
the parasites would multiply all the quick-
er for lack of air. Baldness would ensue !
as the final result. Newbro's Herplcide .'
kills these germs and stimulates un- i
healthy Hair to abundant growth. Her- I
picide is a pleasant hair dressing as well
as a dandruff cure and. contains not an!
atom of injurious substance. Sold by !
leading druggists. Send 10c in stamps for i
sample to The Herpicide Co., Detroit,
Mich.
f GIVES A^N
SUPERIOR jrl |
> EYE <f\
GLASS y*.
Service at Moderate Cost. *.
Quick Repairing.
Factory on Premises. *
'MarkexSx
jugfi^&zJI MENANDWQMEFf.
«£fR2jrCCB£g^bO Cm Bi* «J for nanat»r»l
iflBjfjy «- ik( *«t^\3 diichargcB.lnSammatioDa.
BBSS OuiuM «J . Irritations or olceratioas
ffwjr b*i to ¦uietare. of mucous membran?*.
Fr»»t«t» Caataftoa. ' PainlatS, and DOt »«trla-
KalTHEETmCHEMISAlCO. f ent or pouonous.
VS& CIK£!mn,fl.|&3| Bald b7 »r« lrf»U.
vaiaL c. 8. a. 3»*^ or ** nt <B * It!a w r*PP*T,
l^ymiTlTt. *>T expretf. prepaid, for
T^BSaSjg^TOrjrQ ai.oo. or 3 bottiei t:.7&.
-• **KBjgfflpm*w m circcl»r §«Bt oa rcqaMt.
SUMMER AND WINTER RESORTS.
TUSCAN Si.'mSSk.
Open the year round. ALL CASE3 OF
RHEUMATISM. GOUT AND BLOOD DIS-
EASES TAKEN UNDER A GUARANTEE TO
CURE IN FROM TWO TO THREE MONTHS*
TIME OR ALL. EXPENSES, INCLUDING
RAILROAD FARES BOTH WATS. RE-
FUNDED. Kidney troubles. Dropsy, Diabetes.
Stone In the Kidney or Bladder, Catarrh of the
Bladder, Cystitis. Diseases of the Oenitp-Urt-
nary Org-ans. Delicate Women, Skin Diseases,
Scrofula and General Debility are treated with
pre-eminent success. Any case of Malaria,
cured In front ten days to two weeks. Never
a failure known.
Among the thousands of cases that have been
treated here in the Ian 15 years there' has
never bten a DEATH. Send 50c for a bottle of
Catarrh Salts and sample -of Metal Polish.
Products oX Tuscan Springs. Round-trip tickets
at reduced rates. Inquire of any Southern Pa-
cific Railroad agent. TUSCAN MINERAL
SPRINGS CORP.. Tuscan Springs, Cal
FRANK J. HULEN. Manazer.
AGUA CALIENTE SPRINGS
OPEN ALt. TEAR ROUND. Natural hot
sulphur springs, temperature 115 degrees. No
staging- Fare SI 10. Sure cur* for rheuma-
tism, asthma, kidney and liver troubles. Tub
and hot plunge baths. The largest mineral
water swimming tank In the Stare. Compe-
tent lady and gentlemen masseurs; nrtmmlng
teacher. Special rates from now on. Peck's
11 Montgomery «t THEODOR RICHARDS.'
Arua Callente. Sonoma County.
OCEAN TEAVEL
TOYO KISEN KAISHA7
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.)
Steamers will leave wharf, corner First and
Brannan streets, at 1 p. m., for YOKOHAMA
and HONGKONG, calling at Kob« <Hlogo>
Nagasaki and Shanghai, and connecting at
Hongkong with steamers for India, etc. No
cargo received on board on day of saillnr
S.S. NIPPON MARU .• .".
Thursday. October 13, 10C3
S. S. AMERICA MARU ,
Tuesday, November 10, 1003
S. S. HONGKONG MARU
Thursday. December 3. 1903
Via Honolulu. Round-trip tlclftta at reduced
rates. For freight and passage apply at r*ojn-
pany's office, 421 Market street, corner First
W. H. AVERT. General Arent.
. ADVEBTISE2EENTS.
L»3t3rrn
ICE WILSON. 229 Eeeoni ar*.
Ban Francicco.
Mr«. WHeon «ar»: "My little tfaag hter Alice
«uflertd ttcm catarrh, and h*r etr» discharged
a foul fmtlllnir matter. £he wm rapid!? grow-
iur Cfl. Her e»r» were very pamful and «he
was afraid of doctor*. 1 took her tc Iba Elte-
tro-Chrmlc In*t!tnt», 118 Grant ti>., and I am
happy to ea.y that the Electro-Ch^mic treat-
ment baa cured AHc« perfectly, and there »ti
nnt a moment'*. pain durinc the two month*'
treatment that «-»¦ required. £h* l,ear» per-
fectly now, the ear* do not run any more, her
catarrh !• eurwJ. and the ?xpense of the treat-
ment hu been %-«ry I!tt!e."
CONSULTATION r g"^ g- g-
X-RAY EXAMINATION I IlLL
Specialties — Ccmuapticn, Catarrh,
Bronchitis, Arthira, cancers, Tnmors,
'Deafness, Head and Ear Voises, Ehtu-
a»t!»a, Paralysis, Wenralsria, Piles, Dis-
eases of the •» tciaaciu Liver, Kidneys and
Bowels, Special Diseases of Men and
Wrjr.ca. All Chronic Diseases.
ELECTRO'CHEMIC INSTITUTE,
118 CKiHT ATI, Cor. Pest St.,
EAST FBAECISCO.
Office Hour* — 9 a. m. to S i>. ra. and 7 to 8
. p. tn. daily: Sundays, 10 a. m. to 1 p. m.
6e£>arat« apartraeou let 2s»dits and gcxMtmtu.Th* twenty-third anniversary of the
California Baptist Association Is still be
ing celebrated at the First Baptist
Church.
Three meetings were held yesterday
sr.d the remaining three sessions will take
place to-day. An interesting address was
piven yesterday afternoon on the "Wom
an 'f Home and Foreign Mission" by Mrs.
A. K. Gurr.ey, after which a. hymn was
Fung by a Chinese choir.
The last meeting of the convention will
take p'.ace th!s evening at 7:30 o'clock at
the First Baptist Church on Eddy street.
BAPTISTS' CONVENTION
DRAWING TO A CLOSE
Lnst Meeting in Celebration of the
Twenty-Third Anniversary Takes
Place To-Night.
Pclitid&si are clamorlnjr for the l«»n
sace cf bonda for the puxcbaee of the
Geary-street road. This strips the
proposition of every element of business
sease and you Bnould vote agrainst It to
day.
The photographer called loudly for help
ar.d his cries brought one of his assistants
to his rescue. Directly underneath the
skylight is a concrete floor, and had not
Samuels grabbed hold of the 6ash he
would have been dashed to death on the
hard surface.
Famuels was engaged In taking photo
praphs of several Chinese who are being
held for deportation. He vu standing di
rectly in front of the largo skylight, and
while shifting his camera stepped on the
glass covering.
Photographer Samuels, an attache of
BbeVs gallery, had a miraculous escape
from instant death yesterday afternoon
wfcila at work on top of the United
State* Appraiser's building. Samuels
Ftepped on a skylight and would have
faJlen to the ground, sixty feet below,
but for^his 'Instinctively clutching the
cash of the broken pane.
Slender Framework Prevents
a Sixty-Foot Fall to
Concrete Floor.
Photographer Samuels'
Miraculous Escape
From Death.
SKYLIGHT SASH
SAVES HIS LIFE
The bride was attired in a dainty gown
of white chiffon, a veil of tulle com
pletely enveloping her. She was given
Into , the keeping of • the . groom by her
father, but .was ' otherwise unattended.
The young couple .will not leave this city,
as. was at first suspected, save for a
honeymoon trip, as Mr., Breedon has de
cided to transfer his business interests to
San ', Francisco. This has
brought Joy into many hearts, \, as the
young • bride is ' beloved by a wide circle
of friends. . . : vi'
Molnes, la., occurred yesterday afternoon
at. the residence of the bride, the Rev.
Father Cottle ' officiating. .
v Unlted I States Commissioner Heacock
yesterday postponed the examination of
former Jailers Dasha, Dempsey and Bur
nett on the charge of conspiracy in the
recent Chinese substitution cases to Octo
ber 31. Before that date it is expected
that the Federal . Grand Jury will have
found an indictment against them and
this will do away. with the necessity of an
examination. A' .• .:
Conspiracy Cases Postponed.
A cheap way to prepare a full meal
for six persons is to cook by gas. Costs
six cents for fuel, if the range comes
from the S. F. Gas and Electric Co. •
Those who. attended the Tivoli opera
season of 1901 doubtless remember Slg
norina Repetto, the; clever and brilliant
little singer who created such a sensa
tion in the role of Muzette in "La Bo
heme," and will be sorry to learn of her
death in South Africa last Tuesday.
Signor Borghese took the part with but
three hours'- notice, and naturally with
such a short time in which to rehearse
the part he was somewhat uncertain of
his lines, but prompted by Signor Giu
seppe AEOstini. who sang the part of
Rudolpho, he went through without a
pause.
Owing to the Budden illness of Signor
Giuseppe Zanini, the part o£ Marcel, the
painter, In "La Boheme" was sung by
Signor Domenlco Borghese at the Tivoli
Theater last : evening 1 .
Popular Actress Who Sang in Tivoli
Passes Away Suddenly in South
Africa.
BORGHESE SINGS PART
OF MARCEL i IN "BOHEME"
PARIS. Oct. ".-^Superintendent Tattet of
the French Transatlantic Steamship line said
to-lay that it was true the French and all th«
other continental lines had withdrawn from
the continental passenger rate agreement.
The wedding of Miss Gertrude Sullivan,
the beautiful daughter of Judge and Mrs.
J. Sullivan, and Bernard Breedon of- Des
The young people will, • on their return
from their wedding trip, set up '¦ their
household gods in' this city, in '«."-* home
already prepared for them. In ~ the .' nup
tials of last night I a romance jj begun in
the dim days of childhood had a fitting
culmination.
The billiard room was pressed into ser
vice for supper tables, and here the moth
er of the bride presided; pink gladiolas,
pink tulle and pink shades produced a
charming effect in the improvised dining
hall, where the older folks made merry.
The bride, who Is a girl of striking
beauty and style, fulfilled every tradi
tion of bridal beauty in her robe of lace,
with its court train of glistening satin.
In her arms she bore St. Joseph lilies.
She was attended by her sister, Miss Ella
Morgan, who looked not less lovely than
the bride, attired in a filmy gown of
¦white chiffon, and carrying a. rare bunch
of orchids. Then came the maids. Miss
Genevieve King, Miss Ruth McNutt, Miss
Mary Josselyn and Miss Helen Dean, all
gowned in white chiffon over green and
bearing huge bunches of tiger lilies. The
mother of the bride was attired in a
beautiful court gown of black satin
moire. A description ' of the guests'
gowns would read like a fashion journal,
for it is seldom so many elegantly gowned
matrons and dainty dressed maidens are
seen at a private . functio'n.
The simple service over, the guests—
about 150— were received by the bridal pair
and a merry hour ensued.
The drawing-room was a symphony in
the colors btloved of nature — green and
white. Again the woodwardia lent its
beauty, phalanxed by forests of feathery
ferns, white chrysanthemums and be
gonias, with here and there a cloud of
filmy tulle. The dining-room bore the
ripening riches of autumn; overhead
grapevines bearing their purple. . iruit
stretched from wall to wall, pomegran
ates grew in profusion, and even boughs
of lemon trees lent their yellow fruit to
grace the hour. The tables were simply
adorned with maidenhair and white can
delabra, the distinctive feature at the
bride's place being a shower of tiny silver
bells rising like a spray of lilies of the
valley, which in truth they very much
resembled. .
THE wedding of Miss Therese Mor
gan, daughter of William P. Mor
gan, and Norris Davis was cele
brated lagt night at the beautiful
home of. the bride with all the ac
cessories that wealth and good taste could
devise.
The lower floor of the home had been
wrought into a bower of beauty; blossoms
and ferns, the richest gifts of nature, had
been gathered here to make glad the
happy hour when the twain were made
one.
The reception hall became a wild wood
glen under the hands of the decorators,
the waving woodwardia rising from ev
ery nook. Banks of* American . Beauty
roses filled the recess by the staircase,
giving forth a delicious touch of autumnal
warmth.
The ceremony was performed by the
Rev. Dr. Clampett in the reception room,
where an altar had been reared draped In
snowy lace and bearing candles and pure
white blossoms— a fitting shrine at which
to give the lifelong promise. Here kneel
ing upon white satin cushions the young
folks plighted their troth.
CHARMING SOCIETY GIRL
WHO WEDDED YESTERDAY
AND HER BRIDESMAIDS.
A family dinner was held this evening
with forty-two covers. Afterward the
wedding couple started in a motor car
presented by the Czar for Heilig to
spend the honeymoon. The town is beau
tifully illuminated to-night and the wed
ding was favored with splendid weather.
The church was filled with diplomats,
the local authorities and the royal suites.
The Protestant ceremony lasted three
quarters of an hour, j the officiating
clergyman being Rev. Dr. Peterson. The
party then, amid the ringing of the fa
mous chimes, drove in the reverse order to
the Greek chapel, a mile distant, where
they were greeted by a large crowd.
There the marriage ceremony was cele
brated according to the Greek rites by
Archprlest Janltscheff.
DARMSTADT. . Oct. ¦ 7.— In, the presence
of a notable gathering, /which included an
Emperor, an Empress, a King- and two
Queens, the marriage of Princess Alice of
Battenberg and Prince Andreas of Greece
was celebrated to-day, according to the
rites of the Lutheran and Greek churches.
The wedding party, whose dresses and
uniforms made a very effective spectacle,
assembled at 3:30 o'clock in the old castle
and then crossed the castle yard to the
castle church. Prince George of Greece,
with Princess Victoria, led the procession,
and they were followed by the Grand
Duke of Hesse with the Czarina, the
Czar with Queen Alexandra, the mem
bers of the Greek royal, family and
finally Prince Louis of Battenberg with
his daughters, Princesses Alice and
Louise.
Princess Alice of Battenberg Becomes
, the Bride of Prince Andreas
of Greece!
RUSSIAN AND GREEK
ROYALTY AT WEDDING
Babetta Alber, a comely Swedish wo
man, was married to Josplr W. Alber In
New York In 1901. A few weeks after she
became hla wife she left him and came to
this city and brought a suit for divorce on
the ground of neglect.
Judge Kerrigan yesterday heard her
tale of woe and granted her an Interlocu
tory decree. She said she left her hus
band because he made her life miserable
by continually boasting of the number of
lady friends he had.
Beatrice C. Otway has finished her race
for a divorce, winning a decree for deser
tion. Her suit was filed a few days ago,
just a half-hour sooner than that filed by
her husband. Michael, Otway.
Joseph C. Feld, a police officer, Is being
sued for divorce by Alice E. Feld, to
whom he was married on August 6, 1900.
She charges cruelty. In her ! complaint
she says he once broke a Jardiniere over
her head and on several occasions threat
ened to kill her. They have one child, a
daughter, aged 2 years.
Decrees were also granted to Josephine
Beck from Sigmund Beck, for neglect;
Georgiana O'Neal from Porter O'Neal, for
cruelty; Carrie Kreuger from Oscar Kreu
ger, for desertion; W. G. Thomas from
Permelle Thomas, for desertion, and
Laura E. Martin from Richard E. Mar
tin, for neglect.
Suits for divorce for desertion were filed
by Mary C. Adams against J. B. Adams,
H. H: Fuller from Daisy Fuller and C. A.
Ronan from Anna Ronan. Cruelty is
charged in the complaint filed by Marie
Trollen against Herman Trollen. She says
he once accused her of killing her brother
and her first husband.
Says She Left Him Because He Con
tinually Told Her of His
Lady Friends.
MRS. ALBER GETS DIVORCE
FROM BOASTFUL HUSBAND
Many army and navy officers and their
wives and daughters and out of , town
guests were present. Among the latter
were Mrs. H. T. Dlmock and Mrs. J.
Cunningham Hazen of New York.
Captain Hannay will take his bride to
the Philippines on the transport Sheridan,
which .sails October 31 and which will
carry nine other bridal; couples.
¦ The church was decorated with a mass
of tropical greenery, white flowers on the
altar, and ribbons of blue, the infantry
colors. The bridegroom's attendants were
in the full dress uniform.
The bridesmaids were Miss Edith Ned
ham, Mfss Mary Wallace, Miss Dewltt,
Miss Gertrude Bayne, Misses Ruth and
Leah Kelly and Miss Carlotta Klemm.
Miss Margaret * Knight, a daughter of
Major John T. Knight, U. 8. A., a niece
of the bride, was maid of honor." The
ushers were Colonel Clarence Edwards,
Captain Robert L. Hamilton, Horace M.
Reeves, Frank L; Dewltt Ramsay, Rob
ert W. Marns and Lieutenant Hanford.
Captain Peter W. Davidson of Captain
Hannay's regiment was best man. : . ;
The bride entered the church with her
father, wearing a' handsome gown of
white chiffon trimmed with lace... Her
veil was held with orange blossoms and
she carried orchids and roses. The Lo
hengrin music with harp and organ was
played during the service. A reception
at General Young's residence was held
after the ceremony.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, Oct. 7.— In the pres
ence of distinguished guests', . including
President and Mrd. Roosevelt and Miss
Alice Roosevelt. Miss Elizabeth Young,
the daughter of the highest officer of the
army, Lieutenant General S. B.- M. Young,
and a debutante of last season, was mar
ried at 4 o'clock this afternoon to Cap
tain J. R. Hannay of the Twenty-second
Infantry, U. S. A., In St. Thomas Church:
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Couple Will Sail for Philip
pines on the Transport
Sheridan.
Miss Elizabeth Young
Bride of Captain
Hannay.
BELLE OF ARMY
WEDS SOLDIER
THE SAN , FKANCISCO CALL, S THUESDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1903..
Charming: Daughter of William Morgan Wedded to Nofris Davis
Before Brilliant Assemblage of Society Maids and Matrons,
Surrounded by Forest of Feathery Ferns arid Rare Blossoms
BEFORE A SHRINE ABLAZE WITH LIGHT
NUPTIAL PROMISES ARE PLIGHTED
5
AMUSEMENTS.
GRAND 8o3t£
JXATXITES TO-DAY—
AND SATURDAY. ]
I.AST THREE NIGHTS
4JAMES NEILL
In the Dramatic Sensation of th» City,
UNDER TWO FLAGS
Edythe Chapman as Ci?arette.
PRICES — Evenings 15c, 25c, 50c. 75a
Matinees 15c, 25c. SOo
BEGINNING NEXT SUNDAY MATINEE.
THE BURLESQUE EXTRAVAGANZA.
C I. E O P A T B A ''J^M
ISO— Children In the Production— 150
IEA01SQ THEATKJ
TfUVIfiHT! SIXTIETH TIME
lU'DlUUlI IX SAN FRANCISCO. 1
THIS WEEK AND NEXT WEEK.
Kiery Night. Including Sunday.
MATINEE SATCRDAT ONLY.
John C. Fisher and Thomas W. Ryley Present
THE WORLD'S .fll'MCAI, HIT.
FLORODORA
GREAT BEAUTY SEXTET-
CHORUS OF SEVENTY.
Number One New York Company
TIV/A1 I opera •
I IVULI house.;
(NOTE^ — Performances begin at 8 sharp;
Matinee Saturday at. 2 sharp.)-
TO-NIGHT
Saturday Matinee and Sunday Night.
Verdi's 'Magnificent Opera.
"OTFI I O "
Friday and Saturday Nights.
• - Puccini's Great Modern Work,
"LA BOHEME'A
Next Week— "MIONON." . "CAVALLERIA'*
and "PAGLIACCI."
Prices Always the Same— 23c, 5W, 75c,
Telephone Bush J).
4 T n A 7 ¦ T* Belaaco A Mayer.
' General Manager.
MAT. TO-DAY— FAREWELL WEEK.
FLORENCE ROBERTS
In David Bel a sco' a Dramatic Triumph.'
ZAZA
Evg., 25c to T5c: Mats. Thurs. & Sat.. I5c to 50c
ZAZA AT BOTH MATINEES.
NEXT MONDAY — Opening of tfcs
NEW ALCAZAR STOCK COMPANY
With ADELE BLOCK, JAMES DURKIN.
FRANCES STARR and JOHN B. MAHER.
First Time Here of Pinero's Comedy Drama.
LADY BOUNTIFUL
SEATS NOW SELLING.
¦ !
High-Class Specialties Every After-
noon and Evening In the Theatre.
• • . ' * ¦*
TO-NIGHT
GALA AMATEUR PERFORMANCE .
Concluding With
NEW LIVING PICTURES.
LION SLATING BABOON IN THE ZOO! '
——VISIT THE
"MYSTIC MIRROR MAZE"
ADMISSION 10c | CHILDREN.. v So
Weekly Call, $1.OO per Year
;> ADVEBTISEMENTS.
If you are troubled with Con-
stipation, Biliousness, Sick Head-
ache, Kidney Ailments, Indiges-
tion, Dyspepsia or Malaria, you
need the Bitters at once. It will
cure you and restore you to per-
fect health.
A fair trial will convince you.
Paian* dont fail to
taiaWW gee the beautiful
j COURT Lounging
/.fill room, the EMPIRE
auu PARLOR, the
r> * PALM ROOM, the
iff/) fill LOUIS XV PAR-
U1UUU LQR and the LA .
U i | DIES* WRITING
Hotels room.
Tobacco Heart
may. be cured. Don't neglect.your
symptoms. Dr. Miles' Heart Cure
is a great heart and blood tonic about
¦which you will Irani u great deul and also
about heart trouble by sending postal for
¦ free book on diseases of tbu h art and nwes.
Dr. Miles Medical Co., Klkhart, Ind.
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENTS.
se/%t : sale;
=corrLow=
. , - , .- „ THE GREAT PIANISTE,
. NOW, AT, SHERMAN,' CLAY & CO.'S,
Where complete ; programmes may be obtained.
Concerts, at Lyric Hall, Tuesday and Thurs-
day Nights," October 1.V15. Saturday Matinee,
17th; Oakland, Friday, 16th. - Reserved seats.
15c SI. SI BO. - .;v
AMUSEMENTS.
fAUIFORNlAl
II j LAST THREE NIGHTS, j^^
Th3 Wm. H. West Big Minstrel Jubilee
. f^ Funny Comedians.
Plfl Star Vocalists.
rl II Clever Specialists.
Powerful Male Chorus.
Sanday-ED GARYIE as
MR. JOLLY OF JOLIEL
PS 1 ! Broadhursfs. Latest Musical j j^"» .
llHEATKUl
......RADIANT "VAUDEVILLE.....
clayton white and marie stuart
company; pantzer trio; golden
gate quartet and fanny winfred
and new motion pictures. last
times of arthur cunningham:
myles McCarthy, assisted by aida
woolcott; the great alexius;
carleton and terre and paulo
¦ AND DIKA. ' .
Reserved Scats 25c!Balcony ....10c
Box Seats and Opera Chairs .'. 80c
BELASCO & MAYER. Proprietors.
Market St.. Near Eighth. Phone South 533.
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Tremendous Success of
L. R. STOCKWELL.
First Time at Popular Prices In Du Souchsfa
Greatest v Comedy. .
"My Friend From India."
AH the Central Favorites In the Cast.
nnirCC Evenings 10c to 8Oe
rKlWfci Matinees 10c. 15c. 23c
Week of October 12— 'THE MIDNIGHT
BELL." ' ' m
Crowded Houses — Enthusiastic Audlencea —
That Is what counts.
[THE PARADERS
Read the Criticl&ms:
Chronicle— "The management spread Itself
on : the production."
Call — "Broke the record for successes."
Examiner — "Brought out the company."
Bulletin — "As good as the best, better than
the rest."
Post — "Good from first to last."
Our "All-Star" Cast— Kolb and Dill. Bar-
ney Bernard. Winfleld Blake, Maude Amber,'
Harry Hernisen. Eleanor Jenkins, etc., etc.
BASEBALL!
PACIFIC COAST LEAGUE.
RECREATION PARK.
EIGHTH AND HARRISON
CHAMPIONSHIP GAMES.
THURSDAY AND FRIDAY. 3 P. M.; SAT-
M URDAY, 3 P. 3C.
SUNDAY ; 2:30 P. M.
SAN FRANCISCO vs. LOS ANGELES
LADIES' DAYS THURSDAY AND FRIDAT.
Advance Sale. 5 Stockton St.
NEWMAN & IJBVIXSON.
Kearny and Slitter Sts.
Sale of Black Silks.
(First Floor Kcarny St.)
We still continue the Special Sale of the recent big pur-
chase of Staple Black Silk, which we bought to such advantage
from the manufacturers — It is a most excellent opportunity to
secure new, choice, high grade Silks at extremely low prices
—The chief features of the sale are:
• Black Peau de Soie Black Silk Taffetas
19 Inch, 85c Quality, yard 67c 21 inch, 75c Quality, yard 55c
24 jnch, $1.25 Quality, yard . . .95c 27 inch, $1.10 Quality, yard . . .80c
27 inch, $1-35 Quality, yard .'.$1.00 23 inch, $1.25 Quality, yard . . .95c
36 Inch, $1.75 Quality, yard. .$ 1.35 36 inch, $1.50 Quality, yard, .$1.15
Black Louisines Black Satin Duchesse
20 inch, 95c Quality, yard 67c 19 inch, 95c Quality, yard 75c
27 inch, ti.35 Quality, yard.. $1.00 21 inch, $1.35 Quality, yard. .$1.00
Black Armures Black Fancy Silks
23 Inch, $1.35 Quality, yard.. $1.00 20 inch, $1.25 Quality, yard 75c
21 inch, $1.75 Quality, yard. .$1.25 21 inch, $1.50 Quality, yard. .$1.00
: -. Ladies'. Silk Vests $1.00 GK^S!)
¦ We have sold hundreds of imported Silk Vests identical
with these for $1.50 — They are fine quality Swiss Ribbed
•garments} all Silk, in low neck and no sleeves, colors cream
white, light blue and pink — We offer them to-day <r 1 nn
while quantity lasts at the special price of each s^ ¦ •**"
Lisle and Silk Gloves (En?30
After trying a pair or two of to-day's glove specials — you
surely will be convinced that we give better fit, better value
and better satisfaction than can be found elsewhere.
Ladles' Milanese Lisle Gloves, Ladies' Silk Gloves, with two
extra quality with patent clasps and clasps, embroidered backs and
embroidered backs, black or cn double tipped fingers, black __
white, per pair. .. OUC or white, per pair 75C
Kxceptional Offers To-day in
Dainty Lace Toilet Sets CSSS/S 1 )
Toilet Sets made of dotted Swiss, • Swiss Toilet Sets with lace in-
with pretty openwork designs, ruf. sertion and neatly braided designs,
fie edges and lined in pink, _ ft " lace ruffle to match, lined ft| nr|
blue or yellow, per set OUC in different colors, per set yl.OQ
~ Sale of Crochet Slippers G h £ d n? s T)
Ladies' Crochet Slippers made by hand of the best grade
of castor wool and Peerless soles — colors black, gray, red,
brown, light blue and rose pink — in sizes 3 to 7. These
pretty Crocheted Slippers are well worth their regular price
of $1.00 per pair — although for to-day we offer them at ir n
the special price of fOC
Choice Wrapper Flannelettes ( 8 SS2r I 3r f )
Attractively Priced for To-day.
Heavy Fleeced Flannelette, 30 English Flannelette, 30 inches
inches wide, pretty stripe, scroll r/ide, specially adapted for Kimonas
and floral designs, in the f _ and Wrappers, pretty de- __
daintiest of colorings.per yard IOC signs, fast colors, per yard 2 DC
ZJVEBTISEMENTS.
Fan Francisco. Thursday. 8 October. ' 1903.
1 or $JH
vl 1RJ
Made of maple finished natural color and equipped
with a woven wire. Measures 22 inches wide and 42
inches long. You can have it with rockers or with
casters — the price for either is $3.00.
Sanitary top mattress to fit for $2.25; or a moss
mattress for $3.50.
These prices mean a savtng that mothers should
not overlook.
The Bretiner Carpet Store is the ONLY carpet
store in San Francisco where you CANNOT buy printed
carpets. Every yard for sale here is dyed in the yarn
goods— the colors going through to the back. The pat-
terns of printed carpets, being on the surface only,
often become broken and shabby after short usage.
Here are a few quotations on our "dyed in the
yarn" carpets 'for your perusal. , Keep QUALITY in
mind when comparing prices and don't be misled by
the sensational cry of "combine — trust," etc.
Smith's Tapestries, good quality, good pat-
terns, the yard 75c
! Smith's, Sanford's and Stinson's best quality
of Velvets, the yard $1.35
Smith's Saxony Axminsters, the yard $1.35
Best Lowell, Bigelow and Victoria Body
Brussels, the yard $1.65
Bigelow Axminsters, the best made, per
yard $2.00
Prices include sewing, lining and laying.
(Formerly the California Furniture Co.)
957 to 977 Market Street, San FranciscoA gentleman of this city, otherwise reputable and
in the complete enjoyment of the good will of his fel
lows, has been sued for divorce because he smokes
a pipe in bed, expectorates without a thought of the
customary restrictions designed for the feelings of
others, and is not particular in deference to the rules
and regulations governing the bathing habit. The
aggrieved husband ought to plead that his wife has
made an assault upon the constitutional privileges
of an adult, white, male citizen of the Untted*"States.
The telegram refers to the lands re
cently reserved from entry. , Under this
order proof and payment must be refused
upon any lands included In the forest re
serves, subject to the right of appeal.
Those who have made application for
lands Included in the reserve are protect
ed. Should the land subsequently be
thrown, open to entry, they have the
prior right to prove up and make pay
ment for it. This ruling Is extremely im
portant, as many of those who have ap
plied for lands are due to prove up about
this time. Under this order they will not
only not be required to prove up but
will not be permitted to pay their money
over to the Government, and thus they
will' take no chance of losing It. jj
WASHINGTON.' Oct. 6. — To Register and
Receiver. Eureka. Cnl.: Deny the right to
make proof and Twyment. subject to right of
appeal and also subject to the right to make
proof and payment under pending application.
If the lands applied for are hereafter restored
to entry. 3. H. FIMFLE,
Actlnz Commissioner.
EUREKA, Oct. 7.— The local land office
received . the following telegram from
Washington yesterday:
GTants Protection to All Who Have
Filed in the Eureka District
Forest Reserve.
LAND OFFICE MAKES
AN IMPORTANT RULING
THE State Board of Trade has .authorized effi
cient measures looking to the protection of the
fruit planters of this State against the robbery
and rapacity of middlemen who handle their
products. The consumer pays a good price ' for
California fruit products. If that price, less freight
and commissions, reached the producer, the fruit.in
dustry of this State would be the most profitable
rural occupation in the world. But the producer is
robbed in the home market, and in every market
from San Francisco to London, by the dishonest
practices of the middlemen.. . ¦
Cur fruit product has no superior in the world. In
prunes, raisins and every description of dried and
canned fruit we equal or lead the world in quality.
Consumers eagerly seek our products, and "Califor
nia" on a fruit package is a trademark commanding
respect everywhere. Yet the producer is grossly
abused and brazenly cheated out of the profit that
should reward his toil and enterprise. During the
discussion of the matter by the Board of Trade prac
tices were disclosed that amount' to stealing, "larceny
under the statutes. Such practices are not confyied
to the distant market, cither. They prevail right
here in San Francisco, where every country shipment
is , looted.
We have no doubt that the Board of Trade can
secure evidencc\of these dishonest practices that will
make a case for criminal prosecution. The producer
is almost helpless. His property is perishable. It
has to go forward to market on the hour, lest it
spoil. He is working hard at home and cannot fol
low his shipment to the city, and has to take what
ever return is sent to him. One producer did follow
his shipment and, being unknown, bought the whole
lot of the commission man, paying a good price and
taking a proper bill of sale. He removed the prop
erty from the warehouse and went home and waited.
In due time came a return, showing the property sold
for a nominal price, reporting it in bad condition and
bringing him out in debt to the commission man on
the shipment. He followed the matter up and com
pelled a disgorgement of the stolen profits. It is to
be regretted that he stopped there. He would have
protected himself and others, by criminally prosecut
ing the robber."
It is the intention of the Board of Trade to go to
the bedrock in 'this matter, and it should have the
assistance of the'producers' all over the 'State. It has
the power arid the resources to wholly expose the
system of robbery that has its dishonest hand in the
pocket of every fruit planter - in the State, and we
are persuaded that when its work is* done there will
be fewer, robbers standing between the producer, and
consumer ¦ ... • .
PROTECT THE PRODUCER.
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 230 Cali
fornia Btreet. Telephone Main 1042. ?-. •
James A. Scully, who was knocked down
by an electric car while he was crossing
Connecticut street on the 13th inst.. sued
the United Railroads yesterday for $20,830
damages. He claims the car crew was
careless.
Sues for Heavy Damages.
Townsend's California glace fruits and
candles. Me a pound. In artistic fire
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market St.. above Call bldg. •
If operated by the city, victims of the
maladministration of the Geary-str»«t
road would have no redress. Tills Is
but one reason why you should vote
agminst the scheme to-day.
This Is my will. All that I die possessed
of I leave to my sister Grac<», except the Na
poleon books and lioydcll Shakespeare, which
are for Dr. McNutt. I appoint Dr. McNutt
executor without bonds, and ask him to see
that I am cremated without any fuss.
The estate of the deceased Is estimated
to be worth almost $300,000. She Is sur
vived by three sisters— Grace E. Stronn,
the legatee under the will, residing at
La Grange, III.: Alice A. Hart of San
Jose, and Mary E. Carter of Paris.
With the will was filed McNutt's peti
tion for appointment as executor, he be
ing named as such in the testament.
The will is a holographic document. It
reads as follows:
The long looked for will of the late Isa
bella D. Clark, who committed suicide
at McNutt's Hospital on the 10th of last
month, was filed for probate yesterday by
Dr. "W. F. McNutt, in whose custody it
has been since the day previous to Miss
Clark's death. It was made twenty-four
hours before she took her life.
Testament Is Holographic and Was
Made Day Before She Com
mitted Suicide.
DR. McNTTTT FIXES WIIX
OF ISABELLA D. CLARK
Thomas Herman, who Is well known to
the police walked into the office of th«
Golden Gate Salt Works, at 509 Mont
gomery street, yesterday morning, and as
he was acting suspiciously Policeman P.
J. Keyes was notified. Keyes arrested
Herman on a charge of petty larceny
and a hat was booked as evidence against
him.
Did Not Want to Buy Salt.
Next to the swift development of the trend toward
the Republican ticket the most salient feature of the
campaign is the recourse of the Examiner to "mud
dinging" as a political weapon. Not liking to dance
to McNab's command, nor to support for Mayor a
man whom it denounced only a short time ago as an
enemy of labor and a creature of McNabf it turns
to its familiar tactics of slandering everybody in sight.
Such tactics are of course disagreeable to the public
and disgusting to the intelligent, but it is not likely
they will help Lane. They are much more likely to
help Crocker by driving all decent Democrats into a
camp where decency prevails and where the only tac
tics to be employed are those of straight politics and
of honest men.
That a portion of the normal Republican vote will
go to Schmitz, or remain at home on election day,
may be conceded; but it is certain that defections of
that kind will not seriously imperil the ticket if the
independent vote come to its support. The indepen
dents are already aware of that fact and will act ac
cordinglj-. They could not elect Lane even should
they vote for him solidly, but they can elect Crocker.
Hence the movement of the independent vote of the
city will be steadily toward Mr. Crocker from this
time on.
RARELY has a three-cornered municipal con
test so swiftly shaped itself into a clear-cut
definite issue as has this one. The campaign
has barely begun — in fact, the Republican ratifica
tion meeting has not yet been held — but already there
is a widespread public consciousness that the fight
is between the Republican party and the various fac
tions that hive combined to form the Union Labor
party. The Democratic party figures in the problem
only as an unknown quantity whose relation to the
•nain factors is not yet clearly discernible.
It is well known that the election of Schmitz was
the result of a division of the conservative vote be
tween the and Republicans in the con
test. A similar division this year would have a simi
lar result. The intelligence of the voters perceives
the danger and accordingly will be on guard against
it. Men of good understanding are not going to
permit themselves to be caught twice in the same
trap. Th's will net be a repetition okthe contest in
which the conservative vote was dividcu and the dis
contented vote was united. This time the conserva
tive elements of the city will unite behind the Repub
lican leadtrs and carry the entire ticket to victory.
It is of course right and fitting it should be so.
Mr. I.ane is a genial gentleman deservedly popular
among his friends, who are numerous, but he is ab
solutely unfitted for the emergency that now con
fronts the city. While it is to Mr. Lane's credit
that he is opposed by the Hearst faction of the Dem
ocratic party, nevertheless the existence of that oppo
sition on the part of men who delight in the "stab
in the back' on election day renders his candidacy
a forlorn hope. It is a political impossibility for him
to defeat Schmitz. The common sense of the people
recognizes that fact, and accordingly some of the
closest personal as well as political friends of Mr.
Lane will on election day cast their vote for Mr.
Crocker :n order to assure the city of an efficient
businesslike administration.
It is gratifying that the dominant issue in the cam
paign has been thus clearly formulated at once, and
with snch plainness that all citizens can see it and un
derstand it. It is now a three-cornered fight in name
only. Virtually it is a contest between the forces
that have mismanaged the municipal government for
the past term and the forces of good citizenship
ranged under the banners of the Republican party.
The prompt development of that issue simplifies the
struggle and to a large extent «relieves it of doubt and
uncertainty. San Francisco is normally a Republican
city, having a political sentiment in^ harmony with
that of the State and of the nation. It therefore fol
lows that if the rank and file of- the party remain
true to its traditions there would be a victory for Mr.
Crocker and his colleagues even without indepen
dent support.
CROCKER OR SCHMITZ
MAYOR SCHMITZ again declares that he is
a credit to the city. ;; He has played another
solo serenade to himself and has put his hand
on his heart and bowed his acknowledgments of the
honor to himself. But he also declares that Mr.
Lane is not a credit to the city and that this, is so
well understood that he will be third in the race.
Then Mr. Lane again produces hrs bugle; horn and
blows on it a blast of hot and sweetened air for Lane,
the popular favorite, the only righteous man, the fa
vorite of destiny. But. he., is of_ . the — .opinion that
Mayor Schmitz is not a credit to the, city! .. . . , •¦
It places the plain and much occupied citizen in a
very difficult position,! more "difficult than that of St.
Paul when he was asked, "What -is truth?" v and, we
believe, responded, "I don't know." -Which; oh!
which, of these well-dressed candidates is a credit .to
the city? Each says he' is and that' the other is not.
It is a tie. Can they be made to draw cuts to settle
it? » Mayor Schmitz has also .ventured to explain
that he has varied his regular stunt of being a credit
to the city by going to New; York^to' make speeches
for William Randolph Hearsi in order ' to' aid labor.
He says it was a pilgrimage of gratitude, and that his
oratory in the tenderloin was classified under the
grateful head. We arc glad to hear this — gratitude is
so rare, in public life that it is above rubies. We are
inclined to think that this explanation is a horse on
Lane. He did not go to New York. He did not
love his neighbor William. Randolph Hearst as him
self. In fact, he had no affection for him at all; any
way, if he had he concealed it as carefully as Lord
Byron did his club foot.
In the emergency presented by these two candi
dates we can see nothing for the people to do except
select for themselves a Mayor who will be a credit to
the city by electing Henry J. Crocker.
'¦ Lieutenant-Commander C. L. Laird of
the navyj is ' among- the latest arrivals
at the Grand.
.: J. Poundstone, a merchant of Grimes,
is spending a few days In this city and
is registered at the Grand.
Dr. Oronhyatekha of Toronto, head of
the order of Foresters, arrived in the
city yesterday and has apartments at the
Occidental.
Dr. E. A. Ulsteen of Dlxon is at the
Grand.
A. Marks, a merchant of Ukiah, is at
the Lack.
Rev. P. J. Clyne of Nevada City is at
the Lick.
Isaac Bird, a merchant of Merced, is
at the Lick.
Rev. E, R. Hermiston of Shiloh, O.. is
at the- OccidentaL
S. Ewell, one of Marysville's merchants,
is staying at the California.
James D. : Schuyler, a merchant of Los
Angeles, is. at the Palace.
Colonel D. B-. ; Fairbanks, a banker of
Fetaluma, ' Is at the -Grand.
- Samuel Rucker, a merchant of San Jose,
Is registered at the Palace.
E. F. Floyd, a mining man of San
Andreas, Is staying at the Grand.
! E. T. Duhring, an attorney of Sonora,
arrived at the Occidental yesterday.
'. F. H. Buck, the well-known fruit
grower of Vacavllle, is* at the Palace.
: N. E. de Yoe, who is engaged in the
merchandise business at Madera, Is at
the Lick. '
j Dr. ; E. . J. Grow of the navy is down
from Mare Island and staying at the
Occidental. . _ '.
RIVAL SOLOS.
The bill creating: the office of Code Com
missioner was framed by Senator Selvage
at the last session of the Legislature and
he was instrumental in securing Its pas
sage. The act repealed the former law.
under which three Code Commissioners
served. The three Commissioners who
went out of office when the present law
was enacted accomplished a great deal of
work toward the revision and codification
of the laws and submitted this work to
the Legislature in the form of a number
of bills, but these bills failed to pass both
houses, leaving the laws In practically
the same shape as before. It is thought
probable that Judge Davis will avail him
self of much of' the material prepared by
the former Commissioners.
The new Commissioner served -in the
Senate for two sessions of the Legislature
prior to the last, once occupied a place on
the Superior bench and was a Republican
candidate for Congress. lie took a prom
inent part in' the last State convention,
which nominated Governor Pardee, and
was frequently called in consultation by
the Governor last winter with respect to
bills awaiting the approval of the execu
tive. He Is a native Californian and a
lawyer of recognized ability. The act
provides that the Commissioner shall
serve for two years from May. 1903, and
shall have authority to appoint a sten
ographer, who shall also be secretary of
the commission.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 7.— Former
Senator John F. Davis of Amador
County was this afternoon ap
pointed by Governor Pardee to the
office of Code Comrmssloner,
which pays $3CG0 per year. *Some^urpri*e
was expressed In political circles at the
appointment, as Senator Thomas II. Sel
vage of Humboldt County had aspired to
the place and his friends were active in
his behalf.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PERSONAL MENTION.
THURSDAY OCTOBER 8, 1903
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Aidre.<» Al Ccmmunlwtioni to JOHN McNAUGHT^Manajcr.
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator Will Connect
Ycu With the Department You Wish.
t IBMCATION OFFICE. . .Market ami Third, S. F.
l-UITOUIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Delivered by Carriers, 20 Cts. Per Week, 75 Cts.
Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cents.
Terms toy Mall. Including Postage (Cash With Order):
rAlLT CALL (Including Sunday), one year *^"!!J!
DAII..Y CALL (Including Sunday), fl months 4.OO
DAILT CALL — By Slnjrle Month ~ 3c
EUXDAT CALL. On* Tear 2.5O
WEEKLY CALL, One Tear 1 '°°
f Dally... SS.8O Per Tear Extra
rCREIGN POSTAGE { Sunday.. 4.15 Per Tear Extra
I Weekly.. l.OO Per Tear Extra
All poatmsmtern ur« anthorlted to recelTe
¦nbacrlptlona.
Cample copies win be forwarded wfcsn requested.
Usil subscribers !n ordering change ot address should be
particular to give both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to Insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICES.
1118 Broadwar Telephone Main 1O83
BERKELEY OFFICE.
CI4S Center Street Telephone Tfortn 7T
C. GEORGE KROGXESS, Manntrer Foreign Adver
tising. Maranette Bntldlncr. Chicago.
(Long Distance Telephone **Central 2619.")
WABHEfOTOJf CORRESPONDENT:
MORTON E. CRAXE 1400 G Street, V. W.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
TTsidorf-Astorla Hotel; A. Brentano. 31 Union Square:
Uurrar Hill Hotel; Fifth-avenue Hotel and HoBxnan House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANTJSi
Ehensan House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Tmncst Hcuee; Auditorium Hotel: Palmer House.
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHKX II. SMITH 3O Tribune Bnlldlna;
NEW TOEK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTO.V Herald Square
OR A\CII OFFICES — C27 Moiitromery. corner cf Clay, open
ettil P:SO o'clock. 300 Hives, op-n until 9:30 o'clock. 633
McAllister, cpen until 9:30 o'clock. CIS Larkln. cpen until
6:SO o'clock. 19*1 Mission, cpen until 10 o'clock. 2261
Market, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o* clock. 1093 Va
lencia, open nstll 9 o'clock. 108 Eleventh, open until 9
o'clock. NE. corner Church and Duncan streets, open
cstll 9 o'clock. NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky.
ot»n ustil 9 o'clock. £200 Fl'.lmore. cpen until 9 o'clock.
Code Commissioner
by Governor.
Former Senator Is Appointed
Every American city tbat lias at
tempted to operate its; public utilities
has failed In the experiment. Failure
would meet the effort* of thia city to op
erate the Geary-street road. Vote to
day against the proposition.
There is probably no other man on earth so skilled
in the gentle art of making enemies as is the incor
rigible Castro of Venezuela. He has instituted a
reign of terror at Ciudad Bolivar, paralyzing trade,
collecting customs duties which have already been
paid and otherwise inflicting insults and outrages
upon German and other resident foreign merchants.
His suppression has almost become a duty of self
respect on the part of Uncle Sam.
To make the park more pleasing It is
proposed to stock it with game birds, but
this does not mean that shooting will be
allowed in the park limits. On the con
trary, the park warden is Instructed not
to permit visitors to bring: In firearms.
Nevertheless, some way will have to be
devised to rid the park of mountain lions
and wildcats, of t which there are many
among the ridges about the Big Basin.
Parties may be especially authorized to
clean out these beasts. Wildcats would
prevent the successful stocking of the
basin with game birds.
The commissioners made the road from
Slippery Rock to the Governor's camp
fourteen feet wide. The cost of the road,
including map, profile, etc., was but 12100.
The State commission having In charge
the Big Basin Park met in this city yes
terday and audited bills. These showed
that all the expenditures of the last year
to date have amounted to $3200. This in
cluded the salary of the guardian, the
construction of a road about two miles
long from -what Is known as Slippery
Rock to the Governor's camp, the ex
pense of putting: out a big flre that
burned, over the surface of 20Q. acres, the
subsequent conversion of burned trees
into marketable firewood, the construc
tion of fire trails and all other costs. The
members of the commission entertained
the idea that the park can be maintained
for $3000 per annum. There is on hand
J1S00 for use up to Julyl, 19CM.
During the j'ear the sum of $100,000 waa
paid over to the parties from whom the
park was purchased by the State. This
amounts to 40, per cent of the cost price.
The remainder is $150,000. The commis
sioners say that" next season the park will
be open for campers. Fire trails for back
firing will be put around the eligible
camping places. The fire of the past
summer did not Injure any of the red
wood trees. ¦»
2. 'ihai we had seen i>rcdiKat waste of tiie
beautiful oaks of 'Yosemite, which were con
stantly carted about the valley for firewood—
and might be seen there any day oiled up la
stacks of so mf.nv cords to to many dollars —
at the same time the whole valley was strewn
with dead branches and fallen timber — suit
able for stovewood and preoentlntc th« only
real menace to the safety of the valley Id cas*
of forest fire.
3. Our next point was that the beautiful
flowering shrub* of the valley were choice
and ornamental In their nature, (hat they
were fit adornments of a public park and \*er»
the homes of the aurlolea. red-created wren*.
robins and many other birds, and the shelter
of the squirrels, etc.. all of which add greatly
to the' natural beauty and interest of Yoaetnlte.
Had there been time I would also have re
minded the commission that these beautiful
shrubs attract moisture and preserve motsture
In the Kround and are placed there for this
purpose in the rrand economy of nature. That
for till* reason they act a.* a. wet blanket on
accidental fire and should be Dreserred la
every possible way.
-I. We next spoke of the extensive fenced
pastures already existing in Yosemlte for tb«
purpose of Brazing the stock of concessioners,
and objected to the practice of letting th«
animals out of these pa»ture» to feed In every
nock and corner ot the valley, thereby ex
terminating the flow»r» which would otherwise
stand In perpetuity to d>ll«ht comln* genera
tions.
We finally claimed:
First— That no more ©"tares should »•
fenced In from this inalienable public reserva
tion.
Second — That the stock of concessioners
should be kept within tne pasture* assigned to
them.
Third — That the oaks being one of the most
exquisite park-like features of the valley and
being only sparsely scattered over It. should
remain there. That from this day not one
more should be cut down for the Ignoble pur
pose of stovewood or any other reason. .
Fourth — That the flowering shrubs should
rynmlg for t-i**ir mstf ulr.em In pr*?\ flr*
and as the homes of the birds and ctaer wild
creature* of Yoeemlte; also on acconnt of their
fitness and beauty as one of the r*re park
like features of the valley.
Kifth — That the deadly fire promoters, la
the way of dangerous fallen branches and
trees, should be gradually cleared up for stove,
wood and cam:? fires.
Btxth — That as coal oil and electricity wer«
both of them leas expensive for cooking than,
the cutting down of trees there waa not th»
slightest reason— on any count whatever— to
continue this mutilation of the gnat valley.
Seventh— That it should be the duty of some
trustworthy employe to see that any nr«
started accidentally or otherwise should be at
once extinguished In order to prevent the re
currence of the willful neglect of this last
summer. - • '
I would now add that we women of Saa
Francisco have Keen enouch of what these so
called experts recommend. In the dolnsrs of
last summer, and do not want any continuance
of the plans advised by them. Their measures
all tend to promote the growth of sraln hay
and the profits accruing therefrom, and. a» a
consequence, fhe extinction of the park-like
features of Ycsemlte.
Enormous pastures already exist In the val
ley and we feel that grain hay can also b«
grown elsewhere. In Golden Gate Park we
would scarcely like to see the cutting down
of oak* for stovewood and the clearing away
of shrubs for pastures. Why then should we
tolerate such things in a park of unparalleled
grandeur placed In our hands as a. trust — not
belonging exclusively to us— but at the same
time bringing In to the State a continually In
creasing ratio of enormous material returns.
An expert might tell me fifty times that
by cutting off my nose 1 would Improve my
face. I should still keep my now. An*- so
It is with our beautiful park In the heart of
the Sierras: these experts cannot persuade us
that It will be Improved by removing. Its
sparsely scattered oaks and destroying It*
park-like features. We prefer preserving them.
In Yosemlte Valley we want art assisting
nature by those who know the names of thea«
beautiful plants and trees and what they are
worth and Instead of the present destructive
and barbaric forces in Its management, we
want fostering Roving lxrVCilli , GS .
Ban Francisco. Oct. 7. /
The ladles who appeared at the meeting
with me were members of the. women's clubs
Jn this city. Many of them bad lately vUited
the valley ami had seen a rreat deal gou.s
on there whlcn was a libel on the culture ana
intelligence of Callfornlatns and wu only pos
sible In the reroute fastnesses of her moun
tains.
1. We therefore attended the commission
ers' last meeting and stated that Ihere had
been willful and cross neglect of forest fires
thin summer In the little Yoaemlte Valley
and <n the Tllonette Canyon, while the third
one near KI Capltan had been very Unily man
aged and that Kreat injury to the valley ha-i
resulted from this neulect.
Editor The Call: I have Just *t*a the re
port of the Yosemlt* ComralMloiwrs' meeting
as (riven out in the dailies of Tuesday. Sep
tember 29. As It contains a very incorrect
account of our statements to them I b*g
leave to make a more exact reowrt of what
was put before the commission.
The effect of borrowing upon the public credit is
best illustrated by Glasgow. In 1896 the 2V2 per
cent bonds of that city were at 139. Now they are
118. Her 2 z / 2 per cents were 103. Now they are 86.
Here we are just proposing to enter upon a policy
that in Great Britain has forced the taxpayers to pro
pose a limitation of the franchise, and that has
pushed taxation to the limit of endurance. We agree
with Governor Pingree that the taxpayer shall be left
free, and that public utilities in public ownership
shall carry their own bonds.
THE Examiner, in the course of its campaign
to urge that the city incumber itself with a debt
of $710,000 to try an experiment in business by
-o\vning and running the Geary-street road, resorts to
a public ownership publication in Great Britain
called the "Municipal Year Book." From this is ex
tracted evidence that government in /Great Britain
gets large profits by carrying on business enterprises.
If municipal government in that kingdom exist for
the purpose of conducting business for profit, it is on
a different basis from government in the United
States. Making bread and beer, building tenement
houses, and invading at many points the business
field, are now considered by the British socialists as
among the propet concerns of government. No
doubt American socialists entertain the same views
and are moving toward their realization by the same
steps that were taken in Great Britain. The effect
there has been a large increase in municipal debt and
taxation. Yet the socialists are not impressed by
this, but urge English towns forward in the Isame
line and to the conquest of other lines of business.
The London Times, after submitting expert re
ports on municipal trading, says: "The time has
come for the British people to say w.hether or not
they concur in the transfer, not only of great specu
lative and often even experimental industries, but of
all sorts of minor trades as well, to municipal con
trol; whether or not it is desirable that our towns
and cities should be changed into essentially s'qcialis
tic communities, where trade, industry and local gov
ernment will all be conducted^on socialistic lines;
whether or not the incurring of stupendous financial
iiabilities, the rapid accumulation of local debts, and
the increase to an almost unbearable extent of local
taxation, are consistent with the best interests, not
only of the towns and localities concerned, but of the
nation at large; and whether, assuming that all these
things are right and desirable, the status of our local
governing bodies is being maintained at so high a
point that one may feel perfect confidence in their
efficiency alike for dealing with questions of public
health and of ordinary local government, for the con
duct of so many great and varied industries -and en
terprises, and for the wise and effective control of a
huge municipal indebtedness, so that it shall not be
come a menace to the welfare of the country."
This raises the question of the political influence
of municipal employes engaged in the business en
terprises under public ownership. This has already
become a sore spot in Glasgow. In Birmingham it
has grown to be such an abuse that to meet it it is
proposed that all such municipal employes be dis
franchised, because they use the franchise in utter
disregard of the interests of the taxpayers. All over
Great Britain there is spreading a defensive "Prop
erty-owners' and Taxpayers' Association," organized
to resist the exactions of the municipal employes. It
will be seen, therefore, that in that kingdom a greater
evil has taken the place of what we complain of here
as the influence of corporations upon our legislative
bodies. It is a greater evil because corporate inter
ference in this country does not work a direct in
crease in our burden of public taxation.
In urging that the Geary-street bonds be made a
lien on the road only, we have had in mind the
avoidance of that crying evil which has compelled
the British taxpayers to organized resistance. It is
not true that to make the bonds a lien on the plant
alone is a bar to public ownership and a hindrance to
its administration. The late Governor Pingree of
Michigan was one of the earliest advocates of the
public ownership of street railways in this country.
While he was Governor he procured the passage by
the Legislature of the McLeod law, authorizing the
city of Detroit to acquire and operate street railroads'
which expressly provided that the credit of the city
should not be pledged to obtain funds for that
purpose, but that all bonds should be a lien on the
roads only, and their earnings alone should be
pledged as security. Pingree was undoubtedly im
pressed by the experience of Great Britain and de
sired to make it impossible for large bodies of mu
nicipal employes to compel legislation in their favor
to the oppression of the taxpayers. Even in Glasgow
the Lord Provost of the municipality has advocated
a limitation of the franchise of the 15,000 employes
because they abuse their power in politics. *
The Examiner shows, from the figures of the Mu
nicipal Year Book, a profit on the public ownership
of street railroads in Great Britain of $1,405,876.
Piofit on what? What is the capital borrowed?
What rate of interest does it bear, and what increase
in taxation does it cause?
The Royal Statistical Society of Great Britain, to
whose reports one must resort for accurate statistics,
shows for five years an average net profit on muni
cipal railways of only one-half of one per cent,
allowing oniy one-eighth of one per cent for depre
ciation. An expert actuary makes returns for thirty-,
five English towns that operate street railways, and
in twenty-one of these no provision is made for de
preciation, and no repair and betterment fund is put
aside.
Redwood is steadily gaining in popularity in the
Atlantic States. A company with capital of $1,000,000
has recently been formed in this city,' including
the head men of all the leading redwood companies in
California, . with great holdings of timber lands, for
the purpose of extending the American market for
California's unique wood. A large plant for hand
ling the lumber will be. erected at Antioch, and it is
proposed to ; there maintain" a" supply of between
20,000,000 and 30,000,000,/feet for Eastern shipment.
The plant is j estimated/ to cost nearly $1,000,000.
Distributing jagencies will be established in large
cities. It is necessary, to add- to facilities for produc
ing the marketable article. Recently the local de-»
mand has been up to; the supply. The Eastern mar
ket has made ; demands that' must be met.
Look. in any direction that they may, the owners
of redwood timber are -in a position to see bright
visions. The unparalleled growth of San Erancisco
has made it pecessary to provide vast quantities of
building material for use here. While business
blocks and" hotels, are more largely constructed
of steel and brick and stone than formerly, the great
array of apartment houses, family hotels and resi
dences that' will be needed to accommodate the
growing population' of this and other cities will keep
mills busy oni large orders. The signs in the East
and in England have been outlined.
ing the total for the year 3,138,000 feet, valued at
§65,172. / 1
These indications of growth in the foreign demand
are cheering. Th,e money received for the cargoes
will be expended in California and largely in Hum
boldt County. The Standard says that'the'eounties
of Humboldt, Mendocino and Del Norte alone "can
cut 800,000,000 feet of redwood each year, and the
last year in the century will. see as large a cut as the
first."
POMMI^ION
REPORTS ON
BIG BASIN PARK
WOMEN PLEAD
FOR YOSEMITE'S
' PRESERVATION
WHAT THE FiGUHES SHOW.
THE SAN. lEANCISCO CALL, THUKSDAY, OCTOBER 8. 1903.
JOHN F. DAVIS
IS TO CODIFY
STATE'S LAWS
DISTINGUISHED JURIST WHO
HAS BEEN APPOINTED CODE
COMMISSIONER. .
Russia, it is announced, is somewhat disturbed
over the military and naval activity of .Japan and
views, with suspicion the mobilization of troops in
Korea. If Russia is disturbed at this demonstration
it would be interesting to know how to characterize
the feelings of Japan if the Czar ever gets real mad.
IT is pleasing to learn from the Humboldt Stan
dard that there is a marked increase in the Eng
.lish demand for California redwood, as indicated
by the shipments from the port of Eureka during, the
first ten months of the present year. Five fully laden
vessels have sailed from Humboldt Bay for England,
carrying out cargoes valued in the aggregate at $104,-.
613. The lumber s# shipped is 4,000,000 feet, in
round figures. Two vessels are under charter to ar
rive and load clear redwood lumber for England dur
ing the present reason.
There were cleared only two vessels with redwood
cargoes from Eureka to England at the correspond
ing date in 190.2. They carried 1,766,000 feet, valued
at ?33.&J4- Later two other cargoes went out, mak-
EXTENDING OUR MARKETS
From. San Francisco— W. Mackle at, the
"Victoria, Dr. J. I. Manson'at the Herald
Square, S. M. Ehrman and M. Ehrman at
the Manhattan, T. B. Gary and -wife at
the Earfingtbn, A. . Sutro at ¦ the Herald
Square, H. T. -Weil at the .Hotel Man
hattan, Mrs. J. Zwelg at the Hotel Na
varre, W. Moran.at the Astor, • "W.. L.
Fierce: at the Herald Square. From San
Jose— Miss Kirk and Miss E. Kirk at the
Murray j Hill. : , From Los Angeles-^R. H.
Lang and wife and Miss S. Lang at the
Imperial, Miss A. Lacy and R. H. Lacy
at . the i Albemarle, A. B. Tomllnson and
wife at the Normandie, C. Ganahl at the
Cosmopolitan, LJ Isaacs at the Herald
Square, Dr. S. F.; Johnson at the, Con
tinental. From San Diego— Sy Baldwin
at the Park Avenue. -.' '~;/-. -
NEW YORK, Oct. 7. — The following
Calif ornians are registered at New York
hotels:
Calif ornians in New York.
6
A FEW days ago a famous and stunning beauty abruptly termina-
ted her own wedding ceremony by refusing to xeneat the word
"Obey" after the officiating clergyman. In consequence she
- is -tilr unmarried and her action has set the East by the ear3. In
the discussion pro and con (and it is truly remarkable what stand
the women have taken) Father John Talbot Smith of the Catholic
church was -appealed to. He has, given his dictum in no uncertain words.
"To tell the truth." he said, "I do not think it is a practical ques-
tion at all. this one of eliminating the word obey. It is in the nature of
things that the man should command and woman should obey, no mat-
ter how many statutory provisions you make, simply because a man likes
to command and a woman likes to obey.
"What is the use of statutes against a natural proclivity or condition?
You can see the wisdom of the church in omitting this word from its
ritual.
•*A woman who refuses to obey might please her fancy by the mere
declination to follow a custom, yet she might be the quickest to obey
her husband.
"That is where nature is stronger than ideas. Ideas may become
fads, existing f r a short while, but nature goes right on. r
.."1 notice that men are glad to get the women they want to marrv
and the women are equally glad to marry, obey or not, regardless of all
fads and fancies."
There are so many who differ with the reverend father that what
they have to say'forms one of the most interesting pages in the next
Sunday Call.
It is almost that very same quality of circumstance that forms the
t,heme of Robert Barr's great romantic story, "The King Investigates,"
and by perhaps a strange coincidence the problem is solved in a novel
way in the fourth and last installment of E. W. Townsend's latest and
best novel, "Lees and Leaven." which- will appear next Sunday. The
famous creator of "Chimmie Fadden" has made a big sensation since ap-
pearing as a writer in the Sunday Call.
Then there is a page of "Half-Hour Storiettes," which treats the
problem* from quite a different point of view. There you have four of
the cleverest and most touching romances ever written. "The Voice and
the Violin" especially and "The Grammar of Love" as well, which is a
story that you will never forget.
Then there is one of Frank H. Spearman's wonderful two-oaec
railroad stories. "De Molay Four," which, if you read it (and of course
you will), will constantly recur to your mind with a strange thrill every
time you see the moon. Why? Because Frank H. Spearman wrote it
and the moon wouldn't be in it if it were not dramatic.
And now harken to a few other special features, which can only be
mentioned in brief because there are so many good things in the next
Sunday Call. *
First, the "Me-ows of a Kitty" (are you watching those cats'V
the fourth talk to parents on the "Punishment .f Children " which will
explain to you some of the reasons why you were whipped when v««
did not deserve it. when you were young, and why you were not thra<:h^
when you did deserve it: "The Effect of Imperialist on National Charac
ter," by Dr. Richard Garnett. C. B.; 'The Etiquette of the AutomnhiV "
by Madge Moore; "Recollections and Reflections." by Thomas FUch
which will.tell you things about the Bonanza Kings of the West that you
didn t know before, and. oh. ever so many things besides'
Just watch for the Dictures.
Love, Honor and ? Obey.P. Nolan, a sailor on board the Bosque
hannah, was remanded yesterday to tho
custody of the master of the vessel by
United States Court Commissioner Hea
cock. He had deserted from the ship and
had appeared In the Police Court as a
witness against Mate R. W. King, whom
he had charged with battery.
Deserting Sailor Remanded.
Thomas Mahoney, 1147% Howard street,
was convicted by Police Judge Fritz yes
terday on a charge of battery and was
ordered Into custody to appear for sen
tence this morning. The complaining wit
ness was Otto Lemcke, a Deputy Sheriff,
who testified that he went to Mahoney's
house to serve a summons and Mahoney
attacked him and Severely beat him.
Assaulted a Deputy Sheriff.
Tho preliminary examination of Phodon
Howard and Edward J. Hughes on a
charge of forgery was commenced before
Police Judge Cabaniss yesterday. Colonel
F. E. Beck, president of the International
Banking Corporation, testified to the de
fendants calling upon him on September
23, representing that they were agents for
the Artists' League and were empowered
to solicit subscriptions from prominent
citizens for pen and ink sketches to be
displayed at the league's exhibition at
the Palace Hotel. He gave Howard a
check for $100, and at Howard's sugges
tion made it payable to "John Hay," who.
Howard paid, was the treasurer of the
league. The check was indorsed "John
Hay" and cashed. The caso was contin
ued for a week.
Colonel Beck Testifies.
The brief exhibits much legal researeS
and judicial reasoning. United States
Immigrant Commissioner North has
mailed the protest and brief to Secretary;
Ccrtelyou.
United States Immigrant ComxnlssSsner
Hart H. North was served yesterday with
a protest from tho Oceanic Steamship
Company against the payment of J3 per
capita tax or deposit on alien passenger*
in transit through the United State*. Tha
protest covers passengers that arrive at
this port by tbe Oceania lino from. Syd
ney, N. S. W., and way ports. Th«
grounds of the protest are that, under
section 1 of the immigration- act, passen
gers in transit through tho United States
for a foreign country are exempt front
the payment of a head tax. and that th«
act does not authorize tho Immigration
officers to make any demand of tho alien
transit passettger. nor of tho owners or
agents of the vessel bringing 1 them, for
such, or any other payment on such tran
sit passengers. The protest complains
that in many Instances the money so paid
has not been refunded after positive proof
had been produced at this port that tha
transit passenger had left the United
States long before the thirty days after
landing at this port had expired. Th*
point is made that It la tbe duty of tha
immigration officers to . ascertain by the
passengers' through tickets or other evi
dence which passengers are In transit and
which are not. Tha protestant asks that
the matter be- referred to the United
States Attorney General for his opinion.
Accompanying the protest is an ex
haustive brief, written by W. Ford
Thomas, customs representative of the
company, in which several court decisions
are cited as sustaining his contention that
the action of the immigration ofncials vir
tually amounts to an amendment of the
act of Congress and for that reason Is
illegal and void. For Instance, In tbe case
of the United States against Burko tha
court said:
"The legislation contained in th» various
statutes that have been passed relating to
Immigration is clearly directed against tha
Immigration of certain classes of persons who
come In with Intent to enter Into and becom*
a part of the mass of its citizens or popula
tlon."
Mr. Thomas raises tho point that rule
IS of the department imposing the head
tax upon passengers in transit is void,
as being in excess of the law, and quotes
from the case of Anchor vs. Howe tho
following remark of the court:
"It has been frequently held by the
Supreme and other United States courts
that regulations in conflict with the taw ar«
Invalid; those which enlarge its requirements,
though not In exact conflict with or contra
diction of It, should be likewise regarded."
Mr. Thomas continues:
The law. In effect, levies a head tax on cer
tain immlirrants and in the same breath and
in clearest phrase provides that said head tax
shall not be levied upon aliens in transit.
Such payment is called a deposit by the rule,
but if it is a lawful collection It Is a head
tax. for only a head tax. may be collected un
der the hw. If It is not a head tax It la ex
tortion, \>lracy; and the piracy Is none the
less mitigated by the promise to refund the
so-called deposit upon proof presented withla
thirty (leys after landing 1 that the exempt
alien has passed out of the United States, for
If the Government is not entitled to the $3
absolutely it Is not entitled to It at all. It
Is not entitled to possession depending: upon
unlawful force for one lota of time. When the
deposit is collected it is from a class exempt
under the law. It Is the duty of th« Immi
gration ofncials to determine tho status of
every passenger In order that the proper head
tax may b« collected. This duty should b«
so performed that there would be no contin
gent list subject to deposit; that the head
tax may be collected as to the passengers
liable therefor and not collected from thosa
not liable. It Is as much a duty to determine
and establish the status of exemption as It is
to determine and establish the status of lia
bility. There is no law requiring; a deposit
relative to passengers exempt. As well might
the Collector require a deposit of $G p«r pound
upon an Importation of coffee on the ground
that possibly the coftew might be prepared
opium, and then provide* that th« deposit
might be refunded upon satisfactory proof that
the coffee was really coffee and not prepared,
opium. ; t
The board referred the petition of the
Union Oil Company for permission to
maintain a spur track on Illinois street
south from Sixteenth to the City 'Engi
neer for investigation. Inspector of Com
plaints Griffin reported that the spur
track^ together with pipe lines, had al
ready been laid at great expense and
without any knowledge of the law or that
a provision of a franchise granted the
Santa Fe Railroad Company for the use
of the street.
The board awarded the contract for flues
and chimneys in the Noe Valley School
building to Archibald W. Murphy for $350.
The Board of Puhllc "Works yesterday
decided to transmit a formal request to
City Attorney Lane to prepare an amend
ment to the charter so that progressive
payments may be made on public con
tracts. Commissioners Manson. Casey and
Schmitx were of the opinion that the pro
posed amendment is necessary.
As the charter stands any contractor
who bids for work is obliged to wait
until he completes it before he receives
his money. This works well with small
contracts, but in those of greater mag
nitude the effect of the charter provision
is to exclude small contractors from bid
ding.
Tho proposed new sewer system for
which bonds will be Issued was discussed
by the board. It was stated that some
of the contracts for the system will foot
up as high as $400,000, and under the
charter provisions that the work shall
not bo paid for until completed but one
or two contractors would be able to un
dertake such a contract. Even then it
is doubtful whether they would bid if
they had to wait for such a large amount.
It is thought that interest on the outlay
made by the contractor might be included
in the bid and the price of the work would
bo materially raised In that way.
Commissioner Schmitz was emphatic in
his advocacy of a charter amendment
permitting progressive payments. He
called attention to the fact that the
amendment was submitted to the^people
at a recent election, but It failed to carry
because It was saddled with other amend
ments considered objectionable. It Is the
desire of the commission that the plan
in use by the Federal and State govern
ments for progressive payments on con
tracts should be followed in the main.
the Law.
Takes the Ground That Offi
cials May Not Amend
Under Present Law Only
Rich Operators Will Bid
for Sewer System.
W. Ford Thomas Files
a Brief for Oceanic
Company.
Favors Progressive Pay
ments on Public
Contracts.
BOARD WOULD
AMEND CHARTER
PAYS HEAD TAX
UNDER PROTEST
The Department of State has directed
the Collector of the' Port to recognize Don
Felipe Rodriguez Mayorga as Consul Gen
eral at this port for Nicaragua. - „ .
Consul for Nicaragua.
A jury in Judge Graham's court yes
terday gave a verdict for the defendant
In the suit of Thomas Duffy against Jafet
Lindeberg. The suit was for $900,000. Duffy
claiming that the defendant took that
amount in gold dust from a claim owned
by him. The testimony showed that Duffy
had sold the claim to the defendant for
J20.000.
LindebeTg Wins Mining Suit.
Do you want to mortgage the city to
enable corrupt politicians to ran a street
railway that is running: already? If
not, vote to-day agr&inst the issuance of
the Geary-street bonds.
No Trace of Pillsbury.
Although tbe police and the officials of
the Santa Fe road are still diligently
searching for a clew that may reveal the
whereabouts of Frank Pillsbury, the em
ploye of the company who mysteriously
disappeared last Friday afternoon, their
efforts have so far been fruitless. W. J.
Shattuck, a former clerk of the Santa Fe
Company, reported yesterday that he saw
Pillsbury in Sacramento on Saturday, and
another man named Mayer informed the
railroad representatives that he is certain
that Pillsbury was aboard the ferry-boat
bound for this city at*l o'clock 8unday.
A telegraphic inquiry eent to Sacramento
yesterday, however, brought the response
that the missing clerk could not be found
there and had not been seen by those
who know him. Pillsbury's friends in
this city fear that he has made away
with himself.
BTTRIED TJNDEB WALLS.
Four Workmen Killed by Storm at
Omaha.
OMAHA, Neb., Oct. 7.— A windstorm
which struck the eastern portion of
Omaha this afternoon blew down a brick
wall at the north end of the new Union
Pacific shops, burying four workmen, one
cf whom. A. T. Ratliffe of Lawrence.
Kane., was killed end the other three se
riously injured and several others slight
ly hurt. The seriously injured are: L.
Hecnlngton Nat Brown and Joseph Leon
ard, all of Omaha. While all three were
seriously cut and bruised by the falling
brick, none will die.
C. F. Robertson, a cigar dealer, who
was leaving; the Merchants' National
Bank during the storm, was knocked
senseless by a falling screen, but was not
dangerously hurt.
Beveral buildings in the east end were
Shaken considerably, among them being
the five-etory building of the Union Pa
cific headquarters. The newly completed
walls rf the shep building were being
made ready for the roof and were thought
to be substantial. The heavy wind, how
ever, crushed them in, causing a complete
wreck.
The iniured men were removed to a
hospital in ambulances. It was believed
for a time that several others were bu
rled la the ruins but all the workmen
have been accounted for.
Hattie Eaton Discharged.
Hattie Eaton, the young woman who
was locked up in the detention ward of
the Emergency Hospital on a charge of
insanity, waa released yesterday after
noon and given into the custody of her
mother. She had been accused of insan
ity by Joseph Landgraf of Mill Valley,
who claimed she was continually haunt
ing his son.
Sues King's Executors.
Daniel and James King, executors of
the will of the late Cornelius King, were
sued yesterday by Kate Donovan, nee
Wholley. for $2343 75 due her from the
estate. She claims the court approved
her claim but that the defendants have
failed to pay it.
NAMES CAMPAIGN MANAGEBS.
Party Organizes.
County Committee of Union Labor
The Central Committee of the Union
Labor party met last night and organized
permanently by electing Thomas Reagan
chairman and J. A. McManus secretary.
A campaign committee of eighteen mem
bers was selected, consisting of Thomas
Dolan. James J. Kennedy, J. A. Wilson,
J. B. Williams. J. M. Copus, J. P. Ma
gee. John McKeon. Z. B. Benham, C. A.
Lovey. J. J. Connolly, J. W. Bellett, W.
G. Burton, N. G. Boloo, E. J. Kirwin, J.
W. Spencer, Alfred Roncovieri and J. W.
Dueoing.
A committe on finance was appointed,
consisting of Vincent Bellew, John H.
Wiedman, James Reaving, J. B. Pieruc
cini and Bert La Rue. A press commit
tee was named, consisting of William
Menham, Ernest Meyer. E. T. Kane, C.
J. Williams and J. Weihman. A commit
tee to visit the- unions was appointed,
consisting of John F. Harper, John J.
Smith and E. E. Goldenstein. Mayor
Schmitz was present and delivered a short
address. ' ' •---—— ._
. Go ' to the polls , to-day and " put your
¦tamp of disapproval on the ' scheme , of
tax-eaters to ; lien the city for . the pur
chase of the Geary- street road, that they
may^wftx fa» ' - _
ONE OF THE BOYS.
In speaking about the standard bearer
he said: , .
I want you to remember tbe - head of oui
IMPROVE THE CITY.
Now I don't Dlay any lone hand on this
ticket. I want to go In with the whole
crowd. I want every man whose name Is on
the ticket I represent to have a seat in th<s
City Hall, where he can welcome his friends.
I want him to be there as the best public
official that the Republican party can give
to the voters of San Francisco. 1 think that
every man who has Indorsed the platform, of
the Republican party Is a man who will' do
his duty by the people of San Francisco, with
out respect to any creed or class or without
any desire of favoring any one.
Wt are going to have a chance to Improve
this city and we are going to have a chance to
Improve the city in its entirety. We ere
going to have better streets, sewers, public
parks, as there has been a large sum allotted
for that purpose, and It will make San Fran
cisco a city to be proud of.
. I don't want to repeat myself, but I said
the other night I want to see the workingmen
get every dollar of the bond Issue they are
entitled to and I want to see you taxpayers
and citizens sret all tho results that will ac
crue. I don't make much of a speech, but I
pledge you my word I have no desire to do
anything as Mayor that won't redound to the
credit of Henry J. Crocker as Mayor and re
dound to the. credit of San Francisco as the
best-governed cltr in the Union. (Great rp
plause.)
George Dletterle, candidate for Super
visor, spoke at length on the qualifications
of the men on the ticket. . He praised
Treasurer McDougald, Tax E.
J. Smith and Auditor-Harry Baehr, who
he said were entitled to re-election, as
they had conducted their offices in an
honorable and economical manner. He
appealed to the voters to stand by the
ticket. , S^-V;
under the auspices of the H.
J. Crocker^Club of the Thirty-first Dis
trict. It was the first of its kind attend
ed by Mr. Crocker and he was greatly
pleased with his reception. When he en
tered the hall he was given hearty cheers.
His speech was a simple one and he was
given the closest attention during Its de
livery. In the absence of Jeremiah O.
Shea, president of the organization, Wil
liam J. Bell, the secretary, presided and
introduced the various speakers who ad
dressed the voters of the district. In the
course of his address the Republican
standard bearer said:
I am not much of a speechmaker, but I can
certainly say something that comes from my
heart. I am here to-night In response to a
call that was made some time before I was
given the nomination. Some of the boys from
this district came down to my office and said:
"Henry, we are going to run you for office
and we want you to get out among us a»
eoon as j'ou are nominated." I said: "Gen
tlemen, I have not had the pleasure of being
approached by any member of the commit
tee who Is seeking a candidate," and they
said: "The people are going to nominate you
for Mayor and they are going to elect you."
(Cries of "You bet they will," and applause.)
Now the night of my nomination I met some
of the gentlemen from this district, among
them a man who is known not to be energetic,
but Is generally around when the bell rings
(laughter), and he said: "I have a hall en
gaged and I want you to name the night.
Don't make any engagements." I told him
there and then that the first time I appeared
In public It would be at his beck' and call. Un
fortunately they got up another meeting and I
appeared t her *t DUt It wa * ' n m >* heart to
do what I told Mr. Bell, and I therefore tak«
the first opportunity to make good my promise.
But you are not Interested in that.
HENRY J. CROCKER, the Re
publican candidate for Mayor,
addressed an enthusiastic
meeting In Eintracht Hall last
night. The meeting was held
Other speakers addressed the meeting.
Candidates told their fitness- for office.
During the evening music was furnished
by young residents of the district and re
freshments were served. -The initial meet
ing of -the: Henry J. Crocker Club was a
great success. Mr. Crocker made many
friends by meeting the members person
ally. -V^^c ?>~;'c;-: ' .
Resolved, That this club elect delegates to
meet the delegates of the various Assembly
districts on" Saturday evening, October 10, . at
8 o'clock, at 739 Market street, for the pur
pose of organizing the Crocker League of
Clubs. v T^-
Resolved, That said clubs shall Have a cen
tral organization composed of one delegate to
each fifty bona fide members on said club rolls;
further '.
William H. McCarthy presented the fol
lowing resolution, which was adopted by
a unanimous vqte:
Resolved, That we, the members of the
Thirty-first Assembly District H. J. Crocker
Club, in body assembled, proceed to organize in
each of the various Assembly districts of tho
city and county of San Francisco clubs to
be known as the Crocker League of Clubs.
Said clubs shall be composed of the support
ers of the Hon. H. J. Crocker, our standard
bearer for Mayor, of the city and county of
San Francisco.
I am like the smnll boy who follows the
great man — I am at Crocker's coattalls during
this campaign. He represents each and every
Interest In the city and county of San Fan
clsco. Tbe newspapers of the entire State
have been clamoring for years for a greater
San Francisco. The opportunity Is before you.
We can well appreciate the fact that each
one of you here Is a friend of Henry J. Crock
er. What we ask of you Is to get In the band
wagon. We aek you to get five votes and in
turn ask five more to vote for Crocker. We
need Crocker. We want Crocker. We know
if we have Crocker we will be properly repre
sented. (Applause.)
He was introduced and was given a
warm greeting. In part he said:
Milton Esberg, who is a member of the
campaign committee and has been doing
yeoman work in behalf of the United Re
publican League, has taken up the task
of bringing about the success of the Re
publican ticket. He accompanied Mr.
Crocker on his rounds last night and will
do so throughout the campaign.
GREATER SAN FRANCISCO.
While awaiting the arrival of Mr.
Crocker the time was taken up by E. M.
Ritter, a member of the campaign com
mittee, who explained the issues to those
present. Mr. Ritter made a fervent ap
peal for the election of the entire tick
et. In speaking for the standard bearer
he said:
I appeal to the voters to elect a man who will
take care of the Immense sum voted for public
Improvements. I believe tho head of the Repub
lican ticket is one of the finest, grandest men in
California. He has been identified with the In
terests of this State for many years. He Is
a man, Kentlemen, whom you can depend upon.
I warrant the opposition has tested him on
every point; has figured Into his past and they
have watched him and looked him through and
through, and to-day they have found not a
single thing against him. He Is a man. He
is a man whose paat recommends his future.
He has been successful In business and is the
kind of man we want to put at the head of
our municipal covernment, because he knows
how to transact the business of the city. Ap
plause.)
ticket. Don't think because he lives on the
other side of town he is aeainst us. He Is
one of the boys. You -will like him. He Is
nu honorable man and a man who is entitled
t-> your consideration."- I trust you will all
remember him on November 3.
Republican Standard -Bearer Creates Fine
Impression Among the Laboring
Classes.
The assertion- is freely made In the
guilds of labor that Mayor Schmitz is the
creature of Ruef and Parry. The small
vote cast at the recent primary election
by the Union Labor party is accepted as
proof of the lack of enthusiasm for the
Mayor in the ranks of his own party.
The Republican ratification meeting at
the Alhambra Theater next Saturday
night is engaging the attention of tho
candidates and the campaign committee.
All citizens, irrespective of party affilia
tion, will be unwelcome, as the candidacy
of Mr. Crocker represents the ' spirit of
progress in San Francisco. All voters de
siring the expansion and development of
the city on true lines of greatness are in
vited to support the Republican nominees.
CREATURE OF RUEP.
The popularity of Henry J. Crocker la
everywhere demonstrated. The business
men, workingmen and taxpayers general
ly hail him as the next Mayor of San
Francisco. The candidate takes the reins
of leadership in an easy, graceful style.
He is alert and affable and has many per
sonal friends and old acquaintances in
every section of the city. He is not ac
claimed as an orator who parades the
town with a vocabulary of high-soundlns
phrases, but Is simply greeted as a square
and capable business man who is familiar
with the management of large affairs.
When it comes to giving the campaign
glad hand to every one along the line
Henry Crocker is not outclassed by that
prince of glad-handers, Julius Kahn.
Everywhere the remark is made. "The
fight is between Crocker and Schmilz."
The fact is so obvious that it does not es
cape the notice of delegates to the recont
McNab convention. Mayor Schmitz's ef
forts to create a class Issue are unavail
ing. The Republican organization com
mittee has positive assurance that many
labor union men who voted for Mr.
Schmitz in 1901 have resolved to vote for
Mr. Crocker at the next tlectlon.
CBOCKEB'S POPULARITY.
same place last night a confer
ence of the campaign committee and the
candidates on the Republican ticket took
place. Views regarding the contest were
freely expressed. There is not the slight
est feeling of despondency or doubt in the
Republican camp. District workers send
word to the central organization that the
people are predicting the election of Hen
ry J. Crocker to the office of Mayor and
also predicting the success of the entire
Republican ticket. Party leaders are
warning the club workers of the darger
of overconfldence, telling them that th«
bright prospects of victory should not
cause relaxation of work.
THE campaign committee of the
Republican party, W. J. Dutton
chairman, held another impor
tant session at 16 Geary street
yesterday afternoon. At trie
Campaign Committee
of Republicans
Is Active.
Heavy rain ar.d wind stcrms were gen
eral all over Central Kansas last night.
With the exception of those near Hamil
ton end Alicevilie and vicinity only minor
damage was done. In Greenwood and
Coffey counties five distinct funnel shaped
clouds formed at about the same time.
The two largest cf these clouds struck
near Aliceville and, traveling southwest,
destroyed buildings and crops over a strip
a Quarter of a. mile in width. At Alice
vine every one of the fifty houses in the
town was either totally wrecked or moved
from its foundation. The two general
merchandise stores there, one owned by
T. C. Jones and the other belonging to
D. R. Grant, were totally wrecked and
the entire contents destroyed.
On the opposite side of the street two
blacksmith shoi>s, a lumber yard, the
Methodist church and the Missouri Pa
eiflc depot were demolished. At Alice
ville but one person, William Bruce, was
seriously hurt. He was crushed by fall
ing timbers and probably will die. South
west of Alioeville. In Ccffey County, heavy
damage was done to farming property.
The farm house of John Earlwlne was
torn to pieces and four members of the
family injured, tut none dangerously. A
baby was blown a distance of fifty yards
and Buffered only slight bruises. A school
house was blown down and the hcuse of
J. \V. Atherton blown away. All the
members cf the Atherton family except
a young daughter escaped injury. Her
leg was nearly severed by flying timbers
and she is In a serious condition.
. The other Injured lived four miles west
of Hamilton where within a limited lo
cality nine farm houses were destroyed.
Many small buildings were turned over
end hundreds of stacks of hay and corn
shocks scattered.
Injured at Aliceville and vicinity: Wil
liam Bruce, fatally injured; four mem
bers of the family of John Earlwlne. none
fatally; young daughter of J. W. Whor
ton eerious.
The injured near Hamilton: TV. E. W.
Bailey, two sons and two daughters, one
eon. Ollie, fatally hurt; H. E. Heberlin,
wife and child; E. S. Manis and wife.
Unknown man
EMPORIA, Kans., Oct. 7.— Three per
sons were killed outright, two fatally in
jured and fourteen others more or lees
seriously hurt, besides enormous property
damage, as the result of tornadoes that
prevailed near Hamilton, Greenwood
County, and at and near Aliceville, in
Ccffey County, Kansas, last night. The
town cf AIIcevfBe, which has 200 inhabi
tants, was practically demolished. Wires
were prostrated and the extent of the
Ftorm. was not learned until late to-day.
The list of casualties may yet be Incom
plete. The dead near Hamilton:
EDITH BAIL£Y. 16 years of age,
laughter of W. E. W. Bailey.
MR. GILMAN. father of Mrs. John
Bailey.
Town of Aliceville Is Almost
Completely Destroyed
by Storm.
It will be necessary to have the inves
tigation made by a man who is familiar
¦with the manner of shipping California
fruit and all the details of the business.
He will need to have pertinacity and also
skill in finding out what Is concealed as
as it can be by Interested middle
men. He must be familiar with fruit val
ues, that he may be able to form a com
petent Judgment in the markets. He will
be sent, undoubtedly, to New York, Chi
cago, Philadelphia, St. Louis and Boston,
in Ehort, to all places where large quan
tities of California fruit are marketed.
The investigation ought to result in
bringing to light much that will be of
value in guiding the fruit growers of Cal
ifornia in their future dealings.
Years ago, at the beginning of the mar
keting of California raisins in the East,
Arthur B. R. Briggs. the present man
ager of the State Board of Trade, went
to Chicago and there discovered that the
commission men were treating the raisin
growers about as the deciduous fruit
raisers have since been served. A report
was made and the raisin men acted
promptly in their own behalf. Since then
the raisin men have organized and they
ship no goods on commission. On the
contrary, they make actual sales and re
ceive checks before the goods are deliv
ered.
SKILLFUL MAN NEEDED.
The resolution adopted Tuesday after
noon at the monthly meeting of the State
Board of Trade 13 as follows:
Resolved, That the manager of this board
be instructed to report to the board the prac
ticability of Instituting a general Inquiry Into
the fruit market, foreign and domestic, with
reference to an ascertainment of all the facts
relating to such market, and especially with
reference to the relation between the amount
returned from tbe reported sales of fruit and
tha actual amount obtained from euch sales;
and further, to the end that the price paid to
tha fruit crower of this State shH41 more
nearly correspond to the price at which the
fruit product of California reaches the con
sumer; and that the manager is requested to
report to th« board, at its next meeting, the
practicability and cost of such inquiry.
The Board of Trade has sufflcient
money on hand to pay for the cervices
and expenses of a competent man for this
important mission. At the meeting of
Tuesday a balance of good size was re
ported to b« on hand. There is little
doubt that Manager Briggs will report
that the investigation is feasible. Indeed,
he says there Is no doubt of its feasibil
ity. His principal duty in the premises
will be to Inquire into the cost. He will
set about this without delay.
RESOLUTION ADOPTED.
In view of the surpassing importance of
this matter great care will be exercised,
so says Manager Arthur R. Briggs of the
State Board of Trade, in selecting the
man who will go East to find out for the
fruit men all the facts.
The investigation into tho methods of
selling California fruit in the Easfern
market that Is proposed by the California
State Board of Trad© Is likely to have
wide scope. No such investigation has
ever been made in behalf of the whole
fruit industry of this State. Between the
sums that the growers ought to receive
annually and tho amounts they actually
pet for their fruit there Is a difference
that amounts to many thousands of dol
lars. Every fruit grower in the State is
pecuniarily Interested in the outcome of.
the search for truth in this direction.
What has been suspected to be the evil
practices of many who make money as
middlemen in handling- the output of Cal
ifornia orchards and vineyards will either
stand revealed in the full glare of day
light or Will be proved not to exist.
rhree Persons Are Killed
and Many Suffer
Irjury.
Money on Hand to Pay for
Sending Representative
to the East.
Inquiry About Market
ing State Products
Has Wide Scope.
TORNADOES
PLAY HAVOC
IN KANSAS
MOVE CONCERNS
ALL FRUIT MEN
CROCKER RECEIVES HEARTY GREETING
FROM VOTERS OF THIRTY-FIRST DISTRICT
THE SAN FHANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1903.
HENRY J. CROCKER, REPUBLI
CAN STANDARD BEARER, AD
DRESSING VOTERS.
7
POLITICAL CABDS.
For
Mayor
HENRY J, CROCKER
Republican
Nominee
For Tax Collector
Edward J.
SMITH
(INCUMBENT.)
R^aular Republican Nominee
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Bi<$hrt 6?
If 7° n desire to make a «avin«; on your shoes for 1
rN^^Hr^ fall you will he Interested in this two-day sale of I
L v\ \$M.I new fall shoes. We are goinsr to offer some extraor- I
f ' " \wL dinary values Just at the beginning- of the season— I
/ \«SPl J U8t when yon want to stock up for fall acA winter. I
/ «rWSSV It is hardly necessary to retell again the story of J
rv Qr-st high quality — yon know what the Kanfmmrm stand-
/ \. f' -rifti. ar d Is. We are not off erinjr an accumulation of odd
I . '\A sizes and unsalable styles, but the best, tx*%Tx from
I -.®\ the best manufacturers of the world. Tha window
\ >w x^^ • A display will give yon an idea of the quality and style.
ra&gfe^ (& LADIES' KID LACS SHOES — They are ;
zDkSx. made on the latest last, with patent
*^Hjr \ leather tips and light, flexible soles.
\ X. They are our regular $2.50 shoe, and
\^ - J(S^H«— are without equal In San Francisco at
>^^/KQ3grav that price. TVe will offer them Thurs- t
day and Friday at $2.13 3
I.ADIE3' nSE KID LACE SHOES — This is an elegant dress shoe. I
with French heels and patent leather tips. It Is a shoe that sells I
regularly for $3 50. We will offer it Thursday and Friday for.$2.85 J
> LADIES' PELT ROME OS — They are made of good quality thick and I
heavy felt, with hand-turned soles; colors black and red; special I
for Thursday and Friday '. 90o 1
MEN'S LACE SHOES — Made of box calf or vicl kid. with medium |
heavy soles. We back them with our full guarantee. They are 5
sold regularly at $2.50. Special Thursday and Friday 33.15 I
MEN'S ENAMEL SHOES — An ideal fall and winter shoe that Is m*de 3
• on an entirely new and swell last, with double soles. This shoe I
always sells for $3.50; special Thursday and Friday $3.10 \
BOYS' LACE SHOES — Made of vici kid. with medium heavy sole. Good i
for dress or school wear. &
Sizes 9 to 13 Sizes 13# to 2 81.60 I
Sizes 2% to 5 Vs 51.80 I
CHXLDEN'S PATENT LEATHSEl BUTTON SHOES — A very dressy 1
shoe with a plain broad toe tmd red ooze top. f
Sizes 2 to 5!i $1.30 Sizes 5 to 8 with spring heel. 31 .80 §
-. SHOH TREES /
Shoe trees are forms to place In the shoe after it is taken off the /
foot and the purpose is to straighten out the wrinkles In the leather /
and to preserve the shape and good appearance of the shoe. /
We have them for both ladies' and men's shoes and will J
offer them as a special Thursday and Friday at 55c P ==: % =:: ==-
f\^832 MARKET st.5.F'-*O 1
tiood Shoes^jggjiB^IR. II. E.
Seattle 00000220 x— 4 7 2
Sacramento ... 0000001 1 1 — 3 7 0
Battfries — Barber and Byers; Keefe and
Hotan. ¦ Umpire- — O'Connell.
R II. E.
Portland '. 00020010 0 — ;l S 4
Oakland 20011000 1— 'B 4 3
Batteries — Thlelman and Shea; Cooper and
Gorton. Umpire — Levy.
SEATTLE, Oct. 7. — Both Barber and Keefe
pitched winning: ball to-day, but the work of
the Seattle man In the neld was cleaner cut.
With one hit needed to tie the score In the
ninth Graham went to bat for Hoican and
struck out. Score:
PORTLAND. Oct. 7. — Although Thlelman
held Oakland down to four hits, the poor sup
port he received lost him the game. He struck
out five men. Cooper pitched good ball. Score:
Make Only Four Hits, but Pitcher Is
Poorly Supported.
OAKLAND DEFEATS PORTLAND.
PACIFIC. COAST LEAGUE.
(Standing of the Clubs.)
: "-\ W. U Pet. | ,W. L. Pet.
toe Angeles.105 «l .(KW 1 Portland ...7^ 87 .453
San Fran... JC 84 .523!Seattle 72-90 .4J4
Sacramento.. 83 h2 .0081 Oakland ...78 100 .433
The regular dally baseball burlesque
was handed out at Recreation Park again
yesterday afternoon and of course It
ended the same way. The native talent
was lucky to make a run in the first in
ning. After that nothing doing. The
southern club wielders never even tried
hard, yet they rolled up an even dozen.
Newton was passing out the curves lor
the Angels. He proved a trifle more ef
fective than usual. . He started off a lit
tle wild and passed Shay and Leahy in
the first inning. Shay stole second and
made the only run for Uncle Hank on an
out by Pabst. Not another of the na
tives had a chance to make good after
that.
Hodson srot an awful beating all the
way through. Errors started it and then
the little pitcher was no good against the
\ Giants. They hit him when they pleased
and if they desired to try a little they
could In all probability have made a hun
dred runs. The score:
San Francisco — I ix>s Angeles —
AB. It. II. p.A.I AB. It. H. P. A.
Phay.2b.. 3 1 1 G G'lloy.ct.. 4 2 13 0
Meany.rf 4 0 12 0 Spies.lb. 4 0 10 1
J^ahy.c. 3 0 13 o! Smith, 3b 5 1113
Kniff.cf.. 4 0 0 2 01 Dillon. 2b 5 0 2 2 0
Pabet.lb. 8 0 0 H 2 Crvth.rf. 4 2 10 0
Lynch.ir. 4 0 2 2 OlRoss.U.. 4 3 3 2 0
Delmas.n 3 0 0 2 OlTomah.g. 3 114 5
Rymd.3b 4 0 0 0 4 Eagar.c. 3 2 18 0
Hodeon.p 3 0 0 0 l.Newton.p 3 1111
Totals 31 1 5 24 li\ Totals 35 12 12 27 10
RUXS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
San Francisco.... 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 — 1
Ba?e hit* o 0 11110 1 i» — 5
Los Anseles 0 0 0 0 3 0 3 0 x— 12
Base hits 0 4 113 0 2 1 x— 12
* SUMMARY.
Stolen bases — Shay. Hoy, Spies. Krrora —
Delmas 2, Raymond 2, .Hodson. fwo-fcc*.? hlta
— Eagar. Dillon. Lynch. Smith. Jloy. Toman.
Leahy. Sacrifice hits— Ross. Toman 2. First
base on errors — Los Angeles 4. FlrJt liase on
railed baKs — Off Hodson 4, off Newton 1. Left
on lii.sr-s — San Francisco 6. Los AiiKoIeu c.
S-ruok out — By Hodson 1, by Newton 5. Double
play— Nervton to Toman to Salts. Time or
Kame — One hour and 35 minutes. Umpire — •
McDonald.
Home Team Manages to Make
a Run in First Inning,
but No More.
Hodson Pails to Deceive
the Giants From
South.
USUAL VICTORY
FOR THE ANGELS
Etta Fltzgibbon. who was convicted a
short time ago cf assault to murder Jo
seph Gagan. has not yet been sentenced.
The woman's attorney, R. H. Cross, is
making a hard fight to save her from go-
Ing to prison and insists that she is in
sane. Yesterday he tried to get a war
rant for her arrest for insanity, but
Judge Hebbard refused to grant it. It la
expected that Gross will try again in a
day or two to have the warrant served.
Says Client Is Insane.
Still Searching for Paulsen.
REDDING, Oct. 7.— The Native Sons'
parlor at Weaverville, of which Harry
Paulsen was. a member, has taken charge
of the search being made for him. He
has been missing from Weaverville since
the 2Sth of September. A discovery has
just been made, however, that strength
ens the belief that ' Paulsen committed
suicide. He always wore three rings,
rarely if ever taking them from his fin
ger. The rings have just been found in
the till beneath the counter in the bar
room and in which Paulsen kept his keys.
The finding of the rings leads to the be
lief that Paulsen's suicide was planned
some time before and that he left his
rings so that they would be found, possi
bly realizing that his body might never
be discovered.
The Football team of the Lowell High
School will play Its first game of the
season to-morrow against Polytechnic.
The game will be played at the Presidio
Athletic ground, commencing at 2::5)
o'clock- Lowell team for this season i.^
made up of: Young, center: Tiscornla
and J. Longhorne. guards; Keenen and
Brignoli. tackles: Smith and McDermntt,
ends, Roncoviersi, quarter; Fuller, full
back; Gray and Cerf, halfbacks.
High School Football Elevens.
POLICE QUELL RIOT .
ON TELEGRAPH HILL
Quarry Laborers Are Attacked From
Ambush and a Fierce Battle
Results.
A squad of patrolmen from the Central
police station had a fight yesterday aft
ernoon on Telegraph Hill. A battle broke
out between the laborers in a quarry at
Lombard and Montgomery streets and
some unknown persons and during its
progress C. H. Lorenzo, a laborer, was hit
in the head with a rock and painfully
hurt.
The fight is supposed to have been
started by several union men who
thought that those employed in the
quarry were non-union laborers. The
workmen were attacked from I ambush
with stones and other missiles and when
the police arrived on the scene the battle
was raging at Its height. No arrests were
made, the mob being dispersed after a
sharp fight.
Tug-of-War Contests.
The results of last night's tug-of-war
contests were: Laborers beat bricklay
ers by default, carpenters beat bridge
workers in five minutes, cement workers
beat carmen in ten minutes, plasterers
beat horseshoers in twenty minutes,
teamsters beat plumbers in twenty min
utes. For to-morrow night the manage
ment has arranged a pull that will bring
out the strongest kind of partisan feel
ing. In the early part of the first week
the bricklayers and the plumbers held on
to the hawser for fifty-three minutes and
after a nip and tuck struggle were or
dered to quit by the referee, who declared
the go a draw. A special prize has been
donated and the te^ms will make another
effort to decide which of them is en
titled to honors.
Judgment of Foreclosure.
Judgment of foreclosure was given yes
terday by United States Circuit Judge
Morrow In the case of Robert Blaln
Hogue vs. William H. Wilcox by stipu
lation of both parties to the action. The
total amount of the judgment was $13,608,
with costs and Interest at 7 per cent to
be added. E. H. Heacock, Master In
Chancery, was directed to sell the prop
erty, which is a part of the Quito Rancho
in Santa Clara County.
Lecture by Mrs. Benson.
Mrs. Louise Benson delivered the first,
lecture under the auspices of the Chan
ning Auxiliary at the lecture hall of the
First Unitarian Church yesterday after
noon. Her topic dealt principally with
events of the auxiliary during the past
year. She will deliver the second lecture
of the course next Wednesday afternoon.
Servian Residents Meet.
The Servian-Montenegrin Association
held an interesting, meeting last evening.
Diplomas, were awarded four of the prom
inent members of the society for the good
work they have done in. the last year.
The meeting was followed by a banquet*
BERKELEY, Oct. 7.— The training ta
ble for the football squad at the Uni
versity .of California will be established
next Monday. Fifteen men will be se
lected from among those now in training
and kept there until the intercollegiate
game against Stanford on November 14.
The schedule of games for next Satur
day has been changed by the managers
of the varsity teams. Instead of Stan
ford playing the Fort Baker soldiers on
the Berkeley campus and California play
ing Reliance at Stanford, Stanford will
play the Naval School eleven at Stanford
and California the Reliance team at
Berkeley. This change was made neces
sary on account of the engagement of
the soldiers to play another game. The
exchange of campuses by the varsity
teams will be made next Wednesday, al
though the teams to meet them have not
yet been selected.
California Varsity Squad Will Be
Taken Good Care Of — Change of
Dates for Saturday's Games.
FOOTBALL MEN TO LIVE
AT TRAINING TABLE
Detective Thomas Ryan was detailed
on It and his report exonerated any out
side person from culpability in the mat
ter. The husband willingly told all he
knew about the case and his statements
were verified by several disinterested per-'
sons. He s=ld that his wife had been a
slave to liquor for a long time." In the
present instance she had been drinking
heavily for three weeks past. The bruises
on her body and face resulted from num
erous falls she had sustained while under
the influence of liciuor.
The result of the autopsy performed by
Dr. Bacigalupl on the body of Mrs. Dol
lle Wissing, who was found dead in her
lodgings at 561 Mission street Tuesday
night, developed the fact that she had
tiled of rupture of ' the hepatic artery,
caused by external violence, and for a
time yesterday it was thought the wom
an might have been murdered. A thor
ough investigation by the police speedily
dissipated that suspicion.
The dead woman's husband is a steve
dore. When he returned from work Tues
day night he discovered his wife lifeless
in the bedroom. She was seated on the
floor with her back against the bed. He
tried to lift her to her feet and finding
she was dead, gave the alarm. Police
rren Kruger and Foley responded ' and
notified the Coroner's office.
Deputy Coroner Meehan made an inves
tigation and decided that death had been
due to cirrhosis of the liver. The subse
quent discovery of the autopsy surgeon
that the woman had bled to death from
rupture of the hepatic artery and that
her bedy bore the marks of several se
vere bruises set the police to work on
the case.
Police Discover That Mrs. Dollie
Wissing Died of Purely Nat
ural Causes.
THEORY OF WOMAN'S
MURDER IS DISPELLED
The Interchange of games whereby
Berkeley was to play Reliance on the
Stanford campus next Saturday and Stan
ford was to meet the naval apprentices
on the Berkeley gridiron on the same day
has been postponed until Wednesday or
Thursday of next week. On Saturday the
varsity will play the Pensacola team on
the campus. It Is probable that the fresh
men will play the Palo Alta team again
on Friday afternoon. On next Tuesday
a game is scheduled between the fresh
men and the Santa Clara College eleven
to take place on the Stanford gridiron.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Oct. 7 —
The freshman football team added an
other to Its straight record of defeats
this afternoon when It went down be
fore the Palo Alto Athletic Club elevi-n
by he score of 6 to 5. With the exception
of the two runs that scored the touch
downs for the rival teams, the game was
as lifeless and uninteresting an exhibition
as has ever been seen on the campus
gridiron.
During the game to-day the best play
ers in the '07 class were tried out. yet
their showing would not have reflected
credit on a good "prep" school team. Un
less a remarkable improvement is made
by the youngsters within the l.ext ten
days, the Berkeley freshmen will prob
ably find them the easiest opponents
they have had this season.
The features of the game were a sprint
of fifty yards to a touchdown by Stagner,
the freshman quarterback, in the first
half and a run by Fullback Swain of Palo
Alto of 105 yards, from the Palo Alto
five-yard line to the ' freshman goal.
Swain's remarkable feat came at the be
ginning of the second half, when he re
ceived the kick-off from Freshman Dole.
Swain skirted the side-line next to the
bleachers for the length of the field, al
most without any interference to resist
him. The freshmen seemed unable to
tackle him.
Treasurer David V. Cowden of the As
sociated Students has announced a series
of football games to be played on the
campus within a week. Two contests will
be arranged for the varsity and two for
the freshman eleven.
Student of Palo Alto High School
Carries the Ball 105 Yards.
REMARKABLE FOOTBALL RUN.
British Woman Champion Will Play-
Mrs. C. T. Stout Saturday at
Haverford.
PHILADELPHIA, Oct. 7-— The first
match play round of the invitation match
play tournament given by Mrs. Clement
(Jrlscom In honor of her guest. Miss
Rhona K. Adair, the British champion,
was concluded to-day at Haverford. The
two best known players, Miss Adair and
Mrs. C. T. Stout, formerly Miss Gene
vieve Hecker, still remain and will prob
ably fight out the nhal on Saturday.
During the day arrangements were
made for an International woman's team
match to be played on Saturday. Nine
Americans' will play against nine Cana
dian and English women. Miss Adair will
captain the English side and Mrs. Stout
will head the home team.
The match between Miss Adair and Mrs.
Pauline Mackay was an interesting one
throughout. The former won at the fif
teenth by 4 up.
Mrs. C. T. Stout defeated Mrs. D. T.
Wreath of Riverton 3 up and 2 to go.
MISS ADAIR IN FINAL
OF. SPECIAL TOURNAMENT
The'third amendment increases* the dues
of absent members from Jl to $2 50 per
month, the latter amount being one-half
the regular dues. Abuses have developed
and It is,.to correct these the change has
been suggested.
The second amendment raises the Initia
tion fee from $23 to $50. The former Is
held to be out of proportion to the club's 1
assets.
A mail vote of the club members is be
ing taken on three Important questions.
The first is to raise the membership limit
from 1500 to 1730. There Is always a long
waiting list and also a long list of ab
sentees. The monthly average of the lat
ter Is 125. These members pay but $1 per
month at present, making an appreciable
loss of revenue. It Is to offset this and
to reduce the waiting list that the change
Is suggested.
T. I. Fitzpatrick and Victor Cagiieri will
meet in a fifty-yard dash. C. duff and
Walter Young will swim 220 yards, while
Fred Sherry, S. Herrlck and F. Gellnaa
will compete over a quarter-mile course.
Special cups will reward the winners.
Among the starters in the fifty-yard
handicap will be Lester Hammersmith,
C. A. Fay, H. Duckett. W. Ferem. C.
Van Court, J. Wise, G. Freeman, Ray
Otts, E. Murphy. Allen Hayes, F. M.
Veckie and C. B. Reardan.
Five pairs of wrestlers have been espe
cially matched to wrestle at the carnival
of sports Jn honor of the bankers when
they meet in convention. The men are
matched as follows: F. M. Veckie and
C. B. Reardan, George H. Williams and
Emil Tschumi, William L. Larkin and
George W. Fillman, C. D. Penthony and
Adolph Pockwltz, E. McKevitt and E. H.
Venier. All are at catchweights except
Williams and Tschumi, who will met at
155 pounds.
There Is unusual activity about the
Olympic Club these days, the athletes be
ing in training for many events. The
swimmers will be greatly in evidence to
morrow night, Sid Cavill having arranged
three match races and a fifty-yard handi
cap.
Puppy stake,' tw»nty-two entries— Vendome
vs. Nora Hill; Spring Valley vs. Mellinwood;
Confusion vs. Iran Alto; Irish Lad vs. Rock
away; Qulta vs. Pinoola; Rose Tree vs. Blue
Craljc; Charter Member vs. Royal Pink; Gun
powder v«. Black Swan; Concord Tralee vs.
Becktlne; Racing: Auto vs. My Grafter; Gun
fire vs. Ben Porter.
Open stake, forty-eight entries— Kittleman
vs. Imperious; Red Rock vs. Ella May; Rac
ing: Glances vs. Eagle; Fontenoy vs. Gambit;
Pepper Hill vs. Cosette; Balendlne vs. East
lake; Vina vs. Beluea; Full Moon vs. Miss
Penman; Greenhall ve. Dartaway; Vandal vs.
War Eagle; America vs. Palo Alto; Haphazard
vs. Free From Flaw; Mickey Free vs. St.
Conn; Cubanola vs. Maid of the Glen; Glaucus
vs. Snapper Garrison; Old Ironsides vs.
Athena; Liberator vs. Jingle B«>lls: Fenll vs.
Agitator: Ballroom Belle vs. Ml Ami*o; Warco
vs. Thelma; Melrose vs. lone Hill; Master
Davenport vs. Silver Cloud; Tralee Boy vs.
Bonnie Pasha; Sempronius va. Wild Wave.
The young greyhounds will have an
inning this week at the "Union Coursing
Park, a puppy stake attracting an entry
of twenty-tv/o baby coursers. • There are
some clever performers among them. In
cluding Charter Member, Irish Lad,
f Finoola, Rosetree and Racing Auto, be
sides others which have never started. «
In addition to the youngsters there is
an open stake, with forty-eight entries,
Including Palo Alto and other cracks.
The draw last night resulted as follows:
Among the more prominent of the wom
en players who will be eligible to meet
the University of California contestants
are Miss Esther Crandall. "03; Miss Mary
Fester, '04; Miss Minnie Mirsky. '04; Mlaa
Georgia Pitman, "05; Miss Dorothy Ab
bott, '06, and Miss Charlotte Paine, '06.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Oct. 7.—
Marked Interest is being developed among
the women students of the university ir\
outdoor sports and pastimes. The "Wom
en's Athletic Association has decided to
engage In rowinar and with this end In
view the members are negotiating for a
barge to be used on Lake Lagunita next
spring after the lake is filled with water.
Miss Louise Pearce. '07. has been elected
a director of the association to represent
the freshman class. The other' directors
are Miss G. E. Moore. "04: Miss L. M.
Bremner. '04; Miss Helen Salisbury. '0.');
Miss Mabel Ray. '05; Miss G. Pitman. 03;
Miss Dorothy Atfbott. '0«. and Mrs. V.
Searles. faculty member. Miss Salisbury
Is president of the association. Miss Moore
vice president and Miss Pitman secretary.
Tennis is at present occupying the
greater part of the attention of the wom
en athletes. The challenge from the
women of the University of California
for an Intercollegiate tennis tournament
has not yet been accepted, but probably
will be shortly. Two of the members of
last year's team. Miss Mary A. Hodge.
'03. and Miss Mary E. Hendriclc. '03. grad
uated last May. The third member. ICJsa
Mabel Ray. '05. who defeated Miss Weeks
of Berkeley in two straight seta, 6-1, 6-1,
is still in college.
Club May Raise Membership
Limit and Admission
Palo Alto and Other Cracks
to Start in the Open
Event.
Barge to Be Purchased for
Rowing Practice on
Lagunita Lake.
Promising Performers
Entered at Union
Awakened Interest Is
Shown at Stanford
University.
Swimming Contests and
Wrestling Engage
Members.
YOUNG HOUNDS
IN PUPPY STAKE
OLYMPICS READY
FOR COMPETITION
WOMEN STUDENTS
IN ATHLETICS
SPORTS OF THE RUNNING TURF, THE FIELD AND THE GYMNASIUM
LITTLE SCOUT
GALLOPS HOME
OLYMPIAN SETS
PACE AND WINS
STALWART BEATS
MADDEN'S ENTRY
Wins the Champagne
Stake at Morris
Park.
Heavy Going Suits Ben
nett's Colt in the
Handicap.
Beats Witful in Driv
ing Finish at Worth
Track.
Only Five Two- Year-Olds
Start in the Classic
Event.
Captain Brown's Young Mud
lark, Proceeds, Easily
Earns a Purse.
Consistent Dan McKenna
Again Earns Brackets
at St. Louis. .
Special Dispatch to Tbe Call.
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 7.— Little Scout found
the track to-day exactly to his liking and
he had no difficulty in capturing the
feature event' at the Fair Grounds. I The
race was at- a mile 'and an eighth and
had some of the best horses at the track
entered. Sheehan kept Little Scout in a
cood position until the stretch was reach
ed, when he ect him down and the Ben
nett colt won easily.
The track- was heavy and the weather
threatening, but the crowd was large.
Summary:
FIRST RACE— Flvo and a half furlongw,
selling:
Bettlnu. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
15 to 1— Interrogation. i)2 (Dale).. 4 y 1 nk
7 to &— Sceptre. Ill (Birkenruth) 1 1 2 nk
8 to 1— Harry Grifth. 114 (Shehn) 2 2 8 1
Time, 1:14. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner, G. C. Bennett & Co.'s ch. f by Charade-
Mocmin. Rhyme and Reason 09. General Prig
104, Rush lOo, Tom Mankins 85, Sadie Burch
'J7. Max Rose l>2. Miss Gould 101, Bradley
Hill 87, Harber 95. also ran.
SECOND RACE— Six furlongs. Belling:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
5 to 1 — Theory. 1MJ (Perkins 1 4 In
7 to 1— Weird, 101 (Calvit) 4 2 2 10
b to S — Dr.Scharff, 107 (Havers).. 2 3 3 nk
Time. 1:21 &. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. J. 9. Bratton's b. m. by Esher-Morn
lng Glory. Allyar 10U, Ventoro 106, Bernota
104. Aline S. tHJ. Duella 90, Sweet Charity 10S,
Great Star 104, algp ran.
THIRD RACE— Six furlongs, purse:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 2 — Atlas, 97 (Calvit) 4 1 Ink
5 to 2— Miss Crawford, 99 (Wal
lace) •.. 3 2 2 15
4 to 1— Columbia Girl, 97 (M.
Johnson) 1 6 33
Time, 1:20. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. C. Schawacker's b. f. by Huron-Ar
meil. Anne Davis 97, Tootsy Mack 97. Lora
J. 105. Debbie Mag 105. also ran.
FOl'RTH RACE— One and an eighth miles,
handicap:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
3 to 2— Lit Scout. 113 (Sheehan). 3 116
15 to 1— Flintlock. 104 (J Taylor). 4 3 2 7
» to 2— Mallory, 91 (Calvit) 2 2 3 nk
Time. 2:G0»-i. ¦ Start good. Won easily.
Winner. G. t\ Bennett &. Co.'e ch. c. by
Lamplighter-Little Indian. Josie F. S5, Taby
Tosa KM, Light Opera 90, aUo ran.
FIFTH RACK— One mile, purse:
Betting. Horse, Weight, .To^key. St. % Fin.
7 to 10 — Dan McKenna, 105 (Aus
t!n) 2 1 11
3 to 1 — Mons. Beaucaire, 100
< Birkenruth) 1 2 22
3 to 1— First Mason. 112 (Watson) 3 3 3
Time. I:-!"-" 1 !. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. J. C. Milam & Co.'fi b. c. by Pirate
of Penzance-Lady Modred.
SIXTH RACE— Seven furlongs, selling: /
i;^rtin*. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fln.%
11 to fi — Aules. 102 (Beauchamp).. 2 3 13
l."> to 1 — Lady Draper 90 (H'n"sy) 7 2 2 l'i
9 to 2— Macbeth. 107 (Bcrkenr'th) 3 13 1
Time, 1 ::j4. Start good. Won easily. AVln
ner. T. E. Crist & Co.'s b. g. by Saxton-Letta
B. Athelroy 105. Behoove 104. Hotscher 9S,
Uelvino 10.", also ran.
ST. LOUIS ENTRIES.
ST. LOUIS. Oct. 7.— Entries:
First race, one mile and seventy yards. sell
ing—Ultra Vires *>:»,. Harry K. 103, Mae Mil
ler 90, Margie S. 10H. Crutchfield 02, El Caney
10<;, Sister Lillian 80, Hanan 103. Blrdwood
103. Tearl Diver K>, Whaleback 103, General
Dix Hi. Nilsrar 103.
Second race, five and a half furlongs, sell
ing — Rus--k 100, Wootsey . Wlnlerd 95, Enigma
95. Sadie Burch lOti. Ora McKlnney 106, Judge
Denton 102, Matt Wadlelgh 100. Amberita 90,
Bird Pond 03, Pilgrim Girl 9«, Falkland 104.
Third ra^e. five furlongs, selling — Conspicu
ous !»5. Mathilde 104. Rejoice 10O. Red Ola 101,
Dolly Gray 105, Marchioness 9». Offset 104.
Crime 102, Miss Manners 107, Blue Grass Girl
102.
Fourth race, one mile and seventy yards, Bt.
Louis Fair stakes — Klngstelle 94, Dave Som
mers 91, Jordan 107, Light Opera 05, Pourquol
Pas 97.
Fifth race, one mile and seventy yards, sell
ing— Heglra 9S. Baronet 103. Silver Plush 08,
Eliza Cook 103. Wilhelmlna 93. Latson 9.>,
Model Monarch 101, Prince Real 103, Helen
Hay 98. Eugenia S. 9S.
Sixth race, six furlongs, selling — Golden
Easter 97. Dr. Soharff 102, Will Shelly 100,
Tom Crabb 102, Bourke Cockran 1O4, Nearest
100. Alfio MB, Maverick 92. Stand Pat 104,
Tom Collins 108.
Seventh race, one mile and seventy yards,
selling— Domini* 103, Bernota 103. Peat 107,
Broodier 103, Our Lady 102. Olonetz 102,
Locne 103. Eliza Dillon 98, Sting 98, Lasso 102,
Star Gazer 107. Imperious 103.
ST. LOUIS SELECTIONS.
By 'the New York Telegraph.
First race — El Caney, Pearl Diver,
Nil gar.
Second race — Ora McKinney, Busk,
Bird Pond.
Third race — Miss Manners, Offset,
Rejoice.
Fourth race — Kingstelle, Jordan,
Light Opera.
Fifth race — Eugenia S, Latson,
Prince Real.
Sixth race — Tom Collins, Xh\
Scharff, Nearest.
Seventh race — Peat, Sting, Im
perous
LAREDO, Tex.. Oct. 7.— Thomas W. Hutton
a machinist, died here of yellow fever to-day!
OMAHA, Neb., Oct. 7.-In a ten-round
bout between Tommy Sullivan of St.
Louis and Clarence Forbes of Chicago,
feather-weights, the latter was put out
in the fifth round.
Clarence Forbes Knocked Out.
LEXINGTON, Ky.. Oct. 7.-W. F.
Scheftel, owner of Highball, has offered
to match his horse against McChesney
or Dick Welles at one mile, weight for
age. Scheftel says a side bet of $25,000
can be-civen.
Highball Against McChesney.
NEW YORK, Oct. 7.— It has been learn
ed that J. O. Keene, the 'Americaji trainer
now in Russia, end not James R. Keene,
has secured control for a term of years
of the great English bred stallion, Galtee
More. The horse is the property of tho
Russian Government, which paid the
English owners $100,000 for him after he
had won the three great classics of the
British turf— Derby, St. Leger and Two
Thousand Guinea stake.
J. 0. Kcfine Secures Galtee More.
2:11 class, pacing, puree $1000 (unfinished) —
John M won the first heat In 2:11. Cascade
Lizzie J, Mary Anna, Jessie S and Bald liar
net also started.
2:07 class, trotting, purse $1J)00 .unfinished)
— Fereno won the first heat In 2:11%. Rhyth
mic. Susip J, Prince of Orange, Dolly Dillon
and Dan L a!so started.
LEXINGTON, Ky., Oct. 7.— The thirty
first annual meeting of the Kentucky
Horse Breeders' Association opened un
der inauspicious circumstances torday.
Summary:
2:0S pace, purse $3000, Tennessee stake (un
finished) — Nervola won the first heat in 2:O7V4.
Tom Kwne, King Direct, Major C. Suffreet,
Miss Willamont. Dora Delpha and Dick Wil
son aleo started.
RACING IN KENTUCKY.
Annual Meeting of Horse Breeders'
Association Opens.
Do you want tho city to lose $40,000 a
year that it may indulge in tbe pleasure
of misconducting 1 a street railway? If
not, vote to-day against the issuance of
the proposed Geary-street bonds.
Special Dlrpatch to Tbe CaU.
MORRIS PARK, Oct. 7.— The feature
cf the day, the far famed Champagne
ttsJte for two-year-olds, brought out only
five Harters, of whioii tho Madden pair,
Pulsus and Th« Mlnuta Han, were fav
orite*, but even money wa» laid against
The Minute Man. Pulsus was beaten by
StaJwart in the last hundred yards. The
victory of Stalwart, however, was no sur
prife to tjjose who had noted that in
nearly all his races this rear he had got
away" bad!y and had. In. some rich stakes
wen by other ooits, really run as fast
as, or faster than, the winner. Sum
mary:
FIRST RACE— High weight handicap, all
spes. eix and a half furiones, on Withers
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jocker. Bt. %. Fin.
20 to 1— Iilyria 105 (Michaels) 1 2 1 n
S to 1— Judith' Campbell. 120
(Hicks) f 2 8 2 b.
£0 to 1— Ed Tierney, 100 (Jones).. « 4 3 9«
Time 1:20 1-5. Start bad. Won driving.
Winner W. C. Daly's b. c. by Sun Lucas-
Illlhyra Bockwater 130. Monet 115. Blr V'oor
hW 115 Cin<jueval 10S. AdoiB 100 Auries
vill* 10"! Invincible 114. John E 110, Knight
of Harlem 9S. Sais 103. also ran.
SECOND RAC&— Three-year-olds and up
ward, ridden by boys that had never ridden
a winner Withers mile:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. «;. Fin.
3 to & — Runnels, llv) (E. Walsh.) 4 2 1 n
S to 1 — Fauleonbridge. 99 (Red
dington) 1 6 2%
20 to 1— Mab^l Richardson. 102 (C.
Smith) 3 4 3 h
Time. I :.'?9 4-5. Start fair. Won driving.
Winner J. A. Drake's b. c. by Charade-Zin
par II. Cottage Maid 87. Monograph 100, alto
ran.
THIRD RACB— The Champagne stakes,
two-year-oids. seven furlongs on Withers
mile:
Betting, Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. e ;. Fin.
& to 1— Stalwart, 112 (Hick?) 4 3 1^
8 to 2i>— 1'uIfus 122 (O'Neill) 1 1 24
6 to 1— Wotan, 112 (Fuller) 2 2 3 H
Time. 1 :2ti. Ftart fair. Won cleverly.
Winner, V. C Whitney's ch. c. by Meddier-
Melba. Th« Minute Man 122, The Southerner
112. also ran.
FOURTH RACE— Selling, two-year-olds.
t<-ven furlongs. Withers mile:
Betting Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. * 4 . Fin.
5 to 1— Hello 105 (Bullman) 3 112
4 to .V— Valour 110 (O'Neill) 4 2 2^
5 to 1— I»ng Spur. 00 (O'Brien). 8 3 3 \
Time. 1 :2V Start fair. Won easily. Win
ner. F. Burlew'« b. c. by Pontlac-Salutlon.
The Bow#>ry 106. Hunlc 87 Short Cake !*".
Ohatlie Fisher 112. Kva Edwards 87. also ran.
FIFTH RA£E— The New Rochelle selling
Ktak»»s Wlthen&mile:
Bettinp. H^rse^Weight. Jockey. St. *;. Fin.
7 to 10— Wild Thyme. 103 (Rdfrn) 1 1 1 14
7 to &— Daisy Green. 1»5 (Fuller) 2 2 2
Time, 1 :40 4-!>. Start fair. Won easily.
Winner. A. Miller's b. 1. by Ben Brush-Hose.
SIXTH RACE — Selling, one and a sixteenth
mil<»!'. over the hi'.l:
B<utlng. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *•;. Fin.
9 to 2— Enue 03 (Noubre) 2 1 1 h
2» to 1— Mc\\ imams. 102 (Mulhol
land) 4 2 2 2
C5 to 1 — Outsider. 109 (Burns) 3 :i :s i,
Time. 1 :47 3-5. Start bad. Won driving.
Winner, J. A. Drake's b. g. by Lampllghter-
In'-ome. Beverley 101. Stonewall 10S, Flora
101. Kir.nikinr.ic 101. also ran.
MOKHIS PABK ENTSIES.
KEff YORK. Oct. 7. — Entries:
First race, withers mile, eelllng — Early Eve
lf.l. Never More 105. Sweet Alice 105, Past 10.1
Neither One 105, Our Nugget 105, Highlander
im. Carroll D. 104, Rocky 104, Blue Victor
1«1. Cincinnatus lix*. Joe Cobb 9S, Hoodwink
10«. Rinpdove S»3. Fleetful !K).
Second race, about two and a half miles,
October steeplechase — Zlnzibar 102. Judge
PhUUpa 1SB. Adjldaumo 153. Jim Newman
122, Golden Link 150. Caller 150. Baron Pep
jx-r I4\ Strike a Light 143, Bay Secret US.
Zinnbar and Adjidaumo, Chamblet entry.
Third race, five furlongs of Eclipse course,
celling. 2-year-old maiders — Gay Lothario loa.
Iie\eille 105. Flag Officer 100. San Remo 1<X>,
'..:..••:¦ kj- MS. Huapala 9.1. WilligeHse a.?, Silex
5i3. Rust-ell Page «7. Sallet 9L Blytheness 102,
Mo.-iochord 09. Atwood aa, Du*ky 02, Sneer i»2,
Piqi'ft U2, Gunwad »0, Algonquin 90, Toma
liawk M, Donnelly S», Gold Tip S' Ancestor
>>*. Arthur 'Xi.
Fourth race, one and an eighth miles, with
er*. Hamapo handicap— Injunction 114, Stamp
ing Ground 112. Ada Nay 112. Antagonist 110.
K«l Knight 11<». River Pirate 1OS, Kovtand 108,
Judith Campbell 105. Girdle 9U. Gold Bell 8S.
Jucllh and Girdle. Whitney entry.
Fifth race, withers mile, handicap — Stamp
ing Ground 12<>, Wyeta 124. Stolen Moments
122. Himself 1CW. Lord Badge 117. Hoodwink
114. Brigand ICO, Colcnsay IOC, Blue Victor
104.
Sixth race, wither* mile. maidens — East
Kelrton 105. Guv Park 100. Royal Pirate 100.
H»ir Apparent 97. Sabot 97. Fhaon 100. Medal
S»7. Caxton !»7. Trilland 97, Tom Lawson 97,
liohna 97. Squid 97.
MOIIEIS PABK SELECTIONS.
By the New York Telegraph.
First race — Ringdove, Hoodwink,
Joe Cobb.
Second race — Mr. Chamblet's en
try, Caller, Strike-a-Light.
Third race — Blytheness, Sneer,
Ancestor.
Fourth race — Whitney entry,
Stamping Ground, Ada Nay.
Fifth race — Stolen Moments,
Himself, Wyeth.
Sixth race — Bolina, Guy Park,
Caxtoru
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO. Oct. ".—The feature event
at "Worth to-day, tho handicap at a mile
and an eighth, was a cake walk for Cap
tain Brown's two-year-old, Proceeds. He
led from start to finish and was never in
dangrer.
The sensation of the afternoon was the
defeat of Witful in the second race by
Olympian. Hildreth'B highly prized filly
was favorite at 9 to 20 and heavily ployed
by the big bettors. Olympian set all the
pace and at the end, under a vigorous
ride, outgamed Witful.
The track was a quagmire of mud. be
ing about as bad as it will ever get. The
weather was clear and cool and the at
tendance good.
Secretary Edward Jasper of the Worth
Jockey Club to-day announced that he
would accept the secretaryship of the Los
Angeles Club ajid would leave for Cali
fornia at tho end of the Worth meeting.
Summary:
FIRST RACE— Six furlonrs: purse:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
t> to 5 — Cyprienne 97 (S. Bonner). 3 1 1 a
3 to 1— Ag. Lewis, 107 (Wcnderly) 18 2 1
7 to 1— Kg. Ellsworth. 104 (Dean). 4 0 3 4
Time. 1:19 1-5. Start fair. .Won easily.
Winner. 8. W. Street &. Co. "a br. f. by Kings
ton-St Cypria • kroner Kelly 100. Klwood 11*.
Blackwolf 100. Clangor 100. Wigwam 100. Es
tablish 97, also ran.
SECOND RACK — One mile: j>urse:
Bolting. Horse. Welpht, Jockey. St. % Fin.
3 to 1 — Olympian luS <Reetl) 5 1 1 h
« to 20— Witful, 9S (Wilson) 3 2 2 20
CO to 1— Alfredo. 0.1 (Ferrell) « 4 3 5
Time 1:46 1-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. J. F. S. horrs ch. h. by Domino- Belle
of Maywood. Edward Hale SI, Tufts 105, Tho
Major 101. Ryevale 78. also ran.
THIRD RACE— One and an eighth miles;
handicap:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
« to 5— Proceeds, 92 (H. Phillips).. 2 1 1 l!i
7 to 8 — Potheen. OS (Wilson) 3 2 2 15
7 to 2— Fairbury. 103 (Blake) 13 3
Time. 2:00. Start good. Won galloping.
Winner. S. S. Brown's br. c. by Pirate of Pen
zance-Fertile.
FOURTH RACE— Five furlonzs; curse:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
11 to 5 — Cognomen, 1U7 (Wilson).. 12 11
4 to 5 — Allista, 110 (Landry) 3 12 2
5o to 1— Taplola. U5 (S. Bonner)... 4 5 3 V»
Time 1 :05 2-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner S. C Htldreth'ti oh. g. by Knight of
the Thintle-Onoma. Standard 107. eusie Chris-
Han 107, My Gem 05, also ran.
FIFTH RACE — One mile and 100 yards;
selling :
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. »i Fin.
5 to 1— Mr. Dingle, JW (S. Bonner) 2 117
5 to 1— Carat. 100 (Wilson) 4 4 2 h
13 to 1— Trocadero, 105 (Ferrell)... 3 5 3 3
Time. 1:54 1-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner D. S. Fountain's oh. c. by Ornament-
Nellie C Lord Melbourne OS. Miss Liza 1<»2,
Worthington 102. .sweet Tooth 101. also ran.
SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs: selling:
Betting. Horse Weight. Jockey. Bt. *i Fin.
5 to 2— Redan. 110 (Keiff) 1111
ti to 1— -Albemarle. '¦<! (Robblns). . . 4 2 2 4
3 to 1— Bardolph. 101 <H. Phillips) 6 5 3 1%
Time 1:18. SHart good. Won eaclly. Win
ner E.' Corrlgan'o b. g. by Artillery-Princess
Norettl. Lola L 97. Quiz II 102. Lowly 102,
CVrietine A 101. Emma A M 101, Jlmalong
1«H>, Jet 97, Barkelmore 101, alsa ran.
WORTH ENTRIES
CHICAGO. Oct. 7. — Kntries:
Fir.n race, seven furlongs, selling — James J.
torbett 110, Marinouse 107. Wing Dance 107.
rtlve All 107, Charlie Grainger 107. Glorious
1C3. Small Talk 102. Lowly 102, Four Leaf
C. 102. Spec 07. Marco 87.
Second rare, one and a quarter miles, cell
ing — Barrack 101, Dotfie S. 98. Tancred 95,
Alrl-ght 9r> Little Klkin 04, Tufts 84.
Third race, elx furlongs, highweight handi
cap—Jack Ratlin 128. Big Ben 114. Gypzene
105, Elwood 103, Mayor Johnson 100, Evas
Darling 100. Sarah Maxim 100.
Fourth race, one mile — Stuyve 107. Charlie
Thompson 104, St. Tammany 102. Thane 99,
Tam O'Shanter 0T>.
Fifth race, fix furlongs — Clifton Forge 115,
Rockaway 110 Myron Dale 107. Arnold K. 107,
Glisten 104. Brookwocd Belle 104, Dcrice 104,
Alma Dufour 104.
Sixth race, seven furlongs, selling — Automa
ton 112. Fleuron 111. Nellie Bawn 107, Do
Madge 107, Evelyn Byrd 107. Lady Matchless
JO0 Mr. Brown 1C5, Fair Lady Anna 104, Zyra
104] Mams«l!e 103. Alee 102.
WOETH SELECTIONS.
By the Chicago Inter Ocean.
First race — Four Leaf C, Charlie
Grainger, James J. Corbett.
Second race — Barrack, Little El-
kin, Airtight.
Third race — Gypzene, Big Ben,
Mayor Johnson.
Fourth race — Tarn O'Shanter,
Stuyve, St. Tammany.
Fifth race — Rockaway, Clifton
Forge, Alma Dufour.
Sixth race — Automaton, Do Madge,
Fair Ladv Anna.
Lincoln Athletic Club Bouts.
The Lincoln Athletic Club will hold its
regular monthly boxing exhibition tomor
row evening in the Mechanics' Pavilion
Annex. The card is a good one, and a
big crowd is anticipated. The programme
is made up as follows: William Friel vs.
George Robinson, 108 pounds; George
Murdock vs. Harry Fallen, 130 pounds;
Jim Daly vs. Jack O'Brien, 115 pounds;
Joe Podesto vs. Tom Sullivan, 128 pounds;
Al. Elkins vs. Wesley Badger, 113 pounds;
Bill Johnston vs. Jim Fox, 170 pounds.
Milton Hayes will referee all bouts.
LmLB ROCK. Ark., Oct.* 7.— At to-day's
ewsElon of the thirty-second triennial conven
tion of the Iloyal Arch Masons of the United
Fwtcf grand officers were elected. Arthur O
Pollard of Lowell. Mass., was chosen high
rriest.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 8. 1903.
Owing to the heavy -seas which have
prevailed for the last three days, work
or rescue has . been suspended on the
British ship Gifford. Prospects of float
ing the vessel are still bright, providing
the weather moderates, but should the
rough seas'- continue each day will les
sen the chances for saving her.
Work Suspended on Gifford.
NEW HAVEN, Conn., Oct 7.— Yale ran
up a big score In defeating Wesleyan at
football to-day, making 33 points to the
visitors' 0. Tho game was marked by no
sensational plays except that Yale
smashed the only trick the visitors had a
chance to show the two or three times
they got the ball on punts. The Yale of
fense was so quick in forming and in ex
ecution .that it ripped to pieces the sem
blance of defense which the Wesleyan
forwards tried.
CAMBRIDGE, Mass.. Oct. 7.— In a one
sided game Harvard defeated Bates to
day on Soldiers' Field by a score of 23 to
0. The Bates eleven was very light and
proved weak in all departments of the
game. Despite the fact that Captain
Marshall was not in the game, the work
of thp crimsons was fairly good.
PRINCETON. N. J.. Oct. 7.— Princeton 68,
Gettysburg 0
MINNEAPOLIS Oct 7.— University of Min
nesota 6, Ilamlln University 0.
6WARTHMORE, Oct. 7. — Lehigh 10,
Swarthmore 5.
BURLINGTON Oct. 7.— Dartmouth 36, Uni
versity of Vermont 0
NEW YORK. Oct. ".—Columbia 25, Hamil
ton College 0.
CHAMPAIGN. Oct. 7.— University of Illi
nois 40. College of Physicians and Surgeons,
Chicago, 0.
CHICAGO, Oct. 7.— Chicago 23, Cornell Col
lege (Iowa) 0.
AMHERST, . Mass., Oct. 7.— Amherst 23,
Bowdoln 0.
WILJiIAMSTOWN, Oct. 7.— WilUamstown
17. Amherst Agricultural College 0.
PHILADELPHIA. Oct. 7.— Pennsylvania 58
Haverford 0. *
AXDOVER, Mass.. Oct. 7.— Andover 60
Dorchester 0. ; . ••- "
Former Defeats Wesleyan and the
Latter Bates, Neither of the
Losing Teams Scoring.
YALE AND HARVARD
RUN UP BIG SCORES
Cincinnati 5 S 2
Cleveland 11 15 1
Batteries — Harper and Peltz; Rhoades and
Abbott
National League Batsmen Not Able
to Hit the Boston Man's
Curves.
PITTSBURG. Oct. ".—A crowd that occu
pied every seat In the grandstand and bleach
ers and every available foot of standing room,
and then overflowed into the field three or
four deep, saw the Boston American League
team beat the Plttsburg Nationals to-day In
the second game of the championship series on
the Fittsburg grounds. Young's pitching was
too much for Pittsburg, and It was only
an error by Parent In the eighth inning that
prevented him scoring a shutout. Attendance,
12,400. Score:
R. H. E
Pittsburg 2 0 4
Boston 11 14 2
Batteries— Kennedy, Thompson and Phelps;
Young and Crlger.
NEWARK, O., Oct. 7.— The Cleveland
Americans easily defeated the Cincinnati Na
tionals here to-day in the championship series
by a score of 11 to 5. The game was called
In the eighth Inning on account of darknest..
Attendance, J2C0. Score:
It H. E.
CY YOUNG'S PITCHING
TOO MUCH FOB PITTSBURG
Go to the election booth early to-day
and demonstrate your business sense by
voting: aaralnst the issuance of bonds for
the purchase of the Geary-street rail
way.
8
ADVERTISEMENTS.
£1 T A || H If A COMMON
ri 1 n&KKII COMPLAINT.
Catarrh begins with a stubborn cold in the head, inflammation or sore-
ness of the membrane or lining of the nose, discharge of mucus matter
headaches, neuralgia and difficult breathing, and even in this early stage
IS almost intolerable. But when the filthy secretions begin to drop back
into the .throat and stomach, and the blood becomes polluted and the
s ys t e zn contaminated - ' . :
by the catarrhal pois- „£,£?£ a con tinnal headache, my cheeks had »rrown
d, ?%«« ?*,« « E J plB '. n l y no> ° wa * always stopped up, my breath
on, then the sufferer W a sickening and distrusting Sdor, and I couched
bejrms to realize what a i?l e «5 a iV*/' ? & eard of s - 8 - s - aa d commenced to use
1 disgusting and sicken-
AiL^T? !*' rl- " ° w f partS U the w^ " is constitutional
tiTZ ?r ?• inh l l fS mixtures, salves, ointments, etc., are never more
than palliative or helpfnl, even in the beginning of Catarrh, what can
££^ P *? Z m > "K*-* 1 **?"* **<* becomes chronic and the whole
£>scem affected? Only such a remedy as S. S. S. can reach this obsti-
/Z^ >^*S VT^S na > e » aeep-seated disease and purge the blood of the
l^* (Q» (Q* catarrhal poison. S. S. S. purifies and builds up the
ivS^ lv^ iv^N J 156 ,^ 1 blood . and the inflamed membranes are
nealed and the excessive secretion of mucus ceases
~,r+c „ a Y ? ew * rich blood i3 coming to the diseased
parts, and a permanent cure is the result.
e^t^h^^JJt^^-J'^y Stable and a reliable remedy for
J^tZothtnS nCCd ° f medical advice; this "M cost
THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO.. ATLANTA, GA*
___^ ADVERTISEMENTS.
5eo»o»oo©9oooooo©eos6oooesooooooooo©ooocoo
fJislIatlWit"
j. "/ am nervous and run down now, but
?|g?J It Cures Nervous Men.
jfflgrf Cures Female Weakness.
Cures Stomach Troubles.
:«%^ DR. MCLAUGHLIN'S ELECTRIC BELT
l\ is a popular remedy nowadays. It is th-
I . fe«l the warm. Blowing vitality golns into
J your weakened oarts and restoring their
i life and vigor, and not a moment's lncon-
I aeh with nasty drugs. This shows whaT^t
does.
Indigestion, Kidney Trouble and Vital Weakness.
DR. McLAUGHLIX-Dear Sir: I have no^^wV.^ £j£ slit «»,
months and my experience with the treatment ha» been such aa to enable » to «™ r
ly recommend it for all nervous weaknesses and kidney trouble and ind!g£uon\ JSS i*
. assure you that whenever an opportunity presents itself I shall not neglect to s^ak
a good word for you. Yours respectfully. a pvttj£p<5«>?
Dr. M. C. McLaughlin, •SUSSKSk*.
owe h=™- 8 .. v^I^aSj.'W'Cu.'spS^I**- 106 a "-^COMMITTEEMEN HAVING IN
CHARGE CARMEN'S ANNUAL,
CELEBRATION.
TACOMA, Wash., Oct. 7.— Alaska dis
patches announce that the Northern
Commercial Company has brought suit
against Concessionaire Treadgold, owner
of the famous Treadgold concession \ at
Dawson, for supplies furnished. The
writ was served on Treadgold just as he
was about to leave for England.
Concessionaire Treadgold Is Sued.
Germany Swept by Hurricane.
BERLIN. Oct. 7.— A hurricane is sweep
ing over Germany. A portion of the
tower. 180 feet high, of the aew City Hall
at Charlottenburg. a suburb of Berlin,
has been blown down and trees in the
parks and forests have been uprooted. A
wall at the new baths of Dresden was
blown down, killing four workmen and
injuring eight others. A mill was
wreckr-d at Lubeck and numerous other
email accidents have occurred.
Crymble Dies From His Injuries.
SANTA CRUZ, Oct. 7.— David Crymble
died here last night from injuries recelve.l
on Saturday last by being crushed by a
tram car used in hauling timber at Mira
cle's sawmill. Crymble was 26 years of
•fe and unmarried
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 7. — The State
Board of Equalization held a meeting to
day and granted the Auditor of the city
and county of San Francisco an exten
sion in time of ten days in which to ex
tend his rolls before delivering them to
the Tax Collector. The law requires that
the Auditors shall deliver over their re
ports on the second Monday In October,
but owing to the large increase made by
the State Board of Equalization in the
tax roll of San Francisco, the Auditor
was unable to complete his work in the
staled time and was obliged to request
an extension.
Equalizers Allow Him . Ten Ad
ditional Days in Which to Com
plete the Tax Roll.
AUDITOR BAEHR IS GIVEN
AN EXTENSION OP TIME
PORTLAND, Or.. Oct. 7.— Because he
shot a bandit and thus prevented the rob
bery cf the Oregon Railway and Naviga
tion passenger train at Troutdale Sep
tember 'JZ, Fred A. Korner, Pacific Ex
press messenger, has been presented with
ik check for flOOO. The presentation was
made by F. C. Gentsch, president of the
company, who forwarded the token of ap
preciation from St. Louis. ¦
Brave Messenger Is Rewarded.
BERLIN. Oct. 7.-A lion which escaped
from a menagerie at Munich. Bavaria,
walked quietly Monday afternoon into
ihe great plaza, where the October fes
tival was taking place. The plaza was
rrowded with booths and visitors. The
llpn scratched himself, wapged his tail a
few times, roared and gazed after the
people running wildly away, without try
ing to touch any one. By throwing fresh
meat into the cage the lion was coaxed
to re-enter It.
Escaped Lion Shows Kindly Nature.
Goes to His Room Much Intoxicated
and Evidently Blows Out the
Light.
Henry Eugh, a sailor, was a victim of
illuminating gas in the Commercial Hotel
last Tuesday night. He engaged a room
in the hotel at 7:30 o'clock in the evening.
He was very much under the influence of
liquor and the porter took him to his
room, lighted the gas for him and opened
the window, raising it about eighteen
inches from the bottom.
A chambermaid detected the odor of gas
proceeding from Eugh's room and found
him dead upon the floor, partially un
dressed. The key of the gas burner was
fully turned on. The indications are that
he blew out the gas. Eugh was a native
of Norway, about 45 years old. He had
been recently discharged from the bark
Gatherer.
Forger Raises Postal Order.
TACOMA. Oct. 7.— A forged postal or
der for «55 was detected at the postofflce
yesterday. It was passed on a clothing
house by a man giving the name of L.
M. Harris. Investigation showed the or
der had been botight at Seattle for 40
cents and raised to $55, paraffine being
used to conceal the erasure.
NORWEGIAN SAILOR
SUFFOCATED BY GAS
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 7.— The fifth an
nual meeting of the Baptist Association of
Colored Baptist Churches of Northern and
Central California was called to order
to-day In Shlloh Baptist Cnurch in this
city. The convention will be in session
during the remainder of the week. A col
ored Baptist Sunday-school convention is
also being held.
The meeting was called to order by the
moderator, after which devotional ser
vices were conducted by G. W. Petway of
Woodland. An address of welcome was
delivered by George Hayes of Sacramen
to. The annual sermon was preached by
G. W. Ayres.
The afternoon session was given up to
hearing reports of officers, committees of
churches and an address by the modera
tor. Rev. J. M. Collins. The devotional
exercises of the afternoon were conducted
by H. Edwards of Fresno.
At the evening session the- sermon was
preached by F. G. Simpson of Ban Fran
cisco.
Representatives of Churches in Cen
tral and Northern California
Assemble at Sacramento.
COLORED BAPTISTS HOLD
FIFTH ANNUAL MEETING
OAKLAND, Oct. 7.— Citizens of
Oakland and of San Francisco will
be given an opportunity Saturday
evening to Inspect, und'er the most
favorable circumstances, the new
ferry depot and pier of the San Francisco,
Oakland and San Jose Railroad. The
Oakland Carmen's Social and Benevolent
Society will celebrate its annual reunion
by a ball In 'the new depot, which with
the new pier for the first time will be
brilliantly illuminated by electricity.
Those attending the event will also have
the novel experience of- dancing in a pa
vilion situated two miles out In San Fran
cisco Bay.
The officials of the Oakland Transit
Company, which is affiliated with the
new ferry system, have given to their
employes the use of the new rolling stock
of the company, which will shortly be
placed in operation In Oakland, to connect
Its various lines with the new route
across the bay. General Manager W. F.
Kelly and Assistant General Manager
John Q. Brown have co-operated with the
men in every way to make the affair a
success.
Saturday evening electric trains will
make half-hourly trips to the new depot,
connecting with the San Pablo-avenue
cars at Fortieth street. The pier, two
miles in length, will be brilliantly lighted
by electricity and the depot, which will
be used as a dancing pavilion, will be
tastefully decorated. A special boat will
be run from the south slip of the San
Francisco ferry depot direct to the new
terminus. The boat will leave the foot of
Market street at 7:45 p. m. and returning
will leave the Oakland depot at midnight.
Tickets can be procured at the ferry
building In San Francisco, and will en
title the holders to the round trip across
the bay and admission to the ball.
There will be no liquor sold, but lemon
ade will be dispensed to the guests free.
The grand march will commence at 9
o'clock and dancing will continue until
midnight. The first train will leave For
tieth street and San Pablo avenue at 7:45,
and the tickets include transportation
both ways and admission to the dance.
Tickets can be procured from any of the
Oakland carmen. A five-minute service
will be maintained on San Pablo avenue
from 7:30 until midnight:
Following are the committees in charge
of the ball.
Committee of arrangements— Harry L. Boyle
(chairman), V. Hughes, George Doolan, A. S.
Anderson and Samuel R. Lonrwell. Trans
portation — Robert J. Scott. Printing — It.
Hughes, B. B. Booth. Check — J. W. Gtl-
IokU'. A. S. Anderson. Floor — J. Dutton, E.
L.. Hughes, C. C. Straub, C. E. Parsons,
James Anderson, G. B. Inpersol, George R.
Crane, James McNamara, G. B. McHale, M.
E. Allen, S. A. Swanaon, J. T. Bell. Walter
Heaver, W. J. McNally. Refreshment— George
Doolan. Samuel R. Longwell, D. Hughes. Floor
manager. Harry L«. Boyle; assistant, George
Doolan. Music by Fifth Regiment Band.
Fire Ravages Timber Lands.
REDDING, Oct 7.— About four thousand
acres* of fine timber on the western slope
of Hatchet Creek Mountain, in eastern
Shasta County, have been destroyed by
a forest fire, supposed to have been start
ed by cattle raisers, who wanted to burn
off the range in order to drive off the goat
raisers and their herds. Loss in timber
to the Mountain Copper Company.
Thomas B. Walker and Buick & Wengler
will run up Into thousands.
Rear Admiral Forsyth Marries.
SHAMOKIN, Pa., Oct. 7.-Rear Admiral
James McQueen >Forsyth, U. S. N., re
tired, of Philadelphia was married to-day
to Miss Caroline Adell Helfenstein of this
city." " ' " • "¦ '
Inspector Watts, in his dispatch, said
that pome silverware had been stolen
from the. University Club, but the club
officers had refused to take any action
against Hanivan, and Osgoode & Co.
would not prosecute Steinberg.
Chief Wittman received a reply yester
day afternoon to his dispatch to Inspector
W. B. Watts of the Boston police inform
ing him of the arrest of Frank Hani van
and Julian Steinberg, also known as Ra
rrcinia Aramancha, astrologer, that they
were not wanted there and they were re
3<-ajw-d from custody.
Steinberg had accused Hanivan of steal
ing a quantity of silverware from the
1'nlverslty Club of Boston, where he had
been employed as a bellboy, and the
articles were found in a room at 105
Ellis street, occupied by the two men.
Hanivan had retorted by charging Stein
berg with purchasing $250 worth of furni
ture from Osgoode & Co., Boston, on the
irstallment plan and shipping it to this
city before- it was paid for. The furni
ture was also found in the room at 105
Ellis str^'t
SUSPECTS FROM BOSTON
RELEASED FROM CUSTODY
Chief Wittman Receives a Dispatch
That They Will Not Be
Prosecuted.
SAX BERNARDINO, Oct. 7.— Four lit
tle children who were In such a starved
condition that they fought over the meat
while It was beingr fried were found to
day in a house on L . street, north of
Seventh, by the Associated Charities. The
matter was made public by the death of
the mother, Mrs. William Stephens,
whose funeral took place this afternoon.
The destitution of the family was
brought to the attention of the Associ
ated Charities by the neighbors. Mrs.
James Boyd visited the place to-day and
found a terrible condition of affairs. The
mother brought into the world a little
girl a few days ago and being without
the common necessities of life died.
While Mrs. Boyd was frying some steak
to-day the children gathered around the
stove and snatched the meat from the
pan and swallowed it raw. Days had
passed since they had had anything like
a meal. Neighbors will adopt the chil
dren.
Neighbors Discover Their Sad Plight
After the Death of Their
Mother.
FOUR YOUNG CHILDREN
ARE FOUND STARVING
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 7.— Mrs. Hugh
Tevis, the millionaire's widow, was sued
hfie to-day for $750, alleged to be owing
for two yards of topaz, cut and roped at
her order by F. A. Marcher of the Pacific
Gem Company. Last spring when the
beautiful Mrs. Tevis flitted through this
city she conceived the idea of possessing
a string of gems and sought out Marcher,
who had Just what she wished. She had
a Fix-foot string of diamonds linked with
gold, and she wanted the topaz to wear
on occasions when the diamonds might be
endangered. She ordered 150 stones to be
linked with platinum at a cost not to ex
ceed $7uG and shipped to Knoxville, Tenn.
The string was eent in April and returned
a month afterward by Mrs. Tevis, her
only comment being that she did not like
the ornament as well as she thought she
would. Marcher was incensed and sent
it back to the lady with a demand for
immediate remittance. Mrs. Tevis re
sponded by returning the ornament and
suggesting, it Is alleged, that Marcher
sing for his money. The gems are now
held by Wells-Fargo, subject to Mrs.
Tevis' order. So Marcher goes to court.
Los Angeles Dealer Begins an Action
to Recover $750 From Mrs.
Hugh Tevis.
WIDOW OF MILLIONAIRE
IS SUED BY A JEWELER
Deputy Sheriff Is Forced to Hang
From Ties Over Gorge Until
Cars Pass Him.
FRESNO. Oct. 7.— Deputy Sheriff Wal
ter Plcke-tt had a thrilling escape from
tx-ing crushed to death on a mountain
trestle at Millwood yesterday. He was
hurulnjr for a witness and had started out
from the lower to the upper of the San
gtr Lumber Company's properties on the
railroad track. The cars on this track
are drawn \ip by a cable, but come down
by their own momentum. Pickett was
crcsdng a trestle over a gorge when he
heard a noise ahead of him and looking
v.p saw a train cf three heavily loaded
cars rushing toward him at a speed of a
irlle a minute. He had no time to run
back to Faf<~-ty, and it was forty feet to
the bottom of the gorge. There was but
one chance and Pickett took it. He
dropped fiat upon one of the trestle logs
end hung to it for life, the cars sweeping
past him in an Instant. He was so close
that the -wheels brushed his coat and he
came very near flipping off the log into
the porge below, but maintained his
strength till the cars got by. when, weak
snd trembling, he drew himself up to
eaftty.
NARROWLY ESCAPES DEATH
• ON A MOUNTAIN TRESTLE
Rats, which honeycombed the dam with
their holes, are thought to be 'responsible
for the going out of the dam.
SEATTLE, Wash., Oct. 7.— The dam at
the head of the Government canal, ex
tending from Lake Union to the waters
of the Sound, went out this morning, and
all day and to-night a river 75 to 100 feet
wide and ten or twelve feet deep has been
racing through the ditch.
While the catastrophe was spectacular
in the extreme, the damage is small. No
private property is affected, except that
the earth is washed away from beneath
the shore ends of three bridges, two be
longing to the city and one to the Seattle
Electric Company. The bridges were not
weakened, although as a precautionary
measure traffic over them was stopped.
A temporary dam will be thrown across
the canal to-morrow, and the wing dam
will then be rebuilt.
The damage, including the cost of re
building the wing dam and the temporary
dam, will amount to less than $1000 to the
Government. The city will escape with
about $300, and the electric company with
but little more.
Shore Ends of Three Bridges Are
Weakened and Traffic Is Tem
porarily Stopped.
RATS HONEYCOMB A DAM
AND CAUSE IT TO BREAK
j PORTLAND, Or., Oct. 7.— At a meeting
I of the freight bureau of the North Pacific
j Asiatic Steamship lines, held in Seattle,
j the rate on flour from Portland and Puget
{ Sound ports has been raised from $3 to
i 55 per ton. The rate on wheat and all
] other commodities hastbeen raised in a
I corresponding ratio. The new tariff will
I go into effect on November L
The rate war, which has prevailed for
. several months, was precipitated by the
! China Commercial Company, operating a
i line from San Francisco to the Orient.
j The rate on flour to the Orient from San
I Francisco was cut to $1 per ton, but the
j northern lines never made a lower rate
than $3 per ton.
The determination to increase the rates,
it is asserted, will have an important
! bearing upon the locai wheat market.
j Japanese importers took advantage of the
: rate war to secure large quantities of
I flour, presumably for speculative pur
j poses. All the mills in Oregon and Wash
j lngton have been kept running to their
i full capacity to supply the demand. They
; had agents through the Inland empire
gathering up all the wheat that could be
j secured for immediate delivery. As a
i consequence the price of wheat began to
j rise and many farmers refused to sell.
' Exporters who were anxious to send
! cargoes to Europe were unable to buy
! wheat for export at the prevailing- prices,
I and as a result there have been practical
¦ ly no ships chartered to load, for Euro
• pean ports.
It is now believed, however, that there
j will be a change in the situation.
DETERMINE TO INCBEASE
FREIGHT RATES ON FLOUR,
North Pacific Asiatic Steamship Lines
Hold an Important Meeting
at Seattle.
Special DiJT&tch to The Call
SAN JOSE, Oct. 7.— The State Grange
sessions to-day were well attended ar.d
groat interest was taken in the proceed
ings. The morning session was taken up
by the report of the various granges.
During the past year five new granges
have been organized, with a net gain In
membership of 255. The new granges ire
Rowena No. 330, at Zachary. Colusa
County; Sunnyvale No. 331, at Sunnyvale,
Santa Clara County; Mountain View No.
S32, at Mountain View, Santa Clara Coun
ty; Orchard City No. 233, Campbell. Santa
Clara County, and Eschol No. 334, St.
Helena, Napa County. Orchard City
Grange started with a membership of 123.
which is the largest charter list of any
grange ever formed in the State. Prizes
offer* d by the executive committee for
the largest increase in membership were
awarded to Lincoln Grange of Cupert'no
and Sebastopol Grange. The old granges
show a satisfactory gain in membership.
A number of new Porr.cna granges have
been established in the State in the f.ast
year.
At the afternoon session a report on ed
ucational work was read by Mrs. G. W.
Worthen. The r^st of the session was oc
cupied by ihe woman's work, and the fol
lowing- programme was carried out: Piano
eolo. Mrs. Ada Butts; paper, "Scraps,"
Mrs. Stevens; polo, Mrs. Luther; paper.
"Women in Forestry." Mrs. \V. W. Tur
ney; rar.tcmime. Lucille Hughes; instru
mental solo. Miss Brandenburg; paper, by
Mrs. Farrell; vocal solo. Mrs. Hillman-
Smith; platform exercises, subject, "Man
ual Training in the Public Schools," Mrs.
Whitman and members of the Orchard
City Grange.
An open memorial service was held this
evening in Odd Fellows' Hall. An ora
tion was delivered by E. A. Hayes. THe
following programme was carried out: In
ftruniental music, Mrs. Irish; reading- of
¦the fourteenth chapter of St. John, Grand
Master C. W. Emery; vocal quartet. Mrs.
Hillman-SmUh, Misses Ethel Lewis, Ethel
Symonds and Maude Rogers; reading, Mr.
Atkinson; vocal quartet; reading of
"Thanatopsis." Past Master G. \V. Wor
thtn; recitations with floral offerings by
the Bisters; singing of "The Vacant
Chair." by the quartet. Memorials were
offerr-d and the meeting eloped with the
recitation of the Lord's Prayer by the au
dience.
Half hourly trips between Berkeley and
San Francisco will be maintained for the
present. The company is taking extra
ordinary precaution against the possibil
ity of accidents. The tracks on the pier
and through the subway under the South
ern Pacific Company's right of way at
Emeryville have been heavily guard
railed.
Stations in Berkeley will be at Dwlght
way, Ashby avenue. South Berkeley, Ade
line street, besides the junction station
in Oakland at Fortieth street and San
Pablo avenue.
The San Francisco, Oakland and San
Jose Railroad's new ferry system will, it
Is expected, commence operations Novem
ber 1 to Berkeley and November 15 into
Oakland. Time tables have been ar
ranged showinc that the run from East
Berkeley station to the foot of Market
street, San Francisco, will be made In
thirty-three minutes, eighteen minutes for
the trip by rail and fifteen minutes for
transfer of passengers and the run to
San Francisco bv boat.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Oct. 7.
Stations Are Established
Along the Line Through
Berkeley.
Special Prizes Offered by the
Executive Committee
Are Awarded.
New Ferry System Is
About Ready for
Operation.
Large Increase in Mem
bership During Year
I? Noted.
Brilliant Illumination of Long Pier and Merry Festivities in New
Pavilion Are to Mark Saturday Night's Entertainment by
the Oakland Carmen's Social and Benevolent Society
SETTLE MUTTER
OF TIME CARD
STATE GRANGE
HEARS REPORTS
TWO MILES FROM SHORE PUBLIC WILL
CELEBRATE IN NEW FERRY DEPOT
Marriage Licenses.
OAKLAND, Oct. 7.— The following mar
riage licenses were issued to-day: Go'f
fredo Capuccio, 21 years, Italy, and Sophie
Calre. 18, of Oakland; Edward Joseph
Miskel, 25, San Francisco, and Ada
Teague. 22. Berkeley; Fred H. Sargent. 21.
Elmhurst. and Lulu May Vane. 18, Oak
land; August Akesson. 44, and Anni S.
Johnson, both of Alameda: George D. Me-
Hugh, 21, Oakland, and -.ggie V. Nichol
son, 18, of San Francisco; Henry Gospel,
30, and Alice E. Fox, 23, both of Oakland;
Samuel Lubin, 34, and Clara Timmons,
both of San Francisco.
The wedding of Miss Harriet Emma Knight
and Clarence H: Gray will take place on Oc
tober IT. It is to be a quiet home affair, with
no attendants. Mr. Gray Is a successful busi
ness man of San Francisco, being the man
ager for the Pacific Coast for Cluett, Peabody
& Co. -^
Miss Jessie Cartwrlght and Frank D. Hel
lems were united in marriage this evening at
Bt John's Episcopal Church. The bride was
attended by Mlrs Mabel Bynum aa bridesmaid
and Mildred Henriques as ring bearer. Lewis
Hamilton of San Jose was best man. After
the ceremony a reception was held at the
bride's home on Tenth street Mr. and Mrs.
Hellems will reside in San Francisco.
received congratulations. An elaborate supper
was served in the rooms, the guests being
seated at small tables. A stringed orchestra
played during the supper.
The bride Is the only daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. Geonce Moshacher of this city and has
always been considered unusually clever by
her classmates and friends. After graduating
from the Oakland High School she took a spe
cial course at the University of California. She
Is a talented reader and has taken a prominent
part in several amateur affairs. Mrs. Beh
rendt is still in her teens.
The groom Is a business man of I»s Angeles.
where the newly married couple will make
their home. t [*_. ¦' :..
Peter Hopkins, a pioneer resident of
this city, passed away at his residence,
2210 Broderlck street, on last Tuesday aft
er a prolonged illness. At the time of
his death he was 67 years of age. During
his lifetime the deceased was engaged in
the granite business. Deceased was not
the well known ex-Sheriff of the same
name. The funeral will take place to
day from the late residence. A requiem
high mass will be held at St. Domlnick's
Church at 9 o'clock this morning. The
interment will be in Holy Cross Ceme
tery.
Pioneer Passes Away.
NEW YORK. Oct. 8. — The Honorable Ar
tillery Company of London and the Ancient
and Honorable Artillery Company of Boston
were given a banquet to-night by the Old
Guard of New York at Sherry's.
PORTLAND. Or., Oct. 7.— Mrs. E.
Greenberg of San Francisco lost $2000
worth of diamonds while shopping this
afternoon. Three diamond rings, a dia
mond pin and $30 in gold were in a small
purse, which Mrs. Greenberg had placed
In her reticule. She had been shopping
in a department store and went from there
to a jewelry .establishment, intending to
place the valuables In a safe deposit
vault. She is sure that the small purse
was inside the shopping bag when she
was in the department store. When she
reached the jewelry store it was gone.
Mrs. Greenberg is visiting relatives here.
Mrs. E. Greenberg of San Francisco
Parts With Two Thousand Dol
lars' Worth of Jewelry.
LOSES HER DIAMONDS
WHILE OUT SHOPPING
Ropes of smilax were carried from the cen
tral chandelier to the arch of the platform In
such a 'manner as to form a graceful canopy,
from, which was suspended a large wedding
bell of pink and white carnations. The plat
form itself was -banked with tall palms and
ferns, concealing the musicians placed there.
The bridal march from "Lohengrin" was sung
by a Quintet' of female voices.-
The young couple were unattended, the bride
being escorted to the altar - by her father,
George Mosbacher. . Her gown was of white
panne satin, with ' a berthe of rose point lace.
Her veil . was held in place with a spray of
natural . orange blossoms and Instead of the
conventional bouquet she carried- a white
molre-covered Blhle. ¦
After, the ceremony, at which Rabbi Fried
lander officiated, the newly married couple re
oairad to the un&U receotion room, whirl thav
The marriage of Miss Sadie Josephine Mos
bacher and Samuel Behrendt this evening wa«
marked by several unique and pretty features.
The scene of the wedding was the Ebell So
ciety's rooms on Harrison street, the apart
ments having been richly decorated for the
occasion. Pink. and rreen were the prevailing
colors, a profusion of pink roses being used
with artistic effect.
The marriage of Miss Margery Craig and
William F. Newell wa» solemnized this even-
Ing at the bride's home in Piedmont, the cere
mony being witnessed by nearly 100 of the
happy couple's relatives and Intimate friends.
The Craig residence, which is pleasantly situ
ated on the Piedmont hills in the midst of
large grounds, was beautifully decorated for
the occasion, the general colors being green
and white, with an occasional touch of red.
The ceremony took place In the front drawing
room. In one corner was a triangular canopy
of smilax. from the Center of which hung a
great bunch of white chrysanthemums tied
¦with white satin ribbon.
The bride's dress wai of soft white silk,
made quite plain, the bodice being ornamented
with a passementerie of silk, embroidered chif
fon. No veil was worn, a spray of orange
blossoms — the same worn by the bride's mother
being fastened In the coiffure. The bridal
bouquet was of white carnations.
Miss Jessie Craig was her sister's only at
tendant and was attired In a dainty gown of
pale green organdie, a fluffy mass of pleatings
and ruchlngs over a slip of white silk. She
carried a shower of American Beauty roses.
The groom's best man wu' Will Corbett-of
*Dr I j nC K. McLean, an old family friend,
was the officiating clergyman.
After Mr. and Mrs. Newoll had bean con
gratulated supper was served, the guests being
seated at small tables. Among those who wit
nessed the ceremony were the groom's brother,
D. E. Newell, and his family. Mrs. Newell.
Miss Edith Newell and her two brothers, D.
E Jr and Mlnton Newell. The groom' a
mother was unable to attend as she la an In
valid The bride's mother, Mrs. Hugh Craig:,
was becomingly attired In a handsome black
embroidered chiffon with a berth* of point lace,
and Miss Evelyn Cralr. the bride's talentea
elder sitter was in white.
Mrs Newell Is a daughter of Mr. and Mrs.
Hugh CraiB and is a young woman of culture
and [considerable musical abl ity. Though
holding an excellent social position she has
never cared for "society" as commonly ac
cepted but prepared herself with an aim In
life by taking a kindergarten course, from
which rtie was graduated.
I Mr Newell is a mining man and an expert
ansayer with the Selby Smelting Company.
He is also musical, possessing a pleasing: bary
tone voice.
On their return from a honeymoon tour Mr.
and Mrs. Newell will reside in San Francisco,
where the groom haa made ready a delightful
little home at Green and Webster streets. '
OAKLAND, Oct. 7. — The Geo-ge K. de Golia
residence on Harrison street presented a bril
liant appearance to-day, .the occasion being
the Urge reception given by Mrs. George de
Golia to 2C0 or more guests. Her young daugh
ter. Miss Noelle de Golia, who has returned
from a Xew finishing: school, was Infor
mally presented^ this afternoon and her piquant
beauty and charming: manner elicited much
plcaeant discussion. Miss de Golla wore a
dainty frock of soft white silk trimmed wKh
rose point lace. Mrs. de Golia's dark beauty
was much enhanced by the very becoming
gown of white lace that she wore. All the
ladles In the receiving party, which was a
large one, were charmingly gowned, Mrs. Allen
der, Mrs. de Golia's sister, being: in pink. Miss
Jackson of San Francisco in treen silk and
Mise Langford, also of San Francisco, wearing
a pink etamlne. )
A wealth of flowers, stately chrysanthemum*
and fragrant carnations filled every nook ana
corner of the artistic residence, many of the
most exquisite cut flowers being tributes from
admiring friends to the popular hostess and
her pretty daughter.
Mrs. de Golla was assisted in receiving by
Mrs. Francis Rabe, Mrs. Henry Barroilhet,
Mrs. AUer.der, Miss Bowie, Mrs. Henry Rosen
feld. Mrs. E. G. Lukens, Mrs. Francis Musser.
Mrs. A. A. Long, Mrs. Charles Parcells, Mrs.
J. I-orim Pease, Mrs. Fred Stolp, Mrs. Lee
Cole Burnham. Mrs. Frank Watson. Mrs. J.
C. Hampton, Mrs. E. J. Cotton, Mrs. Edward
Engs, Mrs. Wick Havens, Mrs. George Ham
mer, Mrs. Felton Taylor, the Misses Young, the
Misses Oliver, the Misses Nichols, Miss Natalie
Fore. Mlas Jessie Orals:, Miss Lohse, Mlu
Bangs, Miss Letty Barn*. Miss Coogan, Miss
Burnham. Miss Beck, Miss Fillmore, Miss
Walsh. Miss Stratton, Miss Smith. Miss Sut
ton. Miss Bessie Haven, Miss Fassett of New
York, the Misses Reed, Miss Ann McElrath,
MIks Ethel Kent of San Francisco, Mlas Ken
dall. Miss Taft, Miss Ada Kenna, Miss Hayden
and Miss Thompson of San Francisco.
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
SEATTLE, Wash., Oct. 7.— Usaburo Ot
suka, a deputy commissioner of the Jap
anese Government to the Louisiana Pur
chase Exposition, arrived here to-day on
his wav to St. Louis. After a few weeks
there he will return to the coast, his spe
cial mission being to establish headquar
ters in San Francisco and Seattle for the
reception and entertainment of Japanese
visitors to the fair. Otsuka is president
of a new organization formed in Yoko
hama, styled the Japanese Visitors' Club,
which will seek to bring to America dur
ing the progress of the fair as many of
the better class of Japanese as possible.
The visitors are to be received at San
Francisco and Seattle, where all arrange
ments for their trips across the continent
will be made and every detail for their
comfort and entertainment attended to.
Will Entertain Their Countrymen
Who Cross the Ocean to At
tend the Big Exposition.
JAPANESE TO ESTABLISH
A CLUB IN THIS CITY
The city i« not no rich that it can af
ford to throw away $700,000. This fact
makes it the duty of all to vote agaln«t
the Geary-street bond acheme.
"Aw, she never stole any diamonds
from me." said Luddy. "but she swore In
court that she was my wife and now I've
got a warrant out for her for perjury. I
wish I never had got Into the thing. I
had a diamond pin stolen from me here
a year or two ago, but sh« didn't do the
Job."
Further than that Luddy could say
nothing coherent.
Luddy la well known among local sa
loon men. He came here from Boston six
years ago, bought a saloon and ran it
for a time. When sober he Is gentlemanly
and attends strictly to business. He had
the rare rule In his saloon that bartend
ers should not shake dice with custom
ers or even converse with them unless
absolutely necessary. He started a road
house project, which fell through, but he
cleared $10,000 on the land and is said to
be worth $23,000. For some time he has
been drinking heavily and periodically
"sobering up" at some health resort. Of
the woman in the case nothing seems to
be known by Luddy's friends.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 7.— Grace Virginia
Luddy, heroine of an elopement sensation
at "Ventura, was granted an interlocutory
decree of divorce from James R. Luddy
here last Thursday on the ground of will
ful desertion. The divorce was applied
for September 10 through General John
stone Jones. Service was made person
ally on Luddy and he defaulted. There
upon the court granted her petition.
Luddy was Interviewed at the Hotel
Rosslyn to-night by The- Call correspond
ent. He was In care of a trained nurse
and said he was nick, but his friend*
about the hotel said he had been cele
brating.
Court Records a* Los Angeles Show
That Grace Virginia Luddy Se
cured a Degree.
HEROINE OF ELOPEMENT
SENSATION IS DIVORCED
In conclusion. Chamberlain said that he
trusted the people in this matter. He had
been told that he was risking his politi
cal life, but he had risked it before, and
he had no fear for the personal result.
Concluding his general restatement,
the speaker said that agriculture In
Great Britain was practically destroyed,
the sugar trade gone, the silk trade was
gone, the iron and wool industries were
threatened, and the same fate would
come to the cotton trade. He continued:
How long are you going to stan.l it? Eng
land is not afraid of foreign countries. She
la the greatest market in the whole world,
and foreign countries are her best customer*.
If a tariff war came England would not com*
out »econd tx?st. One reason advanced for
America's prosperity is her enormous popula
tion of seventy millions, but the British em
pire has sixty millions, all white, and som«
330,000,000 of other races, all prospective cus
tomers of the mother country.
Asking why the foreign productive
countries, even small nations like Sweden,
had all prospered, he said that he be
lieved they were better strategists. He
continued:
I say that you are inconsistent. You are
adopting; a suicidal course. If you o*rsist in
the prenent policy your workmen must either
lake lower waxes or lose their work.
The late Colonial Secretary said that
he was a free trader and wanted to live
harmoniously with his neighbors, but he
desired free exchange with all nations.
If they would not exchange, he was not
a free trader at any price. He respected
"our American cousins," had consider
able respect for the Germans, and great
respect and greater friendship for tha
French. The policy of these nations wa*
to use the tariffs to ease the home trade
and exclude foreign trade, while undeT
the present system in the United King
dom trade was steadily decreasing.
Chamberlain asked why all protective
nations prospered more than the unpro
tected ones. If the Cobdenites would sat
isfactorily answer that question, ha
would ask to be allowed to hide his di
minished head. His occupation would b«
gone.
LONDON, Oct. 7.— Continuing his fiscal
campaign. Chamberlain to-night ad
dressed a meeting of four thousand per
sons In the Town Hall of Greenock. a
seaport on the Clyde, twenty-two miles
from Glasgow. He spoke for one hour
and a quarter and dealt particularly with
the questions of retaliation and recipro
city.
Captain of Police Petersen and Detec
tives Holland and Kyte repeated their
former testimony in regard to Mrs. Ross*
confession. The case was continued until
to-morrow morning.
Annie Ross, the white woman accused
of being an accomplice of Victor Walkl
rez, the negro murderer of aged Eliza
beth Leroy, was given a preliminary hear
ing to-day before Judge Samuels.
Walklrez, who Is serving a life Benterce,
was brought over from San Quentin and
placed on the stand. His recitation of
the facts concerning the murder occupied
most of the day.
The murderer, who at the time of his
conviction confessed that he killed Mrs.
Leroy with a hammer and buried h=»r
body, now denies that he did the crime he
is serving time for, and says he merely
testified as he did to save the woman who
was living with him. He- claims that ev
erything he said during his trial was
what Mrs. Ross had told him to say.
Walkirez gave his testimony in a low,
feeble voice and appeared to have a much
weakened mind, for his memory was bad.
He stated that on May 5 when he came
home in the afternoon Mrs. Ross
asked him to get some "dope" and kill the
old woman bo that they could get her
money. He claims that he refused to do
as she asked, and went to bed. Early the
next morning, about 4 o'clock, he was
awakened by Mrs. Ross, who told blm
that he had killed Mrs. Leroy and he
must go downstairs and bury her. Walkl
rez did not remember having* done the
deed, but went downstairs and found the
corpse of Mrs. Leroy wrapped in quilts
standing against a big dry goods box.
Under Mrs. Robs' direction he buried the
body, but did not search the clothes for
money, as Mrs. Ross wanted him to. The
witness stated that all of his confession,
made at the time of his conviction, was
Invented and rehearsed to him by Mrs.
Ross. He said that she had told him that
he would be convicted and hanged and
that there was no use of his bringing her
into it. The negro's memory was hazy in
regard to many facts of the murder.
Several letters were produced, written
to Walkirez by Mrs. Ross at the time of
his Incarceration at the City Prison. The
tenor of all was that Walktrez ought not
to tell anything on her that would In
criminate her.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway, Oct. 7.
Says Adherence to Free
Trade Is Proving
Suicidal.
Claims Ross Woman -Made
Him Testify so as to
Save Her.
Chamberlain Reiterate3
His Warning \o the
Empire.
Says He Did Not Kill
Aged Mrs. Leroy
for Money.
WALKEREZ NOW
DENIES CRIME
BRITAIN LAGGING
IN PROSPERITY
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1903.
9
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Pears'
People have no idea how
crude and cnuel soap can be.
It takes off dirt. So far,
so good; but what else does
it do.
It cuts the skin and frets
the under-skin; makes red-
ness . and roughness and
leads to worse. Not soap,
but the alkali in it.
Pears' Soap has no free, al-
kali in it. It neither reddens
nor roughens the skin. It re-
sponds to water instantly; wash-
• es and rinses off in a twinkling; is
as gentle as strong; and the
after-effect is every way good.
"tstablished over io^ years
Crooked Teeth Straightened.
Diseased and Inflamed sums treated and cured
and teeth cleaned rr*>. Roots and broken down
teeth can be saved for years and avoid the In-
convenience of wearing a plate. AH work done
for the cost of material. Week dajrs. 0 to 0;
Sundays. 0 to 1. Painless methods a specialty.
Extraction free. Graduates only. Full guaran-
tee.
POST-GBADTJATS DENTAX.C03iI.EOB
San Fraaclseo— 3 Taylor Street.
Oakland— 973 Washington Street.
cuubl .y— 45 East Santa Clara Sfcraa*.
The Call's Cook Book prem-
ium offer will close on October
30, 1903, and all readers of this
paper who desire a copy of this
household treasure should not
fail to place their order \ im-
mediately.
This splendid premium will
be offered to Call subscribers at
the exceptionally low rate of
fifty cents per copy. Out of
town orders twenty, cents ad-
ditional to cover prepayment of
transportation charges.
COOK BOOK OFFER TO
CLOSE OCTOBER 30.TO ARRIVE.
' i
Steamer. From. j Due.
P. Portland... rortland & Astoria Oct. 8
rdlth Seattle Oct. 8
San Jose New York via Panama. Oct. 8
Alliance: Portland & Way Ports. Oct. 8
Centralist San Ptdro Oct. b
Del Norte. . . . Crescent City Oct. 8
Santa Rosa... San Diego & Way Pts.. Oct. 8
Point Arena, i Mendoclno & Pt. Arena. Oct. 9
Corona Humboldt Oct. 8
Arizonan..'... N. Y. via Pt. Los Ang.. Oct. 3
Qumii Puget Sound Ports Oct. • t»
Honlta.. Newport & Way Ports. Oct. i
North Fork... Humboldt Oct. 'J
Eureka Humboldt Oct. 9
Arcata....... Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. Oct. 9
Hlval Wlllapa Harbor Oct. 10
Redcndo Humboldt Oct. 10
F. H. Leifgett. Humboldt Oct. 10
.S. Barbara... Seattle * Olympla Oct. 10
Pomona Humboldt Oct. 11
Siberia China & Japan Oct. 11
Argo Eel River Pcrti Oct. 11
Mincola Tacoma' Oct. 11
Coronado Grays Harbor Oct. V2
Chlco Coqullle River |Oct. 12
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts.. Oct. 12
G. W. EMcr.. Portland & Astoria Oct. 12
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Fte.. Oct. 13
Alameda Honolulu Oct. 13
CltyPuebla.. Puget Sound Ports Oct. 14
Barracouta... New York via Panama. Oct. 15
Uarda BeattU Oct. 15
Rainier Seattle & Whatcom Oct. 15
NIcaria Hamburg & Way Ports. Oct. 17
Isla Seattle Oct. 17
Columbia Portland «: Astoria [Oct. 17
Marlpoaa Tahiti [Oct. IS
TO SAIL.
Bteamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
October H.
Czarina.... Coos Bay direct.... 8 pm Pier 8
Centralla... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
Phoenix Mendoclno City.... 1 pm Pier 13
State of Cal San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 19
Coos Bay. . . San Pedro A Way. 9 am Pier 19
Ventura Sydney & Way Pts. 2 pm Pier 7
Umatllla... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 8
October O.
S. Portland Astoria & Portland 6 pm Pier 2
G. Dollar... Grays Harbor. 4 pm Pier 2
Newburg... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
O. Llndauer Grays Harbor. Pier —
October -10.
Corona Humboldt :. 1:30 p Pier 9
Redondo.... Los Angeles Ports. 8 pm Pier 2
8. Barbara. Los Angeles Ports. 9 am Pier 2
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena 4 pm Pier 2
Columbia. . Aistorla & Portland 11 am Pier 24
City Para.. N. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
Alliance.... Eureka & Coos Bay 5 pm Pier 16
October 11.
Arcata Coos B.& Pt.Orford 10 arrf Pier 13
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
S. Roea Ean Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 19
J. Dollar... Seattle & Tacoma. 10 am Pier 2
October 12.
Bonlta Newport & Way Pts 9 am Pier 19
N. Fork.... Humboldt 5 pm Pier 2
October 13.
Argo Eel River Ports... 4 pm Pier 2
Pomona.... Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 9
Queen Puset Sound Ports. 11 am Pier- 9
Rival Wlllapa Harbor ... 4 pm Pier 2
October 15.
Coronado... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
N. Maru.... China & Japan... 1 pm Pier 40
G. W. Elder Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
October 17.
San Jose... N. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 10
Alameda... Honolulu 2 pm Pier 7
Callfornlan. New York 3 pm Pier 23
October 18.
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier »
Centennial. Seattle & Tacoma. 10 am Pier 2
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. For. . 8alls.
City Seattle... Skagway & Way Ports Oct. 8
Dlrlgo Skagway & Way Ports Oct. 9
Oregon Nome Oct. 10
Humboldt.... Skagway A Way Ports Oct. 11
City Topeka.. Skagway & Way Ports Oct. 13
Farallon Skagway & Way Ports Oct. 14
Cottage City.. Skagway & Way Ports Oct. 14
Santa Ana.... Cooks Inlet & Way Pts Oct. 16
Al-Kl Skagway & Way Ports. Oct. 16
Nome City.... Cooks Inlet & Way Pt* Oct. 22
CLEARED.
Wednesday, October 7.
' Stmr Coos Bay, NIcolson, San Pedro; Pacific
Coast Steamship Co. ".. ; ¦ ,
Wednesday, October 7.
Stmr Coos . Bay, NIcolson, 84 hours from
Newport and way ports. •
Stmr Alcatras, Carlson. 12 hours from PolDt
Arena.'
Stmr James Dollar, Thwlng, 00 hours from
Seattle. •
Stmr Phoenix, Odland, 14 hours from Men-
Stmr Columbia, Doran, 64 hours from Port
land, . via Astoria 40 hours.
Stmr Geo Loom! s, Badger. 95 hours from
Whatcom. ¦ • , '•-•«_
Stmr W H Kruger, Ahlln, 27 hours from
Eureka.
Nor stmr Tellus, Pedersen, 82 hours from
Ladysmlth. ¦ • .
Br «stmr Lytton, Collins, 17 days from Salina
Crux, i ¦ • ¦ .
Ship Llewellyn J Morse, Marshall, 16 days
from Port Wrangel.
Br ship Forrest Hall." Logan. 189 days from
Dublin, via Cardiff 145 days. ¦ . ,
Bark R.P Rlthet. McPhall, 27 days from
Honolulu.
Ft- bark Vlncennes, Salaun, 70 day* from
Newcastle, Australia. . • . ¦' . ' ¦
Schr Falcon, Anderson, 11 days from Grays
Harbor.
. Schr Mary E Russ, Nyman, 4 days from
Eureka.
Schr Ida Ecbnauer, Brastlng, 10 days from
Grays Harbor. ._ ¦¦ .
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Branch Hydrographtc Office, U. S." N.. Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco, ' Cal..
October 7, 1003. .
The Time Ball on- the. tower of the Ferry
Time Ball.
THURSDAY, OCTOBER 8.
Sun rises .6:11
Sun sets • 0:43
Moon rises .....7:05 p. to.
0 Timel Time Time Time
g. Ft. Ft. ¦ Ft. | Ft.
f L W| H W L W H W
[? 5:22' 1.6 11:42 .6.3 5:571 . 0.5 :....|.....
HW LW HW' LW
8 0:43 4.9 5:59 1.0 12:10 5.4 0:35 0.2
8 1:331 4.81 6:37 2.2 12:50 5.4 7:22 0.1
10 2-27 4.6 7:20 2.6 1:30 5.3 8:15 0.1
11 3-27 4.6 8:12 2.8 2:17 5.2 8:14 0.2
12 4:30 4.5 9:17 3.1 3:2S 0.110:16 0.3
13 5-35 4.6 10:36 3.1 4:2G 4.0 11:24 0.*
14 6:36 4.711:50 2.9 5:43 4.8J..:
NOTE — In the above exposition of ths tides
the early morning tides are given In the lert
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tides of the
day, except when there ore but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
slim precedes the height, . and then the number
given Is tubtractcd from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.
selves in private. They are not expected
to take long before announcing their de
cision or their disagreement.
So fully have both sides of the question
been threshed that there will be little to
be said when the commissioners meet In
private, and it is generally believed that
if the arguments have had any Influence
they have already had their effect. Noth
ing which had been adduced is believed to
have weakened the previously expressed
opinions of the American and Canadian
members of the tribunal. What influence
the. contentions have had upon Lord Al
verstone is naturally the chief point of In
terest and surmise. Unless he sees some
reason to disagree with the Canadian
case, the tribunal can quickly agree to
disagree. If the American case has im
pressed his lordship, some interesting
private developments are likely to occur
which may delay the decision.
In any case the best Informed opinion
is that some result will be reached within
two or three days after Counsel Dickin
eon has closed his arguments. The Amer
icans interested in the case to-day ex
pressed, though In a. guarded manner, a
more hopeful view than they have hither
to held.
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
1. r., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at S
p. m. Greenwich time.
J. C. BURNETT,
Lieutenant, U. S. N., in charge.
Geary-street bond election to-day.
Vote asralsst the issue, a,e the experiment
sorely would prove a foliar*.
Movements -of Steamers. .
Stmr Pomona, Swanson, Eureka; Pacific
Coast Steamship Co. - ¦ '
Stmr State of California, Thomas, San Diego;
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
. Stmr Curacao, Paulson, Ouajrmu; Pacific
Coast Steamship Co.
Nor stmr Hero. Sy vert sen, Lady smith; R
Dunsmulr's Sons Co.
Br Btmr Doric, • Smith. Honekons, etc; O
& O SS Cb.
BAILED.
Wednesday, October 7.
Btmr Arctic. Reiner*. Eureka.
Stmr Iaqua, Bonlfleld, . Eureka.
Stmr Curacao, Poulsen, Guaymas and way
ports. • -
Stmr Pomona. Swanson, Eureka.
Stmr Mandalay, Payne, Crescent City.
Stmr Brooklyn, Walvlr, Fort Brags.
Stmr Ar»o,. Dunham, Eel River.
Br «tmr Doric, Smith, Honkrkongr, etc.
Nor stmr Hero, Syvertsen, Ladyarnith.
Bark Hecla. Nelson, Port Hadlock.
Bark Edward May, Hansen, Makawell, via
Kahului.
Schr Mary C, Campbell, Bodega.
SPOKEN. r-
Per Nor rtmr Tellua — Oct 7, outside the
heads. Ft ehlp Leon Blum, from Swansea, for
San Francisco.
Eept 80. lat 39 N. Ion 11 W. Fr bark Ar
men, from- Antwerp, for Oregon.
Per stmr Jamea Dollar — Oct 5. 60 miles N"
of Cape Blanco, stmr Sequoia, with schr Oak
land in tow, hence Oct 2, for Sluslaw River;
wind ittrong SW.
Per Br chip Forrest Hall— July 11. lat 60 60
P. Ion 65 01 \\", Br ship Clan Graham, from
Hamburg 1 , for San Francisco. July 22, lat
BS 42 S, Ion 73 14 W, Br ship Crompton, from
London, for Tacoma.
-Per stmr Columbia — Oct T, 11 miles KSK of
Point Reyes, echr Camano, from Port Gamble,
for San Francisco.
S«pt 24. lat 32 42 N, Ion 133 44 W, Fr .bark
Amlral Haigan, from London, for Oregon; all
well.
Per (tmr VT H , Kroner — Oct 7. 25 mllea
XXW of Point Reyes, schr Helene, from Port
Hadlock, for San Francisco.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Oct 7, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind W, velocity 6 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE — Sailed Oct 6 — Stmr Dolphin, for
Ekagway.
Arrived Oct 7 — Stmr Rainier, hence Oct 3;
stmr ¦ Centennial, hence Oct 3.
TATOOSH— Passed In Oct 7— Schr Annie E
Small, from Santa Rosalia, for Everett.
TACOMA— Arrived Oct 7— Schr Wlnslow,
from San Pedro; stmr Mackinaw, hence Oct 3.
Sailed Oct 7— Stmr Mlneola, for San Fran
cisco.
Arrived Oct 7 — Stmr Nebraskan, from Se
attle.
ASTORIA— Arrived Oct 7— Stmr Geo W El
der, rienee Oct 5.
Arrived Oct 7— Schr Mabel Gale, heaca Sept
23; Aus stmr Kobe, from Samarang; schr
Viking, hence Sept 20.
Sailed Oct 7— Stmrs Frentlss and Aberdeen,
for San Francisco.
PORT BLAKELET — Arrived Oct 7 — Br bark
Battle Abbey, hence Sept 27.
"WINSLOW— Arrived Oct 6— Schr Bainbrldge,
from San Pedro.
HARDY CREEK— Sailed Oct 7— Stmr Ful
ton, for Eureka.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Sailed Oct T— Stmr
Arizonan. for San Francisco.
WHATCOM — Arrived Oct 7 — Schr Challen
ger, hence Sept 22.
REDONDO— Sailed Oct 6— Stmr Noyo, for
San Francisco: schr Metha. Nelson, for Eureka.
SOUTH BEND— Sailed Oct 7— Stmr Rival,
for San Francisco. ; |
PORT HADLOCK— Arrived Oct 7— Schr Me
teor, from San Pedro.
SAN PEDRO — Arrived Oct 7 — Stmr Olympic,
from Falrhaven; utmr Bonlta, hence Oct 4.
Sailed Oct 7 — Schr W J Patterson, for Grays
Harbor: schr Cecelia Sudden, for Grays Har
bor; schr Expansion, for Tacoma: stmr Bonlta,
for San Francisco; stmr Samoa, for San Fran-
Po'flT GAMBLE— Arrived Oct 7— Schr Snow
& Burgess, hrnce Sept 27.
EUREKA — Sailed Oct 7— Stmr Corona, f->r
San Francl3co; stmr San Gabriel, | for Ban
Pedro.
Launched Oct 7— Schr Como.
ABERDEEN— Arrived Oct 7— Schr Emm*
Utter, hence Sept 25.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Oct 7— Stmr Se
quoia, hence Oct 2. Oct 6 — Stmr Coronado,
hence Oct 2. - •
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Oct 0— Br bark
Battle Abbey, hence Sept 27. Oct 7— Stmr Me
teor, from San Pedro.
Passed In Oct 7— Schr Challenger, hence Sept
22; schr Muriel, from Santa Rosalia; ship Oc
cidental, from Bristol Bay.
Arrived Oct 7 — Stmr Annie E Smale, from
Santa Rosalia, for Everett.
ISLAND PORTS.
HILO — Arrived Oct &— Ship Falls of Clyde,
hence Sept 20.
HONOLULU— Sailed Oct ft— Stmr China, for
Yokohama and Hongkong. Oct 7 — Stmr Ala
meda, for San Francisco.
Arrived Oot 7 — Br ship Ormsary, from Now.
castle. Australia: stmr Argyll, hence Sept 27;
schr C A Tnayer, from Falrhaven; Ger bark
Atlantic, frcm Bremen.
J EASTERN PORT.. : l.-J'k
NEW YORK— Sailed Oct 0— Stmr Seguranca,
for Colon.
FOREIGN PORTS. •
PUNTA ARENAS — Arrived Sept 22 — Ger
stmr Abydos, from Hamburg.
YOKOHAMA — Sailed Eept 22 — Stmr Olrmpla,
for Tacoma.
Arrived Oct 7 — Jap Btmr Hongkong Maru,
hence Sept 19.
VICTORIA— Arrived Oct 7— Br ship Cromp
ton/ from ¦ London. ¦ ¦
OCEAN 8TEAMERS. -;'--.
NEW YORK — Arrived Oct 7 — Stmr Mesaba,
from London. , • ¦ ¦ ¦-
• Sailed Oct 7 — Stmr New York, for Southamp
ton; anchored below the Narrows owing to tog.
ANTWERP — Arrived Oct 7 — Stmr Pennlaml,
from Philadelphia. .
. LIVERPOOL-^-Arrived Oct 7— Stmr Noord
land, from Philadelphia.
I NAPLES — Arrived Oct 7 — Stmr Lahn, from
New York, vlaSt Michaels, for Genoa, and
sailed. '
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed Oct 7— Stmr Kaiser
Wilhelm II, from Bremen, for New York, via
Cherbourg. • ' - ' '
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Oct 7 — Stmr Sax
onia, from Liverpool, for Boston.
NANTUCKET LIGHTSHIP — Arrived Oct 7 —
Btmr Auranla, from Liverpool; 35 miles E at
8 p m..
• . PARIS, Oct. 7.— It developed to-day that
the Russian, Mutaflnskl, arrested here
October 1 on the charge of exploiting
worthless mines in Abyssinia, is really
M. Nourp'k, a brother-in-law of M. Wltte,
the President of the Russian Council of
Ministers. M. Nourok and "Baron de
Chedouvre," said to be a former officer
of the Russian army, have been Interro
gated by the police as to their where
abouts at the time of the murder of Eu
grenie Fougere. at her villa a Aix les
Balnes, September 8. It is ascertained
that the charge In connection with the
mines Is merely a pretext for the deten
tion of M. Nourok.
M. Nourok Is Interrogated by Police
; i in Connection With Death of
Eugenie Fougere.
WITTE'S BROTHER-IN-I.AW
SUSPECTED OF MUBDER
A dangerous sobem* of political
bosses la veiled In tae purchase by the
municipality of the Geary-street rail
way. Vote to-day afalnit the proposi
tion.
LONDON, Oct. 7.— By Thursday even-
Ing: the Alaska boundary tribunal probably
•will have finished all ItB labors except the
pronouncement of Its aecision. "Jacob M.
Dickineon of American counsel expects
to say the last word In the controversy
before the adjournment of the afternoon
session, after which the commissioners
will consider the arguments among them-
Recent events at Cuidad Bolivar, Ven
ezuela, and President Castro's conduct
are believed to have caused the orders.
The appearance of German warships In
Venezuelan waters is not impossible.
BERLIN, Oct. 7.— Th« correspondent of
The Call learned to-day that all vessels
of the German squadron now In American
waters have been ordered ' to assemble In
the next few days off the Haytlan coaat,
or in the vicinity of Jamaica, with a view
of their immediate dispatch to Central
American waters.
Vessels Soon Be Sent
to the Venezuelan
Waters.
Counsel Dickinson Will Say
Last Word for United
States To- Day.
Americans in London
Are Sanguine of
Victory.
Kaiser Orders Warships
to Assemble Off
Hayti.
BOUNDARY CASE
NEARS DECISION
GERMAN FLEET
TO AWE CASTRO
COMES TO PORT IN NEED OF FUEL,
REPAIRS AND MEDICAL ASSISTANCE
British Steamship Lytton Seeks Coal and a Dry Dock and Is^
Ordered Into Quarantine on Account of Sickness and Death
From Malarial Fever Which Breaks Out During the Voyage
BRITISH STEAMSHIP LYTTON, WHICH PUT IX HERE YESTERDAY SHORT OF FUEL. AND IN NEED OF
REPAIRS, AND WHICH WAS ORDERED INTO QUARANTINE BY THE FEDERAL OFFICIALS ON AC
COUNT OF SICKNESS ON BOARD.
Nzppon Maru Released.
The Jaoscese liner JCIppcn Maru was re
leased from cuarantln* yesterday. Her pas-
Kenjrers were taken to the Pacific Mail wharf
in a tugboat. The steamship docked about 4
o'clock. General Sancer and 1:1s aid. Lieu
tenant Taylor, who have been engaged in
taking a census of the Philippine Islands, re-
The bark Edward May sailed yesterday for
Makawell via Kahului and Eleele with an as
sorted merchandise cargo, valued at $36,387.
and including the following: i
301 bbls flour. 3::07 ctls barley, 150.379 lbs
200 sks bran. 10C7 bales hay, 12.000 lbs mid
dlings. 125 ctls wher.t. 6W2 lbs beans. 16 ctls
ccrn. 73 ctis oats, C00 lbs coffee, .'SO cs beer,
1C22 £»!« wine, 25 cs 111 gals whisky. 10 cs
liquors. S3 pkgs baking powder. 45 pkgs gro
ceries and provisions, 205 pkgs potatoes, '35 pkgs
onions. C144 lbs 27 cs bread, 8520 lbs codfish.
4SS1 lbs Hrrt. 12.111 lbs sugar, 491 cs canned
goods. 100 lbs dried fruit, 1981 lbs ham and
bacon. 85 cs 83 pkgs nalmon, 1000 ]bt salt. 308
lbs butter. CS" lba 3 cs cheese. 75 pkgs paate,
420 lbs hepfi. 275 lbs peas, 13 pkgs fresh fruits
and vegetable*. 253 gals vinegar, 1145 lbs
candy, 59 pkgs paper, 21 cs boots and Rhoes,
8 pkgs leather, 85 bdls wire, 1250 cs coal oil,
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
NEWS OE THE OCEAN.
The bark Hecla, recently converted from a
ehlp, sailed yesterday for Port Hadlock for
a load of lumber for this port. Upon her re
turn she will be laid up indefinitely.
Is "Novr a Bark.
Ab neither Governor Pardee nor Mayor
6chmit« attended yesterday's special meeting
ef Use State Board cf Harbor Commissioners
the awarding of the contract for the construc
tion of the new section of the seawall had
to be postponed. This new section is to be
built from Channel street 600 feet north, and
under the law either the Governor or Mayor
must rive his consent to the letting of the
contract. The lowest bidder was the Atlantic,
Gulf aad Pacific Company, with an - offer to
6o the work for $111,100. The special meet
ing was adjourned until to-day, when, if the
necetsary officials are present, the contract
will be awarded to the lowest bidder.
At the regular meeting of the Iword the
local bankers rwju^sted that the fern" tower
be illuminated from October 20 to October 2.1,
In honor of the '.'letting money merchants,
mho meet he-e in convention en those dates.
Mayor and Governor Absent.
The French bark Vlncennes, which arrived
yesterday, seventy days from Newcastle,
Australia, picked up a sixteen-foot fishing
boat off the nine-fathom buoy. The boat had
a red .bottom and white sides. The letters
"D. B. H." were printed on the cushions,
and the boat contained a fishing outfit and
a pair of oars and rowlocks, which were ship
ped.
Picks TJp Fishing Yawl.
The long overdue Helen Brewer was posted
as miKlng yesterday at Lloyds, and now
belongs officially to the fleet of the lost.
About $225,000 was played on the Brewer of
which all but $50,000 was Invested "to "ar
rive." The British ship St. Mungo was added
to the overdue list. She Is out eighty-five
days from Acapulco for Taltal, and is quoted
at 10 per cent. The rate of reinsurance on
the Finebury was advanced to 80 per cent,
and the Carolla and Loch Long were marked
up to CO per cent. . -
Posted as Hissing.
F. W. Powell, B. &. Dunham, T. A. Pier
son, E. Oman, W. G. Wilson, Miss Baldwin,
H. Becker. Mies Alcalda and two sisters, J.
C. Bothln. L. J. Sadler, F. Gimond. R.
Agulrre, Mrs. R. Wheeler, Miss Alcalda, John
Du Fresne. J. P. Beltram. F. L. Turner.
The Pacific Coart Steamship Company's
Curacao sailed yesterday for Guaymas with
a full cargo and passengers as follows:
Caracao Sails.
With nearly 6000 tons of cargo and more
than eighty cabla passengers the Occidental
and Oriental Steamship Company's liner* Doric
called yesterday for the Orient. Among the
passengers were many missionaries and a num
ber of Government employes bound for the
Philippines. The Doric's cargo included 2500
tons of flour, r.SOo bales of sheeting and a
tjuar.Uty of machinery.
In addition to her cabin passengers the
Doric carried 190 Chinese, of whom twenty
&re goir.tr back under order or deportation.
The Doric's passengers include the follow
ing named :
For Yokohama — F. J. O. AIsoo. Mrs. C. R.
Anthony. Captain L. W. Blckel. Miss A. V.
Ulnr K. Cunnlnrham, A. D. Dodge. Mrs. P.
A. Hearst and maid. J. Otis Mlnott, H. M.
Rogers. Mrs. H. M. Rogers. Dr. H. Slde
botham. B. M. Smith.
Kobe — Miss C. M. Chlleott, Miss M. Chil
cott. Rev. J. F.' Preston, Mrs. J. F. Preston.
Nagasaki — Miss M. 11. Jacobs.
Shanghai — W. P. Armstrong, Mies M. Baily.
H. Bouchoux. Rev. L G. Boy d stun. Miss Alma
Favors. Miss M. Fearscn, Rev. P. O. Hanson.
Mr*. P. O. Hanson and Infant. liev. W. H.
Hudson, Mrs. \V. II. Hudson and fixe children.
Leopold Jacobs, Rev. O. F. Jenkins". Miss E.
n. Kellar. Miss C. D. Kendall. Mlts Beryl
MaeKenxle-. J. S. McCoy, A. McLeod. Mrs. A.
McLecd. Mies Edna McCuan. G. W. Noel. Miss
Lottie Xorden, Rev. Thomas B. Owen, Miss
Ellen Peterson, Miss F. Rodd.
Hongkong— J. Abeles. M. Abeles. H. K.
Burke. Miss A. M. Campbell. Rev. D. O. Col
lins. Mrs. D. Q. Collins and three children. L.
M Crary. C. F. Davis. O. D. Filley. Mrs.
Gladys Gordon H. W. Hallbourr. L. J. Ham
mer. Mrs. 6. P. Holoomb and infant. Captain
B. G. Jones. Mrs. S. G. Jones. William Man-
Ion G. G. Master. Mrs. G. G. Master. C. R.
McBride. F. A. McClellan. J. A. McClellan.
Mrs. J. A. McClellan, G. E. Rowe, Mrs. F.
P. Ruet. Charles 6chle»!nger, Major B. O.
Shields, Mrs. El O. Shields. Miss C. Shields.
Mies K. Shields. Miss Grace Tennyson. H. J.
E. Thorns*. G. V!. Vllaln Mies M. I. Young.
To Join *t Honolulu — C. E. Dewey.
Doric Sails for Orient.
Among the deported Chineee that left yes
terday on the steamship Doric was Pon Yung,
a student. Pen arrived here some time ngo
and proceeded to San Diego, where he is said
to have been faithfully preparing himself to
enter Pomona College. Pon's funds fell short
and, in emulation of the American student,"
the Chinese sought to maintain himself by
work. The fact that the Celestial, admitted
as a 6tudent. was performing manual labor
was r*corted to the Chinese Bureau. Pon
was promptly arrested, tried, ordered deported
end is now on his way back -to China to
think up some different method for securing
an Occidental education.
Students May Not Labor.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's liner
Ventura will eail to-day for Honolulu and the
Antipodes with a large cargo and more than
150 passengers. Among the latter will b«
Mr. end Mrs. W. W. Kunge Jr. of this city,
who are leaving on their annual tour of the
world. George W. Mallelieu, Sidney Clement
son, R. H. Stevenson and F. R. Pratt, well
known wool buyers, all leave on the ventuia
for the colonies. The Ventura's cargo In
cludes 7000 boxes of apples. feOO bicycles and
a large consignment of canned fruit and sal
mon.
Veutura to Sail To-Bay.
NOTE — The high ! and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide is the eame nt both places. •
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Time and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. • Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
To China— 16.342 bbls flour, 14.396 lbs 2 cs
bread. 13.535 lbs beans, 1)95 lbs butter. 22,698
lbs ham and bacon, 18.310 lbs codfish, 7137 lbs
3 cs cheese, 24S7 cs canned goods, 72 cs salmon.
11,. "50 lbs 30 pkgs dried fruit, 780 pkgs fresh
fruit, 197 pkgs groceries and provisions, 651
pkgs paste, S573 lbs 0 cs meals, 9 cs candy.
3500 lbs 1 cs chocolate, 6553 lbs ginseng, 180
lbs lard, 490 lbs raisins, 4534 lbs nuts, 20 pkgs
onions, St.f'iOl lbs coffee, 450 pkgs potatoes,
3070 gals 58 cb wine, 100 kegs pickles, 952 lbs
sugar, 27,C>24 lbs dried fl*h. 540 lbs hops, 3000
lbs peas, 5 cs honey, 1500 lbs pearl barley, 50
cs syrup, 2445 bales cotton domestics, 2500
bales sheetings, 640 coils 5S0 bdls wire, 6830
lbs tobacco. 12 cs cigarettes, 12 pkgs electrical
supplies, GO bxs soap, 119 pkgs table prepara
tions, 7 pkgs leather, 37 pkgs dry goods, 3 cs
boots and shoes. IS pkgs machinery, 9 pkgs
drugs and sundries.
To Philippine Islands — 4323 lbs beans, 200 cs
canned vegetables, 10 bxs fresh fruit, 10 cs
graphite, 10 rolls leather. 5 pkgs machinery,
6 pkgs dry goods, 3 cs electrical supplies, 10
pkgs furniture, 3 cs books, 1 cs oil.
To East Indies — 125 cs canned salmon, 7186
lbs hops, 23 cs canned goods, 4 pkgs groceries
and provisions. 193 lbs dried fruit.
To Korea — 30 cs canned goods, 13 pkgs gro
ceries and provisions, 300 lbs dried fruit, 100
lbs raisins, 19 pkgs machinery, 2 cs leather, 12
pkgs windmill, 7 pkgs pipe, 37 pkgs stoves and
fittings. • . ,
To Valdlvostok — 1250 lbs dried fruit.
To Japan — 2927 bbls flour, 14,000 lbs sugar,
3325 gals 10 ca wine, 70 pkgs groceries and pro
visions, 3030 lbs ham and bacon, 1550 lbs 3 cs
cheese, 5412 lbs butter, 300 lbs 2 cs bread, 330
lbs cod fish. IBS cs canned eoods, 4720 lbs 27
pkgs mllletuffs. 4 boles hay. 3 cs olives, 330 lbs
dried fruit. 1347 lbs nuts. 2000 lbs raisins. 11
pkfrs fresh fruit, 100 rolls 5 pkgs leather, 124
cb rubber boots and shoes, 32 pkgn drugs and
sundries, M bxs soap. 210 pkgs bicycles and
sundries, 70 pkgs machinery, 6 pkgs dry goods,
3 cs paint, CO pkgs electrical supplies. 31 pkgs
table preparations, 502 gals rum, 17 cs whisky,
(i cs honey, 7. r >00 gals alcohol, 9 pkgs agricul
tural Implements. 8 cs champagne, 213 bags
bor.es.
The steamer Doric sailed yesterday for Hong
kong via Honolulu and Tokohama with a gen
eral cargo valued at $430,326, exclusive of
treasure, and distributed as follows: For
Japan. JfiO.OOO; China. $357,051: Philippine Isl
ands. J425.3; Kast Indies. $2390; Korea, $3563;
Vladivostok. $CO. The leading exports were aa
follows :
Merchandise for the Orient.
THE British steamship Lytton,
bound from Panama for Port
Townsend, put into this port yes
terday crippled, short of fuel and
with death and sickness on beard.
The elckness is said to be malarial fever.
Of three victims one died Just before port
vu reached and the Lytton ¦vrill be iwld
In quarantine until the Federal surgeons
are thoroughly satisfied as to the nature
of the ailment.
After leaving Panama the Lytton met
with a succession of storms. While an
chored off Salinas Cruz her windlass
broke during a heavy 6qud.ll and the ves
ecI grounded, knocking a hole In her
ttern and bending several plates. Tem
porary repairs were effected and the
steamship resumed her voyage, Xine days
of northwesterly gales caused an unex
pected consumption of fuel and the Lyt
ton came here for refuge. While in port
sh« will be drydocked and thoroughly ie
p aired.
294 cs soap, 270 lbs 17 cs meals, 12 pkgs dry
goods. 2 cs drugs. 69 plcgs paints and oils. 10
cs turpentine. 14 bales twine. 740 bdls shingles,
24,010 feet lumber, 5C0 railroad ties, 45 ska
coal. 3441 sks fertilizer. 19 pkgs agricultural
Implements, 13 rk&s machinery.
turned on the liner, anu among the passengers
was CaDtaln Staunton of the navy, lately in
command of the Rainbow and Helena at the
Asiatic station. While at Hongkong the Nip
pon had the official trial upon which depends
her retention of the Japanese mall contract.
She pasffd the inspection with flying colors
and made as high speed as IS. 2 knots, proving
herrelf faster to-day than when she was given
her first trial.
THE SAN FBAKCISCO CALL, THUHSDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1903.
10
RAXLWAY TBAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Olftla Line, Foot of Maricrt Street J
MAT* - r»<»» S«rr»MB»» 2. !»». - ¦»««?»
' 7.00* Benlcla. Sulsun. Elmira aad B»cra-
mento *«•
74XK VacaTille. Winters, namser....... 725r
7J0a Martinez. San Ramon. v»neja,
Kapa, CalUtoea, Santa, Rosa...... B2SF
7.30*. Xtle*. LT»eruaore. LatUrop. 8:ocX-
?on ......•••••• * " w
I CO* D*Tii.TVoodiaod. Rnl(ta:s LandtD*.
MarjsrlUe. OroTlllo, (connect*
•tMarrsrlUe for Crtdley. Btgg*
aMChtro >..... -— • ,Z-5!*
¦ 00a. Atlantic Express— Oaaen and Eas». 10.25a
•420* Port Costa, .Marttnex, Antloeh. By-
ron,Tracy.8to<rttoa.SacrameBU>,
Loa iWna. Mendeta, Unoford.
Vlaalla. Porterrllle 4JI*
•XOa Port Costa. Martlaez. Tracy. L»tn-
rop, Modrsto, Merced. rre»n«.
- : ©onheo Janctlon, Uaaford. Vlr
salla, Daiorrsfleld O-Za*
tJOA Shasta Sxpr«sa— Davla. wmtams
<for Bartlelt Sprinas). Willows.
tPrnto, U»'l Olaff. PortUnd /•8SV
1 50 » Kllei. Saa Jose, LiTarmore. Stock-
ton. lone. Pucramoato.PUf-rTlile,
M»rjsTlll«. Chlco, Rril Ulnff 423*
8.30* Oskdalft. Chinese, Jamestown. So-
ior«, Toolnmne and Angels ..... 4 25*
• CO 4 Martlnexaod WayStattoaa. •¦»••>
1000a Vallejo.. 12?i»
10 CO* Kl Paao Pass«niKer. Eastboand^—
Port Costa. Martlnex, Byroa,
Tracy. Latbrop, Stockton,
Merced. Raymond. Fresno, Baa*
fcri. VUalla. Bakersfteld. Lo*
Augeles and El Paso. (Wnv
bouml arrive* Tta Coast Line)... «15CT
10.00a Tta Overland Limited — Ogion.
Deaver, Omaha, Chicago. •23*
12-OOx Hayward. Riles aad Way Stations. SZSr
11-OOr Sacrtmeato Rlrer Steamer* til. 00*
3-30* Benlcla, Winters. Sscrsmento,
Waodlaoa. Wllllaons. Colusa.Wll-
lows. Knlchts Laadlnc. Marya-
Tllle. Oroville and way stations.. 19 S3a
IJSr Hayward, NUes and Way Stattoaa.. /.55*
4.C0* M»rttne*,Si>nK«mon.V»lleJo,ya?a,
Callstoga. Santa Rosa i25*
400r Martlnex. Traey.Latbrop.Stockton. 10-23*.
4 00* Klles, Ltrertnore. Stockton. Lodl.. 4-2Sr
4JS0r Hayward. Kile*. Irrtnctoa. Saa I tt.BSA.
Jose. Llvennore f 111.53*
6-COr The Owl Limited— Fresno. Tolar*.
Bakersfleld. Lo* Ansjeles (ISA
BJWr Port Cost a, Tracy, Stockton, Lo*
Bano* 12 Z5*
tS.30* Hayward. Nile* and Saa Jo»« ..... .7.2S*
• OOr llay ward. Nile* and 6*a Joss. 10 25a
8.00* Oriental Mall— Orden. DeaTtr.
Omaha, St. Loala. Chicago and
Kaat. Pon Coata, Benlcla. Bat-
son. Elmtra, Davis. 8acramentcw
RoekllB. Aabum. Colfaz.
Trneke«. Boca. Kano, Wad*.
, worts. Wlnnemucca, Battl*
Mountain. Elko 4-ZS»
».. Eeno, Trnekee, Sacramento, Dam,
Sulsun. Bealcta. Port Coata...... 751a
l.00> Vallelo. dally, except Sanday.... I tij.
7.00* Vallelo, Sanday only I ••«~'
7X0* Ban Pablo, Port Costa. MarUaea ' m l mm
and Way Stations 1121*
I486* Oregon * California Expre u— Sao-
rmmento, MarysTllle, Reddtog,
Portland. Pnget Soncd and Eait. 153 a
1.1 fly Bay ward. Mies and Saa Jose (8n»
day only) 11.11*
11.25* Port Costa, Tracy, Lathrop. Mo-
desto. Merced. Raymond (to To»
aemite). Fresno. H&nford. VI-
COAST LI NE w (Harrow tiup).
(Foot of Market Street.)
745a Santa Crux Ezcnriioa < Sunday
oniy) ? t-18*
1.15a Kewark. CentenrlM*. Saa Josa.
Felton. Boulaor Creek, 8*nt*
Cm* and Way Stations « 2J»
tt-18* Hewark. CenMrrllle. Baa Jos*.
Hew Alaaden.Los Oatoa.7eltoa,
Bonlder Crnek. Santa Craa aad
Principal Way Stations 10414'
4.18* Kewark. Baa Jose. Lo* Oatot tad
way stations (on Saturday and
Bonday runs through to Santa,
Crux: Moaday only from Bast*
Cruz). Connects at Felton t* •
and fron* Bonlder Creek TB.Sl.a-
OAKLAND HARBOR FERrVr.
Ffom SAN HiA.NCISCO, Foot of JUrket St. (Slip f>
— fJ:13 t:«0 11:00 *.M. 1.00 3 00 6.15 T.M.
Jrom OAKLAND, Foot of Broadway — t«:W 3:»
t9:0S 10:00 a.m. 12.00 200 4.00 TM.
COAST LINE (Broad fiaag*).
* §.10* San .lose and Way Stations I3o7
17.00a Baa Jose and Way SUtion* |4I>
7.15a Monterfy and Santa Cmi Exesr-
ilon (Sunday only) 8 30*
:00* New Almaden (Tuei.. Frld.. only), 418»
XOa Coast Line Limited— Stop* only Saa
Jose. Gilroy (connection for Bol-
llster). Pajaro. CastroTllle. Sa-
linas. San Aria. Paao Roble*,
Bsnta Margarita. Ssn Lais Oblspo,
Gaadalape. Surf (connection for
Lompoc). Santa Barbara, Saagnt
¦nd Los An jelei. Connection al
CastroTtll* to and from Monterey
•adPaclae GroTe 10-419
t.CO a Ban Jose. Tres Pino*, Capltola,
SantaCrnx.Paelae GroTe, Salinas,
San Lu!» Oblspo and Principal
Intermadlata Station* .......... 4.10»
TO-SOa Ban Jose and Way Station*. 1.20V
1140a Cemetery Passenger — Soata Saa
Francisco, S»n Bruno , 1.05*
IUOa SanU Clara, ban Joie. Lo* Oats*
and Way Station* 7.30*
•130r San Jose and Way Stations ... .... x7.00r
2X0* Saa Jcse aad Way Stations 19.40a
2.30* Cemetery Passenger — South Baa
Francisco. San Bruno... 4.53*
tS-BOr Del Monte Express— Santa Clara.
Ban Jom, Bel Monte, Monterey,
Pacific Grore (connect* at Santa
Clara for Eanta Cruz, Bonlder
Creek and X arrow Gang e Points) f12>16f>
i-iOr ractflc Grove and War Stations—
Bnrlinzame,San Muteo.Kr d wood,
Menlo I-ark. Palo Alto, Mayfleld.
Muontatn View. Lawrence. Santa
Clara, San Jose. (GKroy. Holll*-
ter. Tre* Pino*). Pajaro. Wataoa*
tllle. Capltola. Santa Cru*. C**>
troTiUe, Salina* 10 45a
4.30? fan Jo«e and Way Stations 143*
oXC* San Joae. (rte Santa Clara) Lo*)
Gatoa. Wright and PrlnclpalWay
Stations (except Sunday) 9.00a
16-30* San Jose and PrlnclpalWay Station* tfl.OOA
tS.l&* Ean Mateo, Berssford.Belmont.SaA
Carlo*. Redwood, Fair Oaka,
Menlo Park. Palo Alto t945>
JJOr San Jose and Way Station*. 8.3A*
CCr Snnaet Limited, Eaitbonnd.— Saa
Luis Oblspo. Santav Barbara, Lo*)
' - Angeles, l>emtnr. El Paao, Sew
Orleana. New Tork. (Weatborud
arrlTcsTla Son Joaquln Valley)... v9 ?5*
•.00* Palo Alto and Wsy Stations 10.1&4
11.30'Soath Ban Francisco. iinibr»«,1
Barllngame, Saa Mateo, Bel-
mont, Saa Carlo*. Redwood, *«m.
Fair Oak*. Msnlo Park. Palo l! 4 ,?*
Alto. Mayfleld. Mosnteia View. W-45J 1
SannyTale. Lawrence, Santa
Clara and San Joae...
? for Morning. P for Aftoraoom.
X Saturday and Sunday only. t Snn4ay oary,
I Stops at all stations oa Sanday.
t bandar exsepted. a Saturday only.
« Via Coast Line. wVta Baa Joaamm VaUey.
• Reno train eaathoand discontinued.
¦JVOnly trains stopping at Valencia nt xmrhfrnqas)
*j«6:10 a.m.. t7:0O*.» -.11:00 *.M..3:aO*-*. aad l;ao*j%
hto san rafael
sanque;it!n,
will valley,
cazadero.etc.
via Sausalito Terry.
WEEK r>ATS— (Holiday* exc«9ted) — 6:45.
t*7:45. 8:45, 9:45 11 a. m.. 12:2<\ *1:45. 3:is!
4:13, f5:15. t:l&. 8:45. 0, 11:45 p. m.
7:45 a- m. train week days does net run to)
Mltl Valley.
SUNDAYS AND LEGAL HOTJDAT3— T.
t8, t*9. 1*10, 11, fll:30 a. m., f!2:30. t*l:30,
2:35. «3:5O. 5. 6. 7:30, 9. 11:45 p. ra.
Tralns marked (•) run to San Quentin.
Those marked (t) to Flalrfax. except 5:15 p. m.
Saturdays. On Saturdays tho 3:15 p. m. train
runs to Fairfax.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
—Week days— 5:25. 18:25. 7:40, 8:15, »:.-»
11:C5 a. m.. 12:30. 2:20. *3:45. 4:50, 5:00, 6:45*
10:2O p. m. »
SUNDAYS — 8:15, 7:35. JS:10, 8:4C. $10:33
tll:45 a. m.. 12:50, 2:30. t3:25, 4:40. J5:5O.
6:55. 7:35. 10:20 p. m.
Trains marked »t) start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLET TO SAN FRAN-
CISCO— Week days^ — ft: 15, 6:40. 7:45. 8-2.1
9:45. 11:10 a. m., 12:40. 2:45, 4:15, 6:10, 7:05'
10:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:35. 7:55. 10. 11:10 a. m . 1205
1:05. 2:40, 3:45. 4:55. 6:05, 7:10, 10:i0 p. m
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a. m., week days — CaiaJero and way
stations. -
5:15 p. m.. week days (Saturdays excepted)
Tomales and way stations.
3:15 p. m., Saturdays — Cazadero and war
stations. . . •
Sundays and Lesal Holidays — 8 a. ra., Cazay
dero and way stations.
Sundays and Legal Holidays — 10 a. rn. Point
Reyes and way stations.
TICKET OFFICE— «2« Market st.
FERRY— Foot of Market at.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
SmmF^a. fcstsfartstR 7 as^FraV.
W«k San- "~^^T~ W I Wesi"
llWfll
fctpfcyi *ar». urn Viw rf •iSOr.arrtniy.iiTaS
Weekly Call. $1 per Year
"The Arab Scout," by SGhreyer, Free Art Supplement Next Sunday
. ADVERTISEMENTS.
jIpARTERS
,«m«S Ht^wIRm Ran baB%
AEFBgjjy Hrel ¦ I !¦ Bad
SSGK HEADACHE
Positively cared hy these
little Pills,
Thejalsoreliere Distress from Dyrpepda,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect remedy for Dizziness, Kausea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste In the Mouth, Coated Tongro
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small PHI. Small Doso.
Small Price.
BAXLWAY TBAVEL.
The Trip East-
How Shall I Go?
•
That's a question many are asking
themselves just now. Before you
answer definitely please look into our
personally conducted tourist parties
for Omaha, Kansas City, Chicago,
St. Louis and Boston. Through tourist
sleeping cars, and service that you will
thoroughly appreciate.
We like to consider those who
patronize us as our guests and endeavor
to treat them as such. Oar sleeping
cars are modern, roomy, comfortable.
They have all the conveniences of a
standard Pullman car at less than half
the expense. Save your money.
Join one of our parties and you will
have pleasant company and the serv-
ices of a special conductor who goes
through with each party.
Kindly drop me a line if you are
interested.
W. 0. SANBORN, Gen'l Agt Burlington Route.
631 Market Street, San Franolscs.
842
if CALIFORNIA g
I LIMITED TO CHIOAGO !<j
H Loaves Holidays and Tharsdays H
u at 9x30 ¦> in., through In S days, K
H with dlnor and all trappings* ja
Other Santa Fe Trains :
olS ?*«'(. *<»r Stockton, Fresno, Bakenfield*
8 : 00 p" m! ) Merced « Hanford and VUalla.
4.00 p. m. for Stockton.
8:00 p. ra. for Kansas City, Grand Caayoa and
Chicago. ' '
Ticket Offic«: 641 Market St., and Ferry-
Depot, S. F. Also llli Broadway, Oak-
land, Cai.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LiESSBE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
BAXLWAY COMPANY.
Tibuxon Ferry, root of Market Street.
ban raAircxsco to bah batael.
WEEK DATS— 7:30. 0:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:33.
3:30. 5:10. 6:80 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
at 11:30 D. m.
Saturdays^ — Bxtra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
BUND AYS— 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.: 1:30, 3:30.
5:00. 6:20. 11:30 p. m.
SAZT RAFAEL TO SAW 7KANCXS0O.
WEEK DATS— 6:05. 7:35, 7:50. 9:20. 11:15
a. m.: 12:50. 3:40, 5:00. 5:20 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:05 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS- 8:00, 9:40, 11:15 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40.
4:55, 5:05, 6:25 p. m.
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco.! Sept. 27, 1903. [San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I Destlna- I Bun- | Week
Days. I days. | tlon. { days. | Days.
7:30 a 8:00 a I 9:10 a 8:40 a
9:30 a Ignaclo. 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30p 3:30p 6:05 p 6:20p
5:10 p 5:00 p | 7:35 p
7:30a 9:10a 8:10a
8:00 a Nova to. 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p 9:30 a Fetaluma 6:05 p 6:20 p
6:10 p 3:30 p and 7:35 p
5:00 p Santa Roea.
7:30 a I 10:40 a 10:20 a
8:00 a Fulton. 7:35 p 6:20 p
• 3:30 p 3:30 p
Windsor.
7:30 a 8:00 a Healdsburr. 10:40 a 10:20 a
Lytton.
3:30 p 8:30 p Geyserville. 7:35 p 6:20 p
Cloverdale.
7:30 al 8:00 al Hopland 110:40 a|10:20 a
3:30 a] 3:30 p| and Uklah. [ 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30 a| 8:00 a| Wllllta. | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30 a| 8:00 al |10:4O a!10:2Oa
3:30 p| 3:30 p| Guernevllle. | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al Sonoma. I 9:10 al 8:40 a
5:10 p| 5:00 p| Glen Ellen. | 6:05 p[ 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al 110:40 a|10:20 a
3:30 p| 3:30 p| Sebastopol. | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
- STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
Quentln; at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton for Altruria and Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey.
servllle for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers, -Booneville and Greenwood; at
Hopland for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs,
Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay. Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs. Upper Lake. Porno,
Potter Valley, John Day's, Riverside. Lierly'8,
Bucknell'g, Sanhedrin Heights, Hullville. Orr's
Hot Springs. Halfway House, Comptche. Camp
Stevens, Hopkins, Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg.
Westport Usal: at Wllllts for Fort Brasj.-,
Westport. Sherwood. Cahto. Covello. Layton-
vllle. Cummlngs. Bell's Spring3. Harris. Ol-
sen's. Dyer. Garberville, Pepperwood. Scotia
and Eureka. , .'".,.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
On Sunday— Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
i Ticket office. 650. Market street. Chronicle
bU H d C K WHITING. K. X. RYAN
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.Labrousse Arraigned for Murder.
Edmontl Labrousse was Instructed and
arraigned in Police Judge Cabaniss' court
yesterday on the charce of murder and
the case was continued till next Wednes
day. Labroussc shot and kilted Mfss Ma
rie .Jordan at 1453 Sacramento street on
September 22 because she had. refused to
marry him. He shot himself fn the head
after committing the murder and the bal
let has not yet been extracted. • ¦
The Jungfrau Railway In Switzerland
has now reached the Elsrerwand, at an al
titude of about 12,000 feet above sea level.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Oct» 7.— WHEAT— Walla
Walla 73c; bluestem. 77c;. valley. 7C@77c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Oct. 7.— WHEAT-r-Flrm and un
changed; bluestem. 78c; club. sic. . ¦'¦•¦: :.-;..
Exchange and Bullion.
¦ The Doric took out for Hongkong a treasure
list of $1865, consisting of $1715 In Mexican
dollars and $150 in gold coin. This Is an un
usually meager shipment. • .
Sterling Exchange, sixty days....' — : ' $4 82 Ji
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 86*4
Sterling Exchange, - cables. — 4 87*4
New' Tork. Exchange, sight — 07V£
New York Exchange, 'telegraphic. — -10-
Silver, per ounce — 6d%
Mexican Dollars 47 48
WHEAT— There was nothing new from the
Wheat and Other Grains.
BAGS — Grain Bags. 5®5i(ic: San Quentin,
5.55c; Wool Bags, . 32@35c;. Fleece Twine, 74
C8c; Cotton Fruit Bags. 6V4c, 6-%c and "Uc
for the three grades; Brown Jute, «H©7%c. 5
COAL — Wellington, $8. per ton; New Wel
lington, $8; Seattle, $6 50; Bryant, $11 50; Bea
ver Hill, $5 50: Stanford, $7; Roslyn, $7; Coos
Bay, $5 50; Greta, $7: Wallsend, $7; Rich
mond, $7 50; Cumberland, $13, In bulk 'and
$14 25 In s«acks; Welsh Anthracite Erg, $i:t;
Welsh Lump, $11 00; Cannel. $8 50 per ton;
Coke, $11 GOMl.'J per ton In bulk and $15 in
sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions, $S 45 per
2000 lbs and $8 CO per ton. according to brand.
Harrison's circular says: "Since the steam
ship Sonoma left there have been the follow
ing arrivals from Australia: Peter Iredale,
3015 tons; General Roberts. '28fiO; Whltlleburn;
3710; Levernbank. 3795; Andorlnha. 4082; Sara,
gogsa, 3880; Norma, 3400; Euphrosyne. 2860;
Ernest SItgfried. 3G92; General Gordon. 2.V10;
La Tour d'Auvergne, 30<JO; Mary L. Cushlng,
1120; Canrobert, 2829; total. 41.878 tons. The
generous dell%-erles since the last mall have
enabled us to supply our local market with all
tho colonial coal-, for which . ther« Was been
any demand, in fact a large quantity has gone
into yard for future requirements. There arft
at present 33 vessels chartered, ¦ 25 of which
are already en route. - The total tonnage of
these vexsels engaged will foot up 110, OOO tons,
which shows very clearly that the ships are
arriving here largely. in excess of the charters
being made. We had at this time last month
14.V000 tons loading and en: route for thla port.
It in - reported that -IBs la the minimum rate
for. early .loadlns from Newcastle. ¦ But few
vessels are liable to be engaged at this rate,
as Importers cannot see : their ; way clear to
dispose of. coal cargoes at covering 1 figures.
Th« products of British Columbia and Wash
ington are being landed here at prices which
preclude the importation from Australia. Prices
locally are being well maintained as ' the lim
ited number of the wholesale dealers are well
combined to sustain same. ; No contracts are
solicited for fuel oil, except at extreme rates,
which justifies coal importers In sustaining
their present;: values."
OIL — Linseed. 49c for boiled and 47c for raw
In barrels; cases, 6c more; Castor Oil. In cases.
No. 1.- 70c; Bakers' AA. Jl 1001 12; Lucol, 44c
for boiled and 42c for raw In barrels; Lard Oil.
extra, winter strained.* barrels. ; 00c; cases. 95c;
China Nut. 50@70cjper gallon; pure Neatsfoot.
in"barrels, 75c;": cases, SOc; 'Sperm, "pure. 73c:
General Merchandise.
POWDER.
Giant 65% — /Vlgorit — 5
SUGAR.
Hana P Co.. 15c 20c Kilauea S C. — 10
Hawaiian C. 45% — Makawell C. 21 22
Honokaa S C 13 13% Onomea S C. 32 S2%
Hutch a P C im — Paauhau S C — 1«
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack.l53Vil56 lOceanlc S C. — 6*4
Cal Fruit As. »4Vt — Pac A F A. 8% —
Cal Wine As. — 97 hi Pac C Borax. 167 —
Morninr Session.
Board — .
50 Hana Plantation Co 20
15 Hana Plantation Co....; 15
*2000 Spring Valley Cs 105 75
$5000 8 P Cal 1st cons (stamped) 108 25
Afternoon Session.
Board —
10 California Fruit Cannera 94 50
60' Hana Plantation Co 20
50iMutual Electric Light 12 (K>
10 Mutual Electric Light 12 25
10 8 n Oas & Electric Co 67 00
40 Spr/ng Valjey Water Co 4150
Calif orn ia Stock and O il Exchange
Oil Stocks — Bid. ' Asked.
Alma • 140
Apollo "*0
Associated Trust Cert.. 20 23
A ,tec **° •••••
California Standard 11 12
Caribou • 1 00 1 10
Central Point Con 65
Chicago Cruds , 21
Claremont .24 . 40
Eeperanza 1 2j 1 30
Four C 69
Fulton 3 CO
Giant -0
Hanford 140 00 148 00
Home 00 QJH
Imperial ~~.J. 18 CO
Independence 17' is
Junction 20
Kern ••• * lJ 5 25
Kern River .....1100 15 CO
Lion «< 04
Monarch (of^Arlzona) 50 . 6.5
Monte Crist* 75 77Vi
Occidental of West Virginia 17 19
Oil City Petroleum 2S 30
Peerless 13 50 14 00
Plttsburg 23
Keed Crude 41
S. F. & McKlttrlck 2 75
San Joaquin O. & D 5 25
Senator - 6S .....
Sovereign 40
Sterling ••••• 2 75
Superior 06 07
Thirty-three -8 00
Toltec 21 .
Twenty-eight .: 4 00 4 25
West Shore 2 90 3 25
Miscellaneous —
Abby Land & Improvement.. 1 60 2 00
Alameda Sugar ..... 29 00
American Biscuit ........... S8 00 95 00
California Cotton Mills 88 00 05 CO
California Jockey Club....... ..... 105 00
Cal Shipping Co 25 00
Cal Title Insurance & Trust.. 130 00 140 00
Central Bank of Oakland .... 60 00
Chutes Company 825 .....
Cypress Lawn Improvemt Co 6 25 7 60
Fischer's Theater ........... 2 75 ..;./
Gas Consumers' Association 22 50
Honolulu Sugar ' 15 CO
Northern California Power... . 8 00 9 50
North Shore Railroad 9 CO
Orpheum Company 15 23
Pacific State* Tel & Tel: 115 00
Paraf fine Paint 33 CO ......
San Francisco Dry Dock.... 47 00 ..;..
Sanitary Reduction Works... 2 25 .....
Sausaltto Land & Ferry 16 CO
Sperry Flour . Company 27 50 30 00
Standard Electric 18 0O
Tesla Coal Co........ 30 00 t
Truckee Elcctrla *......."....' 13 25 ' ;.....
Joseph Davis was held to answer be
fore the Superior Court by ! Police Judge
Cabaniss yesterday on a charge of as
sault to rob. He and two other men who
escaped, took Henry Gohringer n[ ;i:i
Howard street into a dark doorway on
Mission street, near Third, last Sunday
morning and Gohringer. testified that. they
attempted to rob him. They were seen
by Policeman TUlman, who captured
Davis.
Held for Assault to Bob.
The Santa Fe Railway has petitioned
the Board cf Supervisors for an exten
sion of time until April 30. 1004. to, com
plete the proposed steel foot bridge "along 1
a portion of Nineteenth street. The hoard
Is informed "that the material for the
bridge will arrive here in November, but
Lantry Bros., the contractors, have not
yet brought their work at the site of this
bridge to the official grades and the win
ter rains will delay the work still fur
ther. . -^r- 1 -:
Building of Bridge Is Delayed
HOGS — Live Hogs, 150 to 250 lbs. 5%c; under
1 no-. lbs; 6%@5 ! <ic; Sows. 20 per cent off; Boars
50 per cent off. and Stags, 40 per cent off from
above quotations.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered in San Francisco, less 50
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE — Steers, 8Q9c; Cows and Heifers,
7©8c; thin Cows. 4@3c per pound. '
CALVES — l(&5%c per pound (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers, 3%«3»4c; Ewes. 3©3%c
per pound (gross weight).
LAMBS— $2 7Big3 per head.
PORK— Dressed Hogs, 8V»®9Hc per pound.
, LIVESTOCK MARKET.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— 4J@7c for, Steers and 6®6%c per lb
for Cows.
VEAL — Large, 6%@8c; small. 8<gil0c per
pound.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7%®8c; Ewes, 7®7%c
per pound.
LAMB — 9@10c ppr pound.
-No further change is apparent In any de-
Bcrlptlcn. The supply about balances the de
mand. .
) DRESSED MEATS.
Meat Market.
Weather Report
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.) v
SAN FRANCISCO. Oct. 7—5 p. m.
COAST KECORP.
£ S C O 2 7
I II 11*1 II I
STATION. S" 2 3 |3 g.3 I I
c c * • s
: ? ? '• : :
Baker ?.n.i<« M ?-2 FE Cloudy .00
Cari-on 2J1.W* fts 42 E Pt.CIdy .00
E^r^ks 2».9s 5x 4* XW Cloudy .«•'
Farallon 21».St! 5S 56 N\V I»t.Cl<ly .00
Fresno :*».K4 KG M \V <,Tear .00
Ffans-tsff ". ...29.J»2 72 40 E Clear .CO
Independence 25).Ki> wi r>0 SE Clear .00
I.05 Anpt-le5..2».Ml 7S S2 P fltar .00
Mt TaruaUiais.ir.l.fcS 74 S4 S\V <'loudy .«*>
Noith Head..:{0.04 6S 5<» Xff Ooudy .02
Phoenix . . .. .29.S4 . 90 64 W Clear .CO
1'ocatfllo 30. IN 5<J 30 SE Clear .00
Portland 2!>.«.*i. ttt 46 N Cloudy .(»)
Point Heyef ..29.K2 <j*2 52 N\V Cloudy .00
Real niun 2».k4 <i'» 5«J PE Cloudy .Co
rtoficbur>r 29.WS WJ 42 KW Pt.CIdy .00
e&cram^nto . .2a.W> M fi4 SE cnoudy .C«
Salt Lake :«t.14 .'•« 3S W Clear .«!O
Pan Fran is>.«<5 74 M \Y Cloudy .00
S. 1^ Obi«'po..29.KS 7« f>0 W Clear .00
San Diepo 2".».*>K 0« «2 S\V Cloudy .tlO
Soattle 30.04 M 4^1 N\V Pt.CIdy .Co
Sr-^kane 30.14 5S 3S E Clear .00
Tat»o*h' 30.02 56 50 E Cloudy .<4
1V«:ia \V«Ila. 30.O6 «2 42 N Pt.CIdy .00
Wirn«inuc-a -2H. fv e* 30 NE Clear .00
Y uma t» . 80 92 00 W Clear . 00
"WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pr**f ur^ . i* beKinnlns to fall rapidly
• king t!.e ctrejron coast, and there are lndica
tif > that a moderate disturbance may move
•crops Or<«irr. Thursday and cause Unfit
M,..-. . ¦- penerally in California north of San
Francisco.
Then* ha* b^en but little change In tem
jwitture oier the country west of the Rocky
Mruntains. In the groat valley of California
t!u- temr^rature* are about normal and In the
southern half cf the valley conditions have
been fair for .raisin making.
Hrlsk northTcest wind jprmOls from the Far
allonee to rolr.t Keyee.
- F.ort-catit made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. October 8. 1003:
Northern California — Cloudy," unsettled
R«-ather Thursday with fh'.wers in northern
portion? fresh southerly winds.
. leathern California — Cloudy unsettled ueath
°r Thursday: fresh ffoutheast winds
Xevada— F«ir Tiiur»a&y.
Pan Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy tinset
1»<1 weather -Thursday.- pt^sibly light "showers;
Wit Fouthcrly winds, changing to brisk south
*'" 1 A. G. McADIE.
District Forecaster
EASTERN MARKETS.
Ne;v York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. Oct. 7.— The Ftock market
mox-^d in a rather bewildered way to-day, but
the df-allrcs represented little more than a
eTcp!ng by rrofeseional traders to discern the
wntlnur.t of the real holders of stocks. Tne
reduction In the eteel dividend brought in
t- ¦;;¦.• heavy selling orders, but they were all
j»c<*ept«-d at Crag by one house, which wan crea
-ltod with ecting: for banking interests con
n^cted with the corporation. Support was ac
curded this FttK-k, e*pecialy the preferred, dur
ing the rest of thp day. and the personality
of the brokers employed for this purpose causeii
a funr.isc that the market management of the
flocks had OGOe back to the hands that wen
intrust-ti -with the firft flotation. The common
ftock was forced down over a point at one
time and tht- ceneral list ivas hcaiy after the
opening finrm»-fc?. The marked weakness of
Amalgamated Copper, which lost more than
three point* st one time, had a decided eym
l>ath«tc effect on the general list. Traders
who *old the etock jointed to the fact that as
tn industrial on a 2 p*-r cent dividend basis
it *«f •»:*> high compared with United State*:
t tr-ei. now on tbe Fame basin, but the Infer
ences drawn from the movement of the. stock
: !- to th»> markrt attitude of the large cap!
t.!!i!«ts controlling this corporation were of
ri.urh trore effect on sentiment than any dlvi
c«-nd c'.rr.pari*onF. The accompanying weak-
Boa cf Pt. Paul pave rise to this view of the
jriarket attitude of the Standard Oil party
and made the contrast stronger with *he sup
port in evidence, for a number of Morgan
Ftockf>. inrindirff the rteels. Erie was also
notably firm, notwithstanding the d^epresnion
cmrrifc the coalers as a etoup.
AKwrttons were beard that the coming cold
T>-ca:he- offers little i>ros;»ect of an absorption
of the accumulation of anthracite. The late
•trrncth in Aichlson, which rallied the whole
mark'-t. «<-cmed to be based upon tb<! declara
tion of Th*r resnlar quarterly dividend of 1
yr cent nnd to the growlnc yervee. of *ecurlty
p*. t':> the safety of the corn crop. The in-
Mjfficler.cy of dividend considerations to hoM
prlc** of '.he imiustrla'.s ' was shown in tin;
«.t^ of American Car. which fell a noir.t in
fplte of the retention of its 1 per cent quar
'•:!>' dividend. The preferred stocks also fell
thre* points. The decree*" in net earnings
for the past quarter of t>i.Zr,K,*K! compared
v.-ith Ihe c^rrey^ndtnt quarter cf last vear
ct United EUtea Steel Corporation, and the
{ailing eff of iAXkStS tons in the unfilled or
ders on band for thp aaiaa period, had a de
preralDC effect on ell the iron and eteel In
dustrials and. inderd. uix>n sentiment a» a
.Tvh'ile. an bflnff the most conclusive evidence
of tbe extent to which commercial reaction has
already extended and the fiangcr of" its Btlll
further extension.
Money condition* are prowinpf unmistakably
Tosler and the demand for commercial paper
for'Kew Tork account !¦ reviving decidedly.
Time money Is In Increasing Fupjily. while the
demand at prevalUng: rates Ik almost wholly
r.omlnal. The Increasing ease of money Is
having its effect in the growth cf some in-
MMtOMBt demands for railroad bond* of a good
crade. Total talif, par value, $3,220.0UO.
I'nHrii gtates 2s declined ?4 P cr cent on the
last call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
"Stocks — Salr-f. High. Low. Close.
Atchiaon 34,300 1(4 C5H C4>i
Atchlson |.fd 800 RS»i S7v» SS'.i
Halt A Ohio IC,W<0 74=5i 73% 74',i
Ha2t & Ohio pfd... 100 R" < R" . SCV,
Canadian Pacific... 400 I20>J J20>,i 120%
Central r,f X J J00 154 154 150
Ches & Ohio 1.100 30 29TJ 30
Oil & Alton 1,100 22»4 21 >4 21%
*^hl &, Alton pfd... 100 61 Cl *W»»4
Vfcl & G \V 1,000 15% 15 J5%
Ohl& GWUpH 27
Chi & North 100 157»i l.'.7>4 107
Cbi T & T .... 8%
Chi T & T pfd.... 400 17*4 17 ITU
C. C. C <fe St L C0V4
Colo South ';„ 12%
Colo Foyth in pta. SO0 60^4 48% 48%
Colo South 24 pfd. 2,000 20% 20 - 20
Dela & Hudson :;oo . 153% 16.1 152%
Dcla. L & \V. .. jno 232 232 232
Denver & II G 000 20»i 19% 1»%
TV-nver & It G pfd .... (J3
Erie 29,300 2S»i 27% 28
Krle 1st pfd l.KOO «7 fifl% f6T»
Erie 2d pfd i.eoo 48% 47?i 48
Great Northern pfd .'. . 160
Hocklnir Val ', 37
Hocking Val pfd... 300 7*% 78% 77
Illinois Central 700 13014 129»i 1"9%
Iowa Central 100 19% 19% 1K%
Iowa Central pfd ,. 33
Kan City South C00 18% 17% I7*i
Kan C South pfd. fcOO S3 81 31%
Louisville & Nash. 3.700 9S% 87% 98%
Manhattan L, 2.000 131 130% 130%
Metropolitan Et Hy 1.500 105% 104% 105
Minn & Ft Louis * 45
Missouri Faciflc ... lO.ttOO 89«i 6>«>i K»«,4
Via. K & T 200 179. 17«i 17«1
The United States Circuit Court of Ap
peals yesterday released the bonds of $5000
given by George Allen, who was recently
acquitted of robbery. Allen was convicted
In the United States District Court "of
Alaska and the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals granted him a new trlat.
which resulted In his acquittal.
Gustave A. Mallngri3t appeared In the.
United States District. Court yesterday for
trial on an Indictment for having sworn
falsely to <vi application for a pension as
a veteran of the Civil War, and the trial
was postponed until October 23 on motion
of his attorney. Malingrlst was a mem
ber of Company D. Third Regiment. New
Hampshire Infantry, and deserted on No
vember 7, 1S64. In the same company was
Charles D. Randall, who died many ye'afs
ago, and Malincrist made application on
June 19. 1900, in Randall's' name for an
Invalid pension. . . ;
Gustave Malingris( to Be Tried for
Personating a Brother War
Veteran.
CBIMINAI* PROCEEDINGS
IN THE FEDEE.AX, COUBTS
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l%c under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers, 9%c; medium, 8%c; light, 8c; Cow
Hides. 8c for heavy and 8c for light; Stags.
6c; Salted Kip. 8%c; Salted Veal, 9%c;
Salted Calf, 10c; dry Hides, 15@15%c; dry Kip,
13c; dry Calf, 17c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 25^
30c each; short wool, 40<S5Oc each; medium. 7o
fliftoc; long wool, $1@1 50 each; Horse Hides,
salt, $2 70 for large and $2^2 50 for medium,
$1 25>@1 75 for small and 5Oc for Colts; Horse
Hides, dry. $1 75 for large and $1 50 for me
dium, $1@1 25 for small and 5Oc for Colts.
Buck Skins — Dry Mexican. 32%c; dry salted
Mexican, 20c; dry Central American, 72%c.
Goat Skins — Prime Angoras, 75c; large and
smooth, 50c; medium, 35c; small, 20c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4%©4%c per lb;
No. 2, 4 @4 i,4c; greaee, 2%<iMc.
WOOL — Fall clip— San Joaquin Lambs', 90
12c; Foothill, 10<gl2c; Middlt County, ll@13c.
Quotations for spring clip are as follows:
Humboldt and Mendocino, 18<§2Oc: Nevada. 13
@15e; Valley Oregon, fine. lS@19c; do medium.
17©18c; do. coarse, 16@17c per lb.
HOPS — 22®25c per lb lor California and 20
©25c for Oregon.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
Chicago was lower on the day, with no sup
port except from the shorts. This market was
unchanged and without feature.
CURED MEATS — Bacon. 12%c pel- lb for
heavy, 13c for lleht medium, 15c for light,
15%c for extra light, 18%c for sugar-cured and
l!»c for extra sugar-cured; Eastern sugar
cured Hams, 15V'jc@15%c; California Hams, 15
«?<ir»i/ic; Mess Beef,- $11- 60 per bbl: extra Mess,
$12012 50; Family. $13(113 50; prime Mess
Pork. $19; extra clear, $25; Mess, $20; Do-
Salted Pork, 12%c; Pig Pork, $2S; Pigs 1 Feet.
?5 23; Smoked B«»ef. 15c per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 7%c per lb for
compound and 9%c for pure; half barrels,
pure, lOtfc; 10-lb tlrfs, lie; 5-lb tins, ll%c;
3-Ib tins, lltfc.
COTTOLENE— One half barrel. 9%c; three
half barrels, 9%c: one tierce, 9%c; two tierces,
9V«c; five tierces, 9%c per lb
Provisions.
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..197%205 [Presidio — 41
Geary — — I
TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES.
S F G & E. 66 67Vi/
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd.325 — /
BANK STOCKS. .
Am Nat Bk. — 127 |L P & A.... — 167%
Anglo-Cal .. — 04 |Mer Trust .. — 250
Bank of Cal.475 490 Merch Ex . . — —
Cal Safe Dp. — — 8 F Natlonl. — —
First Natlonl — — I 0
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L. — — iSav & L Soc. 95 105
Hum SAL.— — Sec Sav Bk..40O —
Mutual Sav.. — — (Union T Co.. — —
S F Sav U..CO0 TOO I
Cent L & P. 3% — Sac EG4R — —
Eqult Gas .. 4% 5% S F G & E. 66% 67%
Mutual E L. 12% 1.1 S F Gas.... 3 —
Fac O Imp.. 53 54 Stock G & E 5 —
Pac Lighting 54 — IU G & E — —
. UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I .. Bld.Ask.
4s qr coup... — • — 1 4s qr c (new) — —
4s qr reg.... — .* — 13s qr coup.'. . •*• —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. — — Do. 5s.:..-. —I 112%
Bay CPC 58.103% 108 Do con 5s. 103 —
Cal C G 58.103%. — O;w C ff 5s. — —
Cal G & E g ' Oceanic S 5s. 73 73
m fc ct 5s. — 102% Om C R 6s. — 122%
Cal-st 6s — — Pac G Im 4s. — —
C C'Wat 6». — .102 P E Ry 6s..lC0%110%
E L, & P 6S.125 130 P & C H Cs. — -i —
F & C H 6s. — — P & O R Cs. — — '
Geary-ot 5s.. 45 75 Powel-st 6s.. — 114
II C & S 5%»101 — S E G&R 59. — 103
H C ft 8 5s. 08% — SF & SJV5s. — 117%
Hon R T 0s. 100 108 S R of C Os.112% —
LA Elec 6s. — 103 SPnf Alls •
L A Ry 5s.. Ill — (1909) ....107% — -
L A L Co 6s — — (1910) 1C8% —
Do gtd 6s. — — ' S P of C 6s
Do gtd 53.102 — (1905) Sr A. 101% 103
LAP lem 5s. 98% — UC05)Sr B.102% —
Mkt-st C 6S.11S — (100C) 104% —
DolcmBs. — 110 (1012) ....— —
NRR of C 6sl07%lO8 SPC 1 eg 5«. — 119
NRC of C 5s — 117% Do stmpd.108 —
N P C R 5s.. — 108% S P B R €s. — 135
N C R 5»... — 11» S V Wat 0».103% —
N C P C Os.lOO 101 Do 4s 2dm. «9',il0O
N 8 R 5s. ..ICO — Do4s3dm. 9t»% —
O G L H 5s. — — Btkn G&E 6s 08 —
O T Co Cs.. — 121 U G & E 5s. — —
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa — 50 | Port Costa. . . — —
Marln Co 61 — J Sp V W Co. 41% 41%
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
WEDNESDAY. Oct. 7—2 p. m.
Stock and Bond Exchange.
foreign markets. Chicago was %c higher. The
Chicago letter of .Bolton, de Ruyter & Co.
said: "Cables were steady and th* cash de
mand . everywhere '• was slow. > Primary re
ceipts were a shade less than -last 'year. Fur-.
ther rains in" the Northwest: were responsible
for a" little firmness : in scalping : operation's, !
which closed the market a little above yester
day's latest prices. Snow's estimate in the
Orange Judd • Farmer is bearish,- placing the
crop estimate at 704,000,000 bushels. The ru
mors of a large export business were not con
firmed. The whole ' situation Is a . dull one,
the principal feature everywhere is accumula
ting stocks. There is no pronounced leader
ship on either side of tne market. We are
inclined to think prices will continue gradually
to -drag lower." • ' • .
In this market futures were higher, : but the
each grain was unchanged arid featureless.
CASH WHEAT.
California Club,. .$1 42%®1 45; California
White Australian. $1 52%@1 55; Northern
Club, $1 42%@1 45J Northern Blue Stem,
$1 52%©1 65; Oregon Valley. $1 45 -per ctl.
. •", ... • FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a..m. ' >-. .: .
- Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...$1 .'$$% $1 38% .,$1 SS% $1 3S%
2 p.m. Session.
Open.' ¦ High. Low. Close.
December ...$1 38% $1 38% $1 88% $1 88%
BARLEY — The -feeling was decidedly firm,
and both cash and future grain were higher,
with a good demand for the former.
CASH BARLEY.
Feed, $1 lUJUfl 15; Shipping and Brewing.
fll7%g'l 20; r Chevalier, $1 2001 60 for fair
to choice., .
¦ ¦ FUTURES. ;
• • • Session 9 to 11 :30 a. m.
Open. • High.' Low. Close.
December ...fl 10% $1 11 $1 10% $1 11
2 p. m. Session.
No sales.
OAT8 — The tone is steady and eome large
dealers are reporting a very fair demand,'
though prices show, no -change. •¦
White. $1 20®l 32%; Black, $1 40@l 60; Red.
$1 20® 1 25 for feed and $1 2561 35 for seed;
Gray, $1 22%®1 27% per ctl.
CORN — There j is no further change In quo
tations, but the market is quiet, and the West
ern descriptions are weak.
Western, sacked, $1 40 for Yellow, $1 40 for
White and $1 S5 for mixed; California largo
Yellow, $1 45@1 CO; small round do, $1 70®
1 75; White, *1 50 per ctl.
RYE— $1 25@1 30 per ctl. > '
BUCKWHEAT— $2 25@2 50 per ctl.
Flour and Millstuffs. .
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $4 60®
4 S3, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $4 OOJH 60;
Oregon and Washington, $3 90®4 20 per bbl
for family and' $3 90JT4 40' f or Bakers'.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices In packages are as
follows: Graham Flour, $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye
Flour. $3 25; Rye Meal, - $3; Rice Flour, $7;
Corn Meal, $3 25; extra cream do. $4; Oat
Groats, $4 50; Hominy, $4@4 25; Buckwheat
Flour. $4 60@4 75; Cracked Wheat, $3 75; Fa
rina. $4 60; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; Rolled
Oats, bbls, $7 25^8 60; in Sacks, $6 75(^8 10;
Pearl Barley, $6; Split Peas, boxes. $7; Green
Peas. $5 60 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Stock Hay is dragging, but good to choice'
grain descriptions are in good demand and
1 very firm at a further advance of 60c. Feed-
I stuffs are also firm, but prices -are no- higher.
The circular of Somers '& Co. says of Hay:
"The total receipts of Hay for the past week
were 2500 tons, in comparison with 3000 tons
for the week preceding, a difference, of 1100
tons. Everything except Alfalfa Is now under
cover, and already Hay is being shipped fronv
the- warehouses:- This Is an- unprecedented
condition, and, of course, has hail its conse
quent effect tin prices. As will be seen by quo
tations, prices on all grades- of Hay have ad
vanced from $1 to $1 60 per ton.
"Our lbcal demand Is lalrly active, and the
shipping- trade Coastwise Is quite good. Al
teady interior points are buying, having been
tempted by the high prices offered during the
summer to clean out their entire crop, so
taking all these facts into consideration, we
cannot but express our confidence In the fu
ture of the market, as everything points to
ward a' steady and continued advance In
prices for the balance of the season.
"As before, the medium grades of Hay
form the bulk of the present arrivals. Occa
sionally . a car of fancy grade Wheat Hay
comes to market and goes readily at $10 ."0
per ton, and fancy tame Oat has been sold at
from $13 50 to $14 00."
BRAN— $21 504T22 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— J26 G0@2S per ton.
SHORTS— $21 B0©22 GO per ton. •' »-
FEEDBTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $24@25 per
ton; Oilcake Meal a.t the mill, $20@26 60; Job
bing, $27027 50; Coeoanut- Cake. $21@22; Corn
Meal. ?32 no©33; Cracked Corn. $33@33 60;
Mixed Feed, $22 Mij'S.i 60; Horse Beans- $2S@30
per ton.
HAY— Wheat. $13(fJ16. with sales of extra
choice at $ltf 50; Wheat and Oat, 50®
15 50; Oat. $12.5(>514 50; Wild Oat, $11 50®
12 50; Barley.' $10(ffl2 50; Stock, $9<flO; Alfal
fa. $10@ll 50 per ton. . .
STRAW — IO@COc per bale. '
. Beans, arid Seeds.
Beans are still coming forward liberally, and
the market' continues weak, with a down
ward tendency. Moat of the arrivals need
cleaning, and after this Is done the added
cost gives all such lots an . advance over the
prices at which they sell on the wharf .when
they come In. This accounts for the - dis
crepancy between wharf and dealers' prices.
BEANS — Bayos, $2 35J12 63; Pea, $3 25;
Butters, nominal; small White. $.1SX 25; large
White, $2 50@2 05; Pink. '. $2 40(02 05; Red,
$2 9O@3; Lima. $.1 'Mm 50; Red Kidneys,
$4 P0; Black-eye. $2 50®2 75 per ctl; Horse
Beans. $1 40@l 50.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow,
Mustard, nominal; Flax, .$1 70@l 80; Canary, 1
505%c for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal; Rape
1%6-%c; Timothy, 6©tt%c; Hemp, 3H«f4y,c
per lb; Millet, 3@3%c; Broom Corn Seed, $20@
23 per ton . . , -
DRIED PEAS— Green. $1 80@2 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
• The Potato market was weak, except for
fancy Salinas Burbanks, which were in mod
erate supply and good demand for local use.
River Burbanks are very weak. Receipts con
tinued large, and stocks are accumulating right '
along. Oregon Potatoes were offering at lower
rates, but found few buyers,, owing to the poor
quality of the stock. Sweets were steady and
unchanged. Fancy Onions were In rather lim
ited supply and firm at an advance.
Tomatoes were abandant and easy. The top
quotation was obtained only for some special
brands from across the bay; 40c being the top
for the general run of supplies.- The canners
were well supplied with contract stock
end were not buying in- the open mar
ket The quotations for Pickle Cucumbers
are withdrawn, as there are very few coming
In. The season for Green Corn Is about over,
and what little, stock Is coming in is very
poor and hard to dispose of. The other veg
etables continue plentiful and are selling at
the long established prices.
POTATOES — Burbanks from the river 50©
75c per ctl: Salinas Burbanka, $1 25@1 4*0 per
' ctl; Oregon Burbanks, 75<@.85c per ctl; River
Reds, 80©90c per ctl; Sweet Potatoes $1 35«i
1 50 per ctl. f
ONIONS— 50«J75c per ctl.
VEGETABLES — Green Corn. 50c@$l per
rack or crate; Green Peas. 2©3c per lb; String"
Beans. I%fi2%c per lb; Wax, 2@2%c: Lima
Beans. 2%<it3%c per lb; Tomatoes, 25@5Oc per
box; Summer Squash, . 35£Z40c per box; Cab
bage, COc per ctl; Carrots. 75c per sack; Cu
cumbers; 35@40c per box; Garlic, 2@.1c
per lb; Green Peppers. 30@40c per box for
Chile and 40050c for Bell; Green Okra '.13«^'
COc per box; Egg Plant, 30fi3Oc per box; Mar
rowfat Squash, $10® 12 per ton. , -
Poultry and Game. \
The. Poultry market was well supplied and
steady for- large old stock, particularly Hens.'
which were quoted higher. • Large young
stock was In free supply and easy, while some
email stock, such as Fryers and Broilers, were
In limited supply and steady. No more Western
came In. but a car was reported close' at hand
and ncheduled for to-day's market. -• •
There were liberal receipts of Game, and
prices were maintained under a good demand
Receipts of Haire were unusually large, . and
prices will be lower If they continue so,
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 20tg22c per lb for
young anfl 14@17c for old; Geese, per pair
$1 50@l 75; Gosllnps, $2; .Ducks. $5@6 per
dozen for, old and $5 50^6 50 fdr young; Hens,
$6®7 for large and $4 50@5 50 for small
young Roosters, $4 COffTS; old Roosters. $4 5oj8
5; Fryers. $4®4 50; Broilers. $3 2503 50 for
large and $2 75@3 for small; Pigeons. $1 25®
1 60 per dozen for old and $1 75®2 25 for
Squabs.
GAME— Rabbits. $1 75 per dozen for Cotton
tail, $1 2B for brush,; Hare, - $1©1 25 per
dozen; Wild Doves, %\ 25 ¦ per dozen: English
Snipe, $3 50 per dozen; Gray Geese, $4 60 per
dozen. . . ' ' ¦' ¦' ; .
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Butter la weak and quiet at the decline al
ready noted, with most houses offering Jibefally
to buyers. Stocks are more than sufficient for
the demand. -
The situation in Cheese remains about th«
same, fine mild new being rather scarce an-1
firm, while the medium <and lower grades' are
plentiful and weak. Eastern, is. higher.
There is no further advance In . ranch Eggs,
but some houses are asking higher quotations
for cold-storage goods. The former are getting
rtow again, as the comparatively high prices
tend to restrict the demand and switch buyers
off • to the cheaper Eastern and cold-storage
stock. '¦ j
Receipts were 18,700 lbs Butter, 615 cases
Eggs and 4700 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER — Creamery. 27®28c for extras and
,26c for seconds; dairy.- 21624c;- store -¦ Butter.
17%ftl9c: cold storage, 24@25c; -Eastern. 22®
24c per lb. . -
CHEESE-^-13®lS%c for choice mild new,
12%c. for the general, run and ll@12c for low
er grades. Young America. 13%@14c; Eastern.
15%@16%c; Western, 14®15c per lb. .
j EGGS— Ranch.' 41c -for large white selected
and 35@40c for fair to choice; store." 25/3'27%c:
cold storage, 26<g28c ; . Eastern, ; 21<g'2Sc ' per
i dozen. /
In Mlddlesboro. - Locally, Iron remains quiet;
No. 1- foundry, Northern, $16@17; No. 2, do,
$15016; No. 1 foundry, Southern, and No. 1
foundry. Southern soft, at $15@15 50. - ,
Nexv York Grain mid Produce.
NEW YORK, Oct. 7.— FLOUR— Receipts,
27,225 barrels; exports, 6620 barrels. .Quiet,
but steadier.' . ¦ • . . .
AVHEAT— Receipts, 46,800 bushelt. Spot,
firm. No. 2 red, 80%c,elevator and 82?»o f. o.
b. afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth. 89%c f. o. b.
anoat; No. 1 hard Manitoba. 91%c f. o. b.
afloat. On light Northwest receipts, rains
through the West and stronger outside mar
kets, wheat displayed considerable forenoon
activity -and advance. After a setback follow
ing bearish snow crop estimate it rallied and
was firm all the afternoon, closing %c n»t
higher. May, 82%eS2?4c. closed 82%c; De
cember. 83 ll-l(!£2$4%c,* closed 84%c.
HOPS— Steady.
HIDES— Steady, t
-WOOL— Steady.. . .' ... ,
. FETROLEUM-^Firm.
COFFEE— Spot Rio, steady; No. 7 Invoice.
6%c; mild, steady; Cordova, 7%c. Futures
closed steady. Sales, 76,750 bags, including:
December. 4.8065c: March, 5.05@5.20c; May.
5.2005.35c;- July.. 5.40S.5.45C; September, 5.65
©5.600
8UGAR — Raw,' steady; refined, quiet. No.
6, 4.35c; "No. 7, 4.30c; No. 8. 4.25c; No. 9.
4.20c; No. 10, 4.15c; No. 11. 4.10c; No. 12.
4.05c; No. 13, 4c; No. 14, 3.95c; confectioners'
A, 4.60c; mold A, 5c; cutloaf, 5.35c; crushed,
5.35c; powdered, 4.85c; granulated, 4.75c;
cubci, 5c* 1 .,
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market Is
quiet. Small Jobbing sales of old apples* are
reported at former prices, but new fruit shows
unattractive quality and rules neglected. Com
mon are quoted at 4@5c, prime at 5%@5%c,
choice at 6{?6%o and fancy at 6%@7%c.
PRUNES — Spot prunes are firm, with coast
advice* Indicating bullish views among hold
ers. Quotations range from 3%@7c for ail
grades. •. ¦
APRICOTS — Firm, with choice quoted at 9U
<f?a%c, extra choice at 9%©10%c and fancy at
10%^12c.
PEACHES— Quiet, at 7%@7%c for choice,
7%©8»ic for extra choice and 9%@10%c for
fancy.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK. Oct. 7. — The cotton . market
closed steady, 11 ©16 points* higher.
• Ch icago prain Market.
CHICAGO. Oct. 7. — Everything considered,
wheat prices were strong, due largely to the
unfavorable weather throughout the entire
wheat belt, although smaller receipts added to
the general apprehension among shorts. Open
ing prices were firm. With December a shade
to %@"»ic higher at 77%c to 77%c, notwith
standing- the rather indifferent tone of cables.
With some improvement In the cash demand
and on covering by shorts the price advanced
early to 77%©77%c, but later sold off again
on prospects of more favorable conditions, the
weather map showing clear skies to-morrow for
the West and Northwest. Selling pressure was
augmented by a private crop estimate of over
70.000,0(»0 bushels for the crop year. Commis
sion houses were food buyers late In the day
and the market rallied to about the opening
• figures, December closing %c higher at 77%fe>
! 77%e.
Corn ruled firm. Influenced mainly by the
heavy rains throughout the corn belt. Decem
ber closed V 4 <ft%c higher at 45%c.
Oats were firm. December closed %c up at
36%c. , ¦
Loss of confidence among outside holders of
provisions was given emphatic expression In
the form of general liquidation of long prop
erty. The selling wag heaviest In October lard
and ribs, which showed losses of 45c and -65c
respectively. Packers apparently made no ef
fort to support the market. The close was
weak, with January pork down 20c, lard off
10c and r!bs 5@7%c lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows: «
i Articles. Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat. No. 2 —
December "K 77% 77% .77%
May 77% 78% 77% 78%
Corn, No. 2 —
October 44%,
December ..... 45% 45»i 44% 45%
May 44% ,44% .44 i 41*4
Oats. No. 2 — *¦' ¦ ¦
October • 35% 36 33% 3<5
I December 30% 3«»J o« 36%
! May 36% 37 36% ; 37
-Mees pork, per bbl — ¦. - ¦ ¦• .•
October 11 <M) 1100 1190 10 93 .
I January 12 25 12 25 12 15 12 15
May 12 40 12 40 12 30 12 30
Lard, per 100 lbs—
October 7 35 7 35 6 97% 7 00
December 6 77% 0 77% 6 67% 6 67%
May 6 80 0 80 0 7l> 0 72%
Short ribs per 100 lbe —
October 9 00 9 00 8 55 8 60
January 6 52% 6 52% 6 47% 6 50
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady; No. 3 spring wheat, 80%(golc; No. 2
red. 77%®78%c: Na 2 corn, 45%c; No. 2 yel
low. 46%c; No. 2 oats. 3rtc; No. 3 white, ."»%@
I 3S%c; No. 2 rye, 53c; fair to choice malting
\ barley, 4S@65c: No. 1 flaxseed, l)0c; No. 1
Northwestern. $1 02%; prime timothy seed,
1 $2 65; mess pork, per bbl. $10 95@11 07%; lard,
per 100 lbs, $7; short ribs sides (loose). $8 now,
8 CO; dry salted shoulders (boxed). $6 50®0 75;
Phort clear sides (boxed). $8 CO#S 75; whisky.
I basis of hlrh wines, $1 25; clover, contract
grade. $10 75gll.
Articles— Receipts. Shloments.
Flour, bbls 30,300 135.000
Wheat, bu 145,900 27.200
Corn. 487,100 893,900
Oats bu 432,000 18-1,700
Rye. bu 5,100 3,000
Barley, bu 298.000 4,40-J
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was weak: creameries, 17%®20c
dairies. 14^l5c. Cheese, steady; ll@ll%c.
Eggs, steady; 18® 10c.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — Oct. Dee.
Opening 6 2% 6 3%
Closing 0 2% 0 3%
PARIS.
Wheat — Oct. Jan.-Apl.
Opening 21 20 21 10
Closing .....2110 20 95
Floui" —
Opening » 29 85 2S 25
Closing 29 45 28 15
Eastern Livestock Market..
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Oct. 7.— CATTLE— Receipts.
27.000. including 500 Texans and 5000 Western;
pood to prime steers, $5 !!.'«((!; poor to medium,
$3 50$4 SO; ftockers and feeders, $2 Lift 4:
cows, $1 40@4 25; heifers, $2@5; canners, $1 40
@2 50; bulls. $2@4 29; calves, $3 50®7: Texas
fed Fteers, ?2 75@.1 60; Western steers, $3@4 50.
HOGS — Receipts to-day, 23,000; to-morrow,
20,000; 15c to 25c lower; mixed and butchers 1 ,
$5 45@-6 15; good to choice heavy, $5 30^5 83;
rough heavy, $5«5 30; light, $5 50@« 15; bulk
Of sale-*, $5 40&5 80.
- SHEEP— Receipts. 30,000; sheep, steady:
lambs, steady to strong; good to choice weth
ers, lf3 35<&4; fair to choice mixed, $2 25@3 25:
Western sheep, $2 25<7?4 25; native lambs, $3 50
@5 65; - Western lambs, - $4 4O@5 50.
5"/. Louis Wool Market.
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 7. — Wool, nominal;' medium
grades, combing and clothing, 170 21 c; light,
fine. 15@17%c; heavy, fine. 12(#14%c; tub
washed. 20©30c. : ".: '
•.'':o' Northern Business.
SEATTLE. Oct. 7. — Clearings, $916,247; bal
ances, $104,743.
TACOMA, Oct. 7. — Clearings. $325,676; bal
ances. $41,979.
PORTLAND. Oct. 7.— Clearing*, $503,672;
balances, $81,802.
SPOKANE. Oct. 7.— Clearings, $521,910; bal
ances, $78,110.
.. Northern Wheat Market.
NEW FRUIT— Apricots, 7@9%c for Royals
and 9@llc for Moorpark*; Evaporated Apples,
4%66c; sun-dried, 8%<g4c; Peaches, 3<§7c;
Pears, 6010c: Nectarines, 4®5%c; Figs, white,
4@4%e m boxes; Plums, pitted, 5®8c per lb.
PRUNES— 100S crop, 2%@3%c for the four
sizes.
RAISINS — Following are opening prices free
on board to common shipping points: Imperial
clusters. $3 per 20-lb box; Dehesa clusters,
$2 60; fancy clusters, $2; 3-crown London Lay
ers, $1 55; 2-crown London Layers, $1 45; 4
crown standard loose Muscatels, 6%@7c per
lb; 3-crown standard loose Muscatels, 6%@
6%c; 2-crown standard Muscatels. ttf@6V«c;
Seedless Muscatels. 5c; Seedless Muscatels,
floated, DV4c; Seedless standard Sultanas. 5c;
Thompson Seedlesa standard, 6c. The follow
ing quotations on seeded are for a limited
quantity only: Fancy, 16 ounces per lb, 7%c;
fancy, 12 ounces per package, 6%c; choice, Itt
ounces per lb, 7%c; choice, 12 ounces per pack
age, OVic; fancy, bulk, per lb, 7%c; choice,
bulk. t>er lb, 7%c. ¦
NUTS — Walnuts.. No. 1 softshell. 12%c; No.
2. 10%c; No. 1 hardshell. 12c: No. 2. 10c;
Almonds, lie for Nonpareils, 10%c for I X L,
10%c for Ne Plus Ultras and S%c for Lanirue
doc; Peanuts, t!&7c for Eastern; Pecans, 11©
13c; Cocoanuts,, $4 50® 5.
HONEY— Comb, new, 12%@13%c for white
and iijillc for amtfer; new water white ex
tracted, 5%@U%c; light amber extracted, 5c;
dark, a%«z4%c.
BEES WAX— 27®29c.
Dried Fruits,Nuts, Raisins, Honey
Misn. K & T pfd.. 600 36 35 35H
Nat R R of M pfd 37
N Y Central "6.100 117% 116»i 116%
Norfolk & W....:. '4,100 " 6SH ' 56't6 67U
Norfolk & W pfd 88
Ontario & West... 1,100 21 H 20% 2OT4
Pennsylvania 47.500 118% 117% 118U
Pitt*. C_ C & St L. .:... " 60
Rpadins 28.SO0 47H 46% 46T4
Reading l*t pfd... 100 76 76 75%
Reading 2d pfd ;".'¦ .... «jj
Rock Island ...... 5,600 25U 24\4 24 T4
Rock Island pfd... - 800 58% 58^ 68U
Pt L & S F 60
Pt L & S F 1st pfd CO
St L & S F 2d pfd. 100 46U 46»4 >46
St L South 300 14' 1»« 13%
.St L South pfd 200 31 30% 31 '
St Paul 21.400 137% 135*4 137
Bt Paul pfd ¦ .. 170
Southern Paciflc... 8.800 42V4 40*i 41%
Southern Ry 3,000 18% 18% 18%
Southern Ry pfd... 5O0 7<?% 7GM. 70T4
Texas & Paclttc 500 20ii 20'i 23
T. St L A W 100 17«4 1-4 17>4
T. St L & W pfd.. ..... .... 24
Union Paciflc 38.1KK) 71 Vi 70% 71
t'nion Paciflc pfd.. 200 84 ii SIMi 84%
Wah « f h 100 19% 19% 18%
\\abaFhpfd 1.800 31 14 30% 30%
Wheeling & L E... 100 15 15 14U
Wisconsin Central. 300 16^ 16 16
Wl* Cent nfd ...... 100 36V4 3«^i 3314
Express Companies —
Adams , 100 224 224 221
American 375
United States .... ]0O
WeIIs-Fa«KO :..' 201
Miscellaneous —
Amal Copper 87,800 41U 37% SR*t
Atr.er Car &: F 2,fKX> 26'% 25^ 25%
Amer Car * F pfd. 300 76 75 "6
Amtr L Oil , 9%
Am»>r I Oil pfd 100 SO 30 30
Am«-r Loco ." 200 151J 15 1414
Amer Loco pfd.... 61)0 ROW POU 80
Amer S & Rcf 4.2fN> 42% 41 Vi 42}i
Am»r S & Ref pfd. «i00 S3 87 «* 87^i
Amer Sugar Ref... 1,000 1114 110 111
Anaconda Min Co. 200 . «»% 691; CS>
Brfxiklvn R Trans. 9.800 33% 3.^% Xi%
Colo Fuel & Iron. 200 41 41- 41
Ccl & Hock CcaJ.. 100 11 .. 11 10
Cons Gas 171%
Gen Electric 1,000 147 143% -1
Inter Paper : 11
Inter Paper pfd.... 100 62% 62% f.24
Inter Pump 35
Inter Pumr> pfd 75
Na'. Biscuit 86%
Nat L#ad 13Vi
North Amer 200 71 ' 71 71
Paciflc Mall 20O 19 • 19 18%
People's Gad 1.10O 92^i !»!% IM %
Pressed S Car 000 34 33 3.1
Pressed S Car pfd 86
Tullman Pal Car 210
Republic Steol 400 !? n 9%
Rtpublic Steel pfd. JO0 ¦ 61% 61% 61 Vi
Rubber Good? 200 14% 14% 14%
Rubber Goods pfd. ..¦ «7H
Ttnn Cc*l & Iron,. 3O0 ai% 31 % 32
D 8 Leather.. :^i i^ ;i «00r--- 7% «% 6%
V S Leather pfd... 700 77% 76% 7<i%
U S Rubber ; .' 10
IT S Rubber pfd... ..... -, 36
D S SteM 50.S00 17% 16% 16%
V S Steel pfd 52.200 65% 64% 65
Western Union ... 1.900 t>3»4 81% fc3%
T^jtal eales 52S.700
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK, Oct. 7.— United Railroads of
Fan Francisco bond transactions weie $5000 at
$77 12>i. 110.000 at $77, $2000 at $76 C2%.
NEW YORK BONDS.
D S ref 2s reg. . .106% ¦ L, & N unified 4s. 85%
T"i coup 1O<5% ; Manhattan c g 4s 99%
do 3s reg 107% Hex Cent 4a 70
do coup 108%! do 1st inc .... 14
do new 4s reg.lHS , Minn & St L 4s.. 90%
do coup 135 M K & T 4b.... 07%
do old 4s reg... 110%! do 2nds 77
do coup 110% ;n t Y Cent g 3%s. fl7
do 5s reg 102%, N R R of M c 4s 73%
do ccup 102%, N* J Cent gen 5s. 128%
Atch gen 4s JW% Nor Pac 4s 100%
do adjt 4s 1K)% do 3s 70Vi
Atlantic C L 4s.. 90% Nor & W con 4s. 94%
Balto & Ohio 4«.. M% 0 S L4s & partlc. 89%
do 3»l,s a.1% Penn conv3%s... 95%
Tent of Ga 5s 104%' Reading gen 4s.. 95
do lft inc C* Bt. L & I M c 5s. 109%
Ches & Ohio 4%s.l01V. Pt L & S F fd 4s 80%
Hif & Altcn 3%s. 72% S. L S W lsts 9t%
P B & Q new 4s. «3 Seaboard A L 4s. 09%
C M & S P g 4s.. 104% Southern Pac 4s. 85%
I'M & N W c 7s.. 131% Southern Ry 5s.. 112%
C R I & P 4s 72 Tex & Pac lsts.. 114%
do col f.s 74 T St L & W 4s.. 68%
C C C & S L g 4s. »6 Union Pac 4s 100%
Chi Term 4s .... 73 do conv 4s.... 94
Con Tobacco 4s.. 5.1% P S Stetl 2d 5s.. 72%
Colo & So 4s S4 j Waba*h lets 114
D & H G 4s !»S%i do Deb B 54
j Erie prior lien 4s. 96%; Wheel & L E 4s.. 86
Erie Gen 4s 83 : Win Cent 4s 89
Ft W & D C lnts.103% C F & I con *.. 70%
Hocking Val 4%s.l04%' -
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 10s Little Chief 06
Alice 15 ! Ontario 4 5rt
Breeee lODphlr ; 152
Brunswick Con ... 04! Phoenix 07
Ccrostock Tunnel.. 00' i! Potosi ..;....• 23
Oin C & Va..'....l 25' Ravage 20
i Horn Silver I 00 Sierra Nevada .... 56 '
i Iron Silver 14r»;SmaIl Hopes ..... 20 1
Lcadvllle Con 02 Standard 1 75
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — Westlnghse Com.. 70
Tall loans "01 Mining — •
Ilni» loans 5?/0 Adventure 3%
Ui-.nd* — Alloctz 4%
Atch!son 4s 07% Amalgamated ... 31)
Mexican Cent 4je.. 72 Daly West 3a %
Railroads — Bir.gham 21%
Atchison Ol'.i Calumet & Hecla.445
Atrhisr-n pfd tft% Centennial 15%
lUjston & Albany. 240 Copper Range 48%
Boston & Maine. .1<;<5 Dominion Coal... 71
Bostcn Elevated.. 13<J% Franklin 7%
N Y. N II & H..1H4 Ifle Royale 6
Kltchburg pfd 1.15% Mohawk 37 %
tJnicn Pacific 70% Old Dominion.... 5%
Mexican Central.. 10% Oeceola 51
Miscellaneous — Parrot 18
American Sugar.. 110% Quincy 85
Am Susar pfd 117 flanta Fe Copper.. !',».
Am Tel & Tel... 119% Tamarack 85
pom Iron & Su-el. »!i TVlnlty ...... 5'.j
Gtneral Electric. 143" j United States.... 17%
Maes Electric li»',i Utah 24%
I Mass Elec pfd 77% Victoria 3
i; S Steel 16% Wlnona (i%
U S Steel pfd 05 1 Wolverine 63
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Cons for money... SS% N Y Central 121 V^
Cons for account. 80 1 Norfolk &. Westn. &»%
Anaconda 3% Nor & West pfd.. a0
Atchlsor SSHjOnUrlo & Westn. 21%
Atchlson pfd..... 91%! Pennsylvania .... 61
Baltlmcre * Ohio. 76% Rand Mines 9%
Canadian Paciflc. 124 Reading 24%
Chts & Ohio 31 'A Reading 1st pfd.. AS
Chgo G Western. 1« Reading 2d pfd.. 32
Chgo. M & St P.141 Southern Ry 19%
De Beers 13% So Ry pfd 80
Denver .fe Rio Or. 21>.l Southern Pacific 42*i
D & R G pfd 72 Ualon Pacific... 73
Erie ......: 28% Union Pac pfd... 8$
Erl- 1st pfd C8% U S Steel 18%
yzrls 2d pfd 10 U S Steel pfd 60%
Illinois Ontral...l'H% Wabash 20
LouIeyI & Xash..i01>; Wabaijh pfd 32%
Mo. Kan« & Tex. 18%
Bar silver, firm, 27 9-16d per ounce. Money,
1%®2 per cent. The rate of discount in the
open market for short bills is 3% fcer cent, and
for three months'* bills 3% per cent.
New -York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, Oct. 7.— There was a decline of
Cs In the London tin market, spot there closing
at £114 and futures at £114 10s. Locally, tin
was quiet, with spot at $26^26 35.
Copper was unchanged in London, with spot
closing at £54 17s (id, while futures' ad vancea
Is 3d to £55. Locally, copper was quiet and
more or less nominal. Lake and electrolytic,
$13@13 25, and casting. |12 87%.
Lead was culet and unchanged at - $4 50 In
New York, but London reported an advance of
.-.« to £11 6s 3d.
Speitenwas unchanged at $6 In New York,
as It was also In London, where It closed at
£20 10s. , .."¦•-.»
Iron closed at 50s Sd in Glasgow and at 41s
The Presidio and Ferries Railroad Company
has declared a regular monthly dividend of 20
cent's 'per share, payable October -15. •
The directors of the Central Trust Company
have elected O. A.' Hale vice president in place
of Prince Ponlatowskl. W. A. Frederick! and
C. C. Moore were elected directors to fill the
vacancies In the board caused by the retire
ment of Prince Ponlatowskl and Clarence H.
Mackay.
Business continued very ' dull on the ex
changes, with Home Oil still lower at 95c and
sales of Hana Sugar at 15©20c.
The Mercantile -Trust Company has sent out
a handsome announcement of the removal of
the company to Its new banking . building. 4*84
California street, on October 15, where "they
will receive with- much pleasure the patrons
of the company and any who may be Interested
in' the new and additional trust and banking
facilities." The officers of the company are:
Frederick W. Zeile, president; N. D. Ride
out, vice president; Henry T. Scott, vice presi
dent; John ¦ D. MeKee, cashier 1 . The directors
are: -William Babcoek, Wakeneld Baker. War
ren .D. Clark. George Crocker. W. F. Detert,
F. O. Drum. M. H. Hecht. E." W. Hopkins, W.
G. Irwin, D. O. Mills.' James D. Fhelan, N. r>.
Rldeout, Henry T. Scott. Claus Spreckels.
Frederick W. Zelle. Tha new . safe deposit
vaults will be opened to the public November 1.
The Sonora Quartz Mine Development Com
pany of Sonora, Mexico, has levied an assess
ment of % a cent per share, delinquent No
vember 4. . .
Union Sugar ... 22 50 .....
Oaa 4 Electric 34 BO
SALES.
Mornlnr Session.
Beard —
100 Alma 1 40
2000 Independence, b 30 IS
SCO Home Oil Co 9JV
' ICO Sovereign 4O
Afternoon Session.
Board — -
200 Reed Crude , . . . 40
70 Sovereign j.^, 3ft
50 Truckee Electric •¦¦ 13 23
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
The following were the salts on the San
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester
day:
Morning Session.
200 Andes 20 10O Silver Hill. ... 5«
100 Caledonia ... 91 10O Silver Hill. ..„• 55
100 Con Cal & V.I 33 20O Union Con...- Ctt
100 Sierra Nev. . 67
Afternoon Session.
100 Andes 20 2T.0 Keyes Graessl S!>
100 Belcher 19 200 Keyes Graeasl M
300 Con Imperial. 03 500 Mexican .1 10
100 Gould & Cur. 24 700 Union Con «T»
200 Hale & Nor. . 58 7Gt> Yellow Jacket 47
' PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
The following were the sales on* the "Paciflc
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session. —"
600 Andes 22 1 300 Savage V 27
100 C C & V...1 37>o 2t io Sierra- Nevada, 54
-400 Gould & Cur. 2TJ 70i> Silver Hill. 1 ... U
20O Mexican ...1 07H 3Ct> T.'nlon'Cbn: ,.'. «7
300 Savage 2«! 300 Yellow Jacket 46
Afternoon . Session. "
300 Andes 2Oj loo Mexican ...1 07*i
200 Belcher 20 2C0 Seg. Belcher. . M
100 C C & V. ..I 37Vil 200 UntQn Coo,., tt*
300 Con N T. 18 2CO Utah "... *»1
300 Gould & Cur. 231 2C0 Yellow- Jacket 47
TONOPAH MININO EXCHANGE.
The following were the sales on the San
Francisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yes
terday:
Morning Session.
3400 Esperanxa ... 02 1 2C0 Rescue- 10
200 Mon Ton 1 00 600 Ton Beimont.l 20
200 Pine Grove... 80|
Afternoon Session.
500 Cop Glance... 4.1; 2OO R«ncu» 09
1000 Esperanza ... C2 10O Ton Midway.. 45
200 Hannapah ... 14 25 Ton- of Nev Ti 75
100 Mlzpah Ex... 33! 1 00 Ton N Star . a.">
200 Mon Ton.....l 00: 600 Ton N Star . 34
400 Pine Grove... 80 l
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY. Oct. 7 — 4 p. m.
Bld.Ask.f- Bld.Ask.
Alpha 0« 07! Julia 05 OS
Alta 04 05! Justice t'5 0«
Andes 1!) ' 20 Kentuck 02 tf;
Beicher ::... IS 2o!Keyes Graess. 00 <d'Z
Rest * Belch. 1 45 1 55 Mexican 1 05 1 1O
Bullion : CW 09 Occidental ... 24 26
Caledonia ... 92 SojOphir 1 55 t «i>
Challenge Con 3O 32 Overman .... 22 2:s
Chollar 25 2»J Potosi 2S £6
Confidence ... 74 • SO! Savage 27 2S
Con Cal & V.I 35 1 40 1 Scorpion .... 02 04
Con Imperial. 03 04! Pe- Eeleher. . 07 CS
Con N York. 16 HiSierra Nev... JW 57
Crown Point. 19 21 j Silver Hill... 55 57
Eureka Con.. 40 50St Louis 11 —
Exchequer .. 13 It Syndicate 04 r.C.
Gould * C. 2.T 2."^'nion Con... «» 70
Hale & Norc. 57 ,"..s Iwh 21 22
Lady Wash... 03 04 Yellow Jacket 47 49
TONOPAH MINES.
Bld.Aak.! . Bld.Ask.
Colehan — 21! Paymaster ... — »q
Eaperanza ... 01 02; Pine Orove. .. 79
Gold Mountn. — CT.illescue i 08 . *»
Hannapah .. — 14 j T Belmnt.1 l~ii 1 22
Lucky Tom... — 10 T 4: Cal — 2."".
MacNamara . 15 17 T N Star.... 33 25
Mlzpah 20 32 T Midway 40 42
Montana ... 09 1 02^
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb. in 100-lb bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.85c;
Powdered. 5.70c; Candy Granulated. 5.70c; Dry
Granulated, fine, 5.60c: Dry Granulated, coarse.
5.60c:. Fruit Granulated. 5.60c; Beet Granulated
<100-lb bags only), 5.45c: Confectioners' A.
5. We; Magnolia A. 5.20c; Extra C. 5.10c; Gold
en C. 5c; "D." 4.90c; barrels, lue more; half
barrels. 25c more: boxes, 50c more: 5O-lb bags.
10c mere for all kinds. Tablets — Half barrels.
6.10c: boxes, 6.35c per lb. No order* taken for
less than seventy-five barrels or its equivalent.
. Receipts of Produce.
- ._.- FOR. OCTOBER *7. , i . •.:'*'
Flour. qr : sks... v 82,108 Flaxsced sks.:. 4.14'
Wheat, ctls.... 3.250|Wool.' bales.- ... J«9
Barley., ctls.:.. • 4,B05;corn Meal ctls. SOO
Oats, ctls 325 1 Screenings- ska. 100
Rye. ctls.'.'..... 5|Tallow ctls-.... 204
Beans, sks 4,078 'Pelts, No. 140
Potatoes, . ska... 5,440, Hides. No. ' 242
Onions, sks..:.. 870 Quicksilver flks 309
Bran. sks.. ...... _2.5C0 Wine, .gallons.. 86,230
Middlings, sks.. ; -1,035, Leather,* rolls..-. «5
Hay. tons ... . 299 • Raisins., bxs. . .. 4.3CO
Straw, tons..,.. 10, Chicory, bbls... .50
Hops, bales...'.. 770JLlme bbls 643
' \ . OREGON. . i
Wheat, ctls..... 23,700/Oats. ctls 950
. f« WASHINGTON.
Wheat, ctls..... 12,000/
[Unusually small shipment of Specie to Hongkong.
Kcw York Stocks irregular, but not materially changed. '
Local Stocks and Bonds continue inactive.
Silver and Exchange rates' about as before.
Wheat and Barley futures and cash Barley higher.
Octs steady, Corn ivcak and Rye quiet.
'Hay advances again. F ced stuff s firm .
Beans continue weak, "with free arrivals.
Butter weak and freely offered. Cheese still in good supply,
fine Eggs in light supply, but no higher.
Xo further change in Provisions.
Cattle, Sheep and Hogs as previously 'qupttf.
Coal market well supplied at unchanged quotations.
Potatoes continue ivcak. Onions firm. Vegetables plentiful.
Poultry and Game in good supply and steady.
Wine Grapes coming in liberally and in soft condition.-
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS:
QUINCES— 35050c per box. .• "t
FIGS— Black, 50&75c for double layers. 300
35c for drawers and $1 for large boxes from the
river: White, 35650c Der box.
PRUNES— 50&75C per box or crate.
PEACHES — Freestones, 40$60c . for . small
boxes phd f!Oc for oDen boxes. •
POMEGRANATES — 5<*&75c for small boxes
and $1 25<tf2 for. large.
GRAPES— Isabella, 5O@65c per crate; Corni
chon, 50®60c per crate; other varieties, 25®
40c for Fiuall boxes, 35®C0e for crates and $&&
85c for large open boxes; Wine Grapes. flStr
22 per ton for Zlnfandel, $15@1S for Mission
and *12@15 for White. -.
MEIX3N8 — Cantaloupes. 75c®J$l 25 per crate;
Nutmeg- Melons. 30tg75c per box; Watermelon*.
10©20c each.
' CITRUS FRUITS — Oranges, $2 5003 for
fanoy Valenclas, $2©2 00 for choice and $1®
$1 SO for standard: Lemons. flSf:5 per box;
Grape Fruit, $1 &0®2 BO; Mexican Limes.. f 4 50
@5; Bananas, $1 25$2 per bunch; Pineapples,
?^'@3 per doaen.
PEARS — Bartletts, .$l@l 60; winter varie
ties, r><i<S~r>c per box for common and $1@1 23
for Winter Nelll*. -
Local trade In fresh fruits was fair and sup
plies | of all descriptions were well up to re
quirements.- The maket was overloaded with
Wine Grapes, chiefly Zlnfandel large quanti
ties of which came to hand soft and leaking:.
The demand was slack and prices had a gen
eral decline. Th«re were about 15 cars unsold
at the close of business. Table Grapes in
small boxes and crates, were dull, but offer
ings in large open boxes were In good request
and a little firmer under light receipts. Stocks
of Peaches 'were light and good stock cleaned
up readily at steady prices. . Cantaloupes and
Nutmeg Melons wera In free supply and met
with very Blow sale, most of the stock being
green -and otherwise poor. The quotations for
Apples were unchanged. Fine-* SpltsenbeYgs.
and Oravenstelrrt * sold Tin to SI 25- per box.
while the highest price. QbtalnexT for Bellflowers
was41. Common/ and wormy Apples were
abundant and dull: ' The' other tree fruits stood
about as previously quoted. 'Citrus and tropical
fruits were .without quotable _cnange and . Ber
ries arrived freely and cleaned v up "at previous
prices. ' ' :' • . ' ;.**¦'
STRAWBERRIES— $5@7 per chest for Long
worths and $1 HOtii for the- largo varieties. , -
RASPBERRIES— $3 50#5 per chest. . ¦• -
HUCKLEBERRIES— 6®8c per lb.
CRANBERRIES— Cape Col, .. »S 50@0 per
bbl; Coos Bay, $2 S0®3 per box. . • - ¦. . '¦ ...
APPLES— $1®1 25 T>er box for' fancy. COtfr
S5c for rood to choice and 25ft 10c for com
mon. ! • ¦ "
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
- - The duties of running' the municipal
government already overtax the officials
elected for that purpose. They have no
time to learn the railroad business nor
the people, the patience to permit them.
To avoid the consequences vote against
the Geary-street bonds to-day.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. C^c©
7c per lb; White Lead. 6\bQ~c, according to
quantity.
Whale OH. natural white. 5Og55« per gallon:
Flrh Oil. In barrels. 45c; cases, 60c; Cocoanut
Oil. in barrels, 68c for Ceylon and Me for Aus
tralian. •
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil In bulk.
14«,4c :Pearl Oil In cases. 21c: Astral, 21c;
Star. 21c: Extra Stir, 23c: Elaine. 27c; Eocene.
24c; deodorized Stove Gasoline, in bulk, 17c;
In cases. 23V*c; Benzine. In bulk. 13c; In cases.
19%c; 88-degree Gasoline. In bulk. 21c; in
cases, 27«-ic.
TURPENTINE— 80c per ration In' cases and
74c In drum* and Iron barrels.
THE SAN FRAKCJSCO CALL,. THURSDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1903.
STOCK MARKET.
LOCAL MARKETS.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
11
COOK BOOK OFFER TO
CLOSE OCTOBER 30.
The Call's Cook Book prem-
ium offer will close on October
30, 1903, and all readers of this
paper who desire a copy of this
household treasure should not
fail to place their order im-
mediately.
This splendid premium will*
be offered to Call subscribers at
the exceptionally low rate of
•fifty cents per copy. .Out of
town orders twenty cents ad-
ditional to cover prepayment of
transportation charges.
AUCTION SALES
fv_ AUCTION jr\_
/ "^ CLOSING-OUT SALES n^^
R. H. NASON of Dixon. Solaco County, re-
tiring on account of his extreme age. 84 year*,
consigns 40 head draft stock. -I to 7 years old.
weighing from 1400 to 1SC0 pounds. This la
the finest lot of heavy horses ever offered In
the San Francisco market. There are matched*
¦pans of blacks, dapple .grays, blacks, and
browns. Average weight. 160O pounds. Gen-
tle, young and sound and ready to. work. Also
4 driving horses two having records of 2:17
and 2!17}i respectively.
ALTA STABLES. San Rafael. R..F. Koch,
owner, consigns- 15 head of driving horses,
rigs, harnesses, etc
All to be sold without reserve at
1732 MARKET ST SAN FRANCISCO,
MONDAY EVENING. OCT. 12. 1903.
At 7:45 p. m.. by electric light.
The attention of draymen and liverymen Is
called to this sale.
Horses will- be at .yard October 10. .
"v—r" FRED H. CHASE A CO..
»..*>: ¦ Live Stock Auctioneers.THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, THUKSDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1903
12
J EMPLO YMECT OFFICES.
GEORGE AOKI, 421 Post St.; tel. Bush 135 —
Japanese-Chinese employment office; fur-
niches best help; contracts for farm help, etc
IF you want Japanese help, advertiee In Th*
New World. Japanese dally paper, 353 Geary.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese-
Chinese help. 42fl Powell. Tel. Main 6762.
A- — GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office. 416
Stockton: tel. Grant 168; expert, reliable help.
CHINESE Employment Of flee— Best help at
Leon Seung's. 4UK O'Farrell; tel. East 429.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. frtO Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WAXTED — FEMALE.
A COOK, young, strong, wants cooking only
at $30 a month; has 3 years' references last
place; can do German cooking: call or tele-
phone. MISS PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter St..
near PowelL
AMERICAN woman wants work by the day;
Is willing; guarantee satisfaction; carpet
cleaning a specialty; fine laundress; $1 25
day. 174 Fourth st.; one flight, room 10.
A GIRL wishes position as' general housework
in respectable family. Please call 34^ Dia-
mond St.. Castro or 18th st cars; no postals.
WANTED — By a neat willing deaf mute girl,
situation to do light housework In small
family. Box 3520. Call office.
2 GIRLS wish positions in a nice family. 1016
Da Haro St.. back of the City and County-
Hospital. -
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker and talloress wishes
few more families;- references- $150 per
day. Address Dressmaker. 1628 Clay et
SITUATION wanted by Canadian woman in
small family; good cook. 1238 Mission st.
WOMAN wishes situation to do general house-
work; is a good cook. 358 Minna st.
A GERMAN woman wishes to clean lace cur-
tains at reasonable prices. Box 1073. Call.
LADY wishes a position as cook in private
family. Call at 2248 Bush st.
AN experienced writer desires to contribute
articles or take entire charge of children's
section of magazine or periodical. Address
box 83. Call office. 1118 Broadway, Oakland.
COMPETENT stenographer; any line; operates
Remington, Yost, gmith; wishes permanent
position; will substitute; salary, $55 per
month. Address box 4015. Call office. r
NURSERY governess desires position; one or
two children: hotel preferred; city refer-
ences. Box 1671, Call. % '.
ATC experienced saleslady wishes position. Box
1668. Call office.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar, 633 McAllister st.
EMPLOYMENT WAXTED MALE.
A FIRST-CLASS coachman wishes position
with city private family; a careful driver;
strictly sober and obliging; good references.
Box 4iHS. Call.
SITUATION wanted by a ' first-class union
screw, machine or monitor hand. Box 4072,
Call office.
SITUATION wanted by a young Eastern man.
aged 24; factory work preferred. Box 3521,
Call office.
YOUNG man, 17 years of age, wlehes a posi-
tion in the grocery business: 4 months' ex-
perience; references. Box 4075, Call.
ASSAYER wants position at mines or works;
understands cyanide process; experienced;
Al references. Address Box 4074. Call.
BARTENDER wants position; best of refer-
encee. Box 4047. Call.
MARRIED man. 35 years of age, wishes posi-
tion with wholesale grocery or commission
firm; nine years' experience In grocery busi-
ness; good references. Box 3507. Call.
BARTENDER: German; 29; good references;
7 years with one house; close mixer; New
York experience; honest and reliable. Box
4040. Call office.
CARPENTER; good; active; also handy with
painters' and paper hangers' tools; wants
work; terms reasonable; references. Box
3513. Call office. ¦
YOUNG man. well educated and reliable, with
business experience, wants position in gen-
eral merchandise store in country; best ref-
erences. Box 3515, Call office.
WANTED by an American. 35 years of age,
who has had 15 years of business experience,
position; would prefer outside work as sales-
man, solicitor or collector. Box 1213. Call.
SITUATION wanted as mechanical engineer or
construction or designing engineer for general
mill work by technical graduate; best of ref-
erences. Box 4017, Call. ..-' ; •
BY single young man, work of any kind; ex-
perienced in grocery and saloon business. Box
4044. Call office.
A MAN about place, gardening, attend to
horses, handy with tools; no cows; good ref-
erences. Box 1696. Call.
WANTED — Situation as barkeeper or helper in
ealoon: best of references; little experience.
B43 Broadway. - ¦ - .
BY a young man as carpenter's helper; can
do most any kind of carpentering. Address
box 1218. Call office.
TAILOR wants position an tailor In this city.
F. M.. bcx 1667. Call office. ¦
JAPANESE wants situation In country; un-
derstands milking cows, driving horses,
farming, gardening, etc. S. KATOH, 20
Lewis place. Han Francisco.
JAPANESE couple want situations In a prl^
vate family: man as first-class cook, wife to
wait en table; $50 upi^another Japanese girl.
M. SHI. 122'.£ Tur* st. .
JAPANESE, member of Japanese Y. M. C. A.,
wants situation as school boy in small fam-
ily^
YOUNG Chinese wants position as flr»t cook;
private family or boarding-house. ON WEH
ON. 609 Clay st. .
AN honest Japanese wants a situation as
schoolboy in small family. Address TOY
NAKA. 807 Polk st. ¦
JAPANESE; good elevator boy, who has had
many yearn' experience, wants position. F.
G., 512 Turk st.
JAPANESE man and wife want situations as
cook and houseworker; best references. T.
NIINOMI, 18 St. Mary St., city.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st. , ¦
J FINANCIAL.
IpIeR CENT TO 6 PER CENT HIGH GRADE
Municipal, School, Railroad and Corporation
Bonds.
Bank and Trust Company Stocks.
Selected for conservative Investors.
Write for information to
HEAZELTON & CO..
Stock and Bond Brokers. '
Hayward building,
Ean Francisco, Cal.
FLATS TO LET.
A— HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense list;
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department; it will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., 245-258 Geary
St., on the square.
NEW. modern flat; all the latest Imp.; close
In to town; one block from Van Ness ave.
1127 O'Farrell sf.. near Franklin.
6ACRAMENTO. 13fi5— Bay window flat, . 3
rooms; rent $12 75. ¦;;- i
SUNNY flat of 6 rooms and bath. 460 Bryant
St.. near Third.
FLAT of C rooms and bath. 119 Leavenworth
street.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
lf> pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year
FURNITURE WANTED.
A. WOLLPERT. "73 Mission, phone Red 4462,
buys, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpets.
Cal. Auction House pays highest prices for fur-
niture, flats, etc. 110.1 Mission; tel. Mint 2181.
HIGHEST price for furniture and mdse. L. H.
BURP, auctloneer.1818 Mkt.;tel.Howard 27f>«.
HELP WANTED FEMALE.
A NURSE. $25; 3 cooks. $35 each; waitress,
Boulder Creek, $30; second girl, $30; house-
girl, $35; 10 cooks, $30 each; 6 second girls,
$25; 50 houseglrls, $25 and $30. MRS NOR-
TON. 313 Sutter.
AT San Francisco Employment Bureau, 17
Fourth st. — Girl for light housework, city,
$25 and found; middle-aged lady as waitress,
boarding-house, city. Call at 17 Fourth st.
to-day.
A — WANTED — Girts to learn halrdresslng.
manicuring, etc; trade taught from A to Z
In 2 weeks; $3 to thoee entering now; 3 po-
sitions to fill immediately; positions guaran-
teed at $10 (per week up; leading school In
West 233 Geary st.. room 13.
A— LADIES, learn all branches halrdresslng
trade; manicuring, massage, etc.. 1236 Mar-
ket st., cor. Jones, room 94; positions secured
. at highest wages; day and eve, class; call v
A — Girls to learn millinery now for fall season;
both seasons taught from start to finish' In 1
month for $10; positions as trimmers, • sales-
ladies, etc., guaranteed at $10. per week 'up;
day and evening class. 113 Stockton st., r. 13.
SAX FRAXCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of tbe San Francisco
Call, corner Market and Third streets; open
cctU 12 o'clock every night In the year.-
BRANCH OFFICES— B27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 8:30 o. m.
300 Hayes street; cpen until 0:30 p. m.
KZ» McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
€15 Larkln street; open until 9:30 p. m,
'1941 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
22C1 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
cntll 0 o. m.
106 Eleventh itreet; open until 8 p. m.
1098 Valencia street ; open until 9 p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets;
open until 9 o. m.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and
Kentucky etreets: op«n until 9 p. rn.
?20O Flllmore rtreet: open until 9 p. rn.
MEETIXG XOTICES.
A SPECIAL meeting of Ean Fran- g_a
rlsco Consistory No. 1 will be l^H r '
hrld on THURSDAY EVEN- ffU_W *%-ff\
ING. o~t_ H. Bt 7:30 o'ciork In _B_2_?i_€J
I'nmmanderj- H<»!!, llas.T.!.- iT_2S_?Tfc
Temp!e, to arrange- to take part LJ J_j^
in the dedication of "The 9§_n.
Kimlnoff Temt>le" at Decoto,
Cal. All members are requested to attend.
HEXRY BURNER. Registrar.
CAMFOP.NIA Lodge No. I. F. and A- flS
M.. will meet THIS (THl'KSDAY)VV
EVENING, Oct. 8. at T::tO o'clock. /V\
Third degree. By order of the Master.
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
LA PARFAITE Union Lodge No. 17. F. » ;
and A. M.— Called meeting FRIDAY Xjf
KVENING. Oct. ». l&CH. at 8 o'clock. /V\
First degree. Hy order cf the W. M.
P. ST. JULLJEN. See.
FIDELITY Lodge No. 120. F. and A. »
M.— Special meeting THIS fTHURS-'VSf
DAYJ EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. /V\
Third degree. Muster Masons cor-
dially Invited. By order of the W. M.
FREDERICK BARRY. Secretary.
DORIC Lodge No. 21f. F. and A. M. — _
Srtc'aJ meeting THIS (THURSDAY) VSf
EV_NTNG at 7:S0 o'clock. Third de- /^r\
gree. Mester Masons cordially invited.
By order of the Master.
J. It GOLDSMITH, Secretary.
BTAUR KING Lodge No. 344, F. and A. O
M.. 317 Devlsadero st. Third degree
THIS EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. Mas- /V\
ter Jiaeons cordially invited. By order
of the W. M.
A. A. ANDERSON, Secretary.
TO the officers ar.d members of the &T&9
Riggers' axd Stevedores' Union As- f^rw
eoclatlon. local 222. of the I. L. M. <»c T.
Association : You ere hereby notified to at- j
Tfnd a. epecial meeting to be held at our
NUI 603 FYont St.. TO-NIGHT (TOURS- ;
DAY). October S. at 8 o'clock sharp, to
adopt a new constitution and by-laws. By |
onier of THOMAS F. BRYANT. President.
HENRY JEND. Recording Secretary.
THE Stn Francisco Scottish Thistle v *Z2 5^.
Club meets THIS (THURSDAY) 3V, £» JJ
EVENING. Fraternity Hall, oil
O'Farrell st.. S o'clock. Invitations
for Hall'J^'een party will be 'Jistributetl.
GEOROE W. MILLER, Rcyal Clucf.
r.vmil'.V. VV PATFHSIIV l:p,-.:r.?.>r
LODGIXG-HOUSES FOR SALE.,
100 ROOMS- house for men; rent $140... $4000
68 rooms; south of Market: rent $100. 2000
24 rooms; corner; part cash; bal. easy. 850
11 rooms; good Income; rent $20.... 350
21 rooms; water front; rent $40; leaie.. 650
120 rooms; good lease: low rent........ 6600
67 rms.; apartments ; Western Add. ;rent _H>
Money loaned at 1 per cent.
Hotels, roadhou&es. flats. 8 to 100 rooms.
EITEL & CARROLL. 212 Kearny St.
PETERSEN REALTT CO. 1035 Market st.
$2200— Modern 27-room house; steady and
transient; carpets and furniture first class;
bargain for a few days.
$2300— 36-room corner house: 2 floors: well
equipped ; fine location; snap; acct. departure.
11 ROOMS; rent $30; good location $450
27 rooms; rent $70; part housekpg; lease. li 00
20 rooms; rent $125; transient; north..$21O0
MOSSMAN. Examiner building, room 411.
FOR sale at a bargain; S-room boarding-house;
all full; wice $350. 1031 McAllister st.
SPIRITUALISM^
PROF. Fred P. Evans, noted psychic for slate-
writing and clairvoyance; stamp for circular.
1112 Eddy st.. nr. Octavla; phone Scott 8S7.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
night, 10c. C19 McAllister. Come skeptics.
MTiS. EBERHARDT'S teet meeting, 8 p. m.
sharp; 10c; readings flally. 3250 22d st. .
EDWARD EARLE. 10,'i2 Ellis, readings dally,
9:30 to 4; seances Sunday and Thursday.
CLAIRVOYAXTS.
MY Regular $3 Readings This Week For
$1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 SI
PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE.
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist ever In San Francisco.
I do hereby solemny agree and guarantee
to make no charge if I fail to tell you your
name occupation and what you called for;
I promise to tell you whether husband, wife
or 6-weetheart is true or false: I tell you
whom and when you will marry; in- fact, I
will tell you every hope, fear or ambition
better than you can tell yourself; I Improve
your character eo that you will reach the
highest possible development In mental vigor,
health, happiness and capacity to earn
wealth: eo you will live leppy and contented
the rest of your life. Hours 10 a. m. to 8
p. m. : Sundays. 2 to 8. 326 O'Farrell St., 826..
MME M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third st-. next Examiner
bldg.; she reads your life correctly, ffives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happiness and portrays events to
occur in the future; if you are in trouble, dls-
ccntented or not satisfied in life, or have do-
i meetic, love or business troubles, consult this
greet med'.um and you will be told how to
overcome them; valuable advice in all affairs
of life; 25c up; satisfaction guaranteed; read-
tegs by mail. Tel. Black 4069.
i ISMAR. the- Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
rt-, '•or. Turk; private readings daily, 10 a.
m. to 5 p. m. ; readings by mall as satisfac-
tory as In person; 8 questions answered, $1:
full !Ife. $5; send lock of hair, date and year
U—Uiiufc. w . i'Ai_i_>v;\. uccuraer.
NOTICE cf meeting of stockholders — Office of
Spring Valley Water Company, rocn. 3, sixth
floor, 126 Stockton street. San Francisco,
Cal.. September 15. 1903 — To the stock-
holders of the Spring Valley Water Com-
pany: Notice is hereby given that, pur-
suant to a resolution of the Board cf Direct-
or* of the Spring Valley Water Company, a
corporation, unanimously adopted en the 10th
day of September. 1903. at a meeting cf
•aid board, duly called and held at the
office of caid company in the city ar.d county
of San Francisco. State of Cahlornia. a
meeting cf the stockholders of said corpora-
lion will be he!d at the office anJ principal
place of business of said corporation, to-
wlt, in room three, sixth floor, in the build-
ing on the southeast corner of Geary and
Stockton streets, in the city and county of
S5an Francisco, State of California, known
as No. 126 Stockton street, puid building
being the building where the Board of Di-
rectors of said corf>uration usually meets,
end eaid room being the room in said build-
ing where the directors and stockholders of
taid corporati'n usually meet, on Monday,
the 23d day of November, 1903, at 2 o'clock
p. in., for the object and purpose of then
and there considering and voting upon a
proposal to create a bonded indebtedness of
eaid Spring Valley Water Comoany in the
*um of twenty-eient million t$2S.0C0,<X)0 00)
dollars, payable December 1, l'Ji3, with in-
terest thereon at the rate of 4 per cent
per annum, payable seml-annually, and prin-
cipal and interest payable in gold coin of
the United States of America of the present
standard of weight and fineness; and to
f*-cure the bonded indebtedness, ; o proposed
to be created, by a mortgage upon or de?d
cf trust cf all the property of said corpora-
tion now owned cr which It may hereafter
acquire and during the life or term of said
mortgage or deed of trust. Hy order of
the Board of Directors.
PELHAM W. AMES,
Eecretary of the Spring Valley Water Com-
pany. :
THE California Debris Commission, having
received applications to mine by hydraulic
process from George Wlcst In Magnolia mine,
near Georgetown. El Dorado County, CaL.
draining into Otter Creek, which reaches
Middle Fork cf American River, and from J.
J. Hoffmann and T. M. Browne, In William
Roush & Co.'s mine near Forest Hill, Placer
Ccunty. Cal., draining into Volcano Canyon
Creek, which reaches Middle Fork of Ameri-
can River, gives notice that meeting will be
held at room 96. Flood building, San Fran-
cisco. Cal.. Oct. 19. ll«03. at 1:30 p. m.
STOCKHOLDERS' MEETING— Notice Is here-
by given that the annual meeting of the
ttockhclders cf The Bank of California will
be held at the banking house in this city on
TUESDAY. October IS. lf»03. at 11 o'clock
a. m. By order of the board of directors.
ALLEN M. CLAy Secretary.
AGEXTS WANTED.
AGENTS — An agency fcr a proposition that Is
a decided improvement en building and loan
is worth having. Great Western Improve-
ment Co.. I'arrott bide.
AGENTS wanted to sell eharea for a new pat-
ented important invention; Al proposition ;
references. M. P. SCHELL. .129 Mission Ft.
ATTO R X E V S-AT-LAW.
ADVICE IFrEH:! ESTABLISHED 22 YEARS.
Divorcee a specialty. Private. Quick.
NO PAY UNLESS SUCCESSFUL.
G. W. HOWE.
Attorney and Counselor at Law,
Open Evenings 7 to 9. Phone Jessie 4TJ1.
Offices on First Floor — Rooms 1, 2, S. 4 and 5.
1122 Market St., Between Mason end Taylor.
AlmoEl Opposite "Hale's" Dry Goods Store.
. .... | ADVICE FREE
.......COLUMBIAN LAW AGENCY
Ha. 85. 916 Market; tel. Red 618: bad ten-
ants ejected speedily and reasonably; collec-
tions attended to; attachments; corporations
organized; civil and criminal practice.
of birth: don't send currency. Send postofnee,
Wells-Fargo money order or registered letter.
RETURNED. RETURNED.
K. KELLER.
World's moft famous aura seeress and clair-
voyant: readings daily; 3 questions by mall.
$1- 10 a. m. to 6 p. m. and 7 to 9 p. m. ; Sun-
days 10 to 12; now located at 1223 Market ft.
A— MME. PORTER, scientific clairvoyant and
card reader, born with a double veil and sec-
ond bight: tells the part, present and future:
ladies. !W>c; gents, $1; by cards, palmistry
and clairvoyant sitting; $1 50. 126 Turk st.
MRP. A. H. Kronenberg, palmist, clairvoyant,
card reader, will give a good reading, 10., for
a fhort time only; when others fail try me to
convince yourself. 402 Franklin, near Grove.
MISS ZEMDAR. young gifted clair. and palm.;
has second Fight; a wonderful prophetess;
names; L. f>Oc; G. $1. 714 Franklin.nr.G.G.av.
MIPS WARD, great card reader; ladles 25c;
others fall; call on this celebrated medium;
satisfaction cr no pay. 413 Mason St.; no sign.
A — Mme. Ravenna reads life, business advice;
names given: 25c up. 5 4th st.. near Market.
OL.PEST lady palmist and card reader In city.
2GU Kearny. room 20; ladies 25c; gents 60c.
MRS. SHAFER, clairvoyant, card reader; eit-
tings dally. 44S*4 Jessie St.. bet. 5th and 6th.
CAHPET BEATIXG AXD CLEAXIXG.
AIR. compressed, dry. Ice cold. Is now univer-
sally used in sanitarily cleaning carpets, on.
floor, without removal or Injury; prices mod-
erate. Apply S. FT COMPRESSED AIR
CLEANING CO.. Call bid.; phone Main 5237.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDIXG'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works, 355-357 Tehama Et.: tel. South 40.
SMITH'S Carpet Cleaning Co.; Al work guar-
anteed, 3c. 1843 15th st.; phone Capp 1551.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1S09 Har-
rison st.; Al cleaning. 3c; tel. Mission 225.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating Co.. J. McQueen,
proprietor. 329 Guerrero St.; tel. Mission 43.
TRY HOPKE BROS.: excellent carpet-beating;
mattresses made over. 1432 Howard :South 216.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harriscn St.: tel.Mlsslon 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works.
33.T Golden Gate ave.: telephone East 126.
CHIROPODISTS. !___
DUNLAP FOOT INSTITUTE. 50 Geary— AU
nllments of the feet cured: cornB.bunlong.etc.
DEXTISTS.
Electro-dental clinic, soa Market sC,
cor. Fourth, room 7. Flood building: extrac-
tions done painlessly; teeth without plates
cur specialty; gold crowns, $3 50 up; plates.
$4 50 up, extraction free; office hours, 9
a. m. to 9 p. m. ; Sundays. 9 to 2.
DR. GRUSS, 504-5-6 Callaghan bldg.. Market
and McAllister sts., uses the Basford Obtun-
der, the only device ever invented for grind-
leg, drilling and excavating teeth absolutely
without pain. For demonstration and proof
call at office.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set: extracting. 50c; gas given.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crown. $3 50; fillings. 50c;
plates. $5: full set;all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny. ccr.Bush —
Set teeth $1 50 up: crowns $2 up: fllllngs 25c.
GOLD fillings. 75c: silver, 35c; crowns, $2; no
ROBT. W. KING, stty-at-lsw. Examiner bid.,
room 611: all cases, damages, estates, wills,
attachments, collections, etc.; consultation
free: no advance charges: call or write;
evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
ADVICE free — I will advance cost In meritori-
ous casee. divorces, probate an<5 all other law
c*tes: no fees in advance: open every even-
ing. J. M. THURSTON. 819 Market st.. r. 3L
A. M. EWING— Attorney-at- law. Room 612.
Fanott bldg. ,
L. e. CLARK. Emma Fpreckeis bldg.. 027 Mar-
ket ft.: consultation free; no feet in advance.
AITKEN & AITKEN. attorneys, rs. 309-10-1 1~
Clunie bldg.. 503 California el.; tel. Main 727.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful- ail
law burins. W. W. Davidson. 927 Market.
DIVORCE— rr,sit, $J2; qui^k. quiet; open even-
Iiicf. W21 Market *t.. room T.O1.
nOAHDIXG FOR CHILDREX^
YOUNG woman would like baby to beard -"best
of care given. Call 731 Folsom 6t.
KLILDIXOS TO LET\ """
BRICK building in wholesale district 19 000
square f«-et floor *paoe. to lease for long term-
additlonal ttory if desired: will put in order
to suit tenant. ASHTON & GARDINER, 411
Mor.ttrompry Ft. ¦•'_-¦*
nt'SIXESS CHAXCESL '
FOR SALE — Furniture, carpets anS'good^wTil'
. new brick apartment house of 173 rooma in
city's ewellest locality; partly furnished' al-
though Just opened U over half-filled with
regular tenants already; long lease- if vou
want apartment nou« don't fall to get p"ar-
tlculars of this at rooms 1404-1405. Call bldg.
FOrt sale — Old-established employment office;
doing good buKineEs; owner has other busi-
ness and leaving city: a bargain. II. FOUTS
2t>*4 Kearny st., room 9.
BUSINESS man with executive ability and
come financial backing can find profitable em-
jjloyment as bu£in«'ss manager of Incorporat-
ed publishing firm. Box 4078. Call.
FOIt SALE — Second-hand ftore; cheap r«>nt:
t living rooms; a bargain; large stock. Call
•*2S'; Harrison St.
IF you detire to sell or exchange business, real
cftaie or mines, no matter where locat«M, or
desire to invest money, try INTERNATION-
AL BROKERAGE ASS'N INC.. 330 Pine
rt.. S. F.. Cal.
FOR KALE — A good, reliable shoemaking and
repair ehop. OUI at 4S0 Jessie St.
CARPENTER fhop for *ale at invoice. Call
1353 Market et.. near Thirteenth.
A RESTAURANT for i=ale. 194 First st. JT
COLE.
collection; offices.
BAD tenants ejected for $1; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10; teL 55S0.
pain: open Sunday. Dr.O.B.Hewl*t.20t Putter.
DRESSMAKERS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dreesmaklng and Millinery School
— Any pattern cut to measure. 1019 Market.
ACCORDION sunburst & knife plaiting. Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory. J10 Taylor.
DYEIXG AXD CLEAXlkc
6EA breezes sweeten all garments, blankets,
lace curtains, etc., done by the Presidio
Heights Dye Works 3915 Sacramento: phone
for wagon. West 453. H. HICKMAN. pres.
EDUCATIOXAL^
THE San Francisco Young Men's Christian
Association conducts a night school for men,
an engineering "school, an evening law school,
a working boys' night school and a day busi-
ness and academic school. Students have
gymnasium and other privileges. Apply at
Y. M C. A. building. Mason and Ellis sts.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post, S.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy, English branches;
day and night sessions; lUus. catalogue free.
AYltES, the leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket St.; special summer course in all depart-
ments: handsome catalogue free; life scholar-'
ehip, $30: day and evening sessions.
CALIFORNIA Business College, ,305 Larkin st.
"A thorough school": positions secured for
graduates; modern methods; individual in-
struction. Write for illustrated catalogue.
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for the university, law and medical colleges;
ref.. President Jordan or any Stanford pro-
fcEi-or; day, evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
13 1 N.MAX'S Academy; a thorough school of
dancing; established 20 years. 1412 Polk St..
between Pine and California; both adult and
children's classes are now open for the season.
A— SAN FRANCISCO Business College. 1236
Market St.— Practical, progressive, reliable;
day & evening sessions; write for catalogue.
VIOLIN and viola Instruction, including en-
semble: • twdnners received: best method;
terms moderate. Studio 305 Larkln. room 91.
HEALD'S School of Mines & Electricity,24 Post
st.. S. F.; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec., min., mech.. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday and
Sunday evenings at Teutonia Hall, Howard
ft., near Ninth; management Prof. Foster.
BPANIKH.Frtnch.etc.Prof.DeKIIippe's Academy
of Languages.320 Post ;cttab'd 1S71 ; ablest profs.
GOLDEN Gate Com'l College. 630 Golden Gate
avc-.; full business course; day and evening.
BCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION..^... Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine st... Night claas.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mlssion.nr.6th.
HELP WANTED —^FEMALE-— Coat.
WANTED — 3 German cooks no washing, $35;
6 cooks/ $25. $30; 5 second girls, $20. $25;
housework, San Jose. $30; San Rafael, $30;
housekeeper^ 3 men. $2 GO. see party at
office to-day; restaurant waitress. $6 week;
2 nurse girls, $20 $25; bell girl. $15. hotel:
kitchen helper $25- chambermaid, rooming-
house, $20; nurse and second girl, $25; par-
lor maid. Belvedere, $30; housework girls it*
both city and country best of places at $20,
$25. $30. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
83* Butter st. •
A WAITRESS and parlor maid for small fam-
ily in San Mateo. ' ?25. see lady here; a
laundress for 3 in family. $30; a waitress
and parlor maid/ San Rafael, $30; a cook
for a hospital in city • $40; a cook for a
German family $35- 20 housework girls for
city and country, $20 to $30. MISS PLUN-
KETT. 425 Sutter st., near Powell.
A SCANDINAVIAN or German girl for house-
work and cooking 2 in family, $30. see
lady here this morning. MISS PLUNKETT,
425 Sutter st.. near Powell.
LADIES wanted everywhere, copying letters
at home, evenings or epare time, and return
to us; no mailing- or canvassing; $3 weekly
earned: materials free; enclose self-address-
ed envelope for particulars. GUARANTEE
CO.. No. W 4, Ninth St.. Philadelphia, Pa.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-
ETERS; NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY;
PAID SALARY. LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'S
FACTORIES 32% FREMONT 8T. AND 1873
MISSION. NEAR FIFTEENTH.
MIDDLE-AGED women to sew on buttons by
hand. Levl Strauss & Co.'s Shirt Factory,
36% Fremont St.; see MR. HINDSHAW.
WANTED — A woman to wait on Invalid and
help around house; wages $15 and found;
references. Box 900. Call office.
WANTED — Girl for general housework, fam-
ily of two; good wages; none but first-class
cook need apply. Call from 10 to 1 at 80S
Fell at.
EXPERIENCED hand at dressmaking, one
who understands first-class work; also Im-
prover; an apprentice paid. 411 Mason st.
WANTED — Alteration hands on women's
cloaks and puits; good salaries paid. Apply
at once at PRAGERS, 1238-1250 Market st.
WHOLESALE house requires services of
woman not under 25; accurate and trust-
worthy. Box 4046. Call office.
A LADY of Indomitable energy to make money
and a convincing talker. F. PERSON, 477
and 47S Parrott building.
OPERATORS on ladles' wear; factory and
home work. MARKS BROS., 1220 Market.
GIRLS to learn trade; paid. Apply at 210
Stockton st.
NEAT second girl. 320 Walnut St., corner
Sacramento. - *
DRESSMAKER wants waist and skirt handa.
700 Sutter at., upstairs.
EXPERIENCED presser.' Apply' dressmaking
department. White House.
APPRENTICES and first-class maker wanted
In millinery Btore. 602 McAllister st.
WANTED — German girl or woman to assist In
general housework. 215 Second st.
GIRLS wanted: no experience required; wages
paid. J. C. IRVINE & Co.. 751 Market st.
RELIABLE, responsible woman for lucrative
undertaking. Box 4073. Call.
FIRST-CLASS finisher on coats; wages $10 to
$12 per week. • 1103 Market st.
COMPETENT girl for housework; wages $25;
references. 1634 Fell st.
A GIRL for general housework: small family;
good wages. 776 McAllister st.
WANTED — G:rl to do second work. Apply
1230 Post st.
FINISHER on pants; steady work. 36 Geary
st., room 33.
BAG operators wanted; good wages. Ill Clay
street.'
WANTED — Good pants finishers: good wages.
Apply at once. S. N. WOOD & CO.. 27
Geary st. ' .
CIGARETTE makers wanted; steady work and
good wages. The JOHN BOLLMAN CO.,
corner Front and Pacific sts. *
GIRLS wanted — Box department Mutual Label
and Lltho .Co., Second and Bryant sts.;
Hryant-st. entrance.
GIRLS about 15 for factory work; good wages.
Apply at ence. AMES & HARRIS, 100 Sacra-
mento st.
FIRST-CLASS finishers wanted at KRAGEN.
BAMBERGER CO.. 463 Mission St., 4th floor.
WANTED — Young girl to assist with house-
work. ¦ 2820 Bush st.
WANTED — Middle-aged woman for house-
work; wages $12. 12«3 McAllister st.
IMMEDIATELY— Young lady to teach district
school. C. ESTERLY. 518 Parrott bldg.
GIRL to assist with baby. Address Box 4045,
Call.
WANTED — A lady presser; good wages. Ap-
ply208% Leavcnworth st.
AN apprentice for corset making; who
sews.' 514 Sutter Bt. ,
GIRL for general housework and plain cooking.
1440 O'Farrell st. _^
GIRL for light housework in flat; small fam-
ily. Call 1530 Fulton st.
WANTED — First-class waist, skirt and coat
hands and errand girl. J. BAER, 1200 Geary.
WANTED — Pants flnlslier; best union work.
66 Tehama.
GOOD hands on vests; also apprentice with
experience. "641% Stevenson st., S. F.
LUNCH waitress wanted. 515 Valencia st.
WAIST, skirt and sleeve hands; also improvers.
MULRONEY. 110 Geary st. '
2 LADIES of good address to represent a high-
grade magazine. 50 Columbian bldg., city.
FIRST-CLASS stenographers furnished. Miss
M. Q. Barrett, instructor. 302 Montgomery.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch of flee. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH of flee for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10»S
Valencia st.
;: E^
AT CALlFO^N7A^E^U^LC>Y^IET?r^AG^ENCT\
59 Third St.. nr. Call bldg.; phone Bush 403.
NEVADA AND UTAH.
FREE FARE.
RYNDON, GOLCONA AND RENO.
S. P. R. R. CO.'S OWN WORK.
100. laborers. $2 a day.
* We ShlD Dallv on All .Trains.
Crowdd Arc Going. Are TTou? .
: . ' OREGON— FARE ADVANCED.
5 coal miners, 6-foot .vein, $1 a ton.
BUTTE COUNTY. DIAMOND MATCH CO.
FEE $1. CHICO. SHIP TO-DAY.
Half fare 52 SO. FEE SI.
25' teamsters, $73 a month.
. 20 drillers. $2 50 a day. . . \
100 laborers, trackmen, woodchoppers and
right-of-way men, $2 25 a day. •
2 ranch hands. Eastern men preferred, $1 a
day, bed . and board.
Buggy washer, city, $2 50 a day.
4 saw millwrights, country, ,. boss here, 0
months' job, $4 a day and board. . .
CAL. EMP. AGENCY, 50 Third St.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, > 26 Montgomery sT".
room 12. Cook country, hotel, $00; head
waiter. $50; bell boy, $15; night clerk. $25.
ERRAND boy. 100 Montgomery st.
HELP WANTED— -MALE— Con.
MURRAY* READY. 634 and 63« Clay St.
PHONE MAIN 5848.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
1902 WE GAVE 1903 WE'LL GIVE
45,000 MEN 'WORK. 60,000 MEN WORK.
Men wanted TO-DAY for _-«•»,
ARIZONA OREGON.
NEVADA ' WILLITS. .UKIAH.
And all points north, east, south oa Southern
Pacific and 8anta Fe systems: free pass.
ON EVERY TRAIN.
SECTION HAND& MUCKERS. DRILLERS.
Extra Gangs. Teamsters. Hammersmen.
MINES. TUNNELS. QUARRIES.
Miners alj over State. *0O and $82 60.
Drillers all over State, $S2 60 and $'3-
365 laborers and muckers everywhere, $60,
$76 and $82 60. "
Tlmbermen. carmen, furnace men, $00 to $JO.
STABLES. FARMS. ORCHARDS. DAIRIES.
236 farm and orchard hands. $30. $35, $40 1 fd.
6tt milkers, butter and cheese makers, $30 to
$50 and found. „-
•M choremen. coachmen, gardeners, etc.. J~>o.
10 stablemen, city, country Jobs, $30 to $bO.
MURRAY & READY,
631-C36 Clay st.
SAWMILLS— WOO D3.
. *V. < IN 4 STATES.
633 laborers, no experience wanted, $40 to
$70 and found.
196 mill and yard men. $50 to $150.
365 WOODCHOPPERS.
287 TIEMAKERS.
AH classes of experienced men for woods,
mills, etc., from $50, $60, $70, $S0, $90. $100,
$125 to $150 a month.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
— BOARD YOURSELVES —
— $2 25 DAY — STEADY WORK —
155 Greeks or Portuguese: new work.
155 Italians or Slavonians; new work.
165 Austrlans or Spaniards; new work.
155 Mexicans or Russians; new work.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
COOKS. WAITERS. PORTERS.
24 cooks, hotels, restaurants, camps, mines
and ranches, city and country, $30 to $70 fd.
12 waiters, city and country, $25 to $40 fd.
16 elevator and bell boys and porters.
Steward, country hotel.
Walter, cafe, $1 fare, 535 and found.
Pantry boy, $20 and found.
BUTCHERS
Pork packer and sausage-maker, south, $18
week.
Shop butcher, south, $16 week.
14 butchers, different Jobs. $40 to $90 found.
Cook and waiter. Nevada, $50 and $30 fd.
MURRAY & READY. G34-C36 Clay St.
MECHANICAL.
Head Dolbeer logger. $90.
2 young men, learn leather tanning. $9 week.
3 tinsmiths, factory, city. $3 a day.
3 painters, stripe. letter, $2 50 to $3 a day.
2 coopers, factory. 20c' fare, $3 25 a day.
Cut-off sawyer: 12 boys to learn trades, city.
66 BLACKSMITHS.
Also many helpers all over Callfcrnia, $50,
$C0, $70. $80, $90 and found.
LOCATED EVERYWHERE.
636 laborers and teamsters, city and country:
some factories, mills, warehouses, excava-
ting, building, etc. ; many In San Francisco;
lots to board home, $2. $2 25, $2 50. $2 75 a
day; 86 carmen and furnace men, $67 and $75.
Positions not advertised.
COME— SEE.
BEST PLACES AT MURRAY & READY'S.
BIGGEST WAGES AT 634-636 Clay st.
WAGES $75. WAGES.
WAGES $S2 50. WAGES.
33 two-horse, four-horse teamsters, $75.
29 laborers and muckers, $75.
• 29 drillers and headermen. $82 5<\
Manager here; coat you $1 fee; $1 fee.
THAT'S ALL.
DIAMOND MATCH TRUST.
CHICO — BUTTE. ' CHICO — BUTTE.
MURRAY & READY. 634-630* Clay st.
~ MIDNIGHT ORDERS BY
PHONE. TELEGRAPH AND SPECIAIi
LETTER DELIVERY.
ARIZONA.
003 MILES PRESCOTT. MIDDLETOWN.
ARIZONA TO-DAY. $1 50 FEE.
6 slack coopers. J»c; 5 cabinetmakers.
168 woodsmen. FRESNO COUNTY.
BEAUTIFUL MENDOCINO.
16 laborers: FREE FARE; $33 to $80 found.
I 2 sheepherders, fare $1 50. $30 and found.
' Young German set ud pins. *.',0 and found.
FRUIT PICKERS.
6.S linen or boys; fare 51; fee $1: $30 found.
MARYS VILLE. CHICO. PLACERVILLE.
186 carpenters' helpers, laborers, teamsters.
drillers and other help; you go; $S2 50, $75,
$67 CO.
2 experienced concrete men. curbing. $3 day.
Tailor, sack coats, country. $S each.
Tailor] trousers, country. $2 50 each.
SANTA CRUZ COUNTY.
26 laborers to pile lumber. $fiO.
WILLITS— UKIAH.
164 teamsters, laborers, etc.. free fare,
$67 50.
RESERVOIR WORK.
P0 teamsters and laborers, fare $1 20. $30.
$67 60.
COAL MINERS— OREGON— FREE FARE.
65 coal miners. Oregon. $3 to $5 day.
12 young men. city mills and factories. $1 50.
Veet shirt coat makers. 3 men, feerth.
VERY MURRAY & RlJADY.
IMPORTANT. 634-636 Clay st.
~ TO A BIG. GOOD MINE.
16 laborers, no experience wanted. $60, $73.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
" ~ CARPENTERS. '
fi carpenters, fare 6Oc. $90. t
Milker, Bakersfield. $::5.
TO EUREKA. $2 50.
26 laborers, big lumber company. $60 to $75.
Waiter, dishwasher, sawmill, fare paid, $25
and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S
Employment Agents
429 Bush st 642 Clay st.
PHIP DAILY THIS WEEK FOR NEVADA.
100 laborers. Reno. Nevada 82
100 laborers. Valmy. Nevada $2
100 laborers. Fenelon. Nevada $2
100 laborers, Beowawe. Nevada $2
Board $4 50 Week.
Absolutely Free Fare Office Fee $1
FOR MARIN CO.. CAL.
Muckers, laborers, tunnelmen, teamsters....
$2 25-$2 50
FOR WILLITS. MENDOCINO CO.. CAL.
Teamsters, laborers $2 23
6 bricklayers, country $6 day
Long job Free fare
fi quarrymen. south $45 found
Men handle giant powder, same place. $45 fd.
See boss here Free fare
Absolutely Free Fare For All Above.
DIAMOND MATCH CO., CHICO, CAL.
Muclfcrs. laborers, teamsters $2 25
Rate Fare $2 bO. Ship Daily.
25 lumber pliers, north $2 50
10 coal miners ..$2 50
Gardener, private place. $30: Jobbing gar-
dener, $30; extra gardener, $1 50 day; hos-
tler, private stable, $35; hostler, $30.
Broiler, country hotel. $50; pastry cook, city,
$60: kitchen hand, hotel, south, free fare,
$30: German second cook, mining hotel. $43;
pantryman, city, $;{5; porters, waiters, kitch-
en hands, dish and pot washers, others,
$25-$ «5.
C. R. HANSEN & CO. . Employment Agency
429 Bush st 642 Clay st.
WHY pay big prices to hare your shoes half-
soled when you can get it done for 25c. 50o
and 60c. while you wait at 563 Mission st..
bet. 1st and 2d sts.. or 11 Third st. ?
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third st. ; 250 rooms; 25c to BOc per night.
MEN to learn barber trade; only 8 weeks re-
quired; special offer this month; catalogue
and full Information mailed free. MOLER
SYSTEM COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
PENSION ATTY. M. HARRIS. 40 Ellis st.: 14
years' practice; references from thousands of
persons for whom I have secured pensions.
BARBER shop for sale; 2-chair; short hours.
Call at P. STOLTZ. 723 Market st.
2522 SHATTUCK ave., Berkeley: barber shop
for sale; bargain; 4 chairs; lease; rent $15.
BOY about 15 years of age for men's furnish-
ing store. 424 Kearny st.
BARBER shop; 2 chairs; cigar and tobacco
stock; cheap. Inquire D. STOLTZ. 723 Market.
WANTED — Energetic salesman for outsid*
work. THORNE A CO.. 312 Bush st.
McDONALD A PERRY have a large stock of
new and second-hand shoes: cheap. 233 3d st.
PENSION itty. E. A. Bullls. room 40. Pbelan
blag. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G.A.R.
MAN to do Janitor work for tuition la 3. F.
Barber School. 741A Howard st.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart St.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket — 700 ' rooms. 35c night: reading rooms:
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH offlc* for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1090
Valencia 'st. .
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission. St.. bet 1st and 2d sta.
GET your shoes half soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 563 Mission Bt.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
HOUSES TO LET — FURNISHED.
OAK. 419 — Elegantly furnished house; 10 rooma
¦ and 2 baths; large garden: grand view.
. HOUSES FURNISHED v6n SALE.
HOUSE, 7 rooms, bath, to let. and furniture;
for sale; to be sold immediately account of
sickness. 428 O'Farrell st.
( HELP WAXTRD— MAtE— Cmi.
A—PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
820— SACRAMENTO ST.— 520
Phone Main 1191. Cor. Leldesdorff.
ASTORIA. OREGON. - ASTORIA.
OREGON, near Portland, OREGON, on
COLUMBIA RIVER FEE $1;
FARE $3, with berth and meals.
50 laborers, $51 and found.
25 rockmen, $59 and found.
Call and see us to-day.
EUREKA. EUREKA. ' HALF FARE.
25 laborers, large lumber company's logging
R. R. in woods, steady Job,- $40 and found.
Extra gang foreman, south, S. P. R. R. ;
free fare; handle powder; $3 day.
6 lumber pliers, Truckee district. $2 50 day,
board where you like; steady Job.
WILLITS, UKIAH ROUTE, CAL. N. W. R.
R. ; FREE FARE; FEE $1; 25 teamsters and
laborers, $2 25 day; ship to-day.
NEVADA. FREE FARE. NEVADA.
25 laborers. FREE FARE, $2 day.
5 miners, north, $3 day; 6 muckers, $2 50
day, 8 hours.
BUTTE CO. CHICO. HALF FAKE.
SHIP TO-NIGHT. FEE SI. SHIP TO-NIGHT.
DQ teamsters, laborers, concrete men, rock-
men' and tunnelmen, $2 to $2 75 day.
DIAMOND MATCH CO.'S own work. FEE $1.
OREGON. COAL MINERS. FREE FARE.
20 coal miners, 51 ton. OREGON.
20 laborers, factory, $2 10 to $2 40 day.
Blacksmith, near city $2 50 day; black-
smith's helper, city,
6 teamsters, large ranch, $40 found; 10 farm-
ers, $30 found; 300 muckers and laborers,
mines, *C0. «
BIG TUNNEL. FREE FARE. Near City.
20 tunnelmen. $75; 20 muckers. $80; 10 la-
borers, city factory, $1 50 to $1 75 day; 100
woodchoppers, tie and shingle bolt cutters,
all over, big wages; cooka, waiters and dish-
washer?.
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
520 Sacramento st.
AT SAN FRANCISCO EMPLOYMENT
BUREAU. 17 Fourth st.
El Dorado County, chip every day. 3 p. m.
laborers. $2 day; 2 horse teamsters. $50
month and found; 10 rough carpenters,
steady work, $2 50 day; lumber pliers, tim-
ber fellers, etc.; laborers and rockmen for
city. $2. $2 50 day.
BUTTE CO CHICO BUTTE CO.
Laborers and teamsters, $2 25 and $2 50
day; fare $2 $0. office fee $1, ship to-day.
Call early; we have lots of new Jobs. Daily
papers and magazines on file. 17 Fourth
st.. phone Grant 26.
GARDENER and wife. $C0; 3 bollermakers,
$3 65 day; canwasher, $40 to $«0; porter for
bathhouse. $10 week; man about place, $25
and found; sheepherder, $30 and found:
varnisher; farmers, $30 and $"5 month and
$1 25 day and tound; farmers and wives, $50
and $53; married vlneyardist to run place
on'shyes; 15 woodchoppers, $2, $2 75 and
' $1 GO cord: quarryman. laborers and others.
J- F. CROSETT & CO.. «2S Sacramento st.
AT C. FREY & CO.'S, 531 Commercial st.
El Dorado Co., Butte Co., Reno, Nev. We
ship free fare on all Jobs.
Walter, city hotel. $50 and found.
Boilermaker helpers, free fare.
Laborers, city. $2 day.
Call early, boys. * We have hundreds of new
Jobs for old and young. No strikes. No
fakes. We guarantee all Jobs. C. FREY
& CO. Phone Main 1575.
YOUNG men everywhere copy letters home
evenings; $9 50 week. Send addressed en-
velope for particulars. Manager Dept. W 4,
Box 1411. Philadelphia, Pa.
FOR sale — Old-established employment office,
doing good business; owner has other busi-
ness and leaving city; a bargain. H. FOUTS.
26 Hi Kearny st.. room 9.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
(1 SO per i>alr. foot-form shoes at $2 50, or
orthopedic shots, $3 50; best shoes on earth. 11
Third st.. Exam. bldg.. 5 doors from Market.
WANTED — A good, strong boy; $1 per day;
box flenartment. Mutual Label & LI the. Co.,
Second and Bryant sts.; Brj'ant-at. entrance.
EXPERIENCED man for delicatessen coun-
ter. Apply superintendent's office. The Em-
porium.
CASH and errand boys wanted. Apply this
morning superintendent's office. The Em-
porium.
WANTED — A young man about 20 years of
age to drive laundry wagon; references re-
quired. Box 4077, Call.
YOUNG man; stock clerk for manufacturing
concern; state age, salary expected and ref-
erences. Hox 4079. Call.
A MAN of indomitable energy and push, a good
talker, eager to make money. F. PERSON.
477 and 488 Parrott building.
TRY cur men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 pair; foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay
express or mall chrgs. 11 3d St.. Exam. bid.
COATMAKERS for country. Apply REISS
BROS & CO.. 24 Sutter st.
TAILORS. ROOS BROS.. Kearny at Post.
ERRAND boys wanted; wages $3 50. HIRSCH
.fc KAISER. 7 Kearny st.
EXPERIENCED bushelmen wanted. Apply at
The Hub, 132 Kearny st.
WANTED — One brassmolder. The J. Roy-
lance Brass Works, 112 Main st.
WANTED — Experienced bollermakers; steady
work: standard wages. Box 40*3, Call.
STEADY German: refs.; tend bar, make him-
self useful; wine house. 15 City Hall square.
EXTRA waiter. 612 Kearny St., Clarke's
Bakery. ,
YOUNG butcher boy wanted. 1377 Halght St.,
near Masonic ave.
WANTED — Presser on pants. 8 Grant ave.
MAN to work In fruit store; must have ex-
perience. 1315 Stockton st.
WANTED — Two oystermen; steady Job. 212
O'Farrell st.
SOLICITORS for merchant tailor: good induce-
ment. 1125 Market st.. bet. 7th and, 8th.
A NURSERYMAN and Jobbing gardener
wanted. 500 Halght st.
YOUNG man. German or German-American, to
work in pork and delicacy store. 3008 16th.
'TWO-CHAIR barber shop for sale; other busi-
ness: a bargain. Box 40C4, Call office.
WANTED^- For U. S. Marine Corps,, able-
bodied unmarried men, between 21 and 35;
good character: must speak, read and write
English: 1 marines serve, at sea on men-of-
war in all parts of the world, on land in our
island possessions, and at naval stations in
the United States. Apply -at recruiting of-
fice, 40 Ellis at., San Francisco, Cal., and
401 K st., Sacramento. Cal.
WANTED — Porter for saloon: small pay and
. plenty to do: Scandinavian preferred. Apply
to OLANDER, East Twelfth st. and Thir-
teenth ave.. East Oakland. - -
OFFICE boy wanted In mercantile house; must
be neat: age about 15. Address in own
hand; $15 first salary. Box 3514 Call office.
WANTED — Rough carpenters and laborers. Ap-
ply room 14. 26 Montgomery St.. San Fran-
cisco Construction Company.
FOR SALE— First-class union barber shop:
location San Pablo ave.. Oakland. Address
box 831. Call office. Okaland.
TAILORS— Bushelman wanted. Apply ready
for work. S. N, WOOD & CO. : .; .
WANTED— A boy about 16 years old. S. N.
WOOD & CO., 740 Market st. ¦
A PARTNER wanted; carpenter preferred.
1337 Mission St. ¦
WANTED— Steady boy to work in fish market.
Apply 863 Valencia st. .'
BOOTBLACK wanted In '. barber shop; wages
paid. 1543 Devisadero st.
YOUNG man in gents* furnishing store with
a knowledge of hats. Box 4067, Call office.
ERRAND boy well . recommended. ROGER-
SON'S, 635 Valencia et. ,' ,
BARBER shop with lease for sale, cheap; old
establishment. 229 Hayes st. '
HOUSES TO LET.
A —PRINTED list of houses to let; send for cir-'
TttUrT O.H. TJMBSEX & CO..14 Montgomery.
A— HOUSES and flats to let; an tarn taw _*:
•errleY absolutely free: take advantage o;
JhU department; It Will save you time an*
trouble! Corde. Furniture Co.. 245-258 Gear 7
St.. on the square.
BOARDING-HOUSE of 23 rooms and baths.
close In. on Taylor St.; large . beautlfu!
grounds and fine view; within 10 minute*
wrjlk of Kearny and Market »ts. Apply to
MADISON & BURKE. 30 Montgomery st.
CASTRO, 809 — 0 sunny rooms; bath; large
basement; yard. Key 811.
VAN NESS ave., 2104, near Pacific ave.— McU-
ern honse; 10 rooms : rent $70.
BEFORE moving get our printed list of houses
to let. BALDWIN tk HOWKLL. 25 Po«t st.
HORSES ASP WACOXS.
FOR sale — Perfectly trained sorrel carriage
team- account departure; together or sep-
arately; one specially suitable fcr ladlM
phaeton; other perfectly gaited laclles sad-
dle horse: very reasonable. H. S.. box 40M>.
Call ofttce. ,
A HANDSOME black horse. weight 1360
pounds; Just the horse for undertaker or
brewer: $200. 1327 Pierce St., betweea
O'Farrell and Ellis.
HARNESS and saddles, the best for th» money.
at JEPSEN BROS CO.. Inc.. the big store.
1143-1147 Market St.. San FrancUco.
FOR sale, cheap— Two-seated Rockaway and
pony buckboard. Apply 45 Prosper st. .
FOR SALE — At 1509 Grove st, handsome trap,
almost new; will sell cheap :
MUST be sold at a sacrifice; 5 good horses. 327
Sixth at.
Largest assortmt 2-hand wagons, buckb'd. «nr-
rey.harness.work.drlTlng horses. 13th- Valencia
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping wagon and
gocart for sale cheap. 632 Mission st.
_OST AXD FOUXD.
LOST — Black and tan deerhound; female: an-
swers to the namo of Queen. Return to H.
F. HEINZE. 412 McAllister St., and receive
reward; flat 4.
LOST Tan and white bulldog. Liberal re-
ward if returned to 1900 Broadway.
LOST— A gold necklace with gold cross at-
tached. 136 Rousseau st. ; reward.
LOST — Purse with money and 3 rings. Re-
turn to 317 Third st.. Oakland; reward.
LOST— White bull terrier dog; red spot over
right eye. Return Baldwin Annex.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the Callfoml*
Watch Case Co., 220 Sutter St.. needs ol<J
gold and silver to make new watch cases.
LOFTS TO LET^ vO
\VEL^IJG*HTEb loft. 30x60; rent $C0; sulta-
ble for manufacturing bus. 2140-2 Folsom st.
~~ MEDICAL.
SAN FRANCISCO'S EMINENT FHYS1CIA-N.
DOCTOR WHITER
TREATS WOMEN ONLY.
702 MARKET ST., room 7. Phone Red 3321.
Every facility for the BEST treatment of
all diseases and disorders of women. Elegant
sanatorium. Select patients. Strictly confl-
dentlal. Fees within the reach of all.
MRS. DR. WTETH, specialist for all female
complaints; Instant relief guaranteed; 30
yeara' experience; removed to 828 Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist fcr all fe-
male troubles and Irregularities: instant re-
Uef guaranteed. IOO8M1 Marxet St.. cpp. 5th.
I VALPEAU'S female pills; best regulating pill»
sold; price $2 60 by express. Pasteur's
syringe and tablets; price $2 50. By express
only on receipt of price. OSGOOD BROTH-
ERS, wholesale druggists. Seventh and
Broadway. Oakland.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELI— -All who are sick or
in trouble consult this specialist on fema!«
complaints; positively corrected: the unfor-
tunate helped: the most difficult cases treat-
ed: advice free. Office. 1019 Market st.
Drs. Goodwin. 733 Turk. nr. Van Ness — Expert
In obstetrics, female complaints: inst. relief;
treatment $10; hours. 10 to 5; 23 yrs. expor.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1113 Market — Reliable ladies'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care: low fees.
DR. ROSEN, moved to 2803 Folsom st.. corner
26th; relief $10; ladles' exclusive office.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 1120 Skarket st.
DR. NO TOT KEE. 319 Powell St.. opposite
Union square; all diseases cured bv herbs.
MILL I. VERY.
LADIES — 200 stylish hats to select from; leas*
sold must vacate February 1. lOOt: save
money by calling on MME DOSCH. 207 Po.-t.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS engines, 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
DOES TOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair It with elaterlte; in rolls easy to lay:
needs no painting or coating; good over old
iron, tin or shingles; beet for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
2D-HD. machinery, boilers, engines, pump*,
pulleys, shafting, etc.. etc., bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE M'CH'Y CO.. 130-132 Beale St.
EDISON & MELLUS star moving picture
films, earns as new. less than one-half co?t;
1000 feet to select from. Novelty Theater,
Oakland. Cal.
A — Fine suits. $7 50: dress pants, $2 50. Origi-
nal Misfit Clothing Parlors. 238 Kearny St..
near Bush; open to 9 p. m. Sunday to neon.
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. nea*
Pine; open till 9 p. m. Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 253-253 SperA't.
; ____ ¦
FOR sale — A bargain; 1 set Encyclopedia Eri-
• tannica. Edinburgh edition. 29 volumes, half
morocco binding. 615 Larkln st. .
3, 6 AND 10 hp. gasoline engines; second-hand:
all sizes, new. E. B. BECK & CO.. 123
Market st.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 30 pair:
foot-form shoes at $2 CO: we pay «xpress
charges. 11 3d St., Exam, bid.; catalog, free.
NEW and second hand machinery of all kinds.
KROGH MNFG CO.. B19 Market st.
FIRST-CLASS pump, windmill, tank and>
tower; cheap. 2960 Howard st.. near 26th.
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER*
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sate, rental:
bargains. Bullard & Breck. 131 Post st. .
MILES of pipe and fittings; all sizes. EU-
GENE RILEY A SONS. 109 Vallejo st.
MOVING picture film and song slides. 1C9
Montgomery st. '" - , v
SAFES — New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
_ CO.. 122 Market St.
All bargains ;camp stools and chairs; hammocks,
metal beds.mattresses.J.F.Hotter,712 Mission.
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, moving
picture machines, films. Badgalupl. 933 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches:
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters: all •
makes. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg'y.
MISCELLANEOUS WA.VTS.
CALIFORNIA HOUSEWRECKINO c6!
Pays higher prices for buildings and take«
less time to wreck and remove. Ofnce. NW.
cor. Mission and Tenth: phone Mint 3011.
WANTED— Small children to board; mother's
care. 632 South First st.. San Jose, Cal.
BOOKS andHoraries bought. H. C. HOLMES.
1149 Market St.: phone Jessie 3741. or postal.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st. ; tel. Jessie 2S31.
A BIG price paid for sealskins; send postal.
23 Stockton st. : phone Bush 434.
MOXEY TO LOAN.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY. ~~~ ~
801-6O2-6O3 EacamlneT building.
Quick settlements; no disappointment
Save expenses by dealing directly
Estates, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property In trust.
etc.: legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests In property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When Tou Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHT.
ADVANCES on furniture and pianos without
removal; to salaried people oa their note
without security or knowledge of employer*
lowest rates: best terms; quickest service and
absolute privacy; special rates to municipal
employes and teachers. The National Credit
Co.. r. 68-60 Donohoo bid.. U70 Market st.
INTEREST REDUCED TO 5 PER CENT~~~
DEAL DIRECT: SAVE EXPENSES.
I will loan on 1st, 2d or 3d mortgages SAV
FRANCISCO, OAKLAND. TOWN COUN-
TRY PROPERTY and REAL ESTATE 'in
probate; send full particulars of property no
answer otherwise. Box 2498. Call office.
°2oS 1 Sa »^__TfftWiSS:
¦fj|?_B&^SiWi_B_»\. V^™s_5g*^___l— _____¦> *m _pMB3_SE_B_i fc§£i»l?ii
srr^Tr^r iy=^***HBr ¦TflrifSfirlf *- \^_^^z_____E____3Ha * _H_iHl_B__i *i'3» ~mw
K%a_%£^_£**S_^^. '^•IWRffl * T^i^nrnB—WaiTininiffirn fla BHH th'*# BSSl
t£_J5*i%r__ ~z*9>"S*-vTx«_" /i _nnMaswW_nrvTtifn KB IBM ___8fl__ki
w __Hr\-*7, fctf ">> y_ -<—^-_ -^tWaix ,_— . iM u _H____nH___R__r9____H__H_V_HP_B b__D " __¦ »™ s_P__r mBt— _f~__^r_
__S_^_^^sKt^ b IBbpSBtMB-—— 83 BM EM ™ KS p 5 .1/ j
¦ffE^K— _ fl _ F^_ j_ S^BbL tf^ flftftt^>5sM0nBwtfR» ijjsn H BtHS5i %u!wl
»ft^TtrjSff^»iftJ^^4i>Tr^iiTr :^^ l^vSj^*^'-*™^'»*" vS_ H _h£_I — . tfflwr£c»
Hj|g^^BfijM7J__Wti&fi3Jlv'**^*vKy ¦ _B_ ¦ Bbk -— W HBk vH
Are you sick with dull care? Are you losing your hair?
Has your purse got so empty you've nothing to spare?
There's a way to be free, and it's simple, you see;
Take this word of advice and then happy you'll be:
Put an ad in'The Call and your business will mend,
You'll be free from all care and have money to spend.SAN JOSE, Oct. 7.— Dr. R. E. Freeman,
who was arrested "a month ago on the
charge . of . having caused the death of
Mrs. Hattie Lynn by an alleged operation,
was to-day acquitted by Justice Wallace.
Dr. Freeman is one of the moat prominent
physicians in San Jose . and the case at
tracted a treat deal of attention. The
charge against him was preferred by the
mother of Mrs. : Lynn.
Physician Is Acquitted.
BAKERSFIELD, Oct. 7.— Justice of th«
Peace W. S. Mlllard of the Bakersneld
Township to-day filed a claim with tho
Board of Supervisors for $405 for fees
which he now claims as compensation for
the discharge of his official duties instead
of the salary of $125 a month which it is
provided by law he shall receive. The
matter has been referred to the District
Attorney and It will undoubtedly be car
ried Into the courts. Jud?e oiillard claims
thaty the county government act of 133?
Is unconstitutional wherein it provide*
for a classification of townships an J
bases the compensation of township oQ»
dais on population.
Claims He Is Entitled to Fees.
GRANTS PASS. Or.. Oct. 7.— The Moun
tain View Copper Company's mines In
.the" Waldo district, just north of the Cal
ifornia line, in Josephine County. Oregon,
have been, sold to the Vulcan Copper
Company of San Francisco. The consid
eration was $24,000. The mines are
equipped with a< thirty-ton Vulcan smel
ter and are among the best developed
copper properties of the Waldo district.
Oregon Copper Mines Are Sold.
QUEENSTOWN — Arrived Ocf S— Stmr Car
pathla, from New York, for Liverpool, and
proceeded. ' :
LIVERPOOL— Sailed Oct 7— Stmr Haver
ford, , for Philadelphia," via ' Queenstown; " stmr
Oceanic, from New York.' via Queenstown.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday, October 7.
Stmr Chehalla. FrantzOn, 77 hours from
Grays Harbor; bound south; put in to land
passengers. *• • . ¦ .
Stmr Grace Dollar, Olsen, SI hours from
Rainier. Columbia River. . -
¦ Stmr Cella, Norberg-, ¦ 7% hours from Pigeon
Fr slilo Leon Blum, Rehel, 149 days from
Swansea. ¦ „ ' " ¦ , ' " , •
Schr Western Home, Lembke, 8 days from
Coos Bay. - \
Schr Bender Bros, .Wetael, 10 days (from
Siuslaw. -- - *
-Schr Camano, Street, 11 days from Port
Gamble. '
Schr Alpha, Larsen, 6 days from Coos Bay.
SAILED. .
Wednesday, October 7,
Stmr .Mlnnetonka, Evans,>New ..York.
Stmr Brunswick. Johnscn, Fort Bragg.
OCEAN' STEAMERS. \
Late Shipping Intelligence.
Rev. F. M. Larkin, rector of Grace
M. E. Church, will deliver a lecture on
the Yosemite 'Valley at the auditorium of
the Young Men's Christian Association
building to-morrow evening. The lecture
will be > illustrated by 100 stereopticon
views. The public is invited. :*'T. ¦¦
Lecture on Yosemite.
SEATTLE, Oct. 7.— For three months
the police have been puzzled by numerous
thefts from desks In offices among the
business blocks. This morning in Justice
Cann's court John Westervelt, an adver
tising solicitor and well known insurance
agent, admitted that he was the guilty
person. No less than sixteen cases have
been traced to him. He came to Seattle
three years ago from Minneapolis, where
he is well known.
Pleads Guilty to Many Thefts.
SAN DIEOO, Oct. 7.— Both of the Eng
lish ships now In port, the Kelburn and
the Scottish Moors, are troubled much by
the loss of sailors. The* Moors has lost
all of her men, having left* only the of
ficers and two apprentices and the cooks.
The Kelburn has. lost eight of her crew
gnd the chances are that the rest will get
away before she finishes discharging. The
Kelburn may load grain here for the
United Kingdom.
Sailors Desert •at San Diego.
SAN JOSE. Oct. 7.— The victims of L.
Hume, the forger who operated in San
Jose last Saturday, are" increasing. In a
few short hours Hume cleared up not 2css
than $400. All the checks passed were for
$22 50 and purported to have been signed
by Joseph Tully. The police have received
information that Hume has been working
all the towns up the coast from Los An
geles, and it Is estimated that he has
reaped not less than $5000 in the past few
weeks by his forgeries. <•
Forger Finds Many Victims.
SEATTLE. Wash., Oct. 7. — A Dawson
special says: On September 7 Countess
Moraczewski, formerly Mrs. Alice Rollins
Crane, made an attempt on the life of
Captain William Galpin and on her own
life at a point four miles below Rampart
on the Yukon River, where the Count.
Countess and Captain Gllpln were
camped, the three being on their way
from Dawson to St. Michael en route to
Russia, where the Count will take charge
of his ancestral estates.
Countess Attempts Murder.
TACOMA. Wash., Oct. 7.— Captain Fer
guson of the British ship SHeve Bawn.
which arrived In port yesterday from San
Francisco after a hard voyage, reports
meeting the most contrary winds in hi*
experience. The SHeve Bawn left San
Francisco September 12 for Tacoma, and
once outside the Golden Gate encountered
a continual succession of contrary head
winds, and on September 27, fifteen days
after her departure, found herself but
sixty miles north of San Francisco. Fair
winds then, sprang up a nil the blow
brought her off the Washington coast in
two days.
Sails Sixty Miles in Fifteen Days.
The water- will be,, diverted by me^ns
of a diversion dam. and will be conveyed
through canals, flumes, wooden. Iron, steel
and cement pipes, to the place of in
tended use. The size of the canal will be
300 feet wide on the bottom and ten feet
deep, or such dimensions as will give it
an equivalent capacity. The size of the
conduits are to be such aa to give them
sufficient capacity to carry the amount
of water required. * ¦
RIVERSIDE, Oct. 7.— The most import
ant move ever made here in the interest
of irrigation was made to-day when Ed
mund T. Perkins, on behalf of the United
States, filed on four million miners' Inches
of water for use in this county and vi
cinity. The document filed with the
Riverside County Recorder this afternoon
is as follows:
Notice Is hereby given that Edmund T. Per
kins, thereunto duly authorized by the Secre
tary of the Interior, for and on behalf ot the
United States of America, under the provisions
of the act of Congress approved June 17, 1902,
claims at the point where this notice is posted
all the unappropriated waters of the Colorado
Riven, both surface and underflow, to the ex
tent of 100.000 cubic second feet — 1,000,000
miner's inches. The point where this notice Is
posted is described as "at a point of rocks
known as Black Point In California, county
of Riverside, about section 7, township .5 south,
range 24 east. San Bernardino meridian."
That said water is claimed for irrigation,
manufacturing purposes, water power, do
mestic use and other beneficial uses, and the
terminus and dace of Intended use is in the
valley extending from «ald point along the
Colorado River to and below Ploche. Cal.. and
along the line of the proposed conduit.
Edmund T. Perkins Hakes Import
ant.Move In Interest of Irriga
tion in Riverside County.
FILES ON FOUR MTTXION
MINER'S INCHES OF WATER
The election of a minister to preach the
next annual aennon will take place Fri
day.
The "Women's Home and Foreign Mis
sionary Societies and the Church's Mis
sionary Societies occupied a gTeater part
of the afternoon session of the Congre
gational Association. Reports from the
various societies showed very satisfac
tory conditions, as did also those of the
Sunday School and Publishing Society
and the Church Extension Society. In all
these auxiliaries earnest pleas were made
for a hearty co-operation of the church
members a.nd the pastors. Several special
committees were appointed and the fol
lowing delegates were elected: To the
Synod of the Pacific, Rev. Griffith Grif
fiths, representing The Pacific- Methodist
Episcopal Church Conference; Deacon J.
H. Hayes, Decoto, Methodist Episcopal
Church South Conference; Deacon W. W.
Chase. Third San Francisco, Central Bap
tist Conference: Rev. S. R. Yarrow,
Rocklin, Christian Church Conference;
Rev. O. W. Lucas, Pacific Grove, Central
Association Congregational Church,
Southern California; Rev. H. M. Tenny,
district secretary of American Board* of
Foreign Missions.
WpCtDLxAND, Oct. 7. — At the morning
session. of the General Association of the
Congregational Churches, some radical
changes were suggested, among which
was the proposed repeal of the pledge
exacted of Its members, and which
brought forth .an animated discussion
and strong opposition. The matter Is to
be settled by a committee appointed for
that purpose. The committee reported on
the revision of the constitution and by
laws and the report was adopted. The
only material change effected was be
stowing a new title on the association, aa
follows: ?'General Association of. Cali
fornia Northern."
New Title Is Bestowed
on Congregational
Association.
CHURCH WORKERS
DISCUSS CHANGES
THE SAN FEAKCJSCO CALL, THURSDAY, .OCTOBER 8. 1903.
13
F. J. Monahan. President.
MONAHAN & CO.,
(Inc.)
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
2339-2311 Mission st. Telephone Mission 31.
WO\E% TO LOA* — ContlnofJ.
M GIJLT* respectable private place ' to obtain
on diamonds. S*"™*?***!
*T<-W* fit vatee. Baldwin clr 5 r v St ° r^," 8
Karfcet et.: ttl. Main lt>44. Branch. 19 Third.
MONEY loaned «o salaried people, retail mer-
chatiUi tearr.ster*. boarding-house*, without
e*curi»'v easy payments; largest business in
iTprfeatcltus Tolman, 6S3 Parrott bldg.
itir •.>„>;, credit A«sn. makes advances to
rS->en?b'e Varied people, confidentially;
SS^SdhiteSe r'-sn: ea*y Installments.
• "Rocxn SO. AeaiJerr.y cf Sciences. Sl'.< Market.
k -v Di«rotTNT AGENCY — Loans to salaried
I . people on their note.
THE TQUELEY CO 143 Phe'.an bldg.
**r»VEY to loan on low interest; gold, silver.
diamonds v^\r and rr-eiou* stones bought
«t W..J. TiESTHAL'S. 10 Plxth ft.
JToNfTy leaned to salaried raployet-O. W.
MILLER, room 7*. fifth floor. Chrc^ga bldg.
a% ON-furr.ltBre & pianos; $15 up; no renaoTal;
V TREMA1N. room £1. 6 Eddy St., floor 4.
ALL loan* rn "diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo S F. Collateral Loan Bank. 638 Kearny.
6TAR Loan Co of Wyoming loans money to
salirird prnptoygS. B~311.Mutual Sav.Bk.bld.
CASH loaned *a'.ari»d people on notes without j
c irAorrrr MORRELL. 009 Examiner bldg.
-MIMCAL IXSTRCSIEXTS.
A^lT^^TliE^F^BAKGAINST ' |
'Et^rnjtn fc Hyde upright $117
jntex* « I
Efc*ef * 163;
2 Btel2w*jn .$1C5 soo
2 CfaJcfcert&Sa 83 153
¦» 'Jeinfs 237 383 ¦
¦ ° Rcntt, S2 up. apply on purchase; Install- j
¦finots, $* tip.
; HEINE- PIANO CO.. 235-237 Geary *t.. larg- |
*»*» # exclusive piano house of the Weet.
AN Virrtght piano shipped by high class East- I
; «>rn manufacturers will be sell at actual ccst
to fave return cf freight. 237 Geary st.
STK1N\VAY upright, lert by private party.
'#165; a great bargain. 237 Geary tU
Tins AD :« OL"R BIGGEST EXPENSE.
I We ray no rent, as we own the building.
Hit etily reason we advertise is to let you |
ffnow we rent the best piano in the city for $3 }
V*r month. Now we can sell you cne ju«t th« j
fcarrte. Our expenses are so very much less j
than other firms, why not inx-estigate cur prices
end compare notes? Invest 5c carfare and save j
from $75 to $150 or. a piano. SCOTT-CURTAZ ;
PIANO CO.. 5C0-C2-C4 Hayes tt. |
TOU do not take ar.y chances when buying !
¦ from us. Our method* are well known to be '
. ct»n «nd above board. "Big bargains, not j
b,g ads," is our rule. All goods guaranteed
as represented or no cale. Call ar.d see large \
assortment of new and used instruments.
THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 7C9
Market st.
A FTECK & GABLER upright, nearly new.
cheap: % en«p. HORNUNG. 216 McAi!i«ter. |
RARE chance; cafh or payments; elegant high !
_. srraCe upright. 16 McAllister st. •
A FEW good upright bargains from $50 up. in- j
cUifitrg euch makes as Chickering, Mason & ,
Hamiin. Vose, Sterling. Curtaz. Kirkman. I
Haines. Weser. Pease and others. BENJ. i
CLTOTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell Et. No !
branches In San Francisco. '
THE greatest orpcrturiity ever offered in Fan j
Francisco to get a good reliable piano cheap, j
Before' our removal we will sacrifice acy in- !
•trument for cash cr Installment*. Call cr I
write for prices and terms at ence. KOHLER j
* CHASE. Established l«50. 30 O'Farrell. j
BAND instruments; F. Bejscn. Paris, maker; |
Gus Malwaid. Agt. Pac. Coast.. 275 O'Farrell; |
ekiilful repairing: 23-hand instruments sold, j
Cnredeemed storage piano* and furniture dirt I
cheap. Whltehead's Storage. 1C38 Market Et. !
BEAUTIFUL 3-pedaI Steinway upright piano: j
perfect order; sacrifice. KeeSe's.2S5 O'Farrell. j
COHMER. Byron Usury pianos. Ceclllan piano :
L player. BYRON MACZT. r,OS-312 Post st.
SUPERIOR viclir.s. zithers eld and new. H. ;
MT'LI.KR' r-.aker. repg'.rer 2 Latham place.
OFFICE* A.\D STORES TO LET.
STORE W.th large basement: below Kejrny I
,rt.: r»r.t t?A. Avrir *£*•<"• Clay ft., room 1.
. PIA.VOS AM) ORGAAS.
>PaF.T of cur list c£ bargains la secund-haci '
p.tsos for September. l»03:
Original
Price. Now. j
I MAJESTIC—
Walnut case, medium ell*. 7 1-3
*octa\e£, three pedal*. lull swinging •
• l-.c; rack, lateet design, good cca-
.C;t»c« $350 $22J
• S -EMERSONS—
•Two In wainut cares and one in
.oek. email e:ie, carved pane!*,
tnree pedals, 7 1-3 octaves, fine con-
dition, each • 370 223 ;
. 1 FISCHER—
-. M&hcgar.y csse. large »!ze, 7 1-3
octaves, nee cendition. thoroughly
recovatel. cannot be toli from a
.ntw piano 373 223:
1 RICHMOND—
Mahogany csse, large else. lateet
'CtlVie, three pedals. 7 1-3 octaves.
" t.._t.o: r. attachment, aimcet new.. 300 240 j
• i C. A. STONE & CO.—
Waltut case. meiJiura size, full
, swing. r.g rr.utic rack, thoroughly
i> :. and equai tu sew 350 250
1 ESTEY—
tXeJmtt ca?e. medium size, 7 1-3
'octaves, in gocd condition 400 2Z0 '
1 BI'.UENN—
• JValsat cs.se. cabinet grand. 7 1-3
•ctaveg, thoroughly renovated and
ex;ual to new «... 430 2fO i
Compete list furnished en, application at i
. cvr etcre. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
<~nrr.'-r Kosrrv «-(' Put'er Ft*.
1'ERSOXALS.
"A— FACIAL BLEMISHES REMOVED.
. %Vrir.kle«, yellow ar.d Cabby skin, birthmark?. '
tma!!r>cx i :',::r.ef and years scientifically r*- j
J%r ¦¦ ¦ . without catting. rr.asESse. electricity cr .
rr-oclclnes: special demcnFtrttions this week. <
' Call cr wrl:> VH. L WILLIAMS. 371 Gf-ary. j
THE Star Ha!r Remedy rc-Ftores gray fcalr. lrn- •
proves Its growth, stops falling, cures dandruff i
• ar.fi ltchins scal;i; no stain or rtickiness; j
cleanses scalp; at druggists', hairdrcssf-rs' ;ac- j
cept no substitute. £tar Iiemedy Co..l33s Polk. •
PATRIOTS desiring President Roosevelt's Call- ;
fornia speeches can have me sent to their
adirew by remitting IS cents. V. THOMP-
SON. 251 Grant ave.. San Francisco. CaL
BRACK — Prciresycr Martin, graduate -masseur
d the Imperial University Hospital. Vienna.
; OTfice 224 Starr K:r.g tlig.. 121 Gear}'. Tel.
Exchange 216.
JCOT £cw cheao but how good is the motto of
the manufacturers cZ the Rapid Rotary
gtcr.'isrd. the sewing-marhine of to-day. J.
. W. EVA3C8. asent, 1021 Market st. I
PHYSICIAN, 15 years' experience, cures per-
• rcancntly morphine, coeoair.e habit. Call or ¦
• efidree* Central Pharmacy. 2^1 Grant ave., !
"oorr.rr Sutter »t-: fee moderate.
RAG rarxx-ts wove to order and for sale; al?o |
cbenille-wove rugs, .silk jjortieres; dealer in '
carpet twin*. !n hack cr chain, at lowest I
rates. G-< . Matthews. 'W Fifth st., Oakland. {
DRUNKENNESS, rcorrhine »nd sll 6ni dls- [
eases positively cured by Willow Bark Co.. i
1SS9 Polk «. : <-cri*-.aMatlon free; call or writ*, j
REMOVAL — DR. W. C. BTRATTON has 7J- j
tnoved Me eCOea from 225S Misnicn et. to |
• rocE- 8 S73 and 57 «. Parrott fcldg. < Emporium), j
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday and j
Bunday ever.ings at Teutor.Ia Hall. Howard
• tt.. near Ninth; management Prcf. Foster.
. AT less than cost, uncalled for ruits. overcoats
and trou*er» at CIURLES LTO.NS'. London
• Taller. 721 Market *t.
ZLEGANT salts on easy Installment*: 50 cen's
and un per week. LEON LEMOS. 1127
Market ft., between Seventh and Eighth.
LIQUOR habit cured! W» guarantee to cure t
the llauor habit in 2 days or r.o charges. !
Acme Liquor Cure Co.. 'Ml il»rk»t. r. 202.
ANDERSON— Elegant theatrical ani m&equer-
e/ie costumes rented. 20 O'Ftrrell Ft.
EUfTS to order on Installments. $1 per week.
Neuhaus & Co.. merch.tallcrs.T27-723 Market.
CUPEIlFLUOUS balr & moles removed ty elr* -
•trie i.w<;je. Dr. & Mrs.Tra^erse.1170 Mark"-
THE best place to buy rood umbrellas or
ha%'e them covered or repaired Is 120 Stockton.
ACL etylef halrdresslr.g 25c; balr rood*', mani-
curing. 25c. G. LEDEREIt. 123 Stocktcn «t.
TAILOR-MADE ru!t $7 60; dress pants $2 50. j
Miff.t Clothing Parlor.cor. Bush and Duponu j
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wifrs.
country crdtrs. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt. ;
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
• hair to its natural color; $1; at all druggists'.
Sur«Tffuou* hair and moles removed wltb elec-
tr-lc net-dip. Mrt. & M!y» Eaton. 1119 Sutter.
rAPERUAAGIXG. PAIVTIXG. ETC.
ROOMS paprrcd. $3 f>0 up; tinting, painting.
Hsrttrar.n Pairt Of... S19 34 «t.:tel.Maln 413.
PUVSICIAXS A\O MUCEOSS.
VR xS r^ : °"«JXNELLZo7nee BJid^resldene^
IC2i^ Market B t.. bet. eth and 7th; partlcu-
• Ur attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD. *kla er-.d rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073^ Market et.
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor;
treats all diseases cf the human body fc
part four yearn at 115-117 Mason; now lo-
cated at CC7 G<*ary Bt,. pear Leavenworth.
'DR. TONG PO CIIY. successor to Dr. Li Po
TaL herb doctor; cures all diseases of human
by Ufe of herbs end teas. T27 Washington Bt.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctoi- — All dis-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 7*6-8 Clay st.
ItEAL ESTATE- — CITY— FOR SALE.
G. II. UMBSEN* & CO.. 20 Montgomery" St.
AUCTION. vS'r-'
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
_. , AUCTION.
Of Investment, residence and unimproved, prop-
erties will be held at our salesroom MONDAY,
October 12, 1903, at 12 o'clock noon.
REFEREE SALE.
No. 773-5-7 Bush Bt., between Powell and
Maton; improvements consist of 3 flats of 5-5-11
rooms and bath each: rents $78 per month; lot
22x54; sutiject to confirmation by the Superior
Court.
W. K. VAN ALEN ESTATE.
EXECUTOR' S SALE.
No*. 912-14 Pine et., bet. Mason and Taylor
sts.; improvements consist of 2 substantial
dwellings of 14-22 rooms and bath each; rents
1138 per month; an excellent location for an
apartment house or hotel; lot 55x155; subject
to confirmation by the Superior Court. :..'¦-.•
ELLEN GALLAGHER ESTATE.
EXECUTOR'S SALE. : V
Xo. 405 Gough st. and No. 317 Ivy ave., bet.
Hayes and Fell sts.; Improvements consist of
two bouses of 7-10 rooms and bath each and
cottage of 4 rooms; all in good order and
steadily rented for f'MX) per annum; lot 30x75;
subject to confirmation by the Superior Court.
NINTH-STREET CORNER.
NE. cor. of Ninth and Tehama ets., bet.
Howard and Folsom sts.; choice building lot,
2T.xSrt; this corner is admirably situated on one
ot the coming business streets and a short dis-
tance from Market, Hayes and Laxkin sts.
CHOICE MISSION FLATS.
Nos. 3381-3 Twenty-fourth St., nr. Dolores; 2
modern, well-built Hats of 4-6 rooms and bath
each; rent* low. $33 per month; lot 25x100.
CHOICE MISSION INVESTMENT.
Nos. 134-8 Fourteenth Bt.. Nv line, nr. How-
ard; good substantial improvements, consist of
4 front flats of 4-5 rooms and bath each and 2
flats of 4 rooms and bath each in rear court;
rents J10S per month: ail In perfect order and
steadily rented: lot 3Sxl56.
\ PARTITION SALE. ,
NE. co\of Twelfth and Harrison sts.; un-
improved lot, 50x100.
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT.
Nos. 66-8 Rausch st. and No. G68 Clementina
tt.. bet. Howard and Folsom, Seventh and
Eighth; improvements consist of 2 flats of 5-6
rocms and bath each and 3 tenements of 4-5
rooms each; rents f&S 50 per month; 25x112:6.
with L 25x32; two frontages.
M1SSION-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
No. 3241 Mission st.. E. line, close to the
Junction of Mission and Valencia; improve-
ments consist of cotatge of 5 rooms and bath;
lot 4SsSO.
MISSION HOME.
No. 1004 Sanchez St.. bet. Twenty-third and
Twenty-fourth; a splendid two-story bay-
window dwelling cf 9 rooms and bath; lot
25x100.
CHOICE MISSION HOLDINGS.
Twenty-fourth St.. N. line, bet. Valencia and
Mission; 4 choice building lots, 27:6 and 35x75;
two corners.
ALSO
No. 2SS Bartlett St., nr. Twenty-fourth; im-
provements consist o* a two-story frame dwell-
ing of 10 rooms and bath, arranged and rented
6.- two flats; rents (42 per month; lot 36x117:6;
two frontages.
McMAHON ESTATE.
ADMINISTRATOR'S SALE.
The following two lots must be sold to close
the above estate:
No. 1.
Central ave.. E. line. bet. Clay and Wash-
ing-ton »ts. ; unimproved lot, 30x100.
No. 2.
Clay st., N. line. bet. Lyon and Central ave.;
unimproved lot, 25x90; subject to confirmation
by the Superior Court.
For catalogue and further particulars apply,
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery st.
$1400 — MODERN cottage; 5 rooms and bath;
city water; lot 50x100; J150 cash, $25 month.
J40O — Lot 4UX133: near electric cars.
$450 — Cabin. 1 room; lot 32x125: near station.
*350— Lot 40x100; fenced; $10 month.
$1200 — House, 5 rooms; barn; well; mac-
adam.
$2000 — Two-story house, etore and 11 rooms;
city water and well; broad street; macadam-
ized.
$1500 — 5-room cottage; redwood finish: elec-
tric lights; hot and cold water; easy payments.
$23<ft) — A natural park of about 1 acre, with
fine oak trees, ravine and superb views; near
university grounds and new hot«I site.
$2.">00 — Two-story 9-rcom house; barn, chick-
en *hods, well, fruit trees; grazing land ad-
Jclnir.jr: lot 155x207; easy payments.
CHAS. A. BAILEY, 1050 University ave.,
ntar Pan Pablo ave.. West Berkeley.
$250 DOWN and $25 per month; new cottage.
5 r . & b. : lot 30x150. Cottage. 4 r. & b. for
$2100; 27th St.; sunny cottage. 5 r. &. b. ; 2Sth;
$lbOC — It will pay vou to look at these snaps.
D. COFFIN & CO.. 3303 Mission'st.
NEAT cottage with modern improvements;
terms same - as paying rent. Apply owner.
Lumber yard. S. E. corner Alabama and
Montcalm sts.
BUILD en your unimproved realty; we loan
full cost improv. and part lot at 6 per cent.
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker building.
FINE income flats on Fulton, near City Hall;
reasonable. Inquire 142 Fulton Ft., owner.
CHEAPEST and best In America — The Weekly
Call. 1G pages, sent to any address In. tn«
United States or Canada on* year for $1.
REAL ESTATE Country — For Sale.
WANTED — To sell end exchange, fruit, grain
and stock farms; city and town property:
no matter where located; sale* made and
traJes adjusted on ground floor basis; no
delavs. INTERNATIONAL BROKERAGE
ASSN.. Inc.. 330 Pine st.
$275" — 120 ACRES: 000 range; sell or lease.
f'J'5: orchard and vineyard b«?st In State;
can visit city and return same day; 3}j miles
to town; old age reason for selling. J. W.
E.. box 40CQ. Call office.
2 ACRES land, adjoining Union Park. Colma:
fenced hedges around land; good house;
chicken-houses, water; reasonable; chickens,
ducks. R. S. THORNTON. 41G Examiner bid.
ALALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards.
vir.evards; inspected bargains: monthly cata-
logue? sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 648
Market st.
LUMBER land— 000 acres redwood Jimber land
trlth new sawmill in Sonoma County vlll be
sold at a. bargain. Box 4O6»5, Call.
FOR poultry and dairy ranches, yielding a good
profit. HAMILTON & KKNDRICK.Petaluma.
POI.\T RICHMOND REAL ESTATE.
WATER front lou and bargains: all tracts:
maps, photos, etc. BELL. 417 Parrott bldg.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
ALAMEDA FCRMSHED HOUSES.
FOR rent — Nicely furnished house in Alameda;
reasonable to responsible party; owner leav-
ing for the East. Address box C 832. Call.
BERKELEF ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
CHENEY & BERRY'S SPECIALS.
$7500_CO0 feet on Claremont ave.; will sell
this as a whole or in lots of 100 feet frontage.
$650 — Bonta ave.; hillside lot, 50x175; ma-
rine view; f-naj..
Factory fite on water front and railroad;
West Berkeley; $10 per front foot. -
$3350 — C-room house, new; near car line;
street wcrk done; easy terms.
10 lots near Grove st. ; $100 to $500; Install-
ments.
COO feet on water front and railroad. West
Berkeley, for sale; Just the place for a factory.
CHENEY J BERRY.
P. O. Block, Berkeley.
J. J. MASON.
Real Estate and Insurance Agent.
Choice Property a Specialty.
EE ear. Shattuck ave. and Center *l.
Berkeley. Cal. .
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAXD REAL ESTATE.
BEATS f7)RECLOSURE "SALE. ~" ~"
$^4jO— Riire opportunity to secure fine 8-
room house; new; never occupied; buyer can
move in at once; price reduced ficm $3750;
owner n?ui>t get $S50 cash to meet coming ob-
ligations; in rapidly growing district on 37th
St., near Telegraph ave.; near new ferry sys-
tem that soon starts.
Win the party who ma<3e verbal offer of
$3700 please call again or send address, and
oblige.
S. M. DODGE & SON.
1160 BROADWAY
ALSO AGEXTS FOR THE REALTY SYN-
DICATE PROPERTIES AND B PER CENT
INTEREST-BEARING CERTIFICATES.
A NICE home; here's one you ought to buy if
you are locking for a cheap and good one and
plenty of ground; only a coxy cottage of 2
rooms; good well of water; fine chicken run;
a grand fruit orchard; Improvements thrown
in; the epot Is an ideal one; away from
winds and tog, adjoining East Oakland; it
large lots fenced; 13(3x225; here's a bargain;
price all told. $1100; $350 cash, $10 monthly;
fine school: eaey walk to cars. 100 Jeet from
a 75-foot wide avenue. Call or send for cir-
cular, 4.15 Seventh st.. opp. Broadway sta-
tion. Oakland; carriage free. H. Z. JONES,
owner.
OAKLAXD^FURMTUnB FOR SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains in furni-
ture. IL Scbellhaas. 11th st-.cor.store.Oaklnd.
PALMI9THY.
MME. DEVAS — Scientific palmist and astrolo-
glst. Palm readings $1. Hours 10 to 12 asd
'1: to 5, and Tuesday evenings/ 139- Post at
H. . JEROME.' FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 015
Taylor st., near Geary. Phone- Black 561.
SPECIAL' KOTICgS. - ¦
Ladies'. 1 , Chichester's English Pennyroyal Pills
are best; safe, reliable; take no other. Send 4c
¦\ stamps for particulars.- "Relief for Ladies"
In letter by return mall. Ask your druggift
Chichester Chemical Co.." Philadelphia. Pa.
specialists; •; ' >¦¦* *
CATARRH, DEAFNESS and NOISES In EARS
'> positively cured r new method f l week's treat-
Tnent free. Dr. Cottlngham. 204 Sutter «t.
| STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
A— EMPORIUM Storage^ & Van Co. ; furniture.
; household gods stored, moved, shipped. 723-
731 Howard «t.,near Third; phone. Grant 161.
PIERCE-RODOLPH- Storage & Moving Co.. of-
fice Post_andPowellsta ; j_te2 : JPriv : JEx : Bi71.
CONKLIN'S Storage— Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333GoldenGatea^ : j_£h£ne_Eastl2C :
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made; 840
Mission et. ; tel. Howard 941. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage uind Furniture Moving Com-
j pany. 2320 Fillnyire St.; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van andfstoraire Co., 11 Montgomery
et.: tel. Main lafrO. Shipping at cut rates.
STl'TTEHIKO A_ XD -P?/*???? 131 * 111 ***:
MELBOURNE School, Van Ness-Market— Cure
in every case; individual teaching; no medi-
cine Inquire into wonderful cures; home cure.
! TYPEWRITERS AX P^SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYFEWRITERS^-We
¦ell better machines for less money, than any
' house In the city; rentals $3. Tbe Typewriter
Exchange. 038 California; telephone Mala 280.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each; get par-
ticulars. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
gemery ct. ; "
2D-HAXD typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Inspec. Co.. 60S Market.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday:
Micnael J. McEHtgQtt. 27, 1275 Folsoni
street, and Mary L. Bre\n. 24. city.
Nicholas Balfe, 30, 421H Brannan street,
and Mary Bi2arra, 30, 421% Brannan street.*"
George T. Williams, 23, 102 Ellis Street, and
Annie J. Twohey, 22. 72 Juniper street.
Bernard M. Breeden. 21, L>ea Molnes, la,,
and Gertrude M. Sullivan. 18, city.
Harry H. D. Groot. 2«, Logansport, Ind., and
Flora Klaus, 26, 3330 Sutter street.
Louis C. Gebhardt, 40,' city, and Kane Levy,
40. city.
Henry F. Wagner, 21, city, and Jean S.
Walker. 21, city.
William E. Lods, 26, 120 Diamond street,
and Maud E. White, 10, 154 Clara street.
Austacio Bruckmann, 43, Napa, and Mary
G. Pike. 49, Naoa.
Ferdinand Fetter, 21. city, and Annie R.
Northrup. 21, city.
Harry E. Lcssley, 27, Glen Blair, and Emma
V. Glbsi>n. 2S, Eureka. .
William It. Crummey, 27, cltj'. and May A.
Tufts. 27, city.
Lawrence T. Hourihan, 29, 230 Minna street,
and Mary A. Foudy. 25, 813 Guerrero street.
Paul C. Gallc>, 2tt. 507 Pine street, and
Claire Aurade. 25. 2133 Fillmore street.
Harry 'Rolfe, 21, 650 Mission street, and
Theodora Celaya, 18, 775 Mission street.
George Meyer, 30. 40 West Mission street,
and Anna Broder. 30. 1540 Polk street.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the Dublication offices and b«
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
DYER— In this city, October 1, 1903, to the
wife of 1). E. Dyer, a son.
MEYERS— Iti this city. October 4. 1003. to the
wife of James A. Meyer*, a son.
STRUSS — In thin city. September 6. 1903, to
the wife of William Struss Jr., a son.
MARRIED.
CORVN— HAMPTON^In this city, at the
First United Preebytertaji Church, October 3,
lOtO, by the Rev. H. H. Bell, Bertram Coryn
of San Francisco and Ethel Hampton of San
Luis Oblspo, Cal.
HALKETT— MORTON— In this city, at the
First United Presbyterian Church, October
8. 1003, by the Rev. II. H. Bell, A,ndrew
Donaldson Hutkett and Maggie Carson Mor-
ton. Both cf San Francisco.
NICKELSEN— HEN.KEL— In this city. Octo-
ber 3, 1W03, by the Rev. J. H. - Schroeder,
Nickels Nickelsen and Adolheld Henkel.
I RODIXSON— HARRIS— In this city, October
C, 1003. at Miipah Presbyterian Church, by
the Rev. Frederick A. Doane, William Rob-
inson a:.d Mamie Harris, both of San Fran-
cteco.
I DIED.
! Attenborough. Emma. Hopkins, Peter
Baker, Annie Howard. John
Blundon, Joseph W. Jolliff. Louise
Bode (infant) Lehrke. I)crathea
Hohen, Benjamin F. McCannon. Thomas
Brown, Clara McMartln, Edward
Coffey, John J. McMulIln. James
Corbett, Bridget Maloon, Harry O.
Cordes, Jacob H. Meyers, James A.
Dapelo. Louie Nowdevha, Mary A."
Elmqulst, Julia M. O'Conneil, Ellen
Ferguson, Wm. H. Plummer, Either
Orace, Joseph Samuels, Barnett
Gschwind. Remi Schaefer. Mary
Hahn, John W. Scott, Malcolrg ,
Haller. Ella N. Sprague, Herbert A.
Harnatt, Thomas Stecher, Otto
Hean*y, Thomas F. Tully, Electy
Hopkins, Mrs. Man'
ATTi:NBOROC«H— In this city. October 7.
11103, Emma M., beloved wife of Ht\nry W.
Attenborough, a native of New York, aged
27 years 4 months and 2<) days.
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
the United Undertckers, 8CU Mission street,
between Fourth and Fifth. Interment pri-
vate. Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
BAKER— In the City and, County Hospital.
October 7, 11H)3, Annie Baker, a native of
England, a«ced 45 years.
I'.LUNDON— In Martinez. Contra Casta Ccunty,
; October <5, 1803. Joseph W.. husband of Car-
rie M. Blundon, beloved, father of Flora M.
and Maud O. Blundon, and brother of Corbiii
Blundon of Oakland, a native of Maryland,
aged 45 yeans.
ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully mvitedt to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 1 o'clock,' from the parlors of
the Unltca Undertakers, SCO Mission street,
lxjtween Fourth and Fifth. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery, by 2:3O o'clock train from
Third and Townsend streets.
BODE— In this city, October 6, 1003. . infant
daughter of Fred and Lena Bode, and sluttr
of Otto, Emma, Freddie. Albert, Melba and
Carl Bode, a native of San Francisco, aged
3 months and 25 days.
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Thursday,
October 8, at 1:30 o'clock, from her parents'
residence. 1138 Harrison street, between
v Seventh and Eighth. Interment Laurel Hill
CtmeUry.
BOHEN— In this city, October 6, 1903, Benja-
min Franklin Bohen, a native of Baltimore.
Md.. aged 70 years.
ITJ"rhe funeral will take place to-day
(Thuralay). at 10:30 o'clock, from his late
resident e. 920 Grove street. Interment Holy
Cn-f s Cemetery, by electric funeral car from
Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
BROWN— In thla city. October 5, 1303, Clara
Brown, wife of William Brown, and slater
of Mrs. J. Whitney and John Samsom, a na-
tive of California, aged 21> years.
ICTNjtiio of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of J. C. O'Connor- & Co., 7t>7
Mission street, between Third and Fourth.
COFFEY— In this city, October 0/1003, John
J., beloved husband of Nettie Coffey, and
father of Eva. Coffey, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 37 years 2 months and 9 days.
ETTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
tThursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 2000 Twenty-first street, thence to
t3t. Peter's Church, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul »t » o'clock. Interment Holy Croos
. Cemetery,
CORBETT— In this city. October 6, 1003, Brid-
get, beloved wife of Malachl Corbett. loving
mother of Edward, John, James, Annie and
William Corbett and Mrs. Robert Welsptel.
and beloved aunt of Mrs. Edward Herald
and Miss Kate Murray, a native of Taugh-
maconnell, County Roscommon, Ireland, aged
05 years 3 months and 15 days. :
E7"Frlend8 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Kriday), at h:15 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence.- 1211 Stevenson street, between Her-
mann and Brady, thence to St. Joseph's
Church, where a solemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her eoul
at 8) o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
CORDES— In Eerkeley, October 7. 1903. Jacob-
H.". beloved husband of Henrike Cordes, "and
father of • Anna, Adele, John,* Herman and
Lilly Cordes and Mrs. C. Rohde, a native of
Bremervorde, Germany, aged 72 years 5
months and 20 days.
CjPFrlends are respectfully invited to at-
tetad the funeral services Friday, October 3,
1903. at 2 o'clock, at his late residence. 1324
ATlv t^i-cTT^RM KN'l'S,
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
of the
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
CALEDONIAN
INSURANCE COMPANY
OP EDINBURGH. SCOTLAND, on the SUt
day of December, A. D. 1902, and for th«
year ending on that day. as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Califor-
nia, pursuant to the provisions of Sections 610
and 611 of tho Political Code, condensed as
rer blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company.. |427,S54 07
Cash Market Value cf all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company.. 977,225 00
Cash in Company's Office 3.369 3*
Cash in Banks 102.5S9 S3
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 10,^7 43
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
Bills receivable." "no't Matured.
taken for Fire and Marine Risks 343 03
Dub from other Companies for Re-
insurance on losses already paid. 6.108 00
Total Xsset» * $1.693,411 27
LIABILITIES. ~ ~~~
Losses adjusted and unpaid $37,372 S7
Losses in process of Adjustment
or In Suspense °2'i' J) ~
Losses resisted. Including expenses. 7,600 5*
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or Uss. $753,166 59;
reinsurance 50 per cent 3.6,583 20
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than cne year. $827.-
4«7 OS: reinsurance pro rata... 448.0.1 82
All other liabilities 70.514 83
Total Liabilities $393,029 01
f INCOME.
., c . cash actually received for
Fire premiums $1,041,163 13
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans and
from all other sources 44.07S 81
Received for Rents 18,974 2«
Received for profits on realization
cf investments 3,396 37
Total Income .$1.108,611 37
EXPENDITUP.E3. ~~
Net amount t>aid for Fire Losse*
(including $156,551 19. losses of
previous years) $596, CCO 44
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 230,144 27
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.. 82,063 57
Paid for State. National and Local
Taxes 23,613 93
All other payments and expendi-
tures 64.443 50
Total Expenditures $1,007,881 82
Flra. ~~
Losses Incurred during the year.. $541,173 01
Risks and Premlums.jFlre Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks I
written during the!
jew. $131,805,338 $1,458,3SS 33
Net amount of Risks
' expired during the
year.. -• 146,130.727 1,663,194 33
Net amount In force
December 31. 1902. . 154.153,921 1.580.633 67
CHAS. " H. POST. U. S. Manager.
N. A. McNElL. Asst. Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 23th
day of January. 1903. II. E. FRANCK.
Notary Public.
PACIFIC COAST~DEPARTMENT.
THOS. J. CONROY, Manager,
6E0. W. BROOKS, Assistant Manager,
323 CAUT0BNIA STBEET,
SAN FRANCISCO.
feALFOUR, GUTHRIE & CO..
Pacific Coast Directors.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIBS
OF THE
MANCHESTER
ASSURANCE COMPANY
OF MANCHESTER. ENGLAND. ON THE
31st day of December. A. D. 1902. and
for the year ending on that day, as made t >
the Insurance Commissioner of the State of
California, pursuant to the provisions of Sec-
tions 610 and 611 of the Political Code, con-
densed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner.
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company.. $4,500 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company. 1,326.660 0O
Cash In Company's Office 2,158 34
Cash In Banks 29.S34 52
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 8,324 17
Premiums in due Course of Col-
lection STS. 853 02
Bills receivable, not Matured,
taken for Fire and Marine Risks. 193 40
Total Assets $1.<C9.534 43
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $34,234 19
Losses in process of Adjustment
• or in Suspense 52.128 7fl
Losses resisted, including expenses. 37,345 33
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
nicg one year or less, $1,000,-
871 S3; reinsurance 5O per cent.. B43.433 92
Gro*s premiums on Fire Risks run- m
nlnz more than one year, $968.-
2S7 24- reinsurance pro rata... PflO.SKl 05
All other liabilities 77,135 IS
1 Total Liabilities $1,247,162 43
INCOME. ~~ '
Xet ' cash actually received for
Fire premiums $1.360,144i M
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks. Loans and
from all other sources 43.45S IS
Total Income $1,412,603 C«
EXPENDITURES.
Set amount paid for Fire Losses
(Including $173,022 81. losses of "
previous years) $304,331 37
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 273.870 SI
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc. 112.337 73
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes - ••• <=.«S 74
All outer payments and expendi-
tures 1C3.3SD 45
Total Expenditures .I1.341.2SS 30
""' Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year. ..$741.3S1 10
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. } Preminms.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
yeax $153.9S3.237i$2.C00.<M4 80
Net amount of Risks
expired during: the
year A 174,001.440 2. COS. 701 38
Ket amownt In force
December 81. 19O2-. 176.979.02J 2.059.130 0»
GEO. S. A. "YOUNO. V. S. Manaxer.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this
29th day of January. 1903.
EDWIN F. COREY.
Commissioner for California In New Tot's.
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT,
THOS. J. CONROY, Manager,
6E0. W. BROOKS, Assistant Manager,
323 CAUFOBNIA STBEET,
SAN FRANCISCO.
BALFOUR, GUTHRIE & CO.,/
Pacific Coast Directors. /
REAL ESTATE: CITY — FOR SALE.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO » ~ ~~~*
i ; • * 63S MARKET ST.
auction . . • ; . .
' * AUCTION.
TUESDAY .-.. ;. .October 13. 1903
At our salesrooms. 638- Market St..
At 12 o'clock noon.. ¦ - '{ -.' "
HOLYROOD. HOTEL BUS,H:ST. '
North line of Bush st. 145 feet east of Tay-
lor; No. 820; lpt 32:§xl37:6; improvements,
new hotel known as the Holyrood; built nln«
months ago; contains 70 sunny rooms, billiard
and dining rooms, 14 bathrooms, 5-story brick
and frame bldg.; modern In every respect; elec-
tric elevator;- telephones in each room;", rent"
under secured lease, - $450 ' per ! month ; . tenant
pays water bills all repairs etc.
MISSION-Sf . BUSINESS CORNER.
Southwest coYner Mission and Mary sts., bet.
Eth and eth, running through, to Minna; lot
C7: 6x100 feet; Impts. four frame bldgs.; rents
J250 per month; could easily be Increased ;- 3 j
stores, hall for lodge purposes, dwellings; MIs-
slon-Rt. corners are scarce ' .1
SECOND-ST. MANUFACTURING SITE.
Northwest corner Second and Silver sts.; 70
ft. frontage on Second st. by 90 ft deep, irreg-
ular; this property will double in value inside
of a year, as Second ~«t.. is destined to become
the principle street in this entire district.
LEAVENWGRTH-ST. INVESTMENT. Jji
West line of Leavenworth st. , 54 ft south of
Ellis; 83:0 ft frontage through to rear street;
improvements consist of 4 2-story dwellings, al-
ways rented; do not miss this magnificent op-
portunity. . !
TO CLOSE ESTATH OF HENRY CASANOVA.
South line of 27 tk st.. SO ft. east of Noe;
large parcel of land.V 150x114 ft. ; Jf thla prop- !
erty was subdivided Into building lots a hand-
some revenue could be realized
RICHMOND COTTAGE.
Southerly line of Pt Lobos ave. 107 ft.
east of 9th ave.. being No. 1917; lot 25x100
ft.; a very fine cottage 6 sunny rooms and
bath, high finished basement, stable in rear. '
CLAY-ST. FLATS.
,, South line of Clay St., east of Baker; Nos.
o023. 3025; two elegant frame flats, 5 and 6
rooms and bath; 1 rents very low at $55
month; building newly painted and in perfect
order; lot 27:6xS5 feet.
MISSION BUILDING SITE.
West line of Mission «t. 99 ft. north of 14th,
thence 09x170 feet through to Jessie St., irreg-
. ular; this property is situated In a parttcular-
; ly desirable block on Mission st.; fine location
for stores and apartment house.
MISSION COTTAGE— ALSO BLDG, LOTS.
Southwest corner Church and 21st sts.; lot
50:10xlli ft.; impts. consist of 0 rooms and bat*
cottage; good plumbing, etc.
Alto 4 desirable lots ready for building on
southerly line of 21st st. : 50:10 south of,
ChurcM st.; 25:5^x114 feet.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.,
633 Market st.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A ST. JAMES, McAllister and Laguna — Fur-
nished sunny suite, with separate sunny
kitchen; gas range; all complete for houae-
keeping; $15 up. '
ANTLERS. 415 Turk st. — Strictly modern. 4-5
rocm apartments; fur, or. unfur. for Kskpg.
BUCHANAN, C05 — Large alcove room and
kitchen for housekeeping.
ELEVENTH, 230 — Two sunny housekeeping
rooms, with gas; quiet house; no children.
FOURTH. 225 — Nice housekeeping rcoms; also
single.
HERBERT (The) — Suany apartments for
housekeeping; gas ranges; Just newly fur-
nished. 1530 Polk st.
KEARNY. 104 — Sunny front suite, $11, unfur-
nithed: no children.
OAK, 117 — Nicely furnished suites; gas^range,
hot bath, laundry; $2 25 a week up; adults.
— %
SEVENTH. 191— Housekeeping rooms; nice
bay-window rooms.
STOCKTON. 1206, Model House — Front rooms,
new furnished. $5; phone, gas, bath, sunny.
TEHAMA. 43— Two sunny housekeeping rooms.
THE Glllesple. 119 Ninth st.— Nicely furnished
rooms. $1 50 to $3 per week; phone; quiet.
TWENTY-THIRD. 3720, near Dolores — 3 sunny
bay-window rooms; nice, neat, complete.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements #nd
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. *
APARTMENTS FOR HOfSEKEEPIXG.
EL MONTEREY, the city's newest apartment
hotel, located on the north side of Pine St.,
between Hyde and Leavenworth; a superb
brick building of Spanish architecture; all
the comforts of housekeeping combined .with
the conveniences of hotel life; prices very
reasonable. «
ROOMS TO LET—Fnrn. «ndL_ J?P/.°TP;
A — BRUNSWICK House. 14S Sixth — Rooms
25c to $1 per night, $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rocms; open all night.
ALTON, 204 McAllister st. — Large sunny cor-
ner bay-window rooms fronting City Hall;
' good for two; also other rooms; gas; phone.
AT "The Almonte." S73 Market St. (or No. 1
Fifth et.) — Rooms, 25c, 50c. $1. $1 00 night;
$1 50 to $10 week; house open all-clght.
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rooms, suite, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, ccr. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
FILLMORE. 1010 — Swell furnished parlor suite
with piano; lower floor; one single room; rent
reasonable.
GRAND Southern, 7th and Mission— Rooms 50e
to $1 50 night: $1 to $3 week; readlng-Toom.
HYDE. M0, near Sutter — Large furnished
' room; $0.
MISSION. 1514. near 11th — Large sunny front
room; smaller one $1 50 per week.
ROYAL House, 128 Ellis— Incandescent lights,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor: rooms per night. 35c to $1 50; week, $2
to $S; month. fS to $30; elevator on ground
Boor: rooms withyhot and cold water; baths.
THE FALMOUTH, 1»49A Market st. ; furnished
rooms; hot and cold water; elevator; central.
UNITED STATES, 123 Eddy St., near Market—
. 400 single and family rooms; 35c to $1 night;
$1 75 to SO w«-ek; elevator; electric lights;
reading-room: free bu« and baggage.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d st.. near "Market—
Meet convenient and. respectable: 700 rooms;
85c to $1 50 night; $2 to $8 week: elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus; baggage.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10U6
Valencia st.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
ELEGANT large sunny alcove room; also an-
other; gas, bath, running water: flrst-clas*
board: private family; no -children; phone.
1224 Golden Gate ave. |
CENTRAL, 95, cor! Haight— New midern. '
.sunny flat; new furniture; rooms single or
en suite; most desirable.
STEVENSON Mansion. S07 California St. — At-
tractive and sightly rooms; best table and
service; lowest rates.
.VAN NES3 ave.. 1714-r-Private boarding-house,
home like, everything first class; sunny
guites: single rooms; choice locality; ref.
ROOSIS AND BOARD WANTED.
RELIABLE young man wants board In nice
family; Spanish lessons In return. Box 4041,
Call. ¦
GENTLEMAN wants board and room, with
or without board. In a musical family, where
no other boarders are kppt. Box ;'.517. Call.
DIVIDEND \UTICUS.
OFFICE ot Sierra Railway Company of Cali-
fornia. No. 229 Crocker bldg., San Fran-
• Cisco, Cal., Oct. 1, 1903 — Coupon No. 13, due
Oct. 12, 1D03, from first mortgage 6 per cent
bends, of the Sierra Railway Company cf
California, will be paid at the fiscal agency
of this company, the Crocker- Woolworth Na-
tional Bank of Ean Francisco, Cal.. on and
after that date.
S. D. FRESHMAN. Treasurer.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— The Giant Powder Com-
pany, Con. — A dividend. No. C8. of fifty
cents (5Gc) per share on the Issued capital
dock of the company has been declared, pay-
able at the office of «the company, rooms 202-
204-20rt Hay ward building, San Francisco, on
October 10. 1903. Transfer' books c'ose Octo-
ber 3. 1903. C. C. QUINN. Secretary.
LEGAL ADVERTIfcEMKXTS.
CUSTOM-HOUSE. San Francisco. Sept. 30,
iy(j3 — Notice — :Certaln Roods : remaining: one
year In bonded warehouse will be sold at
public auction at the United States Ap-
praiser's store on the 23d of October. 1903.
at 10 o'clock a. m. Descriptive catalogues
can be had at the Custom-house on October
17, 1903 or at the time and place of tale.
W. B. HAMILTON, Special Deputy Collector
of Customs. .-
NOTICE is hereby given that the partnership
existing between the undersigned is dissolved
from this date by mutual consent. GEORGE
E. BUTLER, DIXWELL HEWITT. AH lia-
bilities of the firm are assumed by GEORGE
K. BUTLER. Ean Francisco, Oct. I, , 1003.
NEW HOMU sewing macniue, this week only,
$10. $16, $20; slightly used: needles 20c doz.
NEW HOME S.;M. CO.. 1051 Market st.' ! •;-
CTThe funeral will take place to-day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 2210 Broderick street, thence to
St. Dominic's Church, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
HOWARD— In the City and County Hospital.
October 7, 1003. John Howard, a native of
New Ycrk. aged 70 years.
JOLLIFF— In Nlles. Alameda County, Cal..
October 7. 19C3. Louise, beloved wife of Wil-
liam Jolliff. beloved daughter of Mrs. Louise
Etewart. and sister of Mrs. J. Boyd, a na-
tive or Norway, aged 30 years 2 months and
2 days.
LEHRKE— In this city, October 7, 1903. Dora-
thea Lehrke, beloved mother of Christiau
Lehrke and the late Henry and William
Ltbrke and Mrs. Ratzswlll. a native of Ger-
many, aged 8S years 11 months and 1 day.
[EXFuneral and Interment private.
McCANNON— In this city. October 2, 1003,
Thomas McCannon, a native of Canada.
C7RemaIns at Charles J. B. Metxler's un-
dertaking parlors. 630 Washington street. ! .
McMARTIN — In this city, October 7, 1903.
Edward H. McMartin. beloved husband of
Sarah P. McMartln. and father of Edward
F., Alfonso F. and Clifford McMartln, a na-
tive of Buffalo, N. Y.-; aged 6tt years.
C7 Remains at the funeral parlors of the
H. F. MaasM Company, 917 Mission street.
McMULLIN — In this city. October 7. 1003,
James McMulIln, a native of Ireland, aged
35 ye'ors.
MALOON— In Oakland. October 6. 1008, at 201
B street, Harry Orrln, beloved son cf Harry
Orrin ind Catherine Maloon, a native of
Oakland, C> aged 4 years 3 months and 23
days.
MEYERS — In this city. October 7. 1903, James
A., infant son of James A. and Mary Mey-
ers, it native of San Francisco.
NOWDESHA— In Frultvale, October 7, 1903,
Mary A. NowdesHa. beloved mother of Jacob
B.. Joseph H., Jerry W. and Sadie Now-
desfra. Mrs. Callie BIther, Mrs. Lou' RO3S
and Mrs. Peachie K'yser. a native of Ken-
tucky, nged Co years 8 months and 22 days.
O'CONNELL— In this city, October 7. 1903,
Kllen o'Connell, beloved mother of Mrs. W.
H. Barrett. Mrs. D. Moran. *Mrs. J. D. Grif-
fin Mrs. T. Connors, Mrs. B. F. Jones; Mrs.
G. Hogan and the late Mrs. J. Keating and
the late- Mrs. P. Hanrtn, a native of Cahir-
civeen. County Kerry, .lrejand, aged SO years.
E7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend" the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 0 o'clock, -^rpm the undertaking
parlors of Theodor DlerTij 057 Mission street,
and thence to St. Patrick's Church for ser-
vices begtnnlnz at 0:30 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery, by carriage. No flow-
ers. ,_-• >,
PLUMMER— In this city. October 6, 1003,
Either Plummer. a native of New York,
aged 70 years.
SAMUELS— In this city, October 6, 1903. Bar-
nett Samuels, beloved son of Michael A. and
Alice Samuels, a native of San Francisco,
aged 12 years 9 months and 4 days.
CirFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Thursday,
October *>, 1003, at 11 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his parents, 9S0 Geary street. In-
terment Home of Peace Cemetery.
SCHAEFER— In this city. October 6. 1003,
Mary Bchaefer, beloved mother of John J.
Schaefer. Mrs. William P. Murphy. Mrs.
Charles Langry and Mrs. George Holzwarth,
a native of Indiana.
C^ Friends and acquaintances are reapect-
fullv invited to" attend the funeral Friday,
October 9. 1903. at 8 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her daughter. 513 Stevenson street,
thence to St. Boniface's Church for services.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, by II
o'clock train from Third and TownsenU
streets.
SCOTT— In this city. October 7,*. 1903, Mal-
<«>lr.i. beloved husband of Annie Scott, a na-
tive of Canada, aged OS years S months and
2 days. .
SPRAGUE— In this city. October 6, 1003. Her-
bert A., beloved son of Frank I. and Sarah
A. Sprague, and brother of Rita M. Sprague,
a native of San Francisco, aged 5 years 5
months and 22 days.
|CJ" friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thuri>day), at 10:30 o'clock, from his
parents' residence. B2 Vallf,' street, between
San Jose avenue and Dolores street. Inter-
ment private.
BTECHER— In this city, October 7, 1903. Otto,
dearly, beloved son of E'.enore and the late
Phllipp Stecher, brother of Fred J. and the
late Edward Stecher, and nephew of Mrs.
A. E. Weber of Saa Jose, a native of San
Francisco, aged 35 years C months and 10
days.
TULLY — In this city, October 7, 1903, Electy
Tully. wife of Charles J. Tully. a native of
Pennsylvania, aged 38 years.
ICTNotlce of funeral hereafter. . Remains
at the parlcrs of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 787
Miislon street, between Third and Fourth.
ITT'Remalns leave her late residence, 1973
Geary street, Thursday evening. Interment
at Stocktcn. .
HOPKINS — In this city, October 6, 1903, Peter,
1 dearly beloved husband of Ellen Hopkins,
and loving father of John D., James R.,
Richard H.. Peter Leo. Catherine, Agnei,,
Monica. Ella. Gertrude, Alice and the late
Thomas J. Hopkins, a native of Albany.
N. Y.. aged 67 years. (New York and Chi-
cago papers please copy.)
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Friday,
October 9. at 2 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of Julius S. Godeau, 303 Montgomery
avenue. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
HOPKINS— In this city. October 7. 1003, Mrs.
Mary A. Hopkins, mother of Gertrude Hop-
kins] Mrs. Louis P. River and Vincent Hop-
kins.
tyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully .Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, .from the parlors
of McFsdden, McBrearty & Green. 1171 Mis-
Mon street, between Seventh and Eighth,
thence to St. Patrick's Church for services
. at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
GSCHWIND— In this city. October 6. 1903.
RemL beloved husband of Clara Gschwlnd.
and father of Rudolph Gschwlnd and Mrs.
C. Richards, a native of Switzerland, aged
75 years and 3 days. (Chicago, 111., and
Buffalo. N. Y., papers please copy.) '
IDTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Friday. October 9, 1903, at 2 o'clock, at the
mortuary chapel of the Golden Gate Under-
taking Company. 2475 Mission street, near
Twenty- first. Interment I. O. O. F. Ceme-
tery. Please omit flowers.
JJAHN— In this city, October 6, 1003. John Wil-
liam, beloved husband of Eltse Hahn, and
father of Mrs. C- W. Ives, Mrs. L. Ahlborn.
Mrs. S. W. Dlxon and Henry F.; Emll C, Johii
W.. Milton E. and the late William and Liz-
zie Hahn, a native of Hanover, Germany,
aged 70 years 6 months and 8 days.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from, his late
residence, 6C« Geary street, thence to Odd
Fellows' Hall, corner Seventh ( and Market
streets, where services will be held, under
the auspices of Germ^ila Lodge Xo. 110. I.
O. O. F.. commencing at 2 o'clock. Inter-
ment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
HALLER— In Oakland, October 6. 1903. Ella
N., beloved wife of W. J. Haller, and sister
of Mrs. F. D. Reid of Oskaloosa. Iowa, Mrs.
E. Beardsley'-of Oakland. Cal.. Mrs. D. Web-
ster of Berkeley. Cal., and Mrs. J. B. Need-
ham of Chicago, III., a native of Indiana.?
HARNATT— In this city, October T. lOft'J.
Thomas HarnatW a native of Ireland, aged
35 years.
K7"Remalns at the funeral parlors of Va-
lente, Marlnl A Co., 1524 Stockton street.
HEANEY— In this city, October 5. 19O3.
Thomas F. Heaney, a native of Ireland,
aged 64 years. A member of Marine En-
gineers. ,
University avenue, Berkeley. Interment pri-
vate.' •
DAPELO— In this city,* October T. 1903, at Ms
residence, 1351 Harrison street, Louie, be-
loved son of Louie, and Julia 1 Dapelo, and
brother of Olympla, Joseph, Mary, Angeiia
and Rose Dapelo and Mrs. A. Gleason, a na-
* tive. of .Virginia City, Nev., aged 24 years 0
¦ months and 5 days.
ELMQUIST— Iu this city, October 7. 1O0S,
Julia M. Elraqulst. dearly beloved mother of
Emile, Jiile and Oscar Elmqulst and Ida E.
. Peterman, a native of Sweden, aged 70 years
7 months and 5 days, j
FERQUSON— In this city, October 7. 1903,
William Henry Ferguson, beloved son of
Mrs. Weary Blunt, and brother of Mrs. An-
nie Meaddows and Minnie and Clara Fergu-
son, a native of Virginia, aged 29 years 3
months and IS days. .. - - \
GRACE— In this city, October 5, 1003, Joseph
Grace, a native of Ireland, aged 47 years.
A. member of tha Pacific Coast Marine Fire-
men's Union.The five years of war were followed by the
cholera, which carried off upward of 600,000
people. The rhinde-rpest and surra have killed
S*6 per cent of the carabao, the main depend
ence of the natives in planting their sugar,
tobacco and rice, and for two years the locusts
have JeFtroyed many of the growing cropb.
This has been discouraging and It would not
be surprising if the Flliplncs were to associate
these evils with the establishment of Ameri
can control in the islands. In fact, it haB
been believed by many that the cholera was
directly due to sinister American influences
designed to kill off the Filipinos. These are
extreme views, no doubt, but not entirely un
like the practice ln the United States of blam
ing the political party ln control of the. Gov
ernment for all the economic evils which pre
vail while It Is In power.
When I left Manila, remarked the
General, public affairs in the Philippines
were progressing as well as could be ex
pected under the existing conditions.
Continuing, he said:
There are many serious questions for con
sideration, but I believe that Governor Taft
and the members of the Philippine Commission
will no doubt find a way to deal with them ln
a manner to the general satisfaction of the
Filipinos and tor the material benefit of the
Islands. I think It may be said ln all sin
cerity that up to this time we have not had a
fair chance to show what we can do for the
general improvement of the islands.
WORK OF COMMISSION.
I feel Quite sure that the census report to
which we will now give our attention will be
Interesting and Instructive and that It will
dispel many erroneous notions ln regard to
the Philippine Islands and their Inhabitants,
but if it should not meet our expectations ln
this rrsrect the census will not have been In
vain, because It has demonstrated quite clearly
that, under proper guidance, the Filipinos have
the capacity to do good work and that on the
whole they believe in the declared intentions
of the United States to give them a repre
sentative insular government. To have ob
tained such strong presumptive evidence of
the confidence of the people In the Govern
ment, ae the success of the census Indicates,
is certainly very important at this Juncture.
There are about 7.00O.C?0 of civilized and 600,-
OOO non-clvilijed Itih.ih^unts. The census re
port will be compiled nnd published within a
year.
RESULTS OF CENSUS.
Vicious people In Cebu spread a report that
taxation was the real purpose of the Govern
ment in taking the cenaus and ln two or three
barrics of that pueblo aome objection was
made to it, but this was not serious and
easily removed when Governor Taft'a procla
mation was made plain. There wore but four
attempts on the part of the ladrones to Inter
fere with the corwus and one enumerator was
seriously wounded. Ife saved his census rec
ords, however, and, It may be said, at the rink
of his life. While I have had some experi
ence in census taklne. I am not a census ex
pert or statistician, but I have had associated
with me two jtentlemen — Messrs. Gannett' and
Olmste-d of Washinfrton. D. C. — who have de
voted many years to censuses and other sta
tistical work, and. ln their opinion, judging
from the census returns, the work waa thor
oughly and carefully done and the results will
compare favorably with the censuses of the
United States.
FILIPINOS SUSPICIOUS.
In the island of CamaKuin, north of the
province of Misamis. Mindanao, the enumera
tors were threatened and opposed and it was
necessary to use force, but Governor Qorrales
thought the demonstration had other objects
in view and that the census merely precipi
tated the movement.
Th» census was taken a* planned because
the people wanted It taken. Many opinions
¦were expressed as to Its practicability, and
the Spaniards and some of our army officers,
especially those who had served In Pamar and
Leyte. believed It to be either impossible or
capable of being finished only after a year or
two of difficult work. Much opposition was
apprehended by them from th« disaffected and
criminal classc». more especially the ladrones
and insurrectos. However, there was no se
rious opposition encountered In any of the
larger islands, and this was especially true of
Samar and Leyte, where there waa no Inter
ference whatever with the enumerators.
In discussing the work, which was car
ried on under his personal direction, Gen
eral Sanger said, last evening:
NATIVES SUBMISSIVE.
It xras General Banger's previous ex
perience in the taking" of the census of
Cuba and Porto Rico that suggested to
the Washington authorities the idea of
giving him similar duties in the Phil
ippines. The census taking began on
March 2 and in six weeks it was com
pleted. Two months' preparatory work
v.as necessary before the hard' task was
undertaken. It was accomplished with
the assistance of 7000 enumerators, and
to-day Uncle Sam is in possession of 7,000,
000 names, representing the civilized por
tion of the native population of the is
lands, and by carefully complied figures
he on estimate that the uncivilized pop
ulation is about 600,000.
General J. P. Sanger, former chief of
staff of General Chaffee, but latterly in
charge of the census work in the Phil
ippine Islands, has arrived from Manila
and is registered at the Palace. He Is on
his way to Washington, for he has com
pleted the difficult task to which he was
assigned.
Officer Secures Record' of
More Than Seven Mil
lion Natives.
To Visit San Francisco
Without eeflng the Diamond Palace
would be like visiting Europe without
peeing Paris. It is a leading feature ol
Ran Francisco and Is conceded to be the
most beautiful jewelry store in the world.
Visitors or purchasers are equally wel
come. 2C1 Montgomery street, between
Bush and Pine. •
Painter Breaks an Arm.
M. S. Norton, a painter residing at 107
'Fourth street, fell from a scaffold -while
at work on an O'Farrell street residence
yesterday afternoon and broke his rjght
arm. He was treated at the Emergency
Hospital.
¦ • ¦
Our business Is to print things, and we excel
ln printing. MyFell-Rollms. 22 Clay. •
• ? ¦
Prohibitionists to Meet
A rally under the auspices of the Pro
hibition Alliance of this city will take
place this «vening at the headquarters of
the 'Women's Christian Temperance
Union on McAllister street. Several well
known temperance orators, including Rev.
C. J. Hall, will address the gathering.
¦ ? •
Wedding invitations, very superior,
printed or engTaved. Edw. S. Knowles,
24 Second street. •
« ? ¦
Successful Church Bazaar
A successful church bazaar opened last
night at Lebanon Presbyterian Church,
Sanchez and Twenty-third streets. It is
in charge of the ladies of the parish and
xrill be continued this afternoon and to
cight.
¦ » ¦
la many asthma cases Plso'sCureforCoasump-
V.cn fives relief that Is almost equal to a cure. *
¦ • ¦
MINNEAPOLIS. Oct. 7.— S. S. Grime* of
Portsmouth. Ohio, was elected president of the
Grain Dealer*' National Association to-day.
Philippines.
General Sanger Is Home
Prom a Hard Job in
HAS FINISHED
ISLAND CENSUS
Thomas Munsen, a. laborer employed 'on
the Fairmont . Hotel building, Sacramento
and Mason streets, .was hit by a falling
plank yesterday afternoon ; and suffered
a fraqture of the right arm and several
lacerations of the head. He; was removed
to ' the Emergency Hospital.
Struck by Falling Plank.
The Supreme Court yesterday sustained
thejudgment of the lower court allowing
Lucy M. Skelton and her three children
the sum of $18,000 damages for the death
of the husband and father, who was killed
in a mill conducted by thj Pacific Lumber
Company. The accident happened ln
Humboldt County. SkelU.n was killed by
a. blow ln the head from a section of an
emery wheel which broke, as the petition
ers allege, while being run at too hijh t
rate of .speed.
Gets Heavy Damages.
Chief Wlttma/i . communicated with the
relatives of the late Benjamin' F. Boheh,
ex-captain of detectives, 1 ', yesterday as to
the funeral j arraneements * and ..' was in
formed; thiat they; did 'not desire any dis
play by the Police Department and an
escort will not be sent; The 'pallbearers
will be Chief Wittman, ex-Chief : Patrick
Crowley, ex-Captain ; of Detectives' John
F. Seymour, Captain Andrew^ J. Dunlevy,
Captain John SDillane, Detective Ser
geants Robert Hoganand Roscoe J. Whlt
aker and John Dougherty, assistant chief
df the Fire Department. The' funeral will
take place | at 10:30 o'clock this morning
from 929: Grove street.
Funeral of Ben Sohen.
.- Is the reconstruction of the Qeary
¦treet railway a civic nece««ity, in view
of the fact that. the road Is now in flrst
clas« condition? If It li mot, vote to-day
ag-alnit the Geary-street bond achemo.
A petition for a writ of habeas corpus
ln behalf of Ross was filed In the Circuit
Court In January, 1902, and was subse
quently denied. An appeal was then
taken to. the United States Supreme
Court.
Attorney General U. S. "Webb left yes
terday for Washington, D. C, to attend
the October term of the United States Su
preme Court In reference to the habeas
corpus proceedings instituted in behalf of
Bert Ross. The defendant is under sen
tence of death for murder, and every ef
fort has been made to save his life. The
action of the nation's highest tribunal
will settle the matter finally.
In November, 1S99. Rosa, ln the custody
of Deputy Sheriff W. J. Ward of San
Diego, was coming to San Quentln from
the southern city on the steamer Santa
Rosa. While off the coast of San Luis
Oblspo the prisoner hit Waid over the
head with a water glass and ¦attempted to
swim ashore. He was easily recaptured.
The Deputy Sheriff died from the wounds
Inflicted by Ross and the latter was tried,
convicted and sentenced for murder In
San Luis Obispo County. The State Su
preme Court affirmed the judgment.
Attorney General Webb Will Repre
sent State in Bert Ross Habeas
Corpus Proceedings.
WILL OPPOSE RELEASE
OF A NOTED MURDERER
. , jf S this Mrs. Luddy?"
COl "No. it's not. It's Miss Flem-
I ing"— as if to emphasize her
*¦*• statement the lady addressed
suddenly turned to the register
of the Palace Hotel, grabbed a pen and in
a bold hand inscribed at the bottom of the
page;
"Miss Fleming, Los Angeles."
The new arrival at the Palace is a
rather attractive blonde, of fine figure,
who has been known in Southern Califor
nia under several names, but latterly aa
Mrs. Grace Fleming Luddy. Yesterday
morning her name was conspicous
ly associated with that of Luddy and a
man named Archie Van Curen in a story
telegraphed from Ventura, where It was
charged that Luddy had caused her de
tention while she was en route to this
city with Van Curen. It was Intimated
that the woman was eloping with Van
Curen and that the real purpose of ap
prehending her was to enable Luddy to
recover $6000 worth of diamonds which it
was charged she had failed to return to
the man whom she had represented as
her husband for a number of months in
the southern part of the State.
Luddy, it was claimed, denied that she
was or ever had been his lawful wife and
that for alleging the contrary In a di
vorce suit filed by h£r against him ln Los
Angeles a few days before he purposed
to have her arrested for perjury.
JOINS VAN CUBEN HERE.
The woman remained over night in Ven
tura and then followed Van Curen to this
city, where he had already secured apart
ments with his brother at the Russ
House. When she arrived yesterday morn
lnfc Van Curen was at the depot to greet
her and accompanied her to the Palace.
There they parted for a time, but later
she Joined him for several hours, finally
returning to the Palace about" 3 o'clock
to keep an appointment with the newspa
per reporters, made earlier In the day.
Miss Fleming, as she is more pleased to
call herself, declared that she is not yet
Van Curen, when seen yesterday at the
Russ, .said, he* Is on his way to the Klon
dike. . Regarding Miss Fleming he said he
had become Interested In her while sho
was employed at the springs. 'He denied
that an elopement- had been planned and
that Miss Fleming • and he . are engaged.
According to. a dispatch from Ventura
Luddy and Miss Fleming were secretly
married In Santa Barbara two years ago.
Another dispatch from Los Angeles says
there Is no record of; the .Luddy divorce
there. '.',..¦--
As to the references ln yesterday's tele
gram to the effect that L-uddy Is a' well
known capitalist : in " Los Angeles, the
woman who claims to have been his wife
said that he was formerly a saloon keep
er,- but' had- accumulated- property and
had money enough on which to enjoy life
leisurely.
I don't know. In fact I could not expect
to marry him for twelve months, for the law
prohibits a divorcee from marrying within that
time. To be frank I have not made up my
mind what I will do. I may go to 'Alaska,
possibly to Spokane, where I formerly lived,
or back to Richmond. . which Is my old home.
She refused point blank to tell where
or under what conditions she had mar
ried Luddy. Asked .as to. whether there
were any grounds for the suspicion that
she is soon to marry Van Curen, she re
plied: ., . l:»«
INTERESTED AS A FRIEND.
In this confiding manner Miss Flem
ing continued to tell of her life In South
ern California^ but her story was so dis
jointed at time's that it was hard to de
termine just where she. had been located
and efforts t6 straighten it out were not
particularly successful, for she was
averse to - discussing certain periods of
her nast.
SAYS SHE IS DIVORCED.
A decree of divorce, was granted me late
Saturday afternoon in Loe Angeles on the
ground of desertion. Friday Luddy was in
this . city, staying at the Palace, and tele
graphed me a long mepsage ln response to one
sent by mo notifying him of the divorce find
ings. In his telegram he - implored me to
withdraw the suit. I was glad to get rid of
him and signed a paper waiving all claim to
community property and alimony. •
Luddy and I were married — well, it don't
matter where or when. Suffice it to say that
we lived for some time at Wheeler Hot
Springs ln a cottage known to everybody in
that locality as "Luddy villa." A few week3
ago he left me, after we had agreed to separ
ate. I realized that I could not afford to
remain as a guest at the springs, although
the proprietor was anxious that I should. He
finally gave me employment and It was there
that I met Archie Van Curen. the bookkeeper,
under whom I worked. When the season be
gan to draw to a close I did most everything,
even going into the kitchen to wash dishes.
I like that kind of work.
done with Luddy . and intimated yester
day that she may return to Los Angeles,
where he resides, to force him to retract
the accusations he is charged with mak
ing against her. Discussing the affair ln
which she has become Involved,' the
young woman said:
This etory of my having robbed Luddy of a
lot of (Unmonds Is all nonsense. He never
had many valuables. He did possess a dia
mond pin, which I imagine cost him about
?200. but that was stolen from him ln a Los
Angeles hotel .some time ago and while I was
miles away. And then this talk of hH about
mo not having been hfa wife Is -simply redlc
ulous. If I had not been his wife how coulii
I have got a divorce from him? . The best
proof that I was hts wife may be found in
certajn deeds recorded ln the south, t6 which
it was necessary for me to affix my signature.
MISS GRACE FLEMING, WHO RESENTS THE CHARGES OF J. R.
LUDDY THAT SHE MADE AWAY WITH HIS DIAMONDS AND
PLANNED ELOPEMENT WITH ARCHIE VAN CUREN.
"We have arranged for grade meetings
in the hall with a view to outlining an
educational policy, and we are met with
petty interferences on every side." said
Langdon as he stalked out of the meeting
room.
Superintendent Langdon and Director
Woodward had a wordy tilt regarding the
latter's right to allow the hall of the
Girls' High School to be used for a spe
cial purpose. Langdon claimed that the
board had sole authority in the matter.
Woodward was for giving permission to
Principal Brooks to use the hall for a bas
ket ball tournament next Friday and
Langdon objected.
At the board's request Patrolman P. J.
Campion was detailed to act as truant
officer to carry out the new truant law.
It- was proposed, with the aid of the
South Park Settlement, to secure pupils
for the Jefferson School, ln which there
are several vacant rooms.
The petition of the Federation of Mis
sion Improvement Clubs that a school
house be erected in Potrero block No. 127
was taken under advisement.
The following named, being next In or
der ln the competitive examination held
last June, were elected teachers on the
day substitute list: Miss Gertrude R.
Norton, Miss Katherine T. Moore, John
A. Imrie, Miss Bertha Klaus, Miss Evan
geline Adams.
Superintendent Langdon's motion that
Miss Demmick. who was transferred to
the Fremont School, be restored to her
first grade class in the Winfield Scott
School was lost, with Mark and Wood
ward voting no and Roncovieri and
Walsh voting aye. Langdon explained
that there was no first grade class In the
Fremont School and it was not intended
to disrate her when she was transferred.
The resignation of Miss M. J. Fagan, a
teacher ln the Harrison Primary School,
was accepted.
ney, Informed the board that hla client
would not present any further evidence
and she was content to submit her case
on the evidence presented. The board
took the matter under advisement.
The Association of Teachers of German,
of which Julius Goebel is president and
Hugo K. Schilling secretary, sent a com
munication to; the board protesting
against reports made by a committee of
Germans on the work of the teachers in
schools teaching the language. The asso
ciation holds that reports not made by
experts are necessarily unreliable and are
an Injury to the teachers concerned.
The petition of the West of Castro Im
provement Club that Mrs. Foge be trans
ferred from the janltorshlp of the Rich
mond School to that of the Xoe Valley
School was taken under advisement.
TEACHER RESIGNS.
NO MORE EVIDENCE.
The board met in the afternoon to give
Miss Jean Dwyer, principal of the South
End School, an opportunity to present ev
idence of physicians that a rattan would
make the black and blue marks such as
appeared on the legs of Frank Duignan,
whom she Is charged with beating se
verely.
Horace G. Platt, Miss Dwyer's attor-
She denied that she had deserted her
school on October 4, 1S99, without giving
notice to the board. She also denied .that
she ,was Immoral In her conduct and
pertinent to School Directors, and that she
had erer said that Mark, Webster and
Bergerot had put her out of the depart
ment to make room for a favorite.
A/ter hearing Mrs. Greenan's statement
the board took her application for a re
hearing under advisement.
" For the sake of peace Mrs. Greenan
said she had consented to a transfer to
another school after Superintendent
Webster had told her that she would be
"rotten egged" if she returned to her
own echool. Instead of being transferred
Mrs. Greenan says she was ousted from
the department.
Mrs.- Greenan further stated that she
had preferred charges with the Board of
Education agains^School Director Mark,
but they had nevtr been taken up. She
did not accuse Mark of perjuring him
self, but he had sworn falsely under oath,'
Mrs. Greenan said:
CONSENTS TO TRANSFER.
Mrs. Rebecca Greenan, who was dis
missed from her position as principal of
the John V/. Taylor School after a trial,
appeared before the Board o.f Education
yesterday in behalf of her petition that
her case be reopened in order that she
might be given an opportunity to refute
the charges upon which she was dis
missed from the School Department.' .
Rev. Fathers Smith and Gallagher have
Interested themselves in the effort made
by Mrs. Greenan to obtain a rehearing
and were present to assist her in the en
deavor. The charges against Mrs. Green
an, which a former Board of Education,
of which Director Mark was a member,
ruled had been proved, were read and
Mrs. Greenan entered a specific denial to
each of them. To offset the charge of in
competency Mrs. Greenan produced a let
ter from Superintendent of Schools Web
ster testifying to her efficiency as a
teacher. Regarding the charge that she
had closed her school at 2 o'clock p. m.
in order to attend the races, Mrs. Greunan
stated. that she had permission from the
Board of Education to do so and also to
open the school at 9 a. m. because she
lived four miles away from a car line.
Mrs. Greenan blamed Mrs. Burnett, jan
ltress of the school, with having caused
her to get in trouble and she accused Mrs.
Burnett with having one day closed the
school on a forged order, which explained
why a School Director could not get ln
when he called. Mrs. Greenan also
charges Mrs. Nicholls with having writ
ten letters to ex-School Director Bergerot
which caused him to oppose her.
Miss Dwyer Submits Her Caie
on Charge of Severely
Beating Pupil. .
Mrs. Greenan Makes an
Appeal to Board of
Education.
PRINCIPAL ASKS
FOR NEW TRIAL
THE SAF FB ANCJSCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 8/ 1903.
Laughs at the Story of an Elopement and
Says Los Angeles Court 'Granted Her
an Absolute Divorce Five Days Ago
MISS FLEMING DENIES
SHE HAS LUDDY'S GEMS
14
SALE'S. £*j?;% TMTE'S.
Black Silks: White Prices.^
(particularly so" just now.)
, Taffetas 55c that can't be equaled in the city under 75c; 22 and
27 inches wide.
Peau de Soies, 65c— not found ordinarily under 90c. The
common $1.25 quality bla'ck Peau de Soies are 80c now, 24 inches
wide. And Hale prices do not cover up anything. No shortage
of quality when prices are short. The guarantee means the same
at 80c as if you paid $1.25.
DOUBLE SURPRISE IN
Walking Skirts To=Day.
To find such beautifully tailored skirts — and /^s=^
to find them at a saving. Qfp^lg^
Not many styles of a kind, two. or three of l^Zf
this one, may be a half dozen of that and in &fr^\
some there are more than half a dozen. They whjhs^
are the odd ones this wholesale tailor had left hP»^7
over when orders were filled. jPSjC
$3-95 — Two styles, both nobby, such as usually sell at $5. | 1| J
$6.75 — Handsome mixtures with piped yoke forming a °£ | ¦ \\
panel front. Halms- || \ 111
$7.50— Five styles, among which are some handsome 11 1\\\
tailored corsette shirts, 13 jfores; others have pleats Jj \\\\
all the way down; some of them are kilted and beau- l\\ A\\V
tifully stitched. JJI W^^^
$8.75 — A few handsome skirts in castor, with graduat- // \V^^P
ing kilts. VjakSr
$10.00 — Three styles in rich broadcloths; such skirts as ,~££^ &F$Z^
you would expect to pay at least $17.50 for. ™
Satin Taffeta Ribbons. Big Writing Tablets
Less than wholesalers ask. Only 5C.
Another new supply of these staple » 1 • . , ,,
ribbons is here. . And -just as good as they arc
It's a lovely quality, in all color- big.
ings: white, cream, pink, light blue, • , ... .. ., ,
turquoise, nilc, cardinal, lilac, maize, On £ IS , a splendid penal tablet for
old rose, brown, gray, black and navy, 5 ? ho ? 1 " s f f and * h . e other 13 a note
and in three widths J" ze for letter w ™ing. 5c each.
3% inches at 15c. Commercial Note Paper in i*/ 2 lb.
4 inches at 20o. packages; 15 an excellent paper and
AYx inches at -5c. one that is c xtr a heavy. 20c pack-
¦Those prices are less than whole- age - T hc envclo P cs to match are 5c
salers ask by the box. Pap e'r Afters in celluloid; new and
«-«• j c a. 4 *¦» , clever designs; 45c.
JblgUred Sateens \2y2C. Thermometers are nov at the sta-
The same material sells usually at tionery counter, all sizes, all styles,
16 2-3C and 13c But we got a fac- aI1 new - IOc to $3-oo.
tory's short lengths, 10 to 20 yards f£LJE*rj8ff *13T
each, which we are able to put out Vffl _raT]>. _t _ _
this morning under the regular price. ffi/^ffiy /jgSp/ u&La 4£jrl? _^^3
Some of them are 36 inches wide, JW ~^y~*-— - "lan'^gggg
some are only 30; all in splendid *^ • *^^£OQ& COOO^^^
colorings specially designed for com- «. _, . *.t <-»* ...
forter coverings. Market Street, Near Sixth
ADVERTISEMENTS.
WE HAVE RECEIVED I
THIS WEEK 1
ONE CARLOAD f
QUARTER GRAND g
B A SMALL BUT PERFECT PIANO. ¦
1 TEX 2TEWEST CBEATION OF U
H THX OLDEST PIANO HOUSE B
|j XV AtlESICA. B
j Benj. CllrtaZ &So11 1
I SOLE AGENTS. fl
16 to 20 OTarrell Street g
« Branches— Fan Joee. Freeao. m
Alameda, Stockton. H
THURSDAY— FRIDAY— SATURDAY.
BUTTER, Best Made, re;. 55c square . 45c
Good Table Butter, squars S5c.
CREAM, Poppy Brand, 3 cans 25c
CANDLES, Adamantine, rej. 20c d?2. . IOc
HERF.IKGS. "A'.ie Milter," 8 for.. 25c
KILK, CcodeoseS, Yalie, 3 cans 25c
CHOCOLATE, "SSSf' reg. 30c can. 25c
FEE LIST AT STORE.
JCO LIQUORS. PROMPT DELIVERY.
C.O.D. GROCERY CO. inc.
JOHN BOBBSSQX. 1'resMent.
313 OTarrell St., Near Mason
Formerly of Post an<f Buchanan.
Telephone Folsom 316.
Anti-Pain Pills
(Dr Miles') prevent as well as cure
headache, the commonest affliction
of mankind Cam in your pocket.
No opiate* Non lu\atl\> Therfi ore no
eub«:tutt-» Sold « nd Guaranteed by all
drur»:l6»s -"> dose* ?•'• <¦«• nt* Never sold in
It* Milfs Memcai to Elkbart. Jnd
MUSCAT GRAPES.
F. IVAN'COVICH. Fresno. Cal.. will pay
>3 f>1 to $10 25 per ton for second crop Muscat
trapes to be delivered ln S. P. R. R. yard.
ADVEETISEMEOTS.
SUPER/OR VALUES
...IN...
Popular Priced
WALKING
SKIR TS.
4 J- WALKING SKIRT of
I AD SCOTCH TWEED;
¦ 7 GORE; WIDE
FLARING; WELT SEAMS.
n , n WALKING SKIRT of
2 Ail POPULAR MANNISH
\ MIXTURE; in a VA-
RIETY OF NEW COLORINGS;
TAILOR STITCHED SEAMS; IN-
VERTED PLAIT BACK.
~ 7 r I WALKING SKIRT OF
2./O ALL-WOOL CHEV-
10 T; CUT 7 GORE;
CORDED PANEL FRONT. A
SPLENDID 'VALUE for 2.75.
, -n WALKING SKIRT of
4. Oil ZIBELINE; FRONT
| GORE ornamented
with TAILOR STITCHED STRAPS
of BROADCLOTH; VERY FULL
FLARE AT BOTTOM; PERFECT
FITTING GARMENT.
- nn I WALKING SKIRT of
O.UU ALL-WOOL NOVEL-
I TY MIXTURE;
GORES TRIMMED WITH TAILOR
STITCHED STRAPS; HABIT BACK;
well CUT; ELEGANTL Y TAILORED.
o nn I WALKING SKIR 1 of
O.UU ALL-WOOL FLAKED
I NOVELTY MATERI-
AL, FRONT GORES ORNAMENTED
with TAILOR STITCHED BANDS.
AN EXCEPTIONAL JALUE FOR
3.90. • .':.;;'
A TREMENDOUS
VElLfNG SPECIAL
Latest Novelty in CHIFFON I
QC n DRAPE VEILS,. V£ yards
£DC long, new Fall colors.
Regular price 50c.
Green TRADING STAMPS Given With
EVERY PURCHASE.
Send for Our Fall and Winter Catalog.
MARKS BROS.
1220-22-24 MARKET ST.
. Bet. Taylor and Jones.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
39 STOCKTON STEEET,
Telephone Mala 5522.
Our ad. Is a drawing- card evidently, for
our sales are Increasing enormously. Th«
list unusually attractive this week aa to
both goods and prices. See our
Thursday, Friday and Saturday Specials.
CREAMERY BU1TER, per sq 40c
Reg. 45c. Quality never disappoints.
Fancy Minnesota Eggs, per doz. . 30c
As good as California Ranch.
Armour's White Label Lard,
In 3. S and 10-lb tins; special 35c. 60c.
*1 regular 45c. 75c. $1 40. Nona bet-
ter.
Santa Clara Prunes, per Ib 5c
Fresh stock; Just ln.
French Sardines In Oil, 2 cans for 25c
The celebrated Lemolne Brand; regular
15c each.
Van Camp's or Campbell's Concentrated
Soups 3 cans for 25c
Reg. 10c each. Full assortment.
Ghirardelli's Breakfast Cocoa, tin 20c
Regular 25c.
Bissells Cyco Bearing Carpet Swespars $2
R«B. J- SO. No home complete without one.
Toilet Paper, flats or rolls, 4 for 25c
Good quality, full count. Reg. 3 for 25c.
E. C. Berry Bourbon, bot 75c; gal 53
Reg. $1 a^id $4. For home consumption.
Mt. Yemen Rye, per bot ...... 95c
Res. $t 2T». Distillery bottling.
Zinfandel, per gal 60c
Keg. 75c. Extra choice quality.
Angelica and Muscatel, bot 25c; gal $1
Kegular r.5o. $1 50. The ladies' delight.
:" Twoec CJSVtis!^ maun
Mellin's Food and Milk is an
ideal combination and will
nourish and strengthen youa
baby and make him groW«
We should like to tend a sample of Mellia'a
Pood free to your baby.
tf ELLIN'S FOOD CO.. BOSTON. MASS.
BJLERS
Guaranteed Pure*
None So Good*
Sotd BVerytofonn.
HILBERT MEKCAM-flLE CO *
Pacific Coast Agents.
* ¦¦!¦ II i.if — ¦— TTH1LL_JmjjJ
.CUTLERY
EMY.BLAIEMRRAN1ID
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The Moderate
Original DrilAers
fiTfK'Q V\k 0*\ Belong to a large class, Including
P Ef^fffi/ffi/Cfr illi^i^&l' S persons of all kinds and grades-
ijk al i Tt/^S3?^^f^^fLa ¥T VL A BJi fJT^ all professions and trades, all
™ ' ages, both sexes— persons to whom
_ i^M^B«% a <* r ' n k means a leaf of bread or
f^rU HE McKANNA TREATMENT a few drinks mcans the prlce of
I sLckl f T • ¦ 1 » • the llttle ch^ ds Eh0C3 - persons
i/fm^l KM* the LiqUOr Habit IS thC who are" depriving their families
l^^ipfc J # O f th e necessaries of life and
]r&g£n% OBly metnOa KnOWIl tO SCienCe themselves of. the. power to take
t*"*""*"* 4k^+ c**(*U r **~*J jimmAiiuiH.. care of their families— men of
that safely and permanently wcalthi who , by thelr dl9Slpatlon -
cures Alcoholism in Three Days to stay are also breaklns ' thelr wlve3>
1 j, 1 ¦-¦-'¦>-: hearts, causing distress to rel&n
cured. It has permanently redeemed over. where happiness should be su-
f) Ann J-.L.'.i • r t preme, and involving their health
U,UUU inebriates m fourteen years. . and numm their own nve S . There
T)t\ tint PYDPT Imonf nrHrl ca_/~* WoA t( rnpoc tf ' Is but one significance for kll who
uo not experiment wnn so-cailea cures perslst ln dnnkmg-there i 3a
that have neither standing nor reputation. dlfference In - the two classes
0 * of men, the rich, and the poor,
T-ffc, mm m •«s mm m mm J' et all- are headed*for ths same
Dr. J. J. NcKanna "^^ ard ' 985aveorthe
1 4 Geary St., S. F. can you afford
Telephone Mam 1037 t0 keep on drlnklng when
c u nut n. „ DR " MCKANNA'S
Sanitariums: Chicago, III.; Kansas City, Mo.; Oklahoma TREATMENT
City, 0. T.; Des Mdines, Iowa ; Seattle, Wash, ta wlthln the reach ot all?