]\JEW YORK, Sept. 16.
J. V Following is o sum
mary of the . great
hurricane:
Killed by storm, 18;
missing and probably dead,
12; fatally injured in New
York, 4.
Greatest velocity of the
zvind in New York, 63 miles
on hour; south of New
York, 70 miles an hour.
Rainfall amounted to
1.29 inches in two hours
and forty minutes.
. The high wind lasted less
than three hours.
The temperature at noon,
in height of the storm, zvas
71 degrees.
The general direction of
the gale was from the
southeast.
A feature of the storm
zvas the small diameter, cov
ering onl\ a small territory
in the East.
THREE OF THE PROMINENT SPEAKERS WHO ADDRESSED THE
DELEGATES AT YESTERDAY'S MEETING OF THE IRRIGATION
CONGRESS NOW IN SESSION AT OGDEN.
Continued on Page 2/- Column 1 . 1;
Many Vessels Are Sunk or Damaged
in the Harbor.
NEW TORK, Sept. IS.— Greater New
York and its environments for several
miles' In all directions were visited to-day
by. the fiercest wind and rain storm
known hereabouts In years. \ The day be
gan with rain which Increased with the
wind and for about two hours about mid
day the combined fury of the elements
wrought damage ,on , Ian. ; and water
amounting to many thousands of dollars,
'ihegale culminated at noon In'a wind
velocity of fifty-four miles an hour. Ap
parently . solid sheet.-. ' of water," . drove
across the city, drenching every unfor
tunate caught, without- shelter and the
gauges at the Weather Bureau registered
1.&J precipitation in two hours. Then the
storm 1 subsided. - By the middle • of the
afternoon the wind: had dropped to- a
mere breeze and . the sun ".roke through
the clouds.
The gale was especially severe . at sea.
causing havoc to • the shipping down the
bay. where many vessels were sunk ' or
wrecked. • The worst, of the damage was
reported, from Staten' Island. The entire
fleet of the Stafn; Island. Yacht, Club at
anchor -was. either .'sunk or wrecked. The
pilot boat Hermit was driven ashore and
there was a collision between a schooner
and> a barkentlne: . A- tugboat : w& a
wrecked In: HelljGate.;. '
' The hurricane burst with cyclonic; force
STORM SWEEPS NEW YORK.
\ The seating capacity of the tabernacle
Is ; totally - inadequate i and it is . probable
that arrangements for : . some ¦ other, 'hall
will ! be made! ' Ten, minutes were i : . this
morning set aside for the reading and in
troduction- of resolutions and a ; flood i of
, To-morrow; the work of- the I?nited
States Department of 'Agriculture regard
ing irrigation and forestry will be put be
fore the congress by Government experts
In a number of papers and in the after
noon the delegates will view practical
methods of irrigation shown in the State
School for' the Blind near Ogderi, where
a model farm Is conducted.
:. Awards In the fruit and grain exhibit of
the arid States will be made to-morrow.
The exhibit is considered one of. the most
elaborate ever shown, rivaling that of
the world's fair in 1S9X
FRUIT AND GRAIN AWARDS.
The, first ill feeling shown during the
sessions developed over an attempt to
change the constitution so*" as to allow
each accredited delegate on the floor to
vote on pending questions. Some of the
States are heavily overrepresented, and
as. the constitution of the congress pro
vides that no State shall have m6r e than
twenty votes this meant a great deal
to Montana, Idaho, • Nevada. California,
Utah and other States with large delega
tions. The row was started by the South
western delegations, who are pulling al
most as a unit for El Paso as the place
of meeting in 1904, and after a rather
sharp debate a motion to 'table the pro
posed . amendment was carried almost
unanimously." _- This was considered a blow
to the chances of Boise, Idaho, for next
year. From expressions of delegates to
day there is a possibility that St. Louis
may be . selected, however, sentiment In
favor of that city apparently spreading
rapidly. *
All of the speakers urged more com
plete co-operation between States. land
owners and railroads in the general
scheme of colonization, without which,
they claimed, the scheme of irrigation
would be of no value.-
ALL URGE CO-OPERATION.
Booth-Tucker of the Salvation Army,
who gave a, very complete description of
the • methods, pursued In the Salvation
Army colonies of California and Colorado
in settling ..them with . people from the
teeming tenement districts of the East.
jg. yEW TORK. Sept 11— Presi-
J^kk I dent Roosevelt is resting
/ / quietly on bis train to-night
/ after a day of strenuous and
A » vatled experiences. While ea
route from Oyster Bay to
New Tork on the naval yacht Sylph h«
passed through a terrific wind and rala
storm, during which the vessel was ia
imminent danger. Subsequently he vis
ited the immigration station on Ellis Isl
and. New Tork Bay, and made a thor
ough Inspection of the Institution.
After dining oa the Sylph to-night he
went on the revenue tug Chamberlain t»
Jersey City, where he boarded a special
on the Pennsylvania Railroad, which U
to convey him. Governor Murphy of New
Jersey and their "invited guests to the
battlefield of Antietam. There to-mor
row will occur the ceremonies Incident to
the dedication of the monument erected
to the memory of New Jersey soldiets
who fell In the Civil War.
Shortly after 10 o'cleck this morninr
President Roosevelt boarded the Slyph
in Oyster Bay. He was accompanied by
Mrs. Roosevelt and their son Kermit,
Mrs. Richardson, a New York friend of
Mrs. Roosevelt; Secretary Loeb. Profes
sor Albert Bushnell Hart of Harvard Col
lege. Professor J. B. Moore of Columbia
University. C r Grant Lafarge of New
Tork and Jacob" A. Rlis of Richmond
Hill. Long Island. In addition the Pres
ident's guests Included members of tha
executive staff and representatives of the
press associations.
ENCOUNTERS THE STORM.
When the Sylph weighed anchor the
skies werfe dark and forbfddlng, and as
the vessel drew out of the bay c. light
rain fell. Less than an hour after the
Sylph had entered Long Island Sound •hs
ran into a terrific wind and rainstorm.
The storm Increased In se\-erlty rapidly
and off Kort Schuyler it developed Into a
hurricane. The wind blew, according to
an estimate made by Lieutenant Preston,
commander of the S^iph. at the rate cf
sixty-five miles an hour.
The Sylph, a comparatively small ves
sel, pitched heavily and off Wlllets Point
listed J very sharply to starboard. The
President And his guests had been forced
to go below and beyond a drenching none
of them suffered Inconvenience.
The storm became even more severe as
the vessel neared Hell Gate. The waves
and wind stv-ept the deck, making it al
most impossible for the sailors to remain
exposed to their force. The baggage of
the party, consisting principally of hat
boxes and dress suit cases, was swept
about the deck and everything movabla
on deck had to be clewed down to prevent
Its being swep* overboard-
TUG SINKS NEAR SYLPH.
In Hell Gate, a quarter of a mild off
the port bow of the Sylph, a tugboat hav
ing In tow a large three-masted schooner
was capsized by the wind and waves. She
sank stern foremost, bjit did not settlo
completely out of sight for perhaps five
minutes. Uentenant Preston wished to
stand by to render such assistance to th»
tug crew as he could, but Captain Will
iam H. Brainard, an experienced pilot,
who was at the wheel, declared it would
be foolhardy for the Sylph to attempt a
rescue In such a storm: that she almost
certainly would be wrecked herself in the
attempt. President Roosevelt knew noth
ing of the capsizing of the tugboat unttl
nearly an hour afterward. He then ex
pressed the wish that some assistance
might have been rendered the crew.
It was the expectation that Mrs. Roose
velt. Mrs. Richardson and some of the
guests of the President conld be landed
at Twenty-third street, Mrs. Roosevelt
desiring to pass the day In the city with
relatives. Owing to the severity of th«
storm, which waa still rasing with furious
energy, it was . found impracticable to
make a landing at that point. The naval
tug Powhattan, In command of Lieuten
ant Commander Pundstone'. ran alongside
the Sylph. Commander Pundstone sug
gested that a landing be made at the
Brooklyn Navy Yard. Lieutenant Pres
ton reported to the President the absolute
impracticability of proceeding to Ellis
Island in the face of the storm. He was
supported In his judgment by Lieutenant
Commander Pundstone. who megaphoned
that it would be impossible to effect a
landing at the island in such a gale. Very
reluctantly President Roosevelt consented
to abandon for the day his trip to the
immigrant station. Mrs. Roosevelt. Mrs.
Richardson, Kermit Roosevelt. -Professor
Moore. Professor Hart and Mr. Lafarge
were landed at the Brooklyn Navy' Tar*.
Rear Admiral Rogers, commandant or
the navy yard, went aboard the Sylph
and. the storm having abated, It was de
cided that the trip to the island could b«
made in safety.
At 2:06 the 8ylph again weighed anchor
and arrived oft Ellis Island at t:C ,Th*
President and his party wer* safely
in the Flatlron Itself forty windows
Were smashed. - Occupants of the build-
Ing- said* they felt the huge structure
sway in the gale and many .were so bad
ly scared that' they left the building. An
express' wagon was * blown J over while
turning the Flatlron corner and the driv
er and James Billing's, who waa crossing
the avenue, were both seriously hurt, a
score of others were more or less injured
In this neighborhood.
-" Scores of plate glass windows along
Broadway . were broken, the vicinity of
the Flatlron building at Twenty-third
street suffering severely in this respect
on. the center of the city, loosening the
250-foot spire of St. Bartholomew's Pro
testant Episcopal Church on Madison
avenue.
• The steeple of the South Congregational
Church in Brooklyn also was loosened.
Trees were torn up and the streets of the
city were littered with signs and um
brellas of unfortunate pedestrians who
happened to be out in the fury of the
storm. Telegraph and telephone wires
above ground were broken in all parts of
the metropolis.
The tugboat James Kay was blown on
Hogs Rock in Hell Gate and completely
wrecked. The captain and crew saved
themselves by swimming toward the Isl
and. The streets of Manhattan, borough
were 1 strewn with broken signs and other
debris.
' The approaching campaign will be the
subject of the keenest military Interest,
not ¦ alone in France but to all Europe.
Nothing is known and much is suspected
regarding the effectiveness of the ma
chinery and personnel of the French
army. It has had no real test.
The conquest of Morocco will not be
child's play, although it involves nothing
approaching in magnitude the task which
Great Britain assumed with a light heart
when she sent General Buller with 50,000
men to subdue the Boers.
The concession, was made by the Brit
ish authorities at the time of the visit of
President Loubet to the King In Ust
July, and Delcasse brought back with
him to Paris the consent of Lord Lans
downe as' the greatest coup of bis admin
istration.
This ambition of r'rance 13, of course,
well known and well understood. "What
is not well known and will not be easily
understood is that Great Britain has con
sented >to stand aside and to abandon her
almost traditional attitude of protection
of the royal prerogatives of the Sultan
of this African kingdom.
. Less than ten years ago Gnat Britain
would not have hesitated to make war
with France, if necessary, in defense of
the integrity of Morocco. The Sultan, as
late as the spring of the present year.
relied . with absolute confidence upon
British support. Whether he has yet be
come aware of ita withdrawal has not
transpired.
The explanation of this radical change
of policy on the part of the British Gov
ernment is only partially clear. It has at
first glance the appearance of another
"cave," and a weak one at that. Its mo
tive, however, is undoubtedly the new
effort which. Britain is making to divorce
France' from her alliance with Russia.
PARIS. Sept:- 18.— Preparation* are al
ready well advanced for the next war
of conquest in" which a great power will
engage. .The French Government has de
termined to co'nquer and annex . Morocco
and operations on an extensive scale prob
ably will be begun within a. few weeks.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PEARY LOSES
COUMT OF HIS
MANY WIVES
Boston Police Are
Certain That He
Has Four.
£j*clU Dispatch to The Call
BOSTON. Eept- 16.— Dr. Charles C.
Peary, a rr.sn about 4C years old and a
graduate cf the New Ycrk College of
Physicians and Surgeons, was confronted
to-r.igfct by two of his wives and a list of
criminal charges. He acknowledged that
he was a polygamist and swindler and
upon his own confession he was locked
tp and held for trial. \ .
In his confession Peary said he did not
know bo\v many women be had married,
but the police claim to know of four. The
first marriage occurred In' San Francisco
in 1S77, when Paary was wedded to Miss
Sarah Pratt. He . deserted her a few
months later and of all his wives she
Is the enly one for whom he feels no affec
tion and to whose support he has not con
tribut' .
On May 9, 1SS3. Peary married JJrs.
Charles Slla (nee Isabelle M. Geneaux)
and later deserted her. In 1833 he led to
the altar In New York Adeline Colgrove.
a Boston widow. His next matrimonial
venture wai In Cambridge, this State, on
July 15, I9C2, when be % married Annie
Britt.
From the letters found in Peary's room
at 188 Adolpb street to-day it is evident
he has been contributing regularly to the
Bupport of all of his wives, with the ex
ception of the San Francisco woman.
Borne of th= letters found show also that
h- has been sending money to women In
Europe and America. #
Peary at a swindler has international
notoriety. He has served three years in
Elr.g Sin* orison. New York, for larceny.
and in Boston, London and Paris he has
been arrested and convicted on charges
of obtaining money under false pretenses.
His arrest to-day was brought about by
wife No. 2 and wife No. 4. When con
fronted by the women at police headquar
ters he said: ,'.''* ¦ •
"Well. I guess the jig Is up and I had
better make a clean breast of it."
lie then launched into a confession in
volvlnff a varied assortment of swindling
Kama. He is a man of fine appearance
and see&s to be highly educated. ¦ n .;.__;
OGDEX, Utah. Sept. 16.— It devel
oped to-day that the flght over
the . proposition to commit the
National Irrigation Congress in
favor of a repeal of several ot
the existing land laws, including the des
ert land act, the timber and stone act
and the commutation clause of the home
stead act, will be a very close one. • Cham
pions both for and against such action
were heard at to-day's session of the con
gress/George H. Maxwell of the execu
tive committee of the National Irrigation
Association and Senator Paris Gibson of
Montana favoring such action, while Con
gressman Mondell in a lengthy speech
took strong grounds against such repeal.
Both the repeal resolutions Introduced by
Mr. Maxwell and the speeches of Sen
ator Gibson and Congressman Mondell
were much applauded and it was evident
from the feeling displayed that if the
"congress does recommend the repeal of
these laws, and It Is ger.-.-.l belief that
the committee on resolutions will report
in favor of such resolutions, that, it will
only be after a very hard fight. Interest
in the possible action of the congress on
this DOint. in fact, overshadows every
thing elf>e that has come before it.
HARD WORK FOR DELEGATES.
This was a day of hard work for the
delegates. Besides listening to half a
dozen Interesting speeches, numerous res
olutions were Introduced and referred to
the resolutions committee, of which Sen
ator Smoot of Utah nas been elected
chairman.
Action, on the long considered . consoli
dation with the .Trans-Mississippi Com
mercial Congress was also taken. The
committee appointed last year to investi
gate the desirability of such affiliation
reported through lta chairman, . Senator
Carey of Wyomlr.g, against such action
on the ground that the time had now
come for action . and . the Irrigation Con
gress would best preserve its Individual
ity in the work It set out to do so many
years ago. The report was adopted unan
imously..
The , mor* "is: ' session of the congress
was devoted to colonization and the opin
ions of railroad men and sociologists on
the best methods of settling the arid
regions .with - a desirable class of. fanners
and email stockmen were listened to with
much Interest. 'The feature of the morn-;
lag cession waa a speech of Commander
France Planning
for Conquest in
: Africa.
FRENCH GUNS
TO THUNDER
IN MOROCCO
" J In beginning, I wish- to- make an acknowl
edgment. I am* Indebted for, the better part
McQuade was desperate and thought
if he could get his wife to the United
States he could cure her by the change
in climate. With the assistance of some
faithful natives, they succeeded in smug
gling her aboard a steamer. The author
ities thought she had gone to the Orient
and did not learn of the true destination
until the steamer returned from the Unit
ed States. Then it was discovered that
the woman -had escaped to this country.
The San Francisco authorities were noti
fied by cable and, since then officers have
been on the track of Mrs. McQuade.
them came in. They included Statehood
for New Mexico, Arizona and Oklahoma,
for the protection of, watersheds supply-
Ing municipalities with water, to permit
the entry and location of coal lands on
forest reserves and petitioning Congress
to repealtbe lieu land provision of the
forest reservation .law and that, private
lands in . forest reservations should ' be
purchased or acquired by condemnation.
A long resolution was introduced by
George 8.'' Maxwell, chairman of the Na
tional Irrigation "Association, favoring 'the
recommendations contained In President
Roosevelt's telegram of yesterday for the
preservation of the forests, favoring the
immediate repeal of the desert land act.
the timber and stone act and the com
mutation ' clause-, of the homestead I act.
The resolutions were very explicit ; and
were heartily applauded by the delegates.
E. M. Branhock of Portland, Or., was
scheduled:' to 'speak on "The Relation of
Irrigation to the Internal Trade and Com
merce of the* Country." but he was not
present and his address was presented by
T. G. Harley... .
C. E. Wantland 'of .. the Union Pacific
Railway/Denver, delivered an address 'on
"Colonization." He claimed the national
irrigation law will fail unless improved
methods of colonization adopted and
urged greater co-operation between States
and land .owners and ' railroads.
' John' Henry Smith spoke on "The Colo
nisation of the West," • and during his
talk he devoted some time to a defense. of
the character. of Brigham Young. Major
Carson. "Washington correspondent of the'
New York Times, "also ; spoke' briefly. ¦
Governor George', C* Pafdee'of Califor
nia then. spoke\ on "The^ Relation of Colo-'
nization to Irrigation." as'follows:'
•; GOVERNOR'S 'j. SPEECH. ,
. SAN BERNARDINO, Sept. 16,— The peo
ple of San Jacinto, a little town southeast
of here, at the base of San Jacinto Peak,
have- just discovered the startling fact
that a leper has been mingling m their
midst for the last three months without
their knowledge. G. Li. GreenweU brought
the story to this city to-day.
Some time ago there arrived 'at San
Jacinto a Mr. and Mrs. John. McQuade,
who rented a cottage in the suburbs. He
was a' carpenter and -prosperity 'smiled
on" him from the. moment that he first
set his foot In the town. The couple
made frienfls, but no one ever caught a
glimpse of his wife's ; face, 6he 'always
appearing in the presence of others heav
ily veiled. The man explained this by
stating that she was bothered with a
painful rash, which, if exposed to the air,
would become the more : ". aggravated.
The other ' day two deputies from the
United States Marshal's 'Office; arrlvedin
town and on going* to *the housej^ccu
pled by the couple they found It" deserted.
After a Ions search they found- several
persons who had seen them' leave " the
evening before on the train. The of
ficers explained that Mrs. McQuade was
a leper. ¦ ¦ . ¦
The couple were married in Chicago
several years ago, Where she had been
employed as a city school teacher. Sho
was regarded as an exceptionally bright
young woman and had received honors
from several leading seminaries in the
country. They had a desire to travel and
so set forth for the Orient. At Honolulu
McQuade was offered a position at a high
salary and concluded to settle there. Al
though he protested his wife secured an
appointment as principal of the native
schools, she having a desire to master
the language. This position brought her
in touch with lower classes and from
them she contracted the dread disease.
For a time she occupied a cottage in the
leper settlement, her home being built for
her especially,- and In an isolated place,
where she- would not come in contact
with the other lepers.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Former Chicagoans Depart
and Leave No Clew
Behind Them.
' " Much minor damage was done to the
breakwater. The Harbor of Refuge east
end light and the day mark on the break
water were carried away. Some of tho
piilng at the reporting station was washed
away and the telegraph line was'down all
day. ; . I -:; v
The fury of the storm was felt at
Lewes, near here. Many trees . were
blown down and chimneys damaged.- ¦
The barge Marcus Hook, from Philadel
phia for New York, was almost wrecked.
She dragged her anchors and was fast
drifting on to tho cape when • tugboats
saved her and towed- her to safe anchor
age. . ' '-i*i'"'.:
• An unknown bark is anchored off Ocean
City, Md.." with distress signals in her
rigging. The pilot boat Philadelphia has
gone to her assistance? "¦'*..';
FLYING DISTRESS SIGNALS.
In the old harbor southwest of the mari
time reporting station three schooners
dragged'their anchors and collided. They
were the Emily F. Northam, • the Ade
line Townsend and the Sea Bird. The
Sea Bird, which was a two-masted vessel,
tank. Her crew was rescued and landed
on -the point of Cape Henlonen. The men
were cared for at the life-savlntf station.
The Noriham's jibboom was carried away
and her yawl wrecked. The Townsend
lost her head sear and jibboom.'
"The barges Elmwood. Gllbertson and
Kalmia. laden with coal from
phia for eastern points, were sunk In Del
aware Bay westward of the Brown shoal.
Their crews were rescued by the tug
Tamaqua, which was towing the barges.
The tug Spartan, which was towing
the coal^barges Treverton, Hammond and
an unknown barge, is reported to have
sunk.' The barges are anchored at Bear
shoal. -There are no tidings of the Spar
tan's crew.
It Is' reported that three coal barges
were sunk on the ocean off the capes and
that their crews probably are lost.
SEVERAL CREWS MISSING.
The most serlqus wreck reported was
that which yesterday afternoon befell the
schooner Hattie A. Marsh, whose captain,
J. B. Mehaffey, and four members of the
crew were drowned. The Marsh hailed
from New London. Conn., and was bound
from Painters Point, Me., for Philadel
phia with afcargo of paving stone*. She
was caught In the terrific wind storm out
side the new stone. breakwater. The cap
tain tried hard to reach the . Harbor of
Refuge, but before he could do so the
vessel had to anchor and try to ride, the
storm. Her anchors did not hold and the
schooner with her dead ¦ weight - of
stone was v . dashed - on - the . rocks
of, the. .Harbor .of Refuge. ..The
steara pilot- boat v ' Philadelphia went- to
the -rescue;- but -succeeded- ,i- saving-only
Mate Norman- Campbell'; and' one' seaman.
Captain 'Mehaffey and the tour other satl
ors were lost In 'the fury of_ the lashing
waves: f '.Ttie rescued men were taken to
the Lewes . life-saving station* and cared
for. j - They .were :in a ifery exhausted con
dition, when picked. up, , ' •'•; '¦*'.'. "
ware Capes early this morn-
Ins: with almost cyclonic force, and as a
result at least five lives were lost in this
Immediate vicinity. The storm lasted
from 3 o'clock this morning until 7 o'clock.
The wind reached a maximum velocity of
eighty miles an hour and the rain fell in
torrents." ;
tm-^ ELAWARE BREAKWATER,
m Gel., Sept. . 16.— The southern
B , Eg storm which had been coming
B ..'Ml up the Atlantic coast for
fit 4^ several days struck the Dela-
Tug Sinks in
Sight of the
Yacht.
No Trace of
Lost Ships'
Cottage Empty When
Pursuers Discover
Her Retreat •
Refugee From Hon
olulu Escapes
Officers.
Co-operation Is Urged
as Necessary to
Success.
All on Board
Thoroughly
Drenched.
Shipping Suf=
fers in the
Storm.
President's Suggestions
Are Received With
Enthusiasm. *
LEPER HIDES '
IN A VILLAGE
OF THE SOUTH
Lives Go Out
on Sinking
Vessels.
DELEGATES TO THE IRRIGATION CONGRESS
APPEAR TO BE ABOUT EVENLY DIVIDED ON
THE QUESTION OF REPEALING LAND LAWS
Frail Craft Is
Swept by
Seas.
PRESIDENT ROOSEVELT'S LIFE IMPERILED BY TERRIFIC GALE
WHILE CRUISING LONG ISLAND SOUND ON THE YACHT SYLPH
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FBANCISCO; THUKSDAY, SEPTEMBER 17, 1903.
VOLUME XC1V— NO. 109.
The San Francisco CallFEDERAL, COURT COMMISSIONER
WHO ACCEPTED J. W. ERWIN'S
BOND AND THE TWO SURETIES.
ANGLESEA, N. J., Sept 16.— The ocean
going tug Spartan, which was engaged In
towing coal barges between Philadelphia
and New England ; ports, foundered dur
ing this morning's storm on the ocean at
the entrance . to Delaware Bay.' and '< it Is
feared five of the trew are lost- .The
other ten men of the ' crew word rescued
off floating? wreckage near Cape Henlopen;
by a fishing boat, and ' landed at this
place. They report that they became
separated from the other ' 'five men.
Five of . Crew Are Hissing.
JAMES W. ERWIN. assistant super
intendent of city free delivery and
former postal Inspector, was for
mally arrested yesterdfcy afternoon
on the indictment charging him
with conspiracy to defraud the United
States Government and was at once . re
leased on bail. Immediately after the
service of the warrant he was' handed his
notice of removal from the postal service
of the United .States Government.
The service of the warrant took place
In the chambers of United States Com
missioner E. H. Heacock in. the Apprais
ers' building. Shortly after 2 o'clock the
accused entered the court room accom
panied by his attorney, Samuel Knight,
and his two bondsmen, Willis G. Witter
and Thomas Rickard. Among others
present interested in the case were United
States District Attorney Marshal B.
Woodworth, Postal Inspector James
O'Connell, United States Postofflce In
spector In Charge Robert R. Munro and
Deputy United States Marshal A. L..
Farish.
Judge Heacock allowed the accused
man to waive the reading of the warrant,
as all parties in interest were thoroughly
conversant with its contents. The Judge
stated there was no necessity of going
into the formality of identification of the
accused, as every one present knew him,
and there was no reason to instruct him
regarding his rights as to securing an at
torney, as he had already provided him
self in that respect. This ended the for
mal ceremony of the service of the war
rant.
Attorney Knight asked that the case be
set for hearing on September 25, as by
that time he thought the defense would
have ample time to prepare its case. The
Judge stated that his calendar was
pretty well filled up, but that he thought
Insomuch as the accused was anxious
for a hearing at as early a date as possi
ble he would arrange to meet the request
of Attorney Knight and the case was ac
cordingly set to be heard at that time at
10 a. m.
Attorney Knight brought up the ques
tion of the amount of bonds required for
his client, and being Informed by the
Judge that $5000 was the amount required
by the United States Government Knight
said his client was ready to furnisb/rthe
amount, and the bond was forthwith pre
pared and duly signed by his bondsmen,
Willis G. Witter and Thomas Rickard.
Just as Erwin arose and was preparing
to leave the court room Postal Inspector
Munro stepped forward and handed him
his letter of dismissal from the service of
the Government. It read as follows:
Office of the Postmaster General, Washington,
D. C., September 9, 1903. .
Sir: You are hereby removed from the posi
tion of assistant superintendent city free deliv
ery, said removal to become effective on the
date of the delivery of thla letter to you. Very
respectfully,
H. C. PATNE, Postmaster General.
Erwin accepted the letter and after
"The Utility of Public Grazing Lands"
waa discussed by W. M. Woodridge of
Hunsdale, Mont.
Adjournment was taken until 9:30 to
morrow morning, when Senator Newlands
of Nevada, who waa to have spoken to
day, "Will deliver an address.
The other side of the Government • land
question was presented by Congressman
F. W. Mondell of ; Wyoming. . He spoke
on "The Value and Importance of the
Desert Land Act."
Commander Booth-Tucker of the Salva
tion Army, who has led the Salvation
Army movement for the establishment in
the West of colonies from the tenements
of the Eastern cities, was then Intro
duced amid great cheering 1 . - -
Senator Paris Gibson of Montana spoke
on "The Repeal of Some of Our Land
Laws."
The highest. idea of ancient Hebrew prophets
was the coming of the mlllenium, when the
earth should be the final abode of a kingdom of
peace. These prophecies constitute the basis
of the exalted poetry of our language and bear
the charmed life of immortal youth.
If the Lord shall comfort Zion, he will com
fort all her waste places and he will make her
wilderness like Eden and her desert like the
garden of the Lord. Joy and gladness shall be
found therein, thanksgiving and the voices of
melody. "I will open rivers in high places and
fountains In the midst of the valleys. I will
make the wilderness a pool of water and the
dry lands springs of water. I will plant fn the
wilderness the cedar and the myrrh and the oil
tree. I will set In the desert the fir tree and
the pine and the box trees together. The wild
erness and the solitary places shall be glad
for them, and the desert shall rejoice and blos
som as the rose."
The rioneers of- this State of Utah antici
pated the coming of this march of civilization
by more than half a century. Adherents of a
new religion, they encountered the repulsion
of the old. All religious beliefs are faultless
only to those who believe 1n their Infallibility,
and whatever else may be said of the faith
which brought the pioneers of this State to
the very heart of a vast desert, it cannot be
said that It was wanting in the power to at
tract and hold the martyrllke devotion of its
adherents. They found here an arid desert;
they converted It into a fertile garden, and the
achievement of this miracle is referable to the
magic of Irrigation.
Standing in the very center of the vast terri
tory about to be reclaimed from aridity to fer
tility, it is eminently fitting that our delibera
tions shall promote the full fruition of that con
quest. We stand on the threshold of a coming
empire. Here fertility, bound in the chains of
aridity, has awaited the awakening influence
of energy, enterprise and capital. That the
national irrigation law will be the magic rod
of Moses Is our devout hope.
UTAH PIONEERS AHEAD.
primitive nor pioneer, condition. The very
Joundation of that great commonwealth waa
laid upon lines so broad as to admit of no other
than a nobli* superstructure; and this unprece
dented.instance of the community lite of Houth
crn ralifprn;a and the exaltation or civilized
conditions there, which have known rto primi
tive statp. is referable to the single fact that
the entire superstructure stands upon the ad
vanced art ol irrigation. Tcke from the a<1
vancfd civilization of Southern California all
that portion due to irrigation and its splendid
cities would relapse into the romance of adobe
hamlets and the tropical luxuriance of Hb or
chards and its avenues would reverj to their
original condition of arid solitude.
When the national irrigation law received the
Fignature of President Roosevelt the United
States prepared to make an onward and an up
ward step in national progress. Territorial ag
grandizement by conquest may be the beginning
of Industrial and commercial expansion, but the
nation which seeks expansion through the evo
lutionary development of Its inherent capabili
ties has chosen a nobler and surer highway of
success. The arid region of the United States,
comprising the territory lying west of the 100th
meridian, embraces 1,700,000 square miles. If
armies had been set in the field for the acquisi
tion of an e«jual area of territory we would
have regarded it ae a formative event in the
history of the nation; but the national Irriga
tion law is the beginning of a peaceful terri
torial conquest of far-reaching significance. No
war In which any nation has ever been en
gaged !s fraught with such prophesy of bril
liant achievement in the great office of extend
ing our national possibilities or of broadening
the basis of our civilization. This Is a conquest
which involves no expeditures of vast sums of
money in wasteful extravagances of war, nor
yet the shedding of blood, and Its ultimate
achievement will be a victory of peace whose
6plendor, if less picturesque, will not be less
renowned than war.
: In the production of human food and human
raiment, the pupply or deficiency of moisture
is of paramount importance, and its control not
only the key to productiveness, but to the con
servation of fertility. It is among the primi
tive notions of the value of irrigation that the
practlve of the art had but one use— that of
truprlying the deficiency of moisture; but In
Its broader significance the art of irrigation
In thie gTeat office of acting In concert with
the purpose of the Ail Father in promoting
Wie life-bearing Stage of the world. Irrigation
has performed a most conspicuous office and
is destined to bfcomt a Ftill mere potent factor
tn laying the foundation in our own country
?L'2 ! mpire , or «-e*I«h «nd population beyond
the dream* of our most far-seeing statesmen.
The productive capacity of the earth has in
creased as man ha« been able to seize upon
¦tid direct and control the forces of nature
At the basts of individual life lies the solution
Ol tne problem of maintaining existence Thin
primitive problem solved, the breadth, 'scope
«id rxalUtion of any civilization will be de
termined by the width of the margin of
weaith, the demands of a more physical exist-
OFFICE OF IBRIGATION.
Ir. the infancy cf the race the natural pro
ducts cf the earth were tfrijcnded ujxin for the
lurpcrt of the human family; the unprotected
rame of the forests, the fishes of the streams
and the uncultivated fruits of the earth were
relied upon to supply the wants of man. By
flow and painful steps the art of agriculture
directed nature and aided her in the produc
llon of greater abundance in that age; the
Sribes and the nations of men, having defer
tilircd the country- which they had inhabited
with a common impulse and sought
«ther countries wherein use had not destroyed
rhe hegiras of population, of which historical
liihtancps are eo abundant, were merely armies
VI ignorance, commanded by necessity mak
ing warfare upon the fertility of the' earth.
\\ hen necessity commanded the movements of
.ribes and nations, self-preservation Justified
the inevitable conflict and war was the result
4\ hen there vu net sufficient for all force
rave that to which : was to the strong- but
by the aid cf human Intelligence, the art of
ipiculture conferred the Weeing of plenty
Jhe appeal from the ewcrd to the plowshare'
Trrm the spear lo the prunlng-hock, was likel
wise the appeal from famine to abundance as
sr*a as from dwtructlve war to creative ueace
Now constantly increasing populations oc
cupy the same territory Tor successive genera-
Alons and find the fertility resulting from sci
tminc agriculture to outrun the demands of
'Jie growth T>f empires.
The earth is the source of all weaith Life s
sustained by its frulte, raiment Is Its eencr
ouis bounty, »ni;e its dwellings, its temples
Df worship and its palaces are the girts ot ltt,
juarries and its forests. Since the earth ,s
:he «ource cf all wealth, all values in their
.ate« analysts, relate to it; all stocks, boniib
ind mortgages and the entire range of incor
poreal properly Unds its basis cf security in
ihe earth. The productiveness of the earui
T<;nstitutes the foundation of every empire
and the incneate and conservation of this fer
tility ie the only guarantee ci .the i>err>eluation
sf national existence.
sf this address to my friend William Thomas
of Ban Francisco, cne of the citizens or Cali
fornia, who hag studied the subject mure
deeply than I have had time cr occasion to do.
If what I have to say shall possess mtrit you
will understand tht creuit belongs to him
rather than to me.
It was u proverb among: the Romans that
"Men do most resemble the gods when they
create States." We are here in the inu-reft
Df founding a new commonwealth and. as It
were, laying the corners-tone cf a Suture em
pire.
Continued from Page 1, Column 4.
HONOLULU GIRL MARRIES
AN ITALIAN NOBLEMAN
Miss Alice McKee Spaulding Becomes
the Wife of Count Leonardo Er
sola Bonzi. .
.HONOLULU. Sept. 16.— Count Leonardo
Ersola Bonzl, a member of the guard of
the King of Italy, was married yester
day on the island of Kauai to Miss Alice
McKee Spaulding. The bride is -the
youngest daughter of Colonel Spaulding,
owner I of the Kealia and McKee sugar
plantations. She first met the Count
several years ago at a fox hunting meet
near Rome. The newly -married couple,
accompanied by Colonel Spaulding, sailed
on the steamer Alameda to-day, en route
for Italy. They will reside temporarily
at the Count's home near Milan, but will
make their permanent home on Kauai.
PHILADELPHIA, Sept. 16.— The Fourth
Congressional District Republican Convention
to-day nominated Reuben O. . Moon, a lawyer,
to succeed the late Congressman Fcerdner.
reading it remarked in subdued tones:
"This closes my career with the Gov
ernment after sixteen years of faithful
and conscientious service." Being admon
ished by 4^ number of intimate friends
who were with him that so soon as he
had been vindicated of ' the charges
against him he would undoubtedly be re
instated he replied: "Yes, that Is all very
well, but just the same" for the present
this letter puts an end to my connection
with the Government and I am out of
that service now.". ~ >. / »
Attorney Htilght stated that he thought
by September 25 they would have their
case fully prepared and evidence suffi
cient, he thought, to keep his client from
being sent to Washington for trial.
IRRIGATION CONGRESS.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 16.-The State
Board of Examiners to-day received a
claim from Deputy Sheriff Sharkey, with
an assigned claim of Constable Maxwell
attached, for the capture of convicts
Wood and Murphy at Reno. N'ev. The
receipt of the Folsom Warden for the
prisoners is attached and alpo a letter
from the Sheriff of Washoe County stat
ing the part taken by the claimants in
the capture.
Deputy Sheriffs Claim Beward for
Capture of Convicts.
CLAIMS FROM RENO.
"Red Shirt" Gordon was considered to
be the shrewdest and most desperate of
the fugitive convicts and the authorities
had but very little hope of ever recaptur
ing him. After the convicts had suc
ceeded in their break and had got beyond
the prison grounds. Gordon, realizing that
he would stand a better chance of escap
ing: if alone, suddenly dropped away from
the crowd and was not missed for quite
a while. The other convicts were very
much incensed at Gordon for his doing as
he uid and swore vengeance on him if
any of them ever chanced to meet him
His presence in Texas shows the man's
resourcefulness in getting far away from
the Bcene of the prison break and the
subsequent man hunt.
FOI^SOM. Sept. 16.— A telegram was just
received by Warden Wilkinson from W.
B. Mathls. an officer in Jacksonville. Tex.,
conveying the information that he had In
custody convict 474S, Richard M. Gordon,
one of the men who escaped in the Jail
delivery of July 27, and asking the
amount of the reward. There can be no
Question but that the Texas officer has the
right man, but how he was captured is a
mystery. as there are no particulars at
hand.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Desperate Leader of Convicts
Is Run Down in Lone
Star State.
The recent rapid growth of California, as a
whole. Is the moet remarkable Instance of'ra
pidity of urowth, associated with maturity of
civilized conditions, to be found anywhere 'in
modern Instances. Southern California had no
BIVEESIDE COLONY-
The Riverside Colony of California has an
Irrigated area of 13,000 acres. These aere2
constitute the basis of community life to the
extent of 10.000 inhabitants, or one Inhabitant
for every on« and one-third acre. At River
Bide abundance is supplemented by the hlrhMt
embellishments of civilized life. The Drlmitlve
problem of existence having long since been
passed, the higher attainments of human aspira
tion have been reached, and Riverside would
Buffer nothing by contrast • with any other por
tion of the world where the pleasing combina
tion of beauty and utility would be under con
sideration.
The valley of the Po furnished informatory
illustration of this. In the three provinces of
Lombardy. Piedmont and Venice comprising
the valley of the Po and Its confluents, there
are 3,(Xrf>,000 of acres of land under irriga
tion. The population of the region, based
ui»on the productive capacity of. the soil whose
natural production is re-endorved by the con
trol of this single facton. Is over 8,000,000 in
habitants. The climatic conditions of the Po
are not favorable to a wide diversity of ob
jects of cultivation. Only in especially fa
vored regions of very limited area is the
production of eeml-troplc&l plants possible.
Throughout the major portion of this irrigated
area the thermometer descends to 10 degrees,
maintaining that temperature a sufficient
length of time to control the character of the
flora; and yet 8,000,000 Inhabitants find abund
ant subsistence . In this favored region solely
because one of the paramount factors of pro
duction is under the control of man
Let us contrast this with the conditions in
the great Sacramento Valley in our State of
California. The Sacramento Valley has a fer
tile area equal to 6.500,000 acres. It possesses
soil of unsurpassed fertility and It lies under
a climate conferring the widest range of agri
culture and horticulture possibilities. The
temperature of that great valley seldom de
scends to 32 degrees Fahrenheit, and in fifty
years' observation has not fallen below 20 de
gree*. Like the valley of the Po. local con
figuration confers variety of conditions which
must be intelligently mastered if errors of
cultivation would be avoided. But when the
two regions are contrasted with reference to
area, fertility and climatic possibilities, the
% alley of the Sacramento, under equally inten
sive cultl%-atlon to that of the Po, Would sup
port In affluence and comfort, with an assured
abundance, 10.000,000 people
Fresno In the heart of the great San Joa
3^L ey V f Urn L 8h i 8 a etrl *»nK "lustration
of the extent to which irrigation may energize
all the attributes of civilization. - In that lo
cality a commonwealth of 22,000 prosperous
people Is baaed upon 60.000 acres of Irrigated
land and the significance of these figure" la
W.v'^S? 1 by th * "Gentle stite^ent
that the banking exchange, generated by the
export and import commerce of the people of
France, is greater in proportion to that num
ber of inhabitants In that locality thSS In w
other known community. n any
With the factor of moisture under the con
trol of man. his control over the creation of
wealth is vastly enhanced. Civilization is
based upon the existence of wealth, since em
pires are based upon population. With one
of the three factors of production under his
control man can by his will create states,
and in the exercise of this pdwer he does
most truly resemble the gods. In the ancient
world the greatest density of population was
found in regions originally desert, because in
euch regions fertility can be evoked only by
resort to irrigation, and •wherever Irrigation
is resorted to the density of population, the
existence of great wealth and of empire are
found.
BASE OF CIVILIZATION.
Perhaps tho most noted instance of success
ful apriculture In the world relates - to the
great valley of the Po,, a valley representing
a broad i-tretch of fertile plains between the
Aprennir.cs and the Alps in Northern Itaiy.
H»to irrigation has found its hlgh'-st demon-
Uratici. of value; and yet. the valley of the
Vo is not in any reEpect deficient in precipita
tion of moisture. The annual rainfall of that
valley very greatly exceeds that of many por
tions of the earth wh^re heretofore the declar
ation of the necessity of irrigation would be
regarded as absurd, in the extreme. ....
Cut Irrigation has other uses and other ob
jects than merely' supplying deficiency of
moisture: one of its most beneficial uses is
the distribution of the moisture throughout the
>«ar. There are but few portions of the oarth
where the annual rainfall is economically dis
tribute! throughout all reasons; fully 80 per
cent of the earth's surface is subject • to ir
regular meteoro!offiral conditions, and these
undirected conditions arc wholly inadequate to
the necessities of man. The human race has
long since passed the stage where natural con
ditions may be depended upon for ev«n a bare
(subsistence. Fertility, temperature and moist
ure are the three prime factors of production.
If these three were under the absolute control
cf man the great fundamental problems of
civilization would have been mastered. Irri
gation may be depended upon to solve two cf
thfst — moisture and fertility.
With the element of moisture under his con
trol man has maFtered two of the three great
forces cf production. Scientific irrigation is
absolutely indispensable to scientific agricul
ture. Dependence upon the natural precipita
tion of any country is at best a barbarism.
Just as we have been obliged to no longer
depend upon the spontaneous production of th*
t-arth to sustain life, so we will have to aban
don our dependence upon natural precipitation
as a productive force in every cu'.tivated. coun
try. Irrigation, with Its concomitant, drain
age, is therefore as important in one portion
of the world as another. It has acquired a
Fe«>mins Importance, however. in what is
known as arid regions where the absence of
moisture is so plainly obvious.
THE VALLEY OF THE PO.
In some of the valleys of our great State of
California the observation of a series of years
demonstrates a greater loss from excessive
moisture than from deficiency. In the progress
of scientific agriculture :t is just as important
that man should control the destructive condi
tions, in order to modify them at either end
of the^e extremes. Any proper system of Ir
rigation Is of necessity, accompanied by a
system of drainage. It is for this reason that
irrigation is equally as valuable In countries
of heavy precipitation a» in countries where
the meteorological conditions nre such as to
deny sufficient rainrall for the annual ma
turity of crops.
In a deliberative body, convened for the pur
pose of considering the single subject, some
reference to elemental principles cannot be
inappropriate. Plant food is found in the soil
by the operation of the law known to science
as "elective absorption." The soil has but the
slnple instinct of holding on to this plant food,
nor does it yield any of its food to the plant
in a saturated condition cf less than ten de
grees. When that degree of saturation is
reached the plant is stronger than the soil and
growth ensue?. This plant food is deposited
through the soil by the asrency of percolating
currents. By this law cf elective absorption
the soil takes from the water the elements of
plant life, which is yielded up and which is
deposited in the soil only by the perpetual
movements of subsurface percolation. While
the scil begins to yield its plant food to the
plant life whose roots penetrate the soil at ten
degrees of saturation, it very soon reaches a
degree of saturation wherein dilution is as de
structive to vegetation as aridity. If man
would have control of this paramount factor
of moisture he must tmve equal control ever
excessive as well as deficient moisture; drain
age is, therefore, a concomitant of irrigation.
means the control of moisture and the adapta
tion of that moisture to the actual necessities
of plant life.
BALTIMORE, Md., Sept. 16.— The "Dem
ocrats of Maryland held their State con
vention in this city to-night and nominat
ed the following ticket:
For Governor, Edward Warfleld of How
ard County; State Comptroller, Dr.
George T. Atkinson of Somerset County;
Attorney General, William Shapehard
Brjan of Baltimore.
The' face issue plank, which. is regarded
as the most important in the platform,
declares for white supremacy in State,
county and municipal government. The
clause relating to the race question is as
foliows:
tVe beliex-e that the political destinies of
Maryland should be ehap<ed and controlled by
the white people of the State, and while we
disclaim any purpose to do any injustice
whatever to our colored population, we de
clare without reserve our resolute purpose to
preserve in every, conservative and constitu
tional way the political ascendancy of our
race.
The remainder of the platform relates
to State issues. .¦ : :
The police arrangements In Jersey City
were extraordinarily careful, officers be
ing lined up all the way from the ferry
slip to the train.
As the President was passing through
the room ip which, women who had been
excluded were being detained temporar
ily a pathetic Incident occurred.' An el
derly woman approached him, crying out
pitifully. The President inquired about
the case and Jearned that the woman
had heen detained at the prison since
July 30. On that date she, with her hus
band and four children, arrived from
Russia. The husband and one child had
come over as second " cabin passengers
probably because they knew they were
afflicted with a disease which would bar
their admission 'to this country from the
steerage, while the woman and the other
three children were ' steerage passengers.
The husband and one child escaped "from
the ship. Although the evidence showed
that the woman had a son in this coun
try engaged in a profitable business, she
and her three children were held up. ¦
After the facts had been" developed, the
President announced ;that there' could' be
no possible reason for detaining the wo
man'longer, and it was evident she and
her children were financially able to care
for themselves. The case, however. Is
pending on appeal before Secretary, Cor
telyou of the Department of Commerce
and Labor, and he doubtless will release
the woman in accordance with the Judg
ment of the President.
At 7 o'clock to-night the President, ac
companied by Secretary Loeb and his
personal attendants, went aboard the
Sylph for dinner. ,. At 10 o'clock they left
for Jersey City on the tug Chamberlain,
where they boarded the train, for Antie
tam. ' '
NEW YORK. Sept. 16.— President Roose
velt to-day visited the Ellis Island Im
migration station and while there ap
pointed a commission to thoroughly in
spect the. station and make a personal re
port to him of the result of their Inves
tigations. - _ . ,
I Despite the furious storm, a large party
assembled . at the Island to greet the
President. He was welcomed by Com
missioner of Immigration Williams.
Before beginning his tour of inspection
of the station President Roosevelt inform
ed Commissioner- Williams that it would
be Impossible for .him to make such an
inspection as he would like in the lim
ited time at hie disposal. Commissioner
Williams then requested the President to
appoint a commission to make a complete
Inspection. The President named 'as- the
commission Eugene . A. Philbin, Thomas
Hynes, Arthur von Briesen and Ralph
Trautman. The. commission will report
personally to the President at the conclu
sion of its investigation.
During the afternoon many interesting 1
incidents occurred, the President acting
on his desire to go directly among immi
grants themse.ves with a view of ascer
taining how they were treated.-. He
was particularly interested by the fact
developed that the majority of the ap
plicants for admission were supplied with
American money. The statement waa
made by the- immigration officials that
immigrants passed at the station carried
at the average aggregate $8,000,000 a year
In American currency. ;
The President's interest was attracted,
by a comely German woman, Adele Wal
ter from Leutendorf,.who bore In a wick
er basket a tiny babe. After chatting a
moment with her the President slipped
a five-dollar bill into her hand. She. was
greatly affected on learning that the gift
was from the President of the United
States. . . .
State Convention Nominates
Edward Warfleld for ..
Governor.
Convict Is Captured- by
an Officer in
•Texas.
Maryland- Democrats
Declare for White
Supremacy. •
ve3tjgation
Appoints a Commission to
Mak9 a Thorough In-
Roosevelt Spends a Day
With Detained Im
migrants.
RACE QUESTION
MADE THE ISSUE
VISITS STATION
AT ELLIS ISLAND
"RED SHIRT"
GORDON NOW
IN CUSTODY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER IT, 1903.
Postal Official. Is /Arrested, but Released on
Ball,;" Pending Hearing of the Charges Filed
Against Him by the United States Authorities
ERWIN IS DISMISSED FROM
GOVERNMENT'S EMPLOY
2
! 1792 1903
ST/\TE7V\EINT
OP THE
CONDITION AND A77AIB3
——OS* TT-j Vj i i
Insurance Company
OF NORTH AMERICA
CFOUNDED A. V. 1782)
OF PHILADELPHIA. ZS THE STATE Oy
Pennsylvania, on the 31st day of Decem-
ber, A. D. 1902, and for th* year endlax oa
that day, as made to the Insurance Commis-
sioner ot the State of California, pursuant to
the provisions of Sections 610 and 811 of th*
Political Code, condensed as per blank fur-
nished by the Commissioner.
Capital S3.0CO.0O0 00
Amount of Capital Stock paid ui»
tn Cash 3.000.000 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company.. $723,500 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.. 1.130,907 23
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company. B.T91.73O 00
Amount of Loans secured by . .
pledge of Bonds. Stocks and
other marketable securities as
collateral 821,400 00
Cash In Company's Offlc« 10,307 63
Cash In Banks 1.147.103 23
Interest due and accrued oa
Bonds and Mortgages 7,627 SO
Premiums in due Course of Col-
lection • 886.832 it
Bills receivable, not Matured.
taken for Fire and Marina
Risks 88,099 10
Book accounts due company 4,283 88
Due from other Comoanies for re-
insurance on losses already paid 090 07
Total Assets ..S10.flg4.lS3 50
LIABILITIES. ~~~~
Losses adjusted and unpaid $113,600 27
Losses in process of Adjustment
or In Suspense 068,612 70
Leases resisted, including ex-
penses •^••••A:-^- *9.718 03
Gross premiums on Fire Risks /"
running one year or less, $3,- .
277 077 33; reinsurance 50 per
cent 1,638,088 es
Gross Bremiums on Fire Bisks
running more than on* year.
S3 ays. 493 29; reinsurance pro
rata 2.C88.433 S3
Gross premiums on Marine Time
Risks. S : reinsurance 60
per cent 362.119 00
Amount reclaimable by the In-
cured on perpetual lire insur-
ance policies 769.411 19
Cash dividends remaining unpaid 60 00
Due s-nil accrued for salaries,
rent, etc ..*- 4«.54fi R«
All other liabilities 60.433 5S
Total Liabilities $3^713.004 58 •
' INCOME. ~
Net cash actually received for
Fire premiums Sl.S91.334 43
Net cash actually received for
Marine premiums 1,838.613 73
Received for interest on Bonds
and Mortgages 70.949 43
Received for interest and divi-
dends on .Bonds. Stocks. Loans
and from all other sources..... 837, W»M
Received for Rents '. 42.844 44
Received from all other sources.. S11.S21 21
. Total Income IT.413.71S 17
' ~ v E3CPENDTTCRE3. •
Net amount paid for Fire Losses S2.S23.417 S3
Net amount paid for Marine
Losses n 1.WT.855 41
Dividends to Stockholders ....... S59.940 00
Paid or allowed for Commission
or Brokerage 1,512.63164
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other ZJ-JLl-1
charges for officers, clerks, etc. . S94.212 24
Paid for State. National and „_-_--
Local taxes •• •'-'-, 159.379 00
All other payments and expeidl- „_ ,
tures 373.643 51
Total Expenditures S6.448.084 33
Fir*. Marine.
"£%.« the"ea?S2.7O7,917 S3 S1.159.S55 41
Rliks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.'
Net amount of Risks
£*"?. . .^^ .* h8 S394.679.472 S«.293.041 37
Net amount of Risks
expired during .,tbe
"peSK?* 1 * l«g 617.4^1^ 7.278.478 M
Mar. Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written tfurtnr the
year ...... .•••••• *»2.«C9.703 J2.1S5.S65 21
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
T eaV\ 391.356.118 2.133.497 40
Net amount In force
December SI. HXP- 6.508.614 363,119 00
' CHARLES PLATT. Preset
OREVILLE E.FRTER. BeCy. •
Subscribed and sworn to befor* me. thla 16tti
day of January. 1903.
RICH'D. H. REILLT. Notary Public*
Losses Paid Since Organization, $111, 557,074. S7
JAMES D. BAILEY, General Agent
412 CALIFORNIA STREET.*
SAN FRANCISCO.
CEO. n. MURDOCH S. SON, City Agents,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
PE=RU=NlrilwS]EASES OF WOMEN.
* " your Peruna. She don't look like the
and was almost a skeleton I was so poor, same woman. She la stout and well and
Now I can eat anything I want and It tne mother of three fine boys. I want to
don't hurt me, and I can sleep all night gS^nnle^faTl. ? klndDe33 -"-
long and getup and work all day long. I \ " ~
don't have any nervousness now. but am Anyone desiring information touch-
happy all the day long. I sing the praises fAg USQ Qf p eruf}a af fh fjmg
of Peruna wherever I go, and I believe it ~ .
saved my life. I could not have lived of life can write to Dr. Hartman with
through the summer in the condition i tho assurance that her letter mill be
was In, as I was In the Change of Life.* .
I had tried many doctors, but they did me held strictly confidential. All advice
no .good. Peruna certainly cured me of • .-// l b n : ven /-»- o f chnfina
the after-effects of the Change of Life. J Wl " °° 9 lveii Tr0 ° 0T Marge.
was, almost crazy, and had headache. If you. do not derive prompt and satis-
backache, and was so nervous that I would factory results from the use of Peruna,
almost bo Into fits. I could not eat nor write at once to Dr. Hartman, giving a
sleep and was almost In my grave. I had full statement of your case, and he will
tried many doctors, but they did me no be pleased to give you his valuable ad-
good. I tried your Peruna, and I felt bet- vice gratis.
ter from the start. I took about five bot- Address Dr. Hartman, President of The
ties of Peruna. and the. awful headache Hartman Sanitarium, Columbus, Ohio.
¦ MHBBEBfifflZSBBSnHHBEBHIBBBBS^. i
"King of all Bottled Beers.** Z
x Browed from Bohemian Hops*
SOLO EYEEYWHERB.
blLBERT MERCANTILE CO..
Pacific Coast Agents.
' ~ "
MINERAL SPRINGS,
Located nine nslles northeast of Red Bluff oa
the line of the Southern Pacific Railway.
Cases of RHEUMATISM. GOUT A*.*D ALI.
BLOOD DISEASES WILL ' BE ACCEPTED
UNDER A GUARANTEE THAT THEY WILL
BE CURED WITHIN A SPECIFIED TIME
OR ALL EXPENSES. INCLUDING RAIL-
WAT FARE, WILL BE REFUNDED.
These wonderful springs can be reached b7
the Southern Pacific Company's system of rail-
ways and its connections throughout the United
States - - -
For rates of fare and routes of travel apply
to any Southern Pacific Railroad Accnt.
For guarantee or reference to cures effected,
address Medical Department.' Tuscan Mineral
fc-prlners Corp.. Tuscan, Cal.
IDEAL WEATHER
IS THE EXPRESSION OP
EVESY ORE AZiOXTQ THE
California Northwestern R'y
The Picturesque Route of California.
Ticket Offices of the Company, 650 Market
Street (Chronicle Building), and Tlburon Ferry.
foot of Market street. General Offices, Mu-
tual Life Building, comer of Sansoxne and Cal-
ifornia streets, San FrancUco.
H. C, WHIT1NO. R. X RYAN.
Gen'l. Manager. Gen'l. Pass'r. Agent.
PARAISO SPRINGS
MOHTEBEY COUNTY, CAi.
The leading Summer Resort of the
Pacific Coast. Hot Soda and Sulphur
Baths, large Swimming Tank, first-
class table. Send for beautiful illus-
trated booklet and rates to F. W.
Schroeder, Manager, or San Francisco
Agent, II Montgomery street.
DEER
HUNTING.
If you want to set a deer, go to WUllta.
stop at the Wlllits Hotel. Mendoclno County
Is beat bunting ground in the Stats near to
San Francisco. Deer season open until, S«o-
tember 80. WM. WEIUAND. Prop.
AGUA CALICIMTE SPRINGS
OPEN ALL YEAR ROUND. Natural hot
•ulphur springs, temperature 115 degrees. Nj
staging. Fare 11 10. Sura cure for rheuma-
tism, asthma, kidney and liver troubles. Tub
and hot plunge baths. The largest mScerat
water swimming- tank In the State.' Compe-
tent lady and gentlemen masseurs, swimming
Uacher. Special rates from now on. Peck's.
11 Montgomery st. THEODOR RICHARDS.
Agu* Callente. Sonoma Co.
V!CHY SPRINGS.
S miles from Ukiah. Mendoclno Co. Natural
electric waters, champagne baths. Only pU:«
In the world of this das*. Fishing, hunting.
Crystal Springs. Accommodations: table first*
class. - J. A. HEDEMEYER A CO.. Props.
THE WEEKLY CALL
$r per Year.
©_ CAUTION!
«P»Hfr£P||^ As poor butter spoils
g° od bread, so poor
t^W^$^^^ sauce destroys the flavor
LEA&PERRINS.
! the original Worcestershire;
Beware of unscrupulous dealers who so far forget their own interests and'
, the health of their customers as to sell you worthless imitations of
LEA. &PERRINS'! SAUCE.
¦ ';¦• •¦ - ' : - JOHN DUNCAN'S SONS, Agents,' NEW YORK. 1 :;
ADVERTISEMENTS.
- - ¦ _ ... . ¦ - ¦ i
As prescribed by a law
enacted by the last Legislature
the State Board of Commis-
sioners* in Optometry has is-
sued certificates to the under-
signed firms, entitling them
and their employes to practice
the fitting of spectacles and
' eyeglasses :'. \f-
; KOGFE OPTIC AX CO,
311 Port St.
SZSSCK ft RAISES, \
7 Kearny St.
ETAKDAED OPTICAL CO.,
217 Kearny St.
BEBTELIHQ OFTXCAX. CO,
16 Kearny St.
HASKELL ft JO2TES OPTICAi CO.,
343 Grant Are.
, Cu_lw J3 -BEEETT1 OPTICAI, CO,
991 Market St.
CAXIFOSEriA OPTICAi CO.,
' 205 Seamy St.
OSO. H. KAHZT,
301 Kearnjr St.
HUraT ZABV ft CO.
(The Ocularium),
• 643 Market St.GILROY, Sept. 16.— A forest fire la rag-
Ing in the . redwood district seven miles
west of Gilroy." The.Greeninger ranch has
been on lire all day and a large force of
men are at. work fighting the flames from
adjoining, ranches. Careless hunters are
supposed to be the cause.
Forest Fires Near Gilroy.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 16.— This after
noon Acting Governor Alden Andersor
signed requisition papers upon the Gov
ernor of "Washington for the return o;
George Pensacola, wanted in Solam
County for murde'r. Sheriff Keyes of So
lano is now in Seattle awaiting the r*
celpt of the; papers.
Eequisition Papers for Pensacola.
REDDING. Sept. 16.— Insane either fron
excessive use of cigarettes or as a resul
of brooding over a whipping admlnisteret
to him by his father a month ago, Johi
Vanderford, the 18-year-old son of Jamei
II. Vanderford of Junction City, Trlnlt]
County, sent a pistol ball through hi:
heart this afternoon, dying instantly.
Young Man Kills Himself.
Judge Hart to Compel Devine to
Answer for Refusal to Testify
Before Grand Jury.
SACRAMENTO. Sept. 16. — Superior
Judge Hart to-day cited City Trustee
James H. Devine to appear on the 26th
inst. and answer for contempt of court
for refusing to answer, questions put to
him by the Grand Jury. Devine had re
peatedly made declarations that attempts
had been made to bribe him. The Jury la
trying to find out who the bribers are.
SACRAMENTO TRUSTEE
CITED FOR CONTEMPT
FRESNO. Sept. 16.— Leo Splvey, wanted
for murder. In Jackson, Caps Glrardeau
County, Mo., was arrested this morning
and is in the County Jail awaiting the ar
rival of the Sheriff from Jackson, Mo.
The crime with which Spivey Is charged
is a particularly .atrocious one, the vic
tim's head, it is said, having been severed
from the body. The murder was commit
ted on May 15. ' :—
Spivey has been in the mountains work-
Ing at Bennett's Mills and came to town
last Sunday, since which time he has been
under surveillance. He went here under
the name of "Fred Turpin:" In the room
at the hotel where he stopped was found
a suit of clothes which in detail an
swered the description of the garments
worn by Spivey, as noted in the circular
sent out by the Sheriff ot Cape Glrardeau
County. Spivey eluded the trail of the
Sheriff's officers this morning for a time,
but when he was arrested* It was in the
act of paying his hotel bill before depar
ture from town. After having been taken
into custody he admitted that he is the
man wanted for the Missouri murder. The
only, detail that he denied was that he
severed, his victim's head from the body.
Sheriff Collins did not have a printed
description of Spivey, such as is usually
sent out. by Sheriffs when a criminal is
wanted. He says that he had a "tip"
that- Spivey was working at the Bennett
Mills up in the mountains and had him
watched till he came to thi city. Then
he wired Sheriff Schade at Jackson, Mo.,
giving a description of the man and stat
ing that he had him under surveillance.
Schade wired back: "Arrest Leo Spivey
on sight. Will come with the proper pa
pers immediately." There is a reward of
$500 offered for the capture if Spivey.
Missouri Murderer Con
fesses Crime After
Arrest.
FRESNO SHERIFF
CAPTURES SPIVEY
Special prices on instantaneous water
heaters at the San' Francisco Gas and
K!«ctrlo .ComDany. . . . . , • •
To nV your, hand It is necessary to buy
where all ¦' grades of the best 'makes are
in stock. r The "Waterman," "Swan" and
"Marshall" fountain pens fill every want.
Prices, $1.00, to $5.00 each." Sanborn, Vail &
Co., 741 'Market strcetHSSSBGBn *
Fountain Pen News.
A. ¦ first mortgage was filed for record
yesterday covering a loan of $400,000 by
the California . Safe Deposit and Trust
Company to the r Mutilal , Electric Light
Company secured by a bond Issue in the
sum named. The lighting company, mort
gages all of its properties now owned or
hereafter, to be acquired by the corpora
tion.
Lighting Company Mortgages Plant.
STOCKTON, Sept. 16.— The Sunset Tele
phone Company's main lines . leading to
San Francisco were cut last night about 9
o'clock. on a pole near the Stockton Glass
"Works. Manager Gross says that he has
no hesitancy -in declaring, that it was the
work of a lineman and probably a striker.
The company has offered $1000 reward for
the apprehension of the guilty . person.
Telephone Lines Cut.
Eva Cournier. 16 years of age, who was
arrested on: complaint- of her father be
cause she persisted in performing in a
dance hall at 406 Dupont street, was or
dered by -Police Judge Fritz yesterday to
keep away from the resort. The Judge
will make an Investigation and the girl
was Instructed to appear • again on Sat
urday, when he will decldo; what to do
with her. ; I
Must Not Visit Dance Hall.
Masked Men Iioot Oklahoma Banks.
GUTHRIE,' O. T., Sept. 16.-Six masked
men robbed the bank atvpouglass, O. T..
early this morning of $5000. The robbers
when they left the bank went to a livery
stable, got the cashier's buggy and drove
off.''- '- ¦ / ¦ ' ¦¦'¦•¦ r ' ; ' '. ¦¦ -¦
WOODI/AND, Sept. 16.— The rural de
livery, system was inaugurated in Yolo
County to-day with two routes and C. H.
Johnson and L. . G. .Stone as carriers.
Their routes are twenty-two and twenty
five miles in length respectively, it is
probable that these routes will be extend
ed and' others added as the people become
better acquainted with tho advantages of
the system. ' .
Rural <I>elivery in Yolo.
ASHTABULA, Ohio, Sept. 16.-The Ca*
nadian patrol steamer Petrel confiscated
a number of fish nets belonging to Amer
ican fishermen In Lake Erie. It Is sup
posed the officers of the Petrel decided
that the nets were set on the Canadian
side of the line. This, however, is denied
by the fishermen. The nets were valued
at $2000. i v- ;..• : V<
American Nets Confiscated.
Mary Shannon brought suit yesterday
against the Von Rhein.Real Estate Com
pany to recover 5300 she deposited with
the firm to bind the purchase of a' piece
of realty on Van Ness avenue near Lom
bard street. She says that after' making
the deposit she learned that the. title to
the realty *was defective and demanded
its return, but was refused.
Sues to Recover Deposit.
HELENA. Mont., Sept. 16.— The second
trial of. the celebrated Minnie "" Healey
mine case, In' which the parties interested
are tho Amalgamated Copper Company
as plaintiff and the United Copper Com
pany as defendant, was begun to-day in
Judge Clancey's court at Butte. The suit
Is over the possession of a $10,000,000 cop
per mine.
Minnie Healey Mine Case Again.
Fifteen recently appointed lieutenants
who are ordered to the Philippines paid
their respects \p General MacArthur at
his headquarters yesterday. One private
was sentenced to pay a fine of S30 and an
other to be imprisoned for nine months
by the department commander yesterday.
The soldiers on duty at Fort Mason held
a field day yesterday. .
News in Army Circles.
- H. E. Fleming, 1329 Hayes street, who
has a hardware store on Third street,
secured a warrant from Police Judge Fritz
j-esterday for the "arrest of Louis Helbing
on a charge of petty larceny. He said
that Helbing had been hanging around
his store and yesterday, morning Helbing
Ktole thirty feet of lead pipe and several
tcols of the value of $45.
Accused of Stealing Tools.
JACKSON. Ky., Sept. 1C— The marching
and exercises of the Salvation Army "that
Is touring the feud districts brought a
large crowd from the mountains to this
city to-day. Tho parade and services
here last night attracted large crowds,
but it was not until to-day that the rural
districts turned out on horseback, in ox
carts and all sorts of vehicles, many also
walking great distances. The meetings are
so successful that Colonel Holz has de
cided to remain hero over Thursday.
Salvationists in Feud Districts.
SAN RAFAEL. Sept. 16.— The heirs to
the estate of Mrs. Martha Bucklew are
particularly desirous that the trustee,
William Wilson, be removed and accord
ingly, have petitioned Judge Lennon of tfie
.Superior Court of Marin County to do so.
*The petition was filed with County Clerk
Graham -to-day. Judge Lennon has or
dered Wilson to appear on Monday, Octo
ber 5, ¦ to show causw why he should
longer manage the estate.
Some sensational accusations are made
against Wilson. The estate Is valued at
about $30,000. Two years ago It was ap
praised at $27,000 and consists of valuable
Marin County property situated at San
Quentin and real estate here.
In the petition Wilson !a charged with
mismanagement of the estate, violations
of his oath of. trust, and that he is unfit
to act- as the trustee of the property. A
deceased daughter, Mrs. Martha Allison,
and the " grandchildren, Mary E. Tilson
and F. -B. Allison, are the heirs that
signed the petition. Wilson is a son-in
law of deceased and is a jeweler at 1011
Broadway, Oakland.
William Wilson Is Charged in Pe
tition With Mismanagement
of the Estate.
BUCKLEW HEIRS WANT
! THE TRUSTEE REMOVED
ST. LOUIS, Sept. 16.— Suits for the re
covery of $250,000 were filed in the Circuit
Court to-day agaist Thomas B. Cleage of
the Cleage Commission Company by
George B. Grlswold, representing invest
ors living in California and. elsewhere.
The purpose of the suit, as stated, is to
prove there never was such a corporation
as the Cleage Commission Company, but
that Thomas B. Cleage fraudulently did
business under that name, which the pe
tition alleges was mythical and fictitious.
California Investors Sue.
INDIANAPOLIS, Sept. 16.— Joseph T.
Fanning, grand exalted ruler of the Be
nevolent and Protective Order of Elks of
the United States, to-night completed the
list of appointments of national officers of
the order. They are: Board of governors
for Elks' National Home, Meade D. Det
weiler, Harrlsburg, Pa.; Thomas F. Mc-
Nulty, Baltimore; L. Lazarus, Lynchburg,
Va.; grand esquire, Thomas E. Dunne,
San Francisco; irrand inner guard, W. H.
Moreland, Colorado Springs; grand chap
lain, Rev. Walter Davenport Buckner,
Pine Bluff, Ark.
Thomas E. Dunne of This City Will
Fill the Position of Grand
Esquire.
GRAND EXALTED RULER OF
ELKS APPOINTS OFFICERS
The climax came when Attorney John
son, after submitting Truxtun Beale to a
long and exasperating cross-examination,
popped the following query:
"So you admit that you and Williams
started out to attack Mr. Marriott in his
Hiram Johnson for the plaintiff
end Williams and Beale. the' defendants
in the damage suit now In course of trial.
Twice did the pugnacious attorney for the
prosecution offer to meet either of the de
fendants under Marquis of Queensberry
rules and warm words were exchanged
between the attorney and Williams which
threatened for a. time to bring the offtred
opportunity *o a sudden acceptance before
the bar of justice.
THE dignity of Judge SIoss' court
room came dangerously near to
being disrupted yesterday by a
free-for-all fight between Attorney
After the closing of the testimony, Hi
ram Johnson renewed the motion ' pre
viously entered In the early part of the
trial to strike out all the testimony re
lating to mitigating circumstances as be
ing utterly at- variance with the plea of
self-defense, which the defense is stand-
Ing upon.- Judge SIoss took the matter
under advisement and will announce his
decision to-day when the trial is re
sumed. :
"And you hit a defenseless man on
the head with a revolver in his own house
andwithin call of his wife and children?"
Beale replied Indignantly that he be
lieved Marriott to be armed or he would
not have taken such measures. Williams
intervened at this juncture, and after the
Judge had straightened matters out the
taking of testimony proceeded more
peacefully until the defense had closed
its case.
'Well, I did not know to what a pass
our Interview might come," replied the
witness.
Beale had little more success at keep
ing his temper than Williams. Upon di
rect testimony he related a story which
tallied with that of Williams in every
particular. When Johnson took hold of
him trouble commenced almost at once.
"Did you take a gun out to Marriott's
house because you were afraid of him?"
asked Johnson.
arousing his ire evidently to the strain
ing point. Williams would not admit that
he accompanied Beale to the house of
the editor to act as a referee. He also
stoutly asserted that he only fired upon
Marriott when he thought that he him
self was in danger of being shot down.
BEALE SUFFEBS ALSO.
Johnson repeated the ' question with
measured cadence. Williams' temper
snapped. "You are very dense, Mr. John
son." said- he. Johnson continued his
cross-questioning to great length, failing
to catch the witness In any material
points of his testimony, but succeeded In
"When you. Thomas -H. Williams, ranp
up Mr. Marriott from your home and said
over the telephone that- It, was Truxtun
Deale who was talking, that wa3 not the
truth, was it?"
"It- was the 'truth -in that I was acting
as the asent of Beale."
When Williams was turned over to
Johnson It soon became evident that the
clash which occurred between the two in
the rriminnl trial before Judge Cook
would be flupllcatcd in- even a more viru
lent degree. ¦
"Are you armed with your 44-callber
revolver and your dagger ' at : present?"
t arked the attorney.,- - •
"No; for vmir. benefit I left them * at
home, Mr. Johnson," suavely replied Wil
liams.
Williams maintained that Beale did not
strike the first blow in the struggle which
took place in the hallway of Marriott's
house, but that he only struck to defend
himself. When Marriott- was running- up
the flairs, Williams asserted, the editor
paused near the top and made a demon
stration as if to draw a revolver, and' it
was at that moment that he shot likewise
in self-defense.. • .; . ,tv
WIIXIA.MS NOT ARMED.
Bernard Jeffrey, who was. at the time of
the shooting a reporter of 'The Call and
had been detailed to interview Mrs. Mar
riott on tha night of the shooting; then
substantiated the story told by the police
officers, and Frederic . Bishop, who was
acting city editor of Tho Call on the
nipht of the assault." tola of rpeeivirjr a
telephone message from Mrs. Marriott in
which the same tale .was repeated.
Thomas Williams then took the stand
in hfs own behalf. To the' direct question
ing: of Ms- attorney he pave a detailed ac
count of the affairs of the night in which
the editor of the News Letter had been
assaulted by himself and Beale. The wit
ness alluded to. the alleged defamatory
article which had appeared in the News
Letter against the affianced wife of Beale
and to the effect which It had upon both
the lady In question and his friend. He
next told of how Beale had stated a de
termination to demand a retraction from
Marriott and of their trip to Marriott's
house on the night of September 3.
The case opened In the morning with
the examination of- Detective Thomas
Gibson. Attorney Dunne elicited from
him the fact that to him Mrs.
Marriott made the . same statements
as she had to the two other members of
the police force to the effect that she
heard five shots altogether and that sEe
was In the nursery until after the third
had been fired. Upon cross-examination
Gibson admitted that when tVilliams was
arrested at the Pacific Union Club no ef
fort was made to relieve, him of the
weapon with which he ;iad done .the
shooting and that no memorandum of
v.hat Mrs. Marriott Eaid -about the affray
had ever been turned in to Chief of De
toctlves Martin.
TESTIFY FOR DEFENSE.
Thfi Williams, who was sitting behind
Dunne, his counsel, came to the rescue of
his co-defendant.
"Are you a lawyer or a prize fighter?"
asked Williams.
Johnson uncorked the vials of his accu
mulated wrath. Turning to where Wil
liams was sitting he shook his finger at
him savagely and delivered himself:
"Well, possibly I am enough of both to
take on either you or Mr. Beale, or both
if you will come at me from the frent."
Disorder reigned for a minute and then
the Judge admonished the combatants
that he would tolerate no more such
scenes.
own house?" ¦
"That is false. I have admitted nothing
of the kind," returned Beale hotly. -
"It is not false— that, truth is shown by
the testimony," vociferated Johnson,
squaring his shoulders at the witness.
SANTA BARBARA, Sept. 16.—Burg
lars some time during last night entered
the Wells-Fargo express office here and
robbed the safe of $1049 in coin and cur
rency. The rear door was entered with
a key and the safe opened In the regular
way, by the combination, which was
found in a book in a drawer of one of
the desks In the office. About $300 locked
in a separate compartment of the safe
was overlooked by the burglars. The,
rear door was fitted with a Yale lock.
There were no marks of violence on the
door or safe, nor any evidence of confu
sion in the office. .
| The burglary was first discovered by
Horace Stewart, son of Sheriff NaUStew
art, who is one of the office messengers
and usually is the first to arrive/at the
office in the morning. Entering the back
door as usual, Stewart was surprised to
find the door open and proceeding toward
the front office, he discovered the safe
door swung wide open. Closing the of
fice he went to the hotel where Acting
Agent Adams stays and informed him of
the robbery. The affair was immediately
put into the hands of the Sheriff, who is
now working on the case. The manner
of tho burglary tends tq make it appear
that the haul was made through the con
nivance of some one who had accurate
knowledge, of the inside workings of the
office. The regular agent of the office Is
P. B. Yates, now in Los Angeles on a va
cation and who is, expected back to-mor
row. In his absence, Adams, the cashier
of the office, has been acting agent.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS, WHO WITH TRUXTUN BEALE IS BEIXb SUED BY EDITOR FREDERICK MARRIOTT
FOR 1100,000 DAMAGES, AS HE APPEARED YESTERDAY WHILE ON THE 'WITNESS STAND IN JUDGE
SLOSS" COUHT.
Rob Wells-Fargo Safe
of $1049 in Coin
and Currency.
BURGLARS LOOT
EXPRESS OFFICE
Such symptoms, it was added by Dr.
Webster, are common in appendicitis.
What shall be the precise line of treat
ment pursued in the case of Sir Thomas
is declared to be purely a matter for
speculation as yet, despite the fact that
his disease has yieided to diagnosis.
Immediately after the examination to
night Sir Thomas fell into a doze, out
of which he did not awake for several
hours. According to the physicians, the
Irish baronet slept most of yesterday.
This may have been due to the fact that
opiates were almost constantly adminis
tered to him to ease the Intense pain he
was undergoing.
All of the members of Sir Thomas' suite
passed an anxious day and evening. De
spite the assurances of the physicians
that while the patient's condition was se
rious it was as yet in no way critical
they were much worried. Many telegrams
of sympathy were received by Sir Thomas
to-day.
The symptoms noted in the examination
of Sir Thomas are described by Dr. Web
ster as follows:
We found that our patient was suffering: from
pains of an Intense and colicky nature in the
region of the appendix, that there was muscular
rigidity on the right side of the body and local
ized pain and pressure, accompanied by fever.
At midnight Dr. Webster said that it
had not yet been determined whether an
operation to remove the vermiform ap
pendix would be necessary. In its pres
ent stage th« baronet's ailment is de
scribed as "catarrhal" appendicitis, in
which there is inflammation of the ap
pendix, unaccompanied by the formation
of pus or abscess. Should suppuration
ensue, says the physician, an operation
miRht be unavoidable, while in any case
it is far from being an unlikely mode of
treatment.
The foregoing was given out after a
second consultation held by the physi
cians. Another conference and examina
tion were held to-night, and at 11 p. m.
the followins bulletin was issued:
The condition of patient continues satisfac
tory. HOMER M. THOMAS, M. D.,
GEORGE W. WEBSTER. M. D.. -
NICHOLAS 8ENN, 11. D.
CHICAGO, Sept. 16.'— The serious con
dition of Sir Thomas Llpton and the com
plaint from which he Is suffering were
officially made public In a bulletin issued
late this afternoon by the three special
ists in attendance. The bulletin was as
follows: - .,
The disease, colitis and catarrhal appendi
citis. Is progressing favorably and patient satis
factory. HOMER M. THOMAS. M. D.,
GEORGE W. WEBSTER, M. D.,
NICHOLAS SEN'N, M. D.
Special Dispatch to Tho. Call.
Latest Bulletin Announces Improve
ment, but Members of the Irish
Baronet's Suite Are Very
Much. Worried.
Physicians Declare Condition
Serious, but in No Way -.
Critical.
Distinguished Patient
May Have to Under
go Operation.
DOCTORS SAY
LIPTON HAS
APPENDICTS
THE SAN FBAKCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 17. 1903.
Lively Scene Is Enacted in Court Before Judge SIoss
When Lawyer Hiram Johnson Pesters Beale and
Williams With Questions Until Endurance Ends
ATTORNEY INVITES WITNESS TO MEET
HIM ACCORDING TO QUEENSBERRY RULES
SAN JOSE, Sept. 16.— Eugene Van Der
venter, who had escaped from Agnews
Insane Asylum, was arrested here to-day
while attending the funeral of his wife.
Mrs. "Van Derventer, who was engaged
in the milk business, was thrown from
her wagon Monday night and received a
fractured skull. A day later she died
from her injuries. She was buried to
day and Van Derventer had come to at
tend the funeral. Van Derventer escaped
from Agnews Asylum some months ago.
He has been in different asylums thirteen
times and his case is a hopeless one. He
is a painter by trade.
Into Custody.
Eugene Van Deventer, Who Recently
Escaped From Agnews, Is Taken ,
INSANE HAN ARRESTED
AT HIS WIFE'S FUNERAL
3
Articles that will make
Money for 7011.
Why ¦ Americans
Are .more successful
than Britons.
By John Foster Fraser.
First of a series of the le«t
Contemporaneous Thought
by Yrorld-famoas
. men -begins
Xext Sunday Call.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Ceased During
Fa}nting Spells.
Revived by Artificial
Respiration.
Dr. Miles* Heart Cure
Cured Wife.
Fainting spells are a sure indication c! a
weak heart. The heart car.rot do the work
required of it and stops besting. If it ceasts
for more than a minute dsath ersuts. Weak
hearts rocst have aid frozi th; outside, such
as Dr. Milrs' Heart Cure alone can civr- It
is a heart tonic. It RgoIsSes the pds?, en-
riches the blcad and improves th; circulation.
Tor tvro Tears ray •wifT was in very poor
hea'tb. At first Ler baci-\ troubled "her a
prsat deal, then she iiad shortness of breath
and irregularity ot the prrioris. Th; pain
ia her back grcxe worse and extended to th*
•^aaectioa of the spinal cord at thr base of
the brain and from there to her hestr. She
h»d two rerr bxd sinking- spells when the
r»ia ia her hr«A*>ra» mos; :ntrr.&s and her
or»»:h ttoppcd^Thc second time we had to
*exori t» axtifidtl reipiration to revive her.
W* v»ere tdriiei to five Dr. Miles' Keait
Cir= a trial and I bought * bctt'.c and b-gan
j#ric« Jt us directed. We found the doses
\rerc""r*ft Stroag, EO I jr*^ her half-dosc.s
thtc t-ae« * day, ar.d US bqjin to improve.
After she had taken iwa bottles the pains
wc«e aU f eoe and *he vss fedne l.-ke a new
»4E9*aJ She eectinued tks Iie.*.»t Care in
sra^i d«se« tor several months *nd is now
cuioyiajr feelter health than ferine past six
»**n."— M. J. Turvrjc:-', Dcpt County
Cl-«k. Ki&aath ?. O., C*L
Ail dm^Uts se 1 ! end fasrantet nrst bot-
t'z Dr. Mi:«s* Remedies, i^end fcr free t>ool:
t.n >erv<?a3 sod Hctrt Disc-res. Address
5>r. M-ici Me<iicalCo, Eluhsrt. Ind.
. ThercVi be sonic dm in being
o grocer if all his goods were
like Schilling's Best en inor.cy-
back terms.
The world hasn't £Ot tlicrq
THE CALL'S
GREAT ATLAS OFFER
Will dose on September 24,
1903/ and air holders 'of ."Atla»
Coupons are requested to pre-
sent tiexn immediately, as this
great opportunity .to secure one
of these splendid Atlases at The
Call's premium rates will be
brought to a close on Septem-
ber 24. r
I B. KATSCHINSKI i
I Philadelphia Shoe Co. u
I 10 THIRD STREET, SAN FRANCISCO.
Adjolainr Call Buildiar.
I You Get the Best
I And Yet Save Money-
H We point with pride to the fact
I that we give our customers the best
a values for the least money. That
•j fact has built up our business, for'
i every one acknowledges that when
II they want to buy good shoes cheap
3 they have to come to us. We do
J not have to pay exorbitant rents
S and that's what keeps our expenses
I down and allows us to sell close,
¦ and we can therefore save our cus-
H tomers from fifty cents to a dollar
H on every pair of shoes. Special for
H th«s week: Ladles' finest Vlci Kid
H I-ace Shoes, straight foxed, plain
3 coin toes and extra high concave
3 heels. OUR PRICE ONLY 8.*?.00-
II Sold elsewhere for fi.OO. Sizes. 2\i
] to Va ; widths. AA to D.
I High-Heel Bluchers
fj • A swell article of footwear. Th«
H latest style for correct dressers,
] Ladies' Patent Leather Blucher
1 Oxford Ties, with vici kid quarters,
il extra high French heels and hand--
|1 turned soles. OUR PRICE ONLY
rl 5*11. r»O- As good as can be bought
A elsewhere for $3.50. Sizes, Z\~ to TVs;
If wjdths, A to E.
IB. KATSCHINSKI
II Philadelphia Shoe Co.
I io THIRD 8T* Saa Tnaolsoo.
. ADVERTISEMENTS.
l^Sw^l^^ To sweeten, Dispels colds and |
WWt^^\ 'system, J stipated; . J
• S/S^R^ Effectually I For men, women J
I ) and GefttJy J \ and cMldren; j
ft l^^aj There is only \ Acts best on I
P^^^w one Genuine w the kidneys I
w^ft^lr Sy rw P of Figs; 1 and liver I
to get its bene- I stomach and 1
ficiol effects bowels; I
i^B^^Iift\ Always buy t»he genuine — Manufactured by the I
tel^yUc.Ky: ;| SMvfi*nd«*G»L HewYorKHX. \
hM The genuine Syrup of Figs is for sale by all first-class druggists. The /
"4& v * U H name of the company — California Fig Syrup Co. — is always S
P » printed on the front of every package. Price Fifty Cents per bottle.Cameras and Photo Supplies.
Everything you' need in; cameras ; and
photo goods. Tourists ' and visitors rea
sonably supplied.' Sanborn, .Vail' & Co.,
741 Market street, j ' ' " ' •
. .VALLETTA. Malta, .Sept. a«-— The British
transport Soudan, with a regiment of . troops
on* board - bound -for - India, - which ' waa re
ported to have foundered during the recent
gale which swept over many parts of Europe,
has arrived here.
PARIS, Sept. 16.— The Foreign Office
has been informed that the Persian Grand
Vizier has been dismissed.
Persian Grand* Vizier Dismissed.
.; Captain' David Davies of the lighthouse
tender Madrono died 1 yesterday at the ago
of 72 years. - The deceased. was a native of
Cardigan, Wales, and had been ¦ on the
coast In the lighthouse tender service for
many years. He was widely known,. both
by seafaring men and landsmen.'. He was
one of the sturdy characters : of F the ser?
vice and was noted f or his genial./dispo
sition.'T •; •" "" '
Death of Captain I>avid Davies.
It was announced that an Innovation
was to be introduced within the- circle of
Laura 1 Hall Club in the form of an "Orig
inal Writers' Section," which means that
the authors of short stories are to read
their works, r which ' : will" be - discussed
among the members and "• will -t be. subject
to criticism' at the meetings t : at which
they are submitted. Mrs. Ella M. Sexton
will be president of the new literary sec
tion.
The members of the Laurel Hall Club
met yesterday afternoon In the rooms of
the Sorosls Club, Mrs. George W. Haight
in the chair. Interesting papers were
read, one by Charles Keeler, author of
"San Francisco and Thereabouts," on
"Opportunities of Beautifying San Fran
cisco," and one by Mrs. Thomas W. Col
lins on "Alaska."
There was a large and appreciative at
tendance and the authors of the papers
were the recipients of a vote of thanks.
Eeeler Talks on Beautifying San
Francisco and Mrs. Collins
Tells of Alaska.
MEMBERS OF LAUREL HALL
CLTJB ENJOY ADDRESSES
The arrest has caused much talk In
Chinatown and the Suey Duna have an
nounced their Intention of declaring war
against the Hop Sings.
'. Chinatown has more trouble. Last night
Suey Lew, a woman who resides in Baker
alley, was arrested and taken to Chlco
and the warrant on which she was taken
Is said to have been sworn out for no
other purpose than to wrest the woman
from the clutches of her friends and then
to kidnap her. • .
The transaction on Its face seems noth
ing more than the old trick of a trumped
up charge and is likely to end in war be
tween the Suey Dun Tong, of which sfie
is a member, and the : IIop Sing Tong,
which, it is alleged, caused her arrest.
She ia accused of grand. larceny commit
ted a few days ago in Chlco and her
friends and many who know her in Chi
natown will swear that she has not been
out of this city within the last three
years. It Is said that the Hop Sings In
Chlco have been endeavoring for some
time to' secure possession of the girl and,
failing In other ways, resorted to the
warrant trick to get her within the
bounds of their own camp. The warrant
was brought to this city by Constable
Heldtnan and with the assistance of De
tective Gibson It was served last evening
shortly before the Oregon Express de
parted from the mole. In this manner
the woman's friends were given no .op
portunity to come to her assistance, to
interview her or to furnish bonds. After
she reaches Chlco she will appear before
a magistrate and, it is probable, the
charges will be found to be false. Then,
after her release, she will be kidnaped
and hidden from her city friends. '
¦ All day surgeons worked In an effort to
save the man's life but to no avail and
last night he passed away. I>eceased waa
a young man and resided with his par
ents. He was an excellent officer and
had the respect of his superiors as well
as his brother officers. I He has been as
signed to various beats throughout^ the
city- since his appointment and his last
was on California and Pine streets from
Mason to Larkln. No arrangements have
yet been. made. for the funeral.
Patrolman James D. McLane of Com
pany A of the local police department
received Injuries by falling from a Cali
fornia-street car yesterday that resulted
in his death a few hours afterwards.
According to the story of Conductor
Cummlngs, the unfortunate - policeman
slipped from the step of .the car on which
he was standing, wai thrown to the pave
ment and fractured his skull. He was
removed to his home, 2029 Stelner street,
where surgical aid was rendered, but the
concussion was too great and death came
just before midnight last night.
McLane reported for duty at the Cen
tral Police Station Tuesday night at
eleven o'clock. He was detailed on the
office watch and served until about seven
o'clock yesterday morning. After report
ing- off he boarded California-street car
No. 23 and started for his home. On the
way out he stood on the rear dummy and
engaged In conversation with Conductor
Cummlngs. When Van' Ness avenue was
reached the policeman In Borne manner
missed his footing and fell backward to
the pavement. He was unconscious when
picked up and was conveyed on the next
car to his home and Dr. J. Fottrell sum
moned. ')'¦•"
k ture of Skull.
Policeman ;; James Mc
; Lane Dies From Frac-
Suey Lew Said to Be
a Victim of Ohico
Conspirators. ..
The local authorities at Monastir- are
seeking to prevent the foreign Consuls
and" correspondents leaving the town, un
der thd» allegation that their lives will be
endangered.
It 1" said that the Sultan was much
annoyed when he learned that Albanian
troops had been dispatched to Adriariople.
CONSTANTINOPLE,' Sept.' 16.— The
Feast of the Cross' passed off -without
disturbance at Beirut. ! " • "¦"''
Contrary to the officials' reports, ad
vices from good sources show that the
Macedonian Insurgents are holding their
own at several points and are inflicting
defeats on the Turks In the districts of
Moripova and Melnik, sixty-five miles
from Salonica, where three Turkish bat
talions have almost been annihilated.
Three Battalions Almost Annihilated
Near Salonica. '¦' ' ?s ,
TUBES BADLY DEFEATED.
DEATH FOLLOWS
FALL FROM CAR
with the Intention of suppressing -100 In
surgents from Asso's band.- Eighty-eight
of these men escaped ana the'- remaining
twelve defended ' themselves for several
hours and were killed, when a' second
Turkish regiment arrived on the sceneY
Asso sent a letter to' MaloWsstha the next
day with a suggestive bullet, demanding
the names of the villagers "who had- be
trayed the twelve insurgents.'*" !
TONGS MAY WAR
OVER A WOMAN
ventlon, arose to a question of privilege
and surprised the convention by his
scathing rebuke to Thomas W. Hickey,
chairman of the Democratic Municipal
Convention. His speech was as follows:
I rise to a question of privilege— a question
of privilege -concerning this entire convention.
If the press reports of the proceedings of
Gavin McXab's so-called convention on last
Monday- night are true, and l presume they
are, the chairman of that convention made. In
an exhibition of unspeakable cheek and in
sufferable gall, an unwarranted and uncalled
for attack upon the integrity of .this conven
tion. ' We are Informed by Mr. Thbmas Hickey
that the Union Labor party has been delivered
Into the hands of Republican politicians and
that we are now a part and parcel of the
Republican organization of this city.' It may
be — there may be some deluded friends of
labor who may be deceived and take seriously
the remarks of Mr. Hickey, but If they •un
derstood his motives, ' as the most ordinary
laymen in political affairs In San | Francisco
understand- them, .they -would pay no heed to
them, and I want to inforni air,. Hickey that
the laboring man of San "Francisco is com
petent to Judge for himself. (Applause.) ' And
the delegates . of the convention will afford
them ample opportunity by . our acts to Judge
and determine whether a convention consti
tuted as this is, composed of the loyal rep
resentatives of the various labor unions of
San Francisco, -could or would stan-1 for any
, thing that is not for tha best interests of
labor and the people of this entire community.
(Applause;)
- If Gavin McNab'a mouthpiece had cause to
think — If his mind had \ not been asleep at
the switch (laughter), his tongue would not
have run him off the track of fact and reason,
and I want to further Inform Mr. Hickey that
this convention has done no act cf any kind
which would warrant him or any
'other spokesman of Gavin McNab in' making
i such assertion. This convention has started
out to perform Us duties to the laboring man
and the entire people of San Francisco by
following that course laid down in our plat
form and declaration of principles which have
been so honestly and efficiently illustrated for
the last twenty months in official' life by our
gallanjf leader, our faithful . representative : of
organized labor, the honorable Mayor of all
the ¦ lteople of . San Francisco— Eugene E.
SchmiU|. (Great applause.)
PHELANISM' AND : M'NABISM.
Where, when and by whom was Tom Hickey
— a man who never did a day's wcrk In his
life (lauEhter). constituted an authority on
what the Union Labor party may do or may
not do in this campaign? We seek the In
spection of labor and the citizens of San
FrancUco as to our acts and we will answer
to them for the sincerity of our mrrtives; 'We
care not for the opinion or criticisms of/, those
who stand for McNabism or Phelanlgm, ' and
I want to inform Tom Hickey. ,{urther .that
About. 200 refugees. from the burned vil
lage of Dyavita have mysteriously disap
peared. They- are believed • to have been
captured by Turks, as a Turkish regiment
proceeded to that place on September 10
Further letters from Monastir report
that fighting has occurred- at Kaimaclila
between Turkish troops and 150 insurgents
under the leaders Tan and Aloko. The
result Is not yet known.
Turkish soldiers have raided the estate
of one of the Sultan's bodyguard, . Sef ul6
Bey, at Sturbola Presta, pillaging twenty
six Bulgarian houses, attacked the women
and taking 1300 sheep.
SOFIA, Bulgaria, Sept. IS.— Prince Fer
dinand of Bulgaria arrived here to-day
from Euxlnograd. A ; semi-official state
ment Just issued says:
The news received here of the atrocities
dally committed by Turkish soldiers passes
the bounds at Imagination. The general opin
ion is that every village will be entirely de
populated of the Christian element.
Bulgarian Ruler Resumes Direction
of Affairs in Sofia.
BETTTBN OF FvEBDHTAJNT)
A Vienna paper asserts that Prince Fer
dinand of Bulgaria hafl sent a trusted
agent to King Peter, inviting co-operation
against Turkey.
The correspondent in Sofia of the Dally
Telegraph says that Bulgaria's reply to
the Porte's protest against the continual
crossing of the frontier by bands and the
smuggling of arms and ammunition from
Bulgaria was couched in most uncom
promising language, leaving no prospect,
whatever, of an amicable arrangement.
The Sofia correspondent of the Times
says that the decision of Bulgaria to par
tially mobilize the army Is universally ap
proved. It Is urged that the troops will
be exclusively designed to close the fron
tier against the passage of Insurgent
bands and that the step was resorted to in
obedience to the dictates of the great
Powers. The- decision-, therefore, should
not offend Turkey's susceptibilities.
It is estimated that 8000 raiders are pre
paring to start Into Macedonia or are al
ready assembled in the frontier districts
of Kostcndil and Dubnltza.
Most of the special. correspondents' In
the near East consider war Inevitable, but
think It may yet be delayed, neither the
Bulgarians nor the Turks being really
prepared for it. Tho former are not suffi
ciently armed, while Turkey does not .feel
safe until her lines of communication are
less at the mercy of Bulgarian Insurgent
bands.
tinuation of the excesses in Macedonia by
the Turkish troops' and irregulars.
The Daily Chronicle-, says- it understands
that Great Britain has decided upon a
still stronger step, in the dispatch of a
British squadron In support of her diplo
matic endeavors in Constantinople to put
an end to the massacres. It is impossible,
however, to confirm or deny the Daily
Chronicle's statement.
The chairman explained that some one
had Issued a card which contained 'mis
directions to" voters and which wouia
cause a loss of many votes to the Union
Labor party.
The minutes of the previous meeting
and the roll call were dispensed with in
order that the convention might get down
to business. The chairman announced
that at the initial session of the conven
tion he had been empowered to appoint a
committee of eighteen to select nominees
for Supervisors. He said this was a most
important piece of work and after consul
tation with the Mayor he thought it best
that the delegates select the committee.
He asked that each district name a man
and this course was decided upon. The
committee, which consists of the follow
ing delegates, will meet this evening at 7
o'clock in Pioneer Hall to select Super
visorial Umber:
Thomas F. Dolan, James J. Kennedy,
James A. Wilson, J. B. Williams, George
Richards, John P. llagee, E. I. Walsh.
James de Succa, Harry Bunkers," Daniel
Moriarity, Stephen Gunn, W. C. Lefiing
well, Richard F. Hamann, Charles Cook,
H. Menke, Bert La Rue, Alfred Ronco
vierl and Robert A: Little.
BOAST FOB HICKEY.
Thomas F. Eagan, the orator of the con-
At the opening of ' the convention the
chairman, C. J. Williams, announced that
he had appointed the following delegates
as members of the committee on regis
tration: '•
W. H. Stansbury, Samuel G. Wall, E.
F. Meyer, C. A. Siskron, J. M. Copus, M.
J. Kerrigan, J. Keon, James de Succa, E.
J. Deaver, D. Morlarity. James Billet; W.
C. Lefflngweli; Joseph S. Govin, M. Bollo,
H. Menke, J7 W." Spencer, J. 3. Furey and
James Cohen.
Union Labor Party Convention
Makes Many Nominations.
DELEGATES IN SESSION.
opposition to Phelan and McXablsm Is an un
derlying principle In the ranks of organized
labor In San Francisco; I want, to Inform htm
further that the Union Labor party has come
to stay (great applause) and the culmination
of its career will never occur whlltf a vestige
of that political party — of that oligarchy con
trolled by Phelanism and McNablsm— exists In
political life in San Francisco. (Great ap
plauee and cries of "Good boy.")
When the cheering had subsided Frank
I. Carney moved a suspension of the
rules in order that the following resolu
tions might be read:
"Whereas, The platform of the Union Labor
party contains the following provision: '*\V>
favor a constitutional amendment which shall
make It Impossible for State Boards of Equali
zation arbitrarily to raise the assessment , of
this city, already overassessed, especially as re
gards its smaller property holders," and
Whereas, Since the adoption of said platform
the State Board of Equalization has unjustly
and arbitrarily raised the already high assess
ment of San Francisco property 30 per cent, to
the great Injury and loes of every owner of
real and personal property In San Francisco,
therefore be 'it i ""•'•'*
Resolved by the Union Labor party of San
Francisco, in . convention assembled, That the
action of the State Board of Equalization in
thus arbitrarily raisins the assessment In Sa,n
Francisco Is an outrasre and merits the severest
condemnation; further-.' •,. - -
Resolved, That the chairman of this conven
tion appoint a committee of eighteen, one from
each Assembly district, to confer with hla
Honor, the Mayor, and with such other city of
ficials as may be deemed advisable, for the
purpose of devising a plan to prevent the con
summation of this outrage on the peonjg of
San Francisco and of setting aside. If possible,
the action of the State Board of Equalization.
Resolved, That this convention cordially and
unreservedly Indorses all the propositions now
before the people relating to the Issuance of
bonds for municipal Improvements and the ac
quisition of cubllc utilities.
Resolved, That the attention of all voters of
the Union Labor party is hereby called to the
fact that registration for the municipal elec
tion closes September 23; that there are. only
seven days left within which those who have
not already registered may do -so, and that spe
cial attention be called to . the necessity of re
registering In cases where residence changed
Blnce last registration. ¦ ,. ¦ " ¦¦...
SUPERVISORIAL TIMBER,
Nominations for Supervisors were next
In order, and as each district was called
some delegate placed its candidate 'before
the convention. Some of the districts
were not ready to present a name and
asked for more time. Other districts pre
sented two names.
¦Following are the nominations made
last nieht: .
Twenty-eighth Assembly District— G. G.
UNION LABOR PARTY'S NOMINEE FOR COUNTY CLERK AND THE CALL CARTOONIST'S ¦ IMPRESSION OP
SOME OF THE LEADING LIGHTS OF THE CONVENTION THAT WERE HEARD FROM DURING THE PRO
CEEDINGS AT PIONEER HALL LAST NIGHT. .
BULGARIA IS FIRM.
Refuses to Postpone the Mobilization
of Her Forces.
SOFIA, Sept. 16.— Althoueh no formal re
plies xiave Deen received to the Bulgarian
Government's note, it is said that the rep
resentatives of three great powers have
requested their Consuls to Bulgaria to re
main quiet as, in the evpnt of a war with
Turkey, Bulgaria need not expect any help
in foreign quarters. It is further reported
that the same diplomats visited General
Petroff and endeavored to persuade him to
postpone the mobilization of Bulgarian
forces, but the Premier declined.
One of the ministerial organs, in an edi
torial on the Government's note, says it
hopes it will be the last time that the Bul
garian Government will issue a note. If
the powers do not intervene to restore
order in Macedonia, Bulgaria will under
take with the feeble force she possesses
to do what is expected of her and give
Europe the pleasure of witnessing a
bloody drama in Macedonia.
A telegram from Burgas says that a
general massacre is beginning through
out the district of. Losangrad. Turkish
troops and Bashi-BaEouks attacked a
Greek village near Losengraxl. killed
twenty-five peasants and destroyed the
church, schools and many houses. The
Turks attacked the village of Paulovo
and killed everybody they found on the
streets.
A fight Is reported from Petchonltza be
tween a band of 100 insurgents and 300
Turks. The insurgents, who occupied a
strong position, fired on the attacking
Turks, killing twenty-five.
A telegram from Uekub states thai the
mobilization of the Turkish army is pro
ceeding rapidly and dispatches from Con
stantinople assert that the military party
Is urging the Sultan to order his troops
to croES the Bulgarian frontier without
a declaration of war, which the party re
gards as unnecessary, inasmuch as Bul
garia is a vassal etate of Turkey. The
Sultan is said to be hesitating.
BRITAIN MAY SEND FLEET.
Said to Contemplate Intervention to
Put End to Massacres.
LONDON, Sept. 17.— The efforts of the
Powers, according to the latest telegrams,
are directed, both in Constantinople and
Sofia, toward an endeavor to avert war
It is stated that all the Embassadors In
Constantinople have drawp the Porte's at
tention to the danger of permitting a con-
gene E. Schmitz for Mayor, reas
sembled last night at Pioneer Hall, on
Fourth street and resumed the work of
placing a municipal ticket In the field.
The delegates were entertained by a
speech from Orator Tom Eagan, who
arose to a question of of privilege and
hurled back -at Orator Tom Hickey,
chairman of the Democratic Convention,
some Insults which the latter hurled at
the Labor party last Monday evening. It
is quite evident that the labor leaders are
not looking for any support In this cam
paign from the Gavln-McNab end of the
poor old Democratic party. Also it is ob
vious, according to the trend of Hickey
rhetoric, that the McXab Democrats are
not expecting much help from tne
Schmitz wing of the Labor party.
It was significantly remarked last night
by the Labor convention's nominee for
Public Administrator thai he was a friend
of Michael Casey and thai he hoped Casey
would get in behind the ticket. The sen
timent was applauded by several dele
gates. Philosophers say that "hope is the
medicine of the unhappy" and therefore
the inference is deducted that those who
hope for the second coming of Casey are
not quite happy.
THE Union Labor. Party Convention,
which assembled recently at Turk
street Temple and nominated Eu-
CONSTANTINOPLE. Sept. 16.— Official
dispatches report that in an encounter
which took place between the Turks and
a large body of insurg-ents at the village
of Kermon, near Lake Perlepec, the insur
gents were routed, with more than 100
killed and a great number wounded. In
the same vilayet the insurgents set fire
to the village of Kachin. One hundred
and fifty houses were burned and six
women perished in the flames.
SALONICA, Sept. 16.— Insurgent bands
of 650 men were annihilated by the Turks
on September 11 between Iskib and Kra
tova. Another band which attacked the
railroad near Demorhlssar was repulsed
with loss.
VIENNA, Sept. 16.— The Tageblatt says
that the Powers have arrived at a de
cision to make a new collective repre
sentation at Sofia, warning Bulgaria
against commencing a war.
Salonica Advices Report
Disasters to Mace
donian Bands.
For Mayor, .
EUGENE E. SCHMITZ.
For County Clerk,
POWEL FREDRICK.
For Coroner,
DR. JOHN F. DII/LON.
For Public Administrator,
J. J. CONLEY.
One Hundred Killed and
Many Wounded
at Kermon.
UNION LABOR PARTY NOMINEES
Programme Is Put
Through Very
Cleverly.
INSURGENTS
ARE ROUTED
IN BATTLE
Thomas W. Hickey
Is Criticized by
A A I I— II ¦
Much Enthusiasm
Is Shown by
Delegates.
MoreNominations
to Be Made
: To-Night.
RACE FOR MAYOR
IS OPEN TO ALL
Republican Delegates
Have No Slate to
Consult.
Convention Free to Select
Strongest Man for the
Offica.
A meeting of the McKinnqn memorial
committee was held last night at 21 Pago
street, ColoneL Thomas . O'Neli^ In tho
chair. The chairman stated (ftkt owing
to the recent reception to President
Roosevelt and the Grand Army Encamp
ment which followed, th'e committee
thought It better to hold the movement
for the memorial in abeyance for a while.
He said that now it had concluded to
gather funds and Interest organizations
and the public in the matter of a suit
able monument in honor of the late Fath
er McKinnon.
It was also stated that General Jame3
F. Smith had already sent a liberal dona
tion to the committee and that several
banks had also contributed. From Sac
ramento, where an entertainment had
been given to aid the cause, a substantial
check had been received.
It is intended to have an entertainment
In every large city of the State, by which
it Is expected the fund would be largely
augmented. It was also stated that Cap
tain Kelleher and the Rev. Father II. W.
I. Reaney have taken up the matter of
the memorial In New York.
There were present at the meeting Col
onel Thomas O'Neil, Rev. Father James
A. Grant, Rev. Father F. X. Uorriaon,
Charles A. McPhee, T. P. O'Brien,
Captain W. Wehser, John J. West, Col
onel Thomas F. Barry. Colonel William
Macdonald. Peter Curtis. Thomas Cos
tello and Bernard Macdonald.
Committee Receives Strong Support
and Flans Entertainments in
Aid of Cause.
WILL RESUME WORK FOR
THE M'XrNNON MEMORIAL
The delegates to the Republican con
vention will assemble again at the Al
hambra Theater next Wednesday evening.
It is exDected that the convention will
give ample time to the consideration of
the reports from the committees on plat
form and order of business. Nominations
may not be reached at the second session.
The number of aspirants in the field for
the various offices Indicates active con
tests. ; •. :.'
There are signs of a fight between Gen
eral E. S. Salomon and ex-Senator Frank
McGowan for the District Attorneyship.
The announcement In yesterday's Call
that Charles S. Laumeister had entered
the race as a candidate for the nomina
tion for Assessor caused no little com
ment in political circles. Washington
Dodge, who Is slated for renomlnatlon by
the manager of the Democratic conven
tion, expects the indorsement of the Un
ion Labor party, but thi3 expectation may
not be realized.
The Union Labor delegates are not man
ifesting any desire to help out the Demo
crats in this campaign. If Dodge fails
to Bet the labor indorsement Laumeister
will waUc hi3 log.
John Lackmann. the present Sheriff.
may get the nomination for Mayor. The
contest for the mayoralty nomination in
the Republican convention Is open to all
earners. There is no slate or programme.
General George Stone has many ardent
supporters, who maintain that the Re
publicans all along the line would cheer
fully support him. General Shafter also
has active and earnest supporters who
assert that his nomination would be
equivalent to his election. The supporters
of Henry J. Crocker are enterprising and
confident. They assert that he is pop
ular, well known and thoroughly fitted for
the office. It is a sure thins that thai
candidate for Mayor on the Republican,
ticket will be chosen by the delegates to
the Republican convention.
tor and Recorder were called for, but
were passed and will be made this even
ing. Nominations for Public Administra
tor were next called. for, and Chairman
Williams turned his eavel over to the
secretary In order to place the name of
J. J. Conley before the convention. In
his sDeech Mr. Williams said:
I rise to place In nomination for the office
of Public Administrator a man who has been
identified with labor and worked In the rank*
for thirty years. He has "held positions of
trust in labor organizations; has been presi
dent of the Plasterers' Union; has been busl
j ness agent for the Building Trades In this
city, prior to ¦ the present, and only retired
when the organization of which he waa busi
ness agent ceased to exist. I take great pleas
ure In presenting the name of J J. Conley.
(Cheers.) -
ALLUDES TO CASEY.
Jphn P. Magee of the Thirty-third As
sembly District seconded the nomination
and made an unhappy allusion to Michael
Casey, whom the Schmitz end Is trying to
mollify and bring into its camp. Magee
said that Conley had been a victim of
Michael Casey, meaning that Casey had
turned Conley down. Ccnley was nomi
nated by acclamation and when called
upon for a speech took the opportunity
to correct the statement made by Magee.
*He thanked the delegates for the honor
conferred upon him and assured them fie
would make an active campaign for him
self, and the rest of the ticket. He said
Michael Casey and himself had had some
differences, but were the best of friends.
"I hope to see Mr. Casey come right be
hind this ticket as soon as he cornea from
the country." he said. "I am sure he
will, as he is that kind of a man." .
A recess was taken for fifteen minutes
in order to give the delegates some fresh
air. Upon reconvening nominations for
Sheriff and Assessor were called for and
both offices were passed.
Tim T. Trcacy. the contractor, was the
avowed candidate for Sheriff and he had
things tec himself until cx-Assemblyman
J. N. Copus bf the Thirty-second District
was put into the fight by his friends.
Copus, declined to run and it is now an
nounced that Treacy will not accept the
nomination.
DILLON FOR CORONER.
Willlam J. Mindham, an energetic youth
of the Twenty-eighth District, nominated
Dr. John F. Dillon for Coroner. Mind
ham possessed a loud voice, but created
much amusement by calling the delegates'
attention to the generosity of his candi
date. He paid Dr. Dillon some sincere
tributes. He told how the physician had
given his services to the poor without ac
cepting a dollar remuneration. He also
told of his giving drugs away to the fam
ilies of the union men *?ho were out on
strike. He told how well the doctor ran
for the office of Coroner at the last elec
tion and he prophesied that Dr. Dillon
would surely be elected this time. That
Dillon is a popular man is evidenced by
the splendid ovation he received when he
was escorted to the platform. He'was
nominated by acclamation and in his
speech of acceptance spoke for harmony
In the party and expressed the desire to
see the entire ticket elected. He accepted
the platform of his party and said he
would stand by his pledges. He assured
the delegates that he would be a Just
Coroner if elected and would do nothing
to cause any regret on the part of the
delegates who nominated him.
An adjournment was taken until to
night at 8 o'clock. The delegates will
meet In Pioneer Hall and nominate the
rest of the ticket.
Vickerson, vice president of the Union
Labor Convention and business agent of
the Waiters' Union.
Twenty-ninth— Thomas F.^Finn, presi
dent of the Stablemen's Union.
Thirtieth— Joseph Bertran.
Thirty-first— Charles A. Siskron, a dele
gate to th« convention.
Thirty-thlrd-M. J. Kerrigan, a member
of the Blacksmiths' Union.
Thirty-fourth— E. I. Walsh, at present
a member of the Board of Supervisors.
Thirty-sixth— E. J. Deaver and Michael
W. Coffey, president of the 'Hackmen's
Union.
Thirty-ninth— Harry A. Knox, a mem
ber of the Carmen's Union.
Forty-first— Walter J. Holman, business
agent of the Engineers' Union.
Forty-second— E". W. Kent, a member of
the Musicians' Union.
Forty-fourth — J. J. Furey ,- president of
the Blacksmith Helpers' Union.
~ FREDBICK FOB CLEBK.
It was decided- to go ahead with the
nominations for other officers. No -can
didate being offered for Auditor, that of
fice was passed, and nominations for
County Clerk were declared in order. E.
F. Meyer of the Thirtieth Assembly Dis
trict nominated Powel Fredrick. He
spoke in part as follows:
For the office of County Clerk I take great
pleasure In placing In nomination a man who
ha* been with this party since Its very begin
ning. It Is the greatest pleasure — not only for
myself, but on behalf of the delegates of the
Thirtieth Assembly District— the district which
waa first organized as 'a Union Labor district,
the district which gave the largest majority
for the Hon. Eugene K. Schmitz, the district
which, at the last primary election, gave a vic
tory for the ticket which Is upholding the hands
of our Mayor. This district asks this conven
tion for the Indorsement of Powel Fredrick for
County Clerk. (Applause.)
O. G. Vickerson of the Waiters' Union
seconded the nomination of Mr. Fredrick
and the latter was nominated by accla
mation. Fredrick waa invited to the
platform and spoke as follows:
Mr. Chairman and Members of the Conven
tion—t- deeply appreciate the honor you have
conferred upon me In nominating me for the
office of County Clerk. I have read your plat
form thoroughly and I indorse it from top to
bottom. I will do my utmost to be elected and
also to elect the whole ticket, and I guarantee
that no act of mine will ever place a stigma on
the Union Labor party. I thank you. (Great
applause.)
Nominations for Treasurer, Tax Collec-
Expect Indorsements.
District Attorney Byington and Police
Judges Mogan and Cabanlss are slated
for nomination by McNab'a convention.
Their followers attended the Labor party
convention last night and boasted that
they were sure of indorsement In that
quarter. Several delegates, however, were
quite free in expressing the opinion that
nothing could weaken the Labor party
so much in the estimation of the people
as failure to make straightforward, inde
pendent nominations. '''it*:;':
DELEGATES TO UNION LABOR CONVENTION NOMINATE CANDIDATES
TO RUN FOR PUBLIC ADMINISTRATOR, CORONER AND COUNTY CLERK
LONDON, Ky., Sept. 15.— Congressman
Vincent Boreln died to-day of pneumo
nia. He was the only Republican In the
Kentucky delegation.
ONE HTJNDBED PERISH
IN STEAMSHIP WBECK
Chinese Vessel Is Capsized by Ty
phoon With. Great Loss of
Life.
LONDON, Sept. 16.-A dispatch to the
Dally Mall from Hongkong announces
that a typhoon capsized the steamer On
Lin We off Chang Kau Wan and 100 per
sons perished. . ¦ . • ¦
Young Mlllis arrived from, New York
but two days ago. On the journey out he
managed to save about $14 and hoped this
amount would provide for . him until he
could secure employment. Last evening
he met the man who gave the name of
Malloy and the latter offered to secure
employment for him to-day. Malloy took
the boy to a lodging-house at 417 Bush
street and young Millis, weary from
walking about the streets all day, was
soon asleep. At midnight he awakened
and found his companion gone. Suspect-
Ing something wrong, he searched for his
money and found It also missing. With
out waiting to dress he rushed to the
street and shouted for help. With the
crowd came a policeman, who took the
boy in charge, and with Patrolman
Holmes started out to find Malloy. A
search of Barbary Coast was made, but
the culprit was not caught.
Frank R. Mlllis, a 16-year-old boy, was
robbed of a pittance of money which he
had saved while crossing the continent In
a Bush-street lodging-houso last night.
The theft was committed by a stranger,
who gave the name of Patrick Malloy and
who did his petty work under the pulse of
friendship for the lad. When young Millis
discovered the theft he rushed half naked
Into the street, screaming for police as
sistance and was nearly crazed over hla
loss. Officers Heinz and Holmes spent
several hours looking for the thief.
Poses as Friend and
. Commits Theft While
Youth Sleeps.
ROBBER TAKES
BOY'S SAVINGS
¦ • -. • ¦ ¦.••¦
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTE31BER 17, 1903.
4
DR. PIEBCE'S REMEDIES.
"WILFUL Vv ffd-.
WASTE
*§iy#fr \ E¥3A§€ES
yj$\a I WOEFUL
(y V v ********
That old copybook maxim finds its.
most forceful application in the waste of
vitality, which is called "burning the'
candle at both ends." A woman ia
often tempted beyond her strength by
domestic or social demands. Some day
she awakens from this waste of strength
to the woeful want of it. She has be-
come weak, nervous and miserable.
For weak, nervons { run-down women,
there 13 no better tome and nervine than
Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prtpcription. It
restores the appetite, quifcta the nerves
and gives refreshing sleep. It cures
local diseases peculiarly womanly which r
undermiv.e the general health. It makes '
weak women strong, sick women well.
•No doubt you have forgotten me. but after
you read my letter you wiil remember me,»
writes Mr». Annie E. Morinff, of 23S 7th Avenue,
S. W., Roanoks. Va. " In the year 1897, 1 wrota
to you for advice, which you rave me free of
charge. When I wrote to you Twas a wreck : X
could not walk straight for pains ia my abao.
men ; could not sit down, lie down, or jj-t any
ease at all. I had what was called the best doc-
tor here, but did not get any better until I went
through a course of your medicine. I took eight
bottles each of 'Favorite Prescription' and'
1 Golden Medical Discovery • and ten bottles of
the 'Pleasant Pellets.' I tell you the ™~<Hnr
made a cure of me."
Weak and sick women are invited to
consult Dr. Pierce, by letter, free. All
correspondence is he!a as strictly private
Address Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N." Y.
¦ Dr. Pierre's Pellets crrrp biliousness. *
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A UKK.AT RESTORATIVE. 1NV1UO&A.
tor and Nervine.
The tnc»t wor«ierful aDhrodisiac and Saoctaj
Tonic tor th» 6?xol Organs, for bcth «a«sT
The Mexican .Remedy for Disease* of ta»
Kidaeyt and Bladder. Sells on Its own mtrujT
NABER. ALFS * BRUJ(£ A«ntfc
•23 Market at.. S. 7.— (S«od tor CixcuuL-m*
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Consumption Cured
Catarrh Cured
Cancer Cured
Women Cured
-BY—
Electro-Ghemistry.
"Five weeks' treatment at the ELEC-
TRO-CHEMIC INSTITUTE. 118 Grant
ave.. cured me of BRONCHIAL, CA-
TARRH. ASTHMA and RHEUMATISM,
and It also cured me of DEAFNESS and
RINGING EARS and Improved my eye-
sight. I am Flxty-slx years old. 1 have
Buffered many years and all the other
treatments which I had previously used
did m* no good."
<S!pned) FREDERICK MEYER.
Mills College P. O.. Alameda County, CaL
"I was cured by the Electro-Chemlc
treatment of cancer of the breast without
a surjdcal operation. The treatment was
absolutely painless, and. instead of it
making me weaker, I gained ten pounds)
fn weight and gained in strength In every
¦way during mv treatment."
MRS. WILLIAM BARNES. Blacks, Cal.
"My stomach, liver and bowels were In
a bad condition. My food did me no good;
fny blood was weak and my nervous sys-
tem was a wreck. Medical treatment
seemed to make me worse, but In a few
weeks the Electro-Chemlc treatment has
workf d wonders In my case. My digestion
is Rocd, my stomach, liver and bowels "are
normal, my blood circulates freely and my
nerves are stroneer than In years "
MRS. FREDERICK GOCHIA,
421 L. St., San Francisco.
CONSULTATION rr- fry. b- r-
and FIcFF
X-RAY EXAMINATION 0 BlLL
Specialties — Consumption, Catarrh.
Bronchitis, Asthma, Cancers, Tumor*,
Deafness, Head and Ear Noises, Shtn-
aatisia, Paralysis, Neuralpia, Pile*,
Diseases of the Stomach, Liver, Kid-
neys and Bowels, Special Diseases of
Ken and Women. All Chronic Diseases.
ELECTRO-CBEiTlNSTITUTE,
1X8 G&AJTT AVE., Cor. Post St., \
8AS rSAKCXSCO.
Office Hours — 9 a. m. to 9 p. m. and 7 to
8 p. m, dally; Sundays, 10 a. m. to 1 p. m.
Separate Apartments for Ladies and
.Gentlemen.Dress suit case, fiber or canvas telescope
grip, w^can please you in both -quality
and price. Leather Goods Department,
Sanborn. Vail & Co.,' 741 Market st..,*
If You Need a Trunk,
-WASHINGTON. Sept. 16.—Commission
er Richards of; the General Land Offlce
has dismissed W. E. Murphy, chief clerk
of the offlce of the Surveyor General of
Arizona, on account of irregularities in
the administration of that office. He was
suspended from nfflce on A«fsust 12, and
his dismissal is made to take effect then.
'Chief Clerk Murphy Dismissed.
BERLIN, Sept. 16.— Paul Koch, the au
thor, was to-day sentenced to three
months' imprisonment for insulting the
Jewish reugion in a pamphlet on "Ritual
Murder," In which he endeavored to prove
that . ritual murders were practiced in
Germany.
Punished for Insulting Jews.
WARSAW. Ind.. Sept. 16.— The lif; of
Rev. J. Wilbur Chapman was barely
saved here last night by prompt action of
several physicians. By mistake his wife
gave him an overdose of bromidia instead
of a tonic he had been taking. Dr. Chap
man lost consciousness and tho physicians
worked several hours before his condition
was materially Improved. It Is now
thought he" will recover.
Indiana Clergyman's Close Call.
SEATTLE, Wash.. Sept. IS.— Special ad
vices to the Post-Intelligencer from Nome
say:
Captain Mason of the steamer Jennie
brings a report of a beach strike made on
Kadiak Island. Three men in ten days
took out J138X. The rich beach sands em
brace a considerable stretch of coast, but
the best diggings have been found near
the mouth of Red River and near Cape
Karluk.
Beach Strike on Kadiak.
NEW LIGHT IS THROWN
ON STEAMER COLLISION
Effort of Chinese Gunboat Aimed at
Death of Reformer on Empress
of India.
VANCOUVER. B. C, Sept. 16.— A story
is current here since the arrival of the
steamer Emprers of India to-day from the
Orient which puts a new light on the
collision between the Chinese cruiser
Iluangtai and the liner a month ago near
Hongkong.
It Is stated that the report in the latter
port was that the Chinese vessel had been
rent out to sink the Empress in order to
accomplish the death of a Chinese re
former known to be on board the Ca
r.adlan Pacific steamship. Instead of the
cruiser finking the merchant vessel, how
ever, the gunboat was herself nearly cut
in two and sunk.
President Pardons Offenders.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 16.— The Presi
dent has granted full and unconditional
pardons to George D. and B. F. Cosby,
convicted at Montgomery, Ala., of viola
tion of the peonage law. The' President
granted the pardons in these cases upon
the earnest recommendation of Judge
Jones, who sentenced the prisoners.
SAN JOSE, Sept. 16.— A new phase waa
added to the divorce suit of Inez S. Hut
ton against H. W. Hutton. Police Com
missioner of San Francisco, to-day in
Judge Rhodes' department of the Superior
Court. A couple of weeks ago Hutton
filed a written power of attorney from
Mrs. Hutton. In which he was given
power to dismiss the divorce suit brought
by his wife and to act as her attorney.
Hutton was alBO given power to dis
charge D. M. Delma3 and "A. H. Jarman,
attorneys for Mrs. Hutton. County Clerk
Pflster refused to dismiss the divorce suit,
claiming the substitution of attorneys was
not regular.
W. A. Bowden to-day appeared for At
torney T. D. Rlordan of San Francisco
and asked the court to order the clerk to
enter a dismissal. The court held that
the matter was entirely with '.he clerk
and that if Mrs. Hutton wished to change
her lawyers she must do so by direct ap
plication to the court for that purpose.
It Is said Hutton will apply to the Su
preme Court for a writ of mandamus to
compel the County Clerk to dismiss the
action.
Judge Rhodes Refuses to Compel
County Clerk to Dismiss Suit
for Divorce.
HUTTONS ARE UNABLE
TO GET OUT OF COURT
TACOMA. Sept. 16.— One of the greatest
hydraulic plants on the Yukon has been
installed on the American Creek near Ea-
Kie by the Evergreen Hydraulic Company,
ftf which Fred Cook of San Francisco ia
superintendent and one of the owners.
<"ook Is now returning to San Francisco.
H-^ccinpanied by George Ccok, his son.
Their property embraces fourteen claims
on American Creek. They have expended
5SD.O00 in constructing a flume and install
ing equipment. A mile and a half of
flurre has been constructed and the plant
is now ready for work. Shortage of wa
ter delayed operations this season. The
company expects to take out at least a
million dollars. Its bench ground runs
$3 per cubic yard In sold, and the creek
claims are much richer.
In California Cook formerly operated on
cround which yielded but 3 cents per
yard. On the American Creek he will
hydraulic some claims on which individ
ual miners could afford to pay $10 p?r day
to workmen.
San Franciscan Installs Hydraulic
Plant on American Creek.
FORTUNE IN SIGHT.
A dispatch received by the French For
eign Office on August 29 from Morocco
said that a large Imperial force which
was going to the relief of the troops com
manded by the Sultan had been surprised
and almost annihilated by Insurgents.
MADRID, Sept. 16.— Private dispatches
from Morocco say that Ben Jussi. com
mander of a detachment of the impeMa!
troops, and 600 of his men were killed
recently In an engagement with the In
surgents. The Sultan is reported to have
narrowly escaped faffing into the hands
of the enemy.
Commander and 600 Imperial Sol
diers Are Slain in Engagement
With Insurgents.
Since his last visit to San Francisco
Hamlin has changed considerably. He
SUXTAN OF MOROCCO
NARROWLY ESCAPES DEATH
Hamlin was in Denver when he first
heard of the proceedings instituted by his
wife and hurriedly made preparations for
a visit to this city, where he knew he
would meet Miss Hite. He wants to
have his wife modify the charges In her
complaint and rectify certain other state*
ments made by her in Seattle and tele
graphed broadly over the country.
HIS MAI> INFATTJATTON.
In her complaint for divorce, filed a
week ago in Seattle, Miss Hite detailed
how she and Hamlin first met in Denver
In February, 1901, while she was playing
In "The Telephone Girl"; how he per
sistently followed her about the circuit
and finally enticed her into a marriage,
which she claimed was fraught with many
pleasant experiences at first, but suddenly
terminated In the way that many similar
matches have. She charged that Hamlin
had spent large sums of money upon her
for jewelry and fine dresses, but event
ually, after a wild time in this city, he
had pawned her jewels ar.d she had been
compelled to advance him money from
her own small earnings in order to send
him back to his family in Chicago. It
was also alleged by the young wife that
she was compelled to pay his bill at the
Palace and settle his obligations at the
hotel bar.
WAS LAVISH WITH MONEY.
Kllis E. Hamlin, son of one of Chicago's
prominent citizens, who married Miss
I lite after a two weeks' acquaintance,
arrived in town yesterday. lie immedi
ately began making Inquiries as to when
the younc actress was expected and
was finally gratified with the information
that she would be here Sunday Jafternoon.
Then is when the trouble is expected to
begin, for Hamlin says he will not waste
time or words in having an understand
ing with his wife as to just how far she
is to go with her accusations regarding
his conduct during their short honey
moon.
LITTLE does Miss Mabel Hite, who
impersonates the character of
Phrosia, the fema!e detective, in
"The Chaperons." realize v.-hat a
warm reception she will receive
when she arrives in this'city next Sunday
afternoon to fill an engagement at the
California Theater. An indignant hus
band; whose wrath, long pont up. has
reached the boiling point, is at the Cali
fornia Hotel, where he 'is impatiently
awaiting the coming of his young spouse
with a view to taking her to account for
certain statement's supposed to have re
cently emanated from her in connection
with a suit for divorce brought against
him in Seattle.
MANILA. Sept. 16.— One hundred fa
natics'attacked the headquarters of the
constabulary at San Jose, in the province
of Nueva Ecija, island of Luzon, and at
tempted to take the place by storm. Aft
er a lively fight the attacking force was
repulsed with a loss of eight. The con
stabulary lost five men in the fight.
Attempt to Capture Headquarters at
San Jose, Luzon, Losing eight,
Killing Five. ..
FANATICS MAKE ATTACK ON
PHILIPPINE CONSTABULARY
It was learned last evening that the
mother of the young actress is also in
the city awaiting the arrival of her
daughter. The mother traveled with her
daughter up to a few we^ks prior to Ma-"
bel's marriage in Denyer and was so
journing In New Orleans when the news
of the event reached her and the subse
quent announcement that her daughter
and husband had separated hastened the
mother's determination to Join the ac
tress. It is possible that the parent will
have something to say when Hamlin and
his wife meet here Sunday.
During our two weeks in this city Miss Hite
was enly too wining to spend my money.
While the funds lasted I was her adored one,
but the trouble began when the money sup
ply commenced to run low. I wired my father
In Chlcasu for more money, but he was dii
susted with my actions and refused to pay any
attention to my telegrams. The day finally
arrived for the departure of the company, and
this girl, who had so stripped me of every
thing that I had to borrow money to get out
of town, took all th<» things 1 had Elven he
and departed without so much as bidding me
good-by. I had served her purpose and nhe
considered the incident closed. That wag the
laet 1 ever heard of Mabel Hite until the other
day, when the Denver rapers published a dis
patch from Seattle to the effect that she Isaa
applied for a divorce In that city.
I am :>err*ctly willing; In fact, more than
willing, to b* relieved from such obnoxious
matrimonial ties. Nothing would please my
folks more than for me to be freed from this
entanglement, but I intend to have nomethiag
to say upon what sort of grounds this divorce
is applied for, and that is v.iiy I am here. 1
intend meeting my wife upen her arrival here
Sunday, but it will not be for any sort of a
reconciliation, I can assure you.
MONEY GONE, LOVE WANED.
I have suffered enough through my unfor
tunate infatuation for this woman. 1 saw
MiM'HIte on the stace one night in Denver
Uld her hsauty ami vivacity proved my Imme
diate undoing. 1 haunted tli* theater every
nirnt during her engagement there and finally
managed to get an introduction through her
rnanaiier. At the end of the week the com
pany left Denver and went to Salt Lake City.
1 lollow-fd, like the silly dupe I was, and tw.j
clays later Miss Hife b»csr.-.e rny wife. I had
plenty of money then and threw it around in
a most reckless fashion, buying enough cham
pagne Pt times to lloit :hs entire company.
There wasn't a day that I didn't brine my
wife home some costly present, ranging from
a sealskin coat to c diamond necklacp. I gave
htr-everythinp she asked fcr. While the menev
lasted, and there was over $20,000 to start
with ni-.en we left Salt Lake, my wife was
treated like a (jues-n. and now she alleges I
deserted her— that I took away all her pres
ents and pawned them.
no longer indulges in the spilling of
champagne, the scattering of coin at the
race tracks or other extravagant flights
that made him conspicuous on the occa
sion of his lest visit. On the contrary,
he insists that he is here strictly for busi
ness and that the business interests main
ly himself and the actress. He declared
yesterday that he will not permit his wife
to drag his name through the divorce
court without a determined defense and
he then remarked:
YOUNG ACTRESS WHO BECAME THE WIFE OF ELLIS E. HAMLIN
AFTER A BRIEF COURTSHIP AND NOW SEEKS TO HAVE THE
MARRIAGE DISSOLVED. '
Old Sides proclaimed himself a "United
States oeacemaker" and on dress occa
sions appeared with a uniform whose
epaulettes bore rather frowsy evidence of
departed grandeur. He sat for a photo
graph deprecatingly because he did not
have his regalia on and' was rather doubt
ful as to whether his hair was properly
combed. These little vanities were for
given, however, in a man who in the
lines of his strong face showed the best
characteristics of fiis race and who, with
a capacity for causing endless trouble,
was always foremost for peace and re
spect for the law. Sides was an old man
—how old he did not know — but the men
who" crossed the plains in the early days
knew him as a power among his people.
His last wish was granted him; he died
among the Indians who loved him. and
their plaintive chant mingled with the
fall o£ the 'earth upon his coffin in the
little burial ground at Pleasanton. : V
did not always follow the advice, but they
regarded Johnson Sides as their authori
tative censor and consented to be chided
at his hsnds.
ST. HELENA, Sept. 15.-The Board of'
Supervisors of Xapa County have passel
an ordinance restricting the speed of au
tomobiles and motor bicycles on the pub
lic roadways. The ordinance requires that
drivers limit thejr machines to a speed of
rive miles an hour on mountain roads and
iwelve miles on Valley roads. At every
turn en a mountain grade he must come
to a full stop and sound an alarm. When
signaled by a driver of an approaching
team he must bring his machine to a full
stop within four hundred feet of the ap
proaching team and remain at a stand
still until it has passed. When passing
horses going in the same direction the
automobilist must run at a rate not to
exceed five miles. The ordinance goes into
effect October 1.
Automobile Speed Restricted.
Windows Rattle and. Sleepers Are
Awakened, But No DRmage
Is Done.
LOS ANGELES. Sept. 16.-A slight 1
shock of earthquake was felt here at
4:10 o'clock this morning. No damage was
done, but the vibrations were of sufficient
force to shake large buildings perceptibly.
SANTA ANA. Sept. 16.— A sharp earth
quake shock of three to four seconds'
duration was felt here at 4:10 o'clock this
morning, followed after a slight interval
by a lighter quake. The oscillations were
from east to west and the shock was
sufficient to rattle windows and to waken
heavy sleepers.
RIVERSIDE. Sept. 16.— Riverside expe
rienced the most severe earthquake shock
at 4:10 o'clock this morning since the big
shock of Christmas day, 1S99. The mo
tion v.-as undulatory ami lasted several
seconds. The vibrations were apparently
from north to south. The heavy shake
was followed five minutes later by a light
er one. No damage is reported.
SOUTHERN CITIES SHAKEN
BY SLIGHT EARTHQUAKE
has gone to eternal rest. The"
day before Sides left with his band of
Piutes for Pleasanton he was visited at
the Indian Settlement on the Cavanaugh
hop ranch, below Sacramento. The fire
had gone out of the old man's eyes and
his speerti v.as subdued^and childlike.
"I have not long to live," he said, "but
my people wanted me with them when
they came down from Nevada to pick
the hoys. I am too old . and feeble to
work, but. they want me near and i like
to be with them." . . .
And the Piute chieftain bent low to pat
the black head of a little girl of his tribe
who had nestled near him to claim a tok
en of affection. There was a day when
the voice of Johnson Sides rang out in
command, but it was heeded no more
than when, aged and decrepit, he made
known his desires in an asthmatic whis
per. He never touched liquor and was
always counseling the youthful members
of his tribe to be good boys and girls and
let whisky and dissipation alone.
Perhaps the adventurous Indian, youths
ACRAMENTO, Sept. 16.;fThere Is
\V^ lamentation in many, a Piute wlg-
warn to-night, for Johnson Sides,
the ' gentle Indian peacemaker.
Special Dispatch to The tnll.
Johnson Sides, Vener
able Piute Chieftain,
Is Dead.
M. E. O'Connor. 1062 Fulton street,
stenographer in the United States hulls
and boiler inspector's office in this city,
says that a woman about 30 years of age,
in black skirt, white shirt waist and
straw hat, came into his office Tuesday
with a letter addressed to the chief en
gineer of the water works of San Jose
and inquired the way to the new post
office building. He «ays her face bore a
remarkable resemblance to the photo
graphs published of Hertha Page of San
Jose.
Resembles Missing Girl.
riUTE CHIEFTAIN WHOSE
LONG AND BENEFICENT
RULE IS ENDED.
Many believe that Miss Page was suf
fering from typhoid fever. They claim
she had all the symptoms and they be
lieve that while delirious she wandered
away to end her life. Mrs. Catherine
Page, her mother, 13 prostrated. '¦
The San Jose Oratorio Society, of which
Miss Pago was a prominent member, met
to-night and adjourned out of rtspect to
the missing girl. This meeting had been
called by Miss Page, who was assistant
secretary "of the society. Milton Page, a
brother, returned to-night from Santa
Cruz, where he has been for the past two
days searching the beach and waters for
his sifter's body. Aside from the cloth
ing found on the rocks at Vue de l'Eau
no trace of Miss Page could be found.
These articles of clothing "he brought
home this evening-. It has been arranged
to have the shore about Vue de. l'Eau pa
trolled and everything will be done to
find the body.
SAN JOSE, Sept. 16.— The friends of
Miss Hertha Page, who while temporarily
Insane wandered away and la believed
to have drowned herself in the surf near
Santa Cruz, are convinced that the girl
Is dead. The finding of her body is now
awaited. There ia much sorrow over the
young woman's untimely death. She was
a general favorite in society and musi
cal circles and had a large circle of
fiiends. Never before has the suicide of
a San Josean caused such ' universal
regret.
Special Ditpatch to The Call
The petitioners request that a disinter
'sted administrator be appointed and
Mrs. D-jfresne be required to make an
accounting to the court. They want Du
fresne's mining propc-rty left unworked
landing the determination of the case.
TACOMA. Sept. 1S.-A hard fought legal \
contest is in progress this month at Nome ]
l*»fore Probate Jucicc Reed to determine i
the ownership of the estate of J. A. Du- !
f r< er.«\ includir.s the famous No. 10 Dcx- !
tcr claim and a large sum of money In j
Kank. After Dufn sne's death Mr?. Du- '
frr sne was appointed administratrix as !
riv widow and sole heir. A sensational ;
contest has been started by Charles A.
Mau and John C. Applewhite of San
Francisco, representing Joseph Dufresne,
P:crre Dufresne, Joseph Ernil Dufresne I
and other aJIeced heirs. It is claimed i
that Joseph is the brother of the deceas
ed Dufresne and that the remaining peti
tioners are eons and daughters of an
other brother, also deceased. The claim j
r>\ these heirs is based on the allegation ',
that Mrs. Dufresne is not the widow and;
never was legally the wife of J. A. Du
fresne. It will be attempted to prove ;
that when Dufresr.e married the present
Mrs. Dufresr.e he had cne wife living and :
< ould not legally contract a second mar- |
rir>ze.
Alleged Eeirs Deny Legality of
Dufresae's Marriage.
ATTACK WIDOW'S CLAIM
When the case was up before the
Circuit Court of Appeals in San Fran
cisco last spring there were mow sensa
tional happenings, for it was found that
a portion of the record from the Xome
< ourt was missinjr. Miss Walton secured
a stay of judgment till next October on
the grounds of demolition of record.
IJis^uIsed as a boy and accompanied by
Secret Service A^rent Taylor, she. located
rajt of the missing record in San Fran
tiseo and has since recovered the rest
of it.
questioned about the beating
Miss Walton, who bears an ugly bru'se
on her face, said:
"Mr. Lan. ; followed me into Kelly's
nrug store and ask<?d me what I would
take for the fraction adjoining 19 Ophir.
We di?cusf.ed the case and then I told
bin w« had recovered the record of loca
tion, stolen from Major French's office.
With tha^t he struck me in the face and I
hit blindly back with a paper, map of
Ophir Creek that I was carrying."
? e%
The attack was the outcome of the long
and bitter legal fight over the ownership
of the famous No. 19 Ophir claim. The
property is valued at -a million dollars
at least, ar.d ever since the case began its
progress has been marked by sensational
Incidents. Throughout Miss Walton has
fought single-handed the powerful corpo
ration ojiposvd to her.
In Mjtrch. 1902. Jhe Wild Goosp attor
neys entered on forcible possession of the
T'operty. threw off the cabin and mad<s
the watchman a prisoner. Aided by cne
< f the Wild Goose's own employes* Miss
Walton crept on the c!aim in the dead of
night, rescued her captive watchman and
made a quick "mush" to Nome in a bliz
zard.
N'OME. Alaska. Sept. 5 (via Seattle,
Sept. IS.)— Miss Lena 8. Walton, the most
intrepid "musher" in this peninsula, was
struck in the face In Kelly's drug store
last Tuesday by Charles D. Lame, presi
dent of the Wild Goose Mining Company,
ajid the largest mining operator here,
I^ne pleaded guilty the following day in
the police court to the assault, and paid
his fine of t'Zi amid the surprised silence
of a packed court room.
SpsdaJ Dispatch to The Call.
One of the officials remonstrated yester
day with Mathews against trying to take
up the body. It was pointed out that it
would not be in a condition to admit of
identification at th!s date. He contended,
however, that the woman was so soaked
with whisky that her body would be
found In a perfect state of preservation.
When she came home she became ad
dicted to the use of whisky. She -and her
husband had separated. Before she died
she told the people among whom she lived
that she had two children, a little girl
of 9 years and a boy not over 2. This
age would not agree with, the age of the
child born In England six years before.
The husband first learned of these chil
dren yesterday In reading the transcript.
The woman came to a miserable death.
One night in May. 1S37. some one went
to her room and found her dead in her
bed. She had drunk herself to death.
Xothing is known of her real antece
dents or how prominent a man her
father, who objected to her marriage
with Mathews. may have been.
Mathews found In the papers the Infor
mation that she left two children, of
which h« knew nothing. The woman
came here a good many years ago as a
bride. She said that she and her hus
band had run away to be married to
avoid the Interference of her English
relatives. They had both lived In Eng
land. When they bad lived here awhile
she decided to go back to England so
that her child might be born among
friends and on English soil. She bore
the child there, but came back to Amer
ica, without It. That was six years be
fore she died.
LOS ANGELES. Septl 16.— The body of
Jennie Mathews, who died here practi
cally In the gutter iiu.1837. may be dug up
and carried back to England to be used
as evidence , to secure a fortune. To-day
David Mathews, who claims to be her
husband, came to the Courthouse and
searched the records to learn under what
conditions she died and who would know
about It. He stated to the court officials
that her father has died and left the
money to her. She being dead, Mathew3
Is searching for proof of his heirshlp.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Bitter Mining Litigation
Leads to Attack Upon
Fair Opponent
Husband Says Estate Was
Left Jennie Mat hews
in England.
Oratoria Society Adjourns
Out of Respect to Her
Memory.
San Joseans Mourn Un
timely Death of
Miss Page.
Woman's Luckless Body
May Be Disinterred
as Evidence.
Charles D. Lane Hits
Miss Walton a Blow
in the Face.
STRIKES WOMAN
AND PAYS FINE
DECLARES WIFE
WAS AN HEIRESS
FRIENDS LOSE
FAINTEST HOPE
THE SAN FEANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 17. 1903.
PEACEMAKER
GOES CALMLY
TO HIS REST
Ellis Hamlin, Who Married Actress on Brief Ac
quaintance and Spent $20,000 on Her, Comes
to Protest Against Charges in Divorce Suit
REAL HOT TIME IN STORE
FOR DASHING MABEL HITE
5
ADVEBTTSEMENTS.
NERVOUS WOMEN
U-: Women who arc almost dis-
tracted at the slightest noise, who
are easily fatigued and unable to
sleep, should commence taking
Hostetter's Stomach Bitters at
once. Hundreds of women suf-
fering from Female Complaints
have voluntarily testified to its
efficacy in cases of Cramps, Nau-
sea, Headache, Insomnia, Indiges-
tion and Constipation. You will
therefore make no mistake in try-
ing it. Don't accept a substitute.
HOSTETTER'S
, STOMACH BITTERS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
PIANOS AT
GUT PRICES
GENUINE SAVINGS AT POMMER-
EILERS MUSIC CO.
Before Deciding Definitely Upon
Which Piano to Buy It Will
Pay You to See Pommer-Eilers.
A fine make of piano that has never
heretofore been sold In San Francisco for
less than 1300 by dealers who previously
held the agency; and which is a better
made instrument than It was heretofore.
We are Bellinc this same piano now for
521$. on payments of $1S down and t* a
month. Two carloads on hand to select
from.
See the excellent regular I2o0 pianos
which we are now ofTerins for $178. and
some still cheaper brands for $156 and $112.
THE BEST IN AMERICA.
Remember that we are selling the very
highest grades of Instruments manufac-
tured In America. There is no finer or
better made piano in New York City than
the' beautiful Hazelton and the.* world re-
nowned Decker & Son piano, the original
Decker which had won high honors at
various expositions before another Deck-
er, called the "Docker Brothers." waa
ever thouzht of. The finest made piano
In Chicaco (and Chicago is to-day tho
leading piano manufacturing center In
America), the finest and best made piano
In Chicago is the now famous Kimbail.
These three famous makes are our great
leaders. Besides these Tve have twenty-
three other high class makes and all of
them are sold on our "Under Price" sys-
tem, so that it is possible for you to buy
a Diana here for less money than else-
where # or even at the factory.
CASH OR PAYMENTS.
' Of course we prefer to sell for cash and
all our prices are baaed on spot cash
transactions, but where time Is required
we supply the instruments on terms of
payment to suit the requirements of any
responsible buyer, charging simple inter-
est at 8 per cent per annum on the un-
paid balances.
Remember that every instrument we sell
is guaranteed by the makers as well as
by ourselves. Bear in mind, too, that
i we also guarantee the price on each in-
! strument we soil. If the same make or
' quality of piano can t>e obtained clse-
1 where for less money, we say to you that
the Instrument selected at our place m;iy
be returned at our expense, and if your
purchase is not found in every way «x-
| actly%as represented we cheerfully agree
! to refund all money that haa been pai<l
\ on the purchase. Everything at Pommer-
Kilers Music Co. shall always be found
exactly as represented or no sale.
Bear in mind the number— €iC Market
street, opposite Chronicle building.
Pommer-Eilers Music Co.
San Francisco's Largest, Busiest and
Best Piano Emporium.
Other large stores at Portland, Ore.;
Spokane, Wash.; Sacramento, Cal.
"Maybe You Think I'mPrond."
"Am. Thewaytha United States Laun-
dry does op my Uaen aad man waist-
coats enlts me 'down to the ground.'
and self-«ati»f action ensues as a matter
of course." This yotrasr man is "not tia
enly one" wbo speaks is biffn praise of
the laundering- done by &• United States
Iiansdry; "there are others."
Ho caw edges.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
OXTXCS 1004 MA3KEI STBEST,
Near Powell.
Small babies quickly grow to
large babies when fed on^ Mel-
lin's Food. ' Mellin's Food
furnishes material for growth.
A sample of MelXia's Food costs you nothing
but the asking. Will you not then ask for
it for your baby's take ?
| MELLIN'S FOOD CO.. BOSTON. MASS.
/^/N PATENTED). /*^>N
(Kspheroid Vr|
W EYEGLASSES <$\
Ji Are Scientific Creations, >^J %.
J*^y Giving Perfset Vision. 5^ I
I I PRICES MODERATE. VJ
A visit DR. JORDAN'S great d
OF AHATGim
a Ck lantAixrcg. t«t earn, S.T.&1. i
T Q' The tarre^t Atutonical Hnna ia tbe \
Q _^7-,' World. vTeaJucsse* or ativ contracts A
7 <*5?S p~*t d:<e»ie p»«lti»eljr tarslny tha oWei: ™
© /SSSjl bpecaiiii on the Co»m. Esc 36 ye»n. O
4 fl]3f*4 CR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEM *
\ 1 vTt^53 Crntulution free ind strictly prmte. \
A I jSmTS Treatment p?rwna!> or by Ittter. A J
\ ft fir St V P—it>*« CV« n erenrc*»aa4erakra. - T
A T / » ft w "*e *" B'"*- r ¦".••©*>¦•» mt A
™ " 11 5^ nABSIACC. MAILED FRES. (AY
\ A /L valuable bcok Cm ara) \
r DB. JOCPAN A CO.. 1051 Market St.. S. F. V
Wfiefly Gall $1.00 w Year
ADVERTISEMENTS.
San Francisco, Thursday, 17 S?ptember, 1DC3.
i No other desk made contains the convenient letter-
filing device which forms a part of this one. In the
pedestal to the right arc three files, concealed by a •
drop-leaf dcor, upon which the files can be placed when
you desire to consult them. The door is provided with
a lock and key, making this section strictly private,
although the remainder of desk is left open. Equipped
with large and smail drawers, filing boxes, pigeon
holes, etc Made of oak, gold-n finish, with quarter-
. sawed oak front and curtain. Measures 4S inches long,
48 inches high arid 30 inches deep.
If you need a desk, here's a good one at a reason-
able price — thirty-six dollars. For sale in Sau Fran-
cisco by the John Breuncr Co. exclusively.
(Formerly the California Furniture Co.) f
957 to 977 Market Street, San FranciscoTho California Camera Club, at the sug
gestion of the General Telegraph Hill
Committee, has arranged an Illustrated
on '"The Beauty of Cities," to be
given at thf Alhambra Theater to-morrow
evening at « o'clock. Robert II. Fletcher,
director of the Mark Hopkins Institute of
Art, will bo th<» speaker of the evening
and will dwell especially on the improve
ment- in other cities of hllla similar to
Telegraph Hill. Inasmuch as there is in
corporated In the bond issues to bo sub
mitted to the voters in the near futur»"a
proposition to issue bonds for the Im
provement of TelegTaph Hill, it Is antici
pated that there will be a large gathering
of citizens at the lecture.
Camera Club Lecture.
In boxes, from 25c to 60c each, in a hun
dred new shapes and tints. We carry all
the principal staple ream goods, as well
as writing tablets in all sIzm and quali
ties. Sanborn. X^il & Co., 741 Market •
Fine Correspondence Papers
A SUBSCRIBER corrects us" in regard to the
proposed bonds of $741,000 for a children's
playground. While we did not oppose the
proposition we criticized the form in which we found
it on the ballot, in which no location is named. Our
correspondent places* us under obligations for the in
formation that two locations are named in the reso
h lions of the Supervisors — one south of Market,
bounded by Seventh, Harriet, Harrison and Bryant
streets, and one north of Market, at Powell, Stock
ton. Filbert and Greenwich streets. These locations
are admirably chosen to relieve the children in two
much crowded districts, and* we gladly withdraw our
criticism and commend the children's playgrounds so
located to the favor of the voters and taxpayers "of
the city. y-'^
Something is strangely wrong in Honolulu. For
more than a week there has not been even the sug
gestion of a scandal in official circles, no man promi
nent in public or political life has been accused, no
fiery protest has been filcdagainst the territorial gov
ernment, and treasury funds' seem to be in safe
hands. The island capital appears to be settling into
the dry rot of respectability.
Colorado is chuckling over a new sensation. She
has found a man whose heart has dropped into his
right side with no serious consequences to him, or to
his neighbors. The newspapers, in jubilant ac
claim, appear to think that they have found the only
man in the State whose heart is in the right place.
To vary the monotony of a colorless life the son
of an Eastern millionaire recently deserted the pa
rental roof and turned highwayman on the wild roads
cf the Northwest. The perversity with which some
misdirected minds, seek unnecessary paths to finan
cial success baffles understanding.
A New York woman, rich, cultured and admitting
the weight and discretionary experience of 46 years,
found her affinity in a youth of 19, jailed for reasons
obviously just. The lady married him. In these
days of governmental neglect a man is left, helpless
and unprotected even in jail
Recorder Godchaux stated yesterday
that he filed his annual report for the
fiscal year 1901-1902 with Mayor Schmitz on
July 30. 1902, together with a letter trans
mitted on the subject. Godchaux takes
exception to the statement that he had
neglected to file the report, as he makes
It a point at all times to comply with
charter requirements. He thinks the copy
of'the report was mislaid, and will file a
duplicate of the same at once.
Godchaux Files Annual 'Report.
THE CHILDREN'S PLAYGROUND.
In consequence of local agitation and a fear of the
commission of desperate deeds the authorities of
Randsburg have denied to the inhabitants of the
(town all intoxicating liquor. Perhaps no more thor
oughly suggestive argument has ever been placed,
as a weapon of persuasion, in the hands of advocates
of temperance.
The board approved the plans and speci
fications for the repavlng of Spear street,
from Market to Mission, at a cost of $13,
000.
The Board of Public Works yesterday
put into effect for the first time the char
ter amendment adopted recently giving
it power to overrule protests against im
proving- a street on which some improve
ment has already been made.
The board decided to override the writ
ten objections to the resolution of Inten
tion providing that Lake street, between
Twenty-fourth and Twenty-sixth avenues,
be graded to official line and grade signed
by the owners of the majority of the
frontage of the property on the proposed
work, which will be done at once.
Tho offer of B. S. Harris to keep the
City Hall roof In repair for $40 per month
was accepted.
fect Charter Amendment Re
cently Adopted.
Board of Public Works Puts Into Ef-
OVEKRTTLES PROTEST
AGAINST STREET WORKS
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen'*), m CaU
fornla street. Telephone Main 1J4-.
Townsend's California glace fruits and
candles. 60c a pound. In artl3tic fire
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market st.. above Call bldg. •
Issues License for New Bank.
The Board of Bank Commissioners Is
sued a license yesterday for the estab
lishment of the Plumas County Bank at
Qulncy. The Institution is capitalized at
$25,000. which Is fully subscribed and half
of which is already paid in. C. J. .Lee
has been chosen president and H. C.
Flanoy secretary, treasurer and cashier.
Long engagements are rather expensive
affairs In Russia. The bridegroom-elect Is
expected to send his fiancee a present
every day.
Benjamin Hobba of Sprnlgfield. Mass..
is the oldest active armorer in America.
He has been in Government employ for
more than fifty years.
To Help Church Finances.
The Calendar Club of St. John's Epis
copal Church on Fifteenth street, near
Valencia, will give an entertainment com
pri'in" a dramatic sketch entitled "A
Happy Pair," at the church guild haJl on
Friday evening. The proceeds are- to
help the finances of the church. An ad
mission fee of 25 cents will be charged. 4
A thief, operating in this city, robbed a lawyer the
other day and secured a pair of diamond cuff buttons
as booty. The lawyer now says that he will defend
the thief :n court if the buttons are returned. It is
such delightful exchanges of courtesy between kin
dred and associated professions that provoke a smile
of satisfaction and a feeling of good cheer to re
lieve the stress of modern competitive life.
FOWLER'S ENTHUSIASM
BALFOUR'S pamphlet defining his attitude
toward the tariff question in Great Britain
contributes to the discussion a bright and il
luminating phrase. After pointing out that the free
trade policy leaves the British market open to the
foreigner, and the British Government powerless to
obtain trade concessions in foreign markets, he says:
"The only alternative is to do to foreign countries
what they always do to each other, and instead of ap
pealing to economic theories in which they wholly
disbelieve to use fiscal inducements which they thor
oughly understand."
In that sentence Balfour sums up the substance
of his tariff policy. It is not the attitude of a true
protectionist, for as yet Balfour has not fully learned
the lesson that has been taught by experience, nor
has he grasped the fundamental principle that under
lies the issue between free trade and protection. He
looks at thr issue now confronting Great Britain
strictly from the standpoint of expediency. He as
serts that he is in principle and in doctrine a free
trader, and that he advocates the establishment of
protective duties on imports to Great Britain solely
that he may use them as a means of bartering and
trading in the arrangement of treaties that will pro
cure favors for British goods in foreign markets.
. The position thus taken differs materially from that
of Chamberlain, but not sufficiently to prevent the
two from working together against the ultra free
traders who will oppose any alteration in the estab
lished policy of the kingdom. Of course when the
fight is won by the protectionists and tiie time comes
for determining the schedules of the new tariff there
will arise a conflict between the two. Chamberlain
desires a customs duty on foodstuffs and other goods
of the kind produced in the colonies in order that he
may grant preferential trade within the empire, and
thet would imply a policy quite different from that
outlined by Balfour. The arrangement of schedules
and the preparation of a definite bill on the subject,
however, arc as yet far off. For a time at least the
two leaders can act as allies, making a combined at
tack upon the free traders who are the common foe
of both.
The fight promises to be the biggest political
campaign of the time in the domestic politics of any
country. In a measure it is "world politics," and the
contest will be watched with interest both in the
United States and in Continental Europe, for the
trade ol all nations is concerned in the outcome. In
some respects the undertaking of the Ministry to
bring abcur a change in the fiscal policy of the king
dom appears like a forlorn hope, for the British
public is conservative, and it is not going to be
rjsy to convince men who have been brought up to
believe in free trade as an article of faith that they
have been wrong all the time and that protection,
which they have derided as a relic of barbarism, is
after s-.II the most enlightened of fiscal policies. Still
the forces that are supporting the new movement are
strong. The resistless logic of facts is on the side of
the Ministry, and, furthermore, *a strong body of
manufacturers and others who have learned the les
son taught by facts will enter actively into the con
test and prove powerful allies.
The half-way position taken by Balfour in ' his
pamphlet, while weak from the standpoint of logic, will
doubtless be much more persuasive to the British
public than a more radical and advanced position
would be. He will not ask the voters to make the
whole distance from Cobdenism to protection at one
journey: He appeals to them first as a free trader
asking for permission to propagate free trade through
reciprocity treaties. He says to them: "It cannot
be right for a country with free trade ideals to enter
into competition with protectionist rivals, self de
prived of the only instrument whereby their policy
can conceivably be modified. The most essential
object of our national efforts should be to. get rid
of the bonds with which we have gratuitously en
tangled ourselves."
Presented, in that way the policy of protection will
not be so startling .to conservatism, and accordingly
:t is by no means certain that when the issue comes
before the people the free traders will obtain- a
triumph.
A scientist of Chicago claims that he has discov
ered a food which will make the men of the future
physical giants. He has probably reached a resigned
opinion that it is an idle quest to attempt any im
provement on the brains of the present generation. "
CONGRESSMAN FOWLER, chairman of the
House Committee on Banking and Currency
in the last Congress, has recently stated at
Chicago a conviction that the whole scheme of cur
rency reform, of which he is an earnest advocate, will
be provided for during the coming session. He has
prepared a bill which he will introduce at the extra
session, and he is quoted as saying that if the Senate
Finance Committee fails to report a good bill the
House will take up the issue and make a strenuous
fight for the desired reform.
When the strength of the opposition to any kind
of currency legislation this winter is taken into con
sideration the. statement of Mr. Fowler will appear
to be that of air enthusiast rather than of a care
fully calculating parliamentarian who counts the
votes in the House before he ventures to prophesy.
That estimate of the Congressman will be strength
ened when the radical nature of his programme is
understood. He gave an outline of>it in the very
statement in which he announced an assurance that
the bill would pass, and it appears that he expects
not only the adoption of legislation providing for
an elastic currency, but also for the retirement of
greenbacks and the substitution of a currency based
upon assets.
As outlined by himself the coming Fowler bill will
include three salient features. First, the re
tirement of greenbacks or their impounding in
the banks by a requirement that banks be
compelled to hold 40 per cent of their cash
reserves in greenbacks; second, a provision that
all public money be deposited in banks at 2 per cent
interest, being secured by a first lien on bank assets;
third, a provision that national banks be. permitted to
emit an asset or credit currency by depositing in the
United States treasury gold coin or Government
bonds equal to 5 per cent of the amount emitted.
To any One who has followed the discussion of this
subject during the past summer it is clear that no
such measure has any chance of enactment at the
coming session. A fight made for such a sweeping
measure would have no other effect than that of
rendering it difficult to pass even a moderate meas
ure designed with the; sole object of providing for
elasticity. In that way the enthusiasm of Mr. Fowler
is likely to prevent the very legislation in which he
is interested and for which he is so zealous. * .
The exact nature of the situation has been well ex
pressed by Senator Beveridge in an address before
the convention of Indiana bankers. In the course of
that address he said: "The coming session of Con
gress will not enact any radical or sweeping financial
legislation. Some moderate legislation which will re-
Ivy Chapter No. 27, Order of the Eastern
Star celebrated the twenty-seventh anni
versary of Us institution by a grand ball
In Golden Gate Hall Tuesday night. The
dance hall, which was beautifully deco
rated and illuminated with shaded lights,
which produced a charming effect, wa3
filled with happy couples, the majority
of the ladles being in full evening dress.
When the grand march was started at
9:30 o'clock nearly 200 couplea took part.
During Intermission a collation was
served to the dancers in the banquet hall.
This function, one of the most delightful
given by this very sociable chapter during
the current Eastern Star year, was ad
mirably carried out under the supervision
of Mrs. James E. Gordon, Mrs. Mary L.
Reddick, Mrs. Male W. Hendry, Frank
McGown, Mrs. Frances L. Bonlfleld,
Mrs. Susie F. Lockwood and Dr. Robert
Tlsdale.
Ivy Chapter's Anniversary.
BALFOUR TO THE BRITONS.
€3re -t^^^q Call
THURSDAY .- SEPTEMBER 17, 1903
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Hint% All Communication* to W. S. LEA^E. Manager.
TELEP20NZ.
Ask for THE. CALL. The Operator Will Connect
Yott With the Department You Wish.
PCHLICATIOX OFFICE. . .Markpt and Third, S. P.
COITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Slfrenton St.
Delivered by Carriers, 20 Cts. Per Week, 75 Cts.
Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cents.
Taraa by Mall. Including PoaUxe (Cub "With OrdertJ
DAILY CALL, (ladudlnr Sunday), on« year SA.OO
DAJtLT CAUL Oaeludlnr Sunday). • month* 4.OO
DJULT CALL—By 6ta*Ie Month 78°
6CNDAY Ob* Tear »<BO
WEEKLT CA1.U On» Te«r 1.OO
f Dally... fSJSO Per Tear Extra
FOaEXOaf POeTAGB { Eosday.. -4.1B Per T««r J5xtr»
I Weekly.. 1.OO Per Tear Extra
All Foitmaitrri are actborlsed to recelre
¦nbacrlptlona.
c^^pi. copies will be forwarded when reqnestad.
SCaU aabacrlbers Is erdertcc ehaor* of addrea* shoald b*
l*rtlcular to (lrt both SEW AND OUD ADDRESS ia order
to la*urt a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAItLAAD OFFICE.
111S Broadway Telephone Mala 1OS3
BEKKELEY OFFICE.
tl*B Center Street Telephone Kortb 77
C. GEORGE KIIOGXESS, Manager Foreign Aarer.
Usta*-, Maronette llnlldlncr, Chicago.
ILong Distance Telephone "Central 2619.")
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
MOBTOSf E. CKA.Nt: 14OO G Street, If. TV.
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
6TCFHEX B. SMITH 30 Tribune Builata*
NEW TORTC CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CABLTOS. ................ .Herald Square
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano. SI Union Square;
•lumr H1U Hotel; Fifth -a venue Hotel and Hoffman House.
BRANCH OFFICES VZ? Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
emtU 8:80 o'clock. 800 Hayea. open until »:30 o'clock. 633
MrAWf^T. open until 6:30 o'clock. CIS Larkln. open until
• :S0 o'clock. 1M1 Mission, cpen until 10 o'clock. 2Z81
Market, corner Sixteenth, cpen until 8 o'clock. 1006 Va
tenda. cpen s&tll 8 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9
o'clock. SE. corner Church and Duncan street*, open
vaxil 9 o'clock. NW. corner Twentjr-second and Kentucky,
open cntil P o'clock. 2200 FUlmore. open until 9 o'clock.
WHILE the impatient and irresponsible
zealots of the world are clamoring for the
nations of Europe to enter at once upon the
task of driving the Turk out of Macedonia, the Gov
ernments of the nations are pondering painfully how
they can best attend to their own troubles. They
have little time to think of the Balkans and no* im
mediate help to give. Not a nation in Europe is at
this time prepared to undertake the bearing \>i any
burden but its own. Britain, France, Germany and
Russia have each a home problem to worry over, while
Austria, whose relations to the Balkans are closer
than those of any other power, is well nigh distracted
by the seriousness of her domestic dissensions.
For years past the discordant elements of the Aus
trian empire have been on the verge of flying at one
another with fire and sword as fiercely as the Chris
tians and Moslems are now doing in Macedonia.
Fortunately the Government at Vienna is not so weak
as that at Constantinople. It has strength enough
to keep the peace and authority enough to command
respect. That authority, however, rests largely in the
personal character of the venerable Emperor. When
he is gone it is quite possible there may be a period
of turmoil that will render the Austrian problem as
perplexing to diplomatists as that of the Ottoman.
The evils of the empire are many and complicated.
At one time the strife between the Germans and the
Slavs appears to be the danger point, but almost
immediately another conflict appears that dwarfs the
former. At present the conflict between Hungary and
Austria looms largest on the horizon, and is unques
tionably threatening. Recent dispatches announced
that the aged Emperor is so much perturbed by the
strife around him that he once threatened to abdicate
and turn the task of government over to younger and
more vigorous hands. Almost at the same time an
other dispatch announced the appearance in Hun
gary of a movement to declare the Hungarian throne
vacant and to call for the election of a sovereign sep
arate and distinct from him who reigns over Austria.
With so much turmoil at home it is not easy to see
how the Austrian statesmen could act effectively in
Turkey. The German provinces of the empire would
not like to see a large addition made to the Slavonic
elements of the population by the incorporation in
the empire of any of the Balkan states. On the
other hand, neither the Slavonic nor the Hungarian
elements would like Austria to permit Russia to in
crease her power in that part of the world. Other
nations recognizing the danger of the situation are
careful not to venture upon any action that would
precipitate the long impending outbreak among
Maygars, Slavs, Czechs and Germans. Austria's
troubles, therefore, are a part and parcel of the Turk
ish problem. The uneasiness at Vienna helps to ex
plain the seeming indifference of the Governments
at Berlin, St. Petersburg, London and Paris.
n AUSTRIA'S TROUBLES.
T. w! Heintzclman. who is connected
with the Southern Pacific Company at
Sacramento, is at the Grand.
Colonel John C. Klrkpatrick. manager
of the Palace Hotel, left for the East yes
terday in company with his son, who ia
about to re-enter college.
A. A. Blow, formerly of Denver anl
at present chief engineer of the largest
smelting and refining works in Australia,
accompanied by the members of his fam
ily, arrived from New York last night and
is registered at the Palace. He has been
to London, where the offices of the smelt
ing works are located, and Is now en route
t* Sydney.
Dr. Genjiro Yamazaki. chief civil engi
neer of the Kawasaki Dockyard Company
of Kobe, Japan, arrived from the East
last evening and Is at the Occidental. He
completed the construction of the Kobe
dock one year ago and since then he has
been in this country Inspecting the va
rious big docks. To-day he will go to
Mare Island and expects to •visit the Un
ion Iron Works to-morrow.
J. B. Robinson, manager of the Dia
mond Match Company's interests at Chi
co, i3 at the Palace.
"W. O. Manson of Denver, who la min
ing engineer for the Clarks of Montana,
is at the Palace.
Dr. L. E. Benson of Nome i» at the
Palace.
Dr. W. R. Hedgpeth of San Lucas is at
the Grand.
Dr. A. C. Winn of Toraales Is registered
at the California.
II. A. Bradley, a mining man of Denver,
Is at the California.
T. E. Gibbon, an attorney of Los An
geles, is at the Palace.
Dr. H. B. Fitta of the United States
navy Is at the Occldantal.
J. Ross Trayner, a merchant of Marys
ville t is registered at the Palace.
A.J. Johnston, former State Printer,
and family are staying at the Lick.
J. E. Defebaugh of Chicago, editor of
the American Lumberman, is registered
at the Palace.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Whatever may be said of the criminality of officers
of the Federal Government who substitute aged and
decrepit Chinese for young coolies, doomed to de
portation from this country, San Francisco has at
least one satisfaction. -The substitution does not
rob us of the fruits of the slow, tedious and uncertain
process by which Uncle Sam is ridding us of undesir
able Mongolians.
The Protet sails on Saturday. That
there will be sighs on board and sighs
ashore no one who has met the charming
foreigners will doubt. They have been
royally entertained and manifested a deep
appreciation of every courtesy shown
them.*
• • • v. • •
The Daughters of California Pioneers
will entertain their friends on Monday
afternoon. September 21. at the Pioneer
Hall, when Fairfax Wheelan will give a
talk upon "The City Beautiful." This ad
dress is at this time especially apropos,
as the bond issue election is approaching
and interest centers In what should be
done for the beautification and advance
ment of the city.
At a tea given by the Lambda Theta
Phi sorority in Berkeley yesterday the
engagement Qf William Theodore Watson
Jr. of San Francisco to Miss Florence
Reeve of Berkeley .was announced. Miss
Reeve Is the daughter of Mrs. F. Reeve.
Watson was a member of the class of
1904 at the University of California and
a member of the Sigma Alpha Epsllon
fraternity. He is the son of William The
odore "Watson, president of the Pacific
Refining and Roofing Company of this
city. He is now engaged in business in
this city. The young couple will be mar
ried within a year.
• • *
The Forum Club entertained its mem
bers and guests yesterday at their club
rooms by a reading from "The Simple
L.ife" by the Swiss clergyman, Charles
Watson. Mrs. S. E. Knowles gave the
chosen chapters bearing upon false stand,
ards of living with a fine understanding
of the motives underlying that remark
able book. Certainly from these rendi
tions the deduction Is easily made that
"he who chases after pleasure will never
catch up with her."
Miss Kate Whittaker followed Mrs.
Knowles' reading with an interesting lit
tle talk upon the Industrial work being
carried on in our public schools, espe
cially dwelling upon the cookery depart
ment, of which she Is supervisor. She
made clear to the ladies that the muf
fins made by her • girls could really be
eaten — and without evil results.
Miss Langworthy rendered a piano solo
with fine technique, and Mrs. Biokell
closed the programme with a clever pa
per upon tue negro in his political and
social relation.
The informal tea that follows these in
tellectual afternoons affords much pleas
ant visiting.
The announcement of the engagement of
Miss Berate Drown to Samuel Boardma*
was the choicest bit of news enjoyed by
Boclety for many weeks. There Is no
social news so delectable as an engage
ment and none so wholly deliehtf ul as
a betrothal that has long been anticipated
and approved of. Surely the prospective
groom Is deserving of the warmest con
gratulation at havine won the love of
such a charming girl and the men who
know him say the bride is equally for
tunate in giving into Mr. Boardman's
keeping- her future happiness. Since her
debut Miss Drown has contributed gen
erously to the social pleasures of her set,
but she has nevertheless found much
time to alleviate the sorrows and suffer
ings of the unfortunate little ones who
are seeking relief -in the Children's Hos
pital, where her voice and her smile were
awaited eagerly by those who were her
special care.
With this self-appointed duty, her na
tively beautiful character .has grown and
broadened and its. influence is reflected
in her fine personality. With a ready
smile and a fine appreciation of humor,
she is the type of woman— the womanly
woman— who is essentially fitted to be
man's companion.
Miss Drown Is the daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. A. W. Drown, and has entertained
charmingly at her home on Jackson
street. It was at an Informal tea Wed
nesday that the betrothal was announced.
The wedding day ha3 not yet been deter
mined upon, but it will probably occur
before the Christmas holidays, a favorite
time for weddincs.
President Jordan and Dr. Evermann will
make the preliminary report to the Unit
ed States Fish Commission within a few
weeks, but It will take nearly a year to
prepare the final report.
The salmon- industry is in fairly cood con
dition, but not so flourishing as it wus la*t
year or in previous years. The pack la grad
ually decreasing in size year by year. ilnre
te no question in my mind a» to the fact that
there U a steady falling off in the abundance
of. salmon. There Is still, however, an enor
mous annual catch, last year's belnff worth
*{>.0OO.00O. , J
The purpose of tho expedition v.-as to look
into the fact*, determine what was causing
the annual decrease and embody the results
In a report to Congress. The commission will
recommend to Congress that extensive Govern
ment ha-tcherles be established throughout
Alaska. The present method of attempting to
preserve the industry by regulations is not
adequate. The commission has concluded thai
if the hatcheries -are established the supply
will meet the demand, and the only regula
tions necessary will b« those governing th«!
hatcheries. _ -
In addition to the study of salmon, the mem
bers of the party spent considerable time in
collecting aquatic animals — particular attention
being paid to deep-sea dredging. The results
were very satisfactory.
The three-months' trip was most pleasant
and profitable, the weather being delightful
during the entire time. We visited every
salmon cannery and saltery in Eastern Kadlak
Island — Kaciiak Island belnR the headquarters
of the expedition. Shuyak Island and ChlKuck
Bay were also v'.slted, and we inspected thor
oughly the^arge »almon hatcheries on Afosualr
Island and the codfish hatchery on Bhumagln
Island.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Sept. 16.—
Dr. Barton W. Evermann, chief Ichthy
ologist of the United States Fish Com
mission, and ' Professor Charles H. Gil
bert of tho Stanford zoological department
have returned fronr a three months' so
journ in the Alaskan waters, where they
have been investigating the salmon ques
tion on behalf of the Governxntent. Pres
ident Jordan was In charge of the expe
dition until July 25, when he returned to
California from Skagway and left the
work to the supervision of Dr. Ever
mann. The party went north on the Al
batross, the Fish Commission steamer.
Among the other members of the party
were Captain Swift of the Albatross, J.
N. Wlsner, superintendent of the (gov
ernment fish . hatcheries in Washington
and Oregon: 'A. B. Alexander, in charge
of statistics and methods; Cloudsby Rut
ter, a Stanford' graduate, permanent Gov
ernment naturalist on the Albatross: Dr.
Harold Heath of' the Stanford zoology de
partment; F. M. Chamberlain of the Fish
Commission, and Harold Bi Jordan. 'W.
son of President Jordan and- Deputy Fish
Commissioner.
Dr. Evermann will leave for Washing
ton, D. C, at once to.prepare a report on
the work done and observations made by
the "imrty. When seen this morning he
said:
last June.
After the Supervisors have adopted the
reduced rate In conjunction with the State
rate It Is planned that some taxpayer will
mandamus the Auditor to carry out th*
tax rate of $1,076 on tho assessment books
and have the Supreme Court decide the
disputed point. Lane and Cobb will havo
another conference to arrange the details
of the legal proceedings proposed to bn
instituted.
* City Attorney Lane was in consultation
yesterday with W. H. Cobb. Auditor
Baehr's legal adviser, for the purpose cf
taklns some . steps to have the Supreme
Court pass upon the point whether tho
raise in the assessment valuation of San
Francisco made by the State Board of
Equalization applies to the city ami
county tax rate. I>ane and Cobb agreed
that the practical solution of the proposi
tion would be for the Board of Supervis
ors to adopt next Mouday a tax rate
which will raise only the amount required
by the budget on the increased valuation
as returned by the Board of Equaliza
tion. This rate would be S2.72 cents in
stead of 11.076, as fixed by the Supervisors
THE country deplores the increase in lynching
and the readiness with which communities con
done the offense. If they would not also as read
ily condone the miscarriage of justice as administered
by juries -perhaps there would be less occasion for
lynching. The President and members of the Su
preme Court have called attention to the delay in ad
ministering the criminal law as one cause of mob vio
lence. This is no doubt true.- The many ways of
procuring the law's delay, taken advantage of by (
smart lawyers, frequently result in the escape of red
handed criminals, or in unjustly diluting their punish
ment and making the law a farce.
But all the blame cannot be put upon the lawyers,
and the Judges. Juries are as frequently culpable,
and by - rendering fantastic verdicts perhaps more
often violate the strict principles of justice than any
other part of its administration.
Oakland has been rather celebrated for freaks in
her judicial administration. One of her Justices once
filed an information against»himself for being drunk,
arraigned himself before himself, pleaded guilty'to
himself, and fined himself and solemnly paid the fine
to himself. Another judicial officer, being called
upon to pass sentence on a very contemptible
scoundrel who was convicted of bigamy, committed
under circumstances of extreme turpitude, took oc
casion to compliment the wretched sneak upon his
good character. Still more recently an Oakland
Police Justice has sentenced a non-union lineman
to fine and imprisonment for defending his life when
attacked by a mob of murderous strikers. Now a
jury has joined the procession. The negro VValkirez
has been tried and convicted of murder in the first
degree, but the jury gave him life imprisonment in
stead of the rope.
The murder was peculiarly atrocious. The victim
was an old woman who had considerable money, the
fruit of hard work and small savings. The mur
derer deliberately planned to kill her and steal her
money. He debated various ways in which to effect
this, and finally murdered her in a very brutal fashion
and buried the body in her own cellar, robbed the
house and fled. It was an awful crime, deliberately
committed, with a sordid motive. It was committed
in order that a debauched and dissolute wretch, too
lazy to work and willing to live by stealing what
others earned, might possess himself of the hard
earned dollars of a helpless oid woman whose in
dustry and foresight had made some provision against
the weakness of old age. The murderer was enjoy
ing her hospitality when he killed her. He had, as
part of his plan, wormed his way into her pity and
confidence, so that he often enjoyed the shelter of
her roof. Under these circumstances' he struck her
down without pity for her age or gratitude for her
bounty.
As long as hanging is the legal punishment for
murder, unless a jury will" otherwise, such a murder
deserves punishment by the rope. But a jury saved
this cowardly wretch's neck to impose his support
upon the taxpayers of California during a life sen
tence. It is a gross miscarriage of justice and an
outrage upon the people of the State. It is more
than that. The jury that rendered the verdict put
courage into the heart of every criminal in the
State; it made crime safer and life and property
less safe. It not only increased the burdens of the
taxpayers by the amount of this murderer's support
during his life sentence, but it increased the outlay
of public money that is necessary to police our
cities, hunt criminals in the country and run to jus
tice,the human hounds that prey upon society.
Against such verdicts the people have a right to be
heard, and we only voice the public judgment in
holding such a jury up to reprehension and con
tempt.
ENGAGEMENT
PLEASES THE
SOCIETY FOLK
ANNUAL SALMON
PACK DECREASES
SAY SCIENTISTS
A FAILURE OP JUSTICE.
SUPREME COURT
WILL PASS ON
CITY TAX RATE
lieve the periodically recurring money stringency is
desired and may be enacted. But such legislation if
enacted will be simple in its nature and will not dis
turb or alarm the business interests of the country.
The maintenance of credit is the only great financial
question and always must be. And credit is only an
other name for confidence. < Confidence is preserved
by reasonably permanent adjustment of business to
any given lines of financial and commercial policy
more than by air other things pu. together."
The significance of the statements of the Senator
is increased by the fact that he. has been recently in
conference with the President and with some , of
the leading financiers of the Senate and the House.
It may be accepted, therefore, that either Mr. Fowler
has been misrepresented or that his enthusiasm for.
currency reform has led him too far. Moderation in
currency legislation is all that may be expected this
winter, and it is all the people desire.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 17, 1903.
6
, NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
DANDRUFF CAUSED BY A GERM.
A New Discovery That Kills the
Germ and Prevents Baldness.
Pretty nearly all the hair preparations
for dandruff have some merit in allaying
itching of the scalp, and in being a
fairly good dressing for the hair but
there is Only one that recognizes what
causes dandruff, falling hair and bald-
ness, and that destroys the cause, a little
germ— and that Is Newbro's Herpicide.
This germ eats its way into the scalp,
it digs up the scalp Into little white
scales. Unless it is destroyed there's no
permanent stopping of falling hair and
cure of dandruff and baldness. Newbro's
Herpicide kills the germ. "Destroy the
cause, you" remove the effect?' Sold by
leading druggists. Send 10c in stamps
for sample to The Herpicide Co., Detroit
>£lich. :'-f »¦ "
"Lees and Leaven"
- ¦ ' mmmm^ //TSAAC BUNTOX watched the clerk
'^^ " L-*Zill I so to his desk and enter a charge
> ' • *T*^pi| J, against a customer for a ton of
, ,, *. >/<-; coal. Then he turned again t^ a
, • ¦ ;^S tangle of figures he had made and mut-
; ¦ ;r>^ tered, 'A ton of coal : Bah! A thousand.
* *'" > -!*rs§ ten » a hundred thousand! That ou?ht to
./sP^^yS^fct ~ - ;<^* ** *^ e slze °* mjr business. Plgiron? A
. truckload'— as a truck stopped on the
x Vl \f" g , v * scales— 'with ten thousand tons of it al-
- 8[ * —^ % - /: .i\ most on my hands. In my hands. If I
fcV V could raise JSOOO more! The bank ia run
;- ' ! -~ \£z. by a lot of grannies, who are In a panic
<: : ,: : • . ¦¦ t.^ ¦¦¦¦¦j.,': because I've mortgaged everything— «ven
< \ f ' J*&?} - ' my home. The first big chance of my
{ v* * ?!&?' *" e ' an ac * vance of * wo dollars a ton—
j^f^fsik tkLl J^T''"** ' three, four, five— almost a certainty!"
ilPiPfp^^l&fc "There wag a rinir at the door, an.1,
• without waiting for the maid, Mr. Bunton
answered it. A telegram. He did not
|||i|l|||f : * : )^^^^SS§£4isi'fe3 opfn it until he had returned to tho slt-
PrT^rag^•^TlCTrffr^-^^^'l tins-room. Then he road it, and let it
; - ; drop from hid hand with a cry of rue.
K^^^^^S^^^^^^^l 'Married 1 . To a sneakins good for
P^S|^^^«^^^^^^» : %^3 "Mrs. Bunton picker] up the dispatch.
i^^^^^^?^j but hers wa? a cry of joy: 'Oh. th;mk
iPkli'l^'^^QIih £ ." ; i* ' ' "She had never before seen the man
/'¦$ who now turned on her. the man to whom
/x^a 8he had been nearly twent y years mar-
\ ¦ -¦'¦ That i3 Utoraturo. tho tor.«o. vigorous,
p&&l^g|#' .¦,: ¦-. ¦¦¦¦ i concentrated, passionate lltoraturo of to-
|£|?|^&3gf ' . ¦jtcftotorf:*^' da >'' the !iort of powerful word pictures
&?«'\'\^f'& P^yffife^fcjfSitffittsS that carried E. W. Townsend of "Chlm-
|$Kfc3t*§id*s j^^BnBBgWWBBaBBI mle Fadden" fame to tho top of the lad-
l%5B3aaKfaJg'Smfliiiii*« I d cr a t a bound, the sort of clean,, human
> ' l^ mm *g a5 ~ar^"> literature that has placed The Sunday
*&,<?$£< \ Call in an exalted position in up-to-dato
uranS* '^S$iY'*% journalism, never before attained by any
"y^ lfj? vw*^f other paper in the entire West. And
/ / tW f fir &Kaw5 those arc only two little excerpts from
I y'fv'n'/fr K&rfZ r - Townsend's latest success. "Leea and
I Li ,ffr /lit^t ' I -* aven «" which begins In the next Sun-
V jinr 1 ' /la^ day c - all « and WR ich strikes an altogether
\ l" ti sr^ mMK^rJwr—y new and novel note In American litera-
\ ' V^A ' i^4£^ turo— the richt of a young girl to make a
\v frrp choice of a huyband. However, you'll
-Av94& fe/ . read the story for yourself.
'^v y And then, who has not heard of Frank
\/ II. Spearman, the writer of American
railroad stories, whose thrilling, fascinat-
ing qualities are the talk of the whole English-speaking world. Next Sunday
begins the first of a series of his best work. It Is "How Conductor Pat
Francis Saved the Yellowstone Special From the Tea Train." With the pic-
tures it tills two whole pages.
Then there are two full pages of "Half-Hour Storiettes," "The Hero; the
Husband and the Boy." a little bit from real life that would make one of the
best one-act plays ever written. There is mystery, humor, pathos and senti-
ment in every lin* of it. "A Romance of the Groat North Trail." showing the
perfectly inexplicable and. fascinating things a woman will do for the man she
really loves; "Carrington's Mystic Mermaid.' "Elizabeths First Proposal"
"The Real Trouble With Dan," "Uncle James' Great Victory." "Fables for tho
Foolish," "A Study In Piracy." by Josephine Dodge Daskam.
There is genuine substance in fiction for you. Now here you have the very
best that Is written in wit and wisdom. Next Sunday you will get the finest
contemporary thought in four entirely new and distinct series. "Recollec-
tions and Reflections of the Bonanza Kings Who Put a Girdle of Gold Around
tho World." by Thomas Fitch, "the Silver-tongued Orator"; "Why Amer-
ican Is More Successful Than the Briton." by John Foster Frazer: "Talks to
Parents on the Training of Children." by William J. Shoarer, A.M.. Ph.D •
"Letters From a Self-made Merchant to His Son." by Old John "Gorgon-
Graham.
And here's substance In humor. Have you seen those cats? Just watch
for "The Meows of a Kitty" next Sunday and you'll see why everybody I3 talk-
ing about them..CHERBOURG. Sept. 16.— Cardinal Gibbons
railed for ¦ New York to-nfebt on the Kaiser
Wilhelm der Grosse.
"WOODLAND, Sept. 16.— Miss Louisa
Stephens, tigress of a large, landed estate
in Yolo County, and Dr. W." M. Plummer,
*on of Dr. R. H. Plummer of San Fran
cisco, were married at noon to-di^r In th<v
handsome suburban home of Miss Ste
phens near Madison, Rev. O. 'P. Sherout
of the Christian Church officiating. Dr.
and Mrs. Plummer left on an afternoon
train on a honeymoon tour through
Southern California. They will reside in
San Francisco.
Dr. Plummer Weds.
THE LITTLE LOUISIANA CO.
OF SAN FRANCISCO
Organized 1001.
. ¦
SPECIAL NOTICE— As numerous counter
feits are being circulated on the market we
would respectfully call the attention of the
publio to see that they are getting the genuine
t'eketc before purchasing.
EVERY GENUINE Little Louisiana or Uttle
Benfflcencia ticket has the monotrarn "S. P."
on the face 'and back of each ticket.
Following are the capital prize numbers' In
the September 12th drawing, as decided by the
Honduras National Lottery Company:
No. 38,488 draws first capital prize 97S0O
Sold in San Francisco, Cal.
No. N5.283 draw* second capital prize. . ..S2OOO
Sold In Walla Walla. Wash.
No. 88,925 draws third capital prize $1OOO
Sold In San Joie. Cal.
No. 65,450 wins $5OO
8old In San Francisco, Cal. • . '
Nos. 7.678. 10.039 each win $25O
Bold in San Francisco, Cal., and Tucson, Ariz. *
TO THE PUBLIC: BEWARE OF COUN
TERFEITS! All genuine tickets of thl»*Tfcom
l.'any have initials "R. G. Co." on faces and
monogram "R. O. C." on backs thereof.
Following are the Capital PrUes as decided
by the Honduras National Company, Saturday
Soptembr 12th. 1003: No. 3S4(1S wins $7500,
i*nl<i In San Francisco; No. n. r i2ft:t wins $20Ou,
Fold in San Francisco; No. 88925 wins $1000,
sold In San Jose, Cal.; No. 65450 wins *50<>.
sold In San Francisco; No. 19!X'i9 wins $250,
sold In Merced. Cal.; No. 7670 wine $250. sold
in Fan Franctfco.
All prizes of thin company are paid In full
immediately on presentation at th« office of the
company in San Francisco. .'.
'fen thousand dollars reward will be paid to
any person who has ever presented one of our
prize* at our office and was refused payment. *
The Louisiana Company of San Fran
cisco, Organized May, 1900.
SALINAS. Pr-pt. 16.— The 6-year-old son
of Rirhar<l Dur.bar of this place, while
;>!ayiri6 this forenoon with other boys Jn
x lot near the residence of his' grand
father, ran apainst Minn horsfp corrale<1
thore. One of the animals kicked the
< h!ld In the stomach, inflicting such se
rere injuries that the little one died
within two hours.
Hcrse's Kick Kills Child.
SAN RAFAEL. Sept. 10.— Joseph Aze
vtda. mho was accidentally shot by an
unknown person on the Stenson ranch
war Bolinas Sunday afternoon, died in
San Francisco this: morning. A John Doe
-.-.arrant for manslaughter has bfen is-
Miod and Constables Truette and Hann^n
have pone to BoMnas to !ook up the cul
ptit and brinj him to San Rafael. At a
bile hour to-night they have not returned.
Careless Hunter's Victim Dies.
The following are the capital prizes as de
cided by THE HONDURAS NATIONAL COM
P ANY— Drawing September 12. 1903: No' 3« .
40S win* .$7500, sold In San Francisco Pal' •
No. o5.21« wins $2000. sold In San Francls-o'
Cal.; No. SK!?25 wins $l«.ff sold In San Fran^
Cisco, Cal. : No. 65450 wins $500, sold In Sacra
mento, Cal:"; Nos. 7576 and 1IKW9 each win
$2.'.O. sold In San -Francisco, Cal.: Non 73T
2C705. C200S. 05.075 nr.d 68,685 oacn win $100
sold In San Francisco. Cat., and Portland, Or.
Tho following capital prizes were paid hy
th» above M. & F. Company for the August S
li»03, drawing: A. W. Blow. 304 Montgomery
»t.. San FranclBoo. Cal.. $3750; J. H. Weston
H."2 O'Farrell Ft.. San Francisco, Cal., $3750-
Oecrg<? B. Godfrey. 1410 7ih ave.. South San
Francisco, Cal., $1000; J. A. Plymlre, IRON A
Mission St.,-. San Francisco. Cal.. $1000; W. \\\
Flnlayson. 121S Mission St., San Francisco
Cal.. $1000; collected hy J. Ury for client. Sun
Leandro, Cal.. $5(>0. •
Each coUDon will bear the Initials in largo
colored tetters— M. & F.— on the face of the
ticket.
Owing to the fact that numerous schemes are
placed before the public from time to time, w«
would respectfully call the attention of pur
chasers of tickets to buy only from responsible
agents and to see that their tickets read as
follows:
THE ORIGINAL LITTLE LOUISIANA COM
PANY OF SAN FRANCISCO.
ESTABLISHED JANUARY, 18S7.
The Original Little Louisiana Com
pany o. San Francisco, Estab
tablished January, 1887.
SPECIAL NOTICE TO THE PUBLIC
APPROXIMATION PRIZES.
One hundred numbers from'3844S to 38548, in
clusive, beiny f>0 numbers on each side of the
number drawing the capital prize of $30,000
—$40.
One hundred numbers from 5524.1 to 55343.
inclusive, beln* 50 numbers on each Bide of
the number drawing the capital prize of $S00O
—$24.
One hundred numbers from SS875 to &S975,
inclusive, being BO numbers on each sld« of
th« number drawing the capital prize of $4000
—$18.
TERMINAL. PRIZES.
Nine hundred and ninety-nine numbers end
ing with OS, belns the two last figures of the
number drawing the capital prize of $30,000^ — $S.
Nine hundred and ninety-nine numbers end
ing with 93, being the two last figures of the
number drawing the second capital prize, of
$8000— $8.
The subscribers having supervised the single
number drawings. Class I, Honduras National
Lottery Company, hereby certify that the above
are the numbers which were this day drawn
from the 100.000 placed In the wheel, with the
prlzex corresponding to them.
Witness my hand at Puerto Cortez, Honduras,
C. A., this Saturday, September 12. 1!HX1.
(Signed) W. S. CABELL, Commissioner.
$3750 FOR 25 CENTS— ONE-EIGHTH OF
FIRST CAPITAL PRIZE.
State of Missouri. City of St. T-ou!«. ;
Henry Bueter deposes and says that he re
sides at 4020 N. Ninth street. St. Louis. Mo.,
and that he Is ' the. rightful owner or one
elghfh ticket of No. 32207 Jn the Honduras Na
tional Ixrttery Company (Louisiana State Lot
tery), which in the drawing held on Saturday,
August 8. 1903, at Puerto Cortez. Honduras, i
C. A drew the first capital prize of $30,000. ;
HENRY BUETER. I
Subscribe and sworn to before me this 17th '
i day of August. WOT. . j
CHARLES E. HANNAUER. Notary Public.
Witnesses— J. 11. Koetncr and William
Mayer.
$3750 FOR 2". CENTS^-ONE-EIGHTH " OF i
' ' FIRST CAPITAL. PRIZE.
New York. August 13, 1003.
Samuel Blttner being duly sworn deposes and
says that he ts the bona fide owner of one
eighih ticket No. S2207. Class H, of the Hon
duras Nfctldnal Lottery Company, the drawing
of which took place at Puerto Cortez. Hondu
ras C. A., on Saturday. August 8. 10O3 and
Bald number drew the first capital prize of $30.
000 and that he received the money In i full
upon surrendering the aforesaid ticket.
SAMUEL BITTNER, 137 Pitt stre«t.
Sworn to before me this 14th day of Au
gust, 1003. S. GOODEL.FER.
Notary Public
Witness — Cllen Sam.
$3750 FOR- 25 CENTS— ONE-EIOHTH OF
,KJRST CAPITAL PRIZE. ¦
Commonwealth of Massachusetts. Suffolk ss.
I, Joseph Waldnteln. residing at 6 Cooper
street, Boston. Mass.. do, on my oath, depose
and fay that 1 am the rightrul owner arid
possessor of one-eighth ticket No. 32,207,
which drew the capital prize of $.10,000 In the
drawing of the Honduras National Lottery
Company, at Puerto Cortez. Hondura*. c. A.,
and that the amount of said prize. $3750, was
paid to me In full, without discount or charge
of any nature, upon presentation of the ticket
to the representative of the companv.
J. WALDSTEIN.
Boston. Aug. 10, 1903.
There p*rt>ona.lly appeared before me the
above named Joseph Waldsteln. who Is known
to me, and made oath that the above state
ment by him subscribed is true.
MORRIS SILVERSTEIN. Notary Public.
$8000 FOR $2— WHOLE OP" SECOND CAP
ITAL. PSIZE.
SA*N FRANCISCO, Auer. 13. lfKVi.
-' Received from Mrtrgfr & Franklin, $,SCO0
for whole ticket No. 071. in Hon luras Na
tional Lottery Company, whlcn drew the sec
ond capital prixe of $8000 in tne drawing of
August H, 1903, held at Puerto Cortes, Hon
duras C. A. D. D. BAKER.
With Byron Jackson Machine Works, Sixth
and Bluxome sts. San FranciR<:o.
Original* of foregoing affidavits held by
president of Honduras National Lottery Com
panr (Louisiana State Lottery Company).
¦ ¦ ¦ ? . ¦
Geronimo, the famous Apache chief,
now, in his eighty-ninth year, will be al
lowed by the Government authorities t6
attend the Indian congress in New York
ntxt summer.
NEW YORK. Sept. 16.— Special tele
graphic and cable advices to Bradstreet's
show the following changes in the visible
supply of grains, as compared with the
last accounts:
Wheat— United States and Canada, east
of the Rockies, increased 1.O43.000 bushels;
afloat for and in Europe increased 5,000,
000; total supply increased 6,043,000 bushels
Corn— United States and Canada east
of the Rockies, increased 1.026.000 bushels
Oats— United States and Canada, east
of the Rockies, decreased 226,000 busuels
Special Advices to Bradstreet's In
dicate Larger Stocks of All
Grains But Oats.
VISIBLE SUPPLY OF WHEAT
AND CORN SHOWS INCREASE
The following men were successful at
the try-out last night: First tenor. B. E.
Nourse, "0«. H. L. Dearing, '05. B. P. Oak
ford, *02. H. Chalmers. '07. S. P. Frisselle.
¦('3: second tenor. A. W. Hooper. 'Co. B. R.
Cocks. "<M, C. H. Baker. '04. Kellogg, '07.
D. R. Wilson. '06, H. H. Yerihgton. '04;
first bass. W. H. Lar.agan, '04. G. D.
I-yman, '04, B. M. Wotkyns, '03, N. L.
A very. '04, P. H. Heunich, '07, E. W.
Prentice, '05, T. G. Perkins. '05.. Robert
son. '07. T. L. Ryone. '07. H. A. Weihe,
"4: second bass, M. [If Van Norden, *C4,
C I... Firebaugh. '04. R. N. Park. '04. H.
E. Bufh. '03, R. H. Lachmund, '06, U. T.
Park, '07.
STAXFORD UNIVERSITY. Sept. 15.—
The annual try -out for positions in the
varsity glee club was held in Roble
Hall last night.' A large number of aspi
rants appeared and severt.1 new men will
be numbered In the club this year. It is
probable that the glee and mandolin
cluls will make a concert tour of the
• oast as far as British Columbia during
the Christmas vacation.
Stanford Glee Club Men Chosen.
The ceremony was performed by Dr.
Jacob Voorpanger of San Francisco, in
the presence of the relatives only. A
wedding breakfast was served and th*
couple took tho afternoon train for the*
south, after which they will go to Eu
rope for a threo months' ttfur. They wer*>
the recipients of many beautiful and
<jostly gifts.
STOCKTON, Sept. 16.— A society Wed
ding took place in this city at 1 o'clock to
day, tb«» contracting parties being Karl
Trirst. a I»s Angelcn merchant, and
Clara Hart Ropenbaum, daughter of D.
S. Rngonbaum, a banker and merchant of
this city. The bride is an accomplished
and hrautif ul and one of Stockton's
select society.
Karl Triest and Miss Clara "Hart
F.osenbaum Are Married by
Rabbi Voorsanger.
4
LOS ANGELES MERCHANT
WEDS STOCKTON BELLE
Glenn C. Barnhart is at the head of
the iirm of Earnhr.rt & Swasey of San
Francisco. Mr. and Mrs. Barnhart will
ppend their honeymoon at Shasta and in
the northern part of California. - ..
Mrs. Barnhart is one of the prettiest
and most popular young women of San
Jose. She is a native of Santa Clara
County and the daughter of the late
Thomas Howard, a California pioneer and
capitalist.
SAN JOSE, Sept. 16.— One of the most
fashionable weddings of the season oc
curred at Trinity Episcopal Church at 8
o'clock this evening, when Miss Lezette
Howard, a popular belle of this city, be
came the wife of Glenn C. Barnhart, a
well known business and club man of San
Francisco. The ceremony was performed
by Rev. Dr. Fcote, assisted by Rev. Dr.
Waketield. The church was handsomely
decorated with flowers and plants and ap
propriate music was rendered. A large
numbor of friends of the couple was pres
ent. Miss Tnmlnosa Howard, a sister of
the bridp. was the maid of honor, and
Misers Hannah Wright. Prudence Barn
hart and Janie Will!* of Sacramento and
Mollie Sti-.rk of Alameda were brides
maids. The grcom was attended by Don
ald McGarrltr.
After the ceremony the bridal party
went to the residence of the bride's moth
er. Mrs. B. M. A. Howard. 5i6 North
Third street; where « reception was held.
The house was handsomely decorated with
flowers and plants and the grounds were
illuminated with Jaripr.ese lanterns.
Howard Are Married in the
Garden City.
Glenn C. Barnhart and Miss Lezette
SAN JOSE BELLE IS BRIDE
OF A SAN FRANCISCAN
Mr. Brady Is chief clerk of the depart
ment of Fteam engineers at the Mare
Island Navy Yard. Prior to coming to
Vallejo some eipht years ago he was city
clerk of Oakland, where he Is widely
known. The bride has spent most of her
life here. During the past eight years she
has tilled the position of stenographer
and type writer In the equipment depart
ment at the navy yard. Mare Island.
Upon returning from their bridal tour
Mr. and Mrs. Brady will make their
home in Vallejo.
Doogan at the parochial residence
of this parish. The witnesses to the cer
emeny were Frank A. McGinley and Miss
Mamie A. Lefaivre. sister of the bride.
The bride was attired in a s-tylish dark
blue traveling suit and carried a bunch of
American Beauty roses. in her hand. The
happy couple left on tho early boat for
San Francisco and later In the day start
ed by rail for Woodstock. Canada, where
the 'honeymoon will be spent at the
groom's fonnei' home.
VALLEJO. Sept. 16.— At 6:S5 this
morning John M. Brady and Mrs.
Isabella M. Carlton were married
very quietly by Rev. Father
Special Dispatch to The Call
TOPEKA, Kans.. Sept. 16.—Tempera
tures in Kansas are from five to twelve
degrees lower than last night and a
heavy frost on the corn in the northern,
eastern and central portions of the State
is practically a certainty. From Concor
dia, Abilene. Salina, Phlllipsburg and
Newton comes the report that the tem
perature Is very low and another frost
is expected. The frost last night dam
aged corn in the northwest and with more
to-night the crop will receive a great set
back. In eastern and central Kansas the
farmers do not expect the corn to be ru
ined by to-nighfs frost, but it will make
the yield of an Inferior quality. Ten more
days of sunshine would have insured -a
good crop. In Salina the temperature is
only four degrees above freezing.
Quality.
Kansas Corn Crop Will Be of Inferior
ANOTHER FROST PROBABLE.
Navy Yard RomanceCul
minates in Happy
Wedding.
VALLEJO COUPLE WHO WERE
MARRIED YESTERDAY IN
THAT CITY.
Judge Murasky Is of Opinion E;j
Erred in Giving Chatham Ma
jority of Three.
REDWOOD CITY, Sept. 16.— R. S.
Chatham, Republican, will probably be
declared elected Sheriff of San Mateo
County over J. H. Mansfield. Democrat,
by a majority of one vote. Mansfield was
given the certificate of election by the
Board of Supervisors upon the canvass
of the returns of the election officers,
these returns showing that he had re
ceived sixty-three more votes than Chat
ham.
The defeated candidate contested the
election ard upon a recount of the votes
by the court was plven a majority of
three votes. Judge Murarky presided at
the trial. He Is now of the opinion that
he erred with respect to two of these bal
lots and has directed the attorneys to ex
amine the record Tor the evidence con
cerning them. Should he finally hold that
these ballots were illegal Chatham will
still have a majority of one. A final de
cision will probably be rendered in a few
days. Should Mansfield be declared de
feated he will appeal to the Supreme
Court.
ONE VOTE MAY DETEAT
SKER.IFF MANSFIELD
The corn market on the Board of Trade
to-day jumped l&i cents to' 1% cents on
frost news. At this there was a big and
excited trade, but many shorts were
eliminated yesterday, and this, with the
fact that the market has not yet reached
crop-scare proportions, kept prices from
"going through the roof," as some
thought they would. The close was 1^4
cents to 1% cents over yesterday's close.
"Up to date no great Oamage has been
done in the heart of the corn belt," said
Forecaster Walz to-day, "but it seema
certain that Illinois will have frost to
night, as will Iowa, Kansas, Missouri and
Indiana, for the cold wave is extending
east and south."
A scrutiny of the weather map to-day
told the tale of Jack Frost's work last
night. The coldest point was Huron,* S.
D.. where the mercury sagged to 24. At
Yankton the temperature was 32. Dodge
City, Kans., shivered while the thermom
eter registered 42, but It was only 36 at
Conccrdia. which was the lowest point in
the Sunflower State. At Omaha it was
36; r.t Sioux City. Iowa, it was 34, and
this is close to the heart of the corn
country.
With this cold wave reaching east and
couth, weather officials Fay, it looks dark
for the corn crop, for corn is late and re
quires in many sections another week of
warm weather to ripen.
Illinois, Iowa, Kansas, Missouri and In
diana will be touched by frost to-night,
according to the Weather Bureau. This
means that the very heart of the corn belt
is threatened. Heretofore warm, cloudy
weather has given the corn In this section
the time needed to ripen. l5ut much of it
Is still in a tender condition, and a sharp
frost to-night, it is admitted, would mean
tremendous loss.
CHICAGO. Sept. 16.— Killing frosts vis
ited the western portion of the corn belt
last night, doing much damage to crops,
and the signal service office predicts that
to-night the cold wave will reach east and
south.
Judge Wallace further held that the
trust sought to be create J Is void for two
reasons. First, it cj>pt.'ars to be a trust
lor charitable purposes and the will was
made within le*s than thirty days from
"vhe time of Jacobs' death. Second, it was
a truFt to convey real property and thore
fore void and illegal uinier decisions of
i he Supreme Court of California In t~e
< ase of Senator James G. Fair. The result
will be that the property will go to the
residuary legatees and their assign?.
It will be sees that the ruling of Judge
Wallace is a very important one. as there
itre about 35.000 acres of land involved In
the matter. The sixteenth clause was
• itber a trust and void or else the prop
erty went absolutely to Albert Myer and
Fusxnan Mitchell, in which event they
could have disregarded the request to dis
tribute it to students and could have held
it themselves, and this d!d not appear to
have been the intention ol the deceased.
VISALIA, Sept. 16.— In the Superior
Court of Tulare County Judge W. B.
Wallace held that clause 16 of Elias Ja
cobs' will created a trust. Although it
" as stated in the will that the property
-liould go to Albert Meyer and Susman
Mitchell absolutely and free from any
trust, yet deceased expressed in the will
liia confidence that they would carry out
liis plan for disposing uf said land in
twenty-acre tracts to deserving graduates
of various educational Institutions.
Weather Bureau Predicts Its
Spread to the East and.
South.
Charitable Purpose of the
Visalia Capitalist Is
Thwarted.
Immense Landed Estate
"Will Revert to the
Legatees.
Cold Wave Visits ; the
Middle "Western
States.
Single Number Class "I," Drawn at
Puerto Cortez, Honduras, C. A.,
Saturday, September 1.2, 1903.
So. Prize. No. Prize. INo. Prize.
112 24 212 24| 253 40
270 1H 341 120 439. w ... 40
7.15 400 801 24 819 40
1015 24 1109 1« 1160 4O
1249 40 1285 16 .1288 - 24
1.194 80 1451 16 1*57 24
1548 * 1« 1603 24 1712 16
1977 16 19S4 40 2145 24
2157 40 2294 16 2437 16
2494 16 2522 24 2703 8U
2787 16 2S47 16 2838 40
2872..... 16 2930 24 3055 4U
3120 40 3128 24 3269 40
3364 24 3347 18 3430 80
3453 16 3529 120 3342 10
3548 16 3784 16 3850 IH
3839 IB 3948 1(5 3995 1«
.T098 10 4OS6 10 4103 . 10
415S 40 4180 10 4288 10
4583 16 4757 16 4779 24
4924 16 510.1 1(> 5470 10
6545 10 5557 80 {Mill 10
5(180 24 B698 10 5719 10
6903 16 Sa^t 24 WHO. 1 24
6034 2» 6U0U 1« 6110 16
6154 80 U214 24 «{93 1C
6445 24 0449 1« C511 21'
6577 SO C6O4 16 6647 24
CL07 40 0(570 24 0705 40
675:} 24 6810 24 6S19 24
7CC8 10 7031 24 7075 80
7104 24 7252 40 7345 24
757« 10OO 7&'tl 80 »«44 10 '
7«i2 24 7«7U 40 7880 24
8053 80 SO«3 80 S107 1U
8274 m K304 24 8319 24
S450 40 S4(i2 16 85(iO 120
8839..;.. 16 8873 16 8072 24
0033 10 OHti 24 9343 1C
9375 16 0616 40 9644 24
"071 18 0934 40 10008 1O
1004C 24 10078 24 10008 40
10192 120 10212 24 10360 1«
10423 10 10400 16 10479 40
10707 24 107S1 16 10825 16
10037 • 40 11056 40 11090 1«
11101..... 16 1139S 10 11414 1«
1147S..... 40 11544 24 I J 598 40
H«52 24 11757 24 117»i3 40
118CO....; 40 11004 l«|12059 24
122S0 120! 12t:«« 24 13064 16
1 ; >541 4Oii:U5OO 16 13S50 10
13904 80I14C20 10 14079 40
J*PS9 30114182 1(5 14189 16
}•}•»« 16 14517 40 14562 24
14588 io
14808 24 14S09 80 15055 16
150«5 80 15307 40 15323 24
12502 16115700 24 15777 40
15S05 40 15S69 10 15S24 16
16021 16 16088 16 16118 10
1(5179 lfl 1IUS6 40 16432 24
K'SliO. v . 80 10K53 40 16703 24
16831.;-... 16 10039 40 17008 80
17052 40 17102 IB 17144 24
"213 1*5 17220 24117313 40
17332 10 17445 24 17521 16
17532 10 17012 40 17615 40
17618 10 18053 10 18075 16
1SW1 40I18H57 40 18206 24
1*239 10U8.J09 10 18511..... 16
18598 10 18633 SO 18045 10
J8T7-2 16 18787 24 18874 16
l»035 24110039 1000 19074 40
19180 16 19350 16 19402 16
1»616 24 19(58.1 1(5 19791 120
19S27 24 19902 10 19935 16
10091..... 10 20018 8020195 10
£0210 24 20287 24I2O.S20 24
20505 lCI20<i70 40120731 24
207»!0 24I2OS06 80 2083.'! 24
20887 24120922 24 21118 40
211*9 1621201 24J21221..... 1«
2124(5 16 21249 24121280 16
21677 24 21«99 1«|21726 40
21<47.^... 24J21S90 80J21S91 120
21984 16122000 16 22011 16
22110 16 22224 18 222(59 24
22373 16122537. 40 22600 24
22672....? 16122717 40J22S06 16
22Sr>9 lG[22fll3 io|22937 16
22959 24 229S7..... 24J23171 40
23529 24 23000 40'2:;«79 16
23972 16 24072 16J24109. . . ;. 10
24114 16 24243 10J24256 16
24472 120,24541 &i)|S4<U0 40
2*"10 16 24768 40|24771 24
24789 24124799 4024910. 24
25102 24 25110 24J25130. . . :. 40
25324 16 25347 16 26826 24
25C2<| Hi 25758 24 25996 24
2509!)..... 16 26224 40126346 1G
26360 40126526 , 10 26690 40
2U700 10|2«705 400 20822 80
JWW28 24 2*831 16 27853 40
27361 . 16I274.S7 120 27<181 . . . . . 40
27907 16!2$2K0 80 28323 24
28365 1C|284O«..:.. 1«J28(«2 16
2*«44 1«|2S7M l«t"S783..... 24
28805 .80|2SSr.8 24 28971 16
29053 16!29U.1 80 20151 «>.
291C9 16J29230 24 29314. "' 24
2947S 10129009 1«29«91.;... 40
Sffiiii; iSp* 40 p 85 10 '
30026 16..:0115 24 30233. . 16
30318 24 30340 80'3(«05.! "' 24
30HK 24 3045.5:.... 24i.'504S3.. 40
S0937 24 3C900 16*31025 " 80
810*11 16 31064 16 41070.."." 16
8*0M> 120 31118 Hi 31308 ... 120
8U»8 16 3134« 16 31380:.": 16
8}«B 16 31542 24 3156.1 16
31WS 40 31635 10 31828 24 I
31941 80 3107.1..... 16 32026 16
:<2«>S5 40 32109 40 32221 40 :
32306 IB 32511 <0 326M 40
32722 80 32706 40:.T_'S36. 24
32855 40S2060 16 33022 lrt
33214 16 33332 16 3S3M la
33343 80 83346 24 \xirn'. \ ] [ \ }«
«i«? 16 33458!. "H 16 33575 80
3.5H75 16:«aiO lfi'.'MlKl so
S43C0 16 34378 16134613 40
«««> 24 34579 16 34ffi": '. '. '. [ iS
34846 16 34878 80 34937 ir
35019 2433171 40 35193::::: M
5*22J 40. 153.10 16 353S1 16
3S406 40 3.1433 16 35454 24
35595 24i35640 24 35828 01
•SSS'V'V 24I«6416 103(5494."::" 16
-WWO 24 36734 ; 24 30831 11;
W»«» 403G951..... 24 37255 ."." .W \e
«'*25 16 37438 16 37542.. 24
376S0 24 37X3+ SO 37659.. 40
38MC 24138312 24 38461 M
38408 3O0OOI38520 16 38694 24
3«725 40S8742 40 38753.":::: i\%
3SJ54 24 38764 SO 38821 ..... ' 40
BW«» 16 38907 16,38958:::. 16
39059 16 39276 40 3037^ 1«
S9383 10 39.197 40 3950«:::" 16 !
30007...... 4039711 24.19717 10
29JJ0 -10 39795 10 30800. 40
J0276 40 40353 24 40350" 40
40512 120(4057.! 24 40H25 lrt
*<»»* 16j»0U0r{ 24 40734 40
J0W7 40 4003* 16 41016; . 40
41213 80 41220 40'41370 *V
41»">4 80 41945 10|419S9". : .'. ' Tfi
42121 80 42324 24142.-544 16
42591..... 24 42676 l«!420<>2.. 1«
43033. i- .. 10 4.-U98 16 43234 " 120
16 4TJ56 1«4:«88 1]
?342.1 16 4:5536 1(5 43588.. 40
j?625 4O4.-Iri56 80 43V.2. " 1
«874 KO 43877::" > 10 43977 24
««»l 24 44117 16 44270.::". j«
***^i 16 44500 4O44517.... SO
4«>75 80 45000.;... 16 15082 40
««W 4ft4f»192 24 45316 . 1«
45320. .... . 40 J5.130 lfl 45541 . lfi
45592..... 40 45666 120 45853..:" 24
45900 1 24|4593S..... 40 40C91 "4
40O96 I 10 40154 m 4021 1 ' ' " ' 24
46302... . . . r 24 4H421 24 46723 '/." IH
4»S)0H 1« 47016 1« 47131 J«
47100 1047105..;.. 1647312:'" 40
47170 24 47414 16147631....' 24
47947 16 481S-1 1«|48194.. 10
4X22.1 iH 48235 ? 24 148400. ! ? "4
48-"2. r . 40 48087 10 48838. " 1«
4SS57 10 4R8B.-1 24 48944 " 1«
49047 v ... 40 49151 10 49195."" ir !
41)2*0 • 10 49301 10 49.184 ni I
4U407 80 49505 24 49644* "" "1 '
411607 lfl 49609 It! 49«9rt '" Tfi
49940..... 24 499!»8 24 50130:;"' ?«
f-0367 JO 50370 1R5O404 " 24
5.MM11. 40 50044 1« 50078: 24
r.1148..... 24 51303 16 51309 24
61345 2451451 80 51516. '"¦' Tfl
61714 40 51783 16 51854.. " 94
52258 80 52662 24 52792 " srt
53130 24 5310S lfl 53213"'' sn
K«32 80 53429 40 53555."" Vn
53607 16 53782 424 53002 '"" ol
M924 16 54022 ; 1« 54052""" ir
54095 40 54260 '40 54325 "" i?
54409..:..- lt5M41.1 1654416""* \a
54603 120JV4654 80 54753 *" u
54709 A 16 547S8 16 54869""" lfi
54874 •1655245 24 55293 . "" SOOO
.Vi312. 80 55310 80 55325.. ' * i«
55411 24 55672 16 55875 "" in
55994 . 16 56014 16 56161 Oi
50268..... 1 80 56340 16 56639 "" frt
56729 24 56737 24 5701 B*."" 1
57047 '1657054 40 57119."" iV
57148 120 67174 24 57240 ""* f«
57438 1« 57H64...:. 24 57715 i«
57792 40 57831 lfi 57833 if,
57961.:... 1658078 1658122."" 01
58120, . 40Vt232 40^245. '" In
58252.;.;. 4058304..... 10 58427. " »,,,
58477. .V.V 16 5850.1 24 580JS. V«
58700 16 58750 : 16 58782.:"* so
58970 24 *°
C»O11»..... 24 5»05.'t...!. .24 50150. m
59190 24 59388 24 50.193. . ; " AV
59038 ? 24 59880..... 80 59896... i«
50902 ,.24 69984 IH 00049. .... i«
B0270 40 6027.1..... 80 60360 24
B0420 24K0432..... 24 60441... .80
60583 - ,24 60828. 16B10O1..... i2f»
S1181.:... 24 tH19!»..V.. 24 61406 24
5J625 16 61993..... ' 16 61998 -94
82008 400 02074;.... .16 62101..... 16
B2202 10 02460 16 62839 j«
B2840 24(52842 16 6288^ 10
H2894. 1662918.. 24 62937. *>4
S2O91 ..... 24 63048 24 63139. . . . . 16
53155. 1«6322«..... lfl«3262...:. 2t
i«262 24 63275....'. 24 63327 24
KJ44.1 40tS3464 40 63632..;.. 24
11646..... 24 63655 40 63683,/... 24
S3772..... 40 63983.;... 8064003..... ir,
H4O12... .. 24 64278 40 64292..... 40
543S1. SO 04.382..... • 40 64717. 40 ;
PATENT APPLIED FOR.
NUMBERS
OF THE
Honduras National Lottery Co.
FROST DAMAGES
THE CORN CROP
JACOBS TRUST
DECLARED VOID
MARE ISLAND
CLERK WEDS
CO-WORKER
No. Prize. No. . Prize. |N0. Prixe.
6478.S 80 65106. ...'. 16 t>5174 40
65186 1« 65202 .16 65268 1«
65317 16 65322 16 65347 16
65381 4065434 80*5450 2000
65511 16 65548 16,65655 16
68676 40065711 16 65837 ..16
O60O7..... 120 66061 24 60068 10
66106 1666613 24 C6636 40
66723 4066742 120 66846 40
665)84 12067008 24 6717S 16
67283 1667301 40 67423 18
67448.....' 1667451 16 67463 80
67504i 16 67645 24 67703 24,
67731 1667904 40 67980 24
68063 166S097 16 68188 24
«8235 16 68270 24 68300 16
68307 40 68414..'... 16 118470. 24
68505 16 08533 24 6S623 1«
C8C85 400 68737 16 68810 16
08818 ¦ 24 68842 $0 69002 24
00.114..'... 4069502 80 C0573 18
60577 10 69643 If, 69661 40
C0696i.... 24 60711 40 C9791 16 ¦
70090 . 24 70222. 40 70409 120
70393 24 70745 16 70786 24
70885 2*70917 24 70978 '24
71005..... 4071119 ¦W 711^ Vi
71231 40 71385..... ,24.1400 24
71718 1671722 24 71922 16
72040 24 72297 16 72361 SO
72396 16 72575 40*72640 24
73047MIII 24 73180!."" 16 73197 18
73272 "80 73387 16 73405 i\
736C3 24 73730 16 73746 16
73835 120 73987 24 74081 1«
74105 80 74144 40 74576 40
74191 16 74318 16 74490 24
74755 24 74942 80 74B52 80
75161 1H 7.1259 24 75374 40
75451 40 75487 24 75014 10
75526..... 16 75581 24J75725 16
75761..... 10 75763 10 75852..... 80
75802 16 75904 80 75910 16
7(5000 807C037 80 7(5174 80
70304 24 7C394 16 76404 16
76400 16 70449 . 80)76480 16
763S3 40 7CCS4 4 24 76896 16,
7C03U 1C 76971 40 76883 24 :
7C994 24 77137 40 77207 10
77202....'. 40 77354 24 77484 16
77?01 10 77527..... 40 77543 40
77582 24 77397 16 77601 16
77B67 40 779C0..... 16178150 16
78227 16 78237 80 7S301 24
78379 40178185 16 78459 16
78474'..... 24 78534 40 78618 16
78029 16 78772 16 7S993 40
79022 40 70060 10 79077 16
701(12 120 79230 24179201 16
70294 40 79450 40 79490 16
TStiUO 80 79849 24 79983 16
80030 16 80083 BO 8OC94 24
80172 16 Sf I240 16)80253 • 24
80381 24 80514 40|80O4« 16
8CW2 40181003 1C!81O4« 80
81115 16181126 1(1181186 24
S1265 • 80 81273 SO 81548 40
81507 16 81(501 80:81081 80
821XW 1 018213 1 16:82349 40
82440 16182522 24JR2552 SO
825<tl 1KI82507 4O!82«O4 10
82H95... .. 80' 82736 40IR2S31 16
K3011..../- in|S."!033 24183007 16
83107 2418.1226 l«!8.*56O6 40
83782.'.".-.? IPSlCOfi 16184072 40
841S0 If, H4322 10iS4«05 24
84617 24|!«4fi7» 12O!S4RR1 . . . . . 10
84S15 24IP4S5U 40iS4S>20 24
84970 16IR5025 1RI85040 40
¦ 850(3 24185127 24185190 40
85342 10 85340 10!85465 24
85471 ..... 24l
: 85942 10(85900. 24lP59«fl 24
859R5 24186024. 16I8R0C0. . .'. . 24
SBB73 40180617 24|8A6«'>8 40
87OS0 24)87111 80187198 80
872*3 16187200 24187345 lfl
87R15 24187040 24187063 24
87907 24187919 16i8802R 16
¦ SR030 40188041 lfiiSMOS 16
88159 40IR8161 80 S8217 16
88285 16188342 24 88481 40
R8r>21 24I8SKO2 40188705 80
88750 24188789 40! 88835 10
WS58 24188892 16188925 4000
89051 16189097 80:89394 80
89402 40IS9487 16IR9503 16
K9«(T7 24IR9680 l«|R9700 24
89738 4O'R97S1 16IS9S36 16
8!K>89 24|90Oril 1R0010S 16
90180 34|»Oiai 16I0O251 4I>
90268 2419055.1 24I9W20 24
90045 40190049 40190(553 24
fl«m 10191054 lfi'fllOM 24
91f»77 40i91115 80191271 40
91344 KII91420 16(01448 24
nt4»4 in|9i«ort lfiioiflos. so
OlfiSO 40 91723 1BJ91870 16
91896 JH!9irW2 80191999 lfi
92042 24f92199 40'02235 18
02311 10102351 16192438... >. 16
02511 1CI92516 40192532 24
92534 l»!|n25K2 8010250.1.. . 24
92B20 24I92C47 16'»2733 .. 16
»2S35 8O!f»284fl 24'82021 . 40
93011 40103031 40!9.1->72 16
63387 2419341 S 16193562.1... 16
9.1600 40I93C.5 1<5'9373S 411
9377« lOWiM l(i!9J014. . 24
94093 4C94112 16194117. .. 4O
94131 80194183 24I914S1 lfi
£454t 24(04585 '. 24!«4«02 "4
J>4^5 1(1194722....:. ,16!0474si;;;: 16
95001 16195012 lfi 193081 16
03206 40 [052(55 ..... 24 ! 05.119 .... 40
955SO 1C!95(577 l&'KtTH 24
95848.;... 40195900 24195987** "* "4
96030 12O|90122 1«!9«177! 16
»6187 16|nt(30.-S lfl!9«3«0.. 24
»<U01. lfli9H544 40196750... 24
96771 40fftG7S2 10196810.. .. 16
97041 1697116....: 16197150 80
97457..... 1BI9748S 80197538 40
97500 16
97598 40197821 24!fl7833. '6
97872 16197907..... 24|9S248 40
98281..... 16 982S8 10198310 l«
98334 in|nS352 40|A.S3A7 40
98450 . 1(5)98(573 24S0S774 lilj
98883 16198940 24109000 24
90198 16!99472 16I99614 ">4
90tiOO 16|
THE SAN FBANCISCO' CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 17, 1903.
7
AMUSEMENTS.
irALilFORNijT
U I Last Nltfits of th« Great \r\
-1-. Lauchlnc Piece. If I
A Friend of the Family.
Featuring OeorgB Barnum for years
le&din? comedian with May Irwln, and
Alice Johnson, leading lady of the orig-
inal Frawley Company.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
NEXT SITNDAT
4 Mr. Samuel Thall offers Isadora Wit-
mark's Famous Comedy Opera
THE CHAPERONS.
Original New York All-Star Cast.
Ftrat BUr Musical Comedy
6O— Singing People — SO.
. Awrmented Orcnestra.
Ti SEATS NOW SELLING. lang
i Don't mlM It— One week only H
helatrD
iiliHisi
(NOTE. — Performance commences at 8 sharp.
Matinee on Saturday at 2 sharp.
— — TO-XI1OHT— -
Saturday Matinee and Sunday Night. Bellini" s
Grand Opera.
"LA SONNAMBULA"
Friday and Saturday Evenings, Verdi's Im-
mortal Work.
"IL TROVATORE."
NEXT WEEK — "Carmen" and "Traviata."
PRICES AS USUAL— 25c. 60c. 73c.
Telephone^ — Bush 0.
High-Class Specialties Every Afternoon
and Evening In the Theater.
TO-mOHT
GALA AMATEUR PERFORMANCE
Cbncludins With
NEW LIVING PICTURES.
TAKE A TRIP -DOWN THE fLUME."
VISIT THE
"MYSTIC MIRROR MAZE"
ADMISSION 10c I CHILDREN 3c
EMERYVILLE RACETRACK,
OAKLAND.
y eg Jgg king
GOLDEN GATE RACE MEET.
FIVE OR MORE RACES EACH DAT.
Sept. 19 to Sept 26, inclusive.
RUNNING. TROTTING AND PACING.
BEST HORSES IN CALIFORNLV WILL CON-
TEST DAILY.
ADMISSION. 60C.
W M KENT. Treasurer.
JOS. I. DIMONP. Secretary.
OCEAN TRAVEL^
S Steamers leavv Saa Fran-
cisco as follows:
For Ketchikan. WrangeU
Juneau. Halr.es. Ekasway.
etc., Alaska — 11 a. m.. Sept.
19. 23, 28. Oct. 3. Chang*
to company's steamers at
Stattle.
For Victoria, Vancouver.
Port Townsend. Seattle. Ta-
eoma. Everett. Whatcom — 11 a. m.. Sept. 1%
23. 28. Oct. 3. Change at Seattle to this com-
pany's steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry. : at
Seattle for Tacoma to N. P. Ry.; at Vancou-
ver to C P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay>— Pomona, 1:30
|>. rn.. E«pt.*l». 25. Oct. 1; Corona. 1:30 p. in..
Bept. 16. 22. 28, Oct. 4.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angeles and
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara—
Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays. 9 a. ra.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Crux. Man-
terey. San Slm«"on. Cayucoa. Port Hartord (San
Luis Cfoupo). Ventura and Hueneme.
Coos Bay. & a. m.. Sept. 14. 22. 30, Oct. S.
Bonita. 0 a. m.. Sept. 13. 28, Oct. 4.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Eay. San Jose det
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata, La Pax. Santa Ro-
salia. Guaymaa (Hex.), 10 a. m.. 7th ot eacit
month.
For further information obtain folder.
Right Is reserved to change steamers or sail-
ing dates. — '
TICKET OrriCES — 4 New Montgom-
ery street (Palace Hotel). 10 Market street an<J
Broadway wharf.
Freight ottlt*. 10 Market street.
C D. DtTNANN. General Passenger Agent.
10 Market street. San Francisco.
O. R. «ft N. CO.
"Columbia" calls Sept. 10. 20. 30. Oct. 10. 2ft
SO. "Gcorga W. Elder" sails Sept. 15. :\
Oct. S. IS. 25. Only steamship line to PORT-
LAND. OR., and short rail line from Portland
to all oolnts East. Through tickets ta ali
points, all rail or steamship and rail at LOW-
E9T RATES. Steamer tickets includ* berth
and meal*. Steamer sails foot of Spear »l at
11 a. m. 8- F. BOOTH. Gen. Act. Pa«». L>pt..
1 Montgomery st.; C. CLIFFORD. Gen. Agt.
FrC Dept.. 3 Montgomery st. -
AMERICAN LIME.
NEW YORK-SOtTHAMITOX -LONDON
Phlla.Sept. 23. 10 amlNew Tork.Oct. 7.10am
St Louis. Sept.SO.lOamlPhlla... Oct. 14. It) am
' ATX.A3JTI0 TRAJfSPOK* U1TX.
Haw York — London Direct.
Minne'pls.Sept. 28.9 am Masaba.. Oct. 10. » am
Mln'haha..Oct. 3. 3 pm Mn't'ka.Oct. 17.1:30pm I
Only Fir*t-/-»a»« Passengers Carried.
SOXX2TXOH LINE.
Boston — Qneenstown — Liverpool.
Commonwealth. Sept. 2*|Columbus(new>.Oct. IT.
New England... Oct. 1 CommonTcea»h..Oct. 22
Mayflower Oct. SiNew England. ..Oct. 29
Montreal — Liverpool— Short sea paxsag*.
Canada Sept. 21|Domtnion Oct. in
Southwark Oft 3 Southwark Oct. IT
&>*<><> Mediterranean o»r«t
AZORES— GIBBALTAK-NAPLES-GESOA.
Vancouver Sat.. Oct. 10, Nov. 21
Cambroman Sat., Oct. 31. Dec. 12
BED STAS LINE.
K«w York — Antwerp — Paris.
Kronlnd.Sept. 2fl,10an»|F1nland..Oct. 10. 10am
Zealand ...Oct. 3. IQamlVad'Und.Oct. 17.10 am
WHITE STAS TjI HE. ¦.---,
Ksw York — Oaa*a»to-wn — Liverpool.
8alllng Wednesdays and Fridays.
Oceanlc.Sept, 23. 7 amjTrotrtnic.Sept. 30 noon j
Cymric. Sept. 2.V 8 am| Arabic. Oct. 2, 2:30' pm
Victorian. Sept. 29 noon 'Germanic. ..Oct. 7 noon
C. D TAYLOR. Passenger Agent Pacific Coast,
21 ..Post st.. San Francisco.
TOYO RISEN KAfSHA,
{ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CQ.>
Steamers will leavs wharf, corner First and
Bransan streets^ at 1 p. m., for YOKOHAMA
and HONGKONG, calling at Kobe (Hlogo).
Nagasaki and Shanghai, and connecting at
Hongkong with steamers for" India, «te. N«
cargo received on board on day of sailing.
S. a HONGKONG MARU (calling at M**'
nfla> Saturday. September 19 IMS
S. 8. NIPPON MARU '..
Thursday. October 13 1903
8. S. AMERICA MARU .'.
.....Tuesday, November 10. 1901
Via Honolulu. Round trip tickets at reduewf
rates. For freight and passage, apply at Com-
pany's offlc*. 421 Market! rtreet. corner First.
W. . H. AVERT, O«neral Agent.
oceaBttS.s.co.ss
S. 8. SONOMA, far Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land aa4 Sydney. Thursday. Sept. IT. 2 p. nv.
8. S. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Sept. 20. 11 a. m,
S.i ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Sept 28. U a-m.
MafciK2a.UI BvUSUflr b. l.ftrifc H
COKPAQHIE eZKX&ALX TKAHBATLajrTIQTIX.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. .^
Sailing every Thursday. Instead of
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42, » iHNmmfJm'
KorUt River, foot of Morton st.
First-class to Havre. S70 and upward. Seo-
ond-clas* to Havre. S45 and upward. GZN-
i ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 83 Broadway (Hudson Building).
New York. J. F. FUGAZI * CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. 0 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets soM by all Railroad Ticket Ajcaot*.
AMUSEMENTS.-
GULUmlllJi IWI.W1KHTH
Farewell Appearances as Co-Stars in This City.
HENRY MILLER
AND
riARQARET ANGLIN
Last 3 Nights— Matinee Saturday.
"THE AFTERMATH."
An Adaptation by Henry Miller of George
Ohnet's Novel. "Le Maltre dea Forges."
Next Monday — Henry "W. Savage announces
THE MERRIEST MUSICAL COMEDY.
P 1? I TV C P^ Plxley and Laden.
* tVIllVlw Authors of
OF "Kins Dodo."
PILSEN s?^
* **-?*— '*-**."* ZINZINNATI?"
SEATS NOW READY.
E..ROUSBY'S Latest Spectacular Novelty,
"IIN PARIS"
An Electrical Review in Four Tableaux;
Arnesen; James Richmond Glenroy;
Princess Losoros; Frederic Bond
and Company and the Biograph.
Last Times of the Original Bio
Brothers; Almont and Dumont and
Fischer and Wacker.
Reserved Seats, 25c: Balcony, 10c; Box Seata
and Opera Chairs. SOc.
Belasco & Mayer, Proprietors-
Market at., near Eighth. Phone South 633.
TO-NIGHT, ALL. THIS WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Magnificent Production of the Gorseous Mili-
tary Spectacle.
SCHERRYPICKERS
An Augmented Cast and Stage Settings 0«
Oriental Splendor.
PDIfTC Evenlnra 10c to BOc
rnlVCJ Matinees 10c. 16c. 23c
Week of Sept. 21— AFTER DARK.
ALCAZAR ISMlS
j Belasco & Mayer. Proprietors. .Phone Alcazar.
B. D. PRICE, General Manager.
TO-NIGHT— THIS WEEK ONLY.
FLORENCE ROBERTS
In Sudermann's Masterpiece.
...MAGDA...
"Held audience spellbound." — Call.
"Strongly presented; well sustained." — Ex-
aminer.
"Achieved distinct triumph." — Post.
Evenings. 23c to 75c; Sac Mat., 13c to 50c.
MATINEE TO-DAT.
D'ANNUNZIO'S GIOCONDA.
WHEN NIGHT PRICES WILL PREVAIL.
ART PROGRAMME SOUVENIR. .
Next Week— MISS ROBERTS in
THE ADVENTURE OP LADY URSULA.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
i Every lady and child presented with a sou-
venir picture of a Lilliputian at all matinees.
THIRD WEEK.
POLLARD LILLIPUTIAN OPERA CO.
Z. .TO-NIGHT
I' To-morrow and Saturday Nights and Saturday
Matinee,
The Japanese Musical Comedy,
THE GEISHA
PRICES — Evenlnr* 13c. 25c. SOc. 75c.
Matinees 13c. "25c, SOc.
BEGINNING SUNDAY MATINZIE,
RAUL JONES
If You Want Good Seats Come as Quickly as
Possible and S«e the Two Best of
Burlesques,
I "The Glad Hand" and "Tha Con-curert" |
Our "Ail-Star" Cast. Including
KOLB AND DILL,
BARNEY BERNARD.
WINFIELD BLAKE.
HARRY HERMSEN.
MAUD AMBER.
ELEANOR JENKINS.
RESERVED SEATS— Nights. 23c, BOc and
Toe; Saturday and Sunday Matinees. 25c and
50c: Children at Matinees, 10c and 25c.
* Eddy Street, Above Mason.
Last Matin tea To-Day and 'Saturday
• at 3 P. M.
POSITIVELY LAST THREE NIGHTS
The XV Century Morality Play,
"EVERYMAN"
Reserved Seats — $1.00, $1.50 and $3.00
! Box Office, Sherman, Clay ft Co.'i.
j Coming— AUGUSTA COTTLOW. Pianists.
SATURDAY, September 19, at 3 p. m.. In
STEINWAY HALL.
The Initial piano recital of the season will be
Riven, with Mr. ' Percival K. Van Yorx at
THE ANGELUS.
Soloist, Mrs. Lillian Birmingham, contralto,
who will sins the "Elll.'and Cycls of Songs."
by A. von Ftellts. This has never before been
done with the accompaniment of a mechanical
piano player. ... .>•
Complimentary tickets may b« secured at oar
j store any time before the recital.
' SHERMAN. CLAY & CO., Kearny and Sutter
BASEBALL!
PACIFIC COAST LEAGUE.
RECREATION * TARK.
EIGHTH AND HARRISON
CHAMPIONSHIP GAMES.
THURSDAY AND FRIDAY. 3:30 P. M.; SAT-
URDAY, 3:C0 P. M.
SUNDAY 2:30 P. M/
SAN FRANCISCO vs. SACRAMENTO
LADIES' DAYS THURSDAY AND FRIDAY.
Advance Bale; 5 Stockton ft.
Mars island and VaJlaJo Jtsamarm,
Steamer GEN. FKISBIE or MONTICELLO-
0:49 a. m., 3:10 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sunday.
Sunday. 9:45 a. m.. 8:80 p. m. Leave Valleja.
1 a. nu. 13:30 noon. 6 p. in., ex. Sunday. Sun-
day, 7 a. m.. 4:13 p. m. Fare, 60 cents. Tel,
Main 1509. Pier 2. MUsion-st. dock. BATCH
BROS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BUY '<
BftEWSTER'S
MILLIONS
=YOUR=
DEALER'S
; TO-DAY
laiaUG gce the beautiful
j COURT Lounging
flflfl room, the EMPIRE
aUU PARLOR, the
n J PALM ROOM, the
liT/stlfl LOUIS XV PAR-
Uiai * U . LOR, and the LA-
H t~%~ DIES* • WRITING
notels room.ONE OF GEORGE NETHERCOTT'S KENNEL.. OF GREYHOUNDS, NOMINATED IN THE CALIFORNIA COURSING
COMMITTEE STAKE, WHICH IS PRONOUNCED A PERFECT TYPE OF THE AMERICAN HOUND, HIS PRO
PORTIONS THROUGHOUT BEING CONSIDERED IDEAL. BY COURSING AUTHORITIES.
The coursing on Sunday will commence
with a round of the 48-dog open stake.
The first round of the committee stake
and the first round of the consolation will
be decided before luncheon. The draw
last night resulted as follows:
California ¦ Coursing Committee Stake, twen
ty-four entries — D. Maloney (names Vandal) vs.
F. C. Kenny (names Pasha Pleasant); Califor
nia Coursing Committee (names Palo Alto) vs.
J. H. , Rosseter • (name* Rubber • Ankles) ; P. J.
Rellly '(names ' Pocatelli) vs. E. Hood (names
Cloverdale); H. A. EecklPrnan (names Reno) vs.
L. F. Bartels (names Lord Brazen); W» J. iIon
ford (names Haphazard) vs. T. B. Collins
(names Flaunt); Frank Monahan (names Black
Coon) vs. J. R. Dlckson (names Beacon): II.
II. Lyon (names Belle Free) vs. P. M. Clark-
complimentary tickets of all the parks
represented on the committee will be hon
ored. . , ;
son (names Full Moon); Cecil A. Lyons (names
Real Article) vs. A. Zlgnero (names Gambit); D.
Delury (names TiUie R) vs. J. Button (names
Rector); F. P. Clark (names Sacramento Boy)
vs. . John Grace (names Barge); Peer Tiffany
(names Silver Heels) vs. L. Grimm (names
Mickey Free); R. K. Malcolm (names Royal
Archer) vs. H. A. Talbot (names Mount Rose).
Open stake, forty-eight entries — Preclta Maid
vs. Idaho Boy. Otto vs. Sempronius. Prairie
Maid vs. Reckless Acrobat. Fenli vs. Fonte
noy. Dorothy M ve. Glancing Pasha, Dear Gas
ton vs. Firm Fellow. Yankee Boy vs. Shadow,
General DeWet vs. Warco, Vina vs. Algy Mc-
Donald, Concord Boy vs. Sliver Cloud. Homer
Boy vs. Lulu Girl, Red Pepper vs. Cascade,
Tralec Boy vs." Little Jack, Frisky Barbara vs.
Red ¦ Rock. Lord Granard vs. Master Rocket,
Honest John vs. Don Pedro, Ruby Sankey vs.
Sea Lion; Rockefeller vs. St. Conn, Commercial
Traveler vs. Luxury, Pomona vs. Cosette, Rene
gade Apache vs. Bonnie Pasha. Belfast vs
Hedgewood. America vs. Remisso Animo. False
Alarm vs. Fair Oaks.
LOS ANGEIjES,' Sept. 16. — Twelve innings
of close, scrappy baseball. with • plenty ot
brilliant field work, good . pitching and a fist 1
fight thrown in. - held . the fans at Chutea' Paxk
MIX BASEBALL AND BOXING.
Terrific Batting Streak in the Sev
enth Spoils What Looks Like
Detroit Walkover.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
WASHINGTON, Seat. 1«.— After two men
were out in the second Inning Detroit sized
up Tees'.' delivery and scored 6 runs, . but
Washington 'developed a ferrlflc, batting, streak
In the seventh and won a game which seemed
hopelessly lost. Attendance. 0000. Score:
• . K. H. E.
"Washington .......'.. 10 14 , 3
Detroit. 8 11 2
Batteries — Tees and * Kittred?e; Donovan and
WASHINGTON WINS OUT
WHEN" GAME SEEMS LOST
2:20 class, trottlnjr, purse $2000, three In
five— Jay McGregor won the second, third and
fourth heats in 2:08%. 2:10%. 2:1HS; Klnney
Lou won the flrst heat In 2:00Vi>. Jdhn Taylor
Navidad and Kamares also started.
- 2:10 class, trotting, purse <10OO. two in three
— Alberto won two straight heats In 2-15U
2:13%. lllss Jeannette. Christine Belle Ton
ga. - Black Beauty. Kapolna. Claud V Crow-
Bhade.- Degola and The General also started
Tonga and Black Beauty divided fourth money'
; 2:09 class, trotting, purse $1000, two in three
—Caspian won two straight heats in 2-07?;
2:07%. Hawthorne. Max!n<\ Dulce Cor." Geonre
Muscovite, Alice Carr. Lord ¦ Vincent. ' ¦Went
wortb, The Roman and Idolata also started.
READVILLE.^Mass., Sept 16.—Favor
ites were defeated In all four events to
day- at the 'New England Breeders' meet
ing, the most noteworthy case being
Hawthorne's setback by Caspian in the
2:09 trot. Summary:
2:13 class, pacing, purse $1000; two In three
—Claymore won the second and third heats In
2:0774, 2:10^i: Centrlflc won the first heat In
2:09. Ecstatic. Hall B and Don Cozlne also
started.
Unexpected ., Happens in All Events
at New.England Breeders'. Meet.
FAVORITES MEET DEFEAT.
n. h.i e.
Portland .'. 10200000 0 — 3 « ' 2
Seattle. ....*... O 3 O O 3 O O O O — 09 2
Batteries— Shields and Shea; Hunhes and
Byers. Umpire— Levy. ,
PORTLAND, Sept. 16. — Seattle won to-day's
game from the Browns by* bunching hits on
Shields in the second and fifth innlnxs. Al
though Shields struck . out five men he was
batted freely and gave four passes to first.
Hughes Bitched cood ball and received ad
mirable support. Score: n '
Hughes Pitches Good Ball.
CTNTHIANA. Ky.. Sept. 16.— In the cast
of Curtis Jett. for the alleged assassination
of Town Marshal Cockrlll at Jackson. Ky.,
a Jury was Impaneled and sworn to-day.
. Middle distances — Adler, Stout. Premo. Mus
grove, Buchanan, Hartley, Walte. Howard,
Whitmore. Allen.
Hurdles — Meany. Matthueson, Crittenden
Frei. Smith. Hume,' Qullllan, Warren. Lynch. *
Long distances — Hackley, Bdwards, Tlbbetts
Telchert, Foster, Lyon, Colburn, Menzel
Fletcher. Cromwell, Barnes. Bryan, Coblentz
Kelsey, Rhodes, Jewell, Kelley, Clifford. Boyle'
Stewart. Olaen, Chan On, Mlshler. Baldwin'
Spalding. Stewart. Richart, Buftard. Sherman'
Evans, Boardman. Button. Barker, Blackman'
Ne.whall. Neighbor, Perrier, Slsson. Meals En
cell. Robinson, Moore.
/High Jump— HIckey, Abbott. Warren. Cooley
Weights— Snedigar, Stern, McKllllcan, Hall'
Schmidt, Graves.
Sprinta — Abadie. Jobnstone. Layne, I.lppman
SInshelmer. Campbell. Lillenthal. BlnKham
Einstein, Frickey, Kennay, Dickie, Jones
Bartlett. 3BHBH
BERKELEY. Sept. 16.— The enrollment
of track men began at the University of
California to-day and up to date the fol
lowing eighty-nine men have signed their
names to tha trainer's list:
University of California Track Men
> Who Will Be Prepared to En
ter Field Bays. -
EIGHTY-NTNE 'ATHLETES
SIGN TRAINING ROLL,
Berkeley Football Schedule. ,
BERKELEY, Sept. 16. — Manager Ezra
Decoto of the University of California
football team has arranged the following
schedule of games with the managers of
the other football teams:
Saturday, September 19, Oakland High School
vs. freehmen: Tuesday. September 22. Poly
technic vs. Freshmen: Thursday, September 24,
Berkeley High vs. freshmen; Saturday, Septem
ber 2fl, Reliance vs. varsity; Tuesday. Septem
ber 29. Lick vs. freshmen; Saturday, October 4,
Fort Baker or Goat Island team vs. freshmen;
Tuesday, October 6, University of Pacific vs.
freshmen; Thursday, October 8, Santa Clara vs.
freshmen : Saturday, October 10. Reliance vs.
vamity; Saturday, October 17, Stanford fresh
men vs. California freshmen; Saturday, Octo
ber 24, Chewawa Indians vs. varsity; Tuesday,
October 27, f98 and '99 team vs. varsity; Sat
urday. October 31. Multnomah Athletic Club
vh. varsity: Saturday, November 7. University
of Nevada vs. varsity; Saturday, November 14,
Stanford vs. California.
Sao Francisco — 1 Sacramento — V'i'
AB. R. H. P.A. AB. R. H. P.A.
Lynch, if 4 0 1 1 0 Casey,2b 4 2 2 3 4
Meany.rf 3 0 0 4 0 Hldbrd.lf 4 2 12 0
Irwln, 3b 2 0 0 1 2 M'L'ln.rf 4 3 2 2 0
Leahy, c. 4 0 0 3 3 Egan, ».. 4 2 13 '3
Pabst, lb 4 O O 11 0 Tnsnd.lb 5 1 3 13 O
KruK. cf. 2 OO2 O She'n, 3b 4 O O O 6
Delms,2b 3 1 1. 3 2 Doyle, s. B 1 4 3 0
Rymnd.s 3 1 12 4 Grham.c 4 0 1 1^0
O'Brl'n.p 3 0 0 0 2 Ftzgld, p 3 1 0 0^2
Totals. 28 2 3 27 13 Totals.37 12 14 27 15
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Sacramento 4 0 0 4 1 O 10 2—12
Bane hits 1 O O 4 2 O 2 1 4 — 14
San Francisco.... O OO 0 2 O o O'O — 2
Base hits 0 0003 0000—3
.SUMMARY. *
Stolen bases— Casey (2). Doyle (2), Hllde
brand. Errors — Invin. O'Brien. Raymond. Ca
sey. Home run — Raymond. Three-base hit —
Townsend. Two-base hits — Delmas, - Egan,
Doyle. SacrMee hits — Hildebrand. Sheehan.
Graham. First base on errors — Sacramento, 2.
Flret base on called balls — Off O'Brien. 4; off
Fitzgerald, 8. Left on bases — San Francisco,
'*: Sacramento, 4. Struck out— By O'Brien. 3.
Hit by pitcher — Krug. Double plays — Casey. to
Rgan to Townsend (2), Raymond to Pabst,
Sheehan to Casey to Townsend. Wild pitches —
Fitzgerald. Time of same — -1 hour and 60 min
utes. Umpire — McDonald.
Uncle Henry has just begun to unfold
his amateur baseball talent and expose
them to the gaze of the public. He had
young Mr. O'Brien go out Into the middle
of the lot yesterday at Recreation Park
and unwind what he had against the
Senators. The lad met -with disaster from,
the first inning, so Alike Fisher copped
out another easy victory. Score, Sacra
mento, 12; San Francisco, 2.
O'Biien was thrown down by the rest
of the team and got In wrong, otherwise
he might have gone the limit. The first
man who faced him, Casey, was given, a
chance on a bad error by Irwln. Then
Hildebrand bunted the bail and O'Brien
failed to pick it up In time to stop . the
runner. He then filled the sacks by Is
suing a pass to McLa.ugh.Iin.
Eagan hit to Raymond and he also
erred by throwing the ball away at the
plate and allowing Casey to score. Town
send responded with a punch to left field
and two more arrived. As the home field,
era were busy putting Sheehan out at
the first station Eagan made the trip,
giving* the Senators four to start with, a
safe little lead.
After that inning the young slabster
seemed to forget that his business was to
mystify the Senators' His backers sup
ported him well after the first inning, but
he never fooled the Senators so badly that
they could not make a run or two when
ever they wished. Twelve runs and four
teen hits tell the story of how Mr. O'Brien
was received.
Teeley Raymond saved the home team
from getting the white coating In ' the
sixth spasm. Delmas had led off with a
double and then the youngster swung on
one that looked good to him and sent it on
a speed trip over the right field fence.
Fitzgerald had the home sluggers un
der the spell of something in eve'ry round
but the ' sixth. He was tossing >the ball
oveo^the rubber until it seemed as big as
a balloon, but somehow they could never
do a thing to him. The score:- ' : f'f. "
(Pacific Coast League.)
W. L. Pet. W. L. Pet.
Lob Angeles.94 65 .«i32 Portland ...C5 78 .456
San Fran. ..85 70 Mi) Oakland ....70 92 AM
Sacramento.."! 73 .514 Seattle 61 81.422
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
BOSTON, Sept. 16.— Tho home team took
one of th«*heavle8t batting; fames of the year
from Cleveland to-day — 14 to 7. Attendance.
4900. Score:
Cleveland ....*.'.*.*". .*."!!!!!!!!!" 7 12 1
— Hughes, Gibson and Crirer; Kll
lian, Donohue, Bemls and Abbott.
NEW YORK. Sept. 16.— Chicaeo-New York
game postponed; rain.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
CINCINNATI, SeDt. 16.— Cincinnati won
from New York after the came seemed hope
lessly loet. Attendance. 1900. Scor?:
R. H. E.
Cincinnati 7 10 2
New ¦ York 6 10 1
Batteries— Ewing and Peitr; McGinnlty and
Warner. Umpire — O'Day.
PITTSBURG. Sept. 16.— Pittsburg slaught
ered Carney by hitting him hard in every
inning. PhlHlDpl would have met the same
fate had not his support been of a sensa
tional order. Wagner. Beaumont and Kruger
did treat work. Attendance. 1C0O. Score :
Pittsbur* & 2- E i
Boston A 8 3
Batteries^Phlllippi and Phelps; Carney and
Moran. Umpire — Hurst
CHICAGO, Sept. M.— The Chicago-Philadel
phia game postponed] wet grounds.
this afternoon for two hours and a half. Los
Angeles won in the twelfth, but it took the
hardest kind of work to do it. Score: Los
Angeles 0, Oakland 5^> •<
The game had been close all through. In
the last half of the ninth Dillon, who was on
the bench, sent Ross In to bat for Hurlburt.
The little left fielder drove a scorcher Into right
field for three bags. The decision at third was
close. While Lohman and other players ar-
R-ued with O'Connell Roes stood on the base.
Caster got the ball In the shuffle and. when
opportunity offered, gave Ross a push that
eent him off the base and then put the ball on
him. Hurlburt, who was coaching at third,
explained to O'Connell that Ross had been de
liberately pushed off the base.
In the melee about the umpire Baxter and
Hurlburt came to blows. Baxter made a dive
for Hurlburt's legs to throw him, but the big
catclfer got the "Moose's" head in chancery and
proceeded to uppercut him right merrily. It
¦required a half-dozen players to separate the
combatants. After things had quieted down
Newton, who took HaU'e place at bat. walked
and Hoy drove a bounder to Mosklman. The
r>octor threw wildly to the plate and Rosa
scored, tying the score. The line-up was
changed in the tenth. Hall and Hurlburt went
to the bench, Newton to the box. Spies be
hind the bat and Cravath on first. For three
Innings there was some brilliant ball. In the
twelfth Spies hit for two bases, went to third
on Cravath's out and scored on Corbett's
grounder through Devereaux. Score:
Los Angeles— | Oakland—
„¦ AB. U, H. P.A. AB, R. H. P.A.
Hoy.cf.. 5 12 2 OO'Hara.cfS 0 3 2 1
Whler,2b 5 10 5 *3 Mskmn.p 42 1 0 6
8mith.3b 5 10 7 8Devrx,s«. 5 12 12
Spies.c.lb 5 12 9 0 8cwtsc2b S 0 2 O 6
Crvt.lb.rf 5 0 14 0 Murdk.rf « 12 4 1
Corbtt,lf. 6 0 4 2 lJMssrly.lb" 4 O O 15 O
Toman.ss 3 0 0 3 7 Gorton.c. 5 0.0 7 1
Hrlbrt.c. 2 10 2 1 Krugr.lf. 5 11 6 0
Hall.p... 3 0 0 1 0Baxtr,3b 6 0 0 0 0
Ross.rf . .11210
Newtn.p. 1 0 0 0 1 Totals 44 5 11*35 17
Totals 41 6 11 36 16 -
•Two out when winning run made.
Ross batted for Hurlburt, and Xewton for
Hall, ¦ In ninth inmng.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Los Angeles 2 110000 0100 1 — 6
Base hits 2 1100101120 »— 10
Oakland 00200030000 0 — 3
Base hits 0 0301031001 1—10
SUMMARY.
Stolen bases— Cravath. Ross. Errors — To
roan (3), Baxter, Devereaux, Wheeler,
Schwartz. Smith. Gorton. Three-base hit —
Ross. Two-base hits — Hoy, O'Hara, Spies (2),
Cravath. Firot base on errors — 1<b Ann^lcs 2.
Oakland. S. First base on called balls^ — Off
Hall 2. oft Mosklman 4. off Newton 1. Struck
out— By Hall 2, by Mosklman 3, by Newton 2.
Left on bases— Los Angeles 6, Oakland 9. Sac
rifice hits— Spies, Cravath. Toman, Messerly,
Gorton. Double plays — Newton to Toman I to
Cravath: Murdock to Gorton, • Hits— Oft Hall
b. off Newton 2. Hit by pitcher— Hurlburt.
Devereaux. Time of game— 2 hours 35 min
utes. Umpire— O'Connell. • •
FIFTH RACE— Five and a half furionge;
two-year-olde; selling :
Hetting. Hor*e. V.'eisht. Jockey. 6t. «i Fin.
.-{ to I— H. Murphy, 102 (HlpginM 1115
}<*» to 1 — *=an Remo. 104 (Michael?) 2 2 2 2
VJ. tn 1 — Wistaria. 94 (Reed) 10 5 3 4
Time, 1:09. -Start poor. Won easily. Win
**r. J. t,. Holland's b. c. by Gray Frlars-
I.ittle Pearl, l'rino Vic 94. Gold Kpink 97,
Ar.irad fK>. Telephone 102. Agnes Brrnnan 104,
High Heels 00, Gunwad 94. Silver Days 110,
Mimon 94. Carmelite 303, also ran.
SIXTH RACE — One mile and seventy yards;
n-.&idens; three-year-olds and upward:
J'et:'.r.jf:. Horse, Weight. Jockey, ft. a; Fin.
4 to 1— Beverly, 109 (Gannon)... 9 6 1 n
T to I— Q. Elizabeth. 109 (MichlsJ^lt 12 4
7 to 1— Wmiamste&d. 112 (Fuller^ 2 3 2
Time, 1 :57. Start fair. Won drivinc. Win
ner. J. G. Alway's b. g. by Belvidere-Zara.
Lenarka 109. Pass Book 109. Guy Park 112.
Medal 109. Colcnel Rorer 109, pepper 109,
Ea.=t Ke'.yton 109. Cannonball 112, Dick Rob
erts 10;i. also raa, . -;
GRAVESEIfD ENTRIES.
SEW YORK. Sept. 16. — Gravesend entries:
First race, about six furlonps, eellinR—Meis
trrslnRer 101. Tipr>etoes 9S. Trespass 8S. King
Pepper 105. Nflthf-rone 103, Elsie L 100. Row
OS, Locket 0*5, Eva Russell 94, Monograph 108,
Ernest I'arham 101.
Second race, one and a sixteenth miles,
handicafj — Cauchnawajra 12<3. Young Hcnrj'
115. Himself 100, Carbuncle 104. Stroller 93,
April Showers 90, Responsive 86.
Third rare, about six furlongs. Parkville han
cicap— Pnot Gun 126. Addie Tunstall 110. Invin
rlble 110, Wild Thyme 110. Payne 110. Futurita
If*!, Illyria 9(>. Damon -fls. The Carmplite OS.
Black Hussar U~. Auriesville irj. Salvatella 100.
Fourth race, one and a sixteenth miles, sell
ing, tho Speculation — Thorneycroft US, Potente
P«. Embarrassment 92. Highlander 106, Carbun
tle 10.-?. Namator 107. Gold Bell 107. Datay Green
fi, E*herin 99. Wild Thyme 89. Rostand 103.
Ethics 106. M'Meckin 106.
Fifth race, about fIx furlongs, two ytar olds
handicap — AriJttocracy 126. Pulsvu 124, St Val
entine 112. Bans 107. Pirouette 100. Molinoi
J)9. Ed Tiemey US. Mapedo OS. Black Socks 95,
Ruby Ring 93, Flexion SO, Pompano 86.
Firth rare, one mile and seventy yards, 6ell
iny— Ftroller 104, Potente 98. Jake Land 103.
Fweet Alic* 97. Thcrneycroft 103, Past 9S,
OrUwaha 103. Ella Pnyder 03. Sentinel K0,
Stuvve 10S. Swamplandg 105. Flara 103, Early-
Eve 103. Silver Heels 98. Sedition 98, Gavl-
GRAVESEND SELECTIONS.
By the New York Telegraph.
First race— King Pepper, Eva Bus
sell, Boue.
Second rac« — Young Henry, April
ShoweT, Carbuncle.
Third race— Payne, Futurita, Shot
gun.
Fourth, race — Highlander, Wild
Thyme, Embarrassment.
Fifth race— St. Valentine, Molinos,
Iffadden entry.
Sixth, race 2 — Sweet Alice, Stuyve,
Potente.
UNCLE'S LATEST PITCHING WONDER FAILS
TO PUZZLE BATSMEN FROM SACRAMENTO
By the Chicago Inter Ocean.
First race — Lemco, Lady Joseyln,
Fair Lady Anna.
Second race — Indian H, Moranda,
Falella.
Third race — Sardine, Muresca, Bag
Tag.
Fourth race — Rockaway, Judge
Himes, Dr. Stephens.
Fifth race — Major Dixon, O'Hagen,
Lampoon.
Sixth race — Nannie Hodge, Aggie
Lewis, Cascine.
HAWTHORNE SELECTIONS.
Sixth race, five furlongs — Cascir.e 112, Nan
nie Hodpe 100. Aggie Lewis 100. Lolly Dailey
105, Katie Powers 102.
Fourth race, one mile, handicap — Judge
Ilimes 114. Dr Stephens 100. Brulare 10."
Ahola OH. Louisville 03, Luralighter 05, Rock
away 92.
Fifth race, one and an eighth miles,
selling— Barrack 107, Curate 102, Urchin 100
Ida V 100. Tufts 100. Leenja 100, Prince Blazes
1(K). Wins Dance 100. Marlon Lynch 05. O'Ha-
KPn 95, Queen Victoria 95. Major Dlxon 95,
Jchn Lemons 03, lampoon 91. Mezzo 61.
Third race, six furlongs, sellingr— Birch
Brorm IOT, The Kentucklan 103, Sardine 09
Duche?« Hanna 0*. Raff Tag 97. Banlolph 96
Tio?a OS. Mui-esca Dl. Bensonhurst 9.1.
CHICAGO. Sept. 1C— Hawthorne entries-
First race, one mile— Florence H 107, Lemco
10.. Banara Cream 107. Lady Jocelyn 10T Fair
Lady Anna 107. Emir 107.
Second race. Emerald Stakes, short course
steeplechase— Indian II 149, Falclla 143. Hand
Vice 129. Slap Dash 135. Moranda 143. Joe
M'Gee 134. (.Moranda and McGee, Carroll
en try-)
HAWTHORNE EltfTItlES.
UNIVERSAL, interest was shown
at Pythian Castle last night In
the draw for the annual Cali
fornia Coursing Committee
stake, which will be decided on
Sunday at Union Coursing Park. Twen
ty-four greyhounds are entered and leash
men concede that no stake of such qual
ity has ever before been arranged in
America. The members of the commit
tee had their pick of the greyhounds in
the various kennels, which accounts for
the class shown ill the entrv.
There will be special trains for the park
on Sunday at 10:15, 11, 12 and 1 o'clock.
As the meeting is under the jurisdiction
of the California Coursing Committee
SIXTH RACE— One mile- pur«e-
Betting. Horse. Wt'.ght, Jockey. St « Fin
•Jl t0 2 ~ L - Matchless. !)0 (Knapp). 4 3 1 n'
.. to 1 — IJprd Hums. 1«; (Adklns). 1 ° 2 3
• to 2— Fair Lady Anna. l*> (Kbns) 2 1 3 Hi
Time. 1:4G 2-5. start good. Won handily!
Vvinner. C. Heliebush's b. f. by Hanispringl
I n!ty CuMer. Lampoon f»0. Hudson 03 Frivol
100. Germany 90, alto ran.
FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs: selling-
Eettlng. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. « Fin
•» *o 1 — Automaton 110 (Oti!>) 1 3 1 li
0 10 1— Zyra. 03 (Wilson) 8 7 *» in,
12 to H— Quiz II. 112 (S. Bonne).. 7 2 3 J'.
r,-7 e> J, :18 ' Start ood - w <>n handily.
Winner, II. Herendeen & Co.'s b. h by Au
£T at ;Y? n rJ Iera ' Fleuro " 1W. Redan 1GS.
f^, e JJ 0 -. PlrBt « 8 Daughter D7, Evening Star
112. Charlie Gringrer 102, also ran
FOURTH RACE— Seven furlongs: sellinR:
Bettinu. Hor?»» Weight. Jockey. St. •% Fin
Vi to 1— Emma A M. 10tf (Wndrly) 1 10 1 nk
7 to 1— Antolee. loo <s. Banner).-. 4 5 2 2U
lo to 1— Moor, 10<J (Buchanan) 9 7 3 2
Time. 1:33. Start fair. Won driving. Win
ner. B. Butler's hr. f. by Hastings-Wood
Nymph. Dutch Carter 101 Custus 10S Ida
N 108. Star Cotton 1C«J. The Metecr KX3 Jauber;
109. Courage 100. War Cry 10S also 'ran
THIRD RACE— Mile and seventy yards; sell
inp:
Bcttinp. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. «; Fin.
C to 5— Ix>rd Melbourne, 101 (bli- \
phant) fi 1 In
¦>0 to 1— Christine A. 100 (Knapp). 2 2 2 S
It! to 5— Serge. 100 (H. Phillips).. 17 31
Time. 1:4a 4-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. S. S. Bender's b. g by Prince of
Monaco-Gondola. Airliprht 102 Mr Dinple 100
Safeguard l>7. Mansard 9H Mauser 94 also
ran.
SECOND RACK — Six Turlonss: purse:
Bettinsr. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. *i Fin.
7 to 1 — Srhwalbe, UC> (Buchanan) 3 1 1 >4
5 to 2— Hindus. 1(H (Adfclns) 1 2 2 3
11 to 5— Nannie Hodge. >S4 (Wilscn> 2 3 a 1
Time. 1:16 4-5. -Start pood. Won drivinp.
Winmr. J\ Scl.ricbers blk. f. by Sain-Gratl
tuJo. Father TaMc-nt 81. Orfeo 93, Guadii
quivcr 9M. also ran.
CHICAGO, Sept. 16.— Lord Melbourne,
backed nearlv off the boards, won his
fourth straight victory when he landed
the third event of the Hawthorne card.
However, he was out to tha last ounce
to beat Christine a neck and was stop
ping badly in th* closing strides. Lord
Melbourne ouened at 2 to 1 and was
steadily p!ayed down to 6 to 5 at post
time.
The tracl: was deep and holding to-day
and the weather cloudy and raining:, ma
terially affecting the attendance. Sum
mary :
FIP.ST P.ACE— Four and a half furlongs;
pur^c:
B<?ulr.t». Horss. Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
11 to h — Testimony. 1(5 (Hu^han'n) .1115
4 to 1 — Cyprlenne, 113 (Woiidcrly) 1 2 2 >*
3« to .">— Alina Oufour. 107 (Reiff). 7-3 3 n
Time. :5S 3-8. f-Jart eood. Won easily.
Winner. B. gchrciber's b f. by Sain-Pr;z<\
Annora J 1C5. Rod Bird 105. Vallarambla 100,
Kady Eclair 110. Miss Couj?hlln IOj. O>r the
Rhine 1 0T». Florence Fonsa 105. La Chaperone
1C5. Silver Spinner ICo. a!po ran.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
FOURTH RACE— One and a quieter miles;
handicap; all ago*:
IWtitiR. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. »i Fin.
4 to 5 — M. DaiEKerfield.l2C(Odom) 1 1 1 l'J
r. to 1 — Sheriff Bell, OS (Redfern) <J 2 2 h
10 to 1— Moon Daisy. 94 (Hieplns) 5 3 3 »i
Time. 2:U9 4-5. Start fair. Won easily.
Winner. W. B. Bleed's b. c. by Handspring-
Mondroit. Janeway W», Charaw-nd yi, War
i^nted 10C. Circus >M. Gold Hell 82. also rsjn.
THIRD RACE— Five and a half furlong*:
the Willow Flake? for fllliet: two-year-olds :
Betting, lloree. Weight. Jockey. St. a i Fin.
S to 1 — Marjoram, 10S (Buliman). 3 115
10 to 1 — Golden Dro:> 100 (Hick*). 1 2 2 S"
S to 1— Ocean Tide, 119 (O'Neill). 4 5 3 ? 4
Time, 1:09 1-5. Start fair. Won easily.
Winner. A. Helmont's ch. f. djp HaFtings-Lady
aiarian. Marmee 0:i. Graceful 107, Mimosa 107,
Audience U9. MonFoon 1)9, Dimple 99, Tur
quoise Blue 118. I-\ne Art 102, also ran.
SECOND RACE— About two and a half
rutle*; steeplechase for ihree-year-olus and up
ward:
J>tt!nsr. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. \ Fin.
! to 5 — Lavator. 163 (Mara) 1 1 1 30
!<• to 1 — Gassnr. 1M (Pending).... 2 2 2 'M
!."> to 1 — Gort«aralen. 153 (O'Brien) :; 3 X 2rt
Time, ,V23. Start fair. Wo 1 easi'.y.
Winner. J. W. Coifs ch. g. by Salvator-Hot
Springs. Cei'alahia 15S also ran.
The weather was rainy. Summary:
FIRST IIACE— About six furicnas; high
weight handicap; all aces:
Betting. Hor**. Weight. Jockey. St. *; Fin.
JO to J— Wealth, KO <Coburn) 3 1 1 1 »i
U to - — I3isrrta ]<>W (Gray) 7^2 "'-j
4 to 1— Slidir'l. 104 'Michaels) « J1J2'
Time, 1:13 2-5. Start poor. Won ridden
out. Winner. Albormarle Stable's b. m. by
Rainbow-Prosperity. Mary Street 114, Choate
IOt, Paul Clifford 112, .Demurrer 1SJ, Race
K.: _- vsi, also ran.
GRAVESEND RACETRACK. JC. Y..
Sept. 16.— Tbe field which took part in
the Willow stakes at Gravesend to-day
was hish class. The conditions required
such excellent youngsters as Turquoise
Blue and Ocean Tide to concede from
twenty to twenty-live pounds to Audience
and Dimple, both of which had run well,
especially the Jast named. Marjoram's
post position was number one. and, with
Hullxnan up, it was conceded that this
would enhance her chances very decid
edly. Hardly had the barrier been re
leastd v.hcn it was plain that Marjoram
had all her speed and. with Buliman sit
ting well up, the flying filly opened up a
gap of daylight which was hailed with
delight by her backers. At no time did
It appear as if she were stopping and the
daughter of Hastings won very easily.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Hawthorne Crowd Backs Him
Heavily ancUBarely
Cashes.
Place. *
Heavily Weighted Ocean
Tide Races into Third
Buliman Pilots "Winner
of Willow Stakes at
Gravesend.
Fourth Straight Victory
for the Consistent
Colt. . .
MARJORAM LEADS
FROM THE START
LORD MELBOURNE
AGAIN IN FRONT
MANILA. Sept. 18. — The Filipinos are about
to petition Congress tor an Increased rep
resentation upon the Civil Service Commission.
Dancing brought th© evening's festivi
ties to a pleasant close. Captain F. J.
Grimley was floor manager and had the
assistance of Lieutenant G. M. Sears,
Sergeant H. Spring, Corporal "William J.
Brann, Corporal F. Sears, Corporal D.
CConnell, Private W. Clancy, Private M.
Frary. Private L. Kalthoff and Private J.
Byrne.
and Song.
Company, E, League of the Cross
Cadets, held Its ninth annual entertain
ment and dance at Flndlay Hall last
night. The affair was largely attended
and the following programme was excep
tionally well rendered:
Selections, orchestra: remarks. Major Georg»
S. Welch: eonff. Miss May Korn: tenor solo, J.
H. O'Brien; instrumental selections, MJas V.
Fernandez. Miss J. Fernandez and F. Kern;
popular songs. Will Crowley; "Tips From the
Ghetto," Private Lew Kalthoff, accompanied
by Mli>s Laura Goetzel; solo. Miss J. Fernan
dez: »one Thomas Curley: musical selection*.
Raymond and Williams: schtop and swhil. "Full
of Fissures." Private "Walter Clancy. Thomas
Burns: presentation of medal to Private Fred.
McKnlsht.
League of the Cross Cadets Give
Fine Programme- of Music
ENTEETAINMENT A2TD DANCE
PROVES GBEAT SUCCESS
Lowell: 50 yards — Schwartz. Sullivan ant
O'Nell; 1C0 yards — i-chwartz and Sullivan; --">
yards — Wiley and O'Neil; 440 yards — Cor
coran and Schweitzer; 880 yards — I-ewis and
De Mamlel; one mile — Ue Mamie! and Maun
drell; two miles — Maundrell and Meyer: 1211
yard hurdles — Kohlbers. Hamilton and Hlrscli
nian; 220-yard hurdles— Hamilton. Kohlbersr
and Hlrschman: high jump — Williams. Lewis
and Grimm: broad Jump— Corcoran. Williams
and Grimm; shot put — Williams and Hamil
ton; pole vault — Grimm.
Lick: 5O yards — Cope. Stewart and Naylor:
I0O yards — Cope and Beck; 223 "yards — Cecit
and Black: 440 yards — Dodsorr an<J 'Johns; 8-SO
yards— Dodson and Jones; one mile — Gibson;
two miles — Gibson- 120-yard hurdles — Stcne:
SKO-yard hurdles — Stone; pole vault — Hotch
kls«. Moullen and Dcane; high jump — Mager
stadt and Anderson; broad Jump— MaserstaJt
and Anderson; shot put — Magerntadt and Moul
len; hammer throw — Moullen smd Black.
Polytechnic: One mile — K. Savage and L,
Dale; two miles — II. McKenzie: broad jump —
J. Garit>aldl and L. Moyer: high Jump — J.
Garibaldi: 440 yards — E. ¦ "Kloppenberg; 120
yard hurdles — KloppenberK: 10O yards — O.
Dowdell; 5O yards — O. Dowdell; 8S0 yards — F.
Corccran; 220 yards — J. Garibaldi; pole vault —
L. Moyer.
Mission: 50 yards — Mason: 220-yard hur
dles — Mason; hammer throw — Mason.
Cogswell: B0 yards — Walter Josephson: -TV)
yards — Walter Josephson; broad Jump — Wal
ter Josephson; high Jump— Roy Munden; polo
vaulf^-YValter Kant.
The young athletes of ti.e high schools
of this city will meet in their annual field
day on Saturday at Berkeley oval. Low
ell High School has always held the
league championship, but this year both
LJck and Polytechnic will place strong
teams in the field. John Elliott will ref
eree the games. The other officials will
be: Starter, Powell: timers, Messrs.
Koch, Tompkins and Meany; judges of
finish. Messrs. Young. Smith and James;
field judges, Messrs. Yost, Smith, Bonner
and LJdga; clerk of the course, Montgom
ery; assistant, Badt.
The various schools will be represented
by the following athletes:
Interesting Races Expected When
Lick and Polytechnic Meet the
Lowell Representatives.
HIGH SCHOOL ATHLETES
IN AN3STJAL COMPETITION
Millett was an easy-going, good-natured
amateur until he wer.t to Honolulu a
year ago. Up to that time It was difficult
to get him to train. When his lot was
cast among strangers he settled down to
work and was always in good condition.
He won several of his fights ao quickly
that the spectators raised a cry of "f-jul."
Ruhlin weighs about 190 pounds. Mil
lett weighed 1S2 pounds yesterday. Befora
the match was made Greggalns tried out
Millett. He first knocked out P. Marino
and then stopped a sailor in half a round
who thought he was a second Sharkey.
The match was made yesterday by
Alex Greggains of the San Francisco
Athletic Club. The men are to meet in
this city on October 23. Ruhlin, whoso
latest ring engagement «vas a six-round
bout with Kid Carter in Philadelphia, will
come West at once.
The man frcm Ohio whom Jeffries made
quit In five rounda on November 15, 1301,
in this city, has agreed to tight Joe Mil
lett, who Is just blossoming out as a pro
fessional.
Big Gus Ruhlin, who had aspirations
at one time to wear the heavy-weight box-
Ing championship crown, has decided to
try for teome of the lessor honors or tfio
Tins.
Oalifornian Is Tried Out and
Shows Marked Improve
ment in Form.
Heavy-weights Matched
by San Francisco
Club.
BOXER MILIETT
TO MEET RUHLIN
REMARKABLE GREYHOUNDS ENTERED
FOR COURSING COMMITTEE STAKE
GOOD RIDE WINS
FOR TABY TOSA
Palo Alto, Pocatelli, Beacon, Black Coon, Lord Brazen,
Rubber Ankles, Sacramento Boy, Silver Heels, Barge
and Other Noted Sprinters to Meet at Union Park
Game Galloper Beats
Little Scout in a
Drive.
Races at Delmar Are Con
tested in a Sea of
Mud.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ST. LOUIS, Sept. 16.-Taby Tosa won
the fourth and feature event at Delmar
Park this afternoon after a furious drive
through the stretch with Little Scout, the
odds-on favorite. Sheehan gave the fa
vorite a bad ride and Taby Tosa won only
because Boyd kept him straight. The
track was a sea of mud, the weather
cloudy and the attendance onlv fair.
Summary:
FIRST RACE — Six furlong*:, gelling::
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *; Fin.
7 to 1— Jean Gravter, 100 (Caivit) 4 3 11
10 to 1— H. Griffith. 100 (Gulletl). 3 2 2 4
6 to 1 — Model Monrch, 1C6 (Castro 14 3 2
Time, l:22'/6. Start good. Wen easily. Win
ner. J. McDowell's blk. c. by George Klnney-
Hilda III. Stub 103. Crime 103. Varna Fonso
98. Feronia 100, Goudy 95, A Truant 05, also
ran. . v
SECOND RACE — Five and a half furlongs;
selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. «i Fin.
4 to 1— Spencerian, 95 (Shea) 2 1 1 h
7 to 1— Mendon. N 100 (MUler) 1 2 2 l'A.
18 to 5 — Cardona. 108 (Castro) 3 3 3 10*
Time. 1:1«. Start bad. Won easily. Winner.
Mrs. H. Dernham's b. f. by Free Knight-
Sarah Davis. Haven Run 106, Tiomaine 03.
Wootsy Winierd 100, Henry Luehrman Jr. 100.
also ran.
THIRD RACE— One and an eighth miles,
selling:
Bettir.g. Horse. Weicht. Jockey. St. »: Fin.
14 to o — Neversuch, OS (Shea) 6 2 11';
8 to 1 — The Bobby. 103 KSayers).. 1 3 2 1
6 to 1— Lynch, !)S (Perkins) 5 13 20
Time, 2:00ii. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, J. K. Hughes' ch c. by Mlrthful-Cly
mena. Kentucky Cardinal 104. Eliza Dillon
100, Peter Dtiryea 101. Doraml 108, also ran.
FOURTH RACE— One and a sixteenth
miles, purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. %. Fin
6 to 1— Taby Tc-a. 102 fBoyd)'... 2 2 1 n
1 to 2— Little Scout, 110 (Sheehan) 1 3 2 10
10 to 1— Mallory. 100 (Hayes) 3 1 3 n
Time. 1 :J»7H. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner. S B. Burnett's gr. g. by Le Premier-
Grey Bess. Flintlock 102 also ran.
FIFTH RACE^ — One mile purse-
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. ?i Fin
4 to 5— Ftand Pat. 95 (Austin)... 1 1 1 2
10 to 1— Golden Glittr. 105 (Weber) 3 S •> "0
8 to 5— Bchodale. 108 (Castro)... 2 2 3
Time, 1:51 U- Start good. Won easily Win
ner, Hayes & Jackson's b. jr. by Luke Elacli
burn-Vertlgo. Watertower 108 left at the post
SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs, gelling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. HI Fin
7 to 1— Bluegrass Girl. 93 (George) 3 3 12
9 to 2— Requisition. 101 (Austin). 6 4 •» 1
13 to 5— Sid Sliver. 103 layers)... 1 1 5 5
_ Time. 1 :22. Start good. Won easily. Winner
Mi«'on 1 ?,M th i < Sr T-, f - h Z Bermuda-Nannie U.
also r ' Klnsr Rose 106 > Detest 100,
DELXIAB ENTRIES.
ST. LOLIS, Sept. 16.— Delmar entries:
i«* I 1 , race> slx rurion S». Purse — Princess Me
105. Laly Esher 105. D'Arcy 100. Georjria Day
105, Escanaba 1C0. Ultra Vires 100. After the
Ball 105, La Honda 105, Duke Dashaway 100
Behoove 105.
Second race, six and a half furlongs, sell
ing—Ruth L. 101. Catherine Knox 107. Mao
Miller 107, Evening News 101, Stlnsr 10°
Eleanor Howard 102. Donna Bella 107 Mathllde
96, Leila May !»6. Whiten 101, Wllhelmlna 06]
I^a Rouge 107, Lou l>ach 101. Wineland 107.
Third race, one mile, selling, two year olds
and UD— Don O"Hl£h S7. Athena 82. Orleans
110, Falkland S3, Town Moor 80, Leech 85.
Macbeth 115. Dottio Shute 106.
Fourth race, one mile, selling 1 . September
stake, *1000. three year olds and up — Miss
Mae Day 105, Jordan 107, XV. B. Gates IOC.
Fifth race, five and a half furlonjrs. purse —
Matt Wadleljth 07. Busier ICO. Wenrick 105
Walnut Hill 105, Black.07, Atlas 102.
' Sixth race, one and a sixteenth miles. sell-
Ing: — Pay the Fiddler lOfl. Class Leader 100.
Goo Goo 98. Bohul 113. 'Whitmore 101. Chlck
asha 100, Baronet 110, I>ona Minor 110. He
glra 01, El Caney f>0 f Pmnch 108, Russellton
100, Eucenia S 101. Peat 108.
DELMAR SELECTIONS,
By the New York Telegraph.
First race — I*ady Esher, Ultra
Vires, Behoove.
'Second race — Eleanor Howard, Lou
Beach, Sting.
Third race — Leech, Orleans,
Athena. •
Fourth race — Jordan, Miss Mae
Day, W. B. Gates.
Fifth race — Walnut Hill, Black,
Wenrick.
Sixth race—Eugenia S, Peat, Whit
more. /
Will Not Prosecute.
Charles E>. Allman, belonging 'to a
wealthy family In Oakland and who was
arrested on Monday by Detective Whlt
aker, was released from custody yester
day afternoon. He had been treading the
primrose . path and passing valueless
checks upon saloonkeepers and others,
but none of his alleged victims will prose*
cute him.
MANILAXfeest. 16. — On» hundred cases of
bubonic plague are reported In Tondo, the
most northern and populous suburban dis
trict of this city. Of these eighty have bad
fatal termination.
SPORTS OF THE RUNNING TURF, THE COURSING SWARD AND THE RING
I THJS SAiS OAJNUISUU CALL, TH.UKSVAY, SKJFTEMBER 17, 1903.
8
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
* Is Not a SKin Disease.
Most people hare an idea that rheumatism is contracted like a cold, that the
damp, chilly air penetrates the muscles and joints and causes the terrible aches
and pains, or that it is something like a 6kin disease to be rubbed away with lini-
ment or drawn out with plasters; but Rhuematism originates in the blood and is
caused by Urea, or Uric Add, an irritating,_ corroding poison that settles in mus-
cles, joints and nerves, producing inflammation and soreness and the sharp, cutting
pains peculiar to this distressing disease. . • * ;j
Tposnrc to bad weather or sudden au 4 BowlinR Green, Ky.
-t."itlt^f *\,m hnAtr «n"i1 ristfon un at. About a^earago I wan attacked by acute
chilling of the body wiU nasien Ml at- rheumati8m i n mjt shoulders, arms and
tack of Rheumatism after the blood and lega below tbe knee. I could not raise my
svstem are in the ricrkt condition for it arm to comb my hair. Doctors prescribed
tJdevelop, bat haveWhing to do with' f£K&1!^r !Sw n IS.l?a^fia
the real true causes of Rheumatism, and decided to try it. Immediately I com-
which are internal and not external. menced its use I felt better, and remarked
T:-;^.iZf« a «ter« »nA rnhMmr to mother that I was elad I had at last found
Liniments,- plasters end rubbing , ome relief. I continued its use and am
will sometimes reduce trie Innamma- entirely well. I will always feel deeply
tion and swelling and ease the pain for interested in the success of S. S. S. sine©
the trouble. S. S. S. cures Rheumatism because it attacks it in the blood, and
the Uric Add poison is neutralized, the sluggish cir-
d^^^k f&m££ ff^S, culation stimulated and quickened, and soon the sys-
fl^^« C^^Z* \W^* tem is purified and cleansed, the aching muscles and
!^^^ joints are relieved of all irritating matter and a lasting
C^^f i^*^r cure of this most painful disease effected.
S. Sj S. is a harmless vegetable remedy,- unequalled
as a blood purifier and an inTigorating, pleasant tonic Book on Rheumatism will
be mailed fre«. i^-^r<zl THE SWIFT SPECIFIC GO,, ATLANTA, GA$
A T) VTTR.TTgTrifT!TTTg-
00900000©00««9©OCOO©0©000000000000000000«0000
!ARE YOU THE MAN :
| YOU OUGHT TO BE?|
• Ap&You as Strong as You Look? Or Have You Weak Nerves, •
0 Failing or Lost Vital Power, Waste of Strength, Varlcoccle, Poor o
• Memory, Dull and Stupid Feelings, Lost Ambition, Weak Back*
J and General Breaking Down of Your Ma'nly Powers?
0 Have you doctored without beneht? Is your#
A F*^^uL ¦ ' ~ * '? stomach ruined from drugs and your money ©
X /L, |M| wa.-?t*<i? Are you tired of trying U3ctess reroe- 0
2? f».^WE|B dii^s? Then come to m<-. I hav» a positive an. I q
® *»**m^t^JglMk - Dr.McLauihlin's Electric Belt 8
Q y5^S^s^^^/^®2«3§Xtij| You put it on wlien you got to b<-ri anrl *to^p ©
A i^-^Sll^'' * ' j^UBeS£3 peacefully under th<» influence of its warming, Q
J; ©|^ — ¦*Hy^p*^« ->JvB5l5wSl vitalizing r^ wf r. You awake full of ambition. g>
• £iSy | •YffififiS wl t Q » healthy desire to tackle your ilay'-iji
iAwSm I JgfcSffifl work. Each ilay you eain rpw life fr^m It. anil 2
® fcS^Sjnv. # "TOmvKSi soon begin to feel yourself a man amem; men. 9
9 E^^M^* P /vTftrtV?" Each symptom of your trouble gradually Jm- Q
A ESJifltts'Y 1? / t>*«b31 appears. Mtrmsth taXea tho plate of wcakr.c;;-, A
a ttirt VS Jl\ -fl& /*» «9l 1 ¥£| and > our llfp ls m;lll(1 ha r>Py by the restoration q
fc Bra ft J^Hf^'/^^/; > 'T^atlfj'J£o» wi of your ol<i hoalth ani1 viscr. *r
• P^^^rVVU'^ /^Mh!S4M V " aI Ucakncss and Kld "cy TroubJc. S
S 1 *^^ DR - MCLAUGHLIN— Dear Sir": I commenced a
<a 'BBSB^M- ]*^T Kmfi.ir^UluSff^a using your Belt a month aso to-day hM I hav«.S
• nothinK but words of praise for tbe manner in**
O Tr^^^SS^SLnUt^^y^^gtfSaFy which it has benefited m<\ I f. H tM k.khI *>f- O
O TPwHT^Jwc^S^Sr^IL wtVfiazM' feets tho nr>t nis;ht I wor» it and it lx h«-lpini; •
® %Mg^fy^>v^//VWC^r^^^ii8^SSf me rlcht alone. 1 have to work j-rotty tiani. 0
O |\\\xjr but I feel stronger and better than I have f or
© W J JJ i VI v^er years. If any one had told me that It were^
. yf-fl I \\ * possible for me to be so jrreatly benefltsd Jnone J?
• J IJ I \\ month's time I could not have b*li<;ve(l them. O
O ' /"Ui I * YOU SHOULD TRY IT. •
S Call and see what a fine piece of m-chanl.;tn It i». and what powsr It has. If you «»
g can't call, send for my book about It; tree if ytro s-nd thla ad. «
I Dr. M. C. McLaughlin, 00^^ 8
• \ Office Hours^ — 8 a. m. to S p. m. : Sunday — 10 to 1. •
O000O0»©e09«0C0©000©©C00O©OO00090«C0C«5SOa0ddColorado's Heavy Snowfall.
Marriage Licenses.
OAKLAND. Sept. 18.— The following
marriage licenses were Issued by the
County Clerk to-day: Harold O. Myers,
SI, Cincinnati, and Carrie Deasy, 20, San
Francisco: Earl A. Rice, 23, East Du
fcuque. 111., and Myrtle Purvlance, 13.
Lovelock. Nov.; Charles T. Ferris. 23. and
Nellie Enrllsh, 20. both of Oakland;
Thomas Glover, 28, and Sadie I* Wise, 32,
both of Ban Francisco; Peter J. Fay, over
2L San Francisco, and Charlotte F. Reed,
over «. Oakland; Morris C. Kyhle, 34.
Haywards. and Jennie Curtis, 32. Fruit
vale: Antone N. Thomas. 28, Byron, and
Louisa Plnhero, 16, Haywards.
Running. 8.11 ages, five furlongs — G. A. D.
iron. Rosebud second. Ad nor third.' Time
l:10H. Adnor came under the wire flm, but
on accccr.t ul Interference was Bet back to
third place.
. Running, four-year-olda and upward, six fur
longs — Marengo won. Esperando second, ilon
tape third. Time, 1:16.
Pacing, 2:11 clae*, purse $2000— Durfee'g Zo
loc-k wen. Sam Bowers second. Martha B third.
Bert time. 2:11%.
SAXrEM, Or., Sept 16.— A summary of
to-day's races follows: . \> ".
Pacing. 2:17 class; Greater Saletn Stake.
pur»e $2000— Reta H won, OIHe M second.
County Attorney third. Time. 2:14. 2:1* u,
2:12.
Results of Salem Races.
When the gale struck the steamer at 1
o'clock this morning the passengers were
panic-stricken. They rushed half-clothed,
weeping, praying and screaming from
their Btaterboms in an effort to reach the
decks and to obtain seats In the boats.
Every door and window was closely fas
tened, the hatches battened and orders
issued that no one save the crew be al
lowed upon the decks already waist deep
In a seethlne mass of water.
According to the report of the passen
gers the force of stokers refused to work.
Captain Tapley drew a revolver and,
pointing It at the men, ordered them back
to work. They obeyed, j At the time of
the mutiny the ship was In only sixteen
fathoms of water, and drifting: nearer
shore. The report of the mutiny cannot
be confirmed from the ship's officers. ¦ Six
teen passengers,' it is said, were more or
less seriously injured.
NORFOLK, Va., Sept. 16.— The Old Do
minion liner Princess Anne. Captain Tap
ley, from New York for Norfolk, with a
passenger list ot 100, steamed slowly into
this harbor to-night with her cargo badly
listed, ten hours behind time.
Captain With Drawn Revolver Com
pels Them to Work.
STEAMSHIP STOKERS MTJTINY.
Justice X.oranger of Montreal Ren
ders Decision of Importance to
United States Government.
MONTREAL., Sept. 16.— Justice Loran
ger decided" to-day that the Canadian Pa
cific Railroad must return the Chinese
who weri> refused entry Into the United
States and who applied for a writ of
habeas corpus. They will be taken to
Vancouver and thence to China. " "
The foregoing , decision Is of great im
portance to tha United States Govern
ment. Had the Chinese in question ob
tained their release on the habeas corpus
proceedings instituted -in Montreal the
Treasury. Department would have or
dered all ports on the Canadian boundary
closed aealnst the entry of Chinese.
CANADIAN PACIFIC MUST
RETURN REJECTED CHINESE
Hon. Spencer' Lyttelton of London, a
nephew of the late William -E. Gladstone,
whose secretary he was for twenty-three
years, with the exception of a short
period when he was assistant secretary to
Earl Granville, arrived from England yes
terday, en route to New Zealand, and is
registered at the Palace Hotel. The gen
tleman passed through San Francisco
twenty years ago with Arthur Balfour,
the Dresent Premier of Great Britain,
and is therefore not unacquainted with the
country, and during an interivew last
evening he said he was greatly surprised
with the remarkable growth- of the west
ern section of the United States.
Mr. Lyttelton declined to discuss British
politics In any way. remarking that he
Is traveling now as a private citizen and
Is not deeply Interested In the political slt
uallon in his own country. Referring to
the late William E. Gladstone, be said
that the memoirs, on which John Morley
is at present at work, will soon be ready
for issuance, and he added:
"Mr. Morley's task has been a hard
one, a fact which can be readily appre
ciated when one considers that ho had to
review sixty years of the active political
Ufa of the dead "Premier and read over
sixty thousand letters."
Mr. Lyttelton, besides the secretaryships
which he held for so many years, served
In numerous other official capacities, be
ing tor a long time a member of the
executive committee of the Royal College
of Music He is a great admirer of art
generally and has also gained considerable
distinction as an athlete. For his service
to the Prime Minister of England he re
ceived a special decoration.. He is going
to New Zealand on private business and
pleasure.'".
Hon. Spencer Lyttelton, Former Sec
retary to Dead Premier of Great
Britain, Visits City.
IS NEPHEW OP LATE
WILLIAM E. GLAIK3TONE
LOS ANGELES. Sept. 16.— Throughout
Southern California the Spanish-speaking
population to-day celebrated the an
niversary of the Declaration of Mexican
Independence. In the country districts
barbecues, Mexican sports and races and
patriotic exercises marked the holiday
and in this city the Junta Patriotica de
Juarez, a Mexican society that has been
organized since 1SC2, celebrated at Chutes
Park and the Cura Hidalgo Club held ex
ercises in Sonoratown.
The officers of the Mexican Benevolent
Society are: President. Arturo T. Mayer;
vice-presidente, J. E. Montijo; secretario
en finanza, Juan D. Canelo; secretario de
actas. Agatou Castro; tescorero. Dolores
P. Narraez.
Reading iVclaration of Independence, Agaton
Castro: recitation. Senorita Carillo; oration In
Spanish. P. Juarez; recitation. Miss Laura
Chaboya; cration (English), M. E. Griffith;
national hymn by Misses Henrequetta Gon
zalez, Martha Herrera. Rafaela Herrera, Laura
Padia and Laura Chaboya and chorus of fifty
girls; ••America": tableau; grand ball after
exercises until 4 a. m. Chairman of commit
tee of arrangements, D. P. Xarvaez.
An imirtense crowd gathered at Turn
Verein Hall this evening to Join in the
celebration. An address of welcome was
delivered by Arthur Mayer, the president
6f the society The rest of the pro
gramme was as follows:
SAN JOSE, Sept lS.-The local Mexican
colony celebrated the ninety-third anni
versary of the independence of Mexico
to-day and this evening. The celebration,
which opened at sunrise with a gun
ealute and ended with a dance this even
ing, was under the auspices of the Mexi
can Benevolent Society of this city.
A ealute of twenty-one guns and the
raising of the Mexican flag, with band
playing, took place at Bunrise. This af
ternoon a reception by the Benevolent
Society members was held at Turn Vereln
Hail.
Celebrate the Anniversary.
DAY DTJXY OBSERVED.
Mexican Colonies Throughout State
A valuable bit of information Is given
on the quoted excess of imports over ex
ports, which has so often been held a
sign of British trade decline. The blue
book says that while the excess yearly
averages about $800,000,000, the income re
ceivable from foreign investments, calcu
lated at $312,500,000, added to the earnings
of the British merchant fleet engaged In
foreign trade, calculated at $450,000,000, "is
probably more than sufficient to account
for the average excess of Imports."
The proportion of the United Kingdom
exports, as between protected and unpro
tected countries, in the markets of the
world has been reversed since 1850. Then
it was 56 per cent to the protected coun
tries and 44 per cent to the others. In 1903
the proportion was 42 per cent to the pro
tected countries and 58 per cent to the
others.
LONDON, Sept. 16.— On the heels of Bal
four's academic expression of his persona!
views of the fiscal problem, contained In
the pamphlet on "Insular Free Trade, '
advance sheet3 of ¦which were Issued last
night, came the long promised and much
demanded Government statistics dealing
with that subject. They were issued to
day by the Board of Trade in the shape
of a bi*f book of nearly 500 pages of be
wildering tables of figures showing . the
various aspects of British and foreign
trade and the industrial conditions. No
deductions were drawn, though the pub
lication teems with interesting notes upon
what are regarded as points of fact. The
references to foreign trade were chiefly
confined to France, Germany and the
United States.
One of the most Important phases dealt
with in the! blue book are imports and ex
ports. The tables show that exports from
the United Kingdom to the United States
declined from $143,000,000 in 1S90 to $97,500,
000 In 1902, while the Imports rose from
$385,000,000 to $635,000,000. The total exports
to all foreign countries declined In the
same period $30,000,000, though when the
colonies are included the decline amounts
to only $5,000,000.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 16.— A gang of
rradcrs at work on what will ultimately
be a broad driveway to the ocean, known
as Sunset boulevard, unearthed to-day
more than a peck cf coins. They were
using a plow and following it with a
fcraper, when the plow struck a pocket
IB the earth containing the coins. '
There was e rush by the score or more
Of men in the gang to get all of it they
could reach. Several fights resulted, but
within a minute all of the supposed rich
find had been gathered up, some cf the
men having their hats full of it. Henry
Klages, on whose land the men were
working, was attracted by the noise and
v.hcn shown some of the coins he dashed
the hopes of the men to the ground by
declaring all of them counterfeit. All
of the coins were then placed in a pile
end a clcse examination of them made.
There were several quarts of them in |1,
15 and 110 pieces. In size they were slight
ly smaller than the genuine, but this
Olfft-rence would be made up in the oper
ation of plating them with gold or silver,
and such was evidently the purpose of
the men who made them.
Klapes took possession of the find and
turned it over to the United States au
thorities. He has -owned the property
eleven years and about nine years ago
leased it to a party of Italians, who lived
there a year or more, when they were
caught in the act of making counterfeit
money and arrested. This was the noto
rious Trigaani pang, four members of
which were sentenced to San Quentin for
eight years. The sentwices were only re
cently completed and It is known that
members of the gang returned to this
part of the State.
During the past few months this city
has been the scene of operations of a
panp of counterfeiters and although the
secret service officials have been work
ing hard on the cases they have as yet
made no arrests. The bogus coins which
have been passed here, when compared
¦with those found to-day, were found to
be Identical. It is therefore believed
that the peck or more of counterfeit coins
unearthed to-day was but one of several
caches of the old Trigannl gang and that
some of the members of that gang or
other persons informed by them have re
turned to this part of the State and are
using the "money" made several years
'ago.
Special Dispatch to The Call
BELIEVES IN" TBUSTEES.
George H. Mastick read the following
communication from F. W. Van Sicklen,
We are met here .to consider the all-Im
portant matter of the railroad franchises. I
do not believe In speaklne harshly of those
•who are opposing the Southern Pacific. They
have a right to take the stand they believe
to be proper. They have a right to submit
petitions and urge the City Trustees to do
what they— the petitioners — believe would be
the best for themselves and their home. "Wn
believe differently from some of them, whose
announced course we fear would bring disas
trous results to the city, and we have a ri£ht
to eay so. That Is what we are here for to
night. All who want to express themselves
will be given an opportunity to do so.
Major Charles L. Tilden, the first speak
er, said In part:
I believe that every man here has upper
most In his heart the welfare of Alameda. I
think that this gathering Is thoroughly repre
sentative cf Alameda; that it is conservative
and that It does not believe in running after
Don Quixote windmills, for many years in
this State the railroad has abused its power
and there has grown up a feeling antagonistic
to it That - feeling, however, should be
curbed. If we now have the power ; we should
use it rightly and not abuse It. I know that
the agitation and mixing of the situation has
caused some men doing business on Park
street to say and do things which in their se
rious moments they would not have done. The
railroad company has done things. at the West
End that were not conducive to the produc
tion of harmony. What we are seeking now
Is the greatest good to the greatest number.
We cannot swim to Ban Francisco. The South
ern Pacific has always done business with us
and Is prepared to continue. Now Ib our time
to do business with the company. We cannot
ro back to the days of oxcarts and rowboats.
There Is only. one transportation company that
we can do business with and that is the South
ern Pacific. <WMf
J. B. Vosburgh acted as temporary
chairman of the mass meeting. George
H. Payne, nominated by C. C. Valberg,
was chosen permanent chairman; William
Baeher. vice president, and Frank E.
Browning secretary.
In his introductory remarks Chairman
Payne said:
DISASTROUS RESULTS.
Resolved. That we, the citizens of Alameda.
In mass meeting; assembled, do hereby urge
the municipal Trustees to grant to the South
ern Pacific Company auch f ranch If e» as will
insure a continuance of the ferry facilities
which we now enjoy and on ¦ the beet terms
which the board is able to exact; and we urge
upon them the importance cf early action, as
• very day's delay only adds to the doubt and
to the Injury of the town.
Resolved. That the citizens of Alameda re-
Iterate their faith In the members of the
municipal board, and urge them to a speedy
•settlement cf this matter, assuring them or
the support and of the defense. If needs be, of
the great majority of residents, taxpayers and
voters of the city in the legitimate uiscnargw
of their duty.
ALAMEDA, Sept 15.— Upward of
700 representative citizens crowd
ed into old Library Hall to-night
to hear the railroad franchise sit
uation discussed. It was the
largest and most important public gath
ering of residents since the railroad agi
tation began three months ago. Resolu
tions urging the City Trustees to grant to
the Southern Pacific Company on the best
terms such franchises as will insure a
continuance of the ferry and train service
which Alameda now enjoys and asserting
confidence In the municipal
were adopted. It Is eet forth in the pre
amble to the resolutions that Alameda
owes its present high rank as a resident
place to Its splendid double ferry system
connecting with San Francisco and that
the future of the city depends upon the
constant maintenance of these transporta
tion facilities; that Alameda must look to
the Southern Pacific Company to supply
these facilities and that an assurance
that such traveling conveniences will be
permanent Is the best guarantee that Ala
meda could obtain of progress and pros
perity. Here are the resolutions:
Other speakers were G. R. Renner,
George H. Mastick, A. P. Lorentzen, A.
G. Bell and B. K. Funke.
E. \V. Maslln facetiously suggested that
the Board of Trade be tendered a vote
of thanks for its incendiary meeting Fri
day night, which Maslin said brought out
true conservative and law abiding Ala
medans a3 nothing else would. Alex R.
Baum.G. H. Mastick and R. Brent Mitch
ell drafted the resolutions, which were
adopted.
Instrumental in arranging to-nlghfB
meeting were Dr. G. R. Reynolds. T. G.
Daniells, Dr. E. M. Keys. F. W. Van
Slcklen, J. B. Vosburgh, F. Boehmer. Jo
seph Knowland. .Henry Michaels, C. C.
Volberg, J. E. Baker and D. W. Martin.
R. Brent Mitchell said:
We have come 1 here not for the purpose ot
tarring or feathering the City Trustees or to
Indorse any sentiment that would lead to such
doings. We are here to evince our support
of them and ask them to give the franchises
to the Southern Pacific on the best possible
terms. Let us leave the disposition of the
franchises to the City Trustees.
who was one of the signers of the call
for the mass meeting:
An unfortunate accident prevents my attend
ing- your meeting this evening. I ¦ am on
crutches and imagine I feel like our mts-
Kuided friends. "Scarcely a leg to stand on."
At this time and In this manner I am not
Inclined to give my views on the franchise,
but I do not want to lose this opportunity to
declare that I am positive that only a v£ry
limited number of our citizens desire to In
dorse the sentiment expressed by our so-called
Board of Trade. '"Tar and feathers," "Hemp"
and "Branding" are words foreign to the com
munity and should -not be tolerated. I don't
consider It my privilege to advise or suggest
to our municipal board what they should or
should not do; but I do consider it an op
portunity at this critical time to assure them
that I have the same confidence In their In
tegrity and ability to guard our city's interest
that I had when I cast my vote for their
election. I believe they merit our support and
will not be Influenced by cowardly threats or
doubtful praise, •' and after they have given
this auestlan full consideration their matured
judgment will dictate a franchise fair and ac
ceptable to both city and railroads and end
this unfortunate and unnecessary wrangle
among ourselves, when we can be as one to
convince homescekers that Alameda has now,
as she always has had, the best transporta
tion facilities, the best schools, and is the best
governed and most healthful suburb of San
Francisco. ¦ - . r;-p
The British Government
Uses Figures in Urg
ing a Change.
Laborers Fight for What
Proves to Be Bogus
Money.
About eight years ago. the alleged
widow says, she met Charles Hill at
Forty-mile Station. Alaska. Shortly aft
erward a civil contract of marriaga mada
them one. Mrs. Hill was the only woman
In that part of the Klondike at the time,
and was seeking gold like the men. One
day In '96 Mrs. Hill went boating. She
was going to take a matter of two days*
Jaunt on the river. She dropped her
scarf near the station, out, unmindful of
the loss, paddled on. "An Indian found the
scarf floating on the river and. with the
sagacity of his race, concluded that sh«
was drowned. So he told Hill about It
and Hill, accepting: the mute evidence of
his wife's death, departed for the States
to become the Charles Hill, or "Salem
Charles," of will contest fame.
Back of the charge on which Mrs. Hill
was arrested last night Is another woman.
Attorney Mos3 says that Mrs. Hill of
fered this woman $1000 to testify for her.
Again and again the woman refused the
importunities of the alleged Hill widow,
it is claimed, until finally her solicitations
for perjured testimony became so, obnox
ious that tho woman, whose name is with
held, told the District Attorney all
about It.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 16.— Another al
leged widow of Charles Hill, alias Salem
Charles, that mysterious old man who
died here about a year ago leaving $112,000
in a box In a security deposit company's
vaults, has come to grief.
"Mrs. Laura Hill," who came out of
Alaska not long ago proclaiming herself
to be the genuine widow of "Charles
Hill," was arrested to-night en a felony
charge and locked in the City Jail in de
fault of $2500 ball. The complaint against
Mrs. Hill ¦was sworn to by Leon F. Moss,
attorney for the Salem Charles claimants,
and alleges an attempt to bribe a wit
ness.
Before the week is out there will be two
more felony charges for Mrs. Hill to an
swer. One will be for perjury, the other
for manufacturing bogns documents. Re
garding the perjury charge Mo3s said it
will arise from alleged misrepresentations
made by Mrs. Hill in the deposition which
she made to the District Attorney yester
day.
Special Dispatch to The Ca.I.
WOMAN SPENDS
NIGHT IN JAIL
SAN RAFAEL, Sept. 16.— A fierce for
est fire Is reported raging near Whites
Hill, about six miles from San Rafael.
Latest reports say flames are threatening
to destroy valuable property on the- Mal
liass tract and if it spreads Is liable to de
stroy property on the North Shore Rail
road. Property owners have employes
fighting the progress of the conflagration
and this evening the railroad compaii'
brought fifty men from the northern sec
tion to look out for their Interests.
The flames are- extending along the
county road and have burned portions of
the fences. Constable Louis Hughes *nd
Thomas Day, a druggist of this city, had
a narrow escape from being seriously
burned while passing the nre-lnfested re
gion. Hughes and Day left early in the
afternoon for a ranch several miles north
of here. On their return they noticed the
smoke ahead, but thought It did not ex
tend to the county road and if so they
could pass easily. "When describing the
grade on this side of Whites Hill they
perceived the flames in front of them and
discovered they were hemmed in. The
flames were leaping out into the road.
Placing the buggy robe up as a shield,
they made a dash through the fire. When
Just In the fiercest part their team balked.
Hughes finally succeeded In getting tha
animals started again and reaching a
place of safety. The team was scorched,
but the two men were not badly burned.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
There was also an address at the Pa
vilion by Mayor Schmitz and a vocal and
i musical programme which will be remem
bered for its originality and excellence.
| One feature was the singing of the Mexl
i can National Hymn, the first stanza ren
¦ dered by Mrs. Herlinda Baez, the second
stanza by Miss Eug-enie Herrera, the
t.iird by C. F. Jimenez and the fourth by
I Miss Edna Adams, the ensemble being
j taken up by a chorus which filled every
\ portion of the big platform. Ellen Cour
| sen-Roeckel conducted the singing of the
'¦ hymn. Little Mis? Lillia.i Rossback gave
a sprightly idea of a French dance and
Master Peplto Ferrar.do sang from Mas
cagni's "Cavalleria." The entertainment
; concluded with a grand ball, which was
kept up until an early hour this morning:
VARIOUS COMMITTEES.
The following were the officers In
charge of the celebration entertainment
i at the Pavilion:
Officers — H. B. Da Silva, chairman; F. n.
Olnj-do. vice chairman; A. de la Torre Jr.,
secretary; T. Calderon. treasurer.
Executive committee — Gustave Levy, E. F.
Robles. Alexander Rojo. E. Vacft, A. U. Tread
well, C. F. Jimenez, Jchn Rivas.
Floor manager — H. Eca de Silva.
Floor committee — Isaac Carcass. Gregorlo
Martinez, Frank Ortega. M. Lacarra, E. Cas
ta^netto. Juan Anino.
Honorary reception committee — A. de la
Torre Jr., chairman; Hon. H. H. North, Hon.
H. B. Tread well, Hon. G. E. Channlng, Dr. L.
Rivas, Thomas M. Crawford. Edward Snook.
John J. Krelss, Dr. F. Martinez, Fernando Lo
eira. Theodore Lunstedt.
The committees having; charge of the
entertainment at Saratoga Hall were:
Committee on arrangements — Cresendo San
chez. Zacaria« Ynda. Slmcn Mendez, Teodoro
barab'.a. Antonio CaEillas, Felipe Castillo.
Reception — Manuel Teller 611, Joee de la
Fuente, Alfredo Westphal. Jose Jasen, Simon
Mendez, Francisco Olave, Francisco G. Lopez,
Pedro Padllla.
Dancing— Emilio Chardwiek. Carlos Mersich.
Manuel EsquerTO. Federico Glllesple, Teodoro
Zaragoza, Jose Bernal.
Junta patriotica — A. Montero, president; J.
Padllla, vice president; F. Olave, secretary; A.
Gonzales. treasurer.
Vocalists — Felipe Castillo, Antonio Casillas,
T. Zarabia. 6 Inda, Jose Bernal, Jose B. Cas
tro. E. Alcarae. F. Carranza, C. Ochoa, Simon
ilendez, Cresenclo Sanchez.
MAYOR SCHMITZ SPEAKS.
At the Mechanics' Pavilion and at Sar
atoga Hall the reading c* the Declaration
of Independence of Mexico was accom
plished amid enthusiasm. At the former
A. tie la Torre Jr. performed the proud
office of reading the precious document in
Spanish, while at the latter the same duty
fell to St. Francisco Olave. The oration
in English was given to the Zaragoza
Club by Bert Schlesir.ger, and Senator E.
K. Taylor performed a eimilar office in
the presence cf the Junta Patriotica.
The attendance at both places was large
and the programmes were profuse with
martial music and songs of Mexico and
flags bcth of the United States and Mex
ico hung and waved side by side or were
held aloft as the "Stars and Stripes" and
the Mexican National Hymn were sung
in turn.
The Consul General paid official visits
both to the gathering of the Junta Patri
ctica at Saratoga Hall and the Zaragoza
Club, which celebrated at the Mechanics'
Pavilion.
With fervent sentiments of thankful
ness for Mexico's liberty and rousing
words in praise of deeds well done by pa
triots and especially glowing for Hidalgo,
and with expressions of loyalty to Diaz,
Rafael Zavas Enriquez, the Mexican Con
sul General in San Francisco, stirred the
sentiment of his compatriots resident In
this city last night.
The occasion was, of course, the cele
bration of the ninety-third anniversary
cf the independence of Mexico, the decla
ration of which v.-as first told to the pop
ulace at 11 o'clock on the night of Sep
tember 15, 1S10.
I. W. Hellman Jr.. speaking for his
father yesterday, said that he was not
aware that the former had any Interest
in the Xorthern California undertaking.
He, however, admitted that he had known
for some months that Captain Rosa was
planning a number of electric railways
north of San Francisco, with a steamer
connection on the bay, by which freight
can be landed in this city. He had heard
that Ross had in view as his bay terminal
a point of land near Vallejo Junction.
Several months ago, when the Hunt-
Ington-Hellman syndicate was warring
with the Southern Pacific Company in
Southern California over their respective
lines, Henry E. Huntington came to this
city and, calling on President Harriman
of the Southern Pacific Company, 5 In
formed that gentleman that if he per
sisted in interfering with the electric road
system in Southern California the Hunt
ington-Hellman syndicate would -Invade
Northern California with a similar sys
tem of roads and fight the Southern Pa
cific to a finish. N
Later it was reported that Harriman
and Huntington had patched up their dif
ferences in the south, but there are many
who are inclined to believe that If a
treaty of peace was really signed Hunt
ington did not Include in it a promise to
stay out of Northern California If condi
tions warranted the introduction of elec
tric roads for freight traffic there. "With
the construction of a few hundred miles
Of electric road Huntington could soon
make connection with the lines In which
he has already secured an Interest and
possibly controls, and in a very short
time effect a gigantic system that -would
prove a most formidable competitor to
the steam roads through the valley sec
tions of the State.
EVIDENTLY NO TRUCE.
Although Captain Ross* plans and his
movements for several months h:ive been
known to a number of men In this city
and the interior he has discreetly kept
as a secret one of the most important
things in connection with his scheme,
namely, who is behind it in a financial
way. It is well know;* in Los Angeles
that Captain Ross enjoys to a great ex
tent the confidence of Henry E. Hunting
ton, and this, together with the fact that
the latter gentleman already owns or
holds large interests in a number of elec
tric roads in Northern California and is
deeply interested in the moro modern
method of transportation, as has been
evidenced by the work he has done In
the south, gives rise to the suspicion that
the multi-millionaire is backing Ross' en
terprise. Such being the case it is nat
ural that those who have been watching
Ross would imagine that Banker Hell
man Is also in the scheme.
In many cases the proposed lines have
been made to parallel the present steam
roads, a fact which has suggested that
the plan Is to operate if necessary
through the very same territory from
which the Southern" Pacific Company is
deriving the major part of it3 local reve
nue. Captain Ross has spent many weeks
in San Francisco during the. past year,
devbtingr his attention to the "work of his
surveyors and particularly to the men
working between Sacramento and Stock
ton and this city. His plans are said to
include a scheme for a bay terminus
somewhere near Vallejo Junction, to
which pqlnt freight destined for this city
can be transferred to boats and brought
here at a more reasonable rate than the
producers can expect to obtain from the
steam roads.
A gigantic project, involving the Invest
ment of many millions of dollars, promis
ing much In the way of development of
the varied interests of Central and North
ern California and in which it Is strongly
suspected that Henry E. Huntlngton and
his railroad associates have a hand, is
now under way and may be made public
at any time. ',»"
It is a plan to connect the numerous
cities and towns north of San Francisco
by electric railroads, covering the upper
portion of. the State in a manner s^nilar
to that in Southern California, and ope
rating these roads in connection with a
steamer line on the bay by which passen
ger and freight traffic can be extended to
this city.
It has been learned that several survey
ing parties have been working at different
"points above San Francisco for a number
of months under the direction of Captain
Ross and his son of Los -Angeles. These
parties have carefully surveyed the Sac
ramento Valley and portions of the fer
tile sections of the State, traversed by the
California Northwestern road.
PARALLEL STEAM ROADS.
GRADERS FIND
PECK OF COINS
Superintendent Babcock said that the
damage done would not be as great as
was first supposed. New instruments
have been installed and the system is
again In working order.
The ir.oet likely 'manner in which the van
dal* of last night succeeded in switching our
current was by means of formlr.g an attach
ment between our wires and some others out-
Fide of the system. A wire might easily hare
been attached to the trolley wire or the rail
road circuit and the other end dropped over
our lines, thus switching the current and ruln
lnr our instrument*. The vandals after leav-
Ing the current en as long as they wanted
had only to remove the connecting wire and
th» equilibrium of the fire alarm circuit would
again be restored.
Superintendent Babcock, with the aid of
the police, is- now conducting a rigorous
investigation and hopes soon to have the
guilty parties under arrest. If caught
the miscreants will probably be severely
dealt with, as the crippling o«: the system
rendered useless every f.re alarm cignal
box in the city east of Webster street and
loft the city in great danger from confla-
Superintendent' Babcock, in discussing
ihe matter to-day, said:
That the crippling of the «yEtprn yesterday
¦aenuns was xto* work cf vandals I am fully
• onvmred. because if it had been an accident
th*re would have l*»vn a rrpttition iast night.
f we were foul of an arc electrical circuit
¦when the lights were started last night we
would fcave been in trouble CRa:n.
I have gone over the entire East Oakland
pyMem three times and have been unable to
nod a tingle thing wronc with wire?. Two
bores were burned completely out and cni
1 a!f of the instruments -rendered useless.
TCverythixp: <"art of Webster street was thrown
out of order, leaving that portion of the city
«ntlre!y without fire or police protection.
Had there been anything wrong with out
v.ires the search we have made would have
revealed it Then, again, to show that It was
the work of \anials. we have the fact that
to-day agoin the pystem is in perfect order
with the exception of the damage dor.e to the
instrument? when the current was switched.
The fire alarm wires are the upper wires on
the poles alcr.sr the putter and It would be im
possible for a broken arc or electric railroad
wire to fa'.l across them. Had our wires
l.roken and fallen across the others, the break
» ould have been found, and necessarily would
have hed to be repaired before the" system
could be rut in working 1 order again. • Xo
breaks were found however.
Oakland Offlce San Francisco Call,
111S BroaJway, Sept. 16.
The serious crippling of the tire alarm
system and police telephones in this city
yesterday morning: ¦was not. as was at
first supposed, due to a cross with live
wires. From the investigation conducted
by Superintendent of Fire Alarm and Po
lice Telegraph George R. Babcock It has
been proven conclusively to that official's
satisfaction to have been the work of
vandals.
Fervid Speech and Hymns of
the Nation Stir Vast
Gatherings.
San Rafael Men Have a
Thrilling Experience in
Dash Through Blaze.
Investigation Fail3 to Dis
cover Any Breaks in
City Wires.
Surveyors at Work Parallel
ing the Steam Roads of
Harriman. *
Syndicate of Hunting
ton-Hellman May Open
Competition.
Mexico's Independence
Day Observed With
Enthusiasm.
North Shore Employes
Sent to Fight the
Flames.
Miscreants Did Work,
Says Superintendent
Babcock.
ELECTRIC LINES
IN THE INTERIOR
FIRE THREATENS
MARIN PROPERTY
VANDALS WRECK
ALARM SYSTEM
PATRIOTS GLORY
IN CELEBRATION
THE SAN FB AN CISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 17, 1903.
Mass Meeting Adopts Resolutions That Privileges That
Will Insure to the City Facilities Enjoyed at Present
Should Be Given to the Company Without Delay
ALAMEDA CITIZENS URGE TRUSTEES
TO GRANT FRANCHISES TO RAILROAD
Tom Hing. a Chinese^ employed at the
Palace Hotel at night in cleaning the in
terior of the establishment, fell through
a small elevator shaft In the grillroom
shortly after 1 o'clock. this morning, strik
ing the basement floor and fracturing one
of his ankles.
Palls Down Elevator Shaft.
W. A. Scanlon, a middle-aged man, triea
to end his life by inhaling Illuminating
gas at 204 Ellis street yesterday morning.
He attached a rubber tube to the gas
burner and put the other end in his
mouth. Other lodgers discovered him and
had him conveyed to the Central Emer
gency Hospital, where Dr. 'Stone suc
ceeded in resuscitating him, , . - ¦ ,
Tried to End His Life.
NEW YORK, Sept. 16.— From San Fran
cisco—Miss M. ' Bennett, at the Kensing
ton; E.K. Chapman, at the Hoffman;
G. Graham, at the Sinclair; "VV. Irwin and
wife, at the Kensington: H. Johnson and
wife," at the Vendome: J. Hopper, ; at the
St. Denis: B.G. Husk, at the Murray
Hill; J. Baer and wife and the Misses
Baer, at . the Herald Square.
From Berkeley— F." Goodaell, at the
Park 'Avenue, - — — ~^,
Calif ornians \ in New York.
. ELDORA, Colo., Sept. 16.— It has been
snowing hero since Sunday night and a
number of mountain trails and gulches
are almost impassable. In Berthoud Pass
there is over two and a half feet of snow.
The heavy fall at this time or the year
Is very uncommon.
PROMINENT CITIZENS OF ALA
MEDA WHO WERE AMONG THE
SPEAKERS AT MASS MEETING.
STATISTICS SHOW
TARIFF BENEFITS
9
Recollections
and
Reflections
Of the
Bonanza - ¦¦«»•
who »nt a
Girdle of ffold
Around the world.
Hy Thomas Fitch,
Tbe Sllrer-tonsraed Orator,
Begrlns In
Xi-it Snndaj'i Call.
. ADVZBTISE3CEXTS.
™ Fibroid Tumors Cured™
Note the result of Mrs.
Pinkham's advice and medicine.
" Some time Ago I wrote to you de-
scribing my symptoms and asked your
advice. You replied, and I followed
all your directions carefully, and to-
day I am a well woman.
" The use of Lydia E. Pinkham's
"Vegetable Compound entirely ex-
pelled the tumor and strengthened
my whole system. I can walk mile*
now. -
•*:Lydia E. Pinkham's -Yeg©-
table Compound is worth fire dol-
lars a drop. I advise all women wh*
are afflicted with tumors or female
trouble of any kind to give it a faithful
trial."— (Signed) Mia. E. P. Hayis,
252 Dudley St., (Roxbury) Boston.
Mass. SSOOO forfeit If original of above /#ff <r,
proving genuineness cannot be produced.
Mountains of gold could not
purchase such testimony— or
take the place of the health
and happiness which Lydia K.
Pinkham's Vegetable Compound
brought to Mrs. Hayes.
Such testimony should bo accepted
by all women as convincing evidence
that L.ydiaE. Pinkham*s Vege-
table Compound stands without!
Ser as a remedy for all tho dist resj»-
g ills of women ; all orarian troubles :
tumors ; inflammations ; ulceration,
falling and di*p'~ cement of the womb ;
backacho ; Irregular, suppressed or
painful menstruation. Surely th«
volume and character of the testimo-
nial letters vre are dally printing in
the newspapers can leave no room for
doubt in the minds of fair peoyla.BRITISH TRAMP THAT "IS
MORE THAN TWO WEEKS
OVERDUE.
TO SAIL.
FROM SEATTLE.
\. Steamer. " , For... .. , Sails.
Nome City..-.. Nome ................ Sept. 20
Portland...... Nome'*: St. Michael.. Sept. 2(1
Cottage City. . Ekagvay & Way . Ports Sept. 20
Humboldt Skagway & Way Ports. Sept. 21
Dlrizo. Skagway & Way Ports. Sept. 21
Valencia.. >... Nome ..•..;......¦.•.¦. .. Sept. < 23
City Seattle... Skagway & Way Ports. Sept.' 20
Al-KI.. ¦..-."..: Skagway & Way Ports. Sept. 26
City Topeka.. Skagway & Way Ports. Sept. 28
Roanoke". ¦...-.. Nome& St.' Michael... Sept. 28
Farallon Skagway & Way Ports. ) Sept. 28
United States . Coast <* and Geodetic Survey —
Time . and Heights- of High and Low
Waters at Fort- Point, entrance to Saa
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority cf" the Superintendent.^
NOTE — The high - and low waters occur at
' the city j front (Mission-street -wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height of
tide is the same at 'both places. -.
; .' . THURSDAY. SEPTEMBER 17. "
Sun ¦ rises ¦ .'. '.-.;?• ..'..". ..;.".. '.'. .". .'..'. ...... .5 : 52
Sun sets .1 ..... ........¦...; .'...... . . .6:10
Moon rises ......1:11 a. m.
a ¦ Time - • Time : 'Time -.- Time
»• — — Ft. Ft. I Ft. Ft.
*- Iic\V .. . H W |Ii.W -'..¦'- H W ¦¦'-
17 1:"54 - 0.1 8:57-4.8 2:06 2.4 8:12 5.4
18 2:45 : 0.0 -9:40 .5.1 3:00 ' 2.0 9:15 6.S
19, 3:32 -0.010:20 ,5.4 3:51 ,1.5 10:14 ; S.7
20 4:21 .O.2 10:5S 5.6 4:41 1.0 11:08 . 5.0
2115:04 0.5 11:35)7 5.7 5:29 0.7 ..... .....
H,W r L W H W LW :•:•.•.-.
22 0:00 5.5 5:45 '0.8 12:12 '5.7 6:17 0.5
23 0:55 ' 5.3 6:26 '¦ 1.2 12:52 "5.7 .7:04 . O.t
NOTE— In the ¦ above exposition of : the tides
Sun,; Moon and -Tide.
The time ' ball 'on . the ' Ferry • building: wae
dropped exactly at noon to-dajc^/e.. at noon
of. the 120th meridian -or at 8 pTrn.7 Greenwich
time... J. C. BURNETT.
Lieutenant,' U. 8: N.. in charge.
Time Ball.
Branch. Hydrographlo Office. V. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange. : San • Francisco, Cal.,
September 16. . • - • ' "• • .
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday, September 16.
Etmr Redondo, - Krog, 35 hours from San
Pedro.
Btmr Bonlta. Alberts, 60 hours from Ban
Pedro.
Stmr Chas Nelson, Anderson, 80 hours from
Tacoma: bound for Redondo; put In. .to land
passengers.
Btmr Brooklyn, Hlggins, 40 hours from Re
dondo.
Stmr Alcazar, Martin, 13 hours from Green
wood. «
Stmr City of Sydney. . McLean, 21 days from
Panama, via Manzanillo 5>4 days.
Btmr Newsboy, Adler, 16 hours from Men
doclno.
Etmr Montara, Reilly, 22 hours from Port
Harford.
Btmr Slmal.*" nendertrd. 3 days from As
toria: bound to Redondo; put in for fuel -
gtmr St Paul. Undquist, 15 days from St
Michael, via Nome . 14 days, . via - Seattle - T2
hours.
Stmr I.akme . Glllespea, -102 hours from Port
Hadlock. •, • . ; . -
Stmr Alliance.. Hardwick. 6 days from Port
land, via Eureka 24 hours.
Br rtmr Wellington, McKeller, 79 hours from
Ladysmith. . ,. - : •
Br stmr Vermont. . llaynes, 22 days from
Moji. •
Bark Agate, Bergman. 21 days from Nitsha-
Captain Brown's Bail Reduced.
United States Court Commissioner Hea
cock yesterday reduced the bail bond of
Captain James Brown of the treasure
hunting gchooner Hermann to J1500 and
pet the examination for September 26. It
Ib reported that the complaining witness.
K. Korashino. the Japanese steward of
the vessel, could not he found and would
not appear to prosecute.
Peter Rowan, a laborer employed . by . :
the Pacific . Gas and Improvement '< Cony
pany, residing at 2249 Lombard street, met
his death yesterday afternoon at the com- :
pany's gas works at the foot of FUlmore
street by falling from a staging a distance
of twenty feet. The man was removed
to the Emergency Hospital* in: the ambu
lance, where Dr. Stone pronounced his In
jury to be a fracture, of the base of the
skull. He expired within ten .minutes
after, he reached the hospital. Rowan was
a single man. and had been In ,the,em
ploy of the company for a number of
years. . '">-•• ¦ j
the early morning tides are given In the- left
hand column . and the successive tides of < the
day in the order, of occurrence aa to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide I of the !
day, except when there are but three tides.', as 1
sometimes occurs. The heights given are In '¦
addition to the soundings of the United States |
Coast Survey charts, except when the ' number !
given > Is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference Is the mean
of the lower low waters.* ~ ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦— -i
Laborer Killed by a Fall.
Paul Palles, a dispatcher of trains at
the Southern Pacific' Company's depot at
Sixth and Townsend streets, was caught
between a switch engine and a trafn of
freight cars yesterday and had his right
leg crushed in the collision. He was tak
en to the company's hospital at-Four
teenth and Mission streets, where the
limb was amputated between the knee
and ankle. Palles resides with his fam
ily at 449 Fourth street and has been em
ployed in the company's service for a
number of years. In addition to his du
ties as a freight dispatcher he j occupied
tho position of a train Inspector.
Caught Between Engine and Cars.
The Supreme Court decided yesterday
that F. F. Young and Erallla G. Webber
•vrere the rightful owners of forty acres
*Tf land oa the southwest corner of San
Francisco, extending along the ocean
beach. C. A. Hooper and T. M. Osmond
claimed the property by virtue of a pat
ont Issued to them in January, 1SS1. Their
opponents held a similar patent dated
February, 1S74. The decision of the lower
court in this case was reversed and the
cause remanded.
Secure Valuable Beal Estate.
The barkentin* Coronado sailed yesterday for
Honolulu with an assorted merchandise. cargo
valued at $34,004. and including the following:
JW) bbls flour. f>054 , ctls barley, I<!9 ctls corn,
8745 lbs meal. 0338 lbs brans. 60.875 lbs bran,
10.429 Ib« middlings. Ift52 bales hay. 8 ctls
oats, 10 ctls wheat. 9CS pals vinegar, CO casks
beer, C10. gals 35- cs wine, 2480 lbs lard, 117
pkgs salt salmon, 1773 lbs peas, .1068 lbs 2 cs
bread. 359 cs canned goods. 31 pkgs groceries
and provisions. 1100 gals 134 drums dustlllate,
2O pkg-s paper. 12 pkira agricultural imple
ments. 403 bxs ,soap. ,426 cs 23 bbls oil. - 62
likes dry goods/- 110 tons fertilizer. 70 pkgs
rope. 120 bdta shooks, ' 1840 gals gasoline 13
bbte tar. 79 pkgs paints. 9 eg arms and ammu
nition. 808 kess powder, 10 pkga nails, 2 bbla
spirits.
A Cargo for Honolulu.
The- British ehip Matterhorn was cleared yes
terday for Antwerp. Belgium, with 64, 0t9 ctls
barley, valued at $6S.O0O. and 20.000 feet of
lumber as dunnase. valued at $.100.
Barley for Belgium.
NEWS OF THE. OCEAN.
¦ Steamer. Destination. ¦ f Sails. Pier.
September 17.
San Pedro.. Los Angeles Ports. 4 pm Pier 2
Alliance.... Eureka & Coos B.. .. Pier 16
State of Cal. San Diego & Way. » am Pier lu
Sonoma Sydney & W. Pts.. 2 pm Pier 7
September 18.
Samoa..... I-«os Ang-eles Ports. 10 am Pier 2
Centralia... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier lo
Phoenix.... Mendocino City.... 1 pm Pier 13
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
Bonlta Newport Way Pts. 9 am Pier 1»
Centennial.. Seattle & Tacoma . 5 pm Pier' 2
September UK
A nro. Eel River Ports . . . | 4 pm Pier 2
Rival Willapa Harbor... I 4 pm Pier a
Chico Coqullle River ... 6 pm Pier 2
Pomona.... Humboldt . ........ |1:GO p Pier «
Pt Arena.. Point Arena ...*... I 4 pm Pier a
Kcrth Fork. Humboldt 5 pm Pier 2
H K Maru China & Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
Colon N. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
September 2O. | .
Arcata Coos B.&Pt. OrfordilO am Pier IS
S. Rosa.... San Diego & Way.| 0 am Pier 19
Columbia .. Astoria & PortlandlU am Pier 24
Marlposa. . . Tahiti Direct 11 am Pier 7
September 21.
Olympic... Whatcom and. Fair 4 pm Fler 2
laqua Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
S. Barbara. Seattle & Olympla. 4 pm Pier a
Eureka Humboldt .'...112 m Pier 13
Chine Wo.. China. and Japan .( 2 pm Tier —
September 22. | I
Corona Humboldt 11:30 pi Pier 9
Coos Bay... San Pedro & Way.l 9 am Pier 19
September 23.
Umatilla... Puget Sound Ports. Ill am Pier 9
' ' . September 24. I .
Luxor Hamburg &' Way. . .2 pm Pier 27
S. Portland Astoria. & Portland 4 pm Pier 2
Newburg . . Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
September 25. -
Minnetonka New York direct.. Pier 23
Chehalis... Grays Harbor 3 pm Pier 2
G. Llndauer Grays Harbor...... 4 pm|Pier 10
G. W. Elder Astoria <& Portland. 11 amlPler 24
- September 20.
City Sydney N. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
Alameda... Honolulu 11 am Pier 7
J. Dollar... Seattle. & Tacoma..' 10 am Pier 2
.. September 28.
Queen...... puget Sound Ports. |H am|I'ier 0
The British tramp steamship Vermont ar
rived here yesterday, 22 days from Mojl. She
brought 4950 tors of coal. .
British Tramp Arrives.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's liner So
noma will sail at 2 p. m. to-day for Honolulu
and the Antipodes. She will carry a full
complement of passengers, 'Including a number
of prominent colonials.
Sonoma Sails To-Day.
P. L. Link, a confectioner at San Ra
fael, also filed a petition in insolvency.
He owes $2335 and has $155 assets.
J. D. Fleming filed a petition in insol
vency yesterday in the United States Dis
trict Court. He alleges that on February
32 of this year he purchased the half in
terest of B. F. Sndl in the dry goods
firm of Snell & Fleming in Nevada City
and that a month later the business was
attached by creditors of the partnership.
He alleges further that Snell has refused
to join with him in the petition and he
asks that Snell be forced into involuntary
bankruptcy as a member of the debtor
tirm. The liabilities are $5704 and the
asstts $3140.
Petitions in Insolvency.
A meeting of the executive committee
to make* a national park of Mount Ta
raalpais was held yeJtirday at the Cali
fornia Club. "William ?Cent of San Ra
fael presided with the following members
in attendance: President Benjamin Ide
Wheeler, John Boyd, Shatter . Howard,
Professor Dudley, James P. Booth, Mr.
Coffin. Miss Mary E. Parsons, Miss Cath
erine Hittell, Miss Eastwood, Mrs. Olney,
Mrs. Lovell White and Mrs. Judge A. R.
Cotton. Chairman Kent outlined the
work of acquiring the 12,000 acres neces
sary for the park and at Tils suggestion
a committee was chosen to ascertain the
value of the land. A letter from Shafter
Howard was read offering to contribute
land. The following permanent officers
were chosen: William Thomas, president;
William Kent, vice president; Miss M. E.
Parsons, secretary, and John Boyd, treas
urer. - :
Moving in Park Project.
The steamship St. Paul arrived yesterday
from Nome and Seattle. She brought 124 pas
sengers In all, of whom 41 came from Alaska.
She brought gold durt valued at $87,431 62.
St Paul Brings $87,431.
We are headquarters for souvenir postal
cards, view books, maps, orange and red
wood panels and kelp novelties, etc San
born, Vail & Co., 741 Market street. . •
Souvenirs of California.
On Sunday. September 20. the California
Northwestern Railway will run an excursion
to Wllllts. It is the first excursion since the
railroad has bera finished to that pclnt. The
ride between Ckiah and Wllllts Is one of the
most picturesque in the country. Kach ticket
Fold insures a seat. Kare for the round trip.
$.1. Lr&ve Tiburon ferry 7:30 a. m. ; on the
return Jeave Willits 4 o. m. •
Excursion to Willits.
The examination Into the -Ircti^nstances un
der which four able seamen deserted from the
i'Brltish Ehip Ben Lee was continued yester
day at the British Consulate. Captain W. J.
j Mllburn, of the British steamship Heathdene,
j is a member of the board and each day has at
; tended in all the glory of one of the most
i elaborate uniforms ever worn by a merchant
skipper. The arrival of Captain Milburn at
the Vallejo-street float, either going- to or re
turning from the British Consul's, has become
one of the picturesque events of the day's hap
penings along th« beach. With military pre
cision his sailors row the captain's grig from
ship to chore, and with the air of a major gen
eral and more rolden braid and brass but
tons. Captain Milburn steps ashore and stalks
up town to the Consulate, followed by the ad
miring gaze of stevedores, boatmen and small
boys.
Captain Milburo'e Uniform.
The rate of reinsurance on the British tramp
steamship Laurel Branch was advanced, yes
terday to "0 • per cent. She is now ' out 25
days from Coronel to Punta Arenas. This trip
should have taken about ten days. It Is-pos
sible that the bis freighter may have broken
down, but the general opinion seems to be
that Fhe has foundered. Under sail, how
ever, the Laurel Branch would prove a pretty
elow traveler, and In this the more sanguine
eve considerable hope. In eptte of the TO per
cent rate, however, there has been no heavy
speculation on the steamship's chances of ar
rival.
Little Hope for Laurel Branch.
Five years ago Mrs. Fitzgibbons,
while living at 17 Grant avenue, fired
three shots at Charles Bower, a grocery'
clerk, without any cause and was sent to
the Napa Insane Asylum. She was re
leased about a year ago.
A Jury was Impaneled In Judge Cook's
court yesterday to pass upon the sanity
of Mrs. Etta Fltzgibbons, who Is charged
with assault to murder. She has been
sent to the insane ward in the Central
Emergency Hospital, where she will be
under expert surveillance till Saturday,
when the case will be again called.
Mrs. Fltzgibbons was -living in. a lodg
ing-house at 873 Market street on May 3
and Joseph A. Gagen, a young boxmaker,
called upon her. He had not been talking
to her long when she accused him of at
tempting to choke her, and, procuring a
revolver, fired five shots at him, each
bullet taking effect. Gagen's ante
morten statement was taken, as it was
feared he could not recover: He denied
that he had attemtped to choke the
woman and said the shooting was done
without any provocation. He slowly re
covered.
She Is "Waiting Trial In Judge Cook's
Court for Assault to
Murder.
gak. ¦ -
Schr Roy Sotnere, Eolland, 5 days from Grays
Harbor.
Schr North Bend, Jackson, 6 days from Wil
lapa Harbor. . ' • -
CLEARED.
Wednesday, September 16.
Stmr Corona, Johnson, Eureka; Pacific Coast
Steamship Co. ' V
Stmr Culifornlan, Barron. Seattle; .Williams,
Dimond & Co. •
Br ship Matterhorn, Warren, Antwerp; Z> C
Sheldon. ¦¦ ¦ ¦ - ¦ ¦
Bktn Coronado, Potter, Honolulu; J D
Spreckels & Bros Co.
SAILED. : .
Wednesday, September 16. •
Stmr Arctic, Reiner. Eureka.
Stmr Eureka, .Tessen, Eureka.
Sfmr Corona. Johnson, Eureka.
Stmr Chas Nelson. Anderson, , Redondo.
Stmr Mackinaw, Storrs, Tacoma.
Stmr Mineola, Klrkwcod. Tacoma.
Stmr lledondo. Krosr. Eureka.
Stmr Brooklyn, Hipcrlns, Fort Brag?- . .
Stmr Santa Cruz. Glelow. Moss Landing.
Stmr Greenwood. Jackson, Albion.
Bktn/Coronado, Potter, Honolulu.
Schr Halcyon, Schroeder, Grays Harbor.
Schr Advance, Jorgenson, Coquille River.
Schr Mary Etta, Larsen, Sluslaw.
Schr Mary E Russ. Nyman, Eureka.
Schr Volant, Skipper, Grays Harbor.
Schr Fannie Adele. Sorrlns. Grays Harbor. .
. Schr Newark, Reinertsen, Stewarts Point. :
SPOKEN.
Augr 24, lat 11 N, Ion 26 W, Br ship Sir
Robert Fernie. from Barry, for San Fran
cisco.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Sept 16, 10 p m — Weather
hazy;, wind calm.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE — Sailed Sept 16 — Stmr Hyades,
for Hongkong; U S stmr Burnside. for Alaska.
Arrived Sept 16 — Stmr Queen, hence Sept 13.
Sailed Sept 16 — Stmr Umatilla. for San
Francisco.
EUREKA — Arrived Sept 16 — Stmr laqua,
henfee Sept 15; stmr Aurella, from Monterey.
Sailed Sept 10— Stmr Pomona, for San Fran
cisco. -
Sailed Sept 16 — Schr Bertha Dolbeer, for San
Diego: stmr San Pedro, for San Francisco.
Arrived Sept 16 — Stmr W H Kruger, hence
Sept 15.
BRISTOL' BAY— In port Aufr 23— Bark
Nicholas Thayer, .for San Francisco.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Sept 16— Schr Excel
sior, from Willapa Harbor.
Sailed Sept 10— Stmr South Bay, for. San
Francisco : utmr Navarro, for San Francisco.
ABERDEEN— Arrived Sept 10 — Stmr New
burs, hence Sept 11; stmr G C Lindauer, hence
Sept 12. ,
COSMOPOLIS— Arrived Sept 16— Schr Jennie
Wand, hence Sept 2.
MENDOCIXO— Sailed Sept 16— Stmr Phoe
nix, for San Francisco.
Arrived Ktnt 10 — Stmr Cella, hence Bept 15.
FORT BRAGG — Sailed Sept 10— Stmr Noyo,
for San Francisco.
GARDINER— Sailed Sept 15— Schrs Lucy
and Louise, for San Pedro. Sept 16 — Schr
Lily, for Ban Francisco. - >
PORT TOWNSKND— Arrived Sept 16— Br
stmr Wyneric, from Nome. < ' ' '.
¦ Passed -Sept 16 — Br ship Leicester Castle.
from Vancouver, for Queenstown. .- • -- /
Sailed Sept 15— Stmr ¦ Kohala. for South
Africa. ¦ - • .
BOWENS LANDING— Sailed Sept 16— Stmr
Fulton, for San Pedro. . ¦ ¦« ' ' .
COOS .BAT — Arrived Sept 16— Stmr, Arcata.
hence Sept • 12. . ¦» . '
ASTORIA— Sailed Sept 10 — Stmr Francis i H
Leggett,' with log raft In . tow, . for San Fran
cisco. • • • ¦ ¦' ' .' '
Arrived Sept 16 — Schr Andy Mahoney, from
Santa Rosalia.
Sailed Sept 1C — Stmr Homer," for Dutch Har
bor. ¦ . ¦ •- ¦ ..-,.... „.. ,,
• TATOOSH— Passed in -. Sept ! 16— Sktn Koko
Head, from Eleele, . .for , Port, Towneend; Br
utmr •'Wyefield, hence -Sept • 12, ¦ fttr Nanaimo;
Btmr San Mateo, hence Sept 12. for Taeomai
bktn Makawell, from Kobe, for." Port ,Town
send.' ¦-...:-...
Passed out Sept 16 — Stmr Hyades, from Se
attle, for Hongkong. . . »
TILLAMOOK— Arrived Bept 16— Stmr • Be
quola. hence Sept 12. ••
Sailed Sept lti — Schr Oakland, for Ban Fran
cisco. . • •¦
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Sept 15— Schr
Jennie Wand, hence: Sept 2. - . -
HARDY CREEK- Arrived Sept 16— Stmr
Marshfield. hence Sept 15.: ¦ • . . -
POINT REYES — PacBsd Sept 16 — Stmr Rob-;
ert Dollar, from Astoria, for Redondo.
ISLAND PORTS.
HILO— Arrived Sept 1»— Bark Amy Turner,
hence Aug 26. '
HONOLULU — Sailed Sept 16 — Stmr ' Alame
da, for San - Francisco.
EASTERN PORT.
NEW YORK— Sailed Sept 15— Stmr Sarato
ga, for Colon.
FOREIGN PORTS.
NEWCASTLE, Aus^ — Arrived -Sept 23— Ger
bark Alsterechwan, from Sydney. -
SYDNEY — Arrived prior to 8ept 15-^Br stmr
Aorangl. • from Vancouver. ¦¦•¦ ¦"-•,-•
HONGKONG— Sailed Sept 16— Stmr Siberia,
for San Francisco. '
. OCEAN STEAMERS. V
¦ NEW YORK— Sailed Sept ; 16— Stmr New
York. for. Southampton: stmr. Staatendam. for
Rotterdam : stmr Majestic, ¦ for . Liverpool.
LI VERPOOL— Arrived , Sept « 16-^Stmr West
ernland, from. ,,: Philadelphia; , Btmr Ivernl*.
for Boston. - .'
Sailed Sept 16— Btmr Teutonic, ' for : New
JURY WILL DECIDE UPON
MRS. FITZGIBBONS' SANITY
The preliminary examination of Charles
Sullivan and John H. Powell, charged
with the murder of Special Officer Robert
A. Sample on Folsom street, between
First and Second streets, on the morning
of August 11, was ciosed yesterday before
Police Judge Mogan, so far as the pros
ecution »s concerned. The case was con
tinued till Saturaay at the request of
Attorney Eddy for the defense.
Policemen S. T. Clark and F. C. Xob
mann, who arrested the defendants; As
sistant Bond and Warrant Clerk Flood,
v.ho took Sample's statement accusing
the defendants at the Emergency Hos
pital; Special Officer H. G. Beatty. who
¦was with Clark and Nobrnann when the
arrests were made, and F. M. J. Kelly,
'J13 Fremont street, were the witnesses
examined yesterday.
Policeman Clark testified that when he
¦treated Sullivan, who was running along
the north side of Folsom street, Sullivan,
pointing to Powell, who was running
across the street, said, "There's the one
that fired the shots." Both officers said
that Sample identllled Sullivan as the one
who shot h!m and Powell as the one who
Ftruck him. Kelly testified that he was
with Nobmann when Sample's revolver
was found in the front garden of 54S
Folsom street, where it had been thrown.
Strong Testimony Given by the Two
Arresting Officers and
Otliers.
PROSECUTION CLOSES IN
SAMPLE MUHDEB CASE
Steamer. 1 From. | Due.
O. Dollar Grays Harbor Sept. 17
Rival Willapa Harbor Sept. 17
fhoenix Mendocino Kept. 17
San Pedro.... Humboldt ...Sept. 17
Edith Seattle Sept. 17
Chlco Coqullle River Sept. 17
Argo..... Eel River Ports Sept. 17
Pomona : . Humboldt Sept. 17
Columbia..... Portland & Astoria. .. Sept. 17
Santa Bosa... San Diego & Way Pts. Sept. 17
Point Arena. .. Mendoclno & Pt. Arena Sept. 17
laqua.. Humboldt Sept. 13
Arcata. coos Bay & Pt. Orford Sept. 18
Centralia San Pe dro Sept. IS
Eureka.....;. Humboldt .. .'. Sept. li>
City Peking... china & Japan .... Sept. 1»
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports .... S«pt. 1»
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Pts. Sept. 10
8. Barbara.... San Pedro ............ Sept. 20
F. H. Leggett. Portland .:......;..... Sept. 20
Corona.'. Humboldt ............ Sept SO
Luxor Seattle Sept. 20
Olympic '. San Pedro Sept. 21
State Callforn San Diego & Way Pts.. Sept. 21
S. Portland.. Portland & Astoria ... Sept. 21
J. Dollar Seattle & Tacoma... .. Sept. 21
Newburfj Grays Harbor Sept. 21 j
G. Llndauer. . Grays Harbor Sept. 22
Chehalis Gray9 Harbor Sept. 22
Alameila Honolulu Sept. 22
G. W. KUer... Portland & Astoria Sept. 22
Bonlta Newport & Way Forts Sept. 23
Newport. New York via Panama. Sept. '£i
Queen Puget Sound Ports .... Sept. 24
Coronado Grays Harbor Sept. 25
North Fork... Humboldt Sept. 25
Curacao Mexican Ports ........ [Sept. 27
TO ARRIVE,
Movements of Steamers.
York . and Liverpool.
GLASGOW — Arrived Sept 14 — Stmr • An
chorla. from New York.
SOUTHAMPTON'— Sailed Sept 10 — Stmr Kai
ser Wilhelm der Gross?, from Bremen, for New
York. : \
WUEENSTOWX— Sailed Sept 1G— Stmr Car
pathla, from Liverpool, for' New York.
THE steamship City of Sydney,
which arrived yesterday from
Panama, brought home Mate John
Nelson and five members of the
crew of the schooner Lena Swea
sey, which was wTecked last August off
JCrfvldad. The captain of the schooner
remained behind to attend to the dispo
sition of the wreck and cargo. The Swea
sey went to Navidad for a cargo of hard
wood logs and was loaded and ready for
sea when a heavy gale drove her ashore
and Jammed her hard and fast In the
breakers. Although all hands got ashore,
it was only after a hard struggle in the
boiling surf. The strongest went first and
those that followed were glad to avail
themselves of the aid of the vanguard, j
The schooner became a total wreck.
Those that accompanied Nelson wen/
Henry Gibson, C. Gabriel3on, J. Anderson,
Hans Knudsen and Sigura Berntsen.
The Sydney brought a full cargo and
passengers, including Her.ri Chretien and
wife. Mrs. Eva K. de Sabla. J. C. Duval,
Chris LHeterich and C. L. Larm.
ASTORIA, Or., Sept. 16.— The American
schooner Andy Mahoney, fears for the
safety of which were entertained at San
Francisco, reached port to-day from San
ta Rosalia with a partial cargo of sail.
The Mahoney was short of provisions,
but the Gaelic, from San Francisco, sup
plied her with some fresh meat, eggs,
etc., 'and she was amply supplied during
the remainder of the voyage. Last Sat
urday's gale was -encountered and the
jib stay was carried away, but no other
acclOnt occurred during the passage.
The failure of the Mahoney to arrive in
better time was due to the fouling of her
bottpm in the tropics. All the members
of the crew, as well as Captain Anderson,
his wife and two children, are in excel
lent health.
The great log raft was towed to sea
this morning for San Francisco. The
steamer Francis H. Leggett is taking the
monster boom down the coast. The raft
in 735 feet in length and contains almost
8,000,000 feet of telegraph pole's and piling.
The Leggett has a cargo of more than
1,000.000 feet of lumber.
Arrives at Seattle Minus Jibstay, but
With Crew Well and Cargo
Intact.
SCHOONER ANDY MAH0NEY
:- REACHES PORT SAFELY
Unless some action toward settling the
caaal cuestion is taken soon, however,
men in a position to judge say that revo
lution will once more stir the republic.
The strongest supporters of the Panama
• anal are the young business men of the
ipthmus, and they are said to have a
following strong enough to warrant the
faith in their ability to bring Colombia
to terras by strength of arms.
The people of the isthmus, say the
steamship officers, have long nursed
grievances arainst the Colombian Gov
ernment. From the isthmus the republic
draws Its principal revenues, but for no
part of Colombia do the ruling powers
do less. Contact with the ouls'.de world
has Infected those Colombians located at
Colon and Panama with up-to-date ideas.
They realize, for instance, that the ua
healthfulr.ess of their cities Is due to lack
of drainage and Improper sanitary ar
rangements. They realize that the prev
alence of fever is a serious handicap.
They have learned the remedy, but all
appeals to the Government for appropria
tions have fallen on ears that heeded not.
Bven the funds to secure the cutting of
the brush in the immediate vicinity of
Panama were refused. In the completion
of the Panama canal the people of the
isthmus saw a. way to a better state of
affairs and when the Colombian Congress
refused to ratify the treaty the people
of Panama were aroused to indignation.
When the City of Sydney sailed secret
meetings were being held all over Panama
for the purpose of discussing- ways and
mea s 1 ir securing the independence of
the i'tfanr-us. The meetings were secret
for tfc reason that open expressions of
opinion are dangerous in that part of
the world where Government spies and
military prisons are flourishing: institu
tions.
According to the ofllcers of the
steamships Colon and City of Syd
ney, the people of Panama aro
ripe for secession froia Colombia,
and unless ihc CongTes* of the South
American republic takes some early and
satisfactory action in the matter of the
Panama canal nothing can prevent a
break for independence on the part of
the people of the isthmus. The Colon
arrived from Panama a week ago, but
her officers, crew and passengers were
detained at Ansel Island until Tuesday
evening. The City of Sydney arrived yes
terday and after a short detention in
quaractise was allowed to proceed to her
dock.
It is expected that the entire consign
ment of cable on the Burnside will be laid
and the vessel be back in this port for the
final link by October 15.
SEATTLE, Sept. 16.-The United States
cableship Burnside sailed for the north
last night to continue the work of laying
the cable from the head of Lynn canal, by
way of Sitka, the capital of Alaska, to this
city. She has a stretch of 600 miles . of
cable aboard, which was transferred from
the steamship Texan, which brought the
cable around the Horn from New York.
On board the Burnaide when she sailed
were General A. W. Greely, chief signal
officer of the United States army; Col
onel James Allen of the signal corps, un
der whose general supervision the lino
will be laid; Captain Edgar Russell and
Captain George O. Burnell of the signal
corps; Henry Winter, cable, engineer;
Lieutenant Charles P. F. Chandler of the
quartermaster's department. Captain A.
H. Laflin is in command of the vessel.
The Burnside proceeds direct to Juneau,
where, after making a shore line connec
tion, she will leave for Sitka, paying out
about 250 miles between the two towns,
and continuing south from the capital by
open ocean as far as the cable rope will
reach, possibly to a point Off Queen Char
lotte/Island.
Will Proceed to Juneau and
Mak9 Connection First
With Sitka.
Are HoldiDg Secret Mee' ings
to Flan Indepsndercs"
Campaign
Burnside Leaves Seattle
Bound for Alaekan
Ports.
Resent Action of Con
gress in Matter of
the Canal
Crew of the Wrecked Schooner Lena Sweasey Come
Home on the Steamship City of Sydney, Leaving
Their Vessel a Total Loss on Beach at Navidad
PANAMA PEOPLE
READY TO FIGHT
GREELY SAILS
ON CABLESHIP
SAILORS FIGHT THEIR WAY SAFETY
THROUGH SWIRL OF ANdRY BREAKERS
THE f SAN -FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 17, 1903.
10
T3 9
Pears' soap is nothing
but soap.
Pure soap is as gentle as
oil to the living skin.
Pears' is the purest and
best toilet soap in all the
world.
Sold ail over tbe *rorl&
BAUWAT TBAVET*
SOUli|tt^JN|PA^IEJG
, -trains 1 *J^5*KKA l Nt;iir€O. l *- r " % ° * 4
(Main Linn, toot of Market Street ) "^
' mm* — r »"» SiVrmnKB X 1303. — a»»it«
7 00a llrntcta. S.ilsun. Klmtra auii aacri-
; " ¦ iHi-nt.i 7.25F
'¦ 74H)a VncaTlIle. TT|nt«r». l:ura»cy. 7-2S»
7.30* Martlnei. San Ramun, Vailcjo,
Nap*. CalUtoga, Sacta ltosa 8-25P
7.30a Klies. Llvermore, Lathrop. Stock-
ion... 7.2S*
8 00a D»v.». %v t it>«l!»rd. Kslxhti Litndlnc
>Ury*Tllle. Orovllle. (connect*
at M»ry»vi:itf for Uridley, Ulg^s
end Cnlro).... 7-B5r
800a Atlantic Kxjress-OKtJrn »nd ftast. 10.25*
S.COa Port C»»ta. Martinet. Antlocn. By-
ron.Tracy.Stockwn.sacrajnento.
Los Banos. Mendota. LUaforii.
VlMlla. 1'tirtPTYllle 4J23*
S.COa Port Coata. M.irtlnez. Tracy. L.iti-
.rou. Mudcsto, Merced. Fresno,
Go.inen Juactloo, llaaford, Vt-
»a!l<v. I'.akersneld 5.25»
8.30a 6ha»ta Kxpress— 1>«t|», Wiiiiamt
¦'** - (for Uartlelt SprJacs). TVUiows.
IFruto. l:e4 niuff. Portlac! 755* 1
823» Nilrs. San Jo»e. Ll»eru>ore. S:o.'<-
ton. lon<-.Sa<: rumen to. riacerv Hie,
Mary «Ti:ie. Cbtct*. lie.l i:\ntl 4.25*
8 30a Oalcdsle. Chinese. Jamestown, So-
nor*. Tutilnmne and Aneels 4.25r
SCO* Maz-tlnex ami WajStatlons B55»
IOCOa Vallejo ............. 1225*
10 00a El Paso Pa»»en«rfr. E*«tb<iiia(i.—
Fo»-t Costa. Martluer. Hyroo.
Tracy, ljithrop. Stockton,
M <?rced. Raymond. Fresno, Una-
fcrd. VIsalla. raiersfleld. Los
Aucetes «ml El Paso. (West-
hound arrive* t1» to»«t Line)... t\ 33»
10 00a The Overland Limited — Ogden.
Denier, Omaha. Chicago. B25p
12.00a Hnyward. Mlraand Way Stations. 3-25r
ti.OOr Sacramento Ktver Steamers tli.OOr
3^0r Brnlcla. Wlnrers. Sacrsmenfo.
WooOiaiid. Wllltams, Coliua.Wl|-
lowa. Knights Lnndlns;. Marjrs-
Tllle. OroTllle and way iUtlons.. i05S«
3-SOr Hnyward. Nile* and Way Stations.. 7 55f
4CCp Martlaei.SauRainon.ValIeJo.5spa,
Call«tug«, SantHlSnsa ..f-SS 4
4C0p Martinez. Tracr.Lathrup.SCocktoo. 10-23*
4C0r Nlles. Llvermore. StocXton, Lodl.. 4-25P
4.30* Haywartl. N'llcs, lrviagtoa, Saa J tS.SSA
Jose. Ll»ermore f 111.55a
6 COr Toe Owl Limited— Tresno.Tulaxe.
Bakeraneld. Lo« Angele* • 55a
6.C0r P..rt Coata. Tracy, Stockton. Los
Eanoa „ 12.2S*
; (5.30r riaywsrd, NUes snd Ssn Jo*« 725a
S.COp IJayward. N!!esaud Caa Jose 10 25a
6X0r OrifcUl Mull— OifUen. Deurer.
Omahs, St. Louis. Chicago and
Esi-t. Port Costs. Brnlcla, Hul-
sun, Elmlra, l>avls, Sacramento,
Kocklln. Aiibin, (Jolfax.
i Trackee. Boca, K*do, Wads-
worth, Wlnnemncca, Dsttlo
Mountain. KUo 423»
».. Beno. Truckee. Sacramento, Dsrls,
Su1»ud. Benlcta. Port Costa 7.55a
6.00* Vallejo. daily, except Sunday.... I ¦» K e-
7.00t Vallejo. Sunday only f *••»'
7.00r San Pablo. Port Costa, Martlnes
and vr»y Stations 11-25a
8C5r Oregon A California Express— Sao-
ramcutq, M;»ry.*vi;!r, Keddlsj;
Portland. Pu;e: Sotird snd East. S.55a
S-IOi" Uayward, NQca aad San Jose (Sun-
day only) 11-55*
I II.ZBr Port Ccta, Tracy. Laiarop. Mo-
detto. Merced. U.iymond (to To
semtte). Fresno, lltntord. VI-
salla. BafeersScld 1225?
COAST LINE (»»"!»« J.*cye).
(Foot uf Market 8trect.)
7-45a Sauta Cruz Excursion <aunday
only) 8-10*
8.15a Itcwark. Certervllle. S*a Joio,
Felton, Koulaer Creek, Santa
Crux and Way Stations 6 25'
T2-15r Hewark. CenterTllle, Ssn Joss,
New Almsden. Los G*to«.Fe: ton,
Koulder Crnek. Ssnta Crus and
Principal Way Station* 10-53*
4-16r Newark. San Jo«». Loa Oatos and
way statlona (on Saturday and
Sunday runs tbrongh to Santa
Cruz; Monday only from Ssnta
Crnz). Connects st Kelton to
and from Boulder Cr«ek 18-55 4
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
< From SAN fc'UANCISCO, loot of Market St. (SllpS>
— tt:15 9:OI 11:00 A.M. 1.00 300 5.15 P.M.
From OAKLAND, foot of Broadway — 1«:l» {3:0*
t8:05 10:00 a.m. 12 00 200 400 P.M.
COAST LINE (HroaiUJM*.).
PT* (Third and ToonaenJ Streets.)
6.10a San Jose and Way Stations 8 30r
! 17.00a 6an Jose and W«y sutlons B-3&P
7.1Sa Monterey and Santa Crus Excur-
sion (Snnday only) ... S.30r
8 00* Kew Almaden (Toes.. Frld., only), 4>10*
I 00a cosst Line Limited— Stops only san
Jose, Gllroy (connection for Dol-
lister), Pajsro. Castrovllla. Sa-
linas. San Ardo. Paao Roblea.
8antaMargartta.San Luis Oblspn.
Gaadalupe. Surf (connection for
: Loropoc). Sant* Barbara. Bangui
; snd Los Angeles. Connection al
CastroTllle to ind from Monterey
and Pacific Grove 10-419
t.COA Ssn Jose. Tres Ptnos. Capltola,
SantaCruj.Paclflc Grovs.Sallnaa.
Baa Lula Obtspo and Prlaclpal
Intermediate Stations.......... 4.10*
tt).3O* San Jose and TVay Stations........ 1.20*
11-OOa Cemetery Ps'ssenircr— Soutfl Ssa
Frandico. Ssn Brnno I.OSv
11.30a Santa Clsra. San Jose, Los Gstos
and Way Stations 7-30p
«1.30i» Esn Jose and Way Stations ... .... x700p
2.00p San Joa« and TV ay Stations 1940*
2.30p Cemetery Passenprer — Soatb Saa
Francisco. San Bruno : 4~3S>
t3.C0r De) Monte Esprens— Santa Clara.
Etn Jose, Del Monte, Monterey.
Pacific Grove (connects st Santa
Clara for Santa Cruz, Bonlder
Creek and Narrow Gauge Points) M215»
MJiOr Pacific Grove and Way Statlona—
HurlInc»ixie,Saa Ma teo. Red wood.
Menlo Park. Palo Alto. Mayfleld.
Mountain View. Lawrence. Santa
. Clara.. San Jose. (Gllroy. nol lis-
ter, Tres Plaos), Pajsro, Watson-
viiie. Capltola, Santa Cruz, Caa-
trovUle. Salinas 10.45*
4-JOf 8sn Joae and Way Stations 3-38a
bXiOr San Jose, (via Santa Clara) Los
tiatoa. Wright and Principal Way
Stations (except Sunday) 9-00*
I5-30P San Jose and Principal Way Stations fi.OO*
tS.lbr Can Mateo. Beresford.Belmont, Saa
Carlos, fiedwoo<l. Fair Oaks,
UenloPsrk. Palo Alto t9-45r
*.30r San Joie and Way Stations 8.3ft*
7 LOr Sunset Limited, Eastbonnd.— Saa
Luis Oblspo. Santa Barbara. Lot
. Angeles, Demlng. El Paso. New
Orlesns. New York. (Westbound
arrives via San Josqni a Valley)... tr8-25i
I.OOr Palo Alto and Way Sutlons 10-15*
11.30' South San Francisco. MillbraO
Burllngame. Saa Mateo. Bel-
moot, San Carlo*. Redwood. M * m .
Kalr Oaks. Menlo Park. Palo 12'lfr
Alto. Mayfleld. Mountain View. W-4B»
Sunnyvsle, Lawrence. Ssnta
Clara and San Jose J
A for Morning. p for Afternoon.
X Saturday and Sunday, only. t Sunday only.
I Stops at all stations on Sunday,
t Sanday exeepted. a Saturday only.
• Via Coaat Ltae. *> Via San Joaqala Valley.
>Reno train eaatbonnd discontinued.,
EsT~Only trains stopping at Valencia St. sontnboun4
He6:10A.M..t7:COA.5«..n:0O A.M.. 2:30 P.M. sad5:Mr.K,
¦TO SAN RAFAEL.
SANOUENTIN*
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO.ETC.
via Sausalito Perry
WEEK DAYS-tflolidays^ «««Pj'^i~5. : i^
tT:43. 8:45. »:«. 11 a. m.. 12:20. *l^. «^*
11-08 ¦ ro . «:30. 2.20. 13:45. 4:50. 8:iO. e:4i.
10^UN P DAYS-6:15. 7:33. JS:lO »:4ft tgg
Jll:45 ». m.. 12:50, 2:30. |3:25. 4.10. ».5U.
U) "iart from San Quentla..
FROM MIIJ- VALLET TO S AN^ FRAN-
CISCO— Week days— 5:45. ,6:*0. 7-43. '» .25.
U-.45, ll:lt»a. m.. 12:40. 2:45. 4:15. 5:10. 7:05.
10 S 4 CNDAYS-e:35, 7:55. 10 11:10 am.. «:<».
105 240 3:45. 4:55. 6:05. 7:10. 10:40 p. m.
1 * ' THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a. m.. week days — Ca*adero and war
'^VlJpp. m.. week days (Saturday- excepted>—
Tomales and way stations.
3Tl5 p. m.. Saturdays— Cazader© and way
"and Leiaf Holldaya^-8 *." m.. Caxa-
de 6un^y. W £d y L^intonda,s-10^/«.. Point
«5=« Market st.
FERRY— Foot of Market st.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leave Via Stssshts firry Arrive
SsaFran. ¦»» st Marso ft. Saa Fran.
Week Sojv Son- Wc*k
l:45p »:OOa Vjg^CjC®! l»:5Of 3:39?
»il»rlO:OOA 3:3Or 5:ftOp
ZZZZ tltSr ' ¦ «:OOr .. .
tttgrdap oij. m** T>wn ' 9:30p,srr.Tii7. il:30y
TlbUtt t «*S Mauit St.. ( North Saore HuilraaaJ
UnCB i and SaOSauto K«««y Pont « a rt« Sc
A Stndy in Piracy.
~ One 6t
Josteplilne Dodse Daiksm'i
Storiesi' complete
In tbe
\eit Sanday Call. '
::: advebtisements."
Positively cured by these
I liittle Pills,
1 They aho relieve Distress from Dyspepsia, I
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per- !
set remedy for Dizziness, Xausea, Drowsi- 1
aess, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongue '¦
Pain in ihc Side^TORPID LIVER. They i
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
BrnaU Pill. Small Dose.
Small Price-
CUTLERY
EVERY ELADE.mRRANTED
EAILWAY TBAVEI*
The Trip East-
How Shall I Go?
That's a question many are asking
themselves just now. Before yon
answer definitely please look into oar
personally conducted tourist parties
for Omaha, Kansas City, Chicago,
St. Louis and Boston. Through tourist
sleeping cars, and service that you will
thoroughly appreciate.
We like to consider those who
patronize us as our guests and endeavor
to treat them as such. Our sleeping
cars are modern, roomy, comfortable.
They have all the conveniences of a
standard Pullman car at less than half
the expense. Save your money.
Join one of our parties and yon will
have pleasant company and the serv-
ices of a special conductor who goes
through with each party.
Kindly drop me a line if yon are
interested.
W. D. SANBORN, Gen'l Agl Burlington Rente.
631 Market Street, San Francisco.
842 - - - . /
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN HI. CO,
SAN FRAKCJSCU A.NU NORTH PAC1F13 *
BAiiwAY coacPAirr.
Tlbnroa Perry, Toot or Market St.
SAW rSAHCXSCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 8:00. 9:00, 11:00 a. to.;
12:35. 2:30. 3:40. 6:10. 5:50. 6:30 and 11:30
' p. in. ¦ »
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1 :3O p. m.
SUNDAYS — 7:30. 8:00. 8:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30.
2:30. 3:40. 5:10. 6:30. 11:30 p. m.
SAK BATAEIi TO SAH PBAHCXSCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:05. 6:30. 7:35, 7:60, 9:20.
11:15 a. m.; 12:50. *2:0Q. 3:40. 5:00, 0:20.
6:25 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:43 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:5O, 7:35, 0:20. 11:15 a. m.; 1:43.
3:40. 4:50. 5:00, 5:20, 6:10. 6:25 p. m.
?Except Saturdays.
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francl»co.| May 3. 1903. [San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I Destlna- I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. I tlon. | days. I Day.
7:3Oa '¦ 7:45 a 7:43 a
7:30 a 8:00 a 8:40 a 8:40 a
8:00a 9:30a Ifnado. 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:30 p 2:.T0p «:00p 6:20 p
5:lpp 5:10 p 6:20 p 7:25 p
_j 7:25 p
7 :30 a 7 :30 a ; 7:45 a 7:45 a
8:00 a 8:00 a Novato. 10:2Oa 10:20 a
2:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma, 6:20 p 6:20 p
, 5:10 p 2:30 p and 7:25 p 7:25 p
5:10 p Santa Rosa, f
7:30a 7:30a , 10:20a 10:20 a
8:00a 8:0Oa Fulton. 7:25 p 6:2Op
2:30 p 2:30 p ( 7:25 p
j j "Windsor. [ I
7:30 a| 7:30 a) Healdsburff. 110:20 a 10:20 a
I I Lytton. [
2:30 p( 2:30 p| GeygervlHe. J 7:25 p 7:23 p
. I I Cloverdale. f *
7:30a|7:30a| Hopland |lo!20a|10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| and Uklah. | 7:23 p| 7:23 p
7:30 a| 7:30 a| - WHllts. | 7:25 p| 7:2S p
8:00 al 8:C0a| Camp Vacation. 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:30 p) 2:30 p| Guern'ivllle. | 7:25 p| 6:20 p
8:00 al 8:00 al Eonoma. I 8:40 al 8:40 a
5:10 p| 5:10 p| Glen Ellen. 1 6:00 p| 6:20 p
7:30a|7:30a| il0:20 atlO:2O a
2:30 p| 2:3Op| Sebastopol. | 7:25 p| 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
Quentln; at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton for Altrurta and Mark West
Springes; at Lytton fcr Lytton Springs; at G«y-
servtllc for EkagRs Springs : at Cloverdale for
the Geysers. Booneville and Greenwood; at
Hopland for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs'
KelseyvHle. Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay. Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Springs 1 , Saratoga Springs. Blua Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs. Upper Lake. Pomo
Potter Valley. John Day's. Riverside. Llerly's"
Bucknell's. Sanhedrln Heights, Hull vllle Orr*s
Hot Springs. Halfway House. Comptche, CamD
Stevens, Hopkins, Mendoclno City. Fort Brarr
Westport. Usal: . at Willits for Fort Brarjr
Westport, Sherwood. Cahto, Covello. Layton-
ville. Cummlngs, Bell's Springs. Harris oi-
sen's. Dyer. GarbervHle. Pepperwood. Scotia
and Eureka. . .
Saturday - to Monday round-trip tickets at
reduced rates. - ¦
On Sunday— Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. O.'.O Market, street. Chronicle
building.
H. C. WHITIXO. R. X. RYAN.
, Gen. Manager. Gen. Pan. Art.
• ¦ ¦ - • 0
CALIFORNIA I-
LIMITED TO CHICAGO |
leaves Mondays tad Tbandays »t + SO ¦ m . ' B
Ij Through la 3 d»y» with Diners and til tnpplDgi. |i
tj Our ether tnlo* g o it H
ti 7:30am 1 for Stockton, Fresno, . I
|| 1:38am V Bakersfield. Merced. K
l| 1:00pm) Hanford. Visalla. , ||
y 4:06ph for Stockton. ' M ;
II * f :Mfn for Kansas City and Chicago, ra !
H ¦ Office. 641 Market St.. and la Perry 0 !
t| Depot; 1 113 Broatfwcy. Oakland. • B|
II . Trains leave Market Street Firry. * H
Weekly Cail,$1.00 per YearChicago was weaker on the day. There was
no change In this market. .-V .-
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 12%c per. lb. for
heavy, 13c for light medium. 15e for light.
15Hc for extra light, 17 %c for sugar-cured and
18%c for extra" sugar-cured: Eastern sugar
cured Hams. 15%c: California Hams, 15V&C;
Mess Beef. ?11 50012 per bbl: extra Mess. $12
©12 50: Family. $13 50; prime Mess Pork, $19;
extra clear. $25: Mess. $20: Dry Salted Pork.
12Hc: Pit Pork., .528: Pigs' Feet. $5 23:
Smoked. B«ef. 15c per.lb. - .
. LARD— Tierces quoted at 7%c per lb for
compound and 10V42105ic tor sure; half bar-
Provisions.
NEW FRUIT — Apricots. 7©0c for Royals
and 0@llc for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples,
6i&6c; Peaches, SUCp7c: Pears. 5@9c; Ntc
tarlnes, 4@4%o for white; Figs, white, 4\4©
4%c in boxes; Plums, pitted, 5®7c per lb.
PRUNES— 1003 crop. 2%©3c for the four
Blzos; 1002 crop, 2%©2%c foe the four slses.
with %<fflc premium for the large sizes.
RAISINS— H»03 prices are »s follows: Two
crown, 6®a'4c; three-crown, 6Vi©6»c: four-
Cr NUTl^wl < inuts. No. 1 -mftttaell. 124tfl3c;
No. 2. 10H@'l%c; No. 1 hardshell. lH*fll2Ci
No. 2, 10®10'^c; r.cw Almonus, lie for Nonpa
reils, 10%c, for IX U lOHc for Ne Plus Ul
tras and 8%c for Langue-loc: Peanuts. S@7c
for Eastern: Pecars, 11613c; Cocoanuu. $% 5o
©5.
HONEY— Comb, new, 12%®13^c for white
and Italic for amber: new water white ex
tracted. 6%#n%c; light amber extracted, 5c;
dark, 3Vj©4V,c.
. BEESWAX— 27©20c par Ib.v
Dried Fruits,Nuts, Raisins, Honey
The circular of Somers & Ca says of Hay:
"But 3600 tons of Hay have arrived during
the week, a decided lessening from the total of
the week before showing 5000 tons. This
would seem to indicate that the regular fall
rush was about over, although It Is reported
that a great quantity of Hay has been left In
Oakland, the tracks there being too full to
permit of same being marketed here Immedi
ately. The report comes In, however, that
many points are through shipping and that
the market will be on an entirely different
basis by the first oC October.
"Local conditions remain unchanged as far
as the demand v goes: Many of the larger con
sumers are now well filled up with their win?
ter*8 supply. The Hawaiian Islands continue
to take their regular quota and there Is some
little movement of Hay coastwise right along.
Conflicting reports come to us from ¦ Oregon
and Washington. ¦¦ for some say. their Hay
crops are abundant this : season, while others
write that they will have to come here for a
ceitain quantity of Hay. as they did last sea
son. Therefore, although we have no assurance
of any particular outside demand, yet there Is
the possibility of its springing up later on.
The Government etlll hesitates in awarding Its
Hay contracts, but it is generally believed
that the order will be placed in this market.
"Prices show no change, with choice Wheat
Hay and choice Alfalfa a bit scarce and with
Straw. In very plentiful supply."
BRAN— $23«T24 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $2B 50@28 per ton.
SHORTS— J23®24 per ton.
. FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $24®25 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $26@26 50: Job
bing. $27©27 60; • Cocoanut .Cake. $21®22.
Corn Meal. $33«?33 50: Cracked Corn. $33 50®
34 50: Mixed Feed, ?22 50®23 80; Horse Beans.
$2R<S'3O per ton. • " _-- '
.HAY— Wheat $11@14 50. with gales of extra
cholftn at $15; Wheat and Oat. $11#13 50; Oat,
$10013; Wild Oat. (9 60011 50; Barley. $3'rfll
Prices for everything under this head remain
as before. Feedstuff s are In ample supply for
the current demand and Hay Is also coming In
freely.
Hay and Fcedstuffs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $4 60®
4 85 usual terms: Bak»rs' Extras. $4 50<84 H0J
Oregon and Washington. $3 DOigl 20 per bbl
for family and $3 0004 40 for Bakers.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices in packages are as
follows: Graham Flour. $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye
Flour, }3 25; Rye Meal. * $3; Rice Flour. $7:
Corn Meal. $3 25; extra cream do. $4; Oat
Groats. $4 50; Hominy. ?4©t 25: Buckwheat
Flour, S4 50S4 75; Cracked Wheat, $3 75: Fa
rina $4 50; Whols Wheat Flour. $3 50: Rolled
Oats bbls, $7 25J/8 00; In isacks. $« 75©S 10;
Pearl Barley, $6; Split Peas, boxes, $7; Green
Peas. $5 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Mill stuffs.
CHICAGO, Sept. It}.— Speculative Interest
centered In the corn pit to-day, and tradtng
was active and excited. December closed with
a net gain of 1 Vifc l-%c. Wheat opened with
considerable activity on the sharp upturn in
corn, with December \i£t%c to %«?%c higher,
at 82;4c to 83%c. . But the news from the
Northwest soon became more reassuring* with
foreign news rather tame, and these Influence*,
together with a sharp break In September at
Minneapolis, caused the strength to desert the
pit, and December relaxed to 82V4c..- Local
traders followed the action of brokers sup
posed to be acting for Armour, who sold wheat
generally. Trade was large, and the late mar
ket took on a batter tone on a firmer, tendency
In the late cables and a recovery In the North
west markets. December closed unchanged at
fe2^0%c.
Shorts In the corn pit made a concentrated
rush to cover at the opening, and the bidding
continued vigorously until the price had rralned
114 cent* on the closing quotations of last
night. But at the advance offerings from
holders with profits became so free that they
checked the upward movement, the selling be-
Ins led by the traders, who took advantage of
the slump yesterday and took on what proved
to be cheap corn. The late market snowed a
divided sentiment, but there was little short
netting. December closed, strong at 52V)iff%c.
a gain of Il491%c, after ranging between
&m®%e and 52c.
The oats market was strong, with light of
ferings. • December Closed %@%c higher, at
S894S>%c. ,
Provisions were strong with corn and higher
hog prices. The close was firm, at a gain of
10c for October pork, 2%c for lard and 5c for
ribs.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Chicago Grain Market.
All stock* were quiet yesterday and the only
fluctuation worthy of note was a decline In
Alaska Packers at $15S 5O®157. Hawaiian
Commercial sold at $45.
Semi-annual interest amounting to $25,000
was payable yesterday on the 5 per cent bonds
of the Oakland Gas, Light and Heat Com
pany. \
The directors of the Hana Plantation Com
pany have rescinded the assessment of $2 per
share and levted a new assessment of 60 cents
rer share, delinquent October 19, . .
The California Fruit Canners' Association
has declared a regular monthly dividend of 60
cents per share, payable September 21..
The California Powder Company will pay the
usual monthly dividend of $1 per share on Sep
tember 21.
The Security Savings Bank propone* "to In
crease Its capital from $300,C00 in 1200 shares,
of a par value of $250 each, to $1,000,000 In
4000 shares. These shares will be offered to
stockholders of record at $375 per share; as
the book value Is about $410 per share, they
will probably be promptly taken.
J. U. Calkins has resigned as cashier of the
American National Bank.
Stock and Bond Excliangc.
WEDNESDAY. Sept. 18—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
'4'. " Hld.Ask. J - Rid. Ask.
4s qr coup.. — — Us qr c (new) — —
4s qr reg — — IKs qr coup.. 107 —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. — — I» 5s — —
Bay CPC 8s. 103 — Do eon 5a. 103 105
Cal C G 5s.. — — O W C O 5s: — 00
Cal G A E g Oceanic S 5s. — - ' — '
m A et 5s. — — Om C R «a . —
Cal-st 5s.... — — Pac Q Im 4s — —
C C Wat 5s. — . 102H P E Ry 5s. .110 111
EdLAP«s v — — P&CR68. — —
F & C H Cs. — 120i4 P & O R 6a. — —
Geary-st 5s.. — — Powell-st «s. — 120^
HC A S 6*is — — S "E GAR 5». — —
H C & S 5s.. 99^100 SF & SJV 5a — 120'i
Hon R T Cs.105 10t>U S R of C 6a.lll^ —
L A Elec 5s. — — S P of A 6s
LA Ry 5s.. — 11$V4 <1009) — —
L A L Co Us. — — . (1910) 1001410091
Do gtd «a. — — S P of C «s
Do gtd 5s. — — (1005)Sr A. — —
LAP lem 5s. — — <19OS)8r B. — —
Mkt-st C 6«. — — <1006) ....' — : — •
Do lem Bs. — 115',4 (1912) — ' — "
NRRof Cfs. 100%107 & SPC 1 eg 5s. — —
NRC Of C 5a — — Do stmpd..lO8 —
N P C*R 5s. — * — S P B R Ca. — —
N C R 5s... — — S V Wat Cs.105% —
N C P C Ca. — — Do 4a 2dm. — 10O
N 8 R 5s... — 100 Do 4s 3dm. — '¦ 100 .
O G L H 5s. — — I Stkn GAB 6s. — —
. O X Co 6a.. — *- I U"O & E 5a. — —
Iron cloeed at 51s In Glasgow and 45s lOV&d
In Middlesboro. Locally iron was quiet. No.
1 foundry (northern), $17; No. 2 do, $10 50;
No. 1 foundry (southern) and do soft. $15 50
eic.
Spot copper also declined In London, losing
2s Cd and closing at £50 Is. while futures
were unchanged at £50 2s fid. Locally cop
per was quiet, with Quotations mere or less
nominal. Lake Is quoted at $1.1 75 electro
lytic at $13 C2%®13 75 and casting at $13 37>A
©13 50.
Lead declined 10s ,1d to £11 :ts 'id In London
and was firm locally at $4 50.
Spelter was unchanged at £21 5s In Lon
don and at $0 In New York.
NEW TORK, Sept. 16.— The London tin
market was quiet and lower, spot declining
12 3 Ud to £120 10s. while futures were r>s
lower at £120 7s 6d. but in New York tin
was firm, with buyers at $27 40.
New York Metal Market.
STOCK MARKET.
The local demand for fruits was active, and :
prices of choice stock were firm, particularly •
during the early trade, when supplies were j
light. A large portion of the receipts came to
hand late, -and as a res-Jit there was quite a!
surplus of good stock unsold at the close, j
Peaches continued firm under continued light
receipts. The top quotation for small boxes
was obtained only for nne Strawberry freea |
from the mountain districts. Other varieties ;
sold from SO to 75c per box, as to quality.
Offerings, In large open boxes were rather easy, i
rh the dinners v.ere well supplied and pur
chased but little. Fancy Apples and Pears
continued to move freely at steady price.*, while
low-grade offerings were hard to dispose of.
Quince*, Pomegranates and Prunes were steady
at the previously quoted rates. The market
was overloaded with Figs, and prices were
unsteady, except for fancy offerings, which
found ready saie at good tlgures. Table Grapes
In crates were easy owlns to the absence of
demand for shipping, while offerings In lame
ami email boxes Fold well to the local trad"
at steady rates. Wine. Grapes were in ample
supply and easier, tho demand being limited.
The demand for Cantaloupes and Nutmeg Mel
ons was limited, but a3 receipts were light,
prices were sustained. Watfrmelons were,
scarce and continued to brlngfhtgh prices. Ber
ries were offering' freely at about previous
prices. Longworth Strawberries were offering
fruits are steady. Oranges have been
moving freely of lr.te under a good demand
for shipment to Honolulu, and Lemons and
Limes rule firm, owing to the warm weather.
The Panama pteamer brought up 255 boxes of
Limes, which had not been Inspected up to a
Strawberries — $1 so#3 for Maiindas
ami $4^5 for other large varieties; Long
worths. $506 per chest.
RASPBERRIES— $4B6 per chest.
BLACKBERRIES- $203 per chest for ordi
nary and %i 30@5 00 for fancy from Santa
r HUCKLEBERRIES— 6#7c per lb.
APPLES— l)Qc@$l 25 per box for fancy, 50®
75c for rood to choice and 25@4Cc for com-
m pEARS — Bartletts, $1 25@1 50; winter varie
ties, 4O@75c per box.
Ol'INCFS — 5C@C0c Per box. . ¦
FIGS— 4Cc@$l per box, according to size of
PRUNES— 5C@ 05c per crnte and 4Oig>50c . per
box: lar«re ODen boxes. G0e75c.
PF ACHES — Small boxes, 50c©$l: carriers,
75c©$l:' large open boxes, 05@85c: per ton, $209
10 for Clingstones and $25 for Solways.
¦POMEGRANATES— 75c«?*l per box.
GRAPES— Seedless, 75@00c per box; Isabel
la 7&4/'S5c per crate: other varieties, 3HQ60c
for small boxes; 50-gf75c for crates and 75c3*l
for large open boxes; Wine Grapes. $20@24 per
ton for ZInfandel. 'itTLl „,
MELONS — Cantaloupes. $1 25©2 25 per
crate; Nutmeg Melons. 75c#fl 25 per box; Wa
termelon.". 20<B35c each.
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges. %2 50@3 for fan
cy Vttlenclas. $1 75@2 25 for cholce^and *1 25®
1 50 for standard; Seedlings. $1@1 25; Lcmor.s,
S1E3 per box: Grape Fruit, $1 75@2 25; Mex
ican Limes, *«@9: Bananas, per bunch for
Central American and $1®1 75 for Hawaiian;
Pineapples, «2 50®3 uer dozen.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
WATER STOCKS.
Contra. Coata — — - [Port Costa. — —
Marln Co ... — — I Fprtns Val.. 83«V —
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L. & P. — » if-ac B O t R — —
Eqult Gas... — — 15 F G St E. C7% CStf
Mutual E L. XS% 13% S F Gu ... — —
Pac G Imp". M — [Stock O & E — —
Pac Lightlnar S5«4 — It: O * E — —
TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES.
F F G & E. 67% 6S
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd. — —
BANK STOCKS.
Am Natl Bk.lSO 124 ,L P & A ... — 172;*
Anglo-Cal .. — — Mer Trust . .23O —
Bank of Cal. — — Merch Ex . . — — ,
Tal Safe Dp. — — S F Nation! — — i
First Nationl — — I
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L. — — iSav A L. Soc n7tjlO3'i
Hum S & L. — — S«c 8a.v Bk. — —
Mutual Sav. — — [Union T Co. — —
t> F Sav U. — 7C0 I
STREET RAILROADS,
raltfornla .. — '•+ jPresldlo .... — 41
Ueary — — I
POWDER.
Eiant *4 65Vi;VJ s orit — »U
SUGAR.
liana P Co. 10c — iKilauea S C — —
Hawaiian C. 45 — tfakawell C. 20 234
lionokaa S C 13»i — pnomea 3 C. 30 —
Hutch S P C 13 13%|Paauh*u 8 C — 18^«
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack.ir>T>L,lJ«% ; Oceamc 3 C 6*4 T
tal Fruit As. 834 05 Pac A F A. 2\ —
tal Wine As. Wa 97%tFae C Borx.167 —
Mornlnr Session.
30 Alaska Packers' Assn 15* CO
10 Alaska Packers' Asm IS* 25
fd Alaska. Packers' Assn 15H 5O
10 Alaska Packers' Assn 157 7S
m Hawaiian Com & Sugar 45 00
11C0O Oakland Transit Con» 5s 103 CO
IWO Pacific Electric Ry 8s 110 25
85 S F G & E. trustees* certificate*. «8 00
Afternoon Session.
15 Alaska Packers" Asm 157 fO
15 Hawaiian Com & Sugar 43 0O .
S15 Honokaa Co 13 9O
10«» Mutual Electric Light 13 50
10 Pacific Gas Improvement M 60
S5S F Gas & Electric Co W Ort
5 Spring Valley Water &. S3 50
i5 S F G 4 E. trustees' certificates . 68 CO
California Stock and Oil Exchange
Stock— Bid. Asked.
! Caribou Oil Co 1 00 1 10
' Four Oil 67 70.
' Hanford OU 130 0O 132 CO
' Home Oil 85 «7'-i
; Imperial Oil 13 00
! Independence OU 17 19
] Junction Oil 20 21
Kern Oil 8 <">
' Lion Oil on 04
I Monte Olsto Oil 75 77 ! a •
i Monarch Oil 54 M
! OilQ'Ity Petroleum XO ol
! Pterlpss OU 13 50 ....
i Reed Crude OU 41
San Joaquin Oil o 8«> >-••
Sterling Oil 2 75 3 OO
I Thirty-three Oil T 25 7 75
f Twenty-eight Oil 4 OO
Union OU .S S2
United Petroleum 10O PO
West Shore Oil 2 00 3 25
Miscellaneous —
Abby Land & Improvement.. 1 20 1 4O
Alameda Sugar .... 29 00
American Biscuit * 88 0O 9» 00
American District Tel
Bay Counties Power ....
Cal Central Gas & Electric,
I Cal Cotton Mills 88 00 ....
j Cal Jockey Club 105 CO
I California Powder
• Cal Shipping Co 25 CO
! Cal Title Ins & Trust 130 00 110 CO
; Central Bank of Oakland ... 60 00 ....
Chutes Company
j City and County Bank
Cypress Lawn Imp Co •SO
Eaatern Dynamite
Kwa Sugar Plantation .... ••¦¦
Ga» Consumers' Assn 22 M
1 Honolulu Sugar .... 1S0O
i London ASF Bank (Ltd).. ! .... ....
I Mercantile Trust ..-•
; Northern Cal Power 850 950
! Nevada National Bank ....
: North Shore Railroad 9 CO ....
! Orpheum Company %. 15 00 — .
I Pactflc States Tel & Tel 123 50
! Paraf fine Paint 33 00
! Postal Device A Imp ....
! san Franclseri Drydock 47 00 ....
1 sausalltn Land &. Ferry 1* W
: Sperry Flour Co 27 50 SO fin
'Standard Klectric I* CW
i Trnckee Electric ...: lit 2.1 lrt OO
Union Sugar ' 22 50
United Gas A Electric 34 50 ....
Western Fish Co ....
OFFICIAL PALES.
Mornlnr Session.
Board—
200 Home M
10OO Monarch 65
lOOO Independence 1«
1 Hanford 135 00
1 Pittsburg 25
400 Sovereign W
10O Monte Crlsto 7*
SCO Alma 1 35
Stre«t—
375 Caribou 1C0
Afternoon Session.
Board—
. 10 Caribou 100
400 Occidental 1» '
Street —
4CO Occidental 19
2000 Associated 22
Mining Stocks.
. ,4
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK BOARP.
Following were the sales on th» San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Mornlnr Session.
20O Belcher 2« 1200 Exchequer .. 12
100 Caledonia ... 02 «0O Kentuck .... 03
10O Challenge Con 351 200 Mexican 1 OS
1 6O Con Cal & V.I 5-V ICO Seg B«tcher.. II
> j LOW Con Imperial. 05 1 100 Yellor Jack. 83
1 a. Afternoon Session. -
30O Alpha 09: *0O Oould A Cor.' 2»
ICO Caledonia - . . M 40° fJould A CUr. 3O
» 200 Caledonia ... 01 100 Mexican lift
lOO Con Cal A V.I 55 300 Overman .... 25
100 Confident* .. »« 200 Savage W
2C0 Con NT 10 SOO Yellow Jack.. 52
SCO Exchequer .. 12!
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the tales on th« Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Mornlnr Session.
S0O Belcher 23} 3CO Hale A Nor. A3
200 Challenge Con 33 J 400 Justice 09
3C0 Chollar 24 100 Ophlr 1 *3
100 Con Cal A Vil 65* 500 Potoat » 2S
inoo Con Imperial. Ofti 500 Savage 2*
500 Exchequer ... 121 200 UnU>n Con .. .65
Afternoon SessJon. ..C -'*•
20O Con Cal A V.I 50 30O Potoa! 25
COO Con Imnerial. US SCO S*vag« : 25
500 Gould. A Cur. SO 500 Savage 28
100 Mexican 1 10 200 Union Con ..67
, 200 Overman .... 26 200 Union Con . . 66
; TONOPAH STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San frrnn
cisco and Tonopah Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morninr Session.
» J00O Esperarza ... 03. 100 Ton * Cal... 25
100 Montana «lK200 Norta Star .. 46
lOO Pine Grove... 541
Afternoon Session.
200 Eula Con ... 30 100 Rescue ...... Id
400 Gtpsy Queen. 26 100 Ton * Cal... 25
300 MacNamara . 17 «W North Star .. 47
500 Mixpah Ex .. 34 200 North Btar .. 4»
8OO Montana .... 00 j 10O Korta 8tar .. 44
80O Ptne Grove .. 541
Open. High. Low. Close.
December 51 47U SI 47'. i $1 47 $1 47
2 p. m. Scsrlcn.
Open. High. Low. Clost".
December $1 UW. $1 4«% $1 4U% $1 4i>%
BAULKY — The cash grain advanced a frac
tion and futures were -also firmer.
CASH SARI.KT.
Feed. $1 13%(gl ltHi; Shipping and Brewing,
$1 20&1 25; Chevalier. 51 50 tor fair to
choice.
FUTURES.
Session 'J to 11:30 a. m.
Open. HiKh. Low. Close.
December *1 35 $1 10H $1 15 fl 15«&
2 p. m. Session.
Open. HiRh. Low. Close.
December $1 15 $1 15U 51 14a; 51 J5
OATS — Previous prices rule, with a quiet
and steady market.
White. $1 20^1 32H: BInck. $1 40^1 60:
Rf 1. $1 20&1 22 M for common and $1 25@1 35
for choice: Gray, fl C7% per ctl.
CORN— No further changes in quotations
arc reported. Tho market Is quiet and more
or less weak, with Western Corn coming in
almost dally.
Western, sacked, $1 42*$®1 45 for Yellow.
$1 42% for Whit* and ?1 40 for mixed: Cali
fornia large Yellow. $1 50® 1 55: small round
do. $1 70*Tl 75: White, $1 55 per ctl.
RYE— $1 2001 27% per ctl. .
BUCKWHEAT— *2 5£&©2 60 per ctl.
California Club. ?1 45fcl r.2%; California
White Australian, $1 554? 1 fit 1 : Northern Club.
$1 45ffl 50: Northern Blue Stem, fl 5531 57!A;
Oregon Valley, $1 52U.
FUTURES.
Session 0 to 11 :.'!0 a. m.
Chicago advanced from s2'-ac to S.T^c and
fell back again. The advance was caused
mainly by severe frosts in Nebraska and the
Northwest. The South Dakota farmers report
ed great damage to Wheat in the shock by ex
cessive rains. The Southwest were heavy
sellers.
There was nothing new in this market.
CASH WHEAT. -
WHEAT — Paris futures were firmer, while
Liverpol futures were weak. Hradstreet's
gave the world's visible supply an increase of
6.0i-?.fK;0 bushels.
Wheat and Other Grains.
The steamer Ventura, duo at this port from
Sydney September 2a, brings $1,250,000 In
sovereigns. „ ¦ .» • ¦•
Sterling Kxchange, sixty days ... — }| «ki
Sterling Kxchange, sleht'. — situ
PterllnR Exchange, cablgs ........ — \AJi7'fa
New York Exchange, sitrht — ¦ ' . ¦¦« 07 Va
New Tork Kxchange. telegraphic. — 10
Stiver, pf r ounce — 57 V4
Mexican Dollars, nominal — 47!£
Exchange and Bullion.
LOCAL MARKETS.
BUTTER— Creamery. 30C and occasionally
Sic for extras and 2U®2Sc for 9econds; dairy.
21Sr24c; store Butter. 17Vi@l!>c: cold storage.
24®2.V;; Eastern. 22i&24c per lb.
CHEESE — New. l?<?1.''.c: ; Young America.
13©14c; Eautein, lS^ltic; Western, 14315c
I>er lb. - • - - - , ¦
EQGS— Ranch. 3G#37 %c for large white se
lected and .'{0Q3CC for fair to choice: store.
22ViS27c; cold storage, 24©20c; Eastern, 22*4©
27^£e Der dnzen.
All descriptions remafn an before. Butter
is quiet, and the market Is steady at .lOv- and
weak at Mic* N'o close buyer, especially .of
round lots, pays ove»- 3Cc.
Th? situation In Cheese remains- an before.
Dealers are quoting all sorts of prices, some
of them being an much as l%c and even 2c
different from others. Under such circum
stance satisfactory quotations are extremely
hard to give. There Is no scarcity of stock,
and tome dealers are heavily overloaded.
Kgga remain precisely as before. Ranch aro
In light supply and firm, while many buyers
«r« taking the cheaper Eastern and cold stor
age jooils in preference.
P.fcclpts were 18,0<iO tbs Butter, 710 cased
Eprs and 10.."00 lbs Cheese.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
¦ .The third car of Western Poultry for the cur
rent week was received late on Tuesday: A
portion of the car was on hand yesterday and
denned up well at good prices. The receipts
of domesttc Btock were liberal, but as retailers
were stocking up in anticipation of a good de
mand for the approaching Hebrew holidays, all
descriptions moved off well at steady rates.
The demand for Ducks was particularly brisk,
and both old and young were quoted higher.
The receipts of Game were moderate, and as
most of the receipts came to hand in good
condition, prices ranged higher.
POl'LTKi'— Ygupk Turkeys, nominal: Geese,
ppt pair. $1 50® 1 75: Goslings, I2®2 25:
Ducks. $4f«5 per dosen for old and " Sr.wo
for yuurigr; Hen*. $1 JKVffK: young Koo*ters,
f5®0; old Roosters. $4 SQQ3; Fryers, $3 50#
i 50; Broilers, ?:<@3 50 for large and $2 r.(Kj;:
for Fmall: Pigeons. $1 50 per dozen for old and
(1 50^2 for Squabs.
GAME— Rabbits. $1 2.*W 75 per dozen; Hare,
$1@1 25; Wild Doves, 75'3'OOc per dozen.
Poultry and Game.
NEW YORK, Sept. 16.— The same Influences
that have daminated the stock markft for some
time past were- again In control to-day. The
crop situation continued to be the paramount |
lfsup and out of the mass of sensational rumors
and reports recently circulated it is at last clear
that eerious harm has been wrought to crops ,
in certain («ections of the Northwest. From
Georgia and Alabama came reports to-day of
demape to cotton by high winds and heavy
rainfalls. Trading during the early session was
noteworthy chiefly for a renewal of yesterday's
oago taking a leading part. As In the early
week, the tteel (¦¦ecurities were again conspicu
ous for their heaviness, both the common ttock I
and the 5 per cent bonds declining to new low
levrls. Sales of the bonds were very heavy,
tranntctions for the first two hours afnrrfgattnK ;
considerably mere than one-half of operations
tor that ix-riod In the bond department. I>e- !
cltr.es in the lift wer<> general at the outset, but ;
the tone p>x>n changed to relative steadiness.
Atchison wemed to be taken up quietly and
I'niun Pa< Iflt was another of the lew stocks
that offered resistance to the early selling pres
sure. Commission houses reported little busi
n«» and out of town operations were doubtless
curtailed by the storm, which caused serious
interruption to all telegraphic service. The
specialties were almost entirely neglected, a no
taLlf- exception bring International Paper pre
ferred, which i}ecli» -0 almoft U |«^r rent below
the laft recordc-d sale. Brooklyn Tranmt regis
tered & 2 i*r cent lose, but later made almost
recovery. At midday the market wan almost
at a standstill. A rally in no senpe proportion
ate to the early decline s<V)n followed on buy
ing attributed to important local interests, but
eupport was s-till lacking In the steel issues,
the common selling lower than In the morning,
while the bond» continued to be pressed for
Bale. Sugar, which has taken a place in the
inactive list. wa» sold for Boston Interests, it Ib
said. The steady tone of the late afternoon
was more attributable to short covering than
to any real haying demand.
The }.t*el bonds more than regained their loss
of the early part of the day. The local money
BttOttloa rcrcain'.-d unchanged. It is understood
that tho banks will lose at leaft $7, 400,000 in
the nwr.*" of the wefk.
There is a partial offset to this, however, in
additipnal Australian gold imports, another
Fhipment of $l,DCC',000 being now on the way to
th» Pacific Coast. Bankers believe that be
cajye of the easy rates for cell money the
Fcoretary of the Treasury will not anticipate
the f.1.50Q.0<J0 interest rtu«; on bonds October 1.
Korfipn exchange showed more steadiness at a
tlight advance.
The fond market was slightly lower this
morning, following the tharp break in United
f tates Steel second os. Thu tone Improved later,
but the close was irregular. Total sales.
$1.«1G,OGO. United States 2s, coupon, advanced
1 uer cent on the last call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares. High. Low. Close
Atchison 47.440 V,T>% CAU, alii
Atchison pfd 3,700 Jt() {to 8!I»I
Baltimore & Ohio.. 4, GOO 80% SO 8a4s
Bait & Ohio pfd . . 86
Canadian Pacific .. 1.100 122 121>£ 121%
Cent of N Jersey 153
Ches & Ohio 7,000 ri2^ 32 32U
Chi & Alton 255 22 1£ 22« 21 1,
Chi & Alton pfd... 100 GJtj C'iVi C3>4
Chi & c;t Western, l.fmo lt;i. 4 151*. icL
Chi & Gt W B pfd 500 2->5li 28 2»
Chi & N W 900 MO** 100 1«»
Chi Term & Trans o'A
Chi Ter & Tin pfd 20
C C C & ft Louis.. .Mxi 72 ~2 71
Colo Southern 430 13 " 1.1 13
Colo Sou 1st pfd... 110 51% 51% 51
Colo Sou 2nd pfd 20>4
Del & Hudson ' n;i '
Del I^ac k & West 235
Den & Rio Grande 100 23U 2.'J'-a 2°%
Den & Rio O pfd.. 200 77 77 75
Erie 7.400 2S% 27»* 2S%
Erie 1st pfd .» 2.300 O«Vi tiO (iC
Erie 2nd pi A .: 400 50 5O 4'.»%
Gt Northern ptd k;o
Hocking Valley (,-9
Hocking Val pfd 7g
Illinois Central 2*0 131 *i lrJlS 132 ii
Iowa Central 100 11)14 Ifli,* 19
Iowa Central pfd .. 100 30 % 3G% :t«
K c Southern .'. 21'4
K C Southern pfd -!7 Vi
Louisville & Nash. 7,100 lO.'^ 1O:JH ift'PA
Manhattan L 100 132% 132$ 133
Metropolitan St Ry 114yi
Minn & St Louis.. 100 r>7 57 5»;
Missouri Pacific .. 13,000 JK)% Hit% jtoVi
Mo Kan & Texas .. 200 10 ]J> jo'/.
Mo Kan & Tex pfd 200 40 40 39 Ti
Nat RR of Mex pfd 40&
N T Central 800 120T4 120U 120%
Norfolk & Western DOO 01 V* 61% M\,
Norfolk & West pfd . rs
Ont & Western ... 1,100 21 21 fi 22
Pennsylvania 4,500 12* 123(i 12r>>4
P C C & St Louis ;. ,;o
Reading 19,«W) 50% 49»i 50Vi
Reading 1st pfd .. 120 78 78 75
Reading 2nd pfd C5
Rock Island Co ... 18.300 2<>H 25»4 • 2«5V».
Rock Island Co pfd 100 0.1 C3 63
St Louis 4 S F r>4
St L * R F l»t pfd C5
Pt L & SF 2nd pfd f«00 50 4H% 4SU
St I^uis S W 510 15 15 14U
Ht Iyiuis S W pfd.. HOO 34% PAV. 34
st^Jpfd'::::::: 2 ;: 800 " 0?i 1<33% ig*
Southern Pacific .. 2,823 43% 43 435i
Southern Railway.. 2,fi50 21 Vi 21 Vi °li|
Southern "Ry pfd .. 500 84 S3% Hi
Texas & Pacific . 9515
Tol St L & West i' jo*
Tol St L & W pfd 20U
Union Pacific 49,200- 73'4 7214 7tW
Union Pacific pfd s^u
Wabash 1.200 20Vi 20 oo2
Wabash pfd 300 32% n2«/i 32U
Wheeling & L Erie 200 17^ 17 17
Wl»<-onsln Central . 400 17U 17 1714
Wisconsin Cen pfd „ ssS
Exprefs Companies —
Adam^ ? 303
American .... •"" ISO
United States '.'. 100
Wells-Fargo '. 210
Miscellaneous —
Amalgamated Cop.. 12.430 44% 4.1% 44%
American Car ft F. 2.000 30% T.OVS 80%
Amer Car & F pfd 1U5 81 >4 81'^ 81 14
Amer Linseed Oil . 300 II- lOVi io'
Amer Lin OU pfd . ..... 25
Amer. Locomotive . 900 18% 17^ isi^
Amer I>ocomo rfd R5 "
Amer Kmeit & R . «00 43 42% 43
Amer S & R pfd . . 225 00^J 80Vi 90%
Amer Sugar Rcfln. 5,400 lH»i 112U 112U
Anaconda MIn Co . 8!K) 77 7« 74
Brooklyn Rapid T . 24.IW2 3S»4 SfiVi 3S\4
<"olorado Futl & I. 120 43^i 43^i 43Vi
Columbus & Hock ,. 13%
Consolidated Gas . :O0 171 170% 170U
General Electric .. 200 158 157% 157%
International Paper .'. 12%
International P pfd 400 <55 61 C4
International Pump • ' 34%
International. P pfd 70
Xational Biscuit .... JW
National Lead 14%
North American .. 1.300 .75 74« 74
Pacific Mail 21
People's Gas ¦. ..¦ 03%
Pressed Steel Car . 530 38% ' 38 37%
Pressed Steel C pfd .... .... ; -7S
Pullman Palace C > -. 215
Republic Steel .... 100 10% 10% 10%
Republic Steel pfd 200 65 64ty 64%
Rubber Goods 300 lfl% I614 16
Rubber Goods pfd . 100 70 70 09
Tenn Coal & Iroa . 1,610 37% 36% 37
U S Leather 3f« 7H " 7%' " 7%
U S Leather pfd .. 100 79 79 ) 7«f%
U S Rubber .12
U S Rubber pfa .. 40
U S Steel 20 890 19ft 19H 19%
New York Stock Market.
OIL— Linseed. 44c for boiled and 42c for raw
in barrels- cases. !5c more; Castor OH, in case?.
No. 1. 70c; Bakers' AA. $1 10@l 12; Luool. 41c
for boiled and :K>e for raw In barrels; Lard Oil. j
extra winter strained, barrels, 00c: cases, ftoo; ;
China Nut M>#70e per gallon: pure Neatsfoot. |
in barrels. 78c; cases. W)c; Sperm, pure. 75c; j
Whale O!I natural white. SOtTSSr per gallon:
Flan Oil. in barrels. 45e; cases, 50c; Cocoanut I
Oil. In barrels, CSc for Ceylon and 53c for Aus- i
OIL — Water White Ccal Oil in bulk. !
14c- Pearl Oil In cases. 2O^c: Astral. 20U.c; i
Star 20V*c: Extra Star. 24>4c; £lalne. 26tjc; i
Eocene '23*4c; deodorized Stove Gasoline, in I
bulk 17c: In cases, 2314c: Benzine, in bulk, j
13c In cases, lotje: S6-degree Gasoline, in •
bulk. 21c: in cases. 27^c.
TURPENTINE — 7Sc per gallon In cases anil |
T^c In drums and Iron barrels. •
"RED AND WHITE LEAD — Red Lead. 6^ f
«V4c per lb: White Lead. 6SG^c. according to
qU RJCr>-Chlna No. 2, $4 »H<M 37*4; No. 1.
*5 7. r .95 W); extra No. 1, $6 4O5?« 50: Hawaiian,
$5 °5- Japan. $3 45<S6: Louisiana. $1 5OQ7.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb. in 100-Ib bags:
Cubes A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.«r>c:
Powdered 5.70c; Candy Granulated. 5.70c; Dry
Granulated, flne. 5.60c: Dry Granulated, coarse.
5 80c: Fruit Granulated. R.KOc; Bret Granulated,
(ioo-'.b bags only), — ; Confectioners' A. 5.60c; j
Mapnolia A. 5.20c; Extra C. 3-lCc; Golden C. j
5c- "D." 4.00c; barrels. 10c 'more: half b*»r- ;
rel«i 25c more: boxes. 5«c more; WVlb bags. :
10c more for all kinds. Tablets— Half barrels,
i 6.10c: boxes. O.Mc per lb. No orders taken for
] less than seventy-five barrels or its equivalent, j
j Receipts of Produce.
\ WEDNESDAY. SEPTEMBER 16.
Flour qr ska 12.562 Hops, bales ... C31
• Wheat ctis 300 Wool, bales ... 190
Barley' ctis ... .67.1-TO Hroomcorn. bals 1S5
Pats, ctis 3,550 Screenings, sks. 400
Heans, ctis 2,98'S Phorts. sks 23
Torn ctis »« [Pelts. No l«fl
Kye.'ctis ...... 1.605 jHtdw. No 211
Potatoes, sks .. 1.5.W I'ugar, ctla .... 3.000
Unions sks ... l.COO'^ulcksilver. fiks 'M
nran; 'sks 01 P Wine, gain 67.700
Middlings sks.. 1.05? r.eather. rolls .. S-T
I Hay. tens 1. IS.'. Tallow, ct's ... 0
f=traw, tons .-• .15 Lime. bbl» 1.T5
Feed, sks 115 rhicory. bbls .. 110
. EASTERN.
Corn, ctis 500
WASHINGTON.
Wool, bales ... 3
"Since the departure of the Sierra there have
been but three arrivals of coal from Australia,
viz: Rene Kerviier, 1179 tons; Scottish Locks.
3O4S tens, and Inverkip. 2H7O tons: tota.1. 7437
tens. Although the deliveries since last mall
have been extremely light, yet there is ample
Colonial here for all immediate requirements,
as there were twelve arrivals from August tt to
August 23. with 06,873 tons. We have forty
eight vessels named tc bring coal from Sydney
»nd Newcastle (over 145.f*>9 tons capacity):
twenty-nine of tfi*"" are now enroute. but every
vessel already chartered is anticipated- to bo
here this year. Freights from Newcastle are
reported advancing, but little business is being
flone at asking rates: Colonial grades at their
present cost cannot compete with the British
Columbia products: the present steamer freight*
en the coast are exceptionally low. with every
probability of their remaining so. But few
changes from coal to oil are now beinr made.
«s the advanced cost of fuM oil Jravrs a
smaller advantage to consumers than formerly;
furthermore. If Congress retains coal on th«
free Ilet nft?r January IS. 190-J. It U question
able if coal will not withdraw a lane* number
or st-»am consumers bark to Its fold. Local fuel
values are not materialy modified. ' Our re
rent spell of warm weather has minimized th*»
coal cor.sumrtlon for, house uses; this will N>
doubled within the next two months. For man
ufacturing the demand for steam fuel Is active,
with every Indication of an increase If present
values are sustained."
Harrison's circular says
BAGS— Grain Bars. SgSHc; San Quentln.
5.65c:-Weol Bags. 32^33c; Fleece Twine. 7 J £®
8<?: Cctton Fruit Bags. 6*4c. «%c and 7^c for
the three gradew: Brown Jute, 6«4©7V»c.
COAL— Wellington. $8 p»r ton; New Wel
lington. $8: Seattle, *6 50; Bjyant. $6 50; Bea
ver Hill. $5 50; Stanford, ?7; Roslyn, $7; Coos
Hay, J5 R): Greta, J7: Wallsendj *7; Rich
mond, $7 50: Cumberland,. $13 in bulk and
*14 25 In sacks: Welsh 'Anthracite Egg. *!•>:
Welsh Lump. $11 50; Cannel. $8 CO per ton;
Coke. $11 GO-tJl-'S per ton In bulk and $15 In
sacks: Rocky. Mountain descriptions, $8 45 per"
2000 lbs and $>f 50 per ton. according to brand.
General Merchandise.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Salmon Shipments in August.
. The experts of Salmon from San Francisco
<2urlrg the month of August were as follows:
Cases. Pkgs. Value*.
Hawaiian Islands . .. C32 5J»»S $7,373
t^amoan Islands G7O 35 1 ,853
»w Zealand «2-"J ... 2.55X
AuetrhJia 7K ... 305
Tahiti^ 406 4S 1.M4
njl Islands 77 ... 205
Noumea 30 ... <»«
• 'arollne Islands 25 ... 105
Bismarck Islands 205 10 561
Mrxico 20H ... «<;fl
Central America S» ... js
<~clombla l«i) ... 4*-i
Jk-uador lt» ... r.VJ I
I^ru J44 ... 3Z1
<Tiiie zi:, ... osa
• '.Ihina M ... - io<»
i:«pt Indies 4s5 ... 1 ri4:«
I'hillrpine Islands 20 ... ss
Jamaica 14 ... si;
Trinidad Island SO ... "«0 \
New Vork 2o0 ... S7."> I
Kiyrland 475 ... 1.425 '
Korea 2 ... 3|
Totals 5.O1» Bi*l J21.7P9
In Augoft. 1W>2. the exports were 4S53 cases
an.1 397 packages, valued at f22,572.
Fall Business Outlook.
THE HARVEST IS THE PRINCIPAL FAC
TOR AT THE MOMENT.
The n»w York circular of Henry CIrws says
"Cnquestionably thfre are a number of gooj
railroad shicb are selling l>flow in
trinsic value. «vcn after making full allow
«.uce for the diftV-r^nceF fwtwe^n conditions now
end two years ago. Nobody will deny that a
t^hrir.kaje of ZO to Z-O per cent in values, lu
\ol\ing lOK«?g of ever *3.v<jO. 000.000 during that
I* riod. U tar b«>>ond any changes, present or
1'iojsptctive. in the business or industrial situa
tion, i^ach a decline r»-rr»f=<>nte»i ab*olut«My
iv.thing »>ut the «-xlrf-n-,itie» <it th* financia'l
i umillimlty. nr.4 now that thpsv seem to have
t-«=«»i reCForiably a<1jU8t*-d th«"re Is nothlne to
jr-vent values recoveriSC their normal level
bet money, crop and LutUicss profjwcu;. Should
tbeae piw* favorable we are likely to see a
}...*d rally in prices during the next few
ni< r.thy, though, on the other hand, any di&iiE
l"-r in the»^ quart»rf would urobably force a
i<w«»l of O-<" <!ec'ine.
"Jufi now the hnrx»i=t if the rhief consldera
tic.n. T^ie tmik of the corn crop is now free
«•- danger from froft and in another two weeks
th- «T.yw< 1 *"!«t£«ilV Jw. safe. The BtpttDObet
rejMHt of fh* t*»f»«rtm«"nt of Agriculture, just
ii-iUcd. indlciitts a yi^ld of 2.2V«.}«u0.0<«> bui-h
> \r, affainrt S.SZi.W.'.WMi buphels, last year's
««<crd har\'eFt. and crops arc- lndl
<aied a!I around. Cotton also has thus far
b> <r fi n.un*i«» In cscaphy: from frost damage.
This U nut a record lir*akir.g crop year, but
th*n» is t>romif of plestjr for home and for
«xiort at pood prices, which ceans a profitable
liiap-n to th« farmers, and that U vastly more
»>!v«nUCTouf to the counirj' ap a whole than
• x< .-.•Fslvfly big crops at unprofitable fl»rur<-».
A\: Bdvlcc-s from both South and Wr-st Indicate
that the farming classes are exceedingly pros
pttoom.
"How will this affect the monetary situation
which hat been a tource of anxiety throughout
thr yr*r? Exj^rience rbowa that clsncus aj
I'rnp foiesecn as this are usually much dimin
ish«rd »ti"n th»-y arrive, if net wholly pre
vented by anticipation. The IVeat, In spite of
its growing Ind'-i^ndpnce, will unqupftionably
ir.akf lprse demands ur»on the Ka?t for fund.i
to rtxf^l the croiiw, and this movement has al
ready b*cun. It is unfortunate that recent
liquidation did not rf*Ti!t in any material
i^trpn|rthcT;1njr of bank rest-rvep. and it is quite
iikeljr that eharp flurri*-* may tie incurred in
the money market before the t«-turn currency
movfiner.t' txglns In the early winter months.
V*ry sc*n we shall be Importing gold from
Eurcpe. thouch the advance in the Hank of
Knjrland rate will probably shift cur demands
upon Paris, that being the mon likely point of
relief. Both London and Berlin have obliga
tions to meet that will prevent our making de
xnand* upon those centers, but cur credit abroaJ
Is rood and our borrowings there have been
inu<~h reduced, thus facilitating our getting
fresh accommodation.*. The advance in the
Ttank nf England rate p*ms likely to delay
poia lmjjorts somewhat, but by the beginning
of next month at least the precious metal
ought to be moving this way. Europe requlrts
c>ur cotton vrry badiy. and as soon as the new
<-rop is available we. may expect considerable
shipments at good pricec, the recent br»ak. of
course, being favorable to an export demand.
'"The general busineF's Fituation is excep
tionally sound. Wall rtreefs r.ntlcs have pro
«uct»<l an unusually conservative feeling in
buFirsess circles, and that if excellent Insurance
arsJnst excesses during the coming season.
Thfr<! are nlgnr of reaction Jn the Iron trade.
tit- demand? of the railroads and building enter-
T'ri!*» <lin-.in!sh, but elpcwhcf there are no signs
of contraction, except in cotton manufacturing.
*her« the cotton corner ' xatci rat^rl the effects
of an actual scarcity of cotton. The effect of
thes* tendencies is already shown In clearini;
hr>u!)e returns, which in Augurt Fhowed a fl>
c-li-ne of 11 r«T o»>nt compared with last year
for the ?•ntir* countr>'- It Is significant, how
*ver. that th» rhrlnkage was confined en
tirely to the Middle Atlantic States, the West
ern and Southern States stiU reporting satis
factory gains, the Pacific States leading. New
York Is frtlll headquarter* for despondenry. the
August clearings here dpclinin)r J7 per cent,
wfcS4* all other cltlee outside of Neiv Vork com
bired rho»"H an Increase of over 4 per cent.
"The Ftoflc markrt outlook, all things con
feiaerf-d, is fairly encouraging. A more hopeful
f»^lin«r prevails in banking circles, though con
servatism is still the policy there."
Weather Report.
rismh MeriCIan— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Sept. 1C— 5 p. m.
THE COAST RECORD. ~
a js 1\ H p I
fTATIONa ff ?g t% ?§ ?** |
' * . : I ¦"'¦ I •
Tslfcer S0.2B 70 S2 NB near Ton
• 'arson 30.10 7<t 34 W Clear .O">
Kureka 30.10 72 B0 NW Clear .0O
Karallon 3O.rt7 «1 S5 NW Clear .00
Krfpno 2n.flS 94 H2 SW Cl^ar .00
I'b>R>taff 30. m CA 42 E Cloar j .00
Ind'-p^nden'-e .WI.I2 ~H 4H E Pt Cldy .00
Ix>» Anr'!ei>..30.nO M M W Clear .00
Bit. Tarnalpats.10.11 61 RW Clear .fW
Nort.Ii Hrad...30.14 70 54 N Clear .00
Phoenix 23. Mi 94 &S SW Clear .00
P.icatello 30.24 «8 2S W Clear .00
P«*rtland SO. 10 «2 f>2 NE Clear .00
Poin* Ro"ei-..SO.On 75 M "W Clear .00 :
Red Cluflf S0.«M SX 5« FE Clear .no
Hoseburg 30. 0« R4 40 N Clear .00
Sacramento ..30.02 f>0 '» NW Clear ¦-' -.00
Salt Lake ...SO. 2 4 «0 3«t NW Clrar . «;:'.O0 ¦
San FTancIsco.SO.OTvJa CO W <1«ar .00
fi. L. Obiepo..n0.O4 K2 44 S Clear- .00
Kan Diego ...29. »8 R2 58 NW Cl^ar .00
v. a? i u, :ui.SA 72 42 NW Clear .<O
Kpokan«» 30.28 «« 36 NE Clear .00
Tatoosh 30. 1R M 48 NE Clear .00
Walla Wal!a.30.20 74 4(J NW Clear .00
Winnetnucca .»).!« 74 32 SW Clear .00
Yctca. 23.a« 96 GO Nff CleAT .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FOHECAST.
The weather continues clear over the entire
m-*istern half of the country. The pressure
h»« fallen elowly over Oregon and Washing
ton. Much warmer »-eather prevails In Xe
ve^la and Southern California. In the great
valleyB the temperatures are favorable for fruit
drying and raisin making. A maximum wind
v«loclty of thirty-two miles per hour from the
east Is reported at El Pa«o.
Pleasant weathT prevails at sea off the en- .
tSr« Caiirorcia coast.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
bour*. rntfing midnight, September 17:
Northern California— Fair Thursday, contin-
ued warm weather: light northerly wind.
Southern California — Fair Thursday, contin
ued warm weather; light westerly wind.
Nevada — Fair Thursday, continued warm.
Pan Francisco and vicinity— Fair Thursday:
light northerly winds, changing to brisk west
erly; cooler In the afternoon and night.
ALEXANDER G. JlcADIK.
District Forecaster.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady: creamery, 15@20c; dairy,
13#17%c. Eggs, firm at mark, 17@18c.
Cheese, steady, lCigllVic.
Foreign Futures.
• . . LIVERPOOL. . .
Wheat— Sept. ¦ Oct. Dec.
Opening 6 4'/S 6 5V» 6 6t;
Closing 6 5 6 6«i 6 6^4
PARIS.
Wheat — i Sept. Jan.-Apl.
Opening 21 05 21 30
Closing 2110 2135
Flour —
Opening 30 SO 2S 40
Closing 30 45 . 28 C5
Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Sept. IB.— CATTLE — Receipts,
21,000; Ui<&20c lower. Good to prime steers,'
f5 40>g'6; poor to medium. $3 9O@5<25; stock
ers and fepders. ?2 40® I 15; cows. $1 5004 60;
heifers ?2@4 80; canners. 51 50@2 60; bulls,
$3 6O@4 10; calves. ?1 30@7 10; Texas fed.
I steers. $3tf?4 40; Western steerR, $3 25@4 40. \
HOGS— Receipts to-day. 20,000; io-morrow,
20,000. Market 5^10c highfr. Closed easier.:'
Mlx«>d and butchers'. S3 «5@6 30; good to I
j choice heavy $5 O.VfTS 2O; rough heavy $5 GO
I flO; light ?5 75®0 35; bulk of sales. $5 85
66 10. . i
SHEEP— Receipts. 25,000; market- for sheep,,
strong. 5@lOc higher. Lambs. 10®15c higher.-
Good to choice wethers. $-T 2B,«4 2»: ¦ fair to
choic» mixed. $2 25S-1 2fi: Western sheep. $2 73
<fr3 75; native lanibo, ?3 50@.tj; Western lambs
f 3 50®5 45.
Nczv York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK. Sept. 16.— The v cotton market
I opened firm at an advanc<! of 1<^)4 |Kiints. clos
ing net llij?19 points higher, with the tone very
steady. . , .
St. Louis Wool Market.
\ ST. LOUIS. Sept. 1«>. — Wool, steady; medium
grades, combing and clothing, ir,<921c; light
j fine. 15^17^c; heavy fine, 12^144c; tub
washed. 'J0#30e.
London Wool Sales.
.LONDON. Sept. IB.— The wool auction" sales
¦were continued to-day. A superior selection
Of 13.707 bales was offered. Scoureds were -in
spirited demand and practicably all wero sold
to France and Germany.
Sf>me medium and coarse lots were taken for
America.
Northern Business.
SEATTLE. Sfpt. IB. — Clearings, $715,615;
balances J 50. 220.
TACOMA. S»pt. 16.— Clearings. S357.550"
balances S41.OS2.
"PORTLAND. Sept. 10.— Clearings, Sr>91,SS7
balances. *S3,722 . / * '
SPOKANE, Sopt. 1C— Clearings, $33G.7C6;
balances, $41,220.
Northern Wheat Market.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Sept. l'i— Wheat — Unchanged;
Bluestem. S2c; Cluh. 78c.
OREGON. '
' PORTLAND, Srpt. IK.— Wh?at — Walla Wal
la. 77r; Bluestem. 81c; Valley, 80c.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered In San Francisco, less 50
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers. 8©9c: Cows and Heifers,
7S"Sc; thin Cows, 4®5c per pound.'
CALVES — l@5%c per potma (grosa weight).
SHEEP — Wethers. 3^@4e; Ewes. 3®3Hc per
pound (gross weight).
LAMBS— $2 75@3 per head.
HOGS— Live Hogs. 150 to 250 lbs. 6c: under
150 lbs. 5^@5Tsc; Sows. 20 per cent erf; Boars,
r.d per cent off. and Stags. 40 per cent off, from
above quotations. •" i • * ¦
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF — 687c for Steers and S&6c per lb
for .'Cow«. .•-•--.
VEAL— Large, *HGS%c; small. 0©10c per
pound. t . ¦ ¦- ->
MUTTON— Withers. 7H«5«c. with flna
stock occasionally 9c; Ewes. 7GSc per pound.
LAMB — OglOc per pound. ¦ •
PORK — Dressed Hon./ S%©fl\ie per pound.
LIVESTOCK MARKET. -
The market Is running along smoothly," the
demand and supply about balancing.
Meat Market.
.VEGETABLby— .Green Corn, JLl@i 60 per
faek; crates from Alameda, $1 25@1 75; from
Berkeley, 75c"ij?l 35: Green Peas, S^.ic per lb;
String Beans. 2Vi<&3c per lb; Wax. ' 2li<@3c;
Lima Beans. 2S2»Ac per lb; Tomatoes. 4Og>7."ic
per box; Summer Squash, 2."i@40c per box;
Cabbage; 753»SJ>c per etl; Carrots. 75c per sack;
Cucumbers, 25@40c per box; Pickle Cucumbers,
3@3^c for No. 1 and Ig2^c per lb for others;
Garlic, 2@3c per lb; Green Peppers. 30i@5Oo
per box or sack: Green Okra. 25@40c per box;
Efef? Plant. af»ig50c per box; Marrowfat Squash,
( 10^12 Der ton. ' '• , . ¦-
The Potato market was slenderly supplied
and active, but prices were no higher. Sa
linas ruled firm and were well cleaned out of
first hands. Receipts from the river wer«
light, as one of the boats arrived very late.
Sweet Potatoes w^re offering freely and prices
were shaded. Onions, like Potatoes, were in
light; receipt and steady, although supplies
were sufficient to satisfy the demand.
Offerings of all descriptions of Vegetables
were liberal and the movement continued mod
erately active. Green Corn was steady and
Tomatces were firm in the early morning, with
occasional sales of desirable offerings reported
at S5c per box. The • market, ¦ however, /weak
ened upon the receipt of fresh supplies later in
the day and the general run of offerings sold
within the qucted range.. Green Peppers were
In, rather light supply and steady, while Okra
and Egg Plant" were abundant and easy. String
and Lima Beans were offering more freely
than on the preceding day and prices were
shaded.. . The demand, however, ¦ was good at
the easier prices.
POTATOES — liurbanks from the river eOetf*
$1 per- etl, -with «ome fancy higher: Salinas
Burbanks. $1@1 4O per ctl; River Reds. 80c®
$l.per ctl: Sweet Potatoes, $1 5O@l C5 per ctl.
ONIONS— 50@65c per ctl. . ¦
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Local securities qukt and featureless.
Wall street stocks weaker on frosts in the Corn belt.
Silver and Exchange as previously quoted.
Wheat quiet and unchanged. Barley firmer.
Oats, Corn and Rye as previously quoted.
Hay and Feedstuff s in ample supply for current needs.
Bean crop looking zccll in the north and poorly in the south.
Butter, Eggs and Cheese quiet and unchanged.
Provisions weaker again at Chicago, but unchanged here.
Cattle, Sheep and Hogs unchanged. .
Local Coal supply sufficient for all present needs.
Potatoes in lighter supply and active.
Offerings of all Vegetables liberal. Onions steady.
Poultry and Game moving off ivcll.
Good Fresh Fruit in excellent demand.
More gold coming this way from Australia.
TJ S Steel pfd 11.400 60% 67 69
Western Union ... 462 83}i 83% 83
Total chares sold. 315,700
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK. Sept. 16.— Bond transactions
In United Railroads of San Francisco: 5000 at
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s reg..lO8% Mex Cent As ... 72%
Do coup 109 Do 1st Inc .... 15%
Do 3s reg 108 Minn & S L 4s.. 06
Do coup 108 'M K & T 4s 97%
Do new 4s reg.135% Do 2ds '.. 78
Do coup 135% N Y Cent g 3%s. »5%
Do old 4s reg..l01> IN J Cent g 5s 128
Do coup 110 [Nor Pac 4s 101
Do 6s reg 101%' Do 33 ,.. 71
Do coup 101% Nor & W c 4a ..97 ¦
Atch gen 4s 99% Read Gen 4s 94%
Do adjt 4s 90 ,S L & I M c Os.lt Mi
Balto & Ohio 4s.l01% St L & 8 F 4s.. 92
Do.1^9 02%|St L 8 W lsts 93
Do Conv 4s ... 08 Do 2ds 72*; .
Canada So 2ds ..105% 8 A & A P 4s... 76%'
Cent of Ga 5s 105 Southern Pac 4s.. 86%
Do 1st Inc .... 74%'8outhern Ry 5s.. 113
Ches & O 4%s ..101% Tex & Pac lsts.. 114% i
Chi & Alton 3%s. 73%'Tol St L & W 4s. 71
C n & Q n 4s.. 02% Union Pac 4s 90%
C M & S P g 4s.HU Do conv 4s ... 91V4 !
Chi & N J W c 7s. 130% Wabash lsts 114%
iCRUP 4*... 100 Do 2ds 105% j
; /.' C C & S L g 4s f»5*i Do Deb B 57V4 I
|'<'hi Term 4s 73% West Shore 4s . .1O3VJ0
: «"oio & So 4s ... Kliil Wheel & l e 4s. s<» !
i n 4 r o 4i r»3*iiu'is cent 4s «n;
; Erie prior Hen 4s. DOT;, ;Con Tob 56% !
Do gen 4s 83 Colo F * 1 78%
i Ft W & D C lsts.102 iManhattan 101 Vi '
Hocking Val 4Us.lO5 III S Steel 75',i I
Rock Island 4% .. 72^ Pennsylvania .... 95V4 !
L & N ITni 4s.. m%'
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 10,LtttIe chief on {
Alice 17'Ontario 5 00;
Breece 15 Ophlr 1 75
Brunswick Con .. 03 Phoenix OS
Comstnck Tunnel... 07 Potosl 22
<'on Cal & Va...l 40 Savage 2::
Horn Silver 1 00 Sierra Kev fiO
Iron Silver 1 4<i Smnll Hopes 20'
Leadvllle Con 02 Standard 2 00 |
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS. I
Cons for monpy.. S'J IN Y Central 124*4
Cons for account. K»t* Norfolk & Westn. 63%
Anaconda ........ 3% I Nor & W pfd S)1
Atchlson Oi-T-i [Ontario & %Vestn. 22";, v
Atchison pfd S»2'/~ | I'ennsylvania t>>-"ji
Halt & Ohio IC4 Rand Mines U'~
Canadian Pacific. 125 r ;& Reading 25% j
Ch»s & Ohio TUJ'/i Reading 1st pfd.. 40U-
Chgo « Western. KiVa Hpading 2d pfd... 34%
Chgo, M & St P..144U Pouthprn Ry 2»£
I)<? Beers 2Oi/i Southern Ry pfd. ST^.,
I>en\Vr & Rio Gr. 24^, Southern Pacific, -ii'/,
I> &. R G pfd. NO Union Pacific . 79:*
Erie 29 T'nion Pacific pfd. 88%
Krle 1st pfd ti7% IT S Steel 20^
Erie 2<i pfd R'_> i; s steel pfd 70 U
Illinois Central... 13C Wabash ... 21
iAniisvl & Nash..imi' y Wabat-U pfd s:i
Mo, Kans & Tex. lll->4
Bar Silver, Steady. 2(>%d per ounce. Money.
3^3% per «.-ent. The rate of discount In the
open market for short bills In 37£ per cent, and
for throe months' bills 3 15-1(1 per crnt.
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— u S Steel pfd . . . 6S
fall loans 4 (gS Mining —
Tim* loans 8«4ytj Adventure 5
Bonds— Allouejs 4s:
j Atrhison 4s $17*; Amalghn^ted 44-%
j Mexlrnn Cen 4s .. 714IBinghPffl %\%
Railroads— Calumet & Hecla.450
Atchison «!5 r-«nt«>nnial lt$ti
I AtoJilson pfd K>% Copier Rant* !i5»i
Hoston & Altwny.SSO Dominion Coal ... 71 '
Hoston gz Maine .\m Kranklln 81 » 4
Boston Klovated .ISfl Isle Royale . 7
N Y. N H ft H . . lfmj Mohawk 40
Knlon Parltlc 7-^ Oscola 50
I Mexican Contra! . 10"v I'artT't 1!)
Miscellaneous — jQuincy s$
American ,-^uirar .112'4 .^anta F» Copper . 1U
Amer Susar pfd .112H Tamarack S8
Amer TeJ A Tel ,lis% Trinity tf
Dominion I & S .131 Tutted States .... 1S%
General Electric ,15ft t'tah 2!fVi
j Mass EIcc 15*J Victoria .-{v
i Mass tlec pfd H.d% Winona 7
J Inited Fruit 101 Wolverine 63
V S Steel 19%
Mew York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK, Sept. 16.— KLOUH— Receipts.
17.SOO barrels; exports, S38S barrels: market
dull, but firmly held.
WHEAT — Receipt?, •SO.TO bushels; spot, dull;
No. 2 red. 7K? sC f. o. b. afloat; No. I Northern
Duluth. n:{?.',c f. o. b. afloat; No. I hard Man
itoba, Oli^e f. o. b. afloat. Option? with
other markets, opened firm and higher' closing
ttQ*iC net lower on realizing. May closed at
S8%c: September cloecd at 8&Jic; December
closed at SS*ic
HOPS— Steady.
HIDES— Steady.
PETROLEUM— Steady.
WOOL— Cuiet.
SI'GAR — Quiet; refined, steady.
COFFEE — Spot, quiet. Futures closed steady,
with net unchanged prices to 5 points higher:
sales, 27,750 bags, including October, 4.200
4.25c; November, 4.25£4.3Oc; December, 4.50
(?I4.»X)c; March, 4. 00c; May, 4.U5c; July, 5®
5.05c.
DRIED FRUITS.
KVAPORATED APPLES — The market is
quiet. The new fruit arriving is of ordinary
quality and prices favor buyers with quota
tions ranging from 5%c to 5%'c for prime,
October-November delivery. Common 4<g5c;
prime. CU(tS%e; choice. <3%c; fancy, «%«J!Vic.
PRUNES — In moderate demand and the gen
eral market shows little change, with prices
still ranglne from 3 Vic to 7c for all grades
APIilCOTS — Remain firm; choice are quoted
at 9«i@!*%c; extra choice, 9ji<§10'ic; fancy
10%!512e.
PEACHES— Steady, with a quiet demand
choice quoted at 73i87%<S and extra choice
at 7«i@8«.ic
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell
about l%c under Quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers, 8»ic; medium. 8%c; light. 8c: Cow
Hides; 8c for heavy and 8c ror llsht; Stags,
6c; Salted Kip. 8%c; Salted Veal, 9%c;
Salted Calf. 10c: dry Hides. 15@15%c; dry Kip.
13c; dry Calf. 17c; Sheepskins, shearlings. 25®
30c each; phort wool. 4Ofi5Cc each: medium. 70
©00c; lonr wool. S14T1 SO each: Horse Hides,
salt. $2 75 for large and $2@2 50 for medium,
$1 25<?1 75 for small and 60c for Colts; Horse
Hides, dry. $1 75 for larre and $1 Cfc for me
dium. $1@1 25 for small and 50c for Cotts.
Buck Skins— Dry Mexican. 32%c: dry salted
Mexican. 26c; dry Central American. 32%c.
Goet Skins — Prime Anjroras. 75c; large and
smooth. 60c; medium. 35c; small. 2Oc.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4%©4%c per lb:
No. 2, 4@4 He;' grease. 2%@3c.
WOOL— Fall clip— San Joaquin Lambs'. 0®
12c; Foothill. 10®12c; Middle County. HS13c.
Quotations for sprlnjc clip are as follows:
Humboldt and Mendoctno. lS®2Oe; Nevada. 13
015c: Valley Oregon, fine, isaioc: do, medium.
17©lSc; do, coarse, 16@17c per lb.
HOPS— 22026c per lb, with growers disposed
to hold for 28c.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
There is nothing new In the situation.
The circular of the Schultz-Hansen Company
gives the stocks of Beans on hand In the State
at 231,000 sks, as follows: Llmas. 95.000 sks;
large and small Whites. 80.000 sks: Blackeyes.
27,000 sks; Pinks, 20,000 sks; Bayos, 5000 fks;
miscellaneous, 4000 sks.
The crop In Northern California is reported
looking well, but as previously mentioned the
Lima crop In/ the South has been damaged by
the recent hot weather.
BEANS— Bayoa $3@3 15; Pea. $3 25: But
ters. $3 25: smalfWblte $J®3 10; large-Whlte.
$2 50@2 65; Pink. $2 8003; Bed, $2 D0@3;
Lima. $3 40@3 50; Red Kidney*, nominal;
Blackeye. $2 50@2 60 per ctl; Horse Beans.
$ 1 40^1 50.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard nominal; Tellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax. $1 70©l 80; Canary,
5<gP0%c for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal; Rape,
1%@2%c; Timothy 6@6%c; Hemp. 3\4@3%c
per Ib; Millet. 3@3»/ic; Broom Corn Seed, ?20@
23 per ton. ....
DRIED PEAS— Green. $1 80@2 per ctL
# Beans and Seeds.
rels. pure. HOllUc: 10-lb tins. llVi®HHc:
5-lh tins. 11 Her 3-lb tins. U%c
COTTOLE.VE — One half barrel. 9%c: three
half barrels, »%c: one tterce, »«»c: two Uerces.
9Hc; five tterces. 9%o per 1b.
Clover, $8 50@ll : Stock;$8©0; Alfalfa. $9 50®
10 50 per ton
STRAW— 35®65o per bale.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 17. 1903.
higher: No. 2 red wheat, 8094©82%c: No. 2
corn, 52%c; No. 2 yellow, 64c; No. 3 white
Oats. 37%@3t>M>c; No. 2 rye. 57@5S%c; good
feeding barley, 48S51c; fair to choice malting,
53g59c; No. 1 flaxseed. $1 04; No. 1 North-i
western. $1 00; prime timothy seed, $3 11);
mess pork, per bbl, $13 60@13 65; lard, per 100
lbs. $9 35@0 37%; short ribs sides (loose). $8 75
@8: dry salted shoulders (boxed), 6%@6%c:
short clear sides (boxed). 8%@8%c; clover, con
tract grade, $9 75©10. nominal. » ,
Articles— ' Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 34,105 6.300
Wheat, bushels 207.150 14.545
Corn, bushels 763,200 244,335
Oats, bushels 329,150 160,851
Rye. bushels" 10.350
Barley, bushels 149.477 10.400
Articles — Open. High. Low. Clone.
Wheat No. 2 —
September (new) 81% 81% SOU RO-%
December 83 83% R2H 82%
May 84% 84% 83% 84y 4
Corn No. 2 —
September ..... 52% 52% .62% K%
December 52% 52*i fi2 52%
May 52% 52% 52% 52%
Oats No. 2 —
September 37% 37% 37% 37%
December ..... 38% 38% 38% 38%
May 40 40Vi 30% 40%
- Mess Pork. per bhl—
September 13 «0 13 60 13 60 13 60
October :. .13 S5 13 87% 13 72% 13 77%
May . IS 82% 13 87% 13 75 13 82%
Lard, Der 100 lbs — ' ¦
September 9 30 0 40 0 80 » 37%
October ....8 40 8 40 8 30 8 37%
January 7 45 .- , 7 45 7 35% 7 42%
Short Rlbes Sides, per 100 lbs—
September ..... 8 00 son 8 00 K 05
October » 05 . 9 10 9 00 » OS
January 7 17%' 7 17% 7 12% ..7 15
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, 20c
Continued on Pa jo Thirteen.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
11
AUCTION gALES
Jfei fe i**
Auction Sale
40 head BROKEN and UNBROKEN MARE3
and GELDINGS. Suitable for all purposes.
Consigned from Slskiyou and Lassen CountlM.
Sale. Takes Place
Monday, September 21, 1903
At 11 a. m. at
SALESTARD. 1732 MARKET ST.
FRED H. CHASE A CO..
Livestock Auctioneers.
Horses now at yard.
£a SALE EXTRAORDINAIY. fe
AUCTION SALE
O F
HIGH-CLAS3. STANDARD-BRED MAKES,
COLTS. FILLIES AND GELDING3.
From the Meek Estate, IMywards. Alameda. Co.
Comprising the get of McKlnney. Direct.
Hawthorne. Guide. Sidney. Fallia. Richards.
Elector. Win. Harold. Welcome. Azmoon and
Steinway, / •
And OABILAN STOCK FARM, property of
HON. JESSE D. CARR, Salinas. Monterey Co.
Stallions. Mares, Colts and Fillies, by Nut-
wood Wilkes, Dictatus, Lottery. Eece. Mam-
k brlno Jr., Fairmont*. Boodle and. Ther. a son of
Electioneer. A very large proportion of the
horses in this sale are thoroughly broken and
can be driven by any one. To be sold by elec-
tric lirht.
TUESDAY EVENING. September 29. 1903.
At 7:45 o'clock, at
SALESYARD. 1732 MARKET ST., cor. Vta
Ness ave., San Francisco.
Send for catalogues. Horses at yard Septem-
ber 26. Will be shown at farm. Haywarda and
Salinas, at any time prior to that date.
FRED H. CHASE ft CO.,
Successors tn KIU1» & Co..
. LtvMtocK Anetloneer».THE SAN FKAKCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 17, 1903.
12
HELP WASTED MALE—- Com.
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AOENCY,
_ 520 Sacramento st.. 620.
Phone Main 1191. Cor. Leldesdorff st.
ASTORIA — OREGON — near PORTLAND.
S All winter's Job. FEE $1.
T Fare $3, with berth and meals.
0 25 laborers, $51 fd.; 25 rockmen, $39
R fd.; company work; no discount.
1 We are the only office shipping.
A Ship on O. R. N. Co.'a fine big S3.
BIG TUNNEL — NEAR CITY — FREE FARE.
FEE $1; 10 muckers, $60; 5 tunnelmen. $75.
BUTTE CO.. CHICO— HALF FARE— Fee $1.
Teamsters, laborers, rockmen, $67 50 to $75.
DUMOND MATCH CO.'S own work; half
fare. i> ¦
Laborers, ballast Ironmen and spikers, $2 to
$2 50 day; NO DISCOUNT: FEE $1.
MANUFACTURING CO. LABORERS.
15 laborers, you'll suit, $45 found; FEE $1.
600 men and "boya to pick fruit, work in dry
yard6, etc., In 7 different counties, $26 to
$37 50 and found, $1 75 day.
300 men for sawmills, yards and woods, all
over the State. $2 to $3 60 day.
10 trackmen, 10c fare, $2 25 day; 10 labor-
ers, private R. R., near city, $2 25 day; 5
laborers, handle grain, $3 day. long Job.
10 laborers, large lumber company, Hum-
boldt Co., cheap fare. $37 50 fd.
R. P. R. R. CO.'S own work. FREE FARE.
2C0 section and, extra gang men. all over
State; also Merred and Fresno: FEE $1.
8 carpenters, different jobs; pee us.
200 laborers, different jobs, some city; 20
miners, 200 muckers and carmen. $60 to $75;
circular saw filer and hammerer, small mill,
see boas" here, $75 fd. ; baker, country shop,
$12 to $14 week and board; cook. B. H.. $50
found; man care Invalid and care private
place. {30 fd., S. C. Co.; 2 tallymen, lumber
company; rough carpenter, factory, $3 day;
teamster, winery, boss here, $30 fd.; waiters
and dishwashers. Men, we have 600 other
Jobs not advertised. Call and see us and
get a free list of jobs. AT PACIFIC EM-
PLOYMENT AGENCY, 520 Sacramento 8t.
AT CALIFORNIA EMPLOYMENT AGENCT.
59 3d st., near -Call bldg.; phone Buah 405.
NEVADA— FREE FARE— NEV ADA.
200 laborers. Southern Pacific's own work,
new Job. $2 a day. $18 board.
Wo ship every day — Free fare
40 section hands; all parts of California.
5 track men. near city. $2 25 a. day.
2 lathers, city, new work. $2 50 per M.
2 shinslers. 70c per M.
DIAMOND MATCH CO.. CHICO.
S teamsters. $2 50 a day; 20 laborers, $2 23
a day. .
Office fee. $1; half fare, $2 SO.
7 men to pitch and stack grain. $1 50 a day
and board.
Camp waiter. $25 and found.
CAL. EMP. AGENCY. 59 Third st.
B ASTERS on coats wanted; steady work and
good pay for the right people. Apply S. N.
WOOD & CO.. 27 Geary st. '
WANTED— A boy of 16 or 17 to learn pants
pressing; union shop; union wages. Apply
S. N. WOOD & CO.. 27 Geary st.
WANTED— Pants finishers; union shop; union
wages. Apply S. N. WOOD & CO., 27
Geary et.
YOUNG man to work as picture framer; one
with experience preferred; able to join. Cal-
lfomla Frame Co.. 927 Howard ft.
WANTED — A young man with some experi-
ence In butcher business to drive wagon.
< Apply corner Fourth ave. and Clement st.
BOY to work In candy factory; good wages.
BLUM'S CONFECTIONERY, corner Polk
and Sutter sts.
WANTED — Experienced, competent man to re-
vls« and rewrite a mining prospectus. Box
1282. Call office.
A MAN of Indomitable energy and push, a good
talker, eager to make money. F. PERSON.
477 and 488 Parrott building.
BARBER shop for sale; neatest shop In city;
2 hydraulic chairs; 2 living rooms; rent $18;
price $250. 473 Hayes st. . •
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
fl 50 pair: foot-form shoes at $2 T-0; we pay
express or mall chgs. 11 Third st., Exam. bid.
CUTTER for temporary job. Apply REISS
BROS. & CO.. 2t Sutter st.
COATMAKER for country. Apply to REISS
BROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter st.
EXPERIENCED Falesman for corporation se-
curitteB. THORNE & CO., 207 Montgomery.
BOAT builders, helpers, lumber pliers. H. T.
CARLSON, 18th and Illinois sts., Potrero.
WANTED — Younsr man to learn copper plate
printing. Apply at once. 126 Kearny, rm. 1.
WANTED— Oysterman and waiter. 212 O'Far-
rell st.
YOUNG man to learn barber trade; paid while
learning. 611 Commercial st.
WANTED — All-round good hotel cook for coun-
try; $50 'month. Inq. 616 Clay. L. If. Trost.
EXPERIENCED restaurant cook; ?14 a week
126 *,-|nth st. ¦
WANTED— Cook. .434 Fifth at.
FIRST-CLASS coatmakcr to work Inside; also
bushelman v 1103 Market at.
j BUTCHER; young man. Sonoma Market,
1307 Polk st.
WANTED — Strong boy; worts around cooper
shop. 24 Commercal st.
WANTED— A wood turner. 622 3d st.
WANTED — Experienced hotel porter. Apply
501 Geary st.
¦ i '
BUTCHERS wanted. 1477 Halght st.
FIRST-CLASS coatmaker to work inside. 411%
Kearny St., upstairs, first floor, room 2.
BARBERS — 2 latest style barber chairs for
sale: cheap. 2503 Folsom st.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at 51 and
.tl CO per pair; foot-form shoes at $2 50, or
orthopedic shoes, $3 60; best shoes on earth. 11
Third at.. Exam. bdg.. 0 doors from Market.
WANTED — Salesman for retail business; one
experienced In grocery or crockery business
preferred ;¦ give reference, experience and
wages expected. Bos 1261. Call office.
WANTED — Rough carpenters and laborers.
Apply room 14.' 26 Montgomery st., Saa
. Francisco Construction Company.
COATMAKERS wanted: $24 per week; steady
work all through the year. Apply 27 Geary.
BOY wanted. Apply at E. H. LEVY (Inc )
513 Market st. : ".*.--¦
WANTED— For office, a young man about 16
: years of age. Apply to box 1266. Call office.
WANTED — lst-class coppersmith, j Apply 814
¦ Kearny st.
BOY to learn trade; good opportunity; wages.
< Carson Glove Co., 123 Second- at. „
WANTED — Strong boy for candy factory. 1925
. Flllmore < st.
BOY : wajited In' tin shop . to learn trade; 16
, years old. : 533 Mission st. ' :
BARBER shop; 2 chain; must be sold; bar-
gain. CCO Folsom st.
HELP WANTED MALE— -Con.
MURRAY * READY." . T~
PHONE MAIN 6S4S. 634 and 636 Clay st.
LEADING EMPLOYMENT & LABOR AGTa.
Office half block long; 14 clerks employed: by
our own printing plant tve publish a *'KREK"
Bulletin of Labor, containing every position
segregated under departments, ready ror dis-
tribution 7 a. in.: also noon and evenins edi-
tions. GET ONE FREE. German, Italian.
French. Spanish. Portuguese, Greek spoken.
THIS IS WHAT
tMADB US FAMOUS.
We know no distinction between Man ami Man
YOU ARE ALL EQUAL.
YOU AKK ALL \\ KLfOME.
1902 WE GAVK 1:hj:1 WE'LL GIVK
45,000 MEN WORK. 60.CCO MEN WORK.
TO-DAY WE SHIP FREE TO
NEVADA. ARIZONA
OREGON. LO3 ANGi£LE2*.
HAWAIIAN ISLANDS. WILLIT3. fKIAH.
AND ALL POINTS S. P. and Santa Fe.
NORTH. EAST AND SOUTH.
RAILROAD HELP of every description. In-
cluding drillers, hammer and corner meii.
muckers, laborers, teamsters, blacksmiths,
i cooks and waiters. $5. $4. $3, $2 day.
MUKRAY & RKAUY. SU-63U Clay st.
' CARPENTERS FREE FARE.
4 carpenteis; large winery: fare $3; *40 fd.
4 carpenters, lumber company, plain worft.
C^rpei'ter^raAcn. 30c. far*. $10 and found.
SPECIAL.
15 carrxffiters. G helpers; big water power;
MURRAY " SkAd"' 634 and 636 Clay st.
" ~~~~ COME.
•»« laborer* teamsters, city and country
Jobs. $2? »™'M 1 and $3 day. All classt* of
work. Come see.
185 Italians. $2 25 day. - . .
Your board yourselves. Steady Jobs.
26 laborers, free fare. 14 mlle» away, ?12
& d c f o°ai n mlner.. fm ft«^5tt $3 day.
105 laborers, teamsters. Willlts. Lklah. fre«
fare. *WJ»^ Know _ Fre . Fare p
On every train we ship to S. P. Co. s own
work, o^ all divisions, laborers, extra gangs;
also section hands. ~~VfT»»irr
DIAMOND MATCH COMPANY.
186 teamsters and ax men. $75.
197 laborers and drillers. *75.
166 track layers, ballast track. $61^M.
Cost you only $1; no discount: steady job.
MINES, QUARRIES. TUNNELS..
155 laborers, you'll suit. $60. $75. found.
86 miners and tlmberroen, $9°. found.
183 quarreymen. also drillers. $S2 to $90.
J»« carmen, furnace men, $'»¦ „..,._„
STABLES. FARMS. DAIRIES. HARVEST.
19C tarm. orchard, vineyard hands. V>9 to *4»
and found. - r ... ,.
38 milkers, buttermakers. $30, $i>. $40 fd.
156 harvest hands, hay balers, $J 60. $4 da>.
68 choremen, coachmen, gardeners, $30 to *so
and found. , ._ t .
16 stablemen, city and country. $30 to $45 fd.
8« men for brickyards. $35 to $80 and found.
MARRIED HELP WANTED.
12 men and wives, farms, orchards, mines,
mills. $40 to |T0 and^ound^ &
«34 and 636 Clay «t.
WHERE ARE THEY?
86 lumber trusts and syndicates.
905 laborers, no experience wanted, $35 to
$70 and found. ...
188 experienced mill and yard men, $40 to
$150 and found.
383 woodchoppers. $40 to $50 and found.
386 woodchoppers, tiemakers, shingle, post,
picket and box bolt makers; tools and pro-
vision, found. & ready
TRUSTS. 634 and 636 Clay at.
A^S82P- S S?o3& COOKS. COOKS.
26 cooks for harvest and fruit ranches, hay
presses, etc.. $70, $60. $50. $40. $30 and |
found: very few men to cook for; no wo-
men there.
4 cooks for different mines, $.0, $63, 5^0,
$40 and found.
4G cooks, hotels, restaurants, cafes, saloons.
etc.. J70 to $40 and found.
WAITERS. »
£2 waiters, different places, including cafes,
grills. $45 to $30 and found. '
C bell and elevator boys. 'city and country
positions. $15 to $30 and found.
9 porters and bedmakers. city and country
positions. $45 to $20 and found.
h« dishwashers, etc., city and a!l parts of
California. $40 to $25 and found.
13 boys to learn trades and work in factories,
$tj to $12 week.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
ARE YOU GOING FRUIT PICKING TO-DAY
OR TO-MORROW? 205 men wanted: any-
body can do the work; a man or a boy who
can eat fruit can pick fruit.
, $1 FEE. $1 FARE.
FRUIT $37 50 found. FRUIT
PICKING V $:tO found. PICKING
TO-DAY. $34 found. TO-DAY.
Some to work about packing and dry houses;
you can have a good vacation. Go, come
back with J90 to $120. We ship NORTH,
EAST. SOUTH; also many to tho great
* "mDBRAT Ic READY. 634-636 Clay St.
SPECIAL —BY— TELEGRAPH.
MIDNIGHT —BY— PHONE & LETTER.
SPECIAL NOTICE TO-DAY.
3563 POSITIONS NOT ADVERTISED.
COME SEE.
Blacksmith, no shoeing. $2 50 to $3 day.
Butcher, shop and wason. fare $1 50. $30 fd.
3 laborers. S hours, city, good job, $2 day.
Cook, ranch, 6 men, $30 and found.
Handy man with butcher knife, city, $2 25
day.
Brlckmason. country winery. $4 day.
Cooper, packing-house, $3 23 day.
2 lathers, $2 50 per m.
3 slack coopers. He; second butcher, $50 fd.
Cutoff sawyer, city; 3 boys, learn trade, $9. j
TUOLUMNE COUNTY— FARE PAID.
39 laborers, first-class lumber company. $60.
ARIZONA TO-NIGHT.
EUREKA— HUMBOLDT— FARE PAID.
32 laborers, blsr, good lumber Co.. $60 to $75.
EL DORADO COUNTY— FARE PAID.
16 more laborers, big lumber trust, $42 fd.
RESERVOIR WORK. j
25 laborers and -teamsters, fare $1 50, $67 50.
LOOK! FARE PAID..
25 laborers, .manufacturing plant. $R7 SO.
68 TRACKMEN. NEW WORK. $67 50.
2 tank coopers, winery, $,'! 50 day.
26 lumber pliers, Santa Cruz County, $60.
HALF FARE TO CHICO.
165 laborers, teamsters, axmen. $75.
NORTHEAST— SOUTH— FREE.
2555 RAILROAD LABORERS, TEAMSTERS.
Experienced nailing machine man, city, $75
WAREHOUSES.
12 laborers, fare $1, you'll suit. $3 day.
Dumpcart driver, mine, $.";5 found.
5« laborers, special electric R. R.. $60. *75.
3t> drillers, water company. NORTH. $75.
36 drillers, muckers, etc.. $75, $60. free fare.
SPECIAL INDUCEMENTS.
165 Ironmen, spikers, track laborers. $"5.
12 laborers, track gang on railroad. $3 day.
2 carpenter?, factory, 10c fare, $:! day.
- :5 meat cutters". $15 week; blacksmith, fare
$1. $3; wood turner, $-1 50; waiter, Monterey;
waiter, mine town. $35. fare paid.
BEST PLACES AT MURRAY & READY'S,
BIGEST WAGES AT 6.»4-«atf Clay st.
WHY pay big prices to have your shoes half-
eoled when you can get It done for 2.1c, 50c
- and 60c while you wait at 5tC> Mission St.,
bet. 1st and 2d sts.. or 11 Third st.
WANTED — For tho U. S. Marine Corps, able,
bodied, unmarried men. between 21 and 33:
good character; must speak, read and writ*
English; marines -serve at sea on men-of-war
In all parts of the world, on land In our M-
and possessions, and at naval stations In tha
United States. Apply at recruiting office, 40
Ellis St., San Francisco. Cal.: 222ft N. Mala
fct., Los Angeles. Col., and 401 K ft.. Sacra-
mento, Cal.
WANTED — Young man who haa had experi-
ence as a window trimmer to ro to a city
not far from San Francisco: salary $75 per
- month to start' with; state age and experi-
ence. Box 1270. Call.
WANTED— Several men who have tramped ex-
tensively In the United States; yteady em-
ployment and good pay for those who suit:
give full particulars o* experience. Box
1271. Call office.
WANTED*— Educated man to learn our busi-
ness and take responsible position when
-qualified; permanent; salary $900:
references required. GEO. L. SHUMAN Sz
CO.. 04 Columbian building.
MEN td learn barber trade; only eight week*
required; special offer this month; catalogue
and full Information mailed free. MOLER
SYSTEM COLLEGE. 635 Clay st,
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolhin, Reno House proprietor, has
added ICO new rooms to the Denver House.
217 Third St.; 250 rooms: 25e to ECe o«r night.
WANTED^-A boy for errands, learn a trade.
$3 to start.' 13 Trinity «.t.. between Sutter
and Kearn>. C. J. HARRIS & SON. )
SHORT-HOUR barber shop for sale: 2 chairs.
127 Clay st.
GOOD paying barber ohop for sale account ot
leaving city; reas. Will & Flnck. Market st.
ERRAND boy with good recommendations!
ROGERSON'S. 535 Valencia st.
BOY for picture framing: aUo a man 3 days
a week. JONES. 1314 Park st.. Alameda.
BARBER shop for sale; 4 living rooms; cheap
rent: 3 years' lease. : 229 Hayes »t.
PENSION atty. E. A. Bullis. room 40. Ph-lan
bldg. Past Com. Qeo. H. Thoraas Post. G.A.R.
MAN to do Janitor work for tuition In S. F.
Barber School. 741A Howard st.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe anJ
Australia. HERMAN'S. 28 Steoart *L
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket — 70O rooms. 35c night: reading rooms:
free "bus and baggage to and from ferry.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mleslon st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET your shoes half soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 563 Mission *C Kst. lat and 2d •••
SAN FRANCISCO CALL. ;
BUSINESS OFFICE of tb« Ean FVancJse*
C«J:. «:iKr Market and Third streets; open
vatil S3 o'clock night !n the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street
icrner Clay; cpen until 8:30 p. ra. I
"00 Hayes Kt:ect; open until 9:30 p. re. I
•-.:3 McAllister street; ojen until 0:30 p. ra.
£16 Uik:n street; open until 0:80 p. m.
!"-¦?] Mlsfion street; open until 10 p. m.
SO Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
BfcUl 9 p. m.
1^5 Eleventh rtreet; open until 9 p. ra.
i'J96 Ytkncia street: open until 9 p. ra.
Nrrih^att corner Church and Duncan streets; ,
tj»n until 9 p. m. '
Northwest corrier of Twenty-second and Ken- i
tucky meets; open until Sp. ra. i
S2»iO Fillracre street; open .until 9 p. m. '•
MKKTI.VG NOTICES.
A SPECIAL me* ting of GDdfrey d* l^SSBl
K. Omar Council No. 1, _• ]ig! _
i\::c;.. r Kadogh. A. and A. 1' — '*»['¦—;»
Scottish Kite of Kremiasonrv. tejffi<fc>,«*g?'
will U- hel.? In t'-ommandery fc — IKPHS
Hail. Matonfc Temple, on g»
THURSDAY BVENlNtl. Sept. S*&»1
17. I'.H'.i. at S o'clock. instalUtion o. o dcera
and cemmuuiratton of dfgre^s.
HKXBr .' BUKXEIt, Recorder.
MISSION CfcS8t«r No: Tlt.R A M- » |
Slated meeting THIS <Tm"RSI>\Yl>/v i
tvtElttXa. T:.;0 D'docfc. M. M Dp- AA '
tree. By oixJti of the II. p. j
JXO. It. HIIXMAX. Secretary.
CA LIFORNI A Lodge~No. I. F~an4~AT J^"" J
M., •Till meet THIS (THURSDAY) VV' I
EVENING. Sfctembcr IT, at 7::{0/V\ '
oolock. Third De^rfe. By order of I
thf Master. FRANKLIN H. DAY, Sg?.
KJDKLITY Lcdte No. 120. F. and A. O I
**- — Special meetlnr THIS <THi;ns->fV I
"ATI EVENING at 7:^0 o'clock. /V\ !
nr*t EVsree. Maso:is cordially in- :
v :trd. By order of the \V. M. :
FnEDHniCK BARRY, Secretary. \
l«>rUC Lodee No. 2i«. K. and A. M.— £> j
f-";«-oiaI mcctint THIS (THChfD.WlYY
EVENING at T:3:i o'clock. Second /W\ ¦
i'rfroc. Bv order ot the Master
J. n. GOLDSMITH, Secretary.
6TAHB KING Lodc7~No. 341. F. and «
A. Al.. o!7 Devlsadero ft. — Second I>e- vSf
t-rre this evening at 7::>0. Master JJ»-
>"inE t-ordially invited. By order cl
the V.-. Ai. A. A. ANDEHSON. Sec.
rCSBA BUENA Lotlce No. l^T
Ol O F.. meets TO.xin.ViT ,-A^Mau.
i Till T:>V.\\ i. Something special ~g5JfiBjaB
under good of the order. Visitors ' i rii$K$t^'
»v<?l<onie. FRAXK KRULL, N. «J.
<HAS. A. mSEWELL, Kec. tec.
PACIFIC Ix:<Jge No. ISO I. O. O. .,„.. :
1 Initiation Tins (THURa- •3S8SJ&&:
l.'AYl EVENING. September i7.3*^^5c(3
Visltlrg brothers cordially In- "^Jmiw^
»ited. THOHNTON THOMPSON. N. G.
J. S. MEE, Kc-cordinr Secretary.
NOTICE ol nicotine of stockholders— Office of
spring Valley Water Companv, roon. 3, sixth
fk-or, 12b Stockton street, fcan Francisco,
Cal., September 15, 1903 — To the stock-
holders cf the Spring Valley Water Cota-
l»ny: Xotlce is herebs- given th&t. pur-
f-uant to & resolution of the Board or Olrect-
<rt. of tie Spring Valley Water Company, a
••orf-oratlcn. unanimously adopted ca the 15th
<:ay of S.-;t»mb?r, l»0J,» at a meeting of
boaid. duly called and h»ld at the
rfSi* oi said cvniiiariy in the city and county
of £an iYanciPco. State cf California, a
irK*t:njr of the ft^ck!ioldert of said corpora- i
ii<->ii «i!! be brld at the office and principal j
place Ot but-inets of said corporation, to- j
wit, in room thrt-e, Fixth floor, In the build- i
ing on the southeast corner of Geary and ]
Stockton fcir«*fts, in the city and county of |
K2n I'^rancisTO. State of California, known j
as No. 120 Stockton rtrcet, paid building ;
1-^ir.s; the i ¦.:'•. ::v v.hcre th? Board of Di- !
rectors of taid corporation usually meets,
and room being the room in taid build-
ir.g wherv th«- dim-loi> and 5toci;:io!ders of
*aid corporaticn usually moct, on Monday, j
:he JNJd day of XCovrember. 130.5. at - o'clock '
p. tc. for the clijoct *tnd purpote of then j
*nd tiiert- considerinc and rotlas upon a
proposal t" (Tf-nxr a bon£?d indebtfdness of
s-aid f-'| rir.g Valley Water Comoany in the
run; of twor.ty-ciKlit million (ISS.tMXt.OCO <>0)
doilerf, raj able December 1, 19:1'!, with in-
urtst thqeoa a' the rate of 4 per e«Mit
lier annum, payable semi-annually, and prin-
- ¦ ii tl and intor"Ft payable in sold coin of I
th~ l"n>t*-'l State* of America of the present ]
ol w^ieht and fineness; and to |
fepcar« th* bondf<l indebtedness, :o proposed
to «*» freatyi. by a mortgage upon or dfed
«l truft <jf all the property of Raid corpora-
tion now ov.nod or which it may hereafter
p-oute*- and during the life or term of Raid
lT.rrieasp or drrd of trust. By order of
tlu Hoard of Directors.
PELHAM "VT. AMES,
S«v-rriary of the Spring Valley Water Ccm-
THE California Debris Commission havtne re-
veived applications to mine by hydraulic
procee* trotn C. A. Poace, In Phelps Hill
i.iine. near Washington. Neva3a County.
Cal.. draining into Jefferson Creek, which
leaches Bovth Tuba Kiver; trum Plumas
Mines Company. in Plumas mines, near
Qulncy, Piumat County. Cal., draining into
t~yu!rrel Cieek, which reaches North Korif.of
Feather River: from Exoelslor Hydratflic
Mining Company, in Excelsior mine, near
Jewell Hill. Nevada County. Cal., draining
intn Norili Fork Steep Hollow Cre*k. which
:fa«.h»-* Feather River, gives notice that
meeting «"*'! be held at room J)6, Flood build-
ing. San Francisco. Cal., September 2S. 1903,
at 1 :30 n. m.
ACKJkTS WASTED.
AGENTS — A new money-ttaker. F. PERSON.
477 and 478 Parrott buOdirg.
ATTOKMSYS-AT-LA.1V.
ADVICE FREE. ESTABLISHED =2 YEARS.
£*!vorce* ¦ epeclalty. Prl\-ats. Quick.
NO PAT UNLESS SUCCXSSFLX.
G. W. HOWE. ATTORNEY AT LAW,
::?2 Market ct.. offices 1. 2, 3, 4 and ft.
BEWARE OF FRAUDS.
Any on« can advertlee. but unless the adrer-
ti*em#nt says "Attorney at Law" the party
advertising is not a lawyer; don't be fooled.
ADVICE FREE
COLUMBIAN LAW AGENCY
Bn:. 85. 818 Market: tel. Red 613; bad ten-
acts tjected speedily and reasonably; collec-
(lona attended to: attachments: corporations
organised: civil and criminal practice.
BOBT. W. KING, atty-at-law. Examiner bid.,
rm. 611; all cases, damages, estates, wills,
pttachrr.ente. collections, etc.; consultation
lrre: no advance charges; call or write;
'¦vr.aingb Ty eppointrr.ent. Tel. Red 3601.
ADVICE free^ — I will advance cost In meritori-
ous cate?. divorces, probate and all other law j
c-stes: no fees in advance: open every even- i
lpg. J. M. THURSTON. S19 Market St.. r. 31. j
VI VORCE— Cort* J12; quick, quiet; open even- ]
:r.gs. 827 Market et.. room 301.
L. t=. CLARK. Emma gpreckels bldg.. 027 Mar-
k»t «>t.: ccnfcuitatlon free: no fees in advance.
AITKEN & AITKEN. attorneys. r» 309-10-11.
Ciunie bldg.. IPS California st. ; tat. Main 727.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful; all
law business. TV. W. Davidson. V£i Market. '
ADVICE fr*e; all cases; open evenings. M
L. RYAN. S50 Market tt.. cor. Stockton.
BIROS. DOGS. ETC ~
VOUKG talking parrots, $5 each .-German elnglnr
canaries. $2; we wi:i try to please you; every-
thing In our hn» at right pricos. IMC Market.
BL&IM^hS CHA>CKS.
a. G. WILKE. 2G»i Kearny ct. "^"
Established 12 jeare. Real estate and busi-
ness agency. If you want to sell or buy go
to L'CVj Kearny. References: Examiner, Call
and Chronicle.
A— $1600; RESTAURANT and coffee saloon
opp. lerries bldg.; lease: place clearing at
U-iLBt $300 per month. See H. G. WILKE.
».» Kearny «.-
rort sale — $1000; bicycle and general repair
chop, fully equipped to handle any kind of
lifht machine work: electric motor and
lights, compressed air pumps, latbe, tools
etc.; 60 bicycles; established 7 years; reason
for selling, owner compelled to leave city;
win stay with buyer until familiar with busl-
nets; no axentc. Box 12O. Call. ,
WANTED — Energetic man with several thou-
i-sj.d dollars to la.ke. charge of moving picture
fjreutt; $GCO to $300 easily made monthly.
Particular* Novelty Theater. Oakland.
WILL furnl«h machine that will take out every
psrticle of free gold, for placer proposition.
Box 12fc«. Call office. ¦
CIGAR and notion store; 3 living rooms; a bar-
gain. 1S6 First st.
FOn sale— The HOTEL. NEVADA, a first-
class hotel at R«r.o. Nev.; fine location: ror-
rounded by tre«s. large lawn and doing good
business ; selling account of poor health.
ftOQ — BAKERY In Monterey: pood rusiness; 2
horses, 2 wagons, ail appliances Tor bakery.
Arply M. B. SMITH. Monterey. Cal.
?Q-TEAR established butcher business for sale;
r«riy desirous of wiling owing to other butl-
en hand. Apply 4.T2 Third st.
EAKERT — Fine location in Rio Vista: good
baker will do well. Address DAN llc-
GRAUGH. Rio VlRta. Cal.
> Oil cale or rent — Fully equipped, modern,
paring bcspiul in Southern California city.
Actre n P. O. bcx 457. £aa Bernardino.
rOR ssle — Uyefng and cleanins works; will
teach party. 1121 Point Lobos ave.
FOR EALE — An inside route on 'this paper.
lor perticu!ari apply at offic*
[ LODGI.XG-HOUSES FOR SALE. r 1
100 ROOMS; hoUBe for men: rent $140 $4000 |
6S rooms: scatli ct Market: rent $100.. 2O00 |
24 rooms; corner; part cash; bal. easy. 850 j
21 rcoms; good Income; rent $20...... WO
SI rooms; water fxont: rent $40; leaae.. 633
120 rooms; good lease; low rent. 6500
t7 rms. ; apartments ; Western Add. ;rent 250
Mcmy loaned at 1 per cent.
Hctels roadhouxes. flats. S to 100 rooms.
EITEL & CARROLL. 212 Kearny »t.
LODGING-HOUSE: sunny corner: long lease;
rent very low; 70 rooms; well lurnlshed.
Box 1267. Call.
$1000: INVESTIGATE to-day: must sell: 21
I rooms: rent t.oO: clears $85. 1063 Howard St.
! EIGIl" r !ar«e rooms on Grant ave. For all
> particulars inquire at 319 Sutter st. saloon
i **^^
» SPIRITUALISM.
ARRIVED — PROF. FRED P. EVANS, the fa-
rooufc pcychic: fctamp for circular. 1112 Eddy
St.. rear Octavia.
A— ETHEL CRINDLE. materializing seancea
Friday and Sunday eves.. 50c. 1115 Post st
MME. YOUNG'S convincing spirit messages to-
night, 10c. tilU McAllister st; readings dally.
i MKS. EBERHARDTS spiritual test meeting
to-night, S f-harp; JOo. ;;250 221 St. .
i KATIE HEUSSMAN, circle Friday evenins,
25c: sittings. 1C00 Harrlfcon st. cor. Sixth.
I tD^ARU CARLE. 1052 EI!ls. readings daily.
fl::w xo 4: seanrew Sunday and Thursday.
CLAIRVOYANTS. '
! ATTENTION-^" $1 $1~ $1 $1 $1
!* My regular S3 readings this week for
$1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1
PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE.
The first registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist ever In San Francisco.
I do herf by solemnly agree and guarantee to
mak^ no charge if I fall to toll your name, oc-
J cupatlon and what you called for; I promise to
i tell you whether hus-band. wife or sweetheart
is true or false; I tell you whom, and when
you will marry; In fact. I will tell you every
hope, fear or ambition better than you can
tell yourself; I improve your character so that
! you will reach the highest possible develop-
; ment in mental . vigor, health, happiness and
: capacity to earn wealth, so you will live hap-
py and contented the rest of your life. Hrs — 10
a. m. to 8 p. m. ; Sunday. 2 to 8. 326 O'Farrell.
MME. M. BERNARD^ THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third st. next Examiner
bldg.: she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur In the future; if you are in trouble, dis-
contented or not satisfied In life, or have do-
mfKii-, love or business troubles, consult this
great medium and you will be told how to
, overcome them; valuable advice In all affairs
of life; 25s up; satisfaction guaranteed; read.
Ing? by mail. Tel. Black 4569.
ISilAR. U;e Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
ft., cor. Turk; private readings dally, 10 a.
ra. to 6 p. ra. ; readings by mall as satlsfac.
tory as in person; 3 questions answered. $1;
fell life. $5; send lock of hair, date and year
ct birth; don't send currency. Send postofflce,
Wslls-Farfto money order or registered letter.
A — MME. PORTER, scientific clairvoyant and
curd reader, born with a double veil and sec-
end eight: tells the past, present and future;
ladles. 50c; gents, $1; by cards, palmistry
r.nd clairvoyant sitting: $1 50. 126 Turk at.
Mrs A. H. Kronenberg. palmist, clairvoyant,
card reader, will give a good reading. 10c, for
a short time only; when others fail try me to
convince yourself. 402 Frankiin. near Grove.
MISS ZEMDAR. young gifted clnlr. and palm.;
has seecntl sight: a wonderful prophetess;
names; L. .W-; G. tl. 714 Franklin. nr.G.G. ave.
A — Mme. Ravenna read* life, business advice;
names given; 'JSc up. 5 4th tt.. near Market.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader in city.
20'j Kearny. room 20; ladies 25<\ ?ents 50c.
MISS WARD, high psychic medium and palm-
ist: hours 8 a. m. to 9 p. m. 413 Mason st.
MRS. bHAFER. clairvoyant, card reader: slt-
t'njrg dally. 44S-4 Jessie St.. bet. Kth and 6th.
cyw VASs e : r y .
SEVERAL good newspaper subscription can-
vassers: m'ift be good mfn. Aoply at onco.
THE OAKLAND HERALD, Thirty-eighth Et.
ai'l Par* Pablo ave., Oakland.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
AIR. compressed, dry, ice cold, is nuw unlvcr-
cally used In sanitarily cleaning carpets, on
floor, without removal or injury: prices mod-
erate. Apply S. F. COMPRESSED AIR
CLEANING CO.. Call bid.; phone Main 5237.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
reed for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 355-357 Tehama Et. ; tel. South 40.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating Co.. J. McQueen,
proprietor. 329 Guerrero st. ; tel. Mission 49.
TRY HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet-beating;
mattresses made over. 1432 Howard .South 216
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main S84. GEO. WALCOM & CO., Props.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prlcea
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. ; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works,
333 Gol<ten Gate ave.: telephone East 126.
CHIROPODISTS.
DUNLAP FOOT INSTITUTE, 50 Geary—All
ailments ef the feet cured: corns, bunlons.etc.
collection offices.
bangILi^F^weyer! * "
Collectors.
No. 1170 Market st. Room 37.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms fl-10: tel. 5390.
DENTISTS.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 MaTketTnrTEleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made: old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per tet: extracting. 50c: gas given.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crown, $3 50; fillings, 60c;
plates, $5: full set; all work painless and war-'
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlor*. 24 Sixth st.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Srt taeth $1 hO up:~crowna 12 up; filllngn 25c.
GOLD fillings. 75c; stiver. 35c; crowns. $2; no
pain: open Sunday. Dr.O.B.Hewitt,204 Sutter.
10 PER CENT off this month; estimates free.
New York IV-ntlstg. 9fift M*i»i»lon ft., cor. 6th.'
| DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School
— Any pattern cut to measure. 1C19. Market.
ACCORDION, sunburst & knife nlaitirig. Stew-
art'g button fc buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor.
DVEINO AND CLEANING.
bUA breezes bweeten all garments, blankets,
lace curtains, etc., done by the Presidio
Heights Dye Works. SS15 Sacramento: phona
for wagon. West 453. H. HICKMAK. pres.
Kit t CATION AX,.
A— CALDWELL College of Oratory. Acting,
Opera and Authorship; largest In the West;
14 teachers; positions guaranteed; fall term
begins Sept. 7; day end evening class; beauti-
ful new catalogue free. 1285 Market, cor. 9th.
liEALDS BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post, S
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy, English branches;
gay and night sesnions. lllus. catalogue free.
SAN FRANCISCO Business College7T236~Mar-
ket; modern, progressive, practical; estab-
lished 15 years. Gregg shorthand, fastest
easiest, most readable. Actual business
bookkeeping; typewriter at home free. - - -
ATRES. the leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket fct.; special summer course In all depart-
ments: handsome catalogue free: life scholar-
ship. $r>0; day and evening sesslons.-
CALIFORNIA Business College. 305 Larkin st
"A thorough echool"; positions secured for
graduates; modern methods; Individual In-
struction. Write for Illustrated catalogue.
HINMAN'S Academy; a thorough school of
dancing; established 20 years. 1412 Polk St.,
between Pine and Cilifornia; both adult and
children'* classes are now open for the season.
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for the university, law and medical colleges;
ref.. President Jordan or any Stanford pro-
fesgor; day, evening sessions. Phelaa bldg.
HEALDS School of Mines A EIectridty.24 Post
et. S. F.; a practical school cf engineering*
complete equipment Special catalogue fre«T
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec.. mln. mech.. sur-
i' ey 'v B fS y> o ya . nl<le: d »y. «ve.; est. 1864. Van
ger Nalllen School. 113 Foiton. nr. City Hall.
SYKTSM^ discipline, and results; the Golden
Gate Commercial College. Van Ness and Gol-
den Gate aves.. 8. F.; fills every requirement.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday and
Sunday evenings at Teutonla Hall, Howard
f-t.. near Ninth: management Prof. Foster.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day andj
PARTING-TON'S. 424 Pine tt. .. .Night class
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar.wrlUng.
"Ac: day or eve.: $5 mo. 1024 Mlsslon.nr.6th.
Chicago Business College. 1435 Market, nr 10th.
Plttrr.an «.horthan<5. typing, bookkpe. $8 mo.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICE?]
GEORGE AOKI. 421 Post itTwriru'shls^
Japanese - Chinese employment office; far-
nlsbes beet help; contracts for farm help. etc.
A — ORPHEUM Kmploymect O fflce Japanese-
Chinese help. 426 Powell. Tel. Main 5752.
A— GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office 415
Btotkton: teL Grant IBS: Mtoert rettabu'hol*
1 EMPLOYMENT OFFICES— Continued
I CHINESE Employment Office — Beat help at
I Leon Senng's. 411H O'Farrell: tel. Eaat *2«.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main C18S.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1B97. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
bMI'LO VMfcl.Vl' WAXTKU FKMA1K.
AN ex-publlc school teacher desires position a*
nursery governess, lady's companion or aman-
uensis. Address box 1277. Call office.
RESPECTABLE lady wishes position as house-
keeper or cook for men. Call bet. 1-3 at 68-
76 Ellis St.. room 01. "
A NEAT, refined girl wishes position as lady*!
maid; wages $:W; call mornings. 43 Prosper
st., tet. 10th and 17th sts.
AN experienced cirl wishes position taking
care of children; eoods references. Address
448 6th St.. near Bryant.
YOUNG German girl wishes situation for light
housework and plain cooking. Call 701 Bry-
ant st.
YOUNG girl, just from Germany, wishes up-
etairs work or housework. Apply 313S
Seventeenth st., bet. Valencia and Guerrero.
LADY wishrs to do plain sewing, home. Mitts.
L. COOPER. 7 Belmonj^plac^
GERMAN woman wishes washing or house-
work by the day. Box 1281, Call office.
SWEDISH girl for general housework. Call
05 Eleventh Et.
ELDERLY woman wishes Situation to assist
. in housework in American family; city or
country; references. Box 4307. Call office.
A YOUNG lady from the East would like to do
second work; very neat: sleep home. 514
Guerrero 6t
WANTED— By a competent girl, place to do
cooking. 733C Clementina st.
A COMPETENT German woman wants wash-
ing and ironing by the day. Call 1203 Vallejo.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for Th«
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister at
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
"IbMIPLOYMEXT WASTED — .MALE.
BARBER, steady, union, wants situation. Ad-
dress R. J., Ahlborn House, room 65, Grant
avenue.
GROCERY clerk, with city experience, wishes
position. Address Clerk. 914A Larkin st.
A REFINED old gentleman deBires a position
as companion. Box 1278. Call office.
UNENCUMBERED, healthy, active, reliable,
honest, refined, elderly widower desires posi-
tion as companion to invalid or others on
land or sea; guardian, custodian or some
other suitable employment. Address R. F.,
P. O." box 2163, San Francisco, Cal.
AI/lfc-ROUND experienced mechanic wants
«nuation; fine machine work, steel work,
small pattern model or experimental work;
experienced in keeping intricate machinery
• In running order. Address box 1256, Call.
GARDENER, German, competent to take
charge of private grounds and greenhouses,
wants position; references. Address box 1275,
Call office.
YOUNG man would like position In cigar fct and
In the morning only; experienced. Box 4304,
Call office. ¦
ENGINEER (stationary) wishes situation; city
cr country; can do his own repairs; reference
given. Box 4144. Call office.
WANTED — By sober, respectable young man,
steady r>O5ltlon as janitor: experienced. Box
1258. Call office.
SPANISH engineer and experienced machinist
in machinery of mines desires position. Ad-
drcss Hallhard Hotel. 507 Pine st
BARTENDER (German) would like position;
city or country; references. Box 1268, Call.
A JAPANESE, having some experience on
drawing and painting, wants a situation con-
cerning the kind. Apply to (with letters
only) K. B.. Japanese Mission, 1304 Post st.
JAPANESE housework boy wants posit Inn In
small family. Apply to A. B., Japanese
Episcopal Mission, 1304 Post St.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch of~ce. 2200 Flllmore.
FXXAXCIAL.
4 PER CENT TO 6 PER CENT HIGH GRADE
Municipal, School, Railrcad and Corporation
Bonds.
Bank and . Trust Company Stocks.
Selected for conservative Investors.
Write for Information to
HEAZELTON & CO..
Stock and Bond Brokers,
Hayward building.
Ban Francisco, Cal.
A SAN FRANCISCO firm wants a representa-
tive In every town: applicant must be ablp to
give bank Hecurlty if required. Address box
12S3. Call office. •
FLATS TO LIST.
A — BOUSES and flats to let; aa Immense list;
•errice absolutely free: taka advantage of
this department; It will save you time and
trouble. Ccrdes Furniture Co.. 245-259 Geary
it., on tbe square.
$7— FLAT: large yard. 726% Harrison st. be-
tween Third and Fourth.
CASTRO. 644 — Elegant, modern, sunny middle
fiat; 6 r., bath; basement; yard; nr. 19th; $24.
UPPER and lower flat. 3943-3947 Seventeenth
v st.. half block from Market at.
4\NEW rooms and bath; water free; $18. 336
Tehama st.
2 ELEGANT new flats, tt and 7 rooms; rent
$30 and $35. Church and Seventeenth sts.
FLATS FOR gALB.
A BARGAIN— $4200; CORNER LOT. 2 FLATS;
LOT 25x114; 184 CLIPPER ST. SEB
OWNER OX PREMISES.
FLATS WANTED. ,
WANTED — By October 1. flat of 3 or 4 con-
venient sunny rooms; vicinity of Van Ness,
Golden Gate and Market st; adults. Address,
stating price, box 4189, Call office.
FIKMTUKU WANTED. j
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission, phone Red 4462. ]
buys, rents, repaire. packs furniture, carpets.
Cal. Auction House pays highest prices for fur-
niture, flats, etc. 1105 Mission; tel. Mint 2481.
A L. 6TORRS pays highest cash prices furni-
ture, carpets, etc: tel. Larkin 3631. 634 Ellis.
I1EL1* WAATUD— FEMALE.
WANTED — i cooks, $30, $35; second cook,
small restaurant. $8 week; 2 cooks, small
private boarding-houses, $30, $35; 2 parlor
maids, $25, $3U; maid, sleep home, $30;
nurse, old lady. $25: cook, 8 men, will take
woman and child, t25; 4 nurse girls. $15,
$20, $25: colored cook for Menlo Park, $30;
housework, Ross Valley, $30; German nurso
girl, $25; cook and second. girl, same hous«>,
$35, $25; cook and second girl, San Jose, $30,
t$2~>; chambermaid and waiting, city and
country $20. $25. Apply to J. F. CROSETT
6 CO.. 334 Sutter 8t. •;
WANTED — Chambermaid and upstairs girl,
$25, also waitress, $30, both same house, for
Oct. 1. for Burllngame, references. J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 334 Sutter st.
A — TWO young girls foa retail candy factory;
chance to learn dipping./ MRS. M. K. DAY.
351 O'Farrell st.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, r. 12.
Confidential clerk who can keep books and
run typewriter for hotel, $40. >^
A — WANTED — Girls to learn halrdresslng,
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to Z
In 2 weeks; $5 to those entering now; 3 po-
sitions to fill Immediately; positions guaran-
teed at $10 per week up; leading school In
West. 233 Geary St.. room 13.
A — LADIES, learn all branches halrdresslng
trade; manicuring, massage, etc.: 1236 Mar-
ket st.. cor. Jones, room 94; positions secured
at highest "wages; day and eve. class; call.
A — Girls to learn millinery now for fall season;
both seasons taught from start to finish In 1
month for $10; positions as trimmers, sales-
ladies, etc.. guaranteed at $10 per week up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton St.. r. 13.
WOMEN to sew at home. $9 per week; materi-
als sent everywhere free; steady work; plain
_ sewing only. Send addressed envelope for
full particulars, W. D., Du Pont. Phlladel-
phla. Pa. •
LADIES wanted everywhere, copying letters at
home, evenings or spare time and return to
us; no mailing or. canvassing: $9 weekly
earned; -materials free. Inclose self-ad-
dressed envelope for particulars. Guarantee
Co.. No. ~\V. 4. Ninth st, Philadelphia. Pa.—.
GOOD posttlon fcr an ambitious woman an a
representative for wholesale house. -Bos
1280, Call office. .
GIRL for general housework and couk:ng; good
wages to right party; call 9 to 1. 1410
O'Farrell st. v ~-
WANTKD — A competent grlrl for general house-
work and cooking; good wages. 2616 Califor-
nia st. — ' --..¦¦'.
FIRST-CLASS waist, sklrC cloak: sleeve
hands and assistants. Apply 1200 Geary st.
A GIRL for general housework. Call at 2124
Kult*r ¦»
HELP WASTED FEB1AXE— Con.
A NURSE for an Infant, $30; a cook for •mall
hotel, short 'distance In country. $40; a cook
for an American family, in city, |35; a girl
to work in a store. $5 a week, no board or
.room; a girl for housework, 2 in family, for
Berkeley, $20; a waitress and parlor, maid.
Oakland, *30; a nurse for 4 children, $30; 2
waitresses for hotel, $25 each, country; fiO
housework girls for city and country, $20
to $30. MISS PLUNKETT, 425 Sutter St.,
near Powell.
WOMEN and girls wanted to work on fruit
and canning; steady work; highest wages.
Apply California Canneries Co.. Brannan
et., between Third and Fourth.
WOMEN and girls to work on fruit; steady
employment: day and piece work: highest
wages. CODE-PORTWOOD CANNING CO..
Bryant and Tenth-
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-
ETERS; NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY;
PAID SALARY. LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'S
i FACTORIES. 32% FREMONT ST. AND 1873
MISSION, NEAR FIFTEENTH.
A LADY of Indomitable energy to make money
and a convincing talker. F. PERSON, 477
and 478 Parrott building. ¦
FIRST-CLASS pants finisher wanted. 229
Stevenson st. M. II. RUDE.
A FIRST-CLASS tailoress on ladles' coats. A.
KAHN. 142 Geary st.
LAUNDRESS wanted: call forenoon. 140 Bel-
vedere St.; carfare paid.
GIRL to apslst with child: sloep home. Apply
between 10 and 2. J6CI Octavla sU
WANTED— Girl to assist with care of 2-year-
old child. Call at 3218 Jackson st.
GIRL for general housework arid cooking;
good wages. 1122 McAllister st.
WANTED — Two firet-clais collar rubbers at
Oakiaud White Star Laundry, corner Twen-
tieth and Broadway; good wages.
.WANTED — Pants finishers; union shop; union
wages. Apply S. N. WOOD & CO.. 27
Geary et.
GIRLS about 15 for factory work; good wages.
Apply at once, AMES & HARRIS, 100 Sacra-
mento st.
APPRENTICES for glove trade: wages from
Eprrt. Carson Glove Co.. 123 Second st.
OPERATORS on ladles' and children's wear to
take work home. iT>K Mission St.. 3d floor.
WANTED— An errand girl. 1111 Van Ness
avenue.
GOOD girl to do light housework; American or
JewiFh family; no children. 8 Cough.
WANTED — Girls to pack cards. Ncrtheast cor-
ner Eighth and Brannan sts. . _
LADY agents on salary. Call 9 to 6. office 69,
Columbian building. QIC Market st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1006
Valencia st.
HELP WASTED MALE. ,
AT C.' R. IIANSEN A CO.'S EMPLOYMENT
AGENCY.
429 Bush st 642 Clay st.
SHIP DAILY THIS WEEK FOR NEVADA.
100 laborers, Rono. Nevada $2
100 laborers. Beowawe. Nevada $2
100 laborers. Golconda Nevada ...$2
BOARD $4 B0 WEEK
Absolutely Free Fare Office Fee $1.
FOR WESTERN DIVISION— CALIFORNIA.
Extra gang $1 70
Muckers, laborers, tunnelmen. Marin County
$2 25, $2 60
Absolutely Free Fare for All Above.
New work, MarysviUe, Chlco, Placervllle.
Rockmen, laborers $2 25, $2 50
Oil well driller. $6 a day; tool sharpener. $2
day and board; handy man. $2 a day. for an
oil boring outfit. Napa County, see bosa here;
onplnepr for power-house at R. R. tunnel,
$40 found, free far*; 20 fruit plckera. Yolo
and Santa Clara counties. $1, $1 15 day; 6
farm hands. $30; man to raise chickens and
do chores. Bee boss here. $30: gardeners,
private places, $35, $40; 4 Janitors, build-
ins. 555.
Cook, country restaurant $60. $70; second
cook. city. $60; 2 cooks city. $50; 4 wait-
ers, country hotels, $30. $35; barkeeper,
country. $50; porter, country hotel, $25; por-
ter and runner, country, $25: 2 housemen,
hotels, south, S23 fare paid; 2 bellboys,
same country hotel'. $15; dishwashers, kitch-
en* hands, pot washers and others.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S EMPLOYMENT
AGENCY.
429 Bush st ...642 Clay st.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, room
12. 2 bellboys, country, 3 for city, $15; cook,
$60; dishwasher, $35.
YOUNG man for dining-room, carry off, wait
and trays, for a fine resort. $25; restaurant
baker. $63: baker for institution. $40 to $50
and found: boarding-house cook. $40 and
found; cook and wife $60 to $70 and found;
night cook, country, $35 and found; (boarding,
houae waiter, $30 and found; hotel waiter.
$35 and found: a first-class checker for res-
taurant. S40; dishwashers, bell boys and
others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 62S Sacra-
mento st.
MINER and wife to cook. for 8 men, $100; line-
man for logging outfit. $50 and board ; 4
plaek work coopers; 10 woodchoppers. $1 B0
and $2 75 cord; man and wife, private fam-
ily. $45 and found: farmer and wife, $55 and
found; 10 fruit pickers, ?1 15 day and board:
farmers, |30 and found and $1 25 day and
found; blacksmith. $2 50 day; blacksmith's
helper, $2 to $3 day; 2 men for hunting club,
$30 and found; milkers choremen. miners,
laborers and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO..
628 Sacramento St."; \
WANTED — Boy from 14 to 16 years of age
for delivers- work. Apply between 0 and 11
a. m. at HALE BROS.'
WANTED— Experienced art grods saleswoman,
.one who understands stamping.. Apply be-
-tween 0 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
YOUNG men everywhere : copy letters home
evenings. $0- 50 - week. Send • self -addressed
envelope- for particulars. , Manager Dept. W,
4. box 1411. Philadelphia.' Pa. | I
WANTED— Two young men,' 18 to 20 years i
old, to learn the gliding trade. Apply SAN-
BORN. VAIL fc CO.. 741 Market St.
TAILORS — Good general tailor wanted for the
country. STEIN. SIMON & CO.. Market and
I Second sts. ... ' . /
BARKEEPER, German-speaking preferred;
union man : only: < call ' after 0 a. m. 1053
Market at. : - ,
TRY our men's 'shoes, union made, at U and
$1 GO pair; t oot-f orm >hoes at *2 50; we pay
express or mail chgs. 11 Third st.. Exam. bid.
LINOTYPE operator wanted by Petaluma
HORSE!* AJED WAGONS.
40 FRESH milch cows just from th« country:
must be sold to-day: *-%;> to $40 each- SAM
AFTERGUT. Mission read, near Seven-Mile
House ard county line.
ON account ct goinx to luiiid. entire stccK oi
w**oti3. t-ugsies and harn«*9 must be sold at
s&crifice. Corner l'.th and Valencia sts.
HAKNKSS and saddles, the best for the money,
at JEFSEN 15KOS. CO.. Ir.c. the b;^ store.
1145-47 MarKet st.. San Francis-O.
Largest asaortmt 2-hand wagona, buokh'rl, sur-
rey.harness.Tvork. driving horse-. 13th-Valeni-iSk
Al EXPREfcii wa^on. light rr.rnpir.3 wasoo
and irceart fcr sa!e ch^ap. S.12 Mi.««!on «i.
UOlbKS TO LKT.
X^i'RIN i" EuTl 1st ct hcuics M l«-t: sencTfor'clr^
cular. G. H. UM3SEX & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
.¦t— HOUSES and fiats to let: an Immense list;
service absolutely free: taka aitvitr.ta** of
this department; It will iav» you time ad
trouble. Cordes Furnlturo Co.. 'J13-25U <2«ary
ct.. 00 the square.
BROADWAY, l.'lf:. near Van Nqss — S-roora?<l
sunny house: stable; large yard.
VAN NE5S ave.. 2106. cear Pa-tflc art —
Modern house. 10 rooms; rent^ JTO.
BEFORE movlnjr get our printed list of houses
to.Iet. BALDWIN' & HOWET-L. 23 P-ist $'.
IIOLSKS TO LET FIRSISHED.
NICELY furnished • sunny corner houso of 12
rooms to tent en Van Ness ave. Apply CEN-
TER & SPADEH. 11 Montgomery st.
OAK. 410— Elegantly fuml«bed house: 10 rooms
and 2 baths: larg* garden; grand view.
LOST A-MJ KOt.XO.
LOST — September 1, bulldog; color brlndls.
white chest and feet, ears and tail rut: collar
and license; answers to name "Major" of
"Kid"; |5 reward. 1310 Baker, near Gsary.
LOST — Passbook with Illbernla Savlnss Bank.
In name or Josephine Mccarty. Please re-
turn to bank.
LOST— Sept. 14. Irish setter pup: white breast
and Up of tail. 3:~»5 Mission st.; reward.
FOUND— Near Cliff House, ladles' gold watch;
initials on back; owner can have sutm? by
property. V. ANDiriAS, Cliff House fruu
*f»nd.
IT will pay to "Remember" that th«> CalSonsla
Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter st.. needs old
gold and silver to makp new watch rases.
MEDICAL.
MRS. DR. "VVYKV1J. specialist Tor all femaia
complaints; Instant relief guaranteed; Jit
years' experience; removed to 320 Pest st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable epec.alU: for ail t»*
male troubles and Irregularities; instant re-
lief guaranteed. IC^'-i Market St.. opp. 3th.
VALPEAU'S female pil>s; best regulating: pilia
soldi price $« 50 by express. Pasteur's
syringe and tablets; price 12 50. By express
only on receipt of price. OSGOOD BROTH-
ERS, wholesale druggists. Seventh aai
Broadway, Oakland.
DR. U. W. O'UONM-LL — All who ar* sick or
In trouble consult this specialist oa famal*
complaints: positively correctad; ta« unfor-
tunate helped: tha cost difficult cases ue*>
td; advice free. 'Office. 101S Marxat st
Dra. Goodwin, 733 Turk. nr. Van Ness^ — Expert
In cbetetrlca. female complaints: mat. r»l>f;
treatment (10: hours. 10 to 6; 23 yra. cxper.
MKS. I). ALLEN. Ills Market — Kellabl* Udlesr
tpecialist: a private bom* before and durteg
confinement: best medical care; low fees.
A maternity villa; private: secluded; conflden-
tlal. Dr. E. Funke. 1413 Eighth St.. Alameda.
DR. ROSEN moved to LUs5 Folsoci St. coe.
26th; relief tlO: ladles' exclusive ofHca.
DR. and Ml:s-. LfAVIEd and HINDOO HKKBi;
original method of treatment. 112« Market st.
DR. NG TOY KES, 319 Powell sr.. oppornt*
TTnl<m ma»r>: nil <7!^a?«>» cure<! b» b*rba.
WIXDERY.
LADIES, you are Invited to visit my millinery
evening to-day and to-morrow; imported and
New York hata. MME. DOSCII. 207 Post at.
MRS. RUMPLE will be pleased to meet old and
new friends at h<-r mlllln»rv rarior^.221 Geary
lUSCHLLANEOUS — FOB b.Ufi.
DOES YOUR KW*- LEAK? ~"^ ™~
Repair it with elaterite; in rolls easy to lay:
needs no painting or coatlns; good over cut
Iron, tin cr shlnsrles; best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Markst st.
2D-HD. machinery, boilers, englnec. t u:r.p.«.
pulleys, shartinc. etc.. etc.. bought, sold,
rented and exchanged: »ee Sunday papers.
II. S. WHITE M'CII'Y CO.. 130-132 Beala st.
A — Fine bUita, $7 60; dr»»s pants, *~- 5O. Origt-
cal Mlsnt Clothlnar Parlors. ZS3 Keamy »t..
near Bush; open to l> p. m. Suncay to noon.
A — $3 «» DERBY ar.il tedora hits, fl 7S. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kectrny st.. nsar
Pine; open till 9 p. m. Sunday to noon.
¦ A — BUYS, sells cr rents gear ma-h:cery, en-
,gtnes. boilers, watsr pioe. shafiiag. pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 2^3-255 Spear tt.
FOR SALE — A let of very fine moving pic-
tures; same as new. Novelty Theater, Oak-
land. Cal.
NEWSPAPEK route for sale; line chance for
the right man. AdJrvss N. a. LARSEN.
1715 Pacific ave.. Alameda.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair;
foot-fcrm sho!3 at $2 50; we pay expr<?^»
charge*. 11 ;id st.. Exam, bid.; catalog, free.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-har.d machinery. MoIN-
TOSH K -WOLPMAN. 106-197 Fremont st.
FOR sale — Railroad ticket to Denver; stop-over
privileges; cheap. Box 1270, Call office.
SAFE— Price $50. Bella Union Phoncgrapb
Parlors. 8C5 Kearny st.
A FINE 4 h -carat perfect white diamond at a,
bargain. 10 Sixth at.
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 317-423 Sacramento st.
A JULES JURGENSEN 5-m!r.u:« lepeatiai
watch: very reasonable. 10 Sixth st.
PAIR 3-kaxat diamond earrings at » bargain.
10 Sixth st.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, raataij
bargains. Bcllard & Breck. 131 Post st.
MILES cf plrw and nttibRS; all stzss. Eu-
GENE RILKT A SONS. 10ft Vallejo st.
MOVING picture Clm and sons slides. 104
Montgomery st.
SAFES— New and second-band. E. a BECK
& CO.. 122 Market st.
All bargains ;ear2p stoo!s and chairs, hammocks.
isetar begg.mattresses.J.r.Hotter.tllt Mission.
Ed!aon phonographs, records, snyplies. moving
picture machines, fll-rna. Baclgalupl. 833 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles ard launches,
all sixes. J. E. DOAK. 48 Fremont st.
ASK for prices on ••cortd-hand' typewriters: all
makea. AI.SXAXDKR CO., llf> Mont^y.
WISCKLLA^fKOCS 1VANT9.
BOOKS and libraries bought. H. C. HOLMES.
1140 Market St. ; phone Jessie 3741. or postal.
TILTON wants sood second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 Bth st. ; tel. J9*aio aSU
A BIO price raid for sealskin*; sead postal.
23 Htorkt.-n tt. : phon» Fu«h 4*4.
MONEY TO LOA-W.
! AAA— HERMAN Ml'RWIT, -
C01-tC2-6<Vi Examiner fculIdUie.
Quick tettlements; co disappotntment.
Save expenses by dealing directly
Est&tee --cond mortgages, undivided tn'ar-
csts asalgnmenta of rents, property In trust.
etc.; legacies lifs estates and undivided In-
ter«ets la property purchased
Coartcous treatment. Strictly conadenUaU
When Tou Nerd Money
See HERMAN MU11PHT.
ADVANCES on furniture and plaacs without
removal; to salaried people on their not*
without security or knowledge of employer;
lowest rates; best term*-. « ; uUke3t servic<- awl
absolute privacy; special rntea to municipal
employes <inl teachers. The National Credit
Co.. r. OS-69 Donohoe b!d.. 1170 Market «t.
HIGHLT reer;s«tab;e Frr»*te place tooMala
liberal alvances on diaroonda. Jewelry. 3ti
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry 3tor«. n*-t
Uarket St.: tel. Main 1644. Branch. 1» Third.
MON'ET loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters. hoardlng-!iotises. wlthoat
security; ensy payments; largest business la
4C prlnclaal cltie*. Tolman. B53 Parrot; blJg.
MUNICIPAL LOAN' OFKIC& 1CT Craat'aT*..
. LOANS FROM SI TO S10.0C0
S. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY— Leans to salaried
reojrts en their r.oie.
THE TOUSLST CO 143 Phelan Eld*.
ON furniture, piano; no removal. E. W. LICK
1003 Mutual Savings Ban!: tUU,-., 7t>8 M^rket-
1IOXEY lcanad 10 sa!arie«l e2iploye». G. *V.
MILLER, room 74. fifth floor. Chronic's bids.
S% ON furniture & places; ilT, ijp; no reireva:-
V. TREMAIN. room SI. C Cddy st.. Ccor 4."
ALL loans on .i!a T.-.rvJ? and jewelry 1 per c«n~
mo 8. F. Cotlatera! L-.an Eanic. KS Kcamr"
STAR Ixsan Co. of Wyoming loans moi« ta
talarisd employe*. R.Sll.Mutual Sar.BlLblft
CASH loaned salaried people on note* withaiai
%-Ao~*t morrku. «W Examiner »U™
M I ¦ ' ' i ' m '// i
\ w-C 0 >
If a Journey you'd take to the trainman you go
Information to get, for he's certain to know.
And 'tis eo with The Call, to which wise people turn
"When in business or news there is aught they would learn.
. We cive help in all lines, and the cost is but small
To secure flrst-class Jobs through Want Ads in The Call.Seattle Shipbuilder Harries.
KANSAS CITY. Mo.. Sept 11-WiIIiarn
Mo ran of Seattle, the shipbuilder, and
Miss Mary G. Williamson, of Piper. Kans..
were married this noon. Miss William
son's grandmother befriended Moran la
his boyhood. The couple went East oa
an extended tour.
ST. LOUIS. . S«3t-# 16.— Governor Dockery
has decided to> offer a reward of $500 tor Via
apprehension of D. J. Kelly, tefftslative mgsnz
of the bakinff powder trust. Kelly is now in
Canada, whither he Ced to avoii arrest.
Late Shipping Intelligence.
Stmr North Fork. Nelson. 23 hours from.
Eureka.
SAILED.
Sltnr Gualala. Johnson, M«?#?oclaoi.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
ASTORIA— Arrived. Sept 16— Stmr. South
Portland, hence Sent 13.
Bueita avenue produced Xv, same map: also all
interest of first parties In streets above named
adjoining or upon which said property abuts,
as also land formerly known as such street*,
but lately closed by authorities. Oakland TUnra
shir>; $10.
Blanche I. Ferry Obr O. E. Hotchkiss, at
torney) to Emily E. McFadden (widow), lot
on X line of Twenty-fourth street. 32 E of
Magnolia. E 64 by N ICO, block 642. Boar&nan's
map. Oakland; $10.
Frank M. and Catherine Davie to Hatti* I-
Wlchman. lot on NE line of East Sixteenth
street. 75 SB of Foartn avetme. SE 75 by NE
110 block 81. Clinton. East Oakland; $1&
William John* to Christiana J. Taorainjr. lot
on S line of Railroad avenue, 210 W of WU
lotr. W 40 by S 150, block 9. reap lands adj»«
cent to Enclnal. Alameda; $565.
Frederick and Anna C. famnuna to V. tL
Bridges. lot on S line of Pacific avenue. 230 W
of Walnut. W 4» by S 130:2. block 24, same
map. Alameda: $10.
Jane Berry Evans to F. P. Mailer, lot 03
S line cf Pacific avenue. 359 XV of Seventa
(Webster) W 54 by S 150. pcrtloa Aighln
baugh 223-aere tract. Alameda: $10i
C. and Met a Bucholtx to I. C." Lewis, tot on
SW line of Putnam street, 35 SE of Brandon.
"5E 36 by S"W 1OO. block 733. map Syndicate
Investment Company's subdivision or blocks
731. 732 and 753. etc.. Levy to Lane tract.
FrJitvaie. Brooklyn Township; $10.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page Haven.
WEDNESDAY. . SEPTEMBER 18. 1903."
Thomas G. "and Sarah J. Taylor to Paolo
Demartlnl, lot on SW corner of Filbert and
Octavla streets. S 27:6 by W 100; $10.
John T. and Belle. C. Harmea to Mand M.
McN.aU. (wlf« ef Maxwell), lot on NE corner
of Haight and Buchanan streets. E T8:3 by N
137:6; $10.
Robert and Tillie Lorentx to Hubert Galey.
lot on EE corner of O'FarreU and Buchanan
streets, E 31:3 by S 90; $10.
John J.. Mary A., Jeremiah and Catherine
Mahoney to August and Marie E. Schaefer, lot
on S line of Hayes street, 156:3 E of Stelner,
E BO by S 137:6; $10.
•Preston & McKinnon (corporation) to Jchn
Peters, lot on S line of Fulton street. 137:6 W
of Devlsadero W 50 by S 137:6; $5.
John and Annie M. Peters to Charles A. and
M. A. Carlson, lot on S line of Fulton street,
137:6 W of Devisadero. W 80 by S ICO: $10.
Burnhaxn & Marsh Company (corporation) to
Alice Walker, lot en NE corner of McAllister
street and Central avenue. N 77:5 by E 32:6;
$10.
Balrd Estate (corporation) to Edwin S.
Tucker, lot on 8 line of Haight street. 112:6
W cf Central avenue, W 25 by S 137:6; $1&
Frank H. Bates to Nettle C. Bates, lot on
E line of Belvedere street. 308:9 S ot Waller.
S 25 by E 121:10H; Rtit. *
Elizabeth Collins, Grace M. Oates, William
H. and Howard M. Collins to Maria L. Eccle
ston, lot on S line of McAllister street, 200 W
of Parker avenue, W 25, S 93:6. SE to point
200 W of Parker avenue. N 84:10 to begin
ning; $10.
Bernard E. or B. Ernst Tlttel to Joaie Tlttel.
lot on W line of Julian avenue. 155 IS of Six
teenth street. N 30 by W 100; $2000.
¦ Claus Otten to Anna Riechers. lot on NXV
comer of Twenty-sixth and Alabama streets, 1
N 26 by W ICO; $10.
Estates of Caroline Korbel (incompetent)
; and Anton B. Korbel (minor) (by Helena Kor
bel. guardian) to Francis and Anton Korbel.
lot on SE corner of Diamond and Twenty-sixth
streets, E 104:7. S 114. W to Diamond street,
N* to beginning; also lot on S line of Twenty*
sixth street. 154:7 E of Diamond, E 25 by S
114; also lot on SE corner of Battery and
Jackson streets. E 137:6. S l£0. W 50 N 60.
W 87:8. N €0; also lot on E Une -of Battery
street, 60 3 of Jackson. S SO fcy E 67:6:
Francis. Anna. Anton and Theresa Korbel to
F. Korbel & Bros, (a corporation), sanse; $10.
Eleanora. Zaruba. Helena K.. Caroline and
Lucia Korbel and Vazlav Zaruba to same,
same, quitclaim deed; $10.
Edward F. Franks and Edward D. Swift to
John Fischer, lot on NE corner of Clay and
Powell streets. N 40 by E 60; $10.
Henry M. and Georgy L. Whltely to Erarea
I*. Stanley lot on E line of Powell street, 77:6
N of Broadway. N 60 by E 60; $10.
W. Laurie and Ida M. Sanford to Charles
R. Petersen, lot on E line - of Leavenworth
street 60 N of Washington. N 45:6 by E 110;
»10. .
Belle S. Johnstone (Shlels) to Lacy H. Si
mons lot on E line of Leavenworth street. SO
N ot O'Farrell. N 32:6 by E 63:9, quitclaim
deed; $1.
Estat* of Annie Molony (deceased) (by Ed
ward Molony and William ' P. Slattery, execu
tors) t» -Napoleon Vasiiatos, undivided *$ of
lot on N line of Eddy street. 111:6 W of Leav
enworth. W 2tf by N 137:6; $15. COO. •
Jeremiah Molony to same, undivided tj cf
same; $10.
Real Estate and Development Company to
LouU Finken. lot on XV line of Vermont
street. 125 S of Mariposa S 25, W 8S:7H. MV
25:3. E 91:10; g^ant.
Solomon and Dora Getz to Margaret Wilson,
lot on W line of Forty-eighth avenue. 282 :6
N of M street. N 25 by W 120; $10.
Franef3 Korbel to F. Korbel & Bros, (a cor
poration), lot on E line- of Forty-second ave
nue 175 S of R street. S 75 by E 120; $10.
William Silver to Frank Silver, lota 460 and
4C1. gift map 1: $10.
Thomas and Mrs. L. C. Johnston or John
son to Elias Wolf, lot on S line of Sadowa
street. 505 W of Capitol. W 25 by S 125. lot
15 block C, Railroad Homestead Association;
$10.
Ellas Wolf to Helena Daniels, same; S10.
Margaret Boothby to Milo J. GHIett. lot on
E line of Glrard street 100 S of Wooisey,
S 25 by E 120. lot 25, biock 7, University
Mound; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
Albert Wilford (owner) with H. F. Hind
(contractor), architect All work for a 3
story frame building on lot on n line of
Seventh avenue. 110 N of Fulton street, N
25 by E 120; $6600.
George F. Winterburn (owner) with Robert
Grar.t & Son (contractors), architects Dodge &
Dolliver — All work for a 2-story and base
ment residence en lot on W tine of Ashbury
street, 237 S of Frederick. W 1C«:3 by S 23;
$41S5.
Alameda County.
Cary Howard to G«org» N. Simmons, lots 4
and 35. E 20 f«t of lot 3" and W 7 Jeet of lot
5, block C. map Broadway and Telegraph Ave
nue Park Tract (said above fractional lots to
be measured on Weston avenue or Thlrty
eijhth street. frontagre*. Oakland; $10.
James A. Council (single) to E. C. Alexan
der, lot on NE line of Perry street, 50.083 SE
from Its intersection with dividing line be
tween lots 4 and 5. block T. thence NTV 30.065.
NE 2<J0, SE 30, SW 2C8, being the NW half of
lot 3, block T, revised map of Oakland
Heights, Oakland: $10.
Henrietta B. West (Prngh) and Wilbur S.
West (husband) to Robert O. Gray, lot on W
line of Willow street. 35 N of Taylor. N 23 by
W ICO, block 701. Boardman's map, Oakland;
$10.
Union Saving Bank to George J. Sarver, ,iot
on SW line of East Fifteenth street. 1C0 SE
of Ninth avenue. £E 45 by SW 145, block 60,
Clinton, etc.. East Oakland; $10.
P H. or Phillo H. and Rhcda B. Thornton
(wife) to J. il. Risley. lot en E line •£ McGee
avenue, 230 S of Adciison street, E 13O by S
50, lot 13. block 4. McGee Tract, portion of
plat t>7, ttc. Berkeley: $10.
Thomas Stott or Scott and Mcdena I. Scott
(wife) to J. M. Miranda, lot S. plat C. subdi
vision map of p r at C. Ladd Estate. Livermore.
Murray Township; $5.
Lottie C. Smith (Cozad) (wife of Dnacac
Smith > to Same, same, quitclaim deed; $1.
Eenry C. and Ellie A. Campbell to Josephine
W Cenni (wife of F. M.). lot on W tine of
Walswcrth avenue. 80.53 S from SW corner of
Twenty-ninth street. -3 42.95, NW 145.67. NE
4«i SE 130.03. lot 3. map subdivision lot 3.
Walswortn lCO-acre Tract, etc.. Oakland; $itt.
Robert O. and Mary Gray (wife) to Wllber
S. West, lot on S line of Thirty-fifth or Walton
street. 194 W of Telegraph arenue. W 40 by
S 110:10. portion of lot 14. block B, map of
portion estate of A. C. Brown. Oakland: $10.
Charles R. and Etta C. Allen (w^fe) to Rob
ert Grier. lot on S line of Thirty-sixth street.
471 :S E ot San Pablo avenue. E 5O by S 10«l:9.
teicg lot 49. W 12:6 of lot 5O and E 12:8 of
lot 4S map No. 2, Mitchell Tract; Oakland;
$u>.
George and Mrs. E. J. or Elizabeth J. BHdall
(wife) to R. W. Scholes, lot on W line of
Locksley avenue. 243 S of Clifton street, S 50
by W ICO. being S 35 feet cf lot 19 and N 13
feet • of lot 20. map of Locksley Square, Oak
land: $10.
William A. and Nancy E. Dcnaldson to Chris
ten ChrUtlanson, lot on SE line of Thirteenth
avenue. 125 NE of E Twenty-second street, NE
73 by SE 120. block 140, Clinton, East Oakland;
$10
Walter and Annie Sorensen (wife) to Frank
and Ada Adelseck (wife). lot on W line of Har
per street. 160 N of Ashby avenue, N 40 by W
122.33 block 9. amended map and
of Central Park. Berkeley; $10.
Evergreen Cemetery Association - (a corpora
tion) to John F. Kesatas. lot In cemetery; $100.
Richard J. and Mary McGee (wife) to Patri
cia E. Garland (single). lots 19 and 20, trubdi
vislon F. map of Fruitvale Terminal Tract,
Brooklyn* Township: $10.
Amelia S. A. Andersen fAmella S. Anderson)
(Amelle S. Hunter) and F. A. or Francis A.
Hunter (husband) to James L»r Bargones, lot
on E line of Sherman street. 150 S of Railroad
avenue. S 25 fay E 130. lot 54. block 27. Home
stead of Mary A. Fitch. Alameda: HO.
Benjamin : and Carrie B. Funcheon (wife) to
Doris Gansberger (single), lot on NW corner
of Adams and Third streets. N ISO by W 130,
being SE H of block 9. San Lorenzo, Eden
Township; prant. . •
George N. and Mary B. Andrews (wife> to
Louis D- R*«b (single), lot on S line of. Thir
tieth or Campbell street. 22T:6 "W of "West.
W 37:8 by S 140. portions lota 7 and S. block
B map- Whitcher & Brockhurst tracts, Oak
land: -510. *IBPWI
Adam and Frances Jacobs (wife) to Blanche
I. Ferry (single), lot on N I line of . Twenty
fourth, street. 32 E of Majrnolla, N 10<) by E
64. block f4-. Bcanlman's map. Oakland: S1O.
James T. or J. Y. • and Jessie Ecciestoa
(wife) to Heron-Holcomb Company (corpora
tion) lot on E line of Telegraph avenue. 60
N of Grant av«»u*. N- 40 by.. E. 110. portions
lots S3 and S4. amended map subdivisions oC
ilosswood Tract. Oakland; $10.
Heron- Hdcorab "¦ Company ( corpora tlon) to
Arrllla Cary, same. Oakland; SlCk
Charles A. and Alice C. Bailey (wife) to
Domltila Morris (widow), tot on W line of
Eighth street. 222 S of Addlson, 3 SO by.W
135. portion lot 11. block 104, Allaton Tract.
Berkeley; $10.
A H. Payson- (as trustees of • the Atchiscn.
Ttrreka and Santa Fe Railway Company.' a cor
poration), to Oakland and East Side Railroad
Company, lot en NW corner of San Pablo and
Yerba Baena avenues, N 400 by W 2T0. betas
S 14 block 3, map part of plat e. Krilersbcr
ger's sur»e7. V. and D..Peralta Rancao prop
erty. J. S. Emery. Emeryville: also lot oa NW
corner of Emery street and Yerba Buena. ave
nue ' N 400 by Vf 260. being S H block. 6. same:
also lot'on NW corner of. Watts street and
Tertoa Buena avenue. N 4C0 by W 2fiO, bein? S
4 blocl: 9. same; also tot on NW corner of
Harlan street and Terba Buena avenue, Jf 400
by W 27C. being S % block 12. eame; also lot
on N'W corner of Haven street and Terba Bu
ena avenue. N 4CO by W 25O. being 3 H block
15. same: also lot on NW corner of Hollls stre«t
«nd Terba Buena avenue, N 40ft by W 26^-be
ins S *i block IS. same; also lot oh NW cor
ner of HoldMi street and Yerba Buena avenue.
N 4C0 by W 268, belnx S U block 21. same;
also let on NTV cfirner, of Horton • street and
Yerba Buena avenue. N 400 by XV 268, being s
1, block 24, same; also lot on N'W corner of
Hubbard street and Yerb« Bueca avenae N
4CO. W 133. S 75.. W 133. S 325. E 28«. being
portion S *rt' block 27. sam#: also lot on W line
of HaUeck street. 173 S of Park avenue. W 225.
5 €50, E 4:0, N 625, being portion block 30 and
all block 33. same map: also beginning at In
tersection . of W . boundary line of rtxht of way
of Northern Railway Company * with y Yerba
Buena avenue produced W. N 1 155. W 37S.13 3
285. E 3SO. portion block 33, lying- N cf N Yerba
CX.O3EJG QUOTATIONS.
WETJXESDAT, Sept. IS— 4 p. ra.
Bid. Ask- B1d.As2c
Alpha C8 10 Julia. ........ 02 OS
Alta « Cejuatlce 08 10
Andes 1^ IS Kentuck ...;. (C Ki
Belcher ...... 24 2S Mexican 1 (', 1 10
Best & Belch. 1 75 2 0O Occidental ... 35 - 57
Bullion 04 «5Op6ir DSO 1 85
Caledonia 91 93 i>verm»a ..... 25 2«
Challenge Con 33 33 Potosl ....... ' S4 25
Chcllar 23 23 Bavag* 2« 2S
Confidence... 85 90 Scorpion ¦• C2 04
Con Cal A V.I 50 1 53 Be? Belch 10 12
Con Imperial. 04 CS Sierra X«» .. 84 66
Con N T 19 2O Sliver H1U .. 72 74
Crown Point.. 13 14 St- Louis 1« . is
Eureka 'Con.. 4O LO Syndicate ..>„ — , e«
Exchequer ... 12 13 Union Con ..63 67
Gould & Cur. 29 3OUtah 1« 17
Hale & Korea S3 55 Yellow Jacket 33 54
Lady Wasb, . . M ©6
TONOPAH MINES.
. Did. Ask Bld.AsJu
rolehan .. 1O 23 Rescue Cft IO
E«rp«ranxa ... 02 M.Ton Belmont.l •«> 1 «S
Gipsy Qae«n. — 2« Ton & Cal... 21 27
Gold M Con. — 1» Tea & G W. .— • .;,',
Lacfcy.Tom... — . 07. Ton of Ner.. — SOU
MacNamara . 15 17,Ton N Star.. 45 4«
Mont Ton ... 8O 81 'Ton Midway..' 40 4»
paymaster... Xt 14. Ton * 3 Lake- — 4S
Pisa Grove... 5O .— Ca Toa «» OS 10
John LeClalr, the comedy ioggfer;
George Schlndler. the harmonica virtuoso
from Vienna; Anderson and "Wallace,
travesty artists; Henry Clive, the Aus
tralian magician, and other hlgh-cla33
specialty people are pleasing large audi
ences at the Chutes every afternoon and
evening. To-night after the regular per
formance the amateurs will appear," con
cluding their portion of the entertainment
with a new and novel series of living pic
tures.
• *¦,":• - : •
The unusually strong programme at
the Orpheum is serving to crowd the
house at every performance. Next Sun
day will come Falke and Semon. noted
musical comedians; Charles Ernest, a
famous monologise and other leading
vaudeville lights. Mr. Bond and his com
pany will present for the first time on any
stage an original burletta, "Hehearslaz a
Tragedy."
At the Central 'The Cherry Pickers"
has proved an Immense drawing card this
week. Its spectacular scenes and power
ful climaxes create Intense Interest and
enthusiasm. It will crowd the house for
the balance of the week. Xext Monday
night Dion Boucicault's famous sensa
tional melodrama. "After Dark," will be
put on with fine scenic effects. ,
Florence Roberts Is crowding 1 the AI-.
cazar nightly with her magnificent per
formance of "ilagda" and the capacity
of the house will continue to be taxed all
week. This afternoon the second souvenir
matinee of D'Annunzlo's "Gioconda" will
be given and great popular Interest Is be
ing shown In the brilliant wortc of the
Italian poet. Next Monday evening Miss
Roberts will appear In "The Adventure of
Lady Ursula," Anthony Hope's delightful
romantic comedy.
"Everyman" will close on Sunday night
at Lyric Hall and next week Augusta
Cottlow, the planlste. Is announced for
the next attraction.
• -.;:• >-'••
"H Trovatore." will be sung by the
Tivoll grand opera troupe Friday and
Saturday nights and to-night and Sunday
Eight and Saturday matirfce "La Sonnam
bula" will be rendered. Music lovers are
enjoying to the full the splendid presenta
tions of grand opera accorded at such low
prices.
Fischer's Theater is enjoying Its usual
prosperity under the production of "The
Glad Hand" and 'The Con-curers."
Both are excruciatingly funny and filled
with bright music, which combination
promises a long run.
"A Friend of the Family" has ciada
merry audiences at the California all this
week. Commencing next Sunday the com
edy opera "The Chaperons" win be grven
with a large and excellent company. '
• • •
The Pollard Lilliputian Opera. Company
continues to draw large audiences at tne
Grand and everybody whd attends comes
away satisfied and gratified. **The Lady
Slavey" will be the bill for to-nisht and
for Friday and Saturday nights and Sat
urday matinee "The Geisha" will be pre
sented.
Henry Miller and Margaret Anglln wCl
close their season* at the Columbia Satur
day night in "Aitermatn." which has b«ea
their offering XMa week, follow!;^ them
the musical comedy. "The Prince ot Pil
sen," which has met with great success
In the Cast, will b« presented. A high
class cast is promised and the advance
sale of seats la said to be large.
Florence Roberts Remains a
Strong Attraction at
Alcazar.
Give Way to Musical
Comedy.
Miller and Anglin Will
WEEK'S DOINGS
AT PLAYHOUSES
BEAT. ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
4 ¦ ,-v t ¦¦: c k v :¦¦'" . ¦ ' • - - - ¦ , ¦ •. • . -* ¦
» THE SAIST FBANCISCO CALL., THUESDAY,. SEPTEMBER. 17,-1903.
13
n^JL^ESTATE — CITY— FOR »*f JEX
G. H. UMBSEN i'cO. . 20 Montgomery St.
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION v*. '
Of Investment, residence and unimproved
properties will be held at our salesroom Men-
day. September 21. at 12 o'clock noon.
MARY A. ROBERTS ESTATE.
Administrator's Sale.
The followtng three properties must be sold
to close the above estate, subject to conflrma-
ticn ty the court:
. 1S31-3 Ellis st.. bet. Pierce and Scott sta.;
improvements ccnslst ef 2 frame dwellings. 8
rocirte and bath each; rents ?65 per month; lots
30x75.
C)
1«C9 Ellis St.. bet Pierce asd Scott: substan-
tial improvements consist of 3-story frame
dwelling cf 12 rocma and bath; rent $45 per
month; let 30x73.
Randall st.. north line. bet. Dame and Whit-
ney; desirable buiUIcg lot. 25x125.
CHOICE EDDY-ST. HOLDINGS.
076 EdJy et.. north Use. bet. Franklin and
Gcugh; gcod. substant'al 3-story frame dwell-
ing containing 12 rooms and bath: splendid
holding to remodel fir flats or apartment house;
lot 37x120. with 2 frontages.
JACKSON-ST. LOTS.
Jackson St.. north side. bet. Hyde and Lar-
kin; 5 very desirable butfdicg lets, suitable for
residences or flats; rents are proportionately
higher In this section than in any other portion
of the city: lots 27:<5xl37:<3 each.
MISSION-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
Mission st.. west line. txr. Eighteenth an-1
Nineteenth; 2 choice buiUir.g lets, in splendid
business location: 23x< : 0 each
OREEN-ST. RESIDENCE.
2427 Green et.. bpt. Pierce and Scott; elegant
modem residence. 10 rooms and bath. In per-
fect crder; rent $50 per month: this dwelling Is
located in a very choice residence section; lot
27x127 "SVi
CHOICE MISSION CORNER.
Northeast corner Thirteenth and Isis sts.. bet.
i Fclscm acl Harrison; Improvements consist cf
j store and 3 room?, flat of 5 rooms and bath
: and 2 dwellings cf fS rooms ana bath each; all
I In perfect order and steadily rented for $S0 50
per month: lot ZOx^d.
CHOICE CORNER INVESTMENTS.
501 Harriscn st., southwest corner First;
improvements consisting cf 5 flats, 8-6-3 rooms
• ar.d bath each; rents. ?119 per month; let 43x
I ICO. .
<2>
410 to 416 First Ft., near Harrison; lmprove-
; irer.ts consist of 4 flats 5 rooms each; rents $30
per menth: lot 75x73.
CHOICE MISSION FLATS.
3735-7 Seventeenth et.. bet. Church and San-
I chez; improvements consist of 2 bay-window
! Cats 5-*> rcctris and bath each; rents J47 50 per
I month ; let 25x100.
BRYANT-ST. CORNER INVESTMENT.
321 Eryar.t St.. southwest ccrner Ellery, bet.
) First and Second; new. modern building con-
taining- 10 flats of 4-5 rooms and bath each;
rents >35 pr menth: let 2Sx5O. %
CHOICE NOE-ST. BUILDING LOTS.
Noe st.. east line. bet. Fifteenth and Market;
4 deEirable building lots. 23xl4t? Irregular.
Fcr catalogue and further particulars apply
to G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
20 Montgomery st.
THE CHEAPEST lots that are for sale In th«
entire Western Addition; well located and
en the csmrjr side of the street, having a
grand martn- view that makes them desir-
able for rfsidences cr flats; on north side
Union, west of Broderlck; size 25x100; only
SltZQ; cars rass: cash or installments; first
payment $100; ready for building: street sew-
ered; pas, water and electricity ready to turn
on. W. J. GUNN, 530 California st. (Savings
Unlcn Building.)
THOSE cheap lets north of the Park are
felling fast: JST5 and $900; graded: 3 lines
cf cars; street work done; gas. water, elec-
tricity en streets; the last chance for such
cheap lots with all these • advantages: fine
location fcr flats: ir-slde of ICth ave. W. J.
GUNN. 5."0 California st.
CKOICE lots, elevated and sitely; west side 6th
ave.. north of Lake; ready for building; 25x
120; street work done; water, gas and elec-
tricity ready to turn en; a few steps from
the electric cars; $I4O. cash cr installment*,
to suit; first payment $100; if you are looking
for a building site you will go no further
after you see these lots: the neighborhood
Is building up with a superior class of horces;
It Is a £n« location. W. J. GUNN. 530 Cali-
fornia st. (Savings Union Building.)
WILLITS'. WILLITS!
MENDOCINO COUNTY.
Business lots; building lots; prices within
the reach cf all; Invest now while the prices
ar» low; WlUits is the terminus of t!:e Cali-
fornia Ncrth western Railroad; when Clover-
dale was the terminal its growth started;
when the terminus changed to Uklah it did
the same, and 'Willits, with Its ri.?h sur-
rounding country, must naturally foilow la
the same line; see this property on Sunday,
September 20th: boat leaves 7:30 by Tiburoa
Ferry; tickets, $3 round trir. ar.d free buses
wlll-'ecnvey ycu to the property: tickets can.
be secured at our office, or at CoO Market st.
W. II. MENTON, maaarer Country Lan-1
Departar.ent-
BURNHAM «: MARSH COMPANY, 211
Montgomery st.
$1400 — Modern cottage; 5 rooms and bath; city
wattr; lot 50x100; $150 cash, $23 monthly.
$1500 — 5-rooni ccttage; redwood finish ; electric
lights; hct end cold water: easy payments.
SXOOO — Lot «Oxl35 en main avenue; $20 month,
i $2000 — 2-etory house; etore and 11 rooms: city
water and well; broad street; macadam-
ized. A34.
|?mrt H«Tf block by the Santa Fe: $50 month.
j $1500— Lot for factory cite. 221x125. 172.
$2000 — House. 4 roon-.s, attia and high base-
ment; lot 1O>x1G0: street macadamized.
A7*.
\ $1000^ — Ccrner, 83x100, on railroad; $15 montn.
! $1200 — Hcuse, 5 rooms; barn; well; macadam.
AM.
| $430 — Cabin, 1 room: lot 32x125; near station.
CHAS. A. BAlLfeY, 1056 University ave,.
¦ near San Pablo ave., Berkeley.
¦ .
I
I A BARGAIN*— $4250; ' CORNER LOT. 2
FLATS. LOT 25x114; 194 CUPPER ST.
EEE OWNER ON PREMISES.
- -
BARGAIN' — Two handsome new residences of
6 rcoms and bath: eucny, modern and up to
date ' in every particular; Nos. Wfi and 8CS
Clayton Ft. near Oc'..i<»n Gate Park; price
$ol» « and $^40O. Apply R. D. CRANSTON
& POXS. 114 Montgomery st.
V.HY PAY RENT? $40O for house and lot.
J35 — Mast sell level lot at any price.
$400 for 4 beautiful lots. S. V. water, etc.
$1200— 4-rocm ccttage, bath, toilet, etc., near
cars.
THISTLETON. 272 Sadog-a st. Ocean View.
FORCED sale of 2 cottaees. 5 r. and b.. on
2«5th St.. near Castro: one change In a life-
time; $100 down and $20 rer mor.th. 1245
Sanchez.: J.'tfiO down and $20 p»r month.
D. COFFIN & CO.. 3303 • Mission st.
BUILD en your ynimoroved realty: we loan
foil ccst imcrov. and rart lot at 0 per cent.
MANHATTAN LOAN' CO.. Crocker building.
5-ROOM house and outbuil lings; frse water;
Ku'taile fcr poultry or hounds': 100x125 ft.;
also unimproved 75x125. 123 Palmetto ave.
FOR sale — House S rms.; high basement: sunny
*!¦!• 13th. bet. Valencia and Mission- no reas.
cfTer refused. Stephens & Co.. Cn!on-«q. Mkt.
MARKET and Dolores — 75x^0 feet, unim-
proved. Fe« owner's sign en premises.
MARKET and Dolores — 75xS0 feet, unlni-
Frr.ved. See owner's sign on premises.
I'OIVT RICHMOXD REAL ESTATE.
; WATER Trr-nt let* and barya'ns: all tracts;
mr« ritrtm #t<\ BT^LL. 417 Parrott bldr
! REAL ESTATE Country — For Sale.
2 ACRES land, adjoining Union Park. Colma;
fenct-d hedges around land; good house;
chicken-houses, water; reasonable; chickens,
tacks. R. E. THORNTON. 410 Examiner bid.
i ALFALFA lands, ttock ranches, orchards,
vineyards: Inspected bargains; monthly cata-
locues sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 643
Market rt.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
OWNER of choice Berkeley real estate would
like to exchange for seme in this city. Ad-
dress bcx 414S. CaU offlce. ¦ .
PBOPEBTY TUE.tCH.UGE.
FOR sale, or will exchanxe for gratn land.
Sacramento cr San Joaauin counties pre-
ferred, a $^i00 stock of ceneral merchandise,
groceries and provisions; also the Etore build-
Ing, barn and dwelling If desired; value
tUW. Addrfgw hex 4S. Falrfleld. Cal.
PROPERTY WA.VTED. ~~
WANTED— First-class cattle ranch from $15 .
000 to $25,000; must have good water, ransr-
etc. Answer in detail to FRED A, BRIT-
TEN. 4C1 Hayes St.. San Francisco.
STORAGE AM> W.VREHOCSES.
A— EMPORIUM Etorace St Van Co.; furniture
household goods stared, moved, shipped. 72sl
731 Howard St.. near Third; phone Grant 1(51.
PIERCK-RCDOLPH Storage & Moving- Co. of-
fice Post and Powell sts.; teL PriT. . Ex. , 671.
CO.N'XLIN'S storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave.; phone East 128.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made- 840
Mission St.; tel. Howard 341. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC^ Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore St.: phone Jackson 2SL-
EEKINS Vts and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
St.: te!. Main 1*40. Shipping at cm rates-.
SPECIALISTS.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES In EARS
positively cored; new method; 1 week's treat-
dent free. Dr. Cottlng-ham. 204 gutter st.
AUMEBA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA RE AX ESTATE. " ' >_^ : . '
JTST WHAT YOU ARE LOOKING FOR. ,
A PRETTY HOME DI ALAMEDA.
Earrounded by flowers and fruit trees; near
train and schools; only $2850; lot, 75x125.
Nice 5-room ccttage and bath.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
TeL Grand 14161 1500 Park st., Alameda.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS,
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
I HERE IT IS.
7-rocm house, bath, patetit toilet, stationary
tubs, chlsa closet: large lot; convenient to
both ferry lines; price $2250; terms $150
cash, balance easy payments. '
O. A. RUDOLPH.
Open Sunday. Lorin.
BEAT THIS. —
A new 5-room cottage; bath, patent toilet,
stationary tubs; close to station and street
cars; price $1550; terms $100 cash, balance to
-6-it.
O. A. RUDOLPH.
j Open Sanday. Lorin.
| A BARGAIN. ~~~ ~~~~~~
6-room cottage; bath, toilet, stationary tubs;
large lot; fruit trees, flowers; chicken-house
and yard: price $1600; terms $100 cash, bal-
ance same as rent.
O. A. RUDOLPH.
Open Sunday. Lorin.
i CHENEY & BERRY'S SPECIALS.
10 lots near Grove st.; $400 to $500; ia-
' etallments.
: One acre cheap; Xorth Berkeley; $1500.
House 6 rooms and bath; east of Telegraph:
i lot 60x120; $2250.
Will build to suit on Parker ave.. near
Grove, and sell on installment.
House of 7 rooms and bath; new and mod-
I ern; lot 35xlC0; Derby, east of Telegraph;
; $4000; cheap.
A barg-aln — 60x130; Prince and Fulton; $600;
easy payments.
nrrvry a tippuv *
P. O. Block. Berkeley.
FRUITY ALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
I $3200 — MODERN cottage of 6 rooms and bath'
high basement; barn, tank and windihiir
family orchard; lot 50x14'). Inquire on prem-
ises, first house en Fremont ave., oil East
Fourteenth St.. Fruitvale. C. G. DANNET.
I OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 iJKOADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
' $100 CASH and $50 a month buya new, colonial
; house; fine marine view: centra! and con-
venient; dinlng-rcom paneled in curly red-
wood; even and nickel plumblnr; lot 50x
145; surrounded by majrniflcent homes;
owner prefers to sell on terms rather than I
rent: $50 a month refused as rent for this
house; a rare opportunity to buy a mag-
nificent home same as paying r*nt; abso-
lutely as represented and price $1000 lesa
than cost to duplicate. ?
GEORGE W. AUSTIN or J. S. MYERS
I 1002 Broadway. Oakland.
I $250 CASH, $S 50 monthly win buy a nlca 4-
room cottage, bath, pantry, closets; Al well
of water, none better In quality; large shed
barn ar.d patent chicken-house; loads of
shrubbery, small fruit and flowers; some
Toucg fruit trees, two ornamental palm trees.
2 lots C4xl00, all nicely fenced In; a lovely
Eection adjoining East Oakland, away from
! raw winds and fogs, sure; come and Eee it,
for it is a bargain. Call or send for circular. |
453 Seventh St., opp. Broadway station. Oak- I
land: carriage free: price all told $S30. 'H.~
Z. JONES. Lan«l Owner. •
OAKLAAD FtRXITHRE FOR SALE.
. TO-MORROW the day for bargains tn furnt-
ture. H. Schellhaas. 11th st.. cor. store. Oaklnd.
ROOMS FOR HOlSEliCCl'I.VK.
ANTLERS. 415 Turk st— Strictly modern; 4-3
room apartments; fur, or un'ur. for hskpg.
| BUSH. 2133—2 sunny rooms tnd small kitch-
en; running water, gas range. • .
j CHESTERFIELD, Bush. bet. Stockton. Powell
— Mod. apartments; nearly com.; call 1 to 4.
! EDDY. 216 — 2 housekeeping rooms, complete;
nr.nir.g water, gas for light and cooking;
basement; cheap rent; also single rooms.
| ELEVENTH. 106 — Sunny furnished rooms for i
cousekeeplng. :
j FELL, 229 — Elegantly furnished suites for j
housekeeping; bath, gas, rantce; adults.
> FIFTH. 43S— Single rooms. $1 per week; house-
; keeping. $1 50 up.
HERBERT (The) — STinny apartments for
housekeeping; gas ranges; Just newly fur-
nlsbed. 1530 Polk St. 4
' HOWARD. 1CC3 — 2 sunny connecting complete-
ly fur, bay-wind, rms.; elec. lights; others.
' LARKIN. 4.'53I-Furnlshed rooms for house-
keeping.
; OAK. 117 — Nicely furnished suite; gas range,
hot bath, laundry; $9; adults.
ST. JAMES. McAllister and Laguna— Furnish-
ed sunny suite with separate sunny kitchen;
ras range; all complete, for housekeeping:
$15 ap.
STOCKTON. 12C<>— Model: housekeeping; front;
new furnished; $3-$I2; phone, gas. bith, sunny.
I THE GUIrapie. 119 Ninth St.— Nicely furnished
rooms. $1 60 to $3 per week; phone; quiet.
; ;
t KOO.MS TO LET Pnra. stud Infars.
j A HANDSOMELY furnished. nan=y bay-win-
dow room in private residence, four block*
: from Park entrance, and wit'ain easy walk-
Ing distance of Affiliated Colleges. $13; also '
'arge unfurnished room with private en- |
¦ trance: gentlemen only. Address box 1708. !
\ Call office , ¦
j A— BRUNSWICK House. liS Sixth- Room*
20c to $1 per night. $1 25 to $5 per week and
: ligbt housekeeping rooms; rpen all night.
j AT "The Almonte." 873 Usrket st. (or No. 1
Fifth st.) — Rooms. 25c. !>Cc. *1. SI 60 Bight:
; *1 HO to ?10 week; bouw open all night.
I BURNETT, 1426 Market— fold No. 1364)— Far-
nished rooms, rultes. single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason — Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDT. SOO — Beautifully furnished apartments
in elegant flat; also single rooms.
EIGHTH. 10^— Bay-window front room for
gentleman and wife or two gentlemen.
FOLSOM. 90414—2 large sunny^ furntshed
rooms. <8 and >7; private family.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mis«io?i — Rooms 8O0
to $1 50 night; t2 to %3 week; reading-room.
HOTEL GRAYSTONE
66 Geary sL; phone Bush SSO.
Centrally located fireproof hotel; elegantly
furnished suites, with baths and singles.
HYDE. 819 — 2 sunny front rooms, en suite or
single; reasonable to right parties.
JESSIE. 3(33, east of U. S. Mint— Furnished
•rooms, |5 per month: for 2, $10.
JONES, 919 — Comfortable sunny room; bath;
reasonable; central; private family.
O'FARRELL, 20 — Sunny iurnlshed rooms and
offlcea; elevator: elec lights: day, week. mo.
POST, 103-S— Nicely furnished rooms in a new,
modern flat; central.
ROYAL House. 12U Ellis— Incandescent lights,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms per night. 35c to $1 £0; week. $2
I to' $S; month. $S to S3©; elevator on ground
Coor; rooms with hot and cold .water; baths.
ST. .JAMES. McAllister and Laguna— Front
tunny roomi: all new; very cheap; telephone
I Page 5751.
UNITED STATES, 123 Eddy st.. near Market—
400 single and family rooms; S5» to $1 nisht-
$1 75 to $6 week'; elevator; electric lights;
reading-room; free bus and baggage.
WINCHESTER Hotel,' 44 3d «.. near Market—
¦ Most convenient and respectable; 7C0 rooms;
E5e to *1 50 »i!ght: $2 to $3 week; elevator;
elec lights; reading-room; free bus; baggage.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
ROOMS A.\U BOARD.
STEVENSON Mansion, bU7 Cantorwa st. At-
tractive and sightly rooms; best table and
1 service: lowest . rates. -^JgflBtigKiBMfetagWBa
VAN NESS ave.. 1714 — Private boarding-house
borne like, everything first class; sunty
suites; single rooms; choice locality; ref. ,
PAGE, 151— Rooms and board In suites or sepa-
rate; modern: homelike; $20 each. ¦
THE LAKE, 268 Turk — Nicely furnished
rooms with board.
8EWIX G MACHINES AND SUPPLIES
NEW HOME sewing machine, this week only,
$10. $15. $20; slightly Used: needles 20c do*.
XEW HOME S. M. CO- 1031 Market St.
STUTTEIU5G AXD STAMMERING.
MELBOURNE System School. Van Neai and
Market: pogltive cure for all. Don't delay.
TYPEWRITERS ASD SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN^TYPEWRITtErs— We"
sell better machines for less money than any
' noose in the city: rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 536 California; telephone Main 26ft.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each: get par-
ticulars! L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
V gomery st. - • ¦ - -
2D-HAXD typewriters sold, rented, • repaired.
Webster Typewriter Inspec. Ca. 508 Market.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage license* were laoued
yesterday :
James B. Maker, 27. Mlddletown, and Pau-
line Brush, 24. Middletown.
B. James Kincdon, 21, Oakland, and Ella
Rlley. 21. ' Palermo. . "
Alfredo Puccl. 29, IS Valparaiso street, and
Catterina Chio. 25. 71 Water street.
I Charles H. Bell. 21, Colusa, and Hattie M.
Robinson, 1?, Woodland.
WHUam II. Backstedt. 21, 1322 Filbert
street, and Alice McTernan, 20, 147 Hartford.
Louis Rasmusscn. 2S. 2001 Folsom street,
and Carrfe E. Halloway. 22, Oakland. I
David M. Johnstone, 26, city, and Gertrude
E. Harvey. 25; city.
Frank P. Medina, 47, city, and Eva G. An-
derson, 2!>, city. • ' ¦
Henry C. Lynch. 46, 615B Mason street, and
Lillie T. Yates.. 40, Oakland.
Charles R. Cathcart. 27, 12 Grove street,
and Gertrude G. Randall, 20, 721 Golden Gate
avenue.
Arthur C. Nahl, 21. Llano. Mexico, and Jes-
sica M. Davi5, IS, 1722 Pine street.
John F. Schleth, 2t>, Petalama, and Katie
Behr, 23, Petaluma.
George Betnent Jr., 4.">, East Oakland,' and
Beatrice Harris. 35. Eltnhurst.
Samuel E. Cochran. 2.">. Pasadena, and Kath-
erine Douglas, 25^ Brston. Mase.
Louis Wood. 21, 48 Germania avenue, and
Sadie Cohen. IS. 247 Garden street.
I Jeremiah D. McCarthy, 21, city, and Maria
1 A. Buckley, 21, city.
Frank T. Fltzmaurice. 2S, Vallejo, and Mar-
gareta M. Ward. 2t?. city.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at eitf>er of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the eame published. .
BORN.
URI — In San Leandro. September 5. 19C3, to
the wife of Aaron Uri, a son.
WIELAXD — In Sacramento. September 12,
1903. to the wife of Fred A. Wieland. a
daughter.
married] ~
LYNCH — YATES — In this city. September 18,
1903, by the Rev. Bradford Leavltt, Henry
C. Lynch and Lillie T. Yates.
OTTERSBACH — SCHROEDER — In this city,
September 14, 1903, by the Rev. G. A. Bern-
thai, P.- Joseph Ottersbach and Emma
Schroeder. ,
~~~ DIED. — ~
Allen, Charles Kerrison. Ann
Anderson, Myaran A. Larsen. Maria
Berg. John B. Meyer, Peter
Buckbee. Rev. C. A. Miller, .Frank
Clements. Matthew Regll. Stanislaus
Corbus. Mary A. Ralchsrath, Louis F.
! Crandail, George M. Rodriguer. Helen, D.
'< Davies, Capt. David Homer, Marinus
I Day. Mrs. A. P. Rossi, Antonio
Doran, Margaret Rothenstein, Rae
Dozler, Nettle Rowan, Peter
Farrell. John J. Schwartz, Isidor'
Gallagher, Catherine Shields, Isaac A.
Goodwin, Laura Simmons, Phebe L.
Griffith (infant) Sjogren. Olaf
Gomex. Joseph Thompson, Chas. F.
Heffernan, Catherine Van Frank, Lucy A.
Hennessey, John Vincant, Henry R.
* Juzix, Leopold Williams, Fannie B.
ALLEN — In Emeryville. September 15, 1903,
Charles Allen, beloved husband of Ellen Al-
len, and father of Mary and Hattie Allen, a '
native of County SHgo, Ireland.
E7Frlerds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Friday,
I September IS. at 9:15 o'clock, from his late
residence. Park avenue, thence to Sacred
Heart Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment St.
Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
ANDERSON— In this city, September 10, 1903,
at the home of her parents, 247 Lexington
avenue, Myaran Ajiitta, beloved daughter of .
Joseph K. and ilay W. H. Anderson, a na-
tive of HotUster. Cal.. aged 2 years 11
months and lti days.
BERG — In the City and County Hospital, Sep-
tember lti, 1903. John B. Berg, a native of
Finland, ag«d til years.
BUCKBEE — In this city. September 15, 1003.
at his residence. 2O» California street. Rev.
Charles A. Buckee, D.D., a native of New
York, aged 79 years. (Chicago and New
; York paper* please copy.)
; • E7"Funeral and Interment private.
! CLEMENTS — In this city, September 15, 1003.
Matthew Clements, a native of Pennsylva-
nia, aged t>7 years 2 months and 25 days.
C7 Friends ar.d acquaintances are respect-
¦ fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of the United- Undertakers,' SC6 Mission
street. Interment National Cemetery..
CORBUS — In this city. September 15, 1903.
Mary A., beloved wife of A. T. Corbus, and
mother of Lizzie, J. Parker, Sadie C.Adam
V«". and Andrew T. Ccrbus Jr.. a r.atlve of
Nova Scotia, aged 61 years 7 months and
19 days.
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-<tay (Thursday), at 9:45 o'clock, at her
late residence. 1511 Jones street. Interment
private.
CRANDALL— In this city, September 16, 1903,
George M., beloved husband of Mary E.
Crandail, and father of William S. and
George A. Crandall and Mrs. J. L. "Hender-
son-, a native of Pittstown, X. Y.. aced 61
1 years and 5 days. ,
DAVIESj-In this city, September 16, 1903,
Captain David Davles of the lighthouse ten-
der Madrono, a native of Cardigan, Wales,
aged 72 years.
DAY — In this city, September 15. 1003, Mrs.
Amelia Pearson Day. beloved wife of Rev.
i W. C. Day of San Krancisco, and mother of
1 Rev. R. C. Day of Falrhaven, Wash., and
Mrs. B. C. Condlt of San Francisco, a na-
tive of Ohio, aged 63 years.
(E^Frienda are invited to attend the fu-
neral services at Olivet Congregational
Church Thursday, September 17. at 1 o'clock.
DORAN — In this city.' September 15. l'JOU.
Margaret, beloved wife of Maurice Doran.
loving mother of JoseDh, Willie and Frank
Doran, and sister of Mary and Patrick
! Uniack. a native of County Galway. Ire-
land.
(T^TFrlerds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
<Thursday). at 8:45 o'clock, from the parlors
of McFadden, McBrearty & Green. 1171 Mis-
sion street, between Seventh and. Eighth,
thence to Holy Cross Church, Eddy and Scott
streets, wiere a requiem high mass will he-
celebrated for the repose of her soul at 0:30
. o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
DOZIER — In tbts city. September 18, 1903.
Nettle, wife of W. G. Dozi=r of VIsalla, and
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. E. Parsons of 4331
Twenty-third street, San Francisco.
j FARRELL— Entered Into rest. September 16,
1903, John J.. beloved husband of Wilda
FarreH. father of Catherine E. Farrell, son
of Catherine and the late John Farrell. and
brother of Thomas Farrell. Mrs. Margaret
Canavan, Mrs. P. Garety and the late Peter
Farrell, a native of New York City, aged 52
years 2 months and 4 days. A member of
No. 33. Y. M. I.
C?*Friendj> and tcqtralntances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Saturday.
September 19. at 9:15 o'clock, from his late
residence, ICOt O'FarreH street, corner of
Webster, thence to Holy Cross Church, Eddy
and Scott streets, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
GALLAGHER — In this city. September 15.
1»<-;. Catherine, beloved wife of Thomas
Gallagher. " mother of Thomas, Daniel.
George. Ellen and Catherine Gallagher, and
. sister of Mrs. D. Kelly, Mrs. M. O'Leary,
Mrs. ; M. Galney, Daniel Honan and Nora.
Honan, a native cf County Clare, Ireland,
aged 40 yeart. (Portland. Me., papers please
copy.) . •
CTFriends and acquaintances are respccl-
; fully invited to , attend the funeral, to-day
(Thursday). 'at S:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 574 SUtb street, thence to St.
Rose's Church, where- a solemn requiem
mass will be ctlebrated for the repose of her
5oui. comiuenclr.g at 9 o'ciock. intermtnt
Holy Crcs3 Cemetery.
GOODWIN — In this city, September 16, 1903.
' ¦ - ¦_: ¦ - —
James McGinn.'- Henry Hanaen.
JAMES McGINN & CO.. "*
Formerly With McGinn Bros.. .
' .' -Faneral Directors and Embalmers.^— _
' \: / 214 £ddy st.;'TeI. Sooth 57«. ,
1 ... ... . .. ..-. , - : ; — ~~! ¦
I F. J. Monahan, President.
MONAHAN & CO.,
imS8wSgBm~-- ' --(inc.)
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
2330-2311 Mission st. Telephone Mission 31.
Sale of Monumants and Grave. Marks
Cheap for cash. Also buildtng for sale. _ If
you want , a monument see what I have r la
stock. • 791 San Jose ave. and Thirtieth si.
£". J. BACK.
x--* 10^ 1 :* TO LOA X — Con tinned.
HONEY to lean on low Interest; gold, sllrer.
eiarcccds. rwU and precious stones bought
at TV J. IIKSTHAL'S. 10 glitn St.
ARE NcTthesFbaRGAINS?
t-fcerjKan & Uyi» upright $117
. Fllscer 65
&*£?* - I!";".!!"!!" i«3
Z £l mir i* r ' Lr * $165 30<>
2 Chickerings . gs 159
~ Heines -~^ m 237 SS5
Rer.ts. p bd, ap?!y en "purctase; install-
meats. $4 vs.
HEINE PIANO CO.. 235-rr7 Geary rt-. larg-
«-5t exclusive rlaao house cf the VTcst.
AX uprlg-ht piano sh:rpe<3 Cv high class East-
ern manufacturers will be sc!d at actual cost
to eave return of freight. 237 G«ary et.
ETEIN1VAY uprijfht. left by private party.
»i<3; a great bargain. 237 Geary «t.
XOU fio not take any chances when buying
-rcra us. Our methods are well kriown to b»
. cptn and above board. "El« barcains. net
tig ads." is our rule. All roods g-.iarant<?e<i
es represented cr no sale. Call and see lar?6
assortment cf new ar.4 used instruments.
THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 7E3 ilar-
ket et.
A FEW cprl^st bar?a!^s from $70 up. ccrsprts-
*t* «cca makes as Cfcicier-.ns. Jacobscn.
\ose. gterlin?, Knafce Fischer, Sehwechtea.
"***r. Schurr.an and others: easy payments.
EENJ. CURTAZ & SON IS O'FarreU St.; no
branches tn San Francisco.
THE createst opportunity ever offered tn Saa
Frardsco to e*l a good reliable piano cheap.
Before our removal we v.~:i'. sacrifice any t»-
•truaent for cash or Installments. Call or
«Tite fcr prices s.r.d terms at once. KOHLER
it C3ASE. Estatashed 1850. 30 O'Farrell.
EAKD Inrtrcrcests : F. Bes«cn. Par's, maker"
Gus Maict'd. Art. Psc. Coast. STS O'Farretl;
¦xlIUul repairing; 23-hand instruments sold.
FL/LNO at a bs.rpa:r. ; new, urri^ht; easy terms;
no &g»r.ts. Bex 43fl>. Cail office.
RARE chance; cash cr payments: elegant high
grade upright. Its McAllister st-
Crre<fee=i'«l rt^rap* pianos asd furniture dirt
chear. tVhitefcead's Storage. 1C3C Market st.
j EEaCTIFUL 3-jvdal Steisway upright piano:
p<rfect crder: sacrifice. K.ffffe'a.2S5 O'FarrelL
ETT direct frcrn the factory and save 50 per
cert. HORXQ-G. ?16 McAllister Ft.
EES7 resting pia^o ia city fcr $3 per month.
SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO.. SCO Hayes at.
EOKMER. Eyrcr. Slauiy pianos CeciUan piano
Flayer. BYRON MAU2T. SOS-312 Post st.
STTERIOR VtoCsa. zithers eld and new H.
MULLEIt. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
CHEAPEST ar.3 t^st ia Axr.crtca— The Weekly
Call, 1G pspes, s<>nt to any address in the
T'r:-ri* gfiTfrg t <"a-v-!di ot year fcr Si.
riAVOS A.VD ORGASS.
FART c* cur Bat of bargains tn tecead-hand
Original
1 FCHT.-3.1AN & SONS—
"kValnut case, medium, size, 7 1-3
cctaves, three pedals, raised carved
Panels. In good ccadlticn. $300 $140
1 RICHilOND —
HahogAEy case, email size, raised
carved panels. 7 1-3 octaves, three
pedals, slightly used, but in good
< l :.;:".. ".r. .......................... 509 173
1 PPENCER —
VateSt case. cab'.=<«t grand, en-
graved pan*:?, three pedals. 7 1-3
octave*, gcod condition 33 ikj
2 HO^VABD^ —
Walnut cases, medium eiie. 7 1-3
octaves, three pedals, mandolin at-
tachments, goo-i i-mfitttOB; each... 300 1S3
1 MCLLENHAUf : & BACH—
VTateBt case, large e!ze. raised
carved panels, three pedals. 7 1-3
octaves, tn very good condition... 3SO 190
1 KEWAM EROS.—
Walnut case, large 5'ze upright.
7 1-3 octaves, thoroughly renovated,
•e.ual to sew 3*0 COO
1 LCT>WlcJ 4 CO.-
Oak case, medium size, raised
carved peEt't, 7 1-3 rctaves. three
pedala. gocd tone. In C^e condition. 350 210
Complete list furnished en application at
cur store SHERMAN. CLAY 4 CO.,
Ccrr.T K»2rr.T en.; >-.tr«r sts.
\ PERSOXALS. — --
A— FACIAL ELEillSHES REMOVED.
WrtrJcle*. yellow and Cathy skin, birthmarks,
trr-ailpcs KHlngi and scars ecieatl2caiiy re-
moved without cctting. maseage, electricity cr
n:edicine»; special derr.ocstraticns this we^k.
Call cr write Dr. L_ WILLIAMS. 371 Geary.
EPECIAL — Reduced fcr the coats only, tome
treatment that yon can use at yoir own
fccme, »«3:<jTirc wrinkle*, tan. freckles, leav-
ing i£s ci»ar aad smooth; to fc« had orjy at
rr.y office. CaU cr write M. ELLA HARRIS.
'*! OTarrti: st.
tKE Star Hair Remedy restcrv* gray hair. Im-
proves its gr-wxh .stops falling, cure« daridna2
and **' t' <w t scalp: no stain cr stickiness:
cieanses ecalp; at dr-jgisti'. halrdr-ree.-» ; ac.
cept no -ub#titute. Star Ren3edyCo..3S5Geary.
Jo'CT hew cheap, but hew good is the mctto of
the manufacturers of rhe Rapid Rctary
Etandsj-d, the eewmg-machine cf to-day. J.
W. EVANS, ayent. 1C!1 Market gt.
FHYS1CIAN. 15 years' exc*riet:ce. cure* per-
rr.iiiestly menhini!, cocaine habit. Call or
address Cer.tral Pharmacy. £S1 Grant ave.,
«rr.er Fiittor tt.; fee moderate. ..'- . ¦.
J. .- • carpets weve to order and for sale: also
che-ille-wcre ruga, silk pcrtu-res; dealer In
carpet twine, in hack or chain, at lowe*:
rates. Ceo. Matthew*. 700 Fifth St.. Oakland.
DRUNKENNESS, racrehine and all drus dis-
«-ase* pc-eltivtly cured by Willow Bark Co.,
I*s2y Polk Et- : consultation free; iJiU or write.
kEiIOV.\L—DR. W. C. 6TRATTON has re-
ccved his office from '__-"• Miasloa st. to
roctns 573 ar.d 574, Parrott b'.Jg tEmpcrics).
HAIPJ3RESSING in all tranches taught: $3 for
2 weeks. Up-to-Date Kairlressing Parlors.
1C2<"» Market rt.. room 1. ur«tairs. •-'-¦;-
DANCING Tu<»«<lay. Tiiursday, Saturday and
Eunday evesir.gs at Tcutcr.'.a Hall. . Howard
rt., near Ninth: raanag-?tr.e^t Prof. Foster.
AT less thar. ccft- uncalled for suits, cverroats
•rd tr-rcsers. at CHARLES LYONS'. Lcndja
"Tailor. 721 Market et
IHE tifhest price paid for ladies' cr pints'
cast-eff drthing and a!! articles of value at
WEINBERG'S. 1HA Ellis st.
ELEGANT suits on <>asy installments: 30 cer.rs
and tiv per week. LEON LEMOS, 1UTT
Market St.. between Feventh and Eighth.
THE bert place to buy (rood umbrellas or
have them covered cr repaired is 120 Stocktcn,
ALL styles aairfresflng t'tc; hair goods; psaat-
COrtafc 25c. G. LEDERER, 123 Stocktca it.
TAII>CR-MADE cuit f 7 50; cress pant* $2 SO.
MieSt OcthtnB Far'.or. cor. Busli and l>upcnt.
EUPEKFLt'OUS ha.r «nd moles removed by
ilAEQUEflALE ccsturr.r-s, play bocks. w!ss,
ccur.try crdtn GOLI»PTE1N & CO.. 7C" Hkt
ALFREDClfS Eryptian BCBBS restores pray
.'.'.- to its - . ¦ t ¦ -i cc'.cr; $1; at a!l drugS:s^»'.
Eup*rl3coO* Kstr and mo'.es reraoved with elec-
tric needle Mrp. & Miss Eaten. 1119 Fatter.
CHEAPEST AT.ii best is A=»rica— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, ser.t la any aldress in the
United Ftates cr Canada one year for SI.
PAL-illSTRV.
UV.E. DEVAS— 6ci?rtiflc palmist 3S<1 astro! o-
Cist. Pala r**4icg-s f 1. Hours 10 to 12 and
1 to 3. and Tuesday evenings. 139 Pest st
E. JEP.OME FOSELLI. «c5eotI3= palmist. 515
Taylor st.. r.*ar G^gry. Phcne Dlaek S€L
I'UVSICIAAS A\D St'R<iEO\S.
DR. C. C O'DONN'ELXr— Offce and resident*.
1021^4 Market et.. b«t. Sixth and Sereatn.
ELOOD ekla «nd rectal diseases a rpedalty.
DR BALL. 1073*4 Market st.
REMOVED — DR. WCNG HIM. her* doctor:
! trusts all disease* cf the human tody; for
part four yean at 115-117 Mason; r^w lo-
cated at 6H Geary et.. e*ar Learenwcrth.
DR TONG PO CUT. successor to Dr. LI Pa
Tal herb doctor: cures all diseases of human
!>• usrf- of b^rfoa and teas. 72T Washington st.
WONG WOO the fatrou* herb doctor— All iim-
'Sff* rured by Chinese hprbs. 746-8 Clay nt.
PR0!O«ALS.
SAX FEAJvrCIECO. Cal.. Sept. 12. 1S0X— Seal-
ed proposal*, tn triplicate. wtH be received
here until 1 1 o'clock a- m.. September 22. ;
1JJC3, and " then opened for construction of ;
frarae bullolngs lor lavatories, addltiona to
effieert* Quarters. piumbSng. etc. at Depot
of Recruit Instruction, Presidio of Saa Fran- I
risen, Cal. Government reserves right to re-
ject cr accept any or all bids In whole or ta
part. Information furnished <»n application
to C. A. Derol. Quartermaster. Chief Q. M.
SPECIAL NOT.t-ES.
NOTICE Is hereby given that the Transfer
Bocks tv vhe transfer of stock of The. Bank
rt California will be closed September 15.
laO3. at 3 o'clock p. m.. and retpea oa
Friday, October 2. 19(3. By order ot ta«
Boars cf Directors.
ALLEN M. CLAT. Secretary.
g»ptfT5b«-r 3. 1&03. 'i,
* Ladles T CMrhert^r*« EcgHsh Pennyroyal Pills
<are brast: eafe. reliable; take to ether. Send 4c
«arr.p« for particulars. "Relief Tor Ladies,"
In letter fcy Tetum mail. Ask your -dragcist.
Chlchetter Chemical Co.. Phllagelpfcia. Pa.
CR. JL. E. NEUHEISTER. Surgeon— Special
attention given to medical and surgical 'dis-
eases cf women, die***** of the liver, stom-
ach and bowels. 615-14 Starr King bids.,
. 121 Geary rt.; t«L Private Exchange 21«. ,
Laura Goodwin, beloved mother : of Loois,
Abbie, ' Charles and . William . Goodwin and
Mrs. Charles Hewitt, a native of Virginia,
aged 57 years.
EX Friends and acquaintance* are respect-
rally invited to attend the funeral Friday,
at 11. o'clock, from her late realdence. 2620
Bush street. Interment private.
GRIFFITH— In thla dty. September 18. 1903.
Infant son of Mr. and Mrs. Otis" A. Griffith.
GOMEZ — In the City and Countyi Hospital.
September 16, 1S03. Joseph Gomez, a. native
of Colorado, aged 23 years.
HEFFERNAN — In this city, September 1C,
1903, Catherine, beloved daughter of James
F. and Mary G. Heffernan. and sister of
Viola, Owen, Evelyn. Wlllamena and Gene-
vteve Heffernan. a native of San Francisco.
'- ased- 12 years 6 months and 19 days.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the faneral to-morrow
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her parents, 303 Filbert street, thence to
St. Francis Church, where mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
HENNESSEY — In this city, September 16,
1003, John Hennessey, beioved son of the late
James and Margaret Hennessey, a native of
San Francisco, aged 20 years 4 months and
10 days. . --T
C7The fun*ral will take place to-morrbw
(Friday), at 12:3O o'clock, from the parlors
of aicFadden, McBrearty & Green, 1171 Mis-
sion street, between Seventh and Eighth,
thence to St. Joseph's Church for services at
1 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
JUZIX— In this city. September 15. 1903. Leo-
pold Juzix. beloved son of the late Leopold
and Louisa Juztx. and brother of Valery.
Henry and Louis Juzix. Mrs. G. Gress and
Mrs. J. P. Cooney, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged '30 years 9 months and 19 days.
ETNotlce cf funeral hereafter. Remains
at his late residence. 228^ Eighth itreet, be-
tween Howard and Folsom.
KERRISON— In this city, September 15, 1903.
Ann Kerrison. beloved danshter of the late
James and Mary Getchell, sister of Ferd
Getchell, and aunt of Mrs. F. J. Emerson,
a native of Rockland, Me., ased 40 years.
E^Friends i.cd acquaintances arc respect-
fully invited lo attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Carew & English, 29 Van Ness avenue. In-
terment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
LARSEN— In this city. September 15, 1903.
Maria, dearly beloved mother of Paul, Lena.
Alma and Theresa Larsen. and beloved alster
of Mrs. J. Frandsen, a native of Denmark,
aged &5 years 4 months and IS days.
C3"Remains at the parlors of H. F. Euhr
6 Co.. 1137 Mission street, between Seventh
and Eighth. : --,
MEYER— In Oakland, September 16. 1903. at
lCKW Third street, Peter, beloved husband of
Sarah Meyer, a native of ¦ Sweden, ased 37
years and 24 days.
MILLER— In this city, September 12. 1303.
Frank, beloved son of Louisa C. Miller, and
brother of J. A., J. L. and Louisa C. Miller
and Mrs. H. C. Fox. a native of New York,
aged 53 years and 9 months. :.-:"¦
C/The remains will be shipped : to New
York this morning for Interment In Green-
wood Cemetery.
REGLI— In this city. September 16. 1903. Stan-
islaus Regli. dearly beloved husband of Catn-
arlna Resll, beloved father of Johanna and
Stanislaus Regll Jr.. and brother of Mrs.
Carl Ruasi and Waiter and Felix Regli. a
native of Canton Urll Switzerland, aged 12
years 11 months and 6 days.
U^rriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 8:15 o'clock, from his late resl- |
dence. 812A Elizabeth street, between Twen- i
ty-thlrd and Twenty-fourth streets and Hoff-
man avenue and Douglas 6treet. thence to
St. Anthony's Church, Army street, near
Folsom. where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of hi3 soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
REICHSRATH— In San leandro. September
14, 1903, Louis F.. beloved son of Mary and
the late Peter Reichsrath, and brother of
Henry and Pauline Reichsrath and Mrs. W. j
P. Hicks, a native of San Leandro, aged S2 !
years and 6 days. i
(L7Fritn<ls and acquaintances are r?spect- j
fully Invited to attend the funeral services ;
Thursday, September 17. 1303. at 2 o'clock, j
at Ms late residence, San Ldrenzo avenue.
Interment San Lorenzo Cemetery. :
RODRIGUEZ— In this city. September 15. 1903.
Helen Dolores, dearly beloved daughter of
Louis and Jessie Rodriguez, a native of San
Francisco, aged 2 months and 10 days.
ROMER— In this city, September 15. 1903,
Marinus Romer, dearly beloved husband of i
Gertie Romer, father of Elweod Romer. son j
of Martin Romer, and brother of Alfred and
Walter Rnmer, a native of Denmark, aged
. 32 years 11 months and 12 days.
TO the officers and members of Helga No. 3,
Dania — You are hereby notified to attend the
funeral of our late member, Marinus Romer,
Thursday, fet 1:30 o'clock, .from. 22S McAllis-
ter street- By order. of the. President.
ROSSI — In this city. September 14. 1908. An-
tcnlo Rossi, beloved husband cf Maria Rossi,
and father of Giovanni and Clotllde Rossi.
a native of Nascio, Genova, Italy, atred 34
years 9 months and 24 days.
E?Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attejid the funeral Thursdav.
September 17, 19ut. at l:3O o'clock, from his
late residence, 17 Cayuga avenue, near Onon-
daga avenue. N. B. — There will be cele-
brated the same day at ; Corpus Christi
Church (Italian), Croke avenue, a solemn i
requiem high mass for the repose of his soul, !
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Italian
Cemetery. . ,
ROTHENSTEIN — In this city, September 15.
1903. Rae. beloved daughter of Sarah Roth-
enstein and the late Salomon Rothenstein.
and sister of Mrs. L. B. Solinsky and Mrs.
G. Gontalves, a native of San Francisco,
aged 18 years.
(C^FrieiKls and acquaintances are respeel- I
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day !
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her mother. SVj Antonio street, be-
tween Ellis and O'Farrell, off Jones, and
thence by 11 o'clock train to New Salem
Cemetery for Interment.
ROWAN — In this city. SeDtember 16. 1303,
Peter Rowan, beloved brother of Joseph and
Mary Rowan. Mrs. G. C. Terrill and Mrs.
L. Stone, a native of County Mayo, Ireland,
aged 30 years.
SCHWARTZ — In this city. September 14. 1903.
Isidor. dearly beloved husband of Nettle
Schwartz, and dearly beloved father of Flor-
ence and Pearl Schwartz, a native of Kem-
pen. Germany, aged 51 years 7 months and
14 days.
(CyThe funeral services will take place at
9:30 o clock Thursday. September 17. at the
family residence, southeast corner of Bu-
chanan and Clay streets. Interment private.
OFFICERS and members of the First Hebrew
Benevolent Society — You are respectfully re-
quested to attend the funeral of our late
member, Isidor Schwartz, at 9:30 o'clock this
morning, from his late residence, corner of
Buchanan and.Clay streets. By order of
LEVl SCHILLING. President.
S. ZEKIND. Secretary.
SHIELDS— In New York. N. Y.. September 14,
1903, Isaac A. Shields, dearly beloved hus-
band of Margaret Shields, and brother of
John and Joseph Shields, a native of New
York. N. Y.
J SIMMONS — In this city, September 16, 1903.
Phebe L-. beloved wife of the late Charles
Simmers, and mother of Elizabeth A. Slm-
mons, a native of Rhode Island, aged 82
years S months and IS days.
C^Frioniis and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Friday,
September 13, 1903. at 11 o'clock, from her
late residence. Angelica, street, between Va-
lencia and Gutrrero. Interment Mountain
View Cemetery. Oakland, by 1 o'clock creek
route boat.
SJOGBEN— In this city. September 15, 1903,
Olaf EJogren, beloved father of Mrs. Johi*
Wilson. Mrs. John Anderson and Oscar Sjo-
gren of Gardnsr. Or., a native of Sweden,
1 aged GO years.
C^y Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
„ (Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of HaUted & Co., 946 Mission street. Inter-
ment Laurel Hill Cemettry. ¦
1 THOMPSON — In this city. September 16. 1903,
Charles Fordham. dearly beloved son o«-
Charles and Sophia Thompson, a native of
San Francisco, aged 2 years 10 months and
7 days.
VAN FRANK— In this city, September • 15,
IOCS, Lucy August, dearly beloved wife of
E M Van Frank.' mother of Russell Hen-
nlns Van Frank, daughter of Matilda Hen-
ning. and sister of Mrs. Charles Castor, lira.
Thomas Mirk and Lillian. Bruno and Waiter
Hennicsr. a native of California, ased 23
yearn 7 months and 16 days.
C7" Friends are resptctfiilly Invited to at-
tend the funeral services - to-day (Thurs-
day) at 1 o'clock, at her late residence, <sui
Missouri street, corner of Etehtesnth. In-
terment private.
YTSCANT— Henry R- Vincant, having recently
died in Guatemala, beloved son of Mr. and
Mrs Bertrand Vincant, and brother of Ar-
nold, = Mattie and Charles Vincant of Moun-
tain View, CaL . -
• (CTT-iends ai»d acquaintances . are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Saturday. |
September-19, at 11:CO o'clock, at Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
WILLIAMS— In this city, September 16. IDOL
I Fannie B., beloved wife of the latt F. O. B.
Williams, and mother of Edward ft , R. j..
L. P. and the late F. A. Williams and the
late Grace A. Munson. a native of Ireland,
aged 74 years.
. . C3" Interment private.
!.{.___ _ — . — j.
THE CALL'S
GREAT ATLAS OFFER
Will close on . September 24,
. 1803/ and all holders of -Atlas
Coupons are requested to pre-
sent them immediately, as this
great opportunity to secure one
of these splendid Atlases at The
Call's premium rates .will be'
I brought to a close oa Septem-
ber 24.Many mothers administer Piao'sCure when their
children have spasmodic croup. - It is effectual,*
All skin complaints quickly succumb to
the use of Koenigsteln's Red Salve. • • "
SALT LAKE, Utah. Sept. 1C. — Mrs. Aurora
Hodge, the young woman charted with the
killing of William X. Ryan near this city last
July, was arraigned before Judce Morse to
day and pleaded not guilty. Her case wa»
set for trial on November 20.
The estates of Nathaniel ; P. Cole and
Warren Duttdn were. appraised yesterday.
Cole - left . property .worth 553.860 and * Dut
ton , left .-an; estate worth $108,018. Both
men : were uloneers.' ¦.;'.
Appraise - Estate • of- Pioneers.
In a suit filed yesterday by the Central
Trust Company of California Judgment
for $3109 Is prayed for against John H.
Wise. The defendant is alleged to have
executed a note for that amount in No
vember, 1S00.
' Trust Company Sues Wise.
Orinda, the elite parlor of ; the Native
Daughters of the Golden West, celebrated
Its thirteenth birthday by a ball in Native
Sons' Hall Tuesday evening. There was
a good dancing assemblage of Native
Sons and Daughters) Nora Foley was
floor manager and Alma Reimers assist
ant. .The committee that arranged this
function was composed of Alma" Reimers,
Emma Greuber Foley, Gussle Hutten,
Hannah Mahoney, Martha Regner, Estelle
Thomas and Mary Foye.
Orinda Girls Dance.
Not the cheapest, but the fairest and most
honest printers. Mysell-Rollins, , 22 • Clay. •
James Griffin, 902 Illinois /street, report
ed to the • police yesterday, that ;an over
coat and sword had been stolen from his
room on 'Monday night. He suspected
his roommate, Edward. Rodgers, who
has disappeared and Is supposed to have
gone ' away .' with the • circus.'
Loses His Sword and Overcoat.
Paul Me'gef, ; a carpenter, t while ; working
on a ; new/ building' at. Twenty-sixth and
Bryajit- streets . yesterday, ,' fell from a
staging a distance of : twenty-five ' feet, re
ceiving several lacerated rWounds - on the
head.. He was taken tb.v the City and
County Hospital, where he received treat
ment from' Dr. McElroy. ¦•' '¦¦: v.
Carpenter Falls From Staging.
Joseph McGeary is very anxious to get
possession of his share of the $50,000 es
tate of his father, John . McGeary. His
sisters, Mary and Elizabeth McGeary,
are equally anxious to prevent him from
getting his legacy and are opposing his
petition, for partial distribution.. They
claim that he is dissipated and has for
feited his patrimony under the clause in
the elder AlcGeary's will, which provides
that they should not give him his share
of the estate if in their opinion he was
undeserving. The petition was heard in
Department 9 of the Superior Court yes
terday, as were' also the objections of. the
sisters, and taken under submission.
Oppose Brother's Petition.
Suits for divorce were filed yesterday
by Robert Buchanan against Minnie
Buchanan for desertion, Jefferson Gump
against Carrie Gump for cruelty, Emma
J. McLeod against Archibald J. McLeod
for cruelty, Katherine M." Shaw against
Richard Shaw for desertion and Maria J.
Simma against Joseph A. Slmma for cru
elty. Divorces were granted to John
Hagman from Sophie Hagman for deser
tion, L. Kellner from Michael J.-Kellner
for neglect, Agnes Major, from George
Major for desertion. Bertha Agnes Palmer
from Charles James Spry Palmer for de.
sertlon, Alice Knox from Dr. Arthur J.
Knox for desertion and Jennie J. Hunt
from Herbert H. Hunt for cruelty.
. In the Divorce Court.
Be it ever so. humble, there is no place
like home, and it is within easy reach of
all to ..furnish 'the home cheerfully with
pretty and artistically framed* pictures.
Premium ¦• pictures, .which.: are ' being ¦ so
plentifully distributed gratis just.jiow, can
be framed most attractively at little ex
pense. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market. •
Home, Sweet Home.
This, the first fall opening day of Kelly
& Liebes, will be a revelation to all who
visit the store at 120 Kearny street. Every
last season's garment was sold out in the
big sale and the new cloaks and suits that
the European buyers have selected will
surprise all expectations. The store will
be made as nice as possible for visitors.
Later after. the fall rush It will be ex
tended and elegantly remodeled.
Surprises to Everybody.
John Griffin, a barber, was convicted
by a jury in Judge Dunne's court yester
day on a charge of burlglary in the sec
ond degree and was ordered to appear for
. sentence on Saturday. ( Maggie Martin,
his sweetheart, was employed at the res
idence of Meyer Jacobson, 1337 Laguna
street, and on April 22, while Griffln was
visiting her, he stole a quantity of jewel
ry bclongirfg to Jacobson. which he
pawned. Maggie was a witness in the
case and when the jury brought in the
.verdict of pullty she burst into tears.
Convicted of Burglary.
A boy named Bernard Orhener in try
ing to jump on a passing wagon at Golden
Gate , avenue and Polk street yesterday
forenoon fell. The rear wheel passed
over his left leg between the knee and
ankle, fracturing- the bone. The young
ster was removed to the .Emergency Hos
pital;, where_ Dr. Stone set' the broken
limb. . He .was '.taken,' to the home of his
parents at 1509 Turk street. ."*
Fell Under "Wagon Wheels.
Charges of official misconduct on the
part of H. Eca da Silva. Chinese inter
preter for the Chinese Bureau, were filed
with Charles Mehan of the bureau yester
day by Captain Henry Peterson, a well
known boatman. The charges are to the
effect that Da Silva used his official po
sition last Tuesday morning to take away
business from Peterson's launches and
give It to Boatman Thomas Crowley. .It
is alleged that . on the previous evening
Captain "Wilson, as agent for Captain
Peterson, entered into a contract with 137
Chinese fishermen on board the bark
Euterpe, then lying In the stream, to take
them ashore in Peterson's launches as
soon as the Chinese Bureau officials had
given them permission to land. The
agreed price was 60 cents per head, or a
total of J6S 50. "When the Chinese were
ready yesterday to be taken ashore the
head men, with whom he made the con
tract. Informed Captain .Wilson that It
would be impossible for them to keep it.
because Interpreter da Silva had notified
them that unless they went ashore In
Thomas Crowley's boats they would not
be permitted to land at all. The Chinese
accordingly made a landing In Crow
ley's boats, while Captain "Wilson in
dulged In . some of those vocal v exercises
with which seafaring men are wont to
test the capacity of their lungs, as well
as their command of descriptive language.
As soon as United States Immigrant
Commissioner North was informed of the
charges he directed Charles . Mehan. Chi
nese inspector in charge, to relieve Inter
preter da Silva from duty pending an in
vestigation of . the ' matter, which will be
begun in about three days. He has that
time in which to file an answer.
Interpreter for the Chinese Bureau
.Accused by Boatman.
T>A SILVA IN TROTJBUE.
The excursion to Mexico, on November 4,
will have Pullman vcstibuled sleepers, dining
car. meals a la carte, excursion manager in
terpreter and rlxty days' time. Side trips' and
rnuch Fight-Boeing possible. Return if desired
via the Grand Canyon. Round trip. $80
bouthern Pacific. Santa Fe. Mexican Central'
Ask for literature at «13 Market etrtet • '
An Interesting Country.
Is almost constantly irritated by wind
and mineral-laden dust: Inflammation,
redness, itching and burning, followed by
granulated eyelids, ere the results.
MUK1NK EYK KKMED v gives qulCK re
lief. Doesn't smart; soothes eye pain;
makes weak eyes strong. Tour druggist
or optician sells Murine at 50 centa. •
The E an Francisco Eye
¦Willlts. the terminus of the California North
western Ry.. is the center of the redwood belt
of Mendocino County, and is a fast growing
town. The mills of the Northwestern Redwood
Co. are within three miles. The tracks of the
railroad company extend five miles Into the
redwoods, and contractors are at work on ten
miles more to be finished this season.
The larte country around, just entering: Its
first stace of de\-eloj>ment. with the branches
and further railroad extensions in prospect, give
some idea of the future of Willlta. This ex
cursion Sunday, Sept. 20, will afford prospec
tive buyers an opportunity to view the lots for
Bale in the Northwestern addition ot WUIIts.
The streets ar (traded, curbed, Ecwered and
water mains laid. The watet- comes from the
mountains. Electric liirht and power. Burn
ham & Marsh Co., 211 Montgomery street, are
the agents for the sale of the lots of the
Northwestern addition to Willita. Maps, plats,
terms, etc.. are to be had at their office.
To all parties who gro on this excursion and
purchase a lot within thirty days thereof Burn
ham & Marsh Co. will refund the fare paid,
which will be $3 for the round trip. ,lloat will
depart from Tlburon ferry, foot of Market
street, at 7:30 a. m., Sunday. Sept. 20. On
the return train will leave Willlts at 4 p. m.
Tickets on sale at Burnham & Marsh Co. and
650 Market street (Chronicle building), com
mencing Monday, Sept. 14. Each ticket sold
Insures a seat. , •
Via the Californir. Northwestern
Bailway, the Picturesque Route
of California.
EXCURSION TO WILLITS.
Raymond was booked on a charge of
stealing mail matter from letter boxes
and the United States District Attorney
wss notified. Two sacks of mail matter
and a package of candy were booked as
evidence agai^t him. He admitted that
ii<? had made a "good thing," as he ex
presEed it, out of stealing packages and
paid it was the "easiest snap" he had
ever struck. He has served two terms
in San Qucntin for grand larceny and a
term in the County Jail for petty larceny.
George Raymond, an ex-convict, was ar
rested yesterday afternoon by Policemen
Banner and Dougherty as he was in the
act of taking a package from the top
of a letter box in front of the office of
the Mergenthaler Linotype Company, 619
Clay street. The postal authorities had
rc-ceived numerous complaints of pack
apes having been stolen from the tops of
letter boxt s and the assistance of the po
lice was asked In discovering the thief.
Raymond was taken to the City Prison
and coolly asked, "What are you going
to charge me with? You can't charge me
with stealing the package, as the postal
authorities do not hold themselves re
sponsible for packages left on top of let
ter boxes. I know what I am talking
about."
George Raymond, an Ex-Convict, Is
Caught Taking Package From
a Letter Box.
POLICE ARREST MAN TOR
STEALING MAIL MATTER
Joseph Haber Jr., the recently appoint
ed special administrator of the estate of
the late Michael Mooney, filed a suit yes
terday against the San Francisco Savings
Union to recover $9000 deposited in the
bank by Mooney several years ago. 'He
also asks for interest on that sum at the
rate of 3 per cent, alleging in his com
plaint that at no time since the deposit
was made has any sum been withdrawn
from the bank by Mooney or his heirs.
He claims that the bank refuses to pay
over to him any part of the deposit ex
cept the sum of $550 63.
The suit is the outcome of the recent
exposure in The Call of the peculiar meth
ods of Attorney Hu' Jones, who several
w^eks ago disappeared from the city and
has not since returned. He had charge
of the Mooney estate and is supposed to
have handled it for his own benefit.
Peculiar Actions of At
torney Hu Jones.
Salt Is Result of Discovery of the
SUES BANK TO RECOVER
PART, OF MOONEY ESTATE
The expose has had the salutary effect
of calling the attention of the authorities
at Washington to the necessity for plac
ing more safeguards around the Chinese
Bureau to prevent similar substitutions
in,future. In what are known as "depor
tation" cases where Chinese are arrested
here for being unlawfully in the country
there is no fund provided for taking the
photographs of the prisoners, so as to
render their Identification possible. In or
der that this loophole cf escape might be
stopped up, . United States Attorney
Woodworth telegraphed to. the. authorities
at Washington for permission to photo
graph the seventeen Chinese recently re
turned from the Alaska fisheries with
fraudulent certificates in their possession.
A reply was received yesterday morning
from E. P. Sargent, Commissioner Gen
eral of Immigration, granting permission
to make the necessary expenditure for
that purpose. Commissioner Sargent will
be asked to provide a fund to enable the
bureau and the United States to have the
photos taken of all Chinese* in deportation
proceedings. .
United States Marshal Shine is not tak
ing any chances with Chinese prisoners.
They are all handcuffed tn pairs on being
brought to andffrom the Jail. All the
Chinese habeas corpus and deportation
subjects in the City Prison and the
County Jail In this city were removed
yesterday to the Alameda County Jail.
where they will be kept in future.
Thomas Martin, the oid hackman who
has been taking Chinese for many years
from the United States Marshal's office to
the mail dock, will continue to do so.
There is no evidence Implicating him. as
Gamble has stated that the Chinese were
brought from the jail on foot and allowed
?o escape on reaching the vicinity of the
Appraisers' building.
flee, Mr. Woodworth says that he was
not oresent.on either occasion.
' In view of the assistance afforded by
Deputy Gamble to the authorities, it is
believed that he will not be prosecuted,
but will be used as the chief witness for
the Government The penalty for the of
fense for which he is under arrest is not
more than one year in the County Jail.
The case against Tom Yung, the Du
pont-street merchant arrested for com
plicity In the substitution. Is not consid
ered strong. Only one of the prisoners
has made a statement implicating him.
It was to the effect that Tom. Yun^, gave
iilm $30 to go back to China as one of the
substitutes. This statement Is said to be
entirely uncorroborated, and unless some
thing should develop tending to implicate
Yung by more credible testimony the
prosecution against him may be aban
doned.
Leaves of .absence were granted to Miss
M. A. Doran, Miss Anna E. Sullivan and
T. R. Kelly.
The demand of Newsom & MeNeill for
$34,114 for building the Noe Valley School
Was ordered paid. "Woodward objected
to the payment of the demand on the al
leged ground that the* work had not been
satisfactorily performed.
Thomas Kelly appeared before the
board and made complaint that his
nephew, Frank Duignan, 13 years of age,
had, been severely beaten by Miss Jean
A. Dwyer, acting principal of the South
End School. Kelly said the black and
blue marks showed on the boy's legs
where the punishment had* been adminis
tered with a rattan. The boy himself ex
hibited his bruises and said . that he and
his sister. Dolly Duignan. had been sus
pended by Miss Dwyer, together with six
other pupils. Kelly filed a written charge
that the boy had been "unmercifully
whipped" by Miss Dwyer, and Superin
tendent of Schools Langdon will investi
gate the matter.
Langdon presented' a resolution ¦which
was adopted by the board appointing Suz
zalo as a special commissioner of the San
Francisco Board of Education to study
and report upon the school systems of
the large American cities, the services to
be performed without expense to the
board.
Professor Macurda is a- graduate of
Brown University, class of 1S95, and re
ceived his master of arts in education de
gree, at the University of California in
May, 1902. He is a man of practical ex
perience and scholarly training. He was
formerly registrar and instructor in math
ematics In the : Kamehameha manual
training schools, Honolulu, H. I. Since
1838 he has been' engaged in educational
work in San Francisco. He was first in
structor in history and English and later
president of the Cogswell Polytechnic
College. He is now educational director
of the evening and professional schools
of the Young Men's Christian Association.
' Langdon stated that Suzzalo's resig
nation was of a temporary character only,
as he has granted Suzzalo a- leave of
absence from October 1, 1903, to May 1,
1904, on which date he will be at liberty
to resume his duties as deputy superin
tendent should he so elect.
Henry Suzzalo had resigned his
position to accept a fellowship in edu
cation at Columbia University, New York,
during the term of 1903-1904. Langdon
thereupon appointed Arthur Macurda to
fill the vacancy created by Suzzalo's re
tirement.
SUPERINTENDENT OF/SCHOOLS
LiAMGDON notified the Board of
Education at its meeting yester
day that Deputy Superintendent
Deputy School Superin
tendent Resigns His
WELL - KNOWN EDUCATOR
APPOINTED TO SUCCEED
HENRY SUZfcALO. .
The confession was made, in the first
place, orally to United States Marshal
Shine and Secret Service Agent Burns.
Immediately thereafter the confession
was repeated. in their presence and in the
presence of Assistant United States At
torneys Ben L. McKlnley and E. J. Ban
ning, • and taken down in | shorthand by
Miss Trevellick, chief stenographer in
United States Attorney Woodworth's of-
Up to the time of the publication of that
interesting piece of news the Federal au
thorities .had. guarded . the entire affair
with ' unprecedented secrecy. • The fact
that Deputy Gamble had been arrested
arid .released "on bonds was not. divulged,
and in order to throw the newspaper re
porters off the scent the deputy was de
tailed to perform his accustomed duties
in and about the office.
There were certain reasons why the Chi
nese and Caucasian conspirators should
not receive the slightest hint as to the
true state .of affairs',. for the Federal au
thorities believed 'that should it • be even
Suspected that Deputy Gamble had made
a confession the conspirators would es
cape. A large force of police, and other
detectives were placed on the trail. Unit
ed States^Secret Service' Agent "William J.
Burns of Washington. D. C, one of the
most astute men in; the service, took
charge of the man hunt. Agent Burns de
voted the greater, part of his" time in the
inciplency of the case in persuading Dep
uty Gamble to make a , (confession and
.bring every member of the substitution
ring within the meshes of the Federal net.
His arguments were so conclusive that
the unfortunate deputy realized that a
conviction was assured should he . be
brought before a jury and he consented
to tell all that he knew. , . •
Federal circles and the public at large
were treated to a genuine sensation by
the exclusive announcement in The Call
of yesterday that Deputy Marshal \V. P.
Gamble had confessed to complicity in tfie
plot to substitute .for six recently import
ed Chinamen ordered to be deported a
half-dozen worn-out Mongolians anxious
to return to.their native land "to die. Out
side of those directly connected with the
United States Attorney's (office, the Mar
shal's, office and s sonie of the'members of
the Chinese ._Insp.e.ct,lon Bureau, It was
generally "believed 1 by reason of the mis
leading statements of -other publications
that Gamble was not- directly connected
with the fraud. • ' - • '
This idea had been carefully fostered
by United States' Attorney Wdodworth for
reasons best known to-Tiimself. All along
The Call has pointed out the probability
of Gamble's guflfc and the exclusive pub
lication of his confession was only a log
ical ending to the chain of circumstantial
evidence against-the "accused man which
has been published exclusively in this
paper dally since the discovery of the
substitution was first made.
The opinion is written by Justice Shaw,
with whom Justices McFarland, Angel
lottl and Lorigan directly concur. Justice
Henshaw writes a concurring opinion, in
which he says: "The power of the au
thorities to prohibit burials In established
cemeteries within corporate limits is un
questioned, but the frower cannot be ar
bitrarily used." He explains further that
such ordinances are always subject to re
view by the courts.
Chief Justice Beatty also writes a con
curring opinion. He says that a munici
pality may pass such measures, but that
counties may not. That the city of San
Francisco happens to be co-terminal with
the county is only incidental, he holds.
He points out that if counties could pass
measures like the ordinance in question
it might arise that there could be no
burials in the State. —
There was no dissenting opinion, al
though Juattce Van Dyke did not partici
pate in the decision.
The court disagrees again with this con
tention, holding that the law mentioned
is wholly negative in. effect, and does not
mean that burials in the exempt terri
tory can be continued indefinitely. The
contestants argue that the ordinance is
"unreasonable." The court denies this
assertion without argument. Lastly the
plaintiffs declare that the measure was
passed for private purposes and from
improper motives. The court says there
is • no evidence to suppor/ such a claim
and therefore it cannot be considered.
COUBT THINKS OTHERWISE.
The plaintiffs contended that a corpor
ation should be exempt from such a
measure. The court declares that a cor
poration has no more rights In the mat
ter than an individual. The plaintiffs
also averred that the act which forbids
burials in San Francisco In any other
place than In existing cemeteries had the
effect of legalizing interments in "the lo
calities designated.
The contestants sought ,to have the or
dinance declared unconstitutional and to
have the authorities enjoined from . en- 1
forcing the measure by criminal prosecu
tion. The lower court upheld. -the action
of the Board of Supervisors and an appeal
to the State's highest tribunal was imme
diately taken.
Article 11, section 11 of the constitution
provides that "Any county, city, town or
township may make and enforce within
its limits all such local police, sanitary
and other regulations as are 1 not In con
flict with the generariaws." The munici
pal charter gives to the Board of Super
visors of the city and county of San
Francisco a like power, stipulating, how
ever, that legislation along such lines
must bo necessary.
The plaintiffs maintained that the Su
pervisors could not declare any act or
place unsanitary unless it was so held in
the laws governing nuisances or had been
so decided by a court. The Supreme
Court asserts that legislative bodies can
pass restrictive or prohibitive laws when
the future health of the community may
be endangered. It Is held also that the
ordinance in question does not conflict
with any general law. r.;:»''» : i r -
There can be no more Interments of
the dead within the confines of the city
and county of San . Francisco except on
Government property, according, to a de
cision of the Supreme Court rendered yes
terday. The hard fought legal <battle
over this question is at an end and the
Board of Supervisors has won the victory.
The dispute began in the summer of 1901.
Various cemetery associations lose hun
dreds of thousands of dollars by the de
cision.
A few years ago complaints from many
of the city's Inhabitants that a continua
tion of the practice of burying the dead
so close to the dwelling' places of the
living might result seriously from a san
itary standpoint began to arise. The pop
ulation of San Francisco was then, as
now, increasing at an enormous rate and
dwellings were being erected In proximity
to" the cemeteries.
Finally the Board of Supervisors
passed an ordinance making it illegal to
bury the dead anywhere within the mu
nicipal limits, except on land owned by
the United States. The measure of course
would result in great, loss to corporations
controlling cemeteries and to people who
had purchased but had not used burial
plots. Litigation began immediately.
There was much diversity of opinion as
to the legality of the ordinance and great
interest was felt generally in the progress
of the case. The parties ' to the suit
against the city were the Masonic Ceme
tery Association, the Odd Fellows' Ceme
tery Association and Henry Plagemann.
The last named was the owner of an un
used lot in one of the graveyards.
SAYS ORDINANCE IS VALID.
United States Marshal Shine Adopts
Stringent Measures to Prevent
Recurrence of Simi
lar Fraud.
Hard Fought . Legal Battle of Great
Public Interest Ends in Vic
tory for Board of
Supervisors.
Interments of Dead Within
City's Limits Are
Illegal.
Officials Still Struggling With
. Chinese Substitution
. . Matter.
Suprem9 Court Sustains
Famous Cemetery
Ordinance.
Gamble's Acknowledg
ment of Guilt Comes
as a Surprise.
UPHOLDS
VALIDITY OF
BURIAL LAW
CONFESSION
CREATES A
SENSATION
SUZZALO TO
BE REPLACED
BY MACURDA
THE SAK FBANCISCO CALL, THUESDAT, SEPTEMBER 17. 1903.
14
'^^^^ SALE'S. | HAXE'S.
New Hats, New Suits:
Busy days— Hale's styles and Hale's prices and Hale's way to I
get things early are making themselves felt: now.. .We never saw
so many black hats together at one time before as there arc now in. the
millinery salon. They embrace every style and every effect that it is pos-
sible to. find. Many of them spangled facings. Lots and lots of them have
plumes: some are in the hijzh roll; others on the poke bonnet stvle-
others in the quieter turban effect. $1.75 up to $7.00. * '-
Overiri the suits are many new ideas in mixtures. Even as low as
$16.50. Then there are plenty of zibeline costumes.
New jackets, too, are holding forth.
y~ Boys' Waists and
(Uncle. \vj Si^ Boys' Underwear.
At Hale's. School time now.
/tat^Note, ST liSl^ 'I
Firs of all old Ashford com- better waist for
mercial ruled, note paper. 5 hutton^ n waists °
quires for 20c. 5^- They . re in strJped percalM Aiw&ys
Then Hurlburt's highland ready for ViSe and ther « «• co buttons
,. . r r ¦ to sew on - They're already there
linen note paper for foreign (Steel buttons.) They're on separate
rnrresnnnHpnrp it a twv heay y *'eb waist bands, readily ad-
corresponaence. 2 0 c a dox jU3ted and removed . The wals * a
with envelopes to match. made *'lth six side pleats, three box
>-, j tj » • t • , pleats In the back, and Byron collar-
(jOOd black ink IS only 4c. light colors and medium and dark'
The hexigon lead pencils are £f 4 toTyet'rs^Sc. not laundere<L
Only I2C a dOZen. The quality Mannish Blouses. OOc— With Byron collar:
r\f \f>rtr\ i'c tr»#»r*» that's iicuaiiv in Th ey"re not laundered! but perfect In
01 lead is tnere mat s usually in every detail, -just uao p«Ba'»." but «.
Zr nPtirils smaller scale. la llBht, medium or dark
jv, pcuv.uo. Btriped percales. Sizes 4 to 12 years. I
Ledgers and journals. 2^c hey al3 ° conie without coiiaw. Quite
° , , * • J the ProDer thlrj for dress wear. Then
2OO page bOOkS, CanvaS-COV- tn « >'"'» man may wear a whits collar/'
j which fashion saya i a the tltfrur. .
Boys' Union Suits 85c.
Empire Side Combs 1 Qr -r J here s no s uesswork about the fit.
;, x*- They have been made to scale, taking
Regular 2jjC and 50c ones. for a guide statistics giving the aver-
What? Yes. " a Se proportion derived from the
Not old. ones reduced, but brand measurement of 14,000 boys, 8 to 14
new ones /and in perfect condition, years old. It's the underwear comfort
All are highly polished. grown folks have been enjoyinj?. The
It's a trade secret. But don't stop garments are heavy, silver jrray rib-
to guess over it too lon ? Every one bed, cotton ones, buttoned down
of the combs will go with a rush. f rnnt Vr*r,rU *,.,-t, a *• l j
Some of them are a little more. *°f' .f/ en( * ° e fi ck .- ed ,*« stltchcd
Others and the empires have Turk- Wlth sllk ' Patent finished seams.
ish and pink tops, straight woven or
fancy designs. Others in black shell 15c and 20c Sale
with broad or narrow tops. Some Qofln Tnfie>t* DJkk««
are high top combs suitable for the 3atin * aiieia KlDDOnS.
women's bonnets. All in shell. All Three and four inches wide, sold
at ioc. everywhere at 23c and 29c. Plenty
side Combs, 10c— Amber and shell, with of whites, blacks, creams, pinks light
s.Hl.'tt Se,- 10 «; KO od bl f ues ' lilac, cardinal.' scar-
te*th; shell. let, maize, old rose — in fact, any col-
Pectineum Hair ciasrm. 10c— Hold the or you would ask for, and, mind you
etray lock, In P^^U only. nQt on j y a qua j ity> bw an y °£
tijkJisLMf JW 9^mt ce . ptionally good ade which you
jfflJffljm&e&ti&^Q&iPj^&Br most wanted ribbon of the hour and
J$^^^G&5o~GO<H>&^'^ the best widths » and at a bargain.
i - r^\: ¦:. mm *¦¦" ¦ ~~^ 15c and 20c.
ADVEBTTSEMENTS. 4
THUnSDAT— FRIDAY— SATURDAY.
BUTFER, Forest Dale Creamery.. sq. 45c
C. O. D; Grocery Co.. Agents.
E66S, Selected Ranch, best. ..2 doz. 75c
HERRINGS, "AlleMilchner"... 8 for 25c
CREAM, Carnation, limit 3 cans, 3 cans 25c
Saturday only. -
JAMS & JELLY, Home Made, reg 25c, jar 15c
HAMS, Eastern. Picnics. ... ib 12c
SEE LIST AT STORE.
NO LIQUORS. PROMPT DELIVERY.
C.O.D. GROCERY CO. inc.
JOHN ROBINBON. President.
313 OTarrell St., Near Mason
Formerly of Post and Buchanan.
Telephone Folsom 316.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVANCE FALL
Showing 0/
Women's Dress
loli^jiL Attractive \y
jS^yxT Grouped
>^if / 1\_\ distinct
# 1 .S5^^pTO-DAYS
Mwk INTRO-
-§¦'•' SKIR T as illustrated, made of un-
finished Worsted. ', Front gores orna- ¦
mented with satin bands in a fanciful
design. Colors blue and black.
I ¦ Dress Skirt, made of
rt A "7 C black broadcloth; fancy
. 0TT./i/ silk braid ornaments
I hips, extending down
. each gore at alternate
[ lengths; near silk drop skirt. -
¦ ¦ Dress Skirt, made of
0O E/J all-wool aerge; tailor
yiO.OU stitched taffeta bands
ornament bottom of
. skirt in the latest fall
design; colors, blue and black. . 1
¦ ' %
| I I Dress Skirt of gray
rtO QC cheviot; tailor stitched
AQ.x/U taffeta 1 bands ornament
• j each gore: bottom of, '
1 " gores finished with an
Inverted plait. \
j I . . 1 1 Dress Skirts of all- s
dtC QC i wool""~ cheviot: tailor
OU'vO stitched taffeta bands
( ornament hips, extend-
' ing • down . front panel:
double rows of taffeta bands ornament ;
bottom of ' skirt, giving a circular
flounce. effect. ;
' ' '¦ ¦ ¦ ' ' 1 - - ' * ¦
Just received our fall line of Misses'
Skirts- and yours at the popular prices
' ot r "' ¦•¦• : ; — __,:.
| S2.25.S2j0,S3.00. $3.50 «
Send for our fall and winter catalogue.
Trading stamps' given with every
. purchase.
Marks Bros.
1220-22-24 Market Street,
Bet^ Taylor* and v Jones. , J
Jtf_W_— — T A X-BVXHSQS.
Uunj aod Setter Sts. C>s^g^g^
New Cotton Draperies
(.Second Floor Sutter St.)
We have just added some charming new styles to our
I already very large and magnificent assortment of Draperies-
Colorings, and. designs that are particularly adapted for
Portieres, Lounge Covers, Bed-Spreads and Bedroom Curtains;
and the prices wequote make them very interesting :
SILKOLINES-36 inches wide 1 TICKINGS-tntirely new fancy
entirely new designs in delft blue dresden effects in latest figured de-
pink and green, also some ,-, signs, nothing prettier ever
erlental colors, per yard l^$ c shown at the price, per yard. 25C
CRETONNES-36 inches wide, ARTTAFFETA-36 inches wide;
jn large and small flower patterns a new fabric, in white ground with
and pretty combination stripes, i _ delft, green and pink flowers— „«.
exceptional value at, per yard IOC a strong durable material, yard 30c
Ladies' Handkerchief Sale
[Firit Fleor Kttruy Street]
Here we offer a special purchase of Ladies' Pure Linen
Handkerchiefs with hand embroidered .Initials at 12}4c eatrh
that should be priced at 25c — They are plain white and fine
quality, with hemstitched edges — new and perfect goods —
all initials on sale to-day at the special price of „ '.
each ;. 12iC
An Excellent Shawl Value
[Third Floor Kearny Street]
These are exceedingly pretty shawls — woven of Shetland
wool— 40 inches square— some fringed, others crocheted edge,
in such desirable colors as white, pink, light blue, cardinal
and black — all new, perfect goods — now on sale at 4 _ _, x
, the special price of, each $1.25
•
Sale of Mohair Alpacas
[Fir«t Fleor Kearny Street]
Several hundred yards of fine English Iron Frame Mohairs
go on sale to-day. This popular fabric is very desirable for
Waists and Petticoats—^comes 42 inches wide, in black, navy,
light and dark steel, royal blue, brown and white — rr|
sold regularly at 75c per yard— our special price 5uC
Very Newest Neckchains
[Firit Floor Sutter St.]
No house in the city can equal the variety of Neck Chains
we are now showing in our New Fancy Notion Department —
The latest ideas are all here and most moderately priced —
We mention two special values :
Neck Chains of three strands, Stylish Neck Lace of gold filled
with gold filled links and coral or chain and coral or turquoise beads
turquoise beads, worrh $2.25. £ worth regularly $3.00, special
special at $1.00 at ....:............. $1.50
New Cushion Tops^ em ™^
Two Specials selected from our Art Needlework Depart-
ment, many others just as good await you here to-day : ;
Oriental Cushion Tops, all ready Handsome Scrim Cushion Tops,
for use, with tassels at each corner, In the verv choicest of Persian and
size 21 inches square — best Oriental designs, size 24 x 24} o _
value ever offered ~ <^C exceptional value, at 85C
ADVEBnsEanarrs.
MsjW^kll ¦ II ft \T» Y t^J&WM&i "I
yjpMPf>3B|| V J 1 jl V &^?f* tSf5 " J
39 STOCKTON STREET,
Telephone Main 6522.
¦We are making a record for the fine
quality of our goods at such low price*,
and If goods are not exactly as represented
we wtll be glad to have them returned.
Here are acme extra
Thursday, Friday and Saturday Spsciats
Creamery Butter, per sqr 40c
Iteg. 45c. "Honey Lake,", celebrated
mountain butter.
Fancy Minnesota Eggs, per doz 30c
Fresh arrival; Just received.
Santa Barbara Olive Oil, qts 70c; pts 40c
Re». S5c and COc.
Physicians are recommending this brand
highly.
Kona Coffee, roasted or ground, per Ib 20c
Reg. 23c. Hawaii', choicest product.
Lemoine Sardines, per tin 20c
Reg. 23c. Large tin*.
Cross and Black well's Pickles—
% PtS. PtS. Qt».
SOo 33c ttOc
Re*. 25e. 40c, 70c.
Chow. Piccalill. Gherkins, Mixed, Wal-
nuts, Oniona.
Mason Fruit Jars —
Pta. Qts. % Oal».
- 45c S3c 8Oc '
Reg. BOc, 60c, 85c.
Cal. White Pressed Figs, per Ib pkg.. 10c
First of the season.
Family Bourbon, per bot 60c; gal $2.50
Re's. 75c and $3.
A splendid article for the money.
Fine Old Rye, per bot 75c; gal $3.00
Reg. $1 and Si.
Old Ryes are getting scarce.
Cabinet Cocktails, per bot 75c
Reg. $1. Manhattan. Whisky, Martini.
Vermouth and Gin.
Reisling, per gal 40c
Reg. 50c. A nice, refreshing beverage.
Fruit Syrups, per bot 35c
Reg. 50c. Raspberry. Strawberry. Grena-
dine. Lemon and Vanilla.
ORDERS PROMPTLY AND CAREFULLY
FILLED.
¦ , ________
_hH^Eq__39d9^E5SS_39hKc^b_^1k1_52I^3S(9r^_.
p| IS THE MARK OF I j
fH CLUETT, PEABODY & CO. $' ¦-]
|5l. MAKERS Jg
For Stomach Disorders
Cout and Dvsoepsia
DRINK
Best NATURAL Alkaline Water.
A. VIGNIEB CO., San Francisco.
HTlfivl! i» Y§b— » \3 fa
fin Ka&f «nS H El E_t_*^ma
M B I R5 C3p£J Rf E_E9 A I A-lfl
SH ™ JI hm ESvs EH MOW _¦ ¦ HBv_
Ml _H ftfTl _ov__l EfiS _ft VHEM^v
_f-_- m US DR9 1 —i r_ jm — — t xh
£3 ED If SSI Enrol ¥ta EviS n k$CN V
BJp—^SwJq B-JMJEM—JB— — . — K l—gf^"L. JkM