ALLEGED KIDNAPERS FORCE
NEGKO BOT TO EAT MUD
lAd Is 'Disguised as a Wild Girl
to Make a Colfax
Holiday.
COLFAX, Wash., Oct. 15.— Ben Michaels,
George Dubery and Fred A. Rodgers were
arrested et the county fair for kidnaping
and are in the County Jail to-night. They
had a negro boy 14 years of age disguised
as a wild girl and compelled him to cat
xhud.
Rufus Stone, the boy's father, came
from Spokane and charged the men^wjth
having kidnaped his son. They claimed
to have a wild girl captured in Cuba,
¦whose chief diet was mud, and were do
ing a good business when aMrested.
Buccaneer Herman Captured.
MANILA, Oct. 16.— George Herman, tne
defaulting constabulary officer, who with
a. companion seized a steamship and fled,
has been captured and taken to Bayauan.
Eight hundred dollars was recovered from
him.
Taft Soon to Take Portfolio.
MANILA, Oct. " 16.— Covernor Taf t has
designated December 23 as the date of his
departure for Washington to assume bis
tfeties as Secretary of War.
Sheriff Ralphs. District Attorney
Eprecher and Coroner Pittman .will leave
for the desert to-night to Investigate the
shooting.
Miller Is well known in San Bernardino,
vhere he has a host of relatives by mar
riage, iiis only living blood relation is
one daughter, who is the wife of James
Haskell, a well known rancher, who is
a partner of Will Singleton at El Casco.
Zliller was a candidate for nomination to
the office of ,Shprifr at the last Repub
lican convention, i ..nnons and Miller
vrcre formerly partners in the mining
business and were interested in turquoise
rnlr.ir.g. Miller had charge of the prop
erty. ; : :,-:'
W. F. Blake, the Manvel Justice of the
Peace, walked up to him and he surren
dered his rifle and a shotsx'n that was
in the shoD, but still retained an aut»
mati.- pistol. He has promised to stay in
his shop, and as the little jail is no strong
er than the building be is in he will re
main there under guard. Desperate armed
men are euardlng him and it will not be
easy for him to overpower them. He
Kays that his only regret Is that he did
not get Smithson also. It is believed that
the shooting occurred over a long stand
ing dispute retarding the ownership of
valuable mines.
Smithson. the man who narrowly es
caped death at the hands of Miller, has
resided in this section for many years,
but it Is only recently that he has turned
his hand to mining. He is well known in
San Bernardino, where he was the de
fendant in the hard foucht suit made
against him by the people of the State of
California, backed up by the Rock Springs
Land and Cattle Company, which accused
him of stealing one red calf.
OFFICIALS START FOR DESERT.
PRISONER IS GUARDED.
SAN BERNARDINO. Oct. 15.-George
Simmons, manager and part owner of the
Toltcc Gem Mining Company's turquoise
mines at Crescent Camp, Nevada, was
killed near Manvel to-day by William
Miller, an old miner of this section, fore
man formerly for Simmons and a resident
of San Bernardino.
Simmons and C. C. Smlthson left the
camp in a buckboard about 9 o'clock this
morning. MJ-ler is paid to have. laid in
¦wait for them about 200 yards from town
with a rifle. He fired four shots, killing
Stomc-:»s Instantly ,v."ith 'the first or sec
ond rfhot, then fired two shots at Smlth-
Kon...b'Jt, the hcrses starting to run,
Emithson stooped to pick up the lines
¦which had fallen on the whiffletree, and
that was all that eaved him, as one bullet
cut the top off the seatback and another
went ov*>r hSs head. Miller then turned
away and walked into town, stopped at
the butcher shop and waited for the citi
zens to come for him.
Fpecial Dispatch To The Call
The witness said that he had seen Dem
ing of Alexander & Green several times
In answer to Untermeyer Seward tes
tified that he understood a "dummy" di
rector to be a' temporary director, and
throughout the examination - the witness
insisted on referring to himself. as a tem
porary director. There was a sharp wran
gle between counsel occasioned by' the
witness handing Guthrie his subpena In
order to.6how that he was one of the
complainant's witnesses.; Untermeyer pro
tested that Guthrie had no right to take
the paper and Guthrie insisted that the
record should show 'the character of the
paper given to him. ;
"MINUTES" ARE PROGRAMMED;
Untermeyer examined Seward at length
as to the circumstances attending the is
sue to him of a temporary certificate of
stock upon which he qualified as a direc
tor. The purpose of the extended showing
as to the acts of the so-called "dummy"
directorate formed in New Jersey when
the shipbuilding company was first or
ganized has not yet been. disclosed, but it
is said that the bondholders of the re
ceiver may attack the legality, of the acts
of the first board. These acts Include the
increase in the capital stock and the ac
quirement of the constituent companies.
The witness said that he personally
paid nothing for his share of stock and
he did not know if any one else had paid
for it. He understood, however, that the
share of stock belonged to him. He in
dorsed the share of stock In blank v and
surrendered It to one of the employes of
the Corporation Trust Company, receiving
no payment. He did not know what be
came of it. .
When the investigation was resumed to
day Frederick Seward, formerly one of
the directors of the United States Ship
building Company and an employe of the
Corporation Trust Company, was recalled
to the stand. He became a director of
the United States Shipbuilding Company
In 1902, at the request of Mr. Deming of
Alexander & Green. The witness could
not say why Deming wanted him to act.
The witness said he had acted as an in
corporator for from fifty to seventy-five
companies while he was employed by »the
Corporation Trust Company. He had act
ed as director in fourteen or fifteen more
companies. - . : jv/^
Seward admitted that he did not know
the location of the plants nor the char
acter of the business of several the
companies, and sajd that ae was "under
the impression tTiat the Bethlehem plant
was located at Homestead. Seward and
the other temporary directors acted upon
the increase in the capital stock of the
company to $45,000,000, voted for the issu
ance of securities to the amount of $71,
000,000 and decided other matters of lm
portance. The. trend of trie examination
to-day indicated an intention to attack
the validity of all those transactions.
It is claimed that the original directors
were simply "dummies," and that while
the forms of the law. were closely fol
lowed at all meetings none of the direc
tors were properly holders of stock and
none of their acts were of legal value.
"DUMMY" DIRECTOR RECALLED.
Seward, who had served as a director,
was auestloned for three hours t the In
quiry covering his connection -with the
company from the time Alexander and
Green asked him to serve as a director
until he resigned when the permanent offi
cers were elected. His stay on the stand
was prolonged because he would not ad
mit that he was a mere "dummy" act
ing under the orders of the counsel of the
company.
NEW YORK, Oct. 15.— The entire time
at to-day's hearing of the United States
Shipbuilding Investigation before Referee
Ollphant was given over to .the taking of
testimony covering the incorporation and
organization of the company in New Jer
sey. Frederick Seward, Horace Gould and
Kenneth McLaren, young men connected
with thp Corporation Trusi Company of
New Jersey, who acted either asincor
porators or directors of tlie shipbuilding
combination, were called to the stand and
exa-mined at length as to the circum
stances under which they served the pro
moters of the enterprise.
Clerks Acting as Officials
Vote Transactions In-"
volving Millions. '
Companion of the Man Slain
Reaches for Reins and
Escapes Lead.
Former Foreman Lies
in Wait for His
Victim.
More Revelations in
Shipyard Trust
Hearing;
Sensational Crime
in Southern
California.
Serve as Orders
for "Dummy"
Directors.
MINE-OWNER
FALLS IN A
DESERT FEUD
"MINUTES"
ARE WRITTEN
IN ADVANCE
JJew Cars for California' Service.'
, CHICAGO, Oct.," 15.— Through < sleeping
car service between Chicago* and ) Los An
geles and San ¦'_> Francisco -and ?'' between
Chicago and : Garvestoh'Vis/toVbe estab
lished by the Wabash. . New/ first-class
Pullman cars have <, been provided for ', the"
California service. -The first car; fdr^the
Pacific Coast service" will leave next Sat
urday and. on^ for Galveston' the' follow-]
ins day. B8SMHHSKS0
LONDON, Oct. 16.— The Daily Chron
icle in Ita^flnancial article this morning
states, that the Stock Exchange settle
ment proved disastrous for one of the
largest of the London stock brokerage
firms, Vwhose : losses • are estimated at
£1,000,000. The failure of the house was
prevented only by a sort of forced
liquidation of its affairs, so huge and
complicated that the city did not dare al
low the i firm' to fall openly. It ' is sa!d
that the firm's business will be closed and
that It will - disappear.
It : .Is reported 'also that, several other
important firms were, compelled'prac
tically to close or have been assisted by
banks - and financiers to the'extent of
many millions. ~
The other papers say that relief Is felt
that the settlement ; passed off- without
failures. The '. Daily Telegraph describes
It as one of the most distressing accounts
that the Stock Exchange can recall. The
differences to be met were enormous and
the lifting of such a load from the mar
kets caused a buoyancy of prices at the
close. .
According to the Standard all the stocks
affected, which were of -a' highly specu
lative character, have now pasesd into
strong hands. .
NEGRO VICTIM OF MOB \ '
: .'"* DIES FROM HIS INJURIES
Governor of Texas t Promises Protect
j tion to " s Threatened Colored People
. of Rusk" County. ' .. '
Tex., Oct. 15.—Governor,Lan
ham.; to-day \ advised ; General Webster
Flanagan that he would use his best ef
forts, toward upholding the law and giv
ing . protection .."• to the . negroes , of Rusk
County, who are being whipped to death
and 'threatened with .violence by bands of
white •men /because they '.. refuse ¦] to heed
the warning to leave; the county.. Another
law-abiding "and peaceable negro of ' that
county, s who was terribly several
nights ago, has died from his injuries. : ,
Sultan's- Forces Are ; Defeated.
:\ PARIS,?; Oct." 15.— The situation of the
Sultan fof Morocco is ; gradually.! becoming
desperate. According to' official 'dispatches
received here. the MinlsteroC War's forces
have 1 - been' defeated and dispersed.
>,With the arrival of i the; president began
the - review .; of ' . the : ~, troopsT Lieutenant
REVIEWS- OF ¦ THE '•¦- TROOPS.
, Promptly*. at 2:30 o'clock; the President,
under the 'escort , of a detachment of
minute men, ; , walked from the, White
House to the j statue,* which faces ']''. the
south front' of the treasury. .The ; Presi
dent walked alonet-preceded -by- Captain
,W." S.'j'Cowles'and' Colonel' T. ; W. 'Symons,'
his; naval' 'and military; aids. .-Following
the President .were Secretary; Hay, Post
masterTGeneral .Payne,- Secretary 'Cor
\; Acting- Secretary , of War .Oliver
and v . Secretary .! Loeb. -The - President
was i received" at : the .1 reviewing s : stand
by. .the • members ; of the , Sherman . statue
commission.-' : •¦ ,•• ~!$£&BBUBBttuS&SB&l
The President delivered the address -of
the day, and a ; representative from each
of' the societies of the :four- armies .fol
lowed ; in eulogies r of, General Sherman.. J
VT 'VET , -p-ASHINGTON, Oct. 15.—
•Hi / Jrw' / With impressive cere
fl ¦/*!"/* !• monies . an, equestrian
|4f Ik/ statue of" William, Te-
V r - cumseh .Sherman was
.v >C.. unveiled here to-day in
tho presence of. official Washington, the
President at it9 head, and •thousands' of
veterans, members . of societies of . the
Army of, tho Tennessee, Cumberland, the
Ohio and the Potomac. As. the '.two large
flags enveloping;, the; statue were drawn
aside by William Tecumseh-v Sherman
Thorndyke, -the 9-year-old > grandson of
the dead chieftain, the cannon of the
Fourth Artillery boomed a salute and the
marineband struck up the VStar-Spangled
Banner." Success .marked j every detail , of
tBe ceremonies, which were In. charge of
Colonel ,T. JW. ~ Symons, superintendent of
public buildings and grounds. .
Before the . unveiling; of .the statue the
President and Lieutenant General Young,
chief 'of . the general \ staff of the army,
reviewed ] the ' troops ; participating in the
dedication parade, from the \ stand' oppo
site the statue.
STRIKE MAY TIE UP
NEW YORK "L" ROADS
Motormen Will Quit Work Unless
Their Demands Are Coxa-
plied With.
NEW YORK, Oct. 13.— By an almost
unanimous vote to-night the motormen
on the elevated roads decided in favor of
strike action if their demands are not
complied with.
At the same time 263 ex-firemen^ em
ployed In various capacities on the road,
but who retain their membership In the»
Brotherhood of Locomotive Firemen, also
decided in favor of a strike.
The vote of the motormen was * 450 ' In
favor of a strike and 2 against. An ef
fort to ..obtain a hearing from August
Belmont, president of the Interborough
Company, will be made to-morrow morn-
Ing.
The men object to the_ order issued by
the officials of the Interborougn Company
requiring a physical examination of each
and every motorman. Prior to the change
in the- control of the elevated roads all
of the men underwent a physical exami
nation and they object to a re-examina
tion, claiming that it is for the purpose
of retiring a large number of men.
MARK TWAIN VITRIOLIC
IN SCORING TAMMANY
Says the Organization Stands for
Wholesale Robbery and
- Murder. '
. NEW YORK, Oct. IS.— Samuel L. Clem
ens (Mark Twain) has written a letter, to
the Woman's Municipal League on. the
subject of the coming election, in which
he says:
¦>Vl should think that any humane and
honest person would rather be convicted
of one robbery and one murder than be
come the cold and deliberate confederate
in wholesale robbery and wholesale mur
der by voting a Tammany ticket.
"Certainly, if anything Is proved up to
the hilt, Tammany's financial history and
health statistics of 1901- prove that Tam
many's special- and ¦ remorseless trade Is
wholesale pillage and wholesale destruc
tion of health and life.''
SALINA. Kar.s.. Oct. 15.— Missouri Pa
ciflc freight train No. 83 was wrecked to
day near Langley. a small station in Ells
worth County. At first it was supposed
no one was killed, but when the wreck
age was cleared up four bodies were dis
covered. ' The dead men are supposed to
be harvest hands returning from Western
Kansas. Papers found' on the bodies of
two of the men show that they came
from Johnson County, Missouri. Jen
kins , and Slosson are the names on tho
papers. The others could not be identi
fied. Two unknown strangers were also
badly hurt.
The roadbed had been weakened by the
continuous rains, and as the heavily load
ed train rounded a curve, the tails
spread and eleven cars were piled -in a
heap at the bottom of a twenty-foot eax-
Cars Fall Down a Twenty-Foot Em
bankment and Four Persons
Are Killed.
SPREADING BAILS CAUSE
WRECK OF FREIGHT TRAIN
ATTEMPT TO BLOW UP
- MAGAZINE AT I^EGATION
Timely Discovery Prevents Disaster
at British Headquarters in
Peking.
LONDON. Oct. -16.— A dispatch to the
Times from Peking says _ tnat a mysteri
ous outrage was attempted at the British
legation -on Tuesday night, on the occa
sion of the ball given by the* military of
ficers. An eifort apparently was made to
blow up. thj magazine where* the explo
sives and ammunition ' for trie defense of
the legation are stored.
the breech block and sights of a' 4.7 inch
gun were'stqleri. 'These have since been
found in the 'native city.
Wires were laid to connect with an elec
tric but the connection" had not
been made. . Otherwise there • might have
been a serious explosion. '
Status of Civil War
Hero Unveiled at
Washington.
"Then I, went to Susan Big Road's house
and shot and killed him and shot Alice" ; 1
supposed she was 'dead. I thought my
wife would hear the noise, and went
home. - My wife * ran out. 1 and ¦ Khu t .' the
door behind her. I shot at her- through
the door and missed. Then I opened the
door and shot her as she ran. A shell
stuck in my gun so I could not use it, so
I cut my wife's throat.
"If my gun . had not - failed me I would
have gone to other houses and killed four,
teen- other^ people, but I had; nothing but
my knife, so I cut myself twice * in the
arm and , once on . the throaty so 1^ would
not be suspected. I 'do not remember any
more until - 1 found a crowd around me
after the sun.was'up. Miad no reason to
do as I did except that- 1 was drunk."
SPOKANE. Wash., Oct. 15.— James Lit
tle Plume to-day confessed to the murder
of seven-Indians on the Blackfoot Indian
reservation last Sunday morning, _whlch
was reported at the time as the deed of a
number of drunken Indians. Among the
seven was his own wife. He made his
confession before a United States Com
missioner, and admitted that his Intention
was to kill fourteen more Indians. • He
said in part: . -
"I had been drinking with Buffalo Hide
and we were both drunk. I sent Buffalo
Hide home, then I stole a rifle and wen*.
to the house of Wake-Up-Last. I asked
for 'a.drink.'of whisky. They said they
did not have any. and told me to go home.
I went outside, closed the door, cocked
.the rifle and opened the -. door about two
inches. I. then shot Wake-Up-Last as he
lay In bed. His wife jumped up and ran
out of the house with her baby." I shot
them both with one bullet. Then I went
insidethe house and shot the other two
ichildren."
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NOTEUUENERAIi AND MEMO
RIAL STATUE UNVEILED AT
Washington' yesterday.
Blackfopt , Indian
Tells of Ter
rible Crime.
Large Firm Loses
One Million
Pounds.
SEVEN LIVES
A MURDERER'S
GRIM RECORD
DISASTER
ON LONDON
EXCHANGE
• This afternoon a crowd of several hun
dred persons was waiting outside the
church and ¦ in front of ¦ the Holland
•House, where she who was supposed to
be Mrs. Janeway, but who, in fact, was
Mrs. Platt, was busy In her apartments
packing her trousseau, preparatory to
taking a train for Lakewood later in ine
afternoon. She, too, enjoyed the joke
hugely. Sitting beside her husband in the
parlor car of the train, she. smiled gay^y'
as the Senator chuckled over the manner
in which he had avoided the ordeal of a
public ceremony.
"You needn't feel at all ashamed to be
fooled by a man as sly as the Senator,"
Mrs. Platt said to several reporters, at
which Platl gave another chuckle.
Early to-day Senator Platt emerged
from his apartments In the Fifth Avenue
Hotel an hour earlier than Is his custom,
attired in a new frock coat, gray trous
ers, creased to perfection: patent leather
shoes,' etc. His was the ideal bridegroom's
attire, and his' smiling face helped to
carry out the impression of all concerned
that this was the moraine of his wed
ding, day, when, in fact, he was dressed
for his honeymoon trip.
"Senator Platt was anxious to avoid the
crush and confusion when the service was
being performed." is the substance of a
statement issued by his secretary, who
added that the arrangements for the wed
ding on Sunday #*ere made last week and
that there was" no other reason for se
crecy than the one named. The sugges
tion that- Miss May Wood's threatened
suit hurried the wedding was treated
scornfully by Platt's Intimate friends.
NEW YORK. Oct. 13.— None of Senator
Platt's political triumphs has afforded
him such keen enjoyment as his coup in
misleading his closest friends, who ex
pected him to, marry Mrs. Lillian Jane
way to-day at noon, when, In ' fact, the
couple had been married four days - ago.
The ceremony took place In Mrs. Jane
way's apartments in the Holland House,
with "only their own children and Mrs.
Jarteway's sister present. The Rev. Cr.
David .. J. Burfell, who * has been Platt's
spiritual adviser since the latter's dif
ference with Dr. Parkhurst a few years
ago, performed the ceremony.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
Another Londoner lost a purse contain
ing $200 when the corp3 were in Montreal.
The police arc maintaining secrecy over
the affair, although they have declared
vengeance upon the crooks who did the
stealing. Last night detectives were act
ually In the dining hall and all through
the hotel, while uniformed policemen sur
rounded the hotel entrances.
BOSTON. Oct. 15.— Professional pick
pockets in the guise of waiters and wine
pourers are believed to have gained ad
mission to the banquet hall at Hotel Som
erset last evening 1 and to have preyed
upon members of the Honourable Artil
lery Company of London and the An
cient and Honorable Artillery Company
of Boston. Gerald S. Phillips of the
London organization was the heaviest
loser, some one getting: away with his
purse, containing $300, a letter of credit
for £330 and hia return passage ticket.
The loss was not discovered until the
close of the festivities and consternation
among the diners was visible everywhere.
Phillips remembered that one of the wait
ers brushed against him in a rather sus
picious manner once during the progress
of the banquet. Phillips said to-day:
"The police are laying a trap with
which they expect very soon to appre
hend the culprit. Mine was not the only
loss. Though I suffered the heaviest. I
understand that there was much filch
ing."
- Numerous accusations were afloat to-day
against waiters who served at the ban
quet. It was said that one colonel had
his elaborate menu taken by a waiter
and that another colonel remonstrated
with the light-fingered gentleman. "While
he was reprimanding the waiter hia own
menu was taken. «
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Suggestion That Miss Wood's
Threat Caused Haste
Is Denied.
Thefts Occur Under Noses
of a Large Corps
of Detectives.
Honourable Artillery
x Company Members
the Victims.
Announcement Is Made
Four Days After
the Event.
Secret Wedding of
the New-- York
Senator.
Rob British Guests
at Banquet in
Boston.
JOKE IS ON
THE FRIENDS
OF PLATT
PICKPOCKETS
IN THE GUISE
OF WAITERS
T ONDON, Oct. ,16. — The Morning Advertiser announces that it regrets to learn, from a source which it regards- as beyond question, that the decision of the Alaska boundary tribunal
/ virtually concedes the American case. The Morning Advertiser, which appears to be thoroughly satisfied with the reliability of its statement, says the -news will be received in
Canada with consternation. It gives a map and a detailed explanation showing ho>v the decision will affect Canada, and adds that those who have followed the arguments have
been thoroughly satisfied with Clifford Sif ton's preparation and presentation of the case.
°- / »»-. i r . . - . ,-. _.-¦¦¦•¦.-... . . .. , ¦ .
AMERICA TRIUMPHS OVER CANADA IN ALASKA BOUNDARY CASE,
TRIBUNAL CONCEDING JUSTICE OF THIS GOVERNMENT'S CLAIM
Continued on Page 2, Column 3.
Continued on Page 2, Column 4.
SAN FRANCISCO; FRIDAY; OCTOBER 36, 1903.
PRIOB FIVE CENTS.
The San Francisco Call
VOLUME XCIV— NO. 138.
PRESIDENT PAYS ELOQUENT
TRIBUTE TO THE MEMORY OF
WILLIAM TECUMSEH SHERMANcapital a fitting memorial to General Wil
liam'Tecumseh Sherman, the man who
did so much to bring to a close the great
Civil War, was started soon after his
death in 1891. —
The work was Undertaken by the So
ciety of the Army of the Tennessee. hl3
old command, and to the members there
of is due the credit for the final accom
plishment of the purpose. '
They raised $11,000 by subscription
among themselves, and secured an ap
propriation' of $30,000 from Congress, mak
ing $41,000 in all, which was thought ade
quate to complete the work as originally
planned. In 1S95 the leading sculptors of
the country were asked to prepare de
signs and twenty-six models were sub
mitted in January, 1896.
On May 27, 1896, the design offered by
Carl Rohl Smith, a Danish- American art
ist, was selected and in November fol
lowing the contract for the work was
awarded to him.
It was soon found, however, that on ac
count of : some unforeseen contingencies
a much larger amount of money was
needed.
The Army of tha Tennessee subscribed
$5000 more and Congress raised its origi
nal appropriation to JSO.OOO, making. $06,
000 In all.
¦ The supervision of the work was con
fided to a committee consisting of General
Miles, the Secretary of War and several
members of the Army of the Tennessee,
with the eminent sculptors, St. Gaudens
and Olin Warner, and Architects Bruce
Price and Charles Post as advisers.
Upon receiving the award for the
monument, Carl Rohl-Smlth removed
from Chicago, where he resided, to Wash
ington, and set up his studio on the
ground, but in 1900, while on a short trip
to Denmark In the interest of his work —
which he intended to be his masterpiece—
he was taken ill and died at Copenhagen
August 20.
Upon his death hla widow undertook
to complete the work by the employment
of other sculptors. Henry H. Kitson of
Boston executed the four baa reliefs.
Stephen Lindlng, a Norwegian artist, the
two groups of "War" and "Peace," and
Lauritz Jensen completed the model of
Sherman and his mount.
The great bronze horse represents such
a mount as General Sherman always pre
ferred — quiet and subdued — but capable of
hard service and good speed. General
Sherman's figure sits erect thereon with
the head turned toward the White House.
Below the horse and rider are four bas
reliefs— "An Incident In the. Battle of
Missionary Ridge," "The Battle of At
lanta." "The March Through Georgia'.*
and "Sherman in Camp at Night." Eight
medallions represent the following of his
commanders: Logan, Ransom, Grierson,
Blair, O. O. Howard, Dodge, . McPherson
and Smith. On tha terrace base are
four heroic bronze figures, standing on
the corner pedestals, representative of the
men who followed Sherman la his cam
paigns.
On the north side Is the following In
scription:
WILLIAM TECUMSEH BHERMAN. '
1S20-1S91.
On No Earthly Account Will I Do Any Act
? or Think Any Thought Hostile to or
. in Defiance of the
Old Government of the ' United States.
(Alexandria, La., January 18, 1861.)
War's Legitimate Object Is More Perfect
Peace."
fWasnlngton. D. C, February 23. 18S2.)
The inscription on the south side is as
follows:
Semlnole War, 1840-1842.
War in Mexico, 1847*1848.
' Occupation . of California.
Civil War, 1861-1865.
General Commanding Army of the United
States. 1S69-18S4.
*- Erected by the
Society of the Army of the- Tennessee,
With the AM of
The Congress of the United States.
1903.
The ground covered by the monument is
about fifty-seven feet one way by fifty
feet the other. The pedestal is of New
Hampshire granite and on the east and
west sides are two allegorical groups,
"War" and "Victorious Peace." The
height of the statue proper Is seventeen
feet six inches and the extreme height of
the monument fifty feet. The site on
which it has been erected is an Ideal spot
directly south of the treasury and one
where all the artistic points of merit can
be seen to the best advantage.
OFFICERS OF MILL, VALLEY
LODGE OF MASONS,- IN
STALLED LAST NIGHT.
To Cure a ¦'¦ Cold ¦¦-¦ in ', One . Day
Take j Laxative i'Bromo * Quinine .;. Tablets.' ? ¦ All
<i ru bcIsis i refund I the i money. If 1 1 fails to cure.
E. W. Grove's signature la on each; box.. 25c •
SEATTLE, Oct. 15.— Alaska haa chosen dele
gates v to .. the .National Republican ; Convention
of ; 1004.' ~ Judge, C:S.f Johnson and Colonel ,W.
,T. 1 Perkins have been j elected ; from ; the < Nome
division «of ;tho s district, "r A ".telegram -¦ to ' this
effects was ;" received t this • morning: ? ! by." J>- V.
Trenholme." secretary" of the 'Northwestern
Commercial i Company, . -;¦ ; ¦ --¦>; ..<- ¦ •
Slot Machine Ordinance.
OAKLAND. Oct. 15.— The Council com
mittee to-night considered the ordinance
introduced by.. Councilman Dornin : regu
lating slot machines. . Chief- of Police
Hodgklns was, present • and \vras I ques
tioned by Councilman . Howard. No '. de
cision was arrived at by the committee.
Filipinos Kill" a Few Locusts.
"MANILA, Oct.: 16.— Returns from all the
provinces show- that, the . natives* ] up' to
date 'have killed: 17,000,000 pounds ' of ' lo
custsV^'\ , ; ,;.- .¦ ." : ¦ . v /¦¦¦¦¦¦" 7
Baptists Meet ; at Santa ; Rosa.
SANTA ROSA, ' Oct 15.— The . forty
fourth annual • session /)f the Pacific Bap
tist' Association/ convened, here this af- ;
ternoon, the : Rev. G. N. Annes moderator
and A. Stanley secretary. ; After ; an ' hour,
service devoted to the memory j of vthe
late Rev. A., B.. Banks , of .Healdsburg,'
who died a few days'ago,"- addresses; were
delivered, by the Rev. W.-E.- Story, the
Rev.; W. L. Gaston, j the; Rev.T G. ¦ N:;Ames
and V the Rev.v R.; L. ' Barbee. Z The' annual
eermonXwas' delivered! by the'Rev. N.v-L,.
Freeman, . . ' , /.¦,./• ¦;;¦• ¦'.:^* : -
SPRINGFIELD. Ohio, Oct. 15.— "Mother"
Etewart. the world-wide Christian temperance
leader, li not dead, as wm reported throughout
tht country to-day. The person who died was
a woman also known a« "Mother" Stewart and
¦ resident cf this city.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
FRESNO, Oct. 15.— Through the efforts
of Deputy United States Marshal Tim
mins and Detective J.-M.- McDonald, $1500
in coin stolen from the House & Gal
lagher stage office at Sanger on Septem
ber 10 was yesterday recovered, the offi
cers digging it out of a gopher hole near
the stable.
The money was sent from this city -to
Con Harrigan at Millwood and was left
at the stage office o^er night.. The next
morning John Price, foreman of the sta
ble, handed the satchel containing • the
money to the driver,, who in turn deliv
ered it : to Harrigan at Millwood tin; the
evening. .; ,- V.. . • ¦-¦•> •
. When Harrigan opened the satchel he
found it full of bricks instead of money.
He\ at once came to Fresno I arid secured
the '¦ services of ¦ the two officers. Clews
were at ¦ first scarce," but : Price was sus
pected of the theft, g On the morning i the
money, was stolen he left town on a vaca
tion and did not return for several days.
The I officers auestioned 1 him*, and | he \ at
first denied" all , knowledge of the* money.
Finally, however,' he gave. way under^ the
questioning and admitted taking. the coin,
which he had hidden in a gopher hole near
the stable. .7" :?¦:-;
.-.Timmins and McDonald went to the
hole and dugupfthe money^ after search
ing 'a* few. minutes. It is not -probable
that Price will . be prosecuted, . Harrigan
being, satisfied*, to get :"¦ his money£back.
Price Is a brother of '., the . Sanger consta
ble,' is a man of 'family^ and , has always
borne; a good . reputation^
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA CLARA,* Oct. 15.— Observation
of the sun spots yesterday taken at Santa
Clara College has . led to the-, belief that
they may again be visible when the sun
has revolved upon Its axis'. The spots
were very clear and distinct against the
granulated photosphere I of the sun when
the first observations were taken at the
college at 8 a.' m. , yesterday. The last
vestige of the spots -disappeared at 10:30
a. m.,; standard Pacific time. .
; Providing £ the large spot on the sun
does not vanish before a revolution of the
sun on its axis is accomplished, it may be
visible again within ' twenty-seven days
six hours, the average time required for
a complete revolution of the sun, if the
sun's . accelerated equatorial motion does
not bring it 'back sooner. Sun spots al
ways -appear within forty-five degrees on
either side of the solar equator, and as
the equatorial motion has' been known to
exceed that .of other parts of th'e sun . by
two 'days; : it ? is ; possible that .the spots
may return' in, less than the average time.
"i Drawings ." by 'the Rev. ; R. H. Bell, who
is ¦ achieving remarkable success in : his
wireless ' development , work,
made from- observations ' taken'? by i' the
Rev. ' 'Jerome Ricard, 'astronomer ; at the
college; ; show the • principal ' spot at the
time of its disappearance i to have been In
the'f western' limb ' of the solar body. In
form the'spot was oblate, slightly pointed
at ; the upper edge, with an ; intense black
protuberance c at ' the"; vanishing edge." It
was 5 accompanied by t our ;.' dark lines or
markings,?. bearing northward, from the
spot, with Intermediate " smaller linea in
very irregular; structure. '^SSBI
Man Killed by Train.
OAKLAND. Oct. 15.— A man was
struck by a Southern Pacific train at the
foot of B street, in West Oakland, to
night and instantly killed. There Is no
clew to his identity.
Money Stolen in Sanger
in Mysterious Man
ner Is Recovered.
Santa Clara College As
tronomers Renew .
Observations.
SPOTS ON SOL
MAY REAPPEAR
THE Grand Lodge of Free and Ac
cepted Masons resumed business
yesterday In the Masonic Temple.
The morning session . was taken
up with the disposition of many
matters that relate to the good
of the order exclusively. At the after
noon session Grand Orator E. H. Hart
delivered a lengthy address. This ,was
followed by eulogies of two past grand
masters, the late E. M. Preston and N.
W. Spaulding.
In the evening there was the constitut
ing of Mill Valley Lodge under dispensa
tion of Marin Lodge of San Rafael.
The Mill Valley Lodg*' is the "baby"
lodge of the year and out of eight new
lodges Instituted during the last year it
is the last one to be constituted. The first
step taken was in July. Within four
weeks from that time the necessary num
ber of charter members had been selected
and a dispensation petitioned for.- Before
the dispensation was allowed sufficient
funds had been collected and a building
was under course of construction. To
day the Masonic Temple is one of the
most imposing structures in Mill Valley.
The building and lodge furnishings cost
nearly $12,000.
Harry A. Klyce, worshipful master of
the lodge, personally supervised the con
struction of the temple and it is complete
In all its appointments. The inside j fur
nishings are especially elaborate and cost
ly, while the electric illuminating para
phernalia Is not surpassed by that of any
Masonic lodgeroom In the State. AH of
the emblems of the order are brought In
relief by a concentration of Incandescent
lamps.
The lodge consists of the most promi
nent residents of Mill Valley as well as
some 'of San Francisco's .foremost busi
ness men. whose domiciles are under the
shadow of Mount Tamalpais. »
The temple i£ located on Corte Madera
avenue. The lower floor has been leased
to the city of Mill Valley for municipal
offices.
The officers of, the lodge who were in
stalled by the Grand Lodge" are: Harry
A. Klyce, worshipful master; Louis L.
Janes, senior warden; James' Newlands
Jr., junior warden; Samuel N. Burt,
senior deacon; A. H. Pritchard, Junior
deacon; F. F. Bostwick, treasurer; F. F.
Runyon. secretary; Thomas T. Greaves
and W. Gordon Selmood, stewards; N. P.
Yost, tyler. . :
' Marl n Lodge exemplified the work In
the first or apprentice,. degree before the
Grand Lodge last night In a very Impres
sive manner.
To-day the officers for the ensuing Ma
sonic year will be chosen and the file
will be cleared and on the following day
the new officers will be installed. i...
Wilkinson of Polsom
Says He Didn't Cut
His Clothes.
BACRAMENTO, Oct. 15.— The cross-ex
amination of Warden Wilkinson of Fol-
Bom prison was resumed when the cases
of Convicts Wood and Murphy, who es-'
caped from th© prison last July, were
taken up by Justice J. R. Brown this
morning.
The Warden denied emphatically that
he had cut his own clothes, the garments
¦which were introduced in evidence by the
prosecution showing they had been cut
with a knife.
Guard Ryan testified that he himself
had locked Murphy in his cell on Sunday
the day before the break, the defense in
tending to show that he could not have
been engaged tn conversation -with other
jrisoners in the prison yard on that day
hatching up a conspiracy to assault the
prison officials in order to escape.
Convict Abbott will be brought down
from the prison to-morrow to testify for
the prosecution.
WORK OF LOVING . COMRADES.
Sherman's Old Command Carried
Project to a Successful Issue.
- The movement to erect at trie national
while acting as director, but could not
recall any of their conversations. He had
been given the minutes of the first direc
tors' meeting before the meeting . was
held. The minutes were a resume of what
was to be done. They Included all of the
documents and resolutions . ready to be
passed. The proceedings were put
through without change. The witness
said that he and his co-directors voted
for the acceptance of the offer contained
in the minutes.
Seward said he had never heard of John
\V. Young before that meeting. He also
said that he did not at that time know
the representative of the Hyde Windlass
Company. Aside from the papers , he
knew nothing -of the Canada company.
He accepted the papers that were sub
mitted to him at the meeting because
they came from reliable persons. He did
not know of the firm of Moore & Sons
and did not know where he had voted
to acquire their plant while he was act
ing as director of the shipbuilding com
pany. .-.,,.
The witness said he had placed no val
uation on the plants separately. He said
he had. however, placed a valuation on
the whole group of yards, and Unter
meyer asked him how he could value the
whole if he- had not valued the plants.
The witness said he had taken the report
of the accountants on the valuation.
Untermeyer sought to show that Sew
ard voted while a director simply as he
was told by the attorneys for the cor
poration and that he had possessed no
knowledge as to the value of the sev
eral properties which he voted to pur
chase. .
EABNS $20 AS DIKECTOB.
The redirect . examination of Seward
brought out the fact that for his services
as director for the -shipbuilding company
he had been paid the sum of $20. Later,
when Untermeyer asked him if he would
have voted the same if it had been _pro
posed to Issue $171,000,000, worth of securi
ties instead of $71,000,000, the witness re
fused to answer. Guthrie had objected
to the question as immaterial, and in, the
end It was agreed to certify the question
to the court, after counsel had exchanged
sarcasm on the subject.
•Horace T. Gould of the Corporation
Trust Company, who said that he had
acted as incorporator <• f or ' 100 or more
companies, was the next witness.' He had
two shares of stock in tho shipbuilding
company, but did not pay for them him
self. He said * that he had no personal
interest. In the company and that' he
probably, had had. the two shares of stock
long ennujrh to , indorse them and hand
them back to the Corporation Trust Com
pany. :-".'" : -' . ¦,¦"¦..'¦
Jvfnneth T. McLaren, secretary of the
Corporation Trust Company, was the next
witness. of trie . day. He said that his
corporation had five' directors, but; he
could only name three of them. ! He was
sure, hqwever.i that neither Max Pam nor
Charles M. Schwab , had any interest - in
the concern. He was one of ] the ". incor*
porators of the shipbuilding .company,
but conld'not tell who had asked' him to
become: an incoraorator. r He . had two
shares of the stock,~but did . not pay , for
them, and ; had no pecuniary" interest In
the shipbuilding company.' N "
WARDEN DENIES
CONVICT'S STORY
Continued From Page 1, Column 2,
MINbTES ARE WRITTEN IN ADVAKC
•"
Leading Citizens of Mill Valley Are Admitted Into the Great Fraternity as
the Baby Organization, Impressive Ceremony Being Carried Out in the
Temple— Grand Masters Who Passed Away This Year Are Eulogized
General Young was chief: marshal I and,
with his staff, headed the- procession.
Following came tho Second Cavalry, the
engineer battalion from Washington Bar
racks, headed by the ' engineer band, two
battalions of coast artillery from Forts
Washington, Hunt and' Monroe, the
Fourth Field "Battery of Artillery, from
Fort Myer, a company . of the hospital
corps, a detachment of marines and two
battalions of seamen. The second divis
ion of the parade consisted of the vari
ous organizations of the District National
Guard. . . r * • *, , \
The unveiling ceremony began with
music by..the marine band. General Gren
ville M. Dodge,' president of the statue
commission, gave a brief • description of
the statue* and then introduced "William
Tecumseh Sherman Thorndyke, who,
from the base of the j pedestal, pulled a
cord and 'two^Immense national flags
slowly parted, unveiling the statue of his
grandfather. Attached to' the cord was
a bunch of flowers, which the little fel
low carried' to the stand and presented to
the President, who congratulated him
warmly. ,
The President was Introduced/ by Gen
eral Dodge. ' As he arose the veterans
gave him round after round of cheers.
The President's speech was frequently in
terrupted with , applause. The President,
said:
To-day we meet together to do honor to the
memory of one of the great men whom. In
the hour of . her agony, our nation ¦ brought
forth for her preservation. The Civil War
was not only in the importance of -the issues
at stake and. of the outcome the greatest of
modern times, but it was also, taking Into
account Its duration, the severity of the fight
ing and the size of the armies engaged, the
greatest since the close of the Napoleonic
struggles. 'Among the generals who rose to
high position as leaders of the various armies
in the field are many who will be remembered
in our history as long- as this history It3elf
is remembered. Sheridan, the incarnation of
tlery energy and prowess; Thomas, farslghted.
coolheaded. * whose, steadfast courage, burned
ever highest ¦ In the supreme moment of the
crisis; McClellan, with his extraordinary gift
for organization; Meade, victor In one of the
decisive battles of all ..time; Hancock, type of
the true .fighting man among the regulars;
LoKan, type of the true lighting: man among
the volunteers — the names of tHese and of
many others will endure so long as our peo
ple ' hold sacred the memory of the fight for
union and for liberty. High among these
chiefs rise the figures of Grant and of Grant's
great- lieutenant, Sherman, whose s>tatue here
In the national capital Is to-day to be un
veiled. It is not necessary h**te to go over
the long roll of Sherman's migrhty feats. .They
are written large throughout the history of
the Civil War. Our memories would be poor
indeed if we did not recall them now, as
we look along Pennsylvania avenue and think
of the great triumphal march which surged
down its length when at the close of the war
the victorious armies of the East and of the
West met here In the caDltal of tho nation"
they had saved. . , ¦ • '
There is a peculiar fitness in commemorating
the great deeds of the soldiers who preserved
this nation by suitable monuments at the
national caDital. I trust we. shall soon have
a proper statue of Abraham "Lincoln, to whom
more than to any other one man this nation
owes its salvation. Meanwhile, on behalf of
the people of the nation, I wish to congratu-'
late all of you who have been instrumental
in securing the erection of this statue to Gen
eral Sherman.
MUST BE TRUE TO THE PAST.
The living • can best show their respect for
the memory of the great dead by the way in
which they take to heart and act upon the
lessons taught by the lives whieh made these
dead men great. Our homage to-day to ths
memory of Sherman comes from the depths of
our bein*. We would be unworthy citizens
did we not feel profound gratitude toward him.
anfl those like him and under him, who, when
the country called .in her dire need, sprang
forward with such gallant eagernes3 to answer
that call. Their blood and their toll, their
endurance arid patriotism, have made us and
all who come after us forever their debtors.
They left us not merely a reunited country,
but a country Incalculably greater because of
its rich heritage in the deeds which thus left
It reunted. A» a nation we are the greater,
not only for the valor and devotion to duty
displayed by the men In blue, who .won in the
great struggle, for the Union, but also-for the
valor and the loyalty toward what they re
garded as right of the men In gray;, for this
war, thrice focfunattf above .all -other recent
wars in^ Its outcome, left to all of us the.
right of- brotherhood alike with valiant victor
and valiant vanqulFhed.
Moreover," our homage must not only find
expression on our lips; It must also show Itself
forth In our deeds. It la a great and glorious
thing for a nation to be stirred to present
triumph by the splendid memories of -triumphs
in the past. But it is a shameful thing for a
nation, if these memories stir it only to empty
boastings, to a pride that does not shrink
from present abasement, to that self-satisfac
tion which accepts the high resolve and un
bending effort of the father as an excuse for
effortless ease or wrongly directed effort in
the son. We of the present. If we are true
to the past, must show by our 'lives that we
have learned aright the lessons taught by the
men who did the mighty deeds of the past.
We must have in us the spirit which made
the men of the civil war what they were;
the rplrit which produced leaders such as
Sherman; the spirit which gave to the aver
age soldier the grim tenacity and resourceful
ness that made the armies of Grant and Sher
man as formidable fighting machines as thin
world has ever seen. We need their rugged
ness of body, their keen and vigorous minds,
and above all. their dominant' quality of force
ful character. Their lives teach us in our
own lives to strive after not the thing which
Is merely pleasant, but the thing which It Is
our duty to do. The life of duty, not the life
of mere ease or mere pleasure — that is the
kind of < life which makes the great man as it
makes the great nation.
MANIFOLD DUTIES OF PEACE.
We cannot afford to lose* the virtues which
made the men of '61 to' '05 great in war. No
GOPHER'S HOLE
YIELDS THE COIN
man is warranted in feeling pride In the deeds
of the, army and navy of the past if. he does
not back up the army and navy of the pres
ent. If we -are farsighted in our patriotism
there will be no let up in the work of building
and of keeping at the highest point of efn
clency a navy suited : to tne part the tinned
States must hereafter play in the world, ana
of making and keeping our • email regular
army, which in the event of a great war can
never be anything but the nucleus around
which our volunteer armies must form them
selves, .the best army of its size to be 'found
among the. nations. : ; : -- '- ' 't '
. So much for our duties in keeping unstained
the honor roll our fathers made in war. It
is of even mere instant need that we should
show their spirit of patriotism in the affairs
of peace. The duties of peace are with us'
always; those of war are but occasional; and
with a nation as with a man, the worthiness
of life depends upon the way In which the
everyday duties • are done. The home duties
are the vital duties. The nation is nothing
but the aggregate of the families within Its
border; and if the average man • Is • not ¦ hard
working, ' just and fearless in his dealings
with those about him, then our average of
public life will in the end be low, for the
stream can rise no higher than Its source.: But
in addition we need to remember that a peculiar
responsibility rests upon the man in public
life. We meet in the capital of the nation.
In the city which owes its existence to the
fact that it is the seat of the national Govern
ment. It is well for us, in this place and at
this time, to remember that exactly as there
are certain homely qualities, the lack of which
will prevent the most brilliant man alive from
being a useful soldier to his country, so there
are certain homely qualities for the . lack of.
which in the public servant no shrewdness or
ability can atone. The greatest, leaders,
whether In war or in peace, must, of course,
show a peculiar quality of genius, but the most
redoubtable armies that . have ever existed
have been redoubtable because the average sol
dier, the average officer, possessed to a high
degree such comparatively simple ' qualities as
loyalty, courage- and hardihood. And so the
most successful governments are those in
which the average public servant possesses
that variant of loyalty which we call patriot
ism, together with common sense- and honesty.
We can as little afford to tolerate a. dishonest
man in the public service as a coward in the
army. The murderer takes a single life; the
corruptlonist in public .life, whether he be
bribe-giver or bribe-taker, strikes at the heart
of the commonwealth. . -
WRONGDOING- IN" OFFICE.
¦ In every public service, as In every army/
there will be wrongdoers, there will occur mis
deeds. This cannot be avoided, but vigilant
watch must be kept and as soon as discovered
the wrongdoing must be stopped and the wrong
doer punished. Remember that In popular gov
ernment we must rely on the people themselves
alike Tor the punishment and the reformation.
Those upon whom our institutions cast the
initial duty of bringing malefactors to the bar
of Justice must' be diligent in its discharge;
yet in the last resort the success of their ef
forts to purge the public service of corruption
must depend upon the attitude of the courts
and of the juries drawn from the people.
Leadership is of avail only so far as there is
wise and resolute; public sentiment behind it.
In the long run, then, it depends upon us
oursolves. upon us. the people as a whole,
whether this Government Is or is not to stand
In the future as it has stood in the past, and
my faith that it will show no falling off is
based upon my faith In the character of our
average citizenship. The one supreme duty
is to try to keep this average high. To thip
end it is well to keep alive the memory of
those men who are tit to serve as examples of
what Is loftiest and best In American citizen
ship. Such a man was General Sherman. Toi
very few In any generation Is It given to render
such services as he rendered; but each of us
In his degree can try to show something of
those qualities of character upon which. ¦ in
their sum, the high worth of Sherman rested —
his courage, his kindliness, his clean and sim
ple living, his sturdy good sense, his manli
ness and tenderness In the intimate relations
of life and, finally, his Inflexible rectitude of
soul and his loyalty to all that in this. free re
public is hallowed and symbolized by the na
tional flag.
TBIBUTES TO GBEAT SOLDIEB.
As soon as the applause following the
President's address had subsided, David
B. Henderson of Iowa, former Speaker of
the House of Representatives, spoke on
behalf of the Army of the Cumberland.
In eulogy of General Sherman he said:
The language of this statute tells what he
fought for — peace. To recount his battles Is to
give a history of the Civil War. His march
to the isea Is generally regarded as his greatest
campaign,, but It "is an error. It was a bril
liant campaign — the world so rated It — but it
did not come up to the. genius and grandeur of
the campaign immediately following It. when
he carried practically the same army from
Savannah ' to North Carolina. That was the
greatest work of Sherman's life. Could the
living- and the dead of the -Civil -War unite In
one voice they would say of Sherman, "He was
a great man. he was a great soldier, he was a
pure patriot." .. .
For the Society of the Army I of the
Tennessee, Representative Charles H.
Grosvenor of Ohio, in a long speech, said
of General Sherman:
His fame will go forward to future genera
tions as the fame of a great American soldier,
not confined by the limits of any society, but
expanding and growing and glorious as the
honor of any American soldier ever shall be.
General Thomas J. Henderson of Illinois
eulogized Sherman on behalf of the So-,
ciety of the Army of the Ohio.
Speaking for the Society of the Army of
the Potomac, General Daniel E. Sickles
said:
The ceremonies 'closed "with the bene
diction pronounced by the Right Rev.
Henry Yates Satterlee, Bishop of Wash
ington.
Sherman fills a conspicuous page In the his
tory of great commanders. He will always
hold high rank in the estimation of Americans
as one of our most heroic figures. He grouped
•with Sheridan and Thomas among the chief
lieutenants of Grant.
GRAND LODGE OF MASONS LISTENS
TO WISE WORDS OF GRAND ORATOR
¦ . ¦¦•-¦.: , ..•¦..;.- . • • • •.-*¦«-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 16, 1903;
Continued From Page 1, Column 4:
Pays a Tribute to the Memory of Sherman
2
ADVERTISEMENTS.
YOU WILL BE ALL
SMILES AGAIN
Forget Your Stomach and You'll
Have a Santa Clans Face.
HOW TO DO IT.
If there is one thins: more than all others
that will give a man a forlorn and friendless
appearance and make him morbid and
"cranky" and disagreeable, that thins is dys-
pepsia. It makes one forget his friends and
become morose and irritable. He is so wrapped
up in his own misery that he Is Inconsiderate
of every one else. Believed of this terribls
and depressing aliment, he again becomes a
good fellow and a man among men.
IS mart's Dyspepsia Tablets are beyond ques-
tion the most effective and popular remedy
ever offered to the sufferers of this terrible
disease. The thousands and - thousands of
cures they have brought about and the enor-
mous increase of their sales fully attest the
truth of this statement.
They are, above all, a natural remedy. They
possess exactly the same properties that the
gastric Juices and other digestive fluids of the
stomach possess, and they actually do the di-
gestive work of the stomach and enable that
organ to rest and recuperate and become sound
and well. They act In a mild, natural manner
and cause no disturbance in the digestive or*
gana. They prevent any fermentation of tha
food which causes sour stomach. In fact, un-
der their influence the subject forgets that he
has a stomach and his resulting cheerfulness
presents a great j contrast to his former dejec-
tion.
Millions of boxes of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tab-
lets are sold annually and they are but In the
j dawn of their popularity. Every mall brings
letters of thanksgiving from grateful ones who
have been cured of this terrible disease. The
following is one of hundreds received each
week:
Rev. J.' R. Hoag of Wymore.Nebr., writes:
"For six years I have been troubled with dys-
pepsia. Last fall I became xttry much alarmed
at some symptoms. of heart trouble and came
to believe there was a sympathetic relation be-
tween the two diseases, or rather that ' the
stomach trouble was the cause of the heart
disturbances. I hit upon Stuart's Dyspepsia
( Tablets for a remedy and Invested a dollar and
a half for three boxes which lasted me three
months, and I can eat any kind of food I want
and have a good, .vigorous appetite. Although
I am\77 yearavold, I'now feel perfectly well
and : without being requested by any cne I
make this , statement as a compliment to th*
virtues of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets."
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are for sale by
all druggists at 50c a box. -^ .
u , ¦ . ' ¦ ; > . "'."'"
A hundred years ahead of its
time-— Schilling's , Best — will
trade and goods improve so-
irnuch in i oo years ?
W.^t™^*\ ****** ~r
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Chas. Keilus & Co.
E x c I ir s i v e
High-Grade Clothiers
ZCo Branch Stores. No Agents.
Have You Ever Tried on
Some of Our Fall Models?
That Exclusiveness Which
We Put Into Our Late
Smart Styles Is Lauded by
the Correct Good Dresser
© H32 ©
K e a r n y Street
ThurJo w Block
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I ;
1 EACLESON I CO.'S
|, FALL OPENING
UNDERWEAR
HOSIERY
NECKWEAR
FANCY SHIRTS
NIGHT R0BE5
ALL THE LATEST
PRODUCTIONS
OF EUROPE AND AMERICA.
RELIABLE GOODS.
RIGHT PRICES.
748 and 750 MARKET ST.
242 MONTGOMERY ST.
I BEERS I
I The Highest Priced bui fj
I the Beat Quality. *
I. <90L!> XVEfcYWHERS* |
B BILBERT MERCANTILB CO.. \\
ft. P»dflc Coast Areats. t}
Rheumatism
Bright'! disease, brick dust fieposlt, bed-
wetting, gravel, dropsy, diabetes.
Cured with J^5s3§L
One Bottle /
K McBurney's /f^ *tJB
j Bladder Cure f; *i
B Relief In 20 mln- ' St\. F<
1 men. Express pre- * •;V I
I paid $1 SO. Send 25c to W. F. McBur- It
J ney for five days" treatment. 1 1
1 226 S. Spring st., Los Angeles. Sold \ J
fl by druggists. 1 1
®Vim, Vigor, Vitality for Men.
MORMON BISHOP'S PILL3
have been In use over fifty
years by tha leaders of the
Mormon Church and ¦ their
followers. Positively cure the
wont cases Is old and youn<
arising from effects «.f self-
abuse, dissipation, excesses or
cigarette smoking. Cttrli Ix»t
Manhood. Imootency. Lost
Power. Xlcht Losses Insom-
nia. Pains In Back. Evil Desires. Lame Back,
Nervous Debility. Headache, Unfitness to Mar-
ry, Loss of Semen, jmi Varicoceie or Con-
stipation, Stop Ner **% fM voua Twitching of
Eyelids. Effects are JHZr^f^ Immediate. Impart
vigor and potency *»««*•» to every function.
Don't get despondent, a cure is at hand. Re-
store small, undeveloped organs. Stimulate
the brain and nerve centers; SOc a box; 0 for
$2 50 by mail. A written guarantee to cure or
money refunded with B boxes. Circulars fr»e.
Address BISHOP REMEDT CO., 40 Ellis it..
San Francisco, Cal. GRANT DRUG CO., 38
and 40 Third at.
•DT5TTClIt7C FOR BAHBER3. BA-
XjltUoilxLo ker *' bootblack*, bath-
W1IUW11UU houses, billiard tables
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners.
dyers, flour mills, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories,
•tablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, eta
BUCXAJTAIT BROS.,
Brash Manufacturers, 609 Sacramento St.
IA/. X. HESS,
Votary Fnblio asd Attorn ey-at-Law.
Tenth Floor, Room 1015. Claus Spreckels bid?.
Teleshone Main 083.
Residence, 821 California st., below Powell.
Residence Telephone James 1501.
POLITICAL CARDS.
For ?
Mayor
HENRY J. CROCKER
Republican
jFor Public Administrator!
William E. Lutz
| Republican Nominee!
For Tax Collector
Edward J.
SMITH
(INCUMBENT.)
Regular Republican Nominee
For Sheriff
Peter J., Curtis
Chairman Street Committee of Present Board
of Supervisors.
Democratic Nominee
Union Labor Party Nominee.REDDING, Oct. lS.-The heritage of old
age with Alexander McDowell is not de
spair. At the aflvanced age of 75 years
that gentleman has fallen a victim to the
Enares of Cupid and has taken unto him
self a wife. The combined age of the
couple is nearly a century and a half.
At Red Bluff Tuesday evening Pastor
Clark of the Methodist church performed
the marriage ceredbny that made Mc-
Dowell and Mrs. Samantha Long husband
and wife. Three grandchildren of Mrs.
Long witnessed the ceremony. There
were no -blushes, but tears of Joys dimmed
the eyes of the couple as they stood,
hand in hand, before the pastor and
listened to the nuptial service. The
bride', ase Is 71 years.
Alexander McDowell Weds at Sev
enty-Five Years a Bride of
Seventy-One.
CUPID ENTBAPS HIM
DESPITE ADVANCED AGE
Captain and M,rs. Dixon's guests were:
Prince and Princess Kalanianaole, Ad
miral and Mrs. Bowman H. McCalla, Cap
tain Tausslg. Mr. and Mrs. Jack Dixon,
Miss Nalani Jones and Captain Day of
the United States ship Mohican.
VALLE-TO, Oct. 15.— Prince Kalanian
ao!e (Prince Cupid), the new Hawaiian
Delegate to Congress, and his wife came !
to Mare Island yesterday as guests of J
Captain and Mrs. A. F. Dixon. Mrs.*|
Dixon was intimately acquainted with the ¦
members of the royal family during her j
girlhood, which was spent at the Islands, j
In the afternoon Captain Dixon escorted j
Prince Kalanianaole around the navy j
yard. |
PRINCE "CUPID" VISITS
THE Iff A TIE ISLAND YAHD
Hawaiian Delegate to Congress the
Guest of Captain and Mrs.
ways ana meant.
It will be FUggested that a committee of
three be appointed, one by th'e union one by
tht company and those two to select the
third. The butiness men pledged them
selves to do their best to bring about a
settlement and will take the matter up
with the company. The big mill is run
ning jart of the time, but there is not
bo large a force in the mine as a few
¦weeks since, a number of the new men
having left on the trains for other parts.
BAKERSFIELD, Oct. 15.— Word from
Randsburg is to the effect that an ef- j
fort is to be made to settle the stri-ke j
there by arbitration. The members of the j
union have expressed a willingness to fol- ,
low this course and on next Tuesday the
union office is will hold a conference with
the business men. of the town to devise :
Business Men Pledge Themselves to ,
Work Vigorously for a
Settlement.
ABBITBATTON MAY END
STRIKE AT EANDSBTJHQ
Murderer Makes His Escape and Is
Pursued by a Crowd Intent 'i
on I*ynchin^.
BUTTE. Mont., Oct. 15.— Miss Helen
Kelly, aged IS. was shot and killed In her J
room in the Dakota block this morning by
Albert Ereckmar.n. Breckmann claimed
he advanced the girl $300 to buy a trous- j
peaji. They were to have been married,
he said, but she changed ber mind.
Breckmann brought suit to recover the
money, but lost his case.
Just at daylight he went to her room j
and knocked. Thinking it was her broth- j
* r. Tvho lived In the next room. Miss Kelly j
t.ipened the door. Breckmann. thrust a j
revolver in the half opened door and j
fired six shots. Four of them took effect
ar.d the girl fell dead. She was carrying ;
a lamp, which exploded and set fire to J
her clothing and the furniture. Roomers
extinguished the fire after the body had
been slightly burned. Breckmann es
caped. He probably will be lynched if
caught. The Kelly girl came here only
tc:i weeks ago from Ireland. j
JH.TZD IX)VZB SHOOTS
AND KILLS YOUNG WOMAN
the hills to get a rest. He confessed hav
ing stolen supplies in the district where
he was found. Two other arrests have
been made in the same vicinity, but the
raises of the men are not known.
reported.
George Hammond was arrested this
morning a half mile from where the dyna
mite was found. He was found in a de
serted barn with his horse by Detective
McFeirldge. He was armed with a Colt's
revolver and had a belt full of cartridges.
Hammond says he worked in Colorado a
year ago and was injured in an accident
in the Sun and Moon mine and came into
passed ever the powder was pulled by
Engineer MoJTatt, who said that the
track appeared to be all right. Chief of
Detectives McElridge of St. Paul. In
charge of Northern Pacific detectives and
officers, left with a pack of bloodhounds
soon after the finding of the powder was
placed under the rail, the fishplates of
which had been removed. The train that
HELENA, Mont.. Oct. 15.— Six sticks of
dynamite were found on the Northern Pa
cific track near Birds Eye, eight miles
west of Helena, this morning. An extra
freight eastbound passed over the- pow
der during the night without exploding it.
The dynamite was discovered early this
morning by section men. It had been
Attempt Is Made to Wreck a North
ern Pacific Freight Train in
Montana.
SIX STICKS OF DYNAMITE
FOUND OH EAILBOAD TBACK
REDDING, Oct. 15.— James Wiley, for
merly a blacksmith of Hombrook and
later a member of the Southern Pacific
turntable gang at Dunsmuir, left bis bed
in his home at A6hland at 8 o'clock last
night, and, without awakening his wife
tisd three children, hanged himself In the
parlor.
Wiley first -went into the kitchen ana
secured a clothes line that was used for
drying clothes in the house. This he took
into the parlor. Cne end of the rope be
tied to a Bcrew hook In the center of tne
ce'ling en which a lamp formerly hung.
He then placed a chair In the center of
the room, directly beneath the rope, stood
on the chair, tied the other end of the
rope around his neck and kicked the chair
from beneath him.
About S:15 o'clock his 10-year-old son
awoke and missed his father. The lad
jumped out of bed and went into the par
lor and found his father hanging from
the end of the rcpe. The little fellow j
screamed with fright and Mrs. Wiley
awoke ard gave the alarm. Wiley, was 38
years of age.
Special I>i*ratch to Tl» Call.
Railroad Employe Ends His
Life While Family
Sleeps.
Ten- Year-Old Boy Finds
father Hanging in
a Parlor.
SUICIDE'S BODY
TERRIFIES CHILD
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 16, 1903.
3
, i^^^^^^^S II m ov^ rcoats for this season - It>s a lon S> fifty-inch
'$^^^^^^^^M^i>-y; ' • garment— long enough and heavy enough to keep you
l^^^^^^^^^^^g^^^^gg^^^^^^S a U?wrJ warm, large enough to pull on and off without help
I^Pf^^^^^^^^^^^pil^i and roomy enou § h in the skirts t0 P ermit of eas y walkin £- K
'^^M^^^^^^^^ Jftrt^^^^^^^P is a fashion for comfort as well as style, and is altogether the
i§%^t^^B^llS 'MMf^^^^^M^i^^^m most popular new style that has been introduced for years.
i??^tP^;I^^^^^S • he coats are made up in different styles. One which will be
3 uite a avorite is the "Tourist," as pictured on the right. The picture
0r^S' :^§i^^^^feCfl juh •Sfl jalfil shows just how the garment looks, as it is sketched from a living
Kif^S^^^^^^^ ' iUj ' /^^^^^^^^^^^m [ IS fl model wearing one of the coats. To get such a coat for ,$10.00 in an
§?iii|liS'^^^^^^ !J/ all-wool cheviot is certainly a good value. Our price is but $10.00
©SS/;'?^§^^^^^^p^| te^fti^S^§^^®4S§^l^^ ; because we made the garment in our own workshop and sell it di-
S^K^^^^^^SSfi overcoats in this style with belt in back, and then come here and try
on one of our co " ts ' You wiU find you can save at Ieast 4 ' 00 in buy "
W^S^S^^^^^^^^ e P* cture on tne l e^ shows the garment in the usual style. In
v>T^ big quantities. The coats are here awaiting calls from men who wish
"'••¦•'• ' .', j? to dress in good style at a moderate cost. The assortment represents
IHERE is the pleasing combination of style and value in
tures shown here give you an idea of two of the styles. Speaking # J1|?/\ V ' J ,^f|f I * l^^^^^^^^^Kft
The suits are made in single and double breasted styles, as shown * fttt^J^?^^^P^^^ 111111 HM SSl
in the accompanying pictures. The materials are. cheviots, thibets and : ' S^Afel.-J \ - .^^Ps^^S®B^
serges. The cheviots are blue, black and fancy mixed patterns; the \ * !^^^^^S©^^
Your trousers as a rule wear out before the coat and vest, and you \ w|^|i^
must purchase a new pair. Our assortment of trousers is so extensive x '-^P?S?8^S^& \ ftliv^fe* i|fe§§B
that you are sure to find in the assortment something which will look \ !§§&£!
Every stripe and pattern that has been brought out this season will " ¦ \
Any dissatisfied customer can return any goods purchased and the _.. r .. Sketched, frm Life "
Should you order 'please address " m ~^ m^ mm ..-'¦>' ..... :i . ..._ -. M ~ .^^^_ , stock of men's and. boys' clothing,
Dept. N.i. ' "V JViarl^Gt Stj*(B0t " furnishings and hats. :' - Oct; ; 15.— Rudolph . Rost,
the 17-year-old s'on of i Rudolph f Rost V©f
Penn •* Grove, Vwas : : accidentally killed * to
day, by Ithe discharge of a shotgun. ; Rost
with • a •' companion '.was 1 returning , from \ a
quail hunt' on; the Hardin" ranch,' Sonoma
Mountain, ti In ; raising his gun ' to ' flre at a
squirrel'? It l,vris ;;discharged :' In -t his /face,
blowing, the tbpjof his head off and killing
him' instantly.,''- : v fv '< :
Boy.; Meets; Accidental Death.
A Coroner's' jury - found , yesterday that
Yl Git Tong, the Chinese interpreter, jwhb
was", murdered ; at : 83% I Clay ; street
October &» came' to his death ' ; 'f rom gun
shot inflicted by a person or per*
sens unknown"
Murderers Unknown.
Veterans'. Auxiliary.
The; ladies' auxiliary' of Camp RIchter, I
Spanish War ..Veterans, will give' its first i
dance Jn the Page-street 'arraoryl on 'the
evening 'of t Wednesday, ' October 1 2L " ,The
hall wllj be'jvery tastefully decorated and
many novelties In that line are promised
by .; the "; committee, ' consisting : of."; Mrs.
George Hollister, president ;» Mrs. Thomas
Hamilton.; secretary, and -Mias Josie Mc-
Carthy, treasurer. HaBfii
Colored) Politician Shot and Killed.
; NEW YORK , , Oct. ""? 15.— Dur Insr , a njuar f
rel to-night |; Caleb" 1 *A:'; Simrhs.Vone .of ¦ the
best" known colored .men ': In : the j city i and
lea'derfof 'the United Colored Democracy
of New^York,;' was shot and: killed
inj the • clubhouse : of ; Colored i Democ
racy - by J Alma Padro,r a' West"; Indian \ ne- :
gro.rwho'is chairman'of house coni :
mlttee of ' the club.Y Padfo was' arrested.'
LONDON, Oct. 15.— The Earl -of * Hard
wick has been \ appointed under secretary
of state for India, and ; the \ Earl ' of Dbn
oughmore;. has received ', the ' appointment
of under, secretary/of > state for war. : ,.w ; i
Earls Receive Coveted Appointments.
James Brown, chiropodist at the Empo
rium,- secured a .warrant , from .Police
Judge Fritz yesterday, for, the arrest "of
Mrs. M. L.\ Luddlngton on, a.chargo of
felony embezzlement. 'He alleges that
he 1 gave her fifty.* shares of -the capital
stock of the Zubiate* Mining Company,
valued at $150," to ' sell • on . February ' 25
and that . she mortgaged the stock. ¦>»"";
Alleges She Mortgaged Stock.
, PARIS, Oct. . 15.— The gala ; performance
in, the. Grandl Opera-house given to-night
in, honor of the King and "Queen of Italy
was a great success. « Many of the leading
French artists took part in the perform
ance. *'i'5EiT?«j ¦ "¦„' '.'-., - .
Perform' in Honor of Royal Visitors.
Injured. Sailor Recovers . Damages.
HONOLULU, Oct." 15.— United States
District 5 Judge Estee has awarded $1800
damages to Julius Schlrrmacher, a sailor,
against Hhe ship \ Erskine » M.* 1 , Phelps . on
account "of a broken . leg. "The | sailor's leg
was accidentally.; fractured when 5 the^shlp
was oft Cape Horn and the .'court decided
that the captain was guilty, of negligence
inj hot tputtlng/ in L) at,, the nearest port
where surgical treatment could have*; been
obtained. >...•, *'' v. ¦ -V ,-„.-.- .v ¦.• ¦"¦." ¦ ¦*'".>
Justice of the Peace 'Anderaon of San
Diego fined Warren Pauly^Charles Requa
and W. "A. Goodell . $25 apiece yesterday
for * violations of the quail law. Michel
George and George Detr.o were arrested
on Suisun Bay yesterday by Deputy, Fish
Commissioners " Cross and Davis . for using
set nets. Justice of the Peace Bigg3 held
the defendants to answer before the Supe
rior Court.- * ¦ * • .
Fish Commission Is Active.
' LEIPSIC, Germany, Oct. 15;— The court
here has sentenced jHerr -Luettich, the
editor, of the '' Leipsio Volks , Zeitung, * to
six- months*' i imprisonment; v Herr ' Hell
mannof the Altenburgi Volks Zeltung to
three months'^ and • Dr. ' Schopplin, mem
ber -of i the . Reichstag a and ' an'editor :of
tthe Leipsic /Volks Zeitung, to four months'
for ' lese' majeste -In": publishing an 'article'
concerning 1 an 'alleged half -brother of the
German' ' Emperor, 'j. reproduced .*/ from a
Vienna' 1 paper.;';;: ..,'¦' 'v.'.'i r>"T "A ",
To : Prison for Lese Majeste.
MANILA. Oct 16.«— Dean * Tompklns,
formerly treasurer of San ' Fernando, has
been' sentenced to nine years' imprison
ment on the charge of embezzlement. On
September 25. Tompklns'was sentenced*, to
seventeen years for forgery. • ¦ ; ' -
Embezzling, Treasurer, Sentenced.
George D. Collins filed a motion in the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals
yesterday for permission to file a petition
for a writ of habeas corpus on behalf of
Walter. N. Dimmick, now serving a sen
tence of imprisonment In the State prison
at San Quentin. The petition was signed
by 'Jacob S. Meyer and takes a similar
ground to that in the same matter recent
ly before the Superior Court that Dim
mick had already completed his term of
Imprisonment. The-court will render an
opinion in the matter, this morning.
Another Move for Dimmick.
Rev.' Stephen Innes has' resigned the
rectorship of^the Church of St. Mary the
Virgin In'this city, and "at~a~meetlng held
yesterday of the wardens of the church
the vacancj- was unanimously filled by
the election of Rev. Walter B. Clark.
Unanimously Elected Rector.
Prince Alert Shaves Two Minutes.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa.', Oct 16,-Prince
Alert, the champion pacer, to-day in the
presence of 3000 persons at Belmont Driv
ing Park, failed in his attempt to lower
his, world's record of 1:57. He went the
mile, however, in less than 'two minutes,
covering the distance hi 1:59^4.':
SALT LAKE, Utah , Oct. 15.— After one
of the most exciting political battles "ever
fought -¦ in Salt • Lake, Frank "TKnox, ;[ the
president of the National Bank of t the
Republic,' was to-night > : nominated -' for
Mayor by the Republican city convention
over W.F. James, a well known, mining
man, and George ; T. . Odell, a" merchant
The nomination of : Knox is considered a
personal 'victory for United ' States Sena
tor Kearns." v '¦ : -'"-' : '"¦. '--'-
Victoty for. Senator Kearns.
D. N. Bartboldl, the Arizona hotel-keep
er and mining man arrested last Wednes
day for attempting to procure the coun
terfeiting of a flfty-orown Austro-Hunga
rian bank ; note, appeared before United
States Court Commissioner Heacock yes
terday , for identification. That ceremony
was performed by United States Secret
Service Agent George W. Hazen and the
bonds of the prisoner were fixed at $2000.
His examination was set for October .20.
He has engaged Bert Schleslnger to'de
f end him. ;4££££& " - ¦ «
Bartholdi Will Fight.
The newsboys of San Francisco will
(rather to-morrow evening at Scottish
Hall on Sutter. street, a meeting having
been called by Robert Hall, president of
the Newsboys' Union, .for the discussion
of important matters.
Newsboys to Meet To-Morrow.
Tax Collector Edward J. Smith yester
day issued circulars informing property
owners that owing to the delay caused
by the decision of the Supreme Court
changing the tax rate the bills for city
and State taxes will not be ready for dis
tribution until November 2. Auditor Baehr
has a large force of clerks working on
the , extensions In the assessment books,
and Tax Collector Smith has another
force making out the bills. Taxes will be
delinquent on - November 30, 1903, at 6
o'clock p. m.. so that taxpayers, will have
about a month in which to settle their
obligations with the municipality.
Tax Bills Will Soon Be Ready.
LONDON, Oct. 15.— King Edward has'
entrusted Lieutenant General Lord
Methuen with the mission of investing
Emperor Francis Joseph of Austria
the insignia of a field marshal," conferred
upon the Emperor during the King's re
cent visit to Vienna. :
Will Invest Emperor,. With Insignia.
Make a Bid for Hawaiian Bonds.
HONOLULU. Oct. 13.— Edward Point*
&, Co. of San Francisco have made a bid
for. the entire issue of Hawaiian bond3
which Secretary of the Territory Carte?
Is now engaged in floating in the Eastern
States. • ,
TACOMA. Wash., Oct. 15.— A general strik*
was ordered to-day of all men in the bulldlnc
trades. About 4<X> or 500 men are out.
Field's Bonds Fixed.
United States Court Commissioner Hea-.
ccck yesterday fbced the bonds of opium
smuggler Christopher Field at $300.
Freda Blerman, the young girl who was
found wandering about Hunters Point
several days ago, was sent t% the State
Hospital for the Insane at Napa yester
day afternoon by Judge Hebbard. Tb«»
girl imagines she is being pursued by a
crowd of boys who are seeking her life.
Girl Sent to Asylum.
Lun Toy. 707 Dupont street, treasurer, of
the Romle OH and Development -Com
pany, secured a warrant from Police
Judge FVitz yesterday for the arrest of
S. S. Simon, j known as the "cowboy de
tective," on a charge of obtaining: -money
by false pretenses. It is alleged that on
October 12 Simon went to Lun Toy and
informed him that the Salinas Oil Com
pany had agreed to mortgage to the Ro
mie Company • certain machinery for $300
and that he had been- authorized to
get the money. He was given the v$500
and Lun Toy alleges that Simon had no
authority to get , the money or to state
that the* machinery of the Salinas Com
pany .was to be mortgaged.
Police Want, Cowboy Detective.
A new form of entertainment, known
ns a combination and election prize social,
will be given at Social Hall. Alcaza^
building; next Friday night. The admis
sion is only 10 cents.
Will Give New Form of Social.
James Ganlck, 212% Perry street; wasi
struck in the eye by a bolt while engaged
In breaking up the steamer Progreso at
the foot of Hyde street yesterday after
noon. The sight of the eye was ruined.
The injured man was . treated at tthe
Emergency Hospital.
Loses Sight of One Eye.
At a meeting of the San Francisco Pro
tective Association, held yesterday at 214
California street, the following officers
were elected for the ensuing year:.J. T.
Hurley, president; Julius Berendsen. vica
president; Edm,und Lauterbach. secre
tary, and William C. Worken, treasurer..'
The association is composed of men who
are engaged in the retail liquor and gro*
eery trades.
Protective Association Meets.
VANCOUVER, . B.. , C, Oct 15.— The
Long-Herrera fight in the Savoy Theater
to-night ended in a draw after
rounds. Both men were. on' their": feet,
but both were tired. Despite the terrible
swings and upper cuts of Herrera, a
number of which, landed, Long was not
apparently bothered. " Herrera was sur
prised to find Long could stand any
amount of punishment he could admlnls-,
ter. ¦; In the fifteenth round there was all
kinds of mixing, - and the ; belfS barely
saved Herrera, ' . In'" the j seventeenth the
mill grew warm for Long, and the gong
saved him. Long came up strong- in the
eighteenth. He gathered, strength; aiid
in the last round made Herrera cover, up.
The .bout was the best- seen? here for
weeks* ", Betting was 2 to ,1 on Herrera,
Long's admirers backed him heavily.
Billy Lavlgne and Rufe Turner were in
Long's corner. Biddy Bishop and: Billy
Woods handled Herrera." Herrera'
claims to have a broken hand, sustained
in training recently. > -
Each Boxer Is Saved From a Knock
out by the Timely Sound of
the Gong.
LONG AND HERRERA FIGHT
> A TWENTY-ROUND DRAW
John Martinez > a recent arrival from
Mexico, was found yesterday, morning
suffocated in his -room at 705 Vail ejo
street. He engaged the room two days
ago and had purchased a passage ticket
for Hongkong, China, for 5100. A Jap
anese servant named Charley smelled es
caping Illuminating' gas in the hallway
in the vicinity of Martinez's room and in
formed Mrs. Armitage, the landlady.. At
her suggestion he climbed through the
transom and found tiie dead body of Mar
tinez lying on the floor near the door.
Two gas burners in the room were turned
fully on and from tnese the deadly fluid
was escaping. The knob of the door had
been pulled off from the inside by the
decedent, who was undressed and had evi
dently got out of bed in the attempt to
escape. It is believed that he blew out
the gas before retiring.
Recent Arrival From Mexico Suffo
cated in His Room Because of
His Ignorance.
JOHN MARTINEZ BLOWS
¦ OUT TWO GAS JETS
The i case against. Miles T. Baird, the
wealthy young man about town, charged
with discharging firearms within the city
limits, was called in Police Judge Fritz's
court yesterday. Baird was in court.
His attorney said that Baird had been in
a sanitarium since the last calling of the
case and was still a sick man. - It was
agreed that the trial should be held next
Monday. Baird was taken to the City
Prison and an additional charge of ma
licious mischief was booked against him.
the complaining witness being Charles
Newman of the Russ House. Baird tired
a bullet through the swinging door of the
Russ House bar on the night of Octo
ber 8. ..
Another Charge Against Baird.
Dr. Ellis was one of < the prominent fig
ures in Presbyterianlsm on the Pacific
Coast because of his position of pioneer
in the cause in Southern California years
ago and later as the head of an educa
tional Institution in this city. He relin
quished the pastorate of the First Presby
terian Church of Lincoln, Neb., to come
to California, and took up his first work
in this State at Chico, where he remained
three years. In 1877 he was selected by
the Presbyterion synod, of the Pacific
Coast to establish Presbyterianism in the
pioneer field of Southern California, his
first labors here, resulting in the founding
and building of ' the First Presbyterian
Church, on the corner of Broadway and
Second streets, this city. He was 61 years
old.
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 15.— The Rev. John
Wesley 'Ellis, D. D.,' founder of the First
Presbyterian Church of Los Angeles, the
first regular church, of that denomination
established in Southern California, was
found dead this morning in his apartments
at the Ammidon. Death* had overtaken
him as he eat in the bathroom. . »
Final Summons Conies Suddenly for
the Rev. John Wesley
PROMINENT PRESBYTERIAN
CLERGYMAN IS DEAD
OAKLAND, Oct. 15.— The following
marriage licenses were Issued by tha
County Clerk to-day: Charles P. Mason,
30, and Dela O'Connor, 22, both of Oak
land; Joseph R. Perry, 2S, and Annie E.
Correa, 21. both of San Leandro; Orland
McCool, 42, and Bertha M. Courtrtght. 23,
both of Oakland; Francisco Direnzo. 3s'
San Francisco, and Giovanni Ruggiera!
IS, Oakland; Marlon Winters, 36. and
Viola Thotnaa, 20, both of. San Mateo;
Jose R. Garcia, 43. Hollister, and Maria
Enos, 23, Haywards; Joseph D. Silva, 43,
Stockton, and Mary Neves, 23. Oakland.
Marriage Licenses.
¦ NEW YORK, Oct. 15.— The following
officers were chosen at the annual meet
ing of the American Asiatic Association
to-day: President, Silas D. Webb, New
York; vice presidents— Lowell Lincoln,
New York": John H. Converse, Philadel
phia; Everett N.. Bee, San Francisco: S.
G. Hopkins, Washington; John C Cleve
land, Spartanburg, S. C; E. C. Potter,
Chicago, and Ellison C. Smythe, Pelzer,
N. C. ; treasurer, James P. Fearon, New
York; secretary, John Foord, New York.
.'President Webb in . his- address called
attentioji to the completion of the Pa
cific cable and the -signing of the new
treaty, with China. Both events, he said,
would be of benefit to the country. In
connection with the Chinese situation, he
said that the attitude of the European
powers, Russia in particular, should be
at present a cause of much solicitude, and
he advised an emphatic expression of
views on this subject to the administra
tion. ; : ' V
The commercial situation, he thought,
was generally . disappointing, the political
uncertainty in Japan tending to make
merchants- and financial Interests cau
tious, while In China political confusion,
combined with the advance in silver, had
made mercantile ventures ; too much of a
lottery without , careful Investigation;
. The report of the secretary ,'John Foord,
also laid emphasis on - the Manchurlan
situation,*, he declaring that, In defiance
of. agreement, the. foreign administration
of the jjort of Newchwang, with all its
Injurious , consequences to ..American trade
and Cthe occupation by Russia of I the
eastern provinces, was still in force. \
."The nature of the demands formulated
as' conditions -precedent to* withdrawal,"
the' report | went on to say, "suggests that
they nave been purposely made Impossible
of, acceptance in order to justify a" con
tinued occupation." Foord continued: '
; The time has evidently come for the Govern
ment and people of the : United States to rec
ognize and accept I the full measure of ! their
responsibility in dealing with - this question.
.That the substitution of Russian for Chinese
sovereignty in Manchuria simply means the
beginning of the partition of the Chinese Em
pire does not admit of doubt; that the United
States has nothing to gain, but very much to
lose, from .. the division of China among- tha
great j powers of Europe needs no demonstra
tion. • The question immediately before our
Government . is the preservation of an : op«n
market . ,f or American ¦ products ¦ in Manchuria
and.it ha3 been Intimated that so long as our
commercial •• rights there. . secured' by, ' treaty
with \ China, ' are ' respected by the power In
possession,, we can 1 have no ground < for ef
fective protest. But the Manchurian market,
existing or potential, important as it Is, must
be reckoned as constituting but a mere part of
the field for the sale of our products presented
by the Chinese Kmplre. : If tha future 1 of the
greater . market ¦ depends absolutely,", as .your
committee. believes it does, on the .process of
dismemberment ; of ' that empire, being . peremp
torily • arrested and Russia' belns^ compelled to
abide by the solemn stipulations on this point,'
which ¦; she . has nowhere made so copiously as
in ; Washington; . then our. : Government < Is face
to face with a larger and graver question tha/i
that of 'the security of the open door for com
merce in" Manchuria. * " ¦.
AMERICAN TRADE IMPERILED.
Asiatic Association Officers Denounce
Russian Aggression. -
PHOENIX. Ariz., Oct. 15.— Phoenix cele
brated," with all' enthusiasm^ to-night the
letting of contracts, for the construction
for the first works for the great. Tonto
Basin dam, that is to transform the 'Salt
River Valley into a modern Eden.,- Brass
bands, fireworks, an .impromptu proces
sion and speeches and much noise .were
features of the evening's celebration. ,
Governor Brodie made the principal ad
dress of the evening. He gave credit to
the men who had so shaped legislation,
that here could be established an inland
empire .through irrigation. Other speak-,
ers were Georg» H. Maxwell, chairman of
the Irrigation Association, and B. A.
Powler, president of the local association.'
The letting of the contracts is construed
as a full official notification that -the
United States has formally entered upon
the construction of the dam. The works
will cost not Ies3 than ¦, $3,000,000, and will
serve to irrigate about 250,000 acres In the
vicinity of Phoenfx. ¦ - At the present time
not over 125,000 acres are cultivated.
Certainty of the / Construction of
Tonto Basin Dam Causes ,
Rejoicing.
PHOENIX CELEBRATES
• LETTING OF CONTRACTS
The stake at Ingleside Coursing Park
this week attracted an entry of 112 grey
hounds. The first brace of dogs will go
to the slips to-morrow at 11:30 o'clock.
The draw last night resulted as follows:
Open stake. 112 entries — Queen's Motto vi.
Cloverdale. Bonnie Hughle vt. Otto, Donney
brook vs. Tobasco Bob. Klttleman vs. Yukon,
Half Moon vs. False Alarm, Little Mercy vs.
Vagrant, Boots ve. Lazy Bob, Duhallow vs.
SUevenamon, Yellowtail vs. Lily Wright,
Rose Tree vs. Rock and Rye, Pregresso vs. So
fala. Go On vs. Van Alba. J. E. H. ys. Tyrone
I'rlnce. Wedgewood vs. Menlo Prince. Onward
Maud vs. Ragtime, Luxury vs. Flora Temple.
Braw'a Hill vs.' Fair Glen. Piker vs. Frank
Dunn,"GolJ Lily vs. Mi«s Shirley, Belfast vs.
Lady Menlo, Finoola vs. Clobefell, Haddlngton
vs. Tom Hurllck. Honor Bright vs. October
Lad, Concord Boy vs. White Stockings, Homer
Boy vs. Maid of the Glen. Dorothy M vs.* Al
den Girl. Ulenri vs. Our Myra. Young Buck vs.
Doreen. 'Tom Sayers vs. Crockett Boy, Runa
way Girl vs J. C. Heenan. Lord Granard vs.
Orsina, Van Nora vs. Rockefeller. Rich Argosy
vs. Prometheus. King Death vs. St. Louis Boy.
Advance Guard vs. Equator, Algy McDonald j
vs. Reta S. Co»>€tte vs. Intruder, Shadow vb.
Bella Lloyd, Mountain Poet vs. Pepper Jack,
Meddlesome vs. White Mystery, Cascade vs.
Hecppr. Mike Rice vs. Yankee Boy. Cremo \-s.
Linda Vista. Roy Hughle vs. Little Lucy, Jim
mie Anthony vs. Wild Wave, Royal Friend vs.
Beauty Gold, Topsy Turvy vs. Our Motto,
Chuchu vs. Redwood Lad, Irvington Tralee vs.
Lulu Girl. Commercial Traveler vs. Little
Plunger, Odd Eyes vs. Medley, Mount Ida vs.
Flora Belle, Morning Glory vs. Black Flush,
Morello vs. Firm Fellow, Ploughman vs. Pure
Pearl, White Buck vs. Daylight.
Well Matched Dogs Entered for This
Week's Running at Ingleside
Park. i
ONE HUNDRED AND TWELVE
GREYHOUNDS TO COURSE
, Grieg — Die Prlnzessln, op. 41, No. 5; Sle
1st »o welss, op. 41, No. 4; Holberg Suite, op.
40 (praeludlum, saraband*, gavotte, aria, rig
audon); Norwegian Dance, op. 35, No. 2; An
den Lenz, op. 41, No. 6; Norwegian Dance,
op. 35. No. L
TachaUtowsky — Nocturne, op. 10. No. 1;
Chant sans Parole* , op. 2, No. 3; Scherzo a la
Russe, op. 1, No. 1; Impromptu, op. 1. No. 2;
Romance, op. 5; Valse Caorlce. opt 4.
Carrie Sheuerman, a 13-year-old pupil
of Hugo Mansfeldt, performed on the
piano Wednesday evening in the Maple
room of the Palace Hotel lrv a manner
little short ot phenomenal.
The recital consisted of the most diffi
cult compositions of Grieg and Tschal
kowsky, twelve in all, five of which were
played for the first time In San Francisco
by any pianist, amateur or professional.
Little Miss Sheuerman has studied on
the piano for only four years, the first
two of which were spent under a' pupil
of Professor Mansfeldt and the last two
under Mansfeldt himself.
The first number was Grieg's "Die Prin
zessln," and it was in that number that
the child displayed . her wonderful tech
nique and expression. The terrific chords
and runs that would fairly stagger the
average pianist eeemed play to the girl,
which gazed calmly through the audience,
bowing to her friends. ..:.._. , .
The recital was an invitational affair
given by Professor. Mansfeldt and about
400 people were present. At the conclu
sion of the fourth number the girl was
literally stormed with flowers and con
gratulations. Last night was the first
time that Carrie Sheuerman ever played
before a large audience, but In this per
formance she has certainly done credit to
her instructor.
The programme was as follows: ?•
Carrie Sheuerman, Thirteen Years of
Age, Gives Remarkable Recital
at the Palace Hotel.
CHILD PLAYS DIFFICULT
COMPOSITIONS ON PIANO
Mr. Brousseau was born in New Tork
in 1834 and had resided in California since
1877. Prior to locating in Los Angeles he
had been City Attorney of Saglnaw,
Mich., and also held various offices in
Chicago. In Los Angeles he formed a
law partnership with the late General "Vol
ney Howard and took high rank in his
profession. At one time he had. probably
as lucrative a practice as any lawyer in
Los Angeles County. He was president
of the Board of Education about fifteen
years ago and at one time received the
Democratic nomination for Superior
Judge, running far ahead of his ticket,
but failing of election, ..on, account of the
overwhelming normal Republican ma
jority., - . •'
No citizen of Los Angeles had a bet
ter reputation for integrity andgood citi
zenship than Brousseau. Both as a law
yer and a citizen he commanded the j re
spect of all who knew him, and he was
greatly loved by his friends and t Inti
mate associates. He was a member of
the Chamber of Commerce, the Masonic
fraternity 'and many: other organizations,
but was, most of all devoted to'hls home.
He leaves four children— Miss ; Kate, an
accomplished French scholar and member
of the faculty of the Los Angeles State
Normal School: Miss Mabel and two sons,
Edward and Roy. • ' * - .'¦'-..
' LOS ANGELES. Oct. 15.— Julius Brous
seau, for many years one of the most
prominent members of the bar in South
ern California, died to-night.
Julius Brousseau, Well-Known' Mem
ber of the Los Angeles Bar,
Passes . Away.
NOTED LAWYER DIES
IN SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA
PORTLAND," Or, Oct. 15.— P. J. Tormey,
a member of the Owl Drug Company of
San Francisco and a whist player of such
reputation that he is known all over the
United ; States, lies at the SL Vincent's
Hospital in this city dying of paralysis.
No hope Is held out for his' recovery by
Dr. A. L. Rockey.one of the most prom
inent physicians In -the city. His wife
has been • communicated with and is ex
pected to arrive morning
from San Francisco. ¦ ', •' • . '
At midnight Tormey was still In the un
conscious condition in which he has lain
since attacked yesterday. So near dead
is he that" It was some time after he
was attacked that it was discovered
his heart was faintly beating. He is be
ing cared for «. with all the physician's
skill, but his death is but a matter of a
day or two, according to the report made
by the hospital at midnight. Portland
whist players say that Tormey has played
champion whiat for years and that, he
has engaged In important tournaments all
over the country. .
"Well-Known San Franciscan Cannot
' Recover From the Stroke of
Paralysis.
P. J. TORMEY'S DEATH
EXPECTED BY DOCTORS
The Seattle police have been informed
of the robbery and are working on the
case. Nothing in the reports gives the
slightest clew to the identity of the rob
bers. ,. .
Hunter is In the employ of the Northern
Lighterage Company. The robbery was
committed by two men, both masked and
both heavily armed. In their hurry the
robbers overlooked 400 ounces of gold laid
away in different parts of the cabin.
On Ophir Creek other robberies are re
ported, among them being a theft of 11000
from Peter Kalfe, who owns a lay oh
Opbir, and several thefts of gold dust
from sluice boxes. The thieves are
thought to have come south on the Ore
gon.
SEATTLE. Wash., Oct. 15.— News is
brought by the steamer Valencia Afrom
Nome to-day of one of the boldest hold
ups in the history of mining in. Alaska.
On September 30 at Ophir Creek R. D.
Hunter was relieved of more than $7000,
part of it In money and the remainder in
gold dust.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The Russian forces at Newchwang
have , been reinforced by two battalions.
Official advices from Japan and China
show that the negotiations between Rus
sian Minister. Baron de Rosen and the
Foreign Office continue, but their" status
is not disclosed.
In the meantime the officials here have
beqn informed of 'the progress of the com
mercial-treaty between China and Japan,
which • may f have an important " bearing
on ,the Russian- Japanese situation. . The
treaty Opens Mukden, the capital of Man
churia, and one other point to Japanese
commerce. China's opening of the Man
churian , country to Japan while Russia
has not yet evacuated Manchuria Is con
sidered significant and as likely to amel
iorate the difficulties.
: .YOKOHAMA, Oct 15.-M. Lessar, the
Russian Minister to China, has informed
Prince Chlng, head of the Chinese For
eign Office, that if China rejects the de
mands of Russia the occupation of Man
churia by the Russian troops will be per
manent. /
• 'It -is, however, says the correspondent,
understood / that neither, Russia nor.
Japan considers her military preparations
complete.
' The Kobe correspondent of the Daily
Mail telegraphs under date of October 15
that it is " reported that Russia has of
fered to relinquish" her claims In Korea,
but insists upon retaining Manchuria. It
is stated that Japan has refused to accede
to this proposition. ' :
PARIS, Oct. 15.— Official dispatches from
St. Petersburg say the Russian Ministers
.of "War. and' Marine have announced that,
while not wishing to make any move
likely to precipitate hostilities In the Far
East, both ' departments of the Govern
ment wish to have it known that they are 1
completely prepared to meet any even
tuality. . •
LONDON; Oct. 16.— The: Berlin corre
spondent of the Times says the Czar Is
reported to have sent the following tele
gram to ' Admiral Alexleff, Russian Vice
roy in the Far East at Port Arthur:
"I give you full power to maintain, If
necessary, Russia's prestige by force bf
arms." >¦ * - '¦
Four Hundred Ounces of Gold Over
looked by the Outlaws in Their
Haste to Leave Dangerous
Territory. t
St. Petersburg: Government Declares
Itself in Readiness to'
. Meet Any Event
. Vuality^ i- v v; : ;
Boldest Hold-Up in the His
tory of Crime in
the North.
Viceroy Shall Use . Force, if
Necessary, in Carrying
Out Commands.
The second Cottlow concert was given
last evening, in Lyric Hall, with Miss
Cottlow as the sole attraction. The per
formance, like the first, was a complete
artistic triumph. The audience was ap
preciative, was held In the closest atten
tion and refused to -be satisfied at the
final number, the great . Schubert-Tausig
"Marche MUltalre," but "demanded as an
encore the "Waldesrauscnen," by Ll3zt.
The great versatility of Miss Cottlow is
shown in the variety of composers played.
From the -first Mozart "Rondo," a pure,
old melody, almost pastoral in simplicity,
through the "Thirty-two Variations" of
Beethoven in C minor, the "Paplllons" of
Schumann, three Chopin numbers, a Mac-
Dowell "Polonaise" and an "Idyl" and a
"Scherxo" by Samuel Bolllnger, to the
Schubert-Tausig "March Militalre" there
was a superb reading that was a Btudy
In tone production. WJth a touch like* a
breath or a bravura more- than dramatic,
the whole artistic gamut was played
upon. The staccato is delicate and the
legato at times seems welded into a solid
tonal mass. In the Beethoven "Varia
tions" there was a beautiful rendition of
the noble measures.
After the Chopin numbers for an encore
Miss Cottlow gave a Chopin "Nocturne"
In F major. The "Idyl" in C major and
"Scherzo" in B minor by Bolllnger, a
local composer, were very acceptable. The
"Scherzo" was bright and limpid and
showed continuity of style and musical
reason and was well received.
Miss Cottlow plays at the Unitarian
church in Oakland to-morrow night and
Saturday afternoon again in this ; city. At
the matinee she will be assisted by
Natorp Blumenfeld, violinist. The pro
gramme will be as follows:
"Kreutxer Sonata" fEeethoven) violin
Piano soli — Intermezzo. A flat major, Op. "
76; rhapsodic. B minor. Op. 79. ... .Brahms
"Berceuse," Op. 57; polonaise, F sharp
minor. Op. 44 Chopin
Etude G minor. Op. ".... .Zarembski
*"I>er Lindenbaurn," "Marcbe Erolca"
Schubert-Liszt
Violin numbers — •
Romanze from second concerto.... "Wleniawski
Mazourka Zarzycki
Am Meer Schubert- Wilhelmj
Zigeunerweisen Sarasate
Following are the General Conference
committees appointed this morning:
¦ Public worship— Rev. J. E Moore Rev 3.
C. Woot«n and George W. Shreve. Memoirs —
Rev. J. C. Simmon*. Rev. J. J. N. Kenney an<J
Rev. R. F. Allen. District conference records —
Rev. O. H. Frazer. Rev. Joel Hedgepefh and
H. H. Alpta. Conference relations — Rev 31.
M. Armstrong. Rev. \V. p. Andrews, Rev' W.
E. Phillip*. Rev. P. F. Page. Rev. R F. Al
len and Rev. "\V. A. Booher. State of tha work
—Rev. Jesse "Wood. Rev. J. W. Brown Rev.
J. W. Horn, Rev. A. Odom, Rev. J. L. Jones
and- Rev. Claude Thompson. Sabbath and
temperance— Rev. J. C. Wooten Rev C C
Black. Rev. C. P. Noble. J. D. Wagoner Rev
T. Thomas and II. C. SUles. Books and pe
riodicals—R«v. H. M. McKnight. G W
Shreve. Rev. J. C. Robertson, jr. P. Strother"
Rev. F. A. Lark and Rev. J. O. CoCage
PREACHING SERVICE.
A preaching service was conducted this
evening by the Rev. J. C. Simmons, who
has beensan active worker In the ministry
for more than fifty years. The next ses
sion of the conference will open to-mor
row morning at 9 a. m.
Rev. C. F. Reid, a missionary from
China and Korea, delivered a short ad
dress on' missionary work In the Far
East. J The committee in charge of tha
movement to "secure an endowment funcf
of $5,000)000 for superannuated ministers
reported progress.
The Investigating committee In the cas«
of Mr. Kenney has not yet been appointed,
but it will probably be announced at tha
morning 1 session to-morrow.
Rev. William Acton was electad secre
tary of the conference and - Rev. R. L.
Webb, -Rev. L. P. Shearer, R«v. G.' II.
Frazer and Rev. J. D. F. Houck were
elected statistical secretaries. Reporta
from the general boards of church ex
tension work and 8unday-school3 and
from the publishing house at Nashville.
Tenn.. were read, showing a gratifying
increase In the work of the church and
Sunday-schools.
The Rpv. J. C. Slmrilona was restored
to the active relation and the names of
the Rev. W. J. Mahon. Rev. L. Th Hargia,
Rev. A. L. Hunsaker, Rev. A. F. Lee.
Rev. J. C. Hyden and Rev. W. H. Kin
caid were referred to the committee of
the superannuated relation.
INVESTIGATING COMMITTEE.
The actual work of the fifty-third an
nual"Facific Conference of the Methodist
Episcopal Church (South) was begun by
Bishop H. C. Morrison of Nashville.
Tenn., at 9 o'clock this morning after a
short praise service.
The first action in what may bring
forth sensational developments was taken
when the character of J. J. N. Kenney,
who was chairman of the committee
which Investigated the charges against
the Rev, E. J. Harper, former pastor of
the Centenary Church of San Francisco,
was called into question. Kenney was
charged with making public the facts
brought out In the Investigation of Har
per in order to answer the statements of
Harper's friends. If the accused Is
brought to trial before the conference it
may result In the reopening of the en
tire case, as it is understood that an ef
fort-will be made by friends of Harper
to have his credentials restored, and if
this is done it will result in a protracted
debate. /
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
HIS Broadway. Oct. 15.
The Minor ranch is situated near the
border of "Contra Costa County, fourteen
miles from Oakland. AH the machinery
of the company, including a huge derrick,
was destroyed by the flames. The dam
age will probably amount to several thou
sand dollars. ¦
A concern known as the American Oil
and Refining . Company has been boring
for the fluid for the last four years and
the task was about to be given up as a
hopeless one. ¦-¦ Last night, shortly after
7 o'clock, as the men were taking out the
drills preparatory to quitting their day's
toil, a stream of oil shot -up into the air.
The flow cams so suddenly that the
workers were astounded. They stood
staring at the amazing spectacle for sev
eral seconds. Before they realized "what
had happened a huge flame arose high
In the air and the oil that had started to
run along the ground also took fire.
The frightened workmen at once fled
from the spot and Just in time to es
cape an awful death or fearful injury.
The huge sheet of flame could plainly be
seen for miles and soon the spot where
the oil was struck became the gathering
place for scores of persons in the vldn
itv. .
Oil that has been sought for by an en
{erpr||ing company for years was dis
covered : . last night ' on the • Minor, ranch,
in Contra £ Costa County,- and as
the murky fluid shot •' up Into the
air it suddenly became ignited. The col
umn of fire could be seen for miles 'and
presented ' a magnificent sight. Many
workmen In the vicinity had barely time
to escape with their lives and much ma
chinery was , entirely destroyed by the
flames. The oil became ignited by several
lanterns that hung on a derrick at the
side . of the well. '
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
111S Broadway, Oct. 15.
SOFIA, Bulgaria, Oct IB. — The Bul
garian frontier , has again been crossed
by Turkish 1 troops, at Demlr-Kapu, near
Samakova. "The, Turks were pursuing a
band of insurgents and followed them
three miles into Bulgaria, A number of
shots were exchanged, but the Turkish
soldiers finally j retired without coming
into contact with Bulgarian troops. .
Such | incidents arouse less attention
now, owing to the absorbing interest
taken in the Bulgarian elections. .The
four "opposition 'parties have . fused
against the government, but the success
of the latter Is assured.
A large insurgent r band waa dispersed
on October 13 near Marhovu, after eight
hours' skirmishing.: The Turks lost sixty
killed and wounded, while the losses of
the insurgents reached two hundred.,
- Circumstantial reporta have been ' re
ceived here that Boris Saraf af oft was
killed on October 12 In a skirmish at
Pruva, near Fiorina.
SALOXICA, European Turkey, Oct. 15.—
The military operations In Macedonia
are slackening, although ; there • are occa
sional reporta of . fighting . at various
points. Instructions have . been received
to cease making Salonlca the base of oper
ations against . the Insurgents, and the
orders to . send more Anatolian troops to
Salonica have ."been countermanded. **;
After resolving to hold the next con
vention at Petaluma next October, the
session adjourned.
During the drill the ladies, for the first
time on the coast, performed the "beauti
fied ceremony" as done frequently in the
East. They were handsomely costumed
and four of their number carried beau
tiful banners bearing the words "Faith,
Hope and Charity."
The oldest members of the Grand Lodge
admitted that they had never witnessed
a more impressive or well conceived drill
and the lodge tendered Crowhurst and the
young ladies a hearty vote of thanks and
appreciation. The ladies who composed
the team were:
Chief ternr-lar, Mrs. S. K. Ray; past chief
templar. Miss Eunice Anderson; vice templar,
Mies Jessie Clayton; cha: lain. Mrs. Laura
Gsborn; iruard, Mrs. Effle Longbrldee; Benti
n.-l. Miss Eva Hartley; marshal. Miss Laura
Clayton; deputy marshal. Miss Ethel McKen
zie; pianirt. Miss Ruth Marquis; recording sec
retary; Mrs. Hattle EcceUton; finance sec
retary. Miss Ida Simpson; assistant secretary.
Miss Lily Wuelzer; treasurer. Miss Celestlne
Disney; lodge deouty. Miss Maud Nelson; su
perintendent juvenile . temole. Miss Blanche
Stone; right suDDOrter, Mrs. Geonre Wlllard;
left supporter, Mrs. Eva Hartley*' first banner
bearer. Miss Panry Stocking ; second banner
bearer, Mits Mary Stocking; third banner
bearer. Miss " Leona Osborn; fourth banner
bearer. Miss Grace Co-wen. - .
A very important decision was arrived
at by the members in session when it was
resolved that county lodges may have
& legal existence and that the degree 'of
fidelity shall be the county lodge degree,
end that subordinate lodges may also be
members of the district lodge and may
confer the district degree.
The installation of officers was impos
ing and was performed by ex-Judge Rob
ert Thompson, past grand chief templar,
assisted by George D. Kellog, grand mar
shal, and Mies Kate B. Simmons, grand
deputy marshal.
The evening session was one that will
b« remembered for the hearty response
of members and the delegates to the in
vitation to witness the drill by Oakland
Drill Team No. 3C2, which had been spe
cially arranged by WHlilam Crowhurst.
The evolutions of the drill were perform
ed with rare spirit and ringing cheers re
warded the fair young women who took
part.
BEAUTIFIED CEREMONY.
Theodore D. Kanouse of Glendale. Cal..
pxand chief lomplar; W. T. Xetherton of San
Krancisoo, Brand counselor; Miss F. K. Bate
man of Pan Franrifco, grand vice templar; F.
A. Anthony of Livermore. grand- necrvtary ;
Volney 11. Taylor of Oakland, grand treasurer;
Miss Mabel I'almer of Berkeley, grand assist
ant secretary; A. E. Banta of San Jose, grand
marshal; Miss Alfreda Cuphman of Pino. Pla
cer County, erand tle'ruty marshal; O. A.
Bowen of Fresno, BTand iruard: C Offet of
Petaluma, grind sentin<*l, aod L Saulter of
Vallejo. grand mefsengir; trustee* — F. II. Taff,
V. X. Hull and the llev. J. \V. Webb.
The election of grand officers resulted^
as follows: * - I
NEW OFFICERS ELECTED.
So humiliated were the members that
every effort was put forward to smooth
over the matter and efforts were made
to deny that the presence of a policeman
on the threshold cf the lodgeroom was
necessary. Brother Andrew Johnston
even declared that the policeman , had
been called by error, though he admitted
that there had been a keen difference be
tween himself and Brother William Crow
hurst as to the lattcr's intention to show
his etereosticon views, as had been ar
ranged by the subcommittee appointed
for the purpose of creating the amuse
ment for the Juvenile Band of llope.
The Grand Lodge in session passed a
resolution on the matter which con
cluded with the following:
"If any individuals debated their dif
ference of opinion while the Grand Lodge
was not in session It cannot be charged
to the body itself."
The unpleasant 'proceedings which oc
curred during the interval of the session
the previous evening between Brother
Johnston and Brother Crowhurst caused
a feeling of regret that the sedate delib
erations of several days should have been
marred by anything that Favored of ill
will or Intemperate argument or oppo
sition.
The Independent Order of Good Tem
plars' Grand Lodge held its last meeting
of the_ present convention yesterday at
102 O'Farrell street, beginning at early
morning and terminating at 11 o'clock
at night. i ' •
Workmen Run for Their Lives
as Lanterns Ignite Es
caping Fluid.
Audience Listens Raptly and
Cheers Performer
Heartily.
Seven Thousand Dollars
Taken From Alaska
Cabin.
Sultan's Soldiers Again In
vade the Territory of
Bulgaria.
Drill of Ladies Completes
Prc gramme of the
Convention.
Actual Work of Conference
of South Church Is
Gives Him Full Power
to Maintain Russian ,
; Prestige.
Good Templars Desire to
Smooth Troubled
After Years of Drilling
Oil Spouts From
Great Depth.
Two Hundred lMacedo
nians Pall in the "
Conflict. •
Second Effort Results
in Another Full
Charges Against Kenney
May Cause It to Be
Reopened
PEACE FOLLOWS
WARM DISPUTE
CZAR SENDS
G RIM ORDER
TO ALEXIEFF
MASKED MEN
ROB A MINER
OF FORTUNE
MISS COTTLOW
SCORES AGAIN
TURKS DISPERSE
INSURGENT BAND
FLAMING GUSHER
BURNS DERRICK
HARPER'S CASE
TO THE FRONT
THE SAK FRAKC1SCO CALL, FKIDAT.; OCTOBER 16, ,1903.
.-; ARMENTIERES, } France, ; Oct. \ 15.^ r The
prefect -, has ,' declared "Armentiersl to I be* In
a- itate'of* siege/as 'a result of the "rioting
by striking linen weavers^.?, v. :-'j. -:;< : , :- ¦
Armentieres in a£State Vof Siege.
PROVIDENCE. R. I., Oct. . 15.— Peter Ouleo
slan, an -Armenian,'-- ..treasurer.; of <s '/society
which alms to establish an Armenian' society
inthis city, was found: dead 1 to-day in a barn
and '. $500 belonging to i the : society is missing.
His body bora mark* which Indicate foul play.
¦S '-. k'i ..'... •¦¦¦',. . . ¦¦> Thursday,, dctober. 15.v'
• Stmr t Gipsy, ;• Iceland, . 24 '*. hours from .'• Moss
Landing and, way. ports." t i. •;.:%?...,-:. _ ;
'.'•! f £-.' •¦ : - '. •' ' % ' ••" SAILED. .. ':. ': :. : -'>' ;¦.-*<. X
. . .^vJ.TburBday, October 15.- '
'Bum Scotia, Erlctson, Boweus I*adiug.
Late ' Shippin g Int elll g-ence.
ARRIVED.
Pasquale .La Rouk, a . fisherman, was
arrested at Fisherman's wharf early yes
terday .morning; by Policemen'" Morton"
and Evatt on a 'charge of • ha vine .under
sized bass in his possession. 1 "/ He appeared
before ; Police Judge: Mogan" yesterday,
was convicted and ordered 'to pay.: a- flne
bf . 120 with ; the ! alternative - of r serving
twenty -days in the County JaiL : " : -^:
Fisherman Is Fined.
ETNA, ; Pa., Oct. 15.— The Isabella/ blast
furnace at Etna ; wag .closed f to-nightiin-:
definitely, . throwing | about ' 600 men but "of
work. 1 " The order came from United States
Steel Corporatlonr division ; headquarters.'
Isabella Steel; Plant Shuts Downl
4
Open Sores
can be cleaned out, the suppura-
tion stopped, and a cure effected I
by the use of
Only .morbid matteris destroyed
by this marvelous germicide, which
allows Nature to. build up healthy
tissue. %
• Absolutely harmless. ' ." -"'-:- '
Used ana indorsed by leading
physicians everywhere.'"
When not at your druggist's, sent
prepaid on receipt of postal note
tor 25 cents for trial bottle.
The f Mjoiii* «_ f
tannj tun /if) _fl if ' I L
01.0 Prince Street, New York.
ritCE-TtluUi BMUtt m U«> U 1 rnt UImum.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVEBTIS'ErMT.TJTS.
m *** 2
fewSH Glass *"-"u 'ri T3
V
€|||^ Natural ==§ j
kSg Laxative -'' jftk |
v* tilCX M^^B ' flFRESNO, Oct. 15.— George Donleavy, a
young man who arrived in this city last
June from the Philippines, committed sui
cide last night at the home of his aunt,
Mrs. Mary Donloavy, on Olive avenue,
Bloomlngton Heights Addition. The cause
for his act is unknown. He had no trou
bles, was not a drinking man and has
not been despondent. It is thought he
¦was somewhat unbalanced mentally from
a fall from a wagon about six weeks ago.
Young Han Ends His Life.
Job says it is not the desire of the
members of the Chicago Employers' As
sociation to use the statistics for the pur
pose of saying to the employes, "This
shows you the increased cost of living
and we will not advance wages to any
greater extent." On the contrary, . he
claims that the employers have been
more than liberal and have voluntarily
CHICAGO, Oct. 15.— Statistics covering
the cost of living of workingmen in Chi
cago for a period of five years, extending
from 1898 to 1903, were made public to-day
by Secretary F. W. Job of the Chicago
Employers' Association. They are de
signed to' show that the assertions of the
labor organization that the cost of living
has advanced from 25 to 40 per cent in
the given period are not based on facts.
According to the figures submitted by
Secretary Job, the average increase in
the cost of living in Chicago for five
years is 11.3 per cent.
In Chicago It Averaged 11.3 Per
Cent in Five Years.
INCREASED COST OF LIVING.
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 15.— A strike was de
clared soon after 6 o'clock this evening
by the Pacific Express messengers in St.
Louis. Last Tuesday the members of the
local" Brotherhood of Railway Express
men submitted a demand for an increase
of 10 per cent ln wages. They stopped
work and then returned on the assurance
of General Superintendent F. E. Guetsch
that their demands would be considered.
An answer was promised them to-day and
the expressmen decided to continue work
until to-night pending the answer. -
The demand was considered to-day and
notification was, sent the express messen
gers that the Increase could not be grant
ed. The walkout to-night resulted.
WICHITA, Kans.. Oct. 15.— The Pacific
Express employes in this city struck to
night. They demand the same wages as
Wells-Fargo and the Adams < Express
Company employes get.
KANSAS CITY, Oct. 15.— The employes
of the Pacific Express. Company in this
city went on strike to-night for increased
wages. Ninety men are involved.
SALT LAKE. Utah, Oct. 15.— J. W. Rog
ers, superintendent of the Pacific Express
Company, whose district extends from
Salt Lake to ; Portland, to-night stated
there wcrtild be no messengers' strike; on
his division.
Employes of the Pacific Company De
mand Higher Wages.
EXPRESSMEN ON STRIKE.
Your Opportunity.
Men's all-wool $10 and $12 suits for $6.95
at Herman I-esser's, 915 Market street,
opposite Mason. •
The special trains left for New York to
night.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 15.— A Baltimore
and Ohio train having on board about 300
of the Dowle restoration host on their
¦way from Chicago to New York arrived
here at midnight. After a stopover of an
hour, which was devoted Jo sightseeing,
the party left for New York. Another
train carrying about 250 ffowleltea arrived
on the Pennsylvania Railroad in the aft
ernoon. The visitors spent the time here
sightseeing and late to-night left for
New York. ' ' ''.'.
PALO ALTO, Oct. 15.— An unknown man
was run over and killed by a train be
tween Palo Alto and Mcnlo Park late last
night. The body of the man was found
by two Stanford students, who
were returing from Mcnlo Park,
after midnight. The man was prob
ably under the Influence of liquor
when thc accident occurred, as a bottle of
whisky was found in one of his pockets.
In addition $4 25, a gold watch and chain
and some papers were found on his per
son, but there was nothing by which his
Identity might be ascertained.
The body was lying between the rails,
with the head severed and one shoulder
horribly mangled. The man was appar
ently about 30 years of age, with sandy
complexion and was evidently a work-
Ingman. ¦
Mangled Remains of an Unknown
Man Discovered Near Palo
Alto.
STUDENTS FIND BODY
ON A RAILROAD TRACK
granted increases In wages to their em
ployes, to far more than offset the In
crease In the cost of living.
New train for Los Gatos rnakins all stops
will leave San Francisco 4:45 p. m., and Los
Gates 7:15 a. m., Sundays excepted.- •
3:30 v. m. trafvwlll run to San Jose only;
3 i>. m. to Del Monte daily. Sunset Limited
will leave at 6 p. m.
Beginning Sunday, Oct. 18th, will be dis
continued trains leaving San Francisco 2 i>. m.,
4:30 p. m., 5 p. m. and 8 p. m. Leaving San
Jose 8 a. m. and Wrights 6:40 a. • m. Also
Sunday excursions to Monterey and Santa
Cruz.
Change in Coast Line Trains.
The members of the executive commit
tee of the union will have a conference
with Charles MacNcill, president of the
United States Reduction and Refining
Company, cither on Monday or Tuesday.
The conference has been arranged by a
number of leading mine owners in Colo
rado Springs and it is thought will re
sult in the settlement of all difficulties at
the mills of the United States Company.
The union officials seem confident that if a
settlement is made with MacNeill all
troubles will be ended in the Cripple
Creek district. ¦-:':\h
CRIPPLE CREEK, Colo., Oct. 15.—
President Moycr of the Western Federa
tion of Miners, who has been In confer
ence with mine owners and union lead
ers in this district, said' that James F.
Burns, president of the J'ortlanu Mining
Company, which is employing union
miners, had offered his services as media
tor between the strikers and the Mine
Owners' Association.
Cripple Creek Miners May Submit
Tneir Grievances to Arbitrator.
CONFERENCE IS ARRANGED.
BUFFALO, Oct. 15.— Seven trainloads of
John Alexander Dowie's restoration host,
bound for New York, arrived here to-day
and after spending a few hours at Niagara
Falls resumed their pilgrimage to New
York. Six of the trains carried 2000 Zion
ists and the seventh was the prophet's
special train. Each of the six trains was
in charge of forty Zionist City Guards. It
had been announced that Dowle would
hold a meeting in Prospect Park upon his
arrival at the Falls. Several local preach
ers called upon Assistant Superintendent
Perry and lodged a protest against the
use of the public park for missionary
work by the Zionists. When Dowie's lieu
tenants asked for permission to erect a
stand their request was refused. Dowie
when informed sent them back with a
message for the assistant superintendent
stating that he had no intention to vio
late the law, and that he merely wished
to hold a short song and prayer service
in the park and, incidentally, have the
meeting photographed. Superintendent
Perry granted the permit to that extent.
WASHINGTON, Oct. .15.— The Society
of the Army of the Tennessee has elected
the following: officers: President, General
Grenville M. Dodge, New York; corre
sponding secretary, G*eneral A. Hlckel
oper; recording secretary. Colonel Cornel
ius Cable: treasurer. Major August M.
Van Dyke.
General Dodge Is Elected President.
PARIS, Oct. 15.— The Matin has reason
to believe that the Anglo-French arbitra
tion treaty is merely the ilrst step toward
a general settlement of all possible differ
ences between France and Great Britain,
and the negotiations touching the other
points will continue until all the difficul
ties likely to divide the two countries
have been settled.
Will Settle All Differences.
Hold a Brief Song a,nd
Prayer Service in
ZIONISTS VISIT
NIAGARA FALLS
WASHINGTON, Oct. 15.— Postoffices es
tablished: Oregon— Tumwalt. Wallowa
County, Josie I. Tumwalt, postmaster.
"Washington— Gerome, Stevens County,
William W. King, postmaster. Postoffice
discontinued: Oregon— Wesley, Benton
County, mail goes to Philomath. Post
master commissioned: California—Sam
uel G. Watts, East Auburn. Fourth-class
postmaster appointed: Washington— W.
C. Fletcher, Wabash, King County, vice
J. C. Earley, resigned.
Changes in the Postal Service.
NAPA, Oct. 15.— Louis Wende, a young
man employed at the California market,
on Main street, met with a painful acci
dent to-day. He was feeding meat Into a
sausage machine which is run by an elec
tric motor, and squeezed it down Into the
hopper with his hand instead of the in
strument used for that purpose. The re
volving steel suddenly caught the fingers
and mangled them in a fearful manner.
He was hastily taken to a physician's
office, where an operation was performed.
Three fingers were amputated.
Sausage Machine Crushes Fingers.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 15.— City Jailer W. H.
Brnv.-n was this evening dismissed from
•jfiW by the Police and Fire Commission.
No rea.son was given for the dismissal.
IJ«--rman Walthers was elected to fill the
vicancy.
Brown held the position of jailer for
about three years. He is a member of
th*> Grand Army, and it was through this
influence he was given the position by the
Martin administration. A short time ago
Brown locked uo an influential young
man for riding on the sidewalk, and
friends of the latter complained to the
Police Commissioners, claiming the man
was given no chance to secure bail. This
is believed to be the cause of the dis
missal.
COMMTSSIONEES OUST
GARDEN CITY JAILER
Recent Arrest of a Young Man
Thought to Have Caused
Dismissal.
The count in the indictment charging
the carrying of concoa'ed weapons was
ignored during the trial and the jury took
no action on it.
After the verdict was announced the
cierk held up the pistols which had fig
ured in the trial and offered them to the
defendant, who waved them off, saying:
"They are not mine."
Tillman left the courtroom in company
with his attorneys, but parted with them
at the front door to go across the street
to the jail, visiting that institution for
the last timg/io gather up his effects. He
had been in custody since January 15,
his application for bail having been re
fused.
Mrs. Tillman and the defendant's moth
er were r.ot In the courtroom when the
verdict was announced, but the former
had been apprised of an agreement and
was at the Jail to await the announce
ment and to meet her husband there. The
mother had heard at her hotel, a few
blocks away, that the jury had come in
and was hastening on her way to the
courthouse when she met her son coming
out on the street. Learning the result,
she threw her arms around his neck.
Tillman left on an afternoon train for
his home in Edgefield, accompanied by his
wife and friends from his home county.
Senator Tillman was not present to-day,
having gene yesterday to his home
at Trenton, where his wife is recovering
from injuries received in a runaway ac
cident.
I did ask for a change of venue because I
was convinced on account of prejudice in
Richland County that I could not get a fair
and Impartial trial In that county. I felt
eure that as soon as my case could be pre
5*-ritfd ti an impartial jury 1 would be vindi
cated. The result has Justified the correct
ness of my judgment.
I feel very gratpful at the result of the ver
dict, but at no time did I apprehend any
strious consequences. I, of course, deeply re
gret the death of Mr. Gonsales. but I was
forced to do what 1 did. I have never appre
h-nded a conviction, for I fe!t that I had not
done any more than any other man would
have done under the same circumstances and
what I was comj'flkd to do. My position was
fully stated !n the testimony 1 gave on the
etand.
A demonstration followed the announce
ment, friends of the defendant giving
vent to their feelings in' a shout. The
court previous to the reading of the ver
dict had admonished the spectators to re
frain from any demonstration.
Counsel for the defense moved the de
fendant's discharge from the Sheriff's
custody. No objection being made by the
State, the court made the order.
Soon after the jury retired yesterday a
ballot was taken, the result being 10 to
2 for acquittal. After some deliberation
one of the two went over to the side of
acquittal, but it was not until about twen
ty minutes before the jury sent word to
the court to-day that an agreement had
been reached that the twelfth man yield
ed. The long delay caused a general im
pression that another trial would result.
The jury could not have stayed out be
>ond Saturday night.
Tiliman, after his acquittal, made the
following statement to the press:
lumbia on January 14 last, was
acquitted this morning. The jury was out
twenty hours before reaching a verdict.
LEXINGTON. S. C. Oct. 15.— Jameg
H. Tillman, who was charged
with the murder of N. G. Gon
zales. editor of the State, in Co-
Pa'.inas.
An interesting musical and literary pro
granuse was rendered. Addresses were
made by prominent members of the local
lodpeand the officers of the Supreme
Lodge. Veteran medals were presented
ti> Marcus Trueman of this city and F.
R Day of Sat:ta Rosa, who have been
numbers of Triumph Lodge since it was
crranized. These medals are provided for
by the Supreme Lodge. Refreshments
and dancing followed the exercises. San
¦L< se Company No. &. Uniform Rank, was
present in full dress and gave a drill.
The committee of arrangements consist
• ••] cf F. L. Thomas, George Gunsolus,
W. F. Foss. J. L. Jenkines, E. H. Gour
luiijnnn, J. N. Rossieh and S. \V. Brown.
SAN JOSE. Oct. 15.— Triumph Lodge
No. 47, Knights of PytKkis, of this city,
celebrated its twenty-fifth anniversary in
Turn-Verein Hall this evenine. Every
member of the lodg-e was present, and
the event was the largest affair in Py
thian circles ever held here. The Su
preme Lodge was represented by Su
preme Representative Church of Fresno,
Prolate Clark of Santa Cruz and Grand
< "hanrellor Commander B. V. Sarjrent of
Triumph. Lodge in San Jose Observes
Its Twenty - Fifth An
niversary.
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS
HOLD A CELEBRATION
Slayer of Editor Gonzales
Walks Out of Court
a Free Man.
Zimmerman, Rosenblatt and Schafer
were found guilty "of acts detrimental to
the interests and welfare of the exchar.se
and of conduct and proceedings incon
sistent with just and equitable principles
of trade in closing certain contracts in
United Railroads of San Francisco bonds,
"if, when and as issued.' " The complain
ant was E. B. C. Randolph.
Zimmerman & Forshay made the fol
lowing statement:
There is a difference of opinion between us
and certain parties with wham we had con
tracts for delivery to us of San Francisco
street railway bond*. These differences are the
subject of lawsuItB which the courts will have
to decide. The governors of the Stock Ex
<han(r«, on complaint of the eame parties with
whom we ar*. in litigation, took action ad
versely to us. Ar.d as th»>re Is no appeal from
the action of the governor?, the final deter
mination of the controversy will have to be de
cided between the parties by the courts In
which litigation* are now pending.
Entire responsibility for the firm's deal
ings in the United Railroads bonds is as
sumed by Zimmerman. Rosenblatt and
Schafer are suspended with Zimmerman
because they are board members of the
Fame firm.
NEW YORK, Oct. 15.— Threa members
of the firm of Zimmerman & Forshay
wore to-day suspended from the Stock
Exchange privileges. This action was
taken as a result of an investigation of
certain transactions by the firm in San
Francisco street railway bonds. Leopold
Zimmerman was suspended lor on© year
and S!gmund H. Rosenblatt and Leonard
Schafer were suspended for ninety days
rcch. These men were the board mem
bers of the firm.
With the progress of trades unions and their
growth in Btrenxth there will probably be a
lessening in the intensity against the non
unionists, but no lessening in the policy of
exclusion.
John M. Stahl. secretary of the Farm
ers' National Congress, spoke on "The
Public— By a Farmer." He said:
It may provoke in some quarters the smile
of derision to suggest the ethical flement in
the relations of < mployer and employed, but
that element mcxt have common recognition
In any ccn.slrirmtion of the matter that will
prove of much profit. Any permanent, peace
ful and satisfactory adjustment, though al
most certain!"- it will not be In thfe name,
must be in the spirit of Jesus Christ. They
that find the true solutions of the problems
that confront this conference must be touched
by the spirit of the Carpentrr of Galilee — the
greatest teacher In all the ages — for the
brotherhood of man end labor and capital can
be broucht into their normal, harmonious re
lation only on the basis of law. Justice and
the golden rule.
President Mitchell in opposing the "open
shop" said in part:
The majority of non-unionists are not ma
licious—only at the worst stupid and apathetic.
However, there Is one croup of non-unionists —
the pn.forslciial strikebreakers — but little ir
ir.ove<l from the criminal class. : Some, of these
professional str'kebreakers are former union
ists — men who have been dishonorably dis
charged from the union, cashiered for conduct
unbecoming to a unionist, if not actually in
dicted for defalcations or for other offenses
against the laws. OtherR have not been in a
union and have not benefited by actual work.
Thomas F. Woodlock of New York in
an address to the conference referred to
the financial situation and declared that
the indications were strong in the direc
tion of a reaction in general business,
which, while it would not be prolonged or
serious, should nevertheless be taken into
consideration by- the associated labor
leaders as a reason for great conserva
tism in their dealings with employers.
MUST FOLLOW GOLDEN KULE.
Orgranizfd labor an<! organized capital are in
a formative state. They are both new to their
acquired power. With time and experience a
reaction in favor oX conservatism will make
itself felt, and in the meantime conciliation
will h<?ln rather than hinder a more reliable
ami permanent remr-dy.
Henry White, secretary of the United
Garment Workers, spoke of "The Solu
tion of Industrial Pro-blems Through As
sociated Action." lie paid in part:
There muet be something mo/e than might —
a. sons- Of fair dfalins and mutual forbear
ance — if better relations are to be maintained.
Only as people refrain from taking full ad
vantage of all their opportunities, as in the
«/a*e of a, family or in our dealings with
friends, will we get nearer a solution ar.i! ap
proach rral peace.
The Kreat hope of our Industrial future is
that the working: classes, whose powers for
Stood and evil have been so strencthened by
organization, will be KuiJed by enlightened
principles, and abstain from seeking proximate
benefits in conlniventl&n of undoubted eco
nomic exuerlenccs nnd at the cost of funda
mental rights. To the extent they misuse their
great power of arbitrarily curtailing the rights
of ihelr fellow laborers or their employers
they array themselves asfain?t public senti
ment, and from that day their power and their
usefulness will decline. Even if labor organi
zations comprised the entire number of wage
workurs in the country, this would give them
no rizht either to override the personal lib
erty of those within or beyond their ranks or
to insist upon special privileges or immuni
ties.
Howard W. Taylor, City Prosecuting
Attorney, welcomed the visiting delegates
on behalf of Chicago, Mayor Harrison
being unable to be present.
HOPE OF INDUSTRIAL FTJTUBE.
Oscar S. Strauss presided and spoke on
"How to Establish Better Relations Be
tween Employers and Employes," advo
cating conservatism in dealing with labor
troubles. He said in part:
Judge Waterman made a brief address,
stating the purpose of the conference and
asserting that no industrial progress was
possible except under the reign of peace
which the conference is endeavoring to
bring about.
CHICAGO, Oct. 15.— Discussion of the
question of the "open shop" by repre
sentatives of labor and of capital took up
the greater part of the first session to
day of the National Civic Federation con
ference, which is endeavoring to establish
more rightful relations between employ
ers and employes and put an end to strife.
During his talk on the "open shop" to
day John Mitchell, president of the United
Mine Workers of America, strongly de
nounced the non-unionist and the strike
breaker, whom he likened to a criminal.
At to-morrow's session Samuel Gom
pers, president of the American Federa
tion of Labor, is expected to preside." Sen
ator Hanna, it is said, will be in charge
of Saturday's meeting.
William D. Mahon, president of the
Amalgamated Association of Street Rail
way Employes of America; Samuel Gom
pers, president of the American Federa
tion of Labor; John Mitchell, president of
the United Mine Workers, and S. S. Me-
Clure of New York were among thoso
present at the gathering, wh'.ch was called
to order by Judge A. N. Waterman, presi
dent of the Chicago branch of the Civic
Federation. I
New York Brokers Guilty
of Acts Prejudicial
to Trade.
Advocate Conservatism in
Dealing -With Indus
trial Troubles.
Echo of Sari Francisco
United Railroads
Litigation.
Representatives of Capi
tal and Labor Meet
in Chicago.
STOCK EXCHANGE
SUSPENDS FIRM
DISCUSS MEANS
TO END STBIFE
TILLMAN JURY
FINDS VERDICT
OF NOT GUILTY
THE SAN FRANCISCO C4LL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 16. 1903.
SLAYER OF A SOUTHERNS* ED
ITOR WHO WAS ACQUITTED
YESTERDAY.
Popular Bay Excursion
Next Sunday— Adults 75c. children 60c.
Bee all points of Interest (eight-hour trip),
cruisers, navy yard, etc. No liquors sold.
Steamer Sausnlito leaves at 9:30 a. m.
Tickets at North Shore office, 626 Market
street, or Ferry office •
5
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
ADVEBTISEHEini.
d visit DR. JORDAN'S great 4
OF ANATOMY^
\ fjf The L*rg«t Anatomical Maseum ia the \
0 i!^*? World Weakmeun «r any cnmraciert A
, JfeS £sa ilneaie p«attl«*ly e«r<x! by the olde>l Y
O fjSjjgi on the Cout. Ett. j6 year*. Q
4 i§Ri OR. JOHDAH-DISEASES OF MEN 4
\ ¥&}t2&B Coiwultanon free and itrktir prirat*. \
0 I Jd^C II Troatmtnt prrsonally or by letter. A A
\ R \t Till F<mt "* C* rtm e»ery case undertaken. T
APS HA Write for Bwk. riIILOKOPnY«( A
" & 1^ a*»IIIA«iB. HAILED FKEX. u"
1 rt )l valuable beak for mm) k
V DO. JO no AN * CO.. 1051 Market St. S. F. V
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
ISA GREAT RESTORATIVE. IXVIGORA-
* tor avnrt Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, tor both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of th«
Kidneys and Bladder. Sells on lta own merits.
NABER. ALFS & BRUNE. Agents.
323 Market »t.. S. P.— (Send for Circulars.)
ji>j0x&£*&n MEN AND WO ME*.
4£jSg|3nctrRE8*Q|M Cw»Blg ©for unnatural
JSSaT t* I »• » aayilVl discharge! ,inC»ni2iatlon»,
ZS&er Qaarutte* *| irritation* or nlcerationj
ATCST sat m «rtotor«. of mucous membrane*.
W* H Tmnu tnu^mm. Paln'.eit, and not «§tria-
KjITHEETAIISCHEYICAICO. f»nt or poioonous.
CJ.Wt.1!UTl,0*B3| Sold by Drn«UU,
c.s.1. '%£&* er ** ot ln *'* la w r»pT«T.
-yaffiSBa,. by expr»«i. prepaid, far
»i.00. or 3 bottles 13.73.
» m circular wet on request.
(* "PATENTSt' j
MARKFT ST. «S P
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Price Lists Mallei
on Application.
TBXS2E A2TS SAXiT UZAT8.
IA^ RAYF^ rt fO Sh| PPta* Butch«r». 104
JAJ. DUlCO a WU. Clay. TeU Main 12&4.
ozus. — — — .
LUBRICATING OILS: LEONARD * ELUS,
418 Front St.. S. F. Phone Main 1?1».
EC. HUGHES, m^SS?a ¦.-.-¦
Tfctsr mil ip x »»*^w indescribable fear, for
eg—m lea»v utaB mmmm im child-byth. The thought
of the sufFering and danger in store for her, robs the expectant mother
of all pleasant anticipations of the coming event, and casts over her a
shadow of gloom which cannot be shaken off. Thousands of women
have found that the use of Mother's Friend daring pregnancy robt
confinement of all pain and danger, and insures safety to life of mother
and child. This scientific liniment is a god-send to all women at the
time of their most critical triaL Not only does Mother's Friend
carry women safely through the perils of child-birth, but its u«e
gently prepares the system for the coming event, prevents "morning
sickness," and othe^dis- -___. '
comforts of this period. MfL&S £F&*EPl£LM SS^MfoPtiBb
I&^'UE? 8^ mUTHEFTS
containing valuable information free. B8P* 'I?® M 'JE™ 'MLB 'JT§
The Bradfield Regulator Co., Atlanta, Ga. B BUE&mBW iLS
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS*
NO GREASE CR DANGEROUS DRUGS
In"Herpicide,"the New Scientific and
Successful Dandruff Treatment.
Have you dandruff? Then you have a
contagious parasitic disease, unpleasant
unhealthy and one that will eventually
l^ad to baJdnesp. To cure it you must
destroy the parasite that eats at the
root of the hair. The only preparation
for destroying these perms is Xcwhro's
Herpicide. Charles Klein of Laramie,
Wyo.. says: "Herpicide allayed the itch-
ing, cured the cantlruff snd stopped my
hair's falling out; and it is bringing ?n a
mw crop of hair." Hrrpicide is free from
crease or dangerous dr-.i-is. and rr.:;kes
hair glossy and soft as s;lk. One :>ottle
will con\-in~« you of It5 merits. Sold by
leading drueslrts. Send lf»c in stamps for
pample to The Herpicide Co.. Detroit
Mich.
CASTOR I A
For Infants ar.d Children.
TSe Kind You Hava Always Bought
Sears the y^J* * / <y "
EVERy-BUDEMRRANTB
OR.PIERCES I
GOLDEN
._ __ MEDICAL
HDBSCOVERY
— -^^ FOR THE
1 BLOOD.HVER.LUNGS.l
ScAoo/s and Cottages.
0 a?iSS^ C COL LEGE OF THE
_ Write for ttlutntcA catalogue (Vrw>.
THE EMPORIUM. ;/ THE EMPORIUM. j THE EMPORIUM. | THE T.TVrPORrUM.
| Under-Price Sale Special Sale Goods ordered by mail BOVS* Clot/liMl
* # 2Mf*g*- f**%MM"Mmm*& or telephone will not b: sent C. O. D. ¦ **
j H-elCG IrOliarS ¦' g£> ! Money-saving prices
$ j^^l Hundreds of jW^ Jis f '• to-day and Saturday
S fecVi" C fL_^f?P &fa / f4SJ%f%Y fitfff ' Money-saving prices every day in our
>i J^-£~y£&i |\§^S)V Women's * * &~^-^ * "&f*s ** •V###//fl E= ». splendid juvenile department for that mat-
$ /^^^^^^Jg^^^^^s. collars on California's largest-^ J^— ¦» --^-- ter— extra special bargains for these two
£ 7tfN!A\^xOoJc^ sale to-day •iMjsMfci^&llMiJv* America's grandest store days.
K W#r A^?A\%SQr and Saturday 1 • Boys* $4.00 Svils $2.95—
i n less than Sale To-Day Only Of The 3 -piccc knee pant,
3 W (fr)?^ \ ' c " ""*" * ¦ r.. style shown m illustration VT^I
$ Wm r a^uiar A Large Collection ««• boy. s » ¦+ ,-««. V**)
i r w 4 C "- A h" New Style Waists <>^T\
j <k . °j;$»: (Silk) at $3.95 ZV£ «« "S* |l|, k7t\
£ The assortment, consists of black and white * r . . days only . . %p4£m+jt%J> / j) }, V »A\)
*> v ,,-;,i r »,-,- R u \r • ¦ t • v\ tt i-i. A large purchase of Suk Waists at an advantageous price Jr-ju f WvVv
* fc-cunal L,ace, Back Vense (sik), d ack <r j l t i i Norfolk and Double-breasted l\\\ T A %Jy
J Chiffon; Butter, Ecru and White Venise Co'- cables us to offer you to-day some beautiful new style S XX ™ °™ *", ™W£ A W
| !ars, in an .'most end'ess variety of n= W and .S"™ 11 " 31 ™-*?* Ic » ih ™ *™ rcaI worth « ; showing .11 the h« Fall color-
h ,...„ «;. t fo n«r«n. 1 hesc Wants, which arrived by express from New York ings and fabrics— at the Terr un- is j tJIJj /1m y
| We have priced the seven lots as follows- this week are m both black and colors, made up m the J£* P™J for $2.95 j, I hit I
i forthhsale: / la «" >?¦'¦ The Colored Wams-m «Hb new pastel sZ-ToT^ l !f /C/
£ 7S c to Si.oo Collar. 38c shades for dress and evening wear— are made of extra \ o ? yean> made of pure | Wd flji
Si. 25 to Si.oo Colars 72(3 • n * cc cau c c k» w "^ ar 8 e drooping French wonted itrgsi and cheviots; col- l|l 1|!
$2 co to $2.50 Col'ars 92C sleeves and nratly trimrrfed. The Black Waists arc made of an or$ na*y, red, brown, royal and ~ljjj; M
tf f 2.50 ti i 3.00 Collar?. . . . $1 m 15 equally good quality Peau d: Soie in a style similar to the colored mixtures, with either Eton collar — * \t !fc\
ft, 5j-oo to S3. 50 Collars . . . $f m 43 on:s. We consider them aa extraordinary jjftfc 4/*& /*»»* or large tailor collar; high-class 2 Uj MfcVav
X «V5O to ?4.co Cjllars . . . SV.63 value, and sa will you, at tj-day's sJe price «^^ T*r* IT tSt T^ an(1 ''r^'cc 3^ 4g* EZ /lfl "ZZr" fr/ — — — — -
St }4-° 3 ti $5.00 Colars . . . $2.t3 ...'•¦ «^ suits nPOmUll ~Z^r-^* -=- ~
ta ' ¦
i v
I Qua 9 AnnusiB Safe of Medium and
I High Grade Furniture and Carpets
!| The most important sale of medium grade and fine furniture and carpets
! I ever planned by the big store, or ever offered to the people of this city
* is now in progress. Our regular everyday prices for these goods are much
£ less than equally as good qualities can be bought for in exclusive furniture and carpet stores, and we have re-
$ duced these prices in many instances as much as a third.
$ If you are furnishing a home, a hotel or only a single apartment it will pay you well to examine Califor-
i nia's largest and most varied stock-, a Lrge part of which is now being sold at deeply cut prices.
SJMaslB^I^I^RS^BPHllMniPIIKtMt^Wl^HiaMSnHil^i^SSVOTHi
I $1.00 Gloves 79c Silk Remnants special sale Fancy
t Rare Values These 1-4 Off To-Day • „ . RiUhnn* »
X . Hundreds of choice lengths of thi; s;a<on'5 fancy and stapl: siilcs, suitable STmrnmrnm at ¦ mmmmm%MMm^m
J 1000 Pairs Women's Twc-Clasp Lamb- for almo5t any purposc (many fh ; rt . waist Iengthi aroong m^ bhck
ar skin Gloves — Beautiful new goods just taffeta-, Pcaude Soi«, satins, Armure*, etc.; colored taffetas, Pcaude Hundreds of yards of fancy all-silk Hair
5r taken from the custom house - perfect Soe*, crepe de chine?, fancy waistsiik, etc.; to-day ; ©niy, at a still Ribbons in the No- 7 width — all sorts of
$ in every particular of make and fit— further reduction of ;/ from the air.-ady reduced remnant P rC-s. ¦¦ fancy combinations of colors, woven in
£ the latest in style of stitching, the n±\v- ' ! : < ' — thc c ; nt "/ f ribbon ; worth »S« v**> »»t bought $J
* L 1 i 1 11 • j 'iem in b ft-r- a* am great, y un'cr pric: that we are ab.e to •£ fftk __
k; est colorings to match the winter dress flfflGH S FUi*B1ESfoa*18SS offer it for Friday oniv at 3UC
;g fabrics— a full range of sizes. Friday ""¦£*" umm^^mmmss^^^
J only, these dollar gloves for f&g* Men's Hall Hose— Imported German Balbriggan, in Another rousing sale ol extra quality Satin
$ #jyCLr silk embroidered patterns; also plain tans, black " Tafleta Dibbon — All silk, 4}4 inches wide,
I J! ' and black with white soles: per pair . . . 25c with fancy cord edge, in a full line of
! *t fyS5!BSne*B°V? WsiBJS^S Men'S Underwear— Extra quality fleece lined, a'l se>ms handwme shades; nirable lor n«kw«r, chidren's
|g mutiitBn&r-y w*sBMkz& doflt5ie scwed; pcr garment 5Qc »,!,„, 29c
H "#W fc Ladies' Je! Men's Handkcrchiels— White and fancy borders, Japonette,
t^i^i^mPand Chiffon ncw dci > s ™ d colo r r ; n s • ful1 ««»* « ch • • *Oc Children's and
\\ S^^^^» ! HatS, trimmed c T^e above Handkerchiefs 3 for 2 5 c BVllSSas' ShOCS
>' W^g%&Mr with brPI^K New Silk Rich Neckwear- Reversible four-in-hands, im- Just received a large ship. _^.
'f O^ rich tiDS and- F-ais. A.cots, Squares and Tecb, latest Ne W York's mc J Qtof mhsc , Jl. ffjgf
S- 4 P. 7 OStriCh tips and fancies; each . . 50c dren's school shoes for fall
j^* «^i J^. j Velvet 1 lDDOn, Men's Shiris— Ma le of imported madras and Garnrrr'i percales, the new- and winter One particular v*\ ff/ZvA
J M\^J . perfect in Style, est colors an '^E« s t0 < ™*« w « r > either st: ' ff bosotni 5 °;^ line of cither vid kid or box ~%W§/%
s; Workmanship calf made with solid leather Mpjk&r
\ I and materials; only .... S5.OO Groceries— Liauors T cr aol^Vl d "-I 10 "' mc " ATi
* <*X^U'Z'&r£t3£S~~K.ltfUUJ w 2* d mm an d light weight cxtcn- AcS&^r
i Chfldren'S HatS— Trimmed With Specials Friday and Saturday. sion soles, patent leather or tS*^
\ g - large ribbon bows and small steel buckles, in Choice Butter-In firkin, same quality as last sale; by the lb S5C box tips, spring heels, plenty of style and good
!tf all the new colorings — reds, blues, browns. Chow Chow— Crossed- Blackweir*, 200 cn!y of the largest size bottles; wearing qualities, arc marked:
$ tans, etc $3,95 . 65c, at :. ... 49o size 8^ to 11 St. 25
£> Imported Swiss Cheese — Br«t Emanthal; lb 29o Sizeiij4toa Sf SO
ft- Misses' Scratch felt Ha]S— Bound with yeget; Kona Coffee-Rich in flavor; lb tQo For Smaller Children and Infants-Good vxi kid lace or
tf trimmed with steel buttons and velvet mi'.'- Ex xa. Standard Fruits— Peache*, apricots, pears or plums; for the two button shoes, new lasts, hand turnrd soles.
t tary band around the crown . . .$1.50 ,. 7° ' ; ,*, * \ ' ' ' ' ' ' '€5° Sizes i to 6 (infants' without .pring heels) . . 7So
J *»¦•*«* Zmfjndel or Reislmg - Extra, 4 years old; gal B80 Sizes 5 to 8 (children's with tpring hees) . S1.OO
•f Bonnet and Toques— Made of silk and chenille Primrose Gin -The old London b:and OSo Ladies' Shoe* 52.50— Two of the prettiest styles you hare
J and jet, finisned with pompons, aigrettes and McBwyer Whisky- Spring of '94, straight goods; gallon . . $3.25 ever Je « at th» low price, one with Bght weigh't »le,
ft? «--^., i.,,U.r* in Kt^lr , n / «rft5fi- onA nnnl bottle 7 5O the other medium weight extension sole, patent leather
I fancy feathers in black and wttite and gooi Ginger AIf _ Cantrc: i & CochranC| lm?ottei . dozen . . . . iUtO d Cuban hecI J^ z for walkb > m £.,
tf qjallty ve vet ribbon §5mUU L'randy— Ex ra California, legularly $3.00; gallon . . . .$2.40 ra -r . $2m5OCalifornians in Washington.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 15.— The following
Californians registered at the Riggs to
day: J. L. Hasket, Mrs. F. E. Vinlng,
Mrs. George Epsall and Mrs. E. F. Mills
of San Francisco.
KNIGHTS TEMPLAR— Curious. San
Jose, Cal. The number of grand com
manderies of the Knights Templar In the
United States and Territories, each repre
senting individual States and Territories
(excepting Massachusetts and Rhode Isl
and, which are combined), is forty-three.
The number, of commanderlea under the
jurisdiction of the Grand Encampment Is
1059, and the total membership is 127,400.
ADOPTED CHILD— E., City. After a
person has legally adopted a child in
the State of California the two shall sus
tain toward each other the legal relation
of parent and child, and have all the
rights and are subjected to all the duties
of that relation. This, of course, gives
the adopting individual the right to take
the child out of the State without con
sulting the natural father or obtaining
his consent.
STREET ETIQUETTE— P. D., Oakland,
Cal. If a gentleman and lady are walk
ing along the street and meet a gentle
man friend who is accompanied by a
lady, each gentleman should raise his hat
irrespective of. the fact that neither gen
tleman knows the lady not In his com
pany. By so doing each gentleman ehows
respect for the lady in the company of
his friend. If a gentleman walking along
meets a friend In company of a lady, he
should bow and slightly ? raise hi3 hat,
and the one with the lady should respond
in the same manner.
California fruit is becoming more pop
ular the world over and the same may
be said of cooking by gas. . Buy your
range from San Francisco Gas and Elec
tric Co., 415 Post. Cars stop at the office.*
PLASTER OF PARIS— Bergina. City.
Plaster of Paris was so named because
immense beds of the material were found
in the immediate vicinity of Paris,
France, and because it was in that city
that it was first extensively used sa a
plaster or cement. The material is pul
verized rock, which Is heated until It loses
one-fifth of its weight by the expulsion of
moisture from its composition. When
mixed with water the anhydrous gypsum
again chemically combines with it and
passes into a solid state.
Several more coolies, illegally in this country and
scheduled far deportation, have escaped from the
Federal officials who were responsible for the safe
keeping of the Chinese. Recent events indicate that
the Chinese Bureau might well keep a watch upon
itself or some fine morning it may be marked among
the mysterious disappearances with which it has been
so significantly connected of late. Somebody, en
couraged by success, might steal the bureau.
Townsend's California glace fruits and
candles. 60c a pound, in artistic fire
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market *t.. above Call bid*. •
ROLLING STONE— Ella, Oakland, Cal.
The common saying, "A* rolling stone
gathers no moss," is from admonitions in
"The Points of Huswlfery," written In
1560 by Tusser. The exact words are:
The stone that is rolling can gather no
moss;
For master and servant oft changing is
loss.
Cremleux Lodge No. 325 of the Inde
pendent Order of B'nai B'rlth will give its
annual Simchas Torah ball in Lyric Hall,
on Eddy street, next Sunday evening.
This is in celebration of or.e of the Jew
ish festivals.
Simchas To rah Ball.
STEPCHILDREN— Subscriber, City. In
the State of California children of the
mother, although she may have married
a second time, have property rights under
the law of succession. Such children
would not have any claim on property
acquired or money earned by the step
father after the mother's death unless he
had adopted them as his own.
Califomians in New York.
NEW YORK, Oct. 15.— The following
Calif ornians are In. New York: From
San Francisco— Miss Carew and Miss G.
S. Haywood, at the Murray Hill; W. H.
Leblzteaux and wife, at the Westminster;
J. B. Lewison, F. S. Moody and wife,
at the Holland: E. Brown and wife at
the Herald Square: J. P. Cooper, at'the
Hotel Navarre: A. L.. Kruger and wife,
at the Winsonia: Mrs. E. Martin, at the
Holland; A. B. Miner, at the Navarre;
Miss E. O'Neill, at the Cadillac: G. Rose
and wife, at the Cadillac; M. Storm, at
the Grand; J. Fay and wife, at the Bel
vedere; J. J. Hyer, at the Union Square:
Mrs. M. Shea, Miss R. R. Shea, at the
Kensington; C. Stallman, at the Hoff
man. From Los Angeles— A. R. Higbie,
at the Imperial.
TAL,Li BUILDINGS— C., Fresno, Cal. Tho
height of the State Capitol at Sacramento
is, from the junction of Tenth and M
streets to the top of the ball on the bird
cage, 240 feet. The height of the Claua
Spreckels building is 327 feet and the
height of the City Hall in San Francisco
is 325 feet. .
MANY FLOORS— D., Murphys Camp.
Cal. There are a number of buildings in
the United States that have more than
twenty-one floors, notably In New York
and Chicago. One in New York, the St.
Paul building, at Ann street and Broad
way, S08 feet high, has twenty-six floors.
WHITE HOUSE— I. G. N., City. Visit
ors having business with the President of
the United States are received at the
White House, Washington, D. C, between
noon and 1 o'clock daily (except Tuesdays
and Fridays, which are Cabinet days), so
far as public business will permit.
"Think of it. Our farms produce $4,000,000,000; our
shops and factories produce more than all the shops
and factories of any other two countries on the map
by $3,000,000,000 per annum. The productive
capacity, without duplications, amounts to $11,000,
000.000, out of which we export in round numbers
$1,500,000,000 and import $1,000,000,000. We there
fore consume practically 95 per cent of all we pro
duce. Suppose we open the doors and allow Europe
to clothe us and furnish us our manufactured prod
ucts, who will consume the products of our farms,
and what shall we do with the products of our fac
tories? ;•*•:;:
"No. we will take reasonable care of our own.
encouraging those who can afford it to buy some of
their luxuries abroad, and from the importation of
luxuries — laces, jewelry and fancy fabrics — we will
collect a q;ood portion of our revcunes and we will
sell our surplus in foreign countries."
Observe the distinction, the proper and absolute
distinction, made between free imports and free
trade. Since the surrender of Peel England has had
free imports, but her foreign trade has never been
free: therefore it is an cr/or to call her system free
trade. The two systems of free imports and pro
tected domestic industries have never been as clearly
stated as by Secretary Shaw, and he' has put the
country under renewed obligations by his forcible
exposition
EARLY in 1896, when the free silver craze had
t-et the Democracy to tongue-chewing and the
epidemic had attacked large sections of the
Ktpub'.ican party, the first strong voice raised in the
Central West for sound money was that of
Governor Shaw of Iowa. The courage of the
net may be judged when it is known that
ihe mere politicians in his party in that State were
quite generally of the belief that free silver was a
winning issue and that the Republican party must cut
in and take it first. His speech was one of the mem
orable events of that fateful year. It smote his
i<arty upon its sleeping conscience and roused it to
battle for the right. Since then his strength has
been reccgr.ized, and by putting him at the head of
;he treasury President Roosevelt proved his excellent
judgment of men.
He opened the Ohio campaign at Akron on the
10th inst. As his speech was not used by the Asso
ciated Press, we put before our readers that part of
it which defines the protective system and considers
the means of getting and holding external trade.
We wish to impress upon our readers that they
should preserve this speech and its definitions. If
they oppose protection, let them study what the Sec
rttary of the Treasury says and see if they can answer
it. If they cannot, let them consider the wisdom of
admitting it and joining theirs to the strength of the
party which upholds the-policy, which the Secretary
so plainly states in these words:
"One of the most important problems before the
American people is that of markets. In this all par
ties agree. But while the parties agree on the im
porUnce of the ultimate fact, they do not agree
upon the methods to be pursued in the accomplish
ment of the desired end. The plan proposed by the
minority fiarty is to throw our commercial doors
wide open for the free importation of products of
foreign labor. Members of that party insist that if
we <lo this we will of necessity have unrestricted ac
cess to the markets of other countries. They urge
that if we will but allow Europe to clothe us, furnish
its our glass, our earthenware, our hardware, our
steel rails, our structural iron, and everything else
;vc produce, we will thus secure a most wonderful
export trade.
"They insist that the way for us to capture the
r:arkets of the world is to throw our mar
kets open to the world. The logic of this
opinion 'is, if we give away what we have
we will then have an abundance. England
has had free goods for half a century, but she has
never had free" trade. She has run against the tariff
at the entrance of every country she has attempted
to invade, and now her .colonies, having become vig
orous, arc begging to impose duties upon her
products, and Mr. Chamberlain resigns his position
:n the Cabinet, and at the time of life when most
men are about to retire to the quiet of their homes
goes out to make the fight of his life in behalf of
protection. There is a great difference between free
goods from foreign countries and free trade in for
eign countries.
GUARDIAN— E., City. When a court
appoints a person guardian of a child It
may fix certain conditions as to whether
or not the father may see the child. Con
ditions imposed on the guardian depend
upon what the court deems proper in the
particular case.
SHAW IN THE CAMPAIGN
PHARAOH'S HORSES— H., Oakland,
Cal. Neither the catalogues nor books on
famous artists give the name of the
painter of the picture known as Pha
raoh's Horses. Possibly some reader of
this department can inform the corre
spondent. ,
Applications were read from W. C. Gur
ney, who desires to establish a first clas«
bakery in the valley, and F. Robinson to
erect a buildlne to be used as an art
studio. Both applications were approved
and will be granted on November 1.
It was suggested that a telephone ser
vice be installed which will connect the
various hotel3 and camps in the valley,
and a committee was appointed to ascer
tain the cost of a double wire and set of
telephone boxes.
The grading of the roads was the next
matter taken up and it was moved and
seconded that a road grading machine he
bought immediately and started working.
Reports on the condition of the ¦water
and pipe system were read by the secre
tary and found to be satisfactory.
The Board of Yosemite Commissioners,
presided over bv William G. Henshaw.
met yesterday afternoon in the offices of
John J. Lerman in the Call building: for
the purpose of deciding several questions
which were carried over from the last
meeting.
A lease of the Sentinel Hotel was grant
ed to J. B. Cook for four years, to com
mence November 1, 1903.
At the last meeting of the Commission
ers, David A. Curry, proprietor of Camp
Curry, made application for the prlvlleg*
of selling lemonade, cigars and candy in
the camp, but Nelson Salter. who runs a
large store in the valley, objected, say
ing the new stand would injure his busi
ness. The matter was taken up yester
day and the license will be granted Curry,
providing he sells his. goods only to thoso
living in his camp, which is more than
a mile from Salter's store.
YOSEMITE COMMISSIONERS
' HOLD REGULAR MEETING
Telephone System to Connect Various
Camps and Hotels in Valley
Is Suggested.
Viscount James Walter Grimston, the
third Earl of Verulam, with two compan
ions. George W. Warr and Alexander J.
Bestlc of London, arrived at the Occi
dental yesterday. The Earl \s making a
tour of this country, and expects to leave
to-morrow for the Yosemite.
Najla Moghabghali of Yokohama, spe
cial agent of the Japanese Government to
the St. Louis Exposition, is at the Palace.
R. H. Crunden, a banker of New York,
the first of the Eastern contingent to ar
rive for the coming convention, came in
on yesterday's overland with his wife and
registered at the Grand.
Dr. S. G. Call of Alaska is at the Grand.
O. J. Stough, a capitalist of San Diego,
is at the Occidental.
W. F. Knox, a lumberman of Sacra
mento, is at the Grand.
T. E. Shaw, a mining- man of Butte,
Mont., is at the Palace.
Dr. Edward C. Drake of Philadelphia is
registered at the Grand.
Robert R. Pardow of Queensland, South
Africa, is at the Occidental.
Henry Weinstock, one of Sacramento's
leading merchants, is at the Palace.
Joseph Washbum, the well-known stage
line owner of Wawona, is at the Palace.
F. S. Bennett, president of the Civic
League of London, is due here to-morrow.
James A. Foshay, Superintendent of
Schools of Los Angeles County, is regis
tered at the Palace.
Congressman James McLachlan of Pas
adena arrived from the south yesterday
and is registered at the Palace.
SLEEPY CITY-S., City. This corre
spondent wants to know what city is
called "the sleepy city." The correspond
ent writes that "It is a city of fine cem
eteries and monuments,, the inhabitants
boast of its grandeur, but make no prog
ress."
PERSONAL MENTION.
HOMESEEKERS L., Sierra Valley,
Cal. For information as to lands open for
settlers in the Hawaiian Islands and the
Philippines address a letter of inquiry to
the General Land Office, Washing
ton, D. C.
SOME years ago there was quite a lively discus
sion going on all over the country as to what
we should do with our ex-Presidents. It was
one of the topics of the period of the year known as
the "silly season" and speedily ran its course, being
forgotten as soon as a subject of genuine interest
arose to engage public attention. We refer to it now
only to point out how well the only ex-President liv
ing has solved the question for us. Mr. Cleveland
out of office has been devoting his time to fishing
and to political philosophy, and in each line of endea
vor has attained an eminence which all of his coun
trymen recognize and respect.
In the field of political philosophy the chief theme
of the retired Democratic sage is that 'of the duty of
the American citizen to take part in public affairs
and to actively engage in politics. Whatever be the
occasion upon which he is called upon to address
any considerable audience he sooner or later directs
his argument and his appeal to that end. Thus, for
example, in a recent address on the subject of "Uni
versity Education" he said: "I cannot rid myself at
this moment of the thought that education is a self
ish, useless thing if it is to be hid in a napkin, or if
it is to be hugged to the breast by its possessor as a
mere individual prize, and it seems to me that the
existence of schools and colleges in this land of purs
can scarcely be deemed important except as they
are the sources from which education may be dis
tributed through many channels for the enrichment of
the body politic and the stimulation of patriotic
thoughtfulness among our people."
His most notable utterance on this subject, how
ever, is his latest," that delivered before the Commer
cial Club of Chicago on Wednesday evening'. This
address is one which Cleveland must have carefully
studied, for he cannot have been unaware of the fact
that as soon as it was known he had accepted an in
vitation to the banquet of the club the rumor ran
round the country that the occasion would be used as
an opportunity to launch a boom for him as a can
didate for the Presidency. * It was even asserted that
his words would reveal a willingness to accept the
leadership of his party. Under such ?circumstances
the speech was awaited with eagerness, and we may
be sure it was prepared with a full understanding of
the care with which it would be scrutinized by poli
ticians of all sorts.
There is nothing in the speech to help the Cleve
land boom. His speech to his fellow fishermen of
Buzzards Bay on the occasion of the recent clam
bake had more of party politics than this thought
ful address on "American Good Citizenship." From
first to last it was a plea for the faithful performance
of political duty. After pointing out that some per
sons neglect public duties because of indifference,
others because of an unreasoning optimism that
everything will turn out all right anyhow, and still
others because of their complete absorption in pur
suit of private gain or private pleasure, Mr. Cleve
land said:
"The withdrawal of wholesome sentiment and
patriotic activity from political action on the part of
those who are indifferent to their duty, or foolhardy
in their optimism, opens the way for a ruthless and
unrelenting enemy of our free institutions. The
abandonment of our country's watch towers by
those who should be on guard and the slumber of
the sentinels who should never sleep directly invite
the stealthy approach and the pillage and loot of the
forces of selfishness and greed. These baleful ene
mies of patriotic effort will lurk everywhere as long
as human nature remains unregenerate, but nowhere
in the world can they create such desolations as in
free America, and nowhere can they so cruelly de
ftroy man's highest and best aspirations for self
government. It is useless for us to blink the fact that
our scheme of government is based upon a close
interdependence of interest and purpose among
those who make up the body cf our people. Let us
be honest with ourselves."
The address, which was published in full in The
Call of yesterday, comes pertinent and pat to the
people of San Francisco at this time. There is now
an urgent need for good citizens to take part in the
campaign and save the city from the menace of
class divisions and factional city government. In
this emergency it is the duty of every American to
vote, and to vote right.
MENKEN— Old-timer. City. Adah Isaacs
Menken first appeared in "Mazeppa" in
Maguire's Opera-house, on the north side
of Washington street, between Montgom
ery and Kearny streets, San Francisco,
in 1863.
GOOD CITIZENSHIP.
FLOWERS— E. M. 8., City, iln the Ian
guage of flowers, so called, the garden
daisy moans "I partake of your senti
ments," the white one means "innocence"
and the wild one means "I will think
of It."
RED DOUBLE PINK— S. W., City. If
a person gives another a red double pink
with tho intention that it shall convey
the expression of the language of flowers,
it means pure and ardent love.
There is a similarity and a difference between the
efforts of our Board of Health to cleanse Chinatown
and one of the labors of Hercules. In his little affair
in the stables Hercules finished the job and it didn't
cost a cent. In Chinatown the work of the Board
of Health is coarse and interminable .and is a con
stant dram on the ever-opening doors of the muni
cipal treasury.
WHITE AND CHINESE— Subscriber,
City. Marriage between whites and Chi
nese is void in Arizona, California, Mis
sissippi, Oregon and South Carolina.
POSTOFFICE— Subscriber,. City. The
site for the Postoffice' at the corner of
Mission and Seventh streets was pur
chased October 8, 1891.
i-RIDAV OCTOBER 16, iooj
2CVLU D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
AddrtrTA!! CornmunicitioM to JOHN McNAUGjJL^Uniger.
TELEPHONE.
Aek for THE CALL. The Operator Will Connect
Ycu With the Department You Wish.
f'l BMCATIOV OFFICES... Market and Third, S. F.
i;UIT()lll.iL ROOMS 217 to 221 Sl«re»«O« St.
delivered by Carriers, 20 Cts. Per Week, 75 Cts.
Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cents.
TVrtnt far Mail. Including;. Poet*«e (C * lh Wlth Orf«r): __
SA'.LT CAIX <lrx]ti(Jfr.K BuriSaJl. on« year *?7wl
nAIJ.T CA!-t. r.neludinr Sunday). 6 »ncnth» vT
DAJLT CALJ^-B> Cine!.. Mcnth •*"
fVNDAT CAI..T.. One T«r *•*»"
WTESLT CA1L. Oc« Ytar JL*.
f DaCT. . . *?.*<> P«r T«ar Kxtrm
rCEEIGN POSTAGE... '< Sunday.. 4.15 P*r Tear Kxtr»
I W>ekly.. l.OO P«r Tear Extra
All po.tm.ster. «Te~«^uiori-ea to reeetT*
«nli»crlptlon«,
fiiirrle cop?«« wtU be rcrwanJed when r*que*t««.
Kali *utscrlt*r» '.r. crdrtr.g cfcanre ct addrtM should t*
Mrticul.r to Ktve both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
tc '.Tt:rt m. prompt and correct compliance wltb their request.
OAKLAXD OFFICE.
III8 nroadrrny Telephone Main 1OS3
BERKELEY OFFICE.
ri«S <>ni#r Street Telephone Worth 77
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
JJOKTOX E. CRAAE 14O0 G Street, ». W.
SCT" TORX NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano, 31 Union ftquare;
V»rray Hill Hotel; Fifth-avenue Hotel and Hoffman Boua*.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS!
EfcwTnan House; P. O. New« Co.; Great Northern Hotel:
TretEont House; Auditorium Hotel: Palmer Hocm.
CHICAGO REPP.ESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KROGXESS. . . .Mnrquette Building
iLon» Distance Telephone. "•Central 2619.")
NEW TORK REPRESENT ATTVE :
fTErilEX B. SMITH 3O Tribune Bntldlngr
ti RANCH OFFICES-— 527 Montgomery, corner cf Clay, open
coal 9:30 o'clock. S0O Hiyee. op»o until 9:30 o'clock. «33
McAllister, cpen until 9:30 o'clock. 615 Larkln. open until
t SO o'clock. 1941 Mission, cpen until 10 o'clock. 2201
l'»r'r,n. comer Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1096 Va
>-.<-•». open until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9
c"c*ocic. NE. corner Church and Duncan street!, open
EBtXI 3 o'clock. N"W. corner Twenty-aecond and Kentucky,
of«n unt" '•• c.' clock. 2200 Flllmore. open until 9 o'clock.
SUNOL'S RECORD-R. T. G., City. The
record made by the horse Sunol against
time was half a mile in ¦ 1:02ft. Detroit,
Mich., July 24, 1900.
SUCCESSION— E., City. When a wife
dies the community property goes to the
husband without administration.
It Is announced that San Francisco so
ciety will be well represented both as
exhibitors and spectators, and as the local
colony of the smart set has interested
itself in the event there is no doubt that
superior artistic effects will be produced.
The proceeds of the exhibition will be
devoted to me improvement fund.
The Women's Civic Club is composed
of the wives, sisters and daughters of
the representative citizens of San Mateo,
Mrs. A. B. Ford being president. — s
an auxiliary to the Civic Club, represent
ed by the male members of their fami
lies, these ladles have been important fac
tors in the promotion of all kinds of public
improvements, entertainments, etc. The
prestige they command on account of.
their position assures the success of what
ever they undertake. Hence the certainty
that the floral exhibition will be a com
plete and brilliant affair In every re
spect.
SAN MATEO. Oct. 13.— The Women's
Auxiliary Civic Club of this city will
Inaugurate a flower carnival on Friday,
October 30, which in magnitude and splen
dor will surpass any similar exhibition
ever given here. The larger hall of the
San Mateo Athletic Club will be used for
the competitive exhibits of potted plants,
cut flowers and the like, arranged so as
to form grottos to serve as refreshment
booths, which will be presided over by
the feminine youth' and beauty of the
community.
It is proposed also to have a floral pa
rade in the afternoon, consisting of ar
tistic floats and flower decorated vehicles,
including automobiles", bicycles and car
riages. Liberal prizes will be offered on
all competitive features of the exhibition
and it is expected that special talent will
be employed on the parade feature to
bring out the beat esthetic effects.
Special Dispatch to The Call
FLOUR-A., City. The weight of a
barrel of flour Is 200 pounds.
RUTLAND, Vt., Oct. 15.— News of the re
moval from office of United States Mar
shal Alfred A. Field by President Roose
velt to-day surprised the residents of this
city, where Field is ranked as a leading
and highly respected citizen. He was ap
pointed Marshal by President McKlnley
and reappointed a year ago by President
Roosevelt. k
Before leaving them the Mar5haS in
formed his son that two men on the boat
who. he claims, had been pointed out to
him as proper persons but whom he had
never seen before, might assist him if
necessary and that he might leave the
prisoners in their charge while he went
to sup:>er. The deputy did so ami upon
his return from supper found that the
two men and the three prisoners had es
caped. The Marshal cl.ilmed that these
two men had bt-en pointed out by the
agent of the railroad company with whom
the Government had arranged for their
trip across the continent. The agent pos
itively denied this statement and, with
out passing on the question of veracity
raised by this denial, the Attorney Gen
eral was of the opinion that upon the
Marshals own story he was guilty of
such culpable negligence as to call for hia
immediate removal in the interest of the
service.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 13.— The President.
upon the recommendation of the Attor
ney General, has removed United States
Marshal Alfred A. Field of the District
of Vermont for dereliction of duty in per
mitting the escape at Providence. R. I.,
of three Chinese entrusted to him for de
portation.
The prisoners who escaped, with eleven
others, were under sentence- of deporta
tion and were conducted to Providence.
R. I., on the evening of June 20 and placed
on board a steamer at that point som?
time prior to 5 o'clock. At 5:30 o'clock the-
Marshal left the boat and returned tu
Boston, leaving the prisoners in charge of
his son, who was acting as his deputy to
accompany the prisoners t'» San, Fran
cisco.
¦p""iR0M the Democratic and Labor party corners
I""* of the political triangle come the egophilian
*¦ feature and issue of the city campaign. Mayor
Schmitz, after self-examination, announced himself as
"tried and true," and began calling his opponents
anything but that. Then Mr. Lane raised his voice
to oratorical pitch and announced his own discovery
of his resemblance to the Savior and his desire to
make of San Francisco a New Jerusalem. In pic
turesque metaphor he called the city a temple and
his opponents "money changers," to be thonged out
into the cold by his avenging political right arm.
These prognathous and bulbous-headed features of
the campaign of course have no right relation to its
true meaning. It may be defined as an effort of the
citizens of San Francisco to secure an upright and
businesslike administration of the city, and such ex
penditure of the money recently voted for improve
ment as will return to the people for every dollar
they pay a hundred cents' worth of benefit.
Mr. Lane's evening organ, once suspected of leas
ing its fugues and doing political oratorio for hire,
discarded things on the labor corner by charging
Schmitz with incurring the juvenile enmity of the
city, to which he responded with asperity. Then it
turned an offensive tune upon Mr. Crocker, giving
him demerit marks in regard to his reformation of
the vintage interest of the State. Mr. Crocker does
not have to pay any attention to this and other un
pleasant music, for whenever such airs are played on
the organ others, like Mr. Sbarboro and the grape
planters, rise, and vindicate him in such plain state
ment that the Republican Committee really owes the
organ something for giving them the chance.
As Mr. Crocker's campaign is addressed to the
business sense and local patriotism of San Fran
cisco, he docs not have to indulge in personalities.
So that sort of campaigning is left to Lane and
Schmitz. and they make it really interesting. Mr.
Lane, in a moment of paternal pride, took the public
into his domestic confidence by introducing his
bright and interesting boy into the fight as a native
son. With a husky "ha! ha!!" Mayor Schmitz coun
tered on Lane's single native son with three of his
own. This agitated the Democratic corner of the
triangle. It seemed to Lane a blow below the belt,
since it suggested a disadvantage that he cannot re
pair in the brief period of the campaign. But he re
covered his vocabulary and proceeded to introduce
the Trojan horse into the fight, and that celebrated
charger is now prancing through the field, wooden
head and tail up, scenting the battle at short range,
filled with something which Lane hints is detrimental
to the city. Probably it's'bots. The followers of
Mayor Schmitz resented this horse on their candi
date by burning red pepper in Lane's next meeting,
and his followers and admirers sneezed at his impas
sioned periods and had to cough up their applause.
It will be seen at a glance that these things indi
cate the pungency of the anti-Republican campaign.
To step from boasts of paternal qualifications to
p*pper is next thing to a breach of the peace. Let
us hope that the rapid progress from the census to
capsicum may not indicate a physical collision be
tween the two champions of personality. At present
Mr. Lane stands in the attitude of crying from the
housetops, "Schmitz threw red pepper at me, there
fore I am the only man who should be Mayor."
And from Schmitz' corner comes the answering slo
gan, "He called me a wooden horse, therefore I am
the only tried and true."
These be the diversions of the campaign, but while
Lane oscillates between Homer and the Scriptures,
the siege of Troy and Solomon's temple, and Schmitz
spits on the keys of his oratorical fiddle and screws
up the strings to make strident answer to the dia
pasons of Lane's evening organ, and the people are
amused, the campaign of Mr. Crocker proceeds on
the lines of present reason and future righteousness
toward the judgment to come on both of his un
ruly antagonists.
SOME ANSWERS
TO QUERIES BY
CALL READERS
SAN MATEO
WOMEN PLAN
FLORAL FETE
PRESIDENT
REMOVES UNITED
STATES MARSHAL
family of boys, all given to the gun habit, by repeat
ing these incidents they can leave the old folks *well
fixed. It must be noticed that even if Governor Ter
rill pardon the boy, or commute his sentence to im
prisonment, still the great State-of Georgia must
keep faith with old Mr. Caruthers and pay him the
$150 due for bringing the lad in.
No report of the boy's opinion of the affair comes
to hand. Judging the family by the old- man, it is.
probable that he too much enjoys the process '. of
being fed and fattened for the hangman to have any
opinion beyond his victuals. The neighbors are
silent, too. None of them rushes into print to tell
how much they enjoy the society of the elder
Caruthers. He may be an object of envy as he
comes in triumph jingling in his pocket the price of
his son's life. Prophets foretold that this century
would be remarkable. They are right, and so far its
most remarkable product is the Caruthers family of
Wilcox County, Georgia.
SOME MORE ISSUES.
THE SAN FEAXCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1903.
A Western boy bandit is no longer the dream of
the wild-eyed youngsters of the kindergarten, but a
very . disagreeable reality recently captured in Ore
gon. He is a trifle too big~ to spank, too young to
be punished as a criminal, and altogether useless and
unnecessary in the general scheme of things
The unknown demons that are using dynamite with
which to wreck railroad trains in the Middle West
belong to that dread pest which has grown out of
twentieth century deviltry in absolutely motiveless
malignity. For such fiends American legislators
have not yet invented a punishment severe enough,
for death 15 mercy to those that conspire without
motive or sense of injury against mankind.
At a recent address, delivered to the students of
the Chico High School Governor Pardee urged his
youthful hearers never to burn the midnight oil at
the expense of health. Is this an assault upon Cupid
or Minerva, or has our estimable chief executive in
mind the fact that the sturdy students of Chico will
soon be voters and will remember him who tried to
make easy their days of studentship?
It is said that Governor Terrill is bothered about
the matter. One thing is sure, however — the reward
should be paid to the father. When it was offered a
contract was entered into by the State, and the old
man was not excluded from its benefits. If he think
the best use for his boy is to hang him and thereby
make him contribute to the family fortunes, the State
cannot discriminate against him. If he have a large
IN Wilcox County, Georgia, has appeared a modern
Roman, with variations. His name is Caruthers.
His son carried a gun and had occasion to use
it, with results fatal to a fellow citizen. That is not
an unusual circumstance in that part of the country.
It was perhaps unusual, however, that the' junior
Caruthers was convicted by a jury for his skill as a
marksman and was sentenced to die on the gallows
tree. As that sort of exit was distasteful to him,
he bVoke jail, went into hiding and became a fugitive
from justice. Then the public authorities proceeded
to appraise the value of his victim at $150 by offering
that sum to any one who would bring the culprit
in to be hanged.
To long distance observers it looks hardly worth
while to hang any one for whom so small a reward
is offered. If the man who was shot was worth so
little, why add it to the cost of hanging the shooter?
But small as the amount was it brought the fugitive
back to jail. It may not be considered <remarkable
that some one was found willing to turn an honest
penny by giving the hangman a job. But it is re
markable that the fugitive was given up by his own
father. If the affair stopped there the world might
turn it into an heroic incident, and the father would
figure as putting the laws of his country above his
natural affection for his son, and higher even to the
family aversion for having one of its members
hanged. But old Mr; Caruthers does not leave room
for such heroic ascription. He delivered his sot$ to
the hangman, claimed the reward of $150 and hastened
to explain that the boy was a fugitive and likely to
starve to death, and that it was better to be hanged
with a full belly and let the family make a little
something.
To carry out this remarkable thrift the public
authorities ought to raise the amount of the award
by charging gate money to see the boy hanged, and
making the father gatekeeper to collect the receipts.
This would save the taxpayers and would make the
young man do something for the family in his last
moments.
A THRIFTY ROMAN
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by t&*
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 220 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1042. •
6
LOVE'S VICTORY
AT THE POLLS
The Call's Cook Book prem-
ium offer will close on October
30, 1903, and all readers of this
paper who desire a copy of this
household treasure should not
fail to place their order im-
mediately.
This splendid premium will
be offered to Call subscribers at
the exceptionally low rate of
fifty cents per copy. Out of
town orders twenty cents ad-
ditional to cove- prepayment of
transportation charges.
COOK BOOK OFFER TO
CLOSE OCTOBER 30.
OFFICIAL Kansas is all amazement over a new element that
has just obtruded itself into American politics and — won out.
Official Kansas is investigating, but meantime the women of
an entire State are seeing to it that their triumph of the last few
weeks is maintained and the cause of true love holds full sway.
They fought in a way peculiarly feminine for their right to receive
their lovers and to be wooed and won and married when, where and how
they pleased. The men fought against it, but the women won. and in
pursuance of that victory they dragged the defeated candidates out of
office by main force. Hence official Kansas' perturbation. Hence,
too, official Kansas' effort to keep the facts quiet until it gets full
and final report of this astounding condition of affairs. Meantime Hv-
men rules an entire State in a manner never before witnessed in all the
history of the world. The Sunday Call will put you in possession of all
the facts next Sunday, official Kansas' perturbation notwithstand-
ing.
And did you ever read of Delaroo? He was an Indian. He was
more. He was the shadow incarnate of Maje Sampson. He was even
more than that. He was the best railroad character that ever caught
the facile pen of Frank H. Spearman, who is himself the best writer of
American railroad stories in the world to-day. This is Delaroo as
Spearman knew him:
"As long as Maie would talk Delaroo would listen. That single
word was, in fact, the key to Delaroo; Delaroo was a listener: for that
reason nobody knew much about him."
And this in brief is one of the most tense moments in all Soear-
man's exciting narrative of Delaroo's career:
"What do I think of it?" muttered Neighbor, when the local operator
asked him for a report for Callahan. "I think there's two engines for
the scrap in sight— and the 264. [Kw« can ever find anything of her— and
about a million sheen to pay for — " Neighbor paused to give an order
and survey the frightful scene.
"And Delaroo.'' repeated the operator. "He wants to know about
If you have been reading Spearman's new series of two-page stories
you will not need even these extracts to keep you on a sharo lookout for
Delaroo in the next Sunday Call. Spearman's stories are the sort that
you never forget. They get a grip on your memory like the mysterious
fascination of railroading itself.
IJowever, Delaroo is onlv one of the big things in the next Sunday
Call, as, for instance. 'The Golden Fetich." It is a new mystery story
—more mysterious even than "The Mystery Box." more exciting than
"Tainted Gold." more surprising by hr than "Brewster's Millions." and
yet containing all the originality of these three and more. You"ve read
them all in the Sunday Call. You know then what solendid oromisc vou
may expect in the first installment of "The Golden Fetich" next Sunday.
Then there is "The End of the Line," by Mrs. Edwin Knowles:
"The Man Who Won." by Edwin Lcfevre: Miss Partington'* Prize
Paris Picture: "The Etiquette of the Coaching Girl." by Madge Moore:
"Education for Success." bv Sir John A. Cockbnrn. K. C. M. G.:
"Me-ows of a Kitty." bv Kate Thyson Marr: a full page of prize photo-
graphs from the Third San Francisco Salon, and — but there is alto-
gether too much to enumerate here. You'll have to see it all for your-
self.The will of the late Phebe Simmons was
tikd for probate yesterday. She leaves
her entire rstate, said to be quite large,
to Charles E. Cowell. executor of th<^ will,
in trust for her daughter, Elisabeth A.
Simmons, and directs him to pay her
monthly such sum as he deems fit. The
estate In the event of the death of Mlsi
Simmons is to go to Cora Walker, nioc«
if the deceased, and in the event of the
latter s death prior to that of Mips Sim
mon* to the heirs at law of the latter.
Leaves Estate in Trust for Daughter.
James Haworth. a pioneer and the first
president of the old California Stage
Company, died yesterday at the home of
his daughter at 234 Carl street. Death
was due to a complication of diseases,
from which the deceased had been Buf
fering for some time.
ll»wo:ih came to the Pacific Coast In
3SO. He engaged in the mercantile busi
"ness in Sacramento and other interior
towns and later became president of the
California Stage Company that runs lines
through nearly every section of the
State. For several years the stage busi
ness prospered, but "* when the railroad
<-r<»8Eed the continent competition became
too strong and the company went out of
existence, Haworth then became perma
nent judge at the old Bay District race
track. For several yeacs past he had
' been employed as conductor at the United
States Mint in this city. He had a host
of friends and was known from one end
of the State to the other in early days.
¦ At the time of his death he was nearly 79
years of age. One daughter. Mrs. C. C.
'VVeiig, survive? him. The funeral service
will be held at Pioneer Hall on Sunday
iiftcrnoon.
James Haworth, Conductor at the
Mint, Passes Away at Daughter'*
Home.
PIONEER STAGE MAN
DIES IN THIS CITY
A mortgage was recorded yesterday cov
ering a loan of $300,000 by the Hibernia
Bank to James B. Lankershim. The se
curity given is the Theater Republic
property, at the corner of Fifth and Jes-
Fie streets, and valuable property situated
in Los Angeles.
Records Big Mortgage.
The next Important construction work
to be undertaken by the engineering de
partment of the Southern Pacific Com
pany in this State will be the broadening
of the tunnels on the narrow guage route
with a view of connecting this city with
Santa Cruz by a third rail. The track on
the narrow guage line now has a third
rail as far as the first tunnel at Wrights
Station. Five tunnels will have to be
overhauled.
Third Rail to Santa Cruz.
The local officials of the Southern Pa
cific Company have received instructions
from General Manager Kruttschnitt. who
is now returning from the East, to hurry
preparations for the opening of the Lucin
cut-off, which will be celebrated about
November 20. As already announced, Pres
ident Harriman is coming West with a
party of New York friends and financiers
to attend the opening 1 , which he is anx
ious shall be celebrated with as much cer
emony as possible.
The railroad magnate has expressed a
desire that his special train shall be the
first to cross the new line and with a
view of gratifying his ambition the offi
cials here have already entered upon elab
orate arrangements. It is part of the
plans to have a large number of promi
nent railroad officials from the coast and
the East at the opening and for their con
venience special trains will be run to Salt
Lake.
Event Will Be a Notable One in His
tory of the Harriman
Lines.
WILL CELEBRATE THE
OPENING OF CUTOFF
One of the most worthless characters
ever caught in the police dragnet was
taken Into custody yesterday on a war
rant charging cruelty to a minor.
"Eric Harvey Leroy" is the name of the
creature against whom the complaint was
sworn by Miss Mabel Turner of 204^ Eddy
street. Miss Turner, who resides with her
mother at the above address, complained
that Leroy had been. In the habit of beat
ing four minoV children of Mrs. II. Brown,
who resided in the rear of 204& Eddy
street.
LEEOY SHIRKS WORK.
On Wednesday last Leroy took one of
the children, Elmer Brown, a pretty boy
of 7 years, and held him out of a two
story window by his cars, telling the
child that he would do the same thing
again "to make him say his prayers."
A warrant was issued by Judge Mogan
and ball was fixed at 1500, and the war
rant was given to Officer McMurray of
the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty
to Children. McMurray and Officer Cul
hnane made a search of the tenderloin
for Leroy yesterday afternoon and finally
caught him in the house occupied by
Mrs. Brown In the rear of 204& Eddy
street.
The statements made by Leroy to the
officers show that he is a despicable crea
ture, shirking honest work and being
supported by the earnings of two hard
working women.
Leroy admitted that he' had held Elmer
Erown out of the two-story window, but
said "he was doing it for fun." He also
admitted that he had struck the children
of Mrs. Brown, but that "he never hurt
them."
According to the evidence collected by
the officers of the Society for the Preven
tion of Cruelty to Children Mrs. Brown
has not given proper care and attention
to her four children. The eldest girl,
Sarah, aged 15 years, is supposed to have
run away two weeks ago on account of
the cruel treatment of Leroy. Mrs. Brown
told a conflicting story to the one given
by Leroy concerning the girl.
Leroy admitted that the girl Sarah
might have run away on account of his
striking her, but Mrs. Browrv'clalmed that
the girl was visiting friends in Oakland.
She could not remember the name of the
family and did not know their address.
The children— Mary, 10 years old, and
Elmer, 7 years— were questioned by the of
ficers, but It was evident that they had
been carefully coached not to answer
questions. They said that Leroy was their
"uncle." The fellow himself claimed that
he .was no relative of Mrs. Brown, and
the woman later on said that Leroy was
her "brother-in-law."
EAKN*> $50 IN A YEAB.
Mrs. Brown says that her husband went
to Alaska six years ago and that she has
not heard from him since. She denied
that Leroy had treated her children cruel
ly, but said that "he might have slapped
them."
Leroy was questioned by the arresting
officers before Mrs. Brown returned to
the rooms she occupied. Leroy stated that
he took many of his meals with Mrs.
Brown and that he roomed in the 'house
five nights a week. When he was asked
where he roomed the balance of the week
he replied that he had a wife living at
501 Post street, but that though he was
separated from her she gave him money
out of her earnings.
He further admitted that he had not
worked steadily for a lono: time, and that
he had not earned 550 since the first of
the year. When he was asked why he.
did not work and why he was rooming
at Mrs. Brown's house he replied that he
had been drinking: heavily for a long
time.
The officers who heard his statements
decided to put a further charge of va
grancy against him and to ask the courts
to give him the full penalty allowed by
law.
It was learned at 501 Post street that
Leroy is known there, but that he never
had a room there.
USED INSULTING LANGUAGE.
Miss Mabel Turner, who swore to the
complaint against Leroy, stated yester
day that Mrs. Brown's children had been
beaten constantly by the fellow. She
said that both *her mother and herself
Insolvent Housewife.
Mrs. Thomas Davis of Los Gatos filed a
petition in Insolvency yesterday In the
United States District Court. She owes
$1347 and has no assets.
Jacob Silverman, Alias Morris Beck
er, Held to Answer Before
Superior Court.
Jacob Silverman, alias Morris Becker,
was held to answer before the Super'or
Court by Police Judge Mogan yesterday
on a charge of robbery in $5000 bonds. He
is only 20 years of age p.nd has well-to
do relatives in Seattle.
On the night of October 8 W. H. Eggles
ton, a miner, was in the dance hall at 519
Pacific street, and during the even
ing went to a room In the rear.
Silverman followed him and, placing
the muzzle of a revolver against
Egglesto.n's abdomen, ordered him
to throw up his ' hands. Eggleston
obeyed, but one of his arms dropped and
Silverman, shoving the muzzle of the
revolver into his mouth, said, "Nope of
that, now: throw up. your hands or I'll
blow your head off."
Eggleston was relieved of his watch and
chain and Silverman ran out of the dance
hall. Eggleston gave the alarm and Po
liceman Robl. who happened to be in the
neighborhood, chased and captured Sil
verman, who had the stolen watch and
chain in his possession.
had warned Leroy as to his conduct and
he made insulting replies.
Charles Brown, the 13-year-old son of
Mrs. Brown, was arrested a few days
ago on a charge of petty larceny. With
another boy he broke into, a cigar store
and /stole some money from a till. The
case is now before the Juvenile Court.
"This man," said Miss Turner, "is a
worthless character. He has hung around
Mrs. Brown's rooms morning, noon and
night and does not work. He has beaten
her children constantly and it finally be
came so bad that I was forced to make
a complaint against him to the police and
swear to a warrant. When he held ffie
little boy out of the second-story window
we thought he would drop the child and
kill it."
Leroy claims that he formerly worked
as a window cleaner and that he had
studied medicine. Mrs. Brown said that
she had known Leroy for some years and
that he had studied medicine for two
years at the Cooper College. Investiga
tion proved both statements to be false.
CHILDREN ARE COACHED.
That the children of Mrs. Brown had
been carefully coached not to speak to
strangers was evident 6y their attitude
yesterday when Leroy was arrested. The
girl, Mary, warned Leroy not "to talk
so much" while he was being questioned
by the officers, and little Elmer said that
"uncle only held me out of the window
in fun."
The neighbors of the Brown family
stated yesterday that the girl Mary was
obliged to do the cooking and washing
for the entire family ami that they were
only sent to school In the last few days,
after complaints had been made to the
mother.
Mrs. Brown works as a janitress and
when the officers went to her rooms yes
terday, the girl Mary was preparing din
ner while the little boy of 7 years was
chopping wood for the stove.
When the officers of the Society for
Prevention of Cruelty to Children in
formed Mrs. Brown that they would take
the children from her she made a scene
by declaring she would not be separated
from them. She begged the officers to
let her keep the children and said she
would look after them and not allow Le
roy to come to her house again.
Leroy was taken to the City Prison last
night in default of $500 bail.
'"Death from chronic morphinism and
chloral poisoning" was the verdict ren
dered yesterday by the Coroner's jury
in the inquest upon the body of Abraham
H." Kohn. who died on October 9 in Aaron
Adler's sanatorium at 1444 Green street.
Kohn was the young Chicago millicnaire
who came to this city with "Dot" Thur
man, alia? Miss Webb, and who repre
sented herself to be his wife. He was
a ph>eical wreck be-cuusc of the use of
morphine and chloral and died during the
first night of his stay in the sanatorium.
According to the denosltton of Philip S.
Jones, a colored trained nurse who had
been in attendance upon Kohn for the last
two years. Miss Thurman informed him
that she had taken Kohn's pocketbook
from under his pillow and that it con
tained JWX) in currency and S2000 in drafts.
Owing to the absence from this State
of ne»:ly all the material witnesses, the
evidence taken yesterday was of a tech
nical medical character, the only enliv
ening incident being a caustic reproof ad
ministered u the management of the
.sanatorium for attempting to make a
mystery of the affair. It was while Aaron
AeMer was on the stand that the Coroner
asked Deputy Mf-ehan why he had net
eubpenaed Mies Dean, a trained nurse
who was in the hospital when Kohn died.
Mr. Meehan replied that Adler had re
fused to give iiim any information as to
the facts of the case or the names of
the nurses in attendance. Coroner Le
land thereupon informed the jury that the
people at the hospital had refused to give
the deputies any information; that the
woman who had represented herself to
be the wife of the decedent had hurried
out of town, and that the suspicious ac
tions of the hospital authorities had given
the case at the outset a very bad look.
Dr. Donald Gedge. under whose care
Kohn had been placed, testified that death
.was caused by chronic morphinism and
paralysis of the heart, the latter having
been caused by the action of chloral upon
that enfeebled organ. Before going to
deep that night Kohn took two and a
half teaspoonsful of "¦dormio." a prepara
tion containing 50 per cent of chloral
hydrate, his usual dose being three tea-
Rpoonsful, or 00 graJns. The decedent was
almost dead when he arrived at the hos
•pital. The woman occupied the room with
him that night and raised an outcry when
she awoke about midnight and found him
dead. She "took on" somewhat, but. in
the opinion of the witness, did not seem
to' take the matter ?o much to heart as a
wife would be expected to.
Chemist Charles L. Morgan told the
jury about his having found a small
quantity of chloral in the stomach of the
dead man. He could not make any tests
for arsenic became the body had been
embalmed with the usual arsenical prep
aration. He thought that death was
caused by the action of chloral.
Morgue Surgeon L. D. Bacigalupi testi
fied In* corroboration of the testimony of
Dr. Gedge as to the condition of the heart
<*f the decedent.
Sanatorium Authorities Are Censured
for Withholding Evidence.
DEATH DUE TO CHXORAL.
Miss Thurman is suffering from nervous
prostration and is able to see no one. ac
cording to the nurse who answers calls
at lier apartment in the Potomac building.
George Trude, her attorney, tays he has
not vet learned what evidence she has to
uffer that the is Kohn** widow.
"1 should not be surprised if it were
found that Kohn owed more than he
possessed at the time of his death," said
«iic of the persona familiar with the case
to-day.
Kohn did not inherit a large portion of
she 12,000,000 estate of his iather. Provis
'. jp.s In the will prevented his getting his
•chare of the millions until ten years after
his fathor's death. Had he lived another
year personal property would have been
•iivided cyuaily among him, his brother
and his four sisters. As it is a petition for
administration filed to-day states that
Kohr.'s estate is not worth more than
$*l,O0O and there are heavy debts against
this.
CHICAGO. Oct. 15.— Instead of a fight
for millions of dollars, Dot Thurman's
<iu«»st for the supposed wealth of the late
\braham Jl. Kohn may dwindle to a hunt
lor cents. Her sensational claims as
widow at Kohn, who died suddenly in San
Francisco last Friday, and her hurried
irip half way across the continent to push
ihem may prove a* vain as a search for
a pot of gold at the end of a rainbow.
Miss Thurman Is Reported to Be
Prostrated and Evidence of
Her Marriage Is Not
Produced.
The judges, who were Hon. Ralph C.
Harrison, Frank Dunne and Percy Long,
had considerable difficulty in choosing the
winning side, but finally the trophy, a
silver cup. was awarded the girls.
Following the debate was a dance, dur
ing which Hunt refreshments were served.
One incident caused considerable amuse
ment. One of the Wilmerding Club
.speaker?, in the course of a most elo
quent denunciation of Immigration, point
ed to Chinatown as an example of the
harm done to San Francisco by immigra
tion. The young lady whose turn it was
to speak next held up Paul Jones as an
example of the good done by immigration.
Immediately the first speaker announced
that th« debate was on the present time
and not the past, to which the young lady
retaliated by calmly reminding her oppo
nent that the exclusion act was passed
ten years ago.
About 7<X) people who attended the de
bate in Golden Gate Hall last evening
left in a quandary as to whether or not
immigration is detrimental to the United
States. The decision of the judges was
that it is not detrimental, but the ques
tion was so skillfully and broadly argued
by both sides as to give the victorious
dub the decision by a very narrow mar
gin.
The debate was contested by the Wil
merding Debating Club and the Lyceum
JJterary and Social Society, both of the
San Francisco Dobatir.g League. The
Wilmerding Club was represented by Wil
liam Holdenreich. Fred Berg and Milton
Clark, who maintained that immigration
was decidedly detrimental to the coun
try, while the Lyceum Society, represent
ed by the Misse? Albrecht, Dinklage and
Braur.stein, proved to the satisfaction of
the committee that rather than a detri
ment the foreign clement is a decided ad
vantage to our Government.
The question was discussed from all
sides, morally, physically, financially and
politically. Each speaker was allowed
lifteen minutes and in two instances, on
the male side it was necessary for the
speaker to take his seat before he had
concluded his argument.
The marriage of the Striinzes took place
October 31, 1900. They only lived together
four months, Mrs. , Strunz leaving him
after thev had quarreled.
Suits for divorce were filed by Harry
P. Roberts against Evallna Roberts for
infidelity, Harriet M. Crane against Fred
S. Crane for desertion, Melota Estrada
Smith against Robert O. Smith for neg
lect, Marie Rice against Charles Rice for
neglect, Etta Hurt against Andrew J.
Hurt for intemperance, B. M. Kroh
against G. H. Kroh for intemperance and
N.0ra Flaherty against E. J. Flaherty for
desertion.
¦Interlocutory decrees of divorce were
granted to Theresa Sorensen from Wash
ington Sorensen for neglect, Lillian A.
Corbin from David E. Corbin for deser
tion, Bula S. Bright from Fred R. Bright
for neglect, Mary L. Walton from Rich
ard H. Walton for desertion, Louise Brit
ton from George Britton for neglect and
Kate Miller from George F. Miller for
neglect. (
Hazel Strnnz, who when she led the
Amazon marches at the Tivoli a few years
ago was known as "Big Hazel," the larg
est chorus girl on the stage, and who is
now known as "Hazel Sanger' No. 2 from
the right" in the Florodora sextet now
playing at tKe Columbia Theater, grace
fully bestowed her six feet of shapely
femininity in the witness chair in Judge
Graham's court yesterday and told his
Honor that she had left her husband, W.
V. Strunz, atid would not under any con
sideration return to him. She said she
was perfectly willing that her husband
should Ret a divorce on the ground of
desertion, so Judge Graham accommo
dated her and gave him an interlocutory
d^ee. The one child of the couple, a
boy who is eighteen months old, and
whom the father has never seen, was
given into the custody of the mother.
Strunz, who is also a member of the
theatrical profession, did not appear. He
was represented by Attorney Charles A.
Lee. Mrs. Strunz, however, was support
ed by three members of the Florodora
troupe— Lillian Gilbert, Julia Coghlan and
J. A. Duncan. They all testified on be
half of Mrs. Strunz, saying that since
they knew her they had never seen her
in the company of Strunz.
Northern California has beaten the
record in getting oranges early into mar
ket. Yesterday the first oranges of the
season came down from J. Parker Whit*
ney, at Rocklin. Auburn County. This em
phasizes the claim that was the basis of
the Thanksgiving citrus fair in the ferry
buNding in this city, that claim being that
the earliest oranges come from this part
of the State. Jay T. Nash, president of
the American Produce Company, says
that this is the earliest record for oranges.
The fruit was sold for 55 a box.
Provisions of Will Postpone
Distribution for Ten
Years'
Admits His Charge and Says
- She Never Would Re
turn to Him.
Holds Little Elmer Brown
* Out of Second Story
Window*' For Fun."
Question Is Well Argued by
Members of Local
Societies.
Estate of Supposed Mil
lionaire Said to Be
Small.
Golden Fruit Comes From the
Whitney Ranch Near
Rocklin.
Orators of the Lyceum
Defeat Wilmerding
Speakers.
E. H. Leroy Is Charged
With Cruelty and
Vagrancy.
Placer County Makes
a Record for Early
Ripening.
She Leaves Husband
arid He Gets De
cree of Divorce.
KOHN CASE
SHOWS NEW
FEATURES
WIN THE DEBATE
ON IMMIGRATION
SUSPENDS CHILD
BY THE EARS
FIRST ORANGES
FROM THE NORTH
FLORODORA GIRL
IS FREE AGAIN
THE SA^ ;FBA1S'CISGO CALL, FRIDAY. OCTOBER 16, 1903.
7
BOY ACCUSED OF ROBBING
MIITER IN "DANCE HALL
DOAN'S KIDNEY FELXS.
Public Prafne la Public Property;
San Franclaco People .May Profit
by Local Experience.
Grateful people will talk-
Tell their experience for the public good.
San ' Francisco citizens praise Doan's
Kidney Pills.
Kidney sufferers appreciate this.
They rind relief from every kidney 111.
Read what this citizen says:
Mrs. Margaret Leech of 112 William
street says: "I cannot begin to tell you
the different kinds of medicine I have
used nor the quantity I took during the
years I have been subject to attacks of
backache. Like I had used many a prepa-
ration in the past when I noticed an ad-
vertisement about Doan's Kidney Pills in
one of our San Francisco papers, I made
up my mind to try the remedy. It acted
just as represented, stopped the backache
and pain in the side, and what Is of much
more importance to me, during the last
six months* I have not had the slightest
indication of a return."
For sale by all dealers. Price, 50 cents.
Foster-Milburn Company, Buffalo, N. Y.,
sole agents for the United States.
Remember the name — Doan's— and take
no substitute.
Vahw D <w' T fA| L to
1 aiUWV gce the beautiful
j COURT Lounging
/I fl fl room, the EM PIRB
tUIU PARLOR, the
n j PALM ROOM, the
liniflQ LOUIS XV PAR-
UI ttHU LOR „,,, tijg LA _
n^ij, DIES' WRITING
Hotels I room-
AMUSEMENTS.
NEVER-ENDING FUN; A KALEIDOSCOPE
OF MAGNIFICENT SCENES,
MARCHES. DANCES.
Excruciatingly Funny.
| "THE PARADERs"!
Our "All-Star" Cast. Including
KOLB AND DILL,
BARNEY BERNARD,
WINFIELD BLAKE,
HARRY HERMSEN.
MAUDE AMBER.
ELEANOR JENKINS.
Reserved Seats — Nights, 25e, 50c and 75c;
Saturday and Sunday Matinees, 25c and 50c;
Children at Matinees. 10c and 25c.
THE THIRD RECITAL, of the Season Will B«
•^ >¦: Given at 3 p. m.,
Saturday, October 17th
——IN——
STBINWAY HALL
MR. PERCIVAL K.. VAN YORX will pre-
side at the piano with the aid of
THE ANGBLUS
The Soloist of the Occasion Will Be
MR. HOMER HENLEY. Barytone.
Complimentary tickets may be had at thi
gtoro any time before the recital. SHERMAN,
CLAY & CO., Kearny and Sutter eta.
BASEBALL!
PACIFIC COAST LEAGUE.
RECREATION PARK.-
—-^•EIGHTH AND HARRISON
CHAMPIONSHIP GAMES.
THURSDAY AND FRIDAY, 3 P. M.; SAT-
URDAY, 3 P. M.
SUNDAY......... ......2:30 P.M.
OAKLAND vs. LOS ANBELES
LADIES' DAYS THURSDAY AND FRIDAY.
Advance Sale, 5 Stockton St
FBAGEBS
[2**!] Double I2*>rl|
Green
Trading Stamps
Given With All Purchases.
A Fefr Friday Specials.
Black Sateen Petticoats.
THIS is one of the big specials of the one-half reduction sale now
being conducted in the cloak and suit section. It is an extraor-
. ;•. dinary good value and is offered as one of Friday's attractions. |
9fic~ Highly mercerized black sateen petticoats, three and four
ruffles; also extra dust ruffle. - Sold regularly at $1.50. Many
other special values from $1.25 to $5.45.
Women's Knit Underwear. I
THESE few will close out a splendid line of knitted undervests.
There has been a tremendous sale on them and to-day will prob-
ably be the last opportunity you will have to secure them at the
following prices: \
33c — Vests made of fine mercerized lisle, with fancy lace yoke
and shoulder straps, run with silk tape. Extra value. £¦
£Qg — A special line of Swiss ribbed silk vests; low neck and no
sleeves; also shield-shape sleeves; finished around neck and
armholes; colors pink, blue and cream. An excellent quality. Worth 75c.
INFANTS' COATS.
$5.00~* n * ants ' long coats; made of Bedford cord; trimmed with'
three rows of liberty ribbon and three rows of Irish point
lace. A very dainty garment for the baby.
Specials in Boys' Clothing.
THESE few lines have been arranged specially for the accommo-
dation of the youngsters. Ample provision has been made for
fitting them, and satisfaction in style, material and fit can be
guaranteed. SUITS. *
$2.50 — Sailor Norfolk suits in blue and pretty fancy patterns;
ages 3 to 8 years. Regular $3.00 values. i
OVERCOATS.
• $2.00~ Re . efer top coats ; a S es 3 to 8 years. Regular $3.00 coats.
Special.
$3*00 — Russian top coats; very durable and dressy; ages 3 to 6
* years. Worth $4.00 regularly.
P 1238-1250 MARKET STi****" |
AMUSEMENTS.
LAST THREE NIGHTS.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
THE WORLD'S MUSICAL HIT.
FLORODORA
LAST TIME NEXT SUNDAY NIGHT.
Beginning NEXT MONDAY,
Robert Edeson
(Manasrement Henry B. Harris.)
In Richar/i.- Harding Davis'
SOLDIERS OF FORTUNE.
Stage Version by Augustus Thomas.
SEATS NOW READY. '.: V-'j
fAbgrORNl/\|
tti LAST TWO NIGHTS. ff*^
EDWARD GARVIE
In Broadhurst & Currie's Musical Farce,
MR.JOLLYOFJOLIET
STTWDAY
The Perennial Favorite,
"IN OLD KENTUCKY."
TWlth Its Famous Pickaninny ,
, Band and Realistic I ff 053
i Horse Race. I jL,,
heatrDI
MONSTERJIEW SHOW!
Colombino; Sisters Bappo; Three
Crane Brothers; Wallace Brown-
low; A. F. Rostow and Golden Gate
Quartet and Fanny Winf red. Last
times of Clayton White and Marie
Stuart Company; Fantzer Trio and
i Wood and Bay.
Reserved Sf-ats 25c|BaIcony 10c
Box Seats and Opera Chairs 50c
GRANDS^
ONLY CLEOPATRA MATINEE TO-MORROW.
LAST TWO NIGHTS
The Burlesque Extravaganza
CLEOPATRA
Bothwell Browne as Cleopatra.
Iff A CLEVER CHILDREN |£ft
I5U IN THE CAST lOU
DDirEC Evenings 15c. 25c, BOc. 75«
I KllC J Matinees 13c, 25c. 5Oo
Beginning Next Sunday Matinee.
THECHRIST1AN
LYRIC HALL,
119 EDDY STREET.
Otto Spamer
s VIOLINIST.
TWO CONCERTS. '
WEDHESDAY, Oct. 21, 8 p. m.
SATUEDAT (Matinee), Oct. 24, 3 p. m.
Assisted by"
MBS. M. E. BLAXTCHABD,
MBS. Ii. SHXDEB JOHZTSOV and
KB. FBEBEBZCX MATXBEB.
Prices of Seats— 50c. $1. $1 50. At Kohler &
Chase's new store, corner Kearny ana Post sta.
AMUSEMENTS.
ALCAZAR"?^
General Manacer.
"THE BEST STOCK COMPANY
EVER AT THE ALCAZAR"
SATS THE CALL.
TO-NlGHT-This Week Only,
A. VT. Pinero's Beautiful Comedy Drama,
Lady Bountiful
Evgr., 25c to 75c; Mats. Sat. & Sun., 15c to BOc.
MATINEES TO-MORROW and SUNDAY.
Next Mon.— Clyde Fitch's Comedy Drama,
THE COWBOY AMD THE LADY.
TIVOLfESS.
(NOTE — rerformances begin at 8 ahara.
Saturday Matinee at 2 sharp.)
TO-NIGHT
and Saturday Nixht.
"MICNON."
Saturday Matinee and Sunday Nirht.
Great Doubla BUI,
•'Cavaileria Rusticana"
and "l*PacliaccL"
NEXT WEEK.
"LA BOHEME" i special vcrdi
and I NIGHT TUESDAY.
"AHORE CHEHIER" | "• Uc $£ a x £S2! *"
Belaaco & Mayer, Proprietor*.
Market it.. Near Eighth. Phone SoutS I3X
TO-NIGHT— LAST THREE NIGHTS.
MATINEES TO-MORROW AND SUNDAY.
Hoyt'a Most Famous Comedy-Drama,
A MIDNIGHT BELL
Presenting the Eminent Comedian,
L.. R. STOCKWBLL
In His Great Original Character of
DEACON TIDD.
Brilliant Cast! Magnificent Scenery!
DDirCC Evenings lOo to 609
rnlVL J Matinees H 10c. 15c. 23o
Monday. October 13— "RANCH 10."
FISCHER AND WACKEE,
AND A GREAT SHOW EVERT AFTERNOON
AND EVENING IN THE THEATER
Inspect "CABARET DE LA MORT. P>
—VISIT THE "MTSTIC MIRROR SIAZE."—
Lion Slaying Baboon in the Zoo.
LOTS OF FUN IN THE PENNY ARCADE.
ADMISSION, 10c; CHILDREN. 5c.
When Phoning A»k for "The Chut»»."
— COTTLOW^
Th« Great Pianiste.
BLUMENFELD. Vlollniat.
LYRIC H^LL.
LAST C0N:SKT TO-MORROW ATIEHS005
Reserved Seat*. 75c. fl. $1 50. at Sherman.
Clar & Co* 3. ¦
G2NEBAL ADMISSION — 50 CE.STS.
TO-BIgST-PSITfBUW CHPaCH. OigLASP.
LECTURES Ajn>_COJrC2rRT3.
STEZ3TWAT HALL.
jjft "The Marconi of the
a^SsWtilfe^^f *E*l With ¦ Experiment! in
' 'ISB&ZzZte&EZtJ Tickets, 23c and "30c.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
I Ew@$i*y Rscniit 1
H is in the army for good. §|
|j l When you want a good smoke get a El
p Save the Bands IINCIDENTS OF THE LACROSSE MATCH AT NATIONAL BALL PARK
YESTERDAY, WHEN THE VANCOUVER TEAM PROVED ITS
MARKED SUPERIORITY AT THE CANADIAN GAME.
PARIS, Oct. 15. — There is no truth in the
report that Mrs. Potter Palmer Is lying heie
serioueljr 111. •
Britt May Be Able to Meet Seiger.
There has been such a decided im
provement in Jimmy Britt's injured foot
that he may be able to meet Seiger
shortly. Seiger will be at Corbett's at 6
o'clock to-night to weigh in. Manager
Greggains will then decide on what he
will do regarding the match.
Rather than return home with their
title in doubt the Irishmen decided to
come here to meet the Vancouver team.
The game takes place at the National
baseball grounds. Ninth and Bryant
streets, to-morrow afternoon, commen
cing at 3 o'clock. It promises to be the
finest exhibition of the- Canadian game
ever seen outside of Canada. It will be the
first time the champions of the east ever
met the champions of the west under a
foreign flag. ,
The Shamrocks of Montreal, the cham
pion lacrosse team of the world, ar
rived from the north yesterday by rail
for their game with the Vancouver team,
which so signally defeated the Tecum
sehs. The Irishmen have been acknowl
edged champions for years, but some
three weeks ago their colors were low
ered by the Vancouvers. A week later
the tables were turned by the champions,
until now each team has one game in
the series of three which will be played to
settle the world's championship^ The de
ciding match was to have been played
in Vancouver the day before the British
Columbia champions were due to leave
for this city to meet Callfornian teams.
It rained that day and the game had to
be canceled.
Will Play the Vancouvers To-Mor
row for World's Championship.
SHAMROCK TEAM ARRIVES.
The members of the Continental Gun
Club opened the - season in an enjoyable
manner- at their Alvarado preserve.
They had an elaborate banquet on Wed
nesday evening, which lasted almost until
it was time to go in quest of the duck.
The members and guests present : were:
Members D. Ostrander, W. Fisher, C.
Rivers, J. Llebert, H. Scribner, G. Smith.
H. Lercke, F. Nicholsen ; guests J. Ran
dall, T. J. Curley, F. J. SIme, C. B. Kauf
man, F.E. Schober.
The season opened with the marshes
about Suisun fairly alive with
gunners. With the break' of day
the fusillade began and * continued
several' hours. On the "preserves
where the best shooting was '¦ ex
pected :; some disappointment was en
countered, owing to the fact that the un
usually, warm weather of the past few
days . caused r the birds to leave the ponds
and go '„ to the ' bay. Notwithstanding f this
drawback, however, ¦ many "good' strings
The ducks will afford great sport on
Sunday, as the conditions are all favor
able.
George Franzen and wife and some
guests had a good day's sport at his. ark.
H. Vollmer, John Walker and Tom
Vincent" also returned heavily laden.
George H. Newman, Fred Stanley, Ed
Mouldrop and C. N. Davis . secured the
limit near Mount Eden. .
The members of the Pastime Club who
were out were: George Carlson, John
Best, Fred Bell. John Castle, . Carson
Lewid, Fanzer, Cook and Johnson.
The majority of the ducks were north
ern birds which undoubtedly came down
with the recent storm. To the sportsmen
their presence here now presages an early
'winter. The birds are chiefly sprig, wid
geon, teal and spooneys. They were all
in good condition.
The seven members of the Spooney Gun
Club secured the limit, the combined bag
being 350 ducks> : Those present were
L R Larzelere.'TDr. E. N. Short, George
Morse, Dr. E. T. Mervy, Rod Guyett, Mr.
Wolf and Mr. Brommer.
NEVER in the history of duck
shooting in California was there
a more auspicious opening day
than yesterday, according to the
heavily laden sportsmen who re
turned last night from their preserves.
There was a gunman every hundred
yards on the Alameda marsh and the
majority of , them bagged their limit of
fifty ducks. Around Alvarado and the
bridges there were countless thousands of
ducks upon which the gunmen could ap
parently make no impression. .. •
Birds Were Never Known to Be So Numerous Be
fore on the Opening Day of Season.
were reported. The birds are plentiful
around the bay, and with the return of
cooler' weather the sportsmen say the
prospects were never "brighter for a suc
cessful season.
Several San Franci3co parties were -at
their respective preserves to-day. The
members of the Pringle Gun Club, Len D.
Owens, Andy Buckley, FYank Maskey,
John Bdurdette and Colonel E. F. Pres
ton, , bagged 120 ducks on the Peyton
ponds. Another party consisting of Dr.
A. F. Derby, Dalton Harrison, Achille
Roos, Colonel McMahon, A. M. Shields,
Louis Titus, F. A. Hopke and J. J. Wirt
ner, members of the Field and.Tule Club,
had a good shoot on their grounds near
Cordelia, killing 265 ducks, mostly wid
geon. \
Otto Feudner, Ed Feudner and C. H.
McBride of San F'rancisco bagged 150 birds
at the Stewart ponds, each securing the
limit. 6
A party of Oakland sportsmen, consist
ing of A. A. Moore Sr., V7,. S. Goodfellow,
Arthur Goodfellow, Wickham Havens,
John C. Klein, Howard Havens, Charles
Wetherbill and A. A. Moore Jr., bagged
about twenty birds each on the Tomas
sini ponds. Herman Oelrichs,' with a par
ty of friends as his guests, had a good
shoot on his preserve at Cygnus.
Among the Suisun sportsmen the fol
lowing bags are reported: Herman Per
kins and J. C. Murphy of the King Gun
Club, 82; "W. H. Bryan, Leonard Prior,
George C. Gordon, J, L. Emigh, H. Dink
elspiel, C. H. Downing and A. "W. Olf, of
the Armijo Gun Club, 50; Lewis Pierce,
Charles B. Elliot and Harvey Dulton, 72,
on the Boynton ponds; Jack "Wilson, Ed
Whitby, Guy Stewart and Don Reeves,
110, on the Stewart ponds; Dr. J. J.
Pfister and Walter Cooper, 25; Gene Losh
and Jake Anderson, 40; Dr. S. G. Brans
ford, J. D. Cerkel and H. B. Muzzy. 145;
"Jack Morgan and Sheriff James A. Keys,
60; Tom Grennan, Tim Corcoran and Bob
Waterman, 150; Fred Rush' and Dr.
Everts Downing, 35.
Louis Titus, owner of Joice Is
land, containing about 3000 acres,
is putting his grounds In condition for a
preserve which, when completed, will be
one of the best preserves in the State.
This he will preserve for the private use
of himself • and friends. Mr. Titus has
postponed the first shoot of the season on
Joice Island until Sunday.
Fitzsimmons En Route West.
Dick Adams received a wire from, Bob
Fitzslmmons yesterday in. which the Cor
nishman said he would "arrive on the
20th" inst. He asked Adams to select suit
able training quarters for him.
SPORTSMEITEN ENJOY GRAND SPORT
ON THE MARSHES AFTER DUCKS
By the Chicago Inter Ocean.
First race — Tancred, Major Dixon,
Bendon Caldwell.
Second race — Harfang, Testimony,
I>etennination.
Third race — By Ways, Luralighter,
Major Tenny.
Fourth race^ — Golden Rule, Tarn
O'Shanter, Mary McCafferty.
Fifth race— The Hebrew, Go Be
tween, Dungannon.
Sixth race — Lampoon, Mamselle,
Ponca.
WORTH SELECTIONS.
Third race, one and a sixteenth miles. han
dicap—Our Bessie 100. His Eminence 105, Lu
rallghter 98. By Ways 96, Major Tenny 9S. Al
fredo 95, Huzzah 94. Albert F. Dewey 92 (By
Ways and Tenny Hlldreth entry).
Fourth race, five furlongs — Grand Opera 116,
Mary McCafferty 9". Golden Rule 113, JIcGee
112 Whisky King 111. Introductor 104, Mayor
Johnston 101, Filly Deck 97. Tribes 97, Tarn
O'Shanter »7 (Mary McCafferty and Grand
Opera Hildreth entry).
Fifth race, one mile, selling; — Go Between
105. Ryevale 104, Oleometer 100, Pond 100, The
Hebrew 100, Dungannon 97, Establish 97, Ar
nold K 95. Soldier of Fortune 05, Silver Spin
ner 92. La Chaperone 92.
Sixth race, seven furlongs, selling — Pronta
109. Belle of Milford 107. The Stewardess 107,
Wortlunirton 107. Ledus 107, Nellie Bawn 107,
Satchel 107 Lampoon 105, Sidney Sabath 105,
Tioga 105. Paul Whaley 104. Bab 102, Mam
selle 101. Ponca 101, Marlin 01.
Second race, five furlorgs — Formaster 113,
Chockayotte 110, Testimony 110. Harran* 10S,
Foresight 10S, Beneficent 108. Martius 108, St.
Paula 105. Pat Hammor. 105, Maggie Leeber
105. Determination 105. King Croker 103, Tro
gan 100 Viola 100, Annora J 100, Belle Juar.
1C0.
CHICAGO, Oct. 15.— Entries:
Firet race, one and a sixteenth miles, sell
ing—Bard of Avon 109, Homily 107. Alee 104,
El Ghcr 102, Benson Caldwell 102. Major Dixon
100 Mandamus 102. Sweet Tooth 100, Tancred
1C0. Frank M 97.
WOETH ENTRIES.
Norman... Goal .....Jones
Reynolds Point ......Carroll
Yorke Cover point Burden
Barr. .First defense Degan
Allen Second defense. ; Lynch
Morrison. Third ¦ defense. ... ..;... .Judge
Mattheson Center Lyons
Murray , .. . .Third home. . ....... .Theberg
Cowan ...... .1 . . .Second home. Petersen
Cao. .First .home....... Coutts
O'Brien Outside home. ...... .'Williams
Godfrey ..Inside home...., .Lyons, M. J.
• The following were th© officials of £he
day: Referee, T. D. Brennan of the Sham
rocks of Montreal; umpires— A. E. Suck
ling and E. Robinson; field captain of
Vancouver, J. A. Smith; field captain of
Tecumseh, M. J. Tansey; timekeeper, H.
J. Trihey, president of the Shamrock
Athletic Club of Montreal, Canada.
I A large number of spectators, most of
whom were ladles, watched - the game
with great interest, manifesting much en
thusiasm at the .clever play. The players
and their positions were as follows:" -
: Vancouver, B. C. Positions. Tecumseh, S. F.
Grounds at Ninth and* Bryant
streets. The score was 12 goals to 6. The
team, work and passing of tha Vancouver
men was decidedly superior to the play
of their opponents, who acquitted thern^
selves well, considering: the long practicl
and experience of the winners.
William Greer Harrison, president of
the Olympic Club, placed the ball for the
"face-off" at 3:18 p. m. After a rush on
the "Vancouver goal the visitors obtained
possession of the ball and by clever pass
ing from man to man worked it up to
the Tecumseh goal, Cao putting it
through in less than one minute from the
commencement of play. Score: Van
couver, 1; Tecumseh, 0. After a few min
utes' play the ball was carried in to the
Tecumseh goal again, Godfrey putting it
through in 3:50. Score: Vancouver, 2; Te
cumseh, 0. Mattheson obtained a third
goal for the Vancouver team. The fourth
goal was made by Peterson, second home
of the Tecumseh team, and the first quar
ter ended with the score: Vancouver, 3;
Tecumseh,
Soon after the beginning of the second
period Coutts obtained a second goal for
the Tecumseh team. Score: Vancouver, 3;
Tecumseh, 2. Before the close of this
period O'Brien made another goal for the
visitors, the score standing: Vancouver,
4; Tecumseh, 2. The home team, had- the
best of the play in this period.
After eight minutes thirty-five seconds'
play in the third period Coutts scored
again for the Tecumsehs, the score stand
ing: Vancouver, 4; Tecumseh, 3. Cowan
of the Vancouver team was" struck over
the eye during the play and retired, re
turning soon with his eye bandaged.
O'Brien scored the next goal for the visit
ors, making the score: Vancouver, 5; Te
cumseh, 3. This goal was obtained in 1:25.
The ninth goal was made by Cowan, the
score standing: Vancouver 6; Tecumseh,
3. Time, 2:25. Mattheson put the ball
through for the visitors in 4:35, the score
being: Vancouver, 7; Tecumseh, 3.
After the ball had been put into play
again Coutts secures a goal for the Te
cumsehs in 45 seconds. Score: Vancouver,
7; Tecumseh, 4. ' The twelfth goal was
made in 1:35 by Godfrey of the Vancouver
team. Score: Vancouver, 8; Tecumseh, 4.
Williams put the next goal to the credit
of the home team in l:lo, the score stand
ing: Vancouver, 8; Tecumseh, 6. M. J.
Lyons of the Tecumsehs scored another
goal for his team in^ 3:05. Score: Van
couver, 8; Tecumseh, 6. Cao, after one
minute's play, added a goal to the Van
couver score, making it read: Vancouver,
9; Tecumseh, 6. In 1:10 a tenth goal was
added in favor of the northern team, the
score reading: Vancouver, 10; Tecumseh,
6. After playing for 5 minutes 40 seconds
Vancouver secured another goal, the score
reading: Vancouver, 11; Tecumseh, 6. In
4 minutes 25 seconds Cao put the ball
through the Tecumseh groal again, the
fourth period ending: Vancouver, 12; Te
cumseh, 6.
THE Vancouver, B. CV, lacrosse
team defeated the Tecumseh team
of San Francisco yesterday after
noon on the National Baseball
Visitors Show Marked
Brilliancy of
Play.
BBIGHTON ENTRIES.
NITIV YORK. Oct. 15— Entries:
Firrt race. Fix furlongrs, two-year-olds —
Naughtv Lady 103. <3raziallo 115. Outcome 112.
Sir Carter 109. Moharib 115, Raider 99. Palm
Bearer 110, Cedar Rapid? 99, Adriutha 99,
Rapid Water 122, Wotan 122, Flammula 112,
Jasper 109, Palette 1(X>, Flagstaff 112, Boba
dil 112.
Second race, one and a elxteenth miles —
Eugenia Burch 114. Duke of Kendal 116. Palm
Benrer 100. River Pirate 110. Stolen Moments
99. Tribe* Hill 95. Oarrnan 111.
Third rare, rix furlongs, celling, two-year
r.lds — Gold Tip 97. Toi San 99. Valour 109, Fort
Plain 104. Banderilla 94, Golden Drop 105,
Emergency OC. E. C. Runte 97. Judge 87. Gold
en Mineral P9. Ruth Parrish 94. Hiawatha 102
Short Cake 84. Wlskayuna. 103.
Fourth race, one mlla and a furlong, handi
cap — Duke of Kradal 123. Injunction 121.
River Pirate 118. Stolen Moments 109, Oars
man HR. Coloneay 95, Gold Bell 86, Bar le Due
80, Sir Roche 90.
Fifth race, six furlong*, selling— Van Nes*
115. Nine Spot 108, Red Dameel 114. Little
Jack Homer 105, Neither One. 110. Black Fox
115. Half a Hundred 105. Caledonlte. 105. Ducl
tet 1OK. Muzio 105, Oclawaha 105. Saddueee
107. BiBerta 112, Drop o' Rye 100, Sentry 108,
Parisienne 111, Futurita 107. Rightful 103, Or
loff 108. Foxy Kane 108.
Sixth race, one and a sixteenth miles, xnald
«i« — Erbe 107, The Captain 110, Llpton 107,
Fabor 107. Peeper 107. Trepan 107. Phaon 110.
Cloverland 110. Grantedale 107. Aminte 107,
Heir Ar-parent 107. Home Signal 107, Br.llna
107. Mart Mullen 101, Royal Pirate 110. Rol
licking Tar 107. East Kelston 107.
BRIGHTON SELECTIONS.
By the New York TelegTaph.
First rare — Bobadil, Outcome,
"Wotan.
Second race — Palm Bearer, Tribes
Hill, Eugenia Burch.
Third race — Emergency, Valour,
Toi San.
Fourth race— River Pirate, In
junction, Oarsman.
Fifth race— Black Fox, Futuxita,
Eightful.
Sixth race^ — Peeper, Erbe, Grants
dale.
SIXTH RACE — One mile; celling:
Betting. Horse. Weight Jockey. St. % Fin.
5 to 2 — Cursus, 1C4 (Rollak) 3 2 1 2%
13 to 6 — Christine A. 103 (Adkins). 15 2 2
5 to 1 — Sir Launcelot. 117 (Domk) 4 6 3 1
Time. 1:41 3-5. Start fair. Won easily.
Winner. W. McLemares' b. g. by King Eric-
Eccenana, Mary Lavana 105. Jet 97, Prodigal
Son 104. Custus 101, Rosie_ Dillon 92, also
ran.
Time. 1:25 4-5. Start fair. Won handily.
Winner. P. Dunne's ch. g. by Bassetlaw-Mod
esty. St. Tammany 105. Olympian 118, Brief
38, Palm Reader 91. Callant 106. also ran.
FIFTH RACE — Seven furlongs; handicap:
Betting. Horse Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
9 to .'?— Toah. 112 (Adkins) 3 2 1 h
11 to 2 — Jack Ratlin. 107 (Bonner) 5 12 1
S to 1— Sidney C. Love, 102 {Rob
bins) 2 4 3 1>4
Fo'lTRTH RACE— Five and a half furlongs;
Oaklawn stakes:
Betting. Horse Weight. Jockey. St. «i Fin.
11 to 10— Auditor. 121 (Wonderly) 1 2 1 nk
11 to 5— Dk-k Bernard. 121 (Hall) 2 12 7
CO to 1— Clangor 10S (Williams). 4 4 3 1
Time. 1:00. Start fair. Won driving. Win
ner, S. S Brown's b. c. by Ksher-Alcestis.
Flo Bob 121. English Lad 125. Harfang 113,
AMsta 110, also ran.
THIRD RACE — One and an eighth miles;
selling:
Betting. Horse >Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
9 to 5— Carat.- 102 (Wilson) 0 11^
T to 1— Eda Riley, 104 (Wolff).... 5 3 2 2H
9 to 2— Louisville. 100 (J. Booker) 7 2 3 1
Time 1:52 3-5. Start good. Won handily.
Winiifr J. McAllister & Co.'s b. g. by King
Rpgcnt-Mlss Knight. Alfred C 106, Fingal
107. Blucmlnt 95, Antolee 104, Lady Chorister
104. also ran.
SECOND RACE— Six furlor.gf; purse:
Betting. Horse Weight. Jockey. St t »4 Fin.
18 to 5— ARgie Lewis. 97 (Robbins) 3 2 1 n
15 to 1 — Santenomo. 10U (Williams) 7 3 2 2
13 to 5 — Bay Wonder 115 (Ferrell) 2 1 3 1V4
Time 1:13 2-5. Start fair. Won driving.
Winner S S. Brown's b. f. by Pirate of Pen
zance-C:ceiy. The Den 110, Toproll 107.
Barkelrr.ore 110. Alamode 94. Beautiful and
Best 113. also ran.
CHICAGO, Oct. 15— Captain S. S.
Brown's, same colt Au.litor, with 321
pounds up, won the Oaklawn stakes at
Worth to-day in a hard drive with Dick
Bernard, which he beat a neck and set
a new track record of 1:03 flat for live and
a half furlongs. Auditor was badly cut
off at the head of the stretch. Wonderly
attempted to slip through on the rail, but
Hall pullcrl !n on him, forpins Auditor to
pull up .and take the outside. He closed
with wonderful gameness in the last
eighth and got up in time to win by a
neck, moving away at every stride.
Auditor was favorite, backed from 7 to
5 to 11 to 10, with Dick Bernard second
choice at 11 to 5, backed from. 5 to 2.
Four favorites and two second choices
won. The track was never better and the
weather was cloudy. The attendance was
below average. Summary:
FIRST RACE — One and an eighth mllee;
selling: . .,';™ :
Betting. Horse Weight. Jockey. St. "* Fin.
13 to 5— Attllla.' 101 (Pollak) .... 1 3 12%
8 to 1— C.uadalqulvfr. U7 (Philips) 2 12 2
« to 5 — K«d Cliff. 100 (Bonner)... 3 2 3 0
Time 1:5*. 2-0. Start good. Won easily.
Winner H. T. Grlfnn's ch. g. by Knight of
Ellei-slie-Fur'.ano. Snowdrift i»7. Boundary 9<.
•Sprlngmad 1W<. Florence H 100, Beaugard 104,
also ran.
Special Dispatch to Th» Call.
Time 1 :48 1-5. Start fair. 'Won ridden out.
Winner. J. V- Astes' ch. f. by Ornament-Cha
rity. Iiathbridt 91, Lady Knighthood «•»,
Aminte 103, Queen Elizabeth 108, Satora 101,
&!so ran.
SIXTH RACE — Selling, maidens, flllles and
mares, one and a sixteenth miles:
Betting. Hoire, Weight, Jockey. 6t. % Fin.
R to 1— Widow's Mite, !»2 (Desouza) 5 4 12
4 to 1 — Channel. 00 (J. Jones) 8 6 23
« to 5 — Bolina. 102 (Gannon) 6 3 3 1%
FIFTH RACE— Selling, two-year-olds, six
furlongs:
Bf ttine;. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. »4 Fin.
7 10 2 — Sourire. lOo (O'Neill) S 1 1 5
IT, to 1 — Bob Murphy, 105(Desouza).ll 6 2 nk
2 to 1— Monet, 107 (Fuller) 7 5 3 nk
Tim*", 1:14. Start fair. Won easily. Win
ner. J. Garson'f b. g. by Henry of Navarre-
Sourcante. Sailer Knot 110. The Bowery 97,
Pique 10S, Etroma M. Tender Crest 94, Nine
Pin 102, Gypsy Ben 34, Sneer 96, Anna Hast
ings 94. Edna Edwarfs 93, Ganzevort 102. St.
Jolly 97. Wizard 116, Tomahawk 105, also ran.
Time 1:1.12-5. Start fair. Won driving.
"Wir.nt-r C F. Hill's b. h. by St. Saviour-Or
lle. Kir.g Pepper 107, Cinquevalli 10S, De
murrer 103, also ran.
FOURTH RACE— The Jamaica Selling
Stake?, six furlongs:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. * 4 Fin.
» to 2 — Gay Boy, 110 <OXeilD... 1 1 1 nk
6 to 1 — Insold. 10G (Desouza) 5 3 2 4
6 to 5 — Ascension, 108 (Higg-ins). 4 4 3 1
THIRD RACE— Handicap, all ages, one and
a quarter miles:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
?i to it — OnuKh-natvaga. 12<; (Odom) 3 :i 1
t to 1— Sheriff IJell. 103 (Rcdfern) 1 4 2 1>4
12 to 1 — Wyefield, VIS (Desouza). . . 4 13 3
Time. 2:07 2-5. Start good. Won driving.
¦Winner. W. Ha>-ward Jr. s ch- h. by CUXtoru-
Latosca. Surmise 101 also ran.
SECOND RACE — Selling, three-year-olds, six
t urlcr.Ks :
Benin?. Horsp. Weight. Jockey. St. \ Fin.
1 to 2— High Chancellor. lllfONeil) 3 3 12
16 to 5— Toucan. 11C (Bullman) 1.1 2 3
40 to 1 — Pnncc Ching. 1CS (Gray)... 2 4 3 4
Time. 1:13. Start fair. Won driving. Win
ner, J. A. Drake's b. c. by Odd Fellow-Leona
tus Mare No. 2. Counterpoise 10S, Princess
Tulanc 10S. St. Daniel 111. also ran.
Time, l:4y. Ftart lair. Won driving. Win
ner, J L Hayrr.an's br. h. by Fordham-Annie
G Guy Park 109. Cyrano 103, All Gold 1CS.
Spring Silk 100, Mary Worth 103. The Dancer
Hi3 bf-mper tlna 10.". Zadok »0. Squid 92.
Trillando 103. Cioverland 101, Vitellino lOo.
alFO r&n.
Caughnawaga warmed up very gingerly
in the third race, and many "rail birds'
laid against him, but he won after a
came struggle, although Sheriff Bell's
electric rush near the finish was terrify
ing for a moment to these who had bet
on Sanford's horse. Redfern had difSculty
in preventing Sheriff Bell fouling Wyefleld
in the last furlcng. Summary:
FIRST KACE— Selling, one and a sixteenth
liming. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
Even— Cfcrtar. 112 (Hicks) 11 5 1 h
100 to I " Til Pliwrli. 90 <\V.Fischr) 4 12 2
8 to 2— Ciue Victor. lCJ (Mul
hollandi - 2 4 3 *i
BRIGHTON BEACH RACETRACK,
fct. 15. — O'Neill awoke with a rush and
,cde three winners to-day. He had almost
exhausted the patience of many who had
been extolling h!s ability as a rider and
excusing: some of his defeats on the score
of hard luck. Although he won on High
Chancellor his work on that colt was none
too good, for he took dangerous liberties
with him. O'Neill's other winning mounts
were Sourire and Gay Boy. .
Special Dispatch to The Call
Sheriff Bell Is Outgamed by
Caughnawaga in a *
Handicap Affair.
Cut Off and Forced to Pull
• Up, He Finally Wins
Gci~g Away.
First With High Chan
cellor, Sourire and
Gay Boy.
Captures the Oaklawn
Stakes in Spite of
Interference.
O'NEILL PILOTS
THREE WINNERS
AUDITOR SCORES
AFTER GAME RUN
VANCOUVER LACROSSE TEAM PROVES VICTORIOUS
OVER TECUMSEHS OF THIS CITY IN EXCITING GAME
ILOILO'S TROTS
CAUSE SURPRISE
BRANCAS WINS
UNDER A PULL
A Change of Drivers
Works Wonders at
Los Angeles.
Colt Earns Purse in Six
Furlong Sprint at
St. Louis.
The Attendance Good at the
Track, bat the Betting
Slight.
Large Fields and a Dearth of
Class Are Features of
the Day.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 15.— Racing at the Fair
Grounds to-day was of the ordinary kind,
the fields being well filled, but sadly lack
ing in class. The fourth evenr, a six- fur
long sprinting affair, attracted the most
attention. It was won by Brancas. * to
5 in the betting, in handy fashion. He
was nicely ridden by Jockey Austin, who
kept his mount in a good position nntil
the stretch was reached, when the Gcrst
colt came away with impressive ease and
won pulled up.
The weather waa cloudy and threaten
ing and the track felow. The attendance
was fair. Summary:
FIRST RACE — Five and a half furlongs;
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
8 to 5— Judge Denton. 93 (Austin) 2 1 1 *
25 to 1— Soufrlere. 100 (Miller) 4 3-4
20 to 1— Susie Letcher. 109 (Llv- -_¦¦.
insston) " 5 *_J3
Time 1:12. Start good. Won easily, din
ner. J. C. Milam & Co.'s ch. g. by Russell-
Princess Royal. Sworn 90. Optimo 114. Bugle
horn 93. General Prlgg 112. Handzor 98. Ben
ton 03. Harry Beck 104. Capitol 90, Offset 109,
also ran.
SECOND RACE— Five furlongs; selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. ?i Fin.
12 to 1 — Wojisy Weinerd, 105 (Say
efa) 2 6 1 nk
8 to 1 — Our LUlle 1C3 '(Llvingstn)lO 2 2 1%
11 to 5— Bird Pond, 105 (Foley)... 7 5 S 2
Time, 1:00. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner* T B Burnett's ch. f. by Lepremier-Belle
Hardy." Latoila 1C0, Overhand 105, Cardona
105 Always Faithful 105. Zama 100. Enigma.
100* Oriveta 105 Comora 110. Lady Fonse 105,
Lady Wheelock 100, Hoedown 100, Minnie
Johnson li>5. also ran.
THIRD RACE— Five and a half furlongs;
felling: ¦_
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
6 to 1 — Wellesley 114 (Watson). . .10 2 12
2 to 1 — Kiowa Chief. 93 (Living
ston) 4 1 2 12
7 to 1 — Dusty Miller. 103 (Smith). 8 7 3 h
. Time l:10&. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, Furney Bros.' b. k. by Wewakus-Pu
ritan Lass. Kittle G 114. Bradley Bill 05,
Tenny Belle 114, Kingsboro 100. Legation 114,
Sartor Resartus 100. Volney 103. Great Star
114, True Blue" 114. also ran.
FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs; purse:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
2 to 5 — Brancas 95 (Austin) 5 3 14
10 to 1— Columbia Girl, 87 (M.
Johnson) 4 1 22
GO to 1— Burke Cockran. 103 (Wat
son) 1 5 3 Vt
Time, 1:17 V... Start good. Won easily.
Winner W. Gerst's'ch c. by Knight of EUers
lie-Bracket. Walnut Hill 90, Elastic 111,
Buccleuth 107. also ran.
FIFTH RACE— One mile; purse:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St t %, Fin.
9 to 2— Glennevis. 100 (Foley) 1112
9 to 1 — Dekaber. 95 (Raynor) 7 2 2 3
6 to 1 — Captain Gaston, 107 (Wat
son) 5 6 34
Time 1:4(1. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner W. Durkee's ch. c. by Tristan-Kenti
gerna. Treacy 105. Athelroy 10O, Jigger 107,
Lady Strathmore 102. Avoid 100, also ran.
SIXTH RACE — One and an eighth miles;
selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. »i Fin.
9 to 2 — Baronet 1OO (Smith) 4 2 14
6 to 2 — Deer Hunter. Ul <Calvit)..10 1 2 h
7 to 1— Hegira, 01 (Gllmore) 9 3 S 5
Time 2:00. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner J.' F. Daniels & Co.'s ch. h. by Prince
Royal-Little Vag. Prism- 94, Ultra Vires »«,
Olonetz J)5 Ecome 103, Eliza Cook 10O. Little
Corker S6] Kusselton 100. Felton 100. also
ran.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 15.— An awaken
ing of the judges disturbed a tete-a-teU
in the free-for-all trot at Agricultural
Park this afternoon. There were only
four starters and the first betting saw
Forest Wi driven by McDonald, a 10 to 7
favorite over the field. It so happened
that McDonald owned Iloilo, the con
tender, over which Hughes, a gre<. n
driver, held the reins.
With the money set right pleasant
weather was encountered by Forest W
in the opening heat, which he captured
handily from Iloilo in 2:17. After this a
squall blew up. A kick wa3 lodged with
the stand by a bettor who took exception
to the handling of Iloilo and Walter
Maben was substituted behind the horse
in place of Hughes. This action changed
the entire complexion of affairs. Forest
W had been stlling favorite after the first
heat, but Iloilo went out and took three
straight heats with ridiculous ease. Be
fore the third heat the winner brought
15 against 4 for Forest W and Lady Madi
son and George W. AIcKinney.
The attendance was good, but the bet
ting was not heavy nor spirited. Cam
baceres, at short odds, was the lonely fa
vorite to land. Owing to the sudden re
versal showm by Loyal S, Bozeznan, who
rode the gelding yesterday, was sus
pended by the judges. The entry of Loyal
S was also refused pending an investiga
tion.
Phyz went to the post a 6 to a favorite
for the first running event, and, without
being afflicted with much speed, finished
third, backed from 5 to 1 to Z to 1. Botany
made all the running, winning almost
easily from Homage, which came up with
a late rush.
In the five furlong scramble following
Loyal S turned a delightfully invigorat
ing somersault. On Wednesday Bozenrm
rode the gelding and his performance was
a buccaneer's dream. To-day at 6 to 1.
with Powell up. Loyal S collared the fa
vorite, Estado, in the run home and was
awarded a nose verdict over Blue Miracle.
Weight and Jockey Maddox -proved
more than Maresa, the 6 to 5 favorite for
the third running number, could nego
tiate. The mare showed speed, but was
unplaced at the wire. Troy looked a win
ner at the paddock, vrhtn Kunz cama
with a rush, the 4 to 1 shance. Thisbe.
getting the decision by a head from
Myrtle H. Troy was third, a neck away.
Down in this country the black horse.
Cambaceres, is a vtritable Hindoo. Powell
had the mount on him again in the mi!e
and a sixteenth selling affair, and at even
money made a cathop of it. scoring hand
ily from Illowaho. The latter was the
runner-up throughout. The show fell to
Searcher.
There were seven starters in the con
cluding dash for two-year-olds and tha
winner turned up in Red Cross Nurse, a
5 to 1 shot. It was a very close fit at the
wire. Pat Bulger losing by a nose only.
F. E. MULHOLLAND.
THE SUMMARIES.
LOS AXGELES, Oct. 15.— Weather fin.,
.rack fast. Summary:
Six furlongs. selling—Botany. 114 (Tullett)
i to 1, won; Hcrr.ase. 114 (Waterbury) 9 to
1. second: Phyz. 107 (Lawrence). « to 5, third.
Time, 1:13. Penance, Miss Vera, Teufel Wa
chusett and Sherry also ran
Five furlongs. selling— Loyal S. Ill <i
Powell). B to 1. won: Blue Miracle. 1<V4
(Knapp). 5 to 2. second: Estado. 118 (See)
4 to 5. third. Time. 1:00*;. Judge Naptonl
Lrbano. RoJtaire. Esternell and King Dellis
also ran.
Six furlongs, selling— Thisbe, 104 (Kunz) 4
to 1, won; Myrtle H. 104 (I. Powell). 6 to 1
second: Troy. 104 (Hilderbrand). 7 to 2. third.
Time, 1:13%. Maresa. and Step Around also
ran.
One and ' a sixteenth miles, selling Cam
bace es. 110 (I. Powell), even, won; Illowaho
112 (See). 2 to 1. <>econd: Searcher. 108 (Hen
derson). 2 to 1, third. Time, 1:47'4. Admetus
also ran.
Five furlongs, selling— Red Cross Xurse 110
fFrawley). 5 to 1. won: Pat Bulger. 11.1 (\
Pico). R to 1. second; Banquero. 1C8 (Water
bup> 3 to 1 third. Time. 1:01%. Charles
Schwelzer. Sol Smith. Annie Marie and Saa
Francisqulta also ran.
LOS ANGELES ENTRIES.
First race. Canfleld stakes. 2:18 pace $K)O—
High Ball. Proctor, Victor Platte. Ira. Pendose
Monroe S, L W.
Second race, purse, six furlongs — Adnor 111
Limber Jim 117, Martin Brady 101. Sherry 98.
Aufjle 101, Honduran 05, Tamm 105
Third race, selling, five and a half furlongs-
Little Secret 111. Red Tip 114. Reina del
Celia 111. El Pilar 111. Esternell 111 Florist*
111. Archilles 114. Minnie R 111.
Fourth race, two-year-olds and up seven fur
longs — Xona B 104. Annie F 102. Dwight War
104. Chileno 104. Ultruda 107, Headstrong- 101
Folonius 108.
Fifth race, two-year-olds, four and a half
furlongs — Durbar 110. Leonada 105. East?r
Lady 105. Atlantlco 113. Eugenia B 110. Met
lakatla 110. Felipe Lugo 108. Fox Lake 113.
Rosserlc 1CS.
Sixth race, mile and fifty yards — Marello lto
Chub 113. Iras 05, Dr. Short 110. TUona 107.
Erne 104.
Hunters' Train.
Commencing October 17th and Saturday*
thereafter until further notice Hunters" Train
to San Jo«e will leave foot of Market street
(via narrow gauge boat) at 9:30 p. m. Return
trip train leaves Los Gatoa at 4:53 p. m.
Sundays. •
ST. LOUIS ENTRIES.
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 15.— Entries:
First race, six furlongs, selling, three-year
old fillies— Shipping Port ICO. Wilhelmina 08.
Sadie Mac 10O, Helen Hay 93, Wine Sap 1)5.
Kufalla 100, Vestry 10S. Marchioness 95. Miss
Gould 05, Caelana ICO. Chlckasha 10O, Noweta
103. Blue Grass Girl OS.
Second race, five furlongs, selling, two-year
olds — Max Rose 10.1, Freckman 104, Henry
Leuhrman Jr 102. Honey Bee 100, Claremont
109, Volney 103. Rusk 103, Frank Collins 107,
Hoofbeat 104. Cap and Gown 101, Rhyme and
Reason 106. Allegrette 104. Tressllllan 106,
Ora McKlnney 100. Bird Pond 101.
ThlftJ race, six furlongs, purse, three-year
olds arid upward — General Prig 103. Wellesley
106. Mallory 103. Doeskin 100. Gus Lanka 100,
Glcrnevis 10.1. King Rose 100. Princess Stone
Mouth , Pierce J 109. Hetzel 103. Lady
Vashti 100, Dolly Gray 100, Second Mate 103,
Golden Glitter 106.
Fourth race, one mils, purse, three-year-olds
and upward — Prosper la Gal 105. John Yerkes
102 Brulare 102, Josle F 102. Croix d'Or 102.
First Mason 105, Little Scout 114.
Fifth race, six furlongs, selling, three-year
old" and upward — Hlndonet 108. Rossfsbne 10S,
Aules 105. Nearest 104. Dr. Scharft 105. Op
tional 102 Miss Manners 99. Sid Silver 100.
Oiales 1(>O, Maverick 96, Will Shelly 103. Tom
Collins 109.
Sixth race, one mile and seventy yards. Bell
ing, three-year-olds and upward — Latson 101.
Sweet Charity 06. Morris Volmen 104. False
9ti Pyrrho 0U, Kinsstelle OS. Weird 101. Bar
rica 104. Alborac 101. La.?y Draper 99. Ooo Goo
02. One More 101, Revenge Dare 101, Optimo
104, Cogswell 105.
ST. LOUIS SELECTIONS.
By the New York Telegraph.
First race— Vestry, Blue Grass
Girl, Wine Sap.
Second race — Frank Collins, Henry
Leohrman Jr., Ho of beat
Third^vxace — Dolly Gray, Gus
Lanka, Lady Vashti.
Fourth race — First Mason, John
Yerkes, Brulaxe.
Fifth race — Maverick, Miss Man
ners, Dt. ScharfC.
Sixth race — Pyrrho, Cogswell,
False.
Oct. l&>*The Oakland
Wheelmen met Tuesday night and elected
as officers A. T. Smith, John Mauer, Wil
liam Cluff. C. L. Mclnemey, C. M. Bul
lock, Al Gilbert, W. H. Kidwell, William
Greaves, M. M. Moffltt and William Sin
clair. Two of the club's crack riders, An
drew Roberts and William Hampshire,
have been lost, they having joined the
Bay City Wheelmen.
Wheelmen Hold Election.
Stott Will Captain the Freshmen.*
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Oct. U._
Edwin Plowden Stott of Portland was
elected captain of the freshman football
eleven by his team-mates to-night. There
were two candidates for the position,
Stott defeating G. E. Dole by the vote of
20 to 7. Stott plays quarter-back and is
one of the fastest players in the '07 team.
He captained the Multnomah Athletic
Club baseball and football teams last
year and was also captain of the Portland
Academy team. Stott is a member of th«
Zeta Psi fraternity.
SPORTS OF THE RUNNING AND TROTTING TURF, THE BASEBALL DIAMOND AND THE LACROSSE FIELD
THE SAN FRAK CISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 16, 1903.
8
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"Fairly Sparkling in Beer Goodness"
OF BEER, DECLARE
Superior from all points of
view; Focesslagr absolute pur-
ity, proper age and Honest
riarcr. Adapted to all tastes
according' to Brew r.ad Brand.
EXPORT WESER PEIYATE STOCK MUEHCHEHER
Ask for "BLATI" at Club or Bar.
TiL BLiTZ BEEflHG CO., MILWAUKEE
Braunschweiger & Co., &
5 and 7 ORUMM ST.. San Francisco,
Tel. Main/ 1648. Wholesale Dealer*.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
HAVANA CIGARSHENRY J. CROCKER "AND
THREE OTHER REPUBLICAN
CANDIDATES. ' ;
Swedish Republicans.
The Swedish-American Republican Club
LANE MAKES TWO SPEECHES.
NON-PARTISAN" PETITION.
Fraud, Forgery and Perjury by. Some
y " of the Schemers. •¦
-The petition of; the Non-Partisans that
the; nominees i for tne .various offices -In
dorsed-by-them be placed on'the'mu- 1
nicipal, ballot >: was .sent -back , yesterday
to the person who had filed It with Regis
trar-Walsh.' The following ¦ communica
tion was also sent: 1.
E. A: ¦ Lorpnzo ' Esa. , 836 ¦ Vallejo "street^
Dear ' Sir: ' Under senarate ; cover. I return " th«
petition of the Non-Partisan party, as directed
bylSection 1102, - Political Code, for. the reason
that ? there ':¦ are not \ sufficient * signatures : of
electors ' A who !' did not , participate , in • th« pri
mary to entitle paid party to a place on tho
official ballot.:' Respectfully,' .','¦.:. . ¦;?_,-;>
THOMAS WALSH.^ReKistrar of Voters.
At 8 o'clock Wednesday, evening - addi
tional .:' petitions : containing i' 2307 names
were-filed; with, the Registrar, and at '11
o'clock 'more petitions with 400 signatures
were filed.; Ats o'clock the Election Com
mission' met -and .; Registrar
/Walsh ; tn make -an* examination * of the
"signatures v and«, if he; found that "the peti
tions : did '¦ not I contain ; names "of ; 1833
electors " to rnotify^thet representatives of
,the i Non-Partisan /Convention ;that . ; their
petition^had" been denied '¦ and - that their
ticket; would"- not ! be-given a place' on , the
ballot. £ Walsh j immediately 'set his force
of ' deputies \to iwork :and ,"af ter. investiga
tion found* that (out .of a total of 3507 sig
natures; there- were ? 1780 1 that *.were bar
red fromi sleriing- a the '.petition because
they ¦ are's not or ' had 'voted I at
the ; last * fcrimary- election.' J, ; There : were
"still many, signatures > to ', be examined, ! but
the *- number .'-' found ;<: irregular^, made the
total : bona\ fide Vsignatures >" less ithan the
necessary .? two-: thirds iof A the ivotel; cast at
the "•/ last -, gubernatorial i electlon;> or '. less
than 1 1833.' * The ¦- names ' of * dead men were
foundfon, the petition. %?'}¦
Facts' are* disclosed which; tend to show
that j fraud, I forgery,, andj per jury , were re£
sorted; to; In 'order j to* secure * a' DlaceT: on
the •* official jballot'-; for * the ; - so-fcallejj ; Non;
Partisan' nominations.^ Measures"; may; be"
taken "by/ officers 'of *: the^United ; Repub
lican jLeagiie ¦¦¦;. to \ place , the \ matter ibef ore'
the ,Grand j' Jury;: The ? statement ? is made
Greeted by Small Audiences at , Ein
< -tracht and- Maennerbund Halls.
•Franklin K. Lane, the Democratic nom
inee ¦ for Mayor, made two speeches ?last
night. He, spoke first .to the voters ofithe
Thirty-first : Assembly -District' 1 in ; Ein
tracht Hall on .Twelfth street, near,' FoK
som.' The attendance was quite small, 7 orfry
about one-quarter of, the seating capacity
u>f,the hall ; being' filled: f Edward F..Mad- :
den acted Las,; chairman 'of the occasion^
Lane' touched' upon^the, $18,000,000, that; is
,to ' be e'xpended ¦[ for/ improvement ; of ; the
city, during '. the v next '; . two '( .years V ; and
'sought ; to ; impress \ his opinions- upon^hls
/hearers v that i the i Democratic party > was
the ; party, that ; should have ' the say as ; to
how; the; money; should; be spent. ¦
; ; : He stated • that ! there were : two I wings; to
; the : Republican 1 party. "'I One '¦¦ was • the" De
'Young Republican -.wing.'; a 'nd "the other
was - the • Ruef ~ wprkingmen's wlng.VJ He'
"wanted ;,his ! hearera^to >,understand T ithat
;the "officers of the municipality "out at >the
City > Hall v should ', be ;. there to X serve the
people, and 'not V to; jrule-^them'; pother
speakers .were r Edmond \ Gbdchaux; i Oscar
Hocks.'SM^'J.',* Hynes i and : 'Judge j Megan."
'1> ; It', was' nearly; f 10 {o'clock ',when v Lane ar-,
rivftd j at Maennerbund Hall;' where he was
BCbeduledf to 'address !Uhe 3 voters', of ,'the
.Thirty-second ?Assembly, ? District. •; • /
i J Just .before ,hel entered ¦. the' hall' he was
advised by, one of the district leaders to
make 1 sewers a feature of his talk.' He
took up the cue and opened up his second
speech by stating that he was; in favor
of sewers for.that section of the city.and
if the people of- that district, would elect
him he would see that they got the sew
ers. He gave the; Civil Service Commis
sion a hauling over the coals, which met
with* the approval of his auditors. He
' tried to . Impress upon, his hearers that
business men Iwere not necessary in pub
lic offices '.to , run the municipality. He
wanted them to understand that a law
yer was fully capable '¦ and. adequate, to
conduct the office > of . Mayor.'
Darina Parlor of the Native Daughters
of .the Golden West has appointed a com
mittee of its members to arrange for an
entertainment and dance to be given on
the evening of October 22 in Golden Gate
Hall for the purpose of aiding its fund
for the relief of the sick, which of late
has been very ' heavily drawn upon. '
For Darlna Parlor's Sick.
The Dramatic Club of the Young Men's
Hebrew Association of San Francisco will
present the military drama. "Lynwood." |
on October 22 at the Alhambra Theater.
The proceeds of the play are to go to
ward erecting a salt water swimming
tank. The cast of characters is as fol
lows: Victor Blanchard. K. C. Levy; Ed
win/Tarlyle, H. Greenberg; Epenltis Car
ter, L. Marks; Pat .O'Flarity, H. G. Ja
cobson; Lucile Carlyle. Mrs. A. Rush;
Dudley Middleton, Dr. S. R. Levy: Juc*ge
Carlyle, L. B. Jacobs; Uncle Joe, M.
Schabacher; Captain Ransome, D. A.
Miller; Gay Carlyle, Miss T. Stone; Kate
Wllmarth, MJss P. Schwarta. Under the
personal direction of K. C. Levy.
To Give Military Drama.
Finally-. Schmitz : got^ down ; to ',buslness
and v launched ¦; into his brief * speech: :'- He
declared that the, meeting. was 1 a J'gfeat
outpouring and \ that it . predicted '; success
; , The , audience , cheered ", and- the H Mayor
and, Abe- Ruef , blushed,^ but • the^audlence
did not know that a similar presentation
had taken place the previous evening.' The
Mayor kissed the little 'girl: for ! the pres-;
ent and Ruef was^ seen to imake" notes in
his ."expSnse J account * book.". - •;.'
. , MAYOR REPEATS ¦;' HIMSELF. !
James A. Devoto presided, and pending
the arrival of the Mayor/the time was
filled in by songs by the Pierce' Quintet
and a speech by Alexander O Grady, who
lauded Scbmltz and belittled his political
opponents.; • - ¦
When Mayor Schmitz arrived at the hall
he was greeted with cheers and applause,
in which the small boys predominated.
One j man in tha/ hall was determined ,• to'
secure recognition^ from- the' Mayor and'
he Jumped on a chair and: yelled: "The
small boys have had their, chance, now let
us, see what the men can do; let .us give
three cheers t or Julius— I mean Mayor
Schmitz." , '• ' : j v '•¦¦ ¦' ' ,.;/ V- A-V
K The 1 evident reference to Congressman
Julius • Kahn : was '; the : cause • of ;- hearty
laughter,' in which the cheers for Schmitz*
played second. part : •..'. "y. 1 ' .' ••; v 
. When / quiet V was restored;. ..Mayor
Schmitz > was introduced j, fay ¦, the chairman
and he .was given another round of cheer T
Ing by those < present. : ' V '¦' ¦ : '.** : ;' ¦<
.The Mayor had ; barely said. "Ladiea. and
gentlemen"- ;when a 1 ;, little;)maideirVad
vanced on the platf ornv, and ". presented
him with a ! floral horseshoe.',* :
• Three Butchers', unions gave the Mayor
a reception at Butchers' Hall, at Eighth
and Folsom streets, and he was heartily '
greeted by his supporters. They listened
to a brief speech f rom tho • Mayor, "'.-¦ in '
which he thanked them for past support
and hoped that they would rally around
him at the next election.
ADDRESSES RUEF'S NEIGHBORS.
.The biggest meeting addressed by the
Mayor was at Washington Square Hall at
North Beach, under the auspices of the
Schmitz Central Club. The building was
packed to the doors with men, women and.
children. The small boy was present in*
large numbers, this being Ruef's home,
district., , ¦
Mayor Speaks at Three Meetings,
but Says Nothing New.
Mayor Eugene E. Schmitz spoke at
three meetings last night, and Abe Ruef,
his mentor, was busily engaged in figur
ing up the* evening's inroads into the
campaign fund of the Union Labor pai*ty,
which Dame Rumor says Is supplied by
Ruef himself.
Schmitz addressed two gatherings of the
Labor Union party in the Mission and
then hurried across, the city to North
Beach to appear before a gathering called
by the Schmitz Central Club.
While the Mayor's . financial support
seems to be at high water mark, his stock
of campaign speeches seems to be at low,
tide. Ruef supplied plenty of small boys
last night to cheer Schmitz and spent
money recklessly for bonfires, but the
Mayor was ,forced" to repeat the' same
speech' three times and his sentiments
were but an echo of previous 'evenings, .v
At Manzanita Hall, Fourth and Perry
streets, about 200 people were gathered to
listen _ to the Mayor. , W. J. Kennedy of
the Teamsters' Union presided and
speeches were made by Harry Knox,
Michael Coffey, M. F. Farland and Dr.
Dillon, all of ,whom are candidates on
the Union Labor ticket. Their speeches
were not startling and when\Mayor
Schmitz arrived he livened things up and
gave Ruef's small brigade of boys 'an op
portunity to cheer. . ¦¦¦
SCHMITZ REPEATS HIMSELF.
School Director,, Roncovieri was •'the
next speaker, but his speech was drowned
by tho noise of the> audience stampeding
from the hall, and the School Director ab
ruptly finished his remarks: . ' -,Tv
"Again 'the Mayor thanked those present
for, listening to him and assured 'them
that if elected again: he would show.him
self "worthy of support" and proud to
obey their -wishes. -: • r ' j
; Schmitz forgot,' however, to tell his
audience that - certahi , vacancies | would
occur on the city's commissions next year
and' that, ifv elected,' he had the power
to make - appointments from : the caliber
of men from which Parry of "colt" fame
and Mershon were chosen;
The- Mayor repeated a previous speech
by saying that the city's executive could
not do much in two years to carry out a
programme, and f that , in four years it
would be possible to carry his plans to a
finish. ¦ - • ' '•
He insisted that his supporters should
not heed the, campaign stories of his op
ponents andrthat he was making an up
hill fight, : relying on his political record.
He denied thp assertion that he desired
to control the various commissions of the
city, government and branched off to laud
the Board of Education as a epecimenof
the work achieved under his regime.
'The Mayor forgot, .however, to point to
the "record" achieved by some of his ap
pointees, such as: Michael Casey of- the
Board of Public Works, Hutton of the
Police Commission; Parry of "colt fame"
of the Fire Commission and Mershon,
late of the Civil Service Board.
BELIES ON HIS RECORD.
The Mayor forgot to tell the audience
just what part he, played in securing the
purchase of the car lines or the fact that
the. bargain had been clinched before he
was elected.
"Yet three months after my election,"
said Schmitz, "the biggest financial deal
known, in this. city. 'was put through. I
mean the sale and purchase of the street
railroads."
He went on to say that all his meetings
were well attended and that they were
a tribute to t he principles he stood for,
of equal rights to all and especial privi
leges to none.
Then the Mayor repeated the old ptory
of how it was 'predicted two years ago
the election of a Union Labor Mayor
meant the withdrawal - of capital from
San. Francisco.
an election."
on November 3 next. He assured those
present. that, he considered each one of
them a friend and that he appreciated
their support and jollied his hearers by
telling them : that'"if the election depend
ed on you there would be no need to hold
met at Pythian Castle last night and ex
tended enthusiastic greeting to candidates
on the Republican ticket. The audience
was addressed by E. H. Aigeltinger, Mau
rice L. Asher, Thomas C. Duff, Theodore
Lunstedt and Fred Eggers. The'club will
hold an outing at Shell Mound Park' next
Sunday.
'--judge Bahrs followed and delivered one
of his strenuous speeches. . He surprised
bis auditors by,, his eloquence ' and i won
many' votes -by • his. ""sincerity. Robert
Vance also spoke well and to the point.
He :¦ argued that r the workingmen - owed
much to the Republican party and he'ad
vised them to get behind the ticket and
help gain a victory.
Senator Wolfe made an ideal chair
man. His introductory speeches were
helpful to the various candidates who ap
peared before the gathering. His tribute
to John J. Greif, the candidate for County
Clerk, filled the hearts of Greif's friends
with joy. Greif was' overcome by the kind
things said of him. He said if elected he
would conduct the office in a business
like manner. Maurice Asher, Judge
Bahrs, Robert Vance, General E. S. Salo
mon, Fred Eggers, Harry Baehr and
other candidates made speeches. Judge
Joachlmsen was among his friends and
was given a generous reception.
Henry J. Crocker arrived at the meet
ing late in the evening. His entrance was
the Eignal for great cheering. He was
escorted to the platform and in introduc
ing him to the assemblage Chairman
Wolfe said:
Next year*will b* an v important one in the
history of San Francisco. We have millions
of dollars to expend for public improvements.
¦\Ve muM have men In office who are tried and
true — men cf experience, men of honesty, men
of ability. We must have a man in the office
of Mayor who will aptxiint men to commis
sions that are capable of discharging their
dutlee. We must have a man for Mayor who
will know no distinction between rich and
poor; who will treat all people alike. We must
have a man for Mayor who will see that every
dollar of the public money is expended In such
a mr/.iur that the public will Eet value for
it. I know .we have such a man. He sits
right here on our, platform. Our next Mayor,
Hrnry J. Crocker. - (.Great applause.) / .
When the cheating had subsided Mr.
Crocker looked 1 mo the faces of the resi
dents of the district and with a smile
said:
It seems to me the Mayor is going to have
a great deal to do to keep the promises made
by his ardent friends. However, .the Mayor of
Ean Francisco will have the appointing of
commissioners, who. under the great power
given by the charter, will have the handling
of those vast ftums which ¦ we have voted to
be expended with equal rights to all among
the various districts in San Francisco. The
fact that I will be thi: next Mayor- of San
Francisco (applause and cries "That's right")
grows upon me every time I go . around this
vast city. and see the h<vts of people who are
taking up the cry of good government and the
proper expenditure of public money. . I i feel
sure--4n fact. I feel confident from the good
tidings I have received, that the Republican
ticket will receive a good majority.
Men good and true, men who win back up
ttus administration, will be elected. - Now you
have listened to a great many things to-night.
I am going to suggest something. This Thir
ty-eighth District is very business-like. It Is
one of the most compact districts in San Fran
cisco. I think it breeds more politicians
(laughter) than any other district in this city,
and when those politicians get together as they
have in this campaign . there is nothing to it
at ail. It is absolutely eolid. (Applause.)
Now the State has a habit of presenting to
the county that roll* up the highest vote a
silken banner and that banner Is contested for
from time to time. Now I am going to make
a suggestion to the Republican party, and that
is this; they ptit up a silken banner to be con
tested for 'by the districts,' < and I am ready
to wager that the Thirty-eighth District will
carry away the banner at 4he coming election;
I feel absolutely certain that the Thirty-eighth
will give the Fortieth and the Forty-nrst, two
strong Republican districts, a close fight, for
the honor of possessing the banner. \
- 1 have little to, Bay about myself. I simply
want to assert that my heart is in this fight.
I am willing- to give up my private business
affairs and. devote my time to the /welfare of
this city./ I believe that 'at the -coming
tion we willroll op a big Republican majority
and I feel certain that the Thirty-eighth Dis
trict will hold her 1 end up. ' (Great applause.)
Isidore Golden, a bright young orator
of the Republican party, entertained the
assemblage early in the evening with a
keen criticism of Franklin K. Lane. He
said Lane was a mediocre lawyer and
while in office had done very little work.
He said that for the last six years Lane
had been "doing politics." He claimed
that Lane did more campaigning than he
did municipal business. He called atten
tion to some of the incompetent opinions
rendered by the City and County Attor
ney. He said the Democratic standard
bearer charged corruption in the City Hall
and he thought the Democrats were re
sponsible for this, as they have had
charge of municipal affairs for the last
six years. Golden aroused a great deal of
enthusiasm.
Senator Edward I. Wolfe presided last
night over one of the largest and most
enthusiastic Republican meetings ever
held in the Thirty-eighth Assembly Dis
trict. It was held in Mascot Hall, Golden
Gate avenue, near Buchanan street. The
hall was far too small to accommodate
the hundreds of voters who crowded the
place. The room was intensely warm and
yet the residents of the district were con
tent to remain standing for hours in or
der to greet and hear the various candi
dates.
Republican Nominee Feels Certain
He Will Be Elected.
CR0CKEB IS CONFIDENT.
constitute about as much of a financial
burden as the average candidate can bear,
and therefore immunity from Illegitimate
assessment is relief at the right time.
The workmen of the Union Iron Works
gave Crocker a greeting that was rather
reassuring than otherwise when he mado
a visit of several hours' duration yester
day to the works. The foreman escorted
the Republican candidate for Mayor
through the various departments • of the.
establishment, and more than 2000 work
ingmen gave' him a pleasant greeting and
shook hi9 hand. Many were wearing the
Crocker campaign button. ±t was not a
visit for speech-making, for no speeches
were made. The affair partook largely of
a personal nature, with the pleasant eat
impressions left. In many cases these im
pressions will doubtless result to the ad
vantage of Mr. Crocker. It was some
time after the noon hour when Mr. Crock
er started for a drive around the city,
giving him a needed rest before the task
of addressing throngs at the three meet
ings of last night, viz.: at Twin Peaks
Hall, Thirty-fourth Assembly District;
Harmony Hall, Mission street, Thirty
sixth Assembly District, and Mascot Hall,
Golden Gate Avenue, Thirty-eighth As
sembly District.
The German-American Republican Club
will meet at 8 O'Farrell street this even
ing and indorse Henry J. Crocker, Repub
lican nominee for Mayor. Colonel Whit
taker will preside.
The Afro- American League fs arranging
for a Republican mass meeting to be held
at Apollo Hall October 27. The rally of
the league in support of Henry J. Crocker
and the entire Republican ticket promises
to be one of the great demonstrations of
the . campaign.
The Union League 13 making extensive
preparations for a mass meeting: at the
Alhambra Theater Monday evening, Octo
ber 26. In due time the complete list of
speakers will be announced. The Union
League tenders the meeting to the Repub
lican campaign committee and cheerfully
offers to meet all expenses for hall rent,
music, advertising, etc. Hon. Jacob II.
Neff will be chairman and Hon. John F.
Davis, one <5f the ablest speakers of the
country, will address the people.
nlflcance In a speech recently made by
Lane in which he said: "I am no coward.
I am a fighter. Look me In the eye.
Look Into the eye of your leader." _¦".--. v.
WORKMEN" GREET CROCKEB.
Nominees in general are 'glad that the
Registrar and Election Commissioners ex
posed the fraud, and killed the "graft"
of the so-called' Non-Partisans. Legiti
mate expenses of a political campaign
The red pepper episode at Steimke Hall
threatens to embitter the feud between
McNab and Lane on one side and Schmitz
and Ruef on ; the other. The McNab
crowd charge Ruef with the offense 'of
sprinkling the pepper on the Lane, floor.
Schmitz charges Lane with something
worse than throwing red pepper. The
versatile candidate for Mayor accuses
the great jawsmith of the political arena
of' resorting to dishonorable campaign
work and threatens, to hold him person
ally responsible for the circulation of
scurrilous cartoons. In view of the threat
ening aspect of affairs there is added sig-
that an old page from an Improvement
club's "book of signatures was used to
enlarge the list of names on the petition.
One of the Registrar's clerks recognized
his 'own signature which he placed on
the roll of an improvement club one year
ago. Lane's name for Mayor headed the
so-called Non-Partisan list of nomina
tions. Several Republican candidates
were indorsed or nominated, but It does
not follow that any one of them knew
what the promoters of the scheme were
doing to obtain signatures to the peti
tion. Thomas W. Hickey. chairman of
the late McNab convention which nomi
nated Lane for Mayor, was at the Reg
istrar's office : at a late hour Wednesday
night and early \ Thursday morning.
James P. Booth was also there. The ex
planation was made yesterday that Booth,
who is a candidate for Supervisor, de
sired . to . be . placed at the head of the
Democratic list of 5 candidates for that
office. The explanation ¦ is accepted as
plausible in view of the fact that a sam
ple of the official ballot given out yes
terday by the Registrar shows the name
of Booth at the too of the Democratic
candidates. for Supervisor.
The office holders, however, are not
unanimous, as several insurgents in the
Department of .Public Works refuse to
burn incense at the Schmitz shrine or
worship In the temple of A. Ruef. What
the Schmitz supporters lack in numbers
they make up .for in for pro
ducing noisy demonstrations of welcome
to their candidate. .
Recently Mr. Ruef's Mayor, the versa
tile Eugene E. Schmitz, spoke In his own
home district and was, very well received.
Kind inquiries were made concerning the
health of Parry and the colt. The amen
ities of the campaign were not violated
by the Introduction of red pepper as an
element of agitation. There was no great
demonstration in honor of the Mayor, In
a political sense the home meeting was a
disappointment. In the municipal com
paign two years ago Schmitz was hailed
as a great leader. The atmosphere was
charged with enthusiasm for his candi
dacy. In the present campaign the en
thusiasm for the Mayor comes- mainly
from those wh6 are on the municipal pay
roll by the grace of the executive.
• WILL NOT BURN" DTCENSE.
¦ HENRY J. CROCKER, Republican
? I nominee for Mayor, will speak this
fLB evening to the people of his home
ffTJ district, the Forty-first. .The meet
y B ing in a sense will attest the~re
¦ E gard which Mr. Crocker's neighbors
entertain for him. He is surely regarded
by those who know him best as a progres
sive man, and honest man and a man who
possesses the ability and self-confidence
to' direct larjje affairs.
Nominee for Mayor Visits Union
Iron Works, and Meets
Workingmen.
This la a. UtUe embarrasslnsr to a man who
v "not accustomed to • It. If I have done any
thing lor the city and for my friends through
out the State I have prtf erred to do with' as
little noise as possible, not that I don't appre
ciate thoroughly these welcomes that I , have
been recfivlnic, and in acpreciatlon * of •¦ them
allow m? to *say that I will u«e my beat en
deavors to maintain the reputation-for,"Integ
rity which even during the height of ! a cain-
I'hiirn 6eems to be conceded to roe iny,' a 'great
many people. (Applause..) Now, you have
heard what the leader of the Republican party
has Eot^to do for this city and county. You
have heard my name mentioned by.«ome-of
those friends of mine who 'seem almost wlll
i to .* a c'"iflce their own Interests In order
that the city and county of Ban Francisco
may have a man of my character; yoa. mar
•ay, to administer to the wants of the city
lor the next two rears. Now, the city of
i-an Francisco has had Mayon from the time
some of u» were bom. The of flee is there
t.na two yeans from now we will want to be
* gga.ll Incident la t&e history o{ thi« great
Republican Nominee for Major Is
Given Hearty Reception
The attendance at the meeting of the
Republicans of the Thirty-sixth Assembly
"District held last night In Harmony Hall,
on Mission street, near Thirteenth, was
gratifying!*- large. All the voters of the
district turned out togive the candidates
of. the historic party a fitting welcome.
Henry N. Beatty presided, and introduced
Thomas C. Duff, John J. Greif. General
E. S. Salomon. Jud£e George H. Bahrs,
Harry E. Bachr, George R. Wells, 'Rob
ert Vance and other candidates. The re
< eption given to Henry J. Crocker, the
nominee for Mayor, was a flattering one.
When he took his seat on the platform
the voters cheered Incessantly. Mr.
Crocker delivered a forcible speech to the
assemblage. In part he spoke as follows:
CBOWD HABMONY ttat.t.
BAKES BOASTS DODGE.
Judge Georse II. Bahrs. candidate for
Assessor, delivered another . forcible
speech. He took another fall out of As-
Dodge, who. he said, was trying
?o. monopolize all the credit for posseys
wig civic Integrity and virtue. Judge
•IJahfs called attention to the fact that
Dr. Dodge had drawn thousands of dol
lars out of the city treasury and did not
return the money until the Supreme Court
compelled him to do so. In the course
of his speech he said:
I welcome this fiffht »*"* I am willing to
me«»t Mr. L>odge on any irs\t<: Involved in this
< ampalfrn. I am satisfied 1 will not eet the
worst of It in this struggle. I am willing to
Hand upon my record and I am not -ejrotlstl
c&L I eay in making that record I simply did
my duty. ¦ When Mr. Dodse took office the
•¦barter lrrovtded- that his ealary should b*
$4000 a j*ar and that provision, was placed In
; the charter to &o away with the conditions
•,hat previously existed. Dr. Dodge claims he
»* a friend of the charter and yet he riolated
it. He withheld flC.OOO,' which waa the per
(•vntajre of th»- rwJkax collected, lie did not
yield it up until he was compelled to do eo by
the Supreme Court. That money did not come
<m of th* lax of corrx>rationi>. but out of the
l«iokets 'of th» laborlcE man. Dr. i I>odee in
unworthy of their fupnert, an he Is a sham.
It is my duty to tear the mask from this man
and place h la. record before you.
Speeches were made by Robert Vance,
candidate for Supervisor: John J. Greif,
candidate for County C'crk, and a score
of other candidates. They wore all given
hearty receptions and promises of support
.from the district.
llr. Crocker had other meetings to at
tend and was unable to stay. As he left
the hall he was cheered again by the
assemblage.
EVERYWHERE that Henry J. Crock
er went last night the cheers of
enthusiastic citizens rang In his
cars. He was hailed with great ap
plause at every meeting he attend
ed, and if his receptions are any
\ iiierion he will eurely be the next Mayor
•J;"tnis city and county. Mr. Crocker does
uot boast of being an orator, but his
speeches are listened to with the most
.'intense interest. He talked to the citi
zens cf three districts last night in a
¦business-like manner and made a deep
Impression on 'their minds.
ile first attended the meeting of the
Crocker-Nrland Club held in the Twin
Peaks Hall, Seventeenth street, near N6e,
vhlch is in the Thirty-fourth Assembly
district. When he arrived he found the
'all densely packed with voters. He re
.7::ai:;ed In the background until Judg-o
¦ • ¦•-:.' H. Cahrs, the candidate for As
•. had concluded his terrific roast on
r.cuxnbent of that office. Mr. Crocker
v.'.is »srort«*d to the platform and re
> > .! a hearty reception.' Hdward J.
I anntng. Deputy United States EHstrlct
Attorney, was chairman cf the meeting
! ir.trcduct'd the standard bearer of the '
publican? party. He introduced Mr.
• : , k<r as the next Mayor of San Fran-!
9 and the applause was deafening.
;»!r. Crocker spoke as follows:
. : tfatak what the chairman has paid •will be
: n^t because 1 am Fuch a strong man
. .is the people of San Francisco, but be
• the people of San • Francisco, without
i! el t, have made up their minds that they are
¦ • have a Republican administration in
v : ,nd county cf Ban Francisco. (Ap-
Thcre is no doubt in the world that
-, . lo. we will have an administration that
w a credit to the city. I look like a
broad-ehouldered man. .who can take
rf eotne of the hardest duties of this
paUtjr and handle them without cloves.
9 to do it in my own affairs, working
r.lr.F, noon and Bight, and when I close, my
>-5k. as 1 will have no more private business
ij transact in the next two years, I think you
r (titty r<_-elize that that mtans grood, care
.:;.i attention to the city's needs. (Applause.)
GOOD TAXPAYERS.
• Tfce Thirty-fourth District is recognized prin
aliy because of the t&xpaying citizens who
.re-sick- !r. it. You don't eee many apartment
I -•" - OSt here. You see the homes owned
by the residents. People buy their own land,
. }-ut U] their own houses and then organize itn
: . r.t clubs. Tbey come before the city
rorersaeBt and make their demands. It is
¦H*ll known that the improvements are brought
>>oat by the clubs. The clubs have made
coeiiact&s demands and although yoa have
t pot all you asked for. you certainly have
POC enough to show that this part of the city
: ;.s improved faster than other parts of the
Now you ere Interested, therefore In the
.Kinds you voted for a few weeks ago. As
•5-howa by the returns from this district, the
mttttlta were almost unanimous for the char
ter and for the bonds. That certainly shows
a progressive spirit and good common sense
<n the part of you residents. Now. we -want
to know that we ere striving to make this
me of the greatest Republican victories that
has ever taken place in San Francisco. There
e-e two or three reasons for It. We have an
Idea that it is due to the Republican national
rarty. which has bet-n so successful throughout
Th© United Ftate*. to roll up a b!s majority
.'.n order that we mirht show that this city
:s not polryr to b* behind in the protection
cf its own interests.
WHAT PEOPLE WANT.
.The people want w rnend money in order
that It will fcrir.E about iirottcticn to them
selves. The lTncrcA ements of this city will
bring about euch protection to its inhabitants,
as they will have better sanitary conditions.
I take it this district Is vitally Interested in
these Improvements, as you have put up a
man who will certainly be elected. I refer to
Joseph S. Nyland. (Great applause and cheers
for Xyland.) lie certainly will represent you
a? fairly and honestly as any man on the
tirket.
• Now, I have very little to Fay about the Re
publican uarty. There are *orne i>ecple here
who.no doubt don"t belone to that erand old
party but who are going to think very eeriously
bow they are going to vote this year. They
are. in my opinion, going to place their vote—
¦ and I eay this without egotism — in the ballot
box for the Republican standard-bearPr for
Mayor end \-ote for the entire Ite'iublican
ticket. (Applause.)
There was more hearty cheering for Mr.
Crocker when he left the hall. The meet
ing 1 was an enthusiastic one and bodes
well for the success of the Republican
ticket.
There is no need of personalities In . this
campaign. Now there Is no necessity for that
You are all pood, cold-blooded voters and you
are looking- for the best for this city and you
are certainly going to throw aside all cam
paign iwui-s and look on this from a business
standpoint. I know I have been referred to
as a class candidate. I am sure I am nof.
You can take that to your hearts end know
that If I am elected Mayor of this city I will
do my level best for every class of citizens.
I was told that the laboring: man was of that
class who would not vote for me and yet I
was invited by a delegation to visit the Union
Iron. Works. \v hen 1 went down there to-day at
*:30 o"clock and went through the machine
shops, the boiler shop, and blacksmith shop
and all the other departments ' of that great
industry: *hen I waa taken around by the
various foremen and Introduced. I found men
wearing the Crocker button.
I am pleased to say that I believe that I
will surprise the people of San Francisco by
th« vote which Henry J. Crocker and the Re
publican ticket will get from the worklngmen.
(Great applause.)
You people realize perhaps as much and
more than any others the result of your votes
on the recent bond election. I can say that
this cleans a great deal to our city. I know
what can ba done for this district. I know
what can bo done for our Echools. Improve
ments can be made on.Peabody School; your
streets will be improved as was Third street.
What we want Is an administration that will
be the best we ever had. Now the papers
have all taken that up and I am sure we will
have on administration -here that will redound
to the credit of San Francisco and if I be
pardoned in saying so. I am the man In whom
you can place Implicit reliance In bringing
about these necessary Improvements
PERSONALITIES NOT NEEDED.
PROUD TO LEAD. \
It la one of the Pleasures o r my life to be
soupht as one. fitted ¦¦ to take hold of the relna
at this time and guide, In a humble way, the
destinies of this city. ¦
llecent national affairs have placed San
Franclsoo to the front to such a degree that It
Is marvelous to behold. You people of the
Thirty-sixth District have eeen the prosperity
brought about by the national policy of the
party.
State, but at the same time those two years
should be pregnant with results.
Voters Turn Out in Big Numbers
and Cheer Candidates
of the Party.
INSPIRING RECEPTIONS TO HENRY J. CROCKER, THE REPUBLICAN STANDARD BEARER,
AND EVERYTHING POINTS DIRECTLY TO HIS ELECTION AS MAYOR OF THIS CITY
REPUBLICAN RALLY TO-NlGHT.
THE Republicans of the Forty-first Assembly District
1 will hold a rally at Steimke Hall, on Octavia street,
near Union. W. J. Dutton will preside. The meeting is to be
addressed by Henry 1 Crocker, Percy V. Long, Fairfax H.
Wheelan, John S. Partridge, Maxwell McNutt, other can
didates on the ticket and a number of prominent citizens
residing in the district. .^
THE .SA\S. FBiA^CISCO GALL; FRIDAY, OCTOBER 16, 1903.
9
ADVERTISEMENTS^^ " .
l BBHBBBHBBBIBBiBiBBBPBiBHBBiBfBiBIBBBBBBBBiBiBHgBBl
> ,. . . — — — - — ~ — r.. . . — : — ~" ~ * —
Creditors' Sale
KAST & CO.
104-1 10 Geary Street,- Near Grant Ave.
* ' Kb! ¦**" ' bwT Vb Kt - ¦' WM . t Wf . . - ¦••" Q ' j - g^^ySL bbI 'ft
Will Be Sacrificed by Order
of the Creditors. Sale Begins
Saturday, Oct. 17,1903
Doors Open 10 a. m.
bSHfSB^BcVfiB^BBr^ •¦ ' ' '
H I L. PASCH ; Receiver.
IbbbbhbbbbbbbbbbbhbbbbbbbbhbbbbbbbhbbbbbiiUnited States ' Coast and Geodetic Survey —
' Time • . and Heights > of . High n and : Low
Waters . at : Fort Point. .-; entrance - to '¦ San
¦ ' Francisco • Bay." published by official au
'•• » thority of • the -Superintendent. . - •
' NOTE— The ; high "and ¦• low, waters "i occur "r at
the city fiont (Mission-street wharf; about 25
minutes \ later.Uhan at Fort l Point; . the , height
of .tide is the same at both places. \ "-. .'•¦>
FRIDAY/ OCTOBER 16. " - ! ;X
Sun rises -..-. .".v. ". ....r. .'.'.. ....... .'. .".."..;. 6:10
Sun "sets . ;•..¦.". ..:..'. . . .... ....'. .7. .'.: .". .v.3:Xl
Moon ; rlsea '..... /. ............ : ; . . ; . 1 :44 a,"m.
0 iTime ; ' :|Time[ :. iTimej: ..• JTimel . .
p>|_r_J.Ft. I 1 Ft: (-— ; ft. I — in.:
p..|iAwf. 1h.w|v> |l:wi-, ;-,[H-\vr- :
15 I ' 0:2«J|- 0.5| 7 :S0| •* 4.3 1 :W ?, 2.4 «:89» 4.8
->- H W - ;- "•= :ILW :-.-¦ HW ", L W ¦ ' ¦. '¦
16 1:23 0.6 8:16^0.2 2:04^^1.9 8:10 . B.0
17 2:20 0.8 9:00 i5.5 2:57 1.3 9:16 6.1
18' 3:091 " 0.0 !9:41 5.6 .3:45 0.8 10:15 "-5.2
19 : 3:51 ; 1.2 10:20 5.8 4:30 0.4 11:10 5.3
20> 4:34 [41.4 10:57 * 5.9V 5:11 ; 0.0...V. ....
21 -t *0:05 ;jB.2 5:13 v,1.8|ll:35 i 5.&| 5:57 —0.2*
;. * NOTE-^In ;, the ' above ' exposition ? of t the i tides
; tho 5 early.' morning \ tides . are : given '- In \ the > left
, hand • column ' and "- the '. successlvs . tides ' oC ilia
Th^ Santa Fe will sell \ tickets at one fare
for the round trip, good on any train arriving
at.Tulare October 16 r and 17, return limit ten
days . later. Music and oratory, monster ¦ bar
becue and free drives to points of- Interest
Particulars at 641 Market street. - ¦-.-. P
Celebrating Payment of Irrigation
Bonds.
GRAND JUBILEE AT TULABE."
To : China— 14,250 tbbls V flour, > 917 * pkgs .• gro
ceries and ' provisions. J 650 1 cs i condensed \ milk,'
03 -cs salmon. 865 cs .assorted .^canned goods.
8235 lbs 17 pkgs ham. and bacon,' 19,182 1 lbs i 5
likes • cheese.- 3260 - lbs ' 3 -, pkgs * codflsh."- 720 1 lbs
hops, ; 14.9S9 ' lbs J 26 . pkgs millstufts,- 7087r' lbs
dried fruit; 833 ; pkgs - f r«sh >¦ fruit; • 801 pkgs
. The Japanese steamer ¦ Nippon' Maru called
yesterday for Hongkong via Honolulu and Yo
kohama with ' an assorted merchandise ; cargo,
valued at $350,090.'; exclusive of treasure, ' and
distributed as- follows: Tor Japan, t $72,006;
China, . $2C5,535;/Manlla; ,f47S2;..East^ Indies,
$3950;:, Korea., $3402 ; .: Vladivostok. r , f 55; Tho
leading exports were ¦ as ' follows : ' , ; ; : •'.
To Japan — 1000 bbls flour. -4400 "cs condensed
milk,- 553 cs ' assorted ¦ canned goods, ': 1542 ¦ gals
wine. 2540 . lbs 8 pkgs \ ralllstufTs.-s. 10,427 - lbs
sugar, ¦ 5 • cs -whisky, ¦„ 315 ; lbs : cheese;.: 2110 * lbs
codfish, 105 pkgs groceries and 'provisions,' 4170
lbs ' dried fruit. 3382 * lbs .1* cs butter, ; 6477i lbs
ham > and : bacon 151C i lbs \ coffee," 1 C8 cs • table
preparations.^ 18u0 ; lbs: lard, ftSOlbs raisins, "618
lbs. nuts. ¦ 400 * bales r cotton.'* 50 ' flasks ' quicksil
ver. - S05 bxs soap,' ' 42 ¦ pkga ;• bicycles ' and • sun
dries. 23 pkgs electrical supplies.': 50 > bxs • nails.
24 1 pkgs ! rubber ; goods/. 4 I bales | dry I goods, >, C2
rolls 4 : cs ' leather, , 23, 213 • lbs sheet ; lead. \ 13 j cs
drugs. and sundries, 15 cc arms and ammuni
tion 17 pkgs machinery, 1S0O, lbs candy. '20
cs salad oil. •¦/• ?';'. .''..¦¦ '>•* ;-^«' : ',.*•*.
Cargo by ; the : Japanese liner.
. The British chip Ardencraig Is chartered for
wheat from Portland to- Aleoa Bay ; at -. 21s 3d;
French bark : Admiral Halgan, same I business,
from Portland to Eurooe , at 23s ad, with op
tion of Cape town 'at 25s, prior to arrival; the
British ship County of Inverness Is chartered
for wheat, flour and • barley " from Portland to
Algoa Bay; the schooner, Fred' J. Wood -loads
lumber at Grays 'Harbor for Guaymas, and the
barkentlne , S, N. : Castle . and the bark K.vP.
Rlthet return to Honolulu with general cargo.
Charters.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The - British ship Cambuskenneth ' sailed for
Melbourne yesterday with 42j), 609 feet of lum
ber, valued at $12,<J24. k
A cablegram from London received yesterday
at th<> .Merchants' Exchange reports that - the
British ehlp Hawthornebank.: bound from-"Ant
werp for "San Pedro, was slightly damaged in
a^ collision la the English Channel. She was
able to proceed.. ; - >- , " rf
Damaged in Collision.
Half a Dozen New Overdues.
Six overdues were placed on the board yes-
J terday for reinsurance, all quoted at 10 per
j cent." The vessels listed are' as follows:
j French bark Alice Marie, bound from Newcas
tle. England, for this port and now out 176
days; British" chip Crown of Scotland, also
from Newcastle, England, for San Francisco
out 1SS days; Norwegian, bark Midnatasol out
»7 days from Buenos Ayres for Brisbane; Brit
ish bark Dochra, out 87 days ¦ from Buenos
Ayres for_ Rockhampton; Norwegian bark An
tares, out 66 days from New York < for Ade
laide, and the Italian bark Erminia, out 130
days from New York for Melbourne. The Co
rolla is etill on the ' board at 90 per cent and
the Catharlna . and St. Mungo remain un
changed at 20 per cent.
The ship Glory ,of the Seas Is safe. Word
was received yesterday rrom Dutch Harbor
that "the famous old vessel had reached that
port September 1G and that while owners and
others were worrying about her she was snug
in port discharging her cargo of coal. It wa«
with general satisfaction that assurance of the
Fhip's safety was received. . The Glory of the
Seaa is a picturesque link between the present
day cf etrictly utilitarian steam freighters of
large carrying capacity hut limited beauty
and the past when the Glory was one of a
fleet of graceful windjammers whose tfajllng
feats made the stars and stripes a synonym
for speed In the waters of many lands. The
Glory of the Seas. Is cafe and those that know
her best cay that in ppite of her thirty-four
years of hard "service she still has the timbers
to stand many a- battle.
Glory of the Seas Is Safe.
. Thursday, October/ 15. .
Stmr Arctic. Reiner, 10 hours from Monte
rey. • . .¦ ¦ ' - ¦ ¦ - . '¦ . • -
Stmr Newsboy. Adler, ,35 hours from Eu
reka. 1 •
, Stmr . Point . Arena, Miller. 14 hours from
Mendodno. . ':;.''
"Stmr Greenwood, Johnson, 10 hours from
Albjon." •
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, 40 hours from
San .Diego. -¦ .' ¦ " -¦¦-.- '
, , stmr Coos* Bay, Nicolson, .70 hours from San
Pedro and way ports..' , ¦ ¦ • ,
Schr Novelty, Hoffman, C days from Colum
bia Hiver. . ¦ aSjBI^^I
CLEARED.
' , Thursday, October , 15. £
Jap stmr ¦ Nippon Maru, , Greene. Hongkong,
etc; W H Avery. / . , • •• .-.- • u
, SAILED, v . ¦ • :
;' Thursday. October. 15.--
Stmr State of* California. Thomas, San Diego.
Stmr Geo W Elder/ Randall, ; Astoria. •
, Stmr "Whltesboro, Fcs?n. Point Arena. . _ . j
Stmr Alliance. Hard wick. Eureka and Cooa
Bay. ..¦¦-"-¦".'¦.-¦. "'¦-¦" - •¦ '¦
¦ Stmr. Arctic. Reiner, Eureka: . -¦•?¦-¦¦,
Jap stmr Nippon Maru. Greene. Honolulu,
.Yokohama and, Hongkong. . -,*,V
) - Br ship Cambuskenneth, '. Cook, Melbourne,
via': Port Townsehd. .,¦>'¦. • '
Schr,, ZamDa. Kftllenbunr, Everett. •
: Schr "Western Home. Lembke. . Coos Bay. .
' Schr iNnwark.-; Reinertsen.'-v Bowens Landing.
OUTSIDE, BOUND IN. 10 'j P. M.
.'" ¦'. Stmrs - Barracoota" ¦ and ' Coquille -r River and
echrs Sequoia and . Emma 1 Claudlna. . - ';¦¦ ..; .- :
r-;;-\., * spokes: ', H?:-' ¦-.-,¦ •-' 'y,
'• Oct ¦ 4, ; lat . 21 N, « Ion ' 10 W," Ger ship '. Nal
from Antwerp,' for San Francisco. - . . ,
:.v Per i U • S 1 stmr Thetis— On - Sept 8. ; 100, miles
E?of-:Unalgo Pass, ship- Glory -of the Seas,
from- Oyster Harbor.' for, Dutch Harbor. . headed
inshore: good weather a week; before. and for a
week" after. ' ' ¦"¦
-_ .'¦ . TELEGRAPHIC. -¦,-.. --...-.
{ POINT LOBOS, Oct r 15, ¦10:Dinv^-'Weather
thlckr /wind SW,-, velocity 8 miles per hour. ;
J DOMESTIC - PORTS.* ,V .:
"¦ ;VENTUR A— Arrived Oct 13-^Stmr Asuncion,
from ¦ Redondo; ' and . Bailed for Redondo.
% FAIRHAVF.N — Sailed Oct 15— Schr Fear
less, =s for (¦ San . Pedro." : " ¦ ': ¦ - . ' J
r V EUREKA — Arrived 'Oct!* 13 — Stmr.: Eureka,
hence Oct'13; atmr \V,H Kruger, r hence Oct'13;
atmr : North "Fork,^ hence Oct > 14. ' .-, f
'ft "i Sailed • Oct i 15 -Schr Eva. f or^ San Pedro. ,«;.
, >,TACO MA— Sailed : Oct;15— Schr KingtCyrus,
for . San •' Francisco. .- -" : ' .¦¦-. cj\*-« .':- ; ¦•.
v - G RA Y S ¦ - HARBOR— Sailed i Oct - 15— Stmr
Newburg, ¦ for > San > Francisco; * stmr ' Centralia,"
; for ; San ¦ Franci«co. :'f- Oct v 14-^-Stmr ; Santa, ; Mon
ica, :• for - San i Francisco. :¦
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Fifth race. 2:£0 class trot 'purse J100O—
r.ossie Erown won two straight heats In 2:13«i
2:12%. Redwood," The- Parson. Claymont," Em
pire WSlkes. Allen V and Balliet also started.
Sixth race, trotting to wagon, amateur
drivers — Turner K won the second fend third
heats In 2:21 14, 2:21. Senior won ' the" ar*t
heat in 2:22. Tl<e Postman also started.
Third race. 2:16 class trotting. purs« $1000—
$"£?« £ t , 1 '?: w , on "»"* straight heats In
£ :1 -*>- 2 i, 12>i - 2:11. Direct View, Millard
SandtrE, Bonner. Austin Boy. Margaret Bath
satc. Coronation and Victor Jr. also started
Fourth race. 2:02 class pacing, purse $2000
Harold K won two straight heats ln»205V.
2:04V.. Nervolo. Dan R and Shadow Chimes
also started. , ¦ •
.J/J£ I! ******> fOT = :10 trotters, purse
*A«oo (unfinished from Wednesday) — Monte
Carlo won the first, second and seventh htats
««£k'h in 2:0*Vi. Dr. Strong won the filth and
eixUh heats Jn 2:09%. 2:13^. Hawthorne won
• th<* third and fourth heats In 2:06Vi 2 0SU
Ttte Roman. Walnat Hall and Dan t' also
st/arted. -
iSecond race. t*« "Wilson stakes, 2:20 class
? frottlng. mm 12000 — Hal Chaffln won the
/^ T n.V teC^ (S . aad . fourth heat « in 2:07. 2:(*i%,
1 231*% 5S5 \P5*i * on the third h «« *
) V; 1^. MSchae ». Ma»T Anna. Famine and
' Mush also started. -
LEXINGTON, Ky., Oct. 13.— Chief inter
est in ,t.he trotting races to-day centered
in th« seventh and deciding heat of the
McV>owell stake, purse $5000, for 2:10 trot
tfyts. Summary:
BCASLO WINS
THE DECIDING HEAT
Wreckage of Bark Is Washed Ashore.
LONDON, Oct. 15.— Advices received to
day say that .wreckage from the bark
Loch Lomond, which sailed from New
Caledonia April 29 for Greenbck, had been
washed ashore at the Chatham Islands
and that It is feared that the vessel and
the twenty T four persons on board have
been lost.
NEW HAVEN, Conn., Oct. 15.— An ex
amination to-day showed that James H.
Hogan, Tale's star tackle, broke a rib
during the game' with Holy Cross yester
day. Ralph Kinney, the other tackle, suf
fered a sprained ankle. »
Yale's Star Tackle Is Injured.
. Xotlce . Is hereby given of the following
changes in the aids to navigation In this dis
trict, which affect ' the - list 'of beacons and
buoys. Pacific coast, 1003:,
OREGON AND WASHINGTON.
Columbia' River - entrance, pages 50 and 51.
South channel shoal buoy, an H. S., first-class
can, will not be discontinued as published i*i
local notice to mariners, No. 18, of 1003, dated
21 August, 1003.
Clatsop enlt buoy, No. 0, a red first-claps
nun. 15 September.-. 1003, . was changed to a
black, first-class tan. new style, and will
hereafter be known as Peacock spit ¦ buoy. No.
0. j ¦ Vessels should rot pass to the northward
of this bucy.' -
; By order of the lighthouse board. " ¦-¦¦ V > "'-;
~ ---.¦ G. C. CALKINS,,
Commander, U. S. N., Lighthouse Inspector.
Office of Inspector, Thirteenth . Lighthouse
District, Portland, Or.. 13 October, 1003; <.
No. 24—1003.
Notice to . Mariner's.
•Anif-ricans 2 4 1
Hattori«s — Lundgren and Kling, Altrock and
Pa'livan.
PITTSBURG. Oct. 15.— The Pittsburg
team of the National Baseball League dis
banded for the season to-day after divid
ing the local club's share of the receipts
from the world's championship series.
The &mount vras $21,060, and President
Dreyfus divided it into sixteen parts. All
the players received an equal share ex
cept Doheny, Thompson. Carisch. Murphy
and La Force, among whom one-sixteenth
vjls divided. The members of the team
presented to President Dreyfus a fine
gold stoo watch-
Pitcher Phlllippl Mras given an extra
check and ten shares of stock by the club
owners in token of their appreciation of
his work against the Boston Americans.
CHICAGO. Oct. 15.— The series for the
local championship closed to-day with
another defeat for the Nationals and
without result, each team having won and
lost eeven games in the local champion
ship. Not a Hit was made off of either
pitcher after the fourth inning. Attend
ance, 400. gcore:
. . , . • ' ' R. ¦ H. E.
Jvationals 0 4 1
PITTSBUB.G NATI0NAXS
- DISBAND FOB. THE SEASON
Movements of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. - - From. j Due.
Lakme San Pedro Oct. 16
Phoenix...... Mendocipo .Oct. 16
Barracouta... New York via Panama. Oct. 16
, Rainier Seattle & Whatcom.... Oct. lft
Czarina.* Coos Bay Oct. 16
Chehalls San Pedro Oct. 18
S. Monica.... Grays Harbor Oct. 17
Eureka Humboldt ......Oct. 17
San Mateo..". . Tacoma .Oct. 17
Del Norte Crescent City ...., j Oct. 17
Pomona Humboldt Oct. 17
Argo Eel River Ports Oct. 17
Iaqua San Pedro Oct. 17
8. Barbara... San Pedro '. Oct. 17
Bonlta Newport & Way Ports. Oct. 17
Columbia Portland A Astoria Oct. 17
Centralia Grays Harbor Oct. 13
Isls. Seattle Oct. 13
Marlposa Tahiti , Oct. 18
Arcata Coos Kay & Port Orford Oct. 19
NorthFork... Humboldt I Oct. ID
State of Cal. . • San Diego & Way PortsiOct. 19
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports Oct. 19
Sierra Sydney & Way Ports.. Oct. 19
Corona Humboldt Oct. 20
American fC ew York :. Oct. 2O
S. Portland... Portland & Astoria Oct. *0
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Ports Oct. 21
Acapulco New York via Panama. Oct. 21
Ramses; Hamburg & Way Ports. Oct. 21
J. Dollar Seattle &. Tacoma Oct. 21
Santa Rosa... g an Diego & Way Ports Oct. 22
Point Arena.. Mendoclno & Pt. Arena. |Oct. 23
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria jOct. '22
Coptic. China & Japan lOct. 23
Queen Puget Sound Ports Oct. 24
Nlcaria • Hamburg & Way Porti. Oct. 24
Rival Wlllapa Harbor Oct. 24
Alliance...... Portland & Way Ports. Oct. 27
Curacao Mexican Pfrta IQct. 27
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Oct 15— Stmr Samoa,
hence Oct 13; stmr Alcazar, from Greenwood;'
stmr Bonlta, Whence Oct 12. /
Sailed Oct in— Stmr San Gabriel, for Eu
reka; ctror Iaqua. for Sari Francisco: stmr
Bonita, for San Francisco: echr Socuel, for
Olympia; scbr R W-Bartlett, for Columbia.
SAN DIEGO-^Arrived Oct 15— Stmr Fulton,
from Hardy Creek.
WESTPORT— Sailed Oct 15-^Stmr West
port, fur .San Francisco. ¦ ¦ • ¦ ¦ ,«
FORT BRAGG — Arrived Oct 15 — Stmr South
Coast, from Caspar.
Arrived- Oct 15— Stmr Brunswick, hence 14.
MENDOCINO— Sailed Oct 15— Stmr Phoenix,
for San Francisco.
SOUTH BEND— Arrived Oct 15— Schr Louis,
from Lahaina. .¦• • ' ¦
TATOOSH— Passed in Oct 15— Schr Albert
Meyer, from Monterey,' for Whatcom; Br stmr
Yeddo, from Astoria, for Pucet Sound.
• Passed out Oct 15— Schr Wm Olsen, from
Tacoma, for San Francisco. ¦•
¦ Passed in Oct 15 — Stmr Queen, hence Oct Vi,
for Victoria. ' ' . -
SEATTLE— Arrived Oct 15— Stmr Valencia,
from Nome: stmrs Dlrjco, Dolphin and Santa
Ana, from Skagway: stmr Geo Loomls, hence-
Oct 10. ' Oct 14 — Stmr James Dollar, hence
Oct 11.-
NOME — In port Oct 6 — Stmr Nome City, to
sail Oct IS for Seattle; stmrs Corwln and Eu
reka, for Seattle. - '
. ASTORIA— Sailed Oct 15— Stmr Columbia,
for* San Francisco; Ger bark • Nauarchos, • for
Queenstown; stmr' Whittler, for San Fran
cisco. . •
Arrived Oct 15 — Br atmr Indrasamha, from
Hongkong. ¦ • ¦ ...
DUTCH HARBQR— Arrived . Sect 1&— Ship
Glory of the' Seas, from Ladysmlth.
TILLAMOOK— Arrived Oct 14— Schr Oak
land, hence Oct 2. •"¦:^i* -
. . ISLAND PORT.
HONOLULU— Sailed Oct 14— Stmr . Ventura,
for Sydney; Br Ftmr Doric, for Yokohama. .
FOREIGN PORTS,
HONGKONG— Arrived prior to Oct 14— Br
stmr Claverlng, hence Sept : 14.
COLON — Arrived • I Oct 13 — Stmr ¦ Seguranca,
from New York.' • •¦ .
Sailea Oct 13 — Stmr. City of Washington, for
New -York. ' ' .
GRANTON— Sailed Oct 14— Br ship Rajore,
for. Oregon. - '
MARSEILLES— Arrived Oct 13— Br stmr.
Keemun, from | Tacoma. ¦
« SYDNEY — Arrived Oct 13— Bktn Andromeda."
Irom Eureka.'
OCEAN STEAMERS.
- CHERBOURG— Arrived Oct 15— Stmr Fuerst
Bismarck, from "New York, via Plymouth, for
Hamburg, and ¦proceeded.
Sailed Oct- 15 — Stmr Kaiser Wilhelm der
Grosse, from Bremen" and- Southampton, for
.New. York.- , ¦
I NEW YORK — Arrived Oct 15-^Stmr Pre
toria, from Hamburg, Boulogne and Plymouth;
atmr Noorge, from Copenhagen."- -
V Sailed Oct 15 — Stmr La Savole. for Havre;
stmr Bhicher,'. from Hamburg, via Cherbourg
and Southampton. ¦ •-
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Oct 15— Stmr Noord
lamJ, for Philadelphia; stmr Teutonic, from
¦Liverpool, for New York.
LIVERPOOL-^Arrived Oct 15— Stmr Ivernia,
from Boston. . , • . .
"¦ Sailed Oct 15 — Stmr \ Bavarian, for Mont
real, via Moville. v
\ GLASGOW— Arrived Oct 15— Stmr Ethiopia,
via Moville, from ; New York.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
s Tho Time Ball ; on ; the tower of the . Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
I. e.. at 'noon of the 120th meridian,: or at 3
p/ m.; ; Greenwich ¦ time/. ' .
-".?¦'. ¦ 3. C. BURNETT,
Lieutenant, U. _ S.» N., in charge.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, TJ. S.' N"., ¦ Mer
. • chants'" Exchange. San Francisco, Cal.,
': ¦•» October 13. . ¦¦¦¦.. ¦ ¦¦ : ¦
• TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. j Sails. I Pier.
~" October. ia f {
Lakme. Arcata direct .....| 5 pmlPler 2
Alliance.... Eureka & Coos "Bay 11 am|Pi«!r 16
Arctic Humboldt.. 4 pmiPIer 10
Chehalls... Grays Harbor .... 5 pm|Pler 2
Coos Bay... San l'edro & Way. 0 am Pier 11
Corona..... Humbotdt .'.. 1:30 p Pier 0
October. 17.
Coronado... Grays Harbor...... 4 pm Pier 10
Eureka...:. Humboldt ..... I I) am [Pier 13
S. Monica.. Los Angeles Ports. ( 9 ami Pier 2
Chico Coquille River.....] 6 pmlPier 2
S. Barbara. Seattle & Olympla. 4 pm|Pler i
Iaqua Humboldt ........ 4 pm j Pier - 2
San Jose N. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
AlameJa... Honolulu 11 am!P>r ?
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. 4 pm]Pler 2
San Pedro. : Humboldt 4 pmlPler 2
October la I -
F. Leggett. Humboldt ......... 10 amlPter 10
Phoenix.... Mendoclno City.... 1 pmjPier 13
Santa Rosa. San Diego Way Pts 9 amiPler 11
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am) Pier 9
Centennial.. Seattle t-Tacoma. 5 pmfPlcr S
October 10. I I
Arto. ...... Eel River Ports.'.". 4 pm Pier 2
Pomona.... Humboldt ....'. 1:30 p Pier 9
- - : October 2O. I
Callfcrnian. NewYork I PJer 23
Bonlta....T Newport & Way Pts| 9 am|Pj e r lft
Uarda Hamburg Way Pts. | 2 pmlPler 10
Rainier. Seattle & Whatcom % pmjPler 10
Columbia... Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
October 21. .. -
Arcata ... Coos B. & Pt.Orfor« 10 am Pier 13
- - October 22. . •
State of Cal San Diego •& Way. 0 am Pier 11
N. Fork... : Humboldt ;...'. 6 pm Pier 2
8. Portland. Astcrla & Portland. 6 pm Pier 2
¦ - October 23. .
Isls. ....... Humboldt Way Pts
Siberia.;..'. Chlna:*'Jap*n....| 1 pmlPler 40
Umatllla.:. Puget Sound Ports. 11 amiPler S
October 24. I - |
Centraila.. G rays- Harbor .....J 4 pmlPier 1O
J Dollar... Seattle & Tacoma.UO am|Pler 2
Barracouta. N. Y. via Panama.!12 ml Pier 40
October 23. J I -
O W.' Elder Astoria & Portland. |llam|Pier 21
October -2tt. | | ¦
Marlposa.; Tahiti ......V. ...HI am[Pler 7
.FROM SEATTLE. . " ' ; »,'
, : Steamer.; ; vFor.y.-- Salla.
Dolphin...... Skagway *, Way Ports.'. Oct. 1«
Santa Ana .... Cooks Inlet & Way Prts Oct. 16
Al-Ki . . ..... . Skagway 4b Way Ports. . Oct. 10
Farallon...... Skagway & Way Ports:/ Ocu 20
City Seattle:.. Skagway & Way Ports.; Oct. 20
'Humboldt. '.'••• Skagway 4 Way Ports. Oct.-21
Nome City.':;. Cooks Inlet & Way Ports Oct. '22
Cottage City. : Skagway 4W«y Ports: Oct.' 26
City Top«ka.V Skagway & Way Port*. Oct. 29
THE Japanese liner Nippon Maru,
laden with freight and crowded
with passengers, sailed yesterday
for the Orient. She . left the Pa
cific Mail wharf promptly at 1
o'clock, and half an hour later was plow-,
ing her way toward tho Golden Gate.
Among the passengers? were many tour
ists, some traveling independently and
others as members of personally conduct
ed parties. Although the Nippon does not
call at Manila on this trip, she carried
many passengers for the Philippine port.
Most of them were Government, em
ployes.
In addition to nearly 100 cabin passen
gers the liner carried a largo number of
Japanese and Chinese, Of tho. latter for
ty-eight were voluntary passengers, six
teen were deported from Arizona, eight
deported from this State, two remanded
and nine^eturned by the Bureau of Im
migration. . -¦ . , ,
The cabin passengers 'included the fol
lowing named: v
For Yokohama — C. S. Averlll, Hugo Blng. D.
H Blake, Mrs. D. H. Blake, two cnildren and
servant; H. E. Bostwick, J. W. Cato, C. A.
Francis, Mrs. C. A. Francis, L. Hoffman. Mrs.
W. W. Lockerby, Fred Meng, Mrs. E. C. Nich
ols, Mrs. F. Penfleld, A. Rasmusgen, Mrs. I.
1. Seaver, Y. TbuJI, K. Yamaeaki, A. Zan
gerie, John Zangerle.
Kobe— W. J. Mitchell.
Nagasaki — James F. McConnochie. .
Shanghai— Miss B. Allen, Miss M. Bernin
ger, Mrs. M. Bowman, Miss A. Brekke, W.
H. Brennan, Mrs. C. Keener, Mrs. E.-Llving
bton. Rev. W. W. Lockwood, ' Mrs. W. IV.
Lockwood. J. S. McConnell. Mrs. J. S. Mc-
Conncll. Miss L. P. McConnell, Mrs. A. Ste
vens. • •
Hongkong— A. S.* Allan, C. R. Bangs, Rob
ert liauld, J. Burns. Miss A. Burns, T. L.
Craig. Mrs. C. R. Craig, Mrs. L. P. Daven-^
port, Madame B. Deblangy, Mi3s M. Dupy, J.
W, Ford, Mrs. J. W. Ford, H. H. Glover,
Miss L. B. Goldsmith. Herbert Goode, Mrs.
Herbert Goode, T. F. Goulden, F. C. Graves,
Mrs. F. C. Graves, Rev. O. Gregory, .Mrs. E.
E. Gregory, Mrs. A. W. Hastings, - Mrs.' C.
Hay ward. Dr. T. Heberle, H. Hornstealn,
Major J. O. Hutchinson, H. M. Ickis. J. A;,
Klrby, T. B. Lawler, o. E. Lautzenheiser,
Miss A. E. Lee, Miss Lewis, H. Luzurlaga,
Dr. W. J. Mallory, Miss L. Maxwell, CF.
Osborn, F. Minisini, A. F. Perry, A. H. Put
ney, C. E. Rapelyea, Mrs. C. E. Rapelyea, J.
Richards Jr., R. H. Rcbson, G. G. Rundle. J.
R.Stewart, H. W. E. Storey, Mrs. H. W. E.
Storey, D. Wilson. Miss C. Young, William
Yule. E. Yule, Mrs. J. R. Stewart. \ —
Honolulu — Mrs. F. P. Rust.
potatoes, 2433 lbs 6 pkgs butter. 25W gals
wine. 2120 lbs chocolate 2280 lbs 2 bxs raisins,
.12,460 lbs 4 pkgs dried fish. 28 cs bread, 1143
lbs sucar, 500 flasks quicksilver, 8 cs electrical
supplies. G6 colls rope. 30 pkgs machinery." 218
bxs soap. 26 pkgs drugs and sundries, i 150S lbs
nuts. 12 rolls leather. 13,710 lbs coffee, 629S
lbs tobacco. SO cs paste, 155 cs table prepara
tions, 5037 lbs beans. 3400, lbs pearl barley,
1320 lbs lard. 2 cs honey. 2 cs boots and shoes.
750 bales drills. 1000 bales sheetings, 10.536
lbs ginseng. 525 casks beer. ¦
To Philippine Islands — 1C11 lbs mlllstuffs, 50
cs canned goods. 672 lbs candy. 100 lbs cheese.
830 lbs ham and bacon, 60 cs liquors, 6 bdls
dry goods, 5 cs • boots and shoes, 12 cs elec
trical supplies. 4 kegs nails. 6 cs drugs, 1 pkg
machinery.. .
To East Indies — 103 cs canned goods. 17 pkgs
groceries and provisions. 113 cs canned salmon
1300 lbs hops. ,22 cs cartridges, 18 bales hay.
1 cs cheese " . .
To Korea— 3544 lbs butter. 10C2 lbs dried
fruit. 63 cs canned goods. ICO lbs 4 cs mill
stufts. 12 pkgs groceries and provisions. 400
lbs sugar, 410 lbs nuts, 1 cs honey, 31 bxs
fresh fruit, 172 lbs cheese. 30 cs table prepara
tions. 430 lbs raisins, 2 cs codfish, 2 cs rubber
shoes, 3 cs drugs. 4 cs dry gqods, 6 pkgs ma
chinery. / - ' . * '
To Vladivostok— 3C0 lbs raisins and 2S8 lbs
mlllstuffs.
AMERICAN SHIP GLORY OF: THE SEAS, FOR "WHOSE SAFETY. GREAT ANXIETY WAS FELT, BUT WHICH IS
NOW REPORTED AT DUTCH HARBOR, .WHERE SHE HAS BEEN ANCHORED SINCE THE MIDDLE OF
MONTH. £
E. Black Ryan sent a communication to
the Board of Supervisors yesterday la
which he makes formal application for
the return of protested taxes paid under
the- special levy for schoolhouses and hos
pital on a total assessment of $4,751,825.
of which the Southern Pacific Railroad la
credited with 5S58,4oo: Central Pacifies
Company, J677.SoO; Southern Pacific Com
pany, $1,020,775; Geary-street Railroad
Company, $449,060; Central Pacific Rail
way Company, $575,300; Pacific^ Improve
ment Company, $1,17O,1S5. The taxes ag
gregate $71,274.
Corporations Want Taxes Refunded.
day in the order of occurrence as to time: th«
fourth tim6 column elves the last tides of th«
day, except when there are but three tides as
sometimes occurs. Tbe heights given are ic
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey, charts, except when a minus ( )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference Is the mean
of the lower low waters.
' Captain Alex Woodslde and Diver Abraham
eon visited the wreck of the Gifford yesterday
in Peterson's launch Sybil. Although the
weather In the harbor has been fine for several
days the sea at Mussel Rock is still restless,
and It was found Impossible even to set clobe
to tho derelict, which Is j rapidly going to
pieces.
Visit the Wrecked Gifford.
Farcical Football Game Does Not
Even Give Cardinal Eleven
Hard Practice.
"What came near being the record
breaking football score for the Pacific
Coast was made on the Stanford campus
yesterday when the cardinal eleven piled
up 57 points to the goose-egg of the team
of soldiers from Fort Baker. So easy
were the b'oys of the artillery corps for
Stanford that It was not even a good
practice" game. The collegians merely ran
the ball down to the goal In one, two,
three order, never giving their opponents
a chanca even to breathe.
The first touchdown was made in-thre-e
minutes, the second in two, the third in
three again, and so the continuous pro
cession down the field went on until the
referee's whistle gave the soldiers peace
ful respite. Only once did the boys in blue
make their distance, and then they were
so surprised that they immediately
fumbled the ball and lost it to the car
dinal.
Lieutenant Hawes, their coach, who is
an old player from the Virginia Military
Institute, .sat disconsolately on the side
lines and recalled that his team of gun
ners had been scored against by -Nevada
last week even to the sad tune of 45 to 0.
The line-up:
Stanford. Position. Fort Baker.
Smith-Clark L. E. R Bowman
Sprott L. T. R... Schilling
Thompson L. G. R Nelson
Hauverman - C Stewart
Hyde R. G. L Wilson-Bell
Htillman ...R. T. L Ewaldt
Preston R. E. L Lloyd
Stott-Bansbach Q Ernsviler
M. Hyde* L. H. R Thompson
D. Tarpey R. H. L Mundorf
Scholfleld F McMasters
Umpire — C. R. Lewers.
Referee — William Blake.
STANFORD DEFEATS FORT
BAKER BY SCORE OF 57-0
The Board of Public Work3 yesterday
put Edward J. Coffey to work as inspec
tor of street sweepings and at it3 next
meeting' will formally appoint him to the
position. Coffey will succeed Thomas
Reagan, who was recently appointed Po
lice Commissioner by Mayor Schmitz.
Coffey was taken from the civil service
list of eligibles for Inspectors in the De
partment of Works and will receive a sal
ary of $100 per month. His duties' will be
to supervise the work of cleaning tha
public streets, which is done under con
tract. Coffey was formerly connected
with the Leader, a newspaper published in
this city. .'.'n' ;¦:*
Board of Works Names Edward J.
Coffey to Succeed Thomas Beagan,
Now a Police Commissioner.
APPOINTS INSPECTOR
OF STBEET SWEEPINGS
R. H. E.
Seattle 2 0 3 0 3 3 11 •— 13 21 0
San Francisco ...0 0010022 5—10 9 3
Batteries — St. Vrain and Byers, Hodson and
Leahy.
PORTLAND, Oct. 15— Both Shields and Fitz
gerald were hit freely in to-day's game between
Portland and Sacramento. The faster playing
of the local team won the game. Score:
Portland 00 101101 • — 4 10 2
Sacramento 0 0000100 0 — 1 9 3
Batteries — Shields and Shea, Fitzrerald and
Graham. Umpire — Levy.
St. Vrain Walks Fourteen, While
Hodson Is Hit Twenty-One Times.
SEATTLE. Oct. 15. — defeated San
Francisco to-day in a game that iras little
fcttter than a Tare*. St. Vrain walked fourteen
men, while Hodson was hit safely twenty-ono
times. The batting cf Brashear and that of
Ziasear were the fatures. Score:
AB. R. H. P. A. ' AtS. R. H. P. A.
OHara,cf 4 2 2 5 2 Hoy.cf . .. 2 10 10
Msknvi.a 4 3 2 12 %Vhelr,2b 3 110 5
S:hw*,2b 4 0 13 1 Smith.ob 5 10 0 1
S!unJk,rf 3 0 0 10 DMcrulb 2 0 1 10 0
Kruser.lf 4 1110 Cravth.rf 4 0 0 0 0
lUtxter.ab 4 0 2 11 Corbet, If 5 0 2 3 1
llf'srly.lb 3 1 1 11 0 Raymd.s. 4 0 13 4
1/itmn.c 4 0 14 2 Splfs.lbc 4 0 15 1
Uiverx.j) 3 1 0 O 2 Hauir.,p.. 4 0 114
Uaear.c. 0 O O 1 O
Totals 33 8 10 27 10 *.N"irWton. 1 O 1 o O
i Totals 31 3 8 24 10
•3aUcd for Eagar in ninth.
EtBXS A.VD HITS BY IXXIXGS.
Ix>s Angelts! 3 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 — 3
Base hits '_» 0 1 1 0 1 0 1 2— 8
O-kland 1 0 3 S 1 0 O 0 x — 8
Base hits 3 13 2 10 0 0 x— 10
SUMMARY.
Stolen bases — Devercaux. O"Hara. Home
runs — M'.<-ri:rran, Mtsserly. Errors — Dillon,
Wheeler. Baxter, Raymond. Spies. Smith.
Schwartz <2). Sacrifice hits — Wheeier. Cra
vath, Messerly. First base on errors — OaTdand
2. Los Angeles 3. First base on called balls —
Off Derereaux 5 off Uauin 2. I^eft on bases —
Oakland 4. Loe Anteles 11. Struck out — By
Devereaux 4. by Haum 1. Hit by pitcher —
Hoy. Doub> play — O"Hara to Messerly. "Wild
pitch — Devereaux. Time of game — 2:00. Um
pi re — M cDona 1 <i .
FASCICAI* GAME AT SEATTLE.
Tbe strain cf playing good ball for a
couple of days told on the Angels yes
terday at Recreation Park. They col
lapsed ere the game had rounded into
shape and from the third Inning on the
Cripples piled up runs, while the Ar.gels
confined themselves to making errors and
swinging wildly at the stray ones Dtver
caux sent over the pan. Ecor?: Oakland
8. Los Angeles 3.
Young Bauia received that bad. kind of
support the southern teara is wont to give
him every time he pitches. At times the
Cripples landed hard on the offerings of
the youthful slabster, yet many of the
bingles were made when the side should
have bten retired before any runs were
put over the pan.
Th« Angels opened up the trouble with a
bunch cf three. Then they were done for
the day. Not another man reached the
home plate. Devercaux seemed to have
them under the spell of his peculiar de
livery for the next eight innings and they
were never in the £oing.
The Cripples got one off Baum in the
initial round. In the third they opened up
again and made three on as many hits
and more errors. The game was not lest,
however, till the fourth. Then with two
g-one and O'Hara and Schwartz on the
tags. Dr. Moskiman cleared the right
field fence and the three came in. Mts
serly repeated the stunt on the center
Held enclosure in the seventh. The bags
were all empty at that time. The score:
Oakland. t Los Angeles.
B. Ward, the father of the decedent,
swore that while the parties .were quar
reling and standing by the table,. Eushnell
picked up the lamp and dashed It to
pieces on the floor close to Mrs. ', Bush
nell and set the table cloth on fire. The
witness ran out of the door with the
burning cloth and did not re-enter the
house until the doctor came. The wit
ness refused to swear that Bushnell
struck his wife with the lamp or aimed It
at her. Before throwing the lamp Bush
nell said. "You'd better go home." Then
he brandished the lamp two or three
times around his head before throwing It
down. —
Such was the 'essential portion of the
verdict rendered by the Coroner's jury
yesterday afternoon In the. inquest upon
the body of Mrs. K. Bushnell, who died
In the French Hospital on October 8 from
burns received on September 12 at her res
idence, 214 Seventh avenue. There was
some positive testimony to the effect that
Mrs. Bushnell told several persons that
her husband had thrown a lighted coal
oil lamp at her and had set her dress on
fire. Dr. T. J. Petne, who was called in
Immediately after the burns were re
ceived, testified that while he was dress
ing Mrs. Bushnell's wounds she said to
her husband, "This is the last time you'll
throw a lamp at me." The doctor testi
fied further that both Mrs. Bushnell and
her husband were drunk. When the wit
ness asked the woman about the matter
later on she denied that her husband had
thrown the lamp.
Mrs. W. Tiedemann, who lives in the
flat upstairs over that occupied by the
Bushnells, told the Jury how she heard
Mrs. Bushnell screaming and calling for
her. She .went downstairs, passing the
husband, who was standing on the front
porch, and she found the Injured woman
on the bed with her clothing burned off
her body. She said to the witness, "Har
ry threw the lamp at me." Then turning
to her husband Mrs. Bushnell said.
"That's the last lamp you'll throw at
ire." Her husband made no reply to
either remark. She told the witness after
ward that her husband had thrown the
lamp and that she would not live with
him any more. She added that when her
husband came home to supper she had a
quarrel with him and she left the house
and went to her mother's, and that when
she returned the quarrel was renewed and
he picked up the lighted* lamp and threw
it at her. ¦
*^'Owing to conflicting evidence we, the
jury, are unable to determine whether
the lamp was accidentally exploded, over
turned during a scuffle, or whether it wa3
thrown" at Mrs. Bushnell We recommend
that the mattter be more fully investigat
ed and that In the proper courts the hus
band be required to clear himself of the
suspicion that he threw the lamp, there
by causing his wife's death."
The petition of the Western Pacific
Railway Company for a franchise on
Sixteenth and other streets went over for
one week.
The petition of the Santa Fe Railroad
Company for an extension of four months*
time to construct a steel bridge on Nine
teenth street was referred to the Board
cf Works for a report. Similar action
was taken with the petition of property
owners that a sewer be built In Buena
Vista avenue and thfe application of F.
T. Newberry for permission to treat the
roadway of Second avenue with heavy
oil. " . - -V ¦'¦
Chairman Curtis said that the Arctic
Oil Company, to which the Union Oil
Company succeeded, had been ordered t»
remove the obstructions, but had failed
to do so' and the latter company was oc
cupying city property to which it had no
right. The committee decided not to con
sider the granting of the privilege for one
year, as recommended by the Board ot
Works, and insisted that the company's
representative appear at next Thursday's
meeting and agree to remove the oil tank3
from the street at once.
Owing to the absence of any represent
ative of the company, temporary permis
sion was granted for one week to use tha
spur track. Captain A- H. Payson of the
Santa Fe Company consented to the con
dition that if the obstructions are not re
moved the spur track will be ordered
taken up in thirty days and the Santa Fe
will refuse to run its oil cars on tho
track.
I The Supervisors' Street Committee yes
terday gave the Union Oil Company to
understand that its application for a per
mit to maintain a spur track already laid
on Illinois street to connect with the
Santa F e system would be denied unless
the corporation would agree to remove
certain obstructions consisting of oil
tanks from the roadway of Illinois street.
A crowd of students gathered at Berke
ley Station after the rally and a few pro
posed to board a train and hold It up. as
was done after last year's rally, but C.
L. Smith of the sophomore class and other
cooler heads prevailed with speeches and
the crowd dispersed.
A pit full of howling, roystering, frantic
students curled around a big- fire gave the
'C7 freshmen football eleven the biggest
rally to-night any freshman eleven ever
got at the University of California. There
were TOGO people there, filling every scat In
the new Greek theater, all of them doing
tbe!r best to , scare the plaster off the
¦walls with their shrieks and warwhoops.
There was a lot of speechmakingr, too,
and it all wound up with the serpentine
dance around the pit, that engaged two
or three thousand young men, hugging
arms by twos, threes and fours.
"Phil" Carey, the yell leader, waved as
much ginger Into the rooters as his White
shirt sleeves would let him.* J. E. Road
house assisted him in the capacity of
master of ceremonies. President Wheeler
was the first called upon, and just as he
was about to begin his speech some one
repeated one of the president's phrases,
"It is sood to be here."
"Which . is iust what I was about to
remark," replied Dr. Wheeler. "The
freshman eleven is usually rather an un
reliable lot, but we expect them to go
straight thiough to victory. They -are
not overconfident, but just about confi
dent enough to lilt the line hard every
time. We expect you freshmen to roll
up touchdowns until you have a victory
that can never be forgotten. We expect
you to do eood. hard work for our be
loved university."
Jesse Steinhart, '01, recalled the old days
when Garry Cochran was at California
and aroused the students to enthusiasm
before the big games; Colonel George C.
Edwards of the athletic committee told
a good slory: Trainer Christie told the
freshmen to "Hit them again, boys, hard
er"; Claude Kern, captain of the fresh
man team, promised to hit the line as
hard as he could; Professor C. L». Cory
proposed the "Oski wow-wow" yell and
told how necessary it is to enthuse; Roy
Smith, ex-yell leader, said there wasn't
half enough yelling, and Sam Stow, the
varsity guard, stirred up the crowd with
pleas for harder work and more-enthusi
asm. «
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Oct. 15.
Moskiman and Messerly Hit
Ball Over Fence for
Home Runs.
President Wheeler Inspires
Crowd With a Spirited
Address.
Story of Tragic Ending of a
Drunken Orgie Is Told
at Inquest.
Permit for Spur Track Will
Be Granted on One
Condition.
Students of Berkeley
Cheer the Baby
Eleven.
Angels Make Many Mis
takes Behind the
Youngster.
Testimony That He
Threw Lighted Lamp
at His Wife.
Union Oil Company Is
Given Ultimatum by
Street Committee.
BAUM RECEIVES
POOR SUPPORT
FRESHMEN RALLY
AT NEW THEATER
BUSHNELL JURY
HAS ITS DOUBTS
MUST REMOVE
OBSTRUCTIONS
THE gAN ;F K ANCTSCO^rCAIili^ FRIDAY^ -, OCTOBER 16, 1903;
Toyo Kisen Kaisha's White Liner Carries a Large Cargo and Nearly 100
Passengers, Among Whom Are Many Tourists and a Large Number of
Civilian- Employes' of the Government ; Bound for Duty in Philippines
JAPANESE STEAMSHIP NIPPON MARU
TAKES DEPARTURE FOR THE ORIENT
10
COOK BOOK OFFER TO
CLOSE OCTOBER 30.
The Call's Cook Book prem-
ium offer will. close on October
SO, 1S03, and all readers of this
paper who desire a copy of this
household treasure should not
fail to* place .their order im-
mediately.
This splendid premium will
be offered to Call subscribers at
the exceptionally low .rate of
fifty cents per ' copy. Out of
town orders twenty cents ad-
didonal to cover prepayment ot
transportation charges.
ADVEETISEMEMTS.
UNITED STATES BRANCH
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION. AND APTAJJB3
OF TBE »
Transatlantic Fire
INSURANCE COMPANY
OP HAMBURG, rs THE STATE OT GER-
maay. on the 31st day of December, a.
D. 1902. and for the year ending on that day.
an made to the Insurance Commissioner of th»
State cf California, pursuant to the' provisions
of sections 610 and 011 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner.
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company $429,800 00
Ca?h in Company's Office 4,747 21
Cash tn Banks 27,797 50
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 3.583 00
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 81,237 31
Due from other Companies for re-
Insurance on losses already paid.. 324 78
Certificates of Deposit In hands of
United States Trustees 49.000 00
Tctal Assets .....2396.401 OS
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $ 820 00
Losses In process of Adjustment or
In Suspense 13.S21 53
Lorses resisted. Including expenses. 4.135 OO
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. $275,704 78;
reinsurance 50 per cent I37.S32 3S
Gross cremlum* on Fire-. Rl3ks run-
ning more than one year. $172,810;
reinsurance pro rata.. 09.377 R2
Commissions and Brokerage due and
to become due 20.803 OS
Tctal Liabilities .»277.311 M
* INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Fire
. premiums ..•-•....$323,653 41
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans snd.from
all other «ources. 13,949 02
ToUI Income $347,602 43
. EXPENDITURES.
N«t amount paid for Fire Losses (In-
cluding $36,711 35. losses of pre-
vious years) .-•• •' ....$134.037 73
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage •- •• S6.313 10
Paid for Salaries." Fees and other
charges for offlcers. clerks, etc... 13.731 72
Paid for State. National and Local
¦ taxes 4.730 10
All otber payments and expenditures 1S.073 31
Remittance to Home Office 43S 21
Total Expenditure* S312.34ft 79
Flr»-
Losses Incurred during the year. ..'.$163,425 20
Risks and Premiums. IFire Risks. Premiums,
Net amount of Risks
written during the ¦
year $33,042,676 $489,630 83
1 Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 33.S63.506 467.T42 18
Net amount In force
December 31. 1002. . 30.411.636 ,-443.5U*g
LEQ,A.: LOEB. Assistant U. S." Manager.
Subscribed and aworn to before me this 23d
day of 'January. - 1C03.
, ARTHUR A. LOEB. Notary tPubllc
PACIlio DEPARTMENT KSTABXJSBZD El 137V.
213 Sansome Street,
/ v San Francisco, Cal.
V. C. DR1FFIELD, ManagerFollowing were the sales on the gan Fran
ctsco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yester
day:
8BSiS3SgSw£ 'Morning Session.
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
200 Andea 24 30O Gould A Cur. IS
200 Andes .'. 2* 2«*> Hale A Norc»- 57
200 Belcher ...'... IB 500 Julia CS
200 Con C & V.V32H 500 Mexican ...1 02H
150 Con C & Va.l 30i 500 Savage 25
200 Exchequer ... 18 > 200 Sierra Nev .. 43
•C EXCHANGE.
sales on the Pacific
lay:
Session.
Afternoon Session.
5OO Alpha. Con .. 08 200 Exchequer ... 19
200 Andes 24 100 Mexican 1 or>
300 Belcher 15 300 Savage 20
200 Chollar 23 300 Savage 2«$
100 Con C & Va.l 30 200 Sierra Nev .. 50
«V)0 Crown Point.. 19 *3f>0 Union Con .. «2
300 Exchequer ... 18 2(10 Yellow Jacket 43
Following were the
Stock Exchange yesten
Morning
PACIFIC STOC
Nearly all descriptions under this head Were
In ample supply and trade was fairly active,
both for local use and shipping account. Ap
plea and Grapes were the principal features
Of the market and prices of both tended down
ward Fancy Bellflower Apples were offering
freely at !»0c a box, a decline, while the tep
quotation wan obtained only for strictly fancy
Spltzenbergs or the King variety, which were
In small supply. Grapes In small packages ar
rived freely from the Santa Cruz Mountains,
and although trade Was fair there was quite
a surplus unsold at the close of business. Re
ceipts of large boxps from Martinez and Stock
ton were liberal and prices ranged lower, with
nothing but Muscat selling over 85c. A small
shipment of Peaches In carriers was received
and cleaned up quickly at stiff prices. A few
small cor.slgjiipents of FIks in small boxes came
in from Sono»a and found ready Kale at good
figures. Pomegranates were in good request at
firmer rates. Pears and Quinces stood as pre
viously quoted and Melons were unchanged.
The freight train .with Strawberries from
Watfionvllle was late again and the receipts
had to be held over for to-day's market. Tha
quotations on Mallnda Strawberries represent
the prices obtained for stock that arrived on
the early express. s The berries that arrived
late on the preceding day sold from 50c to $1 60
a chest. Longworth Strawberries sold at a
wide range, as to condition. Raspberries were
plentiful and easier.
The feature of the Citrus market was the
arrival of six boxes Of new crop Navel Oranges
from Rocklin, Placer County. The Oranges
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
TACOMA. Wash. Oct. 15. — Wheat — lc
higher. Bluestem, SOc; club. 76c.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Or., Oct. 15.— Wheat— Walla
Walla, 74c; blue stem, 79c; Valley, 76©77c.
Wheat shipments from the port for the week
ending to-day amounted to 202,338 bushels.
WASHINGTON.
Northern Wheat Market.
Flour, qr *ks . . 17.S5. 1 ) Wool, balea . 766
Wheat, ctls 230 Alfalfa seed, sks ' 45
Barley, ctls . . . B.3B5 Screenings. »k». 20O
Oats, ctls 730 Feed, sks - ft
Rye. ctls 40O Tallow, ctls ... 338
Beans, sks .... 3.722 Pelts. No 4,041
Potatoes, sks .. 3.100 Hides. No 4«5
Onions sks ... l.fiOOi Leather, rolls .. or
Bran, sks 1.27.1iWlne. gals 8B.80O
Middlings, sks.. 1.072 Brandy, gals .. 3,000
Hay. tons 325;Lime. bbls .... 135
Straw, tons 10 Powder. ¦ car. ... 1
Hops, bale 155'
OREGON.
Wool, bales 122
FOR THURSDAY. OCTOBER 15.
Receipts of Produce.
Nezv York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK. Oct. IS.— FLOUR— Receipts.
23.175 barrel*: exports, 18.265 barrels. Firm
and held higher on all grades. Winter
straight?. $3 Mt©4; Minnesota bakers, $3 «5
et 03.
WHEAT— Recslptc 118,550 bushels: exports.
70.908 bushels. Spot. firm. No. 2 red. 83%c
elevator and 85%c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 North
ern Dulutb. »l%c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard
Manitoba, nominal f. o. b. afloat. Options
showed considerable activity and strength this
morning on a bullish cash situation, strong
outside markets, higher cables and reports of
frost In the morning from Argentine. The
SEATTLE. Oct. 15.— Clearings, $713.P94;
balances. $230,702.
PORTLAND. Oct. 15.— Clearings, $692,609;
balance*. $81,416.
TACOMA. Oct. 15.— Clearings, $2S4,471;
balances, $41,800.
SPOKANE, Oct. 16. — Clearings, $423,534 •
balances. $63,502.
Northern Business.
Nczv York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK. Oct. 15.— The cotton market
closed very steady, net 7ffl0 points higher.
Receipts of RuttT yesterday Included quit*
a lino from Oregon, and ther* were also lib
eral receipt*, of Cheese from the same quar
ter. Both descriptions remained as b'efore
quoted, with stocks unevenly distributed.
Tile scarcity In fine ranch Esk» continues,
and It is about as easy to get 50c as 47^c.
lmt a good many dealers are not disposed to
squeeze their regular customers and only ask
Me to outside buyers. This makes the market
more or less nominal, and everybody makes
hln own quotations according to his Individual
Interests.
Receipts were 67,5^0 lbs Butter, 290 case*
Eggs and 55.200 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery, 27<ff28c for extras and
2Gc' for seconds; dairy, 21(g2»c; store Butter.
l"VS@19c; cold storage, 24<325c; Eastern, 22#
CHEESE— 12>4c for good flats, 13@134e for
choice mild new and ll«?12c for lower grades.
Young America, 13H014C; Eastern, 15^0
lGV&c: Western. 14@15e per lb.
EGGS— Ranch, 45@48c, with Mies at 5<V;
Store, nominal; COld stdrag*. 26(g-2Sc; Eastern.
21#28c per down.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
St. Louis Wool Market.
FT LbutS, Oct. 15.— Wool, dull; medium
grades, combing and clothing. 17<!?21o; light
fine. 15^17 ',4c; heavy fine. 12@ 14 14c; tub wash
err 2Of?30c.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb. In 100-lb bags:
Cubes. A Crushed -and Fine Crushed, o.SSc;
Powdered. 6.70c; Candy Granulated, 5.70c; Dry
Granulated, fine. S.COc; Dry Granulated, coarse.
•VfiOc; Fruit Granulated, 5.60c: Beet Granu
lated (100-lb bags only). 5.40c: Confectioners'
A. 6.60c; Magnolia A. 5.20c; Extra C. 5.10c;
Golden C. 5c: "D," 4.00c; barrels, 10c mere;
half barrels. 25c more; boxes. 60c more; 50-lb
bags, lOo more for all kind*. Tablets — Half
barrels. 6.10c: boxes. 6.35c per lb. No orders
taken for less than eeventy-flve barrels or its
equivalent.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 64®
7c per lb; White Lead, GVt'S'c. according to
quantity.
RICE — China. No. 3. $4 3.V34 45; No. 1,
$5 7.VS5 £»0; extra No. 1, $rt 2. t >@0 50; Hawaiian,
$5 25; Japan, $5 25@5 SO; Louisiana, $i 30'ij
6 75.
OIL — Linseed, 4fc for boiled' and 47c for raw
in barrels; cases, 5c more: Castor OH. in cases.
No. 1, 70c: Bakers' A A, $1 10-frl 12; Lucol. 41c
for boiled and 42o for raw In barrels; Lard Oil.
extra wlntsr strained, barrels, 85c; case*. »0o;
China Nut, 55® 70c per galfon; pure Neatsfoot,
In barrels, 7">c; cases", SOc; Sperm, pure, 75c:
Whale Oil. natural white. 50ig-5oc per gallon;
Fish Oil. in barrels. 45e; cases, 50c; CocOanut
Oil, in barrels, 5Sc for Ceylon and 55c for Aus
tralian.
COAL OIL— Water Whit* Coal Oil In bulk.
14^ic; Pearl Oil In CR(>es, 21c; Astral, 21c;
Star. 21c; Extra Star, 23c; Elaine. 27c: Eocene,
2+c; deodorized Stove Gasoline., in bulk, 17c;
In cises, 23 V4e; Benzine, in bulk. 13c; in case*,
lii'ic; Stf-degree Gasoline, in bulk, . 21c; In
Case*. 27 VieV
TURPENTINE — SOe per gallon in cases and
74c in drums and iron barrels.
CAGS — Grain Bags. 5ijj5>ic: San Quentin.
6.55c; Wool Batrs. ;t2S35c; Fleec* Twine. 7V4
<eSo; Cotton Fruit Bags. «',jc. «%c and 714c
for the three grades; Brown Jute. t>my7}4c.
COAL— Wellington. $S per ton; New Wel
lington. $8- Seattle. $0 W); Bryant. $6 50; Bea
ver Hll! >5 50; Stanford, $7; Roslyn. $7; Coos
Llay $5 50; Greta, $7; Wallsend. $7; Rich
mond. $7 50; Cumberland. $13 in bulk and
$14 2ii in sacks: Welch Anthracite Es-g. $13;
Welsh Lump. $11 50; Cannel $3 50 per ton:
Cokt. $11 50013 per ton in bulk and $15 in
sacks; llocky Mountain descriptions, $.8 45 per
20O0 lbs and $8 60 per ton, according to brand.
General Merchandise.
Ftorks-- ?alef. High. Low. Cloee.
Atchison 23.r^0 «4 «IH «"<
Atehlson rM 300 R7«i P7 S7
Baito A Ohio 1R.JO0 73% 72f» 72*4
r*«.!to a Ohio pfd Mti
<'anad!an Pacific l.i'(/> Ilvu. Jl«;u 11*%
Central of N J U9
ches A Ohio 1.40ft 2»t; 2*^ 28%
rhicago A AHon... 2.4fto 2414 24 - 24H
Chi et Alton pfd.. 600 fi2 62 61 *i
Phi & CJ W 400 I4"5i 14«4 14>4
Chi A- G W n pfd .'. 25%
Chicago A K W... 100 15S14 155U i.vn,
Chi Term A Trans. SOO S«i nj AH
Ctil Term A T pfd. *r«l 16'i 16 I5«*
r C C A fit Hauls. ino 70 70 70
Colorado Southern.. 200 12 11*4 n»4
folo So 1st pfd 400 4*14 4*4 48
Tolo fio 2d pfd 20f> \H% 1«V4 1R%
Dfl A Hudson .. 700 150 149 150
Del Lack A West. TiOO 230U 23OH 230U
Oenvrr A Rio O... 300 my ' 1K % 10
rx-nver A R G pfd. 20rt ««m «5« « B
Erte 14.SOO 27U 2«H 27
Erie in pfd 1.900 66* f£% m
Jp,rtt^ 2d pfd 47S4
Nor pfd 1G0
HocktnK ValJey 67
flochtor Val pfd 74
nimoU Central ... 400 123>,i 128 12»H
on C*ntrsU l 7 i£
<«»wa Ctctral pfd 3^
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
The ;.ord market war dull and Inclined to
be heavy. Total mle*. par value. $2.9O4,00n.
T"nite*l Ftaf-s bnnds m-ere unchanged en the
last call. ,
ment *nd msde a new low record. There was
•*i active ppeculatlon In thi* rtock on its dlvl
rl^nd chancen. but the announrement that the
regular dividend had b*en declared paKped
nlmwt unnoticed. The declaration of an Jn
itif.l dividend r>n Reading pwond preferred.
Immediately following the amalgamation an-
Tiouncment. remed to have a cumulative ef
frct, and there was a sharp scramble among
shorts to cover Juki at the last. Norfolk and
We«tern. Baltimore and Ohio and Chesapeake
pnrt Ohio were exceptionally heavy in the rall
.r'fid H«.t. apparently on the report of reduc
tion in freight rates on soft coal to the
c-^M.. The rvn-.CT that Gould Interests would
acquire the Peabcard Air Line possibly had
fcome influence upon this rroup. Money con
tinurd to work *aMer and tterlinit was In
clined tfi harden.
wirsble opinion of tlie Iron Ac», which acserts
that "eviaently consumption If keejiing up
modi better than would be fupposed from the
«!!»¦'¦¦ u raging reports in circulation."
The renewed break in Crucible Steel pr»
l<n*d at PittFburs. with the offlcisl Intima
liotf'of « iiofslhle parn&gp of the divldendr.
trka another unfavorable factor, nnd the ex
l-ianaM'-n that this mipht be nw^fsar}' to carry
t^i'- Ciairton steel plant, th* i^ale O f which
tf» the United Etatea Pteel Corporation hss
i- n T.(^\ thrrtugh. pave an imr.re«sion cf grow
ing frit tlon in the trade. Or-erators In stocks
1,1;"* k*rt on* BJW on the proceed lng# In the
•iMpbullnlng hearing all day. While the Wall
«ir*ei niind may b* Fupposed to be sufficiently
k: jihleticated to have been already Instructed
<n wm» «f the method* of corporation
.-•Irnininration «hich are being disclosed. Wall
..-•reet tar crown exceedingly fearful of the
cflWt on the public at lart> which may result
frrm the hasted Interest now focused on thl»
}turing. The poor rr.arkrt for industrials.
srMle -lue in r>art to a ftate <vf rr.ind on the
rart of the rublic. l;as s t^rlmjg effect on
their acceptability su> collateral. Some of
their *»»knff« i* i>lslnly due to the fact that
banker? e.re throwing them out of collateral
•fur loan*, cwlnff to the unready maikrt that
n''W exists for them. Atralcamated Copper
shared in the rnrly weaknef^ of this depart-
NEW YORK. Oct. 15.— Th» professorial
tiacerf in stocks renewed their att<:-mi>t to
day to divorce the raoverrsent of the railroad*
iroin trie riejirersine Influence now overhang
ins the industrial securities. The effort m«"t
wiih rather lryy F!^< tk. «>ven than was the
<:»?¦•¦ yesterday. Thero wa« more huFlneft* done
riurihp the first hour th«n at any other time
during th» day. After that the market fell
Snt<< reflect owjne to the evident futility of
the efforts to fcttra^t buMr;? for the railroads.
" her* »af no urgent <. r reneral liquidation
msriifft-t. but the industrial securities contin
ued to puffer In Fp-.tF. The reported disruption
«>f the Southern Tie Iron Association, a fur
tVr fHfht reduction in the price of northern
j-ic and a decline in the oificiai price of cop
ier \ve?t- nolntofi to us c nerete evidence of
pn'ravormble trade c-ondltion*. This view was
:.• ' briKhtenrd by th»- rather negatively fa-
New York Stock Market.
EASTERX MARKETS.
NEW TORK Oct. 15.— Spot tin advanced r.s
in London to £115 10s and £116 6s for fu
tures. Locally tin was steady, but a little
lower, closing at $25 65025 80.
Copper was rather Irregular in Ix>ndon and
13s tid higher at £54 15* 6d for spot, though
futures were unchanged at £54 2s Hd. In New
York copper was quiet. Lake Is quoted at $13
©13 124: electrolytic. $13; casting, $12 024.
Lead was steady In New York at $1 60 and
abroad spot was quoted at £11.
Spelter remained unchanged at $6 locally
and at £20 5s in London.
Iron closed at 60s in Glasgow and at 43s
74d in Mlddlesboro. i/ocally iron vm a little
dull on No. 1 foundry. Northern, which is now
quoted at $16©16 50; No. 2 foundry. Northern,
is quoted at $l5ij?16; No. 1 foundry. Southern,
and No. 1 foundry. Southern, soft, at $15®
15 50.
Nnu York Metal Market.
SHEEP — Receipts. 20,000; sheep and lambs,
steady to 10c lower. Good to choice wetherF,
$3 40<34: fair to choice mixed. $2(g'3; Western
Fheep/ $2 2504 25: native lambs. $3 60@5 9«>;
Western lambs. $3 75«?5 25.
CHICAGO. Oct. 15. — CATTLE — Receipt*,
12,oO(>; Western 6low. Good to prime steers,
$5 7O<35 75; poor to medium. $3 60<j?4 75:
etockers and feeders. $2 25$4 15; cows. $1 40
(??? 60; heifer*. $2ft4 75: canners. $1 40@2 50;
bulls $2@» 16; calves. $2 2505 2.'»; Texas fed
steers. $2 7."i'33 75; Western steers, $3^4 50.
HOGS — Receipts to-day, 9000; to-morrow.
9000. Market. 10c higher. Mixed and butch
ers' $5 60{rt} 20; good to choice heavy, $5 75
@tt 15- rough heavy, $5 25«5 75; light. $5 50<jp
6 10; bulk of Mies. $5 6Tig6.
CHICAGO.
Eastern Livestock Market.
Previous prices rule, with the demand and
supply about balnr.cinsr.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaghterers to dealers
are as follows :
BEEF— tfl7c for Steers and 5®t5c per lb
for Cows.
VEAL— Larfce. C3r7c; small, StJC'e per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 74@Sc; Ewes. 7@74c
per pound.
LAMB — fl@10c per pound. •
PORK— Dressed Hogs, 8t4^H4c per pound.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered in San Francisco, less 50
per cent shrlnkaee for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers. MfiOc; Cows and Heifers,
7@S>c; thin Cows, 4(35c per pound.
CALVES — 4fiM',4c per pounii (gross weight).
SHKEP-yWethers. 34@3%c; Ewes. 3Q3 4c
per pound (cross n eight).
LAMBS— $2 76B3 per head.
HOGS— Live Hoks. 150 to 250 lbs. 5%c;
under 1&0 lbs, 6Va@.5 l ftc; Sows. 20 p*r cent off;
Boars. 50 oer cent off. and b>tacs, 40 per cent
off from above quotations.
Meat Market.
Whe*t— Oct. Dec.
Opening Nominal 8 4"*
Closing 6 5%
PARIS.
Wheat— Oct. Jan.-Apl.
Opening 21 35 21 00
Closing 21 40 20 95
Flour —
Opening 30 25 2R 20
Closing 30 60 2S 20
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Afternoon Session.
2OO Alpha 00 200 Union 60
100 Belcher IS 500 C New York.. 09
600 Justice 06
100 Andes 24 loo Overman .... 22
800 Belcher 15 200 Potosl 23
WO Bullion ! 12 200 Savage 23
100 Caledonia ...IW AW Sierra Nev .. 50
100 C C & Va Hi JMM 100 Union 63
200 Justice 051 100 Utah 20
The following were the sales on the San
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester
day :
Mornins Session.
""""SAN" FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE. ~
Mining Stocks.
Oil Stocks— Bid. Askec
Alma 135
Apollo • 40
Associated Trust Cert 18 20
Artec \to
California Standard 11 \2
caribou v ' ' 1 «> 110
Central Point Con C5
Chicago Crude 21
Clarcmont 25 35
Esperanxa •' 140
Four «* 70
Fulton 3 60
Giant 2O
Hanford 130 00 140 fx>
Home 05 1 00
Imperial 18 00
Independence 19 ' Zft
Junction 19
Kern f, (X)
Kern River .*. 13 BO
Lion OM 04
Monarch of Arizona 48 60
Monte Crtsto 7.1
Occidental of W Va lg 19
Oil City Petroleum 27
Peerless 13 50 14 00
PIttsburg 25
Reed Crude 41 42
S F & McKlttrlck 2 75
San Joaquln O & D 5 25
Senator 75
Sovereign An ;
Sterling 2 90
Superior 06 07
Thirty-three 8 00
Toltec 21
Twenty-eight 4 6O
West Shore 2 90 3 25
Maricopa 12
Miscellaneous —
Abby Land & Improvement.. 1 45 2 00
Alameda Sugar 29 00
American Biscuit 88 00 95 00
American District Tel
Cal Ga* A Electric Corp----
California Cotton Mills (WOO 95 00
California Jockey Club 105 00
California Shipping Co 25 OO
Cal Title Ins & Trust 130 00 140 00
Central Bank of Oakland... 60 00
Chutes Company 8 25
Cypress Lawn Imp Co 6 50 7 25
Fischer's Theater 2 75
(i»% Consumers' Association 22 50
Honolulu Sugar 15 00
Northern Cal Powder 0 00 B .V>
North Shore Railroad , 10 00
Orpheum Company 15 25
Pacific States Tel * Tel /. . 115 00
Pa raf fine Paint 33 00
San Francisco Drydock 47 OO
Sanitary Reduction Works . . 2 25
Saasallto Land A Ferry IS 00
Sperry Flour Company 27 50 30 00
Standard Electric 1* 00
Tesla Coal Co 30 00
Truckee Electric 13 25
Union Susar 22 60
United Gas A Electric 34 50
OFFICIAL SALES.
Morning Session.
Board —
100 Caribou 1 C5
1000 Associated 95
Afternoon Session.
100 Independence 20
Calif orn ia Stock and Oil Exchange
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 20^23c per ib for
young and U&17c for old: Oecs», i>er pair.
$1 76«i2: Goslines, $2(S2 2.'>: Ducks. $5<§5 50
per dozen for old and $5 WKJC ,V> for young;
Hens. $t;4i6 SO for large and $i r.0<g.5 50 for
small- young Roosters, $4 5005; old Roosters,
$4 5005; Fryers. $3 r.O^4 , r .0; Broilers, $3®
'3 r>0 for larse and $2 KOfiS for small; Pigeons,
SI per dozen tur old and $2^2 25 tor Squabs.
GAME— Rabbits, ?1 75 per dozen for Cotton
tail, $1 25 for bush; Hare, $1@1 25 per do2en;
Wild DoveB. $1 r>0 per dozen: English Snipe.
$3 50 per dozen; Common SniD°, $1 60 per
do2en: Gray Geese. $5 per dozen.
The Poultry market was liberally supplied
with local and Western' young stock, and was
easy for that line of tfoods. Three carB of
V.'eatern were received, mnkinjr seven for
the week. Two oars were marketed and the
othrr was held over. Retailers were evidently
well supplied with Fryerx and Rrollern, as the
demand was light and they were quoted lower.
There was continued firmness In young Tur
keys, troslingp and Squabs, and those descrip
tions cleaned up quickly.
Game was in moderate receipt and moved
oft well at previous prices.
Poultry and Game.
ONIONS— flOfiRSc i«>r ctl.
VEGETABLES — Green Corn, 7."C5?1 per
pack: Oreen Peas, 2^-tc. per lb; Strtnc
Beans. 14924c P*r lb: Wax. : Lima
Weans, "¦3©4c per lb; Tomatoes, 25950c per
box; Summer Squash. 3.*i<g'4()c per box: Cab
bage, Gtfc pfr ctl: Carrots, 7.'ic per sack; Cu
cumbers; 40@S0e per box: Garlic, 3Q4c per lb:
<;reen Pepper?. 3.15i5Oe per box for Chile and
6O07&4) for Bell: Green Okra. ,*>0.J?7r.c per box.
Egg Plant, 40a."0c per box; Marrowfat Squash,
$10(812 per ton.
The Potato market continued very much de
prewed for ordinary stock, particularly river
kind* but prices were no lower. Salinas Bui 1 
banks were offerinc freoly and the feelinsr
was a little easier, although the quotations
were unchanged. Three cars of Merced Sweet
Potatoes came in and there wan a *harp drop
In price*. Onions were unchanged and steady
for good stock, while low grade offerings
could not be disposed of at any price.
Receipts of Toiratoeg were less, liberal than
for some days past and pood stock cleaned up
¦well at steady prices, with occasional lots of
strictly fancy selling at a small premium over
the quotations. Ore^n Corn wa% offering; again,
but found few buyers. owin< to the poor
quality of the offerings. Receipts of Lima
Beans were liberal and included much poor
stock, and prices were, lower in consequence.
There were no Wax Beans received. The
other vegetables were In good supply and In
fair request at unchanred rates.
POTATOES — Hurbanks from the river, 50<3
7.V: per ctl; Salinas Hurbanks. $1 25®! 45 per
ctl; Oregon Burbanks, 75Q9Oc P.er ctl; River
Reds. tlCfi7.V per ctl: Sweet Potatoes, $1 25®
1 .".5 per ctl for Merced and $1 25 for Stock
ton.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
firm: No. 3 spring- wheat, 793Slc; No. 2 red,
hie; No. 2 corn, 454@-J6e; No. 2 yellow, 47V«c;
No. 2 oats, 36%c; No. 2 white. 39V»c; No. 3
white. 3<i ! !4e3Sc; No. 2 rye. 644c; good feed
ing barley. 40c: fair to choice maltUir. 42©
47c: No. 1 flaxseed, 05c; No. I Northwe&tern.
$1 02: prime timothy seed. $2 75; mtss pork,
per bbl. $11 30"ffll 35; lard, r>er 100 lbs, $6 70
<?6 75; short ribs sides doose). $7 7.\@S; dry
sailed shoulders (boxed), *6 25®6 50; short
clear sides (boxed). $S#S 124; whisky, batis
of httli wines, $1 25; clover, contract grade.
$10 75610 S5.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 30.200 23.900
Wheat, bushels I75.7O0 1S7.4OO
Corn, bushels 365.000 342.400
Oats, bushol* 31(5.100 159,30))
Rye. bushels 11,400 2.800
Barley, bushels 125,400 13.2W
On the Produce Exchange to-day the buttrr
market was firm; creameries, 1644?204c; dai
ries. U?rlhc. Eggs, 18til9'..jc. Cheese, steady,
lltmVic
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell
about U~c under quotations. .4eavy Salted
i-teers. S> ; !t*c: iredium. b%c: light. »»c; Cow
HiceF Sc tor heavy ar.rt SW for Usthf. Stass,
lc: K!i>. ' : S«!t-.i Veal. 94c;
talteii tali. lW: tb I c. \ *>ye\ dry Kip.
i:icj ury Calf. 17.; -» • .. i-nrlings. 25@
SOo each: xhOrt Wool. UKJtfOo each; medium. 70
®00c; long wool, $l@l 50 each; Horse Hides,
salt. $2 75 for laree and $2^2 50 for medium,
$1 25Q1 75 for small and 50c for Colts; Horse
Hides, dry. $1 75 for Urge and $1 50 for me
dium. $1#1 25 for small and 60c for Colts.
Buck Skins — Dry Mexican. 32c; dry salted
Mexican, 25c: dry Central American. 32c.
Goat Skins — Prime Ansroras. 75c; large and
smooth r>"c: medium. 35c: i^nail. 20o.
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered. 44e per lb; No
2 4c; grease. 24'?"»c.
WOOL— Fail clip — San Joa^uln Lambs'. 0®
lie: Middle County. Ilffl2c; Northern Free.
ll&12c- Northern Defective. lOgllo; Hum
boldt and Mendoclno. 12(gl4c: Nevada. 13@15c-
Oregon. line, 18@19c; Oregon, medium, 17c
r»er In.
HOPS— 20<S23c per lb for California and 20©
23c for Oreron.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Large Whites are the only description to
exhibit firmness, belnR in brisk demand for
shipment. Llmas continue to decline, both
here and at primary points In the uouth.
Mustard and Alfalfa Sefd are selling at the
quotation* below.
BEANS — Bayos, $2 35ig2 55; Pea, $3 23;
Butters. $3 W>: small White. $303 25; large
White $2 55®2 SO; Pink. $2 45(&2 55: llr>6,
$2 0o#3; Lima, $:tf?*$ 55: Red Kidneys.
$4®4 25: Blackeye, $•» ~"lfJ. Co per' Ctl; Hoii*
Beans. ?1 405J1 50. '
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal: Yellow
Mustard. $2 65; Flax. ?1 70^1 SO; Canary,
5fi54c for Eastern: Alfalfa. 12613c: Rape,
l*4624c: Timothy. C®«Wc; Hemp, 3V4@3V^c
per lb; Millet, 3@3M;c; Broom Corn Seed, $20©
23 r>er ton. •
DRIED PEAS— Green, $1 80®2 per ctl.
Beans and Seeds.
Last This Latt
Stations — 24 h*>urs. Season. Season.
•Kureka 3.17 .«8
I><1 Bluff -44 .04
Sacramento -14 .12
San Francisco .17 .21
Fresno Tr.
»n<i*p«>naence Tr. .30
Fen' Luis Obispo -°2 Tr.
Iv« Angeles -43 Tr.
San D:»iw 1 0<J .92
. THE COAST RECORD.
5 n *i <i n 1
• STATIONS. \\ || || :§ | R I
5 e '¦ . ?
faker P.O. 1:0 60 £2 NW Cl»ar .00
«*rton UO.OS 70 56 E Oer .00
F.ureka 2^.»(5 72 K! NW Clear .00
Ksrallon 1"9.»4 r.S 64 NW Fopgy .00
Fresno 92 f-6 SW Clear .00
KlagFtaff 29. RS «2 ."2 E Pt.Cldy .00
Independence .29.f>4 S4 .•*•« SE Clear .00
I-'* Angeles.. 29. M5 72 64 SW Clear .00
Mi TamalpaiE.lr.<.s* M 72 NW Clear .00
rNVirth Head.-.W.'H *^2 T.2 N Clear .00
Thoenlx 2S.S0 S*> r>6 W <Mear .00
I'fK-atello 30.26 <W» 3O W Clear .00
1'ortland 3O.f>4 74 46 N'W Clear .00
l'«'tnt Reyes.. .2S. 92 74 64 NW Clear .O0
Uci Bluff 29. M5 «>2 «2 N Clear .<H>
Uf>wburg .".<'. 00 70 42 NW Clear .0<t
Sscram^nto ...29.S<> M .•>4 K Clear .00
S*!t L&ke if'. 20 *".O 44 NW Clear .00
S»n Krancliico.2:J.;C 72 I'O W <"lear .00
8. L. Obirpo.rXi.'.rt 74 4<J S Clear .00
"San Diego 29>6 fiS CO NW ClPar .00
Seattle 3'«.14 «2 38 N Clear .«i
Sr>oksr.<» 30.2" «*4 S2 FW Clear .00
T«too£h r.f>.]0 62 4S E Clpar .00
"Walla nTaUa.30.18 «« 38 SW Clear .00
Winnnnuwa .30.1*5 70 "2 NE Clear .On
Vuma 29. 7S JM5 Ji <;icar .00
WLATHER CONniTIONP AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
; Th» pressure continues hipli over th» Rocky
Mountain rir«1on and the Pacific Northwest. No
rs:n has Jalltn during the paft twenty-foui
buuni over the w»«tei-n half of the country.
.2^<« tf-mperature has fallen about IS degrees
is the S-an Francisco Bay district and fog yre
\ ails at San Francisco. Ferallon^s and Point
>I»y<*. in the great valley of California the
tt-mperatur** are about 15 d»>gT*<>s above the
!.'.r.:iil and conditions have t*-en very favor
aMa Cor raisin making.
nocecaat made at San Francisco for thirty
bavta pn-iing midnight. C>ctober 1«. HHB:
Northern California — Cloudy, cooler Friday:
llgbt northerly winds in the interior; fresh
wi-teriy winds on th«- caaFt. with fog.
Southern California — Cloudy Friday, with
fr>K ftlong the coast lnthe morr.irig; fresh south.
\\»!-t »md«.
»v£da — Fair Friday.
. Pan Francisco and vicinity — Fair Friday.
»lth fr>c in the morning and at nljfht; bri»k
westerly winds. A. G. McADIE.
* * District Forecaster.
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2 —
December 79}i 79?4 79 794
flay 794 794 78% 79%
* Corn No. 2 —
October 46% 454 <5^i 45^4
December 454 45% 45% 454
May 44^ 444 43% 44
Oats No. 2 —
October i 36%
December S74 374 36% 36%
May 37'« 33 37% 374
Mess Pork, per bbl —
October 1130
January 12 10 12 124 11 95 11 95
J4ay 12 25 12 25 12 074 12 10
• I^ard, per 100 lbs—
October 6 824 6 85 6 65 6 65
December 6 S5 6 85 6 674 6 70
May 6 JK> 6 90 6 724 6 724
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs —
October 8 45 8 45 8 40 8 40,-
January 650 050 6 85 6 374
May 6 424 6 424 6 40 6 424
Prices stand about the same, both here and
at Western points. The markets everywhere
ars more or less quiet.
CURED MEATS — Bacon. 124c per lb for
heavy, 13c for light medium, 15c for light.
154c for extra light, 184c for sugar-cured and
l'Jc for extra suear-cured; Eastern sugar
cured Hams. 154©15?ic; California Hams. 15
©lfiHc: Mess Beef, $11 50 per bbl; extra Mess,
$12#12 50; Family, $13@13 00: prime Mess
foik $19: extra clear. $25; Mess, $20; Dry
Salted Pork. I2«4c; Pig Pork, $28; Pigs 1 Feet.
$5 20; Smoked Beer. 15c per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 7%c vtr lb for
compound and »%c for pure; half barrels,
pure, 10c; liMb tins, 104c; 5-lb tins, 10%c;
3-lb tins, 10*; c.
COTTOLENE — One half barrel, 9%c; three
half barrels, 94c; on* tierce, 9%c; two tierces.
9 >4c; five tlercen, 9^c per lb.
Provisions.
Though receipts of Hay are more moderate
than several days ago, the market is well sup
plied and the general tone Is weak. Prices
show no variation.
Bran nnd Middlings continue firm, but dealers
are quoting more of a range In prices.
BRAN— $21 50«523 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— *25<52S 50 per ton.
SHORTS— $21 60^23 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley. $24325 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. $26@26 50: job
bing $27@27 50; Cocoanut Cake, $21@22; Corn
Meal $32 50@33: Cracked Corn, $H3@33 50;
Mixed Feed, $22 50#23 50; Horse Beans, $28@3o
per ton.
HAY — Wheat. $13016, with sales of extra
choice at $16 60; Wheat and Oat. $12 50<8
15 60; Oat. $12 60®14 60; Wild Oat. $11 60<tfl
12 50: Barley. $10©12 50; Stock. $9@10: Alfai
fe, $10®ll 50 per ton.
STRAW — 10065c per bale.
Hay and Fecdstuffs.
The following in the •eat-onaJ rainfalls to
date, as compared with these of tame date
list season and rainfall in last twenty-four
h^ur»:
fl2fvth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Oct. 15 — 5 p. m.
Weather Report.
Con for money.88% Mo Kan & Tex 17
fon for sect. .88 11-16 N Y Central . "nftu
Anaconda 84 Norf * Western Ml'
Atchison 65 T4 Do pfd ... *»o
Do ptd W)H Pennsylvania " «nv4
Bait A Ohio 76 H Rand Mines . " flu
Canadian Pacific. .121 Reading ... -.- 23U
Chetap A Ohio... 40^ Do 1st pfd "" aa
Chicago G West. IS Do 2d pfd " 31
Chi Mil * et P. 1394 Southern Railway' 17%
De Beers 194 Do pfd . 73U
Denver A R G... 1»% Southern Pacific. 4o2
Do pfd ex Union Pacific ... 71 vZ
Erie 25% Do pfd g7^
Do 1st pfd .... 67% U S Steel lasi
Do 2d pfd 484 Do pfd M14
Illinois Central ..I224Wabash 18*;
Louis A Nasb ...100 ' Do pfd 30
Bar silver, steady. 28 Mid per «unc<». Money
1 4<J2 t>er cent. The rate of discount In the
or*n market for short bills Is 3% per cent,
and for three months* bills is 233% per cent.
LONDON CLOSINO STOCKS.
Money — # 1 Mining —
<~«11 lnans 34£t Adv«itur« 3
Tim* loans 5 *!6Allouez 414
nnnfls — 'Amalgamated 25}*
Atchlscn 1» 97*4 Bingham 20H
>I«xi<-»n Cpn 4*.. CS r»lum«>t & HecIa.43.V
Ilailrcads — iOntennlaJ 14«A
Atchis=on 634 ropper Range ... 42*1
r>n pfd Sd\ Dominion Coal ..63
Bofton * Albany . 24s (Franklla 7
Boston i:iev A tPd..l3Qi^!lsle ROvale ... fl
N V N H A- H...1P-J I Mohawk 35
Union Tacifl- ....«> O |d Dominion .. «
Mfxlcan Ontrsl.. 9>£'On?eola SOU
Misc«"IIan«-ouF— Parrot . . - lfi
American .1091,4 Quincy go
Pop f <! 1l« Panta Fe Copper. 1U
Amer Tel ft Tel. 121 't Tamarack . 7,',*
l>om I St Fteel... " 5
Mass Electric ... lgUlUnlted Sta'te^"!; 17
Do pfd 7< ;ftah ... «4
VnltM Fruit !>3 |Vletoria . *«U
U 8 Steel 12^,\Vinona ... ."'." nil
Do pfd C^i.Wolverlne ; 63
Wettlnghse com.. <U I
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Adams On WjLitt]* Chief 07
Altc* 14 Ontario 450
Brw* lOiOphlr 120
Brunswick Con .. 04 Phoenix 07
«>>mMock Tunnel. .OCUjPotosi 21
•"on C &- Va I 20 1 Ravage 25
Horn Silver I <"»!Sierra Nevada . fiO
Iron Pllver 1 SOgmall Hopes 21
IxadvillP <'on 02 Standard 190
Kansas City So 17^4
Kansas City So pfd 100 30 30 30
Louis & Nash 1.200 97 964 * 7
Manhattan L 1,600 1304 1294 130%
Mertopolitan St Ry $00 103 H 102% 102$i
Minn A St Louis 40
Missouri Pacific ... 8.600 87 T 4 S7 87J4
Mo Kan & Texas.. gr>0 1SU 16 lfttf
Mo Kan & Tex pfd. 100 33«i 33% 334
N R R of Mex pfd 300 38 3« 384
N Y Central 1.900 116 115% 115'*
Nor & \Ve*frn ..6.400 56 64 % 55%
Nor A Western pfd 1.800 874 S74 $7
Ontario & Western 500 2OH 18% 10T»
Pennsylvania 25.700 117^ 116% ffih,
Pitts C C fc B L. 100 694 * 5»4 66
Reading 20.200 46»* 45U 45%
Reading let pfd .." 75
Reading I'd pfd .. 100 C3 63 64
Kock Island Co... 69.600 23T4 234 234
Rock Island Co pfd 400 55 574 5S»i
St L & S F 63
St L A S F 1st pfd 60
Ft L & S F 2d pfd. 700 44** <3-i 44
St Louis S W 100 12*i 12H - 12»i
St Louts S W pfd. 300 304 30 30
St Paul 15.200 135', 134% 135%
Ft Paul pfd 170
Southern Pacific... 8.200 3»? g 89H 39T»
Southern Railway. 3.2O0 17 16% 16!fc
Southern Ry pfd.. 800 71 70Vi 70%
Texas A Pacific .. 400 22 21 H 21%
Tol St Louis & W 16
Tol St L A W pfd 23
Vrticn Pacific 18,600 69% 6RT(, 69%
Vr.U.n Pacific pfd.. 100 84 84 SI
¦VV&baEh 300 17 - 17 17%
Wabash pfd 1,600 £»% 2S% 28»i
Wh^rl «. L Erie .. 100 13*4 13^ 13$
V.iMcnsln Cent ... 300 154 154 15
Wisconsin On pfd. COO 3*4 34 3fft
Exprfj-s Companies —
Adams 100 224 224 223
American 175
United States 100
Wells-Farpo 200
Miscellaneous —
Amalgamated Cop . 76.R00 35% 35% 35%
Am Car & F 4.500 194 1~% 18
Am Car & F pfd. 2.900 62>, 61% 63V4
Am Linseed Oil 8*i
Am Lin Oil pfd... 2<*) 28 28 27
Amer Locomotive.. 2.500 114 104 114
Amer Looo r>fd 2.400 70 674 68i4
Am Pmelt & Ref. 14.600 S9»i 37% 38
Am Ftr.elt A R pfd. 2.50O R4H K0>4 81
Am Sugar TW 10.ROO 1094 10S4 1094
Anaconda Min Co. 1.000 02 r.9^ €0
Brooklyn Rap T... S0.,W> .11 4 T.0 30%
Colorado Fu«-1 & I.. 300 27 26'i 26
•'"olumhus A II Coal .W 10 1ft 94
rnr.J»olldat»d Gas... 200 171 170H 171
<;<>r>rral Electric 1414
Inter Paper 700 lOVfc 10% 10Vi
Inter Paper pfd 400 60» s •JOH 60
Inter Pump P.1
Inter Pump pfd f5
National Flsruit .. l.IHVt 34«i 32 32%
National. Lead r^x> 12 114 12
North American 70
Pacific Mail 1«H
People's Gas 2.0<X> PO R5)i, ftrt^i
Pr>5*ed Ptepl Car . 2. J 00 2» 28 2P
Fr^se.! ,«tef 1 C prd. 14KX) 69 67 fi7»i
Pullman Palace ("ar 2f>7
P.epubllo Steep • 1,400 74 74 "U
Rppublir gteel pfd. 1.6O0 65»- 4 S4% B5\i
Ruhl>er Ooode 13 >»
RuMvr Goods pfd 6714
Ter.n Coal & Iron. 2.700 2* 264 2rt$»
1" P I^sth^r 2.9O0 «*i C.% fi%
O t- leather pfd... 5,200 73 71 4 72%
T* S Rubber 6.4O0 R - t \ s
T' S Rubber pfd .. r.00 83 35 34
V S StePl 15.7O0 13 12-\ ' ]2*i
T" S Steel pfd 34.000 r.S4 67*4 S"»Vi
Tnfon 300 SI S04 si
Total sal*-* 425.700 shares.
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCIPro.
NEW YORK, Ocf. l.V— San Francisco bond
trar^artlons: 2000 at 7«?<.
NEW YORK BONDS.
V S ref 2s reg. . .lOfii^jL & N Unified 4s 9S'i
Do coup li«ij Man c gold 4s...]0OiA
I>o 3b rcg lOT'i'Mox Ont 4s 70
l»o coup If* 1 /* ' Do 1st inc I35j,
rio new 4s rejr.134 jMinn A S L 4s . . 00
I>o coup 135 jM K A T 4s P64
IVj olJ 4s reft. .llOUl Do 2ds 75
no ooun 110VN R n of m t to 74
Do r. s r eg 101 1, "N Y Cent g 34s 97%
Do coup 1024'N J Cent g 6s.. 129
At^-h ren 4s !»it 4 ;Nor Pac 4s 100*i
IM adjt 4s *r»»i Do 2s 70
Atlantic roast 4s !W)% Nor & W c 4s... P4«
Ralto A- Ohio 4f. tW% O S L 4s & P... 8»%
Do 3»,s n.t F'cnn oonv 3Vj*.. flS%
Ont of Ga r>s 10.'. Read Gen 4s »5>A
Do 1st fnc rtfit; B L & I M c 6s..in<Ti4
rhes & Ohio 4'4sI014 J5 L & P F fg 4s 81%
Chi f.- Alton 3u,s 71« 4 ,S L S W 1st* 94'
r B & q n 4b... »2 (Sea A I«ine 4s... 64
C M * 8 P g 4«.10«», ;sou Pac 4s B5VJ
< hi & M W c 7s. 132 ;Pou Railway r.B.112»i
«' R I & P 4s.. 71 Tex & Pnclfio istslIfL
r R 1 * P c 5s.. 71 T S L & W 4s.. flft*" 1
C C C A S L g 4s ».%4 Union Pac 4s JOvii
rTii Tpitti 4s 7314] ®° e °n *"¦ 91
*'<-.n Tobacco 4s.. R2*«iU H Steel 2nd 5s. Wli
«-nlo & Fo 4s K24 Wabash 1st* ...115
Denver A R O 4s. 99 Do Deb B 62
KM* prior lien 4s »?>% W A L E 4s SO
i:r1» Gen 4* 03 Win C*n 4s 8ft
r w a- n c m.io3t;|e f & 1 5* 674
Hcx-kln? Val 4>4slO4»i!
NEW YORK MINING FTOCKF.
FLOUR — California Family Extras, $4 60®
4 85, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $4 60@4 60;
Oregon and Washington, $3 90@4 20 per bbl
for Family and $3 00® 4 40 for Bakers'.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices in packages are as
follows: Graham Flour, $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye
Flour, $3 25; Rye Meal, $3; Rice Flout. $7;
Corn Meal, $3 25; extra cream do, $4; Oat
Groats, $4 50; Hominy, $4@4 25; Buckwheat
Flour. $4 60<g4 75; Cracked Wheat, $3 75; Fa
rina, $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 60; Rolled''
Oats, bbls. $7 2SfSS 60; in sacks, $6 "5«j* 10;
Pearl Barley, $6; Split Peas, boxes, $7; Green
Peas, $5 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
CHICAGO. Oct. 15. — The sentiment in the
wheat pit was decidedly bullish throughout the
day and the volume of trading was large.
Opening prices were firm on higher cables and
on a private dispatch from Buenos Ayres
stating the crop vu damaged by frost. De
cember was up H@%c at 79>4@79>4c. and with
active covering by shorts the market became
firmer. Substantial advances on the outside
markets with the cash situation at Minneapo
lis strong tended to Increase the anxiety of
the shorts. The feature of trading was the
heavy baying of prominent houses which had
previously been on the bear side of the mar
ket December advanced to 79 T /gC but late In
the day a prominent trader turned seller, dis
posing of In the neighborhood of 1.000.000
bushels of December, "and this caused a loss
of part of the gain. The close, however, was
strong, with December up *»e at 79%c.
Corn ruled firm, being helped largely by the
strength In wheat. There was more or le«s
covering by local shorts. December closed a
ehade higher at 45%®45Hc.
Oats did not follow the upward tendency of
wheat and corn. The market was dull. De
cember closing *»c lower at S6%c.
Inactivity of trading caused weakness in
provisions In th» face of an advance of from
10(gl5c In the price of hogs. The- close was
weak, with January pork off 12}4o, lard 17^4
g20c down and ribs 17V4c lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Chicago Grain Market.
NEW FRUIT — Apricots, 7©9%c for Royals
and 9<gllc for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples,
4%@5&c; sun-dried. 3%©4c; Peaches. 5@7c;
Pears. e<§10e; Nectarines, 4^5%c; Fitfs, white,
4®4?4t: in hoxesi-Plums, pitted, 5^53 per lb.
PRUNES— 1903 crop, 2%$3»4c tor the four
sizes.
RAISIN'S — Following are rrlces free on
board to common shipping points: Imperial
clusters, $3 per 20-lb box; Dehcaa clusters,
$2 50; fancy clusters, $2; 3-crown London Lay
ers, $1 55; 2-crown London Layers, $1 45; 4
crown standard loose Muscatels, b'4O7c per
lb; 3-crown standard loose Muscatels 6>4@
O^c; 2-crown standard Muscatels, 6@6&c;
Seedless Muscatels, 5c; Seedless Muscatels,
floated. 5 Vic; Seedless standard Sultanas, 5c;
Thompson Seedless standard, 6c. Ihe follow^
insr auotations on seeded are for a limited
quantity only: Fancy. 16 ounces per lb. 7Hc:
fancy. 12 ounces per package, 6%c; choice, 16
ounces per lb. 7^4c; choice, 12 ounces per pack
age. Ck<*; fancy, bulk, per lb, 74c; choice,
bulk, per lb, 714 c.
NUTS— Walnuts, No. 1 softshell, 13%c; No.
2. 11 Vic; No. 1 hardshell, 13c; No. 2. lie;
Almonds, lie for Nonpareils. lOiJc for I X L,
10V»c for Ne Plus Ultras and 8%c for Langue
doc; Peanuts, 607c for Eastern; Ferans. ll@
13e; Cocoanuts, $4 50(95; California Chestnuts,
l(K?15c per lb.
HONEY — Comb, new, 12ii@14e for white
and fefcllc for amber; new water white ex
tracted, 5%O6%c; light amber extracted, 5c;
dark, 3^®4V4c
BEESWAX— 27®29c.
Dried Fruits, Nuts, Raisins, Honey
Anna O'Nell (owner) with H. O. Noyes (eon
tractor) architect All work for a 1
story and attic frame building on lot on E line
of Nineteenth avenue. 173 N ftf «,•»*&*» **
by E 120. Outside Lands block 653: $2210.
M Friedman ft Co. (owners) with C. w.
Harsen (contractor»». archlteeU Henry H.
Meyers and C. R. Ward— All work for altera
tions and additions to building on lot on SE
corner of Eighth and Brannan streets: $3240.
Wellman Estate Company (owners) with
Bryan, Elevator Company (contractors), archi
tect J. E. Krafft— 2 electric power freight elf
vatcrs and I dumbwaiter and 1 small sample
lift for a 4-story and basement brick building
on lot on W line of East street. W S of Jack
1!k1H, W 137:6. S 04. E 52. S 20. E S»:«:
* 5 Edward Nelander (owner) wtth H. B. Pin
ney (contractor), architect — — All work for a
lU-story frame building on lot on W line of
Ftest avenue 100 N of B street. N 23 by Vi
12»V Outside Lands block 294: $2730.
ClarenoVT E and Guldo J. Musto (OWlwrt
wtth Chesney A Dumford (contractors), archi
tect C A M»u«sdorff8r— All work «r*eept
plumbing, rasflttinif. sewer work, palntln*.
Tinting gas fixtures, shade*, electric and m»r
hi* work for two 3-story and basement butld
inrs (6 flats) on lot on E line of Larkln str«?«t.
K of Washington, N 81:6 by E 137:6; |IS.-
Sam« owners with H. J. Peraali (ecntrac
tor) architect same — Plumbin*. gastltting and
sewering for unw on same; ?1W.
Same owners with H. Maundrea (contractor),
architect same — Patntlar, tinting, etc.. for
same on same; $1400.
Same owners with Joshua Heady Machine
Andrew E. and Minnie E. Smith to Mary
A. Smith, lot on SW corner of Twenty-fourtii
and Folsom. streets. S 100 by W 35; $1<>.
Davis Bros. Corporation) to Chaxl«s C. Oeb
hardt lot on X line of Geary street. 4O:A E of
Grant avenue. E 40:1 Vi. N 62:6. W O:7V4. 3
2:6 W 39:6 S 60. quitclaim deed; $10.
Patrick Healy (alias Haley or Healer) la
Marcelln Chavanette, lot on Tfc line of Ham-
Ion street. 66 N of Green, N 71:6 by W 53;
$1500.
Bridget Campbell to Mary W. Spelman and
Catherine Campbell, lot on SW Hn« of Geneva
street, 137:6 SE of Brannan, SB 27:6 by SW
64: gift.
Emil Gunzburser to Oscar Herman, lot oa
w line of Fifth avenue. 125 S of California
street. W 120 by S 25; $10.
Oscar Hey man t» Otto L. Levy, same; $10.
William R. H. and Georgian* A. Adamson
to L. O. McMullen, lot on W lin« of Thirty
first avenue. 260 S of Point Lobe* avenue. 3
56:10 by W 120: $10.
Albert Meyer to H. F. McMahra. lot on W
line of Nineteenth avenue. 200 N of I street.
N 60 by W 120; $10. ., v. '
Home Investment Association to Mehe!s3
Barry, lot on E line of Thirty-first av«nu». 1C*»
Sf(Q street. N 50 by E 120; $10.
Charles Thompson to Sophie Thompson, let
on E line of Thirty-ninth avenue. 200 N of
V street. N 25 by E 120; aUo lot on W lin*
of Thirty-eighth avenue. 100 S of U street s
25 by W 120; also lot on E line of FortUV
avenue. 100 S of V street. 8 75 by E 120; aU»
lot on S line of V street. 57:6 E of Fortieth
avenue. E 50 by S 100; also lot on E tine cf
Fortieth avenue. 100 S of V street. S 75 by B
120. also lot on W line of Thirty-second ave
nue. 250 S of J street. S 50 by W 120; also loc
on N line of V street. 32:6 W of Tbirty-nlnth
avenue. W 50 by N 100; gift.
Sophie Thompson or Maria 8. Thompson t*
Solomon Getx. lot on 8 ltn« of V street, 57:8
E of Fortieth avenue. E 60 by S IOiV. also lot
on E line of Fortieth avenue. 10O S of V street.
S 125 by E 120; also lot on N line rvf V street.
32:6 W of Thirty-ninth avenue. W 50 by N
100; also lot on W line of Thirty-eighth ave
nue 100 S of V street. S 25 by W 120; also lot
on E line of Thirty-ninth avenue. 200 N of V
street N 25 by E 120; $10.
F and Louise Klrchhoflter to Annie Cr»i«h
ton.' lot on SW line of Geneva avenu*. 185:«
N \V of Howth street. NW 60 by SW 100: also
lot 162 block 3 Fairmount: also lot on E lln»
of Sixth avenue. 225 S of Clement strtet. S 2.'.
by E 120: $10. .r „
G C. Martin to J. W. 8mith. lot on NB line
of Fifteenth avenue 125 SE of R street. f»E 2r»
by NE 100 block 293. O'N. A H. Tract: $10.
Margaret and Richard Cotter to S. Duca* &
Co lot on SW line of San Bruno av«nu«. 13<>
SEof Woolsey street, SB 50 by SW 120. lots
19 and 20 block 7. University Mound; $10.
Albert C. Aiken to same, lots 19 and 20.
block 7 same, quitclaim deed; $5.
S. Ducaa Company to Milo J. Oillett. lot on
SW line of San Bruno avenue. 150 SE of Woot
sey street SE 50 by SW 120. lots 19 and 20.
block 7. same; $10.
Frank Lindsay to Addle E. Lindsay, lot o5.
block D French A Oilman Tract; $10.
Isabella Inches to Robert or Robert W.
Inches, lot on N line of Fell street, 155:7 W or
Van Ness avenue. W 22:11 by N 120; gift.
Charles W. and Rose A. Waller to Clar#nce
E Musto lot on W lln« of Webster street.
110 N of Green. N 27:6 by W 107:6; $10.
Mbert Meyer to Stringer Storage Company
(corporation), lot on 8 line of Sutler str-et. no
W of FUlmore. W 82:6 by 8 137:6; also lit
on S iine of Sutter street. 103 W of Fillmore.
W 5 by S 137:6. being portion of alley de
scribed as S line of Sutter street. 100 W of
Fillmore. S 275 by W 10: $10. ¦ -¦¦¦-' "
City and County of San Francisco to mien*
Waanemacher. lot on SW corner of O'Farreil
and Betaeman streets, W 60 by S 45: $ .
Estate of Anna M. Christy (by William K.
Christy, administrator) to Medard<>Garcia. lot
on S Mne of Jackson street. 220 W of Scott.
W 27 :« by S 127:SVi; *750O.
Coroline Harris to same, lot on S line ©r
Jackson street. 163 E of Devlsadero. E 27:6
y Dunea'n A.' and Hattle A. McN.e t» Jul.a
J. Morrison, lot on N line of McAlUter «tr«t.
182* E of Broderick. E 25 by N 137:6; $10.
ChariVs J. Walker ta R. A. Walker, lot 31.
Western Addltfon block 592. quitclaim deed; $1.
Griffith B. Griffiths to * mel^ G Jj"" h J: f
on W line of Valencia street. 200 N of Four
teenth N 70. W 23 by N 33; also lot on N
line of Fourteenth street, 200 W of Valencia.
Savings and Loan ***»$^£imrj**
Caroline XV. Edlnger to Emll A.. XVllhel-
USES gUgii ijjtas
of Fifteenth and Castro streets. E *S by N OO.
5t £nnhi<» C Buhne to William F. and Susie
BuWSr lofon W line , »fj Guerrero street.
-6:6 N of Twenty-seventh. N 25 by w *^-
John F and Maria A. Anderson t«» VHlnel
by U j,'pob an a r| : R<£al!e Schoenfeld to John T.
Fltxhenry 3 lot on 'In. of D.«m«|d -tre. t.
$^"™*'*&*M% » 885!
* William Tujtgey to Albert W. Lehrke. l«t on
E Hni o™ Mississippi street. 25 N of Solano or
l W. anf Ma y r.e ffifco James Greig.
line of Nineteenth avenue. 275 N Of I street.
5abSSff8ffg5 «° ™* * Irvine
lot on E line of Forty-seventh avenue. 200 3
of J *tre»t fl M) by E 120; $10.
Same to'' Leonard Canmont^ lot on SE line
n r xtailrM stree* ITS NE of Franc* avenu*.
NE 25 by IeIOO. block 39. Excelsior Home
"Mary^Caldwell to Jacob Heyman Company
lot *n NE line o? Credent street. 675 SB of
South avenue. 9E 23 by NE 1C0. lot 39. block
\"t O he y rln r . ar A. : and Michael M.Cann to Rose
MeCann lots 62 and 64. Holllday Map A. b-.
in? two lots on W line of Porter street. 2» by
'°E>tIte S f David L. Farnsworth .by Fannt*
p. Farnsworth. executrix) to O. Sertbn»r. lot
on W line of Belmont » v « nu *-^ 17 v^. f 7 n m
point where said avenu* turns from N^ « n ;»
&E course to N and S course. S 30. H« «¦
NW 2O77. NE li:»54. part of lots 30 and 31.
block O. Sunset Heights; $1200.
Builders* Contracts*
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
STREET RAILROADS.
California .. — 205 (Presidio .... — 41
Geary — SO 1
POWDER.
Giant 66 67 /Vlgortt — 5
SUGAR.
Hana P Co. — 15c KUauea SC-* 6
Hawaiian C. 44% 45% Makawell C. 20% —
Honokaa S C 12% — Onomea S C. 32 33
Hutch SPC 0T6 10 Paauhau S C 15T4 —
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack. — 158 ) Oceanic S C. — 7
Cal Fruit As 94 — Pac A F A. 2% —
Cal Wine As. — 96 IPac C Borx.167 — -
Morning Session.
Board —
10 Giant Powder Con 67 00
20 Paauhau 8 P Co 16 00
X0 Spring Valley Water Co. s 10. ... 4O CO
40 Spring Valley Water Co 40 00
Street—
50 Trustees Certificates (S F G A E) 68 50
Afternoon Session.
Board —
45 Hutchlnson S P Co 10 00
75 Makawell * 21 00
$irwOOO Pacific Electric Ry 5 per cent.100 75
50 S F Gas Si. Electric Co 67 00
50 Spring Valley Water Co. s 10.... 40 00
20 Spring Valley Wat«r Co 40 00
t Street —
10 Spring Valley Water Co, s 10.... 40 00
Mer Trust... 225 —
Merch Ex . . — —
S F Nationl. — —
BANKS.
Sav & L Soc. 95 105
Sec Sav Bk.400 600
Union T Co. — —
! •
Anglo-Cal ... — 95
Bank of Cal — 485
Cal Safe Dp. — 160
First Nationl — . —
k SAVINGS
Ger S & L. — —
Hum S & L. — —
Mutual Sav.. — —
S F Sav U..600 —
S F G & E. 66% 67
IN8URAKCB.
Firem's Fnd.325 350
BANK STOCKS.
Am Nat Bk. — 125 |L P & A.... — 170
THURSDAY. Oct. 15— 2 p. m.
UN1TED STATES BONDS.
Bid.Ask. N S R 5s... 100 —
4i qr coup.. — — OGLH5s. — —
4s qr reg — — O T Co 6s.. — 121
Bid.Ask. O T Co 5s.. — 114
4s qr (new). — — Do con 5s. 103 —
3s qr coup.. — — O W C g 5s. — $7«-i
Ala A W R». — — Oceanic S 5s 75 79
Bay CPC 5s.lO3 104%Om R C 6s. — 122%
Cal C O 5s. — 104% Pae G Im 4s. — —
Cal G & E «f IPERy 5s. 103% —
m & ct 5s. — 102% P & C H 6s. — —
Cal-st 5s.... — — P&ORd. — —
C C Wat 6s. — 102 Powell-st 6s. — 114
E L A P 6a. 125 130 S E GAR 5s. — 103*4
F A C H 6s. — 11«% PF A SJV5«. — 117%
Geary-«t 6s.. — 90 S R of C 6fl. 112% —
HC A S5%slOl — Is P of A 6o
HC&85sO8«4 100 (1800) — 108
Ho R T 6S.106U108 (1910) 108%109
L A Elec 5b. — 105 8 P of A 6s
L A Ry 5s.. 112*4113% a905)Sr A.102 —
L A L Co. 6s — — <1906)Sr B.103 —
Dogtdte.. — — <1906) 104% —
Dogtd5s..l02 — (1912) — 117%
LAP lem 6s. — 103% SPC 1 eg 5». — 118%
Mkt-st C 6s.llS — I Do etmpd.. — 1O9',4
Do lem 5s. 115 lift S P B R 6s. 131 —
NRR of C 6s — 107% S V Wat 6s.lO5% —
Do 6s 114 — Do 4s 2dm. 09 100
N P C R 5s.lO« — Do 4s 8dm. 9ft —
N C R 5e.. — 112%Ftkn G&E 6s. J>8 —
N C P C 5s. — — )U G A E 5s. — —
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa. 35 47 IPort Costa... — —
Marin Co ... 61 — (Sp V W Co 39T4 40
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L k P. 3% 4% S F G A E. 66% 67%
Mutual E L. 11*4 13 S F Gas 3 —
Pac G Imp.. — 53 Stock G&E.*. —
Pac Lighting 65 — UO&E..— —
Fac E G & R — —
TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES.
Stock and Bond Exchange.
¦ Shipment of $3769 in treasure to Hongkong.
Xo viaicrial cltange in financial quotations.
Wall-street Stocks steady on the defy
Local Stocks and Bonds quiet and without especial feature.
Wheat and Barley firm, with quotations about as before.
Oats steady, Corn weak and Rye rather firm.
Hay easy. Bran and Middlings very steady.
Lima Beans still declining. White Beans firm.
Butter and Cheese coming in freely, but Eggs very scarce.
Proz'isions reported quiet in all positions.
Xothing further new in live and dressed Meats.
Potatoes and Onions in ample receipt and generally weak.
Seven cars of Western Poultry received thus far this week.
Game in moderate receipt and good demand.
'New Xaz-cl Oranges in from Placer County.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
close waa firm at KGKo net advance. May,
83 7-lCff 84Uc closed S3*ic; December. 65 11-16
C86 5-l«c. closed 86%c.
HOPS— Steady.
HIDES— Steady.
WOOL — Finn.
PETROLEUM- Firm.
COFFEE — Spot Rio, steady; NO. 7 Invoice,
t>%c; mild Is steady. Futures closed steady,
net 5® 10 points lower. Total sales were 27,
750 hags, including: December, 5c; March,
5.25c; May, 6.40c; July, 5. 50® 5. 55c; Septem
ber. 5.60c.
EUGAR — Raw. firm; refined, firm.
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market is
quiet, with a. small Jobbing sale reported In
old crop, and the tone is reported about steady.
Common are quoted at 4®5c; prime, 5%©5%c;
choice, 6tftJ%e; fancy, 6%@7c.
PRUNES — Quiet but steady, at from 3tfc to
7c for all grades.
APRICOTS — fti fair demand and firm. Choice
are quoted at 9K©O%c.
PEACHES— Quiet. Choice quoted at 7Vi0
~%c; extra choice, 7*i@S»4c: fancy. 9&@10}4c.
Eureka Con... — SOiSt Louis 11 —
Gould & C .. 17 ISiSyndicata .... Oi M
Hale A N .... 58 &* Vnton *O *l
Imperial OS M rtah 2O 21
Julia OS CO 1 Yellow J .... 41 42
TONOPAH MINES.
Esperanza ... 01 02 |T Belmont.... 99 I 10
MacNamara .. 14 HIT & Caltf — 2*
MIxpah Ex... — 32 Ton of N>v... — T 0O
Montana T.... 84 9« North Star .. 32 X3
N T Ton — OS T Midway 25 4O
Paymaster ... — 13 T A S Lake.. — 32
P!n« Grove.... 85 93! United Ton... — It
Rescue — 10 '
Choilar 22 23 Occidental ... 82 2*
Crown P 18 20 F>oto»t 23 23
Confldence ... in 75 Savage 24 2S
Caledonia 87 80 Sierra. Ner.... *9 4»
Chaltense ... 30 51 Sp* Belch ... Oft C«
C New York. 00 10 Silver Hill »7 M
Exchequer ... 18 20' Scorpion 02 0*
Bid. Ask., ' Bid. As*.
Alpha 08 00 ; Justice 06 0*
Alt* 04 00 Keyes 1 60 1 65
Andes 23 24 Ker.tuck 01 03
Best A B ....1 45 1 Z0 Lady Wash .. 03 04
Belcher 14 lfllMexican 1 00 1 M
Bullion 10 12|Ophir 145 1 M
CCA Va....l HO l SoiOverman 21 23
THURSDAY. Oct. 13-14 p. m.
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Ex-dividend yesterday — Port Costa "Water
Company, regular monthly. 30 cents per share,
amounting to $1500; United Gas and Electric,
regular monthly. 15 cents per share, amounting
to $3342 »O: California, Safe Deposit and
Trust Company, regular quarterly. $1 50 ner
share, amounting to $15,000; Presidio Street
Railroad Company, regular monthly, 20 cents
per share, amounting to $2000; Debenture
Surety Company of San Francisco, a regular
monthly dividend of 5 cents; Daly West Mining
Company of Utah, a regular monthly dividend
of 65 cents; Dabney Oil. a quarterly dividend
of 3% per cent; Four Oil, a monthly dividend of
1 cent per "share, amounting to $8000: General
Electric, a regular quarterly dividend of 2
per cent on the common stock.
Gould Central Oil Company — Notice has
been given that assessment No. 5 of % cent
per share, levied September 29. has been re
scinded.
California Combined Oil Company's assess
ment of 2 cents per share becomes delinquent
October 16.
assessment of 10 cents, delinquent November
17.
2 d. m. Session.
December ...$1 12% bid, $1 13% asked.
OATS — The , market was steady and showed
no change worthy of note.
White, $1 2001 32%; Black, $1 40@l 60;
Red. $1 20@l 25 for feed and $1 25@1 35 for
seed; Gray, $1 22%@1 27% per ctl.
CORN — Continued weak and unchanged,
with a slack demand.
Western, sacked, $1 40 for Yellow. $1 40 ror
White and $1 35 for mixed; California large
Yellow, $1 35@1 45; small round do, $1 70$
1 75; White. $1 35@1 45 per ctl.
RYE— $1 25#1 30 per ctl. Oregon is re
ported nibbling in this market for quotations
on milling descriptions, though no business
on this account has yet been reported. Choice
lots might possibly bring an advance over the
quotations. k
BUCKWHEAT— $2 25@2 50 per ctl.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. ¦ Low. Close.
December ...$1 12% $1 12<j; $112% $112%
Feed. $1 15@1 ltt>4; Shipping and Brewing.
$1 20@l 25; Chevalier. $1 20@l 45 for fair to
choice.
FUTURES.
Session 0 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...$1 4014 $1 41 $1 4O $1 40 s *
May 1 40% 1 40'4 1 40% 1 40%
2:30 d. m. Session.
May $1 40% bid.
December ... 1 40* bid, $1 40% asked. _
BARLEY— Futures easier, but the cash" gram
continued rather firm than otherwise. A good
interior demand for shipping account was re
ported.
• . CASH BARLEY.
California Club. $1 40@l 45; California
White Australian, $1 50@l 55; Northern Club,
$1 40@l 42V4; Northern Blue Stem. $1 50@l 55;
Oregon Valley, $1 40@l 45 per ctl.
CASH WHEAT.
steady as to futures. Prices were not mate
rially changed.
PEARS — Bailletts. $1®1 25: winter varie
ties, 4Oft7.V per box for common and $1©1 25
for Winter Nellis.
QUINCES-^50S€0c per box.
FIGS— 50#75c per box.
PEACHES— $1@1 25 per box.
POMEGRANATES— 5O@75c for small boxes
and $26'2 50 for large.
GRAPES — Isabella. 50@65c per crate; Cornl
chon, 50<@C0c per crate; other varieties. 25© 50c
for email boxes. 5Ofl<3Oc for crates and 73cig$l
for large open boxes: Wine Grapes. $1S©22 per
ton for Zinfandei and $15@18 for Mission.
MELONS— Cantaloupes, $1(51 50 per crate:
Nutmeg Melons, 50@85c per box; Watermelons.
5@20c each.
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges. $2 50®2 75 for
fancy Valencia*. $2S2 25 for choice and %\®
1 50 for standard: Lemons. $1@3 per box;
Grape Fruit. $1 50(82 50; Mexican Limes, $40
4 60; Bananas, $1«1 75 per bunch for Ha
waiian and $2 75® 3 50 for Central American;
Pineapples. $2@2 50 per dozen.
were rather green, but were of fair slxe and
were sold at $5 per box.
STRAWBERRIES— Longworths, $4®S" per
chest: large berries. $2 50<@3 50 for Malindas
and $4(96 for the other varieties.
RASPBERRIES— $3 50@5.
HUCKLEBERRIES— Nominal.
CRANBERRIES— Cape Cod, ?S 50®9 50 per
bbl; Coos Bay. $2 5003 per box.
APPLES— 90cC$l 25 per box for fancy, 50®
85c for good to choice and 25@40c for com
mon.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 1«, 1903.
LOCAL MARKETS.
STOCK MARKET.,
Continued on Page Thirteen.
W heat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— Chicago was some fractions higher
under a, good milling demand from the North
west and. reports of frost damage in the Ar
gentine.
This market was firm as to cash grain and
. Trading In local securities continued light,
and the only changes worthy of note were
an advance in Gas k Electric Light to $67 and
a decline In Hutchlnson Sugar to $10. The
oil stocks continued dull.
Within a day or so Honolulu Sugar has sold
at $15- ;
The stockholders of the Owen? F.lver Water
and Power Company have voted to authorize an
Issue of $2,000,000, thirty-year," 6 per cent
bonds.
The Belcher Mining Company has levied an
assessment of 10 cents, delinquent November
The Justice Mining Company has levied an
The Nippon Maru took out for Hongkong
a treasure list of $37(59, consisting of $1840
In Mexican dollars and $1620 in gold coin.
There was not much change in financial quo
tations. '
Sterling Exchange, sixty day*.. — $4 82->i
Sterling Exchange, tight — 4 8(s£
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 87*4
New York Exchange, Bight ...".. — 07&
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 10
Silver, oer ounce — «q«
Mexican Dollars 47 43
Exchange and Bullion.
Afternoon - Session.
6CO Copper Glance 401 BO Ton Belmont..7 CO
500 Mont Ton ... JWi
400 Mont Ton . . 9«| 40O Ton N Star . . 33
100 Pine Grove .. 00 1 400 Ton N Star .. 32
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
11THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 16, 1903.
12
HOUSES f TO LET.
A— PRINTED 'list of "honies to i let: send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery
A— HOUSES and flats to let; an immense list;
/ service absolutely free; take -advantage of
this department: it will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., 245-259 Geary
St., on the square.
A — SUNNY utiper flat 4 rooms and bath; rent
reasonable. 371 Linden ave.. near Octavia.
.BEFORE moving get our printed list of houses
to let. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 25 Post st.
LOST A2*I> FOUXD.
REWARD— Lost October 14. on Bush St., near
Taylor. St. Bernard dog. fawn colored* white
blaze collar and chest; answers "Rex»' Ad-
dress 19 Franklin st. city.
IF thei party, who found the two liver and
white pointer dogs at Baden on Sunday will
kindly return the same to 333 Harriet st.
will receive reward. ___
LOST— Fox terrier named "Scotch": white,
with black' markings on face. Telephone
West 400; reward. 3C32 Clay st.
LOST— Watch charm, with initial* "F. C. P."
Finder will please return to U. S. S. Con-
cord and receive reward. ~v --=-
LOST— A black and white cocker spaniel pup;
female; answers to the name of Princess. Re-
turn to 2336 Broadway; reward. _____
LOST— One axle oil cup. Return to 1317 Jack-
Bon st., Oakland, and receive reward.
LOST— Lady's silver chain girdle. Return to
1025 Devlsadero at.; reward^
LOST — A Jeweled fraternity pin with full name
engraved on back. Box 3403, Call office^
IT will pay to "Remember" that the California
Watch Case Co.. 22© Sutter »t.. needs old
gold and silver to make new watch case*.
MEDICAL.
SAN FRANCISCO'S EMINENT PHYSICIAN.
DOCTOR WHITE^
TREATS WOMEN ONLY.
702 MARKET ST.. room 7. Phone Red 3321.
Every facility for the BEST treatment of
ajl diseases anik disorders of women. Elegant
, sanatorium. Select patients. Strictly confl-
dentlal. Fees within the reach of all.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints; instant relief guaranteed; 30
years' experience; removed to 826 Posit st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all .fe-
male troubles and irregularities; Instant re-
lief guaranteed. 10t)S% Market St.. opp. 3th,
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
In trouble consult this specialist on femala
complaints; positively corrected; the unfor-
tunate helped; the most difficult case* treat-
ed; advice free. Office. 1018 Market st.
Drs. Goodwin, 7.T3 Turk. nr. Van Ness — Expert
f in obstetrics, female complaints; lnst. relief;
treatmtnt $10; hours, 10 to 6; 25 yrs. exptr.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1113 Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fee*.
DR. ROSEN, moved to 2995 Folsom st.. corner
26th; relief $10; ladies' exclusive office.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES and HINDOO HERBS:
original method of treatment. 1128 Market st.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 319 Powell st., opposite
p Union square; all diseases cured by herbs.
3IILLIXEHY.
LADIES — 200 stylish hats to select from; lease
sold, must vacate February 1. 1904: saT»
money by calling on MME. DOSCH. 207 Post.
MISCELLANEOUS— FOH SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
FOR sale — 1 small steam heater. 1 compressor,
1 25-horsepower gas engine, 1 10-horsepower
gas engine, 1 8-horsepower boiler. For prices
and Information regarding above and inspec-
tion of same call at WHITTIER-COBURN
CO., 20 Fremont St., San Francisco.
DOES XOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair it with elaterlte; In rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or eoatlng; good over old
Iron, tin or shingles ; best for new roof*.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
2D-HAND machinery, boilers, engines, pump*,
pulleys, shafting, etc.. etc.. bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE M'CH'Y CO.. 130-132 Beale st.
A— Fine su.ts. $7 50; dress pant*. $2 50. Origi-
nal Misfit Clothing Parlors. 23S Kearny st.,
near Bush; open to 9 p. m. Sunday to rooa.
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 73. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny St.. near
Pine; open till 9 p. m. Sunday to noon.'
A — BUYS, cells or rents gear machinery, en-
gine*, boilers water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear St.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 30 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50: we pay express
charges. 11 3d St., Exam, bid.; catalog, free.
FOR sale— 2 flagpoles. 24 feet long; 2000 fire
brick. 1S28 Fifteenth st.
ONE pair solitaire diamond ear screws; $273.
At W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
3. li AND 10 hp. gasoline engines; 2d-hand; al'
sizes, new. E. B. BECK A CO.. 122 Market.
BEST Burbank potatoes, $1 23 the sack, de-
livered: phene Grant 70; write, call: 113 Mkt.
NEW and second hand machinery of all kinds. I
KROGH MNFG CO.. 519 Market st. j
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard & Ereck. 131 Post st.
MILES of pipe and fittings: all sizes. EU- j
GENE RILEY & SONS. 109 Vallejo St. '
MOVING picture film and song slides. 103 '
Montgomery «t.
SAFES — New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
& CO.. 122 Market st
All bargains ;camp stools and chairs :hammocks.
metal beds.mattresscs. J.F. Hotter. 712 Mission.
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, movin< j
picture machines, films. Baclgalupl. 93:: Mkt. i
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters: all
makes. ALEXANDER A CO.. 110 Montg'y.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
CALIFORNIA ThOUSEWKECKING "col
Pays higher prices for buildings and take,
less time to wreck and remove. Office. NW.
cor. Mission and Tenth: phona Mint 3011. |
WILL exchange paper hanging for a shotgun. |
Box 4770. Call office. , |
HATRACK wanted; must be in Al condition
and of oak; state price. Box 4709. Call.
BOOKS and libraries bought. H. C. KOLjMES.
114!) Market et. ; phone Jessie 3741. or postal.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st. : tel. Jessie 2S51
A BIG price paid for sealskins; send postal.
25 Stockton st. : phone Bush 484. k
MONEY TO LOAa.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY,
601-602-60.1 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointment. -
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property in trust.
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need. Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
ADVANCES on furniture and pianos without
removal; to permanent salaried people ¦ on i
their note without security or knowledge of i
employer; lowest rates; no commission. Na-
tional Credit Co.. 68 arid 09 Donoboe build-
Ing. 1170 Market st.
INTEREST REDUCED TO 5 PER CENT.
DEAL DIRECT: SAVE EXPENSES.
I will loan on 1st. 2d and 3d mortgages. SAN
FRANCISCO. OAKLAND. TOWN. COUN-
TRY PROPERTY and REAL ESTATE in
probate; send full particulars of property; no
answet_otherwlse. Box 2408. Call office.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 84«
• Market st: j tel., Main 1044. Branch, 19 Third.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments; largest business in
40 principal cities. Tolman. 533 Parrott bldg.
THE Open Credit Assn. makes advances to re-
sponsible salaried people, confidentially; new
and simple plan: easy installments. Room
CO. Academy of Sciences. 819 Market st.
PATRIOTS desiring President Roosevelt'* Cali-
fornia speeches can have name sent to their
address by remitting 12 cents. V. THOMP-
SON, 231 Grant ave.. San Francisco. Cal.
A — 1 per cent on furniture or piano; no remov-
al no commission, no publlclty;$23 up; quick,
private, confidential. 20 Montgomery, rm. 7.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 10TI Grant ave.,
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10,000.
MONEY to loan on low Interest; gold, silver,
diamonds pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J." HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
TO salaried people without securit> ; on fur-
niture. Indorsed notes and other security.
S. F. Discount Agency, 143 Phelan bldg.
ONE per cent on furniture: $5 a month on each
$100U; any security. 302 Montgomery, roo—i 16.
ON furniture, piano; no removal. E. W. LICK,
1003 Mutual Savings Bank bldg., 708 Market.
EMPLOYMBCT W Ay T I!! P*!r? IAL1 ?''-^
EXPERIENCED vegetable gardener, knows his
duties; also orchard and vine pruning, graft-
ing, curing of dried fruit, dairy work, butter,
etc.; California references. Address J. O.,
662 Mlselon St.. S. F. _^
BTRONG. middle-aged man, quick at figures,
who understands bookkeeping; is willing^o
start as laborer in wholesale house. Box
3490. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by reliable young man;
well educated and has business experience
and knowledge of bookkeeping; references
last place. Box 3477, Call office.
WANTED — By young man, 26, position In
wholesale house where there will be a fu-
ture; strong, sober and willing to work. Box
3478. Call office.
YOUNG business man of this city wishes -out-
door position, collector, etc.; references;
bonds, or cash security; any amount. Box
3470. Call office^
BARTENDER desires position; good, reliable,
trustworthy man. Apply box 3480, Call.
A YOUNG Japanese wishes a position as an
apprentice in a photographic studio; has
much experience; moderate wages. T. MA-
TOI, C35 Jessie st.
JAPANESE boy wants a place as cook or
wait on table in family; wages $6 per week.
Tel. Polk 1038. CHA M.. 526 O'Farrell st.
JAPANESE boy, guntle and honest, wishes po-
. sltlon as a schoolboy. Y. TOKAMOTO. 423
Stevenson st.
JAPANESE boy desires situation as school-
boy in city; speaks English well. Call or
address Y. SEKI. 810^ Stockton St., S. F.
JAPANESE wants position as school boy. Ad-
dress TABATA. 431 Stevenson Bt.
JAPANESE boy wants situation as Rchool boy.
S. K-. 633 Sutter «t. Telephone Red 5518.
TWO Japanese boys want* porter or chamber
work In city. Address 50G Bush st.
JAPANESE good boy wants situation. HENRY
ITO. S07 Thirteenth St.; tel. Page 4303.
CHINESE cook; small family in city. H. S.,
Si:J Dupont st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call. advertisements anj
subscriptions has been established at 1093
Valencia st.
FINANCIAL.
4~PER CENT~U> 6 PER CENT HIGH GRADE
Municipal, School, Railroad and Corporation
Bonds,
Bank and Trust Company Stocks,
Selected for conservative investors.
Write for lnfornmtlon to
HEAZELTON 4 CO..
Stock and Bond Brokers.
Hayward Building,
San Francisco, Cal.
FLATS TO LET.
A — HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense list;
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department: it will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., 245-239 Geary
et.. on the square.
POST, 1330, near Franklin — New modern up-
per flat: 8 rooms and bath; sun in every
room. Key at lower fiat.
GREEN, between Laguna and Buchanan-^3
new flat*. 7 rooms and bath and finished at-
tic: marine yew.
GREEN, 20C! — Handsome sunny upper flat;
marine view; 7 rooms; bath on two floors;
rent $50.
MCALLISTER, .ini — Unfurnished parlor floor,
4 rooms, gas. bath. $28; adults; call before 3.
MCALLISTER. lOOO. near Park— Modern sunny
upper flat; 5 rooms and'bath; ren>^$22 50.
TEHAMA. 336— A nice flat to let of 4 rooms
and bath.
F^'TS~T«>nM5T^^URNTsiIEP._
JESSIE. 544 — 4-room flat, furnished: will sell
cheap; parties going away; rent $12; lower
bell. '
FURNITURE! WANTED.
A. WOLLPERT. 77T Mission, phone Red 44C2.
buy?, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpets.
HIGHEST price for furniture and mdse. L. H.
BURD, auctloncer.lSIS Mkt. ;tel. Howard 275<>.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE.
WANTED — 4 cooks, $30-$.«; cook. 20 boarders,
y.iO; parlor maid, ?:JO; 5 second girls,
S20-$25; 4 nurscRirls. $20-$25-$30; chamber-
maid and laundress, $.'t0; 4 housegirls, $.50;
infant's nurse, $:ji); waitress; man and wife
as cock and porter, country hotel, $50; cham-
bermaid and waitress. $25; dormitory work,
J20; laundress. Institution, $25; nurse for
nervous case, $:J5, sanatorium; housework,
San Rafael. $.'J0, San Jose. $30, and other
places too many to advertise. Apply to J.
F. CROSETT & CO.. 3-t4 Sutter Et.
A — Girls to learn millinery now for fall seasor_
both seasons taught from start to finish in I
month for $10; positions as trimmers, sales-
ladies, etc., guaranteed at $10 per week up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton st.. r. 13.
A— WANTED — Girls to learn halrdresslng.
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to Z
in 2 weeks; $5 to those entering now; 3 po-
sitions to fill Immediately; positions guaran- '
teed at $10 per week up; leading school in
West. 2.13 Geary st.. room 13.
'A— LADIES to learn all branches halrdrescing
trade; manicuring, massage etc. 1236 Mar-
ket St.. cor. Junes, room 94; positions secured
at highest wages; day and eve, class; call.
ASSISTANT cutters wanted for knit goods.
GANTNER-MATTERN CO.. 007 Grove st
corner Laguna. *
— __ :
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-
ETERS: NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY"
PAID SALARY. LEVI STRAUSS ~& CO "S
FACTORIES. 32V4 FREMONT ST. AND 1873
MISSION. NEAR FIFTEENTH.
m — — —^
IMMEDIATELY, four lady teachers for Call-
fornla district schools. C. ESTERLY, 518
Parrott building. ;
WANTED — First-class lady stenographer; re-
ply in own handwriting, statins experience
aiitj salary expected. Box 71!), Call office. ' .
PLAIN cook, light housework, no washing or
window cleaning; 3 adults; wages $23. Ap-
ply 2924 Stelner St., near Green.
EXPERIENCED hairdresser and manicurist
want:d. Auply fiUi-erinter.dent's office. Em-
porium.
WANTEr.*-Glr!s to take labels off cans. Com-
mtrclal Warehouse. 225 Fremont St., 7:30
J o'clock.
GIRLS wanted; no experience required: wages.
J. C IRVINE & CO.. 751 Market st.
WANTED — Girl for general housework; four
• in family; wages $25. Apply 3220 Clay st.
MIDDLE-AGED weman for general house-
work; imall family. 1211 Florida Bt.
FIRST-CLAS3 waitress, $j week. People's
Rtrtaturant, (SU Clay tt.
W.'.NTED-Vour.g woman who Is. an experi-
enced cry Kocds wrapper. Apply between 9
rnd 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
! GIRL for housework; must be pootl cook:
wnpes ?-'<!: 2 In famllv; call Thursday and
Friday forenoons.. IS20 Lyon st.
WOMAN r.at to'-- youns a:id • famll'ar with
fbufltnera rr.etr^ds for i"«itlon of trust: no
ofHce work. , Box 3401; Call oflice.
i FTW3T-C* ' "S alteration hard on jackets.
j Vokv,' _^ ': ftr.il !i r i:r Co., £17 Grant ave.
] VOl'N __f n as«!*t-ln housework in fam-
I ilyor^W. ULv. 1730 Ellis st.
BAJT FRAJrCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the Saa Francisco
Call, corner Market and Tblrd. streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES — 527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 8:S0 p. m.
SOW Hayes etreet; open until 9:80 p. m.
C39 McAllister street; open until 9:80 p. m.
CIS Larkin etreet; open until 0:30 p. m.
Jf41 Mission etreet; open until 10 p. ra.
_.'C1 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. tn.
108 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. ra.
10»6 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan street*;
oj»en until 9 p. m.
Northwest comer of Twenty-second and
Kentucky streets; open until 9 p. ra.
2200 Flllmore street; open until 9 p. m,
MEETIXG NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Comraandery No. 1. K. - ¦^¦—
T. - Krguliir assembly THIS EVEN- ftr
ING at 7:30 o'clock. Order of Temple, £3
All f raters courteously invited. XJ
THOMAS H. BROWNE. Commander.
T. L. HENDERSON. Recorder.
LA PARFAJTB UNION Lodge No. 17. C_
F and A. M. — Called meriine FRI-^Sfy
DAY EVENING, October 16, 1903. at/V\
8 o'clock. First Degree. By order of
the W. M. P. ST. JULLIEN. Sea
PACIFIC Lodge No. 136, F. and A. M.. _¦
Masonic Temple — Meets THIS EVKN-H/Vf
ING, 7:30 o'clock. First degree. /?>
GEORGE PENLINGTON. Secy.
MISSION Lodge No. 169, F. and A. M. _•
— Officers and members are hereby no-
tlfled to attend the funeral of our de- /v\
ceased brother. LOUIS VINCENT
DE STEIN, from the hall of this lodge,
SATURDAY AFTERNOON at 2 o'clock. By
order of the W. M. R. E. ALLAN. Secy.
SAN FRANCISCO Lod— ! No. 3. _k_E_tt_.
1 O. O. F.— Initiation THIS
(FRIDAY) EVENING. October ""-f^H**?
16. All visitors cordially invited. *Mvfi^* p^
A. STEINMITZ. N. G.
H. C. MADIGAN, Recording Secretary.
SAN FRANCISCO Tent Not _<SgS3^%W.
IS. K. f>. T. M.— Review _ST__?25_
THIS (FRIDAY) EVEN- /J23 jk fc^l
ING at S o'clock. Pioneer Eflij Jft Wjl
Hall. 24 Fourth st. 1>57 /£v\\5_l
D. B RICHARDS. VSe^mSf
Record Kf-eper. >§t_£2!£J'
REGULAR meeting and nominaticr v >.
of officers for the ensuing yeaj *, <5*C '
THIS EVENING aT s o'clock X»X_*
Scottish Hall, 117 Larkin st.
A. M. MACPHERSON. Chief.
JAS. H. DUNCAN. Secretary-
AGEXTS WANTED.
AGENTS wanted — Apply Halpruner Medical
Mf*. Co.. 2S California et., afternoons.
DOARDIXG roil CHILDREN.
WANTED — A child to board; private family;
mother's care. 1626 Hyde et.
ATTOIINEYS-AT-LAW.
ADVICE FREE! ESTABLISHED 22 YEARS.
Divorces a epecia lty. Private. Quick,
NO PAY UNLESS SUCCESSFUL.
G. W. HOWE.
Attorney and Counselor at Law,
Open Evenings 7 to 9. Phone Jessie 4711.
Office* on First Floor — Rooms 1, 2, 3. 4 and 3.
1122 Market St., Between Mason and Taylor.
Almost Opposite "Hale's" Dry Goods Store.
THE LEGAL ADVISORY. Inc. ~~~
1'iactice In Federal and all State Courts.
Attachments, divorce, mining, bankruptcy,
prosecutions, adjustments, corporations, pat-
ents, estates, probate.
Experienced and Reliable Attorneys Engaged.
Advice guaranteed. Correspondence solicited.
611. 511A. 511B Crossley Bldg. Tel. John 2"J26.
N. E. Cor. New Montgomery and Mission St*.
, ADVICE FREE
COLUMBIAN LAW AGENCY
Rm. £5. 916 Market; tel. Red 618; bad ten-
ante ejected epetdlly and reasonably; collec-
tions attended to; attachments; corporations
crganlied: civil and criminal practice.
ROBT. W. KING, stty-at-law. Examiner bid.,
room 611; a!l cases, damages, estates, wills.
«tt«chments. collections, etc.; consultation
free; no advance charges; call or write;
evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
aIjVICE free— I will advance coet in meritori-
ous caeee. divorces, probate anfi all other law
rates; no fees in advance; open every even-
<rg. J. M. THURSTON. 819 Market St.. r. 31.
WARNER TEMPLE. 93 Chronicle building;
bankruptcy, accidents, probate and matri-
monial cases; labor lien*.
A. M. EWING — Attorney-at-law. Room 612,
Parrott bldg.; phone South 655.
DIVORCE — Costs, $12: quick, quiet; open even-
ires. 927 Market st.. room 301.
L. E. CLARK. Emma Rpreckels bldg.. 027 Mar-
ket et. ; consultation free; no fees In advance.
AITKEN & AITKEN. -Ttorneys. rs. 309-10-11,
Clunle bldg.. 303 California St.; tel. Main 727.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful; all
)»ry business. W. W. Davidson. ?>27 Market.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
FOR Fale — Fine candy store and ice cream par-
lrr; elrpantly fitted up; good location; good
reasons fcr selling. Apply the Hromada Co.,
222 Battery et.
$.Vki0 — BUSINESS psys annual profit of S40fK>.
o;- half interest for $l.V>0 to pood, honest
rnan; in country. Address CHAS. SHARP.
Hanford. Cal.
$.¦{.'•<» BUYS first-class bicycle and repair busi-
ness; good reason for selling. Address at
once, box 712, Call office.
OWING to continued ill-health will sell best
paying email coffee house south of Market
*t.; no agents. 1S5 Fourth st.
COFTEE and lunch place doing good business:
located in wholesale district; proprietor leav-
tnp city; bargain; $»XK>. Box 4403. Call.
SNAP — Bargain: 14 rooms; central location;
price $S50. Western Realty Co., 1007'-i Markt.
FOR SALE — Mocha Restaurant. 17394 Mis-
frion et.
CLASSIFIED advertisement* and subscriptions
received ot Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
»ubecriptlons has been established at H»6
Valencia rt.
LODCISC-HOISES FOR SALE.
100 ROOMS; house for men; rent $140. ..$4000
r<8 rooms; south of Market; rent $100. 2000
24 looms; corner; part cash; bal. easy. 830
• Jl rooms; good income; rent $20 330
21 roome; water front; rent $40; lease. <;50
120 rooms; good lease; low r»*nt C500
IT rms.; apartments ; Western Add. ;rent 230
Money loaned at 1 per cent.
Hotels, roadhouscs. fiats. 5 to 100 rooms.
EITHL & CARROLL. 212 Kearny st.
SPIRITUALISM.
MME. YOUNGS test meet, to-night, 10c. Wig-
wam, Cetitral ave. and Webster, Ala. Pri-
vate readings daily, 760 Central ave., Cth-et.
station. Alameda.
TROF. Fred P. Evans, noted psychic for slate-
writing and clairvoyance ; stamp for circular.
1112 Eddy tt.. nr. Octavla; phone Scott 887
MRS. HARLAND'R circles evenings; to-night.
lUc; busljwii readings, 50c. $1. 148 Sixth.
ETHEL CRINDLE. materializing seance IPrl"
flay evening. 50c. 32S Ellis St.; 8 o'clock.
EL-WARD EARLE. 1032 Ellis readings dally.
9:80 to 4: seances Sunday and Thursday.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MY Regular $3 Readings This Week for
$1 $1 II $1 $1 $1 $1
PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE
The First Registered Trance ClaSrvoyant and
Palmist Ever in San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee
to make no charge if I fail to tell you your
name, occupation and what you called for;
I promifte to tell you whether husband, wife
or ewectheart is true or false; I tell you
whom _nd*whcn you will marry; in fact I
\\-ill tell you every hope, fear or ambition
better than you can tell yourself; I improve
your character so that you will reach the
highest pocelble development in mental vigor
health, happiness and capacity to carri
wealth; so you will live happy and contented
the rest of your life. Hours 10 a. m to 8
p. m.; Sundays. 2 to 8. ;i2<i O'Farrell at., o'2«.
MME. M. BERNARD. THK FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third et.. next Examiner
bldg.; ehe read* your life correctly, gives aa
accurate description cf the past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur in the future: if you are In trouble, dis-
contented or not satisfied in life, or Lave do-
mestic, lore or bunines* troubles, consult this
treat medium and you will be told how to
overcome them; valuable advice In all affairs
of life; 25c up; tctisfaction guaranteed; read-
ing* by mail. Tel. Black 45(39.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
*t-. nor. Turk: private readings dally. 10 a.
jii. to 6 P. li;.; rcadinc* by mail art i>atlsfac-
lory •« In jierton: J question* answered, 51:
lull life. »."; send lock of hair, date and year
of birth; don't Fend currency. Send pontofftce,
Welle-Fargo money order or registered letter.
A— MME. PORTER, scientific clairvoyant and
card reader, born with a double veil and Me*
ond tight; tells the pas»t, present and future:
ladles. SOc; crnt*. (1: by cards, palmistry
and clairvoyant sitting; $1 30. 12G Turk st.
SIRS. A. II. Kronenberg, palmist, clairvoyant,
card reader, will give goood reading. 10c. for
fhort time only: when others fall try me l<j
convince yourself. 402 Franklin, near Grove.
A— Mme. Ravenna reads life, business advice;
names given; 23c up. 5 4th it., n-ar Market.
HELP WANTED — FEMALP— Cob.
WANTED — Two girls; one for general house-
work, wages $25; one tor waitress, light
work and sewing; must be experienced; ref-
erences required; wage* $30. Inquire morn-
ings at 1403 Jackson st., corner Nineteenth,
Oakland.
WANTED — Respectable, reliable saleslady for
fine bakery; must have sufficient experience
in same; good salary. Box 708, Call office.
OLOVEMAKERS — Experienced banders and
binders; also apprentices: wage*. CARSON
GLOVE CO., 123 Second st.
CIGARETTE makers wanted; steady work and
good wages. The JOHN BOLLMAN CO.,
corner Front and Pacific sts.
GIRLS about 15 for factory work; good wage*.
Apply tt once. AMES & HARRIS. 100 Sac-
ramento st.
GIRLS wanted — Box department Mutual Label
and Litho Co., Second and Bryant sts.;
Bryant-st. entrance.
WOMEN operators on skirts and Jackets. M.
SIMINOFF'S. 1228 Market st.
GIRL for general housework and assist in
bakery. 1704 Halght st.
NEAT girl for cooking and general housework;
references: apply morninjts. 1709 Baker st.
1 2 LADIES of good address to represent a high-
grade magazine. 59 Columbian bldg.. city.
FIRST-CLASS stenographers furnished. Miss
M. G. Barrett, Instructor. "302 Montgomery.
WANTED— First-class waist, skirt and coat
hands and errand girl. J. BAER. 1200 Geary.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
HELP WANTED — MALE.
A— PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
520 SACRAMENTO ST. 520
Phone Main 1191. Cor. Leidesdorff st.
CHICO— DIAMOND MATCH CO.'S WORK-
HALF FARE— FEE $1.
35 teamsters, laborers, rockmen, tunnelmen,
$2 25 to $2 75 day.
0 miners. 8 hours, north, $90; 5 muckers,
north, $75.
13 laborers; you'll do; part fare paid; south.
150 men, different sawmills, yards, woods.
NEW BOX FACTORY—
Edgerman. planerman. cut-off man. band,
resaw man, box printer, young men as roust-
abouts, etc.
4 miners, $75; 2 muckers, $67 60, rame mine,
fouth. •
300 men, chop wood, cut ties, stave and
shingle bolts, etc.. all over State.
Foreman, extra gang, S. P. R. R. Co., south.
$3 day. boss here.
OREGON— COAL MINERS— OREGON.
20 coal miners, free fare, $1 ton.
5 scraper teamsters, with own teams, $3 60
day and found; see boss here.
10 laborers, private railroad near city, fee
$1, long job, $2 day; waiters, dishwashers:
waiter, new hotel, north, free fare, $33
found: second cook, institution, $40 found;
Italian or French baker, near city, $40 found;
waiter, 50c fare, $40 found; cooks, etc.; call
and see us; read our bulletin boards; also get
¦a free list of Jobs at PACIFIC EMPLOY-
MENT AGENCY. 520 Sacramento st.
AT THE CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
CO Third St.. near Call bldg.: phone Bush 403.
*FREE FARE.
NEVADA 1 — NEVADA.
Reno, GoIcoikIr and Ryndon.
100 laborers. $2 a day; S. P. R. R. Co.'s own
work.
FREE FARE.
OREGON COAL MINES.
FARE ADVANCED.
8 coal miners, 6-foot vein; $1 a ton; ship
to-day.
4 laborers, city, 0 hours, $2 25.
4 men for rock quarry, $2 25 a day.
CHICO, BUTTE CO.
Half rate fare. $2 SO.
12 teamsters, $2 50 a day.
10 laborers, $2 25 a day.
Ship to-day; fee $1.
CAL. EMP. AGENCY. 59 Third st.
COACHMAN and wife for family. $00; 2 men
about place, $25 and $30 and found; coach-
man. $:15 and found; farmer and wife, $55
and found: sheepherder. $30 and found;
ranch teamster. $35 and found ; woodchoppers,
coopers and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO..
ti28 Sacramento st.
2 INSIDE servants, $20 and $35 and found;
porter, and wife for cook, $50 and found;
restaurant second cook, $80; 2 hotel waiters,
$::o and found; dishwasher for camp, $30 and
found, call early; and others. J. F. CROS-
ETT & CO., U2S. Sacramento st.
AT S. F. Employment Bureau, 17 Fourth st. —
City work, laborers of all kinds; rockmen
ard hammersmen. $2 23 day; we ship, free
fare, to-day, to Reno, Nevada. Lucine, Goi-
conda and to all points In Utah; we ehip to-
day to El Dorado County. 10 2-horse team-
sterms, $50 and found; dishwasher, city, easy
place. $13 and found; lumbermen, laborers
and all kinds of sawmill work. Call early.
A— HOTEL~GAZETfEr20~liiontKomery. r. 12.
Baker and pastry cook, $00; house man, $23.
WANTE))— Flrtt-class assistant marine en-
\gfne and boiler draftsman, $4 per diem.
Navy-yard. Mare Island. Cal.. and first-clabs
assistant marine engine and boiler drafts-
man, $1 per diem, office of the U. S. In-
spector of Machinery, Union 'Iron Works,
San Francisco, Cal. An examination will be
held at the Navy-yard, Mare Island, Cal..
October 20, 1003, to fill the above positions.
For abdication and further Information ad-
dress "Commandant, Navy-yard, Mare
Island, Cal." -V
WANTED— For U. S. army, able-bodied, un-
married men. between ages of 21 and 35. citi-
zens of United States of good character and
temperate habits, who can speak, read and
write English. For Information apply to He-
crulting Officer, Rlalto building. New Mont-
gomery st., San Francisco, or Masonic build,
ing, Sacramento, Cal.
EXPERIENCED Janitor: must understand
plate glass cleaning nnd be able to go on
high ladder. Apply 'superintendent's office,
Emporium.
WHY pay big prices to have your shoes half-
soled when you can get it done for 25c, 60c
and COc. while you wait at 3fi3 Mission St.,
bet. 1st and 2d sts., or 11 Third «t.?
WANTED — Young man, experienced In dry
goods, as assistant floorwalker. Call at
STRAUSS & FROHMAN'S, 107 Post st.
OUTSIDE salesman for carpets, furniture and
bedding. Apply superintendent's office, The
Emporium. ,
WANTED — A thoroughly experienced clothing
salesman. The Hastings Clothing Company.
corner Montgomery and Sutter sts.
WANTED — Man ' to work In boarding-house;
wash dlshe3 and make beds. SW. corner
Bay and Webster sts. *
EXPERIENCED''* tucker and operators on silk
and wool waists; steady work. KONIG-
STEIN. 28 First st.
SPLENDID opportunity for bright fcoy in of-
flcp wholesale house: answer in own hand-
wrltlng. Box 718. Call.
WANTED— First-class coat, pants and vest
. makers; lots of work; good pay. Applyi N.
DAVIS. Reno. Nev.
FOll office work, young man that has had ex-
perience in billing on typewriter. Apply
superintendent's office. Emporium.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 pair; foct-form shoes at $2 50; we pay
or mall cnr g F . n ;td st.. Exam, bid.
FIRST-CLASS salesman for children's de-
partm't. HUB CLOTHING STORE, Oakland.
WANTED — A cood barber for Saturday and
Sunday; good pay. 5Cl',£ Broadway.
GOOD barber wanted for Saturday and Sun-
day at 13.? Pacific st.
FIRST-CLASS coatmakers wanted. 1103 Mar-
ket st.
BOY or old man to wash dishes. 2 Sixth st.
A GOOD taller wanted for bushellns. 827
Sutter st., near Leavenworth/ -
DISHWASIIER. "Clarke's bakery, 012 Kearny
¦ street.
HELP WAITED MALE — Con.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay St.
PHONE MAIN 5848.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
1902 WE GAVE 1903 WE'LL. GIVE
45,000 MEN* WORK. CO.000 MEN WORK.
Men Wanted TO-DAY for
ARIZONA, OREGON,
NEVADA.
Southern Paciflo and Santa Fe systems; free,
pass
ON EVERY TRAIN.
SECTION HANDS, MUCKERS. DRILLERS,
Extra Gangs. Teamsters. Hamraersmen. |
MINES, TUN-NELS. QUARRIES.
Miners, all over State, $90 and $82 50.
STABLES, FARMS, ORCHARDS, DAIRIES.
Farm and orchard hands, $30, $35, $40 fd.
Milkers, $30 to $50 and found.
26 choremen, coachmen, gardeners, etc., $30.
10 stablemen, city, country Jobs, $30 to $60.
MURRAY & READY,
634-636 Clay st.
SAWMILLS -WOODS!
633 laborers, no experience wanted, $40 to
$70 found.
, 106 mill and yard men, $50 to $100.
365 WOODCHOPPERS,
287 TIEMAKERS.
All classes of experienced men for woods,
mills, etc.. from $50. $60, $70, $80. $00, $100,
$125 to $150 month. /
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 gay at.
COOKS. WAITERS. PORTERS.
24 cooks, hotels, restaurants, camps, mines
and ranches, city and country, $30 to $70 fd.
12 waiters, city and country, $25 to $40 fd.
14 butchers, different Jobs, $40 to $90 and fd.
Second cook, mine, 2 waiters $40, $30 and rd.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
MECHANICAL. •
8 painters, stripe, letter. $2 60 to $3 a day.
2 coopers, factory, 20c fare, $3 25 a day.
16 carpenters, free fare, $3 50, $3 a day.
LOCATED EVERYWHERE.
636 laborers and teamsters, city and country;
some factories, mills, warehouses, excavating,
building, etc.: many in San Francisco; lots to
board home, $2, $2 25. %c 30.
Positions not advertised.
COME— SEE.
BEST PLACES AT MURRAY & READY'B.
BIGGEST WAGES AT 634-636 Clay st.
PLACER COUNTY. ~ ~~
16 laborers, flume work with carpenter,
$67 50.
16 carpenters, flume work, fare $3, $75.
12 laborers, factory, fare $1 60, $C0.
SANTA BARBARA TO-DAY.
26 laborers, you'll suit. $45 and found.
3 lumber pliers, north, $75.
SURVEY OUTFIT.
Baker, city, good %ob. $10 week and found.
ARIZONA ~
003 MILES. PRESCOTT MIDDLETOWN.
ARIZONA. TO-DAY $1 50 FEE.
6 slack coopers, 9c; 5 cabinet makers.
DIAMOND MATCH COMPANY.
Teamsters. laborers, fare $2 80 $75.
TO FRESNO TO-DAY.
15 laborers, lumber company. $40 to $55 fd.,
Boxmaker. city job, $2 50 day.
Machine ahoemaker. country. $2 50 day.
2 shlnglers. straight work. 70c M.
2 crosscut sawyers, lumber company, north,!
$40 and found I
OREGON.
COAL MINERS^ OREGON — FREE FARE.
65 coal miners. Oregon. $3 to $5 a day.
VERY MURRAY & READY,
IMPORTANT. 634-636- Clay st.
MIDNIGHT SPECIALS. '
4 carpenters. Madera County. $3 50 day.
Cook, camp, free fare, $60 found.
Boilermakers, also helpers country.
Baker's helper, city. $25 found.
3 laborers, clear land, city. $26 found. <
Blacksmith. San Benito County. $3 day.
LOS ANGELES. ,
4 farm hands, $30 found.
2 shinglers. Monterey County, 60c M.
MURRAY & READY. G31-C36 Clay st.
BARBERS — 5-chalr shop in heart of city for;
sale: owner going to Europe. Call DBCK-
ELMAN BROS.. 10« Ellis st.
WANTED — Helpers «in chophouse at 155
Fifth st.
\
BOOTBLACK wanted. 30 Post st^
GOOD-paying shop for sale. Call at ,432 Pa-
cific »t. -^
TWO laborers; 145 Chattanooga St.; Mission
and Twenty-second st. cars.
WANTED — An elevator boy. 29 Stockton st.
MEN to learn barber trade; catalogue mailed.
S. F. Barber School. 741A Howard st.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 per pair, foot-form shoes at $2 50, or
orthopedic shoes, $3 50;t>est shoes on earth. 11
Third St., Exam. bldg.. 5 doors from-Market.
WANTED — For U. S. Marine Corps, able-
bodied unmarried men. bet.r»en 21 and 35;
good character; must Fpeak. read and write
English: marines serve at sea on men-of-
war In all parts of the world, on land in our
island possessions, and nt naval stations in
the United States. Apply at recruiting of-
fice, 40 Ellis st.,* San Francisco, Cal., and'
401 K St., Sacramento, Cal.
WANTED — Experienced mechanical and ar-
chitectural draughtsmen; good inducements
to flrM-class men. Apply 216 Bush st., en-
gineering department.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third St.; 250 rooms; 23c to 50c per night.
MEN to learn barber trade; only 8 weeks re-
quired: special offer this month; catalogue
and full information mailed free. MOLER
SYSTEM COLLEGE. Clo Clay st.
WANTED — Young man who is an experienced
dry goods wrapper. Apply between \anil
11 a. m. nt HALE BROS'.
BOY wanted — Apply after !> a. m. at the Stev-
enson-st. entrance to CHAS. LYONS, Lon-
don Tailor, 721 Market st.
FOR sale — Barber shop, 3 chairs; In lively
country town; rrice $100. WILL & FINCK,
barber supply department. 21 O'Farrell st.
WANTED — Rough carpenters and laborers.
Apply room 14, 20 Montgomery St., San
Francisco Construction Company.
PRESSERS wanted at once at M. SIMINOFF'S,
1228 Market ?t. : highest wages paid; steady
work guaranteed to good mechanics.
PENSION ATTY. M. HARRIS. 40 Ellis St.; It
• years' practice; ret>rerces from thousands of
persons for whom I have secured pensions.
WANTED— Middle-aged man as bookkeeper,
collector and office man. Box 3483, Call.
ICE crt-am maker; must have experience; steady
employm't. Lehnh.-irdt. 1159 Brdwy.. Oakland.
WANTED — Harness maker at 122 Montgomery
avenue.
STEADY German: refs. ; tend bar. make him-
self useful; wine house. 15 City Hall square.
OFFICE boy wanted. Apply bor 704, Call
office.
lFOR sale — 3 chair barber shop and " furnished
rooms; a bargain. 2002 Mission st.
OPERATORS wanted at once on cloaks at M.
SIMINOFF'S. 122S Market st.
BOY 16 years; good opportunity; steady posi-
tion. Carson Glove Co.. 12.1 Second st.
BARBER trade taught In 5 weeks. Address
W. C. B.. 047 Commercial st.
GOOD strong boy to work In blacksmith s'nop.
1322 San Pablo ave., Oakland.
COATMAKERS for country. Apply REISS
BROS. & CO., 24 Sutter st. "~"
McDONALD & PERRY have a large stock of
new and second-hand shoes; cheap. 239 3d st.
PENSION atty. E. A. Bullls. room 40. Phelan
> bldg. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post G. A. R.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S. 20 Steuart st.'
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms. 35c night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 5G3 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET your shoes half soled while waiting: 23c
to COc. f>63 Mission at., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
HORSES AND WAGONS.
HARNESS and saddles, the best for the money,
1 at JEPSEN BROS. CO.. inc.. the big store,
1145-1147 Market at., San Francisco.
CART. $10; buggy, $15: wagon, $25; twoi
: seated buppy, $?5; horse, $10; saddle, $7 CO. j
I 70 City Hall ave. I
FOR sale — Express wagon and team. Call
| cigar store, 2C0 Townsend st.
MUST be sold at a sacrifice; 5 good horses. 327
Sixth s^
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping wagon
and gecart for sale cheap. 532 Mission st.
Largest as3ortmt 2-hand wagons.buckb'd. sur-
• rey.harncJs.work.drlvliiK horses. 15th- Valencia
j HOUSE AXD RARM TO LET.
3-ROOM house; 10-stall barn and hay loft:
rear Twenty-fourth and Castro sts. Apply
517 Clipper st.
K^>*^K*~' 1U _ r<E .. T T_ > '' l ' U *A* S HED!
OAK, 419 — Elegantly furnished house; 10 sunny
rooms. 2 baths"; large garden; grand viaw.
i ~h6lses~~fuhmmhed— Fon sale.
CHEAP • furniture of 6-room house; 3 rooms
pay rent. 407 Minna st.
i HOUSES WANTED FUIINISHED.
' WANTED — To rent Tor the winter or longer,
a furnished house of from 6 to 8 rooms and
tttuated north of California and east \ of
1 KlUmore; must be in good condition; best of
care guaranteed and highest referencei fui-
, niched. Box . 3511. Call.
j CLAIRVOYANTS— •Contlnnea.
, MISS ZEMDAR, young gifted clair. and palm.:
ihas *econd sight; a wonderful prophetess;
names; L. 50c; G. $1. 714 Franklln.nr.G.Q.av.
MME. LEE, palmistry and clairvoyant; hours
9-5; evenings and Sundays by appointment;
reading 60c 1206 Market, parlor Cl; elev.
JUST arrived; Mme. Davis, greatest magic
card reader on coast; born, crowned, veiled.
7C5 Market, parlors 16-17; 25-50c; mail $1.
, lUSS WARD gives names, dates ,and facts;
hours 10 to 8. 413 Mason St.; noLstgn.
MME. MA1SEAU. clairvoyant, card reader; la-
dles 25c. gents 60c; hours 1 to 9. 545 Minna.
'¦ OLDEST lady palmist and card reader in city.
2CH Kearny, room 20; ladies 25c; gents 50c.
MRS. SHAFER. clairvoyant, card reader; slt-
tlngs dally. 448 H Jessie Bt.. bet. 5th and 6th.
CAItPET BEATIXQ AXD CLE I AXIJtO.
' AIR. compressed, dry, lco cold. 1* now unlver-
tally used In sanitarily cleaning carpets, on
floor, without removal or injury; price* mod-
erate. Apply S. F. COMPRES8ED AIR
CLEANING CO.. Call bid.; phone Main 0237.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
¦end for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-be-t-
Ing Works. 356-357 Teh«ma *t.: tel. South 40.
SMITH'S Carpet Cleaning Co.; Al work guar-
anteed. 3c. 1343 15th St.; phone Capp 1551.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Work*. 1308 Har-
rison st.; Al cleaning. 3c; fl. Mission 223.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating Co.. J. McQueen.
proprietor. 329 Guerrero «t.; tel. Ml—lon 43.
TRY HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet-beating;
mattreg»e* made over. 1432 Howard :8outh 210.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.;
tel. Main 394. OEO. WALCOM A CO.. Props.
! RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating work*; price*
j reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. ; tel.Mlsslon 263.
I CONKLIN*S Superior Carpet-beating Work*.
I S3S Golden Gate ave.: telephone Kast 12fl.
M— — — — . «————— — — — — — —————— —————» — — — — — — — — i
CHIROPODISTS.
DUNLAP FOOT~INSTITUTE. 50 Geary— All
ailments of the feet cured: oorns.bunione.eto.
COLLECTIOyOFFICES.
' BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
j CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10: tel. 5380
DENTISTS.
ELECTRO^dIeNTAL CLINIC, 80» Market *C
cor. Fourth, room 7. Flood building; extrac-
tions dene painlessly; teeth without plates
cur specialty; gold crowns. $3 30 up; plates.
f-i 60 up, extraction free; office hours. 9
I a. m. to 9 p. m. : Sundays, 9 to 2. ' i
I DR. GRUSS, 504-5-6 Callaghan bldg.. Market
J and McAllister sts., uses the Basford Obtun-
' Or. the only device ever invented for grlnd-
lr.g, drilling and excavating teeth absolutely
', without pain. For demonstration and proof
¦ call at office.
DR. LUDL'JM HILL. 1443 Market. nr.Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates ar»
tcade; old plate* made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting. 50c; gas given.
A NEW plate— The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crown. $3 50; fillings, 50c;
plates $3; full set;all work palnltos and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, ccr.Bush —
Set teeth $1 50 up; crowns $2 up; fillings 25c.
GOLD fillings. 75c; 6ilver. 35c; crowns. $2; no
pain: open Sunday. Dr.O.B.Hew1*t.C(V4 Putter.
DRESSMAKERS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School
— Any pattern cut to measure. 1019 Market.
ACCORDION, sunburst & knife plaiting. Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory. J 10 Taylor.
j _• EDUCATIONAL.
I THE San Francisco Young Men's Christian
| Association conducts a night school for men,
i an engineering school, an evening law school,
_ working boys' night school and a day busi-
; ness and academic school. Students have
! gymnasium and other privileges. Apply at
Y. M C. A. building. Mason and Ellis sU.
t SHORTHAND in 30 days; Boyd'a Syllabic; no
ruled lines; no shading; nothing to confuse;
only 8 character*; easily read; study by
mall; circulars, testimonial* and first lesson
covering fc the course for two 2-cent stamp*.
Chicago Correspondence Schools, Incorpo-
rated. 62 National Life Bldg., Chicago, IIL
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post, 8.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
language*. telegraphy, English branchei;
I day and night session*; lllus. catalogue iree.
I HIN MAN'S Academy; a thorough school ot
; dancing; established 20 years. 1412 Polk St..
between Pine and California; both adult ana
children' i classes are now open for the season.
AVKKtS. the leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket tt.; special summer course In all depart-
ments; handsome catalogue free; life scholar-
chip, $60; day and evening session*.
CALIFORNIA Business College. 305 Larkin st.
"A thorough school"; positions secured for
graduates; modern methods; individual ln-
ctruction. Write for illustrated catalogue.
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
fcr the university, law and medical colleges;
ref.. President Jordan or any Stanford pro-
fessor; day, evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
A— SAN FRANCISCO Business College. 1233
Market st, — Practical, progressive.' reliable;
day & evening sessions: write for catalogue.
A GENTLEMAN teaches privately young men
and women whose education has been neg-
lected; also foreigners. Call or add. 719 Post.
I HEALD'S School of Mines & Electricity,24 Post
St.. S. F.; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec. rain., mech.. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est 1864. Van
; aer Naillen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
1 DANCING Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday and
: Sunday evenings at Teutonla Hall. Howard
tt., near Ninth; management Prof. Foster.
SPANlSH.French.etc.Prof.DeFIllppe'sAcadem7
of LanguageE.320Post;estab'd 1871 -.ablest profs.
GOLDEN Gate Com'l College, 530 Golden Gate
ave.; full business course; day and evening.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION ...Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine Et... Night class.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing.
He; <1av or eve : *S mo. 1fl2i M(«inn.nr *>th
j EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
GEOKGE AOKI. 421 Post at.; tel. Bush^l35^
Japanese-Chinese employment office; fur-
nishes best help; contracts for farm help, etc.
, IF you want Japanese help, advertise in Th«
, i New World. Japanese dally paper. 353 Geary,
' < A— ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese-
, Chinese help. 426 Powell. Tel. Main 3752.
A — GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office. 4IS
Stockton: t«-l. Grant 16S; expert, reliable help.
CHINESE Employment Office — Best help at
Leon Seung's. 411% O'Farrell; tel. East 428.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
nce; all kinds help. 313 Stockton: Main 5188.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1907. BRADLEY & CO.. CtO Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED — FEMALE.
WOMAN wants work by the day, washing,
ironing, housecleaning; $1 35 a day. MRS.
SIEBOLD. 200^ Ritch St.. in rear.
GOOD, reliable girl wishes position; light
_Jicusework. IOCS Carolina »t.
LADY stenographer, assist bookkeeper or cash-
ier desires position in country; 4 years' ex-
perience; Al references. Box 711. Call.
AMERICAN woman wisher housekeeper's po-
sition or cookins: neat and reliable. MRS.
FAIRBANKS. 27S Turk lit.
BY a young lady in business orflce: sten-
ographer and has knowledge of bookkeeping
Box 4405. Call.
WINIFRED PHILLIPS, trained nurse, room
107. Hotel Netherland, IS Turk St.; phone
Private Exchange C14.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call Bt Eaton's Pnzaar. CTt McAllister *t.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED MALE.
YOUNG rnan, neat appearing, seeks a posi-
tion as bookkeeper, or assistant, or col-
lector: stenographer; speaks, reads and
writes the German language; best of refer-
encep. Box 7'J0, Call office.
i STEWARD for club or gents in chamber?, prlv-
j ilese ctoking, speaks and corresponds Ger-
1 man and French, sober, age 30; disengaged
1 Xov ' U " F ' *-*' _„ Cox _I^ { - Call.,
1 SITUATION vented by young man In office ; I
can kei'u books and la fair r-enman; two
_ years' exnerience. Box 7J7. Call.
POSITION by experienced pcrter in hot«I
«.r club: references if required. Address 11<)
Turk st. "S.
¦WANTED — Situation In bakery or restaurant.
SAV.'FALCKE. Star Hotel, 841 Sixth, rtwn 2'J.
MAN and wife to take charge of kitchen either
city or country, licx 715, Call office.
YOUNG man wants position in c:ty or coun-
try: any kind of woik; c^n furnls".] he*t cf
r<-fcrer.cfs. Address bo:; :!4S1. Can office.
YOUNG man, Ftudc-nt. wants~ln<>icle work* :>re- !
noon for board and roo:n. Address S LEK
New Mar.chester. Sixth nt.. rcom 14.
GOOD Japanese boy wr.r.ts r-oslti-n a* nch<»7!
boy in city. Address II. KCICAMI. HO
Golden Gate ave. - ; •.-¦-
GOOD barber seeks cfsady position. Address 1
The Waldorf. 21 Fifth «.; roeni j
WANTED— PfRtin by cxr-it . >.t-."pi7anh r j
and typewriter. Address II.. b)x :,15>1, Cal. |
MOVTCTf TO >
STTMCTLY~CONF1DENTIAL LOANS on furC
niture, pianos or to salaried people on th'ir
note; proper treatment cuaranteeU. ILLINOH
TRUST CO.. r. 16. Phelan bid.. Main 7CH.
MONEY loaned to salaried employes. G. w.
MILLER, room 74. fifth floor. Chronicle bWg.
3% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up: no removal.
V. TREMAIN. room 81. 6 Eddy at., floor 4.
ALL loans on diamonds ami jewelry 2 p*r cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. S..3 Kearny.
ST\R Loan Co. of Wyominer loans money to
salaried employe*. R.31I. Mutual Sav.Ek.bH.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
lndorser. MORELL, 6C1) Examiner bldg.
NO trouble with people who buy the Heine
piano; 7000 satisfied customers the best ad-
vertisement; strictly high grade and sold di-
rect from factory to purchaser; this enable*
you to procure a flr*t-cla.ss piano at a rea-
sonable price; we carry 14 different makes;
any piano purchased from us taken in ex-
change any time within 5 years and full
purchase price allowed on a Peerless Helm*
or any of our other makes. Some bargains,
all uprights: Collard $43; Weber. $7«;
Sherman & Hyde. $9»>; Klmball, $115: Smith ft
Barnea. $15<>; Miller. $178: Emerson. $1«5;
Mansfield & Notni $125: 2 Steinways. $145.
$265; 2 Chlckering." $!<5. $175; 2 Heine, sllght-
\y used. $325. $:5e>5. and 25 others. Install-
ments. $4 up; rents, $2 up, allowed on pur-
chase. HEINE PIANO CO.. 235-237 Geary
st. ; Oakland branch. Fifteenth and Broad-
way, old P. O. site. Largest exclusive
wholesale and retail dealers of the West.
THIS AD IS OUR GREATEST EXPENSE.
We pay no rent, as we own the building.
The only reason we advertise Is to let you
know we rent the best piano in the city for $-!
per month. Now we can sell you one Just the
Mime. Our expenses are so very much less
than other firms, why not Investigate our prices
and compare notes? Invest 5c carfare and save
from $75 to $15O on a piano. SCOTT-Ct RTAZ
PIANO CO., 500-62-64 Hayes st.
WHILE low prices are the fashion you wtl!
find that we are giving the most for th»
money of any firm in the city. No better In-
struments than the Baameiater. Schubert or
Stodard are needed by anybody, and ;, ou can-
not afford to buy until they have been ex-
amined. THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIU
CO.. 7G0 Market st^
A FEW good upright bargains from $5f» up. In-
cluding such makes as Chickertng, Mason A
Hamlin. Vose, Sterling, Curta*. Kirkman.
Haines. Weser. Pease and others. BENT.
ri'RTAZ & SON, 1*5 O'Farrell st. No
branches In San Francisco.
THE greatest opportunity ever offered In San
Francisco to grt a good reliable piano cheap.
Before our rerroval we will sacrifice any in-
strument for cash or Installments. <~*alt _»
write for prices and terms at once. KOHLEIl
* CHASE. Established 1S.V*. 30 O'Farrell.
¦ BAND Instruments; F. Besson. Parl3. maker;
Our Maiwald. Agt. Par. Coast. 2TS O'Farrell:
skillful repairing; 2d-hand instruments sold.
A STECK & GABLER upright. n»arly new.
cheap; a snap. HOR.1UXG, 218 McAllister.
RARE chance: cash or payments: elegant high •
grade upright. 16 McAllister st.
Unredeemed storage pianos and furniture dirt
cheap. Whitehead's Storage, 1CU> Market st.
BEAUTIFUL 3-pe<1al Ft»inway upright ptano;
perfect order; sacrifice. Keeffe's,2S5 O'Farrell.
SOKMER. Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecilian piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 30S-312 Poet st.
SUPERIOR vlollna, zithers, old and new. H.
MI'LLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham placv*.
OF KICKS A.M> STORKS TO LET.
DESK room for rent to lawyer or business
man. 012 Parrott bldg.
STORE with large basement; below Kearny
St.; rent $30. Apply 630 Clay st., room 1.
$35 — TO let: grocery corner: five living rooms;
now vacant. Key. 2S04 Fulton st.
1'IA.MKS AM) ORGANS.
PART of our list of bargains in second-hand
planoi» for October, 1'JUJ:
: Orisinal
ITice. Now.
1 MAJESTIC—
Wplnut case, medium size. 7 1-3
octaves, three pedals, full swinging
music rack, latest design, good con-
dition $0C5 $223
3 EMERSONS--
Two tn walnut cases and one in
oak. small size, carved panels,
three pedals. 7 1-3 octaves, line
condition, each 375 225
1 FISCHER —
Mahogany case, large size, 7 1-3
octaves, tine condition, thoroughly
renovated, cannot be told from a
new piano 373 225
1 RICHMOND—
Mahogany case, large size, latest
style, three pedals. 7 1-3 octaves,
mandolin attachment, almost new. 300 240
1 C. A. STOXK & CO. —
Walnut case, medium size, full
swinging music rack, thoroughly
renovated and equal to new 330 250
1 E3TEY—
Walnut case, medium size, 7 1-3
octaves, in good condition 400 230
1 BRUENN—
¦Walnut case, cabinet grand. 7 1-3
octaves, thoroughly renovated and
' equal to new 430 2R0
Complete list furnished on application at
our store. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Corner Kearny and Sutter sts.
PERSONALS.
A — FACIAL BLEMISHES REMOVED.
¦Wrinkles, yellow and flabby skin, birthmarks,
smallpox pittings and scar3 re-
rr.oved without cutting, massage, electricity or
medicint-s; special demonstrations this wttX
Call or write DR. L. WILLIAMS. 371 Geary.
' THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, lm-
• proves) its growth. stops falling, cures damiru;T
and itching scalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp :at druggists', hairdressers': ac-
cept no substitute. Star RemedyCo-.lU.'W Polk.
CLAUPK AUGUSTUS CURRIE. his wife or
cnildren, or any one knowing their where-
abouts, please communicate with box 714.
Call, and learn something to their advantage.
BRAUN — Professor Martin, graduate masseur
of the Imperial University Hospital Vienna,
i Office 224 Starr King bldg.. 121 Geary. Tel.
Exchange 21ti.
NOT how cheap but how good is fte miitto of:
the manufacturers cf the . Rapid Rotary
Standard, the sewing-machine of to-day. J.
W. EVANS, asent. 1C21 Market st.
PHYSICIAN. 13 years' experience, cures per-
manently morphine, cocaine habit. Call or
address Central Pharmacy. 231 Grant ave.,
corner Sutter st. : fee moderate.
LIQUOR habit cured. We guarantee to ccro
the liquor habit in 2 days or no charge*.
Acme Liquor Cure Co.. 097 Market, r. 202.
DRUNKENNESS, morphine and all drug dis-
eases positively cured by Willow Bark d>.,
INK) Polk st.; consultation free ;call or write.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday and
Sunday eveninga at Teutonla Hall, Howard
St., near Ninth; management Prof. Foster.
REMOVAL— Dr. W. C. STRATTON has re-
moved his office from 2235 HSIission st. tov
rooms 57.'J and 574. Parrott bldg (Emporium*.
AT less than cost, uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor, 721 Market st. :
ELEGANT suits on easy installments: 5(> cents
and up per week. LEON LEMOS. 1127
Market St.. bet. Seventh and Eighth.
ANDERSON — Elegant theatrical and masquer-^
ade costumes rented. 2t> O'Farre.11 st.
SUITS to order on Installments. $1 per week.
Neuham & Co.. merch. tailors. 727-J29 Market.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elec-
ytrlc needle. Dr. & Mrs. Traverse. 1170 Market.
THE best place to buy good umbrellas or
have them covered or repaired is 120 Stockton
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50: dress pants $2 3a
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books. w!gs,
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
ALFRED t'M'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1; at all druggists*.
Superfluous hair and moles removed with elec-
tric needle. Mrs. & Miss Eaton. 1119 Sutter.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Ca^l.
Ifi pa*e<«. in wrapper, for mailing. *1 per yes-
PAL«I«TIIY.
MME. DEVAS — Scientific palmist and astrolo-
gist. Palm readings $1. Hours 10 to 12 and
1 to 5. and Tuesday evenings. KX> Post st.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 513.
Taylor st.. near Geary. Phone Black 501.
PAPERHAXCIXG. PAINTING. ETC.
ROOMS papered. K 30 up; tinting, painting.
Hartman Paint Co.. 310 3d st. ; tel. Main 413.
FIIYSICIAXS AXD SLItGEOX^
DR. C. C O'DONNELL — Office and residence,
1021>-i Market st.. bet. «th and 7th: particu-
lar attention paid to diyaaes of women.
BLOOD, skin *and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. Ui73tj Market st.
REMOVED— DR. W0NG~HIM. herb doctor!
treats all disease's of the human body; for
past four vears at 113-11? Mason: now lo-"7
cated at 667 Geary St.. near Leavenwortn.
DR. TONG PO CHY. successor to Dr. Li Po
Tal. herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor— AlT «11»-
j eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-3 CUy >t>
The cannibal chief takes his way o'er the plain.
He's hunting for meat, that's a matter that's plain.
We don't look for food with great spears in this land—
We g-et it by work, and sometimes there's demand
And sometimes it is scarce. Want Ads in The Call
Are certain to bring it— that's well known to all. iThe newspaper • kiosks in Paris are not
esthetic enough for a municipality.incon
stant .' pursuit I oi !r beauty. The . authorities'
have decided to ¦ pull, them ". ; down . and; con
struct ¦ new \ kiosks ' on: some " model " to * be
decided by . operi : competition.* 4 One Bugges
tidn' is , that ' each newspaper, shall ! have .a
kiosk 1 of ' ' its '¦-. own,* corresponding ' to~ ': its
tradition.— N. Y. ; Times- • : r '? '
Paris Kiosks.
1 •:> Judah . Boas " Company ; (owners) ; with r E. ,' T.
Lei ter (contractor). ; architect Edgar J A.* Math
ews-^-Brick,'"! concrete, » -'¦; carpenter, "•'»¦ paintin.tr,
plumbing, plastering, Rlazing-. gasfltting. - sew
ering, f tinning,*; stairs, > hardware • for : a 3-«tory
frame building (flats) - on . SW-* corner of > Brod
erick and 'Jackson : streets, W -112 :« : by S 75;
Works \- (contractors), \ architect same— Klpctric
work and speaking tubes for same on same;
W00.---\.. ¦¦-¦¦.¦::¦,¦:¦, ¦ :¦-::-,., :i , : .- - - "•. ,
¦¦ Luclu* :' L.:.- Solomons '(owner) wlth.Macy &
Rounds- (contractors), 'architect- Maxwell G."
Bugbee— All" work, except shades and gas, fix
tures i for :a 2-story frame -build Ins '(store and.
flat)ion »lot 'on SE corner -of. Bay and' Hyde
streets. ' E- 25 i by S- 70 ». $3500; . , "
, The climatic history of the Old World
will repeat 'itself in America.. If \ forest
destruction, at its present rate of reck
lessness, should 9 continue : much longer
our continent wll have to dry'up.' So will
an orator who should venture to urge that
fact upon a boodle Legislature in this- era
of lumber trusts. J j But- the fact remains;
and its significance may be; inferred from
the experience of the Mediterranean coast
lands, where /thousands of ! "god-gardens,
have been turned into Gehennas .of
wretchedness and desolation. ; By tree de
struction alone •''a,' territory of 4,500,000
square •>, miles f . has -, been ". withdrawn from
the' •habitable;- area' of our' planet. Tho
physical ' history^; of »a -desert -that orig
lnated'somewhefe;near. the cradle of the
Caucasian race-rin Bactria,, perhaps— and,
spreading! westward and southward/- has
blighted' , the ;¦ Kdens~. of -three ,; continents
like. a : devouring 1 , fire and: is now scorch-
Ing the ,,west poast^ of i Africa, '¦, and send
ing . its '. warning sand .clouds ¦ far out to
seaward.— National Magazine. f
The Menace of the Forest.
Mistakes Husband* for' a Burglar.
r CHICAGO.' Oct. 15.— While searching for
burglars last 1 night Herbert I* Butler of
Austin was shot and seriously
by his wife. The couple had armed them
selves, Butler with a, revolver and' his
wife with a shotgun. . Upon' discerning the
outlines of a person in the darkness, tho
wife . opened 'fire and her ; husband dropped
to 'the floor: in ? agony. "There .were no
burglars in the house.
Mother and Babe Perish in a Storm.
, ; DENVER, Oct. > 15.— Mrs.\ Kate Lonegan,
wltli ; tier, two-year-old son ' Francis in her
arms, -: lost ' her. 1 :. way, on '» the ¦ prairie near
this, city- lastinight In {a- snowstorm and
fell into an irrigating : ditch, ¦ where * both
were, found dead to-day.
REAL v ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Continued From Page Eleven.
Attorneys for *the defendant told . the
jury they would make no. denials of the
charge that the defendant killed his wife,
but- would, seek to prove him insane. <
CHICAGO, Oct. 15.— Frank Pavllk cre
ated a- dramatic scene In Judge Clifford's
courtUo-day by pointing an accusing: fin
ger at his father and declaring that the
latter was guilty not only of wife murder,
but also~ of matricide. ..• • '. ,
"The < murder of. my mother Is not the
first one committed by • my father," aald
the accuser. "In Bohemia, where I was
born,' he killed his own mother, too. He
became enraged at my grandmother and
struck her <»a vicious blow. - For three
weeks she suffered and finally died. I My
father was never punished - for ' that
crime."' ,- .- 1 -. ; '¦-"':'.•"¦¦. ---
Chicago Man Declares Parent Is
. Guilty of Wife-Murder and Also
V , : of Matricide.
POINTS AN ACCUSING
'• V FINGEB AT HIS FATHER
: The new representative was on the plat
form : in the convention hall when Jerry
Simpson , was first . : nominated for Con
gress,' and it was he whio conceived the
fiction of Simpson's antipathy to socks.
He printed a story about It In his father's
paper next morning— a story that caused
Jerry ; to- be dubbed ."The Sockless Socra
tes of Kansas." ' It was he.'also, -who con
ceived the idea of a Government lottery
for^the disposition of the lands of the
Kiowa.Comanche, and Apache Indians' in
Oklahoma to white settlers. His plan
was adopted by the Governor. Murdock
v. r as ¦ invited to a reception 'given by Pres
ident Diaz, In Mexico, two years ago, and
not until he: was . In : the presence - of the
dictator, did, he realize that he had for
gotten his collar.— Wichita Correspondent
Imthe New York Herald. . ; .
Victor Murdock's' mother, who is a niece
of one of the early Governors of Mary
land, was a very handsome young woman
and when the war broke out she rode on
horseback over Douglas County,- person
ally inciting the patriotism of young men
to a defense of the Kansas border.' She
was then but 17 years old. Only : three
men in her county— the postmaster,, a
preacher and a i cripple— failed; to enlist
In defense of Kansas. ' ' l
Chairman Wilson at once set y to work to
recognize red-haired local • workers in
every precinct. Fred Dold, son of a Buf
falo, N. Y., packer, a red-haired Demo
crat, was the firs£ to contribute to the
campaign fund, sending his check for
5100.. Young 'Murdock— he is now only 32—
came from, 'a: stock- famous in Kansas.
His father was a printer on the Herald
of Freedom when Quantrell made the
raid on Lawrence that ended In the his
toric massacre. Quantrell's gang chased
him to a well, where he caught hold of
the rope ¦ and slid down. Several shots
were fired Into the well at him, but none
hit him., ' * ; . T r -> »
To show his recognition of the men who
he felt had" brought about his nomination
Mr. Murdock's first act was the designa
tion of Judge Thomas C. .Wilson of Sedg
wlck County, a red-haired man, to be his
campaign manager and committee chair
man. He also appointed a red-haired
stenographer for campaign headquarters.
Anil they did organize. Next day Smffh
announqecL in' the lobby of ' the principal
hotel at Topeka, that the next Representa
tlve.rfjftSTn'the Seventh' Dlrtrlct must have
red' hair. '-The political experts exploited
the^idta, 'an'd' r the. red.-headed . men : of the
Seyenth' District, regardless of politics or
prejudices, j took the "matter* 1 s^ml-serious
ly and became .'enthusiastic' -..over it. As
the ¦. campaign- progressed ,' Murdock' s
chance became bright. Every red-headed
Republican in the district. wOi ked strenu
ously to be made a delegate, an<i when
the convention met at Great Bend on
April 3 a good 40 per cent of 5ts members
had red hair, | and one of the most re
markable things in the history of Kansas
politics occurred. Murdock was nominat
ed on the' first ballot against nineteen
other candidates.-
"Smith, do you know that the red
headed men of this county have' never
been fairly treated \ Notwithstanding the
fact that ten- out of every one hundred
Americans have red hair, we have never
had a red-headed President since ! tbe
time of Thomas Jefferson. We must or
ganize." ;.- . • • •
. Victor Murdock was attending the Leg
islature for the Wichita Eagle, of "which
he * was .'managing editor, and:; a' warm'
friendship, existed between ' him ( and
Smith; who , was, geographically, the
strongest candidate in the race for Con
gress. The neld, with the exception of
Murdock, was fighting Smith. I",
.One night, in a jocular mood, Murdock
said: . • ¦ i.-"- • : ;
Victor Murdock of this . place. Repub
lican, was elected to Conpress In this dis
trict' (the seventh) last week by an over
whelming plurality over C. F. dyne.
Democrat, and Judge W. J.Babb, Popu
list. The election was to fill the vacancy
caused by the resignation" of Chester, I.
Long, who was elected to/ the United
States Senate. . The Issue which Murdock
forced t othe front in his campaign was
one not mentioned in any State or national
platform every written— that of red hair.
His fight for election was carried -on by
an drganization which has been dubbed
"The Short Grass League of Red Heads."
Two months ago, when Representative
Long was transferred to the Senate,
twenty men announced themselves as
candidates to succeed him. ' Two of them
—State Senator Fred Dumont Smith and
Victor Murdock— had red hair. 5 ;
Organization of "Sorrel ;Tops" That
Sent Victor Murdock From Be-
porter's Desk to Congress.
RED-HEADED MEN
* : MADE STTCCESSFUL FIGHT
The . examination touched upon the
meeting later in Cincinnati/ at the Gib
son House, when Johns and Ryan were
alone again In the former's room from 9
p.-m. until midnight, after, which Ryan
said he' would settle the next morning.
Witness denied that he then told Ryan,
"here, are the goods," or that "it took
mighty clever work to get Christiancy'a
name to the document." ;
The witness handed Ryan ,the letter
about the decision the next morning and
the latter paid him $1000 in cash and gave
himtwo checks, one for $2000 and one for
$1400. These payments, with $100 advanced
previously at Terre Haute, made $4500.
RYAN PAYS FOB' SEBVICES.
The scene over what is called the "Jim
telegram" was most dramatic. ; Johns said
that "Jim" I was a nickname for - D. V.
Miller, and that the telegram read: "Let
ter sent. Have not written him. Go
promptly,'.' and signed "Jim," was from
Miller and that It referred to the decis
ion which, the Government claims, was
sent to Johns when no letter about It was
sent to Ryan, the prosecution -holding
that.it was intended for Johns to see
Ryan first, etc. Johns testified • that he
did nothing the day he got the "Jim" tel
egram, but that the next morning he re
ceived two letters, . one for himself and
the other for Ryan, . when he communi
cated with his client.
The witness testified that 'when they
first opened their conversation 'in Ryan's
room he told Ryan about Miller being his
close .friend, who had .advised him to
practice before the department. Johns
said he and' Miller had been personal
friends for' years and that the latter
would give due consideration to his peti
tions. Johns denied that he had asked
Ryan "What Is it worth to you to get a
favorable decision?" He denied having
said he could get a clear bill of sale or
anything of that kind, or that. he could
get a fraud order issued. ,He denied hav
ing asked Ryan'-for ?5000"' and finally ac
cepted $2500 for the legal work. He de
nied that he had told Ryan that Miller,
would .revise the turf literature or help
In doing so. ' ¦/ ' .. : ;
Much time was consumed in explaining
letters and telegrams that passed between
Johns, Miller and Ryan, which had been
put in evidence by the. prosecution. ...
MAKES NTJMEBOUS DENIALS.
Joseph M. Johns, one of the defendants,
testified .th^at he had lived in Rockville
twelve years and was Deputy Prosecutor
the last five years. He first met D. V.
Miller in 1890, when he introduced him as
a -speaker at a political meeting. ¦ After
ward he had been employed with Miller
in cases and they were closely associated.
Last spring -Miller came from Washing
ton to try a case at Rockville. Miller
then told the witness that practice before
the Postofflce Department was desirable.
Johns said there was no arrangement be.
tween them and nothing like a conspira
cy, but that his duties as Deputy .Prose
cutor did not require all his time and he
wanted other business. He then made a
study of the United States statutes on
postal business. He solicited service
from the Cheage Commission Company of
St. Louis, as well as from J. J. Ryan &
Co., and wrote to other concerns;-
His letters to Ryan finally brought the
conference in the Fillbeck Hotel' at Terre
Haute. There he found a man who Intro
duced himself as Mr. Rose, who after
ward turned out to be John J. Ryan. ;
JOHNS ON THE STAND.
CINCINNATI. Oct. .15.— In the trial of
Miller and Johns for' alleged conspiracy
to extort a brlbe < the Government rested
this afternoon and the defense introduced
evidence for three hours. One of the de
fendants was still on the stand . when
court adjourned. ' • •
All of the witnesses of the Government
ta-day were Federal officers or former
employes of the Government, the most
prominent being C. A. G. Christian'cy,
who was First Assistant Attorney in the
office of the Assistant Attorney General
for the Postofflce Department when D. V.
Miller was the. Second Assistant . Attor
ney, or the next in rank to the witness
under the Tyner administration. Chris
tiancy, while no longer connected with
the Postoffice Department, . was a start
ling witness in testifying, that Miller had
not submitted some important matters in
the Ryan case to him and had* misled him
in regard to the ' others, notably In the
Information on which was based the rul
ing contained in a letter signed by Chris
tlancyand sent out last December, which
the Government claims was sent to Johns
for Ryan & Co. '.'• . ! ' *-
. ¦¦¦".:.¦.; • . ¦ ¦ - - ?
Former Oflacial Says He Was
Deceived by Man
. Now on Trial!,
Ghristiancy Testifies for
the. Government in
¦Postal Case.
MILLER ACCUSED
BY HIS SUPERIOR
THE SAN FK Atf CISCO CALL, -FRIDAY, O CTOBER 1 6, 1903;
13
N. W. COR, 44x1 03. Western Addition, grand
marine view- ?1MK>: a bargain; rest cf block
built up with Sats that bring high rents; fine
corner to impro\e; cars pass. AV. J. GUNN.
530 California et. -
ONLY 11235— A bargain: west side Sixth ave.,
• north of Lako; iSxliO: street work done; elee-
. trie cars close b.v. W. J. GUNN. 530 Call-
. fornia Et. ____^
CII£AP lois sunny Fide Union, with fine ma-
• Une view;'fl7M>. W. J. GUNN. 630 Callfor-
nia st.
* N. H LANG & CO.. 40 Montgomery et.. |
'Exclusive Lx-alers in IVul'ate and Bank Realty. 1
¦ ¦ {
HOOOr-Stylish up to date resiflence In Mls-
'pJon.u-irm'bf-Jt'; Just completed; containing 7
'rooms and bath elegant finished plumbing and
hardware throughout; adjoining homes have J
ell found new owners within last two months; ]
•old t'-i cloee partnership account; easy terms
If <SeFired.
SACRIFICED — M-:st be eoJd in 15 days; make
c' offf-rr two handsome punny flats, 7 and 8
rooms bath; this property is strictly in I
warm' V-H cf Mission; will sell adjoining j
K>t If desirrJ; street bitumlnirod; lot f>3xll7:<3 1
to allct; No 1US0-10K2 Dolores et.. between ,
•J3d ir^ Sith. PATTERSON. 11 City Hall isq. |
fll,f<"<>—^lri^'* CASH; not yet completed, but
! rented for $12W» per year; 3 marine \-iew
. flats. Nns. 2i«^-70-72 Union et.. E. Webster;
s everj- room is and will be eunny; every, pos-
sible latest improvement. For Inspection ap-
ply to 'Albert Wilford, owner, oOOO Jackson.
flOO DOWN and fl5 month for cottage, 4 r. and
1 b. en Nevada ave. Cottage of 4 r.. San Jose
avf.. fl<X» down and $12 50 per month.
$.150 down and $20 month. 6 r. and b., on
Duncan rt. D. Coffin & Co.. 3303 Mission. !
BUILJ> on your unimproved realty; -we loan j
fuli cost iir.rrov. and part lot at 6 per cent. ;
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker building, j
FXXB income flats on Fu'.ion, near City Hall; j
rrascr.abie. Inquire 142 Fulton St., owner.
REAL ESTATE Country For Sale, j
*1MTX)ME paying property; the best fruit and j
.^--poultry farm in Sonoma County; 40 miles 1
irom San Francisco, near Petalurr.a.
Eleven-rcom furnishtd house. Hg barn, j
fruit arid poultry houses: tanks and wind- j
m!ll«; abur.dant water; 30OO bearing tree*; ¦
arnu&l crop 20,000 pounds cherries, 4000 J
boxes apt'les, 10,000 pounds pears, large lots
of peaches end p'.umi; shrubberies, shade
trees, large vegetable and flower gardens;
. 3 acres of asparagus.
• 1200 hens, highly bred: white, buff and
brown Leghorns, white and black Mlnorcas.
• white snd barred Plymouth Kocks, buff
Cochins, etc.
Incubators, brooders, wagons, horses, Jer-
sey cows; outSt complete; place in full and
t-ucc'-ssful crx-ration.
Distant residence of owner compels fiis-
I>ose1. and er.tirc- j.roperty Is for sale or
rental to a tenant who would buy the mov-
able property, worth $2500.
K. E. THOMPSON. 452 Parrott b'dg.. S. F.
WV NICE HOME —
• $S(X>; haprored chicken ranch of 12 acres, i
8 acros Ixittcm land; 6 miles from Lockford.
Ptn Joaquln Co.; email rustic house, new
birn. fine well cf water, some fruit and ber- |
ries. wood; close to school and free rural |
delivery. QU1OGLE. 3 to 10 a. m. WHIT- j
AKER & RAY CO., 723 Market St., or
address b«>x 15. Gait.
f 10 A MONTH buys a TO-acre farm.
Write for booklet: it's free.
WRIGHT & K1MBROUGH, C03 J st.
Sacramento. California.
IF rou -want a stock ranch, dairy cr coloniza-
tion tract, write CHAS. W. COE & CO.. 43
Wert Santa et.. San Jose, Cal.
ALFALFA la.r.<ls. ptock ranches, orchards,
vineyards; lnsj">ected bargains; monthly cata-
logues tent free. C. M. WOOSTEIt CO , 648
Market st.
t2 ACRES fruit or grain land, near EFparto.
L -Yolo Co.; cht-ap. Address E. A. KNEIB. Di-
mond. CS.1.
FOR poultry and dairy ranches yirUing a pood
profit. HAMILTON & KENDRICK.Petaluma.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
Trt paces. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 year.
I>O f XT r ni< : HM PJ V ?L.rc' 3 . A^ o ESTATE.
"WATER fror.t lots and bargains; all tracts;
mars, photos, t-tc. DEI..L, 417 Parrott bldg.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
DEnK.Et.EY nEAt ESTATE.
3. J. MASON.
Real Estate and Insurance Agent.
Choice Property a Specialty.
EE. cor. Ehattuck ave. and Center st.
Berkeley. Cal.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
oakland ueal estate.
at^aTFctIon!
at auction,
at auction,
at auction,
at auction,
at auction,
saturday. october 24. 1903.
On the Premises.
At 1:30 p. m..
The Relchling Houses,
At
Jvorthwest ccmpr Linden and 8th sts.. Oak-
lanS's rrettiest rt-sidence section.
h Beautiful Homes.
In
8 Large Single Subdivisions.
With 9. 10. 11 and 12 rooms, bath each; cost
originally $.5000 to s:i.:.«' each to construct.
Larpe funny Lots.
Large sunny lots with i'J ft.. M ft., C3 ft. and
»» ft. frontage by a depth cf 100 to IC5 feet.
\.Vote size ersd drpth.)
Beautifully terraced, above grade of street.
m-ith the most artistic uon" coping uniformly
arranged around the t-ntire frontage, with
palms and full-grown shrubberies throughout
each garden. For year* this 'half block ot resi-
dence homes has been the pride of the city, the
personal care of the own»?r. as one of the
finest kept properties in Oakland.
Artistic and substantial, similar to the
croueds of Golden Gate Park and the Schil-
ling's. Oakland's water park.
Rentals as an Investment.
As an investment property ha* retained
srtrady tenants. Some of them have occupied
*ame almost tince construction.
Present rentals are $.30. $i:> and $G5 each.
A HOME LOCATION
Fronting on the only bitumiaizc-d residence
etrcet in Oakland; opposite and adjoining fine
block of modern residences worth from $8500
to $25,000; same block as the Havens' and
G«K>rge W. McKoar"! t<eautiful homes; a blocks
of Market or Adeline etation; short walk to
Broadway business center; walking distance to
high schorl and finest primary, grammar and
private cchoole in the city, without necessita-
ting children to cross streetcar lines.
One of the choicest, close in. convenient,
srtrictly home neighborhoods In Oakland.
AX OPPORTUNITY SELDOM OFFERED
THE PROPERTY MUST BE SOLD.
EEVEKAL INTERESTS MUST BE CLOSED
OWNERS ANXIOUS TO SELL.
NOTE THE TERMS.
One-third cash, balance on mortgage In one
and two years.
To see premises, get permit at office.
SaJe Saturday. October 24. 1903,
1 :30 p. m., on the grounds.
Write or call for catalogue showing photo-
sjraphs of premise* and giving full particulars.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE COMPANY,
Auctioneers.
4C0 and 4C2 Eichth St., Oakland. CaL
|fc£00 — COMFORTABLE cottage with bay-win-
cow and high basement; lot 140 feet deep-
fine large barn; gravel driveway; nice neigh-
borhood; rtreet work ell done: above tian
Pablo ave.; terms If you like. J. s. MYEIiS
or GEORGE W. AUSTIN. 1002 Broadway
, Oakland.
WEST St.. S40; seven apartments; income $79
per month; modern Improvements; windmill
and tank; 17000. Inquire 607 Grove at.,
Oakland-
Modern bouse. 9 rrr.F.; stable: Mason & Hamlin
organ. IV-fr-re 12 m.. 422 Orange ft.. Oakland.
for sale.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains in furni-
turr. 11. f rhPllhaa*. Uth gt.,cor.gtore.OakInj.
__TjrPE WRITERS AXD_SUPPL.I ES^
GREAT BARGAINS In'tYPEWRITERS^\>
w>1I better machinf-s for le*s money than any
house in the city; rf ntals S3. The Typewriter
Lxchangf. MO California; telephone Main 20C.
A FEW good typewriter* at~S30 each- get par-
ticulars. L. & 1L ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
comiry »t. .
ID-HAND typewriters »old, rented repaired.
YUb?t»>r Typewriter IriFpee. Co., COS Market.
Df the Superior Court of the City and County
of San FrancUco. Ftate of California— Pro-
bate. No. 293W. (Indorsed) Filed Oct IS
1903. Albert B. Mahony. Clerk, by E S
Ilawley, Deputy Clerk. In the matter of
the estate of PATRICK DUOAN. decSi«S.
Notice for publication of time appointed for
probate of will. < C C. P.. Bc-c. 1303 Notice
is hereby given that TUESDAY, the 27th day
of October. A. D. 1903. at 10 o'clock turn of
that day. and the courtroom of Department
No. 8 of said court, at the City Hall, in the
city and county of San Francisco. State of
(California, have been appointed as the time
Jkand place for proving the will of caid PAT-
RICK DUGAN. deceased; and to? hearing
\he application of NELLIE A. LASSFLL
for the i^uance to her of letters of adminis-
tration with the will annexed thereon fpeal 1
ALBERT B. MAHONY. Clerk.- By Eg
HAWLEY. Deputy Clerk. Dated October 13
A. D. 1903. A. D. KEYES. Attorney fw
* I * c tl — I oscr
I ANTLERsTiTs'Turk St.— Strictly modern. 4-5
i room apartments; fur. or unfur. for nskpg.
FOURTH, 225— Nice housekeeping- rooms, also
single rooms. ¦
GEARY, 1432, cor. Lasuna— Sunny suite of
rooms: connecting: bath and gas range.
HOWARD. 10C3 — Two sunny connecting fur-
nished bcusekpg rooms; range, running water.
JESSIE, 335— Lame sunny front parlor; house-
kl«. : folding bed; gaa range; everything new.
LANGTON 2W5ia — 3 eunny nicely furnished
rooms for housekeeping; private family.
MCALLISTER. 636— Sunny, nicely furnished
suit"; gas range, hot bath, -laundry;- $11;
adults. ' i
' MODEL HOUSE. 12<W Stockton — Newly fur-
nlshed rooms. $5-?12; bath, gag, phone. •
OCTAVIA, 406 — 3 furnished rooms, complete
for housekeeping: $20. /'
SEVENTH. 101— Housekeeping rooms; nice
bay-window rooms.
i THREE !arp« unfurnished sunny rooms. In-
quire 45S Hayes st.
i TWENTY-THIRD. 8T26, near Dolores — 3 sunny
bay-window rooms; nice, neat,' complete. .
CLASSIFIED edvertlsements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1006
Valencia St. ' . ' . * '; .".' ' .
ROOMS TO LET Forn. and tlnfarn.
A— BHl'NSWICK House, 14S Sixth — Rooms
2.1c to f 1 per night. $1 25 to J5 per week and
Iffrht housekeeping rooms: open all 1 night.
AT "The Almonte." 873 Market .st. (or No. V
Fifth Et.)— Rooms. 25c, 60c; fl, $1 50 night;
(I 60 to $10 week; house open all night.
| BURNETT, 1420 Market (old No. 1304)— Fnp-
ntshed rooms, suite, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason — EJegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
FIFTH, 110. second flat — Nice furnished
rooms very reasonable; convenient; tunny.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 60o
to fl 50 night; $1 to $3 week; reading-room.
JESSIE, 363, east of U. S. Mint— Furnished
rooms, $5 and f6 per month.
LAGUNA and McAllister, St. James flat— Sun-
ny single room.
MCALLISTER. 90S — Newly furnished, sunny
room; all conveniences: rent reasonable.
MISSION. 1607. near 12th — Pleasant sunny sin-
gle furnished front room, $5; gas and bath.
O'FARRELL, 20S — Nicely furnished sunny
¦front rooms, also single rooms; $2 to $5 week..
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis — Incandescent lights,
reading-room, emoking-room and ladies' par-
lor: rooms t>er night, 33c to $1 50; week. $2
Jo ?S; month, $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor: rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
FEVKNTEFNTH, 3005. cor Castro— Alcove
bedroom, facing Market; gentleman; refs.
1 THE FALMOUTH, 1O40A Market st.: furnished
i-ooms: hot and cold water; elevator; central.
THE Gil!es>pie. 110 9th — Pure. rms.. $1 5O-$2 80
wk. ; also transient rms., 50c to 75c per night.
UNITED STATES, 123 E-idy et., near Market—
400 single and family rooms; 3'>c to $1 night;
$1 75 to $0 week; elevator; electric lights;
reading-room; free bus and baggage. ,
VAN NESS, R19 — Handsome sunny furnished
. suites, and single rooms, all conveniences.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 3d St.. near Market-
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
:i3c to H 50 nlKht; $2 to fS week; elevator;
elec. lights: reading-room; free bus; baggage.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109ti
Valencia Et. ____________
ROOMS AXD BOARD.
STEVENSON Mansion, SO" California st. — At-
tractive and sitchtly room»: best table and
service: lowest rates.. . -
VAN NESS ave.. 1714 — Private boarding-house,
homelike; everything first class; sunny
suite*; sinele rooms; choice locality; ref.
O'FARRELL, SOS — Furnished rooms and board
In private family; price reasonable.
, ITciEHTIFIC OPTICIAWS. '
DITUXG the G. A. R. encampment Dr. Clise,
1023 Market Et.. bet. Cth-7th, fitted glasses to
Gen. Miles; you want the best as. well as he.
SEWING MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES
VFW HOME sewing machine, this week only.
$10. fir.. $20:" slightly used; needleB 20c do».-
NEW HOME S. M. CO.. 10T,l Market Et.
SPECIALISTS. ¦
cXtTuRhTdeAFNESS &Jid NOISES In EARS
positively cured; new method; 1 week's treat-
ment free. . Dr. Cottingh_n. 204 Sutter gt.
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture,
hou-sthold goods stored, moved, shipped. 72i-
731 Howard et.. near Third; phone Grant 161.
FIKRCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
fice Post and Powell sts.; tel. Prlv. Ex. 571.
CON KLIN'S Storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. '333 Golden Gate ave.; phone East 126.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made; S40
Mission st. ; tel. Howard 041. F. TV. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Ptoragre.and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2220 Fillmore St.; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 11 Montgomery
Ft.: tel. Main 1840. Shipping at cut rates.
STUTTERING AXD STAM3IERIXG.
MELBOURNE School, Van Ness-Market — Cure
in every case; individual teaching: no medi-
cine. Inquire into wonderful curee;home cure.
" MARRIAGE LICENSES. }
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Nick Balich, 21, 66 Perry street, and Ella
Savich, 27. 8(> Perry street.
Conrad liergmann. 29, 5 Bernard street, and
Marie Golsch, 29, KKKJ Jackson . street. . ¦; •
George H. A. Altner. 42. Chicago, and Clara
R. Allen. 33, L<is Angeles.
George M. Iludebeck, 38, 1438 Jackson street,
and Anna T. Stream, 31, 1 4.'{S Jackson street.
D. Fulmer Carlton, 22. 299 Hyde street, and
Jeannie Butts. SO. 2f«> Hyde street.
John L. Dillon. 35, 2830 Pine street, .and
Louise Lawrence, 31, 120 Fourth avenue. '
Alva L. Maiden. 30, 712 Van Ness avenue,
aM Alk-e E. La Rue, 28, 806 Webster street.
Isadore WidaFky,' 23, city, and Florence E.
K««nedy, 20, city-
John B. Smith, 20. 430^4 Sixth street, And
Emma J. Colson. 22, Los Angeles.
Harry C. Adams, 21, 'Woodland, and Lois C.
Swan, 18, city.
Thoma* A. Allen, 21. Weils, Nev.. and Har-
riet M. Miller. .18. Oakland.
Charles E. Arnold, 27, 423 Fair Oaks street,
and An ni</ C. Hart, 17, .222 Lexington avenue.
Simon B. Battey Jr., 24, 106 Natoma street,
and Anianila Jones, 18, Riverside.
Eugene F. Duffey, 2S, city, \ and Mamie A.
Bt-rr3\ 20. city. '. . . -
Yee Fun. 37, Vacaville, and Lone Qul Seen,
30, !>2O fracramento street. '
BIRTHS— fflABRIAGES^DEAIBS. ¦
Birth, marriaee and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at elth.»r of the publication offices and be
indorsed w.'th the name and residence of per-
eons authorized to have the same published.
CANE— In tblii city, October 15, 1903, t!> the
wife of Joseph Cane, a pon. .
MEDAU— In tills -city, October 9, 1903, to the
wife of Emit Medau, a eon.
MUCUS— In this city. October 'S, 1903, to the
wife of Geonte Muchs. a son.
MARRIED.
BUCK— CHRISTIAN— In this city, October 14
1003. bv the Ilev. Dr. J. T. Will a, Robert
F. Ituck and Amye Christian, both of San
" Francisco.
DUEBEL— FORD— In this city, October 14
l'.rtM, by the Rev. Jay William Hudson of the
Second Unitarian Church, Charles Duebel
and Stella Ford, both of San Francisco.
LINDSAY— BEIIRENDT— In Oakland. Cal
October 14. lU03. t J>y the Rev. E. R. Dllle
D.D.. Charles K. "Lindsay of Chicago and
Viola Behrendt of 'New "York, both members
of "Prince of Pllsen" Otsera Company. .
MYERS— SANCHEZ— In Oakland. Cal.. Sep-
tember 27. 1903, by the Rev. E. R. Dllle,
Koscoe Bronson Myers and Mrs. Emma M.
Sanchez, both of San Francisco.
WATERHOUSE— GATES— In Portland, Or..
September 16, 1903, by the Rev. E. L. House,
D.D., Fred A. Waterhouse ' of - San Fran-
- Cisco and Edna G. Gates of Portland.,
_ : DIED
Bourne, Richard A. Hurson, Ellen
Burfeind, Mary . Jung. Katherine
Cahill. William' Mahan. Annie
Cane <lnf ant) Mahoney, Daniel G.
Cavanaugh. Wm. H. Medau (Infant) V . |
Clark. Anita E. Mills. Lizzie
Cooper. Gertrude A. Mother M. Augustine
Cunningham, Annie Porter, Marie H.
DaJiejr. Col. C. E." fteed, Mary
De Stein, Louis V. Sartor, Joseph
I>o*an, James A- Schad,- Therese L
Gross. Fred O. • Spaulding. Nathan
Haworth. James >: Tomb, ¦ Frances *
Hildehrand, Anna B. . "Wynne, Richard -'• .,
BOURNE— In thl« city/ October 13. 1903. at
OCEAN TBAVEL.
• _^tC r55v Steamers leave San Fran-
/cj^^^OffS. c' s co as follows:
"_'¦ Xiff\' For Ketchlkan, Wrangel.
/*/ vWSSl V*l Juneau . Halnes. Skagway,
( I AiLSe^V I I etc -> Alaska — 11 a. m., Oct.
I I \V5S*A/ ./ IS, 23, 28. Nov. 2. Change
wV \\. jS>/ to company's' steamers at
\£>t--^Zy Seattle.
>aAtS>jS^, For Victoria, Vancouver,
- • . ¦ ¦ Port ; Townsend, Seattle, Ta-.
coma, Everett, Wbatcom— 11 a. m., Oct. 18.
23,28, Nov. 2. Change at Seattle to this com-
pany's steamers for Alaska and G. X. Ry. ; at
Seattle or Tacoma to N. P. Ry.; at Vancouver
to C P. Rv.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— Pomona, l:S0
p. m., Oct. 19. 25. 31, Nov. «; Corona,. l:S0 p.
m.. Oct. 16. 22. 28, Nov. 3.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angeles and
Redondo), San Dieco and Santa I Barbara —
Hants Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
State of California, Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and Ea«t
San Pedro). Santa Barbara, Santa Crux, Mon-
terey, San Simeon. Cayucos, Port Harford (San
Luis Cbispo), Ventura and Hueneme.
Coos Bay, 9 a. m.. Oct. 1G, 21. Nov. 1.
Bonita. 0 a, m., Oct. 20, 28.' Nov. 5.
;For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz, Santa Ro-
salia, Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m., 7th of each
month. • ' . j
For further information obtain folder.
Right is reserved to change steamers or sail-
ins dates.
TICKET OFFICES — 4 New Montgom-
ery street (Palace Hotel), 10 Market atreet and
Broadway wharf. .-
Freight office.' 10 Market street.
CD. DUNANN. General Passenger Agent.
- ¦ ' . - ' 10 Market street/ San Francisco.
o; r. & n. co.
"Columbia" sails Oct. 20_ 30. Nov. 0 13 29
"George W. Elder" sails Oct. 15. 25. Nov. 4
14, 24. Only steamship line to PORTLAND*
OR., and short rail line from Portland to all
points East. Through tickets to all points, all
rail or steamship and rail at LOWEST RATES
Steamer tickets include berth and , meal?"
Steamer sails foot of Spear at. at 11 a. m S
F. BOOTH. Gen. Agt. Pass. Dept.. 1 Mont-
! gomery st.: C. CLIFFORD, XJen. Agt Freight
Dept., 3 Montgomery st.
TOYO RISEN KAISHA.
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.)
Steamers will leare wharf, corner First rnd
Brannan streets, at 1 p. m., for TOKOHA.MA
and HONGKONG, calling at Kobe (Hlogo)
Nagasaki and Shanghai, and connecting at
Hongkong with steamers for India, etc No
cargo received on board on day of sailing-
S. S. NIPPON MARU. ............ . . .
.....Thursday. October 15. 1903
S. S. AMERICA MARU $..,. \
Tuesday. November 10. 1963
S. S. HONGKONG MARU
Thursday, December 3, 1003
Via Honolulu. Round-trip tickets at reduced
rates. For freight and passage apply at Com-
pany's office. 421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
S S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu, Oct. 17, Ua.ni
S.S.MARIPOSA. for Tahiti.; Oct. 26, 11 a. m'
S. S. SIERRA, for Honolulu, Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney, Thursday, Oct. 20, 2 p. m
4JLSPIECXEU& BEOS.CSL, Agfs..TIctit6flIC8,643 lamift
|Rlslit0i&cL329.vkitSL.PiirIi7 ( Paci!ieiL
. COMPAONIE GENEHALE TRAN3ATLAUTIQ0E.
'DIRECT LINE TO. HAVRE-PARIS. JAft*>
Sailing every Thursday instead of <®Lfi52»
Saturday, at 10 a. m.; from Pier 42. •*=**=*
North River,- -foot cf Morton street.
First-class to Havre. $70 and upward. Sec-
ond-class to Havre, ?45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES' AND
CANADA, -.'{2 Broadway (Hudson Building).
New York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents, 5 Montgomery avenue, San Francisco.
Tickets Bold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
1 Mare Island and Vallejo Steamers. '
Steamer GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO—.
0:45 a. m.. 3:15 and 8:30 p. m., except Sunday.
Sunday. 9:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leave Vallejo,
7 a. m., 12:30 noon, 6 p. m.. ex. Sunday. Sun-
day, 7 a. m., 4:15 p. m. Fare, 50 cents. Tel.
Main 150S. Pier 2, Misslon-st. dock. HATCH
BR3S. ..•,-. . . •
RAILWAY TBAVEL. ,
6 6ALIF0RNIA |
I LIMITED TO CHICAGO. r!
M Leaves Mondays and Thursdays B
Q at 8:3O a. m., through In 3 days, R
H with diner and all trappings.' B
Other Santa Fe Trains:
2 : S ?'™"l- for Stockton, Fresno, Bakersfield,
8 : 00 p" m." ) Merced » Hanford and Viaalla.
4.00 p. m. for Stockton. -
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City, Grand Canyon and
Chicago.
Ticket Officv: 641 Market St., and Ferry-
Depot, S. F. Also 11U Broadway, Oak-
land, Cal.
¦TO SAN RAFAEL,
SAN QUENTIN,
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, ETC.
via Sansalito Ferry.
WEEK DAYS— (Holidays e««Pt e< £-* i 4^
t*7'45 8:43 »:45, 11 a. m.. 12:20. M:43. 3:13.
415 't5:15 »a:l&. 6:43. 0. 11:45 p. m.
7:45 a. m. train week day* doea not rua to
Sunday's *and legal holidays— 7.
•?8 t*0" flO 11, U»:30 a. m.. 112-™. fl:30.
2:36 •3:60, 5, 6. 7:30, 0, 11:45 p. m. ;
Trains marked. (•) run to San Quentin.
Those marked (t) to Fairfax. «cept 6:15 p. m.
Saturdays. On Saturdays the 3:15 p. m. train
runs to Fairfax. ' '
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
—Week days— 5:25, tB:25. 7:40» S:15 J9:33.
11:05 sum. 12:30. 2:20. »3:45. 4:50. Brio, 6:43.
"sUNDAYS-fi:^. 7:33. JS:10. 9:40. {10:55,
Jll:45 a. m., 12:50, 2:30. t3:25. 4:40. J5:50.
6:55. 7:35. 10:20. p. nf. .-¦:._ _ ,
V Trains marked ! iX> "tart from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO ' - SAN FRAN-
CISCO Week days — 5:45. 6:40, 7:43, 8:23.
9:45.^7:10 a. m.. 12:40, 2:15. 4:15. «:10, 7:05.
l0 SUN P D AYS— 6:33. 7:55. 10. 11:10 a. in., 12:05.
105 2:40 3:45, 4:55. 8:05. 7:10, 10:40 p. m.
¦ THROUGH TRAINS.
* 7 :45 a. m.. week days— Cazadero and way
stations.- . - ¦' t ¦.-._ *
.5:15 p. m., week days (Saturdays excepted) —
Tomales and way stations. ¦ ! ¦
7 3:15 p. m.. Saturdays^ — Caradero and way
stations. \ ' ' .
Sundays and Legal Holidays— 8 a. m., Cara-
dero and way stations. -
-¦ Sundays and Legal Holidays— 10 a. m., Point
Reyes and way stations. ¦'• -
TICKET OFFICE — 626 Market St.
FERRY— Foot of Market st. ¦
MOUNT; TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
'{Leave • Ik SaasUito r«T7 I ¦ Arrrr*
S— i Fran. lw> si Itorkst «. - Saa Fnta.
'Week Son- - -_ jpm •¦_ ,'Son- I Wc3T
da r* Day*.
•:45a. HiOOa jAHMgWa IS.OOn 9:lo7
l:45r 9:00a \SfflSggHSJ 13:S0p3:30r
S:15r 10:00a Wiik^V' 3:30p 5:ftO»
, ..' i I ! S:*5 pj : '. ; --v|Br - SjOOp ¦- «
•ttvHsyi ta\j. tan TkrcrnT »iSO?,inrnU. 11:30*
¦ Ticur ' I SS Maust St., (North Snore Ratlraad}
0I7IOB I and Sauskuto Fuit, Foot Martat St
BATLWAY TBAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
'lraln.4 leave ami are due to j»rrlv» at
SAN KKANCISCO.
(Main Line. Foot of Marfcet Street >
LMATK — F»«»ll~OCTOB«K 11. 190S. -. AH1TI
7.00a Benlcla. Sulsua. Klmira and Sacra-
mento 7.25f
7.00a V«c*Yllle, Winter*. Ramsey 7.25?
7.30* Martinez. Sun li.tmnn. Vallejo,
Nupa, CalUtogs, Santa Roia 825p
7.30 a Nile*. Ltvermure, La thro?. Stock*
ton « .25r
8-OOa Dtvls. Woodland. Knight* Lauding,
MarytTllle. Orotllle 7.B5r
800* Atlantic Expresn— Ogden snd Kaat. 10.23*
800* Port Coats. Martinez, Antloch, By-
ron, Trac j. S tock ton,Sacrame n to,
Los Banos. Mendota, 11 ao ford,
. Vlsalia, Portenrnie 4.23*
8-00* Port Cos ta. Martinez. Tracy, Lath-
rop, Modeato. Merced. Fresno.
Goshen Junction. Hanford. VI-
aalla, Ilakersfleld 5.23?
8.30* Shasta Expresa — Darts, William*
(for Bartlett Springs). Willows,
tFreto. Ued Bluff, Portland 7-55?
8.30a Nile*. Saa Jose, Llvermore, Stock- . -
ton.Ione.Sacramento.PlacervlIlflw -
Marysvllle. Chlco, Ked Bluff... .. 4.2Sr
8-30* Oalcdale. Chineae. Jamestown. So-
nora. Tuolnmne and Angela 4.25r
9 00* Martlnei and. Way Stations 6.6§P
1000a Vallejo 12.25?
10.00a El Paso Passenger. Eastbonnd.—
¦ Port Costa, Martlnex. Bjroa.
Tracy, Lathrop. Stockton.
Merced. Haymond. Fresno, Han-
ford. Vtsalta, Bakeradeld. Los
v Angele* and El Paso, (West-
bound arrives via Coast Line)... «1.3Qp
10.00a The Overland Limited — Ogdea.
Denver, Omaha. Chicago. 8.25*
12.C0m Hayward. Nllei and Way Station*.
11 .OOP Saceamento Hirer Steamers... tii.OOv
3.30r Benicla, Winters. Saeramento.
Woodland. Knlsats Landing.
MarysTiUe, Orovllle and w»y
stations ....:.. ...'- 'SS?*
3J0r Hayward. Nlles and Way Buttons.. 7.55f
400r Martlnez.SanUamon.VaneJo.Naoa. ?
¦ Callstcga. SinURM* .??S A
4.00r Martinez. Tracy.Lathrop.8U>cktOB. 10.25a
4 00p Nlles. Llvermore. Stockton. Lodi.. 4.25p
430p Hayward. Nile*. Irvlngton. Ban I t8.554
Jose. Llvermore f 111.55*
6 OOp The Owl Limited— Fresno. Tulare,
Bafcersfleld. Los Ansele 8. 55a
6-OOp Port Costa, Tracy, Stockton. Lot
Banos 1 2? Sr
1530p Ilayward. Nlles snd Sun Jose 7.25a
6-OOp Uarward. Nlles and San Jose 10 25*
( 6.00r oriental Mail— Oicden. Denrer,
Omaha. St. Louis. Chicago and
East. Port Costa. Benlcia. Sut-
¦ sun. Elmtra, Davis. Sacramento, .
v-Kocklin. Auburn, Colfax,
"•Truckee. Boca, Keno, Wads- -
worth. Wlnnemucca, Battle
Mountain. Elko 4.25*
• .OOp Vallejo, daily, except Sunday t, t rk p '
7-OOr Vallejo, Sunday only i !
7.00P San Pablo. Port Cost*. Martinez
and Way Stations. * 11-25*
8-05P Oregon & California Express— Sac-
ramento, Marysvllle, Reddln*;.
Portland, Puget Sound and East. 8-55 *
9.10p Bay ward, Nlles and San Jose (San-
day only) ...11.65*
11.2Sr Port Costa. Tracy. Lathrop, Mo-
. desto, Merced. Raymond (to To-
semlte). Fresno. Hanford. VI-
talla. BakersfleM 12-28?,
COAST LINE (¦'<»"•'' «»«S«).
(Foot of Market Street.) "
74Sa Santa Cruz Excursioo .'Sunday
only) 8-10»
8.15a Kewark. CentervlUe. San Jose.'
Felton. Boalaer Creek. Santa .
Cruz and Way Stations 625p
t2.16P Kewark, CentervlUe. San Jote,
New Almaden.Los Gatoa-Felton.
Boulder Creek. Santa Cruz *nj
Principal Way Stations 10-55*
4-1 Bp Newark, flan Jose, Loa Gatos and
way stations (on Saturday and
Sunday runa through to Banta
Cruz; Monday only from Santa
Cruz). Connects at Felton to
and from Boulder Creek t8.55»
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN *T.A> CISCO. Foot of Market St. (SllpJ)
— f»:15 9:00 11:00 a.m. » 100 300 5.15 r.M.
From OAKLAND, Foot of Broadway — t«:0O {9:00
T8:0a 10:00 a.m. 12.00 2-00 4.00 P.M.
COAST LINE < Bread Uange).
t3T ) f hlrd and foivnaend Streeu.)
6.10a San Jose and Way Stations 6 30p
1700a . Baa Jote and Way Sutlont 6 36p .
7.15a Monterey and Santa Crus Eicur- .
sion (Sunday only) 8-30p
8-OOa New Almaden (Tues.. Frld., only), 4-IOp
8 CO* Count Une Limited — Stops only S»n
¦ - Jose. Gilroy (connection for Hol-
lister), Pajaro. CastroTllle, Sa-
linas. San Ardo. Paso Roblea,
- SanUMargarlta, San Lult Obtspo,
: Guadalupe. Surf (connection for
. Lo.npoc). Santa Barbara. Saugu*
and Loa Angeles. Connection at
Castrovllle to and from Monterey
> < and Pacific Orove 10-45*
9.00a San Jose. Tres Plnos. Capltola,
SantaCruz,Pac!flcGrov«,Sa]tnaa,
Ssn Lult Obltpo and Principal
.Intermediate Stations - 4.10*
10.30a San Jose and Way Stations........ 1.20r
11.00* Cemetery Pa»*eii«r — South Saa
Francisco, S»n Bruno 1.05P
11. 30a Santa Clara. San- Jose, Loa Qatoa ¦
and Way SUtlons - 7.30?
o1.30r San Jose and Way SUtions X7-0OP
2. 00p San Jose and Way SUtlons {9 43*
2.30P Cemetery Passenirer— South Saa
Francisco. Saa Bruao 4 35p
t3.C0r Del Monte Exprest— Santa Clara,
Ban Jote, Del Monte. Monterey,
Pacific Grove (connects at Santa
Clara for Santa Crux. Boulder
Creek and Narrow Uaage Polnu) t1 2-1 5r
iZQr Pacific Grove a*d Way Stations—
. tturUngame,San Mateo.Redwood,
Menlo Park. Palo Alto, Mayfleld.
' Mountain View. Lawrence, riant*
Clara, 8an Jote, (GUroy. HoUlt-
ter. Tret Plnos), Pajaro. Watson-
vllle. Capltola, Santa Cruz. Caa-
trovUIe. Salinas 10.45a
4-30p San Jose and Way Stations 8 3o»
&C0p San Jose, (via Santa Clara) Los
- , Gates, Wright and Principal Way
SUtlons (except Sunday) 9.00*
{6-30P San Jote and Principal Way Sutlont t8.0QA
t6.15r 6«n Mateo.Befetford.Belmoncfiaa
Carlo*. Kedwood. Fair Oftks,
UenloPark. Palo Alto t9 45p
6.30r Ban Jose and Way Stations. 6. 33*
7-COr Sunset Limited. Eaatbound. — Saa
Luis Obtspo. SanU Barbara, Loa
Angeles, Demtng. El Paso. New
Orleans, New York. (Westbound
arrives via San JoaqulaValley) . . . v 8 25 a
S.OOPPaloAlto and Way Stations 10-15*
- 11.301" South San Francisco. MtUbrae,'
Burllngame, San Mateo, Bel- •»
mont. San Carlo*. Redwood, *<» jr.
Fair Oak*. Menlo Park. Palo ,2 Ifi
Alto. Mayfleld. MoonUla View. *»-*•'
tSunnyvale. Lawrence, SanU
¦ _¦ Clara and San Jose J
, A for Morning. P tor Afternoon.
X Saturday and Sunday only. : Sunday only.
f Stops at all stations on Sunday.
t Sunday except*!. a Saturday only.
t V la Coast Line. «r Via . San Joaquln Valley. -
OT Only trains .topping at Valencia St. soutfiboiui4
are«:!O*.M..r;:00A.)i..ll:0OA.M n 2:S»P.M.and«:a0P.M.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
JjESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
EAiiwAT coaxpAjrr.
Tlburon Perry , root of Market Street.
SAN FBANCISCO TO SAJT BAPAE1.
WEEK DATS^-7:3O. 0:0O. 11:00 a. m.: 12:35,
3:30. 6:10. 6:30 p. ta. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. . ¦
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8 :«O, 0:30. ll:0O a. m.: 1:30. 3:30.'
6:00. 6:20. .11:30 p. m.
SAN BAFAEX. TO SAW FEAH CISCO.
WEEK DATS— 6:0R, 7:35, 7:50. 0:20. U:lfl
; a. m.: 12:50. 3:4Q. 5:00. 5:20 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra, trip at 2:05 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00, 9:40, 11:15 a. m.; 1:40, 3:*w.
4:55. B:05. g:23 p. m. - ¦ ' ¦ ¦
Leave I" In Effect 1 Arrive
San Francisco. | Sept.' 27, 1903. [San Francisco.
W&tk I Sun- I Destina- 1 Sun- } Week.
Day*. | daya. | . Uon. ( daya. | Days.
7:30 af 8:00a 9J0a 8:40*
0:30 a . Ijr-acicv 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30p 3:30p 8:06 p 6:20p
¦ 5:10 p 5:0O p ¦ 7:35 p
7:30a _ ~ 9:10 a 8:40 a
8:00 a Novato, 10:4Oa 10:20 a
3:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma. 6:05 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 3:30 p and . 7:S5 p ¦¦
• 5:00 p Santa Rosa. |
7:30 a 110:40 a 10:20 a.
8:00 a Fulton. 7:33 p 6:20 »
Windsor. •
7:30 a 8:00 a Healdsburjr. . 10:40 a 10:20 a
Lytton,
3:30 p 3:30 p Geystervllle, 7:23 p «;20p
¦¦ <• Cloverdale. j
7:30 a| 8:00 al Hopland 110:40 a|10:20 *
3:30 a| 3:30 p| and Uklah. I 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30 a| 8:00 a| WllUts. 1 7:35 p! 6:20 p
7:30 at 8:00 a J ¦ 110:40 a(10:20 a
3:30 p( 3:30 pj Guernevllla. | 7:35 p[ 8:20 p
7:30 at 8:00 al Sonoma, I 9:10a 1 8:40a
5:10p[ 5:Q0p[ Clen Ellen. |6:05pl6:20p
7:30 a[ 8:00 al 110:40 a|10:20 a
3:30 pj 3:30 p| Sebastopol. I 7:35 p| 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for Saa
Quentin; at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton for Altruria and Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
servllle for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers. Booneville ¦ and Greenwood: at
Hopland for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs.
KeUeyville. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay. Lake,
port and Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy
Springs Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Spring*. Upper Lake. Pomo,
Potter Valley. John Day's. Riverside. Uerly's,
Bucknell's, Sanhedrin Heights. Hutlvtlle. Orr's
Hot Springs Halfway House. Comptche. Camp
Stevens. Hopkins. Mendocino City. Fort Bragg.
Westpoxt. Usal: at Willits for Fort Bragg.
Westport. Sherwood. • Cahto. Covello. Layton-
vUle Cummings. Bell's Springs. HarrU. Ol-
sen's. Dyer.; Garbenrille. Pepperwood. Scotia
and Eureka.
, Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates. .
On Sunday round trip tickets to all points)
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket : office 650 Market street. Chronicle
building •<-. ¦ „ . - •* -
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAX
i Gen. Manager. ;> Gea.' Fin. Ajt, j
his residence.' 2120 Bush etreet, ! Richard A.
Bourne, husband of Anna Bourne, and father
of Misa F. Wlnn. Miss Birdie, J. P., W. A.
and G. T. Bourne, a native of Springfield,
¦ ' Ohio, aged C2 years. :
IT7Frlend8 and acquaintances and com-
rades of the G. A. R. . are respectfully . In- :
vited to attend the . funeral, which will be
held under the auspices of George H. Thomas
Post No. 2. G. A. R.. at their hall, 1 320 Post I
¦treet, on Sunday, October 18, at 1 o'clock.
Interment George H. Thomas. Post Plat, Na-
tional Cemetery, Presidio. : •
BURFEIND— In this city, October 15, 1903,
Mary, beloved wife of the late Martin Bur-
feind, and beloved mother of Addle. Henry,
Edward, May and tho late John Burfeind.
a native of • Lyons. Wayne County, New
York, aged 58 years 9 months and 3 days.
(Lyons, Wayne County, New York, papers
please copy.) , .
C3TriendB and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday.
October 18. 1903, at 2 o'clock, from her late
residence. 1900 Taylor street, between Union
and Filbert, thence to I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
CAHILL— In the City and County Hospital,
October 15. 1903, William Cahlll, a native of
Canada, aged 75 years. ' ¦ ' -. .
CANE— In this city. October 15, 1B03, Infant
eon of Joseph and Kathryn Cane, a native of
Ban Francisco.
CAVANAUGH— In this cily. October 15, 1903,
William H., ' beloved son of William and j
Lillian Cavanaugh, and brother of Lillian
and Walter Cavanaugh and the late Frances ,
Cavanaugh, a native of San Francisco, aged
16 days. V '
CLARK— In this city,} October U, 1S03. Anita !
E., twin daughter Of Stephen and Annie
E. Clark, and i eleter of Alice, Charles,
• Etepben and Georre Clark, a native of San
¦ Francisco, aged 1 year 7 months and 21
days.
E7" Friends and acquaintance* are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence of.
; the parents, 1347 Stevenson street. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery. .• . --
COOPER— Fell asleep In Jesus, ta this city,
October 15, 1003, Gertrude A., beloved wlfo
of George Cooper, a native of Birmingham.
England, , aged 44 years 2 months, and 24
' days. . • . •
(C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Saturday, October 17. 1803, at 10 o'clopk, at
the parlors of Craig, Cochran & Co., 429
Golden Gate avenue. Interment private, Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery- . Kindly omit flowers.
CUNNINGHAM— In this city, October 14, 1003,
Annie, beloved wife of >he late John F. Cun-
ningham, and mother of Anna T. Cunning-
ham, aged 53 years.
DAILEY— In this city. October 14, 1903, Col-
onel C. E., beloved husband of L. M. Dailey,
a -native of Connecticut, aged 67 years.
(CFriende and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
McAvoy & Co., 1239 Market street, between
Kighth and Ninth. Interment private.
DE STEIN— In this city, October 13, 1903,
Louis V. de Stein, beloved husband of Char-
lotta de Stein, a native of St. Louis, Mo.,
aped 44 years 2 months and 9 days.
lE^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday); at 2:30 o'clock, from < the Mis-,
Eion Masonic Temple, 2668 Mission street,
between Twenty-second and Twenty-third,
under the' auspices of Mission Lodge No. 160,
V. and A. M. Interment Mount Olivet Ceme.
tery- Remains at the funeral parlors of
Bunker & Lunt, 2666 Mission. street.
DOLAN — In Oakland, October 14. 1903, Jam's
A., beloved eon of Annie and John Dolan, a
native of Oakland, Cal., aged 9 years and
& months. 4
(E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, at the resi-
dence of the parents, 412 Fifth street, thence
to connect with the 1O-«* clock creek boat for
San Francisco. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery. -
GROSS— In this. city. October 13, 1903, Fred
O., beloved husband of Adele Gross, and
brother of Rudolph Geonsulowsky, a native
of Germany, aged 41 years 7 months and 21
dayt>. A member of Mission Lodge No.' 10,
O. d. H. S.. and .Verein Elntracht. .
(n7*Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Friday,
October 16, at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. V. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment pri-
vate. Please omit flowers.
HAWORTH— In this city, October 15. 1903* at
the residence of his daughter, 234 Carl
street, James Haworth, father of ; Mr*.
Jamesina Wells of San Francisco, and.
brother of Mrs. F. A. Pauly of Los Angeles,
a native of England, aged 78 years 8 months
and 6 days. A member of the Society of
California Pioneers. (Maryeville and Ne-
vada City papers please copy.) ?
E7"The funeral will take place from Pio-
neer Hall on Sunday, October 18, at 1:30,
o'clock. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery,
by electric funeral car. Remains at the
parlors of the California Undertaking Com-
pany, 405 Powell street.
HILDEBRAND— In this city. October 18, 1900/
Anna B. Hildebrand, dearly beloved daugh-
ter of Alex and Emilie Hildebrand, and sif-
ter of Ernst Hildebrand. a native of Call--
fornia. . .--..-.
Ity Friends are reroeetf ully Invited to ¦ at-
tend the funeral to-day (Fxiday), at -.1
o'clock, from the residence of the parents,
3«47 Twentieth atreet. Interment private,
• Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by carriages. -
HURSON — A solemn requiem month's mind
mass will be celebrated at St. Joseph's
Church to-morrowV (Saturday), commencing
at 9 o'clock, for the repose of the «oul of
the late Ellen Hurson. Friends and ac-
quaintances are respectfully, invited to at-
tend.
JUNG— In this city, October 14, 1903, Kather-
ine, beloved wife of N. Jung, mother of Mrs.
Marie Kocour, -and grandmother of Natalie
Kocour, a native of County Cavan. Ireland,
aged 62 years 10 months and 17 days.
IC7Frien(ls and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1407 Sbotwell Street, corner Bernal
avenue, thence to St. Peter's Church, where
a solemn requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
MAHAN — In this city, October 15, 1003, Annie,
dearly beloved daughter of Mrs. B. Snelling
and Charles E. Mahan, and sister of Lulu,
, Florence, Madaline, John and Willie Mahan
and Walter Snelling, a native of Oakland,
Cal., aged 15 years 11 months and 23 days.
MAHONEY— In this city, October 15, 1903,
Daniel G., beloved son of Daniel Mahoney,
and brother of Mary Mahoney, a native of
San Francisco, aged 29 years 4 months and S
days. . • .
KXRemalns at the parlors of the Henry J.
Gallagher Undertaking Company, 20 Fifth
street.
MEDAU— In this city, October 14, 1903, Infant
son of Emil and Ma^ Medau, a native of San
Francisco, agexi 0 days.
MILLS — In this city,^ October 14, 1903, Lizzie
Milla, beloved wife of Thomas Mills, mother
of Veira and Thomas Mills, and daughter of
Mr. and Mrs. Bernard Connama, a native of
Connecticut, aged 22 years 4 months and 20
days.
(CyFriends'and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Saturday,
October 17. 1903. at 8:30 o'clock, from her
late residence. 3117 Broderlck street, thence
to St. Vincent de Paul's. Church, corner of
Hteiner and Green streets, -where a requiem
mass wlfl be" celebrated for the repose of her
fouI, commencine at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery, by carriage. ¦ •
MOTHER MARY AUGUSTINE— In this city,
October 14, 1903, Mother Mary Augustine,'
provincial superior of the Sisters of the Holy
Names of Jesus and Mary, aged .11 years 1
month and 6 days. ¦ •¦ -. - - <¦
(E7"The funeral will take place ; to-morrow
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, at the Convent cf
Our Lady of the Sacred Heart, where a sol-
emn requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the reoose of her soul. Interment St. 1
Mary's Cemetery, Oakland. . : * • «
PORTER— In this city. October 14. 1903,. Marie
. Helene, beloved wife of B. R. Porter, a na-
tive of N«w Orleans, La., aged 40 ; years. ' '
REED— In Berkeley, October 14, 1903, Mary,
beloved wife of tbe late James Reed, and ;
mother of Mrs. Mary Taylor, a native of
County Limerick, Ireland, aged 68 years. .
tn7Friends and ' acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
. (Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her daughter, Mrs. Mary Taylor, 1727
Addison stre< t. thence to St. Joseph's Church,
where a requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for. the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at ; — o'clock. Interment St. Marys
Cemetery, - Oakland.
BARTOR— In this city, October 14. / 1003], Jo-
seph Sartor, a native of Prato, Canton- de
Ticino, Switzerland, aged -70 years and 9
. months. ..¦'¦¦"•
JCTFuneral to-day (Friday), at 2:30 o'clock,'
i v from . the mortuary chapel of Julius S. I Go-
deau, 305 Montgomery avenue. Interment
. private.;
BCHAD— In this city, October 14. 1903, -The- .
rese Bchad, wife of the late William J.
Schad, a native of • Hlldeshelm, Hanover,'
Germany, aged 72 years. > - *~ . .,,
£7"Fu#eral from ' her late residence, 615
Washington street, to-day (Friday), at 1
o'clock. Services at the chapel of Odd Fel-
lows' Cemetery at 2:30 o'clock.
SPAULDING — In New Britain, Conn., October
S, 1903. ' Nathan W... beloved husband of
Mary T. Spaulding, . and loving ' father of
Mrs. F, 6. . Ingalls of Phoenix, Ariz. vTy..
Mrs. E. D. Kneaas of.ValleJo, Cal.. Mrs. N.
. A. Lundstrom of Oakland, Mrs." F. D. Hardle
I of.Belmont, Cal., and N. Walter and E.-WV
Spaulding, a native of North Anson, M«.,
aged 74 years and • 14 days. . ,. ' . :
(T7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully .invited . to attend , the ¦ funeral services .
Sunday afternoon.' October 18. ,, 1903, : at 2
o'clock, at, the : Masonic -Temple,'-, corner
Twelfth and • Washington . street*. Oakland,
under : the auspices ' of Oakland : Lodge ; No.
H ENR Va»; CALL ACH E R : CO;
(Successors to " Flstnnagan & Gallagher.) ' : ' : '~'
'¦ DANIEL P. DONOVAN.. Mgr.. ; -
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth st., opposite < Lincoln ¦School. . : <
¦ Telephone South W).Vj'iyj|SSMH
UNITED UNDERTAKERS; j
— Funeral • Directors and . Emb'almers.** "
Formerly in Metropolitan Temple, •:' V
- Now af 868 MISSION,". Tel.? 4 S/mth: 167.
t • Between Fourth • and Fifth, near , Fifth st. s -
.Finest Eouloments at Moderate Ttatna.
188. F. and A. M.,- Oakland Commandery No.
',-'11, K. T-, and Oakland Lodge of Perfection
¦ No. 2, A. and A. S. R. -J 1 Interment Mountain
¦ . View Cemetery. ; . ftemains . at • the parlors . of
Albert Brown, 672 Thirteenth street. '
TOMB— In this city, October, 15, 1903, Fran- ;
-ces, dearly beloved daughter of Frank and
¦: Sadie Tomb, ; and sister of George Tomb, a'
'native of Marysvllle, aged 15 year* 2 months
1 - and 4 days. . ' i ' ¦ ? ." . -
WYNNE— in this city. October 15, 1903, Rich-
ard Wynne, a native of Georgia, aged 78
years.' ' .'-. - .-, • ¦.'. • • .:., ¦¦: ' •¦ . ."l^Vi
(n?"RemaIns at the funeral parlors of Bun-
ker & Lunt. 2666 Mission street, between
Twenty-second and Twenty-third, Mission
Masonic Temple. . Notice of funeral here-"
• 'after. ' ; •¦-' ¦ .- ¦¦ -¦¦ *.-- - ¦ - /¦:•
• ADVERTISEMENTS.
liffic DrlLWalsh
•ra^^VV hai Ttalati dentftl praetie*
m w. 847 Geary St
I irect'.y opposite Sar»tog» Hall *
Reduced Rates for Thirty Days
Painless, Extraction ... . . 25c
Fillings . 'j. ... < .. ¦': ¦•'.. v.. 50c
Crown* .. . . . y $2.00 to $5.00
Plate; Work ... $5.00 to $25.00
LOOK /OR THIS AD. BACH OTHIB DAT. ,
The Call's Cook Book prem-
ium offer. will close on October
30, 1003, and all readers of this
paper who desire a copy of this
household treasure should not
fail to place their order im-
mediately. .
This splendid premium will
be offered to Call subscribers at
the exceptionally low rate of
fifty cents per copy. Out of
town orders twenty cents ad-
ditional to cover prepayment of
transportation charges.
COOK 'BOOK OFFER TO
CLOSE OCTOBER 30.PROMINENT . IN . THE SOXTTH.
Murdered Girl Highly Connected in
; : . City -of Her 'Nativity. : :
;'. LOS; -'ANGELES, Oct 15.-Miss Jose
phine' Meade, • who was killed • by Paul L.
Schmfdt^ in San j Francisco ' to-day, , was
born in -this '. city nearly twenty-three
years ago. ¦ All of . her life has been spent
here,' and she '¦ was ¦ a :' favorite in - school
and in social circles," ; graduating with
high " honors from' the Los Angeles High
School '.with- the class of' '96. ; ¦ ' *.-";
1 She ; taught ' in ¦. the Twentieth-street
School'- for some time. • Her mother^ Mrs.
Ellen ; Meade,,; lives, on Compton /avenue,
in '.thie.' southwestern part of the city, just
south' of ; Twentieth street, " and 6wns:a
valuable j place '* of : ; forty acres, .worth at
leasts $65,000.. ; Besides, the Meades own
other -tracts, here and are quite wealthy.
There Is, no, belief, -, among : her j " friends
that { she : ever -the ardent "at
tentions *bf,' the < selfish brute who < shot
herj in SSn- Francisco. - : - % - *.-•:
i'HIs'flrst'attempt upon her Hie was made
more^than * a\ year • ago. : Very""Rev. . H.
Hartnett,*. VI car General * of •¦ the - Catholic
diocese of.; Los v Angeles, . is - an - uncle" of
Miss r Me'ade,; and * was startled • one- morn
lng L in the. fallo51902'to"see Schmidt and
Miss "Meade; suddenly, appear * before" him
In ', his "study I in C the. parish-; house of .St
Vibiana's;, Cathedral*. •-¦'. Schmidt 4 ?? averred
thauthey;.wanted*to 'get 'married. Sus
pecting that. alliwas'not. right.' the priest
told } them 1 they must .wait until ¦ after the
following.' Sabbath, 3 when -the bans would
be : published. :. ; Questioning; them, he then
foundithat the girl had been forced there
at ¦ pistol's point . upon. peril . of : her life
-: Realizing 'that I his niece's life was In
peril, \ Father v Hartnett . had i her 'sent to
Boston, where she entered, upon a course
of study. '*-»,"'l*iM' '•¦',.*'-• ' ..
/iApecullar slip in letter, writing : .Vas the
real; cause '• of-- heri return/; to' California.
Sending I a message through, the -malls to
her. mother,; Miss j Meade , remarked J that
her } lip i,was ? swollen : .of '"courser: a\ sligh t
passing ailment, t But jher^ anxious 'fanjlly
readingTthls note read-'.'llp'i as "hip,", and.
believingj' that' theirf dear/bne* had" fallen
a'^'ictlm to^ some" grave chronic disease,
His sister is Mrs. Edward Zobelln, who
lives /at' 3755, New; Main street. She was
atl the races yesterday, when the newspa
per men told, her of the tragedy. She was
almost frantic and went Into . hysterics-.
Her: pitiful" cries could be heard all over
the'eourse. In the midst of it she. would
moan over and: over again,' "That • poor
girl;! I: am .'so sorry for her, too. That
poorjgirl.V : She knew very, little about the
private affairs of ; her, brother. He rarely
came . to the ; house. . They • had not '• »een
Schmidt .left Los Angeles on the Owl
Wednesday: night. , All that "day he had
been anxiously^ awaiting" for letters. . He
never - mentioned Josephine Meade at the
house, although he ' told about his pre
vious love affairs.
Miss Meade. was an instructor under the
principalshipof Mark Keppel, now Coun
ty Superintendent of Schools, and did ef
ficient work for several -" terms. Her final
resignation was only accepted last Mon
day v Her relatives are at a. loss to know
how Schmidt discovered her presence In
San • Francisco, : but ; believe that he - saw
the published. notice of her resignation In
the daily 2 papers '. and then from some
member of the 1 . Board of Education pro
cured ; her San ) Francisco address. The
funeral arrangements' have not yet been
completed, but the 'body will be brought
from ; the north as . soon as the formali
ties of. the law are complied with, and the
last: rites will doubtless be held In * St.
Vibiana's Cathedral, where. Miss Meade
had;been a consistent member for years.
Paul' Schmidt,'-. the 'murderer and sui
cide, was 26 years of age and was raised
on a small ranch at Vernon and Vermont
avenues, "< In the extreme southwestern
part; of < this city. His parents: and two
sisters still ? live on the ranch.
Her people -were almost prostrated when
the dreadful news came to^them. The
mother, raising her hands to^heaven and
mentioning the. name of her child's slayer,
gasped almost inaudibly, "May God have
mercy on 'his soul." This was her only
remark. Her sister, Catherine Meade, and
her brother, James Meade, were equally
overcome. • Among- the teachers with
whom she had worked' at the Twentieth
street "School profound sadness was felt,
for. she was a favorite here, as every
where. V . „" (
sent for her at once. Father Hartnett
interposed and insisted that it was not
safe for her to come farther south than
San Francisco. Accordingly she stopped
there, and. was preparing to take a spe
cial course in the State University.
left shoulder, one wenf through the cen
ter of her back and; the last and-imme
diately fatal bullet pierced her left cheek
and imbedded itself in her brain.'.
,:' Schmidt's body remained atithe, Morgue
all •' night. ¦ i The.'only_ wound ltshowed 1 , was
the? bullet ; hole % in ;the "center, 5 of the * fore
head. ,*- His victim's \ body "bore Jthe ; marks
of-four bullets." Two struck? her/in the
•; An examination' of -Schmidt's body "at
the Morgue gave strong evidences that; he
was ¦" afflicted'; with 'an ' incurable '* disease;
which -seemed to be further Jborne^out bjr
the ! character of >the medicine^ and pre
scriptions ¦ found' In - his * trunk. "i- According
tohis brother-he was 25>years of age'and
the t son /of ;! Leon i Schmidt, ;. who *- is ¦' em
ployed ; at I tttey Llewellyn. IronVWorks* in
Los j Angeles, and '.'resides'' at> Florence "and
Vermont; avenues. W Paul : Schmidt* did* not
live 1 - but ro6medfat^224^ rSouth
Main 'street.- v-?'j ";¦ ..'"-¦¦;¦ ' i '¦;, i ,-''¦ ,'>;¦¦"¦ : \
<?"• W.v 'A.;** Fouchet,- .' superintendent \t of
schools of 'Los 'Angeles,- who ; was ' inf the
city, yesterday, said j that Miss ''Meade had
taught • for7 a* year I in his [department! and
then | wa3 1 granted | leave . of absence.* He"
understood that^ she- was going ."East -to"
take J a "¦- more extended ' coui»e. V . When she
returned \ to Los j Angeles ' during .! the | sum
mer; he heard \ that she;did.not)interidire
sumlng her- position ? and ~ only } the » other
day ' he forwarded . to^ her her, resignation
to her -address ', In ;vthis~- city.;. -He^had
heard "of some love affair [which; had given
her} annoyance, but did ' not I know,/ any * of
the particulars; • : ¦.;- "7, ;
The brother of ; the murderer bears , much
resemblance to him and ; exhibited : the ut
most callousness. regarding the affair.-; He
said that he did not, want his ' name men
tioned -because j;.it might * interfere with
his ? holding 'r his position. ;¦{ Otherwise he
did> not- seem :to : attach much importance
to - the ; occasion - and expressed not -the
slightest sorrow, or -regret. .;He explained
his indifference. naively. ¦ , •- ;
; ; "Perhaps u{would feel „ bad over this' if
I' knew- my „. brother better," he said;-*;but
£; have seen' him'only/once, or;, twice'with
in | the last ! few • years and ' we '.were ; almost
strangers." '-.'¦ *T-' V V'.\ '"'• ' ¦'. :> ' '¦-:';¦-'":.'"¦ '*¦;/'.
¦ : -" In. the grip was found - a . letter ad
dressed "Dear Katy," / which .the brother
sald^was intended for. Miss Kate Hannon.
a cousin of the murdered girl. The let
ter was written on Jhe J Owl train . and
covered only ; a', page. -It merely, spoke of
the journey; .'.without any, 1 reference I to its
object and contained .- not the -.. slightest
hint of ; the' tragedy that was so, soon to
follow. ', Detectives .Freel : and a Bunner
searched the' valise, bup found, nothing
in Jt to account"; for the killing. v ;
¦ BROTHER IS CALLOUS.
SCENE OF THE GHASTLY DOUBLE TRAGEDY ON A PROMINENT CORNER OF THE RESIDENCE DIS
, TRICT OF. THE CITY, PHOTOGRAPHS OF' MURDERED GIRL AND CRAZED. SUITOR, PICTURE FOUND
ON BODY OF MAN WHO COMMITTED THE CRIME. , -
When % the - brother . returned from work
he found the valise and .was. informed of
the presence of his brother In * the v city/
He went '_ to i, the ; grocery v at • the
ner and J saw; there an evening! paper men-"
uoning ; Miss *" Meade's .*: name. * He ', knew
that his had .been an -admirer of
hers : and ¦,on*readlng .;. the'- account sur
mised that' Paul .was the murderer.. f ¦¦
The trunk contained all, his, wearing apV
parel, considerable medicine, prescript
tions and the tools, of a; machinist,, but
not a 'thing to indicate ± that r, he had
contemplated the horrible tragedy." \ . ,
- About 9 o'clock last , night, Charles • X.
Schmidt,- a brother of;the/murderer,"ac
companied by a male companion' arid ;two
young women, went' to police '.headquar
ters' The brother said 'that? he 'resided
at 1933 Geary street rand was \ an'-elec
triclan by trade. He : said that ; on arriv
ing home lasV evening he ; had ' been • in
formed by' Miss; Pearl Doty, one ? of :; the
roomers In the house, : that ; his . : brother
had called there about 10 o'clock and had
left '¦ a telescope grip. \ The murderer : told
Miss Doty. that he wanted to ; surprise his
brother , and asked - her . not ] to\ tell 1 him
that he was In town. He appeared to be
In a jovial mood , at" that' time; He; asked
Miss ; Doty '. to ;, keep : his brother " at 3 home
last night, as he would call in the ( even-
Ing.. 'I'.ffifrJcBTiilti^jffWB'TO
PHOTOQBAPHS IM" THTTNK.
* On Schmidt's person was found a check
for a sleeper on the Owl train dated-Octo
ber 14, showing that Schmidt hadarrlved
in the city only yesterday • morning.' He
had a gold-fllled watch and a = few dollars
in money, but no papers to indicate. his
Identity. -- His trunk was brought to the
Coroner's office last night. In it - : were a
number of letters from a 'woman .'who
signed the name "Etta Gardner." Their
general tone indicated an 'attachment -on
the part of the writer toward, the recip
ient, but the last one, dated in -February;
spoke of breaking off ¦ ttte ¦ intimacy.' This
was dated at Riverside, Cal.', and as Miss
Meade was In Boston at that time they
could l not have been • written, by .< her.
There were photographs ; of several other
women in : his . 4 trunk, . without : names,
which were taken by a Los 'Angeles pho
tographer. , The only thing to; Indicate his
connection with Miss Meade was one ! of
her cards. ''•'$&&£i ¦¦' V . '
considerable amount of money, a lady's
gold watch and a handsome rosary.
Among her effects there was nothing to
indicate that she had encouraged the at
tentions of her .murderer, and. from all
that could be learned she had discouraged
his advances for . several years. - , Father
-Hartnett, her nearest relative in the'clty,
took charge of the body and the effects.
The body was removed to an undertaking
establishment late, in the afternoon and
willl be prepared for shipment to the dis
tracted family in Los Angeles.
The only clew to the identity of 'the
murderer was a baggage check . calling
for a trunk delivered to the. Union Trans
fer' Company.. Detective! Harry Bralg
solved the mystery promptly by locating
the trunk, which bore the ' murderer's
name In f large letters.- : He- made a thor
ough search of its contents; but failed '.to
find anything that would throw any light
on the cause of the tragedy. He ¦ found
two . typewritten letters -from - BQSton;
signed "Your cousin, Leo." "The first .was
dated October 29 and among some unlm
pprtant matters said: "I found that
party lived at 31 Wlnthrop ' street,
Charlestown, Boston. Are 'living, with a
man named John Hartnett and his sister,
an old bachelor and -'an old maid. - 1 did
not have much time to find out any more,
as I had to get back to New York." The
other letter was dated: February 2 and
said among . other ¦ things, "That: young
woman is " still here that : I told , you
about." These prove that Schmidt had
kept close tra^ck.of Miss Meade's 'move
ment*. ..:¦'." ....
ttat> FEABS OF ; SCHMIDT.
On September 23 last she made.applica
tion to the Board of, Education for a'po
sitlon in the San Francisco Evening
School Department."* She stated* In her ap
plication that ' she had had one - year's
training . in the State Normal School ; at
Los Angeles and was a graduate, of the
Boston Normal. School. She also held a
grammar school certificate ; valid in Los
Angeles County, and had had three. years'
experience In teaching— two years in
schools of Los Angeles County ; and one
year in the. Los Angeles city, sch6ols. It
was her intention to attend lectures at
Berkeley, In the daytime and teach school
in the ' evening. ; -
She had frequently told her friends that
Schmidt, had; threatened her. life on occa
sions and she had a /ear of him. F Her
family did not share her fear,, but; consid
ered his attentions objectionable and
wished her to remain ; away from i him;
She was 23 years old * and of a lively and
lovable disposition, f
On: the body, of the girl were found a
The identity of the dead girl was first
established by Mrs. Robb, who lives at
1S1D Laguna street, where Miss Meade
had roomed ever since her arrival in this
city, about three weeks ago.' Mrs. Robb
thought that the girl had come ' from
Los Angeles, where her mother resided,
and at first intended entering the Uni
versity of California at Berkeley as a
student She paid one visit to the uni
versity and finding the charges greater
than she had expected had held her 3e
clsion in abeyance until she heard from
her uncle, from whom she expected as
sistance. Mrs. Robb said that the girl
had made a favorable impression on her
and her family. She had never had any
visitors, except on one occasion, when a
man called whom she understood to be
an attorney.
Under the body of the dead girl was
found a bundle of. letters from school
friends in Boston enclosed in an envelope
addressed to Rev. John Hartnett, assist
ant pastor of St. Joseph's Church. The
letters contained nothing of. importance',
but the address of Father Hartnett speed
ily solved the mystery of the dead per
sons' identities. Father'Hartnett was lotH
to talk of the tragedy, but he consented
to tell what he knew of the relations ex
isting, between Miss Meade and her
slayer. .
He said that the girl was a cousin of
his and that she was a niece, of Father.
Hartnett, who Is Vicar General of the dio
cese of - Los Angeles. She was one of
three children of Mrs. Helen Meade, ; her
father having been dead j several yeacs.
The girl was born and reared Ik Los An
geles and was a graduate of the Normal
School there. After her graduation from
the Normal she had - taught I schools of
Los Angeles for two years. : He had un
derstood that , Schmidt, whom she had
known for several years, i became so in
sistent in. his | attentions that her mother
concluded to send her East for ; further
schooling. She went to Boston and spent
two years there, attending • school and
making her home- with another cousin,
John Hartnett, and ; his sister at ' 31 Win
throp street. Charlestown. She came to
San Francisco from Boston , three weeks
ago, intending to obtain If possible a place
in the public schools here.\ . *
peered at the corpses, "struggling among
themselves with frightful insistence to
maintain their proximity to the horrible
sight. Three policemen from neighboring
beats guarded the remaina from molesta
tion until the ¦ arrival of the morgue
wagon. Deputy Coroner Fennells had the
bodies placed in the morgue 'wagon* im
mediately upon his arrival, and the prop
erty owners washed away the evidences
of the ghastly occurrence in front of
their premises.
IDENTITIES TJEAI> WOMAN.
For more than an hour the bodies- lay
en the street where they fell. A morbidly
curious crowd gathered, composed largely
of women and children, and peeked and
SHOOTS GIRL FOUR TIMES.
Edward Green, a deputy employed in
Sheriff Lackmann's office, was an eye"
¦witness of the shooting. Green was on
his way home to lunch and alighted from
a Sutter-strect car at Laguna street with
the Intention of proceeding to his home
Just as he got off the car he heard a
pistol shot, and looking up toward Bush
street he saw the murderer deliberately
shoot four times at his victim.. The wom
an kept- moving toward her assailant
while he was shooting and finally fell for
ward almost Into his arms.
Miss McGarry. who lives on Bush street
between Buchanan and Laguna. etood od-
H?f%h murdere 1 T when 'he took his own
J *?*? Was on her way b °me to lunch
and had reached the middle of the block
between Sutler and Bush on Laguna
street when she heard, the quIck^reDort
of four shots. She paused and saw
Schmidt walking toward her. emptying
his revolver of. the exploded cartridge!
and replacing them with loaded onesShe
stood «t. the outer edge of the siotwaYk
and he stopped oppose her. leanlnir
against an iron fence. K
' C. Stcinfels. who conducts a butcher
shop at Bush and Laguna streets, in front
of whose place Miss Meade met her death
told the story of the murder and suicide
as he saw it, corroborating, the details
tfven above. Steinfels says he noticed
Schmidt at various times during the fore
noon waiting around the corner, but Dald
little attention to him. He was sitting in
his shop .when Miss Meade passed the
corner and a few minutes afterward
hoard a shot.
"The murderer walked slowly down
Laguna street, emptying his revolver as
he went. Nobody followed him. After go
ing about 100 feet he backed up against an
Iron fence, still holding the revolver in
his hand, which he had reloaded during
his walk. He held the revolver up in the
air and fired one shot. Then he looked up
and down the street and, placing the re
volver to his forehead, fired again. He
sank In his tracks and apparently never
moved again. After he fell a crowd of
men came running up and shut the hor
rible Eight from my view." -
MUBDEEEB ENDS tttr LIFE.
"I was dumb with terror, and in my
mind I kept wishing that some one would
aid the girl, as I felt a premonition that
she was doomed. A fireman was standing
on the corner, and' she approached and
ppoke to him. As she did so I saw the
man who followed her draw a revolver
from his coat pocket place It to her back
and fire. I can see her agonized face now
as she turned half-way round and faced
her murderer. He continued to shoot un
til she sank to the sidewalk. I was ab
solutely numb with the ghastllness of It
ell, and even against my will I stood and
¦watched the last scene of the tragedy.
"The girl seemed surprised at seeing the
young man, and apparently extended a
cool greeting to him. He at once began
conversation, and although I could not
hear what he said from his gestures I
judged he was talking vehemently. He
repeatedly stamped his foot and shook his
fist. When he first spoke to her he wore
colored glasses, but he removed these dur.
Ing the interview. He kept running his
right hand Into his coat pocket, and it
crossed my mind that he had a revolver
there. The girl repeatedly shook her head
and finally walked away from him toward
the corner. He followed her, stllL'protest
ing, as I judged from his actions.
"I was sitting in my window when I
saw the dead girl pass down Laguna
street. Shortly after she passed the corner
of Bush street she was accosted by a well
dressed man. whom I had noticed loiter
ing in the vicinity for several hours. It
was 12:15 o'clock, as nearly as I can place
the time, when I noticed the man and the
young woman engage in conversation.
They were standing at the stairway that
leads up to the rooms over the butcher
shop, about thirty feet from Bush street,
on Laguna.
One of the women living in the neigh
borhood who saw the occurrence from the
time that the murderer accosted his vic
tim r.'ive the most complete account of
the crime. She said:
"I wasn't going up against a man with
5 gun," he explained- "He walked away
Jowly and I kept my eye on him. If
he had started to run I would have taken
after him."
FIREMAN'S CAUTION.
I* BITH a. brain aflame with unre-
I I cuiied passion, diseased in body
| B and In mind, actuated by flendish-
II ness beyond the ken of normal man
H or woman, Paul L. Schmidt shot
H and killed Josephine Meade shortly
after noon yesterday. The tragedy oc
curred at the corner of Laguna. and Bush
streets. Walking down Laguna street to
about tha center of the block, the- mur
derer coolly emptied his revolver of the
spent shells, reloaded it and, placing the
muzzle to his forehead, ended his own
life.
The double crime was witnessed by half
a dozen housewives living in the block
en Lsguna street where the deed was
committed. From the windows of their
houses they saw the beginning and end
of the tragedy. Frozen with horror they
watched the young woman sink to the
sidewalk dead with four bullets In her
body and then watched the desperate
murderer as he leaned against an Iron
fence and paid with his own hand the
forfeit of his crime.
Four men at least also witnessed the
chocking end of two young lives and one
of them, J. W. Hillebrandt, attached to
the Underwriters' patrol at 1915 Bush
Btreet, acted an inglorious part in the
tragedy. It was to him, big and brawny
end dressed in uniform, that the woman
appealed for ¦ assistance before she was
shot. According to his story, she ap
proached him at the corner of Busk and
Laguna streets, the murderer following j
closely at her heels. She held out her
hand, in which she held an envelope, and
said:
"1 beg your pardon, but this man "
Before she could utter the sentence in
full the slayer pulled a revolver from his
coat pocket and shot her in the back.
Hiilcbrandt made no effort to interfere,
according to his own statement, but ran
into the butcher shop on the corner and
vx-atched the remainder of the tragedy
from the safe seclusion of the building.
When asked If he had attempted to im
pede the murderer he answered no. He
did net even try to arrest him after the
commission of the foul deed, but watched
him walk slowly away.
Many Horrified Wit
nesses to the
Crime.
Tragedy Is Enacted
Shortly After
Noon.
The Murderer Pleads
With Doomed
Girl.
Her Appeals to a By
stander for Help
Are Unheeded!
him for months and they never had heard
of Josephine Meade.
Lately Schmidt had teen employed as
an extra plumber by the. Holbrook. Mer
rill & Stetson Companay. Little was
known of him at the place of his employ
ment except that he was a man of good
habits. He apparently was mora int«r-J
ested in social doings than in his work."^
This affair with unhappy Josephlna }
Meade was the last of three passionate- '
love affairs. He jilted another girl for
her. A year or more ago n© was madly
devoted to Effle Gardner, daughter of a
Spring-street bookseller. That affair is
understood to have languished on account
of the displeasure of Mrs. Gardner In the
two going to the tournament of roses in
Pasadena without consulting her. Ha
next . lavished his affections on Bessie
Brown, the daughter of a contractor in
this city. This is the girl he is said to
have jilted.
WEIX I.OVEI> IN" BOSTON".
Girl Victim of Tragedy Mourned by
Eastern Relatives.
BOSTON. Mass., Oct. 15.— The relatives
with whom Miss Josephine Meade lived
while in this city were greatly shocked
when the news of the young woman's
murder was brought to them, by the
correspondent of tha San Francisco Call.
"While In Boston Miss Meade lived with
the family of John Hartnett at 34 TVin
throp street. In the Charlestowr. district
and right under the shadow of the Bunker
Hill monument. Hartnett is a wealthy
liquor dealer and his wife is a cousin of
the murdered girl.
Miss Meade came to Boston from Los
Angeles fifteen months ago. "While here
she 'spent the greater part of her tim*
In study. She left for California on Sep- m
tember 7«last, according to the Hartnetts.^
They say she was studious, quiet and re-»
served. They heard from her often and
she never mentioned the name of any
admirer or lover. So far as they knew,
she did not figure in any love affair.
Last June Miss Meade graduated from
the Normal School, receiving a certificate
qualifying her to teach in any school in
Massachusetts. She intended to remala
in Boston and teach here, thinking that
greater opportunity was offered in tha
East. Her mother, however, insisted on
her returning to Los Angeles. Much
against her will the girl returned to Cal
ifornia. Mrs. Hartnett received a letter
from Miss Meade only two days ago and
at the time of writing the young woman
bad not visited her mother at Los Ange
les.
High-grade printing pays you and we do it.
MyseU-RoUlns. 22 Clay, the Hrst-claas printers.*
Musicians Form Corporation.
The Philharmonic Society of San Fran
cisco was incorporated yesterday. It Is
organized for the purpose of promoting
Interest In all things musical. The di
rectors are Robert Tolmie, Charles Mont
gomery, Ellas Hecht. Stella Eaton, Henry
Jacoby and Joel Hecht.
Wedding invitations, very roperior. printed
or engraved. Edw. S. Kcowles. 24 Second it.*
Fighters Post Forfeits.
OAKLAND, Oct. 15.— Al Welnig and Jo©
Millet have each posted $200 as a guaran
tee for their appearance In a flstlc bout
before the Reliance Club on October 27.
The fight will be at catchweights for fif
teen rounds.
BECAUSE SHE SPURNED HIS ATTENTIONS PRETTY JOSEPHINE MEADE IS BRUTALLY
SHOT DOWN BY PAUL L. SCHMIDT, AN INSISTENT SUITOR, WHO THEN KILLS HIMSELF
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALIi, FRIDAY^ OCTOBER 16. 1903.
14
ADVEBTISEMEirrS.
I Women's
Suits.
a Hi^h in Quality,
i Low \n Price.
¦ The stock In our cloak and suit
H department is ever changing— al-
!] jrays new - Many of the swell
j things you see here to-day are sure
3 to be gone to-morrow, but others
i equally charming at once slip in to
H take their places. I
¦ Here's a word of four very recent
H arrivals: +
I PAINNE CHEVIOT SUITS-Blue and
II other fashionable colors. Long
8 coat-made military effect and
u lined with satin. Latest model
ij fl.-ire skirt. EnUre suit handsome-
I 'y strapped and trimmed OOff
3 with silk and buttons xj)^D
| FINE CHEVIOT StITS-Silk lined
» long coat— blouse effect. Pleated
8 JZ « k J rt - Eff ectlvely trimmed
« with silk and braid OOff
¦ 5>ot>
3 IMPORTEDCHEVIOTSUITS-iBlack J
« and colors. Strictly man-tailored. ©•
U Forty-two-inch coat— taffeta lined.
¦ Graceful hanging flare OAC.
i . skirt. Beautifully stitched. \J> *4 D
I ENGLISH BROADCLOTH SUITS -
g Black and colors. Long blouse *
B with triple cape— taffeta lined.
u Habit-back skirt — handsomely
9 tucked. Trimmed with silk Offff
| braid and buttons -^DO
I f» /^^v-Vj Jf i/l I ¦ A if*T*«-
SeitkelVt Ointment accompll«h«« Mton.
remoy. all Blotches. Pimples, I-roptiona
and Sorea. -Cures Tetter. £ry«1pel»»8alt
w , \ F1! *». Barber'a Itch: relieves and
beala l-arns and Scaids. Makes the ak°»
aOIUSTOX, H0LIOW1T * COw, PfcIU4.lpkta.
-r— — -..;
fi% B I f\ B &\ Ammunition, - HosUrs ant
B "9 Bl«3 V E P° r "°S Ooodj. Lariut 4
Rb|] lU stock. Lowest prlcts. 6taJ ,JT
V W 1 II %9 EHREVE A DARBEK CO.,
riii Markat at. awt Hi