PRICE FIYE CENTS.
VOLUME XCIV— :N~O. 118.
DIPLOMATS OF POWERS IN
TERESTED IN ADJUSTMENT
. OF BALKAN TROUBLES.
Battles Fought
in Troubled
Regions.
THE HAGUE. Sept. 25.— The Ministry
for Foreign Affairs has apointed a com
mission to take preparatory steps for the
construction of the permanent arbitration
court meeting.
Permanent Arbitration Court.
MATTOON, 111., Sept. 25.— Mattoon's re
form Mayor, Francis M. Menke. was in
dicted to-day upon twenty-nine counts,
charging him with malfeasance and mis
feasance In office. At the same time the
Grand Jury returned nineteen true bills
against saloon keepers, gamblers and
keepers of houses of ill-repute. This ac
tion came, after a three weeks' session,
during which evidence was presented by
citizens who had become Incensed over
immoral conditions existing In the city.
Mayor Menke was arrested, -but lattr
released on bond.
Citizens of Illinois Town, Incensed
by Immorality, Bring Case Be
fore Grand Jury.
REFORM MAYOR INDICTED .V '
O1T TWENTY-NINE COUNTS
Wreckage Thought to Be That of
the Beatrice, Lost in the
Hurricane.
NORFOLK, Va., Sept. 25.— The Unitwl
States weather bureau to-night received
information from the Currituck life-sav
ing station that the stern of a steamer
bearing the name Beatrice— New York,
was pounding bottom up In the breakers
two and one-half miles south of Caffeya
Inlet life-savinc station.
The wreckage is thought to be from tha
fishing steamer Beatrice, which was
caught In the recent hurricane when
south of Delaware breakwater, Septem
ber 16. She carried a crew of thirty-flv©
men and was loaded with codfish. Sh«
was owned by the Atlantic Fisheries Com
pany of Cape Charles and was valued at
$23,000.
STEAMER IS REPORTED
FOUNDING IN BREAKERS
These principles, concludes Mr. Balfour.
direct the policy of the British Govern
ment in the near East and he has no
doubt that they are in accordance with
British Interests and In obedience to them
lies the best hope of improving the con
dition of the Macedonians and the secur
ity of European peace.
Coming to the question of the attitude
of Great Britain Mr. Balfour points out
that Russia, Austria and Turkey cannot
be indifferent to a territorial redistribu
tion in the peninsula, while Greece, Bul
garia. Servia and Roumania are all In
terested in the fate of the province whose
Christian population is made' up from all
their nationalities. These external com
plications are doubled by. internal ones
because of religious differences, the Mo
hommedans fearing Christian rule, while
the Exarchlsts and Christians persecute
the Patriarchists; the Greeks, wh<j are
Patriarchists, would sooner find protec
tion under the rule of tne Sultan than
be left to fight the matter with the Bul
garians, who are Exarchists.
These countries possess. Mr. Balfour as
serts, incomparable influence over the an
tagonistic forces in the peninsula. In
fact, no other nation or group of nations
could do it at all if Russia and Austria
were hostile. Great Britain was not pre
cluded by the policy outlined from offer
ing suggestions, which had already been
done, and she will continue to do so.
But it would be folly to forget that there
are occasions when two " powers are
stronger than three, and that an addi
tion to the number carries a diminution
of efficiency. :
"Neither of these conditions was ful
filled. The Porte, as usual, was dilatory
and failed to see that a policy of human
ity was a policy of wisdom. The revolu
tionists have deliberately done their best
to drive the Turk to excesses and furnish
him with an excuse for deferring the exe
cution of reforms, meeting horrors with
horrors and brutality with brutality for
the deliberate purpose of driving the Turk
to crimes against the Innocent and thus
play upon the sympathies of the world.
Such methods as these are no more mor
ally tolerable than the misgovernment
which is their excuse."
GREAT BRITAIN'S ATTITUDE.
MARION, Ky., Sept. 25.-Miss Agnes
Travis, a young woman of good family,
to-day cut the throat of Milton Carley
with a razor and then wounded herself
in like manner. They will die. Carley
had for five years paid court to Miss
Travis, but a week ago married another
girl, and this Is thought to have prompted
the deed.
more earnestly pressed by the Porte and
more frankly accepted by the Macedonian
population, have spared the world the hor
rors it has since witnessed
Fatally Wounds Man Who Married
Another Woman and Slashes
Herself With Razor.
GIRL CUTS THE THROAT
•OF FAITHLESS LOVER
VICTORIA. B. C. Sept. 25. -The sealing
schooner Casco. the first of the fleet to
arrive from Bering Sea. returned to-day
with 665 skins. She brought the first
news from the sealers. No seizures wera
made. The Casco picked up two boats
lost from a Japanese schooner, the Toyo
Maru, and one boat with three men was
lost from that vessel The Victoria fleet
of nineteen schooners made catches aver
aging from 300 to 400 skins to the begin
ning of September.
More Japanese vessels than ever en
tered Bering Sea this year. There wera
thirteen in all, and all were using fire
arms and going to within three leagues of
the rookeries, the Japanese not allowing
themselves to be governed by the modus
vivendl. The Japanese sailors stated that
the Russian cruisers were most vigilant
off the Asiatic coast and they were prac
tically driven into Bering Sea.
Not Being Governed by the
Modus Vivendi.
Reports That Japanese Sealers Are
SCHOONER CASCO RETURNS
FROM THE BERING SEA
The satchel containing the money is
missing. Two suspects are under arrest.
It has been learned that two men, sup
posed to be Poles, placed the dynamite in
the road for the purpose of killing Pay
master Ferguson, and had arranged to
explode it by means of an electric bat
tery.
the Ferguson Construction Company of
Plttsburg was instantly killed and his
secretary. Charles I* Martin of Cincin
nati, was fatally injured.
The two men were driving along the
road In a buggy carrying J3G0O in cash
with which to pay off some of their men
employed on construction work along the
Une of the Wabash Railroad, when sud
denly an explosion of dynamite la the
roadway literally tore the rig to pieces,
killed Ferguson outright and threw Mar
tin 200 feet, tearing his left arm almost
from the socket.
WASHINGTON, Pa.. Sept. 23.— A mur
der and robbery occurred this afternoon
on the Middletown road, about fifteen
miles from here. Samuel T. Ferguson of
Satchel With Big Sum of
Money Disappears After
Explosion.
ActinnS Secretary of State Adee is not
in Washington to-n!ght. No State De
partment officials seem to be aware of
the character of the trouble or the Iden
tity of the complainant.
Little can be learned here to-nfght re
garding the character of the trouble.
Complaint was made to the State Depart
ment by an American ship company that
the operations of one of its steamers had
been seriously interfered with by persona
on St. Andreas Island, which is on tha
Mosquito coast.
St. Andreas Island, Corn Island and
other small islands lying off the Nicara
gua coast, but under the Jurisdiction of
the Nicaraguan Government, have in the
past been rendezvousing points for filibus
tering expeditions and revolutionary
movements against Nicaragua. It is pos-.
pible that the trouble now experienced
may bo due to such influences.
WASHINGTON", Sept. 25.— Interference
with American shipping interests by a
lawless element on St. Andreas Island,
near Bluefields, Nicaragua, has caused,
the issuance of orders for the U. S. S.
Nashville.- now at Pensacola. to proceed
to that :>oint to protect the property in
terests of citizens of the United States.
The Nashville, which Is commanded by
Commander John llubbard, •will probably
sail from Pensaco!a to-morrow.
Special Disyatch to The Call.
Paymaster Killed and
His Secretary Fa
tally Hurt.
State Department Take3
Rapid Action on Appeal
for Protection.
Atrocious Grime on
an 2 Eastern
Highway.
Gunboat Nashville
Is Needed Near
Blueflelds.
Lawless Element In*
terferes With Our
Mariners.
MURDERERS
MAKE WEAPON
OF DYNAMITE
MAN OF WAR
WILL HURRY
TO NICARAGUA
RUSSIA DECLARES IN A NOTE TO THE BULGARIAN GOVERNMENT
THAT THE SULTAN IS THE DOMINANT POWER IN THE BALKANS
jyiEHWJi, Sept 25>—It is reported that a JRussian note which was handed to the Bulgarian
Government to-night has caused excitement in Sofia. The note recognizes Turkey as the premier
power in the Balkans and admits her right to suppress a rebellion in her own territory as she
thinks best
Continued on Page 2, Column 4.
VICTORIA, B. C. Sept. 25.— A large full
rigged sailing ship is reported dangerously
near shore at Village Island, in Barkeley
Sound, off the Vancouver Island coast, she
having drifted there during last night.
Her identity cannot be learned here.
Drifts Dangerously Near Shore.
made by Senor Lopez, the Salvadorean
Minister to the United States, to pay
Alfred H. Bucrell $5000 gold monthly dur
ing eight years a« compensation for the
Salvadorean Government's treatment of
the Trlunfo ComDany.
Congress Approves Agreement Made
by Lopez as to Compensation
for Triunf o Company.
LA LIBERTAD, San Salvador. Sept. 25.
Congress has approved the agreement
SAN SALVADOR TO PAY
BURRELL INDEMNITY
LONDON', Sept. 2C— The Paris corre
spondent of the Daily Mall asserts on lin
impeachable authority that Great Britain
and Spain have agreed to the establish
ment of a French protectorate over Mo
rocco. A strip of land along the coast
will be declared neutral in order to avoid
international complications over fortified
ports.
Control of Morocco Said to Have
Sanction of Great Britain and
Spain.
'/RENCH PROTECTORATE
T&j GIVEN APPROVAL
WASHINGTON, Sept. 25.— The State De
partment had no -fresh news from Minis
ter Leishman to-day. The American Min-
Official circles take a calmer view of
the Balkan situation, and advices from
Bulgaria point to a relaxation of the ten.
sion.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Sept. 23:— The
Porte has expressed a wish for the with
drawal of the American warships now off
Beirut, "so that the settlement of the
questions pending between the United
States and Turkey can be proceeded
with." It is thought here that the United
States will not consent to withdraw her
ships. Minister Leishman had a confer
ence with the Foreign Minister, Tewfik
Pasha, to-day.
Sultan Desires That Warships Be
Withdrawn From Beirut.
AMERICANS WORRY ABDUL.
vian, member of the Court of Jus
tice at'Uskub, and Kutso Yanu,
Roumanian.
The commission will sit tempo
rarily at Monastir. An irade has
been issued ordering the civil and
military authorities to obey the
commission's regulations.
Connors is as much a mystery to the
detectives and officers as ever. They arc
unable to get any clew whatever to his
identity.
The whereabouts of Connors' compan
ions in crime, who escaped the bullets of
Express Messenger Corner's gun-, is still
a mystery. The hunt for them continues
and is now being made in a systematic
manner.
PORTLAND, Or., Sept. 25.— Unless he
succeeds in starving himself to death or
commits suicide by some other method,
James Connors, the bandit, who was
shot and seriously ¦wounded while holding
up the O. R. and N. train two days ago,
will live to pay the penalty of his crime.
Since being taken into custody Connors
has refused to eat or drink and the only
nourishment he has had was forcibly
given to him this morning.
His Companions in Crime Success
fully Manage to Elude the Pur
suing Posses.
WOUNDED TRAIN ROBBER
REFUSES TO TAKE FOOD
BUFFALO. N. y., Sept. 25— Mrs. Jef
ferson Davis, widow of the President of
the Confederacy, is still in a critical con
dition at the Castle Inn in this city. Drs.
Charles Stockton, Roswell G. Park and
Allen Jones have been in continuous at
tendance upon the patient throughout the
day and night. At 11 o'clock Dr. Stock
ton said Mrs. Davis' condition was un
charged.
There were some signs of improvement
ai roon, but they did not continue and
toward eveninc Mrs. Davis' condition
again assumed a more serious aspect.
Dr. Stockton to-night gave the Asso
ciated Press the first official statement
regarding the nature of Mrs. Davis' ill
ness. He said:
"Mrs. Davis Is suffering from an ob
struction of the alimentary canal. Her
condition is serious, but not necessarily
fatal. No surgical operation is anticipat
ed at this time."
Castle Inn, where Mrs. Davis Is ill, was
formerly the horn© of Millard Fillmore,
President of the United States.
Widow of Confederacy's President
Is Sick at Millard Fillmore's
Former Home.
MRS. JEFFERSON DAVIS
IN CRITICAL CONDITION
"The instrument whereby the situation
may be dealt with is the concert of
Europe. But this, even were they all in
harmony, is necessarily slow and may
easily be ineffective if the problem is com
plex. It was a matter of congratulation
when Russia and Austria, acting with the
authority of Europe, proposed to press the
scheme of reforms, which, while lacking
in theoretical perfection, came within the
circuit of practical politics and would, if
"We have not to deal with a sample of
misgovernment or oppression by Turkish
officials, but •with a problem complicated
by the fact that the Christian population
of Macedonia is rent in fragments by dif
ferences of race aggravated by differences
of religion, and in addition to the ills in
flicted by a corrupt and incapable admin
istration and by an ill paid and undisci
plined soldiery and by a detestable sys
tem of taxation, we have to reckon with
all the ills which, In a population not im
bued with western ideas of humanity,
rival nationalities and sects do not scruple
to inflict on one another.
In these words Premier Balfour in a
lengthly letter to the Archbishop of Can
terbury, Dr. Davidson, sums up his solu
tion of the Macedonian situation. The
letter is in reply to the Archbishop's ac
tion In drawing attention to the growing
uneasiness among chyrchmen at the ap
parent apathy of the powers, "while
unspeakable atrocities are perpetrated in
Macedonia."
Mr. Balfour says he is in entire sym
pathy with the feelings of horror and In
dignation and fully understands the desire
to give expression in public meeting to the
sentiment of reprobation which recent
events justified. Mr. Balfour then pro
ceeds to analyze the situation. He says:
CAUSE OF THE TROUBLE.
but believe that the best hope
of dealing with it lies in the con
tinued co-operation of Russia and
Austria, strengthened with the sup
port and aided by the advice of
the other signatories of the Berlin
treaty."
JP ONDON, Sept. 25.— "It is with
n a problem such as this that
M M 4 one has to deal, and I cannot
Britain's Premier
Writes About
the Crisis.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Sept.
25. — -The corriposition of the
mixed tribunal to carry out the
programme of reforms in Mace
.donia was officially announced to
day.' Hilmi Pasha is president of
the commission, and the other
members are Khulussi Bey, presi
dent of the Municipal Council of
Salonica ; Rikola Roheff,
rian, and Nouemie Nikursh,
Greek, both members of the Court
of Justice at Monastir ; Niko. Ser-
JOFIA, Bulgaria, Sept. 25.
Simultaneously with the
issue of the irade appoint
ing the mixed Macedonian com
mission the report comes from
Constantinople that the Porte has
ordered the mobilization of two
additional divisions of Asiatic
troops. The belief prevails here
that the Sultan is acting solely in
view of the approaching meeting
between the Russian and Austrian
Emperors and with the hope of
convincing them that he is
anxious to maintain peace.
A dispatch from Rila says that
the insurgents, encouraged by
their recent successes, are aban
doning a strictly defensive atti
tude and are preparing to take the
offensive.
A large Turkish force sur
rounded an insurgent camp near
Prespo, and the insurgents had
forty men and eighty women and
children killed. The Turkish loss
was heavy.
In an engagement near Kesola
the Turks lost 100 killed and
wounded, while the insurgents
had fifteen killed and twenty-nine
wounded. ¦
A telegram from Varna an
nounces that 600 old men, women
and children, starving and nearly
naked, have arrived there from
Bargas, where they were unable
to find shelter.
Soldiers of Asia
Summoned by
Abdul.
The presence of any stranger creates
suspicion now and any person arriving at
night would probably be greeted with a
shower of bullets. There is said to be a
Standard Oil detective already stationed
at Bay Pond, but additional precautions
are deemed necessary, although Rockefel
ler employs a regiment of guides who
serve as guards for his preserves.
The feeling against Rockefeller was
strongly shown in the village of Brandon,
which is on his property about three and
a half miles north of Bay Pond. ' There
were more than 100 houses In Brandon
about four years ago, ill occupied, and
the community was prosperous. Now
there are about fifty houses and only
fourteen families remain. Some of the
buildings were removed and others were
burned to get them out of the way.
There could be nothing more desolate
than the village as it stands to-day, with
almost all of the houses closed and their
doors and windows barred.
All along the railroad are posted notices
signed by William G. .Rockefeller an
nouncing that the property ir- a private
park and that there must be no trespass
ing. These sign3 cover the approaches to
the village and are posted at the ends of
the streets.
MALONE, N. Y., Sept. 23.— There Is no
doubt that Orrando P. Dexter's murder,
combined with the hostile attitude of
woodsmen, has caused great excitement
at Bay Pond, where 'William Rockefeller
has established the headquarters of his
enormous tract of land in the Adiron
dacks. Rockefeller paid a visit to his
house on Monday and left very soon af
terward. His son, William G. Rockefeller,
has also gone, although some members
of the family and a few visitors are said
to have remained behind.
Large lights have been put up within
the last few days all around the clearing
made for Rockefeller's summer home.
The nearbv station of the New York and
Ottawa Railroad belongs to Rockefeller,
whose superintendent, John Redwood, has
offices on the upper floor. The lights are
so arranged that no person can enter the
clearing at night from the dense woods
that circle it without lieing seen by
guards who have been placed on duty
there. Redwood sent to his employer in
New York this morning a telegram say
ing in substance; "Send capable detec
tive here at once. Fellow has been seen
prowling in woods about here."
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Dexter's Murder and Hos
tility of Woodsmen
Cause Uneasiness.
NEW" YORK, Sept. £5.— Plans for the
formation of a building trades labor trust
affiliating In round numbers a million
•working-men, skilled in these trades, are
reported to have been worked out by
prominent officials of national labor or
ganizations. A conference for this pur
pose has already been held in Indianapo
lis, In vhich leading: officials of several
labor organizations were present in per
pon or by proxy. Among the organiza
tions taking part were the Brotherhood of
Painters, Journeymen Bricklayers and
Masons' International Union, Upited As
sociation of Plumbers. Gas Fitters. Steam
Fitters and Steam Fitters' Helpers, Hod
Carriers and Building- Laborers' Interna
tional Union. Union Brotherhood of Car
penters and International Organization of
Bridge and Structural Iron Workers.
Some of the organizations are attached
to the American Federation and others
are affiliated with the National Building
Trades Council, while still others are con
r.<-cted with neiether of these national
Ixxiies. On account of the various affili
ations of national building trades unions
conflict and confusion have arisen and
the conference was called primarily to
discuss the amalgamation of all build
ing trades union interests and the organi
zation of a national federation of build
ing trades. The delegates discussed many
propositions to combat the tendency of
employers' organizations to make war on
labor unions, to prevent the formation of
dual or rival bodies in the same trade;
to protect the anatomy of unions, and to
form a closer combination of organiza
tions engaged in constructing and repair
ing buildings.
"Most of the unions in the building
trades are affiliated with the American
Federation of Labor and a national fed
eration of unions is not necessary," said
General Organizer Herman Robinson, in
ppeaking of the plan. "No sooner nad
the heads of organizations come together
in a conference to plan a national feder
ation than they took up the question of
politics. Building trades unions do not
need a national federation, nor do they
need a national building council so long
as they are connected with the American
Federation of Labor, -which can take care
of all the unions under its protection with
out the aid of other central executive
bodies of national scope."
Special Difr-atch to The Call
Adopts Precautions in
Forest Tract in the
Adirondacks.
General Organizer Declares
Politics Enters Into
the Scheme.
Rockefeller Keeps
an Army of
Guards.
Amalgamation of All
Minor Bodies Is
Proposed.
Building Trades
Union Leaders
Confer.
OIL MAGNATE
FEARS BLOW
OF POWLER
PLAN TRUST
OF MILLION
WORKINGMEN
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 2«, 1903.
The San Francisco CallA Guaranteed Cure for Piles.
Itching. Blind. Bleeding or Protruding Piles.
Tour druggist will refund your money it PAZO
OINTMENT falls to o.ura you. 50 cent*. •
South End Club Incorporates.
The South End Rowing Club was in
corporated yesterday. Th>v directors of
the organization, which is incorporated to
enable it to erect a handsome clubhouse,
are J. E. Scully;, J. B. Feehan. A.. H.
Melletz, F. R. Deremer T. I. Fitzpat
rick, J. P. Foley, T. F. Barry. Ike Tuch
ler and W. H. Mead.
LONDON, Sept. 26.— John Redmond, the
Irish leader, in a letter to H. A. Law, Na
tionalist Member of Parliament for Done
gal, with reference to the atrocities in
Macedonia, says:
"It is surely a great reproach to Chris
tendom that these infamies are possible.
I wish it were in the power of Ireland to
make her voice heard on the side of jus
tice and liberty in the Balkans."
John Redmond Writas of the Atroci
ties in Macedonia.
REPROACH TO CHRISTENDOM.
For some time past Antone Bacigalupi
and Richard Miller have been bitter ene
mies and it was agreed that they should
settle their differences with bare lists last
evening. When the news was circulated
several local sports took the affair in hand
and invitations were sent by them to their
friends to witness the fistic encounter.
About eighty men congregated in an en
closure near Harbor View and bolted the
doors after them. They had witnessed
the first round, which was fought with
thorough viciousness, and-£he second had
commenced when the nolice came.
Sergeant Brophy. learned of the prepar
ations for the fight In the afternoon and
detailed Patrolmen Thomas 'O'Connell,
Sergeant William Brophy and a posse
of "officers interrupted a prearranged fist
fight near Harbor View last night. The
contestants had just entered on the sec
ond round when the police swarmed upon
them and twelve arrests were made.
About sixty spectators made their escape
from the scene of the battle.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SPRINGFIELD. Ohio, Sept. 25.— That
truth is stranger than fiction is again ex
emplified in the remarkable story of the
life of Robert Reid of this city, who for
fifty years has been mourned by relatives
here as dead. Reid left in 1S48 for
California to seek his rortune. Time
passed and his relatives heard noth
ing from him. After the lapse of many
years he was given up for dead.
Recently an advertisement asking for
the whereeabouts of Robert Reid was in
serted in a San Francisco paper. It
brought an answer. In a letter received
here from Reid the missing man tells
little about himself. From the history he
gives of his parents, brothers and sisters,
there can be no mistake as to his identity.
He writes that he has been known among
the Indians as "Shokum Bort," which
means strong man. Relatives expect him
here in a few days, when a reunion will
be held. Robert Reid's address is given
as Prairie City, Grant County, Oregon.
Gashes His Throat With a Razor.
FRESNO, Sept. 25.— Archibald Ross,
held to answer on a charge of felony, at
tempted suicide in the County Jail to
day by gashing his throat' with a razor.
He lacked the nerve to cut deep enough,
however, and was placed in solitary con
finement after his wounds were dressed.
LONDON, Sept. 25.— A new Turkish
cruiser, named Abdul Hamld, was
launched at Elswick-on-the-Tyne to-day.
She will carry twenty-two quick-firing
guns. Her length is 330 feet and her dis
placement of 3250 tons. Her speed is to be
22 knots. • :
Launched in England.
Cruiser • Named for the Sultan
NEW TURKISH WARSHIP.
Daniel J. Kevane sued out a writ of
mandate against State Bank Commis
sioners Barham. High, Silver and Dana
rooor and State Controller Colgan yester
day. The papers were put in the hands
of the Sheriff for service.
The writ is the outcome of Kevane'8
proceedings in the Sacramento court3 to
get back the office of Bank Commissioner,
from, which he was ousted by action of
the Legislature.
Thomas Byrne, I- rank Wratten. George
Brotvn. A. J. Rocker. Thomas Rowen and
Lewis Nye In citizen's clothes to accom
pany h'm to Harbor View. The officers
waited until the , fight had commenced
then demanded admittance and being re
fused battered down the door. In the
meantime most of the scectatora made
their escape, but the police succeeded in
arresting the two principals and ten spec
tators. With the two principals Frank
Cannon, V. W. Sloane. C. C. Ricket ts
Martin Johnson. O. B. Turnan. F. Galle'
A. L. Fuller, James Bacigalupi h' b'
Fairfax and James Griffin were taken Int^
custody. u
Bank Commissioners.
Papers Are Ordered Served on Con
troller Colgan and the Four State
DANIEL KEVANE SUES
OUT WRIT OF MANDATE
It will be necessary to blast the rock
in order to remove tons of debris which
has choked the sewer. The board will
have the work done by its employes, who
will be taken oft -work in otjjer parts ot
the city. The expense of the work, for
which the City Engineer is now preparing
plans, will be large and the United States
Government will be called upon to pay
for the damage.
As a result of the recent heavy] firing In
target practice at the Presidio the Board
of Public Works will be compelled to re
construct the outlet sewer at Bakers
Beach.' The concussion has caused the
solid rock through -which the sewer ran
to cave in for a distance of several hun
dred yards.
struct Drainage Outlet at
Bakers Beach.
Board of Public Works Will Recon-
HEAVY FIRING CAUSES
A SEWER TO. CAVE IN
POLICE STOP
A PRIZE FIGHT
Ohio Family Hears From
a Long- Missing 1
Member.
Government Believes That Demands
for Reforms Must Be Obeyed.
LONDON, Sept. 25.— It. was stuted at
the Foreign Office to-day that Sir Nicho
las O'Conor, the Eritish Embassador at
Constantinople, had been instructed to In
form the Porte that neither Turkey nor
Bulgaria must expect support from the
British Government in resisting openly or
secretly the execution of the reforms pro
posed for Macedonia as already promul
gated: that the reforms, in the opinion
of the British Government, were the min
imum of what was required; that the
steps taken to give effect to them, even
making allowance for the difficulties of
the situation, were lamentably "'¦ inade
quate, and that far more prompt and
more effective measures for this purpose
were required than had hitherto been
adopted by the Turkish authorities.
The Bulgarian Government received a
similar intimation.
BKITAIN GIVES WARNING.
ister has had several conferences with
Tcwfik Pasha, the Turkish Foreign Min
ister, concernins the settlement of the
Magelssen affair and the American claims
against the Sultan's Government. While
definite conclusions have not been report
ed, no hitch has occurred in the negotia
tions. On the ground that all is quiet at
Beirut it is not unlikely that the Porte is
pressing for the withdrawal of the Amer
ican ships, but no direct request of thta
nature has been preferred to the authori
ties here.
Continued From Page 1, Column 4.
WALLACE, Idaho, Sept. 25.— A car con
taining seventy Coeur d'Alene miners left
h^re to-day for Cripple Creek, Colo., to
take the places of the striking miners
there. Most of them are Missourians,
who were brought here during the labor
troubles of 1S99.
Miners Leave for Cripple Creek.
MOURN AS DEAD
LIVING RELATIVE
Charles Becker arrived at San Quen
tin In 1898. He has been a most exem
plary convict and has received all of his
credits, thus having to serve only aTbout
five years. He was convicted of fleecing
a San Francisco bank out of $20,000 by
means of a raised check.
Well, the papers have it that I am to re
ceive all the way from $300 a month to $5000
per year. Some people assert that I am Kolng
to Chicago to work in one of the large banks,
having been engaged to detect forged drafts.
That story is absolutely untrue. No such offer
has ever been made me. I could do the work
all rlRht. but don't you puppose the bankers
would be afraid of me? They would fear that
while I was pa&sinK on some of the bad paper
I mlRht conveniently overlook a large draft.
I am a pretty old man now and want my
freedom the balance of my days. Of course,
I still believe I could make the bankers "make
good" en the pension idea. A man can do a
lot of harm with a little acid. pulp. India Ink
and a penknife if he knows how and Is xo in
clined. My intention Is to quit the business,
though.
The report so freely circulated within
the past year that the American Bankers'
Association will take care of Becker and
allow him a monthly pension of $300 Is
still believed by many persons. The noted
forger is non-committal on that point,
however. Ho will not affirm or deny the
tetory that -overtures have made' to
him by the Bankers' Association.
Becker is about 65 years old. His so
journ in prison-has materially altered his
physique, but his brain is as active as it
was a quarter of a century ago. During
his imprisonment at San Quentin Becker,
has not been idle, neither has he tjeen
compelled to soil his hands. During War
den Aguirre's regime Becker used to de
vote his time to pen sketches and the
homes of the prison officials are filled
with specimens of his handiwork. Becker
was good to his friends and would ac
commodate them at most any time on
any kind of work. Nothing baffled him,
from a sketch from life to the alteration
of a document. Not more than a few
months aeo he altered a diploma for a
young woman who could notf enter col
lege because her name was misspelled on
a high school certificate. She wished to
enter the University of California, but on
the sheepskin the letter "y" appeared in
stead of "u." The certificate was intrust
ed to Becker and within fifteen minutes
he had corrected it.
In speaking of the alleged pension by
the bankers, Becker said:
San Quentin some time during the morn
ing, but where he will go when he jeaves
the prison is mere, conjecture. He is en
titled to a railroad ticket to any part of
California. AH he wishes, however, is
transportation to San Francisco.
SAN RAFAEL, Sept. 25.— After hav
ing been Incarcerated in the State
penitentiary at San Quentin for
seven prison years Charles II.
Becker, who is considered to be
one of the cleverest forgers in the world,
will, on Monday next, breathe the air of
freedom. Becker will be discharged from
NOTORIOUS FORGER AND CHECK RAISER WHO WILL BE RE
LEASED FROM SAN QUENTIN NEXT MONDAY AFTER HAVING
COMPLETED SENTENCE FOR FLEECING SAN FRANCISCO BANK.
KAST LAS VEGAS, N. M.. Sept. 25.—
John McCallum. general foreman of the
grading camp of B. Lantry & Sons, who
are building the Santa Fe cut-off, died
suddenly to-day from apoplexy. He was
one of the best known railroad construct
ors in the West. His home was at Strong
City, Kans.
Bailroad Constructor Dies.
BULGARIA
IS GIVEN
WARNING
For more than a week officers . have
been looking for Whalen. but he kept out
of sight and after his arrest it was
learned that friends had informed him
that officers were inquiring for him.
After he had been placed in jail he con
fessed the elopement and the desertion
of hl3 family. He took the matter coolly
and even intimated that there is no law
by which he can now be punished. As
to the death of the woman he says that
it was due entirely to natural causes and
that investigation will so disclose.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 25.— Rev. D. I
Whalen, until eight months ago pastor of
a Baptist church at Prattsburg, N. •• Y.,
occupies a cell to-night In the city jail.
He has confessed that tfrheri. he left
Prattsburg he eloped with Mrs. James H.
Clark, a member of his church, and' that
he deserted a wife and four children: He
will be held until the authorities of the
New York tov, ; n can be communicated
with and decide what action they will
take. It is possible that he may be ex- j
tradlted to New York and tried there on j
a felony charge. The woman who, gave j
up home, family and honor for him died
In this city August 27. She was ill only
twelve hours, and until now no suspicion
existed that her death was not due to
natural causes, but in the light of more
recent " developments the circumstances
attending her death will be as thoroughly
investigated as is possible after the lapse
of so many weeks.
Whalen appeared here about seven
months ago, accompanied by the woman,
who was only 20 years of age and very
handsome. He introduced her as his
wife. They were welcomed into thowork
and meetings of the Woman's Christian
Temperance Union and substantially as
sisted, for Whalen had no money. He
took up the work of the Volunteers of
America and became a prominent figure
at their meetings.
•Whalen has frequently preached here
and' to-night was to have led a religious
meeting, but his arrest made that im
possible. • Between his religious engage
ments he peddled a preparation for the
hair which he manufactured himself.'
The couple had rooms at the headquarters
of the Volunteers and Whalen's supposed
wife took active part In religious and
temperance work throughout the city.
During the latter part of August she ac
cidentally fell at her room and within
twelve hours she was dead. It was
Whalen who stated to the physicians that
she had fallen and injured herself. He
¦ caused the death certificate to be made
out in the name of Mrs. Whalen ¦ and it'
was so entered upon the Health Depart
ment records. Ten days later Whalen
wrote to members of his own family in
I New York informing them that the wo
! man had died of kidney disease. He
j gave no address to which they could send
a reply. They tried to find him through
the. church, people with whom they
thought he might be associated, but fall
! Ing they applied to the police.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Rev. D. Whalen, Former Pastor of a
Baptist Church in New York,
Becomes Involved, in Se
rious Trouble.
Woman Dies in Los Angeles
Under Rather Suspicious
Circumstances.
LONDON. SeDt. 25.— David T. Watson
of Plttsburg. of counsel for the American
ride, continued at to-day's session of the
Alaskan Boundary Commission his analy
xation of the treaty of 1S5. v
Alexander Begg, the unofficial repre
rentatlve of British Columbia, asked the
commission to-day to give an ansv.er to
1:1s application to be heard, which will be
denied. He roundly denounced the action
of Great Britain In running a line through
Portland Channel Instead of north, up
Clara Strait to the fifty-sixth degree, the
effect of which was to leave a large
stretch of territory indisputably in Amer
ican possession.
During the afternoon Mr. Watson dis
cussed the question of the existence of a
mountain chain along the coast, declaring
It was quite clear that the negotiators of
the treaty proceeded with the assumption
that there was a continuous dominant
range around all the elements. Mr. Wat
son said there was no such ranse.
"If such a range existed as depicted on
the maps," interjected A. B. Aylesworth
of Canadian counsel, "we would not be
here."
Proceeding. Mr. Watson claimed that
Great Britain argued that the treaty did
not settle the boundary line, but left it
to be ascertained.
Chief Justice Alverstone says he did not
understand the British argument. Ameri
can counsel considered Lord Alverstone' s
statement to Indicate that he disregards
what is considered to be the main feature
of the British contention. Lord Alver
stone made a few remarks Indicating that
he was impressed by Mr. Watson's
ep<?ech. finally remarlftng:
"Without wishing to flatter you, yours
is a powerful argument."
Alaskan Boundary Commis
sion Hears Analyzation
of a Treaty.
Deserts His Family and
Elopes With Member
of His Flock. :
Justice Alverstone Com
pliments an Ameri
can Lawyer.
PRISON CELL
IS OCCUPIED
BY MINISTER
ARGUMENT WINS
A HIGH TRIBUTE
THE SA1ST FBANCISCO CALL, SATUEDAY, SEPTEMBER 26. 1903.
C. H. Becker, Who Swindled a San Francisco Bank Out
of Twenty Thousand Dollars by Means of a Cleverly
Raised Check, Wijl Be Released From" Prison Monday
PRISON GATES TO OPEN
FOR NOTORIOUS FORGER
2
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Offer a new Fall line of
Suits afid Overcoats
for Boys and Children
jf^^F' WE have provided the largest and
ig«J I most remarkable collection of fasli-
ttp£ I ionable models in apparel for large »
1 boys and juveniles ever shown in San
ft Francisco. All the fabrics are of the
best quality and in the prettiest
weaves '^obtainable. The tailoring is the sort that
defies the strenuous wear of the playground and
school, and every garment is "smart" enough to
excite the admiration of the most exacting of paj-
OUR $5.00 VALUES
Sailor Suits in Royal, Navy, Brown, Red and Mixed
Serges and Cheviots, Embroidered Shields,
Silk ties, Soutache braided^ collars, trousers
lined throughout with Silesia ; 3 to 10 years.
•'Roos-made At $5.00
Russian Blouse Bloomer Suits in Royal, Red, Brown -
Serges, Embroidered Shields, trousers lined
with Silesia ; 2.y 2 to 6 years.*
"Roos-made" At $5.00
Boys' Double-breasted 2-piece and Norfolk Suits,
made of excellent quality Serges, Cheviots and
Mixed Tweeds in endless variety of patterns;
some of the trousers with reinforced seats and
knees; 6 to 15 years.
"Roos-made" At $5.00
Boys' 3-piece Vest Suits, made of excellent quality
Serges, Cheviots and Mixed Tweeds, in all new
and favorite patterns ; 10 to 16 years.
"Roos-made" At $5.00
Boys' Navy Blue Serge Reefer Overcoats, trimmed
Sailor collar, Embroidered chevron on sleeve;
also Boys' full-length Russian. Blouse Over-
coats in Navy Blue Serge and Oxford Mix-
tures ; 2y 2 to 7 years.
"Roos-made" At $5.00
Boys' Reefer Overcoats in Brown and Red Serges,
Velvet collars, Embroidered chevron on sleeve ;
special value ; 2^ to 7 years.
"Roos-made" At $R fin
***** VV«ww
OUR $10.00 VALUES
Boys' Single and Double breasted Suits, made of
Mixed Tweeds and Fancy (Cheviots; also in
Blues and Blacks; long trousers; 12 to 19 years.
"Roos-made" At $10.00
Boys' Overcoats in regular length and in long cut,
New Belted backs, in Fancy Plaids and Ox-
fords ; stylish and mannish ; 12 to 19 years.
"Roos-made" At $10.00
CL "Roos-made" means that the garments so designated were
made to our order by the best tailors in New York and Chicago
from fabrics specially selected for our house.
C Out-of-town orders *p r o m ptly filled. Send at once for new Style
Book "About Clothes" to Department B.
KEARNY AT POST
I ~ ' 1 FREE WITH |
llli II 0 1 M BYTHE NEXT i
S 'H ft I t Vrt" BELGIAN -.' g
I HHS I \A ARTIST - SUNDAY i
I fe 111 | till A - B0Ur>:RY - 1 j3 " — "^^ 3
| llli \J VI v/vl I _______ r\ i f |i
8 , "/\IN OLD SALT." ;
i oeoos9ea@©so©©S90ooc©fi©®eooo©o©eoo©s©e©cocGooce^oD03 . .. i
s o --¦ - . : ¦ • • & • . . i
g " " © © :
Q ® "An Old Salt," by the Belgian artist, A- Boudry, is not only an ex- 9
S © ample of vigorous and skillful brush work, but a fine bit of character O
8 ¦ / G study. The type portrayed is one of those o±d men of the sea, blufC and ©
P $ sturdy, hardened by rude labor, danger, and exposure to the elements. ® :
« @ They are apt to bo curt of speech and often so taciturn that the appel- 0 j
O. 9 , lation "a sad sea dog" is fittingly bestowed upon them. In most of them, • j
« ® however, there is generally concealed beneath their rough exterior a largo £* '.*':
w S heart and often a vein of humor, which only requires an occasion to be q
•xjj © brought out. © ¦:
tf © The effect of wear and exposure to variable weather upon the gar- ® . :
g f? ments of those who toil on the sea, or in the fields, is to destroy their ®
Q % color and bring various colors into a harmony of neutral tones which is 9
S O nearly always picturesque and agreeable to the eye. The broken and sub- ©
§ ® dued colors of this picture are well suited to its subject, and the artist has *| ]
8 2 cleverly compensated for their lack of brilliancy by a vigorous effect of q
S O light and dark and the rich. imparts of his painting. The last named o
<* ', ® quality is reproduced by the process employed in making The Call art sup- © :
jg ' © • - plements with a truthfulness unapproached by any other. One might
n *~* g readily imagifle at a first glance that the rough surface of the canvas had q
g 9 been reproduced by embossing. ' -1 ©
O- © A. Boudry is a native of Belgium and has his studio in Antwerp. He ©
S 2 has made a specialty of pictures which have for their subjects scenes and j?
S © types of people of the sea. His work is highly appreciated in his own
jtf . . © country, where he has received many honors, and his reputation and tha •
8 ® sale of his work in America are Steadily increasing/ •
i s ¦ - ' •
g FREE ART PICTURE WITH NEXT SUNDAY CALL, September 27
I TRAIN NEWS AGENTS AND ALL NEWSDEALERS SELL THE CALL
I Price 5 Cents. Price 5 Cents. Price 5 Cents.
1 THEY ARE FRAMING THE CALL ART SUPPLEMENTS I
I 1 ¦ - Th3 Following Art Dealers Are Makinj a Specialty of Framing Call Art Supplements: _ _^ _ !
g SACRAMENTO— Hevencr. Mier & street; Gages art store. 609 East SAN* DIEQO— W. P. Fuller & Co,
§ Co 615 J street; C. N. Davis, book Main street: Weber's art store. 425 71 F street.
« store, 817 K street. iX\>v; East Main street. __._,„ FRESNO— Sronce & Dick.
8 PETALUMA— H. S. Gutermute. J. MAR\ SV ILL E—G.W Hall. REDDING— W. H. Bcrgh. "Ber«S ;
S M. Wyckoff. OAKLAND— E. J. Saake. 13 Tele- Furniture Company"; T. J. Houston.
O SAN JOSE — George Denue. M. Len- graph avenue; A. A. Barlow. 369 Houston Furniture Company :
C» zen & Son. Twelfth street. REDWOOD CITT w L. Kline. :
O STOCKTON — Morris Bros.' book ALAMEDA — C. P. Magagnos. 135S SANTA CRUZ H. E * Irish CooR»
§ store. 20 North El Dorado street; Park street. Bros.. F. R. How. George Hoban.
§ Stockton Racket store. 711 East Main CHICO— Fetters & Williams. JACKSON— E. G. Freeman Co.
a - • #£ . . __ . . ¦* -5SUES FOR RACEHORSE.— B. W. Haskell
brought suit against the Southern Pacific Com
pany yesterday to recover $5010 damages for
the death of his horse Tepper,. which wm
killed at the Oakland wharf, some time ago.
During the entire day Leong Kai Chen
and his secretary were carefully guarded
by Detectives George Gibson and George
McMann, who were detailed -at the re
quest of the local reform society, whose
members feared that some agent of the
Chinese Government might attempt as
sassination. Chen, however,, scoffed at
the arrangements for his protection, ; re
marking that he had traveled through
many thickly settled portions ' of China
without fear of treachery and without
even being extended the courtesy of. a
"While thousands of Mongolians crowded
the narrow thoroughfares through which
the procession meandered, the onlookers
remained remarkably stolid as their -hero
passed in review. The parade finally ter
minated at th« headquarters of the re
form association on Stockton street, be
tween Jackson and Washington, where a
reception more in keeping with the dig
nity of Leong Kai Chen followed. There
was handclapping and handshaking. with
speeches of welcome, to which the re
former responded in a cheerful manner.
This function over, the members of tfie
association escorted their guest to the
Yung Fong teahouse, where a light repast
was provided, and then Leong Kai Chen
and his secretary repaired to their apart
ments at the Occidental to prepare for an
elaborate banauet in the evening at the
Jackson-street restaurant. The reform
er's first day in San Francisco was cer
tainly a strenuous one. He was -kept on
the move for nearly fourteen hours, a te
dious ordeal for any man, considering
that he had just finished a long overland
trip when the local receptions began.
GUARDED BT OFFICERS.
The advent of the reformer was attend
ed by a scene entirely new and strange
to Chinese customs .in that the band her
alded his coming by playing "Hail to the
Chief," end after the visitor and his es
cort had been comfortably seated in car
riages a procession was formed and the
march began up Market street to Mont
gomery and thence to the Occidental Ho
tel, where a stop was made long enough
to permit Leong Kai Chen and his secre
tary, Pow Chee, to enter the hostelry and
introduce themselves to the management,
under whose protection they will rest
during their stay of a fortnight in San
Francisco.
From there the procession continued on
its way to Chinatown, where a great
throng awaited the visitor and gave him
a greeting that plainly suggested to the
reformers that their fellow countrymen
are rapidly conforming to the Anglo-
Saxon methods of hospitality. The band
of fifteen pieces, which preceded the pro
cession through the principal streets of
Chinatown, contributed music almost con
tinuously, rendering popular and familiar
airs, such as "Hiawatha," "Anona" and a
few less dignified pieces that the Ameri
can parader enjoys. Only one thing nec
essary to make the reception fully up to
date was the noticeably lacking demon
strations of enthusiasm, which the Chi
nese seemingly at no time are ready to
outwardly show.
STRENUOUS DAY FOR CHEN.
Elaborate preparations had been made'
for his coming and a delegation from tfie
local society went over to the Sixteenth
street station to meet their distinguished
leader and escort him to this city, where
a band of music and 100 or more followers
awaited him at the ferry.
HAILED AS THEIR CHIEF.
LEONG KAI CHEX. vice president
of the Chinese Empire Reform So
ciety, for whose head there Is a
price of 150,000 yen, payable in gold
to any person who is willing to de
liver the same at the gates of the Poking
palace, is a guest of the local members
of his widely spreading association. With
a greeting that any American agitator
might well have been proud of. the noted
reformer was welcomed into the city yes
terday by his Mongolian followers and
during the afternoon and evening he was
accorded a series of ovations, the like of
which has never been witnessed in the
Chinese quarter.
Leong Kai Chen arrived on the early
morning train from Seattle, where he has
been devoting several Weeks among the
Chinese there expounding the principles
of his organization and exhorting them to
join in the movement which has as its ul
timate end the dethroning of the Dow
ager Empress of China, to be followed by
the restoration of the young Emperor and
a more liberal government, in which the
ordinary people of the empire may have
a say in the direction of political affairs.
Last of the Massachusetts.
CAMBRIDGE, Mass.. Sept. 25.—Cather
ine O. Hoaklns, one of the last survivors
of Massachusetts Indiana, la dead at the
age of 104 years.
"W e are working against Ignorance and su
perstition, which have wrought so much dis
aster to our people. It is possible that some
day in the near future that we may be
strong enough to force recognition from the
Bmpress Dowager and compel this tyrannical
old woman to make concessions of benefit to
China's unfortunate population. Our soclptv
is making great progress, which in itself is
a fact that plainly suggests that the move!
ment of, reform is popular. The ovation ac
corded me on my arrival here to-day |» but a
repetition of what has been witnessed in other
cities that I have had the good fortune to
visit. In the United States ouT people havS
greater advantages than those of their country
men at home. Here they have an example of
what they may expect when education -has
taken the place of Ignorance and superstition
They are learning exactly what is needed In
tholr own country and are eager that a change
In the empire shall take place. They have re
ceived the same lesson In Japan and In the
English portion of China. They need leaders
to provide means for their advancement and
they have found them in every courfirv to
which the Chinese have emigrated. //
Leong Kai Chen expects to remain in
San Francisco for at least a' fortnight,
during which, time he will hold frequent
meetings with the local reform asso
ciation and make such suggestions to Its
members as he may regard as for the
betterment of the organization.
FIGHTING SUPERSTITION.
body guard.
The history of Leong Kai Chen and his
work for the betterment of the conditions
of his country Is a remarkable one. Al- '
though only 30 years of age he has ac- j
compllshed more for the advancement of |
his countrymen than all his predecessors j
In their similar movements. His ambi- j
tlon to serve his fellow men is said to }
have developed within him when he was j
a mere boy. According to his own story
he was graduated from thfe Canton Col- j
lege at the age of 12 years with the degree I
of bachelor of arts. At the age of 19 he
was engaged to Instruct the children of I
the old Emperor at Peking and later, I
through his oratorical efforts he was
christened "The Boy Spirit."
EDUCATION HIS SLOGAN.
Finally he left the imperial family and
began to deliver lectures, and next started
a newspaper, known as The World, in
Peking, right under the no3e of the Era-
I-?ror. Education was his slogan and he
preached it everywhere and made it the
special topic of his paprr until the impe- !
rial family began to regard the former i
tutor as a menace to the dynasty. Later ',
.ir.other paper, the Progress, was started :
in Shanghai and the young reformer be- j
gan the work of organizing educational
societies throughout the -central parts of *
the empire. It was about this time that ¦!•
the Empress Dowager took the initiatory I
step toward suppressing Leone Kai Chen I
and the imperial physician, who was the
president of the educational society and
an ardent admirer of the young .editor.)
An edict was issued from the palace
against the further maintenance of the
societies and heads ¦were lopped off when
ever offenders against this ruling were \
discovered. Finally the president and
the vice president of the organization,
were forced to flee from the empire, the '
former going to Calcutta.
FLEES FKOM THE DOWAGER, j
In making his escape from Peking'
Leong Kai Chen was given protection by
the British Consul General and through
the influence of that official he was taken
aboard a Japanese man of war and car
ried to Yokohama, where he started an
other paper and with the assistance of
his followers in China he began to make
war upon the Dowager. It was then that
a price of 150,000 yen, or $75,000, was of
fered by the Dowager for Leong Kai
Chen's head, and a similar price is offered
for the head of the president of the so
ciety, who is still In the country scruth
of China, laboring among the Chinese
settlements. Some months ago Leong Kai
Chen left the Orient and for a time waa
in Honolulu, and from there he Jour
neyed to Seattle, where he remained long
enough to complete his plans for an ex
tended tour of the United States, through
which he expects to spread the gospel of
education among the Chinese . residents
and strengthen the organization of which
he is the leader.
TEARS NOT ASSASSIN.
Asked yesterday afternoon if he had
ever entertained a fear since he had left
China that some agent of the Chinese
Government might attempt to take his
life, Leong Kai Chen, who speaks Eng
lish fluently, replied, as a smile illumin
ed his clean shaven countenance:
"No, I am not afraid of any such mis
fortune. Even $75,000 will not induce one
of my countrymen to betray me. for I
know that they have too high regard for
me and the movement I am leading."
The .young reformer added that his pa
per in Yokohama had proved a valuable
means of educating the Chinese up to the
necessity of shaping the future career of
their Government. Secret efforts had
Heen made by the Peking Government
to suppress it, but the attempt had failed.
Continuing, he said;
Tfce Chinese Empire Reform Society haa set
out to accomplish much for China and the ef
forts of the organization are already bear
ing good results. Our greatest hope for the
m 8 ?J. va V 0 ,1 °i- the emplre lle " Mainly in
the death of the Empress Dowager within the
next few years. Anticipating this event our so
ciety Is laboring to educate the people of the
country B0 that they will, as an organiza
tion, be a powerful lever in the future politi
cal reconstruction of China. Z?
WASHINGTON. 8ept. 25.— The amount
of bonds so far received at the treasury
under the Secretary's offer of last
Wednesday for refunding is tKS.SOO. and
for redemption. JC05.350.
Bonds for Refunding.
I^ast Monday tbe Phoenix Lake power plant
closed and as a result the working force of
miners in this county was considerably re
duced. Not nearly so many mines are affected
this year by the closing of the plant as haa
been the. case in previous years. The mines
on the east belt continue In operation, while
the Jumper, Dutch and a few other mines on
the mother lode will keep things moving by
means of steam plants. The Sfaanrmut has
laid off 100 men and the Republican Is work
ing with & force of but ten men. The mills
of both mines are shut down. During the lull
it is the Intention of both companies to do
«xtenslv« repairing; to mills, altches, etc., and
do development work. The water s supply Is
said to be sufficient for battery purposes, and
those mines equipped with auxiliary steam
plants can easily continue operations through
the dry soeJJU . .
Tuesday there was telegraphed to the Tuo
lumne County Bank from New York $5000, to
be paid to the Doyle brothers. It was in part
payment of the Doyle gravel mine and was
sent by W. S. Estey. In sixty days there will
bo due another $5000, and the final payment of
£T5,G00 more will be made In four months.
Alexander Placart has deeded to John P.
Beckett an undivided one-sixth interest in and
to the Golden Thread quartz claim, situated
near Algerine. It was formerly the prop
erty of Andrew Sullivan.
II J Dykes lias executed to Paul Seller a
deed for 4:2.15 acres of land covering what is
known as the Ajax mine and mill site, together
with all improvements, machinery, water
lights, sto. The property has been In litiga
tion for several" months and this settlement will
allow the operation of the mine.
The Sonora Union Democrat says of
operations on the mother lode:
There is a rumor current in Calaveras
County that . the Utica mining properties
at Angels are to be sold. These include
the Utica, Stickle, Cross, Gold Cliff and
Madison mines, the Union Water Com
pany's system and the Angels electric
light works. The rumor grows out of am
inspection that has been progressing, in
which John McKenzie, William Dodge
and Edwin F. Blake have been taking
part. The properties are owned by
Charles D. Lane, Alvlnza Hay ward and
Walter Hobart.
One hundred men are working at the
copper mine at Campo Seco, Calaveras
County. The new working shaft is down
100 feet.
Of recent transactions relating to mines
in Tuolumne County, the Mother Lode
Banner says:
MINES ABE SOLD.
Information concerning a new drift
mining enterprise in Nevada County is
published by the Nevada County Miner,
¦which says in part:
Arrangements are being made to open up an
other drift gravel mine in this district, and It
Is thought that active operations will begin
before the winter storms set in. Former Su
perior Judge John Caldwell of this city and
J. T. McCall, an old-time mining superintend
ent In the district, but now In Central Amer
ica, are the owners of 250 acres of land which
Is bejievsd to contain the north branch of the
Harmony ridge channel. Judge Caldwell own
ing a three-quarter interest and Mr. McCall
the balance. The holdings Include the Walcott
location of fifty acres and the rl(?ht
to mine SO acres on the Krazier ranch
and VJO acres on the Cable ranch. The loca
tions adjoin and constitute an extension of the
Coldspring claim which haa at various times
.yielded considerable gold. All of the pieces
hava been prospected more or less and are
known to contain pay. In the early sixties
Mr. Walcott, -who was a ditch tender for the
South Yuba Water Company, ran a tunnel for
3OO feet and found the bedrock pitching away
from him. which led to an abandonment of that
enterprise. Mr. Walcott also sluiced out a
pit atxmt twenty-five feet deep and fifty feet
?¦quart. It is propost-d to continue a shaft
down from the bottom of this pit to ascer
tain the depth and pitch of the bedrock, then
go down the hill and Mart a crosscut tunnel
which -will reach the channel within 400 feet.
By such a tunnel the lead could be worked
to advantage, as there la a good site for the
dump and water could be easily taken In for
washing. The projectors are of the opinion
that It would not be -necessary to construct
a. stamp mill, as they believe the gravel would
within a reasonable time after exposure to the
air disintegrate KUfflciently for ordinary wash
ing. The section where the consolidated prop
erties ate situated has for years been famous
as a rich gravel mining section.
The Alta and Blngham Mines in Nevada
County are reported to have been bonded
by Charles Gresswell and A. G. Harvey
of $an Francisco. The mines are in the
Washington district and adjoin the prop
erties operated by the Tuba Development
Company's mines.
According to the Redding Searchlight
the Detroit and California Mining Com
pany will replace the dredger that was
destroyed on Clear Creek, near Horse
town, with a tone, to have a ca
pacity of 6000 cubic yards per day. The
old machine had just half that capacity.
The new plant will require 700 horse
power, which will be supplied by the
Northern California Power Company. The
date for resuming work is December 1.
The Siskiyou iiining and Development
Association of Etna is reported to have
struck several strata of coal at a depth
of 110 feet, which is hard and flinty. On
the basis of this discovery the managers
estimate that they will have lluo acres
of coal lands which* can be mined at low
cost.
NEW DRIFT ENTERPRISE.
The Menlo Gold Mining Company of
Grass Valley, Nevada County, is about
to be wound up. A petition has been filed
in court for permission to dissolve. This
course was decided upon at a meeting of
the stockholders. The capital stock is
$750,000, • of which $^00,000 Ik ptrid up.
The Bully Hill Mining and Smelting
Company has secured an option on the
Iowa, Idaho and Columbia quartz mines
in the Bully Hill district.
OMAHA. Sept. 25.— X. P. Plant of the
Union Pacific general freight department
has been appointed soliciting agent of the
Union Pacific at San Francisco, and will
leave for his new post soon. .He has been
fourteen years in the service of the com
pany.
New Union Pacific Agent.
VICE PRESIDENT OF CHINESE
. REFORM SOCIETY. WHO IS VIS
ITING IX THIS CITY.
SAM RAFAEL, Sept. 25.— A freight train
on the California Northwestern cajne very
near being wrecked on Wednesday night.
The matter was ke^t quiet by the rail
road officials, but several of Sheriff Tay
lor^s deputies were detailed on the case
and last night they were stationed -at
various points along the line botwecn Pet
aluma and Tiburon to guard against any
further attempt to destroy the company's
property.
It was ths through freight from Ukiah
that came near being ditched. The train
collided with a box car on the muiji track .
at a point near Ignado station, about lu
miles from San Kafaei. The car bad been
run off the puling so that it projected out
on the main track. Just below t.'ie switch
a low trestle was found to be smoldering
as if it had boon set on lire.
The through freight, with Engineer Ed
dy in th<» cab, was en route to Tiburon and
fortunately was running at a low rate of.
speed. The crew removed the obstruction
and quenched the burning timbers of the
trestle.
At the United Brotherhood of RaUroad
Engineers' headquarters at Tiburon the
leaders of the strikers were astonished
when they learned of the affair. Both J.
I'na and Charles Hackett were most ve
hement in the declaration that none of
their men had anything to do with the
attempting to wreck the train.
Sheriff Taylor will thoroughly Investi
gate the case.
Special D'.apatrb to The Call.
CAMP YOUNG. WEST POINT, Ky.,
Sept. 25.— With the commanding general
on the ground and all preliminaries dis
posed of, the regular troops from the
Department of the Lakes began arriving
to-day, while others were "leaving sta
tion" in different parts of the country
for the second series of instructive war
maneuvers, the second of their kind un
dertaken in time of peace since the Civil
War. the first having been held at Fort
Rlley, Kans., last year. About 14,000
troops, including militia from Indiana.
Illinois, Ohio, Michigan, Kentucky and
Wisconsin, will participate. The regular
troops taking part represent all arms of
the service except the heavy artillery.
The militia will be represented solely by
infantry and Hcht artillery.
Major General John C. Bates, command
ing the Department of the Lakes, has
issued a lengthy order for the guidance
of the umpires, officers and troops dur
ing the maneuvers.
The automobile as a factor in warfare
already has been given a trial by the
signal corps men. Their lumbering ve
hicle struck its colors, however, last night
to one of the Kentucky "knobs" surround
ing the camp and was shoved back to a
steamboat to be sent to Louisville for
repairs.
as if to draw Mis revolver, it is stated,
and declared he would shoot the first man
to Interfere. Soon after the doors had
been closed and the protest against the
seating of Brophy had been brought up,
a number of the Parks delegation made
the sensational declaration that the cre
dentials held by Brophy from Scranton
had been forged and that it ortglnally
bore the name of J. Reed, which had been
erased.
Instantly there was an uoroar and
heated words -were heard on all sides,
charpes and counter charges of fraud be
ing made on all sides. When the scene
became threatening and it eeemed impos
sible to get the convention out of Its tan
gle. President Buchanan summarily de
clared the convention adjourned without
hour.
KANSAS CITT, Sept. 25»-Samuel Parks,
walking delegate from New York City,
caused a split in the annual convention
of the International Association of Bridge
and Structural. Iron Workers here to-day
in a fight to unseat Daniel Brcphy, a del
egate from union No. 2 of that city, but
who held a prpxy from Scranton, Pa. The
charge was made by the Parks delegates
that Brophy's credentials had been forged,
and to prevent a free for all fight that
seemed eminent, President Buchanan ad
journed the convention without hour and
without waiting to put the question.
Later, v/hen President Buchanan, remain
ing away from the hall, refused to recon
vene the convention the Parks crowd or
ganized . a session, placing Second Vice
President Warden of New Haven In the
chair, and unseated Brophy.
President Buchanan declares that the
acts of the rump convention are uncon
stitutional and Brophy says that he will
Ignore the acts of the Parks crowd and
take his seat whenever President Bucha
nan acain assumes the chair.
After the delegates had voted to unseat
Brophy, the chair was requested to notify
President Buchanan of the proceedings
and to invite him to preside over the con
vention to-morrow. Vice President War
den then declared the session adjourned
until 10 o'clock to-morrow morning.
Delegate Brophy left the hall as soon
as the vote to unseat had been- taken.
"The action this afternoon," said he, "is
unconstitutional. I still claim my seat
and will re-enter the convention when
President Buchanan assumes the chair
again."
A. fight had been made on Brophy yes
terday by the Parks crowd and although
he was seated, President Buchanan ruled,
to prevent endless debate, that any one
who is willing to make a protest against
any of the delegates might do so in writ
ing. Such a protest against Bxophy, de
claring him to be a "scab." was presented
Just before adjournment last evening and
became the first business of the conven
tion to-day.
A threatening move was made at the
door of the hall as Brophy sought en
trance to the convention ta-day. He made
The mob then made an effort to escape,
but the Sheriff and his s^uri captured
three of them. One of them, it is s*i<J.
made a confession. Implicating thirteen
men. Small was under arrest «fi tt0
charge of assaulting Mrs. Eliza Eifg «
jton, and at the preliminary hear'ng •h*
warrant was amended so as to charge a
simple case of assault. Th« negn had
waived examination and was awiltl 1 K
the action of the Grand Jury.
The mob was composed of abort t twen
ty-five persons. Sheriff Davison was
alone at the time. He refused to give up
the keys and opened flre from a window.
The Sheriff then called for tho police.
Two officers and several citizens rushed
to the Jail, but despite their presence the
mob battered dow.n the wooden door .it
the foot of the stairs leading to the cor
ridor. The Sheriff and posse mau-i a de
termined resistance, but were unable to
prevent the mob from breaking in th«
Iron door at the 'head of the stairs anil
entering the cell occupied by the negro,
about whose neck they placed a rope.
As soon as the men emerged from the ceil
it became apparent that the negi\> couM
not be taken from the Jail and hanged for
fear of being fired on and he was shot to
death.
LTNCHBURO, Tenn., Sept. 23.— Sheriff
George R. Davidson in attempting to save
the life of a negro early to-day fired Into
a mob which, was storming tb« Jail,
wounding a man whose namo Is un
known. The Sheriff summonder a*slst
ance, but ho and his aids were overpow
ered, the Jail was entered and tho much
wanted negTO, Hallen Small, shot to death
In the corridor.
The contract has been let for grading
and excavating for the new smelter to
be erected at Bakersfield. The site is
rear the stockyards on the line of the
Sunset and McKittrlck Railroad, about
a mile south of Kern.
California capital is taking part in the
systematic development of mining in the
Philippines. The first ten-stamp mill to
be tent from this country to the Philip
pines will be dispatched ver*" soon from
this city by the Philippine <2old Mining-,
Pow<r and Development Company, of
which John G. Mjvrs is the president.
The stamp mill was bought here in com-,
petition with other places where mining
machinery is manufactured. The stamp
mill will go to the province of Beng-uet.
I>uzon. In addition to this the Oriental
and Masbate Mining Company will ship
from this city a gold dredger to Luzon to
operate on its properties.
A good body of cinnabar is reported to
have been opened up in Lane County,
Orepon. A 300-ton quicksilver plant, ac
cording to the same report, is going up
at the Black Butte mines, which are near
Cottage Grove. During the four years
past 12,000 feet of work have been per
formed. Including- a vertical shaft to the
l<XX>-foot level. A. contract has been let
for an additional tunnel, to be 3000 feet
long, which will give a vertical depth of
1700 feet and will be the main working
tunnel of the mine. The Grass Valley
Union says:
Tliere is m-jch activity In a mining- Tray
th«re and mfn of means are going in and out
almost daily. Work is in progress on a num
ber of claims and it is said the companies
operating them are meeting with good success.
Mr. Fiwir.an of Cisco hae several mining prop
ertie* in the Meadow I>ak e diFtrict and has let
contract* for opening up tome of them. They
have not been worked to a great oxtent, but
have promising indications.
The last returns have been received by
Statistician Yale for the year 1902. The
work of compiling all the statistics will
now proceed and the full results of min
«raJ exploitation in California in the year
1902 will be made public within a very few
days.
Comparing the statistics of the United
Btates Mint at Washington, it Is interest
ing to note that the total output for the
entire United States in 1902 in gold was
$50 ,000,000 in round figures; in silver, $29,
415,000. California is the lowest but one
of the sliver-producing States, but second
as a gold producer. Of the Territories*
Alaska makes the lowest showing in sil
ver output, being credited with a value in
sliver for ISOS of only *4S,760.
DEVELOPING LUZON.
Some time during the coming week the
most complete report of the mineral out
put of California for any year will be
published. In collecting the mineral re
turr.s for California far the year 1302 the
State Mining Bureau and its statistician,
Charles G. Yale, have had exceptional
opportunities for securing accuracy. The
reason of this is that the United States
Government is in the field, gathering sta
tistics for the Census Bureau, and is also
making Inquiries of various kinds, all of
¦which c*n be reduced to a%-allable statis
tics. The probability is, as has been pre
viously mentioned in this column, that
tbe total g-old output of California for the
year l&tt will show some falling off as
compered with the year 1!K)1. It may be
interesting to compare the statistics,
•which will be submitted next week with
the estimates for California for the year
1302, as prepared by the Director of the
Mint at Washington, on the basis of the
returns from the assay offices.
The Mint returns the California gold
output for 1902 at 11C.S72.100. Colorado
make* a showing in gold, on the same
authority, of $28,458,770; Montana. $4,373,
600; Utah, $C,i.34,500; Alaska. $S,S43,SO0;
South Dakota, $5.1*65,400; Nevada, J2.895,
800; Idaho, $1,475,00?.
The practically ¦ unlimited quantities of
mineral oil, the vast deposits of copper
that are developed only in part and the
gr«a.t variety of mineral products in Cali
fornia in addition to gold, under favora
ble conditions are sufficient to make its
annual output much greater in total than
It has been In many years, in fact, since
the great output of the placer mines in
the earlier years of California mining- his
tory. Oil has been compelled to make Its
market and await somewhat slow substi
tution for coal as fuel. With the proper
demand, the output of oil would easily
equal the total annual output of gold if
not surpass it.
Collision Takes Place, but
Fortunately No One
Is Injured.
Confession of One of Them
Implicates Thirteen
Citizens.
Trial of Automobile by Sig
nal Corps Ends in
Failure.
Rump Meeting Votes to Un
seat Delegate From New
York Liocal No. 2
Low Water Interferes With
Operations on the
Mother Lode.
Convention Adjourns to
Prevent a Free
Fight.
Wreckers Run a Car Off
Siding and Obstruct
Main Track.
Returns for State Are
In and Summary
Is Due.
Three of the Mob Are
Captured by the
Sheriff.
Regulars of Department
of the Lakes
Arriving.
MINING WEALTH
IN STATISTICS
TRY TO DITCH
FREIGHT TRAIN
PARKS CAUSES
FURTHER TANGLE
TROOPS GATHER
FOR MANEUVERS
LYNCHERS KILL
NEGRO IN JAIL
THE SAN FK ANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 26. 1903.
Leong Kai Chen, Vice President of Reform Party of the
Empire, Arrives From the North and Is Accorded Great
Ovation by His Many Followers in Mongolian Quarter
WITH A BAND OF MUSIC
CHINESE GREET LEADER
3
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Jf P}ook Reviews Count
By RICHARD GREAVES
i$ill J4ave an Snormous Sale.
WRITTEN SOLELY TO AMUSE.
ftW**" 1^*^**^^^^ HKWtTWHillwWUIIil-^ NEW YORK. '»rJi'AI-J8rl*^»SW roi .^i^-^n <r«rv, ,*i^»:nr,&.
|| The World— It ought to bef[
H among the most popular and sue- H
U cessful of the year's lisrht books. 9
H The Sun — An animated and un-H
G usual story. M
H The Times — The story is witty, H
I sprightly and full of fun. and ity
I is warmly recommended to novel
readers.
BOSTON.
The Suburban — It is bound to be
one of the great books of iqo.i.
PHILADELPHIA.
The Inquirer — One of the most
delightful of recent books. It ,
might be called an intellectual re- '
fresher.
CHICAGO.
The Tribune — It contains enoujjh
of the spirit of an exhilarating
race to hold the reader spellbound.
The Record-Herald — Clever in
conception and entertaining in a
rare degree.
The News — It is certain to hold
the reader's attention.
BUFFALO, N. Y.
Courier — Here is an uncommon-
lv crooci story*
LOUISVILLE.
The Times— You will thank us
""" for recommending it.
ct PAT If
U The Dispatch — The book is one
II of the best literary jokes of the
H decade.
i KANSAS CITY. | ¦•
« n The Star — The romance in the
¦ book is quite charminsr, the. fun
19 skip.
Kg mJf B m ESI W M I ; Ei I ¦> ¦ R
ATVEBTISEMENTS.
Soap for toilet, nursery,
bath and shaving. Match-
less among all soaps in
the world for these pur-
poses.
•old ell over the world.
IIII2I Balsam \
j jToiaotes the growth cf tlxe hair and \ \
!• gives lttaolsstre.acflrtHrlnegscg youth. J|
t •vnaea tfca l>alr la gray or faced tt < ;
I BRINGS BACK THE YOUTHFUL COLOR. ! ;
j| It prevents Dasdntft and hair tailing J '
*> and keeps the scalp dean and bcalthy. j!
Don't Scold.-
Irritability is a nervous affection.
Strengthen the nerves with Dr. Miles"
Nervine. Sleep better, cat better,
work better, feel better, and be bef rer
Sold on suara tec. Huok on Drriwa for l*~ifc'
Db Miles Mn»u *• Co- KIUhar«. ind
A business school — Schil-
ling's Best — that teaches how
to do business so as to make
every man and woman you
deal-with your friend.
. Your grocer's; moneyb2ck.tSAN JOSE. Sept. 25.— James J. Smith,
a Chinese interpreter and Police Court at
torney, was arrested to-day on a charge
of grand larceny. The complaint was
made by John Bauer, who alleges that
Smith robbed him of a watch and chain.
In default of $500 bail Smith is occupying
a cell at the City Prison.
Attorney Is Accused of Theft.
BAN JOSE. Sept. 25.— Henry W. Olsen
and Martha Olsen. his wife, have agreed
to separate. An agreement to that effect
was filed in the County Recorder's office
Jure to-day. The couple have been mar
ried for three years, but their married life
has not been happy. Mrs. Olsen is at pres
ent residing in San Francisco. The couple
have no children. There is no community
property, but Olsen has paid his wife $2000
in full satisfaction of any claim she may
bavc as his wife or to any property he
l.as or may accumulate. Olsen lives at
Palo Alto.
Husband and Wife Agres to Part.
Chief of Police Carroll sallied forth last
night to see if the laws were being
obeyed. In a verj- short time he secured
evidence against the proprietors of the
Saddle Rock restaurant and the Overland
restaurant. At one place he found liquor
being sold openly over the bar, and at the
other it was beins served in boxes. War
lams are now being prepared and the
proprietors of the places will be prose
cuted. The city administration is deter
mined that the ordinances shall be en
forced.
SAN JOSE. Sept. 23.— San Jose is to be
a * < dry" town between 1 and 5 a. m., and
those who are accustomed to getting a
cocktail between those hours will have to
cany a bottle with them. Some time apo
the Council passed an ordinance compell
ing the *:a loons to close between 1 and 3
a. m., and also making it an offense for
restaurants to sell liquors during that
time.
San Jcse Authorities Are Determined
to Enforce the Saloon Closing
Ordinance.
SALE OF I1JTOXICA3JTS
IS TO BE RESTRICTED
Mexican oficen, who rushed in and be
pan firing; upon the outlaws. A pitched
liattle ensued, the result of which was
doubtful for a time, but when the wound
id were gathered up by the commissario
of police, who arrived upon the scene
just as the fmoke had cleared away, none
Ot the bandits wer« found among them.
On the contrary, one officer had been shot
through the body twice and will die, an
other one had been beaten into insensi
bility with th* butt of a six-shcoter and
a third had received a bullet in the arm.
One of the robbers was caught just out
side the town while attempting to make
his escape with a pack animai loaded
with the stolen goods. The other three
robbers, who were just ahead of him, fled
at the approach of the officers.
The captured outlaw has been placed in
solitary conlinement, and an attempt will
be made to force him to divulce the hid
ing place selected by him and his com
panion? for the plunder. It is believed
that the robbfrs belong to the same pant;
th«t raided a mininp camp near Cos two
wreta ago and killed John Newman, the
superintendent. For this reason the cap
ture of one cf their number is an im-
Tortaru one, and every effcrt will be made
to compel him to betray his fellows.
TUCSOX. Ariz.. Sept. A dispatch to
the Blsbce Review from Xaco, Sonora,
States that four Mexican outlaws raided
that tova about 1 o'clock on Thursday
rooming. After breaking into the Copper
V?ueen store, the warehouses of the South
nrcstern Commercial Company and an
other email store the bandits wound up
iii the Casino Faloon, where Ernest
'j r;t5k. the jiroprietor, was held up and
ordered to turn over all the money on
the gambling tables and in the safe.
Trask managed to slip a sir-shooter from
a hand drawer, and dropping behind the
bar opened lire. This attracted several
gpec-iel Dispatch to The Call.
Three of the Policeman Are
Wounded and One Out
law Is Caught.
Battle Takes Place in a
Mexican Gambling
Resort.
BANDITS FIGHT
WITH OFFICERS
SUPERVISORIAL TICKET NOMINATED BY REPUBLICANS
MEETS THE APPROVAL OF ALL CLASSES OF PEOPLE
PAROLE SYSTEM
IS NOT PERFECT
Prisoo Directors Hold
Conference With the
Governor.
Submit Several Suggestions
to Executive for His
Consideration.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. £5.— An extended
conference was held at the Capitol this
afternoon between Governor Pardee and
the State Board of Prison Directors. It
was understood that the conference,
which was executive, related to a discus
sion of the main and supplemental reports
filed by the Prison directors w!th refer
ence to the ( recent break of convicts at
the Folsom penitentiary. But from state
ments made by the parties to the confer
ence these reports were mentioned only
incidentally, and the discussion went al
most entirely to the matter of the paroia
system and the management of th« pris
ons generally.
At the conclusion of - .he session Gov
ernor Pardee was asked by The Call cor
respondent as to what had occurred at
the conference.
"Oh," said the Governor, "we merely
discussed the question of paroles and
credits and other affairs relating to tha
prisons."
"But did you not take up the reports
filed with you relating to the Folsom
break?"
"'Of course, that subject was referred
to now and then, as was inevitable," said
the Governor, "but that was not the pur
pose of the conference, and we dkl not go
into those questions."
Governor Pardee said It would be som<»
days before he would be prepared to say
anything abont the reports referred to.
"As a matter of fad" he continued. "I
nxve not had time to take r.p those re
ports. I am working now from twelve to;i
fourteen hours a day on business connect-U
ed with my office. I don't propnse to']
work longer hours than those. The re
ports must wait until I get down to
them."
From Prison Director Don Ray It was
learned that the conference related chiefly
to the parole system. "A ciuestlon has
arisen," said Director Ray. "as to what
should be done with life termers who are
paroled. It does not ceem right to set at
liberty en parole a life termer and compel
the StatP to watch out for him all the
time he is out of prison unul he dies. It
occurs to U3 that if a man is ttt to be pa
roled, and he shows after a couple of
years of this kind of liberty that he has
reformed, his sentence either should be
commuted or he should be pardoned by
the Governor. We wanted to submit this
suggestion to the Governor and discusa it
with him. It is difficult to arrange a
meeting 1 of4he board at which he can be
present and so we came to Sacramento.
We did not go into the. matter of the re
ports on the Folsorn break. I cannot dis
cuss what those reports contain."
All the directors left for their homes
after the conference.
Must Tile New Account.
SANTA ROSA, Sept. 25.— In an opinion
handed down in the estate of Edwin Lord
by Judge Emmet Seawell the account of
the administrator is disallowed and the
administrator, W. II. Lord, la ordered to
forthwith file a new account and file
vouchers showing the expenditure of
money. Maud Edna Rose, a daughter of
the deceased, recently requested the court
to compel the administrator to file an ac
count. Judge Seawell declares In his
opinion that it is almost impossible to ob
tain from the account a correct knowl
edge of the business of the estate, and
that the account contains many credits
which are not properly a charge against
the estate.
CANDIDATES FOR SUPERVI
SORS WHO WERE SELECTED
BY REPUBLICANS.
MADERA, Sept. 25. — The second "day of the
Roberts- Fresno Democrat $75,000 libel suit
#nded without any progress being made In
the matter of securing a Jury. James O
Maculre for the defense la here.
SANTA CRUZ, Sept. 25.— Addle Burson
of Superror. Wis., filed an opposition to
day to the letters of administration asked
for by Robert Green . pfyWatsonville on
the estate of her mother/ Elvira J. Green,
whose death is "surrounded by mystery.
Mrs. Burson alleges that Green, who is
her stepfather, is incompetent to serve on
account of his, Improvidence.^ The estate
Is valued at about 110,000. - - ,
Will Oppose Her Stepfather.
SAN JOSE, Sept. 25.— Lolla Ortega had
his throat gashed and one or two others
were more or less injured irt/a cutting af
fray that followed an all-night carousal
of a number of young . Mexicans. Ortega,
Leo Para and others became Involved in
a row over $3 which Para declared had
been taken from him. Some one drew a
knife, and this led to a free-for-all cutting
scrape. Ortega's throat was cut from the
base of the left ear to a point immediate
ly below the chin. Eighteen stitches were
necesssary to close the wound, and his
condition is critical. Others were cut, but
not seriously. Ortega was taken to his
home and his wound dressed. An attempt
has been made to hush up the matter.
Carousal Ends in Cutting Affray.
George Dletterle is employed by Gold
berg, Bo wen & Co. He has marrj^ friend/
and has always taken a deep interest in
his party. Thomas C. Duff is a member
of. th« firm of Stromberg & Duff. He is
been prominently mentioned for other po
sitions in the municipal government, but
he declined them all. He was prevailed
upon to accent the nomination for Su
pervisor and his friends are rallying to
his standard.
T. E. Lunstedtls the well known dealer
in wines and liquors. He was grand mar
shal of the last Fourth of July celebra
tion. His nomination has pleased his
friends and they will -work energetically
to elect him. Mr. Lunstedt is a promi
nent member of the Eagles, Royal Arch
and other fraternal organizations. He is
a Native Son and is known throughout
this city as a man of business integrity.
W. W. Sanderson Is an attorney at law
and has offices in the Mills building. Mr.
Sanderson has often been mentioned as
an- available candidate for the judiciary,
but hag always declined to enter the fight.
He Is a young man, but has won his
way as an attorney, has the esteem
of his fellow practitioners and is highly
commended by the bench and bar of this
city. John I.. "Stephen is r a well known
physician of this city. He has a host of
friends and he was placed on the ticket
because the Republican leaders felt cer
tain that he would add strength to it. ¦'
Colonel J. R. Berry, another soldier of
the south, is also making a fight for the
place. Governor Pardee wants to give
the place to the man who has the longest
record for service.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 25.— A war has
broken out at Los Angeles over the ap
pointment of a brigadier general of the
militia at that point. Oscar Lawlor and
Oscar Muller of Southern California were
before Governor Pardee this . afternoon
trying to point out to him the way to
bring peace in the rank3 of the soldiers.
They were working in the interest of
Robert Wamkowskl.
Governor Pardee recently appointed
Frank Prescott of San Bernardino to the
brigadier, generalship,', but the appoint
ment was only temporary. .
LOS ANGELES MILITIAMEN
SEEM UNABLE TO AGREE
Fight Over Appointment of a Briga
dier General Causes Dissatisfac
tion in the Banks.
a man of high character, good Business
ability and Is popular In this community.
Robert Vance Is popular in fraternal and
business circles. George R. Wells is a
well known lawyer of this city. He has
been practicing his profession for many
years and has a big practice. Joseph S.
Nyland is a strong union man and will
be supported by the laboring men. He
Is a young man and possesses executive
ability. "William Barton Is a well known
business man of San Francisco.
Citizens Commend
Selection of the
Eighteen.
4* — : : S. a.
Although the day's business was very
large the activity was really confined to
less than a dozen issues. In addition to
the Steel these Included Amalgamated
Copper. Atchlson, Baltimore and Ohio St
Paul, Erie. Missouri Pacific. Pennsylva
nia. Reading and Union Pacific. These
Btockg were traded in all the way from
35,000 shares of Missouri Pacific to 85,000
of Atchlson common"; which was, next to
Steel preferred, the most active issue In
the list.
The same interests offered no explana
tion for the steady depreciation In the
market value of the Steel issues except
to declare that the stock market Is now
In control of "bear gamblers," who are
making the most of conditions that are
largely fictitious and Imaginary.
NEW YORK, Sept. 25.— The stock mar
ket as a whole showed very decided im
provement at to-day's close, and the sen
timent was apparently more cheerful.
Nevertheless the same Influences that
have made more directly for lower prices
during the past few months were again
in evidence — namely, the- extreme weak
ness of United States Steel issues. . The
common and preferred shares, as well as
the 5 per cent bonds, began the day with
new low records, recovered in part on
good support and in the early afternoon
"burst wide open" on a fresh bear raid.
In the' final dealings, while the balance
of the list was showing a very firm un
dertone, another attack on the steel is
sues occurred, and the stocks closed with
net losses of three-eighths and one per cent
for the common and preferred, respective
ly, while the bonds cfosed at 71»4 after
touching a new low record of 70%. Deal
ings in Steel were enormous, the total
sales of the etfmmon and preferred Issues
aggregating over 173.000 shares— about one
fifth of the day's business. The stocks
were offered In big lots throughout the
day. Trading in the bonds was also of
tremendous volume and completely over
shadowed all other issues in the bond list.
No -particular reason can be advanced
for the continued weakness of the Steel
securities aside from general distrust re
garding conditions In the industrial world
and the apparent lack of support except
at critical periods. One of the day's many
rumors had it that a firm prominent in
the original steel syndicate and later in
the conversion syndicate, had through
necessity sold privately some 50,000 shares
of preferred and 20.000 shares of common
at 60 and 15. The report was flatly denied
by interests in a position to know.
This morning the household goods of
Rev. Dr. Dennett, who changes places
with Rev. Mr. Van Auda, were loaded in
the -wagons and Rev. Mr. Van Auda
started with them for Morgan Hill. Short
ly after he had left the teamster appeared
on the scene and was much chagrined to
think the minister was driving the team
back to Morgan Hill.
SAN JOSE, Sept. 25.— Because a team
ster he had hired became drunk the Rev.
Mr. Van Auda, a Methodist minister, wa3
obliged to mount the seat of a wagon
and drive a four-horse team through the
streets of this city. Attached to the
wagon was a trailer, and both vehicles
were loaded with household goods of the
pastor. The recent j conference trans
ferred Rev. Mr. Van Auda from Morgan
Hill, twenty-two miles south of here, to
the East San Jose church. A teamster
at Morgan Hill was hired by the min
ister to haul the goods to East San Jose
and the start was made on Wednesday.
The driver stopped at all the saloons
along the road, however, and when he
reached San Jose he abandoned his team.
The Rev. Mr. Van Auda arrived here
yesterday and was surprised to find that
his goods had not been delivered at the
parsonage in East San Jose. After a lit
tle search he found the wagons and
horses in front of the Dashaway stables
on Second street, but the driver could not
be located.
The minister was equal to the occasion.
Getting In the wagon he threw out half
a dozen beer bottles he found under the
seat, picked up the- lines and started for
his new home in East San Jose. He pi
loted the four-horse team and heavy wag
ons through the crowded streets with the
skill of a circus driver. The ministerial
air and dress of the driver attracted at
tention along the route and old-time
teamsters were nearly dumfounded by
the meek manner of the driver.
Epecial Dispatch to The Call.
Depreciation in Marke
Value of Stock
Continues.
Teamster Employed by
Him Gets Drunk and
Deserts Wagon.
STEEL ISSUES
SHOW WEAKNESS
MINISTER DOES
HIS OWN MOVING
Ed H. Algeltlneer will prove, a great
help to his ticket He was a member
of the former Board of Supervisors and
did excellent work. Mr. Aigeltinger has
Maxwell McNutt is a son of Dr. Mc-
Nutt/ ex-Police Commissioner and one of
the leaders In the establishment of the
United Republican League. Hia son is
a bright young man, alive to the needs
gf the city and capable of doing much
good as a member of the board. M. L.
Asher is alsn an attorney at law. Mr.
Asher has taken an active interest in
Republican affairs in this city. As a mem
ber of the late convention his voice, was
frequently heard. He is a forcible speak
er and a deep student of the law.
Fred Eg&ers and George Alpers were
tho auiet workers on the present board.
Although neither official startled the pop
ulace by their speeches, their work in
committee was productive of much good
for the municipality. Both candidates
have innumerable friends who are already
working for their re-election.
Fred N. Bent is extremely popular •with
the residents of the MJssion. He has lived
in that section nearly all his life and has
always been alive to Its interests. Much
of the improvements that have been made
in that portion of the city. Is due to
Bent's enorts. His nomination is consid
ered equivalent to an election. .'
L. A. Rea.' who was appointed to the
Board of Supervisors by Mayor Schmitz,
comes from the North Beach section of
the city.* During the Bhort time Mr. Rea
has been on the board he has made many
friends by the thoroughness in which he
goes about his work. He believes that "a
public office is a. public trust," and he Is
living up to the" motto. Mr. Rea Is a new
member of the board and if elected will
surely make an excellent record for hon
esty and integrity.
Horace Wilson is looked upon as the
most conservative member of the present
Board of Supervisors. Nothing escapes
his eve. He scrutinizes every bill that
comes up before the board and hia watch
fulness has saved the city thousands of
dollars. Colonel Wilson Is a veteran of
the Civil War and is a leading member
of Georee H. Thomas Post. As a mem
ber of the executive committee of the
late Grand Army Encampment he did
splendid work. He is almost certain of
election. .. •
Dr. Charles Boxton has a host of
friends. Not only la he well known In
medicinal circles but also among the Na
tional Guardsmen of this State. As lieu
tenant colonel of the First Regiment, N.
G. C. he has won the esteem of every
member in his command. He has served
In the Philippines and is a leading mem
ber of the Society of Spanish War Vet
erans.
. by. the convention which has just
adjourned are particularly good ones and
the workers In the party look forward
to their election on November 3. The
men who have been nominated for Su
pervisors are well known In this city. All
of them are men of standing in the com
munity and are vote getters. Six mem
bers of the present board have been nomi
nated and the splendid record they have
made while In office Is an assurance that
they will be re-elected to their present
positions.
GK every hand yesterday was heard
praise for the Republican munici
pal ticket. The selections made
Men of Integrity
Are Made Can
didates.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,. SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 26, 1903.
4
DR. PIERCE'S REMEDIES.
TBe Price e! Pleasure.
It is hard for a lovelv woman to forego
the pleasures of the life which she was
created to enjoy and adorn. She may
have to be busr all dav in office or in
store, yet she cannot deav herself the
social pleasures which are" offered her.
rjj But the fatigue is
fjv"" > t often too great for
her, and she suf-
y^t fa's from headache
•— / "V' aa<^ backache as a
S — { consequence of
*f- *\i/\ \ /£> over-€xertion.
V— /. \r—%& Women who are
j S^L^a 1 tired and iron: out
>StMw»-j/ will find a perfect
t~" J$aft&c\ | on ' c cn<^ uervine
AjM^^Jk* l \ vorite Prescription .
iS'*^^r) cures headache,
*^&&5>s/\/ bactaclie aa " tn ?
0y^SA^^^Kttj Ot her aches aud
/ffi£rS$Z»3~+ pains to which
AviC^v^s^iW -women are subject.
ftvg£ttraj§5Sf| II established rega-
nv^^ui cning drains, heal?
vAv$Sk*¥&tF%3 inflammation and
cures female weak-
ness. Itmakesweak
"wJ^H^ftSb* Troinen strong aud
i«?S5a s ' c^ wo:nci1 w?^-
your instructions.
# Co.,' Ga. «l' suffered
***~~ so much tntix great
,1-ir.i in my back and the lower pmrt of my
slstnarh and palpitation of the heart, that at
*in:e» I could hardly lie down. Coald hardly
~s« -jp ia the morning, but after uuny three
;?..tii'M of * Favorite Prescription ' and two via!s
•if E>r. Herce'a Fleasast Pellets, I am like a nrcr
ToaaJi."
Sick women, especially those suffering
rom diseases of long standing, are in-
cited to consult Dr. Pierce, by lctter,/>vr<r.
Ail correspondence is held as strictly pri-
vate and sacredly confidential. , Address
Er. 2- V. Pierce. Buffalo, N. Y.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
8ICK HEADACHE ¦
la generally caused tj
v CONSTIPATION
BXX£OTT82rxSS A2R>
XtXTXOK TaOTJBI.23.
Eltatr la QoloUj B«Uar«d and
Permanently Cursd by *
sfc . i - ¦ r?\_
THB DOSS — Half a ;Um in the
mornlnr rlv»« prompt aad pleas-
ant relief. i
Oont be tricked \tj uaiorapnlotu
ixugglMtm with worthless laostl-
tote*.
d visit DR. JORDAN'S great p
{tlUSEUS OF ANATOMY^
o CJ5 i:i:ai2S2:s:.bt.s-ii:^.:.r.:i:. A
\ *Zg The Larent A&atomical Mir-eum in tht \
V MOAa*^ Woild. Weaknene* or ii.y conzwit* t)
i. V&:£Fi <«ise»M p*»l«l»»ly «»r«a ry the old*.! Y
A fljgP jl DR. JORDAN-DISEASES C? MH?J J>
* y$lw$S Con^lution fr-r *-S tfrirtly private. V
6 S lJ*C/4 Treumem perwnil'jr rr br Ift-f. A Q
\ H V «¦ **"-*••• CWri in ereryeas* undertaken. \
AvS lift WritefcrBock.rnn.gwfmr.fA
V * I i*i BABEUSC, MAILED FUSE. (AT
A C* ii «<u«ble book for mu-n) \
V D& JOBDAJf * CO.. 1031 M*rfc<»t St-.S. F. V
JBEfe Those sufferinz from weak
&»' ae3ses which sap the pleasures
¦ M ¦ of life should take Juven Pilla.
is; One bottle will tell a story of
marvelous results. This medicine ha» more
rejuvenatinj, vitalizing force than has ever
been offered. Sent by mail in plain package
only on receipt of this adv. and $L
Made br its orisrinatora C. L Hood Co.. pro-
prietors Hood's Sarsaparilla. Lowell. Matt
juri^fc&Jl MENANDWGMEH.
Ci8Bijr«forunn»tur»l
/SjvMjri. | i # id*r*.V| discharge*. inflanimationi.
gjftftg ouiuiw « initatioai or ulcerniona
ff£*Y B «t ts tcrtotar*. of mncous m«mbrtD«i.
ffr *C Pr»»»»t» c«»t»«to«. Pain>8». and not Mtria-
BpTJY'HEEYlHSCHtMIMLCO. « eat or P<»»on<"» 8 -
V£& ClHCWNATUinSi >eld by DnantfsU,
«»a C.S.A. J^T or i«nt in plain wr»p*«r,
jTflHV dirTi *>? «rw. prwid, for
VSeSSHBBK^TI • I *>. or 3 bottles 13. 73.
¦» H circuit Mat ea rtqowfeJames J. Hodgklnson, a former employe
of W. L. Holmes' elevator- works, 210
Fremont street, was discovered by his
vife yesterday morning suffocated by Il
luminating gas on the floor of the kitch
en of his home at 2S Pearl street. He had
been out of work for. three weeks and had
been drinking heavily: ' At half past 6
o'clock yesterday morning Mrs. Hodg
klnson, missing him from his bed. went
to the kitchen and found his dead body
lying on the floor, with one end of a rub
ber tube in his mouth and the other fas
tened to an open burner on the gas brack
et. The unfortunate young man was a
native of New York, 2S years of age.
Suicide of an Elevator Man.
The crcss-examlnation of Mr. Erwin
will be continued at 10 o'clock this morn
ing.
"Did you pay anything for these fifty
shares of stock?" inauired Mr. Wood
worth. * . '
"Not a cent," was the. Instant reply.
"Who cave them to you?"
"Mr. Richardson. I never asked for
eny or solicited any at all. I don't Know
who the stockholders were."
The witness then went on to say that
he went to Washington with Richardson,
having secured leave of absence for that
purpose, in order to bring the attention
cf the Government to the device, which
he considered a very good thing for the
service. The contract was not made until
some months later. ...
RECEIVES STOCK.
postofflce here one day and Daniel S. Rich
ardson, superintendent of the postofflce, said
that he had something which he wanted to
snow me, and he produced a roufth working
model of this devh-e. 1 at once became in
terested In It and looked it over carefully and
saw that It was an excellent thing. I recog
nized the fact that It could be used only by
the Postofflce Department. It was entirely
novel " and ¦ 1 had never seen anything on a
similar plan. -I don't recall havlngr had any
particular conversation with him at that time
regarding any efforts to have the authorities
adopt the device.
Early 111 October Mr. Richardson wanted to
know whether I would go to Washington with
him and help him introduce the device. I
did not want to go. because I had Just re
turned from a four months' stay in Cuba and
I wan rather fatigued with traveling, but at
his urgent solicitation I finally consented to
accompany him. He made me a present of
.'0 shares of stock in the company known as
the Montague Letter Box and Device Com
pany, which I -exchanged later on for COO
shares in the new company known as the Pos
tal Device and Improvement Company.
CHANGE IN SCHEDULE ON THE
California Northwestern Railway.
Commencing Fur.day, September -1*7. 1903. the
urjal winter echf-iJule on all <J1vIs1o:j« of this
read will take tfTect.
This fummer'« s«-rvle<» on the California
Northwestern Railway has been v»ry popular
with the traveling public cd<1 won many
friends. •
PAN* DIEOO. Sept. 25. — Hayden Tonkin, the
boy who fell Into a vat of hot lemon Juice
at National City a few day* a*o. died, this
?nornine as the result of bis injuries. ¦
H. J. Kieser and J. W. Pettee were ar
rested at the baseball grounds at Eighth
and Harrison streets yesterday afternoon
by Policemen Gable and Burg and booked
at the City Prison on a charge of pool
selling. They are accused of selling pools
on the baseball games, using a hand book
for the names and amounts. The war
rants for their arrest were sworn to be
fore Police Judge Fritz yesterday morn
ing. They were released on $25 cash bail
each.
Arrested for Poolselling.
"Reading a New Play" Is an extremely
amusing description of a young playwright's
trials In readlnz his maiden effort to an un
appreeiatlve company of actors and actresses.
In verse, comment, gossip, reviews, financial.
Insurance, literature, drama and politics, the
News Letter is the brightest, most wide-awako
I>ap^r in the West.
What Julius «lo<Fn't tell about politics Isn't
worth telling and "Special Agent's" insurance
letters are eagerly watched fcr.
"Autocrank" keeps abreast of everything in
the automobile- world •
The aged Mrs. Saunders. San Francisco's
oldest actres?. Is the subject of a touching,
pathetic Interview in to-day's San Francisco
News Letter.
Feminine readers of the News Letter will be
d«"llght«-d uith Lady Algle's fashion article,
which i» a thorough discussion of the latest
in millinery.
To-Day's News-letter.
L'Aiglon in Trouble Because Pala
table Morsels Made Colorado
Friends Sick.
Acting on a dispatch from Denver. Chief
Wittman yesterday detailed Detective
Freel to find L'Aiglon. a trapeze perform
or, whose wife has been performing .it
the Chutes. Freel found him at a lodg
ing-house on Larkln street with his wife
and took them, both to police headquar
ters. As Chief Wittman was merely ask
ed to locate him he was allowed to go.
It appears that L'Aiglon and other
members of a company performing at
Put-bio. Colo., some days ago had a party
and L'Aiglon provided chicken sand
wiches which he bought f mm a restau
rant where fcs took his meals. Miss Lulu
Long, her sister and Frank Milton, who
partook of the Kandwiches. became vio
lently ill from ptomaine poison, and are
not yet out of danger. As L'Aiglon pro
vided the sandwiches the police authori
ties at Denver wanted him located pend
ing an Investigation. f
PERFORMER SUPPLIES
PTOMAINE SANDWICHES
At the preliminary hearing on April 17
before Judge Cabaniss Hess repeated his
ftory about Ludlow throwing the acid in
his face, but it was proved by Detective
Ed Gibson, who had been detailed on the
caso, that Hess' face was burned by an
explosion of gas in his shop on April 9
rmJ Ludlow was able to prove a complete
alibi by several witnesses.
Hcbert Hess, a carpenter on Point
Lobos avenue, was convicted by a jury In
Judge Dunne's court yesterday on a
charge of perjury and was ordered to
appear for sentence on October 3.
Hess had trouble with George B. Lud
low. a buyer for Weinstock, Lubin & Co.,
about a dog and on April 10 he swore to
a complaint before Police Judge Cabanlss
chp.fging Ludlow with throwing acid in
his face the previous night on Geary
street, near I^irkin. His face bore evi
dence of having been severely burned.
Robert Hess, a Carpenter, Falsely
Swears a Man Threw Acid in
His Face.
CONVICTED BY A JURY
ON CHARGE OF PERJURY
Harry Jackson was convicted by a jury
in Judge Cook's court yesterday on a
charge of robbery and he will be sen
tenced on September 30. The jury was
out only a few minutes.
Charles E. Hallenquist, Iron worker, 560
Howard street, was going home about 4
o'clock in the morning on June 26 and
was accosted by two young women on
Market street, near Fourth. They were
walking down Fourth street, toward Mis
sion, when Jackson and another young
man met them^and Jackson asked Hallen
quist why he was walking with his girls.
Hallenquist replied that he wanted noth
ing to do with the girls.
"Well," said Jackson, "let us shake
hands and be friends," and Hallenquist
held out his hand. Just then he got an
uppercut on the Jaw and fell to the
ground. Jackson and his companion went
through Hallenquist's pockets and took
$G 70 from him and a gold ring. They ran
away and Hallenquist struggled to his
fet and ran after them along Mission
street, toward Fifth. Jackson's compan
ion escaped through an alley in the rear
of thp Cosmopolitan Hotel and Jackson
was arrested while talking to two young
girls opposite the Mint.
Make Friends With a Man, Knocks
Him Down and Rifles His
Pockets.
JURY CONVICTS JACKSON
ON CHARGE OF ROBBERY
The evidence showed that Delehanty's
brother George had broken up his home
and had alienated the affections of his
wife. Their mother died recently, leav
ing rrooo to Gfnrge on the implied under
standing that he would provide for Ed
ward's four children. George had given
{2091 to Edward's wlfo, besides a gold
watch and several drosses, and It was
with the object of getting possession of
the bankbook for the children's sake that
Edward made his wife erlve it un.
The bankbooks had been obtained from
Edward on a search warrant. The one
belonging to George was returned to him,
but the other was retained, and Officer
McMurray of the California Society for
the Prevention of Cruelty to Children was
instructed by the Judjre to look after the
children and report to him on Monday
what arrangements had been made In
their interest.
The case cf Edward J. Delehanty. sa
loon-keeper. Twenty-fourth and Howard
streets, charged with threats against life
by his wife, Mrs. Dell Delehanty, was
dismissed by Police Judge Megan yester
day. She accused him of forcing her to
deliver over to him at the point of a
revolver her bankbook showing a deposit
of $2000 in the Hibernia Bank, and also
a bankbook belonging to her brother-in
law.
Charge of Threats Against Life
Against Edward J. Delehanty
Is Dismissed.
ACCUSES HIS BROTHER OF
BREAKING UP HIS HOME
Suits for divorce were filed yesterday
by F. C. Wheeler against Frances Maud
Wheeler for desertion, Cecilia Shovlin
against Cornelius Shovlin for cruelty,
Janr-t Williams against Abraham L. Wil
liams for cruelty and W. V. Struntz
aprainst Hazel Struntz for desertion.
Divorces were granted to James J. Mil
ler from Mary I. Miller for desertion.
Laura Woodruff from Frank B. Woodruff
for desertion. Marguerite D. Smith from
Louis A. Smith for cruelty, Elizabeth
Lowell from Charles Lowell for desertion
and Nettie Mir.a Sanford from David M.
Sanford for cruelty.
In an answer and cross-complaint filed
yesterday by James S. Swain to the suit
for divorce filed by Ray Swain he denies
that he has ever treated her in a cruel
and inhuman manner, as she charges. He
fays that he has always been a good and
dutiful husband and says that she has
not been a faithful wife. He says she is
too fond of one Frank Rice.
Answers Wife's Divorce Suit by Fil
ing Cross-Complaint in Which
He Charges Infidelity.
SWAIN SAYS HIS TROUBLES
ARE DUE T6 FRANK RICE
The day truant schools could be established
easily in ordinary school buildings and oper
ated out of the regular school fund. Rut a
special tax must be levied for the maintenance
of a regular parental school of the boarding
school type. We need them both and sooner
or later the means must be provided for both
kinds of Fchools.
In the city of San Francisco we shall need
Facial schools for truants and incorrigibles.
We shall need a number of day truant school?
operating from about 8:30 In the morning till
about 4 :."V) !n the afternoon, where boys who
are frequent truants may be sent for tem
porary detention, not extending beyond several
months at the most. Cases a-srimed to one of
the day truant schools should usually be those
where the home Is in co-onTation with thf
s=chor,I authorities, otherwise the hours of free
dom beyond school hours will prove destructive
to the irood influences exerted during the hours
of school. We shall also need, ultimately, a par
ental schorl o? the boarding school type. Whern
the cases of truancy and Incorrljjlbility have
become habitual. Rreatly aKKravated in many
rasf-s by vicious home Influence, a parental
boarding school which can control the truant's
whole time Is essential. The studies to be pur
sued in both schools would be the same. The
difference would be in the extent of the work
laid out and in thp conditions of discipllns
laid down.
Superintendent of Schools Langdon de
livered a lecture before the Associated
Charities yesterday, his subject being
"Compulsory Education and Parental
Schools." He said in part:
Superintendent Langdon Addresses
the Associated Charities on Solu
tion of Truancy Problem.
LECTURES ON NECESSITY
OF PARENTAL SCHOOLS
He lives at 1255 Howard street at pres
ent. He absolutely refuses to elucidate
the mystery surrounding the identity of
the little girl. Mrs. Prescott says that
she Is only an agent and knows nothing
of the facts which Locke wishes to con
ceal. The child is suffering from a cuta
neous disease, which Locke avers was
contracted at the house of Mrs. Bean.
Locke says that the body of the dead
woman was shipped back to Maxwell in
St. Louis. He asserts that the expenses
01" both himself and the little one are
paid by the father. Miss Pretty, who is
said to be a nurse, is employed, as the
alleged physician declares, "somewhere
in the Shasta region." Locke says that
he will place the infant in a nice family
and care for it until the father orders
otherwise.
Mrs. Bean asserts that she spoke of the
matter to a reputable physician and that
he said such a course of treatment would
result after a time in the death of the* lit
tle girl. The woman continued feeding
the. infant as she . had done previously,
and when Locke called he became • en
raged thereat. He threatened to remove
the child to another place, and she ;im
mediately referred the whole affair to Sec
retary While of the Society for the Pre
vention of Cruelty to Children. The last
named directed Mrs. Bean to request
Ix)cke to call at his office.
i/ocke called on Mrs. Bean within 'a day.
or two, but refused to see White on the
pround that White was not interested in
the matter. Yesterday Locke, in company
with Mrs. Lydia Prescott of the Chil
dren's Protective Society, took the infant
from Mrs. Bean and placed it with an
other family.
Yesterday afternoon Locke stated that
the child was the daughter of Robert
Maxwell of St. Louis, Mo. The story was
that the physician. Miss Pretty and Mr.
and Mrs. Maxwell started from St. Louis
for California about four months ago.
Mrs. Maxwell gave birth to the little girl
in Denver and died within a week. Max
well, who Is alleged to be a traveling boot
and shoe salesman, returned to St. Louis,
and Locke, Miss Pretty and the baby con
tirtued on their way to this State.
Locke admits that he does not possess
a license to practice in any State. He sub
sequently stated that he had never had
an office. Finally he owned that all the
names he had mentioned might be aliases
and that he was not from St. Louis. He
also said that he had neglected in Denver
to record either the birth of the child or
the death of the mother.
Much mystery surrounds the identity of
a baby girl whose welfare has recently
become the care of two of the city's char
itable societies. The little one's guardian"
is a man who chooses to call himself Dr.
William Locke and who refuses to tell
from what quarter of the earth he comes.
A woman who had temporary custody of
the child tells a story of mysterious hap
penings.
Mrs. Reo F. Bean of 819 Pennsylvania
street advertised about a month ago for
a baby to board. An answer was received
from "Dr. W. Locke" of Frultvale. Sub
sequently a young woman who gave her
name as "Miss Pretty" called at the home
of Mrs. Bean and left the baby. The vis
itor said the child's name was Elsie Max
well, and that Dr. Locke would call reg
ularly to see about the health of the in
fant. He called within a few days and
objected to the manner in which Mrs.
Bean cared for her charge. He prescribed
some castor oil and a patent food and de
parted.
HICHABBSON TEMPTS.
Mr. Erwin then proceeded to state his
first connection with the device:
In the summer of 1890 I had the device
first called to my attention. I went Into the
In response to questions by United
States Attorney Woodworth, the witness
said that the Indicator was first adopted
early in 1000. and the first Installment
was daced in San Francisco.' At the
time of its adoption Mr. Erwln was a
postofflce inspector and had nothing to
do with the subject officially. When he
was promoted on July l. 1900, Charles
Hedges and William G. Evens had been
superintendents of the free delivery sys
tem for two or three years. He did not
know when the time Indicators were first
Installed here. \ That Installation was an
experiment and is still being -continued.
There are 2000 in Philadelphia and sev
eral hundred In use in Chlcagt), Sacramen
to, St. Paul and Atlantic City, N. J. The
Postmaster of Sacramento was very de
sirous of having It Introduced In that city,
and th*» witness, at the request of the
Postmaster, wrote a letter to Charles
Hedges, superintendent of the city deliv
ery service in Washington, D. C, calling
attention to the Postmaster's letter. • In
this jurisdiction, added the witness, there
were not more than 1000 or 1100 In use.
"Were you ever called upon by the au
thorities in "Washington to make a report
on thp use of these devices?" asked Mr.
Woodworth.
"No t sir." was the reply. "I was never
called' upon to do so."
"Were vnu ever asked by any official
in Washington as to whether these time
indicator devices were working satisfac
torily?"
"I don't recall any particular instance,"
replied Mr. Erwln, "but such might have
been the fact."
NUMBER IN USE.
The proceedings were had upon the re
quest of the United States Attorney for
a warrant of removal of Erwln from Cali
fornia to Washington, D. C, where it is
proposed to try Erwln, together with
August W. Machen and George W. Beav
ers, who were jointly indicted by a Fed
eral Grand Jury In Washington, D. C.
The charges against them are conspiracy
to defraud the Government by corruptly
inducing its agents to enter into contract
for the purchase of a large number of
tlmelock devices for mail boxes at a price
largely in excess of the cost of manufac
ture and of the price at which similar
devices could be furnished to the Govern
ment. It is also charged in the indict
'ment that Erwin and the others, in pur
suance of the conspiracy, neglected to ad
vertise fo/ bids for furnishing such de
vices to the department.
Among those present in court yesterday
were Postofflce Inspector-ln-charge Robert
R. Munro, Postofflce Inspector James
O'Connell and A. J. "Vinlng.
HEACOCK WANTS FACTS. -
Mr. Knight addressed the court and pro
ceeded to argue technically against the
indictment and its validity, but Judge
Heacock interrupted him with the follow
ing statement: •
"I may as well state in the beginning
that this court will not listen to any tech
nical questions. I leave technical objec
tions for some other court. _ "We will have
no arguments against the validity of the
Indictment— nothing but vital evidence or
argument will be admitted here."
Mr. Knight excepted to the ruling of
the Commissioner and placed Mr. Erwin
on the stand. The witness gave a de
tailed history of his connection with the
department since he became a member of
it on June 27, 1SS7, until his connection
with it was severed two weeks ago by an
abrupt note from the department at
Washington. Ills manner was cool and
self-possessed and he answered all ques
tions promptly and did not show any dis
position to withhold anything. In reply
to Mr. Knight's Questions he said that on
July 1, 1900, he was holding the position of
postofflce inspector, and a year later he
was assistant superintendent of the free
delivery service. Mr. Hedges was his im
mediate superior. The duty of the wit
ness in the ne^r position was to supervise
on the Paclflc / slope the free delivery sys
tem, to establish the service in other
States and to recommend an increase in
the force of carriers wherever such in
crease might be needed. His Jurisdiction
extended over Oregon, Washington, Idaho,
Utah. Nevada. California. Xew Mexico
and the Hawaiian Islands. The time in
dicator device, in his opinion and in the
opinion of all persons with whom he had
conversed, was a necessary Improvement
attached to the street letter boxes, and
the boxes were a part of the free delivery
system, he said.
Proceedings in the matter of -the indict
ment of James W. Erwln, until recently
superintendent of the free sys
tem of this Jurisdiction, were begun at 10
o'clock yesterday morning before United
States Court Commissioner Heacock, and
will be resumed at the same hour this
morning.
Mr. Erwln was represented by Samuel
Knight. On behalf of the Government
United States District Attorney Marshall
B. "Woodworth appeared.
Before the court was called to order Mr.
Erwln spent fifteen minutes In shaking
hands with and conversing with his old
associates in the postofflce department,
¦who had visited the courtroom to say
words of esteem and good cheer.
Talks Mysteriously of the
Infant's Parents, but
Withholds Facts.
Receives Fifty Shares From
His Friend and Help3
in His Scheme. .
Tells How Richardson
Induced Him to" Go
to Washington.
Very Peculiar Actions
of a Self-Styled
"Physician."
SEEKS TO HIDE
BABY'S IDENTITY
ERWIN NARRATES
HIS EXPERIENCE
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL,* SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 26, ,1903.
5
, ADVERTISEMENTS.
FALL BLOCKS
IN
.MEN'S- HATS
All fashionable shapes in great variety. The Keller
price will cut a figure with you, too. We quote a few
items. Come in to-day and see for yourself.
Cowboy Hats e r ns y0^ The Tuxedo. k k tfg
¦, ..* V': " Ar ,. * underbrim and black silk lining,
ladies wear. Medium crown, AIso in pear i, co lor, with black
good wide brim; tan color; very s iik underbrim and lining. Fine
natty. tf«-| r/\ quality and very tf*^ AA
Keller's price iJH.DU stylish '...4"**W
Leather bands 25c extra. . The neute r-colored soft hat.
— : — ' Same shape in black. Can be
New fall blocks of Fedoras and wOrn as three-in-one shape . or
Derbies in splendid variety. Der- Du " lap Crus |l er - Harrow brim
. . .. . , , c r r .. and raw edge. ,Rolls up all
bies all black. Soft styles in roU nd and dips down in front,
pearl, gray and Oxford, tf« ha A nobby hat for young COCA
with black band .... 4>£»3U men iJ>£.»JV/
1028-1030 Market street, « 1157-115$ Washington street,
SAN FRANCISCO. OAKLAND.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
e Steamers leave San Fran-
cisco a* follows:
For Ketchtkan, Wrangel.
Juneau, Halnea, Skagway.
etc.. Alaska— 11 a. m., Sept.
IS. 23, 28. Oct. 3. Changs
to company's steamers at
Seattle
For Victoria, Vancouv^*
Port Townsend, Seattle, Tj.-
coma. Everett, TVhateom— 11 a. m.. Sept. 1*.
23. 28, Oct. 3. Change at Seattle to this com-
pany's steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry. ; at
Seattle for Tacoma to N. P. Ry. : at Vancou-
ver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka tHumboldt Bay) — Pomona. 1:30
p. m., Sept. 19. 25, Oct. 1; Corona. 1:30 p. m.,
Sept. 22. 2S. Oct. 4.
For Los Angeles (via Port los Angeles and
Redondo), San Diego and Santa Barbara —
Santa Rosa. Sundays, f> a. m.
State of California. Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles fvta San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara, Santa Cruz, Mon-
terey, San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford (Saa
Luis Obljpo). Ventura and Hueneme.
Coos Bay 9 a. m.. Sept. 22, 30. Oct. 8.
Bonita. S) a. m.. Sept. IS. M. Oct. 4.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jo»e del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz. Santa Ro-
salia. Guaymaa (Mex.). 10 . m.. 7th of each
month.
For further information obtain folder.
Right Is reserved to change steamers or sai»-
inr dates.
TICKET OFFICES — 4 New Montgom-
ery street < Palace Hotel). 10 Market street and
Broadway wharf.
Freight nfflce. 1»> Market street.
C. D. DL'NAX.V. General Passenger Agent.
If Market street. San Francisco.
O. R. 6k N. CO.
"Columbia" stalls Sept. 20. CO. Oct. 10, 2*\
."». "George "W. Elder" sails Fept. 23, Ocu
5. 15, 25. Only steamship line to PORTLAND.
OR., and short rail line from Portland to all
points East. Through tickets to all point*,
all rail or steamship and rail at LOWEST
RATES Steamer tickets include berth and
meals. Pteamer sails foot cf Spear st. at 11 a.
m. S F. BOOTH. Oen. Ast. Pass. Dept.. t
Montgomery St.; C. CLIFFORD, Gen. Agt. Frt.
Dept., 3. Montgomery ;st.
AMERICAN LIKE.
NEW YOKK-SOrTHA.MPlu.N- LONDON.
St.Lnuis Sept. .TO. 10 am [Phi!a.. Oct. 14. 10 «m
N. York. Q>-t. 7. lOam ISt.I-ouis.Oot 21 10 am
ATLANTIC TSASSPOST LINE.
New York — London Direct.
Mlnapls.Sept. 21, 9 am Masana. Oct. 10. 9. am
Mlnhaha.Oet. 3, 3 pm Mintka.Oct. IT. 1:30pm
Only First-Class Passengers Carried.
DOMI2UOJT illTB.
Boston — Queen stown — Liverpool.
Xew England. ..Oct. 1 ICumnvnwealih.Ott. 22
Mayflower Oct. S|New England. .Oct. £>
Columbus>(new).0?t. 15>MavRowcr Nov. "»
Montreal — Liverpool — Short sea passage.
Kensington Sept. 12lDominion Oct. lt>
Canada Sept. 2f' Kensington Oct. IT
Southward Oct. Si
Boston Mediterranean wrect
AZOnES-GIBUALT.\n-.VJlPLES-r,ENOA.
Caaibroman Sat., Oct'31, D«c. 12
Vancouver Sat. .Oct. 10, Xov. 21
BED STAB LINE.
Haw Yori — Antwerp — Parli.
Kroonlnd.Spt.2b. lOam I Finlanrf.Oct. 10. 10 am
Zeeland.Oct. 3. H> am 1 Varlerlnrt.Oct.17.10 am
WE3TE STAS Z.ZNE.
Hew Tori — Qneenstown — Liverpool.
Sailing Wednesdays and Friday*..
Cymric. Sept. 25.S ami Arabtc.Oct.'2.' 2:30 pm
Victorian. Sept. 2S>. noon| Germanic. .Oct. 7." noon
Teutonic. Sept. :a>. noon » Cedrtcr. ..Oct.' 9. 7 am
C. D. TA\IX>R. Passenger - Agent. -Paclflc
Coast. 21 Post St.. San Francisco. .
OeeanieS.s.co.E?°S
S. S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu, Sept. 2n.ll. a.m.
S S. VENTURA, for Honolulu. .Samoa. Auck-
"land and Sydney. Thursday. Oct. . *»._2 p.- m.
S. S. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Oct.- 2i>. H a m.
a.snEcms&8ios.c9 n i|t3..T]ditcnb,e43S2mts
Fn$i8i&i.221 EarbtSLRerla. 7. J>a±"x SL
CCXPAGSTE GENERALS TSANSATLAXTIQCS.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. mti-Tm.
yalhr.j; every Thur«Jny nFt^J of
Saturday, at Id a. m.. from Pier 42. •*oflS» f
North River, foot of Morton st. .
First -class to. Havre. $"o nnd upward. Pec-
ocd-class to Havre. $45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson BuU.tlng).
New York. J. F. FUOAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents, o Montgomery avenue, San Francisco.
Tickets sold by el) Railroad Ticket Agents.
Mare Island and Vallejo Steamer*.
Steamer GEN. FRISBIE >r MONTICELLO^
0:45 a. m.. 3:15 and &:?•*> p. m.. eicept Sunday.
Sunday, 9:45 a. m., 8:30 p. m. Leave Vallejo.
7 a. m., 12:30 noon, 6 p. m.. ex. Sunday. Sun*
day. 7 a. m.. 4:15 r>. m. Fare. 50 cents. Tel.
Main 15CS. Pier 2. Mission-it, dock. HATCH
BUM,
THE EMPOBIXJM. i | THE EMPORIUM.- | THE EMPOBITTM.
Concert to- f *. * ur Winter
night at i^lf£^f10OUUM^ Catalogue
n 1 A CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST- M "^""^ . _ ff A
-^B^Ii^B^^JtMERICA-S GRANDEST STORE
(FS^ $1.QB to $2*$$& Shirts
L J On Sale Saturday - - 1^r«#S^
/^^^U^ To close out several hundred colored j
Shirts to-day; shirts :
/;iff * • * i. * - '. [Vf.'/C^ from one of the best makers in United States that were '
A/^V//'/ .h^ to sell from $1.00 to $2.00 each— shirts of j
l-'im '•'•''•' /-VjlU^V wn i cn we have not all sizes in each line, but every size ;
'O^tj'-VL '**£• ' 'j£y&^S excepting 16 in some of the lines. We place <&& ff*\
N^^^^^^^T.v/ them on sale to-day at far less than the cost \
-I °^ e m2iiieYl^ s^' eac^ —*-**%*¥ :
W'M //W^S^r This is the biggest Shirt bargain ever offered in San ¦
/ 'lit /. >y y 'fs*/ . . - °° ° M
> o<££/ Francisco*
Men's Neoknear, ISo $5 '°l?. h H ? t °?J s 3 ' 95
50c, 75c and $1.00 Values Shoes for Men
rr . . r , t To-Day $3.95
To close out about 2000 pieces of men s neckwear; T . . m
r ........ In th= fourteen
four-in-hands and tecks. Made of fine quality silks by itvlei which we offer r?
a famous manufacturer of men's neckwear, on sale to- io -f*7 * : the ."""" JUt
¦ ordinary cut price ot fZ' 1
day, Saturday, at a fraction oj their f A^ S3.95 P« F a;r w = ffM >*
real worth- Each . . ;. i**** from a,*-^\
mmt oak ma na> mm : *¦» - er » V ' C1 kid, box calf a Jajp'fi {/ i\ / /y/X / /y^ti
SQg Half Hose, 25c *«™ <* *>*• fl * J£Mm£
Fancy lisle, silk and lisle, jacquard \veaves, plain J«ght weight ioie» or Al^-iA ¦£? dr£$&
and fancy, lace effects, fancy striped and figured mail y pu 'ar '»ryi«a ?i@§! jSL/'w^^
half hose, made to sell at 50c pair, a very lar^e of toes. &^^5 J&$&?$St
assortment to select from, *. Th:?e sho " ar= ti3pi&l? A&J
<o-day ".™™j&:
""™^^™" "™ «bm^^>^ (pecial price and sav: v " '^Z&f?/'
IP%» m M- g_ m m ' _• ' ' more than On; D o'-
nti9Oea untier— ¦ • . •«. unta cb»n S tim= tonight o o ez
wear, 50c &J.&O
Some excellently made garments, warranted two **TTfaG S&iiUfiSfoiJ i*\f**
thread, double elastic stitch, colors ecru and a _ ._ __ A *%
pretty shade of blue— shirts and draw- — n rail HatS are Ready
ers, each. .\. • • '• . ? • • • •' • • &BG The Kingsbury hats for men are posi-
= . tively the best $3.00 hats on the mar-
Merino Under- ket t0 - dav - The y are guaranteed to
awmxjrM BUBHjr <fc^0if»««jr0 wear one year. They are made in the same stylish and
rjU£*Z}B+ $1 *OO up-to-date blocks as the best $5.00 hats. The
9' *!*"***** newest Kingsbury's Derbies have a medium
This Merino Underwear for men is the beit mafle gar- fa]\ crown with flat edge cur!. The sof: hats are in
ment possible to obtain for One Dollar each. Vicuna, low crown cowboy effects and in new fedora styles,
gray, camel's hair, and gray ribbed wool, extra values, with raw edges — colors nutria, light 4$* "O f%^k
per garment $1.00 anc^ dark browns, pearls and black . ,*P^Fm%J%W
¦ ¦ ' ¦ A
Special Sale Goods ordered by mail or telephone will not be sent C. O. D.
XAA'AA WA^m'A^t 'A'A'A 'A'*.**'**'*'*'*'** H '<* A « '**'*"*'*'*'*'**'* a'rftfA** Wrfrttfttl "« 'rf «# A*4 A 'A'AA'AA'A "**** '+"*X*4t+*4?#*
ADVEETISEMEXTS.
Motherhood is woman's natural destJhy —
actual barrenness is rare — comforting
words to childless women.
Manv jromen are denied the happiness of children simply because of
some curable derangement of the g-enerative organs.
Amonj the many triumphs of L,ydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable
Compound is overcoming cases of supposed barrenness. Thousands of
children owe their existence to Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
pound. This great medicine is so vrell calculated to regulate every function
of the g-enerative organs that its efficiency in this respect is vouched for by
multitudes of women.
Nine Years Without a Child.
"Dear Mr?. Pinkham: — We had been married nine years and
never had children, and now vre have a little baby girl nineteen months
old, the joy of our life. She owes her existence to Lydia E. Pink-
ham's Vegetable Compound.
"Before taking Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound I
was a constant sufferer. I had pains in my back and sides, especially
before menstruation. I had doctored but received no benefit. Hearing
so much about the Veg-etable Compound I decided to try it, and after
taking six bottles was cured."— Mbs. T. H. Goulbey, 1223 Nevada St-
East Toledo, Ohio.
Kj£«ir«»vrtv Portrait of a Baby Girl Who
ytgt^&i A^>/?-'N\ Owes her Existence to Lydia E.
/v£Ps?$$\ % **£ *t^ \Pi n kham's Vegetable Compound
£j^^^^^^^jS&!^% " I)zAK Irs - Peckham : — I wrote
: T* to you snme time ago asking why 1
'^^^^^^^^^^-!j coul(i not ha . Te a chM - 1 explained
&ftsgkS&$J&& ** at * k ac * 4^P* acement °f e
*W3&^7Jj& •£*$ 1 }^ 0Tar ian trouble, and suffered
yVi^Vwith backache and headache. You
I^^^P^^S^^v'M \ \J]L v. 6^ 11 ? Ine a nice letter in reply
$2Jp$i^'v-^/^r "a K3\Vw & * v * n{ > me *^ instructions hov.
illlliia^VS' f ? iV«k eM^r* l0 trea P mv self, and in accord-
f -;> t^& XvflPk vM%i ance vritn vour directions I tool;
3^ • '~« X vwv H#iO vour Compound, and
@w l^^^8^'sAW : ' followed your kind advice faith
/!r^8P4 v^sMJ^nTV fuU y k 1 every respect, and now ]
vL /r^H Vi/ V; have a little girl, the joy of oxr
* k 0Ine - I never would have hac
* i b if vi$'~»^'* i¥iS! **w_.^* Si » m^ j^ a^y k. a 4 no^ )een f° r y ou^
\|ri\ /'^/^^^^^^^^ l "I cannot praise Lydia E. Pink-
lrt^W* v ham's Veg-etable Compound enough for what
TIm'iV nas don e for me. I hope other childless
>* * v women will see this letter."— Mrs. John Um£&
rAcxEa, 1111 Broadway, Cleveland, Ohio. \ ».- V- - : T . ., - .
Another Happy Case in Brooklyn. ~ -
" Deat. 31rs. Pixkhasi : — I -wrote to you a year ago telling you ol
my troubles. I had pains in the ovaries, menses were painful, and I
had never borne children. *
**_ You answered rny letter an t I followed vour advice. I was com-
pletely cured. Have just given t irth to a fine, healthy babe, and during
childbirth had a very easy time. — "•**-
" Lydia E. Pinkham's mediou es are a God send to women who want
to be mothers." — Mrs. Schultz, 12 Luzner St, Brooklyn, N. Y.
Many women whose letters we print were utterly discouraged,
and life licked all joy to thei l when they wrote Mrs. Pinkham
Lynn, >*c-s., without charge of any kind. They received advii
v.rv^ - "^c 4««?>i strong, usef ll women again.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TO FIND A PERFECT LAUNDRY
Don't let It escape you. Bring us one
bundle of your fine linen and we will
launder it in suth a manner as to show
you what high art in the laundry line
means. Perfect color, beautiful finish, no
saw edges and your garments sent home
in the pink of condition. We have raised
our laundry work to an art. and we keep
it up to the highest standard.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
orriCE 1004 market street,
Near Powell.
Your Nerves
Furnish the motive power of the en-
tire bodv Dr. H'iiles* Nervine wil!
keep the nerves strong and healthy
or restore their strength if weakened.
8old on ruarantee Write for free book on
nervous diM-ases
Or Mile* Meoicaj. Cn. r*ti.».-— .. i-,,?
CCHORXLH<ZA AN3 rBIJTAET S1SCHAS3Z3L
£a& HI By JEfira jSst
A CURE IN AS HOURS.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
Great Mexican Remedy; gives health and
strength to «exua! organs. Depot. "T.t Market
OCEAN TEAVEL.
TQYO RISEN KAISHA,
(ORIBNTAL. STEAMSHIP CO.>
Steamers will leave wharf, corner First and
Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.. for YOKOHAMA
and HONGKONG, calling at Kobe (Hlogo).
Nagasaki and Shanghai, and connecting at
Hongkong with steamers for India, etc. No
cargo received on board on day of sailing.
S. S3. NIPPON MARU
Thursday. October 15. 1003
g. S. AMERICA MARU
Tuesday. November 10, 1903
S. S. HONGKONG MARU
Thursday, December 3, 1003
Via Honolulu. Round trip tickets at reduced
rate?. For freight and passage apply at Com-
pany's office, 421 Market street, corner Firtt.
W. H. AVERY. Central Annt.While performing a critical operation a few days
ago a Kansas physician dropped dead at his task.
One can hardly conceive of a more dreadful, awe
inspiring lesson of the uncertainties of life than this
told of a man battling for another's, life and being
robbed of his own . "
of a recent case attracted. the world.
To the ordinary observer who follows the bloody
course of Russian atrocities perpetrated upon the
Jews it seems self-evident that Russia, : gross, semi
civilized and uncouth, is simply brutal in her crimes,
sweeping her victims tcTdeath in savage rage. Yet
in another, field the criminals of the Czar offer a still
more dreadful suggestion in the refinement of fiend
ishness which has prompted them to use poison, the
weapon of the cunning and cowardly. The horror
EVER since he entered the Department of Agri
culture Secretary Wilson has sought to bring
about such a development of our rural indus
tries as would enable us to produce at home every
commodity possible to the temperate zone that is
now imported from abroad. To that end he has
again and again suggested to American farmers the
expediency of undertaking the raising of goats. At
his request Secretary Cortelyou of the Department
of Commerce and Labor has had statistics compiled
showing the extent - f our imports of goat skins and
the amount of profit that might be obtained by men
who would raise the goats at home. The showing is
to the effect that we are now annually importing goat
skins to the value of $25,000,000.
A statement upon the subject recently issued. by
the Bureau of Statistics shows that importers are
ransacking the four quarters of the earth to obtain
the skins needed for manufacture. They are brought
in large quantities from India, China, Arabia and
Russia. The skins are used not only for the manu
facture of gloves, but for a certain style of shoes
which are coming more and more,,into use in this
MORE GOATS WANTED
Venturesome promoters have on hand a scheme to
induce American farmers to emigrate to Cuba. One
would think that the American farmer has troubles
enough of his own without seeking to force upon him
an environment that will make life altogether unbear
able.
Edward has tact, experience and a fine capacity for
saying and doing the rrfht sort of thing at the right
time. His prompt dismissal of the guard in Ireland
was a striking illustration of his quickness to seize
an opportunity for making friends. This^ capacity
serves him well, and as a consequence he is rapidly
becoming a real as well as a titular King. It may
even be that circumstances will so shape themselves
in Great Britain that a King's party will grow up
and make him in fact as well as in name the ruler of
This unexpected revival of kingcraft in Britain is
due mainly to the abnormal condition of the politics
of the kingdom. There is neither a strong Ministry
nor a strong opposition. Neither in the Lords nor in
the Commons is there a man who has the confidence
of the country or even of Parliament to a degree suf
ficient to enable him to govern without the favor of
the King. Indeed it is quite probable that at the
present moment the British people have more confi
dence in the King than in his Ministers and are
heartily glad to have him undertake the direction of
affairs. . "^ -.
KING EDWARD continues to surprise the
world by new exhibitions of a determination
to assert every royal prerogative that belongs
to him. From the day he ascended the throne he
made it plain to all that he did not intend to be a
figurehead. As each new occasion has offered him
an opportunity to manifest his will in the Govern
ment he has been prompt to take advantage of it,
and so sagaciously has he managed to combine firm
ness with suavity that the British public, ever jealous
of aggressions on the part of the crown, have greeted
each successive move with a burst of genuine ap
proval.
. It now appears that the King has assumed a large
share in the direction of foreign affairs and that his
tours abroad, with visits to Portugal, Italy, France
and Austria, were not mere matters of royal cere
mony. So, too, the Irish visit was an affair of high
politics and not a holiday jaunt. The most remark
able evidence, however, of the King's determination
to take an important part in the government of his
kingdom and his empire is noted in the attitude he
has taken toward the reconstruction of the Balfour
Cabinet. The Prime Minister has been summoned
to the presence of the King at Balmoral, and it is in
the royal palace that the issues at stake have been
most earnestly discussed and the comparative merits
of available candidates for the Cabinet most care
fully studied.
EVERY INCH A KIlSfG.
Townsend's California glace fruits and
candies. 50c a pound, in artistic flre
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friend3. 713 Market St.. above Call bldg. •
The latest cure for internal cancer re
ported in England 13 a tablespoonful of
molasses four or five times a day.
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by th«
Pi/ S3 Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1042. •
THE HONORABLE NOBLE HAM
ILTON, one of the foremost of the
pioneer jurists of California, died
at 2 o'clock yesterday afternoon
at his home, 1313 Washington
street, in this city. Last Saturday he was
suddenly stricken with an attack of heart
failure and succeeding pneumonia, added
to his advanced age, caused his death,
which was painless.
Thus passed one of the veterans of the
California bench whose influence was
widely felt in the just administration of
the laws of the State. Born near Law
renceburg. Dearborn County, Indiana, on
February 14, 1822, Judge Hamilton ob
tained his education in the schools of his
native State and was admitted to the bar
in 1845. His father, William Hamilton,
had movedl to Indiana from Greensburg,
Pennsylvania, in 1S12, during the war with
Great Britain, and there married Helen
Frances Sparks, daughter of Elijah
Sparks, famous through the middle west
as a pioneer jurist and Methodist circuit
rider. Through the Sparks family Judge
Hamilton was related to Governor Durbin
of Indiana. When the war with Mexico
was- declared Noble Hamilton promptly
enlisted, and was commissioned a second
lieutenant In Company K, Fourth Indiana
Volunteers. He served under General
Winfleld Scott in the march from Vera
Cruz and in the fierce fighting around the
City of Mexico, filling the position of
quartermaster and being given the title
of major, though never formally ap
pointed to that office.
On returning from the war In 1850 he
was elected treasurer and tax collector
of Dearborn County. In 1852 he was se
lected as a 'delegate to the National Dem
ocratic convention at Baltimore and par
ticipated in the nomination of Franklin
Pierce.
When his term of office expired he
started for the Pacific Coast, leaving New
York on July 15, 1S53. Coming by way of
the isthmus he reached California in Au
gust. Though he had the position of clerk
of the Washington Territory Circuit Court
he decided to remain here. After making
a tour of the mines he settled In Alvara
do, then the county seat of Alameda
County, and there began the practice of
the law,, first in partnership with Joseph
Combs and then with J. B. Townsend.
He was married in December, 1S54, to
Miss Lydla D. Marston, daughter of Cap
tain Jotham Sewell Marston of Maine.
Seven children were born of this union,
three of whom survive.
In 1S59 Judge Hamilton moved to San
Leandro, which had become the county
seat, and in 1863 Governor jLeland Stan
ford appointed him County Judge, to suc
ceed Judge John A. Lent, deceased. At
the succeeding election Judge Hamilton
was duly elected to his place on the bench
as the candidate of the Union party. He
resigned, however, before his term ex
pired and engaged in mining and the prac
tice of his profession.
He followed the county seat to Oakland
in 1871, and in 1SS1 Governor George C.
Perkins appointed him Superior Judge.
The next year he was nominated for the
position by the Republicans without oppo
sition, and though it was the year of the
famous Democratic tidal wave and though
Governor Stoneman carried Alameda
County by nearly 400, Judge Hamilton
was elected by 2800 majority. In 18S6 he
was Republican candidate for Justice of
the Supreme Court, but was defeated by-
Jackson Tem;>le. .—
Refusing: a renominatlon as Superior
Judge, he came to San Francisco in 18SS.
He had been on the bench 14 years and in
all that time but two of his decisions had
been reversed by the Supreme Court. The
last years of his life were spent in this
city in the practice' of his profession. He
retained his mental vigor to the last On
Wednesday Governor Pardee appointed
him a notary public, but the commission
did not reach him during life. He was a
member of Live Oak Lodge of Masons.
So passed . a man who had a host of
friends all up and down the State. Sur
viving him are his widow, a eon, William
B. Hamilton, Deputy Collector of Cus
toms, and two daughters, Mrs. .Edward H.
Hamilton and Miss Nettle Hamilton. The
funeral will be held at 1:3d o'clock to-mor
row afternoon from the late home. The
interment will be In the family plat at
Mountain View Cemetery. '
DARMSTADT. Sept. 23.— The Czar, the
Czarina and their children arrived here
to-day and met with a hearty reception
from the Grand Duke Ernst of Hesse-
Darmstadt, brother of the Czarina, and
the public.
Welcome to Royalty.
BERLIN, Sept. 25.— The German Orien
tal Society says the concession granted to
Americans at El Ibrahim, "amid the rulna
of Babylon, as the Americana assert," i ;
not really in the north of Babylon, but
at another place of the same name north
east of Babylon. The German Society
avers that it holds the Sultan's firman,
granting it exclusive excavating rights in
the city of Babylon.
Net Really in the North of
Babylon.
Declare Concession to Americans Is
GERMAN ORIENTALISTS
CLAIM EXCLUSIVE BIGHT
THE CALL invites careful study of its dissec
tion of the proposed sewer system for which
a bond issue of $7,250,000 is asked. The
growth of the city makes imperative this enlargement
of our drainage facilities. It is no less imperative,
however, that the new system shall be perfect, else
the people will be worse off than they are now. As
the proposed issue is predicated on the plans of the
Board of Works it is highly necessary that those
plans be understood. By use of the map we have
published, and informed by the accompanying text,
the whole situation is revealed.
The plan proposes that the whole drainage of the
city be dropped to zero, that is to say to a level that
will earn* off the lowest drainage. To do this the
whole discharge is dropped so far below the datum
line of the city that the entire flow will be obstructed
by the tides entering the sewer and flowing to the
zero points. If they met there only the lowest drain
age the situation would not be so acute. But they
will meet, practically, the whole outflow of the city,
from the highest as well as the lowest levels. When
a high tide in the sewers, the sewage itself and the
storm water from the surface all meet, as they will in
the rainy season, there will be a condition that is in
tolerable. Every connection will be backed full of
sewage, pipes will burst and basements will be flooded
by the unpleasant fluid combination.
We call attention to this in time in order that the
city may not make an immense expenditure that will
harm instead of help. We have tried to make the
matter so plain that every man can study it for him
self. It is competent for engineers and experts to
give the public the benefit of their opinions and sug
gest remedies that will avert the serious conse
quences of what now appears to be a great mistake.
rica, who 13 now at Carlsbad, has
b«en offered and has declined the Colo
nial Secretaryship. Further pressure 13
teins brought to bear on him, urging him
to reconsider hia determination, but if
the forecast of hia friends is correct, he
will not accept. Brodrick has accepted
tiie Secretaryship for India and in the
event of Lord Milner not yielding to the
pressure the Duke of Marlborough, who
13 now Under Secretary for the Colonies,
will be offered the Secretaryship for the
Colonies. No definite announcement of
tb9 composition of the Cabinet is expect
ed before Monday at the earliest.
LONDON, Sept. 25.— The Associated
Press is able to state definitely
that Lord Mllner, the British
High Commissioner in South Af-
THE NEW SEWERS.
Ex-Judge Noble Hamilton Is
Called by Dea.h at Ripe
Old Age.
Marlborough Likely to Be
Named as Secretary
for Colonies.
DISTINGUISHED JURIST WHO
' PASSED AWAY IN THIS CITY
YESTERDAY.
The argument may have no effect upon the Cob
denitc who can see nothing in politics but the vir
tues of free trade, and who would willingly sur
render everything rather than his much-prized theory
of trade and industry; but there can be no question
of its essential soundness. If Britain is to maintain
her empire she must base it on something more than
a sentimental loyalty. She must provide a mutual
interest throughout all parts of the empire, and that
can be^done only by the adoption of some such policy
as that which has been propounded by Chamberlain.
WHILE British statesmen and the public
generally have been discussing the imposi
tion of a protective duty upon foreign goods
at British ports as a matter of economics, and have
opposed or supported it according as they deemed
it expedient or inexpedient from a monetary point
of view, a considerable class of British patriots have
defended the proposed policy as a matter of patriot
ism even while conceding that it might demand of
the people a heavy sacrifice.
One of that class of thinkers, Professor Cramb, has
recently contributed to the London Mai| an elabor
ate argument in favor of undertaking the sacrifice as
a part of the necessary cost of empire. He says Mr.
Chamberlain's policy is but a phase in a movement
which definitely announced itself not merely in indi
vidual politicians but in the English race toward the
close of the eighteenth century. The movement was
an outgrowth of protest against the folly which had
led to the loss of the American. colonies, and con
sisted in a steady progression' toward the establish
ment of the vast empire which now "exists. Cham
berlain's programme simply continues the imperial
movement, but the movement has passed from an
unconscious to a conscious stage of existence, or, as
the professor puts it: "From the state of self
consciousness as a nation Britain is passing into a
stage of self-consciousness as an empire." He adds
that Chamberlain's proposition is "his way of answer
ing the problem whether the twentieth century will
in its course knit more closely the ties of sentiment
which bind England and her colonies by adding to
those bonds the bonds of mutual interest and mu
tual fears."
_After declaring that the future of the world is to
the empires of the world, and that the surrender at
Yorktown is the greatest disaster in British history,
and, rightly understood, the greatest disaster in
America's history, ,he goes on to show that empire
can be obtained only by sacrifice. He says: "The
same power which three years ago made Pretoria
within easy striking distance of London will in the
immediate future place Wellington and Sydney
within easy striking distance of Berlin or St. Peters
burg, Washington or Tokio. But for two'or three
generations to come it means suffering, it means self
sacrifice, it means daring— such self-sacrifice as in the
time of Frederick Prussia underwent in order to es
tablish her claim to be a nation — it means sacrifice
and it means daring, unless the empire is to sink to
the rank of such protected, if interesting, nationali
ties as Belgium or Scrvia, and, sundering, accept in
its isolated fragments freedom as a dole from another
which in' the game of empire has better known how
to dare. It is as useless to appeal to the gallant lit
tle England which scattered Philip's few lumbering
ships as to appeal to the England of Eadwine. The
empire which ceases to advance has- begun to decline;
the empire which recedes is dead already."
Looking at it from the standpoint of a philosophy
of history, Professor Cramb maintains that the issue
of protection or free trade in Britain at this juncture
involves the larger historic issue of the continuance
•of the empire. He sees no reason to be sanguine
that the outcome will be in accord with the desires
of patriots, for, as he notes, the British people, when
confronted during the Boer 'war with the clearest
evidence of the inefficiency of their army, refused
even to listen to a proposition to put It on an effec
tive basis by resorting to conscription. He closes by
saying: "To the nation stern and high destiny then
presented a draft headed 'Conscription,' The nation
refused to indorse it; but, undeluded by our phantom
army corps, the same stem and high messenger, re
turning, presents the same bill, but headed now,
'Bread Tax.' Four years ago we answered in effect:
"Let us have not conscription, but a quasi-conscrip
tion.' If we answer now, 'Tax anything, but not
bread'; if we hugger-mugger once more and say,
'Not protection, but quasi-protection,' in what shape
do we imagine the messenger of fate will next re
turn?" ' • -
EMPIRE AND SACRIFICE.
A very wise Judge of Alaska has decided that in
the frozen domain of Uncle Sam in the north a dog
la distinctly and noticeably a piece of valuable prop
erty, 'it is strange how something that is emphat
ically a dangerous nuisance in one place may become
an article of value in another. San Francisco would
willingly make dogs a part of the export trade to
Alaska.
SATURDAY .SEPTEMBER 26, 1003
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAI^E, Manager
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator Will Connect.
Ycu "With the Department You Wish.
ITDLICATIOX OFFICE... Market and Third, S. F.
HDITOniAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Delivered by Carriers, 20 Cts. Per Week, 75 Cts.
Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cents.
Term* by Mali. Including Postage tCash With Order)-.
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday), one y«*r ' $18.00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday), 6 month! 4.OO
DAILY CALL — By Single Month 73c
SUNDAY CALL. One Tear 2.5O
WEEKLY CALL, One Year l.OO
f Dally... »8.SO Per Tear Extra
FOREIGN POSTAGE \ Sunday.. 4.15 Per Year Extra
I Weekly.. l.OO Per Year Extra
All poatmantcrs are authorized to receive
mibBcrlptlonft.
Eat&ple eopiem will be forwarded when requested.
Mall subscribers in ordering change of address should be
particular to give both NEW AND OLD ADDHESS in order
to Insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE.
1118 Broadway Telephone Main 10S3
DERKELKV OFFICE.
2148 Center Street Telephone North 77
C. GEORGE KROGXES9. Manager Foreign Adver
tising, Blarqnette Ilullriinjr. Chicago.
(Long Distance Telephone "Central 2619.")
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
JIOHTON E. CRAKE 14OO G Street, N. \V.
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEX II. SMITH 3O Tribune BnlldlnR
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. < A It I /I <»\ Herald Square
BRANCH OFFICES — C27 Montgomery, corner cf Clay, open
until 9:30 o'clock. 300 Htyea, open until 9:30 o'clock. 633
McAllister, ojhti until 9:30 o'clock. C15 Lark in. open until
8:30 o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2281
Market, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1096 Va
lencia. oi*n until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9
o'clock. NE. corner Church and Duncan streets, open
until 0 o'clock. NW. corner Twrnty-second and Kentucky,
op^n until » o'clock. 2200 Flllmore, open until 9 o'clock.
Under the title of "Taxation Without Bene
fit" there Is in this Issue a very able discussion
by the editor of The Call of San Francisco of
the policy of mortgaging all property In a
city for the purpose of a public utility that
can supply the needs of but a comparatively
small portion of the city. After calling atten
tion to the elastic meaning of th« term "pub
lic utilities," illustrated by the experience of
New Zealand, and, we may add. of old Eng
land, the article shows that the so called ad
vantages of municipal ownership are deceptive
and mostly due to unbusinesslike cr partial
accounting. In this respect v the article fully
sustains our contention that a correct analysis
of the accounts of any publicly owned and
operated' industry will show that no economic
gain whatever has been made that is due to
such ownership and operation. When such
gains appear they are the result of failure to
charge fully all costs of ownership and opera
tion and relieving the utility from charges and
exactions which are imposed upon the privately
owned and operated utilities with which com
parisons are made.
After making these statements the editor of
The Call dlscu.«ses the policy of mortgaging
all the property of a city for the purpose of
owning and operating a utility that can ben
efit but a small portion of the city. In doing
this the point is made that such a policy must
lead to "confiscatory taxation." In this con
nection the statements are made that "the
taxation of one man only for S. benefit he does
not share, nor need to share. Is a violation of
hla rights, which, tolerated, may In other mat
ters be indefinitely extended so that large
masses of taxpayers may be involved in con
fiscation. The Independence of our people be
gan in a protect against taxation without rep
resentation. Is not taxation without benefit.
or the possibility of benefit, as bad. or worse?"
We contend that the bonding of a city for
the purpose of a public service utility is not
only an Improper use of the taxing power, but
that it Is wholly unnecessary. Such an under
taking should be handled purely as a business
preposition. If the property. Its franchise,
grant of power to use public rights of way, in
come, etc., la not sufficient security for the
bonds to be issued on account of the utility it
is not a sound business proposition and should
not be undertaken. A correct construction of
the right to exercise the power of taxation
will forbid Its exercise for an unnecessary pur
pose, or for the purpose of establishing an In
dustry that must be sustained by taxation In
order to enable private users of Its services to
obtain the same at less than their entire and
true cost. When an Industry Is self-sustaining
its property, franchises and income will fur
nish ample security for all the funds required
for its ownership and operation. If bonds so
secured cannot be sold to advantage a govern
ment relaDses into a tyranny, pure and sim
ple, when It exercises its sovereign power to
compel the taxpayers to make investments that
sound business sagacity rejects as unsound.
This Is the point at which the shoe pinches.
Municipal ownership advocates are too shrewd
to rest their case upon its merits as a business
proposition. They know full well that the kind
of estimates and spread-eagle talk, such as
have recently been used In Cleveland to Induce
voters to vote bonds for a municipal electric
lighting plant, would not entitle them to a
moment's eerious consideration by men whose
business it Is to know the value of the securi
ties offered when credit is asked, public or pri
vate. To decline to make a public service
utility Relf-contained and self-sustained by
limiting its obligations to the securities created
by Its "own organization and operation is to
confers it to be an unsound business proposi
tion, and thus furnish an unanswerable reason
why the power of taxation should not be exer
cised for Its creation cr support.
Under the terms of its charter, the BoanT
of Supervisors of San Francisco has full
power, when authorized by a vote of the pecn"
pie, to condemn and take over for public ac
count any or all of the privately owned and
operated public utilities. When this charter
was granted by the Legislature its terms weie
hailed with joy by all municipal ownership ad
vocates, and predictions were freely made that
coon San ' Francisco would furnish examples
o' successful municipal ownership that would
make further trips to Glasgow unnecessary.
But the people" of San Francisco are realizing
that the Board of Supervisors has other busi
ness to do besides acquiring and operating
public service utilities. They are critically ex
amining the business capacity shown in the
management of the business with which the
board is already burdened, and. finding it In
competent to handle that business efficiently,
the people do not regard proven inefficiency
as a good argument for Intrusting the board
with additional responslbilltips, and are with
holding their authorization to undertake the
ownership and operation for public account of
any of the public service utilities. The city of
Cleveland appears to be the only place where
voters are judged to be sufficiently under con
trol of municipal ownership oratory to be ex
pected to accept want of time as a valid ex
cuse for blunders in a department the head of
which is devoting much time and energy in
proving to the people that he has not enough
to do. and therefore is perfectly competent to
manage a municipal electric lighting plant in
addition to his duties as superintendent of the
city waterworks. #In private business an in
crease In the responsibilities of an Incompetent
or overburdened manager Is an unknown prop
osition. But then, private business must be
self-sustaining or discontinued. It cannot ex
act support from taxpayers. This accounts for
the lack of sound business methods in public
work. -
PUBLIC UTILITY BONDS.
The discussion of municipal ownership
of public utilities is at this time oppor
tune. The editorial comment on the ques
tion which follows was made by Public
Policy, a high-class journal of Chicago,
which devotes itself to a correct under
standing of public questions and to the
development of good citizenship. The com
ment of Public Policy is based upon an
editorial in The Call and »was published
on September 19, 1903. as follows:
It is a cold business proposition. The city pro
poses to go into business, and the taxpayers should
compel it to do so in a purely business way. All of
the fervid talk about the good example it will set to
the private roads has no application to the matter
after all. If it set such an example it will be only
by starting right and making the city's railroad busi
ness carry its own cost without putting any upon
the taxpayers.
Now it is to prevent this that we demand that it be
made impossible to put any burden incident to the
business of street railroading in this city upon the
taxpayers. If the city is to go into that business
compel it to do so just as a private owner would, by
making the plant support the cost of its acquisition
and administration. It is the only guarantee the
people can have that the business will be properly
administered. The Examiner admits that the cost
of public administration will be greater than under
private or corporate management of the same busi
ness. If this admitted increase in cost cause a de
ficit it should not be put upon the taxpayers of the
whole city, but should be borne by the road and met
cither by increasing fares or economizing expenses,
or by the issue of more bonds, just as a private owner
would meet it.
THE policy of public ownership of utilities is
brought sharply before the taxpayers of San
Francisco in the proposition to make the
Geary-street Railroad bonds a lien upon the city, to
be paid by the taxpayers, instead of a lien upon the
road itself, to be paid by those who need the use of
it. As far as the latter are concerned they have the
road now and enjoy its use at the same fare they
would pay were it owned by the city, and the pri
vate stockholders have to stand the losses incurred
in its operation, if there be any.
The (fall has voiced the sentiments of the wise ad
vocates of public ownership who desire that honesty
and business principles shall be enforced in the ad
ministration of business plants under such owner
ship by insisting that* no bonds therefor be made a
lien on the city, but that they shall be made a lien on
the plant alone. It is so plain a business proposition
that no one has attempted to answer it. The-Ex
aminer glows with descriptions of the plant the city
will put in, which is to furnish all the luxuries of
travel and many of the comforts of home, but it ha,s
not ventured to say that the city cannot do all these
things equally as well if the bonds are a lien on the
road only.
Supporting our contention we have the experience
of every city and of every country in the world
that has experimented with public ownership.
Whether the Government be strongly bureaucratic,
like Germany; autocratic, like Russia, or a repre
sentative democracy, like our American cities, on a
self-governing colony of Great Britain, like Australia
and New Zealand, the result has been the same.
In 1888 the colony of New South Wales, in Aus
tralia, went into the railroad business. The Minister
of Railways soon began complaining of the ineffi
ciency and disloyalty of the employes and the public
of the decreased efficiency and the increased cost
of the service. An attempt was made to have the
administration of the public railways non-political,
under civil service. This policy, though required by
law, was frustrated by the influence of the employes
upon members 01 Parliament, who required their
votes. Mr. Shiels, Minister of Railways, paid that an
expert manager brought out from England found the
railroads of Victoria disorganized, the administration
torn by internal jealousies, and was finally com
pelled to abandon hope of making things better and
resigned and went home.
In the Victorian Parliament the employes pro
moted a measure to greatly increase their wages,
and during the debate a member, Mr. Bennett, said:
"I know there are thousands of men who are far
worse off than those whose pay we are asked to in
crease, and I know the country- cannot 'stand the ex
penditure, but still I am not going to be a fool, and
if this raise go to a division I will vote for it."
This meant that he desired to retain his seat in
Parliament and his place in -politics, and to do so
must seek votes by supporting a measure that he
admitted was inimical to the interests of the coun
try! The polony bonds bought or built the roads,
and the loss in running them was charged off to the
taxpayers, so that the thousands of men who were
worse off than the employes whose wages were raised
by legislation had to stand further burdens in in
creased taxation. By 1899 the railroad deficit
amounted to $17,830,000. Yet the service was poor
and its cost, to those who used it, higher than on
the railroads of the United States.
In New South Wales the railroad administration
reported a surplus of $160,000 for the year 1897-98,
But an expert examination showed a deficit for the
year of $940,000, which had been charged off to the
taxpayers. The effect of such management of the
Australian roads has been to largely increase wages
in the less skilled departments, where the voting
employes are numerous, and to reduce the pay of
the skilled and especially of the expert managers.
The result is a poor service at a high cost. First
class men in administration cannot be had in the
positions that tell in management, and those that do
hold them are permitted to conceal their failures by
putting deficits on the shoulders of the taxpayers.
BONDS FOR A
PUBLIC SERVICE
ARE DANGEROUS
country. . By reason of the enlarging demand the in
crease of the importation of skins has been very rapid
of late years. Thus the statistics show that in 1885
the value of goatskins imported was about $4,000,000;
by 1890 it had grown to $9,000,000, by 1898 it was
$15,000,000, in 1900 it was $22,000,000 and in 1903
$25,000,000 in round numbers.
To meet the increasing demand American farmers
are doing very little. A summary of the report of
the bureau says: "The census of 1900 showed the total
number of goats in the United States to be less
than 2,000,000 in number, and when it is understood
that the skins of probably 20,000,000 goats were re
quired to make the $25,000,000 worth imported last
year it would be seen that the supply from the United
States could have formed but a small share of the
total consumption. Yet the fact that a large share
of our supply of this important import comes from
India, China, France and Mexico suggests that there
are large areas in the United States which might
produce goats successfully and in sufficiently large
numbers to supply the entire home demand."
EMINENT
JURIST IS
SUMMONED
PUBLIC UTILITY BONDS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 26, 1903,
BLENHEIM
DUKE MAY
BE CHOSEN
YOUNG NOBLE WHO MAT BE- I
COME MEMBER OF BRITISH '
CABINET. j
6
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
SPLIT, BRITTLE, DULL HAIR.
All Come From Dandruff, Which Is
Caused by a Germ."
Split 3 hair, hard hair, lusterless hair
brittle hair, falling hair, all owe their
origin to dandruff, which la caused by a
measly little microbe; that burrows into
the scalp, throwing up the cuticle into
dandruff scales and sapping the vitality
of the hair at the root, causing the sev-
eral dfseased conditions of the hair till It
finally falls out. Modern science has dis-
covered a remedy to destroy the dandruff
microbe, which is combined In Newbro's
Herpiclde, the delightful hair dressing
Allays itching Instantly and makes hair
soft as silk. Take no substitute: nothing
"just as good." Sold by leading druggista
Send 10c in stamps for sample to The
' iierpicide Co.. Detroit. Mich.
¦jMceoeoeajoKcecececeajcececececeascecs^
The Only Thing That
f Interests Everybody
DID you ever stop to realize what it is in life that really interests
you the most — outside of eating, sleeping and being merry, of
course?.. Is it the mock heroics, the polished gentility of a dead
¦ and gone age, or isn't it life itself — tense, eager, puisating life — the very
• things that the other fellow does that you do yourself? Just take note
; of the following:
:.„ "The job of front-end brakeman on a mountain division is no great
• stake for a man ordinarily, but it was one for me just then. We knew
! when we went into the superintendent's office that somebody was to get
• fired; the only question was who — the train crew or the operator? Our
• engine crew were out of it; it was up to the conductor and to me. Had
: the operator displayed red signals? The conductor said no. I said no.
i the operator said yes, but he lied. We couldn't prove it; we could only
• put our word against his; and, what made it the worse for me. my con-
¦ ductor was something of a liar himself.
• "I stood beading in a cold sweat, for I could see with half an eye
j it was going against us. The superintendent, an up and up railroad man
: every inch and all business, but suspicious, was leaning the operator's
! way the strongest kind.
; * "There wasn't another soul in the little room as the three of u»
: stood before the superintendent's desk."
; There's a situation which at first blush might seem ordinary enough.
: but— is it? Perhaps you've been in the same fix yourself. It is not new,
• "but it always will be to the man who has the experience for the first
• time, and oh. what awful possibilities it portends. It is a situation that
! every man who works constantly stands in awe of. Can you etiess how
; it came out? No. But you want to know. Of . course you want to
I know. That is the curiosity — sympathy — or what you will that makes
: the lives of those about us— the real flesh and blood men and women we w
I all know — the most absorbing subject imaginable. You may denv this
: if you will, but there is not the shadow of a doubt that yot will look
• first for Frank H. Spearman's thrilling two-page narrative of 'The
! Trainmaster's Story" in the next Sunday Call. It is the second in this
: remarkable series.
: ." Of course you're reading "LeeTVnd Leaven," by E. W. Townsend,
• the famous author of "Chimmie Fadden," which is nothing short of a
j ten strike even in the Sunday Call's comprehensive literary policy of giv-
: ing you the best novels of the day by the very best writers in the world.
I And then there are the two full pages of "Half-Hour Storiettes,"
: the most fascinating literary craze of the hour. And there is also "The
• "Philanthropic Whisper." by Edwin Lefevre.
; And of course you're reading Thojnas Fitch's "Recollections and
; Reflections of the Bonanza Kings Who Put a Girdle of Gold Around the
j World, and the 'Letters of a Self-made Merchant to His Son" and the
: "Oracle of Mulberry Center" and"Why Good Men Go Wrong." bv "The
• Parso i!-, ?? d the "Dainty Maid." by Colonel Kate, and "When a Bach-
I elor Girl Marries, bv Madge Moore, and "Talks to Parents on the Train-
; ing of Children by William J. Sherer. A.M.. Ph.D.. and "Preferential
: Tariffs, by Sir Henry Seton-Karr, C. M. G.. M. P.. and "The Victories
; of Peace, by George A. Maxwell, chairman of the National Irrigation As-
: sociation that has iust held its convention in Ogden. Utah, and the
I "Fables for the Foolish." etc.. etc.
: And have you seen the cats? Funny, aren't they? There's more of
: them next Sunday. Don't miss those "Me-ows of a Kitty."FINE NEW BRITISH SHIP SARAGOSSA THAT ARRIVED IN THIS PORT WITH A LARGE CARGO OF COAL
FROM NEWCASTLE. BEING ONE OF A FLEET OF FOURTEEN BIG VESSELS THAT PASSED IN THROUGH
THE GOLDEN GATE YESTERDAY.
Movements of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE.
LIVERPOOL — Arrived Sept 25 — Stmr Ar
menian, from New York; etmr Bohemian, from
New York; stmr Cedrlc, from New York, vU
Queenetown.
CHERBOURG— Sailed Sept 24— Stmr Kron
prinz Wilhelm, for New York; etmr Fuerst
Bismarck, from Hamburg and Southampton,
for lf%w York.
TORY* ISLAND — Passed Sept 23 — Stmr Si
berian, from Philadelphia, via St Johns, for
Glasgow.
¦ MOVILLE— Sailed Sept 25— Stmr Anchorla,
for New York: «tmr Tunisian, for Montreal
QUEENSTOWN — Arrived Sept 25 — Stmr
Campania, from New York, for Liverpool, and
proceeded.
NEW YORK— Sailed Sept 25— Stmr Cymric,
for Liverpool.
BROWHEAD— Passed Sept 25— Stmr Utopia,
from Boston, for Queenstown and Liverpool
21 BOULOGNE— Arrived Sept 25— Stmr Staten
dam, from New York, for Rotterdam, and pro
ceeded.
PORT LUDLOW— Arrived Sept 2&— Schx
John Q North, from Hueneme.
ISLAND PORT.
• HONOLULU — Arrived Sept 24 — Ship Marion
Chllcott, hence Sept 10.
Arrived Sept 25 — Jap stmr Hongkong Maru,
hence, Sept 19; ahlp James Nesmlth, from
Newcastle, NSW, •
. FOREIGN PORTS.
COLON— Arrived Sept 23— Stmr Saratoga,
from New York.
Sailed Eept 22— Stmr Seguranca, for New
Tork.
1QUIQUE — Arrived Sept 23 — Br ship Lons
dale, from Port Ludlow.
TENERIFFE— Sailed Sept 4— Ger stmr Tot
mes, for San Francisco.
MAZATLAN— Sailed Sept 24— Stmr City of
Para, for San Francisco.
SYDNEY— Sailed Sept 23— Br bark Zlnlta,
for San Francisco.
SHIELDS — Sailed Sept 24 — Br ship County
of Llnllthffowshlre, for Ban Franclaco.
ALGIERS — Arrived Sept 21— Br atmr Saga
mi, from New York, for Manila.
NANAIMO— Sailed Eept 25— Br stmr Wye
fleld, for San Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
October 1. I
Pomona.... Humboldt |l:30pPler 9
Rival Wlllapa Harbor .. 4 pm Pier 2
State of Cal San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 19
S.Monica.. Grays Harbor .... 4 pm Pler 2
Nebraskan.. Honolulu. v.Pgrt. S Pier 23
October 2.
Rainier Seattle & Whatcom i pm Pler 2
October 3.
Chico Coqullle River 5 pm Pier 2
Newport.... N. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Centennial.. Seattle & Taeoma.. 10 am Pler 2
Alliance Portland & Wy Pts 5 pm Pler 16
October C
O. W. Elder Astoria & Portland 11 am[Pler 24
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. £o«j Ball*.
Dolphin' Skagway St 'Way Ports. Sept. 26
City Seattle.. Skagway & Way Ports. Sept. 2<i
CityTopeka.. Skagway & "Way Ports. Sept. 28
Roanoke Nome & St. Michael... Sept. 28
Dii-igo Skagway & "Way Ports. Sept. 2S
Humboldt Skagway & Way Ports. Oct. 1
Ai-Kl Skagway & Way Ports. I Oct. 1
Jeanie Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Oct. 1
Cottage City. Swagway & Way Pts. Oct. 2
Senator Nome . . .,. Oct. 3
Ohio .' Nome & St. Michael... Oct. 8
Bertha Valdea & Way Ports.. [Oct. T
The 8hlpplnB firm of Piper. Aden. Goodall &
Co. haa purchased from the Stockton Improve
ment Company the raat river steamer Corcoran
and will place her on the route between Vallejo
and San Francisco about November 1 to oom
pete with Hatch Bros." eteamer General Fria
ble. The Corcoran is comparatively a new
boat and cost originally $130,000.
Purchases River Steamer.
John von Even, a 17-year-old boy, mem
ber of the crew of the ship Slam of Bre
men, was Instantly killed yesterday morn-
Ing by falling from the main topsail yard
to the deck, a distance of seventy-five
feet. Just prior to the accident Even was
engaged with other sailors In bending
Ball.
Sailor Boy Killed.
On November 4 a gTeat excursion party will
leave for the City of Mexico. Vestlbuled sleep
ers, dining-car, an interpreter and excursion
manager and sixty days for. sight seeing. Round
trip passage rate, $80. Berth, meals and side
trips extra. Return at convenience by regular
trains, stopping: at option to visit the Grand
Canyon of Arizona. Talk it over with friends,
then register and get literature at 613 Market
street. Southern Pacific, Santa Fe and Mexi
can Central. •
An Interesting Country and a Great
Excursion.
The powers of Mrs. Kate Moseley, as
guardian of Elva Tompkins, a 17-year-old
girl, were suspended by the Superior
Court yesterday pending an Investigation
Into her conduct as guardian. The sus
pension of Mrs. Moseley is due to the
filing of a petition by Miss Tornpfc^ns in
which she charges that her guardian has
abused her trust.
According to the^ petition Mrs. Moseley
has given her son, Frank Moseley, a gen
eral power of attorney over the estate of
her ward. Miss Tompkins says that
Moseley has used it to further his own
ends and has made out for himself a bill
of sale of a one-half interest in the small
store that comprises her estate. She says
that she has received nothing from him
for her interest and says that Moseley
has not given a cent to his mother on her
account. Miss Tompkins also says that
the Moseleys have taken her from school
and have informed her that she must
seek employment.
Elvn Tompkins Claims Sirs. Xata
Moseley Is Not Taking Good
Care of Her Interests.
GIEL ACCUSES GXTABDIAN
OF ABUSE OF H£B TRUST
It appeared from the evidence that the
complainants had bought 150,000 shares at
10 cents per share and after the report
had been published they were offered
from $1 to $1 60 per share for the stock.
In the suit filed by Senator Sanders of
Montana and his partners, J. V. Sanders
and Louis V. Sanders, of the same State
against Maitland B. Graves the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals has af
firmed the judgment of the lower court.
The suit was brought In the District
Court of Montana to recover $25,000 from
Maitland E. Graves for professional ser
vices. The evidence was to the effect that
the complainants were instructed by tele
graph to report on the Ruby mine In
Montana and they sent an expert to do
the work. The attorneys forwarded their
report as requested, but Graves refused
to pay the fee on the ground that It waa
excessive. The Jury' In the Montana court
gave the Sanders party Judgment for
$4000 and this Judgment has been affirmed
by the appeal court.
Judge Morrow In delivering the opinion
of the court said:
• "It Is difficult to apply to such services
any fixed standard by which they may
be measured and their value determined,
as can be done with reference to services
purely professional. There is a tact and
skill and a happy manner with some per
sons which render them successful as
negotiators, while others of equal learning,
attainments and intellectual ability fall
for the want of these qualities. The com
pensation to be made in such cases is, by
the ordinary Judgment of business men,
measured by the results obtained. It is
not limited by the time occupied or the
labor bestowed."
Senator Sanders of Montana
Make3 a Big Deal in
j Mining Stock.
Judge Morrow Lays
Down Rule for Their
Measure.
TACT AND SKILL
GET LARGE FEES
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Steamer. From. I Due.
San Pedro Ban Pedro tSeiit 28
Mlneola Taeoma IIU'scSL" 2G
Chas. Nelson. San Pedro \Ser>t 2rt
Corona Humboldt ISentL 20
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford." bept. 20
Mackinaw.... Taeoma Sept. 27
Iaqua Humboldt ,...|sept" 21
Arctic Humboldt Sept"
Ccos Bay San Pedro & Way Pts' SeDt' 27
Phoenix Mendocino ' Sept "7
Columbia Portland & Astoria.]!' SeDt" 2T
R. Dollar San Pedro sem* %
Ve^ura.. Sydney & Way Ports.". Sept". 23
Doric China & Japan... Sent. "W
Rainier Seattle & Whatcom..!! Sept 23
Centennial... Seattle & Taeoma. Sent" y«<
Centralla Grays Harbor *"¦ slotl «'s
Rival Wlllapa Harbor . . '. " ' lentl »%
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way pu " a P {,, 53
Eureka Humboldt ....Sept &
Pomona Humboldt ISent* 9a
Argo Eel River Ports..;!" Sent! "9
City Puebla. . . Puget Sound Ports..." Sent! '*»
City Para New York via Panama SeDt! 30
Curacao Mexican Porta . - s*n£ nn
SontaRoea... San Diego & Way PtV Oct 1
Point Arena. . llghdocino & Pt. Arena Oe£ 1
Chlco Coqullle River... OcL 1
Bonlta Newport & Way Ports' OctT 1
Alliance Portland & Way Pu T Oct 1
O. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria.." Oct 2
Nevadan Honolulu X?r *
B.Portland,.. Portland & ABtorla"''rw I
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports cv£ 1
Nippon Maru. China & Japan....!!" oit!" n
J. Dollar Seattle & Taeoma. r&V 5
**n Jo«e New York via Panama. Oct 7
TO SAIL.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Friday, September 23.
Etmr Cilia., Norberf, 8 hours from Pigeon
roint. - \
Btmr National City, Hammer, 15 hours from
Fort Braj?g.
Btmr Coronado, Peterson, 70 hours from
Grays Harbor.
Stmr South Bay, Jamleson, '26 hours from
Eureka.
Stmr North Fork, Nelson, 27 hours from Eu
reka.
SANTA ROSA. Sept. 25.— Senator J. B.
Sanford of Ukiah. who passed through
this city this morning, stated that Im
mense forest fires are still raging in var
ious parts of Mendocino County and that
the heat caused by them Is oppressive.
The warmest weather of the season is
being experienced at the present time, and
emoky nights make it difficult to sleep.
There are large fires near Hopland, Ukiah
end Torkvllie.
A man never hesitates .to adopt new
devices for reducing his office work; why
should he put off buying a gas range for
doing the same thing at home? We sell
them for cash or on Installments. S. P.
Uas and Electric Co. •
Forest Fires in Mendocino County.
The British ehlp Balmoral i» chartered for
barley to Europe and the British ship Dundon
ald for wheat and barley to Europe. The Ger
man ship Nlobe. now at Blakeley, loads lum
ber there for Cork. U. K., at 51a 3d, chartered
prior to arrival.
The bark Alden Beue returns to Honolulu
with general cargo. ,_
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
NEWS OF. THE OCEAN.
Will Sail for Honolulu.
The steamer Alameda will sail for Honolulu
at 11 a. m. to-day from Pacific street wharf.
The Pacific Mail Steamship Company's
eteamer City of Sydney will sail for Panama
at 12 o'clock to-day from the dock at First
Will Sail for Panama.
Santa Clara Is Sighted.
The American ship Santa Clara is reported
to have been altfhted yesterday afternoon by
the FaralloneB station.
The Supreme Court decided yesterday
that Eunice "Westwater was not entitled
to damages from the officials of Grace
Church for having been dismissed at
?hort notice. It appears that ehe was en
gaged to elng in the choir in 1S93 on a
contract which provided that ehe would
rot leave nor could she be dismissed from
her position without a six months' no
tice. She was dismissed suddenly in 1S35
and brought suit for 110,000 damages for
elckncEs and humiliation, which were al
leged to have been caused thereby. The
Supreme Court holds that she should be
entitled to nothing beyond what she actu
ally lost by the breaking of the contract.
The Judgment of the Superior Court
was upheld in the guardianship case of
Mary E. Daniels. Mrs. Margaret Halpin
petitioned that the Union Trust Company
be made the guardian of Mrs. Daniels on
the gTound that the latter was incompe
tent. Her petition has been granted by
both courts and the bitterly fought con
test Is now at an end.
Eunice West-water Loses Suit for
$10,000 Damages Against Of
ficers of Grace Church.
SUPREME COURT ENDS
nrTERESTUJG DISPUTES
The chances for the arrival of the French
ship La Tour d'Auverene are daily growing
less Since her departure from Newcastle
about fourteen ships have arrived here from
that port, all having sailed since she did.
Chances for Arrival Are Poor.
The salmon ships from the north are now
almost all In. Five are lying- In tho harbor
and the American ship Standard, from Alaska.
Is reported off the Farallones. The value of
their cargoes runs way up into the thousands.
They will probably all dock at Sttmart street.
The majority of their cargoes will be im
mediately reshlpped to Eneland, although a
portion will so East by sail.
Salmon Fleet Nearly All Here.
Tho vessel* on the reinsurance list now
stand as follows: ArlstitJes. Caleta Buena
to San Francisco, 120 days out, 90 per cent;
Andora. from Baltimore to Iqulque, 156 daya
out. 60 per cent, an Increase or 10 per cent
since Thursday; La Tour d'Auver^ne, New
castle to San Francisco. 07 days out, 10 per
cent; Laurel Branch, Coronel to Punta Arenas,
o2 days out. DO per cent, an Increase of 10
per cent since Thursday; Catrina. Puget Bound
to Delatoe. Bay. 11* days out. 10 i>er cent;
Loch Long, New Caledonia to Clyde. 149 days
out, 35 per cent; Hoche. Taeoma to Table Bay,
118 days out. 15 per cent, a raise c-f S per
cent eince Thursday.
Be insurance List.
Gathering at Lyric Hall, Called by
California Club, to Hear Able
Speakers.
The California Club will hold a mass
'meeting to-night at Lyric Hall at 8 o'clock
In the Interests of the bond Issue, when
It Is announced the speakers will include
Bamuel Shortrfdge. W. Alford, P. H. Mc-
Carthy, G. B. Benham and Senator Know
lands. The last named will preside at
the reauest of Mrs. George Law Smith,
president of the California Club. The
vice cresidents of the meeting will In
clude:
Mrs. Lovell White. r>r*Tl<5ent Outdoor Art
I-^airue and of Serar>erv1rer.s Club; Madame
ITmelia Tojettl. Laurel Hall Club: Dr. Florence
Tf-mple. president Keith Parlcr. N. D. G. W.;
MJfc* nilra I). Keith. -1 an president >T. D. G.
\V.: Mr. McVoble, prar.d president M, 9. G. W.;
!>>»iB Byiwrton. past 1 resident N\ S. G. W. ;
Theodore Lur.stedt. secretary J«. fi. G. W.J
Jud*e B«-att3\ Captain Fleteh-r. Park Super
intendent McLaren. W, II. Mills: G. D, Ben
ham, president Labcr Council; L. M. King,
secretary Merchants' Association; Mrs. Flor
ence M&thepon, Wompn's Press Association ;Mri.
Jolin rarntiam, president Telcpraph Hill Com
mittee. Fcrty-flrth District: Mrs. Laura. Bride
Powers. eecr^-taxT IliFtorlcal Landmarks
I/«rue; 1'rs. L. Hertz, president of the Sa.n
Krarclfco branch of National Council of Jew
ish Wcraen; R. J. TnuFsle-. i>re*idor!t Mechan
ics' Institute; A. A. Watkln*. president Board
cf Tra-lc: Mrs. John Martin, Ktate FloraJ Asso
ciation: Mr. Keller; Andrew Davlp, vlee-preil-
Oent Merchant*' Association; I*. \V. Dohrmann
regent University of California; William
TTfaoxr.a*. ex-pr^-rident Water and Korp»t Asso
ciation; Mr*. Henry Tayot. president Forum !
Club; lire. Prnlrton, president Corona. Club;
Mrs. Eunace Cu!!inan. president Mission Park
Association, and F. J. Fyir.mes, president Mer
chant*' • Association.
TO SUPPORT BOND ISSUE
AT HASS-JEEETING TO-NIGHT
From Alaska came three vessels, the
American ship Alex Gibson, the American
bark Reaper and the American bark Coal
inga. all heavily laden with salmon.
Besides these lying at anchor were the
French ship Ernest Reyer, British ship
Whltleburn, British ship General Roberts,
British ship Linfield, schooner James
Rolph, schooner General Banning and the
steamer Enterprise, besides a number of
smaller craft.
In all fourteen great ships, all heavy
laden with rich cargoes from different
parts of th© world, passed In through the
Golden Gate and came to anchorage,
awaiting: assignment to their respective
docks, where they will unload so soon as
berths are ready for them. In che fleet
were seven ehips from Newcastle; they
were: The British ship Saragossa, British
ship Normft, British ship Severnbank,
British ship Euphrosyne, British ship
Ernest Seigfred. British ship Andorinha
and British ship Kynance.
anchor, one by one, the mosquito
bunch of launches darted out from their
different boathouses to meet the deep
sea goers and for a while In the afternoon
the bay was actually alive with water
craft.
A BIG fleet of vessels arrived In
port yesterday. The ships are
new lying In the stream off
Meiggs wharf. As they dropped
The special session of the Grand Lodge
cf the Ancient Order cf United Workmen
closed its labors late yesterday afternoon
and the new plan of assessments preparod
by the Supreme Ledge was adopted by
a vote cQual to live to one.
At the morning session the grand body
after being caJled to crder by Grand Mas
ter Workman Crowning: again went into
committee of th<» v.holo for the purpose
cf the further consideration cf the very
Important quorticn. Grand Foreman Dun
ton spoke at .some length on the line of
adopting: a plan which had been presented
before the Supreme Lodge in 1S56. on the
ground that Its policy was a beneficial
ore 1 and not so radical as the one that
had been presented.
He was followed by Representative
Dag-g-ert, who offered a plan which he had
evolved and which Included the raising
cf a special tax for the purpose of wip
ing out the present indebtedness of the
national Jurisdiction and the collecting of
a rat* monthly which, he claimed, would
t>e adequate to nut all possibilities in the
xine of obligations in the jurisdiction of
t-'aliforr.ia. He occupied the greater part
3pf the morning session In the discussion
of his idea, but by the time he got
through an<1 statements had been made
by Past Supreme Master Workman Wil
son of Detroit. Mich.. It was apparent
that the proposed plan could not. under
the laws of the order, be carried to a suc
cessful issue, and it was made to appear
that the idea of 1ST<6 supgested by the
grand foreman as the logical conclusion
to be reached waa not acceptable for the
reason that after men reach the higher
ages the rates would be so high as to be
come prohibitive.
At the afternoon soeslon the committee
cf the whole rope and reported progress
through PaFt Supreme Master Workman
Jordan and recommended the adoption of
amendments necessary to carry Into ef
fect the Supreme Lodge plan as they
would be submitted by the committee on
laws. The matter then became the sub
ject of discussion by the Grand Lodge, on
e motion to adopt the proposed amend
'ments, which were read by Grand Re
corder Spencer, and which included the
plan of the Supreme Lodge to the level
rate and the classified plan, also the adop
tion of the guarantee fund as arranged
by the supreme body.
After discussion for some time the mat
ter was brought to a vote, with the re
cult that out of the thirty-six grand of
ficers, eight being absent, twenty-eight
voted in favor of the new plan and on
agairist. The vote of the representatives
was 2fiO in favor and 53 against.
After the announcement of the vote
Deputy Grand Master Workman Hirsh
berg moved the adoption of a vote of
thanks to Past Supreme Master Wilson
and in dofr.g so spoke in glowing terms
of Mr. Wilscr/s zeal for the order and the
gocd he had done for it in California by
placing the new idea In a light that it had
never before been placed. The motion
was seconded by Past Grand Slaster
I?arnes, Grand Foreman Dunton and Past
Grand Master Freeman, and when it waa
put it was carried by a rising vote and
three cheers for Wilson.
The new rates will go into effect on
January 1 next.
Representatives by Decisive
Vote Express Approval
' of the Raise.
Grand Lodge of Work
men Decides to Ac
cept New Rates.
SUPREME LODGE
PLAN ADOPTED
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographio Office. TJ. 8. N., Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco, Cal.,
September 25, 1903.
J The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day,
1. e. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
n m. Greenwich time.
J. C. BURNETT.
. ¦ << ; Lieutenant, 17. B. I?., la chary*.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Time and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height of
tide Is the same at both places.
SATURDAY. SEPTEMBER 26.
Sun rises 6:00 a.m..
Sun sets 0:02 p. m.
Moon sets 9:03 p. m.
O lTlme ITlme Time Time
» 1 Ft. 1 Ft. Ft Ft.
g |H W [L XV |H W( (L W
2<j 3:80 4.6 8:45 2.6 3:04 7.2 9:35 O6
27 457 4.4 9:50 2.9 3:57 4.9 10:57 0.7
28 6:06 4.4 11:07 8.1 4:59 4.7 11:58 0.7
29 7:11 4.5112:22 8.1 0:04 4.6
LW IHW LW HW
80 0:51 0.7 8:03 4.7 1:25 2.9 7:10 4.6
1 1:39 0.8 8:48 4.0 2:13 2.6 8:07 4.7
2 2:20 0.8 9:22 B.0 2:55 2.2 8:59 4.8
NOTE In the above exposition of tha tldea
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tide* of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time: the
fourth time column gives the last tide of tha
day except when there are but .three tides, as
eomVtlmta occurs. ¦ The heights given are la
ndditlon to the soundings of the United State*
Coast Survey charts, except when a mlnua ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference Is tha mean
of the lower low waters.
Steamer. Destination. saji,. Pler "
September 2&, " •""
Chehalls.... Grays Harbor .... t ..„, p,._ „
S. Portland. Astoria & Portland 1 pm Pilr •>
San Pedro.. Humboldt 10 £m P er a
Argo Eel River Ports... 4 £m ™*£ *
G. Llndauer Grays Harbor ... e?Sw.r J
Newburg... Grays Harbor .... 1 pS Pier 10
Czarina Coos Bay direct... 12 m Pier h
Mortara. ... Seattle & Taeoma.. 4 Dm p.., „
C. Nelson... Astoria & Portland 12 m Pi», 2
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena 4 pm Pier 5
Bonlta Newport Way Pts. 0 am Pier la
Eureka Humboldt .... A ... 9 im Pier 1 i
City Sydney N. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier Jo
Alameda. . . Honolulu a an, p \ll 7
J. Dollar. . . Seattle & Taeoma.. 10 am Pi»r o
September 37. * 2
*• *°" ¥£ y ° am »-.»
%%£*::: &«!&¦»
Queen...... ««g B«,»a Fdg. U am Pler $
Phoenix. . . . Mendocino City ... 1 pm Pler 13
Mlnnetonka New York d£ect Pler £j
Arcata Coos B.& Pt.Orford 10 am Pler 13
China...... China & Japan 1 pm Pier 40
Coronado... Grays Harbor. 4 pm Pler 10
September 30.
Arctic Humboldt . . . . 11 am Pier 2
Iaqua...i.- Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Columbia... Astoria & Portlandfll amlPler 24
Coos Bay... San. Pedro & Way. 8 am Pler 19
Stmr Enterprise, Miller, 9 days 15 hours
from Newcastle, NSW.
Ship Oriental. Wilson. 2S days from Naknek.
Ship Alex Gibson, Wayland. 2S days from
Bristol Bay.
Br ship Kynance. A'uld, 154 days from
Swansea.
Br ehlp Sarag-ossa, Steven, 70 days from
Newcastle, NSW.
Br ehlp Euphroeyne, Thomson, 69 days from
Newcastle, NSW.
Br ship Eerevnbank. Turner. 74 days from
Newcastle, NSW.
Br ship And'Tlnha, Nichols. 68 days from
Newcastle, NSW.
Fr Fhip Ernest Siegfried. Laurents, 70 days
from Newcastle, Aus.
Bark Coalinga, Gundereen, 25 days from
Bristol Bay.
Bark Reaper, Bergman, 24 days from Nak
nek.
Bark St Katherlne, Saundera. 36 days from
Hllo.
Bktn Irmgard, Schmidt, 18 days from Hono
lultl.
Schr Jae Rolph, Olsen, 25 daya from Ho
nolpu.
Scbr Marconi, Eplcer, 23 days from Lahalna.
CLEARED.
Friday. September 25.
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander, San Diego;
Pacific Coaet SteamHhlp Co. •
Btmr Bonlta, Alberts, San Pedro; Pacific
Coast Steamship Co.
Br bark Battle Abbey, Bryant, Port Town
send; J J Moore & Co.
SAILED.
Friday, September 25.
Btmr Geo W Elder. Randall, Astoria.
Stmr Pomona, Swanson, Eureka,
Etmr Lakme, Gllleepca, Eureka, with hark
Chas B Kenney In tow.
Stmr Grace Dollar, Olsen, Portland.
Etmr GlDsy, Iceland. Santa Cruz.
Etmr Santa Cruz. Gielow, Moss Landing.
Ptmr Asuncion, Brldgett, Redondo.
Ger stmr Luxor, Tlmmermann, Hamburg.
Br stmr Vermont, Haynes, Portland, Or.
Bark Chas B Kenney, Salveson, Eureka, in
tow stmr Lakme.
Bktn Arago, Semscn, Wlllapa Harbor.
Pchr Emma Utter. Allen, Coos Bay.
Schr Oceania Vance. Burke, Pugct Sound.
SPOKEN.
Per Br ehlp Saragossa, from Newcastle,
NSW— Sept 10, lat 44 1% N, Ion 135 19 W,
Fr ship Vllle de Mulhouse, from Hamburg,
for Port Los Angeles.
Per etmr South Bay — Sept 25, 2 miles N of
Duxbury Reef, bark St Katherlne, from Hilo,
for San Francisco.
Sept 6. lat 3 N, Ion 30 W. Ger bark Selena,
from Port Blakeley, for Hamburg.
Per Br ship Kynance, from Swansea — July
6, oft Cape Horn, Fr ship Socoa, from London,
for Ban Francisco; Sept 14, lat 40 11 N, Ion
139 42 W, Br 6hlp Crown of England, hence
Sept 7. for Port Tawnsend; Aug 28, lat 17 N,
Ion 128 31 W, Ger bark G D R M. from Falk
land Island, for -Seattle. I
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Eept 25, 10 p m— Weather
thick; wind SW, velocity 12 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC POUTS.
PORT BLAKELET — Arrived Sept 25 — Schr
Mlndora, hence Sept 11.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Sept 24—
Btmr Arlzonlan, from New York.
WESTPORT— Arrived Sept 25— Stmr Newa
boy. hence Sept 23.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Sept 25— Br
ship Brunei, from Honolulu; schr Salem, from
San Pedro; Ger ship Nlobe. from Antwerp;
Bchr John G North, from Hueneme.
Passed in Sept 25 — Stmr Ohio, from Nome,
for Beattle.
Sailed Sept 25— Oer bark Niobe, for Seattle.
Passed in Sept 23 — Stmr Senator, from Nome
for Seattle: bkUi Ekaglt. hence Sept 12. for
Port Gamble; scbr Mlndoro, hence Sept 11, for
Port Blakeley.
Arrived Sept 25 — Br ship Claverdon, hence
Aug 26.
Passed out Sept 25 — Schr Helena, from Port
Hadlock, for San Francisco.
ASTORIA— Sailed Sept 25— Stmr Columbia,
for Ban Francisco.
Arrived Sept 23 — Ital ship Nlnfa, from Port
Los Angeles.
Arrived Sept 25 — Fr bark Chaa Gounod,
from Sourabaya.
Soiled Sept 25 — Schrs Virginia and Zaznpa,
for San Francisco.
TATOOSH— Passed In Sept 20 — Stmr Sena
tor, from Nome, for Seattle.
Passed out 8ept 25 — Schr Samar, from Port
Madison, for Redondo.
SEATTLE — Arrived Sept 25 — Stmr Ohio,
from Nome; stmr Dolphin, from Skagway.
Sailed Sept 25 — Stmr Centennial, for San
Francisco.
SOUTH BEND — Sailed Bept 25 — Stmr Rival,
for San Francisco.
EUREKA— Arrived Sept 23 — Echr Mary B
Russ, hence Sept 16.
Sailed Sept 25 — Stmr Corona, for San Fran
cisco.
Arrived Eept 23 — Stmr Arctic, hence Eept 23.
PORT HADLOCK— Sailed Sept 25— 6chr
Helone, for San Francisco.
SAN PEDRO — Arrived Sept 25 — Stmr Coos
Bay, hence Sept 22; schr Lizzie Vance, from
Grays Harbor.
Sailed Sept 25— Stmr Coos Bay,' achr Bore
alls and stmr Chas Nelson, for San Francisco;
echr Oliver J Olsen. for Port Townsend; schr
Alcalde, for Eureka. .
COOS BAT — Sailed Sept 25— Schr Chaa K
Flk. for Ban Pedro.
MENDOCINO— Arrived Sept 25— Stmr Phoe
nix, hence Sept 24. ¦-
ABERDEEN— Sailed Sept 23— Schr Falcon,
for San Francisco. -•-...¦
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 26, 1903.
Great Ships With Valuable Cargoes of Salmon From Shores of
Alaska and Coal From Newcastle Make Interesting Picture
as They Enter Harbor and Find Anchorage Off Meiggs Wharf
BIG FLEET OF DEEP SEA
VESSELS ARRIVES IN PORT
7
AMUSEMENTa
Ingleside
Coursing
Park.
JO Consolation Stab
AM a Veteran Dog 8Mb
SATURDAY and SUNDAY
Sept. 26 and 27.
First run-down on Saturday, beginning at
11 a. m. sharp. Sunday coursing will begin at
10:30 sharp and continue till last winning Ca-i
goes up.
TOTAL PRIZES--S9 12.50
All Mission-street cars transfer to Guerrer»
cars, which go direct to the park.
THOMAS TIKRXET Judge.
EDWARD SHORTSTAG. Slipper.
MATINEE TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW.
Every lady and child presented with a sour*,
nlr picture of a popular Lilliputian at To-day's
Matinee.
LAST TWO PERFORMANCES
POLLARD LILLIPUTIAN OPERA CO.
THI3 AFTERNOON
H. A\. S. PINAFORE
-TO-NIGHT
THE BELLE OF NEW YORK
Beginning TO-MORROW MATINEE.
JAMBS NEILL
In Harriet Ford's Dramatization of Stanley
"Weyman's Popular Novel.
A GENTLEMAN OF FRANCE
PRICES— Evenings. 13c. 23c. 80c. 73o.
Matinees. 15c. 23c. COc.
T.V0LISS5&
(NOTE— Performances hexia at 8 sharp. 8st>
urday Matinee at 2 share.)
TO-XIGHT. Bizet's Masterpiece.
"CARMEN"
Matlnte To-day and Sunday Nijtht,
Verdi's Lyric Drama, „,
"LA TRAVIATA"
(CAMILLE.)
Next Week— "THE BARBER OF
SEVILLE" and "CARMEN."
PRICES AS X7SUAL— 23c. 80c. T3o.
Telephone Bush 9.
JOHN Of CLAIR
Tha Artistic Comedy Juggler, and a
GREAT SHOW EVERY AFTEBN'OO.V A.VO
EVENING IN THE THEATER.
Inspect "CABARET DE LA MOBT."
VISIT THE "MYSTIC MIRROR MAZE.**
LION SLAYING BABOON
IN THE ZOO.
ADMISSION. 10c: CHILDREN. Bo.
When Phoning Ask for "The Chutes."
PfliflfP DON'T FAIL TO
taiaWW iee the beautiful
j 1 COURT Lounging
fitm room, the EMPIRE
auu PARLOR, the
r 1 PALM ROOM, the
lirflflfl LOUIS XV PAR-
H~.t~i~ DIES' WRITING
Hotels room -
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Price Lists Mallei
on Application.
rBESK AND SAXT 2GBAT3.
145 RAYPQ * TA sh »PPing Butchers. 10*
JAj. DUiCj tf U7. Clay. Tel. Mala 12M.
__
LUBRICATING OILS: LEONARD A re-T-f%.
41S Front St.. S. F. flume Main IT la.
LCBUGHES, -nsa^S:**.
AT> V F RTTa* KffiKiM'i-fl
ABSOLUTE SEGUIfTY
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS mnst bear
Fac-simile Signalurepf
SALLOW SKIN. ™^^^^ "¦III1PP
Th«y TOUCH tho L. 1 V E H 6mi" Prtei
Genuine Wrapper Printed on
PEO PAPER BLACK LETTERS V^&V*, _^»^ r < n , 1 _ X
book cq» «.. suuiut S&ZZZie^ir^xzr^rzr-zZ
AMUSEMENTS.
ALCAZAR^JF
_____ General Mana«er.
Matinee To-Day, To-Nlght, Sunday Night
FLORENCE ROBERTS
In Anthony Hop«'» Romantic Comedy,
THE ADVENTURE
OF LADY DRSDLA
Next Thursday — Last Matinee of
D'ANNUNZIO'S GIOCONDA.
„ Evenings. 25c to 75c: Mat, 16c to 00c.
>¦ Nlxht Prices at Oloconda Matinee.
Next Monday — Le*t Week but One,
MISS ROBERTS IN ZAZA.
MATINKE TO-DAY. SATURDAY. SEPT. 2a
Parquet, any seat. 23c; Balcony. 10c; Chil-
dren, any part except reserved, 10c.
Falko and Semon; Charles Ernest;
Mario and Aldo, and E. Bousby's
Latest Spectacular Novelty,
"IN PARIS"
An Electrical Rerlew In Four Tableaux.
Tjast times of Wood and Ray; Frederic
Bond and Company; Arnesen;
James Richmond Glenroy and
Princess Losoros.
CAIjgFQRNgfil
I J TO-NIGHT— THE LAST lisa
' I MATINED TO-DAY. •fl'
The Phenomenal Comedy Opera Success,
TTJ-IIB <WITMARK*S)
CHAPERONS
To-morrow Might.
U A Texas Steer."
t Hoyt'ii Famous Political .
Satire; HIb Beat and Funnl- P?=*
8 «f eat Farce J EL,
l8HEATRy|
f*t?IR BBMB9IA sm «asgsc8-j
MATUTEE TO-SAT.
TO-NIGHT. SUNDAY NIGHT. AND ALL
NEXT WEEK.
Matinees "Wednesday and Saturday.
Henry W. Savage Announces the
TRIUMPHANT MUSICAL COMEDY
PRINCE
OF
PILSEN
By Plxley and Luders, Authors of Kins Dodo.
"VOS YOU EFFER IN ZINZINNATir*
Oct. B— "FLOHODORA." by a Star Cast.
A week and two days of the funny plays.
I "The Glad Hand" and "Tha Con-curers" |
Our "All-Star" Caat. Including:
KOLB AND DrLL.
BARNEY BERNARD.
WINFIELD BLAKE.
HARRY HERMSEN
MAUDE AMBER
ELEANOR JENKINS.
I NOTICE1 H
On Monday, October 3,
"THE PARADERS."
First Time of a Great Musical Comedy.
Market st.. near Eighth. Phone South 333.
TO-NIGHT— LAST TWO NIGHTS.
TO-DAY AND SUNDAY MATINEES.
Bouclcault'a Famous Melodrama,
AFTER D/\RK1.
>wr« w« The River of Real Water I
npp The Plunce for a Life!
rLJ K-4 The Underground Hallway!
r* r 1 The Lightning Express Train:
i. I B J P J Dicey Morris' Dancehalll
Great Specialties!
DDirCC EVENINGS lOo to OOo
rnltC3 MATINEES 10c. 13c, 23c
Monday. September 28. Opening of L. R.
ETOCKWELL Engagement in Hoyt'a "A Tem-
perance Town." •
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENTS.
NEXT MONDAY AND TUESDAY.
Seotember 2S and 29,
Sp«clal Matinee Next Tuesday. Sept. £9.
THE EVEBTMAIT COMFAZTT
la an Elizabethan Production of
SHAKESPEARE'S
TWELFTH NIGHT
RESERVED SEATS— |t SO and $1 now
on sale at Sherman. Clay & Co.'s.
EXCURSION TO ANTIOCD AND
SAN JOAQUIN RIVER
ON STEAMER SUNOL.
Will leave Washlnzton-st. wharf at 0:30
a. m.. SUNDAY. Sept. 27. 1803. Rcund trip.
60 cents. Tickets will b« sola at the wharf on
Sunday mornlnK. I Muslo and dancing. Th«
last excursion of the season.
Weekly Cali a $1.00 per YearCalifornia Tars Will Try
for Vincent Prizes and
Flags in Handicap Event
All Yachts Except Twenty-
Footers Will Sail Over
a Fourteen-Mile Course
SAN FRANCISCO
SAILORS HOLD
ANNUAL RACES
SINCE Champion Jamtf3 Fitzgerald's
advent In thl3 city the good old
Irish game of handball has taken
a great bound into popularity. The four
courts of the Olympic Club are always
engaged by the members, who are playing
for exercise and for .pleasure. Leader
John J. Gleason has announced two tour
naments for next month. They will start
on October 11. One will be for the hard
ball experts, and the other will be for
those who play with the tennis ball. The
MORE interest is shown In tennis
at present than ever before and
the comlns winter will be tho
liveliest in years on the courts. The-Cal
ifornia Tennis Club will open the season
to-morrow with a handicap doubles tourn
ament. The club has donated two hand
some silver cups to be won three times.
A tournament will be held once a month
until the trophies are disposed of. Th^
ciub has not held a tournament since May
CO, and the players are all anxious to get
into the game. A large entry list la ex
pected and ad the handicaps will be dealt
out liberally the poorer players will hav-s
as good a chance aa the cracks.
Dnimmond MacGavln and Grant Smith
will be the scratch team and. will have to
play their best to win with the odds they
will be called upon to concede. W. B.
Collier and Frank Mitchell will Join
forces and a strong combination will re
sult. It has not been given out yet
whether they will play on the same mark
with Smith and MacGavin or not. Harr/
Rolfe and Herbert Smith, two promislns
young players, will be another team that
World's Championship Match
Is on the Card Between
M. Egan and Fitzgerald
Six Teams Will Compete
To-Morrow on the Public
Courts, Golden Gate Park
Two Tournaments Sched
uled for Next Month and
Practice Is in Progress
Are Offered by y the Cali
fornia Club for a Handi
cap Doubles Tournament
OLYMPIC COURTS
THRONGED WITH
HANDBALL MEN
CHALLENGE CUPS
ATTRACT MANY
TENNIS EXPERTS
HANDBALL PLAYERS PRACTICE FOR TOURNAMENT MATCHES
An English Mayor has handed over his
official salary to be divided between the
poor and the town bands. ' -- '
Theobald Indicted.
The United States Grand Jury reported
an indictment yesterday against George
W. Theobald for stealing mall matter
from mail boxes in this city on September
17. The indictment contains four counts
Fire Chiefs Close Their Session.
OL.YMPIA. Wash.. Sept. -3.— Vancouver.
B. C, was to-day selected as the meeting
place for the next annual convention of
the Pacific Coast Fire Chiefs' Association,
which closed a successful session in this
city to-night. Chief James Smart Of Cal
gary. N. W. T., was elected president at
the association for the ensuing year.
James Alva Watt, lawyer and politician,
is the defendant in a suit for rent and
for 'restitution of premises brought yes
terday by the San ' Francisco Savings
Union. * » It is averred in the complaint
that Watt owes the bank $145 rent for his
office in the bank building and refuses to
pay or move.
worst dub on Charley Rellly's Los Ange
les team, has proved, to be the fall guy
with Brooklyn. So far he has pitched
four games and won every one of them,
showing wonderful form each time. Even
Pittsburg succumbed before the young-
Bter. He will probably be a real star
next year.
James Alva Watt Sued for Bent.
Stroud, center; Overall, right guard;
Stow, left guard; Howard, right tackle;
Heitmuller, left tackle; Hudson, right
end: Demeritt, left end; Whipple, right
half; Muther, left ball;, Boynton, fullback;
Belknap and Geary, quarterback.
Unless More gets Into the game again
the quarterback fight, will. lie,, between
Belknap and Geary. Belknap is cooler
and has had more experience than Geary,
but he is considered a littletoo light for
the place. In the game to-morrow against
Reliance on the Berkeley . campus these
men will alternate at quarter. The ,rest
of the line-up will be as follows:
William Jones, alias James McGee; Wil
liam Philips, alias Davis, and Leslie Den
nison were held to answer before th*»
Superior Court by Police Judge Fritz yes
terday on a charge of burglary. The bonds
of the two first named were fixed in $2000
each and Dennison's In J5G0. They were
accused of breaking Into the premises of
the Pacific States lype "Foundry, 508 Clay
street, on September 20. • ? - -
he keeps these two old-timers working to
hold their Jobs. •
Held on Burglary Charge.
Old Phil Knell arid his marvelous pitch
ing are the talk of the baseball world here
at the present time. How j the veteran
gets away with ."every game he pitches
Is a mystery, yet he does It and does It
well. It Is even more strange to figure
out how he can. win from the San Fran
cis*^ team when the amateur clubs used
to bat his offerings hard when he was
playing with BUI- Curtin's collection.-:
Puttmann, the former Helena pitcher,
has made good with the New York Amer
ican League team. He won his first
game on Thursday against St. Louis, even
though the team supported him , disgrace
fully. Puttmann, when he pitched ball in
this city, looked like a good lefthander.
He has been worked so much all season
that his arm. will go back on him* before
next year's campaign Is well " begun.
' Thatcher, who was considered the
Nothing is heard any more of Duke Car
ter, the former Butte slab artist who
signed up with 'the -home team when it
went to Sacramento the last time. Car
ter succeeded in breaking his ankle at
his first essay and has been languishing
in a Capital City hospital ever since. It
Is unlikely he will get into the game this
season. If he does he will- be taking a
big chance. -
Dr. Mosklman has shown he is the best
ball player on the Oakland team and
probably the best In the league. A man
who can play any position on the team
as Doc does and at the same time hit the
ball at a .330 clip is valuable in anybody's
league. •
The home magnate has not experienced
much luck with the amateur players he
collected to help him out in hi3 hour of
need. Not one of the youngsters could
come anywhere near winning a game, so
Uncle decided to get rid of them all with
out going through the formality of giving
them more than one or two chances.
THE San Francisco baseball team
has not commenced to show any
serious signs of improvement.
Now that the season is fast drawing to
an end, there is but little chance left for
the long expected spurt to come. It seem3
Uncle Henry will land his team in third
place, if not even worse than- that.
The easy victory won last Sunday by
the San Francisco County team from the
representatives of 4 the Alameda Cricket
Club placed the championship of 1003 be
yond doubt in the hands of the new club.
While there can be no/ doubt that the
strongest team wort, there is a general
feeling among cricketers throughout the
State that the San Francisco County Club
has carried the policy of absorbing all the
best players rather too far. the result be
ing that none of the elevens can give It
an interesting match. B. Kortlang, H. B.
Richardson and E. H. Wllkes are strong
er players than any In the ranks of {he
other city clubs, while B. G. Sloman, E.
letersen and P. R. Johns are exceedingly
useful members of an eleven. The cricket
during the past season would have been
more even and Interesting had Kortlang
remained with the Pacific eleven and
Wilkes continued to play with the Ala
meda team*. As It Is, there Is no team in
the -association that has any chance of
beating the San Francisco County eleven
except by one of those flukes that happen
occasionally In cricket.
AN Interesting match is expected on
the ground at Webster street,
Alameda, to-morrow between the
Alameda and Pacific cricket elevens. Both
these old rivals have been passed in the
struggle for the championship of the
present season by the new club represent
ing San Francisco County. The following
will wear the scarlet and black of the
Pacific Club: H. C. Casldy. captain; F.
Bennion, E. H. Lannowe, H. D. Bowly,
A. W. Wilding, W. Petherick, E. T. Lang
dale, C. C. Y. Williamson, Dr. O. N. Tay
lor, T. W. Tetley and W. G. Fortmann.
The Alameda eleven will be chosen from
the following: Harold Ward, captain; F.
J. Croll, B. Bird, J. Bird. Harry Bird, W.
J. Richter, F. A. Stahl, W. H. McNaugh
ton, J. H. Saunders, J, Cowie, V. Seebeck,
C. Banner and R. B. Hamilton. This is
the last match to be played by the Ala
meda cricketers during the present sea
son.
The handball enthusiasts are eagerly
looking forward to the match for the
world's amateur championship between
James Fitzgerald and Michael Egan. The
latter Is expected here during the winter
The match will be played in the Olympic
Club's courts. As a preliminary to this
Al Hampton and Joe Collins, the best two
players on this coast, will meet for a spe
cial trophy.
A match game of handball will be
played to-morrow afternoon at. the club
by George James and Louis Levy. This
will be their second meeting. The players
are evenly matched. James is the winner
of many tournaments. Levy is a new
player, who has developed considerable
skilt.
The hard ball tournament will be in
doubles. Among the experts who will
take part are Starr, Cunningham, Corey,
Levy, Gleason, McElroy, 8ulllvan, Pock
witz. James, Curley, Johns, Bowman,
Minihan and others. ;'•'-'
The soft ball tournament will bring out
Russ, Crable, Dr. Frankenheimer, the
Cole brothers, Magee, Richardson, Tom
Powers, Monroe Green,' Charley Knight.
George Birdsall, Garnet Ferguson, Nat
Hewson, Bill Kennedy. Fred Butz and a
dozen other clever players.
three courts on the roof, where the soft
ball players hold forth, are always crowd
ed. It is hard to get a court in the after,
noon, as there are scores of players wait
ing for a game.
The crack soft ball players of the club
are Tom Magee and Richardson, the well
known cricket player. As a team Magee
and. Richardson are unequaled. Henry
Russ and Otis Crable tried to take their
measure, but failed. Magee is a heady
player and kills with unerring accuracy.
Richardson is powerfully built and slams
the soft ball with terrific force. Al Hamp
ton ha3 taken up the soft ball and haa
played with tfie best, and usually shows
up well. Hampton is carrying a little ex
cessive weight, but gets around In clever
style.
will prove dangerous with any kind of a
handicap. The entries will close to-mor
row morning at 9 o'clock, when the draw-
Ins will be held.
The annual election of officers of tho
California Tennis Club will be held to
day. The nominating committee, com
posed of Judge Hunt. Dr. Lovegrove and
Grant Smith, arranged the following
ticket: W. S. MacGavln. W. B. Collier,
Dr. Lovegrove. Dr. Noble. Frank Mitch
ell, Harry Haight and Grant Smith. Th«
new men are Drs. Noble and Lovegrove.
Crowell resigned from the club a short
time ago and Stauf has expressed hia un
willingr.ess to again be president. It is
expected the ticket will no through with
out opposition. The polls wlllibe open
from 9 a. m. until 5:30 p. m. A meeting
will be held by the new board this after
noon for the election of officers.
The handicap doubles tournament com
menced on the park courts Ia3t Sunday
will be completed to-morrow. The handi
caps last Sunday were not as good aa
usual, but the six teams left in the run
ning arej well handicapped and tho
matches should all be close. The two
scratch teams entered are still in, one in
the upper half and one in the lower. In
the upper half Harry Routh and Charles
Dunlap (scratch) are In the semi-finals
and will play the winner of the match be
tween George Janes and H. Russell (2-6)
and R. N. Whitney and Jules Brady (3-6).
A3 Janes and Griffin allow Whitney and
Brady 1-6, they should not have much
difficulty winning. Many pick this team
to play in the finals against th» Baker
brothers. The latter have two matches
to play in their half, but should win them
both. They play Teller and Otis (5-6)
first. If they win they will meet Mann
ard Finnegan (4-6) in the semi-finals.
The latter caused quite a surprise last
Sunday by their good work and a repe
tition to-morrow will make them danger
ous opponents. The finals will be played
at 2:C0 and the onlookers will undoubt
edly be treated to an interesting match.
Thatcher and Puttmann Are
Both Making Good Rec
ords in the Bg Leagues
San Francisco County Club
Has Too Large Share of
Highly Skilled Players
Uncle Henry's Aggregation
May Not Finish One, Two;
Three in Pennant Race
Alameda Eieven .Will Meet
Pacific Team for Final
Struggle of the Season
LAST BUT ONE
MATCH OF THE
CRICKET YEAR
DARK OUTLOOK
FOR THE HOME
BALL TOSSERS
The most interesting fight going on is
that between Heltmuller, Howard and
Forse for a place at tackle. Heitmuller
«nd Howard would have the right and
left positions safe at any other time, but
Forse Is playing such a keen game that
The most important event in the varsity
circle was th* return of Hudson and Helt
muller to the game this week. Hudson
has recovered from his recent illness and
Heitmuller from his Indisposition to play
nt all, so the team is strengthened in the
end and tackle departments. Johnny
More Is still flirting with the game.
Whether he will be seen on the gridiron
--.cain thin year is a secret nobody but
More knows.
The weakest places In the eleven are
the tackles and ends. Clarke, Haley, Eg-
Ktrs and Seabury have been tried out for
tackle, and Camlnetti. Davis and Bowles
for ends. With the exception of Caminettl
none have proved to be perfectly satis
factory.
As for the other positions. Keen sterns
to be about the best there Is In backs.
Sanborn is another good one, but just at
present he Is among the wounded. There
are others playing for these place*, how
ever, and Dyer, Crow and Gabriel have a
fighting chance to squeeze into the ranks.
Fells 5ecms to have the lead for quarter
back, but Hanna Is right up to him. There
is a fight on between Haffee and Barton
for center, with no choice. Jackson and
Allen, both big men, seem to be fixtures
for right and left guard. Caminetti is
sure of a place at left end.
The inability of the team to score
oftener may be due to the almost com
plete change In the make-up of the team
In the case of each second half. It may
be due to th? brief time the players have
been in training. But even a second
eleven ought to have done better against
teams of lighter weight and less train
ing that went through the games with
out changing.
The freshman team will lose one of its
best players in Boothe, the fullback, who
has been found to be ineligible through
hia b*ing a limited student. Boothe is
the best man for the position, but the
team will have to part with him under
th? rules.
Freshmen. Positions. Berkeley.
Camlnetti L— find— R Shin*)*
Pweany L — Tackle — R Hanna
l.arhman. l!arr.-e . I, — Uuard — It Witcber
Barton Center Peck
Seabury -t — Guard— L. Kerr
tlarlt* R— Tackle— L, 8olin«lty
Bowie* It— End— U Kte*>!e
Sell, Hanna. Quarter t-khsfTw
!>>«-r, I'eier* I,— Hair — R Dugar*
K^rn R— Half— L, Harkloy
Gabriel mil Patton
half, though the freshmen nearly won
when they had the Berkeleyans once on
the Jive-yard line. It was only a rally
and the hardest kind of work that led
them to resist for five downs. In the
Becond half the freshmen had the ball
Bear the Berkeley goal again and Berke
ley tried to kick, but the kick waa
blocked and the ball was captured for
a touchdown by the freshmen. Ktrn
then kicked the goal, making the score 6
to 0. The line-up was as follows:
The game put up by the freshmen
apafnst the Palo Alto Athletic Club eleven
Wednesday was a groat disappointment
to the rooters. The 5—0 defeat adminis
tered to the youngsters was largely the
result of the poor work of the line men.
Most of the backs played hard, gritty
ball, but the forwards did not seem able
to keep their opponents from sifting
through the line or to make a hole
through which their own men might ad
vance the ball. Among the most promis
ing men on the frephman squad are Tac
kles Weller and Blood, Center Morphlno
and Backs G. E. Dole, Stott, Stephenson.
Minturn and Chalmers. Freshman Stott
Is putting up a game at quarterback that
ranks him a close second to Captain Bans
bach. He Is extremely clever at catching
and running in punts and puts up a gritty
article of ball. Bis "Jim ' Weller, '07,
has the strength, build and speed neces
sary to make one of the best tackles ever
seen at Stanford. With him It seems
merely a question of learning the game.
To-morrow the varsity will meet a team
from the United States TrainIng\Academy
on Goat Island. Nothing is knowrW)f the
comparative strength of the two teams.
"Savage" Dole, '05, varsity halfback,
has returned to the football field after
a fortnight's illness with malaria. He
lined up for scrimmnsp work for a few
minutes Wednesday night, his first line
up flnce he came from the hospital, and
was apparently as fit as ever.
fidence of the rooters, wno fetl certain
that if a winning team can be developed
from the material on the sridiron "Jim
my" Lanagan v.ill bring it forth.
The coach hap Insisted on all players
wearing well padded suits nn<l s..in guards
an«i inkle braces as wril. There will be
no Injuries resulting to the men that can
possibly be avoided. No accident other
than a sprained ankle or two has oc
curred so far.
The race will be sailed almost wholly at
flood tide, as it is low water at 9:50 a.
m., and high water at 3:57 p. m. The
yacht finishing first and not suffering dis
qualification will receive the Vincent Cup
and a pennant. The yachts finishing sec
ond and third will receive pennants only.
The race will be in charge of August R.
F. Brandes and William McBaln.
Owners must report to the regatta com
mittee on the launch at the south side of
the narrow gauge pier. The
committee will assign to each contesting
yacht an anchorage, on a line bearing
south from the pierhead, In the order of
the time allowances. The yacht having
the largest allowance will occupy the
most southerly berth. Yachts must be
anchored with ordinary 'service anchors,
kedges not being permitted. All sails ex
cept tread sails may be set while the
yachts remain at anchor. The raceMs to
be sailed under working canvas only.
The allowances and times of starting of
the yachts are as follows:
Shamrock III and Vixen, 1 hour, start at
12 noon: Mabel A, 50 minutes, start at 12:10
p. m. : Mist, Hope and Surf, 11 minutes, start
at 12:li» p. m.; Amy, Bachelor and El Reyo,
88 minutes, start at 12:22 p. m. ; Dixie and
Frances, 35 minutes, start at 12:^5 p. at.;
V>ga, Nereid and U & I, :;0 minutes, start at
12:30 p. m. ; Catherine and Kittle, 2« minutes,
start at 12:34 p. m. ; Pilgrim and Occident,
24 mlnutt-s, start at 12:30 p. m. ; Challenge.
Mascotte and Spray, 22 minutes, start at 12. as
p. m.; Idler, 20 minutes, start at 12:40 p. m. :
Hazel 8, 18 minutes, start at 12:42 p. m. ;
Mollle Woggln. Eltbe and Secret. 10 minutes,
start at 12:44 p. m.; Arcturus, IS ntinutr.t,
start at 12:47 p. m.; Pactolus, 11 minutes,
start at 12:40 p. m.; Espy, 0 minutes, start
at 12:31 p. m.; Gypsle. 8' minutes, start at
12:52 p. m.; Rover, 5 minutes, start at 12:55
p. m. ; Jessie E, Thelma and loin, scratch,
start at 1 p. m. ; ...
The course is triangular and has an
estimated length of eight and one-half
nautical miles, with a time limit of four
hours. s
Igo. 2, being 200 yards to the west of No.
'1. The yachts will sail to and around a
stakeboat anchored three milea north
from the center of the starting line, leav
ing the stakeboat on the port hand:
thence to and round Presidio Shoal buoy,
leaving Alcatraz Island on the starboard
hand and Presidio Shoal buoy on the port
hand; thence to and round the Blossom
Rock dredger, leaving It on the starboard
hand; thence to and round Presidio Shoal
buoy, leaving It on the port hand; thence
to and across the starting line to finish.
The distance is fourteen nautical miles.
The yachts in the 20-foot class finish after
the first run to the eastward from Pre
sidio Shoal buoy, the length of their
course being nine and one-sixteenth nau
tical mile?. All classes will start at 11:30
a. m., ten minutes being allowed within
which to cross the line, the time being
taken from stakeboat No. 1. A gun will
be fired from stakeboat No. 1 at 11:30, and
two guns at 11:40. Time allowances will
be reckoned according to the racing rules
of the San Francisco l'acht Club. Prizes
will be" awarded for first and second
place in each class in which three jor
more yachts start, and for first place
only when two yachts start. The yachts
will be divided into five classes, denoted
as A, C, special yawl, D and K.
This is the second handicap race of the
California Yacht -Club for the cup pre
sented* by ex-Vice Commodore Robert
Vincent. As the winds? have become
much lighter than in the summer, the
regatta committee has laid out a new
course, with the hope : of securing- a
stronger breeze than on the regular club
course. ¦ The course starts from the ;
south side of the narrow gauge mole at
Alameda, thence to and round Alcatraz
Island, leaving It on the starboard hand:
thence to and round Goat Island Shoal
buoy, leaving it on the starboard hand;
thence to the finish across an imaginary
line drawn between the two lighthouses
at the entrance to the Oakland Creek,
leaving Goat I3land on the starboard
hand. . .
* HANDBALL. EXPERTS WHO "WILL. BE
RfK^IINENT IN MATCHES TO BE
PLAYED THIS WJNTER.
In the eam>» againet the Berkeley
High School this afternoon the freshmen
won by the narrow margin of 6 to 0,
and they might have not got that If the
luck had been with the High School
eleven. Neither side scored In the first
BERKELEY. Sept. 25.— About all
the interest there Is In football
at the University of California
was centered this week In the freshman
team. TOe three games the freshmen
played served to give the enthusiasts
(something to talk and to think about, and
so in the absorption of that subject the
varsity team and all things else ath
letic were forgotten. The theme of
thought and talk will change to-mor
row, however, for then the varsity will
play its first game of the season with
Reliance for an opponent and the wise
bitps will have other conclusions to
draw.
The freshmen have won the three
Fames they played, but not satisfac
torily. " In the cames againet the Oak
land High School and* the Polytechnic
High School the most significant thing
was the inability of the team to score
In the second half. It was easy to score
In the first half, but a struggle to play
even In the second.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Sept. 25.
— The weather during the week has
been Ideal for football practice.
While the work of the players Is
far from varsity form, they have shown
considerable more ginger In the practice
of the la«t few day* than during the pre
vious two weeks.
Coach Lanagan is doing his work In an
exceedingly thorough, manner. Never be
fore has Stanford had a coach who paid
as much attention to the individual play
ers as does Lanagan. If he Bees a man
catch a ball wrongly or attempt to pick
up a fumbled ball Instead of falling on
It be takes the player aside and shows
him his error, even though he has to go
the width of the gridiron to reach hia
man. This thoroughness has won the con-
First Test of the Strength of the Berkeley Men Will Be
Afforded To-Day on Campus — Stanford Team Round
ing Into Condition Under Lanagan's Careful Coaching
BLUE AND GOLD ELEVEN
WILL MEET RELIANCE TEAM
THE SAN FHANCISCO S CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 26, 1903.
TWO annual regattas will occupy
the attention of yachtsmen to
morrow. The California Yacht
Club will hold the handicap race for the
Vincent Cup. The annual regatta of the
San Francisco Yacht Club will also take
place.
The San Francisco yachts will start
from the south side of a linje between two
stakeboats anchored oft Powell street
wharf, No. 1, being 200 yards off the
northwesterly corner of the wharf and
8TROTTER WHICH FOLLOWED QUICKLY IN THE FOOTSTEPS OF LOU DILLON AFTER THE PEERLESS »
CALIFORNIA MARE HAD BLAZED THE WAY TO THE TWO-MINUTE MARK, THE CROWNING GLORY
OF THE AMERICAN LIGHT HARNESS HORSE. '
Racing Besults at Portland.
PORTLAND, Or.. Se^t. 23. -"-Results at Ir
vlngton:
2:14 pace — Ollie M- won. Monroe E second.
Vision third. Best time. 2:14V&.
2:19 trot — Coronado won. Master Delmar and
Belladi tied for second. Best time, 2:18Vi.
Five furlongs; selling— Rosebud won, HIrtle
second. Clivoso third. Time, 1:02%.
Four and one-half furlongs — Mlsty's Pride
•wen, MacFlecknoe second, Adner third. Time,
:50.
Six furlongs: selling — Sallle Goodwin won,
Thlsbe second. Remark third. Time, 1:16.
One and a quarter miles — George Dewey won,
Knockings second, Dr. Marks third. Time,
2:12. \
The women of the park club are again
becoming active and are planning many
tournaments. Next Saturday a handicap
singles event for the Jackman cup will
be played. The trophy was won first >?y
Miss Edwards of Berkeley, and the lasc
time by Miss Hotchkisa of the same plac?.
The fact that both tournaments have been
won by outsiders shows the local women
are good sportsmen. The handtcappcr
Bhould be a little mere liberal, aa the
scratch teams in both events have won
too easily.
There will be a doubles tournament for
eecond class players every Saturday until
the cups m that class have been disposed
of. The first and third class cups now
belong to respectively the Varney sisters
and Miss A. Eeyfuss and Misa H. Naylor.
Women's Park Club Tourneys. \
The coursing at Ingleside will commence
to-day at 11 o'clock and to-morrow at
10:30. The first round of the eighty-dog
open stake and of the consolation will be
run down to-day. The veteran stake will
be run to-morrow. The likely winners
look to be:
Open ftake — Shadow, finer. Yukon. Miss
Wilson. Roy Hughie, Una. Hesper. Rockefel
ler, Pure Pearl. Laughing Water, Pasha Pleas
ant, Royal Friend, Doc Burns. Harvey M.
WedgewQod. Roxana*. Maid of the» Glen, Old
Ironsides, Commercial Traveler, Jerry Wright.
Topsy Turvey. Anchor. Lulu Girl. Conroy, Bob
R Belfast. Homer Boy, Special, Greenhall.
Black Flush, Flora Bird. Reta S. Idaho Boy,
Black Coon. Sofala. Bonnie Hughie. Fannie
Hucthle. Young Buck. Clarice. Pepper HIM.
Veteran stake — Young America, Lottie M,
Miss Grizzle and Royal Flush.
The San Francisco' Coursing Club has
elected Jerry O'Shea, T. J. McHugh and
M. Kelly delegates to the California
coursing committee.
to-day a consolation stake of sixteen dog3
will be drawn from the twenty-eight dogs
beaten. This will be run to-morrow. In
addition there will be the match, best
three In five, between Pocatelli and Rec
tor. This will also decide the first and
second positions in. the California Cours
ing Committee stake left unfinished from
last Sunday. The deciding course in the
open stake between Sea Uon and Silver
Cloud will also be "run. The likely win
ners to-day are:
California Coursing Futurity— Wild Bill. Cu
banola. Rocklln Boy. Raby Aurora, Home
stead Boy. Irvington Tralee. Duhallow. Aman
dan. Dartawey. Kocker Arm. Sweet Virginia.
Free From Flaw. Cremo. Our Motto, Mi Ami
go. Manhattan King. Humbug. Minnie Horgan.
Chuchu. McVey. Racing Auto. Queen's Motto.
Open stake — Cloverdale. Red Pepper. Remis
eo Animo. Beacon. -Vandal. Frisky Barbara,
Honest John. Algy McDonald. Lord Brazen.
Presidio Boy, Palo Alto, Full Moon. Belle
Free. Gambit. Liberator. Articulate, Reckless
Acrobat. Haphazard. Mickey Free. Snapper
Garrison Red Rock. Bonnie Pasha, Flora
Belle Ragged Actor. Reno. Barge, Dorothy M.
Menlb Prince.
CY. RUSSELL made that regular
annual break into the California
League yesterday at Recreation
Park. He will not pitch any more ball
here this year, because if the fans hear
about it they will cut out going to see
ball games. He Is credited with many
bad showings during the last five or six
seasons he tried to shine as a big
leaguer, but yesterday waa really the
limit. So bad- was he that the home team
won — 14 to 1.
When that bunch of Harris' can make
fourteen runs off one pitcher he must
be an awful tramp. But they did It with
Cy., and he rs now known as the worst
in the world by the baseball-loving
"public.
They began in the first inning to wal
lop the offerings of Russell and never
for a moment did they ease up. Every
one was hammering the ball around, and
those who did not hammer It were treat
ed to bases on balls. In all, sixteen good
solid hits and eight passes to first tell
the tale of agony. Then the Senators
; - started to make errors Just as soon as
Mr. Russell was giving them the office
that he intended to settle down and be
pood. Then he would take another ariel
ascent. He generally neglected to alight
till many runs would be piled upon the
lengthy score.
. Hodson was in good form, and in only
one inning could they land on his shoots.
That was the fifth, when Truck Egan
scored McLaughlin with a three-bagger.
The score:
San Francisco — l Sacramenlo —
AB.R. H. P.A.I AB.R. H. P.A.
Lynch, lf.o 111 0: Casey, 2b.5 0223
Meany, rf-T 2 0 0 OlHllbd, lf.4 0 0 4 1
Irwin, 3b. 5 1 2-1 2'McLin, rf.4 12 0 0
Krug, cf..S .'! .J 2 eiEgan. s..l O 1 0.1
Leahy, c.S 2 4 3 1 Tnsnd. lb. t 0 0 11 1
Pabst. lb.5 1 2 11 OtPhehn 3b.4 - 0 0 15
Dims, 2b.V O 0 2 3|Doyle. of.* 0 2 3 1
Raymd, s.3 2 2 7 7 Grahm; c.3 0 0 2 1
Hodsn, p.5 1 2 0 2:Russel, p. * 0 2 1 1
Totals.40 13 16 27 is' Totals.GC 1 9 24 1*
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Sacramento 00001 00O O— 1
Base hits 1 1 1 1 3 0 11 O— J)
San Francisco... 3 0 10 2 3 0 4- x — IS
Base hits 21223213 x— 16
SUMMARY.
• Stolen bases — Meany, Lynch. Errors — Irwin,
Delmap. Egan 2. Townsend. Sheehan 2. Two
base hits — Krug. Pabst. Leahy. Three-base
hit— Egan. Sacrifice hits— Hlldel.rand. Del
mas. First base on errorB — San Francisco 3.
Sacramento 1. First base on called l.alls — Off
I Hodson 2, off Russell 8. Left on bases — San
I Francisco 13. Sacramento 8. Struck out — By
Hodson 2. Hit by ultcher — Krug. Double
plays — Doyle to Casey; Leahy to Raymond;
Sheehan to Carey to Townsend. Time of game
— 1 hour and 50 minutes. Umpire — McDonald.
By the New York Telegraph.
First race — Irene Mac, Tangent,
Laeache.
Second race — Eufall'a, Varna
Fonso, Bernota."
Third race — Miss Manners, King
Rose, Sid Silver.
Fourth race — Hilee, Dave Sotn
mers, A. I>. Gibson.
Fifth race — Quaker Girl, Ingol
thrift, "Woods Perry.
Sixth race — Evea G, Flintlock,
Bessie McCarthy.
Seventh race — The Bobby, Kunja,
Dr. Hart.
ST. LOUIS SELECTIONS.
Fourth race, six and a half furlongs, the
Nimrod, selling — Dave Sommers 01. A. D. Glh
son 10«. Hllee 105.
Fifth race, six furlongs, purse — Athena 101.
Columbia Girl 101. Quaker Girl 07. Scalp-r
105 Judge Denton 100, Honey Bee 101, Woo^s
Perry 101, Ingolthrift 104.
Sixth race, one mile, purse — Bummer II 102,
Bessie McCarthy 104. Evea O lOt, Silurian 101,
Flint Lock 1C4. Aladdin 102.
Seventh race, one and a quarter miles, sell
ing — False 90. Dr. Hart 105. Last Knisht 1(K>.
W B. Gates 107, Cautious 06. Kuaja 9rt, Thj
Bobby 101.
Third rac<\ six furlcm,?3, selling — Curd Gll
lock tf>7. King Rose 103. Miss Manners 1«>,
Irby Bennett 103. Ethel Davis 107. Vestry 104.
True Blue 107. Lady Idris 104, Jean Gravier
101. One More 107. Alborac 09. Sid Silver 101.
Dynasty 111^
First race, six furlongs, selling — Hemlock;
66. Stub 101. Laeache 10t>, Lady Draper ICO,
Sam Houston 107, Weird 1C7. Irene Mac OH.
Whiten 101. Eliza Cook 107. Helen Hay 101.
Rose Court 102, Tangent lft*. Zlrl 107.
Second race, one mils and seventy yards.
veiling — Varna Fonso 02, Hegira 02. Decora
tion 02, Silver Fizz 104. Charles C 101. Nettie
Regent 10-J. Wllhelmina 79. Baronet 1O». Ren
gaw 80 Eufalla 04. Goo Goo 97. Bernato 110.
ST. LOUIS. Sept. 25.— Weather clear; track
fast. Delmar entries:
ST. LOUIS ENTRIES.
ST. LOUIS, S«pt. 23.— Monsieur
Beaucaire won. the fourth and fea
ture event at Delmar Parlc this
afternoon after' an excellent ride by
Jockey Smith. Taby Tosa, a 3 to 2 favor
ite, apparently had the raco won when
the field swung into the stretch and
Shea eased him up. As Albula carried
him wide Smith stole In on the rail and
after a hard drive landed the Darden
gelding a winner by a head. All the race3
were sharply contested. Pleasant weather
and a fast track drew out a fair crowd
for an oft day. Summaries:
FIR3T RACE— Six furlonca; selling:
Betting, porse. Weight, Jockey. 6t. ?i Fin.
7 to 2-Dr. ScharfT. 100 (Shea) 2 1 1 1^
0 to 1— My Surprise, 10.1 (Jones)... 6 3 23
" to 2 — Sweet Charity.114 (Shehan) 5 2 a 1
Time. 1:15. Start poor. Won. easily. Winner.
•J. W. O'Neall'a ch. c. by Donald A-Mlssourt.
Kadte Burch 80. Comoro. »h>. Lady Fonso 8o.
Buglehorn 8$. Susie Letcher 109. Maud JoJimoa
90, Blrdpond 89, Voiney 08. also ran.
SECOND RACE— Seven turlongs: selling:
Bettlnsr. Hor*e. Welsrht. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
D to 1— Sid Silver, 07 (Taylor) 2 2 1 n
16 to 5 — Pepper Dick, 08 (George). 1 1 £2
7 to 2— Majrnonl, 80 (Shea.) 7 6 3 b
Time. 1:28$;. Start poor. Won dri.ing.
Winner, J. J. Ogle's b. c. by Sadartha-Sllver
Banele. Oalanthua lol. Sting 05. Stargaxer
10O. Postman 95. Our Lady l(Xi. Golden Mulm
10O, Banquet 100, Glllesple 1",':. also ran.
THIRD RACE — Six furlongs: purse:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Kin.
8 to 1 — Old Stone, 108 »Hel<!el) 3 1 1 h
7 to 10— Forehand. 112 (Sheehan).. 4 4 2 3
8 to 1— Mendon. 100 (Miller) 2 5 3n
Time, 1:15. Start good. Won handily. Win
ner, M. P. itattlngly's b. c. by Saxton-White
wlngs. Lord Hermence 103. Brancas 108. also
ran.
FOURTH RACE— One and three-sixteenth
miles; purse:
Betting. . Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
4 to 1— M. Beaucaire. lol (Smith). 1 S I h
3 to 2 — Taby Tosa. 83 (Shea). \ . 3 2 22
7 to2 — Albula. 10« (Sheehan) 2 1 38
Time. 2:01 Vj. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. W. W. Darden & Co.'s ch. g. by
MacDuff-Katle Pelletler. Slddons 103, Tommy
Hill 103. also ran.
FIFTH RACE— Mile: purse:
Betting. Hor^e, Weight. Jockey. St. «i Fin.
B to 5 — Dan McKeana, 103 <Bknrh) 4 5 1 n
6 to 1 — Glennevis. 08 (Foley> 1 4 24
5 to 2— Water Tower. 108 (i'liehan) 5 3 3 8
Time 1:42%. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, J. C. Milan & Co.'s b. c. by Plrata
of Penzance-Lady Modred. Bengal 105. Allo
path 110, also ran.
SIXTH RACE— Seven furlonrs; selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *; Fin.
5 to 1 — Worthington. 106 (Sheehan) 2 1 1 n
7 to 2— Optional. 102 (Shea) 3 3 2 fTj
2 to 1— Jigffer. 103 (Birkenruth). . . 1 4 a Vj
Time. 1:28 Vj- Start good. Won drtvln*.
Winner, Mrs. M. GoJdblatfs gr. g. by St. Ju
llen-Ida Glenn. Ethel Davis 93, Revenge Dan
103, Avoid 10S, Cogswell 103. Lou Clleveden
103, also ran.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
W. L. Pet.] W. L. Pet.
Los Angeles. 00 BS .H32 Portland 67 82 .443
San Fran SS 76 .S-'JO! Seattle 68 S3 .438
Sacramento .S3 7« .523 . Oakland 73 07 .423
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
Uncle's Collection Regains
Batting Eyes for First
Time in Many Moons
Taby Tosa Apparently . Has
Race Won, but Is Eased
Up in Stretch and Loses
Mike Fisher Resurrects the
Pitcher Who Failed to
Make Good on Other Days
Monsieur. Beaucaire Takes
the Feature Event at
Delmar Park by a Head
RUSSELL FACES
FIERCE VOLLEY
OF BASE HITS
JOCKEY SMITH'S
EXCELLENT RIDE
BEATS FAVORITE
The beds of peas in Colorado sometimes
include as many as 2000 acres, and there
is one bed exceeding In size 2500 acres.
SKATTLK, Sept. 25. — Both Hughes and Mc-
Karlan pitched fine ball to-day. Lumley's
home run won the game for Seattle. The
battlnj? of Lumley was the feature. He got
a sinsle, a double and a borne run out. of
three times up. Score:
n. _h. B.
Seattle 10001000 x— 2 « S
Portland 000000100—1 5 2
Batteries— Hughes and Byersj McFarland
and Shea- Umpire — Levy.
will give it the permanent possession of
the trophy.
The Dolphin Swimming and Boating
Club will give a social entertainment and
dance next Friday evening at its club
hous« on Van Ness avenue. Alec Pape
Is recuperating from his Eastern trip on
a ranch at Rutherford, Napa County.
Luxaley Proves a Heavy Batter.
ALAMEDA BOATING CI/TJB
PLANS RACES ON ESTUARY
Members Will Take Part in Barge
and OvLtrigged Skiff Events •
Next Month.
At a meeting of the Alameda Beating
Club held early in the week it was de
cided to hold a regatta for members on
Oakland Creek on some Sunday early in
October. There will be races In fo-ur
oared barg-es and outraged skiffs, the ob
ject being to ascertain what the members
who have joined the club recently can
do in competition and to develop oarsmen
for next year'* crews.
One of the events will be a match race
in outrifcjtod skiffs over a distance of a
quarter of a mile between Secretary W.
B. Hlnchman and Treasurer A. G. Bell.
The contestants have bet a dinner on the
result. The club will present a trophy to
the winner.
The oarsmen of the Olympic Boating
Club ehow no Pi^na of makir.j? up a crew
to challenge for the Hackle Cup, which is
at present held by the Alameda Boating
Club. If. the cup t hould go by default
this year, the Al&tneda Club will have
two victories to Its credit, and a third
ins ANGELES, Sept. 25.— Corbett and :
Cooper were ex-en up on hits and cmeses to
day. b-H the local twirler struck out seven
men aKaintt one by Cooper. I»s Angeles won
by lx-tirr hascrunnlng. Wheeler stealing home
from third in the fourth ond neorlng what
proved to lie the winning run. Score:
Los Angeles — Oakland —
AB. R. IX. P.A.I AB. R. H. P. A.
Hoy.cf. .. r. l O O O O'Har.cf .T 0 1 1 o
Whp!r.:b 3 112 llDev.Fs... 4 0 0 14
Smth.. 1b .n 0 2 1 4jSchw,2b. 3 1 0 4 2
SpirsOb. -1 1 0 11 0 Mrdk.rf. 4 1110
Crav.rr.. .". fi 1 0 0 KniK.lf.. 3 ft 1 4 0
Rfs«.lf.. 4 0 0 1 1 Messr.Ih. 3 0 1 10 0
Tom. s».. 4 0 12 3 Mo*ki.3b. 4 0 12 2
Hurl.c 4 O 1 It SlGort.c... 3 0 0 0 1
Corb.p.. 2 0 0 1 5Coop,p.. 4 0 111
Totals. 20 ti C 27 17 Totals. 31 2 6 24 10
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
I^-s Anselos 10002000 0—3
Base hit* 1 1 O 0 21 1 0 0 6
Oakland 0 O 0 O O 2 O O 0 '1
Uase hits 01101200 1 — 6
SUMMARY.
Stolen ba*e«— Wheeler (2) ; Toman, Mo*lciman,
Crn\ath, Corbett. Errors — Smith, Devereaux,
Mfi-serly, Toman. Two-base hits — Toman, Cra
vath, \Vh»c!fr. Klrst base on errors — Los An
;rel«-s 1: Oakland 2. Kirst base on balls — Oft
Corbett r>: off: Cooper !V Left on bases — Los
Aiifrelr, K: Oakland C. Struck out — By Corbett
7; by Cooper 1. Double play — Devereaux to
Schwartz to Messcrly. Sacrifice hits— Smith,
l>>veroaux. Hit by pitcher — Meeserly. Time
of game — Two hours. Umpire — O'Connell.
Los Angeles Pitcher Continues His
Great Work in the Box.
CO3BETT FANS OUT SEVEN.
By the New York Telegraph.
First race — Irefte iindsey. Van
Ness, Ev?. Bussell.
Second race — Manilian, Baton
Pepper, Judge Phillips.
Third race — Pulsus, Flammula,
Hello.
Fourth race — McChesney, Kiver
Pirate, The Picket.
Fifth race — Tithonic, The South
erner, Albertola.
Sixth race — Namtor, Gaviota,
Lady Potentate.
Seventh race — Crown Prince,
Orthodox, Telephone.
GRAVESEND SELECTIONS.
Third race, about six furlong, two-year
eld*. Prospect handicap — PuIfus VZi. Turquoise
Hlue lir>. St. Valentine 12^ SCenortea 114.
Race KinR 114. Divination 111, Lu^emb'wrK
111. Swe»»t Gretchtn 111, Crown Prince KiT.
ilasedo 92. Batts '.'."». Hello S5. Jacquin 108,
lXmple 1(*S. Flammula KM.
Fourth race, one and a rjuarter miles, the
Oriental handicap — McCh.ey.ney K>0. Caugha
wi>.£a 114. Th«? Picket 110. Hunter Rainc 106,
«"harles El wood 100, Stolen Moments 'JO, River
1 'irate 90.
Fifth rac*, about tix furlor.es, maiden two
¦vear-olfin — The Southerner 11«. Riv-r<ia!e 110.
fcon^ma Belle 107. Tithonic I1O. Kaider 107.
Snuthampton 11" 1'rtnc* Vic 107, himpMO
110 Albertola 107. I'ol Rr^Pr 110, Miss Shy
lock 107. G&mcy 1H», IJeroca 110, Fort Plain
110, Mohican 110. Vibrator 110.
Sixth race, one. an<1 an cftrhth miles, sellinjr —
Candling 101. Lord Turro 1 ( "2. Swamplands 106.
Oax'lota 9». Sctauket 10<;. &uljuci>e 1<K>,
Knight of the Garter 101. Namtor JO7. Early
Bn 103 Strnewail 1^5, Lady Potentate l<;i.
Carrel! » 1C1.
Seventh race, about six fur'onis maiden
fo-o-year-olds — Orthodox 110, Aqua 110, Com
mon*tta 107, Crown Prince 110. Sn-.er 117, Tfte
Deposid 110. OrW I'-^n M'7. Silex 107, Tfle
rhone 110. Arthur HO, OK-mtz 11<», Sir CartPr
1C<7. Monadno«-k 11". Silver I>a\s 110, St.
•Gallen IIP.
NEW YORK. Sept. 25. — Weather c!ear; track
fast. Gravesend entries:
First race, about six furlcr.ps, s-Mlir.p — Trp?
ra« 90, Haikal S»». <Jueen Elizabeth 107. Br*
Rusfell 0S», Counteri>oife 09, Allan 104. Muzio
103. Forward 101, Klsie L 10s, May Allen :U,
I^ocket 101. Neither One 103. Irene Lindsey 110.
«'aptivator 101. Princes Tuiane 100, Van Ne«3
3th. Mary Worth US. Black Fox 110. Julia
Junkin !¦"¦
Second race, about two and a half miles.
Fteepleehatie, handicap — Judpe Phillips lf>0.
OtKar 13o, Ftep Lightly 15<S. Jim Newman
1M>, Caller 150, Daron Pepper 14U, Manilian
1SS.
GBAVESEND ENTRIES.
SIXTH RACE— Selling; for three-year-olds
and upward; one and a sixteenth rcilts:
Bcttinjr. Hot* 1 . Weight. Jix;key. St. s 4 fjn.
» to 5 — McMeekin. l"ti (Burns*... 4 2 1
5 To 1 — Our Nugget. 91 <D"Souza) 3 12 1
4 to 1 — Court Maul. S» (Re«-d) 7 C 3 **
Time. 1 :4S 2-5. Start bad. Won Urivinp.
Winner. W. M. Barrlok's b. h. by Fon?o-Dai.«y
How. Ethic* 10S. Lenarka I>2. Conundrum 1<:4.
Boutonnlcre »4. Mollie Peyton 1UJ, Man-o-War
in], also ran.
FIFTH RACE— For maiden fillies and r<>1<1
;••:-. two-vear-olo*: five and a ha'.f furlongs:
letting. Horse Weight. Jockey. St. \ Fin.
24 to 1— Hurdette 112 (O'X*ill).. 1111.
IS to 1— Fin*- Art. 112 (UuP.man) 4 0 2m
.'; to 1— BIythenesF. 114 «Odom). « 3 3 *s
Time. 1 :O*» 1-5. Start poor. Won driving-
Winner. J. E. Madden's l>r. f. by l'laudit-
Clyrcena. Rob Roy 112. Gay Lizzeue 112.
'--.:.- I^lnk 112, Monsoon 114. Hyderanpea
312 Gameftresf: 112. Merry Momonts 112,
<>r*de!l 112. Billy Roche 112. ".V.^tana 112.
I'.uth Parrleh 112, also ran.
FOURTH RACE— Handicap; Jor all Bges;
one «jid a sixteenth miles?
Htttine- Hor?«- Weight. Jockey. St. -^i Fin.
1 to i-Hfraiis. 134 « Fuller) 1 1 12
TO to 1 — Colonsay. *•> (D. O'Connor) (j 2 2 'i
10 to 1— M. Richardson. 95 (Ca'.hn) .'» <5 3 2
Time. 1:46 1-0. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. E. U. Thomas' ch. c. by Hermance-
Katy of the West. Carbuncle 1(W. April Show
er W. leader 1<»4. Bonn'.K-rt 108. also ran.
THIRD RACE — The Alppria filing stakes:
for two-year-olds: five and a half furlongs:
B*ttir.(c. Horse Weight. Jockey. St. Kin.
16 to ft— Dick Tcrpin 111 (Hullir-n) 2 111
.'{ to 1— Flammu'.a 1^4 (Fuller),. 4 2 2 l s »
7 to 1— J. Maxim. VXi (Cal'.ahan) 1 3 :i 6
Time. 1 :*VT. Start fair. Won diivinit. Win
ner A. .¦¦•!:.--¦:::.- b. g. by Hfnry of Navarre-
Tarpeh*. Wotan K»T. Moruella lnj. Letola 104.
Tom Cod «7. Bath lieach 102. Prince Salm
Salrn 104, also ran.
SECOND ItACB— Soiling; thrc;-.-?ar-olds and
upward; one mile:
Bettlns. Horse Weischt. Jockf-y. St. % Fin.
1 to '2— H. Chancellor. 1<C <O'X«il) :i - 1 H
20 to 1 — Monograph. Ill (.Bullman) 112 4
3 to 1— Sir Voorfcies. 1O:» (Boisent. '1 i A 14
Time 1:40 C-r>. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. J. A. Drake's b. c. by OJd Fellow-
Leonatus Mare No. '2. Wyefioid W, Harding
ICO. -. ¦> ¦ ran.
GRAVESENP RACE TRACK, N.
V.. Sept. 2-"i.— K. K. Thomas' Her
rnis took up 134 pounds and beat
an ordinary field of horses at Gravesend
to-<5ay In a handicap at one and a six
teenth miles. H as tn0 i- rst t' m e Fuller
ever rode? Hcrmls. There was much in
terest among rarofroors as to how Rood a
performance he could get out of Thomas'
horse.
August Pelmonfs Dick Turpin. which
vron several races at Keniiworth Turk,
Ftuffalc, captured the Algeria stakes, de
feating: Klammula, Juvenal, Maxim and
others.
lielmont's colors were also very near
the front at the end of the fifth race,
when his filly. Fine Art, finished roso
lutdy second to Burdette, with Blythe
nefs third.
MoMeekln. with Burns up, ridden with
ell of that rider's vipor. was lucky to win
the last race. Our Nugsct had the race
woe, every one thought, up to the last
two etrides, then the boy or the filly tired
and McMfckin's hood showed In front.
FIRFT RACE — Handicap for all ajtrs; about
fix furlorics:
Uttttri£. Korse Weight J«x-k«>y. St. a i Fin.
1 to 1 — Mamte'Wortti 11* (Hick?) 1111
IK to 5 — Inpold 113 (Burns') :• 4 '2 -I
10 to 1— Yountj Henry. 1^0 (Fuller) S 8 3 1
Time. 1 :1<» 3-5. Start poor. Won driving:.
¦Winner. J. Worth'* ch. f. by pt. Gcorce-Kih*'!
Tliotna*. Demurrer 1(JT> Olympian U<fc CJold
£*int 102. Lui Caota 1»», Caterpillar 5)0. Lass
©' UiniJen B0. Squid 88, elsj ran.
Ceylon.
Third race — Auditor, Proceeds,
English Lad.
Fourth race — Hargis, By Ways,
Dutch. Carter.
Fifth race— Delagoa, Toah, Ancke.
Sixth race — Linguist, Brush By,
Sidney C. Love.
HAWTHORNE SELECTIONS.
By the Chicago Inter Ocean.
First race — Redan, Best Man,
Eva's Darling.
Second race — Indian II, Galba,
Sixth race. on» mile — Linguist 111, Sidney
C Love ill. Plrateer 108. Brush By 103.
Alfred C 104. Early 104, Christine A 101.
Fifth race, six and a half furlongs — Pronta
104, Toah 1(M, Delagoa 1W, McGee 101,
Ancke 08.
Third race, seven furlongs. Fell stakes —
Auditor ll'f.. Proceeds 123, English Lad 119,
J. P. Mayberry 107, Dorice 102. I-anark OS.
Fourth race, one and an eitttith miles; handi.
cap— Hargls 111, Callant 107, By Ways 102,
Bard Bums SX>. Dutch Carter 90, Finfral 90.
Second race, {steeplechase, short course,
handicap — Oylon 1«O. Duke cf York 157. In
dian 11 u:>. Handvlce 147. Falella 141. Galba
14ii I'aulaker 13s. First Past 132. Ieenl 132,
First race, six furlongs, selling — Automaton
110. Kt;<el Wheat 100, Old Hutch 107. Redan
1<V7 Zyra 100, livening Star 10« Jim Clark
lur.. Ee=t Man llio. Paul Whaley 104. Evas
Darling 104, Zibia 104, Frivol 103, Ivcrnia 100.
Alee H'.t.
CHICAGO. Sept. 25. — Weather clear; track
fatt. Hawthorne entries:
HAWTHORNE ENTRIES.
StXTB RACK — One mile; purse:
Betting. Horse Weight Jockey. St. \ Fin.
J \.r> ft— Beau Ormonde, 110 (Phlr*) 1114
7 to 2— Dr. Stephen*. 110 (Irvin). 4 4 2 7
15 to 1— . c t. Taipmany. 1Q7 (Davis) 3. 3 3 1
Time, 1:41. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. Mrs. L,. Kripp's ch. h. by Ormonde-Ml3S
ISrummel. Harry New 110, also ran.
Time. '2:W2 '2-o. Start poor. Won easily.
Winr.tr F. Cook's br. g. by IjCttoon-Anvolee.
Sir. Dingle 01. Mies Liza 104. also ran.
FIFTH RACE — One and three-sixteenth
rr.ilte; selling:
Betting. Horse Weight Jockey. St. »; Fin.
¦2 to !» — Havilar.d. OS (Phillips)... 5 1 1 1V4
7 to 1 — O'Hagen. 98 (Sp»ncer) ..3 2 2 2
20 to 1 — Oompacs, 9S (Williams). "4333
FOURTH RACE — Five furlongs; selling:
Betting. Hone. Weight Jockey. St. •% Fin.
V2 to 1— C^ockayotte 101 (Adkins) 1 1 1 1H
[9 to 1— Riun. 101 (Buchanan) 9 8 2 1
15 to 1 — Determination. Irt» (Nichol) 8 2 3 n
Time. 1 :(•_'. Start fair. Won easily. Win
ner. Ward & Harlan's ch. g. by Huron-Fannie
EilMley, Santemo 101. Fox Lake 101. Aggie
Lewis 100 Foresight 104 Sol Smith 104 Ou
rieii i«». Hoceo 90. Myrondale 99. Brookwood
Belle 101. Lorenz 104. al?o ran.
THIRD RACE— Six furlongs; handicap:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. \ Fin.
3 to 5 — Don t)omo.. 94 (Ferrell)... 4 1 1 n
4 to 1 — Orfeo 10.'5 (Buchanan) 1 2 2 3
O to 1 — Callant. 108 (Dean) 2 3 3 4
Time, 1:14. Start poor. Won handily. Win
ner. J P. Xewnmn's gr. g. by Ranooca»-
Falthlen. Edward Hale 88. The Forum 90,
also ran.
SECOND RACE— One mile: selling:
netting. Horse. Weight Jockey. St. »i Fin.
tl to 1— J!e.'.io 1<*4 (Pollak) 7 112
7 to 5— First Chip 110 (Buchan) 2 2 2 6
SO to 1— Rosrwater. 102 (Ollphant) l» 5 3 5
Time. 1 :42 2-5. Start bad. Won easily.
Winner. H. T. Griffin's br. f. by Chorlster-
Marsa. Kmir 107. Lemco 107. Safeguard 107,
Ncstoria U&. Dr. Worth II 102, Orphetim 110,
Prodigal Son 1<>5, John Lemons 110, Ontona
gon 110. also ran.
FIRST RACK— Seven furlongs; purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. »; Fin.
» to 5— Pir l^auncelot. 102 (Bonner) 5 2 1 h
'.» to '2— Don't AEk Mf, 107 (Robins)lO 3 2 2
4 to 1— NiTvator. 105 (Williams).. 3 13 5
Time. 1 :30 1-5. Start rood. Won driving.
Winner. R. W. Street & Co.'s b. g. by Klnge
t'>n-Citrone!la. Marshalsea 107, Schwarrwald
lu2. Lady Wentv.orth 107. Reckless 105. Flor
ence H 107. Meteor 105. Rubo 102, John Pow
*rs 10.".. Merrynight 107 Chief Aloha 102.
Kt-nance 107. Can Nell 102, also ran.
The track was fast, the weather cool
and pleasant and the attendance fair.
Summaries:
Don Domo acted badly at the post,
and when the barrier was sprung he was
next to last. The gelding showed his
usual brilliant burst of speed and ran
by his Held as though they were tied.
When *>rrell saw he had the race won
he eased I: is mount, drawing the finish
to a line point. /Orfeo being only a head
back of him at the wire. Four favorites
won.
annexing the third and feature
race of the Hawthorne card to-day. The
"gray streak" was a prohibitive favorite
at 3 to 5, backed from 7 to 10, and the
only horse to receive any backing, the
others only being nibbled at
CHICAGO. Sept. 25. — Don Domo,
with only 94 poxinds on his back,
rewarded his many followers by
Special Dispatch to The Call,
the Winner at the Wire.
Four Favorites Landed
Orfeo Only a Head Back of
McMeekin Captures the Last
Event From Our Nug
get in Last Two Strides
Thomas' Horse, Fuller Up,
Carries i34 Pounds and
Yet Wins Race Handily
Gelding Shows a "Splendid
Burst of Speed After a
Bad Start at Hawthorne
FERRELL MAKES
A CLOSE FINISH
WITH DON DOMO
HERMIS SHOWS
HIS HEELS TO AN
ORDINARY FIELD
2:ll> class, pacing, purse $2000, two in three —
Tom Keene won two straight heats in 2:08%.
2:10. Ravena Wilkes, Hal Chafnn, Dick Wil
flon. Go Direct, Fred II, Purity and Ella H also
started. Second and third money divided.
2:07 class, trotting, purse $1000, two in three
— Dan T won the eecond and fourth heats in
2:07%. Rythmic won the first heat in 2:06%.
Charley won the third heat in 2:08%. Foreno
and Prince of Orange also started. Second
and tWrd money divided.
2:10 class, pacing, purse $800. three in five—
Johnny Wiseman won second, third and fourth
heats in 2:0S"/i. 2:07%, 2:07*4. G W D won
first heat in 2:10. Foxy Curd, Mary Anna, Joe
Interest, Cascade. Jolisco. Illinois, Star Pugh,
Alvina Wilkes. Kingsmore, Honest John, Sa
lem. Red Patchen and Byrl Wilkes also started.
2:09 cla««, trotting, purse $800, two in three —
Walnut Hall won third and fourth heats in
i'.WA. 2:11. Belle Kuser won second heat in
2:0SVj. Mabel Onward won first heat in 2:O9V4.
Maxine and Lord Vincent also started.
|ng. He smokes a smaller cigar and
wears a hat of less caliber than Tod. It
Is estimated that, Fuller will' earn $50,000
this season, and all of the wealthy own
ers are bidding for his eervices. i :
COLUMBUS, Ohio, Sept. 25.— Favorites swept
the card at the getaway day of the Grand Cir
cuit meeting, but Tom Keene waa the only
horse to win without a desperate . struggle.
Summary:
Takes 2:10 Pace at Last Day of the
Columbus Meeting.
TOM KEENE WINS HANDILY.
Bookmaker Caesar Young departed for
Los Angeles last evening. The meeting
at that point, which opens on October 10,
will be conducted on the syndicate plan,
from all accounts. Before leaving for the
southern city Caesar asked to have some
stalls reserved for his horses. This dis
poses of the rumor that his colors would
not be seen acain at Oakland.
Recent reports from New York have
George Rose off $40,000 loser. The Califor
nia layer' makes the largest individual
book In the country, and even if he has
encountered some squally weather of late,
two or three good days would , find him
again sailing on an even keel.
Puller, now riding in such splendid form
on the New York tracks, is almost as big
a card as- Tod Sloan ever thought of be-
The holder of an "out" on the Cash
Club, calling for $7 from last Saturday's
meeting at Oakland, can collect same on
presentation of the ticket to Secretary
Percy Treat of the California Jockey
Club.
Charles Boots has applied for thirty
stalls at Tanforan track. This means
that the popular owner of Elmwood farm
will race a big string the coming winter.
Barney Schreiber quite recently applied
to the California Jockey Club, by letter,
for thirty stalls at Oakland. Last season
Barney tried to conduct a healthy purse
colecting business with, a poor bunch of
racing hardware. The campaign, so far
as the stable was concerned, was much
of a frappe affair, but this next trip the
St. Louis penciler will bring out some of
his best material. Buchanan Is doing his
riding.
Judging from an application made to
Secretary Treat for forty stalls, Walter
Jennings will race here on an extensive
scale.
There Is money in laying combination
odds when the play comes right. The
combination book at Seattle earned $12,000
during a flfty-six-day meeting.
Thomas H. Williams and family leave
for Chicago and the Eastern country on
Wednesday morning next. The president
of the California Jockey .Club makes the
trip on business in connection- with the
approaching racing season.
JOHN CONDON of Chicago will con
trol the field books at the coming
winter meeting of the California
Jockey Club, which opens at Oak
land on November 14.
For a time after the closing down of
Ingleside track some years ago the field
book business was at low ebb. With the
Increased interest shown for racing and
the large number of recruits to the game
every season a one-time drug on the mar
ket is now In demand, it would Seem.
Last season George Rose had the privi
lege, which earned him something more
than $Ji000. John Condon is the owner of
Harlem track and the central figure in
Chicago racing at the present time. He
Is also a heavy stockholder in the Cali
fornia Jockey Club. Rose was a seeker
for the privilege again this season, but
the bid of the Chicago turf magnate ex
ceeded that of the California layer of
odds.
When the first of the Futurity candi
dates were paraded this spring the Fetter
Free-Motto litter, owned by Frank Mc-
Comb, was thought unbeatable. They
won a number of stakes, and were pro
nounced in a class by themselves. T. J.
Cronin then brought out Fair Tralee,
which assumed the lead in the young di
vision at once. I His prospects were
dimmed recently when he broke one of
his toes. This interfered with his train
ing and has injured his chances, ap
parently. , "
The experts on form figure both he
and McVey will win their first trials to
day. This will bring them together to
morrow morning in the first round.
Mi Amigo, C. C. Griswold's representa
tive, is conceded the first two trials, and
should then continue on his wlnrflng ca
reer into the big money.
P. J. Horgan, Dr. F. P. Clark and D.
Walsh, representative up country cours
ing enthusiasts, will start youngsters
which have had but little running here.
Their kennels may contain the winner, as
their hounds are fashionably bred and
have . had considerable experience In pri
vate trials.
"The Futurity was run for the first time
In 1900. It was worth $3000 and was won
by Frank Jones* Harlean Gladj-3. The
same owner's Lovina was runner up.
The winner was St. Lawrence-Moonlight.
In 1901 Sterl & Knowles* Cold Shivers,
by For Freedom-Amarosa, beat Hickory
Dick. The stake was worth $2356.
Last year George Nethcrcott's great
young dog Pocatelli, a son of Emin
Pasha, beat Belle Free In the deciding
course. The total value of the stake was
$24S8. •
A large number of greyhounds will be
sent to this coast upon the completion of
the circuit In the Middle West, wWch in
cludes the Waterloo. John . Russell of
Cable, 111., will send a string In charge of
Ed Neeves. E. M. Kellogg and j Cecil
Lyons will also be strongly represented.
Jack Dennis has sold Master Rocket to
W. J. O'Neill of Fresno. The son of
Rocker-Rocklln Belle was one of the fast
est performers here and should give a
good account of himself on the San Joa
quin Valley fields. ¦
' J. O' Shea's ' famous greyhound Susie
has whelped one puppy to Black Coon.
The same owner has mated Young Amer
ica- and Golden Rule.
The special train' for' Union -Park to
day will leave Third \ and Townsend
streets at 11:15, one hour later than usual.
There will be four trains to-morrow, at
10:15, 11. 12 and 1 o'clock. -
After' the first round of the open stake
THE fourth renewal of the Califor
nia Coursing Futurity, one of the
classic events of the Interstate
Club, will be ruri to-day and to-morrow
at Union Coursing Park. The stake has
'attracted an entry of forty-five young
greyhounds, the pick of those whelped on
this coast last year.
The stake has an unusually open look,
although M. C. Delano's McVey Is con
sidered to have the best chance. He is
one of the youngest in the State, being
but fourteen months old.
M. C. Delano's Young Grey
hound' Is Considered to
Possess Remarkable Speed
Chicago Racing Magnate Out
bids George Rose, Who
Won Heavily Last Season
JOHN CONDON
WILL CONTROL
FIELD BOOKS
EXPERTS FIGURE
McVEY FAVORITE
FOR FUTURITY
NEW YORK, Sept. '2o.-The big
event at the Empire City track
to-day was the effort of the
champion gelding. Major Delmar, to beat
his record of 2:00»i and to beat the world's
record of 2:00. held by Lou Dillon. He
trotted a wonderful mile and in a game,
but tiring finish, shot under the wire
equaling the record time of Lou Dillon.
After a preliminary warming up the
gelding champion came out for his great
trial at 4:30. He went round the first turn,
broke and came back. At the second at
tempt he went away as steady as a clock
and though a slow beginner, got to the
quarter in :3OV4. Up the back stretch he
shot with such lightning rapidity that he
flashed by the half-mile pole in 59 sec
onds. Then the spectators in the grand
stand rose and cheered as the gallant son
of Delmar flew round the top turn to the
three-quarters pole in 1:29. He came
homo to the wire in 2:00, thus equaling
the time of Lou Dillon. It was a splendid
performance by the animal, which
changed owners yesterday at the high
est price— $40,000— ever paid for a gelding.
Major Delmar is a New York animal,
bred, foaled, trained and owned in the
Empiro State.'
Two running horses, hitched to sulkies,
were provided for pacemakers. The
pulky, equipped with wind shield, was
driven by George R. Shears, the regular
trainer for E. E. Smathers, Major Del
mar's owner. Summary:
2:1S class, pacing, purse $500 — Aizllle won
the second and third heats in 2:12 I ,6, 2:12^j.
Joe S. Nelson won the first heat In '2:12%.
George R. Heck. Burr Oak, Sanfreta, Hose
Electrlte, Davgi Muscovite and Clover also
started!
2:12 class, trottlnsr, Duree $S0O — Marion
Wilkes won the flm and third heats in 2:OS'4.
2:11. Promise won the second heat in 2:10.
Queen Wilkte, Van Zandt, Edgewood and Nell
Gwynne also started.
2:18 class, trotting-, purse $500 (unfinished) —
Alfonso Maid won the second heat in '2:12%.
Bernie won the first heat in 2:13»£. Cordova,
Ballston. Joe N and Hie Boy also started.
2:09 class, pacinu, purse SDOO (unfinished) —
Brodina won the second heat in 2:00*4. Non
amie won tho first heat in 2:0SVj. Dlabilto.
Theron Powers, Gyp Walnut, Gold Brick, and
Freslmont also started;
Special, to beat 2:00Vi — Major Dolmar. b. g'.
by Delmar-Expectation, by Autograph (Mc-
Donald), won. Time. :30i4. :C9. 1:2*.», 2:00.
Time by quarters, :30'^, :2Stf, :30, :31.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, JS A TUKD AY, SEPTEMBER 26, 1903.
dictions of His Admirers That His Name~ Could Be "Bracketed
With That of the Recently Crowned : Queen of Trotters
Horse Purchased for $40,000 by E.E. Smathers Justifies the, Pre-
GALLANT SON OF DELMAR
SHOWS MARKED GAMENESS
MAJOR DELMAR EQUALS LOU DILLONS TWO-MINUTE RECORD
9
'advertisements.
jRi Physicians Recognize
the remarkable tonic and construct-
-^^S . ive qualities of
is endorsed and prescribed by the
doctors. The ideal food-drink,
S^^^^^^j invigorating, sustaining, NOT in-
J^p§2§y|||py toxicating. It contains 14.60^ genuine
ll^^S^H nutritive extract and less than 2% of
P; v* irc«wuiu u*n» "fly 3 .3 - - -
alcohol.
hgQj S^J&.SZi&^'fajlzJ Sold by druggists. Prepared by
B^^^^P Anheuser-Busch Brewing Ass'n
St. Louis, U. S. A.WASHINGTON, D. C, Sept. 25.-Post
offlces discontinued: California — Rellz,
Monterey County, October 14, mail to
Soledad; Youbet. Nevada County, Octo
ber 15. mail to Dutch Flat.
Postmasters commissioned: Oregon
George H. HIggins, Barnegat.
Washington— Carey W. Stewart, Quincy
Charles \V. Austin, Cusickv .'
Fourth class postmasters appointed:
Washington— Robert Murray, Silverton,
Snohomish County, vice Maggie McKln
ney, resigned.
Of Interest to Pacific Coast.
SEATTLE — Arrived Sept . 25 — Stmr Senator,
from Nome.
PORT BLA.KELET- Arrived Sept jj 23— Br
ship Cortez r from Tacoma.
Sailed Sept 25— Bark Prussia, for San Fran
cisco.
Friday, September 25. '
Etmr Mlneola, Klrkwood, 100 hours from
Tacoma; Oakland direct.
Ship Santa Clara, Larsen, 25 days from Bris
tol Bay.
BAILED.
Friday, September 25.
Etmr South Portland, Mclnty re, Astoria and
Portland.
OUTSIDE, BOUND IN, 12 MIDNIGHT.
Schr Wilbert L Smith.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
Late Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Demand Shorter Working Hours.
PORTLAND. Or. Sept. 25.— The local
unions of pressmen and bookbinders have
given their employers until Monday even-
Ing to grant them an eight-hour day at
the same rate of wages now received for
nine hours' work. Resolutions were
passed to this effect at a special meeting
of the unions last night. They job print
ers are now asking for a reduction of
hours, but expect a proportionate de
crease to be made In their wages. The
reason assigned for their stand Is that
the proprietors had many contracts which
they secured by figuring on the longer
workday.
Francis Joseph Will Fight if Oppo
sition Is Pushed to the
Extreme.
LONDON, Sept. 26.— According to a dis
patch in the Dally Mail from, Vienna tHe
Austrian Emperor has decided to fight If
the Hungarians ftmsh their opposition to
his wishes to the extreme. The Austrian
War Ministers and a number of- officers
have already gone to Hungary.
EMPEROR DETERMINED
TO BEND HUNGARIANS
No visitors were received to-day at Sag
amore Hill and it Is unlikely that any
more visitors will call upon the Presi
dent during the remainder of his sojourn
here. .'. ."*'.'
OYSTER BAY. X. Y.. Sept. 25—Presi
dent Roosevelt to-day made his first ap
pearance this summer on the streets of
Oyster Bay on a week day, except when
passing to and from a train. The Presi
dent spends no time in the executive of
fices In the village, all of his business
being transacted at Sagamore Hill. To
day, accompanied by Mrs. Roosevelt, the
President took a long horseback ride. Ab
they passed through the village on their
way to Sayvllle they were kept busy bow-
Ing continually to friends and acquain
tances. They were unaccompanied.
PRESIDENT GOES RIDING
THROUGH COUNTRY LANES
SACRAMENTO. Sept. 25.— Mrs. S. X.
Pianette of Los Angeles paid'a visit this
afternoon to the office of Dr. Foster, sec
retary of the State Board of Health, and
of W. 8. Melick. secretary of the State
Board of Examiner*, to make complaint
against the management of the Southern
California Hospital. Her husband la a
Presbyterian minister. He was sent to
the hospital for treatment and, It is
claimed, while he was In the Institution
he lost his voice. Mrs. Pianette Is after
the scalp of Dr. Dolan, the first assistant
physician of the hospital. She thinks he
should be dismissed from the State's ser
vice.
CLAIMS Trvrn. HUSBAND
WAS BADLY NEGLECTED
Mrs. S. N. Pianette Makes Complaint
Against Management of South
ern California Hospital.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 25.-Hazing at
Annapolis was one of the subjects dis
cussed at the Navy Department to-day
between Secretary Moody and Captain
"Willard H. Brownson, superintendent of
the naval academy. Since returning from
his vacation Captain Brownson has Insti
tuted a thorough Investigation of affairs
at the academy, and to-day informed the
Secretary that no hazing exists at An
napoliSf There are not more than twenty
upper classmen at the institution. As
coon as the midshipmen return from their
holiday the superintendent will renew the
vigorous policy against hazing which
proved effective last year.
Secretary Moody recently said to Cap
tain Brownson: "If hazing exists at An
napolis stop It, and the Navy Department
will back you."
Superintendent and Secretary Moody
Have Conference Concerning Naval
Academy Discipline.
DECLARES HO HAZING
EXISTS AT ANNAPOLIS
B. Solomon and M. Hartman, members
of the firm of Solomonson, Hartman &
Solomon of 106 Third street, were arrested
last evening by Detectives Ryan and Tay
lor and Railroad Detective Lewin on war
rants issued by Police Judge Fritz, charg
ing them with receiving stolen property.
The police allege that Solomon and Hart
man were Implicated with the systematic
pilfering of Southern Pacific freight cars
at Salinas by Rutherford. Allard, Carey
and Graves, inasmuch "as the stolen goods
were purchased by them.
The specific charge against the two de
fendants Is tha purchase of 4CWclgars and
two cases of toys from Rutherford and
his partners in crime. The goods were
stolen from freight cars at Salinas and
reshipped to this city as dry goods.
B. Solomon and M. Hartman Taken
Into Custody in Connection With
Salinas Robberies.
SAN JOSE. Sept. 25.— The fruit season in
the valley is nearly over and It is esti
mated that the aggregate shipments this
year will equal those of last year. In the
matter of prices the showing will be bet
ter, the returns from all grades of green
fruits sold East since the opening of the
season being one-third more than the en
tire receipts last season. The canners are
pleased with the season's output. The
cherry crop, while but one-half of last
year, was the finest produced in years.
The apricot crop turned out larger than
anticipated and the fruit was excellent.
The poaches were lan<c and fine and the
prices fair. The Bartlett pear- crop was
not large, but the pears were magnificent
as to size and quality. The apple crop
¦was fairly good. The prune crop, while
not more than half the size of last year's
crop, was of fine size and quality. It is
mostly on the trays, with fine weather for
drying. As this season was earlier than
last, the prospect for a clean-up before
the rains set in is good. The growers are
hoping for a 3*4 cent basis, owing to do
mestic and foreign conditions.
SANTA CLARA ORCHAKDS
ENJOY A PROSPEKOTTS YEAR
PURCHASES OF GOODS
LEADS TO TWO ABBESTS
XEW YORK. Sept. 3.— The fojlowlng
Californians have arrived: San Francisco
— C. E. Coxe, at the Astor; D. W. Dickie,
et the Grand Hotel: F. H. Fuller, at the
Continental; W. A. Hackney, at the Grand
Union.
Santa Barbara— Miss Holden, at the
Manhattan.
San Diego— Mrs. A. Stray, at the Hol
land.
Santa Ana— I. J. Marks, at the Cadillac.
Pasadena— E. M. Lyons, at the Nether
land.
Californians in New Yori.
The fight occurred as the eastbound
overland train was stopping at Durkee.
Gibson had nearly completed a search of
the train for Charles Ritner, who is want
ed in Baker City on the charge of as
saulting 12-year-old Mabel McAuley. He
scrutinized the faces of all the male pas
sengers. A man curled up on a seat in
the smoker objected to being examined
and drow a knife and slashed the Deputy
Sheriff. Gibson raised the train lantern
he carried in his hand and brought it
down across the head of his assailant
with fearful force. The fellow was
knocked senseless and did not recover
until an hour later. He was taken to Ba
ker City this morning and placed in the
county jail. It is thought from his ac
tion that he must be wanted on a crim
inal charge somewhere and he will be
held until his identity can be established.
PORTLAND, Or., Sept. 25.— Deputy
Sheriff Gibson was seriously hurt In a
fight on th» train last night at Durkee
•with an unknown criminal. He was
etabbed twice in the face and in the chest
with a knife.
Suspected Criminal Murderously As-
saults Officer on an East-Bound
Overland Train.
SLASHES DETECTIVE
IN FACE WITH KNIFE
Colonel William Hogan, a member of
the original Columbia Lodge, said to-day
that the grievance of his brother Knights
had been referred to the grand chancellor
of California. "We claim the name Co
lumbia belongs to us, and we propose to
fight to retain it," Bald Colonel Hogan.
Some of the members of the original Co
lumbia Lodge favor going to law to main
tain their lodge name.
Knights of Pythias of Sacramento
Rebel Against Action Taken
by Colored Brethem.
'SACRAMENTO, Sept. 25.— Tha friend
ship which bound Damon in inseverable
ties to Pythias does not appear to exist
between two lodges • of tlje Knights of
Pythias in this city, and there is threat
of a suit at law. Some time ago Jacob
Soares, messenger in the Governor's of
fice, organized a lodge of the Knights of
Pythias made up exclusively of colored
citizens and named it Columbia Lodge.
It happens that there Is a Pythian Colum
bia lodge of long standing made up of
white citizens, and when they heard of
the assumption of the name Columbia by
the lodge of colored men they rebelled.
They asked that the name be changed,
but the colored Knights declined to con
sider the request, saying they were or
ganized under a charter granted by the
Supreme Lodge of Colored Knights of
Pythias, with headquarters in Massachu
setts, that they like the name Columbia,
and all they wanted was to be let alone.
DISPUTE OVER LODGE NAME
MAY I/FSAT) TO A LAWSUIT
Commander Richardson Clover, U. S.
N.. and Mrs. Clover are down from their
cummer home at Callstoga and registered
at the Palace.
Lewis T. Wright, who is connected with
th© big copper smelting company at Kes
¦u-.ch. Is registered at the Palace.
H. Um Piper, a prominent business man
of Seattle, and his bride of a few days
are spending their honeymoon at the Pal
ace-
Victor H. Woods, State Surveyor Gen
eral, is down from Sacramento and is
staying at the Lick.
E. J. Lewis of the Diamond Match
Company arrived from Chlco yesterday
and is at the California-
F. H. Kennedy, head of a big hard
ware firm of Stockton, is a guest at the
California-
Albert C. Mannas, a mining man of
Carapo Seco. Is among the latest arrivals
at the Palace.
F. A. Hlhn, a capitalist of Santa Cruz,
is at the Palace.
Assemblyman F. E. Dunlaj> of Stock
ton 1« at the Lick.
Houghton Murray, a mining man of
Cisco. Is at the Palace.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Resolved, That A. Sbarboro, the chairman
of the' California Promotion Committee, be and
Jr hereby usktd to appear before the California
State Board of Trade at Its next meeting and
respectfully request that such action be taken
by the said board as will enable said board to
sever all connections now existing between it
and the California Promotion Commtttee so
that said Promotion Committee can be reor
ganized by Its original organizers, the presi
dents of the commercial bodies of San Fran
cisco, on the general plan provided for in the
preambles and resolutions presented at the
meeting of «ald presidents this day. Septem
ber 2S. 1903.
This matter win come before the State
BoaTd of Trade at its next meeting. The
plan of reorganization embraces the idea
of having one representative in the Pro
motion Committee from each of tho com
mercial organizations of the city, and
also one member at large, making a work
ing committee of seven. One effect of
this will be to materially reduce the rep
resentation of the State Board of Trade
on the committee.
It is also planned to have an advisory
committee consisting of the Governor of
California and one representative each
from the Sacrairento Valley Development
Association, the north coast counties, the
San Joaquln Commercial Association, the
State Mining Bureau, the Los Angeles
Chamber of Commerce, the Southern Pa
cific Company, the Sar.ta Fo Railroad
Company, the California Northwest
ern Railroad Company and the North
Shore Railroad Company. When the Cal
ifornia Promotion Committee was formed
it was made a committee of the State
Board of Trade, but it has proceeded in
dependently with the consent of the State
Board of Trade.
At a subsequent meeting ot representa
tives of the six commercial organizations
of San Francisco, who were the original
organizers of the Promotion Committee,
the following resolution was adopted:
Resolved. That the thanks of the com
mercial organisations of San Francisco be,
and they are hereby, tendered to the Cali
fornia State Board of Traflc, for the able,
energetic and suce*»f!srul efforts made by Its
committee, the California Promotion Commit
tee, toward developing, upbuilding and ranking
known the resources of thla State; and be It
further
The California Promotion Committee
has voted to reorganize and separate from
the State Board of Trade. This action
was decided upon at a meeting at which
Andrea Sbarboro, A. A. Watkins, W. A.
Eissell, Rufus P. Jennings, N. P. Chip
man, O. M. Wooster, G-. W. McNear and
E. O. McCoTmiek were present. A reso
lution was adopted as follows:
He-solved, That It t*» recommended to the
original org&olEers, with the sanction of the
State Eoard of Trade, liiat the California
Promotion Committee be raor^aalred so that
It Ehail consist of one representative from
each of the six commercial orjffcjilzatlons of
San Franolsco. to-wit: The Chamber of Corn
cures, the Merchants' Exchange, »l;e Manu
facturers' and Producers' Association, the
San Francisco Board of Trade, the State Board
of Trade, the Merchants' Assoolation and one
at larve, and that aa advisory committee of
the Promotion Committee bo established to in
clude the Governor of California and repre
sentatives of the different commercial organiza
tions of the State and the several railroad
companies operating In the State.
The detectives have ascertained that
Johnson committed tho following bur
glaries: On August 24 he entered the res
idence of J. H. Bruner, at 1C30 Broadway;
on August 16 he paid a visit to the home
of Charles Jelleneck, at 1S11 Baker street;
on September 5 Mrs. Cardozes of 204 Mc-
Allister street received a visit from John
ron; George W. Prefontane of 501 Van
Ness avenue also had the interior of his
residence examined on September 6;
Johnj»on also called at the residence of
Mra. Whimple, at 43 McAllister street, on
September 23. The police have recovered
the property stolen from the places en
tered this month.
Johnson admitted that he had served a
term in an Eastern penltentizcry. but re
fused to give the location. No owners
have appeared to claim tho property
found on his person, but the detectives
are confident they will connect him with
several other burglaries and are highly
elated over the capture.
By tho arrest last evening of Edward
Johnson, alias Edward St. Clafr. alias Ed
v.-ard VCarren. by Detectives Malcahey
asd O'Dca, the polioe claim one of the
most skillful and daring burglars that
has ever operated in this city is behind
the bars. Johnson la accused of having
perpetrated no Ies3 than five burglaries
wit£u"n & few wocks and has earned the
soubriquet of the "noonday burglar"'
from the fact that he has made a spe
cialty of visiting houses In the Western
Addition between the hoars of 12 m. and
2 p. m. by the a!d of skeleton keys and
ransacking tlae rooms while tlie various
families were partaking of luncheon.
Detectives Mulcahey and O'Dea had
been furnished with an excellent descrip
tion of fbe Intrepid crook, and after a
search covering a period of six weeks suc
ceeded in taJcing him Into custody at Ma
son and Market streets last night. When
searched at the City IMson several valu
able watches and other jewelry were
found In his possession. The plunder
found la his pockets consisted of the fol
lowing articles: One lady's watch, gun
metal case, Swiss movement; one lady's
open face gold watch. Swiss movement,
with the Initials "M. II." on the case; one
gent's gold end sliver stick pin, in the
form of a knot; one lady's gold bar pin,
6ct with largo moon stone; one gold band
r'.r.r. with stone missing", ono lady's gold
breastpin; one cold bracelet, set with flvo
amethysts; one fourteen-carat gold thim
ble.
Flan of Reorganization on
New Lines Is Also
Proposed.
His Possession.
Largo Quantity of Stolen
JqwqItj Is Found in
Detectives Arrest Ed
ward Johnson for
Many Crimea
Promotion Committee
Now Seeks to Sun
der Old Ties.
NOONDAY THIEF
IS IN CUSTODY
BOARD IS ASKED
FOR A DIVORCE
Heatherbloom's Remarkable Jump.
PHILADELPHIA Sept. 25.-He a ther
bloom, the world s champion high Jumper
created a new record to-day at the Bryn
Mawr horse show by clearing the bar at
7 feet 9 inches, breaking the record of 7
feet 8 inches established by the same
horse last year.
OAKLAND, Sept 25.— The following
marriage licenses were Issued by the
County Clerk to-day: William A. Evans
34, and Annie A. Hamon, 2S. both of San
Francisco; Edward L. Dwyer, 28, and
Clara V. Janshesky, 22, both of Seattle-
Joao da Silva Neves, 29, and Maria da
Pleadode, 20. both of Alameda; John
Ghlhllone. 32. Oakland, and Mary Delue
chl. 19, Alameda.
Marriage Licenses.
The crime for which Kefter was hanged
was the murder of William Warren, art
old man, who was store-tender for the
Lander-Rawllns Stage Company on the
Carmody ranch, near Bruce. December 13.
1901. Warren was shot while asleep and
his personal effects stolen. Keffar admit
ted having $5 of 'Warren's money In his
possession, but denied bavins any knowl
edge of the crime.
LANDER. Wyo.. Sept. 25.— James Kef
fer, the murderer of William Warren, waa
hanged in the Jail yard here to-day. The
condemned man spent a part of his last
night on earth In singing, dancing and
telling stories to the death watch. The
execution attracted a great deal of atten
tion, as It was the first legal hanging In
the State since 1S03.
SPENDS IiACT NIGHT
SINGING AND DANCING
TANGIER. Morocco, Sept. 25.— The Sul
tan has issued a decree recently fore
shadowed ordering all foreigners, except
the Consuls, to leave Fez and proceed to
Tangier, "because he is engaged in a cam
paign."
TANGIER, Morocco, Sept. 25.— Letters
from Fez dated September 20 mention a
rumor that the Tsulbrane tribe has de
feated the imperial troops and as a con
sequence communication between the Sul
tan's camp and Taza Is Interrupted. A
strong force was said to be on the point
of leaving Fez to punish the Tsulbranes
and relieve Taza.
Sultan Issues Expected Decree B»
cause He Is Engaged in a
Campaign.
FOREIGNERS ORDERED
TO DEPART FROM FEZ
TUCSON. Ariz.. Sept. 25.— Joseph BalTey.
a miner employed about the smelters at
Bisbee. met a horrible death on. Thurs
day. Bailey was working underneath a
tramway which carried the molten slag
from the smelter to the dump and in
some wav one of the big- buckets con
taining several tons became detached
from the rails alone which is was be
ing conveyed and fell a distance of twen
ty feet, alighting squarely upon Bailey
and burying him under the molten slag.
The accident occurred in plain sight of
a number of Bailey's fellow workmen.
Death must have been instantaneous, as
Bailey uttered no cry. His remains were
burned almost to a crisp. Bailey was but
23 years old and had no family.
Big Bucket Containing Tons of
Molten Slag Falls on Top
of Him.
BISBEE MINER MEETS
WITH TERRIBLE DEATH
"This university has a democracy that
is found in no other university. You have
not- here the snobbishness of the colleges
of the East. To the college girl I would
say, 'Receive the men students on an
equality, even if they don't wear dress
coats.' • Make no . distinctions— men or
women. .To the men I would say, 'When
you are a student, be a good, loyal stu
dent.' Don't let us get away from . the
democratic Idea. Let the University of
California be pointed out as the one col
lege where there is always democracy."
Brief addresses were made by Ezra De
coto '00, graduate manager of the univer
sity, and Richard Tully '01, who as an un
dergraduate won distinction as an author
of plays by the student body and a lead
er in all college activities. Mr. Decoto
said he loved to remain In touch with hia
alma mater, but at just this particular
time of the year he, as graduate manager,
is often "touched" in another direction!
Mr. Tully spoke about the future of the
university, which he believed is destined
to be the greatest in the world. He said:
Art has no particular nation — It Is universal.
The theater of to-day is molded by the public
It is the people who lay down laws for the
drama, after all, and we must obey them.
You got what you really want. It all depends
on your taste.
In this country, where every one is such a
good playgoer and so interested, I feel that
there should be a national theater, a place
where wa can see played the dramas of every
nation — Greece, Italy, France. Spain, England
and America. •
ART IS UNIVERSAL.
I wish that the initiative In bringing our
English morality play to this coast might have
been taken by native sons. I feel like an Inter
loper. And yet the Intimate relations that ex
ist between our two countries justify my pres
ence here.
BROWNSVILLE, Pa., Sept. 25.— When a
car of lumber which had been shipped
from Michigan was opened here tO-day
the bodies of two men were found. It is
thought they crawled in to steal a ride,
were locked in and starved to death.
work of bringing the dramatic art to a
proper place In the university. He said
In part: .
It Is Thought the Victims Were
Locked in and Starved to
Death.
DEAD BODIES FOUND
IN A CAB OF IiUMBEB
Slayer of James Cockrlll at Jackson
Must Die* on Gallows
December 18.
CTNTHIANA, Ky., Sept. 25.— Curtis
Jett was brought Into court to-day. Judge
Osborne decided that he be banged "be
tween sunrise and sunset December IS for
killing James Cockrlll at Jackson. Ky..
July 21. 1902." When Judge Osborne said
he would send the prisoner to another
Jail Jett pleaded earnestly not to be re
turned to Lexington, Ky.
Judge Blanton filed papers giving his
grounds for a new trial preparatory to
carrying the case to the Court of Appeals
at Frankfort.
DATE OF EXECUTION
OF CUBITS JETT FIXED
BERLIN, Sept. 25.— Count von Lehn
dorff, the Prussian Master of tho Horse,
has reported to Emperor William that the
climatic and food conditions make Ger
man horses inferior to the English and
French horses and that therefore a full
regeneration of the German stock cann6t
be too quickly brought about by importing
stallions. Much of the horse food used In
Germany is now brought from America.
Count von Lehndorff suggests populariz
ing horse racing by permitting boqk mak
ing and Sunday racing.
Count Von Lehndorff Reports That
German Stock Is Inferior to
English, and French.
EECOKMENDS RACING'
TO IMPROVE HORSES
I Ben Greet, manager of the company of
English .players who will to-morrow pre
sent "Twelfth Night", in the new theater,
was called upon to tell' something of the
The State has no religion, yet the State rests
upon religion. The Government acknowledges
the fact. The declaration of Independence ac
knowledges a personal . God. Washinginton. in
his Inaugural address, declared that our hopes
as a free people, the protection of property, our
lives, our reputations, rest not on large armies,
nor on commerce, nor on secular education,
but on the religious obligations of an oath.
Every, of flew, of. State, from President to po
liceman, calls Ood to witness his assertion of
faithfulness to his trust when Inducted into
office. Is It not worth while to. preserve this
sense of religious obligation of an oath ? .
A system of education that excludes a code
ot s ethics based upon . the supernatural cannot
give religious sanction to an oath such aa
Washington claimed our property, our reputa
tions and lives depended upon for security.
STATE BESTS ON RELIGION.
In two schools — one exclusively for secular
training, the other for both secular and re
llgioux training — the same curriculum, tho
same books,, the same examination of teachers
would and should obtain. The result would be
that those who really believe in dogmatic re
vealed religion would build school houses at
their own expense and oiler teacher* qualified
to teach secular branches, to be accepted or re
jected by the .school boards of the State. And
before the money had been paid the Btata
could see that the secular instruction had been
given. Having given satisfactory secular in
struction the teachers could in their own way
impart that religious Instruction desired by pa
rents. This would solve the vexed problem.
Besides the Roman Catholic* and German
Lutherans — who support private schools, not In
protest against secular training — nearly all the
leading Protestant denominations are asking for
more religion In the schools. There can not be
more religion in the schools, as now organized
and endowed, without gross violation of the
rules. The modification would not change, but
broaden the system. The schools where no re
ligion is taught would remain the same as at
prevent. . -
Many people say that religious Instruction
should be divorced from secularCtrainlng in all
schools supported by the State. The Catholic
Church holds that a proper Interpretation of
the letter and spirit of the educational and
religious Institutions would develop a plan by
which the State may profit by all the religious
forces without compromising the principle of
withholding etate aid from the teaching of re
ligion. The State is not hostile to religion.
Then why should not the State pay for secular
education In those echools where Methodism or
Eplscopalianlsm or Catholicism is taught?
Why should tfce State concern Itself as to who
Imparts secular education?
ETHICAL LESSONS NEEDED.
Law is simply a reflex of the character of
the Individuals that constitute eociety. The
two great factors forming the character of
the individual — hence of the social body — are
religion and education. The great economic
problems that press upon .tho age must be
solved by the educator and the churchman.
The address of the day was delivered
by the Most Rev. George Montgomery,
Coadjutor Archbishop of San Francisco,
whom President Wheeler introduced as
the "friend of the young people and a
good man." Bishop Montgomery spoke at
length upon the school system of the
country, saying in part:
President Wheeler, who presided, re
ferred briefly to the significance of the
meeting, which he said ought always to
be remembered for the new epoch it In
augurated.
morning at a university meeting
held at the theater. There waa nothing
like the'stlrrlng scene of yesterday, noth
ing like such a crowd, but there was that
Earhe old student enthusiasm, and the
thousand or more "rooters" and co-eds
tucked away in one corner of the big
theater made it Interesting.
ERKELEY. Sept. 25.— The formal
taking over of the new Greek
theater, which was dedicated yes.
— — terday, was accomplished this
LONDON. Sept. 25.— General Indignation
has been aroused here by a dispute be
tween the postofflce authorities and the
management of the London and North
western Railroad over the payment for
the transportation of mails, by which the
American malls have been seriously de
layed at Liverpool when, under excep
tional circumstances, they have not beea
handled at Queenstown. It appears that
the railroad disputes its liability to carry
to London a larger portion of the Atlantic
mail than can be stowed away in an or
dinary boat train without extra payment.
The recent arrival of the Umbria mail
brought matters to a head, the railroad
officials refusing to forward the surplus
mall bass until the postofflce agents pay
the cost. Confronted unexpectedly with
this ultimatum the postofflce complied un
der protest. On the arrival of the,Etruria
September ID the railroad took up a simi
lar stand, but on this occasion the postal
authorities stubbornly declined to comply
with the conditions. Consequently, hun
dreds of mail bags brought by the Etruria
were left at the pier and were forwarded
to London in small numbers, aa the ac
commodation* of the postal cars of the or
dinary trains permitted, the last portion
of the Etrurians mail not leaving Liver
pool until Monday.
Railroad Authorities and the British
Postoffico Disagree Over Pay
ment for Tranportation.
DISPUTE CAUSES DELAY
OP AMERICAN MAIXS
PROMINENT PEOPLE "WHO
8POKE AT THE GREEK THE
ATER YESTERDAY.
In order to preserve the water while
not in use the Indians have built a little
reservoir about the spring and from this
the water Is diverted in ditches to the
various tracts which the tribe has under
cultivation. The notice posted by Tanby
was discovered yesterday by the Indians.
Instantly every member of the tribe hur
ried up the side of the mountain to get
a glimpse of the offensive notice. There
was not one of them who could read it,
but the older members knew that lta
import was not of a welcome nature. The
aged members of the tribe, old men and
women, broke down In despair, wrung
their hands and wailed doefully, while
the stalwart braves grunted scornfully.
The Indians have appealed to the Gov
ernment and should they receive no an
swer trouble may be looked for. Tanby
wants to get the water to irrigate his
orange groves in Highland.
SAN BERNARDINO. Sept. 23.— F. W.
Tanby has caused considerable trouble
among the San Manuel Indians by enter
ing upon their reservation above High
land and posting a notice appropriating
all the water in the one spring on the
place, for upon its supply the Indians de
pend absolutely. It was only a small
spring bubbling out of the mountain side
when the Indians first went to the place
twenty-five years ago. They set to work
to develop it and have succeeded in get
ting a steady flow of about five Inches.
Will Not Quietly Submit to the Ap
propriation of a Spring Claimed
by Them.
SAN MANTJEI, INDIANS
MAY CAUSE TROUBLE
"Go home," he said to the bankers,
"and tell your merchant^ and manufac
turers and railroad people that you are
still doing business at the old stand and
expect to remain. Stand by the business
interests of the country and all will be
well. The prosperity of the American
people is not measured by the price of
stocks and bonds, but by the output of
our farms and factories and the profitable
employment of labor."
The Secretary said that we either must
issue more bonds as a basis of national
bank circulation or provide some substi
tute. The present volume of Government
bonds, he said, was insufficient, and a re
cent demand for $6,000,000 of Government
bonds had consequently advanced the
price of Government bonds to a figure
that made national bank circulation un
profitable. But,' he added, any currency
system adopted must provide for ex
changeability of every form of money, so
that our people would never have cause
to look twice at bills presented in the
regular course of their business. Speak
ing of the functions of a bank, he said Its
success should not be measured by Its
dividends, but by its solvency, conserva
tism, and promptness to respond to its
customers' legitimate needs. Its reserves,
in his opinion, should be available for use
in times of emergency, and were not In
tended to be' burled and never touched.
The recent deposits of public moneys and
offers to redeem bonds had not been
made, he went on. with any expectation
of aiding the stock market, but solely to
assure the business jnen of the country
that there should be no money famine
this autumn.
MORE BONDS NECESSARY.
NEWPORT NEWS, Va.. Sept. 25.— The
Bankers' Association of Maryland and the
District of Columbia, which Is holding its
annual convention aboard a steamer in
the Potomac and Chesapeake Bay. to-day
visited the shipyard and other points of
Interest here and later went to Norfolk.
Among the special guests on the steamer
were* Secretary of the Treasury Shaw and
daughter. Comptroller of the Currency
W T llliam H. Ridgely and Ellis H. Roberta,*
Treasurer of the United States.
On the way down from Washington
Thursday night Secretary Shaw made a
speech in which he took a decidedly opti
mistic view of the business prospect3 of
the country.
Let us get a little to the bank vaults and
the pockets of the people. The gold coin and
certificates In circulation September 1, 1S0S,
was $GJirt, 16fi. 1CT). which was 37 per cent of the
total. By the first of the present month this
factor had become $1,014,531,078. or 42 per cent
of the whole. Here- in the gold currency of the
land Is a gain of $.148,364,910 within five years.
This is the strength of our circulating medium
and the crown as well as the corner-stone of
our financial system.
More vital yet Is the growth of the official
treasury of the several countries. In five years
the Bank of France has gained J127.64O.0O0
and the Austro-Hungarlan $79,120,000. In the
same period the Imperial German Bank has
lost $38. CSS. 000. the Bank of England $2,265.
000. and Russia $132,240,000. Good fortune hiis
added to the gold in the Treasury vaults of the
United States from the close cf August. 1898,
to the first day of the current month $"03,980.
29. r >. or very nearly $80,000,000 a year on the
average.
GROWTH OF TREASURY.
This Is not the whole case. These foreign
treasuries are practically the sole basis of the
finances of the respective nations. On the hold-
Ings of the Bank of England rests the credit,
public and private, of the British Empire.
With ua. besides the gold in the national
Treasury, the banks, national and other, own
$322,408,571, and this Is more than any central
institution holds, save those of France and
Russia.
National bank notes constitute less than one
elxth or our stock of money. *4l3.6»t'.915 out of
$2. 70S, 093. 003, and no legislation can change
that ratio very materially. Gold, on the other
hand, furnishes #1.2«7, 733,a4y, or hard on
one-half of our stock, and it grew nearly $12..
000,000 last month.
Let us be content to stand on the rock bot
tom of gold. Of $2. 33S. 902, 178 money In cir
culation, gold in coin aad certificates In $1,104.
630.078; bank. notes are Just leas than $400,000.
000. And again, look at the Treasury holdings.
The gold there is to-day the largest sum ever
recorded. J«53.0OO,0O0. Our Treasury holds
three and nine-tenths times the amount of gold
belonging to the Bank of England, which Is
$166,826,000; It Is more than three and eight
tenths times that If the Imperial German Bank,
which is $170,371,000. and very nearly three
times that of the Austro-Hungarlan Bank,
which Is 5221.404.000: It lacks only $8,000,000
of being equal to that of both the Banks of
England and of France, which latter holds
$494,508,000. and it exceeds the amount of Rus
sia. Germany. Belgium and the Netherlands
combined.
"WASHINGTON. Sept 23.— Ellis H. Rob
erts, Treasurer of the United States, who
Is attending the Joint convention of the
Maryland and District of Columbia Bank
ers' Association, which is being held on
board a steamboat on the Potomac River,
to-night delivered an address before that
convention, In which he said:
Wheat (Including flout) exports for tha
week ending September 21 aggregata
3.053.4S0 bushels, against 1.903.083 bushels
last week, 5.077,070 this week last year.
4,470,352 in 1902 and 3.242.810 in 1900.
Business failures In the United States
for the week entllng September 25 number
ISO. against 170 last wwk, 172 In the like
week of 1902 and 170 in 190L In Canada
failures for the week number 13. aa com
pared with 19 last week and 13 la thu
week a year ago.
Reports of conservatism and even cau
tion in fall and winter trade testify to
the rbferce of the spur of insistent de
mand which a year ago gave the selling
side such an advantage. The fewness of
car shortage complaints Isevldence alike
of the later movement of crops and of
discrimination in orders by consumers.
The quieting of demand has become more
manifest in iron and steel, where plans
for restriction of furnace output are be
ing discussed and finished products lag,
and in anthracite coal, where a number
of collerles have been put on shorter
time. Building activity at New York has
not been resumed in full, strikes of ves
sel men on the lakes retard shipments,
and advanced freight rates and high
prices for cotton, with lack of correspond
ingly higher prices for finished products,
check full resumption of operations.
Railway earnings returns are still
slightly favorable, those roads reporting
for the first half of September showing
a gam of 10 per cent over a year ago.
Relatively the test reports come fro:n
parts of the Northwest, due to better
weather and crop conditions; the South
west, which has escaped crop injury, and
the South, where^ despite crop delay and
declining cotton prices, the general out
look is still good. Eastern advices are of
fair trade, but quietness in general busi
ness is noted in New York.
Lumber and building materials are not
so active as earlier expected at the East.
Lumber is also rather quieter at tha
West.
Bradstreets to-morrow will say:
Notwithstanding several unsatisfactory
features the volume of trad© continues
large and tho distribution of merchandise
taxes shipping" facilities Announcement
of a concerted effort to restrict produc
tion of pig iron Indicates that supplies
have begun to accumulate. Railroad
earnings continue to show gains. Sep
tember returns thus far exceeding last
year's by 8.7 per cent, and those of 1W1
by 17.2 per cent. Traffic blockades oc
curred to some extent, although the
movement of farm products is still un
seasonably small.
New labor controversies have begun,
but a number of serious troubles have
been averted, and on the whole the num
ber of men idle voluntarily has dimin
ished. Enforced idleness in the iron and
steel Industries is more than offset by the
resumption of spindles at cotton mills and
there Is great activity at footwear fac
tories, although the margin of profit is
narrow. Lower prices for the leading ag
ricultural staples indicate a general be
lief in improved crop prospects. Jobbing
trade Is still making good comparisons
with previous years and. while the zenith
has been passed in fall dry goods. It is
still a satisfactory season. At many Im
portant points the weather has been more
propitious for retail trade and collections
are fairly prompt, considering the tight
ness of the money market.
Failurt.=» this vcck numbered 233 In the
United States against 207 last year, and
19 in Canada, compared with 32 & year
aso.
NEW YORK. Sept. 25.— R. G. Dun &
Co/s weekly review of trada to-morrow
will say:
Secretary Shaw Voices Op
timistic View of Business
Outlook.
Prices Indicate General Be
lief in Improved Crop
Prospects.
United States Treasurer
Addresses Bankers'
Meeting.
Railroad Earnings Con
tinue to Show
Gains.
STOCK OF MONEY
ROBERTS' THEME
TRADE VOLUME
IS STILL LARGE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 26, 1903.
Coadjutor Archbishop Montgomery Speaks on the Duty of Reli
gious Training in Schools, and Ben Greet, the English Theatrical
Manager, Makes . an Address on the Need of a National Stage
GREEK THEATER IS RECEIVED
BY ENTHUSIASTIC STUDENTS
10Continued on Page Thirteen.
The steam is all out of the Bean market
business Is now quiet and several descrlptlo-s
are falling back again. LimaB alone continue
to keep up. with • a good demand rcDorted
BEANS— Bayos, $2 «5<92 85; pea $:{"•>!-.•
Butter3, $3 25; small White, $3©3 35- laree
White. ?2 75®3; Pink. -*2 00©3; Red.. *2 l»o«fj*
Lima, $3 60@3 ti5; Red Kidneys, $4; Blackevr
$2 U5@2 70 per ctl: Horse Beam;, $1 40©i 50'
SEEDS— Brcwn Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax, $1 7o@l 80* Canary
585^0 for Eastern;' Alfalfa, nominal; Rape
lfc©2%c: Timothy 6®6%c; Hemp, 3Ke<3».*c
per lb; Millet, 3®3%c: Broom Corn Seed S20®
23 per ton. " * "
DRIED'PEAS— Green, |1 80©2 per ctl.
Beans and Seeds.
There was quit? c business in bonds on the
afternoon session of the Bond Exchange, but
stocks were dull all day. Onomea Sugar ad
vanced to ?.'{."! 50 and Pacific Gas was firm at
$5.1.
The oil stocks continued dull, with very
Httie change.
Kings River Power Company has levied an
ts«es»ment of $2. delinquent October 8.
Homestake Oil paid a dividend of 25c. or
S2CC0, yesterday. The Homestake Mining Com
pany of South Dakota paid a regular monthly
dividend of. 25c. g
Stock and Bond Exchange.
FRIDAY. Sept. 25—2 p, m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. 1 Bld.Asfc.
fs qr coup.. — — b qr c (new) — —
4s qr reg — — ¦ l::s <;r coup.. 107 '.. —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5a. — — - Do eon Sa.lOTt 105
Bay CPC r.s.104 100 O W C g 5s — —
Cal C G 5S.103H — Oceanic S 5s — —
Cal G & E g Om C R 6s. — ' —
m & ct 5s. — — Pac Q Im 4» — —
Cal-st 5a ... — — P E Ry fa. — —
C C Wat 5a. — — P & C H «s. — —
Ed L & P 6s — — P & O R 6». — —
Geary-st 3s. — — Powell-st 0s. — —
HC & S 5«js. — — 's E G&R 5s. — KKJ
H C & S 5s. — — ISF ASJV5s..l20 121
Hon R T t!«. 100*4 — • IS R of C «». — —
L A Elec 5s. — 105 [S P of A 6a
The fruit market was ratber quiet, with sup
plies of mest descriptions ample, and prices
had but little quotable variance. Fancy Ap
ples and Bartlett Pears continued to move off
well at . good prices, but trashy Apples and
poor quality offerings of Bartlett and Winter
Pears were dull. German Prunes were flrmt-.r
under • small supplies. «nd Pomegranates,
Quines and Figs were steady, although plenti
ful. Peaches continued plentiful and easy. A
conr.Iderable quantity of wrapped Solways were
sold for shipment at oOc per box. which wa3
the ruling price for the general run of offer
ings. Receipts of bulk stock were light and
were quickly snapped up by the canners, who
paid $206"5 per ton for Solway freestones and
$30 for clingstones. Cantaloupes were in light
receipt and firmer, with some well known
brands selling fr6m the stores at a slight ad
vance over the quotations. Nutmeg Melons
and Watermelons were In fair request at un
changed prices. Stocks of table Grapes con
tinued very large, and, although there was
eome Jnqulry for shipment, the market ruled
weak at easy prices. Receipts of Wine Grapes
were light and choice- Zinfandels were quoted
firm. The white variety sold slowly, although
offered at an easy figure. Receipts of Berries
while light, were more than sufficient for re
quirements, and prices were 'lower, with seme
dealers trying to force salep.
There was continued firmness In Oranges
under a fair, inquiry for shipment to Honolulu,
but prices were no hiRher. Mexican Limes
were easy at the recently reduced quotations,
and Lemons and Grape Fruit were quiet.
STRAWBSttKIE? — $2eJ3 per chest tor Ma
llndas and $4(S5 for other large varieties;
Longworths. $4S?7 per chest.
RASPBERRIES— J3 50«5 per chest'.
BLACKBERRIES— $2@3 per chest for or-
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
All descriptions remain as berore quoted
BRAN— $22©23 per ton. <Juuiea.
MIDDLINGS— ?20 50<g2S per ton
SHORTS — $22ifi23 per ton " • '
FEEDSTCFFS— Rolled Barley. $24025 ner
ton; Ollcnke Meal at the mill, $20@2C 50- Job
bing, $27@27 50; Cocoanut Cake tilttiS'
Corn Meal. S32 50@33; Cracked Corn sifd
33 50; Mixed Feed. ?22 50@23 50; Horse Beans
$28&*30 per ton.
HAY— Wheat. $11@14 r.0. with sales of extra
choice at ?15; Wheat and Oat,' S11M13 no- Oat
$10#13; Wild Oat, $!> 50@ll 50; Barley Saffll-
Clover. $8 60tll; Stock. $8gb; Alfalfa' $9 50(3
10 00 per ton. % * w
STRAW— 35@G5c per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
STOCK MARKET.
Flour, qr sks... 18.fltl7|Hap.«, bales 100
Wheat, ctla 876 ; Wool, bales in
Barley, ctls 4S.in«:; Screenings, sks. 2.S13
Oats, ctls 1C0. Tal'.o*. ctls 241
Rye, ct!« X2fl I Pelts. No 125
Beans, sks 6,747-Hldes. No 400
Potatoes, sks... CCO Sugar, ctls 2.640
Onions, sks .v:f» Quicksilver, flks. ."
Bran, sks 200. Leather, rolls... 03
Middlings, sks.. SfAlWJne. gals 25.400
Hay, tons G-'So Brandy, gals .V>O
Straw, tons 37 L!ne. bbls 723
FOR FRIDAY. SEPTEMBER 25.
Receipts of Produce.
FLOUR— California Family Extras $4 CO®
4 85, usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $4 50(34 CO-
Oregon and Washington, $3 00<34 20 per bbi
for family and $3 9034 40 for Bakers*.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In packages are as
follows: Graham Flour, $3 25 per 100 lbs- Rye
Flour, *S 25; Ryo Meal. $;j; nice Flour S7-
Corn Meal. $3 2i>; extra cream do $4,- Oat
Groats, 54 50; Hominy, $4@t 25; Buckwheat
Flour, $4 G0S4 75; Cracked Wheat. $.5 75- Fa
rlna. $4 50; Wholts Wheat Flour, ?3 50; Rolled
Oats, bbls, 97 25@S (!0;ln sacks. $0 750S 10-
Pearl Barley, $G; Split Peas, boxes? $7; Green
Peas. »5 60 per 100 lbs. ' ureen
Flour and Millstuffs.
CHICAGO, Sept 25.— At the opening there
was good buying by the local shorts, with some
demand for the long account on strong outside
markets and uteady cables. December was up
¦ic to <5ic at "Uvic to 77c and soon advanced to
77>i<\ with a marked bullish sentiment. After
holding steady at the advance for a time the
market gradually eased off on the resumption
of liquidation due to favorable aspects in the
strike situation at Minneapolis and favorable
reports frcm abroad, with lack of outside sup
porting orders. Long wheat came out on stop
orders and tile weakness that developed carried
December to 76Hc before the mood changed
on reports of good export buslnes?. The close
was steady, with the loss entirely regained,
77 l ,4c for December, 1%<31%c above yesterdny!
Corn was firmer at the outset by covering of
the provision people, and showed a substantial
advance over the opening. Cash and commis
sion houses were also good buyers and helped
the upward tendency. Before noon, however
liquidation on the advance brought about a rel
action and the market lost all of the early Im
provement. Uncertainty manifested In the
stock list curtailed Fpeculatlon and the break
In wheat Influenced corn values. December
closed at 40Vic, a gain of %c.
The oats market was fairly steady during
most of the pepslon, but In the last hour weak
ened with other grains. December closed a
shade better at 37%C.
Selling for outside account In sympathy with
lower prices for hogn at the yards gave the
provision list an easier feeling, but the market
was eaved from a marked decline. October
pork closed 5c lower ¦ and lard and ribs were
off 10c.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Chicago Grain Market.
Butter developed a decided weakness yester
day and several large houses offered their best
creameries at 30c an:! even then found business
very slow. The public are running on the
cheaper Eastern and storage goods, to the
neglect of tho high priced creameries. ; .
Cheese remains the same, the market being
handicapped by an overstock of medium and
lower grade goods, which are very hard to dis
pose of, while strictly tine mild new 13 in mod
erate supply and kept very well cleaned up.
Eggs show no material change. Stocks of
fine l'resh ranch are light, but the retailers
are taking Eastern and storage goods, owing
to their comparative cheapness.
Receipts were 1S,COO lbs Butter, 6G5 cases
Egps and 18.CC0 lbs Chease.
HUTTEK— Creamery. oOig.ilc for extras an3
2G(JJ2Sc for seconds; datry. 21<i?24c: store But
ter. 17V4@19c; cold storage, 24@25c; Eastern,
22J?24c per lb.
CHEESE: — 12%@13c for good to choice mild
new and 11>«®12c for lower grades; Young
America, 13014c; Eastern, 15®1lc; Western.
14@15c r*r lb.
EGGS — Ranch, 37%ff3S%c for targe white
selected and ."::Vj<3:37c for fair to cho'ce; store.
2502714c; cold storage, 24@20c; Eastern, 24«
27Hc per dozen.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
NEW YOnK, Sept. 25.— The cotton market
closed steady, zenerally l([i« points lower,
while Septsmber showed a net loss of 26 points.
Nciv York Cotton Market.
A car of Western Poultry that came in late
on the preceding day was on sale and cleaned
up well at steady prices. Another car came
In yesterday, making the fourth for the week,
but was not' marketed. Receipts of domestic
stock were moderate and all descriptions
cleaned up quickly at previous quotations. Fine
largo younsr Roosters and good heavy Hens
were particularly firm and small lots of ex
ceptionally fine »tock sold above the quoted
rates. Game was In good request and the light
receipts cleaned up quickly. Doves were quoted
hi-her. - . % . .
POULTRY— Toungr Turkeys. 20<!?22c per lb;
Geese, per pair. ?1 SOJfl 75; Goslings. $20225;
Ducki. $4@5 per dozen for old and $5<ii6 for
young; Hens, $4 r.0$?5 50; young Roosters,
$5®6; old Roosters. $4 5i)®.">; Fryers. $405;
Broilers ?3@3 75 for large and ?2 306;; fcr
small; Pigeons. ?1 2552:1 50 per doztm for old
and $1 60©2 for Squabs.
GAME— Rabbits. $1 75 per dozen for Cotton
tails; Hare, $1 25 per dozen; Wild Doves. $1 25
per dozen.
Poultry and Game.
COAL, OIL — Water White Coal Oil In bulk.
14c; Pearl Oil In cases'. 2O'4c; Astral. 2s>Hc:
Star. 20Vic; Extra Star, 24»-ic: Elaine. 2«ji-ic:
Eocene, 23Hc; deodorized Stove Gasoline. In
bulk, 17c; in cases, 23>4c; Banzlne. in bulk,
13c; in cafes, I'-Hic: fC-degree Gasoline, in bulk.
21c: In case?. 27 1 / £c.
TURPENTINE — SOc per gallon in cases and
74c In drums and iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD — Red Lead. 6«4
®7c rer lb; White Lead. «Vi@7c, according to
quantity.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb. In 100-lb bags;
Cube?. A Crushed and Fine Crushed. '5.S5c;
Powdered. 5.70c; Candy Granulated. 3.70c; Dry
Granulated, fine. 5.<*Cc; Dry Granulated, coarse.
5.fi0c: Fruit Granulated. 5.60c: Beet Granulated
<10<t-lb baps only). — ; Confectioners' A, &6Oc;
Magnolia A. 5.2Cc: Extra C. 5.10c; Golden C.
Be; "D." 4.1)0c; barrels. 10c more: half bar
rels, 2."c more: boxes. 50c more: TO-lb bag3.
lie mnre for all kinds. Tablets — Half barrels.
0.10c: boxes. 0.35c per lb. No orders taken for
less than seventy-five barrels or its equivalent.
OIL — Linseed. 43c for boiled and 47c for raw
in barrels; cases. 5o more: Caster Oil. In cases.
No. 1. 70c; Uakers" AA. 51 ll>tf/l 12; Lucol. 44c
for boiled and 4ilc for raw In barrels; I^ard Oil.
extra winter strained, barrels. 00c; cases, »3c;
China Nut. r.5fi70c per gallon; pure Neatsfoot.
in barrels, 75c: cares. 80c; Sperm, pure, 75c;
Whale Oil, natural white, 50&55c per gallcn;
Fish Oil. In barrels. 45c; cases, 5Cc; Cocoanut
Oil. in barrels. 5Sc for Ceylon and 55c for Aus
tralian.
BAGS — Grain Bags. 5g5tC,c; San Quentln.
5.">Sc; 'Wool Bags. ;rje.lCic; Fleoce Twine. 7',Vi»
be; Cotton Fruit Bags, CVjc. e*«c and 7&c tor
the thViC grad»a; Brown Jute, VftQlWc
COAL — WeMiOCtOn. fS per ton; N«w Wel
lingtcn, $S; Seattle. $ti 50; Bryant. $ti 50; lka
vt-r Hiil. *5 Co: Stanford, f7; Rcslyn, ?7; Ccoa
Bay. $5 50; Greta. $7; Wallsend, $7; Rich
mond. $7 50: Cumberland. $K! in bulk and
$14 25 in sacks: "VVel'h Anthracite Egg:. *1U;
Welsh Lump. *11 50; Car.nel. *>> 50 per ttin;
Ccke, $li 5C013 per ton in bulk and $15 in
saclts; Rocky Mountain descriptions. ?S 45 j,«r
2U0O lbs and $8 50 per ton, according to brand.
General Merchandise.
Met Street Ry ¦ 3,400 100>i 105% 107 ;
Minn &. £t Louis... »tc> B4H 54VJ 54^ i
Missouri Pacific .. 41, 30O B9H 8&% 88
Mis Kans & Texas. 1.5!M> tf% 17 17% 1
M K & T pfd 2.000 361* So 3.7H j
Nat R It Mcx pfd. MM) ;?s"i 3HV t . Cs'i !
N Y Central 17,700 139 115^i 116
Norfolk & West... 4.8U0 53U 57=Ji R8%
Nor & W est pfd ..." 85 '
Ontario & Western 4.700 2O'i 20 H 20'4
Pennsylvania 35.000 120% 110% 12i>
Pitts C C & St L .... 5S
Reading 5S,2<>0 474 <5 4tUi
Reading 1st pfd... 501) 74' 74 72
Iieaiiing 2d Jifd... WO C>»4 «3»4 C5
Itock Island Co.... 33.1(>O 24U 23" 24%4
Rock Island Co pfd 24,1<>O 5'jnI OS'St B82 '
Et L& San Fran.. .. 62 i
Kt L S: S F 1st pfd . : ' (W>
St L & S F 2d pfd. 1,100 44'.'. 43U •»*'» I
St Louis ? W 20O 13" 12»i 13
St L S W pfd 1..1.K) ?A)U, 3t> 30-;,
St Peul 57.r»iM> 13HI-4 130'i 137%
St F»aul pfd 2(K> 173 173 1724
Southern Pacific . . 15.200 41 39-14 4(>U
Southern Railway.. ll,<JO0 19tJ lSli 1S%
Southern Ry pfd.. 2,100. 81 79U «)'
Texas & Pacific .. 3.00O 23 K 2°»i 23U
Tol St L & West.. :*>0 IS 1« 17
Tol Pt L & W pfd. 1OO 28 28 23
l"nion Pacific 80.5OO 7O"4 GO 7OSi
fnlon Pacific pfd .'. $4
Wabash 1,500 19 islj 1S^
!\\ abash pfd 3.400 30?: juta; sou
V heeling & Lake E 100 16 16 15
Wisconsin Central. 5i«> M% 1014 lfifk,
Wis Cer.t pfd 400 35^ 34^ 35
Express" Companies —
Adfams ............ ..... . -v *3
American *" \x't
United States ". ,". \\\" 102 '
We'.te-FarRo \\ 5^5
Miscellaneous —
An.al Copper 44.S0O 41'^ 40U 41 %
-Am C & Found 3.S0O 25>i 2:ni 24
Am C & Found pfd ZSIO 77^» 77' 77
Am L!n«iecd Oil.... «M 10 K"» 97J
Am Lir.seed Oil pfd 200 30 30 28
Am I>xomotlve ... 90O Ifi - 10 15T6 ,
Am Locomotive pfd 4d0 S4t4 82«^ S.'iU ;
An ?m & Ref 2.000 43^ 41 4J*/
An S31 & Kef pfd 87>-'.
Am Sar Rpf 4.T.00 111U I1OH lie'., i
Ar.a Min Co 4W 71T^ 7rt*4 7C»;
Hrk l\ar> Trari 1S.1OO "0 l ' t 35 3fi>4
Col Fuel & Iron 300 41'i 4UJ 41V4
Cnl & Hock C<\ol lj-
Ccn«olidated Oas .. 1.500 K.7% l«r>U ih.U
Gf-nera.1 Electric .. l.OOo 14.S>j li~>\ 117U
Intr-rnat Paper 200 11 103-i loc^
Intrnnt Pnper pfd.. Oirf) (ilij «S! : S 03
Internat Pump .... 1C>O &l% ' XJ=-i 3:<i^
Interrtat Purr.p pfd 70
Nat Biscuit 37H
Nat Lead r>f!O l.Tj 1.1 13'.4
North American .. . ].»300 72 70% 72^
Pacific Mall 400 19^ IS 18
People's Gas 2,lKKt 81^4 00^ 9d?j
Press Steel far 'tf>0 33 »i . 33 . .TJ^
Press Pteel Car pfd 5OO 7r.'^ 75V IT,
Pull Pal Car 4<X> 210 205H 205
Republic Fteel 1.100 JUJ 9 9%
H*p<iV.ie Steel pfd. 3.200 61% 00 C0%
Rurihrr G-xxl? 4C0 15 15 15
Rubber Goods pfd. 2m) K9 5 *, 091, «7
Tm r-^al & Iron... r».2<V) 32TC, 31 Ms 31%
r B Leather O/x^O G% n->,± fi%
U S leather pfd... ,VO 76'i 75% 7«
I" S Rubber 2CO 10>, 10 ]Ol^
U S Rubber pfd... ::<» 37% 35 374
V S Pteel 70.000 17^ 17 IR14
D S Steel pfd 10,C<>0 04% COiJ 61%
Western Union .... 3(>0 fi2 SI Sl%
Total shares sold. 01 5. 100
NEW YORK BONDS!
U S ref 2s reg...lOg jjloeklng VaV.4Us.lor)
I>o ref 2s coup. 10$ 'i' Louis & N uni 4a OS
I>o 3s reg 109't Man con gold 4s. 102
Do 3s coup lWVMex Central 4s... 71 U,
I"K> new 4s reB.l.tr.'i; Do 1st inc 13>i
Po new 4s coup. 135 V, • Mo Kan At Tex 4s '.17
Ha old 4s reg-. .111^; Do 2nds 76Vi
IX> old 4s coup.112'4 NRR of M con 4s 74
Do 5s reg Io2'-4.NY Cent gen 0%s BS%
Dd i>s coup l<»2ViN J Cont gen 5». 127"^
Atcblson gen 4?.. Wi 1 , Nor Pacific 4s lort"»i
IJ^adj 4s W!4 Do 3s 701,4
Atlan roast L 4s. :>0y t Nor & W con 4s. 7<J 7 i
Bait & Ohio 4«...1'»I r» r S I- 4s A- Part KH'-s
Ijo S'As KH'^nn conv 3'ic l>4%
Central "of Ga 5b. 105 ¦ Reading gen 4.«... 94 V>
Do 1st inc 70 |StL & I M con 5sllrt'/ 4
Chrs & Ohio 4' 2 s.l02 Pt L & S F fir 4s. 79^
Chi & Alton 3'^s. 72% S't Louis S W lsts f)2
C B & Q new 4s. 9o>»! Seaboard Air L 4s 7<S
C M&St P gen 4slO4i-.il Sou Pacific 4s ... 80
C & N W con 7s. m 1 ! I Sou Ry 5s 112^4
C K I & I* 4s... 70 Vi .' Texas & Pac l?ts.H4\
C R I & P col 5b. 73 H Tol Ft L & W 4s. 70
CCC& St L gen 4s 85*4 j Union I'acific 4s. 99)4
Chi Term 4s 73 j Do conv 4s 03
Con Tob 4s 53*i r S Steel 2nd 5s. 71U
Colo & Sou 4s ... K.'!Va.WRbaFh lFts 114
Den & Rio (J 4s. 'M \ T>0 deb B 53^4
Erie prior lien 4» SXiU Wh & Lake E 4s. KSi^,
Do sen 4s f2% Wls Central 4s... SOU,
Ft W & D C l£t*.102%'
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 14 | Little Chief OG
Alice 17 (Ontario 6 00
Hreece 15 Ophir 1 «;o
Hrunswlck Con.. O4 Phoenix 08
I Comstock Tun .. Ofl^ Potosl 1!)
Con Cal & Va...l X.T .PavaKe 2<>
Horn Silver 100 Sierra Nevada.. 57
Iron Silver 175 Small Hopes ... 20
Leadville Con .. 02 Standard 1 75
EOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — j Minlns —
Pall loans 4 «r75 Adventure 5
Time loans S'/jQCj Allouez 4%
Bonds — j Amalgamated ... 41%
Atehison 4s 97 Vi Daly West- 38^
Kallroads — Hingham 21
Atehison C3 Calumet & IIecla.440
Do pfd 88% Centennial 13
Boston & Albany. 24B U'opper Ranpre ... 49>4
Boston & Maine. 1«7>4 -Dominion Coal .. 73
Boston K?«?vnte«1..103 (Isle KoyalC <$
N Y N H & H..ia3'/4:Mohawk 39
Cnion Pacific ... 70V}, Old Dominion .'. . 7^
Mexican Central. HU'^ceola. 514
iliscellanwjs — j Parrot 18
American Sugar. .11014:Quincy 20
Amer Tol & Tel.l2rt [Tamarack 81
Dom I &¦ Steel.. 11 Trinity CV4
Ocneral El«:ctric.l 17 l.'nited States ... 18 '
Mrfs Electric .. l~V t 1'tah 24^
Do p.'d 77Vi Victoria 3'^
U S St«el 10% Wlnona c%
Do pfd SI i/t Wolverine C3
Westinghfe com.. 70
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Con for raar.ey.8SK N T Central 119
Coir" for account.68 3-10 Norfolk & West. H0%
Anaconda 3% Do pfd DO
Atchieon M Ontario ii West. 20%
Do pfd .' !U Pennsylvania 01 »i
Bait At Oht> 97Vj Rand Mines 9V4
Canadian Pacific. 123V* Reading 23^
Chesap & Ohio.. 2a s 4 - Do 1st Dfd 37
Ch! G Western.. 15Vi Do 2d rfd 34
Chi Mil & £t P. 141 Southern Ry l»
I>enecrs 19% I Do pfd S2>4
Denver & R G... 21% Southern Pac ... 41 %
Do pfd 74 V t Union Pacific ... 71%
Erie 25»4 Do pfd 87%
Do 1st nfd WVi U S Steel 17Vi
Do Zd pfd 40 Do pfd G5V4
Illinois Central ..131% Wabash 20
Louis & Nas>" ..1C3 Do pfd 31
Mo Kan & Texas. 18V4
Bar silver firm, 27 9-16d per ounce. Money.
21-J&4 Per cent. The rate of discount In the
open market for ehort bills is 4 Der cent, and
for three months' bills is 4'uHi per cent.
Bank Clearings.
NEW YORK. Sept. 25. — The following table,
compiled by Bradstreet, chows the bank clear
ings at the principal cities for the week ended
September 24, with the percentage of Increase
and decrease as compared with the correspond
ing week last year:
— Percent —
Inc." - Dec.
•New York $»71.117,O2O S8.6
•Chicago , l«»,S«l.<i0« 8.4 ....
•Boston 12.">.n>i«,K20 .... l.C
•Philadelphia 103.210, 755 .... 6.2
•Ht. Louis 4S.537.557 11.1 ....
Flttsburff 43.110,727 7.9
2 r>. m. session.
December ...$1 09% \
OATS — The recent heavy receipts have had
their effect and prices are lower, as will be
teen. Thn demand has also fallen off. Offor-
Ings are larger than for some time and are in
excers of market needs.
White, $1 20(01 32',,,; Black, *1 4001 60;
Red, $1 2(1®1 22Vi for common and fl 25®1 30
for choice; Gray. $1 22Vi@l 27Vi per ctl
CORN— Quotations for both Western and do
mestic are lower, offerings are larger and the
market la dull and weak.
Western, sacked. ?1 42 % for Yellow, SI 42 Vi
for White and *1 40 for mixed; California larjje
Yellow, SI 4Z<iti do; prnall roum j do *! T0(a .
1 75; White, $1 50 per ctl.
RYE— $1 25®1 30 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT — $2 25@2 50 per ctl.
Feed, $1 1C(R1 12H: Shipping and Brewing,
$1 17%©1 22M.-; Chevalier. ?1 20@l 50 for fair
to choice.
FUTURES.
Session 0 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. HIeh. Low. Close.
December ...$1 00% $100% $1 00 $1 C'J%
Open. Hlj,h. Low. Close
December ...*1 40% $1 iv% $1 40% $1 40y
BAKLKY — Continued to decline, both futures
and cash grain being lower. Receipts are mill
heavy.
CASH BARLEY.
2 p. m. ppislon
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low., Close.
December ...?1 40% $1 40H $i ;jo^ j t 4,ju
May 1 41 1 41 >i 1 40) t 1 41 'j
FUTURES.
CASH WHEAT
California Club, $1 45©1 47'i; California
White Australian, SI Kiftl 00; Northern Club,
$1 42Vvt'l 45: Northern Blue Stem, $1 52>£@
1 57%; Oricon Valley. $1 47 V- per ctl.
¦ WHEAT— There was no news worthy of note
from the Eastern or foreign markets.
This market was unchanged as to futures,
but cash grain showed a decline and was
quoted dull, with buyers still holding off.
Wheat and Other Grains.
-¦ ir Falen. High. Low. Cl'«e.
Atchieon 93,'KK> «"J% «1 % <53tf
At<hiron pfd IKK> «? KS *H
Iteltlmore & Ohio. 54.KX> 70H 74% 75«4
Halt & Ohio pfd... 100 M5 M M
Canadian Pacific .. 3,900 J2Uri H» 120%
Central of New J '50
Chesa & Ohio 7.O0O ZS^i 28 £S?J
Chicago & Alton.. 1.7OO *l«4 H»H 20
CfcJ * ; Alton pfd... 3OO C2>4 62 C2
Chi ft fireat West. l.KW 15M« 14 »a 15
Chi & Qt \v B pfd 700 25 >i 25 23
Chicago & j( W... 1.3D0 155V4 155% 155V4
Chi TetTri & Tran. 300 R«j 8H v«4
•Chi T & T pfd 800 17 1514 1<T$»
C C C & Pt Louis ©•
Colo Southern 1,300 11 }» H^i .iHi
Colo So Ifi pfd utn 48 47*; • 47J4
Colo So 24 j,:<J tKrt mi 18% 19
Del & Hu<1s->n ... 1,300 154 152 J52
Del Lack & Wert. 700 233 230 230
Den A. Itlo Grande. 700 21 20% 20VJ
I>en & Ilio Or pfd 73
Erie 41.4OO 25% 24 25%
Erie 1»* Dfd B.COO C4«*4 «3% *Ai£
Erie 2d pfd i,2oo 46^4 45 4»»
'it Northern pfij.. . ... 100
Hocking Vall<?y ... 1 100 C« C3 «5
HorJc Valley pfd .. 77
Illinoii- Central ... 3,400 I28»4 1204 12S
Towa Central 100 19 19 1»
Iowa Central pfd.. r^if» 34 Z2 l A &*
*K C Southern 200 I» 19 * 1 9 %
K O Southern pfd. 100 T4 4 34 H 35
I»ui«- & Nashv... ]l.<yto 10014 J»8Vi J00^4
Manhattan L 2,000 131 H 130% ISl'M
Money was rather firmer, however, to-day,
rxith for tim* leans and on cal! and a further
fall In New York exchange at Chicago brought
the markei nearer to a point for shipping cur
rency w«t. There was a lanrer nurply of
oomme.-cia! Mils In the exchange market. It
is reported that nome of the Interior bants are
Eflllng demand bills of exchange here atrair.ht
lur'-hfcse of trrafn and cotton blllr. The wck's
r;f wheat show an incrcaFe of more than
2.<«0G.W» bushels over the previous week, and
•h*- decline in the cotton market. It Is believed,
«1M Induce an increased foreign demand.
The bond market was quite active nnd irreg
ular. Total sale*. r>ar value, f3.925.000.
l'rlt<d Statcsr 2« decline >4 per cent on the
i*« call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
NEW YORK. Sept. 25.— Yesterday's late
over.te in the ttock market aroused serious ay
prehensiens that disastrou? results might be
witnessed to-day. As is orten the case in
sjMK-ulatlve matters, the threatened harm in
cited to efforts to counteract It. There were
etr »ng r ruttctive measures adopted In the stock
market to check th« precipitate decline in
I.rici-* which threatened the violent shrinkage
of <re<ltt». There were feverish and erratic
fluctuations during the greater part of the
morning, but the l-uppnrting measures finally
proved of effect and the market quieted duwn
and bf-eame t-teady at level cf values substan
tially above last night. There was some Bet
t!»-rt:or.t again In the final dealings, but the
jire-sFure was again resitted and the market
i loud steady and dull, but below the best.
Th>- liquidation vif continued with consldera
1 ¦:•• force this morning, especially in the United
Bum Steel securities. Both classfs of stock
¦nd the second mortgage bonds optned at n^w
low records and ketit the early market unset
tled in *pit»» of support l>y powerful clients at
dh^r r.ijlnus. When the fact developed that
iri» buying to purport the market did not fol
'••w th» advance Jn prices to any extent, the
t-'ars m.Ed* a determined drive in an attempt
to regain th«> upper hand. They catered I lie
i;tia'K ujxin United Ftates 8tf*l preterrt-d. ap
parcotly fquipp^d with the krvowleige of the
adateooe at a considerable Ftfip-lo^a order in
th&t £tock Rt about C2. Ite movement aftet
touching that point proved the accuracy of
the tx>jirs" Information or Furmine. the pric-o
•slumping to Wi'i. with rapid re<"O\-ery, how
rrcr. on covering by FVsm. The common
t-tock touched 1C and the bond? 70Ti durit.g
the day. The general market weakened again
in renponne t<> this drive, but prices generally
grot plUrhtly Ulow la«t night f 6 level. The un
covered tac-ars took alarm a.1 this evidence of
effective mpiiort and bought larsrely to cover
their ehorts. The principal active stocks after
ward got from 1 to U points over last r.lsht.
There were wide declines both on th<? Stock
Exchange end in the outside market In pome
•x-curlties for which ther<» is not an active
market, hut Fp^culative ,..••. t in-- n; on the whole
»"as considerably impro\'ed as a result of the
day's »-vent». The Brmnpsii "f the later mar
ket was h<'1jw»d by the preliminary estimates
of the week'B currency movement, which
promise a merely nominal change in the c;i-«h
holdings of the banks. The large shipments
of currency to the South and a small Iocs on
kj b-tr*-a fu ry onerations prcpfT were slightly
more than offset l>y receipts Irrnn other source*.
in<"iudin»? new gold. The heavy liquidation in
the stock market gl\<** fslr promise of t»omo.
rrductlon In the loan Hem and the deposit
liabilities.
New York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 83
Sterling Exchange, Bisht — 4 87
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 S8
New York Exchange, sight — 07',$
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 10
Silver, per ounce — 59%
Mexican Dollars, nominal 47 49
Exchange. and Bullion. _
APRICOTS — Are steady. Choice are quoted
at S'ViWic, extra choice at a^tlOftc and
fancy at 1QHQ12C.
PEACHES— Ar« firmly held. Choice are
quoted at 7Vi l ti~%c and extra choice at 7K&
8«4c
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market con
tinued ateady. Futures are firmly held. New
crop sui>;.lics are arriving in small quantities,
but are hardly moving in sufficient volume to
tstablish prices. Old crop, common, are quot
ed at 4<a5c; prime at 5>465?ic; choice at 0@
O'.jc, and fancy at ti*»@7 ! ,ic.
PRUNES — Ruled steady to firm, with a fair
demand, quotations ranging from 3^4@7c for
all grades.
DRIED FIIUITS
L A Ry 5s.U5*i — (10tt>> l«7?i —
L A L Co fi3 — — (1910) — —
Do gtd fis. — — S P of C 6s
Do gtd 5a. — — (1905)Sr A. — —
LAP lem 5s. — — (19O5)Sr B. — —
Mkt-st C 6s. — — U9Q0) ..^C— —
Do lem 5a — — (1912> — —
NRR of C tfslOfJ — • SIHJ 1 c* 5». — —
NRC of C 5s — — Do stmpd.. — —
N P C R 5a — — S P B R 6s — —
NCR 5s.. — — Is V Wat 6s. — —
N C P C Os. — 101 Vi Do 4s 2dm.lOO —
N S R 5s. 09%101 Do 4s 3<1m. 99U —
O G L II 5s. — — Stkn G&E «s — —
O T Co 6s.. — 121%!u G & E 5s. — —
Do 5s .... — 114 . j
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 60 52V«'I > ort Costa.. — —
Marin Co . . 60 — "jSprlns Val.. 84 SiVi
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. 4 5 Sap E O & R — —
Equit Gas... — — SFO&E..68 —
Mutual EL.— 12'/4 9 F Gas ... — —
Pac G Imp. — — Stock O & E — —
Pac Lighting 5J — V G & E — —
TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES.
F F G Jfc II. . CO HT.it
INSURANCE.
Flrem's F"nd. — — |
BANK STOCKS.
Am Nat Bk. — — |L P * A ... — —
Anglo-Cal . . — — Mer Trust . . — —
Bank of Cal. — — March Ex . . — —
Cal Safe Dp. — -^- ( S F NationL — —
Kirst Naticnl — — I
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L. — — Pav & L Soe 05 —
Hum S & L. — — Pec Sav Bk. — —
Mutual Sav. — — [Union T Co. — —
S F Sav U..COO 70O I
STREET RAILROADS.
California .. — — i'residio .... — 41
(Jeary — —
POWDER.
Ciant 65^ 60 ij ) V! gorlt 4^4 5
SUGAR.
; Hana P Co. . 2T>c — KHauea S C. — —
! Hawaiian C. 45 1 ; 40^ Makawell C. 21 —
, Honokaa S C 13% 14 Onomea 8 C. 53 Si
Hutch S P C 12K 13 Paauhau 3 C l«!i 17 l i
MISCELJ^ANEOUS.
Alaska Pack.l5«J lSatijf^ceanic S C. — ¦ —
Cal Fruit A3. — 97 Pac A F A.. — —
Cal Wine As. 06% 97 I Pac XT Borax.167 —
Morning Session.
Board —
10 Giant Powder Con <m 00
50 Mutual Electric Light 12 25
120 Mutual Electric Light 12 0O
$10«>0 Market St P.y 1st c 5 per cent.. 115 23
Afternoon Session.
Board —
50 Hutehinson S P Co 12 50
50 Pacific Gas Imp 53 f«>
! 1C5 Spring Valley Water 84 CO
$1.1 0<JO S P of Arizona <10O9) 107 75
JUrfX) S P of Arizona (1810) 100 23
; J20OO S V 6 per cent bonds 105 5O
$4000 S V 4 per cent bonds (3d mort). 99 60
Street —
Drt Oncmoa Sugar Co 3^ 50
W.C.CO Hawaiian C & S Co 5 per cent.Wl 50
$10,000 Los Angeles Ry 5 per cent 110 <*>
$10.<X)O S V & S J V bonds 120 25
[ $10,000 S P Cal 1st c 5 per ct (st/ipd).108 0W
California Stock andOUExcliange
011 Stocks— EM Asked.
I Alma 1 20
Apollo *>
Associated Trust Cert 2O 22
Aztoc 70
California Standard 11 12
Caribou 1 05 1 10 *
Central F<Mnt Con *'»
Chicago Crude 20
Claremont 24 .....
E.*<peranza 1 SO
Four 67 C»
Fulton 2 00 - 3 25
Gient 20
I Han ford 142 CO
Home 02*i 0.1
Imperial IS CO
Independence 17 1H
Junction 21
Km 4 S7H
Kern River 12 SO
Lion 03 04
Monarch (of Arizona) 5:5 54
Monte Crlsto 70 73
Occidental oT West Va 1H 1»
Oil City Petroleum 2S 30
Peerless 13 75 14 CO
rittsburu 23
I Reed Crude 4»> .....
( S F & McKittrirk 2 7.0
I San Joaquln O & D 5 50
(Senator W>
j Sovereign 40 41
I Sterling 2 SO 3 00
I Superior ••- OtJ 07
| Thirty-three- 7 2.% S OO/
' Toltec 2"> 21
I Twer.ty- eight 4 on 4 25
I West Shore 2 DO 3 25
i Miscellaneous —
I Abby Land & Improvement. 1 35 t 50
! Alameda Susrar 2n »H>
i American Biscuit 8.S CO 95 Ot
I American District Tel
j Cal Gas & Electric Corp
I California Cotton Mills S3 00
'California Jnckoy Club 105 CO
California Shipping Co 25 00
Cal Title Ins & Trust 130 »X> HO 0t>
Central Bank of Oakland CO rn
Chutes Company » 2.">
Cypress Lown Imp Co « 2.T
Fischer's. Theater 2 SO 5 2."
Gas Consumers" Assn 22 5O
I Honolulu Sugar WW
Northern Cal Power 8 50 0 CO
North Shore Railroad » Ort
Orpheum Company 15 23 1« .V>
Pacific States Tel and Tol 122 5O
Paraffine Paint .r« OO
' Kan Franclsro r>ry r>ook 47 CO
Sanitary Reduction Works 2 75
Baosalltn Land nml Ferry... 1« no
Sperry Fl-nir Company 27 50 30 CO
Standard Electric 1« OO
I Tesla Coal Company 3O no
I Truckce Electric 11 23 15 CO
rnlon Sugar 28 BO
United Gas and Elertrir 34 5O .....
Morning Session.
100 Occidental H
20CO Reed Crude 4* •
40O Home W»
2CO Home KH
20O Home (s 30) 92^
100 Eyperanza 1 32'-,
COO Kern Oil 5 00
Street—
1 Hanfcrd 138 00
Afternoon Session.
10O Sterling 2 S3
ICO Monte Cristo 74
50 Peerless (s S) 14 CO
2CO Rsperanza 130
2 Hanford 140 OO
5 Hanford <b 4) 140 O>
200 Monte Crtsto 73
KOO Occidental ? 1»
200 Home 82^
Street —
2CO Kern Oil 5 CO
200 Home »7*i
400 Fischer's 2 75
Mining Stocks. &
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
The following were »h<» sales on the Paclflo
Slock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
10O a C & Va...l 47Mi!40O Mexican 1 12H
fW Con Imperial. 04 ICO Ophlr J 7O
rr.O Crown Point. 13 S«> Savage 25
SCO Gould & Cur. 2.! 200 Sierra Nev.. «3
300 Justice 08 100 Union Con... T3
Afternoon Session.
ICO C C & Va...I 42 1 -'. 200 Potcsl 21
4(W C C & Va...l 47^ -JOO Sierra Nev.. 61
T.CO Con N York. 21 SCO Silver Hill.. «2
200 Crown Point. 12 7C0 Union Con — 73
SCO Gould & Cur. 22
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
The following were tf>?» sales on the San
Francisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yes
terday:
Morning Session.
500O Esperanza . . . 031 20O Montana Ton. DC
.V* Gipsy Queen.. 27I15CO Ton N Star... 33
10O MacNamara . 15 5P0 Ten X Star... 33
700 Montana Ton. 351 000 Ton N Star... 34
Afternoon Session.
1C0O Ksperanza ... O^JIOCO Rescu* — . . . CS
ICO Gipsy Queen.. 2«Sil4C0 Ten N Star... S4
2COO Gold Mt Con. «Tj 400 Ton N Star... 35
50 Montana Ton. 05 »
LOCAL MARKETS.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock delivered in San Francisco, less 5u
per cent ihrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE — Steers. SiSOc; Cows and Heifers,
7fi8c; thin Cows, 4-&5C per pound.
CALVES — 4<tM«.c per pound (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 3'i@:S?4c; Ewes, 3®Jyjc
per pound (gross weight).
LA.MB8 — *2 7S^:t cer head.
HOGS — Llv-s Hogs. ITiO to 250 lbs. 5T4c; under
150 lbs. t>hi''it"-* c '- Sows. 20 per cent off; Boars.
50 per cent ulf, and Stags. 40 per cent oft from
above quotations.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows: ,
BEEF — 6&7c for Steers and 5tfGc per lb
VEAL— Large. O^tJS^c: small 9©10c per
pcund.
Mi:TTON— Wethers. 7%@S^c; Ewes. 7®8c
per pound.
LAMB— OftlOe per round.
PORK— Dress?d Hoss. S^-go^c per pound.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The market remains about the same. A few
Heps may still be hringintr 6c. but 5TAo peema
to bo the ruling quotation. Offerings are suf
ficient for the requirements of the market.
DRESSED MEATS.
Meat Market.
ONIONS — 5GftCCo per ctl.
VEGETABLES — Green Corn, $1«?1 50 per
sack: crates from Alameda. $1 2501 5O; from
Berkeley, 75e(3$l "5; Green Peas, ."J^aSc p»r
lb; String Beans, ;jg-4c per lb; Wax. 3©«c:
Lima Beans, 3®ii^&c per lb; Tomatoes. 35@
We per box; Summer Squash. 4C<fi50e per box;
Cabbage. COc per ctl; Carrots. 75c per sack;
Cucumbers. 40$50c per hex: Pickle Cucumbers,
3{?3*4c for No. 1 and Iji2^c per lb for others;
Garlic. 2^f3c per lb; Green Peppers, :50@o0c
per box or tack: Green Okra. SSft^Oc per box;
.EgK Plant. 35<fto0c per box; Marrowfat Squash,
$10(gl2 per ton.
ly fancy stock the market was barely steady.
Tomatoes continued abundant and were rather
easy. The top quotation v:as obtained only
for some special brands, 50c being the ruling
price for the general run of supniies. Thn
canners v/ere Btill buylr.K low Rrade offerings
at t-o minimum rate. Summer Siuja.'h ami
Cucumbers rf.leo firm under steadily decreasing
receipts- Egg Plant. Okra and Green Peppers
were in moderate supply and steady. Strins,.
Wax and Lima Beans were in good demand
and firm, while Teas cleaned up quickly at
higher rate?. Receipts of Corn were very light
and good stock continued to bring high price.-*.
The. other vegetables stood as previously
quoted.
POTATOES — Burbanks from the river, 60cJJ
$1 per Ctlj Salinas Uurbanks, $1 25$rl 40 per
ctl; River Reds. S5c^$l per ctl; Sweet Pota
toes, jobbing at $1 CO per ctl.
Oarracouta — i^lijlSea Bass — fr'lj
Carp lOigli 1 - Smelts ....' — SX15
Catfish — j> 12'r. jSolea 12 # 4fii:i
Codflsh — @U:'/, Skates, each 10fiI5
Flounders iOit— |Squld -ifiO
Halibut lT.fl — |Tomcod \2Vi-1 —
Herring — © — iTurbot 2«>si —
Mackerel — <W15 Trout, Salmon. .. — ©!.")
Do horse 15^-- Trout — &40
Rockflfh — «?15 Brook Trout — ®7.">
Calmon. fresh — Gr— Whltefish 10® —
Do smoked ... — U-j Clams, gallon ..50^ —
Sardines 10©— Do hardshell, lb 8«J10
Shrimps — <J?10 Crawfish. !b ..iC©12>^
Shad 10* — Crabs, each — <ip —
Striped Baew ... — fi1T> MuFBel?, quart.— «12'-a
Perch IO<? — Oysters, Cal. 1O0.40W50
Pompino --(050 Do Eastern,dz.3C(f? 10
Rockcod — i?i5
All descriptions remain as before quoted.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about lVic under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers, 9!J4c; medium. 8«4c; light Sc; Cow
Hides. 8c for heavy and 8c for light: Stags.
Cc; Salted Kip, SVtc; Salted Veal. 9^c;
Salted Calf. 10c: dry Hides. 15gi5t$c; dry Kip,
]3c; dry Calf. 17c; Sheepskins, shearling, 25-?*
30c each: short wool. 40<g;50c each; m»dlum, 70
®90c; long wool. Jl^l 50 each: Horse Hides,
salt. $2 75 for large and $2©2 5O for medium.
$1 25@1 75 for small and 50c for Colts; Horse
Hides dry. $1 75 for large and $1 50 for me
dium ' $1@1 25 for small and 50c for Colts.
Buck' Skins— Dry Mexican. 32>Ae; dry salted
Mexican, 26c: dry Central American. 32^c.
Goat Skins— Prime Angoras. 75c; large and
smooth 5<;c: medium. 35c ; small. 20c.
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered 4ri@4%c per lb;
No 2, 4@-4«,4c: grease. 2^@3c.
WOOL — Fall clip — San Jcaquin Lamb*', 3®
12c; Foothill. 10®12c; Middle County. ll@13c.
Quotations for spring clip are as follows:
Humboldt and Mendocino. lR«20c; Nevada. 13
@15c: Valley Oregon, fine. lS@19c; do, medium,
17©lSc: do coarse. lfi<(J17c per Ib.
j£OP3 22©2t:c per lb for California and 19
623c for Oregon.
Hides, Taliozv, Wool and Hops.
Weather Report. f
SAN FRANCISCO. Sept. 25—5 p. m.
COAST RECORD.
~ 2 (S C * ¦"
§ ii.ii ji ?i 1
STATION. I I § || \% |S I
; c c ; '¦ §
* e a I • *
! J aker 30. OS M 4G NE Ooudy O%
',. arF ° n »•« « 44 N\V Clear .00
. ! ;" rtk * -"»•'•'¦» 00 C2 NW Clear .<k>
larallon 29. 80 5S 54 NW Clear .00
IS*'™ »-«« !H5 «0. W Clear .(W
>-larsuifr r». w> fi« 36 KW Ptt-ldy.lS
!r^e r *ndrncp .r.«.T2 SO SS SF Clpar no
I^os Anr*ies..29.S2 7C «K> SW Cloudy .OO
Mt. Tama:pals29.SS 80 72 NW near 00
North »«>ad..::0.22 50 54 NW Clear .00
Thoer.lx 29.72 SO «(J fe Pt Cldy «v)
T-x-atfllo 29.78 70 M p\v Pt C3dj .00
Tortland 30.14 tW 52 NW Ciear .00
IVint Rpycr. ..2a. 74 f*> r.l NW Clear ,<!O
Rt-J Bluff ...29.«8 O6 M> N Clear .00
Res^burjr SO.tH 70 60 N Clear .<H
..29.C8 00 54 S Clear .00
Salt Lake 2x70 70 ' 88 N Pt Cldy .00
San Franciscc29.7S 02 52 SW <^ar .00
S L Obl«>po. .29.K4 78 Wl S Clear .00
J?ar! Diego ...2I».&2 66 tVI S Cloudy .00
S.-attle 30.24 «»> 52 NW Pi Cldy .O<>
Bpokane r,o.os €2 48 x\v pt cidy .(n>
TsiUM^^ 30.22 5* 60 FW Ocar .00
Walla Walla.. 30. 10 «y* 5«* PW Clear .00
Wir.nemucca .2:».82 70 46 N Cloudy .00
Yum :».?;*; y<5 C6 SE Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has' fallen rapidly over the in
terrr.ountain region And has riwn rapidly over
the Northwest. Ar.wxif>risive depression ovcr
!;i-s Utah and Nevada, but will probably move
caetwmrd.
Cloudy weather continues In southern CaJi
:¦ mia. '...¦• is reported at the Mexican sta
tions and a. thunderstorm has occurred at Phoe
:.;x.
la the gr^at valleys cf California the tem
pa rature Is about 10 degrees above the normal,
and conditions have been favorable for fruit
dry-ntc and raifln making.
Poreotat made at San Francisco for 30 hours
endinp midniebt. Sept ember 2G. IMS:
Northern California — Fair Saturday: cooler In
th»- \ri\-r\' v t\ light northerly winds inland; fresh
m&aetif win.18 on tfce coa.n with fog.
P^uthern Cal;fotT.ia — Cloudy unsettled weather
Eatordax. with showers In the mountains;
»r*-*h southwest winds.
N^vs^a^-Cl"U<!y: cooler Paturday.
<an Xraneiseo and vicinity — Fair Saturday,
with fug in the morning and at night; fresh
BOttthvest winds.
A. G. McADIE. District Forecaster.
This market shows no change of note, one
way or the other.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 1ZV.C per lb for
heavy. 13c for light medium. 15c for light.
15V£c for extra light. 17^o for su^ar-cured and
ISViC for extra sugar-cured; Eastern sugar
cured Hams, lSmflS-Tic; California Hams. 15
ei5'4c; Mess Bsef $11 50 per bbl; extra Mess
$12<212 50; Family. $13®13 50; prime Mesa
Pork ?19; extra clear, $25: Mess. $20; Dry
Salted Pork. 12 Vie: Pig Pork. $23: Pigs' Feet.
$5 23: Smoked Beef. 15c per lb.
LARD — Tierce3 quoted at 7->ic per lb for
compound and lO'/jtJlO^c ror pure; half bar
rels, pure. 11®1H4c; 10-lb tins. llft®ll^c;
5-lb tins ll<*c; 3-lb tins. ll*ic
COTTOLENE— One half barrel. 9&c; three
half barrels. 9V4C; one tierce. 9%c; two tierces.
9Vkc; five tierces. OYsC per lb.
Provisions.
Articles — ' ' ' Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 28,600 12,500
Wheat, bushels :i45,400 1.800
Corn, bushels 456.0C0 408,800
Oats, bushels 175,700 231,100
Rye, bushels 900
Barley, bushels 142,000 1,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day. the butter
market was firm; creamery, 16@21Vic; dairy.
14{tl8>*c. Cheese, firm, 10U@iiy, c . Eggs,
firm, J6@i9c. ' . " ..;-•-•
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Sept. Oct. Dec.
Opening 0 2% 6 3vi
Closing 6 3 0 3»i
PARIS.
Wheat — - Sept. Jan-Apl..
Opening 20 75 20 95
Closing 21 10 21 10
Flout 1 — ¦ ¦ ¦ • -¦
Opening 32 50 2S 10
Closing .'...32 70 ; 28 20-
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, Sept. 25.— The London tin
market was weak, spot declining £1 2s Od to
£117 17s tid and futures £1 to £118 10s. The
I New York market responded to an indiftprjiu |
demand and the weakness abroad, closing
1 weak at ?20 20#26 30. Copper remained quiet
i here, with lake quoted at $13 50, electrolytic, I
¦ $13 50, and casting $13 12ft. In London, how- I
ever, it was lower, spot declining 12s 6d to !
£55 and futures 15s to £55. Lead declined Is !
3d to £11 Is 3d in London and remained firm j
f locally at 54 30. ' l . - * ;
I •Spelter remained unchanged here at ?6 and I
I London was unchanged at £12. t ' - i
! Iron closed. at 60s 3d In Glasgow and, at 44s j
« 3d in Mlddlesboro. Locally iron was quiet. I
No. 1 foundry Northern, $17; No. 2 foumlry ;
Northern, $10 50; No. 1 foundry Southern and
No-. 1 foundry^ Southern soft, $10. — •
Eastern Livestock Market.
j CHICAGO.
I CHICAGO, Sept. 25. — CATTLE — Receipts. !
1 6000. Slow and steady. Western, $5; good to
j prime .steers. $5 4O@ti; poor to. medium. $3 80@
•5 25; stockers and feeders, $2 40® 4 25; cows,
! $1 40@ r 4 40; heifers. $2g»l 75; canners, $l-40«i
2 70; bulls, *2@4 50; calves, $3 50@S; Texas
, fed steers, $2 85(^4 40. - - - - -- ¦¦ < -_
I HOGS — Receipts: Te-day. 14.000; to-morrow.
1 POCO. 10c to -13c -.-lower. --¦ Mixed ¦ and • butchers,
$5 «X)@0 30; good to cholco heavy, $5 75lft'O 10;
I rousch heavy, C5 40@3 0">; light, steady,' $5 75®
0 40; bulk of sales. $5 6330.. . . - -
SHEEP— Receipts, 700. s Sheep, steady to 10c
lower. Good to choice wethers, $3 40© 4 25;
fair to choice mixed. *2 ¦ Srvffcl 40: - Western
eheep, $2 «&<&¦* 25; native lambs, $3 5O#5 65;
Western lambs, $3 75@5 50. •
St. ¦ Louis Wool I Market.
ST. LOUIS. Sept. 23.— Wool, steady; medium
grades, combing and clothing, ltt@21e; light
fine. 15®17^c; heavy fine, 12S14»ic; tub
washed, 20£i30c.
London Wool Sales. •
LONDON, Sept. 2T>. — The offerings at the
wool auction sales, to-day numbered 13,014
hales. Medium m/rinos were in better demand
for Gern.any. German ibuyers also serured
I large lines of scoureds at high rates. Cross-
I breds were in strong requeM at ' top prices.
j Care of Good Hor>e and National grades were
] In improved demand and firm. . . -
1 Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Sept. 23.— Wheat— Walla Wal
la 72@73c; Rluostem. 7fH?76e; Valley. 77c.
! WASHINGTON.'
TACOMA, Sept. 25.— Wheat— Steady. Blue
stem. 78c; Club, 74c. '
Northern Business.
SEATTLE. Sept. 25. — Clearings. $734,850;
balances. {207,442. . . — • -
TACOMA, Sept. 25.— Clearings, $321,520;
I balances, SO;?, "59. , .
i PORTLAND, . Sept. 25.— Clearings, $543,222;
I balances, )?i?7,34O.
{ SPOKANE. Sept. 25. — Clearings, $401,700;
1 balances, $78,077.
The situation remains the same, the demand
for fruit being good at firm prices. Sellers
are not making any concessions to move the
goods and buyers have to com* up to their
views to secure supplies.
NEW FRUIT — Aprlcotsi. 7®9^c for Royals
and 9©llc for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples,
5<gec; Peaches. 5'4@7c: Pears. 5$9c- Nec
tarines. 4@4>£c for white: Figs white. 4'/j@
45»c In boxes: Plums pitted. BOTo per lb
PRUNES— 1903 crop, 2H®3c for the "four
elzes; 1902 crcp. 2%®2%c for the four sizes.
RAISINS — 1903 prices are as follows: Two
crown. 6!ge%c; three-crown. 6>4S?;y-c; four
crown. 6 % @ 7c.
NUTS— Walnuts. No. 1 softshell, 124c; No.
2. 10Hc; No. 1 hardshell. 12c; No. 2, 10c; new
Almonds, lie for Nonparlels. 10^c for 1 X L,
lOHc for Ne Plus Ultras and S?4c for Langue
doc; Peanut3, e@7c for Eastern; Pecans, 11®
13c: Cocoanuts. 54 50<g5.
HONEY— Comb, new. 12%@13^c for white
and 9©llc for amber; new water white ex
tracted. 3H®C»4c; light amber extracted. 5c;
dark. 3HO*tt&
BEESWAX— 27@29c per lb.
Dried Fruits jf tits] Raisins, Honey
Local stocks and bonds show little fluctuation.
Jl'all-strcct stocks rally a point or so.
Silver and Exchange as before quoted.
Wheat dull and weaker. Barley continues to decline.
Oats give way under heavy arrivals. x
Com lower and more freely offered. Rye unchanged.
Beans quieter, with a weaker feeling.
Hay and Feedstuff s in ample supply and unchanged.
Butter weaker and offered at concessions. Eggs undisturbed.
Cheese market congested with lower grades.
Dried Fruits firm, with a good demand.
Provisions show little change, here or elsewhere.
Wool, Hops and Hides as previously quoted.
Hogs in sufficient supply and easy.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables not materially changed.
Poultry and Game continue to clean up readily.
Fresh Fruits in good supply and rather quiet.
. SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
•San Francisco 28,808,540 11.4
•Baltimore 21,437,780 .... 4.3
Cincinnati 20,425,900 4.5
•Kansas City 21.988,954 ".»
Cleveland 14.037.541 .... 21.4
•Minneapolis 15,782.084 .... 8.3
•New Orleans 11,083,477 1.7
Detroit 0.414,281 14.6
•Louisville 9,847 200 12.4 ....
Omaha 7.480,891 3.7 ....
•Milwaukee 8.430,540 24.7
•Providence 5.46S.50O 18.4
•Buffalo .-. (3,041.823 7.9
•St. Paul 5.806.931) ' 3.7
Indianapolis 5,533.230 10.1 ....
Los Angeles /S,S28,334 30.8 ....
•St. Joseph '4,458.467 1.8
Denver 5.217,312 13.0
Richmond 8.458,345 3.4
I Columbus 4,705,200 .... 7.4
Seattle 4.765,200 14.1
Washington 3,423,122 11.9 ...:
•Savannah 5,470,520 8.9
Memphis 2,4!K),7S8 ' IS. 9
Albany 3.748.0US 21.5
Salt Lake City S.3C3.390 23r2 ....
•Portlend. Or 3,7!>9.14U 16.6 .... |
•Toledo 4,224,9:« 44.9
Fort Worth 2,384,413 .... 18.4 1
Peoria 2,971,818 .... 6.7 j
Hartford 2.C97.754 14.3 I
Rochester 2,3S2,S<>6 1C.8 '
Atlanta 2,237,271 .... 16. (J
Des Moines 1,942,072 1.4 ....
New Haven 1,402.473 2.2
Nashville 2,004,134 25.7 .... I
I Spokane. Wash 2,123,743 10.5 |
Grand Rapids...... 1,7M),S32 10.5 ...,|
I Sioux City 1.121.251 25.5 i
j Ppringfleld, Mass... 1,3X8.542 9.3;
Norfolk 1.472.0S3 IS. 6 ....
Dayton ».... ],5«i0,123 27.3 ....
Tacoma 1,S53,1S4 34.8 ....'
Worcester 1,316,621 11.2
Augusta, Ga 1,477,563, 49.6
Portland, Me 1,358,033 8.3
Scranton 1,757,838 50.5 ....]
Topeka 1,807.510 35.2
i Syracuse 1,138. CCS . . . .¦ 0.3
j Kvansvllle • 1,CS«.8(59 15.6 •...;
Wilmington, Del... 1,104.531 1.8 J
! Uiimiugham 1.0<;n,302 6.7 !
! Davenport (181,815 29.7'
i Fall Rivfr 712.4SC .... 18.2
Little Rock 623,025 .... 35.8
Knoxville 1.C2U.302 . CO. 5 ••...-. -|
Macon 800.000 . .... 15.1 i
I Wilkesbarre 959.580 . 36.4 !
iAkron 770.400 23.9 I
Springfield. Ill 774,113 !
Wheeling, W. Va.. C4«,440 ....--34.5
Wichita 724,678 31.1
Youngitown €24,410 12.0 ...i
i Helena 4CS.J28 -24 - ..
I Lexington 544.0S8 20.0 ....
1 Chattanooga ...... (15(1,803 32.5
j Lowell 400,147 6.8
| New Bedford 450,173 20. 1) ....
Kalamazoo 738,134 54.0 ....
Karso, N. D 4S2.594 5.7 ....
I ranton, 0 502,000 46.3 ....
| Jacksonville. Fla... C5S.«76 128.4 ....
I Greensburg. Pa 409 4O<5
Rocktord, III 512,567 15 3
| SrringnoM. Ohio... 340,371 " 4.2
! Birghamtcn 300,100 12.0 ....
M'hester. Pa 517.7O:{ 21.0 ....
i Hloominston, III.... 332.557 19.8 ....
i Quincy. Ill 32» 470 43 fl
fMoux Fnlls. S. D. . . 255,359 21 4
Mansfield. 0 215,058
Jacksonville, 111...'. 198,479 - .... C 7
i Fremont, Neb 159, 130 25 1
Vtlca 2,613.758 15.1 '..'.'.
Dec« tu r. 111 :1a"?, 255 20 . 2
•••HouFton 13.220 532 isi
•••Galvcston J 0,40.1.000 '.'.'.'. i' 8
fliarlcston 1.1 43.805 • .... •
I Guthrle 597.530 .... ""&
Totals. IT. P.... $1,774. 717. 471 T777 2T0
Outside N. York. 803.OG0.4G1 2.8
CANADA.
Montreal ?W.004,000 us
Toronto 13,5150,521 10 1
; Winnipeg 4,450,361 25.1
Halifax 1,648,078 4.7 ...'.
!<>ttuwa 1.841.3S4 9.5 .. .
Vancouver, B. C 1,525,378 9 9
Quebec 1.532.577 s!:t '.'.'.'.
Harnilton 1.0OS.430 14.9 ....
] Pt. John. N. B 1.140,857 ."2.5
i Victoria. B. C «:O1,417 17. •! ....
[London 750,347 15.4
Totals, Canada $47.1.' J > 9.2CS 7.0
! 'Balances paid In cash. »*Not included in to
; tals because of no comparison for last year.
•••Not Included In totals because containing
other items than clearings.
Nezv York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK, Sept. 24.— FLOUR— Receipts,
£0.3i>0 barrels: exports, C2S3 barrels. Dull and
nominal.
WHEAT- Receipts, 12.875 bushels; spot,
firm. No. 2 red, 81 %c elevator and £-%c f. o.
b. afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth, i-i%v f. o. b.
1 aficat; No. 1 hard Manitoba. 90'jsc f. o. b.
I afloat. Options at the opening were firmer oii
j *mall Northwest receipts, higher outside mar
! keta and coverings. Later they met free of
j firings and declined, reflecting- small clear-
I ances and reoorts of heavy orders in stocks
j and further liquidation. Near the clos»e it ral
' lied on liberal clearances and closed %@%c
net higher. May closed 83Ko; September
closed fa Vic: December closed S3 He
HOPS— Firm. Pacific Coast, 1UO3, medium
to choice, 27(tJ31c.
HIDES— Steady.
PETROLEUM— Steady.
WOOL— Firm.
SUGAR— Raw, firm; fair refining, 3%e; cen
trifugal, !)tj test, :: 2U-32C; molasaes sugar,
0%c. Refined sugar, firm.
COFFEE— Spot, steady. The market for cof
i Tee futures opened steady at unchanged prices
j to an advance of 5 points. The close was
j steady and brisk, net unchanged to 10 points
j higher. Sales \vere 32,750 ba^s, including:
I October at 4.."O?i i.35o; November, 4.40@4.4r»c;
: December, 4.7(k&4.75c; January, 4.8f>®4.8Jc;
j February, 4.8T>c; March. 4.9505.00c; May, 5.10
I July and August. 5.25c.
DAIRY PRODUCE. ETC.—
Butter, choice. sqCO@75 Common Eggs. ..3O@35
Do good 45iff 55 Ranch Eggs 4O&45
Do packed, lb27%ifKS0 Eastern Eggs — ©30
Cheese, Cal 15(ff2«i Honey, comb, per
Cheese. Eastern. 20®25 pound ~r£??«
Cheese. Swiss... x.t- Do extracted.. 8@10
MEATS. PER POUND—
Bacon 18#25!Pork Sausage. .12%(S15
Hams l(i«j IS Smoked Beef — @20
Lard 12%@— i
The San Francisco Butchers' Protective As
sociation gives the following retail prices for
meats:
Roast Beef 10<5I20 Hlndqrtr Lamb. .1S02O
Tenderloin Steak.l5@lS Foreqtr Mutton.. 8@10
Porterhse, dol7^-" Leg Mutton .-..12%@15
Rlrloln Steak.. 12 %£M5 Mutton Chops. .12%© 18
Round Steak . .10®12HlMutton Stew 8^10
Beef Stew — ®1O Roast Veal . 12@20
Cdrned Beef .... 8®10 Veal Cutlets 15320
Soup Bones 40 — Veal Stew ....12%@15
Poup Meat ...... 5<f?10:Roast Pork ...12'-;.<"-
Lamb Chops — (<t2C Pork Chops 15@1S
ForeqtrLamb .12V,©15| : •
POULTRY AND GAME—
Hens, each 50@75. Geese, each $175
Young. Roosters, ...Goslings $2 00
each 60^ 75 j Pigeons, pair ... — @30
Old Itoosters, ea.5Ofi(5f Squabs, per pair. — *?51
Fryers, each . . .SOifWOJRabblte, each. . ..20@23
Broilers, each ..40<S 50 1 Hare, each — ©20
Turkeys, per lb..23@2S.Wild Doves, dz..$l 50
Ducks, each 75c<S$l| - \
FRUITS AND NUTS—
Alligtr Pears, ea-S.W.u Limes, doz 13§20
Almonds ..:..'... isif 20 Lemons, doz ....15®«5
Apples 3® 5 Nutmeg Mel, ea. ZfciQ
Blackberries, dr.. 25@35 Oranges, doz 25030
Cantaloupes 15@:Kt Prunes, Ib ti@ 8
*'ranberrles, qt. . — ®25 Pomegranates, eaSVi®.^
Pecans ..." — ®20>Peaches. per lb.. 50 8
Brazil Nuts . ...?<W2 — iPears. per I'o..; 5@ S
liananas, doz. ...35@ 1 50]Pineapple». ea.. .25*i.v>
Chestnuts ..'...— «^12>4 Quinces, lb 3ff 5
Cocoanuts, each.. — Jiio Raisins, per lb.. fiCS
Dried Figs, pr lb— @10 Raspberries. drw50<575
Fresh Figs, lb 8@'12y& Strawberries, per
Grapes, per lb. . .33 5 drawer 20f5TiO
Orape Fruit, dz.75c®$l Walnuts, per Ib. .13rTi2O
Hucklbrles, lb.10@l2 I ,i Watermelon?, ea.25050
VEGETABLES—
Asparagus, lb — @15Onlons, i.er lb.. 1® 2
Artichokes, doz. .40fi50|Okra. green, 1!>. 5^> «
Ueets. dozen til's* — jOkra, dried, lb.. —^25
Iieans, white, in. S& — Potatoes, lb 2«2»i
Colored, -pit lb 5W - Parsnips, per dz. 15:320
Dried Lima, lb.. tVil 8 P.hubarb, lb — «l .T
Cabbage, each... r.ylOiRadishes.ds bchsl.V/i2'J
Celerj'. head 5W10|Sage, dz bunches25® —
Cress, dz bunch. 15® — j String Beans, lb. ti@ 3
Oucumbers. dz. ..10-<.<ir> Summt-r. Squash,
Garlic 5@ 6 per lb 3*3 5
•Green Corn, daz.2r.ti iO Sprouts, p»r lb.. tTi 8
'Green Peppers, lb Vfl 3 Ppinacn, per lb.— 6} 5
Dried Peppers . . l(l(!725 Tweet Potatoes,
Egg Plant ...... S® 5 per lb 2U3 J
Green Peas, lb... Cft 8 rhyme.dz bncbB.SfiO30
Lettuce, per doz.15i^2f:|Turnlps, per dz..--igt."
I>>eks,dz bunchs.l.%'S20 Vomatocs. lb ... 2® 3
Lima Beans, lb. — <g ti|
FISH —
Butter, Cheese, Eggs and Honey stand/ ex
actly the. same as quoted last week. Stocks of
fresh Eggs are becoming light and as wholesale
rates are advancing higher prices are ex
pected in the near future.
Poultry, Game and Fish are in good supply
and chow no variation worthy of note. Meats
are plentiful, with prices stationary-
Some kinds of Fruit are becoming scarce and
prices are advancing, but seasonable varieties
are in good supply, with prices reasonable.
Vegetables are abundant, as usual at this time
of the year, and prices stand about the same
as quoted last week.
Wellington .$— «U0 00 New „„.,
Seattle %— & 8 50 Wellington $— O10 00
Roslyn $— # 9 00 Coos Bay . -$— @ 7 ..0
Richmond . ..? — @ 0 50!Greta * — @ » 00
FAMILY RETAIL MARKET
dinary and $4 50@5 for fancy from Santa Cruz.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 6@ec per »b.
APPLES— 0Oc$*l 25 per box for fancy. 50®
85c for good to choice and 25@40o for'com
mon.
PEARS — Bartletts, $1®1 50; winter varie
ties. 5O@75c per box.
QUINCES — JogCOc Der box.
FIGS-^Black. 50cS$l for double layers and
35i@o0c for drawers: White, 40<gC0c per box.
PRUNES — 5C®S5c per box or crate.
PEACHES— Small boxes. 40^65e; carriers.
40@«0c; large open boxes, BO<g75c; per ton.
nominal.
POMEGRANATES— 50@75c for small boxes
and $2 for large.
GRAPES— Seedless. 50®65c per box: I?abella.
CO<a75c per crate: other varieties, 25-g40c for
small boxes; 4OfiC0c for crates and 5Oc@$l
for large open boxes; Wine Grapes, $20<i?25 per
ton for Zinfandel and $15 for white
MELON'S — Cantaloupes, $1 25gl 75 per crate;
Nutmeg Melons, 5<x-'(i»l pei i-ox; Watermelons,
10fi20c each. •
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges. ?2 50@3 for fan
cy Valencia."?. J2?j2 60 for choice and ?1@1 50
for standard; Seedlings. $lg>J 25; "lemons, $1©
S per box: Grape Fruit, ?2@2 50; Mexican
Limes. *6 50@7 50: Bananas, nominal; Pine
apples, $2@3 per dozen.
THE SAN FRAK CISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 26, 1903.
pork, per bbl, $12 20@r2 25; lard, per 100 lb«,
?10 454jlO 50; short ribs sides (loose), $S SlVa
00 12%; dry, salted shoulders (boxed), $%«,->
(i%c; short clear sides (boxed), S94@9}4c;
clover, contract grade, $9 70. '
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2 —
Sept. (new) 75V4 75\; 7JVS 75tfc
Dec. (new) 77 77% 7fli<, 77U
May 79 70. 77% 78*8
Corn No. 2 —
Feptember 45% 40',£ 45 AC,
December 46>* 46% 45ft 45U
May 40% 40% 45ft 40
Oats No. 2—
September ..... 36% 37 30 . 37
December 37>^ 37% 36% 37>4
M i? •••»••,;•¦¦ 1 8 Y' 37^ 37 %
Mess Pork, per bbl —
September 12 30 12 30 12 20 12 20
October 12 30 12 30 12 10 12 25
May 12 42% 12 57% 1242% 12 CO
Lard, per 100 lbs —
September 10 10 10 IB 10 10 10 10
October 7 52% 7 60 7 50 7 C2V4
January C 85. C 90 0 82*4 6 DO
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs —
September 9 IB
October » 20 0 25 9 20 0 20
January B 02% « t!2% 6 52% 6 57%
Cach quotations were as follows: Flour, un
changed: No. 2 red wheat, 74*a@78V4c; No. 2
corn. TCVJc: No. 3 white oats", 37?»c;
No. 2 rye, 60%®5Si4c; good feeding bar
ley. . 4Sft50c; fair to choice malting, 53
C?5!)c: No. 1 flaxseed, 07c; No. 1 Northwest
ern. ?1 02%; prime timothy seed. |3 10; mets
Light receipts and a fair demand for local
consumption held the Potato market steady and
prices were without quotable change. Sweets
were steady at the recently advanced quota
tion. One car came In from Merced. Onions
continued to arrive freely and except for strlct-
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
11
AUCTION SALES
fe SALE EXTRAORDINARY, fe
AUCTION SALE
OF
HIGH-CLASS. STANDARD-BRED MARES.
COLTS. FILLIES AND GELDINGS.
From the Meek Estate, Haywards, Alameda Co.
Comprising the get of McKinney, Direct.
Hawthorne, Guide, Sidney. Fallis, Richards.
Elector. Wm. Harold. Welcome. Azmoon and
Stelnway,
And GABILAN STOCK FARM, property ot
HON. JESSE D. CARR. Salinas. Monterey Co.
Stallions. Mares. Colts and FUlle». by Nut-
wood Wllkea, Dictatus. Lottery. Ecce, ilam-
brlno Jr., Fairmont, Boodle and Thor, a son of
• Electioneer. A very large proportion of the
horses In this sale are thoroughly broken and
can be driven by any one. To b« sold by elec-
tric light.
TUESDAY EVENING, September 29, 1903,
At 7:45 o'clock, at
SALESYARD. 17:;2 MARKET ST.. cor. Van
Ness ave.. San Francisco.
Send for catalogues. Horses at yard Septem-
ber 2rt. Will be shown at farm. Haywards and
Salinas, at any time- prior to that date.
FRED H. CHASE & CO..
Successors to Kllli? & Co..
Llveatock Auctioneers.THE SAN FBANCJSCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 26, 1903.
12
CA\ FKASC1SCO CALL.
DtreUCESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, c-oreer Market and Third etreets: open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— Z-21 Monts^mery street.
ccrn«-r Clay;.cpen until 9:20 p. m
SCO Hayes street; cren ur.tll 9:30 p. tn.
t3i McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
CIS Larkin etreet; open until »:30 p. m.
!3»1 Mission street; open until 10 p. ra.
r;t"l M-rket street, corner Sixteenth: open
cr.ul 9 p. m.
K* Elevrnth street; open until f» p. ni.
31.1)6 Valencia street: open until 9 p. m.
Ncrthe«£t corner Church and Duncan streets;
tpen until 9 p. m.
Ncrthwett comer of Twenty-seconS and Ken-
tucky ftreete: open until 9 p. m.
2L'<O Flllmore ftiyt: orwn until a p. tn.
cmpkcb „
FIRST 1'nited Presbyterian Church, coiner
<iolleii Gate ave. and Polk bt. — Preaching
to-morrow. Sabbath, at 11 a. m. and 7:30
|.. rn.. by the r-aetor. H. H. BelJ. D. D.
Morning theme. "Prayer." Evening theme.
"How Business Men Got and Kept Their
K< liRior.." Sabbath -*chool, 9:45 a. m.; C. E.
rodctiea at .¦>:•¦«'» and 6:30 p. m. Ptrajigens
rordially invited to all services. P«"ws tree.
Uoorttoua ui-hers. Ccme and bring your
:r;-n<r».
MEETING NOTICES.
PAST Masters' Association of Califor- a
• r:ia F. and A. M.— Regular monthly f\
nWtinu THIS (SATURDAY) EVEN- /EK,
ING at S o'clock. By order of the • iT^
President. H. J. OWEN. Secretary.
?a: # V'RANCISCO Charter No. 1. Royal ,S^
Arch Marons, meets THIS EVEN-^CjT
ING; M. M. degree. /?*
H. G. PRINCE. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA IxxJpe No. 1 F. and A. •«
M. will m«rt THIS (SATURDAT)yY
AKTEHNOON. September 26, at 2 /Vr\
o'clock . Second degree. By order of
the Master. FRANKLIN EL DAY. Bee
FIDELITY Lodpe No. 120. F. and A. re
M. — Special meeting THIS iSATUR- yy
DAYi EVENING, et 7:30 o'clock. y^/\
Third degree. Master Masons cor-
dially invited. Ey order of the W. M.
FREDERICK BARRY. Secretary.
EXCELSIOH Degree Lodge No.
•_• I . O F. Regular m-~r-lr.g .-yj^SSS^.>
THIS iSATURDAY) EVEXIXG.
Second decree.
¦WM. B. CURTIS. I>. M.
THE Califorr.'.a Debris Commission having re-
ceived applications to mine by hydraulic
proceea from Middle Yuba Mining Company.
in La Mina del Diablo mine, near Sierra
City Sierra County Cal. draining into ra-
vine' which drains into Middle Yuba River;
rrotn South Yuba Mining and Development
Company in MciFter mine, near Emigrant
Gap Placrr County. CaH, draining Into Dia-
mond Creek, which reaches Yuba River; from
Toy Koe in Fairplay mine, near Scales.
J'lumas County Cal.. draining into Rock
Creek whirl] reaches Yuba River, gives no-
!!<¦<¦ '.hat meotinK will be held at room 96.
Flood bulMir.p. San Francisco. Cal.. Octo-
ber 12. 1W3. at 1 ::;>* i'. ra.
AGK.Vl'S. WANTED.
AGENT'S famrl» case containing over 25 use-
ful household article* 25c: satisfaction guar-
anteed. ' JAMES NOVELTY CO.. S. F.. Cal.
ATTOUNKYS-AT-L.AW.
ADVICE HlEE~EfTABLISHED 22 YEARS.'
Divorces a specialty. Private. Quick.
NO PAY UNLESS SUCCESSFUL.
O \\\ HOWE. ATTORNEY AT LAW.
II**" Market Et . offices 1. 2, 3, 4 and 3.
EEWARE- OF FRAUDS.
Ar.y one can advertise, but unless the adver- '
i.teroer.t Fays "Attorney at Law" the party
advertising is net a lawyer; don't be fooled.
ADVICE FREE
COLUMBIAN" LAW AGENCY
Km. £5. aio ilarket; tel. Red «1H; bad ten- ;
ir.ts rjected tpeedlly and reasonably; collec-
tions attended tc; attachments; corporations
organized; civil and criminal practice.
i'.OBT. W. KING, atty-at-law. Examiner bid..
rrn. €11: all cas-e. damages, estates, wills,
attachments, collections, etc.; consultation
tree: no advance charges; call or write;
evenings ty arr-o'-ntrr-ent. Tel. Red 3601.
ADVICE Tree — I will advance cost in merltorl-
ees cafes, divorces, ;rcbate and all other law
i-aFts; no fees ln advance; open every even-
ing. J. M. TH1.-RETO.V, S19 Market St.. r. 31.
L S. CLABK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket St.; cVisultation free; no fees in advance.
AITKKN A- AITKEN, attorneys, rs. 303-10-11.
C!ur.ir b'.^g.. 503 Calif crria St.; tel. Main 727.
ADVICE free; nn charge unless successful ; all
law hufinesK. W. W. Davidson. 827 Market. ;
DIVORCE — Costs. $12: quirk, quiet; open even-
ir.gy frCT Market Et.. room 3O1.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
K<">R Fale — Hotel and bar, horse and wagon, in
pood cour.tr>- town; thort distance from city:
must \j~ p'.d cheap on account of death ln
Jarrily. B,x 1043. Call.
BARGAIN — Half cr whole restaurant, oyster
chopbouu: furr.ifhed: fine location. * 073
Howard rt. MRS. COLLINS.
FOB eal« — Fart Interest In wholesale mercan-
tile botlneM (n this city: established ln 18S2:
HO.<HK> to ?2<i.C«">. A'lir?ft box 1644. Call.
IJAKEHY— Fine location ln nio Vista: good
baker wi!l do well. Address DAN Mc-
<;RAVGH. Rio Vista. Cal.
Si7I>— Extraordinary harpain; pee for yourself;
restaurant. 2vt chairs; clears $100 to $150 no.
Wef.rm Realty Co.. 1CC'7'4 Market, room 1.
JN«i— 'FIRST-CLAPS restaurant: business dis-
trict; pood payrr; niuft be gold. S29 Mis-
Ficn ft.
SNA I' — s-room loigir.g and boarding house, all
full: clears $75 mo.; $.°»r/). 1031 McAllister.
5250 BUTE paying fruit rtore. Apply GEORGE
Hl'NUICK. on«elte Berkeley station.
GOOD-PAYING saloon for sale cheap, account
of eirkiiet-s, at 1<*» Howard Ft.
FOR tale — Cheap: grrx^rj- and bar; no agents
112^' Harrison ft., between 7th and Rth.
OYSTEU-HOrSE. 120 Seventh St.; good busl-
• ne«s; mart le sold on account of sickness.
2 iI'.fc"T-<:LASS falcon with 4 rooms and 5
y<ars- ;.-(.><¦; cheap rent. Box 1K2L Call.
FOR SALE — An inside route on this paper.
Fcr r»rtj<-jiar» eprly at office.
LODGIIVG-HOISES FOtt SALE.
100 ROOMS; coupe for men; rent $140 $4000
T8 rooms; south of Market: rent $100.. 2000
_4 rooms; corner; part cat-h; bal. easy. 850
11 rooms; rood Income; rent $20 350
:.l rooms; water front; rent $40; lease.. 650
,1'O rooms; good lease: low rent.. . GTjOO
D; rms.; apartments ;We?tern Add.; rent 250
Money loam d at 1 tx-r cent
Hotel*, roadhcupe*. flat!-. 5 to 100 room*.
EITEL & CARROLL. 212 ICearny st.
¦_'J ROOMS; all on one floor; choice suntiT
cornr-r: retiring frrnn business. For par-
t)oul;ir> ix^r.-yy box s;<i. Call office. Oakland.
SPIUITCALISM.
I'HOF. Fr»-d P. i:van.«. noted p^ychir for plated '
wr:tirtr and clairvoyance; Ftamp for circular
111-' Eddy st.. nr. Octavla; rhone Scott HS~'.
K ATIE HEl-SSMAN. clrcl- Friday evenin-r
S5c: gittingy. KKk> Harrison Et., cor. Sixth.'
I: £T ARD EARL E. 1052 Ellis, readings dailr
n ?r ( ln 4 . fcar^, Sunday an'l Thursday.
CLAIRVOYAJVTS. ~~
My P.rpular $1 Readings TTi!r~Week~For"~
fl *1 *1 $1 $1 $1 $i
PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist ever in San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agroe and guarantee
to make no charge if I fail to tell you your
name, occupation and what you called for;
I promise to tell you whether husband wife
or sweetheart Is true or false ; I tell you
v.hora «r.d w^en you will marry; in fact, [
v.-Hl tell you every hope, rear or ambition
better than you can tell yourself; I improve
your character fo that you will reach the
hiRhest possible development in mental vigor,
health, happiness and capacity to earn
wealth; fo you will live happy and contented
tpe rett of your life. Hours 10 A. M. to
t> P. M. : Sundays.2 to S. .'J26 O'Farrell st., 328.
MML*~~M. BERNARD, TlIE FAMOUS
("lairvoyar.t and bu?ine?s medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third ft., next Examiner
bidg.: she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
I>re*ent happiness and portrays events to
rmur in the future; If you are in trouble, dis-
contented or not eatlsfled ln life, or have do-
mestic, love or but-iness troubles, consult this
creat medium and you will be told how to
overcome them; valuable advice in all an*air s
of life; 25c up; {satisfaction guaranteed; read-
ings by mail. Tel. DUck 4009.
IEMAR. the Egyptian gypey. clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
rt., cor. Turk; private readings dally. 10 a.
m. to 5 p. in.: readings by mail as satisfac-
tory a« in person; 3 questions answered. $1:
full life. $5; eend lork of hair, date and year
of birth: don't send currency. Send postoffice.
Welif- Fargo money order or registered letter.
A— MME. PORTER, scientific clairvoyant and
cai-d irader. born with a double veil and sec-
ond right; tells the past, present and future;
ladies, 50c; rent*. $1; by cards, palmistry
and clairvoyant sitting: $1 50. 12ft Turk ft.
Mm. A. H. Kronenbere. palmist, clairvoyant,
card reader, will give a good reading. 10c, for
a ehort time only; when others fall try ra« to
cor.v'.ne* yjur«?lf. 402 Frar.kltn, pear Grove.
A— lime. Ravenna read* life, business advlc;;
¦aj&eg civen; 20c up. i 1th st., near Market.
I .HELI* WAJTTED— MALE— Con.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
Phone Main 5843.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
1902 WE GAVE 1903 WE'LL GIVE
45,000 MEN WORK. 60,000 MEN WORK.
5697 men wanted to-day for . '
ARIZONO. OREGON.
NEVADA. WILLITS. UKIAH.
And all points north, east, south on South-
ern Pacific and Santa Fe system; free paas.
ON EVERY TRAIN.
Section hands. Muckers. Drillers.
Extra gangs. Teamsters. Hammersmen.
MINES— TUNNELS-QUARRIES.
86 miners all over State, $90 and $82 50.
165 drillers all over State, $82 50, $75.
.164 laborers and muckers, everywhere. $60.
$7fj SMS 50
64 timber men, carmen, furnace men. $60
to $90,
DIAMOND MATCH CO.— $1 FEE.
1S6 laborers, teamsters, drillers, etc., $75,
$82 50. -
FRUIT PICKERS— $1 FEE.
137 fruit pickers, men or boys. $30 to $37 50
and found. v .
STABLES. FARMS. ORCHARDS. DAIRIES.
236 farm and orchard hands, $30, $35, $40
and found.
B6 milkers, butter and cheese makers. $30
to $50 and found.
26 choremen. coachmen, gardeners, etc., $30
to $40 and found.
19 stablemen, city and country Jobs, $30 to
$G0 and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay gt.
COOKS. WAITERS. PORTERS.
24 cooks, hotels, restaurants, camps, mines
. ajid ranches, city and country, $30 to $iO fd.
12 waiters, city and country. $25 to $40 fd.
Baker, shop, fare $4, $50 found.
Office boy, run errands, city, $5 week,
lb elevator boys and porters.
Steward, country hotel.
MURRAY & RTBADY. 634-636 Clay st.
MECHANICAL AND OTHERS.
3 slack coopers, 9c; 8 cabinet-makers.
Cutoff sawyer; 12 boys, learn trades, city.
80 BLACKSMITHS.
Also many helpers, all over California, $50,
$60. $70. $80. $90 and found.
LOCATED EVERYWHERE.
636 laborers and teamsters, city and country,
some factories, mills, warehouses, excavating,
building, etc., many ln San Francisco, lots
to board home. $2, $2 25, $2 SO, $2 75 day;
96 carmen and furnace men, $67 and $75;
3563 positions not advertised.
COME— SEE.
Best places at MURRAY ft READY'S,
Biggest wages at 634-636 Clay «t.
CARPENTERS.
16 carpenters, large company, fare SI. $90.
36 carpenters, electric power trust, $90.
26 carpenters, flume work, $90.
10 ranch carpenters. $3 day.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay et.
SAWMILLS — WOODS.
IN 4 STATES.
633 laborers, no experience wanted, $40 to
$70 and found.
196 mill yard men. $50 to $150.
365 woodchoppers.
287 tiemakers.
All classes of experienced men for woods,
mills, etc.. from $50, $60, $70, $80, $90, $100,
$12o to $150 month.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
SPECIAL— SPECIAL. "
TO-DAY.
ARIZONA TO-NIGHT.
Marysville. Chlco, Placerville.
186 carpenters' helpers, laborers, teamsters,
drillers and other help; you go: $S2 50, $75,
5C7 60.
BIG SAWMILL,.
3 log loaders, $C5; 2 timber fellers, $60.
Band resawyer.
FRESNO— FARE PAID.
26 laborers, sawmill, yards, etc., $40 fd up.
TO MINE— FARE $2 50.
25 laborers: you'll suit; steady; $12 found.
SANTA CRUZ COUNTY.
26 laborers to nile lumber. SCO.
WILLITS — UKIAH.
164 teamsters, laborers, etc.. free fare. $67 50.
NEW JOB — COUNTY ROAD WORK.
55 laborers; anybody can do it; fare $1, $60.
ELECTRIC LIGHT SYNDICATE.
155 laborers, teamsters, carpenters' helpers,
$90. $C7.
RESERVOIR WORK.
06 teamsters, laborers, fare $1 20. $60, $67 50.
OREGON.
COAL MINERS — OREGON — FREE FARE.
(J5 coal miners, Oregon. $3 to $5 day.
BIG NEW TUNNEL— HALF FARE.
63 tunnelmen, $82 00.
12 butchers, different Jobs, $30, $35, $40, $C0,
¦ $70. $80 and found.
Pigs' feet shaver, $2 25 day; handy man with
knife. $2 25.
3 meat cutters, $15 week.
Best Wages at MURRAY & READY'S,
Best Places at . 634-636 Clay st.
BOARD YOURSELVES.
$2 25 DAY— STEADY WORK.
155 Greeks or Portuguese; new work.
155 Italians or Slavonians: new work.
355 Austrians or Spaniards; new work.
155 Mexicans 'or Russians; new work.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
MIDNIGHT ORDERS.
Grader, sugar pine lumber, $90.
Pipe man. lumber company, $2 50 day.
3 rough carpenters, country, $3 day.
Lathe hand machinist. 15c fare, $3 day.
Meat cutter, shop, $15; shop butcher, $2 50
day.
TO EL— D— CO.
25 laborers, fare paid, lumber company. $60.
MENDOCINO — FARE PAID.
25 laborers, fare paid, lumber company, $35
to $S0 found.
BIG. GOOD MINE.
25 laborers; you'll suit; $60 to $75.
FREE FARE— 9 HOURS' WORK.
25 laborers, $07 50.
155 ITALIANS — FREE FARE
TO LOS ANGELES AND ARIZONA.
Wood turner, fare $1 20, $4 day.
3 tinsmiths, factory, city. $3 day.
Baker, shop, 75c fare. $45 and found.
2 milk wagon drivers. $2."> and found.
Baker, shop, south, fare $4, §40 and found.
Engineer, donkey engine. $00.
Sheep shearer, 7c head; butter-maker, $35.
Night camp cook, also waiter, $45 and $25
and found.
Camp waiter, $25 found; married bartender,
$15 week.
Cooper, factory, 15c fare, $3 25 day.
S painters, stripe and letter, $2 50 to $3 day.
Laundry man. all around, fare $1 25, $2 50.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 per pair; foot-form shoes at $2 50, or
orthopedic shoes, $3 50; best ehoes on earth. 11
Third et.. Exam, bldg., 5 doors from Market.
Open evenings until 10 o'clock ex. Sundays.
FIRST-CLASS furrier, also first-class taxider-
mist wanted. R. STENZEL FUR CO.. Salt
Lake City, Utah.
SOLE leather cutter and fitter. WENTWORTH
Shoe and Leather Company. 20 Main »t.
WAITER wanted at the Golden West Hotel,
68-78 Ellis st.
VEGETABLE man wanted. People's Restau-
rant, 631 Clay St. ' ¦--; ..;¦
WANTED— Oyster man; 4C9 Seventh St., Oak-
land. Cal.
WANTED — For the U. S. Marine Corps, able-
bodied, unmarried men. between 21 and 33;
gcod character; must epeak, read and write
English ; marines serve at sea on men-of-war
ln all parts of the world, on land ln our isl-
and possessions, and at naval stations in the
United States. Apply at recruiting office. 40
Ellis St., San Francisco, Cal.; 222 u, N. Main
St.. Los Angeles. Cat., and 401 K St.. Sacra,
mento. Cal.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House.
217 Third St.: 250 rooms; 2Bc to 50c per night
MEN to learn barber trade; only 8 weeks re-
quired; special offer this month; catalogue
and full information mailed free. MOLER
SYSTEM COLLEGE. 035 Clay st.
WANTED — Rough carpenters and laborers. Ap-
ply room 14. 26 Montgomery St.. San Fran-
c'fco Construction Company. . .'.'¦
BARBER shop for sale: Commercial Hotel shop
In Stockton. Particulars, apply J. M. HART.
433 East Main st., Stockton.
WANTED — Barber shop, city or country: give
full Information. Box 1650. Call office.
6 MEN for Africa. Australia and Europe at
H KRMAN'S. 2>1 Steuart at.
GOOD Job for good boy. SIMPKINS &
THORP, 116 Krle »t.
WANTED — Office boy. 16 years old; state
references. Box HM1. Call. ¦
WANTED — Energetic snlrnman for outside
work. THonKK_& CO.. 312 Bush st.
BOY in tin shop, learn trade: 16 years. 533
Mission st.
COATMAKKR8 for country. Apply REIS3
BROS. & CO., 24 gutter »t.
BOY wanted for printing office: paid while
learning. 100 California st. : top floor.
FOR wilp — 2-chnlr bnrher shop and living
rooms: » 1-nrgnln. Box 1633. Call. -
BATIBKK shop for «nl«« very cheap. Address
J. GON HALVES. Vacavllle. Cal.
McDONALD A PERRY have a large stock of
new and ssoond-hnnd shoes; cheap. 239 3d st.
PENSION atty. E. A. Bullls, room 40, Phelan
bldg. Past Com. Geo.'H. Thomas Post, G.A.R.
MAN to do Janitor work for tuition in S. F.
Barber School. 741 A Howard st.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
' Australia. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart St.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st. near Mar-
/ket — 700 rooms. 35c night; reading rooms;
( free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH ottlce for Call advertisement* and
rabtcrlptlons has been established at 1093
Valencia st. ___^^__
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. .563 Mission et.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET your shors half soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. C63 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
HELP WAXTED— MALE— Cob.
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
520 SACRAMENTO ST..
Cor 4 Leldesdorff. Phona Main 1191.
ASTORIA— OREGON— NEAR PORTLAND.
15O laborers and rockmen. $2 25 and $2 50
day fee $1 cheap fare, board $16.
WILLITS— UKIAH ROUTE— FREE FARE.
FEE $1.
20 laborers and teamsters $2 25.
BIG TUNNEL— FREE FARE— FEE $1.
20 muckers. $00: 20 tunnelmen. $75; dish-
washer. $30 found, same camp.
MANAGER HERE TO-DAY.
BUTTE CO.— CHICO— SHIP TO-NIGHT.
FEE $1— HALF FARE— Diamond Match Co.
100 teamsters, laborers, rockmen. concrete-
men, trackmen, spikers.- $2 25 to $2 50 day.
10 tunnelmen, same place. $(>O found.
MISCELLANEOUS.
We want men for 1100 other Jobs, such as
miners, muckers, laborers, raftsmen, coop-
ers, barkers, woodchoppers. tiemakers, car-
penters, lumber pilers. janitors, cooks, wait-
ers, dishwashers, farmers, choremen. milk-
ers': farmer and" wife, Nevada; bedmaker,
lumber company's boarding-house. $-"M> found.
OREGON— COAL MINERS — FREE FARE.
Sawyer, lumber company. $100 found, boss
S. P. R R. CO.'S OWN WORK— Free Fare.
200 section and extra gang men. also ship
to Reno. Golconda and Beowawe. Nev.
Young man learn grocery trade. $25 found,
city, m
Boy. delivery wacon. ' city, $7 50 week.
Call and Bee us to-day and get a free list
of Jobs. PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGEN-
CY. 620 Sacramento st.
HORSES AMD WAGONS.
HARNESS and saddles, the best for the money,
at JEPSEN BROS. CO.. Inc., the big store.
1145-1147 Market St., San Francisco.
FOR sale — Handsome trap; cheap. Box 1050,
Call office.
TWO line ponies for sale; ride or drive. Black-
smith shop. Folsom and Eleventh sts.
FOR sale— At Ecllps* Stable, 1375 Eddy st,
cheap saddle and large brood mare.
Largest assortmt 2-hand wagons, buckb'd sur-
rey.harness, work.drtvlng horses. 15th-VaiencU
8 GOOD horsea for eale cheap. 327 Sixth «t.
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping wagon and
gocart for sale cheap. 532 Mission st.
_^ HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list of houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,14 Montgomery.
A — HOUSES and flats to let; an immense list:
service absolutely fre«; take advantage of
this department; it will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., 245-259 Geary
St., on the square.
VAN NESS ave.. 2106.* near Pacific ave. — Mod-
ern house: 10 rooms: rent $70.
HOUSES TO LET — FURMSHED.
OAK. 419 — Elegantly furnished house; 10 rooms
and 2 baths: large garden; grand view.
BEFORE moving pet our printed list of houses
to let. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 25 Post st.
MAGNIFICENT marine view; comfortably fur.
mod, house; piano; furnace;refs. 3511 Jackson.
HOUSES WANTED.
WANTED — Unfurnished house (no flat), not
less than seven rooms; "Western Addition;
rent not to exceed $90 per month. Box 1651
Call office.
LOST AXD FOUXO.
LOST — Friday morning, on Market St.. between
Third and Taylor, one gold chain and locket,
with lady's picture in It. Suitable reward if
returned to 1004 Call building.
FROM Pierce and Sutter streets to Fillmore
and California streets; lot of negatives. Find-
er will kindly notify or return to 1722 Pierce,
street.
LOST — In Mission on Thursday, wild rose dia-
mond set breast pin. Return to 20 Hill st. ;
reward.
LOST— Between Tenth and Bryant. Polk 'and
Sutter. a gold chain bracelet. Return 452
Tenth st. ; reward.
LOST — Fob. shape of horseshoe: diamond In
center; reward. Address O. F. RODE 875
Center st.. Oakland.
LOST— Diamond rinp at Lick* Baths; reward
$20. Return to 1410 Market st.
LOST — Brown hunting dog: license No. 337;
name Ffdo. Return 504 Market; reward.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the California
Watch Case Co., 220 Sutter st.. needs old
gold and silver to make new watch cases.
MILLI.MiUY.
Xj. A DI ES, you &r^ invited to visit niy millinery
opening to-day and to-morrow; imported and
New Ycrk hats. MME. DOPCH. 207 Post st.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALS.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair It with elatertte; ln rolls eaxy to la?:
needs no painting or coating; good over old
Iron, tin or shingles; best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOKING CO.. 713 Market st.
2D-HD. machinery, boilers, engines, puir.pj,
pulleys, shafting, etc.. etc.. bought, aold.
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. 8. WH1TK M'CH'T CO.. 130-132 Beale st.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair:
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d st.. Exam, bid.; catalog, free.
Open evg's until 10 o'clock except Sundays.
A — Fir.e suits. $7 50: dress pants. $2 5O. , Origi-
nal Misfit Clothing Parlors. 23S Kearny St..
near Bush; open to 9 p. m. Sunday to. noon.
; A— $3 50 DERBY and fedora hats. $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. near
Pine; open till 9 p. m. Sunday to noon.
A BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulley*,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-253 Spear st.
2 FIRST-CLASS tickets Frisco to Colo. Spgs.;
1 male. dark, medium; 1 female, light, gray,
medium; good till Oct. 10. Box 1630. Call.
NEWSPAPER route lor sale; fine chance for
the right man. Address N. A. LARSEM.
1715 Pacific ave.. Alameda. ;
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 105-197 Fremont st. .
LADY'S diamond ring; sacrifice: $45 only: '
daily 2 to 6 p. m. SOS Third at. room 5.
PEDIGREED Scotch collie, IS months old. Call
cr address 1000 Castro St.. 6 to 7 p. m.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER- ;
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st. i
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard & Breck. 131 Post st.
MILKS of pipe and fittings; all sizes. EU-
GENE RILEY & SONS. 109 Vallejo at. ;
MOVING picture film and song slides. 10J»
Montgomery St. _^_^__^_^____
SAFES — New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
& CO., 122 Market st.
All bargains :camp stools and chairs ;hammocks,
metal beds,mattresses.J.F.Hotter,712 Mission.
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, moving
picture machines, films. Baclgalupi. 933 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches,
all sizes. J. E. DOAK, 46 Fremont et.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters; all
makes. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Mont'gy.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED — A large rlrst-class, refrigerator,
glass doors. 4CD Seventh St.. Oakland.
WANTED — Second-hand wood working ma-
chinery. Address box 4345. Call office.
BOOKS and libraries bought. H. C. HOLMES.
1140 Market St.; phone Jessie 3741. cr postal.
TILTON wants good second-hand cicthing and
theatrical goods. 154 Oth st. ; tel. Jessie 2831.
A BIG price paid for sealskins: send post a:.
23 Stockton st. : phone Bu-h 4S4.
)1O>KV TO LOAs! "
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY. ~~ ~~~~
601-602-603 Examiner building.
Qalck settlements; no disappointment.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property In trust
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided In-
terests ln property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
ADVANCES on furniture and pianos without
removal; to salaried people on their note
without security or knowledge of employer;
lowest rates; best terms; quickest service and
absolute privacy, special rates to municipal
employes and teachers. The National Credit
Co., r. 68-60 Donohoe bid.. 1170 Market st.
HIGHLY respectable private place u. obtain
liberal advances on diamonds jewelry at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. S4(S
Market st.; tel. Main 1644. Branch. 19 Third.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant aye
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10.000.
S. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY— Loans to salaried
THE TOUSLEY CO...?^ Pn^n'bldT"
ON furniture, piano; no removal. E VY LICK.
1003 Mutual Savings Bank bldg.. 708 'Market!
MONEY loaned to salaried employes. G W
MILLER, room 74. fifth floor. Chronicle, bldg"
FINANCIAL.
4 PER CENT TO 6 PErTcENT HIGH GRADE
Municipal, School, Railroad and Corporation
Bonds.
Bank and Trust Company Stocks.
Selected for conservative investors.
Write for Information to
HEAZELTON & CO..
Stock and Bond Brokers,
Hayward building,
San Francisco, Cal.
A SAN FRANCISCO firm wants a representa-
tive ln every town; applicant must be able to
give bank security if required. Address bax
1283. Call office.
FLATS TO LET.
A — HOUSES and flats to let: an immense list;
service absolutely free: take advantage o r
this department; It will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., 245-259 Geary
St., on the square.
NOE. 105C, cor. Elizabeth — New s'.x-room flat;
all modern improvements: convenient to Cas-
tro and 24th et. cars; rent reasonable.
$10— 4-ROOMflat. 144 PfeifTer, north of Chest-
nut: furniture can be bought for $50. VON
RHEIN R. E. CO., 513 California St.
$20 — ELEGANT up. punny cor. flat, « rooms,
bath. 3 Merritt. 4W2 ISth, west of Castro.
$37 50 — SUNNY upper flat, one flight. 7 rooms;
rear entrance and yard. 1051 Bush st.
SECOND ave.. 606. near McAllister et.— New,
modern upper flat 6 sunny rooms; *27 50.
BEAVER. 57. one block from Market and Six-
teenth sts. — Modern 9-room flat; very cheap.
FINEST new flat ln Panhandle district; 7 sun-
ny rooms. 138 Bellevue St., near Halght.
2 ELEGANT new flats, 6 and 7 rooms; rent
$30 and $35. Church and Seventeenth sts.
4 NEW rooms and bath; water free; $18. 336
Tehama st.
FLATS FOR SALE FURMSHED.
8-ROOM flat for sale; cheap; flrstxlass; brings
in $200 per month. A. B. Smith Furniture
Company, 128 Ellis St.
$."0 — Elegant furnished flat for sale; part cash;
7 rooms; bath; bargain; must be sold. Ap-
ply 812 Larkin st.
7-ROOM flat on Eddy st. ; downtown; must sell.
A. B. Smith Furniture Company. 12S Ellis st.
KUK.VITUUE WANTED.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission, phone Red 4482,
buys, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpets.
Cal. Auction House pays highest prices for fur-
niture, flats, etc. 1105 Mission; tel. Mint 2481.
A. L. STORRS pays highest cash prices furni-
ture. carpftp. etc.: tel. Larkin 3C31. C34 Ellis.
HELP WANTED FEMALE^
COOK, small boarding-house, $35; cook, no
v.ashlng. $35; 7 cooks, $30, $35, German fam-
ilies; 5 second girls, $20, $25; parlor maid.
$.'!<*; laundress for school, $25; French lady's
maid, $25; Infant nurse, $25: 3 nurse girls,
$20, $25; 4 restaurant waitresses, $8, short
hours; dining-room girl, sanitarium, $20;
laundress, private family, $25; chamber work
and waiting, country hotel, $25; 4 chamber-
rralds, assist waiting, $2u, $25; housework.
Mill Valley, ?2<>; Han Rafael. $30; and 44
house Kirl.x. city and all nearby towns at $2O.
$25, $.50. $35. Apply to J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 334 Sutter st.
A SECOND girl (must sew), for 2 young peo-
ple; see party here. MRS. PLUNKETT, 425
Sutter St., near Powell.
A WAITRESS for good commercial hotel;
short distance in country; $25; fare paid.
MISS PLUNKETT, 425 Sutter st., nr.Powell.
A— WANTED— Girls to learn hairdresslng,
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to 2
in 2 weeks; $5 to those entering now; 3 po-
sitions to fill Immediately; positions guaran-
teed at $10 pvr week up; leading school ln
West. 233 Geary St.. room 13.
A — LADIES, learn all branches halrdresslng
trade; manicuring, massage, etc.; 1230 Mar-
ket St., cor. Jones, room !»4; positions secured
at highest wages; day and eve. class; call.
A — Girls to learn millinery now for fall season;
both seasons taught from start to finish In 1
month for $10; positions as trimmers, sales-
ladles, etc., guaranteed at $10 per week up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton St.. r. 13.
WOMEN and girls wanted to work on fruit
and canning; steady work; highest wages.
Apply California Canneries Co., Brannan St.,
between Third and Fourth.
WOMEN and girls to work on fruit; steady
employment; day and piece work; highest
wages. CODE-PORTWOOD CANNING CO..
Bryant and Tenth.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-
ETERS; NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY:
PAID SALARY. LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'S
FACTORIES. 32^ FREMONT ST. AND 1873
MISSION. NEAR FIFTEENTH.
WANTED — Saleslady: steady position; one ex- !
perienced ln the crockery business preferred;
I give reference and wages expected. Box
4355. Call office.
WANTED — First-class millinery trimmers for
country; steady position; excellent salary.
Apply HOLM & NATHAN, 512 Market st.
WANTED — Experienced waist trimmers and
fcklrt hand3. Apply COX & DAUGHTERS,
1514 Pine st.
WANTED — Good seamstress and chamber-
rraid; four in family: wages $25; references
required. Apply 1204 14th St.. Oakland.
GOOD home and wages for Protestant woman,
to cook, keep house and assist caring for in-
valld. Apply to-day. 1011 Guerrero st.
TYPEWRITER: must be quick and accurate
in clerical work. Apply to box 4356, Call.
EXPERIENCED skirt finishers. A. KAHN, 142
Geary st.
COMPETENT girl to do general housework
and cooking. 1234 Geary st., cor Gough; 9-12.
WOMAN for housework; wages $25. Apply
SE. corner Alabama and Montcalm sts.
YOUNG girl to do light housewcrk. 4137
Seventeenth st. .
WANTED — Apprentices to learn hair work,
hai' dressing and manicuring; paid while
learning. Apply at HALE BROS.'
BRIGHT young girl to assist lady bookkeeper
in office work 3 evenings In a week; $2 week.
Address box 1C52, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS hair dresser; none others need
apply. Call at MRS. DIEHL'S. 528 Four-
teenth St., Oakland.
WANTED — Hair workers to do piece work at
home; paid well and no experience necessary.
Apply box 1B3S. Call office.
SECOND tfrl; French or Italian preferred:
references required; wages $25. Apply 1200
Geary st., bet. 9 and 12 o'clock. *
AN energetic woman who has had some expe-
rience in traveling. Box 1040, Call office.
Wanted — Young woman for office ;state age, ex-
perience & salary expected. Box 1636, Call.
WANTED — Competent girl for general house-
. work aud cooking. 1622 Gearv •'
HELP WANTED— FEMALE Con.
BOOKFOLDERS and sewers: girls 15 to 17
wanted to learn the trade; steady employ-
ment and good wages paid while learning.
FRANK MALLOYE. 422 Sacramento »t.
GIRLS about 15 for factory work; good wtfei.
Apply at once. AMES & HARRIS, 100 Sacra-
mento St.
FIRST-CLASS stenographers furnished. Miss
M. G. Barrett. Instructor. 302 Montgomery.
LADY agents on salary. Call 9 to 5, office 59,
Columbian building, 916 Market Bt.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098 Va-
lencia st.
HELP WANTED MALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S
Employment Agency.
429 Bush st 642 Clay St.
•SHIP DAILY THIS WEEK FOR NEVADA.
100. laborers, Fenelon. Nevada $2
100 laborers, Reno. Nevada ?-
100 laborers, Golconda, Nevada $2
100 laborers, Beowawe, Nevada ?2
Board $4 60 week.
Absolutely free fare Office fee $1
FOR CASPAR TUNNEL. MENDOCINO CO.
Laborers, pick and shovel men ?2
Steamer sails Monday Free fare
Muckers, tunnelmen. laborers, Marln Co.
$2 23
ABSOLUTELY FREE FARE FOR ALL
ABOVE.
DIAMOND MATCH CO., CHICO, CAL.
Rockmen, laborers, $2 25, $2 50. Rate fare
S2 SO.
20 trackmen, new R. R. work, $2 25 day; .">0
tunnelmen and laborers, near city, $2-$2 25
day: 10 teamsters, Solano Co., $2 25; 50 la-
borers, city and near city. $2-$2 25 day; 10
teamsters, Solano Co., $2 25; 50 laborers,
city and near city, $2-$2 25 day; 20 fruit-
pickers, $1 15 day; farmers, milkers, chore-
men, others.
Cook and wife, country restaurant, $70; dish-
washer. $30; second cook, $£0, same coun-
try hotel; 10 waiters, city and country, $30-
$40; waiter, institution, country, $25; pan-
trymen, porters, dishwashers, kitchen hands
and other?, $30-$40.
C. R. HANSEN & CO. ..Employment Agency
429 Bush »t 642 Clay st.
AT CALIFORNIA EMPI/OYMENT AGENCY.
59 Third st.. nr. Call bldg.; phone Bush 405.
NEVADA AND UTAH.
FREE TARE.
RYNDON. GOLCONDA AND RENO.
S. P. R. R. CO.'S OWN WORK.
199 laborers. $2 a day.
We Ship Daily On All Trains.
Crowds Are Going. * Are You?
91 section hands, all parts of California
Coast line and Western division.
EUREKA— HUMUOLDT COUNTY
FARE ADVANCED.
Band sawyer. $100 a month and board
7 laborers, sawmill. $35 and board
10 lumber pilrrs and yardmen, $35 & board.
OREGON— FARE ADVANCED.
5 coal miners. 6-foot vein, $1 a ton
CHICO— BUTTE COUNTY.
Half-rate fare $2 SO
DIAMOND MATCH COMPANY
Laborers, teamsters, track men. tunnel men
woodchoppers and right of way men. *50 to
$00 a month.
SHIP TO-DAY.
BIG MILL— SOUTH
4 lumber pilers. $1 50 a day and board.
2 lumber loaders. $1 50 a day and board.
7 laborers, city work. 0 hours $2 25 a day.
CAL. EMP. AGENCY, 59 Third st.
COACHMAN and wife as waitress $70; chore-
man for resort. $20 and found; coachman $40
and found; lineman for donkey, $70 and
board; farmer and wife for Nevada. $40 fare
advanced; 3 farmers and wives, $40, $50 and
$o5 and found; farmers. $1 25 day and found;
bench hand, machine shop; boiler-maker's
helpers, $2 15 day; blacksmith. $3 day; brick-
burner. $3 day; stable boy, $20 and found-
choreboy. private family. $20 and found:
milker, $40 and found; laborers for mill and
woods: 2 muckers, $2 50 day: woodchoppers.
fruit pickers and others. J. F. CROSETT &
CO.. (J28 Sacramento st.
HOTEL second cook, country, $50 and found;
cook, country hotel. $(55; boarding-house cook
.1 al i er f " r resort, $25 and found, fare
paid; dishwashers, porters, "bus man and oth-
ers. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. C28 Sacramento.
A MAN and wife for a grain ranch, woman to
cook, man to act as teamster, $55; see boss
here this morning. MISS PLUNKETT 425
Sutter St.. near Powell.
WANTED — Salesmrn for men's clothing de-
partment. Apply S. N. WOOD & CO 710
Market st.
TAILORS— Bushelman wanted. Apply ready
N WOOD Sa . tUrfIay mornlng: Btcadv 3°b. S.
BOYS WANTED. /
No more long hours.
New wage scale.
For a few more good boys. A. D. T. Co., 607
Market st.
WHY pay big prices to have your shoes half-
soled when you can get It done for 25c, 60c
and bOc. while you wait at 5«3 Mission St.,
bet. 1st and 2d sts.. or 11 Third st? Open
ewnlnga until 10 o'clock except Sundays.
WANTED— A good all around upholsterer- also
a ». m /V ttress make r: must be Al: union shop.
WAKKFIELD MNFG. CO.. 401-463 Fourth
St., Oakland.
WANTED— Boy to learn engraving and de-
signing; must be well recommended; no
wages to start with. Apply with guardian
room (iO. 120 Sutter st.
WANTED — A first-class ¦ hardware traveling
representative for wholesale house: experi-
ence necessary; liberal salary to right party.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$150 pair; foot-form ehoes at $2 50; we pay
express or mail chrgs. 11 Third St.. Exam,
bid.; open evg'a until 10 o'clock ex. Sundays.
WANTED— Competent dry goods packer. Ap-
ply between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
WANTED— First-class domestic salesman. Ap-
ply between 0 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
OPERATORS on ladles' cloaks and suits. D.
M. DAVIDSON & CO., 52 First st.
BOY for plumber's helper, with some experi-
ence. Apply by 8 o'clock, 140 Chenery st.
FIRST-CLASS Jeweler wanted: state ability
and wages wanted; city. Box 4358, Call.
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday at
ol7 Montgomery at.
BARBER for Saturday noon and Sunday at 428
Broadway.
WANTED— Barber for Saturday and Sunday.
413 Broadway.
WA .^T ED ~ stron S J'oung man to help on cakes.
Ill Larkin st .
CASH boys and stock helpers wanted. Apply
superintendent's office. Emporium.
WANTED— Competent dry goods packer. Ji>
steady Job. 109 California st.
WANTED — A first-class man who Is uphol-
sterer and drapery hanger. Box 1701. Call.
WANTED— Bedmaker. ' 261 First Bt.
BOOTBLACK wanted at 208 Third St.. under
Hughes House.
CLAIRVOYANTS— Continued.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader in city.
2(3ti Kearny, room 2u; ladies 25c, gents 50c.
MISS WARD, high psychic medium, palmist;
ladles 25c. gents 50c; no sign. 413 Mason st.
MRS. SHAFER. clairvoyant, card reader; slt-
tlngs dally. 448V» Jessie rt.. bet. 5th and fith.
CARPET ¦BE JATIXG AND
AIR, corr.pres-ted, dry, ice cold, is now univer-
sally used i.i sanitarily cleaning carpets, on
floor without removal or Injury: prices mod-
erate. Apply S. F. COMFRESSED AIR
CLEANING CO.. Call bid.; phone Main 5237.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
tend for EPAULDINC.'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. :»5-357 Tehama st. : tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1809 Har-
rison ct.. Al cleaning. 3c; tel. Mission 225.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating Co., J. McQueen,
proprietor. 329 Guerrero st.; tel. Mission 49.
TRY HOPKE BROS.: excellent carpet-beating;
mattresses made over. 1432 Howard :South 216
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Putter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
j RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
; reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. : tel.Mlssion 263.
I CONKLIN'% Superior Carpet-beating Works.
XtX Onl^en Onte «v». : t»l>ph<-.n» Kn«t 17d.
CHIROPODISTS.
DUNLAP FOOT INSTITUTE. 50 Geary— All
ailments of the feet cured: corns, bunions.etc.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
! BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or* country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10; te}. 5580.
DENTISTS.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates ar«
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from IS per set; extracting. 60c; gas given.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crown. $3 50: fillings, 50c;
plates $5; full set;all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 ICearny. cor. Bush-
Set toeth $1 BO up; crowns $2 up: fillings 25c.
GOLD fillings. 75c; silver. 35c; crowns. $2; no
pain: open Sunday. Dr. O.B.Hewitt. 204 Sutter.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School
—Any pattern cut to measure. 1019 Market
I ACCORDION, sunburst & knife plaiting. Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor.
lin:i.\G AND CLKAM.VG,
SEA breezes sweeten all garments, blankets,
lace curtains, etc., done by the Presidio
Heights Dye Works. 3915 Sacramento; phone
for wagon. West 453. H. HICKMAN. prea.
EUCCAT1ONAL.
KEALDS BU^lN^S~^oTL^Gi£r^r?OBtr^
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy, English branches;
day and night sessions; illus. catalogue free.
AYRES, the leading business college. 723 Mar-
ket Et. ; special cummer course ln all depart-
ments: handsome catalogue free; life scholar-
chip. $50; day and evening sessions.
CALIFORNIA Business College. 305 Larkin st.
"A thorough school"; positions secured for
graduates; modern methods: individual in-
struction. Write for illustrated catalogue.
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
fcr the university, law and medical colleges;
ref.. President Jordan or any Stanford pro-
festor; day, evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
HINMAN'S Academy; a thorough school of
dancing; established 20 years. H12 Polk St..
between Pine and California; both adult and
children's classes are now open for the season.
A— SAN FRANCISCO Business College. TiTG
Market st. — Practical, progressive, reliable;
day & evening sessions; write for catalogue.
PRIVATE lessons given to pupils behind in
grammar grade work. Further particulars,
address box 1779. Call office.
HEALD'S School of Mines & EIectricity,24 Post
et., E. F. ; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec. min., mech.. sur-
vey. assay, cyanide; day. eve.; «st. 1S64. Van
der Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday, Saturday and
Sunday evenings at Teutania Hall. Howard
et., near Ninth; management Prof. Foster.
GOLDEN Gate Com'l College, 530 Golden Gate
ave.; full business course; day ana evening.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTIXGTON'S, 424 Pine St. ..Night class.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve.; $3 mo. 1024 Misslon.nr.6th.
Chicago Business College, 1435 Market, nr. 10th.
Plttma.n shorthand, typing, bookrg-. $" rr.o.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
GEORGE AOKI, 421 Post «t.; tel. Bush 133 —
Japanese-Chinese employment office; fur-
nishes best help; contracts for. farm help, etc.
A — ORl'HEUM Employment Office — Japanese-
Chinese help. 426 Powell. Tel. Main 575::.
A — GRAND Japanese-Chines- Emp. Office, 115
Stockton; tel. Grant 16S; txpert, reliable help.
CHINESE Employment Office — Best help at
Leon Eeung-g.^ll^ O'Farrtll: tel. East 42t>.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice: all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 51S.V
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY &. CO.. 640 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WA\TED FEMALE.
A FIRST-CLASS German cook wishes position
as cook or to conduct private dinners; thor-
oughly competent. Ahlborn House, 321
Grant ave.. room 20.
A RELIABLE colored woman wishes work by
the day washing or cleaning. Address C.
DOLBECK. 15 ' a Tehama st.
MIDDLE-AGED American woman wishes sit-
uation as housekeeper or cook on ranch; neat
and reliable. Address Housekeeper, 109
Leavenworth st.
COMPETENT laundress wishes place 2 or 3
days a week; excellent references: $2 a day.
Iti71 McAllister St.
A REFINED American girl wants position as
second girl in small family; references. Box
1610. Call. ,
JAPANESE honept girl wants place, cook and
housework. Box 1793. Call office. ¦
WANT ad* and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister at.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — SIAI.R.
YOUNG man. assistant bookkeeper, bill clerk
or office assistant, desires position; two year3
in last place and has best references from
same. Address H. D. C, 119 Fifth St.,
third flat.
MARRIED couple with a child 18 months
would like situations; man good all around
man and wife good housekeeper. Address
S16 Peralta St.. Oakland.
WANTED — A position ln furnishing goods
house by young man with nine years' expe-
rience. 1630 Page st.
GOOD house carpenter wants long Job. Box
1702. Call office.
YOUNG Swedish man wants to learn the
photographers' business. Box 17S9. Call.
YOUNG man wants position few hours during
day or evening. Box 4359, Call office.
POSITION -wanted by unincumbered, healthy,
active, reliable, honest, refined, elderly wid- \
ewer as companion to invalid or others on ¦
land or sea; guardian, custodian or some
other suitable emDloyment. Address R. F..
P. O. box 2163, San Francisco, Cal.
POSITION an janitor <10 years' experience) or
as porter in any wholesale house; can assist
at wrapping or packing. Addrecs N. LIN-
TON, care E. C. HARK. Masonic Temple.
YOUNG man, experienced Btenographer, re-
liable, industrious and capable, desires to
secure a. better position in that capacity;
city or country; references. Box 1047, Call.
BUTLER or valet position wanted by thor-
oughly competent man. 30 years of age; only
good and permanent place is wanted. Box
ltSO. Call.
GERMAN, sober, reliable, wishes situation at
anything; understands care of horses; good
driver; city or country; best references. Ad-
dress box 1C37, Call.
POSITION as salesman with wholesale gro-
cery or commission firm tn which half of
the day can be giverv.to the work; salary or
commlt-slon. Box ltSo, Call.
GERMAN, French. Spanish, physical culture,
massage or nuiMnpr for board, lodging, cloth-
ing or cash. Write D. L. PARKER. P. O.
Station M.
A YOUNG experienced butcher would like a.
position to drive a wagon and help in shop;
city or country. Box 1C40, Call.
ENGINEER <stationary) wishes eltuatlon; city
or country; can do his own repairs; reference
given. Box 4144. Call office.
A SOBER young man would like a position
few hours during day or evening. Box 4343
Call office.
FLORIST wants position In florist store or
greenhouses: city or vicinity. Address box
4351. Call office.
A REFINED, good natured Chinese wishes sit-
uation ai> first-class cook in hotel. F. W.
WONG, i'l Brenham Dlaca. i
MO>'K1 TO I.UAX rnntlnn«il.
MONET loaned to salaried people, rrtai! m-r-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses. Wttkoui
security: easy payments; larzest business .•»
48 principal cities. Tolman. f.5.1 I'arrott bid*
MONEY to loan on low Interest; e'.M. sttKer.
diamonds nearls and preciorf* stor>"* bnu~' •
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth »t.
3% ON furniture & pianoa; Sir. up: ro rernovT"
V. TREMAIN. room 81. f. Eddy y r . . floor ' i.'
, ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry ; ;>Jr~7^
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Rank. ." N Kear-ir'
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loaru Dionay" (1
salaried employes. R.rjll. Mutual RtT.Bh.bM
CASH loaned salaried people oa notes wlthiuf
irrior«er. MOFIKFT.T,. t-ff> Vn-m--'— ¦','¦¦ v
MEDICAL.
; MRS. DR. W YET "h?" specialist for^aTrfernTia
complaints; instant relief Kuarant^ei'
years' experience; removed to sjfj post st
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist foTa 1 ' '»"
male troubles and irregularities; instin" '»!
Uef guaranteed. lOCxi^, Market St.. op;, v^
, DR. G. W. O'DONNKLL— All who ar? fU-lTT?
in trouble consult this specialist on ffrr.Vj
complaints: positively corrected; tli- onfei
tunate helped; the most difficult cases treat.
ed: advice free. Office. 101* Market st.
Drs. Goodwin. 733 Turk. nr. Van Ness — Kxp-rt
in obstetrics, female complaints; Inst. reli*'"
treatment $10; hours. 10 to 5; 23 yr?. expr!
MRS. D. ALLEN. 111.8 Market— Reliable lading
specialist; a private home before and durir^
confinement: best medical care; low fees.
DR. ROSEN moved to 2095 Folsom st. corner
26th: relief $10; ladies' exclusive office.
DR. and MRS. DAVIE3 and HINDOO HERBS~
original method of treatment. 1126 Market «.
DR. NG TOT KEE. 315) Poweil St.. oppose*
fnlon «quare: all diyases cured by herbs.
MUSICAL WSTRIMEXTS.
ARE NOT THESE BARGAINS?
Sherman & Hyde upright . lit?
FiUher '.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'a
Blnger j^-j
2 Stelnirays , 163 3^
2 Cnlckerlnga 83 1S9
2 Hetnes 337 333
Renu. $2 ud. apply on purchase; install-
ments, |4 up.
HEINE PIANO CO., 235-217 Geary st.. larg-
est exclusive piano house of the West.
AN upright piano shipped by high class East-
ern manufacturers win be told at actual cost
to save return of freight. 237 Geary st.
STEINWAY uprisht, left by private party.
$165; a great bargain. 237 Geary st.
WE rent the best piano ln the city for $3 pep
month; a few fine ones for $3 ZO; « month*
rental allowed on purchase price. Something
new — the Scott Curtaz "Bijou," a Httl»
beauty with a big tone. Will go through the
smallest dcorway. For rent or for sale. Th#
"MePhall" piano; a magnificent Instrument.
The "Schiller" piano; best quality for th»
money en the coast. Some big bargains in
second-hand pianos. SCOTT CURTAZ Piana
Co.. 5TO-62-84 Hayes St.; tel.. Fell 57^1.
YOU dc not take any chances when buying
from J8. Our methods are well known to h*
open and above board. "Big bargains, noe
big ads." Is our rule. All goods guaranteed
as represented or 00 sale. Call and see '.,*:«¦«
assortment of new and used Instrument*
THE ZE.NO MAITVAI3 MUSIC CO.. TfJ Mar.
ket at.
A FEW good bargains, from $60 up, lnc!u,j:nt
such makes as Mason & Harulin^ Wm-.
Sterling. Marshall & Wendell. Fischer. Klrk-
mann. Carl:tt. Weser. Pea?e. Kohler & '>.¦¦»
and many others; easy payments. B-nJ. Cur-
taz & Son. 1« O'Farrell; no branches ln S. F\
THE greatest opportunity ever offered In Sas
Fran-isco to get a good reliable pi.ino cheap.
Before our removal we will sacrifice any in-
•trument for cash or installments. Call nr
write for prices am) terms at once-. KOHLEit
& CHASE. Es'iblished 185O. 30 O'Farrell.
BAND Instruments: K. Besson. Paris, mak-r.
Gus Maiwald.Ast. Pac. Coast. 27H O'Farrei';
skillful repairing; 2d-hand Instruments sold.
WANTED — '¦' good squa/e pianos. 1 concert
grand piano. 2 organs for halls. BYROM
MAUZT. -tOS Post st. A
$75— Upright piano: a Gabler; good snap. IIOR.
XUNG. ilG McAllister st.
RARE chance; cash or payments; elegant hi»!j
grade upright. 16 McAllister st.
Unredeemed storase planes and furniture dirt
cheap. Whitehead's Storage. 1636 Market st.
BEAUTIFUL 3-pedaI Steinway upright plan--:
perfect order: sacrifice. KeefTe's.28j O-Farre'i.
SOIIMER, Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecilian piar.'j
player. BYRON MAUZY. 3C8-312 Post st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
Ml'LLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham r-lar-.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
WOULD like to share office expenses with
some good lawyer or desk room. Box Itk!2,
Call office
STORE with large basement: below Kearny
St.: rent ?:!0. Apply fiH« Clay St.. room 1.
PIANOS A.\D ORGANS.
PART of our list of bargains la second- har.4
ij.aaes for September, ltfihi:
Original
Price. Now.
I MAJESTIC —
Walnut case, medium size. 7 1-3
octaves, three pedals, full swinging
music rack, latest design, good con-
dition *S0 122*
3 EMERSONS—
Two In walnut cases and one in
oak. small size, carved panels.
three pedals. 7 1-3 octaves, fine con-
dition, each 373 223
1 FISCHER—
Mahcgany case, large size, 7 1-3
octaves, fine condition, thoroughly
renovated, cannot be told from a
new piano 373 223
1 RICHMOND —
Mahcgany case, large size. latest
•tyle, three pedals, 7 1-3 octaves.
mandolin attachment, almost new.. 300 244
1 C. A. STONE & CO.—
Walnut ca«e, medium size, full
¦winging music rack, thoroughly
renovated and equal to new 330 230
1 ESTEY —
Walnut case, medium size, 1 1-3
octaves, in good condition 400 239
I 1 BRUENN—
Walnut case, cabinet grand, 7 1-3
octaves, thoroughly renovated and
equal to new .* 430 260
Complete list furnished on application at
our etcre. SHERMAN. CLAY A CO..
Corner Kramv and Sutter sts.
PERSONALS.
A— FACIAL BLEMISHES REMOVED.
Wrinkle*, yellow and flabby skin, birthmarks,
smallpox plttlngs and scars scientifically ra-
moved without cutting, massage, electricity or
mediciner; special demonstrations this week.
Call or write Dr. L. WILLIAMS. 371 Geary.
SPECIAL — Reduced for the month only, home
treatment that you can use at your o«rt»
hcrne, tmovinj wrinkles, tan. freckles, leav-
ing sklr, ci*ar and smooth; to be had only a.z
my office. Call or write M. ELLA HARRIS.
7S1 O'Farrell at.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, im-
proves its growth. srops falling. cure* dandru.T
and Itching scalp: no stain or stickiness:
cleanses scalp: at druggists', hairdresser* ;ac-
cept no -ubgUtute. Star ReroedyCo..3S3Gcarv.
NOT tow cheap, but how good is the motto of
the manufacturers of the Rapid F.otary
Standard, the sewing-machine of to-day. J.
W. EVANS, arent. 1C21 Market st.
PHYSICIAN. 15 years' experience, cures per-
manently morphine, cocaine habit. Call or
address Central Pharmacy. 231 Grant ave..
corner Sutler *t. ; fee moderate.
DRUNKENNESS, morphine and all drui dis-
eases positively cured by Willow Bark Co..
1809 Polk St.: consultation free: -all or write.
REMOVAL— DR. W. C. STRATTON has re-
moved his office from 223T. M'.sxion st. to
rooms 573 and 574. Parrott bldg (Emporium)^
HAIP.DP.ESSINO In all tranches taught: *i toe
2 weeks. Up-to-Pate Halrdress'.ng 1 ar.ors.
1026 MarkPt St.. rocm 1. upstair*.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Satur.*:>y ant*
Sunday evenings at TeutonU Hall. Howard
«t.. near Ninth: management Pro^.t' ° ?t>r -
AT less than. ccst. uncalled for »ul^. ov r r ™'.?
and trousers, at CHARLES LYO.No. London
Tailor. 721 Market st.
ELEGANT suits on easy f»^??5?Ki2? c ti'.V?
and up per week. LEON LEMOS 1U7
Market gt. between f»e^n_tjfi_anc< Eighth.
SUPERFLUOUS hai: & m"les removed by »!•£.
trie needle. Dr. & Mrs. Traverse.lliQ Market.
"WITHOUT Medicines": only positive^ cure for
total deafness & rieaf mutes. Box 4-~4, tall.
THE beat place to buy good umbrellas or
have them covered or repaired Is 120 Stocktcn.
ALL *tvle« hairdresfins 25c: hair goods: rn-»r.i-
CTriwE 2*£ Q LEPERER. 123 Stockton .:.
tailor-made suit $7 so: dress pants u^-
Misnt Clothing Varlor. for. Bush and Dupon..
MASQUERADE c?ftj^!*. "•?'« 5S? k V- W if'-
country orders GOLI»TK1N ft CO.. 73^ M»:
ALFREDUM'T'Egyptian Henr.a restores gray
hair to its natural coior: $1: at all drugS's" -
EuDernuous hair and moles removed w;th tl«e-
tVic ne.Mie M^ ft Miss Eaton. Uli> Sutter.
1« AL.«1 1ST rt V.
MME DEVAS — Scientific palmist ami astrolo-
glst. Palm readings $1. Hours li> to 12 and
1 to 5. and Tuesday evenings. 1:*I> Post st.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 313
Taylor st.. near O<>ary. Phone Black 5fil.
I'APERHA.NGING. PAINTING. ETC.
ROOMS papered. $3 50 up: tinting, painting.
Hartmann Paint Co.. 319 3d st.;tel. Main ?»•*-
The men who deal in large' affairs and those who toil as well
Have learned that our ad columns help to either buy or sell,
And should you ask these gentlemen what paper is the best
They'll promptly answer, " 'Tls The Call, for It meets every test.
Many a bargain we have found and many a dollar made
By looking o'er its columns in our several lines of trade."Continued From Page Eleven.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
SAN FUANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
FollowinK were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday;
• Morning Session.
200 Andes 15 200 Keyes . ru
200 Caledonia ... «'• 100 Mexican "110
100 Chollar 22 200 Overman a*
500 C New York. 21 200 Union .. "'" -A
100 Crown Po:nt. 13 100 Utah .. "" it
700 Justice OS '•'
Afternoon Session.
100 C Cal & Va..l 45 BOO Julia ... a ,
500 Potosi ....... 21 200 Andes.. " 14
200 Sierra Nev... HI 300 C New York" 23
100 Exchequer ..12 *"
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY, Sept. 25—3:30 p m
Bld.Ask. B , d A "
Ophlr .1 05 1 75 Exchequer .. 11 n
Mexican 1 10 1 15 Seg Belcher.. OS 10
Gould & Cur. 23 24 Overman .... 2 0 ..Y
Best & "Bel.. .1 50 1 70 Justice 0 S (CJ
C Cal & Va..l 40 1 *o Union ." ~?> 74
Savage ...... '25 • 2tt Alta rZ /J.
Chollar ...... 21 22 Julia .•" X?
Potosi 21 22 Caledonia ...87 R8
Hale & Nor.. 47 60 Silver Hill... m \
Crown Point.. 12 13 Challenge ... 31 -tt
Yellow Jack.. 47 ,00 Occidental .. 30 : n
Imperial .... O.J 04 Lady Wash. oJ
Kentuck 02 04 Andes ' 14 1 «
Alpha OB 03 Scorpion . . . ! 02 1)4
Belcher 24 26 C New York. 22 2^
Confidence ... 80 00 St Louis .... _f (•'
Slfrra Nev... 60 62 Eureka Con.. — -,o
UTah 13 ' 14 Syndicate ... _ fin
Bullion 09 10 Keyes 63
'5PNOPAH MINES.
Colehan ..... 15 18 Ton • Belmont.l 25 1 mi
Ksperanza ... 02 05 Ton & G \v.. VX
GoldMountn. 07 OS Ton of Nev.. 6 60 -_
Lucky Tom... 01 —Ton N Star.. 34 '30
MacNamara . 13 10 Ton Midway.. 42 45
Mont Ton.... 95 001 Ton & S Lake 45
Paymaster .. 10 11 United Ton... OS 15
Rescue ...... 08 11 V-
EAGAN SENT TO JAIL.— Thomas Eagan.
formerly employed by the United Railroads,
was ordered sent to jail for five days by Judge
Kerrigan yesterday for refusal to pay his for
mer wife alimony.
International Cricket Match.
PHILADELPHIA. Sept. 25 —The first
International test cricket match between
the gentlemen of Philadelphia and the
Kent County eleven of England began
to-day on the grounds of the Philadelphia
Cricket Club at Wissahicken Heights.
After three hours* batting the innings
closed for 12S runs, of which King's con
tribution of 39 was the highest. The oth
ers who made double figures were: Clark,
20; Jones. 18: Walker, 10 and Criger. 10.
The visitors in their inning made a much
more favorable showing, scoring 65 with
the loss of onlv three wickets. Burnup
scored 10, Stew"art 5, Dillon 18, Seymour
(not out) 10: extras 12.
Same to same, lot on N corner of Howard
and Eighth streets. NW 1C5 by NE 275; $10.
Same to same, lot on E corner of Bryant
and Ninth streets. NE 275 by SE 275; $10.
Thomas Morffew to Charles Monsen, lot on
E line of Vermont street, 125 S of Twenty
second, S 25 by E 100; $10.
Ida K. Umbsen to Caroline D. E. Ihnen.
lot on E line of Fourth avenue, .175 S of Lake
street, S 25 by E 120; $10.
Caroline D. E. and Herman H. Ihnen to
Hattle A. Rood, lot on E line of Fourth ave
nue, 175 S of Lake street, S 25 by E 120; $10.
Ada" E. and Joseph H. Covllle to Solomon
Getz lot on N line of California street. 81 W
of Eighteenth avenue, W. 52 by N 120. quit
claim deed; $1.
' Oscar and Jennie Kustel to Emmett and
Emma T. Dunn, lot On S line of California
street, 133:4 E of Seventeenth avenue, E 20:8
by s 0(1:1: $10. .
Ida B. and W. H. Yates to Jeremiah Buck
ley lot on W line of • Ninth avenue, 150 N
of I street, N 25 by W 120; $10.
D and Jane G. Maclean to Mitchell John
son, lot on N line of S street, 57:6 W of
Twenty-sixth avenue, W 75 by N 100; $10.
John A. and Louise C. Sobrio to Louis Gen
dotti. undivided Vt of lot on SE line of Chenery
[street, 300 NE of Miguel, NE 28 by BE 100,
lot 17, block 16, Fatrmount Tract; $10.
Carrie and Henry Selson. to John W. Mc-
Donald, lot on S line of Thirtieth street, 57:6
W of Harper. W 2»:G by S 125. lot 17.. block
24 Falrmount: $10.
Joseph, Harriet B., Jacob and Bertha G.
WeUsbetn to Charles F. and Anna A. Nelson,
lot ' on K line of Hoffman street, 20:6 N of
Elizabeth, N 25 by E 00. lot 122, Heyman
Tract: $10.
Emily F. Pope to Pope Estate Company,
lot on NW corner of Seventeenth nnd Ashbury
streets. W 1245:6% -NW 712:4. NE 12:2. NW
49:4 NE 67:8. NE 114:10, NW 87:5, NE 100,
NW'l25, NE 150, NW 50. NE 107:3*4. NW 75
SW 29, NE ¦120:9%.- SE 1:4, NE 238:1. SE
'293:3%,- SE 1105:2>4. NE 00, SE 32:0%; also
lot on SW corner of Seventeenth and Ashbury
streets SE 124, SE 108:9, SW 7, W 600:4%,
thence 64:2 to S line of Carmel, E 610:3U.
SW 148:3, SW 318:3. SW 113. SW .15:2. thence
64:2% -to 8 lln* of Eighteenth, . N 791:5%, NW
584:2. E 1266:9Tt: $10.
Emily F. Pope to Pope Estate Company (cor
poration), lot on NW line of Mission street.
275 SW of Seventh, SW «8:4%. NW 165, NE
63:4% SE 27:0, NE 6. SE 137:0; $10.
Same to same, lot on NE line of Second
street, 20(i:3 NW of Harrison. NW 30 by NE
125:6; $3000. "v
Edward N. and Mary H. Harmon to A.
Schilling and G. F. Volkmann (A. Schilling &
Co.). lot on NW line of 100 vara lot 6<> dis
tant 82:0 SW from NE corner of said lot, SE
137:6, SW 42:tt to Charles street, NW 137:6.
NE 42; (Charles street), lot on NW line of
100 vara lot tMi. distant 125 NE Second street.
NE to NE line Charles street, SE 3S:9 SW
to SW line of Charles. NW to beginning; also
undivided V4 of lot on SW line of Essex street,
270 SE of Folsom. SE 21 by SW 87:6; recites
that first and second parties own various other
property and interests In block bounded by
Folsom, First. Harrison and Second streets,
and agree as to certain improvements on above
described premises and the other property,
deed and agreement; $10.
Emily F. Pope to Pope Estate Company (cor
poration), lot on NW line of Folsom street
145 SW of Second. N 135 by W 70; $10.
Daniel A. and Elizabeth J. Twigg to Mollle
R. Friedman (wife of Louis) lot on SW line
of Madison avenue. 275 SE of Harrison street.
SE 25 by SW 80; $10.
Columbian Banking Company to Isaac Har
ris, lot on NW line of Brannan street, 100
NE of Sixth. NE 25 by NW 110: $10.
Samuel H. Harmon to Edward N. Harmon,
lot on NW line of 1C0 .vara lot 69. distant 82:0
SW from NE corner of said 100 vara SE
137:6 by SW 42:6; $3000.
Same to earno, undivided Vi of portion of
100 vara lot ti5. beginning on dividing line 100
vara lots <i5 and 6<i, distant 250 NW of Har
rison street. NW 21 by NE 87 :C; $500.
Same to same, lot on NE line of Steuart
etrcet 275 NW of Howard, NE 137:6 by SE
45:10; $10.
Matilda D. Bennett to S. H. Harmon, undi
vided l-»! of 1C0 vara lot 65. beginning at point
on dividing line of lots i!5 and 60, 250 feet
from Harrison street. NW 25 by NE 87:6, to
Essex, quitclaim deed; $10.
Matilda D. and R. H. Bennett to same, re
record 112t D. 216. undivided 1-C feame, 'quit
claim deed: $10. v.
Emily F. Pope to Pope Estate Company, lot
on N line of Jackson street. 175 W of Larkln,
W 50 by N 127 :Sft; $10.
Same to same, lot on SW corner of Bay and
Larkln streets, S 137:6 by W 125; $10.
Same to same, lot on N\V corner of Van Ness
avenue and California street, W 159:4 by N
C0:3; *10.
Moses J. and Sarah Franklin to Frank ! J.
Stanton, lot on N line of O' Farrell street, 137:6
E of Buchanan, E 30 by N 137:6; $10.
' De Witt B . Florence B. and John K. Wil
liams to Isabelle F. Williams, lot on N line of
Geary street, 1«5 W of Buchanan, W 27:6 by
N 137 :«, quitclaim deed; $5.
William and Nellie J. Price to Charles and
Bof/ie Gay, lot on N line of Eighteenth street,
125'E of Mission. E 24 by N 02; $10.
James B. Dougherty (administrator estate of
Ida B. Dougherty) to Adolph Ramsellus, lot on
N line of Seventeenth street, 27:3 E of Sanchez.
E 27 by N 110: $2850.
James B. and James William Dougherty to
same, same; $10.
Emily F. Pope to Pope Estate Company (a
corporation), lot on N line of Seventeenth
street. 205:111.; E of Market. E 25. N 197:5^,
SW C5:l)>4. S 74 :S. E 25. S 80; $10.
Paul and (Carolina Mager to Arendt H.
Rohde. lot on E.line of Alabama street, 150 S
of Twenty-first, S 35 by E 100: 510.
J. E. and Catherine G. Lowney to Conrad
and Dorathea Motzer. lot on N line of Twenty-
Hrnt street, 50 E of Bryant. E 25 by N CS; $10.
Charles and Delia Hayes to Anthony and
Sarah Farrell. lot on S line of Twenty-second
street. 75 E of York. E 25 by S 100; $10.
Charles O, and JIary G. Bennett to Jamrs
and Julia Jervis. lot on E line of Bryant street,
140 S of Twenty-fifth. S 27:rt by E 100; $10.
Emily F. Pope to Pope Estate Company (a
corporation), lot on S line of Sacramento street,
137:0 E of Drumm, E 211:9. S 11(>:S. SW
12»;:10V 4 , N 00:5S. W?108:S%, N 01:8; $10.
Same to same, lot on W line of Front street,
Ol'.S S cf JaekFrn. S 45:10 by W 137:<>; $10.
Adcllna Malatesta (Scuddrr) to Edward M.
Thompson, lot on E line of Dupont street. 34:3
N of Francisco. N 57:3. E 01 :S. S 23, W C«:4H.
S to point 34:3 N of Francisco street, W
25:014; $10.
Henrietta Hlgby (Clancy). Julia Smith
(Clancy) and Jersie Toomey (Clancy) to J. W,
Collins, lot on \V line of I^cnvenworth street,
112 N of Jackson. N 32:0 by W 1<;2:G; $10.
Emily F. Pope to Popp Estate Company (a
corporation), lot on NE line of Steuart street,
1S3:4 N\V of Howard. NE 137:0 by NW 45:10;
$10.
REAL, ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Arthur Inkersley, secretary of the Cali
fornia Cricket Association, has returned
from a week's visit to T. W. Beakbane,
captain and secretary of the Burns Val
ley Cricket Club, Lake County. Though
the Burns Valley Club can make up an
eleven, there Is no team against which Its
representatives can play. H. V. Keeling
of Lakeport is too busily occupied to de
vote the necessary time to keeping up the
Lakeport Cricket Club, and the city clubs
found themselves unable to make up a
team to visit Lake County this year.
Lake County Cricketers.
Commissioners— Rowing. Ed J. Lynch A R.
C. ; swimming'. Thomas Harris. L. S C • b6x
innr. J. C. Griffin.. O. C. : football, E. W. De
coto. U. C. : outdoor and* Indoor. D. E. Brown.
O. C. Committees: Finance — T. I. Fttz
patrick, S. E. R. C: M. Wlnterbottom L A.
C. ; Edward Harrington S. F A. C. Member
ship—P. J. Cadogan. R. A. C: D. E. Brown
O. C; E; J. Lynch. A. R. C. Legislation-^
E. J. Lynch. A. R. C; P. R. Rausch A. A.
L. ; Herbert Hauser. S. A. A. Records E W
Decoto. U. C. : J. C. McCoughren. S. TJ."- P*
R. Rausch. A. A. L. Commls^rer for Ne
vada — C. C. Smith. Commissioner for North
west — George McMullin.
President \V. B. Hinchman of the Pa
cific Athletic Association of the Amateur
Athletic Union has announced the ap
pointment of the following commissioners
and committees:
Athletic Officials Appointed.
The men of the stationery department of
the San Francisco News Company will
contest with the men of the periodical de
partment of the same company in a base
ball game to-morrow morning at Golden
Gate Park. The lineup follows:
Periodicals. Positions. Stationeries.
Hughes Pitcher McGee
Melvln Catcher Lyndratt
Shaunessy First base Broudes
Chope Second base Walsh
Jansen Third base Farrell
Dixon Shortstop Samish
Murphy Left field Parent
Nightengale Right field Hubbard
Cross Center field Perry
News Company Men to Play Ball.
Toy Lowe Flays Guard for Poly
technic School in Masterly Way.
Toy Lowe, a full-blooded Chinese,
proved to the satisfaction of 500 specta
tors at the Presidio athletic grounds yes
terday that he could play the American
game of football after the style of Garry
Cochran. As a pigskin kicker he is a
wonder. He played left guard on the
Polytechnic Hieh School team and but
for his heady playing his team would
have srone down to defeat at 'the hands
of fte Lick School boys. The contest
between the two school elevens ended in
a tie. Both teams scored, and when
"Pete" Smith called time to end the
game the score was 6 to 6. The teams
are composed of willing players, but have
not yet reached their stride. The line-up:
Lick. Position. Polytechnic.
O'Connor l. e. R McKenzle
Main l. T. R Scarlln
Mullen l,. G R Weiss
Hotchkisa and
TrenRrove Center Lauhere
Egenhoff.
Glllingham
and White R. G. L Toy Lowe
Bertz R. T. L Riordan
Smith R. E. L Ashley
C. Golcher Quarter Saunders and
Smith.
Golcher R. H. L Goerl
Merritt and
Marquette L H. R Martin
Golcher Full BonnMeld
Officials: Referee — Robert Varney. Umplrs
— George Mueller. Timekeeper— Pete Smith.
Twenty-five minute halves.
CHINESE FOOTBALL STAB.
Richard S. Howse, Formerly of Ed
ward's Stables, Victim of Effort
to Beduce Weight.
DENVER, Colo.. Sept. 23.— Richard S.
Howse, formerly trainer of thoroughbreds
In King Edward's stables, was burled in
this city to-day. He died at the age of 32
years of consumption, contracted In his
efforts to reduce his weight to meet the
requirements of his profession. The
famous horses Ormonde and Isomony
were trained by Howse.
FAMOUS ENGLISH . TBAINER
OF THOROUGHBBEDS DIES
Boston ' and Detroit Play an Even-,
'Score- Game of Eleven
Innings.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
NEW YORK, ; Sept. 25.— New York supported
their pitcher in better stylo and this accounts
for the victory over St.' Louis to-day. Wal
lace's errors at short were mainly responsible
for New York's victory. Attendance. 2000.
Score : ' -. '¦¦ ¦.
* R. H. E.
New York-,,. 8 7 2
St. Louis 2 9^ 6
Batteries— Deerlng and Beville; Morgan and
Kahoe. .-»-..._
• BOSTON, Sept. 25. — An even-score game,
called on- account of darkness aftfer eleven in
-nings had- been played, left tnejDetrott-Boston
series ten to nine in favor of the champions.
Attendance, 1000.' Score:
• : R. H. E.
Boston V .. 6 8 3
Detroit ; 6 13 2
Batteries — Hughes * and J. Stahl ; Donovan
and Buelow. . , ---. ,
WASHINGTON, Sept. 25.— Cleveland hit and
ran bases about as they pleased to-day and
Washington never had a chance. Attendance,
1000. Score :
R. H. E.
Washington „..- 6 8 3
Cleveland . . ; 10 19 6
Batteries— Dunkle, Patten and Klttredge;
Glendon and Bern's. •'
PHILADELPHIA, Sept. 25.— Philadelphia
won to-day's game - by opportune hitting,
coupled with some bad throwing by the vis
itors. Attendance. 2300. Score:
R. JL E.
Chicago 8 11 4
Philadelphia 10 9 2
Batteries — Allcock and Sullivan: Bender and |
Powers.
WALLACE'S EfeROBS GIVE
VICTORY TO NEW Y0BK
THE SAK FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 26, 1903.
13
I BAHWAY "TRAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Tnilni Its*' sn<l are das to srrif • «
SAN FKANCISCO.
I (Main Lin*. Foot of Market Street )
t- t ti — rum S«-t«mb«» ». 1!KB. — inm
7.00a Benlcla, Sulsan, Klmlra and Sacra-
mento 7-25->
7.00a VscaTllle. Winter-, Rairitey 7.25*
7J0a Martinez, 8»n Ramon, Vallejo.
Napa. Call-toea, SanU Ro»« S-25-
7.30a Nile*. Ltvermore, Latarop. Stock-
ton 73S*
8- 00* D«Tts. Woodland. Knlehtt Landing.
Slaryavine. Orovlllc, (connect*
:,', atMary-Ttlle for Grtdley.BlW
tndChlco) .Z-53*
8 00a Atlantic KjpreM— Ot3en«ndEa«. 10.25*
8.00a Port Coats, Martinez, Anttoch. By-
ron,Tracy.Scockton.Sacrmmento,
V Los Basoa. Mendota. Uanford.
YIs-.Ha. Fortervllle 4.2S*
8.0<U Fort Costa, Martinez. Tracy. Lata-
rop, Modesto. Merced. Fresno,
Oochen J auction, lUnford, VI-
•-.11*. Bakersdeld 825f
8.30a Shasta Express— Darts, Williams
• (for Bartlett Springs). 'Willow-,
¦t F r u to, Ked Bl u JT. Portland 7- 55f
6.30a Nile*. Saa Joae. Llvermora, Stock-
ton.Ione. Sacramento, Placer-Tills,
Mary-Till*. Chtco, Red Blaff 4 25?
8.30a Otkdale. Chinese, Jame-towo. So-
nora. Taolonne sad Angels 4 25f
8.00* Martlne- and Wsj Stations 8 Sop
10.00a Valirjo.. 12.25*
10.00a El Paao Pas-enirer. Eaatbonnd.—
Port Cost*. Martinez. Byron.
• Trwcy. Latbrop, Stockton.
< Mcreed. Raymond. Fresno, llan-
fcrd. Vlsalla. Bakertfleld. Los
Aucelet snd El Paso. (West-
bound arrives via Coast Lino)... «T32p
10.00a The Overland Limited — Ogden.
Denver. Omaha, Chicago^ 8 25r
1 12.00v Hayward. Nile* and Way Station*. 325-
H.OOr Sacramento RtTer Steamers. til.OOr
; 3~30r Benlcla. Winter-. Sacramento.
Woodland, William*. Colntft.Wii-
lows. Krtlzht- Landing. Marys-
Tllle. OroTltle snd way stations.. 10 55*
530- Hayward. Nile- aari Way Stations.. J Sir
400r Marttnez.San Ramon. Vallejo.^'apa. •
Callatoen. San tn Rosa 9 25a
4-OOf Martinez, Tracy.Lathrop.Stockton. 10-25*
4. 00p Ullca. LlTennore. Stockton, Lodl.. 425r
4-30r Hayward. Nlles, Irvlagton. San I t8.55A
Joie. LlTermore I t1 1.55a
6 CQr The Owl Limited— Fre*ao.Talare,
Bakertfleld, Los Angeles 4 55a
5-COr Port, Cotta, Tracy. Stockton, Lo«
Banoa 12.25-
16 $0r Harward. Nile* and San Jo*« ..... 7-25 A
8.00- Hayward. NIlea and San Joaa. 10 25*
8410' Oriental Mall — Ufiden. Denver,
Omaha. St. Lou!'. Chicago sad
E»*L Port Cotta. Bcntcia, Sui-
•oa, Elmtra, Davis. Sacramento^
Rocklln. AubiA'o. Colfax.
Truckee. Boca. Kano. Wadt»
wortti. Wtnnemaeca. Battle
Mountain. Elko 4.23*>
». . Reno. Truckee. Sacramonto, Davis,
Sulsun, Benlcla, Port Cotta...... 7-59 a
8.00- Vallejo, dally, except Sunday.... I 7 it,
700p Vallejo, Sunday only f '"
7-COr Saa Pablo. Port Costa, Martlaei
and Way Statlont 11.28a
8 CBr Oregon & California Kxpresa— Sae-
ramento. M»ry-»1U-. Redding.
Portland. Pnget Bourd and Raat. 855*
8.1 Or Haywaxd, Nile* and San Jote (Sua-
dayonly) 11-58*
11.25r Port Costa. Tracy, Lathrop, Mo-
desto, Merced, Raymond (to To-
Semite). Fresno, li-nfurd, VI*
talla. Baker-firm 12-23T
COAST LINE <»arro-» Uaaga).
(Foot of Market Street.)
745a Sanu Cra* Excursion (Sunday
omy) 8.107
1.1 5a Newark. CenterTille. San Jota,
Felton. Boulaer Creek, SanU
Cruz and Way Station* 8 25*
tt.15*> Newark. CenterTille. Saa Josa.
New Almaden. Lo* Gatos.Felton,
Boulder Creek. Santa Cruz and ¦
Principal Way Station* 1055a
4.15* Newark. San Jote. Lot Gatot and
way stations (on Saturday and
Sunday rant through to Santa
Crns; Monday only from Santa
Crux). Connects at Pclton to
and from Boulder Creek t3 65 A
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN KUAN CISCO, Foot 01 Market St. (Slip *>
~f7:15 -:oo H:0o a.M. 100 300 5-15r.il.
From OAKLAND, Foot of Broadway — t«:W »:U>
n-.<a 10:00a.m. 1200 2 0Q 4 00r.M.
COAST LINE (Broad Uaa-;e>.
*3*~(l&lrd and Townsend Street*.) \
8.10a Ban Jose and Way Station* • 33r
t/.OOA San Joee and Way Statlont 5 38.-
7.15a Monterey and Santa Cnu Excur-
•lon (Sunday only) 8-30r
• 00a New Almaden (Tn-*.. Frtd.. only), 4-10/
8 00a Coaat Line Limited— Stops only Saa
Joae. Gilroy (connection for Hot-
litter). Pajaro. CaatroTllle. Sa-
Itnaa. San JLrdo. Paso Kohles.
BantaMargarita,San Lola Obltpo,
Guadalnpe, Surf (connection for
Lompoc). Sanu Barbara. Sangria
snd Los Angeles. Connection at
CaatroTiIIe to and from Monterey
and PaclSc OroTe 10.48*
8.00a San Joie. Tre* Plnos, Capltola,
SantaCras.PacIOcGroTe.Sallnaa.
San Lala Obltpo and Principal
Interm-dtate Stations 4.1 Or
•0.30a San Juce and Way Station- 1.20*
1100a Cemetery Passenger— South Saa
Frandaco, San Bruno 1.C5"
1140a Santa Clara, San Joie. Los Qatos
and Way Station* 7.30r
¦UOr San Jote and Wajr Station* ... .... x7.00->
2. OOr £an Joie and Way Stations 19.40a
2.30p Cemetery Passenger — Sontn San
Frsncltco, San Bruno 4.35'
tSOOr Dei Monte Expre-t— Sanu Clara.
San Jote. Del Monte. Monterey,
Pactac Orove (connect* at Santa
Clara for Santa Croz, Bonlder
Creek and Narrow Gauge Polntt) t12.1a>
i-ZOr PaclSc Grove and Way Stations—
Hurltagame.San Mateo.Red wood,
Menlo Park. Palo Alto, Msyfleld.
Mountain View. Lawrence. Sanu
Clara. San Joae, <GI'»roy. Hollls-
t-r. Tre* Plnot). Pajaro, Wataoa* «.
Ttlle. Capltola, Santa Crux, Caa>
troTllIe. 8allnat 10 45a
4 2 Or San Joie and Way Station* 8-3 S a
b.COr San Jote. (t1» Santa Clara) Loi
tiatos, Wright and Principal Way
Stations (except Sonday) 900a
ISJOp San Joie and Principal Way Statlont fS-OOA
tfi.1e> SanMateo,B-r«sford,Belmont.8an
Carlo*. Rrdwood, Fair Oaka,
Menlo Park. Palo Alto t9 45*
§.30r San Jote and Way Sutlona. 8 33*
7 CQr Sunset Limited. Eattbound.— Saa
Lult Obltpo, Santa Barbara, Lot
Angelet. Uemlng. El Pato. New
Orleans. New Turk. (Westbound
¦ rrlves Tia S*n JoaqulnValleyj... wg 25 a
8.00 r Palo Alto and Way Sutions ,. 101 5*
11.30? South Ban Francisco. Mlllbne.
Burllngame, Saa Mateq, Bel-
moot, San Carlos, Redwood, .....
Fair Oaks. Menlo Park. Palo ¦ IS'lfr
Alto. May field. Mountain View. ?»•-»»
SunnyTaie. Lawrence. Sanu
Clara and Ban Jono
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
X Saturday and Sunday only. t Sunday only.
I Stops at all tutlont oa Sunday,
t Sunday exempted. a Saturday only.
* \la Coast Llua. «r Via Ban Joaqula Valley.
>Reno train eastbound discontinued.
IVOnly trains stopping at Valencia St. southbound
treb:10A.M..n:0Oji.M..n:uOA.jf..2:aiP.». and 1:90 -.»,
¦TO SA'I RAFAEL
SAri QUENTIN,
MILLVALLEY,
CAZADERO,ETC.
Tia Sausalito Perry
WEEK DATS — (Holidays excepted) — 8:43,
t»7:43 8:45. »:43, 11 a. m.. 12:20. -1:43. 3:13,
4:13, 't5:13. *6:13. «:43. ». 11:43 p. m.
7:43 a, m. tra'n week days doe* not run ta
"sl'NDAYS AND LEGAL, HOLJDATa— T.
t8 t*9 rift U. tH:'«> ». "».. t!2^<>. fl-30.
£•33 »3:5O. 5. «, «:30. ». *•:« P- m -
Trains marked (*) run to San Quentln.
Thos« marked (t) to Fairfax, txcept 3:13 p. m.
Saturdays. On Saturdays the 3:15 p. m. train
runs to Fairfax.
FROM SAN IlAFAEL, TO SAX FRANCISCO
—Week days— 8:23. *»:23, 7:40, 8:13, $9:33,
11:05 a. m.. 12:30. 2:20. *3:«. 4:50. 3:30. 8:43.
10 8UNDATS— «:13, 7:35. JS:10. SMO $10:33.
111:45 a- m.. 12:iO. 2:30, ;3:25. 4:40. *3:50.
6B3 7:33 10:20 p. m.
Trains marked <X> start from San Qaentin.
FROM MILX. VALLET TO SAN FRAN-
CISCO— Week days— 6:45. 6:40. 7:43. 8:23.
9:45. 11:10 a. m., 12:40. 2:43. 4:13. 3:10. 7:05.
10 - 4O p m.
SUNDAYS— 6:33. 7:53. 10, 11:10 a. m.. 13:03.
1OS 2:40 3:45. 4:55. «:0ft. 7:10. 10:40 p. m.
' ' THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a. m., -veek days — Cazadera and way
stations.
5:15 p. tn., week days (Saturdays ixcepted)—
Tomales and way stations.
3:15 p. m.. Saturdays — Caxadero and waj
stations.
Sundays and Lera! Holidays — S a. m.. Caxa-
dero and way stations.
Sundays and Legal Holidays — 10 a. m.. Point
Reyes and way stations.
TICKET OFFICE— fi26 Market st.
FERRY— Foot of Market st.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Letve fa» Saasalit* f«rr- Arrhrtj
S— Fran. h* tf Mart* ft, Saa Fran.
Week I Sar»T" Suft " | W *S"
»i45a 8sOOa ft*-OOK^ 13:UOn tf:lii
l:4Sp 9: OO a \S3KSKSg9 H:5O-3:3O»
ftjlftr 1O.OO* Vf««^»!gy 3:3Op S-.iOr
, ... J «;*3a»j 8:00- ZZir
fctt-^ay* tarj. Itat* 1Wwra T 9i3Or,tntniJ. iltSOf
TICUT t «» BCaJW-rr St. (North 3hor» aUilfotwi)
amCB I and Sausaltto Fsskay Poo* Marks* St.
WEE^fCALL
16 Pa^es. SI pep Year
REAL ESTATE CITY FOR. SALE.
THOMAS MAGEE & EONS.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS
No. S MONTGOMERY STREET.
SOUTH OF MARKET~STREET INVEST-
MENTS.
5155,000— Market street; fine large brick build-
ins; -leased to one tenant.
$150,000— Mission street corner: not far from
the water front; 137:6x137:6.
f 145,000— Excellent site for fine, large building:
not far from Market street: very large
frontage on two main streets.
$110,000 — Howard street, rents for $400: very
large frontage with extra, depth.
$72.000 — Mis-ion street corner; nearly 60 feet ,
frontage, with extra depth: fronting also
on rear street.
$00,000 — Mission street corner: nearly 250 feet
frontage on two streets. This Is an
exceptionally fine prospective piece of
property.
$60,000— Market street corner, with thr«»
frontages; fine prospective locality.
$51.000 — Fourth street, not far from Market;
a splendid buy.
$50,000— Fifth street, near Mission: large
frontage.
$15,000— Fine warehouse, near Brannan street;
leased to one steady tenant for $-50.
$12.500— Mission street: nearly 35 feet front-
age, with depth to rear street.
$19,000— Mission street, not far from Sixth;
old improvements; new Improvements
will pay handsomely.
THOMAS MAGEE & SONS.
0 MONTGOMKRY STREET.
MAGNIFICENT CORNER ON BROADWAY.
$21,000.
6Oxl37:6.
A north corner on Broadway, with the street
work and eidewalk on both streets all done;
maffniacfnt view of bay. Marin County hllla
and Golden Gate: first-class surroundings.
THIS LOT MUST BE POLD. MAKE AN OF-
FER.
THOMAS MAGEE & SONS.
5 MONTGOMERY ST.
CHEAP LOT IN THE MISSION.
TWENTY-THIRD ST.
$700.
25 feet front by 114 feet deep: Just reduced
from $850; owner is anxioue to make Immedi-
ate Fale.
THOMAS MAGEE A: SONS.
5 MONTGOMERY ST.
CHEAPEST and best In America— Th« Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In th«
; United States or Canada one year for 11,
I ro*ta«r«» raid.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
JX'ST WHAT YOU ARE LOOKING FOR.
A TRETTY HOME IN ALAMEDA-
Furrounded by flowers and fruit trees: near
train and schools; only J2S50; lot 75x125.
Nice 5-room cottage and bath.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY,
Tel. Grand 141G. 1500 Park ft.. Alamed-.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 2ROADWAT.
OAjvLj^XD^FCHAITUREJ FOR SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In furni-
ture. H. Schellhaas. 11th st..cor.rtore.Oaklnd.
Mill Valley Advertisements.
MILL VALLEV HOUSES TO LET.
TO rent — For a term, very reasonable. "Cy-
press Lodge"; charming cottage, furnished,
<J room?, bath, concnte cellar, rose garden,
electric lights; eheltered side of valley; Ideal
winter climate: splendid electric train ser-
vice; C minutes from ftation. C. TOOHEY,
Mill Valley, or box 4.^57. Call ofnee.
j JROOMS FOIl aODSSKBEPUtO. •
ANTLERS. 415 Turk st.— Strictly moieruTTi
room apartments; fur, or unfur. for hskpg.
CHURCH. 2C»— 2 furnished housekeeping
rooms; running water; baths and every con-
venience; Market and FUlmore et. cars.
FOURTH, 225 — A nice room for housekeeping;
aUo single rooms.
| HERBERT (The) — Sunny apartments for
housekeeping; gas ranges; Just newly fur-
nlfhed. 1530 Polk st.
j KEARNY, 104 — Sunny front suite, $11; un-
furnished: no children.
LARKIN. 4.1.1— Nicely furnished rooms for
housekeeping.
MINNA. 2M. corn«r Fourth — Furnished sunny
housekeeping rooms; also front and single.
NINTH, 155—2 or 3 large furnished house-
kpg. rms.; gas range; bath; private family.
BT. JAMES, McAllister and Laruna— Fur-
nished sunny suite, with separate sunny
kitchen; gas range; all complete tor house-
keeping; $15 up.
STOCKTON, 120C, Model House— Front rooms,
newly furni-hed. $5; phone, gas, bath, sunny.
I THE Gllleeple. 119 Ninth «t.— Nicely furnished
rooms. $1 50 to $3 per week; phono; quiet.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
received at Call branch office. 2200 FUlmore.
A BRANCH ofllce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
y.^- > -'V. s . -'4'" .v_ l^'y~*?. a _ ri '' nn<i ti " t| '"'-
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth— Rooms
25c to $1 per night. $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte," 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth st.)— Rooms, 25c. 5Oc, $1, $1 60 night;
$1 00 to $10 week: house open ill night.
BURNETT. 1420 Market— (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rooms, suite, single; also unfurnished.
CLAYTON, r.39— Sunny suite of rooms with or
without use of kitchen.
! CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
! GOLDEN GATE. 414— Newly furnished sunny
suite; also single room*; $2 to $5 week.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 50c
to $1 50 night; $2 to $3 week: reading-room.
HAYES. 4C0 — Nice front room, furnished.
HOTEL GRAYSTONE
C3 Geary st. : phene Bush S80.
Centrally located fireproof hotel; elegantly
furnished suites, with baths and singles.
! JACKSON, 2;;iX bet. FUlmore and Webster—
Large *unny bay-window front room; fur-
nish' d: suitable for two; bath; reasonable.
JESSIE, 3d, E. of U. S. Mint— Furnished
front room*; $5 per month.
MCALLISTER. 1051. near G. G. Park— Furn.
rms., sunny; bath; board optional; magnif'ct.
NEWLY furnished sunny front bay-window
room In private family. $8; north of Mar-
ket St.; references. Box' tiGG. Call office.
OFARRHLL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day. week, mo.
PERRY. 22H. near Third— Sunny front single
room; private family; no sign.
ROYAL House. 120 Ellis— Incandescent lights,
reading-room, smoklns-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms i>er night. 35c to $1 50; week, $2
to $S; month, $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
BT. JAMES, McAllister and Laguna— Front
sunny rooms; all new; very cheap; telephone
Page S751.
THE FALMOUTH. 1049a Market St.; furnished
rooms; hot and cold water; elevator; central.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy st.. near Market—
4>jO single and family rooms: 35c to $1 night;
$1 75 to $6 week; elevator; electric lights;
reading-room; free bus and baggage.
WEBSTER, 6G— Elegantly furnished front par-
lor suite of rooms; all conveniences; private
family; for 2 gentlemen or man and wife.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St.. near Market—
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
35c to $1 50 night: $2 to $S week: elevator;
elec. lights: reading-room; free bus; baggage.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch of flee, 2200 FUlmore st.
A BRANCH office, for Call advertisements and
subscriptions, has been established at 1090
Valencia t*.
ROOMS AMD BOARD.
STEVENSON M^Mio^T^oT^Callfornla St.— At-
tractive and sightly rooms; best table and
• service; lowest rates.
VAN NESS ave.. 1714 — Private boarding-house.
home like, everything first class; sunny
suites; single rooms; choice locality; ref.
PHYSICIANS AKD SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence.
IO2114 Market st.. bet. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073 Market et,
REMOVED — DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor;
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason; now lo-
cated at 067 Geary st.. near Leaven worth.
DR- TONG PO CHY. successor to Dr. Li Po
Tal. herb doctor: cures all diseases of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington at.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor— All dls-
ea-ea cored by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay st.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
T^5.. a £ nual meeting of th« lot owners of the
Odd Fellows 1 Cemetery will be held on Mon-
day. September 2S, 1903, at 2 p. m., at the
ornce of the association. Point Loboa ave.,
for the election of four trustees, etc. By
order of the board of trustees.
_„„„„ WILLIAM E. LUTZ, President.
GEORGE PENLINGTON. Secretary.
TfO > TI 9 E !b hereb y given that the Transfer
..^ . or the transfer of stock of The Bank
?' California will be closed September 15,
«Kw. at S o'clock p. m.. and will reopen on
Friday. October 2. 1903. By order of the
Board ot Directors
ALLEN M. CLAY. Secretary.
September 3. 1903.
DR - -*-, E. NEUMEISTER, 8urgeon— 3peclal
attention given to medical and surgical dis-
eases of women, diseases of the liver, stom-
ach and bowels. 513-14 Starr King bldg.,
121 G<ary st.; tel. Private Exchange 216.
PENSION attorney: M. HARRIS. 40 Ellis St..
San Francisco: 14 years' experience.
A WEEK' 8 news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call
m pages. In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
ISPECIALISTS. ~~ ~
CATARRH, DEAFNESS mTnOISES in EARS
positively cured: new method; 1 week's treat-
raent. free. Dr. Cottlngham. 204 Sutter st.
KEEWIKG MACU1XES AND SUPPLIES
*> EW HOMjmj sewing macnine, this week only,
?I?. $15. 52O: slightly used; needles 20c doz.
NEW HOME S M. CO.. 1051 Market at.
STOUAGK A\t) WAREHOUSES.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard St.. near Third; phone Grant 161.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co of-
flce Post and Powell sts. ; tel. Prlv. Ex. '071.
CONKLIN'S storage— Furniture and merchan-
dlge. 333 Golden Gate ave.; phone East 126.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made* 840
Mlsalon st. ; tel. Howard 941. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fllimore at.; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
st.: tel. Main 1S40. Shipping at cut rateB,
STUTTEIUXG AND STAMMEIUKO.
MELBOURNE School. Van Ness-Market — Cure
in every case; individual teaching; no'medl-
cine. Inquire into wonderful cures; home cure.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
G^lEAl^BARGAINSnfir T YPEWRITE RS— W«i
sell better machines for less money than any
house In the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 036 California; telephone Main 26«$.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each; get par-
ticulars. U & It. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
gomery 6t.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired
Webster Typewriter Inspec. Co.. BOS Market.
D1VIDKXI) NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice.— Mercantile Trust Company
of San Francisco — Dividend No. 2 of three
dollars per share will be payable at the of-
fice of the corporation, 230 Bush st. San
Francisco. October 1. 1903; transfer 'books
will close September 23, 1903.
JOHN P. McKEE. Secretary.
• PROtO!>ALb.
PROPOSALS for clothing and equipage. Depot
quartermaster's office. 36 New Montgomery
et.. San Francisco, California, September 7
1903.— Sealed proposals In triplicate will be
received at this office until 10 a. m Mon-
day, September 28. 1903. Pacific Standard
time, and then opened for furnishing a:
either the Philadelphia. Boston. Chicago or
£an Francisco depots, of 100,000 pairs woolen
stockings, seamless, heavy quality, conform-
ing in all respects to standards and specifica-
tions to li- seen at this office. Bidders sub-
mitting reposals fcr stockings differing In
make from the established standard sample
must submit with their bids a sample stocking
Euch as they propose to furnish. Quantities
to be subject to an Increase of 20 per cen*
if desired by the department. Bids for the
same articles will be opened same time at
the other depots above mentioned.
To avoid misunderstanding as to the exact '
nature of the articles to be furnished bidder-
will carefully examine the standard samples
and specifications, so that proposals mav r>« '
submitted by them with a full knowledge cf
what will be required, as an absolute com-
pliance with the standards and speculations
will be Insisted upon in the Inspection of thf
eoods. ' Unguaranteed bids, and bfds for de-
livery or inspection at other points than those '
named nbove will not be ccnslder-d Earlv
deliveries are essential. Bidders must state
in their proposals the rate and time of de i
livery, should contract be awarded to them I
Preference will be given to articles of. do- i
mestic production and manufacture conrii '
tlons of price and quality being equal (in
eluding in the price of foreign production
and manufacture the duty thereon) and surh
preference will be given to articles of Ameri
can production and manufacture produced
on the Pacific Coast to the extent of the can i
gumption required by the public service there
The United State- reserves the right to m
cept or reject any or all proposals or any
part thereof. Information and blanks for
proposals will be furnished on application
Envelopes containing proposals will be In'
dorsed "Proposal, No CK00." and addressed
to Major C. A. Devol. Quartermaster, Us
Army. Depot Quartermaster.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday: lu
Eustblo Glovannonl. 24. 11 Jasper place and
Lena E. Sartini. IS. 4 Telegraph place
Ehaivey. jfe " ° n<1 ! Susan
23 H cl7y v R>an ' "' Clt>> Snd Anna BUrkC>
Corwin I. Gregory. 28, 1232 Hamnshlre
street, and Julia L. Dalton, 1!), iar« iumn
shire street. ~*7?
John L. Hoover, 35. San Jose, and Alice J
Woodward, 21; 2.V.K) Mission street
% BIRTHS— MABMABES^^mT"
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
BURFEIND— In this city, September 10, 1903
to the wife of J. H. Burfelnd. a daughter. '
MAIL— In this city, September 22. 1D03 to
the wife of J. Frank Mail, a daughter. '
PILLSBURY — In this city, September 2t 1303
to the wife of A. F. Pitlsbury, a son.
mabried!
CRAMER— BELL — In this city, September 23
' 1U03, at Central M. E. Church, by the Rev'
J. Powell. John Walter Cramer and Emma
Bell, both of Berkeley.
°^S O< ?J :^r :DROA u T ~ In thls clt y- September
2.1. 1003, by the Rev. Francis M Larkin
William R. Osgood and Almee I. Droast
SANBORN— PENNINGTON— In this city. Sep-
tember 23. 19C3. by the Rev. Francis M
Larkin, Irving H. Sajiborn and .Bessie E*
Pennington.
WATSON— WILLIAMS— In this city, Septem-
ber 24, 1003, by the Rev. Frederick rA
Doanc, James Watson and Harriet Elizabeth
Williams, both of Ban Francisco.
WOHN— SCHMALTZ— In San Rafael Septem-
ber 5. 1U03, by the Rev. David James Wai-
ter H. Wohn and Rosalie P. Schmaltz.
DIED.
Bell, Raymond Parsons, William C
Davis, Lucy J. Phillips,. Edward F '
Dwyer, Mary E. PilUbury (Ujfant)
Hamilton, Judge N. Rayner. John H
Harrison. Margaret i Sands. Hannorah L.
Hilpert, John E. Shevlln, Thomas
Hodgkinscn, Jaa. J. Smldt, Mary E - " ">'
Krogh, Carolfhe F. Smith, Helen M.
Krohn, Fred H. Sullivan, Jerome J.
Less, Muriel Upton, Susie D
Marassl. Albina Winner, Mrs. Lillie '
Nichols. Charles
BELL — In this city, September 25, 1003, Ray-
mond,' beloved son of Isabelle Bell, and
brother of- Ivor Bell, a native of Pennsyl-
vania, aged 13 years 4 months and 11 days.
DAVIS — In this city. September 22, 190J,
Lucy Jane, beloved wife of George DavLa!
and mother of Ida M., Aaron W. and Georg-
ina Davis, Mrs. Emma L. Lease and lira.
F. C. Evans, a native of Warren, Me.,'' aged
Cl years 4 months and 6 days. (Rockland
and Thomaston, Me., papers please copy.) '
. EX Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral service-
Saturday, September 26, 1903, at 10 o'clock.
* at her late residence. 147 Fourteenth ave-
nue, near California street. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery.
DWYER— In i this city, September 25. 100J.
Mary E., beloved wife of the late Timothy
Dwyer, and mother of. Mrs. -William Mc-
Ph Illlps, Mrs. Laura Reardon and the late
Mrs. Margaret Goodhue, a native of KU-
K E A L ESTATE— CITY— FOR SALE.
13. H. UMBSEN & CO., 20 Montgomery ft.
-,v~^ REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
1100,000^ — Business property near California
•ad Buuome st*- 3-story "^»d base-
ment builfilne; rents Jl»ooO per annum;
40:6xS7:<J
f 42.500— Business comer on Larkin et.; rents
f -V.n por anium; 50x75; good improve-
ments; if enlarged would pay a goad
¦ .*»*• of interest.
«-..<. 500 — To close an estate; Pine St., down-
town; 2 bou6<>« of 14-22 rooms and bath
«*ch; bay windows, brick foundation.
«tc. ; r^nts ?138; r.r.x 1 .V..
f-S.OCO — Choice holding to improve with a
-^.•nodern bui'ding; close in: 34:4^3:137:6.
5-tJ.OOO— Comer near Haifrht and Stelner stt. ;
5 new flats of 8-7-ti rooms; rents ?175;
„, and £8x90.
?_.j,OOG — Near City Hall. Franklin et. : 2
houses of C rooms racri; - flats of 3
rooms each; bay windows, brick foun-
dation; rents J18S; lot H>3 ft. front-
?:..o"'» — Facramcnto et.: 3 houses of 9 room*
»-nd bath each; bay windows, brick
foundation, etc.; rent- fl-'O; 55x118.
$16.500 — Cheap; OFarrell et.. north line: 3
hourc* of '.« rooms and bath eaxh: bay ,
windows, brick foundation; rents $1(KI;
«at»r extra; Mxl37:«, with an L.
¦J'.l.Vv. — Fine flats on the Runny side of the.
etreft; in the Western Addition, con-
taining 7-6-6 rooms and bath ea;h;
rent $105 per month: let 27:0x137:0.
$10,500— Dolores ft., txft block on the Van
N«es ave. of the Mlf-slon: house of 11
roome. bath, attic. Tvineroom. etc.; bay
¦windows, brick foundation, etc.; 30:Gx
137:6; two frontage*.
59,500— Haipht Ft., r.orth line; 3 flats of 6-5-5
rooms axd bath each; rents ?C5 60; 25x
1ST -6.
$9.000 — Near Haight and Webster rt«.; 8
Cat* of 6-G-7 roome and bath, bay win-
dows, brick foundation, «tc. ; rent*
$77 6O; 25xlOO.
<S.5OO^ — Pine st.; residence of 11 rooms and
bath; rents $.'«• per month; 27:6x120.
$b,000 — Hy or-Vr of bank; house of 13 rooms
and bath; bay windows, brick founda-
tion. «-tc. : rents fW; 114x125; Mission
narrn belt.
$7.000 — Oak Ft. and Lily ave.: 2 flats on Oak
tt. of 5-4 rooms and bath each, and
Couble cottape on LUy aw. of 3 rooms
each; rents ?C2 50; bay wlniSoMs. brick
foundation, etc.; rents $C2 50; 25x120;
two frontages.
•7.000— La4runa rt.; 2 flats of 7-6 rooms and
la:... very modern; rents $SO; brick
. foundation; 25x100 ~~T^
$6,000— By order or bank; very easy terms;
corner on Valencia rt. and Tiffany
»^ «™ av £- ; . buslness Prop*-"**': 1«-Te lot.
f3,.00— Builders, attention; 5 lots 120x100-
corner on 24th ct.
$4,500— 20th rt. ; north line, near Mission rt. :
house of 8 rooms and bath; brick foun-
dation. *fcc. ; 25xO5.
f 3,500— Vailejo ut.; 2 flats. 5 rooms and bath
each; rents $34; brick foundations, etc.;
— ri eunny lot.
*3.230 — Chinatown; Paclfle St.; old building;
guaranteed lease $35 per month; tenant
P*.y» water.
$2,750 — Vallejo st., near Leaven-worth: 3
fiats, 4 rooms each; rents $30; brick
foundation, etc.
$2,250— Broadway, near Jcneg Ft.; 3 flats. 4-
4-3 rooms and bath each; rente $27 SO;
brick foundation.
$1,600— Hattie gt.. north of 18th; cottage of
4 rooms; bay windows: $25O cash, ba!-»
ance very easy t«rm»; 25x100.
~C r further particular* of the above, an 3 for
the Real Estate Record, containing a list cf
properties for sale in all parts of the city. In-
quire at our office
G. H. UMBSEN ic CO..
_ , _ 20 Montgomery st.
Real Estate Aeents and Auctioneers.
DESIRABLE sunny building lots, close to Du-
boce Park; bitumlnized streets; lots level and
r--ady to build en; a rare chance to obtain a
holding admirably situated ar.d close to the
'¦lrjr at a very rra-onabie price; dlaqram.
prlc* snd all further particulars at our office
G. H. I'MBSEN & CO.,
20 Montg-otnery st.
K*al Estate Agent- ar.d Auctioneers.
»-ROOM house; lot 25x12*5; Fhrader et.. near
Oak. O. H. UMBSEN' & CO.
w. j. com. ~^ *
630 CALIFORN-IA ST.
-,_,. „ « Savings Union building.)
fl.^.0 — Barjralr.e; cheap lots and ea-y way to
ppt one; only $100 first payment; fine
location, with grand niarlne view and on
sunny elde of street; ready for building;
care pass in front; on north elde Union
<ast of Baker; ,flzes 2.'»xl00; flats bring
big rents and e^a-ryUilng- U rented in this
locality; one flat In the block became va-
cant during this month; a number of
parties came forward; It U now leased
for a year to a merchant and busine*s
man; get a home or build a flat for big
Interest investment.
f2.->0o— The laj=t on- of those choice lots on
sunny eide Union, close to Scott; 20x110;
on the Flope of the hill; a fine buy to
bul!d a home on and rheap.
ItSOO only— A positive har-rain; a fine north-
west corner In the Western Addition, with
erand marine view, with 103 feet frontage
on the north or sunny Elde of the street:
¦-ars pass: a capitalist offered JM««> for
this lot 4 months ago; It Is a splendid
purchase to improve with flats; ready for
building; will bring big Income if im-
proved.
52500— A NE. corner, with a marine view-
25xI00T-
?240O— Webster-rt. lot. 27:6x107:0; a bargain-
fine location Tor flats or residence
$2C00 for both or $1300 for one— 2 choice lots.
west Fide glxth a\-e.. north of Lake; 23x
120 each; ready for building; street work !
all done; adjoining lot Just told for $1500;
. -these lots are elevated and eltely; it is
•the bitrirest bargain in this section; fine
residences going up; look at these lots; a
fine buy for a builder; can arrange for
ea^y payments; cars pass within a few
eteps.
$000— Liots thl- Fide of Eighth five., north of
the park, with 3 lines of cars passing and
within a few steps; only a few now left;
street work done; very cheap.
W. J. GUNN,
> 530 CALIFORNIA £T.
THE MCCARTHY COMPANY. 646 Market st.
$50,000— New Pacific ave. Investment: now
rented for $5000 a year.
$'J.OOU — I'ierce and Vallejo ets. corner- marine
view; street work all done.
$3,050* — Choice corner en Union et.. with two |
cottages; rented; suitable to improve.
$3.200 — Ocean Boulevard corner, 100x125; half
real value for quick $ale
$150— For a Kunnytlde level lot; owner must I
sell.
K3&BQ — Two flats, always rented, near Union.
$2.050 — Cottage home; Steiner it., near Fil-
bert; bargain.
$2.r.5O — Stelner et. cottage; a choice locality !
$2.500 — Lot. Union St., near Pierce; marine '
view.
. $2.000 — Lot. Scott St., near Union: ready for
building.
$1,200 — Greenwich Ft. building lots, through
to rear street.
$175 — Fppclal bargain for Lak?v!ew few-
days.
$1.3O0 — Corner lot on Webster et. : bargain
SC50— Frultvale: large corner lot; Install-
ment payments.
$1.200 — Webster et. lots, rear Greenwich; see
them.
THE MCCARTHY COMPANY. 640 Market st~
" $3750 — CALL to-day and see my two elegant |
new Fix-room houses; porcelain bath tiled
vry hlrh basement; cculd be convened into 1
four rooms; cement sidewalk; sewered; few !
. Hteps from oars; must be seen to be apprt- I
riated; 2T> and 27 Ilrazil ave.: take red Mis-
gion-rt. car. E. LEWIS. C30 Market st.
BARGAIN — Two handsome new residences of
fi rooms and bath; sunny, modern and up to
date In even- particular; No*. 9C6 and 9CS
Clayton st.. near Golden Gate Park- price
J.510O and *54O0. Apply R. D. CRANSTON
& EONS. 314 Mont«orm-ry yt.
COTTAGE with all modern improvements;
terms Fame e.t rent. Apply owner, lumber !
yard. BE. corner Alabaina and Montcalm Fts I
$11,000— INCOME property south of Market st. ;
pays 10% Per cent net after deducting all
expense*. THOUNE & CO., 312 Eush st.
-JI500— 2 NEW flats of 4 and 5 r. and b; Army
nrar Ml*sion: will pay 20 per cent nn inve«i-
ment. li. COFFIN & CO.. 3303 Mission.
BUILD on your unimproved realty; we loan
full coet lmprov. and part lot at C per cent.
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. CrockerTaulldlrig:
FOR ea!e — House 8 rms.; high basement; sunny
side 13th. bet. Valencia and Mission: no rea*.
effer refuied. 6t*phens A Co.. Unlon-sq. Mkt.
FINE lot on Eleventh ave.. south of the Park
Box 1CC8. Call office.
$J250 — «-KOOM cottage; lot 25x110. 323S HaT^
rison et., near Precita ave.; Inquire 3224.
TO LEASE — General farm. 100 acres, in Con-
tra Costa Co. Box 37. Lafayette, Cal.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call
1* r»g*-f. in wrapper, for mailing, tl per year.
liKAL KSTATE — Country — For Sale.
t ACHES lajid. adjoining Union Park. Colma ;
fenced \.i ¦ '.r.t-r around land; good bouse;
chicken-house*, water: reasonable; chickens,
ducks. Et F. THORNTON. 410 Examiner bid.
FRUIT ranch. £2 acrec; full bearing; im-
provement*; 14 prune*, hi apricots. %
peaches; tre*- 10 yrars old. For particu-
\*n. A. J. MpCOY. Campbell. Cal.
ALFALFA taada, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyard-: Inspected bargains; monthlr cata-
logues eent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 64S
Market rt.
FOR poultry and dairy ranches yielding a pood
I rnflt. HAMILTON' & KENDRICK. Petaluma.
nPSS VALLEY HEAL. ESTATE.
THE Mann place, R«s Valiejr^will be of-ared
for sale the next thirty daye; price $20,000.
Address box 16. Ross.
POINT -tICHMO>pnEAL, ESTATE.
WATER front lots and bargain-: all tracts;
n-.aps. pbotoa. etc BELL,, 417 Parrott bldfe.
larney. County. Kerry, Ireland. (Cambridge,
Mass., papers please copy.)
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from her' late resi-
dence, 210 Shipley street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church for services at .1:30 o'clock.
"Interment Holy Cross Cemetery." _.. .
HAMILTON— In this city. September 25, 1903.
Judge Noble Hamilton, beloved j husband of
Lydia D. Hamilton, and father : ot Wlllirfm
B., Mrs. E. H. and Miss Nettle Hamilton,
a native of Indiana, aged 81 years 1 7 months
and 11 days. ..."..• . .
GTFuneral services Sunday afternoon,
September 27. 1903, at 1:30 o'clock, at the
family residence, 1513 Washington street.
Interment Mountain View Cemetery, Oak-
land.' -—.--..,-.....
HARRISON— In the City and County Hospi-
tal, September 24, 1003, Margaret Harrison,
a native of West Virginia, aged' 72 years.'.
HILPERT — In this city, September 25, .1903.
John E., beloved husband- of Josephine Hll-
pert, loving father of Charles, Alice, John
and Edith Hllpert, and son of the late John
M. and Ann.'Hllpert, a native of New York,-
aged 4S years. (New York and | Hamburg
papers please copy.) ¦ - '~\ .
(E?"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of the United Undertakers.-. 8op Mis-Ion
street, between Fourth and Fifth, thence to
St. Patrick's Church for services at I'o'clack.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.'- *j gj
HODGKINSON— In this city. September 25,
1903, James J., beloved husband of Louise
- Hodgkin.-on, son of Thomas and Eliza H.iig-
kinson, father of Thomas E. > Hodgkin-
son, and brother of Albert and Walter
Hpdgkinson and Mrs. Morrison of Sacra-
mento, a native of New York, aged 29 years.
KROGH— In this city, September 23, 1003,
.Caroline F. Krogh. dearly beloved wife of
P. W. Krogh. and mother of Fannie J. and
Mary L. Krogh, a native of New York, aged
<C1 years.
(ETTrlends are respectfully Invited to. at-
tend the funeral to-day (Saturday), at 1:30
o'clock, frcm her late residence, 26WJ14 But-
ter ttreet. Interment Mount Olivet Ceme-
tery, by electric funeral car from Eighteenth
and Guerrero streets.
KROHN— In this city, September 25, 1003,
Fred H., dearly beloved husband of Anna
Krohn, and father of Henry, Friedrich and
Mildred Krohn, a native of Pommen, Ger-
many, aged 64 years and 7 days. A mem-
ber of Eureka Lodge No. 9, K. of P., and
Beer Drivers' Protective Union.
Cy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 12:15 o'clock, from, his late
residence, 515 Ash avenue, between Fulton
and McAllister. Octavla and L.iRuna streets,
thence to Knights of Pythias' Hall. 909 Mar-
ket street, where services will be held under
the ' auspices of Eureka Lodge No. 9. K. of
P., commencing at 1 o'clock. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery, by electric funeral
car from Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
LESS— In this city. September 25, 1903, Mii-
rlel, beloved daughter of Leopold and Rlsel
Les.s, a native of San Francisco, aged 3
years 10 months and 6 days.
in?"riie funeral services will take place to-
morrow (Sunday), at 0:45 o'clock, at the
Dorchester Hotel, corner Sutter and Gough
streets. Interment Hills of Eternity Ceme-
tery, by 11 o'clock train.
MARASSI— In this city. September 24, 1903,
Albina. dearly beloved daughter of the late
Francesco and Antoinette Marassl, and be-
loved niece of Mr. and Mrs. G. B. Capurro,
a native of San Francisco, aged 15 years 6
months and 9 days.
ETTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock, at the
residence of her uncle, 13-4 Oswego avenue,
off Onondaga utreet, between Mission road
and Delaware street. N. B. — At 10 o'clock,
same day, a requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul at Corpus
Christl Italian Church, Croke street. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
NICHOLS — In San Jose, Cal., September 24,
1903, Charles, beloved husband of Louisa
Nichols, and father of Jessie, George. Mar-
cia and Lulia Nichols, a native of Massa-
chusetts, aged 55 years 7 months and 5
days.
PARSONS— In this city. September 25. 190.1,
William Clair. beloved child of Edward K.
and Anna Parsons, and brother of LeMie
Parsons, a native of California, aged G |
months and l."> days. j
C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect- 1
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday, September 27, l!)03, at 10 o"clock, at
the mortuary chapel of the Golden Gate Un-
dertakillg Company. 2175 Mission street,
near Twenty-first. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery, by carriage. i
PHILLIPS — In this city, September 25, 190:{, !
at the residence of hl« mother, 13Wi Guer-
! rero street, Edward F., husband of Henrietta
! B. Phillir*.
PILLSUURY— In this city. September 24, 1903.
Infant son of A. F. ami Gracla Plllsbury,
a native of San Francisco.
RAYNER.— In this city. September 23. 190r».
John H. Itayner, belo\ed son of IJenJ. and
1 Alice Kayner. and brother of Thomas, Sid-
ney, Alice and Greta Uayner, a native of
Australia, ae^d 2-J years 9 months and 15
dayr. . .
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral sen-Ices
Saturday. Sept-mber 26, 1903, at 2 o'clock, ¦
at 24S Sherman avenue. Ocean View. Inter-
ment Mount Olivet CemetPry.
SANDS— In this city, September 25. 1903.
, Hannorah Loretta, youngest and beloved
daughter of Thomas and May Sands, and
sister of Kobert J. and the late Milton
Sand-, a native of San Francisco, aged 7
months and 17 days.
SHEVLIN— In tHls city. September 24, 1903.
Thomas Slievlln, beloved brother of Cath-
erine Shevlin and Mrs. Peter Rlddell, a na-
tive of County MonaRhan. Ireland, aged 45 i
years. A member of the RiRgers' and Steve- ;
dores" Union Association, Local 222 I. L M I
and T. A.
(E3"Frlends and acquaintances are respect- i
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
September 27, at 12 o'clock, from the pttriors
of the Henry J. Gallagher Undertaking Com-
pany, 20 Fifth street, thence to St. Rose's
Church for services. Interment Holy Cross
' Cemetery.
SMIDT— In Alameda. September 25, 1903, Mary
Evelyn Smldt. beloved daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. Fred Smldt, a native of California,
aged 1 year and 10 months.
IC?"Fricnds and acquaintances are respect-
- fully Invited to attend the funeral service*
Sunday, September 27, at 1:30 o'clock, at her
late home, 2321 Lincoln avenue. Interment j
St. Mary'* Cemetery. Oakland. ;
SMITH— In this city. September 24. 100.1, !
Helen Margaret, beloved wife of Dr. T. Mar- I
tin Smith, and loving daughtt r of Margaret 1
I. and the late Thomas M. McMahon, a na- I
tlve of San Francisco, aged 23 years and 9 I
month?.
CJ'The funeial will take place to-day
(Saturday), at t«:30 o'clock, from her lat-
residence. 602 Cole street, thence to St.
Agnes Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul
at 10 o'clock. Interment private. Holy Cross
Cemetery.
SULLIVAN— In this city, September 25, 190TJ,
at his residence, 2 Bowie avenue, Jerome J.,
dearly beloved son of Catherine and the late
Jer?mlah Sullivan, and beloved brother of
Mary, Denis, John. 'Alice and Frank Sulli-
van, a native of Virginia City, Nev., aged
24 years.
UPTON— In this city. September 23, 1003
Susie D., beloved wife of Thomas B Upton
mother of Kthel M. Upton, and daughter
of Mrs. Annie J. and the late John W, Up-
ton, a native of Grass Valley, Cal., aged 33
years (5 months and 25 daya."
. (CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Saturday,
September 2ii, at 2:30 o'clock, from the Park
Congregational Church, Hayes street be-
v^ tween Lyon street and Central avenue. In-
terment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
WINNER— In this city. September 25, 1003
Mrs. Lillie Winner, beloved wife of Henry
Winner, and daughter of William and An-
nlp Markley, a native of Ohio, aged 28 years
and 21 days.
j EAILWAY TRAVEL.
' W^T .^^ -»»----s--»--»^--s^a»---»- -»»--|^-----is-st- > -^^'^---^
I CALIFORNIA
I LIMITED TO CHICAGO
H Icstcs Mondays and Thursdays at t-.SO a.m.
H Through In S days with Diners and all trappiags.
jj Our other trains go at
H 7:30am 1 for Stockton, Fresno.
H 1:30am I Bakersfield. Merced.
H 8:00PM ) Hanford, Visalia,
. H 4:00PM for Stockton. U
¦ Ha S:0Opm for Kansas City and Chicago. Pj
N OfJlce, 641 Market St.. and tn Perry h
I B Depot; 1112 Broadway. Oakland. ¦
1 H Trains lean Market Strttt Firry. , S
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
1 LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO ANO NORTH PACIFIC
EAILWAY COMPANY.
' Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Markets St.
(SAW PBANC1SC0 T~O SAW BATAITL.
i WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 8:00 8:00 11:00 a. m.-
12:35. 2:30. 3:40. 5:10. 5:50 6:30 and 11-30
j P. m.
' Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:30 p. m
SUNDAYS— 7:30. 8:00, 0:30, 11:00 a, m.-"l-S0
1 2:30. 3:40, 5:10. 6:30. 11:30 p m
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FBANCISCO
; WEEK DAYS— 6:05. 6:50. 7:35. 7:50 9-20
11:15 a. m.; 12:50, "2:00. 3:40. 5:00 5-20*
6:25 p. m. '
I .Saturdays— Extra trip at 1:45 p. m
SUNDAYS— 6:50 7:35 9:20. 11:15 a m • 1-45
3:40. 4:50, 5:00. 5:20, 6:10. 6:25 pi m.'
«Except Saturdays.
Leave I In Effect j Arrive
San Francisco.] May 3. 1003. |San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I Destlna- I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. | tlon. ) daya. | Days.
7:30 a 7:45 a Y:45 a
7:30 a 8:00 a S:40a 8:40 a
.8:00^ 9:30 a Ignaclo. 10:2O a 10-20 a
2:30 p 2:30 p 6:00 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 5:10 p 6:20 p 7:25 p
7:25 p
7:30 a 7:30 a 7:45 a 7:45 a
8:00 a 8:00 a Novato. 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:30 p 0:30 a Petaluma. 6:20 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 2:30 p and 7:23 p .7:23 p
6:10 p Eanta Rosa..
7:30 a 7:30a 10:20alIO:20a
8:00a 8:00a Fulton. 7:25p 0:20p
2:30 p 2:30 p | 7:25 p
Windsor. .- -.
7:30 a 7:30 a Heatdsburg. 10:20 a 10:20 a
I Lytton. I
2:30 p 2:30 p Gey-ervllle. j 7:23 p 7:25 p
Cloverdale.
7:30 al 7:30 al Hopland 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| and Uklah. . | 7:25 p| 7:23 p
7:30 a| 7:30 a| Willlta. |7:23p|7:23p
8:00 al 8:00 al Camp Vacation. 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p] Guerneville. | 7:25 p| 6:20 p
8:00a|8:00a| Sonoma. |8:40a|8:40a
5:10 pf 5:10 pf Glen Ellen. | 6:00 p| 6:20 p
7:30 al 7:80 al 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:30p|2:30p| Sebastopol. |7:25p|e:2Op
STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
Quentln; at Santa Rosa for White ftulphur
Springs ; at Fulton for Altrurla and Mar.-. West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
eerville for Skap(?s Sprln-ra; at Cloverdale for
; the Geysers, BoonevlUe and Greenwood; at
Hopland for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs,
Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay. Lake-
port and Bartlett Sprlnpa; at Uklah for Vichy
Springs. Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs. Upper Lake. Porno.
1 Potter Valley. John Day's. Riverside. Llerly'a.
BuckneM's. Sanhedrin Heights, Hullville. Orr's
Hot Springs. Halfway House. Comptche. Camp
Stevens Hopkins. Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg
Westport. Usal; at Wllllts for Fort Bragg:,
Westport Sherwood. Cahto. Covello, Layton-
vllle Cummlngs. Bell's Springs. Harris, Ol-
sen's". Dyer. Garbenrllle. Pepperwood. Scotia
and Eureka. . -
Saturday . to Monday round-trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sunday — Round-trip tickets to aU polnta
beyond San Rafael at half-rates.
Ticket office. . 650 Market ttreet. Chronicle
building
H. C. WHITING. . R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass Ait. 'The Capuchin Fathers will commence a
mission at St. Paul's Church, T\fenty
nlnth and Church streets, to-morrow. The
mission will last for two weeks. It is
the first to be given by the order in this
State.
Mission at St. Paul's Church.
Take Plso's Cure for Consumption for coughs,
colds and consumption. Sold everywhere. •
.Judge Murasky's charge to the 'new
jury was brief and pointed. He called
the members' attention to the fact that
It was their duty to examine Into of
fenses called tc their attention and to
present indictments when their investiga
tions warranted such action. He also
called their attention to the condition of
affairs in the office of County Clerk Ma
hony, and In this connection said:
• During the past few months, gentlemen, an
Investigation has been in progress Into the
books, affairs and accounts of the office of
the County Clerk of this city and county—
an investigation made at the direction of the
Board of Supervisors and conducted by an ex
pert and by the Deputy County Clerk, E. J.
Casey, who has charge of the probate depart
ment of the County Clerk's office. It has
been discovered by this investigation that there
are due to the city and. county for services
rendered by the County Clerk during a period
extending over at leaet the last nine years, a
(Treat many thousands of dollars; the exact
amount runs into large figures. It is believed
that much of this money Is collectable. The
law provides that whenever. In your Judgment.
Upon Investigation of the affairs of any de
partment or office of the city and county govern*
ment you shall discover that there are moneys
owing to the county ycu may empower the
District Attorney to bring suits against • the
parties who appear to owe such moneys.
• In this connection, therefore, gentlemen, I
call your attention to the facts I have men
tioned and Instruct you that you should begin
such an Investigation and, if you deem it
proper, instruct the District Attorney to be
gin t!ie suits which are mentioned In the law.
Grand Juror J. A. Snook was elected
secretary at a meeting of the body held
Immediately after the conclusion of the
court's charge.
. W. F. Nolan, 1106 Eddy street; J. F. Slebe,
2217 Sacramento; Henry E. Coffer. 117 Scott;
E. F. Baruth, 127G McAllister; Harry M. Kel
ly, 357 Hayes; Thomas Mahoney. Phelan. build
ing; James \V. Harris, 230 California; Henry
Gray, 3 California; J. A. Snook, 2041 Broad
way; A. J. Ralsch, 26 Montgomery; W. E.
Davis, 250r Scott; D. O'Connell, 490 California-.
J. A. Wilson. 4138 Twenty-fifth; Hyman Wolf,
1417 Buchanan: E. J. Benedict, 328 Valencia;
Scott Elder, 320 Sansome; Thomas W. Collins,
252 1 Union: Peter Johnson, 625 Vallejo.
• A. new Grand Jury to serve for the
next six months was named by Judge
Muraaky yesterday. , It consists of nine
teen prominent citizens and the foreman
is Andrea Sbarboro, the banker. The
other jurymen are:
A. Sbarboro Is Foreman and
J. A. Snook Is Chosen
Secretary.
Inquisitorial Body Is
Composed of Promi
nent Citizens.
JUDGE SELECTS
NEW GRAND JURY
Let up prlns. for you. It will be well done If
we do it- Mysell-Kolllns, 22 Clay, printers. •
SAN JOSE. Sept. 25.— H.; W. Chappie of
Stanford University has been appointed physi
cal director of the recently organized Young
Men's Christian Association of this city. Chap
pie is instructor in hygiene and also in charge
of the men's gymnasium at Stanford Univer
sity.
All skin comolaints quickly ruccumb to
the use of Koenijsstein's Red Salve. *
The club recently organized In Oakland
Is growing rapidly, and some of the play
ers are extremely clever. In a match
with the San Francisco players on Sep
tember 9 th,ey were defeated, but in the
return match, to-be played on the park
rinks Thanksgiving day, they figure to
make a better showing.
The second round of the Scottish bowl-
Ing tournament started last Saturday,
and three men have thus far reached the
third round. They are Joseph Gray, who
got a default in the second round. Dr.
Hamilton and M. L. Crowe. The second
round must be finished by next Saturday,
and consequently many matches will be
played to-day and a week from to-day.
Thomas McNaught in the upper half and
John McLaren in the lower half are con
sidered to have the best chance of. reach-
Ing the finals. However, many of the
players whom they will meet Are im
proving rapidly, and there may be an up
set or two.
Scottish. Bowlers Meet '^o-Day.
O. F. Von Rhein Lectures Before
Large Audience in First Pres
byterian Church.
A large audience was treated to a rare
entertainment last night when O. F. von
Rheln recounted the experience of a globe
trotter. He spoke at the First Presby
terian Church. In an address that spar
kled with humor and vivid reminiscences
Mr. von Rhein recounted Incidents of his
travels In India, Japan and the Islands
of the East.
The lecturer prefaced his remarks by
some general advice to prospective trav
elers. He said:
"I am asked very many times what is
the cost of foreign travel. I would reply
that $10 a day is the minimum expendi
ture for those who desire to travel in
comfort. Many do the 'grand tour* on
less, but they have to sacrifice much of
their enjoyment by so doing."
Continuing, the speaker gave a vivid
account of life In Calcutta. Madras and
Ceylon, showing the peculiarities of the
Parsees and the Hindoos, and dwelling
upon the magnificence of the courts of th»
Indian rajahs. " ¦':([-
TELLS OF TRAVELS
• IN FOREIGN LANDS
Clerk Monckton Heturns.
Frank D. Mor.ckton, clerk of the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals, has re
turned from Seattle and Portland, where
the court has been recently In session.
The club also adopted a resolution that
any member nominated for election on
the Democratic ticket should not allow
his ramo tc be placed upon the ticket
of any other political party, if also nomi
nated by such party.
Superlntendrnt of Schools William H.
Lengdon delivered an address last even-
Ing before the Iroquois Club on the nec
ess'ty of the passage of bonds for the
erection of new schools in this city.
He quoted statistics to ehow that San
Francisco was poorly equipped In the
matter of schooiheuses as> compared with
other cities and that there was consid
erable overcrowding in the present build
ings and in many cases no provision ex
isted for many children who desired to
attend the public Institutions.
Speaks on Need of New Schools.
The furnishings in the theater were
very handsome and were practically
ruined by the water poured on the burn-
Ing building. The damage to the'build
ing and its contents is estimated to be
very heavy.
The firemen were successful in their
efforts to confine the blaze to the theater
and thus saved thousands of dollars'
worth of rare bric-a-brac and works of
art. During the progress of the fire plate
glass from one of the skylights fell in
and severely cut the hands of Battalion
Chief Conlon and Ed Morant of engine
No. 15.
But for the prompt work of the mem
bers of the Fire Department the resi
dence of M. H. de Young at 1919 Cali
fornia street would have been destroyed
by fir e yesterday morning. Mr. de Young
detected the fire in the theater which
adjoins the mansion and the servants at
tempted to extinguish tho flames. Word
was sent to engine No. 15, which is In
the vicinity, and within a few minutes
the firemen had a stream playing on the
burning structure.
Sustained.
Electric Wires Ignite Wood- Work in
Theater and Heavy Loss Is
DE YOUNG MANSION
DAMAGED BY FIRE
"Did you pity the pitted son?" ventured
Judge Cabaniss. Mrs. Goodwin playfully
tapped the judicial elbow and laughed a
tinkling laugh at the Judicial pun.
"He asked about our business and I
showed him our smallpox demonstrator
and our chicken-pox demonstrator. Dem
onstrators are not patent fire extinguish
ers—oh, no. Then Jie offered me three
times the salary If I would go into his
business."
"I first saw 'Dr.* Williams when he
came to Mrs. Harris* place and said he
was a barber and had a son who was
pitted."
"He is the husband of Mrs. Margaret
Thatcher, who complains that Mrs. Har
ris did not treat her face successfully.
He came to my house to see about buy
ing some of my second-hand clothes."
"Did he say for whom he wanted the
clothes?" Inquired the attorney.
"Yes, he wanted them for himself."
His Honor had scarcely recovered his
equilibrium when Mrs. Goodwin gurgled
on.
"Yes. I know Dr. Thatcher," replied the
fair one to the query of the attorney for
the defense.
PITIED PITTED BOY.
¦ry-^.LAYFUL as a kitten, smiling so
I yj as to bring into play both the ma
f" 1^ jor and tho minor series of dim
¦"L pies, coy In her quaint dermatolog
ical way, Mrs. Alice Goodwin of
the beauty foundry of M. Ella Harris
held the center stage in the roaring farce
comedy which was produced before Judge
Cabaniss yesterday afternoon. To en
large upon her radiant beauty of face
or the delicate charm of her manner
would be to paint the lily.
Mrs. Goodwin had so far torn herself
from the entrancing art of face sculptur
ing as to consent to appear as a witness
in behalf of M. Ella Harris In the suit
for libel being waged by that lady against
her rival non-union practitioner, "Dr."
Leon Williams. The honor of a noble
profession rested upon the shoulders of
Mrs. Goodwin. She and she alone could
vindicate the title held by her employer
of being the only safe and reliable beatity
artist in the city and county of San Fran
cisco.
As soon as the unfortunate man's fate
was discovered the ambulance was rushed
from the Central Emergency Hospital to
the scene and the sufferer hurried to the
City and County Hospital, where every
thing to ; ease his sufferings was done.
Kelly lived but a few hours after his ar
rival In the hospital. • '
: .Thomas Kelly, a single man, residing at
501 Twentieth\street, met with a horrible
death yesterday at the Risdon Iron Works
by falling headforemost Into a vat of
boiling tar. Kelly, who Is a laborer, was
engaged in dipping newly cast gas pipe
into a vat of tar when in some manner
he lost his balance, while standing on an
, elevated platform, and plunged into the
vat.
Thomas Kelly, Employed at Kisdon
Iron Works, Falls Into Scald
' ; " ' ing Mixture.
MEETS FEAEFUL DEATH ,
IN BOILING TAB VAT
Here the attorney for the defense
pleaded with the Judge that this was not
direct 'testimony. His Honor began to
look grave and chew his mustache when
the fair witness turned upon him the full
effulgence of her soulful eyes and let
loose three extra kinks in her dimples.
"Well — ahem— a woman must have her
way, you know," faltered the Judge.
"Proceed with your examination, gentle
men; but let me say that the court will
sustain a motion for a change of venue
to the Orpheum at any time now."
When Mrs. Goodwin had reluctantly
relinquished the witness chair, M. Ella
Harris took it to give the court a few
professional pointers. She said that Mrs.
Thatcher, whose testimonial to the skill
of Williams had cast a libelous reflection
upon the work of the Harris studio, had
come to her to have a thorough overhaul
ing of her countenance. There were pim
ples to be amputated, pittings to be re
touched and a few wrinkles to be mas
saged. All this had she. M. Ella Harris,
done with neatness and dispatch and
turned Mrs. Thatcher out upon an awe
struck world to dazzle the eyes of man
with the glory of her face.
Then to prove that a demonstrator was
not a new patent fire extinguisher. Mrs.
Harris put Mrs. Minna Elliot upon the
stand. Mrs. Elliot was a smallpox dem
onstrator. The left hemisphere of her
countenance looked l-»:e a ragged piece
of canton flannel, but beyond the meri
dian of her nose there glowed the blush
of a spring peony. Judge Cabaniss had
the great misfortune to sit on the "be
fore using" side and requested the wit
ness to look him in the eye from time to
time as a gentle sedative.
At last the gathering gloom began to
veil the specimens of the beauty doctor's
handicraft and Judge Cabaniss announced
that he was going, to . Napa to take the
rest cure and would not listen to the case
for at least ten days.
e
WITNESS TALKS SHOP.
"Well, why didn't you?" queried his
Honor, who was manifestly becoming In
terested. The master mechanic of der
matology drew herself up to her full
height and held up one finger with three
turquoise rings upon It.
"Because, Judge, he was no gentleman.
He Insulted me. He told me I had such
pretty round cheeks."
SOME OF THE CHARACTERS WHO FIGURED IN THE INTERESTING
BATTLE OF THE BEAUTY DOCTORS IN JUDGE CABANISS' COURT
YESTERDAY AFTERNOON.
The quandary is all the greater because
the State raise of 30 per cent must also
be calculated on the valuation. If As
sessor Dodge's valuation is accepted the
United Railroads will be compelled to
pay taxes on $26,093,837 after deducting
moneys and solvent credits. If, however,
the State board's figures are adopted the
amount of taxes to be paid by the rail
road company will be considerably less.
The matter has been placed in thd hands
of the Supervisors' Judiciary Committee
for settlement.
The Board of Supervisors under the
State law is compelled to pass an ordin
ance at next Monday's meeting declaring
the mileage of the railroad corporations,
together with the value thereof for as
sessment purposes. It is therefore con
fronted with the dilemma as to whether
it shall accept the valuation of the State
Board of Equalization or that of the As
sessor.
The Board of Supervisors is at present
struggling with another complication In
the assessment muddle as the result of
the State Board of Equalization fixing the
assessment of the United Railroads la
this city and county. The board named
was given power to assess the corporation
by a Supreme Court decision because the
systen? Is operated in two counties.
The Board of Equalization fixed the val
uation of the system for assessment pur
poses at $18,042,SS5, while Assessor Dodge
assessed the plant at $20,829,208 which in
cludes franchise, solvent credits, money,
rolling stock and other property exclusive
ot real estate.
Assessment of United
Railroads Involved
in Doubt.
SUPERVISORS
IN A QUANDARY
Superintendent J. F. O. Comstock has
occupied his present position for eleven
years and has been connected with the
patrol since its inception. The vigilance
of the patrol is shown In the fact that Su
perintendent Comstock has not enjoyed
a day's vacation since he was placed in
charge.
Under an amended act of the Legisla- j
ture, passed six years ago. It became obli
gatory on all fire insurance companies to
contribute to the support of fire patro : s I
In all cities in the State where such
patrols exist.
The annual cost in this city of maintain
ing the fire patrol amounts to $35,000. The
work of the patrol consists in spreading
rubber and canvas covers at fires and I
saving property from destruction andJ
damage.
All fires are responded to by the vigl- {
lant men of the patrol, whether the scene
of the fire Is insured or not. In the last
year the patrol attended 138 fires and
spread 1217 covers and since its organiza
tion has attended 12,160 fires and spread
S5.871 covers. Hundreds of thousands of
dollars' worth of property are annually
saved by the patrol and its saving to com
merce is very high.
The officers of the Fire Patrol Board
are: William McDonald, president; John
Scott Wilson, vice president; Rudolph
Herold. secretary and treasurer: directors
—George W. Spencer, B. Faymonvllle. V.
Carus Driffield and L. L. Bromv.ell.
The fire patrol Is maintained by the
underwriters, which consist of officers
r>f the fire insurance' companies. It was
Incorporated In 1S75 and went Into effect
under an act of the Legislature of April,
1876.
Exhibitions of "pole sliding" were given
for the benefit of the visitors and sharp at
noon a complete "hitch-up" was a source
of delight to all v.ho witnessed it.
The men of the fire patrol were scat
tered through the building just previous
to the striking of the noon hour gong. In
a twinkling the men of the patrol slid
down the poles from the second and third
stories. The horses jumped from their
stalls to their positions beneath the hang
ing harness, hooks were clamped and
everything was ready for a "turn .out."
"Three seconds," cried Mayor Schmitz
and Chief of Police Wittman, who held
stop watches, and the crowd of visitors
cheered at the quick time in which the
men and apparatus got ready.
A luncheon was served by the under
writers to their guests and short speeches
were made by Mayor Sch:n!tz. Chief of
Police Wittman, William McDonald,
president of the Board of Underwriters;
Superintendent J. F. O. Comstock and
other officials.
The Underwriters' Fire Patrol now has
three stations in this city — No. 1 at 14 Na
toma street. No. 2 at 65 City Hall avenue
and No. 3 at 1915 Bush street.
The invitations to the opening of the
new station were generally accepted and
the guests of the underwriters were lav
ish in their praise of the building and Its
equipment.
The top story of the brick building is
used as a storeroom and the attic roof is
equipped for washing and drying the rub
ber and canvas sheets ustd In the work
of the fire patrol.
The former quarters on Jessie street
having been required for building: pur
poses by the owners, the board of direc
tors of the fire patrol was obiliged to seek
a new location.
The commodious station is located at 14
Natoraa street and was built expressly 1 to
accommodate the requirements of the
fire patrol. On the ground floor are
housed the wagons, buggies, pumping en
gine and horses of the station. The floor
above is devoted to sleeping apartments
of the men who are attached to the sta
tion, officers' quarters and recreation
rooms.
The new station, Xo. 1, of the Under
writers' Fire Patrol, was formally opened
yesterday in the presence of a laxse gath
ering of city officials and gentlemen inter
ested in fire insurance business.
No move was made last night to serve
more warrants, but it is thought that to
day may witness the arrest of several
other white men who b&ve aided in the
unlawful substitution of Chinamen. It
¦was learned on good authority that evi
dence has been secured to warrant the
indictment of six more Caucasians for
this illegal traffic.
Wong Tin acknowledged that he had
been engaged in securing the substitution
of Chinamen since January last. He told
of several specific cases, in one of which
live Chinamen who were ordered deported
were 6et at liberty and Jive decrepit Chi
namen substituted in their places for re
f.rn to their native country. He said
that he paid $1000 for this and that this
money did not go to Dasha. To whom it
was paid the officials would not state last
night. Tin claimed that all he was paid
fi.- the part he took in the substitution
was $15 to $20 a head.
After the statement of the Chinaman
was reduced to writing and read to him
he verified Its correctness and was then
tak^n back to the City Prison for the
night.
It is possible that no st?ps toward secur
ing the custody of the suspected men will
be taken before the Federal Grand Jliry
-eports. which may not b-? until next Fri
day. The body was in cession yesteruay,
but did not consider the substitution
casee, as there was little new evidence
to offer. With Tins confession there is
now plenty of material for action an>1 at
its meeting on Tuesday the Grand Jury
will probably take up the substitution
cases again.
From 6 o'clock until 10 they took turns
at pumping the Chinaman and as a result
they claim to have secured positive evi
dence of the culpability of more v.hite
men in the substitution plot, who have all
along been suspected by the authorities.
Who these are the officials refuse to state,
but it is learned that another watch of
three men at the County Jail, besides the
three men already under bonds, have been
involved by the confession of the China
man.
From beneath a narrow bunk at 12 Fire
alley in Chinatown Detective Tim Cole
man yesterday afternoon dragged Wong
Tin. the much-sought accomplice of Horn
Toon in the Chinese substitution cases In
the starch with Coleman were Detective
Ed Gibson, wise in the ways of China
town from long experience, and Harry
Moffitt. UniteJ States secret service
agent. They had a long hunt for the wily
Celestial. Although they had positive in
formation that Won Tin was on the prem
ises they searched for nearly an hour be
fore they found him. crammed into a
space so narrow that it seemed almos-. im
possible for him to get in there.
He was hurrird to the Hall of Justice
and Special Secret Service Agent Burns
talked with him for a short time with the
aid of Dr. Gardiner as interpreter. The
Chinaman seemed willing to divulge what
he knew of the substitution matter and
it was linally decided to take him to
Burns' room at the Russ House and sub
mit him to a thorough sweating. He was
handcuffed and escorted to the hot^l by
Vnited States Marshal Shine. Secret Ser
vice Agents Burns and Mofntt. United
States District Attorney Woodworth and
his assistant, Ben McKinley; Chinese In
epectors Median ar.d Gardner and a few
other Federal officials. They were taking
no chances on an escape.
Admits Complicity and In
volves Several More
White Men.
Men Who Save Property Give
an Exhibition of Fast
••Hitch-Up." I i
Wong Tin, Accomplice
in Substitution Cases,
Is Caught.
New Station Inspected
by Distinguished
Citizens.
CHINAMAN MAKES
FULL CONFESSION
OPENS QUARTERS
OF F IRE PATROL
THE SAN FBA'KCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 26. 1903.
Some Examples of the Handiwork of Beauty Manufacturers
Enlighten Judge Cabaniss Upon the Inside Workings of
System Which Induces Marred Faces to Blush Like Rose
DEMONSTRATE WONDERS
OF TRUE DERMATOLOGY
14
ot "Her Ladyship Corset" makes
Polces for JYiisses >^
What could be daintier or dressier? Jf 4gtjfijL \^
There is something bewitching and / JtySP*^* \
winning about pokes, especially when / j^fe^*"*^^ 1 V
worn by children. Never has a style / 1^ \
become so popular. / T^fi \
So we decided to make a special J '„ /,
display of them to-day. With that I "\^jL>- \
thought in view we have had our \ "^"jaSaaSy^^^^^^*^ /
whole workroom force for some days \ | PpsS&ri Sf^<u^( j
working on these styles for children. V lllVfi l^lUl fk\\J \ I
Most of them have never been seen \-\ ///'J^^lLF^V*^:/
before. There are no tw*> alike in /^y^mmaWx^^^K
the collection; all hand made, shirred (f d&V&ty«WAW!i\ A -J^P^nM
—for little girls .5 to 15 years of age. \ //<?T ' i^^<W^ )
Th« $3.05 ones are In white silk with ~\{! \$Jt V>*'
double rim, shirred, and trimmed with Q) X^f '*
white silk and two white tips.
$4.75 ones are white shirred suit.
$4.95 ones are velvet, castor shade. _ . __ .
lined with white and castor silk shirred. Ne\V tSeaUtV 111
cet oft with pompon and ribbons. •*
$5.00 one Is a sweeping bonnet, pink far} QlOVeS.
velvet, very dainty and at $6 50 is a
brown velvet faced with pale blue chiffon. The same usual Hale economy. Per-
A "The^ke^nne^arTr^dy to-da,. haps in no other gloves are these two
*^ characteristics so well blended a 3 in
Unlaundered thcse New H . B.'s at $1.00.
White Shirts 25c. C0 T m h e^f th a Ia ? mb o r^ 3 c e r a v m c^e
Think of it! Good strong muslin; backs and in the newest shades of tan.
made with continuous facing; rein- m ° d t es ' reds browns greens, blues,
forced front and back; seams double white, pearl, beaver and black,
stitched and felled; union bosoms— Uther Uloves at $I.OO.
that is, cotton with a linen finish. Plques-2-clasp lambskins, $1.00.
Fverv one's size ia to 18 We've PiQUe Suede-2-clasp. in black and the
every one s Size, 14 to 10. vveve | atest shades of gray and mode. $1.00.
no excuse to offer for the price. VVe pique Mochas— 2-clasp. with silk em-
simply take this method of bringing broidery. Blacks, grays and modes.
our Furnishing Goods Section before w^ s \ e V w c if f sP e n ? b ?oS b!< XhS She<1
you. Women's 1-clasp "Cape" Gloves, most
suitable for, shopping or college wear,
CandV Extols. in shades of good tan and Havana, ».00.
35c a lb. for choice French mixed Jouvin French Gloves, $1.50.
creams and bonbons with just enough They are softer and dressier than
chocolate to be relished. We are in- ever; in black , English red, pretty
troducing new candies all the time. browns, tans, modes and new shades
To-day it is: in blue. They have three clasps.
Choice Chocolate Chips, with mo- _,- T 7 . .
lasses center. If your mouth doesn't 1 ne Art section.
water now it is because you never .
tasted chocolate and molasses to- Here are the pretty things :
gether. 4 oz. for 10c. •
: Turn-over collars, those new ones.
, __ Oriental designs in white and ecru. 5c.
Feather DOaS. Stamped doilies, all new designs. S In.,
1 tainwi _j-y«_>. 9 in.. 12 in.. 16 in., 5c up to 20c each.
It s boas now that give the au- x ew Mount Mellick pieces,
tumn outfit its dash and style. The Perri Lusta. the best brilliant embrol-
i- n -o- n^A fluffier iVirv irp rVi*» nrpt- dery cotton, 3 skeins for 10c.
longer and Hurner they are tne pret- _£ ed Beada for belt3i conar3( cha ins,
tier. Just now we are fortunate to etc _ j n every color. Large bunches 20c.
have a 50-inch one for $10.00; gray or Bead Looms are 23c.
uu^l. 4- inrVi nn « <Rt-> 'Ci St ; no and Maybe you will be glad to know that
black. 43-inch ones. 5>i2 o 0, ana j amp w _ lgt _ ln the very lategt paf _
$17.50. The ?2O ones are 54 incnes terns. -Cc each; on collars, cuffs and
long. fronts in desiens to match.
Hale's, 979, on Market Street, Near Sixth.
, ADVERTISEMENTS.
AUTUMN STYLES I
Children's
— _ — __________
Coats.... 1
:= i
Our FALL, SHOWING OF CHIL- g
DREX'S COATS excels all previous |
efforts In extensl\-enes3 ot assortment 1
and variety of styles, aa well as value. I
(ftrt tF CHILD'S AUTOMO- |
\ I I ¦! MOBILE DOUBLE- I
V5_.» I U BREASTED COAT. g
Cape collar trimmed c
with alternate rows of plain and i
fancy novelty braid of contrasting P.
color. g
$f -9f CHILD'S MON'TE 9
H I *% CARLO DOUI3LE- H
lj>] I «J BREASTED COAT. Eg
Scalloped cape col- tJ
lar. trimmed with fancy silk braid H
and novelty pendants. Six large H
pearl buttons. 83
SA Ffl CHILD'S AUTOMO- l£
•I hi! BILE COAT. Cape »
O I M W collar,, supplemented ¦
by stole tabs Jauntily '.
trimmed with novelty braid.
— __— ________^_— — — — — — — — 1 __——_—-———¦ 1
ft A fir CHILD'S MOXTE
\/L MK CARLO DOUBLE-
lft*f I (Jy BREASTED COAT.
Double cape collar,
neatly piped ln black and white
braid. H
a a m child- s monte m
\/L hi I CARLO COAT. Cape El
UTiVU collar supplemented E3
by stole tabs, trimmed H
with three rows of stylish silk fs
braid. H
ff%f% m f\ CHILD'S AUTOMO- B
\ I US I BILE DOUBLE- H
O-LlWU BREASTED COAT. B
Large cape collar, H
stylishly trimmed with alternate gi
rows of serpentine and white braid. H
Hundreds of CHILDREN'S COATS S
will receive their initial showing to- H
day. They all have an inner lining ot H
warm flannel, and come ln Brllliantine. I]
Serge, Kersey, Ladles' Cloth and H
Broadcloth. To be had in all the B
wanted fall colorings for children. H
Sizes 2 to 14. K
Tremendous Bargain in I
_ ...CORSETS... I
fir so ° P airs °f CORSETS H
hhO PTO on SPECIAL SALE B
UUU TO-DAY at the remark- M
ably low price of 65c. H
Erect Form: Hose Supporters At- hi
taclied; with Double Side Steels; El
OJors Gray and Black; Can Suit |S
the Most Exacting Figure. if
Special sale to-day in Ribbons. ||
Neckwear. Veiling and Gloves. Eg
TRADING STAMPS GIVEN WITH H
EVERY PURCHASE. ||
S*nd for Our Fall and Winter H
Catalogue. 63
1220-22-24 MARKET ST. I
Between Taylor and Jones. . pi
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
UlMMt| V»\ %\ MmpV / \j ft
"^^^LU ""* \ / \1
A RACE f\
ON THE SEA ~ :^^^^UNBEI!\
TH LEADERSr^
THE MAIN CHANCE THE GREY CLOAtt
If jo, .heuld I «*< 1 copy of IT* M*i» H*rt»ld MacOrath. anther « 1T» Pup
Chance, by Meredith Mchoteon. buy. pet Crown. wroU in Tho Grey doai
horr.w.be C «r«t«alU. ForTheMuu ft t^ which reader co^ d Qot
Chmoo. ha. *U tb« element. «f twen- Uy d<rTO m h8 flnfc,^. b, . busy
uetb ceattxry greatneeB. ¦«• this ta an offens* a«ain«t indiBtry
-Chicago Inter Ocean. -Chicago Tribune
THE FILIGFJDE BALL
IT you hav« anything particular to do
at a certain hour, such aa catching a UNDER THE ROSE
train, and still hav* a littl* tins* on The charm of Under the lien «, by
your huds. don't read The Filigree Frederic S. Isham. lies in it* lhreiy
Ball, by Anaa Katberin© Green, aa- wit. it* delicious fooling, its fine fed-
tbor «f Tb« LoaTenworth Case. If ing and perfect taste You forget it
you da. y*a will mlsa that train. — Is net reality and luoccmb to the
JV«w York Ttmt*. author's epell — Harper' '• WeeJdf.
- TUZ BOBBS-ME5BIU COKFAKT. rUBLESHKRS
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BJLERS
Guaranteed Pure*
None 00 Good* |
A Sold E&erg&hitsz ' (
HILBERT MERCANTILE CO..
Pacific Coast Agents.
« — —^^w^— — -^Tl
|sHIRTS|
j| ARE THE BEST p
i AT THE PRICE. 1*1
|1 CLUETT, PEABODY & CO. I I
NOTICE TO THE PUBLIC.
A New Law for the State of California
After many years of the most successful
practice MR. GEORGE MATERLE. the Ger-
man Expert Optician at 1071 Market street,
has been awarded a certificate by the State of
California entitlinj; him to practice Optometry
and prescribe glasses to those having weak
eyes and poor sight.
MR. GEORGE MATERLE has probably fit-
ted glasses to more prominent men of th«
world than any other optician ln this country.
The fact that the hiphest U. S. Army. Navy
and Government officials are using his glassy
should be sufficient evidence of his wonderful
ability to treat most complicated cases with
accuracy and perfection.
EVERY WOMAN
j L b interefted and should lenow
>^5*??$-^S. about the wonderful
*iv^^Y^\ UJIDUCI WHIRLING
i \ v) &i\,\^j '• 1 A 1 be new Vicinal S jrlaes-
t' iVKSi V V *£.' \< 14 Injection and Suction.
Vv*?SS'V- v S^WI Best— Safest— Most Con-
venient. ItCletn»ei
Askyoordrezzhtforlt. \\ iKgw .. •*^T>— *—
If he cannot supply tho \WV '"'liVt'f/vg
nARVEIi, accept no \v '¦¦C_-<'7V-.
other, but tend stamp (be lllu<u \k f v '-i'/^/
tnted bock— scaled. It glte* flail V*, / "''/f
particulars an<1 dirertintu invaluable ®i.'l fM
toladie- MAKVKL CO.. H^'f^VMr
Boom 203. TUno Bdc y w Tork. K>^<iL^
" ~~~
For Stomach Disorders
Cout and Dvsoepsla
DRINK
Best NATURAL Alkaline Water.
¦ A. VIGNIEB CO., San Francisco.
EVER^BLADE-MRRANTED
. Feel Your Pulse
if it beats fast, then slow — skips
beats, your heart is weak and should
be treated at once. Dr. Miles* Heart
Cure is the best and safest remedy.
$ Jj
WEEKLY CALL, $1 PEB YEAbT