"The boat Is discharged." the clerk re
ported. "May. I ask Dan Mannlx to tend
the scales the resUof the afternoon? Mrs.
Bunton asked, me to. come up and help fix
things for. this evening. ,< -> •, ¦-: ¦¦• . -'
"This ? evening ?Oh^. the Mite; Society!
If you were as keen . about business ' as
about- helping. \women make ."Ice -cream
you'd suit me better, ' the merchant said.
. --'Mrs.' >• Bunton asked v me,". the;clerk
mildly. Insisted.^ :,•'¦• " '" .' •
¦ "All right then." Bunton replied, start
ing for ¦ the door. '-".Go ;along."
: "Excuse me,"' eald' the clerk, "Mr*."Call
man's salary Is diie, and, there's enough
pew. rent collections In the safe .to pay It.
I'll be "passing the parsonage." ;
"Glad you reminded me.!", said Mr. Bun
ton; 7 "The parson would draw, a long, face
to-night' if "tie ; didn't have his quarterly
salary."- '¦'--,'- ¦¦'¦:. ¦ . - v '- •/' "¦ : .
Hegtook f rom ,the safe . a cashbox and
counted • out 'two * hundred \ and flfty.'doU
Iars^i" about all .that .the. box.- contained. 7
This he, gave to, the clerk, and as he lifted
tbe^box ;to«retum It: .to 'the ; safe < he
knocked .ft"' document-! f rom ' the!desk.' , • ; V
f- "By IJngp I'vj! he exclaimed, as ' he picked
the paper" 'up and glanced * at ! It." "See ; if
the doctor .'4s '" in sight.'.'- ' n M|'HUi4IH|1 itH l'|||isl
¦ The ' clerkv> from the : door, reported that
Then the clerk;,heard less, for. the
speakers lowered their voices. Bunton
told the doctor that he would sell him for
the sum he so much needed some land
in a promising Iron ore district In Michi
gan. He could sell it in Pittsburg for that
sum— more— but that would take time. It
would be a good investment for the doc
tor, or for any one who would hold the
land for a time. /
Dr. Paxton kneweomething of the land
Bunton offered, as he did of most of the
merchant's business affairs, for they were
old friends and neighbors. He knew the
land was worth all that he was asked to
pay for it— and the man who' urged him
to bujhlt'had Just done, him a great favor.
'/m deposit, a. check for; $3000 to. your
'credit In your, bank before 3 o'clock to
day." he said. 'as he arose to go.
.; 'ThankVjjou, Doc," Bunton B aid. "You've
ianded^.me'under.a tree where I'll shake
down a." pippin: .and* I'm confident .you're
' making v af 'good- investment for yourself
and the-chU/iren." .. .»
;/*..T,xn patlsffeaV Ike." Dr. Paxton replied
"jCheejrf ully^ t iais ~he v again " walked toward
.?*-.?'..'&.; v* i -^?ii" i .-i'> t ' • ¦¦'.''*' ; . ,', ¦ : ;."
—"oh, no delay at the savings bank— I've
borrowed there before; yes, could even
get it to-day."
:¦¦¦:¦ HA**;* •',-.v ; ; ; v ¦¦/¦¦•.. ¦
the door Bunton checked him by a sign
and said to 'the clerk,' '/Harry, go out and
ask how soon they'll have that canal boat
discharged." When the clerk' .was out of
earshot he' added: : '.'Doc. dun't deposit
your, check to my credit on the very day
that your appointment is announced. The
bank . people would start a lot .. of old
maid's -gossip— my borrowing from you.
Just after' getting you the appointment."
The " doctor laughed heartily. "Ike," ha
said, "your Scotch ancestors " must have
been a canny lot' All right. I'll have the
cash here for. you by 2 o'clock." > . :
, "And ', I'll , have ; the .deed to the land
ready for. you .then." ,. , ..... v •
. ¦ A little after the agreed hour 'Dr. Pax
ton. drove up to ... the ..coal office . In .his
buggy, and iHarry,- the .clerk, was \ again
sent Into the yard Ho. see about the.un
loadingof the canal boat; .:¦»'.:;,'•- ;-,
Before the; clerk returned to the":. office
the doctor had handed to 'the merchant
the fivff. thousand dollars and hurried
away., on his delayed professional .visits;
neglecting in his haste to take the" deed'
of.? the land with . him. Bunton was
paring, to leave as the clerk ire-entered
the' office. "I'll not be back this after-;
"noon. ' - Harry." he said. ' "Look .: * after
' '."Dan,'',v hesafu, "I've got to go up to
'Dr.' Paxtan.'a /with a paper he forgot, and
then' toVMrv" Bunion's house. You're to
- loV • out, f by , N the, ofllce till .closing . time."
*• !'All right. Hayrry.'Vthe foreman replied.
V'ljsayl', you'd h& doing •better, if you .went
to bed. : 'l^ist;I^ suppose beta?' as sick as
you -lobk'-Upn/t^couni- against the chance
I ot being wHtt.tb^ ladles.." #j&«/<f ;j -• '
,: "You're "•?lucky." not to have' any. social
I duties y'ou'rsejf,' .i>an Mannlx/"\trie clerk
replied, frying. ttf 6HS{i,e an# wondering- If
he succeeded. VSee— a re^they' loading that
¦ cart from tbe^.rlght p.lle,< Dan?" |
>.' As' the i f orejnah w.ent i ttf the window ; to
;iook out the "'clerki hastily, said, "Goo<J
¦'-day,"-left*the office, picked.* up t the ,vaH,«e,
and "walked rapidl* urtylL he; turned the,
¦ nearest corner.' -•Thehhe,fBt»ppedi for hfs
heart was "-Jumping' 6O ; violently* that he
was - frightened^ ''PanawJ" - he thought.'.
"I'U'be' back within a .week^; with;every,
,thing forgiven." He was; leaning against
>,the ;¦ front of - a- drinking. : saloon;"',, and
chanced upon ' turning . his head to see? Ws^
face; reflected 4n the;mirror;Qf;the.wiri
dow.flxtures.' It was so white' and fright,
ened a face he did not recognize It until
hla hand " wentirneryously toHhls small,
smartly mustache. •• .Vlf Daisy
sees '. me like; .this.".;, he;- thought, "she'll
. ask questions. 1 ;I ; wonder if • a drink"— he
-looked* at", his Swatch— ."almost an hour
j yet.*.v- 1.-T }'i-y : V "'•'}¦¦ '• '¦'• ¦"'A'"- ¦ v.%.~'
'..".He; entered', the saloon and drank sev
eral 'times, 1 '. for % once 'inside he . was seized
" with) a sudden ; .fear* .of ' appearing' in" the
: open street. • But the ' unaccustomed stim
.ulant' soon . brought' blood to his cheeks,
courage ¦ to bis ' heart." and ¦ be confidently
set ' forth on a * brisk walk of several
' naVwent:'tO" the :shed : door \ and called in
». the' yard foreman. . '.'..*
: "Well. Isaac"— Mrs. Bunton put.' her
hand to her heart; \ her ' comely' face was
drawn . by fright, but she smiled, as If to
apologize,*' and ~ then, in complete ' panic
began to cry. ' . .
• "Carrie!. Carrie, deail'. What Is it? feii
me." '..'¦' '. ¦ "•¦ '"*'¦; •¦"¦.. • V :'. '
' "Oh, Isaac!. I sent the man to the Pax
tons'; at 5 o'clock, and Daisy had not bean
there. I've sent to tha Spencers', Rus-
"Well?"
"I came; to see If you cad picked up
Daisy, anywhere. Have you seen her?"
Mrs. Bunton asked:
- J'.'Daisyf No. Where Is she?" , *
•VHIs wife did not reply until they were in
'the house. "Why, .Isaac, I don't under
stand about Daisy. She went out at 3
o'clock, to run over to see Grace Paxton
about the Mite Society. "She knew what a
lot of things I had to do this- • evening,
and: promised to ' be back nor later than
4 o'clock." " . '
When Isaac Bunton started heme that
evening he was a happy, conndent man.
The bank had made the necessary ad
vance to enable him to secure the pig Iron
he coveted; although, even with the $3000
his transaction with Dr. Paxton added to
bis .marsrin of cash, the bank /still hesi
tated, and at the last agreed to make the
•loan onlv when advices from Plttsburg
reported favorably on the pig iron market.
.'.It was dark and a sudden sharpness
was in the -air. when .. the merchant:
i reached his house, where the stableman,
.lantern in hand, waited to take the horse.
"Carrie!. What, are you tlolnjr ' out . in
this air with- nbthlng over your head?"
Mr. Bunton exclaimed., surprised to find
his., wife by his side, as he stopped- to
speak to the man.' .". -* ' • •'. ;.
II^-A CIPHER WEDDING CARD.
Harry was back by the windqjar when
the agent returned : and 'opened up the
ticket window. "Where to, . Harry?" he
tt'sked; , . . •
"Lime Ridge," Harry^replied; and as he
pafd -for his ticket the accommodation
train of two cars drew up to the station.
. Harry Lawton boarded ihe smoking car,
and Miss Daisy Bunton the. day coach.
you bought your tlckets?" %
. "Yts;"*for Round Valley."
"Sit down here a minute. Listen to
me."
Bunton sat on the edge of his desk and
leaned over as he rapidly spoke to tha
doctor, seated In the chair, listening with
increasing Interest, r The clerk caught bits
of his employer's' eager explanation:
"Threatened early close of lake navig*?
tlon; shortage of iron ore; proposed' rail-"
road extensions making big future-;' de>
mands for pig iron; a valley* furnace
pressed for cask; like finding money : to
crab Its offer of 10,000 tons; "bank timid—
lend only GO per cent; pig iron as goqft as
pig gold." •'-..-•:•• ¦ f' : T *
Then from the doctor: % "Five thousand.
Is a lot of money; yes. could pet . that
amount on mortgage. When?*.'— laughing'
His eager, boldly con^dent face flushed
with vexation. But he jumped to hia feet
with a quick, -frank smile as' a man
bustled in through the street d^or. nodded
frood -naturedly to tte dirk and ex
clahmd. "Well, Ike. I've eot it!"
"Of course you have. We didn't go into
the right to lo.-e. Eh, Doc? Oh, pardon
me, Ur. Postmaster; Frederic Paxton,
Postmaster. That sounds * all ri^ht. I
congratulate you."
."And I lhanK you." said Dr. Paxton,
Shaking hands with the merchant heartily.
"I know that I owe my appointment to
you more than to any one else, Ike."
"Oh, It was easy for me." Dunton said.
"I didn't ask anything. I demanded it.
I went to the County Committee and said,
•I wart your Indorsement of Dae Paxton
for the postoffice. I'm entitled to it.'
Well, they grave it. I guessed it would
fetch the appointment, and it has."
"I appreciate what you've done for me,
Ike; and I'll want your advice about the
places in the office, of course."
"Thank you, Doc. Musf you go? See
you to-night; the Mite Society meets at
our house, remember."
"Howard and Grace reminded me of it
at breakfast and told me to be sure to b«
home to go with them. Now I'm off. My
patients will all get well If I neglect 'em
for politics any longer," and the big.
good-natured doctor started toward his
bucgy at the door.
"I say. Doc. got five thsasand dollars
about you?" Bunton called after him.
"Never carry lc* 8 than five hundred
thousand." the doctor laughed. "Will
that do as well?" . . - • , .
The two friends .looked at one another
In silence; the doctor smilingly ' waltfngr;
to see if there was- any serious sequel to
the other's Joke; the merchant thinking,
"An unlikely quarter to ask help. I won
der if his house"— then aloud— "Doc,
you've no mortgage on your house, have
your*
"No."
__A loaded <xal cart rolled on to the quiv
•ring ptaObrm -of the sca.es. the e;*rk
took a memorandum of the welgut iron
the registering beam inside the oilice a.iU
gave tht driver a card witn the advice,
"Hustle aiorg with that, Pat." The driv
er tucked ihc card inside his cap, ie
eponded. "Ail right, Harry, me uye,"
Climbed en the cart ana Joited away.
- Ieaac Bur.ion watched Uie e»«.rk td
his desk ar.d enter a charge, against a.
customer lor a ton of c<jai. '.iijen iie turn
ed again to a tangie cf ttgurej he udd
made and muttcreu, "A ton of e^a.. ¦ llaa!
A thousand, ten, a hundred tn«us..iiu!
That oujrht to be the sizt or my business.
Pig iron? A truck load'V-^t* a uuck
stopped on the mates— 'with ten tnuu
eand tons of it almost on r.iy hands. In
my hands, if I cou;d raise $>joa mote! Tha
bank is run by a lot of giannies, who are
In a panic because I've mortgaged every
thing—even my home. The first big
char.ee of my llfe;_ an ajvanee of two
dollars a ton— three, fuur, nve-^-almost a
certainty!" '
But these cheery signs of rushing busi
ness failed to dispel a look of worry from
the face <jf Isaac Bunton; failed even to
hold his attention when he lifted his eyts
from a litter of paper on his desk to
glance out into the yard. Yet rushing
business ai:d Isaac Bunton had, in the
past few \tarB. become synonyms In the
little iHjit of White Kiver on tne lake. In
the business of commerce, the busiutss of
politics, the business of churcn a:id so
ciety, Mr. Iiuntcn was i/r>.inlntnt and
fcuccestiul as a rusher.
•fT"^H£ office of Isaac Bunton, dealer In
I coal and pig iron, was a small, sin-
I gle-roomed house, with a door to a
I street whose deep mud was black
with coal, another door opening into
a covered passage where outbound carts
stopped to have their loads weighed, and
two windows looking out on a yard
crowded with the dealer's commodities.
At the far end of the yard was a wharf,
bordering a recess from a canal. On tha
morning of a late October day the pro
prietor of the business sat at a table desk
facing the "windows, where he could
watch the work going on in the yard.
It might have engayeu his pleased atten
tion, tor an unusual number of his
chunky, blua carts, bearing his own name
In large, smudgy-white leiteis. wire be
ing loaded with coal for household deliv
ery; trucks from neighboring furnaces
were being loaded with pig iron; whilo
more of that ugiy but highly respectable
commodity was being unloaded from a
can*J-boa: ana ;.:i*-d lute cordwood on the
wharf.
(Copyright. 1903. by McClure. Phillips & Co.)
I. IRON AND HEARTS.
the doctor's buggy had disappeared.
"Then before you go to my house go to
the doctor's and- leave this for him.".
Mr. Bunton > enclosed th* document— tha
deed for the land ; which Dr. Paxton had
bought— in a large envelope, sealed and
addressed it,\ saying, "It's something the
doctor^ forgot. \ ! He'll probably not be at
home,", but -you.' can leave it with Howard
or Grace..'. If both of "em are away, don't
leave It with the hired girl— keep it and
give It to : ma I this evening." -
Harry Lawton, . the clerk— "Harry" to
every, one; always— stood motionless until
he heard the merchant Jump Into his
buggy ;.and speak to the horse
that must take him to 'the bank before
closing hours. The crimson , flush that
overspread the clerk's pretty, womanish
skin as the merchant left the office sud
denly . blanched*.' Hi . paused, looked cau
tiously ; out Into the busy yard, then
walked . oof tly to ."•' small wardrobe In a
corner; of ¦ the' office. From that he took
first, a street coat, which he put on in
place, of his .office Jacket. In the coat's
inside pocket he carefully placed the min
ister's quarterly salary. Tha envelope ad.
dressed to Dr. Paxton ha thrust carelessly
Into a pocket of a light overcoat he neit
put on.,",- Then from tha. bottom of tha
wardrobe, hidden by loose .': papers, he
brought forth a valise. This he carried
to tha door and dropped on the sidewalk,
where Jit, was - invisible from the office.
When he had put on hU hat and gloves
said that the- -doctor
was very* tired when he came In and felt
disappointed when he got the call for a
distant visit. "I don't know which is tha
most used up, the horse or I," ha bad
said, when he asked the girl to make- him
But Dr. Paxton did not return In time
to look. In , at the Mtt© Society, nor was
he aCh'ome when Grace and Howard re
turned there at 10 o'clock. "Poor papa!"
said Grace: "I hope he will not be kept
oufiverjr;late." . • .'-•.. .-.'
When he was gone she became calm.
"He'll not be hard on Daisy. He'll for
give them both. Harry couldn't have
meant to take the money. He's such a
sweet boy?" she said over and over.
And so she met her evenin* guests;
the fathers and mothers of families with
whom every interest of her life had be
gun, developed and matured. None of
these was surprised at the absence of rest
less rushing Ike Bunton: nor that Daisy
should have gone with him to Round Val
ley, since that was her grandfather Bun
ton's home, where she frequently visited.
She had been looking ill lately, more than
one matron observed, and the visit would
freshen her ud.
But Harry was missed. Many asked
for him and said they hoped he would be
there. Their simple social doings wera
much dependent upon Harry. None so
apt as Harry at charades and all kinds
of games. Not even the minister was as
clever at riddles as Harry; and he was
as good as a professional at sleight-of
hand. .Even the young beaux admitted
his cleverness— though he was go popular
with the belles. But he was not the kind
of man to.be Jealous, f.- Grace Paxton
.was there,' and good naturedly helped en
tertain;"- by playing the piano when th»
young folks wanted to dance, while the
oldsters talked over the church choir, or
discussed arrangements for the Sunday
school Christmas tree. Howard Paxton,
accepting modestly many compliments
upon his growing fame as a newspaper
man, dutifully seconded bis sister Grace
In her neighborly - efforts to make the
guests not too much regret Harry's ab
sence.
Howard told Mrs. Bunton that his
father, the doctor, had not been horn* to
dinner. - He- had not seen him. Indeed, to
salute him as postmaster, for the doctor
had ! been called out of town Just before
supper and,. before Howard returned from
his work: He left word with the hired
girl that he would look In at the Buntona*
If he returned before 10 o'clock.
He rushed from the house, but in a few
minutes returned. "Yes. a thief!" he
said. "He stole the minister's salary to
take our daughter on her wedding Jour
ney!"
After a little- be spoke more quietly.
"Carrie," he said, "perhaps we can sava
her — ourselves— from public disgrace. See.
this dispatch means nothing to others
than us. *H. I* and Margie married.'
Margie.— Our pet name for her and only
ours. Seven o'clock. I can catch the
seven- thirty."
He went for his coat and hat.
"Isaac. Isaac, don't be hard on her!"
begged Mrs. Bunton.
"On her!" he answered. "No, not on
her. Listen. Carrie; we must keep this
secret. The folks will be coming soon.
Say I'm suddenly called away on busi
ness; that Daisy is with me. That'll sat
isfy all of 'em. If you care for my life's
peace of mind give no sign of this. Per
haps it need never be known publicly."
"Oh, Isaac, don't be hard on her," wepP
the mother.
There was a tone of appeal at the end,
for she saw in her husband's eyes signs
of storm. "Calling!" he exclaimed. "He
has no right to be calling 1 . I gave him
some business to attend to for me—busi
ness that bad to . do with money." Ha
started uo with the last words, and said.
"I want to send the man. over to the par
sonage to ask Mr. Callman about some
thing."
There was a ring at the door, and. with
out waiting for the mala. Mr. Bunton
answered it. A tHesrram. He did not
open it until he had returned to the sit
ting room. Then he read it, and lot it
drop from his hand with * cry of rage.
"Married! To a sneaklns Rood for
naught!*' ....
Mrs. Bunton picked up the dispatch, but
hers was a cry of joy: "Oh thank God*
Daisy Is safe!"
She had never before se«n the man who
now turned on her, the man to whom she
had been nearly twenty years married.
"Safe, and you thank God? I would have
thanked God had the cars crushed her
life out, as you feared, rather than this!
A silly! A pretty, witless thing that I
gave work to— as I would give food to a
puppy that you liked— to keep It from
starving. A smirking, mincing, dancing,
girl-of-a-bov! Such a thing to be th«
only son I am to have! A timid, lazy "
He stopped, and his expression of raga
turned to despair, as he whispered— "And,
perhaps a thief!"
"Oh," she said, with a sigh of relief,
"like as not Daisy met Harry and they're
calling somewhere. You know what a
hand Harry is for calling."
Husband and wife stared at each other,
neither speaking; but her eyes began to
clear. *
"I am. I had to return to the office lata
and Dan Mannlx said Harry started for
here."
"He has not been here."
"Certainly, Harry— Harry Lawton. He
left the office at 3 o'clock to come- here
and help you."
"I3aac Bunton. are you sure?"
"Nonsense, Carrie, nonsense! She'll
soon be home and I'll scold her, too, for
not helping you this afternoon. I suppose,
though, that Harry pitched In and helped
you like — like a girl."
"Harry?" Mrs. Bunton questioned In
astonishment.
sells', CarUrs*— no on« has seen her to
day."
"Well. well, dear! Don't take on Ilk*
that. She's met some friend from the
Heights, likely, and gone home with her.
There's nothing- to be frlghUnsd about.
Zt wasn't very considerate of her to l«av«
you with all th» fixings of to* party to
g»t ready.**
"It's those dreadful railroad crossings.
Isaac. They keep me in a tremble all the
time. They're not half protected by Gag
men; and more and more trains rushing
In snd out with ore and coal all the *tT>*.
There's scarcely a day that soma accident
doesn't happen."
"Well, Carrie, we'll make the Town
Council order more flagmen. Nothing has
happened to Daisy or we'd hear of It."
"And there- are so many rough charao
ters drifting Into town for the winter.
Oh. where can she be? Isaac. I'm frigh
tened."
blocks to the- little- station of the Valley
railroad. The station was but a tlcket
¦eller'a box and on* small waiting-room,
heated to - suffocation by a great baa«
burner stove, whose constant encourage
ment to do Its utmost vai the ticket
seller's chief duty and delight.
Harry entered tba waiting-room with
coat collar turned up. with bat tipped far
over bis race, with a swagger that seemed
to him such evidence * of boldness
as to conceal bis identity from even his
most Intimate friend. But be had scarce
ly, paused' the door when the ticket seller,
perspiring at work shaking ashes from
the stove, exclaimed. "Hollo, Harry,
where you off tor*
"A little run down the valley," Harry
replied in a dismay which turned Into a
fit of trembling as he saw a heavily veiled
woman sitting In the' darkest corner of
the room.* .
. "To look : after some ' of Ike Bun ton's
shipments. I'll bet," the man said cheer
fully. "More cars of coal pass here for
him than for any other dealer In town,
lie's a hustler, he is. Guess he'll be mov
ing upto the Heights among th« nobs
pretty soon.'.' -
Harry turned his backhand looked out
of a window, but the man went on. "Hear
Ike's folks have two hired girls and a
stableman now." He went to a box. filled
a scuttle .with coal, poured It into the
top of the glowing stove, opened all the
draughts, and continued, "Guess you re
member when you went to "school, with
his girl, Daisy, and my boy. went to tho
same school, too, that Ike Bunton didn't
have two hired girls, nor one.. Some folks
Is born* lucky that ain't no better, than
other, folks. There's the three-forty-seven,
on time."
The - three- forty-seven was a train that
did not stop, but the station man stepped
to the platform to see It pass and wave
a hand to - the train' crew. - As he did so
Harry. stepped to the woman In the cor
ner. _"A11 right, Daisy?" be whispered
faintly. /
t'Y as/ Harry," came the firm reply.
•rWhen will our train come?"
•¦in eight m(nutea.7 he answered. "Have
This publication is the more nota-
W» froza the fact that not only did
thm author begin his career on The
Call, but the Sunday Call is the very
first newspaper to present the tal
ented writer's latest novel in this
form. In point of fact you cannot
tT*t "Xees and Leaven" in any other
form whatever for less than twenty
times the cost of the Sunday Call.
That Is a simple little fact worth
pondering if you like the best that
is being written in America to-day.
*T EHE yon have the author of
Lj "Chlxnmie Fadden" at his best.
J[ I In "I*ees and I>aven," his
«*/ latest work, E. W. Townscnd
•roads a new note in American liter
*tux«--tlie right of a yotmg girl to
• tx— choice of a husband. If you
•r«r read aa far as the end of the
••ccnd chapter you vrill never let the
***t of this book escape you, so
•trcng, bo tense, bo brisk and yet
•o realistic is the action. In fact you
axe eaug-ht in the tremendous sweep
ef •vents almost from th.6 very first
Una.
Sunday Call
Literary Section
LEES AND
LEAVENHarry, paying no heed to her, glance<l
about r«8tlessly and soon, turning fairly
around to look down the street, saw Bun
ton following.
"Your father!" he gasped, clutching
nervously at Daisy's arm.
She turned, saw her father, walked to
ward him, laughing, and with both hands
outstretched. There was no look of con
trition, not even of embarrassment, on
her pretty face; only the look of pert con
fidence with which (It was characteristic
of her) s"he would have asked her father
any small favor— a present of a box of
candy.
"Oh, papa!" she exclaimed, "you don't
care, do you? We're all forgiven, eh?
Harry Was afraid you would be cross. I
knew you wouldn't. Why, papa, what's
the matter?"
For the first time since he had read
the telegram Isaac Bun.on felt something
in his heart that was not wholly anger;
something like pity for the girl, perhaps,
as he realized her perfect ignorance of
the character of the man wno now stood
behind her, smiling weakly, though he
was pale with fright. Perhaos, too, his
fa ncr heart was touched that she came
to him with the perfect confidence In
which they had always met; perhaps, too,
he recognized in her belief that what she
had done was right, because she had done
It, his own strongest trait reflected in her.
But in this emotion*, whatever the cause,
there was no pity for the rr.un. "Daisy."
he said. "I'm coiner to the hotel with you;
we can not talk here."
She looked at him, surprised at his tone.
"Papa, you ure not. cross? "Won't you
speak to Harry?"
Her father did r.ot answer, and she
pouted for a little time as thev walked
toward the hotel: but she soon save her
pleased attention to some rings still in
their jeweler's boxes — one a woman's, two
a man's.
When they were In the little parlor of
the "bridal suite", at the hotel, Daisy be
gan pouting again, for neither man had
spoken, and now her father walked up
and down the room, with a look she had
never se^n; and Harry no ' longer tried
to smile, bu* looked pitifully frightened as
he glanced, now and then, at 1 the face of
his father-in-law.
"Well, papa," the girl said rather sharp
ly, "I didn't suppose you'd scold: but, if
you are going to, 1 wish you'd begin and
have it over with." -:»;:-,
"Daisy," her^fathe* said, and at the
sound of his voice Harry-sat down limply,
"this— this man— Is a thief 1"
Harry's face turned gray, but the girl's
flushed with anger. "Papa!" she cried,
"how can • you say such a wicked thing.
He is my husband, and I love him!" She
walked to her husband's Bide and took
his hand. He held hers wfth nervous en
ergy, but did r.ot rise as she stood be
side him. Mr. Bunton -was not- a hard
hearted man, was not 1 without tender een
timents. was fond of his daughter and
had bten proud of her," but ' when, she
said this he looked at her with iricredu :
lous sccrn. It seemed impOssibfe. that
she could see the man, and not know all
about him that he. did. To hear" her say
that she loved the cringing creature, who
was now '¦ holding on to her skirts with
one hand, added to the father's rage, if
that was possible, and made^rim, for the
first time, feel bltterlyttov.-ard his daugh
ter.'- '. ¦;; ¦¦ . .<..¦;
"It is i mean of you to say such a wicked
thing, papa! How can you?"
"Ask him if he is not a thief." Mr.
Bunton said.- - •
¦"I only meant to borrow the money)
Mr. Bunton,"- said Harry.' " Ir-I— you said
that he would forgive us, Dairy. I did
it for you, a,nd I thought he'd take me
into the bus ness, and I could pay It back.
And I— I ; " ¦ He' began to weep 'and the
bent over him and would ¦ have kissed
him, but her. father sprang forward and
dragged her away.
It was a minute before Bunton could
control his voice. > "Daisy," he said, "I
want to have a talk with Larry. Oo into
the; other- room and wait.','
"Please stay here, Daisy," her husband
sobbed. ! "I only meant »to borrow the
money. I wanted to buy you some rings.
I think you ought to stay, as well as I."
Even . then she did not see. "There,
papa. Harry didn't steal. How much is
it? Can't- 1 pay it? Don't be hard on
Harry, papa!" *
He looked at his daughter as he mfght
if she had stabbed him. He had thought
of separating her from 'the thief as! the
simplest' part of his task. -That she. clung
to the , poor creature, after his -miserable
confession, well-nigh killed the'pride.that
had. been but bruised. ". He spoke to, her
now as if she were ill or even insane,' and
he • would rouse ; her : to ¦ consciousness, to
sanity: "Daisy,,.. I must- speak to Harry
alone. , 1 shall not be— be hard on him.
Please go. daughter." ; '
He did not interfere now when she went
to her husband,' bent over Mm, wiped his
rV'-A BRAND FROM THE BURNING.
His knowledge of Harry's character led
Mr. Bunton to the largo city a little way
beyond the State border, and there he
easily found the trail of the man he was
now as anxious to find as he had been to
be rid of. He had not questioned himself
with particularity as to the course he
should follow when he should flnd Harry,
and demand the return of the fleedv* He
began to have fears he had not felt be
fore that the pursue* and harassed man
might demand payment for the deed, or
more hush money; he felt less certain of
successfully working on his cowardice,
his fear of arrest. The merchant was an
noyed with himself that he should enter
tain these doubts and fears. What if he
should not find Harry? A new deed could
be made and recorded, and the- Interests of
Howard and Grace Paxton protected.
That was his only object in this Journey
—was it not? He had only their Interests
at heart— was it not so? Why chase the
thief, then? But he went on to another
town, where, his Information made it
seem certain. Harry had gone. There,
after a considerable search, he learned at
a hotel that Harry— he was traveling un
der a false name, but was so easily de
scribed—had left but a few minutes be
fore, presumably to take a train. Mr.
Bunton hurried to the station, where he
made inquiries of a police officer, who
said. "I think the party you're after
boarded that train," pointing to a train
Just starting out. Mr. Bunton looked and
at a window of a patsing car saw Harry
On a sudden impulse he started forward
to beard the train, already moving swift
ly; but the offlcer caught his arm. saying,
"Excuse me, but this Is what I'm here
for. Tco many pepole are hurt trying to
do that."
Harry had seen Mr. Bunton make the
dash for the train, and sighed with great
relief when he saw him checked. He was
shaking with fear, though, for he had
been constantly apprehensive that he
would be overtaken and carried back to
face trial and imprisonment. He feared
this as another might fear death. His
personal vanity was as great as his
cowardice and always, since the merchant
had first threatened him. he had tortured
himself with fancies of what people
would say of him as a prisoner; what one
woman, who had remarked his soft whita
hands would say to him— a prisoner at
hard, rough labor— what another, who had
praised his hair, would say of him with
shaven head! What cruel things would'
the other prisoners say of him— a fallen
society darling! The torment of these
thoughts, the misery his silly vanity made
him suffer in anticipation had supplied a
score of reasons why Mr. Bunton should
change his miftd, determine, after all, to
prosecute him: and his departure from
the last town had been hastened by the
fear of pursuit. When, then, he did see
Mr. Buntcn and In company with a police
officer, he was well nigh sick witb>- utter
hopelessness. He determined to tarry no
longer in that country, but to travel as
far and as fast as h,e could. >
The train had started in the evening,
but he rode in a day coach. The car waa
nearly full, but for some time he had no
seat companion. When a passenger en
tered and sat down by him his fears re
doubled: Mr. Bunton might have tele
graphed ahead to have him watched. He
pulled his overcoat up around his ears
and his hat far over his eyes, although
the old fashioned car was stove-heated,
and suffocatingly hot. When his seat fel
low good naturedly tried to enter into
conversation he pretended sleep and did
not answer.
The close air. his fatigue, tha rhythmic
rattling cf the wheels, at last brought
him to half-unconsciousness that he
drearily welcomed. How U ng this lasted
he never knew— so little did he ever know
of that awful nlghtl— but i ? was aroused
Into bewildered wakefulness by a heavy.
ominous Jolting of the car. the • quick,
gasping cries of passengers, a long,
piercing shriek of the locomotive whistle.
Then there was a hideous crash, a fall for
what seemed to be minutes, and a cruel,
deafening; crushing shock, as If the
world Itself had met another world and
chaos mocked the order of the universe.
For a time there was no human sound;
only the hateful hissing of steam, the
cyrs, VI-fpdM'n and % v.'n'spered, "It will
be all right, Harry. There, put on your
rings," and she gave him two of the tlJ'ee
rings for which part of the Rev. Mr. »"!all
man's quarterly Ealary had been spent.
Mr. Bunton, when she left his Jide, had
turned his back and did not' look toward
his unhappy son-in-law until .Daisy had
left the room; Then' ~ he -said, and so
quietly that Harry looked up hopefully.
"I shall not- have you arrested and. sent
to prison if you promise to do- promotl/
and precisely all I tell you .to do."
"Yes. Mr.' Bunton, I'll do. anything you
soy— anything!" ;>}
"You are to leave the State and n<jt re
turn, nor muke any appearance In Daisy's
suit for -divorce," " the ' merchant said.
"Also, you are never to speaK to any one
of your— your marriage."
Harry had- looked greatly relieved" at the
promise of immunity from arrest: but now
t.i> was fearful that' he could not comply
with the condition. "I've spent much of
the money that I— I borrowed, Mr. Bun
ton," he faltered. "How can I get away
and live until I— I find work?"
! " '"I am going to give you five hundred
dollars," Mr. Bunton said. Harry's face
brightened. ' "You understand . the condi
tions; you are to go away at once, stay
away, remain silent, and so long as you
do so I will not prosecute you. You under
stand that there are no statutes of limita
tion which apply to your offense. I can
have you arrested and put In prison any
time you fail in any of your promises.
And, Harry— look at me— I will do exactly
as I say about the prison. I need not re
peat that. You know me.'!
. No need to repeat it in truth. The poor
young man - was chilled through and
shakins? with fright every, time the word
prison or , arrest was spoken. Even the
thought of the $500 could not dispel his
ague of fear, though through his troubled
mind there danced details of the luxuries
' his . unexpected ¦: fortune would purchase.
No need to repeat' the -threat, for already
he was eager to; start, fearful that -the
offer of immunity and* money would-be
withdrawn before he could ¦ take advan
tage of it. He ' glanced apprehensively; at
the merchant and said softly. "Did you
¦wish me to start at once, sir?"
' "At once.'»-Is* that your valise?"
."Yes,' sir; we were going— somewhere
else— this afternoon. It's all packed."
* cup of tea, while he reharnessed the
corse.
The farmer whose sick child the doctor
attended, three miles out on the Red
House road, said to Howard Paxton:
"Doc never left baby till nigh onto 10
o'clock. 'I've had a long day/ he says,
•and will be r'.ad to get home.* says he.
•and so will the horse," *ay» he. 'Baby's
doing finely,' says he, 'but I'll drive out
to-mcrrow. so's 1 c«n charge you for two
visits,' says he, always having his Joke.
Wife asks him to stop all night in the
epare room, but Doc says he has a couple
of babies cf his own to home, meaning
you and your sister Grace, as we knowed,
end that he hadn't seen you since morn
ing—not even to hear you call him post
master. So he drove on*, the horse as
tired as him. and llke's not both on "em
asleep and not hearing the engine whis
tle. There's no flagman at that crossing
.efter 7 o'clock, so nobody knew how it
happened. But my wife tells me to come
and tell you a* we both recollects his lat
words— l«»ast wipe the i»«t that we h«ard
him say— was about you and your sister:
calling you. In a loving way, babies— as
fathers do sometimes, even when chil
dren be grown up."
The farmers view as to the manner in
•wtiich I>r. Paxton came to his death at
the railroad crossing on his way home
from the patieat on Red House road was
also adopted by coroner and po.ice. There
was no sign of foul play, and if the large
sum of money the doctor had dra\4n from
the bank that day was on his person at
the time of the fatal accident, as it
teemed certain it was. It wa« stolen, un
doubtedly, by some tramps who were the
first to tlnd the docior's bocy. This con
clusion became final when a tramp was
arrested trying to dispose of the doctor's
watch, taken from the body where It had
been tossed by the locomotive.
III-AN INTERRUPTED HONEYMOON.
Donald Bunton, the money-lending
fi.rir.er, regretted bis son's success in
town as postponing the day when, he be
lieved. Isaac would return to the farm
end take up Its and his father's growing
affairs. They had quarreled of late about
Isaac's business, «.*j>ecially since specu
lation had enured into it Isaac kn<vv
that his father was rich enough to have
spared him that day the money he ob
tained from L>r. Paxton. but the thought
of borrowing from him had not entered
his mind. He knew that a request to his
father for help would be fruitful only In
more acrimonious discussion. But if he
would return home— all would t>e his.
"When Isaac comes horn*." the faiiier
would say, "this county will put In Its
claira for the congress nomination. He'll
come back to the farm. He'll soon tire
of foolish town ways."
On that night Donald Bunton. dreaming
his only dream, as he sat In the lonely
dining-room after his lonely "upper, re
solved when next month's Thankogiv ng
day should agaJn_brlng_hii ion under th«
old roof to be kinu.ier; to urge hi* own
age. his growing affairs rather than his
objection to' town life as a reason for
hastening the homecoming. He liked
Isaac's wife, and Daisy was the one per
son he indulged and petted. The house
6hould have grand improvement.* lor
Isaac. anJ for Daisy the home life should
be altered as* she commanded. He was
reused from h!s dreams by a knock at the
door, and when he opened it he cried
aloud: "Isaac, you've come back, my
con."
"Come back, father?'
"I mean— I must have been dreaming.
It is late— past nine— «h?" He gianc^d
from the clock to his son. on whose ta.ee
the wood ftre lifc-ht shone brightly.
"Isaac, what Is ii? Carrie. Daisy?"
He showed his father the telegram and
told him of the embezzltm.nt of the min
isu-r's salary. There was no need to tell
him cf Harry Lawton's character. The
old man had occasionally seen Harry in
the coal office, and had instinctively dls
lik«d the young man so violently that he
was h luso'.f surpris >d at it. In his mini
he always compared Harry to the weak
kneed colt, or the rickety calf, it was his
rule to sell or kill, young, as not being
worth the cost of raising.
When his son's etory was finished! the
old farmer leaned far ever in his chair.
g&Tirg steadily at the fire and several
minuses passed before he said, as if
th;n»;r.g aloud. "The d.spatch was sent
fr L m ot;r station. I can learn all about
it from ihe station master, and likely get
a notion wtuie they are."
"That's it!" the son exclaimed. "When
I find him. I'll scare him into silence;
thr«aien him with arrest. He's as easily
frightened as a girl."
"He must be bought oft," the farmer
declared.
Isaac started at the words.
"He must be paid to desert her so that
we can get the divorce. I can get it in
this county and keep It quiet, too."
"Father, I came away wiihjut any
money, and I could not draw -that Is "
"Money?" Interrupted the old man. He
did not notice his son's embarrassment,
but took from his pocket a package of
money. "1 was In town to-«lay, Isaac.
They told me at the bank that you'd be
in toon, but I couldn"t wait, as I'd prom
lsea to make a loan here to-day. I drew
$5003 at the bank and loaned 3-000 of it
here this afternoon. The other J3i>00 I
promised to a man from up county to
morrow. Pait of it will do him at pres
ent. I've money enough, and glad to
spend It to get our little girl shut of that
smirking cub!"
The r.ext morning Donald Bunton went
to the station early and talked to the
agent about some shipments. He rope to
go. after a method cal adjustment of the
business, but turned and said carelessly.
"Any news, Hiram?"
"Nothing paiticular this morning.
BQuire. Oh," he addtd, ' gi.es • s me tr.end
oi Ike's was marned soinewhtres around
here yesterday."
The agent was talking to the station's
largest shipper, and an old friend. Un
der *uch circumstances telegraph mes
sages ate not always In v tola ..e. The
agent told the story: As the s.x-thlrty
train halted a passenger standing on a
car blaiform had handed a messaee to
the agent with the money to pay for it.
He. H.rain, had read it, "seeing as it was
for Isaac," and given it to the operator
to send.
"Who was it, you say, gave the mes
eag*?"
"Wa'n't no name signed to It. A c'.ty
Jake, with skin like a woman's, and a
little mustache all waxed up. Ike's
friends mutt have money to throw away
when they'll spend £5 cents Just to tell a
man that they're married."
"No telling what town folks will do.
Good-day, Hiram."
The six-thirty train? Its last previous
stopping ctace was Lime Ridge. That
was probably where they were married.
The ntxt considerable town beyond
Round Valley was Portage. That was
probably* where they were going. Soon
after hearing the station-master's story
Donald Dunton took train for Lime Ridge
and Isaac for Portajre.
Donald Bur.ton went to the office of the
Lime Ridge Justice, who. It chanced,
owed his place to the politically powerful
farmer He remained with the Justice
half an hour and left him. satisfied that
no one else would know, "for the pres
ent," of a marriage ceremony performed
in his cottage the evening before; nor
would tlie fact of the marr.age be made
of record "for the pre.ent."
Isaac Bunton reached Portage a little
before noon. This was a town of Beveral
thousand Inhabitants, a considerable ship
ping point on the canal, the county seat,
a busy, tprightly place with a pretentious
shopping f.reet, aiong which the mer
chant walked on the way to the principal
hotel. He had never in his life felt such
nearly uncontrollable anger as when he
hurried . along. " hoping— and dreading— to
find Daisy at the hotel. He muttered to
himself that when he should see Lawton
he must refrain from violence— even in
speech— if the main object of his expe
dition, a prompt, quiet dismissal of the
hustand, was to be accomplished. He
was training phrases it would be most
politic to use. when he saw them coming
out of a Jewelry store. Daisy was eager
ly examining their purchases, as they
tumid up In the streot&heau 1 of him. but
Mr. Bunton counted J500 into the clerk s
hands. "There Is ~~ a Y train," ' h« said. "go-
Ing south .very soon. '\ You will, go on
that." • * "-¦¦•;:
"May I tea Daisy?" Harry asked
faintly.
Mr. Bunton picked up the Tallse, an old
fashioned black leather caae, on whoe'e
metal clasp he chanced to notice the
owner's initials roughly scratched, and
handed It to Harry without a word. The
young man sighed; he had hoped for the
emotional satisfaction of a. parting from
his bride.* He believed— knew— that she
would promise to wait for him, would as-
sure him of her belief in his Innocence,
would, certainly weep and embrace him.
and ha would tell her that he was mak
ing the sacrifice for her sake, and then
tear himself away with a heroic speech."
His poor, unstable wits were framing
such a speech in the came fragmentary
way that he was thinking of the pleasure
he would buy with the money he still
held in his hands. But the significant ac
tion of the merchant recalled him to a
dismal sense of his peril. He put the
money in his pocket and walked out of
the room, carrying the black leather va
lise. .
Mr. Bunton waited for some time for
Daisy to appear. He expected that she
would' come as soon ts she heard 'the
noise -of the departure. • He dreaded an
other Interview with her, since the rev
elation of her character the first inter
view had made. His experience with Har
ry, had been Just what he had expected,
for he, had never been in any doubt of
that young man's moral weakness." He
had read him, as he did most men. cor
rectly, except that If he had been called
upon to consider the matter he would
have thought that Harry did not have
courage to steal. He was confident that
his threat would effect its purpose with
him; that no prompting of
greed or want would embolden Harry to
attempt to assert himself as Daisy's hus
band or to becoma troublesome as a
threatening beggar after the divorce. But
Daisy? She had astounded him. He had
taken It for granted that his admission
of guilt would make her turn on her hus
band with indignant loathing. Her unex
pected attitude amazed and troubled him.
But/after the first relief that Daisy did
not at once appear and demand an expla
nation her father -began to feel nervous
that she did not appear. There was no
¦ound whatever from her room. Could
she have fainted? A sudden worse fear
sent him with a bound to the door. Ho
opened it and looked into the room.
Daisy was seated In a deep, old-fashioned
rocking chair, but so motionless that he
stepped forward fearsomely, lest his sud
den thought should prove to be true. Ho
smiled grimly, though, when he | stood
close by her side; her feet were resting
on the hearth of: a small box stove In
which a low wood fire was burning; her
right hand lay in her lap, loosely hold
ing a novel; her left hand rested over an
open box of candy oh the window sill,
and she slept peacefully. •
He stood by her side many minutes mo
tionless, silent: but there were tears In
his eyes. She was only 17 .'and she slept
bo quietly, looked much younger. He
could almost see— could fully realize— her
baby face, as he had often watched it in
Infant sleep, and he knew that he would
give all else that he valued on earth to
efface the last day of her life— almost
wished that her profound sleep was her
last, profounder one. He sighed, per
haps, for the girl awoke, smiled, and said.
"Oh, Is It you, papa? Where is mamma?"
Then he sobbed, and she sat up with a
B'art, and said in a very different- tone,
"Where is Harry?"
"Gone? Where?" '.¦.-¦¦
"Gone away. He has left you."
"I don't .believe it!" she cried. Jump
ing to her feet !n a rage. "If he has you
have sent him away. You have frightened
him. He must come bacK— I will sro to
him.";;.;; ¦ *
Then her father said what he hoped he
would not have to say: "He has accepted
a bribe to desert you, Margie; and to es
cape the penalty of his. theft." '
"1 don't believe you! -You're lying to
me!" ' ¦'-•. '"\-
"Margie! . Oh. Margie!? He stared at h!s
child, frightened: then sudden'y. held out
his hands to her. But sue turned from
him, and went to the window, where she
ftood tapping the pane with her fingers;
and would not answer when he spoke to
her. He did not reprove her. but said,
over and over, how unwortny Harry was
of her; how weak; foolish, yes. and crim
inal. He, her father, would forgrive her—
had forgiven hnr— for her mistake, the
error of her ignorance and inexperience;
and thev would all, ner mother, father,
grandfather, treat her as if this had not
happened. -It would be forgot by them
and no one else would know.
But she would not answer nor look at
him; nor when, soon after, her grand
father came and took her in his arms
and petted her, did she. speak to him. She
did not once speak on the!r Journey back
to Round Valley.
At the farm Mrs. Bunton was waiting
for them and Daisy ran to her weeping.
They were together In the mother's room
for an hour, while Isaac waited alone in
the cold, stiffly furnished parlor.
He had been sitting in the dark and
when his wife came to him he rose to
light a lamp\ but she took his hand quiet
ly and led him back to his chair, sea tins
herself near him and holding both of hU
hands as he told her every detail of his
story from the tlms he left her the even
ing before. It was a minute after he had
concluded before she said softly, "Isaac,
do you striousiy think that you and fath
er Bunton cah go on with this plan— get
a separation, a divorce?"
"Why not?" he asked in a surprised
"Why not!" she repeated. "Why, Isaac,
what can you be thinking of? Daisy will
never consent to this. She will never agree
to this: She will never agree to give up
Harry."
"Carrie! Give him up? He has given
her up. He has deserted her."
"She will find him wherever he Is. She
can never be convinced that he has de
serted her— it would make no difference.
She loves him."
"Loves him!" he cried in angry amaze
ment. "The man Is a thief."
"She does not believe It. She loves him."
"Loves him! after he has taken a bribe
to run away from her— the sneak!!'.
"She .does not believe that he has run
away. She loves him.'! ¦
' "Carrie, In the .name, of ¦ heaven, how
can you talk like that?" He threw her
hands away from him and started to his
feet. : . •¦>'
« "Listen, Isaac," she raid, patiently
drawing him to his chair again, but not
again taking his hands.. "You and father
Bunton have made your plans as if you
had a child— a baby— to deal with. Daisy
Is a woman. She is in love. No, don't
go away. You must hear me, or you will
only make matters worse, bring more
suffering, more trouble to us all. If you
do not understand what I, understand —
that Daisy can no more be made to see
any of this matter as you do than the
blind can be made to see, or the dead
to speak." ¦
He felt her sob, and some of the anger
that had possessed him all day passed
from him, and he realized with a sudden
softness of his heart something— not
much— of the tender consideration he
owed to the faithful, unquestioning love
which was here, which sometimes he for
got was so near to him. He drew her
•chair close to his and put h!s arm around
her and thought of the pretty little school
teacher she was when' he met and Impet
uously* wooed and won her. He had loved
her then; had believed that, he could not
live without her;- and she had loved him
— but he' was an honest,, brave fellow;
hopeful,, courageous. Independent—wor
thy of a good woman's ' love. "Carrie,"
he said, "It can't be possible that Daisy
cares so much for Harry that she will
not agree to our. plan to end .'this misera
ble business, ", when she has had a day or
t.vo to consider—^o realize what a worth
less scamp he* is."
"I wish I could think so," she an-
It was not until he sat before the fir*
thinking of the sad news his wife had
brought, that he recalled for the first
time the deed to Dr. Paxton which Harry
Lawton still had with him, presumably.
It was to overtake Harry that he started
by the first train the next morning.
"Isaac." said the old farmer gravely,
"is it any business that I can do for you?
You should be at the funeral. If you can."
"I know, father— thank you. But I must
attend to thl* myself."
"I know. Carrie. Of course. I am sorry,
but I can't go to the funeral. I must go
down the valley. There is some business.
Wry Important. I must attend to It at
once. To-morrow."
"That is what he" told me, Isaac Nor*
Grace; she was out. and Howard had not
returned, when the doctor left the house
on that visit. What » Is It. Isaac? You
could not have done anything for them
that others have not" done. Every one is
as kind as can be."
She told the story of the accident at
the railroad crossing by which Dr. Paxton
met his death, and her hearers listened
with expressions of sorrow, for the doc
tor bad been a favorite of the elder man,
as well as his son's close friend. They
had moved away from the table and were
seated before the wood fire, when Isaac
startled the others by abruptly Jumping
to his feet and exclaiming. "Howard, you
say. had not seen his father since the
morning?"
"Oh. Isaac:" nhe exclaimed, tears start-
Ing again to her swollen eyes. "Have you
not heard?"
rwered. "But yor>-we— mast fac« the
fact that It la useless^to expect Daisy to
see. tills In any other way than she- does
now. • To try to convince her by talking
would be like talking to a mother of her
baby's Imperfections— she only loves It
the mqre." She paused, and then added
sadly. "Isaac I think there la something
of mother-love In Daisy's feeling toward
Harry. When they were children, and he
would have no playmate among boys,
Daisy petted him as if he were one of her
big dolls. And now— why, Isaac, she can
no more think that you intend to keep
Harry away from her Ions than she ever
thought that I would keep, one of her
dolls If I took, It away from her to pun
ish her for some little offense."
The can groaned in spirit at this fur
ther revelation of his child's character;
groaned that his wife appeared to nee no
tragedy In the revelation. He tried not
to bcirfeve. ¦" *J**"
"But. Carrie." he sa!d, "when Daisy
knows how disgraceful " ••£' ,
"liaac. don't you understand? .. Daisy
will" not think of him as disgraced; she
thinks him a martyr. You cannot awak
en a suspicion «of him in her mind. Sue
loves him. New you start again In an
gry surprise. There is nothing to surprise
you or any one. in Daisy's attitude. It
la the world-story, the story which can
not contain an improbability— scarcely an
impossibility— the story of a woman's
lore." 1 ". ' '\ *i.
"But he Is a thief!" cried out the man,
his anger again possessing hiw.
! "His being a thief Is no crime against
Daisy." said the woman. "He has com
mitted a crime against you. against the
State; not against her love. Convince
her that he stole and you have only con
vinced her that he did a desperate thing
out of love for her. Isaac, she la our
child and has something of both our na
tures. You have never abandoned any
purpose upon which your heart was set.
She la your child. When the has one*
loved— oh. Isaac, she it my child, too!
Think— if It Is possible even to think It!—
If you should steal; would I not lore you
then as now— as always t"
Ho put h!3 arms around her and tried
to comfort her, for now she brok» down
and wept aloud. •¦."• r> '''¦¦¦'¦
Some time after they had Joined the old
farmer In the dining-room Mrs. Bunton
said with a sigh. "Poor Grace and How
ard! You. at least. Isaac, must go baclc
to-morrow to the funeral.
Her hustand stared at her, shocked.
"The funeral?"
THE SUN DAY CALL.'
2THE SUNDAY. CALL.
groaning of riven timber, the snapping of
¦teel, as th.e cars, which had dashed to
the bottom of a deep ravine, settled still
farther In their shapeless, twisted 'mass.
Then oame the first cry of pain; others,
and soon the ravine was filled with an
awful chorus of cries, prayers, com
mands, shrieks and groans. Some nas
sengers crawled from the wreck, unhurt,
unscratched even, but madmen; others
bruised, broken, bleeding, surveyed the
scene, and were calm commanders. These
organized the less calm into rescue gangs;
and soon their work was lighted by a
blaze that urged them on with fury of
endeavor— the wreckage was afire!
Some time afterward— months— when It
had ceased to be a sleeping and waking
nightmare to him, Harry Lawton be
lieved that he never lost consciousness.
His first thought was that the mass of
wreck was shifting, settling, and that a
pressure across his legs was becoming
greater. He moved his legs and cleared
them; a ehort piece of timber which
pinned the man in the scat with him
came partly over his chest, too, but he
squeezed out from under it. He crawled
through an opening, and found himself on
a pile of shapeless material that in the
dim light bore small resemblance to cars
— a torrent's driftwood, rather. He clam
bered down, and was neon standing in
Icy water up to his knees. It was then
that the scene began to glow; and some
fleeting thought of what the horror was,
what it was to be. flashed through his
mind, and he ottered a. scream so terrible
It frightened him, and he listened to hear
it repeated, not knowing that it was his
own voice. He dashed across the creek,
climbed a high bank and then turned
and looked back. He saw the broken
bridge, the lights of the express train
that had b topped on the opposite Bide;
saw men from that train hurrying to the
aid of the wreck; saw the flames leaping
high, to cut short the work they lighted.
Then he wondered how he came where
he was. turned and wandered away,
laughing at times, then crying, but al
ways wondering how and why he, poor
Harry Lawton. came to be wandering
through the fields at night, and so cold!
The train which Harry saw standing on
the opposite Bide of the river ravine was
the express, which had followed his train,
and which would have 6oon passed it on
a siding. Among the first express-train
passengers to clamber down the bank
and help In the work of rescue was Isaac
Bunton. He was practical, Btrong and
commanding; and was soon directing the
work: asking nothing of others in which
he did not help; cautioning all to be care
ful to preserve every article In or near
the bodies of the dead, and particularly
of those unfortunates who had been in
the cars where fire had done the saddest
havoc. Before daylight a train came with
surgeons, nurses and officials of the rail
road. A list of all the saved was made.
Harry Lawton's name was not among
those. Then the identification of the dead!
One poor blackened thing that had been a
human being was taken from what had
been the right side of the day coach, near
the middle of the car; no other passen
ger seemed to have been In that seat.
••Anything to identify It by?" an official
asked. Isaac Bunton listened for the re
ply "Nothing but the handle of a valise,
gripped In the half-burnt nand. and the
metal oart of the valise clinging to the
handle." . .,
"There may be a name on the metai,
suggested Mr. Bunton.
An attendant cleaned the blackened
metal while another held cio«e a light.
"The initials 'H. L.' are scratched on It.
6i "It was Harry Lawton of White River,"
said Mr. Bunton. "A short time before I
took the express I saw him seated in the
day coach, on the right hand side. of the
car and alone In the seat. I happen to
Know that he carried a valis* with the
initials of his name scratched on the
metal near the handle. He was a clerk in
m "Can you give me the name of any one
we should notify— as to the-«r— remains?
said the official.
"He had no relatives that I know of,
Mr. Bunton replied. "I shall take It as a
favor if you will see that the body has
proper burial, and communicate with me
in regard to the entire expense." He gave
the official his card.
The official read the card by the light
of a lantern he carried and bowed respect
fully, for the newspaper of his town had
just reported in a prominent article that
Mr. Isaac Bunton of White River was the
heavy purchaser of pig Iron, the timeiy
sale of which would enable the local fur
nace to proceed at once with the prom
ised addition to Its works, an improve
ment which would greatly benefit the
town. So the official respectfully said he
would attend to any matter Mr. Bunton
Intrusted to him, and Mr. Bunton went
to the train that was to carry him back
to his widowed daughter; thinking of the
horror of the fire In the wreck; the fire
¦which had destroyed the lives of so many;
consumed their baggage — even the
clothes they wore— and everything their
baggage and pockets, contained. Such
a thine as a deed, for example.
V— THE SEA-FOOD MAN.
It was but two or three miles to the
little village nearest the scene of the train
WTeck, but It was after daylight when
Harry Lawton, half . dazed, weary and
frightened, reached it Already the news
of the disaster had aroused the inhabi
tants, and those who had not hurried to
the wreck were at work preparing the
church for use as a hospital, under in
structions sent by the Burgeons, who
found that many of the injured could not
at once be taken on the longer Journey
to the larger town some miles beyond.
Harry p purposeless, except as to get as
far as* possible from the scene, of the
wreck and his pursuing employer, would
have hurried raet the gathering at the
church— In whose burial ground, a few
days later, was placed a stone inscribed
with his name— but that a kindly old
dame EDoke to him.
"You are hurt, sir. Could you have
come from the accident?"
"I am not hurt," he replied.
"Why, mister, look!" and she touched
his cheek and pointed to the front of his
overcoat — both bloodstained. "Come," she
said, "there's no aoctor here, but we can
dress those cuts; they're not much, I
hope."
Harry followed her into the church,
where she bathed his wounds, cuts made
by flying splinters, while others stood
about and asked questions. He could not
have told much had he wanted to. He
gave his name as Harry Lambert, and
his home as the town he had left the
evening before, and said that he must
hurry on — it was Important. He grace
fully took the hot coffee offered, and with
bis cuts simply dressed by the good dame,
went on to the station; though his nurse
urged him to wait until the doctors came,
for there was one cut. deeper than the
others, that troubled her. It was noth
ing, he said; though as. he spoke the
wound— It was on his right cheek, near
the corner of his mouth— numbed his face
and tightened his lips oddly.
He was in New York the next day, in
a cheap little boarding-house, where a
woman brought him his meals, for he
could not leaye his bed. He was wholly
exhausted, and the hurt cheek pained
him, but he would be all right, he eald,
In a few days, and the woman seemed to
be glad to serve him, he was so gentle
and grateful. His manner with women
made many of them compassionate him,
and here, in the dingy boarding-house,
the hard-working mistress petted the
stranger and made much of him without
reasoning why. He would not have a
doctor. "And no reason you should,"
poor heart," the woman said, "for that
cut is nearly healed, and Is leaving a
dimple of a scar." I '
"But what is it doing to my lips?" Har
ry asked.
"Nothing," she replied. Then after a
pause, looking at him closely, VDidn't
you always smile, all the time?"
"I— I— guess not,", he said, and hit eyes
and bro.ws were not smiling now, though
his lips were— and always would bel
Harry found that he had, besides his
collection of Jewelry, nearly $300 In mon
ey, but no clothes except those he wore
in the train. They were !n bad condition,
and the overcoat, was pierced by splin
ters. Its front stained with^ his blood.
The woman said she could put It In- good
enough shape for him to wear when he
went to buy more clothes, and he began
emptying Its pockets, for her to take it.
In an Inside pocket he found— what had
not been in his mind since he took It to
deliver to Dr. Paxton— the deed. He
turned pale at the sight of it, and trem
bled bo that the paper dropped from his
hands. "What Is it. dear?" she asked in
alarm. .
He sat down weakly— overcome, for the
events of his last days in JVhite River
had already become vague In his bewil
dered mind, but the Bight of the docu
ment brought all his fears back with ex
aggerated force, and he, looked in such
dread that the woman— she was not old.
nor unattractive— fastened the door and
sought to reassure him. "Tell me, Har
ry." she said. "I know there's some mys
tery. I'll not betray you. What is the
paper?" . ' ,
It was his nature to be confiding, and
especially to women, but his fear made
him cautious, even to this poor woman,
who, he knew, loved him.
"Not now." he said. 'Take the coat and
clean and mend it. and we'll go out for
some new clothes and a hat for you,
Katie. And well go for dinner, and to
the theater. I'd like to go. to one of the
bright, gay plays you've told me of.
He could not decide for a long time
what to do with the deed. He tried to
read its contents, but the tedious phrase
ology tired him and he could not under
stand its meaning. He thought to de
stroy it, but then, he thought that If Mr.
Bunton should ever overtake him— he pic
tured him always as in pursuit with an
officer, as he had last aeen him at the
station— his failure to produce the deed
might make his punishment greater.
Then, with a fleeting boldness, he thought
that the paper might be a shield against
Mr. Bunton f s wrath. Anyway, he would
keep it conceajed; that would be the
safest way. He had the woman open the
lining of the overcoat when she returned
with It and sew the deed securely within.
They went to a theater that night, and
Harry was Intoxicated with the glory of
lights, music, scenes and beautiful wom
en. He had never dreamed that such vis-
Ions could be realized. His companion
called his attention to one woman who
had but a small part in the entertain
ment but for whom the audience— even
the others on the stage— had lively re
gard. Her few entrances and conspicuous
scenes were loudly applauded, but she
took all these evidences of popularity
with her habitual pose of indifference.
She wore many rich Jewels, and her cos
tumes were notably richer than those of
more prominent performers. - 1 "- : - • -'
"Yes," whispered Harry, "I've been no
ticing her all the time." f
"Oh, have you?" his companion said,
trying to laugh. But she was miserably,
unhappy during the rest of the perfonn
ar.ee.
Harry, fashionably dressed .now, haunt
, ed the theater and restaurant district of
Broadway. He found a society ready to
welcome him, and he had both the dis
position and the manner of i making
friends, which helped him to a place in
that society which, easy and careless as
is its scrutiny of credentials, some men
find closed to them. He was_not a spend
thrift, except in the matter*of purchases
for personal adornment, and his store of
money teok him farther than ten times
the amount might have taken another,
and he was soon established as a recog
nized character In the district. He was
called "Smiling Harry."" Whether he
wished to or not, he always smiled, for
the wound In his cheek, though it left but
a dimple of a scar, had, for lack of proper
surgical attention, brought about a slight
rictus, which fixed his weak, pretty mouth
in a perpetual smile. And this was more
conspicuous since, with a notion of con
cealing his Identity, he had shaved oft his
mustache. He did not make many friends
among men. though many asked him to
supper parties at the gay restaurants pat
ronized by the lesser women of the thea
ters and their escorts. He was such good
company, could do so many clever tricks
with one's rings or watch, and had a
simple store of old-fashioned riddles that
made his men companions laugh at him,
if not at his wit. One night the famous
beauty he had noticed at the theater
Joined the party where Harry sat at sup
per. She was coolly, perhaps one should
say Insolently, indifferent to the eager
welcome and attention of the other men,
but looked with undisguised Interest at
Harry. When he ended a story he was
telling, the woman, not smiling, leaned
over the table, touched the scar on hla
cheek with hei* finger tips and asked,
"Where did you get that?"
"I mustn't tell you where." he replied.
"But I'll tell you why: always to have a
smile for you."
He was never doubtful of himself with
women, and now smiled at her as frankly
as a child might have smiled at her for
her beauty. She kissed the tips of her
lingers and again touched the scar with
them. "You are the man they call Smil
ing Harry?" she asked.
"My name is Harry Lambert," he said.
"Have you seen me— at the show?"
"Yes."
"Will you take supper here to-morrow
night with my crowd?"
"Yes."
A man now came over from the table
she had deserted, and she rose and left
the restaurant with him. The other men
at the table treated Harry with more
consideration after that.
Not only on the next night, but on
many others, Harry was a . guest at the
table of Georgle Franklyn— called by her
intimates "Babe." Always the same oth
er man was at the table, but otherwise
the party changed from night to night.
Sometimes Harry was Invited to Georgie's
apartments with a party for supper,
which was sent in from a neighboring
club at the order of the other man. Some
times be would call at her apartments in
the afternoon and they would drive
through the park In her brougham, she
enveloped In rich furs. Once she ordered
the coachman to stop at a restaurant 'in
the park, but as they drew near she saw
the other man entering the restaurant,
and gave a hasty order not to stop.
Harry's money, although he was more
often a guest than a host, was growing
low. \ One night he. was entertaining a
party of friends at' their favorite restau
rant when Georgia and her accustomed
escort entered and she asked, "May we
Join you?'t They were welcomed, but
Harry's heart sank as he saw the waiter
bring the expensive champagne the other
man always drank. When the check for
the amount of the supper bill was laid by
his side Harry turned pare, for it was
more by a considerable sum than he had.
The party was very lively and apparently
no one noticed the host's distress. But
soon Harry caught the eye of Georgle,
and Undirected his attention to her, hand,
with which she seemed to be carelessly
toying with a napkin on the table. It
was slowly pushed toward him, and pres
ently lay. before him. Georgle talked
,with unusual animation, holding general
attention, while Harry, as she plainly
wished him to, felt under the napkin.
Her purse was there, and he cautiously
slipped it into his pocket. Then, with a
sigh of relief, he glanced at her. She
looked like Daisy Bunton.
After that, when the other man was
engaged, or was away from the city,
Harry called at the theater for Georgle.
carried her satchel of jewelry to her
brougham, and drove away with her.
Those were happy months, and proud for
the poor fellow. He saw his name in
some of the gossip papers, always as
"Smiling Harry," and frequently asso
ciated with that of Babe Franklyn. He
moved from his mean room at Katie's,
declaring, when she sobbed that he would
return, no fear, for he loved hrr.
Late *ln the spring the thrater where
Georgie appeared closed and the company
went to London. Geors'e said she would
not go, but the otlnr man said he
thought she had better, go: a season in
London would improve hor art, he
thought: anywey. If sho didn't go she
had a proswet of a lonely summer, as
he would be abroad. So she sailed with
the company, after writing Harry a sor
rowful and misspelled letter, In which
she explained that she was so closely
•watched that she could not see' him
again; that she would gladly die for him,
if she had any other means of support,
and he must always remember his loving
and heart-broken Babe. She married an
English Duke toward the end of the
London season, arid finds it so hard to
support him, that sho has confided to
friends that she Is sorry she did not mar
ry Smiling Harry, who was much less ex
pensive, and, besides, loved her. \
Harry went back to Katie's and helped
about the boarding-house, but she
learned that he was spending the money
he got by pawning Jewelry Georgie gave
him In entertaining other friends, and
Katie sent him away in a rage.
Harry stll. had many friends in the dis
trict of his early triumphs, but they were
mostly young women of meager incomes,
rather accustomed to' receiving, than giv
ing entertainments, * and • his resources
were low. They Were kindly, hearted and
frankly schemed to have, Harry Included
in supper Invitations, more • especially
when to their experienced understanding
it was plain that without a supper so pro
vided Harry would go without any sup
per whatever. More than onfe of these
friends proposed honest marriage to
Harry; but he had never had a word of
the pro^i^ss of Daisy's divorce suit, and
he .was afraid to. make, any manner of
Inquiry, lest "Mr. Bunton should get track
of him and carry out. the purpose—what
ever it may have been— which started him
on the search Interrupted by the railway
wreck. So marriage was out of the ques
tion. Also it began to be out of the ques
tion for him to haunt the restaurants of
the district. Men^tired^ojC including him
in. their partles'.jat^tbeT^urgency, of- -the
.women;., he never, entertained; £thej very
waiters frowned on him, and In" more
than one place he was brusquely told that
the management had instructed that he
was not to be admitted. Harry then
sought other places, of a poorer kind, but
of much the same class; restaurants and
other resorts on the outskirts of the dis
trict, whose patrons, like him, had fallen
to that plane, or had but just achieved it
on an upward progress. There he met
wrecks and half wrecks, who, like' him,
were' drifting.' to' shoals and rocks of
squalor he^as yet i knew nothing "of, and
trim-looking craft that were trying their
sailing qualities in .that shady water, but
ambitious , for • piratical cruises in the
open," 'sunny seas from which winds of
adversity. ..had. .driven, his. badly piloted
bark. Now his companions ' were per
formers in poor places of entertainment;
thieves, If easy opportunity encouraged
their enterprise; pickpockets and opera
tors of small confidence games.
With the criminal element he consort
ed willingly, but no urging could induce
him to Join In their enterprises; for his
fear of the police was Intense and ever
present But he liked the criminals; they
were generous when in luck, . and his
cheerful company was often sought by
them and paid for with a meal or a
night's lodging. He found some employ
ment, too. In the cheap amusement places,
doing his cleight of hand tricks, telling
his poor stories, and even singing the old
fashioned ballads of White River days.
But these engagements did not last long,
because the audiences at such places
where he appeared Insisted on taking him
only as a Joke, to be laughed at and de
rided, no matter how plaintive his song
or how sad his quavering notes. For
there was ever on his lips that quaint,
questioning smile, so when his value as
a butt and byword was exhausted he
was of no more use there as an entertain
er; and from these cheap but recognized
places he drifted to low resorts that pre
tended to be merely drinking saloons, but
were traps for the curious or unknowing.
There women harpies stole from the cas
ual patrons, or men drugged or used more
violent means to rob; and there for a
time Harry— "Smiling Harry"— was one of
the attractions; and he sang as he was
ordered pathetic ballads, for those, with
his accompanying smile, drew most cus
tom from the chance seeker for novelty
and best answered the regular patrons'
standard of humor. But even there nov
elty was required and Harry's attraction
failed. As he had not the courage to
steal nor the wit to beg, he would have
starved had not a young woman, cm
ployed as an entertainer in one of the
cheap but decent places of amusement,
in which he, too, had worked, sought him
in his distress and offered him a home.
It was this woman,- Bessie Day, ' who
suggested to Harry an honest employ
ment. He became a night peddler of crabs
and lobsters. In the : evening Bessie
would /prepare his basket of wares, boll
the crabs and lobsters bought cheaply
Just before the ; markets' closing hours,
arrange them In a basket and cover them
with a' clean towel. When the theaters
were turning out their patrons Into the
streets of his old district, Harry went
forth with his offering to hungry and
thrifty buyers. His cry: "Sea food!" re
peated at frequent intervals, in his plaint
ive voice, became one of the familiar
sounds of the night. Harry liked the
work, because It took him Into the dis
trict which had for him more attraction
than anything else in his life. Sometimes
former companions would hail him and
buy liberally, joking over his new-found
Industry. Most he sold to men and wo-
men hurrying to their rooms for supper,
and among these he established a kind of
regular trade; not all profit, for "some,
when they had no money, would deem it
their right to take, with* a laugh,' from
the quaint character, who always smiled,
though what they took, with- dubious
promise to pay, was Harry's profit for a
night's work. Yet, with profit and loss,
the sea-food man helped at the end of
each week to pay the expenses at
"home." >
Bessie , was not ¦ always employed, * and
-besides her. there was another in the fam
ily to be '.provided • for, a hunchback
younger sister. Nora was a quiet, pale,
weakly little creature, sorrowfully striv
ing not to recognize the world her de
pendence upon' Bessie made her encoun
ter; loving •> the sister whose 'only virtue,
perhaps, was that she loved Nora; hoping
and praying that their* life, might be
changed for the "better; helping all that
her poor strength permitted In the duties
of. the 'pitiful- "home." When- Bessie was
at work Nora prepared Harry's basket
and started him on his night's round, and
called him "Brother Harry. '' .
VI— LULLING A CONSCIENCE.
Dr. Paxton' had been \ as proud of his
motherless children as he was \ fond of
them. He would have liked to see Howard
enter his profession, but when the young
man was graduated from the high school
and asked to be allowed to try > out In
practice his* fancy for writlngthe doctor
gave his consent. Howard succeeded so
well in newspaper work that, even before
his father's death, he was -doing occa
sional editorial work, which was received
with so much favor it promised to ad
vance him to an editorial chair— the goal
of his ambition. Grace, too, had her suc
cess, of which her father and Howard
were vastly proud. She was a student of
decorative designing and had already sold
a design for a menu card at a price which,
she boasted, paid for. all the postage re
quired to send It to the various printers
who had declined with thanks. v '
It was weeks after his father's death
before Howard could give any attention to
the business affairs which the lawyer had
In charge. Then it was but to understand
that the property, after all affairs were
settled, consisted only of the family resi
dence, upon which was the mortgage of
five thousand dollars. The lawyer was
eager to learn for whatpurpose Dr. Pax
ton. had obtained so large a sum on the
day of his death, but Howard could give
him no help In his inquiries. Police in
.vestigation of the matter resulted only In
the conclusion that the doctor's body had
been robbed of the large sum, and all
public interest in the subject ceased
abruptly in the general excitement caused
by the news of the awful railroad wreck/
In which, with a half hundred othersf,
Harry Lawton was supposed to have met
death. '
Engrossed In the first sharpness of their
grief and absorbed In the adjustment of
their lives to their^ new conditions, the
matter of- the mortgage and the ' money
obtained upon it passed from the conjec
ture of Grace and Howard nearly as
wholly as from the public mind. . In the:
following year Howard was advanced to
the promised editorial position, and soon
thereafter a department of paragraphs
and short verses appeared In the White
River Advocate which attracted more
than local attention— was copied from
even by the, great New York dailies.
These Howard carried home for Grace to
see — his. -work looked so much more im
portant there than In the columns of the
Advocate. Among those who congratu
lated Howard on his success was Isaac
Bunton. • ''And always remember, How
ard," he said, "that if you want advice
or* help — in j any business " matter — you
must let me know." . «
¦'.^Thank^ you,"^ Howard "answered, "I
know that! can call on you, my father's
friend; -for; advice, -and > shall do so if
there's, any occasion."
He thought afterward that he might
have asked Mr. Bunton if he could sug
gest what business had caused his father
to give the mortgage; but restrained by
an aversion from opening a discussion
that was as painful, still as it seemed
futile, • he . never made such Inquiries of
the merchant."
It was a subject, however, which was
much in Mr. Bunton's mind. When he
returned home, after passing a day at
the farm on his way back from the
wreck, the bank demanded more security
for the loan on his pig Iron purchase. An
additional $5000 was called for, as the
price of pig-iron had declined half a dol
lar, a ton.. Bunton went to the bank ner
vous and angry. "You know," he said,
"that It's not convenient for me to put
up any more Just now. But let me tell
you this: if you folks aren't disposed to
treat me fairly I'll go elsewhere.- A Pitts
burg bank will take ,eare of my account
and make me a further advance. You
know the one I mean— the one that's go-
Ing to open a branch here."
This threat had its effect, and the presi
dent conciliated. "We don't want to in
convenience you, . Mj. Bunton," he said.
"We supposed that you could easily bor
row five thousand more from your fa
ther."
Bunton stared. It flashed upon him
that the banker took it for granted that
the five thousand dollars Farmer Bunton
drew from the bank was to loan to his
son, Isaac Bunton. "The bank does not
know that I got the money from Doc
Paxton," Bunton thought. "No one
knows!"
The hoom in Iron came, as he predicted,
and Isaac Bunton profited largely. After
closing this, his first . Important specula
tion, he determined to go to Howard
Paxton and offer to repurchase the min
ing land, with an explanation of how the
deed belonging to his father's estate was
destroyed In the wreck, with the faithless
messenger, Harry Lawton. But this plan
was postponed by another opportunity to
use all the capital he could command.
Next year's demand for Iron ore would
be great, and lake freights would be high.
Bunton went Into the speculation boldly,
again using all the money he had, or that
the bank would lend: and freight rates
rose from day to day. His operations at
tracted- the attention of some of the great
men in the Iron trade. It was one of these
who sent for him, and said, "Bunton,
what are you going to do with all these
freight charters?" -
"Sell 'em to you, when navigation opens
In the spring," answered the merchant
boldly.
. . "1 dare say we. shall be . after them."
the dealer replied. "We didn't know but
that some one was - going to open up
that mining land of yours. Oh!" he
added with a smile, as Bunton started,
"that's the game, eh? 1 I made a good
guess. Well, there's iron on ill Rides of
your land. It should be opened up. Have
you formed your company yet?"
The merchant laughed the matter aside.
Some months later the same man again
sent for him and said abruptly, "What do
you want for that Iron land of yours?"
"It's not for sale."
"Oh, come! You bought it for a song—
we've looked that up— and' you've not sold
it, nor organized a company to develop It.
That we know so much shows you how
interested we are in the matter. Now
name a price at which you'll let us have
it, or a control of it." j
"It's not /for sale," the merchant re-
plied, as before.
. ."Why, .^Bunton, > this " Isn't - business.
"We'll give you $25,000 for the land."
"I repeat— the land Isn't for sale at any
price." #
"You are getting to be a pretty hard
bargainer. Wlil you name a price?" -
"No."
"Fifty thousand?"
"No." ',
The Iron man was flushed and eager,
but the merchant -was very quiet — though
unusually pale. The former walked up
and down the floor a number of. times be
fore he paused, and said: "I take it for
granted that you've had a hint of our
plans. I don't blame you for acting on
that. We want that land. I'll tell you
exactly how much we want it. This is
final. We'll give you $100,000 for a good
and clear title. to that land!"
The phrase, "good and clear title." was
used unconsciously, or with no other pur
pose than to give sonorous' emphasis to
the offer, but at the words Bunton started'
and his pale face flushed. "The matter
can be closed up in an' hour," the Iron
man continued, reading supposed, success
In' the other's face. "We've had the title
searched, and. your signature Is all that
we want now."
•'The property is not for sale," Bun
ton said; and added a little huskily, "at
least not now.'.'
After, this Interview Bunton determined
to inform Howard at once of his business
transaction with Dr. Paxton. He was
'troubled when he came to consider "what
explanation he. should make to Howard,
but he felt that no more excuse would-be
needed than the truthful one that he had
sent the deed to the doctor by Harry
Lawton. who had failed to deliver It.
Howard, enriched within a year of his
father's death, would not be inclined- to
ask\any particulars of the affair which
the man who had Induced his father to
make the lucky Investment did not ven
ture to 'give. But there was. another
thing which caused Bunton uneasiness—
the fact that he had allowed the bank to,
suppose that the five thousand he had
obtained from the doctor 'had come from
his father. He felt bitterly toward the
bank". It was its niggard policy that
made it necessary for him to part with
the land, which was now worth a for
tune. And, too, it was its stupid assump
tion as to the source of the $3000 that had
first prompted him to delay. a settlement
with the heirs when he went Into . the
freight charter speculations. Well, there
was but one thing for him to do now—
make a transfer to the heirs of the land,
for, of course. It would be dishonest to
offer a return of the purchase price, even
I though Howard was ignorant of the
s wonderfully advanced value of the land/
But Howard was not Ignorant; nor was
any one else in the town, for the fact
that Isaac' Bunton had refused a very
large sum for some Michigan iron land
was a news item in the papers. Bunton
was congratulated when he went to the
bank, and before he could deny his own
ership he realized that he was in unu
sually good standing there; that" a re
quest he expected a reduction of his over
draft at the bank was not made. This
was fortunate; It permitted him to under
take, another enterprise of profit which
he feared he would have to abandon. So
he concluded to defer his business with
Howard, who would not suffer by the de
lay.
Time and again that settlement was
put off. Bunton rapidly, became an op
erator of note In iron and coal. Ills
knowledge of the market was keen, his
Judgment sound and hla movements bold.
Soon there j arose frequent occasions for
.visits to New York, for his affairs had
j become profitably Involved with iron men
* of national importance.' One of these said
to him once: "Bunton, lhat mining land
of yours, if things keep on developing at
their present rate, will be the key to a
deal in Iron that's going to be. the big
gest Industrial the world has ever, known.
You were a lucky man to get an Inkling
of what's going on before you were oN
fered $100,000 for land. I guess you don't
need any advice, but If you do take this:
Just smile at any one . who offers you
$500,000-$1,000.000— for If the combination
that's afoot goes through, the Big People
—you know who I mean— have simply got
to have the ore they know is in your'
land. Without it they can't control tfie '
ore situation to* the extent they must to
make their deal a cinch."' .
. - VII-OFP.TO NEW YORK.
Daisy Bunton Lawton was not one to
spare or govern her emotions. Her grief
and rage possessed her In quickly suc
ceeding, passionate outbursts, which her'
mother - and grandfather could not con
trol. When her father returned to the
farm, a few hours after his telegram tell
ing of the death of Harry, she refused
to see him, passionately exclaiming that
he wan the cruel cause of the death of
her husband. She became ill, and the
country doctor advised that she should '
be taken South for the winter. This ad
vice was readily adopted because Daisy
declared that, she would not yet see her
father.
' While his wife and child were In the
Bouth Isaac Bunton rented and prepared
for them a new home, a larger house in
the pretentious' part of town, the district
known as the Heights. The older and
richer families of White River, with
whom the Buntons bad had but little so
cial relation, congratulated him upon this
move. He heard expressions of satisfac
tion that they were to have the pleasure
of adding the ladles of his family to their
social circle. Knowledge of his financial
success was not confined to distant cities;
he was a prophet not without renown In
his own country, and his countrymen re
joiced In his prosperity— likewise his coun
trywomenT
With newly enlightened views of his .
daughter's character, Isaac made much.
In his letters to his wife, of these cor
dial expressions on the part- of the aris
tocracy of White River; and his device
was not without results. Daisy noticed,
with a cynical enjoyment, the promised
social conquest of the Heights, and late
In the winter suddenly announced to her
mother that she would like to return
home and see what her father had really
done for her comfort and pleasure.
- The Heights experienced • a . sensation
that winter. The Buntons entertained on
a scale, that was dazzling; parties boldly
given for the sole purpose of dancing, not
with that dissipation as a scarcely
acknowledged indulgence, and with pro
fessional musicians to play for the danc
ers; dinners, at which Daisy and her
mother appeared at their own table in
costumes theretofore known in White
River only through the Illustration of
fashionable events in the great cities; af
ternoon teas, where the ladles who
brought their sewinc found that they
¦were awkwardly overburdened. Daisy
was. the moving, spirit In these social in
novations—revolutions—and laughed at the
fears of her mother that the Heights
would be scandalized.
"Not while every one Is saying that papa
is sure to be. the richest man. in town,"
Daisy replied with a light laugh. "A year
ago we were glad to be invited by the
poorest people on the Heights; now the
richest are glad to be invited by us. It's
the only thing that amuses me— to see
them make fools of themselves over me
because I am an heiress! I like to see
them toady, and laugh In their faces. It's
good fun.'.'
Had the only thing that amused Daisy
been . even more extravagant and" uncon
ventional. Judged by White River stand
ards. Mrs. Bunton would have offered no
protest, for the haunting fear of her days
and nights was a return of that awful
mood In which her daughter had shaken
their, hearts In the first days of her
widowhood. There were yet days when
she . would see neither her father nor
mother; when a passion of tears and la
mentations for her lost love would pros
trate her by their fury. Toward her
father her attitude of cool Indifference
never changed. Toward all other she was
capricious.
One of Daisy's caprices was directed
against the Paxtons; with unaccountable
obstinacy, unless it was that her pride
had been offended by the attention of one
John Worthlngton Jr. of New York, paid
to Grace Paxton. For a time after their
return from the South Daisy and her
mother saw much of Grace, on the old.
simple/terms of former years; for Grace's
mourning kept her from participating In
the Bun tons' newly Inaugurated gran
deur. But there came an abrupt end to
all visits between them. Refusing her
mother's request to call on the Paxtons
one evening In the old homely manner.
Daisy added. "And I don't see why we
should have Grace and Howard here any
more."
"Daisy I" her mother cried In dismay.
"Well, why?" the girl Insisted. "Even
when they're out j of mourning they'll
not entertain us as we entertain. Let
them come under the rule of our life here
—social entertainment Is an even ex
change."
"But the Paxtons— our oldest friends!"
pleaded the mother.
"Daisy's right." Interposed Mr. Bunton,
emphatically. "I don't see anything
Howard's ever done to make him worth
while."
Datsy had ' made her objection In a
caprice— in pique, at most— but her father
epoke to plainly from deep prejudice that
the girl glanced at him curiously. She
would have changed her mind, perhaps,
and championed Grace and Howard had
not her father added, with a flash of an
ger even she did not care further to
arouse, "I'm tired of this silly praise you
hear all over town of young Paxton's
scribbling. I never want to see him here
again."
During the second year after his
father's- death Howard Paxton's success
as a writer assumed flattering propor
tions. The short articles and verses In
his signed department were more and
more copied, and paragraphs occasionally
appeared in the press concerning the
"White River Advocate man," as he was
usually called in such gossip. In the
White River Club, of which Grace Insist
ed he should become a member, as other
wise he would gradually cease to know
any one but her, he was always Intro
duced to strangers In that manner, to bis
great embarrassment.
. "It's an awful grind, Grace." he would
say to her, "to be pointed out as a town
curiosity and have every man you meet
look at you In a way that shows you he
is waiting for you to say something a la
'White River Advocate man.' "
"Just wait until I'm famous," cried
Grace. "Then you'll see a proper
haughty manner. When I've decorated
the Interior of & town hall or an opera,
house you'll not see me turning the roots
of my hafr red with blushes, the way you
do when any one speaks to you."
"I couldn't stand It at all If it wasn't
that when people meet me that way I al
ways think I'm some one else. When a
man says to me, 'I've enjoyed reading
your column so much, Mr. Paxton. I hopo
y»u'll collect your poems' (they will call
my verses poems) 'and short stories Into
a *ook/ why. I'd curl up. If It didn't seem
to me that they're talking about iom»
one else. But I met one chap to-day, a,
New .Yorker, who's. a brick."
-"What's the name of your brick?"
. "Worthlngton."
"First name, please." said Grace, gasp
ing. ' *
Howard took from his pocket «. card
and read, "John Worthington Jr."
Grace pretended to faint, sha mur
mured. "Smelling salts 1 Save me! Where
Was I? Let me see the card. Slowly— not
all at once." She took the card and read
a penciled list It bore of a half-dozen
New York clubs. "Oh, Howard!" she ex
claimed with dramatic fervor, "you told
me of this too suddenly! John "Worthing,
ton Jr. I What was he like?"
"What the deuce, Grace?" he asked,
laughing at her nonsense. "What's the
row?"
"Howard Paxton, man alrre!" ah* da
claimed, "do you mean to ssy that
you don't know who your brick really
"Of course I know he's Mr. Wortbing
ton of New York, and a mighty xUc«
chap; I said that before."
"Howard, you simpleton! your brick
is the swell Mr. Worthlngton. son of the
great Mr. Worthington— the "young Cap
tain of Industry.' " » •
'.'Captain of fiddlesticks I" commented
Howard. "I tell you he's as simple a
chap as ever was; mighty Interesting;
been everywhere; no nonsense about
him. He's out here trying to buy Mr.
Bunton's famous mining land."
"Do you suppoe* there are two Joha
Worthlngtons, who are both 'Juniors/
and both members of all the swell clubs
of New York? He must be the famous
one!"
Howard began to look frightened.
"Now, Grace, don't you go and scold
me," he said humbly. **Tve went and
gone and invited of that howling swell
'for to take supper with us to-morrow
evening. Be brave, sister; we're in for
it." - ;
"To-morrow evening la chop evening,**
Grace said In a hollow tone. "Tell me
exactly what he's like and I'll decide IX .
chops will do. Joha Worthington Jr.l
Oh!"
'"He's awfully civil; Interested In what
a fellow says, and Interested that you
are Interested In what he says. But I
say." Howard added after a pause," New
Yorkers dine at our supper hour; hadn't
we better skip chop night, and Jump to
steak?"
"Not at alL An 'awfully civil' man
will do very well with chops, potatoes
stewed In cream, gooseberry Jam,' hot
biscuits and tea."
Howard was examining the list pen
ciled on. the card. "He told me that
•when we got to New York he'd put me
up at any of these clubs that Interest
me."
"When we go to New York," murmured
Grace, looking at her brother furtively.
"Are we going to New York, ever, How
ard r*
"Shut your eyes until I tell you to open
them," he said, "and you'll see something
to make you a good little girL"
"See Broadway, and Fifth avenue, and
—and— the School of Design?" Grace asked
eagerly.
"Ob, if I told you you'd be as wise as
I am," Howard said; but In such a way
that his sister's heart beat fast, for their
possible migration to the big city was a
dream she sometimes dared to hope might
come true.
(Continued Next Sunday.)
3The Hudson became another river, the
Palisades on the farther side became a
low. .wooded shore. The breeze which
came from the river seemed heavy with
scent of magnolia. The roan who paced
slowly up and down the piazza was young
again.
At his side there seemed to walk a wom
an, as beautiful and as young as the girl
who had Just left him. But ' the beauty
of this woman was of the South, and her
dress was of the fashion of forty years
ago. The measure of forgetfulness which
time had . granted the man slipped away,
and the, old keen heartache woke once
again to poignant life.
And the man, walking with memories
and ghosts in the pure, calm moonlight,
thanked God that the' heartache was alive
once more.
The girl stepped in through one of the
open windows and the man lit a cigar.
Perhaps it was the moonlight on the
water, perhaps it was the old waltz tune
which floated out of the windows of the
house, perhaps the old memories were
brought up so keenly by the story he had
told the girl on the piazza. Whatever the
cause, the effect was. to carry the mind
of the man back to another time" and an
other scene.
"I meant to have told you this even
ing,", eaid the girl. "Jack says you were
bo good about getting, him appointed to
the academy that we have both felt
grateful to you. But we neither of us
thought 'that, you would be at all inter
ested, in a romance.'
.'.'You do me an injustice," said the colo
nel, with a little dry laugh. "I am always
interested in romance, , for instance, the
one x which I have been Just telling you.
I ; know the man and ¦ have taken a great
deal of Interest In : the case. I shall ad
vise* him* not to propose, to the girl: But
you must permit me to tell you' that I
wish ' you ; all happiness, and that I con
sider Jack a very lucky, fellow."
; "They, are beginning to dance, colonel;
won't you come in with me?" • ;;-,."•
, "Thanks; I fancy my ; dancing days are
over. I think I will stay here and smoke
a cigar."
eyes across the river to where the lights
of West .Point could be seen on top of
the Palisade^.
The man's glance followed hers. Neither
spoke for a moment, and then, with an ef
fort which he hoped was not visible to
the girl, the man said:
"So you are engaged to Jack Carter?
I. thought. I was too old a friend not to
have been told of this before."
lage he had lived in. .There be found that
the woman he loved was dead. Her
mother told him that It had been said
In the Village that he was Killed at Get
tysburg, and that when nothing was
heard of him afterward the girl had died
of a broken heart.
"Memory of the woman he had loved
did not leave him. ' The 'man himself, in
his bitterest moments, never wished for
that.
"The man, as the old memories became
dulled after many years, began to wonder
if it was best for him to always live a soli
tary life. ; \ : Then he began to wonder.; if
he was not in love with a beautiful young
girl whom he ' knew and * then j resolved to
ask her to marry him.' Do you think he
did right?" ; ;
The girl: did not answer for. a moment,
and then she said, in a voice so low and
sympathetic that » you! could : almost £d*»
tect the ring of tears in' it: ¦ • '
"I am thinking of the' woman who died.
I do not believe the man will ever forget
her if he loved her as much as you say.
I know that if I were to die I would want
Jack: to love me always, as the man you
hove told me of loved the woman, and not
to think of another woman."
The girl was looking with tear-dimmed
"This story begin in the same way, Miss
Edith. 'Once upon a time,' nearly forty
years ago, a young man was very much
in love with a very beautiful woman. The
two lived in a little Southern village on
the Mississippi River, and had been play
mates through childhood. It was an un
derstood thing between the families of the
two that the boy and girl should be mar
ried when they were grown. .
"One day a foolish little quarrel came up
between the two young people, and tt was
not made: up as soon as it, should have
been. Perhaps the man was wrong: at
any rate he was heartily sorry afterward
that he did not say he was wrong and
make peace In that way.
"Before the Quarrel wu made up, the
Civil War broke out, and the young man
considered it his duty to go to the front
In the ranks of the Southern army. It
was his luck to see a great deal of fight
ing and to win promotion more than once.
At Gettysburg he was badly wounded and
captured. For months he lay in a hospi
tal, and on his recovery was confined In
a Northern prison until the end of the
war. ¦ ..-..; :;..:.-.:•;.,¦
"When the war "was over he was re
leased and hurried back to the Uttle vil-
lightful stories beginning "Once upon a
time.' " -<~
iy i >— — — <T"~ ~M ES, an old man," Miss
n«£>ijj^VSijnT'|I Edith, who begins to
IST^&^ly H f Cel hl8 &Ke '" Sal<1 th ®
|V**^jW(t?«1b "But you are not old,
r : fe-\!il'r^Sl Colonel Ll3enb y- l am
[(^v£>j^^C^| euro that few of the
i j£[]jSFi'r'" fc "*^*jiiinl| young men of to-day
hold themselves as erect as you do, and
I am quite sure that I have met few of
them who have that graceful, deferential
manner of yours in the presence of
women. I think -you are wrong to say
that all romance must be dead for you,"
said. the girl, laughingly.
Tall, slender and graceful, the youth of
the girl's twenty years showed In sharp
contrast to the fifty odd years of the
handsome, soldierly looking man who
stood at her side.
"When you were younger, Miss Bdlth,"
said the colonel/ "you used to be very
fond of having me tell you stories, and I
think I will tell you one now. If you are
sure It will not bora you." -
"Please do, colonel. I used to think that
there was no one who could tell such de-
(Copyrieht. 1903. by W. C. McClura.)
be shivered to think bow Helen would
figure In such a programme— his dainty
Helen, whom he had always *een in trail
ing gowna,- except for a change to her
spotless yachting suit.
"May I ask," he said, trying to suppress
his rage, "whom you have selected for
me?"
"My cook." said Uncle James, coolly.
"You needn't etart up and snort like a
wild horse! She i» a lndy born, but forced
to earn her bread by reverses. Instead
of pounding on some Infernal piano, or
screeching on the atace. or herding half
a dozen spoilt youngsters as a governess,
Bhe had the sense to take up a woman's
highest profession— cooking."
"Cooking! You have a fine idea of a
woman's ability!" muttered the Boy.
"Certainly 1 have. The good cook con
serves man's Intellectual powers, leaving
him undistracted by dyspepsia or other
nightmares. Since this girl has been with
me my brain has been 60 per cent clearer.
AS to all this rot about woman's com
panionship, I tell you a well-roasted piece
of meat or a light loaf of bread Is a bet
ter stimulant than all the companionship
of the best petticoat going. Look at the
table— beautifully set! Remember the
promptness of our meals for the past
fortnight. She's waiting on the table to
day because the maid Is sick. She's never
sick."
The Boy rose, choking with rage. ,
"Understand me, sir," he said, as soon
(Copyright, 1303. by T. C. McClure).
_. \ m KCLE JAMES helped
W*I -«, J=^^" himself to another por
>JnBfnfc^)iffX, tlon of the very 'appe-
KHpB^-ci T) tlzlng roast chicken be
jVjHu>« Ijj [£ m fore him.
ICjBfor^ V "It's a light meat and
J>JJbmchL»/5^ agrees with me when
TserG^^CL* Properly cooked like
jfe^psSBBg^ag this," he observed, with
the delightful confi
dence moit people have that their indi
vidual tastes are unfailingly Interesting
to every one. "My present cook under
stands meats to perfection."
The Boy. generally referred to by the
ladies of bis acquaintance as "really a
lovely fellow," made baste to agree with
his uncle's estimate. In reality he could
not have told you, whether he was eating
chicken or ham sandwich, his mind being
absorbed by thoughts of momentous Im
portance, all connected with one problem.
"You're not eating." growled bis uncle.
"You've got something on your mind— or
what you call youi\mlnd," he added with
the charming frankness of near rela
tives.
"Helen Vanderveer." blurted the Boy,
his nervousness in this crisis scattering
his diplomacy to the winds.
Uncle James laid down his fork as
hastily as though the tender pullet had
been a setting hen.
"Helen Vanderveer!" he shouted. "Are
you going to marry Into that set of tail
ored Idiots after all I've said to you?"
"If I can get your approval," said the
Boy, meekly. Lot no one think the worse
of him for his humility. He was penni
less, and Miss Vandcrvccr had been curt
ly notified by a very determined pair of
parents that unless she secured a Count
at least ehe r.ecd expect no Income. Van
derveer perr* had waded through much
discomfort to attain his present position
and he meant to fhnw the world that
he was as got.0 ncciaUy as his cheek was
financially.
Thus the outlock ;;;i Helen and the
Boy was depressing. Ur.c!e James was
as determined ax the elder Vanderveer.
"My approval!** he cried furiously.
"Why, vou young Jackass!" That girl
would ru;n you in three months. No, sir,
you shal! bu saved from yourself." He
leaned bark in his chair. "I've chosen
a wife for you mytelf— a woman that will
be the making of you— the kind of'woman
that 'will help to make my old age a
pleasure to both of us."
"You!" gasped the Boy, turning pale.
"You'%-e chosen a wife for me? 1 shan't
marry her!"
"Oh. yes. you will," returned Uncle
James, composedly. "When I adopted
you, a helpless orphan, I said to myself,
'I'll see he gets the right wife'— and you
ehaU have her. with my blessing."
The calm of uesperation came to the
Boy. Rather than give up Helen - he
would Join the "White Wings", and earn
his bread and hers on the street. Then
"Maybe!" muttered the old man. lean-
Ing one . thick shoulder against the wall.
"The Bobby's a weary boy he's told me.
Three . nights now an' not sleepin*
well. 'Dan.' he says to me this noon, 'I
dread the evenln'. 'Tls bard for one pair
of eyes to cover, a mob. Two of us is one
too few,' says he, 'but Mr. Macomber
gives" me the grand laugh, and I'll have
to 'tend bar alone.' And it's so.
"The detective? A needle in a hay
stack! Oh, well, there'll prob'ly be noth
ln' happen. Ah! but to think of Miss
Tina a-leavin" us. And to stop and kiss
old Dan good-by when she starts for the
church— all In her weddln* gown like the
angel she is. A baby when L first come
"Anything go wrong?"
"No, mum— but there's a many people
here.- Most of 'em I know. Borne of 'em
I don't. I'm frettin' lest you may have
something stole, mum."
Mrs. Macomber chuckled. "There isn't
the slightest danger. Dan. What wtth an
officer watching the presents and a de
tective keeping his eye on things, we
needn't worry I guess. Why don't you
go now and get a bit to eat and a cup of
coffee? You haven't sat down since
morning. I'll tell Mary to take your
place." ' ; . "
"No. mum! Not till they're all gone.
mum." V : y
"You're foolish." said the lady, and
moved away.
After the last carriage had rolled away,
another was driven up and the bracelets
worn by the short-haired, hard-Jawed
man, so unceremoniously bundled in, were
not Justina-'s.
No one had seen that heavy, paralyzing
heart blow, nor heard the gasp as the vic
tim sank to hts knees. Some looked back
and shook their heads, unknowingly, to
see good old Dan tenderly supporting the
sufferer, while he called genially across
the hall to the detective, talking to Mr.
Macomber.
"Bracelets'."
The crowd began to thin with Dan's
rapid dispositions. A heavy-set man,
with his overcoat collar high turned to
his ears, pressed close upon the heels of
the Drayton party. There was a sudden
stoppage. Dan's watchful eye narrowed
sharply. The old servant's hand stola
cautiously up the back of the overcoat
beside him to touch the hair and lift It
slightly with an unfelt finger.
"Wig!" he growled to himself, "and
cropped. By—"
"Right along," sounded his pleasant
call, and with the movement his foot
went out. The gentleman beside him
stumbled and clicked his teeth with an
exclamation.
"Beg pardon!" said the butler, and
caught him gently around the body, but
with hands that ran searchingly and
pressed on curious hard knobs.
"Go on, please," entreated Dan calmly,
dropping his right arm and slipping to
the left and forward. "Not hurt, sir, I
hope."
A mumbled "No," with a shake of the
lowered head.
"Do move out." cried the butler more
loudly. "Sorry to seem to hurry yon, but
I want room for this gentleman. He's
fainted."
twenty year ago t» work en the basses.
Liked me, aha did. an' 'twas *DanI Dan!*
till I was like a nurse gal and In the
house helpln*. And me. three months after
a ring fight. 'Twas time I quit— too old—
too old. Lucky I've been to ret where I
cm and no one suspectln'. Still, 'twas an
honest trade, and only now and then I'd
meet a man. A waiter, a coachman, a
trainer, a fighter, a hostler, a nurse gal —
he— he— and now a nice respectable old
butler man mindln' the door and every
thing else. Sure, 'tis a curious round— a
bloomin' queer one. Father a Yankee,
mother English, me born In Australia,
brought up In Frisco, fit In Tfnrtia^ City.
and now for twenty year a New Yorker,
decent and layln* up coin. Dan. you're
not a bad sort, to do so well by your
gray hairs."
These reflections, cut short by a burst
of shouting mirth, a rush «f feet, a
shower of rice and a flying slipper,
changed to swift attention. Dan close!
the portal after the fleeing couple and
watched the scattering to the dressing
rooms, for the exodus was at hand.
"Mr. Hopper's, carriage,"
"Mrs. Cotwayl"
"Now, Colonel Mix."
"What in the wide world ever made you
think of such a gloriously foxy move as
this?" he demanded.
"She's neat enough," he said, coolly.
"With your permission, I'll help her clean
up the dishes after dinner and see what I
think of her."
A few minutes later Helen Vanderveer
and the Boy faced each other in Uncle
James' kitchen with a sink full of dirty
dishes between them.
The Boy, coat off and sleeves rolled up,
was turning the hot water on with one
hand and flourishing a dish mop in the
other.
The Boy attacked his dinner with an ap
petite which be had failed to, show be
fore.
Mary compiled. The Boy. standing
dumbly by his chair, watched her slender,
steady fingers as she served his uncle.
When the girl disappeared Uncle
James demanded triumphantly:
"Isn't she neat and pretty?"
"No, Mary, I didn't ring," said her em
ployer, complacently, "but since you are
here you may lill my glass again wltu
water."
The Boy whirled around to be confront
ed by a slim, demure vision in cap and
apron. The vision Ignored him complete
ly, her eyes being fixed respectfully on
Uncle James. •'
"Did you ring, sir?" she repeated. "I
was sure I heard the bell." • ¦ • •
as he could speak clearly, "that from
now on "
"Did you ring, sir?" demanded a
eweet, familiar voice.
THE REAL TROUBLE WITH DAN
By Elliot WalKer.
"What's the trouble, Dan. Tired out?"
"No, mum."
O^ry r, j NE after another the
*"^Xf~Kl?. "" carriage doors banged
i *yJ&fc&^b&} a nd their black tops
W/^r\^Ml BUstened into distance
'IEtC'I' wlth the 6ound ° f q^^
h W^^H^J^ T trotting hoofs, as the
T^^ffi_jjr"^^ well-groomed horses,
j*r<&%" m r*^*~]3Mii]La sleek and steaming In
the drizzle, hurried impatiently for shelter
and warm blankets.
She who a half hour ago was Justlna
Macomber, now to be known as Mrs. Al
mon Hartwell, stood, bright-eyed and
smiling, by her husband's side. Her hand
ached from many fervent grasps, her
round cheeks blushed from many kisses,
welcome and otherwise. She longed for
the moment when escape would be hers,
and with Almon's arm about her, they
might hear the shutting of another car
riage door, and speed away upon life's
happy Journey.
The man at the door was still busy, al
though that lull had come between gen
eral arrival and departure. At first his
broad, clean-shaven face had borne a grin
of polite welcome. Now it was grave and
worried, and he glanced frequently over
his shoulder to scan the throng crowding
the rooms behind.
Many knew the old family Indoor man,
and nodded at him familiarly, wondering
at his perturbed look. Then his mistress
came ud.
(Copyright, 1903, by T. C. McClure.)
."Why," confessed Miss Vanderveer
laughing and yet blushing a little, "I owe
it all to a sharp tongued old woman on
Hester street. Some of us were down
there slumming, and I carried an arm
ful of flowers. I offered her a rose and
what do you think she did with it?"
"Wore it next her heart forever more!"
said the Boy promptly.
"Not she! She threw it In the dirty
grate, and with arms akimbo delivered
an address: 'I've hearn about you rich
folks,' quoth she, 'how you come nosln'
'round poor folks* rooms, puffing your
selves up that you are teachin' us some
thin'! Teach, indeed! When you know
enough to till a workman's pail with a
decent dinner then, I'll hear to your llower
missions an' your. religions!' -*¦ "
"We got out of there promptly. The
others said they were simply paralyzed by
her Impudenee-^but her words stuck in
my head; I determined to show that old
woman something— and I did. Afterward,
when I found out from you that your uncle
was an economical gourmet, I saw reason
to bless my secret lessons at the cooking
school. J I .am supposed," she added,
laughing, "to be with the De Peystera In
Philadelphia !" x
The Boy dropped the dishmop and
folded her In an ecstatic embrace, from
Which they were . finally aroused by a
sharp voice at the pantry door:
. ''Turn off that water, will you!"
The Boy leaped to the faucet, for the
forgotten dishwater in. tie sink was pour
ing over the edge, sputtering greasily
everywhere. But the gourmet apparently
did not mind.
"You seem to have come to a good
understanding!" he said dryly.
UNCLE JAMES' GREAT VICTORY
By Clinton Dangerfield.
"There was but on© letter In the drawer.**
"You know more about that than I
do," she returned, pointedly. "I wish you
would sit down." Chalmers sat down. "1
have wished to sp t eak with you about this
matter — with your permission."
Chalmers wished she^ would not be so
cursedly courteous.
"It Is but natural that a man should
be demonstrative toward his own son,"
she begaJi. "I have thought you * re
strained yourself on my account. If this
Is true I do not wish It any more; It is
unfair to the bov"—
"Now I beg of you," began Chalmers.
¦ — "to be more kind to him? I fear I
am not very thoughtful of him; I mean
to be."
"You are." he- said. "Why did you
take charge of him? -Because you hated
me utterly?"
"I did not hate you. Perhaps," she said
slowly, "perhaps I did it because of the
love I once bore his father."
"I never told you I was his father."
"You brought him to this house to live
—if I would keep hir*."
"Might not that have been the impuls
ive act of conscious Innocence?"
"Why," she Bald with deliberation,
"men do make fools of themselves occa
sionally, I suppose."
"Why not I. then?"
"I asked you whose child he was and—"
"When I had no ready answer you as
sumed that I was the man."
"You never denied it"
"My God! I can't!" cried Chalmers, ris
ing.
"That Is something to your credit," she
Chalmers, with eagerness In pose and
tone. "Do— <1o we dine together?"
"I dine at home to-night— If you mean
that." she replied.
"Yes; and will you await dinner here?
"'As well bere as elsewhere." she ac
quiesced. Chalmers had a courtly way.
He motioned toward a chair near the lire,
and Mrs. Chalmers caught her breath, as
she alv.nys did when she observed in him
that tone and manner. She hoped Chal
mers' mind was on something else.
"Well, sir?" 6aid Chalmers, looking
over her head at Norman.
The boy had been standing quite apart,
watching them wistfully. When Chal
mers spoke he started.
"You want something?" asked Mrs.
Chalmers, looking coldly at him.
"I " he hesitated.
"Speak up." said Chalmers testily.
"I wondered if— to-night you would
mind If I had my dinner with you— or
with the housekeeper: if you had rather
not " he continued hurriedly.
"Why with us— or the housekeeper "
"The music and the gold braid and—
every one so gay and "
Chalmers looked stoically at the fire,
but he felt very pitiful.
"You mean that you are lonesome?"
queried Mrs. Chalmers.
"Yes."
"You may dine with— us," she returned,
shortly, and looked back at the fire, as
Chalmers had.
"Thank you," said \he boy.
"Er-wait herer-till dinner is served."
She indicated a cushion at her feet.
"I am going to the country to-morrow,"
said Chalmers stiffly. "I'll take you with
me if you choose. You can have a look at
the dogs — If you choose." .
"Thank you. sir." And at that moment
the music floated In from the street.
Norman began, boylike, to drum with his
fingers.
"That's fine!" he said. with, an uncon
scious enthusiasm. "Was my father a
hero?" Chalmers and his wife looked at
each other and then, contemptuously, at
the little boy. When his wife looked at
him Chalmers reddened and turned about.
"Xorman." he said, "if it will not dis
appoint you too much, will you dine with
us some other night?"
"Yea, Blr." And Norman rose.
"And. my boy. that trip to the country
to-morrow— I shall be delighted to. have
you go."
"Thank you." Norman said again, with
a deprecatory smile.
"Norman." called Mrs. Chalmers, "since
Mr. Chalmers prefers that you do not
dine with us, 1 will tell you stories, here,
after you have had your tea — if — if • you
wish It."
He wished it and left the room.
Man and wife were silent for a moment,
then Chalmers spoke.
"You did not mind that I dismissed him,
did you?"
"Why should 1 mind?"
"I will try and make It up to him to
morrow."
"And I— after dinner."
"Perhaps we have not— considered the
boy enough."
"Perhaas I have not" —
"Oh. yes you have. I was thinking of
my own remissness."
"My father," ehe repeated. Then Mrs.
Chalmers seemed to assemble her wits.
"My father— who loved you as his own
son, whoso memory great men celebrated
to-d'ay: my father, who loved my mother
and her children next to honor! A. hero
"For the last time," she said, hurriedly
and under her breath, "who Is bis
father?"
"I said It— might be any one: it might
why, it might be your father"—. Chal
mers was speaking convulsively, or he
would never have said It.
them both.
"Don't speak, don't speak," Chalmers
cried. He was holding out bis arms.
"What shall la do?" she murmured,
twisting her fingers and looking at Chal
mers' open arms and remembering the
feel of them about her in the old days.
"What ahall I do?" And then Norman
laughed. Just without the. library door.
They started as the same shaft struck
"There Is no doubt," she said, staring
at him. She hoped for something:, she
didn't know what.
"Let us be reconciled. When I be
lieved vou hated me I had no power to
plead, but now for God's sake, Dorothy"—
• "I-I-"
"I told you you couldn't. Do you not
see, since you seemed to regret that his
existence forever separated you from me,
I wanted you should have some compen
sation ?"
Chalmers grew excited and stammered
as ha spoke. "You did it for love of
me, because I 'seemed' to regret. You
cannot call It 'seeming* when every throb
of mv heart was for you."
"It throbbed for another— there's the
boy you know.'*
"What satisfaction could I feel in the
dally presence of this wretched child?"
"None, perhaps. But I may be forgiven
for thinking that you still have left some
remnant of honorable and gentle feeling.
A man's- own son—"
"You took the child in for love of me.
believing It to be mine. For love of me!
Bay It. Dorothy, say It!"
"For the love I had felt—"
"Love cannot die In an hour. You bad
been my wife less than two years—"
"And that boy was less than a year
old. I essure you. love can die in a min
ute under favorable circumstances."
"Suppose I were to tell you this boy Is
not mine?"
She started forward In her chair. If
love dies quickly the habit of hope dots
not. "Suppose I were to ask you. 'Whose
cblld 1st he?* " she answered hoarsely.
"Why. It might be — any one's."
"Norman once told me that a little boy
'might eat a bear,' " she replied. Mrs.
Chalmers was articulating with difficulty.
This was to be a Waterloo— for somebody
on Narjoleon's side.
; "Dorothy, In Heaven's name — you love
me to-day as you did In that first year
of our married life. It is true, Dorothy, I
did ''not dare dream of that before, but
now I know It. I cannot let this hour
pass — give me one chance— the benefit of
the doubt. Oh, Dorothy!"
answered, crimping the hem of her gown.
"Since vou decided that the boy was
mine, why did you have him here 7"
"That," she said slowly, "Is one of those
things a man is constitutionally unable
to understand."
"Try to make me understand."
"Well, your eon must have my care,
since be has no mother."
"But I can't understand."
r-">— — *S==3 HALMERS did not
|ike martial music and
?5Kv J^Xi very greatly disap
1mCijm7(*' pr<vpo of thf military,
xwSfoP*Q?f7ff an( * J ' ct Chalmers »vas
' f'-^yi r,>fii(^ not unpatriotic.
'^^^^i { Hearing without the
SB^ =^SasSi military music he so
hated, Chalmers rose ud from his dlv«n
end twitched topethrr the heavy curtains
et the front windows, thereby shutting
off the view front from the little boy
Who stood there watching.
"But they are heroes: heroes: Mr. Chal
mers—every one," the boy said In an ag
grieved tone.
"Well." said Chalmers, "I'm willing.'*
And he lay down apain upon his back,
with one foot cocked over his knee, his
hands ciayped behind h!s head and lf.s
elbows hugged over his ears. Chalmers
certainly did hate the military uncom
monly.
"I wonder If Sirs. Chalmers Is looking
cut of trt drawing-room window?" said
the boy. "I hope so. It's all because of
l'cr father— that marching there, anil — I
<lo li<jj>e she is looking."
"Well, Norman, I can imagine — with an
effort— a way of finding out."
"You mi&n— to cross the hall?"
"Exactly— to cress the hall."
"Ill go."
"Thank you." returned Chalmers. Prob
ably he could not have spoken without a
touch of irony In his tone If he had tried
—end lie didn't try.
As Norman turned toward the dcor
Mrs. Chalmers entered hurriedly. \Vr>pr.
ehe eaw Chalmers ehe paused just an in
stant, but not long enough to flatter h'm
Ehe threw the curtains wide and opened
the window. Norman looked at Chal
mers, then he, too. went to the window.
The boy always responded to the lady's
lov« of military spectacles. Perhaps It
was the bey of It.
"It's the anniversary of the day your
father did something. Isn't It. Mrs. Chal
mers? Your father was a great hero,
¦wasn't he — Mrs. Chalmers? They— they
are doing things with their swords, aren't
they— Mrs. Chalmers?" Still no answer.
lira. Chalmers was looking out.
"They are. Look at their buttons— look
at their buttons." he cried, at last too
pleased with what he saw to care wheth
er he was listened to cr not/'
"Don't vou think you may have made
fuss enouch?" Chalmers asked.
The boy was abashed, and turned
quickly Xrom the window.
"I did not mean to annoy you," he &aid.
•with a seeming of self -repression that Le
longed to him.
"You didn't anncy me," Chalmers re
turned, quickly. Then he arose from '.Tie
divan and took from the floor a scarf
which his wife in her haste had dropped
"I — I— fear you will take cold," he eald,
with ecmething of the little boy's d.fti
£ence. as he placed the fcarf about TUs
vlfe'B 6hculdere.
Ehe turned and looked at him wilh
much deliberation. She was as cold in
manner as a truly passionate woman
knows how to be.
"ThanJi you," she Bald, and closed the
window.
"I— I— have not seen you In several
days." Chalmers hesitated. "You are
well?"
"I am well, thank ycu."
"Dinner will be served presently," said
"She found your key. Mr. Chalmers."
said Norman from the window as Chal
mers stood ehaklnc In the doorway.
First sh© read the letter, then sne- was
a long, long time In Chalmers* arms, and
then a small voice said amazedly, "I
never Baw you do that before."
Chalmers began to laugh and could not
stop. /
"I'll b« all right to-morrow." be- sobbed.
"but to-night I've gone clean mad. I
know n«*w that happiness might kill."
Nothing ever went wrong again with
Mr or Mrs. Chalmers, and every day
thereafter the boy bad the "time of hla
life," according to bis own account.
Chalmers stood In the middle of th«
floor and looked off where hts wlfa had
gene
"I will do It." h© said suddenly. "This
is hell, and I'll tell the truth." He un
locked the small drawer of a cabinet rear
his desk. "And yet. maybe— she would
hate me for the truth. She loves me now.
for certain. 1 wonder Just hov bad the
truth would sound. It's years since ev^n
1 heard It— years." he mused as he l>.ik
a letter from, the drawer. He spread •?
caiefully upon the desk. It seemed not to
have been read frequently, and It told
how Dorothy's hero father *ad madu a
mess of his affairs, and how his cgn
ocience was .troubling him now that he
was dying, and how he trusted to his be
loved scn-In-law to square things for him
and for his conscience— and for a boy
who was not his wife's. "I have not the
courage." ho had written, "to rememhe
the boy In my will, lest It excite suspi
cion, and now I'm dying I haven't Vxis
to make ©ther arrangements."
"Oh, Lord!" groaned Chalmers. "If I
should dlo and Dorothy never knew thai
I wai always as true, as true " Chal
mers wiped the sweat from his face.
" 'If Dorothy found I was not the hero
she always thought me I should turn tn
my grave,' " Chalmers read. " 'Haven't
the courage to Ignore tho child's exist
ence: his mother la dead. She was a
woman I knew In Paris. The boy oujrht
to be looked after— leave all to you ' "
"By Jove! It sounds worse than I
thought." murmured Chalmers. "No, I
guess I won't— but Td rather be a dead
hero than a live one. I won't tell her
about the old man. after all. "Well, what
the dev What Is It, Norman ?"
"I came to hear the story." said Nor
man from the doorway. Chalmers hur
riedly thrust the letter tnto the drawer
and fumbllngly dropped the key upon
the floor. While he was trying to find It
without overturning his chair or rising
from It Norman stood upon th» hearthrug
watching him. "I'm to hear a story
about her father."
Chalmers, falling to find the- key. left
the room, and Mrs. Chalmers entered It.
"Your fathtr was a hero, all right,
wasn't be. Mrs. Chalmers ?" said Nor
man, slttlnr back on bis heels.
"Yes," «he answered.
"My father wasn't, was he?" wistfully.
"Mr. 'Chalmers once said he was not."
"Are you very fond of Mr. Chalmers?"
"I— I— don't know, madam. I think he
is very good." The boy paused. Then.
"Would you mind If I loved you very
much?" ' ;"
"There Is no reason why you Mould
love me at all." she replied, coldly.
"I should be glad If you loved me. Too
do not." pausing, "do you, Mrs. Chal
mers? No one does do they?" Ha was
becoming hysterical' In his syntax, and
she moved uneasily.
"I'm eorry If I am not kind—"
"Yes. you are: but I guess we aren't
very happy." He made furtive use of the
portiere about his eyes. Mrs. Chalmers
mechanically picked up the key at her
feet.
"It's Mr. Chalmers' key." said Norman,
still In the curtains. "It belongs to the
drawer of the cabinet." Mrs. Chalmers
looked lone at the key and longer at th»
cabinet. Chalmers* secret long had dwelt
there, she knew It. and she had not bo
fore permitted her gown to brush the
cabinet as she passed by. but to-ntght
things seemed different. She looked at
the key and then fitted It to the lock.
There was but one letter In the drawer,
and that bore her father's writing. Mrs.
Chalmers was a miserable woman and
longed that night to be near her father.
Bhe fingered the letter, and Norman
snuffed softlv and looked out at th«
winking street lights. All the glory of
the military had now departed and It
was raining.
first. last and forever, whose word was
truth whose life was truth! Talto that
back." »he said, looking for all the world
Ilka the old general himself.
"I— take It back." answered Chalmers.
"But 1 Ivve you so " Chalmers seemed
to be about done for.
"Madame la Berved." spoke the very
discreet servant.
"I cannot dine to-nljht," she said, and
pawed out at another door.
THE SCTNDAY CALL.
COLONEL LISENBY'S ROMANCE
By Angus Blantyre.
4
THE HERO
THE HUSBAND
AND THE BOY"Oh. now don't try to soften the truth,"
she interrupted quickly. "I'm after facts
and I am not going to lay anything you
may say up against you."
"I haven't the least idea what it is
about, but I am glad that there is going
to be no animosity," Mowbray observed
politely. Then he settled himself to
listen. It was one of his virtues that he
never missed his cue.
Her r.cxt words came out rather ab
ruptly.
"I'm not especially plain, do you
think?"
Her tone was deprecating, but she
turned her face toward him In a man
ner as impersonal as if she were calling
his attention to the landscape. Then she
continued impartially:
"That is, I suppose I would be classed
as 'fair to middling?' "
He nodded assent with a gleam of mis
chief in his eye.
"To tell you the truth"— her tone had
dropped Into the personal, confidential
key— "I'm not at all conceited about my
looks, but I've always flattered myself
that I am rather Interesting?"
"Rather Interesting, I think we may
say," he agreed suavely.
"And I'm sure I'm affectionate and
fairly good tempered and— and— ".
Mowbray encouraged her by a nod.
"And domestic"
"I shall have to take your word for
that."
"Well, I am domestic I know I am!
So I want you to explain to me"— her
voice was growing tumultuous — "but first
promise on your honor that you'll never
tell how it is that I've reached the age
of 33 without ever baying had a pro
posal?"
Mowbray threw himself back and roar
ed, while her arms came down off the
bench and she dropped her face upon her
hands and sat looking at him with the
puzzled air of a pupil at the feet of a
master.
"When you've done laughing," she be
gan with dignity.
"Pardon dear, a thousand pardons!"
He had never called her that before
and there was something in his voice
which bespoke a new hope and confidence,
but she was too engrossed In her pursuit
of self-knowledge to notice.
''I forgot to say that I'm sensible. Men
always like that, you know. Anyway,
they pretend to."
She finished in a way that suggested
that she had her doubt of their sincerity.
With a mighty effort her companion
swallowed his mirth and prepared to face
the situation with her.
"Is it because you haven't wanted any
one to ask you?" he Inquired diplomati
cally.
"No, Indeed!"
"And no man has evex told you that he
The ejaculation was full of enlighten
ment. Mowbray was beginning at last to
understand things that had always puz
zled him, as his next question showed.
"Would it be impertinfent to ask how
you have received these declarations?"
"Why, I Just listened! You see. It's
embarrassing. It makes one feel so ter
ribly conscious."
"What about the man?" Mowbray
asked quietly. "Doesn't it occur to you
that perhaps he might need a little en
couragement—that perhaps he might 'be
a trifta conscious, too?"
For a moment there was silence be
tween them. The point of view was ut
terly new to Miss Farrar, and she was
obviously impressed by It.
"I never thought of that," she admitted
slowly. "I thought that sort of thing was
so in a man's line— his metier." She
laughed a bit ruefully.
A squirrel darted swiftly across the
grass and turning its bead Jauntily to.
one side fixed a bright inquiring eye upon
them. Then with 'a saucy wave of its
beautiful tall it scurried away.
"I have it," said Mowbray, "I have it!
Learn from the squirrel I Lightness, airi
ness, coquettishness! Don't you see what
I mean?" and he looked at her teasingly.
But she was not to be diverted. "I am
serious," she assured him. "There's al
ways a reason for everything and there
must be a reason for this. There's Alice
Nixon! She's not so awfully pretty. . I
heard her say that she had had nineteen
proposals!" Miss Farrar's voice was
touched with awe. Then a skeptical
thought seized her. j "Still — she's from the
South!" she added, and her tone Implied
that an allowance should be made for the
Mowbray bit his lip.
"Then there's her sister— just an-or-
"A-a-h!"
There was a faint suspicion of a blush
on Miss Fairar's smooth cheeks, but her
glance met Mowbray's w.th its usual un
swerving honesty.
"Men have told me that they loved me
—several of them! But that's not a-pro
posal, you know, any more than it's a
purchase when I Bay that I adore a string
of pearls at Tiffany's!"
loved you?" he murmured in a thoughtful
tone. "Strange!"
••\V e il_now— I didn't say Just that, you
know!" ' •
The Journey had not been altogether in
vain. And while other passengers on that
train chatted gayly together, or read their
newspapers; or watched' the panorama of
forest and farmland and the twinkling
lights of villages, there was one young
man whose eyes and attention did not
wander from a photograph he held before
him.
•Three months later he was at one of
Mrs. Bloomer Billings' receptions. He did
might have been. Carrington knew that
no human being had been in that expanse
of sea while he was on the beach.
With almost feverish haste he ma-le a
print from the film. There was no doubt
about it. It was no freaK effect.'
The girl's face, which he had never seen
before, seemed to mock nlm in mystery.
Clad In a dainty bathing suit, she fitted
into th«KDicture as if an artist hand had
posed her there, a dainty bit of indis
putably human l'fe that rounded out the
scene and perfected It. Fate had tossed
a romance into his vacation after all.
He recalled the events of the day.
Grayson and he had reached the inn just
before noon, tired by a 'tramp of a half
dozen miles from a fishing station farther
down the coast. Dinner, then a lest: the
snap shot, and the final two hours' fish
ing that closed the fortnight's holiday,
leaving the camera in the hotel office be-
Blde his grip while he was gone; then sup
per and the train back to the city. All
this was clear enough." But how did the
mermaid creep info his camera? Car
rington stared at the laughing face In
blank perplexity. Only one point was
certain. It was the prettiest face he had
ever seen in his life.
A paper he had recently read in a scien
tific journal flashed across his mind. It
dealt with the photographic discovery of
a new light ray, invisible to the eye, but
duly recorded on the peculiarly sensitized
photographic plate.
"Nonsense!" ne promptly said. "That's
a flesh and blood girl. She has the face
of an angel, but angels don't wear bath
ing suits with all those frills."
Next day he jumped on a train and was
whisked to Berkeley Inn. He sought the
manager and showed him the picture.
"You recognize her, of course?" Car
rington asked with a careless air. '
"I should say I did." said the manager
with a smile. "That's the handsome one
of the Langford girls who wer» here a
month with their aunt. Went back to
town only a couple of days ago. Splen
did picture. Taken right here on the
beach, too," he added in a quizzical tone.
"I didn't know you were ncquainted."
Carrington rejected the conversational
tender. "Yes, t thfnk it's pretty good."
was all he said. But just before train
time he sought the porter and casually
asked him the destination of the Lang
ford baggage two days before.
"New York, sah," came the ready re
sponse. "Thank, you, sah."
v&/ /$a\ v epring days and
$*/ Mowbray and Hiss
K^\^~X^%' t h rou eh the green
l^J/^w/r^T ery of the park wlth
<*»7j™ r^V*- lan S uIa abstraction
I^Jw^Mi «* born of th * first
- ta warm weather and a
friendship of several years' standing.
Though their eyes drank in the beauty of
the »cene about them— the gTeat stretches
of greensward, the trees and bushes that
were bursting into the tender green of the
•e&son as into a sort of client song—
neither cf them was thinking of it.
Mies Farrar, indeed, was living over
ether days, inevitably brought back by
the warm breeze and the smell of grow
ing thing*— other springtimes when life
meant only the beautiful possibility of
love- And Mowbray was thinking of her
fcr.2 wondering if by any chance it would
be worth while to tell her. For in epite
cf her unquestionable attractiveness he
could not help feeling that he would
find It hard to look into those calm,
clear eyes and talk of love. Yet he was
neither cowardly cor Inexperienced. He
¦Imply had a natural shrinking from be
ing regarded with suppressed amusement
ty the woman he loved. And In her ap
parent Immunity from such emotions that
was what he feared. She would, in all
probability, only laugh her light, frank
laugh and say, "Nonsense, Clark, don't
be eilly!"
He sent a speculative glance toward
hex as she walked beside him looking
eff In the distance with the preoccupied
tr of a woman whose whole mind was
given to some engrossing. and persistent
thought.
"Let us sit for a while," she proposed
as they reached the top of a knoll, where,
under a solitary tree, a bench invited re
laxation. Butting the action to the word.
the eeated herself comfortably with her
elbows p'.aced defiantly on the back of the
bench—an, attitude peculiar to her aggres
sive moods and one which Mowbray bad
learned to recognize as premonitory of an
intention to talk things out to a finish.
He wondered what It would be this time,
for he had long since dropped into his role
of mentor.
He waited patiently with eyes that
roved carelessly over the mansions on the
far elde of Fifth avenue, which in turn
»ent back a well-bred stare, knowing that
her feelings would soon reach the point
cf overflow. At last ene broke the silence.
"Do I look to you like a person selected
by Fate to be distinguished among* wo
men—disagreeably distinguished, I mean?"
che demanded, turning toward him with
a directness which challenged a truthful
answer. He regarded her in a manner
Intended to convey that he was making
an expert examination.
"No." be admitted. "I can't say that
you do. That is—" He stopped rather
yaguely.
Jack laughed good-naturedly.
"All right, old man; sail in. but hurry
up," he said.
Fivo minutes later George Carrington
had snatched his camera from the broad
hallway of the Berkeley Inn, snapped it
at the waterscape, and he and Jack
Grayaon were off on a fishing trip. It
was the last day of their vacation, spent
wandering down the const at random,
seldom two nights in tho same place.
The final day's sport over, Carrington
sped back to the city in a train, camera,
flBhing kit and grip beside him, tanned
and tired, but happy. Ho reached hia
apartments and thought of the last pic
ture of clouds and rocks and sea. He
must develop it forthwith, and he did.
"A vacation of Jolly good fun without
a romance," j he mused. "Nature, sun
shine, fresh air. a. good chum and good
fishing. | Nothing more to be desired."
The film sank in the developing fluid,
and in a few seconds the outlines- of . a
coast scene appeared. First came the
blotches of black, representing the high
lights, clouds and the crests of waves.
By an alchemy, which never ceases to be
marvelous, all the delicate gradations of
light and shade filled in .until the perfect
picture appeared.
Then occurred something which caused
Carrington to gasp in , astonishment and
almost drop the developing, tray. For
In the center of the picture, head and
shoulders visible above the crest of a
breaker, appeared the form of a young
woman, like a mermaid arising out of the
sea. There was a saucy tilt to the laugh
ing face, and the bare arms were out
stretched as a beckoning mermaid' a
j a y Jove, Jack, you
j^^S^^^J must wait until I get
I- Hs* my canura for that
l*»Viij f afternoon sun over the
iCSjB^^^StjE water. Aren't those
[•j'*^ i ~%&'§ The roc^ en the
«KBffiF B ™™8s3B3 beach, the woods over
yonder, the waves almost too lazy to
break as they come rolling up— I can see
the picture now, printed deep brown on
sepia paper, fast to a prize at the ama
teur exhibition."
(Copyright, 1903, by T. C. McClure.)
Both were silent another moment. Re
sat eagerly, expectantly. Her eyes were
fixed on the floor, and as she slowly ex
tended her hand and placed the picture
In his he felt the warm touch of her fin
gertips.
"No less surprising was the picture my
sister took of me," she exclaimed ex
citedly. "The water and rocks were love
ly, but I was nowhere to be seen!"
"Now the mystery is no longer myste
rious!" laughed Carrington. "It's plain
enough. I saw another camera in the ho
tel office, but never thought until this in
stant that I might have picked tip the
wrong one. Tour sister took a picture
with mv camera and I took one with
hers." Suddenly he became silent, and.
after a moment or two stammered. "I— I
suppose this is your sister's property, hut
may I not keep it?"
The girl tossed her head and smiled !n
mock hesitation. She had been turning
the Picture around and around in her
hand. Then the smile and the warm blood
left her face in company and there was
an almost imperceptible tremor of the
long dark eyelashes. On the back of th©
photograph she had read:
"My mermaid."
Again their eves met. but hers were
quickly withdrawn. Her hesitation was
•real now.
"I took a picture of the beach, but not
that one." he said slowly. "And yet that
is the one I found in my camera."
"Their eves met for an Instant, and
the girl flushed crimson. Silent and be
wildered she studied the photograph. Sud
denly she broke Into the laugh of th»
waterwltch again.
"I have a picture I wonld like yoa to
see. Miss Langford." he said diffidently.
He took the photograph from his pocket
book and showed tt to her.
She gave a little startled cry. and th*
unmounted print fell from her hand.
"Why— why— yoa . were at Berkeley
Inn?" she exclaimed.
not know Mrs. Bloomer Billings: but he
had not been idle during the autumn
months, and without being a Sherlock
Holmes he decided that he must get an
Invitation, and he did. Mrs. Billings was
a literary lady whose assemblages were
diverse and often astonishing. Artists
and writers attended them, musicians and
player folk, with a leavening of accepted
"society." They were truly heterogene
ous gatherings.
Eagerly Carrlngton scanned the room*.
A long-haired violinist had Just finished
a Beethoven sonata, »r.d there was much
clapping- of hands. Carrington was pre
sented to Mrs. Billings, who was sur
rounded by a bevy of pretty girls. A mo
ment of gallant conversation, and then
his face lit up with a sudden Joy that
eaused his hostess to look up in politely
suppressed wonder. In that group, now
in a setting of pink and white, but with
the same laughing face of the glistening
beach and wave, stood his Lady of the
Sea.
An hour later they sat together on ¦
window seat listening to a prim* donna's
song.
ELIZABETH'S FIRST PROPOSAL
By Keith. Gordon
By Henry T^olens
CARRINGTON'5 MYSTIC MERMAID
Her cheeks were hot and her lips trem
bled.- A strong hand reached out and
took - hers in . a masterful way, and she
suddenly knew, that something which she
had never dreamed— was true.
"But I asked you," she moaned, j when
at last she recovered her wonted serenity,
"I positively asked you!"
"You encouraged me," he corrected,
"and that's what they usually do, only
your method was brutally direct!"
It was when she began to flush again
that he added:':'! shall always have
something to tease you about, dearest!"
• And the squirrel, which had been watch
ing them in the lingering hope that they
might possibly have brought him nuts,
like sensible people, gave up in disgust
and scurried away.
"I love you, Beth," he said simply, "and
I think you know the rest. Tell me that
you do!"
There was a palpable pause before M'ss
Fairr-.r replied. But at la^t her straight
forwanlmss prevailed.
"Sometimes I shake my head and look
rather shocked. Then they think that 1
Oisapprove of such conversations — think
I'm ncble. you know! At other times 1
largh and say, 'I have never had one!'
in a tone- which implies the reverse."
She finished this confession and looked
nt Mowbray out of the corner of -her eyes
in a way that drove the last vestige of
fear out of his mind. Thl3 naive woman,
the person whose dignity and coldness he
had stood aloof from in absolute, embar
rassment for so long. He could have
laughed at the absurdity of it. ¦ Why had
she never shown him her real self before?
"I think I shall propose to you," he re
marked deliberately.
For a second she looked surprised and
then her eyes danced.
"Let It be in your best style," she plead
ed. "Remember, it's my first and I fear
it may be my last, tool"
He leaned toward he: and looked
straight into her eyes.
"It will be your lalst undoubtedly." His
voice was low and tense. For a long
moment he looked at her— looked in a
way that first made her small ears burn
and then troubled her clear gaze, which
wavered and fell.
"What do you gay upon »uch occn
slons?" demanded Moworay, watching
the squine! that was again eying them
from, a distance.
dinarily nice girl— follows with fifteen.
Marion Pierce owns up to a dozen, and
Beth Garrett— dear, homely Beth—ac
knowledges six! 1 asked her because I
specially wanted to find out! Perhaps
you can Imagir.e hew ciuter it makes mo
ft el!"
Father Goulet sniffed the air. "You
cubs-.th'nk you knew, but I will show
you. I. Goulet, the Krcat dice, thrower, I
smell victory.- 1 .am the winner at once.
Let me show you .how, youngsters."
JJe reached forth and grasped an old
dice box. from a shelf, there were tvo
there and one upon the shelf above. The
last box. was the newtFt. / ¦-•-. , : ' .
Old; Goulet' had 'one' box.. A.»other-one
Mar a handed to Fiancols- The last she
gave; to 'Johnny.- . 'ir £? : -1 ,';.
.•'A Ixx f(Mveck"~ she 'said, "that each
may shake well to'mciUe well.'' 
.Johnny shook his Uox. remtniscently.
"The last t!me I played." he remarked,
"was with the bull bear from the States—
the monster with the neck. I lost to him
—I Most a bit, I tell you." He thought of
the nugi.lst c trick he had' learned. "He
was a wonder,' that man," he said aloud.
"My son," said Pere Goultt, "he was.
That man with his two hands could throw
a buck— perhaps a bull moose. Who
knows? You say well; he was a monster.
True."
Franco's shook his box. "You first."
said Goulet's daughter. "Each shall have
three throws, and I shall keep — what do
they say?— I shall keep tab. Your knife,
Francois." He tossed |t over" and she
held It, ready to notch the table as they
played.
"She Is mine— she is mine!" cried
Francois.
"Aha!" yelled Francois with excite
ment, as he rolled his dice. He made a
iair throw— a very fair one.
Gou'.et followed. "Sacre!" he ex
claimed In guttural tones. For his score
was low.
"You've got me, Francois," remarked
Johnny, as he emote his cubes upon the
tab!* ; "but no, you have not, either."
For he had done well— as well as man
could do. Maria, her face set to her task,
was cutting notches thick and fast.
"This time," announced Francois, "I
shall throw twice. It means luck and
avoids delay." He threw poorly at first,
but better on the -second trial. He was
exultant. It was not the first time he
had thrown, and his skill was great.
"Papa Gou".et," said he, "beat that if
you can. Give it your best twist if you
can." Goulet threw and' groaned. He, at
any rate, was a loser.
"She is mine, she is mine!" called
Francois. He smiled on Maria, and she
returned the smile. So entranced was he
by it that he did not notice the first
throw from Johnny's box until the dice
had come to a standstill. Then he
frowned.
"Vmf not so bad at this myself." said
Johnny. "Still, you can never tell."
He threw asrain. Barely had he done
so when Francois, with a mighty shout
of anger, lunped at him across the table
and nearly felled him. Johnny, with a
heightened color In his face, good na-
tnem. But now they hare sunk — I shall
never see them more."
The girl laughed. "Sunk," the exclaim
ed, "of a surety they have sunk. How
could they help it?" She drew his head
down and whispered to him. "They sank;
they could not help It. poor thlnga." She
drew a sharp breath Inward and burst
into a hysterical laugh. "They were load
ed—they were loaded dice— of courss they
sank. Why not?"
"Loaded dice!" exclaimed Johnny.
"Surely." answered she. "The bull-bear
man — they belonged to him, when you
and others lost to him— and he gave them
to me."
"Loaded!" exclaimed Johnny once again.
"Why, that's not—" He stopped, for a
sudden llsht had broken In upon him.
"Loaded, and you gave them to me to
night to play the game."
"Yes," she answered breathlessly.
Johnny kissed her with vehemence.
"Then." he continued, "it was not a game
to-ntg-ht. Then I had won you long be
fore to-nizht."
She nodded. "Months, yea, years be
fore," she answered.
Johnny drew her toward him. "My little
wife." he said.
"Johnny Le Boutillier, my husband,"
answered she.
Side by nlde they plunged into the Great
North Trail.
"What has that to do with it?" retort
ed Michele. "A mother, bah! Yes. but
what is a mother? She had no old father.
Therefore, and only therefore, she mar
ried. And therefore yon should not.
Never marry- I do not expect to marry.
Come now. What's good enough for me
is good enough for you. Look at me."
Maria drove her other two admirers to
the frenzy point as well. Francois, the
jealous, the black browed, was easily
aroused and hard to appease. Thrice he
fought with Johnny Le Boutillier — fa
mous fights, too, by the light of torches,
with many men around the combatants
bared to the waist. Twice did Johnny Le
Boutillier go down and out.
At the next fight between Francois and
"There Is yet time," she Raid.
"I shall marry." she informed MlcheV,
"why not? Did not my mother mnrry"—
"Marry nothing," snapped old Michele,
losing sight of the facts in order to
prove his point. "What good young wo
man would marry and leave h»r old
father? And beside*," he added, as
though making a guarded admission,
"even if she did marry, she had no old
father— she had nobody but me. So we
married."
"She had a mother," insisted Maria
Goulet.
Tip there, where men are plenty and
women few and far between, the sight of
Michele's daughter came as a surprise.'
One held his breath, for she was a flower,
was Michele's daughter— a wood flower
of the trail. She was worth while. And
there were many who understood that
and who hopelessly desired to wear this
flower some day. Most of them did not
bother Maria. She sent them off. Good
men, they were, too— a bit rough and
wild, good as men of the forest go.
But there were three who were very
close admirers. Each of these had sworn
to have Maria for his own. One was a
Canuck, pure and Flmple. Francois he
was, a good sort of chap, but with a tem
per. The next was an American, a man
with a French name, too. This was
Johnny Le BQUtillier. younger than
Francois and lighter In complexion. The
third admirer was" the greatest of them
all. His name was Michele Goulet. He
was Maria's father. Francois whispered
to himself that already she was his.
Johnny Le BoutUlier told her out and out
that she was his. And old Micheie Gou
let, he shook his flst and Insisted— sacre!
—that she didn't belong to anybody at
all— that is, except to him. He informed
her that she cou'.d marry anybody she
chose, only .she must remain single al
ways and live with him. Francois, bah!
And Johnny Le Boutillier. bah, too!
What like were they? Oh, yes, they were
well enough in their way— but they were
not her kind. Maria smiled— and on all
three.
But there is more, for there is Maria,
Michele's daughter. Another name too
often the subject cf mispronunciation.
One must cay Ave Maria beneath the
breath, and then he may know how to
cpeak of Michele's daughter. Otherwise
it were best to call her— well. Miss Gou
let. But not now, though. That would
nrrer do, for at this time all la different.
But cne must not anticipate.
Goulet is the puide par excellence.
Across the Great North Trail he has es
corted many, many persons. The Presi
cent of the United States? Assuredly.
And many, many school teachers
throughout the long vacation. In the
printed itineraries of the railroads he Is
included, though not by name, in the list
cf "competent guides at every point." He
Is ail things to all men. He is sublime;
he Is the great Northwest. He Is Michele
Goulet. Can man say more?
This rame Gooley Is a Ctlt. Ah. of
course, to be sure. No one would think
otherwise. But he Is a different kind of
CcJt, is Gooley— for his name when spoken
is Mike iiooley, true enough, but when
written It * Is wholly something else —
Michele Gou.et then. A Frenchman— a
Frenchman to the marrow. One knows
that, finally, but only when his eye lights
upon this same Michele Gouiet- and one
Is elad. for In the lonely march through
the Great North Trail, and in the nights
around the camp fire, it is possible to lift
the voice in the midst of the great si
lence— to lift the voice in solemn song:—
Oh, Michele Goulet. Michele Goulet.
The greatest Man-ltcba ever knew.
Oh, spell It Goulet. but never Gooley,
Goulet, Goulet, Goulet, Goulet, do.
*> j^r5£=ra VST across the border
I Jl Is the Great North
%^^»ti^*? TrrLlL Ore enters Jt ln
X£^w£ a|ii>;I summer as a , u i e j n
-J^- rL^"f '-• winter it becomes irn
•^^¦Sf* ?£&¦§{ P assab1 *'- This trail Is
I £-^&Ss££^5r\ |'.| the forest primeval.
<¦!¦ Ii ¦ I i^-^*J On this side of It.
before one enters, are men and books
and railroads. Beyond— who knows?
iVho enters must leave hope behind.
Mike Gooley. that Is he. His com
fortable hut Is the . lodge house of the
Great North Trail. Mike Gooley, what a
came:— a name to conjure with. His na
tionality Is ascertained and certain at
the very Instant of the revelation of his
r.aroe. But yet there is a mistake some
where, and Cue to the fact that his name
is alwajs heard but never Ften. He has
tpe'led it time ard time again for some
seven thousand men and women, for to
that extent numbers the great army
¦which he has escorted by twos and threes
safely through the Great North Trail.
She turned her back upon Johnny Le
Eoutilller. "Or Johnny Le Boutillier,"
she continued, "or Pere Goulet."
Pere Goulet growled, but Francois leap
ed to his feet.
"I am famous with the dice. he ex
claimed. "It is good. 1 asree."
"Maria Goulet." laughed Johnny Le
Boutllller, "you're a dead game sport. I
go you."
"Ah!" This from Franco'.s.
Maria had waited patiently for the re
marks to end. "I shall be fair. Franco's
has fought for me. He has won. Johnny
has fought for me. He has won. too.
Pere Oou'et has growled for me. It Is
woise than rlghtinjr— we may say that
h«» has won. Well and good. Now there
shall be no more fight:ng. There shall
bp ro more growling. I shall marry Fran
cols. 4 '
Francois leaped to his feet. "My angel!"
he cried. Maria waved her hard.
"Or— I shall marry Johnny Le Boutll-
Her." Johnny shuffled his feet with in
terest and. recogniz ng that he had at
least a fighting chance, began to whist;e
softly.
"Or— I shall not marry. There!"
"Ha!" cried Father Goulet: "she. shall
not marry. There!" / , *
"There «ha!l be no more fighting and
no more grtjwl'ng." proceeded Goulefi
daughter, "but there shall be chance and
wager. You shall play for me. There."
They wRlted^ "You three shall throw
diet," she added, "and this shall end it.
It is the game. It is griming. I am the
etake. I shall go to the man who wins,
whether," fhe added. "It be Francois—"
"Satisfied!" retorted Francois. "How
will 1 bo satisfied If she does not marry?"
"Satisfied," nodded the old man, "sat
isfl<d-thnt yqu will rot pet her."
"You don't have to favor me." growled
Goulet, "only don't marry. That is obe
dience, not to marry. Where would we
all be if everybody married? I tell you
the world would be in a great pickle.
Dcn't favor me. my daughter. I don't ask
anything at all at your hands. Only don't
marry. You said you would be fair. Be
fair. That is the way to be fair. Do not
therefore, marry. Then all will be satis
fled." W
"I shall be lair." she said; "fair to all.
I will favor no one. I shall favor not
Francois, who wants to marry me; nor
Johnny Le BoutUlier, who would make
me his wife." Here she kept her face
slight. y averted from 'the ardent glance
of Johnny. "Nor will I favor Michele Gou
let."
been well, reasoned Francois with him
self. But that idiot Le Boutilller! John
ny Le Boutllller amused himself by try
ing to stare Francois out of countenance.
Mlchelc Goulet— he would have cleared
them all out; they had no business there.
At length Maria spoke:
Johnny, Johnny, who had treasured a few
things up In his heart, was able, in the
language of his pugilistic friend, to "hand
to Francois in the most approved
manner. Francois went down, not once,
but eight, nine times. Then It was John
ny's turn to stroll around. Assuredly.
But when Francois came around, after
some days, Maria did no't touch his
bruises with her finger. She laughed, and
Francois stormed.
But this could not go on forever. Fran
cois said so. Johnny Le BoutUlier ac
quiesced. Michele Ooulet felt in bis bones
that a crisis was Impending.
It was a cool night in the fall that all
three met. without deslg-n. In the hut.
Each had designed to be there. Yes. but
none tad designed that the other should
be there also. Francois Insinuated, he
muttered; his jealousy would out Johnny
frowned. Old Goulet stormed. Every
body reasoned that nobody else had any
business there— except Maria. Everybody
reasoned that the room was big enough
for two; that two was company, but three
a crowd; and four— it was outrageous,
JFrancols and Maria, that would oat*
BY W/LUAri HAMILTON
turedly caught at him and, lifting him In
the air, dropped him upon the floor.
"You must be polite." said Johnny. Old
Goulet swore and kicked at the dog. In
the excitement Maria gathered up the
dice and replaced the boxes upon tha
shelf. Then sha turned to Johnny.
"You — yon have •' won. - monsieur," she
Bald, looking him in the face; "you have
won and I am yours.."
"My forest flower." said Johnny, with a
bit of a catch in his voice, "come— coma
with me. my little bride."
In the Great North Trail when they
marry, they marry. Through the night
went Goulet's daughter with the arm of
Johnny Le Eouttilier about her. The
priest's «je brightened when he law
them.
"Bless you, .my children." said h© in
benediction.
As they wandered back toward Johnny's
forest .mansion at one point they crossed
a stream of swiftly running water.
Goulet'a daughter suddenly held out her
hand. It was closed tight upon some
thing:. "See!" she exclaimed, "watch."
He looked. Then with a sudden move
ment a few white particles darted through
the air and splashed into the stream be
neath.
"They are dice," he exclaimed, "the dice
with which I won you. I would have kept
Johnny mafia a sudden movement, as
though he would prevent her action. It
had dawned upon h:m what they were.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
5
A ROMANCE OF THE GREAT
NORTH TRAIL
THE SUNDAY CALL'S
Two Full Pages of the Latest Fascinating Craze in- Literature
HALF-HOUR STORI1ETTES"Jim Elder stole some apples from my
father's barn, and my father licked him
good," he suggested.
"Apples! Apples!" The head captain
frowned terribly, adding, with biting
Irony. "I s'pose Jim Elder's a pirate! I
s'pose he wears a uniform! I s'pose he
knows the ways this gang knows! I
s'pose he meets in a barrel like this!
Hum?"
"I don't know till I get there," replied
the head captain grandly. "Gold, I sup
pose, or treasures, or something like that.
Of course, if we're " •
The lieutenant sucked in his breath
with a peculiar whistling noise— one of
bis most envied accompUshmentsvand
ran his finger nail with a grating sound
around his side of the barrel.
often brilliantly original.
On one especial occasion, • warm after
noon late In June, when the houses and
yards were all quiet and the very dogs
lay still in the shade, the vicar led them
softly to the chicken yard, mystified them
by crawling through a broken glass
frame into the covered roost, crouching
along beneath the perches and going out
again by the legitimate door without
stopping to speak. This effectually
silenced the lieutenant— the chicken house
seemed an old ruse to h.'m. and he was
Bnifflng in preparation for the expression
of his opinion. Out across the yard and
twice around an enormous hogshead they
walked solemnly. Such a prelude must
mean a great finale, and the head captain
felt decidedly cWlous. The vicar paused,
made a short detour for the purpose of
getting two empty boxes, piled them one
on the other, and lightly swung herself
Into the cask. A loud thud announced
her safe arrival at tho bottom, and
flushed with delight at the incomparable
secrecy of the thing the head captain
followed her. The lieutenant, grumbling
as usual, and very nearly hanging him
self In his sash, which caught on tne
edge, tumbled after, and standing close
together in the great barrel they grinned
consciously at each other.
The head captain broke the silence.
"Are we all here?" he demanded, his
voice waking strange and hollow echoes.
"Yes," replied the vicar delightedly,
bursting with pride. -
"Aye, aye!" said the lieutenant with
careful formality.
"Then listen here!" the head captain
spoke In a hoarse whisper. "Thls'll be a
dlnrrent way. This is going to be tne
real thing. Torday we're going to steal!"
The- vicar gasped. "Really steal?" she
whiskered.
"Steal what?" said the lieutenant with
a non-committal gruffness.
"Oh!" and she retired, practicing the
word. Yne others were much impressed
by her cleverness in discovering such a
fascinating title. • It savored of wicked
and villain, to begin with; and. pursuing
the advantage of their previous Ignorance
of It, she Invented etvenl privileges and
perquisites of the office.
One of these was the right to sum
mon the band, when the head captain had
decided on an expedition, to any meet-
Ing place she saw fit; and, though lit a
great many ways her superiors found her
a. nuisance, the • lieutenant In particular
objecting In a nagging, useless sort of
way to most of her suggestions, they
could not but admit that her selection of
mysterious, unsuspected rendezvous was
"Some say?" ..
"Ye*"— Impatiently — "some say. He
hasn't got to do the way the others tell
him all the time, has her'
"Oh, dear, no. Don't you know Mr.
Wright down at the chapel? He's called
the vicar. . He really manages it, I
think. Of course It's not like being the
rector — " :>"fiV;-. -;¦< \*« «
"Chapel? Is that the only kind of vlck
er. like Mr. Wright?" . . ... ,
"Why, of course not, silly! There are
lots of different kinds." »¦•;- *-j*z- *
As for the vicar— well, there were ob
stacles In the way of her presenting such
nn appearance as she would have liked.
In the first place there was not enough
Turkey red to po evenly round, and to
her disgust eh» had been obliged to put
up with a scam three-quarters of a yard
—not a wide Ftrip at that. What was by
courtesy called the vicar's waist was not
far from thr^e-cuarters of a yard in cir
cumference, which fact compelled her to
strain her cash tightly in order .to be able
to make even a small hard knot, to say
nothing of bows and ends. She had no
collar of any kind— her frocks were gath
ered into bands at the neck. So the. vicar,
in a. wild attempt at masculinity, had pri
vately borrowed a hlch linen collar of
her uncle. The shirts in her uncle's
drawer had printed Inside them, "Wear a
eeventecn-and-a-half collar with this
shirt," so you will not be surprised to
learn that the vicar occasionally fell into
the collar, so to speak, and found herself
most effectually muzzled.
But the worst was her mask. Her hair
came down in a heavy bang almost to her
straight brown eyebrows; her round,
brown eyes were somewhat short sighted;
her eye-holes were too small. In conse
quence of these facts, whenever it was de
sirable or necessary to see an inch before
her nose she was obliged to push the
mask up over her bang, when It waved
straight out and up, and looked like some
high priest's mitre.
Her title was due to her uncle, who, to
do him Justice, was as Innocent of his in
fluence In the matter as of the loss of
bis collar.
"When a percent Isn't the bead of the
pirates, but Is an* officer Just the same,
and has some eay about things, what do
you call that?" she asked him abruptly
one day. He was reading at the time
and not unnaturally understood her to
My "the head of the parish."
"Why, that Is called a vicar, I suppose
jroo mean.** he answered.
"A vlcker! Does he have some say?"
(Copyright. 1903).
IT mxnt not have occurred to you to
find the head captain terrible to look
upon, had you seen him first without
fc'.s uniform. There seems to be some
thing essenOiIly paclrtc In the effect
of a broad tu:».-over Gingham collar, a
blue neck-ribbon and a wide straw hat.
But ccu!d you have encountered h!rtr in a
black cambric roatk with pinked edge*, a
broad sash of Turkey red wound tightly
about his waist, and that wide collar
turned up above his cars, you might have
sung another tune.
The lieutenant was distinctly less im
pressive. His sash, though not so long *%
the head captain's, was forever coming
untied and trailing behind him. and as he
often retreated rapidly he stumbled and
fell over it twice out of three times.
Moreover, he was not allowed to turn h!s
collar up except on Saturdays, and the
one bis sister had made for h!m from
wrapping paper had an exotic not to say
amateur theatrical effect that was far
from convincing. The eyeholes In his
xnask t too. were much too large—show
ing. Indeed, the greater part of both
cheeks, each of which was provided with
a. deep dimple. Seen in the daytime, he
was not— to ppeak confidentially— very
awesome.
inry caugni up wim mm.
"Aye,, aye, sir!"
"Go straight ahead and watch out for
us. Whistle three times If the coast Is
clear. Beware of— of anything you see!"
"Aye, aye. air!"
The lieutenant slunk off, a peculiar cau
tion in the slope of his shoulders and his
long, noiseless stride. He rounded the
barn and disappeared from sight. There
was a moment of suspense. Suddenly ha
appeared again, his hand raised warn
ingly.
"Sst, est!" he hissed.
Promptly they skipped behind the wood
house door. In. a moment a man's foot
steps were audible; somebody was swing
ing by the barn, whistling as he went. Ha
called out to the cook as he went by,
"Pretty hot, ain't It? Hey! I say It's
pretty hot."
He was gone. H* had absolutely no
idea of their presence. The first of the
delicious thrills had begun.
Presently three soft whistles broke the
silence. They glided out round the barn
and scaled the first fence.
"Which way, head captain?"
A dusty forefinger indicated the nelgh
"Secret way or door?"
"Secret way." :
They carried hurried glances about
them; nobody was in sight. At the corner
of- the barn the lieutenant again, per
formed scout duty, and his three whistles
brought them to 'a back entrance hardly
noticeable to the chance explorer of stable
yards— a low door Into a disused .cow
house.
Softly they stole in, softly peeped into ,
the barn.' It lay placid and empty,
smelling of leather and hay and horses,
with barrels of grain all about, odd bits
of harness and tins of wagon grease,
wisps of straw and broken tools scattered
over the floor. Broad bands of sunlight s
streaked everything. They crept through
a lane of barrels and mounted a rickety •
stair, heart in mouth. Who might be at
th$ top?-.
A moment's pause, and then the head
captain nodded.
"AH right, men," ha breathed.
They went carefully through the thick
hay that strewed the upper floor, avoid
ing the - cracks - and- pits that- loosened -
boards and decayed planking offered the
unwary foot. The perspiration dripped
from the vicar's round cheeks; she panted
with the heat
Walking on. his tiptoes, the head cap
tain Bought the darkest-depths of the cor- ,
ner, stumbling over an old covered chest.
He stopped;, he put hls'l*and3 on the lid.
The two attendant officers gasped..' The
head captain, with infinite caution, lifted"
that lid, ; .... ... _
•hallow, carved gold-covered thlni
touched her hand, her cheeks heated red,
she seized it and hid It In her pocket.
Gimme another," she beared softly;
gimme that shiny little cup!"
If there had been any doubt as to the
heavenly reality of the thin*, it was all
over now. No more need the head cap
tain s swelling words fill out the bar© gaps
of the actual state of the case. Here
were the thlnics-this was no pretend
game. Here waa danger. here was crime,
here was glittering wealth all unguarded,
and no one knew but them!
The head captain first mastered himself.
H m, that's enough— from htre!" he
commanded with dreadful implication.
Come on. They'll kill us if they catch
1 f.? ** now * Don 't breathe bo loud,
Off in a different direction he led them,
having closed the box softly, and instead
of making for the stairs, stopped before
three square openings In the floor He lay
flat on his stomach and peered down one.
The vicar caught the idea before the
lieutenant. Light as a cat she dropped,
scrambled out of the manger and as a
step sounded in the outer barn, dragged
the lieutenant through in an agony of
apprehension, stumbled across the great
heap of stable refuse, and crouched, pal
pitating, behind the cow house door.
The head captain, whom crises calmed
and Immediate danger heartened, himself
crept back Into the stable to gather from
the sound of the steps the direction taken
by the intruder.
He was talking to th« horse.
"Want some dinner? I'll bet you do.
Stealing hay. was you. That'll never do."
It was enough. Soon he would go up
stairs to count over the treasures— who
would ever have supposed that this sim
ple looking stableman bad known* for
years of such a trove?— and then woe to
the pirates!
"Come on, you! Run for youijllfe!" he
shot at them, and they tore across the
yard and over the back fence, and across
a vacant lot, panting, stumbling, mutter
ing to each other, the vicar crying with
excitement. The lieutenant caught his
foot. in his sash and fell miserably, mis
taking them for arms of the law, as they
loyally turned back to pick him up,' and
fighting them with feeblo punches. They
dragged him through a hedge and took
refuge In an old tool house.
Slowly they got back breath. - The de
licious horror of pursuit was lifted from
them.' It appeared that they were safe.
"You goin' hom* now?" laid the lieu
tenant huskily.
Home?. . Home? . Was the fellow mad?
The head captain vouchsafed no answer.
. "Forward, march!",,- ' •- :' .:
He strode out > of the tool house 'and
made for this barn. A large dog. barked
and a voice called:, /
r;"Dowh, Danny, down!"
They returned hastily and climbed la
boriously out .of a = little window on the
other side; of : the tool house, striking. a
bee-line for the adjoining property. The
treasure Jingled in .their pockets as they
ran stealthily Into this barn. The last
restraint was cast away; they were on
new territory.
It was a clean, spacious spot. Great
shadowy, white-draped carriages stood
along the sides; a smell of varnish and
new leather prevailed. On the walls hun*
fascinating garden tools; quaint-nosed
watering pots, coils of hose, a lawn foun
tain. All was still. The head captain
strode across the floor, extending his
hand with a majestic sweep. , ¦
"All these things— all of 'em— anything
we want, we can take!" he muttered, but
not to them. Thev could plainly see he
was talking to himself. Wrapt in wild
dreams of unchecked depredation he
stamped about, fingering the garden hose,
prying behind the carriages, tossing his
head and breathing hard.
Suddenly came a step as of a man
walking on gravel. It drew nearer, near
er. For one awful moment the lieutenant
seemed in danger of thinking himself a
frighte.ned little boy in a strange barn;
he plucked at his sash nervously. The
next' instant two hands fell from oppo
site directions on his shoulders.
"Get into a carriage— quick, quick,
quick!" hissed the head captain, and he
heard the vicar panting , as she shoved
him under the flap of the sheet that
draped a high-swung victoria.
Thump! thump! thump! went her heart,
and the lieutenant's breath whistled
through his teeth. Never in their lives
had "such straining excitement possessed
their every nerve. Oh, go on, go on, or
* . shall scream!
He sauntered by, he opened some door
at the rear. The latch al 1 but clicked,
when a hollow but unmistakable sneeze
burst from the head captain's surrey. Im
mediately the door opened again. The
man took a step back. All was deathly
still, the echoes of their " leader's fateful
sneeze alone thrilled the hearts of his an
guished followers.
"Humph!" muttered a deep voice,
"that's queer. Anybody out there?"
- Silence. Silence that buzzed and
hummed and roared in the lcar's ears.
"Queer— I thought I heard • • •
Damn queer!" muttered the /man. The
lieutenant shuddered. That was a word
whose possibilities he hesitated to con
sider.' Piracy is bad enough, heaven
knows, but profanity is surely worse.
, Again the . latch clicked. After an art
ful pause the nose of the head captain
appeared. Inserted at an Inquiring angle
between the two sheets that draped the
surrey. " Cautiously he swung himself
down, cautiously he 'tiptoed toward the
others. -,- •• ¦
"Sat! sst! All safe!" he whispered.
They scrambled 'out, and a glance at his
reserved frown taught them that the re-
Cent sneeze must not be mentioned.
Like cats they crept up the stairs and
"Pshaw, no!" interrupted the head
captain. . "Not a baby thing like that! If
you dont know one. lieutenant, I'll make
"No. I'll say one," urged the lieutenant,
bajtlly. "Ill say one, captain, ru say
"What'll I say? What'll I say." he mut
tered, excitedly. "Not 'Hallow Be Thy
Name?' That's a long one."
"Now I lay " suggested the vicar
tremulously.
"Hats off, \my men." whispered the
head captain, hoarse with emotion, "and
we will say a prayer. Lieutenant," with
a noble renunciation In his expression,
"you may say the prayer!"
The lieutenant was touched and melted
from his sulky scorn.
The vicar conld not wait for any one
else's initiative, but began feverishly
pulling . up handf uls of hay and piling
them lightly over the dead pirate's boots.
The head captain covered tne man's body
with two hastily snatched armfuls, and
as the vicar's courage gave out at this
point., coolly laid a thin wisp directly over
the red face/ The pirate was buried. It
gave one a thrill to see hardly a dim out
line of his figure.
"That man." added the head captain, "Is
a dreadful bad fellow, I tell you. If he
was to catch us up here I don't know— I
don't know but he'd — here, come back,
lieutenant! Come back, I say!"
"If you take him off to bury h<m he'll
wake "
"Hush your noise!" interrupted the
bead captain angrily.
"He is dead." repeated the head cap
tain firmly. "Dead. I say. You shut up,
will you? And we must bury him."
The lieutenant looked sulky and chewed
the end of his sash. To be put down be
fore the vicar I It was hardly decent. And
she, in her usual and Irritating way,
grasped the situation immediately.
"We must bury him right off," she
whispered excitedly, "before that man
gets up here."
This seemed eminently probable. • The
lieutenant looked alarmed. He took a
step or two on the loft floor and returned,
relieved.
"No, he ain't dead, either," he an
nounced, "he's only as ''
"This is a dead pirate. He died de
fending—defending his life. He will be
discovered if we leave him here."
"Aye. aye, sir."
only the head captain's great presence of
mind prevented their falling backward
down the flight, for there on tha bay be
fore them lay a man stretched at full
length, breathing heavily. His face was
a deep red in color and a strong, sweet
ish odor filled the loft. They turned about
at the head captain's gesture and waited
while he stole fearfully up and examined
the man. When he rejoined them there
was a new triumph in his eyes, a greater
exaltation In his hurried speech.
"Come here, lieutenant i" i
"Why. I suppose It is. I shouldn't w'on
der, Maggie. I suppose the child picked
It up somewhere. Did you hear that.
Fred, about Mr. Van Tuyl's best harness?
All scattered through half the back yard*
on Winter street. All those brass orna
ments and parts of the very aide lamps.
too. Fortunately they found it all. Taka
that piece, Maggie, and give it to the man
when you see him."
The vicar sighed. Just then she fait,
with 'the poet, that homekeeplsg hearts
are happiest.
Some time during the hours of the next
morning, as she played quietly on th*
long piazza, she caught her mother's
voice, slightly raised to reach the cook's
ear:
The head captain and the lieutenant
threw themselves down under the pear
tree and fell Into a doze. The vicar,
grasping her treasure, stumbled up the
back stairs and took an informal nap on
the landing. It must hava been at this
time that the gold colored saucer slipped
from her hand, for when she woke on the
sofa In the upper hall it was nowhere
about.
"Who were they? "Who were they?**
the head captain repeated, scornfully.
"The idea! I gues,s you'd find out who
they were if they caught ym once!"
Tha lieutenant shot a sly glance at the
vicar. Did she know? You never could
tell. She pretended so.' She shivered at
the head captain's implication.
"Yes, sirree, I guess you'd find out
then." she assured him.
Suddenly the head captain's face fell.
•The treasure!" he gasped. "It's gone!"
In dismay they turned out their pock
ets. All those vessels of gold and silver
were lost— lost in that last mad rush. All
but the shallow, gold-colored saucer in
the vicar's hand. They looked at it en
viously, but honor kept them silent. Ta
the vicar belonged the spoils.
"I don't see what good they were, any
how," began the lieutenant, morosely.
** "Good?* " mimicked the head captain,
enraged. M *OoodT " Why, didn't we
steal 'emX*
Slowly they took off their uniforms and
hid them under the back piazza. Slowly
the occasion faded Into the light of com
mon day; objects lo«t their mystery, the
barn and tool house Imperceptibly divest
ed themselves of all glamour. It was
only the back yard.
"My, but that was a close shave! X
thought they'd got us sure!" breathed the
head captain. .
"Wh-who wera they?" asked the lieu
tenant, round-eyed.
Gravely ha led tha way downstairs and
climbed abstractedly through tha littla
window. Something; was evidently on his
mind.
"The last time I saw that pirate," he
began.
Tha lieutenant tripped, and sat down
abruptly.
"Tlie— the last time you saw him?" he
stammered.
"That's what I said," responded the
head captain shortly. "The last time I
saw him I didn't s'oosa I'd hava to bury
him. He'd Just got a lot of treasure and
stuff and— Sat! Sst! For your lives!"
They scuttled off desperately. The
ground was new to them, and had It not
been for providential garbage barrels and
outhouses they could hardly have hoped
to conceal themselves from th'o man who
was raking up the yard. To avoid him
they dashed straight through his barn
and rounded a summer house without
perceiving a small tea party going on thera
till they ran through It. X9 their own
sick terror and the abject amazement of
the tea party. They tore through a
hedge, panted a doubtful moment in a
woodhouse, then took up their headlong
flight with tha vague, straining pace of
crowded dreams. On. on, on. Slip behind
that lilac clump— wait I Sstt Sst! Then
get along! Oh. hurry, hurry! Pick up
your sash! Whose Is this yard? Never
mind! Hurry!
They dropped exhausted wider their
•wn pear tree.
The head captain was visibly impressed.
It had never occurred to him to say a
collect The lieutenant was not such a
poor stick after all.
i^ H"? " mi - MIa » ? Maja.ty to
worship the Unity, we beseech thee that
thou wouldst keep 's-keep 's steadfast
cr wouldst keep ' s steadfast-"
The lieutenant paused helplessly.
In this faith." addad tha vicar wltH
trtuxnph. dashing on with almost unintel
ligible rapidity, "and evermore dtfend us
from all 'dversitles, who livest 'n* deign
est one God, world 'thout end. Amenl".
She took a necessary breath, and
pushed back her mask still further from
her tumbled bang.
Almighty *n* everlastin* Qod. who's
riven unto us. thy servants, grace by tha
e nfesslon of a true faith t* acknowledge
th glory of th* Eternal Trinity, and
" ? An *» the power of tha Divine
Majesty—" prompted tha vicar ostenta-
Xiously.
•«r w««« tnat i aad yesterday. Walt t»
a second till I remember it." "¦"»•»
Tha heavy, regular breathing continue
to coma out from under tha hay whir*
U.y tha martyred pirate. ar *
The lieutenant cleared his throat, shut
his eyes tight to assist his memory and
began his burial service:
There was no answer and the head cap
tain settled his neck more firmly. "Come
on!" he said. ;'.V v
They looked at the sharp edge of the
hogshead ; It was far away. They looked
inquiringly at the vicar; she dropped' her
"eyes.
The head captain ' smiled to himself.
"I guess you kids never'd get out o*
here unless I showed you how," ho re
marked cheerfully.
"Forward! March!" Ha took the ona
step possible and scowled • because they
did not follow him.
"Don't you sec?" he said irritably.
"When I cay 'three,' fall over. Now,- one,
two, three!"? • . •
He pushed the lieutenant ' and vicar
against the side of the barrel and ! pre
'cipltated himself against them./The.bar
*rel wavered, tottered and fell with a bang
i on its side, the subordinate j officers
jouncing and. gasping, unhappy cushions
for. their head captain, who crawled out
over them, adjusted his collar and strode
off across the chicken yard. At the gate
Suddenly a Gull, echoing crash shook the
floor. 'The vicar gqueaked In nervous ter
ror. Z say squeaked} because with grand
presence of mind, the lieutenant smothered
• her. certain scream In tha folds of his ever
ready sash, and only a faint chirp dis
turbed the deathly silence that followed
the crash. The head captain's hand trem
bled, but he held the cover of the chest:
and waited. Again that hollow boom,
followed by a rustling as of hay bain*
dragged down and a champing, swallow
injr. gurgling. sound.
"Nothln* but the horses," whispered the
lieutenant; removing: his sash. "Shut up,
now!" '
The vicar breathed again. The head
captain bent over tha ch««t.
"Oh! Oh! Oh, fellow's!. Look a-herer
His .-voice shook.. His eyes stared wide*
They crept nearer and caught big breaths.
There In the old chest, carelessly thrown
together,, uncovered, unprotected,- lay a
glittering wealth of strange gold and sil
ver treasures. Knobs, cups, odd pieced,
shallow saucers, countless rings as big
as small cookies, plain bars of metal,
heavy rods.
The head captain's eyes shone feverish
ly, he breathed "quick.
"Mere, here, , here!" . he *rhtsp«red, and
thrust his hands into the box. He ladled
out a handful to the vicar. . For a mo*
ment she shrank awayj and then, as a
THE SUNDAY CAIjI*.
A STUDY IN PIRACY
6
ADVEBTISEM5HT&
DR. CHARLES FLESH FOOD
Fop the Form and Complexion.
Has been success.
>2VAY«L. f" 11 ? u>ed by lead-
fi&Sr %5t5i ln * MtreMet. «lnj-
ff(&${ £L ers * nd w omen of
LVst r-m HJSK fashion for mor* than.
KcXT w w 23 years.
PJS «V j^ Wherever «ppl!i»<l
TT# U u l n »tantljr ab-
Z3 *^I sorbed through the
y * T pores of tho skin.
jj i and its wonderful
/y V nutrition faedi th»
f wastins (Issues.
V«vi!3^ v y Ai If by m&f tc. on*
K11PR* \n application of too.
I AeJt'TSww'W ihowlnj a remarit-
)J J» able improvement.
ok. (.HARL£S FLESH FOOD Is positively
tha only preparation known to medical sclenc*
that will round out hollows In th« neck and
produce firm, healthy flesh on thin cbeelu,
arms and hands.
pOIt CEVEI.OPI2IO THE BUST
Or breasts shrunken from nurstns; it haa the
highest indorsement of physicians. Two boxes
are . often sutnclent to maka th* bust Orm.
lance and beautiful.
SOLD BY THE EMPORIUM AND OTHER
DEPARTMENT STORES AND DRUGGISTS.
Recular price, J1.00 a box. but to all who
take advantage of this SPECIAL OFFER and
send us one dollar wa will send two (2) boxes.
In' plain wrapper.
Fn F 1= — A •ample, box and oar book.
• » t* C-xHT OF MASSAGE," fnUy lUus>
trated, will be sent free to any Udy sending- 19
cents to pay for cost of mailing. Address -
DR. CH1XLES CO., 13 Ft* Kms. Xtv Tok.byJjqhn foster: fRazepl
In England responsible positions are given to elderly men. It is con
sidered that they are safe, the v are sound, they will be inclined to do noth
ing rash. That is true enough. Thc American, however, does not want
that kind of man. He wants a man with youthful vigor, with ideas, a man
who has his way to make, not one who is content to glide from middle ace
to an elderly age by just keeping things going in a respectable, decorous way.
So young men in America are placed at the heads of departments. They
make mistakes. The employer, however, is wise enough to see the vounar
man can do something else besides make mistakes. . He forgets the occa
sional slip in recognizing merits in other directions. A young man. there
fore, feels ¦ confidence placed in him. and he never relaxes energy in his
ardor to produce something better, more attractive, something that will lift
him up and make him worth a huge salary. •
The greatest of all reasons why,' in the long run, the American business
man gets ahead of John Bull is his appreciation of youth. "The American
young man is far more highly valued than is the young Englishman.. The
English youth, however, need not ccwnplain he does not receive the same
chance. He does not deserve it. The American youth has his fauIts^ — he
frequently jars on one's nerves-ybut he takes as keen an interest in his busi
ness as the English youth takes in cricket.'He is just. as eager for his firm, his
city, his country, to be on top as the English lad is for his county to be
successful at the wickets. He talks business. He has a watchful eve for im
provements. He loves the hurrvand scurry of trade. Trade is not a bore
to him. It is his life's blood. He does not grumble at his hours. He
works longer hours than the Englishman, but always with zest and deter
mination. He may be poor, but he will scrape money enough together to
give him a course at one of the universities. The universities are not ourelv
academic, like Oxford and Cambridge, for they strive after fitting a lad to
take his place as a business man.
English Appreciation of Soundness.
American Appreciation of Youth.
The Ai lerican business man makes it his duty to keep his finger on tha
pulse of popularity. He does not bring out an article to see if the public
will like it. He watches the trend of public fancy, and meets it more than
half way. Take the great department stores, such as one sees , in Chicago,
New York and St. Louis. Everything is done to cater to popular fancy.
Everything is done to make a visit to one of these stores pleasant and in
teresting. Thereis no badeerinsr of customers to buy; no attempt is made
to foist an article on a customer when something glse has been asked for.
There is no waiting, as in English drapery establishments, while packages
are wrapped up and stowed away before other packages are brought out.
The person vho sells is often a different person altbgether from the person
who wraps the packages up. "Ah," says the Englishman, "but I could not
keep a big staff to do this kind of work." Neither does the American keen>
a hig'staff. One of the most interesting things in American dry goods is the
corps of what are called "contingent girls." A contingent jrirl is one who
can sell anything. She is bright, attractive, has been in the ribbon depart
ment, the mantle department, the shoe department, the underwear depart
ment. Her knowledge is all-round. At different times in the year. 4 at dif
ferent times in the week, and even day, there are particular rushes in par
ticular departments. What the American does is to have a minimum staff,
and then u«e the batch of contingent girls for whatever department the rush
may be in for the hour.- So you do not find, as in England, one depart
ment extremely busy, and the assistants of another department twiddling
their thumbs. If thc weather be sultry and summer garmcntsMemanded. the
contingent girls, or sufficient of them, are moved to that particular depart
ment. If the rush be for umbrellas and mackintoshes, because a spell of
wet weather has set in, they will be equally serviceable selling those articles.
The Watchfulness . of Americans.
now and then contracts will come back to England because of dissatisfac
tion with American material, the drift is undoubtedly toward a large recog
nition of American goods.
' It is my last wish to draw odious, comparisons. While, therefore. I
have given this instance, not favorable to the American, I candidly admit,
as one who has" traveled in thirty-four different countries, studying trade
conditions in -them* all,* that the American will always adapt himself to, the
requirements of each particular country. What is good enough for London
does, not mean that it is suitable for Calcutta. The American appreciates
that what is all right for Chicago won't do for Bombay. Whether it be elec
tric cars or whether it be cotton goods he adapts them to the particular
country and people for whom they are intended. He does not wait for
people to come to him and ask what he has to sell. He goes to them. He
convinces them that his wares are the best they can procure. British trade
in- the East — in India, in China, preponderates, mountains high,
over the meager amount of business the Americans are doing in these two
particular countries. The Americans, however, are there, and. judging from
proportionate increase in the respective volume of business, it is a fact that
the Americans are booming ahead. In Siberia I have met a dozen Ameri
cans engaged in pushing American goods, and only three Englishmen— on«
representing an American firm, another representing a French firm, and the
third in the employ of a Russian firm. Out on the wild steppes I have come
across the catalogues of American goods in the Russian language. Occa
sionally I have come across catalogues of English goods, but they have been
in English, which is about as serviceable as Chaldaic. v.: • , .
Another reason the American is more successful than his English
brother is that he is more daring — I almost wrote he is more of a gambler.
The Englishman won't move unless he is sure of his footing. The Ameri
can is inclined to make a spring, neck or nothing, positive in his" heart,
though many men come croppers, that he will land safely on his feet. The
Englishman is disposed to take the attitude, "What was good enough for my
father is good enough for me." Nothing is good enough for the American,
save toxnething far better than he Has at present. He is alert and filled with
a wholesome discontent. The Englishman is slow moving, sure and safe,
end po««esses the belief that he is not on the earth to tear himself in pieces
for the sake of money.
This difference is the outcome of climate, environment and conditions of
society. Affairs are settled in England, and rapid changes do not commend
themselves — just as in the Eastern parts of the United States the same settle
ment is taking place, and there is now a hesitancy toward adopting the rip
and-tear and goaheadness so prevalent in the Western States. America is
young, and has all the impetuosity of youth. England is middle-aged, pros
perous, with a big banking account and disposed to take life easily.
The American business man has a faculty, which the Englishman* has
not. of keeping his best goods in his shop window. What I mean is that
all that is good in his firm, all the achievements, are advertised to the
world. A great Englis"h firm secures a contract for some great work in
some corner of the earth, and involving- millions of money. Little is said
about it in England. A three or four line paragraph may appear in 'the
newspapers. That is all. The Englishman reads the paragraph and forgets
it the next minute. In America there will be columns of interviews, illus
trations, and much talk about the irresistible advance of American / trade.
The blare of trumpets is altogether out of proportion to the triumph.
But it is useful for the American firm. It produces enthusiasm.
The Valucof Advertising R.ecognized.
The Americans know how to advertise. Large firms, such as the dry
goods stores in .New York and Chicago; give premiums for ideas. Any
thing that is good will be liberally paid for. At the head of most of the ad
vertising departments are experienced journalists drawing large salaries;
men who can present brightly and interestingly the attractions of the wares
for sale * Pick up an American magazine and read its pages of advertise
ments There you. will see art, inventiveness, candor, open dealing, the very
things which strike right to the mind of the reader. Pick up an English
magazine and look at the advertisements. Generally they will be heavy,
«todgy unattractive, the same month after month. I don't say the same
style of advertising is suitable for both countries. The Englishman is a
skeptic and advertisements are things he regards with a quizzical eye. The
American is more receptive. He is easier moved, and the two things— good
advertising and the convincibility of the. American — argue good returns; for
the cost of advertising. ' . > _ „ . ,
The adaptability of the American is a thing which all British business
men will do well to study. I have traveled in many parts of the world, and,
though British goods are to be seen in the most out of the way corners,
it is nevertheless a fact that a considerable volume of trade has been lost
*implv because the British manufacturer will not adapt himself to local cir
cumstances He is prone to say. "I make a good article, and I am not go
ing to make a bad one to suit anybody." British-made goods are the best.
For quality and endurability American articles are as yet a considerable way
behind In these days, however, of hot rivalry, quality and endurability are
not the only things to be considered. I believe that if they tried the Ameri
cans could produce equal — I will even go so far as to readily admit better —
articles than Britain turns out. The tendency, however, of the present day
in America is rather quantity than quality. If quality can be got. well and
good— but quantity at a cheap price is the main consideration. The Amer
ican recognizes that the purchaser is the person who decides, and if people
of the Ea*st want gaudy, good-looking material, though shoddy, he will make
it for them. He knows it is not pood. He does not — outside his advertis
ing page pretend it is. It is. however, what is wanted, and he is the man
The Daring of American Methods.
\ *?jl2t&^$kS' °^ *^ c r€asoni Jonathan is ahead of.John is that he has
xE /i^^^W *" abidin S confidence he cannot "be other than successful.
d)iz[ L^$$ / y r w The avcra 8e Englishman, has a touch of the pessimist in j
\r^r\^^}-hy!ff^ *" m - If vou meet him abroad it. is generally by accident .
lt*^^uS^^^p^1 you discover what his profession' is." If he is a business
iir^t^^^^^^V man he probably tries to hide:U; He is self-depreciatory,
\(p# &/&*>¦$?£*?. and disposed to minimize thc achievements of his firm.
[tfl^P-ffi.^o'ligil*;; For anybody to say of him, "He does not advertise," he
regards as a compliment.
On the other hand, the American business man is absorbed, heart and
soul, in his work. He love* to talk "shop." He loves to tell you all he
has done, and what his firm has done. This buoyancy of good spirits and
self-confidence do not induce the minimizing of anything. He has got the
exuberance of young manhood. He tells himself, and his newspapers tell
him, he is the most magnificent fellow in the world, that he invented every
thing, and that the rest of the world are played-out toddlers in his wake. Of
course he, is wrong. What the European student of American affairs finds
perplexing is the lack of proportion and perspective in appreciation of their
country's advancement by Americans themselves.
When, however, this is put aside, when all has been said about bragging,
there remains in the American character an enthusiasm, an absolute sure
ness of success which is part of the battle toward success itself. Failures in
business make the Englishman hesitate. Failures in the United States sat
isfy the American that so many competitors are. now out of the way, and
he has a better chance. 'ff-
WHY AMERICANS ARE MORE SUCCESSFUL THAN BRITONS
a *^^^ T|OW come the gentle days when the
liljwjci:! I^Iciy i fashionable preacher goes abroad for a
•fe-p-- t= k - ; -=¦ vJWfc-T- i vacation and the devil works overtime
WWA !^i i to fil1 thc pulpit 
l^sSc^^^^^ Thc whcd » in * m*a'« head are not'
j»^M>raW«BKMft al^ yl whccl , of {ortun but . morc (
often a regular spin ginny game that I
ntrrtx point* to prizes.
• * " ¦*.'"
Oa«'» nose on a grindstone often sharpens one's wits. \ '
The fellow who sizes up a fish generally tells Ihe biggast '
When a man rails at the success. of another it is time to .
pet up stakes that he will be left at the post
• - • ' • * ; (¦ ¦-: '
Sis* vp yoor friends by the size of your purse. i
• • •
Thtr« h alwan time enough to get marriod if girU would (
cal/ think so, 1
• • • ¦ \
Uroa work whh a sing-song whin* it will get on your (
aerr**. But the Song of Hope is always an allegro ,
raeajur*. '
: 7'»'' ? • ' :i .1
A titled Englishwoman has an entire menage of women, 1
cofhmrn, gardeners and all. What makes some , women
ao reckless? .
* ' * *
H« langhs best who laughs at the other fellow. : • .
• * . •
Some people are not in half as great a hurry to get mar
riod aa tSey are to get unmarried. , '.' '
• •• •
A Harass's beauty is her first claim. If she adds to
betcty wit and graciousness, -men manreL To hear a
woman's cleverness praised is proof that she is unattrac
tive personally. To hear both her beauty and wit praised
stamps her as perfect.
• * •
A man is faithful to a woman only through his selfishness.
If he loves her it is for his «wn sake and through his fear
of losing her that he is true.
• • •
Alimony is only two letters short on matrimony, but two
letters have been found to be long on alimony.
• * •
Two very good people would bore one another to death.
A man and wife should be contrasts.
» • *
' A woman's first glance at a man settles the question of
his character.
• * * •
The theatrical angel is the fellow who either pilots him;
self to ruin or the girl to the devil. Once in a great while
he slips hit trolley and bumps into a success: .
¦••'•'¦*• .*•¦¦¦"
A woman 1 ! intuitions should always . guard her. The
woman who plunges into love is more apt to be happy than
the woman' who argues herself or is argued into a love
affair. . . -. ¦ -. •¦* V"' • ¦ ¦ '. ¦-:* :: ,--;^-j:X 1
;:_»;> * ».. • ¦•¦- . -.-;X . • <
A colicky baby it .not the only thing that will' keep one 1
awake at night (but it's, bad enough, goodness knows). V
."..'-': t '.•• '¦'.-• : • •¦ ¦ -'. ' .' , ' ¦¦ ¦ -¦ .,'¦
Being disappointed in love or disappointed in matrimony)
is very different with long odds on love. ¦ . \
if-,--:,- ';??.?; ,|
People who think themselves awfully unlucky; are often I
only lazy: 3=' ' * 1
The fellow who knows it all seldom has sense enough to
know a thing or two. ' > '
• > * . '.' . ¦* o* ¦..
Some people are such an easy mark that they ought to
go through life labeled "All in trouble call." A telephone
attachment would not be a bad idea, so that you could ring 1
up for what you want. • " V: 1
It does not co it much to blow off a lot of hot air, but to (
blow off the dust might sometimes be a pretty expensive
experience ¦: • . .., I
A man who tries to work off his surplus wit on the street
car conductor sometimes gets more "than the change for his
fare. ¦'¦."¦ '¦ • '
',/'?;. . ? * -. . . t
When people marry for fun the laugh is on them. t ,'-,
A virtuous consciousness that you are doing and seeing
everything naughty keeps the sad-eyed reformer busy. ..''
? " • ? . ' . %.'
Hope will not amount to much unless you hustle for the,
things you hope for. .
The fellow with an abiding faith is he who believes ira-'
plicitly in himself, even when he knows he is lying. 1
Love controls the matrimonial market, but money often.
corners it.
• • ¦ ? ¦ .'.,/ ¦;¦.-; i 1
Prosperity often deals knockout blows first at the head,!
then at the solar plexus. . '- ¦ "i
* * * ' '¦¦ * 1
A man does not amount to much when he has to. travel
on the reputation of his ancestors. ' • ¦ (
• ¦ .* • ? ¦ -.; ' .¦•¦• i <
A woman will keep herself perfectly miserable over her!
love affairs and still persuade herself that she is happy. - .. (
? * ¦ ? - . . ¦ ¦¦ ¦ . .- . '
Put your trust in Providence, but hustle for a job.
THE SUNDAY, .CALL.
Next week: "PREFERENTIAL TARIFFS," by SIR H. SETON-KARR.
M. P. ' - &S • ¦•"."
(?Copyright in the United States of America by D. T. PIERCE.)
"Brother Zeke," says he, "I shall certainly let your words
soak in. I want to be a number two red, hard, sound and'
clean sort of a man, and grade contract on delivery dny. (
Perhaps, as you say, the. rust has got into me and the "In-i
spector "won't pass me, and if I can see it that way I'll settle,
my trades and get out of the market for good." (
The Deacon knew that Brother Bill'had scraped together
considerable property, and, as he was a bachelor, it»would
come to' him in case the broker-was removed by any sud-i
den dispensation. What he, really feared was* that this,
money might be fooled away in high living and specula-,
tion. 1 And so he had banged away into the middle of the
flock, -hoping to bring down those two birds. Now that 1
it began to look as if He might -kill off the whole bunch
he started in to hedge. . > -¦ .- .... ...... (
"Is it safe, William?" "says he. . .
"As Sunday-School," says Bill, "if you do a strictly brok-'
erage business and don't speculate." ; #> : '
"I trust, William.. that you recognize the 'responsibilities,
of your stewardship?" , * j" 1 "-,
Bill fetched a groan. "Zeke," says • he, "you cornered
me there, and I 'spose I might -as; well walk up to the Cap-'
tain's office and settle. I hadn't bought or sold a bushel on 1
my own account in a year till last week; when I! got your 1
letter saying that you were corning.' .Then I saw. what,
looked like a safe chance to scalp the market ;foWa' couple,
of cents a bushel, and I bought 10,000 September, . intend
ing to turn over the profits to you as a little present, so
Well, one fall the Deacon decided to go to Chicago him
self to buy his winter goods, and naturally he hiked out
to Brother Bill's to stay, which was considerably cheaper
for him than the Palmer House, though, as he told us when
he got back, it made him sick to see the waste.
Well, when . Brother Bill got home, from business that
first night, the Deacon explained that every time he lit a
two-bit cigar he was depriving a Zulu of twenty-five helpful,
little tracts which might have "made a better man of him:
that fast horses were a snare and plug hats a wile of the
Enemy; that the Board of Trade was the Temple of Belial
and the brokers on it his sons and servants. . v ->
Brother Bill listened mighty patiently to him, and when
the Deacon had pumped out all the Scripture that was in
him and was beginning, to suck air, he sort of slunk into
the conversation like a setter pup that's been caught with
the feathers on his chops. $ ;,
Vj • <o rf^\ LEAKING of sure things naturally'
>^~^(<l &i?Cv calls to mind the case, of my old friend'
'^^X§?J/^L cacon Wiggleford, whom I used to^
'V^^^v/Cfl know back in Missouri years ago. Thc^
s*^ V^Sy Deacon was a powerful pious man, and I
¦ i.i^^v-g he was good according to his lights^
p§SvjsS35?^SS2?£ but he'Hidn't use a very superior article^
o { kerosene to keep them burning. {
. Used to take up half the time in
prayer meeting talking about how we were all weak vessels
and stewards. But he was so blamed busy exhorting others
to give out of the fullness with which the Lord had blessed
them that he sort of forgot that the Lord had blessed him]
about fifty thousand dollars' worth, and put it all in. mighty]
safe property, too, you bet. . \
The Deacon had a brother in Chicago whom he used to
call a sore trial. Brother Bill was a broker on the Board
of Trade, and, according to the Deacon, he was not only
engaged in a mighty sinful occupation, but he was a mighty^
poor steward of his sinful gains. Smoked two-bit cigars(
and wore a plug hat. Drank a little and cussed a Jittle arid*
•A-ent to the Episcopal Church, though he had been raised!
a Methodist. Altogether it looked as if Bill was a pretty^
hard nut. -,' ' .- . ..¦ . , i
¦ 7 (From "I^etUm From ¦ a Srif-Made Merchant to 1T!« Son."' by
Oeorra Horace Lorlm-r. ."• By permission ot SinalV MaynarU & Co.,
Publishers, Boston, Mas?.) . •¦ • .. ¦ - • .'. ,
"Yes." Bill went on. "and I'm ashamed of it. for you've
made me see things in a new light. Of course, after what
you've said. I know it would be an insult to offer you the
money. And. I feel now that it wouldn't be right to ;keep
it myself. I' must sleep on it aivd try to find the straight
thing to do."
I guess it really didn't interfere with Bill's sleep, but tht
Deacon sat up with the corpse of that two hundred dollars,
you bet. In the morning at breakfast he -asked Brother
Bill to explain all about this speculating business, what
made the market go tip and down, and" whqthcj real corn
or wheat or pork figured Hn- any stage of. a deal. Bill
looked fort of sad and dreamy-eyed, as" if* his conscience^
hadn't digested that two "hundred yet, but he was mighty*
obliging about '-explaining, everything to ZeJ»e,.; He had
changed his face for the one' which he wore ~wheh he sold
an easy customer ground -peas and chicory for O. G. Java,
and every now and then he gulped as if he was going to
start a hymn. When Bill told .him how pood and bad
weather sent the market, up and down he nodded and said
that that part of it was air right, because the weather was
of the Lord.
"Not on the Boardof Trade it isn't." Bill answered back;
"at least not to any marked^cxtent: it's from the weather
man or some liar ih'the,?Q,rq*belt. and. as the" weather man
usually reckons wrong. 1/ reckon there isn't any special in
spiration about it. The game is to guess what's going to
happen, not what has happened, and by the time the real
weather comes along everybody has guessed wrong and
knocked the market off a cent or two."
•That made the Deacon's chin whiskers droop a little, but
he began to ask questions again, and by and by he dis
covered that away behind— about a hundred miles behind,
but that was close enough for the Deacon— a deal in futures
there were real wheat and pork. Said then-' that'. he'd Jbeen
misinformed! and misled; that speculation was a legitimate
business, involving skill and sagacity: that his last scruple
was removed,. and that "he would accept the two hundred.
Bill brightened right ..up at. that and thanked him for put
ting it so clear and removing the doubts that had been
him. Said that he- ro'ulri:. srjcculate with a clear
conscience after listening to. the Deacon's able exposition
ofthe subject. , Was only sorry he. hadn't seen him to talk
it over before breakfast, as the two hundred had been fying
so-heavy on his mind all night that he'd got up early and
mailed 5 > check for/ it' to the Deacon's pastor and told him
to spend it on his poor. r
-Zeke took the evening train home: in order to pry : that
check out of the elder, but old Doc. Hoover was a pretty
quick stepper himself and ; he'd blown the whole two hun
dred as- soon as he got It, buying winter coal for poor
people. * ¦ .' . ' .. ; " . . ---. : "' \ : "
that you could, sec the town and have a good time without
it's costing you anything."
The Deacon judged from Bill's expression that he had
got nipped and was going to try to unload the loss on him,
so he changed his face to- the one which he used when at
tending the funeral of any one who hadn't been a professor,
and came back quick and hard: . .. . ;
"I'm surprised,. AViljtam, that you should think I would,
accept money made. in gambling. Let this be a lesion to
you. How much did you lose?"
"Thai's the worst jof it— I didn't lose; I made two hun
dred dollars,'' and Bill; hove; another sigh.
"Made two hiindrcd dollars!" echoed the Deacon, and
he changed his fa'ce A again for the one which he used, when
he found, a lead quarter in.: his till and ¦ couldn't remember
who had passed it on him. . - ¦• ,*'¦ j,-^.- -
THE DEACON'S "FLYER"
Recently I traveled by .the 'Trans-Siberian ,iine across Asia: .'Most.' of the rails Were AmericanV They were not
of good quality. Indeed they were fpb'or stuff. '•¦' English firms -had been'giyen.anibppQrtunity. to provide rails" for
this line, but they could riot producethe '-'article : they usually manufactured^ at ¦ the price "the Russian Government
was willing to pay. So England, lost millions of pounds. Neither. could American firms .produce a good article for
the price. But they could produce an article of a sort,- money's worthy and «i it was a poor article that was not their
look-out. I can conceive the British manufacturer' hugging himself on "reading this and feeling complacent in. the
knowledge he does^not send out rubbish. "That.-however, is. not . the.'point. -5 Business- is business, and . if a' man
wants a certain thing for a shilling the American will provide it, and not stand on one side like the Englishman
and say, "I have always charged eighteen pence, and I" am not going to make anything for a less price." ..'•' It is this
complacency on the part of the Englishman that is losing him much of the trade -the American gets, and though
Author of .'American at Work," Etc., Etc.
7
ME-OWS OF A KITTY(Copyright, 1903. by Anthony Barker.)
IF everv one would climb trees and
take care not to c«t on rotten limbs,
there would be less need of doctors.
A strong tree is nature's raost com
plete gymnasium, and the handiwork
•f man has not been able to Improve on
St. It offers an outdoor and hot weather
•ystem of physical culture that cannot b«
excelled.
Everything that can be don* In an arti
ficial gymnasium for upbuilding the body
ran be' executed in a tree, and the best
oxygen in the world can be got besides.
The parallel and horizontal bars, the trap
eze, the climbing rope, the ladder, the
vaulting horse, the flying rings, the pull-
Ing and lifting machines and balancing
and stretching apparatus— all are repre
sented In the tree. And further, the Ieaf-_
ctrewn and moss covered ground beneath
the reach of the branches constitutes tho
best of mats.
With such a natural and free gymna
sium around him everywhere, -there is no
reason r^hy man should net 'be strong,
and especially why be should not build
up a good health foundation during this
time of the year, when even the most
confined business man manages to slip
out Into the country two or three times
a week at least.
All that a man needs to do tn bring
about results so beneficial to himself and
his business is to scramble up into a tree
and try to emulate his reputed ancestor,
the- monkey.
For its size, the monkey is the strong
est of all animals. It has more power
In its arms than any other living thing.
This is due to no other reason than that
¦ the monkey takes his exercise in the best
gymnasium that nature has provided for
the health of her children. Therefore,
the m«n who will scramble about a tree
as nearly as possible like a monkey will
"The Incandescent light is obtained at
an expense of 95 to 88. per cent of th* en
ergy passing through the circuit; the loss
Is heat Since the original electrical en
ergy paaslns through the circuit is often
from 10 to 13 per cent of the chemical en
ergy of the coal used at the power plant,
the final effect of lisht is less than 1 per
cent You can easily see how costly In
candescent lights really are, and there Is
little prospect of Improvement at present
The converting of energy into light
through heat and electricity means the
transformation of energy twlc* Into heat
—that is. into a disorganized form— and
the total loss Is tremendous. The greatest
problem In science to-day is to eliminate
heat as an intermediary form of energy.
While this is one of the severest exer
cises that can be done In a tree, it is yat
one of the best. Scarcely anything ex
cels it for building up the shoulders and
putting them in proper position. It fs
equally berieflciaT to the back of the arms
and all the' muscles between the shoulders
and the neck.
Care should be taken not to select too
high a limb for this exercfSS. Its sever
ity might cause the novice to lose his
hold, and even though leaf covered
ground Is an excellent mat. It would not
prevent the novice falling from a con
siderable height setting a good shaking
IV. Limb Cltmblng.-Cllmb th* trte to
a handy limb. Walk out on It, get on
your knees and grab it with your hands
placed by the knees. Then free the knees
of the limb and lower the legs their full
length, supporting the body by the arms
and the stomach. (Figure 4.) When the
position is firmly secured, clear the stom
ach of the limb and allow the body to
sag by bending, the arms, at urst a little.
and later on to their fullest extent Than
push up until the arms are straight one*
x&ore.
While the body 1* outstretched frequent
ly draw up th* arms until chest and h*ad
touch the' limb. '
'The entire exercise upbuilds th* front
of the chest, the baclc of tho legs and the
hands' and arms generally.
III. Limb Traveling.— Grab a conveni
ent limb on either side, with the hands
close . together, preferably touching.
Draw op and Interlock the leg* over th*
limb. Then, keeping the legs In th* orig
inal position, travel hand over hand away
from them until the body caa be out
stretched no more. (Figure S.) After re
taining this position for a few moment*
travel back. until th* hands almost touch
the knees. '
after several trials, to this inverted pnsi
t:.->n. attempt, by the power of vhe ah
domlnul muscles alone, to raise up the
btdy so that the hands can grasp the
lln.1- agn't..
The exercise can be varied by swaying
the body backward, forward and side
¦wtse. It is splendid for the legs and the
abdominal region. The value of the
blood rushing to the head and chest can
not be overestimated. It is & oonditloa
that raxely occurs la civilised, life* much
to the detriment of the human sjriUm.
A good ntck exsrcl** can b* secured
while the body Is Inverted by taming the
head with the body as it sways, and by
lifting the head up and trying to look
backward at the heels. The heela will not
b« seen, but the muscle* of th* front
part of th* neck will b* beneflatsMy
stretched.
Figure 2 shews the first position for tfe«
exarclae.
PHYSICAL CULTURE IN NATURE'S
GYMNASIUM
THE SUNDAY (Atiti.
appwent effort. Indeed, after a few days
of scrambling about a thousand and one
different exercises will occur to the mind.
'Limit the exercise by no rule other than
the approach of weariness. /And -don't
become discouraged over a skinned arm
or shin. - Good, pure blood, such as is ob
tained by tree work, soon brings new
skin. _ '
L Drawing Up Exercise— Search out a
convenient and strong limb Just beyond
your reach and Jump for and get a firm
hold on i V Then, keeping the feet
straight toward . the" ground,', try . to raise
up the body by the power of .the hands
and place the chin over the' limb... In like
manner raise the body until the limb is
in the i middle of the abdomen.
. After these' exercises have been execut
ed until weariness results," spring, to the
ground on the toes and with the knees
bent When you are rested recover : the
limb with the hands and this time prac-
tice drawing up .and throwing the legs
over the limb, singly and together, inside
and ': outside - the space of the bands and
bringing yourself to a sitting posture.
Each and all of the .various movements
are" fine f oi '•; the : whole , upper , part of th«
body, the arms and shoulders being es
pecially de vei oped, . while the lung power
is materiall> . increased.
Figure 1 shows how the body Is drawn
up to the chiri or to "stomach" the' »imb.
The legs are thrown over the limb from
the same oos'tioa.
II. Hanging by the Knees.— Climb up the
tre© trunk to a suitable limb and sit on it,
with legs dangling. Holding on with
hands, gradually let the upper part of the
body hang down until the limb is In the
crotch of the knees. Then, when the legs
have a firm held on the limb, looaia tba
hands and remain * in this position for a
few moments. • *
When you have become accustomed.
Ther* is much more hope of development
fn the arc light, and that there are many
improvements alone this line soon to be
made is not to be doubted. v ou wer»
asking me about a number of inventions."
says Charles P. Steinmets in Success,
.-j ,„, »» e a great nany impracticable
ones. I class wireless telephony with
these. The best way yet discovered is
by using light waves. Light waves w.»»
affect the electrical capacity of some sub
stances so much that any chance in the
starting point of the light rays will ba
noted in a telephone attachment.
soon find his muscles becoming hardened
and bis health improving by leaps and
bounds. r .";---*7.::^
The sturdy forester, in this country and
abroad, the Game Warden In wooded re
gions, the lithe lumberman and the pow
erful backwoodsman are typical examples
of what tree scrambling and the pure air
of forests will do for the human bodv.
Tree work will not alone produce
muscle: it will promote self-reliance; it
will confer agility and lAheness. In addi
tion, the rough and tumble portion of the
exercise will work immense benefit by in
rsrting the body, wholly or in part, and
thus sending the blood bounding to parts
that require a reinforced blood supply at
times, but seldom get It. This is partlcu-
larly true of." the head; Hans by your
legs for a . few . moments and when *you
resume your normal position you will find
that Its unusual blood supply has cleared
the brain - wonderfully. So with other
parts of the body.
To do tree work properly It is not nec
essary . to wear a dress suit A pair of
old but strong trousers, an outing shirt
and rubber-soled slippers compose .the
most appropriate outfit. Dressed in this
manner you will be ready for all that'en
sues and will not be likely to have your
mind distracted by . a sudden . rent in
trousers or shift. ' \ "
The four exercises described are but
samples of many exhilarating movements
that can be studied out with little or no
Outdoor exercise In the trees
promotes strength and health
in all the way* that this can be
done in the best equipped arti
ficial gymnasium — Exercises
that can be easily executed in
a tree interestingly described
and illustrated by photo
graphs showing a man doing
the exercises in a tree— A ben
eficial system of open air, hot
weather physical culture.
8U does not govern all ber movements by
any manner of means. Ob, no. It Is her
sweet and gracious manner, for, like
other women, this free lance of a girl
tnust possess certain charms or else she
present custom smiles upon the dinner
which boasts only of soup, •"•' the meat
course, a salad and the dessert.- ¦•¦' • ¦
And it's perfectly correct if properly
served. But this Is one of her sharpest
rubs. It's absolutely impossible for her to
be in two places at once. She can't very
well stand In her wee drawing-room and
receive her guests and take up the soup
at the same time. She isn't twins. But
she can, . with ' some ingenuity,' * find some
serving woman ' who" can. be . hired ' by . the
hour,' and' With ' a,'llttle ' timely: training
she can serve vthe dinner and wait upon
the ; table very nicely, and Incidentally
be • so, custom haa somehow,, drawn the
line at, eight guests, , and ' the i little table
set 'for eight . is much better form and
more modest than the one ready to wel
come some ; eighteen or twer.* y.
tact to manage these little affairs, bat if
¦he be a true gentlewoman,' born .and
bred, her dinners will pass off with the
utmost approval. :
-Some fancy .that the bachelor Is
given to dinner revels. Well, she isn't,
and couldn't be If she wanted to. Just as
soon as she .opens a pudding which sends
forth four and twenty blackbirds to flut
ter about and make a noise. she is decid
edly tabooed.'
She remembers that she holds her posi
tion Jn society by b*r Jatollke brwdlr-sr.
at her rood right hand and with aa able,
assistant at her worthy left sb.s is queea
of the situation.
X For the bachelor and her evenings there
Is just one big don't. Whatever else she.
may do she must not lose her dignity, for
It takes the place of many servants. and
it takes the places of a chaperon'. With
out it she cannot hope to bold her place
In the world, neither can she make any
progress toward the high position to
which any girl of education and gtntia
brt+din? may aspire.
THE BACHELOR
GIRL'S
EVENINGS
will never be popular. It Is on-* thlnjr to
be well bred and stiff and another to be
well bred and cordial, and in this respect
the bachelor Is well qualified. Early in
her industrious life she learns that arms
length cordiality is by far thebest. With
the score of folks, blunt, rushing. scurry-
Ing workers frank, sincere manners never
fail to be appreciated and so she works
on the plan of winning. respec by ability,
friendship by personal worth and admira
tion by simplicity and sweetness.
One of the very best things In Miss
Bachelor's life is that money dounts but
very little. And isn't It lucky for her
that it doesn't? * ...
¦\Vhen she invites; guests to dine with
her, if sjie be -.wire,. 'she will study the
simple, the un'a : ffe*etcd, and let gorgeous
ness take care,'of tts'elf. .Tftere is no rea
son for her spending many pennies on
decorations and she would be more than
foolish to be much tut of pocket for ser
vants' hire, and when it -comes to squan
dering a fortune on singers, musicians
and what nots as a means of entertain
ment she has reached the very "pinnacle
of folly.* If her friends are too blase to
enjoy a jolly -llttle^ttfnner and a merry
evening afterward they had far better
stay at home. 'At least they aren't worth
.fussing and feathering over.
But one thing is certain. If Miss Bach
elor makes no' -great: pretenses, she Is
•bound to have-'no annoying -troubles. Of
course. If she fancies a low cut evening
frock it is perfectly proper, but at times
it is apt to look a trifle far fetched. A
simple gown, but such as the wife of the
millionaire next door might covet, is far
prettier, and lo and behold she is pre
pared to receive as dainty f rocked as tha
finest lady in the land.
And why try to add so many ejxtra
frills when It come? to. the dinner. A four
course one is ample and there* isn't the
slightest reason for feeling; as though it
looked mean and cheap. Besides, just at
AM besides, they're more cosy. Ever
so much more.soi 'There Is no dividing
off Into couples, as one may do at a large
function, but. Instead, conversation is
general, for it certainly . would bo the
height of rudeness to break Into chatter
ing cliques of twos and threes. >;'
The dinner, like all other dinners, must
come to an end, and It wind* up with cof
fee and fun. but the grand finale may be
Just as tlie hostess best likes. She may
rise and with two or threjj of .her girl
friends go to the drawing-room!- leaving
the men with their cigars and stories. Or
the may follow- the far prettler^and more
sociable - custom, V which, -by the way. Is
now sanctioned by the best of society, of
serving coffee In- ther drawlngr-room with
the cigars as an accompaniment. To be
cure, it require3 some little amount of
and that as soon as she departs from this
high standard she lose* the position
which is; by right, hers. And once lo«t
it is lost to her forever. £he could nsv«r
hope in her maddest flream to climb back
Into the graces of gcod society, and when
It comes right down to It, any transgres
sor has a hard, enough time of It. Ostra
cism isn't the most pleasant thing in tha
world and no woman enjoys it. but unless
she knows the golden rules and rigidly
adheres to thrm she will wake up sud
denly some clay and find herself utterly
beyond the pale of recognition.
JHer dinner over, the maid removes the
coffee cups and then her ladysSlp finds
It high time to exert herself to tmuM
her chosen few. While the talk should
be light It certainly never should be com
mon. Scandal, the flippant story and the
darker side of Ufa never should be
touched upon, but far better pleasant sal
lies, a witty story or a bit of clever imlr
tation.
There are simply scores of ways of can
celing obligations, snd Just because she
Is differently situated In life does not
necessarily mean that the bachelor must
owe a million debts, more or less. An
awfully easy way is to arrange a musl
cale to follow a dinner and so practically
kill two birds with one stone. A dozen
br more additional friends dropping in
at 9 means but little more work and they
rarely fall to make a very pleasant finUn
to *n evening.
Few bachelors are blessed with apart
ments spacious enough to give a dinner
dance, but if space permits it is a splen
did way of knocking down ninepins, and
even If things are a bit crowded no one
really cares and while one Is at it might
Just as well do it up, brown. .
There Is but one trouble about this
dance, though. It is much more formal
abd frequently takes on quite the air of.
a function, and as such requires the serv
ing of a 12 o'clock supper. But after all
the. gorgeous expenditures "*of the matron
areYnoti expected of- the bachelor, and
•lc.es ijand' punch v wili aoswerrta ; .&U Intents
and purposes. "•". . ''VV-l^'
Dinners, dances and the llk» ar» all
very well and good arid, now and • then
they.arjB^de.emed posltfyely'.essentfaJ, bat
nine out' of . ten. &?rl3 much ,ij»refeT-th'e ¦ rol
licking chafing raten where all
hands assist in the preparation of the con
cocftlon*.-> There _ 1» -nothing elaborate
about It tnd she manages It easily. and
gracefully^ .entire paraphernalia 1*
TIME Is completely reversed for the
bachelor glrL Night Is her day. and
¦when she makes her hay she don't
do It by sunshine, but by the light of
the moon.
But Just the same she's exactly like any
•ther rtrL Instead of climbing wearily
Into her car. huddling Into a corner and
moodily thinking of a lonely dinner and
cherishing the alluring prospect of turn-
Ing In with the chickens, she sits up and
takes notice of every well-groomed wom
an about her. and at the same time plans
her evening furbelows, for it Is one of
the greatest reliefs in her busy life to
lay aside her professional garb aud put en
the pretty, fluffy house gown.
It goes without saying that the girl
bachelor is always a business girl cr a
professional woman, and one of the first
realizations that come to her Is that she
must dress herself suitably during the
day. Her work is all important then, and
she follows the inclination of her head
and not her heart. The "eternal fitness"
of things Is one of the codes of her life,
and the lives -jj> to it rigorously.
How would a young lawyer look in a
light eilk; a stager in a severe black suit;
a doctor In a sxv*-eping frock, with pretty
flying ends? Well, she wouldn't do much
of a busir.efsj=. The old saying, "clothes
don't make the man," may be true
enough, but they pretty nearly make the
woman. If a lawyer is clothed In a plain
black suit ehe looks as though she had
been in court before and as though the
law was tingling on the very ends of her
finger tips ready to be shaker, off at an
Instant's notice. Who would look twice
at a doctor rushing along with the trail
ing *kirts which fashion periodically pre
scribes? They are worn by ?hop girls and
any other girls, no matter what their occu
pation or manner of life may be, but one
fires a professional woman bent on eas
ing pain the credit of possessing enough
common sense to adopt the short skirt,
especially a* health and comfort so em
phatically demand it.
Bo the very lire t thing this Independent
girl does upon her arrival home is to
throw off her uniform of duty and let
her fancy run riot. It is her own busi
ness and decidedly no one else's what she
chooses to put on. and certainly she is
entitled to dress as daintily and as pret
tily as she pleases, not overstepping, of
course, the limit of good taste.
The world is a very harsh critic, and it
behooves every girl, particularly if she Is
alone, to have some slight regard for Its
conventionalities. She may know but lit
tle of Its rules and regulations and care
less, but ehe owes it In common justice
to herself to see that Mrs. Grundy lets
her severely alone.
Unfortunately for women, there never
has been a time, and from the looks of
things just now, never will be, when the
world will be entirely rid of scandal
mongers. Gossip, we might just as well
frankly admit, although we all hate to
like sixty, has a perennial Interest for
•ach and every one of us. It is all very
fine and daisy to flatter ourselves that
our interests in life are infinitely wider
than our neighbor's trifling doings, but
the fact remains Just the same thA if
we curb our tong-ues and speak no evil
we are wonders at listening to that which
f peaks no truth and works no righteous
ness.
And people do so love to take a hand
in a girls little affairs. They watch for
a time in absolute eilenre and then burst
forth wondering this and wondering that
until the innocent offender finds herself
the one absorbing topic of after-dinner
conversation. No actual harm in meant,
but nevertheless every time tale bearers
put their heads tog-ether they bave such
an astonishing array of newer and
ftronper facts that it takes but a short
time to tear a reputation to tatters. And
the trreat pity of it is that It ts all done
en the side and the girl in auestion is
penerally the last per;?on on the face of
the earth to hear or learn of the criti
cisms. "»"•'•*¦
Of course the bachelor sirl »>oes In so
ciety, and good rociety at that, for she
belongs to a class of her own making,
and she', above all people, knows full
¦well that h«r mode of living and her
very independence makes it a positive
necessity to have but the very best of
friend?. "Birds of a feather flock to
gether" and she takes precious good care
to pick and choose her flock. Mme.
Grundy may not so much as iarkfn her
threshold. And so when her .Jay's work
Is finished she is free to go hither and
thither, gladly welcomed In ar.y social
eet for which her education and rearing
best fits her.
Education goes a long. Ions way, but
Sunday Call
Women and Children's Section
: tide, tiki', bachelor over one of the keenest
embarrassments of her position. . ,. ..
x-"If>sh« .cares: to follow out rules laid
pdowh'by; the" smartset about leaving tho
v and .entering: the dining
room, she must be more than careful to
.manage" It) cleverly* or else -she may And
that" she -has '.unintentionally thrown a
wet;bla*ket<where">he Intended "to scat
ter high .spirit? V and good ; cheer. It is
easy ..to. -laughingly '-- reque*t ; 'a friend to
play 'host and, then {skillfully lead the lit
:tie *processionTj with any. * guest that
. chances ? > to. l>e "nearest her. v Naturally the
.'.'host" coines last; and then' all are seated
"as , soon as the; hostess takes her place.
;¦ Name cards are -a Jolly' and" aV pretty
way to seat guests, and when the names
are; written plainly upon them avoid those
little delays and breaks that are bo un
j pleasant, but that seem so unavoidable at
times:'.
"The dinners .which the bachelor girl
gives should be small ones, for, although
• there to no special reason why it should
C*T\ HE Sunday Call's highest am-
I bition is to do what it can for'
I the' boys and girls of v our
X country. It is for this reason
that; a special, series .of "Talks to
Parents on the Training of Children,"
by William J. Shearer, A. M., Ph. D.,
Superintendent of Schools of Eliza
beth, N. J.,- will begin next Sun
dft y- . y*;'y\ -":¦¦¦
• Very frequently attention is called
to the fact that upon the children of
the present will depend not only tho
prosperity, but 'also the very life of
the~ nation. How seldom is empha
sized tho truth that the future happi
ness of parents and children gener
ally depends upon* the character of
the training the children receive.
The first will be "Primary Bequi
sites of Proper Training." Then will
follow:
The mother's influence in training.
Punishments. -
The father's influence in training
children.
Training through encouragement.
Habits.
A sure method of ruining a child,
How to secure obedience.
How to deal with the had hoy.
Memory, imagination and reasoa.
The fears of children
The joys and sorrows of children.
The treatment of the delicate or
defective child.
The child's questions. - ... ;
Training a child not to cry. . ,
Training a child not to tease..
Training a child to' tell the truth.
Training a child in the- u» o<
money.
Pubescence and Adolescence.
Parental dont's.
Characteristics of a healthy child.
, Training a child's body.
Training a child's mind.
Training of the wUL. •
DO YOUR CHILDREN BRING \
YOU MISERY OR HAPPINESS?The day o< the plain lining seems on
the wane and the day of the handsome
lining is at hand. The lining of shirred
chiffon Is lovely and . the lining- that is
composed of little 'chiffon- ruffles" all laid
on closely together, . one ' touching -.the
other, is also here. \ These chiffon linings,
• which': have been used for' several seasons
In opera capes and coats .'for delicate
'wear, are now. made serviceable by an In
ner., lining of £ China ;¦ silk, \ which . makes
them warmer, and , more .. durable. ;
The fur coats with ;brocaded Unln^s are
many, and very durable * they are. The
.lining is almost as handsome as the outer
coat and .when the coat is thrown open
it displays a color scheme that is In har-
tali-treat of needlecraft Is it* amateur
stages. .
It is a pity that furs have soared so far
skyward, for there are many women who
would own them if they could, yet who
hesitate about spending the hundred or
sj which Is. the lowest estimate at which
they can be bought Yet for the woman
of small' purse there is a balm which la
most soothing-.
In every, good fur store and in every de
partment store there are bargain counters
in furs. This does not mean the reduced
fur, but the fur which is an imitation of
the real fur, and which, if you cannot buy
the . real, is just as good. In these furs
there are some that can only be told
The very wide fur collars will be much
seen and the collars that have stole ends.
The deep shoulder, cape of fur with tabs
that hang to the foot of the gown will
be worn in ermine. In seal, in sable, In
lynx, In cat in monkey, in lamb and in
chinchilla. This shows that & woman can
have a great variety from which to make
her selection and that she need not choose
an expensive fur unless she be so In
clined. " H3C, - . ¦-...,,
Fashion leaders like Mrs. Burke-Roche.
Mrs. George Gould,' Mrs. Cornelius Van
derbllt and her sister. Lady. Michael Her
bert, are indulging in some very hand
some fur- garments. And they are ' hav*
Ing them made In odd rather than con
ventional ways. Mrs. Gould has a stone
marten set with deep collar and stole
ends which is to be worn with a granny
muff. She will wear this with a suit of
castor gray panne.
The ' granny muffs are lovely In their
picturesque beauty. All of fur, without
trimming of any kind, and not decorated
by as much ' as a bunch of violets, they
are to be carried upon the arm or in the
hands: and they make in themselves a
very Important article of dress. Some of
the granny muffs are as large around as
a barrel and almost the same shape. .
The eauash "muffs deserve some notice,
for , they are made of different \ furs and
are shaped in very ¦ large squash /fashion.
The watermelon muffs, * so . : called ; from
their size and from \ the | fact that e they
are striped like a molon.iare made of
mink or of striped chinchilla, "and they
are carried upon a tiny, gold chain sus
pended not from the neck, but -from the
belt line. ¦' \, v .:.---';¦¦ •¦-•_;-.' ...
Many women are : wearing '.< gun 'metal
chains around the, waist to. which a muff,
Is attached. Others are wearing the muff
caught -by a chain which is pinned 1 to .a
clasp upon the breast of the gown. 'Other*
toss ; a v narrow ;• silver chain around £ the
neck and suspend a muff from It '-. ' . -;
Immense muffs, so large", that a . wom
an's face becomes, invisible behind them,
are supported by .flower/ chains in. the
shape of rose petals which are fastened
invisibly upon wire : and . muffs are sus
pended from violet chains- a lso fastened
upon slender wire. , Chains of orchids. and
chains of daisies are run through. the fur
muffs and they make very' delicate sup
ports for the same.
• It Is : a day when delicacy ' and ¦ vigOr
eeem combined in a woman's gowning. 4
mony with the dress. ;.*,
Those women who have plain coat lin
ings of white or black or blue can make
them very lovely by a little hand embroi
dery, which can be put on with long
stitches that work easily and which give
excellent' results. Some of these stitch
eries-are very unique and show Russian
trees and queer little Russian animals.
The Russian tendency is everywhere
visible in the shape of Russian fancy
work and Russian embroidery carried
out in the dres9 designs. A sealskin coat,
one of the sort that is usually left un
adorned In Its plain beauty, was trimmed
with deep cuffs of brown panne, which
were embroidered in Russian designs ex
ecuted in green and gold. The embroidery,
though showy, is" far from difficult and
•b- tie executed by any woman who Is
from the very expensive fora by the «ye
of an expert, and there axe others that re
quire even more than the eye to tall toe
difference. --..." ¦¦
And there is another kind of cheap fur
and this is not the reduced fur, but fur
which Is never expensive. There are ion*
cheap astrakans, some cheap gray fur",
some excellent and low priced black fu ».
and these, if well made and nicely wo- 3.
are very whit as good for the woman w*.
dresses on a little a year as the more e_
pensive kinds.
la a very large fur store the other d»
stood two women, both pretty, both we.
dressed, both stylish and both bearing the
stamp of ladyhood. They were looking a
furs.
One. whose attire was a little richer
than that worn by the other, was balanc
ing a muff upon her hand. It waa black,
with luster in every hair and a sheen
across it of silver. Its price was J1CC0.
"I will take it," she said.
The other woman held in her hand a
very handsome black muff, with a luster
in its texture and cut in large, alluring
shape. Its cost was $13. "It's a bar
gain," said she. "and I win take It"
The two muffs, worn with pretty gowns,
would have much the same look, though
the $18 muff will wear out long before tha
other one. But for a season or two it an
swers the purpose, and If cut In pumpkin,
in lemon, in granny or In pillow shape, it
is very smart Indeed.
The pillow muffs are- lovely, and one
feels inclined at sight to lie down upor.
them. They are very largo, very flat, and
they bear a striking resemblance to the
floral emblems upon which one reads tho
words "At Rest."
It seems a sin to suggest such a thing,
but one may sin occasionally in order
to look pretty. And what woman would
hesitate about such a small matter as
sacrilege when her cood looks are In tho
balance?
Lovely old pieces of fur, old fur coats
and muffs that have felt the finger of
time are taken and cut up— ruthlessly
slaughtered— into the making of finger
wide strips, which are used for the trim
ming of hats and dress skirts. Flounces
are bordered with these very " namM
strips of fur and belts are furred along
the edge. Not even the most optimistic
would suggest that these pin-wide strips
add anything to the warmth of the gar
ment, but that they add to the beauty
there is no doubt at all.
Ermine, more's the pity, la cut up and
is used upon evening bats and day hats.
It Is made Into nice little pudding bag
crowns and It is cut in pin stripes to
be mixed with chiffon bows and chiffon
paintings which are to be worn In the
winter when the snow files.
The long haired furs make nice border
ings and they give a richness to the gar
ment which you do. not always find when
the fur is short and stubby. Mink, for
this reason, does not .cut up so well into
inch-wide strips, though it does very nice
ly for bands upon skirt and for lapels for
sailor collars.
The sailor collar of fur is a thing that .
will be seen frequently. It is cut sailor J
fashion, or In Imitation of sailor fash- I
ion, sometimes with the ends squared and I
sometimes with the en«a . rounded. And!
It Is cut in diamond shape with the points.? .
coming In th« middle of the front and)
In the middle of the back. It Is wonder- m
ful to note the variety of ways In which 1
they are usinjj furs this season and cu- I
rlous to note the manner In which r. o
woman can cut up her furs to make them '
«-n >» HS. ARTHUR PAGET. leafier
I \/\ ct tn * Queen's set, has a new
V t I * our - ln - nand necktie.
I It is made of Persian lamb
fur and its width Is about four
ringers. It is lined with white satin and
it Is just long enough when tied to come
to the waist.
Mrs. Paget adjusts this Persian lamb
strip around her throat, over her fall
coat, ties it in four-ln-h&nd style, secures
It with a handsome boa clasp and lets
the ends hang to her belt. It gives a
pretty finish to her fall suit and sounds
the List note of the wearing of winter
fuis. '
The p^asona ire being aeverely rushed,
ox that there is little discussion; for, In
the s-.Vp windows, there are plenty of
furs and already my lady has begun to
lay in her winter supply. The first furs
are terribly expensive. But, oh, ' how
fresh tliey look, how perfect In color, bow
becoming, haw almost seductive In their
rich glossiness. It Is w%rth a few dol
lar* extra to buy furs In their season, be
fore they are shop worn and while the
gloss of the finisher Is upon them.
That It is to be a great fur season there
is no doubt at all. Furs have already
appeared in Lcndon and furs are begin
ning to tie seen everywhere. You get
glimpses of them on the occasional cold
days, when some ambitious and Impa
tient owner of a pretty boa or a collar
ette comes out with it just to give It an
airir.p. And you see furs of an evening
In the shape of the wide stoles and In
bands of fur that are lined and thrown
around the neck in boa fashion. Furs
ettm never wholly to be laid aside and
• re among the things that are. worn as
late as possible and brought out as early
In the season as can possibly be mad*
convenient.
In ilie bewildering array of new furs
of: ¦ red for inspection one notices the old
favorites made new in various ways. One
very remarkable feature in fall wear is
the manner in which furs are cut up and
n:ade into odd garments. Furs that are
aJmcst priceless are made into kimono
coats, straight front and back and with
kimono sleeve. And furs which would
have been deemed sacred in grandmoth
er s day are ruthlessly cut into strips for
the trimming of long coats.
The fur automobiles are among the de-
Eirable things, but they cost a great deal
of money and there is no such thing as
h bargain list. The fur auto coats that
come to the heels are selling for $2300 and
13UO0 and enc is fortunate to secure a good
cne at that price.
In seal coats there are some very nice
bargains, and. as seal will hold Its own
all winter, it is really as good a thing as
a woman can now buy. One of the best
Etal models is the little, tight-fitting
Jacket, snug front and back, and only hip
length. This is furnished with a very
wide rol.ing collar and with broad lapels.
The sleeves are cut Into a very large bell
shape.'. , >
A seal model which is being copied by
tl.oM- who can afford it is the three-quar
ter sea! coat, coming below the hips and
flttir.g very snugly. Its collar Is a wide
one that turns over In sailor fashion,
having the neck exposed, while Its
sleeves are coat sleeves with the full
klmor.o cuff, which Is very wide so as to
shnvi the dress sleeve.
Still another seal model is the seal auto
mobile, which is handsome enough to an
ewf-r as a dress garment and which will
be worn by those fortunate enough to
own it.
Persian lamb, baby lamb and all the
Fiagi s and ages of the Persian lamb will
be more widely the vogue than ever.
Lamb has the great advantage of fitting
the figure well without making It seem
too bulky and on this account it finds
favor with those who could not wear
mink, sable or any of the other thick
fiB'ics of fur. Lamb is also excellent as
a trimming, rating with astralcan, which
Is so ideal as a border and for the making
of a nice fur collar.
Chinchilla is still the daintiest of all fur.
trimmings and this year can be found In
very expensive grades, showing a great
variety of markings. And another fur
which is to be seen a great deal this sea
son is sable of all kinds, the Russian
article and the American, the real and
the imitation, sable that Is glossy and
priceless and sable than can be bought
for a few dollars on the fur counter.
Ermine is this season to be the fur of
ail pretty furs. It has come In with a
much greater popularity than ever be
fore and the rush for ermine will be un
precedented. Of course, this brings . up
the price and once more my lady Is called
upon to open ber purse strings to the ut
most, for ermine costs dollars where
other furs cost cents, and she who would
own a stole of ermine and ermine cuffs
and muff must be prepared to pay the
cost.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
THE COMING SEASON IS A FUR
SEASON
The wild furry animal" made up into coat
and ¦ mult . is trimmed ¦ ¦' with ; .violets •' and
chiffon, and so beauty find the beaat trav
el. together ' to make my lady ; securely
pretty. \ Roses trim a great many , of the
daintier of ..the f fur- garments and . where
there are "no; roses .visible ,you , are pretty
safe * In -* counting ; upon'' a * rose ..brocaded
lining or" a lining- embroidered with" roses.
10Xaces From D. Samuels' Lace House.
$30 to $t!0 a garment and some splendid
Imitations are made that can be pur
chased for $3. and. strange as It may
¦cem. there are hosts of folks who
couldn't tell the difference between the
two to save their live?, although to any
one who has the faintest knowledge of
laces the difference la as plain as nisht
from day.
The emblematic effects In the Irish and
Limerick, in the genuine, are very valu
abFe and often- cost as. much as $S00 a yard.
For trimming linen surplices and linen
altar clothes point de Venise is generally
employed and is seldom used over twelve
inches in width, as it is too heavy for
greater depth. Oftentimes it is over
wrought for church purposea with gold
bullion and is then thought to be one of
the most elegant of all laces. Now and
then it is built up to give the effect of
ivory carvings and then it is about the
most expensive thing that one can pur
chase. A specimen six inches wide prot>
ably would be valued at $23 to $3) and bo
called very reasonable.
So is it any wonder that churches feel
like guarding their treasures? Trinity
Church has JCCOO worth of altar cloths
and changes. Grace has fully $3000. the
Synagogue $2500, and It is nothing Tor
Bome devout Catholic to epend from $W00
to $5000 yearly, and for single sets at that.
And, of course, some of the finest laces
in town are used in private chapels and
for private services. Mrs. Eleanor Mar
tin has some beautiful pieces for her
prledieu, as have also Mrs. Richard Tobin
and Mrs. John Parrott, but probably the
finest collection Is the property of Mrs.
Andrew Welsh. "Without a second's
thought afte gave $C0.00O to St. Ignatius
Church for Its frescoing and is always
giving freely of her bounty, as are also
a host of others.
Is scarcely a priest who can be mentioned
who does not own some individual pieces
of notable value.
The most popular surplice set is made
of'Burano thread, the product of the fam-^
ous school on the island of Burano, wheh
is under the patronage of Queen Mar-*
guerita. Generally the lace comes about
forty inches deep and costs in the neigh
borhood of $250. The point Duchesse ia
used for albs and surplices as well and
is one of the richest and most effective
that could be chosen for this purpose. The
only trouble arises from the fact that it
is very expensive, seldom coming in the
required width for less than $125 a yard,
and as a number of yards are necessary
to fashion the garment it makes them
very high priced.
Ecclesiastical designs mean a great
deal^o lacemakers, for they have learned
that T^^xpense is spared for the decora
tion of the house of God. One manufac
turer in Brussels paid the sum of $12,000
for a bit exactly two and a half inches
square and as soon as he had it in his pos
session promptly took it to pieces to find
out how it was made. The tiny scrap
was worth a great deal to him and he
was more than willing to pay the prioe.
Emanu-El Temple has an exquisite
sample of this lace which Is used on
great holidays, but it is too precious to be
displayed frequently.
Swiss laces are especially adapted for
surplices and cuffs and are not nearly as
costly. Beautiful pieces may be had Ixom
THERE are more valuable laces In
town than we wist of. In private
chapels and churches alone the
aggregate Euzn runs higher than
$150,000. and that Is but a very small
estimate, bo fancy what the total sum of
personal laces and the rare old bits that
nave been handed down from one genera
tion to another would amount to. Some
thing too immense to even dream of.
Comparatively speaking few people
fcave the least Idea what it costs to fit
tip a chancel. They fancy that .a little
linen and a scrap of lace is all that is
deemed necessary, but when they come
to settle the bill they grow a heap wiser.
Church laces are really divided into two
classes — the altar decorations and vest
ments. To be sure not all the churches
have occasion to use or display rare laces,
but the Catholic the Episcopalian and
the Jewish generally have their lockers
well filled and the more they have th*
tnore they want, for the Temple of God
cannot be too fittingly deeorated to please
them.
Bt. Ignatius Church has some wonder
fully famous specimens that are only
used on special feast days and then the
main altar is arrayed like Solomon in ail
Ms glory. St. Dominic's Church, U.e
French church, old St. Mary's and St.
Mary's Cathedral, the Spanish and the
Italian churches, Trinity and Grace Epis
copal and Emanu-El Synagogue have the
finest collections and frequently they run
Into thousands of dollars.
As a rule they consist mainly of an
tique "run" laces, both In linen and silk
lnterwTOURht with gold thread or bullion,
•which really was the old church idea of
the proper lace. So many gold and silver
offerings were given to the church that
the gold value was Introduced into the
laces themselves. And why shouldn't It
have been? Every thins on the altar was
of precious gold and silver, the very best
that money could buy. and the lace was
tfce one thing that failed to carry out th*
golden idea. .
Et. Dominic's Church has laces and
changes that amount to fully $M.O00. and
?vtn then* is not satisfied, and is reach
ing out and gathering In more year by
year. When one stops to consider that a
rare altar cover costs fully $2300 and the
more ordinary ones anywhere between
$500 and $1000— that is for the main altars
—and that the side ones are valued at
from JJSO to $000. It Is very easy to realize
bow rapidly they count up.
One way that ecclesiastical laces differ
from others is in the symbolic embellish
ments. Many of these expensive bits are
wrought with cross-bearing lambs,
crosses, chalices, wheat and grapes, sym
bolic of the Eucharist, while some of th©
rarest ones picture kneeling saints and
madonnas. ,
Vestments figure largely in cnurchly
laces, and the private collections, which
are mainly pifts. amount to a goodly
eum. Four years Bgo, when Archbishop
Rlordar. went to Eurcpe. he placed his
laers in n *afe deposit vault for safe
keeping, but he wasn't content with that
elone. He took the trouble and expense
to bavc them Insured for $10,000, for he
knows, as well as many collectors, that
be posse fses the finest private accumula
tion of Irirh point laces that there Is in
America. His alb?, surplices and rochets
are perfect dreams of beauty, made of the
inimitable laces, the sheerest linens and
fashioned by exquisite hands.
And this co'.lection of his is perpetually
Increasing. Nearly every time he con
firms a class at the Sisters of the Holy
Famfry. at the Notre Dame Convent of
•t the Academy of the Sacred Heart the
sisters present him with a garment, rare
and fine, generally made by themselves.
Father Prendergast has a splendid col
leotion also, probably worth from $2500 to
$3000, the gift of his parishioners on the
occasion cl his Jubilee, and. In fact, there
THE SUISTD A Y C AXil*
WHAT IS COSTS TO FIT UP A CHANCEL.a bitter discussion with a conductor the
day before way back at the Missouri
River as to whether his boy should "pay.
fare. Instead of gracefully paying when
called on. he had abused the conductor,
who, may*be because there was a "spot
ter" sitting by, hdd felt compelled for
self-protection, to collect the half rate.
But in retaliation for the abuse the con
ductor had reported to the next conduc
tor a half fare in the Portland sleeper,
and thus started an endless chain of an
noyance that would haunt the traveler
all the way to the coast But sometimes
travelers will, study tact and forswear
abuse and its penalties.
Conductor Francis,, finishing the string
of loaded Pullmans; sat down in the
smoking-room ; of the last car with the
hind-end brakeman to straighten out his
collections. The headlight of the pusher
threw In a yellow dazzle of light on them
and the continuous cut of Its fire boomed
from the stack. Pat Francis, setting
down his lamp, began to sniff.
'.'Smell anything?" he asked presently
of his companion.
"No," answered < the brakeman, draw
ing his* head from the curtain hood un
der .which he had been looking out Into
the ¦ storm. .
"Something here don't smell right,"
said ' Francis ; shortly, sorting his tickets.
"Where are we?" ...;..
"Getting out of the gorge."
Francis looked at his watch. "Is Jacfc
A lump jumped into the bargeman's
Uiroat, '.'but FVancis
head rose strain out o~f the d\ist. He
wasn't thinking of women's- wiles as he
quietly roused the sleepers and asked for
their credentials. They were worn tired
looking womenf, haggard, a good many
of them, from catnaps snatched In the
specially devised discomfort chairs, while
their more' fortunate sisters slept peace
fully back in the hair-mattressed Pull
man berths. He was thinking solely, as
he mechanically went through the check-
Ing operation, of a cattleman in a can
vas coat, smooth face and red tie, who
should by rights be now half way down
the car. Just ahead of him. But the con
ductor Francis didn't look. His eyes never
rose byond the passenger under his nose,
for in front of a company detective the
hate, and the curiosity are all concealed;
the conductor Is strictly on drees parade
with a sting in his right arm that he
would like to land directly under the
spotter's ear.' . • .
A shabby traveling man— a cigar man
handed up a local ticket It i?as for
Antelope Gap. Pat Francis looked at it
for a minute before he punched It and
stuck it in his pocket.
* "We don't stop at Antelope Gap to
night," said he shortly. v .' :'
"Don't stop?"^echoed the cjgar , man,
wide awake in a .fraction of a second. :
"Vy, since ven7 Day tclt me you dit,"
Francis passed calmly on without at-'
tempting to controvert the confidence of
the drummer.
"Ain't yougod-do7" appealed the latter,
weakening a bit as he realized he was
against a quiet man and hard.
"Not on local transportation. Tickets!"
he continued to the, next
But the ctear man happily came of a
race that does not uncomplainingly sub
mit, and he kicked vociferously, as Pat
Francis expected he would. By the t'me
the excited salesman had woke everyr
body up in his end of the car and wprked
himself into a lather, Pat came at him
with a proposition.
•"Where are you going from Antelope?"
"Vild Hat." • ¦
, "What's the matter with going" up to
Wild Hat to-night and I'll give you a
train check back to Antelope on 2 to-mor
row; then you can -get back on 71 to the
Bend?"
The injured man considered quickly, ac
cepted speedily. Two hundred miles for
nothing. "My frient! Haff a cigar, aber
don f orgod my dransbordation back. I vlll
you?" , The conductor nodded ' as he took
the cigar stoically and moved on. . It was
one r stop saved, and the Antelope < stop
was a terror at any time with' a. big train
Uke'No..l.~;- ;/. ' : ' " :''.". /-\ ' '
Francis bad reached the rear of ' the
chair ear. when he had an Impression
tie had forgotten something. He stopped
to think. The cattleman! ¦ Turning; -he
looked back sharply over the passengers.
He even walked^ slowly back through
the car looking for the. fellow. There
was j no cattleman In sight and,- walking
back, "Francis dismissed him .with the
conclusion' that he must have gotten off
at the Bend: and at once the air in the
The transportation on No. 1 was mostly
through tickets and requlfe.9 ! only ordi
nary care as to the date limits; not much
scalper's stuff turned up on the west
bound. Pat called again as •¦ be closed
No "please" that night; Just "Tickets!"
ehort and snappy as a bear trap. He
could talk very differently at home to the
babies— but there was no suggestion of
kootsying in the tone that called for
transportation in the smoker. He passed
down the. aisle, pulling, hauling, shaking
the snorting brutes, -noting, punching,
checking under the rays of his lamp until
the last man was passed and he walked
Into the chair car. There, was only one
"go-back," a sleepy Italian who couldn't
even after he had been Jerked out of his
seat and turned upside down and inside
out, and shaken and cursed— still he
couldn't find his ticket. So Pat Francis
passed him with the shocking intimation
which amounted to an assurance, that if
he didn't find It by the time he got back
he would throw him oft.
"Tickets!"
While the brakeman fished for a piece
of ¦waste, the conductor moved his wet
overcoat a peg nearer the stove and
spread It out better, and listened to a
wild rumor old John Parker had picked
up about No. l's being turned Into a
strictly "limited" and carrying a "diner"
west of Bear Dance. Without wasting
any comment, Pat looked at his watclf
and listened to -the click of the truck
over the fish-plates under foot, and to
the angry, tremulous roar of the three
furnaces melting coal to, push No. 1 up
against the wind that curled like' a cork
screw down the long, narrow gorge.
Then he took the lantern from his
menial, and strode quickly through the
vestibule into the dirty light and foul
air of the smoker.
"He put up after a while— and you bet
that fare goes in with an embroidered re
port. Well, good luck. Patsy."
Pat Francis raised his lamp through the
fog and rain at the engineers. Jack Moore
coughed suddenly and twice with his hol
low whistle. The hind engine saluted
hoarsely; from the rear the pusher piped
Bhrill, and Bucks in the doorway watched
the panting train pull taut up the bend
in the swirling snow. And he knew as
he watched that nothing worth consider
ing would get away from Pat Francis—
not a scheme, nor a cut-off nor a minute,
nor a revamped coupon ticket, j Pat, be
fore quitting at Benton: Pat up the gorge
and over the Horseback, was pretty sure
to catch everything inside the vestibules.
He swung up on the platform of the
baggage car as the train moved out and
shook the snow off his cap as he opened
the door. He eet his lamp on an up end
trunk, took off his overcoat and hung it
up. In tha front end of the car a pack
of hunting degs yelped a dismal chorus.
Old John Parker, the baggageman, was
checking up a pile of trunks that rose
tier on tier to the roof of the car. John
Parker wore a pair of disreputable iron
spectacles. Hit hair, 6cant where it
wasn't extinct, tumbled about his head
loose at both ends. His gray beard was
a good bit stronger in the fly than In
the hoist and it blew In the wind tmn
as a coach whip; but old John had be
hind his dirty spectacles a pair of eyes
Just as fine as st*>e!. Francis opened
his train box and asked the baggageman
why h« didn't Kill those dogs, and get
ting no answer— for John Parker was
checking hard and stopped only to shllt
his whiskers off the clip— the conductor
got out his blue pencil and his black
pencil and filed them away, took up h's
punch and his trip checks and put them
in their proper pockets, shifted his tlnii
table from the box to still another pocket,
and picked up his lantern. The head
end brakeman coming in Just then wKli
a sash puller, Francis asked him to ciean
up the globe.
He listened grimly, for he thought he
could domino every play I Bucks could
make when it came to tricks for saving
time on the Wild Hat run. Yet it heart
ened even Pat Francis, uncompromising
and grim, to have his superintendent
there in the storm helping cut out the
work for such a particularly beaitly pull.
As Bucks broke away and started for
the door of the Wickiup, Morris Barker
—the conductor who had Just brought the
train in— saluted, walking out With, his
coat buttoned snug, in the comfortable
insolence of a man going home, Morrli
stepped to the edge of the platform to
exchange confidences with Pat Francis.
"Pat, there's a half-fare back in the
Portland sleeper. I heard Mclntyre say
at McCloud that some of Alfabet Smith's
men are working up here. Anyway
there's a cattleman in a canvas coat
In the chair car, smooth face, red tie, to
look out for. He, got on at Harding and
tried a ehort fare on me.| I sized him up
for a spotter."
"Why didn't you chuck him off?"
growled Pat Francis.
"Got your ticket, Tony?"
"No gotta" ticket"
"Money?"
"No gotta d* mnn."
"Come on then!" Francis gripped him
"Throw you off."
The Italian drew back to resist. They
parleyed a moment longer, only because
Francis was bluffing. If he had meant
to stop the train at any point he would
have said nothing— simply dragged the
fellow out by the hair.
At last the Italian produced three dol
lars and a half. It was only enough to
check him to Red Cloud. He wanted
to go through, and the fare was eleven
dollars and twenty cents.
The silent conductor stuck the money
in his pocket and * drew his cash fare
slips. Just then the pusher whistled a
stop signal. Francis started, suddenly
furious at the sound. Shoving the slips
Into, his pocket he hurried to the vesti
bule and put his -head angrily out. Ahead
he Baw^only John Parker's lamp and
streamers. John had slid hia door be
fore Francis could open the vestibule.
That was why the conductor loved him,
A different start that— a-runnlng past
the wind Instead of Into It; a sluing that
brought excursionists up In a tumble as
the sleepers swung larlat-llko around the
canyon corners. It was only a case- of
hang-on after that, hanging on all the
way to Wild Hat; and then. Just as the
Columbian Pacific train passengers left
their breakfasts at Beaton, No. 1. gray
and grimy, rolled into the junction thir
ty-five minutes late and the agony was
over. The connection was safe, but no
body noticed who made It. everybody
was too much occupied with the sunshine
and the scenery to observe a pair of dis
reputable, haggard, streaked, hollow-eyed
tramps who made their way modestly
along the edge of the platform. It was
only Pat Francis and Moore, conductor
and engineer of No. L *
The agony was over for everybody but
Pat Francis. Ten days later Bucks, su
perintendent of the mountain division, sat
In bis den at the Wickiup, reading a let
ter from, the general manager:
Sir: On Thursday, June 2S. Conductor. P.
Francis, leaving M. B. on No. 1, collected a
cash fare of (3 SO from one of our special
service men. Ha tailed to Issue a easa far*
slip for this as required; furthermore, ho c«J>
And all this for what? To dump a
hundred or two Brooklyn people Into the
Yellowstone twenty-four hours earlier
than they otherwise would have been
dumped, though without doubt they would
have beftn Just that much better off loaf-
Ing twenty-four hours longer away from
their newspapers and ferries and street
cars. Pat Francis listened grimly. (A
ehort, stocky fellow, Pat Francis. Not
fat. but firm as a Bessemer bar. and with
considerably quicker play In his joints.)
Bo. although the Columbian Pacific con
nection looked especially doubtful tbat
sight, nevertheless there was Bucks, un
der a slouching Stetson and an Irish
frieze that caught all the water coming
fta way, standing at the drivers of the
head engine, while Jack Moore. In leather
heel to Jaw, went Into the slush- -under
her to touch up an eccentric with a repu
tation for cussedneas In a pinch. And a
minute later Bucks was walking back to
figure with the out conductor, Pat Fran
cis, t;ow to make schedule across to Wild
Hat, though, as they talked, each man
knew the other was not thinking at all
of how to make schedule, but thinking—
though never a word out loud of It, and
hell to face all the way up the gorge on
top of it — of how — with flesh and blo^d
and steel to beat schedule tbat night and
land the uncertain connection, in spite of
wind and weather and the bureau's fears
and th» dispatcher's growls.
To begin with the night was bad. "A
holy fright," Pat Francis calleJ Jt. and
Pat had seen most of the bad nights In
the mountains for twenty-two jj years
steady. It was snowing and raining and
6leetlng that night, all at once; and blow-
Ing— it blew the oil out of the guide cup«.
From the platform of the Wickiup— nobody
in the gorge would call it a depot— from
the Wickiup platform at Medicine Bend
JCo. 1 seemed to roll into division that
eight one reeking sheet of alkali ice—
soda and frost solid from lamp to lamp.
She was late, too, with a pair of the
best engines than ever climbed a moun
tain heading her. She had lost time
every mile cf the way from the plains,
and ehe was ordered west with another
double-head end a pusher all the way
over the Horseback. It was because there
was a Yellowstone excursion aboard.
The Columbian Pacific connection was on
that account especially desired; and that
night at 12 o'clock, mountain time, wl.h
No. 1 especially late into the bend, and
the track especially tad, and the pull
especially heavy. It looked— that Colum
lan Pacific connection— especially doubt
ful, except over In the dispatcher's of
fice, where they were being pounded to
zn&ke it by the excursion bureau.
Bucks was down that night. There
were many bad nights in the mountains,
but Bucks never missed any of them by
going to bed. On bad nights, Bucks, like
a. switchman's pipe, was always out He
—Bucks — personally appeared at the
Wickiup to see that things went. The
men liked him because he was always
ready to do anything he asked them
to do. There was an esprit, a morale —
¦whatever you call It— and a loyalty to
Bucks personally, ¦which made our men
take the chances that pay checks don't
THERE had been some talk at head-
Quarters about our conductors. It
was Intimated and freely from the
auditing department that the men
of the punch were not dividing
talrly with the company.
To this effect the general manager wrote
Bucks, superintendent of the mountain
division. Bucks filed the tetter away In
the stove. Another communication fared
Bo better. But there were some new peo
ple at headquarters; they had a record to
znake and they proposed to v.rite part
ef It on our Lacks. Bucks got another
letter; he threw it in the stove.
Pat Barile often and often said he
re^mn.fiitie 1 r.«i mai to drin-t whisky:
he only recommended the whisky. I
recommend no rising railroad man to
'burn the third letter on the same sub
ject from his general manager; I merely
recommend Bucks. He was at that time
running West End. They had tried run
ning the West End witnout Bucks a
while; then they had tried again running
It with him. In both lnsta.nc.es it was
different.
But the next time the general man
ager vras out in his "special" he spoke
to Bucks on the subject as if the men
tion were a virgin touch. Bucks mut
tered something about the general char
acter of the trainmen and the decent
lives and habits of the passenger con
ductors, and finished with an Incidental
expression of confidence in the men; that
was about all.
But the headquarters people, who were
largely Boston, had ways and means all
their own, and falling to Interest Bucks
In their hobby, they toos a tack like
this:
the door of the chair car behind him a
shade less harshly for tickets, because
one naturally respects more people who
ride In the chair car— and then there are
women. One speaks more civilly to wo
men passengers, but scans their trans
portation more cit^tuiiy. However, be
he cried !n the mort Injured tone on the
train.
•"Can't help It.*
"But vy-e?;' " ._
"I'm late.". ;. , • v
"Bud y god-do!" cried the cigar man,
raising a note of absolute terror, as Pat
chair car smelted fresher and cleaner.
Into the sleepers then— that was easy.
Only to take the batch of envelopes from
each porter or conductor and tear-off the
coupons and in the Portland sleeper a
half fare, which meant only a little row
with the tactless man who had gone Into
holding his own?" ventured the brake
man. ' ;S«
"Stop at 'Antelope to-night V
"Not on your lifel"
"How about the- pusher?**
"All the .way over the Horseback to
night." ':':?:'
"That's the stuff."
'That's Bucks. Bucks is the stuff,"
eaid Pat Francis, arbitrarily picking up
his lamp to go forward. Two minutes
later he was In the smoker bending over
the Italian and shaking him.
CONDUCTOR PAT FRANCIS OR
"Beat the time a little, didn't we?"
laughed Moore, with a face like a lob
ster. "Couldn't done It. Pat, If you'd
¦topped ma anywhere. I wouldn't done
it— not for anybody. Burdlck Is knocked
clean out. too. Are you all ready back
there?" The pusher, disconnected, gal
loped by with a Jubilant kick for the
roundhouse ; ( and the double-headers, wa
tered and coaled afresh, i tarted with No.
1 down the mountain slda.
"Juat as I expected." he muttered.
with a freezing word. "That hind end
man couldn't smell a tar bucket If you
stuck his head Into It Get your grease.
John," he shouted to the old baggage
man, "and a pair of brasses. Hustle!"
There was hardly time for the crew to
slip Into their overcoats, when Moore
made a sullen stop. ' But old John Parker
was ready, and waiting ahead of the
•top. with a can of grease, because John
didn't have any overcoat. He hustled
bad nights without any overcoat; for fcia
two girls were at boarding school back
In Illinois. John picked up enough every
tnonth carrying dogs to buy an overcoat,
but the dog money went largely for musio
and French, which were extras In Illi
nois; so the girls paries vous'd and John
piled' out without any overcoat.
Pat Francis stormed worse than the
mountains as he followed him. All the
scheming to save a single stop was blaz
ing away In a hot box. Moore, on the
head engine, was too angry to leave his
cab. It waa Just a bit. too exasperating.
The pusher crew stood by and the second
engineer helped Just a little.
But It was Pat Francis and John, with
the safeties screaming bedlam In their
ears, with the sleet creeping confidingly
down their backs, and with the water
soaking unawares up their legs— It was
Pat and John, silent and stubborn, who
dug bitterly at the sizzling box, flung
out the- blazing waste, set the screw.
twisted it, hooked out the smoking
brasses, shoved In the new ones, dumped
the grease, stuffed the waste, and raised
their lamps for Moore before tha last of
the bad words had blown out of the
head cab and down the* canyon. With a
squeaking and groaning and jerking, with
a vicious breakaway and an anxious In
terval whenever a pair of driver* let go,
Moore got his enormous load rolling up
the grade again, and kept her rolling
hour after hour along curve and tangent
to the Horseback, and across.
At the crest day broke, and the long.
heavy train, far above the night and the
storm, screamed for the summit yard,
slowed up, halted, and every man- Jack of
the train cr«w and engine crews Jumped
oft to shake hands with himself on the
plucky run— In spite of it all, schedule
and a hair better.
"How'd you ever do It, Jack?" asked:
Pat Francis at the head engine, as
Moore crawled out of his undersides A
"How lat« are we?" xeturned the «L
gineer, stowing his can and calling for a
wrench.
"Three hours."
because nobody, not even himself, ever
got ahead of John. When Francis poked
hia head out to look for trouble. Joh.i
Parker's head was already la the wind
Inspecting the trouble, which came this
time from the hind end. Looking back.
Francis saw a blaze leaping from a jour
nal box.
THE SUNDAY CAIili.
12
Frank H. Spearman's Thrilling Railroad Stories.
This Is the First of a Remarkable Series by This Talented Writer. Watch for
"The Trainman's Story"— Next Sunday.Professor J. C. Bose recently presented
to the Llnnean Society In London the re
sults of experiments which will show that
the peculiar movements of the leaflets of
the so-called "telegraph-plant" are due
to an electrical disturbance traveling as
a "current of action" In the plant Each
leaf consists of a large terminal leaflet
and two smaller lateral ones. The later
al leaflets spontaneously rise and fall Ilka
the arms ot a semaphore, the period of a
complete movement being about three
and a half minutes. Hence the name of
the plant, which is a species of "desmo
dium." or tick-trefoil, native to the East
Indies, but easily cultivable In conserva
tories.
The TelegTaph Plant.
Oldest House In the World.
Not since humanity began delving into
the mysteries of the existence of primi
tive man has a discovery been made so
rich In Its suggestlveness of the home life
of prehistoric races as that made by the
United States Revenue cutter Bear on
her recent cruise to the Arctic Ocean. A
house built by human beings at least 5C00
years ago, and probably of an antiquity
far greater, was discovered by Alaskan
natives near Point Barrow, and many of
the utensils used by the people who mada
it a habitation were secured. Stone
hatchets, stone knives, and other stone
and bone Implements belonging to races
that flourished before the dawn of his
tory, have frequently been found, but
never before has a house in which they
lived been found preserved through the
wrecks of time and all the elemental
catastrophes that have strewn the sur
face of the earth with ruin and death.
Bucks smiled a far-off smile. "Tne
boys wouldn't 1 rouble you to help If they
could catch them. I want your statement
to eend In to headquarters with Francis'
answer to - the charges. They tried to
make him out a t hlef , but I've Just
found out thejr haven't touched him. His
explanation is perfectly straight."
The men of- Brooklyn tumbled up the
Wickiup stairq. At breakfast the news
traveled faster than hot rolls. When the
paper was drawn -the signing began, but
"I thought so," exclaimed Bucks, warm
ing. "If that's so. we belong to the same
lodge— same degree. I You see, there's
charges against him. They've had spot
ters after him," added Bucks, lowering
his voice to the few gentlemen who
crowded about
"There's plenty of Brooklyn men here
for a lynching!"
*j "I'll tell you why," continued Bucks,
addressing the Brooklyn man Impressive
ly. "You look like a man who, may be,
knows what trouble Is."
"I do."
hlm, my friend," 'announced the spokes
man, gladly.
1 "I don't mean that, not that. He's In
trouble. -You needn't .wast© any breath
on ma. I know that man as well as If
I'd made him. I'll tell you what I want.
I want you to come upstairs and dic
tate your account of the accident to my
stneographer. While you're eating break
fast he'll copy it. and you can all sign It
afterward. Will you?"
"Will we? Get your slave!"
w
man s hand roughly away. When a mln-,
ute is a mile, action is quick. Sixty,
reventy seconds more meant the Toftec
awltch, and the conductor already hung
from the bottom step of the baggage car.
Fat Francis was- built like a gorilla.
He swung with his long arms In and
out -from .the reeling train into a rhythm,
one foot dangling In' the suck of dust
and cinders, the other bracing- lightly
against the steptread. Then, with the
switch key in his mouth, with Parker's
whirlwind sucking to the wheels under
him, with No. 2's drivers racing aaove
fc'm and a hundred passengers staring
fcelow him, Pat Francis let go.
Men In the sleepers, only half under
standing, saw as he disappeared a burst
of alkali along the track. Only old John
Parker's gray eye could see that his con
ductor, though losing his feet, had rolled
clear of the trucks and drivers and was
tumbling in the storm center like a por
cupine. . Above him the tea cars were
lurching down- the grade.; : Old John.
¦ straining, saw Francis stagger to his feet
and double back like a jackknife on the
ballast A lump jumped Into the baggage-
•'....¦-.-¦• . t
jerked the target.
the lock, stud tnen
bled an instant at
r°*T-itT - im'Tm'-iTinimi ' ii urn ¦ l"t >i - *'"•
\
pull's *i himself up on one leg and fum-
The Overland Freight No. 66, east
fcound with a Ions train of tea. was pull-
Ing out cf Tcltec station as No. 2 stuck
Its head into the foot of the Noose,
the qulxerlng furnaces. Pat Francis stood
In the open door of the baggage car, old
John Parker and the head brakeman be
side him. looking together at the freight
with the absorbed air of men at the bot
to?Q of a well who watoh the loaded bucit
et near the top.
Through the thin, dear mountain air
Shey could almost read the numbers on*
the engine tenders. They could see the
freight conductor start over his train for
the head end, and aa they looked they
saw his tiain break In two 'behind him,
and the rear end, parting like a snake's
tall, slough off, lose headway, and roll
above Toltec
A volley of danger signals curled white
from the freight engine across the gulf.
Pat Francis sprang for the bell cord, but
it was needless; his engineers at the very
moment threw double chambers of air -on
the wheels.
It caught • cards off the whist tables,
and swept baked potatoes into the bosoms
of aatonlshd diners; it spoiled the point
of pretty Jokes and broke the tedium of
stupid stories; it upset royaterers and
staggered sober men; it basted the cooks
with gravy and the waiters with fruit; It
sent the' blood to the hearts and a chill
to the brains; it was an emergency stop,
and . a severe one— No. . 2 was against it.
Before the frightened porters could open
the vestibules the passenger engines. were
working In the back motion, and No. 2
was scuttling down the Noose to get
the party and put his hand on his shoul
der.
"Look here," said Bucks, and his words
snapped like firecrackers, "I want you
gentlemen to do something for your con
ductor."
""We've made up a purse of $300 for'
the head, and that is tied In a llttl*
knot, and not often combed.
After breakfast is over the children go
off and find some pleasant place In which
to play. The girls play at keeping house,
and make dishes of clay dried in the sun.*
Uttle images of clay washed with lime
are their only dolls.
The boys in Siam are very fond of pitch
ing coins, and spend much time In this
game. They play leapfrog, very often
jump the rope and p. ay marbles.
In the month of March, though usually
dry and hot. winds are blowing. At this
time the Siamese, young and old. are
fitted with whistles and the air resounds
>ith the noise produced by them and tha
shouts of the multitudes of people engaged
In the sport.
As the streets In Slam are almost all
rivers and canals, the Siamese boys and
girls early learn to row and paddle boats
almost a3 soon as they learn to swim,
which they do when they are only 4 or 5
years old.
There wasn't a cinder to break the)
even enjoyment of the run up to the
clouds. Everybody was going home, and
golr.g home happy. From the Pullmans
—it was warm, and sunny In the moun
tains—came nothing but ragtime and
Brooklyn yells. To describe our scenery
rr.Ight be Invidious, but the grade where)
No. 2 was then climbing would alone
make the fortune of an ordinary eastern
tcenic line.
*• wasn't a letter to go to the stove—
cot ttat kind of a letter; but Bucks
ZngKfO. It much as Pat Francis ought to
h»T« fingered the clever detective who
tcrn«4 from the) chair car to the
"snacker" on him and from a cattleman
to a -fiago."
Buck* called the trainmaster. Francis
wu vest, but to leave Benton that after
&ooa on S, tri as luck would have It,
t« bring bade tiie Brooklyn party from
tha Yellowstone. And the passenger de
partment In Chicago was egaln heating
th. wires with Injunctions to take care
of ti.ern. and good care of them, because
the) excursion business on a new line Is
not only prcStable, but It Is hard to
wicrli up, and trouble with an excursion
la the beginning means a hoodoo for
zn.cs.thsi tr.i may be for years to come.
• Bucks felt especially gratified to know
that Pat Francis had the precious load,
but what about the cash fare from Medi
cine Bend to Red Cloud? Bucks knew
these things couldn't be trifled with—
not on his line— end he faced the pleas
ant prospect of next morning greeting
his right bower la the passenger service
with en accusation cf theft and a sum
mary discharge. If he had only asked
xr.e for three. Collars and a half, thought
Bucka, ecrely. He woold rather hart
given his own pay check than to have.
had Pat Francis hold up on* dollar.
And Pat FranclsVitadturs, sphinx-like,
was punching transportation at that par
ticular moment en No. I oa the run east
from Benton. Checking paisengtxa, keep
ing ere eye on the* YenUlctora and the
other on the date) limits, working both
tencils. both hands, bot& e*rs» both ends
of the punch, and both aide* of the car
el the same time.
tt»A tfela pasaecger all the way to Benton.
K!s£ly «Sect hla Clacharge. Let tt be dis
tinct^ usfieretood that ail delinquencies of
this nature wlU ba ¦ummarlly dealt with.
A. W. BiLNKERilAN, General Manajer.
Toltec lies In the Powder Ranse, near
the foot of a great curve called 'the
Noose, because every time an engineer
slips the head of his train into It he is
glad to hold his breath till he gets it out.
The Toltec Noose is engineering mag
nificent; but It is railroading without
words— unless \ one counts the wicked
words. Eagle Pass station, the head of
the Nooee, looks across an unspeakable
gulf directly down Into Toltec 600 feet
below and barely a mile away. But by
the rail we count seven miles around that
curve, and without any land grant per
quisites, either.
Every train that runs the Noose Is dou
ble-headed both ways, and now — this was
before — they add, to keep trainmen off the
relief scrap, a pusher.
That day there was no pusher behind
the Overland Freight, and No. 2"s crew,
as they pulled out of Toltec to climb the
loop, could plainly see above and across
the storming, struggling, choking engines
of the tea train as they neared with their
load the summit of Eael« Pass.
The wind bore down to them In break-
Ing waves the suckinp. roaring cut ol
At Toltee. on the day run, we take a
man's breadth and give him large value
for his money in a bit of the prettiest
engineering anywhere on earth.
back down the hill.- The hind-end brake
man, darting from the caboose, ran up
the ladder like a cat and began setting
brakes. The passenger crew saw the
brake shoes clutch In a flame at the Flip
ping trucks, but the drawbars couldn't
stand it. From one of the big tea cars
a dra wheat! parted like a tooth. The tea
train again broke la two, this time be
hind the renr brakeman, and the caboose,
yrtth five 60,000- pound cars, % shot down
the grede. and No. 2 was now climbing
Child Life In Slam.
When the Siamese girl gets up In th»
morning she does not go to the) wash
stand to wash her face, for the simple
reason that Siamese houses' can boast no
such article of furniture. So she) Just
runs down to the foot of th« ladder—for
the house Is built on posts— to a large Jar
of water with a cocoanut shell dipper.
There she washes her face by throwing
the water over her hands and rubbing?
them dver her face. She needs no towel,
for the water Is left to dry. She does not
brush her teeth, for they are stained black
by chewing the betel nut. Her hair does
not require combing, either, for It Is all
shaved except a. little tuft_on the top ol
away from Impending disaster. The
trainmen huddled again In the baggage
car door, with their eyes glued on the
runaways; the Noose is so perfect. a curve
that every foot of their flight could be
seen. It was' a race backward to save
the passenger train; but for every mile
they could crowd Into its wheels the run
aways were making two. Pat Francis
saw It first — saw it before they had cov
,ered half the distance back to Toltec.
They could never make the hill west of
the Noose; it wasn't in steam to beat
gravity. Moreover, if they crowded No. 2
too hard she might fly an elevation and
go Into the gulf. It Is one thing to run
down hill and another thing to fall down
-hill. The tea train was falling doVn hill.
Francis turned to bare-headed John
Parker and handed him his watch and
hls^money.
"What do you mean?" John Parker
choked - the words out because he knew
what he meant.
"Turn this stuff In to Bucks, John, if
I don't make it. It's all company money."
The brakeman, greenish and dazed,
steadied himself with a hand on the
Jamb; the baggageman stared wild-eyed
through his rusty lenses. "Pat," he fal
tered, "what do you mean?"
"I'll, drop off at the Toltee switch and
maybe I can open it to catch that string
—we'll never make it this way, John,
In God's world."
"You might a'most as well jump out
into the canyon; you'll never live to use
a switch key, Pat— we're crowding a mile
a minute. — "
Francis looked at him steadily as he
pulled his ring and took a switch key
off the bunch.
"They're crowding 2. John."
The car slued under them. John Parker
tore oft his spectacles.
"Put, I'm a lighter man than you—
give me the switch-key!" he cried, grip
ping the conductor's shoulder as he fol
lowed him out of the door to the plat
form. .
"No." /
"Your children are younger than mine,
Pat. Give me the key." •
"This is my train, John. Ask Bucks
to look after my Insurance."
With these words Francis tore the old
When No. 2 rolled into Medicine Bend
next morrilng Bucks climbed aboard, and
without ceremony elbowed his way
through the excursionists dressing in the
aisles to the Injured conductor's state
room. He was In there a good bit.
When ha came out the chief priests of
Brooklyn crowded around to say fast
things to. the kuperlntendent about his
conductor and their conductor. As they
talked Bucks looked in a minute over
their heads; he did that way when think
ing. Than he singled out the Depew of
man's inrcat, but Francis* head rose
again out of the dust; be raised again
on his bands and dragging after him one
leg like a dead thing, crawled heavily
toward the switch. He reached the stand
and caught at It He pulled himself up
on one lee and fumbled an Instant at the
lock, then he Jerked the target. As It
fell, clutched In both his hands, " the
caboose of the tea train leaped on the
tongue rail. The fore truck shot into
the switch. The heels, caught for a
hundredth of a second In the slot, flew
out, and like the head of a foaming cur
the caboose doubled frantically on Its
trailers. The tea cars tripped. Jumped the
main rail like cannon balls, one. two.
three, four, five — out and Into the open
gulf.
The crash rolled up the gorge and down.
.It drove' eagl*s from their nests and
wolves from their hollows. Startled birds
wheeling above the headlong cars
shrieked a chorus; a cloud ilke smoke
followed the wreck down the mountain
side. And the good people of No. 2, the
pleasure-seekers that Pat Francis was
taking care of— $125 a month— saw It all
and tried to keep cool and think.
He lay prostrate across the road, a
bruised and dirty and bloody thing. John
Parker, stumbling on rlcketv knees,
reached him first, but he spoke again and
again befofe the blooishot eyes reluct
antly opened. And then Pat Francis,
choking, spitting, gasping, clutching at
John Parker's bony arm. raised his head.
It fell back into the cinders. But he
doggedly raised It again— and shook the
broken teeth from between his lips— and
lived. His face was like a section of
beefsteak, and the Iron lear th»t struck
the ballast last had snapped twice under
him. A few minutes afterward he lay In
the stateroom of the forward sleeper and
tried with his burning, swollen tongue to
talk to Brooklyn men who feelingly stared
at him, and to Brooklyn women who pret
tily cried at him, and to old John Parker
who unsteadily swore at him as he fanned
his own whiskers and Pat Francis' head
with the baggage clip.
Replying to yours of the 8th. relative to tte
charge* egatnst Conductor P. J. Francis, I have
hit itatement In the matter. The detective
who paid the cash far* to R«d Cloud was not
put oft thcra became no atop w»§ mads, the
train betn» that nlsht under my ord«r» to
make no atops below Wild Hat. It was the
nm of the Brooklyn Yellowstone excursions,
and Ohtcaro was anxious to make the Colum
bian Pacific connection. This was done In spite
of number one's coming: Into this dtTlaion thrse
hours late and ajrainst a hard itorm. At Wild
Hat the detective. r'.&seJ as an Italian, was
overlooked In the hurry and carried by. While
no cachfare slip was Issued, the fare was
turned In by Conductor Francis to tha auditor
In the regular way. and Investigation of his
trip will, he tells me. confirm hla atatement of
fact. If so. I think you will agree with m#
that he Is relieved of any suspicion of dishon
esty In the matter. I have nevertheless cau
tioned him on his failure to hand the passen
ger a far* voucher, and have informed him
that hla explanation waa entirely aatlafactory:
In fact, after tha affair at Tolteo he deaerrea
a great deal more from the company. By re
quest of the Brooklyn excursionists I Inclose
an expresalon of their opinion of Conductor
Francis' Jump from No. 2 to set the Tolteo
¦witch. All of which la respectfully submit
ted. J. F. BUCKS, Superintendent.
Pat Francis la still running passenger.
But Alfabet Smith's men work more now
on the East End.
(Copyright. 1302. by Frank Spearman.)
In the end Bucks had to hold No. 1
thirty minutes and to lay out tha re
mains of the tea train, which was still
waiting to get out of the yard.
After the last yell from the departing
excursionists. Bucks went back to his of
fice and dictated for the general manager
a resort of tha Toltec wreck. Then h.
-wrote this letter to him:
they «o crowded the upper floor that
Bucks was afraid of a collapse, and the
testimonial was excitedly carried down
to the w&lttnc-room. Then the women
wanted to sign. When they began It
looked serious, for no woman could be
hurried, and those who were creatures of
sentiment dropped a tear on their signa
tures, thinking the paper was to hang In
Pat Francis" parlor.
HOW THE YELLOWSTONE EXCURSION
ESCAPED ITS PURSUER
THE STTNDAT CAM*
13
FranR !i Spearman's Thrilling Railroad Stories.
This Is the First of a Bemarkuble Series by This Talented Writer. Watch for
"The Trainman's Story"— -Next Sunday.RECOLLECTIONS AND
REFLECTIONS OF
THOMAS FITCH
The public opinion of that day concern
ing the Judicial tribunals of Nevada Ter
ritory was Inadvertently but aptly ex
pressed by a newly appointed bailiff of
the Territorial Supreme Court. He was
a long, lean gentleman, of great gravity
and dignity of demeanor, with a sonorous
voice, a most imposing manner and an
exalted idea of the importance of his of
fice. It was his duty at the beginning of
the term to -announce to the assembled
bar of the Territory that its highest judi
cial tribunal was open for business. No
particular formula had been prescribed
for such announcement, and it had not
occurred to "Baron Pumpernickel," as
the bailiff was nicknamed, that it would
be all sufficient to say to the lawyers and
litigants in waiting, "Gentlemen, the Su
preme Court." So, swelling with his im
portance,, the - baron stretched forth hla
arm— "Oyez, oyez, oyez," he cried, "the
Honorable the Supreme Court cf the Tor-
unable to sustain one, a few months later
voted with equal ¦ unanimity to adopt one,
and whatever reason for this change was
given to the public, the real reason was
a desire to get rid of the Judges of the
Territorial courts. As was wittily said by
a delegate In the constitutional conven
tion when the report of the committee on
State seal was read, "Instead of 'Volens
et Potens,' the motto of Nevada ought to
be - "Nolens Volens/ " It was this same
delegate who Insisted that In consequence
of the need of legislation it would be well
to provide "that for the first two years
the legislature shall hold its biennial ses
sions annually." .
ritory of Nevada !s now in session. God
help the people of the Territory of Ne
vada." •
Among the lesser lights of the bar of
that day was Tom Cox. He was some
what too bibulous and too scattering to
achieve , a leading practice in Virginia
City, but in the neighboring district, of
which Washoe City was the county seat,
he was facile princeps.
He was a North Carolinian, a college
graduate, a student first, of divinity, later
of medicine and lastly of law. He was
a typical "forty-niner," for he had been
a miner, a lumberman and a teamster,
as well as a doctor, a preacher and a
lawyer. He was an all around sport and
as fond of fun as a boy. He was adroit
and eloauent at the bar or on the hust
ings, and it was his boast that he could
with equal facility draw a complicated
bill In equity without an erasure or an
interlineation, and that with a dragoon
revolver he- could shoot the head off a
chicken at twenty paces. He was as free
to borrow your ; money when you had any
as he was to loan you his own— when he
had anv— and he never drew a solvent
breath from Monday morning to Satur
day night. He occupied a dilapidated one
story wooden building In Washoe City,
where he established his law office in the
front room, while in the' rear apartments
he located j his living rooms, where he
did his own cooking and lived sometimes
alone and' sometimes with a companion
who . ameliorated • the acerbities of his
bachelor life, : .
The speech of Tom Cox on the action
of Negus ; against : the .Ophir .Company . is
a Nevada .classic. "Gentlemen of the
Jury," said he, "this case baa been on
"Mr. Smith," • said Judge Caleb.'Bur
bank, •"you have been convicted of the
crime of murder in the second degree,
and for some reason not apparent to the
court, the Jury has ; recommended you to
its mercy. Your crime was dastardly.
While your victim was seated you tame
behind him. and without any apparent
provocation you stabbed him in ; the back.
You are a man over fifty years of age,
and it is in the power of this court
to sentence you to imprisonment for the
remainder of your natural life, but the
jury which convicted you has: seen nt
to recommend you .to mercy, arid as. this
court does not feel at liberty to entirely
disregard the recommendation of the
Jury, it will comply with It to the extent
of not giving you a life sentence. The
sentence of this court is that you be con
fined at hard labor in the Nevada Peni
tentiary for fifty years."
"From what you know of, yourself,"
said Charley Bryan to a smooth-tongued
witness who had given damaging, testi
mony against him, "from what you know
of yourself and of your reputation for
truth and, veracity In this community,
would you believe yourself under oath
where you were personally '¦ interested."
The reply Is not chronicled., ¦" .' - :
L',' Judge ,G./' said his partner, '•you have
violated^ our partnership agreement and
this law firm must be dissolved at once.
It was distinctly agreed between us that
we were to take . turns impartially in get
ting drunk— week and week about. You
have now been ! drunk > two days in my
week. . You have failed • to control your
inordinate appetite for liquor J you have
usurped my privileges; you have deprived
me of my bargained rights, and we break
up right here and now."
Colonel . Calhoun * Thompson, aspirant
for." Sheriff In an outlying county, pe
rused with . Indignation an J article which
appeared In the Carson* Appeal reflecting
on the character, career and charac ter-
Their first view of the pleasant country
home that was to be theirs for two hap
py weeks was calculated to dishearten
any one less optimistic than a summer
boarder or a perennial candidate for of
fice. The magnificent view that had been
promised them was bounded on the south
by a creamery, on the: east by a barn
yard, on the north' by the rear elevation
of a glue factory, and on the west by
a grindstone and a discouraged wheel
barrow. It was ten miles 'from a rail
road, fifteen miles from a stream of water
deep enough to float a seagoing mosqui
to, and. about three thousand miles from
any resemblance to the paradise described
In the advertisement. All the comforts of
home that It appeared to possess were of
the sort that a man leaves home to set
away from, j
' One of the things that they desired to
secure they were granted the first thing
off the bat, and that was early rising.
In fact, they rose several times the first
night to organize a posse for the pursuit
cf happiness and other things that In
sisted on occupying uie bed with them.
in the Intervals of this amusing pastime
Their hearts and their collars were high
with hope and gloss starch as they pic
tured to themselves the delights of a real
home in the country that they were soon
- to taste. . They would rise early In the
morning when all the world .was bathed
in sunshine and fresh buttermilk, and
list to the sweet carol of the birds and
eke the hired man as he fared forth to
tap the brindle heifer in the back pasture
or to commit assault and battery on the
sweet scented clover In the meadow abaft
the barn.. They dreamed sweet dreams of
the new mown eggs and. the fresh laid
honey tbat should gladden their sensitive
palates, of. milk Innocent of the corrod
ing touch of eau de Croton and of butter
that should be kind but firm. The wily
advertisement had spoken to them of
gentle but amusing pastimes, of tennis
and golf, even the unsuspecting croquet,
and in their unsuspecting young hearts
they believed it all. They bad not yet
learned that there are three varieties of
liars: Common or garden liars, poets and
men. who advertise.
In the, fullness of time and of his pock
etbook the longing came to George ,Van
Smlthers to go forth and let the great
heart of; Mother Nature beat against. his
own for a few consecutive beats. The
summer; is a good time for beats of all
kinds, but'George didn't know that when
he first began to foregather with the said
longing. During .the long, hard winter
George's calling and election .was to. reel
off ;< hosiery and refined underwear at a
genteel : haberdashery in - the busx ; city at
an assessed valuation of $16 per week.
When, the news was broken to him that
the hobbles were to be taken off for as
much as two weeks during the heated
term he had difficulty In expressing his
gratitude; after the two weeks were over
he could have sent his gratitude under
a 2-cent stamp with room to spare.
., After a prolonged wrestle with a' table
of logarithms masquerading as a railroad
and hotel guide , he decided on a quiet
place in the country, "tewns moderate,
all the t comforts of home," - that ' might
have ' been - an , exact _ reproduction of the
original 'Adam ' sanitarium In the garden
of Eden, if one could judge from the ad
vertisement ) . One of ¦ George's accom
plices In the hosiery, . profession . was en
ticed f Into , accompanying him and to
gether they ' Journeyed ' forth to ! the land
of promise.
/~Y TMMER had come and the voice of
XSK the unassuming but deadly green
IT-) apple and of the icecream parlor
£*^ were heard in the land. The ther
mometer was working overtime and the
ice man warbled his cheerful lay as he
laid ¦ the" householder's dally portion of
congealed bacteria on the slide of the
microscope and trundled his bill Into the
elevator. The asphalt melted patiently
away in the gentle but persistent -rays of
the sun even as the dividends of the
trust that laid it and the coal man sailed
away on his yacht to gather strength and
a new schedule of prices against the day
when a beneficent Providence should once
more place the caloric destiny of the hu
man race into his philanthropic hands." **
It was the season when the dwellers in
the cities fold up their household gods'
and their consciences and put them away
in camphor, and laden down with good
intentions and bales of greenbacks hie
them to the mountain and the seashore to
get next to nature. It was the time of
the year when every man feels the stir
of that longing of which the poet — who
had probably been on a vacation himself—
sings in those "touching" strains:
Oh, for a 'odge In some vast wilderness
Where I may loaf all -day and pleasure seek.
Feast upon canned goods, sleep on bags of hay.
And. pay, the landlord twenty bones a week.- .
(Copyright. 19C3. by Albert Brttt.)
Hereafter when Georsre takes a sum
mer vacation it will be in hypodermic
Injections within reach of a pitcher "of
lcewatei and an electric fan. Also, he
Is of the opinion that the man who as
cribed a divine origin to the country
would be willing to make an exception
of the country that preys on summer
boarders.
They tasted the Joys of country life for
exactly five days, during the which they
amused themselves by comparing mos
quito bites and watching the mercury
and their bills do a dally, steeplechase.
At the end of that time they pooled their
surplus and journeyed back to town on
the bumpers of a freight train to take
a little rest in their hall bedrooms, where
nothing disturbed them save the stately
rustle of the cable cars and the deep,
regular breathing of the policeman on
the corner.
The breakfast was another grand con
firmation of the theory that anticipation
has realization beaten hands down about
ten times out of nine. Th» eggs that
were surnamed fresh In the prospectus
had apparently suffered an early disap
pointment that had permanently em
bittered their entire natures; the milk
had a pale and drawn look, as though It
had risen too early— and been skimmed;
and the butter, when it was led in by its
keeper, seemed shorn of Its pristine
glory, although it must be admitted that
the amateur Delilah who had officiated
on it had not performed her task with
the thoroughness that had caused the
downfall of the original Samson. At last,
to their deep Joy, spring chicken appeared
and their hopes sat up and - breathed
again. But alas, for the frailtv of hu
man hopes, the springs were rubber.
they sat en th* floor ana ltstenod t» a
selected and highly trained choir of mos
quitoes singing portions of the latest ope
ras and a company of canines afflicted
with Insomnia who were busily engaged
in telling: th« moon what thmy thought
of It. The large, elegant and commodious
apartment which they occupied was on
the saloon deck of th» kitchen and the
gentle tephyrs that were wafted across
the bed ever and anon were reminiscent
of the cool wave that comes up from th*
stoke hole of an ocean liner when all
the dampers are turned. About the mid
dle of the nteht. as it seemed to their
decadent city Intellects, the sun began to
make preparations for getting up and
from that time on ther» was nothing do
ing for gentle Morpaeus. He bad about
as much chance with George and his fel
low victim was an undersized snowball in
the place where summer hotel-keepers
and other enemies of the human race aro
supposed to land eventually.
An Average Idiot's
; Summer
Vacation.
By Nicholas Nemo
MODERN FABLES FOR THE FOOLISH
istlcs of all members of the colonel's par
ty, and especially upon those who sup
ported the colonel for office. Determined
to vindicate or avenge his friends, the
colonel armed himself with a huge hick
ory cane, a bowie-knife and a pair of
Derringers, and,' mounting his horse, he
rode Into Carson.^ Having hitched his
horse and quenched his thirst at the
Howling Wilderness saloon the colonel
strode over to the newspaper office. It
was the noon hour, and all the Appeal
force had departed save an undersized,
beardless, fragile-looking young man, who
was seated at a table in the corner scissor
ing a pile of exchanges. "Are you," said
Colonel Thompson, as he pounded his
cane upon the office floor, "are you the
blankety blank scoundrel who edits tUa
paper V The young man la the oormt
looked up, snatched a eocked rwntwmr
from the table drawer and Uv«l«d It at
Colonel Thompson. "I Insist," sal* haw
"upon my parliamentary rights. I eaQ
for a division of the question."
And he was accorded them, an* Vu
scrimmage did not come off.
There was much activity in the polit
ical arena In Nevada as elsewhere in the
late sixties, and In the absence of thea
ters and concerts the crowds who attend
ed upon the hustings were large and ap
preciative of a good point, whoever It
might hit. When the fourteenth amend
ment . was under discussion a candidate
for . Congress was expatiating upon the
dire results to flow from its adoption.
"Under it," said he, "if Nevada refuses
to admit Chinamen to vote her represent
ation in Congress will be reduced." "Ne
vada has but one member of Congress,"
retorted his opponent, "and I do not see
how we can reduce her representation un
less we elect you." , *' i .
There was a great meeting at Austin
called to listen to a Joint debate between
the Congressional " candidates. One of
these was a young man with a heavy
head of brick-auburn hair, which he part
ed In the middle, and a well developed
bump of self-esteem. . Austin was in the
eastern portion of Nevada, 160 miles from
the western section, with a desert wilder
ness: between. "My opponent," said on"*
of the speakers, "has been called . the
young Samson . of his party, , and I admit
the aptness of the comparison. Like
Samson he has a heavy head of hair in
which his strength mainly liesand which
he parts In the middle to avoid disturbing
the equilibrium of his intellect He has
come across the desert, which divides Aus
tin from Virginia City in order' to enligh
ten us; Philistines upon constitutional
law. Like Samson he has come up out
of • the wilderness • hoping to prevail
against us, and with the same weapon
that, was used by his predecessor." The
speaker did not say what the weapon was,
but the audience caught on.
Tens of thousands of the brightest,
bravest, most generous, enterprising and
energetic men on earth, the Knight Pala
dins, who challenged the brute forces of
nature to combat, the soldiers who, pos
sessed with the aura sacra fames, faced
the storm and the savage, the desert and
disease, swarmed around the base of
Mount Davidson and reached out to Au
rora, to Recce River, and to the moun
tains of the Humboldt. Crawling like
huge files over the bald ekulls of lofty
mountains, plodding across alkaline des
erts, which pulsed with deluding mirages
under the throbbing light, and smiting
with pick and hammer at the adamantine
doors of the earth's treasure chamber,
these pioneers engaged In their self-im
posed task.
Readier with rifle or revolver than with
scriptural quotations was the Kevadan of
those days and readier still with his coin
sack at the call of distress. Under the
blue shirt might be found sometimes a.
graduate of Yale, and sometimes a fugi
tive from Texas. No man assumed to bo
better than his neighbor and no man con
ceded his Inferiority to anybody. Frei
burg graduates and sheep herders, divin
ity students and Cornish miners, farmer
boys and ex-Judges of the Supreme Court
were all treasure seekers together, and
a. blow of a pick might make or unmake
fortunes and equalize the beggars and
the princes of this Aladdin's cave. Some
found fortunes and some found unmarked
graves upon the hillsides, and many have
become rich or renowned in other fields,
but not one among them all will remem
ber with other than affection the days
away back "In the sixties," when he
wrought the warp and spun the woof of
rainbows In the Sagebrush State. .
In those days only the upper levels of
the Cometock were yielding their treas
ures, the great Bonanza was undiscov
ered, the California and Consolidated Vir
ginia exhibited nothing but barren quartz
and hope, and those who at a later day
controlled the financial and political des
tinies of Nevada were working as labor
ers in the mines or mixing cocktails or
practicing as members of as brilliant a
bar as could be found in any community
of thrice its size in all the land.
Never was there a Berserker In all the
realm of Odin who loved to fight*
Cor the fight's take, for the very Joy
cf combat, better than United States
Senator William M. Stewart. Glo
rious, incomparable, Indomitable, .un
dismayed, tireless "Old Bill." Though
fortune forsake him, though death
enatch from him his nearest, though
the favored of Plutus Intrigue for
his toga, though the wand of age has
changed his tawny hair and beard to sil
ver, bis steel blue eyes have not lost
their glitter, nor bis port Its erectness,
and he springs to the front in the tourna
ment of Senatorial debate as vigorous
and alert as when he engaged in the con
tests of the courtroom forty years ago.
And it was a field of battle in which
the warriers were Intellectual athletes.
Ex-Supreme Justice Charley Bryan, who
»«*eaped from desert eand storms and
A»__cbe arrows, and at last choked to
death on a beefsteak In a Carson res
taurant; Thomas H. Williams, who was
forced to take a portion of the Califor
nia mine for a fee, and held it because he
could not sell It, and was made a mil
lionaire In despite of himself; Frank
Hereford, afterward Congressman and
Senator from West Virginia; Meslek, and
liillyer. and Baldwin, and DeLong, and
Ferley, and last but not least, Charles H.
8. Williams, who once said to me, "I am
goins back to California. I have prac
ticed law In Virginia City for a year. I
have taken in over forty thousand dollars
In cash fees, and I have never tried a
case in which I was not forced to know
tbat cither by my client or by the client
of my opponent the Judge. or the. Jury,
or both, bad been bribed." He returned
to Ban Francisco, failed to recover his
lost practice there, and too proud to be
second where he had once been first.: in
a fit of despondency blew out bis brains.
General Williams did not much overes
timate the situation, for the voters of
Nevada who had previously voted almost
unanimously to " reject "a* 'cbhstitutlon'of
State government, believing - themselves
Copyright. 1903. by Thomas Fitch.
THE SILVER STATE.
CHAPTER I.
r^* VERDURELE8S, treeless, arid
f I plain, stretching away westward
r"""! from the eastern slope of the pine
V» I crowned Sierras, with a few
•^ streams tumbling in cascades and
rapids from the mountains and coursing
through a few narrow green valleys ere
they lose themselves in the sagebrush
desert— such was the Silver State in 18C0,
•when Horace Greeley Bald. "Nevada
ought to be good for silver, for It is not
good for anything else." And the pioneers
replied:
Whmt thcurh Nevada*! hills be sere.
Her deceits drear, her tempest! colJ.
EUU to her mountain breast
Th« preclou* ore 1* preaaed.
Her brow Is silver tressed.
Her veins are gold.
"After their wine dinners the trustees
occupied the night and sometimes the en
tire Sabbath in playing the great Ameri
can game with blue chips and a celling
limit. The Ophlr had a United States Sen
ator and a United States District Judge
s for its— attorneys and its stockholders
'walked along snuffing the stars. Now,
gentlemen of the Jury, how have the
mighty fallen. Ophlr stock has dropped
from four hundred dollars to one hun
dred dollars per share. The dividends
have ceased. The decayed and untrav
eled bridge ' across the diminished lake
has become useful chiefly as a shelter for
young wild ducks, while their pin feathers
are growing. The high fence has fallen
bo low that the lowliest wood packing
jackass of the ridge can straddle It, the
pop of champagne corks is heard no more
in the! dismantled brick house, and when
the dejected trustees occasionally assem
ble there' they use beans for chips with
one cent ante, and ten cents limit, and
each director squealing for a sight all the
time. The great Ophir Company has
struck hot water and desert sand In Its
mine and come down to Whitman and
Fitch for lawyers."
the calendar of the court for four years,
and for one reason or another its trial
has been postponed many times, at the
Instance first of the plaintiff, and then of
the defendant. The attorneys who
brought the suit against the Ophlr Com
pany have retired from the scene of inhu
man activities, one of them peaceably and
the other forcibly, and I have taken their
place, while the original attorneys for
defendant now wear the tog;a and the er
mine. Many changes have taken place
since Negus was driven from his wood
ranch by the defendants. When this ac
tion was Instituted the Ophir Company
was the Incorporate 'High yu Muck a
Muck' of the sagebrush. Its stock sold
for $4000 a foot— It paid monthly dividends
on each foot of $150. It had a brick house
at its reduction . works which . were sur
rounded by a high fence to exclude the
gaze of the. vulgar. It built, a bridge
across the muddy pond which, when It
has any water in it, is called 'Lake' Wa
6hoe, so mat when the trustees came
down every Saturday for their wine din
ner'they were not obliged to go around
the alleged lake to get there. '
THIS Is the first of a series of
"Recollections and Reflection*"
about t amous Americans of yes
terday by Thomas Fitch, "the
silver-tongued orator," who, better
than any man of to-day, knows
whereof he writes and writes whereof
he knows with wit, wisdom and bril
liancy truly fascinating. Just watch
for his "Becollections and 'Reflec
tions" of the Bonanza kings, who
put a girdle of gold around the world.
2i cxt Sunday.
THE SUNDAY CALIn
140 ' ?
Se thrust the Lime a hundred times and clearly won the prize— »
Just because his own strong juice got into Cuban's •yea.
The next thing on the programme was a jig by Happy Pat,
Who danced until his strength gave out and, exhausted, fell down flat.
There were many other things, my dears, to mark this gladsome day,
And every one that took a part won praise from Pumpkin gay.
"But one remains," the monarch said, in glancing o'er the host,
"Who needs must do a thing or two if he would have ray toast."
The venerable Grandpa Prune stepped forth and bowed with ease and grao*
¦And said: "0 Worthy King, yon know I'm the oldest of our race.
Forsooth, I am too aged to bo sprightly Ilk* th« rest,
But to please your Gracious Majesty I shall try to do my best;
; Z cannot dance, I cannot sing: — that you all know well,
But if your. Majesty will allow I shall your fortune telL"
Old Grandpa hobbled to the King, who held out his jeweled hand
To have .his fortune told therewith by the wizard of the land.
6ld Prune looked at the lines awhile, and said with great surprise: .
"There dwells some place a Princess who has rich and lustrous eyes.
She is waiting to be wedded by the King of all the realm,
And she'd be quite a mate for you in guiding at the helm.-
It pains me, Gracious Majesty," Old Prune said with regret,
"To say that I do not know where this maiden can be met."
The King was all a-flutter, and with a firm command
He ordered General Pippin bold to scour the entire land.
"Fetch to me this Princess fair, and he who does succeed,
Shall ever be in favor high and shall never be in need.
Now, haste away, my Pippin good, and search both- far and near/rW)
And do not gaze upon me more until you bring her here.'*
General Pippin dashed away with purpose well defined,
With Crookneck Squash and Badish red trudging close behind.
The King' made ready to receive the Princess fair and fine,
And he felt very certain that he shoxsM see her in short time*
How, I think, my darling dears, ni stop and rest awhile, ,
.But next week you shall hear about more to make you smilt.
The next thing on the programme was a fencing contest fine
Between Old Spanish Onion and Nimble Cuban Lime,
The fencers used long, pointed reeds, and the laughter, sweets, was great
As little Xdme with confidence danced round bis older mate.
The scientific youngster struck at least one hundred blows
To every one old Onion struck — and such laughter, goodness knowil
• • •
Old Dr. Carrot scraped and bowed and hastened o'er the green
To where the fat old fellow lay in pain so sharp and keen.
The Doctor felt his pulse awhile and listened to his heart
And then assumed a wrinkled brow, which is the doctor's art.
"This case, 0 King, is serious," said the Doctor, bowing low,
"But I think I can fix him up within an hour or so."
He found the sharpest blade of grass, and from big Melon's side \
He- cut a fine triangle as the King looked on with pride.
While Water Melon wailed and moaned the surgeon with 1 great speed
Took out through the open place a badly damaged seed,
The patient soon recovered strength— with neither nurse nor drug:
And now, my dears, you know about the first big-melon plug.
But Onion, cool old fellow, smiled and never said a word, * <
But calmly waited for a chance to thrust his trusty sword.
He seemed so greatly overmatched that the monarch finally said:
" 'Twere meet that I should call a halt before my subject's deiid."
But old Onion, spunky fellow, with gameness stood his ground
While nimble little Cuban Lime danced 'round and 'round and 'round.
Old Onion's strength was failing fast, until he scarce could stand,
And finally the other knocked the sword from, out his hand.
"You're at my mercy !"Lime cried out, and his face flushed deep with pride,
And an instant later sent his sword into old Onion's side.
That thrust, my precious dumplings— strange as it may be,
Brought woe unto the nimble Lime and gave Onion victory.
When the point pierced Onion's side the juice flew out in stream
And some got into Cuban's eyes and some went to the green.
While the Lime was blinded, old Onion saw his chance
And took his sword up f*om the ground and started in to dance.
f>^g^_'>^4 BEN I left off last week, my sweets, King Pumpkin's
host had made
ji^a'/' tlM J^R A. palace rich and beautiful, with domes of every shade.
J-sW/fsWiK w So delighted was His Majesty with the work that had
J££jj~au£&££ been done
That he proclaimed a holiday and urged all on to fun.
He charged young Guernsey Parsnip to prepare a programme gay
And selected General Pippin as Officer of the Day.
"Methinks that I," said Pippin proud, "should have an aid or so,
For I can't be expected to do everything, you know."
Happy Pat Potato knelt before the jovial king
And said: "Make me Policeman and I'll w&tch everything.
O worthy sire, I'm well equipped, and the honor I should prize,
And there'd be no offender who'd escape my many eyes."
"Bight well," King Peter quickly said, "and the Master of the Suit
Will fit you out in. proper style from helmet down to boo.t."
Now ni speed on, my pretty ones, and tell you what- was done
To give King Peter pleasure and afford his subjects fun.
The first thing on the programme was a tribute to the King, W»M
Who applauded very heartily, as did every other thing.
Our old friend Water Melon ran a race with Oxheart Beet
And the excitement of the contest was pitched to fever heat.
Just before the goal was reached big Melon tripped and fell
And bumped his side so painfully that he set up a yell.
He tried his very best to rise, but every effort failed him,
Till Dr. Carrot chanced along and the monarch quickly hailed him.;i» ' ,
"It is my wish," the sovereign said, and, my pets, he was quite flurried,
"That Melon be attended, for indeed I am much worried,"
THE WONDERFUL KINGDOM OF
WONDERFUL THINGS
THE SUNDAY CALL.
15*/Ty. QME, come, come, children!
\\f \!This ; will t neyei> : never; do^-
\lj never in' all the world. Out of
\T the thousands of boys and
girls who sent, in answers to the Sec
ond Contest of the Fifth Series— the
Names of Fairy Tale Characters —
published on September 6, only twen
ty-four guessed them right. Just
think of that: Only twenty-four,
when there are i sixty prizes just
waiting to be gobbled up.
Fie! For Shame!
Children!
Each. cP-These N* 1 "^ P^c^^s R^pi'essn^s 'the Narne oP
SOMETHING NEW NEXT SUNDAY
yon didn't work over your answers '.
as carefully as you might have done. '.
Is that the trouble? Well, well! You \
must all wake up. There are sixty <
prizes. Remember -that. This week !
the Puzzle Editor is helping you out 3
by giving you the solution of two of I
the steamships' names. Yon simply .
can't miss *he other seven, and then— !
weU, watch for th*t big »urprls« next
Sunday.
These ax« the clever twenty-four:
Irving Martin, Stockton; Lucila
KTosher, Berkeley; Joseph Schmidt,
319 Grant avenue, San Francisco;
Merton Pinto, 1419 Scott street, San
Francisco; Julian Pinto, 1419 Scott
street, San Francisco; Helen Kearn,
224 San Jose avenue, San Francisco;
CamillU Herdiger, Stockton; Ethel
Joslin, 509 Point Lobos avenue, San
Trancisco; Marguerite Keel, Menlo
Park; Elaine Standish, 1275 Waller
street, San Francisco; B. H. Bickel,
18 TTH1 street, San Francisco; Irene
Hoge, 1130 Ellis street, San Fran
cisco; Willie Asher, 524 Post street,
San Francisco; Ebba Braese, 2622
Folsom street, San Francisco; May
Hubback, Son Jose; Ellen Peterson,
Menlo Park; Rose Hephey, 4049
Twenty-sixth street, San Francisco;
Genevieve Bogan, 487 Filbert street,
San FTancisco; Irma Perkins, Oak
land; Ruth Dewey, San Rafael; Helen
Spinney, Ross; Gladys Ackley, Palo
Alto; Agnes Schotten, Alameda; Vio
lette Jones, Merced.
FAIRY
RIDDLE
AND
NAME
PUZZLES
THE SUNDAY CALIw
Y A! la! La la la, Children!: Sere are' two bits _'of good news rolled Into one. There is •omethiajp now
; 'v I « for this Sunday and something new for next Sunday. Now aren't yon all excited about itf
111 The something new for this Sunday is that this is the LAST FAIRY RIDDLE PATNT
¦/••• PICTURE.* Doesn't that surprise youP Ha, ha! Thought it? would. Yes, the very last Fairy Riddle.
There will be no more after to-day — " 'cause why?" " 'Cause" the Piizzle Editor has something brand new—
something ever, so ; much more exciting to offer you next Sunday. Ah! No, no, no! It's not what you
think it is at all. Not You couldn't possibly guess what it is, and— the Puzzle Editor can keep a secret.
. You're positively not to know anything whatever about it until next Sunday, so please don't tease. OH!
Of course it will be seomething that you will like better than anything that has ever been printed on
this page. There, now, will you be gqob^nntil next Sunday? In the meantime there is something else new
about the Fairy Biddle this Sunday which you must not overlook, so please pay strict attention.
In order to make this page easier for all you little boys and girls, so that you can get your an
swers in earlier, the Puzzle Editor is going to. let you off fr/am the task of coloring the Fairy Riddle this
.week. Remember! All that you do now is to solve the riddle and find all the objects the answer repre
sents concealed everywhere around that cobbler. Isn't that ever so much easier?
Each of the nine pictures in this, the fourth contest of the FIFTH SERIES of 'Name Puzzles,
represents, the name of a Famous Ocean Steamer. . The fourth is Neckar, the eighth is Bremen. Can you
guess the rest? And that Fairy Riddle— but there it is in big letters at the top of the picture. Can you
solve^ltP. . AH! There is rich reward for you if you. can. Now is your chance. Remember there will be
a SPECIAL ;$5 and $10 PRIZE for the highest percentage of the whole thirteen weeks of the Fifth Series.
v And now listen carefully: THESE ARE SIXTY PRIZES, and this is what you must do to win
one of them: ' '-*•¦• ~ * • .' - : -.
:¦ First — Find the name of a Famous Ocean Steamer represented in' each of the Nine Small
Puzzle Pictures on. this page, and write it out in fulljin the space oppbsite the proper corresponding Him
,; ber provided for the purpose iif the coupon on this page, as per directions; and
. y ;¦ ¦¦•".;] Second— After, solving the Fairy/Riddle printed in big letters at the top of the big picture here
v * with,'{find. all: the objects the'answerto the riddle represents; outline each in pencil or ink, fill in the
.. coupcp!. with your of the Fairy Riddle, your name and address and the prize you desire — if
.^>you wiri^and "send the picture, with the coupon attached, to the'EDITOR OF THE FAIRY RIDDLE
v AND7jv T AME.PiTZZIJi:;PAQE, Sunday JCall, San Francisco, Cal. .:
. :$ i ivSEMEMBER-^T/ the FIRST SIXTY BOYS AND GIRLS who not only solve the Nine Name Puz
- zlts ;and the Fairy Riddle correctly and find all the objects enumerated in the riddle one of these SIXTY
';¦': BEAUTIFUL PRIZES as-Ill' be awarded. '¦"- ' '- - " ' ; " --
/ And don't forget this next pointy because it is very Important: at.t, ANSWERS MUST -REACH
\ THIS OFFICE BY FRIDAY NOON. This gives all tlose in th« country an equal chance to compete.
Read everything on this page, to be sure that you overlook nothing that will help yon to win a prize.
,; .THE NAMES OF THE LUCKY WILL BE PUBLISTHSD IN THS SUNDAY CAr.j,
TWO WEEKS FROM . TO-DAY, October*. . .
V • ; These are the TWENTY BEAUTIFUL BOOKS from which you may select if you solve all the puz
ales correctly:' Treasure Island, by Stevenson; Two Years Before the Mast, by Dana; Samantha at
- Saratoga; by Holley; Tom Brown's School Days, by Hughes; A Christmas Carol, by Dickers; A Dog of
«;•: ¦Flanders, by Ouida; Gulliver's, Travels, J^y Swift; The Magic \ Nuts, by ; jtfolesworth; The Little Lams
'Prince, by, Mulock; The* Blithedale Romance,' by Hawthorne; " Kidnaped,' by Stevenson; Uncle Tom's
Cabin, by Harriet Beecher Stowe; v Through the Loekirg-glass- imtf- What Alice . 'ound.There, by Carroll;
Vic— The Autobiography of a Fox Terrier, by Marsh; Rip Van Winkle, by Irvinf; Rab and His Friends,
by Brown $The Courtship of Miles Standish, by Longfellow; The Advtntures of a Brownie, by Mulock;
> Black jBeauty, by Seweli. and Laddie and Miss Toosey s Mission.
v ' - " ' : OR ; A BOS:? OFi SUPERFINE FRENCH PAINTS.
Why, that condition of affairs is
simply astounding! The Puzzle Ed
itor doesn't know what to think of
it, except that all you little boys and
girls, were having too much holiday
last week — with Labor day and Ad
mission day following each other in
such rapid succession— and therefore
16
Solvejthe. puzzles^ v ;> v v r
\
j snd Send It to
the fuzzle Editor,
Sunday CaU, S. F.
To Pjpzzl.e Editor, Sunday Call,
San Francisco:
Below in their proper num-
bers please find my solution of
t>if» names of Famous Ocean
Steamships represented in this
•week's name puzzles:
I
8 *..... -
•^••4 -
4...V.J
•¦'¦'"¦ i :
T..;..; •
5 /i .'. . . • • • •'• • ••••'••••« . • • • • • —-¦
¦ 22? solution of T s
\ l ¦'¦¦¦: ,] 'I September 20, 1003.
'-•"»• ¦> ¦ ¦ . • .
Ktra*.
' 'y* '•" ' ¦¦*. .
'«•'¦"' * ¦.- ' , '
Btreet erT.'O.^.;;.:;;!;...^;;
City ..«.
State
If I -win. Z chocs* for prise
CBm UMt at PrUeajSunday Call
Comic SectionTHE SUNDAY CALL.THE SUNDAY CALL.THEf SUNDAY CALL.Continued on Page 23, Column 4.
Death of Consignor Schroeder.
NEW TCRK, Kept. 19.— Advice* received
her* report tho death in Germany of Hgr.
IV- troefler. formerly rector of the Catholic Unl
veixltjr in Wachlnstoa.
PANAMA CANAL TREATY
WILL NOT BE RATIFIED
Minister Baaupre Cables That Situa
tion Is Unchanged and Discus
sion Sssins Hopeless.
WASHINGTON*. Sept. 13. — Minister
Beaupre ha3 abandoned hooe of
the ratification of the Panama canal
treaty. He cables the State Department
under date cf Bojjota. September IS, that
the situation 14 \nchanged. discussion
seems hopeless, and the Congress proba
bly will adjourn on October 20.
. From Joa' Irving, an old rancher and
prospector who lived In the cabin. 'they
learned that Roberts and three of his men
bad visited It a few hours before and had
gone on, but after frightening Irving he
confessed that they were to return that
night. Accordingly Bailey and 'Wilson
George Roberts and his notorious gang
of cattle thieves and bandits had raided
the Tom Stockton range. Bob Bailey, a
Deputy Sheriff; Ranger Owen Wilson and
a number of cowboys, on learning that
the outlaws were abroad In j the country,
started in pursuit. They caught the trail
of Roberts and his men after a . ride of
thirty miles up the Frisco River. They
followed the trail until dark on last
Wednesday night, when they reached
small stono cabin In a box canyon three
miles north from the mouth of the Blue
River.
TUCSON, Ariz., Sept. 19.— News of a
battle between officers and a. gang of
outlaws on the Blue River, In Graham
County, has been brought into Solomon
ville. ->-•¦
Special Dlepatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. Sept. 19.— It is because of .
the calm determination of Miss Ruth
Bryan— a determination all unshaken by
parental argument and pleading— that this
interesting young woman is to be mar
ried on Saturday, October 3, to. William
Homer Leavltt. the painter of portraits. •
When Mr. and Mrs. William Jennings
Bryan of Lincoln, Neb., send out Invita
tions to the marriago of their .eldest
daughter it will be the close of a strug
glo in which the strong will of the father
has b*>en overcome by the even stronger
will of the daughter. Behind the consent
which these invitations will signify to the
general Dubllc is a story of the supreme
effort put forth by the parents of the
young woman to prevent, and, failing in
that, at least to postpone for one year
or longer the marriage of Miss Ruth to
the young widower, William ¦ H. Lcavltt
of Newport. ' - . . ¦ .
These and other points of ordinary 1m- I
portance are. however, insignificant be
side the main fact that the day after
Miss Bryan becomes of age— and her own
mistress— she . will wed .the man of her
choice, as she vowed she would do when
she encountered the strongest sort of pa-
rental opposition Immediately after that
choice was made known in ttie family
circle. 4
¦ Miss Ruth Bryan will bo 18 years of age
on the mornins of Friday. October 2.
'OLUJIBUS, Ohio, Sept. IS.— Professor
Frederick G. Clarke of the Ohio Stato
University committed suicide to-day by
: hooting himself in the head. It is sup
posed that the reason for the deed was
unfortunate mining investments. Profes-
Kjr Clarke leaves a widow and two email
« hildrcn. H« was a graduate cf the Uni
rentty of Michigan and was an assistant
rrofensor in Iceland Stanford University
for two years.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Sept. 19.—
i'rofessor Clarke was at one time a mem
ber of the faculty of Stanford University.
Jttiring the year 1S31 to 1B93 be held the
j'OEition of instructor Sn political science
i-nd from 1S92 to 1894 he Vas assistant pro
fetssor of economics. Professor Clarke was
not very well known while at Stanford,
this probably being due to Ins rather
'ccentric nature.
laiXS HIMSEI.F WHTLE
IN A DESPONDENT MOOD
Professor Clarke, Formerly Connected
With Stanford University, Com- '
sxits Suicide in Ohio.
Refuses to Cast
Aside Man of
i Her Choice.
Arizona Pursuers
Plan a Fight to
. C1TT OF MEXICO, Sept. 13.— It is re
ported here that an American syndicate
headed by J. P. Morgan of New Tork has
secured an option on about 6.000,000 acres
of land In Western Mexico, adjacent \o
the Mayo River. Pine forests cover about
3,000,000 acres of this land. The syndicate
contemplates establishing large lumber
mills to utilize tho timber, and It will
build about 100 miles of railway If the
purphase be made. The proposed pur
chase price is said to be 40 cents per acre.
Special Cab!e to The Call and New Tork
Herald. Copyright. IOCS, by the New York
Herald Publishing Company. 9
Corporation Headed by Morgan Will \
Invest in Mexican Timber
Lands.
SYNDICATE TO BUY
SIX MILLION ACHES
DEATH ENDS A FAST
IN FOB,TY-FTVE DATS
Pomona Resident Tries to Abstain
Prom Eating, but Hakes
a railure.
POMONA, Sept. 19.— Richard S. Rich
ards, aged Co years, died at his home on
Jcnes street here to-day as a result of
fasting for forty-five days. He believed
I hat ho. had had "a command from neav>
<n" to fast at least clxty-sevc-n days In
<rcer to sain salvation for his ?oul and In
f-pile of the entreaties if his wife, chil
dren and friends he adhered to his dcter
minaUOB to fast sixty-seven days.
All fit hla preparations for death Indi
cate the utmost deliberation 'and a deter
mination that would- brook no- thwarting.
After selecting a spot obscured from the
gaze of any chance passer-by on the path.
Gamble evidently! sat down, and placing
his revolver, to his right temple, fired one
shot. The., bullet glanced off from the
skull,' inflicting a scalp wound. . Finding
that his first attempt was ineffectual he
placed tho muzzle of tho revolver in Ills
mouth and fireO a second time. The bul
let plowed' through the teeth and. gums
and shattered the. skull as If it had been"
an egg shell.
In his dying convulsions Gamble turned
face, downward on the srass.: in which po
sltlon'he was found.'. His right hafti 6tiH
clutched the weapon that had brought • re
lease f iom a life . that had become • un
bearable. His lips .'were Ewollen and; his
eyes were. blackened .from tho blow. of. the
fatal bjullet and it was hard to recognize
ACT WAS DSLIBEEATE.
missal from his official ppsf
and suffering keen remorse . at having
brought disc. edit upon his family and
frlenda, f Deputy United States Marshal"
William P. .'Gamble sent a bullet crash
ing through his brain some time In the"
chill, dark hours of Friday night. . ¦¦
He chose as a spot for the -final trag
edy of hl3 life the thickly wooded em
bankment fronting on Haight street, be
tween Iiroderick and • Central avenue,"
kriotfrn as Buena Vista. Park. Up the long
flight of stairs he dragged his weary feet,'
leaving hope, love 8.nd sympathy behind,
and penetrating. about 200 yards into vtho
park he crawled into the shrubbery and
sought oblivion of what he deemed was
the one irreparable mistake of * a' life
otherwise outwardly fair and honorable
in the sight of men. ,
« w^ RIVEN to desperation by the
Mf {JL disgrace .which attended -the
S flf reve ' atlon °f his ¦ connection
0 M with the Chinese substitution
JaLm^r scandal, smarting under dis-
Continued on Page 22, Column 4.
LEAVES DIRECTIONS.
The act of self-destruction was. not the
Impulse- of- a mad moment.- but was delib
erately planned- for : hours and perhaps
days before." On Friday morning Gam
ble left the ' Franklin Hotel at Franklin
and Market; streets, where he had been
in t the distorted j face, the debonaire fea
tures that until ; a few days ago looked
fearlessiy back Into, honest men's eyes.
The -rigidity.; of -the? body indicated that
death, had . ensued fully ten hours before
the discovery^' ¦'
Continued on Page 22, Column 2.
The Sheriff was thunderstruck at the
revelation and volunteered to assist the
posse in bringing his guilty deputies to
justice. The posse- divided, and Dasha,
Burnett and Dempsey were arrested sepa
rately .and taken Quietly to a private house.
Here the prisoners were questioned sepa
rately, the examination bt ginning at 7
o'clock in the evening .and lasting until 4
'o'clock ¦ yesterday morning. After each
had weakened before the persistence of
the Sheriff. and the United States Mar
shal and told his story the three were
brought together to compare notes and
harmonize apparent discrepancies.
- On Friday afternoon the Federal posse
called upon Sheriff Lackmann and made
him acquainted 1 with that part of Gam
ble's confession implicating the jailers.
THREE - JAILE3S CONFESS.
have made complete confes
sions to the effect that they and the lato
Marshal's deputy had. been tfigaged in the
work of substituting Chinese since last
December. The names of the deputies are
William F. Dasha. Thomas T. Burnett
and .Thomas J. Derapsey. These three
vfere on the night shift at the County Jail
and it was necessary that the entire shift
should be • In the conspiracy, otherwise
the'- suspicions of the odd man might be
aroused and detection be risked. Accord
ing to the confessions as made to United
States Marshal Shine, United States Dis
trict Attorney Woodworth, United States
Secret Service Agents William J. Burns
and Har^ I Moffltt, Sheriff John Lack
rr.arm and Deputy United State3 Marshal
Farish, the conspirators received $200 for
each Chinese^ person substituted. Ono
third of thi3 sum was Gamble's share and
the two-thirds remaining was divided, or
to be divided, among the t*A"ee Jailers.
a S a result of the confession
y©4 made by Deputy United States
. / 1* Marshal William P. Gamble
/ ul last Monday three Sheriffs
A.'"' IBL deputies are under arrest and
RUTH BRYAN
DEFIES WILL
OF PARENTS
RIFLES BARK
IN A BATTLE
WITH BANDITS
Unable to Face Con*
sequences of His
Dishonesty.
Conspire to .Violate
Federal Exclusion
, A Sa result, of- the dis
jt\ closures made in the
matter .of substituting
decrepit Chinamen for
young men of that nation
' ality who have been ordered
to be deported William P.
Gamble, formerly a Deputy
United States Marshal, who
confessed to his part in the
affair, unable to bear the
: , disgrace f attendant, on his
wrongdoing; shot and killed
himself Friday night in
Btieiia Vista Park. His body
was discovered yesterday
morning.- As a result of the
confession made by Gamble,
William F. Dasha, Thomas
T. Burnett \ and Thomas J.
. Dci:cpsey, three night jailers
at. the. County Jail, ivcre
i taken into custody Friday
; itight ' and, kept without
communication in a room in
the Appraisers 7 ; building
until last evening, when
'. they were •transferred "to the
City Prison. ¦.-They:, have
confessed to complicity in
the substitution plot.
Guardians of County
Jail Involved in
Crime.
WELLAND, Ontario, Sept 13.— The suit
Instituted by the owners of the American
Fishing tug Kitty D. which was seized
by. the Canadian revenue cutter Petrel
while the fonnor Is alleged to have been
fishing In Canadian waters, was contin
ued -to-day. -The testimony developed
that the Petrel's commander depended
solely on his loc to fix the dividing line
between American and Canadian waters.
The seizure was made near the center of
tho lake. A storm was blowing at the
time and the American fishermen claimed
that the location of the line by tho Cana
dian revenue officials was mots or less
guesswork.
The evidence presented will bo argued
In Toronto at a date to be decided upon
later.
Seized Their Boat Went by
Guesswork.
Claim That Canadian Officials Who
AMERICAN FISHERMEN
•jvtattr OUT A GOOD CASE
W. P. Gamble Ends
Blighted Career
With Bullet.
DEPUTY UNITED STATES MAR5HALGAMBLE,,WHO KILLED HIMSELF AFTER CONFESSING HIS GUILT E
4 CONNECTION WTI1 THE PLOT TO -SUBSTITUTE DECREPIT CHINESE FOR YOUNG MONGOLIANS OUDERE
DEPORED, AND THREE DEPUTY SHERIFFS .WHOM HE IMPLICATED AND WHO HAVE ALSO CONFESSEI
Bobber Attempts to Enter a Railroad
Car, but Battles With.
Brakcraaa.
CHEHALIS, Wash.. Sept. 12.-An at-
I crept to hold up the southbound train on
the Northern Pacific main line near Na
j-avine early this morning was reported
he» to-day.
The robber tried to board tho train
Through the vestibule and was prevented
by the brakeman shutting the door and
• losing the trap Just as the train was
Martlng. The glass cf the vestibule door
v.as smashed and the brakeman and
would-be robber exchanged several shots,
¦which created consternation among the
I-assengers on the train.
SHOTS ON THE TRAIN
AT, ABM THE PASSENGERS
Millionaire Companion Also
a Victim of Mistake at
Placerville!
Two hundred Turkish officers left Con
stantinople yesterday on their way to Sa
lonlca and -vdrianople.
It Is reported that tho troops will now
move only In bodies of from 3000 to 4000.
' At Dobravan, In the district of Leren,
a light has taken place between Turks
and Insurgents, in which the former lost
seventy killed and many wounded. The
insurgents lost enly four killed, but many
were wounded.
Turkish soldiers are reported to hav»
burned five villages in the vicinity of Kas
torla.
them. The Turk3 lost ninety' killed
Severe fighting Is reported ta have taken
place at Okhrida. A band of revolution
ists operating near Brljenl surrounded a
force of Turkish troops and a fight en
sued which lasted throughout an entire
day. In the evening tho insurgents, re
inforced by bands under Sarafoff, at
tacked the Turks on all sided and routed
Fighting 13 already proceeding at Mel
nik, province of Sere?, which placa is be
sieged by bands of insurgents under the
leadership of Stoyanoff, Yankoff, Darving
hoff and Zografoff, all of whom formerly
were officers In the Eulsarlan army. Tho
town of Melnik is a very important stra
tegic point In the mountains, commanding
the road betweeniDemir-IIissar and Raz
log. These besieging It number 1300, while
the Turkish garrison la believed to con
sist of only one battalion. The result of
the attack upon tho tov.-n la not yet
known, but a telegram from Ketchamivo
says that additional Turks are going
thence to Alelnik. _
In ths Dehnar-Hissa district the lead
ers StyanchofT. Asgenreoff and Kortcha
valfy have 2000- men ready to begin opera
tions.
SOFIA, Sept. ID.— The revolutionists ars
now concentrating all their operations In
Eastern Macedonia, the latest dispatches
from which locality report that a gen
eral rising was fixed to begin to-day. Th«
Insurgents claim to have accumulated
vast stores of provisions, ammunition and
dynamite and to be preparlnff to enter
upon a serious campaign.
EACRA2IEXTO, Sept. 19.— A dispatch
from Placerville to-night states that
State Controller Oolgan, W. I. Hood, gen
eral manager of the Rio Vista copper
mine, and J. IL Bradley, tho millionaire
mining man, were held up yesterday on
:he road Into Placerville by a Deputy
Sheriff. who suspected them of being dia
mond thieves.
A woman guest at the Tallac, Lake
Tahoe. claimed last July to have lost by
theft diamonds valued at $500. Deputy
Sheriff Cock was on the road watching;
for a rig carrying the suspected parties.
Colgan, Hood and Bradley came along
and the officer ordered them to stop.
Oolg&n's appearance was rather aristo
cratic and his manner very suave, Just
!ike the diamond thieves told about In
books. The- officer immediately centered
his attention upon him. Hood and Brad
liy hastened to fcrush tho dust from Col
pran and assure th« officer that while he
wote diamonds Sir. Colgan honestly
earned them by keeping pilferers out of
: he State treasury.
"When the dust had been siiffldently r»
:r.cvcd from Colgan's bland features Dep
uty Eheriff Cook became satisfied of Coi
gan's identity, as he had known him la'
Santa Rosa, and allowed the party to pro
ceed. - • . .
Later the real suspected "diamond
thieves" cane Into town and were <fulck
1y taken In charge. They willingly al
lowed a search of their baggage, but
nothing incriminating was found. They
denied takirg the diamonds or having
c.ny knowledge cf who did take them. If,
indeed, they were taken at alL They
said tho loss was reported in July and the
Shiest left without paying: her bill.
l=X>ecUJ rnzpatch to Tie Call
Fighting Becomes General
Throughout All East
ern Macedonia.
Sultan Is Hurrying Re
inforcements to the
Garrison.
Officer Suspects Him
of the Theft of
Diamonds.
Colgan Has Queer
Experience on
Highway.
Single Turkish Bat
talion Defends
the Town.
CONTROLLER
IS RELD UP
BY DEPUTY
INSURGENTS
BEGIN SIEGE
OF MELNIK
CHINESE SUBSTITUTION SCANDAL BRINGS DEATH TO ONE MAN
BY HIS OWN HAND AND OCCASIONS ARREST OF THREE OTHERS
PRICE FIYEVms.
SAN FRANCISCO. SUNDAY. SEPTEMBER 20, i903-FORTY-EIGHT PAGES.
Pages 21 ta42:
VOLUME XCIV— NO. 112.
The San Francisco CallBUFFALO, i N. T.. . Sept. ; 19.— Llewellyn
Smith, who has been employed' for seven yeara
as trusted cashier and bookkeeper for the njrn
of Erlck Brothers, stock commission, merchants
of East Buffalo, haa disappeared- and the of
fices have been temporarily clo*ed. ; A shortage
tn his accounts will reach 520.000. •¦•¦¦
Klectrlcal department— J. M. Minor,' Arcata.
Cal.; F. R. George, Los Angeles: O. n. Sfb
bins. North Platte; Nebr.;-J. Doolcy. Sacra
mento. Cal.; H. W. Koster, San Francisco;
&Vrv™o e 'i £ la T n<I: ™ H - J - Knight's
Ferry, Cal.; E. L. Ilueter ind L.. H. Hueter
Alma. Cal.; P. B. Volkerts. Sebaitopol. Cal
rprnV*?? 1 ;' San Pr.ncl.co: E. F. Jiann, &oj
Oatos, cal.: II. H. Lewis, tfunnyslde. Xev.; W
McCann. Ferndale. Cal.: F. Ji Wllklns Loa
Bam*. Cal ; H M. TiUon, Del pKTcK
Arthur J. Island, San Francisco: C. B Jack
son. Pleasant Grove. Cal.; C. J. Klevesahl San
Francisco; F. E. Puprey, Winters. OaL ; n
Towle ; rcmmett. Cal.; P. Fotr*. Berlin, be":
many; XV. H. Grass. Mttford. Cal.: J n
Min° a d^»| U . k n h 'w :a V : U T.. Armstrong. For!
tuna, Cal.: D. W. Isaac, Te»la. Cal • A Jen-
SI?S' ¦r' l i Cke SJ W1 T A , rll: "• W Hoimea. mL
meda. Cal.: M. A. Harrlman. San Franciaco;
R. H Parker, Sierra City. Cal.; G. M. DaWea
S$.?w 1Cl # CO ii I I; t L ««l«»'- Philippine Is?!
ands; w. E. Hollenberg. Reed ly, Cal.: F. la
bel 1. San Francisco; T. A. Church. San Fran
cisco; G R. Johnson, San Luis Oblspo, Cal.;
u'JuZ, W00 *' "'ehland. Cal.: L. F. Seaiion;
flinch r7i'.S 1: T R = °- ¦'Tucker. Spanish
Ranch. Cal.: R. U Stewart. San Francisco;
a , rn8W orth Honolulu; W. H. Perry
Wai. •Walla. Wash.: O. A. McCobb. Holll*ter!
Oal.; L. Stark, Winters, Cal.: V. G Guthrie
Winters, Cal.; H. B. Stone. Cnlco. C.I.T £r. w!
Farrow Pownleville.. Cal.; H. J. Swelfel Jr.,
Downlevllle, Cal.; D. McCaustrand. San-Jja*.
A laree class of students of the Van
Der Nalllon School of Practical Engineer
ing have completed their, courses in the
different branches of study and have been
awarded their diplomas. Following is a
list of the craduates: .iV> *
Graduates of 1903 Complete Their
Course in Van Der Nailen
• . School., :•: -'¦}
MANY STUDENTS. ARE
AWARDED DIPLOMAS
LOUISVILLE. Ky.. Sept. 13— Mrs. Eliza
beth Cherry Waltz, the novelist and literary
editor of the Courier- Journal, died to-day.
EVANSV1L.LK. Ind.. Sept. 19. — Chief of Po
lice Frederick Henke, Captain Frederick Bren
neefce and Councilman Louta of Doonevllle, who
were shot last night by Detective Thomas
Hutchens. are still alive, but none of the three
is expected to live.
In settling up the Houck estate the
executors discovered a satisfaction of the
Sutton mortgage on file and dated back
to July, 1901. This led to the Investiga
tion by the District Attorney.
The information filed against Trefren
was at the instance of District Attorney
Reames and charges him with having
placed on the .county records a spurious
release of mortgage on property . on Me
chanic street in this city. The property
in question was formerly owned by Tref
ren. who. to secure a loan of $600 from
R. K. Sutton, gave the latter a mortgage
upon it. Afterward Trefren sold the prop
erty to a Mr. Dyar and later Sutton trans
ferred his mortgage to the late Mrs. J.
Houck, who did not record the assign
ment at the time.
ASHLAND, Or., Sept. 19.— A sensation
was caused in this city to-day by the
news of the arrejet of George W. Trefren,
for years prominently engaged here in the
law, real estate and insurance business,
on the charge of uttering a forged Instru
ment by placing the same on record.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Tie grand prize distribution ball of th*
Building Trades Council drew a great crowd
to Native Sons' Hall last night. Dancing was
the chief feature of the evening's enjoyment.
The music wu fine and all present thorom^i
ly entered Into the spirit of the occasion.
Trades Council Gives Ball.
Prominent Attorney in
Oregon Taken Into .
/ Custody.
The -prisoners said that they had riot
made more than twenty substitutions in
all, and that the largest sum of money
received for a single transaction was
$1000 for five substitutes. Dasha and Bur
nett were Interested In the last transac
tion, that was discovered, but none of the
conspirators . received any.' money for the
job on account of its failure.' \
; On Monday,'' the first day I had Gamble go
over the whole . story > from the time he left
the Jail till he placed the -men on board the
ship. As soon as ' he went over-', the story I
knew that it was an untruth. I said: 'Tou
esf> telling 'me an untruth; I want your gtar
and your gun. Pete, I want you to tell me
everything about it." Then he told me about
those tfi-o Chinamen, and then I asked him
about_the jailers. • . ,
That' was the first time that Gamble
mentioned the jailers, ' and the Marshal
said that the confessions of Dasha, Bur
nett and Dempsey corroborated that of
Gamble. After the . Jailers . had been ar
rested Dasha was examined flrst,»Burnett
second and Dempsey last.;.' They admitted
that they started in the business of sub
stitution. shortly before last Christmas,
and *tbok Gamble, in later on.- .
According to the statement of the Fed
eral officials the three jailers and Gam
ble were, the enly white persons engaged
In the business.
"We were assisted in every way by the
police officials and the Sheriff," added the
Marshal. ...
"It. was hard to get Gamble to confess,
but Burns assisted me, and he proved to
bo a shrewd cross-examiner," added the
Marshal.
He proceeded to relate that on th,e con
fession made last Monday Gamble con
nected only Horn Toon and Wong Tin
with himself in the transaction. On
Tuesday Marshal Shine had another con
ference with Gamble, and after a session
of an hour and a half succeeded in get
ting the truth out of him with regard to
his white confederates. The Marshal said:
I said to him: . "I have been your friend
since your boyhood. ¦" and I think you owe. it
to yourself, to your family, and certainly 'to
me to tell ma- the whole truth about this mat
ter. If I have to lose every man . In my of
fice I want to know the truth." I was conn
dent that Ptte Gamble never went in there and
put up that job himself. I was positive of
that. I had known him a long while and it
was the flret He that he had ever told me
when Iv said at the. start that he was Inno
cent. I said to him, "You know I have been
your friend, end if you are groins to let Dasha
and Burnett get the beat of you you'd better
quit right here. This, is your last chanc« to
talk.- I want not only the truth but the wholn
truth." Then he told me all about. Dasha
and Burnett and- Dempsey and how the eub
etltuttons were made at night in the County
JalL Thrn I* called In -Burns, Woodsworth
and Farish. and 'in the presence of these wit
nesses he repeated what he -had said. • ,
SHINE DEMANDS THE TRUTH'
EOSTOX. Sept. 19.— Five conductors of the
Boston and Northern Street Railway were ar
rested to-day for counterfeiting: pay checks
on the Boston Railroad. Two printers also
were taken into custody and the police eay
more arrests will follow. It is expected that
the two companies have lost $100,000, the
counterfeiting already having beta traced back
93 far 8s laet November.
later -3n -the presence of witnesses. Then
the Marshal requested United States Se
cret Service Agent William J. Burns to
st^p^into his office and listen while Gam
ble repeated his confession.
GAMBLE WAS HELUCTANT.
Conductors Forge Pay Checks.
The will of Seth W. Cllsby. who diert
December 13. 1903, which bequeatas to
Ethel C. Clisby, hia widow, all of hia
$23,000 estate is the subject of a. contest
begun yesterday in the Superior Court.
The contestant is Annie M. Clisby, moth
er of deceased.
The contest fs based on the ground that
the document was not wholly written,
dated and signed by the testator. It is
alleged also that the name of the testator
was not written in the presence of those
that signed the will as witnesses, and
that their signatures were not affixed
thereto at the request of the deceased.
The will Is further objected to because
of the clause in which th« deceased de
clares that he purposely neglects to pro
vide for any member of his family but
his wife.
Claims It Was Not Wholly Written
by Him. and Is Not Properly
Attested.
MOTHES OF SETS W. CLISBT
FILES CONTEST OP HIS WILL
OFFICIAL SAYS
HE IS GUILTY
were willing" to forgive and assist him to
a new start in life, but the shadow of his>
guilt hung too heavily on him to allow
any hope.
•'•Besides' his wife", an aged . father and
mother, . who live In Alameda, a. brother
In the tobacco business In this city and
two sisters survive him. Another brother
is in the custom service In the Philip
pines. No arrangements have been an
nounced for the funeral. '•
Surveyors — A. G. Engblom. San Francisco;
F. W Wood. San Antonio. Tex.; H. P.
Strough, New Hope, Va. ; D. il. Blood. Oak
land; .-MV. Steward. Butte, ilor.t.; K. E.
McCartney, San Francisco; E. O. Ord Jr.,
Benlcia, Cal.: W. II. Lipscombe. Mulberry.
Cal.: G. Conlin. Victor. Colo.: S. II. Jordan.
Angels Camp. Cal.: E. I. Clawiter. Mount
Eden, Cal.; W. M. Burns. San Dlmas. Mexico:
D. F Valentine. Melbourne. Fla. : F. P. Zoff
man. Jolou, Cal. : A. Joaiiuln. San Luis Ohlspo.
Cal.: J H. Elkmton. Oakland; B. A. Jeffery.
Jackson. Cal.; J. P. Mackenzie, San Francieco;
G. Schrader. Los Angel; s; R. B. Wilcox,
Stephens, Ore.
Assayers — E. Williams, Jfome, Alaska; D.
D. McCallum. San Francisco: A. L- Stern,
San Francisco; T. S. Forrest. Ballard. Wash.;
G. W. Bishop. San Francisco; J. Con way, Un
compahgre, Colo. ;• V. J. Hall. San Francisco;
H. K. Lockhart, Descanso, Cal. ; J. O. Lamp
shire, Los Angeles; M. E. Sayre. San Fran
cisco; F. M. Evans, Victor, Colo.; A. T.
Leeser, Garnet. Mont.; A. R. Wistrand, Me
nominee, Mich.: E. Pinter, San Francisco; M.
E. Pope, Salt Lake, Utah: J. Thiebes, Bisbee.
Arts.; J. A. •MUlmore. Woodstock, Canada: E.
N. Stone. Gazelle. Cal.: C. Gurnee. Xome.
Alaska; W. A. Hers^y, Penryn. Cal.: M. Brig
man. Similkameen, B. C; O. II. Shaw, Mur
pbys. Cal.; R. E. Moor?, Woodland. Cal.: W.
H. Donohue, Tarryall. Colo.: J. M. Jessen,
Omaha, Xeb.
Mining department — B. X. Sharp, Sandcn. B.
C: W. G. Rennrson. Kaslo, B. C; O. F. Wil
liamson, Amador. Cal.: M. C. Schmidt, Vil
laklama. Mexico; W. T. Macdonald. Chihua
hua, Mexico.
' Draughtsmen — S. Xj. Cassetla. Alma. Cal. :
W. KreUlnc. San Francisco; J. Maxemin,
Mazatlan, Mejcico: S. Heiman. San Francisco;
A, "W. Pearson. Mountain View, Cal.; L. H.
Brown, Red Bluff. Cel.
DENVER, Sept. 19.— As. soon'a« th«'neces
sary papers; can "be seeured from Washington;
officers will be sent ( to Vancouver^ B. C, to
bring Ru«8eil^Bolle»; -who ¦ has been arrested
there, to Denver to stand trial for the murder
of Harold Prldbom. Tbe murder was com
mitted on New Tear's eve. 1901, when Frld-
Viorn. who was 14 years old, and hia sister,
two yean* older, went to a pond tn North Den
ver to. skate. They were met by a man who
killed the boy with a blow on the head with
an ax and assaulted the girl. Bolles, who la
a musician, fell under suspicion, and he was
located after a long search by James H. Willis,
Town Marshal of Sullivan. Ind., .where Bolles
formerly lived.
Russell Bolles Is Arrested for Crime
Committed at Denver New
Year's Eve,. 1901.
FUGITIVE MURDERER
CAUGHT AT VANCOUVER
FBOSPECTOBS REFUSE
TO LEAiVE RESERVATION
Miners and Indiana in the Wichita
Mountains Are I/ikely to Have
Serious Trouble.
GUTHIUE. O. T., Sept. 19.— Traveler* com.
irg from the Wichita Mountains report that
thr.re b darg-»r of the miners and Indians get
ting into frious trouble aa the refiait of the
latter objecting to the former working their
allotments for minerals. A few days ago
-»v*ral Indian police went Into the vicinity
tit Mount Sheridan and ordered some miners,
who aiv prospecting on the allotments, to
'8 rate th» pla^e, but instead the miners
crabbed their rifles, and as thry outnumbered
the police the latter were compelled to leave
th<» ecene.
The individual Indians who own the allot
ments clash with the miner* nearly every day,
ar.d it is feared unless something it. done to
ronciliate the Indians trouble of a serious
nature car.net be averted.
' They said that they had been obliged
to talie Gamble into the scheme and allow
him to become a sharer In the proceeds
for two reasons; first, because it was dif
ficult to obtain substitutes In a.11 cases
who looked sufficiently like the genuine
to pars for them even on a superficial ex
amination, and second, because Gamble
became suspicious on one occasion and re
marked to Dasha, "Don't try to do that
again."*
The prisoners were taken yesterday
afternoon to the office of the United
States secret service in the Appraisers'
building and were transferred to the City
Prison last evening after the newspaper
men had become acquainted with the
facts. Bail was set at $2000 each and it
was stated that the men would furnish
bonds on Monday morning.
MARSHAL SHINE'S STATEMENT.
United States Marshal Shine made the
following statement last evening;
After Sheriff Lackmann and our p»rty had
arrested the ; men we took them to a private
place and then one by one into a room in or
der to iret fctatementa from them. It took a
long; while to do this, but one by one they
broke down -and fc-ave va the whole story.
They told us in detail how the substitutions
xvero made. A Chinaman would come to the
jail in the night on their shift with the sub
stitute*. »nd the real prisoners would be al
lo»e<I to go out of the door. Burnett was
captain of the shift and his place was at the
front door: Darha was In the upper corridor,
and Dempsey was his associate. Two hundred
dollars for each Chinese thus allowed to es
cape was the fixed price, of which Gamble re
ceived- one-third ar.d the three Jailers the re
mainder. Gamble «u not In the combination
originally. They made It a point to get sub
stitutes resembling the Chinese *ln the jail so
that there would be less chance of any acci
dental detection.
When asked as to the status of Hack
man Tom Martin, who drove Gamble and
his substitutes in his hack from the Ap
praisers' building to the Mail dock, Mr.
Shine declared very earnestly that Mar
tin was "as straight as a string," that
Gamble had said the same thing, that
the Federal authorities believed him to
be thoroughly honest and altogether
blameless in the matter and that Dasha,
Burnett and Dempsey . had exonerated
the old hackman from any suspicion of
having- been connected with them.
STJBST1TU TIONS OUTSIDE.
Mr. Shine proceeded to explain further
that on only two occasions were.substi
tutions made outside the Jail; one being
some months ago, when two men were
substituted by Gamble between ¦• the . jail
and the steainp r, and on Friday, the 11th
of the present month, when six Chinese
were substituted at the Appraisers'
building. On this point, he said, Gam
ble's confession was that he took the six
original Chinese prisoners from' the Jail
and allowed them to escape on Broadway,
near Sansome. Then he proceeded alone
to the Appraisers' building, where he
found the six substitutes in , waiting.
These he placed in the prisoners' room
of the Marshal's office and afterward took
them downstairs and placed them In- Mr.
Martin's hack. The reason for making
the substitution outside of the jail was
that Jailer Burnett was absent on the
previous evening and an outside Deputy
Sheriff was detailed to take his place.
Dasha and Dempsey therefore did not
care to risk making the substitution un
der the circumstances.
JAILER DASHA. CALLED.
Mr. Shine Immediately after the six sub
stitutes had been taken ashore -from the
steamer Gaelic Bent tor Jailer. Dasha to
look at the six men and say whether they
were the same that he had turned over to
Gamble at the jail. Dasha replied that
they were not. Mr. Shine then asked him
where Tom Martin's hack stood when the
prisoners were put into it at the jail, and
Dasha replied that it stood opposite the
iront steps.
After Gamble had made hi^. confession
to the effect that the hack had not been
taken to the jail the Marshal stepped into
hig office and directed Deputy Marshal
Farish to call Dasha up by telephone and
ask him to repeat what he had already
said on that subject. Mr. Farish did so,
and Dasha repeated his previous answer
that the hack stood in front of the jail.
Then Farish asked him over the tele
phone if he had eeen the Chinese being
put Into the hack by Deputy Marshal
Gamble, and he replied In the affirma
tive.
"Are you sure you saw Pete putting
them in?" asked Farish.
"Ye?," replied Dasha
Reverting to Gamble's confession. Mr.
Shine said that his deputy had confessed
to him In private last Monday, but not so
freely or with so much of detail as he did
Railroad President May Resign.
NEW TORK, SfDt. 19. — At a meeting of
the beard of directors of the Xcw York Sevr
Haven and Hartford Railroad bore to-day
<"hs.rl«i S. Mellen. president of the Northern
Ptidflc Hailnoad. was tlected a director to fill
the vacancj- caused by th<- death cf Carlos
FYeneh. It baa bwn understood rvc«»ntlv that
President Hal! cf the New Tork. New ilaven
and Hartford had signlfW his intention to re
»!sn and that Mellen had been d^-ided unon
to succeed Hall.
KANSAS CITT. Mo.. Sept. 19.— Mr* Kate
<~ol!ins. aged S5. was SuJTocated in a fire that
»tart«-d early this morning: «t 211 Kast Fifth
•trcct.
When the neighbors assembled at the
house of Robert Stokes they found his
dead body lying in the doorway of the
kitchen, the feet extending out upon the
steps and a shotgun lying at his feet with
a cotton string tied to th© trigger. He
had been shot in the mouth, the bullets
passing through the brain. On the bed
in the main bedroom lay the body of his
wife, Sarah Stokes, in her night robe.
She had also been shot in the upper part
of the face and had died instantly.
Informations were filed charging James
R. Stokes with having murdered both.
The District Attorney, Robert Duncan,
assisted by Attorney J. C. Ruddock, elect
ed to try the case of Sarah Stokes first,
and this second trial began last Wednes
day. The defense was conducted by John
L». McNab. ¦'
* The theory' of the defense was that
Robert Stokes first killed his wife and
then himself. The shotgun . found at the
feet of the dead man belonged to James
K. Stokes. The defendant admitted on
the stand that he had formerly had trou
ble with his brother Robert and they ha3
even fought, but that was months before
the tragedy. The case against the same
defendant for the- murder of Robert
Stokes. has not yet -been set for trial. The
jury in the case to-day was out only half
an 'hour.;
UKIAH, Sept. 19.— James :R. Stokes was
found guilty Qf murder In the Superior
Court here this afternoon and his punish
ment was fixed, by the jury at life im
prisonment. This was the second trial
of the case, the jury in the former trial
in Jufle having disagreed. The evidence
was wholly circumstantial.
James R. Stokes and his brother, Rob
ert Stokes, lived near each other on* a
mountain side, a few miles from the town
of Boonevllle, In this county. Their
wives wore sisters. In the early morning
of March 23, 1903, James R. Stokes went
to the house of a neighbor' and reported
that his. brother Robert and wife had
been murdered, or had committed sui
cide, in their own house. He asked that
the Coroner be sent for and the neighbor
hood aroused. ¦ -
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Rancher of Mendocino Must
Go to Penitentiary
. for Life.
James R. Stokes Con
victed in the Court
at Ukiah.
Gamble was born in Sonora, Tuolumne
County, forty-four years ago, and spent
his boyhood and young manhood there.
He was a butcher. He went to Modesto
twelve years ago and engaged in the
butcher business. Subsequently he' ran a.
livery stable there. In 1898 he came to
San Francisco and engaged In the butcher
business. When John H. Shine was ap
pointed United States Marshal for this
district he made Gamble, whom he had
known in Sonora,' a bailiff, and subse-;
quently promoted him to be a deputy
marshal. His services gave excellent sat
isfaction, and he was regarded as one of
the jnost competent men in the office.
Gamble was a man of keen susceptibil
ity, and the disloyalty he showed to Mar.
shal Shine, who had ever been a steadfast
friend of his, \s thought to have been the
predominating cause for his suicide. He
had a devdted wife, from whom he tried
to keep the full measure of his disgrace,
and she remained loyal as steel, even
when convinced against her will that he
had been culpable. All of his family
William P. Gamble untH a little more
than a week ago was regarded as a thor
oughly, honest man. He had friends in le
gion, and when it was first announced
that he was mixed up In the Chinese sub
stitution scandal there was a general out
cry that the changes were unfounded. A
few days later he confessed fully, impli
cating two Chinamen and ¦ Thomas J.
Dempsey, William F. Dasha and, Thomas
J. Burnett, night jailers at the County
Jail. He told how he had secured the
custody of six young Chinamen confined
In the County Jail for deportation to take
them to the steamer Gaelic, which sailed
September 11.. On reaching Jackson and
Sansome streets he gave the prisoners. a
signal and they disappeared. He then
went to the Appraiser's building-, where ¦
he met Horn Toon and "Wong Tin, who
had six decrepit Chinamen anxious to re-,
turn to their native country. These were
bundled into a hack and taken on board
the Gaelic by Gamble, who represented
that they were the six Chinese ordered
to be deported. The substitution was dis
covered by officials of the Chinese Inspec
tion Bureau and the exposure followed.
HIS FORMER CAREER.
STORY OF DISGRACE.
No writing of any kind was found-on
Gamble's body. The revolver with which
he shot himself was a new weapon and
was probably bought for the purpose.
When Marshal Shine dismissed him from
th© service he made him turn over his
star and also insisted on taking- hia re
volver, fearing that its possession might
prove a temptation to commit suicide.
Gamble's depression over the exposure
that connected him with the substitution
case was noticeable to his family and
friends, but none of them, thought that
he would seek death as a relief for his
troubles. When he failed to appear at his
hotel Friday night his wife became
alarmed and communicated with United
States Marshal Shine and United States
District Attorney Woodworth, but they
could give her no information . of hia
whereabouts.
WEAPON IS NEW.
"It is asacrtcd that one member of the
family admitted yesterday morning that
in addition to these directions the envelope
contained a farewell hHter from Gamble
to hia wife, the contents 'of which he
urged her not to divulge. l>ater in the
day the members of the family denied the
authenticity of the reported statement
and asserted that beyond the note turned
over to the Coroner the envelope mailed
by Gamble contained nothing. i
. The letter was delivered shortly before
9 o'clock yesterday morning and Mrs.
Gamble immediately telephoned to F. W.
Crossctt, a brother-in-law of 'Gamble's
and an employe in theofflce of the freight
auditor of the Southern Pacific Company.
He repaired to the hotel and 'was handed
the note. He rode out to Buena Vista
Park alone and commenced a search for
the body of his brother-in-law. After
beating the brush for half an hour he
came upon the corpse. He went to a
nearby sanitarium and requested one of.
the attendants to notify the Coroner.
Then he returned and remained by the
body until the arrival of Deputy Coroner
Brown, who took charge of the remains.
They were subsequently turned over to
the family and removed to an undertak
ing establishment.
FAREWELL LETTER.
living with his wife, and this was the last
that any of his family saw him alive.
Where he spent the day is not known.
Ho did not appear at the office of the
Unitfd States Marshal, nor have any of
his friends come forward who met him
during the day. Some time late Friday
night h\ mailed a letter to his wife. The
contents of this letter are a matter of
discussion. One portion of it was writ
ten on a leaf torn from a notebook and
contained the following directions:
"Get off the Haight-street cars at
Haight and Baker streets. I will go up
those stairs and be somewhere in the
trees. : .- PETE."
JURY DECLARES
IT WAS MURDER
Continued From Page 21, Column 5.
WILLIAM P. GAMBLE KILLS HIMSELF
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY. SEPTEMBER 20. 1903.
Chinese Substitution Scandal Brings Death to One Man
by His Own Hand and Occasions-Arrest t)f Three Others
Continued From Page 21, Column 6.
THREE JAILERS ARE III CUSTODY,
22
DR. FIE3CE'S REMEDIES.
"When I can't see danger there is no
danger." That's the logic of the ostrich
which hides its head and exposes ita
body to the hunter. There are not a
feyr people who seem to have gone to
the ostrich to learn logic. The most
dangerous enemies of humanity are the
enemies which can't be seen, the disease
breeding microbes which infecti the
blood. It is harder to get the microbe
out of the blood than to keep it out, but
Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery
does both, by puri-
<|jKPSS^^^^K fying the blood
/¦^jKmlBi&SflHBSfo and then keeping
?^Tw9 »/ eru Pti° ns °n the
_ V y If plea, sores or other
""* b " g — — % fff • - signs of impure
""•"-1~H~~~ sfJ yti blood, use Doctor
I^\*8/5h pierc ?' s Golden
<¦ fli £ """' *^5jf/j5^ e d* ca ' Discov-
-> 3^»^^=^<a**»* purify the blood
¦ "7^ - ~~~ = ' '¦"" "" and cure the
eruptions which come from it.
" My blood was all out of order, and I had to go
to the doctor," writes Mrs. James R. Moss, New
I.ondon._ Stanly Co., N.C.- "He gave me medi-
cine which hefped me for a short time. In the
winter of 1895 I got worse than I had ever been.
My tonsils were enlarged and my neck swollen
all out of shape; my throat was sore and I could
not cure it. My husband went for the- doctor,
but he gave me no encouragement. He helped
me a little, but it did not last long. He attended
me for twelve months, when I heard of a lady
whose condition was like inin^, who was talcing
your medicine and was getting well. So I se-
cured some of the medicine and began taking it.
In one week I was able to do my cooking. When
I began taking the medicine I could sit up only
a few minutes at a time, and I could rest or sleep
only a little while at a time. My throat was so
sore at times I could 'not eren swallow sweet
milk, and my tonsils were full of little eating
sores. My left side was swollen out of shape
and I could hardly get my breath. The doctor
said I would not get well, but three bottles of
Dr. Kerce'a Golden Medical Discovery, three
bottles of his ' Pellets,' three bottles of Dr. Sage's
Catarrh Remedy and the use of salt water did
the work, and cured me." .
I)r. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets cure con- 8
stipation and its consequences. *
Announce the arrival of their
New Fall Fashions in
Girls' Coats & Reefers
C Our success last year with these goods was so
phenomenal that we were encouraged to add a de-
partment for little giils of 4 years up to misses of 16'.
<L Our selection of girls' coats and reefers this sea-
son is the choicest and most exclusive that has ever
been exhibited here.
<L The. quality, of the goods is of the best, the de-
signs are all new, and no more desirable garments
tor the money can be made.
At $9.00 and $10.00
Girls' Reefers in Blue and Mixed Cheviots, in Pe*ler
Thompson style or with small collars ; Nautical em-
blem on sleeve, lined with Red Flannel ;, for' jnrls 4
to 16 years old.
At $12.50
Girls' Xcw. Style Norfolk Reefers of Navy and Royal
Blues ; 2 box plaits front and back ; Velvet collar;
new long, narrow lapels ; extremely nobby ; for girls'
6 to 16 years old.
At $15.00
Girls' Military Coat, reaching to the knees, in Blue,
Royal and Mixed Cheviots, with closed Velvet Mili-
tary collar, or open front, with long, narrow lapels;
embroidered Chevrons on sleeve.
G. Out-of-town orders promptly filled. Send at once
for our new Style Book "About Clothes." Depart-
ment B. g§|
KEARNY AT POST
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
As prescribed by a law
enacted by the last Legislature
the State Board of Commis-
sioners in Optometry has is-
sued certificates to the under-
signed firms, entitling them
and their employes to practice
the fitting of spectacles and
eyeglasses :
STAV9ABO OPTICAL CO.,
317 Keaxny St.
ECK7CLI2TO OPTICAL CO.,
16 Xearny St.
KAJ5XELL ft JOSXS OPTICAL CO.,
H43 Grant Are.
CXXro-SESETTA OPTICAL CO,
391 Market St.
CALirozuriA optical co.,
205 Xearay St.
OBO. K. XAH.V,
901 Kearay St.
ZZVBT SAKK ft CO.
(The Octilariam),
643 Market St.
KOGTXE OPTICAL CO.,
311 Pott St.
HXSSCK ft KAISEB,
7 Xeaxajr St.
I WILL GIVE $1000
i^^S^^QSr^^^iT An l 8 l &n( l plant
ITCJ JTS. ¦# / (1 mates the cures.
V * C -*^ -* An j L nm p j n a
IVOR BREAST IS CANCER
A lnmp or «ore on the lip, face or aorwhere
k'x months is nearly always cancer. 120 par*
book cent free with testimonials of thousands
cured whom you can see.
The Dr. S. R. Cbamley Cancer Care Co.
'¦Strictly Reliable" Two lady assistants.
23 and 25 Third St., San Francisco
SEXD TO SOMEONE WITH CANCER
Guaranteed Pure,
None 3o Good*
Sold Etirpvhen*
HILBEET MERCANTILE CO.,
Pacific Ccast Agents.
1P| Our First Great Drapery Special. ||||
\a A whole department with special values in a dozen Iinc9. There is no part of & t^j
Jw # your home that cannot be draped or canopied or curtained this week at a lower \^/l
M price than you have ever before seen advertised. This is our first great Drapery \£ I
fn Special and we have' ftiade it a good one. 5;>v gl
If I Madras Curtains. \ Lace Curtains. /A
¥ I A new line-of latest effects- in striped A large line of ecru and white Lace //li
ill Madras Curtains and a full line of colors. Curtains of a good washable . quality. 3 II II
•i I Shipment r just unpacked. ' ¦ '. yards long by 50 inches wide. • • 1/ 1|
t&\ $1.50 pair, striped Madras, : special.. -90c $1.25 Lace Curtains, special pair,....75c j ntf
|lV $2.00 pair, striped Madras/ special. $1,25 $4.50 Lace Curtains, special pair.. $3.00 lifill
«$ Couch Covers. • Arabian Lace Curtains. you
Oir/ Fine value?. Extra , material, good Heavily corded Arabian Lace Cur- /Af|fa
H^p wearing quality and soft, harmonious col- tains in a strong, heavy cable net. _ inW*
ors - ' ¦'•' " ' - " S6.00 Arabian Lace Curtains, special £3.75 jWfjkWj
&lfu! $300 Couch Covers, for theweek/ special. $1.75 f 8 - 00 Arabian Lace Curtains, special J5*£2 \B9tt
?5-0O Couch Covers, for the week/ special. $2.75 *o.oo Arabian Lace Curtains, special 5***£)£ \fciiK
*-*JHj Drw-kP* Dnnfi<>n/>c $io.oo Arabian Lace Curtains, special — 96. OO (fttj
\§L Extra heavy cord, long tassels' beauti- * fpeStry and Silk Coverings
•* ful Oriental colorings. Prices all cut . In wonderful India colorings and de- g^
frn\ one-half " ' ' ¦ * signs. Couch Cover and Portiere ma- «3$5T¥
fffl. $6.50 : Rope Portieres, special for the week terial. All designs special. W&\
MJl ; $3.25 $1-75 Oriental Piece Gooda, by the yard... OOc flfJvj
\i I $8.00 ' Rope" Porti'er'es',' special 'fpr the' week...... 2 5 Oriental Piece Goods, by the yard.fl— 5 n/]fj
Bfi I ••• .'...". ¦....."....¦.. ......94.00 .. Lace Bed Sets yul/i
Nil S9.00 Rope Portieres very heavy chenille.f4.50 Jn Brussc l s , Battenbcrg, Renaissance WJ
\\l COITlTOrterS* and Louis XIV effects. WF
Iff $1.50 extra quality silkoline comforter ¦ $2.50 Lace Bed Sets, special for the week.31.5O jjf
l/r filled with sterilized cotton ; pretty de- $4.50 Lace Bed Sets, special for the week.^2.00 ¥m
ll/y^ signs and colorings. Special for the $6.00 Lace Bed Seta, special Cor the week. fS^OM
llf/f\ week, 85c. • ' Oriental Portieres* ft
WJ IB Tapestry Portieres. i/^V Brilliant colors in Far Eastern 1\
WJf4n I n ar t nouveau design; in extra /7 \ designs — Saracen, Afghan and
Mrff heavy rib tapestry and extra long I// ) ¦ Bagdad weaves. \\
M fringe. 3 yards by 52 inches. fjj J& $12.50 special for the week". $9.00 T»|
// pair $3.00 >£Hs2^T Jute Velour. A
// $7*5° this week's special per A_i£*/ A heavy, luxurious portiere 4 Mm
lit P a i r •••• .......'. $5.00 vg^^rtiAkEf^L of irnported Jute Ve- mfm
ill French Panels. <^^^^J^^gs^ lour. Made to last v§
11 1 Gobelin French panels, patterned r Z^^^j^TJ a lifetime. Price per Jm
j\\ after the world-famous —^A J Wr SJp I Vgg^S^ pair $45.00 A
' " TIie Credit House >" 233-235-237 Post St. JZttMg$£--
r ADVERTISEMENTS.
l^ i ' * s xs no * or °d ucc d by accident. It is the result
.^?^4 a \ yf of skillful mechanical construction. It cost
' ' : "'^ri// '• a f° rtunc to Produce the superior tone of the j
\ I Hardmani
|| )\ Piano... |
& J The Hardman tone is distinctively hish class, xru**l
A/ liquid, sympathetic and flexible. |
V Inquire for our liberal terms on the Hardman piano.
A BASEMENT BARGAIN Af rc fi a \ b 1 rKal r in a
CYtD TUtriMT\ AV strictly first-class George
...FUR MONDAY ... Stcck & Co.'s Cabinet
Grand Uprijjht in mottled mahogany case; onlv slightly
used; pood as new in every way. Sold for $650. C^Kfl (\t\
Our price OtUUiUU
Cash or easy payments.
931-933 Market St.,
San Francisco
Corner Ninth St. and Broadway, Oakland.
" ' __ IILondon Politicians Express Belief That Cham
berlain Will Desert Balfour and Endeavor to
Build Up Independent Following of His Own
KING EDWARD APPROVES NEW
CHANGES IN BRITISH CABINET
All the lynchings within twenty-one
years that he could verify have been
tabulated by Mr. Cutler of Yale Univer
sity. In that time 1S72 negroes have been
lynched and 1256 whites. Since the whites
are about six tlnus as numerous as the
blacks, the proportion of negroes lynched
Is, of course, very much higher than these
figures indicate.
SAN BERNARDINO, Sept. 19.— Ex-Sheriff
W. A. Hammel of Los Angeles and a party of
friends had an experience in the mountains
northeast of this city which they will not eoon
forget. For almost forty-eight hours the party
wandered about the hills without food, and
when found were in a serious plight, their
clothing torn and the women faint from hunger.
At daybreak Thursday morning. Hammel.
Claude Littlcpajre. MIss< Gordon and a woman
whose name could not be obtained, all of Los
Anselcs, started from Glen ranch for a Jaunt
over the mountains. They left the resort ex-
Former Los Angeles Sheriff and His
Friends Lose Themselves in
Mountains.
HOPELESS AND HUNGRY
THEY PLOD ON TRAILS
pectins to be home by the noon hour and
neither food nor extra clothing h n^ ne !!l:
SSVr.SS.'.KSJS 37.Z of™*
SACRAJIENTO. Sept. 10.— A suit for divorce
has been brought In this county by Edith T.
Ray agrainst her husband, Charles Ray, th«
ground belntr mental cruelty suffered by th»
wife. A firm of Stockton attorneys appears
as counsel for \he Plaintiff.
As Miss Kdlth Tufts, the plaintiff In the
suit was May &ueen at the Sacramento street
fair two years ago.
She is a very handsome and accomplished
young: woman and is highly esteemed In socie
ty circles here. The ftroom is the son of Don
Ray. of the Gait and San Francisco firm of
"Whitaker & Ra;-.
Miss Edith T. Say of Sacramento
Desires a Separation From
Her Husband.
FORMER MAY QTJEEH
SITES FOR A DIVORCE
The 927 New Jersey corporations, having
$23S,000,000 capital, recently dissolved for
non-payment of taxes, represent but one
In twenty-four of the companies Incor
porated in that State.
SOFIA, Bulgaria, Sept. 19.— John B.
Jackson presented his credentials to
Prince Ferdinand to-day as the first
American diplomatic agent to Bulgaria.
King Peter Receives Jackson.
and the two cowboys who had stayed
with them In the pursuit took up a posi
tion In the sagebrush and waited for the
outlaws to return.
They did not have to wait long before
Roberts and his companions came up the
trails, rifles In hand. Instantly the four
men rose from the bushes and covered
the outlaws, ordering them to hold up
their hands. Instead of obeying the cow
thieves opened fire and a hot battle en
sued. Roberts fell twice, but both times
picked himself up and re-entered the
Soon the fire became so hot for the of- j
fleers and cowboys that they were com
pelled to retire and the four thieves suc
ceeded in' reaching their horses, which
they had tethered down the trail, and
escaped in the darkness. It Is not known
how badly Roberts was wounded. Wilson
and one of the cowboys escaped with
slight wounds and the other two were un- I
hurt. • !
Wilson and Bailey were relieved on '
Thursday by a posse determined to run
down the outlaws and a battle to the
death will certainly result. Roberts has
sent .word by Irving to Sheriff Parks and
Deputy Boyle, who are members of the
posse, that he will shoot them at sight, i
and they have similar intentions.
MOORS MAY TRY TO EXPEL
FOREIGNERS FROM MOROCCO
Populace Fears That the Europeans
Will Diveit the Trade of the
Country.
COLOGNE. Sept. 19.— The Gazette of
this city to-day published a dispatch from
Fez, Morocco, saying it is rumored that
all foreigners are to be expelled from that
city.
LONDON, Sept. 19.— General Sir Harry
McLean, colonel of the Sultan of Mo
rocco's bodyguard, .who has arrived at
Plymouth from Morocco, says fanatical
feeling is rife . there against foreigners,
due to the action of the educated Moors,
who are stirring. up the populace, as it is
feared with the increasing numbers of
Europeans the trade of the country will
be diverted.
The insurrection, the colonel adds, is
practically ended. The rebels lack am
munition and the pretender is a fugitive.
Government Clerk Accused of Fraud.
MANILA, Sept. 19.— James W. Walsh
Jr.. constabulary -supply officer, stationed
at Masbate,. in the- province of Vlscayas,
in the military department of Luzon, has
just been arrested upon a charge of. de
frauding ihe Government. He is said to
be short $5000 in supplies, with a deficit of
$S000 in hl3, cash account. - -;" T/.,
WASHINGTON, Sept. 19.— The vacancy on
the Board of General Appraisers at New York
has been tendered to and accepted by Eugene
a. Hav. a. well-known lawyer of Minneapolis.
Continued From Page 21, Column 2.
RIFLES BARK IN BATTLE,
The evening services will be held by the
Rev. Dr. Bernthal, assisted by the Rev.
J. H. Witte of Alameda. ~ : f- L >'-£
OAKLAND, Sept. 13.— The East Oakland
German Lutheran Church, for some
months in process of construction, Is com
pleted, and the pretty $5000 structure will
be dedicated to-morrow afternoon at 3
o'clock. _
The Rev. Theodore Bockers has com<
from the East to be pastor.
A special choir under the leadership o -
Professor Rcocher will furnish the day't
music. After the dedicatory ceremon;
the Rev. Dr. Thelss of the Reformed Ger
man Lutheran Church of this city wil
address the congregation. The Rev. Dr.
Bchroeder of St. John's Church of San
Francisco will also atterid.
East Oakland Members Will Hold
Services To-Day in Edifice
Just Built
LONDON. Sept. 19.— The Observer
this morning says that King Ed
ward in the course of his audi
ence with Premier Balfour yes
terday approved certain changes
in the Cabinet. Balfour will probably
make official announcement of the new
appointments to-morrow or Tuesday, but
this announctment is likely to be Incom
plete, as the Premier will ,not be able to |
perfect the construction of the
until the Duke of Devonshire, Lord Presi
dent of the Council, and Lord Balfour of
Burlelgh, Secretary for Scotland, shall
have decided what course they will adopt.
Regarding the eventual result of the up
heaval, the Spectator forecasts that Bal
four when he appeals to the country will
be beaten and be succeeded by a Rosebcry
Cabinet, which will not last long.
A curious phase of the situation is the
severe criticism regardless of party lines
bestowed on Balfour's action In publish-
Ins his views and selling them in pamphlet |
form. The Premier's keen tense of chiv
alry and honor Is far too deeply appre
ciated by all parties to ever permit the
suggestion that he purposely adopted the
doubtful practice. By Balfour's own ad
mission he is a "mere child in such mat
ters," and his inexperience in business af
fairs now appears to have put him at the
mercy of the publishers of the pamphlet,
who are coining money over the vital is
sue in national affairs. That Balfour will
devote his portion of the proceeds to some
charity is generally assumed, but It is re
gretted that he did not mention some
such intention in the preface of the
pamphlet. The Outlook, which Is a warm
supporter of the Premier, declares Bal
four's indiscretion "strikes a rude blow
at one's reverence for the traditions of
English public life when a public ser
vant's position seems to be used for pri
vate gain, no matter whose."
The Outlook adds that the fact that a
note was sent to the editors with the
pamphlet allowing them to quote only
1000 words textually is "one of the worst
features in this deplorable business."
The Spectator and other periodicals also
express concern on the latter point. The
Outlook estimates that the profits on 100,
000 copies alone will be 117,000, of which
Balfour will receive a large share. The
KEW GEEMAN LUTHERAN
CHTJECH TO BE DEDICATED
It Is reported that the Earl of Halsbury,
the Lord High Chancellor, will resign
owing to poor health, and that Attorney
General Flnlay will succeed him. The
EarH however, denies the report. ,
pamphlet promises to reach a sale of
1.000,000 copies.
It is learned from an authoritative
source that Balfour expects Chamberlain
to re-enter the Cabinet In the event that
an appeals to the country returns Balfour
to power. Both desire, however, that the
elections be postponed as long as possible
In order to give Chamberlain the oppor
tunity to impress his views on the people.
If the Government is returned, or if a
weak Liberal Ministry is retained in pow
er only a short time, Balfour expects that
he and Chamberlain will reorganize a
new Ministry. According to an authority
thoroughly cognizant with Chamberlain's
plans, Balfour might then find Chamber
lain unwilling to Join him.
"It has been Chamberlain's purpose,"
eald the person quoted, "to form a party
of his own, and he may take advantage
of the present opportunity to carry out
his intention. His reputation as the only
public man in England with a definite
policy, coupled with his strength of will
and ability, may enable him to achieve
his ambition. In case of the success at
the elections of his advanced programme
of preferential tariffs he would form hie
own Cabinet and probably displace Bal
four as Premier."
FORMER PREMIER WHO MAT AGAIN HEAD THE BRITISH MINISTRY.
AND LORD HIGH CHANCELLOR WHOSE EARLY RETIREMENT
FROM OFFICIAL LIFE IS RUMORED.
GRAND RAPIDS, Mich., Sept. 13.— In a
furious southwest gale which t-voot Lake
Superior to-day the steamer A. A. Park
er, laden with ore, foundered four miles
north of Grand Marais. By heroic work
the life-saving crew from the station* here
saved the entire crew of eighteen men
from the sinking ship, only to have their
surf boat imperiled in the rising sea. For
three hours excited citizens of Grand
Marais watched the seamen in the life
and death struggle, which ended only
when two tugs saved the tossing surf boat
and brought Its exhausted occupants
safely into port.
ST. JOHN, N. B., Sept. 19.— While on
her way up the St. John River this even
ing with forty passengers and a heavy
cargo of freight the Starlight Steamship
Company's steamer David Weston caught
fire, probably from a match dropped into
a bale of hay, and before she could run
ashore was practically consumed. Three
persons, a waitress, a deckhand and an
11-year-old boy, one of the passengers,
were drowned while attempting to reach
shore. Seven or eight others were in
jured, but none seriously. The passengers
were taken ashore In boats.
The British steamer Topaz, with a car
go of coal for British warships, and the
British fishing schooner Viking, with a
cargo of flsh, went ashore to-day at Cape
; Race as a result of the fog. Both vessels
, will become a total loss. The crews are
¦ safe. TheiTopaas Is the steamer the crew
t of which was arrested by the Venezuelan
j officials last December at Puerto Cabello,
' for which the British warship Charybdls.
I and the German flagship Veneta bom
) barded Puerto Cabello.
Steamship A. A. Parker
Founders on Turbu
lent Superior.
WRECKS ON LAKE,
RIVER AND OCEAN
The insurgent leader Castillo was
brought to the Santiago hospital to-night.
He will say little regarding the insurrec
tion, but claims that it was justifiable be
cause of the nonpayment of the revolu
tionary army. Hi* friends are already
petitioning the authorities to show clem
ency in his case, but it Is considered Im
probable that this will be done.
The Nationalists, who are said to com
prise 80 per wit of the voters of the
city, made a c»monstratlon, including a
grand parade, in honor of President
Pal ma.
SANTIAGO DE CUBA, Sept. 19.— The
provincial oiBcers.have received corrobo
rative repcris of the fighting which has
occurred among the Cuban Insurgents.
General Leva and Colonel Gue/rera ar
rived here ./^-night and reported direct to
President Falrna. The President after
ward informed the press that none of the
insurgents vcre shot in the skirmishes
and that they were all wounded In the
fighting anu-ng themselves. The wounded
and other p-isoners were brought to El
Cristo to-night and are held for trial.
President PalTia reiterated his statement
that outlawr/ would be rigidly sup
pressed. A large force of rural guards Is
pursuing the insurgents who are still at
large.
Report3 of FightiDg Among
Incurred ionists Are
Corroborated.
Cuban President Takes
Steps to Suppress
Outlawry.
GUARDS PURSUE
THE INSURGENTS
THE SAN FBAIS CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 20, 1903.
23
' - AIXVEBTISEMENTS. -
STRAICHTFORWARD EVIDENCE
FROM MEN OF NATIONAL PROMINENCE
That Pe-ru=na Cures Catarrh WhWever Located.
Congressmen, Governors, Generals, Consuls, yx
Recommend Peru na. vk "^^R^^^^v ii\
No other remedy has received the unqualified indorsement of fj -^^^P^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ \^
bo many distinguished American citizens as Peruna. The phar- J
macopeia does not furnish a catarrh remedy so well known. It A5tr^'"'"-"""'*'^
is acknowledged on all hands that Peruna and catarrh are so S^J.'^:''-':''^:: '--"-'--"•^^^^^^^^^^^WtKt^^k
indelibly associated that to speak of one is to think of the other. -W jr •'"' -*"^ : " ;^
Almont Barnes, late U. S. Consul to Venezuela. S. A., ex-
Chief of Bureau of Statistics of State Department, now in Bu- •'-'
reau of Statistics In Agricultural Department. Washington. D. C, y^^7;:; r .:^:T::^:J:£^^g"-r=^^^^^g^^$^He^^SW6S»
writes: "Peruna is not only a remedy for catarrhal troubles, but M^'/^S?^?^^^Jf\\''^^^^^
equally as effective for colds and aches arising from the same.
It is a most excellent tonic for debilitated systems. Many of my \1*y^^^"^^^S^^^K ;^^'^^^^f
friends have used It successfully, and I have no hesitation in ;^^fli>
giving it my recommendation." — Almont Barnes. ft : Z%-%0$i^^^^^J^^^^?"-'^^^^^^^^^ m
Fred S. Goodrich, ex-member of Congress from Florida (51st f'-^^-' :^i^ v ~^^^^^$^"'"' :: §^^^^^^^M *^
session) writes the following letter from Shawnee, Okla.: "I ani Vfii^-J-^I^Y^—r^
assured and am satisfied that your Peruna Is not only a cure for i '•<^^i^^^^^>^^^^^^^^w^^%^'^
catarrh, but also a most vigorous tonic, and as so many of my I^^^J^&?TO^^Ti^^^^^^^^iy
friends have been benefited by Its use I have no hesitation in rec- \&%ffi\jffi*>\fi ¦^Vyf^^^^^^M^
ommending It to the public."— Fred S. Goodrich. r^^fftlgJIwroTOi^^^r^VVVU^F
| Congressman H. Henry Power of Vermont writes from Mor- X?M$>sS*'t($t ifi/^V^^^V
"Peruna I have used in my family with success. I can rec- Il^lw^l j$^k''>%%^y
ommend it as an excellent family remedy, and very good for
couKhs, colds and catarrhal affections."— II. Henry Powers.
It is a well-known fact that the gunboat "Hist" was more ef-
fectlve In destroying the torpedo destroyers of the Spanish fleet Y?>\
than any other vessel. Luclen Young, commander of the gun- §H§3&§§§t§ST^^/aMP^^sr^^^^^ V^«
boat "Hist" during the battle of Santiago, was specially men- lim^v^
tioned by Admiral Sampson for his gallantry. In a recent letter *J£N2^
from Washington. D. C. he writes: \$i^
"The curative qualities of Peruna as a cure for catarrh • T^^i-r3%fe^fe
have been fully established by the use of the same most j *f'*^ Ss^x4§v£Z&-
successfully by many of my acquaintances, and I can • 1^^^^^^ )> '/y^t? f >^V^!c»*^*^ .^I^V^^'^CrA ;:^^^ S
recommend any one who !s so afflicted to try it."— \ \ \ \ -Cb-^S^gT^' UJT.j rJ.'^^" lHH^
We have testimonials on file from over fifty ¦^^^"^^^S.vyAl j \^ : ?fFj^^STSS§i~£li'^silb. \ <^
members of Congress, Governors, Generals, /^SKsSe^cS^V*'^ >^jg^^Sgglg?5^"*y^I~^j^S^-\ Ji <ZJ
and many other men of dignity and "'•"'"I- y^^jCTS^^^ n >x S
{ f^^^ -'***"*^^~***-***-*TO^?CTwi\ Peruna has cured more cases of catarrh than all the other
; j^^^^^^'-^-C^5^^^^?S^^- brane. This flabblness has betn brought about by exposure to
i A~ ;3>- •~-'.y-y.v-^^^jgps>'^*..'''i^^ ~t^^^^i^^- cold' which finally depresses the nerves supplying the mucous
\L K-^vrzM^J^^^-^ (ifrW^SEL "* cheerfully recommend Peruna to all those suffering from
I^^^^^^^^^^W^M^±=^^^^^^ ° a The a most°dlstin"gulshed men of thr* United States have no
hesitation in lending their inlluer.ee to assist In lettirtff ttT^peo-
v^*tr.y '*'.'. ~ "*""^^5>&gj^^jg^-^ pie know of the virtues of Peruna. Nearly one-half the jienpli*
I \5^----^r..* ~--'-'-"-"-~.*-*IIIZ r^j^^^/L are In some degree affected by catarrh. Therefore. It is almost
i . ~ Zx^^^~Jy n a national curse, and it la of national import that the people
1 I JB^&te^ Peruna Cannot Be Imitated.
j \ Jc§£<&&W& Some things may be successfully imitated, but Peruna can-
jS§55ea«?82~>iS£^. \ not be. Every one purchasing Peruna should look out for Iml-
1 &§§§SX§i§§§?5N^ \ .«*S§25$<S§§§«SS? tations Examine each package carefully. If you have ever
tSJStgiSSSSSi^sSSsggSs^ used Peruna or if you have ev.-r tustt-a i: you are not In the
g^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^S^^^S sllchtest danger of being misled by these imitations, but all
.l^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^f those beginning the use of Peruna should beware.
»^^^S£slf22^5§3^^^^^^^^^aJr i K Beware of Imitations. Believe no one who tells you that he
j^355yT «. 6l- ia&»- J2k j£§ has a remedy thai is making the same cures that Peruna 1j
V^SJJSsC^ i-iUCISil lOUflU ¦ h Jlnirfi'^rn ma if n you have any doubt as to the eenuineness of the bottla of
MM^^^^^^^^^^^t^^^^*' **y m peruna you are using write to Dr. Hartman and the fraud. If
_!L^^^**^^^^"*^^^y ••there be any. "vrtll soon bo detected.
,. , . "™ 11 j" »• * ii ? ? « t ~t ,,nnr rase and he will Address Dr. Hartman. President o£
If you do not derive prompt and satis- full s tatement o : your case, a ™^ M d _ The Hartman Sanitarium, Columbus,
factory results from the use of PeruiU be pleased to give you ms >aiuau«7
write at once to Dr. Hartman. giving .a vice gratis. .
ADVEETISEMEIJTS.
1 Young Men's Dress Suits $9.45]
<sJJ^®*iii^ ucat'on and higher ideals the Jlfe^\
\T#crW ticular about his clothes.
vl> -I/V e doesn't want boys' suits <?
J£%T feshw simply mad? la ge enough to i\ £ ; i
" mentTmade like men's suits
fellM '0^W(^^r The y come in blue and black S^^M^IR
w^S* smooth unfinished goods and
ffeltlfe! Pf^t^ls«& the new weaves of cheviot.
Ilitfl |pl»^ These new goods will be on mS&m^M
Mri^ $9°45 tillStS
¦ ] lSli -¦wBi-" Out-of-town customers M§h ||lfl
Wrm vi&Pf w * 11 receive the same satis- €'-;YH *0*fy[
MS ftjlll faction as though they bought ||gg l||tll
'JilP P® If you live outside San Francisco ¦ _V£>:
lliil; write for our 64-page illustrated 'f.'f^M W~$&
Ipr 740 Market Street. &fLr«=*** <-**,
— — ¦ ——a bmo ' m»=— — —^^— — ¦ — — — ¦—^M^— ¦
1 B. KATSCHINSKI I ! -
1] Philadelphia Shoe Co.
1(0 THIRD STREET, SAN FRANCISCO.
Adjoining- Call BnUfling.
$1.55
DAINTY AND GENTEEL
BEADED STRAP SANDALS .
j The season for parties, balls and
receptions is rapidly approaching,
and we expect <i:i immense busl-
I npss, as we have the finest selected
r stock of SUppers and Sandals in
j this city, and we pride ourselves on
j the fact that ¦while our footwear Is
j I the very latest la every way, yet
I 1 our prices are so reasonable as to
J J be within the reach of all. As a
11 sample we offer this week Ladles"
J I Patent Leather Roman Cross Strap
|l Sandals, ornamented with steel
1 1 beads and with plain coin toes,
II turned soles and military heels.
I OUR PRICE ONLY 81.55- Sires
I '\i to S%; widths A to E.
I WHY WE SELL THEM CHEAP
M"e offer the ladies a bis bargain
; this week. We recently bought a
hlg shipment from the Rhode Isl-
and Shoe Company, but as the firm
has failed ana we cannot reorder
we have decided to cut prices and
sell off the line. Ladies' Vici Kid
I Lace Shoes, with coin toes and
tips, single or double ?oles and mil-
itary heels, WILL BE SOLD AT
•S1.45 A PAIR. Regular price
V~~j0. Sizes 24 to C; widths U to EE.
LATEST IN MISSES' SHOES
H The latest style for misses and
u young ladies is to have shoes with
[j low broad heels, and this
(a wc^k we offer a special. Child's,
H mists' and youny ladies' Patent
Q Leather l^aco- Shoes, with mat kid
Q tops, coin toes and tips and light,
Q durable soles. The children's sizes
J have spring heels and the misses 1
I and younjf ladits' sizes have low,
I flat, broad heels. Widths B to D—
j Child's elzes, SVi to 11 81.2O
1.1 Misses' Fizes, 11% to 2 1.43
!j Young ladies', 24 to 5 1.85
B. KATSCHINSKI
j Philadelphia Shoe Co.
I 10 TSZSO CT., £a& Fraacitso.
$80,000.00
TO BE GIVEN AWAY
Just out! Our magnificent super-
hard, extra loud Columbia cylinder
records. A single sample absolutely
free to every talking machine user,
whether Rraphophone or phono-
graph. Give us type and make of
your machine and receive a sample
record absolutely free. This offer
good for 30 days only, to introduce
the new product.
Columbia Phonoiraph Go.
125 Geary Sires!, San Francis:}.
463 13th Street, Oakland.
fph Supplies Proper Ap|v
|A ...GLASSES... ni
I ) SCHOOL . k J
/ *? CHILDREN > } ;
\^J ..At Moderate Prices..
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Prica Lists Hailed
en Application.
7BCEE AZTD SALT MEATS.
14C D/IV'CC £ m Shipping liutcber*. 104
JAb. liJltj C CO. City Tel. Mala iau.
LUBRICATING OILS: LEONAKD & ELLIS.
4i» Fiont «t.. S. K. fb~>am Main 1U»
FKIKTZNG.
L C. HUGHES, en sr"s^»mT «t . 3. p.
Weekly Call,$1.00 par fear* .
ADVERTISEMENTS. "
i RACK
] :ash ore CtvEDi »
, You can buy here by either plan. I
' All this week, we ofter a .
atRackfor$4 5C
Solid Oak, Brass Trimmings.
We are complete home furnishers '
notels,, flats or country homes; est;
nates given.
Free delivery within 100 miles.
, F. BRILLIANT FURNITU3E CO.
338-342 POST ST.
Not gfr od-enough— if Schil-
ling's Best is not so good a?
you thought, tell your groce?
you want your money.Kew Ctate Board of Charities and
Corrections Prepares to Take
Charge.
The J=tatc Eoard cf Charities and Correc
tions, an organisation created by the la«t
LesfcSatant held its first meeting at the Oc
cidental Hottl yesterday and formally or
ranizcd. The ntmNra of the board are Dr.
E. E. Moor". B«r. J. K. Mcl^ean. \V. O. Pat
terson. Aiidrf-w M. Davis, [trr. Father Charles
A. K*:TitD an] u. K. Oishine. l>r. Moore was
elected pro^irient. I'cv. Dr. McLean vice pres
ident itr.d W. A. Gates, at present secretary
of a Fimilar State organization of Minnesota,
<ma pelrctcd to -art in that capacity for the
r«*w board. Thr board, under the -legislative
enactment, io given considerable authority.
It* duties are of an advisory character, v.hiclj
KEKBEES MEET AND
EFFECT ORGANIZATION
Secretary Gates has had years of expe
rience in the Minnesota institution and at the
solicitation of the California board he con-
Bcnted to resign his position there and enter
upon the new field in th!s State. He will re
turn to St. Paul Immediately and after his
Fucce*sor is appointed there he will come back
to the Coast and proceed to map out the
work of the new board. The caring for fee
ble-minded women, the returning of insane
persons to the States from which they come
and to whose care they properly belong and
the establishing or agencies through which
orphans and neglected children may obtain
suitable homes are among the numerous un
dertakings which the board will consider as
soon as its secretary has located himself here
in permanent offices In this city.
permits Its members to visit and thoroughly
inspect all State and county institutions with
a view of Improving the conduct of the eame.
Annually It will make a report to the Gov
ernor and will figure as en important factor
in the making of new laws of benefit to the
inrane and other charges of the State.
Californians in New York.
NEW YORK. Sept 19.— The following
Callfornlana are registered at the hotels:
From San Francisco— J. F. Cubblns, at
the Navarre: Mrs. 3. Sacks, at the Man
hattan; H; P. Veeder, at the Hoffman;
A. Fair, at the Grand Union; C. A. Hitch
cock, at the Cosmopolitan; Mrs. "W. Ra
der, at the St. Denis; B. Thompson, at the
Hoffman: M. Vincent, Mrs. W. L». Vin
cent, at the Albemarle. From Los An
geles — A. F. Anderson, at the Jefferson;
L». Brannlck, at Hotel Savoy. From San
Dlmas— E. J. Priest, at the Kensington.
After having transferred^hls letter from
the local church and then returned It on
the eve of the present conference it was
apparent that ho again sought the honor.
OXNAED WILL LOCATE
STOCK FABM IN N^PA
N'APA. Sept. 10.— Henry T. Oxnard, the
sugar magnate and one of the most prominent
men of Southern California, will move his fa
mous ptork farm from Lexington. Ky., to the
Napa Valley. Last Sunday he was in Napa
advlslnp with A. 15. Spreckels on the subject.
Mr. Oxnard has practically if not actually
purchased over SCO acres near Napa and will
Immediately begin the expenditure of about
S1W.0CO In improvements thereon. He win
ebon commence the task of moving his thor
oughbreds from Kentucky to the.!r new home in
this valley. His decision to locate 'his farm
near Napa Is a great thing for this city and
the county, as it will be even more extensive
than the bis institution of Mr. Spreckels south
of town.
How extensively n general strike
would affect the building industry may
be recognised by the fact that Chicago
firms in the association alone have
contracts for marble work in buildings
in every section of the country, includ
ing the postpfflce building at San Fran
cisco, now neaiing completion.
CHICAGO, Sept. 19. — Work on nearly
every big building in the country in
course of construction is to be tied up
by a strike of marble workers. The
National Association of Marble Dealers,
comprising thirty-five of the largest
firms in the United States, has thrown
down the gauntlet to the workers by
announcing that they will be locked out
the first three days of next week, and
that, commencing on Thursday, an
open-factory policy will be pursued,
non-union as well as union men being
employed. Labor leaders do not be
lieve the marble workers will yield to
these conditions.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SALLISAW, I. T.. Sept. 19.-Judge An
drew Russell, Mayor of Ganns, I. T., a
town ten miles south of here on the Kan
sas City Southern Railway, telephoned
Marshal J. C. C. Rogers of this place to
night that he killed two men, Tuck Mar
tin and James Choate, to-day in trying
to keep the peace of Ganns. Martin and
Choate are Cherokees and' were so.dis
orderly, it is said, that they were endan
gering the lives of citizens of Ganns,
when Judge Russell and his Town Mar
shal attempted to arrest them and the
tragedy resulted. Judge Russell is an old
citizen, a Cherokee, and he stands well
in all the Cherokee country. Marshal
Rogers, with a posse, has left here for
Ganns.
Shoots Two Men Who Were Endan
gering the Lives of Peaceful
Citizens.
MAYOR OP GANNS KILLS
BELLIGERENT CHEROKEE
May Tie Up Building
Operationsin Many
Cities.
MARBLE WORKERS'
STRIKE PROBABLE
I need not say that I am in thorough accord
with the policies of President Roosevelt and
his administration, occupying common ground
with every Republican in the United States.
It is going to be unanimous next year.
The only issue between the parties in Ohio
this year having reference to taxation is
whether taxes raised fer the maintenance of
the State and its counties and municipalities
shall be raised In accord with methods long ap
proved, not only in the State of Ohio, but In
thn other States of the Union, and whether we
shall make such improvements by legislation
as experience has taught us can be safely
made for the benefit of all citizens of the
State; or whether we shall discard all recog
nized proper methods of taxation and adopt
the methods based upon the speculative theo
ries of Henry George and his followers.
Senator ' Foraker was next Introduced,
and he enlivened the audience by many
impromptu allusions to the incidents of
the day, as well as discussing pending
questions.
The audience was very demonstrative
at the Close of Senator Foraker's speech,
and broke out Into continuous cheering
when Governor Nash Introduced
Hanna as the next speaker. 'Senator
Hanna devoted the introductory part of
his speech to State affairs. Touching upon
national questions he said:
Mr. Clarke, whether he did it thoughtlessly
or intentionally, in a public utterance at Ak
r*i. O., I believe it was, made thin statement:
"This country Is on the verge of a financial
and Industrial collapse."
He sounded that note of danger. Why, God
only knows. But to my mind it was a crim
inal act, because the interests of the country
are concerned. They have never been In any
better shape than they are to-day.
There is nothing to interfere with the prog
ress of this course except to shake the confi
dence of tho people in the principles and poli
cies exercised by the party In power.
The only danger that can possibly come — and
I make this statement from the standpoint of a
business man — and I think I know business
better, at least, than my friend Clarke does,
anyway — the only danger that can possibly
come to the people of this country is through
their own act, by their own power and the will
to Change those policies which have made us
what we are to-day.
The whole country has its eyes upon Ohio,
knowing that this Is the skirmish battle for
liiC4, and I join in making the appeal to our
people, under these circumstances, to send a
word of greeting and confidence to the young
President at Washington and let him know that
Ohio falters not in the fight and will not this
time, and that we lead in the campaign of 1004.
The conditions, my . fellow-cltisens, in thU
country are normal. That Is to Say, they are
not abnormal. There is no reason why w'e
should not have long and continued periods of
prosperity in this country, because our natural
resources are beyond those ot any nation In the
world.
CHILLICOTHE, Ohio, Sept. 19.— The
Republican State campaign in . Ohio was
opened here to-day with a large parade,
followed by a meeting in Yocatenge Park,
at whj,ch Governor Nash presided.
Speeches were made by Senators Foraker
and Hanna ; Myron T. Herrick, candidate
for Governor; Warren M. Harding, candi
date for Lieutenant Governor, and others.
It is estimated that there were 20,000
people in and about Yocatenge Park when
Albert Douglass, recent candidate for the
gubernatorial nomination, delivered an
address of welcome and introduced Gov
ernor Nash as chairman. The Governor
congratulated the Republicans on their
auspicious demonstration and introduced
Colonel Herrick as the next Governor.
Colonel Herrick spoke in part as fol
lows: . * y
Senator Hanna Says Country
Will Long Continue to En
joy Prosperity.
Ohio Republican i Greet
Head of Their State
.Ticket.
OPEN CAMPAIGN
AT CHILLICOTHE
Secretary Shaw h.as represented the Dea
Moines Conference at the last two,Gen
eral Conferences and achieved national
prominence as one of the most powerful
debaters on tha floor of the conference.
Members of the conference generally
were aware that Secretary Shaw really
wished to go to Los Angeles; that he was
represented in this desire by J. M. Kit
tleman of Chicago and that the telegram
to Mann was brought out by a telegram
from Kettleman reporting that there was
formidable opposition to his candidacy.
- The opposition originated In the First
¦Church in Des Moines. When Secretary
Shaw removed to Washington ho took a
letter from that church In the usual form.
This letter was unexpectedly returned aV
the recent ' quarterly conference of the
First Church, the Secretary stating that
on second thought he preferred to retain
his membership and that of his family
in that church. Alnley, a lay delegate to
the Dts Moines conference, jumped to his
feet and exclaimed:
That is nothing but a political trick of
Shaw's to get himself elected as delegate to
the general -conference, and I want to say
right now that I shall vote against him.
The matter was kept as quiet as pos
sible, but the opposition increased to such
an extent as to put Secretary Shaw's
election out of the question.
DES MOINES, Iowa, Sept. 19.-Secre
tary Shaw has just been denied his cher
ished ambition to represent the Des
Moines District Conference at the Gen
eral Conference of the Methodist Epis
copal church In Los Angeles, arid thereby
hangs a tale. He was "turned down" at
the conference In Indlanola . to-day after
having: brought about a conflict that has
caused much ill-feeling. N' p
The Secretary received but one vote
and the announcement of that vote was
greeted with a "horse laugh" by the con
ference. But, in justice to the Secretary,
it should be said that a telegram convey
ing his refusal to be a candidate was in
the hands of L. M. Mann of Des Moines
and had been made known to the confer
ence.
Specfal Dispatch to The Call.
Denied Election as Del
egate to Methodist
Conference.
SECRETARY SHAW
MEETS A REBUFF
THE SAN FKAKCISCO CALL- SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 30, 190S:
24
; , 1_Z
© * '=-•'. I'--
to T^c^lay'-J Clove Cals.ii COCTntY OJIDERS RI2CEIVE I>nO3II\T ATTENTION'. Uftnrfoif Qnoolalc
** 31 C5 i«; Glcres 7=c. | ITlUnQd]f OpsUldlOi
ir.i ri-ow> pric* Tltc • \ilarly 15c 1...1OJB
MONDAY'S MATCHLESS fflONEY-SAVINC OPPDRTUNlTiES
¦ . - .
r T"HIS store will be closed Tuesday, it being a holiday We Want to-morrow to be a tremen-
I dously busy day; your recognition of the unrivaled values will make it so.... You will not be
* satisfied with buying from one or two of the special lines Money-Savings are so great that
you will want to buy from all of them We have carefully fitted the offerings to your fall
needs Every special splendidly fills some immediate want — and at the smallest prices you ever paid.
¦$($& fj» MONDAY ' S MARVELOUS SALE OF SAMPLE SUITS.
jg&l JpRt j|5r Thc Most Exquisite New Fall Suits, produced by America's
fj/T\^r. iP& /^k best tailors— $35 to $40 values, Monday's price,
1 2 / x J^, [ f rA /£k. Vt A3 UBt because these suits were the makers' _^~^9t^ a het^t kth
(• / 1 \Jli \\t/Jf\ Tr^'* \ "mple line you save all that usually (I f Ja
A« ' / \ Svfian \ / |V "• ' counts as manufacturers profit. If you want #r BB >4» M
A* (K IF^tTw'v \ />«-|V^ *¦» J * handsome suit for fall and winter this Rrea". vjp W jS SHi *» v_^
"nf '. v >< i*4 I ' V\ V l^^<^£^ sale of to-morrow will be your best oppor- JI & "^ BW__. *"^^^^*f
&\ — j / /¦ j V\ 11 \ /^f^l tur.ity. for three suits atf tho higrh^t FX p^s- \\ S <r "fgg~^
J 'X^r'J L«— i» -r«r\ A/ III elons of artistic ladlea* tallorinK. We secured X* K{ ,
A I \ \ /\<A/ / I ' thc entire sample line and you may rrst as- v&JfWMWd jbjl
I ' r<<t r\ 1 \ \ W^TH ivJ eured that the leading style feature.! o£ the -„
\ a >. .1 \ \ \ V^Jr 3 J season are Incorporated In these garments. Of some styles thera are only one or
'••m I I \ V jfrrf K tw© suite, but every new design created for fashionable fall wear Is to be found in
¦A, I ,1 A \ \ 'iVy /f I \ thi« offering-. There are tho medium and \ong coat effects — medium and long blouse
, i j- i %\ t\ \ \ »y j\ ! A effects, with or without capes, and those neatly fitted coat and box-front designs.
li i \ \\ /it ' \*W I \\ -\ The fabrics are the popular Zibelines in blue and teveral shades of Bray and green,
/ ' i \ ; ij y / 1 \1 »\ an( l w<1 ' ¦wearlnsr mixtures and tweeds In a large variety of colorings. Ordinarily
/ j , » > \J Ij jf ( I \\ \\ you would be asked $35 to $40 for similar suits. To-morrow they are offered at
/? lilt X \/l '/ i\ V\ actuai C08t oi Production f24.75
'¥ 1 1 \ WzMl I \ W AH Woo! Walking Skirts, $5.00
VJOli^fgk.-, V ffiCs "^l Jz^ *<& Actually worth $7.60 — made with fancy pleats and tailor stitched' bottoms — in
*~&0-- -^SteSS VC^— »4>^ black, oxford, tan and green — a grand value offering for Monday.
MONDAY'S UNRIVALED SALE OF COLORED TAFFETA SILKS.
350O Yards of thc BEST 85c Quality rfflWa >^"^K
This orferinr ttasda out boldly as the most important money-saving event you were ever invited JSSETEJ /&r Tg^ i^
to particirate in. THE SII-K IN TO-MORROWS SALE IS THE BEST We QUALITY THAT WE SELL. I KL JBb tff*
It comes in 4'. of the leading thades. includlnir cream, white, llsht blue, pink, heliotrope, etc. It Is a | >><JJv' | 9w<'fflM'
fine trade w th a brilliant, luFtroui flnish. It is the most suitable silk for petticoats, drop skirts, : CR h!s I
linings or waists. This ofterinir is for TO-MORROW ONLY. The 85c quality 5J)c QJ gW
Dressmakers and other maiRttacturers will flnd this a splendid opportunity — no samples cut; none Mf
MONDAY'S TWO GREAT BLACK SILK LEADERS.
61.50 Quality . nn | $1.25 Quality <OJ™3Tl
Block Pcau de Soie, SHJiS^ fl Guaranteed Black Taffeta,
SO incl-es wide, dcufcle-faced. warranted pure i Iff % '^ 23 inches wide, every yard guaranteed. A f^yt^t
F!2k. tiie best black. • II Brand *rad» in a very lustrous finish.
MONDAY'S HOSIERY SPECIAL. MONDAY'S GREAT WAIST SALE.
50c Quality Ladies' Lace Lisle Black Hose Finest Wu Law.i Waists, Worth $1. 50 to $3 -^ a^ /
It will pay vou to secure a liberal supply To-morrow will be a memorable Waist day j Iajr ',
r v - " ¦- . - -._ ,,,,. ,_ «_rt~«j _ «r>i«n toT we are offering the best Waist values that : HE|l J
of hose to-r.iorrow. for this is indeed a splen- have bstn advertised in months. These Waists I Ml C
i\<i offering <f the most etv'.ifii Lac- L.r.e C tf B » , are ma^ii? of 'the linest white lawn, elaborately fc^ftXV^TV
Hose of the newest French deel^ns. Elegant \B<p trimmed v.lth rows of fine Insertions and tuck- • ' tm W
rffect*. in openwork and close ribbed designs, «. jgr T lr.(r. There arf all s\ua f&v M*
Th- toles. hwls and toes are double, and every ¦"" ¦ . T ne y are from all our' hlgli class white lawn >* V_^T*
stncWrjj In the lot is extra long and elastic. Waist stocks— where the lines have bercmo
Thpj reprercnt thp rc-Rular 5O-cent lines and for broken— and were regularly prlcod from S1.5O to $3.00. There's
to-morrow only arc rriced Site a pair. about 200 In the lot which will bo sold to-morrow for !)3c
MONDAY'S TWO IMMENSE DRESS GOODS YALUESo
DISCRIMINATING SHOPPERS WILL. RECOGNIZE VERY UNUSUAL VALUES IN THESE GOODS AT THESE PRICES.
$I.5O LONDON TWINE ETAMINE, j] $2.00 BLACK ENGLISH BROADCLOTH,
4S inches wide: th» moet popular etamlne ef- j 52 Inches v.-lde; all wool material, manufac- j* nf C* r"
feet rot Ifcll wear, beins a coarse open mesh Sf^jT^k^- U tured in England by one of the leading mills. S> Bv>Q
material. In navy, new L'.u», castor, tan, V«B%v /v f', H It Is extra heavy weight and fast London dye fl B 'TTTf
ro«-da. eolden brown, gray and black. This #/^Ayd H black. It 1? extensively used for new fall if '^
jrrado was imported to sell for $1.50. which la V-XV^Jr' coats and tailor-made suits, and Is one of the
tin* resulwr I rice; to-rr.orrow's price. OSc. II best wearing clothB made; regularly ?2; to-morrow, Pl.:t.~.
•i-hE n^vv fall lace» and -i rim Mings. MONDAY'S SAVINGS !\ HOUSEFURNIbHINGS.
i^xis^sruz? norr^ lncllned wm flnd here to -
Dcpartmest is m^te With new fall trimming novelties— the past raorrow man > Pleasing cffciin^s.
creek baa hrousht scores of charming Parisian creations, to which $2 Sl{ko!fPP HniTlffirtPr ju A rf^P"
«p invite your critical inaction. PERSIAN LAMB NOVELTIES <f4>JU OlllVJililC UU1II I Ui IKF, «i W *-#H»
— Wofxi Filler Novelties — Jet Novelties — Urairt Novelties. Large size, covered with fine silkollne, flp- »#' fa *S*-Jr
Extra Values for Monday — TRIMMING BRAIDS In numerous ure d on both side? — well quilted and filled with * H "P 1 * '
cov:U> designs, ana a variety of the latest colors. pure medicated wh'.te cotton. ¦** \
Worth 12c 15c 20c 35c $1.50 ¦Honeycomb Spread, xdlfi
~ . . rt , rt ._ __ Extra large size and hpavy quality. These 5h B *
8c 10c 15c 25c «E^ l S^2srS.iK,i T n "" ""•¦ T P'~
| PHENOMENAL PETTICOAT SALE-MONDAY. IXSXf&SS™!* 2L^.E& N i£&.
> *sM *?n <\ll K PFTTimaTQ * h0 are Bavln K'y inclined.
bILK Ptl MLUalb, SCOTCH WOO . FLANNEL,
p The r.orr.an tvho wishes to add a Silk Petti- j-. I This Is the bes» quality Scotch wool flan- ., __- j.^
C coat to hf-r wardrobe will hail this announce- %. (QSO nel— 32 Inches wide, plain and fancy strlpp* f 'Jt F 1 " *p,
§ M wi,:> de'.lsh^ To -m.rrow we will place f M^l^wSdJ^d?'^ WSf^SSZ ®
9 en tale a lot of fcllk I'ettlcoats made cf a fine it i^Jt RkIrtSi Ehlrts or underwea r. V-^C^J?
4 <r-aKty of silk, in accordccn pl«t?d and new | NF\v Bi FFCPn rw vmv«
I circular flounce Ptyl>. trimmed with dainty ruche; there are also .. , p<tiw H-ttCtD CH VJ^TS,
fl tome made In the three tucked ruffle effect. The colors are pink. *?,*!; B r° d^, 3 v , U8 1 t ! V^ a a i r l! * a COl °^2 4 WB» «fc
k , r a,o: 6e . B^tM tan. y.lio^^ray. navy emerald. «>yal and '^^^^U^f^tSS. "iS^o«J5 . iT f d
5 tY.K new o: ia rj;eabl6 rfTects. They are regularly priced ?10 .'0; t-rfects. This Is the seasons first shoeing; B '
'¦ Mcr.r.cy < r.ly they will l>e told at to-morrow 15c yard. a\~£W
TABLE LIMEIM REMNANTS REMARKABLY LOW PRICED MONDAY.
J __^_»____^__^___^___ To-morrow will see the most remarkable values in table ; ¦ '
> JT "1 linens. W'e place on 6ale o\*er 390 remnants— accumulated from j . ' ' . '
£ \i jff ' recent salei— in lengths of l^i to 4 yards. This tale will include tg jff
% JSiT H S/t!^ remnants from the choicest patterns of Iriah. German and Scotch g| /Gr W XF^ €k&
S jtf f r ~j& HyfiV^S^Bl manufacture, which sell for SOc to ?2a yard, and the variety Is so d_,. tt f&
£T '~\x & * 'B-4Y~r^*y vast tllat any taste can be ratisfled. You will be wise to come /fjf*^Rj3LdJ&*/KJrKjf
w A early, for this pale Is bound to create the busiest kind of buying. Jf. "j&
% i -^ ***** lor tne beej an( j most serv-iceablt- makes of table linen are of- JK V
fercd for one-third lees than the regular remnant prices. *" ' ' ¦ "
RAILWAY TBAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
< M»ln Line, tout of M«r*ei Street )
LB4TB — FBUM SlP^UIBJIK i. VMU. - A«»1T»"
""7 00* Denlcls*. SulSun. liliuim unU b.itrn-
naent" 7-25p
7C0* Vseaviile. Winters. Uumsey 7 25*
7J0» Martlnex. San lUmon Vailejo,
Kap»- Callstosa, 8anti» Itoan 825*
7 30a Nlles. LUermore, Latbrop. Stock-
ton • 725'
8 CO* Davis \Vood!nod. KnUhts Lnndlnj;.
Murrivllle. Orovllls. (coonrou .
st itarysvlUe for tirlUley, Utgga
sndChNo) _
8 00* Atlantic Kxpiw-O(j«:on«ndh.-»»t. 10-25*
8.00a rortC"««». Martinez. Aatl.Kh. Ry-
ron.Tr»«3r.S>t<H.'ltton.hn«TBi>icnti>.
Los HanoB. Mendvta, lUuixnt.
Vlsslla, rortrrtllle 4.23*
SCO* PortCo»ta. Mgrtluti)!. Tr*cy. Lath-
rop, Sloda«>, Merced. rr«n<>,
Go*nen JnucUmi. Haaford. Vt-
tali*, lukcrsfieia 525»
8.30a Sh«»u» Kxpre«» — l>arl«. WIlIiMmt
Clor Bartlelt Sprincs). Willows.
tKrutn. i:e<l BliilT, rortlanil 7-53*
830* Nilcj. Sun Jone. l.lvermore. 8t<xrij-
ton.Joof.SiicrMnifnto.nscprviUe.
JlarysTlIle. Chlco. Ucd UliiCT 4.2Sf
830* Oakdale. CWneie, Jam<Mtown. 8o-
nora. Taulmune nml Auuei* ..... 4.2Sr
9.00* Martlnexand \Tay3t»Mon« .I 5 *'
1000a Vallejn 12.25*
10 00a Cl Taso P!««en»r»T. Knatiionnit —
Povt Costa. Marttnez.. liyron.
Itacj. Lstnrop. Stockton.
Jl^rced. UiiymouJ. Fresno, Uaa-
fcrd. VUaila. nak«r»fleld. Loe
Aueeles ana El Paso. <TTest-
boun<larrt*e« »1»Co«»t Line)... «1.39»
10 00a The Orerland LtmHed — Ogden.
Denyer. Omaha. Chicago g.2gr
1200JI Hajward. Nlles and Way Buttons. 3-25*
ILOOr Sacramento River Steamers—. ....til.OOr
330r BentiU. Winters. 8acrmnento,
Woodland. Williams. Cola*a.WU>
low*. Knights Landing. Marys-
Tille. OroTllU and way lUtloni.. 10.BS4
SSOr Haywanl.Nllesaod W»y Stations.. 765»
4.00r iIartlnex.9anUamon,VaUeJo,Uapa,
CalUtogn, 8aauIJo»a.... -I*5 A
400r Martinez, Tracy,L»throp.Stoc*toa. 10|5*
4Mf Nlles, LlTermore, Stockton. Lodl.. 4.25r
4.J0» Hayward. Nlles. lrrlngtoa. S»a I t3.55*
Jose. Ltvermore f II 1.53*
6-OOr The Owl Llmlled— Fresno. Talaxe,
UakertQeld. Lo» ADReles 8 83a
BOOp Port Costa, Tracy, btockton, Los
Banos ¦*'t3 r
. tBJOr Hay ward, 51!cs and San Joie .7-254
B.OOr Hayward. NUet end Ean Jose 10.2m
6.00p Oriental Mail— Ojrden. Den Ter,
Omaha, St. Louis. Chicago and
East. Port Costa, Benlcla, 8ul-
• un. Elmlra, Duns. Sacrameata,
Rocsnln. Aoborn. Colfax.
Truckse. Boca, Uano, Wade-
worth, WUaemieei, BatUa
Mountain. EUo 423?
».. Reno, Trackee. Sacramento, Earls,
Sulsun, Benlcla. Port Costa 7-53 a
S COr Valielo, daily, except Sunday.... t 7 B5 _
7.00r Vallejo. Sunday only f
7.00* 6aa Pablo. Port Costa, Martlnex
and Way Stations 1123*
t-Kr Oregon A California Kipre»t- Sao^
ramento. Marysrllle, Redding.
Pvrtiand. Paget Soacd and East. 833a
t.ito Hayward. NUea and 8aa Jose (8aa-
dayonly) - 11-M*
11.25r Port Cost*. Tracy. Latttrop. M»
derto, Merced. Raymond (to To-
•emlte), Fresno, llknford, Vt
t«t)a. n»'.-*mne.ld 12-2»>
COAST LINE (!«arr»w Utoge).
(Fuot of Market Street.)
745a bant* Crax Excursion < Sunday
only) --••• *-18»
815a Kewark. CenterTllle. Baa Joaa.
Feltoa. Boalaer Creek. Santa
Crm nod Way Stations 8 23*
1215r Newark, Centenrllle, Ban Jo«».
New Almaden.Lua Oato«.Ke[toa.
Boulder Croek, Banta Crui and
Principal Way Station* 10554
41Br Newark. Ban Jo«e. Loa Gatos and
> way statioaK (on Saturday and
Banday runs tbrougb to Ssata
• Crux; Monday onjjr from Santa
Crux). Connects at Feitoa to
and from Boulder Creek ?3-53 >
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN KICAM'IHCU, Ko«t of M<rkt-t St. (SlinO
— t;:1j »:UU 11:111 a. a. 100 3 00 615 p.m.
From OAKLAND. Koot »f nrymlwuy — t«:0O ;3:0»
1S-.05 1u:Uua.m. 12 00 203 400r.it.
COAST LINE <Uroa.l Wa««ei.
t-iT~ ( 1'hird unit f.iwnaeinl Streeu.)
610* Pan Jt>*«! and Way Staitun* 8 33r
if CO a San .lose and W»y Stations 638r
7.15a Monterey and Santa Crux Ezenr-
I »lon (Sunday only) 8 30'
800a New Ahnarten (Tues., Frld.. only), 4-10r
I 00a CoaslLlne Limited— Stoptouly^aa
Jose, GilroT (connection fur II < >l-
lister), Pajaro. Cantrovllie. S»-
llnaa. San .'.nlo. Paso Uo!>>».
BantaMargsrlta. San Luis Oblspo,
(iuadalupe. Surf (connection for
Lompoc). Santa Barbara, Saugus
and Los Angeles. Conoflctiim at
CastroTllle to and from Monterey
and Pacific Urore 10.43*
i.CO* San Jose. Trrs Pines. Capttola,
SantaCriu.PacIflcGroTe.SaMBa*,
San Luis Oblspo and Principal
lntermftiltata Stations 4 11"
TO3Oa Ean Jose and Way Stations 1.20>
11.00a Cemetery Passenger— Souta Saa
' Francisco, San liruao 1.C5?
11 JOa Santa Ctara. San Jose. Loa Gatoa
and Way Stations 7-30r
• I.ICr San Jose and Way Stations * 7 OOP
2. COr Saa Jose and Way Stations 59 43a
2.30i* Cemetery passenger — South Saa
Francisco, San Bruno 4-35'
t3X0r Del Moote F.zpreis— Santa Clara,
6an Jute. Del DIonte, Monterey,
Pacific UroTc (connect* al SantA
Clara for Santa Cms. Boulder
Creek and Narrow Gauge Point*) M2-15*
iiOr Pacific Grove and Way fitations—
Horlfngame.Saa Mateo.IScJwoort,
>IenloPnrk. Palo Alto, Mayfleld.
Mountain View. Lawreace, S»ut»
Clara. San Jose, <Gliroy. Uollis*
ter. Tres Plnui). Pajaro, WaUon-
vllle. Capltola, Saota Crux. Cas>
trorllle, Salinas 1043*
4 iOr San Jose and Way Stations 833a
b COp Ban Jose. (tI* Santa Clara) Loe
Oatos.Wrlgntand Principal Kay
Stations (except Sunday) fl.OCa
ISZOr 6an Jose and Principal Way Stations tB.OOa
tS-i&r eanMateo.Beresford.BelmoBi.6aa
Carlos. Redwood. Fair Oaks,
' Menlo Park. Palo Alto t9 45»
t.ZQr San Jote and Way SUtlons. 8.3(U
7-COp fiontet Limited. Eastbound.— Saa
Lais Oblspo. Santa Barbara, Los
Angeles, Demlng. El Paao, Sew
Orleana, Nsw Tork. (Westbonad
axrlTes Tla 8*n Joaquta Valley).. . vH 25 k
8.00 r r»io Alto aod Way Stations 13.15a
11.30rSouta San Francisco, ttttlara*.
Burllngame, San Hateo, Bel*
moat, Saa Carlos, Redwood, •« , s .
Fsir Oaks, Menlo Park. VaJo ¦ SdSt
Alto. Mayfleld. Mountain View. **«*»
Sunnyvale. Lawrence, 8aata m
Clara and San Joae j
A for Horning. P for Afternoon.
X Saturday and Sunday only. { Saaday oaljr.
\ Stops at all stations oa Sunday-
t Sunday exceptcd. a Saturday only.
« Ma Coast Line. v Via Saa Joaqnla YaUey.
ft Reno trsln eastbovad discontinued.
CBr Only trains stopping at Valencia 8L soataboaM
ireli:10A.ji..t7:00A.M..U:L»A.K..2:30rjl.taiH:30yJO
TOSANRAFAEU
SANQUENTIN, i
MILL VALLEY, 1
CAZADERGSETC.
via Sausalito Ferry
WEEK DAYS— (HoUdays ejcepUdV-«:«,
+•7:45. 8:45, 9.45. 11 a. m.. 12:20, n:43. 8:X3,
4:15. 1S:15. »tt:15. «:45. ». 11:43 p. m. »
7:43 a. m. train week dais does not rua t»
M SUNDAYS AXD LEGAL, H0LIDAY&-7.
t8 t-a. t«10 11. tH:30 a. m.. U2:30. fl:30.
2 35 »3i5O 5 ». 7:30. ». 11:45 ». m.
Trains marked (•) run to San Queatla.
Those marked (t) to Fairfax, except 5:15 p. m.
Saturday s. On Saturdays the 3:15 p. m. trala
runs to Fairfax.
FROM 9AN RAFAEL. TO SAM FRANCISCO
—Week .lays— 3:25. J8:25. 1:40, 8:15. ?•>::».
' 11:05 a. m.. 12:30. 2:20, J3:45. 4:50. 5:30. 6:43.
1O:**O p. tn.
SUNDAYS— 6:15. 7:35. JS:10. 9:40. J10.53.
$11:15 a. m.. 12:50. 2:30. *3:23. 4:40. J3:5O,
e:5.">, T:35. 10:20 p. m.
! Trains marked (t) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL. VALLEY TO SAN FRAX-
CISCO — Week days — 5:45. 6:40. 7:45. *:25.
0:43, 11:1O a. m., 12:40. 2:43, 4:15. 5:10. 7:06.
10:4O p. m. .
8UNDAYS— 0:33. 7:55. 10, 11:10 a. m.. 12:03
1:05, 2:40. 3:45, 4:W, 6:C5. 7:10. 10:lU p. m. '
THROUGH TRAIN*?.
7:45 a. m.. week days^ — Cau'l.T) and way
stations.
&.15 p. m.. week days (Saturdays ezceptsd)—
Tcmalea and way stations.
3:15 .p. m., Saturdays — Cczadero end way
stations.
Sundays and Legal Holidays — S a. m.. Caza«
dero and way stations.
Sundays and Lefral Ilo'.iJays— !0 a. m., Poiat '
Reyes and way i<tatlors.
TICKET OFFICE— 6=6 Market it.
FKP.RY— Foot of Market st.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leave fia Sraaiits tarj j Airive ""
| Saa Fran. fx* at Marks* >t Saw Kraq.
I Week Sun- _r?5&-m_ Week'
! IHyv da>-« i^m Dayy
tf:43 A ' «:uoa Rli«isSH^ nTooSiTTJI
1:45? 1»:OOa V^SS^&^if 12:3O?3:30»
SilSr 1O:OO« VfSc»£>y ;t:3i>P 3:5O»
hjpdsT* nij. mn frnn T 0:3Oy.trrtT»iy. il:30»
I rial? I «tf Maskst StZ (N'ortis Sbor* Kaiin»4>
•TTICB I and Sausauto Fsxsr Pont Mirkot St.
WEEEI CEL
. • ¦" -I iff*
16 Pages. SlpcpYca?
\ ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE DOCTORS WHO CURE
SAN FRANCISCO'S LEADING PHYSICIANS and EXPERT SPECIALISTS
fWE TREAT AND CURE
CATARRH. Nose and Throat Troubles. Nervous El.-ases. Kidney
and Liver Diseases. Bladder Troubles. Heart Disease. Diseases o(
the Stomach and Bowels, Piles, Fistula ani Rectal Dlseas«>, Fema „
Complaint*, Chronic Diseases of Women and Children. RickeU. Spin.
Al Troubles. Skin Diseases. Deafness. Asthma, Bronchial and Lunj
Trouble*. Rheumatism. Hay Fever. Neuralgia. Hysteria. Ear Dis-
eases, Goitre or Big Neck. VaricOcel*. Lost Manhood, etc.; Blood
IMceasee. Private Diseases, Scrofula and all forms of Nervous ani
Chronic Diseases (that are curable). -
1 OUB MOTTO: A low fee,9 03r£j^^
quick cure, mild and painless '-y^fs Illgvj^S
Censnltatloa to perion or • Aj.
HOME CURES BY MAIL° R Mr
Do not despair because you live at a distance from th»clty Dri Sfe^iT
fihorrs- new system of HOME TREATMENT makes It easy to « "t
*xp«rt advice and treatment at home. Their new symptom blank afar d&ZV&i^
covers every symptom of disease which enables them to diagnose /\^*jfi9tJPS?
your case and tell you what your trouble la. what can be done for , £&fS&£t/J&
you, and what the cost of a cure will be. WRITE If you cannot <tiP\J&%i£pJ$'
call for their new symptom list and take advantage of the FRKE >I MS&Ma&f
EXAMINATION. . Whether you tak 8 treatment or not. the ad- NfiPW^
vice costs you nothln*. D* O W Shsrw. '
WEAK MEN PAY WHEN CURED
If ron suffer fronvany of the weiknesset We cure yon flnt »nd then asK a REa-
or diseases caused by Ignorance, excess or SONADLE FEE when you are cured. . ¥cu
contagion YOU ARE THE VERY PERSO.V «n depend upon our word: thousands of
WE WANT TO TALK TO. . patients have indorsed us. NOW WK
We have proven our skill In earinr WANT TO CURE YOU with the distinct
CHRONIC dlteaces by publishing- the many ondentandlnK that we will not demand a
voluntary testimonials from home people. F EE until we cure you. This applies to
giving names, pictures and addressee. Lost Manhood v Seminal Weakness. Sper-
We Can't Publish Our Cures In i^^Wir u^&»f 'S2SS W£
Private Diseases. , 35»:^^fcS£N^^gfeS?5
Because 11 would betray confldenc*. Henc» men.
we have to prove our skill in. this class of . OFFICE HOURS: a a. in. to 4:30 p. m.:
troubles -in- another way. This Is our plan. Evenings 0.S0 to S; Sund*y» *q a. m- to 13.
¦ Prs. Shores Expert Specialists, 933s an M Francl , s^i.
. AEVEBTISEMEITTS. >V;-T
San Francisco, Sunday, 20 September, 1903
, ',
New pattern in
weathered oak, '$22.50
One of the smartest low priced china closets that
ever came on our floors. Finished rich weathered oak
and just the right size for a small, cozy dining room.
Has rounding glass sides and glass door. Measures 66
inches high and 36 inches wide. •
If this is what you are looking for, place your order
\ quickly. New* things are sometimes claimed almost as
soon as they appear. ,
Something a little better for the money in hall
stands. A new line in which every pattern is distinctly
original. Splendidly made and superbly finished. One
in rich'golden oak, with a prettily shaped mirror, for
¦' (Formerly the California FurnituVe Co.) ¦ *•
957 to 977 Market Street, San Francisco
EAU.WAY TEAVEI*.
I CALIFORNIA
I LIMITED TO CHICAGO
H leaves Monday* sad ThondaT* »t *-.S0 a.m.
|| Through la 3 days with CHn«r« »nd ill trapping j.
i || Our other trains go at
If 7:30am \ for Stockton, Fresno.
a t:3>iM > BakersfieM. Merced,
y I: COM J Haaford. Visalla, " f>
0 4:00PM for Stockton.
u 8iO9PM for Kansas City and Chlcaco.
¦ Office. 641 Market St.. mod la Ferry
l| Depot; 1112 Broadway. Oakland.
U Trains leavt.Varktt Strttt Firry.
j . ___^__^_—
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE *
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
BAILWAT COMPAmr.
Tiburon, Perry, root or Market St.
SAN FBANCISCO TO SAIT BATAS&.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 8:00. 9:00, 11:00 a. m.:
12:35. 2:30, 3:10, 5:10. 5:50. 6:30 and 11:30
p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:30, 8:00. 0:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30,
2:30, 3:40. 5:10. 6:30, 11:30 p. m.
BAST BAFA£L 70 SAW FBAHCXSCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:05. 6:80. 7:35. 7:50. 9:20.
11:15 a. m.; 12:0O. »2:0O, 3:tO, 5:00, 6:20.
6:25 ji. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:45 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:50. 7:35, 0:20. 11:15 a. m.; 1:15,
3:40, 4:50, 5:00, 6:20, 6:10. 6:25 p. m.
'Except Saturdays. .
Leave I In Effect I ¦ Arrive
San Francisco.) May 3. 1003. [San Francisco.
Week I Bun- I Destlna- I Sun- I Week
Da>8. [ days. ( - tlon. | days. | Days.
I 7:30 a 7:45 a 7:45 a
7:30a 8:Cf)a 8:40a 8:40 a
8:00 a 11:30 a Ignaclo. 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:30 p 2:30 p 6:0Op 8:20 p
5:10 p 9:10 p 6:20 p 7:25 p
7:30 a 7:20a I 7:45 a 7:45 a
8:00 a 8:00 a Novato, ,10:20 a 10:2D a
2:30 p 0 30 a Petaluma. |6:2Op 0:20 p
5:10 p 2:30 p and I 7:25 p 7:25 p
| 6:10 p Santa Rota, j |
7:30 a 7:S0a 10:20 a 10:20 a
8:00 a 9:00 a Fulton. 7:25 p 6:20 p
2:30 p 2:30 p . 7:25 p
- Windsor. I
7:30 a 7:30 a Healdsburr, 10:20 a 10:20 a
Lytton, I
2:30 p 2:30 p Geyservllle, 7:25 p) 7:23 pi
\ Cloverdale. | ;
7:30 al 7:30 al Hopland"! 110:20 a|10:2O a
2:30 p[ 2:30 p) and Ukiah. |_7£25p| 7:25 p
"7:30a| 7T30a| Wlllits. I 7 :25p!~7:25 p
8:00 al 8:00 al Camp Vacation. 110:20 allO-20^
2:S0p|g:30p| Gutrncvllle. [ 7:25 p| 6:20 p
~8:00al 8:00 a| Sonoma^
5:10 p| 5:10 pj Glen Ellen. | «:00p< 6:20 p
7:30 a I 7:30 m\ 110:20 a!10:2O a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| Sebastopol. | 7:25 M 6 :20 p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
Quentir.: at Santa Uofa for White Sulphur
Springs: at Fulton for Altrurla and Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs- at Oey-
eervllle for Ska^KS Springs; at Cloverdalo for
the Geysers, Boor.evliie and Greenwood- at
Hopland for Duncan Springs, Highland Srri'n-*
Keleeyville. Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay I^ake"
port and Baitlett SprinRs; at Uklah for Vlehv
Sprinss. Sarntoca Springs. Blu« Lakes Laurel
Pell Lake. Witter Springs. Upper Lake Pomo
Potter Valley. John Day.. Riverside L!erly>'
Bucknell>. Sanhedrln Heights. Hullvllie. Orr^
Hot Springs Halfwajr House. Comptche Camn
Steven* Hcpklnf. Slendoclno City Fort H-a^l
Westport. UmI; at Wlllits for Fort Brill
Westport, Sherwood. Cahto. Covelln. iXnm'.
S" Monday round - trii) «f«- «
On Sunday— Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San RafaM» at hair-rates points
b-Tldln- 1 OfflC * 65 ° Market st ™ et . Chronicle
¦~H. crWHITINT,, r. x . nYA^
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pasa. Agt.
DOTTOIJ17C fOR BARBERS. B.\
DliUunCu k * n - bontblacks. batl-.-
. houses, btlliard tables.
brewers, .bookbinder*, candy-maker*, canmra,
dyers. Hour mills, foundries, .laundries. i>aper-
hangers printers, pa Inters, shoe faetori«»,
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, eta
... BUCEAKAir BSOS.,
Brash Maauf actortn, 609 Sacramento St.
ADVZBTISEMSKT3.
v -jLp "^Vi^tt^i uori t u*y to Solve It but ??ti^ot» if
r Zt' i % -^*^;S?TtsI fe» ¦* m b H H^ Jnt B^ fTt& t4Q^ B H Q/ rfC Ft mr as/% *y* -J^^ m
K.vfc£^Sj^*^fy#l %^^^ E E U NLA B a a u k^B tl U a^ A^ *f5*w li a
tW^fj^fi 'tSSfilTlSf 1 ¦ I 1^1 m^B fc^ J I I M M
RaBglcj in Prizes from $tO9.M to $2.50. Open to all. Free to i
£*gKJ|2*>§$ eTerycaf. Send at once lor rules of contest Mailed free anywhere n
;^*.-j i- '•~r£^*~~i v#£>AKi 5XKEET SAW FR.ANCI^CC1 r
•^fei^^*!^ Don't delay sesdiur for nilea. Ten hare 131 chances to wta 'It Would Interest You
LENBURG, Austria, Sept. 13.— A news
paper here says it»is reported that the
plans for the army mobilization In Gallcla
have been etolen from 'ihe cavalry head
quarters here.
Austrian War Plans Stolen.
BERLIN. Sept. 19.— Professor Franz von
Protter, chief of the German Archaeolog
ical Institute, according to a telegram
from Athens, killed himself to-day by
thoctlng. His suicide was the result of
despair at not being able to complete a
mythological work on which he had been
long engaged.
Gcixnan Professor Commits Suicide.
EOISE. Idaho, Sept. 19.— Thomas H.
Hardy, a traveling man for the Spauldlng
Manufacturing Company of Grinnell,
Iowa, mysteriously disappeared from
Boise on September 4 and has not been
peon since. He left his luggage In his
lodging-house and took his room key with
him. Several letters have been received
by the poilce and by the hotel proprietors
fi rom Hardy's employers to the effect that
Hardy had written to them that he was
tired of life and was going to drown him
self in the Boise River.
Traveling Man Is Missing.
MANILA. Sept. 19.— The 'United States
Government has just completed the pur
chase of the Hotel <Je Orlente, on the
Plaza <3e Calderon de la Barca. The
building, one of the best of Its kind In
this city, will now be adapted to the re
quirements of the Federal authorities,
with suites of rooms arranged as offices
for the various departments. In this re
spect It Is admirably located in Imme
diate proximity to the custom-house and
other of the more Important offices of the
Government. The price paid for the
property is said to have been $313,000.
Manila to Have Federal Building.
The English soldier strikes me as being very
yo-jrir. but he seems to march well. The non
cotr.ralssioriea officers are a splendid boiy, who
carefully supervise the work of the men under
them.
The Cnrllsh maneuver* are an application.
on a larger acale than we have had at home
of methods of attack which our officers believe
In. and which, on a small scale, have been fol
lowed for many years. It Is Interesting to Bee
that the results of the war In South Africa
have led to exactly the eame methods as we
followed !n the Indian campaigns, that Is. long
lir.es of skirmishers, one arter another, ln
etead of packed masses.
LOICEOX. Sept. 13.— Captain T. Bentley
Mott, military attache of the United
Elates embassy, Paris, who witnessed the
military maneuvers Just concluded, made
the following comments to-day:
Attache of tt. United States Em
bassy at Paris Attends the
Becent Review.
PBAISZS THE BRITISH
MXLITAKY MAITETTVEBS
9 SAN DOMINGO. Republic of Santo Do
mingo, Sept. 19.— United States Minister
Powell has sent a strong protest to the
Dominican Government based on the fol
lowing grounds:
That the action of the Dominican Gov
ernment in sending to CongTess a project
for establishing the neutrality of Domin
ican waters and making certain ports free
would not tin view of the fact that Santo
Domingo is an independent state) be ac
cepted in a friendly spirit by the United
State?.
That the United States Government
¦would not allow the establishment of any
coaling ports In Santo Domingo or the
cession of any portion of Santo Domln-
Ko territory to any European power.
That the United States will not permit
any nation to make exclusive use of Do
minican waters In time of peace, much
led in time of war; nor could the United
States allow any portion of Dominican
territory to be classed as neutral, nor
permit any portion of the country to con
flict with the concession granted to the
Clyde line, according to which all vessels
arriving from foreign ports are compelled
to pay port duties" excepting the Clyde
steamers.
Minister Powell Outlines Attitude
of the United States on the
Neutrality Question.
SENDS STBONG PROTEST
TO DOMINICAN GOVEBNMENT
LIVERPOOL. Sept. IS.— General Sir
Ian Hamilton sailed for New York
to-day on the steamer Luca.nl a.
General Hamilton took a promi
nent part in the defense of Lady
smith during the South African war.
During his visit in America he •will visit
a number of military posts and famil
iarize himself ¦with American army meth
ods.
General Ian Hamilton Is
to Visit Our Mili
tary Posts.
SOUTH AFRICAN WAR HERO
WHO WILL VISIT THE
UNITED STATES.
LADYSMITH
HERO COMING
TO AMERICA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 20, 1903.
To look through the framed picture de
partment, on the second floor, and see
how beautiful and attractive. the new pic
tures are, and at such a price littleness.
Sacborn. Vail &. Co., "11 Market street. •
25
j See bi£ show window display Parisian Model Hats, Gowns and Coats, j
i -.' I Special Sale Goods Ordered by Mail or • I . ' -¦• w „ $
I Misses' Fall Suits Telephone win Not Be sent c. o. d. GroGepies—Lgquius $
i . A very complete, showing is ready of the Peter Thompson and G.bson effect jfyO Specials Monday and TUQStlay .%
£ in Misses' and Children's Sailor Suits, made of Serges, Henriettas, Cashmcre3 \' S JL^^ sryb WjTi\ Babbitt's Best Laundry Soap -23 ban . $1 Jesse Moore AA Whiskey— Bottle . . 82o 3«
I and mixture. Some arc daintily trimmed with fancy .Sk and wool b:a:d,; C ' ff>Mif f /%/WSBlMf I "t*^™ WtllB 80 *
k -seme with ribbon and lace insertions. . €^^^M Mi^aJL/ L^MS^Ii Firkin Cr " mtr y Butter-Choic, by tone, quarts. B5o *
k' Colors reds, navy, browns, cadet and other leading shades. S:zes, 4 to J 1 ™" ' *"_ m JR. the pound . ........ . . 26o Apricot Brandy— Dclicioii* after-dinner *
fc 14 years. 'CA^r"ORNIA*S"UAftGESTr- A^ r --g l j^^&* a0 ~ French Castile Soap — Imp' ted !arg= bars 22 O cordal, bottle 35o 'J
k " Pr',rr< CO TK *K nfl GR tin nn to <tO/l nn _^--««rw^BiUl l^^'M!Z^^^^ aa^^^^ Emporium Baking Awdtr — Strictly Old Globe Whiskey— A straight Ksn- ;,
k . Prices— $2.75, $5.00, $6.5U UP to $20.00. "^^^^^^^^AMERlCA'S GRANDEST STORE pure, I 1b. tin 30O tucky hand-made Bourbon, gal. .$2.05 ,H
X "'.'../ . ' . . ' * / 3*
I Waists, Suits, Silks, Dress Goods, Braids, Trimmings, Linings, Etc. \
\ - - Beginning Monday Morning 8:30 %
\ Sales of Ladies' Suits and Waists Braids and Laces |
JC Alterations extra — no exchanges — no returns. 25 ° va l**es, flc j
I About 200 light and medium weioht suits— broken lots— are offered, beginning Monday and during week , u , Where el .^f vvi11 [l™ \ f } nd a cha "9 e like this to bu y l he new 5 r i ids S
g while quantity lasts, at the f eatly reduced prices quoted b.low. The actual prices at which these garments for- g IZ §tMWv?fM SSSS |
{• merly sold for are given. No ex igg nations to mak i the bargains seem greater than thsy are. ; use i aC es, we offer you suitable and pretty ones at the same reduc- f
$ Also several hundred Washable and Silk Waists that have been slightly soiled or mussed in window and tions. :?
J? counter displays are marked at a fraction of their real values to close them out this week. 5°°° y**- of high-iuitersd fancy itiic braidiinaii the wanted colon, wch as black, white, $
i The prices quoted herewith are to close out the lot, therefore no exchanges or returns will be allowed, and 32j KJ f II C 5
t' beCaUSe Of th \ lOWneSS Of the priCeS alterations Will haye tO be Charged fOr eXtra. 10,000 yd*, of Point de Venise Bands and Medallions fat a great rariety of new patterns, b 'J
\ At$8.4O About 25 suits of Ai $I9.9O About 35 suits of At $3.95 s jlk Waists in 1J s ht S^td^X^^^ 5
*„ mixtures that formerly sold veiling, Sicilians, cheviots blues, white and red, of —•¦^™—^^^.^^____ %
91 up to $12.45. and fancy mixtures, formerly sod up to $30. • which the former prices range up to $7.75 each. ™"~^™" M
$ At $14.95 Ab ? ut 75 suits of At 63c Washable Waists of At $6.50 Cre P e de Chine and S®$@S Of DreSS LlMnUS : J
V cheviots and mixtures — M^ tm ****** ]awns and other shcer mate . *r Silk Waists in pretty even- m ... - wit ' *
fc| formerly sod at $21.50. rVs that ibrmirly so'd up to J; each. Many extra larg; ing shades of pink, red, green, b'uc, and white, &&\AfEtHM &iMK$ SSffftm SmHGMmS %
k* £14 dti"? S3 EZ. About SO SllitS Of and sma11 as wcU " meilum « izes ar = included in ths lot. a l 80 black; former prices up to $ 1 z. 50. -F 9 #•«•_#* 5
t At $17.45 ™ insults 01 £ fg - Pretty suk Waists jn M gg gs I sma P H * um 5 ber of Dressmakers' Sundries ' j
jf amines and broadcloth?, formerly sold up to evening shades, the former m *f*+* m +*** fi ne Allover Lace Waists, Black Mercerized Sateen LltiingS, 36 inches Wide, 2L •*
K prices of which ranged up to $5.00 each. the former prices of which were $13.50 and $15. satin-like finish, soft make, suitable for underskirts as well "9g£g-% \
ir — " as dress linings; worth 25c per yard, sale price this week, 'OC7 x
I £$i*©$& GOOtiS StitiS iBSS&Glk SHlk& Black Sewing Silk— Guaranteed best quality made, but £
».* _, • ¦ mmmm m mmm '• being marked on each spool factory ends, and having a Oflf*» «2
$ Alt Extraordinary Saie ThlS Week few joinings, we make the special sale price per large spool |
$ Thousands of yards of the finest black silks in weaves suitable for costumes, skirts, coats, linings, etc., at the Dress Shields— 200 dozen white, nainsook-covered, {
$ lowest prices the big store has ever quoted. Small dealers cannot buy these silks for the prices we are going to light-weight Dress Shields, size 3; extra good value at 12c <yg* *
$ Sell them to you for during the coming week. per pair. Monday and during the week, sale price . . . j
g And the dress goods offering of granite suitings, Panamas, canvas suitings, and other materials at sixty-three Above shields per dozen, soc. J
fc * cents a yard will surprise the most experienced shoppers. But here are the items: ' Peet »' Hooks » nd E >". two dozen for • too Nicked safety pin», 3 we*, d<». .. 30 J
& mm *~± m *-* +* ¦# m ¦_>« mmm m **.mm* -. t»j Sewing Machine Needles, i for . . . So Feathsr-stitched Bra : .d, 6-yd. piece . . lOO 3t
f DreSS GoOtlS 63C Ydm The Black SllkS 36-mch Guaranteed BlacK Tafleta— Pure dye, very skirt 6 B aid shrunk> s . yd -» pi:ce ¦ Wo Soft Rubber Ha : r Catlerh card . . . 25c *
S 48-inch Tweed Suitinft— In shades of brown, navy, /7«/r/;///. f tf«/, // a C/,//rc brilliant fini»h, suitable for any kind of a garment, Hump Hooks and Eyes, black or silver, 2# O Hookon Hose Su ?P orten, all colors pair 25O 5
„ red a^fback and whhe effects. ; " 4 WaltUeS jllie &aude2>0ieS. fine wearing fabric, instead of 1. 5 O per yard, Corduroy Dress Bindings yd 5 C Security, Loose Lock Comb, each .. Wo 5
i 52-mch Granite SviUni-An exceptional quality in 3 grades guaranteed Black Taffetas. during the silk, sale . . . £;. . . . §1.16 New Linings $
hi choice shade* ot gray, tan, navy, brown and red. . Several Styles \CllOlCe LxreiiaaineS. 27-inch Black Tallcta — Two makes in this width, a Whalebone Casing, lilk »ti ched, piece . tOo Sampson All- Silk Lining, yd. . . , . SQo '%
$ 4S-inch Plaid Mistral— In b'uc and green only. 27-lnch- black Pcav dcSoie— Absolutely pure dye, good guaranteed quality, and a very fine Swiss Silk CoLar Feitherbone, yd 1 . . . 8o 36-b. Skirt Lining (looks like taffeu),
* SO-inch Panama and Canvas Suiting - In pretty extra heavy grade, .uitab.e for any kind of garment, weave, worth > 1.00 and $ 1.25 per yard L price Me'LbUVt^' 36 L\ ail colon* .' 20o *
£ .hade, of tan, brown and castor; very esirable good, .for winter » ear. worth #1. 5 O the yard, during our great black fik during the Silk sale . O7C 3 do>. . . 2OC SUk and Wool Morons, all iolors, yd. BOO %
* DlackandWhitcWoolPlaids--Very C hoiceIot.nd C ed. 8alc J .' . . V . . . . B . . S . . § f f6 21 . mch BIacK TaKcta _Never sold less than 85c - S
t begt IV Monir tr^i&'gfiEL black PcavdeSolc-An extra h^ q uality regularly 0 g Uatee wovcn on eve'ry yard, — |
twL Entity U your choicf at.. ff^C 2*C,35C, 5OC VellingS |
I Suit Patterns, f7.5O great black .ilk sale this week only . ' . . S8C S S r C black C si'rs d aIc Vh ard W ° rth $l '°°'gg C BeigintMtg MOnUBy, I6O \
\ 2I 'Jf k c l b u^ff v , dc a So d ic ~ An d e rf^ Anot U h"r g iot C o! GVenadincs-in striped 'and ' figured .Another of the big store's phenomenal veiling offering— |
J. pece for a complete costume, worth $15.00, $17.50, ?20. 00, N we wo 51.-5 a y ., price u ng t . s. »^S7C effects, that wUl make very handsome gowns for street or beginning Monday and during Week While the Several 5
fc- {22.50 eacb, beginning Men :ay and during "T gSffh 20-mch blacK PcaU dc SoiC— i>WlSS make, a good heavy evening wear, worth 51.25 a yard, special price during the , , ° - 7 vAr , u „ j !«„«.- , A rt C,^^ oroArfm^f X
K week while quantity »uit . . . . . & I .OU grade that will wear wcii, worth 8 5 c yd., during silk sale qj o S uk sale. ...... . . ... ..... . 87c thousand yards on hand lasts, we otter a tine assortment J
\ - ,. . . of novelty veiling.'in black Tuxedo, black dotted Tuxedo, J
i ' g%t B^ZSiBB FE"a&a&siaxl!<Gi : v ; • and black and white mixed veiling; in all the new and *
\ &***& u * r **" reannGMS pbpular designs, worth 25c, 35c and 50c per.... f/J^ :?
£ Monday and During the Week yard, for : :." vtjr i
i The stylish printed makes from France — ;he unshrinkable Scotch productions, and the equally attrac- $
£ tive makes from the looms in our own country are here in ample profusion. To start up the season's business we , « . 82i~M*mU D*%44ag%g%**tcL %
g shall for the^ coming week forget cost and place on our counters many lots in the most pleasing styles at prices we OS1#© OiSiCK reniCO&MS *
* have never keen equaled for similar qualities. • $1m5O Values for 99o }*
$ Fine French Flannels— Everv Diece new ctc>; a +* c vaIuc ' markcd for this weck ' 8 OiJ ** Printed German Eiderdown Flannels— In Persian $3.00 Values for $1.98 3»
i in rirh Pprci^n pfcrtc npw h-r • selling, yard effects and tancy stripes; yard f5c Mercerized Black. PetUcoals— Fu» widths, wide accordion flounce, trimmed %
* dered and StriDed desiens a well- Printed ITanneb-For wrappers, kimon.,, waist,, etc. Canton Flannels-Beached or unb'eached; good wnh rose ruchings, tucked ruffle, and full flounce underneath; another style |
K aerea ana Stnpea aeSlgnS, a Weil Hundreds ot styles m the ioc flannel back i hcavv makes; yard t2*Ac ¦ made with Van Dyke accord.on pleated flounce with 2 inch tucked ruffle, X
I knOWn 7 5C per yard make, Specially WMVC; th5$ wc X ck *^° C JQ Oam flan ncls-The so'id close Ambskeag make, in «H trapped seams and full flounce underneath, worth fi.jo. qq «
* priced for this Week's Jjl*&0* . ' ',*''/' .. fancy effects and solid co'ors; yard . . . . JQc Monday and during week on special saie at %*%*%* %
I selling . . . m *^%> Eiderdown Jlannels-In fancy colorings for smoking teIord SuiUn g s _ Ne w makes, suitable for Mercerized Italian Cloth Pctticoats-With deep bias flounce with cording, hav. g
Jf jackets, negligee wrappers, etc., the 50c kmdU per » aimy waht$j M whM> and with co:orcd groun d s; i ng wide rose rucbing in co.ors, such as black with white, purple with black, X
IT All-Wcol Flannels— 1° natural grays, blue grays, etc. y ard • . . • . ... .' 35c yar d. i '. . .. . . . . . 65c red with black, and green with black. All strapped scams and extra wide £
J. The fine twi.lcd makes, heavy solid fabric, suitable Embroidered White Flannels— Neat, deep work; for White Oxfords— A good grade, 32 inches wide, and flounce with dust ruffle underneath; worth I3. 00, this week's gf GO •*
£ for house dresses, skirrs, blouses, under pettcoats, skirts, etc.; per yard 6O0 a verv special value; per yard ...... fSo ""= P»« &Ma%7€» •{
\ ) 1 j*
I .Fall Millinery I Best Furniture—lowest Prices I A te f» t ° f h c ? r !* iag SL. -
|: ** ., \ A small lot of these handsome Whitney .5
S/^SS^^to^^^^^,. Exclusive -i^^^^i Sale Music Cabinets— S uartcr - sawed oak or imitation mah °g- sx Biby Carriages, varnished reed body, tap- '^
. ¦ __ .._ .' g— g£^^n^^g anv, in the tasteful EtyUs shown in picture; 6 compartments *?* **& rifj) t£ =g- -_S "^¦vr— J^^^^» ac f r ,, nnhnictorinrr *f£ZZz*^ ~K
i N^^^S^fe^^, Beautiful, W^W^m f ° ;mus ' c; worth u a - 5 ° ; ..... .*&/*&>& M^^^^s^S,^^ Sl y upnoisienng x
J Established VWWl^im SaIe Music Benches— AL mahogany, with flared ends, French Vfj JT~- =^-i^S^:^^^i with plllSh TOll fe^^^ffiL^^ '5
I Paris^m^dTfrom W WM W | V wkh
i $Wh% JJ^^^M^ SUCh notable milliners %M \$}fjlm cdg=rl!irr^in^ackj plenty of brie a brae; ,s -«-. 'J' £ some design of reed work on^side, I?
lllwfe'^^^r Vi 1 Ot> P " Y^ nne ' fM Wftil n ' yiSCMhe o)hcr'Airlor'cabincts,$iS.5o'to'$fs 5 .oo. ' E, b^'and^Iu uZ *
% a W.Wlll/i V Caroline KeDOUX, M . 3 .p iccc p ar l or Suit— All mahogany; Pedestals -In golden oak, also mahogany color; two improvements, worth 59.50, Mon-^Sj^^p^^^^ J
tt mw!$r V> >^- Louise Piyolj American f^J- -upholstered in high-clasi sKk 0% g%g% designs, one in square outlines, mass've looking, thi other curved c!a/ only . . . £f* "& O0% (// [B/fflvx^zr^X/l A VV c *
J^ p" >^ models from Louise 9 0 damask &72.UU column with fluted effect; each admirable in d:s!gn g-Q ... . . . %f> £ B%J%M [V\/ \IJ])£ '%
I % J ° SePh> ' 6-F».^^ ' ' I
g styles for women and girls -turbant, roU brims and other attractive Other Window Chairs $3:25 to $35.00 Other Tabouretles, $'-35 ™ f'5-oo.' S3?\ BoyS* Saflor SuitS and Norfolk 'J
5 S^i^hit^X^^ hW^ nWlWIIIiadthe / Parlor Arm RocKcrs-Mahogany frame with .. Ladles' DcsKs- In mahogany, also birdreye maple, ptrric- U| .. Sailor SuilS-SlZeS for * tO 10 *
*> nn 4*+ CT QtZ inli-d work, seit upholstered in dainty Frrnch damaslc %?)MO.U%J larlv pleasing design, roomy compartments; a magnificent piece of W Jr . \T£>ur<Z mcirip of hp^VV blllP <*
* $*£.UU tO &S.&O Other Upholstered Rockers $6.00 to $ 35 .oo. furnit, re fo. the price. .............. $45. OO VF^TS^t € I WiT ' • * j t- a J UIUC .J
k; Bl«ck Hats That Need but Uttle Trimming, in great variety. The« v *^ .. *T«'Y.*' s^J?J^^^ CheVIOt, made handsomely, °5
J are made of cheniiie, jet, velvet, siik and novelty braids, and arc distinctly New line of Vemis Martin Fumiiure, Cabinets, Tables, Tabourettes. etc.. at fiopu- /F§L^frrTt braided collars and embroid- i
J Emart and becoming. , . J 7 /i P ' Ml- V\ j t. • u t_t t r 11 •
I PuUline 0! Trimmed Dress Hals - Many of them lar prices. . , ¦ J f HK^ ered Shields, blOUSe CUt full J
from our own workroom, including the new, style i and long, a v g00d §»J.UUvalue, g
J Velvet Hats, with rolling brim and ostrich plumes; - if* jl w ¦— PlT ra - - special Monday tf&y Qj{ ';
J turbans and walking hats of velvet and chenille C^flOJ©? and Tuesday . ,*P ***+"** £
£ braids, and the new effects in jet that are so pop- ¦ -a'' ¦ ' M\^\?l R _. «•-„ , nM BlIttUll R i otl .,^ a \u^ Aea 'iii $
i ular, Violet Hats of velvet and taffeta silk, and This is a furniture and carpet store that satisfies its patrons— no disappointed " VjVw S
j numerous other beautiful styles at prices ranging customers, all- have their goods delivered at the appointed 'time. We promise what . « ig. e^ « saa r c O^ ni color, rH b»w^ navy,- •*
1 from $4 M . t .$MM- iii^^^ii^lli^iiSii wedo n° tbeio^ to || I
5 __ - any Furniture op Carpet Combine. ti ™ :d:um wcieht » • eason ' $ newelt coloth l3>4S •"*
f ; Sanford and Smith's 10-wire Tapestries, $1.00 yard Boys* Fine Knee Pant* suits— Age. s to x 5 yean, 5
K c*j.»' » 4i\ . rr« ...• a< <A ; j ¦ made in double-breasted and Norfolk styles, strong woolen #*f» «
g Stinson s 10-wire Tapestries, $1.10 yard nuretuis, choicest effittin coloring . .... •' • $2.95 j»
t : Best makes 9-wire Tahestries 85c 90c vard Stfoot Oar Unlforms-M^ according to .pedfiwdon. J
K . • DCS L II1CIIVC», y- Wire lapeSlneS, OOt, yUt, ydrU - . fulnUhsd by th: United RaUroads of San FraacUco, of 26-ounce pure &
mj- , _ .' .^^ _ ¦ O^ttilt in :; 7* iSm OB wooL indigo blue flannil, trimmed in a fint-class _ «*
FlOVOdOVSk CigarS OmiW AXimnSWrS, &1.Z5 manner, ani n: guaranteed, only $1&.75 %
This Week Two Packages 15o eigeiow Axmmsters, 3)1. yu ===z==^ !«
f Regular Price ioc Package • Bigelow Body Brussels, $1.55; Whittals, $1.45 Men's Suits, $15.OO—Wo*& be great raiaw at |
| ! • ;¦• Smith's Wool Velvet, $1.25 Ar :¦
¦ These are our every day selling, prices, and include sewing, lining and- laying. t <»^" ;™*™J^ f"jM* biuz^d |
Ik *tt*i * * * j « • tj it. ,_ j j - j* i iii a. j_ j ji dIsiciC fiDriCsi sp cuddly t-niorcci y i*y Mr!% *^
j The assortments include the most artistic and salable patterns, produced. perfect fitting. Here for J
«'«'***>» "**'**;** ;r<*'*^^ itk^*< a «^ a 4*4 a 4^*4°4'4<«*4'«««1« a 4 a 4^*4kk a *k a 4 c 4^k1«^«i^^^^^The market steadied before the end of
the first hour, some support being given
to steel ' and other ¦ Industrials. The
amount of short covering was also very
extensive. After a brief reaction prices
again steadied and, following the publi
cation of the bank statement gradully
improved to the:close, which was steady
and -moderately strong. The one favora
ble feature of the statement was the con
traction of more than $4,500,000 in loans.
' A survey of the week on the Stock Ex
change 6how». tb,at in most essentials it
was a repetition of the previous one. The
market movement was again' Irregular and
narrow ; and ; always . .under. .: professional
NEW YORK, Sept. 19.— The opening of
business on the Stock Exchange to-day
was the signal for another aggressive
drive against U. S. Steel common and
the industrial list generally. So fierce
was th« attack that the decline in prices
embraced practically the entire list and
many stocks fotfhd new low levels. Steel
common going off a full point. Some of
the so-called gill edge industrials regis
tered severe losses, a case In point being
Westinghouse Electric, . which sold off
more than twenty points, with a loss of
almost half as much in the preferred
stock. Other issues that bore .tho brunt
of the J opening onslaught . Included Re
public Steel preferred. Sloss-Sheffleld, U.
S. Rubber preferred and Amalgamated
Copper. The railroad list also declined,
St. Paul. Rock Island, New York Central,
Canadian Pacific and Erie second prefer
red all making material recessions. The
break in the railers, however, resulted
from the heavy selling of Atchison stock
for a Western firm. which was recently
prominent on the buying side. The dem
onstration against Steel common was be
gun by a specialist who offered the stock
at 17%, and then down another fraction.
The traders took a hand and successfully
hammered it down to 17.
Prices Go Down Under
Hammers of the
Traders.;
ATACK IS HIDE
ON STEEL STOCK
control, the outside demand for stocks
being too small to merit serious consid
eration. One of the redeeming features
of the week, as yet unexplained, was the
steady buying of certain high grade rail
way shares, chiefly Atchison, the Pa
cifies and a few others of this group, at
almost every recession. The absorption
of Atchison stocks revived the old story
of a change of control. The coal stocks
were not in rn"ch demand at any time.
Rumors of crop damages came thick and
fast and helped largely to depress prices
during the early week, but these, too.
proved false in large part. In fact, a
much more hopeful view regarding: crop
conditions rrevalled at the week's end
and resulted in considerable short cov
ering. • ' ¦ 5
The condition of the local national
banks, as disclosed by the recent call
of the Comptroller of the Currency, is re
garded as favorable, even though loans
and discounts are greater by 127,000,000
than they were at this time- last year.
The bond market displayed a great deal
of irregularity, but there wa9 little of in
terest to dealings outside of tha largo
transactions in V. S. Steel fives. Tha
general market followed tho course of
thia security closely. V. S. 2'a advanced
1 per cent. the old *'a registered
one-half per cent and the new 4"s one
quarter per cent. The old 4's coupon de
clined one-half per cent as compared with
the closing call of last week.
Both Satisfied.
It pays you to spend four dollar with
us, because it pays us to make your dol
lar go a little further than elsewhere. In
ordering your engraved Invitations, an
nouncements, visiting cards and fine sta
tionery you will get tho best work at the
lowest prices. Sanborn, VaU &, Co., VU
Market street. •
NEWPORT, R. I., Sept 19.— Another
test of the submarine torpedo destroyer
was made in . the outer harbor to-day,
when the torpedo-boat McKee was tor
pedoed in her most vulnerable point—un
der her englnes-by the Moccasin. It Is
said that the Moccasin succeeded in es
caping the shot fired after her by the de-:
fending vessel. . •• -
Submarine Boat a Success.
CLEVELAND, Ohio. Sept.* 19.— At "to
day's session of the first annual conven
tion of the Institute of Bank Clerks F.-I.
Kent of Chicago was made president. As
vice presidents were elected to represent
the West, Middle "West and East, S. Lud
low Jr. of New York, R. M. Ritcher of
St. Louis and J. W. McDermott of San
Francisco were chosen.
Bank Clerks' Convention.
A policeman saw Collins driving along.
As he approached a sharp turn in tne
avenue a biff white automobile, with a
brilliant headlight, suddenly loomed up.
Collins was seen to drop the reins, stare
straight ahead for a second and then
topple from the wason. The driver of
the automobile swerved his machine in
time to avoid a collision. Hospital physi
cians who were summoned said the old
man's weak heart killed him and that he
probably was dead :>efore he struck the
ground. •'
NEW YORK. Sept. 19.— Patrick Collins,
65 years old, a driver in the employ of
the city, has been frightened to death by
the sudden glare of an automobile that
nearly ran into his team on Jerome ave
nue, at One Hundred and Seventieth
street.
AUTOMOBILE HEADLIGHT
FRIGHTENS MAN TO DEATH
Machine Suddenly Looms Up Ahead
of Him and His Heart
Collapses. . .
Excursion to Willits.
On Sunday, September 20. the California
Korthwestern Railway will run an excursion to
WilliU. It is the first excursion eince the
railroad has been finished to that point. The
ride between Ukiah and Willlts Is one of the
roost picturesque In the country., Kach ticket
sold insures a seat. Fare ror the round trip
$3. Leaves Ttburon Ferry 7:30 a. m., on the
return leaves WlllltB 4 p. m. Tickets on «ale
On Market st. (Chronicle building) and at Tlhu
ron Ferry. •
Folsom Suspects in Jail in Texas.
KARNES CITY. Tex., Sept. 19.— Two
men In Jail here for a burglary at Hel
ena, this county, are believed to be two
of tlie convicts who recently escaped from
the California penitentiary. The police
will communicate with the California au
thorities.
Negroes Lynch a Prisoner.
LUXORA, Mo., Sept. 19.— Negroes last
night overpowered the Sheriff here, took
out a negro named Hellem and hanged
him to a water tank, where his body was
left dangling this morning. Hellem was
charged with having attacked two little
negro girls, agfd S and 10 years. Every
thing is quiet to-day.
ROCKEFELLER TO INVEST
THIRTY BULLION DOLLARS
Will Erect Fifteen Large Business
Blocks in tha City of
Cleveland.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, Sept. 19.-John D.
Rockefeller has decided to erect no less
than fifteen large office buildings, and
business block3 in the downtown district
of Cleveland at a cost aggregating more
than $30,000,000. Rockefeller recently se
cured possession of tho' Weddell House,
one of the oldest and largest hotels in the
city. The hotel building Is now being de
molished and a sixteen-story office struc
ture will be erected on the site at a cost
of more than $1,000,000.
Army orders — Major Hobart K. Bailey,
inspector general, now in San Francisco,
is ordered to this city. Second Lieutenant
Charles B. Moore is assigned to duty in
the Department of California pending the
arrival of the Twenty-second Infantry at
San Francisco, when he will join that reg
iment and proceed with it to the Philip
pines. The followinc officers will report
to Lieutenant Colonel Thomas C. Woort
bury. Seventh Infantry, president of the
examining board, at the Presidio of San
Francisco for examination for promotion:
First Lieutenants Benjamin J. Tillmah,
Seventh Infantry, and George J. Holdon,
Tenth Infantry; Second Lieutenants Wil
liam H. Patterson, Tenth Infantry; Leon
ard J. Mygatt, Nineteenth Infantry ;Neis
Anderson, Seventh Infantry, and William
Korst, Seventh Infantry.
Navy order— Passed Assistant Surgeon
H. C. Curl is datached from the New
York and goes to the Boston.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 19.— Free delivery
service will be established at Chico, Cal..
December 1 next, with three carriers and
one substitute.- ¦
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Free Delivery Mail Service Will Be
Established at Chico Ne^t
December.
WASHINGTON. Sept 19.-The Depart
ment of Justice has received preliminary
reports from Its examiners who went to
Alaska to investigate charges , against
Melvin Grtgsby, the United States Attor
ney, and Frank H. Richards, tho United
States Marshal of the Cape Ncme dis
trict. Marshal Richards was charged
with attempting to Influence the Grand
Jury and other irregularities in receiving
benefits from the renting of tho jail at
Nome. District Attorney Grlgsby is
charged with a number of irregularities
in the conduct of his office. •" Marshal
Richards is completely evonerated of all
the charges against him. In the case of
District Attorney Grigsby, who was the
colonel of a regiment organized in the
Northwest during the Spanish war. the
Department of Justice declines to make
public the contents of the report.
Final reports are expected to be made
in both of these cases within the next
few weeks.
Justice Department Receives Prelimi
nary Report From Examiners
Sent to Alaska.
MARSHAIi OF CAFE NOME
DISTRICT IS EXONERATED
The chares ajrainst Wells and White
Krew out of a recent trial In ¦which It
was alleged the Jury was tampered with.
The two county officials are charged with
irregularity in the drawing of Jurors.
DES MOINES. Iowa, Sept 19.-A com
mittee of attorneys appointed by the four
Judges of the Polk County District Court
to Investigate certain charges of Irregu
larity reported this morning, recommend
ing criminal prosecutions against the fol
lowir.g prominent citizens: Ed H. Hun
ter, promoter, banker and politician;
Michael Drady. former Alderman: \V. L.
White, shoe merchant; Jesse O. Wells,
liveryman and former Alderman: R. F.
Coffin, County Clerk; Frederick Cope,.
County Auditor.
ATTORNEYS RECOMMEND
CRIMINAL PROSECimON
Accuse Five Prominent Citizens of
Des Hoines of Having Tampered
With Jurors.
When sold was discovered In 1849 Hank
wanted to rriska a trip to the ccast. Mother
objected strongly and he deferred the trip lor
a time, holding to the stage route while he re
mained in this port of the country. But when
he was 24- years of age, In 1852, the fever wan
too much for him and he went West. The
next time the pt-oril« at home. heard from him
he was drlvinc a six-horse stasje coach in the
Slerrs3. For many years he drove the V\*ells
1'argo stare from Sacramento to Placervllle.
It was here that he first became acquainted
with Joaquln Miller, California's poet, who
later won such fame- In vpree.
Hack was running out of Virginia City when
Horace Greeley made the trip to Placervllle.
which is described by Mr. Clemens in "Rough-
Ing It."
Nearly every one on the coast and directly
cast of the mountains came to know my broth
er, either personally cr by reputation, as early
as the sixties, and gradually his reputation
crossed the divide and came through the Kast.
He was an adventurous fellow, but took no
chances when his coach was loaded. He died
ltl 1&S3.
Hank was born In Waddingto'n In 1S2S. He
was the eldest of a family of four children.
Our famiiy was of the same orlglr. as the good
Vermont stock in "Eben Holden." Grand
father and crandmother came from Vermont
in 1809, making- the Journey to WaddinKton
through the woods. When Hank first took the
Waddlngton-MagBPna route many shook their
heads and said he was toi young, but he
showed the doubters that he was a natural
driver. • • •
Hank always had a desire to drlvo Ptage
from the days r.hen .he wus a mere boy at
Waddington, and eouli# scarcely trudge around
and was only string enough to snap a whip
with great exertion of hiR little arms. When
he Wi-a only 12 years olu he drove stage from
Waddingtou to Jlassena. and I nra told by the
i.ldcr residents of the town that he was a good
driver, even at that early age.
Hank Monk was a New Yorker, having
been born In Waddington, St. Lawrence
County. He was a stage driver all his
life. He spent his early days driving a
stage between Waddington and Massena.
George A. Monk, a brother of the famous
stage driver, nor lives in Gouvernor, N.
Y., and a sister, Mrs. R. M. Kellogg, lives
In Hartford, Conn. George A. Monk has
a number of relics thut he will loan Ycr
ington and they will be added to the
World's Fair collection.
In speaking of the proposed exhibit.
Monk said:
ST. LOUIS.» Sept. 19.— That the stage
driver of the pioneer days played an. im
portant part in the development of the
great West and fairly won a place in the
national history is evidenced by the deep
interest that has been aroused by the.an
nouncement that the Hank Monk relics
will be exhibited by Nevada at th.2
World's Fair. St. Louis.
It has been announced that J. A. JTer
ington, Nevada's executive commis
sioner, has secured the old coach that
Hank Monk drove— the one in which he
took Horace Greeley into Placervllle."on
time"— and will use it at the World's Fair
as the coach of state for Nevada.
In "Roughing It," Mark Twain's flrat
famous book, Hank Monk was Immortal
ized by the humorist, when he describee!
the celebrated drive by which Hank Monk
got the great editor into Placervllle in
time to keep a lecture engagement.
Mr. Clemens, at his picturesque Quarry
Farm, in Elmlra, N. Y., remembers well
the thrilling early days, and when infor
mation reached him of Yerington's in
tention to exhibit the Hank Monk re'.K-s
he said:
This announcement brings a weight of years
down ui>on my head. Thoee two names carry
me back thirty-two years — Hank Monk and
Verington. I think i wus present wnen ihe
watch was civtn to Monk, but one cannot ba
very sure of thing:* that happened In such an
cient times. I am only sure that I knew
Monk a little, and thai I knew lenngtun's
father well. I made one trio with Monk In
that old stase. I wish I could be in St. Louis
on my day next June and take one ride with
his ghest.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Mark Twain Says He Woald
Like to Take Ride With
Ghost of Driver.
Nevada to Exhibit the
Stage That Hank
Monk Drove.
SECURES A RELIC
OF PIONEER DAYS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 20, 1903.
26
NEW ADVEETISEMENTS.
ANOTHER OEBM DESTROYER.
HeiTicide Is Death to Dandruff
Germs.
The germ burrows Into the scalp, throw-
ing up the cuticle in thm scales, called
dandruff, or scurf, and digging at the root
of tho hair, where it saps the hair's vital-
ity. First tomes brittle half, then luster-
less and dead-like hair, then falling hair
and finally baldness. > Nine-tenths of the
hair troubles are caused by dandruff..
Without dandruff hair will grow luxu-i
rlantly, as nature Intended. "Herplcide" i
kills the dandruff germ, leaving the hair
to grow unhampered, as it does with the
American red man. Sold by leading drug-
gists. Send 10c in stamps for sample to
The Herpicide Co., Detroit, Mich.
Itf ' 5% tit 011^
C*ed ty American Physician* marly flO vtar*.
peans and settles the stomach, keeps' the
w>v.-e!s fre*. the liver active; it aidi
algestion and is "good for children, too."
COc.aadsi. Kt Droeglttsorbymallfrom
HE TARRANT CO M 21 Jay Strao'. New Yerk
. - i\ ; - ADVEKTISEME2ITS.
$oc?o»cecec«ttoeiSMO«seo83eo^^
IMY GRAND OFFER TO MEN |
I r ' n EXTENDED ONE MONTH LONGER. §
Q y^^^s. ' havc cxtcndci * m y grand offer of treatment at §
® / Ira one-half my regular fee to October 1st. After that p %
$ / vm date the offer will be withdrawn and my regular Of
O fe> «*r«* wk? fe " a Jain prevail. This means if you are affected <z
8 Pi '&* *53 wltn any uncomplicated ailment. I win cure you §
§ ( / Xy for $25.00 and accept the msney In any way you o
g L&S&L ij wish to pay. All cases accepted by me are taken s
8 J&9r*& V under a legal guarantee to cure or money refunded. S
8 iMft^ A My records show that three-fourths of my patients §
8 'sW%L~* -^V h3vs either been pronauncd Incurable, or failed g
§1^/1 // to iet relief from other physicians. I cure such 8
1 Za /• cases simply because I understand them, so If you &
<-> dr. kolsman have become discouraged, come to me and talk §
g The Manter Sp*.' It OVCr. . J?
« 1 claU3t - i I have become famous by curing the following S
t*~~~~ v. ailments: g
8 tort Vlto^ty ' I iCIdney and - 1 strlctar*. »nptar« ft
W jr«rrotis \>*£itr |,Bl*dd« Di«ea«eo Vaxlcocele, Tumor* g
» Special B.tfj^Td* I Orgraalo < Wc»kness I Xilaeases of tha O
g Bleed Poison | Frwnatnr* Decay | Heart, Iaaj«, etc. O
Q I make no charge for a friendly talk or correspondence. I have been excluslTO- 8
0 ly treatinj special diseases ot men for 17 yean. J.'othins .science can devise or R
o money buy Is lacking In my office- equipment. . I will uso yon honestly treat you w
rt . skillfully and restore you to health In the shortest time, -with the least medicine, w
Q discomfort and expense practicable. I guarantee to cure any eaa« I undertake. On* Tl,
W personal vlstt is always preferred, bat if you cannot call at my offlc* -write ma S
JiJ your symptoms fully. Many cases can be cured at home. FRES BOOK descrli>- S
g lr.p my Epectalty at office or by mail. O
« C K Hfll QMAI\i M Tl 720MARXETST. (Tcp Floor , 8. P. ft
$ V». «\- nULOlVIAIl, IYI. li., Hour*-* to a tally; Sunday fl 1 to 12 g
ADVEKTISEMENTS.
r <-*'^' J TT7v^-lf>7-IO9 POST &T". j^mm»jP^"*"C5338^MPi^^^ *
New Goods at Special Prices
We believe in 'oing things. When we receive a new line of goods
we want people to know it. We want to start things to moving without
delay. Experience has taught us that if we make the^mce right we get
quick action. ' . ,
• Just now we have a store full of novelties, the result of Rood Work
on the part of our Eastern buyer, and beginning to-morrow morning
special prices go into effect on every article and yard of goods. Just
read the items carefully. -
Special Sale of Silks
Our New York buyer has bought from an Eastern manufac-
turer a large lot of silks. We are not laying what price he paid,
but it puts us in a position to offer them to you at half-price.
Included in the lot arc fancy weaves in heavy poplins and. Ar-
mures; 27 inches wide, in light blue, pink, old rose, brown and
green.
There is also a lot of striped moire velours in plaids and
Roman stripes, 24 inches wide, just the right thing for Fall skirts
— every yard offered i- worth at least $1.00 and many of _^j 1
them sell for $1.25 a yard. We place them on sale to-mor- hnQ
row (Monday) morning at 8:30 o'clock at, per yard
Other Good Silk Values
Silk Crepes — The 24-inch width in light blue, pink, Nile, tan,
xnaise,- turquoise, etc., for evening waists and dresses; fiC c
special 'opening price • • U*J\*
Black Taffeta — A heavy, rich quality, in the 24-mch *7^C
width, well worth $1.00 a yard; special opening price * *JL,
Peau de Soie— An extra fine, double finished quality that is
fully guaranteed, the 20-inch width; special opening £# f\f\
price, per yard &1.UU
Tailor Suits. Skirts and Waists Dress Goods
SECOND FLOOR F,R5ST FL OK
$20.00 Tailor Suit, $14.5(5 — Made Illuminated Zibelines, 95c a Yard
of good quality cheviot irrthe blouse —Worth $1.25; the new close
style and long coat effect; cape over cropped kind in a full range of
shoulders; trimmed with fancy colorings and two-toned effects; it
braid; full flare skirt; colors black is strictly all-wool and the width
and navy blue; special CIS en is 5O inches. It is the proper Fall
opening price ipl' t r»OU fabric for long coat suits. Worth
$25.00 Tailor Suit, $17.50— This anywhere at any time $1.25 a
is a walking suit made of cheviot yard; special opening Q^c.
and trimmed with bands of the price Z7*J\*
same material; latest cut jacket Fancy Mixed Zibelines, 75c a
and full flare stitched skirt; colors Yard — This fabric is all wool and
black and navy blue; 01J Cf) comes in the long-haired effects
special opening price *pl i •OU in all the new colorings, including
$35.00 Tailor Suit, $25.00— This raspberry, green, brown and
is an extra special; the suit is made Scotch gray mixtures. It is very
of fine quality cheviot, and a taf- stylish and sells for $1.00 a yard;
fcta drop skirt is included. It has special opening price • 7C<~
the cape over shoulders and is t OL>
trimmed with bands of Peau de Black Venetian Cloth, 95c a Yard
Soie; full flare trimmed skirt; col- — This is a very, fine cloth for
ors black and *--xy blue; special tailor suits and is all wool; 52
opening price C? C /l/l inches wide. Comes in the mid-
V&O. UU night black and a full line of Fall
$8.00 Dress Skirts, $5.00— Made shades. Worth $1.50 a yard any-
of fine quality black cheviot and where; special open- q g-
triinmed with stitched bands of ing price yO\*
black Peau de Soie and made with Novelty Mixed Cheviots, 50c a
nine gores; special G?tZ /If) Yard— Strictly all-wool and comes
opening price <iJ)J*UlJ J n a f u n ij ne of new coloring mix-
$10.50 Broadcloth Skirts, $3.oo — tures and Scotch flake effects; 38
I lade of excellent quality broad- inches wide; worth anywhere you
cloth and trimmed with bands of go 75c a yard; special C/l^»
Peau de Soie and medallions; full opening price %J\J\*
seven-gore flare; special a»o r%r\ Ironclad Alpacas, 59c a Yard —
opening price V>O.C/l/ The- English make; extra heavy
$3.50 Cheviot Waists, $2.50 — and a very silky mirror finish; full
Made of white Matlaisse cheviot: 52 inches wide; the colors are navy,
the front is profusely tucked and new blue, college rejl, silver gray,
the trimming is principally large golden brown and a rich fa»st
pearl buttons; fancy collar to black; it is the regular dollar kind;
match; special opening qtp q/\ special opening price
$5.50 Silk Waists, $3.95— Made of \, fi n _J c FIR^T
fine quality Peau de Soie in all AU UOOUS a»Ot
colors; pleated front and back, Velour Cushion Bags — AH nev/
trimmed with silk ornaments, with designs, tassel trimmed; they arc
full Duchess front; spe- C2QC 75c values; special fp
cial opening price *pO»yO opening price, each. ... ODC
55;^ :^.v ADVERTISEMENTS. '
El 13} II iPi lilt) W^Sl Cl I T A I few* BaM Fj9 Uj gitpoMflJ VuL vGrV I Er*3 »| n fit * R3 5&v m * 1 § f I i P| } Jjj I W
KJS^SBIH VHp^^H^^ side rails. A bad for themselves. You will find BISc- crtdlt^ To "any ffiSft^^^^^^^^^fe;^^
'>n * 'in f '3! sffi 75 vast and eniiess var<ciy r . rom 7R' Eb1^^S™ :i :^mSB"^1
S^j^^l^v;?;lS^^;':H S14»€§ Botlv Brussels eautifui in de ~ $7C f\r\ P "1m olBBtfi^iiJnM
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Removal Bargains
i '"V • -* ' A
Many left, but time is short.
. . Moving pretty soon.
INVESTIGATE!
Alv/Xllvl V.Q>O VllCtgv
Established 1850.
j 30 OTarrell St. Later, Kearny and Post
Open Evenings.Cameras and Supplies.
If you want to retain In memory the
picture of some interesting event, snap It
with a camera from the. photographic
supply department of Sanborq. Vail &
Co.. '741' Market street, •
CHICAGO, Sept. 19. — Jacob Miller, one of the
grocers Indicted for conspiracy to defraud the
¦wholesale grocers, together with several team
sters and receiving clerks, cut his throat In
front of the Sheriff's office in the Criminal
Court building to-day. It Is believed he can
not live.
-A little Italian boy. booked at the . Harbor
Hospital as "Baby Doe." fell yesterday from
the rear of ' a wagon on which he was trying to
steal a ride. When he tumbled he rolled and
narrowly escaped the wheels of a passing car.
As Jt was he maahed a, tiny finger and laid open
several deep fissures In his closely cropped head.
Booked as "Baby Doe."
The Britith bark Morven. previously reported
at St. Vincent in distress, has discharged her
cargo of ecu:. As the coal was found to ha
heated and unsafe to reship it was ordered sold.
The Morven was bound from Penarth for Hono
lulu.
Jlorven's Cargo Sold.
SAN JOSE, Sept. 19. — A peculiar making
of a will was witnessed at the bedsldo of
Tanuchl Shokura, a victim of the Japanese
shooting last week at the Red Cress Sani
tarium on Friday. | In order, to make the will
legal In Japan, where most of the. estate is
situated, the dying man and three witnesses
had to slpm It with their fingernails dipped In
ink.
Shokura. at the time his wife was killed
by Kudow, who committed sulcidt>, was shot
In the back. For a week he lived with his
Dying Japanese Inscribes His Mark
, on a Paper Disposing of .-" *
Property.
FINOEENAEL FOB PEN
MAKES A WILL LEGAL
nent Sir H. D. Loveland, chairman, and
Sir Knight J. W. Anderson, secretary.
The members of the executive committee
are: H: D. Loveland, B. P. Flint, Col
onel F. TV. Sumner, George D. Metcalf,
J. C. Campbell, John P. Fraser, W. F.
Pierce, W. D. Knights, George Salns
baugh,\ J. ¦ F. Merrill. J. W. Anderson.
R. B. Moore, George H. Umbsen, "W. E.
Price, R. .¦ W. Campbell, Thomas H.
Browne, J. W. McClymonds, Captain R.
P. Hurlbutand Charles Lord Field.
•plnal cord severed. ' He "" had Just strength
enough left to fix his mark and died a few
minutes after. Shokura's estate amounts to
$3500. Mrs. Shokura. who was killed In
stantly, had $1600 In the Specie Bank at Yo
kohama and flOO worth of property In this
city. .This became her husband's. Shokura
also had tlSOO in the Yokohama bank and $400
cash In this city.
The will was filed for probate th!» after
noon. The *35OO Is divided between Ta"huchl
Tlntaro and Yamagaml Uyenjone, relatives,
living In Japan.
He appears to tie about 4 years old. bnt all tha
Information obtainable from the little patient
was that he lived on Telegraph Hill, attended
kindergarten, and thought his mother would, be
calling him.
Tho commanderies of the Golden -State,
under the guiding hand of the Grand Com
mandery of this jurisdiction, are prepar
ing to extend a most generous and hos
pitable welcome to their fraters and their
friends from foreign jurisdictions and
they propose to make the coming triennial
conclave tho most famous ever recorded
In the annals of, Templar encampments.
The committee has ordered a souvenir
badge, that for beauty surpasses any
previously got up, and, as one of the
prominent members of the order said a
few days since, "When California Tem
plars say that they will do something
they are going to do it, and nothing will
stop them."
A feature of the many brilliant events
that are scheduled for the week is the
series of competitive drills, for which very
elaborate plans have been formed.
Trophies which will represent the finest
creation of the Jewelers' art and amount
in the aggregate to nearly $25,000, the larg
est amount every set aside for such a
purpose, will excite the ambition of com
peting commanderies and drill crops and
prove an Inspiration for excellence in drill.
"For each event in this competitive
series." said Captain Reuben P. Hurlburt,
chairman of the committee in charge of
the drills, "there will be three prizes, and
winners will have a chance to select ac
cording to merit, the best having first
choice."
A circular of Instructions in regard to
the competitive series has already been
sent to each commandery and a com
plete schedule of the movements will be
forwarded so as to reach the commandant
of each competing corps not less than
ninety days before starting for San Fran
cisco. It is proposed to classify the com
peting corps into three classes — first, drill
corps attending and competing from east
of the Rocky Mountains; second, corps
from west of the RocKies, and third, the
corps of San Francisco California No. 1
and Golden Gate No. 16. The competi
tive drill befween California and Golden
Gate CorDH will not be Identified with
the drills In which the corps from, abroad
will participate. These two Californian
corps will not compete for any of the
honors nor for any of the prizes that
will be offered to awaken the Interest
and enthuse the visiting drill corps. The
prize for which these two will contest
will be a special one, distinct from all
other trophies. Each drill corps in the
United States and in Canada has been
advised of what will' be done and an ap
peal has been made that each enter into
the contests.
DRILL AT INGLESIDE.
The first. to signify an intention to en
ter into tho competition is the drill corps
of Columbia Commandery of Washing
ton, D. C, which will come to this city
forty strong under the leadership of Com
mandant Wj B. Walker, one of the prom
inent citizens of the Distrfct of Columbia.
One of the distinguished visitors who will
accompany thla corps will be .Rear Ad
miral W. S. Schley (retired). Others who
will come with this organization are P.
IJ. Raymond, past potentate of the Shrin
ers; Judge Pratt and R. B. Nixon, a
thirty-third degree Mason and financial
secretary of the United States Senate.
This corps will come by. special train.
For conclave week the new St. Francis
Hotel has been secured for the Boston
and the Louisville commanderies. Tho
Palace has been engaged and all the large
hotels, public and private, have been se
cured for the accommodation of the great
concourse of people who will come here
withJthe Templars.
As it is Intended to have the competi
tive drill on an extensive scale, Ingleslde
track has been engaged for that pur
pose and It will be put In first class con
dition.
The triennial committee officers are
Eminent Sir B. P. Flint. Chairman and
Right Eminent '. Sir W. A. Davies, and
those of the executive committee are Emi-
•was held in this city during; the week
commencing April 20, 1683, but will for
splendor surpass any that has been-; held
anywhere in the past fifteen years.-'-'From
letters that have been received here it
appears the interest is intensifying
tnroughout the country.
HOSPITABLE WELCOME.
In September, 1904, and for months
past the several commanderles and the
driil corps in various parts of ths grand
Jurisdiction have been making prepara
tions for the coming event. The Knights
are not of the class that delay until the
last moment in arranging for what is to
come, but they plan long in advance and
when the time comes they are ready to
move without bothering with the details,
which, when delayed, often cause great
inconvenience. To show what Interest is
being taken, even at this early date, it
is necessary only to state that at this
time commanderies have already secured
hotel accommodations to the number of
5000 people, which, of course, includes
hotels and private boarding-houses for the
Sir Knights and their families. From ad
vices that have already been received by
the executive committee in this city it is
safe to assert that In the grand parade
that T.ill take place during conclave week
not less than 10,000 Sir Knights in mag
nificent and costly uniforms will appear
in line. It is expected that this encamp
ment will not only eclipse the one that
THE twenty-ninth triennial con
clave of the Grand Encampment
of the Knights Templar will be
held In the city of San Francisco
THE COMMANDANT OF THE COLUMBIA DRILL CORPS AND A PROM
INENT MEMBER OF THE COMMANDER? OF KNIGHTS TEMPLAR
OF THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, D. C.
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 20. '1903.
KNIGHTS BUSILY PREPARE
FOR THE COMING CONCLAVE
Plans for Features for Triennial Gathering of
Templars in This City Next Year and for Re
ception of Visitors Are Already Under Way
27
ADVZKTISEME13TS. 1
e We Trust the People. %
I THIS. WEEK'S SPECIAL 1
• \J \ S S %
g f JU=^ - •
e / Q— o
g Th:s elegant parlor table, 24s®
q 24 in., just like picture, shaped J
q top, turned legs, entire table 2
Q quartered and polished oak. q
O Regular price $3-50, tf» ¦* mn •
• for this week, only •
TT ••«• ••••••• •••••• • 1
% •
• • w#v^ri^ © 1
g \f: '] '^.m ¦ ' »
g and single sizes only. J
g Iron beds in all Colors, with •
g very good spring and cotton ®
Z top, 5-inch box and rf»/ *%'« 2
n satin tick mattress, f|ft f\ S
O entire outfit....... H^Vi.^J •
§ EASTERN !
I OUTFITTING CO. I
! 1320-1328 Stockton SI. !
0 You can reach us direct with q
q any car. by transferring to the ©
• green Kearny or Third street O
S car " 1 ¦ 2
We furnish houses complete.
0 Country orders solicited, q
e - — •
0 STORE CLOSED TUESDAY. ©
o o
OCEAN TBAVEL.
Steampr* !«ave San Fran-
*Oxi- : -^.Qiv cif^o as follows: ¦
/^">. j j_n._ " F "° r Ketrhlkar.. ' WranKcl.
1 I V?*)f 4 '"> ' I "¦"• Alaska — 11 a. in.. Sert.
I \ VUSif'iA A IS C't. 28. Oct ". Change
V^iv V. ifil *"' coarajur** ttearoers at
>^— -6y Beatuel
NjAro^iJ^ For Victoria. Vancouver.
*" Port To»tiwnd. Seattle. Ta-
ooma. Everett. Wha loom — 11 a. m.. Sept. 18.
. £:: St. <>ct ::. cha?.?? at Seattle to this com-
lanv-'s steamers for Alaska ard'G. N. Ry. ; ct
BemttSe for Tacoma to X. P. Ry. ; at Vancou-
m r to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboltft Bay) — Pomona, 1:30
P. m.. Sert. 10. 25. Oct. 1: Corona, 1:30 p. m.,
Srpt. 22 »•<».. Oct. «.
r>r Kos Ar.se!"s «vla Port Lo* .4ji(relfB and
TT-^c.ndo) San P!<»~o »r^ Santa Barbara —
far.ta Ittira. Bm^sys. 0 a. n.
.^tit" of Califaml.-t Thursday!. 0 a. re.
For Kos AngoJes 'Via San Pedro, tnd East
Far, P<^ro). Santa narhwa. Sar.ta Crux. Mon- >
f -r y. Han F!m«Jn. Caju'-f*. Pert Harford fSan '
I_-ji« Oh'^Tv?). Vtrtu:a ani Hucreme.
<"rv:)s !lay. 9 a m.. 5pr'- 22. 30. Ort. S. -
}-Jnnita. 'J j>. m.. Kept- It, "0 Ort. 4.
For Kns*nada. Magrlalena Ba'y. San Jo?e del
Calio. Ma:at;«n. Altata. La Paz. Santa Ro-
Fslia. Guayrr.as <Mcx.). 10 a. m.. Tth cf each
month.
For further information obtain- folder.
Ilic*t. la 1-ecerveU to charse steatnera or eall-
ISS <1at«»s.
TICZET OrriCSS — 4 New Montgom-
ery strict (Palace Hotel). 10 Market street and
liroaiway wharf.
Frelsht office. 10 Market street.
C. D. DITNANN. General PaFsenser Ajrent.
10 Market «treet. Kan P*ranc!«ca.
o. r. <& /y. co.
"Columbia" Sept. V) 30 Oct 10 20.
SO. "Oeorre VI'. E!dcr" sail* Sept. 25. Oct.
6. 13. 25. Only steamship Hne to PORTLAND.
OR., and short rail line from Portland to all
poSnt« Bast. Tirough tickets to all points,
all rail or -steamship and rail at LOWEST
KATES. Steamer tickets Include berth and
meals. Eteaaer 6al!s foot of Spear Et. at 11
a. ra. 6. F. BOOTH. On. Aft. Pasa. Dept. 1
Mos^craery «¦ : C. CLIFFORD. Gen. Agt. Frt.
Dept.. 3 Montgomery et.
oooceGcoeaeeeGooeesdec
I IMPORJAMT! J
g Change of Sailing Date, g
I S. S. ST. PAUL, I
3 For Nome and St Michael |
O WILL SAIL ON ~
S THURSDAY, September 24 S
• 2 P. M. •
A Isctc&d cf 29th last., as previously ]>
T advertised. **
• e
O NORTHERN COMMERCIAL CO.. 0
0 645 Market St.. Ban rr&ncUeo. 0
o«oo99eooee«o«o99®o$oo
TOYO RISEN KAISHA,
STEAilSHIP CO.)
Steamers will leave wharf, corner First and
Brannan ctreeta, at 1 p. m., for YOKOHAMA
and HONGKONO. calling Bt Kobe (Hlogo),
Nagasaki and Bhanghal. and connecting- at
Hongrkonr with rteamera for India, etc. No
canro received on board on dajr of Railing;.
S. S. HONGKONG MARU rcajllnjj at Ma-
nila) Saturday. September 18, 1001.
S S. NIPPON* MARU ¦
Thursday, October 15. 1903
S S. AMERICA MARU
' Tuesday. November 10, 1903
Via Honolulu. Round trip tickets at reduced
rate*. For frelsrht and passage, apply at Com-
rany's office 421 Market street, comer First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
F S MARIPOSA. for Tahiti, Sept. 20, IX *. in.
FP "a LAM EDA. for Honolulu. Sept.2«, 11 a.m.
k' B VENTOIUU for Honolulu, Samoa, Auck-
land erd Sydney, Thureday. Oct 8, 2 p. m.
u.ffREcmsfcras.ra..*ixTi'biEift*e«RirwB
fn^tOS^t.221 Barttt tl.tsrli. 7. PcaSe IL
CCKPACWZ GEHEiALB TEAK8ATLA5TIQUL
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE^PARIS. Jt^jw
Sailing every Thursday, lnstrad of -^EgfO
Katurday at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. •+*¦**:<¦*-
IS&SSSr £*!&£?&& ""F'-aS?
Broadway < Hudson v Building,
tew York-. J, F rVGAZl & CO
fcrc-ts 5 M«ntKomery avenue. San Francisco.
r-.rv'^ (.old by all Railroad Ticfcet Agents.
Kare Maud «ad Vallejo gteamcr*.
Steamer GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO-
1:45 a. m.. 3:15 and 8:S0 p. m.. except Sunday.
5unday. 8:45 a. m.. 8:50 p. m. Leave UlUJo.
• a m.. 12:30 noon. 6 p. m.. ex. Bun<^7. Sun-
lay. 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Fare. » «"**- ™:
tfaln 1508. Pier 2. Misslon-Bt. dock. HATCH
tROS. m _ mmmm mm^^
.Veekly CaU, $1 per Year
PRACrERS -.'•'¦{ ; >- PBAGEBS | FRAQERS | PRAGERS
1 BmiMi^ Green Trading Stamps Given with All Purchases Bmitfrs 1
¦ ' '*" bx. i nis otore* ¦>. . . " fl
I Six carloads saved from the big fire in the Southern Pacific freight l\
I . yards ten days ago. This was opt complete Fall importation. w
fl Some slightly soiled, some were water soaked and are still wet, some g The railroad company has made good its liability and we can well of - [ j
B still bear fte odor of smoke; many of them are without any defect. | ford to be liberal in th : s great sale of Csmfortsrs and Blankets. i
I Priced Far Below Regular Values 9
1 $2.co Comfo ters 95c Si-oo Blankets 69c | 7.53 Blankets $4.95 A
I J2.r0 • " $1.4S f4 :O " $2.95 fuco " $6.50. fig
I * 3OD " $l ' 95 f^-oo " $3.85 , J12.50 •' $5.50 9
i THIS IS A BARGAIN CHANCE THAT MAY NEVER. AGAIN BE HAD. ' i! 1
I Economy for Our Customers Thousands of Yards of Pretty |
I Through Careful Buying of Silks and Dress Goods, §
I Women's New Fall "Suits, #(*-?5 s y ard » Black Swiss Taffeta, at asc 1
r . ' '"" ' 'iii i \ A / P* ace d tn^ s excellent silk on sale a week ago as a test to |
H 1» ft* YY see how our customers liked it. The sale was so successful o
[a \JIkIl fc^f M^l\s* an( j t}j e demand since so great for it that we have bought |
P - out the entire line and exclusive right to its sale in this city. We 3
I A LL of the nev/ fall and winter styles are now in and ready for are very pleased to be able to supply this silk in any quantity— the 9
i /\ ih(l enormous business that will come during the next few price will remain the same always. It is one of those silks that J
H weeks. We are prepared to make it possible for you to eco- come as a great bargain. ctI „ _. A -. A • B
i H nomize right at the start. Our buyers have secured exceptional - fiLACK SILK TAFFETA p
|H lines of gartaeots at the right prices. It will be wise for you to pay 85c a yard — 27-inch guaranteed taffeta; worth $1.25. j p
M US a visit and look over our offerings. $1.38 a yard — 36-inch guaranteed taffeta; worth $1.65. ||
M . PEAU DE SOIE. I
1 »« . »* x T TAILORED SUITS $1#oo a yard _ 24 _i nch b i ack peau dc * so i c . T he regular $1.35 ?
H ?1*.'>'> — ISew long' coat suits, made of fine cheviot, in blue, quality " - |
M black and brown. Coat is made straight front, satin lined through- $1.2S a yard — 36-inch black peau de soie. Worth 51.50 a yard. I
H out. New tailor sleeves. Skirt is made seven-gore flare and perfect * COLORED SILKS. ~ -^
H hanging. These suits are exceptional values. os > • . cn \ nre A c Ura hs H
M long coat blouse suit, made of the much desired 4 « ' . »*,_.. i. r o- r anf i «i no fincv wa«t sillcs U
I fancy mixtures. The coat, is collarless, with the latest style sleeves. l ' )c a yard-Regular S 3 c and $1.00 tancy \%aist silks.
B Skirt is seven-gore fiare and tailored perfectly in every way. They M ** MMMM ""*"^"" M *^""" MMMM ' MMM "" M^ M "^"" M '^^"'^ ;
H come in gray, tan and brpwn mixtures. *~~ "~" ~~™^™"^ mmm^ ~ mmm ~ mm ™"™ 1 "™^~^™ "~^ "™ '^^ "
I $25.00— Many pretty styles at this popular price, and we guar- HIaVUC \7oilc >Uf A C'KtfffWk P nCOttPQ
I antec you exclusive styles which you will find in no other store. V €Uo OIlU V^fllllUil IVUC»CllCO ,
fl Some beauties in the lot. . . , __ ;
m 1527.0O and up to $5O.OO_We show a complete assortment of ±he new fall designs at exceptionally low prices for Monday. ¦
H novelty suits which are beautiful and exclusive styles. Not only the CLOVES.
I styles but the materials of which they are made are controlled 91.OO a pair— French kid suede and overscam gloves; two-clasp |
§j by us. and one row o f embroidery. All latest shades. Special. |
B SKIRTS • 91.20 a pair— The "Cupid" French kid glove; two-clasp. Paris |
H 94.95 — A new dress skirt on sale for the first time to-morrow; Point embroidery, j Soft and flexible kid. Fitted and guaranteed. U
M is made of fine black zibeline, nicely trimmed. Seven-gore flare with Sf 1.5O a pair— The "Verona" real kid glove: three-clasp, Paris ||
H train. Regular $7.50 values. Point stitching. • Come in all the New York and Paris effects. ;-i
g walking skirts, made of fancy mannish mixtures; All our gloves are fitted, guaranteed and kept in . repair. Also Fj
H nicely tailored and strapped. Perfect hanging. A $6.95 value. cleaned by a new process. A
I Some Welcome House- Gharmmg Millinery for Hosiery, Underwear I
I Furnishing Bargains the Autumn Season, and Children's Goods, I
H rr* HIS is a lot of house furnishings that The fall openings have come and gone. «p jj js manager has been very fortunate in M
H 1 f or P" ces and values cannot be equaled Women have gone the rounds looking at the j securing goods that can be marked so M
H in San Francisco. This department isal- beautiful creations of millinery, and now they A low in price as these we are offering. A H
a ways ahead with its great sales and low prices are ready to buy. We have arranged for this, great crowd is anticipated for this week's B
1 li and is not to be outdone this week. You may and to-morrow will offer some splendid val- business, and the stock has been arranged ac- H
'¦j'H depend upon excellent opportunities here. ues and our entire stock— and it is a very cordingly for quick selling. iV
I §1 Mr large one — has been looked over and the choic- ft
ifj f.V^"'* 05 - est lines of hats set out for your inspection. HOSierjf. £
9 $1*75 each— Large size heavy grade Mar- . You will find everything you want here at 25c a pair— Just received 100 dozen of §
I § seilles spreads; pretty raised designs. prices that will be sure to please. women's lace lisle hose in twelve new and |
;|. HEMSTITCHED SHEETS. $4.50— Navy blue felt bound with blue pretty designs. Double soles, heels and toes. |
! I 05v each-25 dozen hemstitched sheets. 2 and white braid and trimmed with wings and **« jblack. An excellent value. |
8 ya*rds wide and 2/ 2 yards long. Some are navy blue and. white ribbon. Very dressy. 2oc a pair-Women s all-wool hose, dou- 9
I lightly soiled b^in^windcL. Always sold . , 5 . O O_Turban made of shirred brown A Ve?y I
j it 75c. bpccial. velvet; large brown bird and steel ornament Hi
I .PILLOWS. .across the top. A very becoming shape. Kl.lt Ul\derWeaT. $
1 75c each — 250 pairs of pillows, covered $G.OO — Poke shape of black velvet and felt
I with the best grade of satin ticking and filled trimmed with three ostrich tips and two jet Women S. :\
I with good clean feathers. Sold regularly at ornaments. Ties of black velvet. ' 75c— Maco cotton combination suits; high g
1 $1.00 and $1.25 each. $7.50— Castor velvet turban with folds of neck and long sleeves, ankle length. Neck a
I CURTAINS white silk on brim. A large bow of three finished with hand crochet silk shell. Seams lj
H • ¦ • * shades of castor ribbon and ornament, full finished. An exceptionally good value, igj
j I 35c a pair— 250 pairs of ruffled Swiss curtains toward the back. $1.OO— Fine cashmere vests and French I
IB mX C MHo?dS WCrC *S.5O-Gainsborough shape covered with band pants; glove fitting full finished seams. 1
i made to sell for double the price. cream lace- folds of maline on brim finished Color, silver. Guaranteed non-shrmkable. A
B 81.05—20 patterns taken from stock of our cream lace, ioias 01 . manne on Dnm nnisnea » a
1 $2.50 and $2.75 lace curtains. Almost any pattern Wth broad band of green velvet. Pompon ¦£««£• U
B or style one would desire of malme and lar K e bunch of white aigrettes y UUdlltS . h
1 "' irvriTMCfOW B ftn^ complete trimming. 25c— Merino vests, made of three-thread 3
I EXIItKMUN R.OM. $10.00— Turban of shirred lavender vel- fine cashmere yarn and one of cotton; fin- I
; H 5c*each— Br^ss extension rods, complete. Spe- vet; a beautiful bunch of shaded lavender ished around the neck and down front with Kg
! S cial vaHe. Paradise aigrettes on side. A swell dress hat. hand crochet shell and pearl buttons. 'A
8 Leather Novelties. Shoes Greatly Reduced. I I Cushion Cord and 1 1
- £1 Tills Is an advance stock of the newest fall - " in n 1 JJ
1 m designs In leather chains, auto baaro and belts. • — Children's box calf or kid lace or but- . rncVimn T/xtxC 14
I 1 fffiJf^l^JS^'SFTS&^SSZ ton shoes; heavy extension soles, spring heels. * CUSillOIl A OpS» H
S ment, and for to-morrow make two ortnree Sizes 5 to 8. $1.25— sizes 8 l / 2 to 11; and $1.50— Can! . H
' ra exceptionally fine ¦peciali. sizes iij<j to 2. R , T . . r f H
I I 70c_VVrist Bags-some new ideas in that *1.4O-Box calf or Vici kid lace shoe; ex- CU shion* coVd- 1 hrgeTss'o^enTof colors (
• § popular baR which has been worn > for -the : past tension soles and military heels. A goocT heavy both pIain an ' d mix t d> to select from. Reg- Jj
: M season. They come m several new colors and walking shoe for the women. Reduced from $2. u j ar x %iX c values tl
'1 2^^ m \n • 91-«0-VVomen's box calf or kid shoe; ex ' ~" Cushion Tops. v 3
1 i-%!^wick ISrSd \iJ This is agfine tcnsion soles ' low heels « "»itat«S Morocco tops 50c each-New designs in lithographed M
. I leathec in black, tan and gray. This is a fine _ a , SQ fit {or misses w J jq weaj . women . s sho £. pillow tops; ovcr 20 su bjects in the lot. 3
I g f value. f Only a few sizes left. Always sold at $2.25. —^ — »^— —^ — — — m
I [Men's Suits and Over- • - t » — I — ~ — W 1 Clothing Oulf its for Boys §
! I — — — . m _ ¦ Up-to-Datc Furnishings " a 1
; B coats at Moderate — ~ at All Prices.
I . - For Men. H
; ¦ PriCeS " mmmmmmmmmm ~ " m " mmm We have one of the finest stocks In the city, n
I g '' Underwear. which Includes the greatest variety to select 1
\ H ru •-. -11 »w« «...«,» .Kt.tm.n «fvrV« an<i 45c a garme.it — Derby ribbed and heavy cot- from. S3
. H lowest pr.ccs. < $2.85— Boys navy blue sailor suits of pure ra
; M SUITS. 75c a garment— Boys lamb wool shirts and woolen storm serges; collar has five rows of H
; i S1O.OO— Double-breasted blue cheviot sack drawers; extra soft finish. Will not shrink or flat braid and neat embroidered silk design; fl
1 suit- the newest thing in this line; broad scratch. Perfect fitting. Worth ?i.oo. braid is red. white or black; ages 3 to 10 ||
I g shoulders and slichtly shaped backs; nicely ' years; worth $.1.50. .1
H tailored with the*best linings and trimmings. 1 ' 9 4 «05 — Russian suits; nothing prettier for |j
< I «ll.OO— Pure worsted \suits in all the 4$&J®&9 the little fellow: shield has embroidered silk M
I newest fall colorings; also blues t and blacks; MlS •SI^V 1 design and same on the sleeve; ages 3 to 6 d
U Italian linings and warranted keep-shape 3 *^ J&. **& fr*^ J$±^ j&kj&l&2 jG57 >' ear^- r » t*
' I 5?15.OO— New and nobby suits in cheviots, H 2^111^1 single or double breasted; they are made of »
'¦ M Scotches, homespuns and worsteds; all are l^^j^- WL ¥>&> M Jj> © £&? pure woolen cheviots; ages 12 to 19 years. jj
m hand tailored, have the best serge linings and 1^^*^ ASS^J^P • ?9.OO — Youths' suits made of pure woolen IJ
¦ P are finished with the best English shrunk fM * 4 w"lirA"V^Oir¥ ¥ A '£5.1 1? serges. Cut in the very latest fashion; M
B canvas and hair cloth interlinings; single and w AIUtVAIo JXB^JL^AmmMjK* coat* has broad shoulder effect and concave n
; B double-breasted styles. P> ISSH^l^SO MAKIC^T STi <0 * rfoNIS collar; ages 12 to 19 years. ||
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"Fairly Sparkling in Beer Goodness"
OF BEER, DECLARE
Superior from all points o£
view; Possessing 1 absolute pur- .
Ity. proper are and Honest
Flavor. Adapted to all tastes
according to Brew r.ud Brand.
EXPORT WEKER PEIYATE STOCK MUERCHEER
Ask for "5ZjATZ" at Club or Bar.
VAL. BLATZ BREWING CO., MILWAUKEE
Braunschweiger & Go., me.
5 and 7 DRUMM ST., San Francisco,
Tel. Main 1046. Wholesale Dealers.
.CUTflEERfif i
EVERyjLADEMRRANTB)
Bad way's
Purely vegetable, mild and reliable. Causes
perfect digestion, complete absorption and
healthful regularity.
For the cure of all disorders of the Stomach,
Liver. Bowels, Kidneys. Bladder, Female Ir-
regularities. Sick Headache, Biliousness, Con-
stipation, Piles and all derangements ¦ of the
Internal Viscera. 25c a box. At druggists or
by mall. RADWAY & CO.. New York."If I go into this deal." said the man
with a little capital, "what will you do?"
"You," replied the promoter, absent
mindedly. — Chicago Post.
Leland Brightsunitch, an elevator boy
aged 15 years, employed at the Columbia
Phonograph rooms. 125 Geary street, was
,caught between the cage and the door
way of the elevator yesterday afternoon.
He was squeezed against the wall, but
as the elevator was moving slowly his
injuries were not serious. The ambulance
from the Emergency Hospital was sum
moned to the place, but before its ar
rival he was removed to the Clara Bar
ton Hospital on Geary street. His Inju
ries are slight.
Caught in the Elevator Cage.
F. O. Johanson keeps a hotel at 6 How
ard street. Being a man of cleanly hab
ita, he naturally desires to keep his house
In cood order. It being close to the wa
ter front, he tries to keep It "ship shape."
How to do so with a coal bunker next
door is a hard task, and because Johan
son has failed his boarders are leaving
him. One cannot run a hotel with profit,
even on the water front, without board
ers, and that is why "Mine Host" Johan
son has for the present assumed the role
of a litigant. Yesterday he filed a suit
for damages against the Western Fuel
Company, owner of the bunker adjoining
the Johanson House.
Johanson asks the court to award him
$5000. the amount of damage he claims
to have suffered because of the presence
of the bunkers. He says that day and
right, without regard to his or the needs
of his guests, the company persists in
hoisting huge buckets full of coal over
the bunkers and dropping the contents
a distance of sixty feet. Clouds of black,
choking dust, says Johanson, arise from
the bunkers after the fall of each bucket
and this dust enters the hotel through'
Owner of Water Front Hostelry
Seeks Damages From the West
ern Fuel Company.
COAL DUST DRIVES GUESTS
FROM THE JOHANSON HOUSE
every door, crack and window In the place.
It dirties all his dishes, he. says, and
spoils the immaculate whltness of the
sheets and bedding he furnishes 1.1s
guests, which, he says, has given the
Johanson House a reputation for clean
liness second to none on the water front.
Not only does the dust do all this, says
Johanson. but it renders excessive the
laundry bills of his guests, with the re
sult that they are all leaving him and
seeking rest, food and recreation In places
where they can have their meals served
minus coal dust— where they can be as
sured a clean shirt for a holiday and
where they can sleep without fear of be
ing smothered. .
This summer's service on the California
Northwestern Railway has been very popular
with the traveling public and won many
friends. . •
Commencing Sunday, September 27, 1903, tha
usual winter schedule on all division* of this
road will take effect.
California Northwestern Railway.
CHANGE IN SCHEDULE ON THE
The monthly musical service of Simpson
Memorial Methodist Episcopal Church, corner
of Hayes and Buchanan streets, will be held
this evening. The choruses by the choir under
the direction of I. K. Blake Include Gounod's
"Sanctus.-' "The Green Hill Far Away" and
Rossini's "Inflammatus." The offertory will
be a violin solo py Professor Worbes. The
The usual monthly programme" of sacred
music will be rendered at St. Dominic's Church
this evening. The following programme will
be given: Organ solo. Sonata No. 1 in D
minor (Guilmont); soprano solo and chorus,
"Hear My Prayer" (Mendelssohn). Miss
Camille Frank; tenor solo. "Ave Verura"
(Silas). T. G. Elliott; chorus, "Adoro te"
(Dethier); organ solo, air with variations,
"Septett" (Beethoven); contralto solo, "The
Holy Vision" (Gounod). Miss Ella V. Mc-
Closkey; soprano solo. "Nearer. My God. to
Thee" • (Stewart), Mrs. L. Snider Johnson;
chorus, "Ave Verum" (Thorley). . At benedic
tion: "O Salutaris" (Wagner). "Tantum
Ergo" (Dethier); postlude, "Marche TtI
umphale" (Qullmont). Dr. H. J. Stewart,
organist and director of the choir.
The sermon at the 10:30 o'clock mass at
St. Ignatius Church this morning will bo
preached by Rev. Father Landry; Rev. Eather
Mahoney will preach in the evening.
Kev. Father Wyman will preach at the 11
o'clock mass In St. Mary's (Paulist) Church
this mornins. Rev. Father Carey will deliver
the sermon at vespers.
Archbishop Montgomery will admln'ster con.
firmatlon In Holy Cross Church to-day at 4
o'clock.
Beautiful Music on the Programme at
St. Dominic's Sacred Concert
This Evening.
CITY CHURCH SERVICES
TO BE HEARD TO-DAY
The press dispatches brought necessar
ily incomplete accounts of the proceed
ings of the American Mining Congress.
The principal interest naturally centered
in the advocacy of a national department
of mines and mining. The assembly in
dorsed the proposition, but unless some
good work is done the department is still
afar off. An authorized copy of the ad
dress of President John H. Richards has
been received. It is interesting as con
furnish some sround *«**«/»'!"*
tion of the mining Industry of the United
States. In a certain way these reasons
fu?nlsh some ground for work for future
P The e tfxt of one part of President Rich
ards'. address is as follows:
This congress must be the means of finally
of S a K r?c O U ltur a e and the recently created depar -
ment of commerce and labor. ¦ - 1
™ew department was bound to come and we
hall its coming as a healthy manifestation of
The tended deferred to, became to that ex
tent it strengthens a weak point In our sys
tern of administrative government. But we
will say that mines and mining
should ha "e a. precedence; that the raw mate
rials which- are the first condition and indis
pensable prerequisite of all manufactures all
commerce all prosperity, and all civilization.
oS by 'right to have prior consideration at
the hands of our law K lvers in the «»tablUh
ment of these Industrial departments. Tho
Grocer beginning was made with the depart-
Governments are placed In close touch with
th°« great and Important source of produc
llon fnd thereby enabled to Intelligently carry
ouWans for Its development and protection.
, « « j t j s these powerful and efficient gov
ernmental organizations, whose energies are
being already directed Into industrial channels.
ih-It the United States must cope with In Its
.future striving 'lor the world's trade so that
it must become more and more the business
of this Government to equip its people to fight
their industrial .battles.
The department of agriculture has broad
nn«l irarkets by . the systematic work of Its
aSentstn foreign countries: it has diffused
and popularized much needed information con
cerning crops, soils and tillage; it has assisted
the cultivator in fighting the p^sts that de
stroy his crops. It has invested agriculture
with a new dignity and helped to make It a
scientific occupation. We say that the mining
prospector has Just as good a right to scien
tific Information from the Government concern
ing mineral formations, the character of var
ious ores and their proper treatment for he.
too is a producer of the raw material that
Is a corditlon of all resultant production, and
this cooperation on the part of the Government
may give him just the Industrial chance that
: he needs. The farmer can get a bulletin from
the agricultural department that will tell him
how to supply -lacking ingredients in the soil,
and we assert that the average working miner,
the man who is, trying to make tne most of
-his Industrial -chances. - the intelligent producer
and good citizen that we all know, has an
equally Just claim to a bulletin from a depart
ment of mines and mining, supplying him
with the technical information in his Indus
trial field that may be vital to his success.
RICHARDS' ADDRESS.
The case against the concessions •will be pre
sented by the Dawson Board of Trade, wnose
evidence is expected to occupy two weeks.
The attack will be made on the legality of at
least six large concessions, including those
of TreadBoM. Boyle. Matson. Doyle and the
owners of concessions on Quartz Creek, auiler
Creek and of the Bronson and Ray mines.
The Royal Commission which will preside at
the hearing Is composed of Judge Brltton and
Benjamin Bell.
The Placervi'ile Nugget reports that the
mill is about to be moved from, the Snow
brothers' mine at Newtown to the An
cient Channel mine, near Latrobe. Snow
brothers have nearly completed their pipe
line from Sacramento Hill to their hy
draulic ground near Diamond.
Concerning the fight that is on in the
Klondike between the people and parties
who have obtained Government conces
sions for valuable mineral lands the Pa
cific Coast Miner makes the following
statements:
remainder of the excellent programme will
consist of solos, duets and a mal» quartet
with contralto solo by Mrs. Norton.
This afternoon at 3 o'clock Rev. U J. Saw
yer will address the mass-meeting for men
at the Young Men's Christian Association Au
ditorium. Mason and Ellis streets. A general
Invitation Is extended to men to be present.
Some special music has been arranged for tha
occasion.
Trinity M. E.— Morning. "Jesus": evening,
sermon. Pastor Rev. John A. B. Wilson.
Epworth M. E.— Morning. "Urhtenlnc the
Ship"; evening. "How to Mak« ThJ« tha Beat
•of All Years." Pastor. Rev. P. A. Keaat.
First English Lutheran — Mornmsr. "The
Division of. Spoil": evening, *Th» Gealus of
Man." Pastor. Rev. E. Nelander. '
First Congregational — Morning. • "Conversion
That Endures Persecution"; evening. "They
Took Knowledge of Them That They Had
Been With Jesus." Pastor, Rev. Georsa C.
Adams.
Third Congregational — Morning, "Th» Vision
of the Invisible as a Means of Enduranca" ;
evening. "The Law of the Lord." Pastor. Kev.
William Rader.
First United Presbyterian — irornla*. # 'AWd-
Ing Work"; evenlnr, "How a Business Man
Lost His Religion." Pastor. Rev. H. H. Bell.'
First Unitarian — Morning, preaching by tie
pastor. 1 Rev. 1 Bradford Leavltt.
Xewell E. Vlnson, tenor soloist «f Tempi*
Emanu-El. will sin* th» celebrated aria, "In
splrcz Mai." from "La Relne de Saba," by
Gounod, at the New Year's eve services, Mon
day. September 21.
Penlel Mission. Pin* and Kearuy stroets.
Rev. K. A. Ross will deliver the last dis
course of the two weeks' series at S p. rn. At
2:30 he will preach at Penlel Mission Han 43
Third «t.
First Church of Christ (Scientist!)— Mornins.
"Realty." • Pastor, the Bible and "Science and
Health, "With Key to the Scriptures."
Congregation Keneaet Israel will hold dedica
tion services to-day at 1:30 p. m. at their new
synagogue on • Russ street between Sixth anj
Seventh. The services will Da of unusual in
terest and will be participated in by all tho
rabbis In San Francisco, and th» programme
of music will be of an unusually high char
acter.
If Your Hand Could Talk
It would insist that you buy your foun
tain pen to fit it. The "Waterman "Ideal."
the Marshall $1.00. and all writing: mate
rials at Sanborn. Vail & Co.'a stationery
department, 741 Market street. • •
F. Tillman from Frultvale sent cannas,
amaranthus, herbaclous phlox, dahlias
and hydrangeas.
R. Lichtenberg sent seedling dahlias
grown In town, which took a silver medal.
J. A. Carbone of West Berkeley exhib
ited rare and superb varieties of chry
santhemums.
Either for garden embellishment or for"
house decoration the dahlia of to-day la
a most valuable acquisition to the world
of floriculture.
The maple room was very attractive
yesterday. The central decoration was
an immense arrangement of palms, foli
age plants and ferns, most artistically
grouped. Around the walls was placed
the floral display.
The exhibit of George A. Pope of Bur
lingame was very handsome. His general
collection included cactus, show, deco
rative and pom-pom varieties, for which
he took the first prize. He also took first
prize for each of his individual displays
of pom-poms, decorative, show and cac
tus.
Head Gardener T. A. Munro of Golden
Gate Park was very proud of his display
and he certainly had cause to be. In this
display were more than 150 different va
rieties, eVery color, shade, shape, size and
style being represented. Among those
attracting much favorable comment were
the beautiful specimens of Britanla and
Wilson Noble cactus, Joe Thompson and
La Fayorita decoration, and Thomas
Pembered and John Walker show varie
ties. Honorable mention was awarded
this fine exhibit
W. H. Crocker sent up from Burllng
ame a collection of handsome dahlias and
flowering shrubs. The Crocker estate
from these grounds have sent specimens
of seedling gladlolas raised by J. W.
Baege.
J. M. Halstead of Oakland sent a col
lection of cactus dahlias. " '
It Is only a few years since that the dah
lia was generally regarded as only fit
to serve the purpose of gracing a place
against the back fence or filling. in a spot
that was of no patlcular use for any
more desirable purpose. Its colors were
mainly confined to red. yellow and white.
Xow Solomon In all his glory was never
arrayed with the marvelous variety of
shadings that were so much in evidence
In the display of yesterday. Some of the
latest varieties are very close akin to the
chrysanthemum, others resemble the
carnation, while one or two varieties re
semble the rose.
The dahlia exhibition given' by the Pa
cific Coast Horticultural Society In, the
maple room at the Palace Hotel yester
day was a great surprise to the large
crowd In attendance. Not only was the
display noteworthy for the great number
of different varieties exhibited, but also
for the wonderful colorings and combina
tions of colorings shown in the different
specimens.
Maple Boom and the Show Is
Greatly Admired. .
Dahlia Exhibition Draws Crowds : to
FLORAL DISPLAY
SCORES A SUCCESS
Chief Wittman expressed his regret that
the ordinance had been declared invalid,
as it would handicap the department and
result in an increase of drugg-ing and
robbing men of money and valuables. The
ordinance was a help to the department,
as it enabled officers who knew crooks
resorting to' the aid of drugs i in robbing
men to arrest them for having "knock
out drops" in their possession and send
them to jail for six months.
In the McClaln and Lorensen cases the arti
cle mentioned in the ordinances was definitely
described and the use of it was made criminal,
while under this ordinance the use, namely, the
possession of an indefinite number of articles
the great majority of which are clearly capable
of innocent use. constitutes the crime. I am
unable to find any correspondence between the
Lorensen and McClaln cases and the ordinance
here in question, and, under the law, as I un
derstand It, and the decision of the Supreme
Court in the casp of Wong Hane and thfl
Keamy case, I am satisfied that .the ordinance
upon which the complaint herein is based la
void and consequently that said complaint
charges no public offense.
Under this ordinance every assayer and met
allurgist would be guilty of crime in conducting
his profession, for countless chemicals falling
under the ban of this ordinance are required by
them for use, and must be kept In their posses
sion. In fact, there is hardly any business that
could be conducted without a violation of this
ordinance. Every ' restauranteur. grocer or sa
locn-keeper who has In stock spirits or wines of
any ktnd: every hospital where anesthetics and
narcotics of all kinds are kept; every home
opathic physician who carries such drugs with
him on his rounds of visits; every dentist in
whose office such drugs are a necessity, and
hundreds of others would daily violate this ordl.
nance. Bvery retail dealer or household pos
sessed of colognes or perfumes; every barber
shop using bay rum or perfume, and every dye
ing establishment could be conducted only in
violation of law.
It must be an extraordinarily exceptional case
that will permit a court to read into a statute
or ordinance what Is not therein contained. It
is the province of the legislative department of
the Government to legislate and of the courts
to pass upon the legality and constitutionality
of legislation. Courts have no power to legis
late. .
The Police Department sustained a se
vere blow yesterday when Judge Cook
rendered a decision declaring that the
ordinance passed on December 19, 1900,
known as the "knockout drops" ordi
nance, was invalid.
The cuestion arose on a writ of ha
beas corpus for the release of Allen Dale,
alias Baliard. an ex-convict, who was ar
rested for having ' "knockout drops" in
his possession. The writ was granted and
the prisoner was ordered released.
It was claimed for the petitioner that
under the ordinance, no criminal Intent
being required, every citizen would be
guilty of a misdemeanor who has in his
possession a bottle of spirituous liquor,
alcohol or any other of the thousands
of liquids and drugs that tend to produce
stupor or insensibility.
The other side contended that under the
decisions of the Supreme Court in the
cases of Lorensen and McClain the court
should read into this ordinance the words
"with criminal intent"
The Judge held as follows:
The Firmstone & Richards mining prop
erty In Plumas County, situated near
Greenevllle, has been sold to the Droege
brothers. The Plumas Independent says:
With this property and the New York and
Plumas Gold Mining Co. in operation, with
the Indian Valley and Southern Eureka a
future certainty, Greenville gives promise of
becoming a very lively town, situated not
more than three miles from those mines.
The Redding Free Press says:
The Bennincton group of mines, adjoining
the bis Iron Mountain mine on the north and
east, has been purchased by the Plttsburg and
Mount Shasta Gold Mining and Milling Com
pany of Pittsburg. Pa. The property was sold
by John Kean of Shasta. The company has
nothing to do with the Mount Shasta mine. It
proposes to immediately begin the extensive
development of the Bennington group, which
coneists of nine claims, four of which are the
well-known Dorset, Yorktown, Bennington and
King. The Little Nellie formerly belonged to
the group, but it is not included In the pur
chase. The ore will be extracted and shipped
to the Mountain Copper Company's smelter at
Keswick for treatment. The Iron Mountain
Railroad passes over the property and there
will be very little expense in getting the ore
to the smelter. There Is an abundance of
water and timber on the property.
Peter Walters, the discoverer of the Golden
Cross mine, is back from a long trip on the
desert, where he fcund some new 'niter fields.
The sami>les he shows are rich.
Very likely work will be resumed on the
Julian district's largest tunnel, otherwise
known as the Oro Blanco tunnel, r When
it is completed it will tap the Kentucky
S and the Cincinnati Belle mines. The
present tunnel depth Is 900 feet. Other
mines have been drained by it.
The Los Angeles Jurrnal publishes the
following concerning the alleged discov
ery of new niter beds:
MINING IN THE SOUTH.
George Bonney has bonded the L. C. A.' mine
At Selbv -Kla.t, and has started .. to oi'fii It up.
This mine is owned by Jen" L.ovelady.-'of this
city. As soon as work progresses sufficiently
it Is Mr. Bonney'a 'intention to erect a mill.. .
There is considerable doing at Railroad
Flat, Calaveras County, so reports the
Calaveras Chronicle. The Jones gravel
mine is under operation by the Seeman
brothers. The tunnel has reached a depth
of seventy-live feet and is in gravel. The
Boise gravel mine is operating with good
results. The Miller gravel mine - is
worked. ' Chicago capitalists are working
the Lava Bed mine vigorously. The- Les
ter, Ellsworth and Beals mine Is under
bond. ; . - '¦'.'.
At the annual meeting of the stockhold
ers of the Poker Flat Mining Company,
at Poker Flat, so says the. Downieville
Mountain Messenger, plans were made to
Increase the size of the company's plant
to 100 tons dally capacity, and for the
erection of a fifty-ton reduction works.
George H. Willis, C. II. Molter, Frank P.
Roddy. James S. Lyon, J. B. Lassiat, D.
M. Lentz and Carl Berg were elected as
directors. ' . ; ; .
The old Rosencrans mine in Garden Val
ley district, El Dorado County, is report
ed by the Georgetown , Gazette ;• to •• have
been bonded to a Colorado company.'' The
mine adjoins the Taylor property- on.the
south. The Gazette says that the- pur
chase price is $100,000. The Nevada City
Transcript says : -, . : ; '.
CALAVERAS NEWS.
According to the Scott Valley Advance
the King Solomon group of mines in Sis
klyou County, four miles from Cecilville
and near the South Fork of the Salmon
River, will be largely developed by the
new owners, who are Eastern men. Work
¦will be resumed on the McKinley mine,
on Humbug Creek. Many prospectors
are searching through Siskiyou County
for mines. A group of claims has been
located by John H. Harris of Etna at the
headwaters of Taylor Creek, fourteen
miles from Etna. Work is favorably pro
gressing on the Black Oak and Gold
Nugget quartz claims ¦ in the Callahan
mining district.
The shutdown is but temporary, and you are
safiS in statlne that when operations are re
sumed a little later they will be more vigor
ously prosecuted than they hav« been for two
years past. The directors" are to meet in San
Francisco and it is likely that at tnat meet
ing a time will be definitely decided upon
when work will recommence, and ways and
means will be provided, btth Superintendent
Abadie and Foreman John Tredlnnick are to
attend the meeting; as their counsel on certain
points la desired. The Champion Company has
som« very valuable ground, notably in the
Merrlfleld and Nevada City locations, but it will
take money to open them up properly. I am
not in a position to go into details, but you
can oublish that there is no likelihood of the
properties lylngr dormant more, than a few
weeks at most. ¦
Nevada County miners are much inter
ested in the outcome of pending delibera
tions Involving the immediate future of
the Champion "mine. The company has
120 stamps on its several properties. Not
long ago it purchased the - Providence
mining property, adjoining. The Cham
pion has been, of great value to the busi
ness houses at Nevada City. The payroll
has Included hundreds of employes. Its
record of production includes millions.
The pumps are now going, keeping the
mine clear, of water. The Nevada County
Miner quotes a local mining man as say
ing: s
Chief Wittman Says Court's
Action Will Handicap .
Department.
Richards' Reasons Favoring
New Department Are*
Very Strong.
Judge Cook Renders His
: . Decision in Allen
Dale Case.
Nevada County Hopes
? Big Mine Will Soon
Be Running.
KNOCKOUT DROPS
ORDINANCE VOID
DIRECTORS PLAN
FOR CHAMPION
THE SAN FbXnCISCO CALL, SUNDAY; SEPTEMBER 20, 1903.
Robert Sternitzky, a tanner on the San
Bruno road, while spreading hides under
a fleshing knife fell under the blade and
received severe lacerated wounds of the
scalp and risht arm. He was removed
to the City and County Hospital, where
Dr. McElroy stanched the flow of blood
and dressed the wounds. Had It not been
for the timely assistance of an employe
who dragged Sternitzky from under the
revolving blade he would : have been se
riously injured. The shock may confine
him to his home for several months.'
School Teacher Suffocated.
Patrick J. McManus, a school teacher,
recently from San Diego, was found dead
In his bed yesterday morning at 320 Mason
street. The room was filled with the
fumes of illuminating gas,* which was es
caping from a bracket. The key of the
gas fixture was loose, and McManus was
lying In his bed In a natural position.
From the position of the body It is
thought that death was the result of ac
cident. Deceased was a native of Ireland,
unmarried and about 4a years old.
Fell Under a Fleshing Knife.
28
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TH«E VALUE OF CHARCOAL
Few People Know How Useful It Is
in Preserving Health and Beauty.,
Nearly everybody knows that charcoal Is the
safest and most efficient disinfectant and, pur-
ifier In nature, but few realize Its value when
taken Into the human system for the same
cleansing: purpose.
Charcoal Is a remedy that the more you take
of It the/ better; It Is -not a drug at all. but
simply absorbs the^jases and Impurities always
present In the stomach and Intestines and car- i
rles them out of the system.
Charcoal Bweetens the breath after smoking,
drinking or after eating onions and other odor-
ous vegetables.
Charcoal effectually clears and Improves the
complexion, It whitens the teeth and further
acts as a natural and eminently safe cathartic.
It absorbs the Injurious eases which collect
In the stomach and bowels; It disinfects tha
mouth and throat from the poison of catarrh.
All druggists sell charcoal in one form or an-
other, but probably the best charcoal and the
most for the money Is In Stuart's Absorbent
Lozenges; they are composed of the finest pow-
dered Willow charcoal, and other harmless an-
tiseptics in tablet- form or rather in the form
of large pleasant tasting lozenges, the charcoal
being mixed. with honey. • :
. The dally use of J these . lozenges will soon
tell "in a much improved condition of the gen-
eral health, better complexion, sweeter breath
and purer blood, and the beauty of It is that
no possible harm can result from their con-
tinued use. but on the contrary, great benefit.
A Buffalo physician in speaking of the bene-
fits of charcoal' says: "I advise Stuart's Ab-
sorbent Lozenges to all patients suffering from
'gas in stomach and bowels, and to clear the
conu-lexion and purify the breath, mouth and
throat; I also believe the liver is greatly bene-
fited -by the dally use of them: they cost but
twenty-flve cents a box at drug stors. -and al-
though' in some sence a 'patent preparation, yet
I beheie I get more and better charcoal in
Stuart's Absorbent Loxenges than In' any of
I «K. nr.llnarv charcnaY tablet*." •
ADVERTISEMENTS.
0000090000000000«eOOOOOO«000«00»00«M«eM«9
(IV OF r AKIN i
Dry Goods Company. |
COATS^AND~Slifs j
(SECOND FLOOR) *
We are now showing an exceptionally I
strong line combining originality, exclu- S
sivencss, and perfection of fit. • j
artistic I Ladies' Demi=Tailored Suits I
novelties Man=Tailored Ladies' Suits |
for Cloth, Etamine and Lace |;
autumn Dress Skirts |
and Rainproof Cravenette Raglans •
winter Fancy Cloth and Velvet Coats | j
'. — e
Our lines do not have sameness characterizing •
many lines-every number being distinct and different. •
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, •:
Cearr and Stocttoa Stretts. Union Squtre. ® :
£l Special Sale j
l^pfil == $4.50 I
U jZj A solid oak hat rack J2 inches J
ftjaj^i.^, .rXSa high ; 20 inches wide ; French ©
fig|"^"|ffl plate mirror 12x12; 4 bronze •
Hy full hooks and brass tray; supports ©
HS i -iy 1 have hinges allowing rack to be ®
|| Till folded if desired. We are also of- ©
Hn |M fering decided bargains in every g
||| SLi| department of our immense store s
y|j = -—_^___Jg I on our well-known "LITTLE AT A |*
I^^^S^^-^S* I TIME" payment plan. We can un- &
K]^*g-.^nfTTi^ dersell all others, as we own our ©
fl^ B^ building, pay no rent and give our 0
"^ 9 «*^ patrons the benefit in low prices. •
Largest Stock! Lowest Prices! •
The J. Noonan Furniture Company, f
1017-1023 Mission Street, 5
Above Sixth. Near New Postoffice. •
>ooecoo9ooo»eoooo©oo«e®oaoooeooee©e©©o«©9eoo
ADVERTISEMENTS. /
I ...FOR THIS WEEK... I
I Tailor=Made Suits I
I With latest style long silk lined coats 1 1
I in gray tweeds, black, navy and green |
g camel's hair, etamines, cheviots, |
1 worsteds and other popular fabrics, |
§ unmatchable at less than $30.00 |
| anywhere. Our &£ijey K^l 1
| wholesale price nP/OiOU |
§ 1 ...SEE Olif? WINDOWS.., ||
O M^^^ Wholesale Manufacturers %
| r~ 1142-1146 MARKET ST. |
'"' " ¦:"•'";;;:' NEW ADVERTISEMENTS. ¦
Example: Abundant hair plus dandruff microbes, plus a few years, equals baldness. Dandruff, falling
'• ' ¦ . ¦"..«•' .¦¦¦.'..- .
hair and itching scalp are cured with
Many physicians contend microbe has planted itself in the scalp or not.
On Yfill KTIrtW? that our school children The new antiseptic scalp germicide, Newbro's Herpi-
MJKJ X UU &>£IU VT • shou j ( j be taught the symp- cide. is past the experimental - stage. It was made to
toms of contaRious diseases, and also the theory and destroy the srerm that causes dandruff and falling: hair.
practice of hyjjiene and sanitation. Sanitary science and by coaxing energy back into the impoverished bulbs,
"includes the consideration of all that can be done for the it enables the hair to grow naturally and luxuriantly,
prevention of disease and the promotion of health." The Thousands of letters from physicians, clergymen and lay-
above description by an eminent medical authority fully men tell the same story of its wonderful success,
explains itself. All that can be done, it says. This, in
individual cases, means all that the person knows to do. AN IDEAL HAIR DRESSING.
Now. if the person does not know, he must pay the .
penalty of his ignorance. Baldness is a contagious It is fortunate for tnose who understand the new rules
disease, caused by a microbe. Prof Unna of Hamburg, for scalp cleanliness that the antiseptic qualities of New-
Germany, discovered that dandruff, itching scalp, falling bro's Herpicide make it the most delightful and refresh-
hair and final baldness are produced by a germ or mi- mg hair dressing imaginable. Before our Tcmedy was so
crobe that passes from one head to another, where it widely known we received the following letter from G. S.
burrows into the scalp and by multiplying and extend- Long. No. 622 Sala Ave., Rochester, N. Y.: "I made the
.ing deeper and deeper into the hair follicles, saps the acquaintance of Herpicide an Yokohama, Japan, bought
life of the hair root and produces baldness. It takes a bottle in San Francisco, was made comfortable and
years to produce complete baldness, for the action of the happy with its use, and I recommend it to all my friends,
dandruff microbe is not constant in every case. It is but now my local druggist seems to know nothincr about
governed by predisposition, by the state of health, by it. What am I to do?" Chronic baldness is incurable,
environment, but particularly by the endeavor made to out as long as there is hair there is hope, and a
combat its growth. and multiplication, at the time dand- course with Newbros Herpicide may bring results that
ruff makes its first appearance; for until dandruff ap- will surprise you. It has cured many cases of primary
pears there is no meanj of knowing whether the dandruff baldness.
DESTROY THE CAUSE==YOU REMOVE THE EFFECT
DR. LEWIS REPORTS: .sb^u-
* I I I used a bottle of Newbro's Herpicide, and was so pleased with it Rjj ta?2«£
I ir^ \0\ tliat I recommended it to many of my patients and friends, who have also P^^rv^A
roil' %•! found that all that you claim for it is substantiated. ]&©¦£</ M/\
Parrott Building, San Francisco, Cal. . 'Of* 3& tM
ISiHll • A PROMINENT MANUFACTURER
'ffiM «3jJ&£ After a trial of Herpicide made by our Mr. Cadogan, we can now state
f^ifjj. &S VR&t that this article is all that you have claimed for it. Mr. Cadogan's hair
'$'&! ra ; *vv3$ W2S coming out' in bunches, and up to this time he has used less than half Mf-v^^^ 1^!
Witiif' 't4^- : a bottle, and his. hair has ceased to fall. M^AttpLCi/
fesWt-h'S'&S i We hope that all sufferers from baldness and dandruff will learn of AS&Q&fflifir
''¦" W%^^^"' D y° ur remed y and tJ 7 u - CADOGAN & M'GUIRE. %^g£tt
7 ' Manufacturers of Fine Rubber Goods, San Francisco, Cal. . . • *
- A Healthy Hair. r • -Send.io cents in stamps for sample to The Herpicide Company, De- All Ullhsalthj. Hllf.
troit, Mich.
G.'k RAILWAY TRAVEL.
Traveled alone ri^ s=aES **^^B|^
and on crutches, 111111
"I write to express my gratitude for your V^VJnVx \\\\\\ ill
kindness. I found everything as represented '"•Tf \W\\\l\\kl|
and enjoyed the trip Yery much. I traveled <^n \l\ J \\ \u|\«
alone and on crutches, but I received every .•"•f^.li !¦ 1 1 1 iTI It ¦¦
courtesy and kindness. I have traveled on a nfcL\\\ III 1 I III \*?*S?i5"
dozen or more railroads. f*it found none so "'\»&\\ii Itl/L *C^^?
good in every respect as the Rock Island."— -J&d \\»\L/ iJaa± T*4JT
From a Patron's Ltlttr.
That is the way it goes — • ¦¦¦¦imuj^ "^s^^^^"
everybody who patronizes the
Rock Island's tourist car excursions to the -East is
delighted. Cars, route, porters, and excursion man-
ager are KIvjHT. .
-j^a^mwajg^ Tourist cars lcare San Francisco and Lcs An?eie«
rfry!3ffir&ni£i&W - Z™ E1 Pas ? : three times a week via Salt Lake City
H fllB 4 Ll M 1 1 1 If a:ia Colorado Springs. All cars via "bcenic" line ara
roJjjiyo C 1 ff J 1 1 ', '{ personally conducted. So also ire "Southern" lir.e cars
JjR*r^2!jje3On<3j leaving San Francisco .Mondays, Tuesdays and Thurs-
IfcilcXvjliilL*^ " f oldcTS K'^ia? full information free oa request.
WSS -S-H • 623 jjarke't St.,San"Franelsco, CaL %The St. Petersburg police hav« dis
covered a gang of thieves recruited
from young men moving la the highest
circles In Russian society. , ¦>¦
John Frye. clerk of the Lick, who has
been visiting friends in Sacramento, re
turned to the city last evening.
Editor Mark R. Plalsted of th» Even-
Ing Democrat of Fresno ls In th* city for
a few days and staying at the California.
Herbert E. Brook^. head of tho Asso
ciated Portland Cement Companies of
London and a delegate to the recent con
vention of Chambers of Commerce la
Montreal arrived here yesterday and ls
registered at the Palace.
Dr. Merritt Hill or Los Angeles ls at
the Palace.
C. C. Webb, a mining man of Monta
gue, la at th« Grand.
Dr. W. F. Arnold of the United States
navy is at the California.
William duB. Brooklngs, a lumber man
of Redlands, In at the Palace.
W. C. Patterson, president of the Los
Angeles National Bank. Is at tha Palace.
C. L. Webb, a mining man of Carrvtlle,
Trinity County, is registered at the Lick.
Jay w. Adams. Pacific Coast represen
tative of the Nickel Plate line, ls at th*
Occidental.
PERSONAL T/LENT10H.
The members of the General German Ladles'
Benevolent. Association held a special meeting
last night and passed resolutions of sympathy
on the death ot their late vice president, Mrs.
Clara Resensburger. Mrs. Regensburger wm
for a long time a prominent member of the
society and a woman who was noted for her
charitable acts.
Mourn for Bead Member.
Seeond and Folsom streets for Aaron
Kahn for ten years for approximately
$50,000.
Madison & Burke have leased to H. H.
HJul for five years the four-story and
basement building on the west line of
Montgomery street, south from Sacra
mento, recently purchased by the F. H.
Woods trust. The rent is $423 per month
for two years and $450 per month for the
succeeding three years.
The new "hall of the Improved Order of
Red Men on the north line of Golden Gate
avenue, 137:6 feet west from Leavenworth
street, Vill cover the entire size of the
lot, 6O:6xl57:6 feet. It will be a three
story structure. The exterior will be of
cream pressed brick with terra cotta or
naments. With the exception of the ex
ecutive offices, which will be on the
nround flcor, the space will . practically
all be devoted to lodgerooms. The cost
will be $60,000. The designs are by M. J.
Lyon.
During twenty years no property on
Van Ness avenue, south of California
street, has been offered under the ham
mer. On this account the auction at the
salesroom of Burnham & Marsh Com
pany, 211 Montgomery street, will attract
considerable attention, as among their of
ferings are the southeast corner of Van
Ness 'avenue and Eddy street, HSxl23 feet,
with two-story buildings renting for $480
a month; also . property on Sixteenth
street, income property and park lots.
Madison & Burke will sell at auction
on Wednesday, September 30, at noon, the
following mentioned properties:
At referee nale. 1420 California etreetj be-
¦with a two-story house, -on the southwest cor
ner of Green and Fillmore etreets. from Isabel
S Markey to C. H. Holbrook. for $0000; lot
25x137:6 on the fouth line of Height street,
112:0 W of Central avenue, by the Balrd es
tate, for $2750; premises on the south side of
Natoma »treet, 2T5 feet west of Seventh. 20x76
feot. to Kate C Perry, for $2000, and a lot
23x03 feet on the north side of Twenty-second
street "2 feet west of Harrison, from Mary
Long 'to William Edwards, for $2800.
O. D. Baldwin & Son have sold six lots
during the paet week. In the block bound
ed by Forty-eighth avenue and K and 1«
streets, to parties who will Improve hand
somely.
Oscar Heyman reports the following
pales:
Lot 25x120 feet on the east line of Twenty
first avenue. 200 feet south of Clement street,
to K. Jones* for $650; four-room and bath cot
tage on the north line of Day street. 105 feet
east of Noe. to J. Donohoe. for $2400; let 60
x80 feet on Merritt street, near Eighteenth, to
J. Vllovltch. for $2500.
The following sales are reported by the
C. M. Wooste.r— Company:
For E. D. Swift and E. F. Franks to J.
Fischer, lot and improvements on the north
east corner of Powell and Clay streets. 40x60,
with store and three-story frame building.
$11,000; for M. Dobner to IJenry I.ynic, three
flatj on the southerly line of Halght street.
1K1 feet west of Stelntr. lot Mil 37:0, for
$5000; fot Anna Qoold to Herman J. Relmann.
three flats on the northerly line of Hush street,
64:3 feet east of Steiner, lot 27x77:tf. for $5400.
AUCTIONS ARE DUE.
VALLEJO, Eett. Id.— Mltu Hel-ne Marie
Tobln. niece of G. W. Wilson, president of the
VeJleJo Commercial Bank, and eranddau5ht«r
of tte late J. F. Toblri. a pioneer resident
and business man of Vallejo. «v«» married
here to-day to Fred W. DuHer of San Fran
cisco and a prominent' member of the San
Francisco Yacht Club. The bridesmaid was
Mies Elsa. Draper of San Francisco, and H!ll
yer Deuprey of Eausallto was the groom's best
man.
Society "Wedding in Vallejo.
TONOPAH, New. Sept. 19.— As a result
of the verdict of the Coroner's jury sum
moned to inquire into the death of Ping
Ling, the Chinese 1 urdc-red during the
attack on the Chinese quarter Wednes
day morning, the 1 vonteen men now in
the city Jail have been charged with mur
der. Their names aie*F. M. Arandall, H.
A. Brequsig, H. Zimstein, William I^anK.
C. Gallagher. Charles White John Miller.
C. E. Felter, O. M. Jackson. A. Wilson
(colored), John Hill, Frank Weiss, A. A.
Bradshaw, Omar Sinks. C. M. Maxwell,
J. C. Cushman and F. M. Billing?.
The two first named are ore.«ident and
rtcrelary respectively of the local branch
of the American Labor onion. Nearly all
those under arrest are cooks and waiters.
Two men suspected have left the camp.
The examination of the accused men will
take place Monday. Everything is now
quiet and the citizens are raising funds
to prosecute the mob.
Seventeen Men Implicated in tha
Killing of a Chinese Must -
Stand Trial.
BIOTEBS AT TONOPAH
ACCUSED OF MURDER
LARGE DEALS MADE.
Benjamin M. Gunn & Co. have sold for
W. S. Davis to Albert Dornham the resi
dence on ' the west . line" of Devlsadero
street.' 66:6 feet north from Pacific avenue,
with lot' 66:3x157:6 feet, for 147.500.
The Pope estate, through the agency
of A. J. Rich & Co., has sold land on the
west line of Second street, 23 feet north
from Jessie, to Louis Schoenberg,' on
which will be erected a steel and brick
building which will -make the total In
vestment something like $90,000.
Raymond, Armstrong & Co. have bought
for Sydney V. Smith from John de Vault
05x93 feet and improvements on the north
cast corner of Fillmore and Post streets,
renting for $1750 per annum. The price is
reported to be $20,250.- /
A. J. Rich & Co. have sold for Mr.
Michaels to M. Cahn lot 27:6x120 feet and
residence on the north line of O'Farrell
Btreet, 110 feet cast from Octavia,. for
$10,600. "
The following sales are reported . by
Lyon & Hoag:
. Lot 60x122:6. with old Improvements, on the
«ast side of Mlialoh' street. 65 feet south of
Twenty-flrst. from Alexander McKay to
Thomas B. Lynch, for $10,500: lot 25x100 feet.
Many fair sized city properties have
been sold in San Francisco durinsr the
last week. The expected revival of in
terest in the market ls manifest. City
and country lands alike are attracting
the attention of the investors. Some
illustrative transactions are selected for
publication. The reports of the brokers
that are submitted this morning are of
interest because they indicate the gen
eral trend of investments in real estate.
Sha!nwa!d, Buckbee & Co. have sold to
Mrs. Mary E. Kohl for John Rosenfelds'
Sons DOxSO feet on the 3outh line of Geary
street. 27:6 feet east rrom Powell,
the consideration being: $195,000. The prop
erty adjoins the new Behlow building.
Rosenfelds* Sons bought it from Harvey
H. Dana for $173,000 only a few weeks
ago.
A. J. Rich & Co. have sold the Hotel
Coburn on the northeast corner of Sut
ter and' Leavenworth streets, to a client
of the Union Trust Company for some
thing-more than $35,000.
Through the agency of.O. H. Umbsen
& Co., Ella Broderick has sold to E. D.
Block lot 22:0x110 -feet," with L of 25x53
feet, and Improvements at 622 Sacramento
street and C25 to 623 Commercial Street
for $20,000. The Fame agents have sold
for J. G. Xisgle to M. Lewis lot 20x70
feet and improvements at 263 Stevenson
street for $7350: for Mrs. -Metcalf to Mrs.
Alexandre lot 22:6x64 feet and improve
ments r.t 16 Rondell place for $7350; also
for K. Kane to J. W. Hobson lot 50xS0
feet and improvements at 565-67 Minna
street for S10.COO.
Thomas Macee & Sons have sold the
property, on th« northeast corner of Van
Ness avenup and Eddy street for $30,000.
It fronts 30 feet on the easterly line of
Van Ness avenue, with a depth of 109 feet
en Eddy street. There ls on the lot a
substantially built two-story and base
ment rpsidence. It Is believed the pur
chaser intends to remodel the building
and make a family hotel of it. John W.
Fllnn ls the purchaser.
Transactions in Realty
Are Numerous and
Satisfactory.
MARKET SHOWS
NEW INTEREST
If the board finds this to be the fact
the matter will have to be abandoned so
far as these proceedings are concerned.
Should the board determine that the le
gal number of signers remains upon the
petition the Supervisors will have the
power to reduce the size of the territory
deslred to be incorporated, and as a ma
jority of the board is unfavorable to the
scheme it may be that the limits will be
so contracted that they will contain less
than the requisite 503 inhabitants.
As to whether the territory shall be in
corporated or not is for the electors cf
that territory to decide at an election
called for the purpose of submitting this
very question. The board cannot say
that the territory shall or shall not in
corporate. It can say, however, how
much cf this territory shaJl be allowed
to become a municipality, and having this
power it ls understood that it win be ex
ercised to such an extent that incorpora
tion will be out of the question.
Those favorable to tho proceedings re
alize that It is possible that the board
may take such action and intimate that
the- matter may be taken into court to
determine the extent of the board's pow
ers. The present cutiook is for a stormy
session on Monday.
REDWOOD CITY. Sept. 19.— The pro
ceedings for the incorporation of the 'town
of Colma will be resumed before the
Board of Supervisors at their meeting on
.Monday, at which time some definite ac
tion will probably be taken.
A large number of persons who orig
inally signed the petition for incorpora
tion have withdrawn their names there
from and those who are opposing the in
corporation claim that with these names
taken off less than the number required
by law remain.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Claim Is Made That
Colma Cannot Be In
corporated.
NAMES ARE LOST
FROM PETITION
PETALTjaiA, Sept- 1».— Bernard -A*»
theer, a young chicken rancher, is missing
from his home here. He left Thursday
without giving word to any one and leav
ing carpenters at work on a new house
and no one to care for his poultry. He
had considerable money with him and it
Is beared he haa met with foul play. The
police are working on the case.
Altheer recently purchased a ranch and
stock on the McBrown tract. His house
hold furniture arrived here last night,
and his father, Adolph Altheer, and sleter
came up from San Francisco this morn
ing. They were astonished to find him
gone, as he had written a few days pre
vious and made preparations to meet
them. The neighbors had been feeding the
chickens and the carpenters were still
busy at the building.
On Thursday Altheer told the carpen
ters he was coming to town to buy need
ea provisions. He ieft and did not re
turn. Later that day a man answering
his description was seen at a roadhouse
on the Santa Rosa road with a stranger.
iu left his buggy and horse at the -road
house and drove off with the other man.
Altheer ls 23 years of age. 6 feet 6 inches
tall, has dark red hair and red mustache.
He is sound mentally and physically and
has gooc habits. His relatives are near
ly distracted and fea- he has been mur
dered for his money. His parents reside
In San Francisco.
o-H 1 1 : i : 1 1 1 : : : m-x-M'vv'M^
San Francisco Relatives Are
Searching for Bernard S
Althear. ,
Chicken Rancher Mys
teriously Disappears
From • Petaluma.
FRIENDS FEAR
FOR MISSING MAN
Chatfield & Vinzent have sold for Wil
liam J. Dlngee 8000 acres of orchard,
stock and grain land and residence, nine
miles west from Cloverdale. Sonom<*
County, for $50,000. to O. R. Baldwin. The
new owner will raise cattle on this ranch.
The following sales are reported by Sol
Getz & Son: 1
Lot 60x100, on the south line of V street.
57-6 feet east of Fortieth avenue, to Charles S.
Wheeler ; 125x120. on the east line of Fortieth
avenue 100 feet south of V street, to the
name party; 25x120. on the west line of Fort>
seventh avenue, 100 fe«t sooth of H street, fcr
$800. to Dr. S. ¦ B. ¦' Koebicke:: 25x120, on the
west line Of Forty-seventh avenue, 123 feet
south of H street, for $800, to L. L. de Veuve;
25x100 ' on the southwest line of ¦ Brazil av«
nue fifty feet northwest of .Edinburgh street,
to E Sells; 50x120. on th« west line of Forty
sixth avenue, 125 feet south or II street, to LY
M. Worthlngton, for $1600; 25x120, on the wen
line ot Fortieth avenue, 200 feet south of \V
street, for $100 to G. A. Taylor; 25x120, on th<»
west line of • Forty-eighth »v«nu«, 112:0 feet
nor*h of M street, for $500, to L. Gallen; 50x
120 on the east line of Forty-fifth avenue. UK)
feet north of K street, to F. H. Irvine; 25x120.
on the west line of N'inth avenue, between H
and I streets, with improvements, for $3500.
A. J. Rich & Co. has leased for a client
from J.fi. Morgan &' Sons the southwest
corner of Mission and Second streets for
ten' year* for- the. total rental for the term
of 5160,000. * The SAme brokers have also
leased to Mesdames Zellerbach. & Levi-
Bon the" new apartment house on the north
line', of Sacramento' street, west; from
Hyde, for ten years for $105,000; also the
new hotel on .the northwest corner of
Northeast corner ' of McAllister street and
Central avenue, 32:0x77:5 feet, to George Wal
kor. for '*3C0O; the adjoining lot to the east
on McAllister street 25x77:6. to Mrs. M. Fo
garty. for $1700; for O. Harris to William \\\
McCormlck. three flats on north line of Cali
fornia street 150 feet'wrat of Ftllmor*. with
lot 51x132. and rents $150 a month, for $20,600;
for Christian Mangels to John Segate, residence
on north line of Lombard street. 80 feet »e3t
of Taylor. 42x130. for $67fH); also for Mrs.
Mangels to Paolo Martini, two homes on lot
60x80 feet, west line of Taylor street. SO feet
north of Lombard, for $C250. j
A special auction will be held by G. H.
Umbsen & Co. to-morrow.
Sonntag Bros, have sold 239 acres of the
ranch Parletis in San Mateo County to
Domingo d« Martini & Co. for $19,120.
Through the agency. of Chatfleld &.Vin
zent O. R. Baldwin has sold a stock ranch
of 1240 . acres $ear Mlddletown, ' Lake
County, for $12.0CO.
tw^en Hyde and Larkin; at administratrix
sale, 4T and 4» Langton at., also 22 and 32 Vi
I^angrton »t.; 705 Buoh st., adjoining corner
Powell; 1006 and ICOS California St.. adjoin
ing corner Polk; northeast corner of Taylor
and Broadway; 1309-1311 and 1313 Taylor ft.,
between Washington and Jackson; 120» to 1211
Howard st. and 70S to 712H Tehama at., in
rear, between Eighth and Ninth; one-half
block, corner D street and Thirtieth avenue,
facing Golden Gate Park; lots 8 and 9,i block
2(>2 of South San FrancUco Homettean and
Railroad Association; also lot 8. block 34, of
Excelsior Homestead Afsociation, bel<jnglngr to
estate of Marcellus Hartley.
Easton. Eldrldge & Co. have catalogued
art- important list of properties to offer
for the next auction sale which takes
place on Tuesday, September 29, 1903. at
12 o'clock noon, at their salesroom, 633
Market street. Several very valuable
holdings will be offered, including the fol
lowing:
Three fiats and four frame cottages on the
northwest corner of Webster 'and Fulton
t-t recta; property on the westerly line of Web
ster street. 37 !« feet south of Hayes.- lot 75x
00 feet, with improvements, consisting of four
two-story and basement dwellings; flat on the
southerly line of Minna street, 65 feet north
west of Eighth. Nos. 663-Cfl.itt; thr*e new flats
on the westerly line of Potrero avenue. 167:6
north of Twenty-flrst streets. Noa. 8«2-&4-C6.
containing 5-0 rooms, porcelain bath, tiled
sinks etc.; three flats on the westerly line of
Scott' street 100 fett north of Ellis. Nos. 1311
1311%-1311A. Sbntalnlng 4^0-C rooms and bath;
cottage on the westerly line of Noe street, be
tween Thirtieth and Laidley. No. 1370. con
taining four rooms and bath, high basement
and substantial stable, lot 30x115 feet; north
west corner of Eighteenth and jColllngwood
atrc-ta. st6re and flat above; northwest corner
of Church and Valley streets, building lot on
the southwest corner of Turk and Central
streets, even and ready for building, 26:VxllO
feet.
Burnham & Marsh Company report the
following sales:
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALLi, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 20, 1903.
29
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
NERVOUS WOMEN
Women who are almost dis-
tracted at the slightest noise, who
are easily fatigued and unable to
sleep, should commence taking
Hostetter's Stomach Bitters at
once. Hundreds of women' suf-
fering from Female Complaints
have voluntarily testified to its
efficacy in cases of Cramps, Nau-
sea, Headache, Insomnia, Indiges-
tion and Constipation.. You will
therefore make no mistake in try-
ing it. Don't accept a substitute.
I HOSTETTER'S
STOMACH BITTERS.
«£ ¦ J0E : BOSENBEB.G'S. JOE BOSENBERQ'3. | JOE , BOSEITBEBG'S. ' j : '' :^\'_TOE"B6s'SNBE&O'S.* J JOE BOSENBEHCPS.
Y( WKrww frwr or/fern /JDVk&T/JE fbi/Jii F/rfp
m-f\iK<, jr* WE JELL FOR LEJJ h' :
7 A / NJ^^f-V )' ) WMFTdun <"H — ?\ ' EOUIPOISE WAISTS. Just Received by Saturday Express. Good Silk Underwear at Low Prices.
/ // / J5$£&ga|gl -/ / % W I / . Vi x _ M „ '¦•¦ .Kayser eel- LADIES' VESTS, made of pure Vega
/ fi^MeKSH^-^^^ttUlLL^^ They Combine Three Garments ( /P y /?» crated fabric silk, low ) neck and no sl^vea, deep lace
/ W/lBnBB5S3L\k\\ , J _ _ ...,,- j SsXiA//yilA/?A rloves, two yoke, trimmed, swlss ribbed, in pink.
/ wJ£&$a8£5&mm^\ In OnC— COrSBt, WaiSt and f^rh^OtMAiyC patent clasps, blup. cream and black. Small stnres
V tf/SWOTSiSSiSNSiYWm ¦ r>«^^«* f»«,,«.^«r \y^/t // stitched back, price 5Oc
V fm/^i^^^^^M Ww n r»H,«v eJ T, M M w COrSet COVCrS. V^ V C/ In gray. mode. _. , .
N. HHMk ---'V— ''^pySi .na wu-: «, ta .. ©5, For t H h e . ad^ s 3EN . gE
S,^ measure tor your money? Here M A rojrular bontd money-?avlng store S5c ~fCA nnlrvo iTtfmj
"'" U IHlr ''' Xm DoKot Know Wnat Keal Comfort Is M M 1 .^ $%J£L »„>,..« < k,W £€^l ?h f. m H^
\ MfflBllSllii Until you wear the NEW HOOK ON JffifflC--' Indies who flad it iS^K LA GRECQUE BELT RE- "^ " .
\ 111 il^SrfevU?^ 1^ -« S^-HE It #^ SSW&SSFiJM Closing Cat Onr Ladles' SHirt Waist
\ _ ttlV'Vll' 1 - double rows of filled elastic attached ll^wj Mt^wSl Sid^hf. » -< ' • and boned with alumlnold. 5ni|c
v and patent button clasps. In pink, blue. snbatltuta 1 a n r s? T" unbreakable, rust-proof •? ¦ ?• ~* - ': ¦ *»«'"• r
Thfl fnld Wnarhon Will Caaii Po Uom red and black. Price 25c loVked f cr The^ fit C f*> steels. Makes the heaviest Made of heavy butcher linen and
iH6 1)01(1 Weatlier Hill SOOIl Be here, SS2«t iadi^onJ / --"" T fl « ur e shapely. Covers the lawns; hemstitched and embroidered:
But you won't buy them at these low .to* TnctAflrt 01 00C ated fear that Xh» ,~'''-/?A \ e ? tlre hlp %!? abdomen, 18 00 suits, now §2.75
prices- OuU lUSlDttU VI uuu. -., rfB i- «u««.. Jf th. fonTtrtSS V>jvv> P ) ehowlnr no rldffe, and pre- $7 00 suits, now 83.5Q
P INDIES' SHORT SKIRTS, made of o 1 ? 8 ' , CO^" U rtvm toTp'rf .ct Stto? Jorsrt yK''J- v S nt8 th J * hi ™ n e motion . $10 CO suits, now §5.00
colored striped flannelette, trimmed with /Jfet'ZfEfo^ S E ,. T COVERS. 4e lla^lt V«*rlflc»4 V Weir- / \J >< °£ the heavy flrjire. To .
deep flounce and finished with torchon K'S&SsV'V^^ made ot soft WeaCh ,- JT, theS On? vrio. V ' " 82 2u /V/^V tho8e » who i 1 **. 0 ha 2 thelr NfiC^Wear KfiCkWfiar
lace yoke band. You cannot buy the ma- V^^^JSZ/ ed lisle thread, high "^ tMW< BM pno111 ' »^.^u \ / , ; s <\ corsets made to order w» HCIiABOOX. flClAHCOf.
terial for this price 45c \v^T«y^7 neck and Bhort ¦ ~ * -^ & \\ \ woul( l l ik « y° u to Inspect W e are nroud of
VAl } nleevcs: neck and Instead Of 40C afld 5UC. V " t h ese. as we know we can these for chic and Wf£+3?
HnP I<I<:nTtni3nt n' Pall Wnict? k \i'^»J^ / down tho front "'^i-^uu ui '?ww unu *^vw, \ save you more than half of low price. t£S?^ii<5s^X1
Ulir abbUlcliiClil Ui r all IialaU la X-lJS^—i trimmed with tor- Mnvi/ lOr what you have been paying. Our price LADIES' OVER- ps^rfu«£3£?ii?i
<Jornir1 tn Nrtia qnrt thA Pripai chon lace - B« ln K " uw uu# ls v S3.5O COLLAR and TAB. 5J8»^m£)MS&
OeCOlia 10 flOaa, aUQ IQe rnCub <iAnc*T rnVFll overstocked, hence CUSHION. __-^v-w.«_- , ,, _, , .. . „,,. made of point do £ : -tSR^|9s £ I
ArP InW Tnn tORSaCOVtH the reduction.. 35c C O V E R S r^CKK^m^ Another RedUCtlOIl ID Rll)t)OaS. venlselace , in round QgK^Bffl
i/] aiC 1-Un, 1UU. . ana B A 0 K B {p*Www$tWi&**£O . and pointed effects.
W , '-adiks' waist d p or the Up-to-Dite Woman, tie New z^°SSLt^!SS Ml^^SSmj &"?« A!"<5 & _» At th0 mm ' y ' avIns 5tore 1Tc
M\ ?"Eiu,K £ls£ B Beaded Chains. gB^ SJ £ WXm ??r"UH> A 3! U Keeps ToM W From GetUll °
\§h\'\ lar with fancy overcollar, new TO inches long. In Alaska beads, blue lar Ms entire f^CW^^V^\ «?« fl nW« Rprtifc'nl ti^P^^ 0 -. SOllSd
Hosiery at (nrWelNKnawa' Small {ft ISS2 3sS % "f?™^l^^ } •g^'^p.^B. ?S
Prom Prices. &^Bilt'^S o? 1^ £..?.'., U..SV. >.„ m ..««« %£ ™£«lff>jfe €? 5 li -i|'"» maii D °J Uts
Hermsdirf dye. white soles. At the price - , A n « T\ n ]\n» _ French Dana, apeciai.... doc.ap»w v ¦ inches square;
cutter \ 25c Just ReceiYd, Oar First Shipment of %V™ e of the newest Hairpins at Yery Low Prices— the j -o»« »» ~^ j--
12KB, and a Mighty Good One, Too. Ladies' Winter Wrappers. dftiB&L fficr ° form 'cor: Good Kind. : " -> Siw :*?. '.%J™£
LADIES 1 HOSE, made of XX Atner- Made of fleece lined im- Sr# 'f^ SETS. It ls made of / Htehlv temnered steel tttl « i m_i w a tt *
S'ck^mldnWff'dSl h whUe nd ,ole > s e ' Our JL *?"& ""ne'ettc. ruffle, over if^ra light weight Jmported s^hf the'kFnd'fhatwiii Why HOt Trflll TOUT 0WI1 HdtS
iri^. m^ l r^..^:.^::. S ?!!^£^ %*$*&%} IWS^; &£§M EfrH^r Ch as O 8 orfe U d n p^^ And save half what the milliner. «k7
r t n- in- l t n • W' ting Hnlng; in colored stripes Jf? abdomen, medium or KttSS&S^ wsinTcibtart Kw a The new hat drape, cr veil, made of all-
Slimmer IS GOiaM. Winter IS GOmiD^. - M. ani dotted «««t In blue and low bust. You will ap- Bg^**^ clblnet . 2HC 8llk cWffo °. " *»<*** L 03 ?- hemstitched
uuuiiiiui i w UUU5. umiti 10 v-yuiiug. gmr whltei rpd an d white, also pre ciate their merit cabinet -t^c and velvet dottPd; in blue, brown.
ifa rji^Umrf'ciPmfa M black and white. Youprac- when you s ee them at this prlcc.»1.00 4Rn fn- the NflW Rflif PAtflinPT- white ami black. At the money sayir.g
f>T^ EIDERDOWN SACQLES 4ffjffiflffll tice true economy when you ""«="¦>" ICC lOf IQc flCW ndlT IvcLdlllcr. store price .....45c
*W at a very low Price; made 1LiWBI buy here at this prlce.JSl.OO toi, u v n i D nv Thpm NrtW ? Keeps the stray locks In place. Made -, „ „ .. ' « , -,
,^>>v of all wool ripple cloth. lluY ™0l DUj lllCUl ilUn .' n/fln. nnH«h»fl Italian «h*ll Real tor- Ths. ¥PW SniVft Rt H(\n PlTIS ¦ /ZX^
/f 1^ S^rtS-aisL.-WSS Manufacturer's Loss Is Toot Gain. " Wij/pat more later tffi>!8E&2$X>£1tJgZl*, ™ t TJTJ \^— O
tSSJyZ A 'S& t^ er!J ) » I S 1 lrs ru o b' w s r H S s o.h n e a ;;T.L^ jr :£?>*? S? H L.^S -u^f Children's Hose Are Special '»«»^ -•",»' 1™"'?? Vl
I I trimm.-fl. Your moneys covered and Oiled wilh a vegetable >ub- ;•!»% ?, nn el soJaV. yoke" nnl "hed IliiSf Tn MnrrnH *' !<tra bI = llI ' r PolWed la tortol» I I
A worth or your money back Btanc . wh lc h „ washable and odorle... fljB[lM J?,fh ten .S?S, dSv roflini J/Wf ". , . •». - and amb.r: real In look»-not ro. 1!
„ it I yZi 111,.™ h er e „ Tenerlffe Lace Making Is ill the Craze. l x Ls? h r JS?J£ftJ$& n 'Sl #§t T^sC^fftS Em for tte Um Qm
gggk S^Sj^S jQp |T|nQFRJK|f|?r. THE PRICE-GUTTER W/% t'ti^t^B, 5=
3 GeiltS. ?lJ!^&§§r§ of nne rubber highly pol- UvL B^\/\jB-llSl*i-i%Vl' %,*' recommended by physl-
..'•f^s, "^ Kl^;^FnS^ WMF Et^s' ?tM 8I6 Market street " 0Tarrc " street - '^ M $£ "rCh-ZMi
hemstitched. Price .'Jc these wheels. Price. J.,C MAIL OBDEBS SOLICITED. Fg|c> 2oC and 35c
'TWILL BE DECKER WEEK
Large Number of Fine Decker & Son Pianos
to be Closed Out by Pommer-Eilers,
EVERT DECKER PIANO NOW IX OUR STOCK 13 TO BB CLOSED OXTT
DURING THE COMING WEEK. N«w styles and new catalogues ar» now on U»»
way from the East. As toon as received hero our wholesale trada will demand
them; therefore our present stock must «ro before- that time.
Get a Decker piano now. You'll never recrat It.
We're saving you enough In the purchase price ot an laatmrnsnt to more than .
educate the family In music.
These flsrures tell the story: ' -^ - ._, ,
AjSLlOHTLY USED DECKER Cabinet Grand: cannot be told from new; original
price $530; now «2TO
4NOTHEU DECKER, brand new. but case badly marred: worth $300: now..«^S.
BRAND NEW DECKER BABY UPRIGHT at a savins of $143 from rerular retail
.CHOICEST DECKER CABINET GRANDS at a tivlnjr of ?174 from regular retail
BEAUTIFUL DECKER ORCHESTRAL UPRIGHT GRANDS at a savins; ot $138
from regular retail prices. ,
In this assortment there are also three very fancy hand-carved styles In choic-
est mahocany and fancy English mottled walnut ca-ies. such as have be»n sold
rl«;ht In tills city for ?05o and upwards. These also are sacrificed at a llttls- over
Above are cash prices, but payments will be arranged to meet your reqnir»»
ments.
HERE ARE USED PIANO BARGAINS.
A large number of used upright pianos have come to us durlnr th« past twt»
weeks toward payment of new Decker and other upright and grand places. W»
wish to cloEe all of these out at once, together with quite a Urge number of strlct-
ly C £°o£ T.^.^?^:."/. 0 . 1 !?^':...... ........ §33: $3 cash. |3 per month.
Checkering ." •••• !»•*•>: " same terms.
ChJckerlne. very fin* |£3: t\<> cash. *S per "°°t|»-
Ki«chpr $5O; *S cash. $3 per month.
Vose "" f*»: S5 cash. ?3 p«r month.
Vose. very fine *<«>: *W «*¦>>. ?4 per month.
Kfnball elesrant . . ; «1OO; flO cash, $3 per month.
Steinway* very flne !..!..!!!!!!.!!!!.. *1«»<»: *1<> "sh. »5 per month.
if)rflmer-EtlerB. walnut 5!Ih %: ll~ ***£' l< v ' r mon^-
T'ffanv mahoeanr <UOS; S12 cash. $5 per month.
Bell. mahogany 11 .*J : " aln * terms.
Kroegtr, walnut ...:;\.v ?J^' : sarn " J'!™*
DensortsC mahogany *fd-,'' KM etc
K"m 5 l»n. n nnS r u S p h right. < : case marred in' transit.' f 200*' $15 cash, %1 per month.
ALL ARE WARRANTED.
Every piano sold by the Pommer-Eiler* Music Company ls fully warranted as t»
material and [workmanship and also as to price. "Money back If not satisfactory"
annllM to every transaction, whether large or small.
S?orl will be op^n Monday evening, to accommodate thow who cannot coma la
during the day.
POMMER-EILERS MUSIC GO.
653 Market Street, San Francisco. (Opposite Chronicle Building.)
Other lars« stor«s: Portland. Ore.; Sacramento. CaL: Spokane. Wax*.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Paralysis M
iematisi Gi8i=—
LoctiUtaiia CiM=
By.... .
Eiectro-Chemistry
=MlllF=
Peraaiiy aifl |ea|y
SOU HSB2XAJRT 1COSTEB,
2425 Fourth Street, W«tt Berkeley.
In speaking of his cure. Mr. Koster eaiid:
'•Ves. after fifteen years of suffering.
after all manner of treatments had failed
to cure me and after I had been compelled
to give up my buEines at Fourth and
u ebetcr streets, Oakland, I have at last
been perfectly cured by Electro-Chem-
isiry. My trouble was rhVumatism. which
finally paralyred me. I became as help-
less as a baby; I could not dress myself,
and to walk was out of the question. In
thirty days, at a very small expenditure
cf money, the Electro-Cherr.ie treatment
put me on my feet, freed me of all pain
and loosened up rr.y stiff joints and
broucht strength back to my paralyzed
xr.uscU*>. I can walk twenty miles "now
and can climb a flight of stairs like a
bcjr. A cure like this* Is worth ttlling
nboi:t " . •
-11. K. .VOUIjHEKG. l.'.iS I'ine Ktre«t.
i!r. Kwdbm ray*: "After year* of puflerlng
fn-m Catarrh and Hhiumatipm and after spend-
ing a *mall fortuiw- for doctors and medicines
without any bcneSt, Electro-Chenitttry has
cured rr.» In less thun a month and the expense
r.a« been almuFt nothing when tha wonderful
j.FiiIts r.re con*id*re<3.
"My rheumati*m by Wf-skminc my knees al-
tr.ort Incapacitated me for work, but now I can
co my hf-svy work *« cable splicer on the Sut-
ter-ytrcct line without the leaFt irK-<>nv«*nienc/».
1 arr. sled to recommend till wonderful new
tr^atn-^rit to otb»-r« nn<! tc!!l be rla<l to nee any
•j.ip who ts especially int%r#F*.c.l in my cure."
iSi-r.-i* K. XORDBERO.
IKS Tine- street. San Francisco. Cal.
X-RAY CXAMl\AT!0\ B H^ E-H
Specialties — Cc-isuTaptica., Catarrh,
Ercrchltia, AMthxaM, ucaccrsi Tnson,
S success, E"Ta:l a.nd Xar rTcises. Eica-
sietlsm, ?s.ra:yEis, CTeuralg-ia, Files, Bis-
e&3es cf iii.c Sttmwtilu Xiivsr. Kidseys and
Bowels, Special Vizsztsz cf Men an!
\7caea. All C^-rrzi; Diseases.
ELECTRO'CfiEMIC INSTITUTE,
113 G3A2TT A.TS., Ccr. Pest St., #
SXlx FBAKCX5CO.
Office hour* — f> a. m. to 5 p. in. ar.d 7 to 8
p. m. £«!!>•. Sundays. 10 a. ra. to 1 p. m.
Separate Ai>artrr.er.ti for Ljulici! and Gentle-
rrer..
1) visit DR. JORDAN'S great/)
? MUSEUM OF flKftTOBYt
b 6$ isa Hirewa.ttt.s.tt-7a.aj.fci'^
'. Of Th« L»ree*t Atatosiical Musemti hi the \
(j J ¦ •"WA 'V«ak»e»-et or ».,y rMOMMd Q
Q PS *g j fc,->etuiii^ ob ih« Coau. fctt. 36 ynn. * Q
0 pSlf * W * JCRDAN-DISEASES OF KEN 6
i w^HSlh Coiwuttetmo fr?« and wrirt'7 rrr.»!t. T
A I jjttj t Ttwi.'jI [.rsur.il ) m by ;* t :rt. A A
" m flr *Jl fotitttt <\rt in every ca«e undertuker. T
Aril (I tV'rrrcfor IWck. rHiLO<tornV*r A
'</ * it ',]' SAnnMCE, mailed itit (ay
Jl n JL r»luab»< book lor m*n ; k
Q nii. JOEDiTf & CO.. 1C5I Mnrfcet st..S. F. Y
EVERY WOMAN
___ is intwcirted and should kno.r
jr^tfe^v about the woudcrfui
K9AQUCI whirling
t '-' '¦}) oil \\ «** i '. A 1 be new Varlai.1 Syrir.ce.
** > li$i . ' 'TK '• -'4 • jHjrctior'. and Suet ten.
\ ' ¦cgiv' ; -rP^'^f Best— Safest— Most «:oti-
».' NvVG^'^i&N. venient. It Cites mi
A«kyorr«Mtrta}ortt. \-- aSBrrrr^^^^^"
«:i.-r. .n* «¦«<! s>»tr.r fcr HIb*. \, g vk-'-W
ntrtirulxri »n 1 < .r~ »"*• ir.<f iuibl* /,,„ U
Sudi«- yiftftt'KM-c.. .Tfctef
Bacib SC3. Ttoe» DCs.. X»v Tork.
fc^gCT wjej^k men
¦.•lP*4&**; Ult HALL'S REINVIGORATOK
*?SL B6i3 step;, all lorj-es aril unnatural din-
s' R charpte In 2* hour*. You feel an
*T"3 B3S improvrtnent frcm the first dese.
ZfJ. 4-~ \\> have so much confidence In our
Vjj' .1L treatment that we offer Five Hun-
not cure, "hla secret remedy cure*
If.st jx)wer nlchtly eml^EionB, wasted orgrana.
\ai1toc«"le,' irlwt. Ftrlctures. kldneye, falling
memory, drains in the urine, gonorrhoea, (ji s .
eaM of the prostate gland* and all other terrt-
bir *ffects of self-abuse cr excesses, which lead
».n to consumption and death. Positively cures
The wer*t canes in old or ycun«r of that mortify-
tr.ic condition, quickness of the dlecharge. ana
wanting to do, end you can't. Sent sealed, f 2
\*r bottle, thrte bottles. ?5. Guaranteed to
* U r£tf f OT "ddress orders HALL'S MEDICAL
INSTITUTE. f>.*>5 Broadway. Oakland, Cal.
Aleo for Mlt at ICT3'j Market St.. S. F. Send
'r.r free book.
Thel^eekly Catt
61 pcp Year*
ADVERTISEMENTS.
McBurney's /^^^
Kidney and )^PB ; .
Bladder w *$8r
ONE BOTTLE CURES.
«•. Chicago. 111.. April 8. 1896.
Mr. W. F. McBurney, Los An-
geles. Cal. — Dear StfT It affords .
me pleasure to testify to the ef-
ficacy of your Kidney and Blad-
der Core. I have . been troubled
with my kidneys and bladder for
over four years. I have been
treated by tho beet physicians of
this city during that time. (I
mention two who stand at the
head of the profession, viz., Dr. C.
A. Purdy and Dr. Frank Walls,
the latter being my son.) I re-
gret to say they did me no good.
I .was advised to spend the winter
in your glorious climate and try
the ocean baths. I visited San
Diego, Santa Aiomci. and Santa
Barbara, but received only tem-
porary relief from -ie baths. a On
the night I left home I got n
bottle of your medicine. The first
dose did me good, and I was well
when I reached home, and I can
say in conclusion that I am grate-
ful to you. If this letter is of.
any use to you, use it.
. .:, . THOS. WALLS.
¦' Send 25c for first day"« treatment
and get relief In twenty minutes. Mc-
'. Burney'B Kidney and Bladder Cure.
Prepaid. $1.50. 22* S. Spring St. Los -
Angeles, Cal. All Druggists.
W.F. UMHIBIIFV 226 S. Spring St.
1,08 AHgSLSS. CIL. Al Dmgglijg.Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1041 •
Townsend'* California glace fruits and
candles. 60c a pound. In artistic flr»
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market St.. above Call bid*. •
On the occasion of the last held meeting
of South San Francisco Lodge of Free
and Accepted Masons in its lodge room,
corner of Fourteenth and Railroad ave
nues, there was one of the largest gath
erings of fraters that has ever been in
that lodge room. After the conferring of
the Master Mason degree upon Jacob
Bahrs in a most impressive manner the
lodge was closed In due form and there
was an adjournment to the banquet hall,
where 150 partook of an excellent supper.
E. C. Hare, the popular secretary of the
Masonic Board of Relief, was the toast
master, and he called on a number of the
best speakers to respond to several senti
ments. During the repast there ( was %
programme of musical and literary num.
bers of high order, which served to add
to the pleasure of the evening:.
South San Francisco Masons.
The public schools of Los Angeles are overcrowded to such an extent that the city authori
ties are deeply concerned to discover a remedy and provide adequate means of accommodation for
the overflow. It is not strange that our progressive southern city has not hit upon our expedient of
shacks and sheds and unhealthy cellars in which to educate her children. We can suggest to her in
her predicament nothing that is good in our example.
The press agents who are fighting the war. of the Bulgarian arid Macedonian Christians
against the Turks have neglected to supply themselves with a vitally important adjunct to their sen
sational trade. They seem to have ; ho census reports of the districts that are being depopulated in out
rage and murder, and before they know it they will have killed off enough people "to populate the en
tire Balkans when the pen murders have ceased.
The alacrity with which the authorities of Nevada have begun an investigation of the outrages
perpetrated upon Chinese at Tonopah argues well for their fairness and their spirit of justice. Simply
because we knowingly are inspired by a prejudice, we should strive to be; scrupulously just to those
against whom that prejudice is directed.
lenses and prisms.
The mirrors of the Heligoland light
rorxslrt each of a piece of silvered glass.
No protection against weather Is provided
In front of the light and It is asserted
that none Is needed. Besides the three
mirrors mentioned, a fourth mirror and
lamp Is provided, which will turn three
time* as rapidly, but which. It is said,
will be used only in cases of emergency.
The duration of one-tenth of a second
for the flash, a characteristic of most
French beacon lights, Is here adopted for
the first time in Germany. It is. how
ever, a question whether these brief dur
ations have not been carried to an ex
treme. Undoubtedly one-tenth of a sec
ind is sufficient to make the maximum
mproEslon on the eye when the light is
trllliant. But with a hazy atmosphere
jd the light much diminished it is doubt
ill whether a longer duration should not
A SEARCHLIGHT throwing a beam
of light of the almost inconceiv
able Intensity of 316,000,000 candle
power Is one of the latest me
chanlco-scientiflc . achievements.
It is the work of Schuckert & Co., Nu
remberg, Germany. It has a diameter of
six feet six Inches and is fitted with an
Iris shutter, half-closed, as shown in the
accompanying picture.
This searchlight is electrically con
trolled by two levers, one of which gov
erns tbe motor mounted in the base of
the apparatus which operates the pro
jector Ir a vertical direction through a
train of gear wheels, while the other
starts or stops the electric motor which
controls the horizontal movement of the
bc-am of light.
The Iris shutter is used in order to make
the projector perfectly light-tight at any
moment desired, and it operates similarly
to this type of shutter as applied to mod
ern cameras. The leaves of the iris dia
phragm slide within a fixed diaphragm lo
cal«-d In the axis of the ray of light and
provided -with a fold. On some of the
German searchlights an apparatus known
as a "double dltperser" is provided in or
der to convert concentrated light rapidly
Into diffused light. This arrangement
consists of two parallel systems of cylin
drical lenses, which may be slid against !
one another, whereby the angle of disper- !
sion of the emitted ray can be varied at
will. By means of this apparatus the
angle of dispersion of the light can be
varied within limits of from two degrees ;
to forty-five degree*; If desired.
A new form of electric flashlight- has
lately been installed by the same concern '
In the lighthouse tower at Heligoland.
The searchlights or projectors used In
this installation are combined, as shown
in the accompanying views taken from
the Scientific American."
There ere three lower searchlights, ar
ranged 120 degrees apart, and another
mounted upon the top, all operated auto
matically and driven by electric motors.
The carbons, which art- fed by automatic
mechanism, arc placed In a horizontal no--
Fition, as is usual wjth most large search
lights. The intensity of the light is 30.000,
000 candle-power as a minimum, and the
maximum current used is 100 amperes.
The light flashes occur every five seconds
and they remain in one position anly one
tenth of a second.
The three searchlights mounted on the
lower revolving platform 120 degrees apart
have mirrors twenty-nine Inches In diam
eter and utilize a direct current of thirty
four amperes each, the platform revolv
ing at the rate of four revolutions per
minute. The current is supplied to the
tower lights by a lead iron-armored cov
ered cable connected with the power sta
tion. The powrr plant consists of two
steam engines directly connected to dy
namos of 216 ampere? capacity at a pres
sure of soventy-five volts.
This new electric beacon is to take the
place of the old petroleum light that so
long flashed out its danger signals at the
mouth of the River Elbe. The new elec
tric light is probably the most powerful
at present in operation. Apart from its
enormous power the Heligoland light
bouse Is noteworthy for the fact that a
return has been made to the old form of
parabolic mirror, with a powerful light
in the focus Instead of the usual Freanel
The problem of piercing a glacier by
means of boring has at last been solved,
rays the New York Sun, with results of
real scientific interest in experiments
made last August on a glacier near Vent,
in the Tyrol. At a distance of about one
and a quarter miles from the tip of the
glacier, where its breadth is 2130 feet and
the height of its service above 8ea level
fuSO feet, a boring in the middle reached
rock at a depth of 500 feet. Taken along
with measurements of rate of movement,
surface melting and temperature, the ex
periment enabled the following conclu
sions to be drawn: First, the temperature
of the ice is at the melting point through
out the whole macs on the. tongue of the
glacier; second, the bed of the glacier is
trough-shaped; third, the Ice. moves more
slowly at the bottom than at the surface.
The bore holes were filled up with pieces
of wood, which will serve for many years
to come as Indexes of the rate of move
ment and of surface melting!
A special commission appointed by the
French Admiralty has been experimenting
with a view to obtaining conclusive data
as to what would be the effect on a bat
tleship when the guns in the fore turret
were fired. The battleship Henri IV was
selected for the purposes of these tests.
Sheep were cT^rlbuted at the posts which
in action would be occupied by the mem
bers of the crew serving the smaller guns
over which the big turret guns fire. After
the discharge the sheop were examined,
and though found to be stunned, were
otherwise uninjured. It was therefore
concluded . that as men have a greater
power of resistance than sheep, the gun
ners in the turret would experience no
Eerioua harm through the firing of the
guns. •¦;¦ ¦¦''.';>
Sir William Ramsay, who, in conjunc
tion with Lord Rayleigh, discovered the
existence of argon, and subsequently
krypton and xenon, in the atmosphere,
has made a computation of the quantity
of the two last elements present In the
air. The results of his experiments and
calculations show that the air contains
.000014 per cent of krypton and .OOOOC-a
of xenon by weight. To be more explicit
there is one part by weight df krypton
in 7,000,000, and one part of xenon in 40,
000,000 of air. Measured by volume as
constituent gases of the air, the volume
of these two elements is more infinitesi
mal, since there Ib only one part of the
former in 20,000,000, and one part of the
latter to 270,000,000 parts of air.
be allowed. The experiment will be
watched with great Interest, both on ac
count of the bold deviation from the or
dinary Dlan which has been so Ions fol
lowed and also on the ground of econ
omy, which is claimed for the new meth
od. It is stated that on the first night
of trial the light was seen at the^pier
at Busum, a distance of forty miles,
which In itself seems .sufficient to clear
away all doubts of the visibility of ;i
flash of short duration.
NEW SEARCHLIGHT OF ALMOST INCONCEIVABLE INTENSITY
LATELY CONSTRUCTED IN NUREMBERG. GERMANY, AND A
FLASHLIGHT RECENTLY INSTALLED AT HELIGOLAND.
LONDON, Sept. 10.— Never was there a
week less Interesting from the bookmak
ers' and publishers' point of view than the
one Just past. Among the few works that
have seen the light scarcely one calls for
A new volume In the '.'Highways and
Byways" serlts (the Macmlllan Com
pany), by Arthur C. Bradley, who wrote
the volume in the same series on "The
Lake District," has appeared.
The Illustrations are made from pen
and Ink drawings by Frederick L. Griggs.
Some very attractive scenery Is described
and pictured in this book, and some ex
tremely interesting legrends and stories
and romances and historical incidents are
related. Most cf its Interest for Ameri
cans, however, lies not in its references
to I^ady Hester Stanhope, to Shelley or
to Lady Charlotte Guest and the printing
of the "Mabinogion," but in its full ac
count of the part of the British Isles
least known outside of them.
• • ?
month by Messrs. Houghton,
Mlflln & Co. of Boston, recently received
a letter from a clergyman in Glasgow ex
prctsing his thankfulness as a Scotchman
for ht-r most kindly appreciation of Scot
tish life in "Penelope's Experiences." "In
the subjects you chose for treatment," he
writes, "there were so many admirable
opportunities for taking us off that only
one who thought very kindly of us could
have given a picture so one-sided— shall I
say?— in Its generous overlooking of the
less noble features. Let me thank you
very heartily for the service you have
thus rendered in drawing your country
and my country nearer to one another.
Statesmen may draw up treaties and dip
lomats concoct schemes, but It 13 such
efforts as yours which really effect the
union of heart3 on which external amity
must rest."
MRS. KATE DOUGLAS WIG
GIN, whose new story, "Re
becca of Sunnybrook Farm," Is
announced for publication this
Eliot Stock will publish "The Greater
Exodus," by Dr. J. Fitzgerald Lee, wRo
sets forth to rrove America to be the
cradle of the human race and that the
stream of life flowed thence eastward.
• • •
Henry Frowde has just acquired a se
ries of drawings on wooctmade by George
Crulkshank nearly fifty years ago to Illus
trate "Pilgrim's Progress." These draw
ings have never yet been published, and
they ¦will form the chief feature of an edi
tion de luxe of Bunyan's masterpiece,
which Is to be Issued from the Oxford
University press In ths autumn. Some of
the drawings were cut on wood under the
artist's own direction, and others are now
being similarly prepared. Each is to be
printed from a separate plate on Japanese
paper.
For upward of thirty years these draw
ings have been in the possession of a
well-known collector, who was a friend
of Cruikshank. and they are said to be
thoroughly characteristic of the artist's
genius.
The object of the book reminds the re
viewer that, according to some cogent ar
guments put forth in the Nineteenth Cen
tury some years ago. everybody with a
drop of English blood in his veins is al
most certainly descended from William
the Conqueror and many of the Normans
who came over In 1066 by the long since
abandoned St. Valery and Pevensey route.
mention, and among the announcements
of forthcoming books chief interest at
taches to a volume which is of a genea
logical rather than a llferary character.
This book, which la entitled "The Blood
Royal of Britain." Is announced by
Messrs. Jack of Edinburgh and London.
It contains the names of nearly 12,000 per
sons now living who are said to be de
scended from Edward IV and Henry VII
of England and James III of Scotland.
No fewer than 35.000 lines of descent are
given. The editor la the Marquis de
Ruvtgny. and his volume is a folio of
more than 600 pages.
1 ho supposition that the grant to a syndicate is prompted by a revulsion from the policy of
governmental construction of railways is rendered the more probable because the finances of Aus
tralia are by no means so bad as have been reported, and it would not be difficult for the common
wealth to obtain the money required for the work if the government desired. Mr. Wise, Attorney
General for New South Wales, was recently in London, and while there gave a very reassuring ac
count of Australian finances, saying among other things : "It is wholly misleading and indeed un
true to say that any Australian State has been unable to meet its interest obligations without fresh
lxDrrowing. That there should be any serious discussion about the solvency of the Australian States
seems like a fantastic dream to any one who knows Australia. The State of New South Wales, with
which I am more immediately connected, pays annually in interest £2,793,000. The money has been
borrowed for public works which return a iiet revenue of £1,792,000. That leaves £1,000,000 a year
unprovided for by returns from public works. The public works have been used for developing land,
a great deal of which belongs to the State. As the crown lands give a net revenue of £1,200.000,
there is a clear £200,000 of profit from the loan expenditure over and above the interest charge."
• '¦ As Mr. Wise was in London as an agent of an Australian State it may be that his statement is
much more favorable to Australian finance than the facts justify, but when every allowance is made
for the partiality ofta politician there remains a good assurance that financially Australia is sound, and
consequently her resort to American methods of railroad building can mean nothing more than an
admission that State construction is inexpedient. . If that lesson be thoroughly learned, some
thing like a new era will open for the country, and the prosperity of the future will be far greater
than that of the past. , . ,
In seeking to bring about the construction of the road by a syndicate of capitalists instead of
by the government itself, the Australians give evidence of having profited by. their experience with
governmental ownership and operation of railroads. It seems they have had enough of that sort of
thing and are not eager for more. Many advantages arc expected to result from the opening of a line
across the island, and the people are willing to pay a big price for it, but it seems they prefer to pay
the price in an extraordinary land grant rather than to borrow money and go into a new socialistic
experiment on so vast a scale.
DESPITE the ill results of the prolonged drouth that affected nearly the whole country, de
spite the disturbed conditions of labor and capital, despite the increasing rate of taxation
and the slow progress of industry, the people of Australia are going ahead as boldly as if
there were no defect in their social organism and no obstacle ahead in the path of their
development. While the conservatives of the world have been waiting to hear of a collapse of their
enterprises and a bankruptcy of some of their States, they are making preparations for new ventures
and for the settlement of new areas of their unoccupied land.
The most important undertaking now under consideration by the Australians is that of the
construction of a railway which^with lines now in operation, will connect the Indian Ocean with the
South Pacific. The road will approximate 1200 miles in length and is* estimated to cost about
$30,000,000. Unlike most of tjie railway building in Australia the new road is not to be constructed
directly by the government, but by a syndicate to which the government will give a grant
of about 90,000,000 acres. The plan appears to be similar to that long ago adopted in this country
for the promotion of railway building across wide distances of unsettled territories.
A recent review of the enterprise in describing the country to be traversed by the projected
line says: "At the present time this vast area is undeveloped and almost without population. There
are not more than 5000 persons and these are mostly Asiatics. But much of the land is said to be ex
cellent. In a pamphlet issued by the government the scheme is declared to be 'a magnificent oppor
tunity for the capitalist to embark in one of the few truly great undertakings with a golden future in
prospect yet left to the Avorld to be achieved.' It is said to contair. some of the best pastoral land in
the country, a large proportion of which is admirably adapted to tropical agriculture. * * * Be
sides the land itself the concession carries to the contractors the right to all the gold and other
metals and minerals that may be discovered in the principality made over to them."
AUSTRALIAN ENERGY
NOVELIST WHOSE N'EW STORY WILL. BE PUBLISHED THIS MONTH
AND WHOSE KINDLY APPRECIATION OF SCOTTISH LIFE IN
"PENELOPE'S EXPERIENCES" HAS WON" GRATITUDE OF SCOTS.
It is interesting that the enemies of President Roosevelt charge the fall of these air-founded
combinations to him and to the* vigor with which he has enforced the anti-trust laws. While it is
apparent that they collapsed of their own weakness, no or e would bteme the President if lie Iielped
the matter on by some vigorous kicks. The sort of deal represented by those water-logge I combi
nations is the most vicio :j form of speculation. It exists only in good times, when the public is in
a buoyant and optimistic temper, and appears as a disease of surfeit, like farcy in a horse. v If they
succeed in floating until a panic comes upon the country they prolong the pains of liquidation and
the period of starvation, so that it is just as well that they are collapsing now.
As for the President, his friends the people will take care of him. The trust organs, the New
York Sun and Harpers', are saying that every man who has lost in the fall of these fog houses will
fight Roosevelt. Very well, then every man who wants no more such mushroom sauce served up on
the country's business will stand by the President, and as there are more sensible men than fools in
the country the President will not suffer. The country has probably seen the last of actual organiza
tion of that kind of trusts, though they will long survive in the perfervid oratory of Lentz and
Tomjohnson and in the illuminated pages of those organs of sweetness and light which get their
inspiration and their fodder from Air. William Randolph Hearst.
Sure enough the people are robbed, but only that part of them that tried to get in and rob
others, for the great majority of the trusts organized two and three years ago have failed, and it is
estimated that four-fifths of them are in the hands of receivers to be wound up. When the" wreck is
complete it will be found that a very few combinations of capital have survived, and these because
there is some natural or valid commercial reason why they should. Those that fail go down be
cause they were not legitimate, but were mere over-capitalizations of unprofitable properties, put un
der the management of unskilled men and destined to fail. The only profit had out. of them was ob
tained by the promoter, provided there was actual money enough in the till to* pay his commission.
The loss goes to the fools who bought these stocks.
It is a great and gratifying evidence of the solidity of the business of the country that the
tumbling of four-fifths of these champignon castles has made no evil impression upon the financial
situation. By a natural metastasis some slight transfer of the disease has been carried over to legiti
mate stocks, which have suffered a decline for which there was no inherent reason. But this will soon
pass away. ,
TIME was, and not long ago, when the rapid organization of trusts, capitalized into the bil
lions, was viewed with alarm and held up as evidence that the country was going to the bow
wows. Every article of use or beauty was apparently going into trusts, from toothpicks
to beef, oil, water and wine; all were bound to become monopolized. Trust stocks were put
on Wall street to be taken by the public, and investors leap-frogged each other-to get at them. For
this the anti-trust shriekers were mostly to blame. They loudly insisted that every trust was a get
rich-quick scheme that was sure to succeed and gild itself on both sides by robbing the people, and
the people who wanted some of that bought the stock.
THE FAILING TRUSTS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor . . . Address Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager
SUNDAY ....... : . . . SEPTEMBER 20. igo.i
Publication Office <t|g||||||fc> • .Third and Market Streets, S. P.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 20, 1903.
MRS. KATE DOUGLAS WIGGIN
RECEIVES EXPRESSION OF
A SCOTCHMAN'S GRATITUDE
GERMANY HAS SEARCHLIGHT
POSSESSING INTENSITY OF
3 16 MILLION CANDLE POWER
30
ADVEBTTR'K'IVrnNTa.
H Guaranteed superior in construction, sim- ||
& piano player made. Can be readily attached |j
IS Call at the stcre and verify our statements./ ||XASHVILLE. Tenn., Sept. 19.— The wife
of John E. Wilson, a detective, was shot
and killed to-day at her home, and Miss
Loulla Cunningham is in: jail charged
with the murder. Several years ago Wil
son married the sister of Miss Cunning
ham, who went to live with them and
continued to. make/ her borne with her
brother-in-law after the death of her sis
ter. ¦ ¦ ; '.
SHOOTS AND KILLS WIFE
OF A NASHVILLE OFFICER
Young Woman Says That Providence
Directed Her to Commit the
Crime.
Although one-fourth of the world's
sugar crop is consumed in the United
States, but one-twentieth of it is grown
here.
United Etates District Judge dc Haven
yesterday made aa order permitting If.
C. Tupper.to go on with the prosecution
Of suits flled In the Superior Court of
Fresno County against The Mountain
Copper Company* Limited, a bankrupt.
Bankrupt Copper Company.
The jury impaneled in- Judge Cook's
court to decide as to Mrs. Etta Fitzgib
bons' mental capacity listened to the tes
timony of Drs. McGettigan and Lustig
yesterday and brought in a verdict that
Kho was sane. Her trial on tho charge of
ussault to ruurdcr will commence next
Wednesday. She shot Joseph K. Gagen
five timfs in her rooms at S73 Market
street on May 0. . > * . , '
Mrs. Fitzgibbons Is' Sane.
And a true one. We give you the best
value in trunks, suit cases" and traveling
supplies in the city. Look over the leather
goods department and be convinced San
born. Vail & Co., 741 Market street. *
A Short Story
Henry E. Fleming, who, with Ernest
He!b!n?, conducted a tin shop at 612
Ehradcr street, yesterday filed a suit
for an accounting against H^lbing and his
>-od Louis. Ho claims that they have en
tered Into a conspiracy to drfraud him
nxit of his interest in a number of con
tracts. In Tvhich. under an agreement
with Hclblng eerier, ho has an interest.
He asks that a receiver be appointed to
fake charge of tho collection of the
meney due under the contracts pending
the termination of the suit.
di&rges His Partner "With Fraud.
REDWOOD CITY, Sept. 19.— The Board
of Supervisors will on Monday consider
the bids for the new County Courthouse
building. Only two bids have been pre
sented, one by the Amcrican-Hawuiian
Engineering and Construction Company
for $132,845 and the other by William Pca
ccck for $142,259. These bids aro both in
excess, of the cost as estimated by the
architects. Dodge & Dollivcr, their price
being $125,000.
The difference between the bids and
architects' figures is attributed to tho in
crease in the price of labor and materials
since the time, some months ago, • ¦when
the estimated cost was made. It Is
thought the board will accept the loweet
bid or modify the plans in order to bring
the cost down to $125,000.
Arrange for a New
Structure.
San Mateo County Officials Will
SUPERVISORS TO ACT
ON COURTHOUSE BIDS
WASHINGTON. Sept. 10.— The conspir
acy indictment charges that the alleged
payments to Beavers by Green were in
conformity with an agreement made No
vember 19, 1901. It further alleges a pay
ment of J":5 to Beavers December 11, 1901:
of JS51 on January 30, 1902; ?418 on April
?G. 1902, and $842 on October 8, 1902. The
time recorders involved have been fur
nished the Government for years. They
originally were being., supplied through
the free delivery service, but lattorly
through the salary and allowance division.
Green came to this city about ten days
ago and he and his counsel, former United
States Senator Thurston of Nebraska,
had a two hours' interview with Post
master General Payne, in which they dis
cussed the impending indictments and ar
rests.
The Poatofilce Department was not noti
fied of the arrest until- late this after
noon. The Grand Jury which returned
the indictments last Thursday will re
sume its session .Monday, when it will
take up other postal cases. A number of
other indictments are expected, Involving
two prominent persons not heretofore in
dicted. The Grand Jury is not expected
to report them before next Thursday or
Friday. / : ¦¦-», ; . "*?¦?
Senator Green was arrested on two
warrants, one charging him with conspir
acy to defraud the Government In brib
ing George W. Beavers to purchase in
ternational time recorders for the Gov
ernment for ?100 each: the second for
offering Beavers a bribe of 10 per cent on
clock sales to tlio Government.
Senator Gr«»rn is president of the In
ternational Time Record company, which
has its headquarters in this city. In a
statement ho ?av«:
To those to whom I am test known, I
hope it ta unnofssary to say that I have not
Kivrn oif rrj-rlvcrt bribes: that I have wronged
no man, much Itea the United States Govern
ment or any department thereof. All my busl
n»-ps has ben conducted openly and honestly
and no moan advantage has been taken con
cerning contracts, orders, prices or otherwise,
either by myself cr by any business interests
with which I am connected.
BIN'GHAMTON, N." T., Sept. 'l9.-An
arrest which has been expected for some
time occurred to-day, when Postoffice In
spector Mayer ot Chicago and Deputy
Marshal Black of this city arrested State
Senator GcorKfi E. Green. When Green
was arraicned before United States Com
missioner Hall he entered a plea of not
guilty and was released on $10,000 bail.
The examination will be held Tuesday,
September 22.
Postal Authorities Ac
cuse Him of Bribing
Beavers.
The Henry Andrews Bank, of which
Burke is now cashier, succeeded the Citi
zens' National Bank, of which St. John
Dix had control for a short time. Dlx is
alleged to have gutted the Scandinavian
Bank of Whatcom by borrowing its funds,
and has been convicted and sentenced to
ten years at Walla Walla. Ho is now out
on bail pending an appeal to the Supreme
Court.
Receiver Mulr has been trying hard but
unsuccessfully to examine the books of
the old. Citizens' National Bank to ascer
tain what connection there was between
that institution and th<> Scandinavian-
American under' St. John's control and
what moneys of the Scandinavian, if any,
wrre transferred to the Citizens' Bank.
Burko has had control of these books,
and this fight is believed to have had
much to do with the arrest of Burke.
TACOMA. Sept. 19.— Receiver Mu'ir of
the wrecked Scandinavian- American Bank
of Whatcom has caused the arrest ol
Cashier George P. Burke of Henry An
drews & Co.'s Bank of Falrhaven, alleg
ing that he misappropriated 513,000 of the
funds of the Citizens' National Bank, of
Tvhich he was formerly cashier.
Tho Citizens' National Bank of Fair
haven loaned this money # to St. John Dlx,
and Dlx In turn la alleged to have used
it in buying control of the same bank
Mulr alleges that Burke has loaned more
than 10 per cent of the bank's capital
stock to one of Its officers, contrary to
law.
Whatcom Scandal Vig
orously Revived by
an Arrest.
BANK'S CASHIER
GOES TO A JAIL
On the excursion to Willlta next Sunday,
September 20, those who participate will iisve
an opportunity to view one of the grandest
sijchtB In California. Beyond X'klah the road
runs through the valley for about ten miles
and then it commences to climb the mountain
range, the distance to the, summit bslnr seven
and one-half miles. As you tto higher and
higher the country keeps opening out until you
have & view of miles and mllea of valley, for
ests and mountain*. Yl'MIts Valley lies Just on
the other side and from the summit you de
scend Into It. 'Willits Is th« terminus, of the
road and in the midst of the redwood country.
Mendoclno County lies at the doors of San
Francleco and this trip will afford our people
an opportunity to get an excellent Idea of the
Immensity, beauty and grandeur of that county.
Fare for the round trip. $3. L<eaves Tlburon
Ferry, foot of Market St.. 7:30 a. m.: leave
Wllllts 4 p. m. Tickets on sale at 650 Market
st. (Chronicle building) and at Tiburon Ferry. •
Over the Mountains.
STATE SENATOR
IS UNDER ARREST
Tork associated banks last week -ivas the
close correspondence between the de
crease of cash and tho loss in this item
as estimated upon the traceable move
ments of money during the week, the
official statement showing a deduction ot
J4.3tt7.000, while the estimates indicated
a loss of $4,523,600. This decrease in cash
was chiefly caused by absorptions by the
sub-treasury on account of the fiscal and
other operations. The customs payments
were large, amounting to $3,471,835, and
tho receipts by the treasury through
banks for those of their correspondents
which were retiring circulation were
fl.ffiO.OOO, while another extraordinary re
ceipt by the sub-treasury was $600,000
for acount of Pacific roads. These several
payments therefore aggregated $5,997,000,
and the offsetting receipts by the banks
from the sub-treasury were comparatively
small. Tho net Ios3 to the banks through
the sub-treasury absorptions was $4,155,
400. There was also a loss which, how
ever, was not large, caused by the Inte
rior movement, this resulting In a de
crease of $l,66G,G00 in cash. The receipts
of $1,258,400 new gold aided in reducing
the net decrease in cash for the week to
$4,623,600 as shown above. The deposits
of the banks fell off $8,713,300, which
was only $190,000 less than the sum. called
for the loss of cash and the reduction of
loans, therefore the statement very near
ly balanced. The required reserve was di
minished $2,178,325 through the decreased
deposits and deducting this sum. from the
Iofs of cash leaves $2,198,575 as the reduc
tion in surplus reserves. The loans were
reduced $4,527,000 during the week. This
was probably partly due to the liquida
tion of speculative accounts on the Stock
i Exchange caused by the somewhat unsel
i tling fall in steel and other shares. The
decrease in loans also resulted from the
operations of the Bank of Commerce and
the Western National Bank, which are
on the eve of merger. One feature was
an increase of 5063,100 in circulation fol
lowing a gain of $327,400 in this item in the
previous week. It may be noted that the
loans of the banks now exceed the depos
its by $12,573,600, the largest since the mid
dle of July. This, however. Is not an un
favorable factor. The daily averago of
clearings for the week was $170,000,000,
against $155,000,000 in the previous week,
reflecting more active business. Com
paring changes In the item of loans, six
of tin" larger banks indicate a loss of
$3,800,000 and the two institutions above
named show a decrease of $6,100,000. Five
of the banks lost $2,100,000 in cash, one of
which alone reduced this item by $2,300,000.
NEW YORK, Sept. W.— The Financier
this week says: The most notable fea
ture of the official statement of the New
The company .has fitted up the car
barns in such a manner that the men may
bo housed there after a fashion while the
company and the town are making ar
rangements to feed them.
SAUL.T STE. MARIE, Mich., Sept. 13.-
The shut-down of the Consolidated Lake
Superior Company, throwing 3300 men out
of employment, has caused a panic in ttie
Canadian Soo, which is in a worse condi
tion than ever before In its history. Many
persons arc preparing to leave- that city
at once, while* merchants are curtailing
their stocks and preparing In every way
to get through the winter in the best pos
sible manner with the least expense. The
action of tho police department in swear
ing in a large number of deputies, includ
ing all tho conductors and motormen of
the street railway lines, has served to
stir up the anxiety of the people.
A special train left laat night up the
Algoma Central Railroad to bring in the
1600 or more men employed in the woods
and mines. Not a man of them will have
a penny with which to buy food or lodg
ing. The company will pay the men in
checks, which will be good for nothing
until money has been raised and depos
ited. The feelinpr ot the people Is that
with so large a number of men turned
loose in the city, hungry and with no
money, the situation will ko dangerous.
A guard has been placed around the of
fice of the paymaster of the company and
the people are making desperate efforts
to arrange means for feeding and hous
ing the men until they can be taken out
of town.
Daily Average of Clearings
Proves That Business Is
More Active.
Shut Down of Lake Superior
Company May Lead to
Serious Trouble.
Men Thrown Out of Em-
ployment Are With
• out a Penny.
Absorptions by the Sub-
Treasury Reduce
Their Cash.
NEW YORK BANKS
SHOW A DECREASE
PANIC PREVAILS
IN CANADIAN SOO
THE SAX FRASCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 20, 1903.
Wilson married Miss Alice Carey of
Louisville last Sunday and, brought his
bride to Nashville. No cause is known
for *e deed, other than; the statement
made by tho prisoner that "Provldenca
directed her to' commit the crime."
31
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
"DIAMOND MARKET
AFFECTED."
This was predicted about one year aeo
Tim© alone has proven the assertion but
like all former triumphs of science' this
wonderful gem (Sapph Diamond) has had
to prove its way to victory. ¦ "
These gema bo closely rival the real dia-
mond In hardness tliat they are cut in
the same manner, receiving that hlirh
polish which causes them to burst forth
with that prismatic fire and brilliancy so
characteristic of the real product J c
DAVIDSON has but one agency estab*
lished on this coast, and that is at LM
Kearny street, San Francisco, Cal.
VBEWARE"
Of any one offering inferior substitute*
or claiming to represent me. "«-"iea
No electric lights used, "only at night "
"DAVIDSON'S GEMS" '
Are demonstrated side by side with real
gems and guaranteed to retain their phe-
nomenal luster. Reconstructed ruble*
emeralds, sapphires and pearls that
would foil the best of experts, Direct im-
porters ' of. Australian and Hungarian
opals. "World's greatest diamond Imita-
tor. J. C. DAVIDSON: catalogues.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
hJ0 of her life.
a mother should be a source of joy to all, but the suffering and
danger incident to the ordeal makes its anticipation one of- misery.
Mother's Friend is the only remedy Tvhich relieves women of the great
pain and danger of maternity; this hour "which is dreaded as woman's
severest trial is not only made painless, but 'all 'the danger is avoided
by its use. Those who use this remedy are no longer despondent of
gloomy ; nervousness, nausea and other distressing conditions are
overcome, the system is made ready for the coming event, and the
serious accidents so common to the critical
hour axe obviated by the use of Mother's Bfljv&gfe Aprtf^v
Friend. "It is worth its weight in gold," reiliiii^P %
tays many who] have used it. $1.00 per ifflVQllVB <J
bottle at drug stores. Book containing
valuable information of interest to all women, will _ JCfffcH f\E*,A&
be tent to any address free upon application to | *|g" ||||
EflAOnELD REGULATOR QO* Atlanta, Gat, T I1 IVIi^i
MISCELLANEOUS.
From 5c to 35c a yard Saving to You •¦"^^¦^¦¦¦^
| GREAT SALE OR
j Lowell Axminsters Imperial Wiltons Biggins Tapestries
j English Linoleums Bigelow Aiminsters Saoford Tapestries
I Bigelov Body Brussels Savonnerie Aiminsters Wilton Velvets
j Inlaid Linoleums Rojal Wiltons Stinson Tapestries
Hartford Body Brussels Victoria Body Brussels Hartford Aiminsters
Nearly 1500 rolls of all these fine FLOOR COVERINGS
i m the new Fall designs and colors have just come to us,
f and will be shown this week on our great second floor.
I Although the downtown installment houses have advanced
I prices. \ve still sell at last vear's low figures. NOTE THE
I DIFFERENCE.
jj &\. fAPPPT^
>\ <ri~AjrfSrT~^ ll£~*3£&9 AXKWSTEES-Tli" n-cw Fall and Winter do-
ll fj&aHSf V r S^tMBHl signs, by downtown install- «f» ¦* **f\
!f "^>"'<1 ) I * / n$8« combine houses for $1.50. . . . . . Tk I /I]
BSSJAAyA'Wk *pi.£v
i L^M^>ZJ^\Jr>^ BIOELOW LOWELL BODY. BRUSSELS
£ 5S55i \ Jr£^l~—3^. '-*•'! Charming Kail patterns. all col- G* ** I C
B \f Z. s^SX^/ju^^T^lfci-t or5! - All combine storoa get $1.65 Tk I ft *\
h l>v./\ %^7»;;^\V for It. Our price l P lt^ J
g f*f~\ \i'J?C»?-\s\ BIOELOW AND LOWELL AXMINSTERS.—
H s^w. V.V The regular $2.00 goods at the com- & <f sn
n IVf / 1 ll* 1 ?T*-P «\ h\nc houses, in a great variety of \| n^
ii f'V A £fc i^S^*^ *esitrns ..... 4'*« v ' fc '
•» «^/ fj '<S,v **\--- j. UfOSAJOfS — Agra weave, best of wool,
B /^Avy^^J^/ ful1 w^srht. all colors. Oriental and J jC
b iJJ ytf'/yrSjr floral designs; downtown *.<0c
H *^i. "^ IKOHAIJ7S — A superior article that ¦ «
_ ,. _ . tsells at downtown installment houses iL^f*
I Cottage CarpBis. «t toc tu\,
\l WILTOIT VELVETS — The new patterns cover a
|i A substitute for the wide scope In color and desipn. rf« ¦* *%#\
Ivs* c? mattlnc-a dur- downtown installment combine Ik I /I I
price $150 • y •"»
able product of cotton BRUSSELS— In many designs for the rmg\
i.fjvr-:n all the Orl- Fall trade, the quality that sells /UC
, . , - _„, for ?0c downtown " Vr
ental designs and col- TA p ESTBV BBXXS3EL S— Now Fall colors and
ors, worth Mciap designs. In a large variety. Install- rtrj
per yard CiDO ment houses get 30 cents and $1.23 *J[)C
l\ SATOirmSXT AZSSZSSTEKS — Exquisite new floral and Oriental de-
I"; FiEns have Just come in our Fal! shipment: pleasing patterns tf» ¦« f p
H for the parlor and bedroom. $1.65 Is the price of the Install- iLj
jj ment combine stores. Ours Is only *pM»-x**
g DOUBLE WIDTH WILTON VELVETS— Will cover ordinary hall
P nncl stairs without a seam: in rich Oriental ami floral designs for par-
m 'ors and bedrooms, and small figures for hall and stairs. Buy tfi 4 t f\
h It at the installment combine stores and you pay $1.90 for It. T^ I li.lt
0 We sell It for . 4> !••*%/
j LINOLEUMS 1
jj ENGLISH LINOLEUM — « feet ' J
jj v.ide, in 50 different patterns. If you Jire thlnkinsr seriously
[I tells at downtown in- r/\ of f'irnishing a flat, there never
V ; t ailment houses at J\JC was t ' lft opportunity 1>efore pre-
|, TCc sfnted to you to do it at a sav-
| a PBUfTiaJ xa»OLBT«S-AH the » T -g of from 35 to 40 per cent.
n e w cks t patterns. 12 JLf\ "ZTZ — ; — tT
fown iTsi £P c . e down " vvC Mailorders
.„,„ _ __ _" "1" "*1" „ Avp S lve * nft same attention to
IKLAID TILE LnTOLEXTM— The orders by mall as we do to sales
h~a EnsUsta make. ¦« In the store.
t^w£th%2.o£l ->1^»> We guarantee satisfaction.
j Made-up Rugs
Si GREAT VARIETY OF PATTERNS AND QUALITY
I MOST ANY SIZE. EXTREMELY LOW PRICES.
During the last thirty days our enormous sales of best
quality Carpets have left us with many remnants of the pret-
Itiest new Fall patterns. These we have made up into various
sized room rugs. WE get the mere cost of material and la-
bor out of them. YOU get the bargains.
S:Sx10:G Stir.son's <C I Z HH 8:3x10:6 d> -, rt ««
P « T a .r; c ? tr 5- 3>J6.UU Velvet $20.00
Q S:2xiO:o Sit 1 S:3xlO:3 Bodv I 11rft
B Tapestry 4>U.DU Brussels .' $22.50
1 b:3xlO:6 Body $17 00 S:3xlO:6 * l(rn
ft . Br n u * sels $1/.UU . Tapestry $11.50
II ?:2x9:8 00 S:"x8:3 Stinaons ( f/lnn
{; Axmlnstpr .pZU.UU Tape-.try $14.00
I*- S:SxlO:6 Body OHOO S :^ x 12 Wilton ""* '*->-» crt
t ,^w!s velvet $22.50
Axmlnstcr «P^U,UU VHvet !pZ/.5O
S:^x9:7 8:3xl0:« Stinson c 1 -7 en
Tapeftry Tapoptry $17.50
S:3x10:« C i / nn 8:3x10:5 C f Z nn
Tapestry .- -pJO.UU Tapestry $16.00
imWHITE HOUSE
IS NOW SHOWING
In the Xloak and Suit Departments
¦ • (Second floor).
NEW AUTUMN STYLES
Ladies' Suits and Costumes
ranging from the Strictly Tailor-
Made Model to the latest Paris-
ian Creations in fancy effects.
Coats for reception and street
wear — Separate dress Skirts
and Waists in exclusive Models
and rabnes from the best de-
signers in Paris, Berlin and
Ladies' Dress Suits /
Strictly New Model Three-
quarter length Pleated Coat, New
bkirt, coat lined with silk panne (hrtfi flfl
velvet and fancy braids, belt ef- \ i I I'M"
feet in fancy mixtures. Special at IjJ \$ l|— —
Ladies 9 Walkimg Siaits
of Tweed Zibelinejhree-quarter
length Coat, New Flare Skirt, (h ft ft Eft
coat silk lined, single breasted, \//'w»
velvet collar. Special at VjUmlm —
I — -i — - — .-••-• '
of Mannish Tweed, Three-quarter ¦.
lengthCoat,looseeffect,coatlined Aft r fjf|
with Skinner satin, flare skirt \ /ft'^^
pleated. Special at vSLu%$
•
Ladies 9 Walking. Skirts
in Scotch mixtures and black and blue chev-
iots, 8 and 9 gore. Three new models.
Special at $5^ $6i° and $74°
¦
i Closing Out-- Etamime aand Pom=
i • gee Sihlrt Waist Suits
At $25.00, $45.00, $50.00- and $55.00
| Regular prices $45.00, $75.00, $85.00 and $95. 00
! Best Summer styles, which are also adapted for ?
! Early Fall Wear.
j , — , — , . 1 — . .
| Waist Department
I; Novelty French- Foule
! Waists .
Rainbow weave, assorted stripes,
also black. Special at... ,
Heavy Vyhlte Crash (J» 0,501
Winter Waists . l . . - $L=
¦ — —^___ __
Natte Weave Silk Waists
Also of Pea'u de Soie, elaborately A^^n
trimmed with wood-fibre silk lace. jW/iCU
Value $9.50, special at .... .... ... . V f =ass
i / Xor.Post & Kearny Sts.
ADVERTISEMENTS. * »
STATEMENT
—OF THE— '»
CONDITION AND AFFAIE3
Norwich Union Fire
INSURANCE SOCIETY
OF Xorwlch. Ees'ar.d. on tha Slat 4a7 of
Dec»nab«r. A. X>. 1903. antl for ti» year
ending en tliat day. as mad-> t<* tho Insurance
Commissioner ot tha State of California, pur-
] *uant to the Provisions of Sections «1O and
611 of th« Political C&te. con-ipnse-l as per
blank furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid u?
In Cash :. $ <6O.00Q.0O
ASSETS.-, ' ~~
' Real Estat* ©wne<1 by Company. .% 2S3.30O.flO
I/oar,3 on Bon<Js and Mortgages.. 40.0CO.0O
| Ca?h Market Value of all Stocks
ar.d Bonds ©weed by Company.. ¦4.313,07S.5'>
Cash in Company's Office 600.00
Cash In Banks 1.119,377.34
• Interest duo anJ accrued oa j all
Stocks and Loans 43.531.9i
Interest due and acrrued oa
Bonds an 1 Mortgages 233. CO
Premiums in due Course of Col-
lection 97?,633.1S
Bills receivable. not Matured.
tak«n for Flr» and Marine
Risks .' «7,911.42
Total Assets $7.CS«.KW : «*
rJABlLITTES. ~~ ~
Lcuet adjusted'an'd unpaid ]
Lessen In process, of Adjustment I
or in Susp*nso - $-37,337.93
,I,ossm resisted, including ex-
penses )'
Gross premiums on Fire Risks]!
runnlns on<- vear cr less.
$ ; reinsurance CD per
cent 2.831.5^.51
I Cross premiums on F1r« RlskJ
! . running more than on«» jear.
$ — ! :• reinsurance pro rata. !
Cash dividends remaining unpaid. 2.2S0.39
r>u« and accrued for
rent. #tc... 15.000 .(m
B1H3 Fa>abl« 13.0C3.02
Total Liabilities '. $3.1«.«3.93
. INCOME.
K«l cash actually received for
Fire premiums $3. U3.S13.S7
Received for interest on Bonds
and Mortgages 1.563.30
Received for Interest and divi-
dends on Bonds. Stocks, Loan?.
and from all other sources 152.SS<*.T>
; Reeerlved for R«nt» 12.823. SS
i Received from all other sources.. 5,079. 2T
Total Income $5,233,307.53
EXPENDITURES. ~~
Net amount paid for Fir» Losses
(Including $- > loose* of
previous years) $Z45«,737.5-1
Dividends to Stockholders 213.7D0.0O
! Paid or allowed for Commission
cr Brokerage 1.022,677.17
! Paid for Sa.l«iri«««. Fees and other
charges for offtcers. clerks, etc. . 430,528. SZ
> Paid for State, National and
Local taxes 101.729.03
All oth?r payments and expendi-
tures C72.SCO.6I
Total Expenditures .....54. 520. 610. fir.
F1r». •
Losses Incurred durlne the year... $2,333,243.31
1 RISKS AND PREMIUMS.
I Fire Risks. | Premiums.
Net amount of I |
Klsks written
durins the year...'$l,913,7S3.S35 $8.92S.8M.C3
i Net . amount of
Risks • expired
durins the year.. 1.533, eil.SSS 5.C0C.74O.M
Net amount in
force December
31. 19C3 ¦ t.gll.579.110 8.C63.S33.M
"FRANK A. CUBITT. President.
C. A. B. BIGNOLD. Sacretary.
Subscribed ami sworn to before m». this
2Sd day of March. 1303.
I. B. T. HALES. Notary Public.
Pacific Department
314 California St., San Francisco
W. H. LOWDEM, Manager.
JOHN D. RICHARDS,
Superintendent City Department
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND APFAIBS
or the
INDEMNITY FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW YORK. IN THE STATE OF NEW
Tort, on the Clat day of December, A. IX.
1902. and for the year cnfllngr on that day. ma
I made to the Insurance Commissioner of -tha
! State of California, pursuant to the provisionj
i of sections 610 and «U of the Political Cod*.
1 condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
j mlI3 ioner: CAPITAL . .
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up la
Cash 1200, POO .00
ASSETS. ~
Ca»h Market Value of all Stoek3 and
Bonds owr.ed by Company $332.5Sf> Ort
Cash In Company's Of flee 4"» 41
i Cash in Banks 18.027 <«
Interest due and, accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 2.63O 0>
Premiums In due Course of Collection 27.155 7U
I Due from other Companies for Rein-
surance on losses already paid.... 293 65
Total Assets S423.08* 9O
LIABILITIES.
Lbssc* adjusted and unpaid 5 3.73T 36
Losses in process of Adjustment cr
in Suspense 11,471 9T
Leases resisted, lncludtns expenses.. 2.S13 0O
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. »IS2,7S7 lti:
reinsurance 60 p«r cent 01,333 53
Gross premiums on Firs Risks nra-
nlns more than one year, $79,. .
"10 04; reinsurance pro rata 43,47182
Due and accrued for salaries, rent,
etc '31 *R
All other Liabilities 8.083 6O
Total Liabilities .<163,583 »i
INCOME.
N«t ca* h actually received for Fire
premiums 1217.833 O
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks, Loans, and from
all other sources 9,332 C t
Total Income.. lit?^ 4 "
EXPENDITURES. ~~
Net amount paid for Fire Losses < In-
cludins $15,767 S3. losses of prevl- .
ous years) • M.2S-1 7(3
Paid er allowed for Commission or
Brokeraga il.lBS 27
Paid fcr Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 20.1C3 W
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes «,721 TO
All other payments «nd expendi-
tures 13.913 00
Total Expenditures 9179,213 Zfl
Fir* :
Losses incurred during the year <t0O.8P8 39
Klsks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.:
Net amount of Risks
jfe*??* .*! $23,903,745 $318.^23
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
yeir 21.367.1SS 233.S13 83
Net amount In force
December 31. 1902.. 21.041.US 232.093 V»
*"~~ A. F. LOSEE. Vic* Pr-sldent.
J. H. BURGER. Secretary.
Subscribed and s'vorn to before me. this 26QJ
day of January. 1903. EDWIN K. CORET,
Commissioner for California In New York.
Pacific Department .
314 California St., San Francisco
W. H. LOWDEN, Manager, t
JOHN D. RICHARDS, :
Superintendent City PepartmcrV-
At Manufacturer'B Price.
j. MARTY, 23 Turk Street.
Factory — S2'J Howard Street. Repalrlntf.B.F.Stoll, dentist; Haight & Masonic aw*
S. C. . Doyle .and William Galvln,' who
were arrested a week ago' on* a "charge of
obtaining money by false pretenses, plead
ed guilty before Police Judge Fritz yes
terday-and-were ea«h 6entenced..to. serve
sis months in tho County Jail. They had
been representing themselves as members
of tho Switchmen's Union and delegated
to receive subscriptions for it "Mrsi Da
vis." whose husband. was alleged to have
been killed in a railroad accident. * .
Fakers Plead Guilty.
Best bualnees houses In tho city are our cus
tomers. MyBcll-Rclllns. 22 Clay, i.rlntera. •;
A runaway horse dashing. along 1 Market
street shortly after 3 o'clock yesterday
afternoon caused a great deal of excite
ment and for a time endangered the lives
of many pedestrians. . D. M. Barrows, an
insurance clerk, residing at S3 Sanchez
street, had a narrow escape from deaths
lie was riding a bicycle along the street
when suddenly the maddened horse ran
him down, j He • was thrown to one side
and escaped uninjured. ¦ The . horse was
stopped after running several blocks.
Runaway Causes Excitement.
Reduced rates on household tool* to & frcm
tb« East & South. B* kin's. 11 Montgomery. , *
Miss "Wanda Irlng. bookkeeper In a
hardware storo at 807 Market street, se
cured a warrant from Police Judge Mo
gan yesterday for tho arrest of Mrs. L.
Vogot, %3 Golden Gate avenue, on a
charge of battery. She said she. had
roomed at Mrs. V ; ogel's house and there
was a dispute as to room rent. Yester
day mornlmr Mrs. Vogel called at the
hardware store and deliberately slapped
Mies Irlnff on the face, so the last named
Fays. ' " " ¦" — .-.-.-.
Has Her Face Slapped.
Fall Styles in Leather Goods,
I*idh-s' pocketbooks. wrist. bags, netsukl
purses, card cases and bill books, the pret
tleft things ever made. Your name In gold
letters free of charge. Sanborn, Vail &
Co., 741 Market street. • • - > .. •
Counterfeiters Sentenced.
United States District 'Judge "de" Haven
yesterday Imposed sentence on Jim 14 ajid
Ah Wong, who were recently convicted
of being found with counterfeiting? tools
In their possession. Tho sentence was
Imprisonment In the penitentiary at San
Quentln for three years at hard labor
and a fine of $100 each.
The arrest of the prisoners by United
States Secret Service Agents Hazcn,
Moffltt and Foster, assisted by the" local
police, broke up what would have been a
very dangerous gang of counterfeiters.
They occupied rooms on Merchant street,
n*ar the Morgue, and were captured be
fore they had had an opportunity of
making any bad coins.
The John M. Klein Electrical .Works an
nounce removal from No. 421 Montgomery
street to No. 107 Battery street After a
period of tw*>nty-four years on Montgom
ery street this firm Is compelled to secure
more commodious accommodations to
meet the large demand for their many
electrical specialties. Having four floors.
40x125, they will carry ,thc largest assort
ment of electrical supplies on the Pacific
Coast. If you cannot find what you want
at your regular dca!ers. try us. •
Removal Notice.
Miss Jean A. Dwyer, acting principal
of the South End School, appeared yes
terday before Superintendent Langdon In
relation to the charge that she had se
verely whipped Frank Duignan, a pupil.
Miss Dwyer informed Langdon that she
intended to stand on her rights in tho
matter and on that account would refuse
to answer the charge, because it had not
been filed by the legal guardian of the
boy, but by Thomas Kelly,, his uncle.
Langdon was not prepared to say
whether Miss Dwyer was correct in her
position .and therefore postponed further
consideration of the matter until next
Monday afternoon at 4 o'clock, when he
will have another conference with Mlas
Dwyer. ¦ , . , .
Miss Diryer, Accused of Whipping
Pupil, Says Charge "Was Not
Tiled by His Guardian. ;
PRINCIPAL EEFUSES TO
PUT IN ANY DEFENSE
Sarah A. McCurdy. who claims to be
li-.e owner of a one-third interest in prop
erty on Fremont street, near Howard,
brought suit yesterday to quiet tit If to
'hr r^ai'y ngainst I^Il^n 1L and Antone
Otto an<j Elizabeth Macken. She also asks
th» «~ourt to deHa.ro her to be entitled to
one-third of $31,000 received hy the defend
ants as rent for the property since Octo
ber C-j, 1£?6.
Sues for Interest in Realty.
The August report of City Architect
-Cuthbertson. filed yesterday with the
Board of Public "Works, shows that there
were 346 applications for building permits
filed, of which 3 were rejected and 9 with
drawn. The permits covered the erection
of 110 r.ew buildings, costing $986,310, and
43 alterations to old buildings, cos^n?
J170.097. The sum of $1373 was' received as
fees.
Many New Buildings Erected.
Dr. H. H. Keene Takes
as Bride Miss Clara
bel Turpin.
and Dr. H. II. Keene. The cere
mony .was performed last Thursday even-
Ing by Rev. F. M. Larkin at -the bride's
residence at 40 Bartlctt street. The hous«
was very artistically decorated for the
occasion with preen foliage," In which was
Interlaced pink and white roses. Tho
ONE. of tho most charming affairs
of the last week from a social
and esthetic standpoint was the
wedding of Miss Clarabel Turpin
BOARD TO STOP
HEAVY BLASTING
Complaint of Potrero
Residents Is Pound
Justifiable.
Assistant Chief Engineer Mooser fllefi
yesterday with tho Board of Public Works
a report resardlng a complaint of prop
erty owners about the blasting in that
portion of the Potrcro district between
Indiana and Tennessee streets and south
erly from Eighteenth street. Tho report
recites that heavier blasting is being done
than should bo permitted, and It should
be required that excessive charges and
the simultaneous firing of the same be
stopped at once.. .The. report continues:
Excavation i» pott beinz made in this dis
trict by tlire* contractors. E. Lantry & Sona.
the Iteal Estate and Development Company
and ths Southern Pacific Company. As far as
can be learned no complaint is made about
the work being: Upne by the Ueal Estate and
Development Company and the Southern Pa
cific Cuipoanv. There is. however,' very gen
eral complaint as to the Masting done by L»n
try & Sox:s and they axe made with Rood
cauec. , .
Lantry & Sons are using 8t«>am snovcis ana
loosening tlie material by hearjr blastln?.
Charges are placed In close proxtmlty to eacn
other and fired simultaneously with an elec
tric batten-. The result is a aevere lhaklne
of the ground, the explosion frequently throw
ine showers of rock, some of which falls *>n
houses .several hundred feet away. The Bhak
lwrMs so severe as to break window*, rack
buildings, crack ar.a break plaster on same, to
Bay nothing of the nervous shock suffered by
occupants of the bulldliws.
Other contractors workinc in the district
complain of showers of rock thrown on their
workmen. A resident on Tennessee street, be
tween Nineteenth and Twentieth, was struct
by a piece of falling rock, and another resi
dent on the Same block says^ that rocks wcigh
liiff four pounds have been thrown into bulld
ii.gs occupied by him.
The Board of Works, acting on the rec
ommendation contained in tho report,
will probably order the heavy blasting to
cease and that It be limited to reasonable
charges of explosives.
Test for Police Promotion.
Tne civil service examination for pro
motions from corporal to sergeant in, the
Police Department -will be held on October
3 1503 at 2 p. ' m. The scope of the ex
amination will include: General knowledge
of duties. 6 credits; writing. of reports. 1;
arithmetic. 1; seniority In 1;
m€ riotorious public service. 1. Total. 10
credits. Sixteen corporals have applied to
take the examination.- • --I;-' ~\';i
School Exhibit at World's Fair.
The department of education of the St.
Louis World's Exposition held a meeting
vestf rday In Superintendent Langdon's of
fice to make further arrangements for tho
exhibit of the school work of this State.
It was decided to send out circulars to
the school authorities of every city, out
lining the kind of exhibit it Is desired to
have, and another meeting will be held
to make final arrangements.
Music at the Park.
The follo-wlns programme nill be rendered
by the band at Golden Gate Park to- Jay: .
p art 1 star Spaneled ISanner. March.'
"P*»sin3 Ravins" : (new), Glmpel; overture.
"Zanetta." Aufcer: -waits, "La Barcarolle."
E WaWteufel: solo for trombone. '"The Hoiy
City"' < performed by Louis Klotz't, Adams;
grand' fantasie, "Cavalleria Rustlcana," Mas-
C Vori II — Grand • overture. "TannhauseT."
\Vajrn'?r: ballet music. from "Faust." Oounod:
selection from "The Vriacc of Pilsen,"
Lueders; selection. "Un Ballo in Maschera,"
Verdi; march, ."ililitalre. No. 1.7 Schubert. .
Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralrta-
Drugglsts, 50o flask. Richard * Co., 400 Clay. •
At the la?t mcrtlnsr of the Board of
Education the following resolution was
r.d<"'ptcd:
««->iol>»<i. that in the p^ssaK' of th ° reso
lution of Sopt*mb«r 10. 1IKK. Htrlking the name
of Miss Henrietta B. fcyrn* from the h!(?h
sdMOl substitute ltd, it •was not tb* Intention
of -.hi Board of Education to r«>fl'?ct upon the
uMltqr 01 Mlrs Prni? i>5 a toarhfr, the action
}'«vfnjr b«»«-i tak»n •-¦n'y for th* purpose of
j;bo!Uh!n* the hieli wdtoai substitute list.
MiFF Byrr.» is now filling: a. vacancy in
tho Lowell High School occasioned by the
illness of. T. R. Kelly.
Eeabon for Dropping Teacher.
Lervey Is Released.
Patrick Lcrvey was released from cus
tody by Judge Dunne yesterday, r.o oppo
sition having 1 been made by District At
torney "Whiting. Lervey was detained In
the City Prison as a witness In the Boir
crs poisoning case, and a •WTlt of habeas
corpus had been applied for to have him
released. As he irave his evidence on Fri
day there was no further need to keep
him in prison.
The efforts of Chief of Police Wittman
to prevent the blockading of streets by
arrtfctlns the members of the Socialist
party who nlshtly deliver harangues on
the political and other questions of\the
day on the street corners are in the fu
ture to be obstructed by the 'orators and
their followers. Yesterday a suit for an
injunction restraining the Chief from
making any more arrests of street ora
tors; was filed by a number of 'members
•f the Socialist party. They claim that
the police arc acting without- warrant or
legal right In making the orrests.
The s"it in brought by Gustavo von
Braun! William Costley, G. S. Hclmes,
Leslie Brown, Arthur. M.. Lewis. Lena II.
Lewis, G. W. Woodbey, J. E. Wyhs. I.
Shenkan and. P. J. Cowley. Their com
plaint is a lengthy document and recites
the fact that for the last three months
tho Chief of Police and his officers have
been making numerous arrests of street
speakers who are affiliated with the So
cialist party. They.- claim that neither
he nor " his ' officers have any right to
disturb them in their public meetings or
methods of informing the public at largo
of the condition of affairs, political or
otherwise, in this city and the country
at largo. They say they are almost con
tinually annoyed and harassed by the
Chief and his men, despite the fact that
the Police Judges refuse to convict them
and thnt the Superior Court haB decided
that a street speaker is no more guilty
of obstructing the streets than is a mer
chant who attracts crowds to the front
Of his store by an attractive window dis
play.
A few months a eo Judge Seawell ren
dered a decision on the point raised In
tho present case. He lupued an Injunc
tion on comr>lalnt of .William Costley,
one of the plaintiffs In yrEterday's ac
tion, restraining- the police from inter
fering with him in his capacity as street
orator, holding that Costley did no more
to obstruct the streets by talking In such
a. manner as to attract a crowd than did
the merchant who attracted a crowd to
his store bv making an attractive dis
play in his window. Judge Seawell also
said in his opinion that to countenance
the actions of the police. would be to place
a premium, on dullness, "for." he said,
"the arrest of a man whose sneech pos
sessed sufficient merit to attract a crowd,
simply because of the presence- of tho
crowd.- would mean that a man but a
few feet away whose speech attracted
but is. few. or none .at. all. could talk as
long as he pleased."
The joint Committee on Finance, Health
and Streets of the Board of Supervisors
held a meeting yesterday and adopted a
caustic' report for presentation to the
board at to-morrow's meeting strongly
disapproving the action of the Board of
Health and the Board of Public Works
in raising salaries of subordinates In their
departments in defiance of the plain terms
of tho municipal budget for th« present
fiscal year.
The report' further recommends to tho
board that a resolution be adopted re
questing- the Board of Health and the
Board of Works to rescind their action in
raising salaries on their own account, and
to use th<» money for the specific purposes
designated in the budget.
The report begins by stating that the
committee has made an exhaustive Inves
tigation of the salary. ralGes, and takes
the two departments named to task for
ignoring the plain intent, both implied
and expressed, of the Supervisors In ap
propriating specific funds for the- various
municipal departments. The committee,
while realizing that the Health Board and
the Board of W<«rks have absolute au
thority over the expenditures of their re
epective appropriations, call3 attention to
the fact that the various sums allowed
the municipal departments were only
agreed upon after a thorough inqulry.into
the requirements, of th© offices and were
based only upon their actual needs. The
report deplores the . fact that the two
boards under flre saw nt to override the
recommendations of the board as to the
disposition of public funds. '
The Health Board is also particularly
called to account for having used funds
appropriated by the Board of Supervisors
for the creation of additional positions
deemed necessary for the proper enforce
ment of sanitary regulations for tho rais
ing of salaries not contemplated by the
budget. The report concludes:
Your committee rerrets that the Board of
Supervisora has not the po-a«r to repeal the
action of the Health Board and th« Board of
rubllc Works in raising salaries for which no
j?rovlslon was made in the' budget. It can
only ask that th« two boards named b» re
quested to rescind of their own volition the
proceedings providing for raises in I eal&rleg
which this board did not countenance and tho
funds for which should b«s devoted to other
purposes already designated.
guests numbered eeventy-flve. An or
chestra was present to furnish music for
the ceremony and for tho wedding lunch
which followed.
The bride was beautifully goirned in a
handsome creation of crepe de chine over
white taffeta, trimmed with handworked
lace. Her jewels were diamonds. Brldo
roses were the flowers she carried. The
young couple were the recipients of many
beautiful and "costly" presents."
The bride Is the only daughter of F. lu
Turpln, a prominent capitalist. The groom ,
Is a rising young dentist. ' . = - i
i CHim They A^e Violating No
! Law by Talking on the
i Corners.
Want Police Restrained
i From Disturbing
! Meetings,
Take Exception to Defiance
of Provisions of Munici
pal Eudget. .
Supervisors Call Boards
of Health and Works
to Account.
STREET ORATORS
ASK PROTECTION
SALARY RAISES
ARE DISAPPROVED
THE SAN !B AS CISCO CALt." SUNDAY. 'SEPTEMBER 20, 1903.
SOCIETY GIRL
WEDDED TO
A DENTIST
POPULAR TOUNG COUPLE OF
THIS CITY WHO WERE MAR
RIED YESTERDAY.
Opening of No« Valley School.
The Board of Education Intends to cele
' brate the opening of the No© Valley
School, which will toon be ready for oc
cupany. by literary exercises to be held
in the building. The board hopes that th»
butldlns win be ready by the- middle of
October, when the celebration will take
i place. The details of the affair are in
i tho hands of Director Walsh, who prom
ises an Interesting programme. In which
Mayor Schmttz and other. city officials
will be asked to assist. The Xo« Valley
School is tho first to bo built ia this city
for eight years.
32
MAGNiN'S
AUTUMN DISPLAY
Girls' and Misses' Dresses, Cloaks, Suits and
Millinery.
In all that £ocs to make up a young girFs ward-
robe we arc offering this season more attractive nov-
elties than ever.
Our experts arc certainly very successful in creat-
ing new styles and adopting the latest Parisian
modes.
School wear has received careful attention, and
is offered at very low prices.
MISSES' TWO-PIECE SUITS of all-wool fancy mix-
tures; guaranteed satin-lined coat; this sea- QA tZ(\
son's newest skirt: exceptionally good design \^J*»Ov/
for misses from 13 to 16 years of age
CHILDREN'S LONG COATS, made of all-wool Vcnc- .
tian cloth; lined throughout with fast color farmers' satin:
<Ieep circular cape; rolling collar: very full sleeves and deep
cuffs: cape, collar and cuffs prettily trimmed <£ m f\f\
with S 'ows of white silk star braid; shades of V«"l»"v
red, navy and tan; sizes 1 to 7 years v
Special Sale of
200 Silk Waists
These model waists are made of a dozen different
kinds of silk materials, in a varied and pleasinj? vari-
ety of coloring?, including black; all sizes.
The correct prices of these waists are
$10.50, $12.00, $15.00 and $16.50
We will place the entire lot on sale Monday at 9 a.
m. at the ridiculously low price of
V+J a each
Do not fail to attend this sale and take advantage
of the extraordinary values we are offering
918-922 Market Street
Our fall and winter catalogue contains a complete line of
stylish wear for women and children. It will be
sent free upon request.
¦ ?^ AD VEBTI3EMEKTS. _^
818-820 /AAPKeT 5T, t 6AK FPAKCI5CP.
RIBBONS. FEATHER BOAS.
All Silk Taffeta Ribbons— 3 >~ We have some beautiful novel -
inches wide, in white, cream, ties in Ladies' Feather Neck
rink. Hue. nile, turquoise helio, Pieces; also in Spangle Sets of
cardinal; also black. Reg. Stoles and Capes at very low
price 15c yd. Special 10c prices.
All Silk Louisine— 4 inches wide. Ladies' Underwear — Ladies'
wliite. black and all latest sleeveless undervests. Reg.
shades. Reg. price 17c yd. price 25c. Special 9c
.^^¦.¦•V^;''"'^'-'-' 1^ Ladies' Drawers-Jersey rir>
All Silk batm latfetas— sh inch- bed# R e g. price 35c. Special
es wide, in black, white and 20c
pretty summer colorings. Reg. '.""", ... n o c T f n
price 30c. Special . . . . I5c yd Large variety of WO R S I CD
Any of tresc ribbons fed by our SHAWLS from_ .---
expert bow m kr- Ir-e of charge. • 50C tO^»1.t)UCa
WHISK BROOMS— Large variety, always sold at 25c, 35c and
40c each. On special sale at • • 20c each
HA\ ! D MIRRORS— Hasel back, wood frame, either for standing or
har.jiin?. Rejz. price 50c each. Special • 2Jc
SHOE POLISH -Whittemore's-For ladies' or gents' shoes, combin-
ation paste and fluid, cither in tan or black- Reg. 10c. On
special sale 7c box
COMBS— Celluloid, horn and rubber. Reg. 25c and 35c. Special
value at > 17c each
CLOTH BOUND BOOKS AT PAPER NOVEL PRICES.
The following cloth bound' books, worth regular 35c, on sale while
they last at 1 5c each, 8 for $l.OO.
'Black Rock, The Brownies, The Black Tulip, Camille. Micah
Clarke. Children of the Abbey, Las-t of the Mohicans. Last Days of
Pompeii. Kidnaped, Kenilworth, Jane Eyre, John Halifax Gentleman,
Ivanhoc. Reveries of a Bachelor. Inez. Hiawatha^ Famous Men. Guy
Mannering. The Economical Cook Book. East Lyiine. Deemster. Sapho,
Red Gauntlet, Sign of the Four. Song of Miriam, Talisman, Scottish
Chiefs. Two Orphans, Tom Brown's School Days, Pickwick Papers,
Dora Thome Don Quixote, Esther, House of the Wolf, Little Dorrit
and many others.
Knives, Razors and Shears Ground and Repaired.
Picture Frames of All Descriptions Made to Order.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Durimr the cast wesk we hava received
large shipments for this deDartraent anj are
now showing a most comDlete assortment of
cloths for faU wear in ths hest makes and
newest co'orings.
7Rn Yrl f 52-Inch LADIES 1 CLOTH, in
A Ub I Ui f Mix?d Graus, Navo. Cardinal
Cl flfl YH [^-Inch BROADCLOTH, in
OliUU I Ui -I about 18 different shades ?
-: taiso Black,--;
C I K f) YH f 50- Inch AMAZON CLOTH,
dis JU I lii in all the new shades for
Uallj also Black,
Cl 7K YHf 50-Inch BROADCLOTH, in
Oli 13 I Ui -j Creams, Champagne and
I Pearl Grau-
00 flfl Vrf f 50-Inch AMAZON CLOTH,
0/iUU I Ui in 25 different shades ; also
¦ Blackjaveru superior finish,
00 nnYd f 56-Inch EXTRA HEAVY
OZiUUlOi BROADCLOTH, in Blues,
.Tans, Browns and Reds.
0Q nil VH r 56-Inch ENGLISH YENE-
OUiUU llli-j tians, latest shades of Blues,
I Tans, Greens and Purple.
We will also show an elegant line of Gof Srdrtlng f
Heavg Tweeds, amels' Hair, Coyert Cloths and Beavers;
also Cordurou and Slix-flnisbel Velvet Cords.
NOTE- In ordering samples of ahove goods please
state riualltg and color ' required. '¦
ill, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
ADVERTISE2EENTS.
It . •* FYif^lllCll/D nl
m ' Novelties... /I
ff^A,, Women's Siiits.|
¦ dffi;$^'jjjf^lllHj^ if Its Merc It's New.
oiJ^-3 2^||^5rift«^v This month's showing in High
¦ . \ Art Dress. and Walking Suits
will be handsome garments for
street and dress occasions. The great majority of them are long
skirled and fairly regal with rich decorations, capes and cape ef-
fects, large sleeves, fancifully devised girdles, costly buttons,
braids, etc.— all 'combine to make our coats a fitting complement
of the skirts and blouses. They are made of cheviot, Scotch mix-
tures, tw.-eds, Zibelines and all are magnificently tailored. Prices
$20.00, $25,00, $30.00, 335.00 S&S1D0 SSL
* *'r*^T i isinifr-*-**^^ p *^*^' "+~ : * 9vy*^^^^^^jy 1 i A t JL WL m mi A A Jl A 9t 0
&;$£'_J& 9& I Especial attention is directed to the
a^tii^NS J?i // chic seasonable novelties. in Hats, srrace-
V^tiTv^s^ fj // ful in outline and very neat and practi-
¦i... /Vr^TNfeC. ;// ca l > n the trimming. Our many dififer-
W^i fch^^ZZ^^ f nt st >'l cs afford ..a splendid opportunity .
V ytrf (or a choice- selection. Remember this
> vf is the Modest. Price Store.
Extra Special Glove Value.
To acquaint our increasinsr trade with -the famous Perrin Gloves we
place on sale Monday. September 21, at 8:30 a. m:. hundreds of pairs of
Ladies' 3-clasp Glace Kid Gloves in shades of Black, 56 *f «1S
White, Cream, Panama, Mode Beaver, Tan, ; . apa i r
Brown and Red, which are a regular $1.50 value, at. .
Every Pair Fitted and Guaranteed.
Ladies' Crepe de Chine
Cheviot Waists Waists at
. for Autumn $2|.5O
The hundreds of exquisite modes, ¦ , ¦ ¦• Each.
the extreme novelties that are. dis-. Real. value, $6.50. . , .U v
played here will captivate the vis- As a special-inducement we offer
itofs to our waist section in the An- varied r styles of Crepe de Chine
nex. They fit faultlessly and are Waists in shades; of Pink. Lieht
.made according to the newest and Blue, Cream, Black or. White at •
most fashionable ideas. Their rich- this unusually low price. They are
- ness is undeniable. We have all extremely ; beautiful : and must be
sizes at every price. seen to be appreciated.
Con&ecny'St and StxtntoCve.
Ag-ents' Royal Worcester^ — ¦»
BXFE3.T OPTICIAN.
@M?> Relieve
Muscular Strain
Of tho eyes that rob the vlyor of the rost
of the body, ns* George 3X&yar!e's glass—.
They ar» Intended for more than the aM-
Ingr of vision. Do not procrastinate In tho
matter of havlnc your «yn exaaUaed.
Superintendent of PuMio Iastractioa.
- 1432 lACTiaa at.. San Francisco.
G«ors» Mayerla—Dear Sir: 1 am to vary
much pleased with tha glasses you mad*
for n>» that I feel constrained to Tohznteer
my beaxty commendation of your work. X
have used flaues for forty-flve ysan.
Durlnsr all this period I have nerer been
bo well suited. X now enjoy comfort here-
tofore denied me. I wish that I had met
you years aeo. Very truly yonrm^
J. W. AJTDERSOrc.
Bs-Sap«iintend«nt of Public Instruction
for California.- • • •
GERMAN EYE WATER
¦dggg^^t I> a- harmless and eSaetl'**
remedy: It tnataatiy rv
lieves all ey» troubles, makaa
• ¦w»ak eyes stronr. 4issued
eyps well: of rr«at benefit to these wtar-
lnir rlassec: 6to per-bottle; by mall. t>2c
CAUTION—The genuine bears the Trade-
mark —an. Eye-In a- Cro'WTi—and tha sicaa>
ture of
GEORGE MAYERLE
Gorman Expert ODtieiap. Charter Usmbtr
American Association of Opticians.
1071 MARKET ST.. 8a!f nUHGXSCO.
Opp. CaUasitan Bldr-. near Ttli st.
Fbone South 072.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
| Oriental Goods j
: At Wholesale Prices t,
We Offer Our Entire Extra «a« Col-
lection ot
{Oriental Rugs
| AND CURTAINS .::
t At 25 Per Cent ii
I \ Discount from ro*ra2*r retail prices. !,
We are sole agent* for
?¦ JOHN CROSSLEY & SON'S
iCELEBBATED ENGLISH CARPETS :
jCliasJl. Plum & Co.i
j Cor. 9th and Market Sts. -jSome day.'sO do'not forget that -we sell at
carload prices In . the leather, goods depart
ment; Suit cases ; and traveling bags - at
satisfactory "prices.. Sanborn, Vail & Co.,
711 Market street- . •
You'll Need Trunks
OAKLAND. Sept. 19.— The City Coun
cil will be formally advised Monday night
by City Attorney McElroy that the as
sessment for taxable purposes In this city
must r be based upon v the assessment aj
glveYi by the Assessor and equalized by
the City Board of Equalization. This will
not necessarily change the present levy
ot '" S1.257, although the members of the
Council are agreed that the rate of $1.2*
will be better because of the ease with
which the extension can be figured by thu
Assessor.
Equalized Assessment to Stand.
John Wilson, a colored man, .was arrested
yesterday by Policeman • Hsnneberry T on a
charge of burglary. Wilson Is accused of hav.
Ing robbed the room of a stevedore named Judil.
The lbct'he 1b alleged to have secured Included
an 51S. time cheek of Judd's. and It waa in at
tempting to set thls-caahed at Steuart-strest
¦wharf that Wilson came to grief. . <. ¦•
Time Check Trapped Him.
Majority of Citizens Vote Against
Proposition Which, They Claim,
Would Increase. Taxes. -
OAKLAND, Sept. la.— The project of in
corporating Fruitvale was defeated to-day
by. a large vote at the election held la
that place.
The forces opposed to the incorporation
gathered strongly and polled about 250
votes to 70 for Incorporation. *.
The election was hotly contested. The
main argument used by those who dis
favored Incorporation was that the taxes
would be increased too much.
FRUITVALE WILL NOT
BE INCORPORATED
There will be another blgr time at Cone*
Island, the new pleasure resort, near Cllfl
House, this afternoon. Professor Vos
mer will ascend in his monster airship.
There will also be a refined vaudevillt
show and band concert. » ¦; •
VOSMER SMOKES UP.
CLEVELAND. Sept. 19.— Lou Dillon
(2:00) In an attempt* to beat the world's
wagon record of 2 :04»i, held by "herself,
trotted a-mile in 2:05'.4 to-day at the Glen
ville track.. . The . weather, was . extremely
cooi. while the track was somewhat heavy
as a result of recent rains. ¦. -
Lou Dillon Fails to Beat Record.
Sylvester Shaben, vice president of the
Retail Clerks* Union and a member of
the District Council of Retail Clerks, Is
making an active campaign to secure the
Republican nomination for County Clerk.
There are signs of an Interesting con
test .for Public Administrator between for
mer State Senator Thomas C. Maher and
William E.' Lutz.' * ; '
A strons effort is, being made, in the
Fortieth District-delegation to bring about
the indorsement of M. L. Asher for Su
pervisor. Fred W. Meyer, a well, "known
merchant of the district, has a legion of
frienfls in the convention who are advo
cating his nomination ' to j represent the
people. in thg Board of Supervisors.
Louis Lawson was accosted by two
men at an early hour this morning at
the corner of New Montgomery and
Howard streets. The men attempted
to hold him up, but he shouted for
help* and Patrolmen Heiririchs and
Tillman came ' to ' his ' rescue. The
footpads took to thein heels.. The of
ficers fired two shots at them. and one
bullet hit John Devins, one of . the rob
bers, in the head, inflicting a slight
wound. Devins was captured, but
his companion escaped.
t ¦¦"¦ ¦'- . . / •
are stated Mr. Crocker, himself will ap
preciate my position. My attitude may be
acceptable to him." , • ¦ . .
A prolonged session of the officers of
the United Republican League was held
last night. The secretary wan instructed
to say to .tne. .newspapers reporters that
the session -was- executive
The Thirty-eighth District delegation to
the -'.epublican convention met last even-
Ing and Indorsed D. B. Faktor and i^r.
J. I. Stephens for .the Board, of Super
visors. A. Van Der Naillen Jr. was in*
dorsed for- a patronage- office", the position
of County Clerk being preferred.
Yesterday the company .had the time
checks of the men who have struck ready
for issuance, but the latter did not call
for'them, having, so it Is reported, been
advised by the strike committee not to
do. so.
F. Halton. auditor of tne U. B. R. E.,
who has charge of tne strike In the au
jsence of General -lanajjer Estes, stated
during the afternoon that another appeal
would be made to President Foster of the
road to-day ! to reinstate McDonald and If
th|» recuest was met with a refusal at
least SO per cent of the men still work-
Ing on the. road would to called out .uuon
day. The officials of the road claim that
they have no fear of a general strike.
Several reports received at Tiburon yes
terday, from points up the line were to
the effect that a number of new men
had joined the strikers and the committee
in. charge of the strl&e was exceedingly
Jubilant over what it considered indica
tions of a general walKout. President
Foster and the other officials of the road,
however, declared late yesterday that no
men had left the employ of the company
during the day and^that no -trouble was
being experienced in uie running of trains
and boats. President Foster said:
Reports have been given out to the effect
that we have received assurance! from various
labor organizations of San Francisco that we
can have all the men we want to take the
places of the strikers. I have had no commu
nications from the labor organizations on this
subject and the company - has made no over
tures to them regarding the filling of places.
We are, however, besieged by applicants for
work and will have little trouble In filling the
places vacated In the railroad shops when we
are prepared to do so. In any event, we do
not" purpose to reinstate Watchman McDonald,
ami umler no circumstances will we be com
pelled to confer with the United Brotherhood of
Railroad Employes or any other outside bodies
regarding how we shall conduct our business.
With all Its trains and boats operating
on schedule time and with its ability, up
to the present time, to handle freight de
livered at its wharves, the California
Northwestern Railway claims that it has
the strike on its road well in hand and
expects no further trouble. Yesterday
was a quiet one at Tiburon, a fact which
is attributed tb the desire of the men
who have quit their work to carry on
the strike in a peaceable manner and to
that' end they have taken every possible
precaution to prevent outsiders from mix
ing in their affairs and getting them Into
trouble.
Police Catch -John De
vins, but His Com
panion Escapes.
California Nor thwestern
Strike Develops No
Vita] Changes.
FOOTPAD SHOT
AND CAPTURED
ROAD CONTINUES
TAKING TRAFFIC
My friends, I trust that the solemn ceremo
nies of this occasion may not be lost upon
° rur , J ? ie * rt f- . In the . rl " of tnls nuutnlBcent
building, for Us noble purposes, its doiur has.
written his name forever . on the tablets of
love and memory, his acts are an inspiration
to all rood citizens. May Its walls never echo
a sound of discord or unkmdness and may
all tht education and Influences t&at flow
The president of the order called upon
Pait President Lewis F. Bylngton to de
liver the invocation, after which he' called
upon Henry Martin, grand treasurer, and
Henry Lunstcdt, grand secretary of the
Native Sons of the Golden West, to learn
whether they had prepared the documents
which were to be placed inside the stone,
and when each had answered in the af
firmative be accepted a silver trowel pre
sented by the architect of the building,
and as the etone was lowered In its place,
h» said:
By the authority In me vested and under
the kind Invitation of the trustees of the Pub
lic Library of the city and county oC San
Francisco, and In the name of the Grand Par
lor of the Native Sons pf the Golden West. I
lay this etone on a firm foundation and dedi
cate this building, to tbe purposes cf the dis
semination of knowledge and the five educa
tion of the. masses, for keeping ever burning
brightly the torches of friendship, loyalty and
charity: and the protection of our republican
form of government.
CORNERSTONE IE LAID.
The three period* of California's history, be
ginning with the cesEion of this territory by
Mexico in 1«47. are of Interest to all Callfor
r.ians. Uegfnr.ing with the latter date we may
divide the history of the State into ! three
periods, which may be severally symbolized by
fold, wheat and fruit, which are the symbols
of our progress and prosperity. Previous to
the discover!' of gold our State attracted but
little attention from the world at large. Her
fair land had slept fcr ages unexplored under
a fur. which shone upon the rise and splendor
of th« civilizations of *arth. and which had
¦et with the fading lights of their ruin; the
wild harbingers of spring had been yearly sung
in the wilderness unto the glories of this land,
but the advancement of other countries had
gcr.e unheeded by, and ita wild barbarism was
fr«-tted only by tome adventurous spirit, who
settled in the broad valleys cf the great river.-,
where the «moke that curled from his cabin
mingled with the untmted air of heaven and
marked the lonelinecs of his abode, and where
hi was content to drag out a monotonous ex
ist wiee, free from car*e, restraint* anil respon
sibilities of an exacting world. . But when the
excited mesyenjrers flew to the four points of
civilization, bearing messages of the discovery
of gold, drama-Itke. these scenes were changed
and, border-like, scattered the custom* of
centuries and planted that civilization' whose
eoclety and government was based upon the
unwritten laws and the instinctive justice of
the human race. Gold and silver ore typify
this ftrwt oart of California's history, j For
them the pioneers mad* their perilous Journeys;
without them our glorious State v/culd. In all
human probability, have remained unsettled for
many years, and many now prosperous Slates
lying between us ar.d the East would not yet
have galled their prepent etandlng-
Thoie who came to California in the early
days to F.eek for eold little dreamed for a mo
ment of t'.ie future destiny of our State: thr-y
came to seek for gold and did not Imagine
that the treeless valleys or the brown foothills
Tvere capable of bearire more valuable products
than tviid grasses or ths ttUJ cattle and horses
that roamed the plains: little did they think
that California would be made the granary of
the world: that the sails of commerce woull
p!y between the grrrat harbors of the Pacific
and tJie entire civilized vvcrld. May we not bs
li^ve that in their- wildest dreams they never
hellevrd that California at the bejclnninB °f the
tv.-T.tleth ctntury would bo situated geosraphi
rully In the center of the United States and its
Territories — the greater! nation known to
ancient or modem history — a nation that com
mands the respect and admiration of the entire
civilised world? Yet. tho germ of prosperity,
the sv-irit ani' inspiration that accompanied
snd surrounded th<* eaily arsenauts has been
fo#tered end revered, until to-<iay our State,
number* its poi-u!atlon in the millions and'
•-omparcs Its prosperity favorably with any
State in our great federal bond. Can the world
wonder then that we citizens and residents ot
California are proud to call ourselves Callfor
nlann? Can the v. - or!d wonder that we native
i"8ilforniar>i< glory in the fact that we are Na
tive i*on« of the Golden West?
h»« charged' the history of - the : world - and
added treasures untold to the wealth. of na
tions, and to-day • she ha» before her possi
bilities for the future far greater than the
accomplished .facts Ehe, has already left upon
her pages of history-
STATE'S HISTORY.
We Tirho claim California, as tLe State of our
•¦¦::—. y tak« a rpeclal pride in her educa
fional Institutions. Blessed as we are with
fni'.ti and flowers, our golden harvest, our
laoustaiss and lakes, our mineral and climatic
wealth, ret ot* ever turn, with ¦ pleasure to our
*eucal!onaJ institutions for Inspiration and for
th* rea!izs.tioa of our hopes for tbe dectlny of
iw ftJate and nation.
The hiftory of the State of California is a
rhort one. yet Indeed Is tt replete with stirring
incidents and acts cf national nctc tn a
*hort fifty-three years, less than, the allotted
»rtfe of on* htiman <if«, California has been
«rmquere<J. eettled, civilized and to-day Is the
*?at of two of the greatest Insti
tutions of th« world, tbe University of Cali
fornia end y^mnA Stanford Jr. Uslverslty. Eh*
¦octet?, it «ni whose r*crei work, ban-d not
x. :¦ ¦:: traditions of centurW er<>. Is apace with
the times and whos» purposes are constantly In
tuuch and sympathetic with the healthy growth
«rd prosperity of our native land. Founded
on the love and Inspired by the traditions of
*iur pioneer ancestors, it lb the pride of this
• >rdcr that 1U lofty •ins have gained and held
i hi rer&ert and admiration of our whole peo
rl« > . r»ear<ilf?s of claes. eect or cre*4. Undr>r
• ur banner all men are equeJ. and within our
lurks all ambition 1* pubscrvient to the clcry
arA gooi n»m« of California,
TYe ftel that it is peculiarly fitting that cur
nrtJer ha« be<Mi lnvltftj to lay the cornerstone of
ih!a building which is to be for al! tirce a utore.
louse of Information for the citir^ns of our
<¦!'.:¦•. our Staf?. our nation and the world at
laryr. In the hiftory of the peoples that have
Jived and died and left their characters upon
ihe face of tlm*\ where their Bins and virtues
t-tand as examples of warning: or emulation,
• duration has «?ver been the brightest factor In
ri»veloping the human mind and extending 1 civ
!'!zatlon and brhiging about the amelioration of
!*:<; human raer.
The order of the Native Sons, while a secret
WHAT OBDER. REPRESENTS.
I ccscratuJat* you and him upon the laying
of Use toundatlon of this edifice which you are
*..bout to dedicate to tho»» virtues which lie at
the very foundation of our liberty; tor, ae our
plonefr fathers and mothers loved their free
dom and taught tts le«»ons on the broad plains
and the «te*D mountain eldes. a* tn*y crossed
•.ha Flerra, in dark ravine* and under th»
canopy of the heavens in the early history of
t-vr State, eo v/t, by the milder ways of peace
:.ow endeavor to instill into the minds of the
youth of our beloved State the Icrsona of lib
erty — that liberty which makes goo-l cltlien*
ar.d pood gavernment; that liberty of conscience
that penults man to worship his creator after
The- dictates of his own conscience; that liberty
c( speech that permits honeft discussion anil
«ritlci«m of our governmental policy and nuh
".!<*. servants: that liberty that places »>very cit
izen of our Stat* on an equal footing- and makes
Cor the betterment or all mankind.
For tfaa order of tbe Native Sons at larc*
an3 for the citizens cf our entire Etate I can
but Miy that his uureifish effort and geriej-nus
i-ounty bespeak, for him tho keenest apprecia
tion and calls from us expressions of elncere
sraUtude. .
Mr . Preeident end Trustees of the Public
Library — In the name of end on behalf of the
Order of the Native- Sons of the Golden West.
ec its cfclef executive officer, I accept with
pleasure, and. I trust, pardonable pride, the
£utie» and bonor conferred on our order In
granting uc th« pleanant privilege of carrying
»;ut tha ceremonies incident to the laying of th«
• ornerstoDe 'of this public building, which has
N*a bo senerously presented to thl» city and
oounty and dedicated to the 'public by Mr. An
<!rew B. McCrecry. To you ajid to him Indeed
th« occacion mutt b« rratifylns.
:-.c than the pyramids, for it rests upon a foun
c-atlcn mor; lasting- than the sands of the dee-
Tt — the r»sj>ect and consideration nf hie fellow
«ttizens of fi»n Francisco. This buildinff will
be an everlastlnj monument to his benevolence.
>il« liberality and hit public spirit- The lru»
te*« of tho Public Library have invited the
Native Sons of the Golden West to conduct the.
r*reraones cf laying tbe cornerstone. We have
<-onruJted with that bo^y and I take great
pleasure In lntroduciTiE H. K. McXotlo, %r&nA
president of the order (Applause.)
President McNoble delivered an address,
whlcb was frequently interrupted by ap
plause. He cpoke in part as follows:
NATIVE SONS TAKE CHARGE.
He has wisely choe»n during his lifetime _to
<-rpct a mausoleum v.hirh will l>«» more endur-
School and president of the Board' of
Library Trustees, presided. In operrftg
the exercises be raid:
BaMenti of Eureka Valley. Otficre of the
Municipality, dtlzers of the City and County
< f Ban' Francisco. Ijnileg ar.d Gentlemen — As 1
¦ m th* shortest epeaker on the programme you
t.III partion rne for mounting the box.' (Laugh
ter.) We liave been called together to-day to
? ay the cornerstone of this building, ¦which will
1« fievoted to the development and culture of
rhe residents of this 'popular end growing peo
licn of the county, and lnclJentally thereto to
•-uder our tribute ci respect too our fellow
»-lt'.zen. Andrew n. McCretry. < Applause. )
EXCITING ' INCIDENTS IN THE OPENING FOOTBAU. GAME OF THE
-v' SEASON ON THE 'CAMPUS OF STANFORD UNIVERSITY BETWEEN
¦¦ THE RELIANCE AND THE. CARDINAL, ELEVENS. '
V early season's display. Reliance
and the Stanford varsity struggled la
boriously through two twenty-minuta
halves without either side scoring a point.
Long spaces of time were taken out for
rests and In vodferotrs squabbling. The
gaxno was heavy and painfully slow.
As affording a line on the present con
dition of the nucleus from which la to
be selected the Stanford eleven the con
test was of Interest. Considering the
time of the season, the men of the car
dinal seemed hi remarkably good physi
cal condition. They were aggressive in
the first half of the game and Quick to
get Into action considering that a scant
month has been spent In training bo far.
At present the team work is In a nsbu
lous stage of development, the line Is not
particularly strong at holding and serious
fumbling mars their work at critical
stages In the game.
MANY PLAYEBS TKTBD.
In the game yesterday Coach Lanagan
gave almost every man en tho ecuad a
chance to get Into the game. In fact. It
was virtually a freshman eleven which
faced Reliance In the latter part of the
last half. Either It Is too eaxly In the
season to take a snap Judgment or Stan
ford Is not going to have any. pre-emi
nently star players this year. With th»
possible exception of the work of Sco
field and P. Tarpey, thers wer© no plays
above the ordinary. For Reliance Geiss
ler and Atkinson did some brilliant work
In advancing the ball in sharp, straight
rushes.
The game opened with the kick-off by
Stanford. Scrott sent the ball to Re
liance's 13-yard line. The sphere was run
In to the 35-yard chalk mark, where Re
liance found the line impregnable and
lost on downs. By a penalty for off-side
on the cart of Reliance and some end
runs by Dole, Stanford brought the ball
to the middle of the field.
After losing the sphere Stanford re
gained it at the 33-yard line and Sprott
tried a chance at Reliance goal by a place
kick, but went to one side. It was after
Reliance had kicked out and obtained the
ball on downs that Gelssler of the club
team did some brilliant work In straight
bucks through guard and tackle.
After covering territory which began
to advance the ball Into the cardinal side
of the field Rellanca gave up the ball
and it rested on their 20-yard line when
time was called.
BELIA2ICE FLAYS STRONGLY.
If the honors had been slightly In Stan
ford's favcr in tfie first half, they were
certainly all coming to Reliance in the
second. By the substitution of new and
raw men the cardinal team was so weak
ened that bi? Atkinson, the captain of
the club men, walked through the line
for the full distance time and again. In
the early part of the half Parker. th«
Stanford fullback, made a good long punt.
Kicking was not the feature of the game
and was Indulged in but once or twics
by the Reliance men and scarcely more,
than that bv the collegians.
Near the end of the second half it was
Reliance's tnrn t<> try a goal from the
field, but at this Geissler failed signally.
The game was brought to a close with
the ball on Stanford's 13-yard line.
The line-up of the teams was as fol
lows:
Reliance. Positions. Stanford.
Masee. St. John.
Whltmore .....T.. E R Preston. TVllbw
McDonouch 1* T R Shields. Weller
Gaffney I* O R. Jacobs.Frederickson
Cavanaugh Center IJauverman
gmock R O L.Thompson. Mor.tzlno
Hamilton R T L Sprott. Stillman
L*witt R E I... Stanford. Butterfl«:k»
Evans. Holt Quarter . .Bransbaeh. Stott
Woolrldye. Geissler.l. H K Dole. Brennan
Martin. Atkinson.. Fullback ...ScoBeld. Parket
Mueller K H L.P. Tarpey. Chalmers
Umpire— Vr". P. Scott. Referee— n. J. JIc-
Fadden.
THE first whistle of tha season
opened a football game on the
Stanford campus yesterday aft
ernoon which was typical of an
The children sang "America" and the
entire gathering Joined in the
of the- anthem. Mr. Bylngton - then de
livered the benediction and the guests
tooU their, departure. ..-.'.
There are several forms of charity. Kvery
organization !'»s established It aa-ono'-f its
principle*. There is charity which reachei
the individual and charity which reaches &
limited number of Individuals. ; but charity of
this kind will do good for thousands and helb
them in . the fight for success in Uf*.. . j v^.
lleve this bulldlnc win stanrl as a monument
to an honorable ird generous man, and when
our children and our children's children have
passed away those who come after them will
know that it was flonated by and erect-*! by
Andrew B. McCreery.' (Applause.)
Not berns on the programme, I hardly ex
r«pcted to be called uson to make any remarks
to-day and after the eloquent words that have
Just been, spoken by my ¦ predecessor- there is
very little left fcr me to «ay. However, in ac
cepting this Klft. on behalf of .the city and
county of San Francisco, I do so with a feeling
of gratitude and pride. Gratitude for a wise
an>l noble und generous man and pride | n t h e
realization that the donor in a, pioneer.
. This is the second occasion during ray term
of office on -.vfcleh I have had the pleasure of
taking part In a dedication like this— onco
when another library was pre'sented by the
gentlemen who has Just preceded me and one
which has done great • good , for th« people
south of Market street. I mean the Fourth
street Library wjiich was donated by the lion
James D. Phelan. (Applause.) -.
Mayor Schmitz was not down on the
programme for a speech, but was called
upon by President Mann to say a few
words. The Mayor's reception was also a
cordial one.* He spoke in part as fol
lows: • .' . ; tv-; ; /v>K.'s :; :
But our wants ere of a higher order than
those of the Diireer Indian and it Is one of
ths duties of a great municipality to provide
for those wants. All citizens, should vote for a
central library bulldinp, which ehall be the
feeding; Etream of the branches.
I am glad, therefore, to" congratulate the
Mission upon the substantial progress which I
<sm sure Is In store for this section of the city.
Beginning rrith the library, tho citizens cer
tainly will be as Just and as generous as its
donor an<S"irlve us a park and other Improve
ments in other sections of the city, which will
establish our worthiness to j administer the
tmrt which gocd fortune has put Into our
hands as warders by the Golden Gate.
MAYOR SCHMITZ APPLAUDED.
In the proposed bond election about to take
place th2 city will have an opportunity to'rikht
this wronc .and eee that the Mission Dolores
ehall have its share of public improvements.
The city itself will be' asked to emulate the
example of this generous citizen who has con
siderately selected the Mission for • the new
branch library.
• The missionary fathers were • famed ¦ for
their wisdom in selecting 6ites, and. here in
1776. within the sound of my voice,- they
founded their .mission, and we J are told that
twenty-five years, later they had under their
care 314 Indians and had raised herds of cat
tle, -horses and sheep and cultivated hundreds
of acres of wheat, barley and oats. But Amer
ican civilization supplanted - their work and it
Is now occupying their lands. Instead tt the
wigwams of S00 savases. there are now the
homes of thousands of cultivated men and
women. Although more than 125 years have
passed away, and this great city occupies the
site of these early Christian labors, there. Is
no permanent library building and no public
park. If the city fathers were as diligent as
the mission's fathers we would not be here to
expres* out wants. : .
COMING BOND ELECTION.
Having come to San Francisco In its early
days, hts-foresieht.-Hmiustry and -enterprise
have enabled him to accumulate a large for
tune, which has 'grown wi'h the growth of
the community of which' he waJ oite'or. the
founders. 2 fit helped to la-/ th? cornerstone
of the" city and It Is fitting that he 'should
participate' to-day in> laying the cornerstone
of a public library, which s,.eaks for the com
pleted etructure of our great metropolis. Li
braries, museums and galleries of art arc the
flowers' of our civilization, which come after
the tree has struck Its rcots and attained its
growth, md so Vie husbandman now sees with
delighted eyes the harvest of his fondest ex
pectations. I know that -Mr. McCreery has
tak-ri the keenest pleasure in mailing 'this plft
to the city. He has slven freely and we ac
cept Jt* Kratetul'y. slad or the fact that he
participates In the pleasure which he ha,* con-,
lerred on others; and It was a happy thi-ught
to select -the Mission district for the Vacation
of the library. 'Hie mother section of the city
has been nesrloc.ted by her children. Hero was
the earliest settlement of San Francisco. . Pub- '
lie buildlnes have been erected, parks have
been laid out, but the newer sections of the
city have beeu the beneficiaries of these public
works. . ¦. . , .
Other cities ai<» constantly .th.-; recipients of
useful afad beautiful gins and occasionally
haa San Kraacisco be*>rr. so. .fiivDrC<3.";'T! f .e'ex-.
ample of- Mr.- MeCrtery should- net -be *¦ lost
and when ths minds of met; are turned < upon
the worthy object of such public gilt* an this
his example, I am sure, will be followed.
The school children then sang "The
Stars and Stripes" and at the conclusion
cf the^ song ex-Mayor Phelan was lntro
duced! The distinguished citizen' was ac
corded a hearty reception. . His ,'oratlon,
delivered In behalf of his friend, Andrew
B. McCreery, was an excellent' one and
was received with hearty cheers. In part
he spoke as follows:
I am here to-day at the request of Mr. llc-
Creery, v.hos« beautiful and muniricent sift to
the city !s about to take tangible form. The
Bra.tftur1e of the community i!« due tu our gen
erous tellow citizen and. although he would
much rrefer to allow his Rlit to »i>^aU for
lUfelf, >et in the judpuimt ot ilie Hoard 6t
Free I'ut.llo library Trust e?.-.r and uf the-Na
tive 5on? of th»' <«ol<J<>n Weft,' it was d(?-:ided
thai such 'an -oM-ortunity ' fchourj" not be suf
fered to pass by- without s^mc Jormil :«re
mony. . . ¦•- . •¦-.--: .'.¦-¦.' '¦• *1
MAYOR PHELAN . SPEAKS.
from th!s buildlne be good now r.nd forever. ,
SCENES AT LAYING OF CORNER
STONE OF, .-NEW BRANCH LI
BRARY ON SIXTEENTH STREET.
¦ "There are obligations, personal and po
litical, which I am-bound to regard.' If I
disregarded them I 1 would ¦': be- an ingratc.
In due' time, and before any nomination is
made by the Republican convention I will
explain my attitude. When all the, facts
Mr. Ruef was asked to corsider this
query:
"As one of the leading promoters of the
United Republican' League, do you not
consider yourself In honor bound to "stand
by Senator Williams; John'. Lynch; "David
Rich, Thomas D.r Rlordan, "Dr. McNutt,
Henry : Ach -and others who- have given
you their confidence and support from
day to day and month to month In the
work of organizing the' Republican forces
for this campaign? Do you hold your per
sonal friendships and obligations above
your allegiance to the Republican party? 1 .'
Mr. Ruef replied: .
MAY SATISFY- CROCKER.
Mr. Ruef replied: "I-VfilJ make my posi
tion in this respect clear before tho nom
ination is made. I will not bolt'. the nom
ination. If I take part in the. convention
I will support the ticket from top to bot
tom. The attitude which. I shall take may
be acceptable" to Mr. Crocker. : Yes, I
know that the time has arrived for me to
fish or cut bait.'"
"In the event of Henry Crocker's nezn.
inatlon by the Republican convention
would you support him in- preference to
Eugene E. Schmitz, the nominee of the
Labor party?" .
A. Ruef was the only one of the active
promoters of the league that gave indirect
response. Ho replied: "My position Is a
peculiar one and I cannot at this time de
11 ne it. Again, I do not know that Mr.
Crocker Is to be the Republican rfomlnee
for Mayor."
The question was then addressed to Mr.
Ruef in this form: ' -;...,'
"Should Henry J. Crocker be nominated
for Mayor by the Republican convention
would' you "give him your- unreserved and
unqualified support?" ¦ - ¦•-• .
Senator Williams. Uehry Ach, .Thomas
D, Riordan, John C. Lynch, David Rich
and Dr. McNutt replied readily and 'di
rectly in the affirmative. :">'< w .r;
At headquarters of the. TTnited Repub
lican League last evening there was con
siderable gossip touching ¦ the reported
settlement of the contest in Mr. Crocker's
favor. Hon. A. P. Williams," Dr: McNutt,
Thomas I). Rlordan, David Rich, A. "Ruef,
John 0. Lynch, Henry Ach. and. other,or
ganizers oi the league exchanged, views
relating to campaign prospects. The Call,
desiring to ascertain if Mr. Crocker's
nomination would enlist the active and
unqualified support of the active pro
moters of the league, asked Senator .Wil
liams and his associates of the organiza
tion to reply to this question:
RUEF NON-COMMITTAL. 5^.
It is common gossip in political circles
that Henry J. Crocker has developed suf
ficient strength to win the Republican
nomination for Mayor. ' There were sev
eral conferences of^.promlnent delegates
and party leaders yesterday. The aspira
tions, of Mr. Crocker were considered and
the judgment was expressed that he
would rally, the voting strength uf the
party at the polls and be elected Mayor
of San Francisco.
LOOKS LIKE CROCKER.
¦;-As a delegate and as ehairnian, of- the.
Forty-fifth District, delegation he part lei-"
n'aud in the ; organization^ of the Repub
lican, cahventiorwr Now h'«A -tleclarerrHhat'
he. must support Mayor Schmitz, or place
himself in the light ot an ingrate. There
Is no honorable course for A. Ruef qth£r
than that of coming forward and pledg
ing;'to his fellow delegates in 'the' Repub-^
lican municipal convention and to his.as
sociates In the United 'Republican league
that he will support without reserve or
qualification the nominees of the Repub
lican'party In this local campaign: He
knew of his personal obligations to May
or Schmitz when he entered upon his du
ties as an organizer bf the 'league. His
withdrawal would have been all right at
that time, but the situation now Is alto
gether different. " ¦ - ' '.—
"Ruef and I had a conversation in which
he predicted a ¦ vote of at least 23,000 for
Schmitz. When asked his position' in the
fight he said that it was his duty to^tand
by his friend and that it was a personal
matter with him now. He sn.id he had
been a Republican and he expects always
to be such, but that at this election he
is between" two lires and surrounded by
peculiar circumstances. Ruef declared
that he thought his manhood would be
sullied should he turn agninst Schmitz
and that it was his obligation to stanii
by him." ' :
I-ast evening Mr. Ruef was questioned
on behalf cf The Call with n view of as
certaining whether he intends to loyally
support the Republican ticket or to be
tray his party ;at the eleventh hour, -.uef
was somewhat reluctant and evasive last
night, but he cannot define his position
in the campaign too soon to suit the Re
publican voters, the Republican press
and his Republican associates ' In the
United ' League. There is no longer any
middle course for him. He is one of the
organizers of the league. He. Is free to
participate In the councils of. the organ
ization, to frame Its policies and princi
ples and to pass upon the merits, of pro
posed candidates. For nearly. a year he
has held u prominent pla.ee In the Inner
councilR of the organization. Heyond that
he went, on the Republican ticket at thi
August pri'rri.afy and was elected a dele
gate--to.-the Republican municipal ."con
vention. "-.' *¦; ' ¦...-• ', ' . ?¦'_¦> :
A. Ruef. in a conversation at the Pal
ace Hotel yesterday with j Thomas P.
Woodward, president of tho Board of Ed
ucation, declared himself In favor of Eu
gene E. Sehmitz for Mayor and remarked
that his obligations to the Mayor were
such w»ut should he forsake him his man
hood would be Involved. In regard to the
conversation Mr. Woodward says:
? V .
Asked to Define Position, He Says
He Will Do So Before Mayor
. alty Candidate Is Se
lected.
Fears He Would Be Galled
Ingfale If He Favored
Another Nominee. •
Declares That He Must
Support Schmitz for
.'.Mayor. •.'.'.. .,.,
WITH ceremonies and
In the presence of a large con
course of people the corner
stone of the new branch
library on Sixteenth street,
r.ear Market, presented to the city and
county of Ssn Franci5co by Andrew B.
McCreery, was laid yesterday afternoon.
- he ceremonies were h**!d under tho aus
pices of the Native Sons of the Golden
Ther*> were many distinguished
quests present. Officials of the municipal
ity and men high In ili«> walks of life at
tended and applauded the words of praise
ehowered on the generous giver.
The cornerstone was aJreaJy for the oc
casion. It was suspended over the place
where Jt was to He at th© northeastern
part of the bis building. The guests oc
cupied s.oat?> cloFe to the etone and the
children of the Douglass Primary School
were stationed close by. The pupils were
dressed fa white and carried email flags,
which they waved during th© singing of
patriotic Bongs. Miss Estelle Houghton
Jed the children and their fresh young
voices filled the air with tweet sound.
A. Lm. Mann, principal of the Deninan
President H. R. McNoble of Native Sons of the Golden
West Conducts Exercises and Addresses Are
Made by dames D. Phelan and Mayor Schmitz
ATTITUDE
OF A. RUEF
IS QUEER
CORNERSTONE FOR BRANCH LIBRARY
IS LAID WITH BEFITTING CEREMONIES
STANFORD AND RELIANCE ELEVENS
FAIL TO SCORE IN FOOTBALL GAME
Opening Contest of the Season Is Slow, But the Men
of the Gardinal Prove Well Advanced in Physical
Condition—Entire Squad Has a Chance on Field
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER .20, 1903.
Pages 33m^|:
* — ;Dr. Hamilton did some: clever bowling
when he beat T. Aitken, 21-3. The doctor
was Invincible and completely outclassed
his opponent. In the other match M.
Crowe beat Robert Park, 21—14.
The players were so numerous that only
doubles matches were played, and in one
caso the teams were composed of three
men. This was the closest and most ex
citing match of the day. The following
practice games were played:;.
J. T. Dare and W -Watson. beat D. O'Brien
and D. Jackson, 21-14; A. Hay and W. Eaton
beat II, Tlchnor and A. B. Maguirc, 21-18:
J. Gray and J. Duncan beat A. R. Paterson
«md Dr. Gunn 21-14; W. K. Eaton and J. C.
MofTatt beat j. Gray and J. Duncan. 21-16:
A. Foreman and J McDonald beat W. Watson
and J Means *Jt-18; J. Moffatt beat Dr. Ham
ilton. '21-16: A. Wllkle. J. Earsman.and Y. C.
l^awFon were beaten by W. Eaton, A. Flay and
J. Reid, 21-19; J. Mearns and G. Patterson
beat Dr. Gunn and E. Mcdcau. 21-11. . .
Only two tournament matches were
played on. the Golden- Gate Park rinks
yesterday, although many crack bowlers
were out for practice. Two more weeks
are left in which to complete the' second
round, and many matches I will be played
on" the next two Saturdays. - • .
Dr. Hamilton Defeats, Aitken. While
Crowe Proves Too Clever for
¦Park. .-. [y '!,.{:
PARK BOWLERS MEET
v IN SPECIAL MATCHES
PORTLAND, Ore., Sept. li).— Loucks pitched
Portland to victory to-day In the game with
Seattle. lilewett was hit hard and received
poor support. Two Ilffhtnins doubles were
made by Portland. Van Buren made a star
catch. The score:
Portland .01 001 21 lx— ti 10 ti
6eattle ...2 O 0 0 O U 0 © 0 — 2 8 5
Batteries — Loucks and Shea; Blewett and
Wilson. Umpire — Levy.
Portland Defeats Seattle.
Stolen bases— Hoy, Cravath, Ros*. Errors —
O'Hara, Murdock. Messerly, Baxter, Gorton.
Hltg—OfC Cooper 0, oft Devereaux 5. Two-base
hits— Murdock Cravath 2. Wheeler. Sacrifice
hits — Hoy. Wheeler, Ross. Devereaux. First
base on errors — Lbs Anseles 4. FU»t' base on
balls — Off Cooper 1, oft Devereaux 2, ott Drink
water 1. Struck out — By Cooper 1, by Dever
eaux 1, by Drinkwater 5. Left on bases— Lo«
Angeles 0. Oakland 3. Double plays— Schwartz
to Gorton to Messerly: Toman to. Wheeler to
Spies; Ross to Wheeler. Passed ball— Gorton.
Time of game — 1 hour and 60 minutes. . Um
pire—OConnell. ' , .
SUMMARY.
Los Angeles ...0 1 4 20 0 2 0 x— 9
Base hits 1224 1121 x— 14
Oakland .0 0 0 0.0 0 0 0 0—0
Base hits 0 0 00 1 1 0 0 1—3
LOS • A"NGELES, » Sept. 10. — Drinkwater
toyed with Lohman's bunch this afternoon and,
shut them out with three hits and no runs.'
Cooper was 111 and fell a. victim to the locals
early In the game. He gave way to Devereaux
aTtcr the fourth. Attendance. 1300. -Score: ¦
¦ Los Aneeles — i Oakland —
AB.H. H. P.A. AB.F.. H. P.A.
Hoy. cf..."> 10 3 Ci'O'Har. cf.4 0 12 0
Whir. 2b.. 4 1 2 2 2 Devrx, p.3 0 0 2 3
Smith, Sb.5 1 " 1 2 1 Srhtz. 2b.4 0 0 2 3
Spies, lb-5 1 3 12 0 Mrdck. rf.3 0 10 2
Crvth, rr.5 1 3 1 0 Krugr, lf.3 0 0 1 O
Ro*s. If... 4 1. 1 2 1 Msrly. lb.2 0 0 10 1
Toman, s.S 0 10 4 Baxtr. 3b.3 0 0 0 4
Hurlbt, c.5 12 5 0 Grtn, c-s.3 0 011
Drkwt, p.2 2 1 0 ,'{ Cooper, p.l, 0 .0 0 1
Lohmn, c.2 0 ¦ 1 4 0
Totals.3S 9 14 27 11 .
Totals.2S O 3 24 13
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Pitcher Drinkwater Lets Them Down
With but Three Hits.
OAKLAND IS SHUT OUT.
Stolen bases-r-Shefihan. Irwin, Hlldebrand,
Ho^an Graham. Errors— Pabst, Casey. Ray
mond Townsend. Hodson. Irwln. Two-base
hits— 'Casey. Raymond. Sacrifice hits—Hllde
brand, Ciruham. Hogan. First base on errors
— San Francisco '2, Sacramento '3. First base
en called balls — Oft Hodson 5. off Fitzgerald
2. Left on - bases — San Francisco 8, b'acra
mw.u> S>. Struck out— By Hodson 4. by Fitz
scvrald 1. . Double play — Irwin to Delmas to
Pabst. EalU— Fitzgerald. Time of game—
1:&O. Umpire — McDonald.
Sacramento 2 0 0 0 0.0 0 1 1^-*
•Base hits 2 101 ,1.2 0 1 0— S
San Francisco ....0 0 0 0 001 0 O^-l
. Base hits 1,0 O'.O * 1 3 2 l-*-8
SUMMARY, f '
San Francisco— i Sacramento—
AB.R. H. P. A.I AB. H. H. P. A.
Lynch.U 4 0 0 0 0 Case.y.2b 6 12 4 1
Meany.rf 4 0 11 OHIlbrd.lf 3 2 1 1 0
lrwin,3b,S 114 2 Doyle.cf 4 0 0 4 1
Leahy.c. S 0 0 6 2 Egan.s... 3 0 13 7
Pabat,lb 4 0 1 8 0 J'wnsd.lb 4 0 17 1
Krug.cf. 4 0 0 4 0 Shehn.:ib 4 0 2 12
Delm6,2b 4 0 1 2 3 Grahm.c 2 114 1
IUymd.s'4 0 3 3 B lloftan.rt 3 0 0 3 0
Hodson, p 3 0 10 i Fitzgld.p 4 0 0 0 1
•Zearfoss 1 000 0
.. Totals 32 4,8 27 11
Totals'34 1 8 27 16
•Batted for Hodson in ninth Inning. V>'
RUNS AND HITS I5Y INNINGS.
Mike Fisher and Harry Hook ran an
other footrace after the sixth inning and
this time the magnate won out by many
feet. The score:
Then all was quiet and serene until the
seventh, when the home team managed to
squeeze in a tally with tho aid of Teeley
Raymond's hit. Irwin was passed and
Pabst and Delmas hit. With two gone
the youngster hammered the ball on the
nose and sent It far out to center field.
Irwln trotted over the rubber. Herr. who
was running for Pabst, was nailed ten
feet from the plate. In the eighth inning
the locals had tho baga full once more,
but Pabst could not make good with a
hit, so they all died and the last chance
was spoiled.
In the first inning the Senators began
to wallop the offerings of Hodson for
two runs. Casey opened the game with a
double and Hlldebrand laid down a clever
little bunt. Hodson was slow in getting
his mitts on the ball and even then he
did not handle it cleanly, so Hildy was
safe at flret. Doyle then went out and
both runners advanced a peg. Eagan
did nothing, but Town3end responded
with a drive to the outfield, which
brought both runners In and gave the
Senators a good start.
Top flies were the limit for the home
team yesterday afternoon at Recreation
Park. That is, they were quite the thing
when the men were on bases. Sometimes
they would hit the ball, but not often, so
consequently the best they got was one
run out of eight hits. Score, Sacramento
4, San Francisco 1.
The Senators were much ; livelier and
they managed to clout in a run occasion
ally. They were ever on the alert to take
advantage of. any opening that might pre
sent itself and therefore to win the game
from Uncle's followers was not such a
difficult matter, though at that the Sac
ramento aggregation did not hand out a
championship articlo of ball by any
means. ¦
W. L. Pet. I ¦ * S W. L. Pet.
I>o» Angeles. 96 66 .033 Portland CO SO .45.-.
lian Fran 88 72 .543 'Oakland "1 04 .429
Sacramento .70 74 .523'Seattle 0.3 85 .423
STANDING OF THE CLUBS,
enough to get a nose decision from Mare
lio. Arthur Ray ran an indifferent third.
* Ten of the original fifteen entries for
the fifth number faced the- barrier. Lit
tle Margaret enjoyed first call In the bet
ting and might have won but for repeat
ed interference. Ike Tullett landed the
winner in Lady Wadsworth, which stood
a hard drive, downing Madam Bishop a
head. The first choice finished In the
show.
Powell had the mount on H. I*. Frank
in the five-furlong handicap for 2-year
olds, which concluded the racing. The
Cameron, entry picked up his 113 pounds
and made a runaway race of It. Chand
ler, astride Metlakatla. the 8 to 5 fa
vorite, got up just in time to nose out
Miss May Bowdish for the place.
SUMMARY
y SUMMARY.
FIRST RACE — Pacing, 2:19 class, heats,
two In three:
Penrose, b. g., by Falrose-Brigadier
(Masten) • 1 1
N. L. B., b. g., by Diablo (H. Brown) 3 2
Nance O'Nell. b. m., by Pilot Prince (J.
W. Zlbble) 2 4
Monogram. (?r. m.. by Fairmont (Bunch). 4 3
Time. 2:25'.4, 2:24.
SECOND RACE— Five furlongs, selling;
purse $225:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. Fin.
2"/i to 1 — Maresa. 109 (Powell) 1
10 to 1— Educate. 109 (Stuart) '2
10, to 1— 8nark. 109 (Seer) 3
Time. 1:02. Winner, R. E. Dolan's ch. m..
5. by True Brlton-Mayetto. Hercules 116. Bot
any 1C9, Billy Moore 100, Yellowstone 112, Troy
109 and Roltalre 103, also ran.
THIRD RACE — One mile, selling; purse $225:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. Fin.
4 to 1— David B, 100 (Powell) 1
4 to 1— Heather Honey, 99 (Chandler) 2
3 to 1— Ultruda. Ill (J. Lewis) 3
Time. 1:42. Winner, W. L. Stanfleld's b. g..
5. by Midlothfan-Talluda. Invlctus 107. Anvil
W. Expedient 111. Cambaceres 111, Rosarie
111 and Ben MacDhul 122, also ran.
FOURTH RACE — One and an eighth miles,
Falling; purse $225:
Betting. Hdrse. Weight, Jockey. Fin.
3 to 1— El Oriente. 100 (Hlldebrand) 1
6 to 1— Marelto, 108 (See) 2
6 to 1 — Arthur Ray, 112 (Chandler) 3
Time. 1:66%. Winner. W. J. Spelrs' b. g.. 3,
by San Venado-Orange Leaf. Dard 8ecret 112.
Dug Martin 99 and Klckumbob lot), also ran.
FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs, selling; purse
#225: '
Betting. HoTse. "Weight. Jockey. Fin.
6 to 1 — Lady Wadsworth. 102 (TtfSett) 1
10 to 1 — Madam Bishop. 101 (L. Jackson)... 2
2 to 1 — Little Margaret, 95 (Chandler)....'.. 8
Time. 1:14%. Winner. T. G. Ferguson's ch.
m.. 4, by St. George-Trophy. Toto Gratlot 102.
Captivate 104. Flamero 107, Skip Me 101. Bob
Palmer 96, Royal F 110 and Mountebank 104,
also ran. -
SIXTH RACE — Five furlongs, handicap, two
year-olds; purse $22S: . .
Betting. Horse^Welght. Jockey. Fin
11 to 5 — II. L. Frank, 115 (Powell) 1
8 to 6— Metlakatla. 97 (Chandler) 2
10 to 1 — Miss May Bowdish, 90 < Cross watte). 3
Time. 1:01%. Winner, L. Cameron's ch. jr..
by Marlner-Plumerla. Annie Marie 108, Ruvia
S5 and Sembrlch 103, also ran.
BERKELEY FRESHMEN WIN.
Defeat the Oakland High, School
by a Score of 16 to 0.
Th© freshmen of the University c! Cal
ifornia won their first game of football of;
the season against the eleven from. th»
Oakland High School yesterday at Berke
ley. The score was 15 for the freshznea
against a zero for the Oaklar.ders. but
that does not tell half the story, aa a I
the points were gained In the first half,
an indication that the team can't stand;
a heavy pressure or that the new men
put in to take the places of the state one*
are not as good as they ought to be.
Perhaps after another preliminary gam«
or two the high school teams won't bo
able to cope with the "freshles."
It must be said of the Oakland High
School team that it put up the stiffeat
kind of an argument against odds. In
the first half the freshmen ran away with,
them, went through their line aa if it
were a sieve, ran around their ends and
had a good time generally. In tho gec
ond half the Oaklanders fought with tha
grim. - valor of a Saracen army. They
held those freshmen nearly every ttma
and whenever they laid hands on .the bail
held it for a long time. They even dirt
some running that nearly landed them
a figure on the Scoreboard.
The game' consisted of two twenty-rain
ute halves. Assistant Coach Pprcy Hall
looked after the pets of the university
and Harry Platt of the Reliance team
after the boys from Oakland, whom ha is
coaching. The elevens lined up with tho
men in the following positions:
Freshmen. Oakland.
Haffee Center Gag*
Allen L Guard R shay
Seabury Jl Guard L Darts
Watson L Tackl* Tt Jlaroll
Clark R Tackle L Spragu*
Caminettl L End Ii Cushman
Bowles R Knd L Malcolm
Sanborn L Half R Snowdon
Kerns Tt Half L ijwent
Booth Fullback Robert*
Sell Quart pr-bat-k Lock*
Just after the third kttk-off occurred
the star play of the day— a sixty-five yard
run by Sanborn. the freshman left half.
Out of a scrimmage he shot with tho ball
and propelled himself as hard as he could
toward the Oakland goal. Two Oakland
men tackled him— one missed, but the
other held the runner and downed him
on the fifteen-yard line, whence It was
easy enough for the "freshles" to steal
another touchdown, though they failed
to kick the goal. Kerns, the dashins
right half of the freshmen, made the
three downs. Score, 16 to 0.
¦WASHINGTON. Sept. 19— Jlira Adr!a!d»
Fairbanks, daughter of Senator and Mrs. Fair
banks. wa» married at noon to-day to John W.
Tlmmora. Ensign. V..S. N. Chaplain riarlc.
IT. S. N.. stationed at Annapolis, rraij the
Episcopal marriage service.
THE Golden Gate race meeting,
which opened across the bay at
Emeryville track yesterday and
closed the same day, was one of
the most' unique in the history of
California racing.
It was not lacking in patronage, for
"paper" had been liberally sprinkled
among those with a fondness for the
turf. Fully 1500 people took advantage of
the cheap rate. Again there was no pauc
ity of pencilers to accept the public's
monetary offerings, for eight regular
books, two field and a combination book
lent a decidedly metropolitan air to
things. Good odds were laid and the ring
separated itself from six or seven thou
sand dollars. Most of the well played
horses stopped at no wayside taverns, but
hurried to the wire. Still the additional
six days of the meet will not be run.
Originally tne management did not fig
ure on any outside bookmakers cutting
in, and probably figured on cleaning up
a neat sum with four or possibly five
books doing business. The feeling against
syndicate affairs, however, has become so
intense that Thomas H. Williams, presi
dent of th© New California Jockey Club,
declared that if the meeting was run at
Emeryville the ring must be open to all
reputable bookmakers at the usual rate
of $20 per race. After paying off the six
purses a small deficit was apparent.
SPORT IS HIGH CLASS. .
Aa the bookmakers outside of the "com
bine" , were, disinclined to listen to any
pro rata proposition, Messrs. W. M. Kent.
Caeaar Youn* and Bart Cavanaugh held
a conference after the races were . over
and declared the meeting off.
No fault could be found with the cal
iber of sport furnished, even if El Ori
ente happened to be the only successful
favorite. Iva Powell distinguished him
self by piloting three winners. Garnet
Ferguson and his Tricnds put a crimp in
the books when Lady Wadaworth, • played
from 12 to 6, stalked home first in the
fifth event. Horace Egbert and F. E.
Mulholland officiated in the stand and Ed
ward Duke gave entire satisfaction with
the starting gate.
Penrose, driven by Hasten, took the
2:19 pace without a struggle, after which
came a five-furlong scramble. Hercules
went to the post favorite and led to the
paddock, when he blew up. Maresa, the
second choice, then' won comfortably,
with Educate downing Snark a nose for
the place.
Solely,, on his past record Ben MacDhul
was installed favorite for the mile selling
run'- lie lacked support and receded from
8 to 5 to fours. Ed Duke made a pretty
start, but MacDhui propped right after
the' barrier was released and was left.
David S. with Powell up, went out in
front and .won all the way. In a drive
Heather Honey led out Ultruda, the fa
vorite, for place honors.
EL ORIENTE A WINNER.
For the mile and a furlong: selling af
fair Dug Martin and El Orlento closed
equal choices 'in the bettinjr. At the start
Hllderbrand, on El Oriente, went away
with a wet sail and lasted just long
TB^.CK NOTES.
The following firms laid odds: Johnny Lyons.
Henry Wendt, Hughey Jones, Caesar Younjr.
Johnny Mellln. Henry Frleaenhausen (Little
Henry). George Crowley and Joe Harlan. This
list does not Include the two field books. A
combination book also did business, and ac>
cording to resort loit |28.
"Frisco" Lind.- who. together with Danny
Lynch, was debarred from all track privileges
Senators Always Get Busy
¦ Whenever Men Are on the
• Cushions.
some weeks ajto at Chlcas?. expects favcraM*
action In his case shortly. "Frisco" will b»
glrcn a rrhearlnsr by the Western Jockey Club
on October 5. He will depart for the Windy
City next week. If reinstated he will probaMy
return to t'allfornia -with a string" wt honat
cwned by Bookmaker Kred O<x>k. Thf latter
will send twelve or fifteen, of his best cut her*
for the winter campaign. Jle coulJ secure* no
more capable trainer than Linrl.
Uncle's Gathering Never
Connect at Proper
Moment.
Large Crowd at Emeryville and the Ring Quits a Big
/ Loser on One of the Most Unique Affairs in the
History of Racing---Three Winners for Powell
LUCK OF HITS
LOSES TH E GAME
ONE DAY SUFFICES FOR PROMOTERS
OF GOLDEN GATE RACE MEETING
SPORTS OF THE TURF, THE BASEBALL DIAMOND AND THE ATHLETIC FIELD
STUDENTS OF HIGH SCHOOLS
COMPETE UPON CINDER PATH
HARES ARE FAST
AT INGLESIDE
Lowell Pupils Win Majority of Races, Breaking
Many Previous Records, Opponents
From Lick Institution Finish in Second Place
Greyhounds Are Tried
Severely in Open
. Stake.
California Coursing Commit
tee Meeting at Union
Park.
WINNERS OF SEVERAL. EVENTS
IN FIELD DAY OF SAN FRAN
CISCO ATHLETIC LEAGUE.
MA LONE. tt. Y.. Pept. 1J».— A. P. D'xter of
JCbnrallc. Conn., a man of wealth, was shot
»nd killed while ridine along the road near
Clam to-day. No clew a* to his slayer
r»« be»n obtained.
The sreyhounds put in a strenuous day
si Inglcsidc Coursing Park yesterday in
the run-down of the open stake. The
bar's mere unusually strong and took
their pursuers all over the field. Owinj
to the severity of the running there were
* r.umbcr of absentees in the consola
tion flalu, one round of which was dis
rosed of during the afternoon.
Of the greyhounds left in the open stake
Uoyal Friend, Rcta S, Doc Burns and
Voung Buck are considered the most
likely to run into the big money to-day
In the concluding rounds.
Jerry Wright, a young greyhound by
Fear Not-Susle. from the O"Shea Kennel,
surprised the talent. He was at odds of
3 to 3 and won cleverly. This was his sec
ond start.
L'ly Wright, which ¦won last week, had
a hard undecided course with Harlean
'iiadys and then won by a score of 34 to 0.
The results in detail, with Judge Thomas
Tiernry's official scores, follow:
Open Etake — Mountain Light beat Sliver
l*if. Mi Dorocn beat Lady Pinto, 1O-0;
Hnjal Friend beat Van Alba, 14-1; Jingle
P»!!« beat Whisrier, 7-3; Jerry Wright beat
Maid of the Glen. 8-4; Marguerite beat Cruiser.
M-t; Honor Bright beat Gunpowder,. 6-2; Ad
»""Uic» Guard beat Odd Kyes. 10-6: Reta S beat
• ireenhall. 6-0; Little Plunger beat Beluga, 11
4; t_*na br*t Tom Payers, 16-7; Miss Wilson
N--st Old Ironsides, 10-6; Roy Hughie beat Or
¦taa, 3-1: Doc Hurns beat Black Flush, 6-1;
Tannle Hughi» beat Tyrone lMnce. 14-4;
f-quatcr beat Menlo Prince, 7-5; Medley beat
Mi*:= "Jr^en, 5-1 ; Braws Hill beat Articulate,
? -"; Ture Pearl beat Tom Hurllck, 7-5; Fair
<i!en beat Van Noyc, 7-4; Scfala beat Baby
.Ternic, 4-3; ThetSs beat HefE.-r, 4-0; Lady
M»clo beat Irvlngton Traire, f.-3; McHenry
heat Kires'.de. l<V-8; Bonnie Kughie boat King's
V>r\ir. »-7: Little Lucy beat Roxana. 3-0: ICIt
ilomin beat Black Uex. 6-O: Flower of Kerry
b<-at Clarice. 7-O; Gold Lily b?at iianru. 11-5:
Toung rturk beat Anr.er Boy, 14-7; Yukon beat
Concord Tral^e. «-rt; Kadtiir.gton beat Our
Uyra. S-6; Anchor b?at Imperious, 8-6; Rienzl
beat Royal Spurt. 10-7; Rock and Rye beat
<.;reen Girl. 17-4; Topsy Tur-cy beat Yellowtail.
14-7; Li!y Wnelit b*-at Harlean Gladys. 34-0;
Jr.trudcr beat Half Moon. ?-"; Young Johnny
H«-s b*at Frank Dunn, S-0; Wattles beat
1 'rometh»us. fc-4.
. Consolation stair— Lsdy Pinto beat Silver
1*efs. C6-.1; Whisper beat Van Alba. 11-4;
Maid <^f the Glen b*>at Cruiser. 12-5; Odd Eyes
brat Gunpowder. 3-2; Greenhall a bye. B"»!uga
withdrawn; Tcr.i layers a bye. Old Ironsides
withdrawn; Orrina beat Black Flush, 3-0; Ty
pme Prince a bye. Menlo Prince withdrawn:
Articulate beat Uifs G«ven. 9-.T: Tom Hurllck
' <=*; v en Noye, 10-1: Helper beat Baby Jen
rt*. 12-7: Irvinrton Tralee teat Fireside. 4-0;
rtoiana boat Klne's Pride. 6-O; Clarice beat
'Slack Ken. 4-2: Anner Boy beat Manro, 7-4;
"ur Myrs teat Concord Tralee. C-4: Imperious
h^nt rtoyal Sport. 8-4; Yellowtail beat Green
Girl. S-O: Half Moon a, bye. Harlean Gladys
withdrawn; Prometheus beat Frank Dunn
11-4.
The attraction at Union Coursing Park
to-day will be the rich California Cours
ing Committee stake. The coursing "will
commence upon th*> arrival of the 10:15
a. m. train. Chief interest centers about
ilir expected mooting of Palo Alto and
rocatrM this afternoon in the third
lound.
THE fourth semi-annual field day
of the San Francisco Athletic
Lfagrue took place yesterday at
the University of California
grounds in the presence of a large
number of spectators.
The weather was ideal for the sports
and the various events were holly con
tested. The teams that took part were
composed of students from the Lick.
Lowell, Mission, Polytechnic. Cogswell
and Wilmcrdlng High schools of this city.
The highest score was made by the
Lowell High Schco!. with a record of 71
points, the Lick High School being second
T.ith 57 points.
A number of the league records were
broken. In the 880-yard dash 2-5 of a sec
ond were clipped from the previous time
of 2 minutes 7 4-5 seconds.
The 120-yard hurdle race record was
also broken, Kohlberg of Lowell High
School covering the distance in 17 1-5 sec
onds, the record time being 19 2-5 seconds.
The 440-yard dash was won by Dodson
of the Lick High School In 53»i seconds,
breaking the record held by Corcoran and
Sellg of th« Lowell High School, their
Urn* being 55 4-5 seconds.
The one mila relay race was the prin
cipal event of the day and it created a
6cene of excitement. The principal teams
were from the Lowell and the Lick High
schools. The runners of the Lowell
School led from start to finish and beat
the Lick men by 150 yards. The Lowell
contestants covered the distance In 3 min
utes 34 4-5 seconds, breaking the record of
2 minutes 28 second?, he'.d by their own
school.
The Lick High School team filed a pro
test at the end of the race and claimed
the prize on the ground that Wiley of
Lowell fouled O'Connor of Lick In the
first lap. The Judges did not allow the
claim and awarded the race to Lowell,
the deeisien being met with applause on
all sides.
In the mi'-e race De Mamiel of Lowell
led the entire distance until half a lap
from the tape, when he was overhauled
by Maundrel of Lowell and beaten by
throe feet amid a scene of excitement.
The pole vault was closely contested by
Hotchklss of Lick and Moyer of the Poly
technic. They tied at a height of 9 feet
Z inches and agreed to toss a coin for the
medal. Luck was with Hoyer and he won
the prize.
Magerstadt of Lick broke the record In
the longr Jump, scoring 1 20 feet 4*4 Inches,
beating the 20-foot record of Bonner of
the Lowell School. The results In detail:
Fifty yards dash: First heat — Cope of Lick
first. JoeephEon of Cogswell second. Naylor of
Lick third; time. 5 4-5 seconds. Second heat —
Schwartz of Lowell first. Sullivan of Lowell
t-ecend. Stewart of Lick third: time, 6 seconds.
Fir.al heat— bchwarts of Lowell first, Cope of
Lick second, Sullivan of Lowell third; time,
5 3-5 second?. Record time, Schwartz of Lowell,
5 3-5 seconds. • . .
One hundred yards dash— Schwartz of Lowell
first. Beck cf Lick, second,. Ccpe of Lick third.
Tlnie. 10 2-5 seconds. Kocord time, Schwartz
of Lowell. 10 2-5 second*.
1 wo hundred and twenty yards dash — Beck
of Lick first, Wiley of Lowell second. Black of
Lick tliitd." Tim*, 21 1-6 seconds. Record
time, Schwartz of Lowell. 2i 1-5 seconds.
Kour hundred and forty yards dash — Dodson
of Lick flr*t. Corcoran of Lowell (wcond, Johns
of Lick third. Tima, 83% ! seconds. Record
time. Corcoran of Lowell and Selig of Lowell,
K» 4-5 eecondV . - v.. -
Eight hundred and eighty yards dash—Dod
son of Lick first. De Mamlel of Lowell second
Lewis of Lowell third. Time, 2:07 2-5. Rec
ord time. Dodscn of Lick, 2:07 4-0.
Mile run — Maundrel of Lowell first. De Mam
lei or Lowell second, Gibson of Lick third
Time. 5:05 3-5. Record time, De Mamlel of
Lowell. 4:^J2.
Two mile run — Maundrel of Lowell first, Meyer
of Lowell second, Gibson 'of Lick third. Time
11:57 2-5. Record time, Maundrel of Lowell.
10-.4S.
One mil- relay race — Lowell first. . Lick ¦«
ond, Polytechnic third. Time, 3:34 4-5. Rec
ord time, Lowell, 3:38. Runner* for Lowell,
Wiley, Perry, Albert, Yost, Jones and Corcoran.
One hundred and twenty yards hurdle race —
Kohlberg of Lowell first, Hamilton of Lowell
second, Stone of Lick third. Time. 17 1-5 sec
onds. Record time, Kloppenburg of Polytech
nic. 19 2-5 seconds.
Two hundred and twenty-yards hurdle race —
Stone of Lick first. Hirshman of Lowell second.
Mason of Mission third.' Time, 32 2-5 seconds.
Record time, Bonner of Lowell, 28 1-5 seconds.
Pole vault:— Hotchklss of Lick and Moyer of
Polytechnic* tied, 9 feet 3 Inches. Moyer won
the medal on the toss of a coin. Record height,
Doam of Mission. 9 feet 10 inches.
Long jump— Magerstadt of Lick first, 20 icet
4H Inches; Williams of Lov/ell second. 19 feet
11 Inches; Grim of Lowell third. 18 feet fl
Inches. Record distance. Bcnner of Lowell, 20
feet.
Shot put — Williams of Lowell first. 40 feet
ll*i inches; Magerstadt of Lick second, Moul
len of Lick third. Record distance, Bonlfleld
of Polytechnic. 4.1 feet.
High jump — Magerstadt of Lick first, Wil
liams of Lowell second. Grim of Lowell third.
Height. 5 feet vi inch. Record, Magerstadt of
Lick. 5 feet 5'i inches- .
The officials in charge were as follows:
Committee en field day — P. Magerstadt, S.
Schwartz. N. Goldstein, E. W. Mason, P. Dow
•¦11 and A. Kant. Referee — Smith. Starter —
Powell. Timers — Koch. Tompklns. Meany.
.ludfjss — Younp. Smith. James. . Field judges —
Yost. Bonner. Smith. Boynton. Clerk of courca
— Montgomery- Assistant — Badt.
BOSTON CONTINUES
ITS BATTING STREAK
Young Fitches One of His Best
¦ Games and Team Easily De
feats Chicago.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
BOSTON, Sept. .19.— Boston continued its
batting streak to-day, defeating; Chicago, 13
to 3. Young; pitched one of his best games
and was faultlessly supported. Attendance,
3C00. Score:
T»O5,ton /¦••••••*•• •••••••••¦•••¦•l*i 1 •* 0
Chicago 3 6 3
Batteries — Young end Crisrer; Flaherty and
Sullivan.
NEW YORK, Sept. 19.— In the first of the
series here to-day Cleveland lost to the locals.
Attendance. 8100. Score: j .
R. H. E.
New York S 7 2
Cleveland 1 6 O
Batteries — Chesbro and Bevllle; Donahue and
Abbott.
PHILADELPHIA, Sept. 19.— Philadelphia
defeated Detroit to-day by timely hltttngr.
coupled with aex-eral wild throws by the vis
itors. Henley pitched a steady game and was
well backed up. Attendance, 6034. Score:
It. H. E.
Philadelphia ,.6 8 1
Detroit 4 7 5
Batteries — Henley and Schreck; Mullin and
accoutre.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 19.— St. Louis won to
day's rune with the greatest eas?. Score:
it.- :h. e.
Washington .*..• 1 8 1
St. Louis » 15 l
Batteries — Lee and Klttredre; Pclty, Powell
and Kahoe. • . . >
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
CHICAGO, Sept. 19.— The New Yorks were
ehut out to-day in a pitcher's battlo. Weimer
having: a shade the. better of it against
Matliewson. Attendance, 3500. Score:
R. H. E.
Chicago ....:» 5 1
New York 0 4 2
Batteries— Weimer and Kline: Mathewsoa
and Warner. Umpires — Emslle and Moran.
¦ST. .LOUIS, Sept. 10. — By superior all-round
work ' Boston took to-day's tame from 8t.
Louis.* Attendance, Scor«: -
K. H. E.
St. Louis i 5 4
Boston *..... 5. 11 «
Batteries — Murphy and" Covery; Willis and
Moran. Umpire — Johnstone. • •
PITT8BURG, Sept. 19. — Both sames were
elow and loosely played. Darkness ended the
second game after six Innings had been played.
Kruger was hit on the head by a pitched bali
by Reidy and knocked unconscious. Attend
ance. • 0700. Scores :
First came — - ¦ R. n. E."
Plttsburg ... v .......12 14 2
Brooklyn- 10 15 4
Batteries— Veil and Carrisch; Ga'rvln and 1
Rltter. ...
Second • same — ¦ ; ¦'.- . 11. H. e
Plttsburgr '2 10 2
Brooklyn S 8 . 2
Batteries — Pflester and Weaver; Reidy and
Jacklitsch. Umpires-Hurst.
. CINCINNATI. Sept. 19.— Cincinnati broke
even in the double-header with Philadelphia
to-day. Both Raines were slugging matches.
The second game was called after the eighth
inning;. Attendance, 5200. Scores: <
First came — R. ¦¦ H. ¦ e
Cincinnati 17 19 3
Philadelphia .7 10 5
Batteries— Phillips and PelU; Du'gglcby and
Zlmmer. • »
> Second «ame^— Tt. H. B.
Cincinnati 4 12 4
Philadelphia .• 10 . 13 2
Batteries — Ragen, Peits and Dclsel; Mc»
Fetridge and Dooln. Umpire— O' Day. ,
THE SAN IKANCISCO CALL. /SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 20, 3903.
"vTASHINGTOK. Sept. 19. — II. Smith Wooley
of Boise City, Idaho, has been appointed as
sayer of the mint In that city, vice J. W. Cun
nlncham, removed.
34
*WHJH1S BRED IH THE KfflE i
WILL OUT IH THE.FUESHW
Is true of mankind as well as lower animals. We do not ex- tf^C-JJS
pect blooded stock from common sires, physical giants from fc^F' *j8
dwarfs and midgets, nor well-developed, robust children from
tainted ancestors and sickly parents. It is contrary to the
laws of nature and heredity, which are inviolable, unchange- 7Bm\SSivfl?$ iifiS^
Children not only inherit" the features, form and disrpo- - .J^JmBMF^^B^m
sition of their parents, but the mental and physical qualities,
infirmities and diseases as well. That certain diseases are rajnJIESiHiK \\ \\SS«§1
transmitted from parents to children, are bred in the bone V\f^fi§||i
and handed down from one generation to another, can not \J**^|[1 n8l\ In wlrali
be denied, for we see evidences of it every where and*every day. \ifiil Bill ti li^SM
SCROFULA, a disease almost as fatal as Consumption, is a \Jjig|fiI|u \ rlBlif
disease of the blood, is bred in the bone and will out in the flesh in rfffjr^SwBli l Urall
the form of glandular swellings, deep abscesses and sores, boils VC\ g\«lBv &1^Jra
and eruptions. It affects the eyes and ears, weakens the digestion r(\\ jSfi|^§H \ l, »
and destroys the red corpuscles and solids of the blood, resulting in * • V\V*f
emaciation, stunted growth and poorly nourished bodies. *^^^bm '* ' IIP*'!
RHEUMATISM is handed down from gouty ancestors and »^®W^7\ [Jf^vf
rheumatic parents. The acid poisons in the blood that cause the . • J^ £^ i 'P?w J?^Cf
sharp, shooting pains in muscles and joints have been there may be *3^\\^^
from birth, and exposure tp bad weather, night air, or cold^easterly
winds only hastens the attack by exciting the acid blood. The blood must be purified and'
the poisons filtered out of the system in order to get relief from this painful disease. /j
CATARRH is something more than a cold in the head; the poison extends into the
Throat and Lungs, attacks the Stomach, Kidneys and Bladder, and every part of the sys-j
tern. We inherit a predisposition or tendency to Catarrh, just like other blood diseases; it is!
"bred in the bonaand can not tys reached with sprays and salves, but requires constitutional)
treatment and a thorough cleansing of the disease-tainted blood. \
• CONTAGIOUS BLOOD POISON is responsible for more suffering than all other
diseases combined, and none is so surely transmitted from parent to child. Fearful ulcers.
and sores and djsgttsting skin eruptions often break out in infancy, and those whose blood is
tainted with this awful poison are handicapped from brrth, and unless the poison is eradi-
cated carry the taint through life.
i CANCEROUS ULCERS and old sores, seem to pursue some families through gen-
erations; and in spite 1 of washes, salves and ointments, continue to spread and grow be-
cause the taint is in the blood; is 'bred in the bone arid grounded in the flesh
Nothing but a real blood remedy like S. S. S. can reach, these deeply rooted, inborn
diseases. It goes to the fountain source of the trouble, uproots the old taint, drives out
the poisons that have been lurking in the blood for years, and tones up the weakly constitution.
S. S. S. reaches diseases of this character that ne other medicine does or can. It has
been tested in thousands of cases during the nearly fifty years of its existence, and its reputa-
__%. ¦ ¦ . ' tion as a cure for chronic blood troubles is firmly established/
.^SsiJl S.'.S. S. is guaranteed purely vegetable and suited to
C^» i C C^***^ C old and young and persons of delicate constitution. If you
i \^^^ VZ^V have inherited a predisposition or tendency to some family
fr»w/3 J 1^^ J |W,J J tai 11 *} the sooner you begin a course of S. S. S. the quicker
1^ IM ,f^ *>^^^f«y and more certain the cure. The disease may develop-
; ,'^ ¦ m chudhood or later on in life, but is sure to make its ap- ;
pearance sometime, " for What is bred in the bone Wifl OUt in the flesh," as sure as you live.
; Our physicians make diseases erf the blood and skin a special study. Write us all
about your case, and medical-advice <$r any special information desired will cost you notnjng.
~— —^^ . JH£ SW»T $P£CJf7O CO., ATIANTA, Gj\m
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CURE
for Men
...That Is...
* ?
t DR. O. C. JOSLEN, t
• The Leadinx eDecialSM. *
A thorough understanding as to the
nature of an cllment is the first essen-
tial in its euceeraful treetinent. De-
caufie this first essential has been
larking those functional derang-ements
commonly known as "weaknws" have
never been permanently overcome by
the methods commonly employed
| emor.jj physicians. "Weakness" je not
a nervous disorder demandlns a tonic
eyEtem of treatment, but is merely a
Fjmptom of chrcnle inflammation or
U oon|t>-«tlon in the prostate gland. This
I condition exists a« a result of early
<3lF.slr>ation or some Improperly treated
contracted disorder, and requires care-
fully directed local measures only.
Under my tieatrr.ent all parts of the
organic system are quickly restored to
a normal stat*. «rhle!i remit* in full
and complete return of strength and
vl«or.
I AND TOU CAX TAT WHEN
. CUBED.
'¦ Z cure with tui varying- «uc-
ee«« X.o«t Manhood, Seminal
W*tka«n, Spermatorrhoea,
Varicocele, Diseases of the
Prostate Olanfl, Unnatural
Lottei, Stricture, Contagious
Zlood Poison aad all Diseases
Common to Ken.
Colored chart of the eexnal
orpan« free, toe.
Consultation, advice. Interesting pam-
phlet, "Live All Your Life a Man."
¦ »nri colored chart of err arm, all free,
cither at office or by mail. Home treat-
ment la always certain and eatisfac-
tcry.
DR. 0. CTJOSLEN,
Markit and Kearny Sts.
K Prinfe . Entrance 762 Market StreetST. LOUIS, Sept. 10.— Cyrus E. OlllesDte, a
skillful inventor, drowned himself to-day In a
well near his home In Edwardsvllle, Ills. No
reason except Illness Is given for the deed.
Cresceus Lowers a Record.
OMAHA. Neb.. Sept. 19.— Cresceua. th»
world's champion trotting stallion, broke an
other world's records at Exposition Park track
to-day by making a mile en a half mile track
In 2:08 flat, and also lowered his own record
of 2'0SVi. ThJ performance was witnessed
by 6000' oersons. The time by quarters wsu»
as follows: :31%. 1:03*. 1:33%. 2:08 flat.
The trotting stallion was paced by an auto
mobile and with a running mate. Had It not
been for a strong wind blowing up the quar
ter stretch the mile would have been made In
2:07.
Fast Time Hade in Belay Bacs.
PUEBLO, Colo.. Sept. 10. — At the State fair
races tlie five-mile cowboy relay race record
was • lowered r.'™ seconds by th« WaUcn &
Pratt string of cow ponies, the distance belns
made ¦ in nine minutes and thirty-five and a
half seconds. The former record, held by tha
Palmer fc Webster strlny. was 0:42.
SIXTH RACE— Selling, about six furlongs:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
9 to 1O— Irene Lindsay. 104 (Kullr) 1115
4 to 1 — Counterpoise. 09(Hlgglns) 4 2 2 1*4
15 to 1 — Sweet Alice. 104(Desouza) 5 3 3 h
Time, 1:09 4-5. Start poor. ..Won easily.
Winner, E. E. Smathers' br. m. by St. George-
Vantage. Captlvator 00. Osgood 102, Locket
101, Plater 104, Trinity Bell 103, Interval 100;
¦Up ran.
FIFTH RACE: — Selling, two-year-olds, five
and a half furlongs:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. «i Fin.
9 to 10 — Funnyolde, 1O7 (Redfern) 1 3 12
0 to 1— Monet. 105 (Burns) 2 2 2 h
15 to 1— Prince Vic, 04 (Dcsouza) 9 7 3 %
Time, 1:07 4-5. Start bad. ¦•Won driving.
Winner. Miss IT. W. Littlefleld's br. f. by Oa
lorc-Merriness. Wlstr.ria 04, Sneer 06, Gold
Spink 97, Llda Lelb 104, Oriel 111. Anna Has
tings 04, Anirad 102, Gamey 102, Aqua 102.
also ran.
FOURTH RACE— The Second Special, one
and a half miles:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
1 to 2— McChesney. 126 (Fuller).. 2 3 1 2^
« to 8 — The Picket. 110 (O'Neill) 3 2 2 e
100 to 1— Sheriff Bell.UOUI.Callhn) 113
Time. 2:34. Start good. Won galloping.
Winner, E. E. Smathers' ch. c. by McDuff-
Manola Mason. ..-- ,.;
THIRD RACE — The Hindoo Stakes, for two
year-olds; one and three-quarter miles:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey, St. % Fin.
11 to 10— Hurstbourne. 118 (Fuller) I 2 1 3 •
16 to 5— Janeway, 10H (Burns).... 4 3 2-%
4 to 1— Gimcrack, 114 (Gannon). 3 4 3 16
Time, 2:59. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. W. B. Leeds' b. c. by Indlo-Flora Hurst,
l'haon 10b'. also ran.
SECOND RACE— The King's Highway Stee
jilechate :
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 tod— Judge Phillips. 140 (J. •
O'Brien) 7 4 lh
10 to 1— Step Lightly. 144 (Ray).. 5 2 2 Hi
5 to 2 — Land of Clover. leC(Veltch) 4 3 3 1U
Time, 4:06. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner, G. Schwarz' ch. g. by Georgetown-Aunt
(.'al. Rowdy 153, Jim Newman 140, Gypsle
130. Caller 145, Zinziber 153, Baron Pepper
134, Lavator 170. also ran,.
The $15,000 Hindu stakes, for three-year
olds, was won easily by the favorite,
Hurstbourne, With Janeway second and
Gimcrack third.
Jockey H. Callahan had a bad fall in
the last race, but escaped with a shaking
up. Mordella, the winner of the race, was
disqualified for fouling. Summary:
FIRST RACE — Handicap, all ages, one and a
sixteenth miles:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. *-i Fin.
1 to Z — CaughnawasH.lZU (liullmn) 4 & 1 h
8 to 1— Sir Voorhles, 1WJ (Boyd).. 112 4
CO to 1— Slidell. «ti (D. O'Connor).. 3 2 3 l'/i
Time, 1 :18 1-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, J. Sanford'a ch. c. by Clifford-Li
Tosca. Brigand 106, Glenwater IIS, Ethics 10*. ,
Bonnibert Y-Z, Satire i»4. Leader 114, also ran.
They were sent away quckly to a good
start. Passing the stand the first time
Sheriff Bell was in the lead, with The
Picket second and McChesney last. This
order was maintained into the back
stretch. Rounding the tar turn the three
horses were running head and head, with
McChesney on the outside. At the head
of the stretch McChesney was slowly
forging to the front, and at the one
eighth pole he was a good length In front.
From there to the finish he Just galloped,
winning easily by two and a half lengths.
Tne Picket finished six lengths in front
of Sheriff Bell.
The Brighton Beach Association has of
fered to hang up a JlO.OuO purse for a race
between McChesney and Waterboy.
The Second Special was for three-year
olds and iipward, at a mile and a half.
Four were carded to start, but Moon
Daisy was drawn. McChesney 126, The
Picket 110 and Sheriff Bell 110 were the
starters.
NEW YORK, Sept. 19.-E. E. Smathers'
McChesney, favorite at 1 to 2, won the
Second Special at Grave3end to-day. It
was reported around the ring that Smath
ers won close to $75,000 on McChesney and
Irene Lindsay, winner of the sixth race.
Special Dispatch to The Call
•Disqualified.
Time, 1:08. Start fair. Won drlvfnj. Win
ner. Mexican Stable's ch. g. by Bathampton-
Trouba. Pristlna 00. Shortcake ft3. Vibrator
102. Huapala 00. Gypsy Ben 104. Yo San 104,
Florlxel 99. also ran. ,
SIXTH RACE— One mile; purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
0 to &— Orfeo. Ill (J. R«lfT) 2 2 In
.'> to 1 — The tmn. Ill (Buchanan).. 1 1 2h
a to 2— Lurallghter. Ill (Stllle) 5 3 3 10
Time. 1 :42 4-5. Start fair. Won driving.
Winner, E. Corrlgan's b. r. by Orstnl-Moonllt.
Pallor f s Dream 104,' Pirateer 107, Blue Miracle
104, also ran.
SEVENTH RACE— Selling, two-year-olds,
five and a half furlongs:
Bettlnp. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. »i Fin.
*4 to 1— Mordella. 04 (W. Fischer) 1 1 1 h
10 to 1— Eagle. 100 (O'Brien) 5 2 2 4
20 to 1— Silver Days. 110 (Cochme) 6 5 3 «
3% to 1— Bob Murphy, 1C9 (Fuller) » 6 4 Z
2 to 1— Frank M, !>2 (H. Phillips) 14 3 4
Tlma. 1 :44 1-5. Start good. Won driving.
¦Winner, B. Butler's br. f. by Hastings- Wood
Nymph. Major Dlxon 08. Reckless S8. Ida V
05, Rube 00. Antolee 05, also ran.
FIFTH RACE — One mile: selling:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. *; Fin.
30 to 1— Emma A M. lCfl (OJIph&nt) 2 1 1 h
Even— Bard of Avon. 05 (Spencr) I! 2 ink
FOURTH RACK — Five furlongs: handicap:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. »i Fin.
6 to 2— Toledo. Ill (Otis) 3 .1 1 h
0 to 2 — Testimony. 104 (Buchanan) 1 1 2 1^
Even— My Gem. 05 (3. Bonner)... 2 4 3 2
Time. 1 :02 2-5. Start Rood. Won driving.
Winner. Burns & Waterhouse's ch. c. by Alta
max-Talluda. William' Wright 100, Trompeuse
105. Foncasta 103, also ran.
THIRD ItACE — Six fur'.ongs; Fleetfoot han
dicap:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
7 to 2— McGee. 104 (Baker 6 B lh
4 to 1 — Beau Ormonde. 110 (Phllps) 4 5 2h
7 to 1 — Toah. 108 (Otls> 13 3 1
Time. 1:14 S-R Start good. Won driving.
Winner. E. Corrlgan's b. c. by White Knlght-
Remorse. The Kentucklan 110, Schwalbe 107.
Golden Rule ICe", Talpa 101, The Forum 90, also
ran.
SECOND RACE— Steeplechase, short coarse;
handicap:
netting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 1' — Galba. 130 (Hueston) 7 2 Ink
15 to 1 — Paulaker. 140 (Seaton) 5 12 4
20 to 1 — J. K. Owens. 12S fJohnsn> 2 3 3 8
Time, ;):0S3-f. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, E. Corrigan's b. c. by Major Rlchards-
MIsh Preston. Oliver Me 146. Itacatlara l."J6.
also ran; Snowdrift 183, Limelight 135. pulled
up- Duke of York 157. ran out; Mrs. Grannon
141. fell.
F1KST RACE — Six furlongs; selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey."" St. % Fin.
is to 5 — Redan. 110 iRelff) tt 1 1 n
7 to 1— Lady Kent, 105 (Knapp).. 2 3 2 2
7 to 1— Dutch Carter. 100 <Phllps) 4 4 3 h
Time, 1:10 3-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. E Corrtgan'a b. g. by Artillery-Prin
cess Xorettl. Charlie Grainger 105. Frivol 100.
Fleuron 107. The Rabbit 100. Sir Christopher
105 Galathee ll!». James J. Corbett 108, Bag
dad 1C0, Gracious 100, elso ran.
The track was In good shape, the
weather clear and cool and the attend
ance the best of the week. Summary:
CHICAGO. Sept. 19.-Fortune and the
conditions Imposed by the man who
makes up the races favored Ed Corrlgan
at Hawthorne to-day, his horses captur
ing four of the six races. The feature
was the victory of McGee In the Fleetfoot
handicap, which the colt won by a short
head from Beau Ormonde. It was a sen
sational struggle at the end and the vic
tory was practically a fluke. McGee
seemed beaten off at the head of the
stretch. As the field swung at the stretch
turn Baker brought McGee through on
the Inside, saving much ground and en
abling him to win by a scant head. So
close was the betting that McGee, Golden
Rule and The Kentucklan went to the
post equal favorites at 7 to 2, and all of
the horses in the race were played.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEVENTH K ACE— Six furlongs, telling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. »* Fin.
S to 1— Dynasty. 107 (Castro) 5 2 13
5 to 1— GU3 Lanka. 107 (Brknrth) 7 6 2?
13 to 1— Dr. Scnarff. 105 (Shea)... 2 4 3 H
Time 1:^7%. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner J B Jones' br. or blk. m. by Prince of
Monaco-Nellie Whltakcr. Bernota 110. Miss
Manners * W. Sweet Dream 09. Sid Sllrer 100.
Sweet Charity 108. Bluegrass Girl luJ. Balrd
107. also ran- ,
SIXTH RACE — One and three-sixteenth
miles, selling: . *''
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *4 Fin.
3 to 1— The Bobby. 103 (Sayers).. 1 5 1 10
8 to 1-E1 Caney. 100 (J. Sheehan) 2 4 2 2
5 to 1— Branch. 100 (Castro) 3 2 ff I
Time 2:06>^. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner J J. Ogle's ch. g. by Inspector B- Pansy
Blossom. Tony Lepptng 10O. Galolt 83. Ktng
•telle OS, Vlccerne 9", also ran.
FIFTH RACE— Five furlongs, purse:
Bettln?. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fla.
13 to 1— Frank Collins, 100 (J.
Hennessey) 3 1 1*
4 to 1— Ingolthrtft. 103 (Calvit).. 4 4 2 l»i
2 to 1 — Bagirerly. 103 (Shea) 2 2 3 U>
Time 1:03%. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner Mrs. A. Glvens' br. c. by Joe Norwood-
Lady Clyde. Arlo 103. W. P. Palmer 102. Ida
Davis 104. Interrogation 100. Matt Wadlelgh.
100. Bradley Bill 107. True Girl 105. also ran.
FOURTH RACE — Seven, furlongs, St. Fran
cois handicap:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. »* Fin.
3 to l—Croix d'Or. 107 (J. Sheehn) 3 115
7 to 1— Pourquol Pas. 03 (Shea)... 13 2 1
2 to 1— Hllee. 116 (Blrkenruth) 2 2 3 3
Tim*. l:30>i. Start poor. Won easily. Win
ner. XV. Mulkey's ch. g. by Dorchart-Golden,
Slipper. Jordan 108, Belvln* 105. Don O'Hlg!\
02. also ran.
THIRD RACE — Six furlongs, selling:
Betting. Horse. Weljcht. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
15 to 1— Crime, 101 (Scully) 2 3 1 H
8 to 1— Zirl. 1(V? (F. Smith) 4 4 2 nlc
3 to 1 — Irene Mac. 9G (Shea.) 10 5 3 1^
Time, lilS'ri. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner J. S "Bratton's b. f. by St. Floiian-Reply.
Alice S 99. Eliza Cook 104. Star Gazer 1O«,
Postman 107. Broodier 104, Budwelser 93, Du
ella 102, Tangent 101, al3o ran.
SECOND RACE — Six and a half fur'.ongs.
puise:
netting. Horse. TVeiffht. Jockey. St. «; Fin.
6 to 1— Athena, 106 (J. Sheehan).. 1 1 1 l a
Even— Wenrlck. 09 »C. Miller) 4 2 2 2
3 to 1— Walnt Hill; 104 (Blrknrth) 2 3 3 5
Time, l-.K^. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. T. P. Hayes' b. f. by Halma-Besste Lea
B. Hush McOowan SXJ also ran.
ST. LOUIS. Sept. 19.— The St. Francois
handicap at seven furlongs was the fea
ture of an excellent card at Delmar Park
this afternoon and was won In easy fash
ion by Croix d'Or, second choice in the
betting. Outsiders in the betting won all
of the races except the sixth. Weather
clear, track fair. Summary:
FIRST RACjE — Six furlongs, selling:
Betting. Hnrse. AVeisht. Jockey. St. % Fin.
» to 1— La Cache. »» (Howell)... 3 1 Ink
1.1 to 1— Certain. 104 (Castro) 5 3 23
16 to 1— Goo Goo. »8 (V.'elckert). .11) 6 3 »i
Time. 1:18V.. start good. Won driving. Win
ner. A. B. McGlnnls & Co.'s ch. c. by John
Cooper-While VVway. Helen Hay 98. Harry
Griffith 99, Ben Bralnafd 96, Stub 103, Charles
C 104, Ultra Vires 104. Pope Leo 107. Itutb U
OS, Called Back 107, Goudy 03, also ran.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Sends in Large Commis
sions on McChesney
and Irene Lindsay.
Colt Takes the Pleetfoot
Handicap by Hugging
the Rail.
Upsets Are Numerous
on the Delmar Park
Track.
SMATHERS MAKES
HEAVY CLEAN-UP
SAVING GROUND
WINS FOR M'GEE
ONE LONE FIRST
CHOICE IN FRONT
Death of an Eminent Physician.
FISHKILL, LANDING. N. Y.. Sept 19.
—Dr. Egbert Guernsey, the eminent
homeopathic physician of New York City,
die-el here to-day of pneumonia.
WOONSOCKET. R. I.. Sept. 10. — The pay
master of the American Woolen Company was
held up to-day near here by three Italians, who
robbed him of S.HOOO. The robbers escaped.
COPENHAGEN, Sept. 10.— Dowager Queen
Margherlta of Italy arrived here to-night on
her v.ay to Sweden and received an enthusiastic
welcome.
HAVRE. France. Sept. 19. — Van Fleet Sad
dler, described as an American tourist, whilt
riding In an automobile down a ste'ep street
in the town of Bolbec, lost control of his ma
chine and collided with the sidewalk. Kaddler
and his wife were pitched out. Saddler's knee
was broken and his face badly Injured and
Mrs. Saddler sustained some contusions.
Automobile Collides With Sidewalk.
SANTIAGO DE CUBA. Sept. 19.— The most
violent *arth<j-u«ke since ItiSS occurrtd here
«•!•!>' to-day. The earth shook for fifteen sec
onds, but tnere were no undulations. Many
per*or.« rushed into the streets and cried and
Prayed. Brick and plastering dropped In ail
<Ure«loc« ar.d a few wal'.s fell. Nobody,
however, wsls Injured.
Earthquakes Disturb Cubans.
ANACONDA. Mont.. Sept. 19. — Thomas Rud
dy and George Oftilftve were caught by offi
cers of the French Gulch Dredging Company
In the act of robbing the sluice boxes of gold
early this morning. The company officials sus
pected that the boxes were being robbed and
a watch was «et. OgiUIve later confessed In
jail that Ruddy and he had been systematically
rotblr.g th<» boxes for many months and re
turned to the company more than $1(XX> worth
of fA'i dust which he had In his possession.
Whilt being taken to Jail Ruddy secured a
rifle and attempted to kill Roy Davidson,
president of the company. During the scuffle
he fired one fehot, but missed Davidson. Be
fore he could fire again the workmen over
powered him.
Sluice-Box Robbers Caught.
James Wins the Championship.
CHICAGO, Sent. 19. — Louis N. Jara»s cf
Glcnview. lart ytar's national title holder, ue
feated I'aul T. Murphy of the Garden City
(L. I.) Golf Club In the 36-hole finals of th=
Glenvicw cup championship to-day by four up
and four to play. It was almost a foregone
conclrsion after the morning round that Jaitifs
would win. as he had a lead of two up for
the eifhieen holes. Neither played as well
as in thf> preceding rounds of the tournament,
both being erratic at times. Murphy had more
lr.ck than his opponent, but on the whole was
outclassed.
CINCINNATI, Sept. 19.— Negotiations
are now on for an attempt by Dick Welles
to break his mile world's running record
of 1:37 2-3 at the fall meeting at Latonla,
which opens on October 24. The same
methods employed when Salvator broke
the record at Monmouth Park will be
used at Latonia. and Dick Welles will be
picked up by the fast pacemakers all
along the route.
Dick Welles to Try for Record.
Member of the Bohemian Boat Club
Scores a Decisive Victory on
the Harlem.
IfEVT TORK, Sept. 19. — The senior single
scull shea race, the chief event of the fall
regatta, of the Harlem Regatta Association
ca the Harlem this afternoon, was won de
«-!s!rely by Frank Veseley of the Bohemian
Tioftt Club. New York. Summary:
Jur.j.r single bcuUb — Wen by C. A. Mulier.
Xtsau lioat Club. New York; J. C. EU?r.
Metropolitan Athletic Club, New York, second.
Time. 6:03 1-5.
Senior elncle ¦culls — Won by Frank Veseley.
Bohemian Boat Club. New York; C. S. Titus.
Atlanta Bo*t Club, second. Time. 5:11 2-5.
Four oarad gigs— Won by Dauntless Club,
Xew York. Time, r>:21.
Seclor double sculls — Won by Atlanta Boat
Club. Tims. <Al.
Junior double sculls — Won by Metropolitan
Boat Club. Tin-.*. 4:44.
Junior four-oareJ Kirs-^Won by Bohemian
crew. New York. Time, 5:01 1-5.
VESELEY WINS THE SENIOR
SINGLE SCTJLL SHELL BACE
Judge Crews' decision leaves the entire es
tate in the possession of Mrs. Dr. J. G. Par
rish Jr.. the only dauphtpr of Imboden.
Miss Pierce's contention was ' supported In
the Probate Court by depositions taken in St.
Louis. French Lick Springs. Ind.. and Hot
Springs, Ark., from witnesses who say that
she and Imboden were knqwn as husband and
wife.
ST. LOtTIS. Sept. 19. — Judge Thomas B.
Crews of the St. Louis Probate Court, In a de
cision announced to-day, refused to allow the
claim of Lillie Belle Pierce to a widow's ehare
of the $500,000 estate of the late Luther E.
Imboden. whose common law wife she says
she Is. Attorney Joseph Wheeler, on behalf of
Miss Pierce, took, an appeal to the Circuit
Court.
Lillie Belle Fierce Loses Her Suit
Against the Imboden Estate in
St. Louis.
COURT DECIDES AGAINST
CLAIM OF ALLEGED WIDOW
women of the Golden Gate
I Tennis Club participated in some
I lively turnament play yesterday on
the public courts. As play was
confined to the second and third
classes the matches, although exciting
and hotly contested, were not of a high
class.
In the second class the cups were car
ried off by a new team. Miss Anita Bey
fuss and Miss Gretta Lindstrom. Miss
Vera Beyfuss and Miss Hazel Naylor by
winning the third class trophies yester
day gain permanent possession of them.
They won the previous tournament and
as the cups were to be won twice they
now belong to the winners.
By far the best match was that in
which Miss Anita Beyfus3 and Miss Lind
strom were opposed to Miss Dorothy
Weed and Miss Alice Naylor. The latter
were the cup holders and the former were
considered their most dangerous oppo
nents. After each had won and lost a set
6-2 Miss Beyfuss and Miss L4ndstrom
took the third and deciding one, which
went to deuce. The winners were steadier
than their opponents and won by getting
the balls back. Miss Weed played an ag
gressive game, but sacrificed direction
for speed. The score was 6-2, 6-2, 7-5.
Miss Anna Alberger and Miss Karin
Llndstrom won all their matches easily
until they reached the finals, where they
were beaten in straight sets.
In the third class one of the teams de
faulted and the only match played re
sulted in a victory for Miss Vera Bey
fuss and Miss Hazel Naylor, who beat
Mrs. Whitney and Miss Mearns 8-6, 6-2.
The second class resulted as follows:
Preliminary round— Miss Anna Alberger and
Miss Knrin Llndstrom beat MIfs A. Sea and
MIsp Lubbln, t>-2. C-0; Mirs Dorothy Weed
and Miss Alice Naylor beat Miss Ida Mearns
and THUs V. Crocker. 7-5, 0-2.
First round— MUs LJndstrom and Miss Al
berger beat Miss Mills and Miss Duncan. 6-2,
rt-3; Miss BeyfufH and Mis3 L.lndstrom beat
Miss Weed and Miss Naylor, C-'J. 2-6. 7-5.
Finals— Miss Beyfuss and Miss Lindslrom
beat Miss Alberger and Miss K. Llndstrom.
6-2, 6-3.
Many of the players who will partici
pate In the tournament to-day were out
for practice. Guy Lytton and Charles
Dunlap played a tie match with Charles
Griffin and J. M. Baker, the score being
7-5, 2-6. George Janes and Dunlap beat
George Finch and Charles Teller 6-2, 6-4.
M. Ix)ng and Teller beat J. R. Lewis and
J. B. Adams 6-3, 4-6, 7-5. Finch and Ad
ams tied Teller and Janes 6-3, 3-6.
Many of the California Club players
braved the foe and wind and put in the
afternoon before the nets. A fast doubles
was played by Dr. Sumner Hardy and
Harry Holfe and Sidney Salisbury and
Dr. Hill. Hardy and Rolfe won three
sets, the last of which was close. Hardy
somewhat outclasses the others and won
many aces for his side.
In singles "Will Allen and Norman Hodg
kinson played three fast sets. The for
mer won the first, but the professional
beat him out in the next two. Hodgkln
son also won three straight from Ray
Cornell.
The following matches were played:
Glenn Cogwell beat Harry McAfee, 6-3, 6-0,
C-0: Dr. Lovecrove aiid T. D. Black beat L,.
C. Bozarth and H. Gabriel. 0-4, 3-t». '0-1; Nor
man Hodttkinson beat Will Allen. 5-7. fl-2. G-4.
and Roy Cornell 6-3. 6-4. (J-2; Dr. Noble beat
\\\ Little. 0-4. 0-l>, C-3, 8-it; Bozarth beat
Gray, 0-4, U-4; Sidney Salisbury beat Harry
Holfe. C-4. C-3: KoHe and -Dr. Hardy beat
Salisbury an.l Dr. Hill. «-2, «-:{. 7-5; Allen
b»at Harry Haisht, 8-6. 0-4; Bozarth tltd J.
T. Brady. 0-4,^5-7.
The seventh handicap doubles tourna
ment for the challenge cups will be played
on the park courts to-day. Play will be
gin promptly at 9 o'clock.
Tennis Cups Become the Property of Miss Vera
Beyfussand Miss Hazel Naylor Through Their
Second Victory on Golden Gate Park Courts
TROPHIES ARE CAPTURED
BY FAIR YOUNG EXPERTS
THE SAN FEANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY. SEPTEMBER 20. 1903.
35
_,__.;_.'• : '. .•___„ ADVEBTISEMEKTS. _-_
QUCB©EaocoaoKoaon9n©n©aocoaoBoaoa©BoaoBonoE5oaoaonoaosoaoncaoao3onoao
H IjbIiIBJIIhBPbBhBSBI i BJBtitil&y Igfln^^ Thousands of men are mere pigmie3 of
2 ' MaBMBgJfl HiWJlJrag^^ ¦W^Sfiffl^^ what nature intended them, backward, over
© fj7n sensitive, fearing to venture, delicate, easily
9 WBwaj|BBB|aK /^^ir discouraged, short of breath, weak nerved, lacking
• w 1 y t^ ie £ r^' e " sanc *" which is the possession of vigor-
§ 7^\f/y ous man h°°d. They need Electricity, which is ani-
13 j^MJ^j^^^&gBig-S ry^^V^-^- ma l vitality. It is the foundation of all vigor. It is
B B&B&m&B&^^s • |»^jj!r the fuel to the engine which runs the human ma-
H : (wli?^^^ chine. Electricity, as 1 apply it, is a source of new
s S^^mi^^ DR. MCLAUGHLIN'S ELECTRIC BELT
t*' /Jsfi!»*« Restores the snap, the vim and vigor of youth. Any man
% &5^^^^^«^^^?7^'^^t^n who wcars lt can bc a Siant in mental and physical <ievelop-
r ment - Mcn - arc you wcak> havc }" ou pains m the back - vari "
• coccle. weak stomach, constipation. lumbago, rheumatism,
Bi i^^^^»^«^W^^i^H////[^^^3i eniarged prostate eland, or anv of the re?u!ts of early mii-
4> jSpfftjj Eft 4 HSP^^Kf^Bl^^y//ff^S^i takes, excesses or overwork? My method of applying Elec-
>' KvSsjj gw tricity while you sleep at night will cure you. It fills the
I READ THIS EVIDENCE
£, III BlIITfTtfl * have worn your Belt for a little over two months now. and I *m
II I mil 1 1 1 1 1 If better than I have ever been before. That tired feeling has left me, and
fi I « I Sill I II 11/ my back Is rdl right - HENRY DIETRICH. Caldwall. Ida.
«' I /jL '////// Tour Belt has done me a world of ;tood. My rheumatism Is al! gone
© I '/ i ' A*i f* I li ' and I an feeling: very rood indeed. J. J. HESNESST, Xorthport. Wash.
• For twenty year's I have studied Electric -y as applied for the upbuilding of manly strength, and ray
S method of treatment, now tried and successful ., the result of my study and experience. •
£ Electricity is life to the weak parts and to the nerves of the body. They cannot live without it. Get back
<£ the power and make yourself a man among men.
c WRITE TO-DAY FOR MY FREE ILLUSTRATED BOOK AND FULL INFORMATION.
1- Dr McLauehlin's book fs published for free distribution to those interested in the development of vigor-
&¦: ous health in men and women. It is profusely illustrated and describes mv method of treatment and appliances.
® Sent sealed, free, on request. Send for it to-day. Cut out this ad.
1 Dr M C McLauchlin, 906 Mai *ket Street.
» \JY . IVl. W. iTlWl-rfClUJ^illllM Above Ellis, San Francisco.
*• Office Hours— 8 a. m. to 8 p. m. Sundays, 10 to I.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVESTISEMENTS.
("K/WJT I To INTRODUCE I
QBJOIAiif" 1 «^ wool underwear.su- |
w/#/l //tf/l (Registered) " perior in many ways |j
1^ ww. .__^_ to the best heretofore j|
UNDERWEAR r;J\": I
F . r3mOTU » °J5.00 theJSuitJ
j Our UNURET Is a hygienic LINEN, preferred and commended 1
¦ because it is also form-fitting, sightly and durable. Ask about It. M
..Ladies' Knitted.- I
VESTS and JACKETS / f &f^j*e / jL I
I] Delightful to the TO -» • H
eyeandthebody j,^ KWITWTIWRnn 1
(I Jp/.OU 60 GEARY STREET 1
H OPEN SATURDAYS till JfcOO P.M. SAN FRANCISCO HLieutenant John D. Yost of tho medical
department, U. S. A., has been ordered to
relieve Captain Page as examiner of re
cruits In this city and a* surgeon at Fort
Mason. Captain Page will accompany the
Seventh Infantry to the. Philippines. The
Tenth Infantry will take station at the
depot for recruit instruction at the Pre
sidio-
News in Army Circles.
The officers of Golden Gate Lodge of the
order of B'rtth Abraham were Installed
at the last held meeting by Past Presi
dent Rapel for the current term. After
the Installation retiring President Isack
sohn was presented by Past President
Alerenunlcht on behalf of the lodge a
handsome gold watch, appropriately in
scribed, in recognition of hla services
while in the chair. This was followed by
short addresses by Mra. Bertha Levy of
California Lodge. Harris Levy and a
number of others.
B'rlth Abraham Installation.
Mrs. A. Schlesinger and daughter, Mrs.
A. Mitchell of 1807 Octavia street, will be
at home Tuesday and Wednesday, Sep-
Dr. and. Mrs. W. A. Atwood of 26 McAl
lister street have returned; to. the \ city,
after a two months' visit to New -York
and other Eastern cities. ."'.' ¦
Mr. and Mrs. Charles Tichner, formerly
of 702 McA«llster street, are now located
at SOS^ McAllister street, corner of La
guna. " . .. • A; r :: ; ::¦'.
Miss Hatty Schlesiger. formerly of Oak
land, has returned to California on a" visit
to relatives In San Francisco. She will be
pleased to see her friends at 1415 Stelner
street on Friday next. .
• • . " •
Miss Pauline Morris of 753 Eddy stre«t
will be pleased to see her friends Sunday
evening, September 20, . prior to her de
parture for the East, whither she will ac
company her cousin, Mrs. M. M. Kenst
ler, and son. •^•v,;
Mr. ' and Mrs. Saul Morris, nee
Norton, daughter of. Samuel Norton of
Los Angeles, have returned • from their
honeymoon and have taken apartments in
the Llthgow apartment-house. 2053 Sutter
street, where Mrs. Morris willbe pleased
to see her friends the third Thursday in
October. W *
Miss Jennie Pechner. accompanied by
her mother, Mrs. R. B. Pechner, left for
Europe on September 15 for the purpose
of completing her musical education.
PERSONALS.
TJie California School of Mechanical
Arts will to-morrow observe founder's
day. The memory of James Lick will
be duly commemorated. There will be
exercises in the mornins in which the
students and officers of the school will
participate. An address will be delivered
by Rev. Bradford Leavltt. pastor of the
First Unitarian Church. From 1 to 4:C0
p. m. the school will be open to the gen
eral public.
f orn School of Mechanical Arts
to Hold Exercises.
Faculty and Students of the Call-
WILL PAY MEMORY'S DUB
TO LICK, THE FOUNDER
About what to give for a present— al! de
partments bustle with good things at
moderate prices. Stationery, leather
goods, pictures, frames and novelties.
Sanborn, Vail & Co.. 741 Market street. •
Don't Worry
The following people are sojourning at
Paraiso Springs: From Sap Francisco-
Lillian Doefleld. Tersia Johnson. D. A.
Ostrom. jl D. Eaton. George E. Taw,
W. F. Arisur. Mr. and Mrs. C. C. Car
roll. Mrs. F. Hoffman, Mrs. T. JlcGrath.
Juliet Grennlnger, A. Harris, Mrs. George
Llebold. Androw W. Roberts, Adoiph
Hromada and wife, Mrs. M. Strom. Wil
liam Dumphy; Watson vllle — Julius Young
J. H. McEwen, Mrs. E. Tuttle. Mrs. J.'
Kennnugh, Mis. T. Palmtagr. Mrs. J. Dig
gins, Chis Struve; Kings City, Mr. and
Mrs. F. E. Phillips and son: Syracuse.
Kans., Alta Jones; Santa Cruz— Henry
WHIey and family, Kate Banter, W. R
Ward, D. S. Jones, Sam Harris; Salinas
—Miss M. Gallagher, J. J. Boyson and
wife: San Luis Oblspov-Mrs. c. B.
Houghston and son, Mrs. Dana; Oakland
— Mrs. H. Mathews. Mrs. E. Wilson; San
AT THE RESORTS. -^
Miss Martha Schwartze of the Starr
King building has returned from her Eu
ropean trip.
Mr. and Mrs. S. Regensburger have re
moved from 1306 Ellis street to 544 Second
avenue.
Mrs. Alexander Campbell, wife of Judge
Campbell of Los Angeles, is visiting her
sister, Mrs. William K> Black, at Rose
and Oxford streets, Berkeley.
•-•',"¦- • ¦-¦-;*
Mrs. B. Myer of 2271 California street
will be at home on Wednesday, Septem
ber 23, prior to her departure for New
York, v,-:
Mrs. A. W. Morgan of this city is visit-
Ing her sister, s^Irs. Frank Drake, in
Portland, Oregon.
mento as t e guest of the Misses Peter
son.
tember 22 and 23, prior to their departure
for the East.
Miss Doris Heuer is visiting in Sacra-
The following guests registered at Aetna
Springs: From San Francisco— William.
Grosse, Mrs. William Groase, Mrs. Muser;
Alameda, Mrs. H. P. Wichman: St. He
lena—Dr. and Mrs. J. L.. Arbogast. R. R.
Burns: Minneapolis. D. D. Furell: Ruth
erford, Mrs. John A. Darling: Oakland-
Samuel Kosta, Frank Cushnahan.
Recent arrivals at Selgler Springs:
From San Francisco— Mrs. A. M. Rain
bouville. J. Rocco Gus Schoenlnr. Miss
A. G. Sheridan. Mls3 Kittle Nolan. J.
W. O'Connor and wife. Dr. J. H. O'Con
nor and wife. Miss G. Prag, E. J. Burns,
Mlsa E. "Winters, F. Frederick. Peter Mc-
Gowan Jr.. Miss H. McGowan. Charles
L. Giller, Ike Springer. Edwa/d Schiller.
Mlsa Rose Armstrong. Mrs. R. C. Mat
tison Mrs. J. N. Brittaln. E. D. Sacha
and wife. William H. Hart and wife.
Charles Winkler; Oakland— J. H. Brewer,
L.. A. JMtchell. C. M. Davis. W. C. Jur
gehs, P. Christenson; Vallejo— O. John
son, G. M. Davis: Santa Rosa, Teddy
Lohse and wife.
Jose— Mrs. J. O. Hestwood and family.
Mrs. M. Robinson.
Goes as Delegate.
At the regular meeting of the Humane
Society held Friday Trustee H. E. Holmes
was selected as delegate to the conven
tion of American humane organization?,
to be held at Philadelphia, Pa., November
4. Acting Secretary McCurrie reported
that during the month of 'August more
ihan 150 suffering animals had been af
forded relief through the efforts of the so
ciety's officers.
The Mission Park Association will hold
a maps meeting and entertainment at
Mission Turn Vercin Hull, en Eighteenth
street, next Wednesday evening. The ob
jret of the meeting Is to promote inter
est in the new Mission park which the
rr-sidents of that district hope to obtain
at the coming bond election.
In Aid of Mission Park.
COURT SUSTAINS
ANTOLDI'S WILL
WEDDINGS.
A wedding -of two well-known young
pecpl? occurred on September 16. when
Miss Edith Grace Chaquette, daughter of
Mr. and Mrs. E. N. Chacjuette. became
the bride of James W. Redpath. .The cer
emony was performed by the Rev. R.
Logan of the Lebanon Presbyterian
Church and was witnessed by about. 100
guests The observances of the wedding
were wholly informal, the bride and
groom beintr unattended. W. H. Wool
cock and Alexander Ross officiated as
ushers.
Mr. and Mrs. Rcdp.ith have been inti
mately associated with the affairs of the
Presbyterian church and arc prominently
identified with church work in general.
Mr. Redpath has for many years been
an esteemed employe in the office of
James Hofcburgh of the Southern Pacific,
and has won the highest regard of those
about him by his fine personality and
stron™ character.
The young couple left soon after the cer
emony for a honeymoon trip, after which
they will occupy their charming new
home in the Sunset district.
• • •
A wedding of much Interest occurred in
the Garden City last Wednesday night,
when Glenn C. Barnhart of San Francisco
claimed Miss Lezzette Howard as his
bride. The Rev. Dr. Foote and Dr. Wake-*
field performed the ceremony, in the pres
ence of many well-wishing friends and
relatives. After a reception at the home
of the bride's mother, Mrs. B. N. A. How
ard, the happy pair departed on their
wedding journey.
• • •
Frank P. Medina, who for almost a
pcore of years has acted as electrician and
night chief operator of the Postal Tele
graph Company in this city, and who haa
been also a member of the legal frater
nity for some years, was married on
Thursday last to Mis3 Eva Gertrude An
derson of Glasgow, Scotland, granddaugh
ter of the late Major Turunski, R. A. The
ceremony took place In St. Peter's Episco
pal Church and wa3 performed by the
Rtv. W, M. Bours. Only relatives were
present.
Refuses to Make Order
Revoking Probate
Proceedings.
CLUB PAKTIES.
The Daughters of California Pioneers
will hold a reception and tea to-morrow
at 3 p. m. in the parlors of the Pioneer
Hall. The club is to be addressed by
Fairfax Wheclan, president of the Uni
versity Club, upon "The City Beautiful."
Those who attend will enjoy the talk,
as Mr. Wheelan is vitally Interested
in the growth and development of San
Francisco, and with most of the thinkers
of the city he desires to see it grow in
beauty es veil as In commerca and wealth.
Miss Lucy Adams, the president of the
club, is to be congratulated upon the live
topics brought up for discussion, and par
ticularly for this one. which at this time
is of paramount interest. - .
The California Woman's Whist League
opened the duplicate series on Thursday,
September 17, and a delightful game was
The trial of the contest of the will of
SUinislao Antoldi brought by his cousin,
Carolina Casagrande, came to an end In
Judge Coffey's court yesterday. Without
leaving the bench the court decided that
sufficient evidence to support the claims
of the contestant had not been produced,
and he directed the entry of an order
denying the petition of the contestant for
a revocation of the order admitting the
will to probate.
Antoldi. who was a well-known commis
sion merchant, died two years ago. He
•was worth $30,000, and in a will made by
him on September 26, 1833. he bequeathed
it all to Marguerite Morblo, his godchild
and granddaughter of the late Adoiph Su
tro. The will was written on a letterhead
containing printed matter. It contained
two date lines, one partly printed and the
other entirely In the handwriting of thf
deceased. It was riled June 11 of last
year by Attorney Garret McEnerney, who
took the precaution of having it photo
graphed and of having the photograph
certified to before allowing it to get out
of his custody. This proved a wise pre
caution, for several months later a con
test was brought on the ground that the
document had been tampered with in the
office of the County Clerk and the wholly
written date line interpolated, therein. If
the charge had been sustained by the evi
dence the will would have been declared
Invalid, for the Supreme Court has .de
cided that a holographic will, such as this
purported to be, was invalid if any part
of the document was in any but the hand
writing of the testator.
In addition to the certified photographic
copy of the will, which was in itself evi
dence enough to prove the allegation of
the contestant foundationless, McEnerney
produced witnesses who testified that they
had examined the will the day it was filed
and saw the disputed llrje. He also showed
that from the time It was filed up to Aug.
ust 18 of this year the will had not been
bandied by any one except A. D. Spllvalo,
attorney for the contestant and a repre
sentative of the Public Administrator.
The evidence for the contestant was fur
nUhed by A. D. Spllvalo. his eon and John
Corbett. his clerk. They all swore that
they had seen the document a few days
after it was filed and that to the best of
their knowledge it did not contain the
written date line. Handwriting Expert
Ames also testified for the contestant. He
said that in his Judgment as an expert
who/had given evidence in 1300 cases
where handwriting was disputed the al
leged Interpolated line was not written by
the dseeaeed.
Walter Vidy was the recipient of a
pleasant party at his residence, 2042
O'Farrell street. Saturday evening, Sep
tember 12. The evening was enjoyably
spent with games and dances. v Those
present were Walter Vidy, Phoebe Raich,
Juli^ Uegan, Ana Regan, Mildred Phil
lips, Edna Vidy, Florence Broverman,
Alice Slattery. Julius Marks, Walter Her
zer, Albert Slattery. Carroll Rochester,
Thomas Parrett. Arthur Cahill.
A pleasant evening was "spent at the
residence of Mr. and Mrs. J. Rowson. Sep
tember 8, when a party was given in'honor
of the eighteenth birthday anniversary of
their eldest daughter Edith. After many
games and general merrymaking a de
lightful supper was served at midntghl.
Those present were the Misses Edith
Rowson, Mary Hitchcox. Etta Brown,
Ethel Cross, May Read, Gertie . Ferdt
nandson, Hattie Wolfe, Florence Row
son, Gertrude Rowson, Nellie Dillon and
Emma Billeter; Messrs. Arthur Maguire,
Will Smith, Tom Benny. Allie Engle,
Emilo Holle. John Owen, Ed Owen, John
LUllon and Oscar Billeter.
• • •
A pleasant party wa3 tendered Miss
Georgina Macdonald at her home. 203J
Lincoln street, Berkeley, on Satur
day evening. Among those present were
the Misse3 A. and M. Boyle, Miss May
Mosa, Miss Helen Wayett, Mrs. C. Mac
donald and the Misses G. and M. Mac
donald; Messrs. A. D. MacKinnon, G. E.
Moore, E. Kaufman, Jack Newell, F. aEU.
K. Macdonald.
« • *
Mr. and Mrs. J. Goodman will celebrate
the twenty-fifth anniversary of their
wedding on Sunday afternoon. September
27, at 012 Fulton street, and will bu
pleased to see their friends from 2 until
6 p. m.
• Mr. and Mra. Roy Burns celebrated the
fourth anniversary of their wedding at
their' residence, 3930 Nineteenth street.
Monday evening, September 7. The ccuplo
were reciDients of many gifts from fond
friends, among which were many beauti
ful books. Those present were Mr. and
Mrs. Roy Burns. Mrs. J. A. Burns Sr.,
J. H. Burns, Misses Nettie and Jennie
Burns. Mrs. N. W. Johnson, Virgle John
son, Mrs. William H. Glenn, Thomas
Kern, Mrs. Thomas J. Greggains, tjaby
Hazel Greggains, Laura Glenn, Mrs.. J.
A. Hyde, Mrs. A. Ommert, Miss Gertrude
Oramert, Mr. and Mrs. J. S. Myers, Mr.
and Mrs. W. A. Galvin. Cynthia Biillie,
Mr. and Mrs. W. J. Kenaley. Mr. and
Mrs. A. E. Davis, Mr. and Mrts. C. Mels
kod, Irene Melskod, Mrs. H. R. Schmnck
trt. Miss Ethel Schmuckert, Miss Ethel
Marlott, Emil Flick, G. A. Fruedenberg,
Albert and John Gafflgan.
• • •
On the evening of September 13 a num
ber of the friends of Frank J. Horn, con
nected " with the Southern Pacific, and
well known in fraternal societies, called
at his residence, U2l\i. Folsom street, for
the purpose of congratulating him upon
the anniversary of his birth. Among the
callers were- his children, grandchildren
and intimate friends, who were invited
by Mrs. Horn to remain and enjoy a sup
per that had been prepared for the occa
sion. In the meantime there was an hour
of entertainment in the beautifully deco
rated iiarlors. In the large dining-room
there was a table tastefully dressed with
flowers, with covers laid for thirty, in the
center of which was an anniversary cake
bearing on the top as many candles as
Mr. Horn has attained year3. Mrs. Horn
acted as hostess and was assisted by Mrs.
S. A. Samuel^, each in a charming man
ner performing, her respective functions.
After the. supper and short speeches ap
propriate to the occasion, the party re
turned to the parlor, where there were
games, music and dancing. Among the
guests were Mr. and Mrs. C. F. Wede
meyer, Mr. and Mrs. S. A. Samuels, Mr.
and Mrs. G. Loomls. Mr. and ,Mrs. E'ias,
Mr. and Mrs. C. OrtHmann, Mr. and Mrs.
J. F. Horn, Mrs. Emma Wedemeyer, Mrs.
Maximilian Peralta, Mrs. Lena Sonne
mann, Mrs. Sfckle, Mrs. H. L. Lewis,
Mrs. Sadie Bragg, Mrs. Rousch.iMrs. D.
Little, Miss Greenberg-, Miss I Rousch.
Miss Abrahamson,' Miss Henrietta Sickel,
Mis3 M. Murphy, L. Isaacs and Ernest
C. Stock.
HOME PARTIES.
Mr. and Mrs. C. Becker of 2759 Twen
ty-fourth street, announce the coming
marriage of their daughter. Sylvia, to
Albert J.Ewald of Mount Savage, Md.,
which will take place the second week in
October. The groom-to-be is a draughts
iran of the Southern Pacific - Railroad
Company und the bride is a well known
young lady of the Mission.
Mr. and Mrs. H. Labling have an
nounced the engagement of their daugh
ter, Ida, to A. J. Peters.
Mr. and Mrs. ,S. Caro announce the en
gagement of their daughter, Birdie, to
Lew H. Lampcrt. They will receive to
day, from 2 to 5 at their residence, 2926
Howard street.
Mr. and Mrs. A. Hilson announce the
engagement of their daughter, Rowle, to
L. Prager of Los. Angeles.
The engagement of Miss Lena Bock to
Charles Pister is announced.
The announcement is made by Mr. and
Mrs. James Greig. QJf the betrothal of
their daughter, Emma, to J. ,\V.. Stokes
of New York city. The exact', date of
the wedding has not been decided, but
it will probably occur before the holi
days.
The engagement of MJss Delia "Westar,
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. George Westar,
to 'Ferdinand E. Ilueter "of Santa Cruz,
has been announced. ' Mr. Hueter is as
sociated with the Pacific Mail Steamship
Company. The wedding will take place,
at the home of the - bride's parents in
Berkeley during the coming month. .
Mr. and Mrs. L. Isaacs ; of Stockton de
sire to announce the engagement .of their
daughter^Beckle to M/lvill E. Lubish of
Stockton, Cal. 1 ' . *
The engagement is announced of Miss'
May Simrak, daughter of Mr. and Mrs,
M. Simrak. to Joseph B.v Bilafer.
ENGAGEMENTS.
affairs that are in embryo for
the approaching winter.- Quite ,. a
few weddings have occurred during the
fortnight— and not a. few betrothals;
these are the usual concomitants of the
summer season, and fitly so. Girls never
look so fascinatingly pretty as they do
garbed in- the diaphanous gowns of sum
mer, and the men— well, they, too, look
attractive and, besides, they have suffi
cient leisure in which to make love. Prox
imity, too, is an important factor . in
thes? summer matings. but the fact re
mains that many "happy weddings have
been retarded within the fortnight. Thus
does summer subserve our happiness in
many ways. . ,
•v^oDCIETY is just emerging from
/\"T~"^ its summer gayeties, somewhat
\^V*C\ 'rumpled and' tired, but quite
A) ready, after a few weeks of
>^^ rest, to plunge into the ifVloor
The initial invitation party of Le Bon
hcur Club took place at their hall, at 1S01
Post street, Saturday evening of last
week. The dancing hall was tastefully
decorated in pink and white bunting,
Japanese lanterns and evergreens. The
officers- of the club are George Hyde,
president; AV. Peters, secretary; George
Marks, treasurer. The club plans many
other affairs in the near future.
• • •
California Council. No. 1, Daughters of
Liberty, have engaged Golden Gate Hall
for Monday evening. October 12, at which
time they will give their first social dance
of the season. Much interest is being
manifested and a good time is assured.
The committee has also arranged for a
trolley ride on Saturday evening, Septem
ber 26.
"The Limit" at Larkspur entertained a
number of guests recently. Drives to
Redwood Canyon and McNears Landing
and the tennis tournament made up a
very enjoyable programme. Among the
guests were: Mr. and Mrs. Clarence Linn,
Mr. and Mrs. James Manning, Miss Flor
ence ..Steck,. Miss Helen Carroll, Miss
Ki{ty. Shea, Mr. and Mrs. Burgess Spicer,
Miss Fanny Callnger, K. K. Spotton, Rol
linC. Ayres, Reginald C. Spauldlng of
Chicago, Edward L. Bronson, Arthur R.
Bell, , Charles Lange, J. B. Levensaler,
George E. Dow and Mr. and Mrs. Chris
Bauer.
enjoyed in the numerous sections, which
were well filled. It was unanimously
decided to continue team work, so the
series was auspiciously opened with a
large attendance. At a special meeting of
the directors, called to vote on new mem
bers and arrange teams, it was decided
not to raise the entrance fee, which will
remain as it has been for the past year.
These members who are obliged to come
into this series late will be given the
average score. £
The prize on Monday was won by Mrs.
Frank Weston of Oakland.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 20. •• 1903.
SOCIETY EVENTS
36
• 2TEWMAN & LEVIIJSON.
===== (sHtiujte^^ =
• Kearny. and Sutter Sts/^*'--*^^*i4iiiig!g^^ '
An Important Sale of Faney Silks
75c, $1.00 and $1.25 Qualities at 50c Yard
[First Floor Kearny Street] /.V
A noteworthy offertfig of Fancy Silks will take place to-morrow — It»is our celebrated annual
event and for the occasion we have secured from a leading New York importer several thousand
yards of choice, up-to-date Silks at a surprisingly low price which we now otfer to our patrons — The
assortment is very large and includes the latest Stripes, Checks, Plaids, Figures, Warp Prints,
Brocades. and Flow-r designs— Silks that could not be sold if bought in the regular way for less than
75c, $i.co and $1.25— all offered Monday at the
Special Sale Price of 50c a Yard
: — : : — ¦ . : .
X 1 • 9 T"* 1 * 11 T~"* 1 1 •*"*» * /Third K1oot\
JLadies rashionable rail Suits Uemrnr3t - ;
New and Exceptionally Attractive Styles Arrive
Our Ladies* Suit Department on the third floor is fairly overflowing with suggestions for Fall
wear — Suits that are stylishly made of Zibelines, Meltons and Novelty Mixtures — all fashioned
r»fter the very latest imported models — These four splendid values tor to-morfow :
Ladies' Walking Suits of Pebble Cheviot and Fancy Ladies' Stylish Walking Suits, finely tailored of plain
Mixed Tweeds, made with latest style long jacket; Covert Cloth , made with the new lone coat; entire
7 gored skirt; exceptionally fine value at $16.50 suit with stitched felled seams; extra good va.'ue, $22.50
Ladies' Dress Suits made of mannish suitings in fancy * Ladies' Dress Suits of Fancy mixed Zibelines, lonjj
mixtures of gray and red, jacket has blouse with fancy blouse jacket with cape handsomely trimmed with fancy
cape, piped in broadcloth; trimmed skirt; special braid; latest flare gored skirt; very stylish; special „
$19.50 at - * - $25.00
Ladies' Silk Hose New Drop Ornaments
[Main Aisla Kurny Street] [First Floor K*trny Street}
These are the handsomest Black Silk Hose we All the newest and most attractive styles in
have ever offered at this price — They are Pure Drop Ornaments- so greatly in demand for dress
Thrend Silk of fine quality, made firm to wear and coat trimming are now in and on sale— Here
well, with high spliced heels, double soles and are solid colors, black, white and charming color
toes — the kind usually sold at $2.25 — on special combinations — many extreme novelties — prices
sale Monday at " ranging from
Sale Price $1.50 Pair < 10c to $3.00 Each
Fine Values in Arabian Lace Curtains < s --- r )
Doing double the business in Curtains we did last year — stock twice as large, variety bigger
and better — and our new department is an inviting place — everything thoroughly equipped for
the comfort of our patrons — the5e specials for to-morrow :
Arabian Curtains, for parlor use, exquisite designs in Arabian Curtains with elaboratelv braided borders edge
novelty braid effects, on heavy net, exceptional nn with battenherg braid, plain French net centers; c - nn
value at, per pair „ $O.UU special per pair
Arabian Curtains, with plain Arabian net centers and Arabian Curtain?, finest quality ptain net centers, with
handsome braided borders trimmed with cluny _ n richly braided border in beautiful Colonial effects; '
lace, finest curtains ever offered at, per pair full size and excellent value at, rer pair JO.UU
Embroidered Cushion Tops and Center Pieces
[Second Floor Kearny Street] .
/ \ Offers like these affirm our recognized leadership in Art Needlework.
Handsoms Center Pieces of huckaback, white and colored Fancy Sofa Cushion Covers, exquisitely embroidered by
linen, with work partly begun and all the materials for hand and tinted all ready for use, in the very choicest of
finishing—designs are Poppy, Grape, Pansy, Carnation, Poppy, Holly, Wild Rose, Pansy and Tulip designs-
Sweet Pea and Conventional— to-morrow at these extraor- size 24 inches square. These Cushion Covers cannot be
dinary low prices: duplicated anywhere for less than $7.50 — our special price
$5.00 Center Pieces, on sale at $2.50 for Monday:
f 6.00 Center. Pieces, on sale at $3.00 rr> *^L r> 1 —- t? 1
* 7 .oo Center Pieces, on sale at..... ...J3.50 ' Top With Back $3.75 Each
Final Closing-Out Sale of Bathing Suits T )
\If you have use for a Bathing Suit this opportunity should not be slighted — they are all
perfectly new suits in the correct styles— but lines are broken and must be closed oui at once :
Ladles' Alpaca Bathing Suits, in Mack or navy blue, Ladies' Bathing Suits, made of best quality Alpaca, in
with large sailor collar and braid trimming; were $3 -co ?nd blue or b!ack, entire suit handsomely trimmed with braid;
1375, reduced to $2.50 formerly sold at U-oo, f4-5oandl5-co,now.; $3.50
/") Vi-txr Pall For cuUof-town folks — will be ready for distributing in a few days — if you
wish a copy send us your name and address at once — we mail it free lor
Catalogue > the asking. *
ADVERTISEMENTS.
IS YOUR FACE UNW(W*nLY?
Have you dark shadows on your lips, cheek
chin or person? If you have. B. B. B. English
Caramel Is Just what you want.
It removes and cures this unfortunate blem-
ish.
After one application your face will be as
free from hair as the palm of your hand
B. B. B. EntdiBh Caramel Is indorsed by the
medical profession, and has had twenty years of
successful practice in England and on the Con.
tlnent. It Is, In fact, the only eatlsfaitcry erad-
icator of superfluous hair known 10 science.
Elite Skin Food — Removes all blemishes and
roughness ; makes the complexion -perfect;
keeps the skin clear, soft and smooth.
The Elite Blackhead Eradicator — Permanent-
ly removes blackheads and reduces : the pores
of the skin. '^tW^HtW^Pf^fittWi - .
Elite Face Powder — Chemically pure; a. pre-
ventive of superfluous hair.--
The Elite Face Bleach — For removing 1 - tan
and freckles. . It has no equal.
Prompt attention to mall orders with stamps.
Elite Dermatology Institute,
£38 Market St.. San Francisco.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
YOUNG
LADIES....
ARE WANTED
EVERYWHERE
But gray hair tells the story that
youth has gone, and old age is
NOT wanted anywhere. The
beauty and luxuriance of youthful,
healthy Hair has "been restored to
thousands by
Mrs. Nettie Harrison's
¦%_ Day HaS r
It stimulates the hair roots into
taking up their duty of giving life
and color to the hair. . It is not a
dye. Does not soil hands. >
$i a bottle at all druggists.
One Application Free to All Pur-
chasers at My Pdrlgrs.
Mrs. Nettle Harrison's
LOLA MONTEZ CREME
Makes Facial Beauty :
Possible to the plainest featured
lady. Wrinkles and dry,. faded skin
— all the marks of care', worry and
illness — speedily replaced by a
clear, rosy complexion. - 75c a jar.
Xta«tfl Tbree Month*. AIT DrugrarUts.
ence A Trial Pot -of th« ' Crexne
ri\LU p re e to ladle« a ending this
ad. and 10c in •tamps. Also book of
Instructions and a box. of my Z*ae«
Powder TBES.
Warts, Freckles, Moles, Pimples
and all Facial. Blemishes scientific-
ally treated and • permanently cor-
rected under my personal' super-
vision at' my parlors." \ '
' "W« ' employ no traveling ag-en t ¦.
MRS. NETTIE~ HARRISON
DEEBATOLOaiBT,
HO Geary St., San Francisco.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Sealskin j
Jackets I
$125-0? $175:°? I
$225:°? I
$275:2? $325:9? g
I VERY GREAT VALVES 1
w\
We are selling: more sealskin
jackets this season than ever
before In our history— more, w«»
I sincerely believe, than any other
two stores fn this city. Best
values— very much the best —
that's the reason. Comparison
will quickly and fully prove this
•statement.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
i& Mrs. Tupman, a prominent lady |§|
of Richmond, Va., a great sufferer with
woman's troubles, tells of her cure by
Lydia E* Pinkham's 'Vegetable Compound.
" Deaii Mrs. Pikkham : — For some years I suffered with backache,
sev«?re bearing-down pains, leucorrhoea, and falling of the womb. I
tried man}* remedies, but nothing gave any positive relief.
" I commenced taking Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound
in June, 190L When I had taken the first half bottle, I felt a vast im-
provement, and have now taken ten bottles -with the result that I feel
like a new woman. When I commenced taking the Vegetable Com-
pound I felt all worn out and was fast approaching complete nervous
collapse. I weighed only 98 pounds. Now I weigh 109i poundi. and
r.:n improving every day. I gladly testify to the benefits received." —
K. C. TuraxAX, 423 West 30th St., Richmond, Va.
Whci a medicine has been successful in more than a million
cases, is it justice to yourself to say, without trying- it, "I do not
believe it would help me " ?
Surely you cannot wish to remain weak and sick and discour-
aged, exhausted with each day's work. You have some derange-
ment of the feminine organism, and Lydia E. Pinkham's Vege-
table Compound will help you just as surely as it has others.
Mrs. W. H. Pelham, Jr., 108 E. Baker St., Richmond, Va., says :
" Deah Mrs. Pixkham :— I must say that I do not believe there is ai
female medicine to compare with Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
.g^ntt^^ pound, and I return to you my heartfelt thanks fci
i^^lSfisis^ ""'hat your medicine has done for me. Bcfi.rf
Jy^X^Jxtsa taki ng the Vegetable Compound 1 was so badly
/$L^4SSg8$P& olY that J thought I could not live mud;
*\ /V-7 longer. Tne little work I had to do war. a
0*%£|~ 1jUrden to mc - I suffered with irregula?
'^w^ !i§il& menstruation and leucorrhcca, which coumm
[&|8P c~> «j§3f* an irritation of the parts. I looked lii:c
r&L °. ne <vv^ 10 k^ consumption, but I do not lot 1.
twSggsn *-- Jtr^ e *k a £ now, and I owe it all to your wonder-
f&lilpTfy-^^^dS ful medicine.
«M^|i^^MjL "I took only six bottles, but it has made
M^f^ 1^^^^^^^^ nie feel like a new person. I than!;
y7/Y/^f/^t^^^^^^^^^God.tha.ttheTe is such a- female helpei
*/i t/ ? i '^^n\vV Be it, therefore, believed by all
women who are ill that Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound
is (lie medicine they should take. It has stood the test of time,
aud it iia.s hundreds of thousands of cures to its credit. Women
hiioulfi consider it unwise to use any other medicine.
Mrs. I'inkliam, whose address is Lynn, Mass., will answer cheer-
fully and without cost all letters addressed to her by sick women.
Perhaps she has just the knowledge that will help your case —
try her to-day — it costs nothing-.
0 C ft ft t\ r O R FE|T it « cannot forlh-rith produce the origtca.1 letters and 6lffnatu'-ea of
\tfI"*»5 &^--ve lesuiaoaials, \rhich xrtll prore their absolute penuintnes'.
t » il ». v • r - LydU E. rinlihaT-. 'Tprtlrln* Co.. T.ynn. X*»-
ADVERTISEMENTS.
/fjr/nn£if.yzz^vfy\^^^'0i^Sm I
AXPf&taay sjux \W$ Jj+Mtigai
s,YAzz so* wr-vraif^^Py
STAArsosr rirtsgggx- ca& oa
DRJUWILLIAM>S
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
And all other facial blemishes are removed by
DR. and . MRS. A. . W. TRAVERSE. Donohue
building. 1170 Market street, cor. Taylor, rooms
28-29. with the electric needle without pain er
scar; permanency guaranteed; .hours 1 to -I p.m.The t.ir!c LevI G. Burgess arrived yesterday,
12 day» from Chignek Kay. She brought 50.37'J
caots of salmcn. ¦ Thc bark B. P. Cheney,
which arrived late Friday nlsht. 17 days from
Isakuck, brought v0,4S0 cues of salicco.
Salmon Boats Arrive.
II. VT. Itoblr.son. of nuseell & Robinson, has
returned Ircni a rucnth's visit to his old home
in Kentucky.
The regular Eb*ll reception next Tuesday
trill be In oharge of the Shakespearean section,
of winch Mrs. J. II. S»upham is curator. An
attractive programme has been arranged the
principal feature cf which will be the reading
by Mrs. W. P. ¦ Buckingham of San Francisco
of selections from "A Winter's Tale." She
will 6:>r*sr in cottume. Mrs. Buckingham is
a member of the Papyrus and other prominent
cJuts ct bia Francisco. Miss Wllhelrolna
Krwnig will ring cue of Schuman'a songs with
violin obllcato by J.:rr. E. N. Ewer. Miss
X'anline Collins wHJ accompany her.
• • •
Mrs. Dow pave unother luncheon the Friday
prcctnilnG to a. club of which ehe Is a member.
Covers were Jaid for twelv« and the decora
tions, which were unusually pretty, were in
red. The name cards were hearts, -on the re
verse die belne printed, "Eat. drink and be
merry," but with the letters all mixed up.
The f.rst one to decipher the ecntence correctly
received a -prize, which was won by Mis
Charles Dcxvney
Mrs. E. L. Dow was the hostess at a pretty
lur-cheon Jaet Thursday, given In honor of tfce
Kcver.ty-flfth birthday anniversary of her
mother, Mrs. S. A. Lawrence. Covers wens
laid for six. tho Kuest3 being only the most
intimate Irlen<is of the venerable lady in whose
honor the ailair was given. Mrs. Lawrence
1b the mother of Mrs. 10. L. Dow and of the
well knowa singer, Dan Lawrence of San
l'ranclsco. She has lenjy been a prominent
rr.embtr of the Young Women's Christian
Temperance Union of this city.
A pretty feature cf the luncheon, with which
the elderly t-j»-cts — there were none under 70 —
were delighted, was the birthday cake, bear
ing seven violet and flva whito candles. Tha
t£.b!e decorations were in violet.
• • •
Mrs. Eby wore a handsome gown cf pale
gray moire and Mrs. Brown was towned in
the rich white satin In which she became a
bride last February.
OAKLAND, Sfpt. 19. — The Eby-Brotm re
ceptlou to-day was a particularly brilliant
a.Tair. the artistic home of the Ebys on Perry
street forming a pleasing background for the
panorama, cf beautiful v.-omen beautifully
C^wned. In the lon^ drawlnK-room where
Mrs. Eby and her daughter, Mrs. David E.
Iirown, received, the rich green of the furnish
ings was brightened by an occasional dash of
red. Great baskets of ferns filled out nooks
•J:d corners ar.d In the music room a hu£f
bov.-lful of violet esters was the enly touch
ot color. The wide vcrauda across the front
cf the house wts ir.ade most inviting with
rups and cushioned eeats.
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
Says Husband Is Cruel.
OAKLAND, Sept. 19.— Maria Freitas to
day began suit for divorce against John
Freitas on the ground of extreme cruelty.
They live at San Ix:ati£ro,
Coal Frcri Australia.
¦ Tho British chip r jn Iredale arrived yester
day. 77 dnys from N-wcastle. Australia. She
brourht 8010 tons or coal.
There was a large amount of money in
the treasuries cf both defendants and
this had been practically tied up by tho
suit- The representatives of the plaintiff
expressed their satisfaction with the
terms of the settlement.
Page. McCutchen. Harding & Knight
acted as counsel for the plaintiff. W. H.
Hutton and J. G. Waymire represented
the defendants.
Mr. Hutton declined to state the terms
of the compromise. One of the averments
of the complaint was that the Firemen's
Union had entered into a written con
tract with the Pacific Coast Steamship
Company with relation to wages, hours
of labor and other matters connected
with their employment. The concluding
clause cf the agreement is aa follows:
It is further agreed that either party to
this az^ement who shall without consent of
the oth»r party disturb the existing labor con
ditions Khali be deemed to have violated this
A reminiscence of the water front labor
strike of two years ago was revived yes
terday in the United States Circuit Court,
when that tribunal dismissed the suit
brought by the Pacific Coast Steamship
Company against the Pacific Coast Ma
rine Flrcmea's Union and officers and
members of the Sailors' Union of the Ta
clfie. The suit was brought on August
21. 1501. to recover treble $25,000 damages
for breach of written contract and for a
permanent Injunction restraining the de
fendants from striking and boycotting.
The case came up several times In court,
but was continued pending negotiations
for settlement. The following Is a copy
of the order of court:
The matters in controversy in this action
havlne been compromised and 6ettled by the
parties thereto, this action is hereby dis
missed, each of the parties to pay his own
costs, and. the clerk of the court is hereby au
thorized and directed to enter such dismissal
of record.
Th« thirty-one F.Iir'.r.o carpenters who came
from the Orient ca the transport Sherman and
«.hofc cifstinaticn ie St. Lc-uis have been re-
JU5P.I a l.ir;dir.£ by t-<? Immigration cfflclals.
Ti.ey hsvfl r../ meaty, tpeak nothing but their
own iaripuage. anJ as the demand Sn California
for Fil'.jAna 3:ut construction is l'.pbt they ere
considered zs iikely subjects to become public
rluusea if turned lock's in tin FVancisco. The
ni' "Ti v.'c?"^ fc**iit li^r*? &t t h*? x*f*<"?ucst o? th€ oom—
niis*l":i< rs for the St. Lou'.s Fair. - The exposi.
tion people i:ave a?.de no arrangements to care
for ihcir charges, lic-vever, ar.'l, unless some
thing {* den* in this Giroc'.ion by October 1. the
thirty -cne Filipino haj i-uiMcra will be returned
to their native laa<l.
Filipino Carpenters Detained.
Action Against Marine
Firemen and Sailors
Dropped.
Dr. E. R. -Sill was immediately sum
moned, but the woman was beyond all
medical aid and passed away shortly
after midnight. The Inquest will be held
this evening and the funeral will take
place to-morrow afternoon.
The woman, who was a native of Switz
erland, had been 111 -for some time. Her
constant suffering 1 caused her to become
exceedingly melancholy.
Late yesterday afternoon she locked
herself in the bathroom of her home at
1317 Sixteenth avenue and drank the fatal
dose. Her husband, returning from his
office, failed to find her wjien he reached
the house. Hearing groans coming from
tho bathroom, he forced the locked do'or
and found his wife lying on the floor In
an unconscious condition.
OAKLAND, Sept. 19.— Mrs. Aline Alden,
aged 44 years, wife of Albert Alden, a real
estate dealer at 406 Tenth street, took a
dose of carbolic acid during a despondent
fit yesterday afternoon, and as a result
died early this morning.
Mrs. Aline Alden, Heal Estate Man's
Wife, Swallows Carbolic Acid
While Despondent.
SICKNESS CAUSES WOMAN
TO TAKE HER OWN LIFE
LABOR STRIKE
SUIT SETTLED
There is no mystery about the case as
it is presented by those who have been
the companions of the young dentist. He
had been drinking heavily for a long time
before his friends decided to take him.
away and had been on the verge of d»
lirium tremens for days.
Frank Britton and Ed Troy, friends of
Dlmmlck, declare that he was 'insane;
that Dr. Herrick advised his retirement
to the country, and that Troy and Brit
ton, with Leonard Campbell, arranged tha
outing for Mrs. Dimmick.
Dr. Joseph Dimmick, the father, is not
willing to accept the claims of wifehood
made by the woman who says she Is Mrs.
Kdwln Dlmmlck. The father says he
knows her only as Stella Walker, and de
clares that his son was not married to
her.
Coroner Curry of Contra Costa County
will hold an inquest In the case Monday
at Martinez.
Alcoholism as the primary cause and
the Intense strain caused by his delirious
excitement as the contributing cause ap
pears to be the explanation for Dr. Ed
win F. H. Dimmlck's death In Moraga
Valley yesterday. That the young man
was much debilitated and weakened men
tally and physically Irom drugs and
liquor before he went on the expedition
in search of health is a fact well known
to his associates in Oakland. The au
topsy surgeons at Martinez have reached
the conclusion that these conditions pro
duced death.
Dimmlck'a body was sent to Oakland.
Arrangements have been made for the fu
neral to take place Monday under charge
of Court Oakland No. -46, Order of For
esters.
There is a clash between Mrs. Dim
mick and Dr. Joseph Dlmmlck over the
funeral arrangements, but the woman
who asserts her claim* to wifehood insists
that she will have the last rites solemn
ized at the residence, 1061 Willow street,
where she and Dlmmlck had recently
lived. Dr. Dimmick Is equally positive
that if the funeral shall be held from,
that Dlace neither the mother nor the
father will attend.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Sept. 19.
Father Refuses to Recognize
Woman's 01aim3 to
Wifehood.
Dimmick'3 Death Is Laid
to Liquor and to His
Use of Drugs.
DOCTORS THINK
DRINK IS CAUSE
THE SAN FRAN CISCO CAI/L, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 20, 1903.
37
AMUSEMENTS.
pAblFORNTAl
V/|..TO-NICHT..!n
FIRST TIME HERE.
Isadora Witmark's Comedy Opera
The I 3t r "* I
4
Chaperons*..
Original New York Production In
Its Entirety.
50- Singing People— 50
Prize Beauty Chorus.
Beautiful Show Girls In Stunning
Parisian Gowns !
Unsurpassed Male Chorus and a
Great All Star Cast.
Augmented Orchestra.
,Kja Next — Hoyfs "A TEXAS ' fsism
'ail * STEER -" | flLf
18HE.ATR1I
Market Street, Near Eighth. Phone South 533.
MATINEE TO-DAY— TO-NIGHT LAST
TIME OF THE
TREMENDOUS SPECTACULAR SUCCESS,
THE CHERRY PICKERS.
MONDAY NIGHT— ALL NEXT WEEK.
SATURDAY AND SUNDAY MATINEES.
Boucicault's Famous Sensational Melodrama.-
/\F"T R D/\KK.
DDTrCC EVENINGS 10c to 50c
rKllba MATINEES 10c, 15c. 25c
MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 23.
Opening Special Engagement cf
L,. R STOCK.\A/EI-I-
In Chas. A. Hoyfs Comedy.
"f\ TEMPERANCE TO\A/N"
High-Glass Specialties Every Afternoon and
Evening Injhe Theater.
JOHN LB CLAIR; LEWIS AND LEWIS-
HENRY CLIVE; ANDERSON AND WAL-
LACE; REESE BROTHERS: MAY LAM-
SON, AND NEW MOVING PICTURES.
Visit the MYSTIC MIRROR MAZE.
LION SLAYING BABOON
IN THE ZOO!
ADMISSION, 10c; CHILDREN, 5c
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENTS.
GOLDEN GATE HALL
623 SUTTER ST.
" TO-NIGHT AT 8 O'CLOCK.
MR. C. W. LEADBEATER
of London,
Occultist and Theosophist,
Will lectur* upon "LIFE AFTER DEATH."
ADMISSION 25 CENTS.
f^fHSl I1MQI A m FRANCISCO'S
V W 9a U i¥iSl M LEADING THEAiflf
TWO WEEKS— BEGIXNINO
XO-A\ORRO\A/
Every Night, Including Sunday. /
Matinees Wednesday and Saturday.
"The music is positively charming." — Xew
York Herald.
HENRY W. SAVAGE Announces
THE TRIUMPHANT
MUSICAL COMEDY SUCCESS,
PRINCE
OF
PILSEN
By Pixley & Luders. Authors of "King Dodo."
TBS METROPOLITAN CAST IN3LUCE3 :
JES3 DANDT, TRIXIE FRIGANZA,
ARTHUR DONALD- RUTH PEEBLES
SON, ELMIRA FORREST,
WALTER CLIFFORD. I DALE NE COTTON,
NICK LONG, ADA ST. ALBANS,
HENRY TAYLOR,
A Stunning Array of Gorgeous Gowns.
GREAT SONG HITS:
"Heidelberg." "Message of the Violet,"
"The Song of the Cities," ••The Tale of the
Seasheil." "It Is the Dutch," "Pictures in
the Smoke," etc.
TIVQUffigg.':
(NOTE— Performances begin at 8 o'clock
sharp, Saturday Matinee at 2 sharp.)
TO-NIGHT — Laat performance of "LA SON-
NAMBULA."
Monday, Wednesday, Friday and Saturday
Niehts, Bizet's Ever Popular
"CARMEN."
Ths opera which music lovers never miss.
Tuesday, Thursday and Sunday Nights, Sat-
urday Matinee,
Verdi's Lyric Version of Catmlle,
"LA TRAVIATA."
TINA DE SPADA, AGOSTIN'I, GREGOR-
ETTI, TRAVAGLINI.
PRICES AS USUAL— 2oc, 50c, 75c.
Telephone Bush 0.
We Have Had Nothing: but "Hits "
But tho Present Double Bill Excels Them All in
Every Way.
"The Glad Hand"
"The Con-curers"
Our "All Star" Cast. Including-
KOLB AND DILL.
BARNEY BERNARD,
WINFIELD BLAKE.
HARRY HERMSEN,
MAUDE AMBER. •
ELEANOR JENKINS.
RESERVED SEATS— Nights. 25c, BOc and
75c: Saturday and Sunday Matinees, 25c and
SOc; Children at Matinees. 25c and SOc
. Watch for "THE PARADERS. 1 '
LECTURES ANi> CONCERTS.
-g-jJEre^, STEHTWAT HAIL,
TUSCAN
MINERAL SPRINGS,
Located nine miles northeast of lied Bluff, on
the line cf the Southern Pacific Hallway.
Cases cf RHEUMATISM. GOUT AND ALL
BLOOD DISEASES WILL BE ACCEPTED
VXDEIt A GUARANTEE THAT THEY WILL
BE CURED WITHIN' A FI'Ef'IFIED TIME
OR ALL EXPENSES. INCLUDING ItAIL-
Vv'AT FARE. WILL. BE KEFUNDED.
Then* wonderful ejririg's can be reached fcy
the Southern Pacific Ccm^any's eystem of rail-
ways and its connections throughout the United
States.
For R«duce4 Round Trli> Tickets apply to
ar.y Southern Pacific Railroad Asrent.
F"or guarantee or rcfTonce to cures effected,
niima Medical Department, Tuscan Mineral
Kprir.gs Corp., Tuscan, Ca!.
Ideal weather
ZS TEE EXPRESSION Or
rvrsY on AXiOira tee
California Northwestern R'y
The Picturesque Route of Calif ornia.
Ticket Offices of the Company. CM ITsrket
rtre«t <Caronicle Eulld'.nj). and T.buron Ferry,
foot of Market street. General Offices. Mu-
tual Life Building, corner of Sansczas ani Cal-
lrornla streets, Ew Frandcco.
H. C. V.TIITINO. It. X. RTAX.
Gcn'l. ilanecer- C«n'l. Pas3'r. Ascnt.
DEER
HUNTING.
If you want to tret a Ceer, go to Willlu.
«>top at th« Wil!ita HotcL Slendoclnn County
in t>ti>i l:untics rround In the &ta.u near ta
Fan Francisco. Deer ecason open until Sep-
T^ubor W^L WCIUAND. Prop.
ACUA CALIEMTE SPRINGS
OVKN ALL fCAIt KOUND. Natural hot
rulchur tj-rlncE, lensperatur* 115 fit-crees. Na
• ttt'tce. Fare |1 lu. i-ure cure for rheuma-
tism, asthma, kidney and Uver troubles. Tub
».i.d hot plutzeo Laths. The largest mSiieral
Ukur tw:mmlns tank la the State. Compe-
tent iP&y and fc-entienien roAkseurs, sirimcjln^
ti-h^.-. Sixrcial rates from now on. Pecks.
Jl Montgomery it. TIIEODOP. KICllARDa,
/;-.a Caliente. Scnoma Co.
YICHY SPRINGS.
S «=!>• fror.i Ckiah. ilenaodsa Co. Natural
eltctrlc waters, cliampagn* t*ths. Only plac«
:r tlie *orld of Hil» ciaas. FUtln*. huntlns.
C"r»-rt*l AcconiiTiodation*: table 3r»t-
cu'm-. A. REDEMEVKK & CO.. ITops.
sS88£&,JB MENANDWOMElt.
gg& ui/.M«T^ irrit»ticos or ulceratlon.
P«fe* ui «» «ri«i«'» Kit tnncom nemwiSM,
h*-*t! .-r.,»-u Cm*mW i't:n>»*. and r.'.t »*trln
ti. 00 or S bottles *2.73.
LEADING BUSINESS COLLEGE OF TH»
WEST. 24 Poet at.. Ban Francisco. Cal.
Established 40 years. Open enttrs year.
Write for Illustrated catalogue (free).
A POLYTECHNIC
A]\ Business College and
5^. l AjJ < «* Echool of Engineer-
m~Z££*$QUPt?*X 1 lD f- O»Wand, Cai.
f^^7fJviJ>iTg*e{4 Largent and belt
j&k^J.'Stg^fefilT. equipped echool of
SkUSC' -WvSJ^^pSl I tocsins* shorthand
"gvv. #nSrXt l *'B*TK an<1 engineering went
of Chicago. Perfect
Miniate, expenses low.
page -catalogue.
ST. JOSEPH'S ACADEMY,
PERALTA PARK, BERKELEY."
Boardlns and day school for boys under 13 yean
of age. Studies commence MONDAY. August a.
1B03. Ecnd for prospectus to Bro. Genebran.
St. Mary's College,
OAKLAND, CAL
Etudle* will be resumed MONDAY. Aucuit 3.
1003. BRO. ZENONIAN. President.
laiaww gee the bcautiful
j . COURT Lounging
flfifl room, the EMPIRE
U11U PARLOR, »the
n <k PALM ROOM, the
llTfl flfl LOUIS XV PAR.
ui uim LOR^ and thc LA
U A i A t rt DIES* WRITING
Hotels J room.
SPECIALTIES
Advertised by Responsible Ffrras of S. F.
ou^^L- WEEKLY CALL
p tiTely and Quicklj
. cuwt ho paw 16 PAGES,
1 HO BUTTERIHU.
i!» flint, ». i. §\ UBI — lCClii
AMUSEMENTS.
• o
J Week Commencing THIS AFTER- •
• NOuN, Sept. 20. g
iAVaudeviSSei
I Triumph! |
l^mKnNFsEfflONri
® Premier Musical Comedians. ©
Q "Sonzs and* Sayings." Q
I TarloIndIldoT I
q. Wonderful Horizontal Bar Performers. £
I M^OODandRAY^d I
® In "A Funny Bunch of Nonsense." ©
2 Last Week and Tremendous Succe^p of 5
S FREDERIC BOND & CO., I
O Presenting Their New Burletta, O
O "REHEARSING A TRAGEDY." Q
| '" arnesen; 1
jj The Incomparable Gymnast. **
• jAMSRlCHMONDOLENi^
q "The Man With the Green Gloves." •
I I
O The East India Prima Donna Soprano Q
Q In New X
® The Sensation of the City: ©
9 E. ROUSBY'S Spectacular Novelty. ©
| "IN PARIS," •
9 An Electrical Review in Four Tab- Q
Q leaux. q
5 Parquet, any seat. 25c: balcony, 10c; 2
JJ children, any part except reserved, 10c. •
9 A few front orchestra rows, reserved. 9
Q SOc: front rows of balcony, resen-ed, ©
ALCAZAR THEATE «
Belasco & Mayer. Proprletora.. Phone Alcazar
, E. D. PKICE. General Manager. -
TO-NIGHT— LAST APPEARANCE.
/Yilss oberts
In Her Magnificent -Production of
AtAGDA
To-morrow Nlsht.
FLOEENCE EOBZET3
In Anthony Hope's Delightful Romance,
THE AuVENTURIS OP LADY DRSDLA
Presented Monday, Tuesday.- Wednesday Sat-
urday and Sunday Nights— Saturday
\ Matinee.
Thursday Matinee, Thursday and Friday Nights
D'ANNUNZIO'S GIOCONDA.
THE ART SENSATION.
Evenings, 25c to 75c: Saturday Mat, 15c to 50c
Gioconda Matinee — Night Prices.
Sept. 2S — MISS ROBERTS In "ZAZA."
£v*" *<><C^3gg«Eaei u i^'utt 1 iW/^y
' ADVERTISEMENTS.
1 Announcement Extraordinary |
| Great Suit Sale J
I 5000 Newest Fall and Winter Styles "|
I At Prices Lower Than Anywhere §
i %i^-\ Beginning to-morrow we shall place on sale 8
8 ¦¦ vji v u 5000 entirel y new » exquisite styles, Tailor Suits. §
®- \^^»^' They are made well, carefully finished and O
8 : -gff\ >^T^'' made to fit. They comprise the most fashionable §
# v X JSPhS ")i weav^s, such as Zibeline, Camel's Hair, Fancy 8
« \Md&\' : ' ,A Tweeds » Blind Cheviots, Broadcloth and Novelty 8
§ I /(ft ixtures - Manufacturing in large quantities g
I J : 1^v\ Competition Impossible |
<* &L? S \ X \ :¦* The price cf thrse<t>-Iish, w 11 made. p*rfectfi tlnz f> '
§m'V\.\\\ Sults wiil b: $'2.50. 514, $15, $17.50 anJ $20 g
V^LL-* 3 High Novelty Tail:r Dresses; t^e rerfiction of 8|
/Sfj^^ high-das i tailoring at $27.50, $35 and $45
| : fcilk New Style Coats ;; |
§ 4Baffi4 :^$£B$^< Ne w style Silk Monte Carles at $10, $12.50 rnd $15 §
9 Novelty Silk Coits at $
X SI7 50. $20, $22.50 and $25 §
g * New style Box Coats *t %
g $10 $12.50 and $14 S
I Furs, Furs §
§ Electric Se3l Capes at $10, $12.50 $15.00, $17.50 and $20 P
O Choice Quality at Lowest Market Prices
O Fur Jackets, Near Seal, at $25.00, $27.50. $35 and $50 8
§ Misses' and Children's newest style Autumn Coats $3.50 to $20 §
g 4:0 New style Skirts at $2.50, $3.50 and $5 g
g 1230, 1232 and 1234 Market St., Near Jones St. |
THE CALL'S
GREAT ATLAS OFFER
Will dose on September 24,
1903, and all holders of Atlas
Coupons are requested to pre-
cent t— ca immediately, as this
great opportunity to secure oat
cf these splendid Atlases at Tho
Call's preaiium rates will b«
brought to a close on Septem-
ber 24.
- ¦• ADVERTISEMENTS.
wummiiimiummmTiiirriuiitiiiiuumMimmu^
I j^^^^^^^k ALL KilLUKl/3 DKUi\oN I
I j^^^^^^^^^^ ¦ CHAMPAGNE \
I u? toAue.31, 1903, making theVeakst !
I pumber of Qses of any on * inni of I
j This places HOET & CHANDON af thc" HEAD I
| of the 01 *^ 011 List ' m the UNITED |
•¦ l^X^^n^l^^CT^l^P^M'^ta § V)S& O * S Carrel Yore Vine»i-4 ttin a Ok otter knia* Cte-Tpj^n* sh-r?« cee^nei. \
9 } % t/r^T r%fUr1 §G& §QO Z\ . "
j I .(WILLIAM WOLFF & CO.-/... Pacific Coast Agents . . . SAN FRANCISCO. 3
AMUSE3IENTS.
aharles Frohman's Everyman Company
THIS WEEK
MONDAY AND TUESDAY. STANFORD
UNIVERSITY.
WEDNESDAY. PAN JOSE (VICTORY).
THURSDAY AND FTtlDAY. OAKLAND
(MACDONOUGH).
SATURDAY AFTERNOON, UNIVERSI-
TY OF CALIFORNIA IX "TWELFTH
NIGHT."
SATURDAY NIGHT, "EVERTMAX" AT
THE ALHAMBRA THEATER. CITY.
Under the AusDices of the Leagtio ol th«
Cress Cadets.
EXTRA! EXTRA!!
Ljrlc Hall. Manda} vA huh] lights.
September 23ti and 23 ti, at 8:15.
SPECL\L STUDENT MATINEE TUE3-
DAY. SEPT. 20th. AT 3:13.
SHAKESPEARE'S
TWELFTH NIGHT
Will be presented In the Elizabethan
manner by the "Everyman" company ca a
stai?e «r>eclally built for the purpos».
Reserved Seats, SI 50. SI, at bhersiaa.
Clay & Co.'«.
Sale of Seats Next Wednesday, 9 a. m.
Student rates on application.
Coming — Aurasta Cottlo^r. Pianl»t».
MATINEE TO-DAY.
Every lady and child preserited wita a souy»-
nlr picture of Merle Pollard.
LAST WEEK
POLLARD L1LLIPUTL4N OPERA CO.
THIS AFTERNOON— TO-NIGHT
TO-MORROW NIGHT
The Famous Comic Opera,
RAUL JONES
Tuesday and Wednesday Nights, DOROTHY:
Thursday and Friday Nights and Saturday
Matinee. H. M. 3. PINAFORE: Saturday
Night. THE BELLE OF NEW YOPwK.
Next Sunday Matinee, James Neill la "A
Gentleman of France."
PRICES — Evenings. 13c. 23c. BOc, 73c
Matinees. 15c. 25c. 50c.
SYMPHONY CONCERTS.
SAN FRANCISCO SYMPHONY SOCIETY.
FRITZ SCHEEL, Director.
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
Tuesdays, Sept. 22, 8ept. 29. Oct 6.
Concert Tuesday. Sept. 22, Includes
RICHARD STRAUSS* SERENADE. HAYDN'S
FIFTH SYMPHONY. BEETHOVEN'S CORI-
OLANUS OVERTURE.
HERR OTTO SPAMER, Violin SoloUt,
First Appearance. ¦
SEATS ON SALE AT SHERMAN & CLA^S.
PRICES— SOc. $1 00. SI 25. $1 50.
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENTS.
EXOTTRSIOlSr
TO
On steamer ZINFANDEL. Will leav» Wasb-
inston-street wharf at 1> a. m.. SUNDAY. S«pt.
20. ir>€J. Paaaecsera will have ample time
to get dinner at Napa. Round trip. SOc "Will
visit Mare Island and points or Interest. Ooo4
music and dancing. Com* early.OAKLAND. Sept. 19.— In accordance
with the authorization of the Postoffice
Department, increasing the local force by
five men. the following substitute mall
currlers have b«en appointed by Post
saestcr Dareie: Louis H. Cohen, ltlcb
ar<3 Felge Jr., Manuel J. King. William
O. Goodwin and Edward D. White.
Hew Letter Carriers Appointed.
"Gold thimbles." said the Jeweler, "are
rarely to be seen nowadays. Time was
when every young woman had one. They
were a regulation birthday or Christmas
present. But the young American girl of
to-day would be disgusted with the gift
of a gold thimble. She would much rather
have one of those long, red .automobiles
or e good saddle horse. The word thimble
In the past was thumble. It was worn,
you know, on the thumb." — Philadelphia
pDnnW
OAKLAND, Sept. 19.— The following
marriage licenses were ". Issued by the
County . Clerk to-day:' Charles E. Pesoll.
31, and Lucy H. Bates, .26, both' of Ala
meda; Jamca Russell. 38, Oakland, and
Catherine Raber, 31, San Francisco ; Joa-
Quin 8anto8, 2S, and Ellen Rosa. 2V both
of San Leandro : Thomas E. ,; McKee, 28,
San Francisco, and Daisy L. Severy,- 25,
Berkeley.
Marriage Licenses.
OAKLAND. Sept. 19.-0wlng to Mi
ners Judge Melvln waa unable to take up
the hearing of the ease of Dalton against
the County Auditor to-day. Dalton Is su
ing the county for about $SW0 back sal
ary, which County Auditor Bacon has
ttfthheld. alleging that he la more than
this indebted to the county. The case
went over until October 8.
Dalton's Case Goes Over.
OAKLAND, Sept. 19.— A complaint has
been swera to charging You Lee of shoot
ins Vincent O'Ccnnor of Golden Gate in
vl)« its with a email rifle. Lte is in the
County Jail- It la alioged O'Connor, with
: < rr>" other boys. «u In some vegetable
tat dons ar;d that the shooting occurred
while Ltc was engaged in chasing them
away.
Says Chinese Shot Him.
OAKLAND, Sept. 19.— The condition of
C. L. Crellin of the Ruby. Hill vineyard,
who is critically 111 from pneumonia, was
such at 1 o'clock this as to
cause utmost alarm. The patient revived
later and gave, the attending physicians,
Drs. Cope, Taylor, Robertson and Thorn,
a chance for hope.
C. L. Crellin Very Ihjw.
Savs Wife Is Insane.
OAKLAND, Sept. 19.— Mrs, Mary Han
sen of. .1616. Twenty-third avenue, , Fruit
vale, was confined In the Insane ward of
the Receiving Hospital this afternoon on
the complaint of her husband, who claims
his* wife has become tho victim of buI
cldal.mania. He says that he just pre
vented her stabbing herself with a large
butcher knife and a little later found her
eating the sulphur off a large quantity of
matches. She is 49 years of age;
OAKLAND. Sept. 19.— The Southern Pa
cilic Company lias filed a notice of appeal
from the decision of the Jury which re
rcntly awarded Gertrude Johnron a ver
dict of $11,000 damages against the cor
poration. V;; ;
Eailroad Will Appeal Case.
Regarding the renewed rumors that a
British fleet Is eolng to Turkish waters,
.the press Is officially Informed that as
Balkan matters have been left In the
bands of Russia and Austria such action
Is not contemplated by Great Britain or,
as far as known, by any other power.
In the meantime the powers are dally ex .
changing communications with the view
of determlnlnK on some possible menus
of restoring order In European Turkey.
IX>ND0X, Sept. 19.— War between Bul
garia and Turkey Is not now regarded as
Imminent by the Foreign Office or other
diplomatic centers In London. It Is said
that under no circumstances will the pow
ers permit Turkey to occupy Bulgarian
territory, hence Turkey has nothing to
gain by hostilities.
PLIGHT OF THE PORTE.
Will Not Profit by the Conquering of
Bulgaria.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
(contractor*). archlt»ct« «am-— Steam heating
work for same on same; $2150.
Roman Catholic Archbishop (owners) with
Jaines P. Burke architect D. C,
Coreman— Alterations and additions to building
te n en?h. 1 8 n !2n O f4?y a^r25f t & 75 *
Simon Claryburgh (owner* -with Western Iron
vlSI -^ qontrmctcrs> - «rehltects EalSeld & Kohl
o^**— <-«« and wrought iron work for a three
etory and basement building en 3 l.'ne of Geary
fj-iv ;'•,.« :C w °* °rant avenue. W 22 by S
iwj; 5Zlt>0.
Lewln A Co. (owner*) with Thomas n. FJas
sett (contractor), architect E. J. 8. CahIM—
Carpenter, atalr 2nd Iron work etc for *
two-story and basement brick building on .VW
line of Msrk;t street, 250 SW of City Hall
square. SW HO by NW 20O; $OCCO.
J. H. fttein (owner) with Ira W. Coburn
(contractor), architect* Rousseau & Son — All
w.-wk fcr a three-story and basement frain<»
bulMlnjc (flats) en J? ltTie of Ellis street. 87:8
E of Steiner. E 25 by N 112:6, Western Ad.il
tlcn SCO; $74C0.
Same cwner with saras contractor. arpftUwt
same — All work for kiso style of butlJintr on
E line of Stelner street. 112:4 >J of Ellla. M 25
by E 1S";«. V\«-'era Addit'on nep; J774O.
Michele Calcntu^o (owner) with A. N. Nelson
(contractor and architect) — Carpenter ivorlc for
a two-story frame building on S line of Knlon
street, 23T» E of Dupont. E 20 by S 60; $1200.
Suspected Thief in tho Toils.
James Eustls. a young man. wa.i arrested
last night by Detective Coleman on nuspiclon
of being: one of the men who robbed John
Joe. the gypsy, of I-KCO a few days ago.
Eustls denies his gultt. although ha admits
that h« Is one of th« men who were in th*
vicinity of the camp when the robbery «c
enrred. . J£5>* ' ,"-U^
SATURDAY. SEPTEMBER 19.
Thomas H. and Sarah D. O'Connor to Paul
T Gocdioe lot on E line of Webster street, 1
100 S of Union. S €9 by E 137:6, quitclaim
deed; MO.
• Paul T. and Nellie S. Goodlo* to Ellse A.
Drexler. r.ame;-$10. .'- _ •
John de Vaull to Sidney V. Smith, lot on
NE comer of Post and Fillmore atreets, N 50
b> Ha'nAa.': Llebes to Edgar F. Preston tot on
N llnf of Uroadway. 127:0 W of FlUmoMi
street. W 37:6 by N. 137 :Cr $10.
James J. ami Johanna Manseau to James
C and Vairaret J Bourbln, lot on 8 line of
Eddy i !tr,e\. r 87V<) E of Scott. E 50 by S 82:6;
'Vohn D. and L'-llie C. Spreckels to Ella T.
Chalmers (wife of W. P.). lot on N line of
Page street. l>0:?. W of Central avenue. W 21
fcv N 01 •('¦• $10.
'Thomas F. Murray to Catherine Murray, lot
on N line of Broadway. 43 W of Montgomery
street, W 6S:9 by N 137:0; gift. -
Frederick H and Mary F. Houston and
T-ouia and Jennie Frledlajider to Mary A.
Crtchton (wife of Peter), lot on- W line of
Lcave&worth street, 70 N of Washington, N
(!7:0 by W. 137:«:.$1Q.
Mary A. and Peter Crlchton to August and
Marie E Schaeffer, sama; $10.
Bllsford P. and Gertrude G: Flint to Ed
ward C Sandes : lot on BW corner of Sacra
mento and Hyde streets, \V 01:6 by S 25; $10.
¦ Ferdinand Krosa to Catherine Kroea, undi
vidodii-of lot on E line of San Bruno ave
nue 23:4 3 of Twenty-second street, S 33:4
by E 100; gift. .
San Francisco Land Company to Agnes T.
Thorno lot onWllne of Sixth avenue, 208:8
N of street. N 26 by W 120; $1.
Emma and - AU'honzo Harrington to Adolph
and TVllhe'.minc Deetz. lot on W line Eighth
avenue. 150 8 of H street. S 23 by "W 120; f 10
Estate of Eliaa Jacob (by S. Mitchell and
Albert Meyer, executors) to Cora R. Sleben,
lot on W line of Forty-eighth avenue 200 S
of I street. S 25 by W 120; $2.
Isaac and Emily Ellaser to Rosa Cohen, lot
on E Una of Twenty-third avenue 225 S of J
street. S 73. E t»2. N 75:1V4. W 97:4i,i: gift.
Zlmrl or Charles W. and Iran* M. Phillips
to Walter M. Heywood. Harriet G. Hunt and
Harry H. Heywood. undivided li of follow
ing: Lot on JU"^f!ie of Pop© street, 885 8 of
Mission. S 40 by E 200 lot 15. Bernal Home
stead; a'BD lot on SW line of Mary street. 2a
SE of Minna. SE 23 by SW 62:ii: also lot
on SW ccrnor of Sacramento and Polk streets
W 155 by S 127 :sy 4 : *tO.
David and Ro»le Salfleld to Henry and Ma
rie Koehler. 8 V 3 of lot 22 and N U of lot
23. block D. Sunset Heights- $10.
Shull Daniels to Helena, Daniels lot on S
line of Badowa street. 5O5 W of Capitol W
25 by a 125. lot 15. block C, Railroad Home
stead Association No. 2; gift.
-Marie Hyde to Carl H. Buthmann, lots 81
to 33. block 14. Lakevleir; $10.
Ralph Ellis to E. C. McColgan. estate of
M«ry Ellis. No. 28.077. deed and assignment;
$250.
Builders' Contracts.
Charles and Harry Bu*h (owner*) with Hetty
Bros, (contractors), architects Salfleld A Kohl
berg — Incandescents and tetephena work for a
seven-story and basement brick building on SE
corner of O'Farrell and Carlos streets. S 117 :S
Same 'owners with Otis Elevator Companr
(contractor*!), architect* same — Electric passen
ger and sidewalk elevator for tame on same
13550. *
Same owners with M. Cohn (contractor)
architects same — Painting, etc.. for same on
same; $.1300.
Same owners with W. F. Wilson Company
The Kirirer manufacture™ of pln« boxes In
California. Oregon, Arlxona and Nevada pooled
their ltutineF* about reven year* ago and have
e!r.c# maintained «. dlfbarsing agency here un
der the nair.e of the fine Box Manufacturers'
Airency. oC which Z. S. father of this cltv
vf.* th« manager. Kecently it icai decided to
n:tik? a permanent concern of the organization
and to thi» end the new company was Incorpo
rated TP*iT<Sar. The same Interests, about
tlxty box TOl'.lR. on the coast are merged Into
the iuw coroj-any. which will hav« as its sec
retary Z. S. Cather and will maintain ofncea
in this city.
Article* of Incorporation of the California
Pli" Bos and Lumber Company were filed yes
terday with the County Clerk. The corporation
16 ojitK'.Ued for $5.O(X>.000, of which $3000 is
mhscrlbed. The directors, of whom there are
thirty sn-1 who have each subscribed $100, are:
A. J. Ilechtn-.an of Ea.n Francisco. C. E. Hor
ton of I'luma* County. J. K. Condon of Washo*
County, Nevada: A. Da vie* of Nevada County.
O. C. Haslctt of Alatr.eda. H. W. Swift of
F»^J=no, C. t'nggina of Shaota County. W. du B.
Brockirgs cf San IWnardino County C. T.
lilit-s of Nevada County. O. H. Collins cf Ala
meda Gotxaty, A. C I5ruhnj> of Nevada County,
L. Y. CogBin* of StFkiyou Count;-, O. A. Pratt
of fch*i=tR County. II. P. Martin of Sacramento
County. W. \V. Van Aredale of Ban Francisco.
J. E. Terry of Facramento County. Z. 8. Cather
of Ran Francisco. C E. Tlr.kham of Teham»
County. G. X. WeiKlling of San Francisco
V. E. March of Nevada County, F. W. H»«on
Of Arizona, J. P. Prince of Tuolumne County
\V. F. Derir.r.nt or Arizona. C. E. Read of Can
ada. F. A. Uoole of Fresno and K. J. Hummel
M. n«-hl«->r. L. A. limit, E. T. Brophy and F*
D Mafii'on of Fan Francisco.
Sixty of the Larger Mills on Coast
Are Merged Into Heavily Capi
talized Concern.
BOX MAKTJFACTUEEES
FORM A BIG COMPANY
It Is not apparent why so many men resorted
to this method of separating from the service,
a«d if the depressing result could In any way
be attributed to American methods it would
certainly justify the deepest solicitude on the
part of all concerned In the'milltary admin
istration qf the army. As a matter of faet,
however, the American soldier I? so well pro
vided for in respect to all his material neces
sities and his personal appearance and is to
carefully safeguarded in respect to all matters
of dis<Hp!ln« that a conclusion arises spon
taneously in the minds of experienced investi
gators to the effect that desertion, to a large
extent, la incidental to human nature, rather
than an excresrlon of npeclflc defects in the
military system and as tuch is not within the
scope of ordinary methods of control.
In the light of paat experience and conditions
it p*ems apparent that the United States as a
nation must accept desertion as a necessary
evil until enlightened public opinion can be In
duced to believe that it not only affects the
army as an organization, but. In remote con
sequences, is a menace to the stability of our
institutions through its corrupting effect upon
the military ideajs of the population that must
fuxnleh the forces upon which the republic
tnust always rely in time of war.
One thousand three hundred and forty-three
men deserted during th« fiscal year. Of this
number ¥14. were lrom the garrisons of the
department and represented approximately
19.42 per cent of the main strength therco' for
the year. The remaining 430 were from re
cruits, casuals and regiments x>asslng to and
from the Philippines.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 19.— General Mac-
Arthur, commanding the Department of
California, in his annual report says the
importance of an artillery reserve for the
Pacific Coast cannot be overestimated and
recommends that' the entire organized
militia of all arms located within easy
distance of San Francisco be invited to
participate In a course of coast artillery
training at the Presidio. He has the fol
lowing to say on desertions:
The faculty committee on students' af
fairs has not yet discussed the rush, but
wlien It docs something surprising will
happen. The committee has. the names
of many of the students who participated
in the free fight, furnished by Professor
Charles A. Noble, who was present.' Pro
fessor C. L. Cory, chairman of the com
mittee, refused to discuss the affair to
day, saying merely: -J" 7
"There will be an investigation into the
conduct of the students yesterday, but
no action. will be taken until the students'
affairs committee meets."
President Wheeler also refused to. dis
cuss the situation, on the ground that it
is the duty of the, students' affairs com
mittee to investigate all such matters.
It Is hard to conceive of any one, particu
larly a university man, using acid among a
crowd of men, but it seems there is such a
person. I was guarding the ballot box at ths
time It happened. As the sophomores closed
in on us I happened to look up a moment and
Juet then the acid fell Into my eye.
Some of the «ophomores actwi like ruffians.
They didn't seem to know any bounds. Why,
three of them caught a freshman named
Kerns and I yesterday morning in North Hail
and beat us severely. They left Kerns in a
bad plight. They would have tied us up only
there was not rope to be had. •
The chances of Frank C. Mclnncs of
Vallejo, the young freshman whose eye
was injured in the sophomore-freshman
rush yesterday at the University of Cali
fornia, losing cr retaining the sight of the
injured member are about even. Dr. E.
J. Boycs of Oakland, the specialist to
whom he was taken, told his patient to
day that he would be unable to Bay
whether he could save the Injured eye un
til the bandages are removed, in a day or
so. Mclnnes had a very narrow escape
from having his entire eye burned out.
Just a little more and he would have re
ceived the whole dose In that delicate
member. As it happened, only a drop en
tered the eye, and even this was ailutcd
by the water with which he quickly
bathed it. Mclnnes said to-day:
If I hadn't dashed water Into my eye right
away I would have been blind. That was all
that saved me. I havn'e been able to find out
yet what kind of acid It was and the doctors
are. not sure, though all the symptom*! point
to vitriol.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
21-iS Center Street, Sept. 19.
Frank-McGinnis Blinded
and "Sophs" Fear
Dismissal
MacArthur Suggests
Gun Practice for
Militia.
The long tunnel on the road is lighted by
440' electric lights. They alternate on the
tiflfi. five f^t-t ai>art, and are controlled by the
mpmartl and departure of the train. a« are
th'.- signals. When a train is approaching
either end cf the tunnel the danger signal is
In.n-.pdlately di?play«l at the other, and acci
dent by ccllicion teems Impossible. Altogether,
th«" new nypum ojwra tp* like a charm and
ev«ry cqo!i>ment knr>»n to nv>d*rn railroading
i* at har.d. Old and expfr.fnced engineers of
the oomiMLiy lsaniV.e the trtlm and, knowing
th.- read. rr.ak» th<- beat possible time with the
Kan thanr-ie of arcident.
Abnut BOO gu'rif of the president. John Mar
tin. nn-1 the dlrc^tore of the North Shore Rall-
T'aJ i/c-niiian}' rode ov»r the suburban division
ot that line on a trip of insp«»etlon yesterday
artciri'jon. The new road, on which electricity
bu been substituted for steam a« a motive
power, proxetf to be a marked success, and
the rMc from Pauraltto to the West Find sta
tion in He a Itafarl and return wu made with
out a single accident and with remarkable
epeed.
T!i«-re »pi» fcur"fciotor cars on the train —
tv/o in front and two behind — and six coaches.
Cli&llMLr «ocker handled the controller and
Cfi;uuctor G. \V. Lea-is was ia charge. The
i ails were charged with 000 volu of electricity,
ivr.kh. even with the long string of car*.
pn..v*d sufficient. The train moved like the
wind and covered the distance in an incredibly
fhort period of time. As San Rafael Is ap
jircachrd. th« track Is not yet in perfect condi
tion, as feeders have not been placed on the
rail, but this did not retard the progress of
the train. Everything will be completed and
paj-j^nrr trains will run through to San IU
fat-! Ly the letter part of this week, after
(•fetch x.ufnng locomotives, cinders and water
t: j ; « w'.il I* a thing of the past on the section
ol the road l*>rween San Rafael and the bay.
On the trii> bark the train stopped at the
p »erhuuse it the company and the visitors
nut. ••carted through the building. The tre
mendous current of 4U.0OU volts, which is
tit ought from the Tuba River, was Increased
fcy another r*nerat«-d by the emergency dyna,-
U:<* and th* larg* «nglne«.
Ncrth Shore Cosipany Runs Electric
Train to San Rafael and Satis
faction Is Expressed.
GUESTS INSPECT NEW
MARIN COUNTY ROAD
Bo this day Is one of grateful commemora
tion rather than of sad -lament, this hour an
hour of consjlatlon rather than of grief. Grief
at our profound bereavement we Indeed have,
for we have actually lost the converse of our
admirable and revered brother, and long as he
had been here, we yet feel as though we had
lcet him too soon, so intact did he still appear,
both In body and in mind, so stable In a quiet
maturity that kept its powers of Judgment
and even of acquisition quite unlmpared.
Professor William C. Merrill in hla
eulogy said that "Dr. Kellogg: was a Ro
man," for his nature, being sympathetic
with Roman ideals, his character was
profoundly affected by his intellectual
contact with the works of that great peo
ple, which in turn had affected the con
duct of his whole life. Professor Willard
B. Rising read the biography of Dr. Kel
logg's life and Columbus Bartlett's tribute
waa delivered by his eon, Louis de Fonte
nay Bartlett. A quartet, consisting tJT
Charles Elston, Howard Merrill, "Walter
de Leon and Melvln G. Jeffries, rendered
two songs.
DAY OF COMMEMORATION.
Tor thres and thirty years he had been our
devoted servant. In these hours of commem
oration, to be sure, we must not and cannot
forget the part played by a projmlnent asso
ciate of Professor Kellogg in the California
college. Dr. Horatio Stebbins, the last presi
dent of the board of trustees, without whose
planning, wisdom and public skill the accep
tance of the proposals made by the trustees
would probably not have been gained from
the State. But Professor Kellogg was our
founder in a yet more intimate and still
deeper sens>. It was in his person first that
the great, the vital principle of comprehensive
humane culture, essential as the organizing:
factor in the life of the institution, paaaed
forward from the narrower field It held in
the college into the vastly enlarged ono
afforded by the university. Fortunate was It
for him, fortunate for us, his successors, mofct
fortunate for the State and Its coming genera
tions of youth, that hla two eminent col
leagues, John and Joseph Le Conte, though
appointed to represent the sciences of nature,
were both men of genuine and disciplined love
of man. •¦
The exercises began at 3 o'clock, just
after the faculty had marched in a body
into Hearst Hall from the apartments be
low and taken peats on and about the
platform. President Wheeler presided and
introduced the speakers after delivering
a brief eulogy of the dead. The com
memorative address wa3 delivered by
Professor George Holmes Howison, who
said in part:
We ere once more essrmbled after what
eeeme, indeed, but a Bhort surcease of sor
row, to give expression to our «?nn« of a\ great
lose— a bereavement of the university and the
community alike. It Is only a brief two years
since we gathered here to honor the memory
of Joseph Le Conte, and now we are sum
moned, too eoon for our wishes, to note the
passing and commemorate the services of Mar
tin Kelk'Ks:. the lalt of the three bright
tpirits to whom the wiee Judgment of our first
board of regents committed the serious tasK
of inaugurating the internal life of the uni
versity.
The gathering was peculiarly represen
tative. There were men from every sta
tion In life, but notably two, who were
associate and student, respectively, with
Dr. Kellogg when he began his career in
California nearly fifty years ago. These
men were the Rev. Samuel \\\ Willty of
San FranciBco, one of the founders of the
College of California and the first execu
tive officer of the greater university, and
Benjamin Tracey of Sacramento, with
one exception the earliest graduate of the
university. But there were many more
old friends of the deceased educator pres
ent, among them Warring Wilkinson of
the State Deaf and Blind Asylum; J. B.
McChesney, Judge John Garber, the Rev.
F. S. Hosmer and the Rev. J. K. McLean.
Besides these well known peop'.e there
was present almost the entire faculty
of the university in cap and gown.
DR. SOWISON SPEAKS.
Friends who revered him through long
years of association, and friends, not so
old, but cheriphing him for his kind per
sonality and good works, made up the
congregation that"" to-day gathered at
Hearst Hall to attend the memorial exer
cises in honor of the late Dr. Martin Kel
logg, once president of the University of
California.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
214S Center Street, Sept. 19.
Memory of Late Teach
er Perpetuated by Old
Associates.
ACID THROWING
BRINGS TROUBLE
Eleventh Infantry, who was sentenced re
cently to three and a half years' impris
onment for Ill-treatment of soldiers, the
ser?eant said he had to flog recruits "like
cattle" to make them learn, and added
that his captain. Von Grolraan, tofd him
to act as he did. Captain Grolman was
sharply questioned by the judge advocate
as to the truth of this statement, but the
officer refused to answer.
Breidenbach was found guilty of 1207 of
the offenses with which he was charged
and sentenced to eight years' imprison
ment and' degradation.
Sergeant in 'German Army Testifies
That His Captain Instructed
Him. to Flog Recruits.
BERLIN, Sept 19.— At the second court
martial of Sergeant Breldenbach of the
TBIES TO PLACE BLAJIE_
ON HIS ST7PEBI0R OFFICER
COAST IN NEED
OF ARTILLERY
The handsome new home cf the San
Mateo Athletic Club was fittingly dedi
cated last night to athletics. Member?
of the Olympic Club took a prominent
part in th« exercises. A large delegation
of its best wrestlers, boxers and gymnasts
cave interesting exhibitions. The crowd
which tilled the spacious gymnasium
grew enthusiastic over the clever work.
President F. P. Howard of the new in
stitution opened the evening's entertain
ment with a short addrcs3. In the course
of his remarks he thanked the Olympic
<."lub for Its assistance. He said the San
Mateo Athletic Ciub had struggled for
what it had accomplished. By small be
ginnings and slow progress njjalnst grea.:
obstaclcs a few men cf determined princi
ples had brought the club to its prosant
condition. It was. proposed to i?sue bonds
for the purpose of making further im
provements, such as instituting handball
nl>>s, tennis courts and other Maoris, tie
took occasion to thank the reaiacnt.s for
their help and contributions. He then ln
ttoduced William Urear Harrison, presi
dent of the Olympic Ciub. who expressed
his Joy at seeing an athletic club in Sa:i
Mateo, He advised tho members no: to
go into debt by issuing bonds, but sug
gested that a committee of laxlios be ap
pointed to secure contributions from the
wealthy residents of the county. Mr.
Harrison also took occasion to lecture the
fair sex on their health.
The wrestling bouts ¦were extremely In
teresting. Cornell and Phillips prese'itJ
a realistic contest and the fair sex be
came nervous, fearing the pair might in
jure themselves.
The Press Club quartet, composed of
A. E. McMillan, R. E. Kecnc, R. H
Hunt and G., R. King, scored a hit with
selections. Schlitter and Cornell on the
Roman rlng3 won many plaudits. Misa
Choridah Simpson, the well known singer,
received hearty app^aur.e and many en
cores for her sweet sthging. Members of
the Olympic Club under the direction of
Robert Leando swung fire clubs with
skill. The boxing bouts were fast and in
teresting. Leonard and Cairns; Murry
and Altken and Sam Berber and Jimmy
Britt put up fast exhibitions. R. H. Hunt
sang himrelf into favor. There were pyr
emids by Olympic Club men and a clever
Dutch act by Moriarlty and Penaiuna.
The programme was under the direc
tion of Captain D. W. Donnelly. John J.
Gleason, leader of the Olympic Club, also
assisted. The officers of the new club are
F. P. Howard, president; J. T. Cronin,
vice president; H. J. Bettelheim. secre
tary; D. TV- Donnelly, captain; L. B. Doe,
T. R. Turner, C. J. Brown, C. N. Kirk
bride, John Morton Jr., E. W. Foster, C.
K. Melrose. /
The Columbia Park boys entertained the
guests of the club who visited San Mateo
by electric car with songs.
All three members of the executl\*e
committee In charge of the strike, Ken
nison, Parker and Davis, are now con
fined in the military guardhouse, and
other men have taken charge of the
strike.
A guard was thrown around the meeting
place and the officers announced that
every man, before he would be allowed
to depart, would have to submit to an
examination. No specific charge has
been placed against the prisoners. They
are held under the same conditions as the
other men who have been arrested since
the arrival of the militia in the district.
This aiternoon Peterson filed a com
plaint against Lieutenant Harting and
tihrriff itobertson armed with a warrant
v/ent to the military headquarters and
demanded the surrender of the officer.
-Adjutant General Sherman M. Bell, to
whom the warrant was presented, exam
ined it and returned'it to the Sheriff with
the remark that it was of no value theje.
He then iE3ued an order rescinding the
parses' cf Sheriff Robertson and his dep
uties, so that they are now denied admis
sion through the guard lines.
VICTOR, Colo., Sept. 19.— Late last
night 2i« soldiers visited the meeting of
the Free Coinage Union at Altman and
arrested seven of the most prominent
union men in the district. The prisoners
are W. F. Davis, M. A. Shimler, T. C.
Fester. Victor Poole, P. H. Mullaney, E.
S. Johnson and Charles R. Beckman.
CRIPPLE CREEK, Colo., Sept. 13.—
Hit.!! Peterson, one of fifty men brought
from Duluth, Minn., to work in the gold
mines, ran through the militia guard line
this •morning, when he learned that a
strike was in progress here. Lieutenant
Hartlng ordered him to halt and as he
did not do so, flred a shot In the air. Pet
erson escaped. He said the Duluth men
were promised $4 to $5 a day in wages.
Moat of thorn went to work in the Stfat
ton lndcponder.ee mine.
FRIENDS PRAISE
MARTIN KELLOGG
Preparations are now being made for
experiments in connection with diseases
and several new theories have been ad
vanced and will be tested in the near fu
ture. The plans are piactlcally complete
for testing the effect of radium on skin
diseases, including growths of a cancer
ous nature. ¦
NEW YORK, Sept. 19.-\Vorking in ex
jjeriments together. Dr. George P. Kunz,
honorary curator of the American Mu
seum of Natural History, and Dr. Charles
BaskcrvlUe of. the University of North
Carolina believe they have made a val
uable discovery in connection with the
mysterious substance known as radium.
This discovery . is that by mixing ra
dium with natural ~-.liemite, pulverized,
the activity and power of the former sub
.stance are multiplied a hundred fold and
probably (no instrument has been devised
ior im-usunngr the increase ol activity} a
thousand ro!d. That, at least, is the tem
poiary «.u«.ct of the mixing of the two
substances. Time must tell whether one
will i-uIHfi- the other.
YVillemite is a comparatively cheap sili
cate of zinc. It is possible also that
thrre is in wi'.lemitc a sutstance which
Is «s yet unrecognized as> a distinct ele
ment < hut v.inch produces. the radio ac
t vit>" tf -.t has awakened the enthusiasm
of the two expel imenters, but thus far it
is taken for wanted that the one sub
stance merely stimulates the activity of
the other.
Ppeclal Dispatch to The Call.
Isaac SHby. the Australian minister.
Mho is being tued for divorce by Theresa
Beatrice Selby and who is the plaintiff
in a. suit i'T damagvi for alfeniatlon of
afficlione in which Donald McRae. the
wtll-icnown furniture d*a!er. Is the de
fendant, hied at: answer to his wife's ac
tion yesterday.
He denies that he has txen a cruel hus
l-and or that he has deserted her and
failed to provide for her as ?h« charges
in her complaint. He also denies that he
has harassed and annoyed her, as she
claims, by continually threatening to hold
her up to obkxjuy and shame by threaten
ltig tf> expose her alleged relations with
McRae, and he says that the suit against
lI-.Rao war not prompted by spite, as his
wife ;iv«.rs. He s^ays he brought the ac
tion txrcaufe I'he n» elected hlu Interests
for those of the furniture man and thus
cvir.pel.ed nim to commence the cctlcn
as a meant of preserving hi« good name
uiirf the purity of hi? hem*.
Solby say? 'nrther that because of his
•«•;:. - s treiitrrient of him he was compelled
to relinquish his jicsitlon in Melbourne,
wlii-re he was well knov.n, and where, he
*3>s. his talents were appreciated and
io:ne to this country to seek a livelihood.
Jlf- says that if Mrs. Selby had joined him
•n his erfons to establish a h.mw here
th»:e r.«vcr would have been any trouble
it clssenfior.. She r.c£,!ect<-d him, he says,
and ~a|e her l me to the developing cf
the interests of h»»r "friend" McRae. thus
rfniii ri:iff his <-fTcrls of no avail. He says
that e\en aft»r she h;id left him he con
i!il)Uted to the fupport of their chi'.dren
and is (Tilling 10 continue to do so, but
she will have nothing to do with him and
compel* him to i« ad a honneless ar.d love
1. ss life. -'Thfrefore." says Selby. who is
his own attorney, "I humbly pray that
this honorable court render its Judgment
ir. my favor."
Suits for divorce were filed by Nellie
X. L.. Frank against George Fronk and
KUr.a Park against <_"hauneey Park. Mrs.
Fronk, who liv»s at 28 Hill street, charges
cruelty, alleging that for the last two
y^ars her husband has almost daily ap
p!lcd to her vile and opprobrious epithets.
Mts. i'ark .alleges failure to provide. She
?ays that her husband deserted her In
137, ?even years afier their marriage,
am! that ever since that time she has had
to dr^irnd upon her own exertions for a
living. Sh? says that before he left her
he <::Esipated all ht r own means.
Answers His Wife's Suit for
Divorce by a Plea f jr
He/ Love.
Marvelous Results Accrue
From Use of Simple
Sil.'c vtd of Zinc.
Adjutant General Bell Says
the Warrant Is of No
Value Therei
Clever Olymp'ans Display
fckill Before Big At
tendance.
Sheriff Fails in Attempt
toV Arrest a Lieu
1" /"\ ~r\ r\ v> 4"
L©nani/. ,
Discovery Increases Ac
tivity of Mysterious
k/UU3UcvliV/w, t
Interesting Affair in
San Mateo Club
Gymnasium.
Existenca of Homeless
Wanderer Does Not
SuitS 3i by.
LIFE OF NOMAD
IS DISTASTEFUL
DEDICATE HOUSE
TO ATHLETICS
MILITIA RULES
CRIPPLE CREEK
MAKES GREATER
RADIUM'S POWER
r> THE SAN*1?RA^Ctf SCO ' CArJfi, STJSDA^?^SEPTE»1BEB 20l 1903.
The project of a tax on fat people Is be-
Ing considered In Sweden. The advocates
of the tax argue that when a man is
above a certain weight he Is In a well-fed
and consequently prosperous condition
and so tn a position to contribute easily
to th« nnhlic funds.
38
I ~ r ~~~T~~"~- ~~ I 13 FREE WITH "I
I at n 0 M B ' mE NEXT i
flu r Sa s sumday
1 niiuu oai | call. I
I "/\IN OJL,D SALT." |
g • / — # g
§ •oee©oooo©80«o©ooo©o9®©©oeooo©oo©soaoo©ooooeo©sssoc» g
s • -eg
$ © ¦ 9 f>
g V- •• "An Old Salt," by the Belgian artist, A. ©ondry, is not only an ex- * g
b \ j ample of vigorous and skillful brush work, but a fine bit of character * o
& study. The type portrayed is one of those oxd men of the sea, bluff and 9 ' :
<S • sturdy, hardened by rude labor, danger, and exposure to the elements. 9
£$ ® They are apt to be curt of speech and often so taciturn that the appel- 5 &
3 § • lation 'ia sad sea dog" is fittingly bestowed upon them. In most of them, % §
« • however, there is generally concealed beneath their rough exterior a large • g
§j • • heart and often a vein of humor, which only requires an occasion to be ® S
ft • S brought out. S g
8 . ' O The effect of wear and exposure to variable weather upon the gar- O «
3. 9 ments of those who toil on the sea, or in the fields, is to destroy their 9 y
§' S color and bring various colors into a harmony of neutral tones which is ? $
tt £ nearly always picturesque and agreeable to the eye. The broken and sub- 9 tf
5 • dued colors of this picture are well suited to its subject, and the artist has ©> 8
f> * cleverly compensated for their lack of brilliancy by a vigorous effect of j &
£j § light and dark and the rich imparts of his painting. The last named q ig
6 4) quality is reproduced by the process employed in making The Call art sup- © «
S © plements with a tiuthfulness unapproached by any other. One might • -8
0 5 readily imagine at a first glance that the rough surface of the canvas had J g
g 9 been reproduced by embossing. q 8
§ © A. Boudry is a native of Belgium and has his atudio in Antwerp. He • j§
S « has ma< *° a specialty of pictures which have for their subjects scenes and 9 §
« § types of people of the sea. His work is highly appreciated in his own $ g
« © country, where he has received many honors, and his reputation and the • <£
I j§ • sale of his work in America are Steadily increasing. • g
§ • •-• ¦ : I
1 ee«o©oo©o©©©9®©©©©©©©©©©©©©©o90©©o©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©? g
j FREE ART PICTURE WITrf NEXT SUNDAY CALL, September 27 |
I TRAIN NEWS AGENTS AND ALL NEWSDEALERS SELL THE CALL I
I v Price .5 Cents. Price 5 Cents. Price 5 Cents. 1
jl THEY ARE FRAMING THE CALL ART SUPPLEMENTS II
1 1 The Following Art Dealers Are Making a Specialty ol Framing Call Art Supplements: ___, i
ft SACRAMENTO— Hevener, Mler & street; Gage's art store. 509 East SAN DIEGO— "W P Fuller A m O
Q Co.. 616 J street: a N. Davis, book Main street: Weber's art store. 415 71 P street -BUiier & CO.. y
S Etore. 817 K street. East Main street. FRESN'C^-SrfmcK *. ni.i, K
.§ PETALUMA— H. B. Qutermute^J. MAKYSVIL.LE— G. W. HalL REDDING— W k Rfrrh «T?«»^s %
§ M. Wyckoff. . „ T OAKLAND-E. J. Saalce. 13 Tele- FurnUure Companr ' T J HoSto? 8
O BAN JOSE— George Deime. M. Len- craph avenue: A. A. Barlow. 369 Houston Furniture Coiar>an"r 4>
Ti' ren & Son. Twelfth street. . REDWOOD nn \/ t jni - £
| STOCKTON-Morr* Bros/ book ALAMEDA-C. P. Magasnos. 1353 S^NTA CRiSe Irtsh Cooi. S
S store. 20 North El Dorado street: Park street. , Bros. F R Hpw ninit« Hnh,^ £
g" Stockton Racket store. 711 East Main CHICO— Fetters & Williams. JACKSON--? eTg! F r «man C<£ %Londjn Wool Sales.
LONDON, Sept. 19.— The offerings at tha
wool auction sales to-day numbered 1.3,105
bales; All grades were in demand and prices
ST. LOUIS, Sept. 19. — Wool, steady; me
dium grades combing and clothing, 16@21c;
light fine, 15fil7Hc; jieavy fine, 12@14^c; tub
washed. 20®30c.
St. Louis Wool Market.
Arraigned on Murder Charge.-
"William Cabins -was Instructed and ar
raigned in Police Judge Mogan's court
yesterday on a charge of murder, and hi>
preliminary hearing was set for next
Thursday. Sabins shot and killed hl3
wife, Mrs. Nellie Sabina. from whom he
had been separated, at her homo, 1SI2 Ma.
son street, on August 2, and attempted t«>
take his own life.
NEW YORK. Sept. 10. — The cotton market
opened steady at unchanged prices to 7 points
lower and ruled quiet, lower than last night's
closing, •
Nezv York Cotton Market.
The following quotations are for ffood, sound
Livestock, delivered In Kan Francisco, less 50
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE — Steers, 8©9c; Cows *nd Helfere,
7®3c; thin Cofs, 4<Q!ic per pound.
CALVES — »©9&c per pound (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 3^@4c; Ewes, 3g31jc per
pound (gross weleht).
LAMBS— $2 75C3 per h«ad.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
UEEF — &©7c for Steers and CjjGc per lb
for Cows. . .
VBAI*— Large, Ctf<t8%c; small, 0810c per
pound. •
MUTTON— Wethers. 7HS»Me. with fine
stock occasionally 0c; Ewes. "i'QSc per pound.
LAMM — D<SlUc per pound. /
PORK — Dressed Hees, -SMGfltfc per pound.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
All quotations remain as before. Supplies
continue sufficient for the needs of packers
and butchers.
DRESSED MEATS.
M cat Market.
NEW YORK. Sept. 19.— Total Imports of
merchandise and dry goods at the port of New
York for this week were valued at $12,0311.885.
Total lmiwwts of specie at the port of New
York for this week were $12,037 silver and
$57,695 gold. Total exports of specie from "the
port of New York for this week were $316,818
silver and ?1 1,000 cold.
Imports at New York.
Choice Salinas Burbankg were in small tup
ply and firm under a eteady demand for local
consumption. Trading In river Potatoes was
light, but as rocelpts continued small the
market was held up. Sweets were offering
freely and sold fairly at the previously quoted
rateg. Fresh arrivals of Onions were light,
but there wa« an. abundance of carried over
stock and the market- was quiet at previous
prices.
Vegetables moved freely, but as supplies of
all kinds were ample, pricex had but little
variation. String," Wax and Lima Beans-con
tinued In demand and cleaned up quickly at
steady prices. -Tomatoes arrived freely, but
cholco offerings ruled steady at the previously
quoted rates. The cannera were buying the
bay article at the minimum quotation, but were
vnable to secure any large quantity. Summer
Squash did better under a good demand and
light receipts, and choice Green Corn was
steady. The other vegetables stood as pre
viously quoted.
POTATOES— Burbanks from the river 60c®
$1 per ctl; Salinas Burbanks. $1 25@1 45 per
ctl: River Reds, S0®9Oo per ctl; Sweet Pota
toes. Jobbing at $1 :S5@1 60 per ctl.
ONIONS — SOeiCOc per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Corn. 76c@$l 60 per
sack; crates »rom Alameda, |1 25«l 75; from
Berkeley. 7&cg?l 2.">: Green Peas. 2#3c per lb;
String Beans, 303>4c per lb; Wax. - BKfMc;
LI mn. Deans, 2Mr®3c per lb; Tomatoes " 33fB
«5c por box; Bummer Squash. 3S<g:5Oc per box-
Cabbage, ecc per ctl; Carrots, .76c per sack;
Cucumbers, 2517400 per box; Picklo Cucumbers
,'tp^c for No.' 1 and ie2»to per lb for others'
Garlic, 2®3c per lb; Green Peppers, 30® 50c
per box or sack; Green Okra. 30©5Oc per box;
Egg Plant. 35ig:50c per box; Marrowfat Squash
$lu@12 per ton. '
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
| EASTERN MARKETS. \
Fhsrp*. HiKh. Low. Clo»»
Atchton \'t'i ".'.'.'.'. *"300 K9% MV4 JpU
JJaltiSiOj-c & Ohio.. 4,000 T»?i V9 «»=i
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Weekly Bank Statement.
NEW YORK. Sept. lfl.— The statement cf «v
erages cf the Clearing-house banks of this city
for the wetk thows:
Loans. Ctt22.Mia.f00; decrease. »4,627,000. De
posits, fS0y.4R2.-100: decrcare. $8,713,300. Cir
culation, $-iri.:;ci;.!«K); increase, fries. 100. Legal
tenders. $7I.l. r .2.:>00; decrease, I1.70O.5CO. Spe
cie. f!fi8.301.1k)0; decrease. $21.t)76,:«». Re
srrve, ft»40,r44,20ft: decrease, $4,37(J.90<>. Re-
Berve required, f227 t 370,575; decrease, $2,817,-
ICEW YORK, Sept. 19. — N > material changes
were recorded In prices of leading metals- to
day and the markets ruled generally quiet
and steady. Tin was quoted at $27 2O®27 60.
Copper, quiet; lake, $13 75; electrolytic,
$13 <m&@13 75; casting. $13 25913 37^.
Spelter ruled steady and unchanged at ?J.
Lead ruled firm, with a moderate demand
and offerlns at J4 fiO.
Iron moved freely; local prices nominal and
unchanged.
Nezv York Metal Market.
Detective Lewln of the Southern Pacific
Company and Detective Sergeant Ryan of
the local police force are still working ti>
procure evidence here ajair.st the gang of
thieves who have been systematically
lootlns freight cars.
Their suspicion that W. H. Beauregard.
freight conductor, and George Allard.
brakeman. who have both fled the city.
were connected with t^e sanff ha3 been
proven well founded. They discovered
yesterday that Allard had about two.
months ago sold to a cigar dealer on
Golden Gate avenue 1C0O cigars which hatl
been stolen by Beauregard and Allard
from an cast-bound car at ilenlo Park.
As the dealer bought the cigars In good
faith and at once surrendered them no ac
tion will be taken against him.
The officers have not yet located Frank
Carey, who was Implicated with C. A.
Rutherford, the brakeman: C. V. Graves,
atevedor*. and W. H. Daugherty In loot-
Ing cars at or near Salinas. They will
rot take Rutherford and Graves to Sali
nas until they have given up hope of
catchJnjr Carey.
Trainmen.
Officers Discover Evidence of Guilt
Against Two Fugitive
STOLEN CIGAHS SOLD
TO A LOCAL DEALER
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell
about lV4c under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers, O-'ic; medium, 8%c; light, 8c: Cow
Hides, fie for heavy and 8c for llsht; Stag*.
Cc: Salted Kip, SWc; Salted Wai. 9V>c:
Salted Calf. 10c: dry Hides, 15©15Hc; dry Kip.
13c; dry Calf. 17c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 25*J
30c each: short Wool, 4O«75Oc each: rntdlum. 70
@90c; lone wool, |l@l 50 each: Horee Hides,
salt. $2 75 for large and $2@2 50 for medium,
$1 25@1 75 for rmnll and COc for Colts; Horse
Hides, dry. $1 75 for larze and tl 50 for me
dium, $161 25 for email and 00c for Colts.
Buck Skins — Dry Mexican, 8214c: dry salted
Mexican. 2Cc; dry Central American. 32H?.
Uoat Skins — Prime Ar.jrorus. 75c; large and
smooth. 50c: medium, 35c: small. 20c. -
• TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4%©l»lc per lb;
No. 2, 404 Vic; create, 2}403c.
WOOL — Fall clip— San Joaquln Lambs", iia
12c; Foothill. 10©12c: Middle County. llQl.tc.
Quotations for eprtnie clip are as fellows:
Humboldt and Mendoclno, ia®20c: Nevada. 13
@l5c; Valley Qjregon, fine. 18019c; do, medium,
17iS1Sc: <Jf>. fonrte. lC©17c per lb.
HOPS— 22#26c per lb, with moat, growers
asking an advance over these quotations.
Hops rule very firm and the tendency I* to
ward a possible further advance. Hides are
unchanged. The partial settlement of the
strike in the Wool trade has placed that mar
ket in better condition.
Hides, Talloiv; Wool and Hops.
Prices for Beans remain about the fame, the
market being firm for most descriptions.
BEANS — Bayoe. $2 7002 0<7; Pea $3 25- But
ters, $3; small White. *:*©:$ 15; large! White,
*2 75®2 93; Pink. $2 75@2 65; Red $2 90@3;
Lima. $3 40#3 50; Red Kidneys, nominal;
Blackpye, $2 6(H?2 65 per ctl; Horse Beans,
fl 40@l BO.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax $1 70@l 80- Canary,
6iS5«Ac l for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal; Rape,
l'7i©2V4c; Timothy C@6%c; Hemp. 3Vi@3^c
per lb; Millet. 3©3%c; Broom Corn Seed $20Q
23 per ton.
DRIED PEAS— Green. $1 80@2 per ctl.
Beans and Seeds.
TUOLL'MNE RIVER AT LA GRANGE.
Second Feet.
DATE. 1
1902. 1 1»KK.
September « \\\
September 7 I 15 ••• ¦
September 8 80 ...
September 9 sl •••
September 10 W •••
September It "3
September 12 115 ...
KINGS RIVER AT RED MOUNTAIN.
~ Second Ftet.
DATE> 1302. loou!
September 6 3«0
September 7 BO
September 8 £;> ;»> .
September « ! ~> 320 .
September 10 2S5. SSI
September 11 32O J £Vl»
September 12 ! -»-> 2&» .
ST. JOSEPH, Sept. 19.— CATTLE— Receipts,
544; steady.
HOGS— Receipts, 4300; steady to easy: light,
$5 S.ifj'l 05; medium and heavy, $5 70S' 5 05.
SHEEP— Receipts, 20; steady.
ST. JOSEPH,
"5 CHICAGO. Sept. 10.— CATTLE — • Receipts.
500. Texane, nominal; gopd to prime steers,
$5 4'J"S3 DO: poor to medium, $3 90<S5; stockers
and feeders. $2 40@4 15; cows. $1 50@4 60; hei
fers. $2@4 75: canners, $1 50#2 CO; bulls, $2®
4 50; calves $3 .V«f(7; Texan fed steers, $3 25@
4 40; Western steers, $3 25©4 50.
HOGS— Receipts: To-day, 10,000; Monday,
30.000. Choice, steady; others, slow; mixed
and butchers, ?3 G5@fl 25; good to choice heavy,
$5 DO-SO 15; roush heavy, $5 WXffS 80; light,
$5 70«« 25; bulk of Bales. 15 76ig6.
SHEEP — Receipts, BOOO. Sheep, steady:
lambs, steady; good to choice wethers. $3-40(9
4 25; fair to choice mixed, $2 25ifi>3 25; Western
sheep $2 23«4; native lambs, $3 75®fl 13; West
ern lamb*. $1@5 23.
CHICAGO,
Eastern Livestock Market.
Previous prices rule. The lower grades of
Hay continue in large supply and weak, while
the choice grades are firmly held. There Is no
change in FeedstuSs.
BRAN — S22623 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $20 60®28 per ton
SHORTS— $22@23 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $24®25 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill ?2C@20 50; Job
bing. $27@27 60: Cocoanut Cake. $21@22.
Corn Meal. f:n<j3.1 50; Cracked Corn. $33 5Cf»
34 SO; Mixed Feed, $22 50®23 50; Horse Beans
S2S@3O per ton.
HAY— Wheat Sll@14 50. with gales of extra
cholco at $18; Wheat and Oat, $11013 50; Oat.
$10013; Wild Oat. $9 50@ll 50; Barley $9@ll;
Clover. $8 50@ll; Stock. $8@9; Alfalfa $9 500
10 50 per ton.
STRAW — 35363c per bale
Hay and Fecdstuffs.
PARIS.
Wheat — Sept. Jan-Apl.
Opening 20 00 21 10
Closing 20 95 2110
Flour —
Opening- 30 25 28 10
Closing 30 15 28 C5
. LIVERPOOL. \ -
Wheat — Sept. Oct. Dee.
Opening 6 4Vi 6 4% 6 6VJ
Closing 6 4Vi 6 4»* C 5Vi
Foreign Futures.
Chicago was somewhat lower. The letter of
Bolton, De Ryyter & Co. said:
"Market little easier. There was no particu
lar feature to local operations and no change
in general conditions. Packers still seem dis
posed to support prices in view of an expected
increase in demand. Receipts cf hogs little
in excess of last year. There is no change in
the local situation. Demand for meats from
South is of late a little disappointing."
There was nothing new in this market.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 12%c per Ib for
heavy, 13c for light medium, 15c for liRht,
KiUc for extra light, 17 Vic tor sugar-cured and
19%c for extra sugar-cured: Eastern sucir
cured Banu, 13%c; California Hams. l."'.^c.
MeFs Beef, ?11 50*12 per bbl; extra M:sd. |12
CaVi 00; Family, ?13 50; prime Mess Pork, |19;
extra clear, $23; Mess, $20; Dry Salted Pork.
12V4c; Pic Pork. $28; Tigs 1 Feet, $5 25;
Smoked Beef, 15c per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 7»ic per Ib for
compound and 10Vi@10%o for pure; half bar
rels, pure. 11G11V4c: 10-lb tins, U&@11 1 &c;
5-lb tins, ll%c; 3-Ib tins, II 94c
COTTOLENE— One half barrel, 9%c; three
half barrels, 3V4c; one tierce, 9«4c; two tierces.
9%c; flv« tierces. 9 He per lb. - .
Provisions.
Th» following tables give a comparative
statement for two years of the estimated How
of certain California rivers in cuoio foot per
••conil. or second feet, cne second foot equal-
Ing 50 California miner's inches, or about 4a
Colorado miner's Inches. The figures for tha
ta»t year may ba revised by later measure
ments. Th* figures are by J. U. Llppincoti.
hydrographer, Unr»ed States Geological Survey;
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was firm. Creameries. 15©20%c; Dai
rlea 13S18c. Eggs. firm. 18@1S%C Cheese,
steady. 10@H%c.
FLOW OF RIVEBS.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels ....'. 15,800 12.800
Wl:eat, bushels 129.700 115,100
Corn, bushels 300.500 322.000
Oate bushels 155,900 229,300
Rye" bushels 2.800 7,250
Barley, bushels 0,700
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $4 60^
4 SO. usual terms: Bakers' Extras. $4 S0®4 <°>O;
Oregon and Washington, $3 90ff J 20 per bbl
for family and $3 00©4 40 for Bakers.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in packages *re as
follows: Graham Flour. $3 25 per 100 lb*; Rye
Flour. $3 25; Rye Meal. $3; Rice Flour. $7;
Corn Meal, $3 25; extra cream do ' $4; Oat
Groats, ?4 50; Hominy. S4®4 25: Buckwheat
Flour, $4 50©4 70; Cracked Wheat. $3 75: Fa
rina $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour $3 50: Rolled
Oats bbls, $7 25@8 60; in sacks, $0 75@<4 10;
Pearl Barley. $6; Split Peas, boxes, $7; Green
Peas. $3 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuifs.
All descriptions - remain as before, with a
quiet, steady demand for Fruits and Nuts,
while Honey continues quiet.
NEW FRUIT — Apricots. 7@9%c for Royals
and 0@llc for Moorparks; Evaporated Appies,
6©6c; Peaches, 5Vi«7c; Pears, 6©»c; Ntc
tarlnes, 4Qi4%c for white; Figs, white, 4'40
4%c in boxes; Plums, pitted, V<t~c per Ib.
PRUNES— 1003 crop. 2%<ff3c for the four
sizes; lOfti crop. 2%@2&c for the four sizes,
with %®lc premium for the large sizes.
RAISINS— 1U03 prices are as follows: Two
crown. 6@6^4c; three-crown, OViy'J'.Jc; four
crown, 6%©7e.
NUTS— Walnuts, No. 1 softshell, 12%c; No.
2. 10%c; No. 1 hardshell, 12c; No. 2, 10c; new
Almonds, lie for Nonpareils, I0%fl for I X L,
lOVic for Ne Plus UKras and 8~^c for Langue
doc; Peanuts, ThJ?7c for Eastern; Pecans, 11®
lite; Cocoa nuts, $4 50@5.
HONEY— Comb, new. 12%ei3%c for white
and Oii lie for amber: new water white ex
tracted, 5%$«%c; light amber extracted, 3c;
dark, 3%©4%e.
BEESWAX — 27©20c per Ib.
Dried Fruit s,Nuts, Raisins, Honey
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour steady; winter -patents. $3 00®4 10;
straights, $3 60Q>3 90; spring patents. $4 20-9
4 CO; straight*. $3 tfO@4; bakers'. $2 60#3 40;
No. 3 spring wheat 80@87c; No. 2 red. 7837S>c;
No. 2 corn, 49%@49:y4c; No. 2 yellow, 00% c;
No 2 oats, 37c; No. 2 white. 39@39Uc: No.
:: white, ' 37%Q37%c; No. 2 rj - e. 66c; fair to
choice malting barley. 52@57c; No. 1 flax seed,
OSc; No. 1 Northwestern, $1 03; prime timothy
seed 53 30; mess pork, per barrel, $13 25@
13 37%; lard per JLOO pounds $9 50®fl 55; short
ribs sides (loose). 38 87%©9 12%; dry salted
shoulders (boxed). $6 C2% I S<1 75; short clear
sides (boxed). J8 761J0; whisky, banls of high
¦wines fl 23; clover, contract grade, $9 75
©10. '
Postal D5v!c« A Imp
San Franrisoo Drydock 47 00
.Sau3alito Land & Ferry It' CO
Pperry Flour Company 27 30 30 CO
Standard Electric 18 CO
Truckee Electric 1125 16 CO
Union Sugar 22 3D
United Gas A Electric 3-1 50 .....
Western Fish Co ••?••
OFFICIAL SALES.
Mcrnlnz Session.
10 Hanford 135 CO
500 Reed Crude 43
SCO Alma ? * Jj
Street —
Independence 1*
10CO Monarch '¦ •>•
15 Hanford. b, 15 133 CO
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
The following were the gain on the San
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yestei
day:
Morning Session.
100 Belcher 2-.;4(O JulM W
700 Bullion loijf.n Msxican 1 10
10O Chollar OJSWOpfcU »M
20O Con Cal A V..1 SOKHO Potosl J-_>
300 Gould A Curry :!0,:w) Union Con 6«>
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
The following Tv»-re the sales on the Pacific
Stock Exchange Xjttrday:
Morning Sraslon.
100 C C A Va.l 32' j- MO Pctosl 23
10OO Imperial . . 03 1 500 Savag« *'»
3«0 Con N T... IS ! 2uO Sierra Nev. > i
WO Exchequer . 14 | 300 Silver H1H. R»
70O Exchequer . 15 I »O Silver Hill. tH
2t>0 Mexican ...1 10 2UO Yel Jacket.. W
ICO Mexican ...1 07'.:!
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
The following were the xales on the San
Francisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange >**-
terday:
Morning Session.
3000 Esperanza ... 0.J! W0 Pine Grovs... «>
100 Gipsy Queen.. S£| 1<m> Pine Grove... 5y
«0O MacNamara . 1»! S-O Rescue 1O
20O Mon Ton !K»,10liO So. Eureka... 1-"J
1(X» Pennsylvania 7 W>i «0O Ton A Cal 1T»
CLOSINO QUOTATIONS.
Sept. 19—12 ra.
Bid. Ask. , Bill. Ask.
Alpha 07 W Julia W> t»t
Alta C5 07 Justic« C8 1<>
Andes 14 1« Kentuck OH O*
Bflcher 2o 27 Mexican 1 W 1 1«>
Best A Belch.l 73 1 DO Occidental ... 35 ::7
, Bullion 10 11 Ophlr 1 80 1 8»
Caledonia 04 »5 Overman .... 2tS 2.
Challenge Con.8* 3t» Potoni 24 2«
Chollar 24 25 Savage 27 l"X
Confidence ... SO 9Oi Scorpion €2 04
Con Cal St Va.l 50 1 55 Se S Belcher .. 1» U-
Con Imperial. 04 03 Sierra Nevada 64 CH
Con NY 15 17 Silver Hill .. 68 6'f
Crown Point. 15 Hi St Louis .... 16 IS
Eureka Con . 40 5o Syndicate ... — «•«
Exchequer ... 13 14 Union Con .. M CR
Gould A Cur. 2» 30 Utah ,. 14 15
Hale A Norcs 54 53 Yellow Jack.. 31 So
Lady Wash.. — 04
TONOPAH MINES.
Bld.Ask.l Btd.Ask.
Colehan 2O £i \ Pine Grove .. 0» —
P«»r»nza . 02 C5 Rescue 08 1(J
Eula Con . — »> Ton B«lmont..I 4U 1 60
Hannapah ... — 131 Ten of Nev. — 8 00
Licky Tom .. — 08|TbH N Star.. 42 ?*
MacNamara . 1« lDITon Midway. 42 45
Montana Ton 87 30' Ton & S Lake — 4i
¦ Paymaster .. 1« 15j
Stock and Bond Exchange.
— - SATURDAY. Sept. 19 — 12 m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup.. — — Is qr c (new) — —
4s qr reg... — — ?s qr coup.. 107 —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 83. — — I Do con 6s. 103 105
Bay CPC Cs.103 106 \O G L H 5s. — —
Cal C O 5s. — — ,O W C O 5«. — —
Cal O & E g I Oceanic S 5s. — —
m Sc. ct 6s. — — |Om C R 6s. — —
Cal-st 5s ... — — | Pac O lm 4s — —
C C Wat 5s. — 102%iP E Ry 5s.llO 111
Ed L & P Cs. — — .P A C R 6a. — —
F & C H 6s. — 120 IP ft O R 6s. — —
Geary-st 5s.. — — IPowell-st 6s. — 120
HC & S 5V;,s — — S E GAR Ss — —
H C & S 5s. 99V. — tSF * SJV .Is 120% —
Hon R T ««.106U108% S R of C 6s. 111% —
L A Elec 5s. — — S P of A 6s
L A Ry 5s. — — (19CW) — —
L A L Co 6i. - — (1910) .... — 109%
IX) gtd 6s. — — S P of C 6s
Do gtd 6s. — — - (l»05)Sr A. — —
LAP lem 5s. — — (19O5)Sr B. — —
Mkt-st C 0s. — — <1906) — —
Do lem 5s. — 110 (1912) ....116%118
NRR of C 6slO6% — SPC 1 cr 5s. — —
NRC of C fis — — Do stmpd. — —
NPCR5s. — — SPBR6S. — —
N C R 5s... — — IS V Wat 6s. — —
N C P C 5a. — 102 Do 4s 2dm. 99%10O
N B R 5s... 93 101 Do 4s 3dm. — 10O
O T Co 6s.. — — Stkn GAE 6s — —
Do 5s ....111 114 U G & E Cs. — —
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa — 50 IPcrt Ccsta.. — —
Marin Co ..: 61 — (Spring Val.. 84 85
•' GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. — 6 !Sae E G & R — —
Eqult Ga«... — — I3FO&E..6S 69
Mutual E L. 13 13%l S K Gas — —
Pac G Imp.. M% 33 Stock O & E — —
Pac Lighting Ki% — V G A E.... — —
TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES.
S F.G & E.. 67% 63
INSURANCE. y
Firem's Fnd. — —
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk. — — L P A A.... — —
Anglo-Cal .. — — Mer Trust... — —
Bank of Cal. — — Merch Ex... — —
Cal Safe Dp. — — SF National — —
First Natlonl — —
SAVINGS BANKS.
Gcr S & L.. — — Sav & L Soc 03 —
Hum SAL. — — Sec Sav Bk. —
Mutual Sav. — — Union T Co. — —
S F Sav U..C00 700
STREET RAILROADS.
California ...190 210 'Presidio .... — 41
Geary — — |
POWDER.
Giant 63% 67 .VIgorit
SUGAR.
Hana P Co.. 10c — iKilauea S C — _
Hawaiian C. 43 — Makawell C. 21 U ¦*>
Honokaa S C 13^ 14 I Onomea S C. 32V* —
Hutch SPC— 14 IPaauhau S C 10% 17
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alatka Pack.l52%l3<t (Oceanic S C —
£ a ! Z!? lt As - c5 90 Pac A *' a.. ™ _
Cal Wine As. 0t>% — iPac C Borax.167 _
Morning Session.
Beard —
25 Calilornla Fruit Canners 93 00
10 California Wine Association "7 oT>
C California Wine Association 99 75 ,
BO Onomea Surar Co -' i,- k
20 Pacific Coast Borax '..'.'." l'm 00
12000 Nor Ry of Cal Ca bonds lug <»
5 Makawell •! "-ti
73 Panuhau S P Co ;; X g 75"
California Stock and Oil Exchange
Oil Stocks— . Bid. Asked
Caribou OH Co 1 00 1 1 o
Four Oil £7 X V*
Hanford Oil 132 00 135 co
Home Oil : 32% gVir
Imperial Oil „ i*w
Inde|>endence Oil 17 VX
Junction Oil 20 Aj
K*tn Oil , 4 50 6 00
Lion on ] on Jj
Monte CrlstO Oil 75 S L I
Monarch Oil fi; *\ !
OUX-'lty Petroleum so
Petrlfes Oil 13 60 ii'oo
Reed Crude Oil il .
San Joaquin Oil 5 30
Sterling OH 2 T5 ' "
Thirty-three Oil 7 25 "i'oo
Twenty-eight Oil 400 .
Union Oil » c«'o6
United Petroleum 1C0 00
West Shore O!l 2 90 3 25
Miscellaneous —
Abbj- Land & Improvement.. 1 30 1 72
Alameda Sugar 280O
American Biscuit 87 00 93 CO
American DUtrict T«l -
Bay Countlen Power .....
Cal Central <Jas & Electric. .....
California Cotton Mills »<« CO
California Jockey Club 105 00
California Powder
California- Shipping Co 29 00
Cal Title, ins & Trust. 130 00 140 CO
Central Bank of Oakland.... 60 00
Chutes Company 8 25
City and County Bank '.
Cypress Lawn Imp Co 6 23
Eastern Dynamite .....
Kr.a Sugar Plantation .......
Gaa Consumers' Association. ..... 22 so
Honolulu 8ugar is 00
London & S F Bank (Ltd.)
Mercantile Trust , / ' .
Northern California Power.. 8 50 » bo
Nevada. National Bank
North Shore Railroad 9 0O .....
Orpheum Company 13 25
Paclnc States Tel ft Ttl.. 123 50
raraifJne Paint 33 00 ,
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2 —
September 78»i 7S% 77% 78i;
Dec., new M% 80% 79 Vi 79%
May 82U' 82% . 81 Sl'i
Corn No. 2 —
September . . . 60% 60T4 49*4 49%
December .:.... 60% 50% >40^ 49%
May 60% 60% 43 49
Oats No. 2—
September 36 37% 30% 37
December 38% 38% 37% 88
May 40 40% 39 39V*
Mm=s Pork, per barrel —
September 13 25
October 13 52 % 13 62H 13 35 13 35
May 13 C2V a 13 52»4 13 28 13 23
Lard per 100 pounds —
September ft 50 9 62% 0 50 9 55
October 8 20 8 22% 8 15 8 15
January 7 27^ 7 27% 7 13 .717%
Short Ribs per 100 pounds —
September 9 07%
October 0 17% 9 20 9 10 9 20
January 0 93 0 93 6 $2% 0 82%
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Batik Clearings.
Local Bank CVartncs durtnc th# past we»k
%tr« $33,511,779. against *50.iM,757 durirg the
5*2S5?£2F *" k to 1902 - ¦howiiitf a gain
Exports of Quicksilver.
The exports cf quicksilver from Ban Fran
cisco by tea In August were as follows:
*c?£~v- _._ Flasks. Values.
£££. Tork 1.200 $52,500
5?i°* 603 20,6.-55
».¦£*£. 100 4.200
Central America "' 45 *HS
Urltlfh Columbia a '220
Tctil " 2,253 $96,733
tee <xporti were 2<W7 flasks,
at $41,500. went to China, and C25
SSS^ssS'iS 0 ?.^^ were 1771 fl " ka -
Government Fruit Crop Report.
From the- croi> bulletin. United States De
partment of Agriculture. Washington, D. C
week ended September 7:
Prt»peets for an ercrag* croo of apples are
?££?** .S 013 . 1 *^ 11011 " of N>w England, the
rnlddle Atlantic State., Iowa. Kansas and
oxlahotna; a Il*ht croa Is promised In Mis
souri and less tiian Die average- In New York.
although th# fruit is of cood quality In ths
lakt-named State. Complaints of dropping are
P>r.eral In Oh.o. Infflana, Kentucky, Tennessee
and portions cf Virginia, and apples are not so
promising In Michigan.
New England — Good eecond crca of apple*
in hill orchards: cranberries, good Quality
quantity below average.
New York — Apples less than average.
Pennsylvania — Appl** and plums fair: pears
and peaches sccrcp; tomatoes and sugar corn
po^r.
Maryland and Delaware — Tomatoes and sugar
ccrp UsMt than usual. »
Vjrrtaia — Apples favorable except dropping
in >»fftern counties.
Mis'ouri— Aprlfs lisht and Inferior.
Indiana — Tomatoes ripening slowly.
Ktr.taf — Apples plentiful in south and In
F'awnee County.
Washington Crop Bulletin.
Th* r»r>oit of G. K. Salisbury, section di
rector United States Weather Bureau. Tor th;
ttaatdaston Crop Bulletin, week ended Septem-
J ir>. is cs follows:
"'The wec-k was cool throughout, with a
n-.r-an t»mptrature of three or more degrees
t«!ov/ the average. On the mornings cf the
f'th aad ldh it was almost cocl enough for
frect. BhOwcn were of dmest Uaily occur
rence, and in seme Instances they were quite
-avy. Altogether the rainfall was from one-
Y:i,'f an inrh to over an inch in different lo
"The abundance of moisture- was very bene
fi-'.al t-> pastures and ranges, and root crops
crid oabbase were greatly improved. It is
thcucht that late i>otatoes will in some cases
!<¦ Incrc-ii*'! in elze as a result of the moisture
The sTour.d ha* aa Ma effect of the abundant
rainfall beta put in excellent condition for
rlcwir.g and the seeding- of fall wheat. Pre
vious to the rains but little of such work had
tf-en cicnt. but It will now go rapidly forward.
Late epplci will probably be larger on account
of tht rainfall.
•'Harvesting and threshing were interrupted
by the baa weather and completely stopped
en tho 11th. Good weather will enable these
operatlcns to be resumed on the 14th, and a
few fine days would »«e harvesting finished in
• 11 localities. T\'heat In the shocks in th« east
em counties and oets In the western counties
were quite b:uilr*wet bjr . the ctorms, and the
grain will be considerably damaged. Fortu
nately, harvesting vras more than three-fourths
6one.
•¦Cessifier&ble- hop-picking was don* la th«
earlier yards, especially of the Taklma coun
try. It vu much delayed and Interrupted and
finally stopped by the rainy weather. The rain
vu Injurious to the hOBs, adding to the In-
Jury already floce by mold in a- number of
yarSt. .
"Is parts of th* eastern counties high w;ndi
sma ball daxn&gea fruit and standing grain to
some extent. Cons t<? frable late wild hay was
rpolled. The wet weather waa bad for plums
&ad prunes, causing them to crack and rot on
the treet."
Weather Report.
(120th Meridian — Pacific Time.)
EAX FRANCISCO. Sept. 19. 5 p. m.
THE COAST RECORD.
g k 5 o i 3
S $1 Si a f *s I
§ gill*! *° €
Mm j f
Baker 29.93 74 44 NW Clear
Carson 29. tA 86 . . W Clear .CO
Eureka S».C9 CS 10 XW Clear .00
FaraJlon 2ft.©7 67 62 N Pt.Clfiy .00
FT*sno 29. SO »2 68 X Clear .00
Klar»tarr 28.60 72 38 SW Pt.Cldy T.
Independence 29. 88 »6 64 E Clear .00
I*os A5*eles..2».82 75 54 8W Clear .00
Mt Tarr-alpals 29.0* 79 6S W Clear .00
Noitl. Head CS
Fr.ocnix 23.76 »H C2 NW Clear .00
Pncctello, Ida.29.»O 74 40 SW Clear .00
Portland SO.o« 68 «) XW Cloudy .00
Point Reyes. ..2». 92 C4 BO N Foggy .OO
Red Bluff 29.88 88 58 BE Clear .0f»
Rosebunr 30.04 7« 44 N Clear .(t0
Faframento ..29. S3 M £2 E Cl«>ar .00
Bait L*ke 29.04 78 46 NW Pt.Cldy .00
Pan Franrinco.29.!»<l «•<* TM \V Clear .00
S. L. ObUpo- .29.J5S 72 54 W Clt-ar iflO
F.r.n Diego 23.&O 72 60 NW Clear .CO
f,. a ttle 30. «8 M 5« NE Cloudy .00
p., tane 29.90 C6 RO SW Cloudy .0<>
Tatoosh 30.06 fiC BO R Clear .10
Walla Walla.. 29. 90 74 . r >8 FW Cloudy .00
TVinnemucca .29.94 7R 40 W Clear .00
Turna 29.74 »6 «2 SW Clear .00
WF \THER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
There has been but little chance in pressure
' Oartag the past twenty-four hours over the
western half of the country. Cloudy weather
prevail* over the Northwest and light rain is
reported In Northern Arizona.
The temperature lias fallen rapidly over
Wellington end Northern Oregon. In the great
vgllry of California the temperatures are
f'ichtlv ebove the normal and conditions are
favor* tl« fcr fruit-drying and raisin-making.
In E.mtUern California cool, pleasant weather
t>T FoK i« reverted ofT the coast from the Far
ftfioitca to roint Re>'«-
Fcrecart made at San Francisco for thirty
h-t:rs PTidir.K midnight. September 20: .
North<-rn CaUforr.iB— Faif Sunday, except
cloudy alone the ooart; cooler in northeastern
portion: lipht northerly winds Inland; brisk
westerly winds on the coast, with fog.
Southern California— Fair Sunday, except
cloudy Is the morning; light southwMt wind.
Nevada— Fair Sunday; cooler.
P*n Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy Sundav;
brick southwest ¦wind*, with fog In the morn-
Jn* and at nieht. A. G. HfADIE,
Forecast Official.
# *
The only, change worthy of noto was an
advance in Onomea Sugar to $32 25. The
market was quiet, as usual on Saturday.
Sales' on the California Exchange last week
were 34.330 shares, valued at $2O.520, the lead
ing sales being as follows: Bsperanza, 1000
shares; Toltec. 10C0; Home, CUO; Occidental,
l»0O; Monte Cristo. 1600; Reed. 4900; Superior,
4000; Independence, 9000; Sovereign, 1500; As
sociated" Oil, 2Q0O; Alma, 1300; Monarch, 3SOO.
The aeml-annual report of the Bank of Brit
ish North America shows profits for the Half
year ended June 30, including £3011 brought
forward from last account, of £30,606; out of
this an Interim dividend of 30s per share has
been declared, payable- October 1, being at
the rate of 6 per cent per annum, and a bal
ance of £5405. has been carried forward. A
large purchase of Canadian bonds was rendered
necessary by the expansion of the note cir
culation of the bank, the bonds being held for
deposit with the Government. The whole
premium of £40CO has been written off out of
the profits of the half year. The sum of £1290
was appropriated from profit and loss account
for the benefit of officers, widows' and or
phans* life Insurance and pension funds. Since
the last report three branches ami three sub
branches have been opened.
STOCK MARKET.
Provisions were weak and followed corn.
October pork closed S5c lower; lard was off 10c
and ribs were 5c higher.
CHICAGO, Sept. 10. — The fine weather and
the bearish feeling In other markets and free
selling by the Northwest accentuated the weak
ness in wheat. Longs sold out. some because
they had profits, others cwing to the action of
corn and on general bearish conditions. Decem
ber started *ic to *4c lower at S0*io to 80% c,
and other steady cables and small receipts,
which Induced commisslcnhouses to buy early,
sold up to 80*i@S0%c. BBl the advance was
short lived and when the selling started there
was little support. Stop orders were made on
the downward course and contributed to the
weakness. December touched 79*4c and an Im
portant firm took on sufficient to bring about a
small reaction. The close was barely steady,
with December at 7f)%c, a Iohs of .%c.
Corn conditions were similar to those which
effected the weakness in wheat and prices con
tinued to give way before the flood of offerings
which came from all directions. December
closed at 49*fcc. a net loss of l*4c.
The oats market was weak, in sympathy with
corn.- December closed at 38c, a loss of %@%c.
Chicago ¦ Grain Market.
OREGON.
Wool, bales ... 60
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks... 3,540
Receipts of Produce.
SATURDAY. SEPT. 13.
Flour, qr sks... 8.070 Hops, bales ... 529
Wheat, ctls ... 12,510 Wool, bales ... 213
Barley, ctls 128, .{Mi Feed, sks 81
Pats, ctls 960 Pelts, No. 11«
Bean?, skn 2,406 Hides, No. 675
Potatoes, sks .. 1.020 Quicksilver, flks 12.:
Onions, sks 3©<J Leather, rolls . . 101
Bran, eks 401; Wine, gals 10.150
Middlings, sks.. 10 Tallow, ctls .... 15
Hay, tons 80a Paper, reams. . . 1,270
Straw, tons .... 10 Powder, cars . . 1
Bait & Ohio pf d 86
Canadian Pacific.. 2.10O 221 ?i 12O>, 12H4
Central of N J 157
Clies & Ohio 1.200 31U 30'4 31»i
Chi & Alton 200 21^ 21ia 21
Chi & Alton pfd 03'
Chi & Gt Western. 700 15% 15U 16%
Chi * Ot W B pfd 28VJ
Chi & N W 200 153 1.19 159
Chi Term & Trans 014
Chi Ter & Trn pfd 100 1SV4 18>4 1S><,
C C C & St Louis 70
Ctlo Southern 300 12% 12*i 12^4
Colo Sou 1st pfd 60
Colo Sou 2nd pfd. . 200 20\4 20 2O
Del & Hudson 100 156 156 150
Del Lack & West 235
Den & Rio Grande 400 23 23 23
Den & Rio G pfd.. 200 75*4 75 74
Erie 8,600 27?; 27*4 27%
Erie 1st pfd JkK) 66 65&£ CC
Erie 2nd pfd 1.300 *&% 4S 4K*g
Ot Northern pfd 16<>
Hocking Valley 67
Hocking Val pfd 79*4
Illinois Central ... 970 131% 131% 131
Iowa Central 1S*4
Ic wa Central pfd 30
K C Southern 20
K C Southern pfd 37
Lruls & Nash 3.700 103 102 1O2', 8
Manhattan L «(Xt 131 % 131*4 131%
Metropolitan St Ry 2,N» 111% 110% lllh
Mlr.n & St Louis.., 20O 56*, 56 50
Missouri Pacific .. 13.000 W*, 89% 9O*i
M» Kan & Texas. . 200 19 19 1S%
Mo Kan & Tex pfd 38
Nat RK of Mex pfd '40
N Y Central 4,300 119% 118% ll'J%
Norfolk & Western 700 01 60*i 61
Nor & West, prd 68
Ont & Western ... 2,000 21% 21 U 21%
Pennsylvania S,500 12C*i 122% 123
Pitts C C & St L-. 100 60 60 60
Reading 17,3L>0 49*4 4!<% 49%
Reading 1st pfd 75
Reading 2nd pfd 6S
Rock Island Co 8,100 20 »i 23*4 26 %
Rock Island Co pfd 1.3OO 63 62 OliVa
St Louts & S F 65
St L & S F 1st pfd 65
St L & SF 2nd pfd 700 48% 48 48
St Louis S W 100 14 14 li 7 ,*
St Louis S W pfd. 3<X> 34 1£ 33% :'»3%
St Paul 10,500 140 13si)» 189%
St Paul rid 172*a
Southern Pacific .. 600 43% 42^ 42%
Southern Railway. 2.500 21 2o% 2o%
Southern Ry pfd... 2U0 £4% 84% 85
Texas & Pacific... 1,300 2riV*i 25 25>, 8
Tol St L & W 200 19 19 lS» a
Tol St L & W pfd 27
Union Pacific 20,400 73*4 "2*, 73
Union Pacific pfd.. 100 £6 SO fc«
Wal,ash 20
Wabaeh pfd 1,400 S2*i 3O"i 32%
Whoel A L ErleJ.. 200 16 16 15%
Wis Central ...... 100 17 17 17
Wisconsin Cen pfd. .... .... .... GS
Express Companies —
Adams 223
American ISO
United States .... 100
Well?-Fargo 2C0
Miscellaneous —
Amalgam Copper.. 11.000 45% 44 45
Am Car & Foundry 10,800 23% 23% 25
Am Car & F pfd.. 1,300 79 77 Vi 78
Am Linseed Oil ... 100 11 11 10%
Am Lin Oil pfd 25
Am Locomotive ... 1.4C0 17 la 16*i
Am Locomo pfd... 700 84*4 »>3*4 84
Am Smelt fc Ref... 6,600 42 40% 41%
Ato Smelt &. II pfd. SCO »0 DO $9%
Am Sugar Ref .... 1.400 113 112 112*i
Anaconda Min Co 72
Brooklyn Rap Trn. 4,800 37% 3'j% a7*4
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 300 42*4 41T6 42>*j
Columbus & H Coal 400 14 13U Vi\i
Consolidated Gas .. 400 170*4 I7ii',i 171
General Electric .. 1,200 1G5 153*4 150
Internat Paper 12
Intermit Paper pfd 64
Internat Pump 34%
Internat Pump pfd *•; 70
National Biscuit 37%
National Lead 300 14 14 14
North American .. 200 74 74 73*4,
Pacific Mall 20%
People's Gas 400 »3 92% 92 } o
Pressed Steel Car.. 3,100 35*4 34 35
Pressed 6 Car pfd.. 100 77 77 77.
Pullman Pal Car .213
Republic Steel 800 8*4 9» s l>>;
i Republic Steel pfd. 800 62% 62 62
i Rubber Goods 16
! Rubber Goods pfd C8
Tenn Coal & Iron.. 3,800 34% 03^ 34^
U 8 Leather DOO 7% 7** 7*g
U S Leather pfd... 100 77*4 77*4 77*4
IT S Rubber .: % 700 11*4 11 11
U 6 Rubber pfd... 21K) 40 40 38*i
U 8 Steel 56.3OO 18 17 17%
U 8 Steel pfd 9,500 G&% vn% 68*4
Western Union .... 100 81*4 Sl*i 82
Total ssies ...1S7.30O
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK. Sept. 19. — United Railroads of
Pan Francisco bond transactions: 14,000 at
$79 50.
NEW YORK BONDS.
U B ref 2s reg..lOO*4.|Hocklng Val 4*£s.lO4%
Do couo 110 L & N unif 4s... 98%
Do S« r«c ....108 Manhat con g 4s.l01%
Do coui> 108 Mexican Cen 4s.. 72
I>o new 4s reg.135% Do let inc ... 10^4
Do coup 135*g Minn & St L 4s. 96
Do Old -«i ieg.lOU*4 M K & T -it .... OS
Do coup 1C3*4 Do 2ds 77*4
Do Cs re? ....101*4 Nat of Mex c 4s. 70
Do coup 101 *i K V Cen ten 3*4s. 95%
Atchison jen 4s. 99% N J Cen *en 5s. 128
Do adjust 4s.. 90*6 Northern Pac 4s. 100%
Atlantic C L 4s. 76 Do 3s 71
Bait & Ohio 4s.. 101*4 N'or & W cen 4s. 96%
Do 3*is 93 Ore S L 4*£Part. 80
Central of Ga 6s.lO5*4 Penn conv 3*4s.. 05%
Do 1st *nc ... 74 Reading gen 4s.. 94%
Chen & Ohio 4HS.102 EtL&I M con f>s.lll
Chi & Alton iVis. 73»i !H L & S V fc 4s. RO*i
! C B & O new 4s. 92 St L S W Jets... 93%
j U M&StP K<;n 4s.l04 !?caboard A I. 4s. 77
C & N W con 7s.l30% Uouthern Pac 4s. S(t*i
i C R I & P 4s... 72*4!fiouthern Ry f»s..ll3
: Do col 5s 74%)rexad & Pac let».114*4
j CCC&St L ien 4s. 96 Tol St L & W 4s. 71
; Chi Terminal 4s. 7.T Union PaclHc 4s. »O%
Con Tobacco 4s.. 5G Do conv 4% ... 93%
, Colo & South 4g. 84 IT 8 Steel 2d 5s. 75*4
L Denver & II G 4s. «.I8% Wabash leu 114%
! Erie prion lien 4s. 06% Do deb n 57*i
j Do gen 4« 83 W & L Erie 4s. 86
Ft W & D C lnts.102% Wlscon Cen 4s.. 89
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 15 Little Chief ... 00
Alice ... .;:,... 17 Ontario 5 00
Breece 15 Ophlr 1 80
Brunswick Con . 06 Phoenix 08
Comstock Tun .. Ort',3 Potost 23-
Con Cal <& Va..l 40 Savage 28
Horn Silver 1 00 Sierra Nevada.. fiO
Iron Silver .... 1 75 Small Hopes ... 25
Leadvllle Cen . . 02 Standard 3 00
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — I Adventure !*. 6
Call loans 4*405 Allouer 4%
Time loans 5 ©6 Amalgamated ... 45
Railroads — Daly W«««t 30«,J
Atchison C5 Blngham 22*a
Atchison pfd .... 89*i Cal & Hecla 450
Boston d. Albany. 2J0 Centennial 17*4
Boston & Maine.. 168 Copper Range ... 65%
N y. N II & 11.193*4 Dominion Coal ... 70
Fltchburg pfd 134 'Franklin 8
Union PaclHc 72%! IM* Koynla 7
Mexican Central.. 10% I Mohawk 40
Miftrellaneous — jOecenla 58*4
American Sugar. .112 *4 Parrot J9
Am fiuear pfd ..117>/> Qulncy , 88
Am Tel & Tel... 130 ! Santa Fe Copper. 1*»
Dom Iron A Steel. 10 %\ Tamarack 90
General Electric. .154 Trinity C*g
Mars Klectrlc 19 I UniU-d States . 19
Mara EJec-pfd... "H Utah SKli
United Fruit ....10<> Victoria 3%
tf S Steel 17% Winona 7
U S Stetl pfd.... CSV*. Wolverine C3
Minlnz—
Bffinn 0 to 11:30 a. m. '
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ..$1 13 $1 14 $1 13 $1 13%
OATS — Closed the week with no ! further
change In prices and dealers reporting a steady
market.
White. $1 2CVQ1 32H; Black, $1 45@1 C5;
Red. $1 20© 1 22>/4 for common and $1 25® I 35
for choice; Gray, fl 27*4 per'etl.
CORN— There U no change in the situation
here. The Chicago letter of Bolton. De Ruy
ter & Co. says: "Damage by recent frosts Is
entirely a matter of theory, but the One
weather throughout the West is a fact that Is
apparent. Corn Is largely weather, and it
naturally occasioned quite general selling.
There Is nothing in cash situation to. stimu
late speculative ' cohfldence or to materially
arlvancrt prices. Indications are that with good
wrather receipts will Increase. Corn Is in
much the eame position as Wheat, inasmuch
as it has had a sharp break. With good
weather we doubt if any , continued advance
can be maintained and think we would sell
Corn on hard spots. Winters says: 'It still
looks as though Corn should be sold on the
rivlllee.' "
Western, tsckod, (1 42&«jl 45 for Yellow,
tl 42*4 for Whltt and $1 40 for mixed; Cali
fornia large Yellow, $1 60^1 55; small round
do. $1 70fil 75: White. $1 M per ctl.
HYE — Quoted firm at $1 25®1 30 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— ?2 25«2 50 per cU.
FUTURES.
Feed, $1 12%@l 15; Shipping and Brewing.
II 20@l 25; Chevalier, $1 £0@l 60 for talr to
choice.
California Club, $1 4501 52K: California
White Australian, $1 5501 CO;'Northern Club.
$1 43©1 50: Northern Blue Stem, SI 65S1 67Vi:
Oregon Valley, $1 52%.
FUTURES.
Session 0 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ..|1 42 Vi |1 42% fl 41% $1 42^
May... 1 42M. 142^ 142^ 1 42M>
BARLEY — The weak closed on a quiet and
unchanged cash market, with lower futures.
CASH BARLEY. " .
There was a drop of 3c in futures in this
market, with the bears hammering prices to
get them down to an export basis. Whether
they will be able to do this remains to be
«een, as the country holders are very firm
and the millers are active seekers for sup
plies In the country. As yet cash quotations
remain unchanged. The supply throughout
the State is light.
CASH WHEAT.
WHEAT — The foreign markets showed little
change. Chicago reported excellent buying.
The Chicago letter of Bolton. De Ruyter & Co.
nald: "There is no change In the general
conditions. Cables are fairly steady and fine
weather prevails throughout the West. There
was little export business at the decline. Cash
markets on tho whole are rather less snappish
than for some time past. 'World's shipments
are estimated to be quite large. The market
has had four days of declining prices and
about 1 cents per bushel break. Under nor
mal conditions it ehould have some reaction.
Our views on the tendency, however, do not
change. With a fair movement from the in
terior, and export demand on Its present basis,
cr oven with a small increase, we are in
clined to think prices are likely to drag and
that wheat should be sold on the rallies. We
are now at the beginning of a period when
ftoeks Increase and bull markets are usually
hard to maintain. Our Mr. Bangs says: 'Bulls
are a rather demoralized set. and some of the
most pronounced are out of the market at
present, awaiting the expected movement in
the Northwest. To-day is the first day for
eigners hava shown any Interest and have
taken any wheat. Possibly their buying may
stop any further decline, but it is the on'y
thing which will tighten our market, wllh
present existing feeling. Corn was heavy
and this only added to weak feeling in
whfcat.' "
Wheat and Other Grains.
APPLES — 90c<3$l 25 per box for fancy. 50j>
75c for cood to choice and 23@40c for com
mon.
PEARS — Bartletts. $1 2C@1 60; winter varie
ties. 40<E7ric per box.
QUINCES — lOeeuc per box.
FIGS — 40c©$l per box, according to size of
box. *
PRUNES— 6o@73c per crate and 50@C0c per
box.
PEACHES — Small boxes, 50375c; carriers,
6O@75c; large open boxes, 00®75c; per ton, $20
@25 for Salwayn.
POMEGRANATES— C0@75c for small boxes
and $2 50 for large.
GRAPES — Seedless, 75@00c per box or crate;
Isabella. 60tI75c per crate: other varieties, 25®
5Oc for small boxes; 50@75c for crates and 75c
@$1 for large open boxes; Wine Grapes, $2o@
25 per ton for ZinfandeL
MELONS — Cantaloupes, $1 25©2 50 per
crate; Nutmeg Melons, 40c@$l per box; Wa
termelone, 10{f20c each.
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges, $2. 50@3 for fan
cy Valencia*. $1 "5Q2 25 for choice and $1 259
1 50 for standard; Seedlings, $1&1 25; Lemor.s.
$1Q3 per box; Grape Fruit, $1 75$2 25; Mex
ican Limes, $S@9; Bananas, nominal; Pineap
ples, $2&3 per dozen.
A large portion of the receipts of Raspber
ries and Strawberries arrived too late for the
regular trade and had to be sold below, the
quotations. Available suppplies cleaned up
quickly in the morning and there was a r harp
advance in prices of Raspberries. Blackberries
and Huckleberries were steady. There was
nothing new In Citrus or Tropical Fruits.
STRAWBERRIES — $2@3 per chest for Ms-
Ilndas and $3 .Wg4 for other large varieties;
Longworth*, $4«j5 per chest.
RASPBERRIES — $(MJ8 per chest.
BLACKBERRIES— $2@3 60 per chest for or
dinary and *5$?(! for fancy from Santa Cruz.
HUCKLEBERRIES— &98o per lb.
As usual on Saturday the local demand for
fruits was brisk and the market was quite ac
tive during the greater part of the day. Ap
ples and Pears stood hs previously quoted,
with fancy in good request and steady and
common offerings abundant and dull. Prunes,
Quince3 'and Pomegranates ruled steady at
previous prices. The canncrs were offering $15
per ton for Quinces, but no sales were reported
at that figure. ' Peaches were plentiful and
fancy stock was not taken as freely by the
local trade as on the preceding day, tho high
prices having checked the demand somewhat.
Saljvays in bulk moved rather slowly, the 'tan
ners being indifferent buyers. A few small
lots of Clingstones in bulk cold to the canners
at $30 per ton. Figs arrived freely in all kinds
of packages and continued to sell at a wide
range. Table Grapes were in free supply and
in fair request. The Seedless variety were a
little easier, but continued to move off well.
Offerings of Isabella in crates were liberal and
included much poor stock, which dragged at
easy rates. There was a limited demand for
choice offerings of other varieties in crates for
shipment on the Portland steamer, but sup
plies were too large to permit any advance in
prices. The canners 'purchased several lots of
river Muscat in bulk at $25 per ton. Wine
Grapes moved freely and occasional lots con
taining a large percentage of sugar command
ed a small premium over the quotations.
There were liberal receipts of Watermelons
and as the demand was rather slack prices
had a further decline. Nutmeg melons were
nnnly held in the early morning at 75c@$l per
box, but the light receipts proved excessive at
those prices and the best offerings could be
bought in the afternoon at 40@50c per box.
Cantaloupes, too, were easier and only a small
percentage of the receipts brought the maxi
mum quotation: There was quite a surplus
of both kinds unsold at the close.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
The Hongkong Maru took out for Hongkong
a treasure list of $132,473. consisting of $2625
In gold coin. $150,348 In Mexican dollars and
$30,500 In Eilver bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 83
Sterling Exchange, sight ........ — 4 87
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 88
New York Exchange, sight — 07#
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — , 10
Silver, per ounce , — / 67%
Mexican Dollars, nominal — 45%
Exchange and Bullion.
LOCAL MARKETS.
If is seldom that the market is so quiet and
tame, as it has been for the past week. Th«
stores seem deserted and while there does not
appear to be much stock on hand there is not
much moving out. Quotations for all descrip
tions of Butter, Cheese and Eggs stand an be
fore.
Receipts were 44,800 lbs Butter, 625 cases
Eg*s and 22,400 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER — Creamery, 30c and occasionally
Sic for extra* and 2tS@2Se for seconds; dairy.
V14f24c: store Butter. 17Vi@19c; cold storage,
2-J@25';; Eastern, 22© 24c per lb.
CHEESE — New. 12@13c; Young America.
13@14c; Eastern, 15@16c; Western, 14@15j
per lb. ,
EGGS— Ranch, 36@37%c for large white se
lected and 30@C5c for fair to choice; store.
22M>®27c; cold storage. 24@2Uc; Eastern, 22&{f
27}4C per doxen.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
77c; BlOestem. 81c: -Valley, 80c.
The steamer South Portland cleared to-day
for San Francisco with 11,050' centals of wheat.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Sept. 18.— Wheat— Unchanged;
Bluestem, 83c; Club. 79c.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Sept. 10.— Wheat— Walla Walla,
Northern Wheat Market.
Local bank clearings make their usual weekly gain.
Shipment of $192,473 in specie to Hongkong.
¦Xew York stock market quiet and unchanged.
Local stocks and bonds without feature.
Wheat futures drop 3c. Barley futures also Unvcr.
Octs, Corn ar.d Rye unchanged.
Hay and Feedstuff s as previously quoted.
Beans firmly held, with a fair demand.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs very quiet and featureless.
Provisions lower again at Chicago and unchanged here.
Hops firm. Hides easy. Wool market in better condition.
Meat market well supplied and unchanged.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables not materially changed.
Poultry and Game well cleaned up at the close.
Fresh Fruits in brisk demand and steadv.
EVAPORATED APPLES — The market is
unchanged, though the undertone Is perhaps a
shade steadier and futures are rather more
firmly held. Common are quoted at 335c;
prime at SU@5-y*c; choice at 6@0Hc and 7%c.
PRUNES— Are in fair jobbing demand and
holders show considerable firmness. Quota
tions are ctlll ranging at 3c for all grades.
Spots, firm: extra choice at 9\@10}ic, and
fancy. 10%®12c.
PEACHES— Are about steady at 7Vi@7%c
for choice and 79t,@8%c for extra choice. ;
DRIED FRUITS,
NEW YORK, Sept. 10. — FLOUR — Receipts,
23,720; exports, 12.325. Flour was quiet and
rather easier. Winter patents. (3 9O34 30;
winter straights, $3 75@3 60; Minnesota pat
enis. $4 7O@4 95; winter extras, $2 90@3 25;
Minnesota bakers', $3 85®4 10; winter low
grades, ?2 7O@3 00.
WHKAT— Receipts. 34.335; exports, 56.182.
Ppot, easy: No. 2 red. 8.3 %c elevator and 84%c
f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth, &l%c
f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Manitoba, 03i£c f.
o. b. afloat. * Options declined this morning on
lowtr cables, clear weather, more receipts and
room condition. The market closed weak at
lo net loss. May closed WV«c, September
clceed NVK.C and .December closed 85%c.
HOPS — Firm; State and Pacific Coast me
dium to choice. 20@30c.
HIDES— Steady; California, 21 to 25 pounds.
10c; Texan, dry, 24£f30c. • -—
WOOL — Firm; domestic fleece. 28@32c.
COKFEE — Spot Rio, steady: No. 7 Invoice,
najic: mild, steady; Cordova, 7@llc The mar
ket for futurea opened steady at an advance
of 5 to 10 points on the higher European ca
bles, email receipts and bullish views regard
in); the probable size of the crop, but during
the session turned easier on realizing and was
fairly steady* tt net unchanged prices. Sales
wore 18,750 baga. Including October at 4.40c;
November, 4.4&@4.&Uc; December, 4.70@4.75c;
January. 4.80c. March. 4.90@4.95c; May, *5.10©
0.10c; June, fi.OOc. and July. 5.20©5.25c.
SUGAR— Raw. firm; fair refining, 3%c; cen
trifugal, 90 test. 3%c; molasses sugar. 3%c;
refined. 3c; No. 8, 4.5Oc; No. 7, 4.4oc; No. 8,
4.40c; No. 9, 4.35c; No. 10, 4.S0c; Njk. 11. 4.25c;
No. 12 4.20c; No. 13, 4.15c; No. 14, 4.10c; con
fectioners' A, 4.75c: mold A. 6.10c; cut loaf,
5f)0c; crushed, 5.60c; powdered, S.uOc; granu
lated. 4.90c; cubes, 5.13c
New York Grain and Produce.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
325. Eurplua. $13,173,625; decrease. $2,108,575.
Kx-Unlted States deposits, $22,513,975; decrease,
$2,180,200.
SEATTLE, Sept. 10.— Clearings. |561,230:
balances, $104,830.
TACOMA. Sept. 10.— Clearings, $372,275;
balance*, 1*53.447.
PORTLAND. Sept. 19.— Clearings, $415,788;
balances, ?42,615.
SPOKANE, Sept. 1».— Clearings, $320,108;
balances, {56,840.
Northern Business.
SUGAR — The, Western Sugar Reflnlne Com
pany quotes as follows; per lb. in lOO-Ib bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 6.S.V;
Powdered, 5.70c; Candy Granulated. 5.70c; Dry
Granulated, fine, R.60c: Dry Granulated, coarse.
5.60c: Fruit Granulated, 5.60c; Bfet Granulated
(ICO-lb bags only). — : Confectioners" A, S.ttOe;
Magnolia A. 5.20c; Extra C. 0.10c; Golden C.
6c: "D." 4.90c; barrels. 10c more: -half bar
rels. 25c more: boxes. 5Oc more; 50-lb bags.
10c more for all kinds. Tablets — Half barrels.
(i.lOc: boxes. 6.35c per lb. No orders taken for
less than seventy-five barrels or its equivalent.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 6U
©7c per Ib; White Lead. G^'STc- according to
quantity.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil In bulk,
14c; Pearl Oil In cases. 20t$c: Astral 20'^e 1
Star. 20%c; Extra Star. 2*£c: Elaine. 28%c;
Eocene. 23Hc; deodorised Stove Gasoline in
bulk. 17c: In cases. 23'i c: Beazlne, in bulk.
13c: in cases. 19 %c: 86-degre« Gasoline, In
bulk. 21c: in cas«s. 27%c.
TURPENTINE — "So per gallon in cases and
73c In drums and iron barrels.
OIL — Linseed. 49c for boiled and 47c for raw
In barrels; cases. 5c more: Castor OH. in cases.
No. 1. 70c: Bakers' AA. $1 10®l 12; Lucol, 44c
for boiled and 42c for raw In barrels; Lard Oil,
extra winter strained, barrels, 00c; cases, 05c;
China Nut, 55Q70C per gallon; pure Neatsfoot,
In barrels. 75c: cases. 80c; Sperm, pure, 75c;
Whale OH. natural white. 50055c per gallon-
Fish Oil. in barrels. 45c; cases. 50c; Cocoanut
Oil. In barrels, 5Sc for Ceylon acd 55c for Aus
tralian.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New Wel
lington, $8; Seattle, $6 CO; Bryant, $t> 50; Bea
ver Hill. $5 50: Stanford. $7: Roslyn. $7; Coos
Bay. $5 CO: Greta. $7: Wallsend. J7; Rich
mond. $7 50; Cumberland, $13 In bulk and
$14 25 In sacks: Welsh Anthracite Egg. SU;
Welsh Lump, 911 CO; Cannel. (8 50 per tan;
Coke. $11 C0@13 per ton In bulk and $15 In
tacks: Rocky Mountain descriptions, JS 45 per
2C00 lbs and *S 50 p«r ton. according to brand.
BAGS — Grain Bags. 5®o^ic; San Quentln.
5.53c: Wool Bags. 32335c; Fleec« Twlno, IVaft
8c; Cctton Frutt*Bags. 6'Ac, 6\c and 7V4c for
the three grades; Brown Jute, 0%@7Hc
General Merchandise.
HOO9 — Live Hogs. 150 to 250 lbs. 6c; under
150 lbs, 5^e5%c: Sows, 20 pwr cent off; Boars.
50 per cent off. and Stags. 40 per' cent off from
above _ quotations.
during the last week and although the dally
receipts of Western and local stock were heavy,
the market .cleaned up well from I day - to day
and prices were steady throughout. The sev
enth car of Western for the current week came
In yesterday and was held over for to-morrow' a
market. Raceipta of local stock were, very
light and found prompt sale at sustained prices.
Game was steady in sympathy with Poultry,
and' although receipts were liberal, everything
cleaned up at previous • prices, • '
POULTRY — i'ourg Turkeys, nominal; Geese,
per pair. ?1 50@l 75; Goslings, J2®2 25;
Ducks, $4®5 per doten for old and |5@C
for young: Hens. $4 5005 60; young Roosters.
$5®«: old Roosters. $4 9005; Fryers, *3 SO0
4 50; Broilers. $3@3 CO- for large and $2 00-83
for small; Pigeons, $1 SO per dozen for old and
$1 50®2 for Squabs.
GAME— Rabbits. $1 25®1 75 per dozen: Hare,
(1 25 p*r dozen; Wild Doves, $1 per dozen.
American buyers secured a few parcels of
three-quarter • bred lambs and combing wools,
and also a moderate supply of medium at high
rates.
were firm and in sellers' favor. Merinos con
tinued In active competition and, they ad
vanced to the hiphest point of the series.
THE e AN FRA3S CISCO CAKL, SUNBAYp^SEPTEMBER : 1903.
Poultry and Game.
The Poultry market was unusually active
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
39
AUCTION SALES
y*^ -ft^ J5?s
Auction Sale
40 head BROKEN and UNBROKEN ilAREJ
and GELDINGS. Suitable for all purposes.
Also span stylish bay carriage geUinss, It*- — .
one single-footing saddle mar*.
Consigned from SUkiyou ana Laas-en counties.
* Sale Takes Place
Monday, September 21, 1903
At 11 a. in. at
SALESYARD. tfZi MARKET ST.
FRED M. CHASE & CO.. ,
Livestock Auctioneer*.
Horses now at yard.
fe SALE EXTRAORDINARY, fe
AUCTION SALE
or
HIGH-CLASS. STANDARD-BRED MARES.
COLTS. FILLIES AND GELDINGS.
From the Meek Estate, Haywards, Alameda Co.
Comprising the get of McKinney. Direct,
Ha-wthorne. Guide. Sidney. Fatlis. Richard*.
Elector. Wm. Harold, Welcome. Azmoon and
Stslnway.
And OABILAN STOCK FARM, property of
HON. JESSE D. CAUR. Salinas. Monterey Co.
Stallions. Mares, Colts and Fillies, by Nut-
wood Wllkes. Dictatus, Lottery. Ecce, Mam-
brtno Jr.. Fairmont. Boodle and Thor, a son of
Electioneer. A very largo proportion of ths
horses In this Mile are thoroughly brokan and,
can be driven by any one. To be sold by elec-
tric Urht.
TUESDAY EVENING. September 23. 1003.
At 7:43 o'clock, at
SALESYARD. 1T32 MARKET ST.. cor. Van
Ness ave.. San Francisco.
Send for catalogues. Horws at yard Septem-
ber 26. Will be sho-nrn at farm. ,(Iaywardi and
Salinas, at any ttme prior to that date.
FRED H. CHASE & CO..
Succes^rs to Killir & Co..
Livestock Auctioneers.
iT\_ Just arrived and will be sokl at auction.
>-^ 17 coed WORK and DRIVING HORSED,
also a lot of surreys, express wwm, rubber-
tire bujtsles and carts, anil 11 set* of s!n«!a
and double harness, at 114D Folsom st, TUES-
DAY, September 22. at It a. m.THE SAIST FKANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 20, 1903.
40
REAL ESTATE^FOR SALE — CITY.
~ W "~ AT AUCTION!
AT AUCTION!
TUESDAY. SEPT. 20. at 12 M.
AT OFFICE BURNHAM & MARSH CO.
211 Montgomery St
GRAND VAN NESS AVE. CORNER.
Being southeast corner of Van Ness ave
and Eddy st. ; extra large lot. 118 6-12 feet on
Van Ness ave. by 123 feet on Eddy st; flnely
built 2-story flat buildings on Van Ness ave.
and one 3-story building on Eddy at; present
rents $4S0 a month; no leases: rented very
low; rents can be largely increased by rais-
ing building and changing into an apart
inent-house or family hotel.
SIXTEENTH-ST. COTTAGE.
3739 Sixteenth st./ 225 feet west of Castro;
large lot. 30x100; flnely built cottage of 7
rooms and bath; 2 wood mantels and light
high basement: splendid view of city and bay;
extraordinary flne terms; only $25O cash if da.
sired, balance $25 a month. Interest Included,
' at 0 per cent.
SIXTEENTH-ST. LOT.
South side of Sixteenth st.. 150 feet west of
Castro; size 25xlC0; has flne view of city and
bay; Just the place for two flats.
TEHAMA-ST. INCOME PROPERTY.
256 Tshama St.. between Third and Fourth;
lot 25x80. backing up to Howard st. ; frontagt
2 flats and rear house: rent $34 a mond.
PARK LOT!
East line Ninth, ave.. 80 feet north of t,
st; size 24x100.
SALE- TUESDAY. SEPT. 23. at 12 M.
Offlc« or BURNHAM & MAR3H CO..
211 Montgomery st.
E. CURTIS, Auctioneer.
BURNHAM & MARSH CO..
211 Montgomery at.
THIRD ST.. NEAR MARKET.
Large corner; 8250 square feet of land; pays
about 4 per cent net on old Improvements gM
no leases; has 1S5 feet frontage for light.
PAY3 11 PER CENT NET.
$36,000— Only one-half cash; new building oa
Post st; S minutes' wa!k from Kearny su
CHOICE GROCERY CORNER.
Paya 7 per cent net.
$13,500 — Two stores and 2 flats; choice W. X,
location.
COR. TWENTY-FIFTH AND HOWARD.
Large corner. 07:6x115, fronting 8 streets; flaa
lot for church, school or flats; must ba sold.
PAYS $30 A MONTH.
$3250— Store and flat on Eleventh st, ,
PAYS $40 A MONTH.
$5750— Nlnth-st. business property. •
PAYS $26 A MONTH- S
S2S0O— Storo and flat in Mission.
BURNHAM & MARSH CO..
211 Montgomery st.
BUSINESS PROPERTIES
For Sale by
GUY T, WAYMAN. 129 MONTGOMERY ST.
$70,000.
Downtown corner, close to Post and Powell;
stores and offices; well rented.
$82,500.
Union Square vicinity; large, lot; the center
of retail business district.
$105,000.
Half 50-vara; Sutler st.. close to Stockton;
brick improvements: rent nominal.
$95,000.
Rents $7400; one tenant: right down town;
large lot. 80x137:6: modern improvements;
S43, 0C0 mortgage; will take part exchange.
$45,000.
Large lot, close to Ellis and Jones sts.: fair
improvements and good Income; lot alone worta
selllns price.
.$30.00O.
New brick building In center of business dis-
trict; one tenant 3 years' lease.
?50,Gi>0.
Van Ness ave. corner; contains 7000 square
feet: flne apartment or hotel site.
?22,5C0.
Sixth st.-. 70x165 to rear street; pays bank
Interest now and only rear of lot improved;
see this for a' bargain.
$19,500.
Washington st, Inside of Van Ness ave.; ft
50-vara; covered with buildings.
$12,000.
Prominent corner south of Market St.; 3
frontages; large lot 35x150, and rents over 9
f Cent n6t - $11,500.
Third St.. close to Harrison; a sure turn la
this lot.
$12,000.
Sixth st, BOxSO; close to Harrison; well
Turk and Gough. Opposite Square.
65x120, 3 frontages, comer.
60x120, 2 frontages, corner; Gough and Elm
ave.
60x120, 2 frontages, corner, Turk and Gougfc
sts. : - -\
RAYMOND. ARMSTRONG & CO..
Real Estate. Room 2, 7th floor, Mills Bldjr.
$0,000 — College Heights; lot 37:6 front; mod-
ern residence. 7 rooms, bath. etc. ; stable,
carriage house, poultry yard, garden; a
charming home. ~,^.^v
$¦^000 — Lake st. near Third ave.: lot 30x100;
2 up-to-date flats of 6 and 7 rooms; an-
nual rent $750; a flne investment.
$3,250 — Page-st. corner, near the Park; 23x90;
flne residence with attic and finished
basement; 10 rooms, bath. 2 toilets, fur-
nace: will be sold on very easy terms
at low interest: a bargain.
$5 250— First ave. boulevard: lot 25x120; 2
modern flats? rents $516 per month; a
rapidly improving district.
$3,100— Welsh st. near 4th; lot 20x80; 5 flats;
rents $4 to $10: total annual rentals
$444; water for all only 92 40.
«14 <xx> — Market St.. corner Castro; large lot; a.
splendid locality for flats, which would
rent promptly and pay handsomely.
$15,000— Presidio Heights; modern colonial
residence. 10 rooms, bath, etc.; north
side of street: flne neighborhood; furnace.
$16,000 — Presidio Heights corner: residence ©£
12 rooms. 2 baths and toilets; furnace.
Ross Valley— Splendid lots In Ross Valley Park;
mostly all sold; a few left; will open up
adjoining tract this fall in lota and
acreage; lots wooded or open; level or
hillside; can suit all classes of desirable
people.
RAYMOND. ARMSTRONG & CO..
B. GETZ. ROOM 22. CHRONICLE BLDO,
OWNER AND DEALER.
Ocean Heights and Ocean Boulevard Lotst'.l
New Level Block on the Market.
All Lots and Corners Have Grand Oceaa View,
FlrstCome — First Served.
$100 to $400;- Splendid Bargains; $5 Monthly.
1DTH AVENUE BOULEVARD LOTS'.!!
THE CREAM OF THE SUNSET!!!
LOOK AT THEM YOU'LL LIKE THEil
Elevated— Level— Graded— Ready to Build Oa
On Very Easy Installments.
EXCELSIOR HOMESTEAD LOTSt!?
WARM BELT OF THE MISSION!!!
If You Haven't Seen Them Go at Once!
Choicest "Home" Bldg. Lots. ...Perfectly Level
$150 up $5 month On Mlsslon-st car Una
$300 to $1200 Sunset and Richmond Lots!!!
$1000 to $5000— New Cottages— Easy Terms.
Sunset, Richmond and Excelsior.
"Buy Direct from Owner" Title Perfect.
$1600— HOUSE. S rooms and bath; 423 Doug-
lass fct. : lot 25x125; house open from 10 a.
m. to 4 P m. Sunday only, or call at cigar
store. SW. corner Sixth and Mission sta.
I6T.0O— 2 MODERN new flats: only 1 block
from Market and Sixteenth. Inquire 5j
Beaver st. ; an extra good Investment.
A F i rT§ aA Sr S ST C ?S :re c^P I S- ST?
EEE OWNER ON PREMISES.
BUILD on your unimnroved realty: we loan
full cost imorov. and part lot at 0 per | cent.
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker building.
FOR sale-House 9 rms.; high *»semeni:_ sunny
side 19th. bet. Valencia and Mission no rea j.
offer refused. Stephens & Co.. t-n!on-sq. Mkt.
RENT saving home: Just finished: nice cottage
of 5 r£m? and bath; on your^ own terms.
JACOB HEYMAN CO.. H> Su« ef St.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cent*-The W«Wy Call
1G pages, in wrapper, for mal.ln*. $1 D«r MW
United State* or Canada one year for $1.
mvM * T nT IV CALIFORNIA.
California terminus of the Santa Fe
RatlroVd °nd Standard Oil Company U at
Ctt/Sr Richmond. Juat across the bay from
c»»f Vrancisco where these corporations to-
efther with southern Pacific Railroad are
Sffiw millions of dollars, which will
make It the greatest manufacturing city on
.the Paclflc Coast. per
v a rnnA way to save and make money. Maps
u£ \dJrUs RICHMOND LAND COii-
p^ N y' Crocker building. San Francisco.
"" THE BE*T POINT RICHMOND LOTS
AltR IS THE SANTA FE TRACT.
$5 per month. ALL LEVEL.
IMcEWEN BROS.. 118 Montgomery st.
Sole Agents.
WATER front lots and bargains; all tracts;
maps, photos, etc. BELL. 417 Parrott bid*.
REAL ESTATE FOR SALE CITY.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
25 POST ST.
-«.'.-•.' • . ' ¦ f~ ¦ ..•¦-¦
$8,500— Twenty-first st, near Valencia: lot 50x
115; or house and 25 feet for $6500.
$20,000— Sixth' st. business property; 50x85;
stores, etc.; rents $125.
$4,500 — Liberty st, near Valencia; 2-story
house, 8 rooms and bath.
$32,500— Drumm st, near Market; 3-story
brick building; rents $150.
$11,000— Corner property: store and flats; large
lot, 75x75; near Eighth and Harrison.
$10.000— Guerrero st. 35x90; new building. 4
flats; rents $92 50; $0000 mortgage.
$7,100— Rents $71; large lot, 38x90; 2 stores,
2 flnts; Guerrero st
$60,000— 50-vara corner lot, 137:6x137:6; Gold-
en Gate ave.; residences; rents $225.
$7,000— Lake st; lot 30xlC0; rents $62 60; 2
new flats.
$4.000— Third ave.. near Lake st; lot 25x120;
rents $25; 2-story residence, 7 rme., etc.
$9,000— Rents $72 50; Broderlck st, . near
Washington; 25x110; 2 flats.
$10,750 — Washington st, close in; downtown;
rents $07 50; 3 flats.
$17.000— Clayton st. near Halght; 27:6x106:3;
rents $150: 3 new flats. .
$13,500— Foisom st, near Sixth; lot 25x165. to
rear street; two stores below, two floors
above: house on Shipley st. of 10 rooms;
rents $94 per month.
$6,0C0— Lewis St., off Jones, between Taylor
and Jones; three flats of 4 and 5 rooms;
rents ?47.
$6,000 — Clay st.. near Stelner, opposite Alta
plaza; key lot, 25xlO2:8Vi: exceptionally
well situated: abundance of light and
sun; residence of 6 rooms and bath!
splendid lot for new flats; mortgage of
$2500 can remain.' • _,
$7,500— Union st.. near Fillmore ; lot 30x100:
two flats of 6 and 7 rooms and bath
each; rents $65 r>er month.
$15,000— Make an offer; large lot. 55x120. on
Bush st. corner. In good neighborhood,
in central portion of Western Addi-
tion; present frame buildings of no val-
ue; all the money's worth In the land;
very suitable for flats; very sunny.
LET US MAKE THIS CLEAR,
Do not delay, but learn as others have learned
that Parnassus Helglits. the new aubdlvlslon
of home building lots, Is the most attractive
residence property In San Francisco. Close to
children's playgrounds, the aviary, buffalo pad-
dock, music stand, recreation grounds and all
of the principal attractions of Golden Gate
Park. Streets completely sewered and paved
with bituminous rock. Granite curbs, cement
sidewalks. Gas and water mains in all streets
and separate sen-ice to every lot fully paid for.
Also side sewers to each lot. All street work
done under the supervision of the Board of
Public Works and accepted by the city.
PRICES $1300 AND UP.
Terms easy; only part cash: go out and see
these lots at once; office on the grounds, cor-
ner H street and Seventh avenue. Open Sun-
days. All cars to the Park bring you to the
property.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
25 Post at.
McAFEE BROTHERS,
108 MONTGOMERY BT.
CHEAP CORNER ON MAIN STREET.
South of Market. ea*t of Eighth st ; lot 75x
75; store and flats; rents J87 60 monthly; price
$11,000; the rents are extremely low, should
rent for $140 monthly; a good buy.
GUERRERO ST.
Two flats and two stores; lot 36:8x87:6; rent-
ed for $71; price $7200.
BUSINESS PROPERTY.
East of Kearny; over "000 square feet; sollJ
brick, iron front; leased for $350 month; rents
can be raised at termination of lease; price,
$60,000.
SUTRO HEIGHTS.
ON EASY TERM£.
A FINE CHANCE
To secure a beautiful marine view lot over-
locking Golden Gate and the ocean; on main
driveway to Sutro Heights; gas and water in:
street cars pa.=s; these lots will soon be worth
big money; buy one on easy terms; prices only
$350 up to $550; you* won't get this chance
again.
MARINE VIEW RESIDENCE.
On Pacific HelghtB; splendid new residence
commanding marine view; everything the very
best; hardwood floor; billiard room; 2 baths;
furnace, etc. ; price $15,000.
FINE NEW FLAT3.
Near the park; 4 and 5 rooms; sunny; rent
$3S; price $4500.
LARKIN-ST. CORNER. ¦
Fine building corner. 35 feet frontage; sure
to increase in value: rents now for $122 month-
ly; a flne investment; price, $20,000.
WARM BELT OF THE MISSION.
Cottage of 5 rooms and bath; lot 25x122:6;
price reduced to $2600.
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS.
3a:7xll2:0; on bitumlnized street; only $2250;
key 1 lot.
McAllister, near fillmore.
North side; 105x137:6; or will subdivide; fln«
investment property; price, $24,000.
SACRAMENTO-ST. CORNER
60 feet frontage; both streets bltuminized and
accepted: cheapest corner in the "Weetern Addi-
tion; only $5000.
PRESIDIO WALL. '
Beautiful lot overlooking golf links; 30x120
feet; $1SOO; street work done.
Send for list of cheap lots In all parts of the
city. McAFEE BROTHERS,
IDS Montgomery st.
A. J. RICH & CO., Real Estate Agents.
112 Montgomery Street.
$110,000.
Bush St.; downtown Investment; good Im-
provements; paying 7 per cent net. j
?30,000.
Hayes st; business corner; well improved;
3 frontages; good Income.
530.000.
Post st; close to Union Square; rents $110-
old Improvements; lot has a depth of 137:6 ft •
J21.000.
Washington st.: up-to-date residence; all the
1 latest modern improvements; large lot. 50x
127:8%; marine view.
I $17,000.
! Harrison st: large corner, 06x100; near
Sixth st; improvements consist of store and
fltts; rents $137 50: always rented.
$17,000.
Sutter St.. near Fillmore: large lot, 62x137:6:
partly Improved; well rented; mortgage of
| $COOO can remain.
$16,000.
O'Farrell st, N. line; E. of Larkln; lot 23
xl37:6.
$13,500.
Fillmore st. : business Investment: between
Sacramento and Clay; store and flats above;
rents $00 per month.
$12,500.
Broadway; corner residence of 9 rooms and
bath; lot £0x112:6; unobstructed marine view.
$11,500.
Hyde St., near Sutter: key lot, 25x87:6.
$8250.
Commercial st, near Kearny; 3-story and
basement brick building; pays 10 per cent on
Investment.
$7760.
Masonic ave., near Waller st; new, modern,
improved residence; 9 rooms and bath; lot 25
xlOO.
$6650.
Modern Improved flats: Cherry St.; near
Clay; lot 25x110:6. A BARGAIN.
A. J. RICH & CO.,
112 Montgomery st. '
BARGAINS IN CITY PROPERTY. '
Sll'OO — Cheap: lot 55x114; on 25th St., near
Castro; make an offer; owner leaving.
Lots at Ingleslde and in Gift Map, $50 to
$100 each.
$13,000— Three flats on lot 25x120 on Fulton
St.. near City Hall; rents $82; good Investment.
$26,000 — Brick business block on Dupont et.,
near California: pays over 7 per cent interest
$3600 — Two modern well-built flats, 6 rooms
and bath each; lot 27:6x134; near Castro and
Sixteenth fcts.; -building alone cost more.
$28,500— Business property on Hayes st. near
Polk; large lot.
$40,000 — Large corner on Ellis st; rents over
$300. ¦
$SO0 — Only; cheap home in Sunnyside; house
4 rooms; lot 60x100.
$3175— Nice modern cottage, 5 rooms and
bath; lot 30x75; between Valencia and Mission
Ists. : easy terms.
$7500 — Three modern flats;Post st.nr. Baker.
$3000 — Nice cottage on Clipper st, nr. Castro
1$C000 — Business corner In the Mission; store
and flats; well rented. ,
. $12,000 — Corner on Washington st, near Du-
pont: three-story brick; rents $120.
, $18.000 — Howard st. near Fourth; store and
I rooming-house; rents $125 a month.
$15,000 — Two handsome houses, 0 rooms and
bath each; lot 33x125; on Washington st., near
Van Ness ave.; well rented.
ROTHERMEL & CO., 507 California 8t.
W. F. AMBROSE & CO.. — —
A snap; must be sold; an elegant 10-room
residence: In Aahbury Heights district; large
lot: two frontages; flats could be built on the
rear portion of this lot and would pay a hand-
some income; present rent of residence $50 per
: month; this property must be sold within two
1 weeks; make offer.
45:10x137:6; Battery-st. corner; would pay
big to improve.
25x137:6; two cheap flats; Western Addition;
rents $000 per annum; price $6000.
W. F. AMBROSE & CO.,
' ¦ 41 and 42 Chronicle building.
LESS THAN RENT. ~~
» A HOME SAVING.
5 room iind ¦ bath cottage for sale on Alvarado
st., near Hoffman ave. It only take* from $200
to $300 as a first payment. This is really all
that your home will cost you. The balance you
pay off the same as if In a rented house. , You
then get a new. modern. Well-built cottage In
a good locality, near cars and school. Call at
the office of the JACOB HEYMAN CO., 117
Sutter st. •
FOR sale — Modern 5-room cottage, bath. 40U3
Nineteenth. Apply - 4045 Nineteenth. >
REAL ESTATE FOR SALE— -CITY.
G. H. UMBSEN * **]£$%*£*£ „,
REAL ESTATE AGENT*.
$100,000— To close an estate; Market st; rents
$4200 per annum; 30xS0; three-Etory
and basement brick bulldin«r.
$75,000— Rents $3«ittO per annum; near Taylor
and Market sts.: business property;
50x80. » «_,-, «
$70,000— Mission St.; water lot; 45:10x137:0;
rents $4200 per annum.
$42,500 — Business corner on Larkin st: rents
$258U per annum; 50x73; good improve-
ments; if enlarged would pay a good
rate of Interest on the investment.
$16,500— Sunny corner on Webster St.; rents
$1350 per annum; 5 elegant modern flats
and lot. 27:0x87:0.
$13,000— Pacific Heights residence; 12. rooms,
basement, attic, wine cellar, etc.; grand
marine view.
$12,000— Rents $1200 per annum; 3 B ubstantlal
modern flats on Sutter st: 25xl3i :0; a
very cood" investment.
$9,500— Rents $780 per annum: a flne Invest-
ment on Htilcht st.: 3 sunny bay-
window flats; brick foundation, etc.;
25x137:6; a choice location.
$9,000— Rents $W«0 per annum; 3 elegant,
new, modern flats, near Duboce Park.
$8,000— Sunny corner on Sutter st ; 50x106:3;
both streets accepted.
$7,000— Rents $810 per annum; fine Western
Addition Investment; 2 flats and cot-
tare; 25x90.
$7,000— Near Golden Gate Park; S flats of
5-6 rooms each; built by d*y's work;
rents $612 per annum; 25xlO0.
$7,000 — Rents $750 per annum: an excellent
proposition; 2 flats and double cottage
on Oak st. running through to rear
street; 25x120.
$6.850— To close an estate; rents $660 per
annum: sunny side of Oak st.; a short
distance from Market: 2 flats; 6-5
rooms and bath each; bay-windows,
etc.; 25xS7:C.
$4,850— Rents $570 per annum: 2 flats and
rear house; near Sixth and Harrison
sts.-. 25x112.
$4,500 — To close an estate; rents $4S2 per
annum; Sacramento st; 2 flats and lot,
25x127 :8U.
$3,600— Business corner on Brannan st.;
30x75.
$3.250— Rents $300 per annum; Paclflc-st.
business location; 2 flats.
$2,500 — Thirteenth st.. near Valencia; 25xfl5. j
$2,500 — Cozy Mission cottage of 5 rooms; lot
25x114; warm belt.
$1.100— Fair Oaks st; building lot. 25x125.
For further particulars of the above and
for the Real Estate Record, containing a list
of properties for sale in all parts of the city,
inquire at our office.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
20 Montgomery St..
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers.
G H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery St.
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION •
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
Of Investment, residence and unimproved
properties will be held at our salesroom Mon-
day. September 21, at 12 o'clock noon.
MARY A. ROBERTS ESTATE.
Administrator's Sale.
The following three properties must be sold
to close the above estate, subject to confirma-
tion by the court:
0)
1S31-3 Ellis st.. bet. Pierce and Scott sts.;
improvements consist of 2 frame dwellings. 8
rooms and bath each; rents $65 per month; lots
30x75.
(2>
1S29 Ellis st. bet. Pierce and Scott: substan-
tial improvements consist of 3-story frame
dwelling of 12 rooms and bath; rent $45 per
month; lot 30x75.
<3>
Randall st.. north line. bet. Dame and Whit-
ney; desirable building lot. 25x125.
CHOICE EDDY-ST. HOLDINGS.
976 Eddy et. north line. bet. Franklin and
Gough; good, substantial 3-story frame dwell-
ing containing 12 rooms and bath; splendid
holding to remodel for flats or apartment house;
lot 37x120. with 2 frontages.
JACKSON-ST. LOTS.
Jackson St.. north side. bet. Hyde and Lar- |
kin; 5 very desirable building lots, suitable for .
residences or flats; rents are proportionately
higher in this section than In any other portion
of the city: lots 27:6x137:6 each.
1IISSION-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
Mission st. west line. bet. Eighteenth ani
Nineteenth; 2 choice building lots, in splendid
business location; 25x80 each.
GREEN-ST. RESIDENCE.
2427 Green et.. bet. Pierce and Scott; elegant
modern residence. 10 rooms and bath. In per-
fect order: rent $50 per month; this dwelling is
located In a very choice residence section; lot
27x127 :8U.
CHOICE MISSION CORNER.
Northeast ccrner Thirteenth and Isls sts., bet.
Foisom and Harrison: improvements consist of
store and 3 rooms, flat of 5 rooms and bath
and 2 dwellings of 6 rooms and bath each: all
in perfect order and steadily rented for $80 50
per month; lot 50x80.
CHOICE CORNER INVESTMENTS.
(1)
501 Harrison st, southwest corner First;
j improvements consisting of 5 flats. 8-6-5 rooms
! and bath each; rents $119 per month; lot 43x
100.
(2)
410 to 416 First st.. near Harrison; improve-
! ments consist of 4 flats 5 rooms each; rents $S0
per month: lot 75x73.
CHOICE MISSION FLATS. \
3755-7 Seventeenth pt.. tx?t. Church and San-
chez; Improt'ements consist of 2 bay-window
flats 5-6 rooms and bath each; rents $47 50 per
month; lot 25x100.
BRYANT-ST. CORNER INVESTMENT.
321 Bryant St.. southwest corner Ellery. bet.
First and Second: new, modern building con-
: tuinir.p 10 flats of 4-5 rooms and bath each; 1
f rents $93 per month : lot 25x80.
i CHOICE NOE-ST. BUILDING LOTS.
I Noc et.. east line. bet. Fifteenth and Market;
4 desirable building lots. 25x146. irregular.
For catalogue and further particulars apply
to G, H. UMBSEN & CO.,
20 Montgomery st.
SPECK & CO..
6C.7 Market st, opposite Kearny.
Real Estate Agenu and Rent Collectors.
Full Charge Taken of Property.
$155,000 — Battery St.. one block from Market
st; 100 ft frontage; want offer: a
grand buy.
$150,000— Modem 6-story brick building:
leased $1145 per month; assuming
mortgage $75,000. investment pays 11 '
per cent net: lot 60x137:6 feet; will !
take part exchange; want offer. n
$60,000— Fourth-st. corner; 75x100 feet: stores I
and flats: transfer corner; pays about
7 per cent net.
$50.0GO — Corner. S7xS5 feet: new building; an-
nual rents $5172; pays over 10 per cent.
$50,000 — Corner. 137:6x137:6 feet; good Im-
provements; mortgage $30,000 at S 1^ ;
per cent can remain; pays 8 per cent
net.
$4S,CO0— Second-st. ccrner, 1% blocks from
Market st. ; 47 foot front; cheapest
downtown corner for sale; a chance to
turn at good advance.
$25,000 — Bush Bt. near Grant ave.; 45x120
feet; two frontageB.
$19,000 — Corner business property; modern
I improvements; rents $104.
i $18,000— Fronting Golden Gate Park; rents
$180; splendid flats; lot 50x137:6 feet.
$17,000 — Sansome-st. corner; rents $132 50;
stores and one floor above.
$17,500 — Octavia-st. residence, 14 rooms and
baths; lot 33x137:0 feet; choice loca-
tion.
$16,500— Post-fit, flats; yearly rents $1770; lot
25:6x120 fe«-t; two frontages.
$15,000 — Comer Fillmore and Lombard; 137 :6x
12O feet: 3 frontages; want an offer;
on Lombard boulevard, finest driveway
from Presidio from Van Ness.
$7,000— Three good flats in Mission; rent $65
a month.
$6,500— Three fine flats, vicinity Eighteenth
and Castro: rents $58 a 'month; lot
25x125.
$5,250 — Fifth and Clementina; flne front and
rear improvements; leased 2 years at
$000 a year.
$5,000— Four good flat* in Mission; always
rented at $48 a month.
$5.500 — Washington «t. near Laurel; 60x
127:8 ftet: worth $0000; want offer
$2.650 — New cottage In Mission, 6 rooms and
bath; flne lot
$1,400— Corner lot. near Golden Gate Park:
25x100 feet.
$1,000— Lot 119x111; corner; cottage, 3
rooms; in Mission.
SPECK & CO., C67 Market St.
j $1200 — House. 5 room*; barn well; macadam
$350— Lot 4OxlC0; fenced; $10 month. "
$450 — Cabin. 1 room; lot 32x125; nr. station.
$400 — Lot 40x135; near electric cars.
$1400— Modern cottage. 5 rooms and bath;
city water; lot 50x100; $150 cash. $25 monthly.
J20OO — Two-story house; store and 11 rooms;
city water and well; broad street; macadam-
ized. , ¦;.;'." ¦
$1500— 5-roora cottage; redwood finish; elec-
tric lights; hot and cold water; easy payments.
$2500 — A natural park of about 1 acre, with
flne oak trees, ravine and superb views; near
university grounds and new hotel site
$2500 — Two-story. 9-room house, barn chick-
en *hed». well, fruit trees; grazing land ad-
Joining; lot 155x207; easy payments.
CHAS. A. BAILEY. 1050 University ave.,
near San Pablo ave.. West Berkeley.
FOR SALE — An elegant two-story modern
house containing 10 rooms and baths; on
Howard et.. near Twenty-first; can arrange
for bank loan of $6000 at 6 per cent; lot
75x122:6; the improvements could not be
duplicated for the whole amount, which is
$6500; any person wanting a snap, this is
the chance. Address L. C. CULL, Twenty-
fourth st and Potrero ave.
HAVE you seen some of the houses we are
building for people who have tired of paying
rent? Why can't we build one for you? We
know we can satisfy you as to terms, and as
for variety we own lots in all parts of the
' city. Give us a call; we will deal with you
squarely.
WE1SSBEIN BROS. & CO.. Owners,
616 Sacramento st., near Montgomery.
$11,000 — Income property south of Market st •
pays 10V4 Per cent net after deducting
all expenses.
! THORNE & CO.. 207 Montgomery st
I $1500—2 NEW flats of 4 and 5 r. and b; Army,
near Mission: will pay 20 per cent on invest-
ment. D. COFFIN & CO.. 3303 Mission.
REAL ESTATE FOR SALE CITY.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
¦ , • - ¦•' 638 MARKET STREET
• (Established 1875.) ¦
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
TUESDAY. SEPTEMB™^ 1903
At our Salesroom, 038 Market street.
v WESTER I
j N.E. cor. Webster and Fulton sts.; 3 elegant
flats of 5-6 rooms, porcelain baths, wooden
mantels, brick foundation- rents $100 month.
WEBSTER- ST. INVESTMENT. *
W. line of Webster st 37-6 ft. S. of Hayes;
Nos. 513-15-17-11) Webster; '4 elegant 2-story
and basement residences; modern plumbing,
patent flush toilets; renting for $H5 per month;
lot 75x00 feet. ,
FULTON-ST. INVESTMENT.
N. line of Fulton st. 78 ft. W. of Webster:
Nos. 7o8-74-76-78 Fulton Bt • 4 substantially
erected cottages; 'rents extremely low for $16
per month; mortgage of $2000 can remain;
large lot. 79:11x120 feet
SCOTT-ST. FLATS.
W. line of Scott st., 100 feet N of Ellis; Nos.
1311-1311A-1311^ Scott st- 3 elenant flats
containing 4-6-6 rooms and bath; rents $45 per
i month; could easily be Increased 20 per cent.
MINNA-ST. FLATS. ¦
S. line of Minna st., 65 ft. N.E. of Sth St.;
1 Nos. 663-6«3& Minna st.; 2 very beautiful bay-
window flats of 4 rooms and bath; rents $34 mo.
_ r MISSION FLATS. , n . '
W.. line of Potrero. ave 107:6 ft. N. of 21st
st.; Nos. 862-4-6 Potrero ave ; 3 beautiful new
flats, containing 5-9 rooms and porcelain baths,
tiled sinks, carved wooden mantles, gas grate;
modern In every respect- stable on the prem-
ises;, lot 29:3x100 ft.; mortgage of $3500 can
remain.
TURK-ST. BUILDING LOT.
S.W. cor. of Turk and Central ave.; particu-
larly desirable building site for the erection
of flats; lot level and ready for building; loi
27:0x110 feet.
MISSION COTTAGE.
E. line of Noe St., 103-4 ft. N of Laidley St.
and S^of 30th; No. 1730; well-built cottage of
4 rooms and bath and high basement, inclosed
j glass porch, flne stable; lot 30x115 feet.
MISSION INVESTMENT.
N.W. of 18th and Collingwood sts.; improve-
ments consist of a two-story frame building
containing a store and flat above, 6 rooms and
bath; stable in rear; rents $65 per month; lot
i 2Sx75 feet.
MISSION BUILDING SITE.
N.W. cor. Church and Valley sts.; magnifi-
cent building site In a particularly desirable
neighborhood; this property is so situated that
; It commands a beautiful view; lot 26:6x100 ft.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
638 MARKET STREET.
(Established 1S75.)
$20,000— Make offer; rents very low for $1956
per year; 3 stores with suitable living j
rooms and six flne bay-window flats of
3-5-6 rooms and bath, mantels; on Foi-
som St., close to «th; lot 50x90 feet.
$20,000 — O'Farrell st. and Van Ness ave.; 3
beautiful flats of 8 r. and h. ; rents $1920
per year; mortgage of $9000 can remain.
$14,000— Mission business property; rents low
at $1344 per year; two large stores and
elx bay-window flats on a main street,
close to 10th and Mission sts.; large lot,
60x110 feet.
$12,000— Golden Gate ave., near Jefferson
square; 2 fine flats of 6-7 r. and b. and
large stable on rear street; rents $996
per year; lot 27:6x120 feet.
$7,500— Rents $744 per year; 2 flats of 5-6 r.
and b. ; modern in every respect; on
Waller st.. near the Park; lot 25x137:6.
$7,230 — Rents $71 per month; new bulld.ng,
containing 2 large stores, 2 flats of 5 r.
and porcelain b., etc.; an exceptional
good buy In an established business por-
tion of the Mission;- 3d feet frontage.
$7,000 — Reduced from $8500; owner must Bell:
| present rentals are $1080 per year and
could be increased; two front flats of 5-6
rooms and bath and four flats in rear;
on Harrison st, near 9th; we can safely
recommend this property to be a snap;
large lot, 27x137 :« ft.; brick foundation
$7.000 — Presidio Heights residence; elegant
house of 7 r. and b. on Washington St.;
no better opportunity to secure a bar-
gain residence; lot 27:6xl27:8 1 ,i ft.
$6,000 — Fine building lot on Pine St.. close to
Van Ness ave.; 2 frontages; present im-
provements pny $510 per. year.
$5,000 — Frrced sale; 2-story residence of 7 r.
and b. ; flne stable In rear; large lot,
ii0xl37:6 ft.; lot alone worth asking
price; the best residence portion on
Stelner st.
$5,500 — Rents $024 per year; 3 fine flats, mod-
ern plumbing; lot 25x75 feet. • •
C4,"350 — May be less; Eddy St.. near Stelner;
nice house of 8 r. and b. ; large lot, 27x
100 ft., alone worth ¦ price asked.
$2.300 — Big snap; flne building lot on Fulton
St.. near Steiner; easily worth $2750.
$2,1(50 — Sacramento St.. close to Spruce St.;
flne lot, level and ready for building:
cement sidewalk; this is. actually the
cheapest lot In this neich borhood; 25x107
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
¦ C3S Market street.
R. n. CRANSTON & SONS,
REAL EM»ATE AND INSURANCE
BROKERS,
114 Montgomery st. 114.
IMPROVED PROPERTY FOR SALE.
$11,000 — Three handsome new flats, renting for
$1225 a year; well built and thoroughly
modern and In a select residence por-
tion of the city; 710 Clayton St., near
Halght. . ,
$7,000— Two sunny flats, renting for $690 a
year; on Scott st., near McAllister.
$3,250 — Rents $36; a good Investment; near
Sixth and Foisom sts.
$8,000— Four sclendid flats near Bush and
. Franklin ets.; rents $S16 a year; lot
00x60. ,
$9,500 — Three swell new 5-room flats on Cal-
ifornia 6t.; rents $100S a year.
$5,000 — A bargain on Pacific St., near Hyde;
2 flats of 5 and C rooms and bath; rents
$41 60; can he Increased.
$4,000 — A comfortable residence of '8 large
sunny rooms on Ashbury Heights.
BUILDING LOTS FOR SALE.
$0,500 — The best and cheanest lots in the
Park district; north side of Page, near
Cole St.; 50x137:6.
$3,650—30x106; flne level lot. on Ashbury st.,
near Waller; bltuminized street.
$1.700— A large, well situated lot on Ashbury
Heights; 30x85.
MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY.
Incorporated.
GEO. D. SHADBUUNE Jr.. Manager.
107-108 Crocker Building,
Cor. Post and Market streets.
PARTITION SALE.
$5,300— Rents $53; 3 bay-window flats. B, 5
and 6 rooms and bath; modern plumbing;
street bltuminized; near Howard and
Jlth sta.; great bargain.
FORECLOSURE SALE.
$4,800— Residence of 11 rooms; 50x125; beauti-
ful view; modern house; a great sacrifice-
nothing cheaper; located near 24th ana
Guerrero sts.; $1000 cash will purchase.
DOWNTOWN PROPERTY.
$10,500— Large lot; Howard St., near 1st; will
pay to Improve; suitable for any whole-
sale t.UHlness.
$6,000— Rent $000; 3 modern bay-window flats,
near Valencia and Market sts., on Elgin
Park.
$3,000 — Mortgage can stand; pays $35 on $3000
invested; a good downtown buy.
$10,000— Rent $100 per month; 3 modern flats;
near in on Post st.; Just built; would
cost $8000 to duplicate flats.
MANHATTAN LOAN CO. loan on real estate
. at 6 per cent per annum; loan full cost of
, Improvements and part lot 107-S Crocker bid.
HAWKS & SKELT0N.
Rents collected and Entire Charge Taken of
Property.
$13.000 — Taylor st. Investment, near Sutter;
lot 22:llxS7:6; new building here would
pay well.
$8,500— Fine house of ten rooms and large
.basement: Grove St.. near FlUmore; N.
Bide; good neighborhood.
$9,000— South side Washington st, near
Bakei: srood house; 8 rooms; sunny
garden; choice neighborhood. ..
$5,500— Lot north side Post St.. near Bu-
chanan; 25:10xU0.
$8,000 only for 19 -lots on Twelfth ave. and !
B St., between Point Lobos ave. and
Park; Twelfth ave. graded; must be
sold as a whole; a good Investment.
$5,100 — Lot on southwest' corner Larkin and
Lombard Ets.; 25x105; magnificent ma-
rine view from every window.
? $5,000— Lot on southeast corner Larkin and
Greenwich sts.; 60x02:6; elegant view
of city. Golden Gate and bay.
HAWKS <fe SKEL.TON. 323 Montgomery st.
$050 BUYS 4 level lots; 1 block from cars; $5
monthly. OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 Post st.
$600— RICHMOND building lots; It, block from
car line. OSCAR HEYMAN, 14 Post st.
FOL8OM-ST. lots; near 26th; elegant building
lots: easy terms; 21st-st lots near *. Castro:
no better lots In the Mission. OSCAR HEY-
MAN. 14 Post st.
$750 EACH— Level building lots; graded and
sewered; % block from Mlsslon-st cars.
OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 Post St.
DESIRABLE sunny building lots, close. to Du-
boce Park; bltuminized streets; lots level
and ready to build on: a rare chance to ob-
tain a holding admirably situated and close
to the city at a very reasonable price. Dia-
gram, price- and all' further particulars at
our office. G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
20 Montgomery st, '
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers.
FOR SALE— Lot 27:6x120; two frontages;
Halght St.. near Market. Apply 30 Halcht.
REAL ESTATE FOR SALE — CITY.
DAVIDSON • & LEIGH, ' 219 Montgomery st.
Real Estate, opposite Mills bldg.
FLATS.
$3,600 — 2 good flats. 5 rooms, bath each,
basement, brick foundation; bltnmln-
lzed street; In Al condition; rents $384
per year; situated near 10th end Mar-
ket sts.
$3,600—2 line bay-window flats, 4-5 rooms
and baths; heavy brick foundation;
newly painted and papered an.l thorough-
ly renovated inside and out: flne view:
lot 25x114; rents $384 per year; situated
on north side of 19th St., near Castro;
' a bargain.
$4,000—2 excellent bay-window flats, 4-5
rooms and bath each; large basement;
heavy brick foundation; street bitumln-
ized and in Der'ect order; house" cost
$4500 to build; lot 25x100; situated north
side of 21st st., near Foisom.
$3,750 — 2 modern flats, 5-0 rooms, baths; in
Al condition; rents $600 oer year; lot
25x100; street bltuminized; r.ear 16th
and Sanchez sts.
$6,000—2 beautiful new flats, 5 rooms and
bath each; every room sunny; situated
¦ on choicest part of Guerrero st. ; a bar-
gain. ¦ «
$9,250 — Rents $030 per year; 2 beautiful new
sunny flats; 8-0 rooms, baths: base-
ment; bltuminized street: lot 25x137:6;
; . marine view; key lot; every room light
and sunny; Walnut st., near Clay.
$18,500 — Guerrero-st. corner; 60-foot lot; 4 mod-
ern flats. 5 and 0 rooms and baths each:
all In Al condition;, forced sale; all
offers submitted.
$15,000—3 of the most elegant flats in the
city; Just completed: perfect in plan
and construction: pays 10 per cent; of-
fered at a sacrifice; Noe st.. near Du-
boce Park.
$16,000 — Rents $1860 per year; 3 elegant flats.
7 rooms and bath each: all the very
latest improvements; grand marine view
that cannot be obstructed: every room
sunny; situated northeast corner Leaven-
' worth and Chestnut sts.; take Hyde st.
cars; cet off at Chestnut st.
BUSINESS PROPERTY.
$15,000— Eleventh st., near Market: store and
2 flats above; large concrete basement;
a bargain.
$20.000— Larkin-st. corner; 35x87:6; improved.
$42,000 — Turk st., near Jones; 3-story and
basement hotel, 38 rooms; one of the
best buildlnps in the city; built 3 years;
.every room light and sunny; offered for
actual cost; could not be duplicated for
$00,000; a genuine bargain.
$65,000 — Sansome-st. corner; 137:6x137:6: sub-
stantial 3-story brick building; covers
the entire 50-vara.
$105,000— Mason-st. corner, downtown: I3i:6%
137:6; partly Improved; pays 6 per cent.
$137,500— Turk St., close to Market: 137:6r
137:6; only $1000 per front foot; will
double In vnlue in five years.
BARGAINS IN £r3TS.
$1,650— Golden Gate ave., near Central ave.;
25x100; a snap; cheap at $2250; must be
sold .within 2 days; street bitumlnized.
$1,200—25x114; 19th st.. near Noe; on grade;
ready to build on.
$7,000—27:6x120; Golden Gate ave.. near Oc-
tavia st.
SPECIAL.
Lots any size, north side of Chestnut St.. 25
feet east of Leavenworth; cheap; lot
level; on Erade; street accented.
Only $125 per front foot; lots any size; on
" north line of Vallejo st.. between Stelner
and Plerce;_rnarlne view; swell location
• for residence or flats.
$15,000 — fiS:Cxl37:6; finest location In the city
for flats: north side of Pine St.. near
Octavia.
DAVIDSON & LEIGH, 219 Montgomery st.
C. M. WOOSTER CO. „
C. M. WOOPTER CO.. 643 MARKET ST.
C. M. WOOSTKR CO.
SEE TO-DAY'S BULLETIN.
We advertise an entire page of specially se-
lected bargains of city real estate in to-day's
Bulletin. Get one and etudy our ad.; it Is
worth your while.
$22,500— Double apartment-house, 21 rooms,
which should be .converted Into flats and
four flats on rear street; lot 41:3x120;
north side of Golden Gate ave.. near
Van Ness ave.; rents $2100; the biggest
bargain in the city.
$3,900—2 good flats, 5 rooms and bath each j
and rear house: rents $480; on Langton
St.. near Harrison; lot 25xS0.
$10,000 — 1 new modern flats of 4 and 5 rooms ,
and bath; rents $1140; on Guerrero st.; |
lot 35x06; mortgage of $C00O at 6 per
cent can remain. !
$3,100— Elegant new modern cottage. 5 rooms |
and bath; 8-foot basement; partly fln-
Ished attic; on Tenth ave.. near Califor-
nia St.; lot 25x120.
$17,000—3 modern flats in the very best of
condition; on Hyde st.. near Turk; rents
very low $1620; lot 25x87:6.
$12.000 — 3 modern, up to date flats In the very j
best possible condition; rents low for !
$1140: on Halght St.. near Buchanan;
lot 25x100.
$26,000 — 6 flats on Foisom st. 4 flats on Clem-
y .,entlna St.. near Fourth; lot 34:4x165;
rents $1CSO.
$26,000 — i-story building containing 2 stores
• and hotel of 100 rooms on a Montgom-
, .cry-st. corner; leased very io-»r Vor $2100;
lot 43x137:6.
$5,750— Mission business corner; rents $720; 3 j
stores, with rear rooms and modern flat :
5 rooms and rath; corner lot. 50x80. .
$4,250 — I flats in flne condition, near Third
and Harrison sts.: rents $468; brick
foundation; lot 28:9xS5.
$3,100— Two new modern flats. 4 and 5 rooms
and bath each; new plumbing; flne con-
dition; rents $372; on Glover St., near
Leavenworth.
$2,700 — Rents $438; srood flats, always rented;
near Ninth and Harrison sts.
$5,000 — Well-built residence, 7 rooms, bath
and etable; large lot. 30x137:6; best res-
• idence portion of Stelner st. i
$2,S0O— Only $250 cash, balance very easy;
brand new. modern, up to date cottage ;
of 5 rooms and bath; electric cars pass
the door; on Twenty-fourth st. ; lot 25 j
xli4. !
$7,250—2 modern up to date flats and a cot- j
tage of 3 rooms; Scott st., near Girls' |
1 High School; rents $810; one of the best
buys in the market.
SEE TO-DAY'S BULLETIN.
We advertise an entire page of specially se-
lected bargains of city real estate In to-day's
Bulletin. Get one and study our ad.; it is
worth your while.
C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 648 Market st.
SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE & CO..
218-220 MONTGOMERY ST.
$35,000— Mission Bt. corner; 100 ft. front; pays
over 10 per cent net; stores and apart-
ment house above; flne investment.
$17,500 — NW. corner Pacific and Sansome sts.:
lot 33x67 ft. more or less; Improvements
consist of stores and flats; monthly
rents $132; mortgage of $3000 can re- j
. main. i
$6,250 — Mission st., near Twentieth; 6-room I
cottage and store in front; lot 28x122:6
feet.
$4,500 — Clementina st^, near Eighth; tene- !
ments: 4 tenant*: rents $41; lot 25x75 '
feet; always rented.
$13,500 — Steiner st., near Ellis; 3 new flats Just j
. finished, 6-6-<7 rooms and bath; rents
532 50. $37 50, $37 50; total rents $107 50;
all leased for one year.
$16,500 — California Et., near Laguna; flne resi-
dence of 9 rooms and bath; larce lot.
:i4:»>ixl32 ft.; house will readily rent
for $100 per month.
$11,000 — Clay st., near Buchanan; beautiful 12-
room residence;' all modern improve-
ments; lot 25x100 ft.; a bargain.
$22,500 — Corner of Seventh and Natoma sts.:
frame Improvements, renting for $96 per
month.
$8,100 — Sutter St., near Devisadero: substan-
tial residence: stable: large lot; 59:3^4x
114 feet: or will sell 34:3x114 feet for ,
$0500. - j
$15,000— Bush st., inside of Hyde; a large.
. | substantial residence of 15 rooms and ;
bath: now renting for $95 monthly: lot !
27:6x137:0 ft.; mortgage of $S50O at 0 '
per cent can remain; property must be
sold within 90 days.
$30,0<K) — 3-story and basement brick building:.
Battery »t. ; one tenant: leased five years
at $175 monthly: pays 6 3-10 per cent
net: Sot 40x04 feet.
$30,000 — Bush st. corner, this side of Powell;
3 flats. 0-7 rooms and bath: could be
. made to pay $175 per month; flne invest-
ment.
$17,000 — Fillmore st.. near McAllister; fine
modern flats. 7-8 rooms and bath each;
rents $127 50 per month; lot 25x87:6 ft.
$6,000 — Webster St., near Clay; 2-story bay-
window house of 7 rooms and bath; lot
25x00 feet to rear street.
$7,000— .Broadway, this side of Van Ness ave.:
2 modern flats of 6-5 rooms and bath;
rents $53; a pick-up.
Get a copy of our printed list of properties
for sale.
SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE & CO..
Real Estate Asents,
218-220 Montgomery at.
$2250 — NEW cottage, 4 rooms, 'bath, etc.;
high celling, cement walks: lot 31x119; will
finish inside to suit buyer; half block to cars.
$1200— Good 4-room cottage; lot 50x70, near
Mission cars; only $150 down and •nonlhiy
paj menta of $15.
$1100 — Neat 4-room cottage: lot 50xl0C; at
Ineleslde; only $100 down and balance ?12 s.
month.
At Point Richmond, Improved income prop-
erty in business center; cheap cottages, easy
terms; building lots $180 up; $25 down and
$5 monthly. W. J. WHITE.
.26 Montgomery St., room 5.
$3750 — JUST finished; elegant sunny 0 rooms
and bath; 21 Brazil ave.; porcelain bath
tiled; high basement can be made into 4
rooms; sewered; patent, sidewalk: % blick
from cars; take Misslon-st. ¦ cars and get itl
at Brazil ave. ; open to-day for Inspection
E. LEWIS, 630 Market St., opp. Fa lac 3 Hotel.
HOUSE FOR SALE. = ¦ •
Go and look at that beautiful new "-room
house on Nlnteenth st., near Castro: Ju&t
completed; small ¦ payment down: balance
easy installments.. Owner on premises. 4108
Nineteenth St.
WE -will build you a home according to plans
on your own lot or provide a lot for you and
build on installments less than rest. ' JACOB
HEYMAN CO.. 117 Sutter st. ,
REAL ESTATE F0R_ SALE— CITY.
BOVEE, TOY & CO. V..\-C.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
117 Montgomery st. Opposite Occidental Hotel.
119,000— Rents S1S0O per annum; Sutter st..
north side; three modern flats' of $
rooms and bath each; large lot; every-
thing strictly up-to-date.
565,000— Close to Market st. and Grant ave.:
rents $3600 per annum; brick and frame
building in flne condition. . ,i— --j
$35,000 — A splendid piece of business property
on Polk st.. north of Sutter: 3-story
building in the best of condition; lot
has a frontage of 30 feet and a good
depth; rents $165 per month; no leases;
could be made to pay over $200 per
month very easy.
$10,000— Larkin at., close to Sutter; two ele-
gant flats of 6 and 7 rooms • and bath
each; rents $75 per month; lot 27:6xS7:ti
feet. .;,*
Rents $C60 per annum: two strictly up-to-date
flats of 5 and 6 rooms and bath; lot
30x125 feet; Greenwich St.. near Brod-
erlck; pdlce $5250.
$12,500— Colonial residence: Presidio Heights,
north side of street; new and up-to-
date; 10 rooms and bath: hardwood
finish: electric lights and gas through-
out; lot 30x120 feet.
$20,000— Income $1920 per annum: O'Farrell
et., right down town; three elegant
flats of 8 rooms and bath each; lot
25x112 feet.
$8.000— Larkin st!, near Washington: three
good flats of 5, 6 and 7 rooms and batn;
rents ?C4 per month: rents very low;
can ba raised to $S0 per month: lot^
25x87 :« feet.
$9,250 — Close to entrance of Park Panhan-
dle; rents $75 per month; two modern
flats of 7 and 8 rooms and bath; lot
I . ; 25x100 feet.
$13,500— Post st.. north side; rents $10O per
month; two choice flats: street bltumin-
ized: stone sidewalk; solid cement foun-
dation; lot over 30 feet frontage In tne
best of condition.
$45,000— Rents $3600 per annum: secured lease
1 for 3 years: 3-story and basement
frame building: close to Sutter and
Powell sts.; lot over 45 feet frontage;
good depth.
$27,500— Taylor St.. close to Market: size of
lot 25x97:6 feet: old 3-story frame
building; rents nominal.
$11,000— A good opportunity for builder; lot
80xl37:« feet: on one of the main streets
close to Park Panhandle.
$24,000— Key lot; close to Sutter and Leaven-
worth sts.; size of lot 50xS7:« feet; old
improvements; rents $120 per month.
$9,000— Two modern flats of 1 and 9 rooms
and bath on the best part of Flllmorc
st. ; rents $75 per month. :
$15,500— Sutter St.. near Buchanan; best buy
on Sutter st.; lot 50x137:6 feet; four
good flats of 5 and 8 rooms and bath;
rents $95 per month; rents are very
low; can be easily increased.
$4,000 — Tehama St., near Fourth; this prop-
erty back3 up to Howard st. property;
lot 25x75 feet: 4 flats; rent3 $36; good
speculation; pays a splendid rate of in-
terest on price asked.
$900 — On Ocean Boulevard, near Carvllle.
northwest corner lot 82:6x100 feet.
Further particulars of BOVEE. TOY & CO.,
117 Montgomery st.
LYON & HOAG,
116 Montgomery st.
Send for our printed list of property for
sale in all sections of the city.
$0,000 — A fine Investment on Bartlett St.. near
Twenty-fifth; large lot. 65x117:6; 3 two-
story houses; total rent $75.
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT.
$3,100—2 nice flats on Xatoma St., renting
for $25.
! GREAT BIG INTEREST.
! $4,5CO — Rent $52; store and flats on Shipley
| St.. near Sixth; good building; brick
foundation: new plumbing; always rent-
I ed; can't be beat as a good, substantial,
j Interest-paying property,
i $16,500— Rent $147 SO; 3 new flats of 7. 8 and 8
rooms each; modern throughout: well lo-
cated; not far from the corner of Post
and Octavia sts.
SUTTER-ST. INVESTMENT.
¦ $40,000 — Rent $375; a swell' apartment house.
containing 12 4-room apartments, with
1 . bath each : this is undoubtedly one of
the very best Investment properties of-
fered for sale to-day; will always pay
splendid Interest; extra large lot.
A MISSION RESIDENCE.
$4,000— A 2-story bay-window house of 6
rooms and bath, with stable, on Nine-
teenth st,. near Valencia; lot 25x100.
A FORECLOSURE SALE.
$2,200 — $4C0 cash, balance In easy monthly ln-
¦ stallments; Sanchez st., near 28th; a
; 2-story building, containing 2 flats of 6
¦ rooms and bath each; rent $17; must be
sold at once.
OTARRELL-ST. RESIDENCE.
$5.000 — O'Farrell St., near Buchanan: lot 23x
90. with a good 2-story house of 8
rooms and bath; rent $40; a good in-
vestment; land alone worth nearly the
price asked, -s.
FLATS CLOSE TO TOWN.
$4,000 — Polk at., near Vallejo; 2 good flats. 4
i and 5 rooms and bath each; rent $31; a
¦ flne buy; good neighborhood; close to
I town: hard to beat this.
' GOOD WESTERN ADDITION COTTAGE.
. $3,700 — No. 66 Carl st.. near Cole: new cot-
tage. 4 rooms and bath; built one year;
I rooms all large; brick foundation; high
basement.
j $3,500— Fifteenth St., near Howard; biyjest
bargain on the market: splendid 6-room
and bath house; good location; low
» price: must be sold at once; owner
leaving city.
TAKE YOUR WIFE AND FAMILY
TO MILL VALLEY ON SUNDAY
And see the splendid lots we are offering
right at the station for $400; terms, 10 per cent
cash, balance $10 monthly; large . lot. 50x125;
the new electric trains aro now running, the
best service In the country; you will have a
pleasant outing, and If you buy a lot it will
prove a very profitable one. Values are bound
to increase; agents on the grounds Sunday
j LYON & HOAG. lltt Montgomery st.
I A BEAUTIFUL NEW MODERN HOME ON
i EASY TERMS.
I $GJS0O — Brand new modern house, containing
8 rooms, bath, etc.; on Shrader st., near
I Carl, in Park Panhandle district; this house
1 is exceptionally well arranged; has abund-
ance of light and sun. and is elegantly fin-
| ished in the latest style; can be had on terms
' of $1000 cash, balance In monthly install-
ments; house open for inspection; better se»
this home at' once.
LYON.& HOAG. 110 Montgomery st.
VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE COMPANY.
. 513 CALIFORNIA ST.
FILBERT. NEAR POWELL.
$25.000— €8:0x160 to rear street; four 10-roora
houses; renting for $112 50.
MODERN DOWNTOWN FLATS.
$21,000 — Mason St.. near Pine. running
through to rear street; 4 new artistically fin-
ished flats of 10. 6, 6 and 4 rooms, renting for
i $183 50 per month.
; WESTERN ADDITION COR. RESIDENCE.
| $19.000 — Northwest corner, near Park Pan-
{ handle; 50x100; modern house of 14 rooms.
GEARY-ST. NEW FLATS.
$14,500—27:0 feet frontage; 3 new flats; rents
$122 50; in the most desirable portion of
I Geary st.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS HOME,
i $S500— 20:6x91:8: corner Vallejo and Buchan-
an sts. ; well constructed house of 7 rooms and
! bath. . ¦¦-:
MARINE VIEW LOT. I
$5750 — 34:1x103; W. line Devlsadero st.. near
Green: beautiful marine view and In a rapidly
grow ins locality.
MISSION HOME. ¦
$4500—30x122:6; Capp st.. near "Eighteenth:
2-story bay-window residence of 7 rooms and
bath, renting for $35 per month.
VAN NESS-AVE. BUILDING LOTS.
55x137:6; west line Van Ness ave., near
Greenwich; splendidly situated for a home or
flats. -;¦.^ -.-,--.!¦',.-
UNION-ST. BUILDING LOT.
I $5200 — 11:6x125; Union St., near Van Ness
I ave.
MODERN E AY- WIN DOW FLATS.
$4500 — Laguna st.. near Union; two modern
bay-window flats: rents $34.
FILLMOBE-ST. BUILDING LOTS
$4250 each— 2 lots. 25x87:6 each; Fillmore
near O'Fanell; fine locality for flats.
CORNER GEARY AND BRODER1CK.
$4000 — 25x025 improvements flats; renting for
$3C per month.
FOR sale— As a whole or in subdivisions; 50-
vara lot: south line Union st.. 137:6 feet east
of Pierce; lot northeast corner Green and
Pierce sts.: lot 103:«xl37:6 feet. Inquire of
CHARLES C BEMIS. Real Estate Broker
221 Sansome st.
TWO flats. Nos. 1417 and 1419 Pacific st •
price $3500; $300 down, balance $38 per
month. CONTINENTAL BUILDING AND
LOAN ASSOCIATION. 301 California et
San Francisco, CaL "'
LOT 2 blocks from Foisom St.. Bernal Heights -
$75; $10 down. 35 Chronicle bldg.
¦ MARKET and Dolores— 75x80 feet, unlm-
1 Braved. See owner's sign on premises.
SAX FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES — 527 Montg-jusery street,
corner Clay; op«n until 8:30 p. m.
300 Hayes street; oi>en until 9:-'J0 p. m.
C33 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
615 Larkln etreet; open until 8:30 p. m.
1941 Mission street: open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market street, corner Slxte-oth; open
until » p. m.
1U6 Eleventh street; open until J) P- »•
3006 Valencia street; open until 9 P. ni.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets;
cpen until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets: open until 9 p. m-
2200 Fillmore street: open until 9 p. m.
11EAL_JEJ^ATE_2<WI_SA^^
JJADISON 4 BURKE. 30 Montgomery st.
AUCTION!
AUCTION!
AUCTION!
WEDNESDAY... A^....*. -SEPT. SO. 1903.
At our salesroom. 30 Montgomery st.
At 12 o'clock noon.
REFEREE'S SALE.
No. H20 California st.. bet. Hyde and Lar-
lcin; old dwelling; elegant site for flats; lot
30xlS. . • ADMINISTRATRIX SALE.
Nos 47-49 Langton st.. bet. Howard ana
Foisom; 2 fiate; renting for $25 per month;
lot 25x60 ALSO
Nos. 22-22 'i Langton. bet. Howard and
Foisom: store and flats above; renting for
$42 50 per month; lot 25x75. ___."
BUSH FT. INSIDE LOCATION.
No 705 BU5h. adjoining cor. Powell; house
12 rooms: rent f*0 per month: Al location
for apartment-house.
CALIFORNIA ST.. NEAR POLK.
Nos. 18>«>-lSuS California st., adjoining >.
W cor. Polk 2 houses, renting low for *bO
per month; this property has grand business
future; lot 5Ox87:6 and 13T:«.
TATLOR-ST. CORNER.
Northeast cor. Taylor ft. and Broadway; 2
dwellings; rentlr.g for $G3 p«r month; one of
the most sightly and protected comers in |
this section; rrand corner for flats or apart- i
T^YLOR'^-^iDJOlNINO COR. JACKSON !
Nos. 1300-1311 and 1313 Taylor st.; 68^ ;
feet south of Jackson: large house of 23
rooms baths, etc.; also 2 dwellings adjoining
of 9 rooms each, which, with small outlay,
could be converted into flats; grand marine
view; lot 107:0x137:6.
HOWABD-ST. INVESTMENT.
Nns. 1203 to 121 IB Howard and 70S to .12
Tehama: 6 substantial modern flats on
Howard st. and 6 flats on Tehama st.. In <
rear: present low rental J25S0 per annum:
1 OOUDES GATE PARK BLOCK.
Half block facing Golden Gate Park;
fronting on Fulton ft. (formerly D et).
Thirtieth ave. end C st. : s!ie 120x6f*>.
ESTATE OF M. HARTLEY. DECEASED.
Lots No«. 8 and 9 In block 202 of the S. S. |
F Hd and R. R. Af relation; sire 75x200.
ALSO
Lot No. 3 In block 34 nf Excelsior Hcme-
Ftead Association; sire 10Oxl50.
Fcr catalogue and particulars apply to ;
MADISON & EURKE.
30 Montgomery st.
MADISON & BURKE.
REAL KSTATE AGENTS. ;
ESTABLISHED JANUARY. 1858.
3(> Montgomery et Opposite Lick House j
Sacramento St.. between Larkin and Polk; 3
house* and lot 55x118, paying large In- :
come; only $16.0ow asked.
Fillmore et., corner of Geary; 1S5 feet on ! I
Geary and 137:6 feet on Fillmore; the
largest and finest corner on the market
on any business street; $40,000; call for . '
particulars. ! j
Jackscn tt.. 5O-vara lot. corner Lyon: an ele-
gant, sightly building location; commands
grand, unobstructed view and best neigh- ,
borhood in city; only $30,000.
5SOO0 — To close an estate; Dolores St.. near '
Sixteenth: 3 houses; rents '$00; large lot. ¦'
must sell Immediately; call for particu-
lar*.
egooo Hayes-st. Investment, near Buchanan: 2 !
buildings: rents J9S 5u per month; 27:6x
120 to rear street.
$2350 — Khctwell. near 24th St.; 6 rooms and i
bath; lot 22:3x122:6. j
Cheap home; only ?2Z«0: on Twentieth st., i
near Guerrero; 4 rooms and bath; cottage i
and lot 20x114. ;
LOTS
J1200— Steiner It. near O'Farrell; 25x103:9.
$2500— Lots on Larkln. near Broadway; $100
per foot.
Choice residences lota on Futter, Post and !
Stelner sts. In sizes to euit.
Building lot*, northeast corner Golden Gate i
ave. and Baker St.. In size* to suit. !
Prices from J2000 upward.
MADISON & BURKE.
30 Montgomery st.. cpp. Lick House.
NELSON JOHNSON &. CO..
•J0i Montgomery et. Opp. Mills Bldg.
SNAP&
PAYING MORE INTEREST IN ONE TEAR
THAN BANKS WILL PAY IN FOUR. [
f G750— Rents $X*0; pays 13 1-3 per cent; Fill- i
more-st. carp one block; 4 new flats: electricity
and p«». tiled mantels, tinted walls, frescoed
¦ ¦ .".:r.K*. porcelain tubs, concrete foundation,
bitumtnlzed street, cement walks front and
rear, etc.; enormous sacrifice; must be sold.
$5500— Rents $852; all rented; pays 15H p«r
cent; near Fillmore and Geary sts. ; 3 flats of
4-5-ti room? and bath: fully furnished: furni-
ture Included In the abox'e price; good condi-
tion; sanitary plumbing, brick foundation.
$6250— Rents $7CS; pays 12Vi per cent; Bush
et.; north 6lde. near Fillmore; 3 bay-windowed
flats. 5-5-7 rooms and bath; brick foundation.
$1500 — Rents $5»4; pays 13 1-5 per cent; back-
ing agalnrt Oth st. property; 6 well-built flats;
good condition; sanitary plumbing, etc.
$r>S50— Rent* $516; pays 13 1-3 per cent; Na-
toma «t.; store and 2 flats; hacking against
lioward-st. property; good condition.
S32SO cash; pays 18 2-3 per cent on money
Invested; $4000 mortgage at « per cent; grand
Mission business property; 30:8 ft. frontage;
main car line, bitumlnized st.. 2 stores and 2
2 flats, separate basements, brick foundation,
porcelain tubs, tank toilets, etc.
TO CLOSE AN ESTATE— Facing right on a
pretty park only 10 minutes' walk from Market
and Kearny sts.; handsome lot, 44 feet wide
und running back to rear «.; 6 light and sun- t
r.y flats in perfect condition, good plumbing. I
brick foundation, etc. ; price reduced to $9250;
handsome Income; grand future; heirs need
immediate money.
$7500— Buchanan st.; 2 attractive bay-win-
dowed flats. (5-7 rooms and bath; porcelain
tubs, tiled mantels, Inclosed porches, etc.
NELSON. JOHNSON & CO.
205 Montgomery st.. Opp. Mills Bids.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS!
*500 to $1200 — Only graded lots fronting
boulevard, ocean and park. Unobstructed
view from every lot. Fronting electric cars
Don't miss this opportunity. Easy terms!
$G0 to $250— Near ocean and park— $5 monthly.
Oceanslde branch office on 49th ave. and K. «t_
OPEN SUNDAYS. 8t *
SELLING FAST— EEE THEM TO-DVY
$500 to $1000— New lots in Sunset District*
Graded and sewered, near errs, fio monthly.
Sunset branch office en Oth avs., near H tt
$13O to $2OO— Level Excelsior Homestead lot*
near Misslon-st. electric cars— $5 monthly.
Choice Richmond District lots, $10 month!y.
fiooo to $3500 — 4, 5 and 6 room modern cot-
tages. Sunset, Richmond and Excelsior
Homestead. AH bargains!
Easy terms!
SOL GETZ & SON. owner* and dealers
Room 54, Chronicle building. "
$2200— ONLY 2 miles of town. 12 acres valley
land: house, G rooms and bath, large barn
. cubatora. mh mh mh mh inb mh mhmhln
11 hen houttes, steam, steam engine bone
mill. " Incubators. 3 brooders, 200 bens top
bugry. tools, furniture. '
*250ft— Letts than 3 miles of 2 thriving
towns. Santa Clara Co.; 10 acres prunes; in-
come $&)0; 0 acres rich hay land; part cash '
$S00— Only 2 miles of Courthouse, 40 acrea; ¦
email orchard. 5-room houre and barn.
POINT RICHMOND
Improved income property in business cen-
ter: cheap cottages: easy terms; building lots-
$180 up. only $25 down and $5 monthly
CHICKEN RANCHES EVERYWHERE!'!
W. J. WHITE. 26 Montgomery st., rm. 5.
JOSEPH STRAUB. 630 Market st. '. "
$14.000 — C Rate on Central ave.; rents annu-
ally SIXT2: bargain.
SftOCO — 3 fiats on McAllister et. : rents $030
annually: good Investment.
$2700— House of 2 fiats and attic: basement;
rear houee: vicinity Mason and Filbert ats.
$4000— Cottage of 5 rooms, bath, basement;
stable: lot 30x117:6 to rear street.
BARGAIN — Two handsome new residence* of
6 rooms and bath; sunny, modern and up to
date in every particular; Nos. 000 and 068
Clayton bt. near Golden Gate Park; price
$5100 and $5400. Apply R. D. CRANSTON
A SONS. 114 Montgomery sU -••.>»¦THE SA:N .FKA^CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 20, 1903.
41
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
ARE NOT TrffcSE BARGAINS? 1
Sherman & Hyde uprlaht .$117
Filsher 7. «5
Singer 163 =
2 Stelnways .: $165 3OJ
2 Chlckeringa 85 159 ~
2 Heine 237 3S5
Rents. $2 up. apply on purchase: Install- e
ments. (4 up.
HEINE PIANO CO.. 235-2TT Geary St.. larg-
est exclusive piano house of the West.
— — . . — — j
AN uptight piano shipped by high class Cast- n
ern manufacturers will be »old at actual cost j,
to save return of freight. 237 Geary «t. ,,
BTEINWAY upright left by private parly, *
$105; a gr»at bargain. 2.17 Geary st. =
WE rent the best piano in the city for |3 per
month; a few line ones, for $.150; -6 months -
rental allowed on purchase price. Something ! g
new — the Scott Ciirtaz "Bijou."' a little
beauty with a big tone. Will go through the
smallest doorway. For rent or for eale. The
"McPhall" piano; a magnificent Instrument.
The "Schiller" piano; best quality for the
money on the coast. Some Ms bargains in
second-hand pianos. SCOTT CURT A Z Piano
Co.. rmo-flg-fl* Hayea st. ; tel.. Fell 5761.
YOU Jc not take any chance? when buying
from. as. Our methods are well known to b*
open and above board. "Bis bargains, not
big ads," is our rule. All goods guaranteed
as represented or no eale. Call and see large
assortment of n(« anil used Instruments.
THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 7«* Mar-
ket St.
A FEW gcod bargains, . from SCO up. Including
such makes as Mapon & H.imlln. Vose.
Sterling. Marshall & Wendell. Fischer. KUk*
r.iann, Carlltt. Weser.- Pease, Kohler ft Chas«
and many others: easy payments. BenJ. Cur-
tax & Son, 10 O*Farrell; no branches in S. F.
THE greatest opportunity ever offered In San
Fran~isco to «tct a eood reliable piano cheap.
Before our removal we will sacrifice any In-
strument for cash or Installments. Call cr
write for prices ami terms at <m«. KOHLEK
& CHASE. Establlihed lMW.. 30 O'Farrell.
BAND Instruments; F. Bexson. Paris, maker.
Gus Malwald.Ast. Pac. Coast, 273 O'Farrell;
skillful repairing; 2d-hand Instruments told. ~
RARE chance; cash or payments? elegant high
grade upright. Hi McAllister St.
Unredeemed storage pianos and furniture dirt
cheap. Whltehead'g Storage. 1C30 Market »t. •
BEAUTIFUL. S-pedal Stelnway upright ptauc;
perfect order: sacrifice. Keefle's,-S5 O'Farrell.
BUY direct from the factory and save 50 per
c«nt. HORNUNG. 21C McAllister st.
fcOHMER, Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecil Ian piano J
player. BYRON MAUZY. 3C8-312 Post st.
SUPERIOR vtojin*. zithers, old and new. H. ;
MUI.LER. maker, repairer. 2 Ijthum place.
PERSONALS.
A— FACIAL BLEMISHES REMOVED. *
Wrinkle*, yellow and flabby *kln. birthmarks.
• mailpo* pittlnss and scars scientifically re-
moved without tutting, mafca^, electricity or .
medicine*: special demonstrations this week, y
Call or write Dr. L. WILLIAMS. 371 Gear,.
SOBER home man. mechanic, good aprwarance, .
fair education, has $4CCO In improved real es- j
tate, desires to meet lady, 40, with some
mean*, to assist financially to build a cot-
tage, which *he could own; view to marriage. -
Bex 17CS. Call office. ¦_ 1
bPlX'lAL— Reduced fcr. the month only, home
treatment that you can use at your own
home, -emovlr* wrinkles, tan. freckles. Ie«y- ?
Ing t-klr. cior and smooth: to be had only at
my office. Call or WTltii M. ELLA HARRIS.
781 O'Farrell at. ______ i
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, im-
proves Us gr wth.s'ors fulling, cure* dand'u.t
and Itching scalp: no stain or stickiness: -
cleanses scalp: at druggist*'. hairdressers ;ac- 2
tept no -ubstltote. Star RemedyCo..3S3Ggary.
RAG carpets wove to order p.nd for sale; n!s;> -
chonllle-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer In j
carpet twine. In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. Geo. Matthews.* 709 Fifth St.. Oakland.
MARRIAGE directory: free to all; pay when ¦
married; new plan: send no money. For par-
ticulars, address H. A. HORTON. dept. 1«.
Tekonsha. Mich. ¦ »
NOT how cheap, but how good Is the motto of
the manufacturers of the Rapid Rotary *
Standard, the aewlng-machlne of to-dajr X
TV. EVANS, nftnt. 1021 MarkM St. . .
IHYSICIAN. 15 years' exDi-rlence. cures per- ]
manently raorthlne. cocaine habit. Call or
address Central Pharmacy. 231 Grant ave..
comer SutUT M.. fee niotlTate. J '
DRL'XKENSESS. morohine ami all drus ills- j
eaees positively cured by Willow Bark Co., j '
18^3 Polk St.; consultation free; 'all or write. < .
REMOVAL— DR. "VV. C. BTRATTON has re- i !
moved his office from 2255 Mission st. ta j .
rooms 57S and 574, Pxrrott bldg (Emporium). .
KAIRDRESSISG in all branches taueht: *3 for j .
2 weeks. Up-to-Date Halrdressing Parlors. I
1020 Market ft., room 1. upstairs. ¦.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday and '<
Sunday evenings at Teutonla Hall. HowarJ
»t.. near Ninth: management Prof. Foster. .
LADIES are guaranteed full busts by use ot
the treat Mammklcne; treat!** sent for 4c. .
Mammalene Co.. P. O. .box 2C13. S. F. __
HANDSOME china tea set: make beautiful
present; by express $1. KEEDELL, 10S Vest ' :
80th St.. New York City.
"WITHOUT Medicines"; only positive cure f.-ir ! .
total deafness and deaf-mutes. Box 4331, |
Call office. ' ¦
AT l»es than coal, uncalled for suit*, overcoats
and triusers. at CHARLES LYONS'. London •
Tailor. 721 Market st. ¦ '
THE highest price paid for ladles' or gents' •
cast-off clothing and all articles of valu« tx
WEINBERG'S. 1HA Ellis rt.
ELEGANT fUlta on easy Installments: 50 cents
and up per week. LEON LEMOS. IVlt
Market st.. between Seventh and Eighth. ;
WHERE Is DON OEOVANI? Address box 4311.
Call office. V g
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles removed by
electric needle. Dr.AMrs.TTaver3e.1170 Mrkt.
PENSION attorney: M. HARRIS. 40 Ellis St..
San Francisco; 14 years' experience.
THE best plae* to bu/ good umbrella* or
have them covered or repaired la 120 Stockton,
ALL styles hairdresslng 26c: hair goods: manl-
coring. 25c Q. LEDERER. 123 Stockton St. ;
TAILOR-MADE eult $7 60; dreaa pants |2 50.
Mlsflt Clothing Parlor, cor. Buah and Dupont.
MASQUERADE costumed, play books, wljrs,
country order* GOLDSTEIN A CO.. 733 Mkt
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henca restores gray
hair to it» natural color; SI: at all druggists.
Superfluous hair and moles retnoTed with «lec-
trtc nerdU Mrs. & MUa Eaton. 1113 Sutter.
PALM 1ST R Y.
MME. DEVAS — Sdentifib palmist and astrolo-
srist. Palm readings (1. Hours 10 to 12 and
1 to S. and Tuesday evenings. 139 Post st
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 515
Taylor st.. near Geary. Phone Black BC1.
riAXOS AND ~O~RGAXS.
PART ot our list of bargains In second-hand
pianos for September, 1903:
Original
Price. Now.
J PTEINWAY & SONS—
- Rosewood case, large size. 7 1-3
octaves, beautiful tone. In excel-
Unt condition 1723 $375
1 A. B. CHASE—
Mahogany case, largest size, full
tmlns".ng music rack, three pedals.
very latest style, cannot be told
,from a new piano 650 400
3 KTEINWAY & SONS—
Walnut case, small size. 7 1-3
ociavas. nearly new, beautiful
tone, in fine condition CCS 473
1 STE1NWAY A SONS—
Mahogany cuse. large size, latest
ttyle. 7 1-3 octaves, cannot be told
from. new T30 623
] A ». CHASE GRAND—
Mahogany case. In perfect condi-
tion, only used three months S00 373
1 STEINWAY A SON3 BABY
GRAND— ~ ¦;-">-
Ebonlzed ease. In use, a very
»tort time and equal to new\ 850 750
Also a large number of square pianoa
rangiBK In price from $2.1 to $250. and chapel
and parlor crsans from $20 to (150.
Complete list furnished on application at
our store. SHERMAN. CLAY-& CO..
Corner .Keam* and Sutter st».
_________
THE annual meeting of th« lot owners of th?
Odd Fellows' Cemetery will be held on Mon-
day. September 2S. 1U03. at 2 p. m., at the
office of the association, Potnt Lobos avc,
for the election of four trustees, etc. By
ordnr of the beard cf trustees.
WILLIAM E. LUTZ. President.
GEORGE PENLINOTON. Secretary.
NOTICE Is hereby given that the Transfer
Books for the transfer of stock of The Bank
of California will be closed September IS.
100.1. at 3 o'clock p. m., and will reopen on
Friday. October 2. 1903. By order of the
Board of Directors. , ¦
ALLEN M. CLAY. Secretary. ;
September 3. 1903.
Ladies!' Chichester's English Pennyroyal Pins
are best; safe, reliable; take no other. Send 4c
stamps for particulars. "Relief for Ladies"
In letter by return mall. Ask your druggUt.
Chlchester ChemleaJ Co.. Philadelphia. Pa.
DR.- A. E>NEUMEISTER. Surgeon— Special
attention given to medical and surgical dis-
eases of women, diseases of the liver, stom-
ach and bowels. 813-14 Starr King bids..
121 O<ary St.; tel. Private Exchange 218.
SPECIALISTS.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES in EARS
positively cured; new method; 1 week's treat-
ment' free. Dr. Cottlngbam, 204 Sutter at.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS i
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
WHAT about this 5-room house? City water,
patent toilet; lot 44x125; flne place to keti»
chickens; best bargain in Alameda County.
Beautiful S-room house; modern; going at -
bargain.
Two 7-rocm houses; everything completi;
must be sold at once.
/^ _—_—__
P.rand 'new houses. 8 to 12 rooins each: near 4
the university; (inert In the land; also scenic
lots overlooking the bay.
MURDOCK & CO., Lorin Station.
FINE chicken ranch property; close In; near *
car line; a snni .
52CCO— Good stor? building; lot 37:6x100; good
i location to start a business.
LITTLE & WOOLSEY.
2110 Shattuck ave.. Berkeley, Cal.
FOUR block* of ground In Berkeley. Cal., fcr
S20.OHI. This Is the amount of Indebtedness
on the property. A good Investment and in
a Section of growing values. Inquire of W.
N. HUeSELL. SOI California St.. San Fran-
cisco. Cal.
HiUITY ALE ADVERTISEMENTS
rilUITyALE REAL ESTATE.
* V —
J. V. MATTESON.
Fruitvate ave.. near E. 14th St., Frultvale. Cal.
LOTS LOTS LOTS LOTS LOTS LOTS
ONLY $50.
j Ttrms $5 down and $5 per month. A chance
for everybody.
A FINE LINE OF IMPROVED PROPERTIES
\ TO SELECT FROM.
$1630— Cottage of 4 rooms; lot 50x180; bath,
pantry, city water, pigeon cote, fruit
trees, et:.; small amount down; balance
on installments.
$1000— Store building; large corner lot; good
location; small cash payment and the
balance on easy Installments; this Is one
cf the opportunities that people take
Quickly.
$2000 — Two-story house of 6 rooms; large lot;
right In town; 1 block from school; elec-
tricity, city water and other conven-
iences; the right party can have this
place en their own terms.
I $£100 — 5-room ccttage: lot 34x123; 1 block from
station; fine location; high basement;
; chicken hous^ and yards; stationary tuba,
porcelain bath, marble stand, convenient
pantry, electricity and gas. shades, light
fixtuteE; macadamized street, city water,
sewer," etc. : party very anxious to place
; tame in coed hind-; terms to suit.
$-000— A model 4-room cottage; lot 35x105;
large hall, parlor, kitchen, two bedrooms,
laundry, pantry, porcelain bath, gas, etc.;
pood location; nearlng • completion;
changes to suit customer; this is a little
beauty.
If you would rather build, that is right in
my line. I like to sit down with a customer
I and plan a house according to his own Ideas.
I If you haven't the money to build with. I'll
) Ret It for you and you can pay it oft In In-
| Ftullments. I am building for many on this
: plan.
J. V. MATTESON.
Fruitvale ave, near E. 14th St., Frultvale, Cal.
SYNDICATE INVESTMENT COMPANY.
FRUITVALE — FRUITVALE— FRUITVALE.
THE CLIMATE IN FRUITVALE IS IDEAL.
THE SOIL IS DEEP AND RICH.
ALL KINDS OF FRUIT AND FLOWERS
: GROW IN ABUNDANCE: EXCELLENT CAR
' SERVICE; 5-CENT FARE TO OAKLAND. I
! SAN FRANCISCO AND BERKELEY. j
WE HAVE SEWERS. GAS. ELECTRICITY |
AND FINE GRADED STREETS. j
AS AN IDEAL HOME LOCATION FRUIT-
• VALE HAS NO EQUAL ABOUT THE BAY.
! We are exclusive asents for the Sather
! Tract, one-half of which has already been sold
i this present year. This tract surrounds the
| Dewey School, one of the best graded schools
; In the county. Prices for the above range
from $175 up to $400.
Half acres, $700 to $900.
Cash or Installments; Interest only 7 per
cent.
; We also have over 500 lots In different Ioca-
! tlcns surrounding Frultvale Station at prices
irarging from {100 to $250.
SPECIAL BARGAIN.
I Corner lot, 71x125, with new cottage of 4
i rccms; near local; $2300.
| WE HAVE AND ARE CONSTANTLY
BUILDING 4. 5. 8 and 7 ROOM COTTAGES
i WITH LATEST IMPROVEMENTS AND FOR
I SALE ON TERMS TO SUIT PURCHASERS.
!OUR CARRIAGE AT YOUR DISPOSAL AT
I ALL TIMES. • EVERY COURTESY EX-
! TENDED TO PURCHASERS.
SYNDICATE INVESTMENT COMPANY.
(Incorporated.)
VALENTINE O. HUSH, President.
L. L. M. SALSBURY, Salesman.
Frultvale Station. Frultvale, Cat
Phone Ash 587.
S. F. Offlce, 207 Montgomery St.
CHARLES F. LEE. Phone Vale 290.
One-half Block from Station.
$1 CCO— Nice 4-room cottage; flne well; lots
of flowers and berries; close to churth, school
and cars: lot 04x100.
S120tj — Queen Anne C-room cottage: flne well,
' stable, chicken yards and houee: also city
, ' water; flowers and fruit trees; lot 100x100.
i $i:i5C — Stylish 5-room high basement brick
foundation cottage: 20 fruit trees, chicken j
j yard and house; fine arbor; nice fence all ,
. i around: beautiful shade trees: close to town
i hall, school, church,- poetofflce; a bargain;
, j eac; 1 terms.
?170Q — 5 room and bath Queen Anne cottage;
¦ j clo«e to station.
I $1800—5 room and bath cottage; stable; near
I station, school and cars.
$2200 — '! room and bath Mario ptyle cot-
i tage; new. and only $200 cash required.
?;»CC0 — 3 rooms and bath: windmill; lot 50
! x2."0: on the hills; fronting two streets.
• j $4000 — 8 rooms and bath; stable; abundance
; ' cf shrubbery, fruit trees and flowers; cars pass
¦ : the door; lot S0x20.'{; on a corner.
• x $75 lots. $5 cash, $5 monthly: Rosa Lee
Tract; no winds or fogs here.
CHARLES F. LEE. half block Frultvale
station; carriage free.
ELROD & HULL.
I $1000 — 3-room cottage, bath, barn; lot 50x1.15;
', close to school and local train; some !
j fruit trees. j
' $1700— 5-room cottage, bath, large lot; near;
station and school; 1M blocks to street
. cars. '
$1000 — One big acre of lar.d, 4-room cottage;
new; Just the place for poultry or an
i Ideal home.
$1000 — Lot 0C-17C; cheap; store building; on
• comer; & good location.
» $1650 — l-room cottage; ntpe lawn; lot 50x176;
1 easy terms; must sell.
$8500 — 300x250; fine residence; fruits and flow-
ers In profusion; a gentleman's home. In
fact.
: | ~n
' $C500 — A fine 9- room mansion; elegant barn;
imposing grounds; Just completed.
ELROD & HULL. Frultvale ave. Send for
map and price list. . "
r $000 — A COZY 4-room cottage; close to school
and street cars; lot 35x142.
1 $1150 — 5-room cottage, high basement; 1 block
from street cars; lot 25x125.
$2000 — New 5-room cottage; all modern; street
' cars half block; lot 33x115; street work all |
f ,\ done. . .
$2300*— New, modern' 5-room cottage. Just being
completed: high basement; close to local
I trains and street cars; lot 40x140; street
work done.
A SNAP— LOOK AT THIS.
$1650— A 0-room ccttage. stable, windmill and
70C0-Kallon tank; close to street car; lot
110x135; flne sandy soil. . v ¦
• $2150^ — 3 acres of flne sandy loam, situated on
High street; street cars 1 block off.
r Apply to the ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY,
Twenty-thir'd-ave. Station. East Oakland.
1 $3200— MODERN cottage of 6 rooms and bath;
high basement; barn, tank and windmill;
family orchard ; lot 50x140. Inquire on prem-
lfes, first house on Fremont ave., off East
Fourteenth st.. Frultvale. C. O. • DANNET.
_ IMPROVED and unimproved lots, 50x150; very
desirable neighborhood; public school near
I by; Inquire on premises. East Eighteenth
st. and Frultvale ave. ,
- WANTED — Good cottage, large lot, in Frult-
vale; under $2000; state terms. Box 4330.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS. :
REAL^ ESTATE.^
¦-¦ j-^^n^w^ .- i.njui^i^jiAr,n,-,nr.nfvMU^.'i.r 1 |-.r,(wuuv
¦WOODWARD, WATSON & CX).,
' Real Estate Agents and Dealers.
1172 Broadway, cor. 14th St. /
ON EASY PAYMENTS.
ON EASY PAYMENTS.
$1600 — In East .Oakland: splendid 5-room cot-
tare and bath; cars pass the door; within
walking distance of local train. "!
$1300— New and modern IV, -story house. of 5
rooms' and bath; every convenience; lot
. 35x11.1: on north side of street; near Tel-
egraph ave. -.,.-.
$2250 — Six-room modern cottaze In very handy .
location; 8 minutes to Broadway and only ,
a minute to local train. ' -
$2750 — Cozy little home of 5 rooms and bath:
location very desirable; house almost new;
is a sacriflc%; owner going away. j
$3250 — Three fine new and modern homes of 8 ",
rooms each;, on north side of street; close
to Lake Merrltt; easy terms on any of
these.
$35OO-^-Nlce 2-story house on Adeline st.; only
a couple minutes from local train: con- ! ',
tains U rooms and bath; lot 32:0x100. I
$3750 — Splendid cottage of C rooms and bath;
all modern; gas. and electricity; 0 minutes 1
to local trains and 14th and Broadway; an
exceptional bargain. '.
FINE NEW HOMES 1
FINE NEW HOMES j 1
mm '¦* ' I *•
! i
IN EAST OAKLAND.
¦ S
IN EAST OAKLAND.
On the Tubbs Hotel block we have ten fine
new and modern homes of 7 and 8 rooms each. '
Large reception halls, gas and electricity, etc
Prices range from $4230 to $3230.
¦ ZZHZ i
Easy terms.
Salesmen on grounds dally from 1 :30 to 5 p. m.
Sundays by appointment.
WOODWARD. WATSON & CO..
Real Estate Acents and Pealers
1172 Broadway, cor. 14th St.,
Oakland.
S. M. DODGE & SON*.
1160 Broadway, Oakland. -
Pictures of These Places at Office.
. SEASIDE HOME.
$16,000— EIrgant home In Alanaeda, abutting •
the bay: 2-3 acre of land; very modern)
and attractive; nothing left to be desired.
LAKESIDE DISTRICT RESIDENCE. ]
$8,000— Swell home; B blocks from narrow-
gauge station: 00x150; 9 rooms, reception
hall: every modern convenience; carpets .
for aale. ]
ATTRACTIVE COTTAGE HOMES.
$1,650—5 rooms and bath; lot 27:6x127; near 3
new ferry line to S. F.
$1,000 — Absolutely new cottage: 8 rooms and ;
bath; 30x100; 9 blocks from local eta- '
tlon; easy terms; 8 per cent Interest on
deferred payments.
$2,600 — Chestnut-st. home; rent* for $20 per '
month: lot 34x100; driveway and stable;
$1000 cash down.
$2,200— CHESTNUT ST.
Cottage, 5 rooms and bath, basement;
lot 40x128:6: lawn, palm trees, etc.
$1,000— CHOICE LINDA VISTA HOMES.
New 2-story house, 8 rooms and bath; ;
large rooms; gas and electricity; hard-
wood floors; on bend of street; 37x110;
$1000 cash down.
$3,750 — Very attractive 7-room house on Santa '
Clara ave. ; lot 40x113; terraced lawn;
$1430 cash, balance at 8 per cent.
$4,800 — Nicely located NW, corner; new 2-
story house, 7 rooms and bath; 2 toilets,
double flooring; lot 35x120; Wai worth
are.. Rear cars.
$2,700 — Very pretty cottage, new. 5 rooms and
bath; electric and gas lights; near Grove !
St.; 32x104.
$2,SG0— Reduced from $3000; nearly new 2- ¦
story house, 7 rooms and bath; gas and
electricity; near ferry line.
$2,650 — Save carfare and buy this 4-year-old
cottage; 5 rooms and bath; cove ceilings.
prettily decorated; basement and attic;
lot 30x106; 23d St., near Telegraph ave.
$1,1CO— ACTUALLY WORTH $1250 TO-DAY;
. lot 50x123: near Fortieth St., on Grove;
street work, etc., all done.
PIEDMONT LOTS.
Send or call for printed circulars about Pied-
mont lots which we are offering. We have a
very attractive proposition to present to people
looking for building sites.
S. M. DODOE & SON.
11C0 Broadway, Oakland.
Also agents for the Realty Syndicate proper-
ties and 6 per cent Interest bearing certificates.
$5 CASH, $5 MONTHLY.
CHEAP LOTS. BUILDING LOTS AND
HOME LOTS FOR THE MILLION: 1 .! in Just
the locality you wish them in; climate, soil
and view superb; away from the raw winds
of the bay. the view of which is .sufficient to
satisfy. Lots In Laurel Grove Park, |C2 50 up-
ward. Lots In Westall, |75 upward. Lots In !
Aller.dale, $75 upward. Lots In Je&sie Jones
Tract, $50 and upward. Lots in Ko*a Lea
Tract. $75 upward. Lots In Bona Terrace,
.$150 upward, off Frultvale ave. ' Lots in Ga-
llndo Sanitary District. $.'100 upward. Lots In
Susie Lee Tract. $50 upward: *5 cash. $5
monthly. You can have your choice In S loca-
tions adjoining East Oakland. They are being
closed out for good. Call or send for circular.
455 Seventh st., opposite Broadway station.
Oakland. Carriage free. H. Z. JONE3. owner.
$100 CASH and $50 a month buys new, colonial
.house; 'fine marine view; central and con-
venient; dining-room paneled in curly red-
wood; open and nickel plumbln?; lot 50x
145; surrounded by magnificent homes;
owner prefers to sell on terms rather than
rent; $50 a month refused as itnt for this
' house; a rare opportunity . to buy a mag-
nificent home same as paying rtnt: abso-
lutely as represented and price $1000 less
than cost to duplicate.
GEORGE W. AUSTIV or J. S. MYERS.
1002 Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
TO-MORROW "the" day for bargains In furni-
ture. H. Sohellhaaw. 11th st..cor.stor«.Oaklnd.
tiEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES
NEW HOME- sewing machine, this w««k only.
$10, $15, (20; slightly used: needles 20c tfoz.
NEW HOME S M. CO.. 1061 Market st.
Mill Valley Advertisements.
MILL VALLEY "REAL ESTATE.
A NEW SUBDIVISION.
Handsome block containing 41 lots right at
the station -of Mill Valley; this Is -an en-
tirely new subdivision and the' lots are I th-*
prettiest In Mill Valley; beautifully wooded;
prices ranee from $600 upward ; very easy
terms- 10 X>er cent cash, balance In easy
monthly payments; we have an office open
In Mill Valley open on 8undays; see thes«
lots at once and secure your choice; the new
electric road will take you within a. few steps
of th« property. LYON & HOAO, '
¦ ¦-. ¦ - 116 Montgomery at
typewriters ajcp buppheg.
great Bargains in typewriters— -w>
sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city: rentals $3.- The Typewriter
Exchange. S36 California; telephone Main 206.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each: get par-
ticulars. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
gomery st. • . " :"*" " .
2D-H AND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Inspec. Co., COS Market.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICB, HI 8 -1BOADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE}. '-
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE COMPANY,
Established 20 years.
4S0-4C2 Eighth street. Oakland, Cal.
BUSINESS INVESTMENTS.
¦ - ¦
$18,000 — Fine 3-story structure, leased for 5
years to tenant of Al standing at $1500
per year; tenant pays water and repairs;
adjoins o— e of t— e beet business proper-
ties In Oakland; within the immediate
environments of the business center. -
17,500—4 stories with 50 feet frontage; right
• in line of business improvements, be-
tween Broadway and Washington st.;
income $62 per month.
A SUPERB HOUSE. £
$7,500 — A magnificent, substantial dwelling. 4
years old, containing \> rooms and bath,
reception hall, cemented basement, fur-
nace, Inlaid floors, pressed brick man-
tels, open plumbing and frescoed cell-
ings; flne terraced lot. 40x112; 7 blocks
to Pcstofflce; easy terms.
FINE HOME ONEASY TERMS.
$3,500 — Owner is compelWd to sell this flne new
Swiss colonial residence of 7 rooms and
bath; In flne neighborhood and accessi-
ble to markets and locals; every con-
venience: let us show you this place;
very email payment down and balance
as rent to responsible party.
FORECLOSURE SNAP.'
$3,100 — Extra well built J^ouse containing 6
large sunny rooms; lot.. 50x150 (note the
size); street work complete; flne neigh-
borhood; near street car, locals and
schools; house alone nearly worth the
amount asked.
BARGAIN.
$3,500 — Modern 2-story housb of 8 rooms and
bath: in first-class order; house nearly
worth this; situated near Hobart and
Ban f'ablo ave.
A GOOD BUT.
?2,600 — Neat modern cottage In flne order. 3
rooms and bath; nicely arranged; gas
fixtures and mantels; on car lines; 10
minutes' walk to locals.
CHEAP.
? 2,250 — Pretty modern cottage of 0 rooms and
bath; lot 33x112; nice neighborhood;
near new car line; close In.
SEE THIS.
$2,250— Splendid modern 6-room house; lot 37x
115: 37th and Telegraph ave.; near new
ferry; less than 5 years old; barn, ce-
ment walks, flowers, etc.
$1,100 — Neat cottage of 4 rooms and bath;
street work complete; near Santa Fe
ferry; 4 blocks from San Pablo.
UNIMPROVED PROPERTY IN EVERY SEC-
TION OF THE CITT. ¦ . _ -
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE COMPANY,
460-4G2 Eighth street, Oakland. Cal.
HOLCOMB. BREED & BANCROFT.
1GC0 BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
BARGAINS FOR QUICK SIGHTED BUYERS.
$375— Lot 40x130; sunny, unobstructed, view;
street work, sidewalks, sewer complete;
surrounded by fine homes; one-half cash,
balance easy terms.
L. T.
$500. $560. $600. $675.
' The finest opportunity ever offered to home
] stekers. The SANTA FE TRACT, between
five car lines, close to Berkeley local and Santa
Fe R. R. Lots 40x135; street work complete;
I only $100 cash, balance $15 per month; 14
homes already built and in construction; get
particulars.
$200 cash, balance $20 per month.
Cottage of 5 rooms, bath; lot 25x100;
Market St.; rented $15 per month; price,
$1600.
0606
$350 cash, balance $25 per month.
House; ti rooms, bath, etc.; close to San
Pablo ave.: 10 minutes' walk to Four-
teenth *treet and narrow guage trains.
P/lce, $2350.
10M
$2750. $2750. $2750.
An 8-room Gothic home; modern; first-
class condition and surroundings; close to
business center, schools, trains, etc :
would cost more to duplicate house alone;
an exceptional bargain.
$3500— Cost to duplicate $4500. Fine house;
8 large rooms; front and side bay win-
dow; on Fourteenth St.. between Wash-
ington and West sts.; close to business
center, trains, etc.; get particulars at
Offlce.
0641
$3500. $3500. $3500.
House of 8 rooms, bath, etc.; newly re-
modeled throughout: on Tenth st.. near
Grove; lot alone worth $2000; flne propo-
sition a a a. home or investment.
0645!
We are "exclusive agents" for Linda
Vista. Latham terrace. Roosevelt terrace,
Mo&swood, Alpine or Santa Fe tracts.
Homes built to ycur own Ideas. Cash
payment, balance on a renting basis.
HOLCOMB, BREED & BANCROFT,
10t0 BROADWAY, OAKLAND.
FRANK P. LEE,
j Oil BROADWAY, OAKLAND.
I $4250— Bnuid-new corner house; Fairmount
• - ave.. adjoining Linda Vista; 7 rooms.
basement, beamed ceilings, paneled din-
ing-room, tinted walls, front door oak,
with bevel glass panel; sun all day.
' $3150— New modern 7-room house; lot 40x150;
3 blocks from Santa Fe depot.
$2700 — New modern 2-story colonial, 6 rooms
1 bath and laundry; near Grove and 81st.
1 $3050 — Modern 6-room house, basement, barn,
! driveway; between Grove and Telegraph;
close in; lot 55x135.
$3000 — 100x200; small house, barn, fruit etc •
'¦ near Grove St.; offer wanted.
$1000— North side 22d, between Grove and Tel-
egraph; 25x129; good location for flats.
¦ $1450 — 38x130; sunny. side of 18th; shade trees;
| excellent neighborhood; also bargains In
I San Pablo-ave. business property.
" i FRANK P. LEE.
" ' 011 Broadway, Oakland.
1 $10,500— STORE, flats and cottage; Income
$112 50 per month; a first-class invest-
ment. . .
THE ALDEN CO.,
1118 Broadway. Oakland.
' . _______
$1500— COZY cotta-e of 4 rooms and bath:
within walking distance to 14th and
; Broadway; easy terms.
THE ALDEN COi,
r 1118 Broadway, Oakland.
l ZZZH— 1 •
c GREAT 'BARGAIN.
$500 per acre; 4 acres fronting «n San Lean-
t I dro road, above Frultvale; also 2-story building
1 on same; will sell cheap.
THE ALDEN CO.. »£;
j i. 1118 Broadway, Oakland.
t -
W. P. TODD. ¦' _ , _. 1070 Broadway.
Oakland Real Estate.
t $2250— Nice new cottage, 6 rooms and bath;
mortgage $1500; near Telegraph ave,
J $2350 — Eastlake cottage, 5 rooms and bath;
¦ - , large lot; driveway; modern plumbing;
street work complete; near Telegraph ave.-
fine location. -
$3250— Modern 2-story bungalow home: 7 rooms
and bath; street work done; handy to elec-
:¦ ; , trie cars and easy walking distance to
• <: City Hall; lot 35x100; terms can be ar-
ranged.
• $4200 — A \ery well built' 2-story home of 7
¦ rooms; barn. etc. : fine lot; near town; be*
Y tween Telegraph ave. and Grove st. ' •
4 W.' P. TODD, 1070 Broadway,
Oakland, Cal.
- ALEX. MURDOCK. Chronicle bldg... San Fran-
cisco, for Oakland, Berkeley or rural homes.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS. 1
ALAMEDA REAL. ESTATE.
DELANO Y-RANDLETT COMPANY. T
Our Laurel-st. tract is the finest bay shorn
property In this city.
The bungalow la nearly completed. Don't
fail to ««e It.
We will build any style you may desire.
DX-LAJCOY-RANDLFTT COMPANY.
1330 Park st., Alaneda.
?_C0O— NEW house of 6 rooms; Enclnal sta-
tion; large lot; terms. j
Choice lots In all parts of Alamcda; will j
build on terms to f-jU. ! <
J. II. YOUNG, owner and builder. 12« J
Park st. Alamcda.
I30OJ— A BUSINESS that Will pay Jl<*> per |
month with 3 hours' work, and princ^.al j j
secured by real estate.
W K. CONGER & CO..
15C1 Park st.. Alamed..
ALAMK1JA Mutisms. •
FOR rent — A furnished ccttage cf 5 larre
rooms, large grounds; nil modern conven-
, lencea; 1 block from Bay station, broad
gauge. Apply 1530 St. Charles ft.. Alameda. •
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS "
BERKELEY HEAL KSTATE.,
HERE YOU ARE. ' '
Here are some lots entirely out of the or- .
dinar}' — nice, well located, small building lots
for little money, in the mc*t soufcht-tor quar-
! ter, n«ar the university on th» south, for
' which many people search dillgentiy and al- i ,
I most never find one: !
j $730 — Lot on a finished Btrfct. east of Tel-
egraph, north of Parker.
$S0O— Lot on finished street in an elegant loca- j
tion, near Dwight an! Telegraph. :
$1150— Lot north of Dwijht. east of Dana, in I ,
j a choice location, south front. ; '
; Here are some other lots which are also
( near in. desirable, good lots for little money —
j nothing like them.
$700— A elghtly corner lot. paved streets. ,
! south of Cedar, within 3 blocks of U. C. '
$550— Sunny, sightly lot. finished ttreet, nice
surroundings; near U. C.
$1150 — A beautiful corner lot, sightly location
fl.xid Burrouridlnffs * r*?3 1 nice iivo build*
Ing rpots; convenient to V. C.
$1800 — Dandy little 5-room cittaje; new anl '
best thing for so little monjy.
i $2S50 — 7 rooms; new, quite attractive; owner
I anxious to sell and rrice cut.
$4000 — 9 rooms; colonial; nearly new ; close in;
j bargain. ;
j $.".".00 — A handsome 10-room houe?; '"splc and !
span"; large corner lot. i
: $6000— A Urge, shapely, modern, attractive I
house, in nice condition, choice location:
parties leaving Berkeley.
ALLEN & ELLIS. 2129 Center et.. Berkeley. !
! $2000— HOUSE of 6 rooms and bath; near
Santa Pe R. R.
! $2500— House of 5 rooms and bath; large lot.
I $2500 — House of 6 rooms and bath; Telegraph
ave.
S"t(»y — House of 6 rooms arxi bath: sunny side
of street; near North Berkeley station.
$3000— Bonnie little home near the hills; house
of 5 rooms and bath; lot lC0xir.5. :
i
! $3500 — New house of 7 rooms and bath; near j
the station; a thorough bargain.
$C500— 6 acre* of land with cottage house;
large barn*; only 15 minutes' walk frcm
station.
j $7000— A new house of 8 rooms, furnace, etc.;
: flne corner lot.
I $6500— Here's a chance to make money: fin«
corner lot. 135x100, and pood house of 9
rooms; street work all done; only 2 blocks
from station.
JOSEPH J. MASON. Real Estate,
Berkeley Station.
JSOO— STORE and 2 rooms; large lot; nice lo- i
cation; ?200 cash, balance ?IO per month. |
fSOO — Small house. 2 rooms; 1 plastered; largo j
barn; lot 60x135; all fenced; handy to :
cars; easy terms.
$1200 — 5-room house; hard finished; bath, tol- :
let; street work done; cement walk; nice !
location; easy term?.
| $1400 — 4-room house; patent toilet; high base-
ment; large lot; all in good condition;
easy terms.
; J15CO — t-room house; high basement; lot 50x
135; handy to cars: easy terms. !
$175 — Lot 40x100; handy to cars; great snap. !
$3000— Fine piece of buainoFs property Just be- j
ing completed: will rent for $34 per mo. |
$3000 — 7-room residence; large lot; street com- :
plete; thoroughly modern; all conven-
iences; only $200 cash required.
$1600 — New, modern. 5-room house; lot 40x
; 100; only $175 cash required; balance, $10
per month.
! $750— Fine lot. 75x120; street work done; 2
blocks to cars.
XV. C MOHAN Lorin Station, or C. C. '
! EMSLJE. Aehby Station. j
j A SNAP. , I
5-room house; city water; sewered; lot 44x i
! 125: convenient to street cars and station; price •
¦ $S50. - j
O. A. RUDOLPH. !
Open Sundays. Lorin.
THIS IS A BEAUTY. " ,
New 7-room house, bath, patent toilet, sta- :
tionary tubs, decorated ceilings: street work !
done; price f3500; terms will be made to suit.
O. A. RUDOLPH.
Open Sundays. Lorin.
! LOOK AT THIS! ~
New 6-room cottage, bath, toilet, stationary
tube; large lot; close to ttreet cars and sta-
tion: price $1900; terms, $150 cash, balance
same, es rent.
O. A. RUDOLPH.
Open Sundays. Lorin.
A DESIRABLE country home at Walnut i
Cfeek. Contra Costa County. Cal.; 5 lots, 50
xl40 each; house with ;< bedrooms, kitchcr, i
pantry, china closet, washrooms, bathroom,
etc.: hot and cold water In houne; two wells, i
windmill with 6000-gallon tank; chicken- '¦
house; 5 varieties of grapes. 2 C*: trees, 4 j
plums. 5 apples, 4 pears. 12 Kngllsh walnuts j
(bearing), 22 eoftshell almcnds. 60 English '
walnuts to graft this year. Urge variety of j
flowers ana nice lawn; barn holds 40 tons of j
hay and C horses: price $4."00.
WHEN you come to Berkeley again you will j
find the best barK*ni« In town In our new
offlce In the Fink block. 212.1 Center st. '
We are making a special run on lets by :
] the half acre back of the university grounds; ¦
also on flne building site* in the sightly
Wbeeler Tract and Daly's Scenic Park, near
the university.
• W. J. MORTIMER & CO..
. 1 Successors to
. I MAY & MORTIMER.
, I $1250 — BIG snap: cottage. 0 rooms; basement-
mill and flne tankbeuse: large lot; close i
to cars.
$1COO — Cottage, 4 rooms, bath; high basement;
nice garden; fruit trees; lot 4C-110.
- ; $1900 — Cottage. 5 rooms., bath, large hall; nice
: garden; fruit and berries.
$2400 — Fine bargain; modern house, 7 rooms,
; bath, laundry, etc.; lot 50x135; close to
*\ station, stores, etc.; a genuine snap; $200
: cash.
$3000 — Splendid opportunity: new. up-to-date
home: 9 rooms and bath.; large lot; close
f to station: flne location; "a little cash and
monthly payments takes it.
H. D. IRWIN,
Lorin Station, Berkeley.
No. 256 — $1550; 4-room cottage; lot 60x153;
street work done.
No. 551 — $4000; 7-room house; southern expos-
ure; near Telegraph ave.
e No. 730 — $5200; 12-room house; rents for $50 per
t month; good investment.
, No. 700— $2625* 6-room house; lot 40x105; street
work all done; easy terms If desired.
, A BARGAIN.
. $5700— Business property; small improve-
ments: lot COxlCO; cheapest and best buy '
In town.
e. s. quackenbubh!
2171 Shattuck ave.. Berkeley.
CHENEY & BERRY'8 SPECIALS.
J 10 lots near Grove st.; $400 to ?500; in-
a stallments.
r One acre cheap; North Berkeley; $1500.
_ House 6 rooms and bath; east of Telegraph;
a lot 60x120; $2250.
Will build to suit on Parker ave.. near
Grove, and sell on Installment.
CCO feet on water front and railroad, West
Berkeley, for sale; Just the place for a factory.
l ' CHENEY & BERRY.
c P. O. Block. Berkeley.
° LAWTON & ALBEE. real estate, have for sale
Berkeley homes, residences and business lots
at lowest prices; choice investment property.
'• paying « to 10 per cent net. Refer to either
bank In Berkeley. 2139 Center st.
11 ACRES, adjoining university, whole or divi-
sions. DR. MOUSER, owner, 707 Bush. S. F.
MILH.VERY. ¦
LADIE3, you are invited to visit ray mllllaerr
opening to-dajr and to-morrow; Imported aiKl
Ntw Ycrk hats. MME. DO3CH. 207 Post st.
MXafBS AKP 'MIXiaO.
DEARBORN SECURITY CO..
164-183 Dearborn street.
Chicago. III.
We offer for quick sale a limited amount of
Merchants' Mining Ox's stock (mines located
lear Prescott. Yavapal Co., Arizona). Here
s a snap fcr the shrewd investor. We buy and .
•ell mining, oil and industrial stocks. Write us
>-our wants.
t>EARBORN SECURITY CO.
MISCKLLAAEOl'S — FOR SALS.
SECOND-IT AND machinery'. Some of the bax-
Kains this week:
-¦i-han>l hand elevator, complete. „...$ 33 00
tt-in. exhaust blower 2O Co
lS-tn. cutlet blower, almost new 75 00
2H h. p. Babcock boner and engine.. 30 «»
40 h. p. Heine safety tube boiler 223 (H>
23 h. p. Rice portable engine 30© Vn
10 h. p. vertical boiler, complete TO 0«>
4 h. p. automobile boiler, complete.... 2O ©o
4 h. p. automobile gasotlne engine. 123 ""
3 h. p. marine gasoline engine..'.. 123 CO
6 h.p. marine gasoline enjlne.complete 300 00
10 h. p. Hercules gasoline engine, com-
p.lete -SCO CO
4-fn. gate valves. Al shape, each 3 CO
5«!xlG return tubular boilers 3SO CO
48x16 return tuhular boilers..., 23O 0O
lifc-in. new leather belt. Al. per ft... W.
2-ln. new leather belt. Al. per ft 10
2V4-in. r.ew leather belt. Al. p?r ft,.. . 11
3-ln. new leather belt. Al. per ft 13
Tank?, -all sizes, all shape?, all prices.
17 miles of al! size pipe, good as new.
2« h. p. Wcstlnghouse motor. 220 volts. $50.
More second-hand machinery than all other
houses cut together.
A list of the dealers in town. Stamp.
We are broke; we- need money (?).
We want more machinery.
H. S. WHITE MACHINERY CO..
H. S. WHITE, Prop..
l.TP-132 Beala it.
DOES TOUK ROOF LEAK? ' . .. ~ "~
Repair it with elaterite; In rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating; good over old
iron,- t.n or shingles; best for n«w roof*.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market >t.
2D-HD. machinery, boilers, engines, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc., etc., bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCH'Y CO.. 13O-132 Beala it
A SNAP— 3- room housa partly furnished: fr»»_
Jersey cow; new Home sewing machine; par- •
ties leaving city. 140 Lobos si. Ocean View.
TRY cur men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair:
foot-rorm shoes at $2 50; we pay exp— s*s
charges. 11 3d St., Exam, bid.; catalog, free;
oprn evgs. until 10 o'clock, except Sundays.
A— Fine suits. $7 50; dress pants. $2 SO. Origi-
nal Misfit Clothing Parlors. 23S Kearay'st..
near Hush: f>p?n t.»- !» p. m. Sunday to noon.
A— »3 5O DERBY and fe-lora hats. *l 75. Pop-
u!ar Price Hatters, Kearny «t., near
Pine; open till 9 p. m. Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, sell* or rrnt* gear machinery, en-
gine*, boilers,- water pipe, shaftrng. pulleys,
etc. V.'HITELAW. 25^-255 Spear »t.
HANDSOME Great Dune dog. 2 years old;
mouse colored: first-class pedigree. Apply N.
W. cor. Twenty-ninth and Polores sts.
MANS flrst-cla3s ticket to Cincinnati; cheap
if km at once. Address Itt5 Manhattan Ho-
tel. Market st. .
FOR SALE — A lot of very fine moving pic-
tures; same as new. Novelty Theater. Oak-
land. Cal.
NEWSPAPER route for sale; fine chanoe for
the right man. Addrers N. A. LARSSN.
1715 Pacific avt., Alameda. ¦
AT service, prize-winner cocker spaniel Delver-
ton Cappi. Apply C. DU JARDIN, 2CI Cas-
tro st.
MOTOR tandem for sale; almost new; only
run 5<X> miles. Can be seen at Miller' a
Cydery. 3U Second st.
TWO tickets (lady and gentleman) to Decatur,
Ills.; limit Oct. 15. Box 1750. Call office.
BOILKHS. engines. Sd-hand machinery. MclN-
TOf«H A WOLPMAN. 11>5-1»7 Fremont St.
HITNTIXO doK?: thoroughbre<l Gordon Better
pups, •> months old. 1950 Grove st.. Oakland.
Al ENGINE. !Cx38, sll.le valve, as good as
new: bargain. Poatofflce box 2CS6. 9. F.
A FIXK 4%-carat perfect white diamond at a
bargain. 10 Sixth st.
SAFES— Near an>1 second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAKE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento gt.
A JL'LES JL'RGENSEN 5-minute repeating
wetch: very reasunable. 10 Sixth st.
PA1H 3-karat diamond earrings at a bargain.
10 Sixth *t
MOVING plctuns, magic lanterns. «ale, rental;
bargains. Dullard tk Brrek. 131 Pest at.
MILKS of pipe and fittings: all sizes. EU-
GEXE F.1LEY A SOX3. 109 Vallejo St.
MOVING picture film and song slides. MS»
Montgomery sr ______
SAFES— New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
& cq.. 122 Market st. ' '
All bargains :camp stools and chairs -.hammocks.
mct.il beda.mattresges.J.F.notter.712 Mission.
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, movlns
picture machine?, films. Bacigalupl. 933 Mkt.
GASCiLIXE engines, automobiles and launches,
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont «t.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters: all
. makes. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Monfgy.
* MISCELLANEOUS WA.XTS.
WANTED— Sound spirited ead«Ile horse; not
less than UOO. P. O. box 443» Oakland.
BOOKS and libraries bought. H. C. HOLMEs!
1145 Market tt.; phone Jessie 3741. or postal.
TILTON wants c«od second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 1M 9th St.: tel. Jessie 2351.
A BIO price paid for sealskins: send postal.'
25 Stockton st ; phone Bush 484.
"WANT to buy pair diamond ear screws, about'
% karat each. Pox 43. < a.
MONKV TO L.OAJT. ~ ~.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY. ~~~~
601 -C02-603 Examiner building.
Qjlctc settlements; no disappointment.
Save excer.ses by dealing directly. ,'
Estates, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property In trust.
etc. ; legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests la property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential. '
When You Need Money
Bee HERMAN MURPHY. _]
ADVANCES on furniture and pianos without
removal; to salaried people on their note,
without security or knowledge of employer:
lowest rates; best terms; quickest service and .
absolute privacy: special rate* to municipal
employes and teachers. The National- Credit
Co.. r. 6S-6S Donohoe bid.. 1170 Market st.
HIGHLY resoectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. Sin
Market »t.; tel. Main 1644 Branch. 19 Third.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments; largest business ln>
4'i principal cities. Tolman, 553 Patrott bldg.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 100 .Grant ave.,'
LOANS FROM «,! TO $10.000.
S. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY — Loans ta salaried
people on their note.
THE TOUSLEY CO ..143 Phelan bldg.
MONEY to loan on low Interest: gold, sliver.
diamonds pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
ON furniture, piano: no removal. E. W. LICK.
1000 Mutual Savings Bank bldg., 7C8 Market.
MONEY loaned to salaried employes. O. W.
MILLER, room 74. fifth floor. Chronicle bldg.
GOLDEN Gate Loan Office, 10 Sixth St.. keep*
open Tuesday. Jewish New Year.
3" 0 ON furniture & pianos; 115 up; no removal;
V. TREMAIX. room 91. 6 Eddy st., floor 4.
ALL loans on diamonds, and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 538 Keamy.
EXAR Loan Co. of Wyoaito? loans money to
salaried employes. R.311.Mutual Sav.Bk.bld.
CASH loaned falaried people on notes without
lndonw. MORRELL. PC9 Examiner bldg.
~ HOSEY WAXTEdT'
CAPITAL WANTEIV- $13.000'tO $50,000: wa-
"ter works, with contiguous and adjacent .lots
and block*; on San Mateo peninsula;, near
Southern' Pacific R. R. Co."s bay shore cut-
off- Eastern Investors preferred;, references
exchanged; no agents. N. R. G.. box 1777.
Call office^ .¦¦¦¦. ___^
\V A NTKB— $5000. 10 per tent: security raluar
ble real estate. ¦ Box 17rX Coll office.
OFFICES AXD STORKS TO LET.
ELEGANT comer parlor* and rooms: excellent ,
for doctors or dressmakers, etc. 405 Gear> f
corner Taylor. Apply Robinson. Furrier. • .
*13 STORE and 3 living rooms: K« Sixth
St.; Just renovated. JACOD fySYUAN CO..
117* Setter st.
OIL LA.\DS.
40 ACRES oil, % mile d Isco very ¦ Kern River.;
$2MX>; l-'t cash. ' .'SO Chronicle bqiUtlng. . ¦
For Additional Classified AdvartUs-
-ments See Page Forty-Twa.
KEAL ESTATE — Country — For Sal*.
FUR farm*, rtock ranehe*. orchards and vine- *
>-r«l lands oal! or. or ad<Jre~» -
nctherm^l & Co. 5o7 California, et.
Redwood Umber '.ar.<!s in lots to suit, from „
l<:c to ]i>.<ix> :,. rr-s. at from $r» an acre up. r_
iOuO acres choice sugar pine lands, with
."! rm-rmtUx: near railroad: flun-as County.
:_.OO3 acrr* or rcleeiej redwood timber
!>.r..l* on riivr. with (ace*— landing; MenJoelno
:iuv; a!»o !_rt;e KWBtfll payins big Inter-
ert * n th* lavestaeeti
$'i» j*>r _ir» — lixn» to Go'K) acres sugar and
yellow |jine: line investment: title i>erfect-
?:i «n acre; rf-duceJ to mortsage: Mock
ranch cf lnu» _cr«C. arltll hcuw and barn;
on-hiird and hay lan.l; is wel! watered; plen-
ty of wckkI; noar railroad between Ukiah and *
Wtllits. ?
>&• an acre — 740 acres on slough nca 1 - An-
tioch: rent- fcr 57 an acrr: rich tule land;
l-lenty uf water for Irrigation; on landing t
and near *tatlcr . «-a*y terms.
Granl stixk ranch. Vb>fi) r.cres, with im-
pnvi'mtnts; well watered; fine winter and j
sumrmr ranct: ;n Mendocino County; $5 an -
acre; easy rerms. i
f'*f an ac:o— ::_!! cenps vegetable and crain
itsnd:. near UouMin. on way to Stockton.
$12f»u — Hatich. 10<t acres, in the hills; n»ar
I boot; west of rfcich; house, barn and
orchard: !>lenty cf wood and water.
$24«o— Iiar.ch. To acre*, near Murk We«t :
S|>ring?. with house anJ barn: orcharj and j
vineyard ; includes 2 horses, wagon. 2 cows, I -
poultry anj implements. I I
$_£00 — Nice, improved farm, 13 acres, '
rich, levt-1 land; near ftaticn Sonoma Valley. •
with hruge, barn and all la orchard and !'
vineyard. j •
tS3U0 — Nice farm. M crres valley land:
f:oc>d 6-room fcout-r. barn and orchard axxl
viaeyard ; noai Marline*.
ROTHE-UOEL £ DO- 501 California st.
$50,000— FOR SALE— Imrjroved stock ranch;
HtfX) acres; 1000 acres alfalfa land. ¦
J10.000 — M-0 acres: nuck ranch: Sacramento '
County; fenced and cross-fenced; «!OO acres
rlcw land.
$3000 — Improved dairy ranch of 40 acres; '
half alfalfa land: adjoining the town of ]
Gait, 8acrs.mer.to County; creamery half mile; : 1
will wtl cows and hoes with rancn if desired.
$0500 — F<^r fa'.e or rent; Improved dairy ! '
ranch of ]*<• acre?; San Jcaquin County; hajr j
fclfaifa land: oceans of feed; $2000 down; time J
to *uit on balance.
$S(X) — A fr.ar>; a fin* little home of 12 acres,
well irr.rtroved; 9 acres bottom land; San !
Joa-juia County. 1
$4<-<0 — Half down; 10 acres choice fruit or I
ilWUrf land; Sacramento County; close to j ]
school. j :
$200 — 5 acres choice land for chicken ranch.
For rent on Ehares — Grain ranches from 320
acre* to 3000.
QUIGGLE. care WOODWARD & CO..
11 Montroir.«ry st.
9 to 10 a. r-i.. 12 to 1 «nd 4 to 5 p. m. or
sflilress box IS, Gait. Cal. ,
A RAKE bargain: $f>00: 25 acres best land: j
Von Valley. Napa <"ounty; unimproved: jftirt- > I
'.y timber: i lenty t«at»r. KREDO & CO.. TO |
Market st. I
A — M't ACRES, tan Ben'.to County; grain, j ;
rtock timber; exchange for home near city:
rare opportunity; $3P00. KP.EDO & CO.. 76S j .
Market ft. _______
A— 25-ACKE orchard. Solano Co.. *arly bell;
rents t'JQG yearly: $5500: exchange city prop-
fTty. KREDO & CO.. 765 Market Ft.
A — 6-ACRE orange prove, bearing: Butte Co. ; ; !
$1300; bargain. KREDO & CO.. 763 Market. '
10 ACRES in suburb cf San Leandro. on San ' :
L*>andro road; elegant 2-«=tory home, build-
ings. <ic. ; all In choice fruits, berries, flow- i
ers. etc
SYNDICATE INVESTMENT CO., !
Fruitvalp. Alamcda Co.. Cal.
f 12.«*..i_REr>UCED irorn *15.f»>0; 471 acres In j ;
San Joaquin; san<iy: best alfalfa and Tokay '
pra>e land in the t^tate: irrigation and trans-
jiortatien facilities. Owner. 454 Thirty- ;
fourth tt.. Oakland. •
TO lease at Lakevllle. Sonoma County, 163
pct^s of Rood farming land, 20 acres in wine ! ,
*rrar*-6; 6-rcom house, barn, stable, windmill, j '
plenty of water; all well fenced. Apply at j
111 Hayes Ft. j
. ACKi:S lar.d, adjoining Union Park. Colma:
fenced hedges around land; good bouse;
chicken-houses, water: re_.scna.ble; chickens,
rfuch*. It. S. THORNTON. 410 Examiner bid.
ALFALFA lant*?. stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards: lr.sj>ected bargains; monthly cata-
locod sent free. C. M. WOOSTEU CO., 64S
Market Ft.
AI-KAI.KA our Ftecialty; best alfalfa land at
tZO **r acr-: <J)tch and artesian water. P. H.
JORDAN CO.. 136 Mortgemery tt. I
> acres healthy grapevines. 2-stcry house,
bam mill, tank and implement?; $15,000. I
H."x 1774. Call office. j
.>•_••• ACZZC8 frvit. irrain lard: mile Red Bluff; \
f2(HX^: enly $200 flown. W Chronicle building. :
*:> ACMES vino land in Live-more Valley; |
house, barn: $_O>O. Dcx 1TT5, Call office.
SAX MATEO REAL ESTATE.
SUBURB AS HOMES
AT SAN MATEO PARK. :
SAN MATEO.
Betutiful home lots, averaging about 1 acre. ;
erch. in San Mateo Park, the finest euburban !
tezldkncai pror-erty near San Francisco; this ¦
f mtcatr. the f— mcUE Clark Tract, held for over j
4'J ;»f.n by the same owners, recently subdl- ;
viced into cottage, bungalow and villa borne |
sites with wide and winding avenues; bor- .
Acred with thousand? of costly shade trees j
and <cn*.prlEint the most desirable of ail the ;
clisSbi' home sites in beautiful San Mateo.
Suburban electric trains now running every i
-i) rr.--nut»— ; frcm Pan Francisco for San Mateo j
Tfc'se villa lots will be eold on tt-rms of one-
thtrd cash, baiance in one and two years.
For naps catalogues and full particulars
ar-ply to or address BALDWIN & HOV/ELL.
Itr-al r.st-te Ajrer.ts.- 25 Post St.. S. F.. or
FE/-VK S GRl'KMOX. San Mateo.
San Meter- office open Sundays.
PAN 1IATE0.
BUIiLINGAME.
Ucst cuburban home near San FVvicisco; no }
ferry; electric railroad now running: lots and ¦
re»ldence« Tor rale. We can sell eood lots as
low as -*-*iGO «ach. W> will be srlad to show
them. We also have eom» acreage land near
by as low >-- $100 to $2<>0 per acre.
TO INVESTOR?.
We have Fevers.1 larjre tracts suitable for
EubilvtEion. We Invite infoection.
McAFEE BROTHERS.
108 Montgomery St.. Ban Frantisoo. Resident
Agent. B. O. GOODHUE. Western Union Tel-
egraph Building. Pan Mat«>o.
HEAL ESTaTE TO KXCHAXGE.
fojTexchaxge.
a rare chance.
Mo_era "-room house, lot 45x150. en Ala-
ir.»da av«., between Morton and Willow sts..
fcr a. vacant lot in 'Western Addition in San
Francisco, or fcr sale on easy term*.
Apply to A. R. DENKE.
1400 Webster *t., Alameda.
PnOI'EHTY TO EXCHANGE.
FOR sale, or will fxchsr.ee for crain land.
Sacramento or San J>m<au!n counties pre-
ferred, a JC500 stock of general merchandise,
groceries and provisions; also the etcre build- t
ing. barn and dwelling if desired: value '
?r.o<y>. Ag<3r<-T« hnx 4S. Falrflfld. Cal. j
ALAMEDA iDTERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
TOUR CHOICE OF BARGAINS. ]
EXTRA VALUES. ;
THE BEST PROPOSITIONS IN UEAL
estate ever offered. accept the
oVpoktunitv to gkt a home cheap.
SPECIAL — A beautiful S-room modern honv,
n*"w, all latest improvements, large lot, only
$J400. Ea-*y terme, better than paying rent.
SPECIAL BARGAINS.
Only *2SOO — Fine 5-room cottage; lot 50x1.*.:);
chicken yard. ,
Only 12250— Fine C-rocm house; lot 33x167.
,a"JnTp.
Only ?2» "0 — Beautiful modern cottage; large
lot; <5 rooms and bath.
Only SlzriO— Elesant 8-room modern home on
Grand «t, - ;.>
Who wants tie' best corner let. 50x150. on
the finest avenue In Alameda at the lowest
j>rlce t-v.r offered? Tfc!s Is worth lnvestlgat-
" ing. Firet comes will eet it.
Homes Built, Rented and Exchanged.
ALAMEDA LAND CO..
1500 Park tt.. AUmeda.
A HOMESTEAD— 1 0-room house, with stable
and outhouscr; lot .""" to 450 frontage by a
der* n of -uO CsetS near station; suitable for
a first -class boarding-house; terms.
Also 7-room house; lot 50x204; between
bcth rallrGads; near Grand St.; a bargain.
AIfo C-room ccttage. tank and frame sta-
ble; lot •','. i '¦ ">'-' . near Grand-st. etalion.
A R DENICE,
1409 Webster St..
|£GUO — XET7 two-»tory S-room house; electric
light and gas throughout; handy to
school and station.
T»o-etory 7-room bouse; lot &0xl4S; price f2iO3.
ADAMS & CO.,
Bay-st. Station.
&road sause R. XL Alameda.THE SAN FEANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 2O, 1905.
42
HELP WASTED — MALE— Con.
AT CALIFORNIA EMPLOYMENT ArtENC*T.
59 Third st.. nr. Call bids.; phone Bush 405.
NEVADA— FREE FARE-NCTADA
2C0 laborers. Southern Pacincs own work,
new Job. $_ a day. $1S board.
We Ship Every Day— Free Fare.
40 section hands; all parts of California.
EUREKA. HUMHOLDT COUNTY
Fare Advance.!.
5 lumber pilers, $::.-> a menth and board.
5 laborers. $:I5 a month and board.
We Advance the Fare.
WOODSMEN.
2 timber fallera. *«O a month an 1 boaM.
2 second fallers, $JO h month ami boarS.
2 buckers. $50 a month and board.
4 barkers. $50 a month and boarcl.
2 lookouts. J40 a month and board.
2 waterbucks. $40 a month an.l board.
OREGON— FARE ADVANCED.
.'• coal miners. ttO-foot vein. $1 a ton; we shin
Monday and Tuesday.
THRESHING MACHINE CREW.
4 hoedowns, $2 50 a clay and board.
4 teamsters. <1 <H<> a <lay and bawd,
6 pitchers. $1 5O a day and board.
2 first-class cement finishers, country j^b, wen
boss here. $5 a day; camp cook, sawmill' ffji
and board: camp waiter, same place. $.'Ji>' and
board; _ house carpenters, country, 8 hours
$3 B0.
Office Open 1> to 12 To-day (Sundav>
CALIFORNIA EMP. AGENCY. X> Third st.
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
520 SACRAMENTO ST — SCO
Phone Main 1191. Cor. Leldesdcrff st.
STEAMER SAILS EARLY TO-DAY.
CALL EARLY. CALL EARLY
ASTORIA. OREGON, near PORTLAND.
5 All winter's Job. FEE $1.
T Fare $3 with berth and mea'.s.
0 25 laborers. $51 fd; 25 rockmen, $'9 fd.
R Company work; no discount.
1 We are the only office shipping.
A. Ship on O. R. N. Co.'s fine big S3.
WILLITS. UKIAH. FEE $1.
25 teamsters and laborers, $2 25. Free Fare.
OFFICE OPEN TO-DAY— SUNDAY— 8 to 12.
SCO other jobs not advertised. Get a free list
of Jobs at the PACIFIC EMP. AGENCY. S3O
Sacramento st.
WANTED— By one of the largest wholesale
dealers en the coast, an active young man
familiar with plumbing and steam goods, to
travel In Southern California; state age, pre-
vious experience and salary expected; confl-
dentlal. Box 1760. Call office.
1 GOOD salary and expenses paid to an ener-
getic man. ambitious and willing to work;
responsible position; good references and se-
curity required: splendid chance for the right
man. Address box 271. Sacramento, Cal.
WANTED — Experienced stock boys, thorough-
ly familiar with plumbing and steam sup-
plies; state aire and previous experience: res-
idents of S. F. preferred. Box 4323. Call.
WANTED — Four experienced waiters for com-
House from 10 to 11:30 'a. m.; also a. fl— t-
class Inside porter; fare advanced.
BOY about IS years old to make himself useful
in office of iron foundry and machine shop-
references. Box 1763. Call office.
NEAT bright boys for store; also wagon boys-
steady positions. Apply Superintendent's of-
flce. EMPORIUM.
EXPERIENCED salesman In lining department
of dry goods store: state salary expected, ex-
• perience. etc. Box 176B. Call office.
SHORTHAND In 3O days; Boyd's Syllable; no
ruled lines; no shading; nothing to confuse-
only 0 characters; easily read; study by mail ;
circulars, testimonials and first le.««on cover-
ing one-fourth course, for two 2c stamp*.
Chicago Correspondence Schools. lncoryor.tl-
ed. C2 National Life bldg:. Chicago. Hi.
GOVERNMENT civil service examinations will
soon fce held in every State; information and
questions used by the Government free. Co-
lumbian Correspondence College. Washing-
ton. D. C.
GOVERNMENT positions — Examinations soon:
writa for free circular 1*. slvln* various po-
sitions, salaries, etc. Polytechnic Business
College. Oakland, Cal.
EXPERIENCED wrapper wanted. Apply 3
N. WOOD & CO.
A MAN of InJomitable energy and push, a Rood
talker, eager to make moi.ey. V. PEItSON.
477 and 468 Parrott build ir.g.
BASTERS on coats wanted: .«t<»ady work an.l
good pay for the right people. Apply S. N.
WOOD * CO., 27 Gearv st.
WANTED — A boy of IG or 17 to learn pan:*
pressing: union shop; union wages. Apj.ljr
8. N. WOOD & CO.. 27 Geary st,
______________________________ — ___
WANTED — Pants finishers: union shop; union
wages. Apply S. N. WOOD _ CO.. _7
Geary at.
MANAGER for a cloak and suit department:
one who is thoroughly familiar with the line,
both managing and buying; good salary to
right party; state age. experience and refer-
ences; all communications strictly confiden-
tial. Box 4323. Call office.
WHY pay big prices to have your shoes half-
soled when you can get It done for 25c. 50c
and 60c, while you wait at 563 Mission St..
bet. 1st and 2d sta.. or 11 Third st. : open
evenings until 10 o'clock, except Sundays.
INTELLIGENT, active young man (20) for
out of door9 work: high school graduate
preferred: Job perm.; good chance for adv.
Call Sunday. 10 to 12. 123 California, r. 40O.
WANTED — Experienced young dry goods man
and to assist floorwalker. Address M. E. &
Co.. box 1296. Call office.
WANTED — Two experienced markers and dis-
tributers. Fresno Steam Laundry, Fresno,
Cal.
GOOD 3-chalr barber shop for sale, cheap. Ad-
dress D. WHITE, 12 East San Fernando st.,
San Jose, Cal.
i BARBER to take charge of ehop for few weeks;
wages $18 per week. C. JORDAN. St Helena.
WANTED — Machine hand. Home Mfg. Co.,
S56 Brannan st.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 pair; foo't-form shoes at $2 50: we pay
| express or mall chgs. 11 Third st.. Exam. bid. ;
open evgs. until 10 o'clock, except Sundays^
WANTED — Rough carpenters and laborers. Aj>-
ply room 14. 26 Montgomery St.. San Fraa-
clsco Construction Company.
WANTED — First-class drapery cutter: stat»
experience and references. Box liSG. Cq.ll.
ERRAND boy with good recommenJatloca.
ROGERSON'S. 533 Valencia st.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 ml
$1 uO per pair; foot-form shoes at $2 50, or
orthopedic shoes, $-1 50; best shoes on earth.ll
Third st.. Exam., bldg.. 5 doors from Market:
open evgs. until 10 o'clock, except Sunday*.
"WANTED— First-class experienced bookkeeper
to take position In country; must have good
local recommendations as to ability and In-
tegrity. Answer In detail, giving salary re-
quired, box 1288, Call office.
WANTED — For the U. S. Marine Corps, able-
bodied, unmarried men. between 21 and 33;
good character: roust apeak, read and write
English: marines serve at sea on men-of-war
In all parts of the world, on land In our Isl-
and possessions, and at naval stations In tha
United States. Apply at recruiting offlco. 40
Ellis St., San Franctsco. Cal.: 222Vi N. Main
St.. Los Angeles. Cal.. and 401 K St.. Sacra,
mento. Cal. _____
"WANTED— Educated man to learn our business
and take- responsible position when qualified:
position permanent: salary $!X)0: references
required. GEORGE L. SHUMAN & CO.. 64
Columbian building.
"WANTED — Laborer* and mechanics to kno-/
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver H^use.
217 Third st. ; 250 rooms: 25c to 5Cc per nignt.
MEN to learn barber trade; only S weeks re-
quired: special offer this month: catalogue
and full Information mailed free. iiui_e.±t
SYSTEM COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
YOUNG man to learn barber trade; paid whli«
learning. 611 Commercial st. jj
COATMAKERS wanted: $24 .per week: >teady
work all through th« year. Apply 2. Geary.
PENSION atty. E. A. Bullls. room 40. PheUn
bid*. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. O.A.R.
MAN to do Janitor work for tuition in S. F.
Barber School. 741 A Howard at.
SAILORS and ordinary <"amen for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN" S. 26 Stenart «t.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 ™ rd "_^ n n *" r M *_:
ket-700 rooms. 35c night: reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BBAVrH office fcr Call advertisement* and
subVcrirTtlons has been established at 1096 Va-
leprla rt. ——_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_»
HORSE»J_aiP WAGONS.
FOR sale A stylish black mare, ault&ble for
family horse: Is very gentle and free driver.
CHAS. LUSCHER. Redwood City.
HAPNFSS and saddles, the best for the money,
at JEPSEN BP.OS. CO.. inc.. the big store.
1145-1147 Market st.. San Francisco.
FOR sale Vt Eclipse Stable. 1373 Eddy at..
cheap saddle and large brood mare.
FOUR mules for sale; 2 large and 2 small.
Apply 2CS Thirteenth «st. <r .
FOR sale — Handsome trap: Cheap. Box 105%
O.I1 office.
Largest assortmt 2-hand wagons, buckb'd, sur-
rey.harness,wcrk.drlvlns horses. 15th- Valencia
S GOOD horses for sale cheap. 327 Sixth st.
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping wagon _a4
gocart for &-U cheap. 832 Mission at.
[ HELP WASTED— MALE— Cow.
A— TO-DAY (SUNDAY).
?V-- - OFFICE OPEN
TO-DAY (SUNDAY).
MURRAY & READY.
PHONE MAIN 5848. 634 and 630 Clay st.
LEADING EMPLOYMENT & Labor Agts.
Office half block long; It clerks employed;
by our own pointing plant we publish a
"FREE" Bulletin of Labor, containing every
position segregated under departments, ready
for distribution 7 a. m. ; also noon and even-
In? editions. GET ONE FREE. German.
Italian, French, Spanish, Portuguese, Greek
spoken.
THIS IS WHAT'
MADE US FAMOUS.
We know no distinction between man and
YOU ARE ALL EQUAL.
YOU ARE ALL WELCOME.
1902 WE GAVE 1903 WE'LL GIVE
45,000 MEN WORK. CO.000 MEN WORK.
TO-DAY WE SHIP FREE TO
NEVADA, ARIZONA,
OREGON. LOS ANGELES.
HAWAIIAN ISLANDS, WILLITS. UKIAH,
AND ALL POINTS S. P. and Santa Fe.
NORTH. EAST AND SOUTH.
RAILROAD HELP of every description. In-
cluding drillers, hammer and corner men,
muckers, laborers, teamsters, blacksn.iths,
cooks and waiters, $5, $», $3, $2 a day.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
ARE YOU GOING FRUIT PICKING TO-DAY
OR TO-MORROW? 295 .n«n wanted; any-
body can do the work; a man or a boy who
can eat fruit can pick fruit.
$1 FEE. Jl FARE.
FRUIT 537 60 found. FRUIT
PICKING $30 four..!. PICKING
TO-DAY. ?34 found. TO-DAY.
Some to work about packing and dry
houses; you can have a good vacation. Go.
Come back with $90 to $120. We -hip
k NORTH, EAST, SOUTH; also many to the
great wineries.
MURRAY A READY. 634-630 Clay st.
COME.
363 laborers teamsters city and country
Jobs. $2. $2 00 and $3 day. All classes of
work. Come, see.
155 Italians, $2 25 day.
You board yourselves. Steady Jobs.
26 laborers, free fare. 14 miles away, $12
and found. f
155 coal miners, free fare, $3 to $5 day.
105 laborers teamsters Willlts. Ukiah. free
fare. $67 50.
Do You Know — Free Fare.
On every train we ship to S. P. Co.'s own
work on all divisions, laborers, extra gangs;
also section hands.
DIAMOND MATCH COMPANY.
156 teamsters and ax men. $75.
107 laborers and drillers. $75.
155 track layers, ballast track. $67 50.
Coet you only $1; no discount; steady Job.
MINES. QUARRIES. TUNNELS.
155 laborers, you'll suit. $60. $75 fd.
96 miners and tlmbermen. $00 found.
186 quarrymen. also drillers. $S2 to $00.
06 carmen furnace men $75.
stables! farms, dairies, harvest.
106 farm, orchard, vineyard hands. $30 to $45
38 milkers, butter-makers $30. $35. $40 fd.
156 harvest hands, hay balers. $2 50, $3 day.
68 choremen, coachmen, gardeners. $30 to $50
and found. " J
16 stablemen, city and country. $30 to $45 fd.
86 men for brick yards. $35 to $80 found.
COOKS. WAITERS. PORTERS.
24 cooks, hotels, restaurants, camps, mines
and ranches, city and country, $30 to $70
and found.
12 waiters, city and country Jobs, |_5 to $10
found.
16 elevator boys bell boys and porters.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
SPECIAL BY TELEGRAPH,
PHONE AND LETTER.
Deck hands; also freight handlers.
Cook, restaurant. 10c fare. $70.
Porter, tend bar, age 40, $10 week.
Driver, light wagon, city. *'j; 3 bellboys, $20.
MARYSV1LLE. PLACERVILLE.
Laborers, teamsters, carpenters, helpers, $9U^
INSIDE FACTORY WORK.
25 laborers, fare paid. $60.
TO EL D CO.
26 laborers about mill, fare paid. $45 found.
BIG NEW TUNNEL.
25 drillers, muckers, $2 fare. $82 50. $75.
AMONG THE BEANS.
25 men or boys, fare $1. $45, $60 found.
SPECIAL.
Pigs' feet shaver, factory, $2 25 day up.
NIGHT SWITCHMAN.
R. R. cars, factory. 114 week.
Laborer, learn furnaclng for mine, $75.
Boxmaker, factory. 20c fare, $2 25 day.
Young man, work in stable, fare $2, $30 fd.
12 BUTCHERS, DIFFERENT JOBS, $50 to
$00. -^
TUOLUMNK, COUNTY— FARE PAID.
30 laborers, first-class lumber co., $00.
ARIZONA TO-NIGHT.
EUREKA— HUMBOLDT— FARE PAID.
32 laborers, big. good lumber Co., $6O to $75.
FREE FARE — HUMBOLDT COUNTY.
65 ITALIANS.SPANISH. MEXICANS. POR-
TUGUESE. GREEKS. AUSTRIAN'S. SLAVO-
NIANS AS LABORERS. $33 AND FOUND.
BIG LUMBER COMPANY FREE FARE.
THIS IS IT.
25 LABORERS, W HOURS* WORK. 10c
FARE. $67 BO.
$52 50 MONTH FOR
12 LABORERS FOR A GOLD 'MINE, $82 30.
ELECTRIC LIGHT. POWER
AND WATER SYNDICATE. MINE DIST.,
FREE FARE.
2 waiters, same place, fare $1 50; $S week
found.
" Blacksmith, vineyard, Santa Clara Co., $35
found.
Fireman, city, $70.
8 cabinet makers, country; cook. Nevada,
$5O.
Buggy washer, city dray. $B5.
FREE TO WILLITS. UKIAH— FREE
TO-DAY: TEAMSTERS. $67 50.
RESERVOIR WORK.
25 laborers and teamsters, fare $1 50. $67 50.
fS TRACKMEN, NEW WORK. $67 50.
2 tank coopers, winery, $3 60 day.
26 lumber pliers. Santa Cruz County, $C0.
Butcher, shop and wagon, fare $1 CO, $30
found.
Handy man with butcher knife, city, $2 25
day.
"WAREHOUSES.
12 laborers, fare $1; you'll suit; $3 day.
Cooper, packing-house. $3 25 day.
2 lathers, $2 50 per M.
3 slack coopers, l)c; second butcher, $50 fd.
Cut-off sawyer, city; 3 boys, learn trade, $0. i
HALF FARE TO CHICO.
165 laborers, team-tern, axmen. $75.
N OKTH EA ST— SOUTH — FREE.
2555 RAILROAD LABORERS, TEAMSTERS
Experienced nailing machine man. city, $75.
Dumpoart driver, mine, $35 found.
55 laborers, special electric R. R., $G0 to
$67 50.
Boilermaker.
36 drillers, water company. NORTH. $73.
36 drillers, muckers, etc.. $75. $60. free fare
SPECIAL INDUCEMENTS.
165 Ironmen. splkers. track laborers. $75.
12 laborers, track ranj.nn railroad. $3 day.
:t meat cutters. M5 week; blacksmith, fare
$1 $3; wood turner. $3 50.
SPECIAL NOTICE TO-DAY.
3563 POSITIONS NOT ADVERTISED.
COME SEE.
BEST PLACES AT MURRAY & READY'S.
BIGGEST WAGES AT 634-t26 Clay st.
FREE FARE.
65 laborers to shovel coal. $2 75 day
NOT FAR AWAY: ONLY 50c OFFICE FEE
FREE FARE.
; MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
- ~ WHERE ARE~THEY?
S(I lumber trusts and syndicates.
Located !n~ Four -• States.
Managers here. Two Territories.
FREE— FREE— FREE.
f>05 laborer?", no exr>ertence waattd. $35 to
$70 and fo^nd.
iss experienced mill and yard men, $10 to
S150 p.nd found.
3.S.1 woodchoppers, $40 to $50 and found.
SS6 woodchoppers, tlemakers, shingle, post,
picket and box bolt makers; tools and pro-
visions found, .
BIO L . MURRAY & READT.
TRUSTS. 634-C3R Clay st.
-•¦ MIDNIGHT ~ '
SPECIALS
Blacksmith, country sho^. $1 fare. $50 fd.
Candy maker, country store. $50; 4 laborer*,
city, board home. $2 25 day: 10 warehouse
men. near city. $3 day: hrakeman, private
R. R., *14 week: 4 handy men. city factory.
*12 week: porter and lunch man, city saloon
S.H week: stableman, ranch. San Mateo Co"
$25 found; 10 grape pickers, fare 5Oc. $;tb
found: 6 men for beann, $1 "5 day and fd
MITRRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st. -
CARPENTERS. — — —
CARPENTERS. CARPENTERS.
« carpenters. 8 hours, near city, $4 day; r.
carpenters, large company, fare $1. $9O; io
carpenters, ¦ electric power company, $J)6; 4
carpenters, ranch, fare $1 25. $75 found- C
carpenters, rough work, ranch. $40 found-
25 carpenter-, flume work, $3 day.
. Office p^en to-day.
MURRAY * READY. 634-636 Clay st.
WANTED — A man who understands the mak-
lnK and repairing of pocketbooks and bari
Address box 4331. Call office. g
WANTED — A boy about IB years old Annly
I at tailoring department. S. N. WOOD & CO.
WANTED— UphoUtcrer. 2231 Mission st. One
can take a half Interest preferred.
WANTED— Experienced lunch cook; good _.»•
steady Job. 130 Howard st. *^ y<
BARBER trade taught free at 647 Commercial
DRUG clerk wanted. Apply box 4337, Call of-
flee.
BOY wanted for sheet metal works. Apply 17
WANTED — A picture framer. J JONES ivi
Park st.. Alameda. U - Nt3> 13U
MEETING NOTICES — Continued.
¦ ~- r~ — ~
LAUREL Lodge No. ,4, K. of P.— j£|_>^
Olflclal visit of Grand Chancellor
B. V. SARGENT on MONDAY .§*S>
EVENING. September 21. Visitors «_£**%
welcome. J. B. LORD. C. C.
EARNEST ULMAN. K. R. S.
OFFICERS and member* of Harmony .>«;^D>
Lodge No. ». A. O. U. W.. are r«-_4^»=
spectfully Invited to attend the t u- KQSKSr
neral of our late brother H. BRED- <-**^
LOW. at 1 p. m.. THIS DAY, from his late
residence, 133 Y^VRZyW.H!^
C. S. PENN. Recorder.
PACIFIC Jupiter Steel Co. — Informal meeting
WEDNESDAY. 23d, S p. m., 700 Broderlck
Bt.. cor. Fulton. .
AGENTS WANTED. £
$1.00 PER HOUR and upward POSITIVE. The
manufacturers of the BEST, most attractive
and RAPID SELLING ladies' and men's
dress shoe known desire men and women
demonstrators everywhere. Ten NEW, re-
markable sight selling health and comfort
features: original selling plan: possibilities
unlimited. NO RISK. Write to-day.
Kushion Komfort Shoe Co., 1155 Market St.,
Pan Francisco, CaL ' :
WE want men and women of good standing in
every community In the United States and
Canada to represent us. Hustlers, as soon as
they learn the business, can earn $5 per day
and upward: no money Is required. Address
T. J. Bradshaw, President, room C02 Granite
block, St. Louis, Mo. ¦
BEGIN business for yourself; stop working for
others: we start you in profitable mall order
business at your home; pleasant work; Im-
mense profits; unlimited possibilities; full In-
formation for stamp. FRANKLIN-HOW-
ARD CO., Denver, Colo.
AGENTS— Send 20c In stamps for the hand-
some "Blue Leaf Quota of Bible Quotations
and Selections." Agents are -elling thousands
of them. W. P. SMITH 4 CO.. box 1538. |
Providence, R. I.
AGENTS wanted everywhere to handle "Nov-
elty Sign Cards"; every merchant buys from
10 to 100 on sight: 800 varieties; catalogue
free. SULLIVAN CO., 1130 Maplewood ave.,
Chicago. 111.
AGENTS wanted — The fastest selling article
out- the photo fan; 100 per cent profit: sam-
ples 25c; particulars free. KIRCHNER
JOURIS CO.. 81 S. Clark St.. Chicago.
WANTED — Agents can make $200 a month
selling the Magic Gas Lighter In every city
¦w.here artificial gas Is used. Superior Mfg.
Co., Indlanapclls, Ind.
$32 A WEEK salary and expenses for men
with tin to sell poultry compound. Impe-
rial Mfs. Co.. de?t. 64, Parsons, Kans.
AGENTS — Write for prices; special offer: easy
selling, money-making specialty. BADGEK
CHEMICAL CO.. Milwaukee. Mis. ¦
AGENT in every town to handle slot machines.
EUREKA NOVELTY CO., 1608 7th., Oakland
AT once; 2 good picture agents for the road.
140 West Mission St.. bet. 10 and 12 a. m.
TREAT ave.. 1220 — S. F. headquarters for
news and beet selling goodi for agents.
AGENTS— A new money-maker. F. PERSON,
477 and 478 Parrott bulWlng.
ASTBOLOOT. ¦
CUT THIS OUT— GOOD FOR 50 CENTS.
Bring this ad with 60 cents and you will re-
ceive a correct astrological delineation worth
$1, preparatory to the advancement of a
course in psychology which teaches us how
to live and be successful In everyday life;
this holds good until September 2«. MRS.
ELSIE D. LASHER, teacher of psycho ther-
apeutlcs. 2510 Sutter St.; hours 1> to 4 p. m.
ATTORN E Y S-AT-LAW.
ADVICE FREE. ESTABLISHED 22 YEARS.
Divorces a specialty. Private. Quick.
NO PAY UNLESS SUCCESSFUL.
G W. HOWE, ATTORNEY AT LAW.
1122 Market St.. offices 1, 2. 3, 4 and 5.
BEWARE OF FRAUDS.
Any one can advertise, but unless the adver-
tisement says "Attorney at Law" the party
advertising Is not a lawyer; don't be fooled.
ADVICE FREE
COLUMBIAN LAW AGENCY
Rm. S3. »16 Market; tel. Red 018; bad ten- '
ants ejected speedily and reasonably; collec-
tions attended to; attachments; corporations
organized; civil and criminal practice.
ROBT. W. KING, atty-at-law. Examiner bid.,
rm. 611; all cases, damages, estates, wills,
attachments, collections, etc.; consultation |
free; no advance charges: call or write; j
evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 3601. |
ADVICE free — I will advance cost in merltori- I
ous cases, divorces, probate and all other law '
cases; no fees in advance; open every even- '
ing. J. M. THURSTON. 810 Market st. r. 31.
DIVORCE — Costs $12; quick, quiet; open even-
ings. 927 Market St.. room 301.
i L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg., 627 Mar-
ket st.: consultation free; no fees in advance.
AITKEN & AITKEN. attorneys, rs. 300-10-11,
Clunle bldg.. 503 California St.; tel. Main 727.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful; all
law business. W. W. Davidson. 927 Market.
ADVICE free; all cases; open evenings. M. L.
RYAN. K50 Market st.. cor. Stockton.
niRDS. DOGS. ETC.
YOUNG talking parrots,$5 each;German singing
canaries, $2; we will try to please you; every-
thlng in our line at right prices. 1546 Market.
BtSl.MJSU CHANCES.
WORTH HAVING! INVESTIGATE!
1 Just returned from Alaska with a business
proposition of extraordinary merit which will
stand most exhaustive scrutiny. Over ONE
HUNDRED THOUSAND dollars. NET
PROFITS positively aEsured by contract dur-
ing year 1904. I want a few true business men
to aKsociate with me and make a large Income
for their lifetime. Each must be capable to
Invest at once from $3000 to $5000 cash. I
have already personally Invested over $30,000
cash in the business; best city references
given and expected. , Particulars at Interview
only. Address C. W. B., Palace Hotel, city.
WHITE sewing machines of all styles and
prices.
CHAIN STITCH
I,OCK STITCH COMBINATION.
HEM STI1CH
Have you seen our late style automatic lift?
I We rent or sell on easy payments.
For free trial phone Black 1106, 300 Post st.,
San Francisco, or phone Brust 551, 4i0
Thirteenth st.. Oakland, or 18*1 Fillmore
ft., San Francisco.
We want sewing machine men. Come and
have a. talk with us — we could us: a gooa
closer.
$20 EARNS $1000 IN ONE MONTH. '
Tills represents average profit for past seven
months; no oil wells, gold mines, grain or
flocks; a straightforward, honorable business
proposition, coming from an established cor-
poration with $100,000 capital; National Bank
references. Write for particulars. STAR &
CRESCENT CO.. 22tt-8 La Salle St.. Chicago.
FOR pale — Furniture, carpets and good will of
a new brick apartment-house of 175 rooms.
In the city's ywellest locality: partly fur-
nished and although Just opened Is over half
filled with regular tenants already; long
lease; If you want an apartment-house don't
fall to cet particulars of this at rooms 1404-
14C5, Call bulldlnc.
TO LEASE. ~~~ ~~
On Mason »t., adjoining the "Poodle Dog,"
a fine modern roomlnr-house of 105 rooms
under construction, but almost finished; 50
single tooms and ¦ 55 baths; great location;
reafonable rent; a sure money winner If run
on the right plan. Sreck & Co., C67 Market-
EQUATOR Roadhouse: good paying house;
stock, fixtures, furniture. 4 rooms: stable.
*he<!s. good cor. lot. 85 ft. front; good place
to make good money; this business will be
sold \<t cash, bal. on easy payments, on ac-
count death. Take San Matco cars, get off
county line; only one fare; call to-day.
A SNAP — Must be sold at once; CO-room corner
K-dging-houre. right down In heart of the
city; only opened about six months and every-
thing new and modern; will be sold for less
than con. Apply In a hurry to room 1404
Call building. Third and Market sts.
$.V,fcO_ a RARE opportunity to get Into a high-
ly profitable manufacturing business which
will Insure a profit of 100 per cent; ground-
floor proportion. Box 4325, Call office.
$10,000— AN up-to-date model grocery business
for sale; business In very prosperous condl-
I tion; long lease on store. For particulars
! address box 1299. Call.
$175— Extraordinary bargain; see for yourself-
restaurant. 2» chairs; clears $100 to $150 mo.
Western Realty Co.. 10u7^ Market, room 1.
WANTED— To buy a bakery. Box' 1704. Call
ofnee
FOR PALE — Good paying creamery, butter and
eggs depot. Box 824. Call office. Oakland.
$700 BUYS grocery and bar; low rent; good
trade; bargain. 3CS Eleventh xt.
ESTABLISHED butcher shop In Western addi-
tlon Apply 525 Clay st.
WANTED— Energetic man with several thou-
sand dollars to take charge cf moving picture
circuit; $300 to $500 easily made monthly.
Particulars Novelty Theater, Oakland.
GET your shares! Great success! See the new
saw filing machine. Office room.. 4 Flood
bldg.. or at M. P. SCHELL'S, Model Maker
B2» Mission at. . . *
$300— BAKERY In Monteyy; good business- 2
horses, 2 wagons, all appliances for bakery
Apply M. B. SMITH. Monterey. Cal.
20- YEAR established butcher business for sale;
party desirous of selling owing to other bust-
nets en hand. Apply 432 Third st.
FOR sale — Dyeing and cleaning works; will
teach party. 1121 Point Lobes ave.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE— Con.
A GIRL for cooking and housework, 2 in family.
In Berkeley, $20, all expenses paid: a waitress
and parlormaid, $30; a cook. 3 In family, $33:
a laundress for hotel, $30; a head waitress for
hotel, $35; 4 good waitresses for boarding-
houses in city, $25 each; a German cook for
German family. $35; 40 good housework girls
for places In city and country; also a num-
. ber of girls for general work In institutions
at $20. MISS PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter St.
WOMEN and girls wanted to work on fruit
and canning; steady work; highest wages.
Apply California Canneries Co., Brannan St.
between Third and Fourth.
WOMEN and girls to work on fruit; steady
employment: day and piece work; highest
wages. CODE-PORTWOOD CANNING CO .
Bryant and Tenth.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-
ETERS; NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY:
S^J£^ SAI ' ARY - LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'S
££S£°£ IES ' 32¥ > FREMONT ST. AND 1873
MISSION. NEAR FIFTEENTH.
LADIES to do piecework at their homes; we
rumish all material* and pay from $7 to $12
weekly. Send stamped envelope to Royal
Cc.. J4 Monroe «t., Chicago.
LADIES having fancy work to sell, dollies,
centerpieces, Battcnberg, drawn work; a'.l
kinds bought and sold: send stamped envelope.
Ladles Exchange. 34 Monroe at.. Chicago.
WOMAN over 25. willing to learn and satisfied
with $40 per month to commence, with good
prospect for advancement; state experience
__lf_any. Box 1758, Call office.
WA .«' T F.?""~ 2 men and wives, small ranches,
$4O. S45; also cook and wife, country hotel
-i^.y_gy^"tt A r pp s i t y to j - f - cB °-
EXPERIENCED operators on muslin under-
wear; also learners; steady work; good pay.
G. W. REYNOLDS CO.. 507 Mission st.
$25 A 100 WRITING letters homeT materials
furnished; no deposits. Particulars Woman's
Remedy Co., dept. B, 38, Chicago.
v 20 A 100 WRITING letters. Particulars
Electric Remedy Co.. dept. 101 235 South
Michigan. South Bend. Ind.
GOOD sensible cook wanted in small famllv:
good home for right party. Apply box 1773.
Call office.
GIRL for general housework and cooking; good
wages to right party; 2 in family; call 9 to
1. 1410 O'Farrell st.
WANTED — Ladies to ->opy letters home; $2O a
100; send stamped envelope. Pacific Supply
Co.. Sacramento, Cal.
EXPERIENCED saleslady hosiery and knit
underwear. Apply Superintendent's office,
Emporium.
WOMAN or girl to assist In light housework
from 9 until 4 p. m. ; sleep home. 1910 Green
street.
OPERATORS on muslin underwear; good pay;
work given home. BAUER BROS. CO. 21
Sansome st.
WANTED — A young girl to assist In corset
department. Apply box 820, Call office.
Oakland.
A— WANTED— Operators on ladles' and chil-
dren a wear to work at home. 650 Mlston St.,
third floor.
A — WANTED — Operators on ladles' underwear;
good pay. C56 Mission St.. third floor.
A— WANTED— Operators on children's coats.
C5G Mission St.. third floor.
3 EXPERIENCED operators on custom shirts.
BERMA..*. 48 Ellis St.
A NURSE who wishes to t-.ke up a business
position. Box 1772, Call office.
GIRL for light housework In small family;
wages $15. 1837 McAllister st.
WANTED— First-class waist hands at 1710
Larkin st.
PANTS finisher. C22 Clay st., room ISA.
SEWING machine operators; steady Job; good
pay. 1157 Folson St.
YOUNG girl, label, rm.. to be generally useful;
0 a. m. Mrs. Nettle Harrison, 140 Geary st.
WANTED — Improvers at dressmaking. 1615A
Clay st. Call Sunday forenoon.
WANTED — Young girl to assist with house-
work. 2829 Bush st.
NURSEGIRL. 1314 Washington st.
BRIGHT apprentice for dressmaking; must
sew; paid. 720 Bush St., near Powell.
MIDDLE-AGED Swedish woman as working
housekeper; 2 In family. 622 Natoma Bt.
IRONERS and girls at National Laundry, 411
Sanchez st. ;
TYPEWRITER and stenographer wanted; per-
manent: advancement. Box 4338, Call office,
A LADY of Indomitable energy to make money
and a convincing talker. F. PERSON, 477
and 478 Parrott building.
WANTED — Good girl to care for 2 children In
San Rafael. Apply 130 Belle ave., San Ra-
fael.
WANTED — Experienced dressmaker to go to
country; own responsibility: free rent. Ad-
dress L. H., box 30. Call office.
WANTED — First-class Jacket alteration hands.
Apply between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE
BROS.'
EDGE basters and finishers on coats wanted;
rood pay and steady work. S. N. WOOD &
CO.. _7 Geary »t.
WANTED — Pants finishers; union shop; union
wages. Apply S. N. WOOD & CO., 27
Geary st.
GIRLS about 13 for factory work; good wages.
Apply at once. AMES .v HARRIS. 100 Sacra-
mento st.
FIRST-CLASS waist, skirt, cloak, sleeve
hands and assistants. Apply 1200 Geary st.
LADY agents on salary- Call ft to 3, office 59,
Columbian building, 016 Market st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmor*.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1006
Valencia st.
UELP WANTED MALE.
A POSTOFFICE examination will be held In
San Francisco November 18 to secure clerks
and carriers; an advanced education Is not
necessary, but careful training Is; we prepare
by mail a large per cent of the successful
ones. For full Information send for our an-
nouncement and questions used by the Gov-
ernment. Columbian Correspondence College,
Washington, D. C.
— — — — — — — — — — —— — ¦ — — — — — — — —
SALESMEN wanted — Two able traveling sales-
men for profitable specialty line-; over one
hundred million dollars' worth sold last year;
favorable, long time "contract to men worth
good salaries. Address box 1501, Jollet, 111.
! ~
TRAVELING salesman; an active, energetic
man for Cal. territory; staple line; estab-
lished high rated houFe. F. It. JENNINGS
Sales Mgr., Detroit, Mich.
BRIGHT, active young rmn to c ill on wticl;sale
business houses In San Francisco and other
large cities; progressive salaries and perma-
nent positions. "The Mandex," New York.
WANTED — Young man from 18 to 20 years of
age for office work; must -be first-class mathe-
matician and write a good, legible hand. Ap-
ply between 0 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
DETECTIVES— Every locality, good salary;
experience unnecessary. International Detec-
tive Agency; Milwaukee, WIs.
TRAVELING, capable salesmen for Cal.. with
staple line to country merchants; bond re-
quired. Box 608, St. Louis. Ma
WANTED everywhere — Hustlers to tack signs,
distribute circulars, samples, etc.; no can-
vassing; good pay. Sun Adv. Bureau, Chicago.
WANTED — Strong boy box department. Mu-
tual L. and L. Co., Second and Bryant sts.;
Bryant-Bt. entrance.
WANTED — Boy about 16 years old for whole-
sale drug house. See MR. FEATHERSTON,
23 Second st.'
WANTED — Thoroughly experienced domestic
¦ salesman. Apply between D and 11 a. m. at
HALE BROS.'
BOY wanted. M. MARSH & CO., 121 San-
some st.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET your shoes half soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. S63 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED — Errand boys. Apply HOLM &
NATHAN, 512 Market st.
STRONG boy (18) to help on wagon and around
horses. Box 4326. Call office.
WANTED — Two carpenters. 000 Stockton st.
WANTED — Energetic salesman for outside
work. THORNE A CO., 207 Montgomery st.
MAN bedmaker wanted. New Adelaide House.
«14 Howard st.
ALL around cook for. boarding-house. Eastlak*
Hotel. SW. corner Bay and Webster sts. I
_ DU8INESS CII AXCES— Contlnned. .^
BIG profits will be realized during the next
few weeks In December wheat. The oppor-
tunity now offered by. the wheat market for
quickly realizing large profits has seldom
been equaled. Do not let this unusual oppor-
tunity escape you but write for our free
booklet, which tells all about our original
methods and clearly explains the wonderful
advantages of wheat Investments at this
time. No matter what your position or oc-
cupation, this booklet will prove highly in-
teresting and profitable to you. . With the
booklet we send the latest Information con-
cerning the wheat situation showing just how
and when to Invest. Experience on your part
is unnecessary and large capital is not re-
quired. Your account will be handled by an
experienced and reliable broker and you will
be fully Informed as to the progress of your
account. Your investment is subject to with-
drawal on demand and Is at all times under
. your control. Do not fall to Investigate our
methods. It costs you nothing and may be
the means of your realizing a fortune. Delmar
Grain Co.. suite 11. Granite block. St. Louis.
A CHANCE of a lifetime; a 'ortune for 40 per-
sons, 1 for each State; first month's receipts
pays cost. Why don't I keep a good thlatf
myself? Because I have the patent right to
more territory than I can handle. Call or
address E. PRICE, room 22. 993 Market St.;
7 to 0 p. m. ; on Sunday 1 to 5.
PETERSEN REALTY CO..
1035 Market st Phone Folsom 3518.
Sells, buys and exchanges city and country
real estate, hotels, rooming-houses. flats,
restaurants, bakeries groceries, etc. ; in-
surance placed; loans made.
Quick sales and fair profits our motto.
ADVERTISER wants 6 men. with $5000 each
to enlarge old established, highly profitable
wholesale business; over 10 per cent per an-
num guaranteed. Box 1783. Call office.
$400— RESTAURANT; half interest; on water
front and the best there. D. McRAE FUR-
NITURE CO.. S29 Mission st,
WILL sell cheap; a coed restaurant; fine loca-
tion; or lease; low rent; no reasonable offer
refused: must go East; no agents. Box 1757,
Call office.
FOR 8ALE — An inside route on this paper.
For particulars apply at office.
LO1)GI.\<;-!I()LSKS VOlt SALE.
100 ROOMS; house for merT; rent $140. .. .$4000
BS roomt»; south of Market; rent $100.. 20C0
24 rooms; corner: part cash; bal. easy. 850
11 rooms; good Income; rent $20 350
21 rooms; water front; rent $4O; lease.. C50
120 rooms;- good lease: low rent C5OO
57 rms.; apartments; Western Add.; rent 250
Money loaned at 1 per cent.
Hotels, roadhouses, flats, 5 to 100 rooms.
EITEL & CARROLL, 212 Kearny st.
LODGING-HOUSE of 23 furnished rooms, 1
bath, kitchen; good location on Market st. ;
all new furnishings; no agents; sure to make
money. 1206 Turk st.
LODGING-HOUSE: sunny corner: lone lease;
rent very low; 70 rooms; well furnished.
Box 1267. Call.
SPIRITUALISM.
ATTENTION— Professor Fred Evans, the
world-famed physhic for clairvoyance, elate
writing, etc., consulted on all important
matters prrtalnlng to business, social or
spiritual. Office, 1112 Eddy St., near Octa-
vla; hours. 10 to 4; other hours by appoint-
ment; interviews $3; development of medt-
umshlp a specialty. Why waste time and
money conpultinjj cheap, undeveloped, un-
reliable mediums In questionable quarterd
when you can witness convincing, reliable
phenomena under conditions that permit of
your mothers, wivea and children Investi-
gating the same with confidence and respect-
ability? Call or send stamp for circular
containing testimonials frum the leading In-
vestigators as well as occult and spiritual
societies and journals of the world.
SCHOOL of parlor entertainment, mystery and
occult learning; parlor entertainment every
evening, 8 o'clock sharp, except Sunday; 25c.
Room 126. Murphy bldg.. 1236 Market st.
ARRIVED— PROF. FRED P. EVANS, the fa-
roous psychic: stamp for circular. 1112 Eddy
St.. pear Octavla.
EDWARD EARLE. 1052 Ellis, readings dally,
8:30 to 4; seances Sunday and Thursday.
ETHEL CRINDLE. materializing seance this
eve.. 8 o'clock; 50 cents. 1115 Post St.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
ATTENTION— $1 $1 $1 $1 ft
My regular $3 readings this week for
II $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1
PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE.
The first registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist ever in San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge If I fail to tell your name, oc-
cupation and what you called for; I promise to
tell you whether husband, wife or sweetheart
Is true or false; I tell you whom and when |
you will marry; In fact. I will tell you every '¦
hope, fear or ambition better than you can I
tell yourself; I Improve your character so that
you will reach the highest possible develop-
ment In mental vigor, health, happiness and ¦
capacity to earn wealth, so you will live hap-
py and contented the rest of your life Hrs — 10
a. m. to 8 p. m. ; Sunday. 2 to 8. 320 O'Farrell.
MME. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third st.. next Examiner
bldg.; she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur In the future; If you are In trouble, dis-
contented or not satisfied in life, or have do-
mestic, love or business troubles, consult this
great medium and you will be told how to
overcome them; valuable advice In all affairs
of life; 20c up; satisfaction guaranteed; read-
lngs by mall. Tet. Black 4500. « ;
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant, and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
St.. cor. Turk; private readings dally, 10 a.
m. to ftp. m.; readings by mall as satisfac-
tory as In person; 3 questions answered, $1;
full life. $5; send lock of hair, date and year
of birth; don't send currency. Send postofflce,
Wells-Fargo money order or registered letter.
; A — MME. PORTER, scientific clairvoyant and
card reader, born with a double veil and sec-
ond sight; tells the past, present and future;
ladles. COc; gents, $1; by cards, palmistry
and clairvoyant sitting; $1 50. 126 Turk st.
Mrs. A. H. Kronenberg, palmist, clairvoyant,
card reader, will give a good reading. 10c, for
a short time only; when others fail try mo to
convince yourielf. 402 Frar.klln, near Grove.
MISS ZEMDAR, young gifted clair. and palm.;
has second sleht; a wonderful prophetess;
names; L. 50c; G. $1. 714 Franklin. nr.G.G.av.
FREE— FREE — Your fortune told; send birth-
date and thre 2-cent stamps now. DR. BEST,
144. D. C65. Chicago.
A — Mme. Ravenna reads life, business advice;
names given; 25c up. 5 4th St.. near Market.
MISS WARD, high psychic medium, palmist;
ladies 23c, gents 60c; no sign. 413 Mason st.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader; ladies
25c. gents 50c; readings dally. 132 Sixth st.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader: ladles 25c,
gents 50c. 051 Mission st., nr. (Jth: open Sun.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader In city.
2QU, Kearny. room 20; ladles 25c. gents 50c.
MRS. SHAFER. clairvoyant, card reader; slt-
tlngs dally. 41SH Jtssle st.. bet. 5th and Uth.
CAIIPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
AIR, compressed, dry. Ice cold. Is now univer-
sally used in sanitarily cleaning carpets, on
floor, without removal or Injury; prices mod-
erate. Apply 8. F. COMPRESSED AIR-
CLEANING CO.. Call bid.; phone Main 5237.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
¦end for SPAULDINO'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
tng Works. X15-357 Tehama st. ; tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1809 Har-
rlson st.. Al cleaning. 3c; tel. Mission 225.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating Co.. J. McQueen, '
proprietor. 329 Guerrero st.; tel. Mission 49. j
TRY HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet-beating;
mattresseg made over. 1432 Howard :South 216
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. QEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating work*; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. ; tel.Mlsslon 2B3..
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works,
333 Golden Gate ave.; telephone East 126.
CHIROPODISTS.
DUNLAP FOOT INSTITUTE. 50 Geary— All
ailments of the feet cured; corns, bunlons.etc.
•
BANGHART & WEYER. " ~~~
. Collector*. '.'.'.''.
No. 1170 Market st. Room 37.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 0-10; tel. 5580.
DENTISTS.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1413 MarketTnrEleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting. 60c: gas given.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone— cannot break;
warranted 20 yr».; crown. $3 60; fillings, 50c;
plates. $5; full set ;all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlars. 24 Sixth st,
PARIS Dental Parlors, 230 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Set tocth $1 60 up; crowns $2 up; fillings 25c.
GOLD Qlllngs, 75c; silver. 35c ; crowns, $2 ; no
pain; open Sunday. Dr.O.B.Hewltt.204 Sutter.
10 PER CENT off this month; estimates free.
New York Dentists. 060 Mission St.. cor. «th.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cent* — The "Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, fcr mailing, $1 per year.
1 DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
| McDOWELTrmtSSM^rKING
j AND MILLINERY SCHOOL
Will fit you for business.
. Will give you practical course In full.
Will teach you to cut, baste, fit and finish.
Will give you the leading system of cutting.
Any pattern cut to measure. 1010 Market st.
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School
— Any pattern cut to measure. 1019 Market.
' ACCORDION, sunburst & knife plaiting. Stew-
I art'e button & buttonhole factory. I 10 Taylor.
DYEING AND CLEANING.
SEA breezes sweeten all garments, blankets,
lace curtains, etc. done by the Presidio
Heights Dye Works 3915 Sacramento; phone
for wagon. West 453. H. HICKMAN. pres.
EDUCATIONAL.
A — CALDWELL College of Oratory. Acting.
Opera and Authorship; largest In the West;
¦14 teachers; positions guaranteed: fall "term
begins Sept. 7; day and evening class; beautl-
ful nuff catalogue free. 1295 Market, cor. 'Jth.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post, S.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy, . English branches;
day and night sessions; Illus. catalogue free.
SAN FRANCISCO Business College, 1236 Mar-
ket; modern, progressive, practical; estab-
lished 15 years; Gregg shorthand, fastest.
easiest, most readable. Actual business
bookkeeping; typewriter at home free.
AYRES, the leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket et. ; special summer course In all depart-
ments; handsome catalogue free; life scholar-
shlp. $50; day and evening cessions.
CALIFORNIA Business College, 305 Larkin st.
"A thorough school"; ix>sitions secured for
graduates; modern methods; individual In-
struction. Write for Illustrated catalogue.
HINMAN'St Academy; a thorough school of
dancing; established 20 years. 1412 Polk St.,
between Pine and California; both adult and
childrer/s classes are now open for the season.
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory* school
for the university, law and medical colleges;
ref.. President Jordan or any Stanford pro-
fessor; day, evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
HEALD'S School of Mines & Electrlclty.24 Post
> St., S. F. ; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec, mln., mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Nailten School, 113 Fulton, nn City Hall.
DANCING Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday and
Sunday evenings at Teutonla Hall, Howard
st.. near Ninth; management Prof. Foster. -
MUSIC taught by experienced teacher In 6 mo.
and 3 mo; S lessons: special attention to
adult beginners. Box 17U7, Call office.
PRIVATE lessons given to pupils behind in
grammar grade work. Further particulars.
address box-* 1770, Call office.
GOLDEN Gate Com'l College, 530 Golden Gate
ave.; fulj business course; day ana evening.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine st... Night class.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar.writlng,
etc.; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mlssion.nr.6th.
WHISTLING lessons. M. GERTRUDE JUDD,
785 Geary St.; phone Hyde 033.
Chicago Business College. 1435 Market, nr. 10th.
Plttman shorthand, typing, bookpg., 18 mo.
FINANCIAL.
4 PER CENT TO 6 PER CENT HIGH GRADE
Municipal, School, Railroad and Corporation
Bonds.
Bank and Trust Company Stocks.
Selected for conservative investors.
Write for information to
. / HEAZELTON & CO..
Stock and Bond Brokers,
Hayward building.
San Francisco, Cal.
TO INVESTORS— Subscriptions from $100 up !
wanted In a new manufacturing enterprise;
large profits assured; investigation solicited.
Address' GUY H. SALISBURY, 520 Parrott
building, San Francisco. \
A SAN FRANCISCO firm wants a representa-
tive in every town; applicant must be able to
give bank security if required. Address box
12S3. Call office.
KLA'IS TO bK'f.
A— HOUSES and flats to let; an immense Hst;
service absolutely free; take .advantage of
this department: it will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., 243-239 Geary
St., on the square.
TO let— Flat. 28C5 Broderlck, SW. cor. Filbert.
7 rooms, bathroom (Including servant's room
in basement): rent $35; open from 9 to B
dally; new and in perfect condition: grand
marine view;, a few steps from Unlon-st.
cars. W. J. GUNN, 530 California St.,
Savings Union building.
FLAT — 5 rooms, etc.; Ellls-st. corner; rent $30;
furniture for sale on easy terms; 3 rooms now
occupied; brings rent; this Is a bargain.
MURDOCK. Chronicle bldg.. San Francisco.
NEW upper Hat 7 rooms; every convenience.
Corner of Folsom and Preclta ave.. fronting
Bernell Park; rent $22 50; key at 350 Preclta
ave. , ' .
NOE. 1056. cor. ElUabeth — A new 6- room flat;
all modern Improvements; convenient to Cas-
tro and Twenty-fourth st. cars; rent reason-
able^
AT park entrance: 2 new flats; modern In every
particular; all-night cars; low rent now; pret-
tiest Fpot In city. 748 Eighth ave.
BEAVER, 67, 1 block from, Market and Six-
teenth—Modern 8-room flat very cheap.
ELEGANT sunny up. cor. flat: 6 rooms, bath.
3 Merrltt. Apply 4(302 18th, W. of Castro.
FLAT of K sunny roms, bath and cellar. Call, ',
10C9 Oak et.
FLAT. 338 Oak st., near Octavia; 5 rooms,
bath.
$35 — MODERN upper flat. 7 rooms; all newly I
decorated. 2110 Devisadero Et.
FINEST new flat in Panhandle district: 7 sun-
ny rooms. 138 Bellevue st., near Halght.
2 ELEGANT new flats. « and 7 rooms; rent
$30 and $35. Church and Seventeenth sts.
GROVE. 731— Upper flat 5 rooms, bath; light,
sunny; adults.
HAYES, 1753 — Sunny upper flat 4 rooms; near
park entrance; $1C; water free.
LARGEST list of new flats and houses; call for
printed list. LYON & HOAG, 116 Montgmry.
PAGE. 1737, near Golden Gate Park— New up-
per sunny flat, 6 rooms, bath; $37 50.
TO let— NW. cor. McAllister and Fillmore;
7 rooms with 5 bay windows; rent $55.
Upper flat 4 rooms, furnished or unfurnished;
rbs range, bath; reasonable. 2311 Jackson st.
UPPER and lower flat. 3043-3947 Seventeenth
st.. half block from Market et.
4 NEW rooms and bath: water free; $18. 336
Tehama st. <
FLATS TO LET — FURNISHED.
FURNISHED sunny flat, 7 rooms; modern Im-
provements; gas range; adults; ref. 43S 14th.
FLATS POK SALE l_l KMSHKI).
; FOR sale — 7 rooms of furniture at a bargain;
I on account of death In family. 103 South
j Park; corner flat; same can be rented If par-
I ties wi«h. ¦
j , — ______———— — — — —
FOR sale — Cheap, furniture of C-room flat. Call
S47 Devisadero St.. corner McAllister.
FLATS FUK SALE.
A BARGAIN— $4250; CORNER LOT, 2 FLATS;
LOT 25x114; 184 CLIPPER ST. SEE
OWNER ON PREMISES.
j_ flKMTlHE WANTED.
, A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission, phone Red 4-162,
buys, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpets.
Cal. Auction House pays highest prices for fur-
nlture. flats, etc. 1105 Mission; tel. Mint 24S1.
A. L. STORRS pays highest cash prices furni-
ture, carpets, etc.; tel. Larkin 3031. 634 Ellis.
j UELP WANTED — FEMALE.
WANTED— « cooks, with and without wait-
ing, $3o, *35, city; French cook. 3 in fam-
ily. ?3O; cook, hotel, country, $40; kitchen
helper, S20, will take man and wife; 15
housework girls, city and country, $30, $35;
2 parlor maids, $30; 4 second girls, $20. $25;
laundress. 4 days week, $2 day; French
maid and seamstress, $23; chambermaid,
city, $25; country, $20; maid to old lady,
*25; nurse, old lady. ?25; 4 nurse girls, «2O,
?25; cook and chambermaid, same house, $35,
, $20; cook on ranch, $25; and 50 house girls,
city and country, $20, ?25, $30. Apply to J*
F. CROSETT & CO., 334 Sutter st.
i A — WANTED — Girls to learn halrdresslng,
: manicuring, etc. ; trade taught from A to Z
In 2 weeks; $5 to those entering now; 3 po-
Mtions to flll Immediately; positions guaran-
teed at $10 per week up: leading school In
West. 233 Geary St.. room 13. ->
A — LADIES, learn all branches halrdresslng
¦ trade; manicuring, massage, etc: 1236 Mar-
ket st., cor. Jones, room 94; positions secured
at hlKheM wages; day and eve, class; call.
A— G'rls to learn millinery now for fall season;
both seasons taught from start to finish in 1
! month for $10; positions as trimmers, sales-
ladies, etc.. guaranteed at $10 per week up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton St., r. IX
CHURCH gEB. VICES.
CALVARY Presbyterian Church, corner of
Jackson and Fillmore sts. — Rev. John Hemp-
hill, 1>. I)., pastor. Mornlncr service at 11
o'clock; sermon topic, "Prophecy and Pres-
ent Conditions In Southern Europe." Even-
Ing senice. 7:45 o'clock; sermon topic, •'Liv-
ing on the North Hide of Religion." The
pastor will preach at both services. Miss
Alys Rees. from London. England, will sing
a. boIo &t the morning service. Sabbath
school at 9:30 a. m.; orchestral music. Chris-
UlB Endeavor meeting at 6:30 p. m. Prayer
meeting, Wednesday evening at 8 o'clock.
All are cordially invited^
ET. JOHN'S Presbyterian Church, corner Cali-
fornia and Octavla streets — Her. George G.
Eldredge, pastor. Morning service at 11
o'clock. Evening service at 7:45 o'clock, at
which there will b« a special musical ser-
vice. Sunday. school at 8:45 a. m.; Christian
Endeavor Society, vacation. Prayer meeting,
Wednesday e\-enlng at 8 o'clock.
UNITARIAN Church (First). SW. cor. Geary
and Franklin ets. — Rev. Bradford Leavitt.
minister. Rev. Bradford Leavltt and Charles
A. Murdock, supts. of Sunday school. The j
Junior church and Sunday school are at 10
o'clock. The morning service is at 11 o'clock.
Rev. Bradford Leavitt will preach. Music
l>>- male quartet under direction of H. lireth-
erlck, organist. Parents may leave children
with the kindergarten during service. All are I
cordially invited. There is no evening ser- |
vlc«. "•
UNITARIAN Church (Second), corner 20th and
Capp sts. rTake Mission or Valencia st. car.)
Rev. Jay William Hudson, minister; resi-
dence. 500 Capp et. The Sunday school Is at
9:45 o'clock, W. C. Maxwell, superintendent.
At the morning service, at 11 o'clock. Rev.
Jay William Hudson will preach: subject. |
"Play Klr.gr and Real." Music by orchestra
and choir, directed by Jablsh Clement. All
seats free. Strangers cordially welcome. No
regular evening service.
FIRST Congregational Church, corner Post and
Mason sts— Rev. George C. Adams. D.D.,
pastor, will preach at both services. At 11
a. m.. topic. "Conversion That Endures Per-
secution.-' At 7:45 p. m.. topic. "They Took
Knowle<!ge of Them That They Had Been
With Jesue." All are cordially invited.
PLYMOUTH Congregational Church, Post St..
• near Webster— Rev. I. C. Meserve. D. D..
pastor. Morning worship at 11. preceded by
Sunday school et 9:30. Special muelcal ser-
vice at 7 :45 p. m. The choir will render the
anthems. "Praise the Lord" (Llnley), "Wor- .
fhlp the Lord" (Concone) and "Sing Unto
God" (Harry Hale Pike). Misses Goodsell !
and Julllerat will render the duet. "The Lord
Is My Shepherd" <H. Smart).
THIRD Congregational. 15th st., near Mission.
—Rev. William Rader. pastor. At 11 a. m.,
'The Vision of the Invisible as a Means of
Endurance." At 7:30 p. m., "The Law of
the Lord."
SIMPSON Memorial Methodist Episcopal
Church, corner of Hayes and Buchanan sts. —
Rev. John Stephens, the pastor, will preach
at 11 a. m. and 7:45 p. m. Praise service
In the evening under the direction of I. E.
Blake. A fine programme of choruses, solos,
duets and quartets. Seats free. All invited.
Sunday school at 12:S0 p. m.. C. B. Per-
kins, superintendent. Epworth League at
6:45 p. m.. Dr. R O. Moody, president.
TRINITY Church, corner Bush and Gough sts.
—Rev. F. W. Clampett. D. D.. rector. Holy
communion at & a. m.; Sunday school, 9:30 I
a. m.; morning service and holy communion,
lla. m.; s*rmon by rector; afternoon service, I
4 o'clock; all are cordially invited.
FIRST Church of Christ, Scientist, Central
block. 22.'! Kutter st.. bet. Kearny and Grant
ave. — Christian Science service at II a. m. ;
subject of I'sson-sermon. "Reality." Sunday
echocl for children at the same hour; Wednes-
day evening meeting at 8 o'clock; free reaii-
lr.g room. 2i""6 Kearny St., rooms 500-MO; all
are welcome.
ADAT BEPHARADIM. Spanish Congregation j
— Rfsh-Ashara and Tom-Kippur. Free j
seat*. Mlsv&t* by "Goral." Spanish and I
Portuguese "Minhag" services will be held
on Rosh-Ashana and Yom-Rlppur, on first
floor B. B. Hall, 121 Eddy street. Monday
mola_rj services begin at 6:30; separate
rtats for ladies.
A GREAT union mass meeting for men only
will be held this (Sunday) afternoon at 3
o'clock in the Young Men's Christian Associ-
ation Auditorium. Mason and Ellis sts. Rev. j
L. J. Sawyer will speak and all seats in the I
Jitll will be free to men. There will be
*ome excellent music furnished by Mr. Rob-
son ami Mr. Elliott on the violin and harp
and vocal foIos by Mr. Elliott. Ycung men
In general are invited to be present.
Tl\Y. People's Church holds services every j
BtmO*jr t-vrn'.r.g at S o'clock In Elks' Hall.
£23 Sutt«r st. Subject this evening. "L'ghts
ac<1 Shadow* of SplritusliFm." Pastor, Anna
I.. Gillespie. AH welcome.
B'.DLn Sp'ritual Church (Inc.)— Fermon. 2 p.
m.. subject. "Grd Revealed," by E. R. Da-
vta. Debate challenged. Tests also; ad-
misr.lon K'c. Wr.t Market Ft.. Crurader Hall.
THE Tr.ensor.hH-El Society — Col. H. S. Olcott.
ni^-l<lent- founder. Public lecture to-night at
H o'clock in GoHen Gate Hal). 025 Gutter
Ft., b/ C W. Lc-iiibeater of London: subject,
"Life After I>»nth." Admission 25c. i
M_BTI__»--SC___V. ~~
MME. YOUNG'S convincing spirit messages to- '¦
r.ight. l(>c. e.V.t HcAllUter st. ; all life, read-
lnr* Clv»n rtaily at residence, 7C0 Central
ave.. near Webster et.. Alamrda; skeptics
Invited.
MME. SEELEY. in spirit directed costume:
grand flower te*t meeting; mufic; Friendship
Hall, Odd F^lfjws 1 Lldg., 8 p. m.; ad. 10c.
MRS. EBBERIIART S Fpiritual test meeting
to-ni^ht. ij o'clock. l<>e. :J2.*A) T»\nty-second,
between Minsicn and Valencia.
Mrs. Stoddard's reanoes. 10c; te.«ts that people
can recognlie; Sun.. Tues. ; alt. dally. 278 OtK
EARLE'S marvelous seance to-night demon-
ctratlng slate-writing, etc. 1052 Ellis' st. ; 2&c.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. XTO McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer; sit, dally; tert to all every night; 10c.
KATIE HUESSMANN. Wa llarket. Clanthe
¦ Hall; spiritual meeting to-night, admis. free.
W. G. KEEGAN holds a test seance every
night except Sat., 10c; sit. 10 to 0. 148 6th.
TESTS, front hall. 009 Market. 2 __~7":30;
Mr. Wilton. Dr. Cowan; ordination; 10c.
SUKOAY LECTC'nKS.
DR. J. DEPEW KERGAN'S free lecture this
«x-enlr.g. Crystal Hall. Pythian Castle. 9WJ
Market st. ; subject, "The Etherlc Energy of
the Universe," followed by views of a tour of
the heavens; free tickets will be distributed
for X-ray exhibition at Sanitarium, Tuesday
evng.; remember question box; special music.
SWAMI TRIGUNATITA will deliver his eighth
lecture on "How to Become Most Beautiful"
to-night at 8 o'clock: admission 25c; he also
lectures on the "Gita" Monday evenings; ad-
mlsfilon 50c. 3 tickets $1. 40 Stelner St.; Ve-
danta Socletj-.
O. N. ORLOW will deliver a lecture
In Golden Gate Hall (uprtairs). C2a Sutter st
this evening at h o'clo k; subject by request, -
"Black Magic— Its Real Nature."
Good music and singing. Admission is free.
DR. A. J. McIVOfTtYNDALL of London
talks to-night. Stelnway Hall, 223 Sutter on
•Hypnotism— Good and Bad." Telepathic
and thought transference demonstrations.
-WHY 144,000?" "New Point of View " 11
and 7:30. T. Fritz of "Forward Movement."
Occidental Hall. Larkin and McAllister sts.
"NOW" lecturr-; Henry Harrison Brown; "The
. Thought That Sticks!" Odd Fellows' bulld-
Jn~. 8 p. m.
F. G. DE STONE. M. D., lecture. Golden Gate
Hall. Sunday. S p. m. Subject. "Circles and
Centers."
HENRY FRANK. Golden Gate Hall, to-day 11
o'clock; "Psychic Science Versus Miracles."
DR. PAYNE'S hypnotic entertainment. 317
Powell et.. h o'clock; admlFsion 10c.
— EBTIJVG .NOT1CKS.
CALIFORNIA Harbor No. 15. _^
American Association of 5^^_k>__
Marten- ar.4 Pilots— Officer* H'5j|gg___3^
iinj n:»-ml>er<« nre hereby re- "\fb&0*&*^^^
quested to attend the fu- "
oera! of our late brother. CAPTAIN DAVID
I>AVIES. THIS DAY (SUNDaT, at 1pm
LT^M U c n An^e k r n s\. X>arlOrl ° f "" T " fg«
R.N.PIPPEY.S^ref.^ MES - <* > - 1 *
ST. ANDREW'S Society— Irx-lng . ¦— ?
nigfat at the meeting room TO- CSV, £ii7 7
MORROW EVENING, In honor of \<J*_?<£r
SAMUEL IRVING. Members are
requested to be seated by .8 o'clock
P. LIVINGSTON DUNN, President.
CEO. ST. JOHN BREMNER. Secy.
TO the regular funeral detail of the >V-»A
Rlpgers- .r.d Stevedores' Union Asko- e^—>r
cjatlon. Local 222 cf the L L. M. ana T"
Assn.— The detail beginning with the name
of C. F. Anderson and up to and Including
Frank Agin will assemble at our hall t;ui
Front at.. SUNDAY. September 20. at 12 m.,
to attend the funeral of our deceased vice
president. Brother LEOPOLD JUZIX By
order of THOMAS F. BRYANT. President.
HENRY JEND. Recording Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission having re-
ceived applications to mine by hydraulic
process from C. A. Poage, In Phelps Hill
mine, near Washington, NevaSa County,
Cat., draining Into Jefferson Crrtk, which
reaches South Yuba River; from Plumas
Mines Company, In Plumas mines, near
Quincy, Plumas County. Cal., draining into
Squirrel Creek, which reaches North Fork of
Feather River; from - Excelsior Hydraulic
Mining Company, In Excelsior mine, near
Lowell IIUI. Nevada County. Cal.. draining
Into North Fork Steep Hollow Crtek. which
reaches Feather River, gives notice that
meeting will be held at room OG. Flood build-
, tr.g. Fan Francisco, Cat., September 2S, 1&03,movements of Steamers.
The French bark sBrtseux -wa» cleared on
Friday Ser Queenstown for orders with S063
ctla wheat, valued at 113,656, and 57,628 ctls
Grain for Europe.
Mariposa for Tahiti.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's liner Marl.
posa. Captain Rennie. will -sail at 11 o'clock to
day for Tahiti with passengers and frciybt.
SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 20.
Sua rises 5-55 a. m.
Sun seta • S'Jx* ™ -
Moon sets (r.ew> 5.1O a, m.
m Time Tlmel JTtme JTlmel'
? !-!_ Ft. Ft. f- Ft. f- FU
"0- 4:21! 'O.2;lO:^SJ 5.6| 4:41J ¦ 1.0iU:08| 3.S
SlUojl aJlgfl 5.T»:W W^-T
22 0:00 8.5 6:45 0.8 12:12 5.7 «:17 0.5
23 053 5.3 6:26 1.2 12:52 5.7 7:«4 O.V
"4 1:51 5.0 7:07 1.71 1:82 5.6 7:W a*
25 2:49 4.7 7:521 2:2| 2:17| 5.4} 8:53) 0.5
26 ,3;5O! 4.0 8:43; S.gj 3:04. 5.2J &:35; <\t>
XOTB In the above exposition! of til* tldws
the early nrorntnx tides are stiven In t&» laf t
hand column and the successive -tides of tB*
day In the order of occurrence as to tlma; ta%
fourth Um» column rives tba last tide of th»
day., except when there are but tfcrea tides. a«
sometimes occurs.- Th* ' heights xi^en ar» 1a
addition to th» soundlnss of the Cnlted State*
Coast Survey charts, except when th« number
given Is cnbtracted f rctn tns depth gtvaa : by
, the cbarta. The plane of reference U tht auj
, at ti« lower low water*. . /
* ... "
Branch Hydrographio Office, V.'-S. N., Msr
chants* Exchange. ' San Francisco. CiL.
September 10. 1003:- • ¦ • . .
The tlmo ball was not dropped to-day. , Ap
paratus temporarily deranged.
7 J. C BURNETT. :
Lieutenant, U. 8. N.. In charr*.
Time Ball.
1243 pkgs fresh fruit, 05 pkg* fresh vcrp.
tables, 32,000 lba dried fruit. 7730 lbs raisins.
15.806 lbs coffee. 102 pkgs paste. '30 pkgs gro
ceries and provisions. 434 . gals wine. 5 <-.«»
spices. 54,500 lbs malt, 441O lbs chocolate. 129
gals whisky, . 4404 lbs beans, GO pkgs' onions,
!> cs bakins powder, 666 cs canned soods. 25
drums glycerine, 76 cs arms and ammunition.
193 sks wood pulp, 0 bales twine, 21 pkgs paints
and Oils. 14 bdls paper. 2 cs shoes. 140 pkgs
machinery. 3 cs bicycles, 300 lbs copper. 1000
lba zinc. 15 cyls gas.
In addition to the "foregoing- the steamer
carried 2300 lbs dried fruit, valued at <160, en
route; to Dawson. and 3500 . lbs dried " fruit,
valued ' at $3SS.. en route < to Montreal.
¦ The steamer City of Pue.bla sailed on Frirta
for Victoria with an assorted cargo, consigned
to the r>ort of destination- and th* . principaj
British Columbian ports, valued at 122.704, and
including the following:
Merchandise for the North.
The ship Falls of Clyde was cleared yester
day for Hilo with an assorted merchandise
cargo valued at (67,183, and including: the fol
lowing:
538 bbls flour. 3025 gals 20 cs wine. 165 pkgs
groceries and provisions. 6S7 cs canned goods.
178 pkgs potatoes. 53O lbs 1 cs tobacco. 205.117
lbs bran, 00.102 lbs middlings. 7668 ctls barley,
."20 ctls wheat. 3463 bales hay. 104 ctls corn.
43S8 lbs 5 cs meal.". Kt pkg« paste. 310 lbs t«a.
500 lbs l.cs cheese. 933 lbs butter. 233S lbs
bean?. 5 cs honey. 30.000 lbs rice. 27 pkgs
onion*. 170 pkgs fresh fruit. 1778. lbs dried
fish. M>3 eals vinegar. DO bbls 10 half-bttls
salmon.' 24X7 U>* bread;- 16.000 lbs wit, 820
lbs ham and bacon. 56 pkgs syrup, SCO lbs lard.
150 lbs codfish. 20 bdls 12ft rx-s pipe. &S7 pes
? bdls iron,' 3a pkgs agricultural Implements.
59 pka tools and hardware. 30 rolls wire
fencing. 1042 pkgs paints and oils, 25 bxs
candles, 35- cs boots- and shoes, 23 tins m&tchea,
36 bxs soap, 7 pkgs paper. CCO bbls lime, 212
tons 83 sks coal, 11G8 lbs lead. 6008 lbs copper.
42.M0 gals crudo oil, 13 pkgs electrical sup
plies. 10 cs mineral water, 13. pkgs dry goods.'
868,040 lbs fertilizer. 10 pkgs "drugs. 202.S37
lbs nitrate of soda. 5 pkgs leather. 1000 gals
gasoline. 225 cs coal oil, 36_ pkgs wire, 34 cs
sewing machines. /
A Cargo for Hilo.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. ' From. _ J Due.
City Peking... China & Japan Sept. 20
Arctic - .. Humboldt .; Sept. 20
Corona' Humboldt ..;......... Sept. 20
Luxor Seattle Sept. 20
State Callforn San Diego & Way Pts.. Sept. 21
S Portland Portland & Astoria . . . Sept. 21
J Dollar Seattle & Taeoma Sept. 21
S. Barbara '.'.'.'. Han Pedro Sept 22
Phoenix...... Mendoclno |Sept. 22
SanMatco.... I aco !?*. • l| tjp J- S
Olvmulc kan Pedro ISept. 2J
NeVburg .... Grays Harbor Sept. 22
¦?.H.L?««t. Portland Sept. 22;
O. Lindauer.. Grays Harbor gept. 22
Alameda Honolulu ...Sept. 22 ;
a W Elder .. Portland A Astoria ISept. 22
I>el Norte.... Crescent City ISept. Si
Montara por t Harford |Sept. 83 J
\rVo . 'Re' River Ports SeP 1 - - 1
ited&nd'o.V. ... Humboldt Sept. 2T.
Czarina Coos Bay Sept. 23
S Monica-... Grays Harbor bept. 2J
Cbehalis Grays Harbor fS e Pt.- 23
Pomona Humboldt Sept. 23
Bonttiv Newport & Way Ports Sept. 2U
- Newport New York via Panama. Sept. 'Si .
£ ur eka Humboldt Sept. 24
SaritaRosa... San Diego * "Way Pts. Sept. 24
Point Arena... Mendocino & Pt. Arena Sept. 24
Queen Puget Sound Ports ....ISept. 24:
Coronado Graya Harbor .(Sept. 25
North Fork... Humboldt iSept. 25
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. OrfordiSept. 20;
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Pts. [Sept. 27
Curacao Mexican Ports .., Sept. 27
Columbia..... Portland •& Astoria.... Sept. 27
Ventura Sydney & Way Ports.. Sept. 28
Porte". [China &. Japan :. Sept. 28
Isls 'Hamburg * Way Ports. Sept. 28
Halnler i Scuttle & Whatoom. .. .ISept. 2s
Centennial I Seattle & Taeoma ISept. 25
tVntralla tOrays Harbor jSept. 28
rity Puebla . . I PuRet Sound Ports [Sept. 20
TO SAIL. :
Steamer. | Destination. | Sails. I Pier.
j September 20. | |"
S. Roga 'San Diego & Way.| 0 am|Pier 19
Columbia .' Astoria & Portlandlll am Pier 34
Mariposa. . . ! Tahiti Direct H am Pier 7
September —I.
Chlco Coquille River ... 8 pm Pier a
oiVmnir Whatcom & Fairh'n 4 pm Pier 2
e'^T-P. Humboldt 12 m Piex 13
S Barbara Seattle & Olympia. 4 pm Pier 2
Arcata C*° 8 B.&Pt. Orford 4 pm Pl-f 13
Chine Wo" China & Japan 2 pm Pier 27
I £?'"£ Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
i^ora"" Hwmnoldt l:30pPt er u
Coos 'Bay.'.'. ?an p?dr0 '* ' VVay - 9 am pter "
V.OOS DAY... Scptcmber « a |
<; Morica . l - os Angeles Ports. 12 m Pier 2
Redondo ... Los Angeles Ports. 3 pm Pier 2
Vrctlc HumlioUt |10 am|Pier 10
'2i..<l i.*.V. Huartt Soun.l Ports, ll amIPier-fW
Phoenix.... M'-ndocino City.... 1 pmfPier 13
St Paul;.. N'ome & St lllcliael 2 pm|Pier 20
r.tale of Cal. £«n Diego & Way. I B «m Pier 1H
Luxor ... I Hamburg &AVay..| 2 pm Pier 11
S Portland I Astoria & 1'ortlandi 4 pm Pier —
. j September SS. j
fan Pedro.. I Humboldt- f 4 pm Pier 2
Pomona Humboldt llrto.pPle? a
\ r co Eel River Pcrts ... 4 pm Pter 2
*MInnetonka New Tork direct Pier 23
G. Lindauer Grays Harbor: 4 pm PIer'10
U W. Elder Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
September SO.
Pt Arena/. Point Arena ...... 4 pm Pier 2
Bcnita Newport Way Pts. 9 am Pier 19
Chchalis... Grays Harbor J pm Pi;r 2
Newburc •• Grays Harbor .... 4 pm Pier 10
City Sydney N..Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
Alameda... Honolulu 11 am Pier 7
J. Dollar... Seattle & Taeoma.. 10 am Plsr 2
. September SS. - -
Ncrth Fork. Humboldt .....I 6 pm Pier 2
Queen Puget Sound Ports. Ill am Pier 3
September 20.
China China & Japan 1 pm Pier 40
Coronado Grays Harbor ..... 4 pm Pier: 10
FROM SEATTLE. '. . :. .
Steamer. For." . ' Halls.
Meteor Nome & St. Michael... Sept. 20
Portland .. Nome & St. Michael. . Sept. 2(1
Cottage City. . Skagway & Way Ports Sept. 2O
Nome City Nome fS«pt. 21'
Humboldt.... Skagway &. Way Ports. Sept. -21
Valencia Nome < Sept. »
Farallon Skagway & Way Ports. Sept. 33
Dolphin...... Skagway & Way Ports. Sept. 2tf
City Seattle... Skagway & Way, Ports. Sept. 20
Al-Kl. Skagway &. Way Ports. Sept. 26
City Topeka... Skagway & "Way Ports. Sept. 2S 1
Roanoke Nome & St. Michael... Sept. 28
Diriso...... • Skagway & Way Ports, j Sept." 2S
The Japanese steamer Hangk/i ff Maru sailed
yesterday, for Hongkong via Honolulu, Yoko
hama and Manila with a crneral merchandlg.
cargo valued at J202.10O. exclusive- of treasure
and distributed as follows: For Japan $34 S15
rhillpplne Islands. |41.4«2; China. $117'f.W» :
East Indie,. $5135; Korea. J211S; Slam, $337 1
Vladivostok. ?405. The leading exports were
as follows:
To Japan— 175O bbls flour. 6.^4 gals wine. 105O
lbs hops. 255 lbs bread. 1744 lbs 2 os ham and
bacon. -HtJO lbs butter. 850« lbs dried fruit
It pkgs fresh fruit, 2665 lbs cheese. S2 pk«
groceries and provisions. 9043 lbs sugar. 9851
lbs meals. 236 cs canned goods. 30) lbs lard
101 cs table preparations. 030 lbs codfish 80
bales hay. IS ctls oats. 5 cs wM*ky. S03 lbs
nuts. 43 pkgs paste. 250 Iba raisins 12 ca ex
tracts. 10 cs salmon. 131 pkgs bicycles and
sundries.. 50 rolls 1 ca leather. 4442 lbs bark;
50 flasks quicksilver. 41 pkgs electrical supplies
JJ76O gals alcohol. 13 pkers agricultural Imple
ments. 7 pkga paper. 67 es p&inU, ltf ca rubber
shoes. 21 head cattle. 100 bxs soap. S3 pkgs
drugs, S pkg.i machinery.
To Philippine Islands— 10 bbls flour. 46.1S3
lbs beans. 70 pkgs fresh fruit. 523 casks beer
S61 cs canned goods. 141 pk^s groceries and
provisions, 200 lbs raisins. 1524 lbs nuts. 504
ells oats. 1200 lbs coffee. I»3 bales hay. 48 cs
spices, 20S cs whisky, 900 lbs candy, SCO Iba
gum. 246,.">37 feet lumber. R4 pkgs machinery.
1S6 pkgs paints. 19 pkgs electrical supplies. 3
bdls wire. SO pkgs drugs. SPO Kegs vhltc lead.
4" pkgs bicyoies and sundries. 21 es typewriters
and parts, T.O7. pkgc pipe and fittings. 60 pkgs
cartridges; 2 os shoes.
To china— 15.146 bbls flour. S310 lbs ginseng.
150 lbs raisins. 17<X> lbs dri»d fruit. 4042 lbs
beans. 721 cs canned goods. 103 pkgs groceries
and provision;", 3000 lbs peas, SlO pkgs fresh
fruit, 1500 lbs pearl barley. 405-t* lbs cheese,
3630 Iba codfish. 330 lbs hops. K cs whisky,
21.708 lbs bran. 53S0 lbs bread. 25 pkgs paste.
.T30 s>ks potatoes. 33,732 lbs " pkgs prepared
fish. 739 lbs ham and bacon, 563 lbs nuts. S5
•en ealmon. S70 lbs 3 cs meals, 500 flasks quick
silver, 1 ca shoes, 14 cs soap. 55 cs linseed oil,
23 drums paint.
To East Indies — 13.006 lbs hops. 2465 lbs
dried fruit. 205 en whisky. 50 cs liquors. 38 cs
salmon, ISO cs canned goods, S cs table prepa
rations.
To Korea — 1445 lbs meals, 8 cs canned goods.
S pkgs groceries and provisions. 6 pkgs dry
goods. 4 plrgs steel. 23 pkgs assaying- material.
V, pkgs paints, u flasks quicksilver. 1 cs drugs.
To Slam — 9 cs canned goods, 10 cs valmon,
IS pkgs groceries and provisions, 27 cs table
preparations. 749 lbs tallow.
To Vladivostok— 7 cs arms and ammunition.
Exports by the Japanese Liner.
The latest lumber charters reported are-
The French ship Andre Theodore, from British
CclumbU to Cork United Kingdom, chartered
In England: barkentlne KokoIlPRd from
ChemaJnus to Shanghai; bark«»ntln*. Makawell.
from Falrhaven to Shanghai; British shio
2r?S5! frolI > BrltUh Columbia to South Africa,
The British nteamer Vermont is chartered
[andYo e^ut fl h°Afr a ica. merChan<ilS0 P ° rt *
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The French cruiser Protct. which has been
at this port since the middle of July, sailed
yesterday for Esquimalt. whero she will be
drydocked at the British navy yard. Durinz
the Protct's stay in this port the cruiser's offi
cers have bten extensively entertained and have
in turn made local society welcome aboard the
war vessel. The sole remaining occupant of
man-of-war row Is the cruiser Boston, which
has Just gone into commission agraln after an
extensive overhauling. The Boston will be op«n
to visitors this afternoon. *
Protet Leaves for Esquimalt.
The Pacific Mall Company's steamship Colon
sailed yesterday for Panama and way ports.
She carried a full cargo and passengers as fol
lows:
o J -,/-,, M fi Uen ' Mrs - W - Kon l*» Georse Konls.
S. McMullen. Max Rosser. John Harper F
Zlnkowsky. C. Byrnstroul. John Bententecoste
A. Kunz, John Constantino and wife, M Carr'
T. Naucett. Mrs. U de Martm and two cbll-
Colon Sails for Panama.
Shipping Intelligence. .
arrived.
Saturday, September 13.
Stmr Iaqua, Bcnlfleld. 23 hour" from Eureii.
Stror Edith. Hall, 98 hours from Seattle!
Stmr Eureka." Jessen, '2i hours from Eureka.
Stmr Alltak, Rasmus^en. 1!) days from. All
talc.
Stmr Arcata. Nelson. 63 hours from Coo*
Bay. . ...
Stmr Prtatias. Ahlstrom, O hours firm 3*3
Pedro.
Stmr Umatilla, Nopander. 5D hours frota
Victoria and Puset Sound ports.
Stmr Samoa, Madsen, 13 hours from Caspar,
bound south; put in. to land passengers.
Pmr Cella. Ncrdberg". 22 hours frcm-Mea
doclno.
Stmr Greenwood. Johaaon, 15 hours frosi
Albion.
Stmr Xavarro, Weber. 51 hours from R»
dondo.
Br ship Peter Iredale, Lawrencs 7T days
from Newcastle, Aus.
Bark Levt G Burgess, /oucggrsn, 12 day3
from Chlynik Bay.
Brig Lurllae, Forest, 5H days from Grays
Harbor.
Schr Newaxlc. Rsimrtsen. 12 hount (raxa
Stewarts Point. . .
CLEARED.
Saturday. September li>.
Stmr Mariposa, Rennie, Tahiti; J D SprecS
els A Bros Co.
Stmr Colon. Irvine. Panama and. way pcrts:
Pac Mall S S Co.
Btmr Columbia. Doran. Astoria; Oregon H R
& Nav Co.
Stmr North Fcrk, Nelson, Eureka: Th» Chia
Nelson Co.
Ger «tmr Eva. Peterson. Portland; J 3
Moore & Co.
Jap Btmr Honskone Maru. F1!m?r. It^njka-.*.
Yokohama and Honolulu; W 11 Avery.
Ship Falls of Clyde, Matson, HUo. J D
Sprecke!s & Bros Co.
SAILED.
Saturday. September 13.
Stmr Pomona. Swanson. Eureka.
Stmr Alcazar. Martin. Green-wo«d.
Stmr Point Arena. Miller. Mendoclns.
Ktmr Noyo, Johnson. Fort* Bra sg.
Stmr Alliance, Hardwlek. Portland. \ v >
Stmr Argo, Dunham. Eel Elver.
Stmr Montara. Uellly, Port Hurford.
Stmr Samoa. Madsen. Port Los Angelas.
Stmr Colon, Irvine. Panama and way port*.
Stmr North Fork, Nelson. Eureka.
Stmr Rival. McClements. Willapa Harbor.
Jap stmr Hongkong Maru, Filmer, Ii:r? •
kong. Yokohama and Honolulu.
Ft war stmr Protet. Adlgard. Esquicjait.
Br bark Invereak. Kin*. London.
Schr Philippine. Fredertcksen. Tacorra.
Pchr Berwick. Llnbrldge. Rosue Ri^er. •
Schr Sailor Boy, Luermann. Grays Harbor.
Schr Dauntless. Smith. Graya Harbor.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— Sept 19. 10 p m— Weathir
thick; wind SW: velocity 8 miles per hour.
MISCELLANEOUS.
ST VINCE.NT. Sept IS— Br ship Morven.
bound frcm Cardiff for Honolulu, previously
reported, dischargo of cargo completed; ccaJa
now landed are heated: have been surveyed aftrl
recommended th*y be sold as unsafo to reshrp.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
TACOMA— Sailed Sept 13— Stmr San Mate?,
for San Francisco.
TACOMA— Arrived Sept 13— Schr El Dorada,
from Port Townsend.
MENDOC1NO— Sailed Sept IS— Stmr * C;!ta.
for San Francisco.
MEN DOCINO— Arrived Sept 13— Stmr rh:« J 
nlx. h«nee Sept 1*.
PORT TOWNSEND — Passed In ?-pt 13 —
Schr Honolulu, for Anacortes; schr El Dorado,
for Taeoma.
PORT TOWNSEND — Passed out Sept 13 —
Schr Spokane, for Son Francisco.
CHIGNIK BAY— To aall Sept T — Bark Guy
C Goss. for Seattle.
PORT LT;diX>W— Sailed Sept 13 — Br bark
Bermuda, for Port Plrie.
SEATTLE — Arrived S*pt IS— Stmr Rainier,
hence Sept 13; stmr Cottage City, from Skax-
Salled Sept IS — Br stmr Maeauense. tor Si
beria via Nome. Sept 13 — Jap stmr lyo Maru.
for Hongkong". .
PORT HA RFORD— Sailed Sept 19. 6 a n>—
Stmr Coos Bay. for San Francisco. ;
PORT HARFORD — Sailed 8<pt 19 — Stair Bo
nlta, for San Pedro. h*neo S»pt 18.
ASTORIA— Arrived Sept 13— Br stmr Iaira
pura. from Yokohama. .'. '
\STORI A— Sailed Sept 13— Stmr South Port
land and »chr W F Gams, for San Franctacj.
REDON DO— Arrived Sept 13— 3tmr Signal,
hence Sept 17. ,., t*. ? .
TVTOOSH — Passed, out Sept 13 — Br stmr
Monna. -f mm -Victoria for Brisbane. ,
T-VTOOSH — Passed in Sept 10 — Stmr aims
o!a,*h<<ncp 16 for Taeoma.
TATOOSH— Parsed out i^Dt 13 — Schr Se
quel, from Olympia for San Fedra. _
TATOOSH— Pa?sed In Sept 13— Chil bar*
Antoinette, from Iquiquo for Pugwt .^nind
SOUTH BEND — Arrived Sept 13— Schr vol
unteer, hence S»pt 1. ;•-•• .. - • •
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Sept 1»— Bear Spo
kane, for San Francisco. ,,_._. ,__-' fc
PORT BLAKELBY— Sailed Sspt 13— Scar
"Man' E Foster, for Honolulu.
ALITAK— Sailed September 9— Bark Gath
erer, for San Francisco. .,^-i;:*
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Sept 13— PtEiTS Na
tional City and Brooklyn, for San Francisco.
SAN DIEGO — Arrived Sept 19 — Br ship Kel
bU Sailea°Sept°r!>-Schr Esther Buhne, for Eu
r< a "c vN PEDRO— Arrived Sept 13— Stmr Rath,
from Bihlers Point; stmr Fulton, from Bo-wens
PfPt 13— Schr Joseph Ruis. for Co
lumbia River; ttmrs Olympic and South Coast,
for San Francisco; schr Marion, for Willapa;
bktn Portland, for Taeoma. ¦ • ¦
EUREKA— Sailed Sept 13— Stmr Arctic, for
C Sept 13^-Stmr Sequoia, from Tin*
"XBERDEEN-Arrived Sept 13-Schr Henr/
Wilson, henre Sept 2.
Sailed S«rt 13-Stmr Newburjr. for San rratt
dsco. ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU— Arrived Sept .13— Bark *»>»>£:
Gaelic, for Hongkong: bktn Wrestler, for GrajW
"oHN'b^-LU- Arrived top* l»r-Bark Abb7
Palmer, fipm Newcastle. NSW.
. FOREIGN PORT5>.
tMp°?££%zn<l. from Hamburg fW Fort li»
An^N-r^-ERP-Sailed Sept 17-Brahip Mad*.
eaacar for San 1* ra.nei3co.
GUVYAQT'IL— Sailed Sept S— Ger stmr pea*
d T0 h k0HVMA^a^d Sept 13-Jap stmr Nlp-
Cr HONGKON J G^Amved prior to Sept 13-B?
"^L^S & M-Cer rt mr Ntcarla.
%A^lwSSfled Sept 17-Stmr Xe^ort.
Sept IS-Cor ship lltno-
.t«r-:i»
Maru, for Yokohama.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Bept 13-Stmr Cp»
b^llid n L.pt Ve rTs"tmr Vad.rland. for
l^ndon- Vtmr St Louis, for Southampton.
.^QUBESSTOWN-Sallrf Sept 13-Stmr An
for NewYork; «mr La Champagne, for New
Y ANTWEBP-SaiIed.Sept 13-St3ir. Z^Iand,
Sept 10-Stmn LucaniJ
"!£%£'*& k Mayflower. frc^Bo*
t0 LIVERPOO^-Arrtved Se r t 13-Etmr Crtjc.
dam, from New York.
Sun, Moon and Tid».
T'nit*** states Coast and Geodstlc Survey-"
T?ne aS- H^Ucts of Hl*U «u* If-
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to Saa
Sn "sc^ Bay Published by official «tt
thortty of the Superintendent. . '
NOTC^-The high and low waurs occur «t
tiil clt* front (itiasion-streBt whart> about 23
mtaut« liSr tha^at Fort Point: tH* height <>*
tlds Is the tame at both pUces. •
Honolulu— Miss C. Howell. Miss F. Howell,
J. M. Holt; Mr. Patton. Mrs. Pattonand maid,
Rav. J. Zimmerman, Mrs. J. Zimmerman.
Hongkong— G. A. Ainley. Rot. M. J. Coldren,
Mrs. M. J. Coldren. G«»rard de Barry. Mrs.
Gerard de Barry. A. W. Dow. Mrs. A. W.
Dow. D. F. Dow, Azro Dyer. Mrs. Azro Dyer,
Lee Fungr, Mrs. Lee Fung and two children,
Mrs. M. Gage. E. Hardy. C. II. Henderson.
William B. Jones. Ed Lyons, J. F. Macartney.
Mrs. J. F. Macartney, Jacob Mlllenmler. F.-e.
Montgomery. J. L. D. Morrison. L G. Nolaaco
d« Silva, Miss S. H. Smith, Mrs. R. Thornbuhr.
M. de P. "Webb.
Manila— Mrs. M. du H. Clagett. - Miss Adele
Clagett. Dr. R. H. Creel. L. M. A. Domalain.
Miss B. A. "Dwyer. Miss E. M. Elwyn. Samuel
Fericuson, G. V. Hahn, Mi»s J. 3. Jackson, TV.
E. Moore. C. G. Murray, if. F. Phelan. Rev.
C. L. Piekett. Mr«. C. U Pickett and child, Is
rael Putnam, Mrs. Israel Putnam, Thomas
nawson, Mrs. Thomas Rawson. A. J. Rice.
Bishop F. Z. Rooker, Lester Ross, Mtss M. : E.
Scott. G. L. Shlnkle, T. W. Stradk. Dr. C. "W".
Vogel. Miss E. J. Wardle, Dr. W. S. TVaahburn,
Rev. H. W. TVlddoes, Mrs. H. W. TVlddoes and
infant
Kobe — Miss R. T. Ambruster. G. Yamazakl.
Nagasaki — Vv*. . S. Blssounette, Mrs. Patrick
Brady, Miss Dorothy Jones, Paul Maslin, Miss
G. B. Travis, W. hi. Wood. Rev. J. W. Yost.
For Yokohama— Mr». A. h. Bagnall, VT. D.
Ba&naH. N. D..Cbew Jr.. Miss L. M. Dudley.
Miss Edith Freeland, A. Muenchmeyer. T. Mu
ral. Mrs. Y. "Mural and two children. .John Sple
ffelbergr. Mrs. M. Tanaka. T. P. Terry. Mrs. T.
P. Terry and child. Baron Curt von Lowenateln.
Among those going to Manila are Drs.
B. H. Creel and C. W. Vojel of the United
States Marine Hoipltal Service. They are
going on duty. In connection with the
Philippine quarantine system. Bishop F.
Z. Booker of the Roman Catholic church
was another Manila passenger. ! He is so
ing to Panay. Israel Putnam, publisher
of the Manila Cable Ntws,' left on the
Hongkong..
The Hongkong carried seventy-five Chi
nese, of whom seven were deported from
"Western Texas. No chances were taken
with the deported Chinese, the bureau
having half a dozen watchmen guard
ing them from the time they reached the
wharf until tha liner sailed.
The passengers - Included the following
named:
cargo. She also took treasure
valued at about 1200,000. Th© Hongkong
calls at Manila this trip and for the
Philippine port has thirty-two passengers.
THE Toyo Kisen Kaisha's Hong
kong- Jiaru sailed yesterday for
the Orient with a full complement
of passengers and S400 tons of
barley, valued at 167.710. Th; bark als» Hal
2J.0CO feet lumber as dunnaje, valued it 1330.
SAILING OF HONGKONG MARU
FOR THE ORIENT WITH MANY
PASSENGERS FOR PHILIPPINES
THE SAN FB ANCISCO CAI/L, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 20, 1903.
43
LOST AJfD FOTJIfD— Continued.
LOST — In Call building, diamond stud. Return
8. F. Club. Call bldg.; reward.
LOST — Black cocker bitch. Return 1311 Mason
st.; reward.
LOST— September 1, bulldog; color brlndle.
white chest and feet; ears and tall cut; collar
and license; Answers to name Major or Kid:
$10 reward. 1310 Baker nt.. near Geary.
LOST— Lady's puree containing $50; liberal
reward. Finder please address box 4322. Call.
LOST— A 6t Bernard dog about 2 years old.
Return to S48 Thirtieth st.. Oakland; reward.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the California
-Watch Case. Co., 220 Sutter et.. needs old
gold and silver to make new watch cases.
MEDICAL. : 4
VALPEATTS female pills; best regulating pills
sold: price $2 CO by express. Pasteur's
syringe and tablets: price $2 60. By express
only on receipt of price. OSOOOD BROTH-
ISRS. wholesale druggists, Seventh and
Broadway. Oakland.
MRS. DR. WTETH. specialist for all female
complaints: instant relief guaranteed; 30
years' experience; removed to &26 Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
i male troubles and irregularities; instant re-
llef guaranteed. 1008*4 Market st. opp. oth.
DR. O. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
In trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints; positively corrected; the unfor-
tunate helped; the most difficult caees treat-
ed; advice free. Office, 1018 Market st.
Drs. Goodwin, 733 Turk. nr. Van Ness— Expert
In obstetrics, female complaints: in*t. relief;
treatment IIP; hours. 10 to B; 25 yra. exper.
MRS. D. ALLEN7 1118 Market— Reliable ladles'
epeclallst; a private home before and during ,
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
DR.- and MRS. DAVIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 1126 Market st.
DR. ROSEN moved to 2995 Folsom et., corner
26th; relief >10: ladles' exclusive office.
DR. NG TOT KEE. 319 Powell St.. opposite
Union square; all diseases cured by herbs.
BOOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A COZY 3-room apartment; $30 up; free hot
baths; electric lights: call to-day. Knicker-
bocker Apartments, 1340 Pint St., near Hyde.
ANTLERS, 415 Turk st.— Strictly modern; 4-5
room apartments; fur. or unfur. for hskpg.
CALIFORNIA. 1563. near Polk — New and ele-
gantly furnished housekeeping rooms; also
suite and Eingl? rooms.
CHURCH. £63— For rent, two nicely furnished
connecting rooms for housekeeping: running
water, closets and all conveniences: both Fill-
more and Market-st. can pass door.
ELEGANTLY furnished suite or single; gas
and bath; near Park Panhandle. Box 1776,
Call office.
FELL, 22S — Elegantly furnished suites for
housekeeping; bath. gas. range; adults.
FRANKLIN. 1459— Elegant housekeeping apart-
ments, 2, 3 and 4 rooms; elngle rooms also.
GEARY, S7S — Very large sunny front room,
with kitchen. |23; sunny back suite, $15.
HARRISON, 1104. cor. Seventh— Nicely fur-
nlshed front room, sunny corner, and one
single room, cheap.
HERBERT (The) — Sunny apartments for
housekeeping; gas ranges; just rewly fur-
nlshed. 1S30 Polk st.
1 LARKIN. 4S3 — Nicely furnished rooms for
housekeeping.
LARKIN. €21— Two or three sunny connecting
rooms furnished complete; gaa range; $18.$27.
LASKIE. 27. off Mission, bet. Eighth and
Ninth — 3 sunny furnished housekeeping
rooms; rent cheap.
MARKET. 1537—2 or 3 unfurnished rooms for
housekeeping.
MISSION. 1514. near Eleventh — Single sunny
front room; large closet.
OAK. 3S — 4 sunny unfurnishrd housekeeping
rooms. Jl.">; aleo 2 others, f7; adults.
PIERCE. 419—2 newly furnished rooms; can
be used for light housekeeping if necessary.
; PINE. 1909 — Furnished and unfurnished, sunny
housekeeping suites of 2 or 3 rooms.
POST, COO — Sunny front rooms, furnished for
housekeeping.
¦ POST. 1C2S — In modern flat. 203 rooms, house-
keeping privileces, from $10 up.
SEVENTEENTH. 3432 — 3 sunny rooms and
bath for housekeeping.
ii\ JAMES. McAllister and Laguna— Fur-
nlshed tunny suite, with separate sunny
kitchen; gas range; all complete for house-
keeping; 515 up.
SUTTER. 1770— Sunny front alcove room, with
us<i of kltrhen; references: reasonable.
THE Clllespie. 11» Ninth et. — Nlceir furnished
rooms. $1 60 to $3 per week; phone; quiet.
TURK. 619 — Handsomely furnished alcove
room, connoting kitchen: water; 3 closets.
VALENCIA. 223 — Sunny suite; bay-window;
newly furnished; gas range; phono; one Einglc
also if desired; quiet place.
A BRANCH office, fcr Call advertisements and
subscriptions, has been established at lOiWJ
Valencia st.
APARTMENTS TO LET.
EL MONTEREY, the city's newest apartment
hotel, located on the north side of Pine st.,
between Hyde and Leavenworth; a superb
brick building of Spanish architecture; all
the comforts of housekeeping combined with
the conveniences of hotel life;, prices very
reasonable.
KOOMS TO LET — Fnra. tad L'nfurau
A— THE AUDITORIUM HOTEL.
THE AUDITORIUM HOTEL,
115 AND 117 EDDY ST.
115 AND 117 EDDY ST.
MOST MODERN AND UP-TO-DATE HO-
TEL DOWNTOWN; 150 ROOMS; 35 SUITS
WITH PRIVATE BATH; ELECTRIC
LIGHTS; STEAM HEATED THROUGH-
OUT: TELEPHONE IN EVERY ROOM-
SUITS WITH BATH. <1 60 TO f2 50 PER*
DAY; SINGLE ROOMS, 75c TO $1; HOT
WATER DAY AND NIGHT. TELEPHONE
SOUTH 1C41. ¦
A AfcHWORTH
520 MASON ST.. b*>t. Geary and OTarrell.
....ROOMS SINGLE AND EN SUITE....
..PRIVATE BATH— BOARD OPTIONAL...
SUN IN ROOMS ALL DAY
A— BRUNSWICK House. 143 Sixth— Rooms
25c to $1 per night, $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open ail night.
AT "The Almonte." 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth «t.)— Rooms. 25c, 50c, fl, $1 50 night;
$1 60 to ?10 week; house open all night.
BURNETT. 1428 Market— (old No. 1304)— Fur>-
nished rooms, suite, single: also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason-EIegantly
furaish^d sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 50c
to $1 5o night; $2 to $3 week; reading-room.
HOTEL GRAYSTONE
66 Geary et. : phone Bush 8S0.
Centrally located fireproof hotel; elegantly
furnished suites, with baths and singles.
HYDE. 10 — Sunny front room; also back room;
private family; reasonable.
HYDE. SIP — '1 sunny front rooms, en suite or
single; also runny front room, single; private
familv; reasonable.
JESSIE. :?C3. east of U. S. Mint— Furnished
rooms, $5 per month: for 2, $10.
LARJCIN. S17^ — Nicely furnished eunny front
room; large oleset; reasonable.
MISSION. 180GA, cor. Fourteenth Ft.— Newly
furnished sunny bay-window; al! conven-
iences; reasonable.
MISSION. 2022— Sunny single furnished room.
MONTGOMERY. 131— Newly fur. sunny double
rowis; Rentlemen: mo. h, week $2, day S^c.
OFARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator: elec. lights; day. week, tno.
PINE. 090 — Elegantly furnished rooms; new
flat; prU'ste family.
PLEASANT. 70, off Jones, near Clay— Single
room; bath and phone.
PRIVATE family; elegantly furn'lshed eulte;
lavatory, hot and cold water, bath, telephone;
accessible; gentlemen; refs. Box 1781, Call.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis— Incandescent lights,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par- i
lor: rooms rxr night, 35c to $1 50; week, $2
to $8: month. tS to $30; elevator on ground '
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
ST. JAMES. McAllister and Laguna— Front
eunny rooms; all new; very cheap; telephone
Page 5751.
SUTTER, 1770— Sunny front alcove room; ref-
erences: reasonable.
TU'IK. 121 £ — Furnished, unfurnished and
housekeeping rooms. --». I
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy st.. near Market—
400 single and family rooms; 35c to $1 night;
51 75 to *6 week; elevator; electric lights;
reading-rpom: free bus and baggage.
WKKSTER, 56 — Elegantly furnished front par-
lor suite of rooms: all conveniences; private
family; for 2 gentlemen or man and wife.
WINCHESTER. Hotel. 44 34 st.. nea- Market—
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
35c to $1 50 night; |2 to $8 week: elevator;
elec. lights: reading-room: free busy baggage.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subseriptione has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
BOOMS AND BOARD.
STEVENSON Sla^slon^SoY^anforau'
tractive and sightly rooms; -best table and
service.; .lowest rates. •¦ ¦ . ¦ ¦ ¦.
! VAN NESS ave.. 1714— Private board! ngr-house.
home like, everythingr flrrt class; eunny
suites; single rooms; choice locality; ref.
HAYES. 671 — Nice front room with' board for
gentleman; private family; reasonable.
SUNNY front suites with board. 616 Taylor at.
BOARD and lodging In private family; Eunny
front rooms. 2521 Sutter et.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
WANTED — Two or threa unfurnished rooms;
must be cheap; adulti. Box 17S4, Call office.
HCOMS WANTED.
FURNISHED room, suitable for 2; separate
beds; in reflned family; bet. Geary, Haight,
and Market sts. Box 1602. Call,
EXPERIENCED lady teacher will give piano
lessons in exchange for room. Box 1778, Call.
STORAGE AND WAHEHOUSES.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.: furniture,
household goods stored, moved shipped. 728-
731 Howard St.. near Third; phone Grant 161.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co of-
flce Poet and Powell sts.; tel. Priv. Ex. 871.
CONKLIN'S storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 883 Golden Gate ave.; phone East 126.
GOLDEN West Storage: advances made: 8*0
Mission St.; tel. Howard 041. F. W. Zehfnss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmora st.; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 11 Montgomery
St.; tel. Main 1840. Shipping at cut rates.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR C C. O'DONNELL^-Offtce and residence.
1021H Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL, 1073^4 Market st. *
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor:
treats all . diseases of the human body: for
past four years at 115-117 Mason: now lo-
cated at 667 Geary st., near Leavenworth.
j DR. TONO PO CHY, successor to Dr. Ll Po
Tal. herb doctor; cures all diseases of human
by use of herbs and teas- 727 Washington st.
WONO WOO. the famous herb doctor — All dls-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-3 Clay st.
STUTTERING ASP STAMMERING.
MELBOURNE School. Van Ness-Market— Cure
, in every case; individual teaching; no medl- '¦
_ cine. Inquire Into wonderful cures; home cure. '
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Peter A. Madsen, S2, city, and Mary Craig
SO, city.
Moses Llebert, 21. 371 Oak street, and Esther
Erlanger. 18, 2218 California street.
Carl Graner. 27. Benlcla. and Louise J. J
Kreh, 17. Benlcla.
Carl Peterson, 85, 295 Parker avenue, and
Charlotte Nelson. 28, 171 Cook street.
William J. Horton. 30, city, and Lila M.
Joseph' B. ' Carey. 33, 054 Post- street, and
Alice M. Moore. 23. Eureka.
John J. O'Brien. 21. Oakland, and Mary E.
Kelley. 18, Jackson.
Frederick W. Voorhees, 21, Santa Rosa, and
Sadie M. Green, 18. Santa Rosa.
George J. Becht, 50, city, and Evalyn Stew-
art. 20, Vlsalla.
John Pearson. 46, 43 Prospect avenue, and
Catherine. Ohlsen. 49. 1346 Valencia street.
Louis E. Johnson. 32. 12."<> Market Etreet,
and Frankre B. Jenkes, 22. 212 Second street.
Harry W. Roche, 22, 420 Eddy street, and
Mattie L. Jackson. 21. 420 Eddy street.
Hugh Geherty, 26, city, and Alma Qulnn,
20, city.
Joseph Lawlor, 21. 43 Sheridan street, and
Mary A. Kiernan, 26, 43 Sheridan street.
"William Ingmersen. 20. SCO Folsom street,
and Katie Halk. 2S. 2708 Twenty-first street.
Antonio Torri. 2fl. 40A Albert lane, and
Teresa Ratto. 19. 4OA Albert lane.
Angelo Brovelli. 26, St. Helena, and Angela
Forni. 21. St. Helena.
Thomas Fewer, 28, city, and Alice Tlerney,
26. city.
Patrick Frar.ier. 62. 1403 Devisadero street,
and Mary Klely, SS, 402 Central avenue.
John A. Kelly. 21. 2O 1 . Ivy avenue, and Eliza-
beth Kennedy. 21. 1C20 Howard street.
Beverly f . Taylor, 32. 320 Taylor street, and
Elizabeth Kenny, 22. Sonora,
Frank Goodman. 21, 148 Sixth street, and
Klta Mahan. 21. 148 Sixth street.
Rokuro Nakahata, -".9. 1333 Pine street, and
Sana Ninomiya. 27, 13-1,3 Pine street.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS
Birth', marriage and death notices sent' by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication officer and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
\ : < BOBN.
COFFKY— In this city. September 16, 1003. to
the wife of Joseph Coffey, a son.
COSGROVE— In this city, August .°.l. 1903, to
the wife of John P. Cosgrove. a daughter.
GOKTZE— In this city. August 17. 1003. to the
wife of Aug. E. Goetze Jr., a eon.
HAYMANN— In this city, September 12. 1003.
to the wife of T. C. Ilaymann, a daughter.
HAT— In this city. September 11, 1903, to the
; wife of John F. Hay. a son.
I McELROT — In this city, August 22. 1003. to
the wife of John J. McElroy, a daughter.
MOTE— In this city. September 9, 1903, to the
wife of S. H. Mote, a daughter.
MUNDER — In South San Francisco, September
1C. 1903. to the wife of Emll Munder, a
daughter.
'¦ PINKNEY— In this city. September 12. 1903,
to the wife of Joseph Plnkney, a daughter.
: ItADEMANN— In this city. September 14, 1903,
to the wife of John H.- Rademann, a son.
BOBBINS — In this city. September 9, to the
wife of Samuel R. Robblns. a son.
SEIKE — In Honolulu. September 6, 1003, to the
wife of Richard Koike (nee Conway), a
daughter.
TOTMAN— In this city. September 4, 1903. to
the -wife of I. C. Totrnan, a son.
TUTTICH— In this city, to the wife of M. A.
. Tuttich. a son.
WALTER— In this city. September 19. 1903, to
the wife of Alfred 'Walter, a daughter.
WARREN— In this city. September 15, 1903,
I . to the wife of E. K. Warren, a daughter.
WETHERN—In East Oakland. Kor>lemb«r 19,
1003. to the wife of G. II. Wethern, a son.
WILLIAMS — In this city. September 17, 1903,
to the wife? of C. D. Williams, a son.
_____
BARTHE— RKIDT— In this city. September 14,
19'JO. by the Kev. .1. Fuendeling, Joseph
Barthe and Marie Reidt.
! BREESER— MILTF.NBERGER— In this city. '
September 16. l!»03. by the llcv. J. Fucnde-
llng-. Gustave Breessr and I'aullne Miltcn-
berger.
BROOCK — PRETE— In this city. September 12
1IHW, at the Spanish Church, by the Rev.
Father Jose, Carlos Broock and Maria Prete.
both cf San Francisco.
CATHCART— RANDALL— In this city, Sep-
tember 10, 1DG3. by H. H. Bell, at tha First
Vnited Presbyterian Church, Charles Robert
Cathcart and Gertrude Gladys Randall, both
of this city.
GRAF— OLIVER— In this city. September 10.
1903, by the Rev. J. Fuendeling, Frank Graf
and Hattlo Oliver..
'HANNEGRESS— STEHN— In this city. Sep-
tember 15. 1SW3. Charles Reinpr Hannegress
• of Santa Cruz, Cal., and Sophia Stehn of San
Francisco.
KEEGAN— HART— In this city. August 15,'
1903. by the Rev. Father Cottle. James Brad-
ley Keegan and Mabel Emily Hart, both of
San Francisco.
TILLMANY— PACJUET— In this city. Septem-
ber H, 1003, by the Rev. J. Kuendeling,
Frederick Tillmany and Amelia Pa/juet.
DIED.
Bonnot. Trank Kelly, R. R.
Borrtnan, John C. Ken-, AJice M.
Bowman. Mary Lyncn. James H.
Bredlow, Herman . McCarthy. James E.
Collins. Asa W. McNamara, Margaret
Conway, Michael Mayer. Otto
Costello, James Mohr, J. Henry
Davles. Cart. David Norln, Mary A.
Deicke. otto R. R. Ohm. Louis
De Martini, Teresa Piaggio. Angela
Diehl. Henry C. Prescott, William A,
Dlmmlck, Dr. F. E. Sophey, Jane E.
Fearr. Edith E. Tod. ElUa B.
Gamble. William P. Toland, James - .
HolTner, Hannah Wood, John W.
HoCTner. Johannah Whipple. Jeanette
Johnson. Mrs. Emma Zickel. Louis
Juzlx, Leopold Zonker, Ernest
Keating, Mary J.
BOKJsOT— In this city. September 17, 1903.
Vrank. dearly beloved husband of Annie
Bonnot. and loving father of Mamie. Min-
nie, Ruth, Walter, Eugene and Marsells
Bonnot, a native of France, aged 42 years U
months and 20 days, - -
E7Frlend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday, September 20. 1903. at 1 o'clock, at
his late residence, 1442 Cortland avenue, near
San Bruno road. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery.
BORRMAN— In this city, September 16, 1903,
John C, beloved husband of the late Au-
gusta Borrman,*father of Henry A. Borrtnan.
and brother of Christiana Tietjen, h. native
of Germany, ascd 74 years 1 month and 7
days. i ' Bjtl'tlMD.-H»wtJ
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral -Sunday.
September 20, 1903, at 1 o'clock, from the
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
OEORGE AOKI. *21 Poet St.; t*L Bush 135—
Japanese -Chinese eroplorment office ; fu r .
>jt«hes best help; contracts for farm belp, etc
A "^? RPIlEUiI Em&loymer.t Office— Japanete-
Chlnege help. 426 Powell. Tel. Main 6752.
A - — GRAND Jap&nese-Chlaete Erap. Office, 413
Stockton: tel. Gract 1CS; expert, reliable help.
'-HINESK Employment Office— Beet help at
Leon Seong-c. 411 'fr OTarrell; tel. Eaat 426.
r.ELlAliCE Jtpane&e-Chiaese Employment Of-
flc*: all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 518*».
and Japanese h«-!p; estab. 2O years.
Tel. Main 1937. BRADLEY A CO.. 640 Clay.
WANTED — FEMALE.
A SWEDISH cook, young, strong. flrst-clas»
references; also a thoroughly capable Swed-
ish Traitress. 3 j-ears last plao#; a German
n-Jrse for infants or «:rown children, best ref-
'r*ai ce£ . 2 good, strong, young Irish second
girls want situations. Addrets or call at
MIES PLUNKETTS, 423 Sutter St., near
ell.
* GERMAN nursery governess -with best of
references «-«ntn a place; can kw well. Call
at ailES PLUNKKTT'S. <25 Sutter^
ELDERLY lady would Jlke to assUt la light
boutework; email comDensaXicn ; more for
home; temperate: is a good worker. Ad-
drecs S. A. W.. 1061 Howard st., -first floor.
V ''AXTED — llxpcrt letoy stenographer desires
DoslUon in mountain town in courthouse. In-
surance, commercial, mining or other enter-
ja-ltes; excellent letters. Box 1762, Call.
DRESSMAKER and ladles' -r ultmaker, artistic,
reliable; <xj>«-t cuttrr and fitter; only flrst-
'?.'• work done; will *e»- in families day or
week. MIFS HARSS. 1021 Mission st-
married lady with a "child
IS months r-!d would like position aa house-
keeper cr renersl work; willing- to gt> to the
country. Audrey!' Hox 623, Call. Oakland.
KXPKRT lafiv acf-?untant and cashier desires
permanent rwition -with wholesale house;
can furnish beft references; several years' I
experience. Cox 1761. Call office.
I TOrei: KEEPER wishe« position; thoroughly
ur-cerFtan<;s housework in al! Its branches-
j**ben1tal and obl!gl=g; references. Box
cn>rPETENT nurse wishei enra*eraents; con-
flnements or invalids; cheerful and palnstak-
rak"«?%£y 5£ff te tmat - MR8 "
I.ADT win care fcr tnvalia or child for ex-
penses East; excellent references. Box 1785,
Ca-1 eff ce.
I^ATJlCDREpS wact« wortt by the day wash-
•sg and ironing. Call few 3 days, 202 Van
Ness ave.
TOL*NG Gernian girl ir&stc a, position for *ec-
im wertt and washing-; wages tZS. Box
4355. Call offic*.
JtlDDLE-AGED woman wants washing and
ironing to do; $1 60 day; good worker. Box
1771. Call office.
LADT wants to do general housework; $3 pe r
week: from S a. ra. to 4 p. m. BUCHELET,
122 Trenton rt. .
RELIABLE woman want* place as extra at-
'•ndarit in bathhouse; evenings. Address M.. I
«O» Post tt.
E-'RESEMAKKR, first-class, desires work by
•-he day. Hox 4330. Call office.
ELDERLY German woman <Je s «re s poeitloa for
cooking and housework. 1&9 Valencia st.
warts to <3o day's work. Call or ad-
tfrets €23 Jloward et.
LAVXDRESS. nret-das*. wants work by the
_ day. Address 1021 Sanchez et.
COMPETENT laundress wish** fancy work at
ri^me; Bilks and «atins a specialty. 1671
McAllister st.
WANT ait aad subscriptions taken for The
Call et Eaton's Bazaar. €33 McAllister Et.
CLASSIFIED s^vertlserjents and subscription*
<—-H\'-4 at Ca:; branch office. 22QQ Flllmore. I
EMPLOYMENT WASTED— MAL.E.
1OTJ3CC man <26) want* steady position in cf-
• ice cr factory; r-as filled positions a* caah-
icr. clTk. correspondent, bookkeeper travel -
• rig man and apent; can epeak Danish,
Swedish. Norwegian. German and English: !
M references. Write, at once to ERIK i
RITZAU. S32A Seventh et.. citv \
V't'N'G Eastern man. experienced in busine?* i
and -sriru!tui<\ wants poeltlon as manager j
of raru-ho or other good position requiring .
ability; strictly honest; bc-rt references. Box I
•~2S. Call.
.M".-TRAMAN with Colonial and English ex-
p-rieac*. an>foui> to efttle in Frisco, would
'¦xi.t: to twar ft employment in some commer-
• t.iJ *-rtab!ifhmprt. Box 123*. Call.-
A TnOROtTGHLY «-ompetent man. middle^
rst-d. f-obrr and t pliable, wants work en pri-
>iie place; handy man anywhere. Box 17&2
'"¦<ll clfjce.
Ul^RCfRY — Wanted a responsible position as
manaper. salesman or traveler; English ex-
l-erlenr-e; litghrst credentials; age 00. I1ATH '
bcx 4524. Call.
FRENCH coojjte, with little child, would
like position together in winery or
*tc«kjaj-a : wife is fod cook and houeekeep-
*r. Aflflreg-s box &2T.. Call office, Oakland.
f-'TABLEMAN: aged man wants steady Job
faring for ft to 20 work. horses. Write or see
frcra 10 to 12 J. C. RILEY, comer Sixteenth
and De Haro cte. !
A POSITION by a thoroughly competent lurn- ¦
Ticrcnan as foreman to take charge of yard;
city cr courtry; best of references. Box
1T60. Call office.
YOUNG man wants posltlcn as tutor to chil-
dren; Entiitsh branches and piano. Box
432. CslI office.
WANTED — A place for a good boy in office
or whelesale. house; 15 years old; German
descent. Please addrcsj_box 4C36, Call.
ERICKLAVER that catfL do all kinds of ma-
"onrj : SO years' expefKjijtce': will work cheap,
rtay or contract. BcxflTTO. Call office.
ENGINEER (stationary) wishes situation; city
cr country; can do his own repairs; reference
(riven. Box 4HJ, -Call office.
TOTJ"NG married man -wants job as Janitor or ,
pcrter: a jearr In last placr-. 44 Tchama st.
SOBER. *U-ady. married man, position as
watchTjan In city; good references.- G. A CO
McAllister st.
GERMAN, eober. reliable, wants Dosltion aa -
coachman or <-are for horses; ran milk; city
or country- Box 1297. Call office.
SPANISH engineer and experienced machinist
in machinery of mines deelres position. Ad- '
dress Hailhard Hotel, 507 Pine st.
A REFINED eld gentleman desires a position
>.t cotnr>a.n5o3. Box 1278. Call office.
JAPANESE couple war.t place in family, man
Rood cook, wife wait on table and house-
work: speak well. OHAR. 423 Stevenson st.
JAFANKSE boy -wants situation as school boy.
Address by letter only H. M.. 807 Polk st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fiumore.
ji BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
rcbseiiptlocs ¦"•* been established at 1098
VtlnHi «t.
HOUSES TO LET.
—PRINTED J'sjt cf houses to let; send for cir-
cular .^^ILCMBSENjtjOa^l^ Montgomery.
A— HOUSES and fiata to let; an immense list;
€frvice absolutely free; take advantage of
this department; it will eave you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-239 Geary
= t.. ca the wuare. __
NEWLY remodeled house of 10 rooms on
Fcrty-ninth ave.. between j a^j j^ ft*.,
'acing the oce«n: low icst. JACOB 11EY-
MAN CO.. 1^" gutter tt.
FILBERT. 1223 — House to rent; 7 rooms, bath;
garden ; water f ree.
VAN NESS ave.. 210(5, near Pacific ave.— Mod-
r-Tti houre; 10 rooms; rent $70.
CKFORE moving get our printed list of houses
to let. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 2S Post st.
BOt'SES TO LET — Ft UMSIIED.
MAGNIr'IOEN'T marine view; comfortably fur.
mod. house; piano: furnace;rcfs. SMI Jackson.
OAK. <1» — Elegantly tarnished bouse; 10 rooms
>nd 2 t-»tht: lsr»r<* garden: grand view.
BOUSES WAJVTED.
(WANTED — To lease unfurnished house of about
12 rooms «nd 2 baths; north of California.
*f« of Hyde, j'lione Kutt«-r I53J. \
— — — — — — «—^^ i— i—^
LOST ASU FOU.VD.
LOST— A passbook with the Hibernla. Savings
«rd Loan Society of San Francisco, In the
neroe of MAflY BCTTIMER, No. 15U-413.
The finder will jMease return to bank.
LOST — Wbitc fcrrj£Jc fox terrier; one eye black
and Uin; anywers name Daisy. Return and
receive liberr.l reward. 1134 McAllister et.
LO€T — Telescope barket on McAllister tt. .cur
on Sunday eve.; parties having aame rctuTTi
arid set ihelre. i:;j Grove st,
LOST- Female, fox terrifr; white, with black
*p« on ripbt ear; reward. 2*J12 Jackson st.
lips, and lovinr aunt of Mrs. D. C. Herllhy
. and Mrs. William Kehoe. a nativa- of- Ire-
land. ¦ . ¦ :. • '
CyNotice of funeral hereafter.. Remains
1 at the parlora of J. C. O'Connor & Co..- 767
Mission street, between Third and Fourth.
OHM— In this city. September 13. 1903. Louis
Ohm, beloved • husband of Christina Ohm,
father of Mrs. - G. Dueringr. Mrs. R. Maer-
tlns. Mrs. E. Hargens and William F. Ohm.
and brother of Charles Ohm, a native of
Prussia, Germany, aged 65 years 11 months
and 15 days.
ETTriendj and acquaintances are. respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday.
September 20. at 1:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, ' 29% Lapldge ' street, between
Eighteenth and Nineteenth, Valencia and
1 Guerrero. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery
by carriage. . w."
PIAGOIO— In this city, September 19. 190.I,
Angela, dearly beloved wife of Agostlno Piag-
gio, and mother of Emma,. Eva and Jessie
Piaggio and Mrs. Catherine Armanlnl, a na-
tive of Italy, aged 45 years 7 months and 13
days. . .
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1622 Stockton street. - N. B.— At 10
a. m. same day a requiem high mass Trill ;
be celebrated for the repose of her, soul at
Sts. Peter and Paul's Italian Church. Inter-
ment New Italian Cemetery. * •'
PRESCOTT— In this city, September 18. 1903,
William A., beloved son cf Ellas and Lottio
Prescott, brother of George, Charles, Henry
and Maude Prescott. and stepbrother of
George. Joseph and WlnHeld Baker, a native
' of- Helena, Mont., aged 23- years and. T
months.
JCTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 9:30 o'clock, rrom the parlors
of the United Undertakers. K66 Mission street,
where • services will be held, j Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery.
SOPHEY— A solemn requiem high mass will
be celebrated on Monday, September 21, for
the repose of the soul of Jane E. Sophey\at
St. Patrick's Church at 9:30 o'clock. Friends
are respectfully Invited to attend.
TOD — In this city," September : 19. 1903, Eliza
Bruce, beloved wife of James • Tod, a native
of Scotland.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Monday), at 1:30 o'clock, at the
chapel of Charles H. J. Truman & Co.. 1003
Mission street, between Fifteenth and Six-
teenth. Interment Cypress Lawn. Cemetery
by carriage.
TOLAND— In this city, September IS. 190^.
James Toland. a native of Ireland, aged 73
IcyRemalns at the parlors of McFadden,
McBrearty & Green, 1171 Mission street.
WOOD— In this city, September -17. 1903, John
Wesley, beloved husband of Addle E. Wood,
a native of Cornwall, N. Y., aged 74 yeara
4 months and 18 days.
(?Trtenda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
September 20, 1903. at 2 o'clock, - from the
chapel of Odd Fellows' Cemetery. Sen-Ices
will be conducted by Anna L. Gellespte.
Remains at the mortuary chapel of the
Golden Gate Undertaking Company. 2475
Mission street, near Twentyrflrst.' Kindly
omit flowers.
WHIPPLE — In Oakland. September 19. 1903.
at 1012 Tenth avenue, Jeanette, beloved wife
of Orrison Whlpple. and mother of Mrs.' D.
C. Van Court of San Francisco, Mrs. Rose
McComb. Mrs. Elmer C. Smith of Vallejo.
¦ Charles O. Whlppl*. Mrs. J. C. Fonda of
Ogden and Frank P. Whlpple, a native of
Illinois.
ZICKEL— In South San Francisco, September
18. 1903, Louis, beloved son of John and Mary
Zickel, and devoted brother of John Jr.,
George and Henrietta Zickel and the late
Annie Andrew and Katie Zickel. a native of
San Francisco, aged 28 years 1 month and 1
day.
(ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents. Railroad and Thirty-second
avenues. South San Francisco. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery.
ZONKER— In the City and County Hospital,
September 19, 1903, Ernest Zonker.
CARD OF THANKS.
The undersigned herewith beg to express
their sincerest thanks for the; great attend-
ance and many beautiful tokens at my hus-
band's funeral. Also Rev. Father Raphael
Fuhr, O. F.I M., for the kind and sympathiz-
ing -words in the sermon.
CATHARINA REQLI and Children.
mortuary chapel of the Golden Gate Under*
taking Company, 2475 Mission street, near
Twenty-first. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery, by carriage. .
BOWMAN — In this • city, September ! 1S.' ; - 1903
Mary, j beloved wife of ¦ Thomas Bowman, a
native of New York, aged 32 years.
ETTrienda and acquaintances are- respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 10:30 o'clock, from- the funeral
parlors of McGinn Broe.. 224-226 -McAllister
street. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
BREDLOW — In this city. September 18, 1903,
Herman, beloved husband of Henrietta. Bred-
low, and devoted father of Herman Jr., Otto,
Amelia, Albert and Emma Bredlow and Mrs.
H. A. Buttgenbach. a native of Posen Ger-
many, aged BS years 1 month and 13 days.
A member of Vereln Eintracht, Carpenters'
Union No. 22 and Harmony Lodge No. 0, A.
O. U. W.
ETTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 133 Rlpley street, between Twenty-
eighth and Twenty-ninth. Folsom and Har-
rison. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
COLLINS— In this city. September 17, 1903,
Asa Walter, beloved huaband of Anna. J.
Collins, and father of Charles W.. William
W., Wade H.. Thomas C. M.. Huber A. and
¦ Kate D. Collins and Mrs. F. L. Gates, a na-
tive of North Carolina, aged 72 years 9
' months and 3 days.
IE7"Funeral will be held at Gllroy to-day.
CONWAT— In this city. September IS. 1903,
Michael Conway, beloved brother of Mrs.
James Kav&naugh, Mrs. Peter Curry and Mrs.
William Coghlan, a native of the parish of
Leltiim. County Galway. Ireland, aged 26
years.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
September 20. at 12 o'clock, from the par-
lors of McFadden. McBrearty &. Green. 1171
Mission street, between Seventh and Eighth,
thence to St. Patrick's Church for services
at 12:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
COSTELLO— In the City and County Hospital,
September 19, 1008. James Costello, a native
of Ireland, aged 45 years.
DAVIES — In this city. September 18, 1903.
Captain David Davles of the lighthouse
tender Madrono, beloved husband of Annie
Davies, and father of Mrs. J. R. Grlsmer
and Cordelia and David C. Davles, a native
of Cardigan, Wales, aged 72 years. A mem-
ber of California Harbor No. IB. >
cyFriends and acquaintances and the
members of California Harbor No. 15 are re-
spectfully invited to attend the funeral to-
day (Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the par-
lors of H. P. Petersen, 228 McAllister street.
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery by electric
funeral car from Eighteenth and Guerrero
streets.
DEJICKE^ — In this city, September 19. 1903.
Otto R. R., dearly beloved husband of Louise
W. Deicke. and stepfather of Henry F. Tre-
der, a native of Pommen, Germany, aged f9
years 9 months and i<5 «iay».
DB MARTINI— In this city. September 19.
1003. Teresa, dearly beloved wife of Antonio
De Martini, beloved mother of Ralph and the
late Louis De Martini, and grandmother of
Alfred De Martini, a native of Italy, aged
49 years 9 months and 8 days.
ICFriends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully notified that the funeral takes place
to-morrow (Monday), at 1:30 o'clock, from
her late residence, 1600 Tonquln street, be-
tween Broderick and Baker (Harbor View),
thence to Italian Church, corner Dupont and
Filbert streets, for benediction. Interment
New Italian Cemetery.
DIBHL— In this city. September 19, 1903.
Henry Charles, dearly beloved son of H. L.
and Lizzie Diehl, and brother of Joseph
Plehl,. a native of San Francisco, aged 1
month and 19 days.
DIMMICK— In Contra Costa County. Septem-
ber 17. 1903, Dr. F. E. II. Dlmmlck, beloved
husband of Florence Dlmmlck, son of Mr.
and Mrs. Joseph Dlmmlck, and brother of
Virgin, Ellis, Carroll and Lillian Dimmick.
a native of Windsor. Gal., aged 31 years 7
months and IS days. . -
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Monday.
September 21, 1903. at 2 o'clock, from his
late residence. 1061 Vi Willow street. Inter-
i ment Mountain View Cemetery, Oakland.
FEARR— In this city, September 15, 1903
Edith E. Fcarr, a native of San Francisco,
aged 32 . years.
GAMBLE— In' this city. September IS, 1903,
William P., beloved husband of Margaret
F. Gamble, and son of John and Lucy A.
Gamble, a native of Tuolumne County, Cal.,
aged 43 years 5 months and 29 days.
E7"The funeral services will be held to-
morrow (Monday), at 11:45 o'clock, at the
parlora of Halsted & Co., 946 Mission street.
Interment Mountain View Cemetery, Oak-
land.
HOFFNER— In this city. September 1!». !PC3.
Hannah, beloved wife of Charles Hoffn»r. a
native of County Cork. Ireland, aged 54 yeare.
HOFFNER— In the City and County Hospital.
September 19. 1903, Johannah Hoffncr, a na-
tive of Ireland, aged 54 years.
JOHNSON— In San Rafael, September IS, 1903,
Mrs. Emma G. Johnson, wife of the late" A.
. J. Johnson, and mother of Maud, Augusta.
Fred, May, August and Adolph Johnson, a
native of Sweden, aged 54 years 5 months
and 18 day*.
¦ Or Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
September 20. at 2 o'clock, from her late
residence. 108 Ross street. Interment Mount
Tamalpala Cemetery.
JUZIX— In this city, September 15. 1903. Leo-
pold, beloved son of the late Leopold and
Louisa. Juzix, and brother of Valery, Henry
and Louis Juztx, Mrs. G. Grecs and Mrs. J.
¦ P. Cooney, a native of San Francisco, aged
30 years 9 months and l.S'days.
(C^Fner.ds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
September 20. 1903, at 12:.".O o'clock, from/his
late residence. 22S',£ Eighth street. Inter-
ment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
KEATING— In this city. September IS, 1903.
Mary Jean, wife of the late Dennis Keating,
and mother of John J. and the late Minnie
and Dennis Keating, a native of. Ireland,
aged 65 years.
|C7"The funeral will take place to-day
(Sunday), at 9fl5 o'clock, from her late resl-
dencr. 1321 Natoma street, thence to St.
Charles Borromeo's Church for services at
9:45 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
KELLY— In thU city. September 17. 1003.' R.
R. Kelly, a native of Irelani, aged 45 years.
A member of Eureka Lodge No. 6146, A. O.
F. ; Oriental Encampment No. 57, I. O. O. F.,
and Stablemen's Union No. S76O.
KTFriendB and acquaintances »re respect-
fully Invited to attend the. funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of McFadden, MeBrearty & Green. 1171 Mis-
sion street, thence to Odd Fellows' Hall, cor-
ner of Market and Seventh streets, where
services will be held under the auspices of
Oriental Encampment Mo. B7. I. O. O. F. In-
terment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
KKRR— In this city, September IS. 1303, Alice
Murcella. beloved daughter of Robert George
and Margaret Kcrr. and sister of William
Francis and Mary Elizabeth Kerr. a native
of San Francisco, aged 1 year 8 months and
14 days.
(ETFrien'Js and acquaintances «r? respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the parents'
residence, 465 Clementina street. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery-
LYNCH — In Council City, Alaska; August Sf>.
1903, James H.. dearly beloved son of Hugh
and Mary Lynch, and brother of Jos-ph T.,
Emma T., Walter H. and Sarah M. Lynch.
Mrs. J. S. Egan and Mrs. J. F. McKenna. a
native of Sun Francisco, aged 31 years 2
months and 21 days.
McC^KTHY— In this city. Septo.m»>»r 19. l!«a:.
James Edward, beloved son of .l.irae- F. and
Helen McCarthy, i nut! vc- Df Ran Francisco,
aged 20 days.
McNAMARA— In this city, September 19. 100o.
Margaret •McNemara, beloved wife of the
late James S. McNamara, and mother of
John and James McNamara and Mrs. Cath-
erine Jordan, a native or the parish of
Croom, County Limerick, Ireland, aged 70
y?ars.
MAYER— In this city. September 19. lfMVJ,
Otto, dearly beloved son of Wanda and the
late We.ndelin Mayer, and brother of Mrs.
L. Becker. Mrs. A. Hulfs Hurt Albeit. Rj-
. dulph and tho late Emma Mayer, a native
of San Francisco, ased .i\ years 2 months
and 21 days.
MOHR— In Uklah. September 17, 1903, J. Henry
Mohr. dearly beloved husband of AllieMohr,
father of Arthur Mohr. son of Mrs. H. A.
StefTens. nnd brother of Chartes Mohr and
Mrs. Louis- Witt, a native of San Francisco,
aged 29 years and 10 months.
ETFrlrnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
f (Sunday), at l:4."i o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1808 iArkin street, thence to Native
Sons* Halt. 414 Mason street, where services
will be held under the auspices of National
Parlor, commencing at 2:30 o"clock. inter-
ment I. O. O. F. Cemetery. Please omit
flowers.
NORIN— In this city, September 19. 1003, Mary
¦ Ann 'Norln. beloved sitter of the late Mrs.
• ¦ p. .Rlley. Mrs. T. Clark ana Margaret Phil-
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth *t.. opposite Ltncoln School.
' Telephone South SO. '
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
Funeral Directors and Embalmers.-
Formerly in Metropolitan Temple,
Now at 86« MISSION. Tel. South 167. '
Between Fourth and Fifth. Near Fifth st.
Flnett Equipment* at Moderate Rates.
F. J. Monahan, President. . .»
MONAHAN &
' . <Inc.)
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
2338-2311 'Minion et. Telephone Mission 31.
Sale of Monuments and Grave Marks
Cheap for cash. Also bulldlnr for sale, if
you want a monument ««e what I -r have ' la
itock. 791 San Jose ave. and Thirtieth st.
; ;. r F. J. BACK.been mailed by District Attorney Sexton
to. the various paloon-kcepcrs within the
Special Dirpateh to TTie Call
Sept. 1?.-Gambling in
Eutte County has ceased. Notices have
District Attorney Noti
. fles All Beverage
Purveyors.
BUTTE COUNTY
BARS GAMBLERS
- For years past steam has been noticed
In the crater of Mount Rainier, a hundred
miles north of St. Helens. Sulphuric
furoes are also emitted through the crater
from the Interior of the mountain.
TACOMA, TVaeh., Sept. 1?.-Some fc2x
rxiFts in Southern Washington that
Mount St. Helens, supposedly an extinct
Adcano. will eome day break Into erup
tion. Miners working at the base of the
mountain declare their belief that last
neck's earthquake through the Oascado
Mountains was caused by volcanic dis
turbances below the crater of .Mount St.
Helens. There are spots near the top of
the mountain where the roeka are too hot
to allow the hand to touch them without
asusing b bad burn.
A hissing noise can be plainlj* heard all
iibout the crater and eteam issues in vol
umes from email fissures. On Krlday
¦when' the earthquake shock was felt sev
eral mountain climbers were near the
summit of St. Helens. So severe was the
fhock that they were thrown to their
V^ees. Rocks were hurled In different
directions and trees swayed to and fro
a? in a hurricane.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
St. Helens Thought to
Have Been Cause of
Temblor.
OLD VOLCANO
EXCITES ALARM
Ae one means to further increase its
revenue the association Is arranging: a
rummage fair, to be lield adjoining its
premises, beginning October SI and to last
tot about a -week. The ladies are anxious
for contributions for this fair and request
nil Tiho arr Tvillin? to help assist the in
stitution to make up bundles and then
notify any of the board of managers, ¦who
"will promptly gend for the offerings.
Following, are the names and addresses
of the members of the board:
Mr*. Jacob TVrtr, 1368 Hayes street, Mrs.
"Vrtllian. Thomas. 1011 Pin* street; Mrs. TV*. 8.
Ijrakr. Palace Hotel: lire. Frank Vincent
"Wrirht, 6*">l Stockton street; Mrs. S. B. Me-
Iweiaii, Lo» Angrles; Mr*. Guy E. Manning,
SCT5 Clay street; Mrs. James L<e«is Gould. 1616
J.ncfnii avenue, Alameda; Mrs. O. B. Bums,
the Van Nuys; Mrs. Albert T>ernham. Hotel
3tichol1«i: Mrs. Jatne« Klder. S402 may etreet;
y«. William L. <3<-ivtle. 234O ¦Washington
t-treet: Mrs. Tl'illl&m Hollls. T5« Oak street;
Mrs. William E. Jackson, 12S0 Folsotn street;
Mrs. Hrrbert E. Iait. 15iS Vallejo street: Mjs.
A. H. Martin, 3434 Clay street; Mm. Homer
4 »borr»e. 1014 P«.ru arenue. Alameda; Miss
Miuoe O'Connor. Hotel Granada: Mn>. Edgar
1". PrcJton. '\Voo<i«1<le. Pan Mateo; Mies AJe
lp-ide Pollock. 909 Broderick «reet; Mrs.
B. Sperrj". i^-10 Devisadero street;
Sin. J. J. 8pleker. 2100 rtpvleadero street;
Mrs. .T. 3. Theobald. 2nio Pierce strwit, and
•Mrs. R. J. Taussig. £540 Vallejo stre«t.
The home is at present caring for
*even.ty-£ix little waifs, averaging about
T years of r.ge. The oldest is nearly 12
years and the youngest is 6 months.
The managers have a line piece of prop
erty, consisting of an entire block facing
on Lake street, between Fourteenth and
Fifteenth, for which they have paid $12,-
W. On this they wish to put up a horn©
?cr the waifs In their charge to cost about
Stf'.OOO. and with this end in view they are
making Etrong efforts to raise that sum
and hope before long their efforts will
l>e rewarded v-ith success.
rieu'latlon. Miss Jpan l^urrell: duet. '•Mili
t*ry Gallcr." Mis* Karata and Mis* Dottie
B^« Latham: ' piano eolo. Miss I<ia Patacli*:
M<caJ.er>lo, Miss Urace ETi-ingr; recitation, Hiss
little r>< Latliam.
The manager*, et the San Francisco
SCenery for Homeless Children held their
regular annual reception yesterday at the
hoxn« of' the : institution, 3534 Mission
street. The idea of the reception was to
arouse Interest among the many who are
unacquainted with the noble work that Is
being done by this cocictj-. The Invita
tions eer.t out nere very liberally re
sponded to and the room? ncre crowded
during the entire afternoon.
A line programme had been prepared,
rchlch Vra? most successfully carried out.
AH the little ones o!d enough to enjoy
th« affair were arrangM so th^y could
hear and sec everything. They were
especially interested in Mi.^3 Jean Dur
rell. whose recitation, v.-hioh was of a
humorous character, was interesting to
both old and young. The Uttle wards
were greatly pleased and evinced their de
light by loud acclamations, expressed by
*hewutK of Jaugliter and clapping of hands.
Following was the programme:
Music and Song Give Pleas
ure to Guests and
the Wards.
Nursery for Homeless
Children Holds a
Reception.
WORKING TO AID
LUCKLESS WAIFS
. An electrical railway is projected be
tween . Paris, and ¦ Brussels, upon « which
cars are to cover the distance— 1S1 miles—
ia two hours.
- Immediately upon' his leaving!, the hous«
the authorities. were • notified and ¦ a posse
started in pursuit.^- Tho horse and- buggy
VACATILLE, Sept. 19.— Anderson Gar
red, who, killed former Sheriff McKinnon
of Sonoma County, drove into this town
about 8 "o'clock , last night. " He at once
went ito the residence- of relatives • here
named Hojt, and at the point of a pistol
demanded supper, permitting no one to
leave the premises while he was present
He was very deliberate *nd showed little
or no excitement-
' BERLIN, . Sept. , 19.— The .Turkish "War
Ministry, has ordered 170,000 : pounds of
smokeless powder at the Rottweil works.
Turkey • has several agents ¦ permanently
resident in Germany 4 who .buy supplies
for the - army and navy. One • of these.
Ahmed Bey. who* spends his time between
Essen ; and' Kiel. 'Is ' especially • active in
placing, orders', for field . transport, sad
dlery, etc. .Turkey 'seemingly has a suf
ficiency ' of cash to pay for the supplies,
as , the Germanifirms require money or its
equivalent' ori'delivery.'; _ '- " .
Firms and Pays Cash,
Places Large Orders With German
TURKEY BUYS WAB SUPPLIES.
Slayer of Former Sheriff
McKinnon Gives
Battle.
OFFICERS FIRE
FUTILE SHOTS
Stadtf eld's . shot . was rendered ineffec
tive by a large post behind which Garred
was standing, and which was found filled
with No. 4 shot this morning. Posses are
on Garred'* trail to-nlgbt.
wer.e found about half a mllo out
of town and Garred was overtaken within
the town limits. Shots were exchanged
between him and Constable Stadtfeld, the
latter with a shotgun, which is supposed
to have taken effect, as Garred was eeen
to fall to the around. However, he was
able to crawl away in the darkness and
has . not been captured.
The action of tho District Attorney la
due to Instructions received by him from
the Butte County Grand Jury, which re
cently convened at Orovillc. :The Jury
took a decided stand against gambling;
and In addition to grlvlng Instructions to
the District Attorney to put a stoo to
the games Informed 'tho township officers
that thev would be expected to aid In
their suppression, and warned them that
a lack of diligence on their part .would
be given attention at the next meeting of
the body, which will bo held in Decem
ber next.
For a number of years Butt© t County
has been a mecca for gamblers and slot
machine representatives. Things have run
almost wide open, , only the - most con
spicuous of the games being held in check.
The great amount of money leaving the
county as earnines from - slot machines
was one of the objectionable features
which brought on the agitation against
them and led to their use' being prohib
ited.- , •
county warning them that prosecution
will hereafter follow any attempt to con
duct hokey-pokey." Klondike- or other
games or to operate nlckeMn-the-slot ma
chlnea in their establishments. ¦
j The French monument which Is to be i
erected on the field of Waterloo Is now [
complete. It consists of an Immense eajla
mounted on a granite pcdestral.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 20j 1903.
44
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦BHBHBBHHllBIBBHBHBIINIBraBBflBiaEa
g Here is what a well-known citizen says about our treat- B
¦ ment : n
E3 "Aug. 23. 1903.— I was ruptured by a fall from a bicycle several years ago. q
Bi Alter ten treatments by Dr. George D. Coe. I was radically, and. I believe. Q
9 • permanently cured. I will clieerfully answer further questions with referenco ¦
g thereto, upon receipt of necessary stamps. (Signed) A. DBAHMS. H
O . "Chaplain State Prison. Saa Quentin.' p
¦ We can cure you, too. Come and see us about it. n
j FI DELITY RUPTURE CURE §
g 1344 r Market Street, San Francisco. g
'BBBBBBBBBflflBBBBflBBiBBBBBBBBBIBBBIflBflBBiiflBim
On. LAWRENCE'S WOXDERFlii NEW IMPRO^'ED
/5£S VACLJUyVV DrVtLOPER
if O HH jg\ .. A\D IWHiOHATOR.
ifcV^ •Jvrfr F"ri;r o> ten days 1 thial a>o apphoval.
Ha» >>tt Patented Porfft Uiaphrnzm, and Otlicr
Js£%7Z*C y Jwpro^nifBtii. Kold Onlr by Is.
J@£ - Quickly Restores Lost Strength, Permanently Cures Varicoce!e,
BOA Drains, Stricture and Prostatic Troubles by a Simpie HOME
btPl TREATMENT.
t!' 3 The VACCOI DEVELOPER stlmnlate« and energies the
t , I nerve force and induces . a full and free circulation of blood Into
Jt\\ I the debilitated parts, thus permanently strengthening and develop-
rttli] ;| injf them.
9H I Call or Trrite for our 64-page Illustrated book No. 6, Bhovrlnff the
hi f m tr.alf Bystem tnd ciplalalng our i-erfecttd treatm>-nt.
£1 h M Frnt plain sralfd free.
|J Li J All Dineacri of Men. Contracted Disorders, etc., treated and
¦ I .m oji-^'I by our epeciallsts. e\-en wlien others fall.
&r-ii] <;oo«nHntlon Free ami " .confidfntial, atofflc»s or by mail
JksL, Ifours— 9 a. m. to 0 p. m. Sundays, 10 a. m. to 1 p. m. Or*n
evcnlrra. . . ¦ ¦
\o Money Drqatred rntll f-'nred.
HEALTH APr*L1A.,C^ OO..
6 O'Farreil «t.. near Market St., 6an Francisco.
HALE'S. | v- -£ -'' HALE'S. I HALE'S. . . I._ ' _ : ;'_-"_?. A . T ;^ > f'. ' ; _ I ' T ?*J'7'' S '_ J
Grit and thrift and enterprise have made Halc's— is making a new .Halc's. It's as lively a store as^ San Francisco -. edge then— putting in the foundations. How many of us nevfr thought of this Flood building at Powell street
h as _l, US y all the time. "How busy you are" is a spontaneous remarl^ visitors find themselves saying almost before till they began stringing the jjirderj? Then the floors seemed to sro up in a night. Yet they were working do*n
they think. When they stop to think they would wonder at it if we weren't buS3'., No store studies the public and there in the earth putting in concrete for months and months. Here is this remarkable business Hale's arc dofn« in
gets closer to their needs than we do/- No store studies the markets and srets closer to basic conditions than we do. suits. and hats. - We have been down there ont of sight preparing for it: been finding out what you liked: been nnd-
It means hard work and progress isn'nt as sky-rockety as if we had all the money we wanted. Knowing "what" and ing out-where to getrit and how to get it. When we were ready we did it — did it early. Same in dress Roods,
knowing "how" and knowing "when" is the biggest asset this business has. ' Doesn't that account for Hale's healthy, same in laces and trimmings, in flannels. Now when you think of dry goods values you naturally think of Hafc's
steady growth?' Maybe we haven't grown as fast in other years as we have in this one. We were gaining this knowl- first. __^^
1 — 1 mi **•«!• 7i/r Hale's Have Another Good Word for , . Hate-sHa,*
"Corner" in Values The Millinery Message Women'* T* ilnrpd Dre**^* "Cornered" Some
iiMi ligiiiiii illii i i il^p^i^^p presses v^ s
iS^eV^^ft^ : Variety is at Hale' 9 ..//; ' - \ Zibelines at $16.30. . Mcii'S and Boys' ShirtS
yards of the dressiest patterns Newest creations are at Hale a. . .- . .. An etamwe Cheviot at $18.75. ' 50 CentS. -
there are; stripes.' dots and fig- • This salon was never so interesting— never so full of what women like And a beautiful broadcloth at$*2 ;o. -. • ' Stiff bosoms in fancy colored
ures;-36 mchesjvxde. to see, and it's all so correct and different. Women ¦«§>f^«^ 0^ No newer, styles/ none more reasonably priced. Those are two points in .fSt* 'S,^ tCh "
... d \i V is almost bewildered by. the sight.at first, yet if they will take case by case w hi c h Hale's are always safe. We. are in close touch with New York. Not a The bosom* are short, open or
OC JVlUSlin.- —first the $4.75 group; then the $6.00 ones, the $7.50, the $9.00. the $10.00 . new idea is missed or delayed. The passenger train has it here in four days. c ? scd - tron^ s ' . lh f pattcrn3 . ar «
. Regular ioc quality. And if we lots. -Then over by themselves are the New York models. Next comes | The way we buy .keeps the.prices down. That's how it is these mixtures-are Sl".^/^- S"?nv? C J^ £^V
printed the name we don't think . a select coterie of French patterns. Thus one may have a comprehensive here and in the latest coat styles at only $1500.. . . For th^fi^t tirnV Mon'dav loc
there is a woman who would not idea of the whole. Every one may feel free to look without . the least The coat is a long skirted blouse one, belted with a patent leather belt. ror ine nrst time .Monoay, ooc.
jump at the chance of having thought of buying. But if something does strike' the fancy there are any tucked in front; the sleeves, lapels and collar are real coatish: coat is lined rvriii^li<; Rrn<; * R^7nr<\
some at 8c. It's a famous soft number of cozy mirrored nooks where one may sit down to have it tried on. with black' satin ; skirt has nine gores and plenty of tailor stitching. Of course rwiuibub J^ 1^* "dmi^
finish muslin, pure white, 36 The surprising part of the display is the . the're is a sprinkling of other mixtures at $18.75, $^--50, $^5-Oo, $.^0.00 and op $1 30.
inches wide; ioc would be cheap _ ' * a --^- J- *¦*¦''* to $45.00. < ' • -¦ ¦ . y Those celebrated hollow ground
for it. Here are 1200 yards at 8c. (1 ff^f»f IVlilTinPr Hi KmfK MmS • ?16.50 Zibellne Suits have deep cuffs, capes over'the shoulders, military col- ones ; a quality usually sold at
VJICcll nUIIlLJCI \Jl LMCU^BV naw . lars. skirted blouse, new sleeve!, slot seams and 9-frore flare skirt. $2.00 and $250- either bone or
lie PillOW CaSeS. Xot one that doesn't embrace some new idea from Paris or ,New York; $18.75 Etamine Cheviot Suits are in the regular coat effect with two side flap black mbber handles.
Hemstitche d-Thafs wha-t some of them with high rolls, others with plumes; some of them with shower P°^ k . ets • ! ? nd °T , b . ust . pocket: velvct coIIar ' ncw Iarge sIeeves - a11 lmc^ WIth V J "c arc -spreadinsr out" in the
makes them unusual. spangle facing Thcv're in velvets,, malines, zibelines and some chiffons. $1.75 'taffeta silk and skirt has seven gores. .. . . , r ¦ cutlery business. And to let you
We have n^ver seen them before » . ¦ • _ know it and get YOU interested we
under 15c. They're full size (45x35 up 10 00. . . . ..... nicked out th%*#.v*ra vat«*.«
made from a soft :'"•»/.'¦;¦¦ •• a ' * 1^ r\ r* x v^St?%^^ x^2^z^x.
•Wlilte muelln. - \ ¦**% f\ #^ €¥ T M C* 1 \t*G*C€Z I TAA/lC iwlnj sort far itf'ty ruon.
8c wmddct" Flannels Miiclin nrfc\)i7n«» mri rt< Amon % i«e uress uooas -ssfj?:^
Hrai3S^ ' A Credit ° r>S "^ ° f at about tnanufacturer's cost Art Leat^F Pii.ows
yards for special selling, begin- It's a« sharp, quick loss. _ 9 | ST.25, $1.50,- $1.75. . ' j^, u £^,
ning to-morrow morning, 8c a This factor \- man skipped . out. $1.25 Gowns are 87C More' New Zibelines in new shades, new finishes; some of them as hairy as colors. FMr^ed and m^V^xe^t^d'
* ' — He left no merchandise to pay his $,.50 Gowns are 97c dreiSv '- 5?^?™$,°^$^" SItl °° th a " d gI ° SSy " & m ° US€ ' S " ThCy ' rC °' ml38l0as * hea<Ss
85c Comforters. bills. The creditors want money. $1.75 Gowns are $1.18. French S feoadcioths" at $1/00. ' Really worth $1.25; 52 inches wide; dressy and which^yo^woSd^S^aT" 16^
The $1.00 >g rade Our New York office made an _ SSlB&ata.. at $,.00 is another popular thing just now; 50 inches. *£*L BVo'rher whh^S"
foMhTn\ o rv\fanUXve'oee r n oftff for the Stock-and got .t. $1.00 $JWrfr or* 79C Canvas Cheviot^ . lt 75 c and Sponge 'Cheviots at 75c Both are extra; both ™£ £*
in the habit' of getting. They Here it IS : $1.25 Skirts are 8B0. 5- menes \uce. rather take less and turn them all
have pure white cotton filling, No newer styles, no better made -.- y -.. „ QPp ' " ¦ . . over to Hale's.
wool tufted; figured silkoline on garments. The muslin, cambric and s 51 -^ 0 SKtrtS ase vol*. (\\ fk'Jtli for linings, yd. '¦¦
one side, plain on the other. nainsook used in them are all stan- ' ' ; _1 ' Q/JicXA \j^/ G)*WV. . c *-
/Txif^iA^-y^V-YI^, Call for Laces and Trim= c^^^^<
VA^ . ; JJi *",-. ° A;l 1 : -\\ niJ*s Here are the new ideas "hot off the griddle." ;.Our New I ¦ _^ -^^ 1 _ J "^I1l7^»*«^v
York office is keeping 'us supplied, every day .with, the latest COSrilClCQ WSFC
Vs TP %^t • ¥ * S NS things. One doesn't know how pretty they can make the new
Y 1 able .Linens .."] Mg^^^^^^U Opportunity We Never
The Pride of- the Hale Store '^~s^i!^iW^^^^^^i Offered Before
Arc out this week as they rarely are— Damasks, napkins and $ 2 .so a yard, point v.nu«- Ba iioon. for 2 l ? « lnch *- wld f- 15c - ** Vfllvl vu LfVIV1
bordered cloths; many of the prices less than we usually ask/ ' °™ gTu'Z** 'mmmM '^^SSSf^^XR -To buy the very best (double coated).
selrS^^S^hich^wi-lS^ltbldo li^b^Sess^isfsSniSSi nJSltrtiTeSn. 7t^ e f^ P ia^or tS^m^at^, B tr«^ om 1 fh^' a 2r — To cJwosc f rom a complete variety
we ever did. . . Bllk> haa a . luster and beauty that exceed. «»«««» of grapea In rich colorings, 6Oc to j , ' SOVe HlOtieV Oil all of it
The qualities are as true as gold. The patterns are new and differ-. eiik. yet it cost* lese. Here are banda of '^^pplxqtj^s m cream ana black, f . . . * " Ul v ' l '
ent from the common run and the regular prices are lower than any- ». 2 to 5 inches wide, 50c to $2.50 a yard, j^ 7Cc up t0 w . 75 yard. * Not a piece is hurt or inferior or has a single shortcom-
hiVt K ° ne 5 " D "" «K- ""-"^^"ri ¦- =• '- " ing to our knowkdge. You might think th J was if you
.to'K^E^KM* """ WmM on.y.ooked at the prices. But look at the qua.ity. That is
2Ic Yd. $1.00 Damask Clothe WitK so much regular stock comes.:a bargain or two for what we are proudest of. It's not even the average kind, but of
Unbleached Damask w inches oo c rood measure. ¦ ¦' ¦ ¦• - : .7^. '¦¦ . ¦ heavy steel and enameled twice. It will last twice as lonsr as
wide. Never had it before under c»ov« e> ....,,. .-¦ ¦ - r . . : •--¦•. .• . t o
25c, but we don't find as much de- One of the most tempting offers QfVarial flff Af Ititr nf I n rpc the single-coated kind and cost (in many cases) half as much
mand for this weight as we thought this week. . There is not only a . . uUCtldl V/UCI I1IU UI Lcllvd . v - A
wewould. So we have made this gain in price, but a gain in quality. _ _ ReffU , 10 _ i T^^ values now as lt usually dOCS.
new price to close out the 25 Pieces They're the soft German linens in 5C. Regular 1UC ana l^zCVHlUCS I Here are »
we have on hand. which there is no dressing: all hem- 10c: 15c and 25c values j xacic arc
J 33C Yd. w^f/^Jw^;, 1^ yardS Thousands of yards of the present popular styles .-with no reason O/v ¥>r ..- .
3 Pure White Damask. 54 inches longandtBOotlJersizM. , under the sun to be less than they are worth. Reason is with the man O|IC I fifl KftTTleQ S\T • sQr
wide. . It's partly linen and partly JJ'H S v»ri! \J£ who sold them. ... VV * WO. lVWILltD d.L Ot/t
cotton, but the price is so low and * "" J s 5c LOT-Normandy Valenciennes, 2 lOc XOT-Among them are BeveraJ- Th^-V^ *V.» «^m. *1-,.A ».-. t,-+*i— *«.— «*« t_
the pattern so pretty that it's bound Cotton Towels. 6c. - to 4 inches, cotton washable galloons, thousand yards of tho rich Chantiiiy ilicj re the same sized tea-kettlers others sell at 80c; heavy and
to prove irresistible value. First i or en at thl new\rice »«** festoon ldeaB ' Ite CbanU1 ' SSfS'LJS. biS^as^eTl 'LTiaS d ° UbIc COatcd « to0 ' whlIc othe " are W* «* "««*'
time Monday morning. Jg^ . Z, ZifS^t^SS^ 4 5 c Sauce Pots at 35c. . Stove Pans A9 c.
» 4OC Yd. ones, with fringed ends in Striped ,niL. Th»!^ „» TL !» »w ««t Laces that sell regrularly at 15c and ¦- ¦ -,,*.,. 7
A pure white Linen Tablin K . Co borders; 17x40 inches. inches. Choice of. any of them, first 25c . a yard . These will go beginning Those large ones with two side 0 T A and II inch, double COated. '
inches wide. Now that's unusual CoUon Towdg £ tlme to - morr ™ 5c yard., to-morrow morning: at 10c yard. handles and u ho|(b fi —. Milk Pans,.30c; 6 quart; double
All white in the bird's eye GH lid rfitl ' S Cloth Co^t<5 fS^ 1°^' T^ T*"™ 1 7^ *«> .^ A^™* '^
alwavs 50c. weave; 18x36 inches; worth $1.00 VllllUI Wll d VlV/Lll W'UCl.ld half as cheap as they usually are. double coated. • Q
72c Yd. adozcn - 1 —For little tots, 2 to 6 years .old. • 25c Tea Pots at Kc. " 30c Sauce- ParfTat 1 8c
White Damask. 68 inches wide; Special Table Cloths -n <s-j nn tun ... T ,. ., . . .. 4 . Lipped; 4-quart size. Even at
heavy Irish linen, full bleached. „;. VI .Y L "? O 0, ,>3.OO, ... Individual ones: double coated: 30c are twice as K ood as the single- '
Our 85c grade. White ones; pare linen from The cutest kind of box Styles.-. Thev /flatter the little at -this new - price— first time to- coated ones. Now you get just as
22-inch Napkins to match are Ireland in sturdier weave: * sizes ., , ¦ .. . . • „:'„._ Th^vV^ in sorrow. ; much goodness as ever for half
now ?2.65 a dozen. ?* this new price to-morrow morn- on^ s more inan tne Dl S nes a^ tneir mammas. 1 hey re in • . T)\ n ner^ at toc mone y-
Irish Linens - in2# reds, castors and gobelin. All of them have circular shoulder . „ M 1UL - Dish Pans, 89c; large ai-qnart
150 pieces pure White Damask Other Pattern CI Oths capes, plenty of, buttons, white braid trimming. Even the The "Windsor," one-quart size. sia g auce Potg 6 IO . m .
such as Ireland has become famous $1.50 for the $1.75 quality. 2 yards. $2.50 Ones are lined throughout with Sateen. 2$C Wash Basins at 1$C. tAVO Side handles. '
for. Goes on sale to-morrow. All *i-»o *°r ine *« yaras. ¦ %,, * .... . . ? • • 1 .1 1 • « . >--*-»«..¦ •**¦'»»
widths and all new prices ' 2>24 for the 8 yards lorgr - Th . e *3-«) ones have inverted pleats in the back; cape has fancy 11-mch ones; the usual size, but 65c Dish Pans at 45c
58c yard '.66 Incrres At new prices this week. Bleach- scalloping; collar is a small turn-down one . . . . 1 unusual weight and unusually ser- , 2 . quart s ; 2e; double coated.
69c yard 70 inches e d ones; very heavy Scotch Roods. . -^3-5o ones are a little heavier cloth, with bretelles in addition to the I viceable; double coated. Specially good and specially cheao
5i C i9 y vSrd '72 \nchtl The Scotch seem to know how to, shoulder capes and fixed otherwise in a very stylish effect. I . Basting Spoons; 4 different sizes, now.
?LS8 yard!.'!"".*;"!.\\"."73 inches make a sturdier cloth than their Children's Colored RnnnPte $1 CO 1 io in., 12 in., 14 in., 16 in.; all at 9c Covered Milk Pails, 29c; 3 quarts
Damask Cloths $1.38 $ggg£5|| ( K.w #.« M#| crown, l3rg « iTSEIXL^ U I " c "' ChamWrs % 1?£I^ 7K: ih <-
Bleached ones. 68 inches square: p re tty patterns 3 sizes at this new far as well as full lace ruche m front: wide strings; reds, castors and I K^namucrs -^t. ulu*ux*.
one of the best GermarTcloths su.ch p r i ce _ \ " royals; sizes 2 to 4 years. ¦ • ... ¦ S-mrpnan<; -jor Colanders at 2 1 C.
as we usually sell at $i.W>. Another 51.93... 2 yards long They're ncw and pretty styles in velvet and faille silk. $2.00. $2.75 1 saucepan. , I O-inch ones; double COated.
size, same quality, 68x86, at $1.69 j ?2*45 2% yards long and $3.00. ¦ ••'-'¦ *-¦¦¦¦ ¦ . • I 3 quarts, with handle and cover. Three-quart Pitchers, 55c.
Ci-t-& „ • iflctllvcl. OllCCl, Hwai 31Xlu« ¦ : . • iffttf ¦ ¦ •— . i«»iALL SHY OF PUBLICITY.
It is a common saying that there never
v.ss a mean-tempered woman in the en
tire Rothschild family. This Is strikingly
LONDON. Sept. 19.— Ever since the
r.&rce of Rothschild became great
in the worid of finance the three
branches of the family In Ger
many. France and England have
had another Important distinction in com
mon. The Rothschild women Europe over
are, and were generations ago, good to
look &t, kindly of disposition, simple of
speech and big 'of brain. Gudula Schnaf
fer Mayer, mother of the first rich Roths
child, started this fashion in the family.
She was a good old lady who lived in a
Lack street in the Frankfort ghetto long
after her sons were striding on toward
fortune. Back of her house, still pre
served, is the little shop where her hus
band commenced 'the business that formed
a. foundation for her sons' great enter
prises.
Frau Gudula could never be induced to
have her home among the Jews of Frank
fort, and ehe held a tradition unto her
death that if she waxed proud and am
bitious as her sons waxed rich their luck
would turn and the money leave the fam
ily. So she made herself comfortable and
lived on alone in the house where her
t-hildren were born. She did many chari
ties and mixed freely among the im
portant people of Frankfort, who became,
as years passed, the friends of her chii
dren. But she made them accept her as
ehe was or not at all. Her fashionable
daughters-in-law came in their carriages
to the ghetto and the old lady, worthy
mother of so valiant a house, let them in
i-.ers-lf and Iti them out again. Frau Gu
cuia was known among the chosen people
lor years after her death as one of the
particular mothers in Israel. The name
to generally cpr'ied to her during her life
time. Mother Mayer, clung to her memory.
Mother Mayer, who never knew the
gentler title, "Rothschild" (red shieia),
adopted as It was by her successful eon
from the elgn that hung above his first
business house, has bequeathed many of
her fine qualities to the ladies Rothschild
of to-day. Those born Rothschilds are
women cf much the same type as she.
The present Baron's wife was his cousiu,
er.d there is no more zeaJous worker for
poor Jews in London than she. By a curi
ous coincidence the women who have be
come Rothschilds by marriage have nu
• merous traits of character In common
Vith these "of tE^TtothscHna^KToodT '•--
royalties and rich folk than any similar
function ever held in London.
INVENTED THE "WEEK END."
Lady Rothschild, wife of the head of
the Rothschild family in England, has
achieved one success as an entertainer
which places her quite outside the rank
of English hostesses. Not even the
Duchess of Devonshire can take to her
self the credit for the setting of such a
fashion as the "week end." Lady Roths
child undoubtedly made the Friday-night
to-Monday-mornlng visit in the country
the diversion It now is for the English
aristocracy. From the aristocracy it
went to the middle classes and thence to
the lower, so that her ladyship has prac
tically done a kindness to 'the entire na
tion. Tring Park is occupied by Lord
Rothschild and his family only two
months out of the year, but the great
show place Is open for week end house
parties almost year in and year out. Lord
Rothschild delights to gather, his political
and business friends about him on these
occasions and everybody who is "any
body" some time or other attends a
Rothschild week end party.
Lady Rothschild is the frequent hostess
of royalty, both at Tring Park and at 178
Piccadilly, the magnificent town residence
of the family adjoining Apsley House, the
home of Wellington. But no matter what
the occasion, Lady Rothschild maintains
a rigid simplicity of dress. Her favorite
evening costume is gray satin, voile or
chiffon, and her Jewelry rarely exceeds
two pieces. One of these is a diamond
spray hair ornament and the other a
string of pearls. The pearls, fitting close
ly about the neck, are of great value
and are graduated until the center one is
reached. It is a huge, pear-shaped thing
and is one of the many priceless gems in
the Rothschild family.
Lady Rothschild shares one taste in
common with the King of England. Her
favorite flower, and Lord Rothschild's as
well, is the Malmaison carnation. This
carnation is frequently used in decorating
the King's private dinner table. On one
occasion tvhen the King and Queen at
tended a ball given at the RothschiM
town residence, Lady Rothschild used her
ingenuity and contrived decorations which
the then Prince of Wales said were as
beautiful as anything he had" ever seen
in a London house. Blooming peach trees
were "planted" throughout the mansion
and both the color and scent of the blos
soms were so accurately reproduced that
it seemed as if one were in a peach
Frau Gudula Mayer, First of
Line, Sets Wholesome
Fashion.
WOMEN OF THE THREE BRANCHES OF FAMOUS ROTHSCHILD FAMILY
ARE COMELY, CHARITABLE, SIMPLE OF SPEECH AND BIG OF BRAIN
taln of the whaler returned flealess sent
out an expedition for the special purpose
of flea-catching. That expedition is- still
en route. The flea Is found on the Arctic
fox.-
SON A GREAT TRAVELED.
The Hon. Walter Rothschild, in between
his flea-catching. Is a member of .Parlia
ment. He i3 the man who boldly wore a
white straw "plug hat" In the House one
day, and to. the amazement of all the rest
of the House continued the use of it
throughout the summer session. Although
a. young man of great activity, the Hon."
Walter Rothschild is not strong. His del
icate health has made it necessary for
him to travel a great deal, and in the an
nual trips he makes to the south of Eu
rope and other ' civilized ', countries his
mother is his companion. ' Lady Roths
child, hnwov*'. does not - accompany her
son when he goes animal hunting and
flea-catching. •
Tring Park, greatest of the residences
of the Rothschilds, was built by the pres
ent Lord Rothschild to suit his own
fancy. It is a mammoth building, square
and comfortable. . It is stored with art
treasures, although "the most precious
Rothschild - pictures are in Piccadilly:
The ' conservatories and private zoo j are
Tring Park's claim to" highest distinction.
The zoo, next to" the Duke of Bedford's,
is.theflnest collection of. its kind in Eng
land.'The conservatories belong particu
larly to Lady Rothschild and the dairy
to the Baron himself. Tring Park is one
of a' circle of Rothschild residences run
ning along ;the boundary line between
Hertfordshire and Buckingham. The fam
ily preserves its clannishness phenomen
ally. ¦ Five of their palatial countrv ra«u
dences are within a few miles of each
other.. '
I KNOWS HER OWN MIND. - •
! Miss'Allce de Rothschild., who inherited
her vast 'wealth from her : brother, the
late .Baron -Ferdinand de Rothschild, Is
perhaps , the cleverest of the Rothschild
women.. She is a wit and an after-dinner
speaker ; of - no small reputation. Good
natured 'though she is to a degree. Miss
Alice .has a. tongue that 'spares not. Since
her brother's death she superintends the
running {of 'her vast estates with a vigor
ous hand that keeps the place and the ser
vants in strict order.' Miss de Rothschild
takes awalk about the -grounds of Wad
desdon Manor every morning when she is
in the 'country! She carries . a little
trowel .with her, and when she sees an of
fending -weed 1 on the instant digs it up.
Her dress- is always simple. • She is a
ONE OF THE ROTHSCHILD WOMEN OF ENGLAND. WHOSE ACTIVITIES AS PRESIDENT* OF THE NA
TIONAL UNION OF WOMEN WORKERS ARE BENEFICENT, AND'TWO OF THE MOST FAMOUS OF THE
' NUMEROUS ROTHSCHILD RESIDENCES.
.true of the English branch. For amiabil
ity and royal tact England knows no su
perior to Lady Rothschild. Mrs. Leopold
Kothschild is a close second to hrr sis
ur-in-Iaw, the Baron's wife. Lady Bat
tersea. Lord Rothschild's cousin, and a
daughter of the late Sir Anthony de
Rothschild— she who "'is president of the
National Union of Women Workers — dis
jtvntses charity enough for the entire
Kothschild connection and both ?he and
her lovely sister. Mrs. liliot Yorke. are
ardent workers in the cause of temper
ance. Miss Alice de Rothschild, also a
cousin of Lord Rothschild, is the spinster
of the family and persona grata with the
Queen cf England. She is what is known
as a thoroughly good sort, although fam
ous neither for the suavity of Lady Roths
ihild and Mrs. "Leo" nor for the public
l.hilanthrcpies of Lady Battersea and
Mrs. Eliot Yorke. 'Of the younger gen
t ration of Rothschilds, Lady Crewe and
Lady Sybil Grant, the daughters of Lord
Rofaebety. are the leading lights. The
tnythcr of these ladies was Hannah
Rothschild, who was tremendously rich;
and. furthermore, there is a general sup
position that Miss Alice Rothschild, who
inherited her vast wealth from the King's
irlend. "Ferdy" Rothschild, will leave it
to the "Rosebery girls." Neither Lady
Crewe nor Lady Sybil Grant is beautiful,
Lut they are clever, good-natured wom
en, who, like Lady Rothschild, have a
cenuine repugnance to publicity of any
kind.
Then there is pretty Mrs. Clive Beh
rens. Lady Rothschild's only daughter,
who married her kinsman. Mrs. Behreris
is her mother's partner in all labor con
nected with the synagogue. Her wedding
•t the sivat house in Piccadilly a' few
x*mxti aso is eald to have collected more
orchard. Lady Rothschild is famous as a
friend of the newspapers. Although she
never on any occasion permits the publi
cation of her photograph, she goes out of
her way to give desired information. In
her unwillingness to have her picture go
the rounds. Lady Rothschild is like all
the ladies of the Rothschild family. Lady
Sybil Grant was not photographed in any
newspaper until just previous to her mar
riage, when she yielded to the pressure
brought to bear on the family.
DEVOUT WORSHIPER.
Lady Rothschild is a devout attendant
at a modest house of worship In Bays
water and when recently '• some ' of th"e
brethren collected the Jewish hymns writ
ten in lat? years they dedicated the
volume to Lady Rothschild. Her lady
ship is fond of walking about London and
often "takes the tube" downtown and
thence a bus to "the city," where some of
her charities are located.
But above society and above charity
Lady Rothschilds particular hobby is her
son. the Hon. Walter Rothschild. This
young man, who will some day be Lord
Rothschild, is no lover of smart society.
He is said to look like a farmer, and cer
tainly he loves country pursuits better
than town. He. too, enjoys his father's
well equipped dairy at Tring. although his
own famous zoological musuem takes pre
cedence of the dairy. The Hon. Walter is
a great traveler and has personally col
lected strange animals from all quarters
of the globe. The latest addition to his
museum Is an assortment of 1000 strange
fleas. He has offered $5000 for ' a '. peculiar
rpecimen of the flea family, known as the
Arctic flea, hitherto uncaught by • any
Englishman. Mr. Rothschild long since
commissioned an Arctic whaler to hunt
for this little insect and when tlie cax>-
LONDON', Sept. 19.-Mrs. Henry Hig
gins, formerly Mrs. Breese of New
York, and Miss Parsons of Colum
bus, O., has been doing Bome~smart
entertaining at her pretty town house
near Portman Square. She has now, how
ever, gone with her family to their place
in the country near London and will have
a number of, house parties. Mrs. Higgins'
eldest daughter, Miss Eloise Breese, is
making quite a stir since her recent de
but. She is an excellent .talker., and. aa.
extraordinarily good horsewoman. The
younger Miss Breese willbe out soon and
Mrs. Higgins' boy, who comes between
the sisters, is now. of age.
Mrs. Higgins is as strictly "In it" as
any American woman in London. She is
an intimate friend of Lady de Grey, Lady
Charles Beresford and others of "the
opera set." Until her marriage with Mr.
Higgins, five years ago, the then Mrs.
Breese, rich and pretty, was besieged
with offers of marriage. Her vogue in
Rome and in Paris was one which smart
people remember. She could have had a
title many. times over had she desired it.
But instead she came to London and met
again Harry Higgins, solicitor, musician,
devotee of the opera. Higgins was a
suitor of his wife while she was still Miss
Parsons. His love lasted and after her
first marriage and many years of widow
hood, Mr. Higgins, himself a widower by
then, renewed the suit and won.
Mrs. Higgins is sister-in-law to that
clever lady, Miss Polly Higgins, whose
dinner table talk Is the admiration of ail
who hear it.' Miss Polly has long since
passed matrimony up for good. She de
lights In being a maiden lady. She lives
alone, in a tiny little house on the border
land of Chelsea. But^he tiny little house
Is the scene cf innumerable gay gather
ings. Miss Polly Higgins . cares naught
for dress, but she has great friends, no
tably Lord Roaebery and his daughters.
Lady. Constance Mackenzie, whose re
cer.t polo playing in the United States
won- her the admiration of all beholders,
has reached India In the course of travels.
Lady Constance expects to return to Eng
land in the winter and will then go to
America -again. She is said to have
adopted the United States. Its freedom
appeals to her. more than any of Eng
land's ceremonial. Lady Constance is
heiress to her sister, the little Barones3
Cromartie, who holds her title in Her own
right, and who is a "literary lady." Lady
Constance evidently jntends to imitate her
sister in that particular. She is going to
write the history of her travels. Both
these girls, who have led rather untram
meled lives, are wards of the Dukes of
Sutherland and Argyle, and these gentle
men have trembled frequently at the es
capades of Lady Constance. She has al
ways ridden astride and in the most mas
culine attire. At deer stalking she is
adept and- her hunting tours into the
wilds of India are even now exciting" the
young, lady's friends. She Is still in the
early twenties. Of schooling and.chaper-
plain, elderly lady, and clothes concern
her little. With the exception of the least
ornamental of -evening gowns Miss dc
Rothschild's wardrobe consists principal
ly of, straight sack coats and short skirts.
Miss Alice de Rothschild was much
criticized In the nelghbornood of Waddes
don llanor at the time. of her brother's
death for doing away with what was
known as "open day" at the manor.
Baron "Ferdy," who was as good na
tured as .he was rich, let the country
people and anybody else who wanted to
enter the house and grounds one day a
week. Miss Alice believed that more ben
efit, is derived, by selecting guests
and "entertaining such' as need the enter
tainment with the same.lavl8hnes3 of hos
pitality as is ¦ given to the most impor
tant person who . comes there. Miss de
Rothschild has but • to like a poor girl
who" comes within her notice, and presto!
she has. invited her to.Waddesdon Manor
for a change of air and needed rest. A
certain, chorus. girl, neither very talented
nor very beautiful; once attracted Miss
Rothschild's attention. She sent behind
the scenes, got acquainted with the girl
and took' her* home with her. She has
onage Lady Constance has endured little.
The Duke of Sutherland and the Duke of
Argyle have given up their attempts td
force conventional education upon Lady
Constance.
Contrary to rumor Emba3sador and
Mrs. Choate have no" Intention of giving 1
up the house they have so long occupied
in Cartton House Terrace. Instead of
buying a big country place and moving
into it this season they are still In town,
and with the exception of . tve-jk-oiKis will
remain at home for the present. Recent
visits to the Duke and Duchess of Marl
borough and to Lady Battersea at Over
strand, near Cromer, were "week-ends."
Mr. and Mrs. Henry White are at Carls
bad for Mrs. White's health. Mra. White's
friends in London are all sorry she is not
quite well. Her social career here has
been one series of triumphs. Her daugh
ter. Miss Muriel White. Inherits her
mother's social facilities and is the in
t.'mate friend of several almost royal
ladles.
J. Ridgely Carter, second secretary of
the embassy. Is still in town, en duty.
Mrs. Carter has gone to Paris and will
not be in London much until the lata
autumn.
Although the coronation last year prob
ably drew to England more Americana
than ever before the supply of pond
crossers seems to be unlimited and it Is
estimated that 120,000 Americans hava
been !n Europe this summer. The extra
weight of this invasion is felt
especially at the American embassy in
London owing to the universal desire to
visit the Houses of Parliament. For sev
eral years it has been the custom to ad
mit the public to the bulldinsra on Satur
day afternoons when the bodies were not
in session, but in order to enter at other
time3 a ticket from one of the members
or from one of tho embassies has been
necessary. Since few Americans happen
to be personally acquainted with a real
lord or M. P. the dlnsy offices under the
American flae in Victoria street have
been kept hustling. There has been
hardly a day during the last few weeks
that the number of applicants for tickets
at the American embassy has f;i!Jen below
a hundred. Now a notice just inside the
door informs you that \he Embassador's
supply of tickets for the season has run
' The latest addition to the Duchess of
Bedford's private zoo at Wobtirn Abbey
is a dwarf pony two and a half feet high.
This little creature is being taught by
her Grace the Duchess to accompany her
all over the Bedford estates. It runs
along like a dog-, and many persons. see-
Ing it from a distance, think it just a
collie or some other dog of moderate size.
The Duches3 of Bedford visits her hos
pital at "Woburn every morning ami she
Intends teaching the pony to wipe its
feet on the doormat in order that It may
accompany her on her rounds of the
wards, visiting the patients.
ever since stood the girl's friend. Unlike
many of her wealthy family. Miss de
Rothschild indulges in little public char
ity. She does her kindnesses to individ
uals.
BEAUTIFUL "MBS. LEO."
Then there is the beautiful "Mrs. Leo"
Rothschild. She is of Italian birth, but
she has taken to English life enthusias
tically. She Is more strictly a "society
woman" than Lady -iothschlld. She waa
the chaperone of Lady Sybil Grant when
she made her debut as Lady Sybil Prim
rose, and now that her son3 ar.e grown
fine young men she Is seen about with
them a great deal. She dressesin what
some one has termed "a neat, unobtru
sive style." Mrs. Leo's skill as a rider is
proverbial, and as a patron of the opera
she has no superior in enthusiasm. Many
American women who during the- Eng
lish meeting of the International Council
of. Women were entertained at the Tring
Park garden party by Lady Rothschild
will remember that Mrs. Leo. the per
sonification of dainty face and flgurqj
stood by Lady Rothschild all afternoon
and shook hands with all the ffuejta.
Mrs. Henry Higgins, Who Was Formerly Mrs.
Breese of New York, Is Particularly
Popular in the "Opera Set."
AMERICAN WOMAN IN LONDON
DOES SMART ENTERTAINING
AT HER PRETTY TOWN HOUSE
SAX FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 20, 1903.
Pages 45 to 48
Pages 45 to 48Jerusalem, in which she appears
as the Magdalen, he^ fame has grown
to a point that placed her apart
from other actresses In English through
a succession of remarkable impersona
tions of the most difficult of char
acters, all -of which were modern to a de
gree. It had erroneously been presumed
that Mrs. Flske was solely a gTeat ex
ponent of the modern school of acting.
The fact that her earlier experiences in
the theater were in the classic drama, in
association with the great among the
players of those earlier years, and that
such experiences must have instilled the
best Inspiration possible, was lost sight of.
The error was seen when Mrs. Flske
originated In English the part of Mary of
Magdala In the Heyse drama, In which
she will be seen in this city during the
present season. William Winter, the dean
of American critics, said In the New York
Tribune on the morning after the produc
tion of "Mary of Magdala": "Mrs. Flske.
who has not hitherto acted any part that
contains so much experience, feeling,
spirituality and mournful beauty as are
combined in the Magdalen, rises in this
embodiment to an imnres&lva ni»'tnrta tvf
UP to the time at which Mrs. Flske
produced "Mary of Magdela," Paul
Heyse's powerful drama of ancient
MRS. FISKE WINS $6
HIGHEST PRAISE
IN HEYSE DRAMA
"That is more serious. It is the low
tone of appreciation for the best songs
that prevails — of course, comparatively.
And again, happily, it is changing every
day for the better. But the indifference
and Ignorance of the public as to the best
of song art is directly due to the vicious
system of song royalties that is ram
pant. Edward Lloyd, for example, got
never less than £500 a year for singing
'The— Unholy! City.' Antoinette Sterling
used to make an annual £700 for singing
'The Lost Chord.' Well,. then, the public
naturally said to Itself— not knowing of
this— 'these songs must be good, for these
great singers sing them,' and went home
to put them on every piano rack in the
country. Then the poor song writers, with
Albani and. such people in such reper
toires, wrote songs to fit them— venal, of
course, but, unfortunately, all but Inevi
table. The whole song standard is low
ered in consequence. I have the honor to
be," and Mr. O'Sullivan shook a proud
head, "one of the smallest royalty singers
In England. But there's Plunkett Greene
and a few others to keep up the fight."
"Trust an Irishman to be In some sort
of fight," I laughed.
"Ah, I must tell you about the Sligo fes
tival," the Irishman then laughed. "I go
down to sing there every year, j and last
year at the little affair; they had a 'thrifle'
of a singing 1 contest, they made me make
a 'spache' "— he actually said! "Well, I
went for the people, starting with his
Lordship the BishoD. 'Yol»*- mv lord Bish-
all the essentials of a singer, a deep
dramatic sense, the poetic faculty, the
intellectual outlook, ear, voice, every
thing. In fact. Wonderful man! He is a
doctor of philosophy, an • instructor of
harmony, plays the violin and is first tra
gedian in the Staats Theater at Meinln
gen. Why, he* couldn't help singing! He
brought the other Wolf song, too, the
'Fussreise,' I gave the other night. That
embodies to me the whole spirit of the
morning."
"You must have some splendid recitals
in London?"
"H'm!" the singer said, "not so many
as we should have. There are two things
in London that make a singer's life not
wholly a happy one— that's if lie cares
for his work. The charity coricert Is one.
There's a perfect plague of them. Some
titled this or the other will write a hon
eyed note Insisting that you sing for the
benefit of a home for tongue-tied cocka
toos or hump-backed kangaroos in which
she Is interested. The dear duchess her
self-does not uull a penny out of her
august pocket, by the way. And some
times one cannot refuse. The objects are
so ludicrous, too, frequently, and the
more sentimental the more successful. I
remember, for example, a benefit for
homeless clogs that netted a clean £685,
while in the same week a benefit for a
broken down old singer, Anna Cole, made
just £15. It is the same way with actors.
Little Dan Leno, the cleverest low com
edian on the English stage, is now in an
asylum through overwork, said to be
largely due to the excessive demands
made upon him by so-called charitable
Institutions."
"And the other reason why the singer's
life is not all beer and skittles in Lon
don?"
"'Predilection' all right," I nodded.".
"I have a predilection," with proud rep
etition, "for Ernani, Figaro, Ratcliffe,
Baron Scarpia, Gerad— oh, I can't think,"
with his hands thrown up. "I have sing
forty-six roles."
"Iago, of course?"
"Oh, I mooch like Iago. But Maurel you
should hear. Yous aimerlez bcaucoua
A bubbling "Oul! oul!" answered me.
I translated.
"I have a predilection, no?" Gregoretti
looked at me. ;
"I am rather rltard— Is It not?" Grego
retti cried as he came Into Mr. Leahy's
office at the Tlvoii a moment or two after
I arrived there on my baritone hunt. He
held out a fervent Italian hand, and
every bit of his dental jewelry beamed
on me. "I am very glad know you. I
thank you for what you write about me.
You have been very kind,", all this with
a well-rehearsed and artless fluency.
"And you have been very clever," I
echo, smiling back. This Is an Infectious
ly good-humored person. To begin, then.
I asked: "Do you know Salassa? We like
him very much here?" To Gregoretti,
the fine old artist's legitimate successor,
the question was obviously natural.
"No; but by name," he replied, and I
noted then the clean, careful and musi
cal cut of such English as Gregoretti has.
"I know you like him. When you write
about me, you speak of him,, is it not?"
and the singer leaned back with Joyful
pride in himself. "You excuse me if I
speak English; I practice with you."
"What parts do you specially like to
sing?" I asked.
" 'Specially, 'specially?" Gregoretti quot
ed, bewildered.
"Parlez francais?" *•
cp,' I said, 'and you. Mr. Creighton, and
you— so on— it's the shame it is for all
this talent hero to be m-glected for the
salce of a few guineas and a scrap of in
terest. I'll tell you what I'll do— I'll come
down and adjudicate every year and start
a prize fund if any one will follow ma.'
And this year, would you think it, they
had a splendid little festival— choruses,
bands, violin soles, songs. All sorts of
music, they had, frorn rale ould Gaelic
patter songs to a Paiaestrina eight-part
motet. The motet v;as sung by an old
fellow that looked like Moses, an ancient
grandam, two little snub-no?<ed girls and
others, and was led by a one-legged prac
tical plumber. They were all factory folk
from Nev-Ty, and I tell you they sang
wonderfully.
"I wanted the thing more to give the
people something to think of besides poli
tics," this patriot Gael went on, "to keep
the men out of saloons and to give the
girl children a chance to come in contact
with things fine and pretty. And it was
charming to see the factory girls in their
simple little dresses singing alongside rich
young women with every external refine
ment. But I nearly blubbered when the
school children sang— babies of 12 to 15.
It's as pitiful as a bird cry. There's
a pathos unexplainable about the child
voice. The only thing that sav?<l
me was a joke, and I grabbed: for it like
a drowning man!"
"To the Sligo festival," I said in going.
"Long life to it," said Denis O'Sullivan.
know which is the finest. Mais
vraiment, it Is not necessary to choose
betwane 'em, but as I saw Maesthro
Denis some half an hour before M'sleu
Adamo dawned upon me this week, the
gallant Irish bard shall take precedence.
I left Mr. O'Sullivan with the clean
tincture of a delicate brogue in my ears.
to fall Jnto an engaging whirlwind of
French, Italian, courageous English and
a fluent volapuk of Gregoretti gesture.
The day was warm, the interview a mat
ter of perspiration and prayer, and since
then I have been carrying round an An
glo-Italo-French-HIbernian brogue that
threatens hopelessly to dislocate my vo
cabulary- And if this were all! But sap
ristl! this ragtime libretto persists in fit
ting Itself to the- haunting phrase of the
Brahms finale that Mr. Sche-el gave us
last Tuesday, when It is not two-stepping
it to the tune of the current "Trovatore."
Such is the dire result of mixing one's
interviews, then taking a symphony con
cert on top — all this to explain humbly, it
should be said, the lingual olla podrida
that impends.
As it was certainly Gregoretti who told
me that ho had stubbed the "fingers of
his foot" on Monday evening in the
"Trovatore," bo I am equally convinced
that It was Denis O'SullIvan who dis
coursed so eloquently to me upon song
singing last Tuesday. It was naturally to
him, a born singer of songs, that I should
go for some of its secrets, as it was to
go to the TlvoII barytone for operatic
fish to fry- Therefore to him I safely
ascribe the following song wisdom, deliv
ered in earnest, nervous English except
when Ireland's music came up, when the
O'Sullivan phrase and accent warmed Into
a cordial, fragrant brogue.
After the "good mornings"— it was in
the offices of the O'Sullivan estate, where
this particular scion of the name was
doing his un-Celtic best to become an ab
sentee landlord of San Francisco— I ven
tured to congratulate the singer on his
fine vocal trim, as it was evidenced at
his recital of last week.
"Yet." he said, "I have never sung so
well here, I am deplorably conscious, as
I have sung in London. I am always un
fortunate In finding I have a throat here.
People must think— I feel— the London
criticisms of my work awtully exaggerat
ed In their praise."
"That is the last thing the London
critic Is usually accused of," I replied,
"nor do I believe there tfi any one to think
you overpraised. To me the criticisms
are simply Just, for — permit me — It Is only
when a Max Helnrich or some other such
rare artist comes along that one gets the
body and soul of a song as you give them.
But I do want to know a little about how
you pet at It, if I may?"
"I don't thought"— no! that must
have been Adamo— "I think I have hard
ly any settled method," the barytone
laughed, "though possibly my experience
of 'finding' a song Is practically the same
Vx most cases. I " and the art dream
came to Illumine the merry, everyday
Wr* -« **»* tsUitcex'A eye— "I think really I
THERE are barytones and bary
tones, the Denis O'Sullivan kind
and the Adamo Gregoretti sort,
and it's mesilf, faith, that doesn't
"I'm not familiar with his work."
"Oh, he is only fairly well known in
Germany, practically not at all In Eng
land nor here. He was introduced to
London last season by Dr. Wullner
there's a singer for you! Wullner now,"
and Mr. O'Sullivan's tone blazed with
admiration, "to me comprises in himself
"I am simply possessed by the 'Ana
creon's Grab,' " the a!nger said. "It is
one of the finest sones I know. Poor
Wolf! His fate was like Schumann's, you
know; be ended in a madhouse a year
or so ago."
have a sort of instinct for finding a good
song, to begin with. There is" something
about it— a veritable magnetism that
seems to attract through the very covers!
Yes, I find I buy very little trash, though
I read at least one or two new songs
every day. For one thing I read very
readily at sight— my eyes are very quick,
I can see almost through to the next
page it sometimes seems to me, and you
can see how this helps In getting at the
ensemble of a song. The atmosphere I
get almost immediately. I really very sel
the first reading."
"But there is a whole continent between
that and the final rendering?"
"Just as there is between the negative
and the finished photograph," the bary
tone put it. "There's the developing, the
printing, the polishing up, everything
that goes to make the finished picture
from the spontaneous thing that the first
flash of the sun splashed on the glass.
Curiously. I'm not conscious of the tech
nical difficulties of the song at first. Those
impose themselves later. Then with its
every reading there is a loss of spon
taneity until the singing becomes not in
stinctive but purely mechanical. In the
final rendering the. scng Is the me
chanical, conscious expression of what
was at first an intuitive perception of Its
values."
"And you act out your songs, I know, in
etudying them?"
"I act too much In singing them?" Mr.
O'Sullivan quickly queried back.
"Not for a moment," I heartily replied.
"I do act while I study," the singer
laughingly confessed, "shout, throw my
arms about, make faces and walk all
over the shoo. I think it helps you to
get the drama of a song for one thing.
Then, for another. It frees your muscles
from restraint that is going to make it
self felt in your sineinjj."
"It must have been great fun studying
the Strauss 'Fur Funzehn Pfennige'?"
"It was," the barytone agreed, then re
marked: "I^s very difficult, all sorts of
tonal hurdl<4=, queer scales" — and he ran
up and down one In a rich la, la, until
avid ears hung in at the door and I
wanted to call the Interview off. "There's
another Strauss, magnificent thing, that
I wanted to sing, "Die Rattenfanger.' In
deed, personally, I should like to have
made my programme wholly of Strauss,
Hugo Wolf, Welngartner perhaps, and,
say, som« of the less well known songs
of Schubert. There's a perfect mine of
them— songs of Osslan. Hector's Abs
chied, songs of Sophocles, Agamemnon,
a perfect Golconda, intensely dramatic
stuff."
"You are very fond of the Hugo Wolf
songs?"
At Christmas time Mildred Holland will
iu» luua pa Otharlna th» Cm«| a ( Djr-«t.,
The students of Stanford University
have secured Fischer's Theater for the
night of the football game, November 14.
There will be many novel features Intro
duced on that occasion.
Adelina Patti will give but two concerts
In this city and one In Los Angeles. The
great diva goes direct from here to her
castle In Wales. The famous slng3r*a ap
pearance will be the greatest event in the
history of music In the country.
Wilton Lackaye's season In "The Pit"
will begin November 23 at the Walnut
street Theater, Philadelphia. The pro
duction promises to be the event of the
year, since the play Is a dramatization of
Frank Norris' best-selling book and
serves to introduce one of the most promi
nent American actors In a stellar capacity.
Dramatic authorship no longer Is car
ried on under the circumstances that once
drove the talented "Kit" Marlowe to sui
cide. The royalties on "Way Down
East," which is about $o begin Its seventh
season under the directton of William A.
Brady, at 5 per cent would already have
amounted to about $30,000.
Fay Davis, the newest of the Charles
Frohman stars. Is to play Julie le Breton,
the heroine of Mrs. Humphry "Ward's
"Lady Rose's Daughter." which has been
dramatized by George Fleming.
• • •
Maurice Maeterlinck's "Monna Vanna**
Is being translated and will soon be pub
lished in this country. This is said to be
one of the greatest play9 of modern
times.
The company which will support Grace
Van Studdiford in "The- Red Feather."
De Koven's new opera, is now complete.
In the cast are Elise Devere. James E.
Sullivan. George Tallman. Louis Casa
vant, Dorothy Gilbert. Margaret Hub
bard ri Ayer. Mona Desmond, Louise Hoi
lister. May Waters. Grace Klmbail. Fred
J. Titus. T. S. Peters and a chorus of
eighty, a singing chorus, too, by the way,
for this is a real opera.
Richard Sterling, a member of Robert
Edeson's "Soldiers of Fortune" company,
has fallen heir through the death of an
aunt, Mrs. Joseph Pettee. formerly well
known in Boston and New York society,
to a fortune of $130,000. Sterling will not
abandon his profession nor does he intend
to risk hi3 inheritance by seeking undue
prominence for himself as a theatrical
celebrity. He has made over the entire
sum to his mother and will continue In
the rank and file until such times as he is
thought worthy of better things.
power— the power not only to comprehend
a terrible conflict In a great soul and to
form, a lofty ideal of moral grandeur tri
umphant over human passion, but the
power to embody that self conflict and
that moral grandeur ) In a sumptuous
Image of beautiful womanhood and to ex
press them with intense sympathy, afflu
ent vigor and' pathetic grace."
Then in a polyglot lingo Gregoretti
showed his thoughtful side in an eloquent
exposition of operatic conditions in Italy.
How the Socialist' party, in view of the
poverty of the country, has declared It
self against the subventioning of thea
ters. How there is another clique that
is all in favor of the retaining: of the
subvention traditions. How these two
parties make themselves evident In the
atrical audiences by applauding and hiss
ing certain- singers for no other reason
than that the other side does the other
thing. How in consequence the independ
ent,'with a Socialist on one side and a
subventlonist on the other, one applaud
ing, the other hissing, does not know
what to do. How in Rome the great
Argentina Theater, once the recipient of
200,000 francs for a four months' season
yearly, now gets nothing. How the the
aters are everywhere closing.
"And it is better for the poor when
theaters are opened." Gregoretti con
cluded. "Ladies want the gloves and a
new dress, want always to change,
n'est-ce pas? And make it better for
merchants and better for theaters and
better fcr si.igers."
"What do the King and Queen think
about the situation?"
- "No care," laughed Gregorettfi "like
only automobile."^ .._
llco favorito. you know. In Italy not so.
I not know if I great man there, or lit
tle mm."
"Exactly," with profound relief, sitting
down thankfully. "I am very glad to
sing."
"That I'm sure of," I testified. "And
with whom did you study?"
"At Rome I studied, with the sister of
Tamberllk, once time greatest tenor of
the world! He died now. He was plus
grand que Tamagno. Then I have stud
ied also with Bartolini. He modest, you
understand, not much known, but gret
knowledge about the singing," and for
Tamberllk's fame and Bartolini's modes
ty Gregoretti opened wide his soft and
fiery brown eyes and lifted his black
brows. There is much eye play among his
vocabulary and I laughingly mimicked
his elance here. His return look showed
him amiably conscious of his visual gym
nastics. He is all amiability, and looks it
In every healthy, good natured line of
his big, fine figure to the incorrigible
dimple in his chin.
"I wished very much to come here,
ouf!" he went on then. ~ "I have been
twice to South Amerlque, but not North.
It is like Russie here. Audiences the
same, very enthusiasm."
"I thought that the Italian audiences
were the most enthusiastic."
"Not now, once time," Gregoretti cor
rected. "Here much more so. They are
affectionate, expansive. If you are nub.
"Never. I like for to move. I cannot
sing like this," and Gregoretti stood up
stiffly like a little tin soldier.
"Then you have always been an opera
singer?"
"No; I was once an engineer of me
canisme" — mechanical engineer. I dis
covered. "I have made a section of study
of enginery at a mecanisme establish
ment. For two years I was director
there. But I have preferred to sing. I
study while I was there, pour l'amour.
I don't thought I had a voice for the the
ater when I have begin. But I find I
have. Then I throw away the books of —
numero, I don't found , the word — " and
Gregoretti strode over to Mr. Leahy's
desk where I sat to say; "books of 1, 2,
3,' 4 of enginery—"
"Engineering books you throw away,"
I said, in turn throwing away imaginary
volumes. >-_*
"It is the Thomas 'Hamlet?' V
"Yes," subscribed the singer. "I think
it better for America than for Italy. You
serious here. We cannot look like this
too much in Italy." and Gregoretti
hunched his shoulders and beetled his
brows in true tragedian fashion.
"Salvini's Hamlet?"
"Ah! I have seen, I have heard! Mag
niflque!" ¦
"Did you ever sing in concerts, signor?"
son Iago. Verdi himself has chose him
for the role. lie sing wonderful."
"Looks very tine, too?"
"He is taller of me," and Gregoretti
put four fingers' breadth afbove his shin
ing black mane to explain Maurel's great
er height. "He sing also first Falstaff."
"You sing also Falstari?"
"Non; I feel still troppo — too down,"
said the singer, measuring about a foot
from the floor, to show where he feels as
to FalstalT. "And Amleto I have studied
much, but not sing yet. Je suis trop.en
fant— baby— to sing un role si grand, si
colosse, si magniflque."
Adamo Gregoretti Tells Interviewer of Discouraging Conditions for Opera in Itaiy, and Denis O'Sullivan Describes the Bete Noire of the Musician in London.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 20, 1903.
WITH THE PLAYERS AND THE MUSIC FOLK
46The Red Men.
THE official visit paid by Noble
Grand Arch Beck to Monteverde
Grove in this city last week was a
very pleasant one. There were present
Grand Secretary Martinoni, Grand Treas
urer Horn, Grand Marshal Antonovich,
Junior Past Noble Grand Arch C. A. Gug-
Helmoni and many lesser lights of the
order. The grove initiated several can
didates and then there were Instructive
addresses by the visiting officers, after
after which there was a collation in the
gupper room.
The noble grand arch subsequently paid
an official visit to Volta Grove, where
there was a good attendance and several
candidates were given the first degree.
There was, aner an inspection of the
work, a time for the good of the order,
when the noble grand arch, grand sec
retary, grand marshal and others deliv
ered addresses for the advancement of
the organization. After the close of the
grove there was a march to a well known
restaurant, where supper was served, and
after more talking the company remained
together until 1:30 in the morning.
The noble grand arch then paid an ofQ-
Druidism.
The members of Golden Gate Temple
of the Rathbone Sisters were guests at a
kaffee klatsch last week at the residence
of Mrs. D. W. and MIjs Myrtle Saylor,
242 Twelfth avenue. Richmond district,
and spent a very enjoyable afternoon.
Music and sons and the serving of ex
cellent coffee were the featurea of the
afternoon, not to say anything of the
small talk. In addition to the hostesses
ihere were present Mrs. E. Bayley. Mrs.
J. Keenan. Mrs. C. K. Thomson. Mrs. J.
E. Elklngrton. Mrs. J. G. Klemm. Mrs. J.
Llchtenstein. Mrs. Fouth of Redlands,
Miss Grace Saylor, Mrs. j»L Buchman
and Miss Ruby Saylor.
GRAND CHANCELLOR SARGENT
paid an official visit on tho night of
September 11 to Eureka Lodge No.
9 of the Knights of Pythias, on which oc
casion the work of tho order la the paga
rank was exemplified in the long form.
Golden Gate Lodge recently gave tha
second of a series of socials in Castle
Hall. K. of P. building. There was a good
attendance, but It was not as larsre as
was expected, yet what was lacking In
numbers was made up by the enthusiasm
that was shown by those who were there.
That Dortlon of the evening's entertain
ment designated as the card section was
greatly enjoyed. Two bachelors. Messrs.
Weber and Heiniichs, found happiness in
playing "Old Maid" and caused no end of
amusement for the onlookers. At a re
cent meeting thi3 lodge elected three
strangers to membership and there 1s ev
idence that the members ar« all striving
to see which will, in a limited period, in
troduce and have initiated the greatest
number of strangers.
The social recently given by San Fran
cisco Company of the Uniform Rank In
Pythian Castle was a pleasant affair
that was enjoyed by a very large num
ber of people who danced all night. Tha
affair was admirably managed by the
committee of arrangements.
Knights of Pythias.
a large number of the members and at
the session of the last named lodge there
were a number of visitors from lodges In
the immediate vicinity. There were five
candidates Initiated and the visiting of
ficer complimented the officers for the
effective manner in which thev did their
work. After the close of tha lodge there
was a banquet In honor of the visiting
Officer.
The members of Templar Rebekah
Lodge, who are to appear in the farce
"Beautiful Forever," to be presented in
Odd Fellows' Hall, September 26, for the
benefit of the Orphans' Home, have bad
several rehearsals and will give one of
the best amateur entertainments ever
presented by a Rebekah lodge.
The San Francisco board of relief paid
a fraternal visit last week to Herman
Lodge in this city. During tho evening
Alta Lodge visited in a body and swelled
the number present to about one mmdred
and fifty. There were addresses by W.
I. Brobeck, H. W. Osthoff, Messrs. Myers.
Mayer, Conn and Hanna. -After the meet
ing there was a social hour and cigars.
The committee will visit California Lodgo
on September 28.
At the last meeting of Pacific Lodge
there was presented to that body by
Joseph S. Winterburn a handsome silk
American flag. During the evening 1 and
Immediately preceding the presentation
the lodge was visited by Yerba Buena
Lodge. The presentation to Pacific sug
gested to J. M. Litchfield a like favor to
Yerba Buena and he promised to send a
fine flag to that lodge.
The Past Arch Association will pay a
visit, to Lincoln Grove in Harmony Hall
on the evening of September 23. On the
first Thursday In October this grove wtll
give an entertainment and dance in Aus
trian Hall.
has now eighty-eight members and the
membership is striving to reach the 100
mark.- If energy, activity and a desire to
Bee the grove grow count for anything
the number will be reached.
ECHOES FROM THE LODGE ROOM
Native Daughters.
DJRING the early part of September
Miss Stella Finkeldey, grand presi
dent of the Native Daughters of the
Golden West, officially visited the three
parlors In Sacramento. Her first visit was
to Sutter Parlor, where she was greeted
by a large number of the members of tho
order. The work was presented In a satis
factory manner and after the business of
the evening was over Miss Josie Judd,
president of the parlor, on behalf of the
members, presented the grand president
with a handsome gilt clock. She next
visited La Bandera Parlor and was wel
comed by First Vice President Laura Fox
In the absence of the president The work
of the evening was pronounced perfect
i
of the third Thursday in September in
Union Square Hall was one that for pre
cision of movement in the various evolu
tions surpassed any previous exhibit by
this famous corps. The ladles were loud
ly applauded and after the drill were in
dividually congratulated. The hope was
expressed that they may carry away the
trophy during the encampment at Paso
Robles next month. Dancing followed
the drill.
F. Coburn, a well-known fraternal man,
a few days since drove to Redwood City
via the San Bruno turnpike and had as
guests a number of members of Amity
and Oriental Rebekah lodges and at their
destination all partook of a lunch under
the trees on the outskirts of the city.
Mrs. Alma I. Jensen, president of the
California Assembly of Rebekahs, paid
an official visit last, week to Bloomfield
Lodge and • then • went to Silver Spray
Lodge. At each place she was met by
cial visit to Roma Grove in Oakland, be
ing accompanied by Grand Secretary
Martinoni, Grand Marshal Antonovich,
Grand Inside Guardian Pozzl and Grand
Sentinel Cramer. During the evening
Oakland Grove In a body visited Roma,
and, with other visitors, there were more
than 150 Druids present. There was an ex
emplification of the work and an explana
tion of the manner In which the degrees
should be conferred, after which there
was a banquet in honor of the visitors.
A new grove, to be called Live Oak,
will be instituted in Oakland, September
23, with 100 charter members.
There is a movement afoot for a class
initiation in the Order of Druldesses in
this city.
Old Friends' Circle on the third Mon
day in August, had a large and enthusi
astic meeting, during which several peti
tions for membership were received.
McKjnley Grove Is still progreasin*. It
ceived several applications for member
ship, one of the applicants being Colonel
Woodruff of the United States army, who
had been a member of the order la tho
past but dropped out. and desires to re
turn. After the regular business Speaker
Ker entertained the membership and vis
itors with the following programme:
Piano recital: selections by the California
Council Quartet. "The Bridge" and "Fish-
Ing"; vocal solos by Friends McCurrie.
Smith, Van Orden and Purdy; whistling
solo, Friend Shearer; violin and piano
duet, the Messrs. Hemsbach; monologue
with topical songs. Dick Mack of the Or
pbeum circuit.
Golden Gate Council at Its first meet
ing in September obligated one stranger
and received four applications for mem
bership. After the meeting had been
turned over to the speaker there wu an
eveninr of music and son*.
CALIFORNIA COUNCIL, of the Na
tional Union at its meeting on the
first Wednesday In September re-
National Union.
AN OFFICER OF THE FRATERNAL BROTHERHOOD OF THIS CITY
AND PROMINENT MEMBERS OF SAN FRANCISCO CHAPTER OP
THE ORDER OF THE EASTERN STAR.
The . exhibition drill given by San Fran
cisco Rebekah drill corps on the evening
This function, admirably projected and
exceedingly well carried out, was one of
the most pleasant affairs that has been
given in many months in that hall.
Jubilee Rebekah Lodge W M have "a
harvest home" in its hall in the Odd Fel
lows' building on the evening of Septem
ber 22.
Soprano solo. Miss Mattie Phelps; bass
solo, George H. Fawcett; contralto solo
Mrs. F. C. Allen; soprano solo, Miss M.
Brentweln; specialty, "How d'y Do," lit
tle Ruth McKenzie; contralto solo, Olive
Reed; address, Mrs. Addle L. Ballou P
N. G. of Jubilee Lodge; "The Separation "
by Mrs. Lizzie Stanton and Mrs. Blanche
Bouviere; specialties. Sid Barrington;
song and dance, Maudie Sharpe and
Queenie' Tllton.
GOLDEN GATE LODGE NO. 204, I.
O.O. F., on the evening of Sep
tember 8 tendered a reception to
the members of Jubilee Rebekah Lodge,
after which there was a programme of
entertainment, dancing and the serving
of refreshments to the hundreds who fill
ed the Memorial Hall of the Odd Fel
lows' building. After an instrumental
solo and a short address of welcome by
the noble grand of the receiving lodge
there was a suitable response by Mrs.
H. M. Ludlow, noble grand of Jubilee
Rebekah Lodge, after which the follow
ing programme was most' successfully
carried out under the direction of George
J. Strong, assisted by H. M. Ludlow and
Louis Kragen:
The Odd Fellows.
"I Love to Hear That Song Again" (Von
Tilzer), L. Giovanessi; "California," Mrs.
Belle Stockwell; poem, "The Sleeping
Princess, California," Grand Trustee Em
ma Barney; violin solo (a), "Jocelyn,"
berceuse (B. Godard), (b), "The Cup" (H.
Wienlawski), Miss Nellie Zoellner; "The
Pioneer Women," Mrs. Mesereau; solo,
"Ora pro Nobis," Frank Hillman; "The
Pioneer Daughters," Mrs. W. C. Ramsay;
"The Flag," Miss Clara Stler; "The Pio
neer Sons," \A. H. Ashley.
i ».
Nez Perces Tribe at Its last meeting
adopted ten palefaces and received fif
teen applications.
Seminole Tribe save a picnic last week
and the feature thereof was that the ma
jority of the prizes consisted of live ani
mals. There was a large attendance and
much enjoyment for all. The picnic va»
conducted by the members of the Hay->
makers' Degree team.
Pocahontas Tribe has selected a team
that is rehearsing the new ritual and
will put it on with as much impressive
ness &* It did the old one.
The tribe in Solano at a recent meet
ing adopted twenty-five palefaces.
Senior Sagamore Ingersoll of Hoopa
Tribe of Eureka was in this city last
week and visited a number of the local
tribes.
Last week Manitou Tribe had a thea
ter party in the Central. There was a
good turnout of the members and others.
Great Sachem Samuels announces the
following visitations for the current
month: September 21, to Manitou Tribe;
September 22, to White Eagle; September
23, to Oshone; September 24, to Wallipi;
September 23, to Monadnock: September
23, to Samoset, and September 29, to Co
manche.
that are followed by the Relief Commit
tee of the Odd Fellows.
Orlnda Parlor celebrated ine thirteenth
anniversary of its fraternal existence by
a grand ball in Native Sons' Hall on Sep
tember 15. There was a good dancing
crowd, which enjoyed a well-arranged
programme of dances. Nora Foley was
the floor manager and her assistant was
Alma Reimers.
Joaquin Parlor of Stockton had an en
tertainment in celebration of Admission
day and had for special guests the So
ciety of Pioneers and the ladies' auxiliary
of that society. There was a large at
tendance and the following wa3 the pro
gramme of entertainment.
Welcome by the president of Joaquin
Parlor, Mrs. Sadie Fiemster; remarks by
Toastmls tress Mrs. Lena Hilke Mills;
•'The Pioneers," Dr. C. C. Grattan; solo,
Past Grand President Eliza J. Keith
visited Keith Parlor on the second Mon
day in September, when four candidates
were Initiated. In the absence of Presi
dent A. Florence Temple, M. D., Vice
President Mrs. Addle Freeman, filled that
chair and initiated the candidates with
charming grace. This lady will soon leave
this city with her husband and son for
an automobile tour throughout the State.
During the* latter part cf September the
members of tha Princess Parlor of Los
Angeles entertained the pioneers of that
section of country. There was an address
by Delia Rose, president of the parlor;
then a vocal duet, "See the Pale Moon,"
by Mrs. Dal ton and Miss HImmlnghofen;
recitation, "A Slight Misunderstanding,"
Mrs. Kerr; vocal duet, "I Know a Bank,"
Mrs. Dalton and Miss »Himminghofen;
reading. "My New Year's Guests," Mrs.
Hoffman; then short addresses by the
pioneers, after which a supper was
served.
Past Grand President Mrs. Bella W.
Conrad has returned from Strawberry,
where she spent a three months' vaca
tion.
During her stay in Sacramento the
grand president was the guest of Past
Grand President Mrs. Gett, the wife of
Major W. A. Gett.
Mrs. Mary Lithgow, an officer of Ama
pola Parlor, entertained Grand Secretary
Miss Laura J. Frakes at tea at her home
In Sutter Creek, it being the occasion of
the anniversary of Miss Frakes' birth.
Besides the hostess and guest of honor,
there were present the following named
to congratulate Miss Frakes: Miss Ida B.
Herman, grand organist; Mrs. Nixon,
Mrs. J. Brown, Mrs. Kerfoot and Mrs.
Howard. ..•
After having enjoyed the hospitality of
the parlors she paid a visit to Califla Par
lor and there received a welcome akin to
that received In the other parlors. The
hall was prettily decorated and the visit
ing official after witnessing the exempli
fication of the ritualistic work expressed
her approval thereof. The parlor pre
sented her a silver souvenir cup having
engraved upon it a view of the State
Capitol, Suttees Fort and the Marshall
monument.
Before making her third visit the visit
ing official was taken in charge by a com
mittee representing the three parlors and
driven over the city and immediate vi
cinity that she might see the beauties of
the Capitol City. She was also taken to
the races and the State Fair, it being fair
week.
and at the close of the meeting- the grand
president was presented a costly cut-glass
perfume bottle. The parlor, in apprecia
tion of what Past Grand President Mrs.
Ema Gett has done for it in the past,
presented her a large basket of beautiful
flowers.
Btarr King Chapter will give Its first
entertainment and dance In Golden Gate
Hall on the evening of September 25.
On the evening of September 14 Grand
Secretary Mrs. WIHats paid a visit to
Mizpah Chapter at Brentwood, en which
occasion three candidates were initiated
and several petitions presented. During
the evening William Jereslaw, the patron.
Mission Chapter at its meeting on the
pecond Saturday In September had an at
tendance of nearly 250 people to witne?3
the Initiation of six candidates for East
ern Star honors. During the evening
seven new applications were presented.
After the work of the evening there was
an adjournment to the banquet hall,
where an excellent collation was served,
and then there were short addresses. In
strumental music and singing, and all
had a most pleasant time. Mission Chap
ter, under the direction of Mrs. A. Chris
tenson, the worthy matron, and her corps
of efficient officers, has been doing ex
ceedingly well during the current term.
San Francisco Chapter will have an en
tertainment and social on the evening of
October 5.
present gTand patron, was insti
tuted on the second Friday in September
by Grand Patron L. C. Byce. There were
present Grand Associate Patron Dr. A.
H. MUlberry, Grand Secretary Mrs. K. J.
Willats and* Grand Treasurer Henrietta
Heuer. The degrees were conferred by
the following: officers of Morning Star
Chapter of Petaluma: Mrs. L. C. Byce,
matron; Peter J. Blim. patron: Mrs. M.
Phillips, associate matron; May B. Ad
ams, secretary; Mrs. Ada Grant, treas
urer; Elizabeth Goshen, conductress, and
Mrs. M. Strauss, associate conductress,
and the other officers of the chapter. It
Ftarts with a charter list of twenty, with
Mrs. Frar.kie A. Jones appointed matron
end F. H. Carroil patron.
Grand Patron Byce and Grand Matron
Mrs. Seymour on September 14 paid a
visit to Columbus Chapter, Sacramento,
where there was a very pleasant and in
structive meeting. During the evening,
'when the hospitality of the chapter was
made manifest in the banquet-room and
speeches were In order, the visitlnc offi
cials were each presented a beautiful tok
en of appreciation of their worth as offi
cers and of fraternal love.
A edition has been received for the
Institution of a new chapter In the city
of Los Angeles. When that chapter shall
have been instituted !t will give that city
eight subordinates of the order.
The next session of the Grand Chapter
of California will be held In the cltv of
Sacramento, commencing at 1 o'clock on
the afternoon of Tuesday, October 20.
On the second Friday in September
Golden Gate Chapter had a children's
party at which there was a larce at
tendance cf the members, their friends
and nearly 100 little ones. There was an
entertaining programme, the numbers be
ing furnished by adults and children, and
then there was a supper for the little
puests' of the chapter. At the head of
the table eat kind Uncle "William S. Moses
and his wife, the founders of the order
In California. While the children were
at the table the adults enjoyed concert
music and dancing in another hall.
Beulab Chapter at Its meeting on the
second Monday In September initiated
three candidates. This chapter will have
an entertainment and ball In Its hall,
South San Francisco. October 3.
ANEW chapter of the Order of the
Eastern Star to be known as San
Rafael, under dispensation, the
tenth durir.ff the term of the
Harmony Lodge at its last meeting Ini
tiated seven candidates and it has still
seven more to initiate. The work was
witnessed by a large number of members
of the order from various chapters In this
city and across the bay. After the work
of the evening- there was a social hour.
Dr. and Mrs. A. W. Atwood, patron and
matron of Olive Branch Chapter, returned
from the East last week after a visit to
Philadelphia and several of the principal
cities on the other side of the Rockies.
Ivy Chapter celebrated the twenty
seventh anniversary of its institution by a
grand ball in Golden Gate Hall on the
evening of September 15. The hall was
lavishly decorated and illuminated with
shaded llphts, producing a charming ef
fect. Nearly all of tb^ many ladies were
in full evening costume and when the
grand march was started there were
nearly two hundred couples In line. This
terminated In a waltz. During- an Inter
mission a fine collation was served in the
banquet hall. This function, one of the
most delightful given since Mrs. Samuel
C. WalHs has been matron of this so
ciable chapter, was under the supervis
ion of the following named committee of
arrangements: Mrs. Mabel Florence Gor
don, Mrs. Marie Louise Reddlck. Mrs.
Maie Watson Hendry, Mrs. Frances
Lenory Bonlfield, Mrs. Susie Favor Lock
wood, Dr. Robert Francis Tisdale and
Frank McGowan, the latter filling the po
sition of floor manager.
Mr. and Mrs. J. Goldman, the latter
the worthy matron of Starr King Chap
ter, will celebrate the silver anniversary
of their wedding: at 912 Fulton street Sep
tember 27. They will receive their friends
from 2 to 5 o'clock in the afternoon.
On the evening of September S Soto
yome Chapter, O. E. S., of Healdsburg
celebrated the nineteenth anniversary of
its institution by giving a social, which
was followed by a banquet. There were
nearly two hundred persons present,
among them the only three charter mem
bers who remain, Dr. N. B. Coffman and
Mr. and Mrs. M. Raabe. There was a
delightful musical and literary pro
gramme, contributed by Mrs. George Al
exander, Mrs. Charles Scott, Mrs. H. R
Crocker and Miss Cornelia Provines. Cap
tain C. L. Kimball during the evening de
livered an Interesting address about the
order. At the banquet each person was
presented a dainty souvenir of the occa
sion.
who is scon to remove to San Diego, ¦was
presented by the chapter with a jewel of
his rank in the order, in appreciation of
his attention to the chapter during the
time he has been connected with it as a
member and officer.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 20, 1903.
47
ON the evening of the third Wednes
day in September the Improved Or
der of Red Men In this cltv or
ganized a relief committee on the lines48
THE SAN . FKANCISCO CALL, PUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 20, 1903.
Daughters of Liberty.
CALIFORNIA COUNCIL NO. 1 of the
Daughters of Liberty, had a trolley
ride recfntly. and when the party,
which was limited to those who were sp»-»
cially invited, reached the ocean beach
there' was ttoncins in the depot nnd a
fine collation was rerved. This very pleas
ant affair was under the direction oJ
Mabel Bert. Grace Walsh, Adele Horn
leln. Mrs. Couch and Mrs. McSusan. Thl?
council is arranging for *a party to be
fiven on the evening of October 12 in
Golden Gate Hall and has "appointed the
following named as a committee to look
after the uetaila: Christine Jorgensen,
Grace Walsh. Josie Christenson, Emma
Koopman and Miss Minnie Thompson.
privilege allotted us by a gloriously
baimy climate? In the old days all feasts
were held in the open— in the patios, with
the canopy of heaven. above and a carpet
of blossoms beneath. Here, mingling with
the songs of birds, was the laughter of
merrymakers, and this was the happy ar
rangement followed at the Hacienda. The
service itself was solemnized within
doors, where a chancel of pink and white
blossoms, banked and shaded . by palms
and ferns, had been created, and it was
here the vows of eternal love were ex
thinged before an altar of rich tapestries
and dim tapers.
But with all the exquisite textures, dec
orations, gowns, jewels ¦ and treasures
that have been gathered from the world's
ends, there was that absolute absence of
ostentation — there is . no .other word for
the vulgar display of wealth — that has al
wavs marked the affairs given at the Ha
cienda. What a contrast this affair offers
to some of the functions of our New
York cousins! Well, perhaps the compar
isons ar» invidious, for we of the West
have not— and it doesn't look as though
we will-tind the necessity of doing many
So the Protet has proceeded on its way}
"What a rollicking good time- the' gallant
foreigners had while the good ship rode
at anchor in* the harbor! Do you know
that it is whispered in diplomatic circles
that a round robin has been forwarded
to the French navy by - the commander
asking permission to remain In these wat
ers to protect the French language from
unwarranted assault? This rumor may
have no foundation In fact, but should the
Prptetcome back there will be many pro
testations of joy at Its welcome return.
In conversation one of the officers
—who, by the, way, was most Intensely
interested in one of last /year's
debutantes— stated a very pretty thing. It
is perhaps what we all have heard before,
but it is nevertheless an agreeable thing
to hear agreeable comments; even though
they're not meant, and it is a safe con
jecture that he me,ant. it' when
he said that of - all the . women
• <¦.*. *
things that obtain ( in Gotham to o'er
come -ennui — notably, dinners at which
Simians grace the festal board. • • ;
. A wedding that carried with it a note
of originality was solemnized on Thurs
day,'-when , Miss ¦ Jessica M. Davis was
.wedded to . Arthur C. Nahl. The cere
mony took place at the residence of the
bride's parents, Mr. 'and Mrs; Andrew M.
Davis," 1722 Pine street, in - the ¦ presence
of thirty relatives and intimate friends.
The unique decorations, which were of
the. tricolors of Mexico— red, green and
white — attested - to the cleverness . of', the
bride, who, in compliment to" herhusband
and the home he > had made for her in
the land of the Aztecs, adopted the'Mexi
can.colors in flag and flower. Pottery, so
dear to the peon's heart, was placed in
advantageous places, the jars filled with
feathery fern and ruddy berry; the effect
of the arrangement— and the blue sky
without -gave strength to the illusion
was that of a, festivity in sunny Mexico.
The date of the wedding, too, manifested
the bride's sense of the fitness of things,
• f-"i« '>-%£*
The hop at Mare Island given jointly by
the officers of the Boston, Adams and the
Wyoming on the 12th was a delightful
affair.' About these naval functions there
is a freshness and charm that always at
tracts. Perhaps it is the atmosphere of
the sea, with its unanalyzed fascination,
that assists the gallant officers, or per
haps it's- the "Here to-day and gone to
morrow" that renders them so Irresisti
ble. ... ; . ££'£ • - - ¦ . -
McCalla the afternoon was thoroughly
enjoyed.
'. Mrs. Bacon, who is the wife of Paymas
ter Bacon, at one time dispensed muchi
hospitality, on the island, .but since the
retirement to prvlate ' life of her; hus
band and family has lived at Monteclto.
The tea that Mrs. Bowman H. McCalla
gave on Friday. at, Mare Island in honor
of her guest, Mrs. Bacon," .was an eminent
success. Many town people went over and
as usual with the affairs given by Mrs.
* ? . •
The Spinners' Club, 'composed of young
women 'of. the smart set who "do things,
met at'the home' of Mrs.' W. H. Mills on
Jackson street " on Monday . afternoon.
While ' not ' courting any public comment
upon their progressiveness, it is neverthe
less a fact worthy, of note' that no girl is
eligible unless'she' is" doing something in
the world of art, letters or "music. Thus
is the coWle limited " to * twenty-five,
composed of girls who soek mental pabu
lum, beyond that found tit teas and hops
and balls. This gathering Vof a few
kindred spirits , bound together by
.ties . of .; Intellectual... magnetism . .is
what- grave rise to the ;; salons of
Paris In the long ago. -"What -a glorious
thing it would be for San Francisco,
which is rapidly taking its place as a
city of culture, to have such centers of
intellectual and social life as gave Paris
its j mystical j charm in the . days . of • the
empire. Who knows but. the .clever girls
of the Spinners* Club may outgrow their
present limitations and on ..' becoming
matrons may establish a nucleus for this
form of social' life? ' ' ¦ . .'-'¦'•
• I *. ,-? '
¦whom he - • had met, 'the -women ; of.
California • were the queens .of , thp. earth.
And. in,, this he did- not 'except his own
countrywomen. "It is their -style, their
verve, .their naturalness, and' they are so
healthy and buoyant:" • This' delineation
fits the fair young "debutante admirably,
and, perhaps— well, perhaps, he- may' come
back, even' if the Prbtet* doesn't.'
M ¦ ISSION PARLOR. N. S. G. W.. on
1 V\ the first Wert nesday In September,
gave an installation party, the
first of the kind that it has given in many
years. It was a most enjoyable affair
and was attended by a large number of
ladies. The programme was. an excellent
one and included the following numbers.
given under the direction of C. W. Mafk,
the president of the parlor: Vocal duet,
Mrs. C. W. Mark and Mrs. Frank Cox;
reading. Miss H. Corlett; alto solo. Mrs.
Mark Cox; address by District Deputy
Grand President William John3oh; vocal
solo, Mrs. C. W. Mark: select reading.
'iltss Corlett, and comic selections. R.
Mitchell.
Golden Gate Parlor had a family picnic
on Admission day at El Campo. There
•were about £>0 on the ground and the re
union was a pleasant one. There waa
plenty of music, a long programme of
dances, lunching under the trees and
games for the children.
Native Sons.
SOCIETY GIRL WHO RECENTLY .GAVE A NOTABLE DINNER, AN
OTHER SOCIAL FAVORITE -WHO WRITES j CLEVERLY AND 5 A
YOUNG MATRON WHOSE DEVOTION TO HER HOME IS MARKED.
Knights and Ladies.
THERE was a largo number of th«
members of the various lodges of tha
Knights and Ladies of Honor in the
Pythian Castle on . the third Tuesday in
September to witness the initiation of a
class of strangers by the grand officers of
the order. Twenty-two were secured,
but in a few cases the medical certificates
were not returned from the horn© offlc*
in the East, so their Initiation will take
place in the lodgeroom in . which they
placed application. The initiation waa
conducted by Grand Protector Wolfe, as
sisted by other grand officers, after which
there were addresses for the good of tha
order by S. Simon. Past Grand Protector
Z. T. Whltton, Grand Secretary. Quitzow
and the grand protector. It was decided
to start a campaign for another class
initiation 'to take place ¦ in ninety days-
After the ceremonies there was an ad
journment to another lodgeroorn, where
refreshments were served.
Mr. and Mrs. Henry E. Dutton have
Mr. and Mrs. George S. Carr will enter
tain Mr. and Mrs. I. T. Hagner over Sat
urday and Sunday, and on Sunday.even
ing will give an informal dinner, at which
Captain Fox of the Adams will also be a
guest. Mr. Hagner is. paymaster of the
Adams.
* . * . *
On Wednesday evening Mrs. Carter Pit
ken Pomeroy entertained informally in
honor of .her*, daughter, : Miss Christine,
who is to be one of the galaxy of buds to
be introduced" this winter. . Dominoes oc
cupied the attention of the guests and
proved a pleasant- departure from . pre
.historic and perennial cards. • Miss Pome
roy Is a charming girl of much poise of
manner and bids fair to rank well among
the bevy of girls who -are to be brought
out when the winter festivities begin.
The dinner . that Miss Maye Colburn
gave last Sunday n^ght, complimentary to
Mr. and Mrs. George Boardman, while
comparatively informal, was distinctive In
its arrangement and decoration. Some
how Miss Colburn possesses the faculty
of Infusing Into her functions a spirit that
makes things go.. Perhaps it is her tem
perament—perhaps It is her tact; but
whatever the source, she is a charming
hostess. Though amid seasons she' is go
ing about considerably and was a favored
guest at the Tuesday evening hop at the
Presidio, when Major William. Stevenson
: of -the Medical Corps entertained her and
a party including Mr. and'' Mrs. Henry
Dutton, Miss Mabel Toy and Captain
Frederick Johnson at dinner. ' y v;
Since her marriage over a year ago Mrs.
Bruguiere has gone out but little, devot
ing'most of her time to the management
of her charming home.- 1 Here are- gath
ered many treasures of art In the turnish-
Ings, as. Mr. Bruguiere , is. a well known
connoisseur of things beautiful. For a
week past a young son has ¦ been enter
tained at their fireside and the cares. of
maternity will further engross the atten
tion of the handsome young mother.
One of the most beautiful "young ma
trons in San Francisco Is Mrs. Pedar
Bruguiere, ¦ formerly Miss Marion An
drews. Possessed, of a Junoesque figure
and a. style, that reflects her personality,
she is indeed one of the most attractive
women to be met within this city of stun
ning women. . ¦
*. • * i •
as she fixed the date of her nuptials upon
the anniversary of Mexico's birth. The
young' couple left for a short wedding
trip after the • nuptial breakfast ' was
served and will latterly go to j Mexico,
where Mr. Nahl Is extensively interested.
/ That Mrs. Nahl, who possesses a fond
ness for art and literary work, will find
a mine of material . in the historic old
land, there is no doubt.
taken the Klmball residence tor the vin
ter.
The wedding of Miss Anne Apperson.
niece of Mrs. Phoebe Hearst, and Dr. Jo-
pli Marshal Kllnt, that took place on
¦Wednesday at the Hacienda, has been ex
tensively commented upon as the consum
ption of elegance without the sin of
i.stfntation. No Founding cymbals nor
;inJilinR i brass presaged the aflfafr, one of
the most exquisitely arranged weddings
ihiit has taken place for many years.
For purposes of entertaining 1 the Haci
«-ti<!a is perhaps without a peer in Cali
lornia — that is, for entertaining in old
'^•"foriua Bijic, and why depart from a
• • •
Time w&6 when a maiden was agreeably
received by society when she was nega,
tlvcly eligible — not poor, not unhandsome,
not underbred. But to-day the girl who
shines must be a positive quantity; she
must be. first of all, unhampered by a
puny purse. That goes without saying.
r«.r the luxuries of dress and housing and
entertaining have, wjth our present stand
ards, become necessities. But she must
possess positive personal qualities; she
must first and above all things be a wom
anly woman — one who can lend a sympa
thetic car to a tale of woe and at the same
time enter joyously into the fraternity of
pood fellowship, this term used in it's
true sense of untrammcled and untraves
tl«-d friendship. Then, too, she must be
tactful, tender and clever. And it is the
appreciation of the clever maid that has
brought about the renunciation of the old
order of things where girls— the girls of
•••ur grandmothers' days— weren't supposed
10 possess opinions. But to-day— well,
hhe possesses opinions, and, what is more,
t-he expresses them. And it is just this
expression, unrestrained by false and silly
blue laws, that has developed in the suc
cessful society girl of to-day a charming
confrere, a sympathetic friend, a wise
counselor; and when she marries— and this
is contrary to many oft expressed but
wroncly conceived opinions — she performs
the functions of wife, friend and mother
with ho:ior to herself and happiness to
:.<>r husband and children. It is of this
type of society girl whose engagement
was announced on Wednesday — Miss Ber-
Die Drown.
Purely intellectual work has been taken
up by many of the girls of the smart
i?ct and especial pride is manifested in
the work of one of that coterie of clever
minds— Miss Ednah Robinson— who con
:ributed a well written and altogether
clever sketch to this month's Sunset.
Durlr.gr fhe transition period the maids
nnd matrons are resting ravenously.
Need it? Assuredly they do, for a tre
mendous season is ahead, and the de
mands upon their mental and physical
equipment will be enormous. Therefore
the hybernatlng of the present weeks.
"Hybernating" is perhaps not quite the
word in this, case, however, for it im
nlies a complete cessation of activities,
Mild such is not the state of things, for
our maidens are busy— diligently busy— In
-.(¦•furnishing their minds and hearts with
new matter, culled from books, and, bet
ter still, from intercourse with people
whom they know not except under the
generic name of the poor. Here it is that
t!:e maids and matrons expand mentally
~nd spiritually, and here is the vineyard
wherein \ they labor with a ¦will. It Is a
fact noted by travelers and sociologists
that in no other city in the United States
Co they of the social set bo concern them
selves with the ailairs of the unfortunate
;>.s do the women cf San Francisco. At
this early date many important affairs are
planned for the relief or benefit of some
charitable body, and while furnishing: en
tertainment for. the social set they are
weeding the byways of sorrow and im
planting a happiness that comes only
through welldoing. • «
turity of winter, leaving in its
wake the perfumes of many memories.
And truth to tell, more tangible things
than mere vaporous memories remain of
those Andulusian days, for behold the
numerous pledgtngs and pllghtings of
love.
THE summer, ¦with its allurements
of meadow and mountain, of val
ley and forest, and the calling- of
the sea. is slipping Into the ma-
SOCIETY