*- . NAPLES; Oct. :. 3.— The United States
gonbeat Machias. " having on board ; Coin
sul Skinner, who. is to- visit Emperor Men
eHk.-saQed to-day.^ The Maehias.,wtll"£n>f
ceed 'to" Port Said and Jibuti. - Freneb So
nialiIand.'Tbence Skinner win "proceed to
Harrara, . where' he will be met by repre^
sen ti tivea 'at i the * Emperor.^ -| [
, Skinner^ took"-. with x hhn _'on . board ;.tbe'
Macbias a r eonsiderabte J number- : of ' pres
ents for Emperor ' MeneJIk. especially dif
fereat * kinds .• of fffrearms. a ' eompJete : set
of •'agricultural ¦ implements \ of tbe . latest
model and ' tbe Invitation to artend tbe
fit.': Louis "exposition,- wnfcb is : - engraTed
oa a sUver tablet. ¦
GOES WITH PRESENTS
FOR ESCPEROR 3EENELTK
J?EVT YORK, Oct. S.— Judge , Lacombe
in tbe United States Circuit Court to-day
Ustened to arguments to the habeas cor
pus proceedings on behalf of John Turner.
tbe English anarchist. ¦'. whose deportation
Fit^ ' be«n ordered by ther Government.
Defendant's cocnsel mace a splendid plea
toe Turner. aHesing that anarchy was not
a crime, bat a religion, and that the de
portation of bis client was prohibited by
article one of the bCI of rights. .;. -
. Tbe attorney, for the Government made
but little : attempt to answer . this argu
ment, but ' requested permission to submit
a brief, to, which Judge Locombe assent
ed. He named Friday as the day. of: the
ftiiag ' of . the ' paper.'. Meantime : Turner ts
remanded without. bail. -
ASJLRCEY A BTXTGIOy,
SAYS TURNER'S COXTS'SEL
TOPEKA. Kacs.. Oct. S.— At Z-JCr o'clock
this morning General Manager Mudge of
the Santa.. Fe said that .Mrs. Booth-
Tucker was among those seriously Injured
in the Saata Fe wreck at Marceline.
"From the iaformatfaa we have at this
hour." said Mudge. ~I think It improb
able that Mrs. Bootb-Tueker is dead. I
have Just bad our cnl*f operator Investi
gate and can obtain nothing more t+.*iy
that lira. Booth-Tucker was among the"
tajured. I believe I may say she Is fatally
hurt. Our report from there says Mrs.
Booth-Tnefcer was more seriously injured
than any other person ta* the. wreck.**
Manager Mudge says seventeen persons
were hurt, only four seriously.
A special train left here at I o'clock this
raoming for the scene of the wreck in
charge of J-" D. M. Hamilton, fta r-pj agent
of tbe read. Dr. J. P. Kaster, chief sur
geoa. Is oo the train with a r force cf
physicians and nurse3.
AB the injured are at Marceline. where
they wGI be kept until to-morrow.
Gea.eral "Manager Sludge EeceiTes
SATS Sfr' r v K-iMT KK.^i A"RK HTJET.
News cf tte Disaster.
St.- Paul Road to
Begin. Work on
'Extension.
WILL BUILD
RAILWAY TO
THIS COAST
OHEGOK STATESMEN WHO
"KTLL .AID IX LANI> FRAUD
INTeSTIG ATION.
Viceroy Alexiefi In=
spires Remarkable
Statement
yi-f^t-rr MAjaaiAGE OF
Since 1«: April She Has Been the
Wife cf Kf!=rnd Kittred§r«
StaHtx.
NETV TORS, Oct. 3.— The announce
ment 's made th'.* momrng- »>-^t Mrs.
May Harrington Ha.nna. tbe divorced
wife of Senator Hanaa's sen. D. B. Han
ra. became the wife cf Edmund KIttredge
Stallo oa Apra 27 last. The ceremcay
was peifuicted by Rev. Henry BoCings
in St. James Episcopal Church, Fifty
seventh stre*t and Madison avenue.
Sin. Harra In 1301 f»r- f cromiaeatly
befcre the public ta nT»«-»~ —^rf her
former hcm«. and la 3f ew York, when she
raa away with her three children, elud
ing her former hx^b^ni and Ffakertan
detectives." Hanna had obtained aa ta-
Jurcttsa oa July 12. aci. ia tbe Sxpmae
Cccrt of Ohio, to prevent bis wife r»v»tr
tbe chUirvz cut cf the Jurlsdlctioa of
that ccurt- Urs. Hasna. however, learned
cf the issuance of the iajaactfaa ?n«f got
csX cf th* State befar* it cosld be served.
Captain Mercer is accused in the amend
ed reply of having failed to esnptoy com
petent sealers aad exceeding bis authority
in making contracts, such' as tbe one un
der dispute, which resulted ia 1 stripping
th« land of timber. Tb« octgfaal suit, ta
Tbe Commissioner of the General Land
Office to-<!ay directed the withdrawal
frcm entry of 22.WO acres cf public land ia
the Seattle land district, to be included ia
the Olympic forest reserve. ¦ v
AEJCY OFFICES ACCUSED.
Captain Mercer InToIred in Alleged
"Lazd Frauds in Minnescta,
FERGUS FALLS. "Mina.. Oct. a.— A
sensation is promised in the big suit
started en January S last by the United
States against tbe- Commonwealth Lum
ber Company, cf which Lieutenant Gov
ernor Jones is president, by the filing of
an amended reply to an answer of the
company, in which it . is • stated in un
equivocal terms that Captain Mercer of
the Seventh , Cavalry, who was at one
time iTvTtari agent at Leech Lake agency.
and Daniel Sullivan.: the acting superta
lntendent of legs and logging, were ta
league wtth_ the company and aided and
abetted in cutting green timber and neg
lected their duty to the . Government. -
srn in dealing- with the roads named,
rhat arrangement gave it a througb ser
rlce. both passenger and freight, to.Call
rornla and Xortb Pacific Coast points. ¦
That arranseaient, however favorable
is it was believed to be at the time, has
zot coaxe up- to the fuR . expectations cf
:te Milwaukee and St. PauL
¦ m ¦
Federal Jndgesiip for Hunt.
WASHUfGTOX, " Oct. S-— It is underr
stood to be the intention of tbe President
to appoint Governor Wniiaia Hunt 'of
Porto Rico United States District -Judge
cf Montana, to succeed Judge - Hiram
Knawles. -who expects to retire some time
during- the approaching- winter or early
next" spring. Judge Knowles was ap
pointed to the Federal bench in ISM. He
has announced that he -will avail himself
of bw privileg-e under the law ta \ retire.
Governor Hunt formerly occupied a place
on the Supreme Court bench of Montana.
whicb this amended answer iS'-a part of
tbe pleadings, is for SH5JS!, and tbe'erfe
fcnal - complaint allegres that ' Felix : Bisson
and ethers cut, timber "from ; sections : of
Government land ".and 'turned "it | over, -to
tbe Comiaoawealtb Company" for use in
[ts mill at Frazee.
apoBs and 1* credited with ha via? made
tbe statement tnat construction work on
the proposed - extensfoe cf that road to
the Pacific Coast win be commenced with
in two years. Once begun, it Is asserted,
the work wd be hurried until eaarnteted-
It is now very well 'known' that it was
with" a view cf providing means for the
execution of this work • that an increase
of SZJXGjm ha the" capital stock of tbe
ccnipany was authorized a If ttle more
than a year ago. The Issue of that addi
tional capital stock has not yet .taken
place, l but- It is now said that, it wm
cccur shortly and the proceeds win b«
applied to the purpose ta vleir when ! it
was originally authorized.
* Tbe delay in its issuance was due to a
traCc arrangement tbe road was able to
maie with the Union Pacific^ and the
Southern Pacific, which placed it upon aa
equality with the Chicago and Xcrthwest-
EjecUl DtspatA'to Tk» Can.
MiyN'EAFOIJS, Oct. 25. — Raswell
littler, chairman cf the board of directors
of tbe Chicago. Milwaukee and St. Paui
Rallrcad Ccaipany; Is at present ta 3Iinae-
The Secretary talked with* the Senators 1
as to the advisability of amendins tbe I
timber and stone act and the homestead
law so as to prevent frauds such as
these -which were belaj; perpetrated, aad
they assured him of their willingness to
co all possible to- that end. Tbe Senators
agreed with the Secretary that there bad
been same fraudulent practices" ia the ad
a^alatraticn cf the ¦ land ' laws, but con
tended that there was no cscre fraud ia
Oregon than in other States. , They re
ferred to the entry cf land te Ueo of pat
ented land within forest reserves and
said that. vbUe there, undoubtedly hni
beea some sharp practice in.' that ccaaec
ticn, the fault was largely, due to the
law. Senator Hi:cbeil also pointed out
that a stricter inspection of the area to
be incicsed in intended forest reservations
would do ranch to prevent' the frauds
complained of.
him. th« man being- a farmer and a for
mer member cf the Legislature. Tbey
said that while they would suspend Judg
ment pending his trial they would do
nothing to ihield his.
WASHI2CGTOX, Oct. Si-
Secretary of the Interior
Kitchccck admitted to-dzj
that the tnvestisatica into
_ land frauds In ' the States
cf tie . Padac Ccast ha.i
resulted ia iatplicatiny a number ef effl
cials" cf tie Goveraatsat. He declteed to
nakt any statement as ta whether Unit
ed States Senators were Itrvdved. 3i£ca~
exsck sald'tiit the suiity persons wtrsld b«
preaeegted refestlessly. His report, em
bracing the entire results cf the InvesQ
gsiica. w2l be presented to the Depart
ment cf Justice before tbe end cf the
week. Arrests and preaecutiens may fol
low seen thereafter.
"The report will not at present be cad*
public," he saH. "as that wculd defeat
the ends cf -^stlce.**
He also refused to discuss the contents
cf the document, but cennrmtd the gen
erally current rurncr that there have
been extensive efforts xjs- defraud the
public. However, he said that, bad as the
ccndltica was. it had been eiagjerated.
"It Is absurd,'* he said, "to *ay that the
frauds amount, to Cj^KCCOJ or nWQO.CQO
or anything Hie that sum. A rr.'.w--.-.
acres wculd b« a large estiaiate cf fraud
ulently entered lands, and tt« Govern
ment price for Lind ranges from H S to
C SC per acre.™
Senators Mitchell and Fulton of Oregon
had a conference with the Secretary to
day relative to ths Land frauds and as
i'-red him cf their* hearty co-cperatica ta
all efforts toward the discovery and pun
ishment cf irregularities- They said they
had united in recommending- Receiver
Thompson cf the La Grande office, who
has beea indicted fcr bribery, and had
done so because of their confidence ta
SfedaJ Disrates to Tie CaH.
Department of Justice
Will Order Ar
rests.
¦&te* •wrtc^scire ef jthea serictrsiy. .The
list "cf^taiuretl. so far as known, is as-fol-
Iflws: Mrs. ' WiJtaefci - Baden. Jfajc GcLi
anuthv Coloaei KcIIasd j of the Salvation
Array. Elmer Harris cf Chicago, Joan R.
Scceratfirhoro of Denver.
Colonel Holland of the Salvatica Array
is said to be in a critical condition.
Mrs. Ft"*^ Mass Booth-Tucker was
tne daughter of General "WTEiam Boatn.
founder and ccrumander fa chief cf the
Salvation. Army. She was born at Gates
head, Ensland. on January S. ISjOl While
tn her teens she was in charge- cf the in
teraaticaal training homes of the Salva
tion Army. She was marrlsti in- 155S to
Frederick D. I* Tucker, who asstaaed
bis wife's name, callisx himelf Booth-
Tucker. She held the rank of consul in
the Salvation Army and had Joint and
e<;ual authority wttis her husband in the
direction cf the army tn the United
States.
Several other passengers were Injured ia
Csataiaader Hooch-Tucker, it .. ta said.
was "dying when the reH«f train left Dean
Lake, and his wtfe. ''it. Is asserted, died
TraTf tn hour after the wreck- T6.ey were
the ociy perscna ta one car.
The I ¦orreck ceccrreii at the his ste^
water tank and the ' train- strock the
structure with such force as to move it
nve feet from its foundation and throw
five i cars froai the track. '
SIARCEUENE. ilo-.. Oct. 2J, - a. ex.—
Commander Bootfc-Tucier is reported
fatally Injured and . bl3 wtfe, Mrs. Booth-
Tucker, is said to • have been killed ia
the wreck ef the . Saaxa. . Fe srwciaf pas
senger train last night at Dean Lake.
between Bcswortb and this city. A re
lief train was sent oat froni here to tna
scene of. the wreck. -but has not yet
reached that r-oiat.
2LABCZLOTE, JIo.. Oct. 29.— Mrs.
Bcoth-Tucker died at 2 :50 o^dock
t>tf«< morning^ just as the train bsar
ing her and. the- otber woTtacied pulled
into the station here.
Colonel Holland is also reported
Srectal Dls^atcli t» Tbe CiU.
ADVOCATES
SECESSION
OF CANADA
*
S> «^ T. PETEESBURG. Oct. 3.— A
({, dispatch f rosi Pert AnhTrr
" saya the Nouvy Kirai. a ne-ars
j Of; paper edited by a taem&er ef
i •Mb*— S~ Viceroy Al*xieITs staff, after
1 * reltzratifig the assertion that.
[ "tbe Russian troops wS remain la j llaa
j churia until Far E*stern afliirs are set
| tied in, accordaace witit Russian views,"
| proceeds ' to outspokenly lecture the Ja>
; ajiese. oecessarily wl:a the approvii cf
' the Russian censorship.
; "Xow." says the Xouvy KiraJ. .*Ts pre
; cisely tiie proper moment for Russia to
, establish a- political o;uillhrfusj in the
1 East. The Japanese have failed in Fcr
i nsosa. because they do nat f understand
I how to ctilonize. The c£Tarts of the Jap
anese to obtain settlements in Korea.
¦ bavins; their awn jurisdiction, would lead
to the subjectloa of the Koreans and iai- 1
: pair the sovereignty cf Kuraa. Japan has
: not attained the states cf a European
state and cannot be entiusted witb ~tbe
: rights of the European pioneers cf civQ
xatica. Oa the cootfcant ail that caa.be
j tolerated is the iniailgratiaa cf Japanese
' Into- Korea under guard."
LONDON, Oct. 3.— Tt« uncertainty of
: tbe situation ia the Far East, acoexdins
¦ to the Chefn correspond^ct cf the Moru
: teg Pest, Is seriously affecting: commerce.
Trade between Chef u and Manchuria 13
I suspended. The _ correspondent says :
"I bear from a trust worthy source; that
I Japan will not gala, aa inch of .territory
1 ia Kcrea thrccgh raising the Yoegarrtpio'
; <ruestisKi. as the Russians are firmly set
tled there. It is possible that Japanese
occupation of ilasanpho. Korea, wd cut
off couiaiunlcation- between Vladlvosto-k
and Port Arthur. "Scate troops freia the
trans-Baikal territory have beea ordered
to tbe Llao-Tung peninsula and have
been styled the Army of East Siberia.-.' A
Japanese paper says the Russian Consul
at Hasa npfco is creatin? a consulate at
Fusan, Korea, which is regarded .u : t
Japanese stroagholdl*.
FOB LATE JTTBGE ESTEE
Body cf Jurist Taken Aboard the
Steaiaer Alasaeda to Be Braogat -
to.S&n Francisco. .
HONOLULU. Oct. 28.— Funeral services
ever the "remains cf the late Judge 11. If.
Estee were held this forenoon aad _were
most Impressfve. The church: ceremoaies
were conducted accordiss to the rites cf
the Itasoafe order aad were atteaded by
a great asmber cf people, representative
of aS "classea cf the " island ' comicualty.
The procession which escorted the re
zaaias' to . tbe waarf. -where the steamer
Alaaieda tay.waldag to receive tbecx. was
composed of the Xatl»oal Guard of tbe
Territory, pubtic cffictal*. members of tbe
Maso rvic ] lodges aad the ; genera! " p ui tic
Soba after coca '-. the Alacseda sailed : for
Saa Francisco." '-
' — ¦ i ¦ ¦
TLTFTK R HEB POSETIOS BY
StABBYETG A vDYTSTG MAS
But ". the : Sew York Board cf Edoca.
..¦ tion.. Suspends .:Its BoHs^.ra.
Mrs. BnbrcruiTs Cas^j.
, XEW -;-TOBK«;:.6ct.v3L— A raoaatlc' fa
ddeat wai closed. to-<iay by theactloa of
tbe^, Board *'cf f Edueatfoay'alkrsrtBg ' IIL33
Eleanor {Ward ; to- 'bare -her.' name ,'ca;tbe
records Vof "¦ the " department ¦; changed ; to
Mrs. Eleanor DdbrsufX ami bersetf to re
main on the teaching staff cf tie" schools.'
Mrs.'- Ehibracil contracted ' a death-bed
jaaxrlage; oa Jane . ' 23 : tast. tbtis ; making
berself Uab£e . to dismissal. '- Her husband
dted:on^tbe*day,cf her" marriage. ' : MrsC
Dobrontl did tiot report th<* atarriage 2>
tfi; September"' 13L' ¦ *•: ' -
HALIFAX. X. S.. Oct. 5!.— The deciara
tioa that present rela^aas betwees Can
ada aad Great Britala caaaot ezls: laach
leaser was mad* to-day by the TTaT»*a-r-
Chronicle, the leading newspaper support
er ta'. the - TTia rirt^ie provtaees cf the Lib
eral party- Ia aa traaraaHy ectspekea
edltorfa! ca the Alaskaa bocadary award
tie Chroafcle expresses what it claims
to--b« the cnanlszocs dissatisfaction of
Caaadians at the action cf the Eriti»i
Goveraaieat. The paper says:
"This Alaska epfsode baa made It clear
that car existing relations to the ezaatre
cannot be coatiaaed macb longer. We
are eves cow at tie parting cf the ways.
Our subordinate position has been so
clearly aad so UnrnfTtatlirgiy revealed that
It most speedEy become jenbearaale."
The Chronicle adds that there are now
only two courses opes for Canada—coza
plete legislative independence wlthla the
empire, ackaowledgtaa; tie soverelgaty cf
the Kiag cf England alcae. or the statas
of aa independent nartnn.
The paper says there is aiaeh. to ccs
mead' the latter step* ta parrkmTar, be
caase it would frs-e Canada, frcn the daa
per of fceter. erer eatbroSed * with, the
United States oa acconn: of Us Euro
pean connection, aad at ' the same time
¦would secure for the Dmnftifon tie beae
fit cf the protectioB of the Monroe doc
trine." - . •
*Tr»TTm XA2TSAS STJSPZCT
MAY BE, CO3TVICT HARDES
Straager Arrested at Chetapa Is Se-
Ilered to Be Ose of Folsaxa.
. Cbzispxz&tars.
_ CHETOPA. Kavjs.. Oct., S.— A T~«Tt ar
rested to-dayl fa sxrppcsed to. be Fr^rrft^ t
aa escaped comrict froax the California
State /prisca.;' Hardia resisted arrest aad
refoses , to talk. He \ was heaVOy arsted
aad bad six eatd aad three sCtct watches,
besides f nracb" .ctcerjleTrelry. E« is' of
j^ht -. coiaptejEton, \ bet ¦ mesh. : taaaed. - ;
The fighting berwtea . trocps aad strii
tnTO started by a ricter ahooffrrg frocs
a wtadov waSe aa tafaatry regtsest was
jat^^rrg- The soldiers therstrpoa charged
the crowd. A captaia was irtnny th*
wosadedL
Ia yesterday's rioting a wgau was
kSed aad a'sccre cf p<cp:* vere w\M2iimlm
AH wcrk ta BShaa is at a 5tani3-.ii: and
the Government has prevented te!«phenie
ecia=E=nJcat"oa with the city. Ia t"x»
Oiassber to-day PreatJer VUIaverze ccn
irated the repcrt that Cs BSiaa traops
had carried the barric*2es at- the p<rfat
of the bayonet aad that tha rioters haA
defended them aercely wltH stones aa«l
fireanas- He appealed to the Hotsse to
pestpose discsssfca c£ ths satzer.
Premier vnavsrie reatj a new dispatch
Crcsa Bilbao annouaclag that many had
been wotcsded ta the cavalry charges oa
the barricades. The rioters were pr*-
Tested Crcax artackfag the resldeaces .'.
tie Jesxats.
Ia replying ta aa inter p* nation ta ti»
Senate. Stmlster cf the Interior Garcia
Allae refesed to iliciss the demands cf
tie strikers aad declared that the sirsa
tioa demanded rigsrocs xasasta-es.
A Ministerial cocncfl held to-night dls
ccssed the events fa Rtrbaa »"d tssed
various measnres ta restore rraiKpiiliay.
The bope Is expressed that tis Captala
Geaexal cf the provtace w2Z-£i aMe to
reeccdle the ccnfilcttsr taterestst of th*
workmea and thetr employers.
BIL3AO. Oct. S.— As a rearcls ei ti»
strike sttnatioa the foreiga Cocsds iav«
cTearaaded from the lailitary anticrirles
protection for the ships of their natjanal
ttles new ta port.
tertained that the rioters win cnlte la
force "asd attack the trocps before re
inforcements arrive. Tie strength of tha
tcLiiers ts being weakened b7 ccaataac
ajxress aad the necessity of detoHirss
patrols tx> gsard factories and convent;.
against «iici the fury c£ tie moo —^-«
to be eonally divided.
WOBX AT STASUSTTLL.
According to the latest accounts re
ceived here the rioters havg ayaii started
to ptHaire sicps «rd are eadeaxorlas; »
raise err barricades. Some fears are en-
Newspaper reports cf tie disorder ta
BUhaa represent the strikers as havins
estahlLshed & reiga g€ terror. "Hiis corn
ing they attacked and* pdagtd trarkas
s?ar*3 «ad shops and gorged tiemseives
with food *B4& drinSc After destroyta^
what tier '¦'ere enable ta consume they
prcceetled to erect barricades* ia tha
streets. As tiere were only SCOT troop*
ta RTTTrai?' reinforcements wera crg»stly
ssnsnxoned. The infantry charged a. cuss
ber o£ the barricades; tie strikers de
fended theas with, reckless courags and
desperate £ghttr;g ezszeii. Five rioters
were klUed and many woended. It is
rcasored- that mary soldiers wer»
wotmded by revotver shots. As the barri
cades were captured they were destroyed
aad the rtotsrs wera eip«2«d fraas ta*
r-*?r\ streets by the cavalry, who charged
with drawn saoers.
It is believed that tie movement ts a-.j
arocsd BCoao is assuming the propor
tions cf a social revoluticn. pLiaaed by
socialists azL aaarcalsts. as was dcae :-
Barceloaa. twt> years ago. Premier VUla-
has determined ta estaalfrtft order
at any cost.
SOCTAT. KZVOI.imO3.
The Garerscr has received enzaersns
cZiTs at assix^ace firca !ocal orsaaixa
ticaa sad Isadias; ci^2ea%. sad cvea the
SedzIIst lea&rs are eiTsrtas ta id-. _*e th«
rioters to refrsia Crsrs vlo^ace.
The gorernm«s.t has replied ta Genera!
TefcLsco, approving h±s esergy an i cfTer
ias reinforceawats. Sereral tho T :<a*rd
cea are held fa ild ir.i az i other cavas.
UADBID. Oct. S3L — General VeUaco.
the v.r.itTtrr commandant a: Bilbao. tele»
graphs th« government that at daytreai
this tsotzLzs ths garriscn ccciried all
strategic pcslticns wltix i viev eZ pr;
tecOnz cha >«*>«. puJ:Uc bnHdings. fac
tories and Bavrksts and. »jp*rtAi:r ti*
Jesuit and ctier reli2t?C3 hotaes, wtizz
•Jzt rioters deurstsed co &£tac2c
General Velasco repeats tiat ths caLnlry
repeatetSy charged tie rtstsrs m t>* ~: 1
part of lie dry. Soss cZ the tiotsrs
were killed and saerr v z u- i e-1 Rerotrers
aao atones &zd ether zzissilta. G«=«rsl
Velasco adds, were caed by ti» rtsters
la their stru^-^la with th« soldiers. Tea
principal railways are* -;-i;r tie pro
tectica cZ the troops Trains continue to
rua. thffc^li wl^i extrtrae cantlaa. A3
cti-r trzSc ta and qggatda BHhaa hxs
bees stepped. A nsms«r cf dners canus
ta te>-cay and ;¦::.- ?i tie strlksrs.
The c^litary forcest are considered suf
ficient to check Inceadiarisa and arracks
oa property, bcr both tha sarrtica iz 1
pdice are kepe cocstaat^y ca the alert
la prevent tresh acthreaks.
Tie woman with whom I was living on
Second street Is not cry wife and never
wH! be. Hr*. McBrtde. who keeps the
Keller fcearding-henrsei, is my wife. I have
been separated frcm her for years, bat we
have nerer bees divorced."
Frank 1L HcBride, when trnestianed at
the cfilce cf District Attorney \r«--'- g
stated:
-I first learned that my hnsband had
te-a previously carried while I was at
Salt Lake: that th* woman was living
tiere and that my husband called ca ier
to visit tie ciildrea- The oext I taeard
cf ier was in Pcrtland. abent tiree years
ago. Ee ccntinned to visit his children.
ts which I made no objection. He tcld
me he was divorced frcm the first wife
msii had no cs* fsr her. If he Is married
to tie ctier weman eie can have >-1-n
I de=.*t care to ever Kve with him again
after making me a second choice. I win
follow the advise of xie District Attor
ney and if he sees fit to file a complaint
for bigamy against him I wd help to see
tiat *^sSce is dene."
•WTLUJSG TO PBOSZCCTE.
The uatelUa, had t«en arranged by ti-s
a«Scriti« ia bepe that seme asreemen:
rr,?r*:t be reached whereby McEriie wc^d
prtsV.de f:r tie secend Mrs, McBride aad
her H:t:* daughter. Befcre Mrs. Me-
Eride entered tie rocm wh?re McBride
far si* was searched fcy detectives, who
Seared tiat sis might asain atretapt ta
r==rder tie husband, who. after twelve
yestzs cf married Hfe. declares tiat te
will heneefcrth cleave culy ta tie Cat
«£&; whcai he married eight years befors
3. 31cmca Eishc? ;ctned hiai to tie sec
end- No wearer, was Cocad ty tie cf
icer*. tct ilrs. 3XcBride iad io »oc=«r
ca-^sit etsit cl ier i-ai.>a=d T?:ar. si«
screa=ed:
I .1 Z£l 7=c" a"d drew a revoiTer frora
her tress. A detective wio was stxadiss
=>ear ty cajigit her hand ta tL=i* to sav« j
SIASaiED TO ESCAPE SCHOOL.
ilrs. llcBrlde. t^ taliir* cf tie case,
eaii: -I an lefiTy rzarrted to SIcBrtde
ar-d <-ar- prove it. I was a cere child and j
niirrted wttiiut tie 5c:owledy» cf siy y*
re=.ta. ily people are frcm. Florida and j
I «.=:« frc3L on* cf tie b*st known fasa- '
Lies ia tie cc'^rtry. ily pec pie were in
Salt Liie City d-jriny the bocsa t:> rnaie
K=e mvestmenta. 'VVhiie tier© I mec
my nnsfcand- My parents wer« preparing
to return ioase iad arrans*<i for ra-e
to ffo to sciccL One day I was telling
McErii* tiat I did not like ta so to
•cioci. wz«n he stated that I had better
etay and marry fcfcn. Beins a ciild. I
consented and we were r;j*IJtf<i ti« next
<*»y. E^ice ties. I nare iad cany ieart
"I have always stocd by dT hrsbasd
rr.ro thick and thin, When he was
tentenoed to a fsur-year term for emitea-
r t; r-g po«tcn^ce ;^nds when i« was a*
eistant postmaster is Salt Lajcc I inan
iinrci to have v :^ pardoned in six mentis.
I ant a blood relative cf tie late President
HcKinley and tir=:j*ii my appeals ta him
i« issued a pardoc and my nusband was
:it«erate«i- llj iusiand is a graduate cf j
the law class cf Berkeley and Is also a !
ccirjxtent r---rrg Tr.&n He. however, !
never stayed wiii cue thing leng. enough
to make a success.
PORTLAND. Or., Oct. 3.— VTi« Frank
1L HcBriie, :z acccrda-ce with arrarg'J
ments made ty the paQcc, confronted his
Salt L*ke mrt£a in the District Attorneys
cScc this aftemacu. th« wcsai. wt) had
staitfd V-« is. the reck en Sunday.
irlzxed into rsiiea f -^ry, drew a revolver
from tie f='.is cf her dress arid for tie
s*cocd tin- attempted to kill bfiai
Speci*: r-JC*£=& ta Tie Call.
Says That She Is Married
to the Man Who Now
Disowns Her.
Factories and Convents Are
the Chief Objects of
RioteW Fnry.
Santa Fe Train Leaves the
Rails and Strikes Steel
Water Tank.
Draws Revolver and
the Officer Quickly
Disarms Her.
Her Husband Dying
as Result of His
Injuries.
Five Strikers Killed
by the Charging
Infantry.
Salt Lake Woman
Again Tries to .
mTT*
Mrs. Booth-Tucker
Is Killed in-
Missouri,
Reign of Terror
Bilbao. •
SALVATION
LEADER DIES
IN A WRECK
MOB FIGHTS
TROOPS OVER
BARRICADES
DETECTIVE
SAVES LIFE
OF M'BRIDE
POLICY OF RUSSIA
BARS JAPAN FROM
ASIATIC MAINLAND
HITCHCOCK READY
TO SUBMIT REPORT
ON LAND FRAUDS
Tcr»art =»ii avftaa fna*
cisca fc*- tiirrr^hcsri, •-*»-»»
;r±diiCiVOcic=«T S3, 19Q31
8aa Trasciseo and TleSsJtjtL.
w*«t wtafla.
«*«ci roneuitf.
CkTtf rrmt»-^TftTi1nTafr sad Ad-
CtstzkX— "TTsel* T ess, ' t ¦'. Ca iiu.**
CotaabSa — "BoWTrra e£ 7er
tauT
Pisci •r'l — "Jii Pftzstoca."
esaad— '¦¦pctlesa Tori"
Orohvsai — Tazarrd*.
Th* C3csS«a — T*aS*TElm.
Ttiull Grand, Opera.
SAN FRANCISCO, THUKSDAY. OCTOBER 29, 1903.
PRICE FIVE CENT3.
VOLUME XCIT— 35TO. 151.
The San Francisco Call.
RUSSIAN T7HO ANNOUNCES
THE CZARS POLICY COS
CERNTNG MANCHURIA.
Halifax Newspaper
Takes a Bold
Stand.Itching. Blind.- Bleeding or Protruding Pllee.
Tour druggist J will ; refund money "if --. Paxo
Ointment falls to cur* you In 6 to 14 days. SOo*
A Guaranteed Cure for Piles.
SACRAMENTO. Oct. 28. — Roberts and La
verone, 'Folsom Prison convicts who were Im
plicated In the sreat break for liberty last
July, ¦ will be arraigned in the - town ¦ of f Fol
60m next Friday on a charge of bavins; mur
dered Guard ; Cotter. Seavls, -. the . negro - con
vict,- who was captured at Auburn, will " be
arraigned on a chars* of Jail breaking andi
burglary. .
SAN DIEGO. Oct. 28.— W. F. Holt and
Fannie ¦ Holt to-day executed a deed to
lands , in the r Imperial -Valley, .which have
been platted ; f or : the^town : of, Holton, ¦ to
the Holton Improvement' Company, , mak
ing: the- stipulation that the \ town should
be forever dry.- "The selling of ; liquor, in
any guise - will , cause' the lands to '• revert
back to the Holts. -¦•iSBB&BKUSBUBBt
Deed' Lands f or ' a Townsito.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 28.— Captain Sher
ry will succeed Rear Admiral- Chadwick
as president of the War College* board.
The latter will be given command, of a
squadron.
New President of War College.
MODESTO. Oct. * 28.— Leonard Snedlgar,
the 3-year-old son of Mr. and ¦ Mrs. T. F.
Bnedigar, wag drowned this morning ' in
a . large cement-water' tank.- The child
was trying to feed some geese in the tank,
and, losing his balance, ; fell in. ; He. was
found by_ searchers some time after. " The
water;was three and a half 'fe^t, deep.'
The ranch la eleven miles j from Modesto:
Twenty years ago 'Mr. and Mrs.; Snedlgar
lost a child in a similar manner at,'an
other, ranch near the present home. .'¦¦'¦[
Child Is Accidentally Drowned.
'. YUMA,; Ariz., Oct. 28;— Senator, Eugene
S. . Ives, ':- president of the Arizona upper
house, to-day began' a libel suit for $25,000
against . John W. Darrington, , editor -of
the 'Arizona v Sentinel. •. The statements
complained of were made during the last
campaign. The Sentinel charged : Ives, as
one of the managers of the King of Ari
zona Mining Company, with securing
$85,000 from S. Morgan Smith, a Pittsburg
capitalist ; now; deceased, to de'velop their
rich I mine', and '.that not a dollar was ever
repaid Smith.-*;.-. . '
Arizona Senator Sues an Editor.
ROME, Oct. 28.— Signor GiolitU to-day
formally accepted the task given him by
King Victor Emmanuel of forming a new
Cabinet. .The indications are that this
Cabinet will, for the -first time In the
history of the new kingdom of . Italy,
bring the Radicals Into, power In the per
son of Signor Sacchimi, their leader t and
some of his followers.
Qiolitti to Form Cabinet.
ROME. Oct. 28.— The latest reports re
ceived from the Vatican in regard to
Archbishop Guldl # the Apostolic Delegate
in the Philippines, contain much more
hopeful news regarding. the prospects for
a definite settlement of the auestlon of
the friars' lands in the Philippine Isl
ands,, and also in connection with the
financial point and on the subject of the
friars leaving: the archipelago.
Archbishop Guidi Is Hopeful.
SAN RAFAEL, : Oct, • 28. Coroner F. E.
Sawyer has had his life threatened unless
he pays $50 forthwith. The warning cama
in the shape of an anonymous letter
mailed at Petaluma, The letter instructed
the Coroner to take the money to* a cer
tain spot on the California "; and ; North
western road south of San* Rafael" and
leave it there.' Sawyer was warned that
if the money was not there by a certain
time bia fate will be sealed." The • letter
has been turned over to the : authorities.
Anonymous Letter Is Sent to Him
From Petaluma Demanding the,
Payment of $50.
LIFE OF THE CORONER
.OF TVTATITN IS THREATENED
YOSEMITE VALLEY, Oct. 2S.— It looks
as if the headquarters of tha troops sta-
Ucned to guard and protect, the Yosemlte
National Park and forest reserves will
b«: moved from Wawona to some point
moi 6 centrally located than 1*3 the pres
ent camD. .To this frnd Lieutenant Fair
is now looking over propoa id sites near
the Crocker ranch, located a short dis
tance from Hazel Graaa, on the Oak Flat
route intotMe Yosemite Valley. The Sec
retary of the Interior has ordered; a re
port on a new situation.. Should the Gov
ernment decide to improve the Troga road
the headquarters undoubtedly will, .be
moved to Soda Springs, on the.Tuolumna
River, which is centrally. located and has
a nucleus of trails , leading off Into the
best* scenic points of the park and the
high '• Sierras. •
Lieutenant Fair to Examine
Proposed New Sites.
Secretary of the Interior Instructs
TROOPS IN THE YOSEMITE
MAY MOVE HEADQUARTERS
LONDON, Oct. 28.-MaJor Arthur Lee
Hamilton and the Marquis of Hamilton,
both Conservatives, have been re-elected
to Parliament without opposition for the
South of Farham district of Hampshire
and for Londonderry City, respectively,
in consequence of the former being ap
pointed a civil lord of the Admiralty and
the latter treasurer of the household.
Londonderry City and- a Hampshire
District Re-elect Major Hamilton
and Marquis of Hamilton. "
CONSERVATIVES RETURNED
WITHOUT OPPOSITION
SAN^ JOSE, Oct. 28.— The A. B. and A.
L. Stone Company of Oakland to-day filed
a suit against the trustees of the Stanford
University, Mrs. Jane L. Stanford, ,R. P.
Hurlbut" and Silas Palmer to recover the
sum of $13,444 44 alleged to be due for ma
terial furnished In the construction of the
natural science building at the university.
Some time ago a Us pendens was filed
to prevent the money due on, the building
being paid to the contractors. The ; stone
company asks Judgment against R. \ P.
Hurlbut for * $1547 63; Silas Palmer for
$9821 31, and against Jane . L. Stanford ; for
$207560. It Is stated, that there Is still
$17,000 in the handsof Mrs. Stanford due
to the contractors,' and the company, asks
that the funds be used to pay the bills.
If the : claims . are ; not paid plaintiff asks
that the -building and ground . on which
it stands be sold and the proceeds applied
to the payment. Hurlbut ; had Hhe, car r
penter work contract on the building 'for
$32,000, and after doing some of the work
transferred it to" Silas Palmer.
A. B. and ' A. L. '¦ Stone Company of
Oakland Brings Action to Recover
the Sum 1 of $13,444 44. '
TRUSTEES OF STANFORD \
TJU1VERSITY. : ARE ; SUED
. It Is believed that the poison was placed
in thaeugar, of which the baby who
alone remained well, did not partake.- A
few days before the incident three val
uable dogs - belonging to the Norgaars
died from poison.
. REDDING, Oct. 28.— A story of th© at
tempted polsonlnif of an . entire family
comes from Trinity County. Christopher
Norgaar, his wife and three children,
who live on the south fork of the Trinity
River, were the victims. As the head of
the household went out to milk the cows
Saturday morning he fell and fpr a long
time was unable to* move. When he was
able to crawl to the house he found hia
wife and three children similarly ill, hav
ing been attacked after he had left. An
infant alone remained well. The stricken
ones seemed partly paralyzed. Ttt9ir
tongues were especially affected and they
were not able to articulate a word. All
of them recovered. • .
Husband, Wife and Three Children
Are Stricken Down but They
All Recover.
POISPNEB ATTEMPTS
TO KILL ENTIRE FAMILY
Washington — Summerside, Snobomlsh
County, mail to Everett. . ,
Postmaster commissioned: California-
Ella B. Kinton, Rosamond.
Fourth-class postmasters appointed:
Oregon — Donald McDonald, Kellogg,
Douglas County, vice Lucy B. Elliott, re
signed; May E. Ham, Lone Rock, Gilliam
County, vice Pearl E. Robinson, resigned.
Army orders— Major Robert R. Stevens,
quartermaster, on his arrival in San
Francisco will proceed to Fort Sheridan,
111.; Captain Charles H. McKinstry, corps
of engineers, transferred from this city
to Los Angeles, Cal., relieving Major Jo
seph H. Willard, ordered to Newport.
R. I. :^:i r! - ''¦::, ¦ -
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Numerous Changes Made in the Pos
tal Service and Army Orders
Issued.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 28. — Postofflce
name changed: California— Victor, San
Bernardino County, to Victorville.
Postofflce discontinued, November 14:
For several years poaching in these wa
ters has been alleged to have been going
on. Recently the I Kestrel was commis
sioned to scour that section of the coast
and would have towed the American
steamer to Vancouver, had she caught
her. The Edythe is the second largest
halibut boat on the coast and has a car
rying capacity of 200 tons of fish. Sev
erar other small American boats have
been warned" from the same vicinity.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Oct. 23.*— The Do
minion Government cutter Kestrel last
Sunday chased an Ameri«m halibut fish
ing steamer from Chatham Sound, which
lies Just to the south of United States
territory on the Southeastern Alaskan
coast. For weeks the Kestrel had been
watching In the neighborhood for poach
ers, the channel being considered to be
in Canadian waters. On* Sunday, when
the Kestrel appeared, a fishing steamer,
supposed to be the Edythe of, Tacoraa,
hauled up her anchor and hurriedly sailed
away. The Kestrel pursued her until the
steamer bearing the stars and stripes was
certainly in American water. The gun
boat was pressed to the limit of her
speed, but she could not overtake the
American craft.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The club has for its object the beautify
ing of San Mateo and thejfloral exhibition
is given for the purpose of raising- funds
necessary to carry on the work. Exhibits
of the choicest specimens of floriculture
have been promised from the nurseries of
William H. Crocker, George A. Pope, D.
O. Mills, Miss Jennie Crocker 1 , Mrs. G. -. C.-
Ross, Mrs. M. A. Lee and H. G. Hardy.
Orchestral music will be discoursed on
Friday afternoon, while in the evening
there will be a promenade concert. Re
freshment and flower booths will 'be ar
ranged about the hall and will be presided
over by the ladles of the Civic Club.
. Electric cars will leave San Mateo for
Fifth and Market streets every hour until
midnight for the accommodation of those
who may come from San Francisco to at
tend. • 7
SAN MATEO. Oct. -28.— The "Women's
Auxiliary, Civic Club of San Mateo, has
completed all the arrangements for the
grand flower show to be held in the ath
letic club hall on next Friday afternoon
and evening. Many of the most promi
nent society ladles of this section have
the affair In hand.
Woman's Auxiliary Civic Club Com
pletes All Its. Arrangements for
Floral Exhibition.
SAN MATEO TO EXHIBIT
WEALTH OF HER GARDENS
American Fishing Vessel
Driven From Chat
ham Sound. *
CANADIAN CUTTER
CHASES STEAMER
The California Cured Fruit Association
had brought suit against the bank to
compel the payment of the money and tha
latter had asked that the liquidators be
substituted as defendants.
' SAN JOSE, Oct. 28.— The California
Cured Fruit Association will have full
use of the money on hand pending the
outcome of the suit of the members for a
dissolution of the association. W. P.
Lyon, C. W. Childs and E. T. Pettlt, the
committee appointed by the members to
liquidate the association, had served no
tice on the Garden City Bank and Trust
Company not to honor the checks of the
officers of the association. The sum of
$7743 08 has been tied up In the bank for
some time. The matter was heard before
Judge E. C. Hart of Sacramento, sitting
for Judge Rhodes, in Department 3 of
the Superior Court to-day. The court de
cided that the liquidators could not inter
vene in any matter except where it was
for the benefit of the association, and as
the officers were evidently acting. for the
benefit of the association he gave judg
ment for the latter, g
Sustains Officers of California Cured
Fruit Association Pending Hearing
of Dissolution Proceedings.
COURT DECIDES CASE .
AGAINST LIQUIDATORS
BERLIN. Oct. 28. -A special dispatch
from Wiesbaden. Prussia, says extraor
dinary precautions are being taken for
the safety of the Czar during his ap
proaching visit to Emperor William there
Unes of troops will be drawn up along
the entire route from the railroad station
to the Emperor's palace! Emperor Wil
liam will first visit the Czar at Darms
tadt, November 3, and the latter will re
turn the German Emperor's visit at Wies
baden.
Precautions for Czar's Safety.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 2S.— The following
was posted at the State Department tp
day: General Clayton, the United States
Embassador at the City of Mexico, ' has
Informed the Secretary of State that the
report of an attempt upon the life of
President Diaa is without foundation.
In view of the precise statement of the
attack on the President contained in the
newspaper dispatches published this
morning, the wholesale denial of the af
fair by Embassador- Clayton is only to be
explained to the satisfaction of the-offi
cials here by the assumption that tfie
Embassador was himself in the City of
Mexico and not at the scene of the af
fair, and that he had accepted an official
statement Issued by the Mexican authori
ties, who had their own reasons for be
littling the matter.
CITY OF MEXICO, Oct. 28.— General
Mena, the only Minister now In the capi
tal, has received a message from Presi
dent Diaz, saying that the reported attack
on his life Is absolutely untrue. He says
Toscano was drunk and took a sensa
tional way of celebrating. No one or
even the cab occupied by the President
was hit.
DIAZ SAYS NO ATTACK
WAS MADE UPON HIM
General Clayton Sends Message to
State Department Giving an
Official Denial.
The burned buildings fronted on Market
street and the lower floors were used for
stores, many of the stocks being rem
nants saved from the big flre two weeks
ago. The second story was used for
dwelling apartments and was also util;.
ized to shelter those rendered homeless
by the former fire. The flre began in the
rear of the block and spread rapidly. Tne
following is a list of the losses:
Buildings— R. J. Garman, O. J. Lawrence,
U. G. Kennlson, Trask & Carter, Conrad Knud
sen, Ninemire & Morgan,- merchandise; post
office; B. J. Garman, shoes; Shelly Brothers,
grocers; Rogers Brothers, feed; Brown & Por
ter, clothing: M. Ryan, shoes; George J. Wolff,
dry goods; Mrs. A. H. Marsh, millinery; Com
mercial Bakery, Evans Drug Company, C. K.
Lawrence, general merchandise; Karshner
Brothers, meats; Mrs. M. M. Bacon, millinery;
Kennlson & Whlttaker, dentists; L. W. Her
rlck, Jewelry; William Slegler, shoes.
One dwelling was burned, also the of
fices of C. A. Clark and E. *x. Fox, at
torneys, and D. A. Schweitzer, a physi
cian.
ABERDEEN, Wash., Oct. 2S.— The flre
which started at 1 o'clock this morning
in the Commercial block destroyed prop
erty valued at $150,000. The Insurance will
not exceed $30,000. For a time it looked
as though the entire business portion of
the town left standing after the flre of
two weeks ago would be wiped out. A
steady rain which had been falling for
some hours lessened the danger of the
fire spreading and It was confined to one
block. . .
Much Valuable Merchandise Saved
From the Big Blaze Two Weeks
Ago Is Destroyed.
RAIN PREVENTS SPREAD
OP THE ABERDEEN FIRE
Prince Galitzin, who was sent to his
present post a year ago last April, was
charged with having recommended the
transfer of the church property and sev
eral times his life has been threatened
Dispatches from Trans-Caucasia within
the last month show considerable unrest
at Tiflis on account of the transfer of the
Armenian church property to -the Russian
Government and the decree of June 25.
Demonstrations have been reported at va
rious points, in which quite a number of
lives were lost, and the Armenian church
authorities are said to have threatened
to transfer the headquarters of the Ar
menian Catholic church to another coun
try.
The outrage has produced great Indig
nation, the Governor General having be
come very popular on account of his in
terest for the welfare of the people.
On account of the excitement that pre
vailed all the theaters suspended business.
The heavy cJoak worn by the Prince un
doubtedly saved his life.
After his injuries had been dressed
Prince Galitzin attended a banquet given
by the citizens of Tiflis.
TIFLJS, Russian Trans-Caucasia. Oct.
2S.— Prince Galitzin, Governor General of
the Caucasia, had a narrow escape from
assassination to-day on the outskirts of
the town. Three natives stabbed the Gov-i
ernor General thrice. They fled, but were
subsequently shot down by Cossacks.
Prince Galitzin was driving with his
wife when the would-be assassins rushed
upon the carriage, daggers in hands. Two
seized the Governor General and attempt
ed to drag him from the vehicle, while
the third man Inflicted two ugly wounds
on the Prince's head and a third cut on
the hand.
A Cossack who was in attendance upon
the Prince threw himself upon the. assail
ants. While a hand-to-hand fight was in
progress the carriage was driven off at a
gallop. Ultimately the assailants fled,
followed by a mounted guard of Cossacks,
who had hurried to the scene.
The Cossacks chased the fugitives
through the brush, firing constantly with
their rifles. They killed one man In
stantly. The other two were shot down
and died soon afterward.
The toilet is located In the basement of
the building. It is open day and night.
While the stuff may have been there un
noticed for a longer time, it Is believed
it was placed in the basement to-day.
An explosion of dynamite occurred at
First and Jackson streets to the rear of
the Capitol Hotel early Tuesday morning,
not more than 150 feet from the depot
building. Then it was supposed that the
explosion was the work of some drunken
man. Now the matter is viewed in a dif
ferent light and a searching investigation
is being made by detectives.
' Three weeks ago a man, who gave his
name as Will Shannon, was arrested in
the Idaho saloon in the restricted dis
trict, with fourteen sticks of dynamite' in
his pockets. He claimed the stuff had
been given him by an unknown man. A
few days after he was : identified as a de
serter from the army; and was surren
dered to the authorities at Fort Lawton. 1
Two days after the arrest of Shannon
a man named Robinson, while walking
on the* Arlington dock,', came "across" two'
sticks of 'the explosive hidden between a
pile and . the \ run-beam of 'the wharf.
General Manager ' Grant of the street
railway company, when informed of the
find in the depot, said:
"I cannot Imagine why It should be
placed there. We have not had any trou
ble with any one which would be likely
to inspire such a crime." s
SEATTLE, Oct. 28.— Twelve . sticks of
dynamite done up in two packages, with
split fuses attached all ready to light,
were found concealed In the toilet of the
Interurban depot. First avenue south and
Jackson street, this* afternoon. There
was enough of the explosive to have
blown up all the . buildings within a ra
dius of two blocks and to damage proper
ty for a distance of ten blocks from the
depot.
The news of the startling discovery was
received at the police station over the
telephone, and Police Sergeant Stuart
made a personal investigation.
One package, containing six sticks, had
been carefully rolled up and placed be
hind the washstand of the toilet. The
other, containing the same amount, had
been wrapped in the same manner and
secreted from view behind the toilet
bowl. Around each of the packages in
side of the paper in which they were
rolled was a long fuse so arranged as to
connect with the sticks. The end of each
of these fuses had been split with a knife
for a distance of about an inch, exposing
the powder to view through the wrapper
and would permit of immediate ignition.
The discovery was made by a laborer
named Wilson. When his eye fell on the
package behind the washstand and the
fact that it was concealed struck him as
peculiar. He pulled it out and discovered
it was dynamite.
th© Stuff.
Searching Investigation Being Made
by Police in Hope of Arresting
Person Who Secreted
Wculd-Be Assassins Are Shot Down
by Cossacks as They Attempt
to Escape Into the
Brush.
Enough * Explosive to Wreck
Hundreds of Buildings
Is Unearthed.
Accompanied by Professor Milyoukov of
the University of Chicago, Crane spent
several weeks in Bulgaria. When \ it was
noised about that the Chicagoan, besides
his wealth, was intimate with President
Roosevelt, ex-President Cleveland and
other Influential Americans, the insur
gents proposed to capture him on J the
occasion of one of his journeys to Rila
Monastery, near the frontier, where the
country swarms with bands and the hills
are Inaccessible. .Crane, when advised of
the plot, laughed unconcernedly.
SOFIA, Oct. 28.— Saraf off 's- insurgents a
few weeks ago were considering a plan
to capture Charles R. CraW the Chicago
millionaire, andrholdhim In the hope of
inducing the United States to interfere
in the Macedonian crisis. ,'The plot was
abandoned on the urgent 'representation
of Dr. Tataricheff,". chief of the inner In
surgent council, that it would cause the
Macedonians the loss of the sympathy of
the world.
Special Dispatch to The Call
According to a circumstantial account
published this morning, two foreigners
were seen making their way toward the
Thames soon after the murder of Sa
gouni. As a foreign sloop disappeared
immediately afterward, it is believed the
murderers escaped therein.
Other witnesses testified to Sagouni's
lively protests against the collection of
funds in the United States by the rival
faction. The inauest developed little be
yond what is already known. H. Smith,
a man living in the house of the de
ceased, heard the shots and went to a
window in time to see the assassin hold
open a wooden gate with his right hand
and fire the last shot at Sagouni with me
pistol In his left hand. The revolver was
single acting and required cocking be
tween each shot, and the rapidity of the
fire suggested that the assassin was an
expert in handling the weapon.
Sagouni was always well armed. A
stiletto in a case was found attached to
the inside of the lett breast of his coat.
He also had an automatic revolver.
A member of the Armenian society who
described its object as being "to free my
land from Turkish rule." testified that he
was with Sagouni when the latter died.
Sagouni was unable to identify the mur
derer as the same man he saw on board
the boat while coming to England from
Dieppe, France, but the society believes
he is identical. Sagounl'a home was at
Baku. Trans-Caucasia.
A verdict of willful murder was ren
dered.
LONDON, Oct. 23.— The search of the
police for" the murderer of Sagatel Sa
gounl, president of the Armenian Revo
lutionary Society in London, who was
shot and killed by an unknown assassin
in the suburb of Nunhead late Monday
evening,: had been futile up to noon to
day. Several foreign revolutionary clubs
were raided during the early hours of
the morning, but with' no result.
The inquest opened to-day and it trans
pired that the police yesterday evening
were misinformed on the subject of the
pistol used by the assassin being an' au
tomatic ten-shooter. It is an ordinary
five-shot silver plated revolver, num
bered 1056. .
An Important point developed at the In
quest was that the murderer shot with
his left hand.
Three Men Rush Upon Car
riage and Stab Prince
With Daggers.
Plan Is Abandoned on the
Advice of a .Veteran
. Leader.
Rumor That Revolver Was of
Automatic Make Proves
a Mistake.
Governor General, of
Caucasia Has Nar
row Escape.
Seattle Laborer Makes
Timely Discovery in
Railway Depot.
Macedonian -Insurgents
Would Stir Wrath
of America.
Inquest Shows. Assassin
Shot With His
Left Hand.
NATIVES TRY
TO TAKE LIFE
OF GALITZIN
PLOT KIDNAPING
OF MILLIONAIRE
SAGOUNI'S SLAYER
STILL UNKNOWN
FINDS STICKS
OF DYNAMITE
IN A STATION
THE SAN FB AN CISCO CALL; THUKSpAY, OCTQBJER 29, 1903.
2
COOK BOOK> OFFER TO
CLOSE OCTOBER 30.
: The Call's ' Cook Book prem-
ium offer, will close on
30/ 1903 j and all readers of this
paper who desire a ! copy" of .this
' household treasure should not
fail \ to;. ; place their order im-
mediately. :
This^splendid premium /will-
be offered to Call subscribers at
the • exceptionally lo w rate of
fifty • cents *. per \ copy. Out \ of
; town 'orders twenty cents ad-
ditional to cover prepaymert of
transportation" charges. '
STATEMENT
CONDITION ANT> AFPATR3
OB 1 TH£
Fidelity and Casualty
COMPANY
OF NEW YORK. IN THE STATE OF NETV
York, on the 31st <lay of December, A. D.
11)02. and for the year ending; on that day, a»
made to the Insurance Commissioner of tha
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of sections €10 and 611 of the Political Cod-.
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
mist loner :
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
la cash $ 290. 000 0«
ASSETS.
Reai Estate owned by Ccmpany $ 621,180 i3
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company. . . . 3,S40i841 C«
Amount of Loans secured by piedars
of Bonds. Stocks, and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral... 2S3.000 00
Caah In Company's Office 1T.13«JS7
Cash !n Banks 65,326 04
Interest due and accrued on all
Stock* and Loans 2.9*7 51
' Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion S97.699M
1 r.ents due and accrued. ............ 1.087 44
Reserve reinsurance deposit (cash la
Company's possession)... 83,574 SS
Total Assets '. |5.264. m 77
LIABILITIES. .
Losses in process of Adjustment or
In Suspense.. ...* 2S&644 84
Losses resisted, including expenses. 623,060 14
Gross premiums on Risks running
one year or less, t ; rein-
surance SO per cent 2.037.W3 3O
Gross premiums on Risks running > -
more than on« year, $ ; .-
reinsurance. pro rata 808,708 84
Due and accrued for salaries, ----- -
rent, etc - S3. 5 63 M
Contingent fund 250.000 00
Total Liabilities S3.M4.sio 06
¦• - '. 'INCOME. . ¦¦'¦""
Net cash actually received for pre-
miums . — .... .Ji, 430.535 03
Received for Interest and dhrldenda
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans, and ¦ .
from all other sources 134.742 83
Received for rents. ................ 64 OSS M
Received from all other sources... 6&4a6i7
. Total Income I4.734.S04 00
EXPENDITURES. ~ — - -
Net amount paid for losses (includ-
ing % , losses of previous ' .-*%••
years) 11.822: 014 25
, Dividends to stockholders 62.900 00
Paid or allowed for* Commission or
Brokerage 1.17S.1M CO
Paid for salaries, fees, and other -
charges for officers, clerks, etc.- 282,827 88
Paid for State, national aad local
taxes ...i 81.43099
All other payments and expendi-
tures 840.42923
Total Expenditures 93.967. 418 VT
Losses Incurred during the year tl.S9\32a J7
QEOROE F. SEWARD. President.
ROBERT J. HILLAS. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before m« this 28th
day of January. 1903. •
W. L. KERR, Notary Public.
CHAS. J. BOSWORTH,
General Agent,
318 CALIFORNIA STREET,
. Sin Francisco. Cml.
SUMMER AND WINTER RESORTS,
i i-r^\>>4#¥ SPRINGS-
' Open th* year ruuno. ALJL tAats > '*'
RHEUMATISM, GOUT AND BLOOD DIS-
EASES TAKEN UNDER A GUARANTEE TO
CURE IN FROM TWO TO THREE MONTHS'
TIME OR ALL EXPENSES. INCLUDrNU
RAILROAD FARES BOTH WAYS. RE-
FUNDED. Kidney troubles. Dropsy, Dlab«ie>.
Stone in the Kidney or Bladder. Catarrh of tb»
Bladder, Cystitis. Diseases of -the Genlto-Crl-
nary Organs. Delicate Women. Skin Diseases.
Scrofula and General Debility are treated wltA
pre-eminent success. Any case of Malar 4 .*
cured In from ten days to two weeks. Never
a failure known.'ammaj»*gS
Among the thousands of cases that ha%* been
treated here in the last IS years there has
never been a DEATH. Send BOc for a bottle of
Catarrh Salts and sample of Metal Polish.
Products of Tuscan Springs.: Round-trip" tickets
at reduced rates. Inquire of any Southern Pa-
cific Railroad ajent. TUSCAN MINERAL
SPRINGS CORP.. Tumn Springs, Cml.
FRANK J. HULEN. Manaser.
/ >' - - i
j^^^^Wbeautiful cHiilEtrlva
[^Jgijj3i|j||^ Letters of Praise for Peruna rrom
I JllP^^illikl Grateful Mothers. ;; ~:
money spent in drugs. Following: Is a «bJbb*"^ 1I '"""'^*^^ 1/"---r , V
specimen of the many letters which Dr. ff A f 1/^VT rrD \ Xi z'jSj
Hartman receives from the younger mem- ft /\L*l\^'l-+ *JL*/ tJ"\l m—,1\ _ 3 jj j£S£
"I am 'a HttJe firl Just 9 years old to- "" M?/ fjl CJOftS > I );l££T'' 1^
Mrs. Schafer. 436 Pope avenue, St. Louis. Mo., writes: - - . ) f|§P«3 (V •£¦} I!
"In the early part of last year I wrote to you for advice for my daughter Alice, 1 55$S&S»S^$*V\Jj -' \ 1 1 1 1 1' Hill ifc
"She has been a puny, sickly, ailing child since her birth. She had convulsions) \$\ v^/^3/ Jt. *• fl I^£Sj\
and catarrhal fevers. I was always doctoring until we commenced to use Peruna. \ % w\\ y.NLW^jl,C/ r I J»ni^tffM
She grew strong and welt. Peruna is a wonderful tonic; the best medicine I \ \jj\ \. jiM^Tjn^ I ,jl»ijLJl5rev
"/ was in a very wretched condition when I commenced to take Peruna. I had I vs§s2^B3fc3KJ//| /\u H? 10X vl
catarrh all through my whole body, but thank God, your medicine set me all right. ) \uX^JF\ If 1 1 1 A Wi^rxa tztK^I
I would not have any other medicine. 1 v^^JM /// \ nY^OT-^rv^af
"Peruna cured my baby boy of a very bad spell of cold and fever. He is a big, \ Z f^Si^^^y/r W \ y!r-^^(YM
healthy boy fifteen months old. I have given him Peruna off and on since he was\ / ,y^^/-^HRt(
born. I think that is why he is so well. I cannot praise Peruna enough. We have ( i^^^§\ \Y^ S/ sJL^ r~**LS&%n
not had a doctor since we began to use Peruna— all praise to it." — Mrs. Schafer. ) *^J«fPy U *^^^^arai®S§fwi\
day. But I have had lots of sickness, would die, but I am here yet, and can Y~H2* I vys
so much that I baVe learned to love Eome hear very good. My mamma can write y^VwHi' 4y •
doctors, and some I don't want to see. you more." — Ila P. Foster.
But Peruna is the medicine for me. I "Our little girl begs us to let her send -^-^8^. ~— — -< ><^ w
have never cone to school much on ac- you a letter. It is one c.f her own writ- "'^^^^kS^^bSv 351^ 1^'^
count of being sick. I have had chills and injr. My husband's abscess is healed. " ""^^/4%$Tbf}f
bilious fever, pneumonia, and last and thanks to your advice. Peruna did me ¦***"**
worst of all, typhoid pneumonia. I more good than anything I ever tried. I
couldn't move one bit. nor hear a thing, recommend It to all my friends."— Mr3. f u n statement of your case, and h« will
My mamma and good doctor gave me Pe- Olive C. Foster. Window Cliffs, Tenn. be pleased to eive you his valuable a<lvice
runa. I have been stouter ever since. If you do not derive prompt and sa tls- gratia
and mended faster than any one else who factory results from the use of Peruna, Address Dr Hartman. president ot The
had the fever.. Our friends all said that I write at once to Dr. Hartman. giving a Hartman Sanitarium, Columbus. O.
_^_ ¦
"UP AGIN" A GOOD THING
A man is when he commences to patron-
ize the U. S. Laundry. "The best laun-
dry I ever struck," is what those who
Indulge in a little slang would say. But
entre nous if you want your linen as
faultless as when you first bought it, in
color and finish, we will guarantee to do
it to your satisfaction every time. Care-
ful handling and artistic work are among
our up-to-date methods.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
OrPICE 1004 MASIET STBEET,
- Near Powell.
ITHIS DLUC SIGNATURE
[BEWARE OF "JUST AS COODs\
d visit DR. JORDAN'S great j
{MUSEUM OF ANATOMY?
Q taB 1531 HA2U5K. tit 6!M7t2i.S.r.C.l.i
\ *i>' w TI »eL«£M*tAiutoiBie»l Museum la the \
T «r3*fe\ "oild. W»kn«<es or any contracted A
O /SS S>P«"»ii«oBtheCout. EiLJSjaii 0
6 fljxf OR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN j
\ Ff$?fO Comulutlon free and jtrfctlT priTite. \
F I ff^L V*" ma X P««°n»ll y " by letter. A A
\ B W Tl **•**»• <*•"• »» e»ery caw m»dert»ken. V
U r II III w >iteror Book. rniLO«Ol»nY mt A
\ H II* ¦A»«IA«K. MAILED FKSS. Uf
X Q ¦(} Ti!u»ble book for mm) -..-. ,'" A
f DU. JOBDAM A CO.. 1051 Marktt St., S. F. V
h5S fwrfl 0!%. TJw^jBi da loWiw \[yi
' IT a 1 Bib iR&g hS meIT » YsTll
m 0 S Ml I HI Ess 9 Ira n
Always. Remember the Pull Name
l^axative jjromo Q?raine
Cures a Cold in One Day, Grqnn 2 Days
K**-*?? **yytr&§&» box. 35c
ADVERTISEMENTS.
. j
1 B. KATSCHINSKI
Philadelphia Shoe Co. •
10 THIRD STREET, SAN FRANCISCO.
Adjoining- Call Bulldla.*;.
Pioneer in Selling
Good Goods at
Low Prices.
VT* offer til* truth.
We offer fair deallnjr.
W« offer honesty. All made up
Into useful form of lasting,
reliable, enduring footwear. We
guarantee all our goods to be the
best that the brain and hand of
men and women can produce, and .
that our r»fier-s are tne lowest.
Look at this shoe we advertise to-
<!ay.
Ladles' full dress patent leather
lace shoes, with mat kid tops, plain
coin toe, light sole and full
French heel. Price only #2.50.
"Worth J3.50. Sires Z% to 7%.
"Widths A to E.
Hefe Is Another
Bargain.
Men's dark brown pressed seal
opera or Everett Slippers. Price
only stvsmtr-flre cents a pair.
Worth 91.2S. Sizes 5^4 to 11.
• • Come and try our store and see
how much we can save you In
good shoes. -
B. KATSCHINSKI
Philadelphia Shoe Co.
10 TBZUO ST., Baa Praacisco.SA3T EAFAEI*. Oct S. — The star« <rf F. K.
aTtNear a* McWears Pctot waa brcitaa. tzza
la*t nis.1t aati men than $2OV taken, fmn ths
VZL.
BUFFALO. Oct. 3.— The executors and
trustees named in "the will of Edwin L.
Btcrdick will appeal from tie decision, of
Stsrragata Marcus giving Mrs. Alice Hull
Burdlck, widow of the murdered manv
custody of the estate left to the children.
Bsrdfck Trustees ta AppeaL
El- 1=4 -
PsEct CQcer T*»y*-?w; -v~.c mmatad Fuwney
.:*'r? several irwks ir-:. wtS r^ai-rt VX9 V. ;r<>
&rft Sers Csi* gaar-rfny fcr Psr^aSiS wt£i Tam
TeeisrT. ¦» > so t» accasetf of ialsiixg q isC.
*c_ e«j«e ajt.gr traia :c :"«¦ j»i-^»- 22.
DOUGLAS. Wyoi. Oct. 3^— A ru d>
cover y in tie B:~::r.«zg Bastn. rierea
miles west ef tiia dry, has canaed In
tense excrement | here and eru-wds hatv«
gone out ta tie scene. Tia tarn w«s
3truck at a d«pth of O feet, and waa so
great tiat it farced tie heavy drS cut et
the we*, and threw gravel and «2rt <mer
the top cf tie derrick. Tie weS haa beea
cased and capped. I: is prgsxaeti c» pip<»
the gas to Douglas. Caspar and Giles
Rock as seen- as pca3i"bXe. and Lztzr ti«
pfpe*Hne may be cont—iuet! ta Cheymne. &
distance of 2CI> =.t>3.
Gas Discovered ia WycrrrfTTg.
STSQUEEAXXA. PsL. Oct. 3v — Tie>
bcilermakers ca tie e::;Le ajizesi cS ti«
Erie Hailrcad struck ta-day because at
tie d^sciarg" of certain siopnaen.
ST. LOCTSy Oct. 3.— Driver? efa2St
Louis express companies, ta the nun?b<er
at ¦*». went ers sdk» to-day because tie
dezsiaztZa of tie Facfne Eirsress Cant
pony's employes for a wag? taerease aS
2> per cen; hav» not fteen granted.
Erii? BcilgmaTTwrs Scrfia.
Sc Lcnis Express DrtTirs Strika.
Thirty Thscsand 3Eci Laid Oi
POTTSVILLE. Pa.. Oct. 3l— Tie orf*r
t» susi^ng a2 ef tie fcrry-fatir coESert«s
and wasiertes of tie Ph£ade£p£ia mad
Reading Ccal and Iron Company far ees
producticn of eoal went fcrt^> tSsct ta^day.
Mare than 3W»» emp£cy«s. brtrturlfng
traimseri and telegrapi. operator*, are
tins laid eff far arss ww*.
ST. LOUIS. Oct. 3S.— Eight hundred la
borers, members cf the Lzbcrers' Protec
tive Union, Local Na 13JS5 ef the Amert
can Federation of Labor, have «ruft wcrk
•World's Fair Laborers Scriis-
DSNTSE. Oct. 3.— A special to the Ee
pubCcan front Trinidad, Ccla_ says the
authoctty cf President -John- Mitchell of
tie United 3Cne "Workers far tie calling
cf a strike of ctwl mfner3 tn District So.
IS was brought fcy **Mather" Janes, whe
returned fracx IndTanapolis to-ctght. and
ft f3 understood that next Monday night
fci the date ftLed far the walkout. This
couM not be pcsl^vely connrmeti 63-cigi^
More t?«*^ 3J t OG& men will be trvclved.
Carries ~S£ltshaR*s Asthcrlzatisa far
- Ccal Xrs.exs' 1 StrQcs
u-vr rvv u v, a." JO2TES HAS OBDZ3.
David Frazee, sfficeral superfntendent,
employed br tie TtiTarry studSoe, toM of
his Sntervfew- with Parka ia a salccn
January a, when. Parka again said tiat
TtSany was fined JSJO. Later £n the same
day Frazeev accompanfed by Lcufs
Schmidt^ treasurer of tie Tiffany Cor
poration, called on Park3 tn his owa
home. Schmidt asied Parka, said the
witness, why the fine of SXU 1 waa imposed
and Farka: replied:
~I am not in t*t* business for my health
and ycu*re setting- oS. easy. Other firms
have done business witn, me, and tf you
don't wish. to pay you can fight tt luus
some other firms who changed their
minds pretty Quick."
"Dees this money gr> to the Iabcr
union.r~- asked Schmidt.
-*Ic goes ta Sam Parks,'" was the reply
made by the accused, according ta the
witness.
Louis . Schmidt, treasurer of the Tt2any
studies, was the next witness, and his
story of the interview wita Parks oc Xo
venxber 5 was tn the m.a.frr. eorraboratfcve
of Frazee's , testimony- Parks toLd tient
that the. fin* should be paid, and until ts
was paid not a ait cf work would be done
en the TiiTany jobs. Witness said that
Parks" reply ta his c^iestfon as to whom
the money should go*, was: **It goes
to' Sam. Parks, and you can go to any at
the firms that have done business with
me and find oct that Sam Parks' word
goes."" -
Schmidt testified that Parks rsftaed ta
accept a check when he suggested that
method of paying the "ttae." aayfng:
"Tou don't yw^ft- that I was bem yester
day? I want bCis. and you: can get them
narked .by Tiffany cr Jerome or any one
you. 1170%.*"; "~
A stir'went around the courtroom, when
the witness told ef Parks saying: that he
could 'employ non-union, men.
"¦"WThy. the union men will kick. I saSf
ta hinC the witness declared.
"Never mind/* Parka replied, "I have
got those • muzzled, ?rr>* tf any
one a£. them objects we will fine hinx ISO
xt ft he. can't get another ioa> £a the city-"
Scftrnfrft then testtfiecl tiat he had gone
alone, to- Parks" res&ience on January 5,
tw& days later,, and handed FSxia an «n-
Teliape ¦ cantainins' *SC« tn bills and xohL
Bath, men had. Terffied the amount. Park3
then said : . that the men would resume
worfe tie fallowing morning, wiici the?
did. ¦ -
Dttt-t* t the cross-examinatfen Scimid*
aaM that Parks told hint that the TtSanj
stcdioa'conki employ nan-cnics or union
lahor. as they deemed fit. Parks had taDd
the wttness ***** the Eeda trot* Works
had ; paid 'him. COOfe. btct that he had dis
tributed this »™mg the members, of-hfa
organfeatsan- He knew that Parka waa
conmiitstn^ a'crtnie ta acceptfng- the JSW
anS ; Park^ t : : tntenat£on that'he mfghc re
port it to the DSatrict Attorney tf he likac
>iar? ciuice'jtakea. 1 his- breata away. : ¦ .'
At -¦ the. cogcfcTMnn, of Scttas&ifs testf
nsony court adjourned for the day.
SO STRIKE OX "U 1 STSTEX.
JCotorses 'J, Cctsre ¦ ta - is . Agreenxes.1
: ->\Wit£t.CoBipaay.;"
¦;-'XSW:TOEE, ; Oct. 3.— It was cCjcZaSa
' announced ; this aftemoan. at the offices d
tie Company that -t&e
**L** moternten. had come to an asraensenl
with: the csia^any , and that, there would
! Etot be T a*( strike.' ¦:. The angornci-mrfftit ; fat
| towed."- a* conference fa ' the office e£ An
' gust! Betmaat* president ; cf the : "T-"*. sys
¦ tent, between ' railroad effHaRr and rep
> resentattrw^onfion. jtobj..
I • It was agreed that the nan who showiac
XiTW YORK, Oct. 3.— The first witness
called ia th<* present trial of Santnel
Parka ' oa the chars* ef extartfcn . was
Benjamin i Thaeaara, whov tt ts alleged,
was sent by the TffTany Corporaticn ts>
see PorJca to ascertaia why tie men. em-,
"ployed by tt stopped worsens tn sans
bu2ding3 fix this 'city last December.
Thackara told of bis meeting with Parks,
who ' said, according to- the witness.
"Tiffany is fined JSM and if you're nac
prepared to settle, send TETany ta see
ne. 1 * :
Witnesses Teil of Con
ference With Dele-
DSSVES. Oct. 3.— A suit was Eed tn
the Dtstrict Court to-day haTtny far Its
purpose establishment of the prtncipte
yyr^r labor unions - are partnershfp* and
thai slander commlttaii . by a member
tTT^Xr^^ the organisation - f taelf liable for
damages. Xeil Eendersctt fa. the ptiintiff.
but in. realfty tie suit Is broczht by tie
Citizens'" Alliance. ; The FEresaen's and
Engineers'- Helptsrs' JCcitm. j Xo. 13. of
Denver £s tie . defendant. Henderscn
charges that a committee front the union
cfrculated the report that he was rafrfrrg
coal from the company. seGny it ta other
parties and pocketing tie prcceed3. tner--
By tntimating- that he had bees cf
larceny. Far fm* allessd slander he
wants J30CQ damasks.
Ccsxesxisa. ' Is 3Cade Tnat lav cf
" PartaersMpa Holds.
SUES XTXIOS FOB SLA3DE3.
cnasjs tier* and In JTew Tcrt inaw ILr.
Ticrnas VT. Liwscn sc w»H tiai tt ts ftarilj
cecessarr. far tietr 6«nefit. to cSaracter^e Ilia
statements. The dlaca-lci wiidi I iaf» Jicrc
rad. fcx .wStlci he- aca^es tias I demanded
ST.iiOO.COft for all <^ my Brjperty In Barte, ia
•tnttref? wtriouc an?- fsmsdatlcii tr fact
I would act for aa taatacz ctmatiier sertaaalY
any cnnnntmicatlctr cf . a- bustaes* cfcaractar
frnna iizs. Xzd *a E-ftave B*v»r tn. tie past
isentinEed an? 2gr3^ a£ wiicit I wtmii sell my
Latersata ta Bsit«. and Save a mnn&«»r <?C tines
r^fuaeil r»rtce what he say* ta His dirpaaril I
d^maruieif fmn itTn. tt fc» alxrtcst a. waste eC
»rri» ta sa? asytMaj- fartier ibcat hia eiw-
LAlSrSOX^ . SEw" OFFEB,
BOfeluN", Ort. 3. — In a cncrarcmtaition
addressed ta Edward T/mr, president of
tie Butts- Hiners 1 " • Unto a. Ticiaas "W.
Lawscn tc-day made, .reply ta- tie state
ments cf F. Augustus Heinse with refer
ence ¦ ta • an offer I of Lawscn to btry
H-iin2s?'3 I cepper property En Montana.
La-arson, cites four eceasiens upon which.
he says, Hrfnze ' negotiated with hfns can
cemins the purchase of Hetuze's copper
properties at Butte. llont. Ee says al3o:
If 3Ir. Eeinse can yrave to a bcari of *rbi
traiica tia£ Se cadd Save sdij hi» properties
isr S14.C00.CC0; cr ev-s. Jt3.CCfl.C00L I wfll rolae
=•-7 oCar to jt9.octy.GeOi. jticeo.eco or *i*.ow-.-
HELZXA. SToni. Oct. 3.— A Ictnt com
mittee representing the Bsstte Mhrers*
Unicn and the 3CII and Smelter ilen'3
Unictr cf Great Falls this memfn? waited
tipon Governor Joseph BL. TocLe ar>if pre
sented copies cf resolutions reouestins'
the Governor to call an extra session cf
the Legislature far the purpose cf enact
ing l^jislatian adequate to- meet the pres
ent sirua-tS=n in Butte, Great FaHi and
ether Tar^e towns of tie State where the
Amalgamated shutderwn. threatens to
wcrlc ?reat hardships. Governor To«Ie
a^stnred tie ccomiittee that he wanM gtre
tiem. his most carefcl consideration at
the earliest possible date. The Governor
win not tiisccss the case, stating- this af
tamcoo. tiat he weeii have to ti£nk the
matter . over and that when, he had de
cided what was fcest.ti> be- dene he would
<ip it, hartngf only the test fntsrests cf the
Stat* at heart.
:. ¦¦• C ' .-:¦--
TH g~gTE LIVES ABE -LOST
IS" WBECK ifEAB PALISADE
v Engineer cf WcxkTraia Says Pas
senger Cars Did STct' Carry Be
qtdr«d Sigxala^
BKSO. Nav.. Oct. 3.— The disastrous
wreci which, occurred last ggwifng en. the
Scmtiem Pacfzc near Palfsade restated
in tie death of three" men and the fnjTiry
cf three otiera.. TraSc on tie read was
delayed twetre hocrs." - The dead:
D- KiyG, tfanefceeger.
FRANK WAGOCCEE, Jananeae la
borer.- ¦•.*¦•¦¦¦ " -
T. JUfEJTHSS. Japanese Iahor«r-
Tie ini^rred: Thomas. May, fireman, arm
fcrciied; Ed SeMca, foreman on coostrac
tltta work, te? bmiaed; nnkncwa lady pe2
sen?sr, sHsht bruises arO. shoci-
The- engineer of the work trata cLolnu
that th* " first suctStro. - of the passenger
train carried n» signals .denoting a secosii
secticn. and . when. _ his traia ptiHed on
the main line the collision, fallowed.
¦ 'm *
mrSAJSTTY THE DZFE2TSE •
OF SLATES QT HODGE
Atte=pt WiJt Be Made ta Skew That
"S&Was Irrespcsaible at Tiszs
ef "thg;smfr.ap.
¦WOODLAXD. Oct. a.— The trial cf I*
A. "V\Teia Cor the kCHng- of Chartes Hod^e
was resizmed^ to-day . and • the proaectstSaa.
closed Its side af the case. The defense
kS attuanstTte" show-'^that Weis .is not
Kentally scend "tsd that he dM cat real
ize he'-was Mctarftttoafa-'crtase-". The aT
lesed miacaiidtEct of the defendant's wtfe
ts sai<i to- have unsettled his mind. Sev
eral witnesses _were ' called _ and .. test£2e<i
to tie previous food" character of ths
priacnef.
pr; s/T! "p.f\ PT f E'K ' TO LA.WSOZT.
F. As^sstns Hetnze. when, asiced early j
t*>fr* noreisf what. he had to say ta reply f
t» tie oCer of Thccias. Lairsca loaktsr f
to a settlement between ' him • and . the |
A=aljx=a.teii Ccpper Cc=;a2T. i= wfefch |;
Lawsczi proposed ' tisit ' ' an artttratioc. ,
board arbltrata the price offered by. Law- '
moor f cr E«i=se*» Bctte horrftngs * and; \ tie ;
price a-skrsii fey Heigze. and the g±v£ns" as !
& consmfariica the gran cf C&1JXHI to- the (
Bctte JCners' Unloa to arazge- the arfe*-|
traticai, aaMr . j
TSa«*s?t* of Soet^i in<i ¦ tie Sfioci 2s- i
Tseanrta "a." Half ¦ TgfTHort Estate. [
. SAXTA CEtX Oct. 3.— Robert RnsseTL
who bad , resided here since ISO. died last
ni^ht ia St. Lake's -HaapttaL He was the
ewper of the vast'Rnasell tract and lea-res
an. 'estate" valued! at C0Oj3O».- The deceased
was a native of Ireland. 33 years e£ aje.
I>eati. -ef > a Sas. aa SYasc£scas.
SANTA ROSA. Oct. v 3S.— FredericS: ', K. ¦[
Bogart^ a resMeat of San Francfseov ajed [
12 years, : dfed'bsre tt the'hacae of rsEi- I
tfv» to-day fzara ctMarrctstioa.
tiousht cf. . ¦ > -
AccordZn? to resclnticns passed and
n*rw in tie hands cf tie JCners 1 " Union
coxastfttee at Helena., appealing to Gqtj
erntjr Toole for an extra sesaian of .the*
Legislature, tt is contemplated by the
aiiners' Unfens ta hare passed roclr laws
at tie sreciai session cf tie Legislature
. xs win ts its opinion maita tie bill cf
rights cf Hcntana cceratiTe.
Tie SU-xer Eaw Later and -Trades As
senbly. conrposed cf every cnicn fa Brrttn
! has addressed the following letter t-> G<rr
i emcr J. S. To«5le:
Enttff. Oct. 2S. — T- ??^» Sxc;II*ggT. Ean. J.
i k. Taoie. Ocreraor oC tie StaUe cf itmtaaai^
At tW laat r^suiar raeetiss Qf tie SU"»er
[ B«rir Traiies *s«t La&ir As»eaitl7 a iscticii
! •»%• t«'*» »ad n=asi=xcasi7 aticBCeii tisat L. tie
! wuierstfSKd, a» «ccr?tiry cf tie «ai<i SUver
t Bow Taui*» and. Laicr AjaeinSlT. fee toatractad
I C3 fatw-vt * wrtcrea r«cneat ta yrjnr Excel
| isfscy «» be&ali of tiia crytT'-atiiTrr.. ta aaic
j jrto. Zi oenlK tout •«xeca*iT«- power ffsr tia
! nr. <rf <~«""s- a. spHdaJ session of tie IJe»
i isiarare of the- staa cf il;r.-j.^.i.
Tie prw^st Isdastrial aM t» aSectin» C»
Uiigi'ea^i >2f tie warictss pecpia cf tils ccinar*
airr ta «a«A *3 extent tiat .ti» Silr^r Eaw
Tr*«ijf» <^ Lafcor Ajraernoi? de*ins is necessary
! rvi* scisa T~axdlaZ is^ralazLcn aioolct be paa»nil
' looi±=S" tnwird tie rggrj-rrp-caia it w?ri la. tie
j zstrara »-«< aaariwrs tirrniciiTct tiia State. " .
7i ar« w-a'-ffT-y tiia aip^al t» your- Ex
} ceHescT^ act ta. ti« i=t»r»st cf x=y of the nrfn-
I ing- cDT3cr»tic!a« warris;? asainat. eaci ct2«r r
j tct w« do tat» «* ESKsfc«r» af erganised laSor
| cSary»<i wia. t&e darr ca- pratact aarf aaf-gsarf
I tie tsserwst* ef ticae «Sa eara tiatr lirwC
! So<»S ia ti« aiimes aai ssieitera cf Manama..
Trustiaj- c!w£ tlria appeal wGI rseetv* a rssKiy
niepense an. tin cf yoar Exceijency, t re
1 "«w iscst reacectitilir,
Gra'FBAXKEU
j Secretary SKrer Bcnr Tisules and Laicr As
seaaiX.
;( In tie hepe' of -esBatJcy.;*. mnnJwr 'of
txaec tie military asticrtties have ,op«nsd
f recrcttins stations - is BSrtte,", • Anaecnda
and Great Falls, the ; three ; dties . prinrf
'¦ paEy affected by. this smpensica cf the
Asialsasated trfces and _ snteltars. ,
net be vertSed. was ta the effect .that
e— crts were 6ein^ made Ca have the Min
ers' Unics call act tie miners employed
by ti* Eetnse interests as a means of
hastening a settlement cf tie issnes at
stake. This report was- strenxiixnaly de
med by ofneiaia cf tie Miners' Cnfan, wno
declared tie sstrzect tad not eren been.
f XTSlQZt DZ5TES ; BU2I03.
A rcnicr to-day. whici T however., codd
a: tiia trse it » <nit« i=5cs«ille ta <Je»r
— i^- iuat !ktw or wSat tie cotnsnttae wttt 4e
cide to tie leaner, bnt I teel certiia tie inter
ests csC «H partis win be cocaaiered and. tie
cstnsitiM will in i2 !a ta pow»r u basosa
a. settltauest I»3o*in« to. tie Brctectian «3f the
prr:c«rii*9 cf tic»e tavoivstl. ami a tie r»
«--^-ru;— cf wurit te tie siim?* artif «cieiter»
»-rf -5e rsllef of ti« tiucaaajia of cuss, wcinea
i - ¦: diildrvs. aJZeczzd by tia siruldirwTi.
A sli^it stir was cccasioned tc-day by
tie appearance en tie streets cf a Local
newspaper with, a reproduction cf a dis
patch aEegT^d ta have been printed in a
£aa Franetaco newspaper. In Large type
tie allesed San Francisco item told cf a
"gigantic stcci - conspiracy „"* ts. wnici
jS.ot»3» had been cleaned cp by tie
"Rockefeller grotrp" Ln alleged manipuLa
tios of Amalsaniated stock3 as a cuull
of tie snsnensicn in Hantana.
President CSZEsst ScalLcs cf tie Ana
cenda-Copper Oimpany and Heinse ha^e
"ccti. signln«*tl tiseir wtllfnsness ta meet
tie m^JtatSoo eeE^mitte«- .
Senator CHark. : a member cf tie coni
miztae. to-day aaid:
I trust r»»af ft will be wfiMn tie srr<rt=ce of
tti» ctnnnirxffe t> *^rf sccas icr'..inar» aotartnn
*<"CtieEi«i£ tiat win ?<»miit tie r^on«a£as cr
This s&imiDWTi r=et=s so micir ta tie p«:pia
Tf liar acne etas aa s»rti« &-to£twS sfccu^.
"se w-7?*t«- ta cacaider tie Inrer«t3 cr tie yus
lic. a=ii VitS. tzi» is t-jtw I hnid mysell Is.
r^»dr=eaa ta a«KSK in: reile^tns t&e ersiiiy <iiS-
expected tiat tie members cf tie media
tion, committee will" meet slzxI f^rmtiiate
tieir plan* In i2»Cort tg settle- tie strcs
fi* 6ct» ecu F. A3^nst=s Keinse and tie
ipi.Ti.i.i^f^i QVPCX Ccntpany.
BTTTE. S&aau Oct. S.-U=ited
States Senator Claric this aftar
nocn r«c*ited a message frosr
S<»catc:r Parts Gilascn. . statins
tiat ce. in. company wtti J- X
KH, president cf tie Gr»at Xortiern.
wocld reaci Eutre ts-morra'sr. Governor
Tccfe wtH also fee in tie city, and tt is
Last Saturday afternocn, while stand-
Ing- on his porch d&ctatins to a reporter
a statamect defying- his accusers ta prove
tiefr chars53» Blair tocS: morphine while
tie reporter wrate and 1 ., suddenly tirow
tng- cp- his tands ta fcorror and agiicy, he
tappled over xincanacfaua.
Ajjafa. he had taisn too m-cch. morphine,
bet' it ts not b*y any means certain that
the devcted efforts of his wife and family
physician will sa^e him frcci this second
attempt at seif -destruction.
All tiat cfjit physicians wcrksd o-rer
tie tt^^ and at nxcrnins- they coald
breathe asaln and say he wnuld Eve.
The-?- f^.-f saved fciin. front a suicide's
death. " . -;:::-¦
On the- day he went to the Facr Ccorta
to aaS for a ¦warrant ajcainst Editor
Brocksxeyer. charzins- crtnrinal libel. Ire
decided to end. It atEL
He Dlanned ta die aggerrl.n.g his inno
cence and ia the very act of defending
feia repctatiEiB anfl haccr a.Tairat tie ac
cuaatlana rsade against Mai. • Before en
tering- tiie-Fstxr Courts Sctldrng" he fcwi
a largifr dos« <rf nscrpcine-. While ae was
standing before Prcsecnt£n? Attarney
Dalian., asking for the arrest of the man
who had accused him (wtthoxrt irastiaxsr
uu? any nanoea)* of forsery and embexile
inect. tie poi3on: fcesan to operate. Blair
collapsed. That duati. did not ei&rze was
dTie ta the fact tiat he had taken; an ever
dcae.
Ami Blair premised. Prcbactyne isearst
to kreep' his prcznise, Jftrt tie web <af fate
wa3 drawtns abent him. He saw expo
sure presstr:^ cicaer zz& closer. ¦*
ctternjflst rart3 of the earti^ tf need Iw
Irve ta two- rooiss eagirj wash and sew
far fr^rr and di-j all tiat a woman ctjdd
da tf he only would prcntiae net to take
his owa life.
ta tie fearfil accasien- She to Ed fcisi tiat
sie waald stand by hha. throcg-h. anytiirs
tiat xsiffit befall; tiat she was wining
to give tip everyrhfug that was dear to
her except nenseif and nee. sooa, a^id. tiat
sTie wooiii ?t> wtti htsi aad tiem ta tie
BOSTON ITILLION'AIRZ WHO QFFEBSD TH2 BTTTE 3CXHES* UNiaX
A COM3GSSI0N OF A QUARTER OF A itEtXION DOXJLAR3 TO'NE
GOTIATE A SAI-E OF TEE HETN^EI PROPESTIES.
at tie world"a fafr ts res^csse ta as arisr
Cross csics leaders. Tie waI3t3T^ «c
ccrred. tie Etea :i-u ~ . beeasae tie Laid*
iana Pnrciaae Expestrtcti Citcsasr i*»
set CQES-jtied ' wtti. is a^r»«2=s«*t ssawS*
Seyt«aa«r 13, wiets tie <rie«Scs «5 «sa-
Bteyiss- nos-ssion Uiorers wu se«>i
BILLS DEMMDED
BT SAM PARKS
Blair ia furtier said to- Eia-re confessed:
| evsrytlitay to fcis wife- six w«efcs a?a,
w&en.- sfce &e;ird the rtnnara tiat were oc t
the tcn^nes of «very cce in.<l asked hire fc> j
niaijs a clean breast of eTrerytiizs-.
According- to tie tafarrsatioa obtafsedj
t ta-cis&t frc-i3x a soarce T«r!itca. canaac Be ¦
f Qnesticiied^ llrs. Biair ieard tie wide \
j atcry cf feer i^sfcasd's davrsfalL— w&fici,. I
| lie frankly stated,. ..-was dse ta fcis loms I
j far h«r aad his tsaaze- desrfre tiat aie i
i have ev^rytiis? ta tie world that any :
i otier "womas cad. aad tiat every corn.- !
! fasrc and ftlesatsc tiaz racney cxsnld. 6ay }
• misit Be iers.. * .
ilri. Blair's Iitt» for her husband ar;se !
f talieii with. F-*f?~ seTeral tisww stnee bis t
last coCapse and Tins perstm quoted du- j
I clarss pesittreiy tiat Blair confessed ta
I w™ thsJt err hcth occasinrs £.e tried to
end his life and ins'-irs fcis wife's futsre
tiy T-™ftiTTg- a'railaSIe tie Xt^OOOiitJO- Ef e fa- t
strrai^e he had carried, far years. i
il ST. LOUIS, Oct. 3-— Jxn.es L~ Blair's
LstKiden ccEasses at tie Foot Cocrti a
I weei a?!> Kocdar axu£ at bis ioiae last j
I Saturday wot casaed by largos daaes at [
j. rscrpfcir.e. takes with. acSodal fctUML 1
' Ttis pcsitiT* Lnfaraatlon was obtained t
i ta-ni^it. It came from, a perjoc wha has ;
SZATTLZ. Oct. a— EeartLfzI Bcctot
rSfi^—wn died here to-iar «=S S«r pfcy
it-ra-s a*y lier i«arr wu brakes. Sk«
»*» ti^ t-»-> =r«cisr* brtC- ef Fnai 3£.
Gcifrtam held 1=. ;ail here oc i ciirs*
tf.,tf*ar local chary* »g^t^-«t ££=, wiici
istal* pr<K3eti IT tie t>c= A-fiig» ats-
fail ta sesad f=w bi=- CfcSJ t»s
t-.u^ Is .i _s cfty t*- ¦¦¦¦ ¦ tw»< ii?» tls
?5C=J WiTe fcev r-f.r '-*-;• of t&« Slitiods
iy vrtlct. ht is ajeccaed of rxis— -? coney.
Got.fnrat sarr^ed BoeSta tLu-*=. tr Sas
Fnicisco. Septe=b«r 3. Bar parKrta
=se=y ww per; jr=£<i 1= a. 5*n Frxaciaco
bafed ta tie rr*s>=:os of x It. *ni Its.
rw* i-»\t iTtir^nri G^-ir=an. a=d Sis
brtde ca=« ts ti^i dry. Within i f?w
tocrs iTier iretr arrfrxl G-*I( J ~.i.r; *ii
«. b-?c^a drxft it tie Kotsi Cadi i«rs last
•v^y E» w-ais arrestfti a^Ki «x CM O»U tfj
J«II tt ira» -Iiac5v»r^«l tiat i* •w-oj iras.t*ii
f,7r a. TiraiTar oswrxnee K3 Lea .Vz^s^s.
»il aJac, t: Is said, xr Salt L&ka. da7
cr rwo lxt«r GoLi=a3 a.rtarVM i fellow
griacaer wiii. * rxs^r a^i ac-w iaa tils
«rff»itlccal ciary* afa.^r..tt htrr 3£rs.
tie ja'" V* a^TTirs expr»ss«i cccidfuce
Is. v — <t*-^-< J "« tssccesce. b— t t> cse
cf i«r -i7*lciira si<* ii=Itte»i tiat sie
iai jrads a r-'anlr* fc -sarrytar s^=c«t
a »~»rg»> axaisst tie ¦«i*-'i«a of iar
[ 1 1 — j i i m.
£i<» wu - ii -r lH %. w«ejic a^-3 a»l =e*et
n ¦ ¦ «rw.
"Tie w^sar ssiSctiStedlT died cf a
';r^i;«nr ieart." sail Dr. Karrtacc cr.e of
ier ph-si-n.xra. "Si« was lib»:rirs- '^misr
aS' or«rwi*i22si jri«f. wiici <!¦;£*! all
ctrr e^rrrs, ard tie coGapee citm despite
«H we coeSS -ia.""
• 3ir». G^Iirsas. »is tl -ears c' ag» i=j2
said Ca t«i" w^oltiy. xrf? wilci f 3T=«rl7
lb#!ic=^-''d ta zh* aristocracy c* Ka-rajia.
EiCT»d to San. Frascisoa ft&axCj after tie
cutbreii e£ i£s=Itci«s ta Cuia. It ia
BBOBcaai tiar ti>? t^ 1 '-' »3 be taies
mm: '. *» fey tie =.'Tti«r far tstersaiE —
. » ¦ ¦
<>- Die« Er-tsrtains tie Eaiisrs.
SjLt» _ i I2-Q i - > . Oct. _S. — -iisr* r ...vr; i-ii
r=-=:«rs cf tie A=«r>a: B*=.i:r»' Assc
ciai<:c «~"~t 10—lAy rtewfcsB Sa_3 Dtegr?.
Ti* --;t-r-:f-g •sra.s sp<?rt i= tie cfij>. a^:«i
'after l~-z.cz. a.: tie Kctcl <L±l Corir.adQ tie
tf»-r!'?sae3. w*r; e*cort«nl by i ccrmittg*?
ci lecai ;a.=icers ca a La^=ci trip about
tSw tajr. Ti* parry left ai H:«» o'clock
Sixty Year* cf ilarried Life
H.S7A CKUZ. Oct. 3.— Itr. i=xi Mr?
H. K_ Hiirscji to-day c*;:ebra.t*!i tie sir
tieti aLmrn»rsary cf ti*rr narria?-';. Ej.w-
SH3O. is S r~a?3 ct ajr? a=ji iii -artf** b ccy
yrar jx^^iirifr. Several cf ti»ir childr;i
arji ifrarcciildr^s i=d f^ur — ea: (xasd
c±H£r?£. ¦»<?r^ prsse^t ax tie ceiefera.Cc^
: Twice Attempts Snicide That
She May Inherit SLOOOr
000 Insurance.
2Zs.rr.is % Strsrgs Agairst Wishes
Her 2Cst&ks ¥ia Is is
Tso La; •.
Risks His Good Same
to Provide Her
With Luxury.
Her Hr^band'a Arrest
far Swindling
Unaila to Stand Disgrace of
Pretty Bonita Goldman
Dies of a Broken
Heart. .
Blair's Great Love
for Her Is His
Committee Will Meet. To-Day and Formulate
Plans for Attempt to Settle Struggle Between
Heinze and the Amalgamated Copper Company
BUTTE CENTERS HOPE
IN MEDIATORS' EFFORT
GRIEF KILLS
BRIDE OF A
FEW WEEKS
CONFESSES
CRIME TO
HIS WIFE
XHE,SA5 FRANCISCO GALL, THURSDAY. OCTOBER 29. 1903.
3
a cereal coadirSca. at ihs «a=£saricii
cade scr=e tJse a.gi stall naz be re-«x
a_=±=.*i for a period cf two year3 and stx
ooctis frees the dare of tie faoner ex
isitsatftni. and tiose sr«r wires** reccrfs
would, i^iiicat* tint ti«fr coadtticB. cotsl»i
be reHevwi by trearssecr sSrall fce gtrea
tfcie to fit" themselves "far tie cTarrfrra-
WOMEN:
Arc Kept Off the
Operating Table by
Electro-chemistry, i
E~ Farcr-Crcrti Street. CUf^.
jjr*. E£»w: «*y«: ~Aicc= en* jwkt a«9 I
r^f^Biarf ta =7 S«l :» twrtgrTra. 3Cy !
>— Ler Jsecxss* p«ra^nei a=<i £5*re waa aa
c^nlatlrai c- btaotf =a tt- ..
••35y -tr^KxzjLsa were «iraiii cf «*2«r-s« xzO.
±r.*^K-''txzz=S c& tie je*. I acn'r kdHi I
1^? a^T tart g«? ?g tee cr«ras=#
r-^^» ess penile *cJCMwUwlrng=t c£ =y es*."
X-EAY CXAMWATH).^ ¦ i%Ll-
f»y*»* w «« — CcxJi~Ji^!iii!i» Catarri.
? . «.— , *.^. ¦.. . r.m,Ttr»r%, Tessa,
Sm^io, Z*s& aatf. lar 2Tcii«. Xi«^-
t-^~*tt t Pa=a^«i^ »«a=a^ta. Plica. d»-
«o«cs sf tic S 1*-*. X^rcr« X2£a«7S «ai
Bcw^s. S?«=al 3 jeai«s cf Xca sad
-Vss&ea- a_: Cirssle XKxckso.
EC3CS T BTt '^ t r >»"¦' — £i yoc Ere a£ 1 <C»-
tmaee. try °° ranc Jer * perwsa*! yraffri-ra^inn
IT you ¦~m~'r' CBBBt, WTtSB tJT Ug^ OCgcag SBT
ELECTKO-CnBHC BSTITUTE,
IZ3 :-?.,'TT ATS. Cer. Pc« St. '
an.« w -g-o * w^ 1 1-*"** ¦
PSce Kinc-s — 9 i. 21. ta 3 ». aa- «al 7 to S
. : a. - v : - 1 - - : j. . • «. . 1 .1 a. ~ . Z-i I ; . IB.
rmae *5«rtsiesEa Jar Tj'f* 1 ** «-^ r^aclesea.
cnocgb, so Car as Schilling's
Best
» CCwM CMJPQV'^12 **"r'T' SB y.w*^
go. They are rrtoneyback ,
iszke no trdable to asy'oody.
D3. PULBCSFS BE3EEDIES.
The Start
S*eJ$1iBJ|I ' Igaairried. life tsgcserxlly
mde c^ a^ ec=al footing
Eirt bew sees, in =a=T
caa5» tbs wife Icses ths
adrartage asd fades is face asd fails ex
fLssb^. while her fcaafcasd grow* erea
rsore rssged asd rofanst. __ ,
There » <ase cLarf' canae fcr tits wucly
&2sre' and- tiat ts, .'tbe fifhzre cf the
wocaalT health. . When tberr^is i=r=g«-
Eirity or as cihealthy drafs, isfarrnra-
tam^ clceratttJC cr fersale weakness, the
general fcealth. is socctr impaired.
WHO CAXSOT BE CURED.
Pranrietors asd makers of Dr. Pierce*s
¦ Fa vi mite Prescrrptiati now feel fttEj war-
¦ ta cffisBj to psy Igoa is. legal
' zusserr cf the Uczted Sates fear xsj case
! of Leccacrliea,'' Fecale Weainess^. Prt>
Iarscs^ or Fafjfngof Wocib, which, they
: caaaot ecseA AH they ask » a firr aad
¦ reaaDcable trial of .theff ce«rrs of enre.
[ "A 2tHc 'ctc a Tear a%<* I wrote »yati fia-
! aaKoe.-snrs Mrs. Elisaiwti. J. FSsh^o^Haaa.
; w^Va.- fyau advised me ta nae Dr,._Pier=a's
; ccverT/ wiadi £ dai. aai wtti the most
I result. I was trattbled. wii fcsale_we»i3ess
I .omifceart=SKicr!r3 taia». Ead a Sail para
i aoirJijrail tie tfcse faaryfeA«aae>gaiuuii*Li«a*
I >r<^r»sf.T-^. Was 3»> wsi I coold Haraly
»nXi t» ' ' t<n =rr r'FJ'i 1 Cnwfti not sit Jt^ oaly
. asc a. Ettle wSifc at a t&aft--- Ky Tnr<faT7nf jot
! v seas cf Er. Pfec;** asedkrsse 33d I Sejaa.
i t3"nsc.: Before I had ttiat tws bedes I was
tbl* to Ifcels <m» niy •week-' - 1 asef thrse Tbcttlcs
; iaa!l2t=il£.carsttnse-UtawI do all my licnae-
I ircri. itSsde&estmeJiaiielerK-oaef.- 1 - •
¦ " Xfae i Qxxzzzxia Sessc . 3Ied3cal Adrrarr.
', irt paper cs3vers»rssesrj6T5fottrea=rptc£
f.-ir oce-csrt--st22r!3s-.tc>'p^:expe3se : c£
i -r^^fWa; 1 ¦«x^r; ; --" 1 Address Dr. S. V. ; Pierce,
¦¦Bafialok-'SL'-.Y.'V
I "I Feel Great!" [
9 How - often that ts said : br ¦ aea wno nax* t««E enred ef s»r»wa •
• deJjiliCT &T tie' Dr. MgU^giiQa HIectrtc B«ltT Tney say tt e-rery «2ar- 3*ea •
A wtio Irare &««s. weai. zicosiT. trrssatsre aa<i w!z-3 £ac£ ao codtesee In O
2 t!i«r=3«tB-esar.an.are now boMrng sp tietr bea£s in priie wlti tie fcswt- 0
X edye t&ac perfect strairstli ts restanrf; tliar tiey are as s«o^ is asy mm-,- a
2 tltat waEfcs ami B«tt^r ttw^ asx ™'*" t of % t£teir s£sa. Toa kacrv . yos *r* X
5 weai eowv and wtsi yoc cotzLi say tirar jkhi wer* as a» asy nntTi of
• yocr sise. Totr caa, tf yoa w^IE nae riri* sracni trrtsoraSor.
I Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Belt |
0 C3> 3fc£ACGHUX— E>*r Sir: tz r-?xrt ts &k Mt I rS y3s»~I wSI O
A sa7 tt ts t2* cclr ears- 1 2at« «v«r fanatt. X have satsnl tS ptmsds since I *t*~» jrar 0
S ti»^' ii^Ttr aarf ;«i Q» another man. I esa. work mstt - Stairs m« €Ug«nj to 4t* vsg g*
2 T&eT eacse": e^nery . day frcsB - tiw? wfecr». Then* Is aat a tsrwa er Iraaa- 2
X let ts tlie ewxatry wirfclt has noe'esres by. Dr. ICeE-atssffilia's Elecrr&r Beiz. 7*
:•.¦" ,' Now w6ai do«s t&i» meast to ywi. dear rsaderT If joa ar» set wiat yo«» •»
¦ • ' , oc£&: to be- can yo?x xsi asy .better proof to-ssakc- yoa try itT Is tiwre a •
0 rssedy - wSiidL ts as st=q;Ie. as easy ta ase. is sore ta esn* asd as c£xe&9» Q
#) as Dr. Mcf-ansIrlSi'* EI«ecrfe B»ls? £ ha.xe act s««o orie- Taa ratsst try O
A IJ. lit inatSce ta jwarself. aa»l tu> tlaose wfco locic ta yora for tiefr ffatare 0
0 fc&TPtaess. try it cyv. JLct. tliia cx£Bxrt& f Stze& &- csatter -)':ii: a«C t» be
? - li"* as go<x! S»r wooea a» far rr;i^re. "Wo ra w^ifE* jwi sl^epw' tt e&oses n>» #
2 CncMf.. ; Tcki fe«l tbe yeatl*. tslam£z~ beat fcun tr emtstaatiy. bat no sttnfc : - *
',• no bemis^c, as ts. aM style belts. . J
; • • ¦ CaO.t£M£ay or send for ay Seactiffot bceSt fall of tie tiizss a csaa •
i # likes to r»»iii If be waots ta be a strtms mas. I send tt seal€ti free. Cos , #
f • oat tils ad. " .,.— <)
5 Dr. M. C. McLaughlin, !^^tT^: :
; 9. QCSC9 Eaors — S a. sx. ts» f gt =.; 3bhi£»t». IS ta JL '
f^S^^i To sweeten, Dispels colds and I
1^ Ml To refr«h, / headaches when I
l^^^^^s^ To cleanse the i bilious or con- l
Is fc^^fe^ \ Effectually i^ For men, women j
M } fln^ Gently; \ and children; 1
I# j There is only \ Acts best* on /
Pf one Genuine W the kidneys |
h^^^^H .Syrup -of Figs; \ and liver 1
l(^^^p#||L to get its bene- I stomach and 1
Always buy the gamine— Mflnnfacfcured by Uifi /
l^j^-LoNiisviQe* Ky. ww»iioi*b^w«. flewYorka/tY. 1
/ £f The geatatie Sytup ol.F^s is for sale By *S ftrst-das dtt^^isls. Ttc * #
mJ?? && narrg of tfcc cccapzaj — California F1s» Syrnp Co. — s af^ays *|
jP printed oa the free: c£ , crery package* Price Fifty Crrrfo per fettfgr \Joins Athletic : Association.
WASHINGTON, • Oct.; 28.— The President
has ordered a reconsideration, of * the case
of , Louis ;Kempner, .r the/- former' euperln*
tendent of ,Jthe", registry.' system of the.
Postofflce Department, recently .: removed
by-Postmaster General Payne, ':¦ In his pe
tition-to the President, Kempner. says" the
alleged charges are Inconsistent" and ' un- j
just, and that { he had never ibeen ¦ fur
nlshed:wlth a' copy of . them. nor. Informed
of; the ;,charges, .as.; required j by the..plvil
service rules; and that; tie • has -performed
his full duty in the 'nineteen yeara hef has
I ema ja' fctw .j?«sial aeiyit^' *;"r~^~^-*feii;
Kempner. Granted a ; Behearing.
JACKSONVILLE,, Fla., Oct.. 28.— While
attempting to secure her husband, .who
lived near Jennings, Fla., a mob shot to
death Jennie McCall, a negrcss, last night*.
A posse Is reported to be In pursuit of the
assailants.
Mob Kills a Negress.
Randall. "Wade broke a pane of glass In
the show, window' of • Peter VIgneau's
liquor store,- 313 Sixth street; early, yester
day morning and : stole six of the bottles
on exhibition, believing that they con
tained -whisky. He was arrested by Po
licemen Bruce, Herlihy and McEntee and
booked at the City Prison on a charge of
burglary. "When the case was called be
fore * Police Judge Conlan yesterday
Vigneau Informed the Judge that the bot
tles "contained water, and . nof liquor' and
he placed no, value upon' them.. The Judge
reduced the ; charge to . petty. ; larceny and
continued the case' till' this morning.-
Thief . Makes Bad Blunder.
.Roy Gorlalne, the young man .who swin
dled numerous landladies throughout the
city i by 5 passing ¦: Confederate notes on
them and getting change In coin, was con
victed by Police Judge Conlan yesterday
of J a . charge of obtaining money by false
pretenses and will j, be. sentenced "this
morning. ~ The complaining witness was
Mrs. Begin ; Kelly,' 832 ,Turk street. ' who is
a loser to the extent of $10. There is an
other charge pending against Gorlalne "
Swindles Numerous Landladies.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 28.— Miss 'Doris P.
Frost and Charles H. Fuller, - popular
young people of this city, surprised their
friends to-day by announcing they were
married at San Rafael last Monday. The
bride Is pretty and vivacious and has fre
quently appeared In amateur theatricals^
Fuller Is proprietor of the Hoffman cafe.
Quietly Wed at San Rafael.
Frank c Ray and ". Robert Mason, two
young men who are. late 'arrivals In this
city, were j arrested by : the- military au
thorities in, the. ; Presidio yesterday and
turned over to "the uollce at the North
End station. The' accused • were seen to
enter a shoemaker's quarters and steal a
lot • of tools from a bench. They, offered
their • plunder . for/ sale - to another shoe
maker * also ¦ within ¦ the * reservation.
Stole Shoemaker's Tools.
HONOLULU, Oct 28.— Henry E. 1 High
ton has announced his candidacy for the
United States District Judgeshlp made va
cant by the death of M. M. Estce.
Highton Aspires to Judgeship.
SANTA BARBARA, Oct. 28.— The yacht
Daisy, Captain Merry, which left Ventura
a few days ago with a pleasure party, for
a cruise to and about the islands .of
Santa Barbara channel, arrived at Santa
Barbara ,thls evening. '.Members' of rtBe
party report a; serious mishap to one of
their: number while 1 on Santa Cruz , Isl
and. The party had landed on the island
In * the" afternoon and? prepared; to 'camp
in one of the numerous small ¦ harbors
<or the nigh t. v Some of the ; more 'adven
turous J climbed the steep cliffs ' facing . the
ocean.',; When near the top, .100 feet above
the seaA Albert " Thurston, a' young j man
of Oxnard, lost his footing and plunged
headlong. to the surf below/ One of ; his
.companions ; who saw htm fall ' from' tha
cliff - made ' his ;; way j below ' and :• I found
Thurston ;,on the ( beach more ; dead than
*al I ve. '. - The two were obliged to remain on
ttie'rocks alii night; because, of theheavy
eea '.< and ; were : the } next * morning
by -friends who had organized a searching
party. ,; /".' ¦ _¦• ' .' "".; "¦'.•-.' -: .;'h ": r
Member V of .„ Yachting Party ' Narr
rowly Escapes Death on Santa
- Cruz Island. '.-.
FALLS FROM STEEP CLIFF
AND LANDS IN THE SURF
James Batti, bartender In a saloon at
409 Pacific street, and William Ramello, a
customer, had a dispute early yesterday
morning and Ramello cut Batti with a
razor. Batti took the razor from him and
Ramello came at him again with a krife
Batti seized a club and struck Ramello on
the head with It, knocking him senseless
Both were taken to the Harbor Emergen
cy Hospital and after their wounds had
been dressed Ramello wa* booked at the
City Prison on a charge of assault with a
deadly weapon. The ca3e was called In
Judge Conlan's court yesterday and con
tlnued till to-day.
Bartender and Customer Fight.
The announcement Is now made that as
a result" of i.the ,'serum .tests cattle - are
going blind in Contra Costa County. On
one little ranch , twelve * cows '¦ have gone
blind. '; The owner believes his misfortune
is due to the squirrel test ; , The farmers
are afraid the horses . may next r be in-1
fected. | .'" v i l-"- : ' :*. ¦
OAKLAND, Oct. 28.— Several months
ago the University of California.profes
sors inoculated with' rabies serum the
squirrels 'which' infested the grain fields
in Contra Costa County. It was thought
at the time that . the serum .would prove
harmful to nothing but the squirrels. The
experiment of trying serum through these
animals at \ once . proved successful and
they died off by .countless thousands.
While the test was at flrBt confined to a
part of Contra Costa County,. tbe use of
the serum Boon became 'general through
out the farming region northeast of here.
Farmers Fear That' Horses May Fall
Victims to Same Mis
.. : ¦. . .' fortune.-™;;/ /TJ-.fi';
SQUIRREL SERUM MAY.
CAUSE CATTLE TO GO BLIND
LONDON. Oct 28.— The engagement is
announced of Israel Zaagwlll, the author,
and Edith, daughter of Professor W. T.
Ayrton. Miss Ayrton Is the author of a
number of short stories.
Zangwill to Marry TVTUg Ayrton.
FRESNO, OctT 28.— The flf ty-flfst' gen
eral Baptist convention of California and
Nevada convened to-day In the First Bap
tist Church In this" city. - '
The convention was called to order at I
o'clock this afternoon by President Thom
as M. Young-. ' Addresses of welcome were
delivered "by Mayor Stevens and the local
pastors; President Youne responded!
The annual sermon was delivered by Rev.'
IL J. Vosburg. Addresses were delivered
during the afternoon as follows: :»
"The H.-'M. Society and Methods of
Evangelism," C. A. Wooddy, D. D.; "New
Interest In Evangelism." CM. 1 Hall D.
D.; "Convention Evangelism," George
Robert Cairnes.
Delegates ' From Two States Attend
Fifty-First General Session
at Fresno.
CALIFORNIA AND NEVADA
BAPTISTS IN CONVENTION
NEW YORK, Oct. 23. — The following
Calif ornians are registered a.t New York
hotels: ', '
From San Francisco— F. I. Barrett, Mrs.
M. Barrett 1 Miss A. I Barrett, F. D. Marl
borough," Miss M. Salisbury and. Mrs.
Shay at the St. Denis; A. Goldberg and
wife at "the Herald Square; "H.Postleth
walte at Hotel Earlington; H.Friedlander
at the Grand Union:
From' 'Los " Angeles — Mrs. Leamlstre
West and Dr. W. R. T. McLaln at the
Herald Square ; G. Mitchell at' the Vic
toria. - ' ; • ;
Calif ornians in New, York.
LONDON, Oct 29.— The Ottawa corre
ppondent of the Standard says the Cana
dian Cabinet has decided to offer the
South African colonies of Great Britain
a preference of 23% per cent in return for
tariff concessions . from them.
Canada Offers Trade Preference.
NEW YORK, Oct. 28>-S t Louis con
tinues to make heavy drafts on this cen
ter fqr'cash. The sum of $600,000 was sent
by telegraphic transfer from the.^ sub
treasury this morning. .Another install
ment of $615,000 was transferred by the
eub- treasury to St. Louis In the early aft
ernoon.. Other transfers -from the sub
treasury included $500,000 to Chicago and
$200,000 to New Orleans. :>> M : '
, IA' further Installment of $660,000 was
transferred to St. Louis shortly before
the close of business. This made a total
shipment. for the day to that point of $1,
875,000 and broke all previous records for
a single day's transfer from this 'city.
Transfers to Chicago were later Increased
to $650,000.
St. Louis and Other Western Cities
- jr' Make Demands for Cash.
HEAVY DRAFTS ON NEW YORK
Marriage Licenses.
OAKLAND, Oct. 23.— The followln*
marriage licenses w«re Issued by the
County Clerk to-day: Charles H. Rulof
son. 33, and Rose M. Diaz. 23. both of San
Francisco: William C. Wilson, 27. and Oil! *
G. Jones. 24, both of Oakland; Harry r>.
Lee, over 21. Portland, and Geneve Janes,
over 18, Oakland; Joseph McKee. <5:- : and
Nora I. Miller, 35, both of Oakland f Abra
ham Norkbelm. over a. : and Annie J. An
derson, over IS.* both of San Francisco:
Fred K. Reed. 24, and* Leota Coulter, over
18. both of Oakland; Elmor© E. Lapham.
S3. San Francisco, and Anna Robrecht, 20.
Martinez; Manuel Fr el tas, 31. Emigrant
Gap, and Maria Luz Bettencdurt, 23, Cen
tervllle; William G. Thornally Jr.. over
21. Fruttvale, and Agnes V. Damn, over
18, Melrose; John E. Dufify, over 21.. and
Margaret- Campbell, over IS. both of Oak.">
land ; Timothy D. Sexton, over a. . ana
Edith Mltchels, over 13, both of Oakland.
Austro-Russian Plan of Reforms
Causes Change in. Turkish Mace
donian Policy.
VIENNA, Oct 28.-Turkey has suspend
ed the demobilization of troops In Mace
donia, according to an official report from
Constantinople. This Is supposed to be on
account of the opposition of the Porte to
the Austro-Russian plan of reforms.
Further conflicts are reported between
Turks and Bulgarians, several being
killed in the Kaetorla district
FORTE'S OPPOSITION
ENDS DEMOBILIZATION
The Promotion Committee announces
that It is about to Issue the first number
of a monthly magazine to be known as
"The California Monthly." It will be de
voted to an exposition of the resources of
California and its first issue will consist
of 5000, many of which will find their
way into European and South American
countries. The magazine will contain no
advertising matter, and will be well Illus
trated. /
A notice has been sent out by the Cali
fornia Promotion Committee to all those
who are financially supporting the great
work of the committee In developing the
resources of the State. Informing them
that they have been made associate mem
bers of the committee. In taking this ac
tion the committee believes tLat a still
closer Interest will be developed and the
associate members" are Invited to call at
headquarters at any time and aid In the
work by making suggestions.
An advisory committee has been
formed, consisting of Governor Pardee
and" representatives from all sections of
the State.
Publication to Be Issued by Associa
tion Will Exploit Resources of \
, California.
PROMOTION COMMITEE
WILL START MAGAZINE
PORTLAND, Or., Oct. 28.— The unusual
spectacle of the explosion of sixty tons
of dynamite in three blasts of twenty
tons each was seen at Bugby Hole, on the
Columbia River, about twenty, miles
above Astoria, Or., to-day. The blasts,
which were fired simultaneously, were ex
ploded for the purpose of securing rock
for the construction of the jetty at the
mouth of the Columbia River. The face
of the bluff for hundreds of feet was torn
away with a shock which shook the earth
for miles around. It is estimated that
100,000 tons of rock were dislodged by the
explosions. So great was the force of the,
explosions that the tracks of the Astoria
and Columbia River Railroad, which run'
near the quarries, were .torn from their
fastenings and the roadbed covered with
a mass of granite, which will take at least
twenty-four hours to remove. Traffic on
that section of the road will "be delayed
for a somewhat longer period.
Terrific Force of the Explosion
Shakes the Earth for Miles .
Around.
SIXTY TONS OF DYNAMITE
GO OFF IN, THREE BLASTS
In the future the sombrero will be the
Junior class hat, Just as the black "plug"
and the white "plug" stand for the senior
and Junior among the men students. No
other class will be allowed to wear the
sombrero and any girl of any other class
caught wearing them will be warned that
she is encroaching. '- Some of the ¦ more
radical of the leaders In - this new move
ment advocated tearing the sombreros
from the heads of their sisters, as the
/nen students do with the "plugs," but
tbe calmer ones prevailed in their advo
cacy of persuasive and pacific measures.
In other words there will be no "rush
ing" unless it is absolutely necessary.
The co-ed Juniors responsible for tbe in
auguration of this new -custom are Miss
Alice M. Phillips, Camllle D. Johnstone,
Miss Ann C. Lee, Miss Flora Frlckstad,
Miss Sibyl Jones, Miss Alice O'Connell and
Miss Esther Bernstein.
BERKELEY, Oct. 28 —The co-ed juniors
of the University of California have de
cided upon the sombrero as the class hat.
It has not decided exactly on the style
and color of the hat. because that will be
done at a meeting next Monday in Hearst
Hall. Some kind of an emblem will be
selected to adorn tbe hat at the same
time. • .
Co-Eds Establish New College Cus
tom That Will Require 'Suasion to
Keep It Going.
JUNIORS ALONE TO WEAR
SOMBREROS ON CAMPUS
The Public Utilities Committee of the
Board of Supervisors will meet this afttr
noon to take action on the petition of
the Geary-street Railway to operate Its
cars for a temporary period from No
vember 6, the date of tbe exDiratlon of
Its franchise, until a new franchise is
granted by the board.. Chairman Braun
hart has consulted with . a prominent at
torney and Is of the opinion that it will
not be necessary to pass a formal reso
lution granting: a temporary permit, but
that it will be sufficient to tacitly allow
the company to continue operating the
line until the new franchise is granted
to the highest bidder, which will be some
time In April. It is aimed to prevent the
surrendering to the company any rights
which mlzht stop the award of a new
franchise under the terms of the charter.
Geary Street Road Permit
' The executive committee of the Thirty
seventh National Encampment, , Grand
Army of the Republic, held Its final ses
sion last 'evening and wound up the af
fairs of the encampment recently held
In this city with a banquet at an uptown
restaurant General George Stone, as
chairman of the committee, welcomed his
colleagues | and the few Invited guests
who had assisted the committee in'achiev
lng the splendid success of tbe encamp
ment. General Shaf ter's report was
most ¦ flattering to th9 committee of gen
eral management. General E. S. Salo
mon, in a splendid .eulogy, present
ed to General Stone a magnificent . Grand
Army badge, with tbe corps badge of his
army corps, set In diamonds. General
Stone responded feelingly.
Henry C. Dibble then piesented a hand
some silver service to .William E. Lutz.
the secretary of the committee, who had
devoted; his tjme and energies to the suc
cess of the encampment for many months
without remuneration. In eulogizing Sec
retary Lutz, Judge Dibble .referred to
Lutz's candidacy for Public Administra
tor'and" said' that- all members of .'the
committee wished him tbe power. to a'd
mlnlster upon their estates, but not the
opportunity.
The following 1 guests *ere present:
Georgo Stone, H. C. Dibble. A. Sbarboro,
W. H. Jordan, J. B. Fuller, Charles li. Bllnn,
Hugh M. Burke, F. E. Beck, T. W. Collins,
J C. Currier, ¦ W. R. Smedberg, C. M. Klnne,
8. Cahen, J. A. Whlteslde. W. R. Shatter, E.
8. Salomon,' 8. J. Loop, Charles Boxton, W.
O Hawley, "William E. 'Lutz. W. R. Hewitt,
Otto F. Schiller, J. F. Burgln and I. Choytiskl.
General George Stone and
E. Lutz Receive Handsome
f <t" Gifts.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 28.— Advices re
ceived at the State Department from un
official sources indicate that there again
has been a change In the sentiment ia the
Colombian Senate respecting the Panama
canal, and there Is a considerable increase
of the strength of the element which is
willing to make terms with the United
States. The agents of the State Depart
ment have found It difficult to make plain
the fact, even to the Colombians, that the
Hay-Herran canal treaty is absolutely
and finally dead and that no act of the
Colombian Senate can resurrect it If
there Is to be anything done in the direc
tion of the Panama canal under United
States control It therefore must be the
result of entirely new negotiations, and
none such ha\*e been instituted.
the Hay-Herran Treaty Is
Dead.
Cannot Be Made to Understand That
COLOMBIANS CHANGE
ATTITUDE TOO LATE
NATIONAL ENCAMPMENT
\ WINDS UP ITS AFFAIRS
g A reception was given Tuesday evening
at -the Fourth Congregational Church to
the Rev. Ernest L. Walz, who bas Just ar
rived In San Francisco and who is .to be
the future 1 pastor of the church.
The Rev. Mr. Walz Is a graduate of the
Columbia University of New York and
the Theological Seminary . of the same
city. . For some years he has devoted his
time to Institutional work In New York
City, and comes to San -Francisco with a
brilliant record.
The reception was given under the man
agement of J. W. Hatch,' who acted as
chairman of a committee composed of
Mrs. W. C. P«ase. Mrs. K. M. Thomas,
Mrs. William Johnson and Mrs. Williams.
The programme arranged for the even
ing consisted of a vocal solo by Frank
Pratt; instrumental solo, Charles Glm
mel; vocal solo, Mrs. Oetzel, and recita
tions by Miss Ida Asman.
At the conclusion of the programme
Mr. Walz addressed the congregation,
thanking the members for their warm re
ception.
Supper was served in the Sunday-school
room by the ladles of tbe church.
The Rev. Ernest L. Walz Is Greeted
........ by Congregation of His .
•¦¦:- •¦- ¦ -v s/> Church. " ¦' *•
NEW PASTOR WARMLY
RECEIVED BY FLOCK
TACOMA, Wash., Oct 2S.— By decision
jtfst rendered by the Commissioner of
the General Land Office, "Samuel Ljchten
staclter is awarded " the patent ' to Im
mensely rich copper' mines covering a
"large . "j>prtlon of • Mount Andrew,^ on
Prince of Wales , Island, Alaika. . Frank
Black and Hugh . Muny'on sought to pre-,
vent Lichtens$adter from securing the
title, charging that he was seeking, it for
the late' Herbert Andrew, a millionaire
tnanufacturer of Sheffield, England, with
whom he had previously been associated
in many mining enterprises. Llchten
stadter has partly developed the property,
but hesitated about making . any large
expenditures for machinery ' and equip
ment pending the settlement of the. title.
The Land Commissioner's decision gives'
him absolute title, holding that Lichten
stadter sought the patent for himself.
Andrew .died -in New York two weeks
ago, while on a visit to this country In
connection with his manufacturing busi
ness. Mount Andrew was named in hia
honor.
Commissioner of General Land Office
Awards Him Patent to Portion
. - ..of Mount Andrew.
RICH COPPER MINES
. GO TO LICHTENSTADTER
Concerning the announcement to the
effect that the United Railroads . would
soon discontinue the exchange of trans
fers with the Geary-street. Park and
Ocean Railroad, the officials of tbe for
mer company said yesterday that the
termination of the long existing relations
between the two companies was in no
way to be construed as a plan of the
larger corporation to acquire the prop
erty of the smaller one.
According to a statement of the repre
sentatives of the United Railroads, when
the latter came Into possession of the
Market-street system it found a transfer
and traffic arrangement existing between
that company and the Geary-street Com
pany which It considered quite one
sided in its character, in that It consid
ered that the Market-street Company
was getting a comparatively small return
for the privileges granted. «¦-
"The fact is," remarked one of the
officials yesterday, ¦ "that more than a
year ago the. United Railroads gave- notice
to the Geary-street Company that the
transfer and traffic arrangement between
the two companies would cease after the
expiration of the minimum time required
for that purpose upon the then existing
contract between the two companies; but
at the request of the Geary-street Com
pany, however, the arrangements then in
existence were permitted to continue In
force In a modified form until November
1. 1903."
United Railroads Loser in Exchange
of Transfers With Geary Street
Line.
NOT GETTING A FATR
RETURN IN TRAFnC
P. H. Chen, a Chinese student who ar
rived in this city on the last trip of the
steamer Siberia, has reported to the po
lice that a wallet containing ?730 in cur
rency was taken from his room at 1214A
Mason street during his absence last
Saturday. Chen, who comes of one of
the foremost families of the Chinese em
pire, came hither to complete his univer
sity course and took quarters at the Cal
ifornia Hotel. About ten days ago he
rented a room, from Mrs. Rothman at
1214A Mason street. Last Saturday he
left the house at 10 a. m. and did not re
turn until the afternoon, when, upon en
tering his room, he found that the money
was missing. During his absence two
men called and asked to be shown a
room. Mrs. Rothman conducted them to
the apartment occupied 'by Chen, as he
had signified his Intention of leaving. It
is supposed that the two strangers saw
the wallet lying on the dresser and pur
loined It. Detective Bailey has been de
tailed on the case and is endeavoring to
locate the men. Mrs. Rothman rents but
two rooms, and no suspicion Is directed
to any one in the house.
Wallet Left Lying on Dresser Dis
appears During Owner's
Absence.
CHINESE STUDENT LOSES
-LARGE SUM OF MONEY
State Land Commissioner Calvert and
Manager Granger of the irrigation com
pany . will leave Tacoma Monday for
Washington to present plans to the Inte
rior Department for approval: ..
TACOMA, Wash., Oct. 28.— The State
of Washington and the Washington Irri
gation Company will Join hands In the ir
rigation of more than 10G.000 acres of the
finest alfalfa, fruit, hops and sugar beet
lands in Central Washington The cor
poration named owns the Sunnyside Irri
gation Canal, now fifty-seven miles long,
and is Irrigating Sunnyside Valley, In
Yakima Co'unty. Its canal Is to be ex
tended sixty miles, reclaiming 56,000 acres
of arid lands set aside for the State under
the Carey, act, together with .as .-much
more land now belonging to the Northern
Pacific Railway and Individual owners.
The State and irrigation company are
allowed, to operate together by the Garber
act, passed by the lest Legislature,
whereby the State may enter into con
tracts with private Individuals or corpo
rations for the irrigation of State lands.
State ¥111 Join With. Private Corpor
ation and Reclaim Thousands
of Acres.
WASHINGTON PBEPABES
TO IRRIGATE ARID LANDS
On next' Monday night Linemen's
Union, No. 151. and Court Columbia, No.
55, will join in entertaining: their numer
ous friend. The', proceeds of the enter
tainment will go to the relatives of Evan
J. Howell, who was fatally Injured while
at work.
iOn November 14 the Steam Laundry
"Vvorkers' •Union will entertain at'a bail
in Eintracht Hall. The proceeds of this
entertainment will be^appliGd to .the sick
relief fund recently established . by this
union, vj ... ., ' .
A per capita tax of 20 cents has been
levied on all bakers belonging to the San
Francisco Union, which j amount will be
forwarded to the 1000 hands formerly em
ployed in the cracker bakeries In Chicago,
but who are. now. out on a strike.
, The butchers now cut on a strike in Los
Angeles have been promised contributions
from. their fellow .unionists in this city.'
The local men in" charge ot the situation
In the southern metropolis 'are determined
to fight to a finish before they yield to
th>' boss biitehers. !>r '¦'':'¦'¦ • . ": :
The first anniversary ball of the Sales
ladies' and Milliners' Union, No. 616,. will
come off at Social Hall, Alcazar building.
The hanJ3omest youns ladles belonging
to the unions have boen selected to take
charge of the ' entertainment Their
names are Miss Rose Oneto, Miss E.
Zecher, . Misa May McLennon, Miss N.
Blel and Mrs. E. Singleton. Miss Carrie
Johnson, Miss C. Meyer, Mrs. L. M. Buer
man. Miss E. Bell, Miss Dcra Schlutius,
Miss M. Thomas, Mis* M. Kennedy and
Mrs.. A. S. Andrews. .
; The second, annual ball of the Drug
Clerks' Union Local No. 431 will be held
to-morrow night in Foresters' Hall, Al
cazar building. It is programmed to give
all who may attend a good time. An ex
cellent band of musio has teen engaged
for the occasion.
_A number of entertainments to be given
by union labor organizations are-sched
uled to take place In the near future.
Many Entertainments ¦ to Occur in
Near Future Are Scheduled
by Organizations.
NEWS NOTES GLEANED
AMONG LABOR UNIONISTS
- The police. In trying to handle tha
crowd, shoved many persons Into the gut
ter, and In Beveral Instances personal
fights were barely averted. . •
Toward noon the crowds gradually
diminished and the panic was allayed to
such an extent that many persons made
new' deposits Instead of withdrawing the
old. . ¦• - ¦. - •'..¦ y/ -f^'^'L/j.
When- as many persons as' could be ac
commodated at one time in. the banking
rooms had 'formed 'in the two' lines further,
admission was refused until eome of the
first-comers had . left by a separate en
trance, then others were admitted and
forced to keep in line and leave as soon
as they .had transacted their business.
By 10 o'clock 'the- crowd around the
building had increased to such an extent
that the police were totally unable to
control It and the officers stationed at
the doors were swept away from "their
stations, almost as rapidly as they could
regain them.'
Women, who, as on ' Tuesday, consti
tuted a large percentage of .the crowd,
were crushed In the Jam, and In the strug
gle their dreseea were torn and their hats
knocked off. - '
CIU>WDS BUSH THE § POLICE.
Owing to the action taken last night
by the officials of the eight trust com
panies doing business in fit Louis re
quiring thirty and sixty day notices of
Intention to withdraw funds, depositors
were .not able to get any j money. All
they could do was to declare their inten
tion of withdrawing their deposits at the
end of the .time- taken advantage of by
the companies under their rules. The
trust companies also decided not to pay
certificates of deposit- before maturity.
The greatest crowd was before the"
doora of the .Mercantile Trust Company.
Locust and Eighth streets were- Jammed
for a distance of several .hundred feet,
and all efforts to' keep thenr -'clear were
practically abandoned, while the police
directed their efforts chiefly toward main
taining some degree of order a£ the doorsl.
At 9 o'clock the doors were opened and
jtba-^crQwd surged In frith a £pre"e that
-s v wet>t.Ssiae..the lines of^pplloe land bank
emr! uyes^-tonned— to' 'pres.<jrV4«^a-'j regular,
line to the windows of the,^paying* teller
of the. »time r arid- open -accounts^ -\ Festus
J. Wade, 1 -.president* /of ¦'/ th^ ;/ Mercantile
Trust Company, mounted a cbair, and an-,
nounced that -unless. the : depositors' formed
in line they "wodld : be" ejected -from the
building, , This had the desired effect and
some semblance of order was restored.
ST. LOUIS, Oct.- 28.-The statement of
President Julius S. Walsh of the Missis
sippi Valley Trust Company, whose senti
ments are echoed in statements given by
other trust company officials of St. Louis-,
that "the situation is thoroughly in hand,
the excitement has subsided and from
this on we expect business will be con
tinued in the usual orderly manner," ex
presses the opinion that seems general
to-night after .the unwonted financial
changes that prevailed here during parts
of yesterday and to-day. Officers of all
the trust companies say that voluntary
offers of help were received from financial
Institutions in New York, Philadelphia,
Chicago. New Orleans, Kansas City.. Bos
ton and many of the smaller towns of
Missouri and Illinois. . but . all were de
clined., for the reason that they had suf
ficient cash with which to handle their
business. Expressions of confidence and
offers of aid on the part of national banks
and other financial institutions . of St.
Louis helped to strengthen the situation
and restore confidence.
Long before 10 o'clock this morning, the
hour of opening, lines of depositors
stretched away from the doors of the
Mississippi Valley Trust Company, the
Lincoln Trust Company, the Mercantile
Trust Company and the Missouri Trust
Company. Small crowds were assembled
before the doors of the other savings
institutions near by. It was observed that
most of those In line were working peo
ple and many of them women, whose
savings were not heavy..
COULD GET NO MONEY.
Officials Issue a Statement Saying
' They Have Situation Well in
; "" Hand and Expect No
More Trouble.
Check the Runs Upon Banks
After a Day of Wild
; ilfc Excitement.
Further advices have 'been received by
the State Department from United States
Minister Powell touching the outbreak of
the revolution, confirming the report of
tbe seizure of the port, of Puerto Plata
by adherents of the late President. Jim-
Inez, who are seeking to overthrow Pres
ident Wos y OIL He makes no mention
of the reported blockade of that port by
the Government warship Independencia
and the incidental turning away of a Cu
ban and an American steamship. The
State Department has" called tbe atten
tion of the Navy. Department to the re
ports of Powell and the Navy Department
will supply the necessary force to pro
tect American Interests. - - '
WASHINGTON, Oct. ».— Acting Secre
tary of the Navy Darling this afternoon
sent orders to the "Norfolk navy yard for
the cruiser Baltimore to proceed forth
wltb to Puerto Plata, Santo Domingo, to
look after American Interests at that
blockaded port. It is believed the Balti
more will leave to-morrow and 'should
arrive at her destination by Tuesday. .,
The police this afternoon put the entire
Bechtel family except the mother under
thorough examination. All denied any
knowledge of how Mabel came to her
death or who placed her body In the
area way under the home on Tuesday
morning. Martha, John and Charles were
discharged after they had been examined.
Thomas was held as a witness before the
Coioner's jury because of supposed blood
stains found on his overalls and in his
room. Eckstein was similarly held. Neither
could get the ball of 51000 asked for. The
mother was not called because of her
hysterical condition.
Eckstein was Miss Bechtel's accepted
lover, though she also received attentions,
from Welsenberg. Eckstein and the girl
were to have been married on November
22, but the' event was recently postponed
until Christmas. They had frequent quar
rels over Weisenberg's attentions, Eck
stein being jealous of him. He had ex
pressed threats to several persons that
he would kill both. It is said he occa
sionally beat' Miss Bechtel severely, and
as recently as last Thursday evening,
when they went to Philadelphia together,
Eckstein was seen to pummel her on one
of the . principal street corners, whence
the trolley leaves for Philadelphia. Be-
. cause .of. this and because Eckstein was
at. the Bechtel home on Monday evening
h.e is being .held. The Bechtel family
¦sided with. Eckstein, preferring him to
Welsenberg as a prospective- member of
their /amily. Welsenberg wasnot allowed
to enter the Bechtel homeland In the
year and a half that he courted the girl
he never did so in her own home. They
met on the street and went , to public
'places together..
Police Sergeant j£nauss returned to Al
lentown from New York to-day with
. Weisenberg. The, latter gave -ardetailed
statement of his movements., . since -Sunr
day, which was corroborated"fullyv "He
had not seen the girl since Sunday even
ing; then he met her by appointment on
\Ftrst street, when she had ju^t.lefL Eik-,
: stein,, at-fche next corner. v_ '-M'-^'T '"'¦'* >*,'>. ;•.'£'
Thieipblfce. do. not cr'e£it r ''Mrs. Bechtel's
isHory tfiat she* saW a*<arriage draw, tip'- at
i the rear of thgCholne at 1 o'clock Tuesday;
morning and .that. two\men; carried a dark
qbject^lntP an adjoining yard, nor her
; story, Uh.a.t - the girl left f or^ a . drive . with
Weisenberg on \ Monday mornfng. . L They
incline to the belief that the girl, was not
away from home on Monday; that a fam
ily row occurred In view of the girl's sup
posed duplicity to Eckstein and her at
tachment for Welsenberg; that a blow
struck in anger may have been more Be-;,
vere than was Intended, and that the
girl's murder was thus accomplished and
the body disposed of as found, the story
being concocted as related by, the mother.
ALLENTOWN.- Pa., Oct. 28.— With Da
vid Welsenberg under $500 ball, supplied
by Congressman Kline, arid with Mabel
H.' BechteL's brother Thomas and Alfred
Eckstein, her^ accredited lover, locked up
In a police station cell, the Allentown po
lice are resting their work on the- murder
case of yesterday morning until Coroner
Schelrer'a Jury meets to-morrow evening.
.The mystery '• Is still, practically un
solved, except that Indications point to a
family quarrel, in which Eckstein may
have participated, as he admits he was at
MIsb Bechtel's home on Monday evening
for an hour and a half. Because Mrs.
Bechtel had said her daughter had left
for a drive on Monday morning at 9
o'clock efforts Were made to trace , the
girl's movements away from home.
-Rumors that she was at a roadhouse near
the city were found to be groundless, and
the police do not believe the girl was
away from home at all on Monday. Her
brothers, Thomas, John and Charles, say
they did not see her on that day, and bo
says her sister Martha.
The father became suspicious some
time ago, when tbe young man demanded
money. How much he secured the old
man .will not tell, but he notified tbe po
lice of the Imposition to-day. The alleged
son Is supposed to be an Italian. It la
believed that he met the lost son of the
Hechtman s in his travels and learned all
the history of his lifo from him. The
scar was faked.
PORTLAND, Or.. Oct. 28.— Marcus
Hechtman, who. passed himself off as the
long lost son of Benjamin Hechtman, is
said to.be an impostor. Last September
he" walked Into ' Hechtman' s ' second-hand
store and represented himself as his son,
who had dlsapneared fifteen years ago.
The mother and sister took him to their
arms. He said he had been, kidnaped by
a red-hatred woman and taken to Eu
rope, where he learned to be an acrobat.
He would, not tell the names of those who
kidnaped him, saying that he hoped to
take out his revenge on them. His identi
fication was made complete by a scar on
his face.
Special IMspfttch to The OH.
Professor Hilgard subsequently for
warded a quantity of rushes to th« mat
ting factory in Maine, where they were
given a practical trial. They turned out
to be superior In many respects to the
rushes now imported from Japan and
China and the manufacturers were ac
cordingly pleased. A piece of matting—
the first ever woven from American-grown
grass— was received at tba university to
day.
Now that the California rush ba» been
found good for matting the plant Intro
duction bureau of the United States De
partment of Agriculture Is interesting
itself in the subject. Several hundred
roots of the smaller native rush, from
which tbe first matting was made, were
recently sent to Washington by the uni
versity. They will be used for experi
mental culture In various parts of the
United States.
- The experiments with California rushes
were made by Rufus H. Sawyer, manager
of tbe Goodall Matting Company of
Maine, who met Professor Hilgard white
visiting the university and after a visit-*
to Japan. He learned then that California
rushes are being used largely by the
Italians In the vegetable markets of San
Francisco and asked that he be supplied
with samples from the various marshes
in the State.
Berkeley Office San -Francisco Call,
ZUS Center street, Oct. 23.
Tbe way for a new and profitable in
dustry for California has been opened by
Professor E. W. Hllgard. head of the
agricultural college at the University of
California. It is the fanning of the tales
or native rushes of California, which have
been found to make as good mats as those
that have been Imported for years, from
Japan or China. Not only may the rushes
be fanned but capital may Dulld' factories
In California to manufacture matting.
The Crar refers with Dleasure to hl» own
visit to I'arU and to the visit of President
Loubet to St. I'ttersbunr. Russia, continues
the tetter, will firmly pursue the policy of.
peace enunciated in his previously expr*««»<l
views and affirmed by his Initiative in the
bringing about of The Hogrue arbitration court.
He hopes to remain a friend and ally of
France and to co-ot)erate with France In the
peaceful task of securing a happy settlement
of oendins Question* in both the Near Eaet
and the far East. The letter conclude* with
the presentation of the Czarina's compllnv?nts
to President Loubet.
Count Lamsdorn* will give a breakfast
st tbe Hotel Rltz Friday In honor of M.
Delcasse, which will be attended by
prominent French and Russian officials,
including Count Casslnl.
The final event of the visit will take
place Friday evening, when M. Delcasse
will be the host at a dinner, at which the
ladles of the diplomatic corps. Including
Countess Cassini, will be present.
The presence of Cotmt Casslni at the
dinner Is considered to indicate that the
attitude of the United States Is a factor
In the present discussions. Count Cas-
Einl's knowledge of Chinese affairs is also
expected to serve a useful purpose.
A French official In close touch with
M. Delcasse informed the Associated
Press to-night that as a result of the ex
change between M. Delcasse and Count
I^amsdorff France recognized the para
mount importance of the Interests of Rus
ela and Austria in the Balkans and there
fore waives her former objections to rep
resentatives of these countries alone su
pervising the execution of reforms there.
France thus supports the attitude of Rus
sia In the carrying out of these reforms.
The situation in the Far East also was
discussed with the result that the atti
tude of France will not be modified by
the possibility of war between Russian
and Japan.
Though the Czar's letter to President
I»ubet has not yet been made public, the |
Echo de Paris gives the following sum- i
mary of Its contents, which it claims is
correct:
Tbl» evening 1 Prince Ourosof gave a
email and select dinner at the Russian
embassy, which was a ' veritable . love
feast. Among those present were Count
Lexnsdorn*. M. Delc&see; Count Casslnl,
Russian Embassador . at Washington;
Count Beckendorf, Russian Embassador
at L«ondon; M. Murarleff. Russian Minis
ter of Justice; several French officials
And tbe staff of tbe Russian embassy.
Count Lamsdorff Is greatly pleased with
the character of his reception and Is con
f.dent that French feeling toward Russia
is as cordial as ever. He declared he is
here to do everything to show the friend
ship entertained by the Czar for the
French.
PARIS, Oct. 2S.— The* first formal con
ference between Count Lamsdorff and M.
Delcaase occurred at tbe Foreign Office
this afternoon. Tbe Russian Foreign Min
ister remained fully an hour with M. Del
caase. Later th« two statesmen proceed
ed together to tbe Elysee, where President
Ixmbet received Count Lamsdorff, who
gave tbe President of tbe French republic
an autograph letter from the Crar. The
conference at the Elysee lasted over an
hour and ten minutes. t
At 2 o'clock a lucky shift In the wind,
coupled with"' desperate work by the flre
department, resulted in the flames being
brought under control.'
PADUCAH, Ky.'.^Oct. 29.— Fire which
started at 11 o'dock'in the wholeeaie gro
cery store of M. Livingston, at Second
street and Broadway, spread rapidly until
3 o'clock this morning, threatening* the
entire wholesale district. 'The loss in
flicted Is estimated at $250,000. The flames
are now under control. From tbe estab
lishment of Uvlniston & Son the nre
spread to the H. Wellson wholesale, whis
ky house, the Gomarisono Hotel. Michael
Bros.' wholesale saddlery, leaner Bros. 1
drug store and the Western Union .Tele
graph office. All these buildings will' prove
a' total loss.
Diplomats and Loubet Hold
Long Conference at the
Elysee.
American Interests Will Be
Guarded, by Warship
Baltimore.
Wholesale District Threat
ened for a Time With
Total Ruin.
When the Deception 13 Dis
covered He Disappears
From the City.
St. Louis Trust Com
panies Enforce Thirty
Day Rule.
Maine Firm' Successfully Ex
perimente With
Reeds.
Police Believe, prime Was
the Sequel to Family-
Willing^ for Russia and
Austria to Enforce
Balkan Rerform.
Government Takes Note
of the Dominican
Revolution.
California Marsh Tules
Better Than Foreign
Growths.
Brother and Two Suitors
of MabeKBechtel
Suspected/
$250,000.
Paducah Suffers to
Extent of About
Manages for a Time to
) Deceive a Portland
Family.
DEPOSITORS
FAIL TO GET
THEIR COIN
FRANCE WAIVES
HER OBJECTIONS
CRUISER ORDERED
TO PUERTO PLATA
THREE ARRESTED
FOR THE MURDER
FIRE INFLICTS
HEAVY LOSSES
IMPOSTOR POSES
AS A LOST SON
NATIVE RUSHES
MAKE GOOD MATS
THE SA^T iRAKCISCbv CALL, -THTJBSDAYi OCTOBER 29. 1903.
.The hands of w George Hall, an, employe
of ..the American Box .'Factory, were
caught In a buzz saw yesterday afternoon
and badly v mangled. : He waa treated «u
the Emergency Hospital. - -
Injured by a Buzz Saw.
• A IX)NDON ',< Oct. 29 •—The Am erica.n - con
ductor,'Emil Paur, -received a great recep-*
'tion "" last • night .- at v an * orchestr al ? concert
in Hall.',.', The 'critics' this ; morning!
jBlYj? Mjareaeryed^raiss to hlg .wpr^ J^_ ;
Emil Paur Pleases Londoners.
Alfredo < Pucci, who on ' October , 22 was
arrested' on a charge of defrauding an
innkeeper, preferred ; against . him" by. A.;
Giovannoni, sued "Giovarindnl yesterday'
for $2000 damages. He says his arrest was
due to the defendant's maliclousneea.
Sues Giovannoni for DamageB.
iv The ; association } boxing tournament "will
be i held ¦ on ;.' November 43 In Mechanics'
-, The ¦ ¦ regular ' ; monthly v meeting of the
board .will. be. held on of next
Weekr*4^<?iS|^33KSe^SBBHBSirafe£.t ¦; v .••
h St. \ Ignatius ' College has been admitted
to membership in the Pacific Athletic As
sociation.* v The collegre will do represented
on . the - board of : governors by Edward
Haynes./yjf^SaJBHSwHKi '¦¦¦ '
4
ADVERTISEMENTS.
GIVE IT A TRIAL
The next time your stomach
becomes weak and you suffer
from Loss of Appetite, Belching,
Heartburn, Nausea, Cramps, In-
digestion, Dyspepsia or Constipa-
tion, we urge a trial of Hostet-
ter's Stomach Bitters. You'll be
well pleased with the result, be-
cause it positively cures such
complaints. Hundreds of sickly
men and women have testified to
its efficacy. Get the genuine with
our Private Stamp over- the neck
of bottle.
HOSTETTER'S
STOMACH BITTERS.
NEW ADVERTISE M KN T3, .' r .
IS YOTTB COAT DTJSTYrj
You Probably Have the White Scab
of Dandruff on. It.
If your coat or shoulders have a white
dust upon it. the chances are that It Is
from dandruff. The only way to perma-
nently cure dandruff Is to remove- the
cause, which Is a germ. Newbro's Her-
picide kills the germ. Every toilet table
should ' have such a halr-dressins that
contains also the destroyer of the dan-
druff and hair falling germ. It stops all
Irritation, keeps the scalp sweet, pure
and wholesome. Remember that some-
thing claimed to be "Just as good" will
not do the work of genuine Herplcide.
Sold by leading druggists. Send 10c in
stamp* for sample to The Herplcide Co..
Detroit. Mich. >
ARTIFICIAL TEETH AT COST.
We guarantee, to fit the hardest mouths and
furnish . a serviceable, naturaJ-locktnc set of
teeth for the mere cost of material. Teeth
Without Plates a Specialty. Gold. Silver and ,
Bone FilllngsL
Extraction Free. Cleaning Teeth Free.
Painless Methods. Graduates Only.
"Week Days, 9 to 9; Sundays, 9 to 1.
POST-ORADtTATU DE2TTAI. COLI^EQE
' San Francl »co— 3 Taylor Stxe ot.
Oakland — 973 Washington Street.
. Baa Jo«o — ¦ »5 Sut SuU Clara StrutMrs. Clara Foltz, attorney and counselor, has
moved to Mills bldg., 2d floor; entrance rzn. 2.*
The Old Original Indian Basket Store,
628 Post St., cor. Jones, selling out at
cocL Examine our stock before buying.*
General Arthur MacArthur has Issued
the following orders:
First Lieutenant Laurence* Halstead Is
ordered to report to Alcatrax Island, iflrst
Lieutenant Frank R. Curtis . and Second
Lieutenant A. . C. Arnold are , ordered to
report to -Angel Island.
New Army Orders.
Edward ..Trefts, . an employe . of the
Creamery and Dairy Machinery Shops at
34 Main street,' died yesterday morning of
a fractured skull at his home. 1363 Web
ster street. He , attempted ' to board an
Ellis-street car while the car was In mo
tion "and fell to the pavement, striking on
bis head. He was 21 years old.
Killed by a Fall.
Pricei received at the regular semi
monthly auction sale of Easton, Eldridge
& Co. were as follows:
Lot 23x112 feet and three flats, on the south
line of OTarrell Btreet. 87:6. west of Franklin,
for rl8.&00: lot «2:4Hzl37:6 with residence, on
tbe north line of Pine street. 129:0 west of
Pierce, $7350; lot 33x82:6 and two flats, on the
west line of Webster atreet, 120 feet south of
Fulton. $7500; lot 47x78:6 and house, on the
.east eide of Jones street, 47 feet north of Jack
son. <86S0; lot 27:6x127:6 and two-story house,
on the •ouih line of Union, street. 110 west
of Taylor, $4000; lot 25x75 feet and four flats,
on the south side of Shipley street, 100 feet
east of Sixth. $3750; lot 60x120 feet, on the
east line of Forty-fourth avenue, 40 feet south
of B street. $260. and four lota with one house,
on the west side of Whitney street, 60 feet
north of Randall street, $290, $300, $375 and
$1925.
Madison & Burke sold at auction yester
day the realty of the estate of Silas M.
Locke. The sum realized in total for the
several properties was $283,330. The sale
took place at noon at tbe salesroom of
Madison & Burke. A lot on the north line
of Market street, between Powell and Ma
son, with the Improvements, was sold to
A. Aronson, Louis Metzger' and Louis
Schoenberg for $120,750. There were at
least a score of bidders for this piece. A
lot on Eddy street, between Taylor and
Mason. 63:9x137:6 feet, was sold to Gustav
Sutro for $122,000. A lot <m Mission street
and Grand avenue brought $10,000, the im
provements being nominal. An undivided
interest In a lot on Third street, between
Brannan and Townsend. 137:6x160 feet,
was bought by John C. Shipp for $20,000
net.
Sharp Scramble Takes Place for Prop
erty on Market Street When
It Is Under Hammer.
TWO AUCTIONS OF CITY
KEALTY EESTJLT WELL
Among the passengers on the steam
chip Peru, which arrived from Central
American ports yesterday, was John T.
Wright, the well known commission mer
chant of this city, who has been in Guate
mala for several months.
V. P. Hanna, a prominent insurance
man of New Zealand, who has been vis
iting in the East, arrived here yesterday
on his way to the Antipodes.
F. G. Ingram, a wealthy lumberman of
Sydney, Australia, who has been making
a tour of this country, arrived at the
Occidental yesterday on his way home.
J. Jay Nestell, a capitalist of New York
who spends several months each year
fishing and hunting In California, arrived
here yesterday and Is staying at the Pal
ace.
Thomas Derby, . who Is connected with
the company operating Jhe quicksilver
mines at New Almaden, is at the Palace.
Dr. E. B. Perrin of Williams. Ariz.,
Is at the California, having just returned
from Humboldt County, where he Is in
terested in timber lands.
F. Frledlander, a jeweler of Portland,
and his bride are spending their honey
moon at the Palace.
T. F. Dunaway .of Reno, manager of
the Nevada and Oregon Railway, Is at
the Pnlace with his wife.
Ex-Governor Henry T. Gage is at the
Palace.
L. A. Frary. a prominent citizen of lone,
is at the Grand.
State Surveyor General Victor H. Woods
Is at the Lick.
B. F. Brooks, an oil man of Weed, is
at the Palace.
Dr. C. S. Williamson and wife of Chi
cago are registered at the Palace.
George E. McGlnnls and wife of St.
Louis, Mo., are visiting friends In this
city.
E. P. and J. S. Washburn, proprietors
of the Wawona Stage Company, are at
the Palace.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Mrs. Ludmiller Belmont, 27 years old,
died yesterday morning at the residence
of her parents 9 Adair street, from the
effects of an unlawful operation. She
came from Vallejo last Monday and went
to her Darents* home, where she com
plained of being sick. Dr. Lasswell was
called, but the woman was beyond all
cure. Dr. Lasswell Informed Detective
Thomas Gibson that Mrs. Belmont had
admitted to him that she had herself per
formed the operation. When pressed for
an explanation as to why he had not pro
cured a written statement to that effect
from the dying woman he said that she
was too weak to sign a statement. It
is usual in such cases to call in another
physician as a witness, but the Morgue
records do not show that this precaution
had been observed.
Fault.
Dr. Lasswell, Who Was Called in,
States That She Admitted Her
Supreme Judges Return.
The Supreme Court of California con
rlud<*d its seven days' session at Los An
gplfs en last Monday. During the Bit
ting something over eighty cases were
h^ard and disposed of. The full court
was present at al! the proceedings. Chief
Justice Bcatty and Justices MacFaxland,
Ar.gffiottl and Van Dyke arrived in town
yectrrday and the rest of the court Is
*-xpect*nJ back In a few <lays.
MRS. T,TTT»VrTT.T.-E-R BEUffONT
VTcnai of own folly
The petition of the sisters of Arthur
IDavJes to secure his removal as executor
of the will of his late father. Llewellyn
Davits, was heard by Judge Troutt yes
terday. The order heretofore made sus
pendir.g him v.as modified, Davies agree
ing to file an account of his stewardship
¦within five days. The motion of Davies'
attorneys to strike the petition from the
r.:'== ivaE denied, and Troutt also over
ruled his demurrer.
Davies Will File Account.
Insolvent Fanner.
A petition in insolvency was filed In the
United States District Court by George C.
Lauken, a farmer, of Broderick, Tolo
County, liabilities $2953, no assets.
Jake Rauer, the collection agent, se
cured a warrant from Police Judge Cab
anlss yesterday for the arrejt of S. W.
Hoyt on a charge of obtaining money by
false pretenses. He alleges that Hoyt g<*t
$100 from him by representing that he had
money on deposit with the banking flrm
of Bishop & Co.. Honolulu, which was
false. Hoyt represented himself as an at
torney in Honolulu. .
Rauer Says He Was Swindled.
The will of the late Peter J. Tormey of
the Owl Drug Company, who died at
Portland on the 9th lnst., was filed for
probate yesterday. He leaves his entire
estate, which consists of stock in the Owl
Drug Company and the Quaker Drug
Company of Seattle, to his widow and
four children. Each of his children Is to
receive five shares of stock in the local
company and fifty shares In the Seattle
company. The residue goes to the widow.
Rev. Peter S. Casey and J. D. Johnson
are named as executors of the will.
Peter Tormey's Will Is Tiled."
Board of Education Puts One Peda
gogue on Annuity list and Ac
cepts T'vro Resignations.
Miss Lucrezia Burnham was retired j
from active duty as a teacher In the public |
school department at her own request by |
the Board of Education yesterday. Miss
Eurnham has seen twenty-two and a half
years of service and will receive three
fourths of the maximum annuity paid to
retired teachers. !
Leaves of absence were granted to Miss j
I.avir.ia O'Xeill and Mrs. J. H. Phelps. '
The resignations of Mrs. Frank E. j
Dcwd and M. A. Latham were accepted.
Permission was granted to the Alliance
Francalse to use the Lincoln School after
rchool hours to teach the French lan
guage.
The board granted the following teach
er?' certificates: j
High School — Frank L«. Fenten and Edward
Rjiy Zion.
Grammar S^hr-oJ — Mies t*.ur*. E. Simon and
il>B Evelyn Azzrr.r.
Special copkery cerUSc&te of M'.n Dorothy
SiTran renewed.
J?P<*cIjl1 German certificate of Mr*. Sophie j
:¦¦:•¦.-..-: renewed. .
Permanent grammar echocl certificate* — Mrs. \
Ivy bnujrlfc* Ortrom. Mis» Clara B. Carle, and i
Mif* Al'.c* E. Kedon.
The board cited F. Flgone, the scaven
•per of the School Department, and Sec
retary Emery of the Health Board re- !
gsirdlr.g the former's alleged violation of |
•the ordinance governing scavenger wag- j
:
THEEE TEACHEBS BETIEE
FROM SCHOOL DEPARTMENT
Mr. Lynch's predominant character
istic is his sympathetic nature. As one
of his admirers said the other day:
"Henry Lynch has spent the greater por
tion of his time for twenty years hunt
ing Jobs for poor devils out of work. His
heart is so big that I wonder he can car
ry it around. He has earned two or
three fortunes and has given them
away. He stakes his sick friends, hires
doctors for them, takes care of their
families and when they recover provides
them with work. A nobler, more sym
pathetic, more generous fellow doesn't
live than Henry Lynch.
"I remember." this gentleman contin
ued, "a single instance of his generosity,
which is only one of a thousand. "While
he was building the Powell-street road
out near the Presidio one of his laborers
fell by the wayside. This man had a
large family. His name was Kelly and
he lived somewhere down on Tar Flat.
Lynch was busy those days, and he did
not miss Kelly from among his hundreds
of employes until one windy, blustering
afternoon in winter, when, covered with
dirt, he was laying track on Jackson
street hills, a ragged little girl about 6
years old. weeping with cold, accosted
him. .
•The child was half clad, blue and
nearly frozen. She was Kelly's oldest
girl. She had walked three miles in a
driving wind to see Lynch. She told
him, between chatters, that her papa was
sick and that her mother and brothers
and sisters having gone the limit at
the grocery and butcher shop, were
getting perilously near starvation. For
three dfu - s none of them had had a meal.
What did Lynch say to her? Did he
tell her to go away and not bother him,
as most busy men situated as he was
would have done? Not much. The.
devil,' said Lynch, 'this won't do!' He
quit work, wrapped the child in his over
coat, got into his bugfcy and drove her
home. He did this just as a matter of
course and without thinking.
"The' Kelly family had something to
eat that night, you bet. A doctor was
employed and the trouble was over.
Lynch put Kelly back on the payroll and
paid him hisi wages for eight weeks,
though he didn't do a stroke of work the
whole time. The little girl is a woman
now, and has children of her own. Maybe
you think the whole family ain't out
hunting for votes for Henry Lynch.
"Lynch has been doing this sort of
thing- all his life, and you can find hun
dreds of men till over San Francisco who
will knock you down if you say a word
against him. If he Is elected Sheriff I
predict that he will put In his time sign
ing petitions for pardons for the miser
able devils he is compelled to lock up
and paying the rent of the poor families
the courts order him to evict. Ho spends
all his money that way now. and he Is
too old to change. In fact, he has the
largest private pension roll of any man
in San Francisco to-day.
"But it don't make any difference
whether he is elected Sheriff or not. God
will take care of him. A noble fellow like
that Is sure to prosper, and when he
dies he will take his seat In heaven
along with the angels, and don't you for
get It." •
On his return to this city, about 1884,
Mr. Lynch, backed by Thomas Magee,
W. H. Martin. John Ballard and others,
obtained a franchise from the Board of
Supervisors under which he built the
Powell-street cable railway system.
Upon the completion of that road he be
came Its superintendent and general
manager. He continued in that position
until the consolidation with the Market
street company's system; then he was
appointed superintendent of construction
of all the roads owned by that corpora
tion — a position he has since tilled and
now fills under the United Railroads
Company.
As chief engineer of the principal
streetcar system of San Francisco, Mr.
Lynch has built all the extensions of the
Market-street company, including the
San Mateo line, and has thus acquired
a national reputation as a constructor
of urban railways. For years he has
been the largest employer of labor in San
Francisco, and the fact that he is uni
versally loved and respected by all hi3
employes proves that he is a Just, sym
pathetic and upright man.
During the strike on the Sutter-street
car line many years ago he gave several
of the strikers work on the Powell-street
road. In fact, there are men employed
on the Powell-street line to-day who
were put there by Mr. Lynch during this
strike. He has never had a dispute with
his men about hours or wages. Having
worked with his hands all his life, his
heart and sympathies are invariably with
the toilers.
Henry H. Lynch, the Republican can
didate for Sheriff, is an interesting char
acter. He came to California from Wis
consin when a boy of 16. and at first
worked at the carpenter's trade. Later
on he went Into the planing mill busi
ness, and his hands still bear the scars
of several encounters with the knives
and saws of this establishment. About
1876 he entered the employ of General
Thomas H. Williams, father of "Tom"
Williams, the California Jockey Club
magnate. General Williams set him to
reclaiming • his Sacramento River
marshes, and while so engaged Lynch
became an expert dredging engineer.
After the death of Williams he went to
Panama with the late H. B. Slaven and
for two or three years carried on dredg
ing operations under Panama canal con
tracts awarded by the De Lesseps Com
pany.
(Tnm th« "Evtnln* Bulletin." October 21.)
The committee of druggists represented
to Mayor Schmitz that the ordinance Is
unjust, as it would compel the manufac
turers of medicines to make public the
formula used In their preparations to the
detriment of their business. They claimed
that the ordinance was unconstitutional
in that no citizen could be forced to di
vulge the secrets of his trade. They
urged the Mayor to veto the ordinance
and his Honor, being impressed with 'the
arguments put forth, .promised to give
the matter his earnest consideration. He
said he would see the health officials and
ascertain the object of the ordinance and
what abuse It was designed to cure. It
was explained that the ordinance was
aimed at goods preserved by artificial
means, but that Its comprehensive terms
would bring all articles under Its prohibi
tory provisions.
The penalty provided for each violation
of the ordinance is a fine of $500 or im
prisonment In the County Jail for six
months, or by both such fine and Impris
onment.
A delegation of local druggists headed
by S. A. McDonnell and W. A. Searby
waited on Mayor SchmitE yesterday and
strongly protested against the ordinance
passed by the Board of Supervisors at
Its last meeting which requires the plac
ing of labels on packages containing sub
stances, intended for human consumption.
The ordinance is designed to aid In the
enforcement of the provisions of the new
sanitary code recently adopted by the
Board of Health and is now in the hands
of the Mayor for his approval or veto. ;
The druggists are up in arms against
the enacting clause of the ordinance
which makes It a misdemeanor for "any
person, firm or corporation to sell or of
fer for sale or give away any package,
box or bottle containing any drug or sub
stance or fluid intended for human con
sumption, unless such package, box or
bottle have thereon a label showing, in
plain Roman letters, the name and true
quality and ingredients of the contents
thereof."
The board decided to order grade
changes on South Broderick, Tilden and
Lotta streets and Park Hill and Parnas
sus avenues and overruled protests
against the changes.
M. Joyce of the Laborers' Protective
Union appeared before the board in sup
port of its petition that the pay of labor
ers be raised from $2 50 to $3. The Board
of Supervisors had passed the matter up
to" the Beard of Works. Commissioner
Schmltz wanted a motion put fixing the
per diem of laborers at $3, but President
Casey refused to put the motion, saying
he rteslrcd to take the matter up with a
view to having the pay of all laborers. in
the city's employ raised, including those
under the Park Commission.
"If any one -puts a drop of oil In front
of my property I will shoot him down,"
said the irate Blank.
H. U. Jaudln. president of the Point
Lobos Improvement Club, said the pro
testants were obstructionists and declared
that if the street were oiled it would
never be accepted by the city. His side
threatened to have the crossings of the
street bitumlnized, as a protest In that
case would be of no avail. The board
thereupon postponed action for two weeks
in the hope that the opposing property
owners would settle their differences.
The City Engineer was directed to draw
up plans for a sewer to Connect with the
new Flood building at Market and Powell
streets and the Mission-street sewer. The
work is of some magnitude, as the sewer
will be built along Market street and then
under the Market-street sewer and the
cable road at the Fifth-street, crossing
and thence along Fifth street to Mission.
The Market-street sewer is higher than
the basement of the building, which ne
cessitates the adoption of another plan.
Property-owners In the Richmond dis
trict locked horns at yesterday's meeting
of tha Board of Public Works over the
petition of the Point Lobos Improvement
Club that Clement street, from First to
Tenth avenues, be bituminlzed and the
width of sidewalks be reduced by three
feet. M. Kewberry had secured a two
thirds protest against the performance of
the work and asked the board to abandon
the proceedings. After considerable de
bate Newberry stated that his clients fa
vored the treating of Clement street with
oil. This caused angry protests from the
opposition and G. A. Blank became much
excited.
C. I* Wayland was the next witness.
He produced various documents used as
evidence In the case and one concerning
the payment of a freight bill of $1SOO by
the Postmaster of San Francisco on be
half of the Government for the time In
dicators. The witness said that he had
seen eighteen patented devices and the
models In Machen's office, the most of
which devices were much simpler than
the one offered by Richardson and his
associates. One of the time Indicator de
vices could be manufactured and sold at
75 cents. It was the practice and the duty
of the department, he said, to advertise
or Invite bids for patented articles of all
kinds from typewriters down, and there
was no urgency or other reason why the
bids had not been solicited in this case.
The investigation will be resumed at
2 p. m. to-day.
Further testimony was taken yester
day by United States Court Commissioner
Heacock In the matter of the extradition
of James W. Erwln. who was indicted
In Washington, D. C. with A. W. Ma
chen and George W. Beavers for con
spiring to defraud the Government. The
witnesses were Daniel S. Richardson, su
perintendent of the San Francisco post
office, and C. I* Wayland. a postofflce In
spector from Washington, D. C
The examination was conducted by
United States District Attorney Marshall
B. Woodworth on behalf of the Govern
ment. Samuel Knight appeared for Er
wln.
Letters written by Richardson as presi
dent of the Postal Device and Improve
ment Company to Perry Heath and
Messrs. Machen and Beavers, and letters
from them to Richardson In reply, were
introduced In evidence and Identified by.
Richardson. They were all on the sub
ject of the adoption by the Government of
the time Indicator made by Richardson's
company.
President Richardson testified that he
received a letter In 1899 from Perry S.
Heath informing him that the Government
had decided to give the Montague time
indicator device a test. Richardson bad
proposed that the department should equip
2OS9 letter boxes In California with the
improvement at the cost of $4 per box.
On the following January he received an
order from the department for 7000 boxes.
The size of the order surprised him and
he said he did not know why
an order had been given for 7000 when
the'order for only 20S9 had been solicited.
In February, 1900, the witness had sent
some stock In the Postal Device and Im
provement Company to Machen and
Beavers as a gift. The witness explained
that the price of $4 for each of the small
est sized devices had been fixed, based
upon the cost of manufacture, the freight
and the expense of attaching the Indi
cators to the boxes. It was found that
the price was inadequate and it was
raised to $4, $4 50 and $5 for the different
sizes.
In response* to searching inquiries of
Mr. Woodworth Richardson admittted
that the Government had paid all the
freight In addition to the Increased price
on the boxes. The Government also had
paid the cost of attaching the devices to
the boxes in all places outside of San
Francisco. The cost of the attachments
in this city was defrayed by the Rich
ardson company. He admitted also that
there was no reason of urgency why the
devices should have been purchased with
out bids having been asked for. Out of
the sale of the 7000 boxes Richardson and
h's company received from the Govern
ment about $30,000. he said.
In July, 1903. his company received an
order from the department for 10,000 more
boxes, but the order was rescinded before
the company had had time to fill it. In
June. 1903, the witness wrote certain de
tails about which It was necessary for
him and his company to have an under
standing with the department, and he
gave the letter to Mr. Erwln with the
request tha.t he should show It to Mr.
Machen.
Auditor Baehr In replying to the tardi
ness of the getting out of the fiscal re
port, jays that it is utterly Impossible to
get the figures together in the time al
lotted by the charter. The expert of the
Board - of Supervisors did not finish with
the accounts until long after the first of
September, the date on which the charter
provides that the Auditor's report shall be
ready.
The 'Treasurer of the city holds every
demand of this amount of money, which
the Examiner wants to know what has
become of. All that It has to do is to
examine the official reports of the two of
fices controlling the city's funds and the
truth of -the above statements will be
manifest.
The Auditor's report shows a surplus
of between $30,000 and $40,000 for the last
fiscal year.
The park fund appropriation set aside
the mum of $283,500. An amount of 1315,
677 80 was audited, a sum In excess of the
appropriation,- but the money derived
from taxes and other revenues, along
with the 7 per cent of all taxes provided
by the charter to go to the park fund,
amounted, with the provision, to $322,
700 45,. leaving a surjjlus of over $7000.
The school fund appropriation amounted
to $1,220,000, and., with the surplus amount
ing to $133,451 61. the fund was increased to
$1,358,451 61. The amount audited was
$1,313,017 33. leaving a surplus of over $15,
000. . , - ¦
Net one cent of the above money amount
ing to the sum of $391,670 64 was provided
for by. the Supervisors, showing where
$45,919 04 above the Examiner's alleged
deficit was expended.
The Trocadero Gulch account was ap
propriated in 1900 and set aside by the
Treasurer. From this account $9996 49 was
audited during the last fiscal year.
TREASTTBEB, HOLDS DEMANDS.
Then there is the police relief and pen
sion fund. The Board of Supervisors does
not provide any appropriation for this
fund, but the charter provides that it be
made up from police fines, contributions
from the officers and a certain percentage
of all money derived from, the liquor li
censes Issued by the Police Commission
ers. From this fund $58,068 13 was audited
and paid out.
Loans from what Is known as the Rob
inson bequest fund, for which the sum of
$30,000 was set aside by Robinson for the
keeping up of the Robinson name, ac
counted for the sum of $2375 90. This
amount was drawn out on the demand of
the Mayor and distributed by him to the
charities of the city. The Wlndel bequest
fund, a similar fund, gave to the city
charities the sum of $1561 20. This money
was also drawn out by the Mayor. Every
year the revenues derived from loans
from these two funds are drawn out and
distributed to charity by the Mayor.
A fund known as the special permit
fund and placed on deposit by the con
tractors of the city to Insure their leaving
the streets In perfect condition after the
performing of any work about them,
yielded the sum of $45,025.
Taxes collected erroneously were re
funded to the amount of $4321 21 and from
the surplus fund the sum of $17,713 33 was
paid on all outstanding obligations. From
the fund known as the Teachers' Insti
tute fund, deposited by the school teach
ers of the city In the treasury, was paid
out $246 55 for a purchase for which no
provision was made for.
From the house-moving fund set aside
by the department of electricity the sum
of $674 50 was audited. This money is
provided for from deposits by the house
movers Jn the city treasury to Insure
their leaving the city wires In good con
dition. From a similar fund deposited
to the Board of Public Works the turn
of $3045 was audited. Money refunded for
the overpayment of personal property
taxes, due to the change of tax rates,
amounted to $1134 10.
To begin with, there Is the advertising
fee Item, for which the Board of Super
visors makes no appropriation. On the de
mands of that body the sum of 15839 14
was paid out of the treasury for advertis
ing purposes.' Court orders from the Su
perior Judges, for which no provision Is
made, were Issued to the sum of $2 10. For
the fiscal years of 1901-02 the outstanding
contracts for the construction of streets,
sewers and echoolhouses certified to by
the Auditor and set aside by the Treas
urer, and, of course, not provided for by
the Supervisors, drew on demand from
the treasury $242,802 09.
Auditor Baehr's supporters claim that
the account printed about his auditing
$245,751 57 more than was appropriated by
the Board of Supervisors Is a canard pro
mulgated by the Democratic bosses.
William Brod trick knows well that the
story printed yesterday in reference to
Auditor Baehr's alleged misappropriation
of the city's funds to an amount running
up Into the thousands is filsc. He knows
also that every dollar audited by Mr.
Baehr during the last fiscal year was hon
estly accounted for, and that the Treas
urer holds the Auditor's every demand
for money drawn from the city treasury.
These demands the Treasurer holds, and
they are open for any investigation that
any one wishes to make.
Auditor Baehx does not ask the public
to believe him, but merely to refer to the
report for the last fiscal year.
Just to show what causes the "glaring
discrepancies" referred to, the following
figures were taken from the official report
of the Auditor's office for the year ending
June 30. 1903.
All of the expenditures were within the
appropriations made by the Board of Su
pervisors. There were twenty-one Items
on which money was drawn from the
treasury for which the Supervisors made
no provision. For these Items the sum of
$391,670 &i was audited by the Auditor on
demands from the proper officials. This
amount la far in excess of the alleged de
ticit and more than accounts for the fake
misappropriation which the Examiner has
been howling about.
FEES NOT PROVIDED FOB. _
In reply to the question propounded In
yesterday's Examiner, "Where fcaa that
money gone, Auditor Baehr?" Mr. Baehr
•hows conclusively by his report for the
fiscal year ending June 30, 1903. where the
money has gone, and the figures he pro
duces will bear the most rigid investiga
tion.
The charge Is that Moody withheld from
Mrs. Conroy th«e letter from the depart
ment. His counsel says, however, that he
did not do so, but acted In the transac
tion solely at her own request and with
out any interest whatever in the mat
ter.
.• The letter In question was addressed to
Mrs. Margaret L. Conroy and was from
the Comptroller of the Currency, contaln
• irg a receipt for hei . 'gnature to a claim
• of 53GQ on th? Firs-t AT" . tonal Bank of The
Dalles. Or., of whi.a Moody was an of
. ficr. in the final dividend paid on the
failure of that concern May 6. 1S37.
. According to the indictment the letter
vas passed out by Postmaster Patterson
r.f The Dalles postofSce on the promise of
Moody* that he would readdress it and
send It to the person to whom it was di
rected.
"When seen Moody said:
'"It is an outrage. I am shocked and
mortified beyond expression that such a
charge against me cou'd possibly be made
by a. Grand Jury. It is false and malici
ous, which I will fully show without de
lay. The charge is trumped-up for politi
cal purposes."
PGRTL.AXD. Or., Oct 28.— Th« Federal
Grand Jury to-day returrwd an Indict
ment ar&ir.st Malcolm A.. Moody, former
ir.ember of Congress from, thla State,
citarplns him with withholding from the
person to whom it was addressed a let
ter .alleged to have come into hii posses
sion. Moody has b«en prominent In poli
tics of this State for many years.
Moody was in the United States District
Ccurt this morning with his counsel when
'the. indictment was returned and Imme
diately waived arraignment and at once
entered a plea of not guilty. He asked to
have the case set for trial at the first day
of the trial term. The court released
Mocdy upea his own recognizance with
out ball. .
Touching Story of His Tender Nature
and Generous Impulses.
Exciting Incident Enlivens
Meeting of Board of
Public Works
He Is Accused of Keeping
Letter Addressed to An
other Person.
Object to Placing Names of
Ingredients of Contents
on Packages.
How the Government Was
Made to Pay Freight
on Devices.
Brands Allegation of "That"
Misappropriation as
False.
A Big Heart His Lead
ing Characteristic.
Auditor Baehr Says That
City's Cash Was Spent
Legitimately.
Former Congressman
From Oregon Faces
Serious Ch'arge.
Urge Mayor to Veto Or
dinance Passed by
Supervisors.
Property-Owner Objects
and Threatens to
Shoot.
He Hears Richardson
Tell the Story of
Fraud
SHOWS WHERE
MONEY WENT
ERIN BEFORE
JUDGE HEACOCK
DRUGGISTS VOICE
THEIR PROTEST
HENRY LYNCH'S
AFFECTION FOR
HIS MEN
DOES NOT WANT
STREET OILED
FEDERAL JURY
INDICTS MOODY
THE.SAN FKAK CISCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 29, 1903.
5
ADVEBTISEJCENTS.
XSEBBBBBEEHBBBBBHHB
M
¦
¦
Creditors' 1
Sale of f
Kast's 1
Shoes |
104-110 GEARY ST. |
The highest I
grade shoes |
ever placed on g
sale at re- m
duced prices "
in this city. g
a
ALL §
NEW GOODS I
B
A. JOSEPH, 5
Receiver. J
a
B
Store Opens ¦
9 a.m. ¦
.... ¦
ADVERTISEMENTS.
? 5 ¦¦' ¦¦ ' ' .' mi — c;
San Francisco, Thursday, 29 October, 1903.
a little information
J If you are about to start in search of new Carpets
for your house or flat we ask you to peruse the follow-
ing brief price list with but this one thought in your
mind — "these are Carpets of quality, and they are
guaranteed to be genuine dyed-in-the-yarn goods."
It is unnecessary for you to tell us that these are
not the lowest prices being quoted on Carpets to-
day in San Francisco. We know it. We admit it.
Furthermore, we are proud of it.
But, quality considered and cost of manufac-
ture and handling considered, these prices are rea-
sonable and RIGHT, and no successful house can or
will SELL these goods at anv lower figures and
LIVE.
Smith's "F" Palisade Tap- Roxbury and Stinson 10-
estry Brussels— per «n w * re Tapestry Brussels —
yard /jC per yard &* p#v
Smith's and Higgins' 8- ' ' B est Lb^"' Bigelow and
wire Tapestry Brus- gn Victoria Body Brussels—
sels — per yard OJL per yard tp < sr*
Smith's, Sanford's and * .»pjL»\JtJ
Higgins' 9 ' and 10 wire Best Whittall's and Mid-
I Tapestry Brus- #4 t f\ / dlesex Body Brussels— per
seis- P 7r yard. $1.10 •///;;;;;; $150
Smith's Saxony Axmin- c- - iL > c r j» j
j " v " " Smith s, Sanford s and
sters— per yard **+ ™ Stinson's Velvet tf«1 3C
43I.JJ —per yard..... JU.Dj
Smith's extra Axminsters Bigelow Axminsters— per
~ p "^ < !.::: $1,50 ™±:::::::: $2.00
All Prices Include Sewing, Lining and Laying.
Remember, there is not a printed carpet included
in the above list— nor is there' a single inch of the stuff
on the Breuner carpet floor.
I (Formerly the California Furniture Co.)
957 to 977 Market Street, 5an Francisco
ADVERTISEMENTS. '
j||^CAflTEflS
Positively cured Ijy these
little Pills.
They also relieve Distres3 from Dyspcpsh,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongus
Pain in the Side, TORPID UVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill. \ Small Dose.
Small Price ,
I "King of oB Bo tiled Beers." .
¦ : - Brewed from Bohemian Hops*
I SOLO SVEBVWHESie.
B HILBERT MERCANTILE CO..
U Pacific Coast Acrnta.
AN ARROW
>^ANTAB- M A"
tif MADE IN QUARTER SIZES
fi£T 15 CT3 . £ ACH OR TWO FOR 25 CT3.
*3yJ^CLU£.TT, PEABODY & CO., Makzpu
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE. LNVIUO1U-
tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac aad Special
Tonic for the Sexual Oizar.s. tor both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of th«
Kidneys and Bladder. Sells on Its own mcrlta.
NABER. ALFS te. BRTJXE. Agents.
823 Market »t.. S. T. — <3en<1 for Clrcn!ar».>
POLITICAL CARDS.
For
Mayor
HENRY J. CROCKER
Republican
Nominee
| For Public Administrator!
William E. Lutz
J Republican Nominee |
For Tax Collector '
Edward J.
SMITH
CnSCTJMBENT.) {
Regular Republican Nominee
For Assessor :
IASHIIT01K
Democratic Nomee. •
For Sheriff
Henry H. Lynch
Rebubllcan Nominee
For Sherirr
Peter J. Curtis
Chairman Street Commute* or Praaent Boar*
of Supervisor*.
Democratic Nomine*
Union Labor Party Nomlnt*Fifteen hundred sausage-makers of Chicago have gone
on strike, and the rest of us tremble to think of what the
professional funny men of Porkopolis will do now, for their
daily joke. An original witticism would probably be more
serious , to. the public than i the strike.
Efforts are being made, with some apparent success,* to
induce King Menelik of Abyssinia to grace the St. Louis
Exposition with his . presence. The promoters of the'
scheme are evidently hoping that reports of the fearful ac
tivity of Judge Lynch in the Southern States are either
unknown or discredited in the semi-savage kingdom of the
great black man. .
The individual human life, like the elec
tric current, seeks the line of least resist
ance. All men are prone to take the line
in life on which they can travel with Iea«t
effort. Man, like other animals, is natur
ally averse to exertion not 'Compelled by
immediate necessity. . In other words
man is naturally lazy unless his fore-
Lack of work does turn.men into tramps,
but it does not keep them tramps. The
man and the Job cannot always keep
apart unless the man so wishes. Tha
proof is the fact that thousands of men
have been tramps and are so no longer.
And these men did not owe their escape
from tramphood to anything that any
body did for them. They owed It entirely
to themselves. Taking hla life through,
the average tramp Is such because he
wishes to be— because he falls into the
delusion that It Is easier to beg and steal
than to work. One " of . those economic
lulls known as "bard times" may have set
him to tramping. But when this lull was
over he did not remain a tramp unless
he- wished to.
For one thing, people who are very rich
are often prominent socially. When such
couples fall out the newspapers, eager for
Kcssip am} knowing tbe Interest tbe world
! am not prepared to say, as an un
qualified assertion, that there is more
marital infelicity among rich men than In
other classes of society. But there are
many reasons which might go toward
bearing out the claim.
BT GERTRUDE ATHERTON.
<Author of "The Conqueror," "Senator
North." etc.)
Wealth Matrimonv's Peril.
A Difference.
Judge Oliver Wendell Holmes of Boston
told the other day an anecdote of his
father, the noted poet and physician.
Judge Holmes said that a prolific young
novelist, whose works are now very popu
lar, once consulted his father regarding
his health.
"Perhaps," the young man said, after
narrating his symptoms— "perhaps I write
too much for ray constitution." "
"Not for your constitution," Dr. Holmes
corrested him. "For your reputation."—
Kansas City Journal.
A young Delaware farmer pleaded guilty the other day
to a recent attack upon a Korean Prince who was basking
in the favor of our hospitality. The young fellow's excuse
was that he did not take kindly to the popularity of the
Prince among American girls. It is difficult to understand
why even a Korean' Prince should be punished for the
idiocy of some American females.
Making of Tramps.
Here's the way a Southwest Georgia
brother jubilates: "Fine crops, good
health, the fiddler turning for the dance
an' the gals all willin'!"— Atlanta Consti
tution.
"Well, whatever you call it. ! It keeps
me preachin* ever' night In de week, an
Sunday; but, bless God, it gives me de
finest opportunity in de world fer takln'
up collections. De whole congregation
done gone tcr work en makin' money!"
"Din here vacant law," said Brother
Williame, "is rasin de mischief all roun'J"
"You mean 'vagrant' law."
Bre'r Williams Speaks.
The attorneys that are having such a strenuous time of it
striving to probe into the secrets of the shipbuilding trust
have stumbled upon a mysterious check for $250,000 which
nobody will father, nobody wants and nobody will accept.
It is strange that the lawyers have not accepted these facts
as proof positive that when' this check was issued the treas
ury of the shipbuilding trust was empty. . ' ". .
In a very short time one hundred young Filipinos will
be among us to be educated at our various seats of learn
ing. Each will be given one thousand dollars a year by the
Federal Government while the 'interesting process of edu
cation is in progress. We will thus have before us for some
time living examples of how curiously the loaves and fishes
are distributed by a paternal government, even our own.
A lady visitor at a fashionable resort
on the Main* coast this summer went to
the UnlversaMst church in the place the
first Sunday morning of her stay and
was politely shown to a seat. There was
no hymn book, however, but the occu
pant of the pew behind her reachel over
and placed one in her hands. At the
close of the eervico the visitor turned
around and thanked the person, saying,
as she was to attend that church all
summer; she should like to buy a hymn
book. "Well." eaid the other woman, "I
guees you can have that book if vou'H
give me a pair of black gloves. No. 7."
"Very well," said the visitor. The next
day she went to Portsmouth, purchased
th« No. 7 black gloves for II 50 and <iu!y
received the use of the hymnal in ex
change for them on the followinff Sun
day. Yankee ability at driving a bargain
is by no means extinct,— Boston Herald.
"Canon Barnett. preaching at St. Paul's
Cathedral recently, reflected on the way
In which many human relations had come
to be expressed In war terms," says a
London paper. "There was strife between
labor and capital— a big fight for the
schools — a tariff war— a struggle for su
premacy. It was the noise of our own In
ternal battles which drowned the cries
from the Balkans. He urged that the
fighting spirit was impossible to any one
who accepted the gospel teaching that
power is on the side of love and gentle
ness. It was not for a preacher of Chris
tianity to take sides In any conflict, but
he was bound to condemn everywhere ag
gressiveness—the spirit of arrogance and
intolerance, the suspicion of others' mo
tives, the greed of others' gain and the
desire for master)'. He concluded a pow
erful discourse by asking the great con
gregation before him how any one of
them could dare to call Christ his Lord
and master and then act aggressively,
adopt the fighting spirit, refuse his way
as Impracticable, his policy of giving
gcod for evil as & policy fit for slaves and
his hope of peace on earth as stuff for
dreamers."
\ Va r Talk Everywhere.
Shows Thrift in Church.
Russian newspapers are authority for the assertion that
the Czar will probably attempt to secure from China a modi
fication of the treaty with the United States which insures
to us an open door to Manchurian trade. Russian news
papers should give the Czar the credit of knowing enough
of international politics to understand thoroughly that there
is a vast difference between Japan and the United States and
that we have cultivated a habit of defending our own.
The report of Bristow, the Fourth Assistant Postmaster
General, on the'widespread and rampant frauds in our postal
service covers space equal to eighty columns in an ordinary
newspaper. And no one at all familiar with the facts under
lying the inquiry has had the courage to say that Bristow
used an unnecessary word or needlessly sacrificed a repu
tation. When American office-holders are bad they are bad
on a bisc scale.
"Representative investors of the best class have sent
their agents to buy promising mines, and they arc meeting
with great success. Out of all the numerous properties that
have changed ownership of late there is not one that is
not proving a wise and profitable investment."
If the outsiders can be convinced of the entire accuracy
of these representations, after investigating, the induce
ment to buy Nevada County, quartz ledges will be strong.
The gold output of Nevada County in 1002 was $2,142,740.
Calaveras was the: second county inr gold production in
California, making a record of $2,070,000. "
THE Nevada City Transcript announces that "the in
creased activity in mining circles and the constant
influx of capable and representative mining men to
Nevada County, with their capital, betoken the fact and give
assurance that this section is shortly to experience a min
ing boom of great magnitude — perhaps greater than we
have yet experienced."
Particularizing somewhat the Transcript asserts that,
by reason of the demand for quartz properties, an un
usually large number of claims are under development in the
county on which assessment work only has been performed
previpusly. "Representatives of large capital have been exam
ining and inspecting two of the leading quartz mines in this
locality, and negotiations have been entered intQ for buy
ing them. Several other properties that have not been
worked for years have been examined within the past week
and trial tests of ore have been so satisfactory that there is
a strong probability that they will also soon pass into the
hands of new owners."
It is also asserted by the Transcript that "never in the
histoty of this district has there been such a growing de
mand for mining properties. While local owners of mines
demand, and always obtain, a fair price from outside capi
talists, they have discarded the erroneous policy of some
years ago, when they would double and treble the selling
price whenever prospective buyers approached. Many
moneyed men who are now investing their capital in this
favored mining, section are causing almost unprecedented
activity and are giving a stimulus to the mining industry
of Nevada County, which is increasing daily and has every
indication of developing into a veritable mining boom be
fore the advent of another summer."
'There is room in California for all the gold mines that
can be discovered. No one mine competes with another in
the market. Each furnishes the treasure for the financial
operations of the world, and there is. always a demand for
more. The Transcript vaunts the fact that Nevada County
has for some years enjoyed the reputation of being "the
banner gold-producing county of California," and boasts
that "it is not going to lose its laurels very soon." .
There are always investors to engage in working gold
mines where it can be shown- that profits, will follow.
Every mining investment is naturally a distinct proposition.
Each property is separately scanned. Definite statements
are made by the Transcript concerning the success that
has attended the recent investment in Nevada County
mines. " ,
NEVADA COUNTY MINES.
A nurse in an Eastern city, desperately determined upon
suicide, swallowed a tube of the culture of typhoid bacillus
a few days ago and lived to try self-destruction again. The
lady had evidently trained herself to such a degree of cold
bloodedness that it became an impossibility for hersto con
tract a fever under any circumstance.
It seems that owing to the absence of
the regular foreman of the gang a very
large colored gentleman of the hod and
a very small son of the Emerald Isle had
each taken It upon himself to substitute
the absent boss. A dispute arose between
the two, and It was finally decided that
they hold deadly combat for honors, the
victor to hold the exalted position of
"boss."
Articles of war were drawn up by the
ebony warrior to the effect that the van
quished should cry "sufficient," and then
there should be no doubt as to the oth
er's rights to the laurels. The Irishman
readily consented and hostilities were
opened. For fully ten minutes did the
colored gladiator rain blow after blow
upon his unfortunate adversary, but
listened in vain for the word "sufficient."
At last, entirely exhausted by his exer
tions, the colored giant desisted. Up
jumped his small opponent, and after de
livering a series of blows with a dex
terity that would astonish a French danc
ing master succeeded in calling forth
from his adversary the welcome word
"sufficient."
The crowd that had formed a circle
about the two duellists heard the Irish
man gasp: "Sufficient! Begorra! that's the
wurrd Ol've been troyin' to think av fur
the last hauf hour."
An amusing little incident took place
one day last week on Mission street,
where there was an amount of street re
pairing being done by a gang of work
men.
He Could Not Remember.
The Fish Commission is frequently in
receipt of ridiculous communications from
people of the interior who have rather
a vague Idea of the functions of the bu
reau. A retired merchant from one of
the hill towns, desiring to devote some of
his spare time to the study of zoology,
sent the following letter of inquiry to
Chief Deputy Charles A. Vogelsang:
"I am interested in natural history and
want to get hold of a dear for scientific
purposes. Do you know where I can buy
one? If so, get a good one for me and
express it in a box C. O. D.. together
with a permit for keeping same. One of
the common varieties will do. I will pay
all expenses." , .,
After pondering over the communication
for some time Vogelsang dispatched the
following reply:
"Dears of all kinds are abundant In this
neck of the woods, and If you are not
particular as to color or breed I can eas
ily comply with your request. Most of
them would object, however, to being sent
in a box by express.- If you will agree to
assume the cost of perpetual maintenance
I will promise to send you a dear who
will be useful, both for scientific study
and for housekeeping. I am not author
ized by the laws of the State to issue such
permits as you require, but you may get
one from the County Clerk. I would re
spectfully request that my old friend,
Rev. l, of your town, be employed to
perform the ceremony. I await your re
ply with eagerness."
Desired a Common Dear.
Ixmg fLgc>, in the dim ages, before
houses, before writing, before language,
when men lived in caves and saw all
things in one color, seme primeval human
being found that a great stone, too heavy
to be moved by cheer strength, could be
raised by another method. So he wedged
a long stick between the rock and the
ground, placed another stone under the
stick and then by prepslni? down upon the
other end of the stick easily moved the
ptone, otherwise too heavy to be lifted.
This far-off human or subter-human be
ing, more Ingenious than his fellows, was
utilizing a device now known to engineers
as a lever of the first class. Yet in the
very act of bearing down upon the stick,
the improvised crowbar— In the act of
standing with slightly bent knees— our
primitive engineer was In his own body
calling Into requisition a number of levers
of exact'}' the same kind, all made in the
most perfect manner.
Tber« are a number of pulleys in the
body— muscles which pass through a pul
ley of bone to move certain structures.
The most familiar and the most beautiful
of the*e is the muscle known as the su
"perior oblique muscle of the eye. This
nrusel** is attached to the bony structures
behind the eyeball and extends forward
and upward till it reaches its "pulley,"
then, turning sharply to one tide, it is
buried in th# eyeball. Its action is to ro
tate the eyeball on antra-posterior axis.
Ttie dlgastricus, a muscle in the fore part
of the neck, is also an excellent example
of a "pulley."
The action of the incisor teeth In cut
ting and that of the molars in masti
cating the. food is In strict accordance
with the principle of the scissors and the
grist mill, one etone turning upon an
otherl As to hinges, the body has dozens
of them. The Joint* of the fingers, toes,
knees and elbows are perfect hinges. At
the shoulder and hip are found beautiful
Famples of the "ball and socket," or. as
mechanics call it. the "universal" Joint.
Inclined planes are found in many places,
notably at the wriFt and ankle. Joints. In
the veins, which carry back to the hea-t
blood returning from the tissues, are most
beautiful little trapdoors, which also act
as valves, opening to allow the blopd
stream to move toward the heart, but
closing promptly to prevent "back flow."
Tbe heart Itself Is a marvelous pump for
rather two pumps, for in reality there are
two distinct hearts, whldh, though Joined
together, are quite separate organs), the
aetion of which, with its complex inter
dependence upon many conditions and its
oorapeneatory powers, must be regarded
a* one of the most perfect merchanlsms
in the world, propelling every minute
*-lghty-f our times Its own weight of blood,
finrt to the lungs and then to the tissue!".
Viewed from any standpoint, the human
heart is one of the most wonderful things
known to man. -
The pulley, the lever, the inclined plane,
the hinge, the "universal" Joint, the- scls
*orp. the grindstone, valves, filters, trap
doors, a bellows, a pump, a camera
each one of these devices invented by man
ie but a repetition of the fame mechanism
found in some part cf his own wonder
ful body. No palace or cathedral ever
built has ha<l po puperb an arrangement
of arches and girders as we find la the
"body of man.
No water way on earth is as perfect in
d*rign. as commodious or as popi>l°u* a»
the grc8t thoroughfare of the body, the
blood stream. No sewerage system known
to man begins to equal In complexity or
rffecttvem e? the ingenious methods by
*h!<h the body wastes are removed;
•while the irrigation plants of which we
•grf. <5 O proud are crude in comparison with
the great tubular pjrtem by which the di
gested food is conveyed Into the blood.
•The violin, the trumpet, the grand organ,
tbe Eolian harp— these and many other
musical Instruments are constructed upon
principles utilized in the production of
the human voice. Compared to the ner
vous system of man, the electric tele
graph is fo crude as to be absurd. And it
may be added that even Marconi, with his
wireless tflepraphy— a syBtem of "com
munication without contact" — Is merefy
copying the action of the individual cells
In his own wonderful bratn and nerves.
. We look with admiration upon the great
"inventions of man— the printing press, the
automobile, the typesetting machine, the
giant steamship, the great bridge, the
towering "Fky pcraper." We ppeak of the
originality— the creative power— of man.
But as a matter of fact In ail the Inven
tions of man there is not one little device
¦w hich is not a repetition of some part of
the human body.
• Editor Health Culture Magazine, New York;
Author of ••Comtr.on Disorders." "Physical
Training," 'Fowl Valu* of MeAt." etc.)
Man 1« the acme of the world— the
masterpiece of time. In one cense he may
he regarded as a mr-re speck in the uni
verse—* tiny, biped Insect, clinging to the
surface of a planet which, while great to
him. is one of the least of the countless
spheres which make up the celestial pro
cession. In another and perhaps a truer
sense, however, man may be regarded as
a microcosm of the universe— a repetition
in miniature of all the myriad activities
of the universe— as Victor Hugo 6ald. "An
Infinite little copy of God." For in the
.human body we find activities corre
sponding to all the activities of all the life
forms, plant and animal, in the world.
In the human body Is found the analogue
of every other living thing. There is not
a device Uno/in In all the range of archi
tecture or mechanics which Is not also
found in the human body.
BT TV. R. C. I^ATSON. M. D.
Mechanics of the Body.
Instantly the steward comprehended.
The woman was insane. Stepping quickly
to the barred door of a cell in the Insane
ward, he opened it and said:
"Here is just what you want, madam.
Just step inside and help yourself."
Unsuspectingly the woman stepped into
the narrow cell. The door was banged
to and locked, despite her frantic screams
and efforts to force the door open. The
next day she was sent to Agnews. Such
cases are frequent at the hospital.
The steward interrupted her and told
her the doctor was not in. "I am the
chief steward," he said. "Perhaps I will
do."
"Very well. Indeed." said the woman,
smiling sweetly. "Can I see you pri
vately?"
"Certainly."* answered the steward.
"Step this way/*
Together they walked from the operat
ing-room to the corridor leading Into the
wards. The woman opened her satchel
as she walked away and. turning to the
steward • when they were out of earshot
of the other people in the room, said:
"I am looking for some microbes. My
house" — ,
She was a very tall, well preserved,
finely dressed old woman. When she
walked into the Emergency Hospital in
the basement of the City Hall the at
taches wondered who she was and what
she wanted. She carried* a very large
satchel in her hand, and they surmised
that she was looking for some one who.
they suspected, she feared had b«cn
brought in to the hospital for treatment.
"Could I see the doctor?" she inquired
of the steward. "I am looking"—
THE Los Angeles Express estimates the new citrus
crop of Southern California, barring the frost or
other contingencies, to exceed any heretofore, grown
and shipped from that section of the State by nearly
io,ooo cars. "The crop," it says, "may amount to 37>ooo
cars, and will exceed 35,000 cars.'^ Accepting this estimate
upon such authority, the picturesque suggestion is afforded
that if all the citrus fruits of the southern tier of counties
were to be shipped on one train the imposing array of roll
ing stock necessary to carry it overland would be on the
basis of the lowest figure mentioned more than 300 miles
long.
"Estimated in money," says the Express, '"the addition
will mean to the growers, shippers and the railroad com
panies close to $5,000,000 mqre money than has ever be
fore been circulated in local territory from citrus fruit
production."
The new season will soon begin. Early in November
the earlier fruit will be ready to be moved. The orange
growers are inquiring whether the transportation lines
have the requisite facilities for taking the crop promptly to
market. The Express says that the question cannot, be
answered at this time.
At the Santa Fe headquarters in Los Angeles it is in
sisted that the situation is understood, that due prepara
tion has been made and that the crop movement will be
uninterrupted. "At Southern Pacific headquarters those in
authority are putting on a bold front, but they admit that
it will be an effort to move the fruit." It is estimated that
from the beginning to the end of the season 15,000 cars will
be required. They will be kept in active use.
This announcement cannot fail to prove of great advertis
ing advantage to the resources and climate of Southern Cal
ifornia. The upper end of the State has the same climate.
Oranges are grown successfully hundreds of miles north of
San Francisco. Citrus culture has not been practiced as
extensively in this part of the State as in the south, but the
industry is constantly growing and already has large pro
portions. Very likely in a few years the central and north
ern counties will make as great a seasonal aggregate of
shipments of citrus fruits as the Express now forecasts for
the south in the season at hand. The capacity of widely
separated sections north of Tehachapi to produce fine and
early citrus fruit was demonstrated by the Thanksgiving
citrus fair that was held in this city.
The southerners are not going to rely wholly upon im
posing citrus crop figures to attract the attention of the
world. They have planned to have an acre of growing
orange trees displayed in the grounds surrounding the Cali
fornia State building at the St. Louis Exposition. The
trees will be taken on in tubs, some in flower and some
in bearing, and placed at St. Louis without disturbing the
roots, the tubs containing them being buried. This will
give the idea of a Southern California orange grove in ac
tual bearing and under the customary conditions. As
oranges on trees from California ripened at Chicago, there
is no reason to doubt that citrus fruits, care being taken to
wait for the planting of the tubs until the stormy spring
weather has passed in St. Louis, will mature fully before
the eyes of the cosmopolitan gathering that, will to the
number of millions swarm about the St. Louis Exposition.
The people of the south, as will be seen from these
statements, have no more intention now than they ever had
to hide their resources. They are not putting their light
under a bushel. "
These two whids were politically ingenious. If the bills
were left to raise the presumption that Mr. Oelrichs looked
with favor upon the Mayor, it would help to ingratiate him
into the confidence of the capitalists and business men of
the city. Being ordered down, the excuse was furnished
Tor an appeal to the labor and non-capitalist vote to resent
the insolence of the rich. Mayor Schmitz so well under
stood the political value of the conclusion of the incident
that he referred to it in his speeches, and drew out a let
ter from Mr. Oelrichs to the effect that he knew nothing
about it and cared less. f
Then Mr. Lane's Juminous evening organ entered the
field of prevarication and has held the center of the stage.
It selected a prominent Republican business man and in
vented for him a tumultuous rush into Lane headquarters
to declare his opposition to Mr. Crocker and his intention
to toil tooth and claw for Lane. Though the same gentle
man has been prominent in the ranks of Crocker workers
and has made speeches for him nearly every night, the
sunset organ has not recalled nor corrected its whid, but
has gone on inventing others with a fecundity of falsehood
that would rouse the envy of Ananias. Mr. Lane, who is
a gentleman in his personal way and manner, really ought
to call down his organ or make it blow a little truth on its
bully tin horn.
Then the Examiner, the Beelzebub, the father of liars,
the leviathan of falsehood, the old, original and only Goliath
of slander, has outdone the rest, as was its duty to do. It
has with the scent and eyes of a ferret gone in and out of
every political rat hole in the city, has turned over every
chip, clawed the depths of every garbage pile and come
forth reeking. The contractor for advertising space in the
street cars puts up the card of a Republican candidate, in
the regular course of business, and at once the Examiner
bristles with the incident as proof that the United Railroads
corporation has bought that candidate for the privilege of
using its cars to display his card.
Two men are seen to exchange greetings on the street,
and immediately Lane's organ invents a conversation be
tween them which never took place, and in which only sod
den idiots would engage in public and in hearing of ad
verse parties. That the conversation is immediately de
nied makes no difference. In fact, the two organs vie with
one another in the invention of whids. The lying inventor
of interviews with the Pope, the Queen Regent of Spain
and Mrs. McKinley is not disquieted by exposure. The
enly shame it feels is for' the moderation of its invention.
In its view disgrace does not consist, in being exposed, but
in failing to tell a lie more- deserving of exposure.
From now until the election it may be expected that
Mr. Lane's evening organ will play Sapphira to his morn
ing organ's Ananias. There must be some people, whose
votes may be influenced by lying or these newspapers would
not invest so much ink and ingenuity. in that work. But
there are far more people who are repelled from a cause
that requires such tactics and Uses them, and these will
only gird them with a stouter purpose to rebuke lying and
unfairness by going to the support of Mr. Crocker, who is
the object of this whid campaign.
PERHAPS it may seem too harsh to call the misrep
resentations that are published for political effect
lies. The Scotch have a soft euphemism for that
sort of thing and call it a "whid." The anti-Republican
corners of the present triangular fight in this city have been
the source of many whids.
Early in the banner and streamer campaign of Mayor
Schmitz his brush and paste brigade plastered the Fair
mont Hotel structure with bills, which assured the reader
in large letters that the Mayor is "tried and true." As this
disfiguring of the structure could be only by the assent of
the owner or contractor, immediately the word was glee
fully passed that th.» owner. Kir. Hermann Oelrichs, was
supporting Schmitz, and this rumor heartened the Mayor's
forces for many days. Then the "tried and true" posters
were effaced, arid this begot another whid to the effect
that capital had reared its reptilian head and struck at the
Mayor through his posters.
THE LIES OF THE CAMPAIGN.
I think there will in time be a reaction
from this sort of empty, idle, vain exist
ence. People will tire of it. will see how
little it amounts to and will return to the
"home idea."
Still another- cause of uncongeniallty
among the rich is the absence of family
life. In ordinary homes the husband, wife
and children meet daily at table and else
where and the sweet old-fashioned home
relations maintain. If an outing or good
time of any sort is afoot all the family
participate in it and it becomes a general
merry-making. A Borrow to any member
of the family becomes In like manner a
general grief. Such experiences go to
ward the closer knitting of family ties.
In many rich families, however, the
children are put out of sight. In a nur
sery with a governess or at some fash
ionable boarding-school, and are thus de
prived of any knowledge of what home
life In its truest sense really Is. A multi
tude of social engagements, too, rob the
husband and wife of much of each oth
er's society. How can home exist in such
circumstances? The wife is absorbed In
the duties that throng the path of a wo
man of fashion. The husband's time and
thought are taken up by his business or
his club. Absorbed in diametrically dif
ferent interests, they naturally drift
apart. In the summer the wife goes lo
Newport or to Europe, Her husband
stays at home watching the stock market
and taking advantage of such recreation
as comes his way.
There are, of course, countless excep
tions to this rule. There are many happy
marriages among the rich, many luxuri
ous homes where as true affection reigns
as In less pplendid dwellings.
I have an old-fashioned belief that a
husband and wife shouM be real help
meets; that a husband's business cares
and perplexities should be understood and
shared by his wife: that his business
losses should be her losses and his tri
umphs her triumphs.
Often among the rich this Is not the
cas*. The wife, brought up to wealth and
luxury, gives little heed to the source of
that luxury, nor In what way the riches
that surround her are gained.
She knows little and cares less about
her husband's business affairs. She has
no real sympathy with him in his hard
ships and trials, and in consequence he is
sometimes apt to go elsewhere for appre
ciation and advice. ShouM his fortune be
swept away his wife, who knows nothing
of his frantic efforts to keep that fortune
together for h«»r sake, blames him for
carHess management. If her own money
is also involved in the crash ehe has etill
less sympathy for the man to whom she
attributes the misfortune. All she realizes
is that the one attraction which made him
bearable has been removed. And she
looks elsewhere for the happiness she has
lost.
Another cause Is the manner of life led
by bo many of the very rich. They have
little of real interest to occupy their at
tention. Their lives become idle and va
pid. There Is too much leisure. Where a
poorer woman would be too busily occu
pied with her home and famlliy the wom
an whose home cares are reduced to a
minimum by money has time to become
bored hy her husband or to yearn for
other interests.
Such people are, after all. but human,
and a woman who is forced by her fam
ily's ambition to marry a man for whom
she has no natural inclination or affec
tion is not unlikely later to meet a man
with whom she falls seriously in love.
This is a condition which might perhaps
have been wholly avoided had she- been
bcrn in a less exalted financial sphere and
allowed to choose a husband for herself.
Family fortunes are thus maintained or
raised, sometimes at a cost far greater
than mere money involves.
Foremost, however, among the reasons
for especial matrimonial unhappiness
among the rich (if such unhappinejss real
ly exists to a greater degree than
among the poor) is the "marriage of con
venience." Among people composing the
wealthy set in our large cities marriages
«re oftener matters of policy and desir
ability than the mere outcome of mutual
affection. There Is. in many cases of this
sort, no real love from the very outset.
¦Women marry men of great wealth and
social position because their families are
ambitious and desire to see them well
placed in the world.
It is but natural under such circum
ctaneeg that more or less jar and lack of
congeniality should ensue. Nothing but
an unusual degree of tact can avert such
friction.
¦' ¦ • ' ¦ *
at large takes In the wealthy, st'r up the
dissension, exaggerate it, perhaps, and
flash it in its every phase before the pub
lic. In short, two people's marital differ
ences, which should be sacred to them
alone, become at once public property,
whereas in the case? of the poorer, less
prominent perpons. their private quarrels
KO unnoted. If a millionaire says a sharp
word to his wife in public, columns may
be printed on the subject. If John Smith,
a 112 a week clerk, throws his wife down
stairs the chance? are against his note
worthy act receiving a line of printed
comment.
Just Wanted Some Germs.
A GREAT CITRUS CROP.
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by ths
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main IMS. *
Townsend's California glace fruits and
candles. 50c a pound, in artistic fire
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market St.. above Call bids. •
"But h* ain't cot none th" best uv me
by hen!" rejoined the rural denizen. "I
got every blamed cent uv that air money
from city boarders, b'gosh!"— Chicago
News.
"Well, well!" exclaimed the wise guy
at the county fair, as the aure-thlng man
raked in the old farmer's last cent and
hurrieily disappeared. "Didn't you know
that fellow was a robber?"
"Mgr. Merry del Val, whose appoint
ment to the post of papal secretary of
state has just been announced, is tha first
occupant of that post fwhich is virtually
that of the Prime Minister of the- papacy)
who has achieved distinction as a football
player, and who is able to talk English
without any trace of a foreign accent.'*
says the Marquise do Fontenoy. "He wa3
not only born in England, but likewise
received his early education at the Col
lege of Stonyhurst. where he left a nama
for himself In connection with his prowes*
in the football field. It is not his mother,
but his grandmother, who was English,
his mother having been, like himself, a
Spaniard.
"The Merry del Vals have always been
high In favor at the court of Madrid, one
of them, indeed, having been the tutnr of
young King. Alfonso, so that the present
dynasty in Spain will, as long as the new
papal secretary of state remains in office,
bfi able to rely upon a continuance of that
powerful support by the Vatican which it
enjoyed throushout the reign of Leo XIII.
Mgr. Merry del Val has on several occa
sions visited the United States. . But it is
difficult to speak with any degree of cer
tainty concerning his sentiments toward
this country, since he canppt have re
mained indifferent to the strong protest
on the part of a certain element of the
American prelacy at the time when there
was a talk of his appointment to the post
of,- papal delegate at "Washington. In
deed, his name was withdrawn Ip conse
quence of these objections."
An Athletic Cardinal.
THE GREAT EASTERN-Subscriber,
City. The steamer Great Eastern was
an iron vessel.
McGOVERN-S., City. The first record
of a fight In which Terry McGovern was
a principal is with Frank Barnes in 1837,
when he won in ten rounds.
FISH COMMISSJONER-G. TV, M..
Ferndale. Cal. Any communication in
tended for Fish Commissioner A. Pala
dlni will reach him if addressed to tha
Fish Commission, Mills building, San
Francisco, Cal.
TARANTULAS-E. N. W.. Merced. Cal.
Tarantulas may be preserved In pure alco
hol, and they may also be preserved by
Injecting into the body a small quantity of
a strong solution of corrosive sublimate, a,
deadly poison which should be used with
great care. The tarantula is spread out
in the position it is desired and allowed ta
become nun dried.
SAVINGS BANKS— C. M.. Hamilton.
Nev. To ascertain the reliability of the
different savings banks of the United
States you would have to open a corre
spondence with the Bank Commissioner
of each State. Or If you desire to know
about any particular banks, the commer
cial agencies can furnish that informa
tion.
BAILMENT-Enq.. City. Bailment in
law is distinguished from a sale in this,
that if the. Identical thing delivered is to
be restored. -though in an altered form,
it is a bailment, but when th^ recoivrr is
at liberty to return another thing of equal
value it Is a sale. In the second case, by
delivery, the title passes, but in the first
it is not. '
PURCHASING PROPERTY— A. R. S..
City. If a married woman has money in
her own right she is at liberty to purchase
property with it if she des!re3. If her hun
band owns real estate In his own right,
not community property, she can pur
chase it from him and when title passes
the property is not liable for debts of
the husband, provided there wa3 no frau<i
in the transaction.
PARKS— Subscriber and Others. City.
Following Is the acreage of the prominent
parks In the world: Falrmount Park,
Philadelphia, 2740 acres; Bois de Vln
cennes, 2073; Bois de Boulogne, 2000; Phoe
nix Park, 2000; Prater Gardens, Vienna.
1500; Golden Gate Park. 1004; Central Park,
863; Jackson Park, Chicago. 800; Eden
Park. Cincinnati, 207; Forest Park. St.
Louis, 1270; Hyde Park with Kensington
Gardens. London, 59S; Regents Park. Lon
don. 472; Victoria Park. Ixmdon. 300; Pro»
pect Park, Brooklyn. 515; Druids' Hall
Park. Baltimore. 600: Thler Garten. Ber
lin, 200; the English Garden. Munich, 5*to,
The Yellowstone Park contains 3575 squar©
miles: North Park, in Colorado. 2o<X>
square miles; Middle Park. Colo.. ZT4Q
square miles; Estes Park. Colo.. 8 milot
long. 4 wide: South Park, Colo.. 50 milas
long. 10 miles wide, and San Luis Park*
Colo.. 1S.000 square miles.
'Answer to Queries.
I don't keer ef it's -winter
Dat com* ter take de town;
'Taters in de ashes
' En de Chilian settln* round;
En thankful fer de bUssln's
De good Lawd ralnin' down!
—Atlanta Constitution.
In Solid Comfort.
sight teach him and his will impel him to
be industrious.
Civilization doea not produce the habit
ual tramp or sturdy beggar. He exist*
in civilization because it Is* too falsely
humane to compel him to werk or starve,
as savagery does. And it is a perversion
of philanthropy to hold that the tramp, or
any other human being, is entitled to any
place in civilization other than what hl»
will to work can achieve. Work is the
law of life.— Chicago Inter Ocean.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER ,29, 1903.
THE-' SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor ........ .Address AH Commutations to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Office .••• <3^§ife> Third and Market Streets, S. F.
THURSDAY •• •••• ...OCTOBER 29, 1503
6
INSTRUCTIVE STUDIES
BY NOTED MEN AND
WOMEN
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMESEXPZJIBIT UBE OF MONEY.
Le*kia<? cat fcr the wtlfar* cf a rmtlemaa
I whom I may say I am related to. Mr. Heary
j J. Crocker. «"Lau«hter.> t have looked nut for
J that maa, and I know that h!» motto has been
that of integrity. I know that tf h* has been
successful tt ha* h«*n because he never left
i job until h* got another one; and h« never
left that other Job in his \l?9 tiatil he knew
I he waa p?tn? to jjet a better on*. T!ii# fs th«
j first time In my life that I hav* been oat of
t employment This Is the first tisie that I hav*
closed cy d*ak aad come befor* ym seekia?
emjloyment f»r the jnod nf th<i city of Salt
Francisco. (Great applanse. i I wish to say.
I ladles and jenrlemen. that If you wtll employ
m« I will giTe you every moment of my time;
I will *iv» y*n that time as I hav» given ft to
my own iffair«: and I. tn h--incr of tha irreatuesi
you hav* conlffrred asw me. wt!T !>> li efaca
( that which ti* best eitiiens of this < city wish.
I will attend t* her tater-sts in a naan«r that
i will b* as f*r *s possible above reproach. Oax
I caauct pieaa* every one; h* c*n only pl»35» th*
mass of the peocle; aad If I am Intrasted wtta
th* administration of this city r sha.IT dn tt far
! on* and all. 1 am for no class lectilatiotr. I
I *m act ectaciied fcy any carry lines when tt
cora«s ta municipal »=vernment. I beli-v* fn.
treatinc th* workinjmaa -with th* same treat
| raer.t that their ¦oniatis wwitd gtn them, soni*
j tJhtocm that Is just and Draper. I b*li*v» ta
j stviaa- ta thj» p«op{* of S»n Frineisco. no mat- ;
' ter what thetr party i*. an *«nal di?trilrati'?n.
1 of rights. (Applaase.y I b*Ili»v* that tn haad
t Ting the cfvt-r affairs I shall in what p*opl»
I have been dotn* fcr tb* laat nv* or stx years- j
I don't ¦rpeal to aay p«rticalar man er »et
of m*n. E^erythJnar I h*T«. er-ry day's wcrte
I hara done has beea done la thia %' -r ¦-¦>:,» efty
cf 5an rraaeiscrj. If I ha-»-e fc«en aocccssfat. ti
13 bec«ns* I tar» worked for tt- t &**• al
ways mad* tt \ poiat to icaiu g^od. I b*t*
Iearaed a great d**l. I haf* w^rkM baM aad
Laid a-araie aijats. Toa see by ciy far* that I
aai a aiaa woo works hard. 1 asx ctxt far sse
r«sa. I am perfectly wtlSlaa* to do wSat ta*
people, of tfem Cld World *?. aad taat t». a^»*
rwo cr thr** rears of thetr lt*»s »-> tlsetr ecrxa
try. I aai r»rfe<rtly wiliSa:? trt ciaa* nry desk
and accert ta« hener of th* oC&e* ef Mayor.
aad ta atake «oe<i ti tft* cerpf* <vt 3aa Fraa
cisco acy pfed?*s I fcav* made. VTaat p!edy*a
I haT* aiade have b«es aade aolely and itsr
iTitefy ta Us* B"P«fattCTt nt S*a Fraacisro aad
not to aay r«»a or aay set cf men. No ntaa
itarnis behind m* and tmr%*. "After yra »e*
the Mayer, •«« n»." I k»w act wit anybody
Uie that. I pled** yoa. »*ntleisen. that I eaa.
afferd to elm* my d«k. after tit* rreat good
the eity has dace ts». acd «1t* you *n hon*»t
adaiiaistratioR. I am r«ady to stand by t.v»
charter y*o DeopI* hav* adopted. I wUl gt»»
you Csos;l«.«iio»ri fma yoor ranks: I ara
r«ady to rtr* y*a th* rl^ht maa as Commis
sioner. I wtll give ycu men who ar* without
political sqS and who do not be!>-?« tn eiaav
leftslatfcn. Tfeat hi what I propose- tt> do aad
these ar* th* ociy p{ed»es I mai".
I r*a!ii* what tt is ta sacreed ta life. I tar*
been criticized. Slttrs have been cast upen a*
by til* pr««s. and yet. desptte all th* «rltictsta».
I hav» gtma thfjoah this -Tar-.p^ii-. ssseatthed.
My record S.i* b«en aa teonerabl* es* aad I
can say thefr rrizldstum won't etici.
What haT» I don* to deserr* tie fecner ef
beis* nominated Mayor cf this eiry? r tar*
b*ta a maa e* iatuirity asd wf «asdhi» tn
this ecaiaiaiJity. WTsat do I prac"— to da far
you tT I aa •lerted? I rr*ce«» to »1t» yea
the us* of my s*5cd rtrht ana and nty braia.
I beller* ta sntcn later, but I don't belter* ta
eiass legislation, a fair nua does aot wist
th* best fit tt. Be wxaxs yen to ?*.t- htm A :i
be ts entitled ta aad h« will aot ask far per*.
These are my polities. I have cot written a
•i.-.sl? rVsr acainst aay caadidste ta this con
test. If I can't wta ca ties" tssaes I ¦»'." gt>
to aaother peoul* and say. try acata. Them :
ar» my polttlea. I seek you to t+re m* emytay- ;
meat for ta« next two years. (Applasse.)
Mr. Crocker moved throoyh the thrirae. j
giving Kndly rreetirgs to the men and j
receiving- thea In return. Many of his ;
buttons were siren away and many are j
cow toeing worn by the worklnsraen-
mud slinking- and would not stoop to such
tactics. He said he would win the £*ht
fairly and squarely, otherwise he did not
want the office. In part he said:
For the first tlrn« tt twesty-«tx years I ia
cat of a pc«itiea. I hare beea workim for
twenty-six y^ars. I consteaced at lisa lowest
grade- that a r?%n could e»?niitsenc« a£. I was
told, by iny fatter that I wobM bar* to e*ra
my own li-rfct*. h» had den* tt aal J bad to
da It. Tor ti* Erst time tn t-w-nty-«tx years
I ha»e no work to do. For twenty-six years
I have b«eri seeking employment. I bars beea
takis* pesitiors. but I have never left a pesi
tien ta ray life on til I got anetaer eee. and I
never took cue a=!«ss I tack one a UttI* better
t&ari tie en* I left.
Now. g-ctiemea. I am em of a praitiea aad
I »m now «e*kl=y ern^toyment. Sfy erfSce t3
ctca«ri aad I am ent h«re in t!&* streets i«ek-
Isg »cnietSta« to "la. I don't want t<> do tt f.je
a class; I >Joa't want to do It for may political
J party: I want to wr;r* fcr the wenten aail
: otsniren and for the wade p*cp{s at San F>aa
{ Cisco.
To Flash News
From Dome of
Call Building
NEXT Tuesday evening
the results cf tha mu
nicipal election -will be
signaled frcn the dome of The
Call building-, so that the ne-sra
wUl b« kno-arn at the earliest
opportunity to citizens in
every part of the city.
If Henry - J. Crocker, the
Bepublican candidate, is elect
ed, red lights and rockets
will announce it.
If Eugene E. "Schmitz, tha
Union. I-abcr leader, is victori
ous, gTeen flares and rockets -will
illuminate the sky.
If Franklin K. Lane, tha
Democratic ncmir.ee, i3 declared
the choice of the voters, white
signals "Brill be set off.
Remember the eoler cf the
signals:
CROCKER RED
SCHMTTZ GREEX
LANE WHITE
A stereopticon •will thro-w re
turns for the entire municipal
ticket upon a •white screen, in
front of The Call building and
a rapid service cf bulletins -will
convey tha results of the elec
tion to the people.
HENRY J. CROCKER'S elec
tion to the cSce of Mayor is
now positively assured as a
• Democratic evening- paper
presents th* ann Duncement
that Asa R. Wells and B. P.
Flint are oppceed to bin*. There Is no
greater hoodoo on th* political pike than
Asa R. Weils, unless It be B. P. Flint.
Each made a miserable failure ss a can
didate for Mayor and became the laugh
ing- stock of the town. How the eld Bul
letin resurrected them Is past ftndto? out. I
Twenty-C»e years ayo Flint ran for
Mayor ayainst Rev. I. S. KaHoch and was
beaten otit of stg-fat. He gat the nomina
tion "as Bradford P. Flint. Th-« praises
of "Brad Flint" were sungr by the bosses
until the Chronicle discovered that his j
true name was Brilsford P. Flint, and
thea th* town laughed "Brtl" cut of the
race.
It was an amusJnf fncid*nt of th* cam
paign for Mayor in 1501 that Wells, who
got the Republican nonilnaticn frora the
bosses, went to Herrin and threatened to
withdraw am a candidate for Mayor if
Flint, who had been slated for Super
visor and subsequently turned down, was
not put on the ticket. "When Wells made
the "bluff" Herrfn, . who had by that
this city falls into th* hands of such appoint
ments as hav» recently ~te*n made that w» vtll
b*> a. long -mil e Ting population, because we will
b<» b*yonii h«Ipfn* ourselves. I say that If I
am elected I wtll appoint ccrnaalssioners that
shall at least be tae beat that I c*a secure,
t Applause.) I say. as I k* 7 * »*«i * a South
Saa Franciaco and thoe* plac*s. that t can
speak tir th* child ef stx months and for the
man a.r.i woman who look with prld* tnion
thetr offsprtng: I can say that *T*rt the chil
dren ar<- sotnar to be beneateil hy thJa teond
iasu*. fcecaaue they ar» sotivs tr> have Un
envetj sanitary enndttiena in wra* par*j of
this city where the death rate wtu not b* as
great as it is now. < Applause. > We need
rood public school*. fRwiewe.1 applaase.) W«
n**d good parks fcr fcreatfclnz places fcr the
children, and we need a stcW administration.
that shall te harmoni'-xis fn the City Hall.
Ladles and ir«3tlem-n. if I am elected to th*
ofjic* of Mayor you h»»» heard tT-ni)?ht all
the please* I have tTee mail* ta cet tttat ar
ffxe. I thank yea.
General Salomon, candidate for District
Attorney, addressed th* assembled voters
In English and German and won a zreat
many plaudits by his eloquent remarks-
He spoke of th* part played in th* his
tory of th* country by the German citi
zens and he paid a tribute to Colonel
V.'Ieiiek*. president of the organization,
under whose auspices the meeting was
held. General Salomon spoke for the
ticket, as wen a* himself, and appealed
to the voters to march shoulder to
shoulder to the ballot box on November
3 and vote for Henry J. Crocker And the
rest cf the ticket.
CROCKEB AT MATT* DOCK.
Speeches were also made by Percy V.
Lens, candidate for City Attorney:
Julius Kahn. William E. Lutz and other
candidates. Robert Lorentz created a
sreat deaj of raerriment by hi3 German
sonys on the campaign. The meeting
wa3 highly saccessfnl. After It was over
many Germans came forward and prom
ised Mr. Crocker their support.
r dVnces which at first wer% cpenly ansaz>
j cnistlc he succeeded tn ¦t"'!?;iy favor.
! and his clcsing- sentences wer* sreeted
I with protonsed applause.
Both xneetinx? ti tie begrnrtrtaj imZA
Iar?e ntrmbers of aes. wocen aad chO
irra. who delighted In artacrptira/ to «as
barraas thd pr^n— Inary speakers wtti>
cries for epposiny candidates. As tieu
e Carts proved measurably soccessful
they continued the eperaSon as succeed
ing speakers appeared. "When Henry J.
Crcckar came to the frrrnt cf tie ptatforas
they attempted to greet kha ts. th* sa=a
manner, but he BpeedHy disarmed t£e=»
with a ready smile and a few remarks ta
commendatlcn cf his opp»nents. 3» tsU
them he "was friendly with both eppctinar
candidates for Mayor and had nrxhfi3«: ta
;ay a«^inst theia- Then t» fav» thjta a
straistt. martly talk and the partS3az»
couM be seen and heard nnda-tEjr auk&
[ whispertng- to each other, "Say. hV» all
> ri^htr-
Practically, h» made the sama ad2ra««
-¦ at each raeetiny. He told them, thai his
S education had been obtained ta. tha pci
j lie scnccls of Saa Francisco, wfeers- h«
| learned that every *nan in th» Usital
States was entitled ta fair ptay and a pb
sp«ctful fa-e*rtn«. H» beil*?r-d that tha
peblie ffcheols were the greatest factar of
our sovemm-ental fcatirutJcns ta ctvins
the citixens cf our country m. ji'c^^av
j fcwwtedje to view Questions for thara
| selves. Consetjnently h« wacid do all ti
I his power when elected Maysr to sea tha
; the n-fftected school districts ef tha dtj?
| had proper facilities for dissemina'mr
¦ edaeation.
He said that twesty-thr-a ysars ay> ta
was sent into the world by his father to
make his own way and whatarer meas
ure of prosperity c« had attained was 4sa
to the training he had received ta. Saa
; Francisco. He had made his watchword
-persona! Integrity and had found It pai^
in ccriness. He t*uwz*tt h« could cake I:
pay tn polities. He promised that If ba
time realized that Weils was a failure as
a candidate, signified that the withdrawal
would be asrr?i»ai!te. Flint was net put
on the ticket and Wells did nut ret cff.
The Bulletin has saddled both of them
on Lane. Poor Lane!
The stsry to the effect that Horace
Davis. James B. Stetson. F". \V. Dohr
masc and. other citizens ar* opposing
Mr. Crocker's candidacy 13 utterly false.
One denial is sufflcieat fcr ail.
Speaking- to a representative cf The Call
last Eisfct James B. Steison said:
~I read the artleie in the Bulletin; to
night and v&3 not at ail surprised- Any
pap*r can print an article like thai. Yotz
notice they said it is known that I had
come out for Lane. They did not say
that I had niad* any statement. I have
just returned frosi the country and ha.v©
said nothing; to- any one about my political
intentions. I da not think it rijht that
I shodd have to ten how I shall vote.
"I am a Republican and do not Intend
to vote for Lane. I have my ticket all
marked. I intend to vets for Mr.
Crocker."
Lewis Gerstle Is mentioned fa the Bul
letin as one of the prominent citizens
supporting- th* candidacy of Franklin K-
Lanc. Mr. Gerstle was an honored, and
influential citizen. He dl&z November 13.
13C2, and thousands of p>-op!* lamented
his deaih. HI» g^rrt^tzz amf^Iis reyar-3
the aUasiou Is. the BBlIetirt aa extr»ni-iy
d?p!orabl#.
Satrrrday eTerlu^ Heer7 J. Crrtier «=d
an tli« carrdldatfs win be escorted by R»
pnalicaa orsasiratlons aad friends alen*
MarStec street, frcra New Jlonrsmaery ta
Ninth. Captain R. P. Huriburt wC mar
shal ti» rarade. A. E. Ca3t!« w~d b«
chief of staff. F. P. Nicholas, president
cf th« Henry J. Crocker Worimg
raen's Iv»ayn*. ha3 teen selectsd as eni*f
aid and Us* vstaran. ColcccI Tsor-aj F.
CXXeCL will be ta command cf th*
Crocker Roc^Ii Eiders, mormted. Tn»
Un» wtn form at i£ark«c asc! N-w Jlsct
ffomery streets. AH candidates, clnba. cr-
and friends desirtn«r to nam»
atds to the marshal are requested w send
the names at cscs to tie fceadq^arter*.
1* Geary Btntt
Mr. Crocker and other ipeaJcers wiH ad
4res3 the people at Tariocs p- .- :s mltrzx
the route.
Henry J. Cracker is stUI tie favorite ia
the betting on tie result of ti« eleetlca.
Lane'3 pesitien ta the race ts pretty w»n
Indicated by an advertisement cf Fnz'<
A. Darcux & Cc. The bettlna; camsia
•toners announce that they hav» c:co ta
wa?« at eveas that Franklin K. Las»
wCl not bn better than third fci ti« esm
teat far Mayor-
THAT -he O«rma- residents cf
tMa city ar« imbued with th*
absefate r*ce«sitjr cf standiry
by the R^puhiir-an ticket ia
:-.* prt— at muni<-i-«! cara-
was erid^nced List even
ts tn th* AJhamfcra Theater dunn*; th*
r-a??-m-*rir«; fceid "T>'<**> the au?p:ct?t cf
the 'Tr*man- American R^pcbiican Club.
« mere mentior. cf Henry J. Crocker's
=*=e aroused th* most tnt-rj?e enthus
:asr-. The preser.-* o* r"T"ft», l **lft G«rmaa |
rtrtegf ea the rtac* and ia tise audience I
m*s *T^rta«r «vid«w:e that th* rates and
wrrmen who came from the fatherlar.d
aod the- children who were bem beneath
the fold* ef the American H\z are goiny
te^etand by the party of proteetteo a=d
prs«rp*r;;;. .
K-rry J. Crocker wtl! rr?f^ir* a ma
;:r:-y cf the Germarx vctes of this city
zsA county if the Btatements of the rari
osj speaker* »t last rtjht"» meeting are
tru-. That they are true is certain, be
<:»•-»« they w«r« rciced by men who stand
hi^s la t=» community; man who sot
cn'y ar*. larrs prcperty-feoZdera. bat are
esteemed by their fellow men. Th»y ex
;r»«ed their appreciation for Henry J.
Crocker, who they said was a hirh frp*
«-•« teu«i?;«9 ais ef the W*«t and in whos*
Integrity and henesty cf purpo«* they ta-1
the rreatest cenndence.
Tie hall was crcwded with Germans
ar.<J citizens c* ether nationalities. "While
many eesld net ccnverae Ca«ntly la th«
Enx;:ish lan^-^ase, they appreciated th*
apcacbta delirered by feJl^w cedstrymea
*r.< their cfceer* rv*g enz Jest as lomijy
«ji when th« utterajsce* of eloquent Jud
scn Erusie touched a respenatre chord in
tft* isiads cf tls auditors.
TEE VICE. PSZSIDZSTS.
F«!il«trlr^ is a Ilat of the vice presidents
• Laftkmasa. Dr. B. Faalsen. "ST. Plac*
rt-a. C. B. Rode. T. F. A. Otem-rr. <7ftart»«
I>co»-h. J«»«fJi Roefjtr. WUIlaat G. Lo*w». F".
jf. Freusd. Dr. G*orj» Drarker. Robert Lo
i«l. Max OphMma. Fred P. Plajr^nja-nn. to
••pa Becker. WUTiam HerteU Jzizt. Flsier.
ViIQa=i KarterrtX X> Dassheirrer. I*
r m ni'»M L. ?>--». C<skKs?l Lv
ti •"•—'¦--_ T~~l ~j:---=. 5. c :'- •rt<ri£. '.Ilia
fpr^:k.»is. Dr. K. ASttsj, Dr. t>. Ohit. r.
hwtsua Jr.. ;•: ir H«r»»T. Henry C Dnpr.
J. r. FUreraann. E. R. Liliesthal. Oeorj* S.
M -.«tl:=r. 1- L*vy. H. r. Maaca. T*. Klisk.
T. *>'.tiea Henry Slayer. C H. N-uiaai,
J*!rss Rsedi«rr. PrM Ke=s«=t. Siartns ftweisea.
U Orteaatetsi A. TT. Voortaafwr. M. P. Kahi
hT. .\. H. a. Scircidt. C. Wetjen. Max Goid-
C L*aiB*t«ter. H. Ja*>e*«v A. Olaaer.
• *-r Kaiser. C- H. L*c*=*sa. J. "Newbaaer.
•¦har:« L<»esch. Lecis Martras. H. F. Mal>r.
Fmal KtseHrH. Q. X**» «HeBrr». Charie» Sani
,•[» R. «*rafc"*. H- Tacaslry. P. W. Re-risr*. ,
. " C Haab F=U Kiefer. JiiUtis G«fe«ri«t. H. ;
£. EHietrasit. «5e«x« 5«T^l=a.T3. J. 1L
Zaer" teni TroeH. Oe»?ra» A. Weraer. John \
C. SI***. C5»r!»» Alper^. Er. A. E. Brnoe. r. !
H. Attl=«er. Fred H. Piefce. J*hn D. Spc^ckels. I
.'in ¦;So. A. AlfcrwcM. Cnartss O>c«. Aar- I
or«»4e— fta<*. Dr. M. Besresslnrrs^r. A- D*r*"-an>. :
«i ' \ndibert. A. Becker. Oaenr A. ToJie, W. 4* ,
«tl P*al F«tt«, Jara** Eases. H. Beailt i
• h Erbv Dl B. F*Jitor. M. Fra_-^::ri, Knti i
,^*._lf. A. T. Eireapfort. J. Jacob*. WC
• ia= - •» j-»» J-t=3 Lk JCceter. J<^fen Hertcajin.
H I* V. Inselraann. Dr. J. X. Pow»n. H.
z'a^'j- g AmSc'd. JoTlas Jaects. 5. Wiaim- I
beta *S X«w3uus. J. W. Goets. J. T. Eicaner.
Xaavsft b-i?.krr. Winiasi H. G*tr:ice. S!y. Stern.
Vai' K-Iiieast. C. C. HaaJS. On* Falcb.
Si=:cn t>»Tia. J. A. Decker. E. H. Goetx. \
EEi: Wnrase. Heary WcBxei. Cfesr*-* Traut- ]
r,er D- Ste«»rsa=n. V. ¦¦lUWrti. II- W. Harms, j
Lints Haake. A. A. Ritter. Ctar!e« LaUier. |
• 3b»utea H. M-y^r. Dr. B- P»=lwtc R. Kee»l-r. .
R. Lttd-nstad'. P. W. L^»T. Oaartesi Kus% f
E c* Kalis«n. O+ffrz* A. TTemer. A. Vaa der j
¦CaStes. WlBtea Wasfcawski. J- F. Lttaora. !
k Warsbotz. H. C Kl«pea*t*fc5. H. a Kasf- ]
•S3.31S Jacofc R-=:et»ch. WLUiam TTertsrh. !
Pmu-r Qnft Dr. J. C. Vej*. Keary Zann. |
E- ¦SraHaca. Henry Zaaa Jr. Henry C Kleve
•*tL WiEiam E^ireiyjfcrt. Albert H-yer.
• "har>« DmSif, F. &»rtecan. F. Kae^el. E.
H. Lctres*. 51. W. D»akelstH»f. H. Peterson, j
J. Levt. n-«r^i- iftzaer. J. F. taR ¦»• E.
« -ast. WiUUm Bcrea, A. E«»l. M BtrtTtoat,
• bar;e« Sskui. A. EU AJtlbora, C. Stader.
Dr. M- Sal'isioa. B- BUaert. W12!«i
«x>fea, A. Brand. Joaesa Scseerer. Jotn
«chil«=tnixBn. 6. Cabac Ckaries H. Bcarn. A.
J. Harvlcra. Jaitos Kl»te=i=a<r fc .er. R. A.
Fhoesuald, Leen Sasjaeis awl J. W. Taana.
Coionel Rofcert Wieceke, president of
ts# orrardzatlon. presided «t the meetinj.
In calling the a»ec-biase to order Cclon«!
Wleceke velcoised the a,ndj*nce In fitting
wortia. He erst cade ki» retsarks tn i
KRfllsh an<l then ta the German tang-ae.
O. F. von Rheia, the weU-ksowa cap!-.
talhrt asd rezl estite dealer, was the next ;
speaker. At th« ctrtset of his remarks he j
told the Gcrmatrs present that he had not !
forgotten hia raeth#r tongro* despite the j
fact that bo has been here tweuty-ffv« j
}-<ars, bet as there were a great many of I
the Kr.g'.'. i h-gpcaklag peopi* pre?«nt he j
•w»s of necessity aioved to deliver hi* j
rpeech fci the Urursajre of this cotsnrry. j
Ia «xeei>nt Ensilsii Sir. Ton Rfceia dis- I
rcued the Issues c£ tt« ctmpai^a. Hs '
Jascb F. P!a*«aar.n, & w»ll-Jtnown Ger.
rsan business cm of this city, was
to speak, hut was enable to at
tend ©wfciy to Illness. He. howerer. sent
a letter to the prmffleut informing him
that he -was for the entire ticket and
called for three cheers f<?r Henry J.
Crocker and the ether candidates.
CANT DSOP McN-AB.
Jadsoa Brnsie. a well-known orator of
the party, was tntrwJuc*-!. ar.d before he
t*d prca-ressed far into fats speech h.? had
his audience with him. Brush's efforts
wer- highly appreciated. He told S o=«
gned stories that were very appropriate
to the occasion. He said the cry in the
ctmncnity was "not to defeat Schssitx,
but to def ea t the lnSueaces that surround
his administration." He declar-d that
Lane fecal it very hard to let go of
Gavin McNab. ar.d broc^ht home this
¦tatement very forcibly fa a story of the
nian who became tasked v? with a wild
cat. In part Brosie spoke as follows;'
So far * 3 t*« Jadrrtiual candidates ar» con
cerned th^y arc niea In th- crtin*ry wants ct
Uf#. «ct!t^<l ta d«masd consideratLm aad r»
??•«. Praoklia K. Lare t.« a maa of tat«l!l
«sae« aad «»B«r«T. oc.e e< th- b-fat rajnpaJgn'r*
ja Califonti*. oo* of the fost tn tS« CclteJ
Statw pomaiblr. H- is a m«a entitled to cea
•••!*n'ion from tv~ry Kandpcitrt. But th<;r«
ar« associations competed wits htm that ha
wooU like to tirow off If fc« cwiM. r <ian't
<T!fw whrtlwr it la tru» «r cot. but there :'j a
r*p«rt ro<a«- arouad ajaang the newspaper raea
ttat wfcim h!« saa'II'Ia'cy was bro»ch*<l at th's
lart eonvecttoa a r^crewmtatlve of oce r*P**r
irjsica la strocffvst in cla adTOca<cy »a:.' to
fclm. "Tto ar» all rictit. L*a«, but you have
gst t» let co of JZeXab." *t*t ro of fclmr"
6e «a: • "Tes.'* Lane said. "Dtd you rrer hear
the »tcry of the two Iriahsiea that w«r» out
Ja tl»« forest* btrsti3»T" TVe newspaper maa
w*l&. "No." "WetL taey treed a wildcat. One
«f th« Zri»kn«s rot np la the tree and h
•hack • the w.i.-j^a t flcwa to bis parta«r. who
vu ryr. the rr^cad. aad tlsera was a wotrlwiad
of whiskers and f^r and pieces of clothing.
making a Derfect cyeion* at the foot of th»
tr»#: and the Irtshataa op the free iaM. "SraU
I cense dfrwa and b»ip y*>a fceid him* Th« oa«»
an th«» rrcuad ia! ¦ !. "Xo. by ffoUy. you cense
di)» i; aad help a^ let gr> of bins.' "Xow^** J£r.
L-in» said "St is eaar entjexa tn rtt hold of
McNab. bat It's awfal Sard to. let him «rx~
These inAu«occ« tnaxcimudtng Lmbm ar% foSa
eseefl that Saa Francisco cannot afifard to pat
;ts»i; uiaier jart new. and every naa aaaeng
you kaows why.
The ctjection to ercr xtandard-beair fa acase
quarters is that he ts rich. I don't know ssy
tsirg alKot I?!s bask aeenoat. bat I do knew
that t» ts rlc»r t= aotne thl=is. llm !s rich, fn
5»s«ro»tty to tia felloTT-cien : in the poasesaUm
of a harpy home wtta its precioos contents; I
know that be is rfcb la a clear copsciemre and
ia ta# thec«£t that he eaa g>> dawa the strsnt
tod l-v- k every bis Ia the face aad say. "I
never did yrw a wrcar in bit life."* H» is
rieb In bwlooxini to a faintly cf men who have
dtaa* a* nraca Car Ca^isrsia. a* any family that
TSe BsOetta has *n:wu=.e«i that r hav» sot
been working- fir Crocker. Here t» a demon
stration ef asoth-r Bull-tfci t*lx«hty*l. They
also s*id that Judi* Bahrs was not for r > r oek
er. STr. Scfamita Is the !»atilng- can>11rfat«
a*a.!r.st Mr. Crater. 3fr. Setanlta la sot t&s can
j «i;<iat<»: !t is Mr. Abraham Ruef who U the
car.dl-iat? of that party for JIayo«- of mis city.
A word «f ca=ticn: A new ballot law is la
TT*ue. Withis th- cost twr> y»&rs there will
b« aBsoiat»d a sufficient number of members
ef the Elacticn Cofsmiseieti of Saa Francisco
to rontroi th- st:jrr»««i« of *^i»ry trtdiTMTial.
Tfe» tncomta!- Ma?r:r win «ppo!r?t a boarS that
1* STipposed ro be min-partisan. Two y«ar3
fcene» t£;at El-^Jna CcnuciasJcn wiu owtroU
! aai they caa acroint iadt-rtdrjaU wiso will
I eo»jnt th« vot^s as th«?y s<?» fit; la other Tr^rds.
a Tr«T» rwi mbij»r stamp ta tJt« han<i3 o* th»
election officer* wtn cart the vot« of thfa city
as Eus-c* E. Schmltz «J«wir«s twt> y-a.-» f-CTn
now. a-» tier the ktE.l of nea that you <!*
artr» to cast yoar votes for? On the other
hand. H«nry J. Crocker fc» a maa reared ta
tfcla State: h<» am B3 maa a dollar; h-» has
labors for felsiaalf, f&r fcts family and f.»r
every cae eccr.e^ted with hJss. No wonl of
j slanrfer ha» ever teacher hlrn^ na farti-rtdnaJ
has er»r rharswl bfm with aa cS»en« en'3«t
the laws of ti» coantrr cr th« laws of m
ciatr- He ia a man who «a.n<l» as hi«h as any
««^o5?KfV " * csntl^n-a and as a
CBOCKEB ABBT7ES.
In this miist ef Mr. Ach's speech th<»
stantiartl - bearer eaxae on the platforra
end tfc# efae«rln« was trennsniotis. It
j lasted fully three , minutes. I and proved
I to tli« eatia'actloa of an sood Beptibtt
cans that Mr. Crocker was tb« popular
candidate of the hoar. Without much
delay Mr. Crocker wa3 presented. Ha
spoke, tn part, as followi:
Str. Chalnaaa. Gentlejaen of the Cermaa-
Aaxertcaa Clnb. Ladies and Gentlemen- I
thank y?a from the bottom of my heart t'or'thls
kixd reeertUm. I thank this audience for the
warm excressica which they no dcobt latemi
ti> the j'ortous RapuhUcaa party, wtich I ha-j-^
the honor to-n!stst to r« present as rts caadiJat*
far Mayor. I thank yon on behalf nt my con
stituents. I thank y»m rm b^haif of the nasif-'
neea on the tickwt for the ¦»o«» which I kimw
you will roil oa fcr the whol« ticket. (An.
ptaas<>.>
The campai«a has now raiche«i th« staz*
wh«?a yrao h*»» heard the candidates speak of
the Usii«3. You hav* *ot to know the c*ople
wh«j ar« ifotei? to refreuent you for the next
two- years. Ladles ami r»ntl«aen. tf r am to
fcave th» h«m«)» «f b*ing efeeted by the peor>Ie
..f San Francisco as the Mayor of Greater Saa
FraBetsci?. I snsujiy want to s*y this: I
no polit!e!as. I am net much of a talki»r. i
am Urjbu«<l with that spirit whica pwopUhave
In year old country when their services are
• demanded oy the army for twi> or three y*»rs,
; a matter pf compolaion, but whfrrh I know they
i gladly reader. Hers la America V ha.ve na
saca laws, but there is nothing la the w*jrt<*
| ta preweiu a maa who. If you piease, haa been
soaewfcat scceessral. from gi-rtcs; a njatter of
two er three years to his eiric duties and to
b<- atte tr> perform th*ra ta aa upright, cheer
ful manner. «AvpIana«.) - . r
' I have Ixsea. I cr the last twenty-six years
tcid of the prorres* «f the Republican
party an <i also criticized Mayor Schmitz
and Franklin K. Lan«>. candidates on the
ospesitioTi tickets. Is part h* spoke as
roOstrx:
T>:» nemorrmrie nctalae* is a lawj-«r. c«>t a
cunpiete failure. e»rtai=Iy not a complete mac
cew». H» Jtas !*>st mor* cases f?an any ef his
r-ede-:e«w:r». K*- has he»n a Maapiata vicrifxs
ia ciaaiiyr a't»r cfSce. for sSsc- the year i*U5,
»5>=n be arrived in Sas Francisco, he has Cv«
tiTr.^% been a candidate ter^re th* people, er
eR.i»ar^r»4 to be. That c« i» not a lawy»r
of th* first rank is evidenced by that very
fact. TlstEk for a ecrrseiis. hrina? befcre ycur
Bttml'a ey» the canse« of, say, twenty of the
ablest attorney* ta the city: rot one of them
wcuid acrert pcUnral ¦fSec. Mr. Lane, lcn«3w
lr.« that tse ehanr«* fcr auceen en this occa
»¦¦¦-»> as a Desificrat!<: aesiir.** w«r* Tery fe«bU.
a««ur5»d aa attitude nt iofty d^sity. He saM.
"I Mill accept the Democratic nrniisatien t>aiy
if it ?* fcacded to at by a uaxElrioas vote: cn«
*is«te «Iisa»ntlB» v*te». and I cteciiae." It *o
h*K>e:wi tiat ta*r» ¦w%» a thir-t of th» :-¦-
a~ate» is -a" conv«ntlca who «r<»re opposed to
the nocinatica ef Mr- Lane aad who vot<»d fcr
asctJser candidate. Two ccurses w**« *pen ti
tttm th«a — cue t9 »uataln th* diraiSed atti
rudft which !:• bad assessed asd the uther ta
»ay. "1 »ill taks eMc» a=yhow.- K« cham*
that latter ccars-. He had a rtjht ta <io it.
h«it by rboBis* it ho has f«?r*T»r rlaced hbc
*sif ca th» itrtl th» iwtlttciaa. eternally ta
*+a.r-zk. cf a poettloa. which he win take QBd*r
any acd all cinrtrmatanc??, no datter haw he
can ««t It.
Let cse cio«e by sayfcuf tan this: Oirs is a
TSiT-iicazt Stare — California — core freat»r. It
has b*ea nj f?rtane t.j be ta er*ry State oi
rh« fnion. to stand ta ev»ry capital <jf Eur-Jce:
I ha.*e b»«B thr** tla#« ta Africa.; I hiv» fc*«n
cner a cfip«iderabl« F*rt <jf Asia and <yv»r irany
cf the lalaada of the »»a. aad y»t. in all my
r*a=ii=xs f-v*r the tBCSrc •arth. I hav» n«»<;r
seen the »arericr of California. San Francisco
ts the «ty of th<» Pac!2- Cout; sh* ia
•o new. »h* will always conttna* ta be. She
t» abrut to clothe herseif worthily with ta*
dlarnity ef her pesition. VT» hav» voted seven
t««i» nilllteti dollars fcr that p«irpn«e TVTii;<»
that m^ey is betna- esresded »- want a buxi
nea« man at th* head ef th« manJetpaJIty.
fApclaase. > LejuJ advice aa M t!i* charter and
M t0 a=y oGi*T <riesticn can be had by fciriar
»b attorney ar.d paytn* bis fee; bat basinet
ability. bt:si3«ss istejTity, bnrtsess exv^rutnet
c*n=it b* hired. It is therefcr* nnt only the
dictate of local patriotism, but it >.« la cur
tnt»r-et flnanrtiny. that w». *»ch one of us, do
fir atraewt. *r> that en tutxt Tuesday w« may
»!e<rt. with a rra--d majcrtty. Cor Mayor .'f
Fan Franrtsco. H-nry J. Crocker (Great aa
r!aase->
*ri?r ir?=six^ate4 to it. H« ts ri-h is tfc« ;»•
•easier* if & hema^n fr^ra »n tlonorabJe fatb*r.
H» it rtcfi i:v tin pcasesslcn it fn*n&» who «xe
stasding- by his ta-r!jtir. and they are irolrsif
M stand by H*isr? J. QtwJttf anttl h» U Majrr
of Ei.a JTrinj:is<ro. t.Grea.t apcla.us*>
GBEAT CHEEBS FOB BAE3S.
The Hermann Quartet *ang- aweetly
and then cams Judye Georg-e IL Bahrs.
His popularity with the Germans tu
established th* sxuscst he stepped for
ward to ?p*ak- The assectbied votecs
cheered and cheered for him, and throtigh
cut fcis sjrfesdM sp«*eeh h« was accorded
th* clos*»t attention and great applause.
Jady- Bahrs told ef the "Bahrs Volun
teers." who already number K.!X)0 voters,
and whe, he said, would namber 30,000 en
election day. In part, he said:
I b»TJ«v« tha: I ta F-rm!tte<i t.rs addreae this
»tKii»n«r« u friends. Th* Cian!Ti«r sas been
**rra* th*: Jmiire Bahr» has b*>*n tna>lnx a
Fitter c».T!5»ijra. that h* fc*« be*n mklnff- a.
salocn fixSt- <ja.r •n»mt«a d» net «"msi to r»
a!fse that th*r» fa anything els* ta tsia worM
but feroril- a=d rstlfr campaigns. They t^rrft
that there M rnich & thte* tn this world as
fri«ndshl3 and fraternity. I b*U«vs that snrh
U th* tnsctration. that has broujfct ff!7 eandl
'±a<-y from airnewt a hopei.«a» pmap^ct of defeat
ia an absolute cemruty of victory. And par
tiirsilarty am I thankful tr» th« Otaia jxop!*
of Saa Fraartaco. Tk»y hav» quoted m# a*
*u.jiajf tfeat I ha.v» i£» <J*rcia/i vot» tn roy
v*st pocket. What I jiUi say was that I b*
ltrred tftat tfcn Oman people would be iclidiy
behlr.d ray candidacy, and I ask you. «ti I
n«ht? i Cries cf "Yon b«t."' "T*s." Applause. V
Ei£ht or Bin* <Jiys a«n t*er» was aa aasocia.
ti«« farrre.1 kacim as the G*or*« H. Bahr»
V?i-a3t*«r*. It wm »tart#«t wtrti the names of
ten frien-ts <?f mirj». Thoa* tra each secured
five additional names; that made fifty; aad
t^pse fifty each »«?<-.ired fiv» additional sunn,
whi«»h made 250: and the ISO each geenred 6v*
additional nan:e«. aad t;>-day th«r* Is enrolled
ta that orrxnizatien over IS.OW members, and
J?»for» election .Jay then* wUl te a member
ship en-rolled tit over 30, OflO nxeini«rs. And
those #\C4X) m-nib»rs are not inr O**>T%n H.
BaJiri alon». but they are tnr th* entlr* Re
pcblican ticket. > Great applause. >
Henry Ach. the attorney, and a mem
ber of the United Republican Leagrue's
executive committee, was introduced and
despite the hoarseness of his voice, du*
to speaking- for the ticket, he refuted th*
statement published In an evening- paper
that he was opposed to Heory J. Crocker.
la part, he said:
Prominent Citizens Make Prompt Denial of Malicious Statements Published
in an Evening Paper That They Are Opposed to the
Election of Henry J. Crocker.
Splendid Meetings Greet Republican Nominee for Mayor Throughout San
Francisco and He Is Given Assurances That He Will
Be the Next Executive of City.
McNAB'S ORGAN SADDLES HOODOOS
ON DEMOCRATIC STANDARD BEARER
GERMAN-AMERICANS LOUDLY CHEER
FOR HENRY J. CROCKER AND TICKET
lo £-citor: i respectfully request that you grant me sufficient space to define my position concerning the
rr.orr.cntcus question which will shortly be placed in the hands of our citizens for determination.
I have been informed that my name has been used in connection with th; fight now being made by Eugene
E. Scr^itz for the Mayoralty, and it is due to the many thousands of citizens who constitute the organization of
wfcice I have the honor to be head, in order that no misconstruction may be placed upon their attitude, and who are
eminently able and qualified to think and speak for themselves, and to myself, that thsre be left no doubt as -to my
•position. '.
The Building Trades Council, of which I speak, is composed of many thousands of conservative citizens who be
licve with me in the rights of life, liberty and property, and if anybody has. struggled more faithfully to maintain them
inviolate ar.d to preserve the standing and integrity of that organization free from encroachment and danger than I
have, I do not know who he is.
The Building Trades Council has always been found upon the side of right and has been second to none in the
advancement of measles intended to improve our municipal institutions. Having accomplished these results, it now
believes, and for all time will possess the conviction, that without the enforcement of the provisions of the charter
These conditions, together with the expressed thought of many of my fellow craftsmen, are sufficient to convince
me that there is but one course to pursue.
Our citizens have adopted a charter, calculated to insure a government free from stain and scandal ; but while
such a law prescribes the manner in which departments shall be conducted, personal action, which cannot be controlled,
has been responsible for great wrongs.
I believe that any man charged with the performance of a public duty must perform it with an eye single to the
public interest. If that authority is perverted, that man is guilty of corruption, and all who aid and assist him are his
accomplices in crime.
Those of us who are engaged in the building business are largely responsible for the adoption of our charter.
I^ana partly responsible for the conduct of one of the most important branches of our municipal government, and,' re
alizing this responsibility, I shall do all in my power to accomplish the restoration of decency and honesty in the ad
mmistraticn of public affairs.
During the past two years each and every branch of the municipal government which
has presented an opportunity for political manipulation has been tampered with.
Capable and honest officials have been made the subject of unjust criticism to
aCCOmolish enrnt nf onrfv
Faithful officials have been replaced with practical politicians in violation of the
We are about to enter upon a new era of improvement. Millions of dollars will be devoted to the building of a
greater San Francisco. To see that this money is honestly, wisely and judiciously expended "will be the duty of the of
ficers now to be elected. Shall it be committed to the care of those who are now carrying on municipal business as a
private enterprise? History tells us that it has been the experience of the world over that all the corruption and rnis
government with which this earth is cursed grows out of this fatal proclivity of public servants to make a business of
their duty.
Let us~*not fall into this regrettable condition, but let us bestow upon men above and beyond reproach the ad
ministration of our public matters. Let us commit these all-irnportant concerns to the care of those whom we know
to be honest and who have no private interests to propagate.
Careful and extended inquiry and investigation has shown Henry J. Crocker to be
such a man. Careful and deliberate investigation convinces me that Henry J. Crocker
is a representative Republican in politics, against whose life and action, public and
private, nothing can be said. He possesses the confidence of his party and of thousands
of his fellow citizens outside of that party. He stands to>day infinitely stronger than any
candidate in the field.
These are conditions which guide me, as well as thousands of my coworkcrs, and are the conditions which
should guide every citizen in this community who takes a pride in his city and desires to see it properly governed.
These are conditions which should appeal to every laboring, professional and business man who desires to see
the proper conduct of public affairs and the vast improvements now under contemplation properly carried out.
It is for us to determine whether the name of San Francisco shall bespeak honesty and purity of government, or
shall be held out to the world as the synonym of unparalleled political corruption. [ P. H. McCARTHY.
The dastardly attempt to defeat and demolish that bulwark of good government, the civil service, is still fresh
in the minds of. the citizens, and the discovery of the criminal acts of Mershon stands boldly out as one of the results
of the present adminstraticn.
*The replacement of labor's representative on the Police Commission, D. I. Mahoney. who by hi3 manly attitude
and fidelity to duty won his constituents 1 love and esteem, by an appointee who sacrificed his honor to take the posi-
The repeated insults to Union Labor and an apparently defined policy, destined
to turn each and every opportunity to political account in order that our City Government
may be converted into a vast political machine, is sufficient to appall the worst degenerate.
written law for the purpose of private gain. Our whole municipal system is to-day
menaced with corruption and debauchery.
ALL indications pnim to a tremendous swing of voting strength to Henry J. Crocker. Republican nominee tor Mayor. Representatives of the Building Trades declare their preference for Mr. Crocker in terms that cannot be raison
•r5to«xi In an open letter herewith published P. H. McCarthy, one of the foremost organizers of skilled labor on the Pacific coast, reviews the existing industrial conditions in San Francisco and clearly demonstrates that the
1 or Mr. Crocker will redound to the advantage of wage workers of die building trades. The notion that A. Ruef through the agency of Eugene E. Schmitz can drive honest workingmen to the polls as sheep are driven to
hambles is exploded. Thousands of independent and resolute wage workers of the city have declared their purpose to work and vote for Henry J. Crocker. This, important accession of strength to the Republican cause will in
spire the 2 -rates or Greater San Francisco vrith renewed courage in the battle for good government and progressive administration of municipal affairs. The reinforcement removes all doubt as to Mr. Crocker's election to the Mayoralty on
next Tuesday, 'following is Mr. McCarthy's letter: "
INDUSTRIAL STRENGTH OF THE CITY'S BUILDING TRADES
IS FALLING INTO LINE FOR HENRY J. CROCKER FOR MAYOR
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL,.- THURSDAY, OCTOBER 29, 1903.
C3OCKEB WLMS OPPOHESTS.
Twt> STsetiiigs in Enemy's Stronghold
Capitulate to Him.
Henry J. Crocker carried the war taw j
Africa, last nl^ht by going into the Potr»- j
to and South San Francisco. He emerged 1
teineasnratly stronger than he was be- «
fere his appearance. By manly speeches I
delivered without rancor la the face of as- i
Ccntinued ca PagB 0, Cclttsra. 1.
Henry J. Crocker went down, to the
Mail dock yesterday at noon and ad
dressed a Urfe gathering- of workfnsmen.
He used an express wafort for a rostrum
and the member? cf the various onions
gathered around htm. and listened atten
tively to what he had to say. Not once
dortas bis speech was he Ist«rrupted-
Th» workingnien adniired the manly way
In which the Republican standard bearer
addressed them and when he concluded
his address he was heartily applauded.
Compared to this meeting the one held
by the Democratic candidate* was a
frost.
Captafn Anderson Introduced the next
Mayor and A- Van der NaUlen. both of
whom delivered sp«eches. Mr. Van der
Naillen. delivered a »troiS5 aryranent In
favor of the Republican ticket. He said
h» was the worttngman'* friand and he
believed that If Mr. Crocker was elected
he weald b« the man to r«nre»ent them.
because he was broad minded and honor
able and bad the Interests of the labor
tn; man at heart.
Mr. Crocker saw that the men jsarround
tng the wagon were in favor of the Union
Labor ticket, but he certainly gained
many votes by calm reasoning- and
straightforward statements. He told the
assemblage that he was not encased In
Speaks to Enthusiastic Workiiigmea
From Express Wagon-
Yon have voted almost unanimously for a- 1
«"h*!"ter which is the. basis o< our civic gw
ernment to-day. Toa 5ia.ve r;ne to work and
studied th* matter over carefully *nd yo« h*v«
voted for a lanre assrocriation for bond* t»
beautify thJ* eity.
Now. ladi«« »nd cmtleraen. itnd especially
the voters of Saa Francisco. I hava been, from
en* end of tai* city to the other. I hav* eom«
this events- from th* farther «nd of th* dtT
at South £*n Fraaclaco aad aloa* Tt»nn«s»e«
a-ad Sixteenth streets and lots of places w!»w
some of yoa p*oole have never been. I hava
iwten. amont th<» workfcumea. I fcavs been
im.-nx the capitalists. I nave be«a thraatrhout
this city, and everywaers,. ladies aad gentle
men. I«« me toll you that I am rre«ttd with
the same attention that I am retttn* here to
nt«-*rt. Th* wcrfcinspnen are thinking: v»ry
deeply %bo>:t tic- gwrnawnt they an» aroln* to
have for the neit two years, ti> follow irp th«
¦victories that they ha-r» achieved ta ««ttlwr *
ipaod charter an4 la rsttirur a guod bond issue.
And near, ladles and reatlttnen. they are go
t3« to have a good pjvwasnent. f Applause.)
I say that a man wtll pled«* his work for
his day's pay and do ti honestly, aad I say
that he wUl pleds* • hfs friendship to his
brother workman for future benefit bnt I *ay
tlwr* is one thins that the worfciajpnen, and
p«cpl« of the United States do not do. and that
Is tier da not pt*<i«* their votes ta the sup
port of any one-«ided proposition. And that Is
gaisg to be demonstrated beyond peradveafure
of 3. tfooat on. Navemb*r 3- They are gotn# to
vctm for Mayor of San Franelscov they are ga
las ta vote the Republican ticket, aad aiace
I have tSe honor at this tint* to> represent that
tieket thev are i-olnw to vote far me. beeaas*
they have wane to th<» conclusion, as they hare
said ta detections ta my office. --We have
watched tfcJs nctatnattoa; w« have watched
you; w» thought yoo were aa aristocrats w«
find yea ar» a plain mia. We thiai from
what we hear you say that jw meaa what yotx
say. and we are sofcs ta vote for Henry J-
Crocker for Mayor oC Saa Francises.** (Ap
plause.)
ta th* administration of tai» city's affairs
tt devolves agon the Mayor ta make th* an
puiaeaests that iha.ll te best. We are afraid
troai wtut we b*re eeea ta tie past that tS
7
j So 000 to Wager I
| Lane Will be Las! I
I — - §
1 o Jfeff xmdersizssd con- >5'
nnssTcner? ha-re on x
§ deposit Five Tbotmad f?
X Dollars, at evens, to bet _JB
,$ that Franklin K. Larre ¦Q
:V *in cot be better than $
third in the contest for V
S Mayor. g
I %
% FRANK A. DAROUX a CO. g
§ Turf Commissioners, '£
|. SAUSALJTO. SGEORGE NETHERCOTT'S FAST YOUNG GREYHOUND, CHARTER MEMBHR, WHICH IS EXPECTED TO PROVE
A FACTOR IN THE JUNIOR CHAMPION, STAKE FOR THE HENRY J. CROCKER CUP TO BE RUN AT
UNION COURSING PARK ON SUNDAY.
VALLEJO. Oct. 28. — General and Mrs.
Meade gave a farewell "at home" last
night, to which was invited the entire
navy contingent from Mare Island and
Vallejo. For some time past General
Meade has been commanding officer of
the marine barracks here.. He will
shortly retire from the service, after
forty years of active service.
Give a Farewell "at Home."
SANTA ROSA, Oct. 28. — The suit of
Edward Pollitz & Co. of San Francisco
against Mary C. Wickersham, as execu
trix* of the estate of Fred Wickersham,
deceased, was tried here to-day. The tes
timony was completed late In the after
noon and the case will be argued on Mon
day next. The suit Involves more than
530,000 represented In sugar stocks of the
Honokaa and Paauhau plantations.
Suit Against an Estate.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 28.— President Roose
velt will issue his Thanksfflvlnr proclamation
on Saturday next. October 31. He will desig
nate Thursday, November 26, as a day of
thanksgiving.
SAN BERNARDINO. Oct. 28.— "William
Everitt. an aged pioneer of this city, met
his death this afternoon in the pool of a
hot spring. Everitt, who was 7S years
old, had been troubled with rheumatism
and he had been In the habit of taking
baths in a small pool of water which
flows from the Paine hot well. This after
noon he went to the pool and shortly
afterward he was found entirely sub
merged, with his feet entangled In some
roots at the bottom of the hole. The
water In the pool has a temperature of
110 degrees, and it is possible that Everitt
was overcome with heart trouble. He
leaves a wife and one son.
Found Death in a Bathing Pool.
First race — King: Ellsworth, Tro
gan, Foremaster.
• Second race — Louisville, Benson
Caldwell, Frank II.
Third race^ — Dick Bernard, Pro
ceeds, English Lad.
Fourth race — Grand Opera, Oni
Bessie, Auditor.
Fifth race — Golden Rule, Never
Fret, Bummer.
Sixth race^ — Christine A, Glenrice,
Marlin.
Sixth race. mile, selling — Mary McCafferty
108 Glenrice 102. Sir Hugh 102. Henry Mc-
Danlel 100. Spec 98. Courage 98. Ponca 98.
Boundary 9S. Chicago Girl OS, Jet 93. Bcgon*
98. Marlln 97. Christine A 93.
WORTH SELECTIONS.
By the Chicago Inter Ocean.
Third race. mile, the Chicago Ridge handi
cap—Proceeds 125, Edward Hale 05, EnglUn
I«d 123. Dick Bernard 122. Flo Bob 114. Rain
land 110. Foresight 108, Shawana 105 Glisten
103, Badger Girl 98. Mayor David 3. Ro«o 97.
(Rose and Badger. Slaughter entry; Ral» and
Proceeds. Brow entry).
Fourth race, one and a sixteenth miles,
handicap — Grand Opera 115. Potheen 87. Jack
Demund 105. Our Bessia 104. Ethylene 102.
Thane OS. Auditor 08. St. Tammany 97. Ltttl«
Boy 06. Huzzah 05. Lee Stlmson 90. (Potheen
and Opera. Hlldreth & Smathers entry-)
Fifth race, five furlongs — Golden Rule 125.
NeVer Fret 113. Bummer 112. Mayor Johnson
100. Louis Wagner 10O, Scorpto 97, Stem
winder 93.
CHICAGO. Oct. 28.— Entries:
First race six furlongs — Go Between 109.
Foremaster 107. Soldier of Fortun* 107, Th«
Hebrew 107. King Ellsworth 107. Elwood 103.
Ananias 103, Katie Powers 100. Trogan 100.
Second race, mile and a hundred yards. sell
ing—Benson Caldwell 111. Attlla 104 Ivernla
104 C. B. Campbell 104. Miss Liza 103. Lady
Radnor 103. Jim Wlnn 103. GIv» All 103. Nel
lie Bawn 103. Compass 103. I>utca Carter 103,
Louisville 103. Frank M 100.
WORTH ENTRIES.
SANTA ROSA. Oct. 28.— According to
the allegations of William McAlpine. a
liveryman of this city. J. 8. Calhoun, a
representative of the Spauldlng Manufac
turing Company, an Eastern concern,
drove two of his hqrses to death. To re
imburse himself. McAlpine has caused
an attachment to issue on a carload- of
vehicles belonging to the company and
shipped to Calhoun In this city. The
liveryman alleges that several weeks ago
Calhoun secured a double team from him
with which to make a business tour of the
county. The treatment given the animals
is said to have caused one of them to
drop dead in Kenwood and the other was
returned to the stable 111 and subsequently
died The horses were valued at $266, and
this 'sum Is sought to be secured by the
levying of the attachment
Says Agent Drove Horses to Death.
The performance of Lou Dillon In the
mile trial to wagon was even more spec
tacular than the trial against time last
Saturday, when Bhe trotted a mile In
1:58%. The trial to-day was made with
-the customary two runners to set the
pace. The forward sulky carried a wire
dust screen. As the horses drew near the
last eighth pole the speed of the little
mare- was so terrific that Mr. Billings
drew her from behind the forward sulky,
driven by Doc Tanner, and the finish was
made in a drive with two runners along
side the trotter, all three horses flashing
under the wire noses apart. The start
was effected at the first attempt. The
quarter was reached in :29%, the half in
:59U. the three-quarters In 1:29% and the
mile In exactly 2:00.
The Monk and Equity, driven by Mr.
Billings, went a mile in easy fashion to
pole in 2:08. with a single runner, driven
by Doc Tanner, to set the pace. Tha
handsome team was driven around the
track at a slow jog, with the runner
trailing behind, and just before the wire
was reached the runner drew alojjgs'flo
and under the wire the three horses went
for the trial against time. At the quarter
the time was caught in :S2Vi, the half in
1:0-1, three-quarters in 1:36 and the milo
in 2:08. Summary:
2:11 trot, one mile dash, purse $500— Queen
Wilkes won In 2:10Vi. Elylne. Porto Rico,
Palm Leaf and Topsy al?o started.
2:20 trot purse #400^ — Anna Gay won two
straight heats in 2:17%, 2:17%. Grocery
Maid. Declare. Red Phil and Maggie Murphy
also started.
2:17 trot one mile dash, purse $400 — Hugh
Wynne defeated Empire Wilkes in 2:13%.
2-00 pace, purse $1000— Cascade won two
straight heats in 2:06%, 2:00%. Hal Chaffln.
Stranger O. DIablito. Cousin Madge and
Personelle also started.
2 - ll pace half, mile dash, purse $400 — Mary
anna won 'in 1:01 *i. Angus Pointer. Minnie
Christie and Daniel J also started.
2:11 trot half mile, purse $400— Queen
Wilkes won in l:02H- Porto Rico. Austin
Boy Bonner and Jim Underwood also started.
To beat 2:01»i world's trotting record to
wagon — Lou Dillon, ch. m. by Sidney Dillon
(Mr. Billings). Time by quarters. :29&,
:5»U l:20Vi. 2:00.
To beat 2:09^4 world's trotting record to
pole— The Monk and Equity (Mr. Billings).
Time by quarters, :32U. 1:04. 1:3d. 2:08.
MEMPHIS, Tenn.. Oct. 23.— The eight
day meeting of the Memphis Trotting As
sociation was brought to a fitting close
this afternoon with the breaking of two
additional world's trotting records. Lou
Dillon. Mr. Billings' champion trotter,
driven by her owner, went a mile to wag
on in 2:00 flat, cutting a second and three
quarters from the previous record, made
by herself. The Monk and Equity, driv
en by Mr. Billings, their owner, lowered
the 'world's trotting record of 2:09V* for a
mile to pole to 2:08.
SIXTH RACE— Six and a half furlongs; sell*
Ing:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. «4 Fin.
7 to 2 — Ledus. 107 (Ferrell) 10 10- 1 2
IS to 1 — Goodman, 107 (Booker).. 7 ft 2 h
1C to 5— Zyra, 104 (Pollak) 5 3 3 .1
Time, 1:21. Start fair. Won easily. Win
ner, T. H. Ryan's b. g. by Brutus-Leda. S'.r
Hugh 104. Hickory Corners 103. NVilie Bawrt
107. Ponca 102. Safeguard 106, Ans:e!o 107.
Lady Radnor 107. Dodona 07, Morendo 104*
Premus 107, also ran.
Time, 1:43 1-5. Start good. Won driving;
Winner. E. G. Stutter's ch. c. by Lhr. Iti.-o-
Constance IV. Thar.e 102, Benckart 107, Fair*
bury 107, also ran.
FIFTH RACE — One mile and seventy yards;
purse :
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. *» Kin.
7 to 10 — Sid. C. Love. ICO (Ferrell) 1 2 1 h
4 to 1 — Gregor K. 109 iHal!) 2 12 4
8 to 1 — Stuyve. 104 (Pollak) 6 3 3 4
Time. 1:13. Start fair. Won easily. Win
ner. J. E. Crushing' s b. c. by Bouri'Iless-May
Bee. Soldier of Fortune 103. Ralnland 107,
Pat Hammon 92. The Hebrew OS. Orderly lOtt^
also ran.
FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs; handicap?
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *; Fin.
7 to 10— Wm. Wright. 110 (Polak> ."» 1 12
0 to 1— Palm Reader. 88 (Hal!) 1 :: 2 1 Wj
16 to 6 — Agr. Lewis. l<tt (Robbins) 3 2 3 2
THIRD RACE — One and a hair miles; •ell-
Ing:
Betting. Horse. W-Ight. Jockey. 8t. % Fin.
7 to 2— Tancred. 01 (Wilson).... 2 116
11 to 2— El Ohor. 90 (Ferrell) 6 J 2 n
0 to 5— Brief, 105 (Adams) 1 6 3 h
Time. 2:00 4-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, V. Hushes & Co.'s ca. c. by Trouba
dor-Unadilla. Hayward Hunter 102. Lam-,»» ¦»
00. Eda Riley 111. Sarah Maxim 02. Sidney
Sabatb. 00. also ran.
Time. 1:41. Start fair. Won driving. Win
ner, I* Marion & Co.'s b. f. by Llkely-Blu*
Maid. Atheola 07, Tom Kingsley 07. Alfred C
107, Finzal 1CL\ Marshalsea 102. Kour Leaf
Clover 97, Galathee 103. Alllne Abbott 07,
Oscar 07. also ran.
SECOND RACK— On« mile: selling:
Benin*. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. %, Fin.
6 to 1 — Blue Mint. 103 (Hall)... 2 4 1 *£
30 to 1 — J. J. Corbett, 105 (Ferrell) 4 2 2 h
2 to 1 — Pronta. 102 (Davijson). . . 5 8 3 2
F1KST RACK — Seven furlongs; purse:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
4 to 5— Big Ben, ICO (Hail) 4 112
50 to 1— F. Wreath. 10© (BIrlcnrth) 9 4 2 2U
3 to 1— Alfreda. 112 (Williams). 1 8 31
Time. 1 :26 2-5. Start bad. Won easily.
Winner. S. W. Street & Co.'» br x. by Ben
Strome-Mlnt Julep. Niaxaus 10O. Oilfain 109.
Marl in 100. Calcutta 109. Clausus 103. Bound
ary 102. Begone 102, Rogie Dillon 102. Th«
Schwltzer 102. Tawas ICC, Frontenac 105. alaa
ran.
The bookmakers lost heavily on the aft
ernoon, ai three favorites, two second
choices and an outsider won. The track
was fast, the weather clear and pleasant
and the attendance large. Summary:
Tancred. beaten two days ago at
a miie and a sixteenth, made a show of
his field in the third race at a mile and
a quarter, winning by six lengths, eased
up.
CHICAGO, Oct. 2S.-WIlliam Wright,
favorite at 7 to 10. captured the handi
cap at six furlongs at Worth to-day in
the exceedingly good time of 1:13 fiat.
Aggie Lewis shot to the front at flagfall
and cut out the pace to the far turn.
Wright passed the pacemaker and, swing
ing into the straightaway with a com
fortable lead, held the others safe to th«
wire.
Speda! Dispatch to The Call.
William Wright Annexes a
Six Furlong Handicap
at Worth.
The. Monk and Equity Estab
lish New Mark for
Double Team.
Driven by Owner She
Draw3Foiir Wheeled
Vehicle in 2:00.
Makes Show of Field
at a MiJe and a
Quarter.
WAGON RECORD
FOR LOU DILLON
TAMCRED'S QUICK
FORM REVERSAL
Results at Latonia.
CINCINNATI. Oct. 28.— Latonla summary:
First race, six -furlongs — Lovable won. Gold
Finder second. St. Wood third. Time. '1:15.
- Second race, seven . furlongs — Arachune won,
Chickadee second. Lady of the West third.
Time, 1:35.
Third race, steeplechase, short course — Eva
Moe won, Galba second, Itacatara third. Time.
3:04%. ,
Fourth race,, five furlongs — Rhyme won, Odon
second, Henry Lyons third. ' Time,* l:02'yi.-
¦ ' Fifth race,* one- 'mile — Serge won. Flora
Bright second, John Coulter third. -Time, 1:4.1^
• Sixth race, six furlongs — Amorous won. First
Attempt second, Flying Girl third. Time, 1:16.
Ren Mul ford Jr., sporting editor of the
Cincinnati Enquirer, and noted as a
graceful, writer on baseball and boxing,
was entertained at luncheon yesterday at
the Pacific Union Club by Tirey L. Ford
The gentlemen invited tt> meet Mr. Mul
ford .were Attorney General U. S. Webb,
Louis Taussig, William. M. Abbott, Kari
C. Schmidt, Fremont Older, w. w
Nau ghton, Harry Cashman • and R. a!
Smyth, ¦ . _
Entertain Noted Sporting Writer.
Pitcher Hodson of . San Francisco
Proves an Easy Mark.
SEATTLE, Oct. 28.— Seattle gave Hodson a
severe beating to-day and moved up into third
place. He pitched all right until the seventh,
when- the locals bunched eight , hits for eight
runs and followed it up in the next by driving
in. five runs on six hits. The batting of Lum-
Icy waa the feature. 'Score:- ¦
v.. ". " ; ¦¦'•" - . ' ' r. h. e.
Seattle .0 0 110 2 8 8 x— 17 23 5
Ean Francisco.. 0 0 0 3 0 2 0 0 2— 7 14 3
: Batteries — Sample : and : Byers; Hodson and
Zearfoss v Umpire — Levy. '.; •¦ '- • .
PORTLAND, Oct. 28.— Portland-Lo« Angeles
came postponed on account of i rain.
SEATTLE IN THIRD PLACE.
New Railway Company Incorporates.
. SANTA ROSA, Oct. 28.-The Petaluma
and Santa Rosa Railway Company, or
ganized to operate an electric railroad
between Sonoma County points, filed
articles of incorporation this afternoon.
The company j will construct from Peta
luma to Forestvllle - and connect with
Santa Rosa and Sebastopol en route. The
directors named are Frank A. Brush of
Santa Rosa; Alfred D. Bowen, Thomas
Archer, Charles ' Towne, L. T. Wagner
and Alfred G. Sheath of San Francisco
and Francis, Cutting of Oakland.
Little George Finnigan again demon
strated that he is In a class by himself
with the 105-pounders. He beat Willie
Carroll all around the ring and finally
finished him at the end . of the initial
round. The rest of the programme was
not high class. Kid Parker and Al Elkins
were thrown out of the ring after a round
and a half, neither one striking a blow.
Two other youngsters were substituted
and they were worse, so that bout was
stopped in the first.
George Burk outpointed Walter Need
ham. James Leary got the decision over
George Cole, and Nobby Otts .won on
points from James Keegan.
The fight, though fast, was hardly what
was exoected. Carroll commenced to use
a straight left at th« outset. He would
Jab Powell In the Jaw and then clinch.
He also held on at every* opportunity and
this handicapped . Powell . throughout.
Powell made his best, showing in the last
round, when he began to rush. It was
then too late and the Judges decided In
favor of Carroll.
The much talked of boxing bout be
tween Joe Carroll and Lev Powell, two
vhining lights in the amateur ranks, was
decided last night under tne auspices of
the Bay City Club. The former Jabbed
himself to victory with his straight left.
Powell was overweight, but rather than
disappoint the spectators Carroll consent
ed to z6 on.
Gains. Decision After Four Rounds
Devoid of Mixups and Full of
Clinches.
CARROLL'S STRAIGHT LEFT
TOO MUCH FOR POWELL
PHILADELPHIA. Oct. 28. — Tbe Glrard-are
rroe Tbeater waa ruined by fire early to-day,
«ntai!lRff a loss of S5O.000.
"Winner of the Cambridgeshire.
LONDOX. Oct. 28.— Hackler*s Pride won
"the Cambridgeshire stakes at Newmarket
to-day.
Sixth race, one mile, selling— Step Around
88. Position 116. Little Secret 107, Brne 107
Marelio 110. Blue Miracle 101. Dug Martin 08*
Fourth rae*. six furlongs, all ages, selling
Laureates 10?. Urbano 102. Myrtle H 107 Fox
Lake 82. Respirator 107. Nona B 107. Our Pride
107. Troy 107. Ultruda 107. Dollle Welthoff 102
Fifth race, seven furlongs, selling — Frank
Poarce 119. Dr. Worth 114. Adrea 114, Tamm
117. r«as 114, Preatolus 114. .
Third race, five furlongs, selling — Ismad 112
Legal Maxim 112, Annie F 107. Relna Delcelia
112..Florlsta 112. Roltaire 112. Minnie R 112
Isabellita 107. The Toller 110.
First race, trotters of the 2:17 class $400
I^ady Zombro. Potrero. Mamie Elizabeth Lady
Madison. Jupiter B. Lady Gypsy.
Second race, four and a half furlongs selling
all ages, maidens — Lady Usk 96 El Corteza 9'/
Lady Bclalr 96. Eva D 96. Inspirator 119 Cara
dor 114. Prtv»te Nolan 119. Flea 96 .
LOS ANGELES ENTRIES.
Third race five and a half furlongs, puree,
two-year-olds — Our Lillle 100, Columbia Girl
105 Anne Davla 100. Toupee 100. Footlights
Favorite 100. Ben Adklns 106, Klowa Chief 100.
Sanctum 108.
Fourth race six furlongs, three-year-olds
and up— Lady Idris 83, Frank Bell 110.
Deutschland 113. Ed Ball 94. Rosecourt 88,
Glennevis 99. Bridge 114. Stand Pat 09. Bru
lare 86. (Rosecourt and Bridge, Bratton'a en-
Fifth race mile, three-year-olds and up—
Crescent City 103. Aladdin 106. Pettljohn 100.
Taby Tosa 103 Malster 103, Lev Dorsey 94,
Lady Kent 103. Ray 103, Croix d'Or 103.
Sixth race, six and a half furlongs, selling,
three-year-olds and up — Legation 104. Aylmer
Bruce 94 General Prig 97. Military 102. Mr.
Phlnizy 102 Kitty G 104 My Surprise 105. Ar
mand 99 Creaerton 107 Lady Draper 103.
Mayor Graham 100, Emily Oliver 104. Harry
Beck 102. The Four Hundred 104, Aules 104.
ST. LOUIS SELECTIONS.
By the New York Telegraph.
First race — Bandillo, Bugle Horn,
Tom Olney.
Second race — Bengal, Pierce J,
Caithness.
Third race^ — Anne .'Davis, Ben Ad
kins, Sanctum.
Fourth race — Ed Ball, Lady Idris,
Glennevis.
Fifth race— Pettijohn, Malster,
Croix d'Or.
Sixth race — Mr. Phinizy, General
Frig, Harry Beck.
Second race, one and a sixteenth mllea, sell
ing two-year-olds and up— Hager L 107. In
golthrlft 95 Landola 107. Ora McKinney 95,
Getchel 95. Bengal 102. Pierce J 106. Exapo
99 Ell© 102, Mynheer 107. Pat Morrlssey 107,
Second Mate 107, Caithness 102. '
First race, six furlongs, purse, two-year
old maidens — Amberlta 107, Always Faithful
100 Capitol 104. Tower 100, Buglehorn 110,
Bessie B 107. Bill Rye 100. Tom Olney 107,
Bandlllo 110.
ST. LOUIS. Oct. 28.— Entries
ST. LOUIS ENTRIES.
Stolen bases— Murdock (2), O'Hara, Messer
ly, Kniger. Errors — Graham (2), Rockenfleld,
Casey, Egan, Fitzgerald. Three-base hit — Mur
dock. • Two-base hit — Egan. Sacrifice hlta^ —
Rockenfleld, Schwartz, O'Hara. First base on
errors — Oakland 2, Sacramento 1. First base
on called balls— Oft Fitzgerald 7. Left on bases
— Oakland 9. Sacramento i 7. Struck out — By
McKay 4, by Fitzgerald 2. Double play — Mc-
Kay to Messerly. Time of game— 1 hour and
DO minutes. Umpire— McDonald.
SUMMARY.
Sacramento ,. 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0—0
Base hits....... 1 00 102 2 10—7
Oakland 6 0 1 1 • 0 0 1 X— 9
Base hits 3 0 2 0 0 11 1 x— 8
The fielding of Mike's aggregation was
rank. They seemed unable to etop anything
that came near them and on the bases
they were even worse. Rockenfleld made
the only error for. the Cripples on a wide
throw to first base during the early
stages of the game. The score:
Oakland — . Bacramento—
AB.R.H. P. A. AB.R.H. P. A.
OHara,cf 3 112 0 Ca.sey.2b 4.0 1 2-4
Rcknfld.s 4 0 0 14 Hldrbd.lf 4 0 2 6 0
Murdk.rf 4 8 2 10 M'Lhn.rf 4 0 0 10
Bchwz.2b 4 10 2 4 Twnsd.lb 4 0 19 1
Kruger.lf 0 112 0E*an.».. 4 0 10 1
Msrly. lb 4 2 2 11 1 8hehn,3b 4 0 0 2 1
Devrx.Sb 2 10 0 1 Doyle.cf. 4 0 110
Lohmn, c 3 0 0 6 0 Grahm.c 3 0 1 4 0
McKay.p 3 0 2 3 3 Ftzgrld,p 3 0 0 0 3
Totals. 32 9 8 27 13 Totals. 34 0 7 2< 10
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
There was another reversal of form
yesterday ' afternoon at Recreation ball
park. The Cripples played the game like
an aggregation of pennant winners, while
the Senators were awful and would have
succumbed before a team of sand lotters.
Score, 9 to 0.
The first Inning practically broke up the
game. It was then the Cripples began
to hit. the ball and the Senators began
to boot It around the lot. The flgohy
lasted till six of the tribe of Peter had
made the circuit of the bags. This seem
ed to take the life out of the lawmaking
tossers. and It also tended to fill the Crip
ples with the real enthusiasm. (
It could plainly be seen that young Mc-
Kay woujd bring home the money as
soon as he entered the box. That pecu
liar swinjj: of his was even more pro
nounced than usual, and besides he had
a lot of speed, good control and change
of pace that waa bewildering. Conse
quently the Senators swung their heads
off for nine rounds and still not one of
them could hit hard enough to brlug a
run over the pan.
W. L. Pet. W. L. Pet.
Los Ang..ll4 70 .620 San Fran. 96 Ui» .4!»1
Sacto 94 03 .502 Portland . 85 ill .484
Seattle ... 87 90 .491 Juklaml . 80 114 .412
One mile aad an eighth, hurdle handicap
The Devil II. 130 <SDratrue). 7 to 1. won- In
dian II. 150 (Tully). even, second; Limber
Jim. 145 {Richards), 3 to 5, third. Time 2 OS
Martin Brady also ran.
Six furlongs, selling — Steparound, 109 (I.
Powell), 6 to 1, won; El Piloto, 114 (Frawley),
2 tn 1, second; Laureatea. 109 (Kiinz) 7 to °
third. Tim.-. 1:14V«. Blue. Miracle. Little
Margaret. Cherries, Dugmartin and Respirator
alco ran.
Six furknps. Long Beach handicap — Princess
Tit.tnia, 108 (Chnndler). 1 to 4. won; Blissful.
NX) (Kuni), 2 to 1, Becond; E. M. Brattaln,
lir> <!,. .Tackvon). couded with Princess Tita
nia. Time. 1:13>$. No other starters.
2:14 tret. Durse $500. three In five:
Forest W 1 1 1 1
Hollo 2 2 2 dr.
George W. McKinney 3 4 .'{ dr.
Llmorero 1 3 <jr
.Time— 2:18, 2:1"H. 2:16, 2:27%.
2:20 i>nce. ourse ?.V)0, three In live:
Ira Ill
Proctor 2 4 "
LL. W 3 2 4
Victor Plntte 4 3 S
/ Time— 2:18Vi. 2:39, 2:21^.
Five furlongs, selline— Adnor. 107 (L. • Jack
¦¦on), 3 to 2, won: Sir Christopher, 107 (L.
Spencer), 4 to 1, necond; Phyz. 102 (Lawrence)
rj to 1. third. Time. l:ClVi. Dolly Welthoff.'
Nellie May, Barbara and Pilon also ran.
• Six furlongs, soiling- — Iniro, 1)0 (See). 5 to I.
won; Legal Maxim. 105 (I. Powell), G to 5
second; King Dellis. 1C8 (Tullett), 2 to 1,
third. Time. 1 :1«. The Toiler, Cannell, Gu6to
and Inrpirator also ran.
THE SUMMARIES.
Sixth race — Orthodox, St. Finnan,
Our Nugg«t.
By the Nevr Yor«t Telegraph
First Race — Ahumada, Girdle,
* Ringdove.
Second race — Unmasked,^ Mono
graph., Conundrum.
' • .Third race — Orthodox, Lady
Amelia, Jasper.
Fourth race — Hermis, Stolen Mo
ments, Bonnibert.
•' • Fifth race — Clear the Arena, An
.cestor, Jasper.
AQUEDUCT SELECTIONS.
FecoTid race mile, selling — Ernest Parham
107. Princess H 94. Highlander 102. Never
morf 99 Conundrum 102 St. S«ver 99. Potente
Q4. Odam-aha 99. Monograph 110 Nine Spot
106 Unmasked 10S Gorey 102 Stroller 105.
All Gold 105. MeUtereinger 105.
Third race, five furlongs, handicap, two
year-olds — Lady Amelia 120. Jasper 95. Agnee
Brem'an 102 Ruby Ring 92.' Cyuttica as Mar-
Jora-n 106. Adel Trebla 92. Pol Roger 103. Di
vination 121 Julia M 107 Orthodox 108. Gren
ade 125. Emergency 107. Tom Cod 93. Crown
Prince 107. Harangue 102.
Fourth race, mile and a furlong, the Edge
more — Warranted 12C. Stolen Moments 115,
Bonnibert 128. Herrr.ls 126.
Fifth raca, *lx and a half furlongs, selling,
maiden two-vvar-ol<5s — Second Sight 93. Mata
moraa 101. Flag Officer 101. Dutiful 90, Chats
J»R ' Reveille 101, Berosa 101. Clear the Arena
S3" Monitor 101 Tomahawk 9S. Ancestor i*t,
Ctiarnplaln ©6. Grand Vitesse 93, Conkling 104.
Algonquin 33. Clvtle 104. Reglan a'J. Esher
Lea/ &S, Jasper 98.
Sixth race mile all ages— Paul Clifford 112.
Eclectic 92, Our Nuggr-t 107. Namtor 115. So
noma Bell M Orthodox 95. Blue Victor 112,
Ben JJattle 112. Clonmell 115. St. Finnan 112.
Contend 115 Allan 107. Gorey 115, Hugh C.
Barrett 112.
AGTJEDUCT ENTHrES.
First race seven furlong* handicap — Bri
rand 111. GlrSle 11.". Ringdove 110 Ahumada
117 Oavlota 120 Rightful 115 Nine Spot 112,
rrtnees* Tulane' 110, Illyria 113, Chicle 108.
Muiio 113.
SIXTH RACE — Six and a half furlongs, sell
ing:
Betting. Horse, "Weight. Jockey. St. «i Fin.
5 to 1— Joe Goes, 109 (Calvit) 6 3 11
7 to 1— Mocorito, 109 (Linton) 2 4 2 h
10 to 1— One More, 1C9 (Crawford) 7 0 3 2
Time, 1:22>4. Start good. Won handily.
Winner. F. P. Lewis' ch. h. by Lysander-
Vandalight. Haven Run 95, Weird 1>5. Crime
100. CHeck Morgan 92, Lady Charlotte 100, In
golthrift 95, AHegrette 92, Fugurtha 104. Ladas
109, Chorus Boy 100, also ran.
FIFTH RACE — One and an eighth miles,
selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
8 to IV— Neveri«uch, »« (Calvit) 7 3 16
4 to 1 — Lasso, 98 (Livingston) B 4 2 !i
8 to 5— Cogswell, 98 (Foley) 3 6 3 ijj
Time, 1 :."»%. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, J. K. Hughes' ch. c. by Mirthful-Clymena.
Exapo 87, Baronet 90. Larry Wilt 104, Morris
Volmer 104, The Way 104. aleo ran.
FOURTH RACE — Six furlongs, handicap:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
11 to 5— Mendcn. 103 (Miller) 3 2 11
7 to 2— O14 Stone. 118 (Heldel).. 2 1 2 n
6 to 1— Spencerlan. 100 (Calvit).. 5 6 3 %
Time 1:15. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner A. F. Dayton & Co.'s ch. g. by Dorlan-
Pllonlsa Lord Hermence 105, Kilo 96. Lady
Free Knight 100, Radium 00. Excentral i)7, also
ran.
THIRD RACE— Mile and seventy yards, Beil-
Bettlnir. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
11 to 5— Hetzel, 99 (Austin) 2 2 11
11 to 2— Bourke Ccckran,105(Miller) 4 4 2 2^
6 to 5 — Jigger. 1U> tFoley). 3 1 3 20
Time. 1:4U»4. Start good. Won easily. W tu
ner. B. SchreiberB b. c. by BalROwan-Asiolat.
Water Tower 100 also ran.
SECOND RACE— Seven furlongs, selling:'
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. Fin.
20 to 1— Will Shelly. 103 (Crawfrd) 9 114
6 to 5— Helen Print, 105 (Smith). 6 3 2 2
30 to 1— Helen Hay, 100 (Foley).. 4 7 3 Va
Time. 1:2«H- Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, T. Kllpy'8 ch. c. by Albert-Su«a Laelay.
Howling Dervish 05, Shellmount 110, ¦% aleat 103.
Tempt 105, Little Corker 100. Susie Letcher 100,
Bernota 105. Maghonl 05. Senator Beveridge
108. Georgle Day 1C0, Model Monarch 10G, also
ran.
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 28.— An attractive card,
pleasant weather and a fast track drew
a big crowd to the Fair Grounds to-day.
Mendon. heavily played from 3 to 11 to 5.
won handily from Old Stone, which set
the pace to the stretch turn. There Men
don cam© through on the rail, winning
with plenty in reserve. Four favorites
won. Summary :
FIRST RACE— Six furlongs, P"rse:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 10— Ed Ball, 102 (Calvit) 2 3 l.i
7 to 2— Lady Vashtl. 102 iM'Kinny) 4 6 21
0 to 1— Happy Chappy. Wi (Miller) 7 2 J5
Time. 1:15. Start good. Won easily, din
ner. W. Mulkey's ch. g. by Vlrgfl d I Or-Nlobe.
Style 102. Review 105. Hudson 105 The Advo
cate 105. Silver Fringe 1«7, Marchioness 102,
Mary Clark lltt. Chlcknsha 102, Cresslda 102,
Sardlan 105, Feronla 105, aUo ran.
Special Dispatch to The Call
• Goodwin, referee; Major Collins, umpire;
Blake. Weller and Wilbur, linesmen; halves,
twenty minutes. , - .'"s.*~- . •
It was almost twilight when Stott got
in his fine work, and the moon was scat
tering shadows when the whistle an
nounced the end. California scored 40 on
the Chemawa team last Saturday. .Stan
ford . plays Reliance on Saturday. The
line-up yesterday was as follows:
Stanford. Positions. Chemawa.
Smith-Butterfleld R. E. L Dyk«
Shields-Stlllman R. T. L. Schlld
Vanslckle-C. Hyde.;..R. o. 1, Green
Hauverman-Malflno. .Center Williams
Thompson-Jacobs L. G. R Young
8prott-Monzlngo. L. T. R Saunders
Clark-Stevenson L. B. R Smith
Bansbach-Stott Quarter .Moon
Chalmers-M. Hyde R. H. B Bensel
Dole-Tarpey. L. H. B Davis
Scholfleld Fullback Decker
Lanagan had almost an entirely new
eleven representing the cardinal before
the second half had hardly begun. The
redskins never held the ball for two min
utes at a time and were constantly on the
defensive. Stanford had no difficulty in
advinclng the pigskin from five to ten
yards at a clip. Four touchdowns were
made In twenty minutes of play, but Ste
venson missed three of the goals.
Stanford carried the ball down the field
after the kick-off with but few Interrup
tions. The ball was within two feet of
the Indians' goal post when the half
ended.
Lanagan has succeeded in getting more
gfnger into his pupils, and they were
quicker in taking position after the .ball
was down yesterday than at any time
heretofore this season. The line is »tlll
rather loose, but the men play lower,
which Is an improvement over the 8ea
son's past games. The coach is bringing
back his heavy men for the Une-bucklng,
and that will prove a help. Altogether
Stanford is improving rapidly. The root
ers are feeling much better over the pres
ent situation, and It seems rather harder
to pick a winner In the championship con
test than previously.
Overall and several other huskies from
California watched the game yesterday
with interest. • The Indians had a weak
line and tackled about the neck. It was
only by good luck they escaped being
beaten by a larger score.
Chemawa. kicked thirty-five yards to
Chalmers on the start, and the cardinal
back carried the ball nearly to the center
before he was laid low. Stanford was
penalized for .offside play Immediately
thereafter, but when the cardinal eleven
got the ball again they carried It down
the field in four and five yard gains. After
three minutes of play Chalmers was sent
around the redskins' right end for twenty
yards and a touchdown on a trick play.
Sprott kicked the goal.
After the kick-off both teams fumbled
two or three times apiece and exchanged
punts. Stanford finally got the ball near
the middle of the field and commenced
advancing it by line plunges. Dole, Hyde
and Thompson all made steady gains,
ably assisted by the rest of the eleven In
good team work. Scholfield carried the
ball twenty-two yards through Chema
wa's right tackle for a touchdown. Sprott
kicked the goal.
The cardinal football eleven rolled up a
Bcore of 33 points against the Chemawa
Indians in forty minutes of play yester
day afternoon on the Stanford gridiron.
The redskins never made their distance.
Fortunately they had an excellent punter
in Saunders, and were thus enabled to
send the pigskin down the field when it
came into their possession.
Coacji Lanagan played twenty-one men
during the game. Stott, the cardinal's
substitute quarter, made two sensational
runs in successive plays just before the
end of the last half. The first wa$ for
thirty yards and the second for thirty
flve. The spectators on the bleachers
arose in a body and gave the agile little
chap the cheering he deserved. Chalmers
at right half, Thompson at left guard and
Clark at left end also did fine work for
the home team.
M'KAY BAFFLES
THE SENATORS
The stake will be decided on Sunday at
Union Coursing Park. It has attracted
thirty-two entries. th3 pick of this sea
son's young greyhounds. an3 will prac
tically be a renewal of the Futurity. In
addition to this an opon stake with forty
entries will be run. The <iraw last nlgfit
resulted as follows:
Junior champion and H. J. Crocker cup
Btake, thirty- two entries — Our Motto v«. Red
Brtdc: Sweet Virginia vs. Rocklin Boy; Special
vs. Qulta: Melllnwood vs Racing Auto; Balen
dlne vs. Equator; L L C vs. Mountain Light;
DonnybrooU vs. In Time; Concord Tralee vb.
Charter Member; Rosetree vs. Cubanola;
Mountain Poet vs. Aman*m; Fair Tralee vs.
Adonis; Boots vs. Duhallow; Richard Anton
vs. Ploughman; Homestead Boy vs. Rocke
feller; Finoola vs. Ml Amljjo; Free from Flaw
vs. Gunpowder. '
Open Htako. forty entries — Articulate vs.
Red Rock; Referee vs. May Connolly; Cecil M
vs. Old Ironsides; Reckless Acrobat ye. Wing
Wing; Otto vs. Magic Stuff; Rural Artist vs.
America; Flower of Kerry vs. Remlsso Anl
mo; Vandal vs. Regal Attire; Niobe vs. Belle
Free; Tralee Boy vs. Rich Argosy; Cosette vs.
Renegade Apache; FirebrKb vs. Prairie Maid;
Imperious vs. Gambit; Haphazard vs. Honest
John; Anchor vs. Vina; Irish Lad vs. Lux
ury; Clarice V3. Rapid Water; Barge vs. Game
Boy; Sempronlus vs. Fenu; Young Johnny Rex
vs. Greenhall.
THE Junior Champion stake, one
of the annual fixtures in the
leashman's calendar, is expected
to excite renewed Interest this year, as in
addition to the valuable purse an artistic
cur> has been presented by Henry J.
Crocker.
HEAVILY BACKED
MENDON SCORES
FIND CHEMAWA
AN EASY MARK
Henry J. Crocker Adds a
Valuable Cup to
the Event.
A six furlong sprint followed, for which
Legal Maxim rater a 6 to 5 choice.
Powell did his best on the short-priced
one. but could not overhaul one of the
despistd outsiders, Ingo, a 5 to 1 shot,
which led out the favorite half a length.
King Dellls took the show. Powell, on
Step Around, led from the Jump in
the sixth race, just heading out El Piloto
at the wire. Little Margaret, the fa
vorite, ran unplaced. Laureted finished
third and with better handling could have
won. F. E. MULHOLLAND.
Ira, driven by Walter Maben, annexed
the 2:20 pace in straight heats, selling a
10 to 4 choice over the field. In the 2:14
trot there were rumblings, with occa
sional external disturbances. Hollo
brought 10 and the field 7. Limonero cap
tured the first heat from the favorite in
2:18. Then Forest W grabbed two heats,
Limonero being distanced in the third.
Under the rules all went to the barn now
but Forest TV. Hollo, it was claimed, had
been eased up in his work since last he
appeared In public or €lse a set of new
shoes pinched. There was a howl at any
rate from his backers, so the judges de
clared all bets off on the race. McDon
ald, the driver of Forest W, was .fimd
$50 for laying up the first heat.
Out of the original twenty-nine nomina
tions for the Long Beach handicap, at
six furlongs, only three went to the bar
rier. The race resulted in a farcical vic
tory' for Princess Titania. The winner
was coupled with E. M. Brattaln and the
books held the stable at 1 to 4. Blissful
measured strides with Brattaln to the
stretch turn, where Chandler, on the
Princess, took command and she actually
rolled in. Blissful finished second. From
the looks of tbe betting the stable folks
apparently did not fancy the chances of
Doilie Weithoff, favorite for the first run
ning event, for her odds went from evens
to 6 to 5. She ran unplaced. Adonis, with
Jackson up and played from 2 to 3 to 2,
led from start to finish, boating Sir Chris
topher less than a length at the end.
Phyz, always a contender, ran a good
third.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 2S.— After several
rehearsals and half a dozen postpone
ments the hurdle race extravaganza was
finally produced at the matinee perform
ance this> afternoon at Agricultural Park.
It was put on with special scenic set
tings and attracted a fair-sized attend
ance. Held over one and one-eighth
mlk-s. there were only 'four starters, and
on Chicago form George Cochrane's
Jumper, Indian II. opened a 1 to 2 favor
ite. After a postgraduate course the
smart ones unloaded on Limber Jim,
knocking down his price from even money
to 2 to 5. while the odds about Indian II
went to evens. Unfortunately, Limber
Jim and Martin Brady came to grief at
the first obstacle, their respective riders,
Richards and Gilpin, luckily escaping in
jury- Then The Devil, the rank 7 to I
outsider of the quartet, went on and de
feated Indian II without great effort. The
result was practically an eagle bird for
the bookies.
Two harness events were decided, with
one favorite earning laurels. Five runs
were then pulled off, but one favorite
plugging a bullseye.
Special DUpatch to The Call.
SIXTH r.ACE— Selling, one mile:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. \ Fin.
•30 to 1— Stonewall, 10G (Boesen).. 2 5 1 h
1 to ti — Oarsman. 113 <Redfern).. 1 3 2 h
« to 1— Payne. 107 (Higglns) S 4 3 1»4
•15 to 1— Akela. 113 (Bullman) fi 2 4 4
15O to 1— Squid. 98 (D. O'Connor) .3 1 5 3
Time. 1:42 1-5. Start cood. Won driving.
¦Winner. L. Kompner'e ch. g. by Hastings-Or
tega. Bob Milliard 107 also ran.
•Disqualified lor foul riding.
FIFTH RACE — Eel'.lnK. four-year-olds and
uj'trnrfi. one and an eiehth miles:
BeUln*. Hot**. Weight. Jockey. St. »4 Fin.
7 to :•— Wild Tirate. 87 <H!ggin»). 1113
32 to 1— Highlander. llC (Kedfern) 5 « 2 h
'? to 1— Ethics. IOC (Cochran^) 6 4 3 3
Tim«, 1 -.rC. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. F. Rurlew'e br. g. by Pirate of Penzance-
Rijrht Wild. Hoodwink 1U7. Early Eve 103.
•JlcWir.iains 104, Bar le Due 102. also ran.
FOURTH RACE— The Eellerooe. two-year
olds, selling, five furlons:*:
Betting- Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % F!n.
5 t0 i — Emergency, 102 (Gannon) 2 3 1 h
<4 t0 io— For Luck. 104 (ONeill).. 112 1
j5 to 1—Monrt. H»tf (Burns) 3 2 3 1
Time 1 :00 3-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. L. V. Ball's b. g. by Bathampton-
O-isis. To! Fan W. Blythenes-s 87. Eagle 94,
Fourire 9I>, Fiorizel 94, Bob Murphy 105, also
ran.
TKTRD RACE— Handicap, all apes, one mile:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. j- t Fin.
3 to 1— Lord Badse. 107 < Fuller).. 1 2 1 h
K to 1— Hello. 107 <O'Xelll> 4 3 2 3
15 to 1 — Coloneay. 10S (Burns* 5 5 3 J
Time 1 -40 2-5. Start good. Won driving.
"Winner. W. L. Oliver*!? b. g. by Badge-Mock
ing Bird. Moharlb 08, Young Henry 126, Lord
Advocate 100, Lor.gspur 95. also ran.
SECOND RACE— Selling, two-year-olds, elx
Bettm**' Horse. Weight Jockey. St. % Fin.
3 to ft— "Wotan. 110 (Hicks) 2 j 1 >A
« to 1— Flammula. 107 UilSffins) ? * 2 4
4H to 1— RHlar.ee. 110 tO'Nelll>.. 1 5 3 1>,
Tim* l'l* *-6- Start poor. Won driving.
Winner. Hamoton Stable 1 b. c by n "-
Vndeeirted. Hiphwtnd 101, Ostrich 110. V- Hard
1P7, Ikkl 100, Sliver Foot 103. also ran.
NEW YORK, Oct. 2S.— The most com
plicated affair in the history of an East
ern racetrack occurred after the running
of the last race at Aaueduct to-day.
Stonewall. Oarsman and Payne finished
heads apart, but Itedfern. who rode Oars
man, claimed a foul, alleging that he had
been bumped. He was followed by Hig
tfns. the rider of Payne, who also made
a c!a ; ra of Interference.
After deliberation the Judges and stew
ards difaualined Stonewall and placed
Oarsman first, Payne second and Bod
Milliard which ran last ihe entire dis
tance and was beaten twelve lengths,
third Ahela which it is claimed caused
th" trouble, lir.iph^d fourth, but was dls
oualified. According to the form chart.
Squid finished fifth, but was overlooked
by the judges?. Summary:
FIRFT RACH— Handicap, ell apes, six and
a half furloriKs: _ _,
Bettins. Horse. Weight Jockey. St. * Fin.
¦13 to r— Merry E*«Ji*n<l. Ill «Brns) Z - 1 1£
6 to 1-Coaturton, U2 (Oochrane) 4 b 2 1*
2 to 1— Ice Wat-r. 115 iTroxler).. 6 * 3 3
Tim" 1212-5. Start pood. Won drhlng.
¦Winner. J. E. Seagram- » ch c. by St -^°J,^-
We Know It. Aftarita 12«5. Locket 100, Hia
watha K5, Labor 110. also ran.
Eperfal Dispatch to The Call
Aqueduct Stewards Disqual
ify Two Gallopers in
Last Rac3.
Harness Event as Usual Ends
in Cries of Fraud From
Bettors.
Two Horses Fall and an
Outsider Gallops
Home First.
Horse Beaton twelve
Lengths Gets Third
Money.
FOULING CAUSE
STRANGE MIX-UP
MIRTH PROVOKER
IS HURDLE RACE
AMATEUR REINSMAN BILLINGS SCORES TRIUMPHS AGAINST FATHER TIME
THE SAN PKAKCISCO CALL. .THURSDAY, OCTOBER 29. 1903.
JUNIOR CHAMPION COURSING STAKE
ATTRACTS THIRTY-TWO GREYHOUNDS
8
ADVZBTIS'rTMT.TJTS.
MALARIA A
Germ Infected Air. l^\
Malaria is not confined exclusively to the swamps W^x^\
and marshy regions of the country, but wherever there is f^-^r^A
bad air this insidious foe to Health is found. Poisonous fc^/sl^A
vapors and gases from sewers, and the mttsty air of damp l$i»5o£l
cellars are laden with the germs of this miserable disease, . i||EXsSf
which are breathed into the lungs and taken up by the &¦*$¦¦$
blood and transmitted to every part of the body. Then JF&w^-J
you begin to feel out of sorts without ever suspecting the vlj?'w
cause. No energy or appetite, dull headaches, sleepy and V^vj-tv
tired and completely fagged out from the slightest exer- t-^r-A
tion, are some of the deplorable effects of this enfeebling w ; r3ift
. malady. As the disease progresses and the blood becomes vwf|i \\
more deeply poisoned, boils and abscesses and dark or — -%
yellow spots appear upon the skin. When the poison is -^«£«§£2i3£^
left to ferment and the microbes and germs to multiply in ~^s— S^\^—^
the blood, Liver and Kidney troubles and other serious complications often
arise. As Malaria begins and develops in the blood, the treatment to be
S, --, effective must begin there too. S. S. S. destroys
(^4 |O^ the^ erms an( * poisons and purifies the polluted
VJ^w V^^ blood, and under its tonic effect the debilitated
S3/ constitution rapidly recuperates end the system i3
s^*^ V«^ soon dear of all signs of this depressing'disease.
S. S. S. is a guaranteed purely vegetable remedy, mild, pleasant and
harmless. 1 . Write us if you want medical advice or any special informa-
tion about your case. This will cost you nothing.
THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., ATLANTA, CA»\
• . ADVEBTISEMEMTS.
#J^ Expect
rlgj|p 3 ulirB
/ > '^>%J» If you come to
y\ f I \_ me for treatment
r A I A >^ expect to be cured.
/ r\ f yj \ I l* others hav«
• Vj>" eg Sv \ i failed, expect ro«
I » yl w^ to cure you. Un-
O. C. Joslcn, M. D. !«*« I know that I
Tbe Lending Specialist, can cure you I will
not accept your
¦ at <-. and In e\*ery Instance I treat by
original, advanced and sclentiflc methods.
MEN ONLY.
II y practice is the largest because I In-
variably fulfill my promises.
My exr*ri«*nce as a specialist In men's
dit-ixff Is of a «lxte»»n-jear quality. I
treat and cure "' WEAKN'ESS." VARICO-
CELE. HYDROCELE. COXTUACTED
DISORDERS. SPECIFIC BLOOD POI-
SOX, STRICTURE. PILES. ETC.
MX fees are fair, my cures are
permanent and yon can pay whea
cured.
Consultation and Instructive paropniet
free at office or by mall.
DR. 0. C. JOSLEN,
Cor. Market and Xearny St«.
Private Entrance, | 702 "Market street.BERLIX. Oct. 2S.— At the fifth general synod
of the Evangelical . Church 'j. Association : was
passed a resolution' declaring dueling to be a
sin and that It ia the duty of th« church to
agitate against the practice, - . __
LANE SPEAKS TO MANY.
Honesty and Sincerity the Theine of
TTi« Discourse.
Franklin K. ; Lane spoke last night to
the voters of .the Twenty-ninth Assembly
District at. Manzanlta Hall on Perry
street, between Fourth and Fifth. The
place was literally packed with people.
Lane was accorded a rousing welcome.
His speech was mainly devoted to uphold
ing the honesty and the sincerity of the
candidates of -. the * party he represented
and to showing up Abe Ruefs methods In
the present campaign.
He said in part:
Our platform stand* for sincerity and hon
esty and truth ' and I am proud " to be at tho
head of thi» party. I want yon all to be true
to yourstlvea and to this Democratic party and
stand together for a ' clean government In this
big municipality. (At this Juncture a man In
C* au&esc* sto-'.ed out "You ax* A wand
Young Men Provide ; Merry Pro
gramme, Which Is Enjoyed by
Their Many Friends. .
Mission Parlor Hall was crowded last
plght, the oc/asion l>elng the second en
tertainment and dance given by Company
E, League of the Cross Cadets. Prior to
the ' dance there was a programme of
music, Illustrated '¦ songs, specialties and
instrumental and vocal solos. The young
cadets made excellent hosts.
The programme was as follows:
Overture; opening f remarks. Major Joseph
Wesplear; violin duet. Miss Gladys Couth and
Miss Marie AbeHle, accompanied by Miss Edith
Lincoln; Spanish dance, "Miss- -Violet Hannah;
Hebrew specialties.' Llewellyn KalthonT." accom
panied by Miss Laura. Goetzee: illustrated
songs, Raymond Cederbloom; specialties. ; Miss
Nina Cook: Occidental i Male Quartet— H. G.
Dowdair (first tenor), Fred Keaer (second ten
or), James Lewis (first bass).- Gus E. Dors
(second ban); banjo . selections; ' George Pat
terson. > «;¦ ..>.¦".; ¦ - -." .- V ' ¦• - ..-' .-
COMPANY E, LEAGTTE OF
CBOSS CADETS, ENTERTAINS
Directors Take Straw Vote.*
..The board of directors of the Odd Fel
lows' Hall Association took a straw vote
at its regular monthly meeting yesterday
and it resulted as follows: Crocker* 17;
Lane, 5; Schmitz. 1.
Crocker Man Is Assaulted.
William Ahlstrand, a German citizen of
this city, went into a saloon at 30 East
street last evening wearing a Crocker but
ton. Sympathizers of the ' Union Labor
candidates eet upon Ahlstrand, and, after
tearing the button off his coat, knocked
three of his teeth out and broke his nose.
The police are investigating the assault.
Pleases Thirty-Ninth District, but
Fails to Appear at Butchers' Hall.
SCHMITZ SPEAKS W K I iTV .
Mayor Schmitz was kept busy last even
ing in attempting to attend the numerous
meetings at which he was scheduled to
appear. In the downtown district Mayor
Schmitz spoke to the retail grocers, after
which he rushed out to Park View Hall
to address the voters of the Thirty-ninth
District. He was enthusiastically re
ceived and made a good address. In part
he said:
Mr. Chairman, Ladies and Gentlemen: It U
indeed gratifying to me to see the Intense en
thusiasm displayed here this evening. 1 find
the same feeling prevails In the different dis
tricts I visit, and I now feel assured that on
November 3 there will come a heavy landslide,
and the Cnlon Labor ticket will be elected from
top to bc-.tcra by an overwhelming majority.
We shall be able to say that we fought our
fight alone and unaided, as we have bad no
paper to stand by us during the campaign. I
wish to impress upen your minds not only the
Importance of my election, but also the entire
ticket. .
Be careful how you put your marks opposite
the name* for Supervisors, as that part of the
ticket Is of vital Importance to a successful ad
mlnistratlcn.
From Park View Hall the Mayor drove
to Richmond Hail, where he addressed a
large assembly. *At Butchers' Hall, on
Folsom street, the voters of the Thirtieth
District were assembled In strong force.
The Mayor had promised them a visit last
evening, and the hall was packed to its
utmost. Schmitz was scheduled to arrive
at the hall at about 11 o'clock, but when
the time came and Schmitz was still ab
sent and all the available candidates had
taken the stand' and finished the crowd
began to file out j
A. M- Armstrong, a strong Schmitz ad
vocate, took the stand and commenced a
hot attack on Lane and Crocker. At 11:30
o'clock the chairman announced that
Schmitz's buggy had broken down and
that he was riding over to the meeting
In a street car. Still Armstrong held the
floor. ¦ By that time - Lane and Crocker
were thieves and crocks. - At 13 o'clock the
chairman, announced that Mr. Schmitz
was due in eight minutes. Jnst at that
moment Lane was making $10,000 a year
out of the office of City Attorney. At 12:10
o'clock Mr. Armstrong admitted that he
had been talking against time and that
there was no possibility of the Mayor's
arrival, as the accident must have . been
more serious than was at first supposed.
When a' man was sent out to ascertain
whether Mr. Echmitx was, on his way to
the meeting he found that his Honor was
quietly slumbering after a cold bath.
There was no accident--
JUDGE BAHRS WTN"S THE
ADMIRATION OF T, A TUTS
Trips the Light Fantastic at Enter
tainment Given by the Occi
dental Club.
The fourth annual entertainment and
dance of the Occidental Club was given
last night at Union Square Hall, the af
fair attracting not alone the members in
full force, but numerous politlcans and
candidates.
Among the prominent men running for
office present was Judge Bahrs. who
tripped the light fantastic with a grace
that was unrivaled. He danced himself
into the good graces of the ladies and
won the admiration of the young athletes
that compose the membership of the club.
The committees having the arrange
ments of the entertainment in charge
were composed as follows:
Officers: President. George W. Kelly; vice
president. V. J. Hayes; treasurer. J. J. Con
don; recording secretary. W. A. Collins; finan
cial secretary, C. S. Johnson: captain. J. J.
Condon; vice captain, J. H. Kennealy; direc
tor* — F. P. Haynes, F. A. Robertson, Aug.
Fick, E. J. Morgan. T. J. Lydon. J. C. Grtfftn.
Arrangements committee — J. J. Condon,
chairman: J. C. Griffin, F. Griffin, L. Cass,
T. J. Lydon.
Reception — W. A. Collins, chairman ;» Dr. F.
Stapff, Al Fick. E. Colbert, M. Goldberg.
Frank P. Haynea. Fred Peterson. J. M. Pen
dergast. Warren Reed, Charles McQuaide, Vin
cent Haves. August Fick, Al Thomas. J. H.
Kennealy, Chris. Walsh, Charles Johnson.
Daniel Regan, J. Smith, James II. Hanley. .
Floor— Edward Morgan, floor manager: F.
A. Robertson, assistant floor manager; Dr. T.
R. Creely. W. WintbroD. W. P. Canovan, F.
Hollaed. J. Verdier. George Lowney. ¦ Stage
director, Thomas J. Lydcn.
Howard street, between Nisth and Tenth, to
be addres^^d by Duncan K. McKlnlay, Senator
E. I. Wolfe. A. L. Hart. J. T. Nourse. John
E. McDougald. C. M. Flckert and all Use can
didates.
Thirty-secocd and Thirty-fifth Assembly dls
trfcu — Joint rally. at Mangpla Hall. Twenty
tonnii an<*?Foteoci' streets. -John S;'Partridg«.
A. P. Van Duzer. Daniel A. Ryan. Henry J.
Crocker, Fred N. Bent asd the candidates will
address the audience.
Forty-fifth Assembly District — Washington
square Hall, eomtr Union and Stockton streets.
Speeches by Jud C. Brusie. Charles H. Spear.
Daniel A. Ryan. John S. Partridge, Henry J.
¦Crocker. L. A. Rea. and all the candidates.
Friday meetings — I>ar Club. Pioneer Hall,
Fourth street, below Market: Thirty-ninth As
sembly District. Richmond Hall, corner Fourth
avenue and Clement street: Forty-second As
sembly District. Saratoga Hall. Geary street.
between Larkin and -Hyde streets; Forty-fourth
Assembly District. Austrian Hall, corner Sutter
and Powell streets; Greek- American Club, up
per B. B. Hall. Eddy street.
SPEAKERS AT MEETING HELD
LAST EVENING BY GERMAN
AJIERICANS.
Continued From Page 7, Column 7.
were intru«te/ with the expenditure of
the J17,fjOO f OQO cf bonds recently voted it
would be spent In the districts for
which it wa* voted and for the purposes
for which It was Intended. On his per
sonal honor he guaranteed that none of
the vast amount would be misused.
Gradually he gained his audience and
when he closed he was greeted uproari
ously by the very nea who had been op
posing him. As he passed out of both
meetings he was stopped and held a gen
eral handshaking reception. Without any
cf the studied art of oratory, but because
he was honest, straightforward and man
ly, he succeeded in winning two opposition
camps.
The first meeting was held In South San
Francisco at Masonic Temple at Four
teenth street and Railroad avenue. At
this meeting M. J. LJnehan made a stir
ring speech favoring the candidacy of 1L
H. Aipeltinger for Supervisor. He ex
tolled his past administration In the of
fice and urged upon his hearers to sup
port him with their whole strength.
The second meeting was held at Potre
ro Opera-house en Tennessee street, be
tween Eighteenth and Nineteenth.' John
Colby presided. In addition to Crocker.
Joseph N'ylands. Lrttiis M. Jacobs, George
H. Bahrs and a number of other Repub
lican candidates spoke.
REPUBLICAN RALLIES.
of City To-OTght.
Meetings to Be Held in Many Parts
The Republican campaign committee
has announced the following meetings for
to-night and to-morrow evening:
Twerty-nisth Assemtly District— Masaaslta,
Hall. Perry street, bttweea Fourth and Fifth
to b* addressed by Dar.iel A. Ryan. Frank J
Kurpfcy. J. O. de Forrest. Charles Craig. Henry
J. Crvcker, George Alpers and all the can
didates.
Thirtieth Assembly District— Te^tcsia Hall.
McKlnley.") Lane replied: I don't know any
thing about that but I do, know that in this
present cause I am first and I da know this,
that I try to be true to myself, and In being
true to myself I am true to the people, the
policy and the party I represent. I know
when I am acting in accordance with the dic
tates of ray conscience that I am pretty
near rUht. and bo long as I have this to guide
me I cannot g-o far wrong.
When you organized the Cnion Labor party
you did what you thought was right, but the
party you organized wu a very different
proposition at that time from the party of to
day. Ate Ruef has tumbled that party down,
so that now It is a mere shell of what it was.
Ruef has been kicked about from one faction
to another until he really does not know where
he actually stands, but in the general knock
ing about he has for the nonce landed up
against the so-called Union Labor party. We
cannot go about trying to buy votes with free
beer and poprycock. W» only -appeal to the
Intelligence of the people and ask them to drop
party lines and look Into the different char
acters of the people who are candidates for of
fices in the municipality in this coming elec
tion.
We don't want any more grafting and hood
ling in cur politics. We are fighting for
cleanness of government. We want an hon
est expenditure of money that you pay as
taxy. If you want an honest government
vote for it; If you don't want an honest gov
ernment don't vote for me.
Last week I was out at a halt in the West
ern Addition on Union street, where some of
the forces of ocr opponents — and I heard
It reported that they wera McNab people —
•prickled red pepper on the floor and tried to
break up the meeting. Their trick did not
succeed. Every one. In the audience stayed
until I had finished my speech, and I am
proud to say that a lanr* portion of that au
dience were the representative women of that
part of thlfl community. I want you all to
keep popping questions at me right along and
I will stay here all night if it takes that
length of time to answer them.
At the close of. the address, three.rous
ing cheers were given for Lane, and then'
some one proposed three "cheers tor
Schmitz. These were* given, but "with a
great Tack of gusto. The candidate for
Mayor at once ex claimed: "All right my
friends over there who are. cheering for
my opponent. I now. Invite you all to
come up to the, City Hall on the 9th day
of next January and call on me on the
first floor, where you will receive a hearty
welcome." •
J. J. Sweeney acted as chairman of the
meeting. Others who spoke were Ed
mond Godchaux. Judge Mogan, Dr. Dodge,
P. J. Curtis, John Barnett. Judge Ca
banlss and H. U. Brandenstein.
THE SAN FI^A^N CISCO OAJ^L.- THURSDAY/ OCTOBER 29- 1903.
THOUSANDS OF CITIZENS
CHEER HENRY J. CROCKER
9
IVRW ACTS I 7ACXSI
ile Watt era and Tyson; Goleraan's
Dogs and Cats; Three Richards;
Crawford and Manning:; Wenona
and Frank, and Xew Hotion
Pictures. Last Times of Water-
bury Brothers and Tenncy; Whist-
ling Tom Browne and Herbert
Lloyd, assisted by Lillian Lilyan.
Reserved Seats ..23c;B«Ieor.y ..... '.10a
Box Seats and Opera Chairs 50c
CENTRAL^"
Belasco & Marer. Proprietors.
Market St.. Near Elihth. Fhon* 9oatb 63X
/. • _ ¦ , •
TO-NIGHT— ALL, THIS WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAT A>T> SCXDAT.
Mamiooth PrixJaetlca of
UNCLE TOM'S CABIN
100— PEOPIJS IS THE CAST— 10O
CHOKU? Of*. BO <X>tOREX> PEOPLfi.
Southern Melodies. Grand Scenic Effects.
I*. R. STOCKWELJ* as IiAWTER MARK3.
IfllwCo Matinees. ............ ..10c, 13c. C5c
Week of Nor. 2— "YAUJTT FOROS."
jA^LIFOKNlAl
ft |( THIS WXEx! }£e1
I \£ I Funniest German Comedians \m \
I w 1 Ttat Erer Happened. * ¦*
Mason and Mason
;--;".' In Their Great Farcical Success,
RUDOLPH AND ADOLPB.
Next Sun.— HAVBRtra MINSTREL8.
: ¦' - * Wtth BlIXT VAN. th« "AS- 1 assssl
IVn SAS3IX OF SORROW.' B™*
Tl H E. ATRU
BASEBALL !
PACIFIC COAST LEAGUE.
, : RECREATION. PARK.
EIGHTH AND HARRISON
CHAMPIONSHIP GAMES.
THURSDAY AND FRIDAY. 3 P. M.; SAT-
URDAY. 3 P. M.
SC2CDAT... ....:..... -3:30 P.M.
OAKLAND ys. SACRAMENTO.
LADIES' DAYS THURSDAY AND rRIDAY.
Advance Sale, 5 Stockton St.
The New Yofk Insuraixc^ Department
ItisiiraiiLce Company of New YorK
RICHARD A. McCURDY, President
After an examination, asked for" by the Gompany, which occupied the entire
exapining force of- the Department from January 2 to September 21, 1903, rJ^^^^^^,
.every dollar of the hundreds of- millions handled by the Company from f i^.U^K^JSliJwSJ-j
January 1 , 1 898, tq January • 1,1 903, was checked and found accounted Jffi&^^L&~**^&p&
rcr In strict accordance with the Laws of the State. In his official sanction cf jff 9 /! \?v>
thd findings of the examiners, the Superintendent of Insurance says: oP/ \"As
"/ think it fitting to note the unusual extent and thoroughness ofS £| J^^^^^%A. !, Jc
this examination and the evidence which it bears to the conscientious '^^pf W 7 f£$S
and careful management of this large* institution," V^^^^^^^^^/wS
CHIEF EXAMINER ISAAC VANDERPOEL, of the New York Insurance Department, in his
report, says in part : " This examination just concluded, has occupied the entire time of the , I/ VV\/V V
examining force of the Insurance Department since January 2 last, and during this period of
'nearly nine months every~4«tail of the Company's transactions has been subjected to the closest scrutiny. --'Erejy facility wa£ affordet^bv.
the .Company's 'officers and the heads of its several departments, to thoroughly accomplish the work, which has been materially expedited by
the admirable methods in vogue at the Home Office in the handling of accounts and keeping of books of initial or final entry."
Condensed' from New YorK Insurance Department's Report
Receipts and Disbursements Condition January 1, 1903
JANUARY ly 18.98, TO JANUARY 1, 1903 ¦; i -.~ ASSETS
ViSSSt^HSSi^SSSSJL Compan" UnUed States bonds and other securities $2^.M0.308 02
in 1898, were then shown to be..... ..:.... $236.630. 175 78 F»»t I*" »<>«« on bond and mongige 81,586,584 ea
This sum has since been augmented from the follow- Loans on bonds and other securities.... ' 10,278,000 0O
ing sources, and these receipts have beettexamined Loans on Company's own policies . ..I : 14,620874 79
Ne^^sT^ : - :$52,257,884 72 *? *"T r'T*^ ° f k nce R buiIdIn ? h l ° *?«?>
ReneVarpremAras ... .. ?• . 1 75,03 1 ,892 62 P*ri». Berlin, New York. Boston, Philadelphia.
Consideratioh for Innuities 15,085,51165 San* Francisco, Seattle, Sydney and Mexico, and
Rents.......... A ...:.. 5.537,361 34 other real estate :..V; 32,833,323 45
PrSn^leor maturity ofledger 59 ' 346 ' 317 26 . >; Cash in bank, and trust companies.. "•J7I-J2 IS-
assets .......... 5,352,304 07 ¦ Accrued interest, net deferred premiums, etcft * 7,315,666 63
Other income -. .- 797.565 54 '
ToulTecelpts from 1897 to 1903 $313,408,837 20 $382,432,68130
I .v Toul.. - . ~ . . ...... ..>. ...... $550,039,012 98 =¦
Total disbursements from 1897 to 1903, including \ i'^*-'-« LIABILITIES
. claims and dividends paid pQiicT-bolders .. $199,892,047 15. V : - .
Balance, being .net or ledger ieiseu,, December . , „. Policy reserves, etc -.-. .r-.....$3I4,2»a,45B 19
i t « 31 '. L 902 •••¦•-•••-•¦•"^^••¦•i-'j '•• $3 M'iin'^ S^^^^^fnieg, Guarantee Fund . T. 65,119,223 It
. Non-ledger a^ets December 3K19O2, audited at - 32.680 1 70 Sgg^g 1^^ % _. \ •..->.....-. 3.020,000 00
f-Dedoct agents', debit balances, gross..... ...... 394.455 39 ,
: : Totaladmitted assets-December 3 1.1 902 $382^432^68130 *3^fl?__#
STANLY FORBES, Manager,
Rem«mber This Is the Last Week ot
JTt-tfci. F»/\ -AD
That Packs the House Nlshtly.
And Now Coat*
I KUBE^> and ROSES]
Next Monday NIskt — An OrtylnaL Funny Rural
Musical Comedy.
Our "All-Star" Cast. Including
Kolb and DtlU Barney Bernard.- Wlafleld
Blake, Harry Hermsen. Maude Aatwr. Eleanor
Jenkins.
RESERVED SEATS— Nights. 23c. 50c aad
73c. Saturday and Sunday Matinees. 23c and
50c. Children at Mattnees. 10c aad 23c
ALCAZAR Ira''
General Manager.
Th* Vnr Stock Compaay a Triasapii tor
tie Alcazar." — Says Towb TaXk.V
TO-NIGHT— THI3 WEEK ONLY.'
MATS. SATURDAT and ffCKDAT.
UNDER «£-
THE SLaw.
Wcymaa'a
RED ROBE SSl^
Etz;.. S5c to 73c: Mats. Sat. * Son.. 13c to 80c.
NEXT MONDAT— Inaugural •£ th« Autama
Comedy S«ason witA G;!iet:e's LaueMn« Hit.
TOO MUCH JOHNSON.
Hlih-CIass Specialties Every After*
noon and Evening in the Theatre.
TO-srxoirr— —^ ' "
GALA AMATBU R PBRFOIWdANCE V .
Concluaisg With-—
NEW LIVING PICTURES.
C010SZS 11BT 15 T35 DT7A5T OCCB1TQS.
VISIT TBX
"MYSTIC MIRROR MAZE"
ADMISSION. .... -10c \ CHILDREN . . .-. ,8e
/Sjy SPHEROID (Pifiaf«d) fti&
\j\ Eye Classes VI |
TV^ Opera Classes/^
fey Instruments T^
Y^J Kodaks, Photo Goods V*njJ
¦ ¦ ¦ AXVS2M11& TS. -
To-NIght at 8:15— DUSS
• AOT> MITBOPOLITAN OECHESTEA
MADAME FISK AND MR. FRANKO. Soloist*.
To-HpnowAft.atiStaip^SSSt.
NORDIGA, Soloist
Seats, *i. Si SO. $2 and $3, at Sherman. Clay
& Co-'s.
Seats Now Selling for
Ellen's Royal Italian Band
AT SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.'S.
POPULAR PRICES. "
5Oc 75c 31.OO
FIRST CONCERT HEXTSUHDAT AFTERHQQS.
And 'every night except Monday up to .and
including Sunday. November 8th. Matlneea
Saturday and Sunday.
TIVGLI^p
NOTE — Performances begin at 8 sharp; Satur-
day Matinee at 2 sharp.
TO-HISHT- — - -,
Saturday Matinee and Sunday Night.
Giordano's Great Opera. ¦ ...
"ANDRE XHBNIER."
Friday and Saturday Nights,*
Verdi's .Historical Production,
"UN BALLO M ASCII ERO '
(THE MASKED BALL.) *
Vex* "Week— "LA FAVORITA." "CAVALLE-
\ RIA" AND "PAOLIACCI."
Prices as Usual — 23c. 50c» 75c - -
' -. Telephone Bush tt.
GRANDS^!
Matinees To-Day and Saturday.
Beceived 'With, Shrieks of X.anarhter. .
LAST THREE NIGHTS
• The Famous Musical Farce Comedy,
SPOTLESS .
• TOWN V
Leslie Moroseo. Leila Shaw - and * Clever
Company of Comedians. '
. . New Songs, Dances, Specialties.
¦...*- Beautiful Girt Chorus.
DDIfCC N Ig-bta : . . . ....... .13c. 25c. 50c, 73c
iKlCCJ Matinees ......... I.'.... 13c. 25c.. 80a
* n B B 9 D I IB
. GUJFlEEKl!
GBAPE-NTJTS.
CUT IT OUT
Quit White Bread aad Coffee and Got
WelL
A tale that sound* IIk« magic, j-ct ia
but a elinple evidence cf what proper food
can do In the place of improper food:
A lady of Qulncy. IH., says: *Tt seems
impossible that I could ha\-e *one
through what I did and be alive and well
to-day. I was most of my life troubled
with a weak etcmach and severe head-
aches and as I grew older I slowly got
worse. One phyelclan treated me five
years for dyspepsia, without any help,
and I wect to another physician, who said
I had a tumor, and I believed him. I
was unable to bear even the loosest cloth-
ing and could scarcely lift my head, final-
ly becoming 1 entirely beendden.
"Then I changed to another doctor, who
said I had chronic catarrh of the stomach
and advised a change of climate, telling
me I would get well if I would winter In
California. He might as wpU have ad-
vised a triD to the moon In my case.
Then I tried -a change of diet. It seemed
I could not live on crackers and tea, nor
cculd I find anything else to agree with
me. and it began to look as though I
was doomed to die. So I made up ray
mind to eat everything that I craved and
determined to die happy, at least in the
thought of not starving to death.
"Now that I look back at it I don't see
how it is possible for a human beinsr to
live through such misery as I did. Of
course, ray stomach trouble gTew worse
and my head grew worse. I had all my
hair cut off. but It did not help rae, and
when one of my headaches was on I was
really and truly crazy and did not even
recognize my husband. The doctor would
«rive me morphine tablets to stop my
crying.
"Then a frl«nd who knew what she
was talking about advised me to give up
white bread and tea. and coffee and try
the.prefilgested food Grape-£«"uts and Pos-
tum Coffee in place. I did so and I have
bad grand results. The improvement be-
gan trcm-dlately. I had fallen from 125
pounds to S3 pounds in my sickness and
• with my hair cut off and gray, too, I was
a fright.
"In a few days after I started Grape-
Nuts I could eat a little beef and crack-
ers without the least discomfort, my face
began, to fill out and the awful distress
In my stcmach soon ceased. Then my
headaches bes^n to grow less frequent
and the eick, dizzy spells have gone from
nse-kltocether and I have reached and
passed my former, weight and am now
comparatively well and strong. I am cer-
tainly happy and I never touch coffee
now. for I ara certain that coffee and the
white bread and biscuits caused all my
trouble. As soon as my body got the
proper food it did not take it long to put
me rteht bcih in body and mind. AH the
credit is due to Grape-Nnts and Postrjm
in place of white bread and coffee." Name
«iv*n by Postnm Co.. Battle Creek, Mich.
There's a reason-
Look in each package for a copy of "the*
famous little book, "The Road to Well-
Yin«.- . _ - - «
AMUSETICEHT8.
SECOND AND LAST WEEK.
Kl'ghtfr. Includtnc Sunday. Matinee Saturday.
ROBERT EDESOM
' (Management Henry B.' Harris.)
In Richard Harding Davis'
SOLDIERS OF FORTUNE
' Sta^e Version by Augustus Thomas.
BEGINNING NEXT MONDAY.
The Merry Musical Fantasy,
"THE STORKS"
An Immense Singrlng Organization. Including
the Famous Rosebud Garden of Girls. .
ALt. AMERICAN BEAUTIES.
Every Sona; a Hummer.
SEATS NOW READY. 1
GRAND^ouU
Four Weeks— NOVEMBER 2d to 2816.
Matinees "Wed. and Sat. Each Week.
NO SUNDAY PERFORMANCES.
SALE OF SEATS OPENS
THIS MORNING at 9 o'clock
KLAW & ERLANGER'S
Stupendous Production ot General Wallace's
BEN HUR
330— Persons in .- Production—4J50
9« S«»ti Laid liiii. V* Ttlijhoat Oritri Takta.
PRICES— f 2. *1 50. *1. '73c and 50c.
- All Seats Reserved. General Admission. JL
Out ol Town Mail Orders - with remittances
filled In order received after sale opens. -
wSt ««m V »» 1 k W* , JMs^s^SM^bw^THr^W"rT^
Thi Next Radtal , ct the Series Planned ' for
- This Winter WiU B« Given on .
8ATUBDAT. OCTOBER 31st.
At 3 n. m- to the Usual Plae«,
¦ STEINWAY HALL
MR PERCIVAL. K. VAN TORX wfll pre-
side at the piano with - the aid of th« Ang«-
StrTllerbert /Williamsi
TENOR, 4
Will be th« soloist of the occasion. Compli-
mentary tickets may be had at the stora any
time beftw© th« recital.
SHERMAN. CLAT tc CO..
Sutter and Kearny sta..- 8. F.
PfllarP DON'T FAIL TO
F U ltt WW - gee the b««utlfnl
' i 1 COURT Loanfinf
Jinii room, the EMPIRB
flllU .PARLOR, the
r 1 PALM ROOM, the
liraild LOUIS XV? PAR-
D i 1 DIES'.. WRITINQ
notels roq^
-^L^P l^TTxiiT^fc^TWHALING BARK CHARLES "W. MORGAN WHICH ARRIVED HERE TUESDAY, THE FIRST OF THE BLUBBER
HUNTERS TO REACH PORT. SHE DOCKED YESTERDAY AT THE HOWARD-STREET BULKHEAD AND
COMMENCED DISCHARGING HER CARGO OF SPERM OIL. ... ......
i. y : THURSDAY. OCTOBER 20.' : v -
Sun risea ; . . .............................. 6 :31
Sun sets;;.... ..'.. 5:15
Moon Bets .:................:..:... -.0.0a a.-m.
O '; ITlmel : JTimel > vJTlme -: |Tlme|
%(—.—{ Ft. f 1 Ft. [ Ft. I Ft.
?: lH.Wla' IL-.WI :: |h W ; : )l ,W|
29-1 7:06| •«.8|l:00| ¦' 2.7| 6:401 ; 4.1|: .... ...;.
•¦ -v .:. L.W '•¦¦-;- H,W <yr- L.WI HW
30 0:42 j1.2 .7:47 - B.O 1:48 "2.3 .7:42 4 2
31 1:35 (1.3 8:25 5.2 2:80 1.8 t8:37 • 4!3
• 1 2:15 >1.4 ,8:56 5.2 3:06 "1.4 9:26 45
2: 2:54 1.6 9:28 .,5.4 3:45 0.9 10:17 4.7
: 3 3:31 1.8|9:5C .5.5 4:15 .- 0.4 11:05 • 4.8
-, • NOTE — In '. the , above exposition of • the tldea
the ' early, morning - tides - are : given ' In the - left
band • column ; and the successive tides of the
Wednesday, October/ 28. i?
Stmr Weetport, Smith,, 17 hours from West
pert. > fill iJLfflj'ffwinnnil'f nil §1 iMyjj
, Stmr ¦ Cella. Norbersr, •• 19 > hours from Albion.
f. Stmr Arctic, Reiner. . 23 . hours ¦ from ! Kureka.
• Strnr St Paul. ¦ Llndquist. , X2M days . from , St
Michael, via Nome 11 VA days, ¦ via - Seattle ; 68
hours. ¦-.'SSHSfflBSBBH MMsstHhBHMfBHHHHV
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
The Alaska. Commercial .- Company** steam
ship St. Paul arrived here yesterday from St
Michael. Cape Nome and Seattle. She brought
down v those passengers that did not leave her
St. Paul Arrives Prom the North.
The whaling bark Charles W. Morgan, which
arrived > on Tuesday, docked yesterday ; at the
Howard-street bulkhead and commenced dis
charging her cargo of sperm oil.
First Whaler Docks.
Three British 6hlps arrived yesterday -from
various parts of the world. The Simla, Captain
Bteele, .was ; 150 days from" Cardiff; the : Ben
Dearg. Captain Thorn, " was ' 150 days from
Afltwerp and the Bids ton Hill, Captain Jones.
came from Newcastle, , Australia. . In- the good
time of flftjr-flve - days. : The Bideton , Hill - has
been off the port for two* weeks,* but unable to
sail In on account cf the lightness of the wind.
The Ben Dea.ru lost some rails in a heavy
Equall on July 10 and encountered heavy
westerly gales off Cape Horn. I
Deep Sea Ships ; Arrive.
Mark Zaro, whose wife, Domenlca, fell
froa a Folsom street car last April and
was severely injured, 6ued the United
Railroads yesterday for $7000 damages.
He says her fall was caused by the care
lessness of the company's employes.
Seeks Damages for Wife's Injuries.
When Arthur O'Neill, first officer of the
steamship Doric,* remained behind when , the
liner e&l'.ed he told his friends that he wished
to take out bis license. He did not; explain
what licence. It was presumed that he, was
referring to a master's l'cenee or. some special
pilot'* ticket. It was a marriage license that
be -had In mind, , however, and on Tuesday he
secured It from Cupid D&nforth and in the
evening married ' Miss Hattle Laddrich of tills
city. Mr. and Mrs. O'Neill are now In South
ern California, where they will ' remain until
the return here of /the -Doric, when O'Neill
will have to do a lot of explaining to the ship
mates he left in. the dark as to his Intentions
in staying on the beach.
Why Arthur O'Neill Stayed Ashore.
bonds for the faithful performance of her
duties as executrix of Knauer's will. The
order was made on the petition of rela
tives of Knauer. who claim that the
woman U an adventuress. It was Inti
mated yesterday that an effort will be
made to show that she was not his wife.
Mrs. Knauer's petition for distribution to
her* of 110,000 from her husband's $50,000
estate will be heard to-day.
3£rs. Knauer Must Furnish Bonds.
Judge Troutt made an order yesterday
directing: Marie Knauer, the "widow of
Ferdinand Knauer, to furnish $60 000
The British-Austral Ian mails having arrived
en time, the Oceanic Steamship Company's
liaer Sierra wiH'eail at 2 o'clock this after
noon. She will carry a large cargo and more
than 200 passengers. More than . eighty pao-
Bengeni will leave the steamship at Honolulu.
Among the Honolulu passengers are: Majors
W. E. Berkheimer and H. B. Moon; Colonei
Mackenzie and Captain George W. Read, who
have 1 been appointed by the War Department
on board for the purpose of extending - and
making more comfortable the island army post.
Lieutenant Colonel Burton of the British army
rocs to Australia on the Sierra.
Sierra "Will Sail on Time.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. I From. I Due.
1 _ 1-
1 Crarlna Coos Bay |Oct. 29
Pomona Humbnldt v Oct. 29
Kanta Iiosa. .. San Diego & Way Po"rts|Oct. 29
Point Arena.. Mendoclno & Pt. Arena. iOct. 20
City l'uebla.".. Puget Sound Ports |Oct. 29
Arcata Coos Bay & Port Orford|Oct. 29
Ccos Bay San Pedro & Way PortslOct. 29
C'j-=cao Mexican Ports ..|Oct. 30
Eurrka Hutnboldt |Oct- 30
SanMateo.... Tacoma IOct. 30
Centennial..!. Seattle & Tacoma |Oct. 30
>trer. Mara.. China & Japan |Oct. 3'
San Pedro. . . Sun Pedro . . . / •. |Oct. 31
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. Oct. 31
rcrtiand...... Nome via Seattle Nov. 1
Nebraskan — Honolulu •. Nov 1
C«n n^ Humboldt Nov! 1
R*'r.«er Seattle & Whatcom Nov. 1
G..W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria Nov. 1
suirt i.r Cal... San Diego & Way Ports Nov. 2
Bonlta .-. . Newport fa Way Ports. Nov. 2
Olympic. Ran Pedro ...I Nov 2
a Barbara... Keattle & Olympla..... Nov! 3
Centralla Gray* Harbor Nov 3
Aiamf-da Honolulu .' Nov 3
L rr.t. t ilia Puget Sound Ports Nov.* 3
T l V l !? n £ ew York vla Panama. Nov. 4
1; D v ° nar Seattle & Tacoma... ...|Nov. r.
Newburg...... Grays Harbor .Nov 5
RJ, val • • Wlllapa Harbor ...... Nov 8
Columbia Portland & Astoria. . Nov 0
North Fork. . . Humboldt Nov 6
*•£»• £Wt Sound Ports..... Nov! S
Sonoma Sydney & Way Ports.. Nov. 9
, TO l SAIL.,
Steamer. ~ DestinaUon. | Salls.l Pier..
October 29. \~'i . ¦
BtateofCal. San Diego & Way. 8 am I Pier 11
Sierra Sydney & Way Pts. 2 pSlp er 7
. ¦ October 3O. . • 1 '
Montara.... Seattle & Tacoma: 12 mlPier 9
Arctic Humboldt 4 pm Per 10
Californian. New York direct.: ...... Pier 23
Columbia... Astoila & Portland 11 am Pier 21
•chico....... ssRS&ffis&« iBWl
Arcata. .... Coos B & Pt.Orford 10 am Pier 13
San Pedro.. Humbo dt 4 pm|Pier 2
Eureka Humboldt 9 ami Pier. 13
Pomona Hu.nboldt 1:30 p Pier u
Pt. Arena... Pont Arena ...... 4 pm Pier 2
Coptic . . • • • • c , hl " a & Japan. ... 1 P m Pi er 40
Acapulco... N..Y via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
N. Fork. ... Humboldt 5 . pro. P.er 2
O Lindauer. Astoria & Portland. 8 pm Pier 5k
Czarina..... <%**&$£*£>- « » Pier i
S.Rosa fan Diego & Way. 0 am Pier 11
Coos Bay... San Pedro & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Phoenix.... Mendoclno City.... 1 pm Pier 13
November 2. . _
Olympic...'. Whatcom & Falrh'n| 4 pm Pier 2
City Puebla. Pueet Sound Ports.111 am Pier '. 3
Centennial.. Seattle & Tacoma; 110 am Pier- 2
— *.--... •„'•. t! 'November -3. | , .
S. Barbara. Los Angeles Ports. 1 pm Pier •»
Alliance Eureka & Coos Bay 11 am Pier 16
Corona Humboldt ;...:... 1:30 pPi V a
'November :4, . ••-¦¦ • "
G. W. Eldei Astoria & Portland 111 am Pier 24
Coronado... Grays Harbor. .'....I 4,pm Pier 10
November-. B. - I |
Bcnlta...... Newport Way Pts. I 0 am Pier 11
November' 6. - ; "
Rainier Seattle & Whatcom 4 pm Pier 10
Ramses..... Hamburg &. Way.. 2 pm Pier 19
. - . November 7. .. •¦¦-.- ¦ - -
Alameda.... Honolulu 11 am Pier .7
Umatllla.... Puget SoundPorts. 11 am Pier 7 0
Curacao.... Mexican Ports... ..110 am Pier 11
Peru; N.~ . Y. via Panama 12 m Pier 40
;, ;. ¦ : '. FROM , SEATTLE. ~T~~~~
Steamer. ¦'¦ - . ... For \ _ # | Sails, i
Dlrigo... Skagway St "Way-Ports. Oct."3o
Humboldt ... Skagway & Way -Ports. Oct. 31
Excelsior. ... . Cook* Inlet & Way Pts. Nov." 1
City Seattle . . *Ekagway • & Way . Ports. Nov.- 2
A1-KI.....V. . Skagway & Way Ports. Nov.' 4
Bertha. ... . . . Valdez &. Way. Ports. ; Nov.*" 7
.Valencia ..*.. Skagway &,Way Ports. I^ov. >. 7
Gigantic Dredger Is Christened.
VALLEJO, Oct. 27.— The transport
Grant, which has been remodeled Into
a gigantic dredger to work at the mouth
of the Columbia River, was this after
noon reefcristened Chinook. All the work
is virtually completed. The pumps have
been tried with satisfactory results. Cap
tain J. Sar.ford of the Engineer Corps.
U. S. A., has arrived here and on the
last high tide next Thursday afternoon
the big vessel will go down, the channel
and be taken out to the San Francisco
bar, there to be given a three days' trial.
The Pacific Mail Company's steamship Peru.
Ceptain McKinnon. arrived yesterday from
Panama and way* ports. She brought 927 tons
of cargo and treasure, valued at $24,084. Sho
also brought the following passengers:
William H. Eely. John T. Wright. Mrs.
Mercedes Wright, John T. Wright Jr.. Miss
Carmen Melendez. Miss Clelia Sol. Domingo
Barba, Augustus Reed. Mrs. Ida E. Solomon.
Mist Bodle Solomon, Bert S. Loomis. Thomas
Reynolds, Robert E. Wade. William Brenno'i,
George B. Cosscl, Richard Clark, Thomas
Reynolds, Miss Santana Learha, Leon Llin,
Martin Cervantes. ..:.'.•¦
Steamship Peru Arrives.
Night Inspector Appointed.
John F. Barfield has been appointed
night Inspector in the Custom-house, vice
W. H. Robb,' resigned. •*. ."-
Shop- worn goods are not always de
sirable, but the ranges being sold as
such at the San Francisco Gas and Elec
tric Company are in every respect * as
good as new — slightly tarnished, that's
all. Fine ranges can be had of them at
415 Post street very cheap. •
¦'"•¦ NOTE— The high and low waters ' occur • at
the city front "(Mission-street wharf ) about . 25
minutes > later, than ; at Fort Point ; the height
of tide Is . the same at both ; places. •
United ' States ; Coast ; and Geodetic Survey —
Time . and Heights of High : and Low
Waters at Fort >¦ Point, entrance to San
Francisco - Bay. Published by official • au
-. thority • of the ' Superintendents " , ¦:.. .
Sun, Moon and Tide.
coma.
TACOMA— Sailed Oct 28 — Stmr . Mackinaw,
for San Francisco.
ISLAND PORTS.
KAHULUI— Arrived Oct 28— Bark . Edward
May. hence Oct 7. ¦
HONOLULU— Sailed Oct 26 — Bktn J L Evls
ton. for Port Townnend. Oct 27 — Schr E B
Jackson, for Astoria; Br'shlp Ormsary, for
Hydney.
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Oct 27— Stmr Sejru
ranca. from Colon. . •
. ' Sailed. Oct 27— Stmr City or Washington, for
Colon. '
BALTIMORE — Sailed Oct 27— Ship Aryan,
for San Francisco, and passed Sparrow Point.
FOREIGN PORTS. .
'ACAPULCO — Sailed Oct 2ft-fStmr San Jose,
for Panama; stmr San Juan, for ; San Fran
cIhco. Iw^wStiWE!*
HAMBURG— In port Oct 16. to sail Oct 24—
Ger stmr Nauplia; for San' Francisco. .
HONGKONG— Arrived Oct 27— Br stmr Em
press of India, from Vancouver.- Prior to Oct
28 — Stmr China, : hence Sept 29. ¦
Arrived prior to Oc< 28— Stmr • Chins Wo,
from San Francisco, •;-:.¦.,-
ROTTERDAM — In port Oct 10— Br ship Cel
tic * Monarch, for 'Victoria. -. '¦
- LEITH— Sailed Oct 27— Br ship Iqulque, for
Honolulu. -¦ ,. ", ¦ .¦•¦•'
DUBLIN— Arrived Oct 27 — Br . v ship Lang
dale, from Oregon. • .
OCEAN STEAMERS. '
LIVERPOOL— Sailed . Oct 28 — Stmr Majes
tic, for New York, via Queenstown; atmr
Westernland, for Philadelphia, via ; Queens
town. ' ¦ ¦' -. '• "
Arrived Oct 28— Stmr Ultonia. from, Boston.
. NEW YORK— Sailed .Oct: 28 — Stmr New
York, for Southampton; stmr Ryndam, for Rot.
terdam and Boulogne: stmr Teutonic, • for Liv
erpool; 8tmr United States. . for Christlansend
and Copenhagen. . ¦r~
ANTWERP— Sailed Oct 28— Stmr Switzer
land, for. Philadelphia. ...
GUVSGOW— Arrived Oct 28— Stmr Corean.
from Philadelphia, via St Johns. •
Stmr Peru. McKinnon. 22 days. from Pana
ma, via Mazatlan 5 days 11 hours.
Stmr Mandalay, Payne, 36 hours from Cres
cent City, .:
Stmr Del Norte, Green, 33 h»ur« from Cres
cent City. -. .
Stmr Montara, Rellly, 89 hours from Se
attle.. ,. ¦-• | » ', .. . . i •¦ .
Stmr National City, Hammar. 15 hours from
Fort Bragg. .- ¦ ,-. .. T ,
Btmr North Fork, Nelson, 26 hours from
Eureka. • ¦ '¦ ¦¦
Stmr Noyo, Kllefsen. 43 : hour* from Re
dondo _ . . p , . . . ,
. Stmr Scotia,' Erickson, 28 hours from Eu
reka.
.. Stmr 3 South Coast, .' Olsen. _ 15 .", hours from
Caspar; Los Medanos direct.
Ger atmr Nlcaria, RiTbarth, 158 days from
Hamburg and way ports. ' -
Br ship. Simla. Steele, ISO days from Cardiff.
Br ship Ben Dearg, Thorn, • 150 days from
Antwerp.
Br ehlo'Bldaton Hill. Jones, 65 days from
Newcastle, Aus.
Schr Newark. Relnertsen, 24 hours from
Walsh Landing.
Schr Allen A. Zenthen, 28 days from Mahu
kona.
Schr King Cyrus, Johnson, 10 days from
Tacoma.
Schr Queen, Henrlcksen, 15 days from Port
Ludlow.
Schr Mary Dodge, Olsen, 5 days from Eu
reka. *
CLEARED.
Wednesday, October 28.
Stmr * Queen. Cousins, Victoria and Port
Townsend; Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Stmr Corona, Johnson, Eureka; Pacific Coast
Steamship Co. ¦ .
Stmr Slate of California, Thomas, San Diego;
Pacific Coast Steamship Co. •
Stmr Navarro. Weber. Portland and Coos
Bay; Cal and Oregon Steamship Co.
Stmr Arizonan. Lvons, Blalne, Tacoma and
Seattle; Williams, Dlmond & Co.
SAILED.
Wednesday, October 23.
Stmr Oueen, Cousins, Victoria, etc.
. Stmr Bonlta, Alberts, San Pedro.
.Stmr Corona, Johnson, Eureka.
Stmr Navarro. Weber. Coob Bay and Port
land. - " • t'
Stmr Arizonan. Lyons, Blalne. Tacoma and
Seattle. . . "
Br bark Renee i Keveller.- Noel. New Cale
donia.
Bktn Gardiner City, Walton, Grays Harbor.
. Schr Mary Buhne, Dannevlg, Eureka.
Schr Mary Etta, I^arsfn. Sluslaw River.
Schr. Volunteer, Bresssm. Wlllapa Harbor.
Schr Mary C, Campbell. Bodega. '
SPOKEN. •
Per Br. ship Ben Dearg— Aug 12. lat 81 39
S. Ion' 65 24 W. Br ship Khyber, from Car
diff, for San- Francisco. • V.'.»v",l>
Per Br ehlp Simla— July 28,~lat, 45 24 S. Ion
62 49 " W. Ger bark Llsbeth, from 'Hamburg,
for -Santa Rosalia. ...
> Oct. 17.. lat 27 Ion 135 80 W. Br ship
Eskasonl, from Antwerp, forTTacoma.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Oct;28, 10- pro— Weather
hazy; wind NW, velocity 12 mllea per hour.
: DOMESTIC PORTS,
" PORT - TOWNSEND— Arrived C Oct 28— Br
ship' Cambuskenneth, hence Oct '15; Nor bark
Sigurd, from Honolulu; Ger bark' Thalassa,
from Antwerp. •
- Arrived Oct" 28 — Bark Coloma. from San
Diego. ¦¦ . • - - ....
EVERETT— Arrived Oct : 28— Schr Ruth E
Godfrey, Townsend, . -
SAN PEDRO— Arrived : Oct ¦ 28— Stmr Grace
Dollar.'hence Oct 25: «tmr Robert- Dollar, from
Everett;. stmr Marahflcld, from Hardy Creek.
'Sailed Oct. 28 — Stmr . Greenwood. . for San
Francisco; ' stmr < SamOa. r for :San" Francisco;
stmr Fulton, for, San .Francisco. • ,
REDON DO— Arrived Oct 28— Stmr Coqullle
River, from . Etireka. ' > ¦••
SOUTH BEND— Arrived Oct , 28— Schr Re
peat,', hence Oct. 10.
A STO1U A— Sailed Oct 28— Schr Glendale, for
San .Francisco. -.>^«CWfteH|SWg86?*W8Vr "-« ;Wj '
: Arrived Oct • 2S — Stmr Aberdeen, . henc« -JMth.
MARSHFIELD — Arrived Oct; 28— Stmr Alli
ance, from ¦ Astoria. ; •¦ >
TATOOSH— Passed out Oct 28-^-Schr Meteor,
from Port Hadlock,' for San" Pedro. -'•¦ ¦¦ ¦¦
Passed In Oct » 28— Br . ahlp ¦ Dundee, • from
Shanghai, . for ' Port • Townsend. ¦ - ; - ¦ .
Passed - In - Oct 28— Schr Susie M Plummer,
henca;Oct 18,"for Tacoma." •'¦' ''.'-'¦ '
- - Passed out Oct 28 — Br stmr ' Deucalion, for
Liverpool ; schr Admiral, . for • San : Diego. .
VENTURA— Arrived" Oct 28 — Stmr Saa 'Pe
dro, '¦ hence ' Oct ¦ 24. -.-• •¦•¦- .• >.>;•. -• ' . -
• SEATTLE— Arrived '. Oct * 28— Stmr Senator,
from . Nome ; stmr • Roanoke, from • Nome ; •. stmr
Ohio, '. from ; Nome/ ,'.:•¦...,>.., ':-,¦
¦> NOME— To ; sail . Oct 22— Stmr" Portland, : for
Seattle. ' Oct' 25— Stmr . Oregon, for . Seattle.
Oct, 27— Stmr Corwin,\ for Seattle.
> POINT REYES — Passed Oct 28, 12:30 p m—
Stmr -'Saon»» Gabriel, i from ¦ Kureka, for. .San
Pedro.'' 1 - ¦• • '• , -.._¦ >;¦¦- i, ., . Tl
- CASPAR— Sailed . Oct 28— Stmr South Coast,
for < Say. Francisco. •?¦•,. . v -
GRAYS • HARBOR— Arrived' ' Oct 28— Stmr
Centralla,, hence Oct 25.: >• .- - ¦ ' ;
. Arrived Oct 28— Schr " Falcon, ; hence Oct 20.
- EUREKA— Arrived . Oct * 28— Bktn Amelia,
frbm r Honolulu. •*.,. v.-_ .,. - .
¦ Sailed Oct 28— Stmr Pomona, for San Fran
cisco. •30WBMMlfJiCT2?tHnB*MKP*"W>BVU£ H 'V9ll
•v SAN DIEGO— Arrived Oct 2S— 8tmr Nero,
from-Callao. '--<<. >k -,";•. ..j. . ; »-• .
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived ; Oct ' 28— Br , ehlp
Claverdon, . from Port Ludlow. •?>
" '. ABERDEEN— Arrived Oct ¦ 28— Schfj Falcon,
hence Oct 20. » Ocf" 27— Schr -"Alpha; hence
Oct 18. < . : - -¦' •¦ ¦ • '<-. •¦¦ .¦' ..- • •- -. ¦.. ¦
-' PORT BLAKELEY— Sailed Oct 28— I tal ship
Herat, for • Australia; - schr v Commerce, . from
San<Pedro.V- - , \
¦Arrived •>' Oct ' 28-^Schr i Wtnslow, » from Ta-
Suits for divorce were filed by Clara
Louise Norris against W. Eugene Norrls
for desertion, Frances Dassom-ille against
Jules Dassonvtlle for neglect. Julie
Bchimmel against Emil Schimmel for cru
elty and Henriette Menges against Her
mann Menges for desertion.
Interlocutory decrees of divorce were
granted yesterday to Lydia G. Micheli
from Vincenzo Micheli for desertion, W.
H' Hamilton from Maude Hamilton 'for
cruelty, Cecelia Shovlin from Cornelius
Shovlin for cruelty, Wawona Alexander
from. J. E. Alexander for desertion. Mar
garet Spaulding from Fred J. Spauldlng
for neglect and Margarita Rico from Jo
seph B. Rico for neglect .
In the Divorce Court.
United States Local Inspectors Bolles
and Bulger have set 1 o'clock this after
noon as the time for beginning the inves
tigation Into the wreck of the South Port
land.
South Portland Wreck.
Movements of Steamers.
The United States Civil Service Commis
sion announces that an examination will
be held at San Francisco, January 4, 1904,
for the position of cadet in the revenue
cutter service. Applicants must be not
loss than IS nor more than 25 years of age.
of vigorous constitution, physically Bound
snd well formed, not less than 5 feet 3
Inches In height, of good moral character
i«nd unmarried. Applicants are advised
that cadets may be commissioned by the
President as lieutenants after two years*
Satisfactory service. The salary of a
cadet is $500 per annum and one ration
per day. Persons who desire to compete
t»h«uld apply to the United States Civil
Service Commission. Washington, D. C,
on to the secretary of the Consolidated
Board qf Civil Service Examiners. 301
Jackscn. street, San Francisco, Cal., for
acplic-aiaor form 304.
Revenue Cutter Cadets.
Matters of Interest to Mariners -and
• ' Shipping Merchants.
The steamers- Pennsylvania and Conemaugh
and the ship Henry Vlllard are chartered for
sugar from Honolulu to New York. . * i • •
The Oerman bark Thalassa (now on'Puget
Sound) was chartered prior to arrival for lum
ber thence to Freemantle at '80s 6d.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
French Bark in Collision.
The French j bark Turgot, leaving Hamburg
for San Diego, Is reported damaged in colli
sion. A survey will be held.
The survivors of the South Portland
that returned on the Chico were: James
Ward, chief engineer; T. Pezzotti, second
engineer; W. Hughes, fireman; W. Rob
ertson, fireman; Joseph Driscoll. John Mc-
Keown. oilers; Joseph Alwood, Joseph
Remos, S. Johnson, seamen; Manuel
Petsomonls, cook; William Wilson, stow
away; L. Balles and H. Webber, passen
gers. ".';_..-,
Chief Engineer James Ward, who also
returned en the Chico, says that the South
Portland's boilers did not explode, there
being no steam in them at the time the
vessel sank. What was mistaken for a
bolkr explosion was the blowing out of
the bulkheads caused by the sudden rush
of water as the vessel took her last dive.
CAPTAIN J. B. McINTYRE, who
was in command of the steamship
South Portland when she was
wrecked on Blanco Reef, arrived
here late Tuesday- night on the
steam schooner Chico. He reported yes
terday at the office of W. S. Scammcll &
Co., the owners of his ill-fated charge.
The captain seems to realize the cloud
under which he rests and has nothing to
say at present in explanation of his con
duct in hastening away from the wreck
in the one remaining lifeboat, taking with
him only five people in a boat that would
have accommodated thirty and leaving
on the sinking vessel a dozen of his ship
mates, whose only means of escape was
such a hurriedly constructed raft as they
could make with their own hands. Mc-
Intyre's report to the .Government inspec
tors will be awaited with interest. It will
not be made public until the official In
vestigation into the causes of the wreck
is held.
at Seattle and had In her etrong>-room a con
signment of Alaska gold valued at $167,163 29,
or which J79.000 came from St. Michael and
the balance from Nome. Edgar L. Hubbard,
a passenger, died at sea October' 27 from heart
failure.
We recommend A. P Hotaling's Old
Kfrk as a straight blend of the very best
Kentucky whiskies, unadulterated and
guaranteed to be the purest whisky on
the Pacific Coast. It has been matured
in heated warehouses, and is now ready
for the market. Any person who buys
a bottle of this rare old goods will not
be paying for fence ads or dead walls,
and he will secure absolutely the finest
brand ever introduced in California. •
"A'WMsky Well Matured by Modern
Scientific Methods.
A- P. HOTALING'S OLD KIRK.
Timothy Downey, 217 Third street, was
found asleep "on the sidewalk on Mission
street, between Third and Fourth, about
5 o'clock in the m6rning by - Policeman
Cook. He claimed that he had $30 in his
pockets when he left the last' saloon
where he had been Imbibing and 'it had
disappeared.
Michael McCarbrey of < Company ' E,
Tenth Infantry, went to a house at 11
Pinckney alley and when he awoke yes
terday morning $109 was missing from his
pockets. He notified Policeman Mathe
son, who arrested Lulu Green and Minnie
Johnson, colored women. They were tak
en to the City Prison and searched, but
no trace of the money was found upon
them. Lulu Green was later booked on a
charge of grand larceny.
Three cases were reported to the po
lice early yesterday morning of men who
claimed that they had been robbed while
asleep. Richard Vandenbulk, who resides
at 022 South American street, Stockton,
was drinking with several soldiers in a
saloon at Merchant and Kearny streets
and . finally fell asleep in a rear room.
When he awoke he complained that $200
was missing from his pockets.
Three Men Complain to Police That
They Were Relieved of Their
Coin.
SAY THEY WERE ROBBED
WHILE SLEEP HELD THEM
SAN JOSE, Oct. 28.— George W. Elder,
the contractor of the Interurban Electric
Railway, had a narrow escape from be
ing crushed to death by an electric car at
the corner of Market and Santa Clara
streets this morning. He' was driving
across Santa Clara street in a buggy
when a Santa. Clara street car crashed
Into his rig. The buggy was upturned and
Elder thrown heavily to the hard pave
ment. Elder struck on his right hip and
left elbow, with his - head but a few
inches from the rail. No bones were bro
ken,' but he received a bad cut on his
left elbow. '
George W. Elder Is Badly Injured.
Xdolph Miller, a butcher, employed on
the steamer St. Paul, which arrived from
Nome, Alaska, yesterday afternoon, swore
to a complaint yesterday bejore United
States Court Commissioner Heacock ac
cusing William Stewart, a negro cook, of
having clashed his left arm, from the
fhoulder to the elbow, with a sharp carv
ing knife. The cook had complained that
the butcher kept him waiting too long for
his beefsteaks. They had words over the
matter, whereupon the cook seized a carv
ing knife and the butcher grabbed a mop.
t>ut too late to prevent the cook from
ma"king the preliminary cut for a steak
from the shoulder.
A warrant was issued for Stewart's ar
rest.*
Pot Slinger Declares That the ICeat
. Cutter Kept Him Waiting for
. Steaks.
NEGRO COOK TBIES TO
CABVE A WHITE BUTCHEB
SAN DIEGO, Oct. 28.— The United States
collier Nero, Captain Shurtleff, came Into
port to-day from Philadelphia with nearly
4000 tons of coal. The object of bringing
the coal here is a matter of speculation.
Collier Nero Is at San Diego.
la view of th« larre expense to the Gorcrn
r <¦:.; Involved In weighing coal upon which no
duty U «t present collected, and as the In
voice weights are deemed sufficient for sta
tistical purposes, you are hereby directed to
discontinue the actual weighing of coal of
every description, and In lieu thereof to accept
th« invoice weights us the bae!« of liquidation
until tiie expiration of the period named in
the first section of the act of January 10,
IMS.
Some rearranging of coal contracts trill
have to be made under the new order, for
nary contracts are based upon the
¦weight as ascertained by the custom
bouse. .V; : .
The followiryr is an extract from the
crden
Four temporary assistant weighers were
dropped from the custcm-house roll yes
terday on account of an order received
from tbe Treasury Department discontin
uing the weighing of imported coal. As
explained by the circular received yester
day by Actir.s Collecter William B. Ham
ilton the change has been rendered nec
essary In order to establish uniformity of
practice at all custcm-houses In the Unit
ed States. It is eald also that since the
ffcir.g into effect of the act of January
U, 1SC3, providing a rebate of duties on
coal. SS3.4C5 tons cf that commodity have
been received in Boston. If this quantity
had be«n weighed at the estimated cost
cf 6 cents per ton the cost would have
been $44,C73£5.
PORT ANGELES, Wash.. Oct. 28.—Ef
forts so far to haul off the brig Tanner,
which went ashore last Saturday near
Elwha River, six lnilea west of, this city,
have proved futile. The vessel so far is
not damaged by the seas. Further eflcrt
will be made bv iu'ks «t .high tide to
morrow. Th'j ms captain believes the
vessel can be hauled ofl If more tugs can
be procured before the storm comes, oth
erwise she will provo «x total loss.
The Wempe Brothers was owned b:
William Oleson of San . Francisco. "" Th<
schooner was worth about $50,000.
? -.
Brig Tanner May Be Saved.
SEATTLE, Oct. 28. — The schoonei
"Wempe Brothers of San; Francisco wem
on the rocks off Manila Point on the. coast
of Vancouver Island in a dense fog and 1:
reported to be a complete loss.
The schooner was bound in for Ballan!
from San Pedro! " *
The crew was picked up' by the tug
"Wanderer and taken across to Neah Bay,
whence Information of the accident
was telegraphed to the shipping offices.
Manila Point is almost abreast of Neah
Bay on the southern coast of Vancouvei
Island.
Sccretiry of ' the Treasury
. • Saves a Large Sum
by an Order.
Tug Wanderer Rescues Ore
and Carries the Men
to Neah Bay.
Heads of Pour Customs
Employes Drop Into
the Scuttle.
Schooner Wempe Broth
ers *Is Lost Off Ma- ';
nila Point. "
NO MORE GOAL
TO BE WEIGHED
RUNS ON ROCKS
IN A DENSE FOG
THE «SAN FKANCISCO CALL, THUBSDAT, OCTOBER 29 f 1903.
- The Time Ball on the . tower of the Ferry
building. was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
1. e., at- noon "of the- 120th meridian." or at S
p.- m., Greenwich .time. - » -.
' J. C. BURNETT,
lieutenant U. S. N., la charge.
Branch- Hydrographic Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San : Francisco, Cal.,
- October 28. HHW ••'-»W'' JBlJftJI I Jfhflh maam
Time Ball;
day In the order of occurrence <i to time; ' the
fourth . time . column gives the last tides of - the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. - The heights Riven are ' !n
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height; and then the number
given ¦ is subtracted from - the depth : given by
the charts. The plane of reference Is the mean
of the lower low 11 in HUfflMi
Captain Mclntyre of the Ill-Fated South Portland
Has Nothing to Say as to Why He Deserted His
Sinking Vessel While Shipmates Remained on Board
RESERVES HIS EXPLANATION
FOR THE OFFICIAL INQUIRY
10
> SOUTHERN PACIFIC
(Main Lto. Foot of_Marfcet Street I
' UATI — FBOM OCTOBXtt 21. 1»H- — A«BIT»
' 7.00* Benlcla. 6al»ua.KliBi»«.«l»«cra-
7JH)a vS«Tme.wlni«»."Ramie>-... i .j. 7B5»>
7 J0a Martinez. San RmmoD. \«Jlejo.
Nap*. CalUtos*. S»nt» n<>»«.-."- «-Z5p
740a NHes. Ltvermore, Tracy. Lathrop.
Stock *oq ....•••••••••••••• * «*« r
8.00a DaY!«.Woodland.KniKhtt Landing.-
MarysTllle. Orovllle •¦••••;< 1 ixf'
8 00a Atlantic Kxpre»*-Ogden!«BdEa«. 10.25a
8 30a Port Costa. Martinez. Antlocu. By-
ron.Tracy,Su>ckton,8»cramento. .
Xewman. Lo« Bano*. Mendota,
Armona. Lemoore. Uaaford.
VUall*. PorterrUle ••• T -'.V 4#2 *
8.30a Port Codto. Mi»r«ae2. Tracy. Latn-
rop. Modesto, Merced. Frewo. ,
Go»nen Janetlon. Lemoore, Haa- *
ford. Vl»alla. Baker»fleld 4-93T
8.3Ca Ehaata Ezprets — DaTla. WtllUms
(for Bartlett 8prtn«i). "Willows.
tKruto, 1£«k1 Blnff. Portland /.&«'
8.30a Klles. San Jo»e. LUerniore. Stock-,
ton.Ioae.Sacr»mento.PlacerTUle.
MarysTtlte. Chico. Ked BJnff..... 4.23r
8 JO a Oatdsle. Chinese. Jamestown. 80-
nora, Tuolumne and Angels * Z|p
9.00a Martlnes and Way Stations .SslI
10.00a Vailejo- .1 12.25*
'10-00 a El Paao Passenger. Eastbonnd;—
Port Coeta, Martinez, Byron.
Tracy. Latbrup. Stockton.
Merced. Raymond. Fresno. Han- ¦
ford. Vlsalla, Bakersfleld. Los
Anjeles and El Paso- (West •>
bound arrlTes Tla Coast Line)... sl-Jo?
10C8a The OTerlsnd Limited — Ogdan.
Denrer. Omaha. Chicago. 5*3*
• 12.00V Hayward. JJlles and Way SUUons. 3-2W
t1.00r Sacramento RlTer Steamer»_......t114J0»
3J0» Benlcla, Winters.* Sacramento.
Woodland. Knights Landing,
UarysTQle. OroTfllo and war ._ __
stations
330r Bay ward, Klles snd Wsy Station*.. 7o5f
3.30r Port Costa, Martinez, Byron.
Tracy. LathroD, Modesto.
, Merced. Fresno and Way Sta-
tlons beyond.Port Costa.. 1 ??2»
330r Martlnez.Tracy. Stockton. Lodl... 1025a
4.00r Martlnez.SanU»mon.ValleJo,Napa,
Callstoes, 8anta Rosa. f2? A
4 OOP NHes. Tracy. Stockton. Lodt ...... 4.25*
4 30p Bayward. Klles. IiTington. San » t3.55*
Jose. Ltvermore » 111.55a .
E-COp The Owl Limited— Newman. Los
Banos. Mendoia. Tresno. Tolare.
BakersOeld. Los Angeles •55a
6 COr Port Costa. Tracy. Stockton 122Sp
t& iOr Hayward, Nlles and San Jos« 7.25 a
6-COp Hayward. Nlles snd San Joss. 1025a
6X0p Oriental Mstl— Oscden. Denrar,
Omaha. St. Louis. Chleago and
Kast. Port Costa. Benlcla. Sul-
lua, Elralra. Davis. Sacramento,
. Rocklln. Auburn. Colfax.
Truckee. Boca. Reno, Wads-
worth. Wlnnemncca, Battle)
Mountain, Elko 425*
S.OOp Vailejo. dally, except Sanday... . I « >«,
JOOr Vailejo. Sunday only I ""^
7.00r Ban Pablo. Port Costa, Martlnes
and Way Stations. 112S*
~ 8-C6i> Oregon A California Express— Sac-
ramento, Marysrllle. Redding. .
Portland. Paget Sound and Sast. 8-59*
9.1 Or Bayward, Nnes and Ban Jose (Sna-
dayonly) 11JS*
COAST LINE (Sarrow ea«g«).
(Foot of Market fltreet.)
8.15a Newark, Ccnterrllle. San Jos*.
Feiton. Boalaer ¦ Creek. Santa -
Cruz and Way Stations 8 51p
1 2-1 6r Newark, Centerville. San Josa,
. Kew Almaden. Los O ato»,Fe: ton.
Bonlder Creek, Santa Crai and
Principal War Stations 13.314
4.15* Newark. Ban Jose, Los Gatos snd
wsy stations tS.SS*
T3-30? Hnnters Train, Saturday only. Saa -
Jose and Way Stations. Sunday
only returns from Los Gatos .... t7 28>
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
¦ rom S AN t T.A> CISCO, Foot of Market St. f 511? n
— ma 9:00 11:C0aJ*. 1.00 300 6.15 T.M.
i-rom OAKLAND. Foot of Broadway — t*:0O S:«
t9:05 10: CO A.M. 1200 200 400 P.M.
COAST LINE (Broad tlaage).
OT* (Thlra antT Townsend Streets.)
610a San Jose snd Way Stations. 8 3O
7.00a Ssn Jose and Way Stations S-38r
8 00 a New Almaden (Tnes.. Fr!d., only), 4.1 Or ,
600a Co** t Line Limited— Stops only Saa
Jose. Gllroy (connection for Hoi-
lister), Pajaro. CastrorUIe, Sa-
linas, San Ardo. Paso Robles,
Santa M argsri U.San Lois Oblspo.
- • ' Principal stations thence Surf
(connection for Lompoe) princi-
pal stations thence Santa Bar-
bara and Los Angeles. Connec-
tion at Ca.itrovtlie to and from
• Monterey and PactQc Grove 1045p
9.00a Ban Jose, Tres Finos. Capitols,
EantaCruz.PaclncOroTe.Sallnas,
San Luts Oblspo and Principal
Way Station* 4-10*
1030a San Jose and Way Stations........ 1.20*
1140a Santa Clara. San Jose, Los Gatos
' and Way Stations ...V 7.30f-
IJOr San Jose and Way Stations 8.58a
3. COr Pacific GroTe Express— SantaClara
Pan Jose, Del Monte. Monterey.
' Pacific Grove (connects at Santa
Clara for Santa Cruz, Bonlder
Creek and Narrow Gauge Polats)
at- Gllroy for Holllster, Tres
Pino*, at CastroTlIle for Salinas. 1 2.15*
3 -5 Or Gllroy Way Paaseuser..: 810.43a
I4 45r San. Jose, (vl* SantaClara) Los
Gatos. and Principal Way Sta-
tions (except Sunday) t9-28A
<5-30p EanJoseandPrlnctpalWayStationa fS.OOA
800p Sunset Limited. Eaatbound.— San
Lnis Obtspo. Santa Barbara, Los
Angeles, Demlng. El.Paao. Kew
Orleans, New York. (Westbound
arrives Tla San Joaqntn Valley)... u8 25 a
tS.ISr 8anMateo,Beresford,Belmont,San
Carlos. Redwood. Fair Oaks,
Menlo Park. Palo Alto. 18.43 a
b.iOr Ssii Jose and WaySUtlons. 8.38a
11 .SOT South SanFranclsco. Mlllbrae. Bur-
llngame. San Mateo, Belmont,
Ban Carlos. Redwood, Fair Oaks.
Menlo Park, and Palo Alto 8 45p
«1130r Mayaeld, Mounuin View, Sunny-
vale, Lawrence, Santa Clara and
. - San Joae tS.48* 1 '
A for Morning. '. P for Afternoon.
t Sanday only.
I Stops at all stations on Sunday,
t Sunday exeepted. a Saturday only.
e Via Coast Line. «c Via San Joaquln Valley.
Of Only trains stopping at Valencia St. southbound
•re6:10A.*..r<:O0A.H..ll:3OA.M., 8:o0p.K.and«:30r.«.
CALIfOENU NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
SAN FRANCISCO ANU NORTH PACIFIC
BAZXiWAT COMPAHT.
Tlbttroa Terry, root of Mariet Street.
SAN TEAIf CISCO TO BA.lt EAPAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30, 9:00. 11:00 SL..m.; 13:35.
1 3:30. 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra, trip
at 11:30 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p.m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:30,
I 6:00. 6:20. 11:30 p. m.
SAXT BAFASXi TO SAX FBA2TCXSCO. :
- WEEK DAYS— 6:05. 7:35. 7:50. 9:20, '11:15
a. m.: 12:50. 3:40. 5:00. 5:20 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:05 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:40.-11:15 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40.
4:55, 5:06. 6:25 p. m.
Leave. I In ICffect I Arrivs
San Francisco. | Sept. 27. 1903. [San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I Deatina- I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. | Uon. | days. | Days.
7:30 a 8:0Oa 9:10 a) 8:40 a,
9:30 a Igcacio. 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30p 3:30p 6:05p 6:20 p
5:10p 5:00 p 7:35 p
7:30a ~ ~~ 9:10a 8:40 a,
8:00 a Norato. 10:40 a 10:20 a.
3:30 p 9:3Oa Petaluma 8:05 p 8:20 p
6:10 p 3:30 p and* 7:35 p
' . - 5:00 p Santa, Ross* ' .
7:30 a 10:40 a 10:20 »
- » , 8:00 a . Fultoa. 7:33 p 6:20 p
3:30 p 3:30 p
¦ ' • . Windsor.
7:30 a S:0Oa Healdsburf. 10:40 a 10:20 a
Lytton.
3:30 p 3:30 p Geyservllle. 7:35 p 6:20 9
¦ Cloverdale. ' ¦ '
7:30 al 8:00 at Hopland. 110:40 a 10:20a
3:30 a| 3:30 p| and Ukiah. |7:35p 6:20 p
7:30a| 8:0Oa| Wllllts. 17:35p!6:2Op
7:30 a) 8:COa| ~ ~" 110:40 a[lO:2O a
3:30p|S:30p| Gnerne-yllle. I 7:35 p[ 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 a! . Sonoma. . I 9:10 al 8:40a
5:lQp| 5:00 p| Glen Ellen. | 6:05 p| 6:20 p
7:30 a) 8:C0a| ¦..¦¦¦ 110:40 a|10:20«
3:S0pl3:30p| Sebastopol. (7:35p|6:20p
STAGES ¦- connect at Green Brae for San -
Quentin; at Santa Kosa for White Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton for Altrurta and Mark West
Springs; at L-ytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey. '
servllle fur Skagss Springs: at Cloverdale for
the Geysers, Boonevllle and Greenwood; at -
Hopland for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs,
Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay, Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy
Springs. Saratoga- Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs. Upper Lake. Porno..
Potter Valley. John Day's, Riverside, Llerly"». ¦
Bucknell's Sanhedrin Heights, HuUvUle, Orr"s
Hot Springs. Halfway Ho-ise, Comptche. Camp
Stevens. Hopkins. Mendocino City. Fort Bragg.
Westport. Usal; at Wllllts for Fort Bragg
Westport. Snerwood. Cahto. Covello. Layton-
vllle. Cummlnus. Bell's Springs. Harrta. Ol-
sen's.' Dyer. Garbervtlle. Pepperwood. Scotia
and ¦¦ Eureka. - .
Saturday to Sunday round'-trlp tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office, 630 Market street. Chronicle
buildlns.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
.. '< '¦" -Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
fEEMCALL
.16 Pages. $1 per Year
ADVEBTISKKENTS.
" It is always sunrise
somewhere in the world."
Pears' Soap is sold all over
* J3*tabiifcne<i 17891
. BAIIWAY. TBAVETj.-
The Only Doable-Track Railway Between
the Missouri River and Chicago.
The
1 ! The Most Luxurious Train in the World.
Electric Lighted Throughout.
Buffet-smoking cars, with barber
and bath, Booklovers Library, din-
ing cars, standard and compartment
sleeping cars and observation cars.
Less than three days San Francisco
to Chicago daily without change, via
Southern Pacific,
Union Pacific and
Chicago & North-Western Rjs.
Leaves San Francisco daily at 10.00 a.m. Two
other trains daily at 8.00 a. m. and 6.00 p. m.
For tickets, sleeping car reservations and
. full information apply to agents Southern
Pacific Co., or
R.R.RITCHIE, '
General Agent Chicago Sc North- Western Railway.
617 Market Street,
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL
NWJJ
Popular Excursions
To the East.
There are many reasons why oar
Personally Conducted exenrsion parties
are so popular— one of them is the char-
acter of our special conductor service.
Our • conductors are picked .men.
They must be competent and well
informed, of course, but besides that
- their manner and way of taking care
of things must be acceptable to our
¦ patrons. . .
A cheery, good-natured, willing, well-
informed conductor can add greatly to »
the comfort and pleasure of the party.
Our conductors are of this sort.
You can rely upon that. . .' ..
Kindly inquire about our Personally
Conducted parties before you make up
your mind how to go East.
$6 for a double sleeping berth to
- Chicago or St. Louis.
W. D. SANBORN, Gen'l Agt. Burlington Route.
631 Market Street, San Francisco.
844 •
f CALIFORNIA \ !
1 LIMITED TO CHIOAGO |
M Leaves Mondays and Thursday* ¦ '
n at 0:30 a. m., through la 8 days, H
|| with diner and all trappings* fi
Other Santa Fe Trains: . t
V™ ** !5' I Stockton, Freano, Baktrafield. ?
J-* *• m - f Merced, Hanford and Visalia.
4.00 p. m. for Stockton. «
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City, Grand Cxnjoa and
. Chicago. j
Ticket Officm: 641 Market St., and Parry t
Depot. S. F. Also 11U Broadvay, Oik-
lud, Cal.
npSBBBj TO SAN RAFAEL "
SAN QUENTIN, !
l^lJJil^l MILL VALLEY, -
hSs33 C ? ZADERO>ETC ?
jffl^^^lgS^^j Via Sausalito Ferry.
¦ Suburban Service. Standard Gauge Electric—
Depart from San Francisco Dally — 7:00, •8:00.
•9:00. »10:00. 11:00 a. m.. T12:2O, n:43. »3:15, ',
4:15. »5:15. 6:15. 7:00. 8:45., 10:20, 11:45 p. in. .
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
—tfally— 5:25, •6:35.»7:40. '8:35. »9:35, •11:05
a. m.. »12:20. 1:45, •2:55,, *3: 45, 4:45. »5:45,
•6:45. 8:45, 10:20 D. m.
Trains marked (*) run to and from San Quen- J.
tin. ' >•-
FROM UILLkVALLET TO SAN FRAN-
CISCO— Daily— 5:45.' <r:55, 7:52. 8:55. 0:55
11:20 a. m..' 12:35.. 2:00, 3:15. 4:05. 5:0S; 6:05! ;
7:05. 0:00. 10:35 p.'rn..
THROUGH TRAINS. v -
¦ 8:00. a. m., week days — Cazadero and way '.
stations., ¦ ' J
. 6:15 p. m..week daya (Saturdays exempted) ~
Tomales and way stations. : ... _
3:15 r. m.. Saturdays — Cazadero' and way '
stations. ¦ " . '. .j
Sundays only — 10 a. nv. Point Reyes and way —
stations. . ';:¦¦¦.
TICKET OFFICE— 628 Market ttf I
FERRY— Union. Depot.- foot of Market »t. ~
Mt; Tamaupais Railway ~
¦ • Leave - . JU Saouiito tvrj Arrive '¦ S
SanFrandsco Foot *flUrk«t St Saa Frandsco jj
Week San- \JBRT Sim- Week s.
Days, days days Days. tl
•U:Dai*8:00A fi»|$i£wi@| 12:05 pfo^Ol "
•1:45p 9:OOa lfi5£SSaElf I:35p8:5i>p K
5:15p 1O:OOa 3:50p 5:5Op g 4
11:OOa 4:5Op 9:50p S
~.~-~. l:45p ' ISiy 5:5Op ..__„ 2
~...™. 3:15p , ¦ T;So» -•,..../ 3
*O»aaaetTithVhg«fcr ' Illpa* tad TuIot Ci»i H
n«n } 626 Markkt ST.,(Nortli Shore Railroad) £'
OrnCO } and S aus auto Feaky Foot Market St.SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fraa
clsco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
600 Andes 19 200 Mexican P5
20ft Best & Belch. 1 M 10O Occidental ... 21
50 Caledonia 96 10ft Ophir 140
10ft Con Cal A V.I 15 60O Overman .... 31
100 Crown Point.. 14 100 Savage 21
200 Gould & Curry 2H 200 Utah 17
600 Kentuck 01
Afternoon Session.
2<V> Alpha 07 1 100 Overman .... 20
50ft Andes in MO Potoil 1(1
10O Con Cal * V.I 13 5C0 Savage 2ft
200 Gould & Curry 2» 20ft Seg Belcher. . 04
SCO Hale & Nor.. 62| 2**> Sierra Nev... M
"Oft Mexican ...V. 03! 200 Silver Hill... 59
200 Ophir I 40'
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the Paclflc Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
2Oft Andes ISi 30ft Potosl 17
10ft Con C & V.I 121-, 2<1ft Sierra Nev... 41
100 Con Cal & V.I 15 200 Sierra Nev... X»
30O Exchequer ... IB 200 Silver Hill... 59
400 Gould A Curry 23 SCO Union Con.... 82
Afternoon Session.
°PO Andes 171 30ft Savage 2ft
200 Cen Cal & V.I 13 300 Sierra N»r... S«
vhx> Crown Point. 14 200 Sierra Nev... 37
W> Exchequer ... 1« 2<W Silver Hill 5!»
10ft Hale & Nor.. 52 20ft Union Con 5»>
30O Mexican 3-' ! 200 Yellow Jack.. 37
200 Potosl ___
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the Tonopah
and San Francisco Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
50ft Mont Tono... Pt[ S00 Ton N Star.. 34
COO Ton * G W.. OS I
. Afternoon Session.
600 Drap G M Co. 1JI 100 Tcnopah Bel.. 99
85C0 Esperanza ... C2l
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAT, Oct. 28. — 1 p. m.
Bid. Ask. ) Bid. Ask.
.Mpha 07 CS Julia 05 07
Alta > 03 04 'Justice M 05
Andes 17 lS.Kentuck 01 W2
Belcher 13 13 Keyei * Gra.l 75 I 80
Best & Bel.. 1 20 1 .10 Mexican 92 94
Bullion ..:... 09 11 Occidental ... 20 22
Taledonla SS »3 Ophir 1 49 1 45
Challenge Con 2« 20 Overman .... 1» 2O
Chollar 1« 17|Poto«l 1« 17
Confidence ... «0 CT. Ravage 20 21
Con Cal & V.I lft 1 15 (Scorpion 01 OS
Con Imperial. (« 04 (Seg Belcher.. 04 OS
Con N Y '0(5 08;Slerra Nevada S3 37
Crown Point. 13 15|s»tlver Hill... M 60
Eureka Con.. — 60St. Louis 11 —
Exchequer ... 1« 17 Syndicate ... fl4 (VJ
Gould & Cur. 23 24 Union Con... 51 XI
Hale * Nor.. 52 54 Utah 1* 17
Lady Wash... 03 0-i» Yellow Jacket 3« 39
TONOPAH MINES.
Bid. Ask.) Bld.Aik.
Esperanxa ... 01 02|Tt>n & G W.. 04 05
Lucky T Con — 10;Tonopah of N — 8 SO
MacNamara . 11 15[Ton N Star.. 32 —
Mlzpah Ext.. — 31(Ton Midway. — 28
Montana Ton. '9O 92; Ton & Salt T# IS —
Rescue ...... 05 (.'« United Ton.. 10 IS
Ton Belmont. 80 1 00J Utopia It —
T A Calif.... — 20i
Stvck and Bond Exchange.
WEDNESDAY. Oct. 25—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. Bid Ask
4s qr coup...Ul%imi 4s new. ..135%i:«^
4s qr reg lll%112«i 3» qr coup.. . _ 100%
MISCELLANFOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 6s. — — %eanlc S 5s 75 79
Bay CPC 5s. — 103% Jm C R « 8 . _ 122Ji
Cal C O 6s.lO4tt — Pac O Im 4« - 9.$
Cal O & E g P E Ry 6s.. 108^109
m k ct 5s. — 1021; P Sz C H 6s. — _
Cal-st 5s.... — — P & O R 6s.ll«% _
C C Wat 5s. — XOSYj Powell-st «a.U2%
¦E L * P 68.124% — S E GAR 5s — ' 103U
F&CHfls..— 116 PF & SJV 55.115 117
Geary-st T.9.. 45 90 S R of C Cs.112% —
H C&S 5%s.l01 — 3 P of A 6s
H C & S Os. — 100 (1900) _ iosw
Hon R T 6S.106V410S (1910) ¦. . . .JC.9%100%
L A Elec 5s. 09 — 8 P of C 6s.
LA Ry 69..112%113% (1905)Sr A.102U1021k
L A LCo6s. — — (inO5)Sr B.103 105
Do gtd 6s. — — (19O«) 104V a l0C
Do gtd 5s.l02%105% (1912) — 114%
LAP lem 5s. — 101 SPC leg 6«. — 118%
Mkt-st C 6e.ll8 — Do stmpd.lO$K109
Do lem 5s. 112 — • S P B R «s. — 134
NRR of C 6s — 107% 8 V W 6g.. — io«u
. Do 5s 114 < 115 Do 4s 2dm. 90$: —
N P C R 58.106 109 Do 4s 3dm. W» —
N C R 6s... — 112 Stkn G*E 6s 95 102%
N-C P C 5s. — — i: G 4 E 5s. — —
N S R 5s... — 101- STOCKS.
O G L H 5s.l07%10O I Contra Costa 41% 43
Stocks continued quiet, but as haa been the
rule for a day or two, there was a fair business
In bonds. The eas stocks were firm and Gas
and Electric advanced still further to $tff» 87%.
Neptune Oil and Development Company of
Fresno ha« levied assessment No. 1 of %c per
share on the capital stock of the company, to
become delinquent November 25.
Imperial Oil Company' has declared a dUidend
of 20c, amounting to $20,000, payable Novem-
Thtrty-three Oil Company has declared a
dividend of 10c per share, amounting to $10,000
payable November. 6. •
Bran and Middlings continue In good shape
for sellers, the demand being good, though
prices show some change.
The circular of Somers & Co. says of Hay:
"There has boen a marked diminution In
shipments of hay during the past week the
total with to-day's arrivals being 1900 tons In
comparison with 2400 tons for the week pre
ceding. These are the lightest arrivals noted
for several months, but In spite, of this fact
we can report no particular change with the
market here. Dealers have been working on
their city warehouse stocks, evidently believ
ing that prices should show no material
change for some little time to come. It looks
to us,, however, as though there might be a
mm* rial advance very shortly, due to a con
tinuance of light receipts. The railroad com
pany admit their Inability to furnish cars as
required and some officials predict a worse
state of affairs than was experienced last win
ter. During November and December of 1902
cars were exceedingly scarce and shipments of
hay were so light that prices took quite a
jump during that time. We are Inclined to
look for a recurrence of this *tat« of af
fairs and believe that shortly After th* 1st
of November our local market will be $1 per
ton higher than it Is to-day: There Is, of
course quite a bit of hay around the bay
available by boat, but by far the greater ma
jority of the crop cannot be so marketed. If
the rain continues to hold off there will be a
still stronger tendency toward higher prices
In the near future.
"There Is very little of Interest to be reported
here concerning our local market at the pres
ent moment. Alfalfa constitute* . the main
portion of shipments by water and most of it
has been contracted for previous to Its arrival.
Other grades show no change.
BRAN— *20 50®22 per- ton.
MIDDLING9^-*25 60028 . per. ton.
i SHORTS— $20 50®22 per ton. .
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $24©25 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $26®28 60; Job
bing. $27@27 60; Cocoanur Cake. $2l®22: Corn
Meal. $30«31; - Cracked Corn.- $30 5O®31 50;
Mixed Feed. $22 50@23 60; Horse Beans, $30©
40 our ton.
HAT- *Vheat. $13@1«, with sales of «tra
choice at $16 50; ' Wheat and , Oat, $12 50®
15 80; Oat, $12 50®14 50; Wild Oat, $11 60$
Hay and Feedstuff s.
FLOUR — California Family Extra*. $4 600
4 85. usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $4 50@4 60;
Oregon and Washington, $3 90@4 20 per bbl
for Family and $3 &0@4 40 for Bakers'.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices In packages ar* a«
follows: Graham Flour, • $3 25 per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour, $3 25; Rye Meal, $3; Rice Flour,
$7; Corn Meal, $3 25; extra cream do, $4; Oat
Groats, $4 60; Hominy, $4@1 25; Buckwheat
Flour, $4 50ig4 76: Cracked Wheat, $3 75: Fa
rina. $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50: Rolled
Oats.tbU, $7 25@8 60; In sacks, $6 7."4js 10;
Pearl Barley. $6; Split Peas, boxes, $7; Green
Peas, $5 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
CHICAGO. Oct. 28. — Under th« Influence of
the large export buslne™ of yesterday and
more reassuring news from St. Louis In re
gard to the bank situation there, wheat opened
firm with' a good general demand. December
being up %6"4c. at 80"54«80%c. Traders
watched carefully the action of the St. Louis
market and when prices there began to de
cline soon after the opening, apprehensions of
further trouble seized the pit and a selling
movement begun, which became general
when the December option at St. Louis showed
a. lo«« of over a cent within the. first hour.
Prospects of increased receipts In the North
west also helped In bringing out selling orders
and the market soon became weak, December
declining to 80%c. The uncertainty of condi
tions In th« Southwestern market caused trad
ers to withhold irders and await developments,
which resulted In a tame market toward the
middle of the day, with prices holding about
steady. I/at*, strength In corn, with a recovery
at St. Louis, caused fair buying by pit traders
during the last half-hour and the early loss
wan all regained. December closing He higher,
The early strength In wheat caused a firm
tone in corn ftt the opening, but later, with the
decline In wheat, there, was much corn for sah\
and price* eased off. December closed at 44 %c
a gain of %&**<?.
• Oats, were Influenced mainly by the Action of
wheat and corn, showing some d<>pllne early
In the session and later rallying and closing
at a small gain. December closed %c higher
at 36%c.
Trade In provisions wsn extremely dull, but
Inclined to firmness, considering the decided
weakness In hogs reported from the yards. Buy.
Ing by packers was the chief source of sup
port. Closing prices were firm, with January
pork up 10c at $12 10; January lard a shada
higher at $6 65@« 07% and ribs 5c higher at
$6 32%.
The leading futures ranged as followi:
Chicago Grain Market.
The Western Sugar Refining Company
quotes as follows, per lb. In 100-Ib bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed, 5.85c;
Powdered, 5.70c: Candy Granulated. 6.70c; Dry
Granulated, fine. 5.60c: Dry Granulated, coarse.
5.00c; Fruit Granulated. 5.00c; Beet Granu
lated (10O-lb bags only). 5.40c: Confectioners'
A. 5.60c; Magnolia A. 6.20c: Extra C, 5 10c;
Golden C. 5c: "D," 4.90c; barrels; 10c more;
half barrels. 25c more: boxes, 50c more; 6O-lb
bags. 10c more for all kinds. Tablets — Half
barrels, 6.10c: boxes. 6.35c: H. & E. Crystal
Domlnos, 8.25c per lb. No orders taken for
less than seventy-five barrels or Us equivalent.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 28.
Flour, qr sacks. . 13.345 Hops, bales 267
Wheat, centals.. 21.912 Wool, bales..... 395
Barley, centals.. 112,02? Screenlngs.sacks 60f<
Oats, centals.... 590 Feed, sacks "65
Corn, centals 2,540 Broomcorn. bales 91
Rye. centals..... GOOjTallow. centals.. 215
Corn Meal (east) 550 Pelts, number... 430
Beans, sacks 10.572:Hlde«. number.. 1.19.1
Potatoes, sacks.. 4.530 Raisins, boxes... 4, SCO
Onions, sacks... 390. Leather, rolls... 162
Bran, sacks 135|Wlne. gallons... 91,000
Middlings, eacks 62? Sugar, centals., 1.7S0
Hay, tons 3351Chlcory. barrels. 37
Potatoes, sacks.. 67 Wool, bales 25
Mining Stocks.
Copper remained nominally unchanged at $11
for lake, $13 75 for electrolytic and $13 50 for
eastlnir In the New York market, but was
lower In London, where spot declined 12s 6d
to £5S 7s 6d and futures 12s 6d to £57 15s.
Lead remained quiet at $4 50 in New York,
but declined 3s Id In London, where it closed
at £11 5s.
Spelter was unchanged here at $0 12% and
at £20 15s In London.
Iron closed at 48s 0d In Glasgow and at
42s 9d In Mlddleaboro. Locally Iron was quiet;
No 1 foundry, northern. Is quoted at $15 50@>
16:' No. 2 foundry, northern, at $15ffjl5 50; No.
1 foundry southern, and No. 1 foundry, south
ern, soft, at $14 5OS15.
NEW YORK. Oct. 28. — Spot tin advanced
10s in London to £118 and futures were 12s Od
higher at £118 10s, Locally tin was quiet
and lower, spot closing at $2«®26 25.
Neiv York Metal Market.
Late nvil advices from New York say: "That
thero J3 a great deal more activity In Dried
AprL*>ts this week seems to be undoubted. In
£><te of the fact that prices are high. Tht.
cause assigned for this spurt of activity la
that the French crop seems to have been a
failure, and It Is probable that a considerably
Increased foreign demand may result, tending
to maintain values for some time to come at
Isast."
. 1 FRUIT— Apricots. 7^8%c for Royals and
OflilOc for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples. 4%
«?5%c; sun-dried. 3%®4c; Peachis, 4%@6%c;
Pears, 6® 10c; Nectarines. 4@6%c: Figs, white,
4«?4*4c in boxes: black, 4%c. ; Plums, pitted,
e@8c per lb. >¦
PRUNES— 1903 crop, 2%S3c for the four
sizes.
RAISINS — F. o. b. prices, Fresno, for 1903
crop: 50-lb boxes — Loose Muscatel, 2-crown.
5V4c per lb; 3-crown. 5%c; 4-crown, 6%c; Seed
less Muscatels. 4>4c: do floated. 4 Vic; un
bleached Sultanas, 4%c; Thompson's Seedless.
5%c. London Layers— 2-crown, $1 25; 3-crown.
$1 35:"4-crown clusters, $2: 5-crown Dehcsae.
$2 60; 6-crown Imperials. $3: Malaga Loose. 2
crown. 5o per lb: do 3-crown. 6%c; Valencia
Cured. 4%c: Paclflc do, 3%c: Oriental do.- 2%c.
Seeded Raisins — l«-0i. packages, fancy. 8c per
lb; choice, 7 %o; 12-Oz. packages, fancy, 6%c;
choice. 6*ic: In bulk, fancy, -7% c; choice. 7%c.
NUTS— Walnuti, No. 1 softshell, I3%c; No.
2. ll%c; . No. 1 hardshell, 13c; No. 2, lie;
Almonds, lie for Nonpareils. 10%c for IX L.
lOVic for Ne Plus Ultras and 8%c for Langue
doc; Peanuts. 6®7c for Eastern; Pecans. 11@
13c: Cocoanuts. |4 50@5; California Chestnuts,
10(gl5c per lb.
HONEY — Comb, new, 12@14c for white and
9@llc for amber: new water white extracted.
6%@6c; light amber extracted, 4%@6%c; dark,
4®4ViC. ' ' - • ¦'-';¦ ¦ ¦
BEESWAX— 27629c.
Dried Fruits,Nuts, Raisins, Honey
The fruit market was quite active under a
good demand for shipment on the Puget Sound
steamer. Grapes were the leading feature and
supplies of choice stock In crates were Insuffi
cient to satisfy the demand. The top quota
tion was obtained only for the Tokay variety,
65c being the ruling price for the other kinds.
Receipts of large open boxes from Martinez
were very llcht and dealers were enabled to
clean up the old stock that had been accumu
lating for some days. The quotations for Wine
Grapes were largely nominal, as the demand
was light and dealers were willing to clean up
the general run of offerings for what they
would get. Apples were quiet and the top
quotation was obtained only for exceptionally
fine lots of Spltzenberg and Newton Pippins.
$1 being about the top for the general run of
fancy stock. Good Quinces were in fair re
quest and steady, but there were a lot of culls
offering which could not be sold at any price.
Fancy Pears moved freely at steady rates,
while low grade offerings, which were abund
ant, were overlooked. The other tree fruits
were unchanged. Supplies of Melons were
more than sufficient for requirements and
prices were unchanged.
Strawberries and Raspberries were In ample
supply and prices showed but little variation.
There were 110 Huckleberries offered. There
was nothing new to report In Citrus or Tropi
cal fruits.
STRAWBERRIES — Longworths, $5®11 per
ehesf large berries, $1 50®3 for Mallndas and
$405 for the other varieties.
RASPBERRIES— $3 60@« oer chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— Nominal.
CRANBERRIES— Cape Cod, $9 50 per bbl;
Coos Bay. $2®3 per box.
APPLES— 90c@$l 25 per box for fancy. 60@
S5c for good to choice and 2S£N0c for common.
PKARS — Bartletts, nominal; winter varie
ties 40©75c per box for common and 75c©
SI 25 for Winter Nellls.
QUINCES— -I0tf60c per box.
FU.S— 50@75c for drawers and single layers
and $1«?1 60 ' for double l»yers.
POMEGRANATES— 80©75e for small boxes
and $2©2 B0 for large.
PFRSlMMONS— 50c<ff$l per box or crate.
PI CMS — Coe's late red, 5<>@65c Der box.
OR\PES— 25#40c for small boxes, 60@75c
for crates »nd 75e<g$l 25 for large open boxes;
Wine Grape*. $18821 per ton for Zinfandw
and $14^10 for Mission; White, $15@16 per
'"MELONS- Cantaiouws. 75cig$l 25 oer crate;
Nutmeg MelorA4O(g83c per box.
CITRUS F1WITS — Orantes, $2 5OS2 75 for
fancy Valencia^ $2($2 25 for choice and Sl'sfi
I 60 for standard: lemons, $1®2 50 per box;
Grape Fruit. $1 60<S2 50; Mexican Limes, $4®
4 50- Bananas. $1@1 75 per bunch for Ha
waiian and $2Q3 for Central American; Pine
apples. $2@2 60 per dozen.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits
EVAPORATED APPLES — While demand Is
not particularly active the market continues
firm with common quoted at 4ij4%c. prime at
5%<&7c. choice at 6^@«*ic and fancy at 7c.
PRUNES — Spot prunes show little change
and demand unchanged, with quotations rang
ing from 3V4c to 7c for all grades.
APRICOTS — There Is a fair demand for
apricots with choice quoted at 4%@5%c; extra
choice at togiO%c, and fancy, 11&12%c.
PEACHES — In rather quiet request, but are
steadily held at 7»4@7%c for choice and 7»;@
8 tic for extra choice and 9V4@10>4c for fancy.
DRIED FRUITS
NEW YORK, Oct. 28.— FLOUR— Receipts,
23.370 barrels; exports, 16,760 barrels; quieter,
but held at old Prices.
WHEAT— Receipts, 59,475 bushels; spot,
steady: No. 2 red, 88%c elevator: No. 2 .red,
87%c f. o. b. afloat: No. 1 Northern Duluth,
fC%,c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Manitoba,
nominal f. o. h. afloat. Opttons displayed con
sld<erab'e heaviness this morning In response to
Pt. Louis decltnes and to local bear pressure,
inspired by larger Northwestern receipts. Later
they rallied on a scare ot snorts and export
rumors closing partly %c net higher. May.
S3SS3 9-lOc. clot«i at 83%c; July closed at
8O0; December, 87©87 ll-l«c. closed at 87 %c.
HOPS — Quiet: State common to choice. 1903,
24fi32c- 1902, 21®'25%c: old, 9@12c. Paclflc
Coast. "1903. 21@2Sc; 1002, 21@21%c; olds,
9012c.
HIDES— Steady.
WOOL — Firm.
SUGAR— Raw. quiet. Reflned. quiet.
COFFEE — Spot Rio. steady: No. 7 Invoice,
3%c; mild, firm; Cordova, 7@12c Futures
closed steady at an advance of 5® 15 points:
sales, 54.750 bags Including December. 6. 40®
5.45c; March, 5.65<35.75c; May. 5.75@5.90c;
July 5.85©6c; September. 6©fl.l0c.
Neiu York Grain and Produce.
"Crystal Domino Sugar Is domino shape —
every piece alike — and every piece sparkles
like a cluster of diamonds, the result of Us
perfect crystallization. In short, perfection In
refining has been reached in the manufacture
of this trade and. as not. only the Sugar, but
also the package. Is very attractive, it should
prove to>be a ready seller.
"Whenever you are In the market for Crys
tal Domlnos, we will be pleased to supply you
with whatever number of cases you may de
sire, for shipment either In straight lots or
with other grades, although In case you want
Crystal Domlncs In straight lots, the minimum
quantity fcr which orders will be accepted, is
the same as at present."
BAGS— Grain Bags, 5©5%c; San Quentln,
5.66c; Wool Bags, 32S35c; Fleece Twine, 7%
@8c; Cotton Fruit Baw, «%c. »\c and 7%c
tor the three grades; Brown Jute. «%@7%c.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New' Wel
lington, $8; Seattle. $6 50; Bryant, $6 60; Bea
ver Hill $5 50; Stanford, $7; Roslyn. $7; Coos
Bay. $5 50: Greta, $7: Wallsend. $7; Rich
mond, $7 60; Cumberland. $13 In bulk and
$14 25 In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg.
$14- Welsh Anthracite Egg, $13; Welsh Lump.
$11 50; Cannel. $8 60 per ton; Coke. $11 60®
13 per ton In bulk and $15 in sacks; Rocky
Mountain descriptions. $S 45 per 200O lbs and
$8 50 per ton. according to brand.
OIL— Linseed. 49c for boiled and 47c for raw
In barrels ; cases, 5c more; Castor OH. in cases.
No. 1. 70c; Bakers' AA. $1 10@l 12: Lucol. 44c
for boiled and 42c for raw in barrels; Lard
Oil. extra winter strained, barrels, S5c; cases.
90c; China Nut, 55®70c per gallon: i»ur»
Neatsfoot. In barrels. 75c; cases, 60c; Sperm,
pure, 75c: Whale OH, natural white, 50Q55c
per gallon; Fish Oil, in barrels. 45c; cases,
COc; Cocoanut OH, In barrels. 58c for Ceylon
and 65c for Australian.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil in bulk.
15%c; Pearl OH in cases. 22c; Astral. 22c; Star.
22c; Extra Star, 26c; Elaine, 28c; Eocene, ?5c:
deodorized Stove Gasoline, in bulk, 17c; in
cases, 23%c; Benzine. In bulk, 13c; In cases.
19%c; bG-degree Gasoline, In bulk. 21c; In
cases, 27 %c.
. TURPENTINE — 80c per gallon In cases and
74c In drums and Iron barrels.
"RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. C%©
7c Der lb; White Lead, 6%l?7c. according to
quantity.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany has Issued the following circular to the
trade regarding Its new grade, Crystal Doml
nos, quoted below:
"We now have for sal* Havemeyer & El
der's Crystal Domino Sugar, and herewith in
close list showing price on same. This is*j>ut
up In cases of 24 5-Ib cartons and Is never sold
In bulk.
General Merchandise.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...$1 14 $1 14«; $1 it $1 1474
- 2 p. m. session.
December ...$1 14%.
OATS — Show no change, being in fair de
mand and steady.
White, $1 20<g.l 32%; Black. $1 40@l 62%;
Red, $1 20@l 25 for feed and $1 25@1 36 for
eeed; Gray, $1 22%®1 27% per etl.
• CORN — Continues very dull at the familiar
quotations. Western sacked. $1 30@l 32%. for
Yellow, $1 30@l 32% for White and $1 30 for
mixed; California large Yellow, $1 35@I 40;
small round do. nominal; White, $1 35Q1 40
per ctl.
RYE— $1 25@1 30 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— $2 26©2 60 per ctl.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m
CASH BARLEY.
Feed $1 1374@1 16H: Shipping and Brewing
$1 2031 22%; Chevalier, $1 20@;l 45 for fair to
choice.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May $1 40% $1 40»i $1 40% $t 40*;
December .. 1 42% 1 43% 1 42% 1 43%
BARLEY — Was steady and unchanged yes
terday, as far as cash grain was concerned,
but futures were higher, with a resumption of
buying. ,
FUTURES.,
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...$1 4Hi $1 42% $1 4UJ $1 42
May 1 393s 1 39% 1 39} B 1 39%
CASH WHEAT.
California Club, $t 40@l 45; California
White Australian, $1 50@l 55; Northern Club,
$1 40@l 42%; Northern Blue Stem. $1 50®
1 55; Oregon Valley. $1 40@l 45 per ctl.
Future* here were higher and shippers'
brokers were buying, presumably to fill some
cargoes sold some time ago for December
shipment. The cash grain was steady and un
changed. - " r -
WHEAT — Chicago declined It4c. The dally
letter of Bolton, de Ruyter & Co. eald:
"Strength came toward th* close and was
mainly on scalping operatlor*> and covering of
shorts put out early in the day. Cables Indi
cate only dullness. Broomhall wires the. lat
est estimate on tne German wheat crop and
places It at 160,000,000 bushels, against 174,000,.
000 last year and the, rye crop at 375,000,000,
against 402,000,000 a, year ago. Primary re
ceipts are a little larger and about tho same
as last year. There was less talk of export
business than during the last two days. The
Northwest seemed to be the principal seller In
this market and prices there, were relatively
weak, j This probably reflects their Increasing
movement. The artificial condition of the St.
Louis market ts still a disturbing factor. This,
together with the uncertainty regarding the
primary movements and regularity of the ex
port demand, all tended to deprive the mar
ket of decided tendency. It. looks as though
scalping operations were becoming more
profitable for the time being. : Argentine ad
vices continue very favorable.
Other Chicago advices reported that the St.
Louis corner tended to unsettle the market.
New York reported very little export Inter
est.-
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange. 60 days — $4. 82%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 $9
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 87
New York Exchange, sight — 02%
New, York Exchange, telecrashlc. — ' 06
Silver, per ounce — 60-14
Mexican Dollars 47 48
Exchange and Bullion.
OTCo6f....llS H9 Marln Co 61 i-*
OTCoSs... — lift Port Costa.. — —
Do con 5s. — 105 Sp v W Co. — 40
O W C G 5a — 87fc
GAS AND* ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. 3>i . 4% sac E G * R — —
Mutual EL.— 12 ,3 F G*&. E. 69% 70
Oak G L*H. 10% 12 is F Oas 3 3%
Pac O Imp. . — — j stkn G * E. 5 —
Pac Lighting 53 — IU O * E... — —
TRUSTEES 1 CERTIFICATES.
S F G & E. 69V» 70
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd.320 —
BANK STOCKS.
Am Nat Bk.l22%127%;L P & A 1*> —
Anglo-Cal .. — 95 iMer Trust... 23© 300
Bank of Cal. — 4SO 1 Merch Ex... — —
Cal Safe Dp. — 160 S F Natlonl. — —
First Natnl. — — I
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger -S & L. — — I Sav * L So. ~ —
Hum S * L. — — (Sec Sav Bk.4<» 500
Mutual Sav. — — Union T Co. — —
S F Sav U.600 — j
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..195 2<W /Presidio 37 —
Geary — 80 /
POWDER.
Giant 65 »>«%IVIgorit — I
SUGAR.
Hana P Co.. 40c 75c Kllauea S C. — •
Hawaiian C. 44 45 Makaweli C. 23 —
Honokaa S C 13« 13% Onomea S C. 32 32*4
Hutch S P C 9\ 10% Paauhau S C 15% 18'-*
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack — 155 1 Oceanic S C — T
Cal Fruit As 94 05 Pac A F A. 2%, —
Cal Wine As. Wi IM%'Pac C Borx. — 16»
SALES.
Morning Session.
Board —
• 60 L P & A Bank 160 00
25 Makaweli 22 00
50 Spring Valley Water Co. B 3. . 39 75
103 S F Gas & Electric Co «» 12%
35 S F Gas A Electric Co «9 25
30 S F G & E (trustees' ctfs) 63 12%
Street —
$10,000 S P of C 6s (1912) 114 60
$10,000 S P of C 6* (1905). series A 102 KO
$2,000 Spring Valley 6s 106 CO
Afternoon Session.
Board —
10 Giant Powder Con 66 50
50 Hutchinson 8 P Co »3 90) 10 00
60 Hutchinson S P Co 10 CO
40 8 F Gas A Electric Co 69 8O
60 S F Gas & Electric Co tf» S7ft
20 S F G & E (trustees' ctf»>.... 6» M
5 S F G & E (trustees' ctfs) €0 87%
Street —
$5,000 Market-st. R. R. con. Bs 113 80
$7,000 S P Cal 1st con 6s (stamped). .108 50
$3,000 Spring Valley 6» 1WJ 00
CaliforniaStock and Oil Exchange
Oil Stock — Bid. Asked.
Alma 1 35
Apollo 41
Associated Trust Cert 19
Artec M
California Standard It
Caribou X 0O 1 10
Central Point Con 65
Chicago Crude. 1» 21
Claremont 24 .....
Epperanza 01 %
Four 69
Fulton ¦* 00
Giant 20
Hanford 130 00
Home 95 1***
Imperial 13 <X>
Independence- IS . 19
Junction W 20
Kern » «|
Kern River 13 60
Lion "3
Monarch of Arizona 50
Monte Crtsto 75
Occidental of W Va 17 M
Oil City Petroleum S3
Peerlesj 13 50
Plttsburg 20
Re«d Crude 41
S F & McKlttrick 2 75
San Joaquin O & D 5 25 ••••;
Senator 75
Sovereign 38
Sterling - t JJ
Superior M 07
Thirty-three T 50
Toltec 20 21
Twenty-eight 4 60
"West Shore 2 90
Miscellaneous —
' Abby Land & Improvement. 1 45 1 «0
Alameda Sugar 2» Ort
American Biscuit 95 OO
American Di*t Tel
Cal Cotton Mills SS 00
Cal Gas & E Cor
Cal Jockey Club 105 O
Cal Shipping Co 25 0O
Cal Title Ins & Trust 100 00 140 0O
Central Bank of Oakland 6rt CO
Chutea Company 7 5ft
Cypress Lawn Imp Co 6 50 7 25
Fischer's Theater 2 00 2 60
Gas Consumers' Assn 22 50
Honolulu Sugar 14 5ft
Northern Cal Power 8 5O 9 CO
North Shore R R « CO 7 25
Orpheum Company 16 25
Pac States Tel & Tel 115 00
Parafflne Paint 33 Oft
San Francisco Drydock 47 CO
Sanitary Reduction Works.. 2 50
Sausallto Land & Ferry 16 00
Sperry Flour Co 27 60 30 Cft
Standard Electric Co 1« CO
Tesla Coal Co 30 Oft
Truckee EWtric Co 1.125
Union Sugar 22 5ft
United Gas & Electric 34 50
OFFICIAL SALES.
Mornlns Sales.
2351 Superior Oil Wl
30ft Occidental Oil in
300 Monarch Oil 8©
350 Cal Standard Oil 10
Street —
2300 Superior OH M
Afternoon Sales.
500 Occidental Oil IT
LOCAL MARKETS.
SEATTLE. Oct. 2S.— Clearings, $617,5Z3;
balances, $144,638.
TACOMA. Oct. 28.— Clearings. $390,273;
balances. ft32,549.
PORTLAND. Oct. 28. — Clearings. $616,926;
balances, $112,612.
SPOKANE. Oct. 28.— Clearings, $350,957;
balances, $27,974.
Northern Business.
The situation in Cheese, shows no change,
fine goods ruling steady to firm, while th«
medium and lower grades are dull and weak.
Butter shows a wider range, as will be seen,
though the general situation remains without
change. Fancy creamery brings the top quo
tation unless the dealer Is overstocked and
finds It necessary to make concessions to keep
his stocks down.
Receipts were 3»,O0O lbs Butter, 750 cases
Eggs and 9300 lbs Cheeee.
BUTTER — Creamery'. 28030c for extras and
26<5f27c for seconds; dairy. 21@25c; store Butter,
17%®19c; cold storage, 24@2«c; Eastern, 23@25c
per lb.'
CHEESE— 12%c for the general market, 130
13Vjc for select mild new and ll@12c for lower
grades- Young Americas. 13%@14c; Eastern,
15U.<Slfl%c: Western. 14(S15c per lb.
EGGS — Ranch. 42%®47%c; store, nominal:
cold storage, 27%aS0c; Eastern. 2S@30c for
fresh and 25@2Cc for cold storage.
The decline In ranch Eggs has set the whole
street to selling, and buyers are being offered
all sorts of concessions. Close, buyers were of
fered flno lots yesterday at 43c and sales at 43
Q44c were reported. But the buyers fought
shy. as they always do on a falling market,
and' bought only enough to last them over the
day. The ruling figure was 45c, though the.
range In quotations was as given below. Stocks
continued to accumulate, though they were,
still email.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
¦ Receipts of domestic Poultry were mod
erate, and although prices were no higher the.
market had a better tone and waa gradually
cleaning up. Young Turkeys had the most
call and fine large offerings readily command
ed full figures. A car of Western was re
ported close at hand and will probably b« mar
keted to-day. . .
Game arrived freely and cleaned up promptly
un<J«»r a steady demand. Sprig Ducks. White
Ge«ee. Brant, common Snipe and Hare wer«
quoted higher. \
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 20@22c per lb for
young and 14@17c tor old: Geese, per pair,
$1 76@2: Goslings, $2Q2 25; Ducks, $4 60®5 per
dozen for old and $6@6 for young; Hens, $4 60
®5; young Roosters, $4@5; old Roosters, $4 50©
6; Fryers. $3 80S*; Broilers. 13^3 60 for large
and $2 50@3 for small; Pigeons, $1@1 25 per
dozen for old and $2@2 25 for Squabs.
GAME — Mallard Ducks. $4«?6 per dozen; Can
vasback. |5®7; Sprig $4@4 50; Teal. $2 50@
3: Widgeon, $2 50: small Ducks. $1 50@2; Gray
Geese, $3: White Geese. $1 5O@2; Brant,
$1 50 for small and $2 50 for large; Rngllsh
Snipe $3; common Snipe, $1 75; Wild Dove*.
$1 25; Rabbits. $1 75 for Cottontails and $1 25
for Brush; Hare, $1 25@1 60.
Poultry and Game.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered in San Francisco, less 50
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE: — Steers. 809c; Cows and Heifers.
7©Sc: thin Cows. 4-3 5e per pound.
CALVES — 4®4%c per pound (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 3%63\c; Ewes. 3©3Uo
per pound (gross weight).
LAMBS— »3 76S3 per head.
HOGS — Live Hoes, 150 to 250 lbs. 5%c;
under 150 lbs. 5%©5%c; Sows. 20 per cent off:
Boars. 50 per cent off, and Stags. 40 per cent
off from above quotations.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF — 6©7c for Steers and 6<$<Jc per lb
,f.or Cows.
VEAL — Large. 6®7e; small. 8UUc per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7%©Sc; Bwes, 7©7%«
per pound.
LAMB — O^lOc per pound.
PORK— Dressed Hogs. 7%®9e per pound.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
Another decline In live Hogs Is reported, witn
the packers reporting receipts ample for all
needs.
Meat Market.
V- The Immediate Outlook.
.¦• The Kew York circular of Henry <~"iews says:
•• • "Beyond financial preclncta the outlook.
Uscugh conflicting. 1* not discouraging. Every
-cc* is familiar with Use fart that agriculture.
• ike backbone of the nation, has Just secured
-:->.icthfr profitable harvest. The mercantile
• c!vs« are alto In rood shape. There has been
• IS*H£i H My. overtrading of importance; our
. merrhant* having escaped the speculative
frenry which so nearly overwhelmed Wall
*»r«et. The least satisfactory feature in the
rutloek U the industrial situation, which Is
euffering from the consequence* of the trust
. mtn!» and labor agitation. Both cantal and
• labor have been aiming at monopoly; both have
: been defying natural law» ; both have been
. working on lines opposed to the strongest im
, pu!ses in hutr.an nature, and both mutt pay
•.the .penalty. Capital has already taken con.
¦ siderable cf its punishment, and labor Is be
ginning to se* the Inexorable consequences of
unwise leadership. Now that the iron boom
;• over, the Inflation based upon those phe
."• nomena is rapidly passing away. It must not
; b* forrotten thst we are Just leaving behind
'the. most extraordinary movement In Iron th»
• world ever saw. Its chief source being the
practical rebuilding of American railways dur
/lRg the last fiv* years. This being accom
•'•plishea, the Iron trade must subside to normal
ccn^SUons. Possibly this may mean a period
• ,<\f temporal-}' prostration: but with lower price*
ether demand* will develop, and the export
Is «-,pen as a safety valve. Other lndut
"¦ tries ar* in much better shape than the iron
•.trade, and there are. few signs of overpro
-"•du'-tlon. the only restraint upon business being
•the Mjrh prices induced by high costs of pro
• ductton. Nevertheless, outside of the &bov«
•drawbacks, the outlook is for at least anctheT
*ix months of good K>flne?s. Railroad traffic
unSitr.lnished, and there *re r.rt serl
us-signs cf reaction in either the West or
••South. The Wall street rollsps* !s lik»ly to
•exercise a reytraining influence all through the
¦country : H is even conceivable that In some
. districts * slight falling off may be experi
enced, but the business situation as a whole
affords no good reason for discouragement.
. When the inevitable readjustment Is more
•complete the ouUook will be still brighter."
Merchandise for Hawaii.
¦• The f'eemcr Nevadan sailed on Tuesday for
Honolulu and Kahulul with an assorted mer
>h«rsc"lse cargo. The cargo as manifesfd up to
¦3 r. m. yt-sierday was valued at S17S.7W) and
:nr|uri»d ihe following:
,." 475 bbls flour. 57.771 lbs middling* 63,830
: ifcs bran. S6 ctls wheat. ."27$ ctls barley. 29
¦ pkg* fresh vegetable?. C05 pkgs potatoes. <il
. pkgs onions, 159 pkgs fr^n fruits, a pkgs
ch*ese, sOfiO It* codfUh. Z.V-1 !b« bread. ."13 !bH
' ajucked meat, 19.254 It* lard. 77 pkgs groceries
• nd provisiors, 250 c« canned and ;J5 hbls
, pickled salmon, 15 cs egirs. 382* lbs butter, .1341
; it* glucose, 1ST>2 lbs beans. 1^5 sks sugar. 200
-bales hay. 205 lbs dressed poultry. 1312 lbs
frerh fish. If" c« canned goods. 1000 lbs tea.
21T3 lb* 20 cs prepared fish. T25» gals 20 en
. wine. 431 gals 231 cs whisky. Si 1 casks beer.
2 bbls 10 c* gin. 116 c* candy. SIU lbs ham.
-107 pkgs paste. 11 cs baking powder. 103 gals
brandy. 500 lb« 33 cs mr&Is. 27 cs hops. 11 c«
dried fruit. 21,070 lbs tobacco, 12 cs cigars. H
' cs oysters. C4 pkgs drunr* sU<\ sundries. 191 cs
boots and choes, 259 pkr* dry goods, 16 cs
oil clethlcg. 63 cs hats, 10-14 It-g seed. 35 pkgs
•lectrlcal supplies. 27 pkgs acid. 4 bdls leather.
I flask quicksilver. 1S2 pkgs oils. 173 pkgs
• paints. 53 pkgs wagon material. 240 kegs 160
cs powder. 3 cyls gas. .'.:<*<< cala distillate. 129
rkgs machinery-. 275 bdls 616 pes iron. 34 bdls
¦ 252 pes ateet. 7 p^-s rails. 1009 pkgs railroad j
material. 12SS pkr» plumbing material. 7 cs I
: arms and ammunition. ft$ pkgs paper. 10 pigs
Wd. 12 bales twine. 480 lbs copper. 3 drumi
P^fasollne, lftM feet hardwood. 6 os fuse. 70 ca
matches. 1410 lbs sulphur. 15 bbls tar. 4 bales
««kum. 3S0 kegs staples. 20 sks ccal, 3&£5 posts,
• 70 rr tureentlne. 5f"0 c* coal oil.
Weather Report.
<120th Meridian— Pacific Time.>
SAN* FRA.NCISTO. Oct. 28, 5 p. m.
- The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of sam« date last
feason and rainfall In !a*t twenty-four hours:
I.*-«t This L*st
Btat!ena — 24 hour?. Season. Season.
- Kureka 0.02 3.21 2.71
Tied Bluff 0.00 0.44 3.44
• Facramento 0.00 0.14 1.C7
. fan Francisco 0.00 A.I" 1.70
•¦•Fresno 0.00 0.00 0.42
Indeper.derce 0.00 Trace 0.38
•Ban Luis Obispo 0.00 0.08 2.00
.\*m Angeles 0.00 O.43 O.>9
fan Dirgo 0.00 0.0« 0.9S
¦ THE COAST KECORD.
•¦' 9 K C 0 »
s ga g| A i* *
. tTATlON. ; || «|r§ 5S =
• .' * ¦ • ? ? * " c
• ... • "
•'Baker 30. 04 54 34 NW Cloudy T
Oarson 30. 04 fW 30 W Pt.Ody C »6 •
Eur»ka 30.2* «0 4« N Foggy .02;
fara'lon SO. 12 «0 5H N"V%' Cloudy 00'
Fresno .10. W 7«t 50 sw Oear* .00 j
>"lagetaff SO. 02 fiG 24 W dear .00 i
. t>>» Ange!ea..30.02 74 4H W Cloudy 00
Mt Tajr.alpa4e.3O.12 fA M NW" Cloudy 00 1
North He*d.,. 30. 2*> M .'i2 W Pt.Cldy U\
Phoenix 23.S>0 fH .V> SW near .00 1
Pocatello 23. M «2 34 P Cloudy 00 1
TNrtland 30.20 fiO r.<5 W Ooudy .!« !
Point Reyes 30.10 «2 54 N"\V Ooludy (XI \
. Re<j BJuff Sfl.10 72 £0 N Ooudy 'oo I
in<-«er^rg 30. 2* f:2 44 N Ooudy .CH I
a£t .ra.roentc» ..30.06 "6 60 NTT (loudy .0$ !
Frn rrancisco.30.14 PA 54 \V Pt.Hdy (X) (
P. L..OM«po. .M.fA RO 4« N noudv rv> i
*;«n Diego 2-.».B8 «8 54 SW Pt.Cl-iy 00 |
.Seattle 30.10 M 52 SW Pt.Cldy.14
Ppokane 2».»t BO .12 RW RaJn T
Ta^ooeh ."W.0S 64 4S W Cloudy .(is I
TValla ¦vralla.-SO.oo «4 4« SW «noudy .OS !
Yuma 29. S< fl2 52 NE Clear .0© j
WEATHEn COXDITinxs AND GENERAL.!
• - . FORECABT.
The pressure has fallen over the southern i
haJf of the Pacific Flope and has risen over the ]
•outhern half. A disturbance of moderate In- I
tensity is passing southeastward over the !
.Ttocky Mountain region. <"loudy weather Is \
reporjf-d £.t nrarly nil stations west t>T the !
liockf M'-urtalns. excepting those In Arizona. I
. Rain has fallen in Washington, Oregon, I
jiorth'-TO <UUff>rnla and Idaho. >
The temperature has remained nearly «ta- 1
• Monarj- except tit San Francisco, whers It Is ¦
X0 degrees warmer.
•• The following maximum m-ind velocities are I
reported: Point Reyes. 5tS miles per hour from
the northwest: southeast Farallon. 40 miles
ircm the northwest; North Head. 5«J miles,
. routh: gpokare, "0 mllra. southwest.
ForeceM made at fc'an Franrlsea for thirty
"•hrurs *ndinc midnight. October 29:
• . Northern California — Cloudy Thursday; brisk
northerly winds.
Southern California — Cloudy, unsettled weath
er Thursday; fresh westerly winds.
Nevada — Cloudy, unsettled weather Thurs
<!«>: poffibiy light rain; brisk to high south
wen nines.
Ran Francisco a.r.<J vicinity— Cloudy Thura
<5a%; brisk northwest wind
A. G. McADIE. District Forecaster.
EASTERN MARKETS.
y New York Stock Market.
.\EW YOP.K. Oct. 2»— The effect of the fi».
Lout* situation on th# etock market w«»
fwnem-ha* obecure to-day. The expressions cf
'onfidence ov«r night from that <-enter that the
tunatioo u toucd had a reassuring effect or.
the earlr trading, and the prices hardened. The
opening cf business in St. Louie, which was
later, owing to the difference In time, was fol
lowed by a reaction In stocks. The heavy
withdrawals of currency from this center by
St. Louis carried the level of prices of stock
generally below la«t night. But the la*t hour
cf the market ehowed the best price* of the day.
the morning level being generally exceeded by
a fraction. In the final dealings prices yielded
again and the closing wu rather easy. A
suney of prl<~e chafes will show that the
whol«> movement was very trivial and net
<-har.ges mere insignificant except in a few
cast?. The dullness of the market was In itself
a reflection In some eort of uncertainty felt
over the St. Louis situation, which prompted a
waiting attitude rather than a .disposition 10
•ell. There was no selling which was attributed
to St. Louis account. unle?s It might have been
in. American Car. The quarterly report of net
earning* In Pressed Steel Car Company, show-
I Ing them to be less than half of those for the
I corresponding quarter of last year. • naturally
had a sympathetic effect on American Car ak
well at weakening the Pressed Pteel Car «ocke.
On the other hand, the stocks of the Gould
Southwestern Railroads centering In St. Louis
were among the few features of positive
strength in the market, although there was
nothing to show there • wae any significance
locsl to St. Louis attaching to the movement.
Pennsylvania was also strong, and People's
Gas had an early advance on a favorable court
derltion. TJie speculative movement In Amal
gamated Copper might be clashed as marking
time, and the dealings in the stock were In
much diminished volume.
The situation at Pt. Louis resulted In tele
¦ graphic transfers to that city from here frcm
! the gub treasury of $2,100,000. In addition
*%0.<>0i» was sent to Chicago and $200,000 to
! New Orleans. Banks an also known to b«
shipping heavily through other channel*. This
ts a plain Intimation that the Western crcy
movement needs, though long deferred, are
making large inroads on "local banking reserves,
quite aside from the emergency requirements
at St. Louis. It was not surprising, therefore,
that the rate for call money should rlfee to 6
per cent this afternoon and the rate for time
money «rrew dietin'-tly firm. The rite In local
money rates may have contributed to the sharp
I break in sterling exchange, although the offer
ings of cctton mills in that market were re
j ported In very Urge volume and heavy export*
j of grain were also enffap^'J. This prepared «x
1 pe«-tst)on for a weakening of the bank showing
of next Saturday. But with New York bank
reserve* higher than in th? rorretpcndlng period
for several years, and with the limit of Gov
ernment deposits promised by the Secretary
SL th * Treasury to relieve the situation still
125/iOO.OOQ away, there !s no real present un
j eaFinesn over the monetary situation. As an
evidence over the spirit of distrust toward
banks and trust companies, the St. Louis
j episode .« neverthelem deeply impreopive. to the
apprehension of the financial world.
There was some falling off from the recent
volume cf bond transactions and a reactionary
tendency in fpots made the market irregular.
I Total »aie». par value. $3,346,000.
I'r.'.ted States twos advanced & per cent on
i the last call.
XKW YORK STOCK LIST."
Stocks— Sales. High. I.cw. Close.
Atchison 31.500 67S 67 67«
Atchlscn pfd 1.3O0 00»; 89t 90»i
Bait A Ohio 13.700 75S 74% 75
Ba.lt * Ohio prd... UK) 87T, 87Ti R7«;
! Canadian Pacific... 1.300 120% 1!9>* lisa:
j Central of N J..... 200 159% l«i«i 15S
Chesap ft Ohio ... 200 3OV« 29*. 29«i
I Chi &. Alton 3.200 2»% 27*i °8H
i Chi * Alton pfd... 200 65 «5 64%
! CM & G Western.. $00 15U 15 14s?
Chi & G W B pfd .' 2<3?i
CM & North westrn 500 166>4 165% 16(5 '
Chi Term & Trans 9
Chi Torm & T pfd. 200 19U 1914 is*'
I C C C A- St Ix>uls . . 300 74 73 72
Colo Southern 200 13%; ;i3*i 13%
Cclo Sftuth 1st pfd. 500 6C>; 15% 65%
Colo South 2i pfd. 400 23 22'* 22%
Del & Hudson 200 156 156' 156
Del Lack & West.. 500 239% 2J7 230'i
¦ Denver A Rio G 191^
Denver & R G^fd 6 7%
Erie 11.900 27*; ~7i; 27%
Erie 1st pfd 2.100 66"£ 00% 6fl«,
Brie 2d pfd 200 50% «% 49%
Great Northern pfd .... ieo
Hocking VaHey ... 200 71 »; 71 u; 71 1;
Hocking Val pfd .... . . . . S2
Illinois Central ... 600 131% :^I% 131
Iowa Central 100 20% 20% 20
Iowa Central pfd... ..;. .'. 34
K C Southern lS\i
K C Southern pfd 31%
Louis & Nash 3,500 102% 101 101%
Manhattan L 600 135 131 134%
Metropolitan St Ry 3,200 110% 1CBU 100%
Minn & St Louis.. 48
Missouri Pacific ... 40.800 92% !il % 91%
Mo Kan A Texas.. 000 17% 17' 171;
Mo Kan & T pfd.. 500 38% 35% 3sL
Nt R R of Mex pfd 39
N Y Central 1.100 119% m% 118%
Norfolk &. Western 2.000 67% 60% S714
Norfolk & West pfd ...* g«
Northern Securities 5714
Ontario & Western 1.S00 21 20 20"k
Pennsylvania 12.600 120% 11J»% 120%
Pitts C C & St L.. 200 flO 60 50
Reeding 10,700 4« 451; 45%
Readlnir 1st pfd 75
Reading 2d pfd 6014
Rock Island Co 16,800 25% 24% 25U
Rock Inland Co pfd 600 O>% C0ii 60»4
St Louts & 8 F .'. ..." 5fi
St L & S F 1st pfd 60
St L & S F 2d pfd 600 46 4.%% 44
ht liOUli S W 200 14",; 14 , 4t ,
St Louis S W pfd. «00 32% 32 3-.
Bt Paul 13,700 140«4 13»Vi 139%
St Paul pfd 17%
Southern Paclflc .. 11.900 ,43 4^U 42%
So Railway 3.«00. 18% 17% ISlJ
Po Railway prd... 1,600 74% 74% 74%
Te«a» ft Paclflc ... 7.200 24% 23U 24
Tol 8t L & West.. 100 17% 17% 17
To! Ft L * W pfd .'. ... 25%
Union Pacific •. 30,700 72% 72" 7*>%
Union Pacific pfd .'. ... 8414
Wabaah 3.2«> l»T£ )& i/ ln »?
Waba*h pfd 16,500 34 .14 33 2
W A Lake Erie .. 300 16% 15% 15
Wisconsin Central. 1.400 16% in' jau
Wisconsin C*n pfd. 500 36% 255i 35
Express Companies-
Adams 220
American .... 187
United States ' i(f>%(,
Wells-Karro ";; 200
Miscellaneous —
Amalgam Copper.. 27.500 S8% 37«i 371^.
Am Car & Foundry 9.200 20% ift% tgu
Am Car AFpfd... 1.100 65% MH C5%
Am Unseed Oil » ,* n £
Am Lin OH pfd 25
Am Locomotive ... 500 13% 13^ iZK
Am Locomotive pfd 1 ... 741I
Am Rmelt A Ref.. 2.700 43% 43% 4.IV4
Am Fmelt & R pfd 700 SS% 87U f^\f
Am Pugar Ref 1.700 116 MUM, lisix
Anaconda Mln Co.. 200 63 0;;
Brooklyn Rap Tran 7.800 35% ?.4«; 35
Colo Fuel A Iron.. 400 33% 22 S2«
Columbus A H CoaJ V*> lft 10 pil
ConeoiMated Gas .1 100 176 170 I"« "
General Electric .. ibo
Inlet nat Paper ... 2<V) 12 11 u
Internat Paper pfd. 100 61% CJ »*. «n%
Internat Pump 31'
Internat Pump pfd 65
National Bincult .. 100 85% 23^4 X5
National Lead ' 13
North American 72
Pacific Mall 21
People* «a» ...... 7.100 f>5T4 04% »4%
Preceed Bleep Car.." 2.700 21% 21% 21U
Pressed S Car prd. COO 71 70% 71
Pullman Pal Car 215
Republic Steel .... 200 7% 7% 7%
Republic Steel pfd. 1.400 55 .12% 63%
Rubber Goods 200 14% 14% 14%
Rubber Goods pfd. 100 08 fM fr%
Tenn Coal & Iron. 2ftO 29% 2ft 2914
t: fi Leather 1.900 7% 7% 7%
IT P leather pfd... 600 77% .77% 77%
TT fi Rubber .... »it
V 5 Rubber pfd 35
r fi 6t*el 6.100 14% ir% 13%
IT 8 Pteel pfd 29.000 fiO r.9 59%
Western Union .... 500 S3 f&% S3
Total vales ...400.S00
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW- YORK. Oct. 28.— Bond transactions of
United Railroads of San Francisco— 11,000 ' at
$77; ttOOO at $77 12%. .
ST. LOUIS. Oct. 28. — Wool — Quiet anj
steady; medium grades, combing, 17@21%c;
light fine. .15<S17%e; heavy fine, 12@14%c; tub
washed, 20@30c. S -
St. Louis Wool Market.
NEW YORK, Oct. 28.— The cotton market
closed steady at a net loss of 5310 points.
Neiv York Cotton Market.
CHICAGO. Oct. 28.— CATTLE— Receipts, 25,
000, including 60ij0 Westerns; - good, steady;
others lower. Good to prime steers, $5 35fc«
5 80; poor to medium, $3 50@ 4 75; stockeis
and feeders. $2 25@5 35: cows, $1 30©4 3rt;
heifers. $2®5: canners. $1 35@2 45; bulls, 52®
4 50; calves. $2tf?6 75; Texas fed steers, $2 75®
3 50; Western steers. $3@4 50.
HOGS— Receipts to-day. 28.000; to-morrow,
22.000; 10® 15c lower. Mixed and butchers,
$5 20<@5 GO; good to choice heavy, $5 20®5 60;
rough heavy, $4 S5rp5 16; light. $5 10@5 45;
bulk of sales, $5 15<g5 45.
SHEEP— Receipts, 30.000; sheep and lambs
steady to 15c lower. Good to choice wethers,
$3®3 65; fair to choice mixed, $2^3; Western
sheep. $2 2503 60; native lambs, $3 25@3 65;
Western Iambs, $3 50@5 25.
CHICAGO,
Eastern Livestock Market.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l%c. under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers. 9%c; medium. 8%c; l!*ht. 714c; Cow
Hides, 8c for heavy and 7%c for lUht; Stags.
SUc: Salted KiD. 8%c: Salted Veal, 9%c;
Salted Calf, 10c; dry Hides. 15@15%c: dry Kip
13c; dry Calf. 17c; Sheepskins, shearlings. 2.V»
30c each; short Wool. 4ft^60c each: medium. 70
©90c; lornr Wool. $101 50 each: Horse H'd'a.
salt. *2 75 for large and $2®2 60 for medium.
$1 25^1 75 for small and 50c for Colts; Hors*
Hides, dry. $1 75 for lance and $1 50 for me
dium, $ltf?l 25 for small and 50c for Colts.
Buck Skins — Dry Mexican. 32c: dry salted
Mexican. 25c; dry Central American, 32c.
Goat Skins — Prime Angoras, 75c; large and
smooth. 50c; medium. 38c; small. 20c.
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered. 4%e per lb; No.
2, 4c: grease. 2%<?Sc.
WOOL — Fall clip — San' Joaquin Lambs'. SHJ
lie: Middle County. ll@12c; Northern Free.
Iiei2c; Northern Defective. 10®llc; Hum
boldt and Mendoclno. 12@14c: Nevada. 13913c:
Oregon, fine, 18®19c; Oregon, medium, 17c
per lb.
HOPS— 18&22 %c per lb.
A local house says of Wool: "Among Wool
operators both East and West there seems to
be a feeling of Indifference. Up to September
1 we could not get fall Wool enouxh to 'go
around.' now it Is the other way. as a single
bag seems to be a greater load than the deal
ers want to carry. Of course, this condition Is
so very bad that it cannot continue many
months, but there is no probability of an early
change. Prices are unchanged, though buyers
F. ou ,," t v> ' <y)l ver y mucn lower for Urge
lines.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
¦ Th» best grades of table Potatoes wer* dull
under a limited demand and liberal supplies.
River Burbanks had a steadier tone, as cheap
stock wa* well cleaned up and prices had a
narrower range. There were several In
quiries for shipping stock, hut the firmer
prices checked the movement in that direc
tion. Sweets continued to arrive freely and
price* stood as previously quoted. The best
offerings of Onions were steady at the top
quotation while poor and inferior stock was
dull at 6O@70c per cental.
Fresh supplies Of most kinds of vegetables
arrived too late for the regular morning trade,
but the market was amply supplied with car
ried-over stock, which moved off well at rbout
previous prices. Supplies of Tomatoes con
tinued too heavy for the market to absorb
and there was quite a surplus unsold at the
close. The canners were offering 17%c per
box for poor Btock, but no sales were- reported
at that figure. Hubbard Squash was offering
again, but moved slowly owing to the abun
dance and low price of Marrowfat.
POTATOES — Burbanks from the river. 60®
70c per Ctl; Salinas Burbanks, $1@1 40 per ctl;
Oregon Burbanks, 75c<g$l 10 per ctl; River
Reds, 50065c per ctl; Sweet Potatoes. $1@1 25
per ctl. . • .
ONIONS— 6O#85c per ctl.
"VEGETABLES — Green Corn. 75c@$l per
eack; Green Peas. 2%@3c per lb; String Beans,
1%«?2%c per lb: Wax. 2fi>3c: Lima Beans, 2%0
4c per lb; Tomatoes, 20#50c per box; Sum
mer Squash. 40®50c per box- Cabbage, 60c per
etl: Carrots. 76c per sack; Cucumbers, 4<>@5Oc
per box; Garlic. 3®4c per lb; Green Peppers,
30050c per box for Chile and 50@«0c for Bell;
Green Okra. 40@65c per box; Egg Plant. 40®
50c per box: Marrowfat Squash. $10 per ton;
Hubbard. $12@15.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Wall-street Stocks steady on the day.
\'ot much change in local Stocks and Bonds.
Silver several fractions higher. Exchange as before.
.Shippers' brokers buying IV heat and Barley futures,
pats. Corn and Rye as before quoted.
Some changes in Bran and Middlings. Hay steady.
Heaz<y arrivals of Beans keep the market unsettled.
Eggs continue to decline rapidly. Butter and Cheese steady.
More demand for Dried Apricots in Neiv York.
Provisions still sagging at Western centers.
Live Hogsjozirr again, zvith ample receipts.
Wool very dull, zvith a zveak tone.
Xot much change in Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Poultry in moderate receipt and cleaning up better.
Fresh Fruit firm, ttnV/i a good shipping demand.
NEW YORK BONDS.
V S ref 2s reg..lO7%IL & N unlf 4e.. 9S«4
I>o coup 107%lManhat con g 4s.l04
Do3i reg 1 OS % Mexican Cen 4s.. 73
l>o coup 10J>i, Do 1st 'nc 14%
Do new 4s reg. 134% Minn & St I. 4s. 97
Do coup 135% M K & Texas 4s. 0S%
Do old 4s reg.. 111% Do 2ds 76%
Do coup 111% Nat of Mex c 4s. 76
Do 5s reg 101^ N' Y Cen gn 3%s. B0%
Do coup 102%"N J Cen wn 63.131
Atchlson gen 4s.l00>4 Northern Pac 4s. 102%
Do adjust 4s.. 91 I Do 3s 71%
Atlantic C L 4s. 00*i Korf & W ton 4s. 96%
Bait & Ohio 4s..l0li Dr S L 4s'& part. 92%
I>o 3%« ©6 Penn conv 3%s.. 97%
Central of Ga 5s.l06% Reading gen 4s.. 06%
Do let inc 66 i't L&I M con 6s.lll
Ches & Ohio 4%M01»i ft L ft S F fit 4s. Pl%
Chi &- Alton 3%s. 74 |0t L S W Ists... ».'•
C n A Q new 4g. »3% Seaboard A I. 4s. 67
C M&St P Ken 4s.llO>; jSouthern Pac 4s. 87%
C * X W con 78.1.11 %;Southern Ry 5s. 113%
C R 14 P in... 74«,; Texas & Pac lsts.117
Do col 5s 75 Tol St L & W 4s. 70%
CCC&St'L gen 4s. 97% Union Pacific 4s. 102%
Chi Terminal 4s. 74 Do conv *% ... 90V,
Con Tobacco 4s.. 55<& .T S Steel 2d 5s.. 72%
I Colo & South 4s. 86% A'abash lets 116%
Denver & R O 4s.l(KH4| Do deb B 57 .
Erie prior lien 4?. 98% 'w & L Erie 4s.. 90
Do gen Is S4 iWlscon Cen 48.-84%
Ft W & D C lsts.lOil Colo Fuel ... 711*
Hocking Val 4%s.lO6 j
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 12 Little Chief 07
Alice 14iOntn.no 4 50
greec* lO'ophlr ISO
Brunswick Con .. 03! Phoenix 08
ComstocK Tunnel.. Ofl'PotosI It
Con Cal & Va 1 00 Savage IS
Horn Silver 1 00 Sierra Nevada ... 35
Iron Silver 1 70, Small Hopes 15
Leadvllle Con 02' Standard 2 30
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — . 1 We5tlng Com 68
Call loans 2%«r3%| Mining-
Time loans 5@«lAdventuro ..../.. 4%
Bonds — Allouez 4%
Atohlson 4s 99% Amal Copper 37%
Mex Central 4s... 68 Daly West 37%
Railroads— Bingham :... 22%
Atchlson 67»4 Calumet & Hecla.45fl i
Do pfd 9OV* ICentennlnl 17
Boston & Albany.24!) iCopper Rang* . . . 46%
Boston & Malne.168 |Dom Coal 72Vj
Boston Elev 14(>'4jFranklln 7%
N Y. N H & H..195 jlsle Royale 6%
Fitchburg pfd ...137 Mohawk 31 V,
Union Pacific ... 72% Old Dom 11%
Mex Central 9%jO«eeola 6«
Miscellaneous — ,Parrot 18%
Amer Sugar 115% ; Qulncy 85
Do pfd 118 %| Santa Fe Copper. 2
Amer Tel & Tel. 124% Tamarack 90
Dom Iron A S 8% Trinity 6%
Gen Electric 150 United States 17%
Mass Electric ... 1» Utah 27 T 4
Do pfd 77 Victoria 2%
United Fruit 90 Wlnona 7%
U S Steel Vi% Wolverine 68
Do pfd 59%
LONDON CLOSING 8TOCK8.
>ns for money... SS?i N Y Central 123
Tons for acct . . . 88S Nor & West 5»
Anaconda 33% Do pfd 8»
Atchlson GO-}; Ont & West 21%
Do pfd 92V4 Pennsylvania 61 %
Bal & Ohio 77% Rand Mines 9%
Tan Pacific 123% Reading 23%
Phes & Ohio S0T4 Do 1st pfd. 40
Chi Gt West 15% Do 2d pfd &3
Chi. M A St P..144H So Railway 19
De Beers 20% Do pfd 77
Den & Rio G 20% So Paclflc 44",;
Do pfd 70 Union Paclflc .... 74 &i
Erie 2S% Do pfd «7
Do let pfd 69 US Steel 14%
Do 2d pfd 6114 Do prd «1»;
111 Central 135 Wabash 20
Louis & Na*h...104t Do pfd 34
Mo, Kan* & T... 17%
Bar silver— Firm, 28d per ounce.
Money— 2%@3% per cent.
The rate of discount in the open market for
•hort bills Is 3% 33% per cent and for three
months' bills 3 ll-ie^*; per cent.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Another large lot of Beans came In. making
u5,287 sacks received thus far this week. The
market continues weak, with Blackeye and
Large White lower. Llmas have gone, up a
little down south and are firmer here in sym
pathy.
BEANS— Bayos. $2 25@2 45; Pea. $3 25;
Butters. $3 25; smaU White. $2 90<!?3 25;
large White, §2 40®2 65: Pink. $2 30®2 50;
Red. $2 OOffS; Lima. $2 00@3; Red Kidneys.
$4 25; Blackeye $2 10@2 35 per ctl; Horse
Beans, $1 50£2.'
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, $3; Yellow Mus
tard, $2 75«f2 80; Flax. $1 70@l 80: Canary.
5&5%c for Eastern; Alfalfa, 12®13c; Rape,
l»i@2%c: Timothy. 6@6%c; Hemp. 3%@3%c
per lb; Millet, 3@3%c; Broom-Corn Seed, $20®
23 per ton.
DRIED PEAS— Green. $1 8002 per ctl.
Beans and Seeds.
the undertone was heavy and th« demand poor,
with stocks increasing all the time faster than
expected. -»" . '' . "
-• The Chicago wires of Bolton. De Ruyter &
Co. said: "The market Is a shade firmer and
very dull. Receipts of Hogs a little more lib
eral. The distributive demand shows no im
provement of Importance. So far as can be
seen packers are not working very hard for
higher prices, and outside Interest affords but
little support."
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 12c per lb for
heavy. I2%c for light medium. 14%c for light.
15c for extra light, ISc for sugar-cured and
ID*- for extra sugar-cured; Eastern sugar
cured Hams. Mfcc; California Hams. 14%c;
Mess Beef. $11 50 »er bbl: extra Mess.
$12(212 50; Family; $13913 60; prime Mess
Pork, $10; extra clear, $23; Mess. $20; Dry
Salted Pork. 12%c; Pig Pork. $23; Pigs" Feet.
$5 25; Smoked Beef. 15c per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 7Uc per lb for
compound and 9@9Uc for pure; half barrels,
pure. $>%c; 10-lb tins, 9%t@10c: 5-lb tins, 10%®
10%c; 3-lb tins. HHi@10Hc.
COTTOLENE— One half barrel. 0*c: three
half barrels. 9?4c: one tierce, 0%c; two tierces.
Sc: five tierces. 8T4c per lb.
12 60; Barley. $10®12 60; Stock, $9@10; Alfal
fa. $10©ll 50 per ton. .
STRAW— 4C@65c per bale. "
S2e; No. 2 red, 91ttfJft2!$c:;No. 2 corn, 44?ie;
No. 2 yellow, 44%©4fi%c:ifNo. 2 oats, 36Vic;
•No. » white, 3ft0<38c: No. 2 rye, -We; good feed-
Ing barley. -IO*S+4c; fair to choice malting, 4"S
55c; No. 1 flaxseed. Olo: No. 1 Northwestern,
93V4c: Drime timothy need. $2 SO; mess pork,
per bbl, $11 2.V&U 37%: lard, per 100 lbs,
$C Wp 55; short ribs Bides (loose), $7®
7 50: "short clear sides (boxed). • $7 25@7 30;
whisky, basis of high wines. $1 25; clover,
contract grade. $10 C5@10 75.
Articles — : . Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels ... 43.900 22.700 '
"Wheat, bushels 207.300 240.900
Corn, bushels 424.POO 679.600
Oats, bushels 131.800 205,800
Rye. bushels ".. 12.400 3.200
Barley, bushels 00.000 11.500
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was firm; creams, 15%@21%c N ; dairy,
14@lSc. Egg*, firm; at mark, cases Included,
19@20%c. Cheese.arasy. 10%@llc.
Foreign Futures.
Liverpool! . ¦
Wheat— " .. - . .¦ : ' : . : .. Dec.
Opening 6 6 '
Closing •¦• .... 6 614
PARIS. . • . .
Wheat— Oct. Jan. -A pi.
Opening ...20 85 20 95.
Closing 20 00 2100.
Flour-
Opening 31M *• 28 35
Closing 32 10 28 45
THE SAN FBANCISCO CAL.I/, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 29, 1903.
STOCK MARKET.
Cai!*> quotations were as follows: Flour,
firm; No. 2 spring wheat, 82384c; No. 3, 80®
Provisions.
Chicago was firm again on the day, though
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
me. inew) «>!» S0% rov 80i;
May 79% "9*4 "8% 7014
Com No. 2—
October •••• .... 44W.
December 44 ,44% 43^ 44^
May 43 43% 42T4 43*
Oat* No. 2— ¦ **
October ..•• .... 36U
December 36 36V4 35% aei?
May ........... 88H 3CT, 3 6* %
HMt Pork, per bbl— ¦*
October 11 3ft 11 35 11 35 u ss
January 12 00 12 10 12 00 12 10
May 12 20 12 22 V4 12 15 12 20
Lard. I>er 100 lbs—
October 6 60 6 50 6 60 6 60
December 6 66 6 65 6 65 6 65
January 6 60 6 67^.0 60 * 6 «7»4
May 6 67% 6 72% 6 67% 67314
Short Rlba. per 100 lb«— • • ¦ ' a
January 6 77% B 32% fl 27% 0 32%
May 6 40 6 47 Vj 6 40 6 42%
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
11
AUCTION SALES
L. H. BURD
wm sen
THIS DAY, Thursday, October 29,
11 a. m. at warehouse.
ISIS MARKET ST.
2 CARS EASTERN FURNITURE.
¦ L. H. BURD. Auctioneer.THE SAN "FRANCISCO CALL, THUK SDAY, OCTOBER 29, 1903.
12
UEETIXG NOTICES.
MISSION Chapter No. 79. R. A. M. — J»
.-r*cl»l meeting THIS (THURSDADVy
EVENING. 7 o'clock. M. M. degree. /V\
Vy order of the H. P.
JNO. R. HILLMAN. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Lodce No. 1. F. and A. O |
M.. will meet THIS (THURSDAY) jQr
KVENING. Oct. 29. at 7:30 o'clock. /? \
Third decree. The officers of Mission :
Lo^ge No. 169 will confer the degree. All
ila«ter Masons are cordially invited to be
present. By order of the Master.
FRANKLIN H DAY. Secretary.
FIDELITY Lodge No. 120. F. and A. «
U.— Special meetirc THIS (THURS-'vVf
DAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. />fN
Third degree. Master Masons cordially
iBVtted. By order of the W. M.
FREDERICK BARKY. Secretary. .
MISSION Lodge No. 10U. F. and A. M. ©
—Officers and members are requested "Sftf
to assemble at the Masonic Temple /V\
THIS (THURSDAY) EVENING at
' . 7:00 o'clock {or the purpose of paying a
fraternal visit to California L-Tdge No. 1.
F. and A. M. By ortier of the W. M.
K. E. ALLAN. Secretary.
SOUTH San Francisco Lodge No. 212, J5
F. and A. M.. meets THIS (THURS-vV
DAY) EVENING at 7:3« o'clock for/V\
- f.rtt dezree. By order of the Master.
¦ E. C. HARE. Secretary.
DOHIC Lccce No. 1'IG, F. and A. M. — e
Special meeting THIS (THURSDAY) YY
KVKNINO at 7 o'clock. Third degree. /V\
Ov order of the Master.
J. R. GOLDSMITH. Secretary.
6TARR KING Lodi-e No. .'544. F. and ~O
A. M.. ."!I7 Dev.sadero st. — Second flt-VY
tree THIS EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. /^r\
..j..--,. r :.:.-i.-o:.> cordially Invited. By
order nf the W. M. I
A. A. ANDERSON. Sec !
TKIiUA L'uer-a Lodce No. 15. I. O. ..«»„
O. K.. raoet* THIS <THURSDAY)^»|ai£fc.
KVENING, Oct. -¦<. The V«'teran:*<Ej£gj:;€Ws
Odd Fellows will uay a fraternal ~^S?8S^ > '
visit. V-.sitinjs brothers cordially Invited. By
crdtr FRANK KRULL, Noble Grand.
CHAS. A. WISEWELL, Rec. Sec.
GOLDEN \\>st Lodce Xo. 3227^ 3~^Z
'_>. F.— initiation THIS
(THURSDAY) EVENING. -"ttT*?**!
GLO. W. MORSE. N. G.
V» . 11. HEDELL. K. S.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. K. of P..
meet* THIS THURSDAY at h p. m., *^1S>^
i'yihlan Castle, SK.-9 Market St. Third
rani:, long lorra Visitor* cordially in- Jyr*<Z*
v.ted. -iKTHUR O. DAVIS. C. C. J£*-*\> \
U. S. McLKNN.VN. K. of R. and S.
MARINE Engineers' Beneficial Association No.
.'K>— iltmbera a.re requested to attend the fu-
neral ol our deceased brother. CHARLES
HLrfC'N, from undertaking parlors of JULIUS
OODEAV, i.C'5 Montgomery ave., THURS-
UAY. Oct. r.». at '2 p. m. Interment. Laurel
H:ll Cemetery. JAS-\ RAPHAEL. Pres.
EDWABO BRADY. Sec.
NOTICE Of meeting of stockholders — Office of
Spring *~*li«-y Water Company, roon. 3. sixth
Boor, KG Stockton street, San Francisco,
Cal.. September 13, lyuO — To the stock-
holder* of the Spring Valley Water Com-
pany: Notice is hereby given tr.at, pur-
tuar.t to a. resolution of the Board of Direct-
ors ol the Spring Valley Water Company, a
ccrporaxicn. unanimously adopted on the 15th
Uay of September. l'JUCt, at a meeting uf
*aid bcfcrcL, duly called and h«Ul at tne
effice of raid company in the city ur.d county
c{ San Francisco. State of Cmitornia, a
meeting of the stockholders of »aid corpora-
tion will be held at the office and principal
place of business of said corporation, to-
»it, in room three, sixth floor, in the build-
ing ou tbe southeast corner of (Jtary and
Stockton 6treete. in the city and county of
San Francisco. State of California, known
as No. 12t> Htockton street, said building
l>eing the building where the Board of Di-
rectors cf eaid corporation usually meets,
and aaid room being the room In raid build-
ing where the directors and stockholders «.f
eaid corporation usually meet, on Monday,
the 23d day of November, 19U3, at 2 o'clock
p. m.. for the object and purpose of then
and there considering and voting upon a
proposal to create a bonded indebtedness of
taid Kpring Valley Water Comnany In the
• turn of twenty-eight million ($28,000,000 00)
dollar*. uayaMe December 1, 1323, with In-
terest thereon at the rate of i per cent
I-er annum, payable seml-annually. and prin-
cipal and interest payable in gold coin of
the United States of America of the present
rtasd&rd of weisht and fineness; and to
tecure the bonded lndebtedneuB, :o proposed
to be created, by a mortgage upon or deed
cf trust of all the property of said corpora- i
ticn now owned or which it may hereafter
acquire and during the life or term of said
mortgage or deed of trust. By order of
the Board of Directors.
PELHAM W. AMES.
Fecretsry of the Spring Valley Water Com-
Pany.
AGEXTS wanted.
AGENTS — An sgency for a proposition that is
a decided improvement on building and loan
Is worth having. Great Western Improve-
tn<>nt Compary. Parrott hldg.
ATTORXEYS-AT-LAW.
ADVICE FR'trE?" " " ~~~*~™~—
OLD ESTABLISHED.
COLUMEIAN LAW & COLLECTION AGENCY
A tie attorneys. Rbi. 85. 916 Market, opposite
Emporium. Bad tenants ejected speedily and
reasonably. Collections, no matter how small
aurndt-d to; attachments: bonds furnished; cor-
porations organized; civil and criminal prac-
tice. Tel. John (C26. Open evgs. by appointment.
We solicit and Interview with you.
THE LEGAL ADVISORY. Inc. ~~"
Practice in Federal and all State courts.
Attachments, divorce, mining, bankruptcy,
prosecutions, adjustment*, corporations, pat-
ents, estates, probate.
Experienced and Reliable Attorneys Engaged.
Advke guaranteed. Correspondence solicited.
611. 511A. 511B Crossley Bldg. Tel. John 2928.
N. E. Cor. New Montgomery and Mission Sts.
ROBT. W. KING, atty-at-law. Examiner bid.,
room 611; all cases, damages, estates, wills.
attachments, collections, etc.; consultation
free: no advance charges; call or write;
evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 3G0L
ADVICE free — I will advance cost In roerttori-
eus cases, divorces, probate and all other law
cases; no fees in advance; open every «v«n-
tng. J. M. THURSTON. 818 Market st^ r. »L
Warner Temple, 93 Chronicle big. ; bankruptcy,
accidents, probate, matrimonial; labor lien*.
DIVORCE ccsts $12: open evenings; tenants
ejected, |S. 016 Market.r.CS, phone Black Ml. i
ATTORJfEY-AT-IiAW-— Contlnned^ |
ADVICE FREE. ESTABLISHED 22 YEARS.
Divorces a Specialty. Private. Quick. -¦;;
NO PAY UNLESS SUCCESSFUL.
O. W. HOWE. Att'y-at-Law.
1122 Market st.. between Mason and Taylor.
Nearly opposite "Hale's" Dry Goods Store.
A. M- EWING— Attorney-at-law. Room 612,
Parrott bldg.: phone South 655.
DIVORCE — Costs. $12; quick, quiet; open even-
ings.^
L. E CLARK. Emma gpreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket St.; consultation free; no fees In advance.
AITKEN * AITKEN. attorneys, rs. 309-KMLL
Clunle bide. 503 California st.; tel. Main 727.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful- all
lsw business. W. W. Davidson. B27 Market.
nUSIXESS CHAKCES.
! FOR sale — Grocery store; good stock, fixtures,
cash register, safe; old established business:
SW. cor. Tw-nty-fourth and Folsom sts.
I Apply D. A. CURTIN. room 24. third floor.
Mills building, city.
FOR sale for $75; a snap for a lady who likes ;
1 work; & store with ready-made stock; two j
living rooms partly furnished. Inquire at
106 Eleventh st. _
H1400 — HOTEL with good bar trade in good
country town near Oakland. P. C. LASSEN
& CO., 466 Tenth St.. Oakland. Cal.
FOR tale — 500 shares incorporated company;
no mininr; must sell; leaving for Europe,
Address W.. box 4498. Call office.
BRANCH bakery: must sell this w«k; — >ko
an offer. MOSSMAN. Examiner bldg.. 411.
SALOON — Well established Ealoon for sale.
Apply BE. corner Eighteenth and Capp fts.
FOR sale^ — Restaurant and oyster house. 1CS
Seventh st.; going In another business.
BAKERY for sale at 1550 Church St.: good
business; all store trade; owner going East.
SUMMER and winter resort for sale. Box
2658. Call office.
A BARGAIN— Photo studio; central location:
other business demands my attention; no
time for trillers. Address box 750. Call.
$750^ — DELICACY store; select rooming dis-
trict; 2 living rooms; owner called away.
Box "CO. Call. .
WOULD like to buy part interest or whole in
a good-paying business; small town or coun-
try; give particulars. Box 2651. Call.
PARTNER in first-class saloon. Inquire at
1898 Howard st. .
PARTNER — Butcher shop; small capital; good
habits; chance: lnvestlcate. Box 757. Call.
FOR sale — Stationery news business In live
country town. Box T62, Call office.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
16 ROOMS, rent $85. good $1400
36 rooms, new furniture, transient 3500
14 rooms, good furniture, rent $90 1100 1
21 rooms, good transient 2100 !
17 rooms, good location 650
11 rooms, steady roomers, rent $30 425
MOSSMAN. Examiner bldg.. 411.
14 ROOMS; well furnished; all full; price rea.
sonable. 824 Mission st. : call bet. 0 and 4.
SPIRITUALISM.
PROF. Fred P. Evans, noted psychic for slate-
wrftlng and clairvoyance: stamp for circular.
1112 Eddy st.. nr. Octavla; phone Scott 887. #
MRS. CONNOLL. 148 Sixth St.; circle every
night; tests to all. 10c; readings dally.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-night,
10c; private readings. 619 McAllister st.
MRS. EBERHARDT'S spiritual test meeting
to-night 8 p. m. sharp; 10c. 3250 22d et.
EDWARD EARLE. 1052 Ellis, readings dally;
»:3O to 4: seances Sunday and Thursday. ;
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MY Regular $3 Readings This Week for
$1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1
PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE.
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever in San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee
'o make no charge If I fall to tell you ycur
name, occupation and what you called for; j
I promise to tell you whether husband, wife |
or sweetheart is true or false; 1 tell you I
whom and when you will marry; In fact, I j
will tell you every hope, fear or ambition '
better than you can tell yourself; I improve
your character so that you will reach the
highest possible development in mental vigor,
health, happiness and capacity to earn !
wealih; eo you will live happy and contented I
the rest of your life. Hours 10 a. m. to S •
p. m.; Sundays. 2 to 8. 326 O'Farrell St., 326. j
MME. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS j
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third St., next Examiner j
bldg.: she rends your life correctly, gives an J
accurate description of tbe past, reveals the {
present happenings and portrays events to
occur in the future; if you are in trouble, dis-
contented or not satisfied in life, or have do- j
raestic, love or business troubles, consult this :
Great medium and you will be told how to |
overcome them; valuable advice in all affairs 1
of life; 25c up; satifcfsction guaranteed; read- j
ings by mall. Tel. Black 45C0. * !
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
St., cor. Turk; private readings daliy, 10 a.
in. to 5 p. hi.; readings by mall as satisfac-
tory as In person; 3 questions answered. $1; |
full life, $5; send lock of hair, dat? and year ¦
of birth; don't send currency. Send postofflce. ¦
Wells-Fargo money order or registered letter. 1
A— MME. PORTER, scientific clairvoyant and
card render, born with a double veil and sec- !
ond sight; tells the past, present and future; 1
ladles. 60c; gents. $1; by cards, palmistry i
ar.d clairvoyant sitting; .$1 60. 12*5 Turk st.
MRS. A. H. Kronenberg. palmist, clairvoyant,
card reader will give a good reading, 10c. for
a 6hort time only; when others fall try me to [
convince yourself. 721 Franklin, near Turk.
j ¦ 1 1
MME. LEE, palmistry and clairvoyant: hours
9-5: evenings and Sundays by appointment; •
readings J50c; 205 Larkin £t., rooms 17 & 18. !
MISS ZEMDAR. young, gifted clalr. and palm.;
reveals love, marriage, business, etc.; L. 50>:.
G. $1: hours 10 to 9; names. 714 Franklin st.
A — Mme. Ravenna reads life, business advice;
names given; Z5c up. 5 4th St., near Market.
Mrs. Wyzan, gifted clairvoyant, card reader,
test medium: la. 25c. 1008 Harrison, nr. 6th.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader In city.
2<jy, Kearny. room 20; ladles 25c; gents 50c.
PARTHENA. gifted clalr" Just from East;
wonderful prophetess. 507 Post St.. nr. Mason.
MISS WARD gives names, dates ,and facts;
hours 10 to 8. 413 Mason st. ; no sign.
MRS. SHAFER. clairvoyant, rard trader; slt-
tlng w daily. 41$^ Je?s!e st.. bet. .'.th and 6th.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cent*— The Weekly Call.
IC pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year
CARPET BEATiyo AND CLEAXISo!
AIR. compressed, dry, ice cold. Is now univer-
sally used in sanitarily cleaning carpets, on
f.oor. without removal or Injury; prices mod-
erate Apply S. F. COMPRESSED AIR
CLEANING CO.. Call bid. ; phone Main 5237.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
eend for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
tng Works. 35B-3S7 Tehama st. ; tel. South 40.
SMITH'S Carpet Cleaning Co.; Al work guar-
anteed. 3c. 1843 15th et. ; phone Capp 1551.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1809 Har-
rison ct. ; Al cleaning. Sc; tel. Mission 225.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating Co.. J. McQueen,
proprietor, 329 Guerrero St.; tel. Mission 49.
TRY HOPKbIbROS.: excellent carrot-beating;
mattresses made over. 1432 Howard ;South 216.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st. :
tel. Main 3tH. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison St.; tel. Mission 203.
CONKL1N*S Superior Carpet-beating Works.
333 Golden Gate ave. : telephone East 126.
COLLECTIO?; ° F f^ E S-_ "
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10; tel. 5580.
CEEDIT CLOTHTEE.9. '
C. F. ADAMS CO.
SPECIAL CREDIT STORE.
We clothe the whole family from hats to
shoes; everything 'up to date at cash prices.
Credit for all. 318 Mason et.
\_^__^ DENTISTS. -„,."
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809^JarkeTTu
cor. Fourth, room 7, Flood building; extrac-
tions done painlessly; teeth without plate*
our specialty: gold crowns. $3 60 up: plates.
$4 60 up, extraction free; office hours, 9
a. m. to 9 p. m. ; Sundays. 9 to 2.
DR. GRUSS. 504-5-6 Callaghan bldg.. Market
and McAllister ats., uses tbe Basford Obtun-
der. the only device ever Invented for grind-
ing, drilling and excavating teeth absolutely
without pain. For demonstration and proof
call at office. ,
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr.EIeventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made: old plates -made over I ike, new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting, 50c; gas given.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crown. $3 60; fillings. 60c;
plates, |5; full set;all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Rlxth st.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush-
Bet teeth $1 60 up; crowns $2 up; fillings 25c.
GOLD fillings. 75c; sliver, 35c; crowns. $2: no
pafn; open Sunday. Dr.O.B.Hewltt.204 Sutter.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents-^-The Weekly Call,
J6 pttes, la_wrapper. f cr avtUlar, f 1 per y«*r.
FLATS TO LET.
A— HOUSES and > flats to let; an Immense Mst;
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department: It will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-209 Geary
at., on th«= square.
$30— NEW upper flat: 8 fine large sunny rooms;
2 toilets; concrete basement; fine finish. 1J0
Second ave., near Sacramento, Richmond.
A SUNNY cor. C-room flat; first-class In every
respect: 3945 17th st.; half block from Mar-
ket; Castro and Elghtenth st. cars.
ALPINE, 173 — New upper flat. 8 rooms, bath;
all modern improvements ;sun every room;$l3.
$1S— 287 SHIPLEY, near Sixth— Flat. 5 rooms,
bath; nice yard; sunny. •
ELLIS. 810. nr. Polk— For business purposes; 3
rms.; all conveniences: electric light, power.
GEARY, 1989 — Renovated upper flat, 4 rooms
with kitchen. )
NEW flat of 6 r. and b.: cor. 22d and Valencia
Bts.; rent reasonable. D. Coffin. 3303 Mission.
WASHINGTON, cor. Lyon; new. sunny cornsr
flat; 9 rooms: grand view; rent $55.
HELP WANTED FEMALE.
WANTED— Cook, Ean Jose, $35; 4 German
cooks. $30. $35; 2 parlor maids. $25; 4 second
girls. $20, $25; maid and seamstress. $25;
chambermaid, assist 2 grown children, .$25;
assist boarding-house, Berkeley. $25; maid,
lady, hotel, sleep home. $25: chambermaid,
wait one meal, $25: cook and second girl,
same house, $30, $20; nurse girl. $25; house-
work, $30, and a large number of houeegirls,
$20. $25. $.:0. city and country. Apply to
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 334 Sutter st.
A COOK for a boarding-house, $40, also a
waitress and pantry girl for same place, $25
and $20; a German seamstress willing to do
chamberwork. $.'!0; a laundress by the day,
$1 50 a day; a cook for hotel, $30; 10 house-
work girls for city and country, $25 and $30.
MISS PLUNKETT, 425 Sutter st.,nr. Powell.
A — Girls to learn millinery now for fall season;
both seasons taught from start to finish In 1
month for $10; positions as trimmers, sales-
ladies, etc.. guaranteed at $10 per week up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton st.. r. 13.
A — WANTED — Girls to learn halrdresslng.
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to Z
in 2 weeks; $5 to those entering now; 3 po-
sitions to fill Immediately; positions guaran-
teed at $10 per week up; leading school In
West; 233 Geary st.." room 13.
A — LADIES to learn all branches halrdressing
trade; manicuring, massage, etc., 1236 Mar-
ket St.. cor. Jones, room 94; positions s^cuied
at highest wages; day and eve. class; call.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-
ETERS: NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY:
PAID SALARY. LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'S
FACTORIES. 32V4 FREMONT «?T. AND 1S73
MISSION. NEAR FIFTEENTH.
LADIES wanted everywhere, copying letters at
home, evenings or spare time, and return to
us; no mailing or canvasstng; $3 weekly
earned; materials free. Inclose self-addressed
envelope for particulars. Guarantee Co., No.
W 4 Ninth st.. Philadelphia, Pa.
BRIGHT, neat. Industrious boy or girl, 16 to
20. stenographer desiring to study law, for
law office in country; wares fair. Address
box 20. Call. In handwriting.
WANTED — A lady for kindergarten and gov-
erness at Pacific Hebrew Orphanage, 600 De-
vlsadero st.
WANTED — Experienced waitresses for lunch
only; 2 hours. r»Oc. 749 Market St.. PUR1-
TAN DINING-ROOM.
SALESLADY and cashier for restaurant and
bakery: must have experience and references.
Call early, ready to go to work. 38 Fourth st.
WANTED — Stenographer who can also play
piano. Hoover Physical Culture, 1S30 Fill-
more st.
A LADY of Indomitable energy to make money
and a convincing talker. F. PERSON. 477
and 478 Parrott building.
EXPERIENCED saleslady: call between 1> and
10. MRS. NETTIE HARRISON. 140 Geary.
FINISHER on pants; also apprentice. * 410
Kearny st.. room 32.
WANTED — Shirt machine operator for laundry.
Box 2«T<9, Call office.
GIRL for llRht housework. 42C5 Twenty-fourth
st.. near Diamond.
LUNCH waitress wanted at 506 Howard st.
COMMERCIAL traveler af once. Box 206?,
. Call.
CANDY Faleslady with experience wanted.
BUM'S Confectionery, cor. Polk and Sutter.
WANTED— Girl to assist In llsht housework.
UlO'.i Geary st.
GIRL for cnernl housework and assist in
cooking. 1612 Scott st.
WANTED — A finisher to work on custom
ccat3 at .111 Fifth et.; call at once.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on ladles' cloaks and
suits at KRAGEN, BAMDERGER & CO.'S,
4ti3 Mission St.. fourth floor.
BODICE. sl:lrt and sleeve hands." Apply
dressmaking department RAPHAEL WEILL
& CO.. Post and Kearny sta.
GIRL to do light housework and assist In tak-
ing care of 2 children; carfare paid. 2t!S
Carl st., near Stanyan.
YOUNG German girl for housework, small
family; no washing, no window-cleaning;
good home; $15. 1530 Grove st.
CIGARETTE makers wanted: learners taken:
steady work: good wages. The John Bollman
Co.. corner Front and Pacific sts.
GIRLS about 15 for factory work: giod wages.
Apply at once. AMES & HARRIS. 100 Sac-
ramento st. '
FIRST-CLASS finisher on coats; wnges $10 up.
ROSENBLUM & ABRAHAM, lift"? Market.
A GOOD sewer for corset making; also experi-
enced hand. 503 Powell st. '
WAITRESS wanted ;~$9~a~ week. 631 Clay «L
FINISHERS, also good sewers, on ladles' tall-
orlng; good pay; steady. BLUCK, 1383 Geary.
COAT and sleeve hands: aleo operator and
stock girl. 110 Geary st.
FIRST-CLASS stenographers furnished. Miss
M. G. Barrett, Instructor. S02 Montgomery.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch. of flee. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st- •
WANTED— For U. S. Marine Corps, able-
bodied unmarried men. between 21 and 38;
good character; must speak, read and write
English ; marines serve at sea on men-of-
war In all parts of the world, 'on land in our
j Island possessions, and at naval stations la
the United States. Apply at recruiting of-
fice. 40 Ellis st., San Francisco, Cal.. and
401 K St.. Sacramento. Ol.
FIRST-CLASS paying barber shop for sale.
Call at 132 Pacific st.
COATM AKER for country. Apply REISS
; BROS. & CO.,, 24 Sutter st. J . ¦
PAYING .barber shop: transient point: rent $T;
< ch^ap for cash. : Call S28 Bryant st.
HELP WAXTED — MALE — Continued.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S Employment Agency
420 Bush st &42 Clay st.
For State of Nevada Board $4 60 week
3 carpenters with tools $3 50
S00 laborers $2
Absolutely Free Fare for All Above.
Walter, help's hall, country hotel, fare paid.
$25; pantryman, country hotel. $40; house-
man, country hotel $25; broilers, fry cooks
and others. $50, $75; 2 omnibuses, country
hotel $25; oyster man. $40; bell and elevator
hovg' city $15. $20; waiter, country hotel,
$30.
Stableman, private place. $35; man and
wife, janitor and cook', apartment house,
city, $60.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S Employment Agency
429 Bush st '. &42 Clay st.
AT THE CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
09 Third St., nr. Call bldg.: phone Bush 405.
FREE FARE.
NEVADA NEVADA. !
RENO, GOLCONDA, RYNDON.
ICO laborers. $2 a day; S. P. R. R. Co.'s own
work; board $4 50 week.
RENO.
CARPENTERS.
Big sawmill company; new mill; 5 carpen-
ters, $3 50 a day; long Job; ship to-day.
4 men for rock quarry, $2 23 a day.
CHICO. BUTTE CO.
Half Rr.te Fare. $2 80.
12 teamsters. ?2 50 a day.
10 laborers. $2 2T> a. day.
15 teamsters, $75 a month.
Ship to-day; ree $1.
CAL. EMP. AGENCY, K3 Third st.
LAUNDRYMAN for country, $15 and board: 2
farmers ami wives, $45 and $50 and found;
farmers. $i'5 and found: woodchoppers for
mine, $1 M> cord, long job; coopers; married
man to enre for place. $."5. and others. J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. U2S Sacramento St.
COOK and wife, hotel, 550: waiter and wife,
country hotel. $. r >0; broiler, §75; fryer, $70;
ojsterman, 540; silverman. $.'50; baker's
helper and others. J.' F. CROSETT & CO.,
628 Sacramento st.
AT S. F. EMP BUREAU. 17 Fourth st.
Reno, all points Nevada, free fare.
Laborers and rockmen, city, $2 25 day.
2 2-hors2 teamsters, lumber co., $50 fd.
2 rough carpenters, lumber co., $2 fd.
10 lumber Dilers. north, east. §1 50 fd.
Swampers, spool tenders, timber fellers, etc.
Boilermaker helpeis. near city, $2 15 up.
Call and see 11s: lots of work.
S. F. EMP. BUREAU. Phone Grant 26.
AT "E. & B." R. R. Labor Agency.
&'SS Commercial st.
Free Fare^ — Free Fare.
r>0 tunnel men. $2 50 to $:J day.
CO muckers and drillers, $2 to 52 50 a day.
100 laborers. $2 a day.
Long job: eight months' work.
> rec tare — ltyndon, Nevada.
"E. & B." R. R. LABOR AGENCY,
«*W Commercial et.
AN.A1 nil around dry goods man; must be un
to date, of good personal appearance sober
and able to manage a dry goods depart-
ment; permanent position worth from $1SO
to $2C0 por month; references must accom-
pany applications. Address box 2662. Call.
MEN who collected newspaper election returns
last year and who have not already been en-
gaged call at room 9. basement Registrar's
office. City Hall, between 10 and 2 o'clock
to-day (Thursday).
YOUNG men everywhere copy letters home
eveninps; S9 60 week: send addressed enve-
lope for particulars. Manaser Dei>t. W 4.
box 1411. Philadelphia. Pa.
TRY our men's shces. union made, at $1 aad
$1 60 per pair, liiot-form show at $2 50, or
orthopedic shoes. $3 50;best shoes on earth. 11
Third et.. Exam, bldg.. 5 doors from Market.
EXPERIENCED cutter; gocd salary; steady
position for right man. .Apply S N. WOOD
& CO.. 740 Market st
SHINGLERS wanted to go to tbe country
Thursday morning; call at Russ House. E.
LODER. .
A MAN of .indomitable energy and push, a good
talker, eager to make money. F. PERSON.
477 ami -Iss Parrott building.
A— SEAMEN for deep water sailing ships.
W. B. SWEARS. Pacific Mall Dock.
GOOD errand boy ¦ wanted. MRS. S. R.
HALL. 10 Kearny st.
BOY to take and deliver orders. 342 Devlsa-
dero St.. near Oak.
TAILOR— Steady work, at 42S Ninth St.. Oak-
land.
WANTED — 4 men to distribute circulars. Ap-
ply 1C6 Pine st.
EXPERIENCED man for domestic department.
Apply buperintendenfs office, Emporium.
BOOTBLACK wanted. Hayward Shavins Par-
lor, 411. Hayward building.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
!?1 no pair: foot-form shoes at $2 SO; we pay
express or mall chrir«. It 3d st.. Exam. bid.
STRONG, active boy: factory w«rk. Pacific
Shoe Polish Co., 217 Ellis st.
WANTED— A bedmaker at 360 Howard st.
BOOTBLACK nnd bathman at Maze barber
shop and baths. 11 Sixth st.
WANTED — First-class painters. 810 La~-
guna st.
BARBER wanted- for Saturday and Sunday.
1S24 Polk st. \
NURSERYMAN and Jobbing gardener wanted.
Apply at 6C0 Haight st.
WANTED— A good bootblack. 947 Flllmore
St., corner McAllister.
BARBER shop for eale; good business. 1303
Harrison St., near Tenth.
A GOOD position Is offered to a reliable man
who has a large acquaintance among prop-
. erty owners; If a gocd solicitor, he can build
up a good paying business with a responsible
Eastern company. Address P. O. box 2094.
MEN to learn barber trade; only 8 weeks re-
quired: special offer this month; catalogue
and full Information mailed free. MOLER
SYSTEM COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House.
217. Third St.: 250 rooms; 25c to 60c per night.
WANTED — Trustworthy man for light work;
steady place; good wages; must put up $150
cash. Inquire 55 Third st., room 1.
YOUNG man who knows the city to earn hla
' education In a business college. California
;j<-s!r>es>6 College. .
BOY about 15 years of «ge for men's furnish-
ing store; references. Address box 755, jCall.
STEADY German: refs. ; tend bar. make hlm-
salf useful: wine house. 15. City Hall square.
BARBER shop for sale. 8 City Hall square.
MEN to learn the barber trade; first-class in-
structions guaranteed, (ill Commercial st.
BARBER trade taught tn 5 weeks. Address
W. C. B.. 847 Commercial at.-
MEN to learn barber trade; catalogue mailed.
a F. Barber School. T41A Howard st.
McDONALD & PERRY have a large stfck of
new and second-hand shoes; cheap. 238 3d st.
PENSION atty. E. A. Bullls. room 40, Phelan
bldg.: Fast Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post O.A.U.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE— CenX
FOR sale— New 50-ft. rasollne launch with A
modern 40-horsepower engine and all extras' Ti'
good business: only cash sale considered. Ad'
dress G. B.. box 520. Sacramento. Cat. "
MOVINO picture film and song slides, iqa
Montgomery »C*
EAFES — New and second-hand. E. B. BBCI
A CO.. 122 Martcef st. v *
All bargains :camp stools and chairs -.hammock*
metal beds. mattresses. J.F.Hotter. 712 Mlssioj)*
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, monoz
picture machines, films. Bactgalupl. 933 jt t *
GASOLINE engine* automobtle* and lauachas-
all sixes. J. E. DOAK. 46 rremont st. '
ASK Vr prices on second-hand typewriters; »;i
mak>». ALEXANDER * CO.. 110 Montg-y
M1 ? CELlt * AXEO1tJ9 WAJtTS>
A FOOT-POWER screw cutting lath© wanted
W. I.. P. O. box 2G&i.
! I PAY highest prices for all kinds of cast-oS
clothing: send postal. MORRIS. 870 Folsom.
BOOKS and libraries bought. H. C. HOX*MBiT
1149 Market at.; phone Jessie 3741. or portal.
' TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
i theatrical goods. 154 Oth st. : tel. Jeasi* 2S31.
A BIG price paid for sealskins: send postal.
?T. Ptrykton «t. : phon» Bush 4S4.
I1OXEV TO LOA.t.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY.
t01-eu2-0tti Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointment
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property in trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided la-
ter ests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
1NTEP.EST REDUCED TO 5 PER CENT.
DEAL DIRECT; SAVE EXPENSES.
1 will lean on 1st. 2d and 3d mortgages. 3AM
FRANCISCO. OAKLAND. TOWN. COUN- J
TRY PROPERTY and REAL ESTATE O* 9 /
probate; send full particulars of property; bo *
answer otherwise. Box 249S. Call office.
ADVANCES on furniture and pianos without '
removal; to permanent salaried people oa
their note without security or knowledge o£
employer; lowest rates; no commission. Na-
tional Credit Co.. 63 and 69 Donohoe build-
ing. 1170 Market st.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtala
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, as
lowest rate*. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 844
Market st. : tel. Main 1644. Branch. 19 Third.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments; largest business la
46 principal cities. To.lman. &S3 Parrott hld».
THE Open Credit Assn. makes advancea to re-
sponsible salaried people, confidentially; n«w
and simple plan; easy installments. Room
60. Academy of Science*. 819 Market »t.
BTRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL LOANS on fur-
nlture. pianos or to salaried people oa their
note; proper treatment guaranteed. ILLINOIS
TRUST CO.. r. 16. Phelan bid.. tel.Mala 704.
A — 1 per cent on furniture or piano: no remov-
al, no commission, no publicity ;$23 up; quick,
private, confidential. 28 Montgomery, rn. 7.
M. JACOBSEN * CO.. room 621, Emma Spreck-
els Building, loans money on real estate and
all other securities; confidential; low rates.
JTUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant are..
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10.000. »
MONEY to loan on low interest; gold, silver,
diamonds pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
TO salaried people without security; oa fur-
niture, indorsed notes and other security.
S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan bldr
YOU can borrow more money oa your furnltur*)'"^
than any other place In city; no commission. ™
612 Parrott building} phone South 653.
ON personal and real property. E, W. LICK.
1003 Mutual Savings Bank Mdg.. 7C8 Market.
MONEY loaned to salaried employes. Q. W.
I MILLER, room 74. fifth floor. Chronicle bldy.
1 3% ON furniture £ pianos; $15 up; no removal.
! V. TP.EMAIN. room 81. 6 Eddy at., floor 4.
1 ALL loan* on diamonds and jewelry 2 per cent
¦ mo. 8. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 533 Kearny.
i STAR " <*n Co. cf Wyoming loans money to
talafV-d employes. R.311. Mutual Sav.Bk.bld.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
: lndorser. MORELL. 609 Examiner bldg.
I A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
IB pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per y^sr
I .MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
A LIST of bargains that can't be beat any-
where — Uprights: Alexander Allen. $^5: Col-
lard, $37; Filrher. $47; New York & Co..
$1-7; American, mahg.. $1.17: Kimball. wal-
nut. $147: Mansfield. Notni. Italian wal..
$157; 2 Emersona. ebony and burl walnut.
$140 and $lt!O Etetsca, watnut case. $1«T>. 2
Chlckerings. small size, rosewood case. $l*i:
2 Steinwuys, small and largo upright. $1J«5
ar.d $290; tjlr-ger. small size, •llchtly useu.
! $215; Havre;, new. damage to case in tran-
sit. $190: Heine, small stze, less than l'»
y^ars eld. put In thorough repair. $1«-V
Heine, large style. slightly used. $.K».
Squares: Blurnfleld Otis, $12: Weber. $si:
Stoddard. $23; Stedman. $85. Rents $2 up.
apply on purchase; Installments. $4 up.
HEINE PIANO CO.. 2S5-237 Geary ft.; Oak-
land branch. 15th and Broadway, old P. O.
bldg. Largest exclusive wholesale and retail
piano dealers of the West.
; THIS AD IS OUR GREATEST EXPENSE.
! We pay no rent, as we own tbe building. ,
f Tbe only reason we advertise la to let yo-a 1
! know we rent the best piano tn the city for i><U
i per month. Novr we can sell you one just th«
j seme. Our expenses are so very much less
i than other firms, why not Investigate our prlc?*
t and compare cotes? Invest 5c carfare and sav*
from $75 to $150 on a piano. SCOTT-CURT \Z
PIANO CO.. 560-62-64 Hayes st
WE do not advise the purchase of cheap ptaco*.
as they are seldom satisfactory, but w» tiav*
pianos at a medium price that can be guar-
anteed to please the most critical. Our beit
sellers are the Behr Bros.. Baumelstsr and
Scbutert. THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIJ
CO.. 7C0 Market st.
A FINE let of second-band uprights from SZt
up. Including such makes as Chlckertng.
Voae. Kro^ger. Curtaz. Klrkham. Pen*-.
Haniman. Marshall & Wendell. Baus an t
others. BKNJ. CURTAZ A SON. 18 OFar-
xell st. No branches In San Francisco^
BAND instruments; F. Besson. Paris, maker;
Gus Maiwald, Agt. Pac. Coast. 273 O'Farreil;
skillful repairing: 2d-hand instruments sold.
BEAUTIFUL 3-pedal Steinway upright piano;
perfect order; sacrifice. Keefte'»,2S>5 O'Farrel!
A RARE chance: a Hornung Bros." upright:
little used; must be sold. 21C McAllister st.
RARE chance: cash or payments: elegant h'.s*
trade upright. 18 McAllister st.
Unredeemed storage pianos and furniture dirt
cheap. Whltehead's Storage. 163a Market at.
SOHMER, Byron Mausy ptancs. Ceclltan piano
player. BYRON MAUZT. 30S-312 Post st
SUPERIOR violin* xithers. eld and new. .1
MULLFTS. maker, repairer 2 7.at*iam nU~*v
OFFICE}* AM) STOKES TO LET.
FOR rent — Large office (over 1000 square feet>
in prominent building on Market st. : modern
In every particular: wili sacrifice to rent at
once. Room 1024 Hayward building.
FINE front office to let In the Wiley B. Allen
building, 'Ml Market st.
6TORE with large basement: below Kesrny .
St.: rent S.10. Arrlv 63« Clay »t.. room 1. -^^
PIAXOS AXD _ ORGANS.
PART of our list of bargain* In second-hand
pianos for September, 1903:
OrtstoaJ
Price. Now.
2 BARNES & SON— .
Walnut cases, large size, colonial
style, thr-e pedals. 7 1-3 octaves.
equal to new $350 $273
1 KMEKSON—
Walnut case. cabinet grand,
carved panels. 7 1-3 octaves, three
pida's, in fine condition, slightly
used 430 273
1 EMERSON—
Flemish oak case, cabinet grand.
very latest design and finish, nearly
new 420 380
1 SOHMER —
Mahogany case, medium size, full
swinging desk. 7 1-3 octaves, thor-
oughly renovated and equal to new. 500 323
1 WEBER—
Rosewood case, fancy carved,
largest size. 7 1-3 octaves, in ex-
cellent ccnditlon eSA 2=3
1 Bradbury-
Rosewood case, large size. 7 1-3
octaves, thoroughly renovated and
e<rnal to new BOO S30
¦ Red oak case, cabinet grand.
7 1-3 octaves, thoroughly renova-
,ted and equal to new 500 335
Complete list furnished on application at our
store. SHERMAN. CLAY A CO..
Comer Kearny and Sutter sts.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEOX*.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence*
1C21U Market st.. bet. eta and 7th; particu-
lar attention Dald to diseaaea of women.
BLOOD skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073% Market st.
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, k
treats all disease* of the human body: f(Kl
past four years at 115-117 Mason: now i<^%
eated at 667 Geary at., near Leav«nworth-
DR. TONO PO CHY. successor to Dr. U Po
Tal. herb doctor, cures all diseases of hsmaa
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor— An dis-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. TW-3 QJtJ tU
THE j^CAIIi
JOHM P. SPBECJDGI.S, Proprietor.
Iflfires Ccemiicatioiis to IOHK KcKAOGHT, Manager
TELEPHONE.
Afk for THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
nect You With the Department You Wish.
Publication Office Market and Third. 8. F.
Editorial Rooms 217 to 221 Stevenson st.
Del!ver*d by Carriers. 20 Cts. Per Week. 75
Cts. Per Month. Single Copies S Onts.
Terms by Mail. Including Postage <Cash With
Order) : . ma _
DAILY CALL/includ. Sunday). 1 year.. .$8.00
DAILY CALL cinclud. Sunday), 6 mos... 4.00
DAILY CALL —By Single Month "3e
fcUNDAY CALL. 1 Year 2.50
WEEKLY CALL. 1 Year I- 00
FOREIGN jfe£»iS Ser SS ISra
POSTAGE. (.weekly.. 1.00 Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Caaipl* Copies will be forwarded when re-
Quested.
Mall wub*crlbers In ordertnr change of «d-
drep* rhould be particular to give both NEW
AND OLD ADDRESS !n order to Insure a
prompt and correct compliance with the\f re-
quest.
OAKLAND OFFICE.
HIS Broadway Telephone Mala 1063.
BERKELEY OFFICE. _
21 45 Center Street Telephone North 77
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
MORTON E. CRANE 1406 G Street. >>. W.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano. 81
Cnirn Square; Murray Hill Hotel; Flftn-ave-
rue Hotel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House; P. O. News Co.; Great
Northern Hotel: Trernont House; Auditorium
Hotel; Palrrer House. -^
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KROGNESS....Marquette Build g
(Long Distance Telephone. "Central 2619.' )
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
627 Montgomery etreet. corner Clay; open un-
til 9:20 t). m. • |
200 Have* street; open until 8:30 p. m.
KO McAllister street: open until 9:30 p. m.
615 Larkin street; cpen until 9:30 p. m.
3V4I MtFsion street: open until 10 p. m.
22H Market street, corner Sixteenth: open
unti' 'J d. rr.
Iff- Eleventh etreet; open until 9 p. m.
10f>6 Valencia street: open until 8 p. m.
Ncrfheaet corner Church and Duncan streets;
open until 8 D. m.
Northwest comer of Twenty-seccnd and
Kentucky etreet*; open until 9 p. m.
2?Q" FIHroore ftreet; cpen ur.til 0 P- ra.
HELP WANTED — MALE—Coiitlnned.
A™MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
Phone Main SMS.
Leading^ Employment and Labor Agents.'
uhv> Wo Rave 1903 We'll Give
isWO Men Work. 60,000 Men Work.
ARIZONA .„,„."¦„.
OREGOV • ' NEVADA.
Southern Pacific and Santa Fe systems; fre«
pass
On Every Train.
Section hands. muckers. drillers. extra
gangs, teamsters, hammersmen.
Stables. Farms. Orchards 1^-,,. M .
Farm and orchard hands. $30. $35. $40 fd..
milkers. |30 to $50 found.
Stablemen city and country Jobs. ?30 to $60.
365 woodchoppera. tlemaker9 .
COOKS. WAITERS. P^I, EK n S j
Cooks, hotels, restaurants, camps. ™' ne * a r nd
ranches, city and country. $30 to $.0 found.
Walters, city and country $25 to $la f°" nd -
Butchers, different jobs. $40 to «9O found.
LOCATED EVERYWHERE
Laborers and teamsters, city and country,
many In San Francisco. $- 25.
6 slack coopers. 9c; 5 cabinetmakers
Cook and wife, country hotel, fare paid. $..>.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and «3S Clay st.
DIAMOND $75 4-horse * ea . mst '"'
MATCH $75 You 11 suit.
COMPANY $75 /n '
CO^T YOU $1 THAT S ALL.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 6T.6 Clay st.
ALL FRE^FARE^ gAWMILL COMPAN - T .
2« OI iaborers SS 'you'lf suit. $35 to |S5 found.
26 woodsmen. $50 to $90 found.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and C36 Clay st.
CARPENTERS. ,,, ,, A _
55 carcenters to build large sawmill. $105,
boss at our office to-day.
16 carpenters, flume work. $75.
6 carpenters, lumber company, $.1 day found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-630 Clar St.
Oregon! coal miners. fr S^
coal miners. oregon. fare
MURRAY & READY. K34-636 Clay at.
'" —SPECIAL.—
Man and wife, ranch, Solano Co., $50 fd.
Foreman dairyman, wife cook.
Baker's helper, 10c fare. $30 fd.
Grocery clerk, $C0.
Ohoreman, private family. $25 fd.
Gardfner. vegetable* and flowers, $40.
2 cooks, same hotel, country, $80.
2 line pullers, L. Co. north. $40 fd.
Carman, mine, SCO; rlpsawyer, $2.
MURRAY & READY. C3J-636 Clay st.
WHY pay big prices to have your shoes half-
roled when you can get It done for 25c. 30o
and t'Oc. while ycu wait at 563 Mission St.,
bet. l»t and 2d sts.. or 11 Third st.?
PENSION ATTY. M. HARRIS. 40 Ellis st. ; 14
years' practice; refererces from thousands of
persons for whom I have secured pensions.
; SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S. 26 Bteuart at.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms. 35c night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
ALL sizes men's shoe*, slightly damaged, half
price. 863 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sta.
GET your 'hoes half soled while watting; 23o
to rfr. r^n Mi«»lnn ft-, bet. 1st and 2d sts.
HORSES AM) WAGONS.
FOR tale — One mule, about 0CO lbs; works sin-
gle and double: good pack animal. At ROB.
ERTS'. 1615 Market at.
BIG auction sale every Tuesday of horses,
wagons, buggies, carts and harness. 11 a. rn.,
at 1H0 Folsom st.
HARNESS and saddles! the best for the money,
at JEPSEN BROS. CO.. Inc.. the big store,
1145-J 147 Market st.. San Francisco.
HORSE .$25: read cart $15; Mexican saddle.
$7 SO; laundry wagon. $50. 73 City Hall ave.
FOR sale — Fine carriage team; will sell slngla
or both. Phone Fell 7518.
MUST be sold at a sacrifice; 5 good horses. 327
Sixth st.
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping wagon,
and gorart for sale cheap. S32 Mlssicn si. >
Largest assortmt 2-hand wagons. buckb'd. sur-
re'-.hMrn*-*. work. driving hf»r"»s. 1.1th- Valencia
HOVSKS TO LET.
A — PRINTED list of houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBsEN £ CO.. 14 Montgomery
A — HOUSES nnd flats to let; an Immense list;
(ervtce absolutely free; tako advantage of
this department: It will save- you r'-ie and
trouble. Ccrdes Furniture Co.. 24S-V tJeary
ft., on ih« square.
JACKSON, 2931, near Eroderlck— 5 rooms.bath:
large garden front and rear: rent $27 50.
BF.FOHE movir.c get our printed list of houte*
t* l»t. BALDWIN k HOWELL. 25 Post st.
LOST AXD FOUXD.
LOST — English setter dcg. black ears, black
ticks on white body; leather collar with "F.
C. Schernstc-in. San Rafael." stamped or.
plate. Return to F. C. SCHERNSTEIN, 223
Fremont St., or San Rafael; reward.
LOST — A pass book with the Hibernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco In the
name of SAMUEL MEISTER. No. 172-990.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST — Child's gold chain, slide and locket;
monogram D. N. ; reward; prized account
gift from deceased uncle. 1S08 Dupont st.
I LOST — A silver watch chain. "Return to 40
Zoe st. Reward.
LOST — Two plumes, black ana white, either on
Hayes or Market st. Call 413. Hayes st.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the California
Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter St.. reeds old
gold and sliver to make new watch cases.
MEDICAL.
MRS DR. WYETH. specialist for all remale
complaints: instant relief, guaranteed; M
; years' experience: removed to S26 Post at.
! MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and Irregularities; Instant re-,
lief guaranteed. 100SH Market st.. opp. Ota,
VALPEAU'S female pills; best regulating pills
sild, price $2 50 by express. Pasteur's
syringe and tablets; pV'ce $2 30. By express
only on receipt of price. OSGOOD BROTH-
ERS, wholesale druggists. Seventh - and
Broadway. Oakland.
DR. G. VT. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
In trouble consult this specialist on femaU ,
complaints: positively corrected: the unfor- '¦
lunate helped; the most difficult cases treat- ¦
»d: advice free. Office. 101* Market st.
MRS. V. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladles'
cpeciallst; a private home before and daring
confinement; best medical care; low fee*.
A maternity villa; private: secluded; confiden-
tial. Dr. E. Furke. 1416 Eighth St.. Alameda.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS:
original method of treatment. 1126 Market ts.
DR. ROSEN resides 2995 Folsom St.. cor. 26th;
ladles, relief or no fee: $10.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 319 Powell St.. opposite
Union TQi:ar»: all dl?»«ses cured by herbs.
MILLIXEItV.
LADIES — 200 stylish bats to select from; lease
rold must vacate February 1. 1904: saT«
money by calling on MME. PO3CH. 207 Post.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOH SALE}.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN*
TOSH fc WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont at.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair It with elatertte: in rolls eaay to 1»»;
needs no painting or coating; good over old
Iron, tin or shingles; best for new roofs.
ELATER1TE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st
BANKRUPT sale — Stock of Jewelry and no-
tions belonging to estate of Ely Stern Co., a
bankrupt, will be sold October 31. 100T», at
11 o'clock. For further particulars and In-'
ventory call at room 425. Rlalto building.
ZD-HAND machinery, boilers, engines, pumps,
pulleys, . shafting, etc.. etc," bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday paper*.
H 8. WHITE M'CH'Y CO.. 130-1S2 Feale st. '
A— Fine suits, $7 00: dress pants. $3 SO. Orlfl-
nal Misfit Clothing Parlors. 23S Kearny st..
near Bush: open to 9 p. m. Sunday to room.
A— $3 SO DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 73. Pop-
- ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. n«ar
Pine; open till 9 p. rn. Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS.' eella or rents gear machinery, no-
Clnes boilers water pipe, shafting, pulley*,
etc WHITKLAW. 253-255 Spear at.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair:
f cot-form shoes at $2 B0; we par express
I charges. 11 3d et.. Exam, bid.; catalog, tree.
1 A — 12-HORSEPOWER steam engine: horizon-
tal; $85. S. D. BURNS. 313 Bush St.
SAVE money— Buy brushes and feather dust-
ers at Atlantic Brush Co.'s. 322 Bush st.
I A VERY fine diamond over 3 karats foe $303
1 at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
3. >: AND 10 hp. gasoline engines; 2d-haad; »»\
fixes, new. E. B. BECK * CO.. 123 Market.
NEW and second hand machinery of all kind*.
I KROGH MNFQ CO.. 610 Market at.
1 EAFES — New and second-hand. THE H3R-
J MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento rt.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
< - bargains. Bulls rd A Breck. 131 Post st.
MILES of pipe and fittings: all sixes. ETJ-
GENE R1LET * SONS. 100 Vtllejo rt. .
DRESSMAKIEJMANIDSEA^ISTRESSES
MCDOWELL Dressmaking and Milliner/ School
—Any pattern cut to measure. 1019 Market.
ACCORDION, sunburst & knife plaiting. Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory, 110 Taylor.
I ED^AT^yAXM, '
THE San Francisco Young Men's Christian As-
sociation conducts a night school for men, an
engineering school, an evening law school, a
working boys' night school and a day business
and academic school. Students have gymnas-
ium and other privileges. Apply, at Y. M. C.
A. building. Mason and Ellis 6ts.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24. POST, G.
F.— Bookkeeping shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy. English branches; day
and night sessions; illustrated catalogue free.
illNMANS Academy; a thorough school of
dancing; established 20 years. 1412 Polk St..
between Pine and California; both adult and
children's classes are now open for the season.
AYRES. the leading business college. 723 Mar-
ket nt. ; special summer couree In all depart,
mente; handoome catalogue free; life scholar-
\ ship. $50; day and evening sessions.
CALIFORNIA Business College, 305 Larkin st.
"A thorough school"; positions secured for
graduates; modern methods; Individual In-
struction. Write for illustrated catalogue.
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for the university, law and medical colleges;
rcf.. President Jordan or any Stanford profes-
sor; day and evening sessions. Phel»n bldg.
A— SAN FRANCISCO Business College, 1236
Market et. — Practical, progressive, ; reliable;
dcy and evening sessions; write for catalogue.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday. Sun-
day evgs., Teutonia Hall. Howard st., nr.
Bth, Prof. Foster; society dancing taught.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec. mln.. mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. ISfM. Van
der Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
I A GENTLEMAN teaches privately young men
I and women whose education has been neg-
lected; also foreigners; Call or add. 719 Post.
HEALD'S School of Mines & Electricity. 24 Post
et., S. F. ; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
SPANISH.French.etc.Prof.DeFillppe'B Academy
of Languages, 320 Post; estab'd.lS71:ablest profs
GOLDEN Gate Com'l College, 530 Golden Gute
ave.; full business course; day and evening.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day Rr.d
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine st Night class.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing.
etc.; day or eve.; <5 mo. 1024 Mlsslon.nr. Cth.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in th*
United States or Canada one yesr for II.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
GEORGE AOKI. 421 Post st.; tel. Bush 135—
Japanese-Chinese employment office; fur-
nishes best help; contracts for farm help. etc.
k A — ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanrse-
' Chinese help. 426 Powell. Tel. Main 0752.
A — GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office. 415
Stockton; tel. Grant IPS: expert, reliable help.
IF you want Japanese help, advertise ' In The
New World, Japanese dally paper. 333 Geary.
CHINESE Employment .Office — Best help at
Leon Seung's. 411 H O'Farrell: tel. East 42&
! RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice .•allklndshelp^_815StocktonjMaln6188^
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1097. BRADLEY & CO.. B40 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED FEMALE, j
A STRONG Swedish girl wishes work by the
day. Tel. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter et.
RESPECTABLE woman, good cook, will do
some washing in private American family:
will go a short ways in the country; kind to
children; with ref. 7f>4 Folsom St.. nr. 4th.
A NEAT, reliable American woman wishes
working hou««keeping position or cook for
men; no objection to country. Address
Housekeeper. 278 Turk st.
AMERICAN woman wants work by the day:
is willing: guarantee satisfaction; carpet 1
cleaning a specialty; fine laundress: $1 25
day. 174 Fourth st. ; one flight, room 10.
A YOUNG German gjrl would like to help in
kitchen and do housework. Please call at
31% Zoe St., bet. 3d and 4th, off Bryant.
POSITION as houaekeeper; references. Box
47<T-\ Call.
COMPANION to sick lady or gentleman; nurse;
references. Box 772, Call.
HOUSEKEEPER to young couple; references.
Box 4490, CalK
i AS assistant in doctor's office; references. Box
i 2C00. Call. >
I WANTED — By lady, situation in private fam-
i ily as nurse for children, companion or maid.
Address K., New Western Hotel, room 'X.
A LADY of experience wants position as nurse;
wages $30; reference given. Box 70S. Call.
WANT ads and subscrlotions taken for The
Ca!l at Eaton's Bazaar. 0-'!3 McAllister st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements nnd
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
EMPLOYMENT WA2VTED — 3IALE.
A YOUNG man. college education, wants po-
sition: preferably traveling; Al . reference.!.
Cox 773. Call.
BOOKKEEPER wants place; has had 3 years'
experience on mine books;, references. Box
26B1. Call.
SODER, steady man desires position in ware-
house or cs watchman; good references.
A. R.. 14S4 Fifteenth St., San Francisco.
NEAT, sober nnd hustling young man would
like to get effice work of any kind to do.
Address Box 2C57, Call.
EXPERIENCED butler desires position as but-
ler or valet; traveling preferred; speaks sev-
eral languages; city refs. Box 4497, Call.
SITUATION, private place, city or country,
by competent young man. 26. Dane, capable
taking care of fine horsos. garden, and is a
first-class driver; references. Box 750. Call.
YOUNG man. Just arrived from the Klondike,
wishes work afternoons and evenings: a
rustler; handy at anything. Box 759, Call.
PAINTER wants work by the day or any
ether way: has all painting: tools for Inside |
and outside of the house. 713 V4 Minna st.
A MIDDLE-AGED man wants a situation ad
' night vatchnian; :*¦ years' reference. Box
4493. Call office^ j
WANTED — Position as assistant bookkeeper,
phitping or receiving clerk; good cnaracter.
Aodress F.. M. D., box 2t!56. Call office.
MARRIED roan of 32 wishes position in whole-
sale or warehouse; handy with carpenter
tools. Address box 4492. Call office.
SITUATION as gardener and coachman or
man about place; references. Box 4494, Call.
BAKER foreman on bread or bread and cakes;
city or country. Address 213 Natoma st.
WANTED — A position as waiter and house-
work by a Japanese; has references. Box
4199. Call.
FI RST-CLASS Japanese table waiter wants
situation; wages |25 up; best of references.
W. L.. 518 Jessie st. ; $,
WANTKD— To wash steps, water the garden;
Japams*. named George. «10 Pine St.;
I phone Hyde 171. ,
WANTED — A position to help In kitchen by a
good Japanese boy; $10 to ?15 per month.
Address KAI,; 528 Stevenson st.
YOUNG Japanese boy, gentle, honest, wishes
position to do housework and general help in
Hmall family; wages $.1 up a week O
HATANAKA. 317 Mission. '
JAPANESE neat good cook and competent
wishes a position to do any kind of wo-k in
small family.; good references. Address box
767. Call office.
JAPANESE, neat, good cook, wants situation
In private family; wages |30 up. GEORGE
Bo* 2656. Call. '
HONEST Japanese laundryman wants sltua-
tlon; will helo with housework: best of ref-
erences. FRANK YAMAAMOTO, 521 Jessie.
JAPANESE wishes a position as bar porter
M. SAWA. 509 Stockton st.
A GOOD Chinese cook wants position In a
family. N. M., 21 Brenham place.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
FubFcrlptions has been established at 1090
' Valencia, st.
I FINANCIAL. ~~ ~~~ "
4 PER CENT to 6 PER CENT HIGH GRADE
Municipal. School, Railroad and Corporation
Bonds,
Bank and Trust Company Stocks.
Selected for conservative investors. .
Write for Information to
HEAZELTON * CO..
Stock and Bond Brokers,
Hayward Bulldlnx,
Ban Francisco, Cal. .
FURNITURE FOR' SALE.
NICE household goods; suitable to furnish flat
of 5 rooms; in storage 05S Harrison st. Call
0 to. 12 a. m. or 2 to 4 p. m.
A— ELEGANT flat of 8 rooms for sale; cheap.
150 Eddy St.. cor. Taylor. . .
. FURNITURE ! WANTED.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission, phone Red 4482,
buys, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpets.
HIGHEST price for furniture and mdse'.'L.'H.
BURD, auctioneer, 1813 ilkt.jtel.Howanl 2794.
Now don't it Jar you when you see,
As there's no doubt the case will be,
. . ]So answers come to adtets small
In other papers than The Call?
Of course it's sad, but there's a way
To always have your want ads pay.
Give us the ads, for then you know
They will to the right places go.
And answers come in thick and fast.
Through which your wants will soon be past.WASHINGTON.
¦ TACOMA, Oct. 28.— WHEAT— Unchanged:
blue stem, 83c; club. 70c.
PORTLAND. Oct. 28.— WHEAT— Walla Wal
la. 75a; blue stem. 7Sc: valley. 70c. t
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON
The Young Men's Christian Association
has arranged for three exceedingly inter
esting illustrated lectures that will b«
free to the public. Complimentary cards
of admission may be secured at tho as
sociation building. The first will be to
morrow evening at 8 o'clock by James N.
Hatch of Chicago, superintendent of con
struction of the United States public
buildings. Mr. Hatch's subject will b«
?*Iron Ore From Mine to Furnace."
Saturday evening Rev. Charles A. Payn«
of Milwaukee will give a lecture on "The
Yellowstone Park," and on Sunday after
noon at 3 o'clock Mr. Payne will lecture
before the men's meeting in the Audi
torium on "Ancient Rome and the Chris
tian Martyra." The latter will be for men
only. Each lecture will be beautifully il
lustrated by more than 100 , dissolving
views.
Some Interesting Lectures.
St. - Ignatltw * College Hall was • packed
last night, when members of th*e Gentle
men's Sodality'pfesented the fifteenth cen
tury morality; play, ••Everyman. 1 '
. The performance was one which equals
any other of; the presentations given by
the 'very : clever gentlemen who compose
the .'dramatic element of the sodality. It
was a perfectly intelligent Interpretation
of the .unique; work which only lately was
given in this city by, a company of Eng
lish players/ brought specially ' from Eng
land. ,' *-^ffSfRiMKfyfflHflffi a^K^m Wi f
.: The Instrumental music Incidental to
the ' play ' was ' splendidly given ' and the
singing was artistic. There 'will be a rep
etition of the production this evening..
"The following is the cast of characters:
• Messenger, . John Emmet W"siah;. . Death.
Frederick Churchill; Everyman, John Mulre
nla; Fellowship, Joseph Farry; Ctm»(n. • Luke
Flynn;" Kindred, Leo Jones: Goods. George
Vedova: Knowledge... Joseph' .Farry:". Good
Deeds.": Richard , Blake; Discretion.- John Em
met-Walsh; -Confession. Frederick' Churchill:
Strength. Charles Sooy;- Five" Wits.". George
Sevetnlch. ' Angelic * choirs — P. ' O. ' Ke»f«. P.
.McCann, P. O. . Nally, J. Flood, A. Aselo,. N.
O. Connor. ¦ P. . Egan, T. Dunne, F: Murphy and
A. jCoghlan. "
Give an Excellent Performance of the
Quaint Fifteenth Century "Work
"Everyman." '
GENTLEMEN'S SODALITY
. .IK' MOTtATiTTY. PLAY
*..'¦ Market Street '¦ and ; Eureka .Valley. Improve
ment ¦ Company ' (owners) with James- C. Bas
sett f (contractor)."- architect C* S. , McNally — All
work for a 2-story- frame -building on lot com
mencing i at a point 180 N of. Intersection , of
Market , and ? Sixteenth - streets, X B 110 by N
15 : 10 % ; $3265. v -'!|S«M>>W8WWtMs<BW"<CTsfBM
::> Marfiet-Street . Bank " (owners) with " Parcells-
Greenwood ; Company (contractors). -. ; architect
NiJ.-'.Tharo— Vault •, linings, vestibules and
doors for Market-Street Bank on lot on E cor
ner of Market and Seventh ' streets, SE 163 by
NE 50:0%; $8812. ¦ -. ;
¦;< Mrs" Lewis Geratle (Hannah Gerstle). (owner)
wlthiW." F.iWilson Company (contractors), ar
chitects i Henry, H. Meyers and > Clarence •• R."
Ward — Plumbing •; and f sewers, : etc," - for ; a i 2
story, basement * and ¦ attic > frame residence on
lot ¦ on ' NW-'- corner :' of ' Pacific 'and * Flllmore
streets, "W,207.~N 127:8%; W 61:2%, S 127:8%.
E 51:2%:'$2989.\ r - •¦ .-'5"-.: ' » , V , ,
i < Same ;; owner,? (with V Warner Bros. 7 (contrac
tors), "". architects ;,' same— Painting, ¦ polishing,
etc," for same on" same; i $1S9O.\ -
Builders'^ Contracts.
and Josephine Ehllnger lot on B line of Har
rison street, 125 K of Eighteenth. ¦ N 25 by E
.124:8; flO..' - " •
Olivet Presbyterian Society to James Dickie,
lot on W line of Mississippi street, 142 N. of
Twentieth, NC8. W 111:9%. SW 61:0. B 133;
•2500 ¦ ¦ •
Mary L., Swain and Amelia G.' Webber (wife
A. A.) to J. P. Painter Company (corporation),
' lot on ' W line of ' Kentucky street, 200 N of
Army, N 60 by W 200:* $10.
. J. B. Painter Company to William H. Taylor
Jr.. same: $ 10. V. v- •
j Frank W. and Emms, A. Fuller to Ezeklel
W. and Sadie A. Davles, lot on N line of Lake
street, 57:6 E of Twenty-second avenue, E 25
by N 100: $10. : • '
Elizabeth M. and Thomas A. Cox to Isaiah
B. Arkwrlght, lot on S line of California street,
46:10 E of Second avenue, E 23:6, 8 61:2 15-96,
W 22:11 1-3," N 60:0 4-96; $10. ;
;H. B. and Laura A. Plnney to Clara S. Foltx,
lot on E line- of Second avenue, 140 S of C
street, S 85 by E U6; $10. ¦ ?. .
Elizabeth Jones and Maria Turner to Major
Turner, lot on W line of Thirty-eighth avenue.
358:9 8 of R street, N 83:9. W 120, 8 25:9, E
120:9; $1. . . ¦ v v '
-., Major Turner to Maria Turner, same; $20.
Susie 'Hombach to Venice Tremaln. lot on B
line of Twenty-ninth avsnue, S00 S of R street,
8 24 by E 120; $10.: . - . . ,
Estate Agatha Mlbach (by Agatha T. Mlbach,
executrix) to; Jean E. Fuchs, lot on NW line
of Corbett road, 254:6 SW of Eighteenth street,
SW 60, NW 1TO, NB 60, SE 100, lots 10 and 11.
block 5. subdivision . 1, Mountain 8pring prop
erty; $2000. , . , ; . •
PORT GAMBLE — Arrived Oct 28 — Scar Ida
Schnauer, hence Oct IS; Br ship Claverdon,
from Port Ludlow.
¦Fr ship Jules Gommes, Baudry, 158 days
from Swansea. . [
- Wednesday, October 23.
Stmr Brunswick, Johnson, Fort Brags.
' Stmr NOyo, EMefsen, Fort Bragg. .
' DOMESTIC PORT.
Late Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday, October 28.
Among those* requested to appear be
fore the Investigating officer, were O. G.
Hooper and Q..E. Spence, guests of the
Occidental Hotel; Lieutenant Eugene
Crowley. and several other guests and em
ployes of the Occidental, who had seen
Captain Cochran immediately before his
arrest Tuesday night.. The further the
inquiry progressed the stronger became
the : evidence that Captain . Cochran had
been unjustly treated by the special 'offi
cer who placed him under. arrest within
a stone's throw of his apartments' at the
hotel. While It is not denied that the
captain had been imbibing freely -during
the evening,' the statements of witnesses
go to show that be was not in a* condi
tion that would warrant his arrest, and
this" seem* to.be) the. view of the case
taken both by the police and the military
authorities.' . - ¦ t - ¦ •
Captain "William P." Johnston/acting in
spector . general for the I>epartment of
California, yesterday quietly instituted an
Inquiry into the arrest on the' ' previous
night, of Captain Percy M. Cocnran of
the Seventeenth Infantry on a charge of
drunkenness. .- -
Arr«st of an Army : Officer Falls
Under Attention of Inspector
General.
INQTTERES INTO CASE ,
OF CAPTAIN COCHRAN
C. S. Ewlng to eame, same* gift
Lulu M. Jaeger, H, B. and Charles -W. Pres
ton to George D. Shadburne Jr., lot commencing
950:4 W, of Douglass and 304:01^ S ?ot : Eight- ¦
eenth^ street., SB 99:11%. SW, 25. NW 00 -7. SE
George D. Shadburne Jr. to Sophia R Stock
man, same; S10. . -•
Frank N. I and Eliza Hayman to Andrew
Chevrier. lots 355 and 350, Gift Map 3- $"o
Odd. Fellows' Cemetery Association to FJlza
Little. l»t in cemetery; $160. * a
Estate of Charlotte Windhaus (by ' Joserh
Wannenmacher, administrator) to A • D Cor
vill. lot on W line of Franklin street, ' 80 N
of McAllister. N 40 by W 70; $8750.
Unity J. and James I. Logan to Horace V
R.Logan, lot.on-W line of Franklin street'
84 N'of Fulton, N 16 by W 83, quitclaim deed;
, Edward, DeleanI or Dileane to Frank T Mc-
Sheehy.- lot. on W line of Octavia street 75
S of Union. S 81 by W 72: $10. ™ ,'
City and County of San Francisco' to Emily
H. Moore, lot on N line of Vallejo street 50
E of Webster. E 87:6 by N 187:6; $- .
Unity J. and James I, Logan to Wllburn
H. and Horace V. R. Logan, lot on KB corner
of Oak and Btelner streets. B 85 by, N 100;
• City and County of Ban Francisco to Edward
D. Swift, lot on W line of Bteiner street 121
N of Butter, N 25 by W 110; $—^-. '*.
William J. and Rachel G. Gerrard to F G
Elckhorst, lot on N line of Union street 62-fl
W of Pierce. W 25 by N- 110; $10. - , ' /~
Abraham' Bcheler to Annie Scheler.'lot on S
line of Washington ' street. 100:3 E of Baker
B 25 by 8,127:814; gift. -tauter,
Georglana M. and William F. Perkins to
Henry F.'Dutton, lot on N Un*.«f Washington
street. 11B E of Locust. E 50 by N 127:8% -$10
Robert • A.. Vincent. Eustace. Cecil t'j., Alice
M. and Isabella , Bellman and Jessie Gallagher
(Bellman) to Margaret Bellman, lot on N line
of Thirteenth street," 80 E of Valencia, E 60,
by N 75; also lot on E line of Tennessee street
245:4 S of Twenty-second. S 50:i;~SE '0:5U E
191:8«l. l N 25. WilOO. 1 N-29.67. W 100; aliiolot
en NE' line 'of Twenty-Mcond avenue, 75 SE
of I street. SE 150 by . NE' 100/ block 425 Bay
View Homestead: sift. •, .
Robert JIawxhurst vs. George F. Kahler
et »>1. .to. Francis X. Mettman, lot on .E line
of Guerrero street, j 175 N of Thirteenth ¦ N • 25
by B 80: $4760.: - .
Carl ' J. E. : and . OUvia • Haterlus to Swedish
Evangelical -IiUthPran:'Ebenezer Church," lot on
SW corner of Fifteenth" and Dolores streets' S
41,-W 6fi:0%, 8 1;8. W 14:1%, s 7:6 *'w
14:1O.N B0:2.?E 05; $5000. ' ' .' "
; Mary MoGrath to Thomas, P. -Doyle k lot on
N, line of Twenty-fourth street, 75 E- of Guer
rero., E 25 by N. 87:6: $10. \ - . w
Joseph , and r Maria Canepa to Antonio Busa
lacchl. lot on N line of : Chestnut street '45 :7U
B of Mason.. B 22:4%ibyN 68:9; $10.' .
A. • P.; Glanninl ¦; Company; (corporation) . to
"Louis and 'Amelia An Kuebler, lot on W . line
of ..Taylor street. 60 S of- Clay,'- 8 18:4% by W
so; $10 .' . • ¦'"- ¦.-:¦¦: f,:- ¦ •..-,¦ .«...-..;.
.--•; John Brlekell Company - to : Isaac ' and ; An
gusta Bellinger. , lot on:9 line of Paclflo street.'
25 Eof . Leavenworth. 1 : B 25 by B 68:9: $10 ¦
•¦ Sarah A: Flinn to John W. FIInn.Mot oniN
line of. Bush street; 85 W. of Jones. W 27:6 by
N*7O:'tio.r- ¦.:".:.-¦: V— -i- '•;;¦• •i.-.v.'^i,".' -.-•:*«
:¦¦: Mary , C. • Maesey • to ; Louis Levin, lot • on N
line "of •California' street. 100 E of :Larkln B
87:9. by ;N '137:6; $10: / .s- •¦>- =-: : : »-;. - '¦
I vW^F.vand Georglana M. Perkins to'B.-,Hen
dprson,'- lot' On N.W line ' of ¦ Mission street 275
NE of Fourth.^ NE 30 by ( NW, 160;;$10.. '
, United .Realty Company ;to same; same; $10
; ' Mary R./Lt-ibertx (Cavanagh) " to* Jessie ; J.r
Julia' E.r and .George ; H. Cavanagh.' lot, on SE
Mne of Stevpnson: street,'; 200 SW- of Fifth SW
25'by;SE,7«;=$7r>0 -:-. v . .' .
- John T.J Cavanagh* to same, 'v same; $10
¦ ' American « Surety ' Company ¦ of : New .York • to
Sok»mon. - A. -Kusel.' lot' on SB line of; Shipley
Strpet.,475 SW'of Fifth, SW25 by SB .75: $10.'
i.7 Solomon '¦ A'. ; Kusel , to. .Thomas > W. : and-' Chris
topher* C.^l Rivers*. same;* $10.*; ; ' . . * :
Thomas and Bridget 'A. v ; Cusack : to ¦ Charles
Frank and Helena A. Wells to Mllo J. Gll-
Iett, lot on "W" line of San Bruno avenue *75 S
of Woolsey street. S 50 by W 120: $10*
s 6 t°ea b d y A^&SiE 0 * 11 - «-«^^?.
, Edith Grlbble to Alonzo C. Grlbble. lot on
B line of CtorUand street. 60 W of Benninirton
W 25 by S 100.: lot 12, block 6. ll
divisions of Holly Park; gift. *>"r» »uo
R^ A. and Ellie Vance to Stasia Ewlng (wifo
of C. 8.), lot on S line of Aldlne street 180-0
E of North AVillard, 8 124 to land described in
637 D 183. NW along said land to NW comi?
of said land, 'SW 5:4, W 18:10, N 125. E 20:3;
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Committee on arrangements— Sergeant J.
RUey (chairman). Privates Robert ' L.
Er.nls, W. H. Dusenberry, J. Mllsner, C. M.
Ridgeway. I Floor manager; Private Charles C.
Dusenberry; assistants — Corporal M. J. Duffy,
Sergeant John Murphy. Floor committee —
Bergeant J. Brady. Sergeant E. J. Dougherty/
Musician W. Williams, Private J. McCune.
. Captain : George F. Balllnger and Lieu
tenant F. Bertrand, officers in command;
were untiring in their k attention to the
guests and were ably ¦ seconded by the
following committees: ;^^y~ £*,\£z
Company -A, First Regiment, N"..G. C,
gave its eighth military ball at Elntracht
Hall last night. There was a large party
of friends -of the company ¦ and dancing
•was enjoyed until early morning. Officers
and men were In uniform and the ladies
were In every Instance handsomely
gowned. ;
Company A, First Regiment, N. G.
C, Arranges a Most Enjoyable
Entertainment.
SOLDIER BOYS GIVE DANCE
: * TO NOTffEBOUS FBIENDS
Executive committee — John L. Herget. chair
man; John T. Gibson, secretary;' M. C. Mor
gensen, treasurer; Ed. Murphy, Charles Stew
art, Louis . Chester, E. Barren. C. Coakley, A.
McAllister, J. F. Dillon, J, Mertlne, W. Faffy,
J. Manning. John Casstdy, R. A. Flsk. Jesse
Marks, F. Plagemann, H. H. Vanker, W. Cadl
gan, T. J. Keeney, Dr. Klngwell. C. Hatch,
George Green, Henry Meyer, Frank. Shannon.
J. J. Smith. C. Schoettle, R. Battersby, ¦ T.
Hawkins. H.. P. Sessler. M. Cbapetel J. Gar
rity, J. H.- Hessler, J. Ullom. J. E. Ferris V
Matrala, J. C. Wunder, R. P. Troy, W. Hat
man, Al. Learn. S. Kllskey. J. Barr, Joseph
Kavanah, Dave Barron, A. Levin.
Honorary committee — Governor George C.
Pardee, Henry J. Crocker. Hon. Franklin K.
Lane. Hon. E. E. Schmltx, J. B. McDougaid.
Oscar Hocks, Dr. T. H. Morris, George Alpera,
John Lynch. Judge George H. Cabanlse. J.
Fred Plagemann. W. W. Shannon. Joseph Fox,
Judge Charles T. Conlan, Hon.. John Hunt,
Charles J. Nagle, James F. Cheatham, Gus
Pohlman, R. P. Troy, Steve J. Costello. -Wil
liam Morrison, John Leary, D. I. Mahoney, Ed.
Algeltinger, A. Repsold, Captain John Martin,
Jesse Marks, M. J. Hynes, Ed. Godchaux.
Harry Baehr, Chief of Police George W. W1U
man. Ed. W. Smith, Dr. J. F. Dillon. Fred N.
Bent, Fred Eggers, William Barton. Judge E.
P. Mogan, Ed. Rock, Archie Campbell, Judge
A. J. Frltr, Judge. J. J. Van Nostrand, Harry
Mulcreavy, Ed. L. Head, E. L. Wagner, Frank
Maestrettl, Frank Gould. Ben. F. Hanlon, Wil
liam Douglas, Dr. Louis D. Baciagalupl, G:
Iaccheri, ,Luke Marish, John Heeney, Thomas
Finn, William Broderlcfc, Henry Wreden.
All the members of Golden Gate Aerie
of Eagles are looking forward with much
pleasure to their annual ball, which will
take place . at Mechanics' Pavilion to
morrow night. The yearly dances under
the auspices of the Kagles are ' always
Important functions, but this one prom
ises to be the smartest ever held under
their charge.
The prooeeds of the ball will be devoted
to outfitting a new drum corps of thirty
pieces. The new corps will be one of the
best in the country and the local Bagles
are doing all they can to bring it Into
prominence. ¦ Chairman John Hcrget, in
charge of the arrangements for the ball,
states that everything Is in readiness.
The . following committees will be In
charge : f
Committees on arrangements: Printing —
Theo. Lunstedt, - chairman; J. L. - Herget,
Dr. < T. B. "W. Leland. Finance — M. C.
Morgensen, chairman; D. P. Regan, E. L. "Wad
ham, Sig. Levy, M. J. Daly. Joseph King Jr.,
Dr. F. Fltzglbbons, J. E. McDougald. Music —
M. J. Daly, chairman; John Bromberger. Ed,
McGreevy. Floor — Dr. T. B. W. Leland, floor
manager; M. W. Coffey, Harry II In ton, Theo.
Lunstedt, E. . E. Kelly. C. J. Stewart. Recep
tion—John T. Glbsoa, chairman, and the execu
tive committee. « 'Press — J. . L. Herget, chair
man; Ed. Murphy, Frank Shannon, H. P.
gessler. $s&apf"p«S"}gasi
Golden Gate Aerie Making Arrange
ments for Big Event To-Morrow
Night. »
EAGLES ANNUAL BALL
TO BE SWELL FUNCTION
SANTA CLARA, Oct. 23.— Observations
at Santa Clara College this morning by
Rev. Jerome Ricard, S. J., professor of
astronomy,' have revealed the sun spot re
ported In The Call of October 15. Since
that time the sun has completed half a
revolution,, bringing the spots again into
view on the opposite edge of the sun's
disk. Professor Ricard In talking of. the
discovery this evening said: .
¦ "The large sun spot that disappeared on
the 14th inst. at thV> eastern edge of the
sun's limb at 10:30 a. m. has just reap
peared on the opposite side of the photo
sphere. There can be little doubt that
this new sun spot is the same as the old
one. If we judge from the present 'con
figuration as compared with the one It
had at the time of disappearance, only the
Intensely black markings at the south
end have filled up and developed Into
what may be called a new spot, and the
protuberance at the north end has grown
a bushy tall, with a rather faint spot at
Its extremity. The reappearance of this
triple sun spot was announced for twen
ty-seven days - and six hours after the
time of disappearance, 1. e.', at the end of
this period it would again appear at the
same meridian, this on the assumption
that the regular order of such phenomena
was followed. Therefore In half that time,
when the sun had completed a semi-revo
lutloa around its own. axis, the spot would
again be visible at the opposite edge. The
fact seemes to have corresponded exactly
with the. prediction."* ¦ \
The officers of th'e association are: F.
A. "Webster, president; M. M. Morrison,
vice president: F. G. Schumacher, direc
tor; "D. F. Mullender, secretary; H. G.
Vaughan, treasurer; O. F. Kelly,- ser
geant at arms. % •¦
Reception — George L. Wllcox (chairman),
George Habenlcht, H. O. Vaughan. T. P. An
drews, J. ¦ G. Hucks, Jacob Fowzer, G. H.-
Knight. B. Blauert.. Paul Lotz, Charles John
son, R. P. Whtgham. C. J. Wall. W. E. Smlth.'
J. C. Rawnussen, J. M. Lenz, P. F. Dana.
D. • Bewell, Arnold Genthe, Fred V. Adams. ,
Press — Carl E. Ackerman (chairman), George
W. Haley, T. C. Murray. G. J. Fowzer. O. F.
Lussler, Geonre W Robinson, . A. C. Plllsbury;
Souvenir programme . and annual — Dave F.
Mullender.
Eunday — 10:80 m m. — Baseball, photograph
ers vs. manufacturers. . 2 p. ro. — Drive through
Golden Gate Park to Ocean Beach and Cliff
House; homeward bound. ... • ¦ - • . ;_.-,
The . committees in charge of the con
vention are: .'¦
Convention committee — O. H. Boye (chair
roan), Louis Thora, I. W. Taber, "Will Lus
ster. L. F. Terkelson. H. W. Oliver. E. L.
Bowman. . . • •-
Entertainment: L. D. Hicks, chairman.
Baseball — F." D. Burlelgh. S. Cohn, R. A. Tow
ers. Theater 1 — I* F. .Terkelson, Ira H. Latour.
Banquet — O. H.' Boye, " J. F. Bertrand, L. D.
Hicks. Excursion — Will Lussler, G. F. Kelly.
Saturday — ft a. m. — Demonstration on de
fender papers. 10 a. m. — Art lecture and criti
cism picture*, by John M. Gamble. 11 a. m. —
Demonstration of poslngr and lighting under the
skylight.; • 2 p. m. — Practical talks by \proml
nent photographers. 8 p. m. — Question box.
6:30 p. m. — Banquet. 8 p. mi — Publio exhibi
tion.
Friday— The photographlo studios will . be
closed all day. 9 a. m. — Demonstration on
American arlsto paper, by Ira H. . Latour.- ' U
a. m. — Rotograph- bromide demonstration, ' by
M. H.\Kuhn. . 1 p. m. — Excursion on the bay.
8 p. m.— Theater party. 8 p. m.— Publio ex
hibition.
.Every photographer will be. given a
chance ,to show his •wrork. There will be
a concert each night.' r
The - public is invited to attend each
evening. There la no charge whatever
connected with the exhibit and it is a
rare chance to Bee the finest pictures that
modern photography has produced.
During the three days of the convention
there will be demonstrations for the mem
bers of the association by local photo
graphers and others of prominence from
all over the United States; also some from
Europe.'
The affair promises to be a grand suc
cess.' . A beautiful souvenir *; programme
has been got ' up and contains some
very fine works of . photographic art. ,
The programmes ¦ for^ the- various days
are as follows:
, Thursday, . October 29— © a. m. — Inspection
of exhibits. 10:30 a. . m. — Opening, of the
convention; j reception to visiting: members;
address of, welcome by the Mayor, Hon. K. E.
Schmltx; response by President P. A. Webster.
11 -a.: m.— Flashlight portrait •work.' by J. - F.
Mullender. . 1 p. m. — Demonstration of posing:
and lighting under the - »ky llRh t. 3 p. m. —
Lecture on art. by L. P. Latlmer. 8:30 p. m. —
A few facts about the lens, by L. J. R. Hoist.
4 p. m. — Demonstrations In platinum, carbon
and the gum bichromate processes. I 7:30 p. m.
—Eastman bromide demonstration, by. W. C.
Duryea. 8 p.: m. — Public exhibition and con
cert. , ¦ ' . . -¦
¦The Photographers' Association of Cali
fornia \ will hold ! Its first annual conven
tion at the Mechanics' Pavilion for three
days, commencing: to-night. Photograph
ers from all. over the United States and
from- many countries in Europe will ex
hibit the works of their profession. There
will be" between 4000 and 5000 of the finest
pictures ever yot. together" at the ex
hibit. Some of tha pictures are marvels
of the photographic art and are beautiful
In the extreme. '¦ -j • *
Observations - Are . Taken at
• Santa Clara College by
Father Ricard.
Exhibit of Fine Pictures Will
•\ '* Be Thrown Open to '.
/ ¦* ' " the Public.
Con ven tion of California
Association to Be
Held.
It Reappears on the Op
. posit e Side of the
Photosphere. *
LARGE SUN SPOT
AGAIN VISIBLE
PHOTOGRAPHERS
WILL ASSEMBLE
THE SAN FK A*T CISCO- CALL, > THURSDAY; OCTOBER 29. 1903.
13
ills, mother of .Michael T. Dennis, Mrs. J. J.
McCullough'and the; late Mrs.'- E. M. Law-
•rence of- Golden' Gate, Cal., and sister' of
Patrick Cummings of San Francisco, Michael
'CummlrigH ' of : Massachusetts. ' Mrs. Thomas
WhrjJen of Portland, Or., and the late John
Curnmlngs of Santa Rosa and Timothy Cum-
mlngs"of'San Diegoi a 'native of County
Cork, Ireland. 'aged 85 years., .' (Portland.
-'Massachusetts and San 'Diego papers please
copyl) ¦"¦- -•..;¦.¦*¦ . ;,.¦-. . ¦ -. ¦
(E7"Friends ' and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral .Thursday,
October 29. 1903. at 0:30 o'clock. : from the
• funnral oarlors of Valente.. Mariui & Co..
1(524" Stockton street, thence to St. Mary's
(Paulist) Church, California and Dupont
* streets, where mass . will be celebrated for
the repose Of her soul, commenclnjr at 10
o'clock thence -to /'Southern Pacific depot.
Third and " TtVwnsend streets, for 11:30
o'clock train ."for Interment In Holy Cross
Cemetery. '"' : " ~ - -
GOLDMAN — In Merced, Cal., October 28. 1903,
Louis Goldman, son of , the late S. Goldman
of • this city, beloved | * husband of Bertha
Geldman, and 1 ; father of Lotta Goldman, a
- native ; of - Germany,"" aged 60 years. :•
GRAINGER— In North Berkeley, October ' 27,
1003,° Lizzie, beloved sister of Sarah, Samuei
and William Grainger, a native of Ontario,
1 Canada. "¦- . •
'¦ GREGG— In this city. October 28, 1903. Mrs.
Sarah A. Gregg, * beloved mother of B. W.,
M. V., J. M.. - W. . W.- and Ralph Gregg, a
native of Pennsylvania, aged 78 years 8
months and 8 days. . '; i
HANLY — In this city, October 27. 1803, Annie
F., beloved wife of Thomas J. Hanly, sister
of James F. and John T. Stuart, and mother
1 of Thomas J;. James L., Estella and Flor-
ence Hanly. a native of New York. 1
EXRemains at the parlors of the Califor-
nia Undertaking Company. 405 Pqwell street.
HENRY— In , the City and County Hospital,
October 28. 1903, Rose M. Henry, a native of
Ireland, aged 64 years. -
HURLEY— In this city. October 27, 1903, Den-
nis Hurley, a native of Ireland, aged 82
years. ' '
HURLEY— In this city, October 28. 1903.
Michael Hurley, father of Mrs. K. . E. Bro-
pan and tho late Mrs. Mi F. Bronson, a na-'
" tive of Ireland, aged 88 years.
(CTFrtends and" acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Friday,
at S:30 o'clock, from his late residence,' 810
McAllister street, thence to St Mary's
* Cathedral. Van , Ness avenue and O'Farrell
street, where a reaulem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of • his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
KENNEDY— In this city, October" 28, 1908.
Bernard Kennedy, a native of Kings County,
Ireland, aged 88 years 4 months and 10 days.
It7 Remains at the parlors of Carew &
English, 29 Van Ness avenue. - : ,
LINDSAY— In the City. and County f Hospital.
October '28. 1903, Charles Lindsay, a native
of Virginia, aged 84 years.
McTAMNEY— In this city, October 28, 1903.
Mary. McTamney, beloved - mother of Joseph
McTamney, . Mrs. Rebecca , Hutchlnson, Mrs.
L. T. Plant and Mrs. A. M. Woppje, a na-
tive of Ireland, aged 67 years and 10 months.'
-: •' err Notice of funeral -hereafter. ¦;¦¦'
MAISEL — In thia city, at' Ocean View, Octc^-
ber 28. 1903, - Cora Ellen. ¦ beloved daughter,
of Charles and Mary Malsel, and " sister, or
Joseph, Mary, "William, Ethel. Charles and.
•George Malsel. a native of San Francisco,
aged 2 months and 24 . days.
MOONEY— In this city, October 28, 1903, at
429 Tenth street, Thomas A. . Mooney, be-
loved son of J. B. and Margaret . Mooney, •
and brother of Mrs. Helen Robertson and
Mrs. John Merrett ¦ (Lady Sholto Douglas),
, a native of Pennsylvania, aged 32 years 2
months and 30 days.
IE7"Notlce of funeral hereafter.
MURPHY— In this " city,- October 28, 1903,
Mary, beloved wife of the late Jeremiah
Murphy, and beloved stepmother of Jeremiah
Murphy Jr. and the late Thomas and An-
drew Murphy, a native of Dublin. Ireland,
aged 80 years. ' ¦¦;
ICFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 8:15 o'clock, from the parlors
of Carew & English, 29 Van Ness avenue.
. thence to St. Joseph's Church, where a re-
. qulem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.'
Interment Holy Ctofs Cemetery.
PACKARD— In Vacaville. Cal., October 27 '
1903. Charles. Packard, a native of Hartford,
Conn., aged 71 years 11 months and 19 days.
SCHEIER— In this city, October 27. 1903,
Abraham Scheier, beloved husband of Annie
Scheier, father of Ralph B. and Harold
¦ Bcheler, and- brother, of ; Mrs. McKlnley
Mitchell of Portland. Or., and Mrs. limlla
. Breldenbach of Loa Angeles, a native of San
- Francisco.- aged 48 years.
CTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Thursday, October 2». 1903. at 11 o'clock, at
his late residence, 3035 Washington street.
Interment Home of Peace Cemetery.
SHIRLEY— -In Valiejo, October 28. 1908, Bes-
sie Hooton. beloved wife of Guy Shirley
daughter of the' late" W. J. Hooton, and sis-
ter of Mrs. May II. Tyler . and - Clara V.
Hubba, a nattve of California. '
E7"Noilce of /funeral hereafter/
• SW <E-P^ Y .T In ,'; OakIand . ' Cal., October 28,'
190J.; Gladys Velma Sweeney, dearly beloved
daughter of John J. and Alice J: Sweeney,
a native of Oakland, Cal., aged 9 months
and 9' days. • ...
TREFTS— In this city,. October 28. 1903 Ed-
gar J.. 'beloved aon of • Charles E. and the
late Augusta Trefts. a- native of Newman.
Cal., aged 18 years 6^ months and 26 days.
TUSTIN— In Peorla. III.'.'' October 24, 1903.
Paul J. Tustin, beloved son of Ferando and
Mary Tustin. and brother of George F. Tus-
tin Mrs. J- F. Jerdhay. Mrs. C. Strandburg
and Mr». Hushes, a native of San Fran-
cUco, a*ed 30 years 9 months and 1 day
nEALJJST.VTR — CITY — FOR^SAlVEji
S P E C K^A C.O..
CC7 Market st. opp Kearny.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS ¦RENT COLLECT-
ORS. FULL CHARGE TAKEN
OF PROPERTY.
SELECTED, INVESTMENTS.
JONES-ST. CORNER.
$140,000— Magnificent brick, 6-story building;
10 years" secured lease; annual net
rents. $9600; lot <50xS5 feet.
CORNER NEAR. MARKET ST.
$130,000— Flrat-st. corner; new brick and Iron
building, leased 10 years to one ten-
ant; 9400 so., ft. floor epace; a very
choice buy
FOURTH-ST. CORNER.
$C5,000 — 75x100 ft. ; main corner; stores and
apartments above; pays 6 per cent net;
a safe investment.
• . EDDY-3T. CORNER. V-
$50,000— K^ist of Larkln. 37:6x87:6 ft.; stores
and lodglag-hous«; rays C per cent
net; oSer of $47,000 refused.
WESTERN ADDITION CORNER.
$50.000 — 12 new up to date flats; modern In
every respect ; v pay 15 per. cent net , by
assuming bank* mortgage of $25,000 at
& 1 ** per cent interest; lot 89:6x84 ft.;
6 blocks from new City Hall. .
NORTHWEST CORNER.
$50,000—137:6x137:0; substantial Improve-
ments; Insured for $20,000; mortgage
$30,000 at .'iVb per cent can remain;
pays 8 per cent Bet.
SECOXD-ST. CORNER.
$48,000—114 blocks from Market St.: 47 feet
front; cheapest downtown corner to be
• " had near Market st:; a chance to make
a turn at good advance.
CHANCE FOR SPECULATORS.
$40,000— Lot 82x275; 2 frontages; 100 rooms;
-.•;_-.» rents $350; one tenant; can be easily
leased at $400. "V .' a
GOLDEN GATE- AVE.
$23,500— Golden Gate, near Van Ness ave.:
42x120; 2 frontages; rents $144; rents
can be Increased to $170; fine site for
apartment house.
POLK-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
$22,000 — Stores and lodging-house; yearly
rents $19S0; lot 30-ft. frontage; • pays
over 9 per cent; ] bank mortgage of
$10,000 can remain.
8ANSOME-ST. CORNER,
$17,500 — Business corner; stores, basement
and floor above; rents $163; pays 11
per cent,
OCTAVIA-ST. RESIDENCE.
$17,500 — Choice location; 14 rooms and baths;
8 bedrooms: lot 39x137:6.
DOWNTOWN INVESTMENT.
$18.500 — O'Farrell et.. east of Van Ness; pays
10 per cent net by assuming $9000
bank mortgage; rents $115; lot 27:6x
120; two frontapes. 1
WASHINGTON-ST. RESIDENCE.-
$15,000 — Modem 12-room residence; marine
view; building alone cost more than
price asked ; lot 40x128 feet.
ELEVENTH ST.
$13,500— Lot 50x200 ft.; 2 frontages; nominal
Improvements; fine site for warehouse,
drayage or automobile garage pur-
poses. . . ;..¦•. .
PINE-ST. CORNER. "
$12,500 — S. E. corner Pine and Webster sts.;
62:6x100; splendid elte for flats.
$6.700 — Rents $74 per month; Church-st- in-
vestment; mortgage $4000; Insured for
$:>000; pays 14 per cent.
• $5,500 — Washington st. near Spruce; lot 50x
127:814; worth $9000; want offer.
$2,650— New cottage In Mission; 6 rooms and
bath; fine lot.
$1.400 — Corner lot near Golden Gate Park:
25x100 feet.
SPECK & CO., 667 Market st.
MODERN cottages; finished complete with
every convenience; easy terms; large lots.
a rno*ns $21^*0
6 rooms — $3600.
7 rooms — $4100. -
8 rooms— $4600. -.''..*¦ . ¦•
Located en First and Second ave., bet.
Gear)' and McAllister st. cars and one block
north of park. -F. NELSON, bullden
$'.KK) — COTTAGE, 4 rooms, G23 Moultrie st.,
must be sold to settle estate: also cottage,
4 r. and b.. 135 Nevada ave., $100 down. bal.
terms. D. COFFIN & CO.. 3303 Mission St.
FOR sale — Choice lots on Millbrae meadows;
cozy home sites. MARK LANE, 116 Mont-
gomery St. . . , . .
BUILD on your unimproved realty; we loan
full cost lmprov. and part lot at 6 per cent,
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker building.
FINE Income ilats on Fulton, near City Hall;
reasonable. Inquire 142 Fulton' st., owner.
1'OIXT RICHMOND REAL ESTATE.
MANUFACTURING site, 4 acres, located on
both Santa Fe and Southern Pacific roads;
most available site for manufacturing pur-
poses on this side of- the bay; price very
reasonable. For price and -full - Information
see J. H. MACDONALD.& .CO.. 1052 Broad-
way. Oakland. ...
WATER front lots and bargains; all tracts;
maps, photos, etc. BELL. 417 Parrott bldg.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
FOR SALE AT A BARGAIN.
NORTH END BUSINESS BLOCK.
BEST BUSINESS CORNER AT NORTH
BERKELEY STATION: NORTHEAST COR-
NER OF VINE AND SHATTUCK AVENUES:
»O FEET FRONTAGE ON VINE STREET. 75
FTTET FRONTAGE ON SHATTUCK AVE-
NUE. LARGE TWO-STORY FRAME BUILD-
ING WITH 5 STORES ON GROUND FLOOR;
10 LARGE ROOMS ON SECOND FLOOR;
ALL RENTED AT PRESENT; PAYING 6
PER CENT ON THE ASKING PRICE; CAN
BE MADE. WITH LITTLE OUTLAY TO
BRING A RENTAL OF 12 PER CENT. '
CHENEY & BERRY,
Berkeley — Postofflce Block.
$2250— 6-ROOM house: lot 60x120; • street work
done; 1 block from College ave.
$650— Let 60x135; Addison st, near Santa Fe
line.
CHENEY & BERRY'S SPECIALS.
$7500—600 feet on Claremont ave. ; will sell
this as whole or In lots of. 100 feet frontage.
10 lots sear Grove st.; $400 to $500; install-
ments. • • . . -. • • .
600 feet on water front, and railroad. West
Berkeley, for sale; Just the place for a factory.
• CHENEY & BERRY.
¦ ¦- '. P. O.' Block. Berkeley. -
$1500 — ONE acre near station and school; grand
location; can guarantee a' big bargain.
$6000 — A good 11-room house, stable, fruit trees
and 3 lots Included; 3 blocks from train;
" ' 1 block from electric cars.
Also lots for sale in the Wheeler Tract.
Berry-Bangs Tract, Central Park Tract, Magee
Tract. Hardy Tract, " Graves & Taylor Tract.
Daley Scenic Park tract for cash or on easy
terms. '¦*-.-• ¦
L. J. MORAN & CO.,
2181 Bh&ttuck ave., Berkeley station.
WHY pay rent when you can buy new 6-room
cottage with all. mod.ern Improvements; brick
foundation, high basement, electric lights,
city water; lot 87:6x185; pries fl!;00;- terms
$150 cash, balance $18 a month; enly two
blocks to both ferry lines, stores, school,
church and electric cars. O. A. RUDOLPH,
Lorln Station: open Sundays.
J. J. MASON,
Real Estate and Insurance Agent.
Choice Property a Specialty.
ES. cor. Shattuck ave. and Center sC
Berkeley. Cal.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND HEAL ESTATE.
$800 cash, $15 monthly; a new 2-story house of S
rooms; barn; summer-house; Immense, oaks,
•. laurel. and other trees; a large creek through
** -the gTounds; good well of water; 10 lots, 250x
115; grand eoll and no better climate in Cali-
fornia; one can make a good living on this
place; no winds or fegs and one of the most
delightful spots you ever saw; adjoining East
Oakland: price, in all. $2800; If you can use
this property It is one of the best you can
have. Call or send for circular, 455 7th St.,
opp. Broadway station. Oakland: carriage
free. H. Z. JONE8. Owner. .
$2500 — COMFORTABLE cottage, with bay-
window and' high basement: lot 140 .feet
deep; fine, large barn, crave! driveway; 'nice
neighborhood; street work all done; above'
' Ban Pablo ave.: terms if you like. GEO. W '
AUSTIN, or J.. S. MYERS. 1002 Broadway!
Oakland. . . . . ;
WEST st.. 840; seven "apartments: income $79.
per month; modern improvements; windmill
end tank; $7000. Inquire '907 Grove st..
Oakland. -.:'.-,- • " >¦ V
IMPROVED Oakland property to exchange for
lots in Oakland or San Francisco or land not
far from Oakland. P. C. LASSEN & CO.;
46C Tenth St.. Oakland. Cal. *
Modern house. 0 ran. ; stable: Mason A Hamlln
t^rran. Reform 12 m.. 422 Orange St.. Oakland. (
OAKLAND FURSITURE FOR SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In f urni-
y ture. H. Sehellhaa*. 11th st..cor.store.Oaklnd.
Mill Valley Advertisements*
MILL YAUEY REAL - ESTATE.
'BEST barralns ever offered; new tract right at
the station; • big' lots, beautifully "wooded;
grand views : • streets ¦ graded ; -water mains
-laid; lot 50x125, for $400; ; terms, .10 , per cent
cash, $10 monthly; • bound to * increase In
value: 02 lots sold -to 'date; -send 'for. booklet."
LYON 4 HOAG. 110 Montgomery st.
PERSON ALS.
:NTIOX. LAIHKS-^
o eee is to believe; go anJ £<?« the exniol-
at the ITnlon lirug Stcrr, cor. O'Farrel!
Stockton rjs.: » llvln;? »n<"«3el with the
cklee - :.. : batciness removed from one
of vj^e face a year aso by M. ELLA
UjQUtlS 5f 7S'1 OTarrell »^
THE Star liaIr~V^f^T restores gray hair, lm-
; ret e* its growth. stopa falline. cure* dandruS
er.d itching *calp: no «t*!n or stickiness;
<i<MLnnee scalp :at «3nar(rt?ts'. Ijairdressers"; ac-
c*j-.t o> subrtitut". Star Ke medyCo. . 1333 Poik.
XOTlcy I hereby ci v0 nctlce that 1 am not
r»zp.->m;ib!<? r<_>r b'.:i» contracted by my wife.
KMMA BOSS, of 2130 Howard st.. aft«-r this
. date, October 26. l:>03. ANGUS HOSS.
THERE M.r? other c<?r*al eoffets. but If you
¦ want the best ask your grjeer for Cof-£arln;
jibsolutely r>»-'r**- P»lat*b!e and nourishing.
TOE rOF-FARIN CO.. 134 Valencia st.
NOTICE Is hereby given that the cleaning and
•dy«!i;e establishment knovin as "The Sne-
efff," 2<4'i Hacrs.mer.t'j St.. has chang-d
hsnds and !s r.ovr ownrd by V. A. HALL.
ELEGANT s'-its on «*^y !r*t«UmenU: 50 c»nts
•.nd up p«-r »wk. LEON LEilOS. 1127
Market St.. b«t. Seventh an<3 Eighth. ¦-,,;.
• NOT bow cheap tut bow good is the motto of
. the manufacturers of the Rapid Rotary
i m :- StaBfisrtl. th* eewlng-macfcine of to-day. J
W. EVANS, agent. 1021 Market gt.
PHTS1CIAN. 15 years' experience, cures per-
mancnt'.y morphine, cocaine habit. Call or
tddrees Central Pharmacv. 251 Grant »v«..
¦ ccrcer Butter st.; fee moderate.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale: also
<-hen::ie-wove rugs. eJtt portieres; dealer in
. c*rpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. Geo. Matthews. 703 Fifth St.. Oakland.
' OANC1NG Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday. Sun-
day evgs.. Teuton!* Hall, noward et., nr.
O'.fc; Prcf. Foster; society dancing taught.
LIQUOR habit ctu^d. We guarsntee to curs
• . the liquor habit In 2 days or no charges.
Acme Llqaor Cur* Co.'. 997 Market, r. 202.
DRUNKENNESS morphine and all drug dis-
eases pos'Uvely cured by Willow Bark Co..
• 1S39 Polk Et.; consultation free ;call or write.
•REMOVAL— Dr. W. C. STRATTON has re-
moved his office from 2255 Mission st. to
rocrsg 573 and 574. Parrott bl<3e (Emporium).
AT lass, than cost uncalled for aulta. overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
tailor. 721 Mark>t st- ¦ >£¦"¦;
ANDERSON — Elegant theatrical and masquer-
. ' ade costumes rented. 2C O'Farrell st.
BUTTS to order on Installments. $1 per week.
Neuhatts i Co.. mereh. tailors, 727-729 Market.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by e'ec- ]
.« trie needle. Dr. A Mrs.Traverse.1170 Market.
...THE best .plac« to buy rood umbrellas or
have them covered or repaired is 120 Stocktoa '
TAILOR-MADE suit »7 60; dress pants f2 50.
Mlgf.t Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Pop ont.
t MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs.
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
ALFRED TTM'S Eiryptlan Henna restores gray
hair to its natural color; Jl; at all druggists*.
' Euperfluous hair and moles removed with e!ec«
.trie neogie. Mrs, ft Miss Eaton. 1119 Sutter. '
PALttlSTIlY.
MME. DEVAS — Scientific palmist and astrolo-
r!*t. Palm reading* $1; 3 QUESTIONS AN-
SWERED FREE. Tuesday eve. 139 Post et.
II. JEROME FOSELLL scientific palmist. 513
TfiyJcr rt.. rear Geary. Phone B'.aek 5C1.
rAPEUHA.\GI.\G. PAISTIXG. ETC.
ROOMS papered. $3 50 up; Mnting, palntlnc.
- Hartman Paint Co.. 313 3d t>t. : tel. Main <ii.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
• ANTLERS, 415 Turk ft.— Strictly modern, 4-5
room epartmems; fur. or unfur. for hskpg.
¦ HAIGHT. W)2. corner Devisadero — 3 unfur-
nished rooms: all /rent and sunny; private
family; for adults only.
LARKIN, v l7'-_ — Large fine sunny furnished
room; "iel.t housekeeping; gas stove; refs.
MINNA, 514— A fpw nice sunny housekeeping
rcom* to let; thoroughly furnished.
MODEL HOUSE. 3206 Stockton St. — Newly
furnished rooms. $5-f?2; bath, gas, phone.
TURK. 545.— 2 furnlphed rooms for housekeep-
ing; cas. bath and phone.
TWENTY-THIRD, 3726. nr. Dolores— 3 sunny
baj-wlt-dow rooms; neat and complete.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for CfcJl advertisements and
Fubecriptlcns has bees established at 1090
Valencia Ft.
llucsrkpir llooms— -Apnrtm't Houses.
EL MONTEREY, the city> newest apartment
hotel, located on tie north side of Pine St..
between Hyde and Leavenworth; a superb
brick building of Spanish architecture; all
the comforts of housekeeping combined with
the conveniences of hotel life; prices very
reasonable.
THE Frederick. 801 Stanyan, opp. Park— Furn.
epartrrents; pri. bath: steam neater; janitor.
ROOMS TO LET Porn, ami In furn.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 14S Sixth — Room*
25c to Jl per nlpht. $1 25 to $3 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte." 873 Market st. (or No. I
. Firth et.)— Rooms. 25c, 60c. $1, ?1 CO night;
tl f.0 to $10 week; house open all night.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 13G4)— Fur-
clthed room?, gu'.te. single; also unfurnished.
CALIFORNIA. 1406 — Furnished rooms; gas,
bath and telephone.
CAFTRO, 241— Pretty eunny front room, with
pa*. larg« cicset, coal grate; private family,
- one or two ladles or gentlemen; references;
flO per month. ¦,».---
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furrished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
ELLIP. 1&09. cear Pcott — Large . furnished
room for a. renUeman; gas; #8.
FRANKLIN, 721— Nicely furnished sunny
rooms; ail front; all conv.; $14. $16 month.
CRAXD Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms COo
to <1 B0 night; tl to t3 week; reading-room.
JESSIE. 3C3. east U. S. Mint— Furnished
rooms, (5 and Jti per month.
L>AGUNA and McAllister. St. James Cat — Sun-
ny single room.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis — Incandescent lights,
reading-room, emoklng-room and ladles' par-
lor: rooms oer nlsht, 85c to fl 50; week. (2
to $8; month, $8 to $30; elevator on ground
Boor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
8TATCLEY place, 45 — Nicely furnished sunny
room, suitable for one or -two gentlemen or
man and wife; grate ana privilege of bath.
THE GILLKSPIE. 119 Ninth— Furnished mi.,
11 60 to $2 50 week; transient 60c-75c night.
UNITED STATES. 123 E<3<!y st., near Market—
4O0 rtr-gle and fs^nily room*; 38c to $1 night;
• fl 75 to J8 week: elevatcr; electric lights;
reaclng-room; free bus and baggage.
KVAN NESS. Sit — Handsome sunny furnished
suites and single rooms, all conveniences.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Sd St., near Market
Most convenient and respectable: 700 room*;
SSc to (1 CO r.'.rht: 52 to (8 week; elevator;
•lee lights; reading-room; free bus; baggs.g«.
A BRANCH office fcr Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1094
Valencia ft.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received «t Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
ROOMS A.\D BOARD.
E1EVENROX Mansion. 607 California at.— At-
tractive and nahtly rooms; best tabl* and
service; Isweat rales.
VAN' NESS ave.. 1714 — Private boardlng-bouse,
ncmelike; tverytbinff first class; sunny
suites: Flr.rle room*; choice locality; ref.
ROOMS A.\D BOAUD WANTED.
¦WANTED — Two raedieal students are desirous
of obtainlr.g good beard and rooms near the
Affiliated Co:i«-reg. Address 122 De Long ave.
STOI1AGB AXD WAREHOUSES.
A— EMPORIUM Blorage & Van Co.; furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 72&-
7S1 Howard" st.. near Third; phone Grant 161.
PIERCE-ROIX)LPH Storage St Moving Co.. of-
fice Pott and Powell sts. ; tel. Prtv. Er. 571.
CONKLIN'S Storage— Furniture and merchaa-
gl»«. K33 Golden Gate ave.; phone East 128.
• GOLDEN West Storage; advances made; 840
Mission St.; tel. Howard 84 L F. XV. Zehfuss.
. PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore «t.; phone Jackson 2SL
EEKINS Vaa and Etorsce Co.. 11 Montgomery
ft.: t»-V Vain \<jj(\ Shipping at cut-rates..- .
.^~_ fij __' TO LEASE.
A'LATIGB lighted baKernent^tolet! " ~~App\T 771
Howard «t. or 201 Fourth.
axd^supSliesT :
.GREAT EAHGAljTs Is'TYi'EWRITEiS— W*e.
t sell Ixrtttr machines for less bioney I than any
house la th* city: r<-jita!i ft. The Typewriter
JExchenee. a.'I6 C«llfornU:.telephone Main 26«.
; A FEW good typewriter* ut *Z0 each; get par-
..;.tlculars. L. & M. ALEXANDER, U0 Moat-
gomery st. •-.-.-
fI>-HAND typewriters eold.' rented, repaired.
. WtU'.tt Typcwiiter Insp-c Co.. 508 Market.
REAL ESTATE— Country— For Sale.
FOR sale— 640-acre ranch, near Cloverdale,
Cal.; mostly a mountain plateau, with afine
trout stream and numerous flowing springs;
about half is unexcelled pasture, balance
mostly quite level or gently rolling, covered
with majestic forests; soil Is rich, view
magnificent, climate simply perfect; It is a
natural park — an earthly, paradise; Improve-
ments, house, barn, ten acres cultivated,'
three < aqree - bearing orchard; all .fenced;
, all grains, vegetables, nuts," grapes, fruits,.
Including 'tropical sorts. ' grow hera to per-
fection; • oil* prospects are excellent.-' This-
ranch Is cheap at $10,000. Going at $5000
If eold soon. Box 23. doverdale. Cal.
$400. $200 DOWN—
10 acres of choice berry' land In Sacramento
Co.. close to school and in good.' neighbor-
hood
$800. $400 down — 20 acres alfalfa land un-
der good ditch. Sacrataento County.
For rent — Improved grain ¦ and dairy
ranches, in San Joaquln and Sacramento
Counties.
For sale cheap— Fine • home in city of
Santa ''Crus.- . • ' :
QUIGGLE. 723 Market st,. caret "Whitaker &
Ray Co. 0 to 10 a. m., 4 to 5 p. m., or ad-
drese box 18. Gait. . ' ;'
IN St. Helena — 0 acres J choice land,- • 5-room
house, wine cellar and improvements: 1000
vines and some orchard ; price $2500. * f Apply
to S. MIDDLEMAS, 415 Front at. :
$10 A MONTH buys a ten-acre farm twelve
miles from Sacramento; * writa for booklet:
its free. WRIGHT & KIMBROUGH, 603
J et., Sacramento, California. , :
IF you want a stock ranch, dairy or coloniza-
tion tract, write CHAS. W. COE & CO.. 46
West Santa st.. San Jose," Cal. . .
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,,
vineyards; Inspected bargains; monthly cata-
logues sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. C48
Market St. ' ' ¦ '¦¦
FOR poultry and dairy ranches yielding a good
profit. HAMILTON & KENDRICK.Petaluma.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
Ladles! Chichester's English Pennyroyal Pills
are best; safe, reliable; take no other. Send 4c
stamps for particulars. "Relief for Ladles"
In letter by return mall. Ask your druggist.
Chlchester Chemical Co.. Philadelphia, Pa.
MOTHERS — Drink Cof-farln regularly and
your nerves and digestion will be all right;
give it to the children and the old man, and
half your troubles will cease. - -'¦
SCIENTIFIC OPTICIANS. . .*
DURING the O. A. R." encampment Dr. Cllse,
1023 Market at., bet. 6th-7th. fitted glasses to
Pen. Miles; you want the best as well as he.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES
NEW HOME sewing machine; this week only;
$10. $15. $20; slightly used; needles 20c doz.
NEW HOME S. M. CO.. 1051 Market st.
SPECIALISTS. :
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES in EARS
positively cured; new method; 1 week's treat-
roent free. Dr. Cottlngham. 204 8utter et.
STUTTERING AND STAMMERING.
MELBOURNE School, Van Ness-Market — Cure
In every case; Individual teaching; no madl-
clne. Inquire' into wonderful cure«:hom> cure.
~ MABBI AGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday:
Marvin B. Ireland, 24, 24S5 Post street, and
Effa M. Miller. 24. 42 Seventh street. *
George A. Valintine. .21, Oakland, and Mary
Krall. 19, Oakland.
Arthur E. Owens, 28, Sacramento, and Belle
Hlnes, 23, Sacramento. .
Charles L. Meyers, 32, city, . and Minnie N.
Russo, 32. city. ¦ . ,
Robert Browell. 37, 317 Lombard street, and
Louise Deuwell. 20. 325 Lombard street.
Emlle H. Laolace. 25, 1C22 San Bruno ave-
nue, and Addle M. Rosenbrock, 20, 1622 San
Bruno avenue. - . • '
Edward E. Frank, 29, 631 Greenwich street,
and Mabel Martin. 22. 230 Lee avenue.
Oscar C. Strandell, 45, city, and Marie I*
Russell, 39, city., .
Frederick Erben, 40, 718 Calif ornla' street,
and Ellse BwUchen. 37, 713 California street.
George McGrath, 27, 2094 Market street, and
•Thereea. Casstdy. 19, 1191 Harrison street.
Adolf H. Schlueter, 25.-137 Perry street, and
Elisabeth E. Schaefer, 22. 19 Douglass street.
Harry Smith. 24, 675 Bush street, and Tessie
Sullivan, 21, (S37 Natoma street.
Jacob J. Hansen, 30. Doughertys, Cal., and
Minnie E. Martin. 24, Doughertys, Cal.
Benjamth A. S«llg,-22, 430 Fulton street, and
Fannla Lichtenstetn. 19. 14 Harriet etreet.
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must, be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
BOLLES— In Oakland, October. 27, 1903, to the
• wife of C. W. Bolles, a daughter.
DIEHL— In Oakland. October 27. 1903, to the |
wife of H. P. Dlehl, a son.
HOGAN— In this city. October 22, 1903, to the
wife of T. V. Hoean. a son.
_ _______
QUINN— COURTNEY— In this city. . October
2(5, 1903, by the Rev. John Stephens, Arthur
L. Qulnn and Valeria Leu Courtney, both of
. El Paso, Texas. •"¦ . .. . . ' i
SOHLING — NEALE — In this city, October 2S,
1903. by tbe Rev. William C. Pond. Fred-
erick Sohling and Charlotte Neale, both of
San Francisco. : ¦
' DIED. J
Belmont, Ludl M. . Hurley,'; Dennis
Bowers, Mrs. Ella S. Hurley. -Michael
Brown, James • • ¦ Kennedy, ' Bernard . •
.Brown, John A. ¦¦'.'. Lindsay, Charles
. Carey, Frank E. . McTamney, Mary
Centllvre, ¦ Charles Malsel, Cora E. ,
Corcoran. Anna Mooney, Thomas A.' '
De Medici. Frank T. ' Murphy, Mary
Dennis, Margaret Packard, Charles
Goldman, Louis Scheier, Abraham
Grainger, Lizzie Shirley, Bessie H.
Gregg, Mrs. Sarah Sweeney,- Gladys V."
Hanly, Annie F. Trefts, Edgar J. ' .
Henry. Roee M. i Tustin, Paul J.
BELMONT— In this city, October 28, 1803,
Ludi Milla, wife of George . Belmont, mother
of Cora Belmont, and daughter of Mrs. ¦ S.
W. Taylor, a nattve of Cleveland, Ohio, aged
27 years 5 months and 9 days.
|C7Nctlce of funeral hereafter* > ¦
BOWERS — In Oakland. October 27, 1903, Mrs.
Ella 8. Bower*, a native of Scotland, aged
77 years 1 month and 21 days.
BROWN— In this city, October 27, 1003, James
Brown, beloved husband of the late. Bridget
Brown, and loving father of John, Mark,
James and Thomas Brown, a : native of
County Galway, Ireland, aged 69 -years.
(EJTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 7 Gilbert street, thence to St.
•Rose's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul
"at '9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery. . , *
BROWN— In this city, October 26, 1903, John
A., dearly beloved husband of Amelia E.
Brown,' beloved son of Thomas and Bridget
Dillon, and brother of the late Matthew,
Katie and Nellie Brown, and eon of the late
John D. Brown, a native of San Francisco.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 8 :30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 726 Fourteenth street, thence to
Mission Dolores Church, where a' requiem
nigh mass. will 'be celebrated for the. repose
of his soul, commencing at 8 o'clock. In-
• terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CAREY— In this city. October 2S. 1903, Frank
E. Carey, brother of S. M. Carey, a native
of Hannibal, Mo., aged 34 years.
CENTLIVRE — In this city, October 23, 1903.
Charles, dearly • beloved and only son of
Charles and Agnes F. Centllvre, a native of
San Francisco, aged 9 days.
CORCORAN— In thfs city. October 27, 1903,
' Anna Corcoran, dearly beloved mother, of
Annie and Lizzie Corcoran, daughter of D.
.-Meyer, and sister of Mrs. C. Scholl, Mrs. O.
' Strohmeler and- Miss Lizzie Meyer, a native
of San Francisco, aged. S3 years 8 months
. and 7 days, .• . .-, .; •-.
(CTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully- Invited to attend the funeral, services
Friday, October 30, at 2 o'clock, at the par-
lors of H. *F..-Suhr-*: ; Co.v. 1137 - Mission
street, between Seventh and Eighth. : ? Inter-
nment private. "'-."" •-•.,"••'*.- i";- r
DE MEDICI— In FrultvsJe, October. 27,' 1903,
Frank- T. de Medici, beloved husband i of
1 Hilda. M.de -Medici, and brother of. Mrs. J.
A. Goff of Tampa, Fla., and Florence de
Medici of Seattle, Wash., a native of Jack-
convllle, Fla.,- aged 29 years. «
1 lE7"The funeral services will be* held to-
day (Thursday), at 8 o'clock, at the chapel
of;N. Gray & Co., . 853 Butter street, under
the auspices of San Francisco Typographical
Union No. ¦ 21. . : ; * :r* ¦ -.
DENNIS— In this city. October 28. * 1903, "Mar-
garet, : dearly - beloved wife of • Michael ,- Den-'
. James'- McGinn. '-..--¦ . Henry i Hansen: .
¦?.-. james McGinn & co.; . .
: . - Formerly With McGinn Bros., : .
Funeral Directors and ' Embalmers.— — '
' 214 Eddy at. :• Tel." South S76.- -
F.*, J."" Mcnahan. ; President." •' • " :jV r Ji '
MONAHAN & CO.,
• • .' •¦'.. (inc.) • -.' ¦/' •-.;». ,¦
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.'
: 2339-2341 Mission 'st. Telophone Mission '31.".- :
F. J. Monahan, President. « ;
OCEAIT TBATEL.
yrfJfTN. " 8teamer» leave San Fran-
/fjS^-VKJV " dseo as follows:
/££_¦_ XtrV For Ketchlkan, Wrangel.
/ayiffiJJOfia \J\ Juneau, Hain*s, Skagway.
I I \lC3Gft I etc i Alaska— 11 a. m., Oct.
I I \HW@t/,l 2*. Nov. 2. Change to eom-
V*iv \\ Pany's steamers at Seattle.
VirV-L— 4ey *"«"" Victoria. Vancouver.
>^£fStj55^ Port Townaend. Seattle. Ta-
coma, Everett, Whatcom— IX
a. m..' Oct. 29, Nov. 2. Change at Seattle to
this company's steamers for Alaska and O. N.
Ry.: at Seattle or Tacoma to N. P. Ry.; »t
Vancouver to C. P. My.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— Pomona. 1:30
.p. m.. Oct. 31. Nov. 6: Corona, 1:30 p. m..
Oct. 28, Nov.. 3. -.
For Los Aneeies (via Port Los Angslca and
Redondo), San Diego and Bants, Barbara —
Santa Rosa, Sundays. 0 a. m.
State of California, Thursdays,' 0 a. m.
' For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San. Pedro). Santa Barbara, Santa Cruz, Mon-
terey, San Simeon, Cayucos. Port Harford (San
Luis Oblapo). Ventura and Hueneme.
Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. Nov. 1.-
Bonita. ft a. m., Oct. 23. NVjt. D.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Joae del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Ro-
salia. Guayinaa (Mex.), 10 a. m., 7th of each
month. . •"'.'/;
For further Information obtain folder.
Right la reserved to change steamers or sail-
ing dates.
TICXET OmCBI — « New Montgom-
ery street (Palace Hotel), 10 Market street And
Broadway wharves.
Freight office, 10 Market street.
C. D. DUNANN. General Passenger Agent.
10 Market street. Ban Francisco*
O. R. & N. CO.
"Columbia" sails Oct. 20, 30. Nov. 8. 19, 29,
Dec. 9, 19. 23. "Geonte W. Elder" sails Oct.
25. Nov. 4. 14. 24. Dec. 4, 14, 24. Only steam-
ship line to PORTLAND, OR., and short rail
line from Portland to all points East. Through
tickets to all points, all rail or steamship and
rail at LOWEST RATES. Steamer tickets In-
clude berth and meals. Steamer sails foot of
Spear st. at 11 a. m. S. F. BOOTH, Gen.
Agt. Pass. 'D*pt., 1 Montgomery st: C. CLIF-
FORD. Gen. Agt. Freight Dspt.. 3 Montgomery.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW YORK-SOUTHAMPTON— LONDON.
Phlla...Nov. 7, 0:3Oam'N.York.Nov.21. »:30 am
Bt.Louls.Nov.l4.9:30 aralSt.Pau!.Nov.28.9:30 am
. ATLANTIC TBASSPOST LI2fE.
New York— London Direct.
MeBaba..Nov. 7, 9 am [M In" polls. Nov. 21. T am
M'n't'a.Nov.l4,l:30 pmjMinne'ba.Nov. 28. noon
Only First-class Passengers Carried.
DOMINION UNE.
Boston — Queemtown — Liverpool.
Mayflower ...Nov. SiCoIumbus Nov. 13
Montreal— Liverpool— Short sea passage
Southwark Nov. 7 Canada .".Dec. 9
Kensington Nov. 20 Southwark Dec. 20
Boston Mediterranean o»««
AZORES— GIBRALTAR— NAPLES— GENOA.
Vancouver Sat., Not. 21
. BED STAB £1272:.
V«w York — Antwerp — Paris.
F1nl'd.Nov. 7. 10:30 amiKr'nld.Nov.21,10:SO am
Vad'ld.Nov.l4.10:30 amiZeerd.Nov.23. 10:30 am
W HX'im BTAS t -TTm
. New York — Queenstown — Liverpool.
Sailing Wednesdays and Fridays.
Cedric.Nov. 4, 3:30 pmf Armenian. Nov. 17, 3 pn»
Majestlc.Ndr. 11 noon j Oceanic. Nov. 13. 6 am
Celtic... Not. 13, noon I Cymric Nov. 20. 0 am
Boston— Qneenstows — Liverpool.
Cretic t....Dec. 10. Feb. 11
Cymric Dec. 24. Jan. 28, Feb. 23
boston Mediterranean sxbtxcz.
Azores, Gibraltar, .staples; Genoa.
ROMANIC Dec 5, Jan. 18. Feb. 2T
REPUBLIC (new) Jan. 2. Feb. 13, Mar. 2«
CANOPIC: : Jan. 30. Mar. U
C. D. TAYLOR, Passenger Agent Pacific Coast.
21 Post St.. Ban Francisco.
|8^AE&1£RS? MARSEILLES. CMOOJi I
fjr MAPLES Bt AXCCAWDBIA. g^ yl *J^>j
ROMANIC. Dec. 5. Jan. 18. Feb. 27, ApL 9
REPUBLIC (new). Jan. ; 2. Feb. 13, Mar. 20
CANOPIC. Jan. 30. Mar. 12
(Send for rates acd illustrated booklet.)
• These steamers ax* the largest In M«di-
terranean service.
First class. $75 and ISO upward, according
to date of sailing.
' Boston to Liverpool Q «eiw,
CRETIC...: Dec. 10. Fsb. 11
CYMRIC Dec. 24. Jan. 28. F»b. 23
First class. 135 upward. For plans, etc..
address
¦WHITE STAR LINE. 77-81 State St..
Boston, or to C. X>.~ TAYLOR. 21 Poet st.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
..¦ (ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.)
Steamers will leave wharf, corner -First and
Brannan streets, at I p. m., for YOKOHAMA
and HONGKONO. calling at Kobe (Hlogo).
Nagasaki : and Shanghai, and connecting et
Hongkong with steamers for India, etc . Xo
cargo received on board on day of sailing. '
S. S. AMERICA MARU
.-. .1 . . . .-. .Tuesday,- Norember 10. 1903
S. S. HONGKONG MARU
Thursday. December 3. I3CS
S. a NIPPON MARU (Calling at Manila)
Wednesday, December 20. 1908
Via Honolulu. Round-trip tickets at reduced
rates. - For freight and passage apply at Com-
pany's office, 421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. . General Agent.
0CeaDlCS.8.C0.S^;s
8.S." SIERRA, for Honolulu. Samoa, Auck-
land ami Sydney, Thursday. Oct. 29. 2 p. m.
S.S. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu. Not. 7, 11 a. m.
S.S. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Dec 1. 11 a. m.
«US?«KKlS5Ktis.C3,I^rttitKQa,H3Iart3ia
JntytHta.12! KukftSLnv k. T.fedfc JL
COXPAOSrS 6KVIS1LK TsViitSATLAaTIQUI.
DIRECT LTXE TO HAVRE-PARIS^
Sailing every Thunday instead of
Saturday,' at 10 a. m.. from Pier -C • ,™ ™ " r
North River, foot of Morton street.
First-class to Havre. $70 and upward. Sec-
ond-class to Havre. »45 and cynrard. GEN'-
ERAL. AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 32 Broadway .(Hudson - Building).
New -York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents, 3 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
Mm island said .Vallejo Btaamers.
' Steamer GEX. FRISBTE* or MONTICELLO—
19-45 a. m.. 3:15 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sunday.
Sunday. 9:45 a, m.. 8^0 p.;m. Leave Vallejo.
T a; to,, 12:30 noon, • p. m..' ex. Sunday. Sun-
day, 7 a. m.. 4:10 'p. m. -Fare, 30 cents. Tel.
Main 1608. ' Pier 2. Mlsslon-st. dock.* HATCH
BROS.
COOK: BOOK /OFFER TO
CLOSE OCTOBER 30.
The Call's Cook JBook prem-
ium offer will close on October
80, 1903, and all readers of this
paper who desire a copy of this
household treasure should not
fail to place their order im-
mediately.
This splendid premium will
be' offered to Call subscribers at
the exceptionally low' rat* of
fifty cents per copy. Out of
town orders twenty cents ad-
ditional to cover prepayment of
trar.sporta.tion charges. .CRUISER TACOMA THAT WAS
GIVEN HER BUILDERS'
TRIAL YESTERDAY.
New Market for Olive Oil.
Charles E. preen, United States Con
sul tat Antofogasta, Chile. In a communi
cation to the Chamber of Commerce.
suggests that the producers of olive oil
in California would find ." a good market
for that product In South 'American ports.
He states that large quantities of olives
and ¦ olive oil are Imported from Europe,
but practically. none from California, and
he is 'sure that the product of this State
would find a ready sale there.-
It is easier to whip some men than it Is
to keep them whipped. Wjjpj
BROKE THIOH BONE.— Patrick Morris, a
wlreworker at the American Wire Works at
Folsomand Fifth streets, was In an Accident
yesterday that broke his right thigh bone. He
fell from a case of material which was being
hoisted In a sling. He was removed to St.
Luke's Hospital, where the bone was set.
Seats are now on sale for the concerts
of the Ellery Royal Italian Band, which
begins a season next Sunday afternoon
at the Albambra Theater.
Royal Italian Band.
• The ceremony will be followed by a
small receDtlon at the Bruce residence
on Jackson street, after which the young
people will follow the venerable custom
of departing upon a honeymoon trip.
The wedding of Miss Bertie Bruce and
Ferdinand Stephenson will take place at
noon to-day at Trinity Church, the Rev.
Clifton Macon and t^e Rev. Dr. Clampett
officiating.
Miss Gertrude Van Wyck will assist as
maid of honor and four of the fairest
maids of the younger set will officiate as
bridesmaids— Miss Bernie Drown. Miss
Ethel Cooper. Miss Margaret Sinclair and
Miss Lucie King. The groom will _be as
sisted by Philip Clay of Oakland* and
Samuel Boardman. Franklyn Wakefleld.
James-K. Moffltt and Eugene Beck will
act rb ushers. . >
To-day at noon Mrs. I. Lowenberg's
breakfast will take place in the Maple
room of the Palace. Over 200 guests will
gather at the* annual function— for such
It has come to be— and from Indications
there will be much toasting, both grave
and gay. But isn't a grave toast a rather
funny thing? ¦' K§3I
The Entra Nous will hold its cotillon
on Friday night at the Maple room of
the Palace. This is the fourteenth year
of the club's existence, during which
time it has given many delightful affairs.
An innovation has been introduced that
promises to abolish that abomination to
dancers— lookers-on who monopolize the
most available seats— for only chaperones
will be permitted the privileges of the
ballroom. It is said that some stunning
gowns are to be shown on Friday night.
One of the most picturesque home wed
dings of the season occurred last night,
when Miss Edyth Wardwell Marion, the
charming daughter of Mr. and Mrs.
Washington Irving Marion? became the
bride of Joseph C. Myersteln, the well
known attorney at law.
The bride, stunning ever, made a rav
ishing' picture in her wedding robe of lace,
enveloped in a filmy veil of tulle.
The bride was given into the keeping
of the groom by her father, and was at
tended by Miss Florence Sankey as maid.
The decorations were unusually effective,
the entire lower floor having been
wrought Into a greenwood bower.
After the ceremony . a reception was
held, when 150 guests extended to the
happy pair the rarest of good wishes and
much good advice. They will be away
for three weeks on their honeymoon trip.
The ceremony was performed by the
Rev. Father Coyle. during which the or
ganist rendered "Call Me Thine Own" In
softest, 'tenderest tones.
After the ceremony a reception followed
at the home of the bride, where the halls
and reception rooms had been trans
formed Into a garden of blossoms. Fair,
Indeed, was the dining-room, where yel
low chrysanthemums and yellow shades
made a fine setting for the gay bridal
party.
The young people left for a month's
tour of Oregon and Washington.
Yesterday the chancel of St. Mary's
Cathedral was aglow with lights that
gleamed from behind countless ferns and
palms, when Miss Elsie Moraghan plight
ed her troth to Dr. Francis Frederick
Knorp in the presence of many friends.
A pretty bride was Miss Moraghan as
she entered the church on the arm of her
brother, Charles A, Moraghan. She was
charmingly gowned in white cloth and
wore a large white hat— a feature that in
the East is considered very "smart" just
now for midday nuptials. The bride was
attended by her sister, Miss Eugenie Mor
aghan, who, too, was gowned in white,
wearing a stunning ermine hat with pink
roses. She carried bridesmaid roses,
while the fair bride's bouquet was of
white orchids. George Knorp attended the
groom.
The Tacoma's hull Is of steel, sheathed
to the water line with teak, which in
turn is sheathed with copper. In the cases
of the little Wheeling and Marietta this
sheathing proved a success. How It will
serve in the c^so of the Tacoma remains
to be seen. Some naval constructors
contend that the combination of the steel
and copper, with the action of the salt
water, will cause decomposition of the
hull through electrolysis, i
The Tacoma is the first of the larger
type of vessels built in Pacific waters to
be copper -sheathed. This protecting
armor is expected to do away with the
frequent docking so necessary with Iron
ships. Instead of docking once in nine
months, as customary,; especially when
navigating tropical waters," it Is believed
that copper-sheathed cruisers like the Ta
coma will require cleaning not' oftener
than once in four years.
S The armament of the Tacoma includes
ten five-inch rapid-fire . rifles, ' eight six
pounders, two one-pounders and
Colt's automatic guns. She will carry~thir
ty officers and 281 men.
bunkers have a capacity for 700 tons. The
engines are four-crank triple expansion
type, with cylinders of 18, 29, 35% and 35V4
inches in diameter, respectively, with 30
inch stroke, making 175 revolutions with
225 pounds pressure.
WEDDING BELLS
RING OUT FOR
v HAPPY BRIDES
Latest Product of Union Iron Works Is Given Her First
Trial and Proves Herself a Wonder, Both as a Rapid
, Traveler and for Ease With Which She Handles
Part II — "Rhapsodie HongTOise." No. 2
(Liszt): son*. "A Summer Night" (Goring
Thomas). Mrs. Katharine Fisk (violoncello ob
ligalo. Mr. I Paul Mlarsch) ; Prelude de Deluge
(Salnt-Saena). violin - obllgato, Mr. ' Nahan
Franko: dance of the sun feast, 'American In
dlan (Waller), Mr. B. Romayne Simmons, ac
companist. '
'This band, to which it would be a
pleasure to listen even In "Yankee Doo
dle," will give the first orchestral music
of . the biggest Hying orchestral figure,
Richard . Strauss— the symphonic poem
"Don Juan"-*-to be played here. The com
position is profoundly Interesting, Intense
ly dramatic and unexpectedly melo
dious and ready of appeal. I heard it at
Stanford University on Tuesday. The
Waller number Is also new and a distinct
ly .1 worthy composition, and the Salnt-
Saena is charming. .
Then Mrs. Katharine' Fisk iii the "Sam
son and Delilah" number is perhaps the
most accomplished of American contral
tos at her best,- and Nahan Franko's fid
dling, is of the best of the art, his Corelll
"Theme and Variations" of the best of
Its literature. Then there is the only mil
lionaire conductor, J. 8. Dues, to see and
to like. What more can one ask?
Yesterday "Chorale and Fugue" was
perhaps the most notable of the pro
gramme's features. It was nobly ren
dered. 'The "Valkyrie Ride" went stun
ningly,' Mr.. Duss' mlllionaireshlp quite
forgotten in the manifest sympathy of his
beat.
Mrs. Fisk has sung better, but delighted
nevertheless with her fine art and charm,
ing presence. v She sang a song composed
by Mr. Duss of more- than ordinary merit,
the Bizet "Adieu du l'Hotesse Arabe" and
the Bruguiere "I Arise From Dreams of
Thee." She responded graciously to. the
many encores.
Mr. Franko's solo was the Sarasate
fantasle "Mignon," and showed Mr.
Franko as a superbly poised and highly
temperamental player. Romayne Simmons
accompanied in accomplished fashion.
The "Don Juan" to-night, remember!
BLANCHE PARTINGTON t
The empty acreage at the Alhambra
yesterday, at the second concert of the
Metropolitan Opera-house Orchestra, was
a lively disgrace to. the town. Presum
ably—and the presumption is an imper
tinence—the absence of Nordica from the
solo list was the reason. This argues us
provincial Indeed, and our musical veneer
of the i thinnest. Not Nordica, though one
is profoundly - grateful - for her, not Mrs.
Fisk, not Nahan Franko as a soloist, are
the bigfact8 of these blgr concerts. It Is
the "orchestra, that most wonderful of In
struments, here in wonderful evidence,
that is their vital attraction.
Here is. a. band of . nf ty-six men, every
man of i them /an artist, virtuosi Of the
first. rank many. of them. It is a band
lovingly welded together by Seidl, Emll
Paur, Mancinelli, Damrosch and their
kind. It Is a band soaked through with
the best music, blood-brothers In art. It
Is a band . that plays , through page after
page " of , Wagner with hardlya glance at
the notes, the nuance of It a simple habit,
the Impeccable Interpretation, an inherit
ance from Seidl, who descended ! from
Wagner, j It is a band to which It Is pure
pleasure to listen, simply for the tone
colors of the Instruments, each splen
didly, characteristic. of Its kind. No mat
ter \what • Is played," the orchestra Is de
lightful, Intimately interesting to listen to.
And when as yesterday, there is a Chorale
and. Fugue of Bach and the "Ride of the
Valkyries" on the programme, there is no
excuse for any, music-lover with the ne
cessary .* nickel and time to stay away.
. To-night another concert will be given—
without Nordica. Here is the programme,
let us.. look at it:
Overture, "Rlenzi" (Wagner): symphonic
poem, ."Don Juan" '.(Richard Strauss); aria,
"Softly Awakens My Heart," from "Samson
arid: Delilah" (Saint-Saens),' Mrs. Katharine
Flsk; dream pantomime from "Haensel and
Qretel" (Humperdlnck); theme and variations
(Corelll), Mr. Nahan' Franko.
NEW CRUISER TACOMA MAKES
MORE THAN CONTRACT SPEED
SWEET MELODY
IS PRODUCED
AT ALHAMBRA
NEW BRANCH EMERGENCY. HOSPITAL.
An additional - branch - emergency hospital
will ¦ be opened on November 1 at the Potrero.
The; building', which has been selected by Chief
Burg-eon Edwin Bunnell, Is on Kentucky street.
between • Eighteenth ¦ and < Nineteenth. . : It Is ' In
a thickly settled region of factories.
At the last held meeting of Lady Lovat
Lodge, auxiliary to Clan Fraser, Order
of ; Scottish • Clans, • the following named
were ' installed I as 'officers . for . the current
term by. Chief, Cormack of Clan Fraser:'
President, Mrs. AVMacpherson; vice pres
ident Mrs. A: .Brown;^treasurer, Mrs.
M. L. Crowe: financial ¦' secretary, Miss
Marshall;, recording secretary,' Miss B."
Skinner; sentinel, Mrs. G. : Boyle; conduc
tress, MrB. William King; organist, Miss
G. Macpherson.
At the same time " the lodge , celebrated
its first anniversary. A splendid - , pro
gramme-was rendered and. refreshments
were", served. A pleasant feature of the
evening was the presentation- of ; beauti
ful bouquets of chrysanthemums to the
ladies who held office last year. The com
mittee ¦ in; charge i of the arrangements,'
which were carried out successfully,, were
Mrs. William Rae, chairman: ? Mrs. A.
Brown. .'Mrs. .. James ¦ Fraser.'- Miss 'Mar
shall, Mrs. M. V. : Crowe, _Mra. William
King' and Miss Annie " King.
Lady Lovat Officers Installed.
Pleads Guilty to Arson Charge.
M. Tsukamoto pleaded guilty to a
charge of arson before Judge Cook yester
day and was sentenced to serve two year*
In San Qucntin. He was charged with
setting fire to a Japanese lodging-house
on Jessie street, owned by K. Komal on
July 22.
Thousands suffer from a short, hacking; couch
who might be cared by Plso's Core.' •
St. Patrick's Alliance Ball.
. St. Patrick's Mutual Alliance will hold
'Its thirtieth anniversary ball at Union
! Square Hall to-morrow night. A large
• and interesting programme has been ar
; ranged and a good time is Insured.
Modern methods, new machinery, new trpe,
causes rood work. Mysell-RoIUns. 22 Clay. *
It was stated that the entertainment
given by the Native Sons of Alameda
County . at Idora Park recently in aid I of
the launching fund will net about $250.
Hereafter the general committee will
meet on the | first | and ; , third Tuesday in
each month, except on the first Tuesday
in November, which' will be election day.
At a meeting of the launching commit-,
tee of the Native Sons of the Golden West'
held in Native Sons' Hall last Tuesday'
night the executive committee. presented
a favorable report on the suggestion that
the Native Sons hold a monster bazaar
or fair for two weeks In the Mechanics'.
Pavilion for the purpose. of raising funds
for the launching of the cruiser'Califor
nia. The committee recommended that
the chair appoint a sub-committee of five
to visit the local parlors and a like com
mittee to visit the parlors in the bay coun
ties for the purpose of ascertaining the
wishes of the membership in relation to
this matter. If a majority of the . par
lors favor .the idea of a monster fair or
bazaar steps will be taken ' to carry out
the same. » Chairman Squires asked 5 for
time to select the committees, and: he was
given until the next meeting to do so. ;
•Treasurer Hazell of the 9th of Septem
ber celebration committee announced that
the profits of the celebration at San Jose
amounted to $1575 75 net, and. he gave a
check for that amount,. which is to be ap
plied to the launching fund. .
Committee Working to Raise Funds
f or*Launcbing of the Cruiser ' ¦'¦
California. ,'. '/?"•'¦
The Tacoma is one of the" smaller cruis
ers' authorized by Congress March 3, 1899.
Her keel was laid in September, 1900, and.
on June 2 she was launched: Her length
over all. is 292 feet, breadth 44 feet 1%
inches, mean draught 15 feet, displace
ment 3200 tons. Indicated horsepower 4700
and contract speed 16% knots. Her coal
NATIVE SONS PAVOB
1 „; .. HOLDING/ A BIO FAIB
VESSEL'S DIMENSIONS.
and both expressed themselves as delight
ed with t the cruiser's conduct. She will
now be prepared for the j official trial,
which will take place in about a week in
the Santa Barbara channel.
Without seeing the Diamond Palace
would be like visiting Europe without
seeing Paris. It Is a leading feature of
San FranciBco, and is conceded to be the
most beautiful jewelry store in the
world. Visitors or purchasers are equally
welcome. 221 Montgomery street, be
tween Bush and Pine. ~ •
To Visit San Francisco
The forty- fourth concert of the Music
Teachers' Association of California was
given before a large audience in Byron
Mauzy Hall last evening. The programme
was an exceedingly pleasing one. as was
evidenced during the progress of the en
tertainment by the frequent encores and
applause. Among the riucldans who par
ticipated In the affair were the following:
Mary McAndrew, Master Mario Roeckel.
Walter King. Samuel Adelsteln, Miss
Clara Pfaeffle, Professor M. Joseph
Roeckel, the Misses Mary and Dorothy
Pasmore, Miss Hasel "Wolfe, Miss Ellen
Roeckel and Miss Dairy Veaco.
Magicians Entertain.
Captain George Harvey of the Mer
chants' and Shipowners' Towboat Com
pany handled the Tacoma's wheel yester.
day and piloted the new cruiser skillfully
through her first paces. She made better
than seventeen knots, and, as her. contract
only calls for 16%. builders and the navy
officers who have superintended her con
struction were, well pleased with the work
of their hands. Everything worked har
moniously throughout the trial, and all
interested in the vessel feel that the of
ficial trial will be a mere matter of form.
that the Tacoma will be accepted and
that -Uncle Sam will shake hands with
himself on his bargain.
Naval' Constructor. Tawresy and Chief
Engineer. Stevenson of. the. navy, who
nave .superintended the building' of the
Tacoma from the time her keel was laid,
were on -board . during, yesterday's r trial,
BEATS SEVENTEEN SNOTS.
In the bay. and she proved her
self a wonder. She exceeded all the con
tract requirements and gave the- promise
of adding a few golden coats to San
Francisco's reputation as a shipbuilding
center. Shapely, and at the same time of
formidable aspect, the new cruiser seems
as nearly a thing of life as can be con
structed from Inanimate matter. When
her engines are turned at full speed she
fairly Jumps through the water, turning
up at each side of her business-like nose
a fountain of spray that at times rises as
high as tho cruiser's hawse pipes. Behind
her she leaves a white, smooth wake, and
the filling of the hole she makes in pass-
Ing through the water sends to port and
starboard a wave that carries the mes
sage of the warship's Bpeed to right and
left for many fathoms. She also handles
like a yacht. "Whirling" more aptly de
scribes her coming about than "turning."
She handles well, travels well, and sailor
men that saw her yesterday speeding to
ward Red Rock say she will prove a
splendid sea boat.
THE sheathed, protected cruiser Ta.
coma, built for th» United States
navy at th« Union Iron Works,
waa yesterday given her first trial
The well-known shoe dealers at 20
Sixth street are getting ready to close
out their stock of shoes. After twenty
five years of legitimate merchandising
one of the oldest and most responsible
ehoe houses In California Is about to
dispose of Its stock of shoes at a sac
rifice. To-day and to-morrow the clerks
begin marking down the prices, and Sat
urday morning at 9 o'clock the greatest
shoe sale San Francisco ever experienced
will be inaugurated at 20 Sixth street,
where $40,000 worth of high grade shoes,
ell well-known brands, such as "Burt &
Packard." Buckingham & Hecht, United
Workingmen's, etc.. for men. women and
children will be sold at sacrificing prices*
DEASY BROS. BETTRI1J"G ' \~y
FBOM THE SHOE BUSINESS
A flne surprise awaits the unsecured
creditors of Eppln&er &. Co. Heretofore
It had eenerally been supposed that out
of the wreck of the grain firm's business
not more than 10 or IS per cent would be
realized to the unsecured creditors. Re
ceiver "Wadsworth said yesterday that he
row thlnks.it probable that what is saved
may amount to 25 per cent
This Increase for the benefit of the
creditors Is accounted for by Mr. Wade
worth as the result of finding: various
properties that were not at first known.
Generally the assets have been largely
disposed of and it is known of what value
they are. having been turned into cash.
The cattle and sheep have been disposed
of to buyers. Yesterday Receiver Wads
worth asked the Superior Court for an
order to sell all that remains in his hands.
"I look for a speedy settlement quite
soon now." said the receiver. "The only
obstacle to petting everything closed up
early l» found in banks which still seem
to entertain the Idea that they have some
ownership in the grain that was in the
warehouses of Eppinger & Co. at the time
the firm suspended business. Their suits
are In court. The receiver does not think
their claims are valid. The time to be
taken in reaching a determination on this
point In the case of each bank interested
Is the leading element of uncertainty when
estimating the time that will be needed
for final accounting. Some of the banks
have not filed any claim."
The value of real estate may reach $50,
000. exclusive of the warehouses at
Crockett, which are estimated to be worth
somewhere from $60,000 to $70,000. The
realty that is held as security by the
London, Paris and American Bank will be
sold, Altogether the various properties of
Epplnger & Co. may bring $350,000 to $600,
000 In cash.
Unexpected Finds Bring Up
Total of Assets to
8550,000.
Twenty- Five Per Cent to
Come Prom Wreck
of Eppingers.
FINE SURPRISE
FOR CREDITORS
THE SAN FKAKCISCO GALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 29,* 1903.
14
AD V JSKTISEM EJTTS.
Sr *^ .# / v El ¦ fi9 1 39 9
39 STOCKTOII STREET.
Telepboae Main 5523.
Here we are again with mor« attractrir*
specials than ever, greater Inducements In
goods and prices.
THURSDAY, FRIDAY and SATURDAY SPECIALS
CREAMERY BUTTER, per square. ...40c
Reg. 45c.
Ton can always depend on th« quality.
MINNESOTA EGGS, per dozen 30c
Aa rood as California Ranch. Reg. 33c.
FAMILY MIXED TEA, per Ib 35c
Rathjen's popular blend. Reg. 50c.
ORANGE MARMALADE, per jar ...... 20c
Re*.. 23c.
Put ud by Chas. Southwell. London.
SEEDED RAISINS AND CURRANTS, put up in
V 1-lbpkgs.. .-.10c
This season's S. £ "W. brand. Reg. 12&c.
BLACK MISSION FIGS. 3 lbs far-.... 25c
More delicious than Smyrna FT**.
CLEVELAND SPLIT PEAS, 5 lbs for... 25c
Res. 4 for 23c.
Cook better than any other.
LEMOINE SARDINES, larga tins 20c
The Monk brand. Reg. 23c.
WHISK BROOMS, eacb .... 15c, 20c. 25c
Best Eastern Make. Reg. 20c. 25c. 3Oc.
We »re catering to family trade and
keep only the finest of Wines and
Liquors, selected by an expert.
BARBEE BOURBON, per bat 75c. gal $3.00
Reg. )1 and $4.
MOUNT YERNON RYE, per bat 95c
Re*. $1.25.
CLARET, per gal 40c
Reg. 50c.
PORT AND SHERRY, per bat 25c, gal $1.00
Reg. 35c— 41.50.
Send postal and wo will mall you our
new catalogue.
Xj^pP^^ FOR \(jp AND ""^^fc^gl "
Baby's bright eyes, rosy
cheeks, firm flesh and sound
limbs are the results of using
Mellin's Food.
You will be glad that you sent for • sample
of Mellin's Food when you see how eagerly
baby takes it. .
MELLIN'S POOD CO.. BOSTON. MASS.
fa a* ¦ By swf \% iysitiM^«"wB
.For Stomach Disorders
Gout and Dvsoepsia
DRINK ,
Best NATURAL Alkaline Water.
i A, VIQinES CO., Soa pxaacLKfti '
AJ>V EATISEUE1TTS. .
> —^>.->. . . . —^-^~~ . •
An Announceinent^
Musical Interest....
We announce with pleasure that we have as soloist for the next — '
ANGELUS RECITAL;
% WMch will b* riven In •
STEINWAY HALL on SATURDAY, October 31,
AT 3 O'CLOCK P. M. t
Mr. Herbert Williams
An exceptionally strong programme has been prepared and Mr. Williams will be heard
in some of his favorite selections. - ¦
MIL PERCTVAX. K. VAN TORX will preside at the piano with the aid of THE AN-
GELUS. The programme will be as follows:
PAET L Efli j PART II.
1. "ttease Macabre" Llszt-Salnt Saens 5. "Rondo Caprlceioso" Mendelssohn
2. (a) "Eprlns Song" ...Mendelssohn - . ¦¦¦¦
(Sonrs without words.) . ¦ 6. "Florence," valse de concert, op. 12.L4ebllng-
<b) "The Jugxlerees" .Moszkowskl • ¦' • '
3. Song-. "Oh Fair. Oh Sweet and Holy" 7. Son*. "Sos-nai" '...:. Schlro
• - • • • -v • • • -¦;•-• Cantor Herbert Williams.
Mr. Herbert' Williams, ,. ... -¦"" ¦** *r
(Accompanied on piano by Mr. 'Van Torx • Accompanied on the piano by Mr. Van Torx
, - -- with the aid of the Anrelua.) with the ' aid : of the ' Ancelus.)
4. "Hymn to the Bun" . '.'.... ....Mancagnl
. _ (From "Iris.") 8. -Rhapsodie Hongrolse, No.- 12.' '...Liszt
These recitals are free to all who wish to come. Complimentary tickets may be had at
the store any time before the recital.
We want you to take this as your personal Invitation . to be present and enjoy - this ¦ mu-
sic «J trtai. lBM{flH3RHIH|SWBSBMIB
SHERMAN,: CLAY &. CO.,
Kcarny and 6 utter Ste., 6. F.
HALE'S. J _j55i5!?l~-~ -~
Hale's Name on a Package Means Good Goods.
Now Buy Petticoats.
See how well fixed Hale's are.
Not only mercerized Sateens, but *l-=5 ones have deep flounces with accordeon
black moires; not only at one price, *'* Ut ' 8 - : -" ' , .,, flnune#
but all prices!^ to $^0, with two, Wj^SZ*""**"* «"~
three and four styles at a price. n _ 5 cae> m whUe ftrlpear
It s a splendid assortment. n-mch flounce.
Fuller now than it has been for fl f2 |225 W . T5 ones have deep
some time on account OI some | gOOd flounces, sometimes with three or four
fortune that lately came our way. fancy scalloped ruffles.
Will you share with-us? B , ack Mo|nj p ett|coats .
TU 95C S f tee?1 PCtt f C^ with $275 °n« have deep accordeon pleat-
Three styles, some of ¦. them with ed flounces
accordeon pleating «^?'?™*,f™5] $3.50. $3.95 and $4.50 ones have deep
ters of tucks, all full with dust rut- tucks and pleated Counces, as well
fles. as a dust ruffle.
13c Sale Embroideries Table Linens.
One of the choicest assort- 5°c quality, 45c.
merits" we have had in a long 75c quality, 68c.
while; cambric and nainsook And all remnants are our to-
edgings up to 854 .in. wide. Tf ' yQu are q{
Then there are dainty inser- Hnens — want think of
tions, headings and ribbon gal- Hale's. ¦ Here's "where you get
loons up to z l A in - wide - good qualities ; where you get
They're such styles as sell regu- closest to factory prices.
larly as bigh as 25c. We put them 45c yard for a cream bleached damask. «*
out for the first time to-day at 13c. t^^^tVi^-^'c^vnT^fZ
7 l-2c for • Embroideries "worth been aoc. we mark it now 43c.
ir»« j 10 1 Or. r K--,-» *,*,;* *** > ard — A splendid white linen. 70 Inches
IOC and 1« 1-*C^ — Cambrics, nain- wide. In a varl»ty of patterns. It's the
«nnk« anH e«»ic«p« tin to 6 inches quality that usually sells at 15c.
sooks ana Swisses up to o inencs rt9 nmIUintJS WMChed an(T unb i ea< .hed
Wide and insertions to 3 inches Wide. linens. 1% to 3 yard lengths; S3c to 15 a
pl<*re.
¦ Odd dozens of napkins are also out at odd
Belts Women Like. """¦
And some no^TTnes they'll be
pleased to see.
' They reduce the abdomen.
We keep right up with fash- And do it in a healthy way— not
ion every day. Any woman $$ffiSJ$SS&$&3&
who cares to dress correctly does away with any unsightly and un-
will find Hale's of much help comfortable bulging.
just now. ; v Miss Bevier, a Corsetiere,
Take the question of a new belt j s here to exp i ain this po infand give
Silk belts In crushed effects are favor- fi j demonstrate it. Of
! M T B flff ;J n s t ° o r . p 2 e^ de soles - JL25 ' course there are other styles-15 dif-
$1.50 and up to $2.50. , , , . TT T -. , ¦ ,~
The silk braid belts are popular. ferent .models in Her Ladyship Cor-
50c. 85c. $1. $1.25, $1.50. Sometimes sets now on display. /
they are plain black. The 50c ones _— . bjbt *3ff
are in white silk; some of them are rfswfc, Jm/ \/eSks!9^SS:
in fancy designs, most of them are .#fjffi $& &^* ""^^^
in the glrdlo effect, tipped with pret- an Jgg[ jb***>* * s & r^ a^^ i ~ iZr
,ty tassels. The buckles are chiefly £& \^^%rOot> O0OO&*^^
in the new oxidized ideas. * 1 ¦ ¦ ¦- - ***^
ADVERTISEMENTS. '''___";__/ 1
$SSSSSS^ Quickly and effectively In all oases of Nervous Headache, Slok
SS^SSSS^ HeacUohe, Lumbano, Sea-Sickness, Car-Slckn«s, Irritability,
SSN$§N>N Periodic, Bearing-down and Ovarian Pains.
vSSSxSSs; "I am very grateful that I have found such a perfect remedy
SvSSSns for headache. I had a sunstroke while In the army, and ever
sSSSS>>x stnjce have auffered great? from headache and biliousness. The
SSxs$sSSSc only thins that ever gave me any relief Is Dr. Miles' Antl-Paln
osNSNSVvJ - Plus, which I have used with satisfactory results for a> number
$$$S§sS§ of years."— M. S. BALLARD. 98 Catllna Ave.. Pasadena. Calif.
S$S>S$S$ . "I have frequently. ut*d Dr. Miles' Antl-Paln Pills for Neu-
SS&sxvsS! ralgta, and they Invariably give speedy relief. Also in traveling.
' ¦cvSxsvnSN am -never without them > to prevent drowsiness and headache."—
nSSSSSSJC B. L. SANFORD. Mg:r. Etna SprlnKB Hotel. Etna Springs, Calif.
x$$$5§§^ ""Two years ago I had a severe attack of La Orippe. and was
5SSS>S§S5 ¦ ' under the doctor's care foT five days without any relief. . Then I
sXSSSSSSS bourht a box of Dr. Miles', Antl-Paln Pills, and five Pain Pills
ScssSNNSN ./ cured me... A abort .time ago I had another attack, but thanks
4?5SSS^C^SJ^ to the Pain Pills I Was soon cured, taking only three of the
* xsyy?!;^ ;^ ga Pills?"— JOHN N. PURTTKMAN. CUendale. Ore. .
Neurarola, RheumatUm, Sciatica, Backache, La i Grippe, Pain In
$$SSSNSK .'"¦.stomach, AQue: Pains, Indiflostlon, Dtexlness. Nervousness and
\N\x\Vsg Sleeplessness. spSsf!
v iSSSSSS^i "Once, and often twice a week, for years I have had spells
: S$$$S$$$ of dull , heavy pains ' across i the .forehead^accompanied -with
§S§^ SalMln heart; arm and shoulders." " 1 find Dr. Miles' Antl-Paln
SSSSSSSS fciu,%erv beneficial, one tablet usually. beinc jiufflclent . to stop
$*$$$$$§ I . the pain."— MRS. LEONA ; ELDER. Wheatland. Calif.
'-¦ S$$VNnS ; "T could not: get along without Dr. Miles' Antl-Pam ; Pills.
xSSxsSx^ Thev give - me ;- almost - Instant relief from ; almost any ¦ pain. '
* $$$$$$$$ I give them toall of.the children. --even the-, baby, and we feel
v$S$$$S$s iif bad effects afterwards. : as one does from most medicines."—
$S$^^S n<x D mrb. IRA ALLEN. 208 Indiana Ave.. Riverside. Calif. ;v
-j §$$S$SS$ A Dr/.MIIea'TAntl-Paln Pills are sold! by all druggists, 23 > centa'a
«^5$$$$$$$$c\ box sunder -a- positive guarantee that the first/box well: benefit
> ss*B*sdhMMkad£fi£kl or money refunded. 3
Thc^Oenuine Dr. Miles* Remedies are never sold at Cut Prices.