Melnik Cap'
tured After
Siege.
Patriots Win
in Two "BaU
ties.
SIX HUNDRED TURKS SLAIN IN KOTCHANI FIGHT;
MACEDONIANS HOLD KRESNA PASS AGAINST ODDS
PRICE FIVE CBNTS.
VOLUME XCTT— NO. 11T.
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 25, 1903.
DISTINGUISHED IRISHMAN WHO HAS DISPOSED OF HIS EXTENSIVE
ESTATE TO HIS TENANTS IN .CONFORMITY WITH THE IRISH
LAND LAW.; tit i" \ r : .": v i ) | '. '.- .- ; ¦/ ._ - f <¦ '.
Continued on Page 3, Column 1.
MELBOURNE, Victoria, Sept 24.— The
Federal Premier, Bir Edward Barton, has
resigned, following his appointment to a
Judgeship In the Federal High Court.
Alfred Deakln. Attorney General, has un
dertaken the task of forming a vow Cab
inet.
New Premier for Australia.
MANILA. Sept. 24.— Lieutenant Oliver S.
Eskridge, Twenty-seventh Infantry, has
Just\been sentenced by. court-martial to
three months'- confinement in. quarters
and a fine of J75 for being off guard duty
without leave. . General George M. Randall
upon reviewing: the decision of the court
added a reprimand. •....'•' ,_
Court Martial Sentences'a Lieutenant.
CHARDON, Ohio, Sept. 24— The Grand
Jury .to-day returned two indictments
against George -H.- and H. N. Ford, the
bankers of . Burton, Ohtf>, who recently
failed, with liabilities aggregating $1,125/
000. The Fords are charged with obtain
ing property under false pretenses in ac
cepting deposits after the officials of the
institution are said to havo known- the
bank was insolvent.
Grand Jury Indicts Bankers.
.HELENA, Mont!," Sept. 24.— A special to
the Indepndent from Elliston states that
another" attempt was 1 made to-night j by
dynamiters to wreck a Northern ! Pacific
train. One or ¦ two sticks of dynamite
were placed on the rail at Sampson , sid
ing, four miles east of Ellison, and were
exploded { by ' the engine of a .westbound
freight The track was badly damaged,
but the engine escaped practically un
hurt No one was injured. This is ; the
fourth attempt made in two weeks , to
blow up Northern Pacific trains on' this
division*
Fourth ' Attempt to -Wreck Trains on
; the Northern Pacific Bail-"'':
• ' road/
LOCOMOTIVE EXPLODES
J. DYNAMITE ON ' RAILS
JACKSONVILLE, . Fla., Sept 24.—
Rumors, of the finding of a treasure ship
off Miami were confirmed to-day, when
Captain Jennings and three, of the crew
of the wrecking schooner Osceo ¦ filed , a
libel against the 'cargo of a sunken ship
In the United States court here. •* • •'- :
With the assistance of a chart in his
possession -Captain Jennings., has been
searching for this vessel from j time \ to
time for many years. It is supposed to
have gone ashore in 1S33, loaded with ore
from the Mexican mines. ' It was 'found in
twenty-five feet of water near. Miami. Its
cargo, which has only been partly exam
ined, has been found \o consist of silver
ore.
After an examination Captain Hardwlck
decided to come back to Marshfleld to In
sure the safety of his passengers and
crew, but a heavy fog had set' In and t"he
Alliance was compelled to lay outside all
night and until to-day noon.
The amount of damage to the Alliance
cannot be ascertained until she is placed
on the beach.- The passengers will leave
overland for Portland by to-morrow
morning's stage.
* MARSHFIELD, Or., Sept. 24.-With
ninety passengers and a heavy cargo of
freight the steamer Alliance sailed last
evening for Portland, and in crossing out
struck heavily, on a reef. She had pro
ceeded on her Journey several minutes be
fore It was ascertained that she was
making water.
"This great victory strengthens the Gov
ernment and win give the free Importers
a. much-needed lesson."
Telegraphing his congratulations to\the
Unionist Association of Rochester on the
result of the bye election held there yw
terday for a (successor in the House \>t
Commons to Viscount Cranborne (nov
Marquis of Salisbury), which resulted In
the Unionists retaining the seat, Joseph
Chamberlain said:
LONDON, Sept. 25.-A King's messenger
who was sent to Lord Milner, who Is at
Carlsbad, returned to London yesterday
with an answer, and as no announcement
was made It la Inferred that Lord Mllner
has declined to accept the portfolio of the
colonies. The public is beginning to dis
play impatience at the prolongation of
the Cabinet crisis. \
Prolongation of the Cabinet Crisis
Is Causing a Noticeable Feeling
of Unrest.
BBHTEH PUBLIC BEGINS
TO DISPLAY IMPATIENCE
Mariner Locates a
Treasure Ship Lost
in 1835.
Alliance in Peril
at Night Off
Coos Bay.
Unique "Protec
tive" Order in
Chicago.
.'.' SACRAMENTO, [ Sept. 24.— Deputy Con
stable H. C. Daken at, Perkins Station,' in
this county, received notice ¦ from • tKe
Sheriff of Sonoma County to-day to arrest
and detain Charles Calvert, a horse thief.
Daken recognized the description as
that of a man- who had worked all sum
mer in the hop fields' and then disap
peared. He started out to see if the sus
pected .person was , in. the vicinity.! and
presently met his man with the horse and
wagon described by ' the . Sheriff. , He
placed the man under arrest and, they
proceeded to Perkins, when the fellow
suddenly sprang from the. wagon. and ran
for the fields with the Constable in pur
suit, u'i^:' . '. i .'.
A chase of some six miles followed, in
which a man named Boland joined. The
thief frequently turned and fired at hid
pursuers and they returned the shots with
pistol firing and called on him .to .halt.
Presently he ran into a farmer's barn and
came out with a haltered horse. Daken
commanded him to 'halt, and as he, re
fused fired to wound, but missed him.
Then a neighbor, -hearing the firing,
brought the Constable a rifle. \ The officer
again commanded -the man to surrender.
For reply the" fellow leveled his pistol and
with an oath: exclaimed: ; . •
••Now I will kill you."
Before he could fire Daken laid him low
with a rifle ball In his throat. He died In
stantly. The. officer, surrendered himself
to the Sheriff and was bidden to go on his
own cecognlzance. 1 . .'/. ,.-•:
Special Dispatch to The CkIL
. CHICAGO, Sept. 24;— "The Firebugs*
Protective Association"— such Is the un
official title of an oath-bound organiza
tion that was* to-day declared by Fire
Inspector Fulkerson to have actual ex
istence In Chicago. Included In its mem
bership are said to be the shrewdest In
cendiaries that ever infested the city. Its
victims, to the extent of thousands upon
thousands of dollars paid of late years
on .losses of buildings and merchandise
by fire, are the" fire insurance companies.
The existence of such an alliance of in
cendiaries In Chicago was disclosed In
the course of : an Investigation of a fire
that took place on September 9 in a little
shoe store at 702 West Lake street. The
circumstances '" surrounding the origin of
the blaze . were suspicious and the pro
prietor of the place, Isadore Welnwurm,
was ' arrested. When he presented a
schedule to the' insurance companies
claiming' a loss, of J220O, . when his entire
stock could have been replaced for a few
hundred dollars, it became at once evi
dent that Weinwurm had powerful friends
at hla back and did. not lack for. money.
Further investigation^ as • to who these
friends were and where the money, came
from led Fulkerson ; to the . discovery of
the organization of professional Incendi
aries engaged in swindling insurance com
panies. ,
Home i Rulers Name Candidates.
HONOLULU, Sept. 24.— The Home
Rulers . held. their first county convention
to-day. Robert W. WIlcox, former' Dele
gate to. Congress, 7 .was ; nominated 1 for
Sheriff and former Superintendent of Pub
lic'' Works ' Boyd named for Super
visor of Oahu County. It was'unanimous
ly decided not to fuse with the Democrats
onlany. office.; : . ..'>.. .' '
Sept. 24. — Accord-
ing to a telegram received
here to-day from Kostendit,
forty-three miles from Sofia, six
hundred Turks were killed in a
fight at Kotchani September 18.
The Turkish force numbered
7000. After the fight the troops,
enraged at their losses, pillaged
arid burned a number of Bulgarian
villages.
: According to unconfirmed re
ports, the insurgents have cap
tured the town of Melnik, sixty
¦
five miles from Salonica. Severe
fighting is reported from Nev
rokop, while telegrams from Hur
gas describe the pitiable condition
of the thousands of refugees who
have arrived there.
The details of atrocities by the
Turkish troops in Monastir are
daily reaching the Bulgarian capi
tal and even exceed in horror
those already published.
The insurgent general staff in
the Monastir vilayet has compiled
an elaborate report of events in
the district of/ Kastoria between
August 2 and September 12. It
comprises a list of twenty-four
villages which were plundered. A
great number of nouses were
burned and 572 villagers killed.
The report gives the names, ages
and manner of death of the vic
tims. According to information
received from other competent
sources the report is not exag
gerated and fairly represents the
situation.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Sept.
24. — The Jjattle of Kresna Pass,
according to the latest advices re
ceived here, is still in progress.
The insurgents are successfully
holding strong positions and their
casualties are slight, only a score
being killed or wounded,* while the
Turks, up to the present, have lost
five officers and 320 men killed
and wounded.
Part of the British Mediter
ranean squadron has arrived at
Suda Bav, Island of Crete, and is
Desperate Battle
On a Road Near
Sacramento.
OATH-BOUND
ASSOCIATION
OF FIREBUGS
WASHINGTON. S<?pt. M— The presence
of Congressman Cannon In Washington
the past few days has elicited the infor
mation that Congressman John E.
K<?tchara of New York is to succeed Eu
gene F. Loud of California, as chairman
of the PostofSce Committee of the House.
This committee is expected to be one of
the most important during the next Con
gress as it will conduct the investigation
of postal scandals, which It Is generally
understood Congress will order.
Congressman Cannon's decision to ap
point Ketcham chairman is the result
of his friendship for George W. Smith of
Illinois. Ketcham does not want the
place. He realizes his inaDllity to fill it.
He Is 71 years old and ranking member
of the committee. Smith stands next to
Ketcham, but Cannon decided he could
not appoint him chairman because Illinois
already has its share of the chairman
ships.
New York Representative Is to Suc
ceed Eugene F. Loud on the
Postoffi.ce Committee.
CONGRESSMAN KETCHAM
TO BE NAMED CHAIRMAN
RULERS WHO SEEK TO AVERT
WAR AND SCENE IN DIS
TURBED AREA.
The closing act represents a popular re
sort at Coney Island, and the characters
Impersonate well-known creations of the
cartoonists of the day, as shown In the
humorous supplements of the' New York
Sunday newspapers. After the play many
floral" pieces were'- carried down to ¦ the
stage, and the audience remained seated
while all the stars* made • speeches 1 of
thanks. ... ; * . .
NEW YORK, Sept. 24— Weber & Fields
reopened' their Broadway playhouse tp
nlght with a new extravaganza, "Whoop-
Dee-Doo," which made a hit. There was
no attempt at a plot, but the f unmaking
never lagged and the . music was bright
and catchy. The scene was laid at Coney
Island. In., the .cast were Weber and
Fields, Lillian Russell (who wore male at
tire in one scene!, Peter F. Dalley, John
Kelley, Louis Mann, Carter de Haven
and Evie Stetson.
The scene is laid in a modern country
house. The play Is very brightly written
and admirably acted by John Hare. Ger
ald du Maurier and others, .while Nina
Boucicault as an Jrish child in the pro
logue and later as the high priestess of
the new faith carried off the chief honors
of the evening.
LONDON, Sept. 24.— J. M. Barrie's new
play, entitled "Little Mary" and rightly
called by the author on the programme
"An uncomfortable play," was produced
at the "Wyndham Theater to-night by
Charles Frohman and scored an unequiv
ocal success. The play is of the same or
der as "The Admirable Crlchton," and the
moral that Barrie in this case seeks to
point out is that the English aristocracy
overeats and; that the upper classes can
be regenerated only by recognition of this
fact.
Nina Boucicault, as an Irish Child,
Carries .Off the
Honors.
NEW PLAY BY BARBIE
. . . SCORES HIT IN LONDON
RIFLE BALL
STOPS CHASE
FOR A THIEF
FINDS SUNKEN
VESSEL WITH
SILVER CARGO
The Duke of. Leinster— Maurice Fitz
gerald, the sixth of the name — Is the pre
mier Duke, Marquis and Earl of Ireland,
which gives a peculiar force to his ac
tion. His estates comprised about 45,000
acres of land, on which stood, surrounded
by vast parks and hunting preserves, his
splendid seat, Carton, near Maynooth,
County Kildare.
nomic life of the country, now becom>
free-holders, paying fair rate of Interest
to the Government for the money
advanced to make them so. A
new century of good feeling and
prosperity begins after ' just one
hundred years of bitterness and hate
following the execution of Robert Emmet
Whether or no the other landlords must
follow the Duke of Leinster's example,
and in time the obnoxious incubus, "Eng
lish landlordism," will be a thing of the
past, after centuries of rack and wrong.
STEAMSHIP
CRASHES ON
A BAR REEF
The Duke of Leinster's action by which
he surrenders— for! an .equivalent, of
course — a principality In area and value
to his tenants, descendants of the former
native owners, is the first actual step to
ward the realization of the purposes of
the British Government and the progress
and hopes of the people of Ireland.
Rack-rented tenants, slaves to struggle
under a system which sapped the eco-
DUBLIN. Sept. 24.— The negotia
tions for the first land sale
under the new land act have
been completed between \ the
Duke of Leinster and the ten
ants of his estate in the Athy
and Maynooth districts of County. Kll
darc. The tenants are given -a twenty
five year purchase. The transaction in
volves $6,250,000.
Premier Earl of the Emerald' Isle Is the»%First to
Observe the Provisions of the New
Land Law.
It is known that three members have
committed suicide, while one or two other
suicides are suspected of having been
members of the club. The police are in
vestigating, with a view of breaking up
the club if possible.
The club seems to be regularly organ
ized, with a good strong membership, all
young women, and holding meetings at
regular intervals. It tran?plres that at
each meeting a new victim is chosen 'by
lot, who Is to "pass off" before the time
for the next meeting by one of the ubual
methods adopted In such cases, the partic
ular mode being optional with the candi
date.
The fact of the existence of the organi
zation became known to the police during
the investigation into the death of Grace
Ashton, its latest victim. She went by
the "morphine route" on a third attempt,
both of the previous attempts having
been frustrated through the seasonable
discovery by friends.
During the- investigation into the cause
of the death of Miss Ashton it was dis
covered that another young woman, a
friend of Miss Agtit.bn, .ha-!' attempted sui
cide by taking antiscpticido.. but had:ra
covered, and it was through her that the
existence of the club was .made known/ "
'BOISE, Idaho, Sept. 24.— Boise has a
fully organized suicide club. That it is
ready for business and has already tran
sacted some is shown by the fact that at
least three of its members have "passed
off" by the suicide route within a period
of as many months.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Steps ere already under way to pre
sent this situation to the proper authori
ties in Washington, with a view to pre
vent the men now at work on the sur
veying gangs on the reservation profit
ing by their scheme.
The disposition of the. Indians toward
the 6cttl«rs who will move upon their
lands ar.d the possibility of an outbreak
are attracting considerable attention.
There are already mutterings of discon
tent among the red men and a detail of
troops has been asked for from the Gov
ernment to prevent any serious trouble.
The Indians are bitterly opposed to the
reservation being opened to the settle
ment of white men and frequent councils
of war are being held by the tribes.
Every effort is being made to appease
the red men, but it is feared that there
will be trouble when the opening occurs.
SALT LAKE. Utah, Sept !4.-Tbe ac
cusation is made that the surveying party
now at work in the Uintah Indian res
ervation is largely composed of mining'
men, who obtained the positions for the
sole purpose of doing a little prospecting
"on the Bide," In th«« hope of being able
to locate good mines in the mineral belt
which runs through the large tract of
land. It is alleged that in the surveying
parties now supposed to be at work lay
irg off the reservation and establishing
the boundary line preparatory to it being
thrown open for settlement there are
tnlnlrg men who have been emploved by
the State officials for the express pur
pese of prospecting- the reservation. The
assertion Is made that men of means and
business standing— even well known capi
talists—are acting as rodmen, stake driv
er*. *-t?ainnj«i end catnp servants for the
purpose of locating- claims in advance of
the general public and thereby profiting by
their early visit -to the too soon to be
opened reservation.
Special DSepatcn to The Call
Will Pick Out Claims and
Join Rush When Uintah
Tract Is Opened.
Novel Scheme for Lo
cating Reservation
Mining Land.
Young Women Said to Be
Selected by Lot for a
"Passing-Off."
Police Investigate a
Series of Violent
Deaths. f
Act as Servants
in the Camps of
• Surveyors.
Strange Organiza
tion Operates \
ID. JB01S6.
RICH MEN
DOING WORK
OF MENIALS
IDAHO CLUB
SENDS GIRLS
TO SUICIDE
IRISH TENANTS ACQUIRE
VAST LANDED ESTATE OF
THE DUKE OF LEINSTER
The San Francisco CallNEW YORK. _ Sept. ; 24.— The Hrst LIpton
America Cup challenger. Shamrock I, Is re
ported to have been sold to George de Pinna
of this ' city, .who will probaoly convert the
yacht into a schooner for cruislntr. The pur
chase price was not mentioned.
¦W ATHENA, Kans., Sept. 24.— Officers
here and at St. Joseph think that a v*ry
important capture was made, here this
afternoon which may be a clew as to
who held up the Burlington train near
St. Joseph Tuesday night. Sheriff Ram
sey of Troy arrested William Mun.iie on
an old. warrant charging" him with an at
tempt to kill. Munsie slipped Into Wa
thena last night and waa at his father's
house " when, captured. He fills the de
scription of one of the Burlington train
robbers, _ r— --- ¦ —•- -- - - _. .
Suspected of Train Robbery.
NEW YORK, Sept. 24.— "Larry" Sum
merfield and 'John M. "Wilson, arrested
here on a warrant Issued in Philadelphia
charging the larceny., of 121,000 from
George A. McLean,,, an iron and steel
manufacturer . of Pittsburg, -were rear
raigned to-day. Bail was increased from
J5000 each to $7500. They secured bail. The
allegation is that the defendants sold Mc-
Lean-seven thousand shares of Montana
Copper Mining Company stock at $3 a
share, securing J21.000.-~:
,The Montana Copper. Mining. Company,
It is. charged, Is without legal existence.
Two Fhiladelphians Are Accused of
Selling Stock in a Mythical
V;-; ; -^ Copper Company.
ALLEGED SWINDLERS
ARE RELEASED . ON TtATT,
HON6L.UL.U, Sept. 21.— Judge G. D.
Gear of the First Circuit Court of the
Territory In a decision rendered by him In
the case of a Chinese accused, of selling
opium illicitly holds that the Territorial
criminal laws are defective in that the
most trivial offenses, including drunken
ness, are legally classed with infamous
crimes, which require an indictment by a
grand jury in Territories under the Fed
eral constitution. Judge Robinson con
curs with Judge Gear in. his decision. The
decision places the police in a serious di
lemma inasmuch as they cannot enforce
the most unimportant police regulation
without the aid of the Urand Jury.
The imperfections of the criminal laws
of the Territory are said to be due to the
failure of Territorial Legislatures to make
tho statutes of the monarchy and repub
lic of Hawaii conform , to the United
States constitution. The advisability of
holding an extra: session for the purpose
of curing defects In the laws is being dis
cussed. . . .,'
Extra Session of the legislature May
Be Called to Remedy the
Existing Defects.
HAWAIIAN CRIMINAL LAWS
FOUND TO BE DEFECTIVE
t In the morning the stage driver put
the valise aboard without looking into it
and delivered it to Harrigan at the hotel
in the evening. When Harrigan opened
it ha found it contained not his money,
but a brick wrapped up In a twine sack.
The weight was almost equal to that of
the sack of coin.
The supposition Is that somebody who
knew that the money was in the stage
office entered it with a skeleton key and
substituted the brick for the money. Har
rigan has several detectives working on
the case. . •. .
FRESNO, Sept. 24.— One of the cleverest
and most mysterious thefts ever perpe
trated in this, county took place last Fri
day* night at Sanger. "
Con Harrigan, proprietor of the Sequoia
Hotel at Millwood, had forwarded to him
Friday from the Bank ' of Central Cali
fornia,-in this city, a sack of coin amount
ing_to ?1500. The money went as fax as
Sanger by the express company, and was
called for there by John Price, manager
of the stage line to Millwood. Price put
the sack of coin In a valise and carried
it to the stage office, putting it In a locker
for safe keeping.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Hotel Proprietor Mar
vels at Contents
of a Valise.
The speech-making over, "The Birds','
alighted upon the stage and with their
antics and bantering of the gods from
above entertained for still another hour.
The formal taking- over of the theater
by the students will be marked by a
great university meeting this morning in
the theater. , To mark the etudent . par
ticipation there will be very brief talks by
.Ezra.-jD.ecoto^OO. and Richard Tully ¦ '01.'
The^address of theKday\will be delivered
by the ''Most •;. Rev. George ¦ Montgomery,
coadjutor, archbishop of San Francisco.
-Ben" Greet,-" manager of the' company " of
English players. .' who will present
".Twelfth * Nlght ! ' in the theater, on Sati
urday, will also speak. .;
Many of the universities In the East are
modeled on those abroad and are largely for
the sons of the favored few. Many of them
f oeter a feeling of sniffy superiority, a distrust
of popular rights, of popular education, of unli
versal suffrage, of most of the things that have
made this country great. Many of them de
velop a certain snobbish class distinction which
ought to have been forever forgotten when this
nation was founded.
They cannot encourage complete independ
ence because they are themselves dependent
on the endowments of a wealthy class and are
correspondingly hampered and restricted by
the timidity and prejudice of that class. - ,
This university is dependent only on the
State — that Is to eay, on the people.
Here . there is nothing to prevent anybody —
professor or student — from thinking if he is
capable of thinking, and thank God all of them
are capable of thinking and all of them exer
cise that blessed American privilege. , ¦
This university offers the most perfect In
dependence, the fullest equality and the freest
opportunity. It does not invite the sons of any
special part of the community, but - stretches
forth Its arms - lovingly to the youth of ¦ the
whole people. Here there is no distinction
save that of brains and industry. A university
such as this Is > a superior public school and
the crowning glory of our American public
school system. Truly -I am proud and happy
to ' be associated ¦ with it as I have the honor
to be to-day. . • >¦ :;
: and students, in behalf of this great concourse
representing the State which the university
is set here .to serve, I thank the giver for his
gift;
WORDS OF THE DONOR.
Mr. Hearst's name was omitted from
the list of speakers for the day at his
own special request, but at the last mo
ment he consented to epeak. He was
greeted with much applause. He said: .
My Friends: Mr. Weed is resuonslble for
the selection of this admirable and appropriate
site, and- I wish to - compliment him upon It
most highly; Mr. Howard is responsible for the
designing and construction of this beautiful
theater, and I wish to express my sincere ad
miration for him and his work; my mother is
responsible for the interest ' I have' taken in
this particular project, and I wish to thank
her most heartily,
' As for me/ 'I feel very much like the small
boy who belonged to the baseball team. Some
body said to lilmi ."Sonny, what . position do
you play on the nine?" And the small boy
said: "Ob, I don't play no position. I Just
belong."
I feel as if I Just belonged, but I am very
happy to belong and very proud to be asso
ciated in some way wltk this great university.
I believe that this university will eventually
be the greatest in the world because it is the
most thoroughly American. It is thoroughly
American and characteristically Californlan,
and no Institution can possess both of those
qualities and fail to reach the top.
¦ I Bay It is thoroughly American because I
believe that the essential elements of American
' progress and development are independence,
equality and opportunity, and I think this uni
versity possesses and expresses in the highest
degree the true spirit of Americanism.
FAVORS BROAD VIEWS.
REDDING, Sept. 24.— Frederick Craven
Jr., aged 24 years, was this afternoon
found guilty of murder in the second de
gree for killing Frank Rowe, a half-breed
Indian, at TVhltmore on December 29 last.
The verdict contained a recommendation
that the court in passing sentence impose*
the least penalty provided by law for
such a crime. That is ten years' impris
onment. Sentence will be passed Satur
day.
Rowe and Craven quarreled over 25
cents in a card game at Whitmore and
the killing resulted. Craven came to Red
ding and offered to give himself up. but
was not wanted, as the details of the
tragedy which first reached the District
Attorney showed Craven to have acted in
self-defense. The Coroner's inquisition re
sulted in Craven's arrest. In the mean
while he could have left the country had
he been so minded. The first trial, held
last May, resulted in a jury standing six
for acquittal and six for conviction for
manslaughter. Tha jury Irivthe second
trial after being out twenrV-one hours
reached to-day's verdict. ,
Young Han of Shasta County Found
Guilty for Killing a Half-
Breed.
YOUTH MUST SERVE
YEARS IN A PRISON
FINDS A BRICK
INSTEAD OF COIN
This building is the creation of • its archi
tect, but in its type and in its details of design
it is, I am conscious," as finely representative
of the donor's personal taste as in its solidity
and Its dimensions It Is representative of bis
strength and ¦ his .- largeness - of* *heart> » Jn» ; be»
half. ©£ : the - university, the . regents, faculty
Th« university has long stood in sore need
of an auditorium ample enough for Its great
meetings and the celebration of Its chief fes
tivals. Once it has used a huge tent and
the winds sported with its roofing: and would
have none of It; once and again it tried the
gymnasium, and the roof sported with the
speaker's words till the wind bore them away;
twice at least for the university's annual fes
tival and repeatedly for others. It has trusted
Itself to the open California sky and not
having been deceived has learned ' that the
Greeks of the West must follow the Greeks
of the East. But temporary building for each
occasion involved expense, toll and danger. A
permanent structure was our great need, and
help for our need came from a source hard
by whence timely help has come before; and
the fine spirit In which this I help was given
speaks In the giver's straight, simple words:
"I am Interested in this university and want
to help It This is no great thing, but it
seemed to be a need and I am glad to supply
it. I hope to be able to do more for the uni
versity in the future.* I am particularly, glad
that the building .takes the form "of an an
cient classical' structure, for. this accords 'with
my owji personal lnterestj.ln the classics."
THEATER "WAS NEEDED.
In building our theater on a site already
dedicated we follow an ancient and honorable
precedent. A hundred years before the old
Athenians niade the beginning of a perma
nent structure on the spot where now rest the
glorious ruins of their theater the people had
been used to assemble on the hillside over
looking the old orchestra, the dancing circle
at the southeastern foot of the acropolis, to see
the choral dance and hear the plays of Phrynl
chus and Aeschylus and ' Sophocles, of Crat
lnus, Eupolls and Aristophanes. As time went
on they built for the spectators seats of wood,
lkrta they called them. They were veritable
bleachers In the fact, and as bleachers often
do, these once at least collapsed and once
notably during an unusually interesting per
formance of a play of Aeschylus— an occur
rence which set people a thinking: as well as
smarting and turned their thoughts' in the
absence of Portland cement toward seats of
stone. They built or tried to build at various
times, but not until the drama was well
toward the completion of Its second century of
residence in Athens did the good times of
Lycurgus bring the stable building which after
centuries of goodly use we now identify as
the Dionyslac Theater of Athens. That we in
these our earlier days can partake in the great
festival, can see openly, hear distinctly, and
sit securely we owe to the munificence of his
mother's son, William Randolph Hearst.
We dedicate to-day a new. structure on
Bround already consecrated. The well estab
lished usage of the graduating classes Ion;?
since appropriated this hillside to mystic rites
and set epart this spot to be a temenos". of
Dlonysos. These solemn trees that now look
down upon us have acquainted themselves well
through years of patient attendance with v all
the various ritual that makes up the service
of the sovereign god of dramatic art, and n«re
they stand to-day ¦ familiars to the romping
satyrs and the trooping maenads and guard
ians of the sacred revels. This day they shall
have Joy beyond their wont to see the worship
of the feast enacted by their old feathered
friends of the tribe of birds.
WHEELEB GIVES FACTS.
:\Pre'siclent / Wheeler then delivered the
aedtcatbry'addre'ss, which ended with a
tribute ; to 'Mr. Hearst for his generosity
in .'providing the university with a great
glft^He said: :
on the other hand, without a sincere and rea
soned reorganization of every element (as I be
lieve the Greeks worked with their antiquity),
before it was permitted to enter into the com
pleted scheme. The theater is thus a closely
woven web of old and new, of traditional
methods and of free design.
We have tried to keep in mind the need of
glvirg to our work a character at once grace
ful .and dignified— warmly pure in its detail,
generously free in its proportions, delicate in
finish, bold in modeling'.
If when completed.lt proves to be-all this,
then, indeed, will it be -something far better,
for It will show Itself one In spirit -with this
great university and this great State, i
As the plans for reconstruction of the uni
versity so on may we all keep in our minds
and apply to each successive building the words
of the poet:
Build thee more stately mansions, O my soul.
As the swift seasons roll. «
Leave thy low vaulted past. ¦
Let each new temple, nobler than the last.
Shut thee from heaven 'with a dome more vast.
Till thou at length art free. •
Leavlng^thineoutgrown shell.by life's unresting
.seat, . •..: *•-¦•,, ,...-
"CALIFORNIA'S" GREEK THE
ATER AND SOME ACTORS IN
"THE BIRDS."
BAKER CITY, Ore.. Sept. 24.— Anderson
Garred, who shot and killed A. J. Mc-
Kinnon, former Sheriff of Harney Coun
ty, Oregon, at Guerneville, Cal., Septem
ber 8, was 'seen in this city to-day.
" Garred was arrested by Constable
Thornberg at Granite tha other day for
stealing a pair of shoes. The constable,
did not know he had arrested for petty
larceny a man wanted for murder, until
his attention was called to the fact by
a notice in a paper to that effect. He
went back to the jail to see that the pris
oner was more closely confined, only to
find that the man had escaped.
Thornberg is positive, since he saw the
picture sent out by Sheriff Grace of So
noma County, California, that the man
ha* had in jail was Garred, and this is
confirmed by several people who saw the
picture of Garred who declare that they
saw him on the streets of Baker yester
day and to-day. Officers are searching
for him to-night.
Slayer of Former Sheriff
Makes Escape*From
JaiL
-i. Countless suggestions in the Interpretation of
natural 'conditions have been taken, obviously
from the works of classical-antiquity, but always
with an eye open. I hope, to, the dictates of our
American — our' California?*— civilization. This
building ia> nof^naerely;.an->archeologlcal study,
though niutfh; consulting ,of antiquity has con
tributed "to its creation. No line, no surface,
no slights deUH/vfcas.: been fixed In its de
sign without ' the careful consideration of all
the documents to- which .we have had > access. In
a ej>irlt of deepest reverence for the past; 'nor.
' A filial ' gift to mother State from a eon
whose career is opening out in ever wider %nd
more Influential circles, this auditorium has
the added charm of being. In a Eense, a filial
gift to the human- mother, for It contributes no
mean share 'to • tljat great scheme — the Pbebe
¦A. Hearst, architectural plan. Sketch or fin
ished work. -jit has been our aim to keep it
.worthy, ol'idf. place in that supreme unit
A FILIAL GIFT.
And then we have essayed to come close to
nature, too, in the very lines and form of our
conception. We have taken our cue from the
oldtlme hollow in the hills which ' all men
.knew as Ben Weed's Amphitheater. And we
'have done as little as might be to change it.
bringing order out of its Irregularities, state
liness out of its suggested opportunities. If
Its proportions are useful and -agreeable let
the . praise be nature's. We have followed
where she led, as simply and as closely as
we could — wherein we have fallen short, call
the fault not hers.
As we are using it to-day, the theater is no
more ; than a sketch of what- we hope It will
one day becom*. We have beheld a vision which
In majesty and beauty shall In, the fullness of
time- rival the temples of old Greece. Is It to
remain a vision? . .''.'•'
• If the building within which wo are gathered
fail of greatness otherwise, it has at least this
merit — that it is built firmly on good stuff.
Mother earth has no surer nor more enduring
foundation for work of man than these walls
rest upon. No more lasting elements hath she
than those of which this structure is made
up, for they aro of her very fabric This
building springs, racy of the soil, out of the
earth Itself ', of which it forms a part. In its
erection we have returned well nigh to the
primitive methods of prehistoric time and
built our bouse of mud. Ah! such mud pies
as we have played with here!
• The - arts are- so many languages — various
means of communication betwixt a man and
bis fellows. But as all tongues are not equally
Intelligible It i Is perhaps not unseemly that
some sort of word-of-mouth commentary be
given on" what "is spoken here' In stone.
Not solely by the play of the imaginative
faculties can architecture achieve. It must
grow out of ' positive human needs and must
conform with - practical conditions. .. It is this
art'» peculiar privilege and its special diffi
culty that It must stand on. common-sense. It
it Is to rise, untotterihg, to greatness.
HOW THE ABTS SPEAK.
: -An architect feels that i when he has said
his say ln'-terms of his own art he has a right
to- -be., excused .from verbal' utterance. He
roaywdl-'paratihrase'the epitaph of Sir Chris
topher; Wren,, upon whose 'tomb we read "Si
Jmonumentum requiris. circumspice" ("If you
would, see his monument, look around."). &o
I might eay. -"Wauld -you have speech, hear
this architecture."
When President Wheeler saw the place for
the first time he was struck with the fact it
was a Greek theater in embryo. He called
Mrs. Hearst's attention to the possibilities of
the place and our dear lady gave to her son,
William Randolph Hearst, the suggestion
which he acted on and which has brought us
together so happily to-day. And, Mr. Presi
dent, —I cannot refuse myself the pleasure of
thanking Mr. Hearst and congratulating him
on the fine generosity with which he has
established in our midst this monument to
the genius of Greece, this silent witness that
we live in the lands of the gods.
f President Wheeler then read a letter,
¦Which -mr said -came -from a loyal gradu
ate of the university-rGovernor George
C. .'Pardee. .Cr/Pardee'said : he regretted
thutthe 1 pressure' of .business.did^not per
mit.'Him';, to .be'.prisenfat^the'- dedicatory
ceremonies. > In; . intro'ducing ' John "Galeij
Howard, 1 supWvtsirig'af chitecVof- the ?u' nl f
versltx and the . architect t of the Greek
rtheater,,' President saTd {that "tha
architect *had* "modeled j'it> after an an
cient GfeekHheater: set under a Greek sky
and. for' the us;e A of avpeople peculiarly
Greek 'in* characteristics." Replying, Mr.
Howard Eald: v ¦.¦ ¦'... * ,-
structure sta,nds. At the time it seemed that
it might have been formed by a land slide
many years before. It was shaded with trees
and was apparently what we wanted. Within
a few days Robert Mann, a classmate, visited
the place with me. We tested its acoustic
properties and found them excellent, and we
were sure that ever} body in- the audience
would be able to see. So we reported the
matter to the class and invited them to visit
the spot.
The i»lay which we presented was a com
posite, many members of the class had a
hand in the making of it, but those who had
it more directly in charge were MaHa Oastle
houn, Jessica I'cixotto. Ed Wilder, Gt'.ctt Bur
jress, who was at that time an Instructor in
the university, and Frank Norris— dear Frank,
he ought to be here. The play was based on
the German Vehmgerichte, the secret courts
that flourished in Germany In the middle ages.
The framework cave an abundant opportunity
to present the incidents of our college life,
and initiate into our mysterious rites and priv
ileges the candidates from the class of '95.
In reviewing the?e events of nine years ago
the following points «em to me to stand out
Clearly in the light of to-day. The selection
of the amphitheater wa3 fortunate; but the
most fortunate, the happiest feature of all
was that rpoortunlty and inspiration were
given for the building of thls^Qreek theater.
PRESIDENT BEHOLDS SITE.
OFFICERS LOSE
THE FUGITIVE
But the class of '04 had in mind the presen
tation of a fpectacular oerformanee in which
all the das» should take part in costume
For this purpose the old place was ill adapted
It was not large enough, and only those in
favored positions were able- to' bear and see
¦with any decree of comfort. • The necessity of
finding •• better place was evident.- and.
though unauthorized, I started out to do so.
Fortune led me to the fpot on which this
When President Wheeler, who happened
to be one of those persons in the latter
day habit, called the audience to atten
tion a little after 3 o'clock and those
"Tooters" turned their satire on him with
a mockery of one of his own phrases, "It
Is good to be here," the audience laughed.
13ut when President Wheeler returned the
compliment a moment laier by flinging
the phrase back at them the audience
laugher louder. Mr. Wheeler said;
"It indeed Is good to be here. It is good
to have you all here. It is good to have
the architect here. It is good to have the
discoverer here. And it is good to have
« the giver of this gift here. What could
be more fitting than that on this occa
sion the first speaker should be the first
-who strolled upon this hillside one day
and found this spot— Ben Weed?"
Mr. Weed was graduated with the class
of '94 and he is a school teacher now
somewhere in the neighborhood of Santa
. Rosa. But when he left the university
he left an undying name, for the natural
' amphitheater he happened upon will al
ways bear his name, even if there is an
artificial theater on the spot. Mr. Weed,
In full academic regalia, said to the au
'tfience:
When the class of *91 reached the last term
«f their senior year the manner of observing
class day became a matter of considerable mo
ment, for there were many in the class who de
sired to break away from the traditional ob
servance and institute what they believed to be
a more pleasing ceremony. Before this time
the celebrations were held in co-efl canyon, a
Tittle distance east of the agricultural buildingC
The programme consisted of a class history, a
class poem, a prophecy, and- a dispensation*
These werf. as usual, very amusing to those
•who were intimately acquainted with the -mem*
bers of the class, but there was little of real
Interest for the invited put his, since an. apt
•preclation of the humor hi- a largre -meas
ure dejoended on a knowledge of the poingi
3 r.<i comings and various escapades of ;ibe grad
uates. The dispensation was made a* ludicrous
z.t> possible and was the only feature of the
exercise* that was in the least dramatic. "The
disi»ensator. who usually appeared In 'SbnxJ
.comical Karb, Etrov* to present to . eabh member
of the claps something indicative of .that gm
der.t's peculiarities or shortcomings. :, J rfjeem
¦ber to have *oen a set of boxing gloves given
to a student who had shown a very pugnacious
rnlrit during his college life; ancther bad the
j:.k: k of a donkey's head placed over Jiis own;
and one who had paid particular' attention t«
the military department was given a toy sword.
In presenting these irlfta the dispensator en
larged upon the salient characteristics of hit
victims and offered such advice at he saw Ct
— usually humorous or Bittirical. Such, In brief,
were the class day exercises of old — very elm
pie, and, to those on the inside, very amusing.
WEED TELLS THINGS.
JOY PREVAILED.
Utma raaOU are all Greeks."
£ That was what President
Benjamin Ide Wheeler told
jf a vast audience at the ded
¦5a ieation^of the Greek open
air theater at the Univer
sity of California yesterday.
And so it was— the atmosphere, the fla
vor of the whole thing ¦was Greek from
beginning to end. To begin with it had a
perfect Greek setting. The theater of
blocks of molded earth, rising tier upon
tier above the arena, and the great stage
stretching between tvro great pillared
masses, was even an improvement on the
Dlonyeiac theater of the old Greeks of
Athens. The day might nave been an
Athenian day, for nature was at her very
best and she sent here light and warmth
out of a flawless sky. The people— the
Gretics of the West— were there In their
gayest costumes, and their western good
nature, emulating the Greeks of the East
And last, to make the picture a- master
piece, there came a Greek play, a com
tdy of twenty-four centuries ago, with its
¦witticisms and unique conception, to set
those Greeks of California a-laughjng —
"The Birds" of Aristophanes.' After all
It v.-as only a turning back of the hands
of the clock a few centuries.
There was only one thing that kept the
spectator from thinking himself an
Athenian Greek and that was the appear
ance In the arena of men in the garb of
this day and generation and speaking a
language that Is familiar to us all. No
there was one other thing that did this—
the "rooters" from the student body, the
bellows-lunged of li»03 A. D.. with their
"'Ocki wow wows" and their "Hail Call
fornias." These young men simply tore
great holes in that yielding California air
and turned the hose of laughter on every
thing that happened t*o touch their funny
bones. The appearance of William Ran
dolph Hearst, with his wife, and Mrs.
Phoebe Hearst, his mother, with the
other members of their party, who held
seats on the edge of the arena, was the
signal for a great burst of applause from
the "rooters" and Mr. Hearst was com
pelled to doff his hat a number of times in
acknowledgment of the appreciation of
the students to the donor of the theater.
As in Greek .days the figurea wore
masks, very cleverly made, and the cos
tumes, owls, crows, eagles, TVe re all'con
spicuously picturesque and ingenious One
after : another, until twenty-four were
there. %he "birds hopped, skipped and flew
to tAe stage, crowing, cawing and pack
ing at the trees behind in comically real
istic fashion. Then froxa the tree trunk
whereon the great nest rested Pistheta
erus enters .with Euelpides, hi3 servant,
and the action begins.
Pisthetaerus plans the building of a city
in the air of which he la to be king and
the birds with marvelous quickness build
it, leaving him without his characteristic
grumble. This Is soon remedied, however,
for Iris, the spirit of the rainbow, tres
passes upon the new domain. Pisthe —
and the rest of it— is again comfortably
discontented and has "kicks"- on hand for
the rest of the comedy. Prome'theusV rebel
to Zeus' authority, comes then to tell him
of the weakness of Zeus' -rule and then
Heracles. Poseidon and Triballus, envoys
of the goda. come to make terms With the
successful adventurer. Pisthetaerus ends
up, as frequently in real life, wlta a beau
tiful bride, a full purse and a kingdom
at his feet. \ .
The cast was remarkably efficient, and
much praise is due to those who trained
the players.
The huge comedy nest, with Its colossal
egg on the altar at the back of the
"orchestra." prepared one for the fun of
"The Birds." and though its language
was foreign to most* there was plenty
of its humor as Intelligible to-day as
when the comedy \ras first played. Pls
thetaerus, a political adventurer, who
turns everything to his own cnd3 and is
a magnificently self-satisfied person, be
comes disgusted with Athens and goes to
live In the klnsdom of the birds. The
comedy is the account of his subjugation
by guile and what we now occasionally
call "gall" of the feathered folk. Though
the political trickster's local allusions and
much else are now lost, the sly malice
and brilliant skill with which Aristoph
anes has- drawn the character _, are still
apparent. We find first the chorus, here
all of birds, and dumb save for bird-calls
fluttering and flopping- from the entrances
on to th* staee. i>'.J, : .-:. v
cant event of the dramatic year
In America. Under Greek skies. In the
heart of a Greek gTove, was gifted to a
people who have not carelessly been called
the Greeks of the West, a Greek temple
of the drama. It was impossible for the
coolest not to thrill to tho suggestion, to
the sight of the colossal crowd that filled
every Inch of the magnificent spaces of
the great building. It was a festival
never to be forgotten, the baptism, per
haps, of the coming national drama.
Strange it seemed at first to see aught
but the chiton and sandal of the Athen
ians against the classic background of
the auditorium, so eminently is the classic
atmosphere suggested. The theater, fash
ioned after the famous theater of Epl
daurus. Is in the heart of a grove of great
trees, the stately shell of the auditorium
leaning against a circling hill. The
"stage," with it3 severe platform and
majestic background of Corinthian col
umns, Is a noble picture In Itself. Below
It Is tho "orchestra," the ring wherein
the action takes place, wherein was given
yesterday the first Greek comedy pre
sented In America, wherein to-morrow
may be given— what?
"Rah! Rah! Rah! California!"— the mod
ern note was soon sounded. From base
to rim of the middle- section of the shell
sat the college boys, each with a mighty
throat of his own. Though the crowd was
handled with notable competence by the
college ushers, the' performance was na
turally somewhat late. But the Intermez
zos were lively and frequent. When Mrs.
Phoebe Hearst and William Randolph
Hearst arrived the youths cried "Rah!
Rah! Rah!" For Ben Weed, who dis
covered the happy hollow In the hills
where the theater now stands, they yelled
"Rah! Rah! Rah!" They yelled with
right good will for President Wheeler, for
President Jordan, for Professor John Ga
len Howard, and when there wasn't any
body to yell for they yelled, whistled and
crooned college songs for themselves. To
any manager fearful of the success of a
play I recommend the college youth. He
makes the yawn a» extinct - aa u>« d<?4o
bird — talking of birds. To be dull or crit
ical In his lively vicinage Is Impossible
and as an entertainment between waits
he is also a bird. Yesterday until Pres
ident Wheeler. Mr. Hearst and Ben
Weed took the stage, he was a host In
himself. My gratitude to him.
"Mr. President, are you a bird? Is it
good to be here?" he yelled as the presi
dent took the stage.
Gravely the president answered then:
"It is good to be here," and introduced
to the audience Ben Weed as the fittest
person to speak first in the ceremonial
exercises.
"This will be a shrine where we can
meet the gods face to face," Mr. Weed
said In closing, and looked round at tho
vast place that grew from a psalm about
a fallen redwood tree some ten years ago.
John Galen Howard, architect of the the
ater, then spoke some great-hearted
words of hope for his art and the uni
versity, and President Wheeler followed
with further speech of noble prophecy.
Then Mr. Hearst, giver of the splendid
theater, gracefully deprecated the grati
tude of the university by saying that it
was at the suggestion, of his mother; Ulrs.
Phoebo Hearst, whoso generosity to the
university is a matter of familiar knowl
edge, that the gift had beenjmad*. Then
for Mr. Hearst the boys yelled "Rah!"
w^th a tiger, and then commanded lustiLVw
"Bring on .the birds!" - ¦ .*"f*
"The Birds." next to "The Frogs" the
finest comedy of that mischievous satirist,
Aristophanes, was tho play chosen £o>
dedicate the new stage. The scenes rear
resented were arranged and- chosen by
Professor Flag, who also authored and
authorized the free translation that was
offered at the theater yesterday, The af
fair was under the direction of Professor
Richardson, who must be congratulated
on the notable success of his efforts A
large chorus, under Professor H. J. Stew
art's competent direction, sang the ap
propriate accompanying music of Joha
Knowles Palno and added largely to tho
effect of the presentation.
YESTERADY afternoon, In tha
dedication ceremonies of the
new Greek Theater at the
University of California, took
place perhaps the most signifi-
By Blanche Partington.
Place of Beauty
Site for the
Temple.
Architect Howard
Delivers an
Address.
College Yells Re
sound for the
"Discoverer."
Clock Is Turned
Back Many
Centuries.
Aristophanes' Play
"The Birds"
Enacted.
Crowd Is Handled
Competently by
Ushers.
GREEK THEATER DEDICATION ON UNlVERSITY GROUNDS
MARKS BEGINNING OF LARGE ARCHITECTURAL PLANS
THE SAF FRANCISCO CALL; FBIDAY, SEPTEMBER 25. 1903.
Weed's Discovery
Delights All;
Observers.
2
Chas. Keilus & Co.
E x c 1 u s i v ~e
High-Qrade Clothiers
N« Branch £ tores'. No Ajfesto. \',\.
We Are Better Equipped
This Season Jhan Ever.
The Fall Smart Models
Scientific in Details;
Tailored With Skill,
Exclusive and .Correct.
Onlyfien's Clothes Here]
K e a rny S tree t
T hur low-B.lockSOFIA, Bulgaria, Sept. 24.—
Notwithstanding reports to the
contrary, perfect tranquillity, al
most approaching apathy, prevails
throughout Bulgaria. There is not
the slightest outward evidence
that the country is on the verge of
war. Even in military circles
there is no excitement, though un
ceasing preparation is going on.
The reports emanating from
Turkish quarters that the Govern
ment is in danger of being carried
away by popular excitement and
that Bulgaria is likely to take the
first hostile steps may be regarded
as ridiculous inventions. It is.
however, a fact that all hope of
good results from the Turkish
promises of reform has long dis
appeared, and the feeling is grow
ing that war is the sole solution to
the Macedonian problem, the only
question being whether it will
come this autumn or be postponed
until spring.
The preparations for the.mobil
izing of the Bulgarian army have
been carried out with singular
completeness as to detail, and a
declaration of war will find the
Bulgarians sufficiently prepared.
The equipment for the soldiers is
ready, large quantities of am
munition are on hand and the
stocks of general supplies are re
markably comprehensive. The ap
pearance of the troops shows at
tention to details and theii
soldierly qualities are a revelation
to foreigners. The officers are
fully equipped for their profession
and the men willingly undergo
hard drill daily. General Xicolaieff
probably will command in the
event of hostilities.
War Preparations In
Principality Are
Complete.
BULGARIA
IS READY
held in readiness in case of de
velopments in the Balkans.
ROBERTS,* WU.;< Sept. 24.— The State Bank
of Roberts was robbed of more than $3000
early to-Uay.
NEW TORK. Sept. 24.— Talbot J. Taylor
and B. C. Jurgessen, members . of the Stock
Exchange, who failed some weeks ago, were
reinstated by tht exchange to-day. , .
PHILADELPHIA Sept. 24.— In a run
ning exchange of shots on the street to
day Policeman John Donovan, 28 years
of age, and Samuel Archer, a negro, were
fatally; wounded. Donovan observed the
negro acting suspiciously and attempted
to arrest him. Archer fled and was pur
sued by Donovan : and : three other police
men. The policemen. discharged their re
volvers after the fugitive, who returned
the fire. One shot from his pistol struck
Donovan in the abdomen. Archer was
shot four times, once over the heart.
Policeman Is Fatally Wounded.
Mhe uaily Mail's correspondent at Ber
in hears that the Russian Foreign Min
ster is bringing to Vienna a new scheme
)f Macedonian reforms and also a plan
Tor consideration, according to which
Turkey will be allowed to fight Bulgaria
icd Servia, and, having beaten them, she
shall exercise suzerainty under the super
vision of / Austria and Russia, who will
flnd the money and ammunition foT
Turkey.
Dispatches from Sofia report the ar
rival, there of war correspondents from
ill parts of the wqrld, and. further, state
that tbe Insurgent leaders have given or
ders to the bands not to resort to retalla
tlve operations for some days longer.
It is announced from Salonica that the
Turkish* military authorities have re-
LONDON, Sept 25.— An official note
similar to that issued to-day by the Rus
sian Government has been published in
Vienna. These warnings to Turkey and
Bulgaria, coming on the eve of the visit
of the Czar and Count Lamsdorff to M
enna, Count Lamsdorff having left St.
Petersburg yesterday, were especially sig
nificant. V : - .
RUSSIA'S NEW PROPOSAL.
Would Assist Turkey Against Bul
garia and Servia.
NEW YORK. Ciept. 24. — On the eve of his
departure as- Arinister of the United States to
the Argentine Republic. John Barrett was the
recipient :o-oay of a complimentary luncheon
giwi! 'iSi his friends and fellow-members of
the AMv-rlcan Asiatic Association at the Mer
chants' Club.
"The robbers ran and as they went over
the bank I shot at one, but apparently
missed him. I helped the engineer, who
was hit by one stray ' buckshot, back to
the engine and the train proceeded with
but twenty minutes' delay."
"The explosion did little damage, but
without hesitating I slid the door open
to get my shoulder out and took aim at 1
one of the masked men. The gun did not^
work. Throwing out the defective sholl, I
I fired, knocking my man down. At the,
same time the engineer yelled that he j
was hit.
"When the three masked robbers who
had climbed on the engine at Troutdale
compelled Engineer Barrett and' Fireman
Stevenson to stop the train a mile ana a
half from Corbett I saw them and told
Glick, my helper, to turn out the lights.
Just then Stevenson came running to see
v.-hat was the matter, when as he neared
the express car one of the robbers shot. at
him and, cursing, ordered him back.. I
saw what was coming and took my stand
in the rear end of the car, and already
having my shotgun in my, hand, .waited
while Glick lay on the floor In the for
ward end. I slid the cage door on "the side
of the car back and watche4$the robbers.
Soon there was a knock at /the side door
on the forward end and the request,
'Don't shoot, it is the engineer.' " -..
"I did not reply and soon the bandits
prepared the powder. They had it ready
in half a minute and seeing that it waa
lighted I took chances and waited. ,
PORTLAND, Or., Sept. 24.— The three:
companions of the captured and wounded
bandit, who gives his < name as Jim Con
ners, have apparently made their escape
from the scene of the Oregon Railroad
and Navigation hold-up last' night. Of
ficers returned late to-night from scour
ing the brush In the neighborhood of the
twenty-one mile post, but found nothing
that would be acceptable . as a clew to
their whereabouts.
Thus far the officers have not been able
to find any ground for doubting a theory
that the men escaped along the railroad
track, either to Portland or to a ren
dezvous near by.
The police early to-day arrested Harry
Cole, a young man who was found prowl
ing about the railroad yards. He acted
In a suspicious manner previous to his
arrest and attempted to escape from the
olllcers. W. J. Fruelock of Troutdale
was arrested by Bert Biesccker, Sheriff
of Clark County, and turned over to the
Sheriff to-night. The Clark County offi
cial was returning in a "buggy from.
Washougal when he met Fruelock. The
latter was invited to accomoany the
Sheriff in his buggy, and when the officer
learned that he was a Troutdale laborer
he notified the Portland officers.
The leader of the party, who calls him
self Conners, who was originally reported
as killed, but who proved to be wounded,
lies at the Good Samaritan Hospital. It
is not clear that he is even desperately
wounded, for the man's apparent lack of
interest in life and his eagerness to die
has the effect of making his condition
seem worse than it is.
LA GRANDE, Or., Sept. 24.— Express
Messenger Fred Korner's story of the at
tempted hold-up ot the Oregon Railroad
and Navagltlon train at Corbett last
night, told upon the arrival of the train
here to-day, is as .follows:
Special Dispatch to The Call. .
"The present state of affairs in the Turkish
vilayets, which is due to the criminal inten
!cns of committees and revolutionary bands,
lc+s not alter the attitude of the powers in
-cRard tc the programme of action adopted
*arly In the year by the powers most inter
¦B'ed. Consequently. Turkey nor Bulgaria can
r »iy on th» support of anv power in the event
of open or. secret opposition to the realiza
tion of thts scheme."
The Impprial Government hopes this new
warning will convince Turkey, as well as Bul
garia, of the futility of any attempt to avoid
the fulfillment of the demands made upon
them, and both governments to take all the
measures In their power for the • repression of
the disturbances in the Balkan peninsula,
which can only have the most serious conse
quences for both the Ottoman Empire and
Bulgaria.
In view of the thickening complications, the
Russian and Austrian governments have reiter
ated their views to this effect both at Sofia
and at Constantinople, and. acting on th»
suggestion of Austria and Russia, all the gov
ernments of the powers which signed the
treaty of Berlin have instructed their repre
sentatives no Turkey and Bulgaria to empha
.»ize their full unanimity in the Austro-Rus
-•ian work of pacifying the Bulgarians, so as
to remove all misconceptions of possible as
sistance In the e%'ent of dangerous enterprises.
These representatives have been Instructed to
make a declaration to the governments of Tur
key and Bulgaria as follows:
This fatal conception, against which Rus
sia gave incessant warnings, has brought upon
the Christians in Turkish vllayeta grievous
oppression, which will end only when the In
cursion of insurgents from Bulgaria and the
revolutionary activity of the committees cease.
Not until then can the immediate application
of reform needed by the population, and by
which they will- be protected from Turkish
atrocities, be Instated upon, the most ener
getic endeavors having failed to bridle the
fanaticism of the Mussulmans.
ST. PETERSBURG, Sent. 24.-The Rus
sian Government has issued an official
note reiterating that the attitude of the
pov.-ers in resard to the Austro-Russ!an
reform scheme for Macedonia Is un
changed, and consequently neither Turkey
nor Bulgaria can expect support from any
quarter in the event of open or secret re
sistance to that scheme.
The Government after pointing out that
the suggested reforms were at the outset
attended by g-ood results, continues:
Th°se, however, did Jiot satisfy the Mace
donian committees which hav* spmng up in
the Slav states. The probability which Jrtid
become apparent that the Christian popula
tion would calm down 'under the Influence of
reforms deprived these committees of all fa
vorable ground for the realisation of their
revolutionary plane. While proclaiming that
their object was the protection of their co
rellsiontets a^ainrt Turkish oppression, thess
coiEmittetg ia reality seek to attain their
s-If»h aim of modifying the administrative
system In the province bo as to convert it Into
a Bulgarian Macedonia, to the detriment of the
rights and privileges of the other Christian
people, whose interest is equally dear to ortho
dox Russia. As the leaders found no support
among the non-Bulgarian element in Macedo
nia, they exerted themseivta to raise Insurrec
tion by cruel outrages and terrorism in order
to hinder the projected reforms. Unhappily,
in spit« of the precautions of the Sofia. Gov
ernment, the Macedonian agitation spread con
siderably in Bulgaria Itself, finding support
among those who mUtakingly reckoned that
the outbreak thus caused would compel Rus
sia to alter her programme and proclaim her
self the champion of the plans of the leaders
of the revolution.
Neither Turkey Nor Bulgaria Will
Profit by War.
POWERS' FINAL WABNING.
Oregon - Desperadoes
Cannot Be Pound by
the Posses.
WASHINGTON. Sept. . 24.— The State
Department has not yet received confir
mation of the dispatch saying that the'
Dominican Government had Informed
Minister Powell that it absolutely de
clined to recognize the validity of the
agreement regarding the claims of the
Improvement Company. The fulfillment
of the terms of the protocol slgmed by
the Vasquez regime will be insisted upon,
"however, and Minister Powell has in
structions to demand a settlement In ac
cordance with Ub terms. ¦
Dominican Government Must Settle.
ROBBERS ELUDE
THEIR PURSURERS
LONDON, Sept 25.— A correspondent of
the Times writing from Beirut says noth
ing but the presence /of the American
squadron prevented the recent riot there
from becoming a general i massacre of
Christians. - . ; ¦ .- >' . , ¦ " -
America Prevents a Massacre.
SALONICA, Sept. 24.— Twenty-five fami
lies from Neveska have arrived here.
They have abandoned their homes out of
fear of the Turks. A mine has been dis
covered at Veles, twenty-seven miles from
Uskub. leading from a Bulgarian shop to
a point under the mosque. Several'arreste
have been made.
Families Flee From the Turks.
PARIS, Sept. 24.— The French Foreign
Office officials doubt the sincerity of the
Porte's reply to the Bulgarian note, be
lieving it is merely a maneuver to impress
the powers with the idea that Turkey is
doing her utmost to effect a settlement
before 'going to war. A similar Impres
sion seems to prevail at Sofia, since Bul
garia in answering requires Turkey to
cease mobilizing, stop the massacres and
withdraw her troops from near the fron
tier before she will consider the proposals.
Doubt Sincerity of Sultan.
LONDON, Sept. 25.— The Dally Mall's
correspondent at Berlm -telegraphs the
sensational statement that there is a pos
siblity of a Kossuthist revolution in Hun
gary. ' He pays that as a result of the
German Emperor's visit to "Vienna Ger
many has promised to assist Austria with
troops should Austria be faced with the
necessity of using armed force in Mace
donia and simultaneously suppressing a
revolution in Hungary. That the latter
Is not Impossible, continues , the corre
spondent, may be gathered from the fact
that General von Beck, chief of the Aus
trian staff, submitted a plan of mobiliza
tion to Emperor William last week. The
idea of placing Prince Eitel Frederick,
the second son of the German Emperor,
on the Hungarian throne receives no sup
port in Germany.
BUDAPEST, Sept. 24.— The session of
the Diet to-day was marked by^stormy
scenes which became so boisterous as to
necessitate its suspension. Barabbas, a
member of the Kossuth party, went so
far as to say his party no longer believed
the statements of the Emperor-King
Francis Joseph. Charges made against
Premier Hedervary of "complicity In the
Szarpay bribery scandal started the dis
turbance.
On the resumption of business Count
Hedervary was speaking, when he was
suddenly Interrupted by Barabbas, who
shouted: "We don't believe the 1 King."
Thereupon 'all the Deputies, irrespective
of party, arose with shouts of: "Rogue!"
"Traitor!" "Out with him!"
Barabbas tried to apologize, but his col
leagues refused to permit and a' vote of
censure upon him was recorded on the
minutes.
The House finally adjourned until the
new Cabinet is formed.
LONDON. Sept. 24.— The presence of
several American women brightened the
proceedings of the Alaska Boundary
Commission to-day. David-T. Watson of
Pittsburg, of counsel for the American
side, continued the presentation of the
American case and expected to conclude
his argument to-morrow.
Mr. Watson devoted the morning to an
examination of Russia's title, pointing
out that everything in the Russo-Brltlsh
negotiations showed that Russia's de
mands for a boundary Involved the ex
clusive possession of all the coast line.
He contended that without such a boun
dary, excluding Great Britain from the
sea, the rest of the Russian possessions
would have been valusless.
Mr. Watson devoted the afternoon to
contending that Russia's primary idea wa3
to establish a barrier to prevent the ad
vance of British trade from the East,
while Great Britain at that time also de
sired a barrier in order to secure freedom
from the operations of the Hudson Bay
Company. These purposes, counsel
claimed, would have been completely
frustrated If the British had obtained the
head of Inlets.
The commission expects that the argu
ments will certainly be completed Octo
ber 9.
LONDON, Sept. 24.— America Is .now
reaping great benefit from the storms
which made the past summer one of the
worst on record in Great Britain and the
Continent. Thanks to the ruined home
crops/California fruit, Is being Imported
In larger quantltes than ever before. The
sales last week in London marked a rec
ord of 25,000 boxes of American fruit, rep
resenting about 675,000 pounds weight.
The fruit was sold at a two days' auc
tion in Covent Garden Market, the prices
averaging 30 per cent above what has
heretofore been obtained here. The sales
were chiefly of California pears and plums
with a fair- consignment of New York
State Bartlett pears. There is practically
no English fruit obtainable, while France,
which usually exports large quantities of
pears to England, is sending none. I
The American section of Covent Gar
den Market Is now almost the sole source
of supply, and there are no signs of the
demand decreasing. ; ; ¦¦
A member of the most prominent Eng
lish firms dealing in foreign fruit said to
a press correspondent:
"There has never been anything like it.
Heretofore California fruit has b*en more
of an adjunct to England's supply than a
serious factor In the market. Now, owing
to the failure of French fruit arid the
complete loss of the home crop the Amer
ican branch of the market is" watched
more eagerly than any other."
Following are the current quotations
per box: California pears, $1 94 to $2 30;
California plums, $2 43@2 91; Bartlett
pears, $1 S2@2 30; peaches, $2 43@" 67.
WIDOW OF THE PRESIDENT
OF THE SOUTHERN CONFED
ERACY.
Widow of the President of
Southern Confederacy
Stricken Down.
FORMER SPANISH OFFICER
CHABGED WITH REBELLION
He Is Accused of Inciting Ladrona
Leaders to Take Up Arms Against
the Government.
MANILA. Sept. 24.— Dominador Gomez,
a former Spanish officer, awaiting sen
tence upon the charge of maintaining an
illegal organization known as the Union
Obrero, waa to-day charged with rebel
lion and Insurrection for Inciting ladrona
leaders in the provinces of Rlzal, Bulacan.
Laguna, Cavite and elsewhere to take up
arms in rebellion against the authority
of the United States. This has resulted
in the recent outbreak of an Insurrection
In the provinces named, in the form of a
guerrilla warfare, carried on through the
Influence of the Union Obrero and aided
by its members, so-called Nationalists,
connected wit hthe juntas now located la
Hongkong, Japan and Madrid.
BERLIN, Sept. 24.— The Berlin City Coun
cil has decided to participate in the St. Louis
Exposition.
Soufriere Is Emitting Hot Ashes.
KINGSTOWN. St. Vincent, Sept. 24.—
The volcano Soufriere has remained
moderately active during the past two
months, steam continuously rising from
the crater, but this week puffs of dark
smoke have been emitted, the heaviest of
which, accompanied by a fall of exceed
ingly hot ashes, occurred yesterday.
trained nurse was left in charge of the
distinguished patient and arrangements
were made to bring the doctors back at
a moment's notice. Dr. Stockton said:
"Mrs. Davis* condition is very serious."
A report that Mrs. Davis was suffering
from acute indigestion was denied, but
no further information could be obtained.
PBESIDENT APPROVES
HAW ATT ATT BOND ISSUE
Loan Authorized Is One. Per Cent of
the Ad Valorem Taxes for the
Year 1902.
¦WASHINGTON, Sept. 24.-The Presi
dent, has" approved the Hawaiian bond
issue of $1,229,100.
That amount of Territorial indebtedness
is authorized under the Hawaiian loan
act to be Incurred during the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1904. The Hawaiian. Leg
islature authorized the raising of $2,460,471
during the biennial period ending June
30, 1905, but under "the terms of the or
ganic act the Legislature cannot approve
a loan beyond one year In order to guard
against the possible failure of the reve
nues to meet the indebtedness. The finan
cial condition of Hawaii is shown by the
official figures accompanying the bond is
sue proposition.
The ad valorem taxes for the year 1902
were $122,910,803, the loan now authorized
being 1 per cent of this amount. The to
tal expenses of the Territory for one year
cannot exceed .'7- per cent of the total
assessed valuation, and this 7 per cent Is
$8,603,756. The estimated liabilities. Includ
ing the anyjunt. intended to be raised by
the new loan, are 16,251, 267, which covers
all expenses of the Territory.
•|-*w UFFALO, N. T., Sept. 24.— Mrs.
LJ# Jefferson Davis, widow of the
r^\ president of the Southern Con
*. federacy. Is seriously ill at Castle
Inn. In this city.
•Dr. Charles C. Stockton was summoned
at noon, when Mrs. Davis' condition
alarmed those in attendance. Late this
afternoon another physfclan waa called
in for consultation. *
Dr. Stockton, when leaving the hotel
shortly before 6 o'clock, said:
"Mrs. Davis is in a serious condition,
but her illness is not of a nature that
necessarily must prove fatal. I must be
excused from discussing her case further
to-night. To-morrow morning perhaps we
will be able to make a statement."
Mrs. Davis camel to Castle Inn on Mon
day from Port Colborne. Ont.. where she
has been spending the summer. A party
of friends accompanied her, twenty In
all. It has been Mrs. Davis' custom to
spend her summers In Canada or at a
northern resort, living In New York City
during the ¦winter months. Her first visit
to Canada was shortly after the close of
the Civil War, when she and her hus
band spent some time in Toronto. Since
then the sojourn in Canada has been a
frequent occurrence.
At midnight it was reported that Mrs.
Davis »was in a critical condition.
The physicians who had been at the
hotel all evening: left at midnight. A
KANSAS CITY. Mo.. Sept. 24.— Frank Sle
gel, .former president of the Slegel-Sanders
Livestock" Commission Company, waa acquit
ted to-night of the charge of embezzling money
belonging to that firm.
Flan of Mobilization of the Austrian
J Army Is Prepared by
the Chief of
Staff.- .; '
Vienna Government Realizes
That a Crhis Is Fast
Approaching.'- '
Demand Steadily Increasing
¦ ¦ ¦ . ¦ . : "V'-""* ••• •
and Good Pric3S Are
Commanded.
ment that they have been instruct
ed to communicate that their Gov
ernments, in agreement with the
other great powers, are resolved
never to depart from the published
programme of reforms in Mace
donia and that Bulgaria must not
count on any support for any
other purpose. The agents further
announced that the same declara
tion would be made in Constanti
nople.
The imperial Ottoman Com
missioner has informed the Bul
garian Government that the Sul
tan has promulgated an irade
sanctioning the programme of re
form, which is to be carried out
by a mixed commission, and, that
he has deputed Hilmi Pasha- to
superintend the execution of the
programme, with orders to sus
pend the persecution of the Bul
garians. As no indication is given
concerning the constitution of the
proposed mixed commission or as
to the amnesty of political offend
ers demanded by Bulgaria, there
is no disposition here to believe
that the negotiations will be ef
fective.
When the Turkish diplomatic
agent this morning communicated
the Sultan's irade to Premier
Petroff, the latter is reported to
have answered that so long as
Turkey did not withdraw her
troops from the frontier and did
not fulfill all her promises Bul
garia was justified in believing
that Turkey was talking merely
for talking' s sake. The Sofia
press refers to the irade in similar
terms and declines to consider it
seriously.
Contends That Primary Idea
of Czar Was to Check
British Trade.
Austria May Pace a
Kossuthist- Revo
lution.
SOFIA, Sept- 24.— Advices from Uskub
say that five battalions of Turkish troops
left Sovovitch yesterday for Morotsoro,
whence a band of revolutionists had been
threatening Perlepe. Three other bat
talions have proceeded to Neveska, where
insurgent bands have reappeared.
Turkish soldiers recently took fifty
women from the burned village of Klis
surti, and all attempts to recover them
have been unavailing, the soldiers refus
ing to obey their officers.
Prove Futile.
Attempts to Recover the Captives
TURKS KIDNAP WOMEN*
ceived orders to have all the bayonets
and sabers sharpened.
Great meetings of protest against the
Turkish atrocities In Macedonia were held
In London and Manchester last night, -in
the former case at the City Temple,
where Revs. R. J. Campbell, John Clif
ford and F. B. Meyer were among the
speakers.
Discusses Russia's Title
to Territory in Dis
*pute.
California Is Furnishing
Larger Part of
the Supply.
ON VERGE
OF A REVOLT
IN HUNGARY
WATSON ARGUES
AMERICA'S CASE
ENGLISH MARKET
BUYS OUR FRUIT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 25, 1903.
MRS. DAVIS
TAKEN ILL
AT BUFFALO
Czar Nicholas Will Submit a Proposal That Turkey Be Aided in Con
quering Both Bulgaria and Servia and Thereafter Exercise
Suzerainty Under the Joint Supervision of Russia and' Austria
POWERS MAY CEASE EFFORTS
TO PREVENT WAR OUTBREAK
Ccntinued From Page 1, Column 7.
The diplomatic agents of Rus
sia and Austria-Hungary have in
formed the Bulgarian Govern-
3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
V in the world can relieve j
5 you of constipation ana 2
§> all disorders of the Stom- $
If ach and Liver like TB
g HUNYADi JANOS. §
5 One-half glass taken on S
§ arising will give such sat-
Xf isfying results that you "&
V will take no other remedy V
X and be convinced that it X
will cure all forms «of ¦§
Xf Constipation. Be sure y
V and Get ¥
I Hunyadi Jaaos, I
IS If you simply ask for V
V Hunyadi water you may |[
be imposed upon. Don't w
yg be persuaded to buy sub-
W stitutes. They are worth- %
less and often harmful. W
KM ur _ BEER5!
! SOLD EVERYWHERE.
HILKERT MEKCAXTlLt CO..
J aclflc Coast Ae'nti.
>
The grocer buys Schilling'
Best to sell at a profit
You buy it to eat and drirr
at a profit.
, Moneyback,
, ADVEBTISEME-NTS. '
&< tH^h M ra T .yv «t4i XT jT>l 4TV\ -w— m O -^B avi. ¦ •-*
/% hi eg jp fr-a h^ & tffl a Ik w n 1*
will be N - the style this winter;, look at the broad
shoulders and the loose effect ; in fact, observe the i^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^fe
entire garment. This will give you some idea. '-'j^^HHBfflBHraS^
But a better way is to come in and try the' coat IBS!
on. You will find the material an all-wool rough . mS^^^^^^^^m^^^
the best overcoat we ever sold for the money. The 0§^0^^M^^i^m0i^m)
usual price for a coat like this is $1J.OO. Our
serviceable. If he wants a black thibet or a blue serge he can get t^-^^^^p^^S^^^^^^^^^p^^^^
it here for $9. If he wants a Scotch mixture or a fancy cassimere I \
V - The garments are made up in several different weaves of ma- I
Trousers in every style, pattern and weave ; trousers at every |j|^||||p \
price from $2.25 up to $8.00. That, in short, describes our im-
mense fall stock of trousers. ' If you need a pair, this is the place to &l^^^§0f^^>'^^^^^^^^^^ /
Out-of-town orders filled — ivrite for 64-page catalogue. "* - S^raS^lnB^fflffilPurity Committee
Is Named by
Chairman.
and he will take his record and his ¦ figures
and put 'them upon that blackboard*, and when
the third day of November comes Mr. Dodge,
If he bo the man against him, will have to
dodge behind an avalanche of votes, because
I am certain that Mr. Laumeister will' be
elected. (Applause.) * •
LONG'S WARM GREETING.
Edwin J. Lynch took the floor to second
the nomination of Mr. Laumeister. He
also paid many tributes to him as a citi
zen and public official. When the cheer
ing had subsided "Mr." Laumeistcr was
nominated by acclamation^ and a commit
tee was appointed to bring him before the
delegates.' Unfortunately Mr. Laumeister
was not in the hall and t^e delegates had
to forego the, pleasure off listening to his
speech of acceptance. . .
If .the .applause for Laumeister was
great that which greeted the name of
Percy V. Long, the convention's nominee
for City Attorney, was an ovation. - The
convention ¦ hall was filled with excited
delegates, who were on their feet half the
time cheering Long. "His popularity ap-'
peared tobe Vf|-y gTeat and his nomina
tion was received with hearty applause by
the' delegates. ,•*, *';¦£
John . T. ; Williams took the platform a
second; time to make a nominating
NOTABLE SELECTIONS FOR
OFFICE BY REPUBLICAN
MUNICIPAL CONVENTION.
speech. In placing Long's name before
the convention heysald:
Qentlemen: I am here to-night merely as
one delegated by the young Republicans of this
convention. 1 Believe that every one of them
is absolutely aifa unqualifiedly in the fight of
the man, that I am to name. They have
worked moBt ; arduously In his behalf: they
have gone to their co-delegates in this con
vention and conferred with them concerning
hU candidacy, and, gentlemen, there is no use
going any further-^you know who I am going
to name-* and 1 place in nomination for the
office of Clty«Attorney of thla city and "county
Percy -V. Long. (Cheers.) I see It is abso
lutely needless for mo to go on and talk con
cerning Mr. Long and tell of his qualifica
tions, but I. want to say this to the gentlemen
of convention, that Mr. Long was an at
torney-at-law — (a voice. "Judge Long") — Judge
Long, if you like It better; it will soon be
City and County Attorney Long:. Judge Loner
had been practicing law for nine years prior to
his occupation of one of the judicial benches
of this city, and during those nine years he
had a very active practice. He is regarded
among the members of the profession as an
honest, square man; as a friend, socially and
fraternally, he Is admired by all, and clb a
judicial officer there Is no one but admires
Judge Long's record upon the bench. It is
nothing but honest. Gentlemen. I again place
before this convention as the nominee for City
Attorney of this city and county . Percy V.
Long. -.V ¦,..-;• .-.:, .
SECONDS PLENTIFUL.
Delegates in all parts of the hall arose
and added their meed of praise in second
ing Long's nomination. L. ! S. Beedy in
behalf of the Forty-first District was tEe
first to do so, and he was followed by Lu
ther Elklns of the Forty-third District,
E. M. Rltter of the Thirty-fourth District
and' Ralph L. Hathorn of the Thirty-fifth
Assembly District, Vho likewise seconded
the nomination. "There was no opposition,
and Long was nominated by acclamation.
He was escorted to 'the platform and ten
dered another ovation. When the enthu
siasm • had subsided Mr. Long spoke as
follows:
Mr. Chairman and Gentlemen of the Conven-
duct the office with honor and with credit to
myijelf. (Applause.)
LAUMEISTER CHEERED.
When Charles Laumeister's name was
placed before the convention ag a candi
date for Assessor, it was received with
genuine enthusiasm. William J. Herrln
placed the prominent citizen in nomina
tion. Throughout the address the dele-
Bates applauded the candidate. There
were kindly words uttered on every side.
Laumeister is looked upon as a splendid
candidate and will be able to give Asses
sor Dodge a hard fight for . re-electton.
Herrin's speech was as follows: -
I wish to place in nomination for the Im
portant office, of Assessor of this city and
county a man well known to all of you, who
some years ago was nominated for the office
of Sheriff of this ctty and county. He was
elected by a majority of several thousand
votes, and he filled the office with credit to
himself and with honor to the people. He was
afterward elected upon the Railroad Commis
sion of this State. That commission came in
under the new constitution, and It haa been
one of the most useless commissions we have
had; but tvhen Mr. Laumeieter was elected
to it he felt that a public office was a public
trust. Where Hid you find Mr. Laumelster
when ho was upon that commission? you
found him on the side of the people; you found
him reducing- the rates on grain and on oil.
He took a bold and a fearless stand for the
people of the State of California, and that is
the kind of a man Charles S. Laumelster la;
he is a bold and a fearless man, and he feels
it to be his duty to fill his office for the ben
efit of his constituents. '¦¦
Mr. Laumeistcr is popular with the working
people; bo employs a lot of men in his mills
and he has the good will | of those . people,
and we need just such a man as he Is at
this very time when we are between . the up
per and the lower millstones, when we are
under the" State Board of Equalization, which
seema to think that it has to assess the
property ot this city • for more than It should
be F.8sesscd. We need Just such a man as
Laumelste; as Assessor of thia city, who will
stand up .and ': do his duty and say to - the
•State . Board. 1 of Equalization. "You shall not.
with my consent or my approval, -raise the
assessment of this city and county, so far. as
I can prevent it." '¦:¦•¦*-,": -A
It will serve no'neeft.! purpose for me to
so on here and eulogi£« Mr. Laumeister, .. be
cause he Is so welt known' to; *-ou all that
eulqgy, is unnecescary. * . I say L ftiat he is a
vote-getter; hi can't he- beaten. Mr Lau
meister will tal:e ¦ hla blackboard, and he will
go through the different districts of thjs city.
tion: There have been many humorous things
said here in support of my candidacy, some in
compliment and some in jest, and all that I can
say is that the many nice things said of me I
hope that I will be able to fulfill should I be
selected by the people of this city and county
aa their City Attorney. I heartily indorse the
platform framed and adopted by you in con
vention and ¦ I promise the ticket from top to
bottom my hearty support. Should I be se
lected by the people to serve as City Attorney
for the term provided by law I shall make it
my aim and purpose to sustain in its entirety
the charter which was adopted by tho people
cf this city and county some years ago. (Ap
plause.) I shall so endeavor to conduct my
office that the rights of the people of the city
and county of San Francisco will be protected
and preserved, and I believe that the great Re
publican party, which is the exponent of good
government and law and order, expect me to
do this. Gentlemen. I thank you.
THE FIBST CONTEST.
The first contest of the convention
opened when nominations for District At
torney were called" for by Chairman Part
ridge. Thomas E. Haven took the plat
form to nominate Hon. Frank McGowan,
and behind him strode Judge W. Schell,
who was to place General Edward S.
Salomon in nomination. Haven was first
to be recognized, and amid cheers for Mc-
Gowan he delivered the following eulogy
on' his candidate: 'vrl-
There are three departments of our city
government which are of/ peculiar interest to
the residents of this city, because to them is
committed the protection of our t>erson and
the safety of our homes and families: and
not the least among these three departments is
the office of District Attorney. Our police
department may be never to efficient; our
Police Judges may be never so courageous and
conscientious, but unless the public prosecutor
Is a man capable and efficient In his office
this city will become the home of the footpad
and the asylum of every other class of crim
inals known to mankind. A District Attorney
should not only be efficient, he should be
thorough; he should be a man who is well
grounded in the law. who stands well In his
profession, and who at the name time has a
thorough knowledge of men. The average crim
inal is nobody" s fool and It takes a sharp man
to prosecute him: the prosecutor should be
fully as keen as the man whom ho piosecutes.
The man ¦ whom I propose to nominate is one
able to perform the duties of this office.
Starting in this State as a printer, he ha*
by his own industry and efforts, and only by
his own Industry and efforts, raised himself
to a position In his profession of eminence.
He has served his State In the Legislature for
ten consecutive years; one term In the lower
house two terms in the upper bouse. While
In the Senate he was chairman cf the moat
important committee -in that body, the Judi
ciary Committee. He was the author of and
obtained the passage of some very Important
legislation which has always been a benefit and
will always remain of benefit to the resident*
of this State; such acts, for Instance,
as the act which established the
State high schools; such acts as that which
made the office of State Printer elective; guch
acts &a that which provided that it was a
misdemeanor to place a laborer's name upon
a blacklist simply because he belonged to a
labor union. At the termination of his term
of office In the Senate he was made, aa a to
ken of esteem for the service which he had
performed for his constituents, an honorary
member, of a typographical union. HU sym
pathies are naturally and stronsly with th«
laboring people. His experience ha« enabled
him to judge of men. to put himself in a po
sition to- know men when he sees them, it is
with feelings of confidence that the gentle
man whom I\am about to name win be nom
inated by thlf convention, and with a feeling
of confidence that if nominated he will h<»
elected, that I have the honor of placing be
for* this convention for nomination for Dis
trlct Attorney of this city and county the
Hon. Frank McOowan. (Great applause )
CREATES MERRIMENT.
Lincoln E. Savage took the platform to
second the nomination of Mr. McOowan
He spoke at length and created some
merriment by the earnestness of his plea
for his friend's nomination. At the con
clusion of Savage's address Judge Schejj
attempted to make a speech, i but was
stricken with stage fright and had to de
sist He was greeted with loud calls for
encampment In this city. You know how gra
ciously we received and entertained those
Brand men who fought for tnls country, and
it is owing to the executive ability of Mr.
Luta that the success of that entertainment
and encampment wa« ho prominent. Mr. Lutz
is a man who belongs a great many fra
ternal societies and in those societies in every
instance he has been honored. He has been
elected to offices In every one. and his friends
in those societies have placed the greatest
confidence In him. He is a sreat man for
charity. To-day Mr. Lutz is one cf the di
rectorate of the German Hospital, tnd among
the German societies in San Francisco he Is
one of the strongest. He is respected and
admired among; hi? neighbors and friends in
the Thirty-ninth District and I will say further
that he has the unanimous Indorsement and
support of thf delegates of the Forty-third
Assembly District, of which Hon. Thomas D.
Rlordan is the chairman.
And gentlemen, by way of political argu
ment, permit me to eay tJjls: Mr. R'.ordan,
whom you all know, has worked indefatigably
In promoting the candidacy »»r Mr. Lutz, and
it has been told me by friends who I know
tell the truth, those who are older than I am
in DoUtics, that Mr. Itiordan has worked
thirteen. or fourteen years in the effort to aid
honest Republican politics and he has asked
nothing. I will say this, that if Mr. Riordan
should come before this Convention and try
to nominate a man who was not popular,
honest and tried, who warf not available as a
candidate, then I would say it is your duty
to turn him down; but on the other hand
when Mr. Rlordan, a faithful .warhorse, gives
you a man who is honest, fair, square and
uprIght-—(Confuslon and cries of "Time" — Gen
tlemen, I see that you are here for action; you
d<? not care to hear from .me. and I believe
that ylM\ ail feel as I do concerning Mr. Lutz.
Therefore, I again place for • nomination before
thin convention for the office of Public Ad
ministrator the name of William E. Lutz.
(Applause.) >
NOMINATED BY ACCLAMATION.
Charles Sonntag seconded Lutz's nom
ination. He praised the candidate for his
high standing 'as a Republican and as a
soldier. He said Lutz would add strength
to the ticket If nominated.- There being
no further nominations, Lutz was elected
by acclamation and the secretary of the
convention .was directed to cast tho bal
lot of the Convention — 319 votes — for him.
There were loud cries for "Billy" Lutz,
and the popular candidate was escorted
to the platform amid great applause. In
part he said:
Mr. Chairman and Gentlemen of the Conven
tion: I desire to thank you for the unanimous
nomination for the office of Public Administra
tor and promise to support this ticket from
top to bottom and do the best I can for the
election of every man who is nominated in this
convention from now on until election. I thank
you.
Nominations for Recorder were next on
the programme, and Louis Jacobs, a dep
uty in the Sheriff's office, was nominated
without opposition. Mr. Jacobs had many
friends in the convention' and they ap
plauded loudly for him. Walter S. Brann
placed Jacobs in nomination. He said:
Mr. Chairman and Gentlemen of the Conven
tion: S All of you Republicans and members of
this convention are men who have property;
I take it that you have. You want the records
and title ot that property kept all right; you
want to know when you go to the Recorder's
office. that your title on the records will be such
that you can find out what you own, and every
body else can, unless it is your creditors. There
Is a man here before you who wishes to havw
his name go before this conx-entlon. who has
been connected with various public offices and
has always done his duty well., I refer' to
Louis Jacobs of the Fortieth District. If you
rive him the nomination of this convention he
will be our next Recorder and he will be a
good one. I place him in nomination.
Judge Altken and others seconded the
nomination of Jacobs. There were • no
further nominations and Jacobs received
the entire vote of the convention. Upon
being called before . the delegates to in
dorse the platform Mr. Jacobs said:
I thank you for the' honor you have bestowed
upon me. I heartily indorse your platform,
and if elected I promise you that I shall con-
ift«CW «A HE Republican local eonven
y tion completed its work in
|| pood form last niglit and ad
{{ Journed sine die -with three
¦*»¦ rousing cheers for the excel-
lent ticket. The delegates
were in Alhambra Theater at 8 o'clock,
the time scheduled for the convention
to meet, but they were not called to or
der until S:15. During the waiting time
two efforts to adjust the slate to the
ratiffaction of the majority proved so
successful that there were only two con
tests in open session. Friends of former
State Senator Frank McGowan declined
to g1\»j the right of way to General E. S.
Salomon for District Attorney. Suppl
er* of Colonel Thomas O'Neil insisted on
placing bis name before the convention
for County Clerk in opposition to the
plated candidate. John Greif. The oppo
nents of the programme were highly en
thusiastic, but were not formidable in the
voting contest. In every instance the
slate prevailed and the choice of the con
vention was made unanimous.
The minority delegates promised Un
faltering- devotion to the whole ticket.
The signal of loyalty all along:- the line
from the Twenty-eighth to the Forty
fourth district was greeted with cheers.
A little confusion was created by one
incident of the session. Judge George
OT. Schell, who went to the platform to
place General Salomon in nomination for
District Attorney, was overcome by an
attack of vertigo at the beginning of his
remarks. His place on the platform was
promptly filled by Colonel John C. Currier
of the Forty-first District. The incident
caused a demonstration in the ranks of
Senator McGowan's supporters, leading
them to entertain the hope that opposi
tion to their candidate had vanished.
A. Ruef participated in the proceedings
of the convention, and was selected by
the delegates representing the 'Forty
fifth Assembly District as a member of
the new governing body of the Repub
lican party of San Francisco.
NOMINATIONS ABE MADE.
Staunch and True Men Offered to
the Voters.
Chairman Partridge called the Republil
can Municipal Convention to order at 9:15
o'clock last evening, one hour and a quar
ter after the time scheduled for the meet
ing. The delay was caused by some trou
ble in making the slate satisfactory to the
friends of J. George Boyne and Colonel
Thomas F. O'Neil, who were candidates
for the nomination of County Clerk. The
first business of the evening was the nom
ination of a Public Administrator. Wil
liam E. Lutz was placed in nomination
by John T. Williams of the Thirty-ninth
District. Mr. Williams spoke as follows:
The Thirty-ninth Assembly District has
among Its residents a candidate for the office
of Public Administrator. Ours is a young dis
trict. It has the shortest political history of
any district in this city and county, and some
of the co-delegates of my delegation have sug
gested to me that, inasmuch as I was the
youngest delegate in our delegation I should
place his name before you ac being appropriate
to a young i>oliUcal assembly district.
The man whom we are to name for this of
fice ha* been a resident of this city and county
for thirty-five years. For many years laet past
he ha* been an ardent, rtaunch, earnest worker
rcr the Republican party. When 14 years of
age, having been born north of Mason and
Vixon't line, he enlisted in the Northern army
and fought through the war; his career there
was gallant and he was often commended. To
day he i« an honored member of the' George
H. Thomas Post. I think that you kuow whom
I mean, and -I place before this convention a*
a candidate for your consideration for nomina
tion to the office of Public Administrator of
this city and county William ,t Lutz. (Ap
plause.)
It is perfectly apparent to me that the
delegates to this convention know who Billy
Latz is; you all seem to know him. It is a
matter of the local history of this city that
Mr. ljutx w«i the secretary of the executive
committee of the Grand Array of the Republic
Commend Ticket
for Undoubted
Strength.
Mayor,
HENRY J. CROCKER,
Auditor,
HARRY BAEHR.
Treasurer,
JOHN E. M'DOUGAU).
Tax Collector,
, EDWARD J. SMITH.
Sheriff,
, HENRY H. LYNCH.
» Public Administrator,
WILLIAM E. LUTZ.
Recorder,
LOUIS JACOBS.
Assessor,
CHARLES LAUMEISTER.
* City Attorney,
PERCY V. LONG.
District Attorney, '
> EDWARD S. SALOMON.
Coroner,
DR. T. H. MORRIS.
Police Judges,
HENRY L. JOACHIMSEN
EDWARD S. SWEENEY.
Countv Clerk,
JOHN J. GREIF.
j Supervisors,
CHARLES B0XT0N,
HORACE WILSON,
FRED N. BENT,
L- A. REA,
FRED EGGERS,
GEORGE ALPERS,
W. W. SANDERSON,
J. I. STEPHEN,
THOMAS C. DUFF,
M. L. ASHER,
T. E. LTJNSTEDT,
ROBERT VANCE,
lffAXWELL McNTJTT,
E. H. AIGELTINGEB,
GEORGE R. WELLS,
WILLIAM BARTON,
GEORGE DIETTERT.E,
JOSEPH S. NTLAMD.
THE NOMINEES.
McGowan by the friends cf that candi
date, who were anxious to break tho
slate. Colonel John C. Currier sprang to
the platform and took Schell's place
and in an earnest speech nominated hid
friend. He spoke as follows:
It wa» my pleasure to know a distinguished
old soldier who fought through the war for
his country, and I am proud to bear the ban
ner of his tolls here to-night; a gentleman who
has been eloquent in the halls of legislation;
one who has distinguished himself in all the
walks of life. I was not Intending to place
him In nomination before thl3 convention, but
it teems Judge Schell has made a mistake, and
therefore I have assumed the honor, aa I be
lieve It to be, to nominate for ycur consider
ation to-night for the office of District At
torney, General Edward S. Salomon. General
Salomon has a distinguished war record. He
served through the war; enlisting In 1S61.
He served four years and three months, and
during that time he fought in more than two
dozen battles. General Salomon's name is
not only known here, but he has a national
reputation. He has been many times in offi
cial positions and In every position has dis
tinguished himself and discharged Its duties
with great honor and credit to himself and
his country. I ask you to cast your vote for
that distinguished soldier and that gallant
gentleman. General Edward S. Salomon. (Ap
plause.)
SECONDED BY WALDHE1MEB.
M. J. "Waldheimer of the Thirty-seventh
Assembly District the nomina
tion of General Salomon. A roll call soon
developed that McGowan was not in it.
Near thecloseof the roll call Savage moved
that General Salomon's nomination be
made by acclamation and the secretary
cast tho vote for the candidate. General
Salomon was invited to the platform and
when the applause had subsided spoke aa
follows:
This episode in this convention reminds me
of my younger days. There was a time whSn
I liked and admired a contest. Thoae con
tests were of a different kind, but still I en-
Joyed this one. And when 1 say I enjoyed it
I do not say anything that my friend Mr. Mtr-
Gowan may take exception to. He la a worthy
young gentleman, whom I honor and respect,
and while I am very much pleased and thank
you with all my heart for the confidence la
me that you have shown this evening. If . I
could not have had the majority of your votes
I could jiot have selected sl better iruin tH*ifi
Frank McGowan to get it. (Applause.)
Under the circumstances, and this being the
first contest there has been in this convention,
you will pardon me If I say a few more words
than you desire to hear. I am an old Repub
lican. I heartily approve of your platform and
the declaraticn of principles that was read to
you last night, but that Is not a difficult
thing for me to do. I have Indorsed, advo
cated, applauded and upheld the principles of
the Republican party from the days of Abra
ham Lincoln until now. (.Applause.)
The gentleman who received your nomination
for City Attorney, a worthy, good, strong young
man. was mentioned here n.-< a representative
of the younger element In this party; let me
be a representative of the old men in the party,
one of those who was present at the birth of
this great and glorious national party that has
carried our country to unprecedented victory,
prosperity and success. And to show you that
I am worthy of the confidence that you have
placed In me, I will pledge myself to work
from thia minute until the sun goes down on
November 3 with all the energy that Is in me.
with all the power I possess and with what
little ability Is mine for he success of the
whole Republican ticket that you place In the
field; and I tell you that I have no <<eiibt, un
der the present circumstances, with the great,
harmonious, united party that we now repre
sent, that our ticket next November will be
successful. To my friends here who have said
such kind word3 of me I am grateful, and to
you gentlemen for the preference you have
shown I extend my hearty thanks. I cannot
acknowledge your confidence and your kindness
any better than by endeavoring ttf have myself,
with all my associates on this ticket, elected,
and when elected endeavoring to discharge the
duties of this important office In such a man
ner that you will never regret your action la
selecting me.
MOREIS FC£t CORONER.
Nominations for Coroner were next ia
order and George A. McGowan of the
Forty-second Assembly District mounted
the platform and placed the name of Dr.
T. H. Morris before the convention. Ha
spoke, as follows:
It is Indeed a pleasure to m» at thl» time
to address this Republican Convention, tha
delegates to which reoresent a united Repul>
lican party. I believe that the citlzena of this
city and county are deeply sensible or an ob
ligation which they owe to the Republican
party for rescuing this city from an apparent
position of obscurity and lifting it into th«
gaze of the entire world as one of the most
prominent commercial cities In it. I believe
further that the citizens of this city are only
anxiously waiting for the opportunity to dem
onstrate that spirit by electing the nominees
that this convention has placed befcra them
without exception. The nominations that have
been made by this convention ar» those of
men of sterling character and worth, as well
as of stupendous political value. It is my
pleasure at thist time, and likewise an honor.
to place before you in nomin-atlon for -tha
office of Coroner a gentleman who possesses
the worth, private merit and sternness of
character that his business requires, equal
if not superior to that of any who have been
placed In nomination before this convention.
It is my pleasure to place in nomination Dr.
T. H. Morris for Coroner.
There was no opposition to Dr. Morris
and he was nominated by acclamation.
In accepting the nomination the doctor
said:
I thank you for this henor and tho confi
dence you have reposed 1 In me In selecting m«
aa your nominee for the office of Coroner. . I
am thoroughly in accord with the principles
of the party as stated In the platform and
heartily Indorse them. It is unnecessary for
me to state that 1 have beer, a life-long Re
publican; that I have lived in this city for
the last eighteen years, practicing my profes
sion. During the campaign I will not only
work for my own success, but for that of the
entire Republican ticket, and if I am elect.-'J
I will use my best endeavors to- cenduct my
office in a business 1 way and to the satisfac
tion of the entire people..
POLICE JUDGES.
P. A. Bergerot nominated Judge Henry
L. Joachimsen for Police Judge. la his
speech Mr. Bergerot spoke as follows:
I rise before you to submit to your favorably
consideration a candidate for Police Judge
whose very name Is an absolute guarantee of
aucces». The gentleman I have In Bdwl ha*
be«n Identified with the Republican party ever
since it came into existence; he has been
called time and again by It to pubMc station.
and he has never been known yet elttier to
fall of election, or when once elecu-'l. to prova
true to the trust reposed in him. !:>' Ions
and brilliant career upon the Justice's bench
and also upon the Police bench, he haa en
deared himself to every one with whom ho
has come in contact. If you • place the gen
tleman I am about to name ur^n the Repub
lican ticket I am confident that upbn tha
first of next year he will be m-en again di 3 
charging the responsible duties of that Im
portant office with his fame fairness, with th«
characteristic ability which has msde for him
an enviable record In the past. It Is with a
great sense of personal pleasure that I «ub
mit to you the honored name of that pioneer
Republican, Judge H. L. Joachimsen. .
M. J. Waldheimer of the Thirty-seventh
Assembly District placed the name of
Edwin M. Sweeney in nomination for Po
lice Judge. He spoke as follows:
It affords me great ¦ pleasure to propoee for
the office of Police Judge a gentleman who
»ill administer the office with credit, one who
has had a few days' experience Jn that offlc.
jne who ever since he r.as been a member of
the bar of this city has devoted his time to
the practice of the profession In the criminal
departments of Justice: a young man who was
reared In the officer of such able an-1 eloquent
gentlemen as Mr. Dennis Spencer, who is now
a memory, and Mr. McEnerney. who lives to
day an honored member of the bar of this city
»nd county and of this State; a gentleman wh",
even with the ability surrounding him of hla
masters In the Democratic "party, was not
moved from the principles of true Republican
ism. I take pleasure In nominating for the of
fice of Police Judge of this city and county
Edwin M. Sweeney.
Both candidates received the nomina-
Districts Select a
New Govern
ing Body.
Two Contests En
liven the Con
vention.
REPUBLICAN CONVENTION COMPLETES ITS TICKET
AND ADJOURNS WITH CHEERS FOR ALL ITS NOMINEES
Great Enthusiasm
Shown by the
Delegates.
Nominees Promise
to Work for
Ticket.
Continued on Page 0, Column 2.
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY. SEPTEMBER 25, 1903.
4A — Onelda. avenue. '•
B — Beginning of tunnel.
C — End of tunnel. • .
D— Eighteenth and Division, streets. , Here the bottom of the
main sewer, at a distance of* 20.0CO feet from the sewer out
let at North Deach. is 2 feet. and 7. inches below the wharf tops
on the city front.
E — Tenth ' and Harrison streets, to which point an extra high
tide will back up in the main newer, blocking the flow of sewage.
. F— Howard and Sixth streets. Here the bottom of the main
sewer will be 16 feet and 9 Inches below the street ¦ crossing, or
6 feet' and 9 Inches below the city base, which' means that
It is about at the level or ordinary high tide.
Map Showing Route of Main Sewer and Key to Points of Great Interest.
O — Second and Howard streets. Here the sewer will be 2
feet and 3 inche* below ordinary - Wen ¦ tide.
H— Sansome and California streets. The bottom of the
main sewer will here be S feet and 3 Inches lower than the or
dinary high tide level. '
I — Sansome ana Jackson- streets. The bottom of .the sewer
Is here 10 feet and 9 inches below -the . city base and 4 feet
below the level ; of ordinary hlsh tide.
J — End of tunnel, planned ' to run * from Pacific to Union
street. • - •
K— Outlet of main sewer at North Beach. 12 feet and 11
inches below the city base. This is « feet and 6 Inches below
ordinary high tide.
If so, loqk through our framed picture
department and see how beautiful and
attractive . the new : pictures are . and at
such moderate prices. Sanborn, Vail &
Co.. 741 Market st. BMsHHMifl
Interested in Frame. Pictures?
SACRAMENTO. Sept 24.— The City
Marshal at Jacksonville. Tex., to-day tel
egraphed Governor Pardee he Is certain
he has "Red Shirt" Gordon, the notorious
convict who escaped from Folsom prison
In July last. In custody. He says the
prisoner's appearance tallies with the de
scription of Gordon Issued by the peni
tentiary officials. "Warden Wilkinson be
lieves Gordon has been caught. He has
sent the convict's photograph to Texas.
Marshal May Have "Red Shirt."
AGED MAN IS HURLED
FROM VEHICLE TO GBOTJND
Painfully Injured While Driv
ing From Town.
Wealthy Pioneer of Sonoma County
SANTA ROSA, Sept. 24.— While driving
from this city to the home of his son at
Mount Olivet Thursday afternoon. L». S.
B. Slusser. an aged man. -was thrown
from his vehicle and sustained a fracture
of the right thigh. The Injury was the
result, of a runaway. In which Sluaser
was pitched headlong from the vehicle.
He had been in this city on business and
was returning to his son's home.
Slusser Is one of the wealthy men of
Sonoma County— where he has resided
over fifty years. He Is probably the old
est pioneer in this section of the State.
both in point of residence In the State
and in the years he has lived, being over
ninety years of age. The injured man
was brought to this city late this after
noon for medical attention.
New Theater for Santa Rosa.
SANTA ROSA, Sept. 24.— Santa Rosa
is to have a new theater. This afternoon
a lease was signed by the officials of the
"Woodmen's Hall Association, granting
the premises now in course of construc
tion here to the Novelty Theater Com
pany for a period of~nve years, with ap
option on three additional yeare. The
lease provides that the lessees carry on a
clean and moral show, with no drinking
or smoking to be allowed on the premises.
It is the Intention of the lessees to give
two performances each evening in their
theater. A \ modern theatrical front will
be placed in the building, and It will be
equipped with the latest appliances for
heating and lighting.
Zinc Found in Bel Norte.
GRANTS PASS. Or., Sept. 24.— A rich
zinc prospect has been discovered and Is
being developed in the French Hill dis
trict of Del Norte County. California, a
few miles south from the Oregon line.
The Iedg<j is over 100 feet In width and
can be traced by the outcropplngs for a
distance of 500 feet. A shaft has been
sunk on the ledge to a depth of sixty feet
and a crosscut driven In from this level to
ascertain the width of the ledge. This
crosscut passes through twenty-five feet
of ore that carries 75 per cent value In
zinc, with a fair showing of copper and
gold'.
Convict Captors May Wait.
SAQRAMENTO. Sept. 24.-UnIess the
State Board of Prison Directors will agree
to pay the rewards offered by the State
for the capture of the convicts who made
the late .break from the Folsom State
prison the* captors will wait an appropria
tion by the next session of the Legisla
ture for their money. Upon Investigation
It has been found that only $750 of the
money In the reward fund Is available
this year. The matter will be decided at
the next meeting of the State Board of
Examiners.
Smaller Hop Crop in Oregon.
PORTLAND. Or.. Sept. 24.— Baling of
the Oregon hop crop Is under way and
indicates a yield this year of about 80.000
bales, compared with 83,000 bales produced
last year. The quality is uneven. 20 per
cent being perfect hops, the remainder
more or less tainted with mold. The
market Is firm at^ 23 cents for choice.
Nearly 1000 bales'of prime to choice hops
•were sold to-day at 24 to 25 cents.
Trunks and Suit Cases.
"We give you the best value in trunks,
suit cases and traveling supplies In the
city. Look over our leather goods de
partment and bo convinced. Sanborn.
Vail & Co.. 741 Market at *
Army orders — Lieutenant Colonel George H.
Tomey. deputy surgeon general, is to take
charge of the medical supply depot. San
Frar.clsco. relieving Lieutenant Colonel Louis
M Maus. who is transferred to Fort Rlley.
Kan. ; Major George M. Wells, surgeon, goes
from Fort Bayard. N. M.. to San Francisco,
thence to the Philippines.
. Rural free delivery will be established No
vember 2 at Ceres. Stanislaus County, and
Toluca. Los Angeles County. Cal.
Fourth-class postmasters appointed: Cali
fornia — S. H. I^ucas. Cuyamaca. San Diego
County, vice Elton W. Lucas, resigned ; Ella
B. Klnton. Rosamond. • Kern County. vJc«
Charles A. Graves, resigned; J. Q. Ayars. San
Antcnio. San Bernardino County, vice Stephen
Mahood. resigned. Oregon— James B. Stratton,
Nye. Umatilla County, vice Henry Wright, re
signed: -R. A. Hutchlns. RBBselivllle. Multno
mah County, vice T. L. D. Thomas, resigned.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 24.— Postofflce estab
lished: . Oregon-— Berkeley. Umatilla County.
Thomas C. Gettlngs. postmaster. Postmasters
commissioned: California — Thomas B. Chap
man. Rivera. Oregon — Lydla J. Dascomb.
Ruckles. ,
Several Changes Are Made in the
Postal Service and Army Or
ders Issued.
The sewer question has been studied
with great care by The Call. The oppor
tunity is afforded for all citizens to do
the same in their own behalf.
To render every point clear to the read
er a map is herewith published, with a
key that shows clearly the nature of the
discoveries made: also their application.
On the map the solid black lines Indi
cate the sewer. ' The dotted lines show
where the two tunnels connecting with
the main sewer are to be placed. One
glance at thn maD will show that the
greater portion of San Francisco, as trib
utary territory, Is Immediately concerned.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
To extend this flow by an extra high
tide to Tenth and Harrison streets is
even more serious, although more excep
tional; but high tides are Inevitable every
year and the effect of this must be con
sidered In this, connection. The gravity
of the Questions Involved Is made more
striking by the fact that the sewer sys
tem Is to be put In for a long series of
years and the difficulties that Inhere in
the proposed system will be permanent.
The accuracy of the statements concern
ing the flooding of the main sewer by the
tides twice each day cannot be questioned
successfully.
Water seeks its own level. The bot
tom of the main sewer Is In many places
below the level of ordinary higrh tide.
Official records to be found at the City
Hall furnish the basl3 for each averment
concerning the main sewer in Its rela
tion to the level of the tides.
"While It Is a disaster to incur a debV
of millions of dollars for something that
is unsatisfactory and Inadequate, there is
also another side to. the matter, of pos
sibly greater gravity: If the bonds should
be Issued and the new sewer system
should be established and It should then
appear that the work had been performed
without proper consideration of all the
difficulties, and that they who had ad
vocated it zealously, with sincere desire
to promote the public good, had been as
the blind following the. blind, future fro
gress might be hampered badly by the
distrust naturally following so unfortu
nate an experience.
In consideration of the great sum of
money to be voted for the proposed sewer
system, and not less on account of vital
considerations of health and comfort, the
earnest attention of the business com
munity and of all good citizens is earn
estly Invited. The sources of information
are official and open to all. "What Is
meant by flooding the main sewer with
tidal water out to Sixth and Howard
streets twice every day in the year and
checking the flow of sewage in a vast
drainage area during the entire periods of
rising tides Is easily apparent to every
one.
The fall for the North Point main
through its course of nearly four miles,
and that largely in a populous district and
through the principal business part of
the city, is only one foot for every 1900
feet, or less than three feet to the mile. It
is very questionable .whether with that
low grade the sewage, largely mixed with
sand during the winter, will make its
way to the North Beach outlet, being
crowded back twice every day by the
tidal waters.
Feet to Mile of Pipes.
FALL IS VERY SLIGHT.
Grade Averages Less Than Three
In addition to the tidal difficulty In
volved In the sewerage system plan that
underlies the present proposition there Is
another serious physical condition to be
considered. For many years to come,
and Indeed until the enormous drainage
areas that have been herein enumerated
are covered with bitumen and cement
and houses, the great sand wash Into the
main, will be a source of trouble. Espe
cially in winter will there be an Immense
inflow of sand.
opposite to the direction of the current of
sewage will produce In the sewer calm
water and the heavy particles In the sew
age will be deposited. This will go' on
during- the entire period of the Inflow of
| the rising tides. As the extra high tide
runs more than two feet above the or
dinary high tide, and the sewer at North
Beach has an outlet of eight feet in
diameter, the sewer mouth will be com
pletely filled by such tide and there will
be an absolute blockade of the entire out
let. Meanwhile the tidal water will run
up as far as Tenth and Harrison streets.
All accumulated sewer gases will be
driven out through the cesspools at street
corners or into the houses of citizens.
Protection to. the public revenues ren
ders it necessary to discontinue the issu
ance of passes on revenue vessels, except
for cause, and no one is authorized to
gmnt such permits, except the Secretary.
Assistant Secretary of the Treasury, or
the Collector and Surveyor, acting
jointly.
Custom-house officials said yesterday
that the circular was not aimed at San
Francisco, but that it had been issued
because of certain abuses 'practiced In the
port of New York.
The baggage of no person shall be ex
pedited, and no special favors extended,
except In writing, signed either by the
Collector, and countersigned by the Sur
veyor, where there Is one, or by the Sec
retary or Assistant Secretary of the
Treasury, except in instances coming
clearly within the provisions of the fore
going paragraphs, and then only by the
joint action of the Deputy Collector and
Deputy Surveyor In charge of the pier,
which action, together with the reasons
therefor, shall be reported In writing by
such officers, respectively, to the Collector
and Surveyor within twenty-four hours
thereafter. Any violation of this rule will
be ground for instant dismissal.
All ladies traveling alone shall have
precedence in the examination of bag
gage, and the first inspectors In line ir
respective of personality shall be as
signed to this duty.
Custom-house d society was perturb*
yesterday over the receipt of a circular
from Leslie M. Shaw, Secretary of the
Treasury, limiting the extension of spe
cial courtesies to arriving passengers.
The favored passengers are foreign am
bassadors, ministers, charges d'affaires,
secretaries, naval, military and other at
taches of embassies, legations and high
commissioners and similar representa
tives of this government abroad return
ing from their missions, all of whom ar«
entitled by international usage to the
free entry of the baggage and effects of
themselves, their families and suites,
without examination. Added to the list
are such high officials of this and foreign
governments as shall be the subjects of
special instructions fro'ni the Treasury
Department.
'In the case of invalids and their com
panions, and of persons arriving In
charge of their dead, or summoned home
In haste by news of affliction or disaster,
or because of other- Imperative emer
gency, Instructions will be issued to facil
itate the landing and examination of
their baggage, but such instructions will
be construed as only relieving such per
sons from waiting their turn in line.
Their baggage will be carefully examined
and duties In full collected, as though no
favor had been shown. The word "courte
sy" has grown to have a meaning never
intended, and Its use must be avoided in
the issuance of personal consideration
cards.
Orders Inspection Courtesies
Confined to Proper
Officials.
Secretary of Treasury
Calls Attention to
an Abuse.
SPECIAL FAVOR
LIMIT DEFINED
RADICAL DEFECT IS DISCOVERED IN THE PROPOSED
CITY SEWER SYSTEM INVOLVING DIRE CONSEQUENCES
IT is ascertained that if the plans for a sewer system for this city, iforming. the basis i of the proposed sewer bond issue, are carried to accomplishment, owing to the
depression of the sewers below the city base there is -certain to be serious daily interference . owing _ to "the inflow of the tides twice every twenty-four hours. While
the tides are rising, the great North Point sewer, the main key to the entire system, will be practically, useless for hours. Sewage will be backed up twice daily.
Official figures, maps and records prove the accuracy of these statements. . '
:i Naturally, as the tide begins to rise,
the "flow into the sewer in the direction
wlil flow to Harrison and Tenth streets.
A stream six feet deep will enter the main
sewer at North Beach, the main being
there eight feet in diameter, and will flow
into the. sewer against the current", of
sewage ¦ that tries to come out, and this
inflow : will . reach, ; twice every day, to
Sixth and. Howard streets. ";-'.;.'.
From the foregoing. showing It will ap
pear that twice every > twenty-four hours,
as the tide rises,, the tidal water, will;en
ter the sewer, at North . Beach , and will
run- at ordinary high; tide .as far, up, as
Sixth and | Howard streets, where at will
meet i the 'sewage .flow. Extra high 'tides
"will, be' found to.be 12 feet 11 inches .be
low the city: base and 6 feet 2 inches be
low the ordinary high tide. ... , . ¦
On the waterfront, at the crossing of
Dunont street, the bottom of ¦ the main
sewer will be, at its bottom, ten feet, ana
nine inches below the: city base, or four
feet below ordinary high tide.'
Where Sansome and . Chestnut streets
cross the bottom of the '. main will be
twelve feet below, the city base, or !flve
feet and three inches. below ordinary high
tide. \ : . ¦. •¦¦••¦-• •••-., - ' • f
Penniless Man Ends His Life.
' -OS ANGELES. Sept. 24.-The dead
¦" ¦'>' cf a man supposed to be A. L. Mil-
>er. a ranch laborer, was this morning
f jund in East Lake Park, where he had
*¦*¦>' 1 himself with a revolver during the
riffht. Two bullet boles were found in
the man's body and a revolver was
• lutch^d In his hand. From papers in
Miller's pocket it was learned that he
l:t"i born a member of the Maquon, III.,
lxid R e of Knixhts of Pythias and that in
IW7 a. traveling card of the I. O. O. F.
had been issued him from the Jefferson,
HI., lodge. The man was apparently a
sufferer from consumption, and was pen
niless.
Buy your watches at Lundy's, 4 Third
tlrctt and 752 Market street. m
Ptomaine Poisoning Results From
Consumption of Unripe Fruit
in an Orchard.
WOODLAND, Sept. 24.— Vera and Mil
dred Gould, aged 4 and 3 years, respec
tively, died yesterday evening from pto
maine poisoning due to eating green al
mond? at a ranch near this city. Since
Jp.Ft Friday physicians were almost con
stantly at their bedside, but all medical
efforts were In vaTn. Vera died at 4
o'clock and her sister followed her fifteen
mtaotea later.
The rir-rr-ased were children of Mr. and
Mrs. Jo. Gould. They will be buried to
morrow in one casket.
CHILDREN DIE AFTER
EATING GBEEN ALMONDS
Since the original plan for the North
Point main was made it has been deter
mined to change the route for a part of
the distance. It was originally intended
to have the main sewer along Montgom
ery street. Upon further investigation,
as set up in a supplementary 1 report that
was filed last July with the Board of
Supervisors, "it has been found prefer
able to adopt a route from Howard street
along Second street to Market, a short
distance on Market street to Sansome and
along Eansome street to the northern
water front, northwesterly to the point
of outfall heretofore selected, as shown
on the plans."
This change causes the North Point
main to run under Sansome street
through the wholesale section Instead of
through Montgomery street. Attention is
called to this In all fairness, as the pro
files supplied to the public by the City
Engineer apply to Montgomery' street, in
etead of Sansome. The question of the
effectiveness of the North Point main
sewer Is no way concerned with this
change, as the grades are only so slight
ly different as to make no essential dfl
ference In considering the Inflow of the
tidal waters and the backing up of all
sewage during such twice dally run.
BELOW THE BASE LINE.
At Sixth and Howard Streets Oppos
ing Currents Will Meet.
\ At Howard and Second streets the bot
tom of the proposed sewer will be abqut
nine feet below the city base, or two feet
an8 three inches below ordinary high
tide.
At\ the crossing of California and San
sodka streets. In the very, heart of the
banking and wholesale section of San
FrancVsco. the bottom of the North. Point
main *ill be ten feet below the city base,
or threi feet and three inches below or
dinary b.igh tide. ' .
At Sansome and Jackson streets the
Nearly four miles from the point where
the outlet of the North Point main sewer
is to be, or a distance of about 20,000 feet,
namely at Division and Eighteenth
streets, near the junction of Treat avenue
and Eighteenth street, It Is' ascertained
from the profiles furnished by the City-
Engineer In the report on a system of
sewers, that there the bottom of the
sewer will be two feet and seven inches
below the city base, or two feet and seven
Inches below the tops of the wharves on
the city front.
At the crossing of Howard and Sixth
streets, where the .grade of the%treet Is
ten feet above the city base, the bottom
of the main sewer is planned to lie six
teen feet and nine Inches below the
street crossing, or- six feet and nine
Inches below the city base, which means
that it Is about the level of ordinary high
tide. An extreme high tide runs about
two feet and three Inches higher than the
ordinary high tide. This would put the
bottom of the sewer at Sixth and Howard
streets two fset and three inches below
the level of an extreme high tide.
Official mar>s that have been consulted
show that the North Point main sewer is
so far belo^r the city base line that twice
dally it will ba flooded by the tide to
Sixth and Howard streets. During these
periods of tidal flow the sewage will be
crowded backward. The gases In the
sewer will be forced out through cess
pools and into dwellings, corrupting the
air and bringing diseases.
In no spirit of hostility does The Call
this morning direct attention to the per
tinent facts that constitute the very core
cf the sewer question. The astonishing
discovery, epitomized in the foregoing, of
such great importance to the people, is
given publicity as soon £.s possible. Many
taxpayers, learning the facts, -will find
herein a timely and necessary warning.
By the facts alona can this article b«
Judged. It cannot but appear that the
sewer system as designed is wrong in con
ception. There is yet time for deliberate
and sober consideration.
Attention is invited to the statements
that follow, all of which are based upon
official records, ine'erfing the profiles to
be found in iha "report on a system of
sewerage for the city snu county of San
Francisco," ¦which has received official
sanction and en the publications in whicr.
the city base line :s set down. The city
base coincides with the tops of the
wharves on the citv front.
Inflow From Bay Interferes With
Operation of Drain.
CROWDS SEWAGE BACK.
If the sewer system shall be constructed
a3 planned by the city authorities it is
definitely ascertained the great North
Point main sewer, which is to drain the
greater part of the city, will, for a long
distance, twice every day In the year be
flooded by the ordinary high tides and the
tide waters will run twice every twenty
four hours through the sewer to the junc
tion of Slxthvind Howard streets. Every
extra high tide, such as is common at a
certain season, will back up in the sewer
as far as Tenth and Harrison streets.
The business section of the city Is to
be drained by. the North Point main
sewer. The lands to be served by this
sewer include also the Islais Creek dis
trict up to Ocean View station, the entire
Hayes Valley district, the Park Pan
handle district, the entire Mission district
¦west of Harrison street and up to
Twenty-sixth street and the entire south
erly slopes of Pacific Heights clear down
to the line of the sewer.
The North Point main sewer is the
principal key to the entire proposed new
eewer system. Instead of running off sew
age from the higher levels to the water
the plan has been based upon running
everything down to zero and there trying
to handle it. This Is as if a sixteen-stjry
building wcr-i to be drained first into the
basement and then an effort should ba
made to get rid of the incubus unneces
sarily brought there.
cisco, which Is the basis of the
proposed issue of sewer bond3 to the ex
tent of several millions cf dollars. A care
ful Investigation establishes this fact, and
it becomes a public duty to make the
facts known, plainly and clearly, so .that
they may be fully understood by all citi
zens.
THE astonishing discovery has
been made by The Call that
there is a radical defect In the
official plan for a sewer sys
tem for the city of San Fran-
BAKERSFIELD, Sept. 24.— The motion
for a change of venue In the case of the
people against Alfred W. Hulse, charged
with the murder of Officers Packar/d and
Tibbet, came up this morning in the Su
perior Court. Judges Bennett and Mahone
presiding. Eighteen witnesses from all
parts of the county were closely cross
examined as to the prevailing sentiment
in their respective communities in regard
to the Innocence or guilt of the defendant
and whether or not a fair and impartial
trial could be had In Kern County.
With a few exceptions the witnesses de
clared such could and would be had. All
agreed that there had been much excite
ment at the time of the shooting — some
had heard loose talk of lynching, but
nothing of that kind was attempted, and
it was only the result of momentary pas
sion, now entirely subsided. After the
examination the court announced that the
matter ¦would be taken under advisement
and a decision rendered on Monday morn
ing next.
Kern County Men Declare That
Hulss Can Have a Fair
Trial.
Recorder Godchaux said that he had
not been consulted regarding tha bring
ing of the suit to determine the legal term
of his and other offices.
"I was elected Recorder." said God
«-haux. "only after I had pledged alle
giance to the charter, which I regard as
the supreme <Jaw of the municipality. I
am loyal to that allegiance and have no
desire to have any court rulmg on the
point."
District Attorney Bylngton Is not a par
ty to the suit. He said yesterday that he
haffxbsolutely no interest in it.
WITNESSES ABE STJBE
PREJUDICE IS DEAD
Just who shall defray the costs of the
EUit is a question that is bothering Ma
hony. He expected that when he an
nounced his intention of fighting to hold
the office the men employed by him as
courtroom clerks, copyists and deputies
would fleck to his support and dig into
their pockets for funds to keep him where
he is. In fact, John McKenna, a hench
man of the County Clerk, was sent upon
a trip through the office to feel the finan
cial puls« of the men. Ills reception was
not warm, for Mahony's clerks rather like
the idea of drawing full salaries during
the last few months of Mahony's tenure
of office, and they made unexpected re
pponses that dampened McKenna's zeal.
Some eald they would see about the as
sessment and others flatly refused to "put
up." The number that refused was aug
mented after the clerks had a chance to
discuss the matter, so Mahony was com
pelled to go ahead on his chances of col
lecting from those who said they would
••>ps about It" and the hope that If his
Euit Is successful the other officers whom
a favorable opinion will affect will help
him raise counsel fees.
Deputy Sheriff George Hare, in the ab-
Fpnce of Sheriff LackSTann. stated yes
terday that his chief is not a party to the
FUit brought by Bradley. Hare Bald that
Lackmann had been importuned for the
last six months to contribute toward the
rxp*>nse of bringing the suit, but had re
fused. Lackmann believe^rthat the char
ter fixing the term of his office at two
y*>ars Is the law.
The fact that A. B. Mahony is very fond
of the position of County Clerk, despite
the fact that eince his election he has re
ceived but tev words of praise for his
.method of conducting It, has long been
known, as has also been the fact that he
lr.ter.dcd to make a battle to keep the
position for four years. His frequent
threats to test the validity of the law
that declares that a County Clerk shall
or.Iy held office for but two years cul
minated yesterday in the filing of a suit
for en Injunction restraining the Election
Commissioners and Registrar "Walsh from
spending any of the city f s funds In mak
ir.g any preparation for the election of a
fuccessor to Mahony at the coming elec
tion. To add a flavor of sincerity to the
suit and probably to reduce the expense
of the- action to Mahony, the court Is
asked to prevent the city officials from
expending any money in furthering the
ambitions of those who at the recent con
ventions were nominated for the offices of
Recorder. District Attorney. Coroner,
Public Administrator and Sheriff. The
suit is brought by Richard Bradley, a
personal friend of the County Clerk and
on© who, according to a statement made
by Mahony, Is indignant because the law
cuts short Mahony's period of usefulness.
Mahony's attorney Is Peter F. Dunne.
"vThlle there are no grounds of action set
forth in the complaint except that of
needless expense to the city, it is expected
that when the case comes before Judge
Scawell the point will be that the office
of the County Clerk Is a county office.
and therefore not governed by the city
charter.
the Tide.
Pipe in Business
Center Below
Most of His Deputies Refuse
to Further His Ambition
With Their Cash.
Tidal Water Flow
Will Back Up
Sewage.
He Desires to Remain
County Clerk Two
Years More.
MAHONY LIKES
TO HOLD OFFICE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI/L, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 25, 1903.
Menace to Health
of- Municipality
in Sight.
Twice Every Day-
Blockade Is
Certain.
5Factions Vote Harmoniously on Mo
tion to Adjourn.
DEMOCRATS DO NOTHING.
Taylor, J. P. Feno and J. J. Callahan.
• Thirty-fourth— J. J. Hore, A. Duffe*. Fred
Severance. P. J: Grey."
Thirty-fifth— John D. Daly, "W. A. Brown,
Clifford McClelland, John S. Partridge,
Thlrty-«lxth— M. V. Taylor. Hugh W. Fraser,
J. H. W. Muller, Eugene Pfaefne.
Thirty-seventh — W. J. Younp, John Green, J.
R. McGufflck. F.'Boeckman Jf.
Thirty-eighth — C. C. Morris, Frank Grimes,
Jesse Mayer, J. F. Nourse.
Thirty-ninth— Ed Beeler, J. A. Rutherford,
T. E. Atkinson, J. B. Whitney.'
Fortieth— Henry Ach, Charles Barllnr, J.
Henderson, S. FelBenbaum.
Forty-first— H. O. Beatty, H. J. P«raxzl, M.
Josephson, R. N. Frlck.
Forty-second— Don R. Dunbar, B. G. Knapp,
R. A. Greer, James A. Clover.
Forty-third— Thomas D. Rlordan W. H. Gal
lasher, Thomas K. McCarthy, Phil J. Hasklns.
Forty-fourth— M. "W. Brady, E. S. Strauss,
Richard Ryan, Thomas H. Lindsay.
Forty-fifth— A. Ruef, Louis Strohl, B. M.
Buckley, Jules E. Berees.
The seventy-two foregoing names, to
gether with eighteen to be appointed at
large by Chairman Partridge, will con
stitute the governing body of the party
In San Francisco for the next two years.
The convention adjourned sine die, with
three rousing cheers for the ticket
In England ninety-nine towns own their
own gas works,' the average net Income
being Jl.947,125 per annum.
J...P. Humphreys, an enfeebled man,
71 .vears of age, came to the city a few
days ago from Salem, Ore., where his
wife died recently. He desired to be away
f rom, the scenes surrounding his married
life. He registered at the Brooklyn Ho
tel and yesterday morning after break
fast left the hotel for a walk. He was
followed by , Tom Furey, a well known
bunko man, who accosted him and said
that his cousin was a banker in Salem.
Furey took, the old man to a room In
the Vendome House, 1104 Market street,
where were his brother, Joseph Furey,
and Harry "Walters and James Lestrange.
The old man had $105 In his pockets, and
the bunko men began to play a game
of poker. The old man was asked to
take a hand. He told them he did not
understand the game and expressed his
astonishment at being taken there. Jo
seph Furey was seen by Detectives Ryan
and Taylor going Into the Vendome House
and they followed him. The officers found
the old man in the room with the bunko
men and he told them his story. The
bunko men were placed under arrest and
locked up in the "tanks" at the City
Prison.
J. P. Humphreys of Salem, Ore., Is
• Rescued -in Time by Two
Detectives.
. The woman was charged with firing five
shots at Joseph Gagan of 24 Franklin
street in her rooms at 1 Fifth street on
May 3. Each of the bullets took effect.
She claimed that Gagan attempted to
choke her, but he denied, it, and said the
shooting was entirely unprovoked. Four
years ago the woman fired three shots
at George Bowers, a grocery clerk, In
her rooms on Grant avenue, and at that
time was sent to the Insane asvlum at
Kapa and was released about a year ago.
Mrs^rEtta Fltzgibbons. was convicted by
a Jury. in. 'Judge 'Cook's- court yesterday
on the charge of assault to murder and
will be sentenced to-morrow. There was
a question raised as ; to her sanity, ; and
she was cent last week to the. Insane
ward in the Central Emergency Hospital
for observation.- A, Jury was impaneled
to- decide the auestion and after hear
ing the testimony of E>rs. McGettigan and
Lustig last Saturday the Jury declared
that the woman was sane. Her attorney
made the plea of insanity as a defense,
and it was remarked as strange that
two of the Jurors accepted to try the
case had acted on the Jury on the ques
tion of Insanity.
Fires Five Shots at Joseph Gagan in
Her Rooms "Without Any, •.!::;;¦
" \ f Provocation.' . '
OLD MAN FALLS INTO
i HANDS OF BUNKO MEN
ROCHESTER, N.Y., Sept. 24.— At least
four lives wero lost in the flre which de
stroyed the Hotel Brunswick to-day. The
bodies were taken from the third floor and
are not identified. About forty guests,
most of them visitors to the annual
county fair, here, were In the \ building
when the -fire broke out about 1 o'clock.
It is believed that the remains of other
guests not accounted for will be found in
the ruins. The register of the hotel was
destroyed in the fire and the list of guests
could not be secured.
The fire originated- in the explosion of
a kerosene lamp in the kitchen and by
the time the fire companies had arrived
the building- was in flames. A. E. McCue
jumped from the second-story window
and. was seriously, If not fatally injured.
Another man, unidentified, Jumped from
the third-story window and landed on the
electric light wires, from which ho was
removed, seriously Injured, . by the ' fire
men. The monetary" loss is $15,000.
Flames Spread Rapidly and Sleepers
on Upper Floors Are Unable
to Escape.
POUR ... GUESTS PERISH
IN A BURNING HOTEL
ATLANTIC CITY, N. J.. Sept 24.-Atto
day's pessipn of the National Conference
of the Unitarian and other churches, Hon.
Carroll D. Wright, the Labor Commis
sioner, was unanimously re-elected presi
dent.. Other officers elected were several
vice presidents. Including George Perkins
cf San Francisco, and a commltte© on fel
lowship, whose Pacific Coast members are
Hev. George W. Stone. San Francisco;
Rev. Thomas L. Elliott. Portland, Or.,
end Rev. Frederick L. Hosmer, Berkeley
Cal.
Californians Are Honored.
The special committee on Supervisors
presented the followins report:
Mr. Chairman and Gentlemen of the Conven
tion: We, the undersigned, your special com
mittee appointed to consider the names of the
candidates suggested by the delegates from the
various districts fcr tho office of Supervisor and
to recommend therefrom eighteen names for
nomination by the committee, respectfully re
port that, after carefully considering a very
large number of names presented, we recom
mend that the following be nominated. We are
confident that they will be found of such quail,
ficatlons that they will not only meet your ap
pro\al, but also the approbation of the electors
of fan Francisco: *
Charles Boxton, incumbent, 60 Pierea street,
dentist.
Horac* Wilson, Incumbent, 1330 Washington
ttreet. Insurance.
Fred N. Bent. Incumbent, 2600 Folsom street,
wine* and liquors.
L. A. Rea, Incumbent, 703% Green street,
paints and oils.
Fred Eggers, Incumbent, 302 Gough street,
coffee dealer.
George Alpers, ; incumbent, 856 Fifth street,
W. W. Sanderson, 1218 Hyd» street, mer
chant. • -
J. I. Etephen, C23 McAllister street, physi
cian.
Thomas C. Duff. 400 Pennsylvania street,
cooper.
M. L. Asher. 2318 Sacramento street, attor
ney.
T. E. l/un«tedt, 8 Powell street, wines and
liquors.
Robert Vance. 226 North <Wlllard street,
plumber.
Maxwell McNutt, 2410 Stelner street, attor*
H. Aigeltlnger, 1762 Ellis street, hay
and grain.
George R. Wells, 1004 Geary street, attorney.
William Barton, 1212 Union street, painter.
George Dietterle. 427 Capp street, merchant.
Joe?ph S. Nyland, 41 Prospect place, cooper.
ReFpectfulhy submitted, Charles T. Lindsey
(chairman). C. G. Clinch, Charles R. Burke,
Louis 6. Beedy, Jchn B. Rider, A. A. Gralnl,
C. J. McQueny, I. -Werthelmer and John J.
H ° We ' GREET A WINNER.
Nominations for County Clerk brought
forth a contest John J. Grelf, the pop-
MRS. ETTA FTTZGTBBONS
CONVICTED BY A* JURY
Charles T. Lindsey of the Forty-second,
Assembly District presented the report
of the Committee on Supervisors. As the
names of the eighteen candidates selected
by the committee were read off, the dele
gates and gallery cheered their- favorites.
The report which was adopted by the del
egates is as follows:
COMMITTEE ON SUPERVISORS.
tlon at the hands of the convention, but
were not invited to appear on the . plat
form and thank the delegates and Indorse
the platform. The hour was getting late
and - these preliminaries had to v be over-,
looked. i i --' •*
COUNTY COMMITTEEMEN.
County committeemen from, each As
sembly district as follows were elected:
Twenty-eighth District — Walter Larsen. Wal
ter McCarthy, Peter Kelley and Ed Houghey.
Twenty-ninth District — Leon Samuels, J. F.
Collins, D. J. Crane and R. Cox.
Thirtieth District— J. Roach, T. Sullivan, P.
H. Pendergast and J. F. Lawler. '
Thirty-first District — J. A. Hoey, J. Lucey,
D. Nichols and William Symon. . .
Thirty-second District — George W. Penning
ton James Johnson, L.. Cull and James M.
Kelly.
Thirty-third District— James J. Ryan, I*, A.
The speaker continued at great length
praising his candidate. Time was called
on him and he had to desist. A. Van der
Naillen Jr., who was a candidate 'for the
nomination, took the. platform to second
the nomination of Greif and also appealed
to th« delegates who intended to support
him to throw their support to Grief.
Thomas Maher placed Colonel Thomas F.
O'Neil in nomination. He said he knew
Mr. O'Nell had no chance of securing tho
nomination, although he had some days
ago. He praised the colonel highly. He
told of his splendid military record and
of his high standing in the community.
The friends of George J. Boyne evidently
advised him to withdraw from the fight
and his name was not mentioned. A roll
call developed the following vote: Grelf,
299%; O'Neil, 19H-
Cheers were given for "Johnny" Greif
and he took the platform to thank the
convention and also to indorse the ticket.
Cheers were given for Henry J. Crocker
and the entire ticket. The delegates left
the hall in numbers.
Chairman Partridge announced as a
purity committee R. H. Countryman,
John F. McGowan, E. M. Ritter, T. E.
Havens and C. A. Son.
ular deputy in the office of the County
Clerk, was an easy victor , over Colonel
: Thofnas F. O'Nell. Leon Samuels of the
Twenty-ninth Assembly District placed
Greif .in nomination. He spoke as fol
lows: '.i •-
I esteem It & great pleasure to be able to
participate- In the deliberations of this con
vention, but I esteem it a greater pleasure and
a higher honor to be able to present to you
the name of that grand man, that loyal friend,
that noble, stanch and stalwart Republican,
John J. Grelf. (Applause.) The office of
County Clerk, gentlemen, in years past, ba*
been the storm center of many a political bat
tle, but despite the fact the battle has waged
fiercely above the heads of the Incumbents of
that office, no matter how fiercely, no matter
how Btrongr the opposition, there has been one
man in that County Clerk's office who haa
been thoroughly free from the breath of sus
picion, and that man, gentlemen, is John J.
Grelf. (Applause.)
Continued From Pago 4,. Column 7.
Stationery and 'Printing.
If- you will order your engraved in
vitations, announcements, visiting cards
and fine stationery from, us, you will get
the best work .ind the lowest prices.
Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market st. •
anNNEAPOIJS, S«pt. 34.— Governor -Van
Sant formally stated to-day that he will' not
be a candidate ] tor Untt«* 8tat«»-««a*Q* to
succeed Senator Clasp.
REPUBLICAN CONTENTION COMPLETES ITS TICKET.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 24.— Commissioner
Richards of the General Land Office to
day named November 10 next at 9 a. m.
as the date of the opening to settlement
of the 750,000 acres of ceded Chippewa
lands in Minnesota, recently segregated
from the timber land of that reserva
tion.
Chippewa Lands to Be Thrown Open.
EMPOIUA. Kans.. Sept. 24.— Dr. Charles
Gardiner, ona of tha most prominent sur
geons in the State, died of heart failure
to-day while performing an operation.
The patient suffered a severe hemorrhago
before another physician could be sum
moned. ¦ "
Dies While Perf orming aa Operation.
The men have demanded 22 cents an
hour, the abolition of ' the "split runs"
system and recognition of the union.
President McCarter of the public service
corporation, which controls most of. the
trolley lines, had practically promised
that the company ' would accede to the
men's demands, but it is understood to
night that there has been objection to
this on the part of some directors.
Coming as it did at the busiest traffic
hour cf the day. the strike caught thou
sands of working people and shoppers
unprepared. Many of them were <om>
pelled to walk miles to their homes- in
the suburbs.
NEWARK, N. J.. Sept 24.-The biggest
rtrike in Newark in the post twenty
years began to-night and extended until
at midnight not a street railway car was
running except under police guard. It is
expected that by to-morrow the strike
will have extended to the power-houses,
including those that supply the lighting
circuits. The grashouse employes are said
to be ready to go out and complete the
t!e-up. The Newark trolley men declare
the strike will be general through Essex,
Hudson, Passaic and Union counties be
fore noon to-morrow. *
Street Cars Are Tied TJp and the
Movement Will Spread.
BIG STRIKE IN NEWARK.
Miners "Withhold Strike Order.
PUEBLO,. Colo., Sept 24.— After consid
erable discussion over the matter the con
vention of tha Fifteenth District United
Mine Workers of America to-day decided
that no strike would ba declared until
after an ultimatum had been submitted
to the mine owners of the district To
morrow the reports of committees will be
heard/ and it is expected that the ulti
matum to the mine owners will be
adopted. . ' v «^
Flour Mills Are Closed.
MINNEAPOLIS, Sept 24.-Fourteen of
the seventeen flour mills belonging to the
Pillsbury-Washburn, the Washburn-Cros
by and tho Consolidated milling compa
nies have been closed down by the strike
begun last midnight The remaining three,
which belong to the Washburn-Crosby
Company, will be closed down as soon as
the wheat In the bins runs out.
Messenger Boys Quit Work.
CHICAGO. Sept. 24.— About 400 messen
ger boys employed by .the Illinois District
Telegraph ' Company struck to-day as a
protest against the employment of colored
boys and to secure an increase in wages.
.BEDFORD. Ind.. Sept. 24.— All the stone
cutters T of the Bedford district struck to
day on orders from BL Louis to either
quit work or surrender, their charter. , ,
Stonecutters Obey Strike Call.
<• a ¦ • - ¦•- - ¦ ¦• !.
Paso, Texas, the final choice being left
to a vote of the locals throughout the
country. To-day seven district vice,presi-'
dents were elected as follows r If. J.
Sweek, New York; E. T. Mallory, ' Boston ;
E. P. Almon, Pittsburgh, Dale Smith,
Memphis; F. Witters, Omaha; J. P. Con
nors, Dallas, Texas; M. J. Sullivan, San
Francisco. -
CINCINNATI, Sept 24.— Tha lockouts of
the National Marble I>ealers' Association,
inaugurated ¦. to establish the system of
open shops, ended to-day, When the; shops
here openedto union and non-union men.
LYNN, Mass., . Sept. 24.— Because of
overproduction the General Electric Com
pany is to reduce its working force by
about 5000 men. ,-. - • -¦ •; i
In the ¦world, will close down Saturday
afternoon indefinitely. Manager .Greer
states that needed repairs will necessi
tate the closing of the mill for one month;
but it Is believed that it will be idle foe
a longer period. The Greer tin -mill will
continue in operation. ' The market Is well
stocked. * . . • • '
¦ The strike of the union miners was or
dered at Cripple Creek about the middle
The news was spread about the camp
quickly and there was soon talk of or
ganized resistance against the actions of
the military. The union men are in a
savage mood and only an order from Gov
ernor Peabody directing that Chase re
lease the prisoners can avert civil war.
- OB.IGHT OF THE TROUBLE.
United States Senator Patterson and ex-
Governor Thomas, who were a few days
ago engaged by the County Commission
ers as counsel to advise them during the
occupation of the district by the military,
were in the courtroom and pleaded with
the spectators to be calm. For a moment
it appeared that blood would be shed, but
the gentlemen prevailed on the people and
some order wa6 restored.
Several members of the throng made in
timidating remarks and an order was
given by the officer in command to bring
bayonets Into requisition. The soldiers
responded quickly and drove the crowd
at the point of the bayonet to the rear
of the courtroom.
and the militia as a result of
the refusal of General John Chase to obey
the order of Judge Seeds in the District
Court to-day, directing that he, discharge
fnyn the custody of the military four
prisoners for whom writs of habeas cor
pus were issued. The court decided that
the military could not supersede tha civil
•authorities under the provisions of both
the Federal 1 and % the State 'constitutions,
and ordered the men released, but General
Chese refused to comply with the order
of the court and. In the face of a threat
ening crowd of union miners, took the
prisoners from the courtroom back to
Camp Goldfleld, near Victor.
After the defl was made by General
Chase to the court a scene was enacted
which has hardly a parallel In the history
of the country. Mrs. Sherman Parker,
wife of one of the prisoners, threw her
self between the soldiers and Parker and
shouted that no power would tear her
from her husband. When a soldier seized
her and made an effort to put her aside
she swooned in his arms and the crowd
pressed about the excited group.
BAYONETS ARE "USED.
G RIPPLE CREEK, Colo., Sept.
24.— Unless Governor Peabody
acts with much expedition 'there
is Imminent danger of a con
flict between the striking miners
Special DIepalch to The Call.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Sept. 24.— Sam
Parks and his followers are now prac
tically In control of the convention of the
International Association of Bridge and
Srtuctural Iron Workers. Parks and his
friends are reticent about what they will
do with their power, but it is claimed by
the Parks element that R. EX Nedig,
president of the union of which they are
members in New York, and Frank Buch
anan, president of the international as
sociation* have been repudiated and will
be. deposed.. Parks says that Kedig was
deposed .before he. left. New York for. the
convention, but that upon the return to'
New York of the delegation- decisive ac
tion will be taken in regard to Nedig.
"So far as concerns building operations
now under way, it is safe to say that the
Employers' Association feels perfectly
easy. It has enough iron workers in tho
independent union to supply its demand."
"The Employers'. Association Is abso
lutely unconcerned wjiether Parks won or
lost at Kansas City, so far as Its cam
paign is concerned," said L. K. Prince,
vice president of the organization. "Of
course, it regrets to see that a convicted
felon Is leader of 4000 workmen. We are
recognizing that his apparent victory out
there will postpone the dissolution of his
empire. Wo will go ahead dealing only
with unions that have -signed the arbi
trary agreement.
"These union men who have followed
Parks blindly will be enthusiastic now and
no doubt will reaffirm their allegiance to
him with extravagant demonstration, but
the time is coming when they will realize
what this has cost them. Tha realiza
tion will be forced on them by the dis
covery that this winter there will be less
work for them than there has been in
many years.
' • - at Kansas City it is estimated
that there will be, less- building operations
begun in this city the coming winter than
there. has been for. many years.
Expert builders to-day said it would
make at least J20.000.000 . difference in tha
yearns record and thera f would ba no great
resumption. until Parks and his men wera
finally conquered. Member* of the Em
ployers', Association) were emphatic- In de
claring 1 .; that tho removal of tha ban
against Local No. 2; by the convention
would, nave absolutely no effect on their
present -plan, of campaign- It will be the
capitalist who will be the faltering one.
He will prefer to keep his money in his
strong.,box rather than see it Ho Idle by
possible cessation of work on his enter
prises. ¦ ; .
¦DTk, mGW YORK. Sept. 34.— By tho
j^. |T: victory of Samuel J. Parks
I before the convention of the
I National Association of Bridge
¦Ob and Structural' Iron Workers
Special Dispatch to 'The Call.
Strikes and Over-Production Stop Wheels of Industry;
and Throw Thousands Out of Employment.
purpose of inducing the Independent glass
manufacturers to close their factories
until the business outlook became more
favorable. This expenditure had resulted
in much displeasure, especially among
the Western Jobbers, but when it was
explained that the window glass business
would have been practically demoralized
if the money had not been expended, the
association unanimously indorsed the ac
tion of the president and the executive
committee.
- NEWCASTLE, Pa., Sept 24.—Announce
ment was made* here to-day by General
Manager George Greer of the American
Tin Plate Company that tha Shenango
tin mill, the largest plant of the kind
PEORIA. 111., Sept. 24.— J. L. Ward
of the firm of J. N. Ward, one of
the largest manufacturers of shirts
and overalls In the West, to-day
announced that they would retire from
business at once, their factory dismantled
and the machinery shipped to some other
.city. This action follows the strike of the
garment workers, which has been on' since
December.
DETROIT. Mich., Sept. 24.— The Win
dow Glass Jobbers' Association this af ter
hoon took action in regard to the expen
diture of the $20,000 made by President
W. H. Gray of Syracuse, -N. -T., and the
executive committee last spring-, for the
of August by the Western Federation of
Miners in support of mill men at Color
ado City and other points who had for a
long time been contending for an eight
hour day. The mine owners, alleging- that
a large percentage of the men desired to
work If protection were assured, called
upon Governor Peabody for troops, al
though the local authorities denied the
necessity for such a course. The Gov
ernor, however, decided that troops, were
needed and on September 4 ordered al
most the entire National Guard of the
State, about 1000 men, to the district, un
der command of Brigadier General Chase.
Since that time several prominent mem
bers of the Miners' Union, including all
the members of the executive committee,
which had the strike in charge, have been
arrested without warrant and held in the
guardhouse. Habeas corpus proceedings
were begun in their behalf last week.
General Chase and his legal advisers held
that though martial law had not been
formally declared, It was really put in
force by the order issued by the Governor
directing the troops to maintain order,
and therefore the civil court had no Juris
diction.
GOVERNOR PEABODY YTF,LT>S.
DENVER, Colo., Sept. 24.— Governor
Peabody said this afternoon that the de
cision of Judge Seeds in the habeas corpus
cases at Cripple Creek would be respected.
He Bald that the formal order m the case
would be issued from headquarters in
the field. Said he:
Judge Seeds has decided agulnst tha military,
and. as the National Guard Is In the. district
for the purpose of aiding the courts and civil
authorities generally, there was nothing left
for me to do except to order that the prlson-
DETROIT, Mich., Sept. 24.— An Evening
News F^ccial from Sault Ste. Marie pays
the situation In Canadian Soo, which Is
puKeiing most from the shutdown of the
Consolidated Lake Superior Company's
plants, is to-day the worst since the clos
ing of the works. Added to the general:
state of destitution of the discharged em
ployes comes the announcement to-day
that the street car men will strike next
Monday unless they receive their pay In
full. The officials had previously stated 1
that the pay day which -had been ¦ an
nounced for Monday had been .declared
off. The men on the street cars in the
American Soo are also getting restless
as are the men on the ferries across the
river between the two Soos. Requests
for aid from the town - are increasing.
Many of them come from men who have
pay checks in their possession that they
cannot cash.
SAULT STE. MARIE. Mich.. Sept. 24.—
The steamer Minnie M arrived from the
Michipicoten mining- region to-day with
175 men from the Helen iron mine, which
is owned by the Consolidated Lake Supe
rior Company. Most of the men have been
employed from six months to three years
and ail have mor.ey. The men have six
weeks' wages coming to them. At the
<Jra.ce mine the company has about 150
employes who are under quarantine be
cause of smallpox. They will be cared
for. Nobody seems to know when the
woodsmen will be brought in. It is
thought they will bo kept working until
Monday. They have almost eix weeks'
pay due them. All can secure transporta
tion or immediate employment at other
camps.
Whereas .The new«paper reports that cer
tain labor organ! zatldr.s and tneir leader* are
attempting to have organized labor take up
the fight of the enemies of President- Rooseve.t
becauae of his action In tha dispute e»i?«"f ln
tha Government prlntin* ofnee la Washinu
ton. and believing the President the beat friend
organized labor ever bad In the WTut. House
and that the present mov» Is a political ona
on the part of politicians who control wme
few labor leaders wltn a desire to attempt to
defeat the nomination o£ President Roosevelt;
therefore, bo it #
Resolved, by the- general executlvo board or
th« Knizhta of Labor. Incorporated. That the
action/ taken at this time asnlrru President
Roosevelt is not In the interest of organlz*^
labor bat a political move, that, if carrwa
out. will disrupt or lower organizations and
Injure the members, and If th» leaders at
tempt any < such action the- majority of tha
members of all organization*, without- regard
to their political opinion*. ihouM retus* to
recognize, and repudiate, such leaders and th«lr
action; b'e it further
Resolved That such action as is contem
plated axainst President Roosevelt is one of
the many error* and mistakes mad© by or
ganized labor, as they seemed inclined to
ignore the rishta of others, create strike* anil
make demands that are unreasonable, relying
not on the Justice of their contention or
claims but the- amount of los» or trouble they
can cause others and to see what they may
secure by depending on politicians and not on
the Justice of their demands; and ba It further
Resolved That as Senator Hauna of Ohio
Is said to be a great friend of organized labor
and that he Is considered a loyal supporter
and sincere friend of President Roosevelt, we
therefore suggest to both sides of the present
controversy existing in the printing office that
they refer the disaute to Senator Hanna for
a decision.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 24.— The execu
tive council of tha American Federation
of Labor announced to-night that after
consideration of the case of W. A. Miller,
the foreman of the bindery of the Gov
ernment Printing Office, whose discharge
and reinstatement by order cf the Presi
dent have been widely discussed. It has
referred the entire subject to a sub-com
mittee for further consideration.
PITTSBURG. Pa., Sept. 24.— Simon
Burns, general master workman of tiia
Knights of Labor, returned from Wash
ington, D. C. to-day, where he had been
attending a meeting of the general execu
tive board. He reports the adoption of tha
following resolutions;
ations.
1
Means a Decrease
-in Building Oper
Requests for Aid Are Being
Sent Out by the Destitute
Laborers.
Pass Resolutions Denouncing
Attempt of Epemiea to
Injure Him.
Colorado Militia
Defies Court
Order.
Situation in Canadian
Soo Is Steadily Be
coming Worse.
Knights of Labor Recog
nize Him as Their
Champion.
Miners Threaten
Attack Upon
Troops.
Parks' Victory to
Cost Dearly in
New York.
STREET CAR MEN
MAY QUIT WORK
GIVE SUPPORT
TO PRESIDENT
INDUSTRIAL DISTURBANCES IN MANY DISTRICTS
DEMORALIZE BUSINESS AND CLOSE FACTORIES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 25, 1903.
WILKESBARRE, Pa., Sept. 24.--.S0me 27,000 mine workers are thrown idle by the de
cision of three of the large coal companies to work short time until the coal in the
market now is in more active demknd." The Lehigh Valley, with' 8500 men, will shut
\ down each Saturday and Monday, possibly until the end of October. The Susquehanna Coal
Company, controlled by the Pennsylvania Railroad, will close its mines and suspend 7400 men
on Fridays and Saturdays of each week. The Delaware and Hudson this morning started a
weekly three days' suspension by closing its twenty-six workings and laying idle nearly 11,000
men. The loss in wages to these men will reach the sum of about $115,000 weekly and* each
week 600,000 tons of coal which they could have produced will remain unmined. The Philadel
phia and Reading, which has some collieries closed now, is expected to order two days a week
' suspension next week and to continue until the end of October.
Electrical Workers Install Officers.
SALT LAKE. Utah, Sept. 24.— The
eleventh biennial convention of the Inter
national Brotherhood of Electrical "Work
ers cams to a closa to-night with the in
stallation of the new officers. The fight
for the next convention was to-day nar
rowed down to ' Louisville, Ky., • and El
OMAHA, Neb., Sept 24.— President Burt
of the Union Pacific and Superintendent
Clark of the coal department of the road
have gone to New York to consult with
the directors concerning the threatened
strike In the Rock Springs coal region of
Wyoming. Three mines are now being
actively worked In that regrion— the Rock
Springs, Sweetwater and Union Pacific.
The men want higher wages and improved
conditions with reference to their worki
The strike has been threatening for
more than a month and the situation has
become so critical that President Burt
thought It expedient to consult with the
higher authorities. The Union Pacific is
the only mine in the region which is
wholly owned by the Union Pacific Coal
Company.
Coal District
Walkout May Occur in Bock Springs
MOTEUS THBEATEN" STRIKE.
ers be turned over to the clYll authoriUea. j
.Governor Peabody said that this would
also apply to all prisoners that may be
taken hereafter. He declined to say what
course would b« pursued in the ovent that,
the civil authorities failed to prosecute
the men who are charged with crimes.
The delegates to the Democratic Mu
nicipal Convention met for a few min
utes in Union Square Hall last night and
adjourned to meet in the Alhambra Thea
ter on next Monday night. The excuse
given by the leaders was that the hall
was too small to accommodate the dele
gates and friends of the Democracy.
Those who are on the inside gay the
adjournment^as taken in order to give
Franklin K. lane an opportunity to de
cide whether he would take the nomina
tion for Mayor. It is said that Mr. Lane
wants more harmony in the party and
that an effort is being made to bring the
two factions together. Another reason is
that the Democratic convention is desir
ous of seeing what the Union X,abor con
vention does on next Saturday night.
When Chairman Thomas W. Hickey
called the meeting to order, Thomas E.
Curran arose and asked for an adjourn
ment. He stated the hall was too small.
For the first time in the convention there
was harmony. William Ho ft Cook, one
of the leaders of the minority, seconded
the motion to adjourn and before it could
be carried half the delegates were on their
way down the street. .
6
Swell Overcoats for Little- Boys
,g|i||,: Our Friday and Saturday sales in
jm^^^^^ the Juvenile Department are becom-
m z more popular each week. jMoth-
wi ers are ' earl ™2 ttat we can save them
money and supply them with the
latest goods whether their boy -is 3
l^^^ft^^^ yearS Or 19 yearS ° f age *
Pr^^^^^^f^BM For thk Friday and Saturday we
place on sale children's nobby over-
coats at $3-50* The colors are dark
fe«|^p^^^^i - mixtures. The ages are from 3 to 8
years. On these coats we can save
PfefMX^klSifii^lll^M Pretty Scotch mixtures in overcoats
w^^mim^^^^^^fm are the stylish colors for lads from 9 10 14
"' — <vga;^, y ears °^ a £ e * There are several styles,
Si^f^r»j*Yi!3 't&xf&f-^'eji 'AJvwi uui uilc ill paiLlCUICir Will Dc u laVOrilcr.
rw^wJKww^i S&f^*^ftj^ivM** It is a lonfj overcoat almost to the shoe
? |^^^1^^^^%^ijM« tops, with a belt in back. This week we are selling
t * r ''^l''«?lw^\^ tnese long overcoats for $6.00.
1 t^^^SlfiK^^^ft Saturday will close our successful sale of
youths' suits. There are but a few garments left.
?||||i| lifraa Several new lines of youths' trousers in fall
i^^^ How patterns have just arrived. The prices range
lilii Ha 'Out-of-town customers will receive the same
flill flU satisfaction as though they bought in person, /fj
y^^L^^^^^ I foys' Sweater? 75c to $2.00 I
/^^^&^^ff^^^^^ Does your boy need a sweater? If so, we can
show you the most complete line in the city.
SSSL> &tofiLf£~~ . Yot 3 can S et most an y color or combination you'
For $1.00 we can give you- the following colors: Navy and orange, navy and white, navy
and red, royal and cardinal, royal and white, royal and green, black and white, black and purple, -
red and green, red and white, gray and red, green and gold, green and pink.
Boys' latest soft hats, in all shapes, $1.30.
Ladies' and boys' cowboy- hats, $1.95.
Straps to go with the hats,- 25c and 45c.
Boys' automobile caps, 45c up.
School buttons free to boys and girls for the asking.
orders 740 Market Street. catalogue
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"Fairly Sparkling in Beer Goodness 11
<L^CiOOD clUDGES r
OF.BEER, DECLARE
Superior from all points of
view; Posserolng absolute pur-
ity, proper &?• ana Honert
Flavor. Adapted to all tastes
according to Brew and Brand.
EIMT ¥E5EE PEI71TE STOCK KUUCHEXIS
A«k for "BXtATZ" at Club or Bar.
Til. BUTZ BBEB1NG CO., MILWAUKEE
Braunschweiger & Co., inc.
5 end 7 DRUMM ST.; San Francisco.
Tel. Main IC46. TThoIesale Dealer*.
@— ~ - Vim, Vigor, Vitality for Men
MORMON BISHOPS PILJ.8
fa&ve been In use over tiny
veam by the leader* of tha
Mormon Church and their
follower*. Positively cure th»
wont cares In old and yours
trlelr.s from effects of self-'
abuse, dissipation, excesses or
cigarette crooking. Cure Loat
Manfcood, Impot^ncy. Lost
Power, Night Lo*sec 'Insom-'
r .a, I'alux in B&ck. Evil Desires, Lama Back.
Nervous iiebillty. Headache. Unfltness to Mar-
ry Lot* of Semen, /~» mt% Varlcocele or Con-
fctipatiou. 6tcp Ner'^3 {J voua Twitching of
Eyelids. Effects a*^- — Immediate. Impart
x-lKvr and potency*-* 171 * *» to every f unction.
iJon't eet despondent, a cure Is fct hand. Re-
¦U>re errall, undeveloped organs. Stimulate
the brain and nerve centers; 60c a box; fl for
12 f.0 by mail. A written guarantee to cure cr
money refunded with 6 boxes. Circulars fre«.
Address BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 Ellis St..
Ban FTanei«co. CaL GRANT DRUG CO.. 2
and 40 Third t.
6 visit DR. JORDAN'S creatJ
}fi9USEUH OF flHATOMY)
9 6& 1SS1 KIZZZT ST. trt. 6:t»7tt, S.r.Ctl. A
T Cf The Largrit anatomical Museum in the \
A —^J--»_ World. Wcikr.e:»»» or iuy ctr.trictcd Q
' teSrW ditease r«» l «»*«' I 7«-«r«<hjrthf o!de« T
Q th~ Q 1 bpeualist on the Ccut. list 36 jrcus. Q
if&gVfl DR. JORDAN-DISEASES CF MEN 6
¦ (Sjwftll Consultation free «nd »trirt!y prirate. \
I J&Vt H Tt " ltment personally or by letter. A Q
I Or Dl U PotUttt Ctoeiacrery case undertaken. T
r I & wntefor n .<*. Fuit.on timi' «,r A
* H 1 BAIlBUtl:, MAILED FREE. (AT
A Cl I • vslaalde book for mra) \
r OB.Jon»AS*iu.lOJi Market St.. 8. P. 9. Lundy "pays the highest price for loose
diamonds.- 4 3d at and 4 i 52 Market st •
HELENA, Mont.. Sept. 24.— Colcnel
Samuel .Word, one of the pioneers of Mon
tana, died here to-night of paralysis: In
addition to being one of the 'first men to
come to the Territory he Joined the early
rush - to the f « Klondike. . At Dawson lie
built the - water- works system ¦• by which
the place Is supplied with water.
Death, of a Montana Pioneer.
ST. JOSEPH," Mo.. Sept. 24.— JameV Mc-
Cord died. to-night at his home here, aged
78.years. r ,He was the controlling factor
in many large business enterprises in sev
eral Western, 'cities; Including Denver, and
was rated, several times a millionaire.
Death of James McCord.
GILROY. Sept. 24.— The annual banquet
of the GUroy Fire Department .was held
to-night at Ellis Hall, after the installa
tion of the newly elected officers. Covers
were laid for 200. The Mayor and Coun
cil, firemen, representative citizens and
prominent residents of other cities- were
present, and the occasion was a me
morable one. . . ' v ' :¦ ¦ -
Mayor ' Chesbro acted as toastmastcr,
Notable Gathering of Prominent Men
in the Santa Clara County
Town.
FIREJtEN OF GILROY
HOSTS AT A BANQUET
NEW. YORK. Sept. 25.— A passenger
train-running at high speed on a branch
of the Erie Railway crashed Into a freight
train standing at Overbrook, N. J. The
engineer of the passenger train and four
women passengers were hurt, the former
seriously. . Seven . freight cars were re
duced'to kindling wood, while two others
broke loose and started down the road to
ward . Great Notch, I four miles distant.
They ran off the track there and were
demolished. •
Passenger Train Buns Into Freight.
This company paid to S. L. Beary. Portland,
Ore., for Wilbert J. -Wheeler, Troutdale, Ore..
$3760 00 for. one-half .ticket No. 20140. draw
ing August i 27. 1903. To Crocker Woolworth
National. Bank .for A.' L. Firman. Pasadena,
Cal., $C25 00 for one-half ticket No. C5809,
name date." To Wells, Fargo & Co.'s express,
for - client In. San Jose, Cal.. $500 for one-half
ticket. No. -68025. drawing September 12. 1903.
All .prizes . of this company are paid in full
Immediately \ on presentation at the office of
the company In San Francisco.
$10,000 reward will be paid to any person
who has "ever presented one of our prizes at
our office . and. was refused Dayment. •
Following are. the capital prizes as decided
by the -' Beneflcencla : Publlca Co., Thursday.
September 24. 1903:. No. 8893 wins 57BOO, sold
in Wlllits. Cal:; No. CO612 wins $2500,- sold
In Sausaltto, Cal.; No.-63.S57 wins $1250. sold
in San Francisco.- Cal.; Nob. 3406. 6783. 29542,
482S« and 52101 each win $125 00. sold in Ba
kersfleld, Hanford, Oakland and San Fran
cisco. ; /, ; r\ '-}'.'- "'¦'-'¦ ¦ ¦ - - ¦
TO . THE PUBLIC! . BEWARE ~OF COUN
TERFEITS'.., All genuine tickets of; this com
pany have' initials "R. < G." Co.".«on 'faces and
monogram "R. G/C." on backs thereof. Y
ORGANIZED MAT. 10CO.
The Beneficencia Company of San
¦ Francisco.
Preparing for Philippine Exhibit
ST. LOUIS. Sept. 24.— Thirty-one native
Filipinos have arrived in St. Louis to help
in the erection of the Philippine exhibit
buildings and began work to-day on the
"Cuartel de Filipinos" at the World's
Fair. The "Cuartel de Filipinos" is to be
150 feet square, with a court In the center
ninety feet so>iare. It is to be two stories
high, with the 'second story overhanging,
as In Manila dwelling-houses. It is to be
roofed with nlpa. a native plant, of which
a large supply has been imported. ThU
building Is to contain quarters for the
Filipino builders and offices for the Philip
pine commissioners, architects and drafts
men.
¦WASHINGTON*. Sept. 24.— A telegram was
received to-day from General Grant, com
manding the Department of Texas, saying that
a case of yellow fever is reported at Laredo,
on the Rio Grande.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Sept. 24.—
Arrangements have been made for the
California and Stanford varsity elevens
to play a game each with well known
football teams on the gridirons of the ri
val universities. Californfa will play the
Naval Training Academy team of Goat
Island on the Stanford campus on Octo
ber 10, while the Stanford varsity will go
to Berkeley to meet the Reliance Club
team on the blue and gold gridiron. This
will afford the students of the two Insti
tutions an opportunity to judge of the
strength of the rival teams before the in
ter-colleglate game is played. ,, *
Graduate Manager Ezra Decoto of the
University of California and Treasurer
DaVld V. Cowden of the Stanford stu
dent body, after a conference held in San
Francisco this afternoon, decided to hold
the annual Inter-collegiate freshman foot
ball game In San Francisco on RJchmond
field instead' of on the Stanford campus,
as scheduled.
Arrangements had -been made to have
the freshman inter-collegiate game played
on the Stanford and Berkeley campus
gridirons on alternate years. Last year
was the first time the plan had been put
in practice and It proved a financial suc
cess with the game on the Berkeley cam
pus, but as a large crowd could not be
expected with the game held this year
on the Stanford oval, the managers de
cided to bring the game off in San Fran
cisco once more.
COLLEGE TEAMS TO PLAY
ON RIVAL GRIDIRONS
Stanford Varsity Eleven to Appear
on Berkeley Field and Blue and
Gold at Palo Alto. ;
DENVER, Sept. 24.— Lulu Long of this
city is in a dangerous condition at St.
Anthony's hospital from eating chicken
sandwiches, the meat of which, according
to thc physicians attending her, contained
ptomaines or arsenic. Together with two
sisters, Miss Long had been filling an
engagement at a theater in Pueblo, and
on Saturday night last partook of a
lunch provided by a trapeze performer
named VAlglon. The lunch consisted of
chicken sandwiches, and almost imme
diately after eating them, two of the sis
ters were seized with pains in the stom
ach and were only relieved by powerful
medicines. Miss Lulu, whose sufferings
at first were slight, declined to be
treated, and it was several hours before
she began to feel the effects of the poison.
She became so ill, however, that she was
brought to this city and later placed In
the hospital and grave fears are felt for
her recovery. Her father, a commission
merchant of this place, has telegraphed
"WASHINGTON, Sept. 24.— At the Navy
Department to-day the fact was learned
that the "aged civilian" whom Assistant
Paymaster Rlchworth Nicholson recently
attacked at a public ball at Chefu, China,
was the German Consul at that place.
Nicholson, who was said to be drunk at
the time, was convicted by court-martial
and sentenced to a reduction of five num
bers in grade.
Rear Admiral Evans, commanding the
Asiatic station, in his review of the find
ings severely arraigned the court for the^
Inadequate sentence imposed.
The conduct of Assistant Paymaster
Nicholson is a source of mortification to
the Navy Department officials and the ac
tion ; of Admiral Evans In arraigning the
court for what is considered its inade
quate sentence is heartily approved.
The action of the 'President is required
in the. cases of seven officers of the army
who were convicted by court-martial of
serious E offenses and sentenced to dis
missal and in two of the cases imprison
ment.- The officers are Lieutenants John
McL. Hamilton, Knud Knudson, Thomas
E. Murtaugh, Hamilton Foley and S. L.
Bucker and Cadets James' G. Steere and
William' A. Ganol, the latter two 'from
Pennsylvania. The cases . will be sub
mitted, to the President on his return to
Washington.
Intoxicated American
Makes Assault on
German.
SHIP MAKION CHILCOTT
ENCOUNTERS FIEECE GALE
_ •
Loses Three of Her Crew During a
Tempestuous Voyage to
Honolulu.
HONOLULU. Sept. 24.— The ship Marion
Chilcott, which sailed from San Fran
cisco September 10 for Honolulu with a
cargo of oil, has arrived after a tempest
uous voyage in which three of her crew
"were lost. She encountered a fierce gale
Immediately after leaving San Francisco.
Three of her sailors— S. Rasmussen, A.
Shosse and Gustave Zreve— were washed
overboard and drowned. The mate and
two other eailors saved their lives by hold
ing on the braces.
NETW YORK. Sept. 24.— Joseph E. Helmer
dlcger, a rnerr.ber. of the New York Stock
Exchange, <Jled here to-day. Heimerdinger
was third vice president of the Colorado Fuel
and Iron Company, a director In the Pacific
Coast Company and secretary-treasurer of the
Svery Proces* Company.
Sheep Bat a Poisonous Hoot.
BOIBE, Idaho, 8ept. 24.— Sheep men of
Boise and some other places have lost
very heavily during the past week by
their flocks eating a poisonous plant des
ignated as a wild pea. Its root is poison
ous. When the soil was soaked by the
jecent storm the sheep were able to pull
up the plants and ate them roots and all.
Theatrical Performers
Are Rendered 111
. by Sandwiches.
The following are the capital prizes as de
cided by THE LOTTERY OF THE BENE
FICENCIA . PUBLICA COMPANY, of the
City of -Mexico— drawing September 24, 1903:
No. 8893 wins $7500 00, sold in San . Fran
cisco Cal.: No. 60012 wins $25CO 00, sold In
San Francisco. CaJ.;.No. 53S57 wins $1250 CO,
told in San Francisco, Cal., and Portland, Or.;
Nos. 3400. 6783. 28542. 4«2Stf and 02101 each
win $1 25 00, sold in San Francisco. and Oak
land, Cal. . • > ¦ ••¦ .
The following capital prizes were paid by
the above M. . & F.' Company for the August
27. 1003, drawing: William N. Youngman (em
ployed at Nolan's -Shoe Factory, Ml Market
street, and residing at 104 Dore street, San
Francisco.- Cal.), 13750 00; John ' Westerlund
(?allor). ¦ residing at 241 Steuart street. San
Francisco, "Cal.. $3750 00; N. Polidort (liquor
dealer); -139 Ninth street. San Francisco. Cal..
$1250 00; collected by J. H. Bellhes. 1914 Green
street, for client, San Francisco. Cal., $12.10 00;
Ellen Faulkner. 430 Second avenue, San Fran
cisco, Cal.. $625 CO. ?* •
Each coupon will bear the initials in large
colored letters "M. & F." on the lace of thvi
ticket. ..-'• ¦ .
Owing to the fact .that numerous schemes
are placed before the public from time to
time, we- would resp«?ctfully call ("he attention
of purchasers, of tickets to buy only from re
epontible- agents, and to Bee that their tickets
read as follows: • •
"THE ORIGINAL LITTLE BENEFICENCIA
rUBLJCA COMPANY OF SAX FRAN
CISCO, ORGANIZED SEPTEM
. - BfiR, 1893."
The Original Little Beneficencia Pub^
lica - Company of San Francisco,
Organized September, 1893.
SPECIAL NOTICE. TO THE PUBLIC.
NAVAL OFFICER
ATTACKS CONSUL
BELIEVE FOOD
WAS POISONED
and speeches were made by many promi
nent citizens "The festivities continued
until after midnight. -The Gilroy Band
furnished rriuslc during the evening.
It Is said that Frank Milton, another
theatrical performer, who was one of tho
party in Pueblo, became violently \l\
after eating the sandwiches, but recov
ered sufficiently to start for California
according to his plans. At Salt Lake,
however, he was again attacked and }3
reported as being in a serious condition
in a hospital in that city. One of the
Misses Long states that she and her sis
ters had declined to- receive the atten
tions of L'Aiglon while in Pueblo and
that thi3 displeased him. She asaeru
that he displayed especlaP animosity
toward Milton because the latter was
accepted as a friend by the Misses Long.
the authorities at San Francisco, where
IVAIglon is supposed to have started
from Pueblo, to detain him there until
the cause of Miss Long's illness is as
certained. -:¦'- ¦'
WASHINGTON, Sept. 24.— Private cable
advices have been received here from
San Salvador to the effect that the com
promise arranged between the San Sal
vador Commercial Company of Cal
ifornia and the Salvadorean Government
has been ratified by thc national Con
gress. The case originally Involved some
thing like $1,000,000, but was at the in
stance of the State Department submitted
to arbitration.
The international tribunal constituted
to consider the claim awarded the com
pany as damages the sum of $523,000, with
interest at the rate of 6 per cent. Sal
vador then declared the award void ow
ing to certain irregularities pointed out,
which Secretary Hay refused to recog
nize. With the consent of this Govern
ment, however, a compromise was ef
fected on a basis of 67& per cent ot the
amount awarded.
Claim of the San Salvador Com
mercial Company of California
•Will Be Paid.
SALVADOEEAN CONGRESS
RATIFIES THE COMPROMISE
Among those honored with the grand
decoration of chivalry to-night by the
So voreign- Grand Lodge were Frank P.
Trott, grand representative, Arizona; T.
M. Nolln, grand representative, Arizona;
Mrs. Laura B. Nolln, president of the
Rebekah Assembly of Arizona; C. H.
Wever, California.
At to-day's session of the Sovereign
Grand Lodge the committee on finance re
ported favorably on the plan to erect a
million-dollar memorial temple in this
city, but deemed It inadvisable to con
nect the name of the Sovereign Grand
Lodge with the project. The committee
recommends that the enterprise be
placed in the hands of Washington Lodge
No. 1 of this city, with authority to solicit
subscriptions from other jurisdictions.
During the afternoon the officers of the
Sovereign Grand Lodge and other repre
sentatives visited the grave of Thomas
Wildey, the founder of- the order, and
placed flowers upon it.
BALTIMORE, Sept. 24.— The Sovereign
Grand Lodge of Odd Fellows to-day de
cided to meet next year in San Francisco.
To-day the Patriarchs Militant visited the
Naval Academy at Annapolis. The Sover
eign Grand Lodge continued its closed
sessions.
Sovereign Lodge of Odd
Fellows Is to Meet
Here in 1904.
SAN FRANCISCO
WILL BE HOST
NEW YORK, Sept. 24.— Kept a prisoner
in a factory in this city for a month and
stupefied by drugs so that he could make
no effort to escape, to prevent him expos^
ing the secrets of a patent process for
cleaning furs, is the remarkable story told
by Ernest C. Webb, a lawyer, when he
was rescued by a policeman who was
armed with a warrant sworn out by Mrs.
Webb charging her husband with aoan
dor.mtnt. The wife's charge was a ruse
to get into the factory, as several pre
vious attempts had failed.
According to Webb's statement he was
induced about a month ago to go to the
place and has since been unable to leave
It. He was locked in a back room, on an
upper floor, where his meals were brought
with considerable quantities of whisky,
which, he declares, contained drugs. The
police found Webb lying on a roll of
blankets alongside eome machinery which
was not in use. He was in a disheveled
ccrdition and had every appearance of
having been under the Influence of drugs.
Julius Trelloeher, a manufacturing fur
rier. In whose factory Webb was found,
said to-day that Webb had aided him in a
legal contest over a patent.
"Webb did not want to return home and
I let him sleep in the factory," added
Trelloeher.
FORMER COMPTROLLER WHO
SPOKE YESTERDAY AT THE
BANKERS' CONVENTION.
Lawyer Rescued by Po
lice TeJls StraDge
Story.
HELD PRISONER
IN A FACTORY
Former Comptroller Charles G. Dawes of Illinois Delivers
an Interesting Address Before Pennsylvania Financiers
on the Proposed Changes in Our Present Banking Laws
GUTHRIE, O. T.. Sept. 24.— Attorneys
D. T. Morgan and H. W. Fogrg have car
ried an appeal to Secretary Hitchcock in
reapplicatlon cf the plaintiff to enter a
section of land In which 250 homesteaders
are interested and about 100,000 acres of
the Kickapoo reservation Is Involved. The
facts are, briefly:
On June 2. 1894. D. A. Harvey was made
agent of the board fcr leasing school
lands to select 100,003 acres of the surplus
lands In the Kickapoo reservation as in
demnity school lands. He made the se
lection prior to the opening of the lands
for settlement at noon on May 23. 1S05.
However, at nocn practically all the
lands selected by Harvey were settled
upon and claimed by homesteaders un
der the homestead law.
The applications of the homesteaders
were rejected by the United States land
office for being in conflict with the se
lection made for Indemnity school Jands.
As this is a test case it is being vigor
ouslj* contested by both sides.
Titles of Homesteaders to Lands in
the Kickapoo Reservation Are
Involved.
SECKETABY HITCHCOCK
TO PASS ON THE APPEAL
When subject to only a small tax asset
currency will be taken out by the banks In
normal times to secure the profits incident to
Its issue. It will still further increase the
burden resting upon existing cash reserves.
In times of panic It will be an added burden
on the banks and intensify rather than allevi
ate panic conditions. Secretary Shaw's plan,
however, for a 3 or 0 per cent restrictive tax
upon such Issues will prevent their present
issuance, since they cannot be profltibly issued
unCer that rate of taxation unless Interest
rates are at the high point which they only
reach at times of panic or financial disturb
ance As other forms of banking credit are
then in process of liquidation with resulting
high Interest rates, these notes on then be
issued and will be a great relief in doing the
¦work formerly done by the liquidated credits.
Such a process will not, therefor**, be one of
inflation since the notes at such si time will
operate tr> sustain the level of banking credits
ar.d not to raise It.
Thanks to the law of March 14. 1900. the
nation has bullded up the gold foundation of
the governmental currency issues anJ our cur
rency system is pound. As gold in the treas
ury is to the credit of the greenbacks, so
ore the cash reserves r.f banks to ths credit
of their liabilities. • While at present thesj
cash reserves are sufficient to puftuin these
liabilities yet so long as these liabilities re
main at their present amount we want no
Wser.lng of the carh and no adding to the
liabilities.
It is a matter of common knowledge and
the aggregate statements of the national bank
ing system published by the Comptr slier show
that the aggregated liabilities of the system
are at present in a well-expanded condition;
in other words, these liabilities, taken in the
segregate, bear at present suc'a a ratio to the
actual <-c-fh reserves that to lncr«*a.se them
much more would result In a daneerous in
adequacy In the proportion borne by the cash
reserves to liabilities. Now. In this expanded
condition of banking credits, and with a well
condition of general credits other
than banking credits— at a period when the
financial history of this country and every
other would indicate that we should be prepar
es methods for facilitating the future liqui
dation of credits rather than methods for
creating additional present credits, we hear
the advocates of lightly taxm) a.-w. currency
i-almlj' advocatina as a bulwark of safety to
banking and business interests of the coun
try the granting cf an authority to the banks
to still further Increase the disproportion be
tween thflr labilities and their cash reserves
fcy the issuance of these notes. It is a prin
ciple of sound finance, as it is of sound
architecture, that whrn a high structure seems
a little unstable the situation is ore demand
ing masonry in the cellar rather than paint
en the roof.
As hae been aUv pointed out by Professor
Cleveland of the University of Pennsylvania,
their- mistake hac been In misunderstanding
the tflJTerence in the nature, method and his
tory of the grof-th of the American system
of independent bor.ks and that of the con
tlnentai system, and In attemptlnc to devise
plans for grafuns on our differentiated •pys
tem methods of ls-«ue which ar« the result
of centuries of evolution in systems of as
sociated and centralized banking:. Their plan
for the authorization of lightly tajcrd national
bank notes unsecured by Government bonds.
If adopted at this time, would probably pre
cipitate an early and most calamitous crisis
in the business of the "-nation.
nois delivered ax address on
"Proposed Chang* s in Our Banking;
Laws." Daves said:
The adfiress of Secretary Shaw at Chicago
in favor of the autbortratira of a small issue
of heavily taxed bank notes unsecured by the
deposit of the United 6ta~.es bonds required
under the present law indicates the new phase
which the discussion of currency reform has
recently taken on in the country. It marks
the p&sslnc irom serious public consideration
of the complex and rac.ical measure advo
cated by ConsreKman Fowler and many others
aad the Inception of the discussion of a elm
pi* and sane remedy Bar a generally recog
nised defect in our mor.etary system.
F"or some yearn the t.rpic of a*»M currency
has been chiefly discussed by what may be
termed the radical element of currency re
former*. Their work has In a ceneral way
been most useful In inspiring Interest In the
subject, but has not resulted In the presen
tation of any ptea which ha* secur-d anything
like unanimity of supj>ort e«n among the
radicals themselve*.
PITTSBURG. Sept. 24.— At to-day's
session of the Pennsylvania
Bankers' Association ex-Comp
troller Charles G. Dawes of Illi-
DISCUSSING THE CURRENCY
SYSTEM OF UNITED STATES
«... ¦,-.•'¦
THE ?AN FBANCISCOCALL; FBIDAY, SEPTEMBER 25, .19.03.
7
ADVZBTISEME1TTS. '
B^^ R?Hi B s t^ ie I 0 ? °^ e h° use^°^< f° r without
' * fc no happiness can be complete. How
Efiga 1 mjS sweet the picture of mother and babe,
mmWBSr B angels smile at and commend the
SI B B 4!9ffik thoughts and aspirations of the mother
«a£f H H» ST bending over the cradle. The ordeal through
wm lira Iff^ >vhich the expectant mother must pass, how-
W ra ever, is so full of danger and suffering that
she Io6ks forward to the hour when she shall
feel the exquisite thrill of motherhood with indescribable dread and
fear. Every woman should know that the danger, pain and horror
of child-birth can be entirely avoided by the use of mother's Friend,
a scientific liniment for external use only, which toughens and renders
pliable all the parts, and rgctm pi is won ws. a *m±
great crisis in perfect safety .
and without pain. Sold at $1.00 per S^ E^
bottle by druggists. Our book of priceless gjjL kSht *-! kU Issnl t ft j
value to all women sent free. Address gP Hb G Ff_. \ i\ If IB?
QRADFIELO REGULATOR OO „ Atlmala. G*. m llibIlB7
ADVERTISEMENTS.
oooooooooooooooeooocoooeeooooeeoo
Tell your friends that we
are selling finejiew warranted
pianos for $218 on payments of
S6 a month. f /
Others charge $350 for the
same, kinds. Lots of others for
IvOw IIIvllV'j.
Organs, t too, at a saving of
fully one-third.
POMMER-EILERS PIANO CO.
THE ' EMPOBITTM.' | THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM.
'¦ A ' ffSjlffelSgiBgd - &3$G ¦ t Special Sale Goods ordered by mail 50C NGCmkWe&F 19C
or telephone nil not be sent C O. D. Qtheg . Furnishit , g Bargains,
Some of the, prettiest ribbons, we jC?*" • More than 2000 pieces of men's
'have, offered at special sale, this jffi C MTM4S 6%/^ i g § Mtr neckwear— four-in-hands and
season. You'll be. delighted with tecl<s » made of lne quality silks
thcm.\\h;n you sec them. A:l : si k satin tai- California's largest- -¦ftljiiB^^ 1 r by a famOUS manufacturer of
/etas, 4§£<incbei wide, in ail the leading most . *mU^^H\W lllli> '™ tH iCA'Si grandest STORS men's neckwear, tO-day and
wamed.shidcS' including black. Suitablc.fcr j ; . Saturday tt about one-third their f © '
.necbvcir, Mshej, millinery purposes and hqli- : V actual worth Sale price . .». #%7C?
day-fancy, work. -Friday and Saturday only, we lTih&Z^t&t> Men's Hall Hose— Fancy lisle, .ilk and lisle,
are going to sell them p S r yard . . ¦ f&SZg* " B "*"***" %ytfg#<g^ jacqaard weaves, plain and fancy, lace effects,
.•¦¦ r-::.y. .• •¦' ••--•< •¦ ¦ •.•.•.(¦ • a **-Tf r .... . fancy stripes and figures, made to sell a: 50c
m> •¦ »'•¦?•"¦¦• :- 0 'nn jl e*=* m *fk * m pair, a splendid assortment to select from,
TFBBnmem ! Mms EntB Ss&tut*u3iy »<>*. 25c
<8»^ ' Men's Ribbed Underwear— Excellently made
, .^:',; -. *gs? CSjP a «5# ?Lb? - . . . "./• garments, warranted two thread double elastic
. ' 'J.; / v ,T""~^"Dintystvr5hh a t!thee, DPCSS GOOdS— Tweed SUitingS, gran- stitch, co:ors ecru and blue, shirts and drawers
v : ':rf i^ffi^- '¦'? ' in ai th.- new- you jt e , plaid materials, Panama and canvas each 30c
• b fc ue- and bi"ck l - r< S?o; Sui t \ IlgS, black and White WCOl plaids, Men's Mertap Underwear— The best made K ar-
Lf urt -" >W.v?v >t etc that formerly sold up to $1.50 per mcn " P° s / ib ' c to obtain to «" « Onc P°- !ar
VV^S^sWfiS^^J - <r C1cnile bria - ,,-jrH Hnrino- this Q3lf> cach - Vicuna, gray, camels hair and K rav
th:m -" J wIlh ?anCv Vard— during tniS Sale ribbed wool. F er ga rm=nt. . . $1 m QQ
*^" ¦^•i' l;i VC*^'^ «. th-rj, n-w v; v;: _ %0%JP%jr
>^^K_ *^Vi4J'/ flu«e«, rcs::t:«, r.b- M^r^ {j r Jq Ban J*
r S^t^ W \^l^l ecl Thi } cl Black Silks— An extraordinary offer- ran 1*IOMning
® °q r u r^.nctb e fdu'id in^ of Peau de Soie?, black taffetas and For Men and Boys
-^slLte*^ in ' thu city at am- h-anHcomP Wnc\t crrpnad np<; pvprv vqrd Men's Hobby Fall Svlls $1230— A very extensive
«h : r e near thi 1 , tic- nanasome oidX.K grenaa nes, e vei y yara a$sortmcntot new f*u patterns' from which
..^p^^^^-- ' that we asc f r this.- p^r^ect and Choice ' to make a selection. These garments are msdc !
£gg£=* . v^-fe'^S?! Worth 85C $1.10 $1.25 $150 of cheviou, cassimeres, worsteds and tweeds
. : . ; {$5nW& n nw 68c 87c 83c $1.16 in thc ncwcit desi 8 ns » also p' ain b!ue aad
Modii;rl a J s-;n«;?nM bv the mi: r o aM, m,l in^of bl * ck labrics - Arc absolutely correct in
¦ PirV-VIenna-'anlNsvT : .Yore i »m §2S to c 4-3 WOITien'S SliltS Broken lots of «yle and we guarantee a perfect fit. A
Trirrnnd Hats -From our. wnwr'^ooms, mioc ot th^ 1i o ht hPHVV VVPiaht mived matchless value at . . . tf* •<] *J) £Z ffi
tints, matirias, absolute. y crr^th s:. -.e; mm . . . "^"1 ana IlCclVy WCl^IlL bUllb IIllAtTU vbll&IavBW
:.:..:.....'. 4.U5 to . 125.60 effects, cheviots and mixture?, Sicilians, M •,•*„* * * *. * * * . <tcnA An
HJiek-Hats that n. e d I ut litre :r mm n i? . great varcty wno i c r, s h etamineS broadcloth^ Veil" McnsFfll1 Mrf WmtCP OrereOBtS $OflO-An
of i'-apes;-'hsy are maJt cf th-ntc, jet, velxtt.-gLk WOOt CTclSn, eidllllHtrb, Ul UdUL lOlllir, Vtril assortment ot styles trom wh:ch you cannot
and .- nsyety braidi, and are d »tirc :;!v mart and le:om- ingS. etC, marked for thlS Sale at a little help being suited; and Fifteen Dollars for these
!ng ' '-'"• •¦ ••• ••¦••• '-2>95 to &G.G5 m ore than half their former prices — quaiki« win also p:ea>c you execcdingy.
'-'ShiieS '&2.SO ''were £14.95 * 21.50 ? 23.50 < 30.00 - Th«c are the lo.g loose styles or the medium
.._.jSnW2j* VJG.&M ... ** $8.4O $14.95 $17.45 $19.90 ***•' There , re ram coats belt coats and
i EiZi T*3iOt*a naW values • pain coats, m nea: and dressy fancy mixtures,
Just Opened a. large shipment fall and Women's WaiStS — Quite an aS" OxLrd grays and plain black, all made and
winter. styles of women's and men's shoes SOrtment Still remaining of Silk trimmed equal to custom &4ST ffiff*
7^ r^^uc. Waists, in white and evening colors,
iu-^ n £xYol: o Tw™^Th-y C irc waists that have been slightly soiled 'Sight, "w Fail patterns j^j
n -ai e or g^ -quai ty v.cikb, with _ §jf ft andmussed in window and counter of strong woolen fabrics, r.*}
ethe; litht or. n:av»r we ght exten- Af"iy*M>\ .• , r • ijr <f-r r\r\ * t, i t- \"* Jf
,.W military or high Cu an M^0M displays; formerly SOld from $5.00 tO extra well made sous for
heeli. Th,y arc : s rctly u ? V> da e, .&^djj&k $15.00 eiCh— nOW Sch ° o1 WCar « s5z " 8 tO f + (^\\V\\ /\
W^^^m $3.*s,*e*o $2.95 MM
Th:Mtn-s Shoes come n eight 25C FailCy Silk Braids — The kinds Boys' Blouse Suits — Sajlor \^\bjf<§j2r
diffire it « y es. . Made cf (££?&&? iicprt fnr 1 nmmincr lin-tb-date and or Russian styles, made of K7 E2 p^
either vid k'd or box «if,- on' s < usea Tor-inmming up ic ? aaie bKirtb anu aU . wool s and chcv . fall* rg
alt>enrw shape lasc, either ajbt 6r heavy weight tiles; WaiStSJ black, White and all COlOrS.. f #C j otJ J n navy re J Drown l#k ' ' .?'
good wearing, snappy »hocs, that you wculi scarcely r>*-wS«4- *\c* Vamica RonHc c»n#1 M«=»= i i « ' • * A "M\.'W?£
expect I buv ¦ under Ji. 50, for. .. . HOint OO VeniSe tSanUS ana me- royal and fancy m.xtures, ! IfXM
....... - 1 - ......... $S£.5O dalUons — In a great variety ot new cither with Eton collars \J3\m
SaG of Camhss : — patterns, worth up to 25c per yard, for and k«cFerbocker tro U ,. Mm
, :, .«a.C UT %0OtnS9S 9 •.. •¦-.-. r r r ttn ers, or large sailor collars, M WjA
Hose Supporters, Etc. " ' handsomely braided. . . . m w
25c Security BacK combs— The new comb that 25c Black Mercerized Sateen ... gg- e*g* jm jfe
•prevems loose - locks, to-day and Saturday, LiningS — 36 inches Wide, Suitable for • • • gJF &j\
-v -«•;••*• ' th * ¦ v 1 A° underskirts as wel1 as linin s s; y% d Yo i u^^r^\a s S7n
Hook-On Hose Supporters— The 12 5c kind that fg G OT harj wcighri>
hdok on thc corset; latin pad, Sl'.k web, _ we Jl trimmed and made, size for j#t ** £5 C%
irilled e'astic, button fasteners; colors black, MePCerized BlaCK PettlCOatS— 11 to 19 ye»n. price j» £ mO%3
pink, Hght blue, red, lavender and whits, to- Handsomelv and even elaborately made, _» • ** —^
day and Saturday, pair . . . .... JQp wort h $1.50; each 99C riBitniBieiiG GOVifHS
Dress Shields - White nrntook covered, lire 3, light J- •..'.. ~. .n. • Wamf*n r <Z and fi/W«'
we-gh t) w.nh.ac pair, co-dav and sway.. 7c Mercer zed Itaiiaii i Cloth Pettlooate-- 2^ swS^rta2£--With
rt , jv , — : — . Cut full and long; made just as they should be; """, y^™ "„ o^ P cSh,™ c . 8 Oo
' IHBaxtiit&ir* MdKg* extra wide flounce and dust ruffle underneath: ud|cs , ' 6ownJ _ Of fancy striped flannelette,
' l#lf "*'' .~T^«^ ¦ worth 53.00: this week's Sale for • • $1.93 square doub'c back, turn over collar, bra : d trimmed
Some Liquor Specials __—^ — -^—^— — — - 7Qo
These Items Friday and Saturday &OMB Of OUi* Ladies* Gowns— Extra quality flannelette, several
_ >>«*¦' i\ •? r> 1 • j -m~ m - -^ w— — »tyle» in fancy «nd ttriped and soli 1 colors, tome with
BCSl Creamery millCr— KegUlar SlZed /*£»#»*¦£»# JCP#»i#»#>« turnover coiian, others h ; gh neclc, aU ofthsmbwiJ
SQUaireS for these tWO ' %M9mmgS%Sm l mw> IVVO trimmed and with bishop sleeves 98c
•]'¦ ' d&£R.f* Sanford and Smith's IO-wIpc tapestries, Ladies' Gowns— In fancy stripsd flanae!et:e and daisy
Only. — ¦.*" $1.00 yard c!oths with silk embroidery and fancy tCk braid trimming,
Yellowstone Whisky — Rye or Bourbon, full quarts %tuOS StinSOtl's 10-wirc tapestries, $1.10 yard empire sty'e, bishop style and yoke effecti.
Sweel Wines -Extia«:ven-yfar-o'.dP.rt, Sherry, Aneelica, Best makes, 9-wIre tapestries, 85c, 90c yard $1.25, S1.5O «nd $2.OO
Maielri; Tokay, gallon . . .$1.05 Smith's AxtninstCrS, SI »25 yard Children's Gowns-- Of fancy striped flannelette, short yoke
Fin J Wh skies— Od Keller or National Club. tSigelow Axminsters, $1.90 yard effect, sizes for a to 14 years SOO
..... • • • . Gabn $3.25 Bottle 75O Bigclow Body Brussels, $1.55; Whittal $1.45 Children's Gowns - In solid colcr, daisy cloth flann let:?, *
Geneva Red. Cross Gin — Bottle . . . . . . . S~ C yard squar; yoke effects, larg; tarn over collar, bishop s'eeve,
Ginger Ale— Cantel an i Cochrane's, doie;i . . S1.SO Smith's Wool Velvet, $1.25 yard Jancy braid trimming, sizes a to 14 year* . . . 75c.' The North Shore' R. R.', that .has met with
such success with its reserved seat excursions
to' Cazadero FteO woods ' and ' the Russian River,
announces the last, excursion will b« run this
coming Sunday, fl'50 round trip entitles you
to a reserved seat. Tickets on Bale only at
620 Market St., S. F. • •
Last Reserved Seat Excursion.
The Board of < Bank Commissioners is
eued a license yesterday for the estab
lishment of, a savings bank at Whlttler.
The new institution, which is 'capitalized
at' $23,000, will open its doors for business
on October 1. Washington Hadley has
been elected president of the bank and
Amos C. Maple secretary and cashier.
Issues License for New Bank.
Honduras and Nicaragua are bristling for war again
like two bantam roosters. While their troubles are
of no moment and the world feels hardly a languid
interest in theni, they certainly possess an historical
value as the preliminary absurdities which. will make
necessary a permanent, peace-enforcing federation of
Central American states.
President Castro of Venezuela certainly has the
most persistent and ingenious press agent in the
world. The latest insult "offered by the dictator of
the southern republic to foreigners by inspiring
newspaper attacks on all creditors of the nation has
done harm to nobody. It is a gratuitous exhibition
of cheap blackguardism, but it has called Castro again
to the notice of the world as the "bad man par ex
cellence of the Western 'Hemisphere. It requires
more. brains than.Castro has given evidence of,pos
sessing to present a man thus to the earth's public*
A new factor has entered into the calculations of
Old World diplomats in reference to the Balkan sit-
Ofttion. Servia has intimated, as far as her authori
ties are able to make a definite announcement on
anything, that she will enter the field against Turkey
if depredations against Christians are not summarily
suppressed in Macedonia. It should not be sup
posed, however, that because Servian army officers
have proved themselves adepts in murder they are in
any way proficient in the brutalities of war.
The petition of John B. Carson, guard
ian of Reginald and Eustace Bell, for an
allowance for his wards out of the estate
of their father, Thomas Bell, was denied
In Judge Coffey's court yesterday. It wa3
refused because of the objections to the
allowance by the creditors of the estate.
Allowance Refused the Bells.
Trade will go on falling, the debt will go on ris
ing, and the Cabinet, whether Liberal or Tory, will
go on blindly struggling with adversity, while Mr.
¦ * - ¦ ¦ •
IF Mr. Chamberlain leave the British Cabinet he
will add to his spectacular record its most painted
feature. His entry into public life as Mayor of
Birmingham was accompanied by a show of red fire,
and ever since he has been mindful of time and pose
in selecting the surprises he has given the British
public. His desertion of Gladstone and the Liberals
to make his political bed with the Tories was the
wonder of the empire; but let it be admitted that he
proved himself something more than a turncoat and
political ' jump-jim-crow, and brought to the Tories
their most vigorous and masterful intellect. He alone
made the South African war, faced its perils, excused
its enormities, softened the burden of its cost and
deftly the price of peace which his country
men must pay. Grant the charge of his enemies that
his suoerb activities have wrought for evil, they
were superb, and perhaps in the long run the peo
ple forgive the evil.
His accession to the Tories put new marrow into
their bones and new blood in their veins, but it also
tempted and led them into enterprises which, have in
creased the debt and decreased the trade of the em
pire. So the sad results of his own policy furnished
him the opportunity for another remarkable turn in
his political career, and he proposed to meet the
increased debt and to stay the decline in trade by a
sudden reversal of England's time-honored policy of
free > trade and an immediate plunge into protection.
Balfour tried to dance to the new tune, but failed to
catch the step,: and immediately Mr. Chamberlain
took offense, a long premeditated offense, and an
nounced his intention to leave the Cabinet and of
course the party. «
THE BRITISH CRISIS.
Butte County has banished slot machines on the
ground that the deceptive machines of .the gamblers
drain the county of its ready cash. San Francisco
is more tolerant. It has the undesirable reputation of
being the most gullible of American cities. The ex
citement of losing our money to bunko men, va
riously disguised, seems to compensate for the loss.
"What is Clairvoyance?" is the subject
chosen for Dr. Alexander J. Mclvor-Tyn
dall's psychological lecture at Steinway
Hall Sunday evening. The Interest In
these subjects, as propounded by the fa
mous psychologist, is constantly increas
ing. Each succeeding Sunday night finds
large audiences gather at Steinway Hall.
Clairvoyance is a subject that Is little un
derstood and One that has never been
given a logical, scientific explanation.
That there is a peculiar psychic, faculty
that can see into the unknown is some
thing that seems to bo warranted by
facts, although there are many who claim
that all so-called spiritualistic phenomena
can be elucidated on strictly, materialistic
lines. The truth regarding this myste
rious subject will be fully exemplified at
the lecture Sunday night by Dr. Mclvor-
Tyndall. The lecture will be illustrated
by demonstrations and experiments in the
powers of the Invisible forces.
Dr. TyndalPs Lectures.
A set of six Chippendale mahogany
chairs, with open backs, fetched £283 10s
In London recently.
Devol Awards Contracts.
Major C. A. Devol, general superintend
ent of the transport service, awarded con
tracts yesterday for repairs to the Sher
man. The work will be completed so that
the vessel may sail for Manila October 1.
The "W. S. Ray Manufacturing Company
will make the repairs to the saloon and
galley for $131. The California Machine
Works will do the engine, boiler and hull
work for $075. Contracts were awarded to
the lowest bidder In each case.
Towiwend's California glace fruits ana
candle*. 60c a pound. In . artistic fire
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market st. above Call bldg. •
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Pi#ss Clipping Bureau (Allen's>. 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1042. •?•-.,
An Inquest was held yesterday on th«?
body of Peter Condenca. an S-year-oM
boy. who died at the Central Emergency
Hospital on September 4 from injuries
received by being run over by an elec
tric car on Sansome street, between
Broadway and Pacific. The jury reported
that death had been caused by shock fol
lowing amputation of both legs and frac
ture of the pelvis, but that sufficient evi
dence had not been presented to enable
them to fix the blame.
No Blame for Boy's Death.
Fire almost completely gutted the inte
rior of four flats at 2035, 2037, 2033 and 2041
Pine street yesterday afternoon and did
considerable damage to the two buildings,
especially in the interior. The building
at 2035-37 Pine street i» owned by Austin
McNamara, an umbrella dealer at 7 Bat
tery street, who resided In one of the
flats. Alex Mann, a. flower dealer on Polk
street, owned the building at 203SM1 and
occupied the top flat. The other flats
were occupied by T. G. Elliot, a lawyer,
and A. M. Allardyce, an employe of the
telephone company.
The fire started In the area between the
two buildings and is supposed to have
been caused by children playing with
matches. It had attained considerable
headway before an alarm was turned in.
The blaze ate Its way into both houses
and was raging fiercely when the Fire
Department arrived. It was a difficult
fire to handle and an immense amount
of water was poured on it before the
blaze was subdued.
As a consequence the interior furnish
ings of all the flats were practically ruin
ed. The damage to the buildings them
selves probably will not amount to more
than $1JOO, which Is fully covered by In
surance. The furnishings were uninsured
and will be practically a total loss. They
were worth about $5000. T,.v"V'
The occupants of the flats were forced
to flee without saving anything further
than their money and jewelry, so rapidly
did the flames spread. Mrs. Allardyce
ran out leaving behind her a large sum
of money and some valuable jewelry In
the dresser. These were recovered in
tact after the flre, although the dressir
containing them was badly scorched.
Flames Ruin a Quartet of Homes on
. Fine Street and Are Subdued
With Difficulty.
FOUR FLATS ARE BURNED
BY SUDDEN CONFLAGRATION
This attack on 39,000 school children in New
York, and the refusal of the milk teamsters in Chi
cago to make more than one delivery of milk per
<lay. resulting in the death of thousands of children
who would be alive if there had been two deliveries,
are examples of labor union policy that may well
disquiet the whole country. The beasts that perish
have regard for their young, and what must be said
of men who in pursuit of any purpose whatever con
demn their own children to ignorance and death!
If union labor is to be justified it is evident that
:t must change its oaths and y its management and
come to realize its responsibility as part of the com
munity, sharing the responsibility for the thyigs es
sential to community life/ An oath that puts the
authority of the walking delegate above law and re
ligion, and these evidences of slavish obedience to
that oath, even to the injury of the families of the
m*n who obey it, is an obligation imposed upon men
for the destruction of all government, and is the
essence of anarchy.
Surely it is the most serious disregard of the
wholesome conditions of community life that brings
about such a situation as that in New York. It is
an attack by the walking delegates upon the rights
of nearly 40,000 children, who cannot defend them
selves. The alarming feature of it is that the unitm
labor which turns those children out of school knows
no other reason for the strike that did it than that it
was ordered by the walking delegates. One may well
be led to question the quality of citizenship of men
who, without knowing why, consent to turn their
own children out of school and into the street be
cause they were ordered to do so by a walking dele
gate, who gives no reason for his autocratic use of
power. The oath which binds them to obedience to
such an order, with such a result, is one inimical to
the interests of the people and dangerous to the
Government itself.
NEW YORK CITY appropriated money to
furnish adequate school facilities, relieve
overcrowded classrooms and accommodate
Me thousands of children for whom there was no
room at all. The new buildings were put promptly
under construction, and were to have been ready for
occupancy at the beginning of the present school
year. But they are not ready. The building trade
strikes, instigated by the walking delegates Murphy
and Parks, stopped the work, and as a result 72,000
school children are put on half-time and for 3000
there is no room at all, even for a fraction of a day.
This means that 39,000 children in that city of
school age have no provision for their education.
The public schools are peculiarly the academy of the
poor, or of those who have not the means to spare
to give their children educational advantages else
where than in s.uch schools. The well-to-do are in
a measure independent of the common schools, and
when those fail to give adequate advantages they are
able to bestow them in private establishments. But
when the children of the masses are shut out of the
common schools they lose their sole chance for edu-
THE CROWDED SCHOOLS
The Supreme Court declared yesterday
that the work of the Board of Education
of San Francisco could not be done
through deputies'. The question arose in
a suit brought by ex-Superintendent of
Schools Webster against the Directors.
The School Superintendent is ex-officio
a member of the Board of Education.
Webster did not want to attend the de
liberations of the body himself and sent
his deputy, W. I). Klngrsbury, Instead.
The board refused to admit the deputy,
and the superintendent petitioned the Su
perior Court for a writ of mandamus. Tbi
board was sustained and an appeal was
taken to the Supreme Court.
The last named tribunal holds that the
Superintendent of Schools may have depu
ties, but that no member of the Board of
Education can be provided for likewise. It
is declared that Webster, as Superinten
dent of Schools and as ex-officio member
of the Board of Education, held two dis
tinct and wholly separate positions.
Supreme Court Defines Position of
Superintendent of Schools of
San Francisco.
BOARD OF EDUCATION
IS FULLY SUSTAINED
This maneuver division Is a beginning
of the joint maneuvers between the reg
ulars and the National Guard forces, as
contemplated by the Dick bill, passed by
the last Congress. California will not be
represented other than by an officer de
tailed to be present— by Invitation of the
Secretary of War— at each of the maneu
vers to be held at West Point, at Fort
Riley, Kans., and elsewhere. The mem
bers of Battery D, in appreciation of the
honor conferred upon the battery and the
First Artillery, tendered a banquet last
Tuesday evening at Cafe Zinkand. and
Captain Keesling was presented with a
souvenir appropriately engraved.
the National Guard of California
at the joint maneuvers of the United
States troops of the Department of the
Lakes and Missouri and the entire Na
tional Guard forces of Ohio, Indiana, Il
linois and Kentucky.
APTAIN FRANCI3 V. KEES
(f^ LJNG of Battery D. First Artll
vL> lery. N. G. C, will leave for West
Point this morning to represent
The members of Robert Emmet Branch
of the Ladles' Auxiliary of the Ancient
Order of Hibernians will give their first
entertainment and dance at Mangels 1
Hall. Folsom and Twenty-fourth streets,
to-morrow evening. All arrangements
have been completed by the committee In
charge and the. affair promises to b« a
decided success.
A splendid programme has been ar
ranged for the occasion. Some of th«
most talented amateur performers in tho
city have volunteered their services.
Among those who will appear arc illsa
Katheryn Millerick, Miss Anna Buckley
and the Misses Allen and J.^ O'Connor.
The opening address will be delivered by
the president. Mrs. Daniel Fitzpatrick.
The following committees will have
charge of the affair:
Arrangements — Mrs. Thomas Mlnehan, Mra.
O'Dea. Mrs. Wlndholtz. Mrs. E. O'Connor.
Miss McMahon. Miss ISrarty. Mrs. Lee, Mrs.
M O'Connor, Mrs. Burns and Mrs. Mallett.
Reception — Misses F. Minehan. Kate Me-
Keon Lulu Curtey. Annie McKeon and May
McCarthy Messrs. AYUltam Lee, Henry IIu
llnfr. Ben Burns. Paul Wlndholtz and William
Floor Major Joseph "Westplear and Thomas
O'Dea. ¦•*-
Fine Programme for the First #
Annual Event.
Robert Emmet Branch Prepares a
LADIES' AUXILIARY OP
A. O. H. WILL ENTEBTAIN
OFFICER OF THE NATIONAL
GUARD WHO WILL ATTEND
MANEUVERS.
It is to be borne in mind of course that the question
of the wage rate affects the manning and operation of
a ship as well as that of building one. The American
seaman gets better fare, better pay and better ac
commodations of all kinds than the foreign seaman.
It is right that he should do so, for the American
people do not expect sailors any more than other
classes of American workers to compete in cheap
ness with underpaid foreigners. Protection to the
American merchant marine is therefore an imperative
issue of the day, and the people have a right to de
mand it of Congress at the cdming session.
ONE of the gratifying features of the political
outlook is the cordial indorsement given to
the demand for legislation in favor of the
American merchant marine by Republican conven
tions in every State where State conventions have
been held this year. Even in Nebraska, where the
people have been supposed to be more or less in
different to ocean shipping interests, the declarations
of the party have been notably direct and strong,
and it is thus made evident that the grain-growers of
the State have a clear conception of the importance
of having an efficient merchant fleet upon the ocean
to carry their surplus grain to foreign markets.
The Democrats' of Ohio adopted a long platform
dealing mainly with State issues, but They did not fail
to note the growing demand for an enlarged mer
chant marine, and with their customary obstinacy
they proceeded to denounce and condemn it. The
issue therefore becomes in that State a partisan one,
though it .should not be so, for a merchant marine
serves equally all the interests of the people, and
Democratic as well as Republican farmers, merchants
and workingmen profit by it. Still, having been com
mitted to a support of free trade, the party doubtless
feels itself bound, for consistency's 6ake, to oppose
any sort of legislation that tends to protect and ad
vance any American industry, whether on land or
.The issue is an old one, and the public is familiar
with the arguments which sustain the cause of those
who advocate the adoption of an efficient system of
protecting our ocean going merchant service. It is
known that one of the main causes of our inability
to compete with foreign shipping is the difference
between the rate of wages that prevail here and that
which obtains }n European shipyards. Many sta
tistics have been published from time to time showing
by. official figures that even were the European lines
unsubsidized they would still have an advantage over
us by reason of low wages. The opponents of an
American merchant marine have sometimes denied
the validity of such statistics when they could j no
longer evade them, and it is therefore worth while
to direct attention to a new testimony on the sub
ject.
There recently appeared in the London Times an
article by "An Ulster Workingman" giving the ex
perience of a fellow workman with respect to wages
in Great Britain and the United States. In the
course of his letter he says:
A fellow workman and I were in receipt of 30 shill
ings per week each some time ago. My fellow work
man decided that he would abandon his country and the
flag and to goto a country that-would do better for
him, so he went to the United States and received CO
shillings per week right oft. When he was in this
j country, at the wage of 30 shillings weekly, his expedi
ture was 27 shillings.* which left 3 shillings of a margin:
now, while his wages have Increased by double the
amount he received when in this country, he assures me
that his expenditure has increased by only one-third,
thus:
In this country his re- In the United States of
celpts were 30s weekly. 30s America his receipts
His expenditure was, are, weekly 60s
weekly 27s His expenditure Is,,
— weekly 36s
Margin of saving —
power weekly 3s His margin of saving
I power, weekly.'. 24s
Or, in other words, for every shilling he used to save
in this country, he can now save eight shillings In the
States, besides having better educational facilities pro
vided for his children.
. • That is the story of the personal experience of a
workingman in shipyards of the two countries. It
contains by implication a story of the cause of the
failure of the United States to hold her own as a
ship-building country in competition with Great Brit
ain. In this country we have sought to establish
an industrial system which will permit the worker
to have a considerable margin of profit over and
above expenses when maintaining a comfortable
standard of living. In Great Britain under the free
trade system the aim is to reduce wages as low as
possible so as to be able to build ships more cheaply
than any other nation. We cannot and we ought not
to try to compete with the British in that respect, and
accordingly we must either abandon all expectation
of having a merchant marine on the deep seas equal
to our needs, or we must give to our ship-builders
and our ship-owners a protection equal to that given
to American industries on land.
OUR MERCHANT MARINE.
FRIDAY SEPTEMBER 25> *9Q3
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Addr«»sAllConnimunlca\IOQ»toV^^
TELEPHONE.
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator Will Connect
Ycu With the Department You Wish.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third, S. V.
EDITORIAL ROOMS. ... .217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Delivered by Carriers, 20 Cts. Per Week, 75 Cts.
Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cents.
Terms by Mall. Including Postage (Cash With Order):
DJULT CALL (Including Sunday), one year fS.OO
DAILY CALL (including Sunday). 6 month* 4 »°°
DAILY CALL— By Single Month 73c
GUXDXT CALL. One *>ar. 2.5O
WEEKLT CALL. One Year 1 -°°
f Dally. . . f 8.8O Per Y«ur Extra
FOREIGN POSTAGE { Sunday.. 4.15 Per Year Extra
I Weekly.. 1.O0 Per Year Extra
All pOBtmanters are authorised to recelTe
•nbiierlptlonn.
Sample copies win be forwarded when requested.
Mall rubscrlbers in ordering change of addrjss should be
particular to give both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to Insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE.
1118 Broadway- Telephone Main 1OS3
DERKELEV OFFICE.
2I4S Center Street Telephone Xorth TT
C. GEORGE KROGXESS, Mnnncir Foreign Adver
tlntiix. Marqnette BnlldlnRT. Chicago.
(Long Distant Telephone "Central 2619.")
WASHINGTON* CORRESPONDENT:
MORTOX E. .CRAXE 14OO G Street, N. W.
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH SO Tribune Bulldlns
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTOX Herald Square
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano, 31 Union Square;
Hurray Hill Hotel; Fifth-avenue Hotel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Fherman House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Tremont House; Auditorium Hotel; Palmer House.
BRAXCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery, corner cf Clay, open
until 9:30 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. 633
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. 615 Larkin. open until
J».3O o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261
Market, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1096 Va
lencia, open until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 0
o'clock. NE. corner Church and Duncan streets, op«n
until D o'clock. NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky,
open until 'J o'clock. 2200 Flllmore, open until 9 o'clock.
The people of Denver, by an overwhelming major
ity, have refused to adopt a city charter which was
submitted to their consideration. Somebody must
have informed them thorqughly of our experience
and they took advantage of our predicament. It is
always well to know that our neighbors profit by our
example, even if it is unfortunate.
The groom-to-be, unlike the fair bride,
is comparatively unknown to San Fran
ciscans. He is said to be a handsome
fellow* and a good soldier. He is in line
for promotion, which, in the ordinary
course of events, should occur within a
year. ¦'¦--'-'¦.':
The wedding of Miss Elizabeth Young,
daughter of \ Lieutenant General Samuel
B. M. Young, to Lieutenant Henney of
Fort Crook, Neb., will take place on Oc
tober 7 at St. Elizabeth's Chapel. Wash
ington. A small reception will follow at
his father's residence, 22 Jackson street,
to which many California friends have
been bidden.
Mr. Payot has given liberally .of his
store of knowledge of the Old World, and
interest in his talks is augmented by the
fine views in his possession of every
building and site of note.
Several delightful numbers were given
by friends of the club- and a trip through
Rome— on canvas— was the event of the
afternoon. Henry Payot was the cice
rone, who in charming manner carried
the ladies through the palaces, ruins and
libraries of the ancient city and through
the Vatican.
• The Forum Club had a delightful ses
sion on Wednesday afternoon, Mrs. Hen
ry Payot presiding. ' .
Wit and humor, by the club members; so
prano solo, "Serenade" (Wallace), Madam Ida
de Semlnarlo; a Bhort talk. "Woman's Clubs,"
Mr. John McNaught; readings, (a) "Letter
Scene from Macbeth" (Shakespeare) : (b) "He
Tried to Tell His Wife" (Anon); <c) "Tom
my" • (Anon). M1s3 Helen Kelleher; barytone
Bolos, (a) "A Deer Lady Mine" (A. L.): (b)
"Death and Life" (Gerard Barton); (c) "If I
Were Kins" (I^ouis Tipton). Mr. S. Homer
Henley: accompanist. Mrs. Helen Sutherland,
arranged by Miss Ella P. McCloskey.
Six members told the very best stories
they knew, created or borrowed— in any
case they were well told. In this phase
of development women are again en
croaching upon man's domain.
The solos were delightfully rendered,
as were the readings by Miss Kelleher.
The address by Mr. McNaught'was quite
the event of the day. To be sure, he said
he believed clubs to be good institutions;
that they were powerful aids to devel
opment, and many other nice things, but
no man would have had the hardlhood # to
say otherwise.' But the ladles were con
vinced of the sincerity of his declara
tions and voted the talk the very best
they had listened to by a "non-eligible"
for a long time.
The next meeting of the club will be
for members only.
The Papyrus Club entertained yester
day In Utopia Hall and as Is usual with
this coterie of clever women offered a
programme that reflected the breezy per
sonality of the club. About 100 members
and guests gathered to listen to a few
clever stories that are always on tap, to
hear the sweet voice of Madame Semin
ario and, among other things, to hear,
what Mr. John McNaught had to say
about "Woman's Clubs."
The programme as rendered was as fol
lows:
The library trustees will therefore have
an additional sum of $17,700, which they
rr.ay put to any use they may de3lre.
Some of the money will be used for the
purchase of books. The trustees askeJ
for $69,428 last June and aa they received
but.JS3.30O were compelled to largely re
duce the item of $10,OCO for the purchase
of books. They will also be in a posttion
to furnish the new branch library on
Sixteenth street with additional funds.
The raise cf 30 per cent on the assessed
valuation of this city and county by the
«tate Board of Equalization will result
In increasing the appropriation for the
Public Library by exactly $17,700.
When the Beard of Supervisors reduced
the municipal tax rate from J1.078 to 84.4
cents in order to provide the exact reve
nue contemplated in- the budget, it did
not change the rate allowed the Public
Library, because the charter specifically
provides what that rate must be.
The charter provides that the Supervis
ors shall annually levy a tax for the
support of the Public Library which sha.l
not be less than 14 cents nor more than
t% cents on every $100 of assessed valua-
In' fixing the levy last June, the Board
of Supervisors adopted the minimum rate
of 1% cents for the library- This rate on
a toial assessed valuation of H22.000.0W
would produce the sum of $63,300. Whoa
the lower tax levy was adopted last Mon
day the Board of Supervisors was obliged
to reaffirm the minimum rate of Ha
cents previously adopted. Calculating thL-.
rate on a total assessment of $540,000,000.
which Includes the 30 per cent raise made
by the State Board vt Equalization, will
give an aprcpriatlon of $S1.000 for the Pub
lic Library.
The almost universal feeling of loyalty in the party
ranks, as manifested among the delegates to the con
vention in all the proceedings from first to last,
serves to bring out with starting clearness the one
exception that prevented the vote for candidate for
the Mayoralty from being absolutely instead of al
most unanimous. The accidents of politics placed in
the convention as chairman of the delegation from
the Forty-fifth Assembly District a man who, while
holding a place in the councils of the Republican
League and representing the Republicans of his dis
trict, is yet serving an opposition candidate. That
man, for reasons which he described as "personal."
declined to vote for the nomination of Mr. Crocker
although there was no opposition candidate. His
action of course foreshadows a further betrayal of
the party during the campaign, for after refusing to
vote for the party candidate in the convention it is
hardly likely the double-dealing delegate from the
Forty-fifth will support him before the people or
vote for him on election day.
The appearance of a single intriguer of this kind in
the convention is, however, of little moment to the
party or to the. city. He managed indeed to mar the
harmony of the convention, but his power Jor evil
goes little further. Whatever clique is behind him is
evidently small, for he could not bring a single man
even of his own delegation to assist him in his oppo
sition to the nominee for Mayor. The incident may
therefore be dismissed for the present, but every Re
publican should bear it in mind when next the un
reliable gentleman solicits a place in Republican
councils or election to a Republican convention.
That issue aside, the people of the city, without re
spect to party, can review the proceedings of the
convention with satisfaction and study the platform
and the ticket with no little gratification. The party
is pledged at once to economy and to progress, The
declarations concerning the work of municipal im
provements are all that can be desired, and will have
the support of the intelligence of. the people:
The ticket speaks for itself. It is exceptionally
excellent in every particular. Some of the nominees
have been tried in office and have proven themselves
faithful, sagacious and efficient The record made
by them is one of the best guarantees of the ability
of the Republican party to give the city not only an
honest but a capable, progressive and economical
administration. All the candidates are men of high
standing in the community and are representative of
our best citizenship. Each and every one of. them
merits the support of the people, irrespective of
party. Their election would mean an era of muni
cipal government marked by a genuine devotion to
the public welfare. In fact, the time has come to
have an improved San Francisco, and the Republican
party has nominated men upon whom the citizens
can safely place the responsibility of carrying out the
improvements. To their support all independent
voters should rally. Let us have an administration
in thorough accord with the popular aspiration for
harmony, progress and economy.
WITH a good ticket, a good platform and
a degree of harmony in the party that as
sures loyal support to every candidate, the
Republicans of San Francisco* enter the municipal
campaign with every prospect of a sweeping victory
all along the line. From the time of the primaries
down to the close of the Convention every step taken
by the party has been in the direction of good gov
ernment and honest politics. The opposing parties
will find it difficult to discover a single point in the
platform or a single candidate on the ticket upon
which to center their attacks, while every Republican
and every conscientious independent voter will find
many self-evident reasons why the whole ticket
should be supported and elected from top to bottom.
Rarely has the Republican party in San Francisco
been so united and infused with such a spirit of
harmony on the eve of a municipal election as in this
instance. While the opposition parties are torn by
dissensions there is in the Republican camp a well
nigh unanimous sentiment of loyalty to the plat
form and to the ticket. That fact in itself should be
sufficient to incline independent voters to the Re
publican side in the contest, for it is certain that
neither of the other parties could give the city a
well ordered government. Should cither of them by
any possibility succeed in electing its candidates, the
result would be a period of bitter partisan and
factional struggles for office and for the spoils.
On the other hand, the harmony which prevailed in
the Republican convention and which prevails equally
among the rank and file is in itself an evidence of the
fitness of the party to administer the affairs of the
city with businesslike efficiency and assured success.
PAPYRUS CLUB
ENTERTAINS
MANY GUESTS
ASSESSMENT
INCREASE AIDS
PUBLIC LIBRARY
WILL GO EAST
TO WITNESS
TROOPS DRILL
Chamberlain, from his seat in Birmingham, will sol
emnly intone, "I told you so," and the perplexed
kingdom will finally be gin to long for him to come
again, and he willcome, either as th'e dictator of one
oft the existing parties or as the, creator of a new
party with "Protection to British: trade" as its
motto. His political coat may be of as many colors
as the garment of his ancient namesake, the son of
Jacob, but as long as he is in political life he will
get the glory of the fat years and leave to others the
burden of the lean.
VICTORY IN SIGHT.
THE SAN FK AN CISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 25, 1903.
If you. want to retain ,in memory, a
picture of some, interesting event, snap
It- with' a camera from the photographic
department .of .Vail & Co., 741
Ma'rkRt St. "• . ¦¦ •
Cameras and Supplies.
It is strange how fate entwines good with evil and
evil with good even in the unexpected things of life.
A worthy man of this city recently. fell heir to an im
mense fortune upon the single condition that he pay
his motherTinrlaw $125 a monthfor the rest of her life.
A San Franciscan, on marriage bent, balked the
other day just as the- cementing words of the Judge
vere being spoken. The new fledged benedict, ig
•orant.of his married future, - mournfully remarked
that marriage and suicide are synonymous. When
will the world ever be able to understand the idiotic
tap'ricc which governs a woman's choice?
The choir of Trtnlty Church, under Ihe
personal direction of Mr.' Eaton,- will ren
der "Light of Life" at the services next
Sunday evening. , The public Is cordially
invited to attend the services. The choir
has ; been reinforced for the occasion' to
forty members. ; • V
Music at Trinity Church.
Our trade mission to Menelik, King of Abyssinia,
has excited the deep concern of European diplomats,
who see in our innocent venture a sinister dtvqlop
, metrt of Uncle Sam's imperialistic policy. Let the
suspicious ones quiet their fears. We want only to
K clothe the naked and feed the hungry at market
prices. We probably will sell only a few overalls and
make' advantageous disposition of a few missionaries."
8
The Only Thing That
Interests Everybody
DID you ever stop to realize what it is in life that really interests
you the most— outside of eating, sleeping and being merry, of
course? Is it the mock heroics, the polished gentility of a dead
and gone age, or isn't it life itself — tense, eager, pulsating life — the very
things that the other fellow does that you do yourself? Just take note
of the following:
"The job of front-end brakeman on a mountain division is no great
stake for a man ordinarily, but it was one for me just then. We knew
when we went into the superintendent's office that somebody was to tcet
fired; the only question was who — the train crew or the operator? Our
engine crew were out of it; it was up to the conductor and to me. -Had
the operator displayed red signals? The conductor said no. I said no.
the operator said yes. but he lied. We couldn't prove it; we could only
put our word against his: and, what made it the worse for me. my con-
ductor was something of a liar himself.
1 "I stood beading in a cold sweat, for I could see with half an eye
it was going against us. The superintendent, an up and up railroad man
every inch and all business, but suspicious, was leaning the operator's
way the strongest kind.
"There wasn't another soul in the little room as the three o{ us
stood before the superintendent's- desk."
There's a situation which at first blush might seem ordinary enough
but— is it? Perhaps you've been in the same fix yourself. It is not new'
but it always will be to the man who has the experience for the first
time, and oh. what awful possibilities it portends. It is a situation ¦ that
every man who works constantly stands in awe of. Can you cucss how
it came out?» No. But you want to know. Of course you want to
' know. That is the curiosity— sympathy— or what you will that makes
the lives of those about us-^-the real flesh and blood men and women we
all know— the most absorbing subject imaginable. You may deny this
if you will, but there is not the shadow of a doubt that yov will look
first for Frank H. Spearman's thrilling two-page narrative of 'The
Trainmaster's Story" in the next Sunday Call. It is the second in this
remarkable series.
Of course you're reading "Lees and Leaven," by E. W Townsend
the famous author of "Chimmie Fadden," which is nothing short of a
ten strike even in the Sunday Call's comprehensive literary policy of giv-
ing you the best novels of the day by the very best writers in the world.
And then there are the two full pages of "Half-Hour Storiettes"
the most fascinating literary craze of the hour. And there is also "The
"Philanthropic Whisper." by Edwin Lefevre.
. And of course you're reading Thomas 1 Fitch's "Recollections and
Reflections of the Bonanza Kings Who Put a Girdle of Gold Around the
World, and the Letters of a Self-made Merchant to His Son" and the
"Oracle of Mulberry Center" and "Why Good Men Go Wrong." by "The
Parson and V^ fainty Maid" by Colonel Kate, and "When a Bach-
elor Girl Marnes bv Madge Moore; and 'Talks to Parents on the Train-
mg of Children" by WilhamJ - Sherer. A. M., Ph.D.. and "Preferential
T t a " ffs - Si S iT Henry Seton-Karr. C. M. G.. M. P.. and "The Victbries
of Peace, by George A. Maxwell, chairman of the National Irrigation As-
sociation that has iust held its convention in Ogden, Utah and the'
"Fables for the Foolish, etc.. etc.
And have you seen, the cats? Funny, aren't they? There's more of
them next Sunday. Don t. miss those "Me-ows of a Kitty:"UNITED STATES SECRET SER
VICE AGENT WHO IS PROB
ING CHINESE SCANDAL.
it occurred to both of them that he might
be "Wong Din, whom Gamble's confession
had Implicated with Horn Toon as one
of the substltuters. When Mr. Wood
¦worth was informed of this suspicion he
requested Harry Mofntt to take charge
of the man until his identity should be
ascertained. Horn Teung was convulsed
with laughter when Moffltt took him into
his official embrace, but became pale and
Indignant when forcibly propelled by the
coat collar Into the office of the United
States Marshal, where his friend, Horn
Toon, was waiting with gyves upon hi3
wrists. Teung produced his certificate of
registration, and, having been inspected
by Dr. Gardiner, was pronounced not to
be Wong Din, and was therefore released.
The Federal man-hunting posse were
very, reticent yesterday. They said they
had nothing to tell, but with an air that
implied that they could tell if they so de
sired.
Officer Unger of the Humane Society ar
rested Simon Berg at the corner of Second
and Market streets yesterday for beating
his horso with a section of gas pipe. It Is
alleged that the animal was badly
bruleed.
Is Arrested, for Cruelty.
Accuses Grocer of Choking Her.
Mrs. Tillle von Hagen, 345C Beale street,
swore to a complaint before Police Judgo
Cabaniss yesterday charging Henry
Flemer, grocer, Beale and Harrison
streets, with battery. She alleges that
Mrs. Flemer had used insulting language
on Wednesday night to her daughter.
Bertha von Hagen, and she went to the
grocery yesterday morning to ask for an
explanation, when Flemer grabbed her
by the throat and threw her to the floor,
keeping his hands on her -throat till he
was dragged away.
The officers of the society are endeavor
ing to get information as to the where
abouts of the absent man. It Is prob
able that a charge of failure to provide
will be placed against Blngham, so that
he may be arrested If located.
His wife alleges that he sold the furni
ture for $65, drew his wages for the same
amount and departed without a word.
She believes, she states, that he has run
away with another woman. The wife and
two small children are left destitute and
wholly dependent on charity.
Mrs. Josephine L. Blngham of 103S How
ard street applied yesterday to the Society
for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children
for aid in locating her husband, who has
been missing for about a week. He has
been driving a milk wagon for several
months and appeared to be perfectly con
tented.
Deserted Wife Appeals to Charitable
Society for Aid in Locating
Absent Spouse.
THINKS HUSBAND FLED
WITH ANOTHER WOMAN
The ordinary Chinese laborer is a very
unskillful liar "unless carefully coached
by a white attorney or a shrewd Mon
golian In the coolie importing ring. Choo
Hing proved this to the satisfaction of
United States Court Commissioner Hea
cock" yesterday and because of the skepti
cism of the Judge Choo will chew his
rice henceforth In China.
Choo arrived recently on a vessel from
the Alaska salmon canneries and was ar
rested for not being provided with a cer
tificate of registration. He swore before
Sudge Heacock on September 15 that he
was a native of China, and at the time
of the operation of Chinese registration
under the exclusion act that he was at
work chopping down trees in Montana
near the town of Missoula. He said that
his employer refused to grant him leave
of absence for the purpose of getting reg
istered and that he therefore failed to
comply with the act.
On his re-examination yesterday Choo
swore that he was born In the Globe Ho
tel In this city, and that at. the time the
registration was being made he was In
China.
"Didn't you swear yesterday that you
weie in Montana, chopping wood?" asked
the Judge.
"No; that was a mistake of the inter
preter. I said that I was living In the
village of Chop Wood in China," answered
the Mongolian Ananias.
Choo introduced a Chinese friend -who
swore that he saw Choo in the village
of Chop Wood.
Interpreter Jones Informed the court
that there was no village of that name
in the Flowery Kingdom.
Choo was ordered deDorted.
The grand officers and nearly 400 past
masters of the Ancient Order of United
Workmen yesterday assembled in Stein
way Hall, where the Grand Lodge of
California wag in session for the pur
pose of taking action on the plan adopted
by the Supreme Lodge of the order at its
recently held session.
The meeting was presided over altern
ately by Grand Master F. W. Browning
and Past SiiDreme Master W. H. Jor
dan. After a statement of the purpose
of tloe special session the representatives
to the grand body went into committee
of the whole and the greater portion of
the forenoon and the afternoon session
was taken up by Past Supreme Master
Workman W. Warner Wilson. He made
a detailed explanation of the reason why
the supreme body had adopted the plan
of assessments which raises in a small
amount in the ages under 53 years, and
raises the assessment on a $2000 policy
at the age of 55 from %3 56, the present
rate, to $8 40 a month. He stated that
the beneficial committee had made a full
report, which showed clearly that the
rate charged for those over 55 years was
not sufficient to meet the obligations ac
cruing in the older ages and that the
rate fixed is that which is necessary to
conduct the business on safe lines. Ho
then explained a number of options of
fered by the supreme body by which
those who cannot pay the high rate
charged may take either option at a low
er rate with a corresponding: reduction
of the face value of the beneficiary cer
tificate.
The speaker was asked many questions,
to all of which he gave an answar.
Past Grand Master J. N. Younar spoke
at some lensrt* on what he considered
the want of equity of the Supreme Lodge
plan, and urged that the representatives
from this State to the next supreme ses
sion urge the adoption of some method
that would be mow iu»t to the older
members who have been In the order for
a quarter of a century.
At half past 4 o'clock the committee
rose and reported progress, after which
an adjournment was taken until 10 o'clock
this morning.
Map Not Bearing It, He Is
Ordered Sent Back to
Flowery Kingdom.
Why Supreme Lodge Raises
Rates for the Old Men
in the Order.
Declares He Comes Prom
Chinese Town Named
"Chop Wood."
California Grand Lodge
Meets in Special
Session.
MASTER WORKMEN
LISTEN TO PLAN
HING DEFICIENT
IN GEOGRAPHY
Horn Teung, a tribal kinsman of Horn
Toon, was in court with Horn Toon as
friend and confidential adviser. Sleuth
Burns became much interested in him and
requested Chinese Interpeter David D.
Jones to ascertain his . name. Jones did
so and said that he knew the man by
sight as being a frequenter of the Federal
building and' the Chinese Bureau. Then
HIS FRIEND IN TROUBLE.
Judge Heacock remarked that it had
been his custom always to accede to the
request of the District Attorney In the
matter of bail, because the attorney was
acquainted with all the facts of the case,
and he was not. He would therefore re
quire a bond in the sum of $5000, and set
the preliminary examination for October
20 at 10 o'clock.
In the afternoon Horn was taken into
United States Court Commissioner Hea
cock's office for identification and for the
purpose of having his bail set. The pris
oner's interests were cared for by repre
sentatives of Judge Dibble and Bert
Schlesinger. his attorneys. They expected
that the amount of bail required would
not exceed that in the cases of Jailers
Dasha, Burnett and Dempsey, who had
been released on bondg of. $2000 each, and
stated their willingness to furnish se
curity fnr that sum. But Mr. Woodwerth
stated to the court that after a confer
ence with Mr. Burns and other officials
he had. decided to ask that the bonds be
fixed at not less than $5000. He said fur
ther that the Government regarded Horn
Toon as one of the principal offenders In
the substitution cases and expected to
convict him.
corridors of the Hall of Justice yesterday
morning in the hoDe that even If Horn
Toon should- not appear he might meet
Bome Chinese person who would be will
ing to inform him of Horn's whereabouts.
When the orowd became the thickest In
spector Gardiner saw Horn and at once
placed him under arrest for complicity
in the substitution trick. No sooner had
the news reached Chinatown that Horn
had been taken than his Chinese sure
ties appeared and surrendered him Into
the custody of the Police Judge. An or
der was at once made by Judge Cabaniss
transferring the prisoner to the custody
of the Federal authorities and he was
at once surrendered to United States Mar
shal John H. Shine. The Marshal, to
gether with Messrs. Burns and Wood
worth, took Horn into a secluded place
and subjected him to the "sweating" pro
cess for about two hours, and, although
the wily Chinese refused to make a con
fession, they succeeded in extracting sev
eral significant admissions from him.
HEAVY BAIL FIXED.
"The Experience of a San Francisco
Globe Trotter" will be the subject of a
lecture which will be given by O. F. von
Rhein at the First Presbyterian Church
this evening. The lecture will be for the
benefit of the church fund.
Von Rhein to Lecture.
The opposition of Mabel C. Cooley to
the admission to probate of a codicil to
the will of the late Henrietta Calef was
withdrawn yesterday and the entire doc
ument was admitted. A recent decision
of the Supreme Court is the cause of the
¦withdrawal, that tribunal having decided
that the codicil was valid and ordered
reversed the decision of Judge Coffey,
which denied it probate.
Opposition to Codicil Withdrawn.
E. J. Delehanty, saloon-keeper. Twenty
fourth and Howard streets, went to his
home at 35O6»4 Mission street about mid
night Wednesday night drunk. He pulled
a revolver out of his pocket and com
pelled hl« wife to hand over to him a
bankbook showing that she had $2000 de
posited in her name at the Hibernla Bank.
He also compelled her to hand over a
bankbook showing a deposit of $500 in her
brother-in-law's name.
. Yesterday Mrs. Delehanty secured a
warrant from Police Judge Mogan for
the arrest of her husband on a charge
of threats against life, as she said he
had threatened to kill her unless she
gave up the bankbooks. She also pro
cured a search warrant to recover posses
sion of the bankbooks. Detectives Gra
ham and Fitzgerald have charge of the
case. The Delehantys have four children.
Mrs. Delehanty says he gets crazy when
he is drinking.
Mrs. "Ei. J. Delehanty, a Saloonkeep
er's Wife, Gets .Warrant for
His Arrest.
ALLEGES HER HUSBAND
THREATENED HER LIFE
John W. Hansel, president of the Insti
tute and Training School of the Young
Men's Christian Association of Chicago,
is In this city for a short visit. Before
leaving for Chicago Mr. Hansel will tour
the Pacific coast and Inspect the various
T. M. C. A. establishments In the most
Important cities.
Mr. Hansel is^t the head of the insti
tute which trains a large number of
young men each year for the positions of
secretaries and manager? of the various
branches of the association in this coun
try and Canada. This has become a most
Important work In the last few years and
the demand for competent young men to
fill the various positions has been steadily
increasing.
Mr. Hansel will make a careful study
of the work of the association on the
Pacific slope ,and will make a report of
the conditions of the various branches.
POPULAR Y. Iff. C. A. WOBKEB
ASB.IVES HERE ON VISIT
John W. Hansel of the Training In
stitute of Chicago Will Make
Tour of Coast Cities.
"Everyman" will be Riven by the Froh
man Company for the last time in the
-Mhambra Theater on Saturday night. It
will be under the auspices of the Catholic
Truth Societr.
Final Performance.
Fall Line of Leather Goods
Now on exhibition and sain. Ladles'
pocket books, wrist bnps. netsukl purses,
card cases and I till books, the prettiest
things over made. Your name in gold
letter? fr«-e of cnarge. Sanborn, Vail &
Co.. 741 Market st. •
De L.uca claimed that Ingalls without
any provocation whatever pulled a re
volver out of his pocket when he entered
the stor-e and, pointing the weapon at
his head, said: "Vou are under arrest
and if you make any resistance you
know what will happen." De Luca said
he never thought of resisting arrest and
the conduct of the Deputy Game Com
missioner amazed him. He threatens to
make it interesting for Ingalls and says
he has several witnesses who will bear
out his statement that the deputy had
no cause whatever to brandish his re
volver.
N. de Luca. a. fish dealer at 517 Mer
chant street, was arrested yesterday aft
ernoon by Deputy Game Commissioner
J. C. Incalls and booked at the City-
Prison on a charge of having undersized
bass in his possession. He was released
on J30 cash ball.
Deputy Game Commissioner
In galls.
N. De Luca Makes Complaint Against
ADOPTS STHENTJOTJS WAY
TO ARREST FISHDEALER
Chinese Inspector Gardiner knows Horn
Toon very well and circulated about the
GARDINER CATCHES HIM.
diner and the arrest of Horn's
friend, Horn Teun?, later in the day by
United States Secret Service Agent Harry
Merlin. The latter was supposed to be
the much wanted Wong Din.'- He soon
established his Identity and was released.
Horn Toon was named by the y*te United
States Deputy Marshal Gamble as one of
the men who assisted In substituting the
six Chinese now in custody In place of
six Chinese ordered remanded Into the
custody of the master of the steamship
Gaelic. Wong Din was the other man
mentioned by Gamble. Each had three
old Chinamen concealed In the Appraiser's
building early on the morning of Friday,
September 11, when Gamble arrived at
the building after having released the six
remanded men. Horn Toon and Wong Din
disappeared from sight as soon as they
learned that the six substituted Chinese
had been taken ashore oft the steamer
and that the trick had been detected. But
Horn Toon at that time happened to be
out on $2500 bonds to appear yesterday
In Police Judge Cabaniss' court to an
swer to a charge of subornation of per
jury in the case of Tom Sam On, re
cently acquitted in that court of the crime
of grand larceny.
THE latest development In the Ch
nese substitution cases was tfc
arrest yesterday. of Horn Toon b
Chinese Inspector John E. Gai
Oeor;e Morrison, a laborer, died at the
South' rn Pacific Hospital last Wednesday
from injuries received by being struck
by a box car on June 20. near Gaudaloupe.
(al. Morrison was 35 years of age and a
native of Guadaloupe.
Killed by a Train.
«
Superintendent Richardson
Still Remains Discreet
ly Secluded.
Erwin to Appear Before
Court Commissioner
To-Day.
To-day James W. Ervin, formerly as
sistant superintendent of the San Fran
dscb special delivery system, will ap
jjear before I'nited States Court Commis
sioner E. H. Heacock t > answer the Indict
ment brought against him l>> the Federal
Grand Jury of tl^e District of Columbia,
which charges Mm with conspiring to dc-
Iraud the United States Government.
L'pon thr aJI'-.CKtioiis in the certified copy
of the indictment now in the hands of
United State* District Attorney Marshall
Woodworth bia preliminary examination
will take place.
Bruin's attorney. Samuel Knight, has
announced that be will make a fig^t to
have Ji'P client's case settied here with
out tiif necessity of a trial la Washing
ton. To d.> this Knight will have to
l>r!np forth such a weight of testimony
i!-at Corrmissiont-r He acock will feel jus
t::i^<i in declaring that the allegations in
the indictment sent out by the Washing
ton Grand Jury are not warranted by the
lacts. in which case he will appeal to the
committing magistrate. Judge de Haven,
to refuse gn order of removal of the pris
oner to the District of Columbia court.
Should this happen. Erwln will be a free
man the minute Judge de Haven hands
down his decision.
Knight's determination to fight his cll
ent's case and secure his acquittal here In
San Francisco may suffer a disappoint
ment. In that already the same tactics
have been tried by the attorney of George
W. Beavers, also under indictment in
New York, and there failed. District At
torney Wood wortn 1 feels that the commit
ting magistrate here will follow the prec
edent pet by the New York Judge.
In the absence of Superintendent D. S.
Kichardson, the chief testimony which
will be brought against Erwin will be the
story which was told by the absent of
ficial before the Grand Jury at Washing
ton. His testimony has been forwarded
to Attorney Woodworth and will be prac
tically the only grounds upon which the
Government can base its case, either here
or in Washington. Attorney Knight feels
that he has. enough testimony right here
to refute the allegations of that instru
ment.
Meanwhile Superintendent Richardson
conspicuous by his absence. His
'attorney. R. H. Eepey, says that he has
not yet left Washington and that no time
is f-et for his return. Postmaster SJin
tajrue seems to be entirely at sea as to the
date when his superintendent can be ex
pected to resume his business at the local
office and his place Is being filled by sub
vrdirates.
Supervisor Braunhart, Father Carraher
and a number of others made short ad
dresses, declaring for the entire bond is
sue.
He dwelt upon necessity for co-opera
tion, demonstrating by actual figures that
no one section of the city can carry a
sinple provision without the aid of the
other sections.
George Renner, president of the Dray
men's Association, made a forcible ad
dress favoring all the projects included
in the bond issue, xie said that when the
announcement of the bond issue was first
made the Draymen's Association met and
decided to wage a campaign for better
streets and servers. Later they came to
the conclusion that it would be selfish
and foolish to fight only for a portion of
the projects, so the association Indorsed
Every one cf the provisions and its mem
bers are now working for the passage of
the entire bond issue.
He favored all the proposed amend
ments, he said, because each one of them
was intended for the permanent better
ment of the city. He realized, he said,
that persons In certain sections of the
city were more interested in some projects
than in others that did not directly ap
peal to them. He said he knew this feel
ing- existed, but it was necessary if they
wished to carry any single one of the pro
visions to secure the co-operation of those
In other parts of the city. .Therefore it
would be necessary for every man inter
ested in any of the projects mentioned
in the bond Issue to work earnestly for
every provision In order that in return
for these services his own' pet project
would receive the support of those he
hv'lpeil.
He pointed out the need for more
sewers, better streets and improved
schoclhouses and made special pleas for
Telegraph Hill and St. Mary"s Square
parks. Of the latter he said that Its
establishment would serve to wipe out
one of the worst plague spots In the city
and in place of a breeding place for vice
would furnish a beautiful and healthful
breathing place for pure children.
An enthusiastic maFS»-mecting. under the
auspices of the North End Protective
League, was held lsst night in Washing
ton Square Hall for the purpose of for
warding interest in favor of issuing bonds
for the s-pecifitd public improvements.
Supervisor Rca presided and many of
the large property-owners of North Beach*
were present. Mayor Schmitz arrived
shortly after the meeting: was called to
order and rectivoJ an enthusiastic
ST«eiin«;. He ats ,nlrouuc«d at on?e a;.d
epoke al length in favor of the entire
bond issue.
Urge That Every Propo
sition Bo Passed
Mayor Schmitz and Others
Enthusiastic Meeting Is
Held at Washington
Square Hall.
MUST CONFRONT
HIS ACCUSERS
NORTH BEACH
FAVORS BONDS
HOM TOON, GAMBLE'S AID,
CAPTURED BY GARDINER
Chief of the Chinese Conspirators Now Behind Bars and
Makes Damaging Admissions When "Sweated" by Secret
Service Agent W. J. Burns and Attorney Woodworth
THE SAN' FKAIS CISCO UAI^FKIDAY, SEPTEMBER 25, 1903.
9
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
MISCALLED "HAIR TONICS."
Most Hair Preparations Are Merely
Scalp Irritants, of No Value.
Most hair preparations are merely scalp
Irritants, miscalled hair tonics. When
hair is brittle, lusterless and begins to
fall out the dandruff germ is getting In
its deadly work at the root, sapping the
vitality. Since science discovered . that
dandruff is a germ disease there has been
only one preparation put on the market
that will actually destroy the dandruff
germ, and that is Newbro's Herplclde. It
quickly reduces scalp fever, destroys the
germ; and the falling hair stops and hair
grows luxuriantly. Ask your druggist for
Herpicide. It allays itching instantly and
permits the hair to grow. Sold by lead-
ing druggists. Send 10c in stamps for
sample to The Herplclde Co., Detroit,
Mich.
CASTOR I A
¦ For Infants and Children,
The Kind You Have Always Bought
Bears the /]? SZf/f+-i£ m
Signature of L/uzS c f£7<CU<JUA£
Paiarp D °N' T fail to
iaUU<V 8ee the - beautiful
j COURT Lounging
/.fill room, the EMPIRE
U11U PARLOR, the
r J PALM ROOM, the
llf/sHfl LOUIS XV PAR-
U1UI1U LOR, and the LA-
II i.~l~ DIES' WRITING
HOtelS ROOM -
flBGssnS^H^^^B^Br^^^^VBB^^BsV^sUvSfl^^^B
m sfli bId dl vA a iffuB
tkJ *l I cMs fen ¦*A*S«I
h3 Q h 133 Esfjl rSl ESS at f^a la
fca **Jj oil Wml I&3 EB53 R E*%J Sj
§»J^ FAVORITE
pSCEIPTIOM
BL FOR WEAK WOMEN,
#% I ¦ A I #% Ammunition. HunUn* and
I "I IHIL" Sporting Goods. Largest
H_l 1 Eli ctock. Lowest prices, deod
111 IBHlik (or catalogue.
ttJ W 1 II Ur SHREVB & BARBER CO..
W 78» Market st. and JU
Kearny at.
IA/. X. HESS,
Votary Putollo an* Attorney -at-I^mr.
Tenth Floor, Rcom 1016, Claus Spreckels bids.
Telephone Main 983.
Residence. 821 California it. below PowtU.
Rtsldfnc* Teltphona James 1501.
MiscTrr,T.AyEOxr8 amusements.
NEXT MONDAY AND TUESDAY,
B«Dtember 28 and 29,
Special Matinee Next Tuesday. Sept. C9.
THE ETEBYKAB COMPA5T
In an Elizabethan Production of
SHAKESPEARE* S
TWELFTH NIGHT
RESERVED SEATS— *1 80 and fl now
on sale at Sherman. Clay A Co.'*.
AMUSEMENTS.
AT sfi A T A T* Belasc© Sk Mayor.
ALCAZAR rras
__ General Manager.
This, Friday Evening
FLORENCE ROBERTS
In D'AnnnnzIo's Marvelous Play.
QIOCONDA.
Sat. Mai., Sat. and Sun. Nights,
TBi ADVENTURE OF LADY URSULA.
Evenings. 25c to 75c; Sat. Mat.. 15c to 60&
Next Monday — Last Week but On*.
MISS ROBERTS IN ZAZA,
Falke and Semon; Charles Ernest;
Mario and Aldo, and E. Rousby's
Latest Spectacular Novelty.
"IN PARIS"
An Electrical Review In Four Tableaux.
Last times of Wood and Bay; Frederic
Bond and Company; Arnesen;
James Richmond Glenroy and
Princess Losoros.
Reserved Seats. 25c; Balcony. 10c; Box Beats
and Opera Chairs. BOc.
I I VU LI -house.
* — " I
(NOTE— Performances bestn at 8 sharp. 9»W
urday JIatlnea at 2 share).
TO-NIGHT and Saturday Night,
Blzet'a Masteroiece.
"CARMEN"
Saturday Matinee and Sunday Night.
Verdfa Lyric Drama.
"LA TRAVIATA"
(CAMILLE.)
Next Week— "THE BARBER OF 82-
VILLE" and "CARMEN."
PRICES AS USUAL — 23c. SOe. 75c
'• Telephone Bush 9.
ipALilFORNlT
\J [ ONLY TWO MORE N1GHT3 |f|
The Phenomenal Comedy Opera Success.
THE (wrrm ark'S)
CHAPERONS
"My Sambo," "Billy Was Good to
Me." "We're All Good Fellows" — The
Great Son; Hlta.
MATINEE TO-MORROW.
T! Sunday Xlg/ht— "A TEXAS t
I STEER." Uoyt's Famous IF**
'I Political Satire. j Lg
HLATRlJ
AAI Bias 53 B A SM FMSSCrS
l# U LU Sirs M I A mm mm
This Week And Next Week
NIGHTLY. INCLUDING BUNDAT.
Slatinec* Wednesday and Saturday.
Henry W. Savage Announces the
TRIUMPHANT MUSICAL CPMEDY
PRINCE
OF
PILSEN
By Plxley and Ludert, Authors of King Dodcv
"Alderman? False-Alarm Statesman f*
Next Week. Last Times— "PRINCE OP PIL-
PEN."
Oct. 3 — 'TLORODORA. 1 ' by a Star Cast.
MATINEE TO-MORROW AND SUNDAY.
Every lady and child presented with a souve-
nir picture of a popular Lilliputian at to-mor-
row's matinee. Last Two INifintsw
POLLARD LILLIPUTIAN OPERA CO.
TO-N1CHT
AND TO-MORROW MATINEE.
Gilbert and Sullivan's Comic Opera.
H. Al. S. PINAFORE
To-aiorrow Nijjht
THE BELLE NEW YORK
Next fundny Matinee, JAMES NEILL la
A GENTLEMAN OF FRANCE
PRICES — Evening^. 15c. 23c. 50c. 75c.
Matinees. 15c. 23c. 00c
I "The Glad Hand" and "The Con-corer," I
The Two Bl* Funny Plays.
But a Short While Longer.
Out "All-Star" Cast. Ineludlat;
KOLB AND DILL.
BARNEY BERNARD. .-V
WINFIELD BLAKB.
HARRY HERMSEN.
MAUDE AMBER.
ELEANOR JENKINS.
RESERVED SEATS— NUhts, 23c. Me and
75c. Saturday and Sunday Matinees, 23c and
BOc. Children at Matinees. 10c and 25c.
Seats on Sale for "THE PARADER3." the
Great Musical Comedy to be 8een .mi Monday.
October 5.
Market St.. near Eighth. Phone South 53X
TO-NIOHT— THREE LAST NIGHTS.
TO-MORROW AND 8UNDAT MATINEES.
Buuclcault's Famous Melodrama. V
AFTER DARK.
-»--——— The River of Real Water!
nf^|^ The Plunge for a Life!
Xa, IM »H The Underground Railway!
r 1 1^ The Llshtnlng Express Tratntw
k. IBiMJ Dicey Morris' Dancehall!
7~ Great Specialties!
DDirCC EVENINGS 10c to Wo
rKtVLO MATINEES 10c. 15c, 23o
Monday. September 29. Opening; of L. R.
STOCKWELL Engagement In Hoyfs "A Tem-
perance Town."
JOHN LECLAIR
The Artistic Comedy Juggler, and a
GREAT SHOW EVERT AFTERNOON AND
EVENING IN THE THEATER.
1 Inspect "CABARET DE LA MORT."
VISIT THE "MYSTIC MIRROR MAZE.-
LION SLAYING BABOON
IN THE ZOO.
ADMISSION. 10c; CHILDREN. Be.
When Phoning Ask for "Th» Chutea."
U2CTTJBES ANJ> CONCUBTS.
HTXEXm wAT TTAXiX>,
JRFgtjjPNUKjfcjV Sunday Night at 8:13,
JaJ9wBBlf^»» Jnti "Tb* Marconi of the
S-iliili^J "CLAIRVOYA/VCH"
ADVERTISEMENTS.
¦"'¦-'¦-"-"*-"-¦¦ .^.,-m*-jw..- J -«ur»-,.nj-.«L«.. . . .-.--¦- . j .fun-run.^.* (
One >^li^ McBnrDeirs
/ KIDNEY 1
Bottle/.^ *If AND
R Cj BLADDER
GurGSSw Jk. cure I
Per pain* in the back, Brifht'i dis-
ease. Incontinence of urine, brick
dust deposit, bed-wettingr, gravel,
fircpey, diabetes, rheumatism. M
Or.Ij- by removing poisonous acid can
rheumatic am) neur&Zjnc troubles be
cured. Uric acid finds !ts way Into the
blood becauFe the Kidneys are weakened
and <Jo not throw !t c!t from the system.
R?*tor* the Sidneys and you restore th« ;
power that will force the urle acid from j
the body. That Is Jurt what llcBurney's !
* Kidney and Bladder Cure does. It drlres
the deadly uric acid from the blood. It
tusteins th» organs that sustain life and
the force* that make blood. llcBurney's H
Kidney and Bladder cure. $1 60. All
drufrpists. Booklet With sworn state-
ments of cures free. W. F. McBurney.
Scle 1S.lT.. £2S S. Eprtnc st-. Los Angeles.
,CUTLER«y
EVERY.ELADE.mRRANTB
READING BUSINESS COLLEGE OF THK
WEST, it Post «t.. Saa FrancUco. Cal.
Ertebllfched 40 rears. Open entire 7**x.
Write for Illustrated cataloru* <free).
A FOLYTECHNIC
A-\ Business Colle*;« and
-C-PT"i\ 9^*% School of Exurln*er-
«— E&Fs^iSSM » lE *- Oakland. Cal.
/^^7-^fpn?MiJ2 Lsi Ben and be.t
sC^&T^SErP*! »<IulPP«d «<-hool of
c *J2~Z£Zf t *&m\ *>«»in«»s ehortflanl
'-* C "iTiwT 5ri *r i k fcnd *«t
K^Jf&&&$fi&3C of CfcJcaso. Perfect
W Wftfv-WSS ellmew. expensei low.
*«¦' T-'ljU. '-'gp*?' ZrV -Writ* for free 100-
pace catalorce.
ST. JOSEPH'S ACADEMY.
PERALTA PAUK. BERXELKT.
3. k: cir.t and day school for boys under 13 yean
cf tee. Studies commence MONDAY. Auffust i
lfaCS. Ecnd fnr orospectus to Bra. Oenebraa.
St. Mary's College,
OAKLAND* CAL.
Stndies mill be resumed MONDAY. Aorast 4,
1903. Sao. ZE.NO.V1AN. Preeidcai.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.COLT WHICH WILL BE FAV
ORITE FOR 1904 AMERICAN
DERBY.
Seven boxing bouts are on the card for
decision to-night at the monthly exhibi
tion of the San Francisco Athletic Club
In Its Sixth-street gymnasium. In addi
tion to these there will be a wrestling
bout between Otto Hansen and Al Smith
Seven Amateur Boxing Bouts.
LEAVENWORTH, Kans., Sept. 24.-Be
fore 10,000 persons here to-day Cresceus,
paced by the running horse Mike the
Tramp, and also by an automobile, went
after his record for a mile on a half
mile track. He would have trotted the
mile in 2:09 had not the running horse
acted strangely, which caused Cresceus
to break while coming down the stretch
in the first half. He finished the mile in
2:10%. k :
Cresceus Goes Against Record.
COPENHAGEN. Sept. 24.— C. F. von He<Je
mann. the Governor of the Danish West In
dies, who is now In Denmark, will not return
to his post. He will be succeeded by H. Lo
rentzjsen. secretary of tho finance department.
PITTSBURG, Sept. 24.— Believing that
the Boston American League baseball
team will not play the post season series
with Pittsburg, Manager McGraw of the
New York Club offers to, take the place
of that club. McGraw thinks that by
winning from Pittsburg to-day New York
will ln all likelihood land in second place,
in which event he would like to play
Pittsburg five post season games to see
which is really the. superior team. -His
club has nine post season fames arranged
for, but would cancel all for Pittsburg.
He proposes that the proceeds go to the
players of the two clubs.
MILWAUKEE, Sept. 24.— Henry K1I
liea, owner of the Boston American
League baseball team, to-day declared off
the proposed series of games J between
Boston and the Pittsburgh team of the
National League.
BOSTON. Sept. 24.— Notwithstanding
that Mr. Killiea has wired his rejection
of the terms on which the members of
the Boston American League baseball
team proposed playing a series with the
Pittsburg National League team. It was
said to-nlsht that there was still a pos
sibility of the series being played. The
players' proposition was to consider the
owner as a member of the team on a
pro rata basis. He refused to consider
anything but a flat one-half, as he owns
the team and gives free use of his park.
Henry Killiea, Owner of the Former
Club, Rejects the Terms of
fered Him.
BOSTON AND PITTSBXJRQ
TEAMS MAY NOT MEET
Batteries^ — Taylor and Raub; Willis and
Moran.
PITTSStTRG, Sept. 24.— Few hits weTe mado
because both pitchers were so wild the bats
men had little chance. Attendance, 2600
Score :
«.. v R. H. E.
Pittsburg 2 5 3
New York 7 5 \
Batteries — Scanlon and Smith and Phelps;
Ames and Warner.
CINCINNATI, Ohio. Sept. 21.— Cincinnati
clinched fourth place to-day by winning out
In the ninth Inning on Donttn'a double and
Dolan's single. Attendance. 1300: Score:
Cincinnati 2" 9' I
Brooklyn 1 g 2
Batteries — Hahn and Pelts; Garvln and Jack
lltsch.
ST. LOUIS. Sept. 24.— Phlladelphla-St.Louls
game postponed. Double header Sunday.
! <^L to ~ day ln a featureless game. Attendance.
1200. Score :
Ch lc »f"> 7 10' E i
Boston 4 9 2
Batteries — Patterson and S lattery Flanlr
and Power*. * ¦^"""*
Chic^o* 1 Bame ~ R- H- K.
Philadelphia 7 7 J
Batteries— Flaherty and Sullivan; Fairbanks
and Powers.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
CHICAGO. Sept. 24.— Chicago won from Bos-
Batteries— Puttmann and Bevllle; Sudhoff
and Kahoe.
v,, B .? ST S?', Sept - 24--B°*ton *°n to-day by
hlttins Kissinger and taking: advantage of De
troit"9 errors. Attendance, 2100. Score:
Boston a" ix j
Detroit 2 ft 2
Batteries — Gibson. Farrell and Stahl- KIs
sir.ger and McGulre.
PHILADELPHIA. Sept. 24.— Chicago and
Philadelphia played two games to-day tha
locals winning both. Eleven Innings we're re
quired to decide the Brst game, and the sec
end was called In the sixth owing to darkness
Attendance. 446a Scores: aarKness.
First game— R H E
Chicago 3 ft a
Philadelphia 4 jj |
Batteries— Chesbro and Bevllle; Pelty and
Shannon. '
Second game — R. H E
New York 8 7 «
St. Louis 6 8 3
Cleveland Batters Slug the Ball Sard
and Defeats the "Washington
Team.
AMERICAN' LEAGUE.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 24.— Cleveland slugged
the ball hard throughout the day's rame and
won easily. Attendance, 1300. Score:
Washington *' $" E i
Cleveland ]n 13 0
Batteries— Orth and Kittrldge; Donohue and
Bern la.
NEW YORK. Sept. 24.— Xew York won both
games of the double-header to-day In the
first game Pelty was In the box for the vis
itors and was batted hard, while Chesbro
the local pitcher, did not allow a St. Louislan
to cross the plate until the eighth Inning New
York's fielders gare Puttmann. a new pitcher,
poor support In the second game, but he worked
steadily and scored a well-earned victory. At
tendance. 3935. Scores:
Ne^York^: * ft =£
st. Louis :: 2 3 j
NEW YORK WINS BOTH
GAMES FBOM ST. LOUIS
2:04 class pace, purse $800 — Harold II won
two straight heats In 2:06%. 2:08. Little-
Squaw and Edith W also started.
2:15 trot, purse $900 — The Questor won the
first, fourth and fifth heats In 2:11*4, 2:llVi.
2:13. Norrle won the second and third heats
In 2:12>i. 1:12 Vi- Midnight. Walter Smith.
Stockton. Pat Ford, Dick M. Maggie V and
Poteen also started. .
2:13 class, pacingr, two In three, purse $2000
— Star Hal won two straight heats In 2:0© l A.
2:00%. Dolly Carr was second. : Page Hal,
Lady Bcllebrook and Little Sphinx also started.
'2:19 trot, parse $1000— Gray Gem won the
second, third and fourth heats In 2:1274,
2:1314, 2:i:u;. O I won the first heat in
2:131,4. The Parson. Almerion. Laundry Boy,
Brownie Wilton. Montlcola, Poindexter. Oayo
sa, Factor J and Countess Alice also started.
COLUMBUS. Ohio. Sept. 24.— The con
test between The Questor and Norrle in
the 2:15 trot was the feature at the Grand
Circuit meeting to-day. Tho race went
to' five heats and was won by The Quea
tor, the favorite, who won the first heat
from Midnight In a drive, lost the next
two to Norrie, and then, ,in a desperate
whipping finish, won the fourth and fifth
heats ar.rt the race.
The judges gave Gray Gem the second
heat of the 2:19 trot, when the specta
tors thought O. I. had It clearly won. A
protest went up and then the officials
moved their Btation to the outside of
the track and there was no more trouble.
Gray Gem was an even money favorite
and had no fight after the second heat.
Summary:
2:08 class, pacing, $2000 (five heats) — Mer
volo won the first, fifth and sixth heats In
2:0C%. 2:07?i, 2:08U- WlnHeld Stratton won
the second and fourth heats in 2:07%, 2:07^.
New Richmond, Surfeet, Pinchem WUkes.
Council Chimes. Colonel Loomis and Jolisco
also started.
FINISHES ABE EXCITING.
Facing and Trotting Contests at
Columbus Furnish. Good Sport.
2:11 pace, purse $500— Annie M won two
straight heajs In 2:11U, -:H%- Piccolo,
Tommy Wilton. Hal B, Hero, Aloyron and
Lucreek also started. /
Special against tlma to beat 2:00U— Major
Delmar. Time. 2:05.
2:15 pace, purse $500 — Little Fred won two
straight heats In 2:09i£, 2:11%. Daphne Di
rect. Garnet, BOS, Clover, B. S. Dillon,
Sultana, Tommy N, Cinder. Sloppy Weather
and Warren B also started. •
2:16 class trot, purse $5tX) — Annie Little won
two straight heats in 2:12'.j. MUlurd Sanders.
Direct View. Dark Secret, Sonata and Wild
Wind also started.
2:30 class trot, purse $300 — Leonora won
second and third heats in 2:lS>i. 2:19. Leo
nataxwon the Arst heat In 2:15%. Dal Gregor.
Bikei*. Majestic, Delsoa, Miss Hibbard. North
land. Carolyn. Minnie Bradstreet and Miss
James also started.
NEW YORK. Sept 24.-The big event
•at the Empire City track to-day was the
effort of Major Delmar to beat his own
record of 2:0OVi. Before bis trial It was
announced that he had been bought for
$40,000 by E. E. Smathers, the owner of
Lord Derby, McChesney and other fast
horses. In his effort he went to the quar
ter in :30%, half In :69% and the three
quarters in 1:29%. There he broke and
came home In 2:05.
He will go again- to-morrow. Summary:
The officials were: Judges— W. M. Cart
wright. Stewart Carter; referee— E. M.
Graney; announcer— Frank Thompson;
timekeeper — F. R. Butz.
Billy Fuller and James LinJger sup
plied the comedy element of the evening.
They boxed four long distance rounds
without either being damaged.
Referee Graney stopped the bout be
tween George Flnnegr.n and Frank Scott
In the first round. Scott went down sev
eral times without being hit.
As a curtain raiser Jiramy Britt and
Sam Bergcr boxed three rounds. Tha
first two rounds showed some clever
boxing. The third was an Imitation of a.
knockout. It was sufficiently realistic to
draw rounds of applause from the spec
tators.
In the first and second rounds there was
but little damage done. In the third
Hughes landed some hard right hand
swings to the head and had Leonard In
distress. It was all fighting In the last
round, Leonard apparently landing th«
most tellinjr blows.
The Judges disagreed and Referee Gra
ney decided In favor of Hughes. Tho
spectators seemed about as evenly divided
In their opinions as were the Judges. Had
Leonard assumed the aggressive from tho
start he would have surely w,on.
George Murray outclassed Bin Johnson.
He finally knocked the latter out In the
third round. Johnson was standing up
leaning on the ropes at the time and re
mained in that posture until assisted to
his corner by his seconds.
Harry Tenney and Joe Kane,' an oddly
matched 'pair In size, fought themselves
to a standstill in two rounds. First ons
and then the other had the advantage un
til Just before the gong sounded the end
of the fourth round. Jenney had Kana
in distress and finally knocked him out.
It was some time before he came to.
. Dick Hyland. the Sharkey of the ama
teur ring, wore out Ed Anstett In four
rounds and secured the decision. Hyland
was the stronger and the more aggresslva
throughout.
W. J. Leonard, the Olympic Club's fa
vorite boxer, was defeated last night,
much to his surprise and to that of tha
spectators. He met Jack Hughes of the
Hawthorne Atheltic Club In a bout at the
Olympic Club's special boxing exhibition.
Breaks After Fassing Three-
Quarter Pol© and Fin
ishes in 2:05.
Judges Disagree and Referee
Graney Casts the De
ciding Vote.
Jack Hughes Given De
cision Over Him in
Olympic Club.
Major Delmar Is Driven
Against Time at New
FAILS TO BEAT
HIS OWN RECORD
BOXER LEONARD
MEETS DEFEAT
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 24.— Gray's . pitching
was a picnic for the Oaklands to-day and the
score shows how they took It, Not only did
the visitors get sixteen hits. Including some
two-baggers and a home -run, but bases on
balls, wild pitches, passed ' balls ' and 'costly
errors In the field helped to . swell the total
of the run column. The locals fell on Lee In.
the fifth and- after five singles were made Loh
man put Mosklman on the slab. . Whalen. a lo-
0AKL ANDERS WIN.
vTake Kindly to the Pitching of Gray,
Securing Sixteen Sits.
ST. PETERSBURG, Sept. 24. — It was of
ficially announced to-day that; duty on cotton
roods Imported Into Russia will not be lowered
ttl» year.
One and a sixteenth miles, selling, handicap
-^Chub won. Burdock second, Ohio Girl third
Tlm«. 1:48%.
Six and a half furlongs, match race be
tween Morengo and Bob Crawford— Morenco
won in 1:29. *
Six furlongs — Sol Lichtenstein won,- Homage
second. Limb of the Law third. Time 1-16
Hurdle, one and an eighth miles — Gllssan'do
won. Major Hooker second. Humbert third.
Time. 2:04.
r,, Sh f t % lon S s - « elUn K— Sampson Plunkett won.
Black Cloud second. Mizzle third. Time,
lngton 1 "^^ 11 ' Pr> SePt 2 *~ Results ** Irv
2:23 pace — Harry Hurst won Polka Dot onrt
Bcnrurba tied for second. Time 214
Special pace— Economizer won ' Hallle
Hinses and Helen Norte tied for second. Time'
Results at Irvington.
'Among the well wishers 'of boxing it Is
believed the game will be killed here if
an ', unlimited : number of contests can ¦' be
held.;,; . '
', Manager. Coff roth and Attorney Choyn
ski of the Yosemite Athletic Club and
Eddie Grariey, who are said to be behind
the' new club, were about the Supervis
ors* meeting room during ; the afternoon.
It Is said their plans are so well matured
that they have matched Canole,' the 'new
lightweight wonder of the East, against
Jimmy: Brltt," providing the latter defeats
Selger.^^j^^afgBfeftltiMwBita-'MllWiffia
The Supervisors' Police Committee- did
not meet yesterday, so no action could be
taken on the application of the North End
Athletic Club. foK a special boxing license
for ;the : remaining ! three months - of . the
year.; '.. ;' --y ir ... ¦ •; -.-¦ .;<¦•. *
Supervisors', . Police . Committee '• Fails
to Meet, Hence Action ; I» . Again '
y Postponed: '" *
BOXING MANAGERS' BEQUEST
FOr LICENSE IS PENDING
Seattle Game Postponed.
SEATTLE. Sept. 24— Portland-Seattle game
postponed on account of rain.. ..
The Lick and Polytechnic High School
football teams of the Academic Athletic
League will usher In the season this
afternoon at 3 o'clock with a game at the
Presidio athletic grounds. The members
of both teams have b«en training hard for
some time past and a hard fought strug
gle will result from the meeting.
Both teams have come good material,
many of last year's players being on the
rival elevens. The youngsters are all
eager to be given a chance, so they will
try their best in the opening game. Fol
lowing is the line up:
.Polytechnic. Position. Lick. .
Laulhere Center Sullivan
Andersen Right CSuard Merle
Tcy Lowe Left Guard Jackson
Hkavlan Right Tackle Saunders
neardon Lert Tackle WhJpple
McKenrie Right End Mastick
Asbbury Left End Semlnario
Kaunders Quarter ; . . . Holmes
Martin (captain)... Right Half Dodson
c ""-rl Left Half Miller
Bonificld Full Back Keefe
uled to Meet at Presidio Grounds
This Afternoon.
Lick and Polytechnic Elevens Sched-
HIGH SCHOOL TEAMS
TO PLAY FOOTBALL
SIXTH RACE — On« and a sixteenth miles:
selling: ¦"
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. & Fin
7tol— Loone. 112 (Foley) 3 3 l V
8 to 1 — Charles C, 102 (Hennessy)7 1 2 J 4
9 to 2 — Baronet, 102 (Smith) 2 6 3 2
Time, 1:51. Start good. "Won driving..-Win
ner P. J. . Mllea' ch. g. by Devotee-Calera.
Chlckamauga 00, Little Lois 07, Requisition 90.
Cardigan 97, Goaslper 97, Lady Esher 82, Satin
Coat J05, Class Leader 02, also ran.
DELMAR ENTBIES.
* ST. LOUIS. Sept. 24.— Delmar entries:
First race, six furlongs, selling — Bugle Horn
88. Sadie Burch 90. Volney 93. Maud Johnson
00, Susie Letcher 109. Dr. Scharff 109, Comor
90, J Bird Pond 95, Lady Fonso 95. Caybon 90,
My Surprise 103. . Sweet Charity . 114.
Second race, seven furlongs, selling — Banquet
100' Golden Medium 100. Star Gazer 100, Jean
Gravier.07, , Sting. 95.. Sid Silver 97 Glllesple
103, Galanthus 101. Our Lady 103. Pepper Dick
88. Postman 95, Maghoni 89.
¦¦ Third race, six furlongs." purse— Mendon 100.
Brancas 108. Forehead 112. Lord Hermertce
103 Old Stone 108.
? Fourth race, on© and three-sixteenth miles,
jrurse— Tommy Hill 103 Imp. . Albula 106. Sld
dons.lOl Taby^Tosa 98. Monsieur Beaucalre
101.
• Fifth rac«. one mile, purse — Water Tower
108 Dan McKenna 103, Bengal 10S, Glennevls
98 "Allopath 110. • -. ¦ . ¦- ; • v
Sixth . race, seven furlongs." selling — Jigger
103 Cogswell 103, Ethel ." Davis 98, Optional
102 Montana 'Peeress 100. Lou Clleveden 10.J.
"Worthington 103. Avoid 105. Revenge Dare 103.
DELMAB SELECTIONS.
By the New York TelegraDh.
First race — Bugle Horn, Dr.
Scharff, My Surprise. \
Second race — Sid Silver, Pepper
; Dick, Postman. ;
Third race ~ Forehand, Old Stone,
Mendon.
Fourth race — Taby Tosa, Siddons,
Monsieur Beaucaire.
Fifth race — Dan McKenna, Water
Tower, Bengal. .' .
. , Sixth face -- Montana Peeress,
Cogswell^. Revenge^Dare. y
Shadow vs. Medley: Piker vs. Dcreen; Yukon
vs. Whisper; -Miss Wilson vs. October Lad-
Roy Hughie vs. Anner Boy; Una vs. Peeper
Jack; Orstna vs. Hefner; Rockefellow vs. Odd
Eyes; loung Johnnie Rex vs. Pure Pearl
aU 5f, 1 ?? Wat « va - Adonis; Pa,ha Pleasant
vs. Haddlngton; Royal Friend vs. Moonbeam-
Doc Burns vs. Equator; Harvey M vs. Klng>
Pride. Wedge wood vs. Rlenri; Onward Maud vs
R ,°* Xa T M: h ady M {? 1<J vs - MaId ot the Glen-
Old Ironsides vs. TUttle Plunger: Roulette vs
Commercial Traveler: Jerry Wright vs Llttfe
tSSV-^t'T*^ V "- P . ey TUrvey: Anchor vs
Thetis; Intruder vs. Lulu Girl; Rock and Rye
vs. Conroy; Flower of Kerry vs Bob R* Belfast
S PB2&* Ho ™ er , B °y vs. Jlqgle Bells; Moun-
! a V? H. K^} v > Special; Tom Hurllck vs. Green
hall: B&bjr Jennie *¦*. Black Flush- All Baba
vs. Flora Bird; Prometheus vs. Reta S- Rich
Argosy vs. Idaho Boy; J E H vs Black' rEnn-
Yellow Tail vs Sofala; Gold Lily vs^Bo^e
Hughle: General Dewet vs. Fannie Hughle-
Young Buck vs. Rose Tree- Clarice x* nSi
Myra: Honor Bright vs. Pepper HM? 9"
Veteran stake— Babe Murphy vb. Youn*
America: Martha WaFhington vs. Lottie M^
Phootover vs. Miss Grizzle; Beauty Spot vs'
Royal Flush; Morning Glory a bye ¦
An eighty-dog open stake, with a con-
Bolatlon event for the dogs beaten In the
first round and a veteran stake made up
the card for Saturday and Sunday at
Ingleslde Coursing Park. The draw la«t
night resulted as follows:
Three Stakes for Greyhounds Will Be
Hun on Saturday and
Sunday.
EIGHTY DOOS ENTERED
AT INGLESIDE PAEK
Stolen base — Casey. Errors — Raymond, Zear
foss, Lynch. Two-base hits — Sheehan, Doyle,
Townsend, Krug, Pabet. . Sacrince hits — Hogan,
Pabst. : Townsend. First base on error — Sac
ramento 1. First base on called balls — Off
Herr 6. off Knell 1. Left on bases — San Fran
cisco 6, Sacramento 10. Strucx out — By Knell
3. - Hit by pitcher — Casey, Lynch. - Pabst
Double play — Egan to Knell to Sheehan. Time
of game — 1 hour and SO minutes. Umpire —
McDonald. ' ' "
Totals.31 1 7 27 IV Totals.38 6 8 27 12
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Sacramento ...... 0 2 02 000 6 2 — 6
Base hits ...... 020 2, 10-0 1. 2—8
San Francisco ... 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 — 1
Base hits 1 1 0 0 110 12—7
SUMMARY.
San Franc! t co — " Sacramento—
AB.R. H. P.A. AB.R. H. P.A.
Lynch, If.2 0 1 2 0 Casey, 2b.2 0 14a
Mr any, rf.4 0 10 0 Hlbnd, lf.5 0 0 10
Irwin, Sb.4 0 0 1 SlMcLln, rf.5 0 0 2 0
Krug, CI..4 11 B 0 Kgan, s..3 1 13 6
Zerfoss, c.4 0 11 1 Twnd. lb.4 119 1
Pabst. lb.2 0 1 11 1 Fhehn, 3b.5 2 8 2 1
Delms, 2b.* 0 12 5'Doyle, cf.S 1 1 1 0
Raymd, s.4 0 1,5 llHogan, c.2 11 4-1
Herr, p... 3 0 0 0 3 Knell, p. .3 0 0 1 3
Pabst doubled and Krug did likewise In
the ninth, saving the home team from a
complete blank. The score:
The second round produced a pair for
the Senators. Sheehan landed on the ball
for two sacks. Lynch allowed It to go
between his legs, so Sheehan took an
extra one. Doyle came through with an
other and It brought Sheehan in. Doyle
went to third on an out and Knell's long
fly and Zearfoss' error let him score.
The fourth was good for another two
for Fisher. Sheehan hit safely again and
Hogan accepted a pass. Knell lined one
to Pabst and the throw he made to sec
ond was late. This filled the bags and a
hit by Casey through the lnfleld brought
two over the pan. In the ninth a double
by Townsend, a pass to Eagan and Shee
han'a third wallop brought the last two
over.
Herr did not have anything and he was
a dream for the Senators If perchance
they needed runs. The plate was hard to
find. He could not locate It If he tried
for a month. They should have beaten
him worse, but they were indeed charit
able to let him down with six.
Sacramento played pretty good baseball
behind the veteran, while San Francisco
was much to the bad on fielding and in
running about the cushions. In one
inning th<? home team had a chance to
collect a few runs/' but Mr. Lynch made
a brilliant attempt to steal home on a
short fly to Eagan. He left ahead of the
ball at that, so the umpire promptly
called him out for It, and that chance
was cast aside.
The venerable Phil Knell is still In the
going. They can't stop him for a minute.
He had the home team completely under
the spell of his deliberate, southern de
livery yesterday afternoon at Recreation
Park and the best they got was a run and
five scattered hits. They did not make
that one till the ninth, when the old boy
eased up for Just a moment. Score, 6 to 1.
HAWTHORNE SELECTIONS.
By the Chlcaco Inter Ocean.
First race — Sir Launcelot, Don't
Ask Me, Nervator.
Second race — First Chip, Belle
Mahone, Lemco.
Third race — Don Domo, Orfeo,
Edward Hale.
Fourth race — Rian, Santemo,
Determination.
Fifth race — Haviland, Major
Tenny, Compass. •
Sixth race — Beau Ormonde, Dr.
Stephens, Harry New.
t F( ; Ur , 1^, £ ce - five furl(Mw r*. filing— Aggie
Lewis 10*?. Foresight 104. Sol Smith 101. Lorenr.
104. Santer.ro 101. Brookwoo<l Belle 101 Fox
Lake 101. Chockayotte 101. I>etermlnatlon »r»
M>Ton Dale 00. Oudon 90. Rlan 00. Hoceo 96.
Fifth race, one and three-sixteenth miles —
Miss Liza 10.1. O'Hapen OS. Hariland «8 Major
Tenny 08, Compass OS. Mr. Dingle 91.
Sixth race, one mile — Harry New 110 Beau
Ormonde 110. Dr. Stephens 110, St. .Tammany
107. Callant 107.
Second race, one mile, selling— First Chin
110. John Lemons 110. Orpheum 110. Ontonagon
l-\ S af X" ard 107 - Emlr 107 - !> m <-o lV
Nestoria 10.',. Prodigal Son 105. Mezro 104, Belle
Mahone 102. Roaewater 102, Dr Worth 10**
Third race, six furlongs, handicap — Calfant
10S. Orfeo 103. Don Domo 94, The Forum 90
Edward Hale 00. >v .
CHICAGO. Sept. 21.-Hawthorne entries:
»r£ w fS- e< T^ 8e T' n 'urJongs. maidens—Flor
t? * H J! 07 - Dont AFk Me 107. Penance 107
Merry Fl£ht 107. Lady Wmtworth 107? Marl
shalsea 107. Nervator 105. Reckless 105 John
Powers 1C5. The Meteor 105. Can Neil 10"
Chief Aloha 102. Rube 102. Sir Lancelot 102!
Schwarxwald 102
HAWTHOBNE ENTRIES.
- W. L. Pet. W. I* Pet
Los Angeles..B8 58 .629 Portland 67 81 .453
San Fran. ...87 76 .531 Oakland 73 86 .432
Sacramento.. .&.} 75 .528 Seattle 01 85 .427
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
Los Angeles — Oakland—
„ ¦ AB. R. H. P.A., AB. R. H. P.A.
g?y. ,<*• ¦• 3 112 0O'H,3b-cf6 2 2 3 0
2 11 2Deverx. s 6 13 3 3
Bmlth. 3b 5 0 0 2 2 Shwtz,2b 4 10 2 3
Bples lb. 2 0 0 14 0 Murdk,rf 6 18 2 0
Cravth.rf 4 0 13 0 Kruger.lf 6 0 2 2 0
Ross.lf .. 4 0 8 2 1 Mesrly.lb 2 2 0 10 2
Toman, s 4 0 1 1 . 4 Mkn.p-3b 4 2 3 12
»Hurlbrt.c 4 112 SiLohmn. c 4 1 0 3 1
|Gray. p.. 4 1 10 2'Lee. 3b-p 3 2 2 13
_ ± , — •Gortn.cf 2 110 0
Totals.34. 0 0 27 13 Whalen.p 0 0 0 0 0
„, w ' Totals. 41 13 16 27 14
•Batted for Le* in seventh inning.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Oakland ...16 0 0 4 1 1 0 0—13
Base hits 4 40 18 1 1 2 0—16
Los Angeles 00004000 1 6
Base hits 01016001 1 9
SUMMARY.
Stolen bases — Wheeler, Spies, Ross. Errors
— Schwartz. Cravath (2). Wheeler. Gray. Hits
—Oft. Lee. 6; on" Mosklman, 2; off Wbalen, 1.
«o«r-e run— Moskiman. Two-base hits— Gorton,
O Hara, Wheeler. First base on errors—Oak
land 2, Los Angeles 1. First base on balls — Oft
Gray, 1; off Mosklman. 2; off Lee, 3; oft Wha
len._ 2. Left on bases — Los Angeles 10. Oak
land 7. Sacrifice hits — Wheeler. Lohman.
Double plays— Devereaux to Messerly; Smith to
Wheeler to Spies. Struck out— By Moskiman.
2; by Whalen} 1. Hit by pitcher— Messerly.
Passed ball— Hurlburt. Wild pitches— Gray 2.
Time of game — One hour and' flfty-nve minutes.
Umpire — O'Connell. i
bay colt Highball by Ben Stroxne-
Strychlnla as the favorite In the winter
books.
Highball is pronounced the greatest
two-year-old of the year. His first per
formance of note was . when he won the
Grand Union Hotel stakes, worth $10,000,
at Saratoga. His next win, In the Plat
bush stakes, when he gave away weight
to the supposed best of the year, and
beat them easily, stamped him as the sea
son's champion. Since that he has main
tained his pride of place against all com
ers by winning the valuable Junior Cham
pion at Gravesend. He was bred at the
Dlxlana farm, Kentucky, by Major Car
son, and was purchased as a yearling by
W. M. Scheftel of the New York Stock
Exchange. He Is trained by Bud May,
who formerly raced horses In partnership
with his father, W. H. May.
Highball will not be started again this
year, but will be taken to the Memphis
track, where the horses In his stable will
be wintered. Next spring, If he Is ready,
he will be started In the East in whatever
events it appears he might win. Those
engagements which precede the American
Derby will be treated, as matters of minor
importance. His first real trial of next
year will be In. the big race at Chicago.
cal amateur pitcher,' was tried out in the ninth
and did. fairly well. Score: '
ALTHOUGH the next American
Derby will not be run until late
In June of 1904, the wiseacres are
already picking W- M. Scheftel's
His Slow Ones Baffle
the Natives All
the Time.
FIFTH RACE — Five and a half furlongs
purse:
Betting. Horse. "Weight. 'Jocltey. St. V Fin
0 to 2— W of . Ivy, 105 (Scully)... 3 4 1 1U
13 to 0— F Bergeres, 105 (Sheehan) 5 1 2 1
,3 to 2 — Mag Nolln, 110 (Austin).. 2 3 3 2
Time, l:WVi. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. W. 8. Price's b. f. by Henry Toung-Laurel
Wreath. Lady Fre« Knight 105, Atlas 105
Overland 105, Sweet Myrtle 100, also ran. '
FOURTH RACE— One mile and serentv
yards: Boulevard Handicap:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin
8 to 6— Evea G, 07 (Shea) 1 ± j 3
4 to 1 — M Beau cat re, 107 (Otis).. 4 3 2 XV,
8 to I — Pourquol Pas, 90 (Gilmor) 2 2 3 4
Time. 1:45%. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, Mrs. J. Coffey's ch. .f. by Juvenal-Suter
Geneva. Jordan 107, Helen Print 07, Lady
Strathmoro 107, also ran.
miEsl^mnirf 01 *- 011 ' and th — <*teenth
Bet.ting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. K Tin
9 to S— The Bobby, 100 (Fayers). 3 3 1 o
12 to 5— Dr. Hart. 104 (Ho well)... 1 2 21
3 to 1— Kunja, 106 (Otis) 2 1 3 15
time. 2.03»i. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, J. J. Ogle's ch. g by Inspector B-Pansy
BlDssom; Memphlan 106, .Donaml 08. also ran.
SECOND RACE— One mile; selling-
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey, ft. % Ffn
12 to 5— Nearest. 108 (Sheehan) . . . l ? V?* "
4 to 1— Ma.cBeth. 103 (Shea) 3 1 2n
7 to 2— Silurian. 108 (Blrkenruth) 2 3 3 2
Time. 1:42 :%. Start good. Won easily. Win.
ner. J. K. Hughes' b. m. by Knight of Ellers
le-Dearcst. Ryenale 89, Leech 80, Jessie Mil.
ler 86, also ran. .
ST. LOUIS, Sept. 24.-The Boulevara
handicap, ? the feature event at Delmar
Park to-day, proved to be easy for Evea
O. Th© California mare was an 8 to 5
favorite. She sot a flying start and was
never In trouble, winning: as her rider
pleased. The weather was clear, the track
fast and the attendance good. Summary-
FIRST RACE— Six furlong: selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St % Kin
*S 1° J~? ne Monf ' 1M (Blrkenrh) 1 7 i S*
8 to 1— Miss Guldo. 90 (Shea)... 7 8 21
30 to 1— Tros. 104 (Miller) 6 fl at
Time. 1:18%. Start good. Won driving
Temptress 102. True Blue 110. Tenny Belle TO
O^wX^lor-aifo^ran 00^ S ™« D^
Special Dispatch to The Call.
California Mare Easily
Takes Handicap at
Delmar.
OLD PHIL KNELL
IN THE RUNNING
FLYING START
HELPS EVEA G
SIXTH RACE — One mile and seventy yards
purse: '
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin
% 1° 2~~ £ ady Joc «iyn. oi (Phinips) 3 i ie'
7 to 0 — u ainamolnen. 107 (Wdrly) 1 2 2 "«
wTnnVr'. {T t .
FIFTH RACE — Seven furlongs ; purse:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin
5 to 1— Delagoa, 102 (Wilson) 5 .r 1 2
2 to 1-Toah. 102 (Adklna) 3 4 22
2 to 1— McGee. 101 rBurhanan) 2 1 3 U
Time, 1:26 2-5. Start Rood. Won easily,
dinner, S. C. Hlldreth 1 * b. f. by Kln«ton-
Rhodesia. Linguist 09. Warte Nlcht 92. Ta?pa
105. Badger Girl 76. Schwalbe 102. also ran.
FOLRTH RACE— One mile; selling:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. K Fin.
4 to 5— Alfred C. 110 (H. Phillips) 3 1 1 1U
B to 1— Bard of Avon. 104 (Wilson) 2 2 2 4
12 to 1 — Leenja, 103 (Bridewell). . .10 6 3 H
Time. 1:414-5. Start poor. Won easily.
Winner. J. Maloney's ch. *. by Golden Garter
,«V sl w Dodle s 1CS > Antolee 100, Sea Pirate
104. Marlneuse 100. Pat Morrissey 109, Old Mike
100, Eraathion 109, also ran
THIRD RACE— One and an eighth miles;
handicap:
Bettlnp. Horse, Weight, Jockey. 8t. % Fin. '
9 to .%— By Ways, 07 (Wilson) 4 3 In
!> to ." — Hariris, 111 (Retft) 3 4 ! 2'i
20 to 1 — Dutch Carter. 83 (Phllps). 1 13 3
Time. 1:M. Start bad. Won handily. Win
ner. S. C. Hildreth's b. f. by Kingston-Belle of
Maywood. Louisville »5, Birchbroom 97. also
ran.
SECOND RACE — Six furlongF; selling:
Betting. Ilorse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
li to o — Stemwindor. 03 (Wilson).. 3 1 1 V a
M .l to 2— Bay Wonder. 95 (Fprrell). 4 3 2ii
j to 2— Rag Tag. 104 (Matthews). 2 4 3 3
Time, 1:13. F tart poor. Won handily. AVin
ner. p. T. Woods 1 ch. c. by Commercial Trav
eler-Dora Woods. Bensonhurst 93. Floral
Wreath 05. also ran.
CHICAGO. Sept. 24.— Weight and a
weak ride beat Hargis out of the handi
cap at Hawthorne to-day and the $600
purse went to S. C. Hlldreth's By Ways.
By Ways and Hargis closed equal favor
ites at 9 to S. the latter backed from 2 to
1. Down the backstretch Wilson moved
up with By Ways and, turning Into the
stretch, she led Dutch Carter by a
length. Hargis skinned the rail at thi3
point and saved much ground. ReJff tried
to go through on the inside, but could
not make It and was thus forced to pull
up and take the outside. This lost him
considerable ground and his. weight. 111
pounds, prevented him getting up, al
though he was beaten only a neck.
The track was about as good as it will
get this season and the mile and an
eighth was run In 1:53, one of the fastest
races of the meeting.
The weather was clear and cool; the at
tendance good. Jockey Wilson's clever
riding was clearly the feature of the a7
ternoon. Summary:
FIRST RACK — Five furlongs; purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
II to r> — Cognomen. 109 (Wilson)... 2 1 1 ij
15 to 1 — Alma Dufour, 102 (Philpe) 5 5 2 2Y>
14 to r — Casclne, 105 (Wonderly). . 1 3 3h
Time, 1 :01 2-5. Start poor. Won easily
Winner. S. C. Hlldreth's ch. t. by Knight of
the Thiflle-Onorna. Testimony 102, Formaster
105. Mayor Dnvici S. Rcse 105, Tokalon 102,
Katie lowers 102, also ran.
Special Dlepatch to The Call.
Tirst race — Ingold, Olympian,
luz Casta.
Second race — High Chancellor,
Harding, Sir Voorhies.
Third race — Juvenal Maxim,
Thistle Heather, Tomcod.
Fourth race — Hermis, Mabel
Bichardson, Lord Badge.
Fifth race — Burdette, Gamestress,
Gay Lizzette.
Sixth race — Mclffeekin, High-
Jander, Conundrum.
GRAVESEND SELECTIONS.
By the New York Telegraph.
Sixth race one and a sixteenth miles, sell
ing—Meistersinger 106, Man-o-War 101. High
lander 100, St. Sever 103, Ethics 106, Conun
drum 104. Boutonniere 84, Courtm».id S3, Our
Nugget 81 Mollie Peyton 103 Lenarka 00,
Esherla 106. Cavalr 114. Lady Potentate 103.
Royal Pirate 82. McMeekin 106.
Fifth race, five and a half furlongs, maiden
txvo-jvar-oldg — Monsoon 112. Missing Llr.lc 112
Ruth Parrlrh 112. Oradell 112. Billy Roche 112,
Oanonogue 112. Sir Carter 112. Fine Art 112.
Rob Roy 112. Burdette 112. Hydrangea 112.
Merry Momenta 112. Gay LJzzette 112. Game
mtrcra 109. Wistaria 112. Blythenesa 112.
Fourth race, one and a. sixteenth miles, han
dicap — Hermls 134. Bonnibert 113. Sir Voor
hies 309. Carbuncla 109. Leader ' 104. Mabel
Ttlchardson 95. Lord Badge 02, April Shower
8S. Colonsay f*6.
Third race, five and a half furlonga. selling,
Algeria, two-year-olds — Letoia 104, Reveille
87. nob Murphy 92. Hello 104. Dick Turpin
lfO. Tomcod 02. Bath Beach 102. Mordella 104.
Flammula 104. Juvenal Maxim 1C2 Thistle
Hrathcr 90. ' .
XEW YORK. Sept. C4.— Gravesend entries:
First race, about six furlongs, handicap —
Toung IiVnry V2C. Lux Casta 120. Mamie
Worth I1R. Olympian 116 Infold 113 Paris-
I'fiM llf>. Ahurr.ada 109, Stroller 106 " Damon
105. Demurrer 103. Gold Saint 102. 'Lass o'
Llndrn no. Squid 88, Caterpillar 66.
Second race, ore and a sixteenth miles,
three-year-olds and upward — Monograph 111
Harding 10«. Wyefleld tt). Carbuncle 115 High
Chancellor 102. Sir Voorhie* 109.
GRAVESEND ENTRIES.
SIXTH RACE — One and an eirhth miles;
handicap; all aces:
IVttinp. Hcrw, Weight, Jockey. Bt. «i Fin
J'{ to 5 — M_ Daingrfleld. 124 (Odm) 2 111
B to 1— Himself. 07 (Redfern) 3 2 2 h
£ «o I— Lord Badge. HI (DeSouza) 0 4 3 %
Time. J:M 1-5. Start fair. Won driving.
Winner. W. B. Le*d> blk. c by Handsprfng-
Mnndroit. TirtsiLaa 98. Moharib RS Bonnlbert
110. Gl^nwater 105 also ran.
FIFTH RACE—A bout six furlongs; three
year-olfis and upward: selling:
I^tUmr. Horse Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin
7 to 2 — Ascension. 10S (Hicks)... 6 4 13*
]O to l — Y*. Henry. 113 <Tt*-dfern) 8 2 2 2
0 to 2 — Irene Llndsey. 113 (O'Neil) 1 1 3 U
Time. 1:10 1-5. Start good. Won ridden
out. Winner. C. Oxx"s b. f. by Een Etrome-
Adora. Fweet Alice 99, Partslenne 105, Kin*
Pepper 10S, Namtor 107, Worry 98 also ran
FOURTH RACR-One and a sixteenth miles:
Ocoan A iexr handicap for three-year-olds and
upward:
Hf-ttlr.K. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin
10 to 1— Rostand. 102 < Michael*). 6 4 1 h
2H to 1— River Pirate, 110 (Hicks), f. 8 2 2
10 to 1— ?. Moments. 105 (Gannon) 3 1 3 h
Timi\ 1:4'; 4-5. Start poor. Won driving.
« Inner. Hampton Stable's b c ty Russell-
Oal-np. II. Payne 106. Charles Blwood 117.
Tb«- I'i-ket 320. Illyria 95, Daisy Green 97
I>uke of Kendall 110. Shot Gun 126. Esherin
88, Stamping Ground 113, also ran.
THini> RACE- Five and a half furlongs
two-year-o!d fillies; selling:
IMtir.s. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.'
IS to 1— Incju-s. Girl, 101 (Bolesea) 8 5 1%
10 to 1— Sliver Dream, 102 (Mlchls) 4 4 2 4
S to 1— M. Tt-.eo, 10.-. (Burn*) 3 3 3 2
Time. l:0S 1-5. Start fair. Won driving.
Vv inner. P. Farefe blk. f. br Watsrcress-ln
qulsltivo II. Bturrpj- •>!>. Uda Ueb 107. WIs
t.aria »'3. Seacate »4, Pirouette 99, Short Cake
04. Ancestor 103. S'.lrx 1CS, Sonoma Belle 109,
Gananopue 100, also ran i
FECOXD I1ACE— One and a sixteenth miles;
rr.aJden t!!r*e-year-o!di« and upward:
Betting-. Horie. Wtipht. Jockey. St. «i Fin.
* to .'» — Pap'-t, ir.t <r*uller) 4 2 1 h
JO to 1— Erl*. 107 (O'Neil) 5 1 ,-* «,
9 to 1— Medal. 108 (Hicks) l 0 3 8
Time. l:iS 3-0. Start fair. Won driving.
« Inner, G. Goldrick's b. %. by Meddler-Lizzie
Montrose. Boiina 107, Albany Girl 107 Lan
tirha lt». Join 107, Phaca. 110, Xuit Blanche
107. Queen Elizabeth 107, King Carter 110
Bi^k Vp K'7. ItathbriiJe 1 07, Sir Trcubadcur
110. Gallant Smith 110. elfo ran.
One of the principal winners on In
quisitive Girl was "Plttsburg Phil." It
is estimated that he won something like
$30,000 on the filly. "Phil" also won heav
ily en Rcstand in the fifth race. Sum
mary :
FIRST RACE— Five and a. hajf furlongs;
two-vtar-oHs; handicap:
IVtUng. Hor», Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin
5 to 1— Monastic. 110 (Bullman). 2 1 13*
11 to r>— Kunny Side, 110 (Rtdfern) 4 4 2 h
_j to 1— Pol Roper. 92 (II. Callahn) 5 2 3 h
Time. 1 :07 4-5. Start fa:r. Won easily.
V. inner. J. W. Schorrs br. c. bv Handsome-
Adrfa. Topic 100. Panique 1CS. Champlaln 165
i-ais 112, T,m 1'aya.. lOt!, Col!c<Mor Joesud 114
fainonetta 114, also ran.
Inquisitive Girl, backed from 20 to 1
down to 13 to 1, outran a dozen competi
tors In the third race, but was forced to
do her best to defeat "Jule" Garson's
Silver Dream.
GRAVESEND, N. Y. t Sept. 24.— Race
goers had an enjoyable afternoon at the
Gravesend course to-day and reveled In
typical autuir.n atmosphere. The most
important race of the day was the Ocean
View handicap for 3-year-olds, which af
forded the usual puzzle to speculators.
The lop weights were The Picket and
Shotgun, each In at 126 pounds. There
were ten other starters. The two heavy
weights were first and second choices,
but Charles Elwocd. Payne, Rostand and
Stolen Moments were ail supported.
Major DaJngerVield carried top weight,
12* pounds, in the r.Ine-furlong handicap
and won, but the race was not fast.
Freda! Dispatch to The Call.
Jcckey Wilson's Clever Sad
dle Work a Feature of
the Afternoon.
"Pitteburg Phil's" Plungers
Again Sadden Gravesend
Bookmakers.
Top- Weight in a Haw
thorne Handicap Is
Weakly Ridden.
The Picket and Shotgun
Finish Back in the
Ruck.
HARGIS IS LED
OUT BY BY WAYS
ROSTAND TA KES
THE OCEAN VIEW
THE SAN FBANCJSCO CALL, FRlDA"t, SEPTEMBER 25. 1903,
SPORTS OF THE TURF, THE RING AND THE DIAMOND
Has No Peer Among the Younger Division oLThoroughbreds an d
Is Already Selected as the Favorite in the Winter Betting on
Next Year's American Derby to Be Run at*Chicago in June
HIGHBALL IS PLACED FIRST
AMONG THE TWO-YEAR-OLDS
10
( ; *J)VEETISEJIElfTS.
'OAKLAND SOCIETY GIRL WHO
BECAME A- BRIDE LAST EVEN
ING, AND HER ATTENDANTS.
The foreign trade of Holland is more
than half as great as that of the United
BtatesiV^-'j
Thomas P. Ryan, eon of Mrs. Catherine
Ryan, an alleged Incompetent, filed a pe
tition yesterday to be appointed guardian
of her person and estate. He says "that
this action is necessary because of the
influence over Mrs. Ryan possessed by a
Mrs. Eugene Avey, a neighbor. Mrs.
Ryan owns considerable property In the
Richmond district.
Pears Influence of Mrs. Avey.
General MacArthur has ordered the
Tenth Infantry, which has Just returned
from the Philippines, to take a week's
practice at target shooting on the Benlcla
ranges, beginning October 1. The Depot
of Recruit Instruction at the Presidio has
deen abolished and the station has been
fiven the name of the Infantry Canton
«*nt.
Issues New Orders.
John Brynteson, one of the owners of
property on Anvil Creek, near Nome,
Alaska, which is the subject of a suit now
on trial before Judge Graham, testified
yesterday that he paid Thomas Duffy,
who claims to own a share of the prop
erty, $20,000 for his Interest. The trans
action, he said, occurred August 15, 1901,
in the office of Attorney Me tson at Nome.
Says He Paid Duffy $20,000.
Late Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
t . Thursday, September. 24.
Btmr Gipsy, Leland, 25 hours from Monte
rey and way ports.
Bchr Bessie K. Merriam, 29 hours from Ban
Vicente Landing.
•>w BAILED.
Thursday, September 24.
Btmr South Coast. Olsen, Caspar.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT TOWNSEND— Sailed Sept 24— Br ship
Bermuda, from Port Ludlow, for Port Plrie. ¦
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived ¦ Sept 24— Qer
•hip Alice, from Port Hadlock.
Berlin (Germany) local trains now have
special compartments for "passengers
with dogs."
: C. J. Smith, who with William Peters
conducts a dry goods store under the firm
name of William Peters & Co., filed a suit
for a dissolution of the | partnership yes
terday. He claims that his rights as a
partner are being usurped by Peters and
that the latter has taken complete posses
sion of their stock and refuses to account
for such of It as has been sold.
Partners Are at Outs.
OAKLAND. Sept. 21.— The following
maxriafe licenses were Issued by the
County Clerk to-day: John Ghigllone,
aged 22 years, and Mary Delucchl, 19,
both of Oakland; Louis Delucchl, 24, and
Rose Lavagetti, IS, both of Oakland; Wil
liam J. liosewarne, 23, and Effie Sllva,
24, both cf Oakland: Henry D. Stirm, over
21, and Naomi R. Smith, over 18, both of
San Francisco; Xavier de Pichow, • 25,
Lower California, and Marguerite VIvier,
17, Alameda: Robert Scott, 22, and Dor
othy M. Brown, 19, both of Oakland.
Marriage Licenses.
An investigation has been made by De
tectives Freel and Armstrong of the cir
cumstances surrounding the Injuries re
ceived by H. Holmes of 1661 Octavia
street, who was found In an unconscious
condition in Derby place, a small street
off Mason street, between Geary and
Post, at an early hour yesterday morn
ing. The officers a*ertalned that Holmes
was found by L. Lindon of 413 Mason
street in a semi-conscious condition and
conveyed to the Central Emergency Hos
pital in the ambulance, where an exami
nation by the surgeons developed the fact
that he was suffering from a fractured
skull. From blood stains on the side of
the building alongside of which Holmes
was found, it is supposed that while In
toxicated he fell and struck his head, sus
taining the injury that may prove fatal.
According to the police Holmes often
went on periodical sprees, and the fact
that his watch and 40 cents were ' found
in his pockets dispels the theory at first
entertained that he was the victim of foul
play.
Injuries Result of Accident.
OAKLAND, Sept. 24.— The second: at
tempt on the part of attorneys -to -gain
the release of W. D. Byrd on a writ of
habeas corpus to-day failed. The writ
was denied by Judge Ellsworth and the
prisoner remanded Into the charge of the
police, a complaint having been filed here
by the District Attorney. He is wanted
in San Antonio, Tex., for an alleged as
sault on a girl and a Deputy Sheriff is
now on his way here with extradition
papers for him.
Byrd la Held.
TULARE, Sept. 24.— Five hundred thou
sand dollars to go up in smoke October 1.
That is a tale v soon to-be told. One
dozen years ago the Tulare Irrigation
District issued a half million dollars'
worth of bonds to construct ditches and
buy water rights. Unfortunately a. year
after the district works were completed
the panic year of 1893 came and the peo
ple defaulted on the payment- of the in
terest on their Immense bonded Indebt
edness. Litigation was resorted to ; and
the matter has been tied up In the courts
ever since, and likewise Tulare prosperity
was tied up with that litigation.
A -little more than' six months ago a
movement waB started to compromise the
bonded indebtedness if possible. The al
most Incredible undertaking of only .1200
taxpayers, wiping out a, debt of over
$500,000 on a cash basis was started and
by October 1 will be an accomplished fact.
To-nlght a mass meeting of citizens was
held, at which $10,000 was subscribed I to
buy in .property on which taxes levied
were not paid. . . This subscription '. makes
the settlement an assured fact. The bonds
will be burned. and by the blaze will, be
seen -a future of plenty and prosperity
forxTulare
Special Dispatch to The Call.*
CHICAGO. Sept. 24.— The Coroner's jury
this afternoon in the case of Harriet Eliz
abeth Weber and Inocentl Talamlnl, who
were found dead at Fifty-fourth and Lex
ington avenues, returned a verdict to tho
effect that the woman was killed by
Talamini, who then committed suicide.
Evidence was submitted that they had
been drinking together for the greater
part of the night, and several of the
friends of the girl testified that she had
told them that she was afraid of Tala
mlnl, who threatened to shoot her.
Find no Evidence of Murder.
Tulare ; People ' Settle
Irrigation District •'¦'
r Affair.
W\ F. Costello. defendant in the suit
ever the life insurance policies for $14,000
en the life of the late George E. Baron
of the wealthy Baron family, brought by
Mary F. Baron, sister-in-law of the de
ceased and administratrix of his estate,
ftled an answer to the suit yesterday. He
denies that Mrs. Baron has any interest
in the policies, which were assigned to
him by Baron In recognition of his ser
vices. He says further that the suit is
the result of the efforts of Dr. Cornelius
P. Buckley to harass and annoy him
because of his refusal to accept his sug
gestions as to the disposal cf the money
Ehortly after the death of Baron.
The answer Is a revival cf a bitter bat
tle that was commenced two years ago
apainst Costello. At that time he claimed
that Buckley compelled the administra
trix of the Baron estate to have him
haled into court because he refused to
pay $4009 to e certain Mrs. Jacks, a
friend of the deceased. In the document
fl!ed yesterday Costello says that Dr.
Buckley even refused to sign a death cer
tificate Ehowlng the cause of Baron's
death and which would enable him to col
lect the amount due on the policies be
cause of the refusal to pay Mrs. Jacks
the amount of one of the policies. C03
ttllo also claims that Dr. Buckley pre-
F( nted a fraudulent claim for $1735 against
the Baroij estate.
Says Physician Is Guilty of an At
tempt to Harass and Annoy
Him.
COSTELLO CLAIMS BUCKLEY
IS THE CAUSE OF SUIT
At a meeting of the Police Commission
ers last evening Patrolman Edgar C.
Marsh received a reprimand for visiting
a restaurant while he should have been
on duty at Bacon place.
Patrolman James Dennan was found
guilty of disorderly conduct In a Seventh
etreet lodging-house with his former wife.
Commissioners Drinkhouse and Howell
voted for a 5100 fine and Commissioner
Hutton for dismissal from the force. Ow
ing to the fact that they could not reach
a unanimous opinion regarding the pun
ishment the case went over for one week.
Antonio GoettI was appointed a patrol
man from the civil service eligible list.
Mrs. Ida Pickett. Miss Elpanor Leary and
Miss Selina Holden -were appointed as
telephone operators for the Police De
partment exchange, as provided by an
ordinance of the Board of Supervisors, at
a monthly salary of $50. \
John Kingston, proprietor of a saloon
at 440^ Sixth street, was before the board
on a citation to revoke his license. On
September 9 Sergeant Wolfe and posse
raided the establishment and found a crap
game in progress. Attorney Taylor, on
behalf of Kingston, made a plea for clem
ency and the commission will allow him
to file another application for a license
next week.
Police Commissioners Meet.
D S. Rosenbaum, a banker of Stockton,
and his family are visiting the gity and
are registered at the Palace.
S. R. Boulton of Copped Hall. England,
who Is making a tour of the world, Is at
the Palace, having arrived from the East
last evening.
J. Ross Clark, brother of Senator Clark
and vice-president of the San Pedro and
Salt Lake Railroad, and wife, arrived
from the south yesterday and are at the
Palace.
Judge E. M. Ross of Los Angeles re
turned yesterday from Seattle, where he
has been holding court.
Oliver Morosco arrived from Los An
geles yesterday and Is registered at the
California. '
T. G. Evans, manager of a big glass
manufactory of Pittsburg, is at the
Grand.
Hervey Llndley, the well known lumber
man of Klamathon, is registered at the
Palace.
Dr. N. S. Mercer of Omaha Is at the
Grand. •
T. J. Field, a banker of Monterey, is at
the Palace.
Rev. W. D. Barber of Victoria Is at the
Occidental.
Dr. Thomas J. Orbison of Philadelphia
is at the Palace.
D. F. Riordan, a mining man of Sonora,
Is at the Lick.
Dr. 'W. S. Taylor of Livermore is stay
ing at the Palace.
Dr. and Mrs. Irving E. Strong of New
York are at the Grand.
W. H. Holablrd, a capitalist of Los An
geles, is at the Palace.
Fred Swanton, a capitalist of Santa
Cruz, is a guest at the Palace.
A. J- Fairbanks, proprietor of the new
hotel at Willits, Is at the Lick.
W. P. Mayo, a merchant of Eureka, Is
among the latest arrivals at the Califor
nia.
Mr. and Mrs. George U. Piper, well
known residents of Seattle, are at the
Palace.
BONDS WILL BE
FUEL FOR FIRE
The piles In question off the western end of
the estuary, were without question driven by
the Southern Pacific Railroad Company. Noth
ing an yet has been done by me In the matter.
If It Is found on lnvestiaation that the rail
road has designs on any of the tide lands,
thus Jeopardizing any of the city of Oakland's
Interests, I will Immediately take action.
In my oolnion. the tide lands belong to the
State and should I find that the State is be
ing robbed I will immediately notify the-Gov
ernor.
When seen at his office to-day In re
gard to the alleged proposed scheme of
the Southern Pacific to grab a large por
tion of tho Oakland water front, Mayor
Olney made the following statement:
Mayor "Warren Olney takes Issue with
the officers of the American Dredging
Company, which has the contract for
deepening the Oakland Estuary, when
they fctate that the line of piles driven
in the tay north of the retaining wall of
the estuary was driven by them In order
to kt.ep the dredged material from being
washed again into the waterway by the
tides.
. Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Sept. 24.
PERSONAL MENTION.
As a token of their willingness to have
the students assist in the administration
of their own affairs, the faculty men ex
tended an invitation to the men of the
senior class to- attend all future meetings
of the committee on student affairs when
matters that concern the undergraduate
body are being discussed: A second con
cession was the granting of the use of
the college rooms to" the undergraduates
without a deposit of 125, as heretofore de
manded.
These steps are considered • the most
practical that have yet been taken in the
matter of student self-government and
upon the success of the present plan will
depend its future extension. , . ¦ ¦.
- - . •'»
The decisions reached are destined to
have a very wide Influence upon under
graduate affairs, as they mark the begin
ning of the first attempt to Introduce
"senior control" as an active factor in
university administration. The following
Beniors were present at the conference:
Max Thelen, president of the student
body;. A. L. Price, editor of the Occident;
P. M. Carey, president of the senior class;
J. E. Roadhouse, director of senior sing
ing; Carl Parker, editor of the University
Magazine; W. C. Crittenden, president of
the junior class; William Andrews, presi
dent of the sophomore class, and Earle
Booth, president of the freshmen class.
The conference, which lasted for several
hours, was held in the faculty clubhouse
on the campus.
The first tangible attempt to Inaugurate
a system of government at the University
of California for handling such student
misdemeanors as are incident to all aca
demic communities, has been launched as
the result of a long conference had last
night between the members of the stu
dents' affairs committee and a number of
the leaders in the different lines of col
lege activity In the Benior class.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, Sept 24.
Mayor Olney Says That
Railroad Drove
Piles.
Important Changes in
System Are Made by
Faculty.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1113 Broadway, Sept. U.
The crack of a firearm and the whistle
of a bullet close to his head caused Jo
seph Lewis, a farmer living on Hay-ward
avenue, near Maud, In San Leandro. to
bend low over the dashboard of his wagon,
and lash his horse into a run to get
away from the dangerous locality as
quickly as possible.
Lewis was driving to Oakland at 3
o'clock this morning with a load of fruit
and vegetables, and was passing Stokes'
ranch, near the Junction of Dutton and
Hayward avenues, when the shot was
fired. The bullet passed close to his head
and fearing that a second and more ac
curate shot might follow he started his
horse on a run and soon came up with
two other farmers, who had heard the
shot and stopped to see what was wrong.
They asked Lewis if he was hurt, and
receiving a negative answer drove on to
Oakland. Lewis also came into town,
where he told some of his friends of the
attempt on his life.
Victor Braga; who lives near the scene,
was Just hitching up his team when he
heard the shot. He rushed out and mado
a search of the field In which the man
must have stood when he fired, but failed
to find any one.
Regarding the shooting Mr. Lewis says:
I left the ranch this mornln* about 2:43
and was Just passing Stoke*' place when I saw
the flash and heard the bullet whistle past
my ear. I don't think it missed me a foot,
and I thousht the next ono might reach the
mark, so I ducked my head and whlDped th*
horse into a run.
I have no Idea who could have fired at me.
as I don't think I have made an enemy that
would try to kill me in all the twenty-eight
years I have lived In this county. I think It
roust have been some crank or drunken man.
but why he should have picked me for a mark
I don"t know.
I am going Into town to-morrow morning,
however, and I shall take a rifle with me, and
if the same fellow tries It again he will b*
liable to get a warm return If I caa locate
the flash of hla run.
SENIOR CONTROL
IS INAUGURATED
TAKES ISSUE
WITH DREDGERS
Other resolutions adopted were favoring
a classISed enumeration of farms' and
farm products every five years; recom
mending that each State pay the ex
penses of delegates to the congress; fa
voring the adoption of the referendum,
the election of United States Senators by
direct vote and the sending of a set of
five delegates to the coming meeting of
the National Civic Federation at Chicago.
An anti-trust resolution was also put
through after much deliberation. The res
olution is mild, calling for stricter legis
lation against combinations known as
trusts and the enforcement of existing
laws ajrair.st them.
A resolution favoring reciprocity with
1 "a.nada was finally killed, and the ques
• on of a ship subsidy found new support
ra In the congress this session.
NIAGARA FALLS. N. Y.. Sept. 24.— The
Farmers' National Congress closed Its an
nual meeting here to-day. The farmers
will not urge much specific national leg
islation this year, contenting themselves
with generalities. A set of resolutions fa
voring the extension of rural free deliv
ery and the parcels post system, a postal
telegraph system and postal savings
banks was adopted. The admission of
Oklahoma as a State is favored by the
congress.
Will Not Urge Much
Specific National
Legislation.
San Leandro Rancher
Is Shot at Prom the
Roadside.
Second — That we heartily disapprove of the
action of the Alameda Board of Trade, so
called, and others. In instituting an Injunc
tion suit for the purpose of hampering our said
City Trustees and causing them to postpone
the performance of what they considered Just
and proper duties In the matter of said fran
chises, all of which delayed action which we
believe to be' detrimental to our interests as
business men.
Third — Believing that many of our fellow
cltlrens have been led to suppose that we have
been implicated in the bringing of the Bald
injunction suit we hereby affix our names
to these resolutions, thereby showing our en
tire disapproval of said action.
J. V. Vosberg spoke along- the same line.
H. Rosenthal, president of the Board of
Trade, defended his organization. By a
vote of 13 to 10. only merchants and
tradesmen balloting, the following resolu
tions were adopted.
Resolved. First, that we. merchants and
tradesmen in the city of Alameda, consider
that In our Judgment the existing Board of
Trustees of the city of Alameda, who were
duly elected. by the votes of every citizen to
act for them In all important matters coming
before them are entitled to our continued con
fidence and respect and that wo hereby ex
press our faith In their ability and integrity
to conserve the best interests and welfare of
this community In the matter of granting suit
able franchises to railroad companies over
certain streets of our city.
ALAMEDA, Sept. 24.— A mass meeting
of Park street business men not in sym
pathy with recent "tar and feathers" ut
terances before the Board of Trade,
touching the^ City Trustees" stand on the
Southern Pacific Company franchise con
troversy, was held to-night at Eureka
Hall. J. E. Baker, president of the Bank
of Alameda opened the meeting. H. S.
Bramman served as chairman and A. V.
Sykes as secretary. President Baker said
the purpose of the gathering was to set
the merchants right with the public! He
added: "The Park street business men
are suffering because of this agitation,
and we desire It to be known that there
are very few who sympathize with the
Board of Trade's' action in mandamuslng
the Board of City Trustees to force them
to submit this franchise matter to a refer
endum vote."
Jamea H. Otey, Nils E. HIckox. Arthur
Smith. Frank Flemmlng. Julius H. Roosl Wil
liam B. Hubbard. W. H. Kearney, Eugene
Murray, William E. Haynes, L. B. Tale. Aus
tin R. Ellis, M. B. Rice. E. C. Bush. Eugen-
Estes, XV. B. Barber, Richmond 8. Shasteen,
John Gllmore. M. B. Hacarra and Q. E. French.
In explanation of the move Constable
Weidler said to-day:
"It is a matter of common knowledge
that the telephone company's property
has been destroyed, that there has been a
serious impairment of public service be
cause of the cutting of wires and cables,
that even the police telegraph and the
fire alarm lines have been interrupted. On
proper showing the application of the
company for appointment of these men
has been granted. They will be us^d to
protect the company's property, and no
matter what might be the grievances of
any one, the company has the right to de
mand that protection, and as a peace uffl
cer I am here to give it to them."
To this end twenty-one employes of the
company, nearly all of whom have been
taken on since the linemen's strike was
Inaugurated, were to-dav sworn In as
deputy constables and were given com
missions by Constable Edward Weidler.
The men who were appointed are as fol
lows : . ,
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1113 Broadway, Sept. 24.
Because of the continued tampering
with its lines in the east side cltie3 the
Sunset Telephone Company has taken
steps to protect not only its property from
the destructive and malicious depreda
tions of the past two months, but to give
ample protection as well to its employes,
who are working against odds to maintain
the lines and service for the public con
venience.
After the honeymoon Mr. and Mrs. Bur
rell will reside on Vernon Heights in the
artistic little cottage fitted up as a wed
ding gift by the groom's father.
The lavish manner in, which gifts have
been showered upon these young, people
Is testimony of the unusual popularity
tfcey enjoy. Their future residence will
no doubt be the scene of many delightful
gatherings.
At the supper following the marriage of
the happy couple a pleasing surprise was
sprung in the announcement of the en
gagement of James Kenna, a brother of
the bride, to Miss Blanche Morse, the
grand-daughter of Captain Morse of tho
San Francisco detective agency. Both
young people are well known in Oakland
society and Mr. Kenna is one of the clever
young business men in San Francisco ln-
Burance circles.
The groom was attended by his brother,
Ray Burrell. The ribbon-bearers were
Walter Bakewell, Will Orrick. Traynor
Bell, George Davis, Carl Jones, Ambrose
Cowden. James Kenna and Jack Hoffman.
An elaborate supper was served, the
bride and her party being seated at an
immense round table in the north parlor.
Some very handsome gowns were notice
able in the assemblage, the mothers of
the happy couple being elegantly attired—
Mrs. Kenna in black, heavily spangled
ret over black silk, and Mrs. Burrell in a
beautiful gray crepe de chine. Mrs.
George Hammer, a sister of the bride,
wore a white gown of Brussels net over
white silk, the yoke and bertha being a
rare pattern of rose point lace. Miss
Grace Burrell wore a pretty green and
white silk.
Among -the guests were Mrs. Kenna's
mother and sisters, Mrs. R. Murray, Mrs.
Fred Will and Miss Murray of San Fran
cisco.
Miss Florence Burrell, the groom's
youngest sister, was bridesmaid, and was
gowned in pain green organdie. Her gown
was made with a triple skirt, the orna
mentation being a Grecian border ap
pllqued with ' green ribbon. She carried
white chrysanthemums.
The bride, always an attractive girl,
never looked prettier than she did to
night in her white gown and filmy veil,
which fell softly about her face.- Her
gown was of mousseline de sole over silk,
with a quaint girdle effect In •white satin
ribbon held together with "faggot" stitch
ing. A bertha of rare old lace, which, by
the way, was an heirloom, outlined the
transparent yoke. A great bouquet of
Bride roses and maidenhair fern com
pleted the dainty costume.
Miss Ada Kenna attended her sister as
maid of honor, and was attired in white
point d'esprit over white silk, the trim-,
mlng consisting of an elaborate arrange
ment of white satin ribbon. She carried
white chrysanthemums.
families are known throughout
the State, the bride being a daughter of
P. J. Kenna and a niece of the Rev. Rob
ert Kenna, S. J., president of the Jesuit
College at Santa Clara. The groom is the
youngest son of A. W. Burrell, one of the
most prominent constructors on this
coast. Both families are old and highly
esteemed residents of Oakland and have
hosts of friends, so the marriage of the
young people this evening caused more"
than a ripple of interest on the surface
of social affairs'.
Tho weeding,, which took place at the
Kenna hdme; •• on Thirteenth avenue, was
an unusually pretty affair. Outside of the
relatives the guests Included only the
young "folks who have grown up with the
bride and groom, about 150 being present
at the ceremony.. ' . , :
At one end of the large drawing-room
a double dais had been erected, on the
higher rise being an altar covered with
graceful ferns and glittering with the
light of many candles. Over all was a
canopy of ferns. The wide folding doors
of the various apartments were thrown
•back and the arches outlined with grasses
and ferns. The general color effect was
green, with an occasional touch of white
in carnations and chrysanthemums.
At 8:30 o'clock the bridal party entered,
being met at the door of the rear draw
ing-room by the ribbon bearers; who
formed an aisle to the altar,, where the
bride was met by the groom and his best
man. The nuptial blessing was pro
nounced by the bride's uncle, the Rev.
Father Kenna.
OAKLAND, Sept 24.— The wedding
this evening of Miss Isabella Ken
na and Irving Burrell was of
more than local Interest, as both
Alameda Trustees Back
ed in Their Stand on
Franchise.
Telephone Men Are Com
missioned as Peace
Officers.
MAKES TARGET
OF A CITIZEN
Native Sons' Hall was the scene of a
brilliant assembly last night, when tho
First Regiment, League of the Cross,
gave a dance to Its many friends. The
following committee of arrangements had
the affair in charge: Major George Welch.
Captain and Adjutant Martin Power.
Captain William J. Quinn. Captain
Thomas E. Johnston and Captain Thomas
O'Day.
League of Cross Dance.
BUSINESS MEN
VOTE CONFIDENCE
Edge's trousers were completely torn
oft and ho was clawed and scratched until
blood was streaming down his face and
arms, The injured man Is now mending
in the hospital.
It was then that Edge took a hand.
He walked boldly out, with a knife in
his hand, for he Intended to skin bruin.
Just as h»> stooped over the prostrate
form of the big animal the bear ap
peared to revive, and the next thing
Edge knew he was rolling in the under
brush with the bear trying to tear him
into small pieces. Sharpe ran out to his
friend's rescue and it took Just three
more 6hots In the head to finish off the
bear.
On the afternoon of that day Edge and
a neighbor named Sharpe went hunting
for bear in a cranberry swamp. Before
dark the men failed to locate any game.
They camped at the foot of a mountain
and about midnight were awakened by
a noise near their tent. In the light of
their campnre they saw a bear not thirty
feet away. Sharpe got out his rifle, fired
two shots and the bear very accommo
datingly rolled over and pointed his paws
toward the rainclouds.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Sept. 24.—Arriv
ing in Vancouver to-day was the carcass
of a big black bear which the other
night came very nearly ending the life of
S. Edge, a farmer of Port Hammond.
Bpeelal Dispatch to The Call.
NAMES DEPUTIES
TO GUARD LINES
WHITTIER, Sept. 24.— Fire broke out
early - this morning in the build
ings of the Warner Oil f Company
here, and before the blaze could
be extinguished a loss of $6000 had
resulted. Other companies operating in
the neighborhood gave the residents
warning of the conflagration by blowing
whistles, and scores of citizens hurried to ,
the scene and aided materially In pre
venting the spread of the flames.
The fire was due to an accident. Wil
liam Seaman, one of the workers about
the wells, crawled to the top of a 1000
barrel tank to discover how much oil
had been pumped Into it. He held a
lighted lantern in his hand and this ig
nited the gases that had formed. In
stantly the whole tank burst into a blaze
and Seaman had a narrow escape. He
was painfully but not seriously burned.
The fire quickly spread to another tank
of the same size as the first, and a little
later to a 100-barrel tank. All three of
the oil receptacles were destroyed. The
larger tanks exploded and the* fiery con
tents were scattered far and wide over
the fields. One stream of oil found Its
way down Into an adjoining canyon and
set fire to a derrick of the company. En
ergetic work prevented what bade fair to
be a most disastrous conflagration.
FARMERS CLOSE
ANNUAL SESSION
The toasts of the evening were as fol
lows: ••California," Captain Charles Nel-
Fon; "Redwood Early Days," E. C. Wil
liams; "Redwood and Its Future," Hiram
Smith; "Redwood Manufacturing." A. B.
Hammond: "Forestry.". George D. Gray;
••Manufacturers of Lumber," Charles R.
.Tr.hnson; "San Francisco," George W.
Hooper. Among those present were:
K C •UT.llair.s Miles Standieh. Mrs. A. E.
Krebe Captain Henry Krfbi>, Thomas Pollard.
W. G. Mugan George A. Innw. J. R. H&nify.
Oeorpe W Hooper Ca;>taJn Charles Nelson,
F W. Trowcr W. J. Hotchkies, F. B. WU-
Kin A. B. Hammond. F. M. Fenwiek. J. H.
Tair. J. 3 lx>PKie. Hiram C. Smith. I>. L.
Jjong. Charles It. Johr.ron. George D. Gray,
C"harles R McCormick. W. M. Richardson, B.
H. Vincent William D. Wadley, D. E. Skin
ner Gt-orpe X. 'Wendllng Georire W. Colwell.
J 'n. DefebauKh. Fred II. GUman, W. T.
Christine F F Fir.lay. S. G. Cook. E>. H.
Moon. C. J. 'Wood. C. E. Perry. H. M. Coch
ran. Bert Harris. W. W. Everett.
California's great redwood timber Inter
ests were well represented at a banquet
given la the Maple room of the Palace
Hotel last evening by the members of the
Redwood Manufacturers* Exchange to J.
E. Defebaugh, editor of the American
Lumberman of Chicago, who is visiting
.the coast. Seated about the banquet table
were the presidents and managers of
about forty mills in Del Norte, Humboldt
and Menflocino counties, representing an
industry in which there has been invested
more than $50,000,000 and which Is rapidly
Liddir.g for the control of the timber trade
of the United States. The American Lum.
benxian has of late been giving a great
deal of prominence to California as the
future lumber producing center, and in
it cognition of the interest that Editor
Prfebaugrh has taken in the State those
identified with the Industry here arranged
last right's affair in his honor.
W. J. Hotchkiss presided as toastmaster
or the evening, beir.g introduced to the
assembly by E. C. Williams, president of
the exchange.
In acknowledging the honor accorded
him Editor Defebaugh spoke at length on
l'-.e wide interest that is being taken in
the lumber industry of the West, which
has been making puch rapid strides, and
paid a glowing tribute to California for
the ehare she is taking In the development
of the redwood lumber trade on the coast.
Yesterday Superintendent Leach re
ported to Burns that a certain amount of
gold had been stolen from the Mint. It
appears that two miners, arriving: late in
the city, had brought their wealth to the
Mint about 1 o'clock Wednesday after
noon. The latest time at which deposits
are usually received is noon, but that
these two men might be accommodated
the officials received the du3t, agreeing
to melt and assay it yesterday. Yester
day mornin? it was discovered that be
tween $60 and 170 worth of gold was miss
ing, hence the investigation.
Secret Service Agent Burns took charge
of the case and questioned Hundley. At
first the accused denied his guilt, but af
ter a severe cross-examination admitted
that he was responsible for the shortage.
In company with Burns he visited a sa
loon on Fifth street, where he had hidden
his loot. When asked to produce it he
willingly complied and the stolen gold was
returned to the Mint. Then it was that
the clerk was requested to resign and his
resignation was accepted without hesita
tion.
"William P. Hundley, assistant welshing
clerk of the United States Mint of this
city, confessed yesterday to Secret Ser
vice Agent William J. Burns that ho had
stolen gold dust from a depositor and was
immediately dismissed from the service.
It 13 due to the charity of the Federal
officers that the offender was not lodged
behind prison bars to answer to a felony
charge. This Veins h-s first offense, and
the stolen gold being recovered, dismissal
and disgrace -were deemed sufficient pun
ishment.
Leaders in Big California
Industry Give Banquet
to Visitor.
His Guilt.
William P. Hundley Breaks
Down and Confesses
Animal Feigns Death and
Then Attacks the Hap
less Hunter.
Workman Is Seriously In
jured and Property Is
Destroyed.
Editor Defebaugh of the
Chicago Lumberman
Entertained.
Port Hammond Farmer
Has Narrow Escape
From a Bear.
Disastrous Accident at a
Large Plant Near
Whittier.
Mint Otecial Steals Gold
JDust and Hands in
Resignation.
HONORED GUEST
OF TIMBEH MEN
CUNNING BRUIN
PLAYS POSSUM
WEIGHING CLERK
ADMITS A THEFT
OIL AND FLAME
FALL ON FIELDS
TTLE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 25, 1903.
Miss Isabella Kenna and Irving Burrell, Both Connected With
Families Prominent Throughout the State, Are Made Man and
Wife, Event Being an Important One in the World of Society
JOINED FOR LIFE AT ALTAR
BENEATH CANOPY OF FERNS
11
a d VEBTiSEanarrs.
Oak Poisoning
Sunburn, Mosquito and Insect Bites.
Prickly Heat and Hives quickly cured^
This scientific germicide is a
specific for skin troubles that
cures the most stubborn cases —
absolutely harmless. Universally
used by leading physicians for the
last 12 years.
Sold by leading druggists or trial size
bottle sent prepaid on receipt of 25 cents.
S«e my signature on every bottle.
61.0 Prince St., New York
Send for booklet.
TEETH WITHOUT PLATES.
Why wear a. bulky plate when you can hav«
bridgework for the coat ot material? Natural-
looking and serviceable appliances made wltb
22-k. gold by an expert and roily guaraatoad.
Artistic gold crowns and tilings.
Te#th extracted free. Graduates only.
Teeth cleaned free. Painless methods.
¦ Week Days. 9 to 9. Sundays, 0 to 1.
FOST-ORAJDTXATE JJEUTAl. COLLZQ3
Saa rr«ncl»co — 3 Taylor Stxwt.
Oakland — 973 "VVa«hiagton Street.
Saa Joi»— 45 Ea»t State Cl*r* ItTMfcTO SAIL.
FROM SEATTLE
Hoche on Reinsurance List.
The French ehlp Hoche. Captain Ramet. 11"
flays from Tacoma to Table Bay, was . placed
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.' r
- Thursday. September 24. \ '
Btmr Queen. Cousins, C7 hours from Vic-
A dispatch from fieattle. dated September
24, nates that the fteamer Burnside struck
an iceberg south of Douglas Island. Repairs
will be made by engineers at Juneau.
Burnside Will Repair at Juneau.
Three vessels of the northern salmon fleet
came In yesterday. They were the bark Him
alaya. £0 days from Bristol Bay. with 25.937
case of salmon: the bark Bohemia, 24 days
from Bristol Bay, with S2.136 cases salmon,
•nd the American bark Nicholas Thayer, 27
days from Nuehagak, with 0000 cases and 1600
barrels of salmon.
Salmon Fleet Arrives.
Assistant Chief Wharfinger Tyrrell gave an
excursion on the bay yesterday afternoon in
honor of the Sacramento -baseball team. For
tb« occasion the new McNeil Flyer was brought
into I commlsRion. She first ran down to the
1'nkm Iron Works and then out to the Golden
Gate. For a boat of her i»ize she showed re
markable epeed. averaging over 13 knots an
hour.
Ex-Senator Tyrrell Gives Outing-
According to late advices from the Farallon
Islands last night eight ships had been sighted
*ln the offing, inward bound. The names of
only three were learned. They are the Brit
ish ship Kynance, from Swansea; British ship
Andorinba. from Newcastle, and the British
chip EuphrOEvne. from Newcastle.
Bight Ships Reported in Offing.
The damage * to the American Fhip St.
rrancls and her carto appears to be slight
after all. It was first reported Jhat the loss
would practically be total, but late advices
from Dutch Harbor state that the entire loss
will probably amount to only $1000.
Damage to St. Francis Slight.
SAN FRANCISCO LIGHT VESSEL. No. 1 70.
List of lights and fog slghals. Pacific Coabt,
1908. pace 14. No. 27; list of beacons and buoy p.
Pacific Coast. 1903. page 19.
Stationed about 3Vi miles outside of the bar
off the entrance to £?an Francisco Harbor,
about 10% miles SW. % W. from Fort Point
Lighthouse, and •about 500 feet . to the north
ward of the range line marked by Fort Point
Light and Alcatrai Light. • ¦
Notice is herebr given 'that on or. about Oc
tober 26. 1903. an electric light w-IU be sub
stituted for each of. the two oil lights now
ehown from this vessel. Th« characteristic of
the lights will be changed from fixed white
to fixed white during periods of 5 seconds sep
arated by eclipses of 10 seconds* duration. The
height of the lights will be increased to 57
feet and their visibility to 13 miles In clear
weather, the observer's eye ! 15 f eet • above ¦ the
sea.. Each light will, as heretofore, : be • shown
from three lens lanterns . encircling a mast
head. No other change will b« made. - Miles
are nautical miles. By ¦ order of ¦ the Light
house Board, C. T. HUTCHINS,
Captain, U. S..N., Naval" Secretary.
Notice to Mariners.
The steamer Umatllla galled on Wednesday
for Victoria with an assorted merchandise
cargo consigned to the port of destination and
the principal Eritlsh Columbian ports. . valued
at $34,725. and Including the following: 1277
pkga fresh fruits 78 pkgs fresh vegetables,
1210 lbs sugar. 31.005 lbs dried fruit. 8200 lbs
meals. 12.031 lbs beans. 50.440 lbs malt, 5000
lbs chooDlate. 278 cs canned; goods, 75 pkga
paste. 35 pkgs groceries and provisions. 10
pkgs onions. 2 cs boney. 2000 lbs rice. 1415
lbs caacara. 204 Ib« hops. 929 gals wine. 417
Iba cheese 593 lbs cofTee. 66 cs arms and am
munition. "2275 pigs lead. 4 pkgs dry goods,
1 cyl gas. S pkgs electrtcal .supplies, 10 cs
paper, 233 pkjrs machinery, 2 cs hats, 175 gk's
Cumberland coal. 19 pes steel and iron.
The steamer also carried 100 bbla pickled
salmon valued at $1000 en route to Glouces
ter Mass.; 255 bbls. valued at $2555. for Chi
cago 111., and 100 bbls. valued at $1000. for
Duluth. Minn. - : . . .. .
Exoorts for the North.
George I^rew, who was walking along the
goiter front yenerday afternoon, says he was
robbed of his gold watch and chain by bunko
ttetrers. From his statement it appears that
he met a couple ct rtransers on the Duns
mulr coal dock, who inveigled him into bet
tinj? on the opening of a patent padlock. He
Mid he-dlfl not have any money to put up,
but he produced a Kold watch and chain,
which he claimed he valued at $100. and these
were put up. Drew was noon minus the watch
ana chain, and the <-lever manipulators had
disappeared. Drew told Police Officer Mc-
Oowan that he had lately arrived from Supe
rior. Nebraska, and that temporarily he was
stopping with his uncle at 3S Moss street.
Bunkoed on the "Water Front.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. I Pier.
September 24. j
S. Barbara. Seattle & Olympla. 10 amlPler 2
Redondo Los Angeles Ports. 3 pmlPier 2
September 25. |
S. Portland. Astoria & Portland 1 pm|Pler 2
San Pedro.. Humboldt 4 pm Pier 2
Pomona Humboldt 1 :30 p Pier 8
Argo Eel River Ports.:. 4 pmlPier 2
G. Llndauer Grays Harbor 0 pm|Pier 2s
G. W. Elder Astoria & Portlnnd|ll am|Pl»i 24
September 20. I |
Newburg... Grays Harbor [ 1 pmlPier 10
Czarina Coos Bay direct... |12 mjPier 8
Mortara Seattle & Tacoma.. | 4 pmlPier 9
U. Nelson... Astoria * Portland 12 m[ Pier 2"
Pt. Arena.. , Point Arena 4 pmlPier •£
Bonita Newport Way Pts. 9 amIPier 1»
Eureka Humboldt 9 am|Pler 13
C'ty Sydney N. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
Alameda... Honolulu ......... U smPier 7
J Dollar... Seattle & Tacoma.. 10 am Pier 2
September 27. *
S Rosa Par » Diepo & Way 9 am Pier 19
September 5SH. - j
Centralia... ljOS Angles Ports. 10 amlPler 10
Chehaiis Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
Corona Humbohit 1:30 p Pier l»
Queen . P"Ket Sound Ports. 11 am Pier a
September 20.
Mlnnetonka New York direct.. I I Pier 23
Arcata Coos B.& Pt.Orford[10 am|Pier 13
China . China & Japan 1 pm Pier 40
Coronado... Orays Harbor.. 4 pm Pier 10
September 210. |
Arctic Humboldt 4 pmiPler 2
larjua Humboldt 4 pmiPier 2
Columbia Astoria & Portland|ll am|Pier 24
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way.l 0 am|Pier VJ
October 1. . I 1
Rival V.'illapa Harbor . .| 4 pmrPJer 2
State of Cal San V\pKo & Way.| « amIPier 10
S.Monica.. <5rays Harbor 1 4 pmlPier 2
Nebraskan.. Honolulu. • v.Pgt. ¦ S| Pier 23
October 2. (
Rainier.' Seattle & Whatcoml 4 pm Pier 2
October 3. I
Chico.. Ooqiitlle River | 5 pm Pier 2
Newport N.. Y. via Panama. 12 , m Pier 40
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Centennial.. Prattle &' Tacoma.. 10 am Pier 2
Alliance I Portland & Wy Pts 5 pm Pier 10
Steamer. "For. Sails.
Dolphin...... .PkaRway & Way Ports. Sept 20
City Seattle.. rRkaRway & Way Ports. Sept 2tj
CityTopeka.. Skagway & Way Ports. Sept. 28
Roanoke; Nome & St. Michael... Sept. 2a
Dirigo Skagway & 'Way Ports. Sept. 2»
Humboldt.... Skagway & Way Ports. Oct. 1
Al-Ki SkRRway & Way Ports. Oct. 1
Kxcelsior Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Oct. i
Cottage City. Swagway & Way Pts. Oct. 2
Senator. ..... Nome Oct. 3
Ohlc- Nome & St. Michael ... Oct. 3
Bertha. ...... Valdez & Way Ports.. |Oct. 7
Sun,' Moon and' Tide.
GOVERNMENT TO BUILD
CANAL FROM LAKE TAAL
Province of Batangas Is to Be Given
an Outlet for Its Varied
Products.
MANILA. Sept. 24.— The Government
has decided to build a canal from Lake
Taal to the sea at an expense of J200.000
out of the Congressional relief fund. This
will give Batangas province an outlet for
its products.
. Governor Taft has just received addi
tional reports of distress among the na
tives of Batangas, Negros. Tayabas and
Cebu, the result of the failure of tha
crops owing to the ravages of locusts.
The Government Is now distributing $350,-
OOO.in.rice among the afflicted districts,
which Is to be paid for in work.
NEW YORK. Sept. 21._The following
Californians are in New York: From
San Francisco— C. T. Conlon. at the Im
perial; E. A. Glrvin, at the Grand Union;
S. L. King, at the Holland House- Miss
A. Shunkzlopf, at the Grenoble; Mlsa D.
Stewart, at the Kensington: E. P. Stone
and wife, at the "Westminster; J Taylor
at the Hotel Bartholdl, and W. Green, at
the .Wlnsnnla. . .
Californians in New York.
UDlUd States Coa«t - and Geodetic Survey —
Time ami Heights of High and Low
Waters at Port Point, entrance to Ban
Francisco Hay. Published by official au
thority of tho Superintendent. *
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about S3
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height of
tide la the eeme at both places.
¦ -,-'¦• FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 25.
Sun rises 0:00
Sun Bets .0:0.5
Moon sets w 9:08 p. m.
C [Time (Time ITime Time!
£ I Ft. I Ft. I Ft.' I { Ft. ,
" |HW| .-. |L W . [H WJ. ¦ [I. W|
24 1:51 i 5.0 7:07 1.7 1:32 5.6|-7:56 0.4
25 .2:49 .4.7 7:52 • 2.2 2.17 5.4 8:M 0.5
20 3:50 4.6 8:45 2.6 3:04 5.2 0:55 ' 0.(5
27 4:57 4.4 9:50 2.ft 3:57 4.0 10:. r ." 0.7
28 6:06 4.4 11:07 3.1 4:59 4.7 11:58 0.7
29 I 7:111 4.5 12:22i . 3.1 «:O4 j 4.6 ..... .....
\L Wl H Wl L W H W
30 0:511 0.7 «:(«! 4.7 1:25 2.9 7:10 4.6
1 l::VS\ O.S 8:481 ¦*•» 2:13 2.B 8:07 4.7
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the- early morning tides are given in the leit
hand column and the > successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time: the
fourth time, column gives - the last tide of the
day. except when there are but three tides, as
Bometlmea occurs. ¦ • The ¦ lieiKhts given - are ' ia
nddition to The. soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus (— )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted" from ;*he depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference Is the mean
of the lower low waters." ¦ ¦ :
DOMINICAN GOVERNMENT'S
NOTE IS OBJECTIONABLE
United States Minister Powell Enters
, Protest Against Proposed Neu
trality Measure.
SAN DOMINGO CITY. Sept. 24.—
United States Minister Powell has made
a very vigorous reply to the Dominican
Foreign Minister on ' the ; subject of the
Dominican Government's' bill for establish
ing - the neutrality, of Dominican waters
and making .certain ports free. In his
note Minister Powell says . the United
States Government .cannot accept' this
measurer that the Foreign Minister's re
sponse to ': his recent protest is.' very ob
jectionable to the. United- States Govern
ment, that such a measure as that
proposed .- Is . antagonistic to the -funda
mental ' principles • followed •. by his I Gov
ernment i ¦¦.,-.
The Dominican Foreign . Office . has in
formed Mr. Powell that.lt. will pay the
claim. of J. Sala&.Co. within a few days,
accepting the 'American Minister's propo
sition" for the; adjustment of this claim.
NATIVE JUDGES RELEASE - ;
GOVERNMENT? PR-IS ONEBS
Liberate Men Who insulted the
American Flajf at a -Meeting .
Held in San Juan:'. . . ;.Vj,V
SAN JUAN, Porto Rico, Sept.. 24.— The
District Court has ordered tlje/, release of
Eduardo Conde and Leonidas Guillbt, So
cialists, who were recently j sentenced to
six months' .Imprisonment-', for,, insulting
the American flag and threatening 1. the
life of Governor Hunt at - a - meeting of
the American Federation of ¦.Labor here.
The majority of the Judges;of, that" court
are natives. : The natives.condemn.the,de
cision to release the two men. "... The pris
oners' lawyer -has. been arrested on the
charge of contempt of court. • .•-.-,- .'
Certain ' newspapers continue .' to ' abuse
Governor Hunt and are Inciting a -black
flag demonstration when he returns hera
October 1. ' The police are, on ;the : alert
and the, Government is firm'. 2 The' recep^
tion of the Governor, however, ,wlll... ; at
his personal request, ' be cyrt e t and sim
ple. An uneasy feeling 'pervades • San
Juan. . • '"' . ' ¦ \ :'. '''""¦¦ •> ¦ *' ;
Time Ball.
Branch , Hydrographlc '< Office. • U. *¦ S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, j San. Francisco,, Cal..
September 24. 1003. -,:¦¦., r . -,
: The - Time i Ball, on' the .tower of the Ferry
bulldinB was dropped exactly at noon to-day.
1. .'e.. -at noon - of the: 120th -meridian, or at 8
p.':m;. Greenwich .time. ; . . •>.: -'•
; J ¦, C. BURNETT,
. Lieutenant. V.'S.. N., in charge.
Shipwrecked Passengers' Are Landed.
ADEN/; Arabia, / Sept. ' 24.— The [ Russian
steamer Trouvor arrived to-day/with th«
passengers and crew of the French, steam
er Aniiral : Gueydon, : which jwas > practical
ly destroyed by fire off the Arabian' coast.'
Only one life was lost. :>
Mgr. Wilpert' Is Papal Pronotary.
¦ ROME,. Sept.? 24— The Observatore Ro
mano ;announces<*that, Mgr. Wllpert • has
been appointed -i papal pronotary. not. as
stated; in a dispatch published in America
papal Secretary, of State, -which ia a to'
i tally ' different office.
The cabin }>a spongers were: Miss Boynton,
H'.fs Goodfriend. Mrs. G. Miller. Mrs. Hamil
ton, Mis? A. Cox, Mrs. Malmqulst, L. Kash
rvarrff. Miss Chapman, Tillle Peterson, Mlts
Pinion. Margarft BpuIps. Elsie Kokrine. Mis*
f^ln. O. Hartstn and C Ramsden.
Ac both the proFpe<"ti v e husbands are well
known In Alaska, the event of the double wed
ding will be of unusual interest on that north
ern fhore. The brides were accompanied to
the wharf by intimate friends who were to
have assisted at the weddinps if they had tak^n
T>lac» here. Thfy were Miss Preston. Miss
Hha.nl**>-. Mips Robinson, Miss Alice Chapman,
Mr. and Mir. Samuel Crlm. Llndey Scritton
and Norbitt Bsbin.
St. Paul Sails for Nome.
The Northern Commercial Company's steam
er St. P«ul tailed yesterday at 2 o'clock for
Nome. It is her last trip for the season. She
tarried a big cargo of freight, but her pas
senger list was lisht.
The dock was crowded with friends bidding
farewell to those bound to the frozen zone.
Among the passengers were two well-known
young women of this city, who go north to be
married. It is the intention of the two brides
to be married on the same day, October 14,
provided, of course, the steamer arrives at
ICome by that tirce. Miss Elizabeth Chapman
¦will wtd E. L. Van Allen, and Miss Anita
Cox la to be married to. District Attorney
Sanders.
The German eteamer Luxor of the Kosmos
line sailed yesterday for Hamburg and way'
ports with a general merchandise cargo valued
at $64,568. and distributed as follows: For
Mexico. $1S.3O«; Central America. $3683- Ecua
dor. m.890; Peru. $17,027; Chile. $1472; Ham
burg. $i775; London, $2404. The leadine ex
ports were as follows:
To Mexico — 08 bbls flour. 508 gals 20 cs
win«. 6000 lbs rice. 429 pkgs potatoes, 70 pkgs
onions. 25C pkgs fregh fruit. 00 cs whisky 42
c« canned goods. £2 pkgs groceries and pro
visions. 4C0 lbs bran. 108 lbs butter 5 cs
mineral water. 765 lbs smoked meat 962 lbs
oats. 148 lbs beans. 7 pkgs fresh vegetables.
4 cs meals. 225 lbs bread, 14 cs salmon. 471
lbs 15 cs dried fruit. W57 lbs raisins, 200.433
feet lumber. 20,090 lbs cement 15 pkgs agricul
tural implements. 9 pkgs ta.nk material. 11 cs
paints. 100 cs 1 bbl oil, 15 tons grease, 0 tons
tallow. 10 colls rope. 25 kegs nails 6 cs
boots and ehoes. 100 bales oakum. 20 crts
felt. 13 pkgs mlllwork, 7 <s arms and ammu
nition. 817 bdls shooks. 31 pkgs machinery.
27 pkgs drugs and chemicals. 40 bdls shingles.
30 boiler tubes. 5 pkgs dry goods.
To Central America — 52C bbls flour 2464 Tre t
lumber. 1238 lbs soda. 15 pkgs nails, 0 bdls
brooms. 10 bal«? ba«s 30 sks coal 10 pkgs
machinery. 42 cs 2 bbls oil. .3 pkgs 'steel and
iron. 1 reel wire cable. 2 pkgs ship chandlery.
To Ecuador — 22K5 bbls flour, 753 gals wine,
40 cs salmon. 41SO lbs lard. 109 lbs cheese.
72 cs canned goods. 28.175 lbs tallow. 218 coils
rope, 3 pkgs machinery. 3 pkgs paints and
oils. 2 rs shoes. 1 bale dry goods.
To Peru — 25 bbls flour. 71C5 lbs dried fruit.
181 pkgs jrroceries and provisions, ISO lbs cod
fish. 334 cs canned goods. 7626 lbs shrimps,
254 lbs cheese. . 50 gals .wine, 100 lbs raisins,
SO cs salmon. 10 pkgs meals. RtJO lbs lard; 2OS
lbs sugar. 14R coils rope. 9 pkgs pipe tiO,O22
lbs tallow. OOOO railroad ties. 34 cs : fuse, 0
cs shoes. GO drums carbide. 0 pkgs oil, 15
drums acid. 4 cs Uather. 2 ca arms and am
munition.
To Chile— 438 pigs lead. 18 pkgs tank ma
terial, 11 pkgB fir? crackers.
To Hamburg — 536, 603 lbs dried prunes. 68,
209 lbs dried fruit.
To London— 48 bbls shells. ' ' ¦¦
The Luxor's Cargo.
The French ehip Alice, on Puget Sound, was
chartered prior to arrival for wheat thence to
Europe at 21» 3d.
The British bark Forfarshire, at Honolulu,
proceeds .to Puget Sound to load Jumber for
Melbourne or Adelaide at 33s 9d
The ehlp Erskine M. Phelps, at Honolulu, Is
chartered for sugar thence to New York.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
on the reinsurance list yesterday at 10 per cent.
STEAMSHIP THAT SAILED
FOR SOUTH AMERICA AND
EUROPE LAST NIGHT.
p i|^ HE Kosnios liner Luxor, which
J was scheduled to sail at 2 p. m.
j| yesterday for Hamburg, via Cen
*^ tral and South American ports,
did not get away until late last
evening. The delay was occasioned by
a large amount of freight that arrived
late la the day.
She carried an immense cargo, which
tested her capacity to the utmost. Lum
ber and canned salmon were among the
principal commodities.
Among the passengers was a trio of
missionaries, who go to South America to
preach the gorpel in lands that know it
not. The party is composed of Mr. and
Mrs. Willis C. Brand and Frank L. Hall.
Their objective point Is Callao. There
they will confer with the resident mis
t-iop.aries and Ftudy the field methods be
fore starting into a heretofore unoccu
pied territory- This new venture has the
financial support of the Holiness
Churches of Southern California and
thefe are among the first of the mission
aries to go into this foreign field.
The passengers were H. Farady. wife
and two children; Mrs. T. Boyd and
daughter. Jose Sato, W. Von "Weindorff.
J. 'M. Westerbelt. Mrs. E. Barsley and
ron. W. E. Brand and wife, Frank H.
Hall, Jose Roca, and Mrs. Edward de
Salcido and child.
torla and way ports. . *
Stmr Ruth. Reed, 48 hours from Ban Pedro.
Stmr Navarro. Weber, 11 hours from Bo-wens
Landing;.
Stmr Point Arena, Miller, 14 hours from
Mendocino. via Point Arena 11 hours. ;
Stmr Chehaiis. -Frantzon. 60 hours from i
Grays Harbor. v |
Stmr Santa Cruz, Glelow, 13 hours from
Moss Landing.
Stmr Pasadena. Rasmussen. 16 hours from
Mendocino.
Stmr Argo. Dunham, 86 hours' from Eel
River. '
Stmr Redondo, Krog. 22 hours from Eureka;
bound south; put in for passengers.
Stmr Eureka, Jes»en, 24 hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander. 42 hours from
San Diego and way ports.
Stmr Bonlta. Alberts, 68 hours from San I
1 Pedro and way ports. j
U S stmr Albatross, Swift. 3% days from i
Seattle.
Ship Bohemia, Whalman. 24 days from Bris
tol Bay. '. \
Br 6hip Llndfleld, Reed. 159 days from Ant
werp.
Bark Himalaya, Thcmsen, 26 days from
Bristol Bay.
Bark Alden Befse, Kessel, 22 days from
Honolulu.
Bark Nicholas Thayer. Sparr, .27 days from
Nushagak.
Schr General Banning, Bennewitz. 53 days
from Naviaad.
Schr Ida A, Campbell, 5 hours from Point
Reyes.
CLEARED.
Thursday. September 24.
Stmr Ceo W Klder. Randall, Astoria; Ore
gon Railroad and Nav Co.
Stmr Pomona, Swanson, Eureka; Pacific
Coast Steamship Co.
Stmr St Paul. LIndqulst. St Michael. Nome
and Unalaska; Northern Commercial Co.
Ger etmr Luxor. Zimmerman. Hamburg and
way ports; J I> Spreckela & Broa Co.
SAILED.
Thursday, September 24.
Stmr Coqullle River. Dart, Crescent City.
Stmr Stnte of California, Thomas, San Diego.
Stmr Fulton. Lee, Hardy Creek.
Stmr Westport. Smith. Westport.
Stmr Et Paul. Lundquist, Nome and Et
Michael.
Stmr Santa Barbara, Zaddart, Seattle.
Stmr Phoenix, Odland, Mendocino.
Stmr Ruth. Reed, Bihlers Point.
Stmr Edith. Hall. Seattle.
Stmr Redondo, Krogr, San Pedro.
Echr Conflanza. Frenz. Notleys Landing.
Schr Hoy Somers. Sclland, Grays Harbor.
Schr Newark, Rcinertsen, Stewarts Point.
SPOKEN.
Per shin Bohemia— Sept 17, 500 miles NW
of San Francisco, bark Reaper, from Bristol
Bay, for San Francisco. -
Aug 22, lat 15 S. Ion 37 W, Fr bark Bossuet,
from Rotterdam, for San Francisco.
.. . TELEGRAPHIC. ,
POINT LOHOS, Sept 24, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind SW, velocity 12 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
FARALLON ISLANDS — Passed Sept 24
Br chip Euphrosyne. from Newcastle. Aus, for
Pan Francisco: Br ship Andorlnha, from New
castle, Aus, for San Francisco;. Be ship Ky
nance. from Swansea, for San Francisco; also
four shins.
FA1RHAVEN— Sailed Sept 23— Schr Fear
less, for San Pedro. . •
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Sept 23— Schr Ruth
E Godfrey, from Ballard; schr Louise, from
Umpqua.'
Sailed Sept 23 — Schr Antelope.- for Coquille
River; schr- Mabel Gray, for Eureka.
Arrived Sept 24— Schr W J Patterson, from
Grays Harbor; schr Lucy, from Umpqua.
Sailed Sept 24— Stmr Samoa, for San Fran
cisco.
ALBION— Arrived Sept 23— Stmr Green
wood, hence S<»pt 22. ' .
ST MICHAEL— Arrived Sept 20— Stmr Rose
crans, hence Sept 0.
Sailed. Sept 22— Stmr Rcsecrans, for San
Francisco. . •
NOME— Sailed Sept 11— Ship A J Fuller, for
Port Townsend.
ASTORIA— Sailed Sept 24^ — Stmr D3spatch,
for San Francisco.
Arrived . Sept 24 — Br bark . Duns Law, from
Port Los Aneeles.
BO WENS LANDING— Arrived Sept 24— Stmr
Gualala, hence Sppt 23. f
. FORT BRAGG— Arrived Sept 24— Stmr
Brunswick, hence Sept 23. '- V;^-
PORT LOS ANGELES- Sailed Sept 24— Fr
ship Andre Theodore, for Portland:
EUREKA — Arrived Kept 21— Schr Eva. hence
Sept 13; bktn Gardiner City, from Redondo;
echr Emma Claudlna, hence Sept 13; etmr
Iaqua, hence Sept 23.
Sailed Sept 24 — Stmr South Bay, for San
Francisco; stmr North Fork, .for San Fran
cisco.
TATOOSH — Passed in. Sept 24 — Stmr Olym
pic. • hence Sept 21. for Fairhaven; U S etmr
Thetis, from Alaska.
Passed out Sept 24— Stmr Mackinaw, for San
Francisco. . - ¦ -. . -..• .
Passed in Sept . 24— Ger ship Nlobe, from
Antwerp; Br bark Brunei, from Honolulu; Br
bark Highlands,' from Salinas Cruz .
PORT MADISON— Sailed Sept . 24^— achr Sa
mar. for Redondo. ¦ m •¦> .7
SAN DIEGO — Arrived Sept 24—^Schr Bertha
Dolbeer, from Eureka;
Sailed S*pt 24— Schr Maweema,' for What
com. ¦ ' ' \ • •
ABERDEEN— Arrived Sept 24— Schr Noko
mls, hence Sept 8. ...
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Sept 24— Schr
Admiral, from San Pedro.
COOS BAY — Arrived ; £ept 24— Schr Jessie
Minor, hence Sept 11: ¦ *
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Sept 24— Stmr Na
tional City, . for San Francisco..
ISLAND PORT.
HONOLULU — Sailed Sept 23 — Stmr Nevadan, S
for Kahului; schr Defiance, . for, GrayB Harbor.
Arrived Sept 24— Schr Lyman D Foster, from
I Newcastle, NSW;- ship ' Marion "Chllcott, hence
Sept 10. . .
FOREIGN PORTS.
CALETA BUENA— In port ' Aug . Br'
bark Loch Tool, . for > San Francisco. ; .
GRANTON— Arrived ; Sept . 20— Br ship Ka-
Jore, from Vancouver. . - -. - .
HONGKONG — Sailed Sept 23 — Br atmr Em
press, of" Japan, for 'Vancouver.'
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Sept- 23— Fr bark
Chateau d' If, for- Liverpool. ¦. , - ¦
MAZATLAN— Sailed Sept 23— Stmr Curacao,
for San . Francisco." ' ' ' , • ' - ¦
SYDNEY— 'Arrived Sept ¦ 24— Bktn ' Encore.'
from South. Bend. .....•..,. .
O OCEAN; STEAMERS.;,
¦ NEW YORK — Sailed Sept 24 — Stmr La. Bre
tagne, for,' Havre; stmr Augruste • Victoria, for
Hamburg; «unr King- Albert,: for Bremen
Steamer. From. Due.
Enterprise. . . HUo Sept. 25
San Pedro San Pedro Sept. 25
Coronado Grays Harbor t Sept. l»'5 |
North Fork . . . Humboldt Sept. 25 I
MIneola Tacoma Sept. 20 '
Chas. Nelson. San Pedro Sept. 2(?
Corona.. Humboldt I Sept. 28
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford.jsept. 2$
Mackinaw.... Taeoma i Sept. 27
Iaqua Humboldt |Sept. 27
Arctic Humboldt Sept. 27
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Pta. Sept. 27
Columbia Portland & Astoria.... Sept. 27
R. Dollar San I'edro |Sept. .28
Ventura Sydney & Way Ports.. | Sept. 28
Doric China & Japan ..Sept. 23
P.air.ier Seattle & Whatcom (Sept. 28
Centennial... Seattle & Tacoma Sept. 28
Centralia Grays Harbor Sept 2S
Rival Wlllapa Harbor Sept. 28
State of Cal.. San DUgo & Way Pts.. Sept. 28
Eureka Humboldt Sept. 1".»
Pomona Humboldt Sept. 20
Curacao Mexican Ports Sept. 29
City Puebla... Puget Sound Ports Sept. 2»
City Para.... New York via Panama. Sept. 30
Argo.. Eel River Ports. ..... |Sept. 30
Santa Roea San Diego & Way Pts.lOct. . 1
Point Arena.. Mendocino & Pt. Arena|Oct. 1
Chteo Ccquille River |Oct. .1
Bonlta Newport & Way Ports. (Oct. 1
Alliance Portland & Way Pts..|Oct. 1
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria. .. .|Oct. 2
Nevadan Honolulu „ |Oct. 2
UmatiUa PuKet Sbund Ports Oct. 4
Nippon Mam. China & Japan Oct. 3
J. Dollar Seattle & Tacoma Oct. 6
San Jose j New York via Panama. [Oct. 7
TO ARRIVE.
Movements of Steamers.
SOUTHAMPTON — Sailed Sept 24 — Stmr
Kronprlnz Wilhelnu for New York.
LIVERPOOL—Saned Sept 24— Stmr Belgen
lend, for Philadelphia.
HAVRE— Arrived Sept 24— Stmr La Tou
ralne, from New York.
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Sept 24^ — Stmr W'est
.ernland, lor Philadelphia; etmr Germanic, for
'New York.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 24.— The following
Californians registered at the hotels to
day: At the New Willard— Mr. and Mrs.
George Mitchell and Mrs. Philip Mitchell,
Los Angeles; Mr. and Mrs. H. G. Steven
son and H. G. Stevenson Jr., San Fran
cisco.
Californians in Washington.
It is expected that the total clean-up
during the present month will so exceed
that of September of last year that the
production* for both years will be
equalized.
The figures given are from the records
of the Comptroller at Dawson and based
upon the export tax entries. . The total
gold shipments during May, June, July
and August of this. year were $6,957,133.
The total output during the corresponding
months of 1902 was $8,058,797. The decrease
amounts to $1,101,684.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Sept. 24.— Despite
adverse conditions the output of gold
from the Klondike this season up to the
end of August* is only $1,000,000 behind
that' of last year for the same period.
Lack of water caused the decrease In the
output. Early this month, a fair amount
of rain fell and washing was recom
menced in earnest.
Lack of Water the Cause of
a Lessening of the
''Shipments.
Small Decrease in the
Production of the
Klondike.
GOLDEN OUTPUT
UP IN MILLIONS
St. Paul Leaves for Final Voyage of the Season to Nome, Carry
ing Among Her Passengers Two San Francisco Young Women
Who Go to \^ed Men of Their Choice in the Frozen North
KOSMOS LINER LUXOR BEGINS
HER LONG TRIP TO HAMBURG
THE SAN FB AS CISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 25, 1903.
12
1 1 '-•:¦ '¦•'"¦ \ ¦ 'I— - ' '-- ' I"" FREE WITH 1 1
1 i-l II >l P l }} BTTHE NEXT I
I ft|l L ( M -^E- SUNDAY !
g- I g
I* "AIN^OL.D SALT. W |
I ©©©©©©•©©©©•©•00«0»©000©0©©00»0«000»0««©09000©000©0O g
¦ y © ©) o
I v^ Gk £A mi
« . q "An Old Salt," by the Belgian artist, A. Bondry, is not only an ex- § <#
3 Q ample of vigorous and skillful brush work, but a fine bit of character O §
jo • study." The type portrayed is one of those oidnen of the sea, bluff and ® x*
jg ? sturdy, hardened by rude labor, danger, and exposure to the elements. S S
\q q They are apt to be curt of speech and often so taciturn that the appel- © g
j 8 • lation "a sad sea dog" is fittingly bestowed upon them. In most of them, O &
|§ 2 however, there is generally concealed beneath their rough exterior' a large J*J §
\'Cf. 2 heart- and often a vein of humor, which only requires an occasion to be tt
i ir; O brought out. O */,
jS a The effect of wear and exposure to variable weather upon the gar- ® ig
1 jo; § ments of those who toil on the sea, or in the fields, is to destroy their ® §
S © color and bring various colors into a harmony of neutTal tones which is & £*
; § ' © nearly always picturesque and agreeable to the eye. The broken and sub- © S
• « 2 dued colors of this picture are well suited to its subject, and the artist has f? &
§q cleverly compensated for their lack of brilliancy by a vigorous effect of q S
q light and dark and the rich imparts of his painting. The last named O o
J S' & quality: is reproduced by the process employed in making The Call art sup- • S
JQ •? plements with a truthfulness unapproached by any other. One might 5 §
1 § 9 readily' imagine at a first glance that the rough surface of the canvas had q C\
o • . © < been reproduced by embossing., ... © 8
|S @ A.-Bciudry is a native of Belgium and has his studio in Antwerp. He ® o
i O as made a- specialty i of pictures which have for their subjects scenes and § S
jo © types of people of the sea. • His work is highly appreciated in his own- © %
jg © country, where he has received many honors, and his reputation and the © §
S sale of his work in America are Steadily increasing. ~ a #
!| . J ; : ¦¦:..•.- . : . ¦ . . •:-; . | |
|g ©©•©©••©©©•©•©©©•©©•©©•••••©©©©•©•••••••©•••••••©•o© p
1 1 FREE ART PICTURE WITH NEXT SUNDAY CALL, September 27 |
|| TRAIN NEWS AGENTS AND ALL NEWSDEALERS SELL THE CALL 1
I Price 5 CcHts. Price 5 Cents. Price 5 Cents. v 1
1 THEY AR£ FRAMING THE CALL ART SUPPLEMEMTS I §
1 1 The Following Art Dealers Are, Making a Specialty of Framing Call Art Supplements: ' g
S* SACRAMENTO — Hevenef. •• Mler &, street; Gage's art store, 609 East SAN DIEGO — W." P. Fuller & Co. *
<i5 Co., 615 J street; C. ¦ N. • Davis,-' book Main street; Weber's art' store. 425 71 F street. Jx>
9 "* 6tore, 817 K street. • - East Main street FRESNO — Sronce & Dick. «
S PETALUMA— H. S. Gutermute. J. WARYSVILLE— G.'.W. Hall. REDDING — W. H. Bcrgh. *^er«)l 9
8 M. Wyckoff. , . , . - OAKLAND — E. J. Saake. 13 Tele- Furniture Company"; T. J. Houston. 8
S SAN JOSE — George Deniie. M. Len- graph avenue;. A* A. Barlow. 369 Houston Furniture Company. M
S zen & Son. '. :' " .- Twelfth street. . . REDWOOD CITY — W. L. Kilns. 8
8 STOCKTON — Morris Bros.", book ALAMEDA — C. P. Ma^agnos. 135S SANTA CRUZ — H. E. Irish. Cook* »
Q store, 20 North El 'Dorado . street; Park street. Bros.. F. R. Hetir. George Hoban. Q
g Stockton Racket stora. -711 East Main CHICO— Fetters & Williams. JACKSON— E. G. Freeman Co. OButter is quoted: rather dull and weak. than
otherwise, though quotations show no change.
Stocks am ample for all; immediate needs.
Eggs are steady at the recent advance, with
light stocks < of -fresh: ; . .
' Cheese - has a much wider range. While
Butter, Cheese^ and Eggs.
A portion of the car of Western Poultry
that came In late on the preceding day was on
sale, but" moved off slowly as tho stock was
rather poor. Receipts of. domestic were mod
erate and cleaned up well under a good de
mand. Young chickens were particularly firm
and Fryers' and .. large Broilers were quoted
higher. Old Hens , were somewhat dull, but
prices were maintained. A car of Western is
scheduled for to-day's market. Them were
no changes in Game, receipts being just about
sufficient to satisfy the demand.
POULTRY— Young Turkeys. 20<g22c per lb;
Geese per pair. $1 50@l 75; Goelingn, $2fi2 25:
Ducks $4®5 'per dozen for old and $55x8 for
young; Henn. $* ftO^-5 50: young Roosters,
$5fle: old Roosters. $+ S0@5; Fryers. $4<g5;
Broilers $3<g3 75 for large and $2 50@3 for
email; Pigeons. $1 25@1 50 per dozen for old
and $1 50@2 for Squabs.
OAME— Rabbits, $1 <o per dozen for Cotton
tails; Hare. $1 25 per dozen; Wild Dovea, $1©
1-12% per. dozen. ¦ • -
Poultry and Game.
'General Merchandise.
BAGS — Grain Bags, 5(g5Hc; San Quentln,
5.r>5c; Wool Bags. 32^35c; Fleece Twine, 7"Htf
be; Cotton Fruit Bags, 0%c. «%c and 7Uc tor
the three crades ; Brown Jute, 6^@7%o.
COAL-^- Wellington. $8 per ton: New Wel
lington. $8; Seattle. $« 30: Bryant. $t5 60: Bea
ver Hill, ?5 50; Stanford, $7; Hcslyn, $7; Coos
Bay, *o 50: Greta, $7: Wallsend, $7; Rich
mond, $7 50; Cumberland, $1.1 in bulk and
$14 23 In sacks; Welsh Anthracite Egg, $13;
"Welsh Lumjt, $11 50; Cannel. $3 50 per ton;
(joke. $11 50@i:i per ton In bulk and $15 in
sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions, $S 45 p«r
2000 lbs end $S CO per ton, according to brand.
OIL-*— Linseed,' 49c for boiled and 47c for raw
In barrels; cases, 5c more:. Castor Oil, In cased.
No. 1. 70c; Bakers 1 AA. $1 10<gl 12; Lucol. 44c
for boiled and 42c for raw In barrels; Lard Oil,
extra winter strained, barrols, OCc; cases. 95c;
China Nut, 65®70o per gallon; pure Neatsfoot,
In barrels, 75c; cases. SOc; Sperm, pure, 75c;
Whale Oil. natural white. 50{?55c per gallon;
Fish Oil. .in barrels. 45c; cases, SOc; Cocoanut
Oil. In barrels, 5Se for Ceylon and 05c for Aus
tralian.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil in bulk.
14c; Pearl Oil In case*. 20»*c; Astral. 20%c;
Star. 20Vic; Extra Star, 24^c; Elaine. 26^c;
Eocene. 23 %c; deodorized Stove Gasoline. In
bulk, 17c; In' cases, 23^c; Benzine, in bulk,
13c; In cafes, 10 \tc; fti-degree Gasoline, in bulk.
21c: in cases. 27 He.* . '
TURPENTINE — SOc per gallon in cases and
74c In drums ond Iron fcarrela.'--
RED AND WHITE LEAD — Red Lead. e*»
®7c per lb; White Lead, eH©7c, according to
quantity.
• SUGAR — The • Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as "follows, per lb. In 100- lb bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed. S.85c;
Powdered. 5.70c; Candy Granulated. "5. Ttic: Dry
Granulated, fine, 5.60c; Dry Granulated, coarae.
5. 60c;. Fruit. Granulated, 5.60c; Beet Granulated
(100-lb bigs only), — : Corifectioners' A, 5. COc:
Magnolia: A. 6.20c;. Extra C. 5.1{te; Golden C,
5c :r"D." 4.00c; barrels. 10c more: -half bar
rels. • 25c more: boxes.' 50c more: - SO-Ib bags,
10c more for all kinds. -Tablets— Half barrels.
Articles-^ Receipts. Shipments.
Floun barrels 39.101 18.950
2K&3SE :::::::::::25?S **$»]
££¦ £*££ ::.: 155.000 i52.«oo|
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady to firm; creamery. lC^l^c;
dairy. 14SlS%c; cheese, steady, lO^ttU,.-,
eggs firm. lSfflDc.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Se P l - Oct - Dec -
On^ n h ln^ 03V* «3Vi 63%
Kn 11 /. ::::-. •••—,£?* B - 3Vi tt4V^
££*£: . PA . R ...". S%
Closing 20 °" - l 10
Flour— „„ m O a
Opening .?- J» • ~* ™
Closing • »- 4t> • r 8 15
New York Metal Market.
NFW YORK. Sept. 24. — Tin was about 15s
higher in I/indon at £117 for spot and £110
10s for futures, but the local market remained
quiet at $20 76(^27.
Copper prices were higher In London, ad
vancing to £55 12s fid for spot and 10s to
£55 15= for futures. Locally copper was quiet
and more or less nominal. Lake and elec
trolytic were quoted at $13 50 and casting at^
Leart was unchanged here at ? 4 60 and j
abroad at £11 2s Cd. '
Spelter was unchanged at ?C In New York
end at £21 in London.
Iron closed at &Cs 3d in Glasgow and at 44s
10%d In Mlddleeboro. Locally iron was un
changed. No. 1 foundry Northern Is quoted
at $17; No. 2 foundry Northern, $16 50; No. 1
foundry Southern and No. 1 do soft, $10.
Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO. Sept. 24.— CATTLE — Receipts.
12,000. Including 4000 Texans. Good to prime
steers, $5 50(8 U 10; poor to medium. ¦ $3 Q0@
5 23; stockers and feeders, $2 40@4 20; cows,
$1 4CWW 50; heifers. $2@5; canners, $1 40$
2 70; bulls, $2@4 75; calves, $.1 60<g4 70; Texas
fed steers, $2 »5©4 40; Western steers, $3 25®
4 50.
HOGS — Receipts to-day, 15,000; to-morrow,
15 000. Steady and strong. Mixed and butcher*-,
$5* 7O4i « "5; good to choice heavy, $5 9000 20;
rough heavy. $5 00®5 80: light, $5 8O#G 40;
bulk of sales, $5 75#S 05.
SHEEP— Receipts, 22,000. Sheep and lambs,
steady. Good to choice wethers, $;J 40@4 25;
fair to choice mlx»d, $2 25@3 25: Western
sheep, $2 75&4 25: native lambs, .$3 5Oj?5 50;
Western lambs, %J3 7u@5 50.
Northern Business.
' SEATTLE. Sept. 21.— Clearings, $612.T»5:
balances. $11 2. €84.
TACOMA. Sept. 24. — Clearings. $323,848; bal- ,
ancec $41,472.
PORTLAND. Sept. 24. — Clearings. $517,570;
balances, $05,040.
SPOKANE, Sept. 24.— Clearings. $306.74.5;
balances, $45,231.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Sept. 24.— WHEAT— Walla-
Walla, 72©73c; blueetern. 76@77c; valley, 77c
WASHINGTON. •
TACOMA. Sept. 24.— WHEAT— lc lower;
bluestem, "Sc; club, .74e.
London Wool Sales.
LONDON, Sept. 24.— The offering*, at* the
wool auction eales to-day were 12.368 bales.
Medium merinos were steadier. : Scoureds were
in good, demand for France and Germany,, fine
VEGETABLES— Green Corn, $10150 per
rack: crat*-n trom Alameda. $1 2Sfrl 50; from
Berkeley, $1@1 25; Green Peas. 2i93c per lb;
String Beans, 3ft 4c per lb; Wax, 3@4c;
Lima Beana. 3«WV4c per lb; Tomatoe* 35©
COc per box; Summer Squash, SOc per box;
Cabbage. COc per ctl; Carrots, 75c per sack;
Cucumbers. 40®T>Oc per box; Pickle Cucumbers
3@3Hc for No. 1 and 1©2%c per lb for others;
Garlic. 2@3o per lb;. Green Peppers, 30@50c
per box or rack; Green Okra, 35350c per box:
Egg Plant. 35@50c per box; Marrowfat Squash
$U*gl2 per. ton.
ONIONS— r»0®63c per Ctl
Receipts of most descriptions of vegetables
were lisht. but as the demand was likewise
prices had little change. Tomatoes continued
to arrive freely and were easy, with second
quality offerings going to the canners at the
minimum quotation. Cucumbers. Summer
Squash. Green Peppers and Okra were In mod
crate supply and cleaned up well at steady
prices. String. "Wax and Lima Beans con
tinued, firm under small supplies and a steady
Inquiry. Green Corn did better, receipts be
ing very light and the demand good.
POTATOES — aurbanks from ths river, 60c@
$1 per ctl; Salinas Burbanks, si 2.V<rl 40 per
ctl; River Reds. 85c@$l per ctl; Sweet Pota
toes. Jobbing at $1 00 per ctl.
The Potato market 'was without special fea
ture and prices of Burbanks from the river and
Salinas remained as previously quoted. The
Oregon Burbanks that arrived on Monday
were offering on, the wharf at 00c per cental,
but found few takers. Sweets were steady
at an advance. One car load came In from
Merced, Onions were quiet at unchanged
prices.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
With the exception of Llmas, which are
still active and firm, the Bean market is much
quieter and weak, with the shorts mostly
filled. The demand from all quarters is less
BEANS — Bayos. $2 C5@2 U0; Pea *.J 25- But
ters ?3 2!5; Mnall White. S3@.133; large. White
$2 M)@;{ 15; Pink, ?3@.'125; Red, $2U0<&;j- Lima'
»3 mw.l 05; Red Kidneys, $4; Blackeye, $'_» C5M
2 85 per ctl; Hors« BeanB, $1 40<tfl 50.
.SEEDS— Brcwn Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax, $1 70<&l 80; Canary.
6fi5%e for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal; Rape
lftO2V£c: Timothy, 6®U%e; Hemp, 3UGStt«
per lb; Millet, 3©3V4c; Broom Corn Seed $2Ott
23 per ton.
DRIED PEAS — Green, ?1 80(f2 per ctl
Beans and Seeds.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about 1 %c • under' quotations. Heavy % Salted
Steers, 9%c; medium. S*4c; light. 8c; Cow '
Hides, Sc for heavy and Sc for light; Stags, j
Cc; Salted Kip. 8%c; Salted Veal, 9Vjc; '¦
Salted Calf. 10c: dry Hides. 15(g.l5^c; dry Kip,
13c; dry Calf. 17c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 250
SOc each; short wool, 404730c each; medium 70 :
@90c; long wool. $1@1 50 each; Horse Hides,
salt. $2 75 for large and <2»r2 50 for medium.
$1 23@1 75 for small and 50c for Colts; Horse
Hides, dry, $1 75 for large and $1 60 for me
dium. $li@l 25 for small and 60c for Colts.
Buck Skins— Dry Mexican, 32>£c; dry salted
Mexican. 28c; dry Central American. 32&c.
Goat Skins — Prime Angoras. 75c; large and
smooth 50c; medium, .15c; small, 20c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4%@4%c per lb;
No. 2, 4@lViC; grease. 2»4@3c.
WOOL — Fall clip — San Joaquin Lambfl', 3®
12c; Foothill. 10@12c; Middle County. ll@13c.
Quotations for spring clip are as follows:
Humboldt and Mendoclno. lS®20c; Nevada, 13
r./ 15c: Valley Oregon, fine. 18019c: do, medium,
lTi&ISc; do coarse, H'Hillc per lb.
HOPS — 22@2Cc per lb for California and 19 j
©23c for Oregon. . !
Meat Market.
There Is no further change to report in any
thing under this head.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF — (5@7c for Steers and 5® 6c per lb
for Cows.
VEAL— Large. 6\4@S%c; small 0@10c per
pound.
MUTTON— Wethers. "Vi@8%c; Ewes, 7@Se
per pound.
LAMB — 0®10c per pound.
PORK — Dressed Hoks. 8Vi@»Uc per pound.
V LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock delivered in San Francisco, less 50
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers, 8@9c; Cows and Heifers,
7<&Sc: thin Cows, 405c per pound.
CALVES — tf 5«c per pound (gross .weight).
SHEEP — Wethers. 3%®394c; Ewes. 3<&3isc
per pound (gross weight)..
LAMBS — $2 75©3 oer head.
HOGS— Livs Hogs, 150 to 250 lbs, 5%c; under
150 lbs 5\»@f>\c: Sows, 20 per cent off; Boars,
50 percent off, and Stags, 40 per cent off from
above quotations.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Cash quotatlorus were as follows: Flour was
easier- No. 2 red wheat. 74%®7fi%c; No. 2
corn 45%c; No. 2 yellow. 47%c; No. 3 white
oats 30#c; No. 2 rye. 53H65GC; good feed Ing
harlev »8fiW)c: fair to choice malting. 53ig50c;
Vo l' flax seed M%c; No. 1 Northwestern,
$1 02: prime Timothy seed. $3 10: mess pork
ner bbl $12 25@12 75; lard par 100 lbs, $IO#
[S 05 short rlbt sides (loose). $S S7U90 JS^"
dry salted shoulders (boxed). 6%®6=!4c: short
clear sides (boxed). 8»4®OVic: clover, contract
grade. $9 75gO 80-
The situation remains uncharged. • Choice
Hay Is held up. but the lower grades a re weak
and In oversupply. Corn products are lower,
but Bran and Middlings are unchanged
BRAN— $22323 p«r ton.
MIDDLINGS— $20 E0<&28 per ton.
SHORTS— ?22(S2.{ per ton. '
FEKDSTUFFS— Rolled ttarley. $24@25 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $:JG(fi2t> 50- Job
bing, S27if?27 00; Cocoanut Cake. $21®22;
Corn Meal. $32 50@33; Cracked Corn $33®
3. - 5 50; Mixed Feed. ?22 50^2;! 50; Horse Beans
?2S!t/;J0 per ton.
HAY— Wheat, ?110U 50. with sales of extra
choice at $15; Wheat and Oat. $11$13 50- Oat
$l«<trl3; Wild Oat, $t> 50®U 50; Barlay, $9SU;
Clover, $8 G0811; Stock, $8g^; Alfalfa $'J 50®
10 50 per ton. .
STRAW— 35®65o per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
NE WyORK STOCK LIST.
Phorr?— On^n. H!rh. Low. Close
Atchi-on 7W.5C0 <U«4 «"i
Atrhiaon pfd «;oo K«i-. 4 wtii <¦«"
Ba! *• niifo &3.-M1O 77 74% 74%
»>*! & Ohio pfd BOO K3«4 S5 S3
Canadian Pac C.900 121 V* U'J% »•••»
Central n' x j 155
<*h«s & OMo.v 3.V*> 234 2K^» 2s^
rhl A Alton 1.500 2<>\ 1»% 19%
<*hi & Altr.n pfd... .3(10 €2H C2 C2
Chi 4 O W i.wk> iri«i 14% 14%
rw * <"; w h prd.. ?oo 2«',i it 25v;
'-W * X W »oo 154H 154 154'i
«"»¦ Ter t.- T-kt» ««O 9 H% RV.
''h Ter & Tif.n t ,n. i.«ti0 17 15 1«
CCCACtL €S«i
Col Southern 1,100 12^4 11% 11 "A
fol Pouth l«t rfd.. 600 4*% 41 48
<v,i South 2<i j.fd.. 300 7» lO'/i 1»%
r>».l & Hudson 1,WX> IR4 152 151
n«-I l^ark * Went.. 400 23O" 230 2S5
Hen & n « l.flOO 22 21 20W
TV^n & R G pfd.... 000 74 72^ 72Vi
Krle 2R.4OO 2««4 24Vi 24
Krle 1« pfd 5,600 64*{ 63% «U
rrie 2d pfd 2.«XiO 46tf 45U 4514
Ot North pfd I«0
Hock Valley goo 66 G6 • «5
Hock Valley pM , 75
Illinois Omral .... 2,600 128% 127%' l^i,^
low< Certral .....' 18
Iowa Centra! pM ..... 3-1
Kan City South.... 200 10% Ifl ,MVt
Kan City South pfd -StO 3B 33 35
IxjuleMUe & It 6.M0 100% 8»tf J»H
NEW YORK. S<pt. 24.— The stock market
ua:ioued in a slough of despondency to-day.
2 r.ctr* crumbled aw*y first here and then there,
i-i.u tut cioEin« showed a resumption of the
tu:.r of ¦. :.i.,to;;.:i which characterized the
j:.«ii t.t-is in Juiy. The break in prices was un
ai .-uuriteU fcr by any new developments. Ail
;.. v. b, whether good or bad, was Interpreted In
un unia\crablc way by discouraged traders.
'.In- l'lief mwwre of the United States Treat
uo iiimuuncea yesterday, which stems to make
._•-.;<•<». vcv rend.ly <ivai!abie to the money mtr-
Kt t. wat used by the traders on the Stock En.
«. ujr.ee to .:..-...>..-....• dark pobsibilitiee undis
li^tvt-O uj the txtuation which made necessary
ia;s .:..-.;•¦•. nuaFure of relief. The air was
:u:i cf rumor* ol '•wmethir.g overhanging the
marki-t." Diligent inrjuiry in the banking com
munity and in broker*' olfices tailed to disclose
iny definite information of this mysterious
•-crjiethinj?. The j>ereli--U*nt and urerent charac
t»-r ot the ¦»"»«g however, (;av f lorce to the
> um<»rs urn! kept bencirr.ent <iieturbed and ner
"V"i;s all day. The futility of the Treasury re
lief mrfcfrure ro afford comfort to holders of ee
enrttiea, as well as the tirevaillns low rate for
launey, is a pretty reliable indication that the
t:'/ul'le it- r.ut with the money condition. Those
v.ho can bonow money at all can borrow It on
t-ai-y Urtam. Tbi* j>o;nt# to the conclufion that
thuet nho are being torced into liquidation are
ihosse who cannot borroxr ir^oney on any term*,
tsi least for employment in the project* for
v.h.rti thpy seek funds. The Consolidated Lake
: m\ erior eriisode is looked upon to some extent
k> symptomatic. Th« erteortca in new enter
i ri;-»fc nhose securities it is impossible to float
is believed to be brinsing a new crop of cuua!
ii*k Into effect, which is reflected in the Jar*
£**tlinf: cf -u- ctorks as have any market, to
tr.ake *ood theB€- casualties. It was reported
\ hut pome of the large commission hou»ta
which ha\t carried long standing accounts have
rruwn tired of failure to respond to repeated
tails frr additional margins an3 h^e been sell
injr out jom* oxier.plve accounts. United States
St**l ».eoonil». which was the sensation of the
<jsy> murkrt. was said to b*> affected in this
way. Thf> jfrowirj; realization of and the ln
crf«(-in»f frankness- of the admissions as to th»
contraction In the iron and steel trade, of
ojurw, aggravated the weakness of this stock.
Ail •ir.rts' of Bf.w-rtions were in circulation of
can<-ojlatif>n pf order* in different lines of in
liutln: The downward r.!unjre in United State*
Rleel preferred at the laFt carried it to ft!.
v. hrrc It closed, a n»-t !o»s of 4«£. Losses ran
to aborft 3 points In Baltimore anil Ohio Read
inr. Union Pacific and St. Paul, which was
p-mcr-s tho*e moFt acutely affected. Losses ct
1 to over 2 per cent were quite peneral through.
< ut thf Ii*t. The Krar.KTs showed some tarly
resistance, owir^ to the reported escape from
'ia.rr.ngf to the ocrn crr»p from last nlKht's
irrwis. but they rh»red fully In the later weak
ness. The anthracite carriers were weak en
r»-pcrti« of «-huttiiuf down of collierle*. whil«
the argument for the eellir.K of the bituminous
<ar.-icr* way that the accumulation of steam
s-'.ist* of anthracite threatened the extension of
tho «=oft cral trad» which resulted from last
>ftar'p anthracite etrike. A fall In New York
' *« hHrirc at Chicago to 15 c^nts discount
I-^ir?t*-(J t« the appronch of the currency move
ment to th» \V«t. Many newe itemK were is
sued to trader* »imp!y as Furmine^ to explain
the continuous liquidation which seems to b«
really due to the widespread impairment of
'•redit. v.-fcich makes necessary the closing out
ntf vertures for which no further Fuppcrt can
be y.rd from the financial world. The market
<-l«-s««d i<-tlv» and weak at the%>we«t.
H'.ndF were weak and In Bjtnpathjr with
rtf<-kf>. Total n«lei«, rar \-alue, f2.7«>.rtno.
I'nlted Sttte« 2s declined '4 per cent en the last
fall. .•..*-•
Xrw York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
¦ LARD — Tierces Quoted at 7%c per lb for
compound and 10%@10%c for • pure; half bar
rels, pure. lligllVie; 10-lb tins. ll^SHWc:
5-lb tins; ll%c; 3-lb tins. ll%c.
COTTOLENE — One half barrel, 9%c: three
half barrels. ft%c; one tierce, 0%c; two tierces
O'/ic; five tierces. 9Vfcc per lb.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 12%c per lb for
heavy. 13c for light medium 15c for light.
15 %c for extra light. 17 %c for sugar-cured and
18%c for extra supar-cured; Eastern sugar
cured Hams. 15%igl5%c: California Hams. 15
<S15V4c; Mess Beef. $11 50 per bbl; extra Mess
$12(512 50; Family. $13@13 50; prime Mesa
Pork. $19; extra clear,- $25; Mess, $20: Dry
Salted Pork, 12%c; Pig Pork. $2S; Pigs' Feet,
$5 2.V. Smoked Beef, 15c per lb.
Chicago was sharply lower, and the market
was reported distinctly unhealthy. Both Lard
and Ribs ar^, supported by muscle, out r.f all
proportion to the consumptive markets of the
world.
This market Is moderately active at un
changed prices. • ¦ .
Prmnsions.
John Howard and Joseph Flnlon wera
arrested early yesterday morning tf Po
liceman Driscoll and Watchman Huestect
of th* Blythe block. They were trying
to force open a show case at 703 Market,
street, which contains artificial denture*
and dental gold. Howard was working,
with a file on the hasp of the screen cov
ering the nhow case when caught, and In
his packets were found a cobblestone and
club, evidently to be used in breaking
the glass. They were charged with an
attempt to commit burglary-
Try to Bob a Show Case.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $1 60®
4 SS, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $1 60® 4 HO:
Oregon and Washington. $3 0064 20 per bbl
for family and $3 00<$4 40 for Bakers'. '
MILLSTUFFS — Prices in packages are a's
follows: Graham Flour, $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye
Flour. $3 25; Ryo Meal. ?,'};. Rice Flour, $7;
Corn Meal. $3 25; extra cream do. $4; . Oat
Groats," $4 50; Hominy, $4&4 25; Buckwheat
Flour, $4 60«l 73; Cracked Wheat. $3 75; Fa
rina, ?4 60; "Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; Rolled
Oats, bbls, $7 23@S 60;in sacks. $6 75@S 10;
Pearl Barley, $U; Split Peas, boxes, $7; Green
Peas, $5 60 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Mills tuffs.
Articles— Open. High. Low. . Close.
September, new 75% 76»£ ¦ 74VS • 74^
December, new. 77\j« J 77% 7<tti 7fi : X,
May....- 79K 79 * 78^ 78 ''*
Septe^be?'.."... 47tf 47% 45 45<£
r>ecember ..... 47 4.^ 45% 45%
May 47^s 47% 45% 45%
SepTe^ber"' 2 ". 37 U 37% M M*
December 37% 39 37 3|^
May 38% 30^4 37% 2S\i
Mess Pork, per bbl—
f&l^.:::::™™ *>'» "P
Jtoy .:.... 12 0714 12 07% 12 67% 12 75
SepfelbeT .' 00 . 1^ 10 10 9 OO 10 05
October . 7 70 7 75 7 55 7 62%
January'::::::. ? 70 7 70 « 02% 6 02%
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
olS^.::::: am vi^vii^ l£
San- .::.-.. 0 72% 6 72% 6 65 6 62%
¦William E. Slater and Richard W. Har«
din, two of the gang of railroad car
thieves arrested by Detective Sergeant
Ryan and Detective Lewln of the South
ern Pacific, were taken from the City
Prison yesterday afternoon by Deput.t
Sheriff Butts of San Mateo County tr»
Redwood City to stand their trial for
burglary. They are accused of breaking:
Into an outgoing freight car at San Bruno
station on April » and stealing two cas«3.
of dears, which were sold to Max Kat
zauer, cisar dealer. Third and Townsend
streets, who la now awaiting trial on a
charge of receiving stolen property.
Taken to Redwood City.
o«i, FR P IT « Aprlcots - 7( §°%c 'or Royals
«£?. 9 ®U C for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples,
Og(.c; Peaches, 5Vi@7c; Penrs, 5@9c; Nec
tarines. 4(&»%c for white; Figs, white. 4%®
4%c in boxes; Plums, pitted,. 5@7c per lb
PRUNES— 1903 crop, 2%@3c for the 'four
sizes; 1D02 crop. 2%©2%c for the four slie*.
, RAISINS — 1003 prices are as follows; Two
crown, a&HYiC; three-crown 6ii®6ViC: four
crown. C%@7c.
NUTS — Walnuts. No. 1 softshell, 12%c; No.
2. 10%c; No. 1 hardshell -12c; No. 2 10c; new
Almonds., lie for Nonparlels 10%c for I X L
10V4c for Ne Plus Ultras and 8%'c for Langue
doc; Peanuts, 5@7c for Eastern; Pecans 110
13c; Cocoanuts $4 50®5. '
HONEY— Comb, new. 12%@13%c for white
'and 0@llc for amber: new water white ex
tracted, 5%ipti%c; light amber extracted 5c:
dark. 3%@4%c. ' '
BEESWAX- 27029c per lb. ";, J
Dried Fruits f Nuts, Raisins, Honey
• THURSDAY. Sept. 24—2 p.m.
UNITED STATES BONDS. .
Bld.Ask.f S . 7 Bid. Ask.
i 4s qr coup.. — ¦ — ' 4s. qr c (new) * — * . — '.
4s qr reg .... — . — [3s qr coup.. 107 — '
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. — .— Do., 5s .... — —
Bay CPC 5s.lO4%106 Do con 6s.lO3 105
Cal C G 5S..1Q3U —¦. OW'C;J|- —
Cal G & E g Oceanic S 5s — — .
m & ct 5s. — — Om C R 6s. — —
Cal-st. Ba...... — — Pac G Im 4s — — .
C C AVat 5s. — — ¦ P E Ry Bs.. — . —
Ed L & P 6s. — P & C H 6s. — —
F tt C H 6s. — — P&OR6S. — —
Geary-st 5»,. — — • Powell-st 6s. — — .
HC & 8 5^s — — 3 E G&R 5s — 103
H C & 8 Bs.101 102% SP.&SJV Bs.l2OVil21
Hon R T f*. '— — S R of C 6s. — —
L A Elec Ba. — 105 8P«A 6s
L A Ry Bs.llB 116V4 ¦fl909> ....— —
L A L Co 6s — — "(1010) lC8%109Ji
Do gtd 6s. — — S~T>.nt C 6s
Do gtd Bs. — — (19O6)Sr A.104% —
LAP Icm 5a. — — <1805)Sr B.105 —
Mkt-st C 6s.ll8 — (1006) ....107^i —
Do Icm 6s— 115ft (1912) .... — —
NHR of C 6slO7 — SPC 1- eg Bs. — 119
NRC of C BsllS — . Do stmpd . — —
N.PCRSa. — — S I* It II r 6» — —
NCR 5s... — — S V W^at 6s.lO5 . 106
N C P C Bs. — 101% Do 4s 2dm.lOO 100^4
N S R 5s... 09H — Do 4s 3dm. — 100
O O L H os. — — gtkn G&E 6s — —
O T Co 6s... — 122 IT G & E 5s. — —
WATER "STOCKS. "
Contra Costa 50 62Vi(Port -Costa . — —
Marln Co ... SO — |Spririg Val . 84 &ili
GAS AND ELECTRIC. ' v
Cent L & P. — 5 ISac E G & R — —
Equit Gas... — — SFGtK..- 68
Mutual B L. 12 13 R F Gas ... — —
Pac G Imp.. Mft — Stock G & E — —
Pac Lighting M^, — jjj p & E — —
TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES.
SFG&E..C7 67%f
• INSURANCE.
Flrem'a Fnd. — 350 1
x5AISiV clUvKt.
Am Nat Bk. — — (L P & A .. — — " r
Anglo-Cal .. — 97^ Mer Trust ..230 —
Bank of Cal. 540 — Merch Ex .. — —
Cal Safe Dp. — — S F Natlonl — —
First Natlonl — — I •
SAVINGS. BANKS.
Ger S &. I.'. — — tSav & L Soc 95 , —
Hum S & U — — Sec Sav Bk. — —
Mutual Sav. — — Union T Co. — —
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..1!>8 205 IPresldlo .... — 41
Geary — — I
POWDER. t
Giant C5 67%/Vlgorit 4^ 5
SUGAR
Hana P Co.. T.Oc 75c Kilauea S C. — —
Hawaiian C. 45 Vi — Makaweli C. 21 —
Honokaa S C 1S% 14 Onomea S C. 32% —
Hutch SPC 12% 13% Paauhau S C lfl% 17U
MISCELLANEOUS.
! Alaska Pack.157%158 Oceanic S C. — —
Cal Fruit As. U<>Vi — Pac A F A.. 2% —
1 Cal Wine As. — U7Vi Pac C Borax.107 —
Morning Session.
Board —
ltO Alaska Packers' Assn 157 00
250 California Fruit Canners (s 00). Wi CO
2O Honokaa Co 13 75
52.000 S F * 8 J V 12O 5O
45 S V Water 84 60
55 Trustees' certificates S F G & E 67 75
10 Trustees' certificates S F G & E 67 60
¦ ¦ Street — •
125 California Fruit Canners DC 50
$3,000 Okland Transit Co 6a 121 00
$5,000 S P Cal 1st con 5s (stmped). . . .108 0O
Afternoon Session.
Board —
40 Alaska Packers' Assn 158 00
25 Alaska Packers' Assn 157 75
10 Alaska Packer's Assn (B 6) 138 CO
200 Hana Plantation Co 25c
20 Mutual Electric Light 12 50
40 Onomea Sugar Co 32 5O
10 S V Water 84 0«»
5I> Trustees' certificates S F G * E 67 5O
><5 Trustees' certificates 8 F G & E B7 25
$10,000 U S 2s (reg) 108 87%
Street—
J10.000 S X 4s (2d mortgage) cash 100 00
California Stock and Oil Exchange
Oil Stocks — Bid. . Asked.
Caribou Oil Co 1 05 1 10
Four Oil t» 70
Hanford Oil 130 00 140 CO
Home Oil 80^ 90
Imperial Oil 19 0O
Independence Oil 17 .10
Junction Oil 21
Kern Oil 5 00
Lion Oil «5 04
Monte Cristo Oil 74 77%
Monarch OH.-. 53 54
Oil City Petroleum..' 28 29
Peerless Oil 14 0O 14 25
Reed Crude Oil 43 OO
San Joaquln OH 5 5ft
Sterling Oil "2 75
Thirty-three Oil 7 25 8 00
Twenty-eight Oil 4 00 4 75
Union Oil ¦« CS 00
United Petroleum 100 OO
West Shore Oil 2 00 3 25
Miscellaneous^ —
Abby Land and Improvement 1 4Q . .1 50
AUmeda Sugar ...- . 2!) 0O
American Biscuit SS 00 ; 95 00
American District Tel
Bay Counties Power
Cal Central Gas and Electric
Cal Cotton Mills 88 00
Cal Jockey Club 103 OO
Cal Powder ••«•
Cal Shipping Co 25 00
Cat Title Ina and Trust ISO 00 140 OO
Central Bank of Oakland 6O OO .......
' Chute Company 8 25 - _ .....
City and County Bank ......
Cypress Lawn Imp Co 6 25
Eastern Dynamite....
: Ewa Sugar Plantation ..... ".....'
Equitable (Pool) Gas .....
Gas Consumers' Assn :... 22 W>
Honolulu Sugar 18 00
London" and S F Bank'(Ld-)
Mercantile Trust
Northern Cal .Power 8 «*> 0 50
Nevada National Bank . ....
North Shore Railroad... 300
Orpheum Comrjpy 15 25
Pacific States Tel and Tel 122 50
Paraffins Paint ......33 00 •-•v i _
Postal Device and Imp '. •
San Francisco Dry Dock...'.. 47 CO . V
Sausalito Land and Ferry... 1« W>
Sperry Flour Company.: 27 50 SOW)
Standard Electric 18 00
Truckee Electric.;........... 13 CO 15 CO
Union Suijar 22 5rt
United Gi* and Electric..:.' S4 50
.Western Fleh Company...
I ' % . ..iSALES.
j • . • Morning Session.
1 ' Board—
1 300 Alma V 135
t r.00 Caribou r.r. ;.;...- "• 1 10
; SCO Bay city... • - ••- es
• ROO Superior 07
1C0O Oil City Petroleum. 29
. ,.--¦- Street— "
100 Home 9..
300 Home (s 30)..: 90
1 Afternoon Session.
Board— y
! 600 Sovereign 40
Stock and. Bond Exchange.
<120th Meridian— Pacific TtmO
SAX FRANCISCO. Sept. 24— 5 p. m.
COAST RECORD.
~= K K 5 2 5
0 c'l t'H. -5 <| £
¦ STATION. I I § * § |s *•¦!- I
• ? ? • •
I T' lkp «- -0.00 72 4*» N Cloudy
i arson L-O.Stt M 4<5 ICE Clear" .€0
< fscpnt SO.C3 60 52 W Pt Cldy .16
!; Iirpk * "0 <V t50 f.4 N near -.00
Jaralloo 2:».S4 6« 64 NW Clear .CO
Tf" 5 " 0 &¦'% "2 M W Clear .<*>
r.sjjtafT 29.9S 88 3S E Cloudy .41
inOj^-ridpr.rp .20 >n S2 5S NE Clcudy .CO
I^>s ABE5:es..*.1«.S4 S* «0 \v Pt Cidy .01
Mt. Tainc!;.s.:?2i>>^ Krt «S KW Clear • .00
N^rih H*ad ...to. 1O :*5 M jffVT (hou-ly .OS
I ho*-nix St.74 !N «t w Clear .*«
r«cmteUo ! ;«UV2S.W SO 44 -SW Clear XO
I'ortlaiid ..,..30.«vi 74 .•«« W Clcudy .04
rnSnt Reyes . .2S.7H M'C2 N C'.ear 00
Rfd Bluff 29.76 Ws t'M N C'.oar 00
J>swbur» no.i«; « r>S N 'Clear .00
..2^.7<5 i»O S6 N* Clear <H>
Talt Lake ...!». 11O SO 52 NW <1rar .0<i
S^.in Krnr.cisoo.2n.Kt «; r><» FW Clear 00
Sv L: «'Aispo..2:t.KS 72 4S S Clear* .00
Diego ...2:«.S4 72 Cti KW Pt Cldy .0,0
Htattie SO.uj «ift fi» N Rain .2rt
2».mi ~a w> 8W Cloudy .CO
AVal'.a Walla. 2!».:t2 7« «0 SIV Cloudy .f»0
V.irin«»niucca .23.i<2 M 4« XW «Tloudy .«>0
Vuma a«.74 UtJ ««i S\V Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has fallen along the coast of
California north of San Francisco. Cloudy,
i-nsrf-ttle<1 weather rrevails Jn Southern Cali-
JVrn'a. Nc-vaaa and Arizona. Heavy rains
l^ve fjtllfTi h: riagstan* and El Paso. Thun
dfr storms ar« revolted at Los Angeles. Flag-
Maflf and Kl Paso. . Raisin makers In the San
Josquin Valley should be T'repared to stack on
Ebort notice The following high windjs are
lM-orted: Eureka. 44 mllea> per hour from the
ii<;rtfc»**t: Sfattl". 32 miles from the north;
Ki l'Ki-o, 34 ea»>t.
frrecaKt made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, onding midnight, September 25:
Northern California— Fair Friday; brisk
northerly winds; wanner.
* Soitbcm California — Cloudy, unsettled
V'aifcrr Friday; probably showers: fresh
ECStbweat wmds. Fruit driern should cover.
N'-vada — Ctoofly Friday, with showers In
¦outbero portion.
S*n Francisco and vicinity — Fair Friday, be
(onijne cloudy at night: warmer; fresh south
' < r y w:n<ls. char.King to brisk westerly.
A G McADIE District Forecaster.
CHICAGO. Sept. 24.— The Northwestern
markets showed strength and St. Louis was
better, and this, with relatively, firm cables,
started shorts to covering. There was also a
fair demand for long account. December open
ing about steady at 77%@77%c. was bulled to
77Sc early and the general tone showed im
provement. It soon became apparent that there
was no outside support and general liquida
tion and only ceased when the December op
tion had receded to 76 The weakness in
corn had no influence whatever and the gen
eral news was bearish. Some buying ' on the
decline, influenced to some degree by an urgent
cash demand from Minneapolis, caused part of
the loss to be regained at the close, with a
Etcadler tone.' •December finished at 70%@
7C>4c. a loss of %c
There was .firmness* In corn at one time and
after an early slump prices went slightly over
the opening. Commission house buying on the
decline, with light offerings, were the influ
ences and aside from these there ¦ was little
to give strength to ' the market. December
closed at 45%@45%c. a net loss of l%c.
In sympathy with other grains, oats devel
oped weakness and prices broke moderately.
December close*? off %c at 37i,@37V4c
Packers were heavy sellers of provisions
and the market was weak, although quite ac
tive at the close. Trading- consisted chiefly
of covering by shorts in the nearby months and
liquidation In the instant futures and tho
prices throughout the day. ruled lower. Oc
tober pork closed 70c down and ribs 10@12Hc
lower.
Ths leading futures ranged as follows:
Chicago Grain Market.
Bid.Ask. Bid.Ask.
Colehan 17 23 Ton BelmontU 25 1 5<>
Esperanza ... 02 03 Ton & Cal... 27 3»
Gold Mt Con. — 10'Ton Gt West. — «»
Lucky Tom C 02 10|Ton of Nev.. — 8 ®*
MacNamara . 14 l«5iTon N Star.. 3O .>-
Montana Ton. 9O »l.Ton Midway.. 43 4o
Paymaster ... 11 12iTcn A S L*k» — «
Pirle Grove... 61 €3iUnlted Ton... W J*
Rescu 08 101
THURSDAY, S«T?t. 24—4 p. m. i
Bid. Ask. t Bid. Ask.
Alpha ...?... 08 CO'julia 03 04
Alt* 04 06!Justice 07 Ct)
Andes 13 16,Kentuck (tt 04
Belcher 25 23 [Keys Gra*a»lr «3 64
Best & Belch.l 55 1 70^Mexlcan 1 10 1 15
Bullion 19 20'Occidental ... 31 .TJ
Caledonia 84 M pphir 1 70 1 75
Challenge Con 30 32 Overman .... 23 24
Chollar 21 22 Potosi 22 »
Confidence ... '80 9Oi Savage 24 2."»
Con Cal & Va.1 45 1 SO Scorpion 02 «4
Con Imperial . (H WV i>s Belcher. .Oft 1»
Con N York.. 22 24 Flerra Nev... «1. Hi
Crown Point. 13 14 Silver Hill... «2 KJ
Eureka Con.. 40 80 St I»uis 1« is
Exchequer ...- 10 13 Pyndicat* — 0<;
Oould & Cur. 22 2H Union Con 73 7*
Hale & Nqrc. 4.H 61 j Utah 14 J.»
Lady Wash.. 02 04-YeHow Jacket 49 T*»
TONOPAH MINES.
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Weather Report.
Manhattan L. 3.500 131 T, 131 131
Met St Ry ex div.. 6.100 100% 108 1< -iVi
Minn* & St L 52
Missouri Pac .. 33.K00 S9V4 87\i Sl%
MK&T 1.600 1S»4 17Va iT-, t
M K & T pfd.. l."00 3»j^i 85 35
N H R of M pfd.".. 100 38 38 . 37^
N Y Central 16,500 110U 115 115
Nor & West 9,500 59?;i B8U 5Sft
Nor & West pfd... 100 SSS SS 8S
Ontario & West.... 3.500 2OT6 20 20
P*nns-y»vap.ia 60,700 121 14 11»H U»*fe
P C C & St L 700 tiOVi 60 68«
Rrading 80. 700 4Si£ 45%1 45%
Reading 1st pfd ... 600 75 75 70
Reading 2d pfd 200 67 C7 65
R Island Co 56,600 25*» 23«i 2-JW
R Island Co pfd... 1,500 tH)H f*9^ 69'
St L & S F 64
St L & S F 1st pfd. 65
St L & S F 2d pfd. 1.200 4714 • 43V4 44
St L S W «.200 13^ 13 1SU
St L S W pfd 2.800 31 29H 20
St Paul 40,100 139 136^ VM*.
St Paul pfd 1
South Pac 14.K00 40*4 40 40
Pouth Ry 10.200 19^g 18'4 1KV4
p.uth Ry pfd 100 81 79 10%
Tex & Hac 3,100 24>i 22»& 22<fc,
T St L & West 200 16 16 15
T St L. & West pfd. 100 25>4 23Vi 20
X'nlon Pacific ..... 65,100 71 *, GOVi 69
Union Pacific pfd.. 300 851^ 83 $4\
Wabash tW> 20 18% 19%!
Wabash pfd 8,500'- 31 293-4 20*4 !
Whe^nnK & L Erie ¦ 2UO -1« 15>4 15>i |
Wif ccnsln Central . 700 17 lt5H l«',i I
Wisconsin Cent pfd 34 ;
Express Companies — . 1
Adams 223
American 100 185 . 185 '175
United States 102 '
Wells Fargo 195
Miacellaneous — " 1
Am.il Copper 58,50rt 42 4IH4 40»4 i
AmerC & F 3,100 25 24^ 24^4 |
Arner C & F pfd.. 700 ' 77«i 77V4 ~7Vj
Amcr Lin Oil .1.600 10-* -10 9
Amer Lin Oil pfd " 2<*
Amer Loco 2,600 16»£ 15 Vi 15^4
Amer Loco pfd .. 200 £3^ 83>* . 82Vi |
Amer Smelt A R. 1.SO0 42 41 41
Amer S & R pfd.. 200 SS SS 87U I
Amer Sugar Ref .. S,3<*) 111^ ll*»Vi 110^,
Anaconda Min Co. 400 69^ 09 «f>^
Brooklyn Rap Tran 10.500 36»i 35Vi »H
Colo Fuel A Iron.. 400 42 41V4 41%
Ootombus & H C. * 12
Consolidated Gas.. 2,000 ltt» I«l 1SH
General Electric .. 2,400 149V4 147«4 H6V4
Inter Pap«>r 200 11 14 11 *, 11
Inter Paper pfd... 200 62 G2 . 62
Inter Pump • .... 33% '
Inter Pump pfd 70
National Blscolt .. WO -37«4 37 37
National Lead 4ft<> l.'M,± 13^ 13
North American . . flOO 72 ~0\% 70«,
Pacific Mail ROO 20 IS 17H \
People's Gas 2.600 92 SWU, 90^ j
Pressed Ste«4 Car. »<¥> Xt\ -'«W, 33
Pressed Ste»-1 C pfd 600 76* 4 75Vi 75t£
Pullman Pal Car 208
Republic Steel ... 2,400 «% 9 9
H-rpublie Steel pfd. l.«>0 ' «2 .¦ €014 ftl
Rubber Goods 200 15% »5\J 15
Rubter Goods rfd- 100 7O 70 09*6
Tenn CoaJ & Iron. 3.400 3*fc 32*i 32>i
U S Leather 2.7<*l 7 6Ti 7
V S Leather pfd .. 1,300 70% 75H 7S^4
V S Rubber '2
I' R Rubber pfd •>'
V S Steel .- 43.400 IS 17 17
V S Steel pfd .... 4«.50O 67% 63 W
Western 1,'nion ... 200 82 82 82
Total shares sold. 844.500
UNITED RAILROADfe. OF SAN FItANCISCO.
NEW YORK. Sept. 24.— Bond transactions
of United Railroads of San Francisco were
$24,000 at $79 *£\i and $3000 at $79 50.
NEW YORK CLOSING STOCKS.
Atrhison fi2>4! Union Pac pfd ... 83
Atchison pfd K8Sti Wabagh 18%
Baltimore & O. . . 74>'i!' xv)s Central n;i.
Canadian Pac liaH. Miscellaneous —
Chicago & Alton. 19^ Amal <:op 40U
Chi & Alton pfd. 02 !Amer Car & Fou. 24%
Thi & N W l54Ui'Amer Loco I5Va j
?Colorado South... 11 ! -! Am Sm!t & R*f. 41 ;
Den & R G 21 A Sm'.t & Re p»d. 8«
T*en & RG pfd... * ' Brkln Rap Tm... X\%
Erie 24W, ICol Fuel & Iron. 42
Illinois ("en 127*4 Inter Paper UVi
Ivculsville & N... 99ijNat Biscuit 37
Manhattan L ...131 Nat Lead 13
Metropolitan St RlW«i Nor Securities ... 8fttf
Mex Central 11 V. Pac Mail IS
Missouri Pac S7 I i l ,P«*ople < 8 Gas 00U
i N Y Central 115Vi iPress Steel Car. . . 33^
Pennsylvania .:. -119S. Pullman P Car... 211
' KeaditiK 45*. ¦ Standard Oil C05
' ftock Island 2"5'i Sugar ." 110%
Rock IMand pfd.. 59^ Ten Conl & Iron. **S
St Paul 136* US Steel 17
Southern Pacific. 40% |U S Steel pfd ... fi3.
Southern Ry I8V4 ; Western Union . 82 '
L'nion Pac C9U'
NEVl T YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s. rer..lO8^ Hock Val 4V4s-.105
Do 2*. coup.. ..109 L & >T uni 4s 9H
Do 3s, reg ....109H Manhattan eg 4s.l0Ui
Do 3e, coud ..109»i Mexican Cen 4a.. 71*'*
Do new 4s, Rg.lSSfc MexicanC 1st inc. 13X,
Do new4s.coup.l3S*' X !Mlnn & S L -Is.. 95$.
Do old 4s. reg. 1 11 U Ho, K & T 4s flS
Do old ts. coup-lllHiMo. K & T 2ds.. 77
Do 5s. reg lU2«,i;N of Mex con 4s. 74 hi
Do Bs. coud ..102Vj : NY C gen 3Vis-- O-^vi
Atchison gen 4a.. V»»slN J Cen Ben 5s.l27<i
Atchison adj 4s... 60 | No Pacific 43 ....101
Atlantic C L 4s... 90^ No Pacific 3s 70^
B & Ohio 4s 101 «i Nor & W con 4s. W%
B & Ohio 3>4*.... 92'ilOr S I, 4s ft par. R»
On of Ga 5* loS^iPenn conv 3«-is, 95«.i
«"en of Ga 1st inc. 72 Reading k«i 4s. 74'.^
Chea & O 4<4s....l01 St L A IM con 5e.I109 t
Chi & Alton .{'is. 72% St I- '& £F ts. 4a. W
I i\ n & Q new 4s.. Itl St L S W lets-:. 92>i
j C. M&FtP gen 4s. 104 ¦<, Seaboard A L 4s. 76
I (hi & NW con 7s. 130% So Pacific 4s.... K6Vi
«'. R I & P 4«.... 71 Ko Ry 5s 112^,
C R I&P col 5s. 73>i T & P 1st* lJ4*i
CCCASt L gen 4s. '.<Z\ T. StI- & W 4s... 70
Chicago Ter 4»... 71 j t.'nlon Pac 4» .. 99>4
Con Tob 4s .Vl^t, I'nlon P cor.v 4s. 03
Colo & So 4« MUIU S Steel 2d Os.. 72
Den & R G 4s... HO j Wabash lsts 114
Erie prior lien 4s. StiV Wabash Deb B.. 53%
Erie Ken 4s .... R2V Wheel & L E 4s.' Hiy,
Ft W & D C lst.lO2?i:Wis Cen 4s 89
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Cen 10 I Little Chief 06
Alice 17 Ontario . 4 85
nreece 15 Ophlr 1 80
Brunswick Con .. C5 j Phoenix C8
Com Tun O6ViiI'otc*i 20
f! C A Va ....1ST. Savage 23
Horn Silver 100 Sierra Nev ..... RS •
Iron PMver 1 1*0 Small Hopes ... 20
Leadville Con .. 02 Standard 3 00
BOSTON STOCKS AND JBONDS.
Money — 1 ' Do pfd . 6.'J
rail loans 4 65 Westlnghse com.: 70
Virr.e loans 5^4SC Mlnlns —
Uonds — Adventure 5
Atchison i* 07^ Allouez 4^4
Mexican Cen 4s. 72 (Amalgamated 40%
Kallrtads — !Daly West- 38li
Atrhison fi2%!Bini?ham 21^4
Do pfd .... KSy, Calumet & Hrcia.410
Boston & Albany. 248 (Centennial IB
Boston & Maine. 167 Copper Ranc<! ... 4S
Boston Elevated.. 136 Dominion Coal .. 72Vi
N Y N H & H..103^lFranklln 8
Fltchburg prd ..134 jlsle Royale rt
Union Pacific ... OV4;Otd Dominion .. 7>4
Mtsrellaneoufi — Parrot 17ii
Ar:.^ifan Sugar. .110% jQuincy *."•
Do pfd US Santa Fe Copper. 1%
Amer Tel A Tel. 125% Tamarack 81
Pom I A Steel... 11^ Trinity 6%
General Electric. .14« United States ... 18%
Mass Electric ... 17 H Utah ... 23%
"Do pfd 77»4 Victoria 3^4
United Fruit 09 Winona ......... 6*4
V S Ste«l 77 Wolverine 63
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Con for money. 8S 7-16 IN Y Central ....119
Con for account88 7-16INorfolk & West. 6Ui
Anaconda, 3Ht Do pfd 1)0^
AtchlBon C5% Ontarco & West. 21H
Do 1>M 01 Pennsylvania *'<l\
Bait a. Oliio .... 7N»i Hand Mines .... 0V4
Canadian Pacific. 124% Reading 24%
Cnes& Ohio 40V4 Do lst'r»fd "....'39
Chicago G West/ 15% Do 2d pfd .... 34%
Chi Mil & St P.142H Southern Ry '.... 19%
DeBeers 15% .Do pfd 83^
Denver t R C. » Southern PAcirtc. 41 V,
1 1 1 I IPlliHill laPiIlT PHif I MiT m i in In \\lt»i 'ill' t iW'fWlll* 1
In the afternoon. Alaska Packers advanced
etil further to $158. Spring Valley Water was
lower at $84 and the Gas Certificates at. $67 50
€67 23. • . . . , .
Standard Consolidated Mining Company was
ex-dlvidend-of 10c yesterday. -.
Tho Security Savings Bank has decided .to
increase its capital from $300,000 In 1200 shares
of. a par value of $250 each to $1,600,000 in 4000
shares of $250 each. It is understood that 800
new shares will shortly be issued, -this increas
ing the paid-up capital t» $500,000. and that
the. new stock will probably be offered to share
holders of record at (375 per share. As the
book -Value of the shares <le about •* $410 per
share, the "rights'.', to the pew stock, will be
of value-.- Plans are now almost complete fer
the erection of a building on the Montgomery
street site recently ' bought by- the bank from
the Merchants' Exchange. ¦ » • „ •
Business on the morning session of the Bond
Exchange continued light. The -only feature
was a- sharp advance in' Alaska Packers from'
$154 to $157, due probably to the good showing
the 1 association Is now making. 'The salmon
market . Is in excellent shape and the associa
tion controls the bulk of the supply of Alaskan
fish. Contra Costa Water was firmer at $50
bid and there was a sale of California Fruit
Canners at $96 50. The oil stocks continued
dull. <¦- '
EVAPORATED APPLES*-The market was
quiet. Arrivals of new crop continue light
and of unattractive quality. Old fruit, is in
light demand and rules about steady. Com
mon are quoted at 4te5c: prime, 5%®>5»ic;
choice. 6<S6»^c; fancy. C*i@7Hc.
PRUNES — Spot prunes attract a moderate
Jobbing Inquiry and ruled steady to firm. Quo
tations range from 3V«67c for all grades.
APRICOTS — Steady to firm. Choice quoted
at J>U ( 6^!V 4 c; extra choice, 0%@10V4c; fancy,
10Mi®12e.
PEACHES— In fair demand and firm. Choice.
7Vi@7 ! 5ic; extra choice. ~%Q$\c.
DRIED FRUITS.
Do Pfd 76% Union Pacific ... 73?i
Erie 26% Do pf d 88
Do 1st ptd 66^ U S Steel 18
Do zd pfd 48H Do prd ........ 69
Illinois Central... 132% Wabaeh ... 20
Louis & Na»h...lO3 Do pfd 32
Mo Kan & Texas. 10
¦»^ ar 8Uver - flrn », 27 9-16d per ounce. Money,
3S4 per cent. The rate of discount in the
open market for short bills is 4 per cent, and
for three months 1 bills is 4@4ft per cent.
Netv York Grain and Produce.
1fi^W. TORK. Sept. 24.— FLOUR-Recelpts.
1 . * barrels; export*. 9100 barrels. Neg
lected and easier.
\VHEAT— Receipts. 24.500 bushels. Spot,
easier. .No. 2 red. 80%c elevator and 8l%c f.
o. b. afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth. S8%c.f.
o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Manitoba. OO^c f. o.
p. anoat. On rumors of big export orders
in tae market wheat Ignored all bear news
this morning and ruled firmer at a slight ad
vance. After midday, however it collapsed
under a bear raid and was weak all the
afternoon, closing %®%c net lower. May. 83
eS4Uc. closed fcl^c; September. 82%®83'&c,
closed 62^c; December. 82 0-16@83 13-16c.
closed 82 %c.
HOPS— Steady.
HIDES— Steady.
WOOL— Steady.
PETROLEUM— Steady.
COFFEE— Spot Rio. steady; ' No. 7 invoice,
5 5-16c. Mild, steady. Futures closed easy,
net 10015 points lower. Sales, 27.250 bags,
including: October. 4.30c; November. 4.40®
4.45c; December 4.75c; January 4.6O@4.85c;
March, 4.95«}5.00c. .
SUGAR— Raw. firm. Reflned. firm.
Open. High. Ix>w. Close.
December ..$1 10»i $1 10% $1 10 $l 10
OATS — The Montara brought up from the
lower coast 22,705 ctls. and although some of
this large line had been sold prior to arrival
and some of it will be placed in warehouse,
the market felt the effects of the influx and
weakened. There was no ' actual decline, but
holders were offering freely to buyers, who
held off for lower prlce3. The weakness- in
wheat and barley Is also affecting the mar
ket, which seems on the verge of a decline.
White. $1 20®l 32i*i ; Black, SI 45'al t>5:
Red. $1 200? 1 22>-i for common and $1 25@1 35
for choice: Gray. $1 27>4 per. ctl.
CORN — Like the other grains. Ib weak, with
sellers more than willing to meet buyers.
Western, sacked, $1 4"Ji«|(gl 45 for Yellow,
$1 42M for White and $1 40 for mixed; Cali
fornia large Yellow, $1 r.(Wft 55; small round
do. $1 "Oigl 75; White. $1 55 per ctl.
RYE— $1 25<gl 30 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— *2 25®2 50 per ctl.
2 p. , m. Session.
. . FUTURES..
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. I Low. Close
December ..$1 4Hi $1 4Ui fi 40 $1 40*4
May 1 41V4 141% 141 141
2 p. m. Session.
December — $1 4OV3-
BARLEY — The Montara brought up from the
lower coast 33.730 ctls. of which 12.000 will
go en this market and the balance be taken
to Port Costa for shipment. The market was
very weak, and both cash grain and futures
were lower.
CASH BARLEY. w
Feed. $1 ll^l 1314; Shipping and Brewing,
$1 17V4@1 22 Vj; Chevalier. $1 2U@l 50 for fair
to choice.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to ll:30-.a.- m.
Open. High. ' Low. Close
December- ..$1 12'i ?1 12>4 $1 10% $1 10%
California Club, $1 45@1 50; California White
Australian, $1 554?1 60; Northern Club, $1 45@
1 47 1 ,*.; Northern Blue Stem, $1 65@1 57%; Ore
gon Valley, $1 50 per ctl. " .
Chicago was lc off. There was no news
from the East except that some of the mills
at Minneapolis were still running, notably the
small ones, the Washburn mills and four of
the PUIsbury's. Otherwise the mills were
closed down by the labor strike. The Cincin
nati Price Current says there Is no good rea
son for regarding the Wheat crop of this
country as less than 670,000.000 bushels, while
the domestic consumption will bo about. 450,
000,000 bushels, leaving, with reserves the
same as last year. an. exportable surplus of
£20.000,000. The exports last season were but
203,000,000, while during the first two months
of the present season we have shipped some
20,000,000 bushels less than during the cor
responding period last season. "There ap
pears to be nothing in sight," says' the Price
Current, "to indicate that importing countries
will require more Wheat this year than last,
from- this country."
This market is flat and weak, with still
lower futures.
CASH WHEAT.
WHEAT — Paris and Liverpool futures were
both lower.
Wheat and Other Grains.
There was a sharp advance in Silver to
69%c. Exchange remained unchanged.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days..;. — $4 83
Sterling Exchange, sight — 457
Sterling Exchange, cables .-. — 4 8S
New York Exchange, sight.. — , O7}4
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — • 10
Silver, per ounce ' — -69%
Mexican Dollars, nominal — 4UMi
Exchange and Bullion.
STRAWBERRIES— $263 per chest for Ma
lindas and $5<S!f 50 for other large varieties;
Longworths, $1(JT7 per chest!
RASPBERRIES— ?4@6 per chest. '
BLACKBERRIES— $2g3 per chest for or
dinary and *5@6 for fancy from Santa Cruz
HUCKLEBERRIES— 63Kc per lb.
APPLES — 00c(5f 1 25 per box for fancy. 500
85c for good to choice and 25040c for com
mon.
• PEARS— Bartletts, $1@1 60; winter varie
ties, 50©75c per box.
QUINCES— 40@60c per box. .
FIGS— Black, 50000c for double layers, 35®
SOc for drawers; White, 40^6Oc per box
PRUNES — 50(g75c Der box or crate.
PEACHES — Small boxes, 35@50c; carriers
40@60c; largo open boxes, 60®75c; per ton.
nominal.
POMEGRANATES— 50@75c for small boxes
and $2 for large. . - .
GRAPES— Seedless. 60<g65c per box; Isabella
C0(g75c rer crate;, other varieties, 30®40c for
small boxes;; 5C$G5c for crates and 6(*S90c
for large open boxes; Wine Grapes. $180-25 ner
ton for -Zlnfandel. .
MELONS — Cantaloupes, »1@1 60 per crate-
Nutmeg Melons, 50c@$l pet l>ox; Watermelons
10@-20c fach.
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges, $2 60@3 for fan
cy Valencia*, $2:g2 50 for choice and $1@1 60
for standard; Seedlings. $1^1 25: Lemons. Sl@
S per box; Grape Fruit. ?2<g2 60; Mexican
Limes. 50 50® ( 50; Bananas, nominal; Pine
apples, ?2g3 per dozen.
Nearly all descriptions under this head were
in ample supply and the market was quiet,
the local demand being light and there being
no inquiry for shipments. Fancy, highly col
ored Apples in 4-tIer boxes sold off well
enough and choice Bartlett Pears were steady,
but common Apples and Winter Pears were
dull. Some dealers were asking $1 75 for fine
Bartletts, but the -very best offerings from
the mountain districts could be bought at .the
top quotation. The market was overloaded
with table Grapes and there was a sharp drop
in prices, Offerings in crates were particularly
dull, and it was difficult- to obtain over 60c
per crate, for anything but Isabellas. Orders
for shipment on the Portland steamer, out .to
day, are very light. Advices from the north
pay that Portland and other northern .mar
kets are overstocked with Grapes shipped from
here and direct from the growing districts.
Supplies of Peaches were excessive, and prices
of small packages had a further decline. Oc
casional lots of Solways in bulk were received
and were sold to. the canners at $20rg25 per
ton. Prunes, Quinces, Figs and Pomegranates
were offering freely and prices stood about as
previously quoted. Melons were plentiful and
easy at previous .price*. There- were no
changes in Berries, the demand and. suDDly
about balancing. There was a fair inquiry
for choice and fancy Ora*nges for shipment to
Honolulu, .but as supplies, were ample, prices
were unchanged. Mexican Limes are selling at
easier rates. The Panama steamer brought up
346 cases. •
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Business quiet on the local exchanges.
General break in the AVw York stock market.
Stiver, makes a sharp advance to wY^c.
H heat and Barley futures lower. Corn weak.
Oats depressed and on the verge of a decline.
Corn products lower. Hay, Bran and Middlings unchanged.
Beans quieter, with a weak feeling growing.
¦Butter quiet, Eggs steady and Cheese heavily offered.
Proi'isions sharply lower at Chicago, but unchanged here.
Cattle, Sheep and Hogs as previously quoted.
Canned Salmon zee 1 1 sold off and firm.
Poultry and Game in moderate supply and steady.
Potatoes. Onions and Vegetables show little variation.
Fresh Fruit in light demand, locally and for shipment.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKET.
choice mild new shows no weakness there
are very large lines of lower grade flats and
Oregons 'offering down as low as 11 %c. and
sales were made at this figure yesterday. Thb
wide range in quotations is due entirely-- to
the wide difference in the quality of the goods
now on the market.
Receipts were 30.6C0 lbs Butter, 643 cases
Eggs and 37,200 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery. 30@31c for extras and
26@2Sc for seconds; dairy. 21@24c; store But
ter. 17%@10c- cold storage, 24@25c; Eastern.
•22@24c per lb-.
CHEESE — 12^@13c for good to choice mild
new and 11*4i^12c for lower grades: Young
America. 13©14c; Eastern. 15<gl6c: Western.
14*tl5c oer lb.
EGGS— Ranch, 87%@38i4c for large white
selected and 32H®37c for fair to choice; store.
22%@27%c; cold storage, 24®26c; Eastern,
22ft@27Hc per dozen. " '
grade* selling - at . an advance of- 6 per cent.
Cape of Good Hope and Natal grades were un
changed.
St. Louis Ufool Market.
ST. LOUIS. Sept. 24.— Wool".' quiet. ' Med
ium grades combing closed at 16<S*21c: light
fine, 15@17>4c; heavy fine. 12@14%c; tub
washed. 20@30c.
New York Cotton] Market.
NEW YORK. Sept. 24.— The cotton market
opened steady at a decline of 9 points' to an
advance of 1 point and closed easier, net 9 to
23 points lower. . . •¦ . •-. .
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were tha sales on ths Padfla Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
: 200 Caledonia .... 83f 200 Mexican -r . * 10
200 Chollar ...... 22 100 Ophlr . _*,..! 10
10OCCA V...1 42V> 300 Potosl ..~.~ 23
500 Con N T 241 BOO Savage. »..*•• 29
300 Gould & C... 23 800 Union Con. « 72
500 Mexican ...1 12ft I 500 Utah »¦...,— 15
Afternoon Session. "2 • I -
800 Andes 16 100 Ophlr ....... .1 70
100 C C tt V 143 200 Potos! 23
200 Crown Pt.... 14 200 Sierra 2* .... VI
200 Gould & C... 23 200 Pllver KIM... «4
400. Justice 08 20ft Union. Con .. 72
200 Mexican ...1 12Vjl 800 Yellow J O
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE. .
The following were the sales on the Tonopah,
and San Francisco Mining Exchange yesterday:
... . . Morning Session.
1500 Cen Eureka . 84 3C0 Rescue 09
2000 Esperanza ... 03 100 Ton & Cal... 23
100 M Ton 90 100 Ton A Cal... 29
250 M Ton 89 10O Ton N Star... 30
600 Rescue 10 130O Ton N Star. . . 31
Afternoon Session.
8000 Eeperanza ... 03 100 Ton * Cal. .- 28
11 Mon Ton 05 200 Ton & Cal. . . . 2>
600 Mon Ton . 91 TOO Ton N Star... 3t
600 Paymaster ... 12 SCO Ton N Star. . . 33
irornlo? BeaslOQ.
1000 Alpha ....... OS 80OC*rowa £%.„ 14
10O Belcher .-?... 20 200 Gould A C*,» 24
200 Chal Con..,,. 81 200 Ovenaaa j«ja 33
200 O O & v-.....* 45 100 Silver "<nj «*
200 Con, K Y.,«. 23 900 Utah -ti 14
Afternoon Session.
1000 Bunion,.***. 00 200 6*va«s ««-• 29
400 CC& V......1 43 W0 Be* Bafo&SC 10
600 Con Imperial. 04 100 Starr* N *»« 83
200 Crown Pt.... 14 COO Utah ,.. . im 1*
100 Exchequer ._ 12 100 TeUow Jmm, 49
SAN 1 FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHJe«MV :
Following were th« sales cri the Ska Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange board yesterdayi
15 Sterling -iin inn i i..j * B0
600 Caribou ~Z.Zl7Zim~*.m,n-7>l «£&
100 Home -tiniiiciiirii la it i 80
200 Horn* (s 9tn.. .'.'.. --¦ r -^ZrZm 8**4
Street—
200 Esperanza , , mmim^ gr> t
Mining Stocfte* '
THE SAN FBANGISCO CALL, 1RIDAY, SEPTEMBER 25, 1903.
LOCAL MARKETS.
FOR TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 24.
Flour, qr sks... 11,056 Feed, sks.. „„»... 21
Wheat, ctls S.lOelHops. baJes...— 62«
Barley, ctls 7.240JWooI. bales 81
Oats, ctls 470 Broom Corn, bdl 300
Rye. ctls 429 Shorts, sks..._ 25
Beans, sks „ 4.200,Pelts. No 400
Potatoes, sks... 2.230 Hides. No... ... 1.496
Onions, sks 1.010 Leather, rolls... 129
Corn, ctls . .600 Wine. sals..... 16.550
Bran, sks ? • 630 Tallow, ctls. .... 20
Middlings, sk*. . 600 Lime, bbls: '¦-' 408
Hay, tons 1,264 Powder, car.... i,-l*
Straw, tons 15
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks... 4,080/
Receipts of Produce.
6.10c; boxes. 6.35c per lb. Ko orders taken tor
less than seventy-flve barrels or lta equivalent.
CANNED SALMON'— The Alaska Packers'
Association has named $1 80 as the opening
price for Red Alaska. Tola is 35c higher than
the . opening price last year. The> pack or
Alaska Red this year is about 1,650.000 cases.
?f which the association puts up 1,000,000. Of
he 650,000 cases put up by the outside ca«
ners all but 1B0.000 is said to be already sold.
No Finks or Chums were sacked this year.
According to current estimates the coast
salmon pack this year will be about 3,400,000
cases, tea Ins t about 4.260.000 last year and
5.041.000 in 1901. The markets are reported
very strong, especially in England, where
prices have advanced sharply of late, as al
ready mentioned.
STOCK MARKET,
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
13
OCEAN TBAVEL.
-^^"jts^ Steamers leave San Fran-
• y'rN'O^-SH^V Cisco as follows:
&%_ XiffV For Ketchikan. Wrangal.
/OY^SSFSSa \-*\ Juneau. Hainrs. Skagway.
1/ Vw«kH | \ etc.. Alaska— 11 a. ta., Sept.
I I \*aSSS&/ / 18. 23, JS, Oct. 3. Change
\tf\ \\ ~*dl to company* a steamers at
V*O' SGI Seattle
x^Am^v' For Victoria. Vancouver.
»i=i-^ Port Townsend, Seattle. Ta-
coma. Everett. "Whatcom — 11 a. m.. Sept. 19.
23. 28. Oct. 3. Change at Seattle to this com-
pany's steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry. i at
Seattle for Tacoma to N. P..Ry.; at Vancou-
ver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— Pomona. 1:30
p. m., Sept. 10. 23. Oct. 1: Corona, 1:30 p. m..
Sept. 22. 28, Oct. 4.
For Loa Angeles (via Port Los Angeles and
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara —
Santa Rosa. Sundays, f> a. m.
State of California. Thursdays. » a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey, San Simecn. Cayucos, Port Harford (San
Luis Obispo). Ventura and Hueneme.
Coos Bay. 0 a. m.. Sept. 22. 30, Oct. 8.
Bonita, » a. m.. Sept. IS, 2fi. Oct. 4.
For Ensenada, Maitdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz, Santa Ro-
salia. Guaymas (Mex.). 1O . m.. 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain folder.
Right 13 reserved to change steamers or sai»-
Iriff dates.
TICKET OFFICES — 4 New Montgom-
ery street (Palace Hotel), 10 Market street ami
Broadway wharf.
Freight office. 10 Market street.
C. D. Dl'NASX. General Passenger Agent.
10 Market street. San Francisco.
O. /?- «& N. CO.
••Columbia" sails Sept. 20. 30. Oct. 10. 20.
30.' ••George W. Elder" sails Sept. 25. Oct.
5. 15, 25. Only steamship line to PORTLAJfU.
OR., and short rail line from Portland to all
points East. Through tickets to all point.*,
all rail or steamship and rail at LOWEST
RATES. Steamer tickets include berth and
meals. Steamer calls foot of Spear st. at 11 a.
m. 8 F. BOOTH, Gen. ARt. Pas* Dept. t
Montgomery st. : C. CLIFFORD. Gen. Agt. Frt.
Dept.. 3 Montgomery at.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA,
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.)
Steamers will leave wharf, corner First and
Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.. for YOKOHAMA
and HONGKONG, calling at Kobe' (Hiogo).
Nagasaki and Shanghai, and connecting at
Hongkong with steamers for India, etc. No .
cargo received on board on day of sailing.
S S. NIPPON MARU
Thursday. October 15. 100.1
S. S. AMERICA MARU .>
¦ Tuesday. November 10, 190U
S. S. HONGKONG MARIT
, Thursday. December 3. 19CS
Via Honolulu. Round trip tickets at reduce- 1
rate*. For freight and passage apply at Com-
pany's office.- 421 Market street, corner Flr»t.
W. H. AVERY, General Agent.
oeeanlcs.s.co. s&sjjja
S S. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu. Sept. 28,11 a.m.
s! S. VENTl'RA. for Honolulu. 3amoa, Auck-
land and Sydney, Thursday. Oct. \ 2 p. rn.
S. S. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Oct. 28. 11 a m.
4J.S?3EK£LS4S£3S.M.,Jl3ts..r«iit3To,543Sirb:3
FR!8btBf3n.322 Earfcat SL.F!sr la. 7. Faeft U.
COJIPAGNIS GENERALS T3.1H9ATLA5TIQU.I
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. .jmjN.
Sailing every Thursday n«t»a.l of
Saturday, at 10 ». tn.. front Pl«r 42. * ¦*«"":.!•
North River, foot of Morton at.
Flrst-clasa to Havre. S7O and upward. Sec-
ond-class to Havre. $45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 33 Broadway (Hudson Building).
New York. J. F. FCGAZI A CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. S Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold -by yll Railroad 1 Ticket -Agents.
Mars Island and Vallojo Steamers.
Steamer GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO—
9:45 a. m.. 3:13 and S:30 p. m.. except Sunday.
Sunday. »:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leavp Valiejo.
7 a. m., 12:30 noon, 6 p. m.. ex. Sunday. Sun-
day. 7 a. m.. 4:15 ?. m. Fare. 5O cents. Tel.
Main 13C3. Pier 2. Mlsslon-tt. dock. HATCH
BROS.
Weekly Call $1 per YearTHE SAN FBAIs'CISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 25, 1903.
14
GAIT FRAKCI1CO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the Ban Francisco
Can. corner Market and Third streets ; open
cctti 12 o'clock every -lrht la the year.
BRANCH OFFICKS — 627 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 8:30 p. m.
SCO Hayes etreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
639 McAllister etreet ; open until 0:30 p. m.
CIS Larkln street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mission etreet: open until 10 p. m.
22fl Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
cr.til 8 p. m.
106 Eleventh etreet ; open tratl! 0 p. n_
:09C Valencia Etreet: open until 8 p. m.
Ncrtheavt corner Church and Duncan streets;
open until S p. m.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. tn.
2200 Fillmore street: open until 9 p. m.
J1EETIXG NOTICES. ' '¦*.
CALIFORNIA Commandery No. 1. K. . -f _
T.— Regular assembly THIS EVEN- TOT
ING at 7:30 o'clock. Order of Tem- »C3J
pie. All fraters courteously Invited. <&y
THOMAP II. BROWNE. Commander. ~
T. L HENDERSON. Recorder^
PACIFIC Lodge No. 136. F. and A. M.. fi
Masonic Temp'.e — Me^ts THIS EVES-vy
ING at 7 o'clock. Third depree. /w\
GEORGE PENLINGTON. Sec^
SPERANZA Italiana Lodge~No. 219, F. _
and A. M.. will meet THIS (FRlDAY)XfV
EVENING. 7:30 o'clock. Third de-/>f\
grec. By order of the master.
G. SCALMANINI. Secretary.
APOLLO Lodge No. 123. I. o7~o7~^ag^Z~
F.— Third (VgTee THI? <f"RI- -v^pafe^Ti
DAY) NIGHT. Visitors cordial- :^g__§7
ly invited. It B. DOWNIE. N. G. tSMK*'
W. F. NORCROSS. Rec. Sec.
FAX FRANC1PCO T^r.t No. y£_7?i_V.
TV K. O. T. M. — Review /fijCT--— X£3\
THIS (FF.1DAT) EVEN- /533 Q t*S
ING at 8 o'clock. Pioneer B«llJ S?.M_1
Half. 24 Fourth st. \%3 tfXMJSJ
D. B. RICHARDS. VsS&iaZ&
Record Keeper. NJgggSK
AGENTS cample case containing over 25 use-
ful household articles. 25c; satisf action guar-
ar.teed. JAMES NOVELTY CO.. S. F.. Cal.
ATTU UN— Y S- AT-L AW.*
ADVICE FREE. ESTABLISHED 22 YEARS.
Divorces, a specialty. Private. Quick.
NO PAY UNLESS SUCCESSFUL.
G W. HOWE. ATTORNEY AT LAW.
1122 Market St.. offices 1, 2, 3. 4 and 5.
BEWARE OF FRAUDa
Any one can advertise, but unless the adver- I
tifecment s_ys •'Attorney at Law" the party i
fccvon.fir.K Is not a lawyer; don't be fooled.
ADVICE FREE
COLUMBIAN LAW AGENCY
Rm. 85. 016 Market; tel. Red 618; bad ten-
ants ejected speedily and reasonably; collec-
tions attended to; attachments; corporations
crganlred; civil and criminal practice.
P.OBT. W. KING, atty-at-law. Examiner bid..
rm. 611; -H cases, damages, estates, wills,
attachments, collections, etc. ; consultation
free; no advance charges; call or write;
evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
ADVICE free — I will advance coet In meritori-
ous cases, divorces, probate and all other law
rases; no fee* in advance: open every even-
lng. J. M. THfRSTON. 819 Market St.. r. 31.
_ E. CLARK. Emma Bpreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket at.; consultation free; no fees In advance.
AITKEN & AITKEN, attorneys, rs. 309-10-11,
Clunle bldg.. 503 California et.; tel. Main 727.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful; all
law business. W. W. Davidson. 927 Market.
PIVORCE — Cr*t«. fl2; quick, quiet; open even-
ir.pr. P27 Market ft., room 801.
BUSINESS CIIAKCES.
EQUATOR Roadhouse; good paying house;
stock, fixtures, furniture. 4 rooms: stable,
fheds. pood cot. lot. $5 ft. front; ftood place
to make pood money; this business will be
eol<3 cash. bal. on easy payments, on ac-
COttBt death. Take San Mateo cars, get off j
county line; only one fare; call to-day.
FOR saJe — Hotel and bar, horse /and wagon. In
good country town; short distance from city:
must t»e sold cheap on account of death In
family. Box 16*3. Call.
FOR eaJt? — Fart interest tn wholesale mercan-
tile bufin**s in this city; established in 1K52;
?]t>.<KM> to f2'j.(M.». Address box lt>44. Call.
f-l<!0— FIRST-CLASS restaurant; business dib-
trict; good payt-r; must be sold. 82y Mis-
sion at,
SNAP— S-room lodging and boarding house, all
full; clears $75 mo.; f:{50. 1031 McAllister.
|SM BUYS paying fruit store. Apply GEORGE
HL'.VUICK, oppcMte Berkeley ptatkm.
GOOD-I'AYING saloon for sale cheap, account ,
of eicknese. at 1OCI Howard st.
RESTAURANT men. attontlon — Great bargain.
Oail «>arly at 14.*> Larkin rt. .
BAKERY — Fine locatlrn in illo Vista; good i
taker will do well. Address DAN Me- i
GRAUGII. R!o Vista. Cal.
$175— Extraordinary bargain: F<*e for yourself; '
restaurant. 2".( chaire; clears $100 to $150 mo. '¦
Western Realty Co.. ;007».i Market, room 1. |
FOR sale — Cneap; gTocery and bar: no agents |
1122 Iiarr!t...n Ft., between 7th and Sth. ;
OTSTER-HOrFE. 126 Seventh St.; good busi- j
ness; rr.ust be fo\i on account of sickness. j
TIRfcT-CLASS saloon with 4 rooms and 5
years' i^a*.*; chtap rent. Box H31. Call.
FOR EALE — An Jn5lde route en this paper.
r -r rartiruln— s at office.
LGIJU1.\_-UOL!>_S Foil SALE.
A— PETERSEN REALTY CO.. \KVo Market Bt
— fpecial bargains In JIarket-st. houses —
**> room*, new. modern, central, 4-vear
l»a*e. up to date in appointments, clear "will
exchange for „ to 30 rooms; particulars and
rtasons in office.
r»1 rooms, family, transient, offices, close In
make foffer and get facts In office.
30 rooms, central, leaoe. cheap rent, other
tiutinees cornels sacrifice, terms very easy.
100 ROOMS; house for men; rent $140. .. .*40O0
rfe rncm»; south of Market; rent $100 -»000 '
-4 room*; corner: part ca«h: hal. easy. £50
H rocrr.r; good Income; rent $20 350
.21 rooms; water front; rent $40; lease!. 650
1.0 Tocmc; good lease: low rent i (£00
u , rrrt.; apa-tmentF; Western Add.; rent 250
i Money loaned at 1 per cent
Kotele roadhouses. fiats. 0 to 100 rooms.
EITEL & CARROLL. 212 Kearoy st.
22 ROOMS; all on one floor; choice, tunnr
corner; retiring from business. For nar-
*Mrm box S2S. Call office. Oakland.
spiritualism!
M v^T OUN w T E7^~ lneetI^ «°-»«snt7~)«:
\>JR"wam. Webster and Central ave ai»
rnr-da; reading* daily. 7 C0 Central ave!. near
Webster, st.. Alameda.
ARRIVro^PROPrPTlED P. EVANS the fa',
mous psychic; stamp for circular 1112 Eddv
ft., mar Cctavla; phone Scott S87.
MRP. ELIZA nETlFlioLME!«rVrInc- medium"
.,1. McAUtatyr; readings dally ;clr.?Ig to-nlghtl
ETHEL CRINnLE.~materlaliiins: seence this
Uic. 1115 Pest ft.; 8 o'clock.
KATIE IinVSSMAN, circle Friday e—r.ln"
2uc; Bitting?, loop Harrjyon rt.. cor. filxth.'
T: « TV n ARD EAnLE - 'OK! Kill*, reading* dally
P-tn m 4- *<».>r~« Srniw.- nn.1 ThiiT-dav.
CLAIItVOYAXTS.
My Regular «3 Readln~sT"Thfs~~^e_"For~~
$1 fl tl $1 $l $i $i
PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE
The First, Rrgristered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmltt ever In San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee
to mske no charge If I fail to tell you jour
name, occupation and what you called for;
I promise to tell you whether husband, wife
or ewectheart is true or false; I tell you
whom and when you will marry; In fact, I
will tell you every hope, fear or ambition
better than you can tell yourself; I Improve
your character ro that you will reach the
highest -possible development In mental vigor,
health, happiness and capacity to earn
wealth; so you will live happy and contented
tbe rest of your life. Hours 10 A. M. to
6 P. M.,: Sundays.2 to 8. 32«S O'Farrell st., 328.
MME. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third st., next Examiner
bldg.; she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate d<?KCrl;>Uon of the past, reveals the
present happiness and portrays events to
occur In the future; If you are In trouble, dis-
contented or not satisfied in life, or have do-
mestic, love or business troubles, consult this
pr*_t medium and you will be told how to
overcome them: valuable advice in all affairs
of life; _5c up; satisfaction »ruaranteed; read-
ings by mail. Tel. Black 4309.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant <nd
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
ft., cor. Turk; private readings dally. 10 a.
m. to S p. m. : readings by mall as satisfac-
tory as In person; 3 Questions answered, $1:
. lull life, $5; send lock of hair, date and year
of birth; don't send currency. Send postofflce,
Wells-Fargo money order or registered letter.
A— MME. PORTER, scientific clairvoyant and
card reader, born with a double veil and sec-
nr.d sight; tells the past, present and future:
ladles, 50c: gents, $1; by cards, palmistry
and clairvoyant sitting; $1 60. 126 Turk st.
lira. A. H. Kronenberg. palmist, clairvoyant,
card reader, will give a good reading. 10c. for
a chort time only; when others fall try me to
convince yourself. 402 Franklin, near Prove,
A — Mire. Ravenna reads life, business advice;
names given; 25c up. 6 4th et.. near Market.
HBL.PJIV ABtTED— M ALE— Cob.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay et.
Phone Main 5S4S.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
1902 WE" GAVE 1908 WE'LL GIVE)
45,000 MEN WORK. 60.000 MEN WORK.
8687 men wanted to-day for
ARIZONA, OREGON.
NEVADA. . WILLITS. UKIAH.
' And all points north, east, south on South-
ern Pacific and 8anta Fe system; free pass.
ON EVERY TRAIN.
Section hands. Muckers. Drillers.
Extra gangs. Teamsters. Hammersmen.
MINES— TUNNELS— QUARRIES.
96 miners, all over State, $90 and $82 50.
1C5 drillers, all over State, $82 flu, $75. . *
364 laborers and muckers, everywhere, $60,
$75, $82 60.
64 timber men, carmen, furnace men, $.60
to ?!>0. *
DIAMOND MATCH CO.— $1 FEE.
186 laborers, teamsters, drillers, etc., $75,
$S2 SO.
FRUIT PICKERS— $1 FEE.
137 fruit pickers, men or boys, $30 to $37 80
and found.
STABLES, FARMS, ORCHARDS DAIRIES.
236 farm and orchard hands, $30, $35, $40
and found. •
56 milkers, butter and cheese makers. $30
to $50 and found.
20 choremen. coachmen, gardeners, etc*, $30
to ?10 and found.
19 stablemen, city, and country Jobs, $30 to
$60 and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-630 Pay st.
COOKS. WAITER3. PORTERS.
24 cooks,- hotels, restaurants, camps, mines
and ranches, city and country. $30 to $70 fd.
12 waiters, city and country, $25 to $40 fd.
Eecimaker. city Jodglng-house, $35.
Baker, shop, fare $4. $50 found.
Office boy, run errands, city. $5 week.
10 elevator boys and porters.
Steward, country hotel./
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
MECHANICAL AND OTHERS.
3 slack coopers. 0c; 8 cabinetmakers.
Cutoff sawyer; 12 boys, learn trades, city.
2 men, build fences, ranch, 50c fare, $40 fd.
15 boys for factory, city. $1 to $1 25 day.
SG BLACKSMITHS.
' Also many helpers, all over California, $50,
$00 $70 $S0 $90 and found.
. • LOCATED 'EVERYWHERE.
C36 laborers and teamsters, city and country,
some factories, mills, warehouses, excavat-
ing, building, etc.. many In San Francisco,
lots tc board home, $2, $2 25. $2 50, $2 73
day; l>6 carmen and furnace men, $67 and
$75; 3ZG3 positions not advertised.
COME— SEE.
Best places at MURRAY & READY'S.
Biggest wages at 634-636 Clay st.
CARPENTERS..
16 carpenters, large company, fare $1. $90.
3H carpenters, electric power trust. $90.
/26 carpenters, flume work. $00.
10 ranch carpenters. $3 day.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
SAWMILLS— WOODS.
IN 4 STATES.
633 laborers, no experience wanted, $40 to
$70 and found.
196 mill yard men, $50 to $150.
3K5 woodchoppers.
2S7 tlemakers.
All classes of experienced men for woods,
mills, etc., from $50, $00, $70. $S0, $90, $100.
$125 to $150 month.
MURRAY & READY, 634-630 Clay 6t.
SPECIAL— SPECIAL.
TO-DAY.
- ARIZONA TO-NIGHT.
Marysvllle, Chico, Plajerville.
186 carpenters' helpers, laborers, teamsters,
drillers and other help; you go; $82 50, $75,
$67 50. • •
INSIDE FACTORY WORK.
12 laborers, your fare paid, $00.
¦ BIG SAWMILL.
Head Dolbeer engineer. $00; 2 spool tend-
ers. $55.
3 log loaders, $C5; 2 timber fellers, $60.
. Band resawyer.
FRESNO— FARE PAID.
26 laborers, sawmill, yards, etc.. (40 fd up.
TO MINE— FARE $2 50.
i 25 laborers: you'll eult; steady: $42 found.
SANTA CRUZ COUNTY.
26 laborers to pile lumber, $60
WILLITS — UKIAH.
164 teamsters, laborers, etc., free fare, $67 50.
NEW JOB— COUNTY ROAD WORK.
55 laborers, - anybody can do It, fare $1, $60.
¦ELECTRIC LIGHT SYNDICATE.
155 laborers, teamsters, carpenters' helpers,
$00, S67.
RESERVOIR WORK.
06 teamsters, laborers, fare $1 20, $00, $67 5O.
165 iron men, splkerd and tract laborers, $75.
16 laborers, gold mine, southeast, $82 50.
OREGON.
COAL MIXERS— OREGON— FREE FARE.
65 coal miners, Orpgon, $3 to $5 day.
BIG NEW TUNNEL— HALF FARE.
C3 tunnelmen, S82 50.
12 butcherr. different Jobs, $30, $35, $40, $60,
$70. ?SO and found.
Pigs' feet shaver, $2 25 day; handy man with
knife ?2 25.
3 meat cutters, $15 week.
Best Wages at MURRAY & READY'S,
Best Places at 634-636 Clay st.
BOARD YOURSELVFS.
$2 25 DAY— STEADY WORK.
155 Greeks or Portuguese; new work.
155 Italians or Slavonians; new ¦work..
I"i5 Austrian* or Spaniards; new work.
155 Mexicans or Russians; new work.
MURRAY & READY. C34-6.16 Clay St.
/ MIDNIGHT ORDERS.
Grader, sugar nine lumber *$!K>
Pipe man. lumber company. $2 - 5O day.
3 rough carpenters, country, $3 day.
Lathe hand machinist. 15c fare, $3 day.
Meat cutter, thop, $15; shop butcher, $2 50
day.
Machinist, run radial drill, fare 50c, $2 50.
Young man. drive milk wagon, near city,
$25 found.
MARRIED.
Cook and wife, ranch kitchen. 40 men. $60
found.
Camp waiter, $25 found; married bartender,
$15 week.
Cooper, factory, 15c fare. $3 25 day.
Machine hand; wood turner, band sawyer
and ehaper hand, boss here $4 day.
» HOURS' WORK— CITY.
12 laborers, board home. $2 25 day.
3 teamsters, hop ranch. $32 50 found.
Choreman about Institution. $25 found.
3 painters, stripe and letter." $2 50 to $3 day.
Laundryman, all around fare $1 25 $2 50.
MURRAY & READY. 634-630 Clay st.
WHY pay big prices to have your shoes half-
soled when you can get It done for 25c. 60c
and 6Cc. while you wait at 5«3 Mission st.,
bet. 1st and 2d ets.. or 11 Third st? Open
evenings until 10 o'clock except Sundays.
FOR sale — 2 barber chairs; latest style; cheap.
2503 Folsom st.
WANTED — Barber shop, city or country; give
full Information. Box 1650. Call office.
WANTED — For the XI. S. Marine Corp». able-
bodied, unmarried men. between 21 and 35;
good character; must speak, read and write
English; marines serve at sea on men-of-war
in all parts of the world, on land in our Isl-
and possessions, and at naval stations In the
United States. Apply at recruiting office, 40
Ellis St.. San Francisco. Cal.: 222% N. Mala
St.. Los Angeles. Cat., and 401 K St.. Sacra-
mento, Cal.
MANAGER for a cloak and suit department;
i one who Is thoroughly familiar with the line,
both managing and buying: good salary to
right party; state a«?e. experience and refer-
ences; all communications strictly confiden-
tial. Box 4323. Call office.
WANTED — Fancy goods and notion man to ga
to Los Angeles; must be thoroughly expe-
rienced and competent to manage and buy
. for department; state age. experience and
salary expected. Apply box 1627, Call.
FEEDERS wanted with some experience on
printing press cr folding box press. Mutual
L. and L. Co., Second and Bryant sts., Bry-
ant-street entrance, l^o
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Polkin, Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House.
217 Third St.; 2!5O rooms: 25c to 50c per night.
MEN to learn barber trade; only 8 weeks re-
quired ; special ofTer this month; catalogue
and full Information mailed free. MOLER
SYSTEM COLLEGE. 635 /Clay st.
BARBER shop for sale; Commercial Hotel shop
In Stockton. Particulars, apply J. M. HART.
- 43." East Main st..
GOOD 3-chalr barber shop for sale, cheap. Ad-
dress D. WHITE, 12 East San Fernando St..
San Jose,' Cal.
WANTED — Rough carpenters and laborer*. Ap-
ply room 14. 2tt Montgomery St., San Fran-
clrco Construction Company.
COATMAKERS for country. Apply REIS3
BROS. & CO.. 24 Setter st. .
OPERATORS on casslmere pants; stock work.
Corner Gough and Grove sts.
BOY wanted for printing office; paid while
learning. 1C9 California St.; top floor. , •
FOR nale— 2-ohalr barbpr shop and living
rcoms; a bargain. Box 1C33, Call.
FOR sale — Hotel Pleasanton barber shop; rea-
: xcnable: owner going East.
BARBER shop for aale very cheap. Address
J. GON SALVES. Vacaville. Cal.~ .
McDONALD & PERRY have a large stock of
new and second-hand shoes; cheap. 239 3d st.
PENSION atty. E. "A. Bullls. room 40. Phelan
bldg. Past Com. Gee H. Thomas Post. G.A.R.
MAN to do Janitor wprk for tuition In S. F.
Barber School, 741 A Howard st.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st. ; .-..-¦
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms, . 35c night: reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from, ferry. <
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
-. price. 563 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts. ¦
GET your shofs half soled while Waiting; 25c
, to 50c. 563 Mission St.. -bet. 1st and 2d sts. i
EMPLOYMENT WASTED — MALE.
POSITION wanted by unincumbered. healthy,
active, reliable, honest, refined, elderly wid-
ower as companion to Invalid or others on
land or sea: guardian, custodian or some
other suitable employment. Address R. F.,
P. O. box 2163, San Francisco, Cal.
"a BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
(ubrcrlptlons has been established at 1099
Valencia «t.
FINANCIAL.
4 PER CENT TO 6 PER CENT HIGH GRADE
Municipal. School, Railroad and Corporation
' Bonds.
Bank and Trust Company Stocks.
Selected for conservative investors.
Writ* for information to
HEAZELTON A CO..
Stock and Bond Brokers, .
Hay ward building,
San FranclBco, Cal.
FLATS TO LET.
A — HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense list;
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department; It will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., 245-259 Geary
st., on the square.
NOE. 1056, cor. Elizabeth — A new 0-room flat;
all modern Improvements; convenient to Cas-
tro and Twenty-fourth st. cars; rent reason-
able.
$10— i-ROOM flat, 144 Pfelffer, north of Chest-
nut; furniture can be bought for $50. VON
RHEIN R. E. CO., 513 California st.
SECOND ave., 606. near McAllister et. — New,
modern upper flat 6 sunny rooms; $27 50.
BEAVER, 57, one block from Market and Six-
teenth sts. — Modern 9-room flat; very cheap.
LOWER flat of 6 rooms, bath, stationary tubs
and gas; reasonable. 624 Fell st.
FINEST new flat In Panhandle district: 7 sun-
ny rooms. 138 Bcllevue St., near Haight.
2 ELEGANT new flats. 6 and 7 rooms; rent
$30 and $35. Church and Seventeenth sts.
4 NEW rooms and bath; water free; $18. 336
Tehama st.
VI .tMTURE WAJiTEtt
A FAMILY fitting up a home desire to pur-
chase come good furniture, etc Box 4353,
Call office.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission, phone Red 4462,
buys, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpets.
Cal. Auction House pays highest prices for fur-
niture, flats, etc. 1103 Mission; tel. Mint 2481.
A. L. STORRS pays highest cash prices furni-
ture, carpets, etc.: tel. Larkln 3031. G3t Ellis.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. .Hello Grant 1S5
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
2 nurses. Institutions, country $35
2 waitresses, same places $25
German cook, lunch house, ro Sunday
work $12 week
Cook, small restaurant, mining town, fare
paid $30
Cook, hotel, country, party here $40
Working housekeeper, rooming-house, coun-
try $25
Head waitress, commercial country hotel. $30
10 waitresses, city and country $25
Chambermaids, chambermaids to wntt.$25-$20
Man and wife, waiter and waitress, institu-
tion, country $50
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Cook, small family. State of Nevada, fare
paid, party here, $30; houseelrl, mining
town, nice place, fare paid, $25; 3 places for
houseglrls, city. $30; cooks, houseglrls. nurse-
girls, others; working housekeeper, $15, see
party here 10 o'clock
C. R. HANSEN & CO 429 Bush st.
A MAN and wife, Nevada stock farm; see
party here 10 o'clock
C. R. HANSEN & CO 429 Bush Bt.
MAN and wife, cook for men; see party
here; $00 ;..
C. R. HANSEN _ CO 429 Bush st.
WANTED— Cook for Watsonvllle, no wash,
$25; cook. $35; 4 cooks. $30; 5 second girls,
$20. $25; laundress, care 2 grown children,
$25; 2 nurseglrls. $25; cook, Menlo Park.
$35; chambermaid, also waitress, same ho-
tel, country, see lady office 2 o'clock, $20,
$25; 4 chambermaids, assist waiting, fam-
ily hot/1, $20; housework, $30; man and
wife. <Sountry. $50 $40; parlor maid, $25:
nurse, old lady. $25; laundress, boy home.
$25; housekeeper, 3 men, $25, and ,">0 house-
work girls, good wages, places too many to
advertise; call to-day. J. F. CROSETT &
CO.. 334 Sutter st. . .
A NURSE to care for two children for Arizona,
$30, see party here; a cook for family of 4,
in city, $35; a waitress and parlor maid, San
Rafael, $30; a seamstress and chambermaid
for private family, $25; a cook (German
style) for lunch house, $12 a week, no Sun-
day work. MISS PLUNKETT, 425 Sutter
St., near Powell.
A GERMAN or Swedish working housekeeper;
must do plain cooking for C persons; wages
$30. MISS PLUNKETT, 425 Sutter St., near
Powell.
A CHAMBERMAID, $25; waitress, same hotel.
$25, see party here; 0 cooks, $33 and $30;
. second girl, $.10; 4 second girls, $25 each;
I woman and child, $15; man and wife to cook,
boarding-house. ?C0; 50 houscgirls. $25, $30
and $35. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
A— WANTED — Girls ¦ to learn halrtlresslng'
manicuring, etc. ; trade taught from A tc 2
In 2 weeks; $5 to those entering now; 3 po-
rltions to fill immediately; positions' guaran-
teed at $10 per week up; leading school in
W*st. 233 Geary st.. room 13.
A — LADIES, learn all branches halrdresslng
trade; manicuring, massage, etc.; 1236 Mar-
ket St.. cor. Jones, room 'J4; positions secured
at highest wages; day and eve. class; call.
K — Girls to learn millinery now for fall season;
both seasons taught from start to finish In 1
month for $10; positions' as trimmers, sales.
ladle?, etc., guaranteed at $10 per week up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton St.. r. 13.
EXPERIENCED saleslady for art needle wprjt
department. Apply superintendent's office.
Emporium.
EXPERIENCED saleslady for neckwear de-
partment. Apply superintendent's office,
i Emporium.
WANTED — Stenographer for work In an of-
fice. Apply to the mall order department
S. N. WOOD & CO., 740 Market st.
BRIGHT young girl to assist lady bookkeeper
In office work 3 evenings in a week; $2 week.
Address box 1C52. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS Jacket and costume fitter want-
ed; state experience, salary expected, etc.
Box 4045. Call.
WANTED— Experienced saleslady for veiling
department. MARKS BROS., 1220 Market.
AN energetic woman who has had some expe-
. rlence In traveling. Box 1649, Call office.
Wanted — Young woman for office ;state age, cx-
perlence & salary expected. Box 1630, Call.
GIRL wanted to do housework in country;
wages $15. Apply. COS Oak st. :
PROTESTANT girl; general housework; small
washing. The Emp. Agency, 8 City Hall sq.
WANTED— Lpdy stenographer and bookkeeper;
state salary and experience. Box 1042, Call.
WANTED— A stenographer, at 1510 Market „
HELP WAXTE D — FEM ALE — Com.
WOMEN and girls wanted to work on fruit
and canning; steady work; highest wages.
Apply California Canneries Co., Brannan at.,
between Third and Fourth.
WOMEN and girls to work on fruit; steady
employment; day and piece work; highest
wages. CODE-PORTWOOD CANNING CO.,
Bryant and Tenth.
BEWING MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-
ETERS: NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY:
PAID SALARY. LEVI STRAUSS A CO.'8
FACTORIES. 82H FREMONT ST. AND 1S73
MISSION. NEAR FIFTEENTH.
WANTED— Assistant bookkeeper, at 1510 Mar-
. ket st.
FIRST-CLASS waitress: no others need apply:
$9 week. 631 Clay st.
BOOKFOLDERS and sewers: girls 15 to 17
wanted to learn the trade: steady employ-
ment and good wages paid while learning.
FRANK MALLOYE. 422 Sacramento at.
WANTED — Apprentices to learn hair work,
hair dressing and manicuring: paid while
learning. Apply at HALE BROS.'
FIRST-CLASS hair dresser; none others need
apply. Call at MRS. DIEHL'S, 528 Four-
teenth St., Oakland.
WANTED— Hair workers to do piece work at
home; paid well and no experience necessary.
Apply box 1638, Call office.
WANTED — Experienced waist trimmers and
skirt hands. Apply COX & DAUGHTERS,
1514 Pine St.
SECOND nirl; French or Italian preferred;
references required; wages $25. Apply 1200
Geary st.. bet. 9 and 12 o'clock.
GIRLS about 15 for factory work; good wages
Apply at ence..' AMES & HARRIS. 100 Sacra-
mento st.
WANTED — Competent girl for general house-
vi'ork and cooking- 1022 Geary st.
FIRST-CLASS stenographers furnished Miss
M. G. Barrett. Instructor. 302 Montgomery.
SECOND girl for Sonoma. $20. Apply 2210
Central ave..; car fare paid.
GIRLS wanted; box department. Mutual L. &
L. Co., 2d & Bryant. Bryant-st. entrance.
LADY agents on salary. Call 0 to 5, office 69,
Columbian building. 916 Market st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
recplvyrt nt Cull branch off!"*. 22f»O Flllmor*
HELP \VA.\TED--HALE.
AT CALIFORNIA EMPLOYMENT AGENCY
59 Third 8t..«nr. Call bldg.: phone Bush 405.
NEVADA AND UTAH.
FREE FARE.
RTNDOX, GOLCONDA AND RENO
S. P. R. R. CO.'S OWN WORK. '
J99 laborers. $2 a day.
We Ship Daily On All Trains.
Crowds Are Going. Are You?
91 section hands, all parts of California,
Coast line and Western division.
MERCED AND FRESNO TO-DAY.
WOODSMEN.
2 timber fellers, $60 a month and board.
2 buckers. $50 a month and board.
2 lookouts, $40 a month and board.
2 waterbucks. $40 a month and board.
EUREKA— HUMBOLDT COUNTY.
FARE ADVANCED.
Ship to-day. 12 m. Steamer Pomona.
7 laborers, sawmill. $35 and board.
10 lumber pliers ami yardmen. $35 & board.
OREGON— FARE ADVANCED.
5 coal miners, 6-foot vein. $1 a ton.
THRESHING MACHINE CREW.
4 hoedowns, $2 50 a day and board.
4 teamsters, ?1 t'O a day and board.
6 pitchers $1 50 a day and board.
FREE FARE.
BIG MILL— SOUTH.
/ 4 lumber pliers, $1 50 a day and board.
2 lumber loaders. $1 50 a day and board. .
7 laborers, city work. 9 hours, $2 25 a day.
CAL. EMP. AGENCY. 59 Third at.
2 FARMERS and wives.- $60 and $55 and
found; 6 carpenters, country. $3 day; farmer
and wife for Nevada, sse boss here. $40 and
found; milker. $10 and found; farmers, $1 23
day; stable boy. $20 and found; chore boy,
private family, $20 and found; chore man
for resort, $20 and found: blacksmith helper.
$2 60 day; young man for bathhouse, $30:
' fruit pickers, 51 15 day and board: lineman
for donkey, $70 and board; slack work coop-
i ers: 10/ laborers, company work, $2 25 day:
woodfheppers and others. J. F. CROSETT
& CO.. 028 Sacramento st
SECOND cook for restaurant, $05: cook and
wife for ranch, $00 and found: hotel second
cook, $30 and found; waiter for resort, fare
paid, $25 and found: night cook and waiter,
i.'J5 and found: porters, dishwashers and
others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 028 Sacra-
mento Et. -
ANDRE'S Office, S17 Stockton St.— Waiter for
help's hall. $.".0; pantryman, $30; French
couple, near city. $50 and found; gardener.
$50: porter, hotel, $30; bedmaker and valet,
$30; 2 vegetablemen, $25 and $30; porter,
dining-room, $25; kitchen hand, $25; boy
for oyster house, $15 and found; plain car-
penters, $3 a day; cooks, $35 to $75; fry
cook. $14 a week; German barkeeper, ?40
and found.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, rm. 12.
Night porter, $.".0: dishwasher, $35; elevator I
and clerk, $25; Janitor, 525; pantryman, $30;
bellboy, $15. ,
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 60 per pair; foot-form shoes at $2 50, or
orthopedic shoes, S3 GO; best shoes on earth. 11
Third St., Exam, bldg., 5 doors from Market.
Open evenings until 10. o'clock ex. Sundays.
YOUNG men IS to 20 years of age ior wrap-
pers and helpers In stockroom: must come
well recommended. » Apply Superintendent's
office. Emporium.
G MEN for Africa, Australia and Europe at
HERMAN'S, 2(1 Steuart et., ;
YOUNG man who understands butcher bus. to
take charge of meat market. Box 1646, Call.
GOOD Job for good boy. SIMPKINS &
THORP. 116 Erie «t.
" WANTED— Of flee boy. 10 years . old; state
references. Box 1641, Call.
YOUNG reliable snan for grocery. 4201 Eight-
eenth ' »t.\
TRY our men's shoes union made, at $1 and
$150 pair; foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay
express . or mail chrgs. 11 Third St., Exam,
bid.; open evg's until 10 o'clock" ex. Sundays.
WANTED— Energetic salesman for, outside
work. THORN E & CO., 312 Bush st.
BOY in tin shop, learn trade; 16 years. 633
Mission st.
YOUNG Chinese; plain cooking , and house-
work. 1503 Washington- et.. 10 to 11 a. m.
BEER-DRAWER German-speaking preferred.
1053 Market St.; call after 9 a. m.
WANTED— Barber; Saturday and Sunday.
1025 Howard st. '
¦ rr ~~- - - _ - , :¦/-¦¦¦
WANTED— Dishwasher. 25S5 Market st
WHOLESALE house; boy 17; $4 50 week;
steady advance. . Apply 8:30 161 First st.
CLAIRVOYANTS — Contlnoed.
OLDEST lady palmlrt and card reader In city.
26H Kearny. room 20; ladles 25c, gents 50c.
MISS WARD, high psychic medium, palmist;
ladles 25c. genta 50c: no sign. 418 Mason st.
MRS. SHAFER. clairvoyant, card reader; slt-
tlngs dally. 44SH Jessie st.. bet. 6th and 6th.
CARPET BEATING Aft P CLEAjriXO.
A^llSrcompressed.^ dryCnici^coid, is" now unlver-
cally used tn sanitarily cleaning carpets, on
floor, without removal or Injury; prices mod-
erate. Apply 8. F. COMPRESSED AIR
CLEANING CO.. Call bid.; phone Main 8237.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for BPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
Ing "Works. 355-357 Tehama at.; tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works, 1809 Har-
rleon St.. Al cleaning. 3c; tel. Mlsalon 225.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating Co.. J. McQueen,
proprietor. S29 Guerrero et.; tel. Mission 4I>.
TRY HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet-beating;
mattresses made over. 1432 Howard ;South 218
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 gutter st;
tel. Main 884. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison at.; tel. Mission 283.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works,
333 Golden Gate ave.: telephone EaM 126.
CHIROPODISTS.
DUNLAP FOOT INSTITUTE, 50 Geary— All
ailments of the feet cured; corns, bunlons.etc
COLLECTION OFFICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 0-10; tel. 5580.
DENTISTS.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
ir.ade; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per set; extracting. 50c; gas given.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone— cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs. ; crown. $3 60: fillings. 60c;
plates $3: full set;all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny, cor, Bush-
Set t.*eth $1 50 up; crowns $2 up; fillings 25e.
GOLD fillings 75c; sliver. S5c; crowns. $2; no
pain: open Sunday. Dr.O.B.Hewltt.204 Sutter.
DHESSMAKEKS AND SBAMSTHKSSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School
—Any pattern cut to measure. 1019 Market.
DRESSMAKING. 1840 McAllister st.
ACCORDION, sunburst & knife plaiting. Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor.
DY-IXG A.\D <JL_AMXG.
EEA breezes sweeten all garments, blankets,
lace curtains, etc. done by the Presidio
Heights Dye Works. 3915 Sacramento: phone
for wagon. West 453. H. HICKMAN. pres.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S^BUSINESS COLLEGE. "_4^OsC m ,
F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy, English branches;
day and night sessions; lllus. catalogue free.
AYRES, the leading business college. 723 Mar-
ket et. ; special summer course in all depart-
ments; handsome catalogue free; life scholar-
ship. (50; day and evening sessions.
CALIFORNIA Business College. 305 Larkln st.
"A thorough school"; positions secured for
graduates; modern methods; Individual In-
struction. Write for Illustrated catalogue.
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for the university, law and medical colleges;
ref.. President Jordan or any Stanford pro-
fessor; day, evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
HIXMAN'S Academy; a thorough school of
dancing; established 20 years. 1412 Polk st.
between Pine and California; both adult and
children's classes are now open for the season.
A — SAN FRANCISCO Business College. 1Z16
Market st. — Practical, progressive, reliable;
day & evening sessions; write for catalogue.
PRIVATE lessons given to pupils behind in
grammar grade work. Further particulars,
address box 1779^ Call office.
HEALD'S School bf Mines & EIectrlcity.2t Post
Et-. S. F. ; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free. ,
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec, mln.. mech.. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Naillen School.,113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
DANCING Tuesday, Thursday. Saturday and
Sunday evenings at Teutonia Hall. Howard
et.. near Ninth: management Prof. Foster.
GOLDEN Gate Com'l College, 530 Golden Gate
ave.; full business course; day ana evening. '¦
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine st... Night class.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or evs. ; f 3 ruo. 1024 Misslon.nr.6th.
Chicago 1:ufu\<:«f College. 1435 Market, nr. 10th.
Plttman shorthand, typing, bookpg.. $S nv>.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
GEORGE AOKI. 421 Post at.; tel. Bush 135—
Japanpse-Chinese employment office; fur-
nishes best help; contracts for farm help. etc.
A — OKl'UF.UM Employment Office — Japanes*-
ChlmEe help. 420 Powell. Tel. Main 6752.
A — GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office, 115
Stockton; tel. Grant 1C8; expert, reliable help.
CHINESE Employment Office — Best help at
Leon Seung's, 411V4 O'Farrell; tel. East 420.
RELIABLE Japanene-Chlnese Employment Of-
fice: all kinds help. 315 Stockton ; Main 51S5>.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1097. BRADLEY & CO.. 040 Clay.
__IIM.OYM_NT WANTED FEMALE.
MIDDLE-AGED American woman wishes sit-
uation as housekeeper or cook on ranch; neat
and reliable. Address Housekeeper, 109
Leavenworth st.
COMPETENT laundress wishes place 2 or 3
days a we«k; excellent references; ?2 a day.
1B71 McAllister St.
LADY of refinement and culture wishes posi-
tion as visiting governess to young children
or would devote few hours daily to Invalid;
good reader and musical. Box 434S. Call.
A REFINED American girl wants position as
second girl In small family: references. Box
IC10. Call. y
SWEDISH girl wants position as cook or house-
work; wages $30. Call two days, 177 Perry.
WOMAN wishes situation as cook or general
work*; lately from the East. 49 Shipley st.
EXPERIENCED nurse would like a few more
cases; $10 per week. Box 827. Call office.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister St.
•CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
rpcelved at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
EMPi.uv.uevr ww ¦s tk d — ma lr
A YOUNG Irishman eeeks a steady position In
city around private place as choreman; un-
derstands milking, work In garden, etc.;
will be found faithful and obliging, generally
u«ful. sober nnd hon»st; a good worker;
have references. Box 1V48, Call.
¦ POSITION as janitor (10 years' experience) or
as jjorttr in any wholesale house; can assist
at wrapping or packing. Address N. LIN-
TON, care B. C. HARE, Masonic Temple.
YOUNG man, experienced stenographer, re-
liaLle, Industrious and capable, desires to
««ure a better position In that capacity;
city or country; references. Box 1C47, Call.
BUTLER or valet position wanted by thor-
oughly competent man. 30 years of age; only
g-ood and permanent place is wanted. Box
1039. Call.
! GERMAN, sober, reliable, wishes situation at
anyihing; understands care of horses; good
: driver; city or country; bsst references. Ad- ,
dress box 1G37. Call.
A YOUNG experienced butcher would like a
position to drive a wagon and help in shep;
city or country- Box 1040, Call.
ENGINEER (stationary) wishes situation; city
or country: can do his own repairs; reference
given. Uux 4144. Call office.
AN experienced gardener In all branches;
floral or landscape, new lawns, propagation^
orchards, vines, pruning, grafting, curing cr
dried fruits, vegetables; also first -class but-
termmker; Cal. refs. and experience. Address
J. W., 1C7 Minna St., S. F. •
UNION barber, a man of &0. speaking German
and English, eober and st%dy, wishes sit-
uation in city or country. Address Barber,
1923 Polk st.
PCSITION as salesman with wholesale gro-
cery or • commission firm In which half of
the day can be given to the work; salary or
commission. Box Iti35, Call.
GERMAN, French, Spanish, physical culture
massage or nutKlng for board, lodging, cloth-
Ing cr cash. Write D. L. PARKER, P O.
Station M.
i '
STENOGRAPHER, expert. Is open for engage,
ment; can guarantee first-ciass wcrk. Box
1622; Call office. ™
A SOBER young man would like a position
few hours during day or evening. Box 4349
Call office. '
FLORIST wants position In florist store or
greenhouses: city or vicinity. Address box
4351, Call office. ¦
A REFINED, good natured Chinese wishes sit-
uation as first-class cook In hotel. F. W.
WONG, 21 Brenham place. ,
•
nonsES akd WAGoars. £
FOR SALE^ — Reasonable. 2 beautiful mares;
one with colt; well bred. Fourteenth avev.
and N st. south. ¦ ;
HARNESS and saddles, the best for the money,
at JEP8EN BROS. CO.. Inc.. the big store.
1145-1147 Market rt.. San Francisco. »
FOR sale — Handsome trap; cheap. Box 1030,
Call office.
TWO fine ponies for sale; ride or drive. Black-
smith shop. Folsom and Eleventh sts.
FOR sale— At Eclipse Stable, 1375 Eddy at..
cheap saddle and large brood mare.
Largest assortmt 2-hand wagons, buckb'd. sur-
rey, harness, work.drlvlng horses. 15th- Valencia
8 GOOD horses for sale cheap. 327 Sixth st.
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping wagon and
gocart for sale cheap. 532 Mission st.
HORSES WANTED.
HORSES wanted. Call at 630 Bryant st.
HOl.sKS TO I,_T.
A — PRINTED list of houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN A CO.. 14 Montgomery.
A — HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense list;
service absolutely free; take advantage of
th's department; It will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 215-230 Geary
St.. on the square.
VAN NESS ave.. 2100. near Pacific ave.— Mod-
ern house; 10 rooms; rent $70.
IIOlsES TO LKT — KI'RAISHKD.
OAK, 419 — Elegantly furnished house; 10 rooms
and 2 batha; large garden; grand view.
BEFORE moving get our printed list of houses
to let. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 25 Post st.
MAGNIFICENT marine view; comfortably fur.
mod, house; piano; furnace:refs. 3*11 Jackson.
HOUSES WA>TED.
WANTED — Unfurnished house (no flat), not
less than seven rooms; Western Addition;
rent not to exceed ?90 per month. Box 1651.
Call office. ¦
LOST A.ND KUDNO.
LCtfST — On S. P. train, between Vallejo Junc-
tion and Santa Rosa, a brown leather chate-
laine, containing 3 diamond rln«s. marquis,
solitaire and cluster; also $30 and tills. Very
larse reward If returned to MRS. WM.
ROOERS. Kenwood, Sonoma County. Cal.
LOST — Gray feather boa. In neighborhood of
Fourth and Market str.; a suitable reward
will be palif by returning tame to 412 Cole.
LOST — Fob, shape of horseshoe: diamond In
center; reward. Address O. F. RODE. 875
Center st.. Oakland.
LOST — White bull terrier Wednesday. Return
to 27C5 Polk st. and receive reward.
LOST — Brown hunting dog: license No. 337:
name Fldo. Return 504 Market; reward.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the California '
Watch Case Co., 220 Sutter ct.. needs old
gold and silver to make new watch cases.
MEDICAL.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist' for all fem-l«
. complaints ; Instant relief guaranteed; 30
years' experience; removed to S2C Post at. '
MRS. DR. KOHI* reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and Irregularities; Instant re-
llef guaranteed. 1008% Market St.. opp. 5th.
DR. O. W. O'DONNELL— - AH who are sick or
In trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints; positively corrected; the unfor-
tunate helped; the most difficult cases treat-
ed; advice free. "Office. 101S Market iL
Drs. Goodwin. 733 Turk, nr. Van Ness — Expert
In obstetrics, female complaints: lnst. relief;
J10; hours. 10 to 6; 25 yrs. exp»r.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market — Reliable ladles'
cpeclalist: a private home before and during
confinement: best medical care; low fees.
¦
A maternity villa; private; secluded: confiden-
tial. Dr. E. Funke. 1416 Eighth st., Alameda.
DR. ROSEN moved to 2995 Folsom St.. corner
26th: relief $10; ladles' exclusive office.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERB3;
original method of treatment. 112U Market st.
DR. KG TOY KEE. 319 Powell St.. opposite
• Union square; all Almtma cured by herbs.
__________ _
LADIES, you are Invited to visit my millinery
opening to-day and to-morrow; Imported an<l
New Ycrk haty. MMK. DOSCH. 207 Post *t.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOH SALE.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair It with elaterite; In rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating: good over old
Iron, tin or shingles': best for new roofii.
ELATERITE ROOKING CO.. 71.1 Market st.
2D-fiD. machinery, boilers, engines, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc., etc., bought, aold.
rented and exchanged: see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCH'Y CO.. 130-132 Beale si.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair;
foot-form shoc3 at ?2 5u; we pay express
charges. 11 3d St., Exam, bid.: catalog, free.
Open evg's until 10 o'clock except Sundays.
A— Fine suit*. $7 50; dress pants. $2 10. Origi-
nal Misfit Clothing Parlors. 23S Kearny st..
. near Bush; open to 0 p. in. Sunday to noon.
A — $3 b0 DERBY and fedora hats. $1 75. Poj>-
i ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. near
! Pine: open till 9 p. m. Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, bolters, water pipe, shafting, pulley*,
etc. WHITELAW. 25.'<-255 Spear at. |
2 FIRST-CLASS- tickets Frisco to Colo. Spgs.;
1 male, dark, medium; 1 female, light, gray,
medium: good till Oct. 10. Box 163O, Call.
NEWSPAPER route for sale; fine chance for
the right man. Addrert N. A. LARSEN.
1715 Pacific ave.. Alameda.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH i WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
: PEDIGREED Scotch collie. 15 months old. Call
! or address 1009 Castro St.. C to 7 p. m.
Al ENGINE. lUx.30, slide valve, as good as
• new; bargain. Postofflce box 20S6. S. F.
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento at.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard A Bfeck. 131 Post st.
MILES of pipe and fittings; all sizes. EU-
GENE RILEY * SONS. 109 Vallejo «t.
MOVING picture Him and song slides. ivt
Montgomery st.
SAFES — New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
A CO.. 122 Market st.
All bargains :camp stools and chairs ; hammocks,
metal beds.rnattres{es.J.F.Hotter,712 Mission.
Edlscn phonographs, records, supplies, moving
picture machines, films. Baclgalupl. 93.1 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches,
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont St.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters: all
makes. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Monfgy.
MISCKl.LAXEOL'S WANTiT
WANTED — A large first-class refrigerator;
s!a?;; d->orn. 4Ut» Seventh st., Oakland.
WANTED— Second-hand wood working ma-
chinery. Address box 4343, Call office.
BOOKS and libraries bought. H. 'J. HOLMES
1149 Market gt. : phone Jessie 3741. nr postal'
TILTON wants gocd second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st.; tel. Jessie 2S31.
A EIG price paid for sealskins : send postal*
25 Stockton nt. ; rhnne Rush 434.
-tlOXEV TO LOAA. -— — —
A A A— HERMAN ML'i'.I'UV.
«01-U02-t03 Examiner building.
Qjlck settlements.; no disappointment.
Save expenses by dealing directly
Estate*, second mortgages, undlvidt-d Inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property in trust
etc. ; legacies, life estates and undivided ln-
tererts in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
ADVANCES en furniture and pianos without
removal; to salaried people on their not*
without security or knowledge -if employer-
lowest rates; best terms; quickest service and' :
tbsolute privacy: special ratss to municipal
•.mployes and teachers. The Naxioral Credit
Co.. r. CS-CO Donchoe bid.. 1170 Market st.
HIGHLY resoectable private place t». obtain
llfceral advances on diamonds Jewelry* at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store ' 848
Market gt.: tel. Main 1044. Branch. 19 Third.
MONEY loaned to salaried people retail mer-
chants, teamster*, boardtng-houaes. without
security: easy payments; largest business »n
4tt principal cities. Tolman. S53 Parrott bldg
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFTICE^.103 Grant are
LOANS FROM »1 TcT $10.000.
8. r. DISCOUNT AOENCT-Loans to salaried
THE TOUSLEY CO...?T%!_ a.__ t> _,ff t *
MONKY to loan on low Interest: n!d silver
al a w° n j^H^THAL% P^^xtr.r^
°*VJS r ?, Uure ' £ lano: no removal. E. W. LICK.
1003 Mutual Savings Bank bldg.; 70S Market!
MONEY I loaned to salaried employes. - O W
MILLER, room 74. fifth floor. Chrontcl" Md«I
MOXEK TO -OAJH— Continued.
3% ON furniture * pianos; $15 up; no retnovai-
. V. TREMAIN. room 81. 6 Eddy st.. floor.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. 8. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 838 Kearny.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
salaried employes. R.311. Mutual 6av.Bk.bld.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
Indoraer. MORRCLL. gOP Examiner bldg.
~ MUSICAL IXSTRUMESTS.
ARE NOT THESE BARGAINS?
Sherman & Hyde upright |u;
Fllaher «3
Singer SlfiT"" 1M
2 Stelnways *18S SOi*
2 Chlckerlngs 85 13»
i Heines ••• »7 S&3
Rents, $2 up. apply on purchase; tast&ll-
HEINE PIANO CO.. 233-217 Oeary st, larg-
est exclusive piano house of the West.
AN upright piano shipped by high class East-
ern manufacturers will be told at actual cost
to save return of freight. 237 Oeary «t.
STEINWAY upright, left by private party.
$163: a great bargain. 237 Oeary st.
WE rent the best ptano In the city for 13 per
month: a few fine ones for *3 50; « months
rental allowed on purchase price. Som«thln<
new— the Scott Curtaz "Dljou." a little
beauty with a big tone. Will go through the
smallest doorway. For rent or for eale. The
"McPhail" piano; a magnificent instrument.
The "Schiller" piano; best quality for the
money on the coast. Some big bargains in
second-hand pianos. SCOTT CURTAZ Piano
Co.. 6CO-6_-&l Hayes St.; tel.. Fell 5761.
YOU «lc not take any chances* when buying
from as. Our methods are well known to b»
open and above board. "Big bargains, not
big ads," is our rule. All goeds guaranteed
as represented or no sale. Call and see largs
THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 789 Mar-
ket »t. m
A FEW good bargains, from $SP up, including
ruch makes as Mason 4 Hamlin. Viwe.
Sterling. Marshall * WendeiJ/Flsclier. Klrk-
mana. Carlitt, Weser. Pease, Kohler A Chas»
and many others: easy payments. B»nJ. Cur-
taz & Son. 16 O'Farrell; no branches In 3. F*.
THE greatest opportunity ever offered In Saa
Fran 'Isco to get a good rrViable plnno cheap.
Before our removal we vrlll sacrifice any In-
strument fur ca?h or installments. Call or
write for prices arrt terms at once. KOHLEli
_: CHASE. Established 1850. 30 O'Farrell.
BAND Instruments: F. Besson. Paris, maker.
Gun Malwald.Agt. Pac. Coast. 27S O'Farrell;
fkillful r^palrlns: 2d-hand ln«trum»nts .«old.
WANTED — 3 good square pianos. 1 concert
grand piano. 2 organs for hails. BYRON
MAUZY. 30H Post st.
$75 — Upright piano: a Gabler; good snap. HOR-
NXTNO. 21G McAllister st.
RATtE chance: cash or payments: elegant hi*;i
grade upright. 10 McAllister st.
Unredeemed storage pianos and furniture dirt
cheap. Whitehead's Storage. 1636 Market »•¦
BEAUTIFUL 3-pedal Steinway upright ptanc;
perfect order: sacrifice. Keeffe's.285 O'Farrell.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecllian piar.u
player. BYRON MAl'ZY, 308-312 Post at.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. II.
MULLER. maker., repairer. 2 Latham piac*.
OFFICES AND STOKES TO LET.
WOULD like to share office expenses with
some good lawyer or desk room. Box 1C.:2.
Call office.
STORE with large basement: below Kearny
St.: rent $30. Apply 6J6 Clay at., room 1.
PIAXOS AXP OltGASS.
PART of our list of bargains in second-hand
pianos for S«ptember. lttttl —
Original
I Price. Now.
1 SCHUMAN & SONS—
Walnut case, medium size, 7 1-3
cctaves, three pedal*, raised carved
panels. In good condition $300 $140
1 RICHMOND—
Mahogany case, small size, raised
carved panels, 7 1-3 octaves, three
pedals slightly used, but in good
tondition 300 173
1 SPENCER—
Walnut case, cabinet grand, en-
graved panels, three pedals. 7 1-3
octaves, good condition 323 130
2 HOAVARDS —
Walnut cases, medium size. 7 1-3
octaves, three pedals, mandolin at-
tachments, good condition: each.. 300 1S3
1 MOLLENHALER i BACH —
Walnut case. large size, raised
carved panels, three pedals. 7 1-3
octaves. In very good condition... 330 190
1 NEWMAN BROS.—
Walnut case. large s!x» upright,
T 1-3 octaves, thoroughly renovated,
equal to new 3SO 200
1 LUDWIG & CO. —
Oak case, medium size, raised
rarverj panels. 7 1-3 octaves, three- ¦
pedals, gocd tcne. In fine condition. 3."0 210
Complete list furnished on application at
our store. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
i^nrroT K"irnv nri'i R'ltter sts.
P_ItSO*AL_.
A— FACIAL BLEMISHES REMOVED.
Wrlnkier, yellow and tabby akin, birthmarks,
imailpc* pittlngs and scars scient iflcally r-~
coved without cutting, massage, electricity or
medicine?: special demonstrations this we«lc
Call cr write Dr. L. WILLIAMS. 371 G»ar>.
SPECIAL — Reduced for the month only. honi»
treatment that you can use at your ova
home. 'en>jvin< wrinkles, tan. freckles, leav-
ing sklr> cif ar and smooth; to be had only a;
my cfttce. Call cr writ* M. ELLA HARRIS.
7S1 O'Farrell »t-
THE Star H.V.r Remedy restores gray hair, im-
proves Its gr- wth.s'ops falling, cure* 'landm.'t
and Itchtng scalp: no stain or stlckia?**;
cleanses sralp: at drugsists". hr»lrtlr-?««e:s -.ac-
cept no substitute. Star Re_edyCo..3S3L;«ary.
NOT how cheap, but how good is the motto of
the manufacturers of the Rapid Rotary
Standard, the aen-ins-machine of to-day. J.
W. EVAN'S, arent. 1021 Market St.
PHYSICIAN. 14 years' experience, cures per-
manently morchine. cocaine habit. Call or
address Central Pharmacy. ".".I Grant ave..
corner Sutter *t. ; f«e moderate^
DRUNKENNESS, mornhine and all drug dis-
eases positively cured by Willow Bark Co..
1639 Pclk st.: consultation free; < atl or write.
REMOVAL— DR. W. C. STRATTON has re-
moved his office from 2-35 Mission st. to
rooms 373 and 574. Parrott bldg (Emporium).
HaIRDRESSING in all branches taught: $5 for
2 weeks. Up-to-Date Haln!ress!n* Parlor*.
1C2C Market «t.. room 1. upstairs.
DANCING Tuesd-y. Thursday. Saturday and
Sunday evenings at Teutonla Hall. Howari
•t.. near Ninth: management Prof. Fo»t#r.
•AT less than cc*t. uncalled for suits, over.-oats
• nd trjusers. at CHARLES LYONS'. Londoa
Tailor. 721 Market at. _
ELEGANT sulta on easy Installments: 3O cents
and up per week. LEON LEMOS. U-T
Market St.. between Seventh and Eighth. -,
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elec-
tric needle. Dr. & Mrs. Traverse.1170 Market.
"WITHOUT Medicines"; only positive cure Tor
total deafness St deaf mutes. Box 4331. Call.
THE best place to buy good umbrellas or
have them covered or repaired Is 120 Stccktcn.
ALL «tyle» uairdressing 23c: hair goods \manl-
curlng. 25c. O. LSDERER". 123 Stockton st.
TAILOR-MADE tult $7 50; dresa pants i2 M.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. TiusU ana Dupont.
MASQUERADE costnmes. play books, wig*.
country orders GOLDSTEIN _ CO.. 733 Mac
ALFR_X>UM ; S~Egyptian Henca restores gray
hair to Us natural cr.ior: |1: at ail drugg.s" .
ioperSuouji hair and mot's removed with elec-
trie needle M— . gt Ml»s Katon. 1111> Suttsr.
PALrtlSTHY.
MME. DEVAS— Scientific palmist and astrolo-
glst. Palm rea.Unjrs $1. Hours 10 to 12 and
1 to 5, and Tuesday evenings. 1S» Post st.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 513
Taylor St.. near Geary. Phone Black 561.
PArKItIIA.\GING. PAIXTIAC. ETC.
ROOMS paperecT *•"• 50 up; mtin*, painting".
Hartmann Paint Co.. 31!) 3d st. :t?l. Main 4i;{.
|>HV;>IC1AXS AyD _ s _ VB :' J i* 1 ®* s '
DR. C C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence.
1021 4 Market st. bet. fith and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073Vi Marke^s^
REMOVED — DR. WONO HIM. herb doctor;
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four y^ars at 113-117 Mason; how lo-
cated at CG7 Geary gt..- near Leavenworth.
DR. TONO PO CHY. successor to Dr. LI Po
Tal. herb doctor; cures all diseanea of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 .Washington st.
WONO WOO. the famous herb doctor— All dls-
»a.«es cured by Chinese herbs. "tfi-S Clay »t.
STOUAG- A.\D WAUEHOCSES.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 72&-
731 Howard st.. near Third; phone Grant 16L
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage A Moving Co.. of-
flce Post and Powell ats. ; . tel. ¦ Prl~. Ex. 571.
CONKLIN'S storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave. ; phono East 128.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made; 840
Mission st. : tel. Howard 041. F. W. Zehf-ss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Morlnff Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore st.; phone Jackson 231.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
; ¦ st. ; tel. Main 1S40. Shipping at eat rates.
The girl, who Is full of mischief as any one can be,
Is cautioning her daddy he must not forget to see
About a Want Ad In The Call to say they need a cook,
For that is where the best of cooks are always sure to look.
The daddy'6 wise in business ways and knows a thing or two,
And tells the child that that, of course, is what he meant to do,
For he has found, as others have, till now 'tis known to all.
That any need can be supplied by Want Ads In The Call.Philip J. and Emille Haver, to Frank B
Moors, -lot on W line of Pierce street, 87:6 N
of Haight, N 25 by W 87 ;6; $10. - .*",,
William ;and Florentina Wankowski to Ste
phen G. Little, lot on S line of Jackson street.
137 A> E of Devisadero. E 27;6 by S 127:8%; $10.
John T. and Belle C. Harmes. to Maud M.
McNutt, lot on SE corner of Fulton street and
Masonic avenue, S 50, ;E 100, S 50-E;31;l, N
101;l%, W 146;3; also lot on' NW,* corner of
Haye» and Masonic avenue, W 108;l by N 125;
John L. and Emma E. >Ielyer to Real Es
tate and Development Company, lot on W
line of Missouri stre»i. 250 S of Eighteenth
B 24 :U by W 100: if 10. - 8x»eentn.
Mission Home and Loan Association to James
and Maggie R. Cantley, lot on N lino of Green'
street, 87 ;6 E Polk, E 25. N 100, SW to point 85
on N line of Green and 87;6 E Polk. S 85; $10
Pacific Realty Company to William F. Wil
son, lot on S line of Turk street. 55 E of Bu
chanan, E 84 ;9. S 137 ;6, W29;9, N 47 ;6, W 55
N 90, quitclaim deed; $10. , . '
Pierre B. Cornwall to same, same; $10.
Antonio Lalolo to PhlHp J. Haver, lot on W
line of Pierce street, S7;6 N of Halght," N 50 by
W 87 ;6; $10. • : • • >
BEAI. ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Abbie N. Neal, lot beginning; at point on SB
line of. street 60 feet wide known at Tenth
avenue ' (Taylor), etc., distant on SE line of
said street 240 NE from NE line of East
Twenty-fourth (Abel) street, thence NE 60. SE
2OO. SW 50, NW 60. SW 10. NW 150 to begin
ning, block 149, Clinton, East Oakland; $10.
J. H. Lane to Alpha R. Lane (wife), lot on
.NW line of Eighth avenue. 50 NE of East
Tenth street, NE 50 by NW 100. block 19.
Clinton. East Oakland; gift.
Edward D. Harmon to Helen Harmon, lot
on N line of Woolsey street. 300 B of Calais,
B- ,150 ¦ by N 270, lots 3 to 6 and 18 to 20,
block H, 'map subdivision of S portion of Har
mon Tracts Berkeley; gift.
Chris and Christine Nelson (wife) to Theo
dore C. Bee, lot on NE line of East Twenty
third street. 46JS2 NW of Twenty-sixth avenue,
NW 40 by NE 130.21." lot 5. block D, Latham
Terrace,. Brooklyn Township: $10.
John and Margarita Brandt (wife) to Mary
Hamilton (single), lot on NW line of Orchard
avenue, 100 SW of Sunnyslde, NW 140 by SW
60, lot 34, Marlon Tract, Brooklyn Township;
?10. :
Maria L. West (widow) to Ephralm Harden,
lot on E line , of Hannah street, 145 N of B,
E 133 by N 30, portion of subdivisions B and
C of lot 2, block 798, Watts Tract, Oakland;
$10.
Frederick McGregor to . William C. Mc-
Gregor, all Interest in lots 26 and 27, block
114. and lots 14 to 16 and W 25 feet of lots
17 and IS. block 149. Oakland; $10.
Louis and Mae Pechart (wife) to C. J. Wood
bury, lot on N line of Brown or Thirty-fourth
street. 249 W of Telegraph avenue. W 32 by N
119:10, being E 82 feet of lot 20. Map B. por
tion of estate of A. C. Brown, Oakland: $10.
Louise Shaw Pechart (wife of Charlie P.
Shaw) to same, lot on N line of Brown or
Thirty-fourth street. 239 W of Telegraph ave
nue, W 10 by N 119:10, portion of lot 10. Map
B. Brown Tract/ Oakland; $10.
Mrs. Marion Ober to Mary B. Jones, lot 11
and 5 feet of E side of lot 10, block F revised
map of Claremont-avenue Tract, Oakland;
$2500.
Bertha Wohlers (widow) to Caroline Gllmer
(wife of George), lot on S line of Twenty-sixth
street, 307 W of Grove, W 25 by S 06:4, Oak
land; $10.
Laura I. Trenschel to Laura Belle Trenschel.
lot 6 and W 4 of lot 6. Scoville Tract. Oak
land; gift.
• C. R. D. Hanseti to Andrew H. and Emma
G. Moffett. . lot on E corner of East Twenty
fourth street and Thirteenth avenue NE 60
by SE 150, portion of fractional block 151,
Clinton, East Oakland: $10.
Elizabeth H. Flint (widow) to Henry K. Bel
den, J. A. Folger and W. H. Chickering, .99
of an acre beginning at a point In center line
of bridge over Cemetery Creek. wltn
center line of private road from Webster ave
nue to residence of Jonathan Hunt thence S\\
65, SE 102 NE 55. SE 39.01, SW 97.53. NW
300 thence 'to beginning, Oakland Township: *.».
Calia M. Denlson Cwidow) to Lurana Denison
(single) and Olive D. Ayer (wife of R. B. Ayer),
undivided five-sixths of the following: Lot be
ginning at intersection of center line of Pied
mont a\-enue with center line of Montecito ave
nue thence along said last line N^., 165 -
NW 213.84, NE 305.47, • SE 275.78.
SW 130.. SW 77.8S ' to beginning
of portion of lot 8 in part A, subdivi
sion of map of Bowerman Tract, Oakland
Township: also lots IS to 22, block A. lots 14
to 16. block B. lots 1 to 3, block C, lots 1 to 8,
block D. lots 1 to 4 and SW 20 feet of lot 5
block E. NE 25 feet of lot 5. SW 20 feet of
lot 10, and lots .6 to 9, block F. Stanford Tract.
Oakland; also same property as In deed from
Florence D. Sloper. Alameda; gift.
Same to Florence D. Sloper (single), undivided
one-sixth -interest in eame property as second
description deed from Cella M. Denlson to Lu
rana Denlson et al.. Oakland; $10.
Same to same, undivided one-sixth Interest
in came property as first description of said
deed; $10.
J. L. and Nellie B. Scotchler and Samuel C.
and Laura F. Irving (by J. B. Lanktree. com
missioner) to Frank L. Bateman. lot on E line
of Monroe street, 200 S of Webster, S 200 by B
120, lota 6 to 10, block A. map No. 2 of Bate
man Tract. Berkeley; f5.
J L and Nellie B. Scotchler (wife) to same,
same right of redemption, .etc., quitclaim
deed; $1. _ ,
Fred H. and Florence P. Beaver to R. A.
Berry, lot on S line of Bancroft way, 100 E
of Dana street. E 60 by S 130, lot 3, map of
Beaver Tract, block 1, Berkeley; $10.
R. A. and Florence E. Berry (wife) to 8.
G. Clark, same, Berkeley: $10.
Mary T. Harris (as administratrix of estate
of Kate Torras, deceased) to Charles W. Har
ris, lot beginning at most southerly corner of
lands formerly conveyed to C. N. Champion,
C20 D 85. thence NE 4.62 chains, SE 1.68
chains, S 70 links, to center of small creek,
thence down same to N line of land conveyed
to Mrs. Louisa Banerle, 541 D 133, thence NW
4.21 chains to beginning, same land as per
207 D 304, except portion conveyed as afore
said to Champion, Brooklyn Township; $ .
Charles W. and Minnie Harris (wife) to
Charles N. Champion, same, Brooklyn Town
ship; same; $10.
George R. and Mary T. Harris (wife) to
same, as in deed from Mary T. Harris, ad
ministratrix, e^c. ; also all lands formerly con
veyed to V. A". Torras, 207 D 304, except por
tion conveyed to Charles N. Champion, Brook
lyn Township; $10.
Charles W. and Minnie Harris (wife), same,
same, Brooklyn Township: $10.
Eliseo Bordoni to J. Folcla, lot on NW cor
neV Second and Madison streets. W 75 by N
60, • lots 21 and 22, block - 13. Kellersberger's
map. Oakland: $10. ,, ' "
Dorothea and A. M. 'Manning (husband) to
Helen Pershbaker, lot on N line of Thorne
street (now Sixtieth). 100 W of Channing, W
60 by N 100. lots 21 . and 22, block L map
reeubdivislon of portion Roberts & Wolfskin
Tract, Oakland: $10. . ,
Charles D. Bates' (trustee under, trusts de
clared- by • Superior Court action 16,834, . etc.)
to G A. Peterson, lot on SW corner of Fifth
and Adeline streets. W 153:3 by S 106:6. lots
20 to 31, block 477. map No. 2, Briggs Tract,
Oakland; $10. . ¦ :
Hlbernia Savings and Loan Society to Del
bert A. Brown, lot on.W line of Telegraph
avenue (as same now exists). 65 N of Charter
avenue or Twenty-second street/ W 95:7,. n
64:3, B 94:04. S C4.39. map Tuttle Homestead
Tract, Oakland; also Jot on SW corner of Simp
eon and Telegraph avenues. W 100.9V, S 100.33,
E 102. 63," N" 106. 35, lota l'to 1, Simpgcn Tract
Oakland: -$12,250. •¦"- ¦ -"¦¦¦••.
Adella F. and M. W. Backus (husband) to
J. Newman (owner) with Henry Seymour
(contractor), architect's Rousseau & Son — All
work for. a two-story frame building (flats) on
NE corner of Franklin and Greenwich streets,
E 109:9 by N 25. Western Addition 09; $9500.
Edward B. Hlndes (owner) with Otis Eleva
tor Company (contractors), architect N. J.
Tharp— Freight and passenger elevator work
for an eight-story and basement brick hotel
building on S lino of Butter street, 164:6 E
of Taylor E 60:9 by S 137:8; $5080. •
C. H. Poujol (owner) with Floan- & Wold
(contractors), architect Charles J. Rousseau —
All Work for a 14-etory frame cottage on B
line of Sanchea etreet. 325 S of Thirtieth. 8 25
by E 125 block 26. Falrmount Tract; $2100.
William Ede company (owners) with H.
Williamson Company (contractors), architect
William Curlett— Plumbing and gasfltUng for
building in course of erection on SE line of
Market street. 75 NE of Ninth. NE BO. SE
165. SW 125. NW 75. NE 75. NW 00; $16,150.
, Alameda County.
Spring Valley Water Works to Spring Val
ley Water Company: Note — In abstract No.
3742. September 24. 1903. the following was
omitted from tho deed of the Spring Valley
Water Works to the Spring Valley Water
Company: Outside blocks 1221 to 1223 12S5
to 1287; ajso fractional lots 3 and 10 in sec
tion 20 fractional lots • 1 to 3 and portion lot
4 in section 27, NE V4 of SB V t , and lot 3 in
section 34. lot 9 In section 35. township 2
S. range 6 W. containing 212.32 acres; also
strip 6 chains wide along shore, etc., Laguna
Merced for length of lake front of lot 5, said
section 27. and lots 5 and 6. section 34; also
all Interest in Rancho Laguna de la Merced,
containing 2219 2-3 acres, and In waters of
Lake Laguna Merced, being partly in coun
ties of San Francisco and San Mateo; also
property in other counties (recorded Septem
ber 23. ,1903); $10. »
VV Builders' Contracts.
Hfber W. and Sarah J. Witham to Harry G.
Smith lot on S line of Clement etreet 100:6
W of Eighth avenue. W 20 by S 100: $10.
Harry G. Smith to J. H. Kruse. same; $10.
Emma L. and B. J. Nelll to E. W. Haw
kins lot on' W line of Ninth avenue. 200 S
of Point Lobos avenue. S 25 by W 120: $10.
Isaac and Helena Llebes to John M. and
Emma Peters, lot on W line of Seventh ave
nue. 150 S of A street. S 25 by W 120: $10.
Charles F. Shleblry to Emma W. Tait (wife
of John) lot' on W line of Ninth avenue, 175
S of B street. S 25 by W 120; $4750.
% A W. Wilson, to Bessie R. C. Wilson, lot
on NW corner of Fulton (D) street and First
avenue N 382:1^ WIN S 100, W 20 S
139:104 ' SW 116:7M. S 155. E 241:3; alco lot
on SE line of Mission street, 100 NE- of
Fourth NE 25 by SB 100; also lot on SW cor
ner of Taylor and Turk streets. W 137:6 by S
137:0; also lot on NB corner of O'Farrell and
William ¦ street. SE 28 by N O2.:6; also lot on
SE corner- of Mason and Eddy Etreets. E 75
by 8 92:6. quitclaim deed; $10.
Albert Meyer to George Thomson lot on
W line of Twentieth avenue, 75 N of I street,
N 25 by W 100: $10.
S Ducas Company to I/f-opold Weinstein,
lots 12 and 13, block 8. Tract A, People's
Homestead; $10.
Edward H. Perry to Oscar Heyman. lots 40
and 50 block B. Park. Lane Tract No 1; $10.
also lot on SE corner Hayes and Ash
bury streets, B 25 by B 100; also Jot on N line
of Grove street. 115:8 E of Ashbury. B 75 by
N 137 ;6; also lot on SW corner Fulton street
and Ashbury avenue. W 106;3 by S 130; also
lot on S line of Grove street. 106:3 W.ofiAsh
bury. W 100 by S 137:6; also lot on SW corner
Grove and Clayton streets, s 67 ;6 by. W 112;6;
also lot on E line of Cole, 67;ft S of Fulton,
S 82;0 by E 106;3; also lot on S line' of Fulton
street, 106;3 B of Cole, B 50 by S 137 ;t); also
lot on S line of Grova street, 125 'B of Cole.
E 25. S 260;10%. SW'25:0%. N 262:9%; also
lot on N line of Fulton street. 644 W of Mason
ic avenue, W 102;6H. N 275, E 102;6^, S 275:
also lot on N line of Fulton street, 1637 ;7 W of
Masonic avenue. W 85;6. NW' 94:10%, NW
132-1, SE to point 1537;7 on W line ofMaconlc
avenue, S parallel with Masonic avenue to be
ginning; $10. _ . . ' "; - -
Moses and Bertha Fisher to James Doran,
lot on S line of Clipper street, 80 W of Sanchez,
W 25 by S 114; $10-
Jonathan and Anna M. Anderson to Charles
0 and Pearl C. Olsen, lot on S line of Twenty
third street. 2S0 E of Castro; E 25.br S' 114;
$10.
Samuel H. Watson to Frank Encoyand, lot/
on E line of Douglass street, 338 N of .Twenty
first. N 25 by E 125; $1550. -y ... .
Efiza J. Fish to Harry K. Fish, undivided %
of lot on W line of Stockton street, 39:6 S of
Bush, S 38:6 by W 60; gift. "
Same to Dudley F. Fish, undivided, \L same;
gift. • • ¦•' ¦
Same to George K. Fish, undivided V*. same;
gift. .• ¦ . ;
James P. Sweeney to Mary A. Bullman. lot
on N line of Pine street, 84:6 'E of Taylor,
K 28 by N 84; $10.
William Edwards' and Louis A. and Florence
E. Steiger to Elfse A. Drexler, lot on N corner
of Minna and New Montgomery streets, NE
59:0 by NW 80; $10.
Margaret A. Mullen to William Edwards
and Louis A. Steiger, same; $10.
lAnna M. Kruse to Householders' Building
and Loan Association, lot on W line of- Forty
third avenue, 50 3 of Clement street, S 25
by W 120; $5.
Mary J. and Edwin Kendall to Charles E.
Lind, lot on W line of Vernon street. 175 N
of Garfield (Sherman). N 50 by W 100, lots
40 and 41, block 21, city lands; $U\
Bernard J. F. Siemer (by Floyd C. Cora
egys commissioner) to San Francisco Lumber
Company, lots 13 and 14, block 160, South San
Francisco Homestead and Railroad Associa
tion; ?1000.
Joseph F. Dolan to Thomas J. and Bridget
Kennedy, lots 1307 and 1309, gift map 2; $10.
S. Ducas Company (corporation) to William
P. GaJlaeher, lot on NE line of Wilder street.
150 SB of Diamond. SE 25 by NE 100, lot 7,
block 2, Falrmount; $10.
Oscar Heyman to Franz and Mary Zimmer
man, lot "•Holliday map A; $10.
Continental Buildinc and Loan Association
to Charles S. and Hattle B. Johnson, lot on.
SW line of Sixteenth avenue. 225 NW of P
street NW 25 by SW 100, block 332. O'N. &
H. Tract; $10.
August Lltzins to Emma Hilton, lot on W
line of North avenue. 75:8 N of Cortland
street, N 25 by W 70; $10.
Spring Valley Water Works to Spring Valley
Water Company, thirty-five parcels of' land;
$10.
Marcus H Bert R. and . Blemma Hecht
(trustees under will of Isaac Hecht) to Helen. ]
Bert R., Elsie S. and Summit L. Hecht and
Florence Fries (1-10 each), undivided 1-10 to
each of following: Lot on NE corner of Jack
non and Octavia streets, E 60 by N 117:104;
also lot on E line of Octavia street, 117:104
N of Jackson N 60, E 87:6. S 40, W 27:6,
S 10. W 60; $' .
Helen and Bert R Hecht. Elsie S. and Sum
mit L Hecht and Florence and William Fries
to Blemma Hecht. all same; $10.
Winfleid 8. and Clara M. Davis to Albert
Dernham lot on W line of Devlsadero street,
66:34 N of Pacific. N 66:3% by W 137:6;
$10.
Hannah B. Crocker to J. C. and Alia O.
Fltschen lot on E line of Masonlo avenue, 100
N of Page .etreet N 60 E 137:0, S 40:6. W
14:6, S 9:6. W 123: $10.
William J. McKillop to T. J. Pierce, lot on
W line of Clayton street. 100 S of Haight, S
25 by W 123 -Mi: *10.
¦Htnry and Anna Gellfuss to Mathllde
Schmidt, lot on E line of Treat avenue. 125 I
S of Twenty-first street, S 60 by B 122:6; $10.
Montle F Blanchard to Mrs. J. B. Blanch- I
ard lot on B line of Sanchez street, 25 S of
Hancock, 8 25 by E 110; gift.
Isabella F. Rchottler to Caroline Boris, lot
on E line of Sanchez street. 63 N of , Eight
eenth N 25 by E 100; $10.
Eugene and Julienne Dumontelle. Tallant
Banking Company, C. T>. Blanchl and M. J.
Hawley (by Charles Morris, commissioner) to
Emille Placial lot on S line of Twenty-sixth
street. 25 E of Treat avenue. E 24:4% by S
DO; $2064.
1 Same (by same commissioner) to same, lot
oo SE comer of Treat avenue and Twenty
sixth street. B 25 by S 90; $1605.
Louis and Jennie Sass to Michael J. and
raien M. Gorman lot on S line of Twentieth
street, 70 B of Eureka E 25 by S 97:6; $10.
Fannie A. and James M. Harcourt (by trus
tee) to Theodore Relchert, lot on S line of
Ptne street, 137:6 W of Taylor. W 43 by S,.
137:0; $80,000.
Emily and Michael C. Power to Vladimir
Llgda, lot on S line of Filbert street. 137:6
W of Hyde. W 25 by S 137:6; $1000.
Franz Brauer to Sadie Brauer. lot on S line'
of Bay street. 137:6 E of Stockton, E 45:10 by
S C8:9; also lot on N line of Union street, 97:6
E of Mason E 40:8 by N 137:6; also undi
vided 4 of lot 28. block 5. Flint Tract Home
stead; also lot commencing 2002 NW of
Schwerin street and 379:14 SW of Sunnydale.
NW 110 by SW 200; also lot commencing 937:8
SEiof Schwerin etreet and 256:4 SW of Sun
nydale. SW \41 by SE 105:8; also undivided
1-14 of tract partly in San Francisco and San
Mateo, owned by Alois Brauer, containing 25
acres; gift.
Frank E. and Gertrude Peabody to Adam An
drew lot on E corner of Brannan and Sixth
streets. NE 137:6 by SB 137:6; $10.
Adam and Maitie H.- Andrew to Mount Shas
ta Mineral Spring Company, same; $10.
Mary McCoy or McKoy to I. N. Rosekrans,
lot on SW line of Hayward street, 100 SE of
Harrison. SE 25 by SW SO; also all Interest
in estate' of Richard Brown and in and to es
tate of her mother: $15.
Frank W. and Emma A. Fuller to Joseph
Prince, lot on W line of Twenty-first avenue,
175 N of Lake street. N 25 by W 120: $10.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY. SEPTEMBER 25, 1903.
15
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPIXQ.
ANTLERS. 415 Turk st:— Strictly modern; 4-0
room apartments; fur, or unfur. for hskpg.
HERBERT (The) — Sunny apartments for
housekeeping; gas ranges; Just cewly fur-
nlshed.' 13SQ Polk st.
LEXINGTQN ave., 876— Two rooms, furnished
complete for housekeeping; no children.
MCALLISTER. 638— Sunny suite, sink, gs*
range, hot bath, laundry; adults; 118.
NINTH, 155 — 2 or 3 large furnished houae-
kpg- rms.; gas range; bath; private family.
ST. JAMES, McAllister and Lagunay— Fur-
nished eunny . suite with separate sunny
kitchen; gas range; all complete for house-
keeping; $15 up.
STEVEXSON. 425 — -Well furnished room, grate
and closet; for 2; use of kitchen; rent >10.
STOCKTON,' 1206,' Model Houee— Front rooms,
newly furnished. $5; phone, gas, bath, sunny.
THE Gllleeple. 119 Ninth st.— Nicely furnished
rooms. $1 SO to $3 per week; phone; quiet.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscription* . has been established at 1098
Valencia st. .
HOUMS TO LET— Fnrn. J*°?JH^£^-5^:
A— BRUNSWICK House. 1*3 Sixth— Rooms
25c to $1 per night. Jl 25 to *5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte," S73 Market *t. (or No. 1
Fifth et.)— Rooms. 25c, 60c, *1. $1 &0 night;
$1 60 to $10 week; house open all night.
BURNETT 11^0 Market— (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rooms, suite, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason — Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms: prices reasonable.
GOLDEN GATE. 414 — Newly furnished eunny
suite; also single rooms; $'- to $5 week.
GRAND Southern 7th and Mission— Rooms 50c
to $1 BO r.lght; f2 to $3 week: reading-room.
HAIGHT. 611 — 3 beautifully furnished sunny
front rooms: suite or single; reasonable.
HOTEL. GRAYSTOXE..
68 Geary et.: phone Bush 880.
Centrally located fireproof hotel; elegantly
furnished suites, with baths and singles.
i JACKSON, 2313, bet. Fillmore and Webster —
Large funny bay-window front room; fur-
nish'.d; suitable for two: bath; reasonable.
JKSSIE. 303, E. of U. S. Mint — Furnished
front rooms; J5 per month;
MCALLISTER, lf>M. near G. G. Park— Furn.
rms., eunny; bath; board optional; magnif'ct.
O'FARRELL, 20 — Sunny furnished rocms and
offices; elevator; elec. light*; day, week. mo.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis — Incandescent lights,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms per night, 35c to $1 60; week. $2
to $S; month, $8 to $30; elevator on ground
flocr; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
ET. JAMES. McAllister and Laguna— Front
tunny rooms; all new; very cheap; telephone
Page 5751.
THE FALMOUTH. 1049a Market St. ; furnished
rooms; hot and cold water; elevator; central.
UNITED STATES, 123 Eddy st., near Market— ;
400 single and family rooms; 35c to. $1 night;
tl 75 to $6 week; elevator: electric lights;
reading-room; free bus and bac?age.
WEBSTER, 66 — Elegantly furnished "front par-
lor suite of rooms; all conveniences; private
family; for 2 gentlemen or man and wife.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 3d st. near Market—
Most convenient and respectable : 700 rooms;
B5c to fl 60 night; $2 to $8 week; elevator;
elec lights; reading-room; free bus; baggage.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office, for Call advertisements and
subscriptions, has been established at 1098
Valencia «t. ,
'ROOMS AXD BOARD.
STEVENSON Mansion, 607 California st. — At- .
tractive and sightly rooms; best table and
service; lowest rates.
VAN NESS ave.. 1714 — Private boarding-house,
home like, everything first class; sunny
suites; single rooms; choice locality; ref.
WASHINGTON, -1402— Nicely furnished room,
with or without board. . .
SPECIAL NOTICES.
THE annual meeting of the lot owners of the
Odd Fellows' Cemetery will be held on Mon-
day, September 28, 1903, at 2 p. m., at the
office of the association. Point Lobos ave.,
for the election of four trustees, etc. By
order of the board of trustees.
WILLIAM E. LUTZ, President
GEORGE PENLINGTON. Secretary.
NOTICE Is hereby given that the Transfer
Books for the transfer of stock of The Bank
of California will by closed September 15.
1903. at 3 o'clock p. m. and will reopen on
Friday. October 2. 1&03. By order of the
Board ot Directors
ALLEN M. CLAY. Secretary.
September 3. l!)03.
DR. A. E. NEUMEISTER, Surgeon — Special
attention given to medical and surgical dis-
eases of women, diseases of the liver, stom-
ach and bowels. 513-14 Starr King' bldg.,
121 Geary st.; tel. Private Exchange 218.
PENSION attorney; M. HARRIS. 40 Ellis st,
San Francisco: 14 years' experience.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cent* — The Weekly Call
ifi rapes, in wrapper, fcr mailing. $1 per year.
SPECIALISTS.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES in EARS
positively cured; new method; 1 week's treat-
ment free. Dr. Cottlneham. 204 gutter st.
SEWIXG MACHINES AXD SUPPLIER
NEW HOMK sewing macniuc, this week only
$10. $15. $20; slightly used: needles 20c doz.
NEW HOME S M. CO.. 1051 Market Et
STLTTEniXG a>D STAMMERING.
MELBOURNE School. Van Ness-Market — Cure
in every case; individual 'teaching;' no medl-
clne. Inquire into wonderful cures; home cure.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DTv^D^CD^NOCICE^InX Redi Men's Hall
Asi=. At the last regular meeting- of the
Board of Directors Dividend No. 42, of 50c
p*-r share, was declared payable on Sept. 25.
1903. at S p. m., Red Men's Hall,. 510 Bush
et. Stockholders must present their shares or
d.vi-it-iiJs will not be tiald. - - .
CHAS. SCHLESINGER, Prea.
C. G. BOLSDORFF. Secy.
DIVIDEND Notice. — Mercantile Trust Company
cf San Francisco— Dividend No. 2 of three
dollars per share will be payable at the of-
fice of the corporation, 236 Bush st. San
Francisco, October 1, 1903; transfer 'book*
will close September 23, 1903.
JOHN P. MrKEE. Secretary.
MARRIAGE LICENSES. ~"
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday :
Giovanni Martini, 40, 2 Moulton place, and
Maria Daneri, 22, 2 Moulton place.
John Olsson, 21, 016% Lombard street, and
Cecelie C. Engdahl, 18. 102C Treat avenue.
James Watson, 22, 14 Clara street, and Har-
riet E. Williams, 18, 140 Fllver street.
Peter A. Coleman. 3«, 1024 Carolina street
and Augusta Llndstrom. 37, 1024 Carolina Ft.
William A. Schadde, 21, city, and Mary M.
Gorham. 21, city.
Earl K. Smith, 24, 1308 Guerrero street and
Addle Haubold, 24. 130S Guerrero street
Martin J. Cavanaugh. 21. Niles. and Mary
E. Cleary. 18. 1271 Folsom street.
George H. Carlsen, 23, Fresno, and Esther
M. Hale. 23, city.
Jens Sorensen, 33, city, and Anna E. An-
derson, 23, city.
Thomas H. Nielsen. 85, Rio Vista, and
Christine Hansen, 27. 1312 Natoma street
Frederick W. Kramer, 24. 1243 Union street
and Mollle A, Toohy. 22. 1830 Filbert etreet
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHSL
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and 'residence of per-
eons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
BOUTEILLER — In this city. September 22,
1903, to the wife of Eugene Boutelller, a
daughter.
CATANICH— In this city, September 23, 1903,
to ' the wife of Joseph Catanlch, a son. ,
ESSELSTYNE^ — In this city, September 23,
1803, to the wife of C. E.' Esselstyne. a
daughter.
GORDON — In Tacoma, Wash., September 23,
1003, to the wife of Captain Lemuel Gordon,
a son.
TORRES— In this city. September 21, 1903, to
the wife of L. J. Torres, a daughter. ' - '
~~ Tabbied!
BEAN— HANSEN— In this city; September 23,
1'j03, by the Rev. G. A. | Bernthal, Herbert
D. Bean and Caroline C. Hanson, both of
, San Francisco.
SCHROEDER— AHRENS— In this city, Sep-
tember 23, 1S03. by the Rev. Paul Branke,
John William Schroeder and Annie Ahrans,
•both of Ban ¦ Franeiaco. ¦ - •_ •<¦
P-^A 1 " ESTATE — CITY— FOR SAX.E.
THE MCCARTHY COMPANY. e48 Market st.
*50.OOO— New Padflc are. lnveBtment; now
s« nn^l^ 1 for $5000 «• Tear.
jo.ooo — Pierce and Vallejo ets. corner; marine
,, n -- vtew : street work all done.
53,030— Choice corner on Union et.. with two
„ c °ttage6; rented; suitable to improve.
*i.«XJO — Ocean Boulevard corner. 100x125; half
-..reaJ value for quick saJ«.
• **->*i — F"or a Simnyslde level lot: owneroust
eell.
lo" 1^ 0 " 7^ 0 fla - t «- always rented, near Union.
5--.W0— Cottape home; Bteiner et.. near Fil-
. »ert; tarsrailt
R»5 — Steiner st. cottage; a choice locality.
i--..Vi'.> — Lot, Union et. near Pierce; marine
\"1e*-.
$2.000 — Lot. Scott St., near Cnlon: ready for
building:.
51,200 — Greenwich st. building lots, through
to rear street,
$175— Special bargain for Lakeview few
days.
f 1.300— Corner lot on Webster Bt.: bargain.
$C50 — Frultvale; large corner lot; Install-
meet p«LjTnen.ts.
? 1.200 — \\>bster et. lots, near Greenwich; eee
them,
TUEMcCARTHT COMPANY. 640 Market St.
MAGNIFICENT CORNER OX BROADWAY.
521.000.
60x137 :6.
A north comer on Broadway, with the street
¦work and sidewalk en bcth etreets all done;
magnificent view cf bay. Marin County hills
nnd Golden Gate: first-class surroundings.
THIS LOT MUST BE » 'LD. MAKE AN OF.
FEK.
THOMAS SIAGEE &. SOSS,
r. MONTGOMERY ST.
CHEAP LOT IN Tinf \lisi=IO~N; "
T\\'EXTY-THIIU) BT.
$70(>.
23 f»>et fror.t by 114 feet deep; Just reduced
from $^50; owner is anxious to make immedi-
ate rale.
THOMAS MAGEE & SONS.
5 MONTGOMERY ST.
BAHGAIN — Two handsome new residences of
6 roorrs ar.d bath; eunny, modern and up to
*ate in every particular; Ncs. 066 and SCSI
Clayton ft., near Golden Gate Park- price
$M0O and $5400. Apply R. D. CRANSTON
& PONS. 114 Montgomery et.
511.000 — INCOME property south of Market Bt. ;
r*y» IOV4 per ernt net after deducting- all
expenses. TliOUXE & CO.. 312 Bush tt.
f lSOV- 2 NEW Sats of 4 and 5 r. and b; Army,
rear MlFEion: will pay 2") per cent on Invest- ,
ment. I>. COFFIN' & CO.. 3303 Mlselon.
BUILD on your unimproved realty: we loan
full coet Impror. and rart lot at 0 per cent.
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker#buHdln«.
FOR *aV — House 8 rrr.j.; high basement; sunny
elde 19th, bet. Valencia and Mission: no reas.
offer refuted. Stephen* & Co.. Un!on-Rj. Mkt.
9-ROOM house: lot £.ixl2fi; Fhrader et.. near
Oak. G. EX. CMBSEX & CO.
?12r^» — t-ROOM cottag-e; lot 25x110. 3238 Har-
rl»;n St.. near Preclta ave.; inquire 3224.
TO LEASE — General farm. K'rt Acres, in Con-
tra Cpgta Co. Hox ?~. Lafayftte. CaJ.
HEAL ESTATE Coonlry For Sale.
2 ACRES land, adjcir.ing; Union Park. Colma;
fene*d hedges around land; pood house;
chicken-hcusee. water; reasonable; chickens,
ducks. R. S. THORNTON. 410 Examiner bid.
FRUIT ranch. 22 acre*; fu'.l bearing-; Im-
provements; prunes. Vi apricots.
T*aches; trees 10 years oM. For partlcu-
lar*. A. 3. McCOY. Campbell. Cal.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards: Inspected bargains; monthly cata-
Irrues eer.t free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 648
• Market rt.
A WEEK'? news for 3 cent* — The "Weekly Call.
Iff Ptfff. in wrapper. fr;r mailing. >1 per year.
roi\T mcHMoxn heal, estate.
WATER front lots btA barpalns; all tracts;
rr.ara. photos, etc. BELL. 417 Parrott bldg.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMEiNTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
' JUST VTHAT YOU ARE LOOKING FOR.
A PRETTY HOME IN ALAMEDA.
Surrounded by flowers and fruit trees; near
train and schools; or.ly 12850; lot 75x123.
Nice B-room cottag-e and bath.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
Tel. Grar.d 1*16. 15OQ Park St.. Alameda.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 aEOADWAY.
OA^iLAXD^J^irj^XITUUira FOB SALES.
TO-MORROW the day for bajgu7ns~7n~furnn
ture. H. Schellhaaa. 11th St.. cor. store. Oaklnd.
TYPEWRITERS AXD SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEW'RTTER&^CVe
eeil better machines lor less money than any
house in the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, 536 California; telephone Main 26U.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each; get par-
ticulars. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
gomery et. •
ID-HAKD type-writers sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Type-writer Ir.wpec. Co.. SOS Market.
FROt O*ALS.
PROPOSALS for clothing and equipage. Depot
quartermaster's office. 'M New Montgomery
St.. t=an Francisco, Calif crr.la, September 7,
1S03. — Sealed proposals In triplicate will be
received at this office until 10 a. m.. Mon-
day, September 28. 1903. Pacific Standard
time, and then opened fcr furnishing at
«ithcr the Philadelphia. Boston, Chicago or
Ean Francisco depots, cf luO.000 pairs woolen
stockings, seamltas. heavy quality, conform-
ing in all respects to 5tcndards and Fpeciflca-
tk ns to be seen at this office. Bidders sub-
mitting proposals fcr stockings differing In
make fcum the estaliHyhed Etandard sample, !
inust FUtmit with iheir bids a sample stocking '
turti of they propose to furnish. Quantities
to be t ubject to .an Increas* cf 20 -per cen-
if detired by the department. Blda-for tho
eame article* will be opened same time ai
tbe other depots above mentioned.
To avoid misunderstanding as to- the exact
nature of the articles to be furnished, bidders
vill carefully examine the standard samples
acd specification*, eo that proposals may be
submitted by them 'with a full knowledge of
what will be required, as an absolute com-
.jJiance with the Flandards and specifications
-w-iJI be insiFted upon in tbe inspection of the
fc-rxitfs, Unguaranteed bids, and bids for de-
livery or inspection at other points than those
named above will not be consi.ler-d. Early
de!:veries are essential. Bidders must state
In their proposals the rate and time of de-
livery, should contract be awarded to them
Preference will be given to articles cf dol
rm-Ktic production and manufacture condi-
tions of price and quality being equal (| n -
• eluding In the price of foreign production
end manufacture the duty thereon) and such
preference will be given to articles of Ameri
can production and manufacture product-d
on the Pacific Coast to the extent of the con-
sumption required by the public service there
The United States reserves the right to ac-
cept or reject nny or all proposals or any
part thereof. Information ar.d blanks for
proposals will be furnished on application
Envelopes containing proposals will be ln-
doraed ••Proposal* No. ChOO." and addressed
. to Major C. A. Devol. Quartermaster. U. S
Army. Depot Quartermaster.
PP.OPOSALS will be received at the Bureau
ot Supplies and Accounts, Navy Department
Washington. D. C. until 12 o'clock noon'
October 20. 1903, and publicly opened Im-
mediately thereafter, to furnleh at the navy
yards. Mare Inland, CaJ., and Puget Sound
Wash., a quantity of, electrical supplies, cop.
per cable, etorag-e battery, eignal boxes, nuts
rivets, brushes, marine cement, cand, brlckl
muslin, linen, stateroom crochery. screws,
locks, differential blocks, drills, emery cloth'
miscellaneous hardware, machine tools, hand
]axnp«, Oregon pine, redwood, sugar pine.
r herry. ingot copper, bar iron, sheet eteel,
•Fheet lead. Bolder, bar Eteel, Ruction hose, red
lead, white- lead, paints, phosphide of cal-
cium, glycerine. lubricant, brass and steel
tub«s, steam gauges a.nd stationery. Blank
proposals will be furnished upon application
to the Na\-y Pay Offices, Ean Francisco. Cal.
and Seattle. Wash. H. T. B. HARRIS, Payl
master General. U. S. N. 9-12-03.
PROPOSALS for subsistence supplies. Office
Purchasing Commissary. San Francisco, Cal.,
September 1#. 1903 — Sealed proposals for fur-
nishing and delivering of such quantities of
subsistence supplies, delivered at such wharf
or wharves or such warehouses In San Fran-
cisco. Cal.. as per circular to be seen at this
office, will l.e received here until 11 o'clock
a. m.. Friday. September 25, 1903, and opened
immediately thereafter. In presence of. bid-
ders. Specifications, general Instruction* to
bidders and blank forms of proposals will bs
furnished to established dealers on applica-
tion to C. R. KRAUTHOFF. Major Com'y.
ban francisco! cai.. Sept. 22, 1903.—
Sealed proposals, in triplicate, will he re-
ceived here until 11 o'clock a_ m.. October 2.
luo.i, and tlw-n oDened for construction of
1 tore building and cable tank building- at
Presidio of San Francisco, Cal. Government
reserves richt to reject or accept any or all
bids In whole or In part. Information fur-
nished on application to WM, S. PATTEN*.
Atit Quartermaster General. Chief Q. M.
IX S. ENGINEER Office. Flood building. San
Francisco, Cal.. Aug. 26, 1003.'— Sealed -pro-
posals for repairing U. S. snagboat Selrer
•will -be received here until. noon. September
S8, 190.1. Information on application. W. H.
UEUER, Lieutenant Colonel of Engineers.
RAILWAY TBAVEIw
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Train* leave tnd are doe to arriv* *S
SAN FRANCISCO.
'. - (Main Line. Toot of Market 3treet> • •
MUTa — FBOM 8«PTUtB»l 2. 1903. — AaaIT»'
7.00a Benlcla, SuUun, Elmlxa and Sacra- J"
meato 725i»
7.00a Vtcarllle. Winter*. Ramsey- 7-25*
7 J0» Martinet. Saa Ramon, vallejat
Napa, Callstoca, Santa Rota B-25P
7.30a Kllea, LWarmore. Latorop. Stock-
ton 733*
8.00a DaTti, Woodland. Entgat* Landtag;
HarrtTllle. OroYllle. (connect*
tt Mary syllle for (irldley, Bigg*
•odChico) — .. 74§r
800a Atlantic Express— OgdenandKasi. 10.23a
800* Port Coata. Martinez. Antloch. Br-
roa,TTacy,Stoektoa,Sacramentai,
Lo* Banoa, llendota. Uaoford.
Yisalla. Porterrille 4.23*
8X0a Port Coita. Martinez. Tracy. Lath-
rop, Mudeito. Merced. Fresno,
Gosnen Junction, Hanford/ Vt-
salla, BakertSeld &2W
8.30a Bhaita Exprei* — DaTls. Williams
<for Bartlett Spring*). Wtllcirs. *
v » •¦¦"- tKroto. Bed Bluff. Portland 7.55*
8.30a Nllej, Saa Joae, LlTermOTe. Stock* -..
(OQ.Ione.Sacrameato,PlaeerrlUtt»
MarysTllle. Cblco, Red Bluff 425f
840a Oskdale. Chtneae. Jamestown. So-
. nora. Tuolamne and Angels 4.Z5?
9.00a Martlnex and Wsy SUtloas. Iw
1000a Vallejo_ 124S»
10410a El Paao Paaaanfer. East&onnd.—
Fovt Costa, Martinez. Byron,
Tracy, Lathrop, S.teektea,
Merced. Raymond. Fresno. Haor
¦fcitL Vlsalia, Bakenasld. Los
Augelei and El Pa*«. (Wesfr
bound arrlTes Tia Coast Line)... <1.53f
10.00a Tbe OTerland United — Ogdaa.
DeaTer. Omaha, Cblcsco. 8 25*
12.CQ* Hayward. Nllea and Way Stations. 3-25»
ti-OOr Sacramento Vim Steamers.. tii.OOr
tZOr Benlda. Winter*. Sacramento^ ¦ - -
Woodland. Williams. ColnM.WU-
lows, Knlrtta Landing, Marys-
Yllle. Ororllle and wsy stations.. 18H*
5.30? Hsrwsrd, Kll.es sndWty Buttons.. 755*
4C0r Mnrtlne2.SanK1raoa.VAileJo.Napa. .
. Callttoe*. Santa Rosa „¦•*?•
4-00r Martinez, Traey.Lathrop.Stoekton, 10-29A
4 00p Nile*. LlTermore. Stockton. Lodl.. 4.2SV
4-30r Hayward. Nllea. IrTlngtoa. Baa I t8.55»
Jose. Lfrtrmore I 111.55*
640t The Owl Limited— Freino.TuIare,
Bakertfleld, Los Angeles 1.33a
6 -Mr Port Costa, Trtcy, Stockton, Lo*
Bsnos IMS*
t830r Hayward. Kllea and Saa Joae ..... 7.23a
• .OOp Hayward. Nile* and San Joae... .... 1023a
6.00* Oriental Mall— Ojrdea. Denver.
. Omaha, St. Louis. Chicago ana
East. Fort Coata, Benida, Sul-
tnn, Elmlra, Darls, Sacramento,
Roekltn, Aubu-n. Colfax.
Trnckee. Boca, heao. Wad*-
worts, Wlnnemaeea, Battla
Mountain, Elko 4.Z9T
».. Reno. Troekee, Sacramento, Darta,
Sulsun, Benlcta, Port Coata 7-55*
8. 00p Vallejo, dally, except Soaday.... I 7 cs«
7-OOr VUleJo, Sunday only ,f ••••*¦
7X0? San Pablo, Port Coitt. Martlaas
and Way Stations a 11.21*
8C5f Orezon * California Exprei*— Sac-
ramento, MarytTillc. Reddiac.
Portland, Pnget Soucd and Eaai. 8-5Sa
8.1 Or Hayward. Mtlea aad Saa Jo«e (3aa-
day only) 11.55a
11.25p Port Coata, Tracy, Latarop. Mo-
detto. Merced. Raymond (to To-
Semite), Fresno, Uaaford. Vfc
salla. Bakertfleld 122»>
COAST LINE (Sarrow tiaagt).
(Foot of Market Street.)
7>4Sa Santa Cms Excuralon < Sunday
only) ¦.10»
8.15a Newark. Centarrtlle. Saa Joae.
Felton. Boalaer CTeek. 8»nl*
Oras and Way Stations 8 23*
t2-16> Newark, CenUrrfUe. Saa Jose,
New Almaden. Lo* GatovTelton,
Boulder Creek, Saata Cros and
Principal War SUUons 1043a
4.16P Newark. San Jo*e, Los Oatos and
way atatlon* (oa Saturday and
Bnnday ran* Uiroagh to Bant*
Cruz; Monday only from S»nt*
Cruz). Connects st Feltoa to
and from Boulder Creek tg-BBA
.OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY. •
From SANfHAN CISCO, Foot of Market St. (SUsD
—17x19 »:00 11:00 a.*. 100 300 6.15 r.n.
From OAKLAND, Foot of Broadway — t*:«X» i3:0»
f8:08 10:00 A.M. 42.00 200 4-00 f.m.
COAST LINE < BfW>d -•"«*>
Or (Third and Townaend Streets.)
8-10* San Jotesod Way Stations t-SQr
I/.OOa San Jote and Way Buttons 5 .i3r
7.15a Monterey and Santa Crux Excor-
¦lon (Sunday only) 830p
¦ 00a New Almaden (Tup*.. Frld.. oaly), 4.10s>
8 00 * Coast Line Limited— Stop* only Saa
Jose. Gllroy (connection for Hot-
litter), Pajaro. Caurornie, Sa-
linas, San Ardo, Paao Robles,
SanU Marg>riU,San Lais Oblipo,
Guadalupe. Surf (connection for
Lompoc). Santa Barbara. Sangns
and Lo* Angele*. Connection at 4
CaatroTtlle to aad from Monterey
and Paelse Grore 10.437
I. 00a San Joae, Trea Plnos, Capitols,
SanuCruz.PaclflcOroTe.Salinas.
San Luis Oblipo and Principal
Intermediate SUUons 4.10*
•0.30a San Jote and Way StaUons......... 1.20?
1100a Cemetery Paaaenger— South Saa
Franeiaco, Saa Bruno 1.08*
11 .30 a Santa Clara, San Joae, Lea Gatos
and Way Station* 7.JI0P
«1.30r 8an Joae aad Way SUUons ... ....x7 00p
Z.OOr 6in Jose and Way Station! 19 40a
2.30? Cemetery Passenger — Sonta 81a
Francisco, Saa Bruno 4.3&P
tSXOr Del Monte Ezprea*— Santa Clara,
Saa Jo*e, Del Monte, Monterey,
Pacific Grore (connecU at Santa
Clara for Sanu Crux, Boulder
Creek and Narrow Gauge Point*) t1 2-1 5»
•JOr Pacific Grove and Way Station*—
Bnrllagame,9aa Mtteo.Ked wood,
MenloPark. Palo Alto, May Held,
Mounuin View. Lawrence. 8aata
Clara. San Joae, (Oilroy.HolUs-
ter, Trea Pino*), Pa)«ro, WaUon-
rllle. Capitola, Santa Cru, Cas-
troTllle, Sallaaa 13 45*
4-30r San Joie and Way SUUons 8-J8*
b-OQr Ban Jose. (t1% Saata Clara) Lot
Gatos, Wright and Principal Way
SUUon* (except Sunday) 9 00a
iS-ZOr EaaJote and Principal Way Station* t3.CCA
tB.I&r SanMateo,Bere*tord,Belmont.Saa
Carlo*. Redwood. Fair Oaks,
MenloPark. Palo Alto 19-45*>
fi.SOr San Joae aad Way Sutlona. 6.35a
7-COr Sanm Limited. Eastboand.— San
Lois Obltpo. Sanu Barbara, Los
Angeles, bemlng. El Paso, New
Orleans. New York. (Westbeuad
arrive* Tta San Joaqutn Valley)... rt.ffii
8.00 r Palo Alto and War Stations ,. 10.15*
11.30* South San Francisco. MlUbrae.1
Burllngame, Saa Mateo, Bet-
mont, Saa Carlos, Redwood, .....
Fair Oaks. Meslo Park. Palo S'ltt
Alto, M»7fleld, Mounuia View. »•«»»
Sunnyvale.' Lawrence, Santa V. '
Clara and San Jote .....J
A for Mernlng. P for Aftemooa.
X Saturday and Sunday only. j Sunday ealy.
I Stop* at all sutlona on Sunday. .
t bun <3»y exeepted. a Saturday only.
« Via Coast Line. w Via Saa Joaqula Valley.
• Reno train eaitbouad dUcontlnmed. - ,
EVOnly trains atopplag at Valencia St. so«tBbeu4
a«S:10*.M..r;:0U^J«..ll:J0AJ«..2:Mr'Oi. and*:30r-».
_ T() SAN RAFAEL
SANQUENTIN,
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO,ETC.
via Sausalito Perry
WEEK DATS — (Holidays exceptedV- 6:45.
t»7:45 8:45, 0:45. 11 a. m.. 13:2a n:4S. 3;15,
4:15. t5:13. ' e:1 3- 6:45 > •• 11:4 » * m *
7:43 a. m. train week days does pot rua to
M SUNDA?3 AND IXOAL. HOLIDAYS- 7.
t8. t*0. t*10. 11. fll:3O a, m.. t!2:30. f*:30.
i:35 •3:5O. 5. «, 7:30; 9. 11:45 p. m.
Trains marked (*) run to San Quentln.
Those marked (t) to Fairfax, except 5:15 p. m.
Saturdays. On Saturdays the 3:15 p. m. train
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
—Week day«— 8:25, t8:23. 7:40. 8:15. $9:33.
11:05 a. m!7 12:30. 2:20. *3:43. 4:30. 5:30, 6:45.
10 8UNDATS-e:15. 7:33. JS:10, 9:10. J10:55.
tll:45 a. m-, 12:50. 2:io> J3:23, 4:40. J5:50.
8:55, 7:35. 10:20 p. m.
Trains marked (t) start from San Quentla.
FROM MILL. VALLEY TO SAN FRAN-
CISCO — Week days — 5:45. «:40. 7:45. 8:25,
»:45. 11:10 a. in.. 12:40. 2:45. 4:15. 0:10. T:05.
10"40 d m.
SUNDAYS— 6:33. 7:53. 10. 11:10 a. m.. 12:03.
1-05 2:40 3:45 4:33. 8:06. 7:10. 10:40 p. m.
' THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a. m., week days— >Cazadera a.-«J way
stations.
5:15 p. tn.. week day» (Saturdays exeepted)—
Tomales and way stations.
8:13 p. m.. Saturdays— Caxadero and waj
stations.
Sundays and Legal Holidays — S a. m., Cui.
dero and way stations.
Sundays and Legal Holidays — 10 a. m., Point
Reye« and way stations.
TICKET OFFICE — C28 Market st.
FERRY— Foot of Market st.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAJLWAY
Leave Ha Saaatia* hnj \ Arrive
Saiftia. »*»fHsr»*al Sasi Kwau
Week I S«J»- ' »» IWeeT
(h4ftA 8:00a /wCat»l 1*'OQ» 5TTZX
»tlfti> IO^OOa >^^^S/ 3:SOi> At»Ov
iZZT StSSp «»OOr ._
trtp*ty»ni7. tttw TmraT SiSOy.mtrtll. ll»30y
TlttJt lt» MAUfT St_ (North Soote iUilroadi
¦niOS I *ad Sactauto RaJtaT Foot Ifarksc Sc
16 Pages. 1
STATEMENT
— OF THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OF THE—
Norwich Union Fire
INSURANCE SOCIETY
OF Norwich. England, on the 31st day of
December. A. D. 1902, and for the year
ending on that day, as made to the Insurance
Commissioner of the State of California, pur-
suant to the Provisions of Sections 610 and
611 of the Political Code, condensed as per
blank furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
in Cash I 6CO.000.00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company. .$ 289.500.00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.. 40.000.00
Cash Market Value of %11 Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company.. 4,515,078.50
Cash in Company's Office 500.00
Cash in Banks 1,146,377.34
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 48,581.84
Interest due and acrrued on
Bonds and Mortgages 285.00
Premiums In due Course of Col-
lection 978.696.48
Bills , . receivable, not ' Matured,
taken for Fire and Marine
Risks 67.911.42
Total Assets 17.086.930.68
LIABILITIES.' ~~
Losses adjusted and unpaid V
Losses in process of Adjustment rv- '-_ ;-'_\
or in Suspense $267,357.93
Losses resisted. Including ex-
penses , :
Gross premiums on Fire Risks ,
running one year or less,
a. 1 ; reinsurance 50 per
ienTT.. 2.861.813.54
Gross premiums on Fire Risks .
running more than one year,
$ ; reinsurance pro rata. \
Cash dividends remaining unpaid. 2,280. CO
Due and accrued for salaries,
rent «tc 15,000.00
Bills Payable 18.9C9.02
Total Liabilities $3,165,419.98
..-¦:-.t: .=
;\ income.
Net cash actually received for #
Fir* premiums $5,115,849.67
Received for Interest on Bonds
and Mortgages ;-•••:- - 1.W-00
Received for interest and divi-
dends on Bonds. Stocks, Loans,
and from all other sources.'.... 152,886.79
Received for Rents 12.826.85
Received from all other sources.. 5,079.27
Total Income ....$5.288.307.58
{ EXPENDITURES. ~~
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(including $ , lossea of .._,.._...
previous years) $2,450,787.30
Dividends to Stockholders 218.790.00
Paid or allowed for Commission'
or Brokerage 1,022,677.17
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.. 456,826.33
Paid for State, « National and
Local taxes 101,729.03
All other payments and expendl-
turea 272,800.61
Total Expenditures $4,520.610.63
FireT"*
Losses incurred during the year... $2,393,219.94
RISKS AND PREMIUMS.
I Fire Risks. | Premiums.
Net amount of
Risks written
during the year... $1,949,788,855 $8,923,654.08
Net amount of
¦ ; Risks expired
during the year.. 1.593.641.585 5,202. 740.64
Net amount In
¦ force December '¦ ¦¦
31 t 10Q2 1.611,379.110 8,663,335.63
:"-~~~ FRANK A. CUBITT. President
"- 't ? :¦ ¦ y C. A.-- B. BIGNOLD. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this
23d day of March. 1903. '
I. B. T. HALES. "' Notary Public ;
Pacific Department
314: California St., Sail Francisco
W. H. L0WDEN,; Manager.
JOHN D. RICHARDS,
Superintendent City Department
DIED.
Brewer, Ties T. Rayner. John H.
Davia, Lucy J. * f Shevlin, ¦ Thomas
Ellison, Charlea Smith. Helen M.
Orenzebach. Frances Tompkins, Joseph
Haskln. Adeline A- Treacy, Chas. C. T.
Kennedy, Annie Upton, Susie D.
Krogh, Caroline F. Welker. Gladys
McMahon. Anna . Wilson, Almon R.
Maraesl. Alblna Wood, Katie E.-
Olsen. Mellne M-
BREWKR— In this - city, -September 21. 1903,
Tlea T. Brewer, a native of Holland, aged
60 years 11 months and 18 days. •
ETThe funeral will take place to-day
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of the United Undertakers. 866 Mission
street. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
DAVIS — In this city, September 22. 1903.
Lucy Jane, beloved wife of George Davis,
and mother of Ida M.. Aaron W. and Georg-
lna Davis, Mrs. Emma L. Lease and Mrs.
F. C. Evans, a native of Warren, Me., aged
Cl yean 4 months and 6 days. (Rockland
and Thomaston, Me., papers please copy.)
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Saturday, September 26, 1003. at 10 o'clock,
at her late residence, 147 Fourteenth ave-
nue, near California etreet. Interment Cy-
presa Lawn Cemetery.
ELLISON— Drowned in Honolulu Harbor. H.
T., September 19, 1903. Charles Ellison, be-
loved husband of Clara Ellison, and father
of Clarence Ellison, a native of Laurvlg.
Norway, aged 40 yeare.
CyBurled on the 21st of September. 1903.
GRENZEBACH- In this city. September 24.
1903, Frances Grenzebach, beloved sister of
Virginia N. Chapman, and aunt of Mrs. F.
E. Douglas, a native of New York.
HASKIN— In Ashtabula. Ohio, Seotember 13,
1903, Adeline Amelia Haskln, relict of J. W.
Haekin, a native of Chautauqua County, New
York, aged 76 years.
KENNEDY — In this city. September 24. 1003.
Annie Kennedy, a native of Armagh, Ire-
land, aged 63 years. A member of Third
Order of St. Francis.
C?"Remain« at the parlors of Carew &
English. 29 Van Ness avenue. Notice of
funeral hereafter.
KROGH— In this city, September 23, 1003.
Caroline F. Krogh, dearly beloved wife of
P. W. Krogh, and mother of Fannie J. and
Mary L, Krogh, a native of New York, aged
61 years.
CTFriends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Saturday), at 1:30
o'clock, from her late residence, 2506% Sut-
ter street. Interment Mount Olivet Ceme-
tery, by electric funeral car from Eighteenth
and Guerrero streets.
McMAHON— In this city, September 23, 1903,
• Anna McMahon, wife of Lawrence Mc-
Mahon, and devoted mother of Mrs. D. C.
Coleman and Mrs. W. J. Brady Jr., a na-
tive of Boston, Mass. (Boston, Mass., pa-
pers please copy.)
IC7"The funeral will take place to-day
(Friday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 712 & Tennessee street, between
Eighteenth and Nineteenth, thence to St.
Teresa's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
MARASBI — In this city. September 24. 1903,
Alblna, dearly beloved daughter of the late
Francesco and Antoinette Marassl, and be-
loved niece of Mr. and Mrs. G. B. Capurro.
a native of San FranclMo, aged 15 years 6
months and 9 days.
ET^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock, at the
residence of her uncle, 134 Oswego avenue,
off Onondaga street, between Mission road
i and Delaware street. N. B. — At 10 o'clock.
Fame day, a requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul at Corpus
Christi Italian Church, Croke street. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
OLSEN — In this city. September 23, 1903, He-
lena Melba; beloved daughter of Svend and
Rebecca Olsen, and eister of Gladys Olsen,
a native of San Francisco, aged 10 months
and 12 days.
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Friday. September 25, 1903, at 2 o'clock, at
the residence of her parents, 7 Glover Etreet,
between Jonea and Leavenworth. I Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery.
RAYNER— In this city, September 23, 1003.
John H. Rayner. beloved son of BenJ. and
Alice Rayner, and brother of Thomas, Sid-
ney, Alice and Greta Rayner, a native of
Australia, aged 24 years 9 months and 15
days.
ETFriendB and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
' Saturday, September 26, 1903. at 2 o'clock,
at 248 Sherman avenue, Ocean View. Inter-
ment Mount Olivet Cemetery. . . .
SHEVLIN— In this city, September 24, 1903,
Thomas Bhevlln, beloved brother of Cath-
erine Shevlin and Mrs. Peter Riddell, a na-
tive of County Monaghan, Ireland, aged 45
years. A member of the Riggers' and Steve-
dores' Union Association, Local 222, I. L. M.
and T. A.
(CTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
September 27, at 12 o'clock, from the parlors
of the Henry J. Gallagher Undertaking Com-
pany, 20 Fifth street, thence to St. Rose's
Church for services. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
SMITH— In this city, September 24. 1903.
Helen Margaret, beloved wife of. Dr. T. Mar-
tin Smith, and loving daughter of Margaret
I. and the late Thomas M. McMahon, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 23 years and 9
months.
IE7"The funeral will fake place to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, (32 Cole street, thence to St.
Agnes Church, where a requiem high mass
. will be celebrated for the repose of her soul
at 10 o'clock. Interment private, Holy Cross
Cemetery. *
TOMPKINS— In this city, September 22, 1903,
Joseph, dearly beloved husband of Kathern
Tompkins, and beloved father of George H.,
Milton J., Everett C, Clarence W., Mamie
T. and Evelyn M. Tompkins, a native of
New Caynon. Conn., aged 70 years 2 months
and 22 days.
tCFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
¦ (Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 36 Woodward avenue, thence to Mis-
sion Dolores Church, where a requiem high'
mass will be celebrated for the repose of
his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
TREACY— In this city. September 24, 1903.
Charles C. T, Treacy, a resident of Sacra-
mento, aged 50 years.
(C7"Funeral and Interment at Sacramento.
Remains at the parlors of the United Un-
dertakers. SOC Mission street, between Fourth
and Fifth.
UPTON— In .this city, September 23, 1903,
Susie D., beloved wife of Thomas B. Upton,
mother of Ethel M. Upton, and daughter
of Mrs. Annie J. and the late John W. Up-
ton, a native of Grass Valley, Cal., aged 35
years 6 months and 25 days.
(ESTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Saturday,
September 26, at 2:30 o'clock, from the Park
Congregational Church, Hayes . street, be-
• tween Lyon street and Central avenue. In-
- terment Odd Fellows' Cemeteryl
WELKER — In this city, September 23., 1903,
Gladys, beloved wife of Carl Welker, a na-
tive of Indiana, aged 23 years.
ETThe funeral will take place to-day
(Friday), at 11 o'clock,' from the parlors of
the Henry J. Gallagher Undertaking Com-
pany, 20 Fifth street. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
WILSON — In Oakland, September 24, 1903,
Almon R. Wilson, beloved husband of Hanna
Wilson, a native of Ohio, aged 63 years 'and
2 months. A member of Court Star of the
West No. 6956, Ancient-Order of Foresters,
and Excelsior Lodge No. 126, A, O. U. W.,
both of San Francisco.
WOOD — In this city, September 23, 1903, Katie
E. Wocd, beloved and only daughter of Wil-
liam F. and Rachel Gift Wood, a native of
Solano County. (Vallejo papers please copy.)
(E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the services to-
day (Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, at the funeral
parlors of James McGinn & Co., 214 Eddy
street. Interment private, Evergreen Ceme-
tery, Frultvale. ..
HENRY j: CALLACHER CO.
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS
20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School. 4
Telephone South 80.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
Funeral Directors and Embalmers.-——
Formerly in Metropolitan Temple
Now at 8Cfl MISSION. Tel. South 167
Between Fourth and Fifth, Near Fifth st
Finest Equipments at Moderate Rates.
James McGinn. Henry Hansen I
JAMES McGINN & CO. T ea - I
Formerly With McGinn Bros.. I
-—Funeral Directors and Embalmers.— I
214 Eddy St.; Tel. South 576. I
ADVERTISEMENTS. '
SXATE/VVEINX
'. .*" v .;• ¦ • OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
INDEMNITY FIRE
"INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW YORK. IN THE STATE OF NEW
York, on the 31st day of December. A- D..
1902. and for the year ending on that day. a»
made to the Insurance Commissioner of tha
State* of California, pursuant to the provisions
of sections 610 and 611 of the Political Coda,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com*
Amount ot Capital Stock, paid up In
Cash. .1200.000 00
ASSETS. — — —
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company $382,330 00
Cash in Company's Office 400 40
Cash in Banks 16.027 03
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 2.630 00
Premiums tn due Course of Collection 27.133 72
Due from other Companies for Rein-
surance on losses already paid.... 283 63
Total Assets .J429.096 80
'''.:-;¦¦'- LIABILITIES. =
Losses adjusted and unpaid $ 8. 737 36
Losses In process of Adjustment or
In Suspense 11,473 95
Losses resisted. Including expense*.. 2.S43 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, JIS2.787 lfl;
reinsurance 50 per cent 91,393 58
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $19.-
310 94; reinsurance pro rata....".. 43, 471 92
Due and accrued for salaries, rent.
etc 691 4«
All other LJabUltte 8,083 60
Total Liabilities .$168,533 93
• -^
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $217,632 49
Received tor Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks, Loans, and from
all other sources 9,332 24
"Total Income $22«.9S4 73
EXPENDITURES. ~
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (In-
cluding $15,767 83. losses of previ-
ous years) $ 94.2S4 70
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 41,133 27
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 20,105 60
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes ...; 6,721 70
All other payments and expendi-
tures 16.043 00
Total Expenditures. $179,243 3C
Fire.
Losses incurred during the year.... $100.808 38
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks ¦ -
written during the
year $23,833,743 $318,299 29
Net amount of Risks
expired during* the
year „ 21.387.188 253.819 93
Net amount in force
December 31. 1902.. Z1.041.14S 262.098 10
A. F. LOSEE. Vlca President.
' J. H. BTTRGER. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 26th
day of January. 1903. EDWIN F. COREY.
Commissioner for Ca.!rornla in New York-
Pacific Department
314 California St., San Francisco
W. n. LOWDEIM, Manager.
JOHN D. RICHARDS,
Superintendent City Department.
O"DTTQ1J170 FOR BARBKRS. BA-
JDIlUorlJuO ker9 > bootblacks, bath-
houses, billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, cannera,
dyers, flour mills, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories,
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCHANAH BEOS.,
Brash Manufacturers, 609 Sacramento St.
• RAILWAY TBAVEL.
I CALIFORNIA |
I LIMITED TO CHICAGO |
B . leares Mondays and Thursday! M t-.M ».m. pj
M ThioufhinJ days with Dia«rt aad all trapping*. B
fci On» other trains go at /"• v Q
H 7:38*11 1 for Stockton. Fresno, . I
3 I :30am > Bakersfield. Merced. II
H 1:80pm) Hanford, Vlsalia, *. f/ > U
fj 4:00pm for Stockton. '' n
|J 1:00PM for Kansas City and Chicago. O
S Office. 641 Market St.. and la Ferry Ej
g % Depot; 1112 Broadway. Oakland. |
li Train* leavt Market Street Ftrry* |j
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAH. WAY COMPANY.
Tlbnron Perry, root of Market St.
SAJST FRANCISCO TO SA2T EAPAEI,.
WEEK DAYS-^7:30. 8:00. »:0O 11:00 a. h m.;
12:35. 2:30. 3:40. 5:10. 5:50 6:30 and 11:30
p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:30 p. m
SUNDAYS— 7:30, 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30
2:30,-3:40. 5:10. 6:30. 11:30 p. m. .
SAN RAFAEL TO SAW PRAITCISCO.
'WEEK DAYS— 6:05. 6:50. 7:33. 7:50. 9:20.
11:15 a. m.; 12:50, »2:00. 3:40. 6:00 5:20.
6:25 p. m. . "
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:45 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:50 7:35 0:20. 11:15 a m.« 1:45
3:40. 4:50. 5:00. 5:20, 6:10. 6:25 p". m.
'Except Saturdays.
Leave I In Effect j Arrive
San Francisco. I May 3. 1900. |San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I Destlna- I Sun- I Week
Pays. I days. I tlon. | daya. | Days.
7:30 a 7:45 a 7:45a
7:30 a 8:00 a 8:40 a 8:40 a
8:00 a 9:30 a Ignaclo. 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:30p 2:30 p •>,...> 6:00 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 5:10 p 0:20 p 7:25 p
- 7:25 p
7:30 a 7:30 a 7:45 a 7:45 a
8:00a 8:00a Novato, 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma, 6:20 p 6:20 p
6:10 p 2:30 p and 7:25 p 7:25 p
6:10 p Santa Rosa.
7:30 a 7:30 a ~~ 10:20 all0:20 a
8:00 a 8:00 a Fulton. 7:23 pi 6:20 p
2:30 p 2:30 p | 7:25 p
~ Windsor. ~"
7:30 a 7:20 a Healdsburg. 10:20 a 10:20 a
I Lytton.
2:30 p 2:30 pi Geyservllle. . 7:25 p 7:25 p
Cloverdale.
7:30 al 7:30 al Hopland 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| and Uklah. | 7:25 p[ 7:25 p
7:30 af 7:30 a| Willlts] | 7:25 p[ 7:25 p
8:00 a! 8:00 al Camp Vacation. 110:20 a|10:W a
2:30 p|' 2:30 p| Guemevllle. | 7:25 p| 6:20 p
8:00 at 8:00 al Sonoma. I 8:40 al 8:40 a
5:10 p| 5:10 pj Glen Ellen. | 6:00 p| 6:20 p
7:30 al 7:30 al '. ~~ 110:20 a)10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| Sebastopol. | 7:25 p| 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
Quentln: at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton for Altruria and Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
servllle for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers, Boonevllle and • Greenwood ; at
Hopland for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs,
Kelseyville. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay. Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Springs. Saratoga Springs. Bine Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Pomo,
Potter Valley. John Day's. Riverside. Llerly"s,
Bucknell's. Sanhedrin Heights, Hullvllle, Orr's
Hot 'Springs, Halfway House, Comptche, Camp
Stevens Hopkins. Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg
Westport. Usal; at Wtlllts for Fort Bragg.'
Westport. Sherwood. Canto. CoiveUo. Layton-
vtlle Cummings, Bell's Springs." Harris, Ol-
sen's. Dyer. GarbervlHe, Pepperwood, - Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at
reduced rates. ' .
- On Sunday — Rounfi-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half-rates.
Ticket office; 650 Market street. Chronicle
building-
H C WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass Act.Day and night the big: printing house by the
ferry labors for ycu.'Mysell-Kolllns, 22 Clay.' •
Sabins Held for Murder.
William Sabins was held to answer* be
fore the Superior Court by Police Judge
Dr. J. . V. ! Leonard; one ; of the young
physicians - of ' the \ Emergency Hospital
staff,' is lying dangerously ¦ ill . . at . the
French Hospital. "Dr." Leonard contracted
a severe^ cold- that settled on his kidneys.
Dr. Leonard Dangerously 111.
The case of James ' Eustace, ' Henry
Meyer and Norbett MeyeiV' charged with
grand . larceny, was dismissed by. Police
Judge Cabaniss yesterday. > The three
boys were accused of stealing 14000 from
the tent of TJohn, Jose, a gypsy on the
San Bruno road.. The only.-' ' evidence
against them '.was that of the complaining
witness" that he had seen ' them at the
tent on the evening of the robbery, but it
was explained that the defendants went
to the camp to buy a horse. ;
Did Not Take . Gypsy's Coin
Let us fit your hand to a good fountain
pen. The "Waterman," "Swan"- or "Mar
shall" are. the only ones worth consider
ing. Prices $1 • to -- $5 each. . Sanborn,
Vail & Co., .741 Market St. •
Fountain Pen News.
Whether the furniture manufactured
for ...William Dlngee, v the capitalist, is real
rosewood; or imitation^ is the cause .of an
action in the local courts. Dingee claims
It is imitation, 'and the. man he Is suing
and who made it claims it is the real ar
ticle.- He Is G. N. Braend'.len. His an
swer to Dingee' s suit was filed yesterday
and in it he denies that he made the fur
niture oian inferior article* ana covered
It with veneer to - hide defects. He also
gays that Dingee owes him $1154 on ac
count of his labor. v He' states that tho
bed alone is reasonablj^worth $1000.
Claims Real Rosewood Was Used.
Then numerous souls arose in turn and
testified „ in a few words now happy they
were for the better life they were leading,
and then the band, under the direction of
Major Finn, discoursed hymns and a
grand march, and the major and Mrs.
Finn sang the duet, "On the Cross of
Calvary." It was a great night of joy
and appreciation with the Salvation
Army.
The building was purchased for the sum
of $23,750 and there is a mortgage on the
property for $18,000, which the army Is
sanguine of. lifting with the aid of its
friends. HSfij - . .
Mra. French asked the great assem
blage, which included men, women and
children. Salvation Army soldiers and
several of the nation's and nu
merous Orientals, to give praise, and
with bended heads all joined in a prayer
of thankfulness. •
The "house warming" and dedicatory
exercises were without any particular or
set ceremony. In the absence of Colonel
French, whose arduous duties have been
such as to have compelled a retirement
for a few weeks from active service In or
der that he may regain his strength, Mrs.
Colonel French conducted the exercises
with the assistance of Brigadier Wood,
general secretary of the army on the Pa
cific coast: Staff Captain Boyden, one of
the first . Salvationists to settle on the
coast; Major Finn 'and Mrs. Finn, Staff
Captain Day and Adjutant General Mont
gomery, r •
Mrs. French In asking praise for their
latest achievement in. being able to pro
cure the sacred edifice for their new
home, touchingly reviewed the methods
of the army. Those of the public, : she
said, who were unfamiliar with -their
work must not judge them by their
trumpet sounds or by the shaking of their
tambourines, or the beating of their
drums, but would find their work at the
bedside of the dying, softening the pillow
of the sick and offering the hand of help
to the forlorn, the friendless and whoever
sought salvation, for as best they could
they showed the wanderer the way of
light from the darkened path.
at.t. QIVE PRAISE.
NO SET CEREMONY.
With volleys of hallelujahs and songs
of Joy and praise the Salvation Army
took possession last night of their new
Congress Hall and provincial headquar
ters, 1271 Mission street. The building un
til recently was devoted to the sacred ser
vices of the Swedish Lutheran Church.
The army took leave of Its old head
quarters, 1139 Market street, during the
early part of the evening and then with
its band leading marched to the new
quarters, where saving work is to be
done and where the lost and weary may
find consolation and assistance.
Consecrate New Home
With Fervent Prayer
and Hallelujahs.
SALVATIONISTS
SING THEIR JOY
MRS. SUSIE C. RIJNHART of
Windsor, Ont.. a woman of con
siderable international fame,
gained through her several
years' experiences as a mission
ary among the wildest of the Thibetan
tribes, to whose country she is now re
turning, is a guest at the Occidental
Hotel, where she Is quietly awaiting the
departure of the China steamer on Sep
tember 29. Although she once narrowly
escaped death at the hands of the supery
stitlous savages who murdered her^ hus
band, Mrs. Rijnhart purposes to invade
again the territory which recalls to her
mind many trying and frightful hard
ships. She goes on a religious mission.
Accompanying the brave woman are Dr.
and Mrs. A. L. Shelton of Anthony,
Kans., who will co-operate with her In a
plan to establish a hospital and found
an industrial school near Ta Chien Lu,
•which is situated on the extreme Eastern
border of Thibet. Ta Chien Lu is a trading
place Into which the Thibetans journey
at different times of the year from the
farthermost fastnesses of their country,
and mainly for this reason Mrs. Rijnhart
deslre3 to begin her missionary work
there, planning eventually to push farther
Into the wild interior.
AT THE SACRED LAMASERY.
In 1834 Mrs. Rijnhart and her husband,
a Hollander, who had previously been do
ing missionary work in the Lama district
of Thibet, journeyed after their marriage
in Ontario back to Thibet, where they
labored religiously for four years, during
which the sad experiences of Mrs. Rijn
hart, which included the loss of a babe
and the death of her husband, were en
countered and eventually furnished the
material for a book which she wrote un
der the title of ""With the Thibetans In
Tent and Temple." While stationed at
Lasar, near the lamasery of Kumbum,
Rijnhart and his wife, who were both
skilled in medicine, were warmly wel
comed by the Buddhist priests; In fact,
they enjoyed the special distinction of be
ing the first and only white persons ever
received within the sacred lamasery,
where they were given shelter during the
Chinese-Moslem troubles. With these
troubles began the worst of the hardships
endured so bravely by Mrs. Rijnhart. Pre
vious Moslem uprisings had resulted In
fearful slaughter, and it was thought by
the people there that a recurrence of the
troubles was impossible. Suddenly, how
ever, another outbreak occurred and a
frightful massacre ensued, resulting, so it
was estimated, in the death of 100,000 per
sons, and continued until the} arrival of
the Chinese general, who finally quelled
the disturbance and restored peace.
SUCCORED THE WOUNDED.
In the midst of these terrible scenes
Rijnhart and his wife worked unremit
tingly in the towns, temporary hospitals
and in the camps and on the field, admin
istering in their medical as well as their
missionary capacity to the wounded and
dying. All this time the couple endeav
ored to maintain the schools and churches
they had established after many difflcul
ti€s, and received much'Support from the
better element of the tribesmen, who
seemingly keenly appreciated the self
denying efforts of the two white visitors.
Toward the close of the third year Rijn
hart and his wife, after providing them
selves with food and other necessities for
a long Journey, left Kumbum and Tankar
with plans fully prepared for a trip
through the valley of the Tsaidam, which
extends a distance of 600 miles. and is a
difficult country to penetrate. ! On this
Wants to Purchase Maps.
The Board of Works recommended yes
terday to the Board of Supervisors that
five additional copies of -the relief map
of the Tuolumne water shed be printed
for $2(0. The copies are to be used in
fully presenting to citizens and Congress
men the subject of the acquisition of the
reservoir rights of way heretofore ap
plied for. '
Light for Ocean View.
The Supervisors' Committee on Arti
ficial Lights yesterday reported In favor
of requesting the, San Francisco Gas and
Electric Company to extend its wires so
that the residents of Ocean View may
have the benefit of incandescent lights.
Action was taken on the petition of the
Ocean View Improvement Club. *: ;V
Want Teachers' Certificates.
Eight applicants took the examination
yesterday for teachers' certificates. The
examination was under the supervision of
Deputy Superintendents of Schools Shel
ley and Howard. The' subjects included
music, stenography, typewriting and
bookkeeping.
Concerning Thibet, she said:
It Is the only country In the world '. that in
not open to the gospel. Naturally It is the
last to encourage commercial ; relations with
the outside world, but I believe it will be
opened soon. A congress is now In session at
Simla with that purpose in view. The future
access of the outside -world to Thibet depends
greatly on the political conditions in China,
which, Indications suggest, , are slowly chang
ing. •¦"•..:..-
Yet' this brave woman; with all these
terrible experiences still fresh In her
,mlnd, is now bent on a mission to the
same country, whither she goes with the
view of remaining many years, teaching
the gospel. and giving medical aid to the
need y' among, those who not long ago
showed their hostility toward her. In
speaking of the long journey be
fore her Mrs., Rijnhart said yes-'
1 terday that she expects to re
main several months* in Central China
and ' will then proceed on to Ta Chien
Lu. -There she '.will, at once set about the
establishing of a hospital and an Indus
trial school, • a work in which she will
be assisted by Dr. and Mrs. Shelton, who,'
like herself, are laboring for. the Chris
tian church. •'¦-:. -'. -
RETURNING TO THIBET.
It would be hard for me to make a very fine
distinction between the many frightful -inci
dents which I passed through. One of the
worst, perhaps, was the time I slept alone on
the ground in a wild part of Thibet and had
seventeen ferocious dogs howling about me
all night and endeavoring to get their fangs
in my flesh. I am afraid of a dog anywhere,
but these Thibetan dogs are the worst kind pos
sible. They are half-«tarved mongrels and are
kept chained most of the time near the tents
of the Bheepherders. I happened at this time
to be traveling without a guide, but 'had my
passport. It was near- midnight when I
reached a sheep camp, and, upon my request
to be allowed to pass the niKht there I was
conducted to a spot some distance from the
tents. Here I made myself as comfortable as
possible with my blankets and was Just sink
ins into a doze when I heard the awful howl
of the- dogs as they bore down, upon me. I
rose to a kneeling posture, gathered my blank
ets in beneath me, holding them out from my
face with my arm so that the dogs could not
bite my head. In this manner I passed the
entire night, the fierce din of the dogs driv
ing away all thought of sleep even had I been
so composed .as to .have made this possible.
At another time I slept in a pig sty, the pigs'
being at one .end. and I at the other. I have
walked for days over flinty paths, with no pro
tection for my feet but my worn Thibetan boots,
through the holes of which the blood from my'
cuts • and- bruises literally poured. I always
carried a revolver, and have walked for miles
and miles suffering the most excruciating agony
with the gun leveled at the treacherous guide*
who walked Just before.
Of these trying times Mrs. Rijnhart
says: :.i;*;^i-
Left alone in a strange country, inhab
ited by treacherous people, the heart
broken woman accomplished something
that few of her sex would have dared
undertake. A wearisome journey of sev
eral hundred miles still lay before her,
and upon this she embarked with the de
termination of one who realized that hes
itancy meant Quicker death than a con
tinuance of the trip. She walked on an
average of twenty-five miles a day, un
guided by men, who, however, she fre
quently saw. but carefully avoided.
Mrs. Rijnhart's story of her travels
with blistered feet through densely
wooded forests and over stony mountain
passes where her bared feet were cut
and bruised; crossing streams in all kinds
of weather; for weeks sleeping in the
open where her only shelter was a. bright
Thibetan sky; where she was a prey to
rapacious and Immoral natives, and the
object of attack from dogs and other ani
mals, Is a harrowing one.
PREY TO MAN AND BEAST.
That the guide had carried out a plot
to murder her husband Mrs. Rijnhart has
every reason for believing.
Their guides, who were untrustworthy
and plotting robbery, murder or other
crimes, caused the Rijnharts constant
anxiety and finally this feeling on the
part of the wife was fully justified when,
her husband, after the guide had cruelly
abandoned him, left her, saying he
wanted to reconnoltcr a hill, but he never
returned.
HER HUSBAND MURDERED.
+ ! ; J
trip, just before reaching Naghchuka, the
child of Mr. and Mrs. Rijnhart died and
was buried on the way. - Arriving at
Naghchuka, the Rijnharts made further
preparations for their advance to Lhassa,
but were informed by the dignitary of the
town that they would be prohibited from
going farther 6outh. Attempts to evade
the officials of the town and enter the
southern country proved futile, and final
ly, with their guides, the Rijnharts left
the Thibetan shores and started home
ward, following the west Shanghai route.
The experiences of this journey form the
most thrilling portion of Mrs. Rijnhart's
life.
DARING MISSIONARY WHO IS
RETURNING TO THE INHOS
PITABLE THIBETANS.
The Board of Public Works yesterday
approved the plans of the City Architect
for terra cotta flues and galvanized iron
chimneys for the Noe Valley School. The
estimated cost of the work is $1035. The
original -plans called for a heating plant
in the building and no provision was made
for stoves, which are now to be used for
the sake of economy. The Board of Ed
ucation also approved the plans.
The board awarded the contract for
constructing retaining walla, coping,
steps, pavements, etc., for the Noe Valley
School to Flinn & Treacy for $2897.
The board also approved amended plans
for the Almshouse Chapel to cost $4000.
Board of Public Works- Awards Con
tract for Completion of the
Building.
ADOPTS PLANS FOR FLUES
IN" NOE VALLEY SCHOOL
The Supervisors* Street Committee yes
terday postponed action for one week on
tne application of the Western Pacific
Railway Company- for a franchise on Six
teenth street, from Kansas street to the
water front. A representative of the
company* was informed that .the only ac
tion the committee would take would be
to refer the petition to the City Engineer
for investigation and report.
At the request of the Santa Fe Ball
way system action on Its petition for a
franchise on Seventh, Eighth, Seven
teenth, Eighteenth and other streets was
deferred until next Thursday.
The committee approved the plans of
the Santa Fe Company for a steel bridge
across Channel-street waterway at Third
street. The plans have been approved by
the Harbor Commission and will be sent
to the United State3 Engineer for his ap
proval.'
Consideration of the petition of Walter
Campbell that the United Railroads be
prohibited from permitting passengers to
ride on the steps of the cars went over for
one week, when the petitioner and repre
sentative of the company will be heard.
B. Lantry appeared to show cause why
his permit to blast in the Potrero should
not be rescinded on the complaint that
the operations are a menace to life and
property. He assured the committee that
the blasting would be carried on in future
without damage and that only single
blasts shall be fired. On that showing the
permit was not revoked.
The committee reported in favor of re
voking the permits granted to John Kelso
in 1SS9 and 1S94 to blast at Lombard and
Montgomery streets. The committee
ruled that the blasting was being done en
a public street to th9 injury of property.
Ettlinger then declared that he had
only a hazy idea at the time of the fact
that Jacob Eppinger and Joseph Eppinger
were drawing heavily on the funds of the
firm. He maintained that the examina
tion into the books of the firm, which
had been ordered by himself and Her
man Eppinger, had been commenced in
April, but that it had not been com
pleted. Two weeks before the 5th of
June, a shortage of $150,000 had been dis
covered, but at that point all investiga
tion ceased. He further stated that Jacob
Eppinger never made any reports to him
of the loans he had made in the name
of the firm.
The questioning of the creditors' attor
ney then drew forth some light upon the
close combination between the firms of
Eppinger & Co. and Ettynger & Co. A*t
torney Freidenrich asked:
"Do you know of the amount you ad
vanced to Ettlinger & Co. for a period of
two years prior to the failure?"
"I do not."
"In your capacity as manager of the
valley lands for the firm of Eppinger &"
Co., did you pay the State assessment
upon reclaimed lands owned by Ettlinger
& Co.?"
"I did."
"From the funds of Eppinger & Co.?"
"Yes."
SHADY TRANSFER MADE.
The attorney then took up the "subject
of the payment made by Herman Ep
pinger Jr. upon his debt of $50,000.
"Did you take those lands in San Luia
Obispo County in full payment of the
debt which Herman Eppinger Jr. owed
to your firm?"
• "Yes."
"If you yourself appraised those lands,
what did you find them to be worth?"
"About $41,000.!'
"The firm of Eppinger & Co. was not
Interested in those lands before the trans
fer, was made?"
"No."
"You did not know at the time that
those ' lands had been sold . in 1896, when
they were supposed to belong to,•Ep
pinger & Co., to = pay for delinquent
taxes?" |
"No. Eppinger had told us that there
was some slight litigtion over back taxes,
but that it was not sufficient to cloud the
title." ; ;• £:\:
Ettlinger was then questioned about the
relations between the Pacific Coast Ware
house Company' and his own- firm. He
said that the former, concern belonged to
Eppinger & Co.- He said that as .vice
president of his firm he signed all ware
house receipts after they had received the
signature of the secretary, but that he
kept no . record of such receipts and did
not know where the stufrbook from which
they were taken was. He professed ig
norance as to the whereabouts of the
warehouse book, as well as the receipt
book. Ettlinger also stated that no meet-'
ing or election of. officers o^ the Pacific
Coast Warehouse Company had been held
since the inception of the concern in 1890.
"Jacob Eppinger said tha,t Bowles was
pressing us to take up his wheat loans
and that we could not meet the obliga
tion. • That was all," replied Ettlinger.
DISCLOSES COMBINATION".
In detailing the business affairs of the
firm Ettlinger, like his partner, Herman
Eppinger, passed the whole burden of the
failure up to Jacob Eppinger, the senior
member of the firm. He maintained that
he had nothing to do with the buying and
selling of grain in San Francisco, nor
with the details of the warehouse busi
ness, but that his duties consisted In keep,
ing up the business end of the firm in the
interior. To, every qyestion concerning the
ventures of the firm in the wheat market
Ettlinger replied that Jacob Eppinger
managed all the financing of the firm and
that he rarely knew what was going on.
"When were you first aware that the
firm intended to call a meeting of its cred
itors?" queried Attorney Freidenrich.
"Not until the day when Jacob and Her
man Eppinger discussed it in our office-
June 5, I think."
"You were present at the consultation
with President P. E. Bowles of the Amer
ican National Bank when he demanded
additional securities on his notes?"
"I was."
"And yet this did not seem to you an
ominous proceeding?"
"I can't say that it did, since i' knaw
nothing of. the financing of the firm;
Jacob Eppinger tended to_all that."
"You were present at the meeting on
June 5 when it was decided to call a
meeting of the creditors," persisted
Freidenrich. "What reason was' given by
your partners for the necessity of such a
move?"
"With the examination of Bernhard Ett
linger before Referee In Bankruptcy Mil
ton J. Green yesterday afternoon the tak
ing of testimony by the attorneys repre
senting the creditors of the ruined firm
of Eppinger & Co. came to a close. Ett
linger, the last of the three partners in
the insolvent wheat firm to be cross-ques
tioned/ although manifestly an unwilling
witness, made some disclosures of the
business methods of the defunct grain
broking firm which tally well with the
exposures elicited from the witnesses pre
viously examined.
By Ettlinger's admissions a piece of
very sharp practice was uncovered In the
form of a business transaction between
Herman Eppinger Jr. of- the firm of Ett
linger & Co. and the firm of Eppinger &
Co. in October of last year. He said that
in full settlement of a debt of $50,000
which Herman Eppinger Jr. owed to the
Epplngers the latter firm received the
titles to certain properties near Paso
Robles. in San Luis Obtspo County, ap
praised by Bernhard Ettiinger^himself at
a value of $41,000. Attorney Freidenrich,
who conducted the examination, then
stated to the witness that he had proof
to the effect that thede self-same lands
were sold by the State for delinquent
taxes in 1896, and at that time they were
held in the name of Eppinger & Co.
Ettlinger was not to be caught In.fur
ther damaging admissions, and therefore
stated that at the time of the transfer
Herman Eppinger Jr., who was supposed
to be the possessor of the titles in ques
tion, had said that there was some litiga
tion about delinquent taxes, but that it
was not of a serious nature and In no
way clouded the title to the land. Ett
linger denied that the firm had any
knowledge of the fact that the land In
question had reverted to the State.
SHIFTS BLAME TO JACOB.
Lays All Blame on ' Jacob
Eppinger, Senior Member
of the Firm.
City Engineer Is Instructed to
Investigate and Make
Reports.
Supervisors' Street Com
mittee Refers Requests
for Franchises.
Bernhard Ettlinger Tells
of the Transfer of
Bad Titles.
CROOKED WORK
IS DISCLOSED
DELAYS ACTION
ON PETITIONS
Daring Missionary, Who Has Already Faced Death in That
* Barbarous Country, Will Endeavor to Establish a Hospi
tal and Industrial School in That Inhospitable Region
MRS. RIJNHART TO RESUME
HER LABORS IN THIBET
MISERY HER LOT
IN LIFE'S WINTER
Helen Davenport Seeks
Divorce After Years
of Peace.
Says MJfein She Married Forty-
Four Years Ago Is a
Drunkard.
It Is seldom that a couple who have
lived together as husband ana wife for
almost half a century enter the divorce
court, but occasionally such a thing bap
pens. It occurred In this city yesterday
and it Is a matter of reoord that never
before In the history of this municipality
have a couple who have managed to get
aJcng peacefully fcr forty-four years
brought their matrimonial troubles Into
the courts for adjudication. The plaintiff
in the suJt is Helen E. Davenport and
the defendant is William A. Davenport,
a carriage manufacturer. They were mar
ried May 2. Iio9. and reside at 509 Franklin
street.
The divorce is sought for on the ground
of habitual intemperance, Mrs. Daven
port alleging In her complaint that for
the last five years her husband has been
bo addicted to the use of intoxicants that
be has been unable to attend to his busi
ness. His conduct, she says, has rendered
the last days cf her life miserable.
The footlights possess more of an at
traction for Constance Adalr McBride
than does the position of a matron. Such
at leajrt is the claim of her husband, John
McBride. who yesterday tiled a suit for
divorce against her. In bis complaint he
accuses her of deserting him in June,
13C0, or less than one year after she be
r-mo his wife. In an affidavit supporting
n motion that a summons in the divorce
proceedings be by publication he states
that she left him because she was infat
uated with the life of an actress and had,
after leaving him. written him a letter in
which she said she was tired of life wfth
him and would henceforth devote herself
to the pursuit of histrionic honors. They
¦wire married at Terre Haute, Ind.
Virginia E. Holland, who was married
to William H. Holland on September 14.
1SS4, would have the marriage ties severed
because of his alleged cruelty. She says
that since February. 1S9?, when he threw
a wash-basin at her, her life ha? been an
unhappy one. She claims that after the
wash-basin episode he treated her In a
rhameful manner, even going so far as to
xr\\ her that he was 'dred of her. She
says that he also remained away from,
him home for days and nights at a tlm 3
and consorted with gamblers and other
people with questionable reputations. She
closes her complaint by saying that her
cup of misery was billed to overflowing
Thanksgiving day, 1901, when, she says,
her husband deliberately insulted a num
ber of friends she had invited to dinner.
Cruelty is also charged in the complaint
for divorce filed by Etta Nealon against
James Joseph Nealon. They were married
nine years ago and Mrs. Xealon says that
almost continuously since their wedding
day N-valon has treated her shamefully.
Sh»» says that he has frequently threat
ened to kill her, has repeatedly beaten her
and almost daily called her vile and filthy
names. A short lime ago, she says, she
and her three children became so fright
ened at his actions that they sought
refuge In the streets and remained out
until late at night, or until such time as
they felt reasonably certain he would be
asleep.
Failure to provJde is charged in the suit
brought by Assunta Roller! against Do
menico Rolleri and desertion is charged
in the suit in which Anna C. Andrews is
plaintiff and Charles W. Andrews defend
ant.
Divorces for desertion were granted to
Annette Mooney from Daniel J. Mooney,
Octavia Mackie from A. P. Mackie, ' W.
H. Tenney from Alice B. Tenjiey, Agoston
Haraszthy from Minnie Haraszthy, Eva
D. Trimble from Charles R. Trimble and
Mari* J. Dipple from "William Dipple.
Cruelty caused the separation of Emma
Becker from John Becker and A. V.
Martin from J. A. Martin, and infidelity
was the ground on which J. Ode'.l secured
a divorce from M. Odell.
The San Francisco Eye
Is almost constantly irritated by wind
and mineral-laden dust; inflammation,
redness, itching and burning, followed by
granulated eyelids, are the results.
ilUKlN'E EYE REMEDY gives quick re
lief. Doesn't smart; soothes eye pain;
makes weak eyes strong. Your druggist
or optician sells Murine at 50 cents. •
Sent to Insane Asylum.
Frank H. Tuthill of Seattle, who has
been confined in the insane ward of the
Emergency Hospital for several days,
was declared to be of unsound mind yes
terday by Judge Hebbard and ordered
committed to the State hospital for the
Insane.
kunfiy carries largest stock 18-k. plain
rings in the city. 4 Third street •
Fisherman Goes Insane.
John Muller, who has been employed
as a fisherman in the Alaska waters for
the last three years, was brought to this
city, a raving maniac, on board the
Ftcamer Hidalgo yesterday. He was
placed in the insane ward of the Emer
gency HoEpitaj anl will be examined to
day.
Mogan yesterday on a charge of murder.
He shot and killed his wife. Mrs. Nellie
Sabins, from whom he had been separat
ed for some months, on August 2 and at
tempted suicide by shooting himself in
the head and cutting his throat. The
murder was at 1812 Mason street.
In the office the loose leaf ledger has
saved a great deal of work, but in the
home the gas range will save more in
proportion. « Buy one from the San Fran
cisco Gas and Electric Company. * •
Prisoner Attempts Suicide.
James Flood, a prisoner confined in
Branch County Jail No. 2. attempted to
butt out his brains yesterday against the
walls of his cell. He was taken to the
Detention Hospital at the City Hall.
where he will be examined by Commis
sioners Drs. McGettigran and Rethey on
his mental capacity.
Flood is a vagrant "dope flend," serv
ing six months.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALli, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 25. 1903.
16
ADVERTISEMENTS. ," v' 1
SCALP HUMOURS
Itching, Scaly and Crusted
With Loss of Hair
Soeedily Cured by Cuticura
Soap and Ointment
When Every Other Remedy and
Physicians Fail;
"Warm shampoos with Cutlcura Soap
and light dressings of Cuticura, the
great skin cure, at once stop falling
hair, remove crnsts, scales and dandruff,
. soothe Irritated, Itching surfaces, de-
stroy hair parasites, stimulate the hair
follicles, loosen the scalp skin, supply
the roots with energy and. nourish-
ment, and make the hair grow upon a
sweet, healthy scalp when all else falls.
Millions of the world's best people
use Cuticura Soap, assisted by Cuticura
Ointment, the great skin cure, for pre-
serving, purifying and beautifying the
skin, for cleansing the scalp of crusts,,
scales and dandruff, and the ¦ stopping
of falling hair, for softening, whiten-
ing and soothing red, rough and sore
hands, for baby rashes, itchlngs and
chaflngs, for annoying irritations and
inflammations, or too free or offensive
perspiration, for ulcerative weaknesses,
and many antiseptic purposes which
readily suggest themselves to women,
as well as for. all the purposes of the
toilet, bath and nursery.
Complete • treatment for every hu-
mour, consisting of Cnticnra Soap, to
cleanse the skin, Cuticura Ointment, to
heal the skin, and Cuticura Resolvent,
to cool .and cleanse the blood may now
be had for one ; dollar. < A tingle set
is often sufficient to cure the most
torturing, disfiguring, Itching, burning
*and scaly humours, . eczemas, rashes
[ and ' irritations, from infancy to age,
When all else fails. ' . ."
Sold throarbomt th« world. Cnttcwa Bootruit. 80e. (In
form of Chocolate Coat*<l Hilt, asc. m rial of 00), Oint-
m«nt We, Soap, 15c. Depoti : London, 27 ChirUrhouM .
> Bq t Pirii.S Ru« do !• FaixrBMton. 137 Columbia At*.
Potter Druf «nd Chcm. Corp., Hols Proprietors.
«X*S«bu lor "U«w to Com fiwry Humour "
ADVEBTISEl^rrS.
No Remedy of Ordinary Merit Could Ever
Have Received Indorsations from
Men Like These.
i w Alfred L. Loomis, M. D. t former Prrf
Pathology and the Practice of Medicine in the
Medical Dept. of the University of New York.
Wm. A. Hammond, M. D., Surgtor*.
General {retired) U.S. Army, and for, Ktr
Prof, of Diseases of the Mind and Nervous
¦ "n ¦ ¦ || mi _ System in the University of New York.
Ill Bright S UlSeaSe Goo# H a | at od Boyfand, A.M., M.D.,
MIL _!_..¦•:«» Doctor of Medicine of the Faculty of Pans,
AlDUniinUria and former Prof of Surgery in Baltimort
Medical College.
¦nU Wm. B. Towles, M. D., former Prof.
r-L'i- - ¦ ¦•_ _¦ of Anatomy and Materia Medica in the Medi
POSl-SCSrlatln&l cal Dept. of the University of Va.
m^l.jiu E. H. Pratt, A. M., M. D., LL.D..
R6pnri lISi . Prof Orificial Surgery to the Chicago Horn £
;V pathic Hospital. ...
C. W. P. Brock, M. D., Ex-Pres. Na~
Assn. Railway Surgeons, and Member
Medical Society of Va.
• J. T. Davidson, M. D., Ex-Pres. New
V. Orleans Surgical and Medical Assn.
i . j
¦ n I A I II Dr * A ' Gabriel Pouchet, Prof, of Phar.
IF) RGndl uSlCUlli macology and Materia Medica of Cm Faculty
! 1L of Medicine of Paris.
SlOne in the J.T. LeBlanchard.M. D., Prcf.Mo^
DI«rffWi«fl J 'real Clinic, SM.,SN.,V.U.
DiaOaerana James K. Crook, A. M., M. D., Prof.
¦_Xl4»_.a.Ml!jks> mi Clinical Medicine and Clinical Diagnosis*
IniiammailOn Of New York Post-Graduate Medical School.
fho RlaHrW J°. s - Holt, M. D.,- Ex-President of ths
lUe DlcSUUcfs State Board of Health, etc.
fr Robert Bartholow, M. D., M. A./
LL.D., Prof. Materia Medica and Gentral
Therapeutics, Jefferson Medical College, Phil-
adeiphia.
Jas. L. Cabell, M. D., A. M., LL.D.,
former Prof, of Physiology and Surgery in
the Medical Dept. of the University of VtUi
' 111 fiflllf - and Pres ' of the National Board of Health .
Ill UUUlf Horatio C. Wood, M. D., former Prof.
RhoiimaflCm flllfl J of Materia Medica, etc., in the Medical Dept.
ItneUmailSm anO of the University of Pennsylvania.
llrir Afiid * Chas: B. Nancrede, M. D.. Prof, of
UIIW MVIU Surgery, Medical JDept. of the University of
Conditions. Michigan.
Wm. T. Howard, M. D., former Prof,
of Diseases of Women and Children in the
University of Maryland.
A. Alexander Smith, M. D.,Prof. of
Practice of Medicine and Clinical Medicine*
Medical College, N. Y.
Voluminous medical testimony mailed.
BUFFALO IITHIA WSTER SL^SSir 0 * *"* aad mia "
PROPRIETOR. BUFFALO LITHIA SPRINGS, VA.
GOLDBERG-, BOWEN & CO. (Incorporated), San Francisco, Cal.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I Sealskin Jackets... I
$125, $150. $175. $200
= $225, $250 =
$275, $300, $325,$350
These Prices Will Not Buy \
Equal Elegance Elsewhere
Our furriers know how to irapart
to sealskin jackets that gra.ee and
symmetry of lit that is the beauty
of cloth-made garments — an effect
that requires the most ingenious
effort and painstaking skill.
SeUJutVt Ointment accomplishes Mton- B
Mhlog cares of skin diseases, after the moat H
' powerful internal remedies have failed. I
After bath1r>*thep*Tf*rt.thJZet*ieeWiSoap j
use llritkrll't Ointment and It will quickly 1 1
remove all Blotches, Pimples, Eruptions II
and Sore*. Cures Tetter, Erysipelas, Salt M
Rheum, Scald Head. Itch, Rlngwormi, H
, Ulcers. Piles, Barber's Itch; relieves and 1
heals burn* and tscalds. Makes the skna 11
soft and beautiful. Prescribed by phy- I!
Btclann for half ar-nnrv. A t druggists 50c. !
Send for free t>ool£>f testimonials. < %
J0H33T03, HOLLOW AY * CO., ralU4«fpUa. ||
ADVERTISEMENTS.
We Are Specialists in
||1| ( Children's Wear.,.,
/JwSS^ Our line of fashionable Coats, Dresses
' Qtf*&L^?R& an^ ats this season is as near perfect in
points of style and quality as is possible to ¦
eJ-^24>i33^H attain. Prices are lower, probably, than
jJ^^^Sq^ This Gir]s> Dr ess (see illustration) is
p^y^^'^A made °* a H- w °ol serge; effectively trim-
/*'*^iwM •'•' : J£\ med with white and colored silk braid; silk-
Y^v^^l^si'h k° VV t ' e ' shades of red, navy and brown; a j
\|a^g| ¦> \ '^yZU handsome, serviceable and stylishly fitting
Jfflf^WiM Remarkably <>* ff/\ All sizes.
/^'p'-P^hjP^ priced at y^.vlU 4 to 12 years. .
M§- ;| . fplflk Exceptional Offering in Children's
Misses' Millinery Department.
ffl^^: ¦ J»V c are snow » n g a handsome tailor-made
i *fe B^*^'t7' '.? hat; made of the newest style brush felt;
*&& •-^¦ : prettily trimmed with No. 30 all-silk liberty
satin ribbon. This smart style may be had
WHJIv in all shades, including white. . We are of-
)lteg> fering these hats at a very Q*i T^v
JU A llf^ low figure of.. xpl«/'3 62Ch :
*^P/ I <r All r wool Untrimmed Hats, in'white and
s. 'L colors, $1.00. Genuine imported Fur Bea-
y ' • a *^ i ver Hats; untrimmed; $2.50.
< 918-922 Market Street