Hundreds of Families in
Paterson Compelled
to Abandon Homes
"Shipping on Atlantic Sea
board Suffers Heavily
in a Three-Day Gale
FLOOD AND STORM IN THE EAST COST MANY LIVES
AND PROPERTY LOSS REACHES FAR INTO MILLIONS
Continued on Page 2, Column 4. i
Continued on Page 2, Column 1.
A Russian regiment from -Baikal mili
tary district is reported to have arrived at
Feng-Chenn-Tin, about 150 miles north
west of Peking and ninety miles from the
*»»«:i»n frontier.
YOKOHAMA, Oct. H.-Baron von Rosen,
the Russian Minister to Japan, is still
awaiting instructions rrom his Govern
ment in the matter of the negotiations
now proceeding between Japan and Rus
sia, ,
BUSSIAN THOOPS MOVING.
Eeport From London Announces That
Lcrd Alverstone Will Side With
United States.
TORONTO. Ontario. Oct. 11.— A cable
dispatch from London states that Canada
will lose in the Alaska boundary case.
It is declared that Lord Alverstone will
tide with the United States and against
the dominion.
CANADA WILL LOSE
IN THE BOTJNDABY CASE
One hopeful sign at this place Is that
the water has fallen several inches since
morning. All day thousands of persons
have lined the falls cliffs watching the
flood, and the police have had great dif
ficulty in keeping the crowd from en
croaching on the danger line. All day
long boatmen have been at work rescu
ing residents from the flooded districts.
The damage to mill property Is chiefly
from the submersion of portions of the
plants and great quantities of products.
Thousands of men. women and children
will be out of employment for' a long time
and it seems altogether probable that this
flood will cause to the city of Patersoa a,
than two feet of dirt and stone separates
the falls basin from the big black race
through which millions of gallons of wa
ter are rushing every hour. The gate
house is in a weakened condition and
is liable to go if Spruce street hill breaks
muqh more. Mayor Hinchcllffe regards
the situation as critical. ' .
- western half of thecity from the
eastern and almost all means of commu
nication by bridges have 1 been destroyed.
Two , bridges : above : the falls remain, but
approach to them Is impossible. Three
bridges below the Valley of the Rocks
still stand," but It Is impossible to reach
them.- Seven other bridges ; in the city
have been carried .away and their loss
alone Is ; a half million dollars. The in
undation of the low lying districts; of the
city has resulted in great damage to prop
erty. The flood, however, is beginning to
recede.
Besides the buildings that fell, to-day
many '. others have been undermined and
if they, do not fall they. will be at least
untenable. Spruce street hill is fall
ing away piecemeal and only a little more
PATERSON, N. J., . Oct. 11.— For
nearly forty-eight hours Paterson
has been' at the mercy of -the Pas
sale River. The waters have main
tained a height sufficient to cut^the
greater direct loss of money and prop
erty than the fire of nearly two years
ago. The gross loss then was $5,000,000.
with an insurance of more than $4,000.0)0.
The loss torday Is estimated at consider
ably more than $2,000,000, with no In
surance. .
Last night's rain renewed the flood
somewhat and the water3 were at their
maximum this morning. *At that time
there was considerable water in the
boiler-room of the Edison Electric light
station, there being only about four
Inches of clear space between the grate
bars and the water. It is from this sta
tion that the city receives Its entire sup
ply of light and motor power.
Five hundred families are homeless.
Of these about 130 families are being shel
tered in Apollo Hall, while the others
will be taken care of in the armory. Gov
ernor Murphy having issued orders to-day
¦ One eminent '- meterologist, •* discussing
the ;phenomenon, said he believed .that
bad weather would characterise? the next
ten yean.
A group of large spots, with a diameter
apparently equal to one-tenth of the sun's
sphere, was seen a week ago" and is now
so plainly visible on the sun's southern
hemisphere that, the weather permitting,
it may be seen by the eye, aided only by
a pair of smoked or colored glasses. On
Friday this disturbance " extended over
about 130,000 miles of solar surface. ¦
LONDON, Oct. 11.— There was a heavy
rainfall here to-day, the precipitation
amounting to more than an Inch.
In connection . with the recent deluges
there has been not only a magnificent
halo arousd the sun for some days past,
but large spots have been observed on the
disc. These have. Interested astronomers
and meteorologists, as being 'the .most
prominent that have been seen in five
years.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
It Is believed here, officially, that war,
.should it occur, would be between Russia
and Japan alone and that neither England
nor France would be Involved. Frederick
the Great's remark was quoted as illus
trating the present posture of affairs:
"Negotiations without weapons behind
you are like a musical tone without in
struments."
BERLIN. Oct. 1L— Russia and Japan
act as though either would fight if the
other should hold immovably to the posi
tion taken at the last exchange of com
munications. - This is the actual situation,
as understood officially from reports re
ceived from the German Embassy in- St.
Petersburg and the German legation in
Tokio. Yet this mutual attitude of hos
tile preparations by both countries is still
regarded here as not excluding an honor
able arrangement. Neither Government
has gone so far that It must fight or be
humiliated, but either Cabinet by a single
step can put the other Into that position.
This delicate balance, of course, may be
violently dfsturbed any day, though no ul
timatum has yet been thrown upon either
scale.
BOTH READY TO FIGHT.
Rescue Parties Are Kept Busy Throughout the Day Transporting Imperiled
Residents From the Inundated Districts to Places of Safety.
FLOOD SCENES IN NEW YORK AND NEW JERSEY CITIES DURING THE GREAT INUNDATION OF MARCH.
1902. THE SAME DISTRICTS WHICH WERE THEN UNDER WATER ARE THE GREATEST SUFFERERS
FROM THE PRESENT FLOOD, WHICH IS* MORE DISASTROUS THAN THAT OF LAST YEAR.
Spots on Sun (jive
a Disturbing
Forecast.
SAN ANTONIO, Tex., Oct. 1L— The
etreet car strike here was marked by vio
lence end bloodshed to-day. Soldiers from
Fort Sam Houston attacked non-union
car crews and chased them from their
cars. Later a crowd attacked a car on
the Government Hill route and threw
stones at the passengers, a woman on one
car being seriously Injured. On South
riores street a mob attacked a car that
was guarded by deputy sheriffs. One of
the deputies Jumped from the car and at
tempted to arrest one of the mob, when
he was attacked b7 a dozen rioters. He
chot and dangerously wounded Harry
Mockert. The situation Is growing worse.
Soldiers From Fort Sam Houston At
tack Non-Union Crews at San
Antonio.
VIOLENCE AND BLOODSHED
TVTAKK STREETCAR STRIKE
TEN YEARS
OF STORMY
WEATHER
TRENTON, N. J., Otober 1L— Henry
Brown, a retired hotel-keeper and a man
of considerable means, was mistaken for
a burglar early this morning and was shot
by Peter Kotz, Into whose house Brown"
had forced an entrance. Brown was 6hot
twice In the head and his physicians have
r.o hope for his recovery.
Brown's act in breaking Into Kotz's
house Is unexplainable except on the
ground of insanity. Brown was acting
etrangely In the early part of the evening,
and is said to have been drinking quite
heavily. He has been unconscious since
he was shot. The supposition is that in
his bewildered condition he thought he
was getting into his own house. Kotz
surrendered and is EtlH under arrest.
Tries to Break Into a Neighbor's
House While Intoxicated and
Is Fatally Shot.
RETIRED HOTEL-KEEPER
MISTAKEN FOR A BURGLAR
President E. G. Foreman f the Fore
man Brothers Banking Company and
Julius Strauss, a brother-in-law of Kohn,
denied all knowledge of the existence of
a Mrs. Kohn and intimated that her claim
was a blackmailing scheme on the part
of the designing woman.
At 2240 Calumet avenue, Kohn's home,
his sisters, Mrs. Foreman and Mrs.
Strauss, hysterically repudiated the al
leged marriage at Beulah, Wis., and de
clared likewise that blackmailing was the
foundation for the woman's presence at
their brother's death in San Francisco.
For a time little was heard of the wo
man. She dwelt with her mother on
Groveland avenue and later lived In a fiat
in the Twenty-second street district.
It was here that she was often seen in
company with young Kobn. The young
man traveled about the "red light" dis
trict on Twenty-second street and keep
ers of resorts say- he spent money with
the prodigality of a prince. A company of
wealthy young men of the South Side
were his associates and Kohn bore the
reputation among those who knew him. of
being a "good fellow." The Webb woman
was known in the Twenty-second street
district as "Dot" Thurman and her past
history was not a secret.
Early this summer the woman went
with Kohn to Lake Beulah, where he had
a summer cottage. It is said that the
couple were married by a Justice of tfie
Peace in the Wisconsin village. When
they returned to Chicago a short time
ago It is said Kohn announced to ac
quaintances that he was going to Europe
with the woman. Instead of doing so it
transpired that he went to California.
CLAIM IT IS BLACKMAIL.
STOBY OF A MARRIAGE.
In September, 1900. William B. Dunton,
an absconding employe of the Union Na
tional Bank, was brought back to Chicago
after a wild trip with "Dot" Thurman on
a yacht fn Atlantic waters "and confessed
to having stolen $20,000 from tha .Institu
tion which employed him. It was through
the power of the siren that he was Influ
enced to commit the crime and to blight
the life of his devoted wife.
George S. Forbes, whom Dunton had in
duced to become his accomplice, ended his
life by suicide when the crime was dis
covered. His death was indirectly the re
sult of the far-reaching influence of the
beautiful and daring adventuress. Forbes
was teller in the bank. Dunton would
draw personal checks, which Forbe3
would honor. Then Dunton would steal
the checks and the books would be tam
pered with. *
CHICAGO. Oct. 1L— Ethel Webb, known
In Chicago as Dorothy Thurman, a wo
man who has wrecked the lives of Abra
ham H. Kohn of Chicago and two ether
wealthy men. Is now on her way to this
city from San Francisco, bearing what is
alleged to be a will drawn In her favor.
Of the men who have fallen under the
fascination of the woman one Is a suicide,
one is wearing prison stripes in Joliet and
the third lies dead in San Francisco.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The doctor's first experiment was with
toracic acid and he has not yet been able
to make ud his report. Dr. Wiley said
to-night: "Salicylic acid probably will be
the first preservative uAd in the exper
iments. The report of the work accom
plished with borax last year has been al
most completed. So far I have been able
to make only deductions from the exper
iments."
Wiley's s#bond "poison squad" is com
posed cf twelve young men of perfect
physique and health, and they have all
Eigncd a pledge to live- at Dr. Wileys
poison table until July 1. 1904. and take
no meals elsewhere. They are enlisted
for this experiment under almost as strin
gent regulations as would be required if
they enlisted in the army. They are as
eured a high class table, equal to that ol
acy boarding-house in the city, but with
their food wrill b« mixed salicylic, sul
phurous and benxcic acids, to enable Wi
ley to determine the effect of these acids
on the health when mixed with food, as
they are contained in many adulterations
end food preservatives.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 1L— Dr. Wiley,
chief of the bureau of chemistry In the
Agricultural Department, will to-morrow
begin his eecor.d study of the effects of
food adulteration.
Epeclal Dispatch to The Call.
Woman's Claim to Wifehood
Is Credited by Chicago
Acquaintances.
Effect of Salicylic and Sul
phurous Acids Will
Be Studied.
between Russia and Japan, as the
war would extend her sphere of
influence in China.
A number of field guns 1 - were
embarked at Port Arthur on Fri
day. Their destination is un
known.
It is said that the Japanese
have decided to declare Hostilities
on Sunday, 611 the expiration of
their ultimatum.
The Post, also prints a Chefu
LONDON, Oct. 12.— A dis
patch to the Morning Post from
Chefu, dated October 10, says
that a Russian fleet has cleared
from Port Arthur with a total
strength, including auxiliaries, of
ninety ships. It is reported in
Chefu that the Japanese are land
ing troops at Masampho, Korea.
.There .are strong indications
that Germany favors hostilities
RUSSIAN FLEET SAILS.
China was to be permitted to
maintain whatever force she
thought necessary in Manchuria
after the evacuation of that terri
tory. Russia also agreed, if Tien
tsin were restdred to the Chinese
within the first six months, to
evacuate Newchwang at the time
this restoration" was made. The
allies turned over Tientsin to the
Chinese 6n August 15 last year.
The convention was to have been
ratified within three months, but
this was 1 not done.
Last month M. Lessar, in his
note to the Chinese Foreign
Board, promised to begin the
evacuation of Manchuria on Oc
tober 8, provided China accepted
several conditions, which- China
has refused to do, under pressure
principally from Japan and Great
Britain.
Russia has now put aside the
entire treaty, which, recent devel
opments show, she had no inten
tion of observing.
YOKOHAMA, Oct. n.— The
Manchurian convention between
Russia and China, which the St.
Petersburg Government has arbi
trarily abrogated, was signed on
April S, 1902, and, according to
it, the evacuation of the three
Manchurian provinces was to
have been carried out in three
successive periods of six months'
from the signing. A note of M.
Lessar was appended to the con
vention, declaring that "if the
Chinese Government, notwith
standing the assurances given by
it, violates any provision of the
convention the Russian Govern
ment will not hold itself bound
either by the terms of the Man
churian agreement or by the dec
larations previously made in con
nection with the matter, and will
be compelled to repudiate any re
sponsibility and consequences
that might arise therefrom."
CONVENTION NOT BATIFIED.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Abraham Kohn Not the
First Victim of
Her Wiles.
Twelve Young Men to
Be Fed on Adulter
ated Foods.'
Fleet Sails
From Port
Arthur.
Dr. Wiley's Squad
Is Ready for
the Tests.
Ethel Webb Has a
Record as Ad
venturess.
Will Hold to
China's Ter=
ritory.
WILL GO ON
POISON DIET
FOR MONTHS
LURES MEN
TO SUICIDE
OR PRISON
Russia Makes
Plain Her
Purpose.
YOKOHAMA, Oct. ll.—M. Lessar, the Russian Minister to China, has announced that the
Manchurian Convention Has lapsed.
BERLIN, Oct. 12. — A dispatch from Shanghai to the Frankfurter Zeitung states that news has reached there from Chef u to the effect that the
Japanese have occupied Masampho and that an official declaration of war is expected.
RUSSIA ARBITRARILY THRUSTS ASIDE THE MANCHURIAN TREATY;
JAPAN SEIZES MASAMPHO AND WAR NOW SEEMS INEVITABLE
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, OCTOBER 1 2, 19)3.
prigs five atinrfs.
VOLUME XCIV-JsO. 134.
The San Francisco Call.In the meantime Susan Big Road and
J. Little Plume, who attempted to defend
themselves, were overpowered. Bis: Road
was shot through the head and Little
Plume's throat was cut badly and his
arm stabbed. The other two children ot
the KesUDkst family wore shot through
the hpad and Alice Big Road received a
bullet in the leg. Mrs. Little Plume was
apparently the last victim. Her throat
was cut from ear to ear. Of the victims
Alice Big Road will recover, but Little
Plume is in a critical condition.
It is- impossible to learn the truth re
garding the cause of the assault. Four
Indians have been placed under arrest,
and the greatest of excitement prevails
on the western part of the reservation
near where the massacre occurred.
The cause of the quarrel which was fol
lowed by the tragedy has not been fully
ascertained. A number of Indians hel'i
a carousal last nl*rht, after obtaining an
unusually large amount of liquor. In
some manner, it is said, Kesupkst incur
red thn aneer of several of the Indians,
and after he left the scene of the carousal
they continued to drink, and finally de
cided to massacre the Kesupkst people.
The Kesupkst family occupied a- large
house. All were asleep when the slaugh
ter besan. The murderers, said to num
ber five, broke into the house and fired
upon the husband and father as he lay in
bed. He" was shot through the head, dy
ing instantly. Mrs. ¦ Kesupkst Jumped
from the bed before a .second shot could
be fired and, seizing her youngest child,
ran screaming from the house. She was
followed and captured. She struggled to
keep possession of her babe, when one of
the attacking party placed a revolver at
the head of the infant and fired. The ball
crashed through the child's brail and en
tered the mother's heart, killing both in
stantly.
SPOKANE. Wash.. Oct. 11— As a result
of a drunken row on the Blackfoot In
dian Reservation, in Western Montana,
seven peopls are dead and two are wound
ed. The dead are W. A. Kesuokst and
Mrs. Kesupkst, their three youjg chil
dren and Susan Biff Road and .Mrs. Lit
tle Plume. The wounded are Alice Blp
Road and J. Little Plume. All are Black
foot Indians. :
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Bullet Crashes Through th© Brain of
a Child and Then Pierces the
Heart of the Protecting
Mother.
Over - Indulgence in Liquor
Results in a Mas
sacre;
Seven Indians Killed at
. Night on Montana
Reservation.
MURDERERS
TAKE LIVES
OF INFANTS
A Singapore dispatch to the Daily Mall
says- that v the ,< British admirals of - the
China, Australian and East Indian squad
rons have '-arrived- at • that* port 'and will
cotfvene aboard Hl'M. S. Glory to-morrow
to discuss the question of naval concen
tration and strategy in the Far East.
4 LONDON, Oct. 1L— The correspondent of
the "Daily Moll at Shanghai telegraphs:
"Careful inquiries show that the only
Japanese troops at Masampho are In the
small territory conceded to Japan In con
nection with railway building and their
presence Is, therefore, in accordance with
treaty rights." ' ' . \
BRITISH ADMIRALS GATHER.
Itchlnc. BMimI. Bleedl&r or Protruding. Pile"-
Tour droRlst will refund money if Pazo
Dlattacnt falls to cur* you^n 6 to 14 days. 60c*
WASHINGTON. Oct. TL— The keenest
disappointment Is felt by members of the
Government ' over the apparent intention
cf Russia to maintain control of Man
churia. A few months ago Russia's at
titude would not have excited surprise,
but sine* the St. Petersburg Government
save written assurances to the powers
that her troops would'be.wlthdrawn from
Chinese, territory on October 8 and made
a treaty with China to that end, the deep
suspicion that existed in this capital grad
ually gave way to the optimistic " feeling
that Russia would observe in good faith
the pledges she had put down In black
and white.
There, was a pretty general belief among
A Guaranteed- Cure- for Pile s-
SYMPATHY IS WITH JAPAN.
Washington Government Deplores
Russia's Duplicity.
dispatch, dated "Sunday, 8:50 p.
m.," saying that the situation is
unchanged and that everything is
quiet at Port Arthur. The corre
spondent adds that hostilities are
believed to be imminent. It is as
serted that the Russians have
fixed next Friday for the com
mencement of hostilities.
There is an exodus of Giinese
merchants from the Yalu Valley.
They are arriving at Chefu.
The strictest Quiet is being , preserved
about the affair and the commission ap
pointed by the Czar to Investigate Is pro
ceeding with great secrecy.
The officials were recently startled to
discover that the. treasure in the war
chest had dwindled to $150,000,000. It was
understood that all sums withdrawn from
the chest were restored from loans and
other revenues and the discovery that
this has not been done has created con
sternation here.
A decade ago the Russian state.ac
counts reported that the chest contained
the astonishing Bum of $400,000,000, a llg
ure which the Czar's Minister's and army
chiefs agreed was absolutely necessary to
have In hand in- the event of war. It Is
known that the chest was allowed to be
heavily "tapped" for various purposes in
the Far East, by the Siberian Railroad
among them, while payments to the Chi
nese mandarins and others for secret ser
vice purposes also were made from the
chest.
ST. PETERSBURG, Oct. U.-The Czar
has appointed a commission to investigate
the disappearance of a large share of the
hues treasure that was contained In the
so-called Russian "war chest." Russia
has always been supposed to have an
enormous store of gold ready for any war
emergency and a sensation has been
caused here by the discovery that fully
one-half of the treasure has disappeared.
Xeither theft or embezzlement is suspect
ed, but the Czar Is anxious to discover
just what has become of the treasure.
Gold in the Russian "War Chest"
Mysteriously Dwindles.
ENORMOUS ETJM DOSSING.
Continued From Pagre 1, Column 3.
Goodyear Rubber Co.
Certain parties are using the name
* vxoodyear" In selling mackintoshes and
rain coats and letting the customer un
derstand they are Goodyear goods. The
genuine garment has the "Gold Seal"
trademark on it. The Goodyear Rubber
Company hae but one store In Ban Fran
cisco, which Is located at E7S. 675. S77 and
679 Market street, near Second. •
RUSSIA THRUSTS ASIDE TREATY.
A gloomy atmosphere pervades the
State Department, which sees ita efforts
to save China from disintegration about
to come to" nothing. One of the disap
pointing features of the situation is that
the Government regards itself aa being
In a position where It can say nothing
and do nothing toward endeavoring to
persuade Russia to carry out her prom
ises.
those closely acquainted with the Roose
velt administration that Russia would not
I dare to bring down upon herself the con
i demnation of the civilized world by ignor
ing her Manchurian pledges. The men
who took this view are now admitting
that they -were mistaken. ;
No confidence is violated in making the
statement that the sympathy of the
United States Government is with Japan
• # in the endeavors she is making to prevent
the extension of Russian authority over
China. So strong Is the feeling in Japan's
favor that it amounts to partisanship,
and while the struggle which many be
lieve is bound to. occur between the Rus
sians and Japanese will find" the -United
States observing the position of neu
trality, this Government's cordial good
wishes will follow the fortunes of Japan
ese arms. The tradition of the firmly
cemented friendship between Russia and
the United States is evidently about to be
destroyed. ¦.
CHAIRMAN OF MEMORIAL.
SERVICES HELD YESTERDAY
BY NATIVE SONS.
Tennyson's touching poem "In Memo
ri&m" was recited by J. L. Crittenden.
Grand Second Vice President James L.
Gallagher paid the closing tribute to the
departed ones and Father Joseph P. Mc-
Quaide closed the services vrtth the bene
diction.
Wljile eome of the names on this roll of tha
departed are better known than others, and,
while some were more conspicuously connected
with the work of the order than others, there
if not a one who will not be missed. In thU
order, born in this unique land of broad valleys
end emlling. open skies, there is a peculiarly
de^p bond of sympathy which binds the mem
r*rs in a bond of brotherly love deep, undying.
\V* appreciate that for the good of ourselves it
If meet and right that we should gather here to
iay. Perchance next year, when the roll of the
dead is mounded, our ears will b« muffled to it
by the eod.
We have come upon this day. eo full of the
signs of /nature's barpiness, when all things
aeem to Induce thoughts cf the living to par
ticipate In this tribute to the dead. We know
that we are part of. that great body of which
•o many have pone befare. We know that the
came end Is for us — maybe to-morrow, maybe
next year. We know that some day, Bome
»-h(*re, we shall lose our hold on the narrow
pathway of life and e!!p into the mysterious eea
of etern'ty.
When the last strains of the funeral
dirg-e had died away, Chairman William
>I. Maguire epoke words of comfort to
those of the brothers of the great order
who had assembled to remember those
who had gone. Then followed Judge
Frank J. Murasky with a eulogy that
went straight to the heart. He said:
Mourning bands of purple and white
ewathed the cornices of the great assem
bly hall in the Native Sons' building;
eprays of cypress, emblems of death,
darkened the rich coloring with their
comber hues. From the delicate strings
of Instruments came the piteous wail of
Chopin's funeral march.. In the gloom,
of the darkened hall the ranks of listen
ers sat with bowed heads, Immovable.
The spirit of the great mystery gripped
hard upon the hearts of many.
Francisco parlors, Native Sons of
the Golden West, went yesterday after
noon to pay heartfelt tribute to the mem
ories of those of their brethren who had
been called into the shadow during the
jear last cast. There, with dirge and
eulogy, they gave fitting reverence to the
dead.
FROM the plad Bunshine and free
air of a perfect day into a. hall
hung with the somber colors of
death the members of the San
WBECKAGE I/ITTEE-S BEACH.
Virginia Surfman Makes Heroic Res
cue of Three Negroes.
NORFOLK, Va., Oct. 11.— The northeast
gale that has raged over this region since
Thursday has to-night practically spent
Its power, but for miles and miles along
the Virginia coast the beach Is littered
with wreckage, and throughout this en
tire section of the country devastation
lies In the wake of the storm. Thousands
of persons thronged the coast to-day to
¦view the wrecks of the big barges Ocean
Belle and Georgia. The body of Captain
George H. Adams of the Georgia was
washed ashore late last night.
The rescue of three negroes of the crew
by Surfman Capps was a heroic act.
Cappa. while two miles from any other
human being and patrolling his stretch
between tha stations, saw one negro
more than 100 yards off shore in the roar
ing surf. Without a moment's consider
ation he stripped and plunged into the
Bea, which was already a seething mass
of wreckage from the barges, and after
a hjilf hour's battle, single-handed and
EASTON. Pa., Oct. 11.— The Delaware
River began to recede about- midnight
and continues to fall rapidly. The Le
hlgh and the Bushklll are still backed
up for miles, and everything along their
banks is flooded. It is . Impossible to es
timate the loss or even approximate, it,
but in Easton and towns up and down
the Delaware It will take millions to re
place the bridges and repair the damage.
Only one bridge from the headwaters of
the Delaware to Easton is standing, and
that is an old covered structure at Port
land.
The Jersey Central bridge is seriously
damaged, and at least three spans will
have to be replaced. The bridges at
Riegelsville, Mllford and Frenchtown
were washed away.
The Belvidere and Delaware division
of the Pennsylvania* Railroad is closed,
and trains are stalled here. Big washouts
occurred up and down the- road. The
North Delaware River highway is dam
aged to the extent of $20,000.
Mayor Lehr directed a relief corps, com
posed of policemen, National Guardsmen
and citizens, that rescued hundreds of
flood-bound residents along the Lehigh
River. The refugees were housed in the
City Guard armory.
The West Easton Industries are still
submerged; also the gas and electric light
and power plants. Zearfoss & Milliard.
lumber merchants suffered $50,000 dam
age. r . . . , r .
LOSS TOTALS MILLIONS.
The Delaware and Raritan Canal and
the canal feeder both are reported to have
several breaks in their banks at different
points. Assistant Suprintendent Dunn of
the canal company said to-night that he
thought these breaks would be repaired €o
permit the resumption of traffic by Tues
day. The water in the river has fallen
considerably here to-day. -• '.
About 100 houses in South Trenton are
still partially under water by reason of
the overflowing of the river. The city's
The railroad officials here have only
meager Information as to the condition
of the Belvidere division, as all the tele
graph wires are down with the exception
of a single one between this city and
Lambertville and that works imperfectly.
Railroad traffic on the Amboy division
from this city to Camden is suspended.
The tracks along the river between this
city and Bordentown are submerged at
points to a depth of three feet and trains
are not running. Traffic on the main line
of the Pennsylvania Railroad is now being
conducted with little deviation from the
regular schedule.
The two wagon bridges between this
city and Morrisville were both damaged
by the wreckage from the other bridges
coming down the river. The Calhoun
street bridge was so badly damaged that
to-day no traffic across it was allowed.
Many washouts are reported from differ
ent points, and In some places the tracks
are submerged by the overflowing of the
river.
TRENTON. N. J., Oct. 11.— The extent
of the damage done by the flood in this
section is now beginning to be fully
realized. At least six and possibly all
nine of the wagon and foot bridges across
the Delaware River between this city and
Easton, Pa., have been carried away.
. The one iron bridge between Trenton
and Easton is that crossing the river from
Point . Pleasant, Pa., to Byram, N. J.
This bridge, which is about half way be
tween Trenton and Easton, is believed to
be the only one not destroyed. These
bridges were erected at an average cost of
$50,000 each.
MANY BRIDGES GO OUT.
Enormous Damage Is Done in the
. Vicinity of Trenton.
The Pennsylvania and Lehigh Valley
railroads, except for minor interruptions,
practically resumed their regular sched
ules to-day. All Western mails arrived
here practically on schedule time.
The roads most affected by the storm,
the Erie and Lackawanna, were still
badly tied up on their main lines. On
their various branches It will take days
to repair the damage.
The damage to the Erie was the most
widespread. On its main line to-day
trains got as far as Passaic. On several
of the branches there was little or no
traffic. On the New Jersey and New
York division there were serious and fre
quent interruptions past Spring Valley.
The Lackawanna put up notices which
read: "All, tickets to Washington and
West .sold at passenger's risk."
During the day the mala line was cut
off service between Paterson and Boon
ton. Traffic ceased also on the Sussex
branch, the line being washed out In sev
eral places.
NEW YORK, Oct. 11.— With their re
pair crews working to their limit - and
their depots crowded by stormbound
passengers, the railroads running out of
the city to the New Jersey suburban
districts and tho west and south strug
gled slowly all day to get back to normal
conditions. i
New York Bailroads Struggling to
Bestbre Normal Conditions.
TRAFFIC AT A STANDSTHX.
Passaic is a greater sufferer from the
flood than eve/i Paterson. Twenty mills
in Passaic alone are under water and 8000
workers are .out of employment. Ten
thousand persons have left their homes.
Eight hundred houses are flooded to the
eaves and in all 1000 acres are covered
by water from a depth of a few inches to
twenty feet. Several million feet of lum
ber have been carried down to Newark
Bay.
In Weaselbrook the Erie tracks are sus
pended in the air, the twenty-foot em
bankment having been washed away.
Twenty three-story frame houses have
gone -floating down the Passaic River and
as far as can be estimated the loss of
city property, real estate and buildings
is $2,000,000.
The maximum height of the flood was
two feet above the flood of 1902. To-night
it is receding.
Twenty-five bridges are down in Pas
saic and Sussex counties, on the Su'sque
hanna Railroad. Street Commissioner
Breet fears that many houses on River,
Main and West streets will fall.
Seven men are now in peril of their
lives in the Kearns Bros.' dye house on
the river margin near Paterson. A part
of the works has' been carried away. The
men have been In that part which re
mains standing since Friday noon.- While
they were trying to save thousands of
dollars' worth of silks by carrying them,
to the top of the building the structure;
was surrounded by water and the men
were cut off from all assistance because
of the torrent that has been rushing by
ever since. It is believed that tha entire
building will be carried from its founda
tion unless the flood subsides very soon.
The suffering in Wellington and Dut
tonvllle has been very great, as no re
lief has been able to reach these places.
All through this district houses and out
buildings, together with a great quantity
of dead stock, may be seen floating about.
SEVEN MEN 'IMPERILED.
that the armory be thrown open for this
purpose.
The city of Passaic passed a sleepless
night, it being feared that the Dundee
dam would give way. That would have
relieved the river at Paterson at the ex
pense of the cities below. Fortunately
Dundee dam is still intact.
water power supply, which is an artificial
stream running through the city parallel
with and about three blocks back from
the city, also overflowed and did consid
erable damage. This has made a, sort of
an island of the intervening high ground.
Comparatively small damage is being
done outside of that to furniture and the
inconvenience caused. Where the houses
are flooded there seems to be no current
and the structures are not being weak
ened on their foundations. Some of the
houses have been abandoned.
The passenger, steamship reported In a
dangerous position off the capes last night
proved to-day to be the Old Dominion
steamer Hamilton, from New York on
Friday. The Hamilton reached Norfolk
at 4 o'clock this morning after a terrible
experience in ' the gale.
Anchored off Virginia Beach, with no
signs of life aboard, are two large sea
going barges. Both are slowly but surely
dragging toward'the beach. What fate
has befallen theln crews is not known.
While nothing new is reported In the
way of wrecks on the coast, there Is ab
solutely no. means of obtaining'informa
tion from points more than six miles
south of .Virginia Beach. The entire
coast telegraph system is prostrated and
if will be some days before communica
tion can be restored.
alone, brought the unconscious man to
shore.
A moment later he discovered through
a rift another form and once more went
Into the surf. Thlg time his struggle was
a harder one, but he eventually succeeded
in saving a second negro.
Placing both men under th« lee of a
cliff, he started back to tho station to
give the alarm, when he saw a third ne
gro in the waves and for a third time
plunged In and brought an unconscious
man ashore.
Continued From Page 1, Column 7.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER .12,-1903.
THOUSANDS IN THE FLOOD DISTRICT
LOSE THEIR HOMES AND WRECKAGE
LITTERS THE STORM-SWEPT COAST
With Funeral Dirge and Solemn and Beautiful Eu
logy by Chosen Speakers, Members of the
Order Pay Tribute to Memory of . the Dead
NATIVE SONS GATHER TO RENDER
TENDER RESPECT TO DEPARTED
2
ADVERTISEMENTS. "
Skin Diseases
. : Eczema, Salt Rheum, P&nples,
Ringworm, Itch, Ivy Poison,;Acne
: or other skin troubles, can be
promptly cured by
Hydrozone is endorsed by leading
physicians. It is absolutely harm-
less, yet most - powerful "healing
agent Hydrozone destroys para-
sites which cause these diseases.
Take no substitute and see that
every bottle bears my signature.
Triad Size. 25 Cents.
At Druggists or by mall, from
' Q £_ \ ,_\ Krv.Taxx.
FREE ( Boo 'j le * •¦ **• rational treat.
\ment «f dl««a«f » aeat free.
j 'BEERS
| Famous, the World
ft *Sold Everywhere. [
If HILBEKT MERCANTILE CO..
H Paciflo Coast Agenta, ,
ISHIRTSJ
ji ARE THE BEST j
II AT THE PRICE.
El CLUETT, PEABODY & CO.
@Vim. Vigor, Vitality for Men.
MORMON* BISHOKS PILJ.3
have been In use over fllty
years by tha leaders of th-*
Mormon Church and their
followers. Positively coro th>
worst cases In old and yours
artslnz from effects of self-
abuje. dissipation, excesses cr
cigarette smoking. Cure Los:
Manhood. Impotincy. Loss
Power. Night Losses Insom-
nia Palus 111 Back. Evil Desires. Lam* Back.
Nervous Ceblllty. Headache. Cnfltneas to Mar-
ry. Loss of Semen. *¦— g-\ Varicocele or Con-
eUpatioa Step Ner O {J*ous Twitching ot
Eyelids. Enacts ««M-Ts' mme Ut V In V'
vigor and potency C EN Tsr to every function.
Don't «et despondent, a euro Is at hand. Re-
store small, undeveloped orrans. Stimulate
the brain and nerve centers: CO* a box: tt tor
12 6O by mail. A written guarantee to cure cr
money refunded with 6 boxes. Circulars free.
Address BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 Ellis st.
Baa Francisco. CaL GRANT DRUG CO.. i»
and 40 Third st.
>ffi^0EW£Y,STR0NG &gfl/^frfc
ft ?PAT £ N Tsf Jj
>>ga^'33O MARKET ST. 3F^*y
fjg£ig22&,B MEN AND WOMEN.
H^JESiHrCTlES^SMSI C§8 Big O for unnatural
J&iKirim 1 to t 4xj%yf ! i dUchargsi.indammation*,
A*3tff Oiuutt-4 M irritations or uiceratiosj
JK«Sjff salt* •ulotore. of m u c o u * m?mbraQ»s.
IT"ni Tnnau fintMioa. PaiQiesf. and not aitria-
KaTTHEETMSCHEMlCilCO. g-<at or poUononi.
«^^\ CI.1CI<11AT1,O.|IC5 Sold by DmtsliU,
C8.i. J&yr or i9nt 'n plain wrapper.
.^sHfl by expreii. prepaid, for
\H^n|0'cf 9 M $1.00. or 3 bottles 12.73.
w •* Circulx- fact on raauset.
OCE^T TRAVEL.
sffiyC ?>v Steamers leave Saa Fran-
y^M^-VO^^ clsco as follows:
Ar'il VtJV For Ketohikan. tVranffel.
/flL/mWJJte \"*V Juneau. Haines. Sltagway.
I I \*j5f*i I I etc - Alaska — 11 a. m.. Oct.
I \ \«te*A/ ./ 8. 13. IS. Zi. 28. Nov. 2.
w\ \\ >O/ Change to company's steam-
VSivV_^y ers at Seattle.
For Victoria. Vancouver,
— Port Townaend. Seattle, Ta-
coma. Everett. Whatcom — 11 a. m. Oct. 8 r
IS. .23. 28. Nov. 2. Chanea at Seattle to
this company's steamers for Alaska and O. x.
Ry. ; at Seattle or Tacoma to N. P. Ry. - a^
Vancouver to C P. Ry. \
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)' — Pomona. 1-30
p. m.. Oct. 13, 19. 25. 31, Nov. 6; Corona, l-.io
p. m.. Oct. 10. 16.. Zi. ?S. Nov. 3.
For Los Aneeles (via Port Los Angreles and
Redondo). ! San Diego and Santa Barbara
Santa Rosa, . Sundays. 0 a. m. /.«¦-.-
. State of California, Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San. Pedro), Santa Barbara. Santa Crua, Mon-
terey, San Simeon. Cayucos, Port HarTord (Saa
Luis Oblspo), Ventura and Hueneme.
COW Bay. 0 a. m.. Oct. 8. 18. 24, Nov. 1
Bor.it a. 9 a. m.. Oct. 12. 20. 23, Nov. 3.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz, Santa Ro-
salia. Guayroas (Mex.), 10 a. m.. 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain folder.
,- Right Is reserved to change steamers or sail-
ing dates.
TICKET OrPICES — 4 New Montgom-
ery street (Palace Hotel), 10 Market street and
Broadway wharf.
Freight office. 10 Market street.
C. D. DUNANN. Genera*. Passenger. Agent
10 Market street. San Francisco.
O, R. & N. CO.
. ••Columbia" «a!!s Oct. 10. 20. 30. Nov. 9. i»
20. "George W. Elder" sails Oct. 8. 15. 25.
Nov. 4, 14. 24. Only steamship lino to PORT-
LAND, OH., and short rail line from Portland
to all ooints East. Through tickets to «:i
points, all rail or steamship' and rail at t.O\V-
EST RATES. Steamer tickets include berth
and m*als. Steamer sails foot of Spear nt. at
II a. tn. 8. F. EOOTII, On. Art. Pass. Dept..
1 Montgomery st.: C. CLIFFORD. G«n. Agt.
Freight Dept.. 3 Montgomery st.
TOYO -KISEN ¦ KAISHAa .
• j. <OIUENTAIj STEAMSHIP. CO.)
Steamers will leave wharf, corner First and
Brannan streets, at 1 p. m., for YOKOHAMA
and -HONGKONG, calling at Kobe (Hioga),
Nagasaki and Shanghai, and connecting at
llongkong with steamers for India, etc. .\ u
cargo received on board on day of salllnz
S. S. NIPPON MARU
Thursday. October 15." lam
S. 8. AMERICA MARU
Tuesday, November 10, 1903
S. S. HONGKONG MARU. . ......... . . . . ; ¦
Thursday, December 3,: 1903
Via Honolulu. Round-trip tickets at reduced
rates. For freight and passage apply at »*om-
pany's office, 421 Market street, comer First.
W. H. AVERT. General A^ent?
oce8Bies.5.eo.Hg^.
S.S. ALAMEDA. for HOnolulu.Oct. 17. 11 a m
S.S. MARIPOSA, for Tah'tf. Oct. 2«. 11 a.- m"
B S. SIERRA for Honolulu.?' Samoa. .'Auckl
land and Sydney. Thursday. pct..-1X>. 2 pm.
U. IPIECttlS k BH».G9 n lfl!i.. Tltiirt BaSa.E43 Sariiia
WtSCa.323 HartilSLJavSa. l.h^lL
COMPAGNIS GENEKAL3 TB1X3ATLaST!QCS.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. -i.1*
bailing every Thursday instead of
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 12 SMteV V
North .River, toot of. Morton street.
Flrst-clasa to Havre. >70 and upward. Sec-
ond-class to Havre, $45 and upward of\.
EIIAL AGENCY FOP. UNITED STATES AVD
CANADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson Butld'nir»
New York. J. F. FUOAZI & CO.. Pacific cSSi
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San FrancLKu.
Ticket* sol.1 by all Railroad Ticket A pentsT
Mare Ialaad ana Vallejo Steamers.
8teamer OEN. FR1SBIE or MONTICELLO—
9:15 a. m.. 3:15 and S:30 p. m., except Sunday
Sunday. 9:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leave Vallejo!
7 a. m.. 12:30 noon, 6 p. m.. ex. Sunday. Sun-
day. T a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Fare. 8O cents. Tel
Main 120S. Pier 2, ill*»ion-st. dock. HATCH
CEOS.
ADVERTISEMENTS. " • ,
Is ' *« mm**"Um ¦-¦¦¦¦ ¦A-i^L^^gM ¦ *t«ft n i ), 'tt**J* ¦ tf *¦* ' 'W L- W ? »V J V f ¦ "^ H "^ D "^ fL-., ->-'-3Pioneer Dies in the South.
SARATOGA. N. Y., Oct. 1L — Reports
from different points In the lower Adlron
dacks state that all of the streams and
lakes in that region are much swollen
and are discharging an unusual quantity
of water Into the upper Hudson River,
but there has been comparatively little
damage in the foothill townships so far.
Adirondack Streams Swollen.
If you want to retain in memory a pic
ture of some Interesting event snap It
with a camera from the photographic de
partment of Eanborn, Vail & Co., 711 Mar
ket street. • • .
Cameras and Supplies.
SUFFERN. N. Y.. Oct. ll.-The storm
that prevailed through thla section for
the past two days was one of the most
disastrous ever known here. The trestle
on the Piedmont branch Is a total wreck.
Western trains are unable to proceed
beyond this place.
The town of Hlllburn. one mile from
here. Is cut off. as all the bridges have
been washed away. The town of Ramapo
Is a almost in ruins. Many persons are
homeless. The Iron works at Hlllburn
are flooded, and It Is feared that no work
will be done for a long time. Five hun
dred employes will be affected. Work ha*
been stopped at all the shops, and 1000
men are Idle.
Supplies . are short, as very few trains
from New York are bringing In freight.
Flood Checks the Wheels of Industry
in New York Towns.
HTOTDBEDS OUT OF WORK.
SPOKANE. Wash.. Oct. 11.— ETmer Pe
trie of Sookane was shot to .leath by a
thug on a Northern Pacific freight train
a short distance west of the high Hans
man Creek trestle shortly after 3 o'clock;
to-night. Robbery was the motive of the
murder. G. E. Fu>Kerson, a harvester,
who lives at North Yaklma, was the only
eye witness cf the murder except the ac
complice of the man who fired the shot.
Fulkerson and the victim of th? murder
were traveling together In a lumber cap
from the harvest fields to Spokane, ac
cording to Fulkerson's story, when tho
two men came over the top of the train
and approached them. The four talked
a minute, and then one of the strangers
fired a shot over Fulkerson's h^ l ad. Pe
trle fell over against the lumber pile. Tha
two men then ordered Fulker«on to hold
up 'his hands, searched him and made him
get off the swiftly moving train. Fulker
son landed safely, walked to Spokane and.
told the police his story. The train had
arrived, and In the lumber. Just whera
Fulkerson said the body would be found.
It wai found. The man was dead.
"I had been working as a harvest hand
in the southern part of the county." said
Fulkeraon. "and yesterday I wanted to
come to Spokane. I took a freight train
on the Ssokane and Palouse ac Plaza,
and rode in the caboose. At SD<insIe Pe
trie cot on. The car we were In was %
coal car loaded with lumber. We sat down
between the lumber pile and the end oC
the car. Pretty soon two men came from
toward th* back of the car and sat down
on the edge of the lumber pile on the car
right behind our car. They were sitting
where they cou!d look down on us. Sud
denly one of the men reached a gun right
over my head and fired at Petrle, who
was sitting behind met The shot blinded
me for a moment, and then one of tha
men grabbed me. while the othtr went
through my pockets and took my purse.
"When they told me to Jump off tha
train it was going pretty fast, and I
hated to jump. They told me to be quick
about it. and I Jumped off. As I got off
I heard one of them say: 'I guess we have
shot the other .' That was
the last I saw of th«m. I could not de
scribe the men. Neither of them waa
masked. My Impression is that they
were hoboes. They were roughly dress
ed and wore dark clothes, as near as I
could make out."
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The arrest was made . shortly before
noon by Constable Neilson, assisted by
three citizens from the little village of
Halliday. Haworth's presence in the lo
cality was first discovered by the 16-year
old son of Constable Xeilson, who was
returning from Sunday-school. He imme
diately notified his father, who selected
three reliable men, armed them with
shotguns and drove to pie cabin, expect
ing Haworth to give battle. The latter,
however, quietly submitted to arrest. He
was taken back to the penitentiary,
locked in a murderer's cell and a double
guard placed over. him. .
James Lynch, the .other . condemned
prisoner who escaped. Is still at large, but
the prison officials look for his early
capture. In company with a man sup
posed to be an ex-convlct Lynch held up
Ed O'Connell. the night watchman at the
Parley Canyon reservoir, last night and
compelled him ! to drive them several
miles up Emigration Canyon. Since then
no trace has been found of either man.
although many possea. spurred on by the
offer of a large reward, kept up an inces
sant hunt thoughout the day.
SALT LAKE, Oct. 11.— Almost famished,
his limbs torn and bleeding from contact
with the thorny underbrush through
which he plunged in his mad flight for
freedom, Nick Haworth, one of the two
convicts who escaped from the State pris
on near here Friday night, was to-day re
captured in a cabin less than a dozen
miles from the penitentiary. Contrary to
expectation, Haworth made flo resistance
and meekly complied with the command
to surrender.
Companion of Victim Com
pelled to Leave Fast-
Running Car.
Nick Haworth, Who Got
Away From Utah Feni
tentiary, Retaken.
Surrenders.
Officers Surprise Him in
a Cabin and He
Brutal Killing of Spcn
kane Man D7 Un
known Robber.
MURDER DONE
ON THE TRAIN
SCAPED FELON
IS RECAPTURED
and she was thrown to the- ground." The
car was stopped as soon as possible and
Captain Varney and his men of the life
saving station, near which the accident
occurred, lifted the unconscious *. woman
on a car and took her to the hospital. Her
relatives were- summoned and she died
soon after they reached her bedside. She
was a very attractive girl and for some
! time was employed in a candy store on
; Haight street. •
DEATH CLAIMS
GIFTED WRITER
Colonel Richard . Henry
Savage Passes Away •
in New York.
Special Disp&tch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Oct. VL— Colonel Richard
Henry Savage, author and soldier, died
last night at the Roosevelt Hospital from
injuries received on the night of October
3, when he was run down at Sixth avenue
and Forty-second street by ~a delivery
wagon.. \-.-i '.¦'.';'>. 'vv;^ 1 :.^':^
Born In Utica, N. Y., in 1847, Richard
Henry Savage was destined to see many
lands and many phases of human life. He
was sent in 1S64 to me United States Mli
itary Academy, from which four years
later he was graduated. After serving a
few years as lieutenant in the army he re
tired to civil life until 1871, when he joined
the Egyptian forces, where he remained
for three years. Returning-, to this- co'un
try he entered the employ of the South
ern Railway, and remained with that cor
poration for ten years.
He was married to Miss Anna Josephine
Sheible, - a talented Russian . woman, In
1874, and It was through her Influence that
he turned his attention to literature! His
varied experiences furnished abundant
material. His most successful books were
"My^Offlcial Wife," | which has been dra
matized, and "Under the- Shadow of the
Pyramids." His contributions to * fiction*
have been numerous.
Colonel . Savage -volunteered- for service
in the Spanish-American war and was
senior, major of the Second United States
Volunteers. He - personally - directed the
raising of the American flag over the city
of Havana. ' . . '
Ocean City Practically Deserted.
.OCEAN CITY, .Md., Oct. ll.-Thls city
is ' practically deserted to-night. Owing
to the hurricane and high tides the great
er part of the city has been submerged
since Thursday night and many of the
residents have sought shelter on higher
ground. In addition to the damage re
ported in : last night's dispatcher, another
section of the front of : Congress Hall, a
leading hotel, about 100 feet in extent was
torn away to-day. The entire ocean front
of, the Windsor Hotel collapsed. A large
number of cottages , were I either washed
from their foundations or destroyed. {
Just as Beals cut the parachute loose
from his balloon Miss Madge Henney, who
had spent the day at the beach in'com
pany of her sister, Mrs; E. D. Miller, and
a friend. Miss Rose Elgueta of 140 Page
street, threw her head backward and gazed
upward. She was riding on the steps of
a crowded car, and her head must , have
extended some distance outward; for in
a second it. struck one of the iron poles
that is used in carrying the current wires
MISS HENNEY'S DEATH.
Beals was born in Lafayette, Ind., and
was 31 years of age. About four years
ago he was employed at the Home for the
Adult Blind in Oakland and shortly after
leaving this place he. commenced making
balloon ascensions, being employed at dif
ferent places of amusement throughout
the State. His wife and mother have al
ways been opposed to his risking his life
as an aeronaut, and, although he often
promised them that he would abandon the
dangerous profession, like many others he
went up once too often.
He was hurt Sunday, September 27, while
making an ascension at "Coney Island."
but at that time his injuries were not seri
ous. When he went home to dinner yes
terday he told his wife that he was going
to the city, but did not tell her that he
was about to . make an ascension. She
knew nothing of his death until after 9
o'clock last evening.
Beals was well known In Oakland, where
he lived for sixteen years. He was a fire
man In the employ of. the Southern Pa
cific Company and lived at 812 Wood
street with his wife and 6-year-old daugh
ter.
His mother, Mrs. M. J. Beals, lives at
S02 Wood street, where she keeps a rail
road boarding-house. '
DEFIED FAMILY WISHES.
alight, and taking the unconscious form
in the buggy, drove in all haste to the
hospital. Dr. Stevens-after a short exam
ination said that life had been extinct for
some minutes. Just what caused Beals
to drop Is a matter of conjecture. It is
believed by Vosmer that he feared falling
In the lake he was so fast approaching
and sought to alight In the shrubbery
along the road. He may have misjudged
his distance and thought the fall would
be much less than it was. He struck with
terrible force, sufficient to indent the
earth to a depth ot'*everal inches. It Is
also possible that he wa.=s overcome from
his exertions while performing on the
bar and dropped from lack of strength.
AERONAUT WHO FELL TO HIS DEATH YESTERDAY WHILE MAKING
PARACHUTE DESCENT. AND YOUNG WOMAN WHO WAS KILLED
WHILE WATCHING FLIGHT OF HIS BALLOON. ; - •
ROCHESTER. N. T., Oct. 11.— A shortage of
(8000 In the account* . of Julicn Stein, treas
urer of the National Casket ' Company, has,
*t U alleged, beta discovered.'
BURLINGTON, N. J., Oct. 11.— This
town is suffering from the worst flood in
its history, approximately; four-fifths of
the place being under water caused by
the tremendous » flood in the Delaware
River. The highest point of the town is
only three feet above the flood In some
of the streets, and. the river is still rising.
The southern section of the town is flood
ed to a depth of from two to six feet, and
much of the surrounding country Is also
under water. In East Burlington It is es
timated that 90 per cent of the houses are
Inundated. Many ' families are In want,
and this afternoon the Mayor and,. the
Chief of Police. made a tour of some. of
the streets in a- bateau and gave food to
those in need.-: "ff.V'7 "*"
Burlington Is Inundated.
Much damage was done along both
banks of the river all the way to Dela
ware Bay. The flood did some damage
In the League Island navy-yard.
PHILADELPHIA. Oct. 11.— Delaware
avenue, which runs along the, Delaware
River, was again flooded for a distance of
two miles in this city at high tide this
afternoon. The water was so high that
ferry-boats were unable to enter their
slips without doing damage and for sev
eral hours service between this city and
Camdcn and Gloucester was suspended.
The cellars of most of the business houses
on Delaware avenue were flooded and
thousands of dollars' worth of goods were
either ruined or damaged. The water in
the avenue receded with the tide, but it
Is feared that the next high tide will send
the water up into the thoroughfare again,
as the river is still far above normal.
WATER INVADES CELLARS.
Delaware River's Overflow Causes
Havoc in Philadelphia.
PANAMA. Colombia, Oct. 11.—Presiden
tial aspirations are clouding the political
horizon of Colombia. It Is reported that
General Pedro del Osplna, who has been
proposed by the Carlos party as a Presi
dential candidate for the next term,
angered by President Marroquln's oppo
sition to him and the latter's support of
General Reyes, who Is considered the- of
ficial candidate, has become seriously
complicated In a projected revolutionary
outbreak somewhere on the isthmus. It
is said that General Benjamin Herrera
and other prominent Liberal .leaders are
associated in the movement.
It Is stated that the concentration of
Venezuelan troops on the Colombian fron
tier is »part of the revolutionary plan,
President Castro's idea being, if not
actually to help the revolutionists with
men and arms, at least to prevent the
Government from moving the northern
army of 10,000 men under General Gon
zales Valencia against the rebels.
Fight Over Presidential Candidate
for the Next Term May Cause
Serious Trouble.
COLOMBIA IS THREATENED
BY ANOTHER REVOLUTION
BOSTON, Oct. 1L— The murder of Wong
Yak Chur.g in Chinatown two weeks ago,
the result it Is claimed of the highbind
ers' plot, was followed to-night by a gen
eral raid on the section under the direc
tion of Immigration Commissioner Bill
ings. Nearly 200 Celestials unable to pro
duce certificates of registration were
tak^n to the detention room at the Fed
eral building.
Boston's Chinatown Is Raided.
NEW ORLEANS, Oct. 11.— Just after a
big six-wheel driver engine that pulled
the Chicago' limited into the Union sta
tion over the Illinois Central had been
cut loose Oscar Nunez Estoplnal, a
nephew of Lieutenant Governor Estoplnal,
Jumped Into the cab and pulled the throt
tle, and the monster engine started down
the network of tracks. It steamed otit
through the government yards, with en
gineers, firemen and yardmen chasing it
at full speed, but they were left far be
hind. Suddenly the wheels struck a turned
switch, that threw the machine on a turn,
table and derailed the tender.
Estopinai escaped, but he was soon cap
tured and locked up. He is said to be
mentally unbalanced. He has a craze for
engines.
Special Diipatch to The Call.
"W. A. Bradford of 1185 Market street is
perhaps the most accurate witness to the
tragedy. Bradford was driving with his
wife along, the road that encircles the
chain of lakes in the park when he saw
the aeronaut descending but a few feet in
front of him and within thirty feet of.
one of the lakes. Bradford drew up his
horse, and as he did so Beals. .who was
within forty feet of the ground, suddenly
released his, hold of the trapeze bar and
plunged to the roadway in front of the
horse. Tossing the lines to his: wife the
driver ran to the assistance * of the ' In
jured man, but realized that human help
was of no avail. The balloonist, his skull
fractured and his ' bones shattered, was
breathing his last.
Bradford, however, asked bis wife to
Beals, who was a fireman employed by
the Southern Pacific Company, was en
gaged by Charles W. Vosmer, manager
of the Coney Island Gardens, to make a
series of ascensions. He has been in the
business for about four years and has, at
different times, been under Vosmer's
management. He was considered expert
and reliable and was advertised as a star
feature of the new attraction at the
beach. When the vaudeville programme
had been rendered all was made ready for
the ascension. The massive balloon was
cut loose from its moorings and the aero
naut was carried toward the sky.
The ascension was one of the prettiest
ever seen in the city. There was scarce
ly any wind and tne balloon rose straight
upward to a distance of probably 1500
feet. There was some fear for a time
on the part of the crowd that witnessed
the ascension that the' bag would drift
over the sea and that the aeronaut would
be drowned. All fears were allayed,
however, when the parachute, cut loose,
floated Inland, though the balloon after
the gas had escaped fell on the beach,
within a few feet of the ocean.
Beals amused the throng of spectators
with all sorts of antics. He went up
clinging to the trapeze by his toes, and
when far above the e'arth could be seen
twisting about in gymnastics and ap
peared much at east at the dangerous
height. When he cut his parachute loose
and started back in the direction of terra
tirma he continued his tricks, and when
he was lost to view behind tho trees r.eo
ple expressed themselves as delighted at
what they thought was a successful as
cension. It was not until some time later
that the news of the accident reached the
pleasure grounds. The first intimation
that Vosmer had that all had not gone'
•well was when news came from the Park
Hospital that the body of his employe
had been taken there in a buggy. :
AERONAUT STRIKES GROUND.
BEALS CARRIED ¦ UPWARD.
- f"^ EATH sped in the wake of a bal-
loon that cast its moorings at
JJ Coney Island Gardens yesterday
< afternoon. The aeronaut, Wll
. ' Ham H. Beals, who accompanied
the- inflated canvas bag to dizzy heights,
was dashed to the ground, mangled and
gasping his last, and a young woman,
Miss Madge Henney, who was watching
Its flight' against the sky, was thrown
from an electric car and died from her
injuries soon afterward.
William H. Beals, who now lies In the
Morgue, was an expert at his business.
He had been wafted toward the clouds
hundreds of times and such feats came to
be regarded by him as little more than
child's play, j As he hung in midair just
before the accident he performed feats
of daring on the bar of his parachute and
seemed to revel in the sport. It was not
until he was within a few feet of the
ground that he suddenly released his
hold, for some, unaccountable reason, and
pitched to the roadway beneath him. At
the same time Miss Madge Henney, a
pretty 17-year-old girl, residing at 1252
Folsom street, was being picked up with
a fractured skull and preparations were
being made to convey her to the Park
Hospital, where she expired. Her anx
iety to follow the flight of the unfortun
ate aeronaut brought her to a Bimllar
fate. While watching from a car her
head struck an electric pole, fracturing
her skull and throwing her to the side of
the track.
Crazed Man Boards Cab
and Pulls Throttle
Wide Open.
During t&e visit the greatest precau
tions will be taken to prevent any Injury
to the King.
The Jecoratior.? being put up in Paris
in honor of the visit of the King and
yuw:i of Italy will surpass thos,- erected
Tor Kirtz Edward.
The statesmen of France and Italy
recognize that there are possiKlities in
the visit of the Italian King of the great
est Importance, that may lead to closer
relatior.s and seriously affect tne triple
alliance. Sigr.or Prinetti. the former For
<ipn Minister of Italy, has declared that,
allied, the two countries could exercise
prr-at influence on the European concert.
President Loubet shares the opinion, and
earnestly seeks a rapprochement with a
Franco-Italian treaty of arbitration sim
ilar to the one about to be concluded with
<5reat Britain.
Between thp lires of troops the Italian
rulers, ncccmpanied by the Fre..oh Presi
dent nnd Mme Ivoubet.-wlll drive ti the
Palsce cf the Ministry of Forelrim Affairs,
v.hor? they will be lodged during their
Ftay. Tl-.e apartments have bt-cn cx«
Qdaftely furnished, and the King will
Flecp In the b«>d occupied by Napoleon.
Many souvenirs cf Marie Antoinette beau
tify Queen H^lene's boudoir. The King
rnd Ouocn will dine at the Palace of the
Klysecs. the President's residence, on
Wc-dnescey evening, and on Thursday
they Tvlll ro with President Bad Mme.
I^oubet to Versa!l!«H«. returning in the
? vorlnjj in tJme to attend a gala perform
ance at the Grand Ooera. in which some
of the most distinguished artists in
France will appear. The visitors will be
driven through the principal thorough
fares of the city on Friday and visit the
mint. A reception will be given in their
honor at the Hotel de Ville in the after
roar., and in the evening Foreign Minister
Delcame will give a bancuet to the dis
tinguished visitors.
The f!rtt official reception to the royal
visitors jrflj be givrn at Dijon, and from
the frontier until they rtach Taris King
Victor Emmanuel and his co isort will
see decorations, including the entwined
arms cf France and Italy, which the en
thusiastic Preach peasants have raided
at almoFt every station.
On arriving at Paris at 3:30 Wednesday
aftrmeon the King and his consort will
be roc-i'-od at the Bo:s de Boulogne rail
way station by President and Mme. Lou
ret, tfce Presidrnt of the Senate and the
Chamber cf DepatJes, the Minister of
State and other hi;rh officials of the re
public. French soldiers will surround the
nation asid stretch In two Ion? lines from
the station along the flag-bedecked
Avenue du Bois do Boulogne, through the
Arc de Triomphe and the Champs Elysefs
to the Palaco Oe la Concord, where a
battery will a^id Us thunder to the official
vfJcome.
accompanied by the Italian Forfign Min
ister and other distinguished Italian of-
OcJtJs. will cross the French frontier
Wednesday moi~nir.tr.
PARIS, Oct. ll.-Because of the pros
pect that It may have political results
as Important as those which attended the
tourtesies personally exchanged by Presi
dent Ivoubet and King Edward. France is
awaiting with eagerness the approaching
visit of the King and Queen of Italy, who.
EXCITING CHASE
AFTER AN ENGINE
Captain McCalla, who Is now in com
mand of Mare Island navy-yard, distin
guished himself in the Spanish-American
war while commanding the Marblehead
and was restored to the number?: he lost
while under suspension a number of years
ago. Captain McCalla was also advanced
three numbers for gallant services In the
China campaign in 11*00, In which he was
wounded.
Captain Bowmsn II. McCalla was born
la Now Jersey and appointed to the naval
academy in 1 V C1. He commanded the
MarMehead In the ,war with Spain and
during the Boxer trouble in China he
commanded a- detachment of marines that
went to the relief of Peking. -
The first three of the promoted cap
tains were advanced for war service.
None of theee three officers will occupy
the place held by Admiral Kempff and
consequently the advancement of a fourth
officer Is possible.
In the Civil War Captain William Hen-'
ry Whiting served under Admiral Far
rsgut and was especially commended by
that officer for gallant conduct In the
burning of the blockade runner under the
guns cf Fort ilorjjan. Captain Whiting
is a native of Wisconsin.
Captain French Hnsor Chadwick is a
native cf .Virginia and was appointed to
the naval academy in 1SC1. At the tiiifl»
of the War with. Spain he- was in command
of the New York, the flagship of tila
North Atlantic squndron. • '.,
Captain Benjamin Peffer Lamberton
served as chief of Tiafl with Admiral
Dewey at the battle of Manila. He wa*
born in Peru and was graduated from the
naval academy, la +jCb. . During the Civil
War he was v;ith the South Atlantic
scuadrcn. • ."
CAL.L BUREAU. 1406 G STREET, N.
V>'.. WASHINGTON, Oct. 11.— Four cap
tain? were advanced to rear admirals iri
the navy to-day thrcush the retirement,
by hte operation of the law. Rear Ad
miral Louis Kcmptt. The officers arft
Captains Benjamin P. Lamberton. French
E. Chadwick/ Bowman H. McCalla and
William H. Whitlnc.
Special Dispatch to The Call
King Victor EmmanHel and
Consort Will Arrive in
Paris Wednesday.
Lambsrton, Whiting, Me-
Calla and Chadwick Are
Promoted..
KempfiTs Retirement
Advances Quarlet of
Extensive Preparations
Are Made to Honor
Italy's Ruler.
FRANCE PROMISES
CORDIAL WELCOME
REAR ADMIRAL'S
STARS FOR FOUR
THE.SAN FRAKCISCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1903.
William H. Beals Meets a Tragic Fate SWhile Descending in a Parachute
Near the Chain of Lakes in Golden Gate Park and Miss Madge; Hen
ney Is Thrown From an Electric Car While Viewing Balloon's. Course
AERONAUT DASHED TO DEATH AND GIRL
KILLED AS SHE WATCHES HIS FLIGHT
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 11.— Captain X. G.
GUI. a forty-niner and ex-Sheriff and
ex-Postmaster of San Bernardino, died
this morning at his home In San Bernar
dino after an Illness of several weeks. He
was 73 years old.
3
The Call's Cook Book prem-
ium offer will close on October
30, 1903, and all readers of this
paper who desire a.copy of this
household treasure should not
fail to place' their order im-
mediately.
This splendid premium Trill
be offered to Call subscribers at
the exceptionally low rate of
fifty cents "per? copy.. Out of
town orders : twenty cents ad-
ditional to cove- prepayment of
transportation charges. >
COOK BOOK OFFER TO
CLOSE OCTOBER 30.
LOAN'S KIDNEY PILLS.
ISsIfThe street.
Ban rr*ac4sco People Ar« Talking About
It on ETery Corner.
It is sometimes an easy matter to fool
the public, but you can't keep It up very
long. Thty are sure to find you out; and
every time a man is fooled another skep-
tic is made. Skepticism is allowable when
reading in a home newspaper about some
incident occurring in Maine or Iowa, but
the circumstances are entirely different
¦when it refers to some one right here at
home — frlendf and neighbors, people you
know, whom you can see and with whom
you can talk it over. This le the kind of
evidence at the back of Doan's Kidney
Pills — the home statements by home peo-
ple and the astonishing local work they
have been doing has caused more talk
among our citizens than tne doings of
any other modern wonder. Read the fol-
lowing:
W. P. Candy, employed In a fruit can-
nery, residence. SIS Minna street, says: "I
have gone out of my way to Induce
friends and acquaintances whom I knew
suffered from backache or kidney com-
plaint to use Doan's Kidney Pills; in fact,
J have never lost an opportunity to in-
dorse them very forcibly. I have good
reasons for so doing. I knew that ctj-
kidneys were either excited or weakened.
I knew I required some medicine to
Boothe. purify and wash them and I se-
lected Doan's Kidney Pills. They did the
work thoroughly, quietly and quickly."
For sale by all dealers. Price, 50 cents.
FoFter-Milburn Company. Buffalo, N. Y.,
pole agents for the United States.
Remember the name — Doan's — and take
no substitute. * - .¦:¦_-¦:¦¦-.
t visit DR. JORDAN'S grcatj
Shuseuh of anatomy*
\ Cf The Largest Amateaical MuMua in the
Q _Jxj ¦ World. WeakBene* or taj contrtcted i
f^CjPfl 6:\ci\e p»»IU»»ly rarod hjr tfct oldett '
© Ijt— Ql Speoiiiit on the Ccut. t»t 34 r ei». <
A K&f* J DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF KEN 6
a f tj*»jfi ConiuIlatKXi free *nd itrirtly T>TiY»te. \
6 t £/*+* ft TiMtmeni r>*r»oi.»!iy or by Ir-trr. A A
\ S 1/ Id AV«n (V-< m c«ry a« urOfmktr. T
API '! f* v *"e tot Book. raiLO««PBY »t A
" fl ll B**IKI ACB « MAILED IKE*, f Af
A J /J. valuable book lor nrs) »
V Dtt. JORDAN A CO.. 1051 Market SL.R. P. Y
CUTLERY
Schilling's Best tea and ccC-
fee are not extremes; good-
enough; as good as you care
to pay for probably.
Monevback; grocer's.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
fftiit S®f
..*j|:, fei .;^M^$^' &?£
ggs$sp wB '''^&$^$#$&$ W$$
{jfii A A Splendid suit $A\
W to your measure w
PI If you have $13.00 to invest in a suit, by all I |
1 1 means see the clothes we are making to order at I |
m 1 We have lately received direct from the mills I 1
H I thousands of yards of fall patterns. With this I I
I 1 added to our already immense assortment we are I |
B 1 showing more patterns at $15.00 than were ever I I
¦ 1 shown in one line by any. store on this Coast here- I |
¦ \.. No matter what your fancy is, you will find it . f fi
«¦ amone these $15.00 suitings. ' I I
1 ¦ Furthermore, we know that many a tailor about m I
1 \ town is charging $20.00 for suits no better than m I
I \ these. We could prove it to you in a minute were ¦ I
Ja \ you to examine the quality of our goods. jj 1
?S« Our repairine guarantee goes with each suit. We m a
W ¦ will t repair. sponge and press all garments free of m t^"
II \' charge. This alone will save you many a dollar. m ML*
l\ m See our window display and remember we "have m 'FI
¦I ¦ a nun^ re< l more patterns inside. m ll
fl) a ou nce( * not y b ecause y° u l°°k or keep be- a 1 Ii
m/S II S uits for out-of-iown customers satisfactorily made to m II lyjil
I § order through our self-measuring system— § jl n^y
¦ ill write for blanks and samples. 1 ii I
I L 74 ° Market street and fU
l/lV Corner Powell and Eddy JI\\BALTIMORE, Oct. 12.— Archbishop Kain
of St. Louis, who has been ill at a sanita
rium here for several months, was uncon
scious at midnlsrbt.
LONDON, Oct. 11.— The champion fox ter
rier. Raby Coast Guard, bred by the Duchess
of Newcastle, was sold on • Saturday to a San
Francisco breeder, for nearly $2500.
CHICAGO. Oct. 11.— William G. Hibbard.
bead of U>e wholesale hardware firm of Uil.
feard. Spencer. Bartlett & Co. died to-dav <>f
Brisht'c disease, aged g7 years.
r
NEW YORK. Oct.' IL— At tho annual con
vention of the Christian and Missionary Alli
ance held here to-day the missionary offering
In cash and pledges amounted to $91,167. Rev
A. B. Simpson, who preached the annual ser
mon, said that for every man, woman and
child in t hi* United States $40 was spent an
nually for liquor and tobacco, while 40 cents
was the average contribution for each member
of Protestant churches In tbls country.
If so, looked through our framed picture
department and see how beautiful and at
tractive the new pictures are. and at such
moderate prices. Sanborn, Vail & Co., /41
Market street. •
Interested in Framed Pictures P
Sergeant Reuben Wolf has been trans
ferred from the Southern station to the
City Hall station and Sergeant Charles
Bush has been transferred from the City
Hall station to the Southern station.
Police Officers Transferred.
HONOLULU, Oct. 5.-Charles Walker of
Honolulu. has designed plans for a yacht
which he will offer to Sir Thomas Upton
and with which he hopes the Irish, tea
merchant will be able to lift the Amer
ica's cup next year . from the New York
Yacht Club. Walker is the designer of
many boats which have made a good
showing In Hawaiian waters. The new
boat is designed on entirely new and orig
inal lines, and Walker's, way of steering
and ballasting will be different from the
other boats LIpton has entered in the in
ternational yacht j races. - Walker was
born in Japan of English parents and has
never been naturalized, so that LIpton
could not object to the design on account
of his nationality.
English Resident, of Honolulu De
signs a Yacht to Compete for
the America's Cup. : ' \
WILL SUBMIT HIS PLANS
TO SIR THOMAS LIPT0N
A runaway accident In Golden Gate
Park yesterday resulted in injuries that
niay possibly cost William Thomson his
left leg. A horse drawing a buggy in
which Thomson and his brother, Charles,
¦were riding suddenly became frightened
and, dashed down the main driveway.
Eoth Jumped from the vehicle and In
striking the ground William suffered a se
rious fracture of the leg above the ankle,
which may necessitate amputation. He
was treated at the Park Hospital and
then removed to the City and County
Hospital. Soon afterward a horse driven
by L. G. Mead ran away In front of the
Seal Rock House at the beach and Mead
was thrown to the ground. He was not
injured and the animal was brought to
a halt by Fred Jackson.
Serious Runaway Accident.
The Woman's Auxiliary of San Fran
cisco Typographical Union No. 21 Is to
hold its first social and dance Monday
evening, October 26, at Union Square Halt
The committee having the arrangements
In hand is sparing no trouble or expense
in an endeavor to make , this entertain
ment a prominent feature of the social
affairs of the year.
Members, of the typographical Union
are also giving valuable assistance toward
perfecting the arrangements.
The following committee haj the affair
in charge: Mrs. James P. Olwell. chair
man; Mrs.' John J. Neeley, secretary;
Mrs. George Barron, Mrs. Grant Munson,
Mrs. John Collins,- Mrs. C. A. Buchanan
and Mrs*. J. P.! Brady.
The officers of the auxiliary are: Presi
dent, Mrs." Li. A. Blckell: vice president,
Mrs. John J. Neeley; recording secretary,
Mrs. George Barron; flnaclal secretary,
Mrs. : Rod Payne; treasurer, Mrs. C. A.
Buchanan; guide, Mrs. , J. P. Brady;
trustees— Mrs. Van Sant, Mrs. L.Schnltzer
and Mrs. Eaves.
Woman's Auxiliary of San Francisco
, Typographical Union Prepares
to Hold Social.
ARRANGING TO GIVE AN
ELABORATE ENTERTAINMENT
BATH, N. Y., Oct. 11.— Five more be
lated automobllists on the endurance run
from Weehawken to Pittsburg reached
Bath to-day. Two of them, Nos. 26 and 27,
arrived at 6 o'clock this morning. They
left an hour and a half later for Buffalo,
expecting to reach there to-night and to
start out with the leaders Monday morn
ing. Nos. 23 and 24 arrived at 3:30 o'clock
this afternoon. -No. 23 went oh to Buffalo,
but No. 24 is delayed on account of a
broken strut rod. The press car arrived
at 2 o'clock with one tire off, and was laid
up several hours for repairs. Nos. 9 and
39, which reached Bath last night, started
for Buffalo at 5 o'clock this morning, and
another car left at 7 o'clock, s
Press Car Reaches There With One
Tire Off and Is Laid Up for
Repairs.
BELATED AUT0M0BILISTS
ARE ARRIVING AT BATH
Weather Report
"It is hoped In Russia that the circum
stances compelling the postponement of
the Czar's visit -^ Rome will soon cease,
enabling his Majesty to make the visit
he so greatly desires."
PARIS, Oct. 12.— The Figaro this morn
ing, publishing from . an "authoritative
source" the statement that the Czar's
visit to Rome has been postponed, adds:
"This decision will not affect the good
relations existing between the courts of
Rome and St. Petersburg. The mere rai«
ing in certain political circles of the ques
tion whether the Czar would be welcomed
suffices to wound Russian susceptibilities.
Czar Nicholas is not afraid of hostile
demonstrations, but he cannot carry out
the plans for his visit while the Socialist
party is discussing its attitude toward a
sovereign who Is not merely visiting a
friendly court, but the whole Italian na
tion.
Russian Susceptibilities Are Wound
ed by the Stand Taken by
Italian Socialists.
CZAR NICHOLAS POSTPONES
PROPOSED VISIT TO ROME
Royal Friend, H. L. Meharry's fast
greyhound, took first honors at the open
stake yesterday at Ingleside Coursing
Park, beating Cloverdale In the deciding
course by a score of 16 to 7. Cloverdale
ruled favorite and at rlip time was a 1 to
2 choice. / •
As the dogs went up the field the odds
looked justifiable, as the dog that the tal
<-nt had placed its money on was out at
the lead a good five lengths. As soon as
they got to work Royal Friend showed his
cleverness and in a mix-up outpointed his
opponent and gained an easy victory.
It was a good day for the talent, though
the occasional short ends came through
at fair odds. Toward the end of the stake
Jerry Wright looked like a winner, but in
a bye with Doreen was taken a route
that put him out of the running. The
dogs were sent after a jack that led them
a chase all over the field. Slipper Ed
Shostag caught the hare as it neared the
slip stand and threw it over the fence.
The hounds had gone a full three minutes
and even with the assistance of four re
lief dogs were forced to let the hare out
foot them. Jerry Wright was a 1 to 4 shot,
but when the flag went up he was out
pointed by the bye dog.
Following are the day's results with
Judge Thomas Tierney's official scores:
t t S rei U, 8tak * < second round— White Buck beat
Lady Pinka 7-4; Wedgewood beat Mike Rice.
1i? : X oung Fear J««» beat Onward Maud, 8-4;
Miss Green beat Cremo. 7-5; Lilly Wright beat
Medley. 8-,; Roy Hughie beat Boots, 5-1; Reta
H btat Renegade Apache, 0-4; Menlo Prince
beat Linda Vista. 13-7; Sofala a bye; Donny
brook beat Meddlesome. 13-1; Draw's Hill boat
Yellow Tall. 3-2; Duhallow beat Queen's Mot
to. C-0; Cloverdale beat Little Lucy 4-0- Belle
Lloyd beat Topsy Turvey. 6-2; Equator beat
Our Myra. 3-2; Luxury beat Odd Eyes 7-3-
Tom Bayers b*at Frank Dunn 5-1: 'False
Alarm beat Flora Belle. 8-5; Little Plunger
b*at Mount Rose. 4-2; Fair Oaks beat Pro
greso, 8-O; Dorothy M beat Irvlnstoa Tra
lee. 4-3: Dear Gas ton beat Miss Shirley 21-10-
Royal Friend beat Hesper. 5-2; Lady Menlo
beat Una. ti-4; Jerry Wright beat Doreen. 3-2:
Lulu Girl beat Roxana. 4-2; Pure Pearl a.
by*'.
Third round— Wedgewood beat White Buck
5-O; Young Fearless beat Miss Green 14-7-
Roy Hughie beat Lilly Wright. 3-0; Reta S
beat Cascade. 4-2; Braw'a Hill beat Donny
brook. 8-6; Cloverdale beat Duhallow, 8-4-
Equator beat Belle Lloyd, 7-0- Luxury beat
Tom Bayers. 12-5; Little Plunger, beat False
Alarm. Fair Oaks beat Dorothy M 4-0;
Royal Friend beat Dear Gaston, 14-0- Jerry
Wright beat Lady Menlo. 6-1; Pure Pea'rt beat
Lulu Girl. 4-2.
Fourth round — Toung Fearless beat TVedge
wood. 4-0; Roy Hughl* beat Reta 8 5-0; So
tala beat Braw's Hill, 5-2; Cloverdale beat
Equator. 4-0; Little Plunger beat Luxury 6-3-
Royal .Friend beat Fair Oaks. 5-4: Jerry
Wright beat Pure Pearl. 4-2. ,
Fifth round— Young Fearless beat Roy
Hughi<\ 9-5; Cloverdale beat Sofala, 4-0; Royal
Friend beat Little Plunger. 7-1; Jerry Wright
a bye.
Sixth round — Cloverdale beat Toung Fear
less. 4-2; Royal Friend a bye.
Deciding course— Royal Friend beat Clover
dale. 16-7.
Clever Courser Outpoints Cloverdale
After Beinf Led Five Lengths
to the Hare.
ROYAL FRIEND WINS THE
INOELSIDE OPEN STAKE
WASHINGTON*. Oct. 11.— The expecta
tion is that Secretary Hitchcock will this
week take up with the President the case
of Judge Isaac T. Stoddard, Secretary of
the Territory of Arizona, against whom
charges have been preferred. The case
aroused a great deal of interest In the
Territory. Stoddard has arrived In the
city for the purpose of seeing Secretary
Hitchcock and the Presidant In his own
behalf. He says the charges can easily
be refuted, as they were made by Irre
sponsible persons. The Judge was ap
pointed Secretary of the Territory from
New York.
ET0DBARD SAYS HE CAN
REFUTE ALL CHARGES
Sport at the Union Coursing Park yes
terday was all that the lovers of cours
ing could wish. The dogs were in good
condition and the hares were strong and
in many Instances gave the dogs a merry
run. Palo Alto came on the field look
ing as fresh and spry as a youngster and
In the first round easily disposed of Amer
ica with a score in his favor of 4 to 0.
The great dog met Haphazard in the sec
ond round and vanquished the son of
Lady Jane by 7 to 2 points. In the third
round Palo Alto 'disposed of Vandal, the
score being 5 to 2. He beat Mickey Free
In the fourth round 7 points to 6, but met
with a mishap during a quick turn, which
necessitated his being withdrawn. Palo
Alto, however, drew third money. Full
Moon won the open stake, beating Sil
ver Cloud 27 to 6 points.
The puppy stake proved to be Interest
ing, and Charter Member and Quito par
ticularly distinguished themselves. The
former won the stake-, wresting the prize
from Quito by a score of S to 3.
Two of the best dams in America were
represented in both finals. Lady Jane
was represented in the open stake by both
the winner and the runner-up. Little
Wonder had the winner and runner-up
in the puppy stake.
The following were the results:
Open stake, first round — Imperious beat Kit
tleman. 10-2; Red Rock beat Ella May. 0-3;
Eagle a bye; Gambit beat Fontenoy, 3-1; Pep
per Hill beat Coeette, 5-3; Balendlne beat Kast
lake, 7-3; Vina a bye; Full Moon beat Miss
Penman, 8-2; Greenhall beat Dartaway, 10-6:
Vandal beat War Eagle, 10-3; Palo Alto beat
America, 4-0: Haphazard beat Free From Flaw,
6-5; Mickey Free beat St. Conn. 7-1; Cubanola
beat Maid of the Glen, 3-2; Snapper Garrison
beat Glaucus, 5-3; Old Ironsides a bye; Liber
ator beat Jingle Belli, 9-1; Fenli beat Agita
tor, 6-2; MI AmU'o beat -Ballroom Belle, 12-;j;
Thelma beat Warco, 8-6; lone Hill beat Mel
rose, 8-3; Silver Cloud beat Master Davenport,
9-2; Tralee Boy a bye; Sempronius beat Wild
Wave, 9-1.
Second round— Red Rock beat Imperious, 8-3;
Gambit beat Eagle. 7-1; Pepper Hill beat Bal
endlne, 5-0; Full Moon beat Vina, 4-0; Vandal
beat Oreenhall, 7-3; Palo Alto beat Haphazard.
7-2; Mickey Free beat Cubanola, 14-1; Old
Ironsides beat Snapper Garrison, 4-1; Liberator
beat Fenii. 0-5; Thelma beat Ml Amlgo, 6-1;
Sliver Cloud beat lone Hill, 5-1; Tralee Boy
beat Sempronius,' 4-3.
Third round — Gambit beat Red Rock, 4-0;
Full Moon b*at Pepper Hill, 6-1; Palo Alto
b*at Vandal. 5-2; Mickey Free beat Old Iron
sides. 7-4; Thelma beat Tralee Boy, 4-3; Silver
Cloud beat Liberator, 4-0.
Fourth round — Full Moon beat Gambit, 4-0;
Palo Alto beat Mickey Free, 7-6; -Silver Cloud
beAt Thelma, G-4.
Fifth round — Palo Alto withdrawn.
Deciding course — Full Moon beat Sliver
Cloud, 27-6.
Puppy etake, first round — Nora Hill beat
Vendome, 17-4; Mellenwood beat Spring Val
lay. 19-16; Ivan Alto beat Confusion, 5-0; Irish
Lad beat Rock a way, 5-4; Quit a. beat Flnoola,
10-1; Rose Tree beat Blue Craig, 6-0; Charter
Member beat Royal Risk, 20-0; Gunpowder
beat Black Swan, 14-9; Concord Trale« beat
Becktive, 62-0; Racing Auto beat My Grafter,
12-1 : Gunfire a bye.
Second round — Mellenwood beat Nora Hill,
7-6; Irish Lad beat Ivan Alto, £-0; Qulta beat
Rose Tree, 17-6; Charter Member beat.Gun
powder, 6-4; Concord Tral»e beat Racing 1 Auto,
9-6; Gunfire a bye.
Third round— Mellenwood beat Irish Lad. 4-3;
Qulta beat Concord Tralee, 4-0; Charter Mem
ber beat Gunfire, 8-1. ,
Fourth round — Qulta beat Mellenwood, 10-0;
Charter Member a bye.
Deciding course— Charter Member beat Qulta
8-3. ¦ - '< ;:-¦>•.'"¦¦¦
Two of America's Host Famous Dams
Are Represented in the
Finals.
GOOD SPORT ENJOYED AT "
UNION COURSING PARK
Doheny first showed signs of insanity
several weeks ago, when he suddenly de
serted the Pittsburg club In' an Ohio city
while laboring under the delusion that he
was being followed by detectives. After
a few weeks' rest at his home here he re
joined the team, but did not regain his
old form. When the season closed Do
heny was a nervous wreck and since
then has been constantly under the care
of a physician.
ANDOVER, Mass., Oct. 11.— After fell
ing his nurse with a terrific blow on the
head with a stove poker, Edward Do
heny. the Pittsburg National League
baseball pitcher, for more than an hour
to-day, armed with the same weapon, held
a score of neighbors and several police
men at bay. Finally he was overpowered
and after an examination by physicians
was adjudged Insane and committed to
the asylum at Danvers.
The nurse, Oberlin Howarth, is seri
ously injured, but it Is believed he will
recover.
Edward Doheny, the Pittshurg Na
tional League Pitcher, Is a
. - Nervous Wreck.
WELL-KNOWN BALLPLAYER
SENT TO INSANE ASYLUM
NEW YORK. Oct. 11.— Midshipman Jose
Paul Kerriera was accidentally shot and
killed by Midshipman Mario HecKsher on
the Brazilian man-of-war Benjamin Con
stant, lying In the North River, to-day.
They were chums, and Hecksher is fran
tic with grief. •
The shooting caused a clash between the
Coroner and the Brazilian Consul. An of
ficer was sent ashore to make arrange
ments for the embalming of th» body,
and the undertaker, who refused to per
form the work, notified Coroner Schwler.
The Coroner hailed a tug, on board cf
which were the Brazilian Consul and sev
eral officers of the Benjamin Constant.
The Consul. demanded to know the Cor
oner's authority for Interfering: with the
affairs of the Brazilian Government. After
considerable wrangling, the Coroner final
ly gained his point, and was permitted to
examine Hecksher, who had been placed
under guard.
CONSUL AND CORONER
CLASH AT NEW YORK
Total 84
Runs at the fall of each wicket — One for 15,
two for 18, three for 43, four for 47. five for 60,
six for SO, seven for 90, eight for 90. nine for
90. ten for 94.
v SUMMARY OF BOWLING.
Bowler. Balls. Runs. Maid's. Wk'ts.
E. H. Wilkes 72 26 2 3
E. Petersen 60 33 1 2
II. B. Richardson.. 56 "i 29 2 »
W. Petherick, b. Richardson 22
F. J. Croll. b. Wilkes 2
F A. Stahl, c. and b. Petersen 12
F. Bennlon, b. Wllkes 4
D. Jamieson, st. Kortlang-, b. Richardson.. 0
W. J. Rtchter. not out 0
Dr. O. N. Taylor, c. Johns, b. Richardson.. 3
Byea 4, leg bye 1, wide 1 8
The San Francisco County Cricket team
again demonstrated its superiority yes
terday, defeating a strong combined
eleven by a large margin on the grounds
at Webster street, Alameda. Th'e San
Francisco County skipper lost the toss
and his team was sent to the bat. Rich
ardson scored 79 runs, while Sloman
broke the bowling, staying at the bat for
an hour and a half for six runs. Eight
bowlers were tried, the most successful
being Dr. O. N. Taylor, who took three
wickets for 23 runs. At 3:20 p. m. the in
nings was called, 176 having been scored
for a loss of seven wickets. Against this
total the combined eleven could compile
only 94 runs, though Bowly, Wilding,
Harold AVard. Petherick and Stahl all
made double figures. Richardson, Peter
sen and Wilkes took all the wickets, the
first capturing five for 29 runs. The full
details follow:
SAN FRANCISCO COUNTY CRICKET CLUB.
E. G. Sloman, b. D. Jamieson 6
H. B. Richardson, c. Croll, b. D. Jamiescn. 7U
E. H. Wilkes. b. D. Jamieson O
E. Petersen. b. H. WarJ : 2
P. R. Johns, c. Bowly, b. ¦ Taylor ". 11
E. J. Stratton, c. and b. Bowly 0
H. Roberto, run out 3
T. J. A. Tledemann, not out 12
J. R. Stewart did not bat
H. Dlxon did not bat
B. Kortlans, not out 25
Bye* 22, leg byes 2, wides 4, no balls 4.... ;>"
\Total for seven wickets 178
Runs at the fall of each wicket — One for 49,
two for SI. three for 59, four for 78, five for
09, six for 145. seven for 155.
SUMMARY OF BOWLING.
Bowler. Balls. Runs. Maid's. W'k'ts.
O. N. Taylor 90 23 4 1
F. Bennlon 48 1« 2 0
H. Ward Jr 00 2S 0 1
E. H. Lannowe 42 13 2 0
W, Pelherlck 30 17 1 0
D. Jamieson C6 ffi '& 3
H. V. Bowly 42 13 1 1
F. Croll 12 2 0 0
COMBINED ELEVEN.
H. D. Bowly. b. Petersen 10
A. w. Wlldlnft, c. and b. Richardson 17
E. H. Lannowe, c. Kortlang, b. Wilkes 1
H. Ward Jr., c. Tledemann, b. Richardson.. 16
Strong Combined Eleven Is Defeated
by a Margin of More Than
Eighty Runs.
SAN FRANCISCO COUNTY
CRICKETERS WTN EASILY
LONDON. Oct. 11.— The influx of small
Investors in consols and home rails last
week failed to neutralize the depressing
influences 1 which prevailed in the Ameri
can and Kaffir departments of the stock
market. The depression in the former
case was owing to the reduced steel cor
poration dividend and the revelations re
garding the United States Shipbuilding
Company, and In the second case to the
troubles at Amsterdam and the reports
that the Scotch banks were squeezing
borrowers. The small purchases In con
sols at the existing low prices were so
numerous as to make quite a record week
In the number of transfers, but in the
other markets buslne'sa was on the small
est scale and the prospects are far from
rt>sy, the Russo-Japanese war being add
ed to other disturbing features.
Business Is Transacted on a Small
Scale and the Prospects Are
Far From Rosy.
LONDON STOCK MARKET
IS BADLY DEPRESSED
HONOLULU. Oct. 5.— Two highway rob
beries committed near Honolulu by a
Chinese on a bicycle, one of them resulting;
In the death of the victim, created almost
a panic among the Japanese of Honolulu
and other plantations last week, but th»
operator rojbber has been landed In Jail
and identlticd. His first victim was shot
In the abdomen and cut about the throat,
but has survived, while the second vic
tim, a Japanese, as was the first, was so
seriously wounded that he died in the
hospital. The robber secured about JtV)
from each Japanese. He was arrested
this afternoon and positively Identified by
the surviving victim, of his robberies*.
Shoots Two Japanese, One of Whom
Dies, and Then Rifles Their
Pockets.
CHINESE HIGHWAYMAN
ARRESTED AT HO2TOI.UI.Tr
The sound steamboat City of Worcester
of the Norwich line, which was supposed
to have struck on the rocks near Execu
tion light late last night, simply an
chored, because a metal pin connected
with the walking beam had broken.
While at anchor temporary repairs were
made and the City of Worcester, under
her own steam, made her way to her
dock In the North River. Captain Row
land attempted to transfer his 175 pas
sengers to the New Hampshire of the
Stonington line, which came up a short
time after the accident, but as the waves
were too high the attempt was aban
doned. More than 150 of the passengers
were sent to New London by train and
those that stood by the broken down boat
proceeded on her to their destination to
night.
NEW YORK, Oct. 11.— The fierce storm
that has been raging along the North At
lantic coast for several days has seri
ously Interfered with shipping, and to
day only four of the ocean liners, all of
which had been greatly delayed, succeed
ed in making port. The four steamships
that arrived reported hurricanes and
mountainous seas. The Monterey of the
Ward line and the Jefferson of the Old
Dominion line came in from the south.
The latter craft was terribly battered by
the storm and, when boarded by a high
wave on Saturday, Richard Mcl^ane, the
lookout,. was seriously Injured, the Rev.
B. Hawley, a clergyman of North Caro
lina, was thrown across the cabin and
killed.
Wave Kills a Passenger on the
Steamship Jefferson.
LINERS REPORT HURRICANES.
The neighbor telephoned to the Central
Emergency Hospital and Brockow was
taken there. Dr. Stevens found that he
had only suffered from shock. The grocer
said he had swallowed the bullet. He
was placed in a ward. He says he wants
to die, anyway, and that the next time
he tries he will raise his sight.
Brockow gave a final gulp, got the bul
let down, spat out the tooth and reached
up to see if his head was still in one
piece. Finding that it was, he looked dis
appointed.
The pain caused by an ulcerated tooth
drove Max Brockow to resolve to end hi"
own existence. The same tooth saved
Brockow's life. He tried to fire a- bullet
Into his head, but the ball struck the
tooth and Instead of entering Brockow's
brain was gulped down by him and near
ly choked him to death before it found lt«
way into his, stomach.
All this chapter of Incidents took place
last night in the rear of a grocery at BOO
Franklin street, owned'! by Brockow. A
nelghobr, hearing the discharge of the re
volver, a 3S-caIlber Colt, ran Into the back
yard of the store -and found the grocer
sitting on a barrel, gasplngr for breath.
Smoke surrounded him and the pistol lay
on the ground tXBide him.
Speaking of the political outlook in this
country the Senator 6aid that he was
certain that President Roosevelt will be
renominated and will be re-elected by a
large majority. Three years ago Senator
Dietrich, who Is president of the German
National Bank of Hastings, was elected
G^ernor of Nebraska, but he resigned
that position to accept the Senatorial
nomination and was elected after the
deadlock In the Legislature of his State.
He expects to remain here only a few
days.
Returning to the subject of the Gov
ernment experimental station Senator
Dietrich remarked that he considered its
maintenance a waste of money and Its
further existence a folly. Continuing he
said:
What Alaska needs most are good wag-on
roads and more railroads. One should be built
between VaJde* and Eagle City on the Yukon
River, where it would penetrate a country rich
not only In minerals, but having a Just claim
to exceptional advantages in an agricultural
way. The commercial bodies on the entire
coast should take up this matter and encourage
some enterprising corporation to undertake the
construction* of the road, for it would be of
great benefit to the people in your State and
those north of California.
WASTE OF MONEY.
1 cleaned this latter information from the
•dentists in charge of the Government experi
mental station at Juneau, which I am sorry to
say during iti career ha« demonstrated nothing
further than had already been known for years
regarding: the agricultural possibilities of, the
Territory. At the station about three and a
half acre* of land have been cleared, and upon
this they have succeeded In crowing- nothing
but the ordinary garden truck. Nothing- has
been accomplished by experiment at the sta
tion to »how that cereals can be made paying
products of Alaska, and I doubt that farming
will ever be a success there for the reasons
stated already by me. Certain kinds of grasses
thrive and cattle-raising will eventually be one
of the Important industries of Alaska, a fact
that has already been realized by a number of
people who are busily engaged in shlpplnc
cattle there. As to Alaska's richness an a min
eral country, no one will dare dispute its
claims in this reepect.
There *r* of courite sections of ths Territory
where almost anything will grow, but the great
difficulty lies in the fact that it costs irom
ftSOO to $2000 an acre to clear the ground of its
timber and the layer of rotten wood and moss
that covers the soil.
COST OF CLEARING.
f United States Senator C. H. Dietrich of
Nebraska and fits daughter, who h&ve
been making an extended tour of Alaska,
arrived in port yesterday or! the United
States cutter Thetis and are registered
at the Palace Hotel. The. Senator and
Miss Dietrich left Seattle'last June for
Alaska, through which they have since
traveled many thousands of miles.
They spent about a month in and
around Dawson and, coming out by way
of the Yukon, they visited b£ Michael
and other points of Interest. Returning
to the coast they boarded the Thetis,
which carried them up the coast to a
point near Point Barrow, which they were
prevented from reaching owing to the
ice. They also visited the DJamede Isl
ands and crossed the straits to the Sibe
rian coast, where the Thetis mado several
stops. In discussing his trip last even
ing the Senator said:
As a member of the Senate Land Committee
I discovered some months ago that we knew
very little about Alaska, and I concluded to
visit the country and see for myself Just what
it amounted to. A careful inspection of the ter
ritory has impressed me with its Importance
as a mineral country, but I have satisfied my
self that It will never be a successful agricul
tural district. /
The most striking scene of the burlesque
is the ''Storm" ballet in the second act.
Over 100 persons take part, ranging from
tiny children to plump womanhood. The
scene is Intended to symbolize, the pass
ing of a thunderstorm on a sunshiny day
and the idea is cleverly and elaborately
worked out with much beauty and grace.
Baby Jessamine, the smallest premier
danseuse in the world, appeared in this
scene and was heartily applauded.
The burlesque "Cleopatra" opened at
the Grand Opera-house at yesterday's
matinee and will hold the boards for the
remainder of the week- The dialogue is
worse than ordinary, but this is atoned
for by the scenery, music and ballets, all
of which are very beautiful.
The three Crane brothers present a
sketch which they call "The Mudtown
Minstrels." Nothing funnier has been
seen at the playhouse In many moons.
"Special announcement" will be a phrase
used all over town. The interlocutor In
troduces great singers and the music does
the rest. The nonsense these clever com
edians hand out would make a sick man
laugh himself into health. "Wallace
Brownlow's barytone voice must be heard
to be appreciated. In full and mellow
tones he rendered sweet melodies and
with dramatic power. He scored a hit.
The Rappo sisters, famous Russian
dancers, are very graceful and their ef
forts were highly appreciated. The Golden
Gate Quartet, assisted by Fanny Wlnfred,
has new songs and changes this week
and is as popular as before. Wood and
Ray present "The Old Jokes'. Home."
The sketch gives Ray a chance to show
his versatility as a comedian. The Pant
zer trio present "A Gymnast's Parlor En
tertainment." The work by the girls is
remarkable. The clown Is also very
funny. Clayton White and Marie Stew
art repeat the success they achieved last
week in the one-act comedy, "Paris."
Miss Stewart is a clever woman and her
imitations and general all-round acting
have won her many admirers In this city.
White also does some good work as
Max the Goat, a ward heeler. A. P. Ros
tow, the world's famous equilibrist, closes
a splendid show.
Colomblno is the bright particular star
In a galaxy at the Orpheum this week.
He Is a marvelous change artist and kept
his audience In a state of wonder by the
rapidity In which he changed his cos
tumes In playing a sketch which called
for the Impersonation of nine characters.
This In itself is well worth seeing, but
he goes one better by caricaturing the
world's famous musicians. The Orpheura's
splendid orchestra furnishes the music
and he leads the men in selections that
have become familiar to all lovers of
music. His take-oft on Mascagni, Sousa
and Creator©, leaders who have been
seen In this city, were extremely funny
and created a great deal of merriment.
There are some catchy songs, which are
fairly well sung. The chorus is well
gowned and some clever dance steps are
thrown Into the general potpourl.
Ed Garvie, the old-time Orpheum fa
vorite and all-round funny man. ap
peared at the California Theater last
night bm Mr. Jolly of Joliet- A packed
house testified to the appreciation with
which he is held by the theater-goers of
the city, who have not yet finished laugh-
Ing at the gags he us£d to perpetrate
when he was .with Peter Daly.
The musical frivolity with which Gar
vie Is starring Is nothing more than tho
stereotyped conglomeration of shuffles,
brassy voiced songs and rough and tum
ble which passes on the circuit nowadays.
It Is sufficient, however, to give Garvie a
chance to use his nail factory voice and
make the people laugh. Miss Mollie
Thompson has a voice though, which, to
quote one of Mr. Jolly's songs, "skins his
a city block." It alone is worth the price
of admission.
Hancock subsequently brought suit In
the Superior Court for the unpaid balance
of the year's salary, amounting to $600,
ar?d obtained Judgment. An appeal was
then taken by the city. Simultaneously
another suit was brought by Miss Mary
A. Polk, a teacher of the High School, on
the same grounds. This case was tried
with the same result and the decision of
the Supreme Court covers both cases.
The main point of the decision is that
contracts entered into with teachers by
one school board must be carried out by
succeeding boards and that salaries must
be paid during the life j of the contract
except In cases where service Is discon
tinued by mutual consent. The Hancock
and Polk cases have been before the
courts for the past -three years.
SANTA BARBARA. Oct. 11.— Word has
Just been received that the State Supreme
Court has decided the case of John O.
Hancock, formerly principal of the Santa
Barbara High School, against the City
Board of Education. The decision Is of
great Interest to all the school boards in
California. Hancock was dismissed by the
Board of Education, which succeeded th"e
High School Board, the latter being legis
lated out of existence. Hancock, who had
served only a few months, declined to ac
cept the order of dismissal, exhibiting a
written contract with the High School
Board to serve during one school year.
The Board of Education repudiated the
contract.
The executive committee was authorized
to make arrangements for a meeting of
the members cf the camps and steps were
taken for active participation In the cam
paign.
Resolutions were unanimously adopted
indorsing the ticket nominated by the Re
publican party and pledging the support
of the camps of the Army and Navy Re
publican league in San Francisco for the
entire ticket.
Enthusiastic speeches were made by
Comrades Salomon. Chamberlain, Hyde,
Wisker. Bandon. Kinney, Blackburn, Hef
fendon, Laux, Parks, Cahen and others.
Hon. A. P. Williams, whose judgment
cf political conditions is the result of long
experience in campaign committee work,
recently told an audience of Republican
business men at the Union League Club
that the race in this campaign was be
tween Crocker and Schmitz. An incident
occurred last night that sustains the
cpinion of Senator Williams. City Attor
ney Lane and Mayor Schmitz were intro
duced In social fashion to a large audi
cr.ee of Germans at Eintracht Hall. The
Mayor got considerable applause, but the
City Attorney received little, other than
that which he bestowed on himself. The
latters early record as a Prohibitionist
tr.ay account in a measure for the lack of
German enthusiasm for his candidacy.
Henry J. Crocker has received assurance
cf the strongest character, that the Ger
man Republicans intend to" stand by his
party ticket in the contest.
A meeting of the representatives of the
several camps of the Army and Navy Re-
I ublican League In San Francisco was
hi'.d yesterday at the headquarters of
i he league. 415 Montgomery street-
It was decided to take an active and
energetic part in the municipal election
and an executive committee was ap
pointed, consisting of J. H. Hilton, chair
man: Solomon Kahn. F. G. WIsker, E.
H. Herri ck, W. J. Ruddick, J. C. Cur
rier and J. A. Whitesides. "W. C. Alber
gr-r was appointed secretary.
He thrrw party principles to the winds
end went out for votes. The failure of
his present rlan to cut away from his
fellow candidates on the Democratic mu
nicipal ticket In order to gain special
privileges ir. the Labor party causes gen
eral merriment along the line. Gavin Mr-
Nab is not without resources In political
emergency, and he may do something to
equare Lane with the other nominees. He
can at least detail a gang of Democratic
job-chasers to organize a union labor
J>ane club, but he will be obliged to let
in Sam Braunhart. Billy Hynes and Oscar
Hocks on the ground floor.
The talk goes that Mayor Schmitz is as
mad as a March hare over what he Is
plervsed to term the unprincipled attitude
of Lane. Mayor Schmitz ought to inves
tigate the campaign methods of several
of his own political henchmen. If stories
current along the line are not wholly
false some of the Schmitz workers in the
half-world are appealing to the most de
praved and degraded members of the hu
man race for political support.
A COOL RECEPTION.
FAILURE OF PLAN.
The Lane fizzle at the Turk-street Tem
ple Saturday night was a significant inci
dent of the campaign. Lane started out
to organize a union labor Lane club, and
r«s not able to bring to the meeting more
than twenty men. Lane's associates on
the Democratic ticket are actually "chort
ling with jf>>" over the fizzle. The fact is
r«-called that Lene went into the guberna
torial tight holding fast to ono office while
seeking another, and cut loose from all
his fellow candidates on the Democratic
ticket to make an individual fight. In
order to catoh Republican votes he turned
his back on I he Democratic platform, and
lauded the policies of President Roose-
The vast attendance at the Alhambra
Theater last Saturday night, together
with the epirlt of loyalty to the Repub
lican cause shown by the audience, re
moved every shadow of doubt regarding
the attitude of the great mase of Repub
lican voters in this campaign. The party
is unite*! and confident of success*.
REPUBLICANS UNITED.
The Colon League of San Francisco has
informed the members of the Republican
campaign committee that It desires to
conduct one meeting under the auspices
of the club. There is talk of engaging the
Mechanics' Pavilion for one evening this
rnonth for the rally. Ten-minute speeches
will be the rule, and ten or twelve speak
er* representing workirgmen and business
men will deliver addresses.
The greeting given to Henry J. Crocker
attained the force and character of a
grf>at popular ovation. He was hailed by
thousands as the next Mayor of San
Francisco. The "hall was not half large
enough to accommodate all the citizens
that went to Jones and Eddy streets to
st-«» and hear Henry J. Crocker and his
ai-sociates on the ticket. Hundreds went
away, seeing that even standing room in
sid«; was taken.
Th* magnitude of the Republican dem
onstration last Saturday night was the
leading topic of comment in the city yes
ttrday. The Democrats had a good meet
ing last Wednesday evening:, the audience
being a little larger than that which as
sembled early In the campaign to ratify
the nominations of the Union Labor
party. The Republican meeting, how
ever, in point of attendance and enthu
siasm outclassed all other political dem
orstrations cf the present campaign.
Referee Middleton repeatedly warned
the Spanish players against rough tactics
during the game, but evidently to no ac
count.
David Schloss, right tackle, was woe
fully mawled, and as a resu-- had his
collarbone fractured. Then in quick order
Frank Soule, right half, received a whiz
zing blow on the nose, and It was evident
at once that he was suffering much pain.
An examination showed that his nose had
been broken. Harry Stone, captain of the
team, also fell a victim to the rough play.
He suffered a broken leg, and In spite of
the pain he continued playing for several
seconds after he received the serious In
jury- The three maimed were taken to the
Presidio hospital, and later Schloss was
conveyed to the Park Emergency Hos
pital.
There was a game played at the Pre
sidio Athletic Grounds yesterday after
noon between the Arlington football club,
composed of members' of the First Bat
talion of Artillery. N. G. C, and La Union
club, which is made up of Spaniards w,ho
reside In San Francisco.
From the very beginning the Spaniards
¦were In a condition of physical and men
tal determination that the game should
go to them. With an enthusiasm that
hinged on ferocious excitement the game
was played with rough-and-tumble tactics
that would put in the shade those em
ployed at a bullfight.
There were only three men of the Ar
lington club laid low, and the only won
der is that there were not more. Their
injuries were such as to necessitate sur
gical aid, and for some weeks two at least
of the three will keep their beds under
medical care.
When Spanish and American football
devotees meet in friendly rivalry on the
field of sport it would be well, judging
from a game played on the outskirts of
the city yesterday, to have a corps of sur
geons and a half-dozen ambulances on the
spot.
LONDON, Oct. 11.— Ths Interesting an
nouncement la mad© to-night that the
new Marquis of Salisbury (late Viscount
Cranborne) will enter the Cabinet as Lord
of the Privy Seal, the office held by his
father until his retirement last year,
when Balfour assumed the post, without
taking the salary of 110,000 especially at
tached to it when the late Marquis of
Salisbury took the position.
The Cabinet now consists of nineteen
members. News of the appointment of
Lieutenant Colonel William Bromley-
Davenport, M. P., as financial secretary
to the War Office cabled yesterday. Is
confirmed and the following additional
minor appointments have been made:
Secretary to the Admiralty— Ernest Q.
Pretyman.
Civil Lord to the Admiralty— Major Ar
thur H. Lee. M. P.
Junior Lord of the Treasury— Lord Bal
carres. M. P.
Treasurer of the Household — The Mar
quis of Hamilton.
The new Civil Lord of the Admiralty,
Major Lee, was British military attache
with the United States army in the Span
ish-American war and military attache
to the British embassy in Washington in
1*99-1900. He was Parliamentary private
secretary to H. Arnold Forster, Secretary
of the Admiralty. In 1301. -
Candidacy of Lane Fails to
Enlist the Support of
Voters.
Thinks Government Ought to
Abolish Its Station at
Juneau.
Swallow3 Missive Intended
to End Life and Goes
to Hospital.
Collar Bone, Leg and Nose
Fractured During the
Rushes. .
Employes' Salaries Must Be
Paid During Life of
Contract.
Orpheum'e Galaxy of Stars
Furnishes Amusement of
Finest Sort.
Premier Balfour Announces
a Number of Minor"
Selections.
Max Brockow's Attei&pt
at Suicide Ends in
Failure.
Old-Time Comedian Ap
pears at California in
Merry Show.
Marquis Is Appointed
Lord of the Privy
Seal.
Supreme Justices Decide
Santa Barbara School '
Case.
Senator Dietrich Says
Money Is Wasted in
Experiments.
Spanish and American
Teams Hold Wild
Contest.
Republicans Are Active
• and Confident of
Success.
FOOTBALL GAME
LAYS THREE LOW
TOOTH ARRESTS
BULLET'S COURSE
CROCKER LEADS
IN THE CONTEST
GARVIE GIVES
AUDIENCE JOY
COURT SUSTAINS
TEACHER'S CLAIM
SALISBURY GETS
CABINET PLACE
FARMING FAILS
IN FAR ALASKA
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Oct. 11. 8p. ra.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
data as compared with those of same data last
season and rainfall in last twenty- four hours:
Last This Last
Stations — 24 hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.00 3.17 • 0.44
Red Bluff 0.00 0.44 Trace.
Sacramento 0.00 0.12 Trace..
San Francisco 0.00 0.17 Trace.
Fresno 0.00 0.00 Trace.
Independence 0.00 Trace. 0.80
San Luis Oblepo 0.00 0.02 Trace.
Los Angeles 0.00 0.43 Trace.
8an Diego O.OO 0.06 0.02
~" THE COAST RECORD. "
" c K K O 2 •»
. Ill !
STATION. S S§ S3 g, § • »
• ? c c : : g
• 33: : :
Baker 30.40 88 42 NB Pt.Cldr .00
Carson 30.2S B2 28 NE Clear .00
Eureka 30.20 OS CO N Clear .00
Farallon 30.02 60 00 NW Clear .01
Fresno 30.00 74 52 8 Clear .00
Flagstaff 29.03 60 SO NE Clear .00
Independence 30.06 74 00 NW Clear. .00
Los Angeles.. 20. *4 82 04 W Clear .00
Mt Tamalpal«.30.00 68 SO N Clear .00
North Head... 30. 34 04 02 SB Cloudy .14
Phoenix 20. 7S 83 56 SW Clear .00
Pocatello, Ida.30.2S 00 — SW Clear .00
Portland 30.3* 62 04 SW Cloudy .00
Point Reyes... 20. OS 62 02 N Clear .00
Red Bluff 30.04 82 54 N Clear .00
Roseburg 30.28 70 46 N Clear .00
Sacramento ..20. OS 80 04 N Clear .00
Salt Lake.... .SO. 24 OS 40 NW Clear .04
San Franclsco.30.O2 72 OS W Clear .00
S. L. Oblspo..29.02 80 06 N Clear .00
San Diego.... 20. 84 72 06 NW Clear .00
Seattle 30.26 60 50 S Cloudy .22
Spokane 30.34- 06 4« 8 Cloudy .CO
Tatoosh 30.22 06 00 S Rain .51
Walla Walla. '.30.32 04 00 S Pt.Cldyl.O*
Wlnnemucca .30.32 <!2 36 N CJoudy .00
Tuma 29. 7S 00 60 N Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Generally cloudy weather prevails over Wash
ington and fair weather in other districts west
of the Rocky Mountains. Light rain is reported
from Washington and Western Montana.
The, pressure has risen over the Pacific Slope
except over Southern Arizona and California,
where there *a* been a sharp fall.
The temperature has risen In the Sacramento
Valley and Southern Oregon and remained
nearly stationary in other districts.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. October 12:
' Northern California — Fair Monday; warmer
in the San Joaquln Valley; light northerly wind.
Southern California— Fair Monday; Hgtt
northerly wind. .
Nevada— Fair Monday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Monday:
fresh northwest wind. O. H. WILLSON. ¦
Local Forecaster. ¦
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1903.
4
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
SCOURING YOUB SCALP.
Will Remove the Loose Dandruff
Scales, but It Won't Cure Dandruff.
If your hair is brittle and thinning, you h«v»
dandruff. Th« mere scouring' of the scalD of
the loose scales won't cure dandruff; because
dandruff is nothing but scales of scalp being
thrown up by a pestiferous little germ In bur-
rowing its war to the root of the hair. wh<*r»
it saps the. vitality, causing falling hair and.
In time, baldness. Now you can't stop dan-
druff nor falling; bair. nor prevent bahtaesa
unless you destroy that Rerm; and the only
preparation that can do it is the new scien-
tific discovery. Newbro 1 * Herpicide. In fact
no oth«r hair preparation claims to kill the
dandruff germ — all of them will clean th«
scalp: soaD and water will do that, but on!y
Newbro's Herpidde gets at the root of th»
trouble and kills th« dandruff germ. Sold *>y
leading druggists. Send 10c In stamps for
•ample to The Herpicide Co.. Detroit. Mich.
CASTOR i A
For Infants and Children. ;>.- i;
The Kind You Hare Always Bought
Bears tho Sjj? Slf/p-*--^
Signature of f<&£/U/b£
fcr Sore*. Rums, Pralds, /
yle*rs, KlDgworm, Tetter, J^ f /'a
EryaipelaJ, Sculd Head, • // /
Itch. VlmplM, Ittotcbes, JL I
Inflamed Eyelids, ltcb- >^ 7J" f
lngPUe«,mmtaildkla V\ >. I
Eruptions— use JF \ y < J
HEISKELL'S
Ointment \
They all yield to iti magical inflame*. Batha
the affected part.usin* llniifir$ Soap, night
and mommg 1 . apply HeisktU's Ointment, and
earefoUowtlnafmtay*. AtalldrasrmsSOa.
Send for free bock of testimonial*. ir
-JOHNSTON, HO'.LOWAV A CO.
«.«! Cferee St^ P*na4«l»»U.
POLITICAL CARDS.
For
Mayor
HENRY J. CROCKER
Republican
Nominee
| For Public Administrator |_
'William E. Lutz
~ | Republican Nominee |
For Tax Collector
Ed ward J.
SMITH
(INCUMBENT.)
Regular Republican NomineeNationals • 9 12 0
Americans 5 10 8
Batteries— Brown and Ryan: Pelty and Shan
non. . . .
ST. LOUTS, Oct. 11.— In the final game
of the post-season series between the St.
Louis Americans and the' St. Louis Na
tionals the Nationals won by the score
of 9 to 5. Brown's pitching was the fea
ture of the game. The Nationals outhit
and outfielded the Americans. Attendance
5600. Score: tV.-.
R. H. B.
First game — R. H. E.
Cincinnati 7 13 . 6
Cleveland 6 10 4
Batteries — Suthoff. Harper and Schlel;
Rhoades and Abbott.
Second game — R. H. E.
Cincinnati 1 7 1
Cleveland 3 7 2
Batteries — Reagan and Schlel: Donohue and
Bemls.
The spectators lighted their score cards
and held them up and swarmed on the
field so Umpire Hurst would call the
game. He absolutely refused, and the
policemen pushed the crowd back and
the game proceeded to the eighth and
ninth innings, In which Cleveland got all
their runs. Attendance 5700. Score: t
CINCINNATI, Oct. ll.-The Cleveland
American League club won the series
from the Cincinnati National League club
to-day by taking the Becond game of the
double-header, making It stand six to four
for the Ohio championship. Reagan was a
puzzle up to the eighth Inning in the sec
ond game. It was so dark after the sev
enth Inning: that the players could hardly
see the ball.
Spectators Try to Illuminate Ball
Ground at Cincinnati.
LIGHT THEIR SCORE CARDS.
Special Dispatch to The Call
TACOMA, Wash., Oct. 11.— Four Klon
dike miners who- thawed sticks of dy
namite on a stove while cooking break
fast will not repeat their experiment very
soon. Elmer Crawford and three other
miners on Lovett Gulch tried this method
of saving time. The dynamite exploded,
badly injuring Crawford and slightly in
juring one other. The cabin was com
pletely wrecked and the men were hurled
out. One of Crawford's legs was lacer
ated In three places, twenty-five stitches
being necessary in sewing his wounds.
A dispatch from Dawson states that
the Upper Yukon steamer Mary Graff
was wrecked near Salmon lwiver early last
week. She was one of the largest steam
ers belonging to the White Pass Railway
and was hurrying down stream with a
full cargo from White Horse for Dawson.
She was beached to saVe her from sink
ing. It is doubtful if her cargo can be
landed at Dawson before navigation ends.
She carried no passengers.
ENTRIES AT LOS ANGELES.
Fox Lake Regarded Certain "Winner
" of Jonathan Cluh Stake.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 11.— The Jonathan
Club stake is the feature of the racing at
Agricultural Park to-morrow. Fox Lake
is being touted as a certainty for the
event. The entries are as follows:
First race, selllntt, six furlongs— Respirator,
Billy Moore, El Pilar, Red Tip, Intro, Cherries,
Loyal S, Louwelsea. all 107 oounds.
Second race, six furlongs— Nona B 114, Ma
relio 114, The Miller 114, Emathlon 107, Frank
Pierce 114, Adnor 114, AuRie 107, Teuful 114.
Third race, five and a half furlongs, Jona
than Club stakes— Montera 100. Potrcro Grande
106, Sol Smith 103. Eugenia B 107, Fox Lake
107, San FrancisQulta 100. Annie Marie 112,
Pat Bulger 110. Dr. Rowell 110. Flea 100, Eva
D 100, Miss May Bowdish 100.
Fourth race, one and a sixteenth miles, sell
ing Homage 102. Invictus 102, Searcher 113,
Cambaceres 10U. ¦* ¦
Fifth rp.ee, five furipnes, sellingr— Barbara
114 The Devil 114, Eatado 119. Botany 119,
Rei'na del Celia 110, Urbano 100, Honduran
114 Penance 109, Martin Brady 109, Norwalk
112. Bicycle 108.
Sixth race, seven furlonm— Myrtle H 104,
Wachusett 104, Tlrona 107, Grail 104, Dollle
¦Welthoff 109. The Toiler 102.
George Cochran is coming here with five
Jumpers, Indian among the lot. Lester
Reiff has a string of five horses at the
track. The auburn-haired young man has
retired from the saddle, devoting his time
now to training. Jockey Waterbury Is
here and will do the riding for the Bald
win stable. Steeplechase rider Al Stan
ford has twelve two-year-olds at the
track from the, Santa Anita ranch, among
others a good-looking brother to La Go
llta.
SEATTLE TWICE VICTORIOUS.
Casey's Bad Luck Loses Game in
Tenth Inning.
SEATTLE. "Wash.. Oct. 11.— Seattle took
both games of a double-header to-day. Sac
ramento had the first game one to nothing and
two men out in the ninth. With Lumley on
third Brashear popped up an infield fly. Casey
ptood under it and Just as it was about to
touch his hands his feet slipped from under
him and the ball fell safe. Sacramento made
one in the tenth, and then Lumley came up
with two men on bases, two out and two
strikes on him, and pushed out a two-bagger,
winning the game. The second game was a
walkaway for Seattle and was called after the
first half of tha sixth inning. Score:
First game — R. II. E.
Seattle 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 12—3 6 2
BacramentO ....0 01000000 1 — 2 8 2
Batteries— St. Vrain, Barber and Byers;
Keefe pnd Graham-
Second game — , It. H. E.
Seattle 0 3 2 2 0 x— 7 10 1
Sacramento ....100 100-2 4 2
Batteries — Barber and Byers, Knell end ' Ho
can. Umpire — O'Connell.
Four Persons Killed in a Blot.
MADRID, Oct. 11.— A Socialist demon
stration of 20,000 workmen took place
at. Bilbao, during which a serious colll
gion occurred with th/s clericals. Four
persons were killed and twenty-nine in
jured. -. -
Klondike Miners Thaw
an Explosive at
Breakfast.
Prepares Fielding List
Showing How League
Players Stand.
DYNAMITE LIFTS
MEN AND CABIN
morning in 27 4-3 seconds at Ag
ricultural Park. She was hitched to a
light road wagon and unpaced. This is
the fastest time ever made in California,
and has probably never been equaled in
the world under similar conditions. The
SAN JOSE, Oct. 11.— Alone, a five
year-old pacer owned by T. W.
Barstow of this city, paced a
quarter of a mile yesterday
PULLIAM GIVES
THE PERCENTAGES
best previous record for a paced quar
ter In California was held by Little Di
rect, which made the oistance in 28 sec
onds. The track was not in the best of
condition for Alone. Four experienced
timekeepers held watches.
Alone ifi by Nearest (2:22^), a full
brother to John A. McKerron. Her dam
is Christmas Hamilton. As a four-year
old Alone has a record of 2:0914, and this
year paced a half mile In i5ZPfc. \
SELECTIONS FOR WORTH.
By the Chicago Inter Ocean.
First race— Alma Dufour, Cypri
enne, My Gem.
Second race — Incubator, Sir Hugh,
Sir Launcelot.
Third race — Our Bessie, By Ways,
Postmaster Wright.
Fourth race — Our Bessie, By Ways,
Major Tenny.
Fifth race— King Ellsworth, J. P.
Mayberry, Myron Dale.
Sixth race— Thane, Bard of Avon,
Charlie Thompson.
ST. LOUIS ENTRIES.
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 11.— Entries:
First race, four furlongs, maiden two-year
olds, fllllee, purse — Falcon's Pearl 112. Ora Z
112, Debbi* May 112. Pure Favor 112, Alice
Morgan 112. Bettie Deceiver 112, Nellie Crom
v.ell 112. Pilgrim Girl 112, Polly Hill 112, Ma
bel Reed 112, Kitty Harlan 112, Hoofbeat 112,
Serenity 112. Zama 112, Amberita 112.
8<cond race. Fix furlongs, selling, three-year
olds a.mi up — Nina Fly 97. Sting 100, Silver
Flush l<>0. Tempt 105, Submarine 100, Axares
1OS, Optimo 100, True Blue 100, Miss Guido
100, Kiss Quick 105. Lady Chariot 97. Hemlock
102. The Gatto 97. The Four Hundred — , Dan
iel 106.
Third race, five and a half furlongs, two
year-olds, pnrse — Atlas 111, Toupee 103, Frank
Collins 103, Hugh McGowan 103, Sadie Burch
107, Folies Bergeres 103. Bill Knight 111,
Rhyme and Reason 107, Lady Free Knight 111,
Lord Hermence 110, Lora J 103, Ben Adklns
111. Orient 103.
Fourth race, one mile and seventy yards,
three-year-olds and up, purse — Second Mate
103 Dan McKenna 103. Aladdin 107, Monsieur
Braucalre 103. Llndenella 104.
Fifth race, one mile, selling, three-year-olds
and up— Amentum 109, Virgie d'Or 114, Olo
netz 105. Quiet 103. Leenja 104, Rossfame 112,
Ptkaber 03, Pyrrho 109, Blue Grass Girl 100,
Captain Galne* 112, Behoove 105, Cogswell 104,
Harold Parker 98.
Sixth race, seven furlongs, selling, three
year-olds and up— Captain Gaston 107. Dave
Semmcrs 100. Athelroy 107, Pettljohn 97, Ben
gal 100. Hetzel 109. Nearest 107, King Rose
104, Tom Crabb 105, John Yerkes 105.
ST. LOUIS SELECTIONS.
By the New York Telegraph.
First race — Amberita, Pilgrim
Girl, Nellie Cromwell.
Second race— Tempt, Lady Chariot,
The Four Hundred.
Third race — Orient, Folies Ber
geres, Ben Adkins.
Fourth race— Dan McKenna, Mon
sieur Beaucaire, Aladdin.
Fiftli race— Leenja, Cogswell, Cap
tain Games.
Sixth race— Bengal, Dave Som
mers, John Yerkes.
Sixth race, one mile, selling — Omdurman 108,
Ivernia 105 Bard of Avon 105. Nellie. Bawn
105, Federal 102. Attila 102. Benson Caldwell
102 Dutch Carter 102. Charlie Thompson 100,
Alee 1(0, Louisville 100, Major DIxon 97. Paul
Whaley 97 Thane 07.
Fifth race, six furlongs — J. P. Mayberry 115,
Foresight 110. Myron Dale 110. Enverite 105.
Black W.->lf 105. Mayor David S. Rose 105.
Clanger 105, Wigwam 105, King Ellsworth 1C3,
Establish 102.
Fourth rare, one mile and seventy yards,
handicap— Nitrate 103, Fading Light £5, Our
Be?sie 1"2. Fairbury 102. By Ways 102, Wltful
3tf2. Major Tenny 97. lluzzah 95. Sidney C
Love S."». <Nitrate and Fading Light. Durnell
entry; By Ways, Witful and Major Tenny,
Hildreth's entry; Huzzah and Sidney C. Love,
Arthur"* entry.)
Fourth race, tix furlongs. Ripple handicap —
Teewater 102. AMarlta 111. W. R. Condon 103.
Bad News 100. Qux Casta 115. Himself 102. II
lyrla 95. Rostand" Ul, Sheriff Bell 104. Hermis
140. Young Henry 12a. Stamping Ground 114.
Fifth race, one and a quarter miles — Moon
Daisy 105. Rough Rider 108. Wyefleld 105, Gold
Bell 100. Ethics 103. The Regent 10S, Early
Eve 05. Sheriff Bell 105. Lady Potentate 103.
Warranted 113.
Sixth race, six furlongs — The Loop 108, Lady
Knighthood 1O8. ("herry Song 10S. Widow's Mite
10R. Rathbrtde KiS. Mary Shanks 1OS. Double
Shuffle 108, Opparaore 10S. Prairie Flower 100.
Bolina 1CS. (Jueen Elizabeth 108. Effie Sheppard
K* Trespass 10S. Sabet 108. Margaret Kent
10^ Salora ins. Love Note 10R., Hymetus 10S.
Sweet Jane 108. Nine Ppot 10?.
BRIGHTON SELECTIONS.
By the New York -.Telegraph.
First race — Graceful, Monastic,
Riverdale.
Second race — No selections.
Third race — Daisy Green, Wild
Pirate, Gaviota.
Fourth race — Astarita, Thomas en
try, Illyria.
Fifth race — Sheriff Bell, Early
Eve, Lady Potentate.
Sixth race — Hymetus, Love Note,
Many Thanks.
WORTH ENTRIES.
CHICAGO. Oct. 11.— Entries:
First race, five and a half furlongs — Cyp
rienne 312. Alma Dufour 112. Tokalon 107.
Balger Girl 104. My Gem 100. Tapiola 100.
Wistaria 100.
Second race. nix furlongs — I Know 122,
Naboklifh 115, Nervator 111. Incubator 111.
Fir Launrelot W, Sir Hugh 108 Topsoil 10S,
The Hebrew 1CS. Jet 10K, Ryevale 05.
Third race, one and a sixteenth miles — By
Ways 10, r i. Our Bessie 105, Coruscate 105. Tan
cred I'il. Springhead 103. The Don 103. Henry
McDaniel 103, Postmaster Wright 10.1, Alfredo
103.
NEW YORK, Oct. 11.— Entries:
Firet race, six furlongs — Eagle 102. Monastic
122. Lida Leib 108, Sonoma Belle 99, Graceful
102, Rlverdale 102. Ganrevort 102. Pol Roger
102. Raider 99. St. Jolly 102. Prince Vic 99.
Golden Mineral !<¦¦.•. Sais 102, LJttle Em 9$,
W'otan 322, Tithonlc 102, Gypsy Ben 99, Flag
Officer 3 0*. Palette 108. Topic 112.
Second race, about two miles, steeplechase —
Valdei 166. Steplightly 153, Judge Phillips 153.
Barcn Pepper 150. Amur 145, Enripht 142. Ma
nllian 13a, Pcrion 132. Gasear 130. Somerset
132. Gum Honey 139, Good and Plenty 153.
Third race, one and a sixteenth miles — Daisy
Green 97. Bar le Due 103. Star and Garter 92,
Anklet P7. Rocky 103. Louise Elston 102. Ethics
103. Monograph 110. Nevermore 95. Hyland 105.
Lord Advocate 109. Gaviota 92. Bob Hilllard 90,
Lady Pctentate 105. Wild Pirate 10J. Ella Sny
der 01, Setauket &S.
The Autumn steeplechase and the Pro
duce stakes are both to be decided on
Saturday. The Brighton Cup is to be run
on Tuesday, Octobf r 20.
• BRIGHTON ENTRIES.
Lovers of long-distance racing will have
a good chance to show their enthusiasm
on Tuesday, when the Brighton Cup Pre
liminary, at a mile and a half, will be
one of the features of the day. Kermis,
Blues, Igniter, Major Dalngerfleld. Sambo,
His Eminence, Ilipdon and Andy Williams
are to engage in this race.
NEW YORK, Oct. 11.— In spite of a
somewhat discouraging outlook on ac
count of the unprecedented rainfall of
Friday and Saturday, some excellent rac
ing will be seen at Brighton Beach race
course during the twelve days of the
autumn meeting there.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PORTLAND. Or.. Oct. II.— Portland took a
double-header from Oakland this afternoon,
both Kumf-r being won by terrific batting. Gra
• ham wa» batted all over the field In the nrst
Kaine. and. bf*id«-s. g»v* wven bases on balls.
&!<<Farlan held Oakland down to four blta
and hi* support wa» rood.
In the t<»cond came Devereux was not only
bit hard but received poor support, while
Hhieldis kejit his hits scattered and struck out
semen men. The second eame. was called at
th<? done of the first half of the seventh in
ulnff on account of darkness. Attendance.
&MO. Score :
Firfct tf :•;•• — n H E
Portland 2 4 3 110 11 x—Vi 17* 2
Oakland (I (I ft 1 (I 0 1 0 O— 2 5 2
, Uatwricji— MrFarlan and Anderaon; Gra
/i>«m and Gorton.
"^^ Second came — RUE
Portland 0 O 3 1 O O x 4 10* 3
Oakland O o j o o o y — 17 2
;- natterie^Khields and Shea: Devereux and
Lobmun. l'r.:,iri — Levy.
OAKLAND LOSES TWO GAMES.
Terrific Batting Insures 3>ouble Vic
tory for Portland.
The Angels won out during the ninth In
ning of the morning game at Oakland.
\'p to that time the home sluggers had
them tucked away safely, but they fell
down at the last minute and lost the
came— 5 to 4. It was 4 to 3 In favor of San
Francisco when Hoy hit safely In the
ninth. Smith walked an£ Dillon singled,
filling tip the bas^s. Then Cutter hit Cra
.vath, forcing In Hoy and tying the score.
Ross flew out to left field and Smith beat
the throw to the plate, ending the game.
The score:
Pan Francisco — j Los Anrele* —
AB. R. IL P. A. AB. R. H. P. A.
Fhay.f... 3 112 2;Hoy.cf... 5 1110
Mnar.y.rf 4 0 2 3 0 Ppie*,lb. 3 1 O 13 1
"T^ahy.c. 4 13 5 <>; Kmith.:?b S 2 1 O 4 !
Krujr.cf.. 3 0 0 3 «i'PIllon.2b 3 1 13 C
PabsUlb. 4 0 2 6 0:<.Yvth.rT. 4 0 1 S 0
I>ynch.lf. 4 0 12 O' UoM.lf. . 5 0 2 0 0
r>!m*,2b 4 O O 0 1' Toman.*. 4 0 0 2 2
nymd.rib 4 O O 5 2 Ea«rar.c. 4 0 0 2 1
~r\itter.p. 3 2 10 3HaJl.p... 4 0 112
Totals 33 4 10»2C fi! Total* 37 5 7 27 16
"Two out when winning run was scored.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Francisco 0 0 10 2 0 0 1 0—4
l$a*<» hit* 2 1 J 13 0 0 2 0—10
Los Ancles 2 ©001000 2 — ft
Base hit* 1 0 0 0 1 111 2 — 7
SUMMARY.
liner*— Shay. Krag. Eagar. Pab«>t. Ray
mond. Cutter. Two-base hits — Cutter. Leahy.
FmJth. Sacrifice hit*— Shay. Kru». Flret base
on orrer— Kan Francisco I. Flrse baee on '
.-•lied b»l'i~ Off < 'utter 4, off Hall 1. Left on
Law* — Han Francisco ft. Ijcm Aniirele* 11. Struck
r.ui— Uy Cktttar 3. by Hall 1. Hit by pitcher—
< ravatn. Double play — Toman to Dillon to
Hples. Wild pitch— Hall. Time of game — One
hour and 45 minutes. Umpire — McDonald.
Angels Win in the Ninth.
Kasfball is a <juwr gamt, and no one
<ar. tell how a contest Is goins to finish.
".'h;s was shown yesterday, when the Na
11VP5 headed the Angels at the start and
hold the lead all the way. When the time
< air/ to call it off the home team had
, accumulated four against three for the
southerners, and this one tally not only
cave them the game, but the series. They
t-hould have captured the morning game
.also, but the winning combination was
broken up in the last round, and so the
Angels get away with the glory— 5 to 4.
"Pewee" LJndsey committed another
heroic Btunt when he- beat the giants at
Recreation Park— the third one that he
has piled up this week. He hurled his
Jeft wing aguinst that of the great Doc
Newton, and the latter was found want
ing wijere the little lad was the goods. ' I
SOUTHPAW INVTJXNERABLE.
Inning after inning: went by, and etill
the Ar.gels could not solve the offerings
of th© tiny southpaw. The crowds in the
Et&n<!s and the multitude in the bleachers
yell«d Ilka mad, and their shouts seemed
to encourage the tiny one, for the longer
he pitched the better he became.
In the first Inning Danny Bhay brought
homo a run for Uncle. He worked the
medical left-winder for a pass to first.
end iteany advanced him on an out. Ger
many Krug responded with a dazzler to
center, and Danny trotted to the rubber.
But the Angels also came through In their
half of the *ame round. Two were gone
when big Smith hit for two bags, and the
fans had not got over the shock ere Cap
r>illon Boused the. ball to right field and
Pmith scooted home.
The third round produced one more bun.
die o* joy for the home crowd. Shay
worked another base on balls and then
Etole second. While Newton was prepar
ing to unwind himself to deliver a curve
Danny pilfered third, and the fanatics
screeched and yelled for a fare-ye-well.
Meany rapped the leather into Toman's
Urrttory. and while the little fellow was
tielding the ball to first Shay arrived with
the run.
SEVENTH IS EVENTFUL.
It wa t a deadlock again in the same
round. Cravath led off with a two-cush
ioncr to right. Lindsey tried to catch him
Bleeping off the bag and threw the ball
wide. This advanced the runner to sec
ond. Toman laid down a bunt and Cra
• dashed fc«r the plate, and was there
while the runner was being fielded out.
But the bij stunt came off in the sev
enth. Lynch led off with a nice single.
\ nnd Delmas bunted. Newton booted the
li&ll and both runners were safe. Then
Raymond sacrificed them up a notch.
I-indsey went out, Toman to Spies, but
while the play wa«< boing made Lynch
.scored. Shay practically won the game
t&ea and there when he lined out a peach
to center, bringing in Delmas with the
last run for I.'ncle.
The Angels got one more In their half
«*f the seventh, but they quit there and
were through for the day. They made
many and depperate efforts to tie up the
'result in the last two rounds, but L'ndsoy
was in the way all the time, and they
could not hit him when a hit meant a
.Tun and a tie. The score:
San Francisco. i Los Anccles
AC R. H. P. A. | AC. R.H. P. A.
Sfisy.rb. 3 2 14 3 Hoy.cf... ."} 0 0 .1 0
M«any.rf 4 0 O 1 o Spies.lb. 3 0 f» 11 0
J-^ahy.c. 3 0 0 4 0 Hmlth..1b 4 1111
KruF.Cf. 3 ft 2 3 O Dillon, 2b 4 0 111
PnV^Mb. 4 ft O 11 l Oavth.rf 4 1-220
T.yr.^h.lf 4 1 1 O l f'orb^t.lf 4 0 0 2 1
I>olm*.Cb 2 112 1 Toman,i 2 114 4
Ilaymd.s 3 0 112 Kag&r.c. 4 0 0 3 0
Lindsy.p 4 0 0 1 3 Xewtn.p' 3 0 10 1
Totals 30 4 6 27 11 ' Totals 31 3 6 27 S
y RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
•Fan franeisco 1 0 10 0 0 2 0 0 — t
Ba*e hits 1 0 1 1 0 0 2 0 1 — 6
Los Anr«"!«>« 1 0010010 0 — 3
• Base hits 2 1 0 1 0 0 1 0 1—3
SUMMARY. ¦
gtolen bases — Shay (3). Errors — Shay,
Lyr.eh. Llndscy (2). Newton. Two-bafie hits —
Fmtth, OravEth. Newtiiri. Sacrifice hits — To
man. Delma*. Raymond. First base on errors
— 6an FranciRco 1. Loe Angeles 1. First base
oa callPd ba.!!s — Oft Undsey 5, off Newton 4.
I^ft on bast* — San Francicco 6 Los Angeles
4. Ftruck out — By Llndspy 4, by Newton 3.
Dottb'ie r'ay — Pabst (unassisted). Time of
Fame — 1 :45. Umpire — McDonald.
Natives Collapse During the
Last Round. of Morning
Contest.
Crack Long-Distance Equines
Will Contest in tha
Star Events.
?
Outpitches Newton in a
Game Full of Lively
Play.
Some Excellent Racing
Is Promised Lovers
of the Sport.
LINDSEY FOOLS
ANGELS AGAIN
HOHSEMEN MOVE
ON TO BRIGHTON
Five-Year-Old, Owned by T. W. Barstow of San
Jose, Shows Surprising Form at Agricultural
Park With a Light Wagon and Only a Fair Track
SPEEDY ALONE MAKES A RECORD
IN SWIFT QUARTER-MILE PACING
BASEBALL, RUNNING AND TROTTING TURF EVENTS, GUNNERY, TENNIS AND AQUATIC SPORTS
CROWDS WITNESS
GAMES ON WATER
HANDICAP TENNIS
TOURNEY AT PARK
SPLENDID SCORES
AT SHELL MOUND
Carsten Luhrs Crooned
King for His Marks-
Sausalito Sailors Swim,
Dive, Row and Do
Comic Stunts.
The Largest Event on
Record Commences
on Public Courts.
Knocks Down Last of Eagle
With Weil-Directed
Bullet.
Preliminary and First Round
Bring Out Some Clever
and Fast Games.
Yawl Witch Wins Small
Yacht Race, Angeline
Bsing Second.
Al. Gehret was high man in the Gold mi
Gate Club rifle competition with 226 rings.
In the Germania Club contest F. E. Mason
and Al. Gchret tied, with 223 rings each.
In the competition shooting of the same
club Martin F. Blasse led all his com
petitors with the fine score of 23-1 rings.
In the medal shooting of the Sun Fran
cisco Schuetzen Verein F. P. Schuster
started off with the excellent score of 443
rings in his twenty-shot string, his next
highest competitor being Relnhcld Stet
tin with 426. Following are the scores:
Eagle and klne shooting of the Hannovo
raner Vejeln— King. Carsten Luhrs: crown,
Peter I^aree; scepter, William Foge; apple,
H. Sethmann: ring:, John Siebe; head. H. F.
Bentzen; neck. Louis Schepp«r;i right claw,
H, Sfhlichtlnz: left claw. H. Rcever; left
wins, Carsten Luhrs; right wing. H. Henken;
tall. Joseph Kchllchtmann.
Germania Schuetzen Club, monthly medal
shoot: First champion class— F. K. Mason.
229- Al Gehret. 220. Second champion class —
George Tammeyer, 213; first clasi, David Sal
flfld. 197; second clasn, George H. Bahrs. 210;
third claaa, A. Schaeffer, 19«; best first shot,
F P. Schuster, 24; best last shot. F. P. Schus
ter, 24. Competition shoot— M. F. Blaase. 234;
Al Gehret, 221; F. P. Schuster, 220; Herman
Huber, 217: N. Ahrens, 210; Charles Thier
bach. 2CS; Fred Brandt, 202.
San Francisco Schuetzen Verein, monthly
medal- shoot— Champion highest score. F. P.
Schuster 443; champion class, R. Stettin, 42b;
first class, J. Lankenau. 410; second class,
not filled; third class, John de Wit. 304; fourth
class Ed Doell, 340; bent first shot. George H.
Banns, 25; best last shot, F. P. Schuster, 25.
Golden Gate Rifle and Pistol Club, monthly
competition— Pistol Club trophies: G. E.
Frahm- 90, Charles Becker S7. G. Armstrong
82 B Jonas 80, E. C. Cordell 60. Pistol re
entry' match— Dr. Smith. 91. 84. SO; G. Arm
ptronir. S9, *>« 8*5, 84; Charles Becker. 87, 86,
85 85; J. Kullmann, SC, 80; W. F. Bla.ise,
84, 83. 83; G. E. Frahm, 84. Revolver Club
trophy — W C. Prlchard, 86. Revolver re-entry
match— W. C. Prichard 01, W. R. Proll 89, 81:
Charles Becker, 80. Rapid-fire match, 6 shots
in thirty seconds— Smith Carr, 53, 4i>. 47, 39;
W. R. Proll, 37. 34, 20; Charles Becker, 26,
30. Re-entry match, rifle, expert class — Al
Gehret, 226. 223. 221 ; C. M. Henderson, 222.
Second class — Max Kolander. 208. Club
trophy— Al Gehret. 220; D. B. Faktor. 217; C.
M. Henderson. 212; Max Kolander, 208; W. F.
BlasfC. 204; George Tammeyer, 204; G. Arm
strong, 189; Emlle Woenne, 198. Medals —
Emlle Woenne. 197; G. Armstrong. 201. 184,
1S1. Medal bars— W. F. Blasse, 214; Max Ko
lander, 208, 207. 203.
Norddeutscher Schuetzen Club, monthly
buliseye shoot — Herman Huber 512. George H.
Bahrs 593. F P./ Schuster 678, Otto Lemcke
701, John de Wit 1000. D. Schlnkel 1225. F. C
Rust 1294 William Doell 1406, L. Brune 1423.
D. Salfleld 1447. - •
Krclger Verein, monthly competition: Medal
shoot — First champion class. C. Wegger
mann, 402; champion class. J. Bender. 324; first
class. X. Silberzahn. 370: second class, C.
Meyer 273; third class. H. Henninger. 280;
fourth class. C. Harmann, 201; best first shot,
X Silberzahn. 25; best last shot, J. Bender, 24;
most centers. C. \Weggermann.
Bullseye shoot— First prize, C. Wegrgermann;
second. J. Bender; third. H. Henninger; fourth,
G. Hetzel.
Independent Rifles, monthly medal shoot— F.
Schohag 41. G. Kellenberger 62, G. E. Flicker
21 Lieutenant H. Schltctmann 43. C. H. Korn
beck 43. H. Goetjen Jr. 20, E. Marzolr 7. Cor
poral H. Marzolf 01, D. J^Mayer 45. C.
Schmidt 33, H. Goetjen Sr. 49TW. Wurzbach
40 H. Feige 48, A. Dietrich 37, C. Hering 44,
J 'Bellmer 46 F. Ewlngr 42, K. Wlchrowskl 14,
D StefTens 43, William 8mlth 32.
Shell Mound Rifle and Pistol Club, monthly
bullseye ehoot— E. J. Farley .04. W. A.
Siebe .18. H. Skinner .20, H. Windmueller .21%,
Charles Pries .22^4. O. Poulsen .36. M. Lytj«n
.SGM, F. Mante .3«%. H. Wobber. 46. W. W.
Thompson .48 Ed Lorcnzer .49. Louis Siebe .51,
George Skinner .51. J. Cobby .57. H. Huber .00.
Fred Siebe .62"4, S. Holmes .62%. W. Paulson
68V4. Al Poulsen .75. W. G. Crocker .78, Cap
tain G. Larsen .87, L. R. Murphy. 88, A. Nle
haus .00.
G. Fitschen of Butte, Mont., one of San
Francisco's oldest marksmen, was on the
range, and spent the day in renewing old
acquaintanceships. . He took especial
pride In exhibiting the gold medal he won
at Alameda Schuetzen Park hi 1865 for
being the best shot in his company.
The event of the day was the fourth
annual eagle shooting of the Hannover
aner Verein. Much enthusiasm and ex
citement prevailed during the course of
the contest as piece after piece of the bird
was shot down. The excitement reached
the climax when Carsten Luhrs stepped
to the front and by a well-directed shot
brought down the last piece of the eagle,
thus making him the king of the festival.
He was immediately surrounded by his
comrades, who placed him in a chair,
mounted on a table, and carried him over
the grounds to the pavilion, where he was
crowned with the inslenia of his office
by Misses Henrietta Hillman and Annie
Vorwinkel. After a few well chosen
remarks. King Luhrs invited his subjects
to partake of refreshments.
The success of the festival was largely
due to the committee of arrangements,
composed of Herman Schult, president;
Chris ' Roeber. secretary; Frederick Eg
gers, Charles Kruse, Joseph Schllcht
rnann.
Shell Mound Park range was well filled
with riflemen yesteVday. The shooting
conditions were all that could bu expected,
consequently many good scores were
made. The Hannovaner Verein held its
annual king shooting and turned out the
full strength of the company. The Golden
Gate Rifle and Pistol Club, Deutscher
Kreiger Verein, San Francisco Schuetzen
Verein, Germania Schuetzen Club, Nord
deutscher Schuetzen Club and Independ
ent Rifles all held monthly contests.
A- man somewhat under . the Influence
of liquor walked up to Policeman F. H.
Flynn on Montgomery street yesterday
afternoon and said he was a deserter
from the army and as his conscience had
been"troubling him he wanted to give
himself up. He said his name was Arthur
H. Jones and he was a member of Com
pany C, Fifth Infantry, in 1899 and de
serted while the regiment was in Cuba.
He was locked up in. the City Prison and
the military authorities will be notified.
Says He Is a Deserter.
The main event of the evening will b« a
mixup between . William Stewart, the
husky navy scrapper, and "Rough House"
Billy McDonald, the terror of the local
welter class. Another good bout Is, the
one arranged between Louis Balletro and
Johh Roberts. Both are big heavy-weights
and are there with the punch. .
The remainder of the card is made up
as follows: John Ding vs. Harry Wil
llams, 105 pounds; Willie Sheper vs. Loren
Brown. 130 pounds; Wesley Badger^vs.
Pete Root, 115 pounds, and James Ryan
vs. Joe Sharkey, 135 pounds.
The Hayes Valley Athletic Club has ar
ranged an all-star attraction for its regu
lar monthly exhibition, to be held at Me
chanics' Pavilion annex to-morrow, night.
Several of the fastest lads In the local
ranks are carded to go In the four-round
engagements, and according to their past
Bhowing they should pro\p a good attrac
tion.
Many Fast Amateur Boxers Will
Meet in the Roped Arena
To-Morrow Night.
HAYES. VALLEY CLUB
(¥0. ARRANGES GOOD CARD
A large crowd of amateur sailors and
their friends witnessed the aquatic sports
given by the Sjn Francisco Yacht Club
yesterday at Sausalito. The day Waa
ideal, the air being warm, delightfully
clear and brilliant. The piazzas of the
clubhouse were filled with ladies in light
dresses and yachtsmen in natty nautical
costumes.
The first event, a swimming race for
niembers of the Olympic Club, was won
by H. Hinkel. A siniilar event for mem
bers of the San FTancisco Yacht Club
was won by R. W. Mason. Kirat prize
in the high divlnt contest was won by
J. Wise of the Olympic Club and second
prize by Giannini of the San Francisco
Yacht Club. The treble scullin? race in
the club barges was won by the crew of
the yawl Royal, made up of Dr. J. No
vltzky, bow; George Urquhart. waist;
Frank Maino. stroke, and W. L. Suther
land, coxswain. The swimming and dress
ing race excited a great deal of amuse
ment amons the spectators, each con
testant having to swim to three or four
yachts and don an article of attire on
each. R. W. Mason captured this event.
Several competitors essayed to walk tha
greasy pole, but all except R. W. Mason,
who appeared in feminine dress and was
disqualified for wearing stockings, failed
to reach the fiag at the end of the pole.
The double sculling race, in which
blindfolded competitors pulled according
to the directions of a rudderless lady cox
swain, was won by W. W. Haley and
his crew of the sloop Ariel. A crew of
the yacht Ariel also won the skiff race,
using the hands as paddles, and climbing
to the crosstrees of the yacht, where the
prize was hung.
A contest, in which a man armed with a
lonsr pole padded at the point and pro
pelled In a skiff by an oarsman, charged
another similarly equipped competitor,
endeavoring to push him from the boat
into the water, was won by Bradford of
the Olympic Club. Sydney Cavlll. the
swimming instructor of the Olympic Club,
gave an interesting and clever swimming
exhibition, in whjch he Imitated a seal,
a submarine boat, a lady swimmer, a
drowning man. etc. A race in Canadian
canoes was won by the two men in the
green craft, the couple In the red one
capsizing on rounding the stakeboat,
when they had a substantial lead.
The small yacht regatta,- for boats of
twenty feet and under, was won by the
yawl Witch, Angeline being second. The
sloops Alice, Zada and Mistral also com
peted. The course was from the bows of
the steamer Albatross round the revenue
cutter Thetis and the sloop Folly, an
chored off Hurricane Gulch, leaving the
marks on the port hand and finishing at
the point of starting. The wind was light
during the race.
» The officials of the day wore A. J.
Treat, starter: W. G. Morrow and C. M.
Gunn, judges; A. C. Lee, J..E. Gray, W.
W. Haley, R. S. Bridgman, W. G. Mor
row, Hillyer Deuprey and F. H. Much
more, entry solicitors. The prizes will be
presented at the closing entertainment of
the club on October 24.
The handicap singles tournament with
Its 104 entries was commenced on the park
tennis courts yesterday. The preliminary
round and part of the first round were
finished. The pleasant weather brought
out a large crowd of spectators, who were
treated to all kinds of matches. Some
were close and interesting, while the ma
jority were one-sided and devoid of skill.
Considering the large entry list the han
dicapping was well done. Most of the
poorer players were disposed of and the
matches from now on will be closer and
more interesting. None of the men, on
scratch or below lost except Grant Smith,
who defaulted.
R. N. Whitney, playing from "15 2-6"
back of scratch, had a hard time beat
ing Charles Dunlap. who was "2-«" behind
scratch. Whitney lost the first set, but
won the next two cleverly.
G. D. MacGavin. the crack California
Club player, showed his class when he
allowed Clarence Foley odds of "owe li"
and won In straight sets. Foley wa3
thought to have an excellent chance, bui
MacGavin won with little difficulty.
Clarence Grlffln and Norman Ambrose
played the closest and most exciting
match. Griffin allowed Ambrose "owe
2-6" and the handicap proved to be about
right. The third and deciding set ran
up to 9-7, and finally went to Griffln.
Horace Mann and Alonzo McFarlanct
also figured in a three-set match. All
three sets were 6-4 and two of them
went to Mann. Harry Rolfe won bom
his matches cleverly and reached the sec
ond round. He will meet Neil Baker oa
even terms and a good match will r«
sult.
The matches played resulted as fol
lows:
Preliminary round — Lemon <30) beat Carpea
ter U5 4-6). 0-0. tt-0; Marr |3-Sj beat Roberts
(15 2-C). 6-8. 0-4. 6-1; II. Long .<.{-«> beat Dr.
Lovegrove (13 4-6). 6-2. 6-2; G. »K. Batea (3-«)
beat E. Hall (15 ;•-«>. '.'-ti. «-». 6-1; o. Beytu*a
beal WiUon by default; J. A. Code (scratch*
beat Uurst tio 4-ti), 4-t;, to-2. 7-5; R. N. Whit
ney tome 15 2-6> b«mt r. tninlay (o*e 2-ti).
4-M. tt-1, e-a; Edward.t beat Schoeneman by
default; Kuehn beat Webster by default: O.
Baker (owe 10 2-C) beat L. Joseph (15 4-6). 6-O.
6-3; L. C. Bozarth (15 2-6) beat J. B. A>lam»
(15). <J-2, 10-8; C. OriMn (owe 2-6) boat N.
Ambrose (scratch), 0-2, 4-6. D-7; Otis (3-6) beat
McLaiie (15**-6). 4-6. «-•_», 6-1; Quick beat G.
M. Smith l« default; M. Lon< (15 2-H) beat
BurrougS IB 4-V). 6-0, B-2; Turner ("O) beat
lJonovan tllr4-e). «-:;. 3-K, »-6: !Sayre (15 U-tt>
beat Myriek (15 4-6). S-ti. 1-6. «-»; A. Beyfuss
(3-tl) bt^at 3. Hamilton (10 4-6). 7-5, x-«; Teller
beat Sherwooil by default: Wc!!enbersr (15 1-6)
beat Salazar (15 2-6) by default: Murphy beat
Seybolt by default; W. Allen beat Lee by de
fault: Black (15 4-6) beat T. Allan (15 »-»;,,
6-4. 6-2; Little (30) beat Lelllch (13 2-6). «-:5.
3-B. H-4; Finnegan (.'J-«) beat Flnkenatedt
(15 2-6), 6-1, 0-3; Colman (15> beat Hlghtower
(15 4-«). 6-1. 6-0; Rolfe (scratch) beat Fuller
(30), 6-3, 6-a; F. Adams (15) beat B. McFar
land (15 2-6), C-3, 6-4; K. Baker (scratch) beat
Burnett (15 4-6). 6-1. 6-2: Wllgua beat Me
Cullen by default; Routh (owe 2-«> beat Saul
(30). 6-2. 6-3: Wheeler beat Moss by default:
Lilienthal beat H. Skinner by default; Marius
Hotchklss (scratch) beat Turner (15 4-6). »-::.
3-6, 6-4; Lewla (3-6) beat J. M. Baker (15 2-6).
6-3. 7-5; Barnes beat Martin by default: J. D.
MacGavln (owe 15 2-C) beat Pcley (scratchy.
6-4, 6-4.
First round — Ryan beat Twiggs by default;
G. Lytton (15) beat Carlisle (15). tt-1. 6-2; G«tx
O5 4-b) beat Howell (15 4-ff>, «-2. 6-1; Mc-
Duffy (15 2-6) beat Wolfsohn (15 2-6), 6-1. 6-o;
Black (15 4-6) beat Little ("0); Coleman (15>
beat Flnr-egan (3-6). 7-0. 6-1, 6-1; Otis <.»*-«>
beat Quick <."0). 6-2. 6-3; Lemon (15) beat Marr
(3-6) set all, defaulted; Rolfe (scratch) beat
Adams (15). 6-1. fi-3; Gayness (3-6) beat Cot
ton (30). 2-6, 6-3. 6-4.
The California Club courts wer© crowd
ed all day long yesterday and many in
teresting matches were played. Grant
Smith and Ray Cornell played four fast
sets, all of which were won by the for
mer. Cornell is improving rapidly and
will shortly graduate into th© first class.
He made many excellent drives, bat at
times was wild.
William Collier and Harry Haight also
figured in a cjever match. Collier proved
a trifle too strong for the ex-double cham
pion and beat him two sets. H. Gabriel
beat Dr. Noble 6-4; Dr. Lovegrove beat
D. Volkmann 6-4, 6-4; Gabriel and Dag
gert beat Lovegrove and Dole 6-4, g-2; H.
Gray beat G. "VV. Burnett 6-3. 6-2; A. W.
"Worthington beat Dr. Noble 6-3, 6-4. 6-2;
Robbing beat Spring 6-2, 6-2, 2-6; Gray
and Spring beat Volkmann and Robbins
10-S.
Lieutenant Foley Be turns.
Lieutenant Hamilton Foley of th© Fifth
Infantry, who recently was dismissed
from the army, was among th© passen
gers that arrived on the transport Sher
idan from Manila Saturday night. Ha
came home with his company under ar
rest. He was tried by court-martial in
the Philippines for conduct unbecoming
an officer and a gentleman and the sen
tence was dismissal and one year's Im
prisonment. The President remitted th*
imprisonment portion of the sentence.
BUCKINGHAM. Quebec. Oct. 11.— A land
slide occurred at Poupore. north of here, on
the Lievre River, to-day. The channel of the
river was completely blocked for a while and
many farm buildings were destroyed, but. so
far as reported, no lives were lost.
• SCHTJETZEN PARK.
Monthly Bullseye Shooting and Con
test for Special Prizes.
There was a large number of marks
men present at Schuetzen Park yesterday.
The occasion was matte especially attract
ive by the large number of extra prizes
that had been contributed and the keen
est Interest was manifested by the partic
ipants. In addition to the regular bulls
eye shooting of the California Schuetzen
Club the Babln trophy was presented to
W. F. Blasse for his high score at the
pistol target. The prizes contributed by
John Oswald and Philo Jacoby were well
contested. Following are the scores:
Prize winners bullseye shoot— L. J. Reubold
134. R. Finking 149 M. I!lasse 275. L. Rink
296. O Rlschmuller Sr. 365 A. Rahwyler 410.
J. L.. Utschlg 46tt. J. E. Klein £160. G. Tam
meyer 577 C. Meyer 618. A. Strecker 67J. A.
von Wyl 755, W. Ehrenpfort 788. L.. C. Babin
017. W. F. Blasse 982. F. Riede ©99. C. von
Hartwis 1067 M. F. Harter 1070. . A. Brehm
1146, F. Leverg 1167 J. Boiler 1176. H. Scheu
nert 1215. W. Bremer 1414. C. M. Rousseau
1425 M. Kolander 1427. Cadets — F. H. Bremer
354. F. Bertelsen 1225. J. L. Utschlg 4«d.
M. Blasse 275, J Horstman 1839. M. Kolander
1427 E Woenne 2395, C. Zimmermann 2870.
J. Straub 1880 J. C. Waller 1780. L. Rink
290 L. C Babin 917 O. Bremer 1444, A. Ber
tels'en 1623 A. von Wyl 755. C. von Hartwlg
1067 A. Rahwyler 410. Captain Klein 650, W.
Ehrenpfort 7SS. J. Boiler 1176. C. Meyer 618.
F Rlede 999. L. Reubold 134. J. J. Kuehn
1S37 H. Stettin 2228. A. Brehm 1146, P. Ja
coby 1521 G. Rlschmuller Sr. S65, G. H.
Halpln 1942 C. M. Rousseau 1425. W. Mc-
Cracken 2436. M. Reubold 1525. A. Strecker
672 W F. Blase* 082. G. Tammeyer 677. R.
Fln'klne 140 M. F. Hartter 1070. F. Levers
1167. H. Scheunert 1215 O. Burmeister 2325.
Cadets — F. H. Bremer 054, F. Bertelsen 1225.
Special prize one-quarter veal, won by L.
J Reubold, presented by John Oswald: also
special prize, case of wine, presented by P.
Jacoby for most bullseyes in twenty shot*, won
by A. Strecker with fifteen bullseyes to his
Cr plstol scores— J. I* XTtschlgr 86. 80; W. F.
Blasae 85. 80; George Tammeyer. 85, 80; M.
F Blasse 84 81; M. Kolander. 84. 78; P.
Jacoby. «i 81; M. F. Hartter. 83. 79; U J.
Reubold 82. 81; L C. Babln. 80. 77; J. C.
Waller. 80. T5; A. Brehm, 78. 73; F. H. Bre
mer. 78. 70.
A valuable special prize presented by I*. C.
Babin won by W. F. Blasse for the highest
3-10-shot scores during the past four months.
Scores — 90. 88, 88 out of a possible 100.
HANDBAXL EXPERTS PLAY
FAST EOTJB-HANDED GAME
Hampton and Levy and Bonnet and
Nealon BTeak Even After Six
Hot Games.
As usual the hard handball court of the
Olympic Club was crowded with specta
tors yesterday. The series of match
games which have been played for the
past two months brought many enthusi
asts to the clubhouse. James Fitzgerald,
the world's champion, was to have played
Jack Bonnet and Al Hampton yesterday,
but owing to a business engagement was
unable to show up. In order that the
spectators might not be disappointed a
four-handed game was made up between
Jack Bonnet and J. C. Ne&lon against
Al Hampton and Louis Levy. They play
ed six of the fastest games seen In the
club in months. Each side took three
games.
Bonnet's terrific toss and Nealon's
splendid playing- were features. Hampton
suffered a bad shoulder and did not play
up to form. However, he was in every
play and x »dld great work. Levy's show
ing was very good. He has not been
playing as long as the others, but Is rap
idly becoming an expert. The scores
were 21-16. 21-12. 21-15, &-21. 18-21, 2-21. Nea
lon played Levy a single-handed game
and beat him by 8 points. Although an
aged man Nealon plays a remarkable
game. He drives the ball with great
force and commands it nicely. Fitzgerald
and Bonnet and Hampton will play next
Sunday. The soft handball tournament
will open at the Olympic Club to-night.
THE PAN FKANCISUO CALL, MOKDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1903.
ALONE, THE FIVE-TEAR-OLD PACER OWNED IN SAN JOSE, WHO
BROKE THE RECORD FOR A QUARTER OF A MILE AT AGRICUL
TURAL PARK TRACK.
Trunks and Suit Cases.
We gi\* you the best value in trunks,
suit cases and traveling supplies in the
city. Look over our leather goods depart
ment and be convinced. Sanborn, Vail &
Co.. 711 Market street. •
NEW YORK, Oct. 11.— Following are
the official j fielding percentages -of the
leading National league players who par
ticipated in fifteen or more games in any
one position during the season of 1903, as
compiled by Secretary Pulliam:
F1UST BASEMEN.
Ryan. St. Louis.. .. 080 poyle, Brooklyn 9SI
McGann. N Y OSS Bransfleld, Pittsbg.OSl
Douglass, Philadel. 985 1
SECOND BASEMiN.
Magoon, Clncln 971lBonner, Boston 057
Bltchey, PittBburK...neWLowe, Chicago .....949
Gleason, Philadel. ,.. 950 1
THIRD BASEMEN.
Wolverton, Philadel 941 Dunn, New York.. ..935
Stelnfeldt, Clncln... 937 Casey, Chicago 915
Gremllner, Boston.. .935
SHORT STOPS.
Dahlen, Brooklyn. ...948! Babb, New York. ..012
Corcoran, Clncln.. ..94.1: Brain, St. Louis.. ..90S
Wagner. Pittsburg..9?«l
OUTFIELDERS.
Geseler, Brooklyn.. .984 Dobbe. Chicago and
Mertes, New York..»73 Brooklyn 970
Dunleavy, St.Louls.U72 Barry. Phlladelphla.970
Jones. D.. Chicago.071 Bresnahan, N Y 9G5
PITCHERS.
Murphy, St. Louls.1000 Fraser, Philadel 966
Lundgren, Chlcago.980 Reldy. Brooklyn 96-1
Mathewson. N Y....974 Phllllppi. Flttsburg.962
Schmidt. Brooklyn.. .»C9 Willis, Boston 9G0
Kennedy, Pittsburg.atiU Ewinjr, Cincinnati.. 954
CATCHERS,
Warner, New York.079 and Plttsburr ...957
Zlmmer, Philadel. ...959 Kittredge, Boston.. ..957
KHng. Chicago 958 Bowerman, N Y 953
Weaver, . St. Louis
San Jose Defeats Reliance.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 11.— Score: San Jose,* 6; Re
liance, 0.
STOCKTON, Oct. 11. — By defeatfnE the
Heeeemans to-day Stockton has the pennant
secure. Langley'tt batting waB a feature.
Score: Stockton. 8; Heesemans, 1. Batteries —
Ingalls and McMurray; Pierce and Hammond.
Stockton' Holds Pennant Safe.
CHICAGO, Oct. 11.— The Nationals were
blanked to-day through Inability to hit
White, who allowed them but six safe
ones, scattered one to an inning. Lund
gren's work was gilt-edged excepting in
the third inning, when four bunched hits
scored two runs. The score:
' : H. H. E.
Nationals •• 0 6 0
Americans •• 2 -6 2
Batteries— Lundgrcn and Kilns; White and
Sullivan. Attendance, 11,000. - S :•, .'
5
ADVERTISEMENTS.
One /^^ M!B ! n13118
Bottle^HI ™ EY
p JR Sj BLADDER
ulirGS&w >L CURE
For pains la th» back, axitthVm dis-
ease, lnccatlaensd of nrln*. brick
dost deposit, b«d-w«tt*aar, ritiL
dropsy, dl»hat«», rh«Tun*ti»m.
Only by removing poisonous ' ac!4 can
rhirumatlc mad nturaixlc troubles b»
cured. Uric acid finds Us way Into tha
blood because th« Kidneys are weakened
and do not throw it oft from tha system
Restore tha Ztldney* and you restor* th»
powtr that will fore* th* ortc acid from
the body. That la Just what McBurney's
Kidney and Bladder Car* doei. It drives
the deadly uric aetd from th* blood. It
»-mt«ln» th« ora-ana that sustain Mf» and
the forces that maki blood. McBurn» T - I
KMn«y and Bladder cure. |1 SO. All fl
drurtfita. Booklet with sworn a t*t«- M
raents of rare* fr««. W. J*. McBurney Ej
Eoie Mfr., 223 S. Spring •«.. Lot Angles! |
HADWAl'S R3ADV RELIEF has stood
unrivaled befora the public for 6O yean •* a
Patn Kemetly It Instantly relieves and qutekly
cures all Colds. Sore Throats. Influenza. Bron-
chitis Pneum«ita. Rheum*tiatn. N.-urtl|;».
Headache. Toothache and al! pain. Intarn&Uy
lor Malaxla aad all Bowel I'alsj. JH1 dxufsUt*.REV. DAVID H. GREEK, WHO HAS
BEEN APPOINTED COADJUTOR
TO BISHOP POTTEfc.
The carrying capa'dty of the 'average
German freight car is ten to fifteen tons.
Cars of double that capacity are to be
tested.
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tne
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 230 Cali
fornia street. .Telephone Alain 1042. •
the attainment of the impossible is practicable sim
ply by word of mouth. He charged his accomplish
ments as a burglar to whisky after he had spent
several years of a sober existence in a penitentiary.
It has generally been conceded that it is impossible
to exaggerate an arraignment of whisky as a pro
ducer of crime, but an Oakland man has proved that
Townsend's California glace fruits and
candies, 60c a pound. In artistic flre
etchfid boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market St.. above Calin>ldg. •
At the quarterly meeting of the St. Pat
rick's Mutual Alliance Association, which
was held last Saturday evening, the re
ports of the officers showed that the so
ciety has within the last three months
raised its. general fund to 110.000, an in
crease of a little over 3 per cent. Secre
tary Alford reviewed the work accom
plished by the society in the last three
months, and the committee on arrange
ments reported that the necessary prep
arations for the celebration of the St.
Patrick's Mutual Alliance Association's
thirtieth anniversary had been made, and
will -take place at Union Square Hall on
Friday evening, October 30.
To Celebrate Anniversary.
Let us fit your hand to a good fountain
pen. The "Waterman," "Swan" or "Mar
shall" are the only ones worth consider
ing. Prices $1 to $5 each. Sanborn Vail &
Co., 741 Market street. •
Fountain Pen News.
Dr. Alexander J. Mclvor-Tyndall enter
tained and mystified a large audience at
Steinway Hall last night with demonstra
tions in occult phenomena. It was one or
the most brilliant gatherings of the sea
son, and the famous psychic scientist was
In excellent trim. - He delivered an excel
lent discourse on the destructive power of
thought, citing many, cases of personal
experience: where thought vibrations of a
certain potentiality have been instru
mental in producing chemical changes in
the human organism that have . resulted
in death, or, as he calls it, disintegration.
Dr. .Molvor-Tyndall ia a' bold and original
thinker, and while he Is probably manv
years in advance of the age with his pe
culiar views of life, yet he adheres to the
latest developments of material science in
expressing his novel theories of the psy
chological side of life. The lecture was
evidently much appreciated and was re
ceived with enthusiasm.
Dr. Tyndall's Lecture.
It may be noted in passing that the manipulators
of these unnatural combinations have had an excel
lent excuse, from their standpoint, for thejr attacks
on President Roosevelt and their accusation that he
is the cause of the tumbling of their card house.
With a very clear prevision he saw, the end from the
beginning. He saw that ' these over-capitalized
schemes were destined to collapse when the people
ceased to buy inflated stocks. Therefore he insisted
upon a degree of publicity that would warn the people
against such investment. His course made it impos
sible for the underwriting syndicate to sell stocks at
thirty times their actual value and so caused the col
lapse of the shipbuilding trust and the present down
fall of every watered combination. He has rendered
a public service as great as that of Mr. Cleveland
when he sustained the public credit against exactly
such a proposition in linance. His fame has outlived
the denunciation of the mefn who wanted to water all
the money of the country by falling to a silver basis
and making the people take 45 cents for 100 cents. ."
President Roosevelt started the machinery of the
law in motion, and though the trust organs have at-
THE disclosures incident to the examination of
the affairs of the shipbuilding trust h, av e prob
ably struck a death blow to future combinations
of capital by means having no other motive than
enrichment of the promoters. It seems quite sure
that the power of J. Pierpont Morgan is broken and
that no other will succeed him as the wizard of com
bination. We long ago predicted that the time would
come when every over-capitalized enterprise would
get the water squeezed out of it and the people would
be taught once for all that there was a^atural limit
to combination beyond which no artifice, no matter
how cunning and expert, could sustain business in
violation of the natural laws of commerce.
It is well that this time has come now. The coun
try can stand the consequences. There is a slowing
up of trade and cautionary signals are abundant, but
legitimate operations will sustain the shock. There
is no use trying to conceal the fact that it is the most
serious, in all our industrial and financial history. It
is great in proportion to the wide departure from cor
rect principles which has caused it. Ten years ago
it would have convulsed the commerce of the coun
try from the top down to the smallest peanut stand,
for we were largely in debt abroad and our public
finances were disordered at home. Now the foreign
balance against us is imperceptibly small and our
finances arc on a far sounder basis.
THE TRUSTS TUMBLING.
Under the benign influence of American institu
tions, encouraged and enforced at the point of the
bayonet, the Moros have decided that they will have
no more slave hunting in their provinces. This con
cession to our civilization is encouraging. It may
not be too much to expect that when the Moros
fight with us, in consequence of periodical disagree
ments, they will decide to restrict their operations
to what we are pleased to call civilized warfare.
The country's bank clearings are still running be
hind those of 1002, the loss last week being 137 per
cent, though the aggregate clearings have increased
sharply during the past ten days from the low point
of Si ,400,000,000 to the good showing of $2,180,000,000.
The loss in percentage is not uniform, about half of
the largest cities exhibiting gains over 1902. Fail
ures last week were 223, against 245 for the same week
last 3'ear. Our foreign trade diminished last week,
both imports and exports falling off, though the loss
in both was not^eaw.
Conditions in Wall street have not been satisfactory
of late, as the sinister developments in connection
with the internal affairs of the United States Steel and
Shipbuilding trusts have still further shaken 'public
confidence in the stock market The great trusts
seem to, have reached that point predicted several
years ago by Henry Clews, the astute and
far-seeing New York banker, who even then saw
what was coming and said that the public need not
worry about the huge trusts — they would settle them
selves if given rope enough and left alone.
The iron and steel trade furnishes the most notable
example of this increase in production and decrease
in demand. The United States Steel Corporation re
ports that its orders now are 1,000,000 tons less than
a year ago, whereas on the 1st of January they were
1,000.000 tons larger than at the same time the year
before, while all the leading producers of pig iron
have agreed to cut down the output. The New Eng
land cotton mills are running on reduced time and
some are storing their products. The footwear fac
tories of the same section report operations fair,
though prices are less satisfactory and the margin of
profit is smaller. The cotton crop is not turning out
as well as anticipated and the movement at New
Orleans is being deranged by a labor strike.
Provisions continue to <frag at Chicago and other
Western centers and the market is being held up, as
private reports from Chicago express it, "by sheer
muscle." The tendency in farm staples is now down
ward rather than upward and cereals on the Chicago
Board of Trade are weak. There is one good feature
to this, which is that if the American wheat' market
keeps down to the European export basis we shall be
in a position to sell wheat to Europe, whereas for
months we were handicapped in this business by our
own high prices. The same condition applies to pig
iron. Increased production and lower prices will
rheck our importations of this product from abroad
and may increase our local business. So lower grain
md iron markets are not altogether an unmixed evil.
Dry goods are reported quieter at New York and
Texas reports some falling off in business there and
in other parts of the Southwest, largely owing to the
Dackv.-ardness of the cotton crop. But no trouble in
rollections from this cause has yet been reported.
The continuation of labor troubles, though by no
means as acute as some months ago, is diminishing
building operations, reducing the demand for
structural material and making the lumber market
The best reports are still from the western half of
the country and the very best are from the Pacific
slope, where the volume of business is keeping up
excellently. The railroad earnings still lead those of
last year by about 8 per cent, and while the com
plaints of car shortage are by no means as numerous
or loud as for several years past, there is still a de
ficiency in cars to move the goods tendered the rail
roads.
TRADE conditions are undergoing a decided
change. Everybody now sees it. Close com
mercial observers have seen it coming for
months. But the change is in the nature of a sur
prise to even the latter and is but another illustration
of the old saying that .we never know how things are
going to turn out. In the first place the money mar
ket, which everybody expected would be stringent at
this time when the crops are beginning to move, is
not particularly so, and in fart is easier than it was
some months ago. In the ft-cond place there is a
pronounced downward tendeircy in prices for almo-t
everything, accompanied by larger supplies of almost
all products. In other words production has at last
overtaken consumption and in many lines is now
passing it. This means lower prices for these prod
uct* and indicates that the cost of living from now
on will decrease rather than increase. It was not
expected that this increase in supplies and recession
in prices would occur before next spring, but it is
even now with us.
The church of which he has been rector in
New York St, Bartholomew's, is an institution
of enormous wealth and Influence including
in- the parish church proper many of the rich
est people in New York City, and reaching
through its missions and other organization*
thousands of the .very poorest. The steady
way In ¦ which Dr. Greer has developed thle
great enterprise has. drawn to him the eyes of
the whole church.
Everybody Jn our church . respects Dr. Greer
for his ability and also for his absolute inde
pendence and sincerity.* I do not think that
Dr" Greer can be regarded as a "party" man
In any narrow sense. - His early training was
that of the - "evangelical" or "low church"
school, I believe, but he-has undoubtedly out
grown the ' narrow • Influences of an earlier day.
At the convention in New . York Dr. Greer
was nominated by the rector of Trinity Church
Rev. Morgan Dix, who Is known as . a Cath
olic churchman, and -I understand that he waa
finally voted for by every member of the con
vention. Evidently all men respect . him and
feel that they can trust him. - That " he will
keep his . word .and be absolutely ¦ fair ¦ In. his
episcopal Judgment Is beyond question.
•Two years ago at the general convention Dr.
Gregx-took a stand on the question of divorce
which surprised everybody by Its vehemence.
**• ¦unnorted with great ardor the law of the
The Rev. Herbert Parrish, rector of the
Church of the Advent, estimated Dr.
Greer as a man of .very brilliant gifts
and of tried stability of character. He
said:
HIGH CHTJKCH OPINION.
Dr Greer was called to St. Bartholomew's
parish in New. York in 1888. He was when
called the rector of Grace Church atsProvl
tience R. I. His Held waa limited there. He
ranked easily first among the Episcopal clergy
in Rhode Island. The tall to New lork af
forded him a splendid opportunity for ha
powers I was assistant at St. Bartholomew s
Church when he was made rector. I had an
opportunity therefore to know personally about
"I W have found a gold mine," to he said to me,
alludln to £>.. Bartholomew's. The wea.ui
of the congregation at that time was estimated
to be $200,00O.0C0. For. two years Dr. Greer
worked quietly, making no special move, but he
devoted all this time to pastoral work preach
ing and examining the field. In the third year
of his rectorship he entered upon the perform
ance of his plans, and aU the years since have
brought continual developme-K oftlw wok
He built a parish-house that cost almost 41.
000,000. In that building services are held in
five different languages. He was. the first cler
gyman in New York to come to the assistance
of the poor in rescuing them from the clutoa^a
of the usurers or money lenders, who were tak
ing enormous Interest. He established a large
pawnshop, and in every possible way guarded
the poor, trying always to preserve their seif
resnect In the pulpit he has been one of the
leaders' of New York City and of the entire
East. He is a bold, fearless, practical, aggres
sive preacher, who never ¦ fails to sp«>ak '.he
truth In t'.ils way ,more than in a.ny other,
possibly, he won the respect and love of his
congregation. - '¦ — • ' *'
He is one of the few men who have remark
able pulpit power with - strong administrative
ability His churchinanshlp is broad, tolerant,
comprehensive. He is. unquestionably, well
suited for the bishopric of such a diocese as
New York. . He will be a leader of men.
He has declined other elections. He was
elected Bishop of "Western Massachusetts some
years ago. but declined the honor. If he hart
not demurred he would have been made Bishop
Coadjutor of Pennsylvania two years ago. He
is the logical successor of Blifccp Potter of the
diocese of New York. This ia true because of
his position and other reasons. He was rector
of St. Bartholomew's parish In New York. He
has great influence and popularity with all
schools of thought In the church. He has been
in New York as the rector of St. Bartholomew's
parish for a long time. He has widened tae
work of that parish into all sorts of usefulness.
He has greatly stimulated the missionary work.
The election of Dr. Greer as coadjutor to
Bishop Potter is of Importance to all the
church. When he accepted the appointment h«
said that "one thing, however, you could not
and cannot, and I am sure would not compel
me to do; you would not compel me to be la*
bishop of any pa.rty or any school of thought In
this diocese or in the church at large."
This Indicates the man very well. If those
who represent various views in 'the church are
united In the selection of a bishop of the most
prominent diocese in the United States as they
were on the occasion of the election .of Dr.
Greer. that certainly tends to unity in the
church and help practically. He will not be a
partisan in ofnee. He has endeared himself by
his independence of character. I
The Rev. Dr. Clampett said that he re
garded the election of Dr. Greer as coad
jutor to Bishop Potter as a great thing
for the Episcopal church, and continued:
This Is the view of Right Rev. Bishop
Nichols:
BISHOP NICHOLS' VIEWS.
Among Episcopalians on the Pa
cific Coast there is the liveliest interest
In this fact and what it implies. Promi
nent clergymen in this city believe that
his advent as coadjutor to Bishop Potter
Is fraught with great good for the Prot
estant Episcopal Church.
NO more potent voice was raised In
this city on the floor of the general
convention of the Protestant Epis
copal church, two years ago, than
that of the Rev.- David H. Greer of
New York. He became a marked figure
while in San Francisco. His vehemence
in the convention on the subject of di
vorces and his pulpit oratory alike char
acterized him for earnestness and re
vealed to his delighted listeners that be
fore them stood a man such as all Ameri
cans like— one who was not afraid to
speak his thoughts fearlessly and fully.
The press dispatches have brought from
the East the meager announcement only
that Dr. Greer haa been appointed coad
jutor to Bishop Potter of the diocese of
New York. That bare statement means
to church men that Dr. Greer has become
In fact the foremost man of the Prot
estant Episcopal church in the United
States. /
TRADE CONDITIONS CHANGING
The Episcopal church holds unitedly to a
few essentials. It leaves a broad field for dis
cussion. It is important that Dr. Greer is not
a party man. He will be the most prominent
man in the church and he will be listened to
with ?reat attention. >.
"When Dr. Greer was elected Bishop co
adjntor he wasp nominated by a high
churchman. The nomination was second
ed by a broad' churchman and the first
ballot showed -so large a majority, made
up of votes from all parties, that all Idea
of partisan bias was entirely disproved.
When the bishopric was accepted by Dr.
Greer he was escorted by a committee
consisting: of Dr. J. Lewis Parks, J. P.
Morgan and W. R. Grosvenor and waa
received by Bishop Potter. The two par
agraphs of Dr. Greer's address on ac
cepting the appointment that will at
tract the most general attention upon the
part of churchmen in all parts of the
United States are as follows:
One thing, however, you could not and can
not, and, I am sure, would not, compel me to
do You would not compel me to be the bishop
of any party or school of thought In this dio
cese or in the church at large.
I recognize the fact that beneath the sur
face, however diversified that surface may be,
there Is a deep and loyal devotion to our com
mon Lord and Savior, Jesus Christ, There is
no name that can so touch and sway* our hearts
as that name. That name is the one that I
shall recognize, and that personality is the one
that I shall try to serve.
Dr. Greer will be hailed by us all with de- j
light In his new position. While there is no j
primacy, or archbishop, in the American Epls- I
copal ehurch, yet the bishopric of . the diocese ',
of New York, by reason of the prominence of j
the diocese, has great-weight. It la the largest <
and most prominent diocese of the Episcopal
church in the United States. ..' ;
Dr. Gre*r will not have a party bias. He !
Is thoroughly bread in his sympathies.. Preju- j
dice In favor of this or of that opinion haa j
no place in hi9 composition. He has made of '
St. Bartholomew's parish a perfect Christian i
empire. St. Bartholomew's Is a very wealthy !
chuich. He has used its wealth and power in
missionary work in New York City. He is as
simple as he is great.
The Rev. Dr. B. M. "W'eeden, rector of
St. Luke's Church, said:
ALL' PABTIES SATISFIED.
There is not the slightest possibility of a
row in our church about ritualism, either in
New York . or elsewhere. The Bishops recog
nize thoroughly that incense, lights, vestments
and all the ceremonies of the mass are strictly
legal in the American church. The prejudice
about ritual, due to historical reasons in con
nection with the Church of Rome, is rapidly
dying out. Slowly but surely Catholic cere
monial Is being adopted In all of our churches.
There is no attempt made to oppose the Cath
olic movement. Moreover, the old errors Identi
fied with the names "low church" and "broad
church" are gradually passing away. If there
are any "parties" --in our church, and a church
to be alive must have "parties," there is, at
least, with very few exceptions, a mutual cour
tesy and charity which unites them in a bond
stronger than their differences.
Dr. Greer, however, is rather a practical
man of affairs than a scholar or theologian.
He is regarded as a man of wide reading In
general lines, and he is a striking preacher.
His popularity is the more remarkable in that
Dr. Qreer Is peculiar and absolutely frigid in
manner. He has a waxed mustache, parts his
hair in the middle and dresses like an affected
floorwalker of a fashionable dry-goods store —
which would impress one atjfnrst somewhat
unfavorably. Respect for hijh, however, grows
with acquaintance. He is honest, fearless, able
and kind.
indissolublllty of marriage. He has expressed
himself publicly since on the same subject with
even greater force. There . was a fear at one
time that "low" or "broad" views on the
subject of divorce would make some way In the
church, especially in fashionable New York.
The election of Dr. Greer Is an indication that
the diocese of New York will not favor laxity
on the divorce question.
MONDAY OCTOBER 12, 1903
JOHN a SPRgCKELS, Proprietor.
Addresi All Communications to JOHN McNAUGHT, Meruger.
TELEPHONE.
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator Will Connect
You With the Department You Wish.
PUBLICATION OFFICE... Market and Third, S. P.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 21T to 221 Stevenson St.
Delivered try Carriers, 20 Cts. Per Week, 75 Cts.
Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cents. -
Terms br Mall. Including Poeu«e (Guh With Orfar):
DAILY «~AT f T r (including Sunday), one ?e«r S£.OO
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday), « mooOu ¦*-°°
DAILY CALL— By Single Month 7Bc
6LTWDAY CALL. On« Tear 2 ' C( *
WEEKLY CALL, One Year *« o °
f Dally... »8-8O Per Tear Extra
FOKEGN POSTAGE { Sunday.. 4.15 Per Year Extra
I Weekly.. 1.0O Per Year Extra
All poftnuiteri are authorised to receive
¦ nbxrrlptloni.
Cample eociee will be forwarded when requested.
Kail •ebacrlben In ordering change of address tbould be
particular to give both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS in order
to insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLA.MJ OFFICE.
111S Drondnnr Telephone Slain 1OS3
BERKELEY OFFICE.
CI4S Center Street Telephone Sortta 77
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
MOItTO.N E. CttAAE 14O« O Street, K. W.
NEW TORS NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf -Aitoria Hotel; A. Drentano, 31 Union Square;
Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-arenue Hotel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Ehensan Hooee; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Tmnont House; Auditorium Hotel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KROGXESS. . . .Marqnett<> Building;
(Long Distance Telephone, "Central 2619.")
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
TEPHES II. SMITH 8O Tribune Bnlldlns;
;:HAJfCH OFFICES— «27 Montgomery, corner cf Clay, open
eat!) 8:80 o'clock. 800 Hayes, op*n until 0:90 o'clock. 833
McAllister, open until 9:20 o'clock. €15 Lexhln. open untit
t JO o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261
Market, corner Sixteenth, opra until 9 o'clock. 1099 Va
lencia, open until 6 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9
c* clock. NE. corcer Church and Duncan streets, open
cstU 0 o'clock. NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky,
cpen until » o'clock. 1300 FlUmore. open until » o'clock.
The school near San Luis Obispo is the first of its
kind in respect to location.- Heretofore such institu
tions have been placed in the large cities. This one
is practically in the country, in > the midst of whole
some surroundings, where those who seek to enjoy
its opportunities will not be diverted by the allure
ments of a great city. To it the country youth may
be expected to resort. Successful ranch manage
ment in California requires such a school. The
owner or the foreman of a ranch should know how to
shot a horse, to plan and build, to take machinery
down and set it up. In the near future electric
power is to be extensively used in running Califor
nia ranches. It will operate pumps, distribute water,
run stationary, machines for threshing grain and
beans, and will do the churning in creameries. In
these schools boys will learn something of elec
trical engineering and the mechanism to be actuated
by electricity, so that this new labor-aiding agent
may be handled by them.
To return to conditions in this, city, for the pur
pose of emphasis. "We have here, operated in ; con
junction, the Lick and Wilmerding manual schools,
established by private endowment. % The Lick School
has-415 pupils, and for lack of facilities is compelled
to turn away more than that number who apply.
Instead of establishing the semi-penal departments
proposed by the School Superintendent, why. not de
vote what they would cost to extension of that
polytechnic school, so that its capacity would equal
the demands upon it?
If more study is given to leading the young in
line with these natural tendencies, and less to the use
of force to compel them into things that are dis
tasteful, we will be training better citizens: and if
as much attention is paid to this as is given to the
penal plan, the happy time may come when the
State schools. £or incorrigible youth may be turned
into polytechnic institutions, to which pupils resort
voluntarily and cheerfully for training in handicrafts
and skilled occupations. . ' ,
The policy that creates these conditions is a mis
taken one. Not every boy who goes to a trade at
the proper age makes a finished mechanic. Only
about one-tenth of all the apprentices have the qual
ity that induces them to always remain in the use
and practice of a trade. The highest purpose of
their training in the trade is to teach them industry,,
thrift, temperance and economy, the training that
makes for good citizenship, and they apply these
qualities in lines of life suited to their tastes, often
iar away from the trade in which they were acquired.
It is therefore an error to presume that apprenticeship
should be denied or so limited that the privilege is
useless, in order to malce trained men in the trades
scarce and thereby make the control of labor easier
and give it the features of a monopoly, enjoyed
mostly by aliens.
The denial or limitation of apprenticeship has
made the polytechnic school necessary, and it is well
that such institutions are increasing in number,' for
they have become the bulwark of good citizenship.
Where they are made part of the public school sys
tem of large cities the most interesting effects have
been observed. Before their establishment a per
centage of pupils, by indifference to the study of
books and a tendency to truancy, reduced the stand
ing" of all grades above the primary. Where the trade
schools are established it is observed that this class
of indifferent and truant pupils, almost without ex
ception, voluntarily enroll themselves in the "shop
school," where they at once become interested and
indutlrious workers. It will be observed that this
improves the morale of the whole School Depart
ment, reduces truancy to a minimum, raises the stand
ing of the grades affected, and is the means of
checking and effacing the tendency to idleness and
indifference.
The City Superintendent of San Francisco has re
cently proposed the establishment of truant and
parentaLschools, in which the class of pupils referred
to are to be separated and kept under conditions that,
after all. are semi-penal. In the training of the young
it is not well to classify thejp according to their faults
and shortcomings, as would be* the case in such
schools as the Superintendent proposes. It is, on the ]
other hand, far better to cause them to voluntarily
seek congenial occupation. No natural trait is more
universal than the fondness of the young for
mechanism and their desire to make something with
their hands. The boy loves his pocket-knife, and
with it whittles something into shape. It was said
that the whittling habit of the Yankee was the foun
dation of the early manufacturing supremacy of New
England, and so it was written among the classics
of the old and excellent school readers:
The Yankee boy, before he's sent to school,
Knows how to use that magic tool,
The pocket knife.
THE opening of the. new State polytechnic
school, near San Luis Obispo, is an event of
peculiar interest. ' The State can better afford
to endow such institutions than to build reform
schools for the reception of youthful incorrigibles,
under semi-penal conditions. The young need oc
cupation. They need the ordinary opportunities of
fered by the public schools as a preliminary, but
while yet in their teens they need the training of
mind and hand in some manual industry.
The restrictions upon apprenticeship and the al
most entire disappearance of the "open shop" have
had a disastrous effect '.upon our native-born yputh.
That effect is seen in the steady increase of • the
semi-penal institutions in which large numbers are
restrained. While they are thus branded the. places
they should occupy under normal conditions are
filled by foreign immigration, and the country is
sacrificing the benefit it would get from the upright*
citizenship of those born on its soil and reared to
know the genius of its institutions and respect its
laws.
ANOTHER TRADE SCHOOL
As a Cabinet maker Premier Balfour is anything
but a glittering success. Even his well wishers, who
know of no Ministerial crisis as serious as the pres
ent since the last of Gladstone, are sorrowfully of
the opinion that Mr. Balfour should try his hand at
another trade. Cabinet-making is too intricate for
potterers.
• • •
The contract of the Philippine Govern
ment with the Uraga Dock Company in
Japan for the construction of five gun
boats has turned out badly. Only two of
the boats have been delivered, and the\'
failed to come up to the requirements, as
they drew more water than intended, and
their construction and workmanship were
generally defective. The Uraga builders
have be^n notified that the other three
boats will not be accepted, and that the
guarantee check for the two boats deliv
ered is forfeited. Several payments hava
already been made upon the three con
tracts now suspended, and which the
'company refuses to refund, but is said
to have made concessions satisfactory to
the Government. The Philippine Govern
ment has wasted a lot of money and
time on this transaction, which is not a ¦
surprise to builders on this coast. The
boats could have b«en built here as waa i
advocated early last year, and if too^
small for safe navigation could have been
shipped in sections to Manila for comple
tion.
• • •
A unique warship has been added as an
auxiliary to the Swedish navy. It Is
built like an iron lighter. Is about 130
feet In length, and will serve as a trans
port, carrying a military balloon* and ita
accessories, and contains the necessary
machinery for producing hydrogen and
maneuvering the balloon. The lighter is
towed by a steamer, which conveys it
from point to point wherever it may be
desired to make an ascension. The crew
consists of two officers and sixteen sail
ors. The balloon itself Is to be used for
obtaining information along the coast in
defense of the latter, and will prove a
valuable adjunct to the usual service of
security and information.
That Russia has ninety war vessels In
Asiatic waters in close proximity to Ko
rea is probably correct as to numbers
but less than one-half of this number
may be classed as fighting ships. Ac
cording to latest accounts the Russian
fleet consisted of seven battleships, three
armored cruisers, two armored gunboats
seven cruisers, eight gunboats, one tor
pedo gunboat and one sloop, a total of
twenty-nine fighting ships. To this l a to
be added about a dozen torpedo-boat de
stroyers and an unknown number of tor-»
pedo-boats. most of which are of little
or no value. The twelve armored vessels
and the cruisers are of new construction
but the gunboats and smaller craft are
old and have no fighting value. Japan
possesses fifteen armored ships, nineteen
cruisers, eleven gunboats, sixteen de
stroyers, seven flrst class and fifty-one
second class torpedo-Boats, a total of 119
which, with the advantage of a home base
shows that the naval strength of Russio
in Oriental waters is considerably infe
rior to that of Japan.
Two tank-steamers are being built on
the Neva for the Russian navy. They
are fitted as distilling ships to supply the
squadron with fresh water, and are to b»
designated Vodolel 1 and 2 (water car
riers 1 and 2). Such vessels were first used
In the United States navy during the re
cent war with Spain. ¦ -
The Russian r.aval programme for 1303
04 provides for the building of five battle
ships of 16,500 tons, and two battleships
on the Black Sea of 12,500 tons. The five
battleships, upon each of which $3,475,000
is to be expended during the current
year, are to have a length of 430 feet.
beam 80 feet and a mean draught of 2»
feet; 18-knot speed and an armament of
four 12'inch. twelve 8-inch and twenty 14
pounders. The armor belt is of 11-lnch
maximum thickness; deck, 2% Inches; gun
protection, 12 Inches to 7 inches. Tho
Black Sea battleships are to be improve
ments on the Kniaz Potemkin Tavrisch
eskl and of 18 knots speed.
• • •
Germany is turning out naval vessela
at a rapid rate, the latest being the
launch of the battleship Hessen. at Kiel.
September IS. Sho was laid down about
a year ago and is to be completed In 1304.
The Hesaen is one of four of the samo
type and general dimensions, having a
displacement of 13,000 tons. 16,000 home
power and 13 knots speed. The armament
consists of four 11-inch, fourteen 6.7-lnch.
twelve 3.4-inch and the usual complement
of small guns, besides six torpedo tubes,
five of which are under water. The esti
mated cost is about $5,7SO,000. including
armament. Two more of the same type
and displacement are to be laid down dur
ing the present year, to be completed In
1906. making a total addition to the navy
of six battleships during the next three
years.
The British armored cruiser Cumber
land. 9800 tens, built by the London and
Glasgow Company, has passed through
her trials without a hitch and consider
ably exceeded the contract requirement.
The eight-hour trial under full power
took place September 2. The ship was
down to a mean draught of 2V-" 2 feet and
fully equipped. With steam at 296 pounds
In her Belleville boilers the engines de
veloped 22,767 horsepower, or 767 horse
power over the contract, giving a speel
of 23.7 knots, an excess of .7 knots over
the calculated speed. The coal consump
tion was 2.01 pounds per horsepower.
Sheerness dockyard is to be utilized as
a special yard for reflts of torpedo ves
sels. Of late years only small craft have
been built at this yard, and no more ves
sels are to be laid down.
The shipbuilding programme of tha
British navy for 1903-4 includes forty war
vessels of all types, divided as follows:
Three battleships, four armored cruisers,
three cruisers, four scouts, fifteen de
stroyers, ten submarine boats and cna
river gunboat. No particulars of size,
speed, armament and cost of this fleet
have yet been made public, except as to
! the battleships, which are to be Improve
ments upon the five ships of the King
i Edward VII class now under construc
tion: The new ships are of 1S,<*X) tons,
nineteen knots sv>ee&, armor Kit ten
inches Krupp steel and an armament of
four 12-inch, eight 9.2-lnch and iwelve 6
inch. The corresponding particulars of
the King Edward VII are: 16.350 tons dis
placement, 1S.5 knots speed, 9-inch Krupp
armor belt and an armament of four 12
inch, four 9.2-inch and ten 6-lnch. These
new battleships, which will probably be
completed before 190S, will asaln give
Great Britain the most powerful ships
afloat, an advantage temporarily held by
the United States in the Louisiana and
Connecticut and three others now under
construction. The American ships have
reached the limit of size In a displace
ment of 16,000 tens, on a draught of 23
feet 9 inches, on -which they carry four
12-inch, eight S-inch and twelve 7-inch
guns. Their speed is calculated at IS
knots, or one knot less than the British
ships, a sacrifice necessitated on account
of the disproportionate heavy battery.
Great Britain's outlay on new construc
tion during seventeen years, from 1SS7 to
date, foots up to J506.830.000, against the
combined expenditures of France and
Russia for the same object of $505,125,000.
The several classes of vessels authorized
to be built for the British navy during this
period number 402 In all, consisting of 43
battleships, 32 armored cruisers, 13 first
class cruisers, 65 second and third class
cruisers, 18 torpedo gunboats, 123 destroy
ers, 12 scouts, 23 torpedo-boats, 22 sloops or
gunboats, 11 river gunboats and 13 sub
marine boats. Of this total number one
second-class cruiser and two destroyers
have been lost at sea.
The personnel in the British is now
more than double of what it was fifteen
years ago. In 1SSS the number was 62,400,
now It is 127,100. The highest number in
the past was 146,312 In 1810, during the
Napoleonic war. The highest figures in
the navy estimates during that war was
in 1814, when they amounted to niT,500,
000, an enormous sum for a country of
18,000,000 people. The cost of the navy
was then 16 per cent of the value of the
British sea-borne trade, and at the pres
ent time, with navy estimates of $172,
000.000, it 'is only 2 per cent of that trade.
It is true Mayor Schmitz can no longer pretend,
save by effrontery, to be the representative or even
the friend of union labor, nor indeed the friend or rep
resentative of anything beyond the Ruef machine
and the discontented masses that are willing to accept
it. His record since his election has been that of a
lightning change amateur. Hardly had he learneJ of
his election when he wrote effusive thanks, not to the
leaders of the Labor party and to the workingmen
who had been deluded into supporting him, but to
Abe Rucf and to such malcontent Republicans as
had followed Ruef. A little later he declared himself
a Republican and then almost immediately hastened
away to New York to support a Democratic candi
date for Congress.
As the intelligence of the workingmen of the city
may naturally be expected to guard them against
being deceived into supporting Schmitz and Ruef a
second time it may be assumed in some quarters that
the machine is no longer dangerous. Such assump
tions, however, must not be* blindly trusted. There
is blazing and blaring evidence all over town that
Schmitz and Ruef have money to burn in electric
lights arSi to blow to the winds through trombones
and trumpets. An element in the city that is power
ful enough to furnish so much in the way of a cam
paign fund for a discredited administration and a pair
of jack-o'-lantern politicians is an element powerful
enough to be dangerous.
A union of the conservative elements of the city is
therefore imperative, and that union to be effective
must be organized behind Henry J. Crocker. The
Democratic party is hopelessly divided. Any one
who watches the campaign can see a hundred evi
dences almost daily that the Hearst wing of the
party is going to knife Lane, partly to get him out of
politics and partly to make a showing that will seem
ingly justify their assertion that he is looked upon as
a tool of McNab, "the avowed enemy of labor," as
the Examiner styled him. The only possible way
then to defeat the Schmitz-Ruef or the "Ritz-
Schmuef combintfion is to vote for Henry J.
Crocker. That is the plain issue. Now let the people
go to it.
BY the developments of the campaigning for the
week that closed on Saturday night the domi
nant issue of the time was brought plainly
into public view. The ratification meetings of the
three parties with the speeches of the candidates for
Mayor and for other important offices outlined the
programme of each party, while the character of the
audiences assembled at the different gatherings
served to reveal the nature of the forces that are back
of each. Other events, meetings and speeches of the
week tended to further clear up the situation and re
move every confusing elejnent. We begin the second
week of the campaign therefore with an accurate con
ception of the situation. Every intelligent voter now
knows that the task imposed upon our citizenship at
this juncture is that of saving San Francisco from
the menace of class politics and from incompetent and
perhaps corrupt administration.
The lesson of the last municipal election remains
fresh in the memory of conservative men of both the
great parties and of all classes of the people. If the
conservative elements be divided we shall again see
a triumph of a faction that is ostensibly working in
the interests of a single class, but whose record in of
fice proves it to be working for^the selfish purposes
of a few individuals who are really as regardless of the
interests of the workingmen whose votes they ob
tained as they pretend to be of the interests of the
corporations they denounced. If that sort of politics is
to be rebuked, if that kind of administration is to be
discarded, there must be on the part of all citizens who
are opposed to the Schmitz-Ruef machine a har
monious movement toward the election of Mr.
Crocker and of his colleagues on the Republican
ticket.
THE SITUATION CLEARS
COAST EPISCOPALIANS INDORSE
THE SELECTION OF NEW BISHOP
tacked him with extreme bitterness, the people see
now clearly the Tightness of his position, and those
who have gone on biting at the trust bait against
his warning have only themselves to thank for their
predicament.
FOUR HUNDRED
WARSHIPS FLY
BRITAIN'S FLAG
THB SAN FBAKCISCO CALL, MONDAT, OCTOBER 12, 1903.
6The revenue cutter McCulloch sailed yester
day for Puget Sound, having In tow the Arcata.
the revenue tender recently built by W. A.
Boole. The Arcata Is to be stationed at Port
Townsend and will be used on Puget Sound
for boarding service.
McCulloch Leaves With Arcata.
The management of the San Francisco
Gas and Electric Company announces
that by special arrangement the cars now
stop opposite its office at 415 Post street. •
George Vander. 18 years old, made a novel
escape from the American bark Homeward
Bound yesterday afternoon. The lad had
shipped on the vessel, and as It was ion lta
way out to the heads he procured a tub and.
lowering himself over U»e aide of the boat,
swam around till he was finally picked up by
the tug- Resolute and taken back to port. He
says the mate of the bark cursed and abused
him. . ¦
Sailor Jumps Overboard.
Whatever hopes remained cf the- prospect for
saving the British ship Glfford were sent to
smash yesterday by the waves, which battered
the rand trapped derelict. At sundown only
part of the foremast was standing:. The other
masts one by one succumbed to the Jar of the
ocean's bombardment, and as they fell made
havoc of the ship's stout hull. The decks
were awash all of yesterday, the bulwarks have
disappeared and what Is left of the Gifford is
only an Iron shell, which every hour Is becom
ing more firmly Imbedded In the treacherous
tand.
Gifford Going to Pieces.
If you will order your engraved Imita
tions, announcements, visiting carda and
fine stationery from us you will get the
best work and the lowest prices. Sanborn,
Vail & Co., 741 Market street. •
Stationery and Printing.
They succeeded in clutching him and
dragging him to dry land. The accident
happened some distance below the Cliff
House and the lad. drenched and covered
with sand, walked up to one of the beach
resorts and was provided with sufficient
money to carry him into town. ; •
Gaston Berkaut, a cook's helper, 16 years
of age, had a fierce battle with the waves
at the ocean beach yesterday. He was
sitting on the shore when he was picked
up by a large breaker and carried ocean
ward.- For some time he was tossed about
in the water and had it not been for the
assistance rendered by several, spectators
the lad would have lost his life.
Young Berkaut has not been in the coun
try very long. Since his arrival he has
been employed in a Bush-street restau
rant. He lost his job yesterday morning
and went out to the beach to think over
his ill fortune. After rambling up and
down the shore for some time he became
weary and sat down on a small rock that
protruded from the sand close to the wa
ter's edge. For a time all went well, the
splash reaching his feet at times, but he
seemed beyond the reach of danger.
Suddenly a giant wave approached and
Berkaut did not realize his peril until it
was upon him. He had no time to escape,
for in an instant he was submerged and
when the water receded he was swept out
with it. He struggled bravely against
drowning. .He was tossed about, but the
strength of the breakers lifted him from
his feet each time he sought to gain a
place, of safely. His cries attracted the
attention of several people who were in
the neighborhood and two strangers went
to his assistance.
Gaston Berkaut* Meets With
Strange Accident at
Ocean Beach.
Cook's Helper Has Nar
row Escape From
Drowning.
LAD IS PICKED
UP BY BREAKER
FROM SEATTLE.
Pteamer. For. ~ S_fi«7
Oregon Nome oet 1_
City Topeka.. Skagway & Way Port... Oct' 13
Farallon.. gkagway A Way Ports.. Oct 14
Cottage City.. Pkagway & Way Ports.. Oct. 14
Dolphin Fkajrway & Way Ports.. Oct 16
Santa Ana.... Coka Inlet & Way Ports. Oct! 16
Al-Kl .... 8kagway & Way Ports. . Oct. 16
City Seattle... Skagway & Way Ports.. Oct 20
Nome City.... Cooks Inlet & Way Portgjoctl 22
Sun, Moon and Tide.
tnited States Coast and Geodetic Survev
Time and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The hlfh and low waters occur at
the city front (MlsFlon-street wharf, about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; th« helsht
of tide is the same at both places. ¦
MONDAY. OCTOBER 12.
Sun rises . 6:15
Sun «t» ......5:33
Moon rises... iq :2 7 p. m.
<? ITimel • (Time! JTlme] ITlmel
1 I 1 Ft. J 1 Ft. 1 Kt. ! 1 Ft.
? IH W| fL w( )H Wf |L Wf
12 I 4:30 4.5| 9:17 3.11 3:2$ 5.1 10:16 0~8
13(5:35 4.«I1O:3B 3.1(4:26 4.9 11:24 0*4
14 I 6-3« 4.7Hl:5rt 2.9! 0:43 4.8
|L W |H W /• |L TV H W
15 I 0:2(5 0.51 7:30 4.01 1:04 2.4 «:59 4 8
18 1:23 0.6 8:lfl ,B.2l 2:04 1.0 8:10 5*0
17 j 2:20 O.E| 9:00 5.5J 2:57 l.S 9:16 5.1
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
thr early morning tides are given in th* left
hand column and the_successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time: the
fourth time column gives the last tides of tfie
day. except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given Is subtracted from the depth given by
the hearts. The plane of reference la the mean
of the lower low waters.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
October 12.
C. Nelson.' Los Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 2
Eureka Humboldt 2 pm Pier 13
Bonita Newport & Way Pts 8 am Pier 10
N. Fork Humboldt.. 5 pm Pier ¦ 2
G. Dollar... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
I October 13.
Phoenix Mendoclno City.... 1 pm Pier 13
Arcata..... Coos B. & Pt.OrfOrd 10 am Pier 13
Argo Eel River Ports.... 4 pm Pier 2
Pomona. . . . Humboldt ......... 1 :30 p Pier 9
Queen Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier' »
Rival Wllla pa Harbor.... A pm Pier 2
tlliance.... Eureka A Coos Bay ...... Pier, 16
amoa J Los Angeles Ports. 9 am Pier 2
October 14. I |
Chlco Coqullle River f fl pm|Pirr 2
TO SAIL.
Steamer. From. Due.
Chas. Nelson. Fortland & Astoria Oct. 12
Phoenlx/T Mendoclno Oct. 12
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. Oct. 12
Coronado Grays Harbor. Oct. 12
State of Cal... Ran Diego & Way Ports Oct. \'i
G. W. Elder.. Portland A Astoria Oct. 12
Lakme Saji Pedro Oct.- 12
Centennial Seattle . & Tacoma Oct. 13
Coos Bay Swi Pedro &. Way PortslOct. 13
Alameda J Honolulu Oct. 1.1
Chlco Coquille River Oct. 13
UanJa Seattle Oct. 13
Ean Pedro Grays Harbor Oct. 14
City Puebla. .. Puget Sound Ports Oct. 14
Corona Humboldt Oct. 14
Eureka Humboldt Oct. 14
Santa Rosa... San Diego ft Way Ports Oct. 15
Point Arena. . Mendoclno & Pt. Arena. jOct. 15
Barracouta... New York via /"ana ma. Oct. 15
Rainier Seattle & Whitcom.... Oct. 15
S.Monica.... Grays Harbor Oct. 16
Arcala Coos Bay A Port Orford Oct. 17
Bcnlta Newport A Way Ports. Oct. 17
Columbia • Portland & Astoria Oct. 17
North Fork... Humboldt ' Oct. 18
Isis Seattle Oct. IS
Mariposa Tahiti Oct. IS
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports Oct. 19
Sierra Sydney. & Way Ports. . Oat . in
Acapulco New York via Panama. Oct. 21
Ramses Hamburg A Way Ports. Oct. 21
J. Dollar Seattle & Tacoma Oct. '21
Coptic China A. Japan [Oct. 23
Movements of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE
NEW YORK— Arrived Oct 11— Stmr Blue
cher, from Hamburg, Southampton and Cher
bourg; stmr Columbia, from Glasgow and.Mo-
Ville.
MALIN HEAD— Passed Oct 11— Stmr Lake
Erie, from Montreal, for Liverpool.
TORRY HEAD— Passed Oct 11— Stmr Pom
eranian, from Montreal, for Glasgow.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Oct 11— Stmr Arabic,
from New York, via Queenstown.
LIZARD— Passed Oct II— Stmr Zeeland,
from Xew York, for Antwerp; stmr Ryndam.
from Rotterdam and Boulogne-Sur-Mer, for
New York.
CHERBOURG— Arrived Oct 11— Stmr Bar
barossa. from New York, via Plymouth, for
Hamburg, and proceeded.
MOVILLE — Arrived Oct 11 — Stmr Ionian,
from Montreal, for Liverpool, and proceeded.
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Oct 11— Stmr Um
brla, from Liverpool, for New York.
OCEAN STEAMERS
Arctic Humboldt 5 pm Pier 10
¦ October IB.
Btate of Cal San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Coronado... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
N. Maru.... China & Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
O. W. Elder Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
October 1«.
Coos Bay. . . San Pedro & Way. . 0 am Pier 19
Corona Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 0
B.Monica.. Los Angeles Ports. 0 am Pier 2
October IT.
Ban Jose N. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 10
Alameda... Honolulu 2 pm Pier 7
Callfornlan. New York 3 pm Pier 23
Pt. Arena.. ] Point Arena....... 4 pm Pier 2
San Pedro. . Humboldt 10 am Pier °
October 18.
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 0
Centennial.. Seattle A Tacoma.. . 10 am Pier 2
October 2O.
Uarda. Hamburg Way Pts
Rainier Seattle & Whatcom 4 pm Piir'io
Columbia... Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
October ii'Jt.
S. Portland. Astoria & Portland. 6 pmlPler •>
October 2& ] . - "
Siberia .... China & Japan [ 1 pm|Pier 40
Umatilla... Puget Sound Ports. Ill am|Pier 8
HONOLULU— Sailed Oct 11— Br eunr Iris,
°HONOIPU— Sailed Oct 11— Schr Defender,
for San Francisco.. . '
days 8 hour* 34 minuee. via Honolulu 5 days
4 houis 13 minutes.
£tmr Arcata. Nelson, SI hour« from Coes
Bay. via Pert Orford.
Stmr Minecla, Kirkwood, 110 houn from Ta
coma.
Stmr Brooklyn. Walvig, 17 hours from Fort
Bragg; bound south; put In to land passengers.
U t> strr.r Thetis. Haley, from Victoria and
Seattle; Sausalito direct.
Br ehip Alclnous. McCormaigh, €7 days from
Newcastle, Australia.
Bark Palmyra. Peterson, 11 days from Port
Gamble.
Bktn S N Cattle, Nllson, 1SV4 days from
Honolulu.
Schr Ivy. Jensen. 7 days from Coos Bay.
Schr Mary C. Campbell. 9 hours from Bo
dega.
SAILED.
Saturday. October 10.
Stmr G C LJndauer, Allen. Grays Harbor.
Sunday, October 11.
Etmr South Portland. Mclntyre. A-'torla.
Stmr fcanta Rosa, Alexander, San Diego.
Ftmr James Dollar. Thwtne. Seattle.
Stmr Whitesboro. Fosen. Greenwood.
Rlir.r Scotia. Erickson. Bowens Landing.
Stmr laiua. BonMeld, Eureka.
Stmr Arctic. Reiner, Monterey.
Stmr P.edor.do. Krog. San Pedro.
V S stmr Hugh McCulloch. Coulson. Seattle.
T.' S stmr Arcata. Dodge. Seattle, in tow U S
ctnr McCulloch.
Br ship Blackbraes. Newnliam. London.
Bark Homeward Bound. Thompson. Antwerp.
Bktn Fullerton. Drlgmin, Kihel.
OUTSIDE. BOT."ND IN. 12 MIDNIGHT.
Schrs K S Redfleld and Repeat.
TFXEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Oct 11, 10 o m— Weather
hazy; wind SW. velocity 8 mllea per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
T A TOO5H— Passed In Oct 11 — Stmr San Ma
teo. hence Oct £: bktn Katie Fllcklnger. from
Ean Pedro. f*>r Tacoma; echr Mildred, hence
,f>pt 27, for Whatcom; Nor stmr Hero, hence
Oct 7, for l>adysmlth.
PORT TOWNSEND— Sailed Oct 11— Bktn
Skagit. fcr San Francisco.
Arrived Oct 11 — Ship BenJ F Packard, from
Whatcom.
Passed !n Oct 11 — Ger stmr Isis. fmn Nt
naimo: thin St Francis, from Dutch Harbor.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Oct 11— Stmr Brook
lyn, for San Pedro.
SEATTLR-Salled Oct 11— Stmr City of Se
attle, for 8an Francisco.
Arrived Oct 11— Stmr Umatllla. from San
Francisco.
WHAT' OM— Balled Oct 11— Stmr Rainier,
for San Francisco.
TACOMA— Sailed Oct 11— Ship BenJ F Pack
ard, for Philadelphia.
SOI'TH BEND— Sailed Oct 11— Schr Faus*
llto. fcr Fan Pedro.
ABERDEEN'— Arrived Oct 11— Stmr Centra
lla. hence Oct S; «chr Taurus, hence Sept 27.
COOS BAV— Arrived Sept 11— Stmr Czarina,
hence Fept 9. [1
EITREKA— Arrived Oct 11— Stmr Corona,
hence Oct 10; stmr Alliance, from Coos Bay.
Sailed Oct 11— Schr John A. for San Fran
cisco
RE DON DO— Arrived Oct 11— Schr Irene,
frcm Columbia River.
ISLAND PORTS.
ple of King Solomon's Ludge No.
MO. F. and A. M-, at Its new building
s!te, Fillmcre etreet, near gutter.
This ledge held its first meeting Janu
ary £7, iSSO, at Hamilton Hall, with twen
ty-two members, A. F. Knorp being its
first worshipful master. Of these mem
bers very few are now alive, all of the
officers having passed away. William
Parker Filmer is the present worshipful
master. King Solomon's Lodge has al
ways stood in the first rank in Masonic
THE most important event in Ma
sonic circles In San Francisco for
some time will be the laying to
day of the cornerstone of the tem-
At 11 o'clock this morning the members
of King Solomon's Lodge and visiting
brethren will assemble and with the
Grand Lodge, California Commandery,
Th£ new temple will be a handsome
structure, designed of brick and etone,
five stories In height, occupying the en?
tire lot, 50x100 feet. The basement is fit
ted for a banquet hall. The second floor
will be used for a lodge hall. Th6 upper
floor will be -devoted to King Solomon's
Lodge and other Masonic lodges and bod
ies, with parlors, ante-rooms, organ loft
and every necessary convenience for
these purposes. The rear portion of the
building will be fitted up as a social hall
for the use of Masonic bodies.
The idea of building a temple in the
Western Addition was started some years
ago. A more central or better location
could not be found than Fillmore street,
between Sutler and Post. The building
is being erected under the supervision of
Architect Fred B. Wood, a member of the
lodge, who has designed as handsome a
structure as will be- found in the Western
Addition.
circles and has now a membership of
more than 400.
Every Masonic 16dge in the jurisdiction,
all worshipful .masters and wardens and
the most prominent Masons have been in
vited «to attend this celebration.
will proceed In procession under direction
of Major George Kilmer,' marshal, to the
site of the building, where the worship
ful master, William P. Filmer, after mak
ing; the opening address, will present to
the most worshipful grand master, Orrin
S. Henderson, a suitably inscribed trowel.
Following that will be the usual Ma
sonic ceremonies incident to the laying
of a cornerstone, interspersed . with or
gan and vocal music.
It is the Intention of King Solomon's
Lodge to make this an auspicious occa
sion. The officers of the lodge are: Wil
liam Parker Filmer, worshipful master;
George W. Lake, senior warden; Clarence
T. Cleve, junior warden; Harry Baehr,
secretary: Benjamin F. Jellison, treas
urer: Samuel B. Stevenson, senior dea
con; George W. Davis, junior deacon;
Ira S. Hobbs, marshal; Fred A. Earle,
senior steward; Edward A. Janssen, Jun
ior steward; A. A. Batkin, organist;
George C. Dawson. tyler; William P. Fil
mer, B. F. Jellison, Harry Baehr, trus
tees. . . • - '''".-.
SPLENDID TEMPLE THAT WILL BE THE FUTURE HOME OF KING
SOLOMON'S LODGE. F. AND A. M.. AND MEMBERS OF ORDER WHO
WILL ASSIST IN LAYING OF STRUCTURE'S CORNERSTONE.
Stmr Siberia. Pmith. 20 ri ayB , 3 honn , 47
mlnuUE from Hongkong, via Yokohama 15
The Pacific Mail Coxapaay's hig liner
Siberia, Captain J. Tremalr.c Smith, ar
ri\«-<j late >«"!sterd3y afternoon with 402
pBM^r.^rrs! end 5311 tons of cargo. She
»&* <xpect*d ?•arly in tho day, but failed
to ruakf the looked-for time. From Hon>?
kong fhc was S) days 13 hours, 15 days 5
hours 2i minutes from Yokohama and
from Honolulu :. day* 3 hours.
Th« Siberia brought a valuable cargo.
which included the largest shipment of
opftUB ever brought to this port. Of the
porr>" drug the liner's hold held 709 cases.
Th^-se rontaintvl SW&tt pounds, on which
l'!.<-!e Sam toSltcts $174,414 duty, and
Ti-hsch when thf> Outy is paid will bo
worth on the market $465,104. In th*» cargo
was also a large 5hipm*>nt of raw silk— 831
it— valued at nbout tSM,O0L There
1 were also rolls of matting tad 19.3.^
Fchests of tea. From Honolulu were
brought twe&tjr-tYO cases of Hawafian
silver to he recoined. and valued at E£/>00.
• Captain O. F. Fisher, who is well known
.<iere. returried on the Siberia. H«" went
to the Orient more than a year ago to
tok* command of a revenue cuttpr. but
lias lately been inspector of hulls at
Manila. He has returned on account of
his health. J. P. Flynn of Los Angelas
• am*> up from Honolulu on tti* 1 liner.
fTynn is a farmer, and po popular did he
nak« himself during his short stay on
hoard that hr was prf*t-r,ir><i with a gold
en souvenir by his fellow passengers.
Thf Siberia'? passergers included the
following named:
Fr- m Hengkon(r*-Maj"r General Pir William
<:+t*>c.Kt>f; };. C. M. <;.. and valet; Lady Hei»n
<tc«'0i|;ne and maid; Ml?* Ma Ellis, Samuel
¦"MtlJigac. r..-i . -. O. Fi^her. Fred Roth. Mrs.
I red lioth and infant. Mrs. C. Cotternmn. L.
< V'ttermi.r., Mrs. Nana «'otterman. Fr*d
V«n Fju-ikirk. <'han (vu^nit Foo, i^hen ring.
'Nf Too ChoTv-. Nt Ves. Mrs. W. E^Jmondit and
infant*. Henry Savace I^andor. Charles A.
'M;:r. Mrc. \'. Skidmcre.
Alfrel RrlsbeL Chu N'.r.how,
<hu Puhwsne, Woo Nalmeh. A. Rosenthal,
A. Count. Ur«. R. Walter. Dr. R. F. Weir.
Mrf. il. W. \V>lr. Mif* Enid AUlen. Mrs. M.
I's-f-ops. Mr*. C. Strend, F. P. Hudson.
Nacdiski — Lifute«ant Th*-i«3ore . Numakoff.
• 2lrs. L. Ivotenskieff and daughter.
"Kol*— Martin S-haw. B. Yerda. K. H. Olm
tsuad.
• YokehaRpa— A. W>«cn and wife. J. W. Fer
»t!it>-n and t«o servants, J. O. Averlll, C <\
V.iestris. Mrs. C. Cable, F. H. Mocrs and
i'<\ Mis? \>ra G. M^ors. B. H mima, J. H.
'.'¦¦wilt and vvif«.
Honolulu — F. M. "'rehor* and wife. Mise
b'.t.yl Crtbcr*'. Mies H. "'arrischalt. B. C. Doyie.
I". J. Raven, Miss E. A. t'hattuck. J. F. Brun-«.
•Ue and ch',13. Miss H. Mclnermy. Mrs. W.
•A. Henfhall and son. Mi*s Jay Richardson.
Mis-g <\ L>w:ght. J. P. Flynn. Mis» A. M. Jchn
*on. Miss G. M. Lander, Miss E. D. Paynter.
Mies A. C. UadlSlB. Dr. J. F. McDonald." Wii-
Imni Moon. A. A. Gashin. Miss C. A. Tre
¦»eryan. Mrs. J. Br«rr. Un>. O. Urandt. H.
Wj-.anrhe, F. L. Lowett. Mrs. A. Hutrhm
*cn tnd !uj:i. H. L. Hall. «\ C. Vaughen and
wife. A. C. Ridgeway W. B. Allen, wife and
rhild, E. J. I>*. ilr*. J. C Wateer and child
Mrs. H. H. Zeare; Jlits W. D. Brunton. A. L.
"Young. P. M. Cortnell. Mrs. C W. Rugg. S.
IIi.--r.burg. <•. ii. Haphagen. J. A. Knight.
J. C. Oark. M. Keohetntoke. Miss B. A. Wolf.
«i. F. Caftle. Dr. K. W. Walster. F. S. Mun
vel!, R. V. Dennlson, A. Herbert. B. Peterson,
• 'A. G. Schtlgel, Prince J. K. Ivatanianaete,
wife 8nd maid. Dr. Huir.r.hreys, F. A. Nicoll.
«
Sheridan's Passengrers Land
. TTt- «rtr>- trtmnport Sheridan. Captain Pea
l»>dr. which bttI- ed Saturday night from Ma
'r.:la. was released from quarantine early yes
terdny morning and after transferring her
troops to the Presidio wae docked at Fol&om
i-lrr-fl wharf. She was 17 days coming from
Napatxki and _5 days from Manila. Fine
wVathcr was encountered throughout the pas
fage, and Captain Pea body, aji usual, brought
-hie ehlji into port looking like a well-kept
Mieht.
; The fr'heridan brought up 1!J» first-class pas
.fengcrs. The remainder of the 1I6C» »ouls she
<amed across the Pacific vac divided as fol
lows: Kick in hospital. £ft; enlisted men First
favairy. 157; Fifth Cavalry. 2:»5; Sixth Cav.
aJry. 1ST; Catted State* Marine Corps. 206;
c_*uale, Ot: civilians. _0; discharged men,
*S: ceneral rntontrf, 29.
Among the r'turninn: officers was _ieuten
>»m K. T. Hazard, who won his commission in
y* regular anry through the rhare he had
t* HU Genere! Fur.ston 1st the capture c<
Agulnaldo. Another passenger was Oeorg*
V'urr;-\ who. dfcy&ite his iau_ of official title,
if- uuit» a distinguished figure in the Phillp
nw administration. He was one of President
yosftvelfi Rough nider? and until recently
r_? <:tiitf of Police of Manila. After a few
months' re»=t in thie country- he returns to the
orient as Civil Governor of the crovjnee of
Windar.ao. Aixong the returning lieutenants
•nag P. H. ShrrMan Jr.. son of the famous
g'nfrnl. The following officer* of the general
.naff returned on the Sheridan: Colonel John
.Haker: Lieutenant Colonels W. A. Simpaon
end H. P. ilr'^am; Major W. A. Mann and
< eptains W. tv. Gibson. W. c. RiT-ers and R
E. L. Michie.
Tlie cabin passenger* Trere:
Lieutenant Colonel F. K. Ward. Lieuter.aat
foicnel F. V. Rob-rscn and uife. Mls« Hender
•cn. SItJoni A. E PolVmus. C. M Gandy J.
R. Hickey. Gecrg* H. Ros-h. TV W. Day' J
CZ Gresham, W. P. Abercromble and family.
Charles W. Tsylcr. J. s. Mallorj'. J. A. Emery
? •harles H. »«tts. F. K. Cole and family c!
S. Radford: Captiiins E. F. Wllcox. E. F. Bry
• rf. A. C. Manomh. F. II. Ftfdraan, I,, g. Hou
«ie« and «ife. J. A. Cole and wife. S. F. Bal
km. H. Linsley end family. H. J. Goldman and
farclly. B. F. Hardawey. A. C. Nissen G. M.
Trltchard Jr.. A. C. !Lott and wife. \V. 'p Val
*r.t:r.e; Lieutenants W. E. W. McKinlay, J. C
Raymond. R. C. Fct. A. H. McClure. E. Foley'
John McOIinuvk and wife, R. T. Hazard and
family. J. H. L»-wifc. F. P. Amo*, V. D Dlxon
. 1- Foerster. R. N. Noland and wife, B. a'
Mead and wife. T\'. H. Rodney. M. W. « "lover
Georse W. Crabtree. P. H. f-herldan. J. T. But
•terU-k. 1- G. 8tr>k*r. J. M. Harvard. O. Lin
r.injrer. P. J. HrnmiMt. B. L. Roscoe T A
Bothwell. H. H. I'nim. F. B Griffith. Captain
r. A. Cram a.nd fa:r.j!y. Mrs. C. F. Dickereon
and chilfl. John Bogjrar. C. P. Daly. J. Brixon
>fr». S. Peterson and chMd. Mm. N. McDonaki
«nd child. Georre <"urry. J. Speier, Seldon B
Arr.ot. William P. Piersrm. Mr*. Mary B HalU
Mj«* Mary O. Purvis. Mr* F. Wells G H"
rr.artrirht. MrF. A. A. *W.k»r Ml«s Maud
Flint. LJMitenant* Oc»r Foley and A B Doclt
•ry. Lieutenant Colonel J. N. Alison and fami-
Iv. Major Henry Kirby and wife, c artaln h C
*7i»Tr.eT7t. Lieutenant C. F. Msr-tin and wife c'
<• ".rfhm.
«
Arrives From Australia
» 1 n^ rsnusn snip ajciiiouis —rriven y*M»nJajr.
/" <!»>* from N'ewca»tl<», Australia. sh*
kjrousht 7*00 tona of coal. Among y W t»rtii>-|
• rnviilt were mere than a. dor^n coasting
stcaTB«:rc.
Thetis H€turns From North
ir,' Lrjt»i Mat»* rpvenu* cutter Thnis,
Captain H*z'.y. arrived yrtleri&y from Pu*»t
Bound. *h#-r<' rh* ppent (several weeka aftei
h*r return from h»r Alaska cruise.
Shipping: Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Sunday. October 11.
6trrr Eureka. .Wt* n . 23 hour* from Eurekt.
fitair Rival, McC!rrr.«>nte, Pi hours from Wil
ls pa Harhcr.
toH« mi " p " >mlf *' A M*tJroni. 02 hour* from As
r- * tm JL Bruntwlck. Johnixm. 15 hoar, from
T-klT r * J ° m(:mai 6 *'* n »«>. 21 bour» from Eu-
F<mr Pbornix. Odland. 1« hour* from Men
i£Tk«S__. Cnx - Gi ' lov » 12 hour « trom
Ftair Franrls II Ls-rgm. Jah*is*n. 24 houra
frora Ecr«Ha.
Stmr Redcndo. I^r-j. 25 houre from Eureka;
bound south; put In for passengers
Stmr Ia<;i:_. Jicnlfield. 23 houm 'from Ea
r*ka; bound south; put in fr.r passengers
StI 2 r , Ar « iC# R ' In '' r - - houre from Eureka:
bound for Monterey : r>ut in to land pacs*ncer«
Rive? 1 " Arr °' Dunham - *' 7 houra from &i
Big Liner Arrlvss From the
Orient With 400 Pas
sengers.
«.
.Freight Includes Raw
Siikand Opium Worth
a Million.
SIBERIA BRINGS
A RICH CARGO
CORNERSTONE FOR NEW MASONIC
TEMPLE WILL BE PLACED TO-DAY
King Solomon's Lodge, Attended by Visiting Members as Escort, Will Take
Charge of Elaborate Ceremonies That Will Mark Commencement of
Work on Structure That Is to Be Future Home of This Fraternal Body
THE SAN FKAKCJSCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 12. 1903.
7
_J_CUSE_IENTS.
HAVE YOU HEARD THE VERDICT?
BROKE ALL RECORDS LAST WEEK.
SECON'D WEEK BEGINS TO-NIGHT.
| THE F»/\ K»/\D ;RS j
BEYOND QUESTION THE CLEVEREST.
THE FUNNIEST, THE MOST
GORGEOUS.
Our "All-Star" Cast. Including
KOLB AND DILL.
BARNEY BERNARD.
WINFIELD BLAKE,
HARRY HERMSEN.
MAUDE AMBER.
ELEANOR JENKINS.
Reserved Seat*— Nights. 25c. 50c ant! 7Se,
Saturday and Sunday Matinees. 25c and 50c:
Children at Matlneea. 10c and 25c.
I ¦VULI HOUSE.
uS^&srsr&x?* mt s 8harp> Sat -
TO-NIGHT
Wednesday. Friday and Saturday NiKhta.
Ambrolse Thomas' Romantic Opera,
"miGisoN"
Marcheslni. Tromben. Tedeschi. Trava_Iinl.
Tuesday, Thursday and Sunday Nights, Satur-
day Matinee,
GREAT DOUBLE BILL.
Mascarni's Masterpiece.
"Cavallerla Rustlcana"
D« Benedetto, Agostini. Zanlni.
and Leoncavallo* a Lyrtc Drama,
"I PAGLIflCCI"
De Spada, Ischierdo. Gregorettl. Borghess.
PRICES AS USUAL— 25c. SOc. 75c.
Telephone Bush 9.
Belasco _ Mayer, Proprietors.
Market st.. Near Eighth. Phone South 533.
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAT.
Hoyt's Most Famous Comedy-Drama.
A MIDNIGHT BELL
Presenting the Eminent Comedian,
L. R. STOCKWELL
In Ills Great Original Character of
DEACON TIOD. '
Brilliant Cast! Matmlflcent Seeaary!
DDirEC Evenings 10c to BOc
milLO Matinees 10c, 13c. 33c
Monday. October IS— "RANCH 10."
ALCAZAR^mT
General Manager.
TO-NIGHT— Opening of the
NEW ALCAZAR STOCK COMPANY
With ADELE BLOCK. JAMES DURKIN,
FRANCES STARR and JOHN B. MAHEH.
First Tims Here of Flnero'a Comedy Drama.
Lady Bountiful
An Exquisite Production.
Erg.. 25c to 75c; Mats. Sat. _ Sun.. 15c to BOc
MATINEE NEXT SUNDAY.
Next Mon. — Clyde Fitch's Comedy Drama,
THE COWBOY AND THE LADY.
FISCHER AND WACXEB,
AND A GREAT SHOW EVERY AFTERNOON
AND EVENING IN THE THEATER.
-"-Inspect "CABARET DE LA MORT."
—VISIT THE "MYSTIC MIRROR MAZE."—
Lion Slaying Baboon in the Zoo.
LOTS OF FUN IN THE PENNY ARCADE.
AMATEUR NIGHT THURSDAY.
ADMISSION, 10c; CHILDREN. 5c.
Whtn Phoning Ask for "The Chates."
aoscsuA-rcoirs Assxisjaaam.
=COTTLOW=---
The Great Pianiste.
BLUMENFELD, Violinist. ¦
Lyric Hall, ToMorrow and Tluwday Kig_ti,
Saturday Mat-tea
•Reserved Seats. 75c. $l.GO. 51-50 at Shermaa.
Clay _ Co.'a.
Friday Night, Unitarian C__rci, Oakland
AMUSEMENTS.
C 0 L U WfM I A wmwm
SECOND AND LAST WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
"Wed. Nteht — Third Anniversary.
THE WORLD'S MUSICAL HIT.
"With the Number One N. T. Co.
GREAT BEAUTT SEXTETTE.
LAST TIME NEXT SUNDAY NIGHT.
Beginning NEXT MONDAY?
...ROBERT EDBSON...
In Richard Harding: Davis'
SOLDIERS OF FORTUNE.
Stage Version by Augustus Thomas.
SEATS READY THURSDAY.
, MONSTER ~NEW SHOW!
Colombino; Sisters Bappo; Three
Crane Brothers; Wallace Brown-
low; A. P. Bostow; Wood and Bay;
Clayton White and Marie Stuart
Company; Pantzer Trio and Gold-
en Qate Quartet and Fanny Win-
fred.
Reserved Seats. ... .25c]Balcony 10c
Box Seat* and Oacra Chairs 50c
jfALjIFORNIAI
I II TO-NIGHT— A WEEK OF #"%|
1 HILARITY. -» V
The Noted Comedian,
EDWARD GARVIE
In Broadhurst's Latest Musical Farce,
MR. JOLLY OF JOLI ET
Furious fun— a superb cast — pretty
girls — stunning gowns and all the new
song hits.
n-n NEXT— "IN OLD KEN- | Mm
1| TUCKY." * {[^|
HEATRUI
GRAND %£&
Only Cleopatra Matinee Next Saturday.
EVERYBODY DELIGHTED!
TO-NIGHT--AII the Week
The Burlesque Extravaganza.
CLEOPATRA
Bothwell Browne as Cleopatra. .
ifA CLEVER CHILDREN 1£A
IDU IN THE CAST IDU
A Bnewiibn of Entertaining HitiIUm
DDtrEC Evenlnjra lfic. 25c. «V. 75e
rKlWC- Matinees 16c. 25c. SOc
Beginning Nixt Buniiy XatiaM
THE CHBIETIAH
BTMiiT_itfl_i .1 '7li_ffif ¦ V_ _t * J
THE THIRD RECITAL of the Season "Will B«
Given at 3 p. rn..
Saturday, October 17th
___i*j— —
STBINWAY HALL
MR. PERCIVAL K. VAN YORX will pr«-
side at the piano with the aid of
THE ANGELUS
The SoloUt of the Occasion Will Be
MR. HOMER HENLEY. Barytone.
Complimentary tickets may be had at th^
¦tor« any time before the recital. SHERMAN.
CLAY A CO.. Kearny and Sutter sts.
lA/. T. HESS.
notary Public and Attorney-at-— .aw.
Tenth Floor, Room 1015. Onus Spreckels bid?.
Telephone Main S33.
Residence, 821 California »t.. below Powell.
Residence Telephone James 1601.
' ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE ART SALES 6ALLERIES.
positively LAST WEEK
OF THE
AUCTION
RUGS
DAILY AT 2:30 P. M.
YUZUK & CO., 230 Post St.
A. W. LOUDERBACK.'
Art Auctioneer.
PnlnCP DON'T FAIL TO
1 ataVW ,_ ee beautiful
j COURT Lounging
/.till room, the EMPIRE
ttUU PARLOR, the
C t PALM ROOM, tho
(in. fill LOUIS XV PAR-
ui auu LOR^ __ d the LA .
U j. 1 DIES' WRITING
Hotels RooM -
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
Great Mexican Remedy; »lve« health and
ttrtngth to i-exual organs. Depot. 323 Market
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Price Lists Mallei
x on Application.
ITBESH AVS SALT MEATS.
I1C BftVEC * TO Shipping: Butchers. 104
JA-. BUl-J tt UJ. Clay. Tel. Main 1294.
. « 0XX.8.
LUBRICATING OILS: LEONARD & ELLIS,
418 Front St.. S. F. Phon« Main 1719.
______ _____________
E. C. HUGHES) . 511 Sanaotne st.,' S. F.
m BRYSON GIRL "DEBUTANTE" NEXT SUNDAY
Boys' Corduroy Hats
We are showing several styles of velvet corduroy hats
and caps for boys of all ages. These are swell iiats and their
price is most remarkable. It's only one dollar. You will find
them priced everywhere at Si. 50.
Sailor hats like the above picture, in corduroy brims and
leather tops. The colors are red, white, blue, tan and brown.
Some of the tops and brims matcli in color, others harmonize
in colors; still others have black glazed leather tops.
Also automobile and sailor caps of corduroy in colors
and styles above mentioned.
See them on display in our windows. Price
Out-of-town orders filled-— .write us.
740 Market StreetTHE SAN FRAjSTCISCO CALIi. MONDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1UU3.
8
HELP WANTED — FEMALE— Con.
A WAITRESS and parlor maid for small fam-
ily in San Mateo, $25 see lady here; a
laundress for 3 In family, $30; a waitress
and parlo^ maid. Sun Rafael.* $30; a cook
, for a hospital in city $40; a cook for a
German family $35; 20 housework girls for
city and country, ?20 to $30. MISS PLUN-
KETT, ,425 Sutter St.. near Powell.
A SCANDINAVIAN or German girl for house-
work and cooking, 2 in family. $30. see lady
here this morning. MISS PLUNKETT. 425
Sutter st., near Powell.. ' ;' . • ,i •• " .- •'-; ¦'-.
A LAUNDRESS. f30; cook, short distance, $30,
fcee party here"; - chambermaids, some wait-
ing, $25 each; 6 cooks, $30 and $35; 6 second
girls, $25 and $30; woman, housework, must
sleep home; housekeeper, $20. MRS. NOR-
TON, 313 Sutter st. - .«
A— OPERATORS on children's woolen coats
and suits; good pay. 656 Mission st, third
fioor. r'-.r"
A — WOMEN to take work home on ladles' and
cliiWttn'a underwear. C5C Mission st. thtrd
floor.
A— OPERATORS on ladies 1 waists; good pay.
650 Mlrslon st. third floor.
A — OPERATORS on ladles' underwear; good
pay. C50 Mission St.. third floor.
A — WOMEN to do embroidery work at home;
bring sample. 6J>6 Mission st., third floor.
.___ j
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-
ETERS: no experience: necessary;
PAID SALARY. LEVI STRAUSS A CO.'S
FACTORIES X2'A FREMONT ST. AND 1S73
MISSION. NEAR FIFTEENTH.
__^___ 1
MIDDLE-AGED women to sew on buttons by
hand. -Levl Strauss & Co.'s Sh>t Factory,
3«% Fremont St.; see MR., HINDSHAW.
A GOOD vest operator wanted; only those who
are first-class need apply; a steady position
Is guaranteed, 'With union hours and union
wages. Apply R. THOMAS, foreman vest
department. S. N. WOOD _ CO.'S factor}'.
27 Geary st.
GIRL for cooking, some housework; small
family; wages $30. 101R Sacramento St., be-
tween Franklin and Gough; call 0 to 12.
EXPERIENCED finisher nnd ladles* talloress.
H. KRAMER, 20 Sansome st.
TAILORESS wanted on coats. LINDNER
BROS., 208 Sutter st.
WANTED — Elderly woman nurse to Invalid;
$5 a week. K75 Bush st.
FINISHER on pants; also apprentice, paid
while learning. 410 Kearny, r. 32, top floor.
WAISTS hand work wanted at 1407*Laguna
street.
WANTED — A Rirl for second work. Apply at
2<;2-'{ California st.
NEAT younj? lady experienced In delicatessen
line. Apply forenoon at 1521 Devlsadero tt.
GIRL for general housework and cooking; small
family. 2405 Wtbtter st.
A NEAT girl; experienced cook; best of wages.
11S0 O'Farrell st.
WANTED — Girl for second wdrk and waiting.
ia<>7 Hyde t,t. V
FIRST-CLASS German cook wants position;
sleep at home. «21 Grant ave.. room 42.
VEST hands who can al^Q make buttonholes.
C41% Stevenson bt.
GIRL for ceneral housework; small family;
wages S"5; references. 16_8 Kell st.
FIRST-CLASS pants finishers; steady work.
724',^ Market St.. room 27.
WANTED — Experienced waitresses. 20 Third
street.
TALENTED amateur perlormersj Apply at
Chutes ti p. m. Wednesday: salary no object.
BRIGHT. Intelligent young lady, under 20. to
travel with doctor's family and engage In
plensant profitable employ. S08 Van Ness ave.
GLOVEMAKFRS— Experienced banders and
binders: also apprentices; wages. Carson
Glove Co.. 123 Second st.
CANDY saleslady with experience. Call to-day
from f» to 1. BLUM'S Confectionery, corner
I'olk and- Sutter sts. .
CIGARETTE" makers wanted; steady work and
good wages. The JOHN BOLLMAN CO..
corner Front and Pacific, sts. ;
GIRLS wanted — Box department Mutual Label
and Lltho Co.. Second and Bryant sts.:
nryant-st. entrance.
GIRLS about 15 for factory work: good wages.
Apply at once, AMES _ HARRIS. 100 Sac-
farnento st. -
BRIGHT, active woman for demonstrating;
good pay to right party. 231 Post 8t, r. 5.
GIRL for cooking-and housework; small fam-
ily. Apply 9 to 12, 2502 California st.
WANTED immediately — A commercial travel-
er. Box 4420. Call. *
EXPERIENCED presser. Apply DressmaJclng
Department. RAPHAEL WEILL _ CO.
GOOD woman for general housework. Apply
morning, 1785 Sutter st
GIRL for light housework In small family.
Apply 103S Buah st. '
WANTED— OlrT for light housework; good
home. 3027 Washington st.. near Baker.
WANTED — Good pants finishers. Apply at
once to S. N. WOOD & CO.. 27 Goary st
SKIRT and coat hands: also shopper and stock
girl. MULRONEY. 110 Geary st.
GIKLS and ironers wanted at National Laun-
dry, 411 Sanchez et.
WANTED — Young girl to assist In house-
work; small flat. 639 Devisadero st Apply
between 9 and 11. ' \
GERMAN girl for general housework. Call
760 Haight sL, near Scott, bet. 0-12 a. m.
GIRLS for Bluing machines and table work.
WEMPE BROS., 127 Mission st.
2 LADIES of good address to represent a high-
grade magazine. ¦¦ 59 ¦ Columbian bldg.. city.'
FIRST-CLASS stenographers furnished. Miss
M. G. Barrett. Instructor. 302 Montgomery.
WANTED — First-class *ialst, skirt and coat
hands and errand girl. J. BAER. 1200 Geary.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1090
Valencia st " _- - ;
HELP WANTED-— -MALE.
WANTED— For U. S. army, able-bodied, un-
married men, between aces of 21 and 35,' citi-
zens of United States of good character and
temperate - habits, who can ' speak, < read ' and
write English. For Information apply to Re-
cruiting Officer, Rialto building. New Mont-
" gomery st, San Francisco, or Masonic build-
lng. Sacramento. ' Cal. ' . . ¦ ' * '
TRY our men's shoes, : union made, at $1 and
$1 60 pair: foot-form shoes at $2 50; ws.pay
: express or mail chrgs. . 11 3d st. Exam. bid.
BARBER shop for sale ; good location ; tran-
sient trade, 222 ; East st.
EMPLOYMENT AVA.\TED—FBMALB^
A COOK, young, strong, wants cooking only
at $30 a month; has 3 years' references last
place; can do German cooking; call or tele-
phone. MISS PLUNKETT, 425 Sutter St..
near Powell. '.
A STRANGER In city, from the East, would
like a position to care for old couple cr in-
valid; is a first-class housekeeper; home more
cf an object than salary; respectable and
highest references. Address G., 207 Leaven-
worth st.
WANTED — Position as governess by an edu-
cated, experienced and cultured young
woman, having had normal training and
holding kindergarten diploma. Box 4108. Call.
A COMPETENT girl wishes to do general
housework: wages $25 to $30; no cards an-
swered. Call 6 Willow ave., near Larkin.
WINIFRED PHILLIPS, trained nurse, room
107. Hotel Netherland. IS Turk St.; phone
Private Exchange C14.
POSITION wanted by a colored woman at
housecleanlng and laundry work. Address
Mrs. DONOVAN, 127 Second st. '
WORTHY woman would like place on Fridays
sweeping. Call 448 Sixth st. Monday or send
ptstal. -
2 GIRLS wish positions in a nice family. 1010
De Ham St.. back of the City and County
HospituL '-
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker and talloress wishes
few more families; references; $1 50 per
day. Address Dressmaker, 1620 Clay st.
YOUNG woman like to do office cleaning. Box
[ 4J28. Call office.
: JAPANESE woman wishes position, cooking or
housework In small family. 539 Stevenson.
I WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. >'>'« McAllister st.
EMPLO YMEXT WAXTED— -MALE.
I FIRST-CLASS cake baker and pastry cook
s wants position: city or country. Address box
4134, Call office.
A FIRST-CLASS up-to date landscape gard-
ener wants position as head gardener in pri-
vate place or park; renovating and laying
out a specialty; best rels. Box 4104. Call.
ELDERLY man wants place private family;
useful in general; handy with tools and about
horses and garden; wages no object; good
j references. Box S.TT. Call office. Oakland.
YOUNG man with several years' experience
as salesman and collector, desires position
with good furniture house; references. W.
SANFORD, 317 Leavenworth st.
A YOUNG man wishes a situation as an elec-
trician's helper. ' Box 4050, Call.
MACHINIST and engineer wants position; sin-
gle; age 27. Box 4082, CalK^
EXPERIENCED bookkeeper desires position,
wholesale preferred. Box 4109, Cai^
! JAPANESE wants situation in country; un.
i derstand3 milking covv-s. driving horses.
I farming, gardening. etc. S. KATOH. 20
I Lewis plac<s San Francisco.
JAPANESE; good elevator boy. who has had
many years' experience, wants position. F.
G-, 5~12 Turk st .
CHINESE . first-class cook wants position;
iTiardltig house, hotel or restaurant 33
Wcverly r-' ate .
FINANCIAL..
4^^R~^El<T r toT?ErrCENT HIGH GRADE
Municipal, School, Railroad and Corporation
Bonds,
Bank and Trust Company Stocks,
Selected fcr conservative' investors.
Write for Information to
HEAZELTON & CO..
Stock and Bond Brokers,
Hay ward Building.
'.*¦--. "' , San Francisco. Cal.
FLATS TO LET.
A — HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense list:
rervice absolutely free; take advantage of
this department; It will save you time, and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., 245-269 Geary
it, on the square.
GREEN, between Laguna and Buchanan — 3
new f.ats. 7 rooms and bath and finished at-
tic; rn_r!ne view.
GROVE. 704— Upper coiner flat of 7 rooms,
bnth. storeroom; adults. EASTON, ELD-
RIDGE & CO.
FREDERICK. 22R— Modern upper flat of 6
room3 and bath; rent $30. •
HAYES. 1753. near Park — Upper sunny flat of
4 rooms, bath; rent $10; water free.
MCALLISTER. 331-— Unfur. parlor floor; 4 rms.;
gas, bath, phone: $28; adults; before 3 p. ,m.
NEW, modern flat; all the latest imp.; close In
to town. 1127 O'Farrell st. near Franklin.
TEHAMA. .136— A nioe flat to let of 4 rooms
and bath.
$1S — 297A Shipley st.. near Sixth; flat of 6
rooms and bath: nice yard: sunny.
$35— ELEGANT comer flat. 7 rooms. 652
Church st. near Eighteenth.
FLATS FOR SALE — FURNISHED.
NEATLY furnished flat of six rooms and bath;
party leaving city: will sell at a bargain;
rent reasonable. 8C2',fr Fclsom at. ;
FURNITURE WANTED. [~ ~
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission, uhone Red 4402,
buys, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpets!
Cal. Auction House pays highest prices for fur-
niture, flats, etc. 1105 Mission; tel. Mint 2481.
HIGHEST price for furniture and mdse. L. H.
BURD. nuctioneer.lSIR Mkt. :tel. Howard 2730.
HELP WAXTED FEMALE.
WANTED— 4 cook*. $30-$33; man and wife as
housework and coachman, $C0; parlor maid,
$.';0; 3 second girls, ?20-$25-$3O; nurse girl, 3
children, $30; 2 nurse girls, $25; housework,
San Jose. $30; 2 housekeepers for men, $25;
dining-room girl, sanitarium, $20; waitress,
country hotel. $22 60; cleaning woman, hospi-
tal, $25; cock, small hctel, W0; chambermaid
and waiting. $25; woman and child,' country,
$20; 44 house girls in city and country, $20-
$25-?:iO. Apply to J. F. CKOSETT & CO.,
304 Sutter £t. ¦
A — WANTED — Girl^ to learn halrdressinjr,
manicuring, etc.: trade taught from A to Z
In 2 weeks; $5 to those entering now; 3 po-
sitions to fill Immediately; positions guaran*
teed at $10 per week up; leading school In
West. 233 Geary st. room 13.|
A — LADIES to learn all branches hairdressing
trade; manicuring, massage, etc.. 1236 Mar-
ket at. cor. Jones, room 94; positions secured
at highest wages; day and eve. class; call.
A — Girls to learn millinery now for fall season;
both seasons taught from start to finish In 1
month for $10; positions as trimmers, sales-
ladles, etc.. guaranteed at $1 0 per , week up ;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton St., r. 13.
GIRL to do srtneral housework and plain cook-
Ing. 820 Golden ' Gate ave.
OIRL for general housework, ' assist plain
cooking; wages $15, . 1210 }i Golden Gate ave.
MISC^LLA^rE^C^_F^R^^SALE-_Co a .
A— 33 50 DERBY and' Fedora hats. $1 73. p^*
alar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st., r.e;_
Pine: open till 9 p. m. Sunday to noon. ™
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery. f. n .
gines boilers water pipe, shafting, pulley*.
etc. 'WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
FOR sale — A bargain: 1 set Encyclopedia Drl.
tannlca. Edinburgh edition. 29 volumes, htlt
morocco binding. 615 Larkin st.
TRY cur men'a shoes at $1 and $1 30 p a -. r -
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d st. Exam, bid.; catalog. r r »»
FOR sale — Several tracts forest reserve at
$4 75 per acre; good title. H. A. COWAN
110 South Broadway. Los Angeles. Cal.
'FRESH cows — Holstein. Durham. Jerrys;
¦ springers, all graded: must be suM within 3
days. 5-Milj H use. .Vision Road. SUver ava.
ONE pair solitaire diamond ear screws; $275.
At W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth St.
FOR sale— Four Great Dane pups. 5 weeks
old. Apply Call office.
BEST Burbank potatoes, $1 25 the sack. d<«-
livered; phone Grant 70; write, call; 115 Mkt.
SLOT machine — First-class condition: cheap.
Call or write,, 1508 Seventh. Oakland.
PORTABLE baker's oven for sale; also a
large rug. 127 Arlington st.
NEW and second hand machinery of all kind««
KROGH MNFG. CO.. 519 Market st
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HElC
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns,- sale, rental;
bargains. Buliard & Breck. 13> Post it.
MILES of pipe and fittings: all sizes. EU-
GENE RILEY _ SONS. 109 Vallejo st.
MOVING picture film, and song slides. 109
Montgomery at.
SAFES — New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
& CO.. 122 Market st
All bargains ;camp stools and chairs -.hammocks,
metal beds,mattresses.J.F.Hotter,712 Mission.
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, moving
picture machines, films. Bacigaiupi. 933 Mkt. .
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launche#J>
all sizes. J. E. PdAK. 46 Fremont st. a
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters; all
makes. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg'y.
MISCELLAXEOfS \VAXTS.
CALIFORNIA HOUSEWRECKING CO.
Pays higher prices for buildings and tak»s
less time to wreck and remove. Office, NW.
cor. Mission and Tenth: phone Mint 30tl.
SMALL second-hand boiler and steam pump
for mine cheap. 1121 Point Lobos ave.
BOOKS and libraries bought. H. C. HOLME*.
1149 Market st: phone Jessie 3741. or postal.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st. ; tel. Jessie 2851.
A BIG price paid for sealskins; send postal.
25 Stockton st; phone Bush 4S4.
MOSEY TO LOAX.
. , — ¦ . . .¦ — — _____
AAA — HERMAN MURPHY,
601-0C2-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointment.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property In trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MtTRPHY.
' ADVANCES en furniture and pianos without
removal; to salaried people on their not*
without security or knowledge of employer;
lowest rates; best terms; quickest service an!
absolute privacy; special rates to municipal
employes and teachers. The National Credit
Co.. r. 6S-ea Donohoe bid., 1170 Market st.
INTEREST REDUCED TO 5 PEH CENT.
DEAL DIRECT; SAVE EXPENSES. J
1 will loan on 1st, 2<I and 3d mortgages. SAN"*
FRANCISCO. OAKLAND. TOWN. COU.V-
TRY PROPERTY and REAL ESTATE in
probate; send full particulars of property; no
answer otherwise. Box 2498. Call office.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 846
Market st. ; tel. Main 1644. Branch. 19 Third.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments; largest business In
46 principal cities. Tolman. 553 Parrott bldg.
THE Open Credit Assn. makes advances to re.
sponslble salaried people, confidentially: new
and simple plan; easy Installments. Room
50, Academy of Sciences, 819 Market st
A — 1 per cent on furniture or piano: no remov-
af. no commission, no publicity -.523 up; quick,
private, confidential. 20 Montgomery, rm. 7.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant ave..
LOANS FROM 11 TO $10.000.
MONEY to loan on low interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls- and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth St.
S. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY— Loans to salaried
people en their note.
THE TOUSLEY CO 143 Phelan bldg.
ON furniture, piano; no removal. E. W. LICK.
1CO3 Mutual Savings Bank bldg.. 708 Market.
MONEY loaned to salaried employes. G. W.
MILLER, room 74. fifth floor. Chronicle bldg.
3% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal.
V. TREMAIN. room SI. 6 Eddy St.. floor 4.
ALL leans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 538 Kearny.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
salaried employee. R. 311, Mutual Sav.Ek.MU
CASH loaned salaried people on notss without j
Indorser. MORRELL. 6C3 Examiner tidy. ~{
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
ABSOLUTELY LOWEST PRICES *AN_TbE3T
VALUE. M
Collard. upright $5»
Filsher. upright 40
Sherman & Hyde, upright 123
Mannsfeldt & Hotni, beautiful curly wal 1«3
Chickering 155
2 Steinway uprights, large, small... $165 300
2 Heine uprights, large and smil!, used
less than 5 years $233 3S5
And 200 others. Squares from $10 up.
Rents. $2 up. apply on punfhase: install-
ments as low as $4. HEINE PIANO CO..
235-237 Geary st. Only manufacturers and
largest exclusive wholesale and retail deal-
ers west of Chicago.
RENTING Is our specialty; $2 up apply oa
purchase. HEINS PIANO CO.. 237 Geary.
THIS AD IS OUR GREATEST EXPENSE.
We pay no rent, as we own the building 1 .
The only reason we advertise Is to let you
know we rent the best piano in the city for $3
per month. Now we can sell you one Just the*
I same. Our expenses are so very much lesa.
than other firms, why not Investigate our prtcea
: and compare notes? Invest 5c carfare and «av»
from $75 to $150 on a piano. SCOTT-CURTAZ
PIANO CO.. 560-62-64 Hayes st.
WHILE low prices are the fashion you will
find that we are giving the most for thai
money of any firm In the' ctty. No better in-
struments than the Baumeister. Schubert or
Stodard are needed by anybody, and you can-
not afford to buy until they have been ex-
amined. THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC
CO.. 7O Market st. _
A FEW good upright bargains from $30 up. in-
cluding such makes as Chlckerlns. Mascn A
Hamlln. Vose. Sterling, Curtas. Kirkm an.
Haines. Weser. Pease and others. BENJ.
CURTAZ A SON. 16 O'Farreil st N»
branches in San Francisco.
THE greatest opportunity ever offered In Saa
Francisco to get a good reliable piano, cheap.
Before our removal we will sacrifice any in- ¦
strument for cash or installments. Call-*^
write for prices and terms at once. KOHLeb
& CHASE. Established 1850. 30 O'Farrell.
BAND instruments: F. Besson. Parts maker;
Gus Maiwald Agt Pac. Coast. 2.S O FarreU;
skillful repairing: 2d-hand instruments sold_^
A STECK _ GABLER upright nearly new. •
cheap; a snap. HORNUNG. 216 McAllister.
RARE chance: cash or payments; elegant hlsn
grade uprtsnt. 16 McAllister st.
Unredeemed storage pianos and furniture dirt
cheap. Whltehead's Storage. 1636 Market »*.
BEAUTIFUL 3-pedal Steinway upright Dian-»|
perfect order; gacrlflce. Keeffc's,285 QTarreil.
«?OHMER Byron Mauzy pianos. Ceclllan pian»
player! BYKON MAUZY. 308-312 Post st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AXD STOKES TO LET.
STORE with large basement; below Kearny
st; rent $30. Apply Clfi Clay st. room 1.
$33 — TO let; grocery corner: five llvtns rooms:
now vacant. Key. 2304 Fulton str-
PArERHAXCIXG. PAINTING, ETC.'
ROOMS papered, # $3 50 up; tintlnsr. paintlnjf.
Hart ma nn Paint Co.. 31'J 3d Bt:tel.Maln 413.
PHYSICIANS AXD JIHUEOM
DR. C.C O'DONNELL— Office and residence.
1U21H Market st. bet. Cth and 7th- particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BL 5? D «. 8 T k i n a ,"- d rectal d'seaaes * specialty!
DR. BAIX. 1073^ Market st.
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor!
treats all diseases of the human body; ,fo«"
past four years at 115-117 Majon: now>,
cated at 667 Geary st. near Leaven wo rthjL I
DR. TONG PO CHY. successor to Dr. H~P»
Tal, herb doctor, cures all diseases of human •
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Waahinfon y
WONO WOO. the famous herb doctor— All dis- *
eases cured by Chinese herb*. 148-8 Clay •*•
*TE_P WAWTKP — MALE — Cow.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.. EMP. AGENTS,
42U Bush st 642 Clay st.
SHIP DAILY THIS WEEK FOR NEVADA.
100 laborers. Reno. Nevada $2
100 laborers. Vaimy. Nevada (2
100 laborers, Beowawe, Nevada $2
100 laborers, Fenelon. Nevada $2
Board $4 50 Week.
Absolutely Free Fare Office Fee $1
FOR MARIN COUNTY. CALIFORNIA.
Tunnelmen. muckers ....$-. 15-fL oO
Trackmen, Santa Fe R. R $2 23
Absolutely Free Fare for All Above.
Lumber pliers, north $- 50»
Tunnel foreman in'H
Teamsters, Solano Ccunty ; -*^ -»
Kockmen. laborers. Marysvllle $2 uO-2 2o
Plow holders, laborers, new county road..
$1 50-S1 25 day and board
Hostler, private stables. $35; 2 gardeners.. $30
Broilers, second cooks, cooks .$45-$50
Bread baker, shop **0 found
Man and wife, cook and porter, small country
hotel, fare paid. $50; errand-boy, club. $20.
board; barkeeper. $40; dishwashers, potwash-
ers, kitchen hands, waiters, $20-$25-$:;0-$35;
washer on plain clothes, city hotel laundry.
$30 found; slaughterer and help In shop, near
city. $35 foiind. „,_».„-
C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S EMP. AGENCY.
429 Bush at 642 Clay st.
A YOUNG errand boy for this office. C. R.
HANSEN _ CO., 420 Buah st.
LADIES' TAILORS, ATTENTION!
You are hereby cordially invited to attend
a mass meeting of the Ladles' Tailors' Union
of San Francisco, to be held on the 13th lnst.,
at their headquarters, 417 Post at. for the
purpose of completing organization; no initia-
tion feea. . J. MESSIER. Pres.
ROBT. HAINKB. Rec. Sec. _
WANTED— For U. S. Marine Corps, able-
bodied unmarried men. between 21 and 33;
good character; must speak, read and write
English: marines serve at sea on men-of-
war In ail parts of the world, on land In our
island' possessions, and at naval stations In
the United States. Apply at recruiting of-^
flee. 40 Ellis St.. San Francisco. Cal.. and
401 K St.. Sacramento. Cal.
WHY pay big prices to have your shoes half-
soled when you can get It done for 23c. 50a
and 60c while you wait at A63 Mission st..
bet. 1st and 2d sts.. or 11 Third at.?
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House.
217 Third at; 250 rooms; 25c to 50c per night.
MEN to learn barber trade; only 8 weeks re-
quired; special offer this month; catalogue
and full Information mailed free. MOLER
SYSTEM COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
WANTED Middle-aged man; experienced In
grocery business. 3023 Laguna St.. 1 p. m.
ERRAND boy well recommended. ROGER-
SON'S. 535 Valencia st.
COATMAKERS for country- Apply RE1SS
BROS & CO.. 21 Sutter st.
TWO-CHAIR barber shop for sale; other busi-
ness; a bargain. Box 4004, Call office.
McDONALD _ PERRY have a large stock of
[ new and second-hand shoes; cheap. 239 3d st.
PENSION atty. E. A. Bullls. room 40. Phelau
bldg. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post, G.A.R.
MAN to do janitor work for tuition In S. F.
Barber School. 741A Howard »t.
SAILORS* and ordinary seamen for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket— 700 • rooms. 35c night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
ALL elzes men's shoes, slightly damaged, halt
price. BCT Mission St.. bet 1st and 2d sta.
GET your shoes half soled Nrhllo waiting; 23o
I to 50c. Bftt Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
HORSES AXD WAGONS.
FOR sale — 2 thoroughbred mares for saddle
purposes; also pair mares. C and 6 years old.
full sisters, weight 1200, sired by Grandee,
dam Guld Dust mare, good drivers, not
afraid of cars; all of these horses are per-
fectly sound. Can be seen at owner's stable,
corner Francisco and Octavla sts.
HARNESS and saddles, the best for the money,
at JEPSEN BROS. CO.. inc.. the big store.
1145-1147 Market st.. San Francisco.
MUST be sold at a sacrifice: 6 good horses. 327
Sixth st.
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping wagon and
gocart for sale cheap. 532 Mission st.
Largest assortmt 2-hand wagens. buckb'd. sur-
rey.harness.work.drlvlng horse9.15th-Valencl_
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list of houses to let; send for clr-
cular. O. H. UMB3EN _ CO.. 14 Montgomery.
A — HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense list:
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department; It will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-259 Geary
St.. on the square.
VAN NESS ave., 2104, near Pacific ave. — Mod-
ern house: 10 rooms; rent $70-
I BEFORE moving get our printed list of houses
'¦ to let. BALDWIN _ HOWELL. 25 Post st.
I ¦¦ '
HOUSES FURNISHED FOR SALE.
FURNISHED house- of S rooms, cheap rent;
leaving city, will sell at sacrifice If sold this
week. 124 Turk St., above Taylor.
CHEAP furniture of 6-room house; 3 rooms
i pay rent. 407 Minna St.
I ¦
HOUSES WAXTED FURNISHED.
WANTED — To rent for the winter or longer,
a furnished house of from 6 to 8 rooms and
situated north of . California and east of
Fillmore; must be in gixxl condition; best of
care guaranteed and highest references fur-
nlFhed. Box 3511. Call.
X.OST AXD FOUXD.
LOST— A pass book with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of FREDERICK and AUGUSTA
O'NEILL. No. 2C3-44C.V The finder will
please return to bank.
LOST — Between Clayton and Carl and Stanyan
and Oak rts.. lady's gold openface chatelaine
with pin attached; initials on case S. H.
Suitable reward If returned to 237 Geary st.
LOST — Female setter: color, yellow and white;
name "Goldy"; has one sore eye; address on
collar. 2530 California St.; liberal reward.
FOUND — A white male dog; black spots on
body: license 242. 1109 Pierce st.
FOUND— Fishing smack. Apply 142) Bay st,
Alameda.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the California
Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter at., needs old
gold and sliver to make new watch cases.
MEDICAL.
SAN FRANCISCO'S EMINENT PHYSICIAN
DOCTOR WHITE
TREATS WOMEN ONLY.
702 MARKET ST.. room 7. Phone Hed 2321
Every facility for the BEST treatment of
all diseases and disorders of women. Elegant
sanatorium. Select patients. Strictly confi-
dential. Fees within the reach of all.
MRS. DR. WTETH, specialist for all female
complaints; instant relief guaranteed; 30
years' experience; removed to 828 Pont st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and Irregularities; Instant re-
lief Market st.. opp. Cth,
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— AH who are sick or
In trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints; positively corrected; the unfor-
tunate helped; the most difficult cases treat-
ed; advice free. Office. 1018 Market st.
Drs. Goodwin. 733 Turk. nr. Van Ness — Expert
In obstetrics, female complaints: inst. relief;
treatment $10; hours. 10 to 5: 25 yrs. exper.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladles'
¦ specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low feea.
DR. ROSEX. moved to 2J>03 Folsom St.. corner
26th; relief $10; ladies' exclusive office.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HnVDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 1126 Market st.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 319 Powell st, opposite
Union square; ail diseases cured by herbs.
MILLIX— RY. j
LADIES^ — 200 stylish hats to select from; lease
sold, must vacate February 1. 190J; save
money by calling on MME. DOSCH. 207 Post
M1SCELLAXEOUS — FOR SALK.
BOILERS engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
| TOSH._ WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair It with elaterite; In rolls easy to lay;
-needs no painting or coating; good over old
I Iron, tin or shingles; best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
2D-HAND machinery, boilers, engines, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc.. etc., bought, sold.
rented and exchanged ; - see Sunday papers.
, H.- S. WHITE M'CH'Y CO.. 130-132 Eeale st.
EDISON _~ MELLUS star moving picture
films, same as new. less than one-half cost;
lOCOfeet to select from. Novelty Theater.
Oakland. Cal.
j A— Fine suits. : $7 50; dress pants. $2 60. Ortgi-
i nal Misfit Clothing Parlors. 238 Kearny st..
near Bush; open to 9 p. m. Sunday to nooa.
;
MURRAY _ READY, 634 and 630 Clay it.
« PHONE MAIN 5S4S.
, Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
/ 1902 WE GAVE 1903 WE'LL, GIVE
45,000 MEN WORK. 60,000 MEN
Men wanted TO-DAY for;sasf|| „.
ARIZONA. OREGON.
NEVADA'
And all points north, east, south on South-
ern Pacific and Santa Fe systems; free pass
ON EVERY TRAIN.
SECTION HANDS, MUCKERS. DRILLERS.
Extra Gangs, Teamsters, Hammersmen.
MINES. TUNNELS, QUARRIES.
Miners all over State. $90 and $82 50.
Laborers and muckers everywhere, SCO, $<5
and SS2 50.
STABLES, FARMS, ORCHARDS. DAIRIES.
Farm and orchard hands, $30. $35, $40 fd.
Milkers, butter and cheese makers, $30 to
$50 found.
Choremen, coachmen, gardeners, etc., $30.
19 stablemen, city, rountry Jobs. $30 to $60.
MURRAY & READY.
.-V- ¦¦ 634-636 Clay st.
SAWMILLS — WOODS.
633 laborers, no experience wanted. $40 t»
$70, found.
. 196 mill and yard men, $50 to $150.
- ;- s J ' 365 WOODCHOPPERS.
--;\, 2S7 TIEMAKERS.
All classes of experienced men for woods,
mills, etc., from $50, $60, $70, $S0. $90. $100,
$125 to $150 month.
MURRAY _ READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
COOKS, WAITERS. ! PORTERS.
24 cooks, hotels, restaurants, camps, mines
and ranches, city and country, $30 to $70 fd.
12 waiters, city and country, $25 to $45 fd.
Elevator and bell. boys and porters.
Steward, country hotel.
BUTCHERS.
14 butchers; different jobs; $40 to $90 fd.
MURRAY — READY. 634-636 Clay St.
" MECHANICAL.
Cooper, factory, 15c fare, $3 25 day.
3 painters, stripe, letter, $2 50 to $3 a day.
Cut-off sawyer; 12 boys learn trades, city.
BLACKSMITHS.
Also many helpers all over California, $50.
$60. $70. $80. $90 found.
LOCATED EVERYWHERE!.
Laborers and teamsters, city and country;
some factories, mills, warehouses, excavat-
ing building, etc.; many in San Francisco:
lots to board home, $2. $2 25. $2 50. $2 73
day; 96 carmen and furnace men, $07 and $75.
Positions not advertised.
COME— SEE.
BEST PLACES AT MURRAY A READY'S.
BIGGEST WAGES AT 634-636 Clay at.
1 MIDNIGHT MAIL AND WIRE.
A Oof °MILES. PRESCOTT-MIDDLETOWN.
ARIZONA, TO-DAY »1 50 FEE
0 Black coopers, 9c; 5 cabinet-makers; 168
woodsmen FRESNO COUNTY.
DIAMOND MATCH COMPANY.
Teamsters, laborers, fare $2 80, $<5.
¦v" 2 hydraulic miners, S. E., $3 day.
x TO FRESNO TO-DAY.
15 laborers, lumber company, $40 to $55 fd.
Planerman, free fare. L. Co., $65 found.
'2 waiters, camp, near city, $25 found.
Cook, lunch counter, 10c fare, $10 week.
Milker, Los Angeles district, J35 found.
JANITORS.
- Janitor, big side money made. $35 month.
Choreman, 3 cows, fare $1, S20 found.
0 carpenters, finishing work, near city. $3 BO
day.
Second cook for mine, north. $10 fou.nd.
Varnish finisher. $1 75 to $2 day. -
Experienced club bellboy, country. $o0 found.
WANTED— J. ROSS. MACHINIST.
2 shinglcrs, straight work. 7C'c M. i
2 crouscut sawyers, L. Co., north, $40 found.
GOVERNMENT JOB.
2 cement finishers. 8 hours. $4 50 day.
Cook. 3 men, ranch, $25.
ButcheV, slaughterer, south, fare paid, $16 wk
BEAUTIFUL MENDOCINO.
16 laborers. FREE FARE. $35 to $S0 and fd.
2 sheepherders, fare $1 50, $30 and found.
Milk waton driver, city, $25 and found.
Butcher, shop, fare COc. $40 and found.
. Young man butcher, shop, care .3 horses. $25
and found.
Man r.nd wife, man act foreman, wife cook
for 3 men, $50 and found.
15 two and four horse teamsters, $75.
Extra hnrber. $4 day.
Coachman, fare 7Cc. $30 and found.
Cook, country hotel. $40 and found.
• FRUIT PICKERS.
MARYSVILLE. CHICO, PLACERVILLE
Carpenters' helpers, laborers, teamsters,
drillers and other help, you go, $82 50, $75,
$67 50.
2 experienced concrete men, curbing, $3 50.
SANTA CRUZ COUNTY.
2R laborers to pile lumber. $60.
Head Dolbeer loire-er. $30.
RESERVOIR WORK.
J)6 teamsters and laborers, fare $1 20, $00,
$C7 50.
OHEGON.
COAL MINERS— OREGON— FREE FARE.
65 coal miners, Oregon. $3 to $5 a day.
VERY MURRAY & READY,
IMPORTANT. C34-C36 Clay st.
* ~~ NINE HOURS WORK.
25 laborers, fare B.'ic. *B7 50.
MURRAY & READY, G34-630 Clay st.
~ SPECIAL. *
CALL EARLY.
B teamsters, city job. ?2 25 day.
. 6 laborers, city job, $2 day.
5 teamsters. C. N. W. R. R.— free fare.
MURRAY & READY. GJ4-636 Clay st.
AT SAN FRANCISCO EMP. BUREAU.
17 Fourth st.
WORK FOR OLD AND YOUNG.
EL DORADO COUNTY— SHIP TO-DAY.
Laborers, $2 a day; 2-horse teamster, $.">0
ai:d found.
Free Fnre — RENO. NEVADA— Shir. To-day.
Free Far? — MENDOCINO CO.— Ship Now.
Free Fare— GOLCONDA. UTAH— Ship To-day
Laborers and rockmen for city; good wagefc.
Call early. • Lots of work for old and young.
SAN FRANCISCO EMPLOYMENT CO.,
. 17 Fourth st.
JANITOR. $j">; cohchmanl and wife. $00 and
found; gardener and wife. $K0 and found; rt-
horse ranch teamster. *".r> and f«und. fare re-
funded: man about place. MO an>1 found:
sheep herder. ?-'O and fo-ni: 12 woodchopj-ers;
married vinpyarrlist. on shares: office-boy: 3
" bo!ler-ma!<"rs. $5 05 day; laborers, cooks,
waiters nnd others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
Cl'S Sacramento 5t. .
A MAN and wife, private familv. countrv, $f.O;
men and wife, city. $50. MRS. NORTON.
'318 Sutter st.
BARKERS, attention — Bnrsaln: 4 hydraulic
chalrr, hotel shop, with all latest improve-
ments; across the bay: lease; rent $15,
water; receipts weekly SS5 to $100; price
$.V>0. H. BERNARD. 101 Seventh sU
YOUNG man (German or German-American)
work In i>ork and delicacy store; experience
In butcher shop or jrrocery store preferred;
references. Apply 3C08 Sixteenth st.
TRY our men's sheen, union made, at $1- and
$1 r>0 per ralr. foot-form shoe3 at $2 50, or
orthopedic shoes. SI r>O;best shoes .>n earth. 11
Third St.. Exam. bid?-.. 5 doors from Market
WANTED — 3 men. pick and shovel.' Four-
teenth ave. and N st. south; Kentucky-st.
cars.
HELPER on cakes wanted. 516 Hayes st.
BOY to learn upholstering trade. 2231 Mis-
sion st.
MAN understanding the business to work in
fruit store. ¦ 283 Sixth st.
BTE\DY German: refs.; tend bar. make him-
self useful; wine house. 15 City Hall square.
A FIRST-CLASS ladies' tailor. H. KRAMER.
20 Sansomc st. / ¦ .
GOOD bootblack wanted. 1531 Polktut.
COOPER. 53 Pay at. ' - ¦ -
FIRST-CLASS barber; young man preferred;
steady Job. 709 Geary 6t.._cor. Hyde^ __
GOOD "steady barber (union) wants steady^*
extra work. Box 4438, Call office.
DISHWASHER wanted. 108 Hayes st.
COOK wanted. 261 First st.
FOR SALE — One-half interest In 2-chaIr shop;
good shop. 1350* Howard Et.
BARBER Fhop: old stand; must be sold for any
offer. 229 Ha>\s st. -
WANTED — For retail store, boy about-16, who
lives with parents and is capable of making
change and posting accounts; hours. 7 till 7;
wages $25 per month. Apply by letter, box
4421. Call. ' ',
EOY from 15 to 17 years to learn electrical
and all kinds of mechancial work; those
seeking steady position only need apply be-
tween 7 and 8 a. m. 1301 Devlsadero st.
! WANTED— A sober, steady young man to es-
tablish a new soda water wagon route; good
! wages for a start. Address box 4411. Call.
YOUNG man; stock clerk for manufacturing
concern; state are. salary expected and ref-
i erences. Box 4079. Call.:
WANTED— Rough carpenters and laborers. Ap-
ply room 14, 26 Montgomery st, San Fran-
cisco Construction Company.
PENSION ATTY. M. HARRIS. 40 Ellis St.: 14
years': practice; references from thousands of
persons for whom I have secured pensions.
YOUNG man to make himself generally useful
In gents' furnishing store. 535 Valencia at.
BARBER trade taught in 5: weeks. Address
..". ; W. C. B., 647 Commercial st. :
GOODgtronc boy to .work in blacksmith shop
1 - 1322 San Pablo ave.; Oakland.
WANTED^-Salesman to handle . line sundries
in city and bay counties. ? Box 4413, Call.
BOY 16 years; good opportunity; steady posl-
; -... tlon. ¦¦ Caraon Glove Co.. ; 123 Second st.
FIRST-CLASS '¦< coatmaker ¦ wanted to work by
-."the week.- Market St.; room'- 12.'
SPmiTCALISM. ._^ n __
PROF. Fred P. Evans, noted psychic for slate-
writing and clairvoyance; stamp for circular.
1112 Eddy et-, nr. Octavla: phone Scott 8S7.
EDWARD EARLE. 108? Ellis, readings dally.
9:30 to 4; seances Sunday and Thursday.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MY ReroTar"$3 Readings This Week For
fl $1 $1 $1 $1 »1 $1
! PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE.
' The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist ever In 8an Francisco.
I do hereby solemny agree and guarantee
to make no charge if I fall to tell you your
came occupation and what you called for;
I promise to tell you whether husband, wife
. or twt«theart Is true or false; I tell you
whom and wBw yau will marry; in Tact, I
will tell you every . hope, fear or ambition
better than you can tell yourself; I Improve
vour character eo that you will reach the
highest possible development In mental vigor,
health, happiness and capacity to earn
wealth; eo you will live li&ppy and contented
the rest of your life. Hours 10 a. m. to 8
p. m.: Sundays. 2 to 8. 826 O'Farrell St., 320.
MME. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third at., next Examiner
bldg.; she reeds your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur In the future; if you ere In trouble, dis-
contented or not satisfied in life, or have do-
mestic, love or business trouble*, consult this
great medium and you will be told how to
overcome them; valuable advice In all affairs
of life; 25c up; e-tisf action guaranteed; read-
ings by mail. TeL Black 4508. '
i ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
st., eor. Turk; private readings dally, 10 a.
m. to 6 p. m. : reading* by mall a* satisfac-
tory as In person: 3 questions answered, $1;
full life, $5; send lock of hair, date and year
of birth: don't aend currency. Send postofCce.
Wells-Furgo money order or registered letter.
A— MME. PORTER, scientific clairvoyant and
card reader, born with a double veil and sec-
ond sight; tells the part, present and future:
ladles. 50c: gents. $1; by cards, palmistry
end clairvoyant sitting: $1 BO- 126 Turk st.
MRS. A. H. Kronenberg. palmist, clairvoyant,
card reader, will give a good reeding, 10c, for
a short time only; when others fail try me to
convince yourself. 402 Franklin, near Grove.
MIS3 WARD, creat card reader: ladies 25c;
others fall; call on this celebrated medium;
satisfaction or no pay. 413 Mason »L;no sign.
MISS ZEMDAR. ycung gifted clalr. and palm.;
has second sight; a wonderful prophetess;
names; L. 50c; O. II. 714 Franhlln.nr.O.G.av.
A— Mme. Ravenna reads life, business advice;
names given; 25c up. 5 4th st.. near Market.
MME. MAISEAU. clairvoyant, card reader; la-
dles 25c. gents SGc; hours 1 to 9. B45 Minna.
MP.S. BROWN clairvoyant, card reader; ladles
25c, gents 50c; readings dally. 132 Sixth st.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader;ladies 25c,
gents '50c. 051 Mission St.. nr. eth; open Sun.
MME. JAKEWAY. clairvoyant ana palmist;
readings $1. 939 Eddy St.. right hand bell.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader in city.
2G»4 Kearny. room 20; ladles 25c; gents SOc.
MRS SHAFER. clairvoyant, card reader: srt-
tlngrs dally. 44SH Jef»le st.. bet. 5th and Cth.
~ DEXTISTS^
ELECTRO^DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Market St.,
cor Fourth, room 7, Flood building; extrac-
tions done painlessly; te«tn without plates
our specialty ; gold crowns. $3 SO up ; plates
$4 60 up, extraction free; office hours. 9
a. m. to 9 p. m.; Sundays, 9 to 2.
DR. GRUSS. 504-5-6 Callaghan bldg.. Market
end McAllister sts.. uses the Basford Obtun-
<l*r, the only devioe ever Invented for grind-
log, drilling and excavating teeth absolutely
without pain. For demonstration and proof
call at ofnee.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market. nr.Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old platet made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set: extracting. SOc: gas given.
A NEW plate — The Wha!ebone— cannot break:
warranted 20 yrs.: crown. $3 30; fillings. SOc;
plates 55: full set:all work pctnlees and war-
ranted. Chlcaro Dental Parlors. 74 Sixth st.
PARIS Dental Parlors 235 Kearny. ccr.Bush—
~Eet teeth $1 60 up: crowns )2 up; fillings 25c.
GOLD fillings. 75c; silver. 35c; crowns, $2; no
pain: open Sunday. Dr.O.B.Hewl»t.2«">4 Sutter.
DHESSJIAKERSJIXD SEA5ISTKESSES j
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School
— Ar.y pattern cut to measure. 1019 Market.
ACCORDION, eunburst _ knife plaiting, otew-
art'* button & buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor.
DYEING AXD CLEAMXG.
SEA breexes sweeten all garments, blankets,
lace curtains, etc., done by the Presidio
Heights Dye Works 3915 Sacramento; phone \
for wagon. West 453. H. HICKMAN. pres.
~ " EDUCATIONAL.
THE San Francisco Young Men's Christian
Association conducts a night school fcr men.
an engineering school, an evening law school,
a working boys' night school and a day busi-
ness and academic school. Students have
gymnasium and other privileges. Apply at
Y. M C. A. building. Mason and Ellis sts.
' SHORTHAND In ."M days; Boyd's Syllabic; no
niled lines; no shudir.g; nothing to confuse; '
only 9 characters; easily read; study by
mail: circulars, testimonials and first lesson I
covering V« the course for two 2-cent stamps. I
Chicago Correspondence Schools, Incorpo- |
rated. 62 National Life Bldg.. Chicago, 111. j
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post. S.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy, English branches;
j day and night sessions; lllus. catalogue free.
j AYKES. the leading bUElneEs college, 723 Mar-
i ket et. ; special summer course In all depart-
| tnents: handsome catalogue free; life scholar-
j ehip, $50: day and evening sessions.
CALIFORNIA Business College. 305 Larkin st.
"A thorough school"; positions secured for
graduates; modern methods: individual In-
' Etructlcn. 'Write for illustrated catalogue.
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
fcr the university, law and medical colleges;
ref.. President Jordan or any Stanford pro-
fessor; day, evening pessions. Phelan bldg.
HINMAN'S Academy; a thorough school of
dancing; established 20 years. 1412 Polk si.
between Pine and California; both adult and
children's classes are now open for the season.
A— SAN FRANCISCO Business College, 12.;0
Market at. — Practical, progressive, reliable;
day _ evening sessions: write for catalogue.
VIOLIN and viola Instruction. Including en-
semble: berlnners received: best method;
terms moderate. Studio 305 Larkin. room 91.
HEALD'S Echcol of Mines & Electricity.24 Post
et.. S. F. ; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec. mln.. mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 18C4. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
DANCING Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday and
Sunday evenings at Teutonla Hall. Howard
St.. near Ninth; management Prof. Foster.
SPA NISH.French.etc.Prof.DeFlllppe's Academy
of Language£,320Post;eetab'd 1871; ablest profs.
GOLDEN Gate Com'l College, 530 Golden Gate
avc; full business course; day p.nd evening.
SCHOOL Op ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine st... Night class.
KENT Law School, day and night. 530 Par-
rott building; send for particulars.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.: day or eve\ : *S m*v 1^?t Wl««lnn.nr.f>th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
GEORGE AOKI, 421 Post at.: tel. Bush 135—
Japanese-Chinese employment office; fur-
nishes best help; contracts for farm help, etc
IF you want Japanese help, advertise in The
New World, Japanese dally paper, 353 Geary.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese-
Chinese heln. 420 Powell. Tel. Main 6752.
A — GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office. 415
-Stockton: tel. Grant I6S: expert, reliable help.
CHINESE Employment Office — Best help at
Leon Seung's. 411% O'Farrell: tel. East 426.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all klnda help. 315 Ctockton: Main 518S.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1097. BRADLEY _ CO.. 040 Clay.
T-MPLOVMEfXT^WAM'ED FEMALE.
1A — TWO Swedish girls wish place together as
cook and second work. MRS. NORTON, 313
Sutter st.
AMERICAN lady who is experienced and un-
derstands the management of hotel. or first-
class roomins-houee would like position as
housekeeper; city references. Box 4130, Call.
W'MAN wants situation to do ireneral house-
work and is good cook; can give best refer- '
ences. 25S Minna st. ¦
AMERICAN woman would like housekeeper's
position or cooking; no objection to country.
MRS. FAIRBANKS. 278 Turk st.
A RELIABLE woman would act as companion
or housekeper forjady living alone; city ref-
erences. Box 4439| Call office.
A RESPECTABLE girl wishes situation to do
housfa-ork; city references. Apply 110 8th st.
SITUATION wonted; a good cook; references.
2107% Pine at. • - • ¦¦•-.-.- r
YOUNG woman wishes to do second work In
American family;, wages $25. Bex 4423, Call.
AMERICAN woman would like housekeeper's
position or cooking; no objection to country.
_-MRS. FAIRBANKS, 0« Mission ftt. . .
SAJT FRANCISCO CALL. j
BUSINESS OFFICE of the Saa Francisco j
Call, corser Market and Third streets; open !
k-.V.I 12 o'clock every night in the year. j
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street,
•orr.er Clay; open ustll 9:30 p. m.
liOO Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
CS» McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
CIS Larkin rtreet; open until 9:110 p. m.
1941 Mission rtreet; open until 10 p. m.
2261 Markat street, corner Sixteenth; open |
estll a p. m.
106 Eleventh meet; epea until 9 p. m.
10P6 Valencia street; open untn 0 p. m.
Northeast corner Church *nd Duncan streets:
open until 9 t. ph.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and
Kentucky streets; open until 9 p. rn.
T2Q0 Ftllmcie street: open until fl p. m.
f ~~**~~* -~-—~~— _
meetim; soticks.
CALIFORNIA Co_mandery No. 1. K- < ft a
T.— Sir Knighta will assemble at the jfjn
_»Mum THIS DAY (MONDAY) at [Ml
10 o'clock a. m.. to act aa e«cort to
the M. W. Grand M«*ter at the lay-
ing of the cornerstone of the new nau or
THOMAS *H. BROWNE. Commander.
T. L. H_NDE-RSON._Recorder.
AETLUM of Golden Gate Cora raandery -j-
No 1« K. T-. «25 Sutter St.— Special TOtf*
. 6 .e_bly THIS EVENING at 8 O
o'clock Order of Temple. All f raters
are coar-.eously lnvMed. By order of
• >n « comin T ana ; «;. DoMtFBOLXCH|
Pan Francisco Chapter *»"* *• SS^^A*
Vrch Masons, meets THIS EVENING. VVT
M. M. _egr»e. / ? »
H. G. PRINCE. Secretary.
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22. F. and A- f_^
M.— C*Med meeUng THIS (MONDAY) VY
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. First de- /Y\
¦Tree. By order of the W. M.
WALTER G. ANDERSON. BecreUry.
HERMANN Lodge No. 127. F. and A, O
M.— Called meeting THIS DAY (MON-Vy
DAY). October 12, 190S, at 7 :30 o'clock /V\
p. rn. Degroe 1. By order of tb*
W. M. L. SCHUMACHER. Secretary.
XING Solomcn'e Lodge No. 2C0. F. and _
A. M.— The offlceni and members trtyy
recuested to attend the ceremonies of /^f\
the laying of the corner-atone of King
Solomon's Hall, under the auspices of the '
Grand Isoige of California. THIS DAY, at 11
o'clock a. m.. from "1S28 Flilznore et. All
blaster Masons are invited to be present.
HARRY BAEHR, Secretary.
KING Solomon's Lodge No 2C0, F. and <_
A. M.. ISSfl Flllmcre St.— First degree VV'
THIS EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. /V\
HARRY BAEHR. Secretary.
TO the Members of Court Sunflower w ¦
No. 1S7. F. of A.— You are request- **<-_*'
ed to attend the funeral of c\|r
BROTHER J. LEVY of this court. !cj.f
Funeral from the residence, 917 », <S£>
Filbert St., MONDAY MORNING, at 9:30
o'clock sharp. By order of
J. BOOG. Chief Ranger.
EUREKA Lodge No. 9. K. of P.. 90!>
Market 8L — Attend funeral of ourv_^y
late brother. GEORGE D. H. RECK. 7&f§
frcm our hall. TUESDAY. October _9j_>£
13, at 1:30 p. ra. By order __*-*^
FRED KLEIN, C. C.
J. W. C. EEATTIE, K. of R. and S.
¦T ANDREWS Society— "Heather" . C7 »~.
social MONDAY EVE., Oct. 12. In 3V, t*£W
large hsll. Distribution of heathet xVX_*
eer.t from Scotland. Members and "*_?^
friends cordially Invited. Admission free.
LITERARY COMMITTEE.
THE California Debris Commission, bavin*
received applications to mine by hyfiraullo
process from George Wleet in Magnolia mine,
near Georgetown. El Dorado County. Cal..
draining into Otter Creek. which reaches
Middle Fork of American Kiver. and from J.
J. Kcffmann and T. M. Browne, in William
Rourh _ Co.'s mine near Forest Hill. Placer
County. C_L, draining into Volcano Canyon
Creek, which reaches Middle Fork of Ameri-
can River, gives notice that meeting will be
held at room fee. Flood building, San Fran-
cIeco. Cal.. Oct 19. 190S. at 1:30 p. m.
STOCKHOLDERS' MEETING — Notice is here-
by Given that the annual meetlnr of the
stockholders of The Dank of California will
be held at the banking house In this city on
TUESDAY. October 13. 1903. at 11 o'clock
a. m. By order of the board of d'.rectort.
ALLEN M. CLAY. Secretary.
¦ , =!
AGENTS WAXTED. '
AGENTS wanted — Apply Halprunner Medical •
Mfg. Co.. 28 California st.. afternoons. |
ATTORN EYS-AT-LAW.
THE LEGAL ADVISORY. Inc.
Practice in Federal and all State Courts.
Attachments, divorce, mining, bankruptcy,
prosecutions. — djustments. corporations, pat-
ents, estates, probate.
Experienced and Kellable Attorneys Engaged.
ADVICE GUARANTEED.
CORRESPONDENCE SOLICITED,
til. 511 A. 511B CrofEley Bldg. Tel. John 2926.
N. E. Cor. New Montgomery and Mission Ste.
ALVICE FRElE ESTABLISHED 22 YEARS.
Divorcts a specialty. Private. Quick.
NO PAY UNLESS SUCCESSFUL.
G. W. HOWE.
Attorney and Counselor at Law.
Ojrn Evenitigs 7 to 3. Phone Jessie 4TH.
O;fices en Firtt Floor— Rooms 1. 2. 3, t and 5.
11J2 Market .^t.. Between Maecn and Taylor.
Almcii Opposite "Kale's" Dry Goods Store.
I ADVICE FREE
COLUMBIAN LAW AGENCY
Bm. fS. i>W Market; tel. Red CIS; bad ten-
ants ejected cpeedlly and reasonably; collec-
tions attended to; attachments: corporations
organized: civil and criminal practice.
P.CBT. W. KING, atty-at-law. Examiner bid.,
rocm Cll; all cas_v. damages, estates, wills,
sttackixsents. collections, etc.; consultation
free; no advance charges: call or write;
• •. enlr.jrs by appointment. Tel. Red 3e01. |
A 1 -VICE free — I will advence cost In meritori-
ous cajes. divorces, probate and ail other law j
P'cse*: no fees in advance; open every even- 1
IBS, J- M. THURSTON. S19 Market st.. r. 3L j
DIVORCE — Cn*ti«, $12: quick, quiet; open even-
'.;:ss. 827 Market st.. room 301.
A. M. EWING — Attorney-at- law. Room 612.
Parrott bldg.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 827 Mar-
ket St.; consultation free; no fees in advance.
AITKEN A AITKEN. attorneys, ra. 309-10-1L
CIun:e bldg.. 503 California st. ; tel. Main 727.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful; all
in— hUFlr.r-**. W. W. Davidson. 027 Market.
nPSiyESS CHAJfCEB.
HERE Is an opportunity; a partner wanted In
the chief hotel and saloon in a rich mining
region in California; 55 rooms, parlors, etc..
etc.: office of two stage lines; open day and
night; sawmill, water, large lot stable barn
<¦»»>. hogs and about 100 chickens owned by
hoiel; no- rent; no water bills; no milk bills;
•>l«-tric lighted; one partner ill; $1000 cash,
balance easy. Further particulars from
RICHARD PHELAN. room 97. Golden West
Hotel.
IF you desire to sell or exchange business, real
e t'r.rr or mines, no matter where located, or
dcclre to Invest money, try INTERNATION-
AL BROKERAGE ASS'N INC.. 330 Pine
»t.. B. F.. Cal. ;
f 760 — PARTNER In well-established fruit
r.nd produce commission bus.; outgoing part-
r.er retiring, account old age. Box. 4054, CalL
SNAP — Bargain: 14 rooms; central location";
price gS50. Western Realty Co.. 1007H Mrkt.
CUUKOTKD a-ivertlsement* and rubserlptlons
received at Cull branch office. 22O0 Flllmor*.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia rt.
LODraXG-HOfSES FOR SALEl
ICO ROOKS; house for men; rent $140. . .J4W0
f>8 i-pcms; south of Market: rent $100. 2000
24 rocrr.i; ccrrer; part cash: bal. easy. 830
11 rocras; cood Income: rent $20.... 350
21 rooms; water front; rent $40; lease.. 650
120 roorcs: good lease: low r»nt 6500
87 rrr.f.; apart ments;Western Add. ;rent 2S0
Mcnoy Jeare<j at 1 per cent.
Hotel.'. roarfhou*e«. flats. 5 to 100 rooms.
EITEL & CARROLL. Kearny st.
CAItPET IIKATING A.\D CLEA.MXO.
AIR. com pres -ed. dry. ice cold, is row unlver-
rally u»cd in sanitarily cleaning carpets, on
ficor. without removal cr Injury: prices mod-
.-rate. Apply S. F. COMPRESSED AIR
CLEANING CO.. Call bid.; phone Main 3237. :
WHSSS you become disgusted with your work ¦
rcid tor SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
inc Vv'orJtr. :i55-."57 Tehatna *t. : tel. South 40. ;
SMITH'S Carpet Cleaning Co.; Al work guar-'
antctrd. 3r. 1SI3 ICtb ir.t. : phone Capp 155L
WESTERN Cnrpet Cleaning Works. 1S00 Har-
r:*on «_: Al cleaning. 3c; teL Mission 225.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating Co., J. McQueen
rror>r!etor. .'{23 Guerrero nt.; tel. Mission 49.
TRY KOPKE BROS.: »xo»!l<»:it carpct-bcatlng;
Tsattres«(-s rr.a_e over.li-_ Ho— ard;South 216.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter sU;
tel. Main S94. GEO. WALCOM A: CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; price*
re».8CT.aM». 1703 Harriton St.: tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN-S Superior Carpet-beating Works.
333 Golden Gate ave.: triophone East 12C. .
¦> cniKoroDiSTS. ~
CUNLAP FOOT INSTITUTE, B0 Geary— All
«Um»nty of the feet cured: corns. bunlons.etc
J COLLECTIoy OFFICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION*
CO.. 4J5 Itonucmcry. room* 9-10; teL 6599.
Th© prosy old professor Is a scientific grent, •
His talk is often so abstruse his friend don't know what's meant.
If you're writing cut an ad you mustn't he like him.
But make it plain as wcrds can be and full of snap and vim.
And then besides you must be sure to put It in The Call, .
For you will nnd as others have it pays the best of all.Not wishing to take any chances, the
company decided to build the road on
Sunday, on which day an injunction could
not be secured or served. About 300 men
were employed all day in tearing up the
street, and to-night a force of over 100
men is at work. All day long Market
street has been thronged, and the great
est enthusiasm has been shown. The sen
timent of the entire city is with the build
ers of the San Jose-Los Gatos railway.
To-day's railroad building is believed to
mark an era in a greater San Jose. The
work of construction was taken up near
the City Hall Park, where work was
stopped a week ago. The pavement was
removed, ties laid on the street founda
tion and rails strung as far as Santa
Clara street before midnight to-night. A
move will probably be made by the pro
testants in court to-morrow.
On Friday the City Store, a corporation,
brought suit in tbe Superior Court to se
cure a permanent injunction against the
railway. It was alleged that the building
of the road would be detrimental to its
property. It was understood that as soon
as the work of construction was com
menced the City Store would apply for a
temporary Injunction and stop the work.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 1L— The San Jose-Los
Gatos Inter urban Electric Railway stole
a march on the protesting property own
ers along Market street, between San Fer
nando and Santa Clara, early this morn
ing.
About 6 o'clock Contractor G. W. Elder
and a force of 300 men appeared on the
scene and began tearing up Market street
for the roadbed of the track. This stretch
of track was needed to give the line a city
end. Never before had railroad building
been carried on in the Garden City on a
Sunday. About 300 people cheered the
railroad builders.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
San Jose Street Torn Up
on Sunday to Avoid
Courts.
RAILROAD COUP
AMUSES CITIZENS
CHICAGO, Oct. 11.— Charles A. Good
now will sever his connection -with the
Chicago, 'Rock Island and Pacific Railroad
as general manager at the end of the
present month. Though his resignation
was forecasted several weeks ago. It was
not formally presented until yesterday.
Fourth Vice President John F._ Stevens,
who recently came to the Rock Island
from the Great- Northern, will have
charge oC^the operations and construction,
and it has been semi-offlclally announced
that B. " F. "Winchell, now vice president
and general manager of the St. Louis and
San Francisco, Is to be third vice presi
dent of the Rock Island and will be given
supreme charge of the traffic affairs of
all the lines of the system. Winchell It Is
said will move from St. Louis to Chicago
on November 1. It is also stated that
Goodnow*s position as general manager
will not be filled after tils retirement. '
General Manager of the Railroad Pre
sents His Resignation to the
Board of Directors.
SEVERS HIS CONNECTION"
WITH THE ROCK 1ST* AND
THE SAN FBAK CISCO CALL, MOKDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1903.
9
Smyth, a native of Inch, County Cork, Ire-
land, ared SO years.
ICInterxnent private. Please omit flowers
"WILLIAMS— In this city, October 10. 1003.
Cbauncey Burr, beloved husband of Dide M.
Williams, father of Mrs. R. H. Woods, and
F. W., Ia C. and Clara L. Williams, and
brother of Mrs. J. W. Cory, a native of
Ohio, aged T6 years 6 months and 12 days.
(?^Friends are respectfully Invited to at-.
tend the funeral services to-day (Mon-
day), at 11 o'clock, at his late residence,
C24 Church street.. .Interment private. Please
omit flowers.
WILLIAMS— In Point Richmond, October 9,
1903, John Bradshaw, beloved husband of
Adelaide Blller Williams, and son of Mrs.
Rlizabeth Bradshaw of East Oakland, a na-
. tive i of California, aged 21 yeara 8 months
and 12 days.
£7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Monday)i at 2:30 o'clock, at the resl-
dence. 44 Athol avenue. East Oakland."
AUCTION SALES
£* AUCTION. £a
CLOSING OUT SALBS.
R. H. Nason of Dlxon. Solano County. r« tlr-
injf on account of his extreme ace. &* years.
consigns 4O head draft stock. 4 to 7 year* old.
weighing from 1400 to 1S0O pounds: this to ta«
finest lot of heavy horses ever offered In the>
Ban Francisco market; there are matched
spans of blacks, dapde grays, bays and
browns: average weight 1600 lbs; reatle, youns
and sound and ready to work. Also 4 driv-
ing horses, .two having records of 2:17 aad
2tl7fc respectively.
A marnlflcent coal black "Belgium" stal-
lion. 7 years, weicht isoo, broke iingl« and
double, will be sold by same party.
AL.TA STABLES. San Rafael. R. F. Koch,
owner, coaslns 15 head of Driving Horses,
Kigs. Harnesses, etc. ¦ ¦'
All to be sold without reserve at
1732 MARKET ST SAN FRANCISCO
MONDAY EVENING. OCT. 12. 1803.
At 7:45 o'clock, by electric U*ht.
The attention of draymen and liverymen ia
called to this sale.
Horses will be at yard October 10th.
::"¦¦ FRED H. CHASE A CO.,
: . V" Livestock Auctioneers.
iK^ AT AUCTION TTTESDAT. October 13.
>-a> 11 a. m.. at 1140 FOLSOM ST.. I will
sell 1 handsome donkey cart and harness. 1-faat
road horse. 2 milk wagons. 4 »urr9y*.-2 caru,
1 rubber-tire business buggy. 83 horses. 40 sets
of harneaa. _ _^__.....
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
g CALIFORNIA J
I LIMITED TO CHICAGO t
j Leaves Mondays and Thursdays I
|1 at Or3O a. m., through la 8 days, ft
1§ with diner and all trappings. IJ
Other Santa Fe Trains :
£S ?" S" I 'or Stockton, Fresno, Bafcmfltld.
2:^n«*™*i Merced, Haaford aad Viaalia- fc
4.00 p. m. for Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for K&asaa City, Grand Canyon aad
Chicago.
Tickbt Omeii 641 Market Bt., aad Farrr
Depot. 8. I*. Also Ilia Broadway, Oak-
tanri.Cai.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Trains leave and are due to arrive at
bAN FRANCISCO.
<Ms1b Line. Toot of Marfcet Street >
hit« — From Octobxh 11. 1308. — n»m
7.00a Benicta. Salaun. Kiralra aad Sacra-
mento 7-2Sp
7.00a Vac»TlUe. Winter*. Bumsev. 7.2S*
7.30a Uartlnes, San Ramon, Vallejo,
Naps, Callstoga, 8aaU Roia I25f
7.30* Nlles, Llvermore, LaUirop. Stock-
¦ ton ,. .2Sr
8 0S* Davis. Woodland. K»!«ht» Landing,
Marytvllle. Oroville 7-65p
6.00a Atlaatlc Express— Ogdea aad Kaat.>.10.2SA
8.80a Port Costa, Martinez. Antioeb. By-
ron,Trscr,Stocktoa.Sacrameatoi.
Los Bano*. Mendota, Uanford,
Vtsalla. Purtervine 4.2S?
8-COa fort Coita. Martlaex, Tracy, Latli-
rop, Modesto. Merced. Fresno, '
Goahen Junction, Haaford, VI-
aaiia. lUkertfleld 5.25*
8.33a Shasta Etpr»«s — D»ri«. Wtlllana
(for Bartlett Bprtnics), Willows,
+Fruto, lied Bluff. Portland 7-S5p
8.30a Nlles. 8an Jose. Llvermore, Stock-
ton.lQne.Sacramento.PlaoerTlIle,
Marysvllle. Cnlco. lied Bluff 4.25 r
8 30* Oakdale. Chinese, Jamestown. So-
nora, Tnolumne and Angels ..... 4 25r
9 00a Martinez and War citations. S.SSr
10.00a Valtejo^ 12.25*
10.00a Kl Paao Paiaenger. Eastboand.—
Port Costa. Martlnex. Byron,
Tracy, Lathro*. Stockton.
' Merced. Itaymond. Fresno, Ban-
ford. VlsalU, Bakersneld. Lot
Angeles and El Paso. (West-
bonnd arrives via Coast Line)... «1.30p
1000a The Overland Limited — Ogden.
Denver, Omaha. Chicago. R.2SP
12 00* Hayward. Ktlrs and Way Stations. 3.25r
11.00r Sacramento River Steamers.. tii.OOr
3-oOr Bentda. Winters. Sacramento,
Woodland. Knights Laodlag.
;, Marysvllle, OroTllle snd way
stations 10-55*
. 330f Hay ward. If lies and Way Stations.. 7 6Sr
• 4.00P Martinez.Sanliitmon.VaUeJo,Napa,
'•- Callstoga. Santa Rosa. »-25a
4-OOp Martinez. Tracy.Lathrop.Stocktoa. 10-25 a
4 00p Nlles. Ltvermore. Stockton. Lodt.. - 4-2Sr
4.30r Hay ward. Nlles. Irrlngton, San J tS.SSa
Jote, Llvermore (511.55a
600p The Owl Limited— Fresno. Tulare,
Bakersfleld, Los Angeles 1.55a
6-OOr Port Costa, Tracy. Stockton, Los
' Baaos 12.25>
15 30f Hayward, Nlles and San Jose 7.25a
••OOp Hayward. Niles and San Joae 1025a
6-OQr Oriental Mall— Opden. Denver,
Omah*. St. Louis. Chicago and
East. Port Costa. Benlcla. Sul-
' ion. Elnjtrs, Davis, Sacramento,
Kocklln. Auburn, Colfax,
Truckee. Boca, lie no, Wada-
worth. Wlnnemacca, Battle .
Mountain. Elko.. ,.... 4 2Sr
' •.¦Op Vallejo, dally, except Sunday. . . . » 7 sir
7-OOp Vallejo, Sunday only f '"° 3
7JIQT San Pablo, Port Coiu. Marlines
and Way Stations. 11.25a
8.05p Oregon k. California Express— Sac-
ramento, Marysvtlle. Beddtng,
Portland. Puget Sound and Eaat. S-SSa
S.IOp Hay-ward. Nlles and San Joae (Sun-
day only) 11.55a
11.25* Port Costa, Tracy, Lathrop. Mo-
desto, Merced, Raymond (to Yo
semlte), Fresno, Uanford. VI-
sall*. Bakertneld 12 25 p
COAST LINE (Jarnm Uaage).
(Foot of Market Street.)
745a Saata Cruz Excursion <Suaday '.
only) ».1O»
8.15a Newark. Centervllle. San Jose,
Felton. Bouloer Creek. Sanu
Crux and Way Stations S2V
t2-15P Newark. Centervllle, Sen Jote,
New Almaden.Los Gatoa.E'eltoa. '
Boulder Creek. Santa Crux and '•
Principal Way Stations 10-53a
4.16p Newark. San Jose. Los Gatoe aad
. way station* (on Saturday and
Sunday runa through to Santa
Cruz;. Monday only, from Saata
. Cruz). Connects at Feltoa to
•nd from Boulder Creek tg.55 »
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
from SAN FKA.N CISCO. Foot of Market St. (SUp*>
-t?:13 »:00 11:00 a.m. 100 300 6.15 r.M.
From OAKLAND, Foot of Broadway — t«:0O (3:00
t3:05 10:00 a.m. 12 00 200 4.00 rJt.
COAST LINE (Broad taaare).
.. tar (Third and Townsend Streets.)
6.40a San Joaaand Way Station*.. ....... 83Qr
1700a San Jose and Way Stations 5 38P
7.15a Monterey and Sanu Crus Excur-
sion (Sunday only) 830p
8.00a New AlmaUen (Tues.. Frid.. only). 4-10p
8 00a Coast Line Limited— Stops only 8aa •»(:
Jo*e, Gllroy (connection fer Hol-
Itster), Fajaro. CastrovUle. Sa-,,...;
Unas. San Ardo. Paso Roblea.
Santa Margarita, San Luis Oblspo,
Guadalupe. Surf (connection for :
. Lcnpoc). Santa Barbara. Saugut
' and Los Angeles. Connection at
CaatroviUe to aad from Monterey
and Pacific Grove.. 1343*
9.00a flan Jose. Trea Plnos, Capttoia, : >\
SanuCruz.PaclfleGrove.Saltnasv ¦ , *
San Lots Oblspo and Principal
Intermediate Stations 4.13»
10.30a Ban Joae and Way Stations ,..- 1.29P
11.00a Cemetery Passenger— South Saa
I Francisco, San Bruno 1.05?
11 30a Santa Clara, Baa Jote, Los Gatoe
and Way Stations 7.33?
ai^OP Baa Jose and Way Station* ....... X700P
-. , 2.00p Ban Jose and Way Stations 19 43a
' 2.30P Cemetery Patsanger— Seuta Saa .
Francisco. San Bruno 4.33r
t3.00r Del Monte Express— Santa Clara, .
San Jote, Del Monte, Monterey,
Pacific Grove (connect* at Santa
Clara for Santa Crux, Boulder
'_ ' • Creek and Narrow Gauge PnlaU)t12.15v
3-ZOr Pacific Grove and Way Station*—
uurltngame.San Mateo,Redwood,
Menlo Park. Palo Alto, May a eld.
Mountain View. Lawrence. Santa
Clara. San Jote, (GUroy. Hotlla-
ter. Tret Pinos), Pajaro, Wataoa-
. vllle. Capltola. Saata Craz, C*»-
_^ trovUle, Salina* 10-45a
- 4-30* 8aa Jose and Way StaUoa* 8 -Ma
b OOP San Jose, (vt» 8anta Clara) Lot
Gato*, Wright and Principal Way
/*.„. Station* (txeept Sunday) 9.00a
55-3OP SanJoseandPrtnctpalWayStatlont IS-OOa
16.15P San Mateo.Beresford.Belmont.San
Carlo*. Redwood. Fair Oaks,
Menlo Park. Palo Alto {3.45*
S.SOr San Jose and Way Station*. 8.38a
7-OOp Sunaet Limited, Eaatbound.— Saa
Lois Oblspo, Santa Barbara, Loa
Angeles, Deming. El Paso. 5ew
Orleans, New Tork. (Westbound
' arrive* TlaSun JoaqufnVaUev),.. tc8^5A
3.00PPalo Alto and Way Station* 1045a
II .30* South San Francises. MUIorae,
Burllngame, San Mateo. Belr
mont, San Carlo*. Redwood. «•!>*
Fair Oak*. Menlo Park. Palo ¦ ;2 - . ?*
Alto, Mayfleld, Mountain View, ?**•»
Sunnyvale. Lawrence, Sanu
. Clara and San Jose J
A for Morning. T for Afternoon.
X Saturday and Sunday only. : Sunday only.
I Stop* at all stations on Sunday,
t Sunday excepud. a Saturday ealy.
« Via Coast Line. K Via Ban Joaqnla TaHey.
BTOnly trains stopping at Valencia St. southbound
are*: 10 a.m.. t7:00.».»..U:U) a.*.. 2:30p.m. and«:30r.»
WbbHj Call SlTOQ dbp Year-
COOK BOOK OFFER TO
CLOSE OCTOBER 30.
The Call's Cook Book prem-
ium offer will close on October
30, 1903, and all readers of this
paper who desire a copy of this
household treasure should not
fail to \ place their order im-
mediately.
I This splendid premium will
be offered to Call subscribers at
the exceptionally low rate of
fifty cents per copy. Out of
town orders twenty cents ad-
ditional to coyer prepayment of
transportation charges.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE j
ASSURANCE COMPANY
OF MANCHESTER, ENGLAND, ON THE
31st day cf December. A. D. 1902. and
for the year ending on that day, as made to
the Insurance Commissioner , of the State of
California, pursuant to the provisions of Sec-
tions 610 and 611 of the Political Code, con-
densed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner.
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company.. $4,500 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company. 1,326,660 00
Cash In Company's Office 2.158 34
Cash In Banks 21S.834 52
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans > 8,324 17
Premiums in due Course of Col-
lection 278,859 02
Bills receivable, not Matured,
taken for Fire and Marine Risks. 198 40
Total Assets 11,839.534 45
LIABILITIES. "
Losses adjusted and unpaid $34,254 19
Losses in process of Adjustment
or in Suspense 62.128 7a
Losses resisted. Including expenses. 37,343 39
Gross premiums on Fire Risk* run- >
nirg one year or less, $1,090.-
871 85; reinsurance CO per cent..- 043,433 93
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $968,-
'287 24; reinsurance pro rata... (100,863 03
All other liabilities 77,133 18
- / — ______
. Total Liabilities $1,247,163 40
INCOME!. . - -. =
Net cash actually received for -
Fire premiums ...$1,369,144 88
Received for interest »nd dividends -
on Bonds. Stocks, Loans and
from all other sources 43.458 18
Total Income $1,412,603 06
KXPENDITTJRES. "
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
¦ (Including ¦ $173,022 SI, losses of
previous years) $804,391 07
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 278,670 81
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 112.357 73
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes 42.478 74
All other payments and expend!-
tures 1C3.3S0 43
Total Expenditures .jl. 34 1.288 30
Fire.
Losses Incurred flurln* the year... $741,381 10
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premium*.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
y«£r .-.. $153,883,237 $2,009,044 80
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 174,901.443 2,093.791 8«
Net amount In force
December 81. 1902. . 176.979.924 2.059.150 09
GEO. S. A. YOUNO. U. S. MaxMucerT"
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this
29th day ' of January. 1903.
EDWIN F. CORKY.
Commissioner foe California In' New York.
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT,
THOS. J. CONROY, Manager,
GEO. W. BROOKS, Assistant Manager.
. 383 CALIFORNIA STBEET,
SAN FRANCISCO.
BALFOUR, GUTHRIE & CO.,
Pacific Coast Directors.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
STEVENSON Mansion, 807 California st. — At-
tractive and sightly rooms; best table and
service; lowest rates.
VAN NESS ave.. 1714— Private boarding-house,
home like, everything first class; sunny
suites; e Ingle rooms; choice locality: ref.
COUNTRY BOARD WASTEO,
A GENTLEMAN wishes board In private fam-
ily, town or ranch, within easy reach of San
Francisco; comfortable and quiet place. Ad-
dress stating particulars and. terms, box 4435,
Call office.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES
NEW- HOME sewing machine, this week only,
$10. $15, $20; slightly used; needles 20c dos.
NEW HOME S. M. CO.. 1051 Market st.
SPECIALISTS.
cXxARRJHrDKAFN ESS and NOISES in EARS
positively cured; new method: 1 week's treat-
ment free. Dr. Cottingham. 20-1 Sutter st.
~~~ STABLES TO LET.
COAL yard, stable and office. Third st. and
Sherwood place, bet. Mission and Howard.
STUTTERING AKD STAMMERIXO.
MELBOURNE School, Van Ness-Market — Cure
in every case: individual teaching; no medl-
clne. Inquire Into wonderful cures;home cure, i
L A* P - - S -V?iyj L1 H°^
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— We
sell better machines for less money than- any
house in th« city; rentals S3. The Typewriter
Exchange, 636 Callfornla;telephone Main 208.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each; get par-
ticulars. L. & M. ALEXANDER, 110 Mont-
somery st.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Inspoo. Co.. 508 Market.
DIVIDENDNOTICKS.
OFFICE of Sierra Railway. Company of Cali-
fornia, No. 220 Crocker bldg.. San Fran-
clsco, Cal., Oct. 1, 1903— Coupon No. 13, du«
Oct. 12, 1003, from first mortgage 0 per ceat
bonda, of the Sierra Railway Company of
California, will be paid at the fiscal agency
cf this company, the Crocker- Woolworth Na-
tional Bank of San Francisco. Cal.. on and
after that date.
S. D. FRESHMAN. Treasurer.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHii.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and bo
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
* MAEBIED.
LEICII— EDWARBS — In this city, October 4,
1903, at St. Mary's Cathedral, by the Rev.
Father Hannigan. Peter A. Lelch and Lil-
lian Edwards, both of San Francisco.
~~ DIED. ~~~
Banks. Rev. A. B. Josselyn, Dr. J. II.
Blackwood. Prudence McCooey, James
Charlier. Carl McCulloch. Elizabeth
• Crossman, Levlna O'Day, Blanche M.
Desmond. William. Parks. James F.
Earll. Cornelia A. Quast. Johann
Gaver, John Reck, George D. II.
Glllman, Josi N. F. Seabright, William
Haley. Hannah Shepard, Ann A.
Hare, Mrs. Sarah J. Smith, Captain J. J.
Henney, Maggie K. Smyth. George P.
Higglns, William J. Smyth. Robert
Jones. Albert W. Williams, Chauncey
Jordan, Dennis Williams. John B.
BANKS — In this city, October 10, 1903, Rev.
Asahel Bill Hanks, beloved husband of Sarah
M. Banks, and father of Edward Asahel, E.
Helen, Alice B. and Lucretla- G. Banks,
formerly pastor of First Baptist Church of
Sacramento, Cal., aged 54 years 4 months
and 5 days.
ICyFriends- and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend' the funeral services
Monday. October 12, 1903, at 2 o'clock, at
the First Baptist Church, Eddy street, n«ar
Jones. Interment private. Remains at the
mortuary chapel of the Golden Gate Under-
taking Company, 2475 Mission street, near
i Twenty-first.
BLACKWOOD— In Oakland, October 11, 1903,
at 3ta Prospect street. Prudence Jane Black-
wood, a native of New York, aged 6S years.
CHARLIER— In this city, October i», liXK,
Carl Charlier of Crockett, Cal., a native of
Germany, aged 21 years. (German papeiS
plea:-e copy.)
', ICT" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors
of Carcw & English, 29 Van Ness avenue.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CROSSMAN— In this city. October 10, 100.1,
Lrvlna, beloved wife of Rossell Crossman,
and mother of Leonard S. and Casslus M. C.
CroFsman, a native of New York, aged 52
yea'rs.
[C Remains at the mortuary chapej of the
Golden Gate Undertaking Company, 2475 Mis-
sion street, near Twenty-first.
DESMOND— In this city, October 10, 1003,
William Desmond, husband of the late Mar-
garet Desmond, and father of John and the
late William and Daniel Desmond, a na-
tive of Kin&ale, County Cork, Ireland, aged
68 years.
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend tbe funeral to-day
(Monday), at 8:.tO o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 7C7 Mission 'street,
i thenee to St. Joseph's Church, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose cf his soul at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
EARLI.I — Entered into rest, Cornelia A., widow
of the late Judge Warner Earll, aged b4
years and 0 months.
(£T Funeral services at her lai.j residence,
2525 Virginia street, Berkeley, j. - 2 o'clock.'
Monday, October 12. Interment in San Luis
Oblspo.
GAVER— In this city, October 10, 1003, John
Gaver, beloved brother of Rebecca Gaver,
a native of Frederick County, Maryland,
aged 78 years 10 months and 23 days.
CC?" Funeral Monday, October 12, 1903, at \
o'clock, from Charles J. B. Metzler's under-
taking parlors, c;0 Washington Btreet. In-.
' terment strictly private. Laurel Hill Ceme-
tery
GILLMAN— In this city. October 11, 1903, Jo-
| seph Nicholson Fred Giilman, beloved son of
Mrs. Martha Glllman and the late Captain
John W. Glllman. beloved nephew of Mr*.
M. E. Nixon, and cousin of Flo and Elsie
Nixon and Mrs. Macindal. a native of Mil-
waukee, Wis., aged 22 years and 25 days.
HALEY— In this city, October 11, 1903, Han-
nah, beloved wife of Michael Haley, and
mother of John and Michael Haley and the
late Mary, Julia, Rose and Hannah Haley,
a native of Ireland, aged 70 ¦ years.
HARE— In Alden, at the Old Ladies' Home,
October 11. 1903, Mrs. Sarah J. Hare, a na-
tive of Baltimore, Md., aged 75 years.
HENNEY — In this city, October 11, 1903, Mag-
gie Kyle, dearly beloved daughter of Sarah
and the late William Henney, and sister of
William and John Henney and Mrs. E. D.
Miller and the late George Henney, a native
of San Francisco, aged 10 years 8 months
and 20 days.
E7Notice of funeral hereafter.
HIGG1NS— In this city, October 10, 1003, Wil-
liam J., dearly beloved husband of Lizzie
Higgins, and loving father of lsabelle and
Willie Higgins, a native of San Francisco.
(E7The funeral will take place to-day
(Mooday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence
of nis father-in-law, T. P. Rlordan, 1415
Peat street, thence to St. Mary's Cathedral,
where a requiem high macs will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul at 10:30
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
JONES— In this city. October 11, 1903, Albert
W. Jones,' beloved husband of the late Eliza-
beth Jones, a native of England, aged 52
years f» months and 8 days.
CCFFriends and. acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. Hi Henry street, between Noe and
Sanchez, Fourteenth and Fifteenth. Inter-
ment Mount Olivet Cemetery ,\ by carriage.
JORDAN— In this city, October 11. 1903, Den-
nis, dearly beloved husband of Mary Jordan',
and father of James E., Joseph -S., Petor
I., Dennis V., Gertrude and Emilie Jordan
and Mrs. J. F. McNamara, a native of Jones-
boro. County Armagh, Ireland, aged 73
year*.
IC7"The funeral -will take place Wednes-
day, October 14, at 9:30 o'clock, from his
late residence. C33 Webster etreet, thence to
Sacred Heart Church, Fell and Flllmore
streets, where a solemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul
at 10 o'clock. Interment private at Holy
Cross Cemetery. Please omit ! flowers.
JOSSELYN— In this city. October 11. 1903,
Dr. J. H., dearly beloved husband of Mrs.
Dr. J. H. Josselyn, and loving father of
Mrs. M. Leim and Marquis L., Edna I. and
George C. Josselyn, a native of : Boston,
Mass., aged 83 years 4 months and 28 days.
McCOOEY — In this city, October 10, 1903,
James McCooey, beloved brother of Owen and
'the late Arthur McCooey and Mrs.' Susan
Baslgnano, and uncle of James, Thomas and
Patrick Comlsky, a native of County Mon-
aghan, Ireland, aged 46 years and 5 days.
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 0 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of McGinn Bros., 224-226 McAllister
etreet, thence to St. Charles Borromeo ¦
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his ¦; soul,
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
McCULLOCH— In this city, October 11, 1003,
i ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA FURNISHED DOUSES.
FOR rent— Nicely furnished house In Alameda;
reasonable to responsible party; owner leav-
lng for the East. Address box C S32. Call.
° HERKELEr ADVERTISEMENTS
5 BERKELEY IlEAL ESTATE.
J. J. MASON,
Real Estate and Insurance Agent.
• Choice Property a Specialty.
EC cor. Shattuck ave. and Center at.
Berkeley. Cal.
° OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
0 OFFICE, 1118 BEOADWAY.
0 OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
AT~AUCTTON~ j
AT AUCTION.
0 AT AUCTION.
1 AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION'.
AT AUCTION.
SATURDAY. OCTOBER 24, 1903,
On the Premises,
At 1:30 p. m.,
The Relchling Houses,
! At
'• I Northwest corner Linden and Eth sts.. Oak-
land's prettiest residence section.
r S Beautiful Homes,
- In
8 Large Single Subdivisions.
" ! With 0, 10, 11 and 12 rooms, bath each; cost
a i originally $0000 to $11,000 each to construct.
Large Sunny Lots.
t, < Large sunny lots with 4'J ft., 60 ft, 69 ft. and
TO rt frontage by a depth of 100 to 165 feet.
- j <Nt/te sizo and depth.)
lieautifully terraced, above grade of street.
T i with the most artistic stone' coping uniformly
; i arranged around the entire frontage, with
- | palms and full-grown shrubberies throughout
, t e-a'-h garden. For years this half block of, resl-
" I dence homes has been the pride of the city, the
r j personal care of the owner, as one of the
• finest kei>t properties in Oakland.
Artistic and substantial, similar to the
. grounds of Golden Gats Park and the Schil-
f • 11ns' 6. Oakland's water park.
f I Rentals as an Investment.
I As an investment property has retained
steady tenants. Some of them, have occupied
same almost since construction.
- I Present rentals are ?30, $45 and $65 each,
r A HOME LOCATION
, j Fronting on the only bituminlzed residence
I street in Oakland; opposite and adjoining fine
• ' block of modern residences worth from $8500
• ' to $25,000; same block as the Havens' and
' ! George W. McNear's beautiful homes; 3 blocks
• I of Market or Adeline station; short walk to
. I Broadway business center; walking distance to
. ' h!ph school ar.d finest primary, grammar and
r | private schools In the city, without necessita-
. . ting children to cross streetcar lines.
One of tbe choicest, close in. convenient,
- ! strictly home neighborhoods in Oakland.
> I 'AN OPPORTUNITY SELDOM OFFERED.
- J THE PROPERTY MUST BE SOLD.
• SEVERAL INTERESTS MUST BE CLOSED.
O'K'N.ER.S ANXIOUS TO 6ELJ*
NOTE THE TERMS.
' One-third cash, balance on mortgage in one
; : and two rears.
. 1 To see premises, get permit at office.
, j Sale Saturday. October 24. 1003,
1:30 i>. m.. on the grounds.
• j Write or call for catalogue showing photo-
1 i graphs of premires and pivlng full particulars.
1 j LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE COMPANY,
. Auctioneers, |
; I 460 and 462 Eighth St.. Oakland. Cal.
> j $2500 — COMFORTABLE cottago with bay-win- .
dow and high basement: lot 140 feet deep;
fine large barn; gravel driveway; nice nelgh-
1 >6rhood; etreet work all done; above San
r Pablo ave.; terms if you like. J. S. MYERS
rr. GEORGE W. AUSTIN. 1002 Broadway,
[ j Oakland.
Modern house. 9 rms.; stable: Mascn & Hamlin
orran. Before 12 m.. 422 Orange St.. Oakland.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
| C»ll. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
T'nitert States cr Canada one year for $1.
'. OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
: TO-MORROW the day for bargains in furni-
ture. H. Echellhaas. 11th st..eor.Etore.Oak!nd. i
'¦ ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
'- ANTLEP.S. 415 TurkTt^Strictly modern, 4-5
room apartments; fur. or. unfur. for hskpg.
1 CALIFORNIA. 1514— Unfurnished rooms in
private family. \
: FIFTH. 119. second flat — Nice furnished
, j rooms, very reasonable; convenient; sunny.
'. FOLSOM. 525 — Suite fnrntshed front rooms;
' | light housekeeping: $2 25 weekly.
¦ I GEARY. 1225 — Housekeplng. suite 3 rooms; pri-
• j vate bath; also 3-roomed cottage; hkpg.; gas.
' HAYES, 929 — Handsomely furnished sunny
. parlor suite; separate kitchen; references.
• HERBERT (Tbe) — Sunny apartments for
hou«keej/ing; gas ranges; just newly fur-
nish<:d. l.ViO Polk tt. '
• i HOWARD. OSS — Two Eunny rooms for house-
1 keeping;.
TAYLOR, &11 — 3 sunny rooms, furnished, gas
i range. $10: unfurnished. $15; single, $C 50.
• ¦' MODEL House. 1206 Stockton— Newly furnish-
ed rooms. J5-$12; bath; gas; phono.
I OCTAVIA. 1423 — JuFt finished; 4-room 'apart-
ment, fiirn. & unfurn, fCO, $45; bath, etc.
' I POLK. 1C43. corner Clay — 1 large, nicely fur-
; j nished sunny room; housekeeping; $8.
• i SEVENTH, 1S1 — Housekeeping rooms; nice
bay-window rooms. *
: STATE. 120—3 rooms, kitchen, bath; light.
Funny, unfurnished; phone. 3417 Church st.
EI.'TTER. 047 — Front suite, unfurnished; also
third room suitable for housekeeping.
J TWENTY-THIRD, 3720, near Dolores— 3 sunny
bay-window rooms; nice. neat, complete.
VAN NESS, 70C — Sunny parlor suite, kitchen,
reasonable; 2 sunny front rooms. $25.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098 ;
Valencia st. j
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
ROOMS TO LET — Fum. and Infurn.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 14S Sixth— Rooms*
25c to $1 ptr night, 51 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte." S73 Market et. (or No. 1
Fifth et.)— Rooms, 25c, 50c. $1. $1 M night;
$1 CO to $10 week; house open all night.
ARDELL. 15 Pai?e— Sunny furnished rooms,
$1 25, $1 50; housekeeping rooms, $1 50, $2
week; gas stoves.
! BURNETT, 1420 Market (old No. 1364) — Fur-
r.lshed rooms, suite, single; also unfurnished.
j CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms: prices reasonable.
[FXLUfOBB, S?5, cor. Fulton— Two rooms, fold-
ing door, grate, ga? k bath, hot and ccltl wa-
ter, lavatory; nicely furnished; with cr with-
out partial board: for gentlemen.
GRAND Southern, 7th and Mission — Rooms 50c
to (1 50 night: $1 to $3 week; reading-room.
HARRISON. 7S14. nr. Fourth— Finely furnT
rooms; bath; all conveniences; $1 we«k up.
¦ HOWARD, 7C1 ',4— Nicely furnished bay win-
dow suite; man and wife or two gentlemen.
i HYDE. 1000*4! corner Pine — Sunny furnished
room. $0 BO; gentleman.
JESSIE, "ij'5. east of U. B. Mint— Furnished
rooms; $3 per month.
L.AGUNA and McAllister, St. James flat — Sun-
ny single room. -
MINNIE. 545 — Sunny front room for on* or
two gentlemen; reasonable.
MISSION. 1514, near Eleventh — Large sunny
front rocm; large closet; $2 00 week. >
NATOMA. 25 — A furnished room in private
l family to let; rent reasonable.
'NATOMA. 102. corner of Second — Nice, sunny,
furnlslied front single rooms; $l>week.
PLEASANT. 79. off Jones, bet. Clay and Sacra-
mento — Single furnished front room; no other
room ere.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis — Incandescent lights,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms per night, 35c to $1 CO; week, $2
to $S; month. $8 to $30; elevator" on ground
flocr; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
BUTTER, 622 — Sunny front rooms, with pri-
vate bath; rates reasonable.
GUTTER. 1115 — Lovely furnished front room,
all conveniences, rent reasonable; also hakp.
THE FALMOUTH. 1049 A Market et. ; furnished
rooms; hot tnd cold water; elevator; central.
TURK. 121S— Furnished rooms.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy at., near Market—
400 single and family rooms; 35c to $1 night;
$1 75 to t(i week; elevator; electric lights;
reading-room; free bus and baggage. ,'
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d et., near Market—
Moet convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
35c to $1 50 night; $2 to $8 week; elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room: free bus; baggage.
|6 A MONTH — Sitting and bedroom combined;
sunny: finely furnished; central. G. D. H.,
box 4427. Call office.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and aubscrlptlom
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
¦ subscriptions has been established ¦ at 10M
Valencia at. i
, . . ; . .Til** 1 ? 51 —^MP. 5??- ?:^?*- s '- j
JJ^-UT cf our lift of bargains In eecond-hand
* l>ianoa for October. 11*03:
Orlcinal
Price. Now.
1 MAJESTIC—
Walnut case, medium elte, 7 1-3
octaves, three pedals, full swinging
music rack, latest design, good con-
. eition $350 f225
3 EMERSONS—
Two in walnut cases and on* in
cak. email tize, carved panels,
three pedal *. 7 1-3 octaves, fine
condition, each STS 225
1 FISCHEn— •
Mahogany caw-, large size, 7 1-3
octaves. Sine condition, thoroughly
renovaiPd, cannot be told from a
new piano • £73 225
1 IUCHMOND —
Jdahcpany cap». lar?e size, latest
rtylf three pedals, 7 1-3 octaves,
mandolin attachment, almost new. COO 240
1 C. A. STOXE & OO. —
Walnut case, medium Else, full
F«melnR music rack, thoroughly
m ,,,vaiiri and equal to new 800 2S0
1 ESTEY —
Wainut cane, medium e'ze, 7 1-3
octaves. In good condition. 400 250
1 nniTENN—
Walaat ea*e, cabinet rrand, 7 1-3
octaves, thoroughly renovated and
equal to new 450 260
Corr-plete lift furnished on application at
our Btcr«. F HERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Comer Kr-arr.y and Butter *ts.
PEUSOXALS.
A— FACIAL BLEMISHES REMOVED.
Tl'rir.kles. yellow and Habby ekln. birthmarks,
smallpox j'ittlnss ar.d tccrs scientifically re-
moved without cutting, tnassase, electricity or
medicines; special demonstraiJons this weet.
Call or write DR. L. WILLIAMS, 371 Geary.
! JlR. VALENTINO NEniO, 910 Sixth St.. bess
to announce to whom it may concern that his
resldenca is tt prtacat at 23 Freelon st.. be-
iv.n n Bryait and Brannan, Third and Fourth
etri-eis.
THE Star Hair Remedy r«*sncri?B gray hair, Im-
proves its growth, stops failing, cures dandruff
and Itching scalp; no *tain or stickiness;
t olrar.Res scalp; at druggists', halrdrefsprf' : ac-
rfft r.o substitute. Star Kemedy Co.. !":'.* Folk, i
Profrssor Martin, graduate rr.asscur
W the Irr.irf>rial University Hospital. Vienna.
Ofnce 224 King bldg.. 121 Geary. Tel.
Excharvse £16
I.OT how cheap but how good Is the motto of
the manufacturers of the Rapid Rotary j
Standard, the Eewirsg-KiachiTie cf to-day. J. j
\V. EVAN'S. agfEt, ICT1 Market et. I
PiiYSICIAN', 15 yoars* exrrfrience, curet per- |
manently morrhir.e, cocoa ine habit. Call or :
address Central Pharmacy. 251 Grant ave.,
corner Sutter st. ; fee moderate.
to Whom It Ucy Concern— I will not b« re-
p fpcnsibl* for any debts contracted by my
wile, Agnes Hulk, after this date, October 12,
JIKtf. (Signed) JOHN' A. HALK. _
* PATRIOTS des'.rir.R President Roosevelt's Cali-
fornia i-i>evcl><H5 can have same tent, to their
address by remitting 32 cer.tF. V. THOMP-
SON', 251 Gra.ru ave.. Han F"rajJclsco, Cal.
»>JGVOR habit cured. W» p-jarantee to cure
the liquor habit in 2 days or r.o charge*. ;
Acmp LiQUor Cure Co.. 897 Market, r. 202.
* iJKt'NKKNNnPP, narpblaa and all drug d:s-
raws positively cured by Willow Bark Co.,
lS-» Polk St.: consultation free; call or write.
• 'REMOVAL- DR. W. C. STRATTON' has re- I
moved his office from 2235 Mission st. to j
. rooms r.T.'i and .*i74. Parrctt b!3g. lEraporlum). j
tJANTIN'G Tcesday. Thursday. Saturday and j
Sunday evenings at Teutor.la Hall, Howard
et.. near Ninth; management Prof. Foetcr.
AT Jess than cos*, uncalled for pJlts. overcoats i
and trouper? at CHAliLES LYONS', London j
Tailor. 721 Market st^
EI.EGAXT rults on easy installments ; 50 cents
and ui» t>tr week. LEON LEMOS. 1127
t Market St.. bet. Seventh and Eighth.
• f5 HATS a fpecialty this week. SIC O'Farrell I
street.
OLD bats trade new. SIC O'Farrell et.
ANDERSON — Elegant theatrical and masquer-
ade costumes rented. 26 O'Farrell st.
6VITS to crder on Instalment*. $1 per week.
Neuhaus & Co., merch. tailors. 727-729 Market.
EUPERFI-I'OfP hair ft moles removed l>y elec-
tric netd:e. Dr. & Mrs.Traverse-.1170 Market.
HIE best place to buy good umbrellas or
. have them covered or repaired is 120 Stockton.
ALL yty'.ei ha'.rdresflnp "T>c: hair good5: manl- I
curlnp. 2.V. G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton st.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 SO; dress pants f2 M).
M ¦ -:t Clothing Parlor.cor. Bush and Dupont.
¦ MAPQUERADE coFtumed, play bf>oks. Trips, i
. country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO., 733 Mkt.
/LFREDfiTS Er>Ttian Henna restores pray j
i-.air to lt« natural color; II; at all druggist^', j
Euperfluous hair and moles removed with elec- i
trie netaile. Mrs. & MIfs Eaton. 1119 Sutter. i
• A 'vTKEK'S news for ' centa — Tbe Weekly Call.
= I
PALUISTIIY.
11ME. DEVA6 — Scientific palmist and a<>trolo- j
girt. Palm readings $1. Hours 10 to 12 and !
r I to 5. aiid Tuesday evenings. 139 Post st.
H. JEROME FOEELLI. scientific palmist. CIS
Taylor et . near Gesry. Phone Biack 561.
REAL GSTATB CITY — FOR SALE, j
CHEAP HOMES AND SNAPS.
f24OO — Cottace. 5 rooms and bath; lot 23x100; i
Precita ave. ; care pass tbe door; f .">00 cash, i
9130^ — Cottage, 4 rooms; lot 25xK0: Folsom st. ; |
half b'.rck from cars; street work all done.
• f2300 — S50<> cash: 2-story, 7 rooms: modern; lot j
20xl2r»; fine nf-isrhb'>rhood; between Twenty- .
fifth and Twesty-dxtb ets.. Fair Oaks.
92100^ — Cottage. 4 rooms and stable; unfinished
. basement; can he made into a flat; Duncan
¦ El., funr.y side. bet. Guerrtro and Dolores.
#1100 — Lot 2'xl25; Fair Oaks St.. bet. Twenty-
fifth end Twenty-sixth; sunny side; fine
neigh V>rriood ; lots in same block held at]
f2u00; $500 cash, balance long time.
J. F. PLUMBE. 11C2 Valencia Et.
N\ II. LANG & CO.. 40 Montgomery St..
Exclusive Dealers in Probiite and Bank Realty.
' $*Q0^ — Stylish, up-to-date residence In JJis-
iicn warm belt; Just completed; containing 7
rooms and bath, elegant f.rlt-hed plumbing and
hardware throurhout; adjoining homes have
all found new owners within last two months;
eold to close f^rtner^hip account; easy terms
If desired.
I3ARGAIN — Two handsome new residences of
fi rooms and bath; sunny, modern and up to
date in every particular; Nos. 90(5 and 00S
Clayton fit., near <">olden Gate Park; price.
$5JO0 and SSMQL Apply R. D. CRANSTON
A SONS. 114 Montgomery ft. v
|100 IX) WN and $15 month for cottage, 4 r. and
b. en Nevada ave. Cottage of 4 r.. Fan Jose j
Bve.. IK>0 down and $12 B0 per month.
$?,rn down end $20 month. 6 r. and b.. on i
Duncan Bt. D Coffin & Co.. 3303 Mission, j
XJEATJTIFl'L hnmt; moderr; (5 rooms; front |
and back garden; will eacriflce; 2.1D Parker i
ave.; take 'Joary-et. cars; see to-day.
Bl'ILD on your unimproved realty; we loan i
full cost '.rrrrov. and part let at <i per cent.
MANHATTAN' LOAN CO.. Crocker bulldln.?.
FINE Income flats on Fulton, near City Hall;
reasonable. Inquire 142 Fulton st.. owner.
REAL. ESTATE Country — For Sale.
*V ANTED- To eell and exchange, fruit, grain |
and stock farms; city and town property; j
no matter where located; self* made and |
i trades adjusted on trmund Coor basis; no i
*- dt^aj-s. INTERNATIONAL BROKERAGE I
ASfc'N.. Inc.. 330 Pine st.
I ACRES land, adjoining Union Park. Colma;
'lenced hedges around land; good house;
chicken-houtes. water; -reasonable; chickens,
. ducke. n. 6. THORNTON. 418 Examiner bid.
LAP.GE list of country property, fruit and
poultry farms, etock ranches, graring end
timber lands; call or send for catalogue.
ROTHERMEL & CO.. 507 Ca.llforr.la H.
IF you want a etock ranch, dairy or coloniza-
tion tract, write CHAS. W. COE & CO.. 45 ,
West Santa BJL. Fan Jose, Cal. , i
f;0 BHTS a 1f»-aore farm; write for booklet;
its free. WRIGHT & KIMUIiOUGIL 003
j Bt., Bacramesto, Cal. . '- -
ALALFA lands, ttock ranches, orchards,
vineyards; ir.er^cted barpains; monthly cata-
lerues sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO., 643
Market n.
t-UMEER land— 000 acres redwood timber land
with new rawmill in Sonoma County vlll be
gold at a bargain. Pox 40CC. Call.
FOR poultry and dairy ranches yielding a good
profit. HAMILTON' & KE.NDRICK.Petaluma.
POINT RICHMOND nEAX. ESTATE.
WATER front lou end bargains; all tracts;
maps, r-hctog. etc. BELL. 417 Parrott bldg. ,
_^JORj» t GE_^XJO_WAilEno£SESr~
A^MPORIUjTstcTrarV r^aTcoTTTuTnltuTe".
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard st.. cear Third; phone Grant 161.
HERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Mo>-ip.g Co.. of-
fice Poet and Powell Ets.; tel. Priv. Ex. C7L.
CONKLIN'B Storage^ — Furniture and mcrchan- ,
dlse. 333 Golden Gate ave.; phone East 126. 1
J^OLDEN West Storage; advances made: 840
.Mission gt. ; tel. Howard »1L F. w. Zehfusa. .
PACIFIC fitorage and Furniture Moving Com- '
pany. 2320 Flllmore et.; phone Jackson 28L •
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 11 Montgomery
et.; teL Main IS40. Bhipptai at cut ratW^
Elizabeth J.. beloved wife of William C.
McCulloch, and mother of Michael Henry
Curry, a native of Albany, M. 7., aged, 63
years 1 month and 5 days.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Tuesday morning", October 13, 1903, at 10
o'clock, at the mortuary chapel of the Golden
Gate Undertaking Company, 2475 Mission
street, near Twenty-first." Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery.
O'DAY — In this city, October 10, 1903. Blanche
M. O'Day, beloved sister of D. J. and H. J.
O'Day, Mrs. A. Jensen and Mrs. J. Marlow,
a native of San Francisco, aged £4 years.'
ETTrlendS and acquaintances are respect-
\ fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from 'the resi-
dence of her cousin. Mrs. J. K. Cleary. 753
O'Farrell street, thenca to St. Patrick's
Church, where a solemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her aoul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
PARKS — At the Kennedy mine, Jackson, Ama-
dor Cotfnty, Cal., October" 10, 1903. James F.
Parks, a native of Missouri, aged (J8 years.
ICyFriends and acquaintances are "respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Tuesday, October 13. at 11 o'clock, at the
chapel, Odd Fellows' Cemetery,' San. Fran-
cisco. • ' ¦ ¦ - ' ¦
QUAST— In thla city, October 10. 1903. Johann
Quast, beloved brother of Mrs. P. Duecker,
Mrs. John H. Sehlesselman. Mrs. H. Wriede
of Hamburg and Johannes Quast, a native of
Hamburg, Germany, aged 67 yeara 11 montn 3
and 16 days.
tCTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1K> Parker avenue, near Point Lobos
avenue. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
RECK— In this city." October 10, 1903, George
D. H. Reck, beloved father of George Reck,
beloved son of George F. Reck and the. late
Margaret Reck, and brother of the late R.
W. Reck, a native of San Francisco, aged
S3 years 1 month and 0 daya.
ICyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence
of the parents. 1217 York etreet, and thence
to K. of P. Hall, Market street, where fu-
neral sen-ices will be held under the aus-
pices of Eureka Lodge No. 9. K. of P., and
McKlnley Grove No. 132, U. A. O. D., at 2
o'clock. Cremation I. O. O.,F. Cemetery.
OFFICERS and members of McKlpley Grove
No. 132, U. A. O. D. — You are requested to
assemble at Pythian Castle, 900 Market
street, to-morrow (Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock
sharp, to attend the funeral of our deceased
brother. G. D. H. Reck.
\ • CHARLES WACHTER, N. A.
P. O'CONNOR, Rec. Sec.
SEABRIGHT— In this city, October 10, 1903,
William, beloved husband of Alice Sea-
bright, and father of Willie and Alice Sea-
bright, a native of England, aged 50 years,
A member of Court Preclta No. 3398, I. O. F.
By Friends ' and acquaintances and mem-
bers of Court I'recita'are respectfully invited
to attend the funeral to-morrow (Tuesday),
at 1:15 o'clock, from the parlors of »J. C.
O'Connor & Co., 707 Mission street, thence to
St. Peter's Church for services at 2 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
SHEPARD — In Berkeley, October 10, 1903, Ann
A. Shepard, beloved mother of Mrs. May
Cheney and Mrs. Fanny S. Beardslee, a na-
tive of New York, aeed 75 years 7 months
and 1U dayp.
SMITH— In this city, October 11, 1903, Cap-
tain J. J. Smith, beloved husband of Mary
E. Smith, and father of E. B. Smith and
Mrs. F. W. Ely. aged 83 years and 8 days.
E7"Remalns at the funeral parlors of
Bunker & Lunt. 2006 Mission atreet. Mis-
sion Masonic Temple, between Twenty-second
and Twenty-third. Notice of funeral here,
after.
SMYTH — In this city. October 10, 1903, George
P., beloved son of Mr. and Mrs. John Smyth,
and brother of John, Walter, William and
Margaret Smyth and Mrs. James Geary, a
native of Oakland, Cal., aged 33 years 3
months and C days.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at It o'clock, from'h(s late resi-
dence, 1002 Eddy street, corner of Franklin,
thence to St. Mary'* Cathedral, where a re-
quiem hfch mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 9:30
o'clock. Interment St. Mary's Cemetery,
Oakland, by 11 o'clock, creek boat, t
SMYTH— At his residence, 4OSJ4 Thirteenth
etreet, October 10. l»a'{, Robert Smyth, dear-
ly beloved husband of Margaret Smyth, and
father of Robert Assheton ana Elizabeth A.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
/IjsQ&Yv »m rmmsi dea'al pr»otl«
«* " 847 Geary St
lirtot'y •pfoiiU Saratoga Ball
Reduced Rates for' Thirty
"' Painless Extraction . . . . . 25c
Fillings 50c
Crowns ...... $2.00 to $5.00
Plate Work . . . $5.00 to $25.00
i LOOK !0B THIS AD. EACH OIEEB DAT.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF EDINBURGH, SCOTLAND, on the 31«
day of December, A. D. 1902, and for the
year ending on that day, as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Califor-
nia, pursuant to the provisions of Sections 610
and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company.. $427,854 07
Cash Market Value cf all Stocks .
and Bonds owned by Company. . 977,225 00
Cash in Company's Office 3.3B9 34
Caeh in Banks 102,589 50
Interest due and accrued on all ,
Stockn and Ix>ans 10,337 43
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion 167.579 74
Bills receivable, not Matured,
taken for Fire and Marine Risks 848 08
Due from other Companies for Re- -.",
insurance on losses already paid. 6,108 00
Total Assets ;. $1,695,411 27
LIABILITIES. '-
Losses adjusted and unpaid $37,872 87
Losses in process of Adjustment
or -in Suspense &9,S?9 53
Losses resisted, including expenses. 7,600 55
Grona premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. $753,166 59;
reinsurance 60 per cent 376,583 29
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $827,-
407 08; . reinsurance pro rata... 446,077 82
All other liabilities 70.814 95
Total Liabilities $998,029 01
INCOME. =====
Net cash actually received for-
Flre premiums $1,041,162 13
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds, 1 Stocks, Loans • and
from all other sources 44,078 61
Received for Rents 18.974 20
Received for profits on realization
of Investments 3,396 37
Total Income '......$1,105,611 37
-"'.„:': EXPENDITURES. :=
Net amount Paid for Fire Losses
(including • $1MJ,551 19, losses of
previous years) ....' $596,609 44
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage •• . . 239,144 27
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc. . 82.065 57
Paid for State, National and Local
Taxes t. 25.618 95
All other payments ' and expendi-
tures •. 64,443 59
Total Expenditures $1,007,881 82
--«.*- ..-''- ~~ Fire. ~
Losses Incurred during the year.. $541,178 01
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the -
year $131,805,358 $1,458,388 35
Net- amount of Risks
expired during the
year 146,130,727 1,668,194 89
Net amount In force ¦ 1-
December 81. 1902.. 154,168.921 1,580.633 67
CHAS. H. POST. U. S. Manager.
N\ A. McNEIL, A sat. Manager* ¦
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 2Sth
day of January, 1903. H. E. FRANCK,
. Notary Public.
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT.
THOS. J. CONROY, Manager/
' GEO. W. BROOKS, Assistant Manager,
323 CALIFORNIA STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO.
BALFOUR, GUTHRIE & CO.,
Pacific CoaRt Dlrentni-*.
RAILWAY TRAVEL. -
5g9 * j ij j jj ¦ • sgil
Popular Excursions
To the East.
There are many reasons why our
Personally Conducted excursion parties -
are so popular— one of them is the char-
acter of our special conductor service.
Our conductors are picked men.
They must be competent and well
informed, of course, but besides that
their manner and way of taking care '
of things must be acceptable to our
patrons.
A cheery, good-natured, willing, well-'
informed conductor can add greatly to
the comfort and pleasure of the party.
Our conductors are of ' this sort.
You can rely upon that.
Kindly inquire about our Personally
Conducted parties before you make up
your mind how to go East.
$6 for a double sleeping berth to
Chicago or St. Louis.
W. D. SANBORN, Gen'l Agt. Burlington Routej
631 Market Street, Saa Francisco.
844
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
BAIL, WAT COMPACT.
Tibnxon rerry, Foot of Market Street.
SAW FRANCISCO TO SAW EAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS — 7:30, 0:W 11:00 a. m. ; 12:35.
3:30. 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
at 11:20 d. m. ;. • -
Saturdays— Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. »:30, 11:00 a. m.; X:30, 3:30,
5:00, 6:20. 11:30 p. m. ¦' <
SAN BAFAEI. TO SAW FBAKCISCO.
: WEEK DAYS— «:05,- 7:35, 7:50. »:20, 11:15
a. m.: 12:50. 3:40. 5:00. 5:20 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:05 and 0:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:40. 11:18 a.'m.; 1:10. 3:40,
4:55. 5:05. 6:25 p. m. ¦ , ¦ / - • .
Leave I In Effect I jVArrtTe - i
San Francisco.! Sept. 27. 1003. |Saj> Francisco.
' Week j Sun- I Deatlna- J Sun- I Week
Days. I days. | tlon. ¦ ' \ days. } Days.
7:30a 8:00a . . I 9:10a S:40a
9:30 a Ignacio. |10:40.a 10:20 a
3:30 p 3:30 p . I 6:05 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 5:00 p |7:35p
7:30a 9:10a 8:40 a
8:00 a Novato, 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma 6:06 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 3:30 p and 7:35 p
5:00 p Santa Rosa. *
7:30 a 10:40 a 10:20 a
S:0Oa Fulton. 7:35 p 6:20 p
3:30 p 3:30 p
Windsor, - «•
7:30a S:00a Healdsburg. 10:40a 10:20a
Lytton.
3:30 p 3:30 p Geyzervllle. 7:35 p 6:20 p
Cloverdale,
7:30 a! 8:00 al Hopland 110:40 a|10:20 a
3:30 a! 3:30 p) and Uklah. | 7:35 p| 9:20 p
7:30al 8:C0al Wllllts. | 7:25 p| 6:20 p
7:30 a! 8:00 al 110:40 a!10:20 a
3:30 pi 3:30 p| Guernevllle. | 7:35 p[ 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al Sonoma. «t I 9:10 al 8:40 a
5:10 p[ 5:00 p| Glen Ellen. | 6:05 p| 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 a) 110:40 al 10:20 a
3:30p|S:30p| Sebastopol. | 7:35 p|. 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Green Brae .for San
Quentin; at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton for Altruria and Mark. West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
serville for 'Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers. . Boonevllle and Greenwood: at
Hopland for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs.
Kelseyville. Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay. Lake-
port and Bartlett. Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy
Springs. Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Porno,
Potter Valley. John Day's. Riverside. Lierly's,
Bucknell's. Sanhedrln. Heights, Hullville. Orr's
Hot Springs, Halfway House, Comptche, Camp
Stevens. Hopkins. Mendocino City. Fort Bragg.
Westport. Usal: at Wllllts for Fort Bragg.
Westport. Sherwood. Cahto, Covello. Layton-
ville, Cummlngs, Bell's Springs. • Harris. Ol-
een'S. Dyer. Garbervllle, Pepperwood, Scotia
and Eureka. .
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday— Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. 650 Market street. Chronicle
building.
H. C. WHITINO. . R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
[pp^^pTO SAN RAFAEL
K^|pM|:sAN que;itin,
[BBHgBH,VHLL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, ETC.
j^^^^^J^^^^sj Sausalito Ferry.
WEEK DATS — (Holidays eicep ted) — 6:45.
t»7:45 8:45. 9:45, 11 a. m.. 12:20. U:45. 3:15.
4:15, \h\\h •0:15. 6:45, 9,-11:45 p. m.
7:45 a. m. train week days does net ma to
SUNDAYS AND LEGAL HOLIDAYS— 7.
+8. f9. flO, 11. tH:30 a. m.. tl2:30. t*l:30.
2:35, *3:50. 5. 6. 7:30, 9, 11:45 p. m.
Trains marked (•) run to 8an Quentin.
Those marked (t) to Fairfax, except 5:15 p. m.
Saturdays.' On Saturdays the 3:15 p. m. train
runs to Fairfax.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
—Week days— 5:23. J6:25. 7:40. 8:13 $9:35,
11:05 a. m.. 12:30, 2:20, $3:45. 4:50. 5:30. 6:15,
10:20 p m.
SUNDAYS— 6:15, 7:35. *S:10. 9:40. $10:55.
Ul:45 a. m.. 12:50, 2:30, J3:25, 4:40. *5:50.
6:55. 7:35, 10:20 p. m.
Trains marked «) start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRAN-
CISCO— Week, days— 5:45, 6:40. 7:45, 8:25,
9:45. 11:10 a. m.. 12:40. 2:45. 4:15. 6:10. 7:05.
10 SU > ND AYS— 6:35. 7:55. 10. 11:10 a, m.. 12:05.
1:05. 2:40, 3:45, 4:55. 6:05, 7:10. 10:40 p. m.
' ' THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45a.m., week days— Caxadero and way
stations. ,
6:15 p. m.. week days (Saturday* excepted) —
Tomales and way station*.
3:15 p. m., Saturdays — Caxadero and way
stations.
: Sundays and Legal Holiday* — 8 a. m.. Caxa-
dero and way stations.
Sundays and Legal Holidays— 10 a. m.. Point
Reyes and way stations.
TICKET OFFICE— 626 Market at
FERRY— Foot of Market st.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leave Wa SnstUts rsrrr V Arrrw^ 3
S— Fran. Bsstaf Ifartstft, ¦ Saa Fran.
)Ve«k Sou- ' "iem. I WsJT
Day- Daya.
»»*5a siooa ficmial i*:oo»$mz
l:43i> »:OOa \53KS3bbW l»:»Or3:SOp
5!l5rlO:OOA \SjOfk?iiS5& 3:3Op SifiOr
_«->.11:SOa. TfclggSf A.--1*»
fcfariays tsij. mn T>TtraT e»30y.minSJ. iliaoy
T1LLK t &JA aCuLaa-r St> (North Snor« Railroad
mm } aad SAU3KJLTT© Fzxar, Foot Uarkat ScWedding invitations, very superior, printed
or engraved. £dw. S. Knowlcs, 24 Second it,*
MANILA, Oct. 1L— Collector of Customs
Shuster has been advised of the arrest
at Shanghai of W. D. Ballantine, an in
spector of customs at Manila, who is ac
cused of complicity in the issuance of al
leged fraudulent Chinese certificates.
Customs Inspector TJnder Arrest.
SAUSAL.ITO. Oct. 11.— The city of Sau
salito will issue water works bonds. City
Attorney Pistolesl has been instructed to
prepare necessary papers for calling an
election for the purpose. At the present
time ' Sausallto's water supply is utterly
inadequate and the local water company
claims they cannot fulfill the city's re
quirements. About 500,000 gallons of water
per day is the estimated consumption, but
at present the supply is not half that
amount. : . .
Sausalito Needs More Water.
Trapper' ¦ OH cure* rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druggist*. SOc fiask. Richard. & Co.. 406 Clay. •
When the fall winds blow, and thoughts
turn to the winter's fuel, the gas range
becomes necessary. It's handy and the
fuel is always there. We sell ranges and
heaters. San Francisco Gas and Electric
Company, 415 Post street. •
In Kiatinc. China, a man was recently
executed by - being nailed to a wooden
cross. He lived three days before he suc
cumbed to his tortures.
A young man who registered at the
Grand Hotel on Saturday night as Wil
liam Jordan, South San Francisco, was
found dead in bed yesterday afternoon
with the gas turned fully on. The door,
window and transom were tightly closed.
He had been dead for some hours. The
Morgue was notified and Dej?uty Coroner
Fennell removed the body.
It was evidently a caae of deliberate
suicide. It was shortly .before midnight
that the young man entered the office of
the hotel and said he wanted a bedroom
for the night. He was assigned to one on
the top floor. He did not even have a
satchel with him and his clothing was
not by any means - costly. His manner
gave no indication that he contemplated
ending his life. -
About 1 o'clock yesterday afternon Kit
ty Cregan, a chambermaid, detected the
odor of gas coming from the young man's
room and she informed J. Ollphant, a
porter, of the fact. Ollphant forced open
the door of the bedroom -and discovered
the dead body. The room was full of gas.
When Deputy Coroner, Fennell searched
the clothing of the young man nothing
was found that would* give a clew to hi*
identity. There were two plugs of tobac
co, an election card and - an ' empty
purse. There -was not a cent of money In
the pockets, which, may. have been the
cause for the rash act. .
' Th© deceased was about 27 years of age,
five feet seven inches tall and of slim
build. He had gray eyes, fine teeth, a
prominent nose and long blonde hair. His
clothing consisted of a brown sack coat
and vest, light striped trousers, tweed
cap, blue sweater with red stripes, blue
underclothing and black lace shoes.
Young Man Found Dead
in Bed With Gas
Turned On.
Will Give Annual Benefit.
The eleventh annutl benefit In aid of
the charity fund of San Francisco Lodge
No. 21, Theatrical Mechanical Association,
will be held in the Alhambra Theater Fri
day afternoon, October 23. The enter
tainment promises to be an Interesting
one. as all of the theaters in the city
have volunteered to contribute the best
features of their current bills.
The Pacific Coast 'Women's Press Asso
ciation will hold its regular antjiial meet
ing this forenoon, beginning at 10 o'clock.
In Century Hall, for the purpose of elect
ing new officers. In the afternoon, begin
ning at S. the following programme will
be rendered:
Song (selected). Mine. Gaido Spltzy; reading.
•Theater Party" Cfrom Mrs. WJrr» of the
"Cabbage Patch"). Miss Blanche Vllas; son?.
"Aye Felipe 1 ' (words by Mlas Ina Coolbrlth.
music by Bdward Strickland), Miss Loulso
Groscet: readinr (?elected). Miss Laurena
KMzabeth Hoag; sours. "London Ronald," Miss
Arrtst«eme Schultz; lecture. "Coronation Day,"
Jack London.
Women's Press Association.
ENGAGES ROOM
AND ENDS LIFE
Good Judgment — that's what we use when we
print and bind for you. Mysell-Rolllns, 22 CUy.*
Now on exhibition and sale. Ladles' pock
etbooks. wrist bags, netsuki purses, card
cases and bill books, the prettiest things
over made. Your name in gold letters
free of charge. Sanborn. Vail & Co., 7U
Market street. •
Fall Line of Leather Goods
After the installation Mayor j E. E,
Schmitz and City and County Attorney
Franklin K. Lane, who had accepted in
vitations to witness the cer*mony. were
successively introduced to the audience,
and each spoke in a complimentary strain
of the citizens of German birth or descent.
About 2000 people assembled in Eln
tracht Hall, on Twelfth street, last night
to witness the public installation of the
recently elected officers of the local
lodges of ths Order of Hermann's Sons.
The hall was tastefully decorated with
festoons of the German colors, black, red
and cold, and over the stage was a dis
play of large American flags. On ont- side
was th« Stars and Stripes and on tho
other the flag of Germany. The main
floor of- the hall was fitted up as a lodge
room, and after the ofncers-elcct hud
marched Into the hall and were seated In
places assigned to them, the grand offi
cers and ex-grand presidents were an
nounced and admitted. These were Grand
President C. Hahn, Vice President A.
Hagedon, Grand Secretary E. G. Brugge,
Grand Treasurer F. Mlchelsen, Grand
Guide F. W. Reich, and ex-Grand Pres
idents L. Scharenberg, C. Trautner, W.
Rust, Oscar Hocks and D. Voght, the last
named being escorted to seats on the plat
form, while the' others took their re
spective positions at the lodgoroom sta
tions. After the formal opening of the
lodge the several elected officers were
Installed in an Impressive manner by the
grand president, after which the appoint
ed officers were installed by the grand
vice president. During intermissions in
the ceremony the Hermann's Sons* Glee
Club rendered several German vocal se
lections.
After the Installation the grand presi
dent delivered a short address in Ger
man, in which he reviewed the condition
of the order in this State, and announced
that at this time it is In a very prosp«r
ous condition, numbering a little more
than 2500, with funds in the different
lodges for the payment of sick and
funeral benefits amounting in the aggre
gate to $90,000. He also stated that during
the last nix months the Increase in mem
bership had been 165 and In finance a lit
tle in excess of $4000. After the proclama
tion of installation the lodgeroom was
dismantled, and there was a grand march,
led by John Hermann, ex-presld«nt of
Eureka Lodge, and wife, after which
there was a long programme of dances,
under the floor directorship of F. W.
Maas, assisted by John Mauer, II. Voight
land, Paul Kaldmann, Emil Lampe and
E. Handmann, tho committee of arrange
ments.
The elected officers installed for San
Francisco, Ernst von Bandel, Eureka,
Ger mania and North Beach lodges are:
Presidents — F. Hen»el, J. Hoehn. A. Hen
nlngs, B. Leuirer and Emll Handmann; vice
presidents — F. Baumann, H. Keasel, C. "W.
Miller, John Mohr and A. Kunne: eecretarle* —
E Lampe H. Heppert, W. Rehker, H. Frled
ansksen, F. Hoefenhof; trustees — A. A. Rltter,
F. Alve», H. Ergerlinr, J. Bteften. C. Zlmmer
mann. J. E. Bel?, C. Buch, C. Trautner. John
Diehl, C. C. Henke and F. Kuhn.
>
Public Installation of
Rulers of the Local
Lodges.
The Examiner is giving Its support to
the entire Democratic ticket and is seek
ing its election. Last Friday morning the
Examiner in speaking o'f District Attor
ney Byington said of him:
"He has proved himself worthy
of trust" and "he has earned a re
election." ? • • "Lewis F. lly-
ACCUSES BYINGTON.
Applaud, gentlemen, applaud! This is
the greatest exhibition of "lofty tum
bling" and "throwing back somersaults"
ever seen In this city.
"The continuance of the McXnb
regime means policemen on the
trucks and Gatling? gruns in the
streets ever?' time a strike Is in
progress. The Examiner -will not
he swerved from Its fidelity to the
people, who trust It and in whom It
belicvcn. It will llalit the men and
the political candidates who are
lined up with Gavin McNab."
"The Democratic ticket is headed
by Franklin It. Lane as Its candi
date for Mayor. • • • jn r . i, nn e
Is nominated at a time when the
city needs a trained official at Its
head. ' A conspiracy Is on foot to
turn the city over to the corpora
tions and the politicians to be rob
bed. The corporations want fran
chises. The politicians -want the
plunder that can be grot by selling
franchises and collecting: toll from
-rice and crime. To prevent this plot
from being carried ont the city
needs In the Mayor's chair a man
-who has had lone political expe
rience and knows the powers of his
office. Mr. Lnne is that man, and
the people of San Francisco are for
tunate that they have the chance to
set him." .
And this is what the Examiner said of
Lane and his political associates on Sep
tember 2, last year: .;'.'"':
The Examiner knows that Gavin Mc-
Nab, "the avowed enemy of labor," se
cured the nomination of Franklin K. Lane
for Mayor, even as McNab secured for
Lane the nomination for Governor last
year.
Here is what the Examiner said of Lane
last Friday:
FLAT CONTRADICTION'.
"Mr. Lane has been for months
and is now the perxonal candidnte
of Gavin McNab. McNab Is the
avowed enemy of labor nnions. The
Examiner is the friend of organ
ized labor and therefore will not
support Mr. Franklin K. Lane if he
is nominated."
Why Is the Examiner now taking this
attitude, when it published on September
3, 1902, the following editorial:
A slight search of the flies of the Ex
aminer shows that its present political at
titude is vastly different to what it was
some time ago.
The Examiner la fflvlnpr It* sup
port to Franklin K. Lane for Mayor,
when It well knows he 1» the "per-
Honal choice of Gavin Me.Vab, the
avowed enemy of labor."
The Examiner In beieechlnR the
working-men and the Labor Union
Jinrty to Kapport Lnne and "vote (or
ilm, despite the fact that It ha*
many times declared that Lane Is
the choice of 3Ic\ah, and > is there
fore an enemy of labor.
The Examiner editorially asks the "peo
ple" to support every candidate on the
Democratic municipal ticket, and says
the ticket is "deserving of public confi
dence."
Step up, step up, gentlemen! In addition
to the magnificent array of freaks and
performers the Examiner throws in the
greatest and grandest "side show" ever
seen in circus events. The "side show"
is giving away "gold bricks," and it
makes no extra charge.
A THICK OF TUMBLING./
the music of Gavin McNab, the
"avowed enemy of labor," at the same
time "performing on two slack wires,"
"carrying water on both shoulders,"
"turning back somersaults" and all the
while "dazzling the eyes with astounding
acts of Jugglery."
The Examiner's circus is certainly the
most wonderful ever seen in this or any
other city. Away with your aggregation
of talent that performs In three rings!
The Examiner performs in a dozen rings
at the same time, and is the biggest
"ringer" known Jn politcal circus his
tory.
yj. AUGHTER, loud and Ions, is dally
1 greeting the antics of the Exam-
I iner's political circus and its
'¦ i4 marvelous feats of dancing to
HERMANN'S SONS'
NEW OFFICIALS
NOTED PEOPLE
ON THE SIBERIA
ESbry Savage Landor,
the Famous Traveler,
a Passenger.
Among the passengers who arrived yes
terday on the liner Siberia were several
people of world-wide note. Probably the
best known was A. Henry Savage Landor,
the famous traveler and well known
writer. Landor is on his way" back to
England from the Philippines, where he
has for the last two years been gather
ing material for a book which the Har
pers have engaged him to write. During
his stay in the islands Landor \islted
many of the least heard of places, and
comes away with a high opinion of Uncle
Sam's new possessions. He was with
Captain Pershlng during that officer's
campaign- against the Moros, and speaks
in high terms of the American soldier.
The story of Landor"s journey to Thibet
is well known, and although now In good
health, the little traveler still bears traces
of the two year's illness that followed his
trying experience. Since then, however,
he has journeyed across Asia, and when,
he finishes the work upon which he is now
engaged he will cast about for new worlds
to conquer with his pen and battery of
cameras.
Another illustrious passenger was his
Excellency Major General Sir William
Gascoljme, K. C. M. G., who for the last
five years has been In command of the
British fortes at Hongkong. He has also,
during the absence of Governor Blake, as
sumed that official's duties in the British
province. The general is accompanied by
Lady Gascolgne, with whom he will make
a tour of Southern California before re
suming his journey to England.
John K. Kalanlanaole, better known as
Prince Cupid, Delegate to Congress from
Hawaii, came up on the Siberia. He was
accompanied by the Princess, who accom
panies him on his way to take up his resi
dence in Washington, D. C.
Ington has served two terms in his
present position, and no scandal
has attached to his office."
In addition to the attacks made by. the
Examiner on Byington on February 6,
1901, and on February 23, 1901, when By
ington was accused of being a party to a
plot to commit a felony and was also ac
cused of gross neglect of duty, the Exam
iner kept fast after the man it now sup
ports.
This is what the Examiner said of By
ington on April 3, 1901, in glaring head
lines:
"Bylngton is discredited and
crooked officials are given time to
reach cover. • • • Bylnsrton a
drug- on the Grand Jury. • • •
"Christopher Dunker, foreman of
the Grand Jury, has declared that
District Attorney Bylngrton has
shown himself a friend and pro
tector of the Chinese gamblers and
refused to draw Indictments that
the Grand Jury wanted. • • •
"Christopher- Dunker, foreman of
the Grand Jury, has exposed the
efforts of District Attorney Bylnsr
ton to save a Chinese nrambler from
prison. * • * lie has told how
Byingrton arsrued and pleaded be
fore the Grand Jury on behalf of
the perjured lottery dealer and at
last flatly refused to draw the in
dictment demanded almost unani
mously by the Jurors."
The Examiner then quotes an interview
with the grand juror who declared that
Byington was "standing in with the police
and the gamblers." . •
SEVERE CRITICISM.
The Examiner claims support for By
ington on the ground that "he has proved
himself worthy of trust and he has
earned a re-election."
Does this statement at this time coin
cide with what the Examiner said on
April 11, 1901? which was as follows:
"Wants Bylngrton to surrender his
place. - • • * The Grand Jury
asks the District Attorney to with
draw during- the investigation of
the Sullivan scandal. • • *
Grand jurors do not believe Bylngr
ton can advise them In an investi
gation of an adjunct of his of
fice. • * •
"A crisis has been reached in
District Attorney Byingrton's rela
tions with the Grand Jury, llyinjj
ton has been requested to remain
outside the jury room daring the
hearing: of the Sullivan case. The
Grand Jury proposes to employ out
side leeal advice daring the inves
tigation of the Warrant Clerk's of
fice, whieh is under the direction of
the District Attorney."
• • • "The trouble is the out
growth of the refusal of Byington
to accede to the Grand Jury's
wishes in regard to the Indictment
of San Jose Charlie, the Chinese
gambler, who, Byington admitted,
had sworn falsely, but whom he
wished to save from prison. At
that time the Grand Jary succeeded
by completely disregarding the Dis
trict Attorney's wishes and advice
by compelling hint to perform their
pleasure."
TELLS OF GROSS BLUNDERS.
The Examiner now says that District
Attorney Byington has "provepl himself
worthy of trust and that he has earned a
re-election."
This is what the Examiner said of By
ington on July 10, 1902:
"Byinsrton's errors make it easy
for Black. • * * Blunders in the
District Attorney's office clear the
way for the dismissal of the
chargei of forgery. • • • This
cane is so' badly tangled np that I
don't know where it stands. I
doubt if the District Attorney him
self knows just 'where the matter
is at present, and shall have to con
fess that I do not."— Police Judge
Conlan'i opinion of another of Dis
trict Attorney Byinsrton's blnnders.
• • •
"Aided by a magnlflcent series of
blnnders committed by the District
Attorney's of lice, J. II. Black, alias
J. O. Stone, has succeeded in evud
inic prosecution in this State on the
several charges of forgery filed
ngnlnat him. • • . •• District At
torney Byington and hin assistants
tn this case blundered along: In
their usual happy fashion, aiding;
the prisoner in his circumvention
of the ends of justice. Every move
made in the District Attorney's of
fice was made with such masterful
stupidity that it accomplished the
unexpected result of brinclnR
Black, step by step, nearer to free
dom.. .
"The harder that Bylngton strove
In his hit-or-inl»» fashion to render
such. interpretation of the lair as
Mould make poHftible a conviction,
the more forcibly Trail it borne in
on Black's lawyer* that if they
wanted to earn a fee tn the caae
they would have to make aonie aort
of objection . to • Bylnflrton'n motion*.
lent the prisoner should be set free
before they had an v opportunity to
appear in his defense. • •* • if
Governor Gage Krants requisition
papers to the Springfield . police,
Black will be taken back there for
trial. If this Is not done he will
walk -- ont . of the City , Prison >- free,
helped along by the asnal blunder"
of a District Attorney whose efforts
on behalf of the prosecution cleared
the way to freedom."
It Says He Has Earned a Re-election in Face of Former Accusations in
Which District Attorney Is Charged With Being Incapable of Doing
Work of His Office and With Shielding Criminals From Prosecution
EXAMINER NOW- DEFENDS BYINGTON
AFTER DECLARING HIM INCOMPETENT
THE SAN FBANCISGO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1903.
10
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Table butter — reg'iysccsq. 40c
Ceylon tea— Bee brand
regularly
GwwJra "Queen Bee"— $i lb SOC
Aroowella — garden 8oclb ¦, 6oC
Anccombra " 6oclb 45^
Palamcota " 50c lb 37|C
Coffee— Pasha blend 2 lbs 55C
B;tter than formerly— reg'ly 35c lb
Wacaroni— La Favorita 2 lbs 25C
Also Spaghetti— vermicelli-
letters and numbers — reg'ly 15c lb
Royan sardines 2 for 25c
French fish with truffle and pickle
reg'ly J 5C can
Dates — Fard reg'ly i*#c lb IOC
Best kind to stuff— 14 lb box $1 25
Baked beans— Boston i lb 5c
Plain and with tomato sauce 3 lb IOC
reg'ly 4 and 2 for 25c
Currant jelly — reg'iy 2 SC jar 22^0
Oneida Community-delicious flavor
BrOOk trOUt — reg'ly 25c can 2OC
For hot or cold luncheon
Asparagus tips — 10c
Aspara^US — Sunbeam 2OC
Hie ! m ott Vreg'ly 1 2}ic-22}£c can '_', :' \
Squash — pumpkin 15c
Eastern — reg'ly 20c can
Olive Oil — Sierra Madre 25c
Finest we sell — you will always
buy it— reg'ly 30c % pint bottle
Laundry* sodip-Home 8 cks 25c
'Purs tallow stock— reg'ly 6 cks 25c
Jlv INVALID?^
«t m^ r^ f M g- —
TMPC g^U^X NAM
PSfrj pwf?w fca El gyj P?| Ky E*S|
Mellin's Food and Milk is an
ideal combination ' and will
nourish and strengthen your
baby and make him grow.
We should like to send a sample of Mellin's
Food free to your baby. fiKSB
MELLIN'S FOOD CO.. BOSTON. MASS.
ga± ¦ ¦ B ¦ &\ Ammunition. Huntir* and
BBS !CAW*L" Eportlns Gooda. Largest
¦ I I E«Jb stock. Lowest prices. sieD'J
I1H ileia « for catalogue.
US U I « WfcJ 6HREVE & BARBER CO..
y*.?^ ¦ " 13» M*rk«t «t and 311
Ktarcz iu
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
BUY A MONTH'S SUPPLY THIS WEEK.
This being the middle of the month, we name exceedingly low nrlces to give you an
opportunity to buy a month's supply and get them at cut rate prices. Our bljf ware-
rooms are fllled with this season's new goods, bought many months ago. to arrive, and
almost everything In the line of eatables has advanced since our purchases were made.
However, we are Koine to give you a one-week opportunity to get some of the good
thing* we have to give you here this week. Now, don't delay, but come, and come as
early as possible, so. If you desire It. you can have your purchases delivered the same da>
or the following morning. All orders sent to us my mall during the next five days will
be filled and shipped promptly and freight prepaid within 100 miles. We deliver to all
parts of the city, to all surrounding towns, to your door, within 20 miles of our store.
1000 sks. Pure Cane Granulated Sugar, 20 lbs. for $1
In order to prevent dealers irt>m taking advantage it will be given only on purchases
amounting to f 3 or over.
3000 boxes laree bars beet Bastern Laundry Soap. S bars for 2Rc
1000 squares the flntst fresh California Creamery Butter, reg. 60c eq.. sale 4Bc
92 cases California Finest Fresh Ranch Eggs, reg. 50c dozen, our price pSc
38 cases California Fresh Store Eggs, reg. 40c dozen, our price .30c
1000 boxes finest Burbank Potatoes, reg. $1.40 box. our price SOc box
Solid carload California Best Flour, 50-lb. sack, $1.1O: 100 lbs .....$2.15
43 chests New Teas, Just arrived; reg. SOc teas at tea stores; Young Hyson, Oolong. Gun-
powder, Splderleg, Japan Uncolored, Japan, Ceylon, English Breakfast; our price, lb..
45c; 5 lbs *2
1000 sqrs. good, sweet Creamery Butter; sale price, sq ....40c
67 case* Sweet Mountain Peas; others ask 15c can; Our price 3 for..... 25c
660 finest Eastern Sugar-Cured Hams; any brand we have; reg. ISc; sale price 14 tic
Pure Leaf I^ard, 5-lb. nails, OOc: 10-lb. pails (bousht before the advances) ...fl.UO
4S0 finest Eastern Sugar-Cured Picnic Hams; reg. 15c: our price :. lOc
2 1-lb. cans Corn. Beef, 25c; doz.. J?l.:t5; 2-lb. cans Corn Beef, can, SOc; doz ...92.33
10c can* Pure Spices, 4 for 3Oc; doz.. SOc; 10c and 50c cans, sale price. :tOc
$1.25 bottle Lemon or Vanilla Extracts, OOc, or 60c bottle 40c, or 40c bottle IJOc
325 cases Heavy Syrup 3-lb. cans Yellow Crawford Peaches, 5 cans 50c; doz $1.10
350 4-lb. cans finest Mocha and Java Coffee; last week on special sale: can 75c
35 casea Sntder's Ketchup, just arrived; reg. 25c and 30c; this week only, bot 20c
32 cases 5-lb. cans extra gocd Baking Powder; reg. $1.75: sale price, can 73c
17 cases 3-lb. cans Sweet Potatoes; reg. 25c can; sale price 3 cans 25c
89 casea package Currants and Raisins; 7 Currants. 5Oc; 6 Raisins. 5Oc; pkg. Citron. .1Oe
Mahscll's Sardines, 2 for 25c: imported, 3 for 25c; domestic, 0 for 25o
12 lbs. German Prunes, 25c; 5 lbs. French, 25c; 1-lb. package Dunham's Cocoanut. .25c
7 tins Deviled Ham, 25c; 25c Jars Mustard, sale 3 for 25c; Marshall's Sauce, 2 bot... 25c
Email White Beans or Large or Bayo Beans, Red Beans, all « lbs \ 2."ic
6V. lbs. 15c Rice, long grains, 50c; G lbs. Flaky Rice. 25c: 7 lbs. Pink Beans ...K5c
All Canned Creams, 3 for 25c; Rolled Oats, o lbs. 25e; Rolled Wheat, 10 lbs 25c
White or Yellow Corn Meal or Flour. 10-lb. sks.. on sale, each 25«
4 cana Red Salmon, :*5c; 35c Kippered Herring, can, 25c; 3 lbs. Codfish 25c
Imp. Canned Soups, reg. 12%c. sale price, can, 5c; doz., 5Oe: Pork and Beans, can... Re
16 cases Gallon Pears, finest goods, gallon can, sale price, 25c; 3-lb. can .....lOc
18 ca*es full quarts Lucca Oil, bot.. 25c: 7 pkgs. Babbitts Washing Powder ....25c
11 cases 40c Jars Beef Extracts, 2 for 55c; r e g. 75c Jars Beef Extracts, Jar 45c
80 2-gal. palls fine Table Syrup, each, 85c; 20-lb. pall* Jellies, pail.. 05c
Most all brands best Baking Powder, lb. can, 35c; 7 lbs. Pearl Barley. Tapioca .25c
200 cases Baltimore Oysters, 6 cans, 45c; R. R. Plum Puddlne, reg. 35c, now....... .20c
$1.25 bot. Malt Whiskey BOc 50c bot. Maraschino Cherries rjOe
$1.25 bot. Vermouth ......5Oc $1.00 bot. Rock and Ky*. 5Oc
$1.00 bot. College Club Whiskey.. 5Oc Old Kentucky Whiskey, gal 91.<i.%
5-year-old Maryland Rye. gal $1.«>."> $4 to $5 Bourbon or Rye Whiskey... ..«U£.5O
7-year-old Baltimore Bourbon, gral JM.7._> $5 to ?6 Bourbon or Rye Whiskey.... .fta.OO
$3 to $4 Bourbon or Rye Whiskey..... f 2.15 S-year-old Brandy, gal.... ........*2.OO
$1.00 bot. Silver Crescent Whiskey. 50o imp. Vermouth. gal...................»1.5O
0-year-old McBrayer Whiskey, bot «0c $5 Scotch Whiskey, gal .....92.50
9-year-old Old Crow Whiskey, bot. .....OOc $5 Irish Whiskey, gal....... ..$2.50
$1.25 bot. O. Y. S. Whiskey, bot «Oc $1.50 Port or Sherry, gal. ..7Oc
35c bot. Port or Sherry.. 2Oc 75c Claret, gal ..4<)c
25c bot. Claret • loo Blackberry Brandy, gal S2.OO
$1.25 Irish or Scotch Whiskey, bot. . <>Oc Imp. Jamaica Rum. gal. .»2.75
$1.00 Fine Old Gin 50c Old Apricot Brandy, gal 92.OO
$1.00 bot. Oid Brandy, thlf week... SOc Old Peach Brandy, gal .; #2.40
$1.25 full qt. Furnett....: ..OOc California Beers, doz... SI. 10
$1.00 bot. Jamaica Rum, this week. ....OOc OldiTom Gin, gal...-. 92.25
Absinthe, per bot........ ........BOc Holland Imp. Gin, gtU. ............ .. .32.5O
$1.25 bot. Stomach Bitters, now... ...... 7j>c Old Forester Gin. gat. ....fl.OS
We want you to know we are leaders for all rood thlnss to eat and drink and will
retail you goods at wholesale prices. . Out of the city buyers, make up a list of what you
want; mail it to us and let us submit you-prices. . :¦ .j,- ¦: -.•» ..>. ;•-. • •-,
1049 Market, bet. Sixth and Seventh, opp. Jones or McAllister or Hibemla Bank. '
ADVEBTISEMEinS^
This week we will show a most eleaant
stock of FRENCH and ENGLISH Black DRESS
FABRICS at exceedinrjlu low DPices.
i\ flfl vA 50-inch Black English Zihellne;
$1.UU yd. S Hk finish.
$1.00 yd. B!* BIack Emish GranItB
$1.00 yd. 44-inch Black French Voile.
Ci 7c V A 47-inch Black English Pehhle
$1.43 yu. camels 1 Hair.
$1 25 vd 47 " inch Black Noi)I)B CanYas suk-
/ • ing.
$1.50 yd. 54-inch Black Pehhle Cheviot,
$L50 ydi 44-inch Black NoDDe Etamina.
We will also show a full variety of fine
NoDDe Canvas Cloths, Creps Etamines, Silk
Camels' Hair, Broadcloth and Venetians.
We have just opened a veru large ship-
ment of Ladhs', Children's and Gsnts' Um-
hrellas, in pure Silk, Silk Gloria, Silk Serge
and Taffeta Silk, These are in natural wood,
ivorUf pearl, silver and oxidized handles and
range in price from 50c to $15.00 -each.
• ! V Orders by mall receive prompt attention.
l^lvJ' 1 JL-Ly All orders fr samples or goods filled and
;^^ZZIII^^:^ shipped same day they are received.
111, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
GOLDBERG
BDWEN
R CO
Dentifrice-s>&^/</ 2 tubes 25c
Bran bags — French 20C
Delightful in the bath—reg'ly 25c
Toilet SOap — Melba 37 \c
Lathers quickly— reg'ly 50c doz
Carpet sweeper $i 90
Bissell—^ good one and so cheap
reg'ly $2 50 1
Hair brushes — 40c
Best quality bristles— solid back 45c
reg'ly 55c— 65c
Salt bOX — regl'y4°c
Porcelain— always handy
Liquor department
Whisky-0. K. Bourbon 3 f Or $2
The old and reliable — gallon
reg'ly $1 bot— $4 gallon
Port — Private stock 50c
Rich— fruity— California wlna $2
reg'ly 75c bot— $2 50 gal
Claret — Vin de Paysans $6
Itey & Co. — French wine — reafly
$7 1 doz qts
sailteme — Ha-ut Barsae $8 5C
Itey & Co.— French wine— $9 5a
reg'ly $10 idozqts-$n a doz pis
Sherry — Spanish $i 50
Empcrador— extra dry
reg'ly $2 bottle
A magnificent old imported wine.
fruity, with superb aroma — wholesale ~"
price to introduce it
Claret— V V Zinfandd 5°C
Pure— mellow— reg'ly 1% gallon
432 PINE 232 SUTTER
28OO California San Fr-ncl~co
°«th and Clay Streets Oakland
/^K SPHEROID (Patented) /fe\
I pi Eye Glasses y[ )
lKv/ Opera Glasses (^\
I S Sclcntlf lc l.
j-^S Instruments *j
\^J Kodaks, Photo Goods W.
DB.PBERCES
MEDICAL.
DBSCOVERY
FOR THE
BLOOD, LIVER.LU1VCS.
J^^|; nUfiMuUUl |JiNli|
JSpf OVERCOAT litl
H| FOR YOURSELF H
mm your boy am
mm your child
ft Our large line of Ov- Wt¥mY$M
v^iliiflvJ ercoats includes every t^^?^^
*$$g8ffi : £i$ variety for rainy or \^^^^^
MfiN drv weat her in the W^M^S
p$*§i newest patterns and
fwKf most shapely styles, wffijkftjmy
%Wfil They are the coats @f^W(
L0'/?ll we *' " dressed men, llM^'lf^
MM^ : -l hoys and children will [0k^mW
|||®6b gei the most satisfac- |j^S8
ftfe-^ f tion out of in quality '0£0£
§||[ Mill to man ||||
$s&tf$?§; ! -^ Bros. (So vsO*
l^lpl 516 " 5 18 Market street SpIS
below Montgomery St. :^M^&
ADVERTISEMENTS.
UPRIGHT PIANOS.
8 THIS WEEK.
THEY START AT S50.
KIR KM AN
Email nprttrbt; rosewood ease; rood
condition; «ju*ranteed $50
MARSHALL AS VI ITH
Thoroughly repaired; medium elie-
upright; very rood ton* f»o
FISCHE*
Small uprla-ht: rosewood case: tn
line condition; a bargr&in f 135
CHE TER
Mahopfccy case; used one year; rood
as new; price reasonable $175
HARDMAN
Taken In exchanr*: a splendid sec*
ond-hand piano at a reasonable
Price' fl55
STtCK
A fine Baby Grand; mahogany
caae; condition perfect; a enap.
VOSt&SGKS
One of our standard makes; over
SO. 000 in use; latest style.
CHICKE?I.\C
Condition as rood as' new; ex-
changed on a grand Chickering;
mahogany cose.
BenJ. CUJrtSZ&Son
16 O'Farrell St.
ky -, i _ mm ,._,„. i,.,.,jm \jA