VOLUME XC1V— NO. 113.
Bebel Encourages Jfgitation JPgainst
Himself in Order to Demonstrate His
Power With the Party in Germany
SOCIALIST LEADER
ROUTS OPPONENTS
Handful of Turks Continues to Hold Out Jlgainst Fifteen
Hundred Macedonian Insurgents, While Reinforcements
Jire Hastening to Prevent the Capture of the Town
BESIEGED MELMIKS GARRISON
IS IN A CRITICAL CONDITION
Injured Automobilist Is Identified.
HAVRE, Sept. 20.— The American tour
ist who with his wife was slightly In
jured In an automobile accident in Bol
bre, seventeen miles from here, yester
day, and whose name was then given as
Saddler, has been identified as James
.Van Fleet Scudder of Boston. i
PARIS, Sept. 20.— Eugenie Fougere was
murdered during Friday night in a villa
at Aix-les-Bains. A female servant also
¦was murdered and another was so mal
treated that she lost her reason. Rob
bery was the motive for the crime. Ac
•ordicg to the Figaro, the Eugene
Fougfre murdered at, Aix-les-Ba.ns was
*>ot the Einger, but a woman of the same
Junor
Robbers Take Two Lives.
PARIS. Sept. 20.— James L. Ferriere, a
well known newspaper man of New York,
died here to-day as the result of a para
lytic stroke. His wile in a fit of distrac
tion soon afterward took her life. Fer
riere was formerly for several years an
editor of the Paris edition of the New
York Herald. He entered the service of
the Associated Press in 1837, and at the
time of . his death was employed in its
Paris office.
Joins Her Husband in Death.
LYNN, Mass., Sept 20.— Two employes
of the Boston and Northern Street Rail
way were arrested in this city to-day in
connection with the extensive frauds
perpetrated upon that company by means
of bogus transfer checks, which were ex
posed In Boston yesterday. The men are
Herbert Shawman, janitor at .the Central
Square Station of the company, and Her
bert Morris, a conductor on tne Lynn and
Boston division. Shawman admitted hav
ing purchased about $4000 worth . of the
counterfeit transfers at "arious times,
while Morris at the time of his arrest
had four hundred of the bogus checks in
his Docket*- ¦-¦•: V;; ; » •
More Railway Employes Arrested.
Luckv*' Baldwin's Safe Robbed.
PASADENA. Serft. 20.— The safe in E.
J. Baldwin's store at Santa Anita was
blown open last night. Robbers first
broke into the blacksmith shop and got
bolt cutters. Then they cut the bars of
the window, put nitroglycerin into the
paf*. wrapped It and caused the explo
i-ion. The store was partially wrecked.
The robbers got about $400 in cash, three
gold watches, nine gold chains, a revolver
and some ftamps. The authorities be-
Ueva it was the work of professional safe
blowers.
Delater's feet caught in the iron work
of the bridge and he was suddenly Jerked
from the doorway and thrown beneath the
wheels of the car. lie was decapitated.
In falling he clutched at Mannl and par
tially dragged him from the car. Manni
received fatal injuries.
GRAND RAPIDS, Mich., Sept. 20.-John
Delater's head was cut off and John
Mar.nl was fatally Injured this evening
by an accident on the Bridge street
bridge. Both were members of the Michi
gan National Guard and were returning
from rifle practice, riding on a Muskegon
Interurban Line combination coach. The
soldiers were sitting in the doorway of
the baggage compartment swinging their
feet, when the car ran on to the bridge.
Militiaman and Another
j Will Die.
Peculiar Accident Costs Life of One
DRAGGED BY THE FEET
FROM INTERURBAN CAR
NEW YORK, Sept. 20.— Mary Shaw, the
actress. Is in receipt, of a letter from
Henrich Ibsen, the Danish dramatist, in
response to a cablegram which Miss
Shaw recently sent to him condoling with
him on his ill health. Ibsen in this let
ter accepts his correspondent's condo
lences, but adds that the reports that he
is in ill health emanate from his enemies,
the truth being that he is In better health
than he has been for many months. Ib
sen says also that he is at work on a new
drama, which he hopes will take even
higher rank than his "The Doll's House."
His advanced age, he says further, is all
that prevents him from visiting America,
which he would like very much to do.
Reports Emanate From His
Enemies.
Henrich. Ibsen "Writes That the False
DANISH DRAMATIST DENIES
THAT HIS HEALTH IS POOR
LONDON; Sept. 2L— The St. Petersburg
correspondent of the Dally Mall reports a
case which occurred at Irkutsk of a Rus
sian officer ehooting a Jew who refused
to give him a match to light his cigarette
because the officer asked him in an Insult
ing tone.
His Cigarette.
Shoots a Jew at Irkutsk for Refusing
to Give Him a Match to Light
RUSSIAN OFFICER USES
HIS READY REVOLVER
SULTAN SEES EMBAS3ADORS,
Regrets Turkish. Excesses and Says
Peace Is in Sight.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Sept. 20.— In an
audience with M. Zlnnovieff, the Russian
Embassador, on Friday, the Sultan ex
pressed .his regret at the excesses com
mitted by the Turkish troops In the vll
ayets of Monastir and Adrianople. He
said that orders had been sent to the au
thorities concerned to prevent their repe
tition, and he gave the Russian Embas
sador to understand that the guilty, per
sons would be punished.
. The German Embassador, Baron Mar
shall von Bleberstein,- also had an audi
ence with the Sultan, who showed him
self most optimistic. The latter declared
that the insurrection was drawing to a
close: In fact It already had been sup
pressed in some districts, and the Porte,
therefore, would immediately issue proc
lamations announcing the resumption of
the application of the reform scheme.
After the granting of these audiences
an extraordinary council of Ministers
was held at Tildiz Kiosk, and the deliber
ations were continued on Saturday. It
is understood that the council drew up
fresh instructions to the valis on the
line of his Majesty's declarations.
Official dispatches from the vails of Sa
lonica, Monastir and Adrianople report
numerous encounters which resulted in
favor of the Turks.
SERVIANS TAKE THE fc'TKLTV
Will Help Bulgaria.
Evidence Thaf King Peter's Soldiers
LONDON. Sept. Zl.— The Balkan situa
tion presents few features this morning.
The German Emnernr's influence in Vi
enna is said to have been thrown in favor
of allowing the Sultan the utmost free
dom - in suppressing the insurrection.
Both Turks and Macedonians claim vic
tories in the daily encounters. A report
from Sofia says that Bulgaria's military
preparations are reaching the stage of
perfection that will enable the concentra
tion of 200.COO men on the frontier within a
week, and the stocks of provisions, weap
ons and ammunition are rapidly becoming
efficient.
According to a dispatch from Constan
tinople to the Daily Telegraph, the Sultan
is so firmly resolved to avoid a war that,
on the report that France was sending a
fleet to Turkish waters, and again when
it was stated that Bulgaria was mobiliz
ing, he drafted a decree forbidding mas
sacres In Macedonia and conferring
more extensive local administrative
privileges than had been demanded
by the insurgents tnemselves; but.
on each occasion, finding the rumors
unfounded the decree was rescinded. It
is believed, however, that should any
power threaten a demonstration In Turk
ish waters the decree will be signed.
The Sofia correspondent of the Dally
Telegraph gives a similar report that the
Sultan la readv to concede local auton
omy, but will not grant a Christian Gov
ernor to Macedonia. Instead, he would
propose a mixed commission, composed of
Turks, Macedonians, Bulgarians. Greeks
and Wallachians, to administer the
provinces.
The Servian newspapers are discussing
the probability of a reconciliation with
Bulgaria, on the basis of free trade be
tween Servla and Bulgaria and a de
fensive aluance against the Turks.
A dispatch from the Monastery of Rlla,
adds the Dally Telegraph's correspondent,
says the Greeks are joining the revolt la
GIVE SINISTER WABNING.
Insurgents Threaten Wholesale Mas
sacres and Destruction.
LONDON. Sept. 21.— The Dally Mail's
correspondent at Sofia telegraphs: One of
the revolutionary chiefs has informed me
that the revolutionists are massing thou
sands of men at various points on the fron
tier and - their laboratories are working
Incessantly to replenish their stocks of
bombs and explosives. They do not count
much on war between Turkey and Bul
garia, but on the day they hear that
the meeting between the Czar and Em
peror Francis Joseph has not had the
desired result for Macedonia the world
will witness the .beginning of massacres,
burnings and destruction compared, with
Continued on Pago 3 t Column 3.
«. OFIA, Sept. 20.— Some apprehen-
B sion apparently having been cre-
B ated, owing to a misunderstanding
*JJ regarding the precise meaning of
Bulgaria's last note to the pow
ers, explanations have been given 'to
some diplomatic agents here that the
memorandum was not intended as an ulti
matum, but was rather in the nature ot
an appeal for the intervention of the
great powers before that intervention
should be too late. The Bulgarian Min
istry, it was stated, was determined to
maintain its attitude of neutrality up to
the last moment, but it feels the impos
sibility of standing by indefinitely while
the Turks exterminate the Bulgarian ele
ment in Macedonia.
The Government's position is rendered
Increasingly difficult by the attitude of
the Macedonia population In Bulgaria,
which, vigorously backed up by the rev
olutionary committees, is persistently en
deavoring to force the Government's hand
and provoke hostilities with Turkey.
A special dispatch from. the monastery
of Rlla, Bulgaria, says the condition of
the Turkish garrison of Molnlk, sixty-five
miles northeast of Salonica, is believed to
be extremely critical. It is besieged by
bands of insurgents under the leadership
of Yankoff, Stoyanoff, Davinghoff and
Zografoff, all of whom, were formerly
Bulgarian officers. The Insurgents num
ber 1500, while the garrison is believed to
consist of only one battalion. Melnik Is
a very important strategic point in the
mountains, commanding the road between
Demir-Hassar and Razlog. The Turks
have withdrawn nearly all their forces
from, the districts of Danaoumana and
Razlog to send to the relief of Melnik.
As a consequence unusual tranquillity
prevails throughout the district of Raz
log, where the authorities, lacking the
support of the troops, have ceased their
policy of . persecution and the beys are
even- supplying bands with food. The
Turkish population is described as being
In a state of great consternation.
A company, of Turkish soldiers and Ba-
NEW YORK, Sent. 20.— In the center of
a cordon of snarling lions at Bostock's.
Coney Island, to-day the christening of
the three weeks old baby of Harry Tudor
of West Eighth street, Coney Island, took
place. The crying of the child seemed
to enrage the beasts and the trainer had
to put his powers to the supreme test to
control them while the strange jungle
christening was going on.
Captain Bonavlta drove twenty-seven
lions into the arena. They were in a par
ticularly ugly mood and for twenty min
utes it was a question whether the chris
tening would be possible. Peter the Great
made a rush at the trainer and was sub
dued only after a severe lashing.
As Mme. Morella, with the baby in her
arms, entered the band played "Amer
ica," and the great crowd, thrilled by the
spectacle. Joined in the chorus. The baby,
was dressed In a long gown made of a
combination of American and British
flags.
Just as Captain Bonavita stepped for
ward to officiate at the christening the
baby started to cry and this seemed to
have a strange effect upon the lions.
Peter the Great and a big lioness jumped
from their pedestals. By this time the
lions were roaring in chorus and among
the spectators a panic was barely averted.
Two women, overcome by the spectacle,
fainted and were carried out
When the lions were again subdued the
ceremony of christening was resumed and
went through without a hitch. The baby
was christened Isla.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
UTICA. N. T.. Sept. 20.— An Innovation
in the Mr.e of railroad telegraph service
has been put Into use on the New York
Central Railroad between Utica and Al
bany. By means of the apparatus, a sin
gle wire can be used for telegraph and
telephone messages at the same time.
"While the operator is ticking away a tele
pram in Morse code, ar.other person can
telephone a message without the slightest
interference.
tion on the New York
Central.
Innovation in Method of Communica-
SINGLE WUtE USED FOB.
TZLEGEAPH AND 'PHONE
The executors of the will— former Sen
ator "William F. Vilas, former Congress
man Burr W. Jones and L. S. Hanke —
will eeek to prevent reversion of the prop
erty to the State under the statutes of
California and will contest, If necessary,
the constitutionality of the act, carrying
the case to the court of last resort. The
will was drawn by Colonel Vllaa and was
believed to be proper in every respect.
The executors declare they will be able
to hand over the estate to the university.
MADISON. Wls., Sept. 2O.-The estate of
Dr. Charles Kendall Adams, former pres
ident of the University of Wisconsin,, who
died in Southern California and who
willed his property to the University, may
revert to the State of California or be
consumed In a legal battle. The estate
was bequeathed to the university for the
establishment of fifteen scholarships of
$10,000 each. The laws of California pro
hibit leaving money by will to institutions
outside of that State.
Special Diepatch to The Call.
SOFIA, Sept. 20.— Prince Ferdinand last
night gave a dinner party at the palace In
honor of J. B. Jackson, who in the after
noon had presented his credentials as the
first American diplomatic agent in Bulga
ria. The guests included F. E. H. Eliot,
the British diplomatic agent, and the Bul
garian Ministers and high officials. Prince
Ferdinand proposed the health of Presi
dent Roosevelt, speaking in English, and
the court band played a selection of
American airs. t
Great satisfaction is expressed, not only
in official circles, but also in commercial
circles, at America's action in establishing
diplomatic relations with Bulgaria. The
belief prevails that a great opportunity
exists for developing a profitable export
and import trade with the United States.
Prince Frederick Extends a Welcome
to First American Representative
Sent to Bulgaria.
GIVES DINNZE IN HONOR.
OF OUR DIPLOMATIC AGENT
Child Is Named in
Wild Beasts'
Arena.
which the Turkish atrocities : will seem
child's play.
"The banner of revolution," my in
formant says, "will be unfurled in all the
border districts. Every city and village,
whether the inhabitants are friends or
foes, will be destroyed, and such a 8tat»
of anarchy will be caused that the Turks
will step out voluntarily and leave tha
country' to the Macedonian survivors.
"We have selected the frontier districts for
these final operations so that Europe may
hear the despairing cries of the dyins na
tion, which tha Turks would stifle."
The united bands of Monassleff and
Mlchalllof have had an encounter with
the troops near Demir-Kapu, sixty-two
miles northwest of Salonica. The Turks
had many k-ied, including two officers.
shi-Bazouks recently found the hiding
place of a hundred families of refugees
from the villages of Dupeni and Echla,
near Resen. They captured the party,
attacked the women and committed other
atrocities.
Wisconsin Univer
sity Would Be
the Loser.
FAMOUS RETREAT WHENCE COMES XETVS OF THE PROGRESS OF THE
SIEGE OF MELNIK BY MACEDONIANS, AND THE GERMAN EMBAS
SADOR TO THE COURT OF THE TURKISH SULTAN
LIONS RAGE
AT A BASE'S
CHRISTENING
TACOMA. Wash.. Sept. 20.— The steam-
Fhip Shawmut, tvhich arrived from Ma
nila to-day, has a pair of passengers
¦which are certain to excite a large
amount of Interest. They are Filipino
dtvarfs from the northern j?art of the
islands, who are being taken to the St.
Louis Exposition.
The dwarfs are a man and a woman,
twenty-seven and twenty-eight inches
tall, respectively, fully developed, the
man aged 2S and the woman aged 31.
They are brother and sister, and are re
markable specimens of humanity.
Drcarfs Frcrn tlie Northern Part of
the Islands Arrive at
Tacoma.
TWO TINY FILIPINOS
WILL GO TO ST. LOUTS
UNDISPUTED LEADER. OF THE
SOCIALIST PARTY IN THE
¦5=r^I?t^ EMPIRE.
PANAMA. Colombia, Sept. 20.— Senator
Obaldia to-day took over the functions of
Governor of Panama. The event was the
occasion for a great popular demonstra
tion by all parties. It is believed the ap
pointment of Governor Obaldia will exert
influence against secessionist Ideas, not
only because he is a native of Panama,
which fact engaged for him the sympa
thies of all, but because the appointment
is a part of a general plan, the result of
which will be the election of General
Reyes to the Presidency and the approval
of a canal treaty satisfactory to the
United States.
All of the speeches delivered at to-day'a
function, not only by isthmians but by
natives of the rest of the republic, dem
onstrated that the Inhabitants of Panama
are in favor of the treaty.
Fresh Overtures to. Be Made. if Reyes
Is Elected to the
Presidency.
COLOMBIANS SCHEMTS
TO SAVE THE CANAL
CALIFORNIA
MAY PROFIT
BY A WILL
RESDEN, Sept. 2O.-Herr Bebel
m g has re-established his authority
M M in the Socialist party by carry
¦¦ ing his resolution against the re
visionists by several hundred
votes against eleven dissenting voices
and having elected an executive commit
tee of his own choosing. It now looks as
though the agitation against Herr Bebel
before the convention was encouraged by
him in order that his absolute leadership
of the party should be demonstrated and
the small faction opposed to him held up
to the ridicule of the party.
If the gold reserve of $150,000,090, which
tvas counted in the cesh balance prjor to
tne act of March It 1300. should be added
to this total it would bring the grand to
tal of the cash in the treasury, exclusive
of trust funds, up to S4SS,O73,E2&— more
than er.ough to have defrayed the gross
expenditures of the Government for the
entire fiscal year of ISSS and enough to
have run the Government for ten years
at the rate of expenditure In 1S50.
Strictly epeaking, the balance "is much
larger, for whenever any money is cred
ited to a United States disbursing of
ficer it is at once charged out as a liabil
ity and is deducted from, the cash bal
ance, though it may remain in the treas
ury for months. There are thus charged
out at the present time S€2,S1S,3O3 credited
to disbursing officers and S5.59S.344 cred
ited to the PostofSce Department account
to meet the current expenditures of the
i'ostal service.
If these two Items, which may be de-
Fcribed as a balance set apart for im
mediate needs, are added to the available
cash balance, as stated on the books,
they bring the total up to $30S.079,5M.
CALL, BUKEAf. 1406 G STREET. N.
W\. WASHINGTON*. Sept. 20.— Secretary
Fhaw'e policy of Increasing United States
deposits in national banks is forced upon
Mm by the operation of the revenue laws
end the independent treasury system.
Never before In the history of the United
States has the national treasury been in
as Etrcne condition as it is at present.
The current receipts are running ahead
of current expenditures at an average
rate of about fi .000,009 a week and are
constantly increasing the available cash
balance, which now stands at the un
precedented figure of $23t\562,S79.
EpeclaJ Dlrratch to The Call.
According to the plans in view by mem
bers of the Sanitary Board, the dam
will supply almost as much power as
Niagara Falls.
The work of building a dam on the
channels and the benefits to be derived
from it are of large proportions. The
board is planning on the use of a flow of
water amounting to 35,000 horsepower,
and will transmit this power to Chicago
and towns along the course of the canal.
It is the plan of the board to make use
of the power for electrical, illuminating
and other purposes.
The Legislature at its last session au
thorized the board to make such benefi
cial use of the waters of the channel as
it saw fit. After years of planning by
members of the board they decided upon
the water power.
CHICAGO, Sept. 20.— The business in
terests of Chicago, as well as of small
manufacturing towns along the drainage
canal, will be greatly benefited if the
plans of the Sanitary Board materialize.
The first step to bring this about was
taken yesterday, when the sanitary dis
trict of Chicago filed a petition for the
condemnation of land in Lockport Town
ship for the construction of a mammoth
water power, utilizing the flow in the
Chicago drainage channel.
Special Diepatch to The Call,
Channel's Current Will Turn
Wheels of Industry in
Many Cities.
National Treasury Never
Before as Opulent as at
Present.
Mammoth Water Power
Project Is Put
UnderWay.
Revenues Are Far in
Excess of Current
Expenses.
Grows Rich at Rate
of $1,000,000 a
Waek.
Chicago's Plan to
Utilize Drain
age Canal.
UNCLE SAM'S
PROFITS NOW
ENORMOUS
GREAT DAM
WILL RIVAL
THE NIAGARA
SAN FRANCISCO, JUONDAY, SEPTEMBER 21, / 1903.
PRICTJ FrVE CE^TS.
The San Francisco Call.EL PASO, Tex.. 1 Sept. 20.— The new
$50,000 bull ring: at Juarez, on the Mexican
border, was formally opened here to-day
in the presence of 10,000 people, chiefly
Americans. Six bulls were tortured and
put to death and several horses were
slain by the bulls. Cervera, the famous
Spanish bull fighter, is at the head of
th» troupe.. — - _ :.-.
Americans Witness Torture of Bulls.
SpeakfnVof the appearance of the band
of insurrectionists near Santiago, Presi
dent Palma condemned the hidden insti
gators of the uprising. The Alcalde de
clared that no one within two leagues of.
£1 Caney had joined the band.
SANTIAGO DE CUBA, ] Sept. 20.-
Bpeaklng to-day at the 'village of El Ca
ney, close to the scene of the battle be
tween the" 'Americans and the Spaniards,
President Palma urged the Cuban people
to guard the ideals they had obtained by
means of Intervention.
The Presidential party was enthusiasti
cally cheered on its arrival at El Caney.
The Alcalde having remarked that the
gathering was composed of veterans,
President Palma assured them that he
wanted to pay the army as badly as any
body, because the payment was not only
an act of Justice but was necessary to the
reconstruction of the country. Nobody
loved Cuban Independence more than him
self, continued the President. The only
way to sacrifice the republic would be to
bring about a civil war. He believed
there was not one veteran in a thousand
who would not prefer to maintain the
honor of Cuba, even to the extent of for
feiting his soldier's pay. The Cubans
having accepted United States interven
tion as a means of ending their troubles
were under an obligation to follow those
ideals and prove themselves peaceable
people.
President Palma Urges the People to
Guard the. Ideals Obtained by
Intervention. '
CONDEMNS INVESTIGATOES
OF THE ; CUBAN UPRISING
Manager H. W. Lake, chairman of the
committee, presided. Colonel John Mc-
Clellan, commander of Camp McKinley
Garrison, was on his right hand and At
torney General Andrews on his left.
HONOLULU, Sept. 13.— A bancuet to
celebrate the fifty-third anniversary of
the admission of California into the
Union was jrfven in Honolulu September
S. At the head of the banquet hall, on
the wall, was a copy of the original "Bear
Flag." hoisted at Monterey, with 1S50 and
lfcS3 on either side. The tables were deco
rated in a scheme of golden yellow, the
electric cajidelebra on the table being
dressed to represent poppies in full bloom.
Maidenhair ferns, cosmos flowers and yel
low ribbon completed the cloth adorn
ments. American and Hawaiian flags,
two to one, were displayed from the
chandeliers. At ea>ch cover the menu was
heid down by an artificial gold nugget,
a huga counterfeit of that kind lying in
front of the tnastmaster. Cakes in red,
white and blue frosting were also disposed
conspicuously.
A quintet club furnished delightful
music, mostly Hawaiian airs, throughout
the • bancuet. The menu was a pretty
souvenir printed on gold colored silk,
with a heading to tell the occasion sur
mounted by the California bear. Upon its
face v.ere interspersed; vignette illustra
tive of the Golden State's history, while
the «eal'."of California' appeared at the
bottom.
Pretty Souvenirs Are Distributed at
Banquet Givcsn by Former
Eesidents of State.
CALIFOENIA'S BISTHDAY
CELEBRATED AT HONOLULU
George Tett, whose father lives at 830 Pa
cific street, in the metropolis, ran away
last Tuesday afternoon and came to Oak
land, where he was picked up last night
about 11 o'clock by Constable Frank Dear
born, near Fruitvale station.
When found by the officer the little fel-
OAKLAND, Sept. 20.— Because he
did not wish to live in a lodging
house over a saloon, In the vicin
ity of Chinatown in San Fran
cisco, and because the people In
.the house teased his little sister, Julia,
and treated him unkindly, eight-year-old
EIGHT-TEAR-OLD RUNAWAY; CAPTURED BY THE OAKLAND PO
LICE, WHO SAYS HE LEFT HIS HOME IN THIS CITY BECAUSE IT
WAS TOO NEAR CHINATOWN. |
PUEBLO. Colo.. Sept. 20.— The coal land
contest between the Government and the
Colorado Fuel and Iron Company that
has occupied the attention of the public
land oJHee and the Washington authori
ties for the last four months has been set
tled by compromise. The stc«»l company
trill pay $20 per acre, the price asked for
the coal land, instead of $2 50 paid for tlm
b(T and stone land claims. It is under
stood the Colorado Fuel and Iron Com
pany will pay about a half million dollars.
The Victor Fuel Company has also set
tled with the Government on the same
basis on a large- number of coal land
claims taken up under the timber and
Ftone act. . ¦ .
Government.
Compromise Contest With the
COAI/ LAND CONTEST
IS njTAI/LY KK'l'l'Tym
Colorado Fuel and Iron Company
Of this large sum of money sent out of
the country to purchase goatskins $7,000,
000 went to India, nearly $2,000,000 to
China, $2,500,000 to France, $1,500,00 to
Russia, $1,500,000 to Brazil, 51,000,000 to Ar
gentina and $1,000,000 to Arabia. From
India, which took less than $5,000,000 worth
of merchandise of all kinds from the
United States last year, and has increased
her purchases from us less than $2,000,000
In a decade, we have increased cur Impor
tations of goatskins alone from $2,000,000
In 1K*2 to $7,500,000 In 1S02. From Brazil,
which has reduced her imports from the
United States from $15,000,000 in 1835 to
$10,000,000 in 1903, our purchases of goat
skins last year were $1,500,000. France,
Russia, th<» United Kingdom, Turkey In
Europe and Turkey in Asia, Arabia,
China. Southern Africa, Argentina and
Mexico also contribute llberallv to the
supply of goatskins to make up the $25,-
Oi'O.OOO worth of this product brought into
the United States annually.
The farmers of the United States are
apparently making no effort to rtap any
part of this golden harvest ' for them
selves. The census of 1900 showed tho
total number of goats in the United
States to be less than 2,000.000, and when
it is understood that the skins of probably
20.OUO.000 goats were requirea to make the
$25,000,000 worth imported last year, it
would be seen that the supply from the
United States could have formed but a
small share of the . total consumption.
Yet the faot that a largo share of our
supply of this important import comes
from India, GhTna, France and Mexico,
suggests that there are large areas ill the
United States which might produce goats
successfully and in sufficiently largo
numbers to supply the entire home de
mand. - .
A statement just presented by the De
partment of Commerce and Labor,
through its Bureau of Statistics, shows
that importations of goatskins into the
United Slates are now running at the
rate of $25,000,000 per annum and that a
large share of these are brought from In
dia, China, Arabia and Southeastern Rus
sia. The increasing popularity of certain
classes of kid leather for footwear, as
well as gloves, has increased very greatly
the demand^for goatskins in the United
States within recent years. In 1S85 the
value of goatskins imported was about
54.000.000. by 1S90 It had grown to J3.000.000,
by 1S9S it was $15,000,000, in 1900 it was $22,
000,000 and in 1903 $25,000,000, in round num
bers.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET N.
W., WASHINGTON, Sept. 20.-A new in
dustry is offering itself to the farmers
and manufacturers of the United States.
The fact that $25,000,000 worth of goat
skins are now annually imported into the
United States, and that her enterprising
manufacturers are now obliged to send
halfway around the world for a large
share of them, suggests that the farmers
of the country have a great opportunity
to put a large share of this sum in their
own pockets, and that tho entire sum
may be divided between our producers
and manufacturers.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Home Supply of Skins Falls
Short of Demands of
Manufacturers.
. Nathan Swift was born in Chicago in
lf$L He was an enthusiastic athlete, be
ing especially fond of football "and polo.
During the ni&ht an operation was per
formed to relieve a ruptured blood vessel
near the brain. The operation, which
was performed at the country home of
the Swift family, Westleigh, in Lake
County, seemed to give relief, but the
effect was only temporary. The physi
cians worked over Swift until the end.
The ball which struck Swift was one
that went in the air and from the mallet
of Love. Swift did not appreciate his
danger until too latey-^lhe glare of the
eun preventing- him from following: the
ball in its flight. When the ball hit him
he did not fall from his saddle, and when
his. companions g-alloped to his side he
was at first Inclined to make lig-ht of the
injury. He was induced to dismount, but
•waiked without aid from the fleld. Arriv
ing home he complained of dizziness, and
later went Into a delirium.
CHICAGO, Sept. 20.— Nathan Swift, son
Of Louis F. Swift, tho packer, died to
day from the effects of a blow on the
temple with a- polo ball received yester
day at Onwentsia field during a grame.
The accident a.t first was thought
to be trilling. Swift was playing
in a contest, in which his companions
were Frederick Mclaughlin, W. \V. Rath
bone, Al Farwell, Sidney Love, Walter
Keith. R. li. JlcCormick and Charles Gar
field Kir.s.
Nathan Swift Is Struck by
a Ball and Dies Soon
Afterward.
Fatal Accident Occurs
at a Polo Game in
Chicago.
Millions to Be Made by
Successful Raising
of Goats.
NEW INDUSTRY
OFFERS ITSELF
BLOW ON TEMPLE
KILLS PLAYER
2
SMALL BOY RUNS AWAY
AND SLEEPS IN A FIELD
George Tett, Eight Years of Age, Leaves Father's Home in
San Francisco Because He Objects to Living Over Sa
loon and Leads Life of Nomad at Fruitvale Four Days
KOSSUTH PARTY
SAVES HUNGARY
YELLOW FEVER
RUINS BUSINESS
Mexican City Is Partly
Deserted on Account
of Scourge.
Declares Against Any
thing in the Shape of
a Revolution.
Belief Is Strong That a New
Ministry Is About to
. * . Be Formed.
Many Deaths Occur in Rail
road Camps on Account
of Disease.
MONTEREY. Mexico. Sept. 20.— Dr. Roy
Martin, quarantine inspector for the Gov
ernment, who recently returned from
Linares, declares that the city is dead
commercially and partly deserted on ac
count of tbe prevalence of yellow fever.
Although there are less than 200 fever
caBes in Linares, there are fully 2000 per
sons sick with various ailments.
Latest advices from Victoria state that
but twelve cases of yellow fever now ex
ist in that city.
W. H. Leonard, representative of the
bridge and masonry contractors on the
Monterey division of the Mexican Central
Railroad, reports a most deplorable situ
ation among the construction camps along
the line. He says that there is scarcely a
camp without yellow fever and that there
are many deaths.
Tamplco is largely diminishing the num
ber of cases of yellow fever.
LAREDO, Tex., Sept. 20.— This city still
maintains a vigorous quarantine against
Nuevo Laredo, Mexico. Little news of a
reliable kind can be secured from across*
the river.
United States Consul Garrett, who ar
rived in Nuevo Laredo to-day after hav
ing passed five days in quarantine at San
chez station, stated that he had examined
several cases of the prevafltng disease
and declares they ara not yellow fever.
Expert bacteriologists of the Mexican
Governent have arrived and will investi
gate the cases in company with a yellow
lever expert, who is expected to arrive
from Washington to-morrow.
• VIENNA, 1 Sept. 20.— Count Hedervary,
who placed his resignation as Hungarian
Premier in the hands of Emperor Francis
Joseph some time ago, had audiences with
the Emperor both yesterday and to-day,
which, it is rumored, have led to the solu
tion of the Hungarian Cabinet crisis, and
a Ministry will be formed either by Count
Julius Andrassy or Koloman Szell. Should
this news be. confirmed it will be due to
the correct and patriotic attitude of Fran
cis Kossuth and his party. Kossuth and
his party declared resolutely against any
thing in the shape of a revolution, and
even forbade any street demonstration on
the anniversary of his father's birthday.
\Itis understood that the semi-official
communication made yesterday, explain
ing away the unfavorable construction
placed in Hungary on the army order is
sued by the Emperor on September 11, will
be issued in the form of an imperial auto
graph rescript addressed to Count Heder
vary, and this proof that the Emperor did
not desire to ruffle Hungarian suscepti
bilities will be emphasized by another
imperial visit to Budapest as an indica
tion of his continued confidence and good
will.
low was in the company of a boy by the
name of Earl Sears, who lives en Six
teenth street, near Fruitvale avenue.
Dearborn took George to the County Jail
in Oakland, where he was cared for by
the matron, who gave the little waif a
bath and put him to bed. After a night's
sound sleep the boy told of his wander
ings for the last four days. He said that
on Tuesday his teacher, in the A second
grade at* the Washington Grammar
School in San Francisco, gave him 10
cents for going on an errand, and after
school was out he went to the ferry and
took the boat to Oakland. He says he
left tho train at Fruitvale avenue and
after playing around until dark went to
sleep in a field. In the morning he went
out the avenue and spent the day wan
dering around near the Hermitage. That
night he slept in a shed."
On Friday morning George came back
to the station and that night slept in a
field. On Saturday morning he met the
Sears boy and the two spent the day
"out camping." 'When night came the
Sears boy was afraid he would be pun
ished for staying away from home all
day; so they went down to the Fruit
vale station to sleep. They were found
there by Constable Dearborn, who took
young Sears home and then brought the
other runaway to the County Jail.
The little fellow's case will be placed in
the hands of the Associated Charities of
San Francisco, as the authorities have
not yet been able to locate the boy's
father, who,- as far as can be learned,
made no effort to find the runaway after
his disappearance last Tuesday afternoon.
The State from which there is the
least immigration is Louisiana. ¦ Vermont
furnishes the largest proportion of mi
gratory Americans.
PARKER -WTLI. TAKE PART *
IN THE OHIO CAMPAIGN"
Hawaiian National Delegate Accepts
an Invitation to Stump State
for the Republicans.
HONOLULU, Sept. y.— Samuel Parker
has decided to accept an Invitation ex
tended to him by Senator Hanna and
General Charles Dick to take part in the
Ohio State campaign, and has cabled to
Republican headquarters at Columbus,
Ohio, to that effect.
"I am going," said Colonel Parker this
morning, "because I feel it an honor to
be asked to do so. When they send to a
man here, as far as Hawaii is, then he
ought to respond for two reasons—be
cause of the" personal honor in being in
vited and because of the honor to Ha
waii. It should help our Territory and
our peo*ple to become better known. Sen
ator Hanna told me, two years ago, that
he would send for me if he needed me,
and I promised to go if he did so. He
has not forgotten his promise then and
I intend to keep my word."
"How about the Governorship?"
"I don't want to be Governor." said the
Hawaiian national delegate. "My hands
are full now and I have as much as I
care to attend to. I'm quite satisfied to
Bee Georce Carter as Governor and am
not going to put up any light against
him."
THE SAF EKANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 21, 1903.
ADVEKTISESTENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
d visit DR. JORDAN'S gbeat(*
SHuSEUH OF flHflTOEW
A Q) i3simrric?.b < t.6:H7a,s.r.fr!. A
X * Cf Tbe Largest Anatomical Museua ia the \
A Jfi World. Weaknesses or anjr contracted n
A flf¥f A CR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF KEN /}
1 ¥ t!k\F)u Consultation fret «iil ttri<-t!jr private. \
A I fjR-f if TreirnseiH personally or by letter. A A
Y I HT VI U Pofittvt Cure ia every cast uo Je itiken. Y
A F. I II A w r<te for Book. I'UII.V Kara Y of A
r ¦ H ]|V BAssBtlAVK. MAIL.EO I-REL. (AY
> (J /jj. valuable book for «ort>) \
¥ DB. JOBDAX A CO.. 10H Market st..S. P. ¥
RADWAY'S BEADY RELIEF hu stood
u&rlvaled before tbe public for 60 years as a
Pain Remedy. It Instantly relieve* and quickly
cures ail Colds, •ore Throats, Influenza, Bron-
chitis, Pneumonia, Rheumatism, Neuralgia,
JieaOacb*,. Toothache and all- pals. Internally
Xor auiaria-aad *U Bevel Palao.AU crvaisia.
§Vsm, Vigor, 1'itaiity for Men
aiOHMU.N lilSIlOi'S VIL1.S
years hy the leaders of th»
Mormon Church an* their
follower*. J'ositively cure tii«
worn cares in eld and young
ericing from effects of seU*
abuse, dissipation, excesses or
cig».rett* entckinc- Cure Lost
Msnhood. ln»x>ot~ney. Lost
Power. Nifht Losses Inmoia-
Cia, i^lus In Btck. Evil Desires, Lanie Hacit.
Nervoui i>eblllty. Hf adache. Ur.fltness to Mar-
ly. Loss of Semen, /— >>x Varicoccle or Ccn-
i-upation. fctcp Nor rj C| vou« Twitching of
EjellSs. Streets are 'mmeciate. Imj;ar:
vigor ard potency*-* 111 ' '»to every function.
Don't pet despondent, a cure is at hand. He-
•tore email, undeveloped organs. Stimulate
the brain and nerve centers; 50c a box; <J for
12 50 by rnatl. A written guarantee to cure cr
ir.onfy refunded with « boxes. Circulars free.
Aadrtss BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 Ellis «t-.
6an FTancl«co. CaL GRAJCT DRUQ CO.. iS
and 40 Third at.
— OP THB— , ' *
CONDITION" AND AFFAIRS
—OF THIS—
Norwich Union Fire
INSURANCE SOCIETY
OF Norwich. England, on the 31ft day cf
December A. D. 1002. and for the year
en<Un* on that 'day. as made to tho Insurance
Commissioner of the State of California pur-
suant to the Provisions of Sections 610 and
611 of the Political Code, condensed as per
blank furnished by the Commisalocier.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid ui>
in Cash .— ». — _.»..$_eeaooo.oo
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company.. $ 2S9.500.CO
Loaos on Bonds and Mortgages.. 40.00O.CO
Cash Market Value of all Btocka
and Donds owned l>y Company.. 4.S13.0C3.8I1
Cash in Company* Orflce — -...afSS?*
Cash In Banks •• 1.1*8.3... 31
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 4S.«31.84
Interest due and acrrued on
Bonds and Mortgages 2SS.00
I Premiums In due Course of Col-
: lection 873,636.43
I .Bills receivable, not Matured.
. taken for Fire and Marina
j Bisks - 67.911.42
• Total Assets
| LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid '
Losses in process of Adjustment
or In Suspense J267.S3..03
Losses resisted. Including ex-
penses
Gros9 premiums on Fire Risks
running one year or less,
J ; reinsurance 50 per
cent 2,861,812. M
Gross premiums on Fire Risks - '
running more than one year,
$ — ; reinsurance pro rata.
Cash dividends remaining unpaid. 2.2S0.S0
Due and accrued for salaries,
I rent. *tc 13,000.00
I Bills Payable ..- __.„.... l.S.%9.02
Total Liabilities .... $3.163.419. OS
IN-COME.
N'et cash actually received for
Fire premiums $5,115,843.67
Received for Interest on Bond3
and Mortgages 1.6C3.00
Received for Interest and divi-
dends on Bonds. Stocks, Loans,
and from all other sources..... 132.886. T!»
Received for Rents 12.R2«.R3
Received from all other sources.. 0,079.27
Total Incom» J3.2S3.307. 53
EXPENTMTTTRES.
N'et amount raid for Fire Losses
(including $ — — > loasea of
previous years) 12,4.16,7^7.50
Dividends to Stockholders 213,790.00
Paid or allowed tor Commission
or Brokerage 1.023,677.17
Paid for Salaries. TVes and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.. 436,828.33
Paid for State, KaUan_al and
Local taxes «< 101,729.03
All other payments ar.d expendi-
tures - 272.S00.61
Total Expenditures _. _.._ H.SSTmo.sa
Fir*
Losses Incurred during th* year. . ,$2,803,219.04
RISKS ANP PREMIUMS.
| Fire Risks. | Premiums.
N'et amount of 1
Rleks written
during the year... $l,9i%7SS,8U $8,923,634.06
Net amount of
Risks expired
during the year.. 1.S934&U.5S3 5.202.740.64
Net amount in
force December
31, 1902 1.611.379.110 S,eR3.333.63
FRANK A. CUBITT. President.
C. A. B. BIGNOLD. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before ma, this
23d flay of March 1903.
I. B. T. HALES. Notary Paallo,
Pacific Department
314 California St., San Francisco
W. H. LOWDEN, Manager.
JOHN D. RICHARDS,
Superintendent City Department
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION. AND AFFAIRS
OF THB
INDEMNITY FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NETV YORK. IS THE STATE OF NEW
York, on the 31st day of December, A. D..
1902. and for the year ending on that day, u
made to the Insurance Commissioner of th s
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of sections CIO and tilt of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
mi^ioner: CAPITAU
Amount of Capital Stock, paid v& In
Cash —...—..« .....4200.000 00
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 13S2.5SO 0O
Cash in Company's Office 400 40
Cash In Banks 18,027 C3
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 2,630 00
Premiums in due Course of Collection 27,153 7a
Due from other Companies for Rein-
surance on losses already paid 2S3 63
Total Assets .- .$429.096 SO
LIABILITIES.
Tt»— adjusted suvl unpaid $ 8,737 36
Losses In process of Adjustment or
In Suspense 11,473 95
Losses resisted, including expenses. . 2.S43 u>
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. $182,737 18;
reinsurance 50 per cent 91,393 53
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $79.- .
310 04; reinsurance pro rata 43,471 82
Due and accrued for salaries, rent,
etc • ¦ 691 46
All other Liabilities...* ». 3.082 60
Total Liabilities— ............. .^16^505 9.:
INCOME. ~
jlet cash actually received for Fire
premiums $217,632 ID
Received for Interest and dividends
en Bonds. Stocks, Loans, and from
all other sources. 9.332 24
Total Income—...... — .. $226,934 73
EXPEXT>rrURE3.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (In-
cluding $15,767 83, losses of previ-
ous years) $ 94,234 70
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 41.133 -2T
Paid for Salaries, Fee3 and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 20,103 60
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes C721 T%
All other payments and expendi-
ture* ...!T. 18.MS Of
Total Expenditures. . — -.. — _. .$179,248 3a
Fir*.
Losses Incurred during the year.... $100.808 33
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during tae
year $23,933,743 $316.209 29
Net amount of Risks
expired during the •
year T 21,367.1SS 233.819 03
Net amount In force
December 31. 1002. ¦ Z1.O41.14S 2S2.C03 10
~~~ A. F. LOSEE. Vic* President.
J. H. BITRGER. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. thi» 26U»
day of January. 1908- EDWW F. COREY.
Commissioner for C»-!fornia la New York.
Pacific Department
314 California St., San Francisco
VV. H. LOWDEN, Manager.
JOHN D. RICHARDS,
Superintendent City Department
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTOftATlVE. 1NV1UO&A.
tor and Nervine.
Tbe meat worderful aphrodisiac and S&scui
Tcrolc for the Sexual Organs, for bcth saxesL^
Tbe Mexican Remedy for Dlac&sea of th«
Kidneys and Bladder. Sells on Its own m«rlt*T
NABER. AUTS & BRUME. AgeataT
823 Market su. S. F— (Send tor UrcuUrsa
As prescribed by a law
enacted by the last Legislature
the State Board of Commis-
sioners in Optometry has is-
sued oerticcates to the under-
signed firnts, entitling ' them
and their employes to practice
the fitting of spectacles and
eyeglasses :
STA.lffIXfi.aD OPTXCAZ, CO.,
27.7 Xearn7 St.
BEBTUJillfQ OPTICAL CO,
1C Kearny St.
EASKEiL & jozrss optical co.,
C43 Graat Are.
CHUrar-BEEETTA OPTICAL CO,
991 Market St.
CAUrCRITIA OPTICAL CO.,
205 Xearay St.
GZO. ZL. ZA2ZX7,
201 Zearay St.
HEKE? SAKZT & CO.
(Ttc Ocularitun),
642 Market St.
SOOTTE OPTZCAX CO.,
211 Fcst-Bt.
HtBECE & TTATSEB,
7 Kearay St.
j Pure, Pale and Sparkling. Bottled n
O8ly «t the Brewery ia St. Loots, fl
%0LO EVERYW'KECB; |
niLBEKT MERCANTILE CO.. ji
L j Parjflr fv.-agt Acfr.tn. "jffPROMINENT ODD FELLOW
WHO ADDRESSED THE MASS
MEETING AT BALTIMORE.
LONDON. Sept. 20.— It la rumored that the
admiralty U contemplating the ertabliihment
of & naval base on Galway Bay, Ireland.
KALJSPELU Mont.. Sept. 20. — H. A. gcha
gel la dead, in his hundredth year. He had but
a few day* to live to reach the century mark
and was preparing to celebrate the event when
death came.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 20.— Chekib Bey,
the Turkish Minister, has received a dis
patch from his Government denying the
reports which have been published In cer
tain European newspapers that the re
serves In garrisons at Pristlna, Novl
bazar, Volchetrin. Sennitche and Metro
vitza are engaged In aggressions, against
the Christian inhabitants in those places
and are committing acts of profanation
in the churches. The Minister's advices
are that in response to Inquiries made by
the Porte of the authorities In those cities
the reply was that the publications re
ferred to were without, any foundation
whatever and that the soldiers always
observed the rules of military discipline.
Denies Reports of Atrocities.
Decides Against Strike of Millmen.
OURAY Colo., .Sept. 20.— At 2 o'clock
this morning, after a bitter fight for more
than six hours, the local miners' union,
by a vote of 150 to w, decided that the
millmen should . not strike for an eight
hour day.
The Constantinople correspondent of the
Times declares that he has good author
ity for assertlnff that several Servian
bands have already crossed the frontier,
and are now fighting In Macedonia. If
Bulgaria fights Turkey, he continues. It
will be difficult for Servla to lag and it
Is quite clear that a Turco-Bulgarian war
would not be so one-sided as at first sight
appears.
the districts of Melnlk and Demlr-Hassar.
FRANKFORT. Ky.. Sept. 20.— A daring
jail delivery -was accomplished here to
day. Squire Hlbler, Clayton Day and
Frank Chenault, negroes, all awaiting sen
tence for murder and robbery, made their
escape. To accomplish It Chenault as
saulted Deputy Jailer Merrltt Williams
with a bottle, seriously Injuring him.
Williams then opened the doors for the
others.
Negro Prisoners Escape.
CHICO, Sept. 20.— Business people ot
Chico were given a fire scare this even
ing? by a blaze which broke out suddenly
in four places in the two story brick
building located in the central part of
the business district and occupied by A.
Helwig as a coffee and lodging-house.
The fire was extinguished so quickly by
the local tire . department that the evi
dence of its Incendiary origin was not
destroyed and in consequence Helwlg was
placed under arrest before the hose
streams were taken from the Interior of
the building.
Helwlg has nothing to say regarding
the charge of arson lodged against hlnv
by Chief Murphy. The fire was started
In two places on the second floor and
two on the lower. It is known that Hel
wlg was in the building alone at the time
of the fire. He had recently become an
gered at the owner of the building: on
account of being denied a lease. His
property in the building was fully in
sured and the policy was safely In his
pocket at the time of^arrest.
Officers Claim That He Set Fire to
Building Occupied by Him as
Lodging-House.
BUSINESS MAN OF CHICO
IS ACCUSED OF ARSON
KILLS HIMSELF AFTER
WOUNDING SON-IN-LAW
BUFFALO, Sept. 20.— James Mears, 70
years old, to-day fatally shot his son-in
law, Michael Crotty, 33 years old, and
then sent a bullet through his own brain.
Family quarrels were the cause of the
tragedy.
Mears a year ago deeded some property
to his daughter, Katherlne, stipulating
that she should not marry_ and that she
should provide for him until his death.
Katherlne was married to Crotty three
months ago. Recently affairs in the
household had not been running smooth
ly. Last Wednesday their domestic af
fairs were aired in the Police Court. Crot
ty, who had been arrested on a warrant
secured by the old man for assault, was
discharged.
To-day while Crotty and his wife were
In the dining-room Mears came Into the
room and the quarrel was renewed. Crot
ty was standing at the window, when
Mears stepped up behind him and began
shooting. He fired twice, both bullets en
tering Crotty's back. Mrs. Crotty at
tempted to disarm her father, but he
brushed her away and sent a bullet Into
his own brain.
Two Fishing Craft "Wrecked.
ST. JOHN, N. B.,'Sept. 20.— The French
fishing vessel Alglon went' ashore at Cape
Ray yesterday, within two miles of the
spot where the British steamer Topaz was
wrecked yesterday. The crew escaped,
but saved' nothing of their effects. The
vessel is a complete wreck. Another
French fishing vessel, the Alliance,
stranded at Mlquelon this morning. Her
crew were rescued by the settlers.
Streetcar "Wrecks a Buggy.
• SAN BERNARDINO, Sept. 20.— An elec
tric street car struck a buggy to-night In
which ¦ E. D. Morden and Peter Webb
were "! riding. Morden was seriously. It
not fatally, . injured, but Webb escaped
injury. It is claimed that the street car
carried no headlight
Continued From Page 1, Column 7.
HAWAIIAN COURT IMPOSES
BATHER UNIQUE SENTENCE
IMrects Petty Offender to Singr a Song
and Dunce the Hula for
Punishment.
HONOLULU. Sept. 13.— To sing a song
and dance a hula was the penalty inflicted
upon an offender in a court of Justice at
Kona. on the island of Hawaii. Accord-
Ing to the story, a man appeared before
Judge Kaai a short time ago charged
with a statutory offense. The woman In
the case refused to give evidence against
the defendant. As she was the "principal
witness for the prosecution the case
agraJnst the defendant was rather shaky.
Still further, the fellow was not blessed
with worldly goods, bo that no fine could
be got out of him. To satisfy the require
ments of justice In a way to fit the crime
and still not be too hard on the offender,
the court imposed a unique sentence. The
defendant was to sing a song and dance
a hula outside of the courtroom. This was
accordingly done to the satisfaction of
the complainant, the court, the defend
ant and every one eleo concerned.
GARRISON III CRITICAL CONDITION
Then came the disclosure of the hoax.
The railroad company which started the
trouble sent out a statement that it
would give round trip tickets for those
dollars or any old dollars, provided
enough of them were received In ex
change. Now every man in Davenport is
denying that he cherished the coins,
while those who refused big prices for
their silver are industriously kicking
themselves.
Then the trouble began. Everybody in
the town began to take note of dollar
dates and persons holding the coins witn
the magic 1894 refused as high as jit
for them. The bank was besieged with
people seeking change In silver, despite
the fact that the bankers assured their
patrons that they knew nothing of an
extra value being placed on these dol
lars. Small boys sat on the bank steps
and hungrily watched the rush of busi
ness speculating on what persons had
drawn out the lucky coins. The rumor
grew and grew and the rush for silver
eclipsed Bryan's ratio of 16 to 1.
SPOKANE, Wash., Sept. 20.— A mighty
scramble for silver dollars of the mintage
of 1S94 has been in progress at Daven
port, Wash., for' more than a week and
only ended when the citizens discovered
that a big hoa* was being perpetrated.
Recently a railroad company announced
that It would give free trips to the St.
Louis fair in exchange for silver dollars
minted at San Francisco In 1S91. Some
wag started the report in Davenport that
only 306 dollars were minted and they
were nearly all shipped to a Davenport
bank.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Gher will probably take steps to pre
vent the franchise being put up at auc
tion. He claims that the Parker Interests
had an absolute agreement with his side
two years ago and that they should be
held to it.
HONOLULU. Sept. 13.-United States
Senator Burton of Kansas Is reliably
quoted as having stated to Senator For
aker of Ohio that the Gher interests had
practically bribed the Hawaiian Territo
rial administration In the matter of the
Kohala water franchise, so that other
competitors for the franchise had no
chance. Burton's statements were made
In a letter to Foraker, it is reported, and
the Senator from Ohio at once commu
nicated the charge to H. B. Gher, with
the result that the'latter Is starting an
Investigation. Burton's charges Included
Governor Dole, tho Boyds and the.mem
bers of the Executive Council generally.
The Senator from Kansas will have to
answer for them now, says Gher, and he
is therefore preparing as a starter to
have the matter investigated. In talking
of the matter Gher said:
The statement is mad« that I bribed th«
whole Hawaiian Government and now we will
*ee what there is in It. I wrote an answer
to Senator Burton's ntateraents at once- and
furntahed the Governor a copy of it. The in
vestigation will reach further than those Inter
ested may think, and possibly there will be
eome suits -for criminal libel .before we get
through. I shall go into the question as com
pletely an I went Into. the Kohala forests to
investigate the water 1 supply. Senator Bur
ton" • charges also Included the statement that
Boyd and other officials were heavily inter
ested in our side of the matter and that we
had a representative before the Executive
Council who held five Government positions
under salary. We will .find out all about it
now.
Special Correspondence.
King Unveils Victoria Memorial.
LONDON. Sept. 20.— At the parish
church of Crathie. three-quarters of a
mile fmm Balmoral Castle, which was
attended by Queen Victoria, King ' Ed
ward. In the presence of the Prince and
Princess of Wales, Prince and Princess
Charles of Denmark, Premier Balfour,
I^orrt Lanwlownp and other Ministers and
p distinguished congregation, this morn
ing unvefted a memorial irjst of the late
Queen Victoria, by the sculptor Emil
Fuchs. and two mur.il tablets in memory
ff the late Duke of Kdinburgh and Em
press Frederick of Germany. The three
memorials were erected at the expense of
the Kirs'.
Railroad Company Is
sues a Misleading
Announcement.
Denies Bribery Charge
Made by Senator
Burton.
WILKESBARRE, Pa., Sept. 20.— E. W.
Campbell, one of the game wardens of
Luzerne County, to-day shot and proba
bly fatally wounded Roman Dales, aged
35 years, near Campbells Lodge, two miles
Trom Plttston.
Several foreigners of late have been vio
lating the game laws, especially on Sun
day. Campbell, with other officers, found
five men to-day prowling around the
woods with guns. He notified them, to
leave, which they refused to do. An at
tempt was made to put Dales under ar
rest, and the latter raised his* gun to
shoot. As he did so Campbell seized the,
weapon. . It was discharged in the scuf
fle, the contents tearing Campbell's cloth
ing.
Both men fell to the ground. Dales
made an attempt to reload the gun,
whereupon Campbell drew his revolver
and in a second struggle Dales was shot,
the ball striking him in the back. The
prisoner, after being wounded, grappled
again with the officer and showed fight
until he was overpowered by the other
officers, who came to Campbell's relief.
Campbell surrendered to the Authorities
and gave ball for a further hearing on
Tuesday morning. The four other hunt
ers, all foreigners, are under arrest.
Fatally Wounds Pennsylvania
Huntsman in a Struggle to
the Death.
GAME WARDEN BATTLES
WITH VIOLATOR OF LAW
GHER DEMANDS
INVESTIGATION
LINCOLN, Neb., Sept. 20.— The pursuit
of Thomas Madison, charged with the
murder of Mr3. Williamson, her aged
mother and 12-year-old daughter, contin
ued to-day in the vicinity of Cowles, Neb.
Hundreds joined In the search. It Is be
lieved Madison is still hiding In the corn
fields of "Webster County and that he will
not be found until hunger compels him to
seek food. The husband of the murdered
woman has been taken home from the
search, prostrated by grief.
Hundreds Seek a Murderer.
COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo., Sept. 30.-
A Rock Island passenger train running
with extra speed to make up lost tints ran
into a handcar on which five person*
were riding, and as a result of the colli
sion Mrs. James L. Roberts, aged 50
year?. Is dead and her daughter Su?ie,
aged 22 years, is seriously Injured. Mrs.
Roberts, her daughter and thre« sons
were traveling on <he,Jiandcar to Foun
tain to attend church. The men were
operating the car and saw the train as It
bore down upon them. They Jumped and
were uninjured. The women were slttfnj?
on the platform of the car and were un
able to leap before the train was upon
them.
Train's Engine Strikes Handcar.
PERPETRATES BIG
HOAX ON PUBLIC
BALTIMORE, Sept. 20.— A' mass
meeting of Odd Fellows was'
held In Ford's Opera-house this
afternoon in celebration of the
annual convention of the sover
eign Grand Lodge, which will begin here
to-morrow. The programme included a
service of song and prayer.
Alfred S. Plnkerton of Massachusetts,
past grand sire, delivered an address in
which he dwelt upon the good work which
had been accomplished by the order of
Odd Fellows. Elvin J. Curry of Balti
more also delivered an address.
Odd Fellows from every State in the
Union continue to arrive here to remain
during the sessions of the Grand L.odge.
This evening the anniversary of the es
tablishment of the Rebekeh branch was
celebrated with special services at
tho Fayette-street Methodist Episcopal
Church.
CHICO. Sept. 20.— Within two days the
electric plant of the Valley Counties
Power Company will be sending about
3000 horsepower into the wires connecting
this plant with the Colgate plant on the
Yuba. A force of from 200 to 300 men have
been engaged in construction work on this
plant for nearly two years, and when
complete it will furnish upward of 20.000
horsepower to be distributed over the bay
counties.
Work of Hundreds of Men at Chico
for Two Years Almost
Ended.
GREAT ELECTRIC PLANT
NOW NEAR COMPLETION
The attraction under the direction of
•Charles W. Vosmer is making rapid
si ride?. Vosrner is well known through
out the country and has maae successes
of parks, gardens and similar attractions
in most of the leading cities. He has a
constant ey? on improvement and the re
port brings out more clearly from Sun
day to Sunday the result of his efforts.
At the beach an immense crowd gath
•="-«h1 and Coney Island proved to be the
.banner attraction. Hundreds passed
through the gates and remained, until the
balloon ascension at the conclusion of the
vaudeville performance. Professor "Billy"
Vosmer made a daring and spectacular
aseontion. He ro.=e to a great height,
and hung by one leg and finally disap
peared in the clouds. The crowd watched
with interest until he reappeared a few
moment* later under the parachute and
landed safely on terra firma. All the
«'r.<p?«ifinf were well patronized and cf
t hr> vaudeville selections. Belle Williams,
a clever soubrette. Carter and Meudel.
comedy kings, Robert Nome, musical ar
tist and Dick Mack, monologue artist,
were the best.
The large crowd that assembled before
the Park band stand yesterday arose and
stood with heads bared while the "Star
Spangled Banner" was played. This mark
of respect to the national anthem was
Known for the first time one week ago
Sunday and the Park bandmen hope to
t-stablish a precedent that will be fol
lowed throughout the city wherever the
anthem is played. The George H.
Thoma? Post was foremost in the move
ment of creating a testimonial of patriot
ism to the flag and many old veterans
were present In the throng and were
leaders in bringing the audience to an
understanding of the new order.
New Con«y Island Witnessed
by Hundreds of People.
T>aring Balloon Ascension at the
HEADS BARED WHILE •
ANTHEM IS PLAYED
Curry has many friends in the country
through which he Is passing, and they
will aid him to reach the rendezvous of
his eansr, where he -will be safe in the
fastnesses of the Bear Paw mountains
from pursuit or capture. When last heard
from on Saturday he was only ten miles
from his destination ana well mounted.
As the posses got startea only this after
noon, the chances are all in Curry's favor.
"Jim" Landusky, eon of Pile Landusky,
who was killed by "Kid" Curry before
the Great Northern hold-up of two years
ago, was In town to-day, buying ammu
nition of all calibers. Pile- Landusky wan
killed by Curry because the latter feared
he would betray the Curry gang. In spite
of this young Landusky is known as a
warm friend and adherent of Curry. His
promiscuous purchase of cartridges and
the fact that the posses are in search of
Curry lead to the opinion that the outlaw
has reached the members of his gang In
the Bear Paw Mountains and that all are
preparing to give their pursuers a warm
reception.
CHINOOK, Mont., Sept. 20.— Posses are
searching every section of country In the
vicinity of Bear Paw mountains for "Kid"
Curry, the leader of the gang which held
up two Great Northern express trains on
July 3, 1901, and who escaped from Knox
ville Jail while awaiting transportation to
tbe Ohio penitentiary to serve out a
twenty vear sentence for forging signa
tures to the stolen bank bills obtained in
the robbery. The posses are composed of
men well accuainted with the country In
which Curry is traveling, and who are
equally as quick on the trigger as he or
any of his gang. It Is many miles from
where the search is being prosecuted to
the nearest telegraph point, and it may
be days after an encounter before any
thing Is known of what occurred.
Montana Man-Hunters Hope to Bring
Down Notorious Leader of
Train Robbers.
POSSES ON THE TRAIL
OF FUGITIVE CURRY
At Prairie du Chien the Mississippi ami
"Wisconsin rivers have risen twenty-four
inches during the last twenty-four hours.
Crops on low lands along the Mississippi
above the city are being flooded and many
acres of corn are a'ready under water.
Seven hundred feet of newly built city
levee was washed away. Farm restdenc?s
in the district are surrounded. Hun
dreds of acres of potatoes, corn and mil
let are ruined.
MILWAUKEE, Sept. 2O.-At Portaje.
Wis.. the Wisconsin River reached a
stage of 12.2 /eet at the Government lock
at noon to-day, ¦when the city levee on
the west side of the river broke and th<*
entire district between the Wisconsin
River bridge and the Baraboo River, cov
ering a space of six miles, is a sea of
water.
Water Covers Space of Six Miles and
Ruins Hundreds of Acres
of Crops.
WISCONSIN RIVER BREAKS
THE LEVEE AT PORTAGS
C. C. Hamlin, secretary* of the associa
tion, to-day reiterated his statement that
the mines of the association would be
opened, even if it becomes necessary to
import men for all positions.
The Strattons' Independence mine was
started this morning. Superintendent
Cornish said that he had all the men that
could be used at present. A number of
men who formerly worked for him in
Leadville, he said, had applied for places.
The union men claim that there have
been a number of desertions from the
ranks of the Duluth men. This is denied
by the members of the Mine Owners" As
sociation.
To-day delegations from the local Grand
Army post and Women's Relief Corps vis
ited Camp Goldfleld and were entertained
by the soldiers. In welcoming them Ad
jutant General Sherman Bel; made the
following significant statement:
A» long- as the troops of the State of Col
orado are in the field the American flag Will
be unfurled to float over this camp aH- tall,
ail winter, all spring and all next summer if
ne.ee seary.
He was followed by Brigadier General
Chase, who said:
We are here to pettle this strike and I am
FlaJ to say tbat we are going to stay until
It is settled. It *.z for the best Interests of the
Stp.te of Colorado that this question be set
tled for all time and we are going to do it.
VICTOR, Colo.. Sept. 20.-As the non
union men who were brought from Minne
sota to take the places cf the striking
miners were going to cupper to-night they
were surrounded by about 500 striker?,
who Jeered at them as they walked along
the street. A troop of cavalry was or
dered to the scene and dispersed tha
crowd.
The speakers at the meeting Included
General Nelson A. Miles, Rabbi Hirsch
and Judge Marcus Kavanaugh.
COLUMBUS, Ohio. Sept. 20.— The Em
met centennial celebration here to-day
was participated in by Irish-Americans
from all sections of Ohio. It is estimat
ed that 23,000 excursionists were brought
into the city. There was a parade early
in the afternoon of Irish societies. About
3000 men were in line. Following the pa
rade there was a mass meeting at the
Columbus Auditorium, at which addresses
of welcome were delivered by Governor
Nash and Mayor Jeffrey.
While w» reeoKniz* In the land bill which
hns recently become law a substantial conces
sion tc the Ju^t d»mand.« of the Irish people,
v/e do not regard it &<• either a settlement or
a compromise of th« Irlfh question. We urge
the l^adfrs of the United Irish League to take
tip witli vigor and increased activity the move
mer.t to secure legislative Independence, which
¦we hold to be of preater Importance than the
settlement of the land question.
CHICAGO. Sept. 2O.-At the First Regi
ment Armory to-night a huge meeting un
der the auspices of the United Irish So
cieties of Chicago adopted a resolution de
claring that no settlement of the Irish
question short of national Independence
would satisfy the aspirations of the Irish
people. The occasion for the gathering
was the one hundredth anniversary of the
execution of Robert Emmet, and the reso
lution was emphatic that no Ireland
would satisfy men of Irish blood but the
Ireland for which Emmet died— Ireland a
ration free and independent, making her
own laws, floating her own flag, sharing
her own fortunes, acknowledsing alle
giance to no power outside the limits with
which nature has bounded the island.
The following resolution was adopted:
Resolutions were passed declaring the
only proper settlement of the- differences
between Ireland and England to be the
sbo'ition of English rule in Ireland and
pledging the Clan-na-Gael to work for
the establishment of an Irish republic.
The orator of the evening was former
I'nited States Senator Charles A. Towne
of Minnesota, Towne pictured the scene
of Emmet's death, which he declared waa
one of the most pathetic tragedies in all
history.
"It is a hopeful spectacle." he said,
"for the man is the incarnation of an
Idea, arid that, please God, nothing can
ever km."
The Academy of Mu.«ic was filled to
overflowing by a meeting held under the
auspices of the Clan-na-Gael to commem
orate the centenary of the martyrdom of
Robert Emmet.
The oration of the evening was made
by John K. FIncrty of Chicago. American
president of the I'nited Irish League. The
thn.e things that caused the failure of
Emmet's rising, he said, were careless
ness, treachery and inebrity. and he
added: "Any Irishman, who on a mission
for his country gets drunk, deserves to be
frhot."
In a speech eulogizing Emmet. Robert
Emmet O'Dor.nell offered resolutions call
ing attention to the land bl'.l victory and
i hanked tlie 1'nitod Irish league for its
work in that direction and pledged the
sympathy and active support of American
Irish to the festering of the principles of
Rorert Kmmet and the fruition of his
ideals. The vote was taken by rising.
Toma? Estrada Palma. son of the Cu
ban President, was oa the platform with
his American wife. Young Pa'.rr.a was in
troduced and acknowledged the honor
with a brief speech.
"I can only offer my sympathy and that
of the Cuban peop'.e to the Irish nation
in its oppression." the Cuban said. "I
hope some day thai Ireland will take its
place among the independent nations of
the world along with my own beloved
country."
William Temple Emmet, a great-great
nephew of the Irish martyr, was present,
as Theodore Wolf Tone Maxwell.
grandson of Wolf Tone. The members
of the family of Thomas Addis Emmet
were also present. Rev. Charles Mc-
I'rfaJy presided. •
NEW YORK, Sept. 2O.-Six thousand
persons gathered in Carnegie Hall to
night to do honor to the memory of Rob
ert Emmet, under the auspices of the
United Irish League. Great enthusiasm
was displayed throughout the evening.
Home Secretary Akers-Douglas started
for Balmoral to-night, and he probabiy
will be involved In the reconstruction
changes.
With the resignation of Lord Balfour
and Financial Secretary' Elliot, botil
strong free traders. It Is understood that
the Ministerial resignations are complet
ed, and apparently the Duke of Devon
shire has decided to remain In the Cabi
net. It is practically certain that Austen
Chamberlain. Lord Mllner and Brodrlck
will take the Exchequer. Colonies anl
India portfolios, respectively, and tha
only surprise in the new appointments is
likely to be the nomination of a stron;
man to the War Office to determine how
far the recommendations of the South
African War Commission can be carried
out.
LONDON, Sept. 21-Lord B.i!four of
Burlelgrh. Secretary for Scotland, and Ar
thur Ralph Douglass Elliot. Financial
Secretary to the Treasury, have resigned
and their resignations have been accepted
by the King. % Elliott was not in the Cabi
net. These two resignations mako a total
Of four vacant Cabinet posts and one Sec
retaryship at Balfour's disposal.
CHICAGO, Srpt. 20.— President Roose- !
velt to-day was voted by the Chicago
Federation of Labor a 9000-word letter of
advice. In which fault is found with the
President's attitude on the question of
fpen shons. The letter was prompted by
the decision of President Roosevelt in the
Miller case, in which the President said
that Miller or arry other man must not be
discharged from the Government print
ing ofiite 0:1 account of non-membership
in a union.
"Oeliciouply unaware of the hypocrisy of
i iir» world of finance." "honest and hu
jnaoe, but uninformed." were two of the
« !au?es used to describe the President in
t'ie long letter of the open-shop com
rr.itte^. •
it? opening paragraphs contained a def
inite disclaimer of any wish to attack Mr.
Itocsevelt. thy blame for the chief execu
tive'* attitude in the Miller affair being
placed oii a "coterie of certain well
known interests which are constantly on
puard around the White House." The
President was told that he fell into error
iii his view of the question, "because of
that impetuosity for which we love
you."
A copy of the communication will be
forwarded to Oyster Bay at or.ce. under
•late of Labor day, September 7. The read
irj; of the letter before the federation
meeting to-day occupied mote than an
. hour and excited applause from the
crowd of delegates.
Suspecting foul play, he started a
search, but no trace of the missing man
could be found for some time. Finally tha
son found where the earth had apparently
been disturbed and a fire built over the
'mound to divert attention. Digging down
several feet at this point the body was
uncovered. The son at once rode to
Prlnevllle to notify the Coroner and
Sheriff before removing the corpse from
the ground.
Donkel and his son were camped on the
banks of the Dechutes River and were
engaged in putting up hay. The son left
ten days a£o on a cattle round-up and
when he returned on Monday says he was
surprised to find that his father had dis
appeared.
PRIN'EVILLE. Ore., Sept. 20.— C. M.
Donkel, a son of S. P. E>onkel. the rancher
whoBe body was found a few days ago,
has been arrested for murder. He Is now
In the County Jail. Quite a feeling is en
tertained against the young man by the
people living in the vicinity. The young
man himself, while not denying that he
had frequent troubles with his father,
saye he can give a satisfactory account of
his movements.
Special Dlfpatrh to Tb« Call.
Adjutant General Bell Makes
a Rather Significant
Statement.
Elliot, Financial Secretary
to tne Treasury, Also
Retires.
Criticizes His Decision in the
Case of Foreman
Miller.
Clan- Na- Gael Holds Com
memorative Exercises
in Columbuv
Prisoner Says He Can Give
a Satisfactory Account of
His Movements.
Irish League* Holds Big
Mass Meeting in City
of New York.
Balfour of Burleigh Re
signs From British
Cabinet.
Quickly Disperse Crowd
of Jeering Miners
at Victor.
Chicago Federation of
Labor Sends Letter
to Roosevelt.
Authorities Accuse Him
of the Murder of
His Father.
HONORS MEMORY
OF BRAVE EMMET
OFFERS ADVICE
TO PRESIDENT
TROOPS RESCUE
NON UNION MEN
MORE VACANCIES
MUST BE FILLED
YOUNG DONKEL
IS NOW IN JAIL
THE ?AK FRANCISCO CALL. MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 21, 1903.
Hold iMass Meeting in Baltimore Preliminary to the Open
ing of the Annual Session of the Grand Lodge v and
Listen to Addresses by Prominent Members of Order
ODD FELLOWS CELEBRATE
WITH SPECIAL SERVICES
3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE CALL'S j
GREAT ATLAS OFFER
Will close on September 24,
1003/ and all holders of Atlas
Coupons are , requested to pro-
cent tliexn immediately, as this
great opportunity to secure ona
cf these splendid Atlases at The
Call's* premium rates will* b«
brought to a close on Septem-
ber 24.
ADVEKTISEMENTS. •
f
Skin Diseases
rf the BMt stubborn mad chronic kind
ere promptly relieved and eventually
cured by the u«e of
0
/
This powerful permicide is ab-
solutely harmless. It has cured
cases pronounced incurable and
will cure you. By killing the
£rrms tbat cause skm diseases, it
allows Nature to restore a healthy
skin, l-'^ed and endorsed by lead-
ing physicians everywhere for the
last 1 2 years. Booklet on request.
So'.d by leading drc£Ri*ts or trial
boitlt scot prepaid on receipt of 25 cents.
Gl.O Prince St., New York
§3 IS THE MARK OF m
*5! O T T T O HP l&
*&& CLUETT, PEA5ODY & CO. |||
Schilling's Best and good
grocers are apt to be found
together.
There's mighty good reason
for that.
and out it's all the same
I In examining one of our suits you will find that the same qua!-
| ity runs all through it. The linings, trimmings and workmanship
arc consistent in quality with the material used.
It is very easy for a tailor to make a sightly garment outside
and use inferior lininzs. \. .;,: ''•
The inside of our jjarments will wear as lorflg as the outside.
If it didn't we would make it good. In any event you get our re-
pairing guarantee. This alone proves that our clothes are honest
Suit to Order
at whatever price vou care to pay from $io up. We will guaran-
tee satisfaction in fit and wear.
Come in and look over our patterns. You need not buy because
you look or keep because you buy.
Out-of-loivn customers con order through our sclf-mcas~>
uring system. Blank and samples sent upon request.
17^40 Market Street and
j Corner Powell and Eddy StreetsCRUISER OLYMPIA OF THE UNITED STATES NAVY, NOW IN DOCK AT NORFOLK, UNDERGOING REPAIRS
FOR INJURIES SUSTAINED LAST MONTH, AT WHICH TIME THE PORT AND STARBOARD BOTTOM
PLATES WERE BADLY DAMAGED.
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by, the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's)i, 220 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1043. • .
Townsend' s California glace fruits and
candles. 50c a. pound. In artistic fire
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market St.. above Call bldg. •
private yards the reform in business
methods cannot be longer protracted, and
the bureaus could be reduced from eight
to six. thereby increasing' the efficiency
and reducing th<? expense of the navy.
The Bureau of Equipment is an incon
gruous establishment. It has charge of
the purchase and carp of coal, compasses
and cooking utensils, the manufacture of
rope, anchors, cables, rigging, sails and
galleys. It has charge of the Naval Ob
servatory, Nautical Almanac. Hydro
graphic Office, and also Installs and
maintains electrical appliances on board
ship. The chief of that bureau has
cudgeled his brains for two years to de
vise a wireless telegraph system different
from those of Marconi and D'Arcy. but
has evidently given it up, as the German
system is now being introduced in our naval
vessels after a delay of two years* As an
offset, however, he has selected a stand
ard plated-ware table set and decided that
unplated knives are preferable to the
plated, article. These diversified functions
are now to be given over to other bu
reaus, where they properly belong, and
the time is not far distant when the Bu
reau of Construction will absorb the Bu
reau of Steam Engineering, the former to
be known as that of Shipbuilding and
Materials, and in conjunction with the
Bureau of Ordnance constitute the manu
facturing establishments or the navy.
The injuries to the battleship Massa
chusetts, cruiser Olympia and gunbeat
Scorpion, sustained last month, are more
serious than first reported ana it will re
quire considerable more time and money
to repair the damage. The Massachusetts
is in dock at the New York, navy yard,
where the removal of the bottom plates
shows that transverse frames ar.d longi
tudinals have been pushed up and twisted
for a long distance. This will necessitate
much, labor to the inner botcom and
cause an expense of about $100,000. The
famous cruiser Olympia is in dock at Nor
folk; new plates will have to be put in
for a distance of ninety-six fleet along the
starboard bottom and for forty-five feet
en the port bottom. The repairs to the
Scorpion at the New York navy yard,
originally estimated at JSOOO, will be dou
ble the expense and consume two months'
time. No court of inquiry has as yet
been ordered in the case or the Scorpion,
which Is commented upon by naval offi
cers as establishing a new precedent and
contrary to the navy regulations.
Kentucky has reached a desperate and utterly unex
pected crisis in her political and social affairs. Her
predicament appeals to the humanity of her fellow
States. One of her distinguished murderers, a start
ling example for many, has threatened to confess.
Robbers entered the Santa Barbara express office
the other day, found the combination to the safe con
veniently in a drawer and rifled the vault of all its
cash. When the society, for the encouragement of
vice ever meets Santa Barbara should be the unani
mous choice of the convention for the place of as
sembly.
The death of Johnson Sides, the Piute Indian peace
maker, removes from life a man essentially brave and
good and worthy of the best thoughts of his genera
tion. The lesson he taught may be conned to better
advantage by white men than by the simple people of
his own blood. His message was to act the golden
rule.
The practice of mistaking poison for medicine and,
in the ministration of the substitute, killing the pa
tient seems to be drifting rapidly into a national
characteristic. It is a habit that might most easily
be discouraged by the enaction of penal laws. 'Care
lessness is worse than maliciousness, as it injures both
persons affected.
Hawaii is herself again. Her threatened lapse into
monotonous respectability has been safely passed and
the reputation she has justly earned has been saved.
She held a political convention the other day and
conducted it only to the accompaniment of the most
serious disturbances. We have glad hopes for some
thing more startling.
A Federal expert whose word, based upon pains
taking investigation, cannot be gainsaid, says with
reproach that we simply are drinking labels when we
think we are drinking foreign wines, lias he forgot
ten the American .axiom that nothing is but thinking
makes it so? We are trained to believe that anybody
who' can cheat an American deserves his triumph.
Russia has at last secured a competent press agent
through whom to place her cause adequately and
favorably before the world. In a recent massacre of
Jews the report reads that four Christians and two
Jews were killed. It is always well to tell your story
before the other fellow has a chance to do so, as
three-quarters of the battle is won if your opponent is
forced on the defensive.
It will be seen that upon this theory Nome be
comes the center of nature's gold laboratory in our
It will be perceived that the theory requires for its
maintenance a proof that wherever gold is found
there has once been a tremendous ice cap, but that
does not disturb the author. He says: "Take region
after region, and by studying thoroughly their for
mations and by following closely all the traces yet in
existence you shall see in what places alternately
through the ages the poles were situated; where once
the central ice cap rested; how from the central mass
the glacial streams radiated."
In explanation of the method by which the gold
production is carried on beneath the Arctic ice cap
he says: "Slowly and surely the ice cap is grinding
along, crashing and shifting rocks and strata with
indomitable force. .AH at once it strikes a spark,
which catches in the imbedded and compressed layers
upon layers of what once was life — highly resinous
trees, pulps of all sorts, sulphurs, nitres, etc. The
substances are on fire. They burn, explode and then
smolder, explode and explode again. There is no
escape for the gases. The ice cap ever doubles them
back on the fire. Steadily fed by them the heat
grows stronger and stronger. With the upward
pressure of the heat the downward pressure of the'
indomitable ice ever increases. That is nature's for
midable smelter; none of the gases escape, but all
their virtues stay with the mass, which is in a con
tinuous state of chemical metamorphosis."
FP.OM Nome comes a pamphlet by Conrad Siem
setting forth a theory of the origin of gold,
which the author describes as "of particular in
terest to the people of Nome." In these days of sci
entific speculation it is also of interest to the general
public, since it furnishes what is at least a plausible
explanation of the method by which nature has pro
duced and continues to produce her golden ores.
Starting with the sound proposition that what na
ture has done once she is always doing, Mr. Siem
argues that the process by which gold was produced
in the past is going on continually and that new
stores of gold are being wrought out in the giant
laboratories of nature with an inexhaustible and un
ceasing energy. The particular interest which Nome
has in the theory is due to the fact that, according
to the author, the production of gold is always car
ritd on under glacial conditions, the precious metal
being the result of the fusion of elementary matter
by volcanic heat under the pressure of mighty ice
cap's.
Mr. Siem says: "We have evidence that gold grows.
Conceiving it as a product of time, as a produce of
nature's great laboratory that is ever actively refin
ing, may it not well be" that the best breeding and
producing grounds of gold are lying under these
very ice caps? The downward pressure of the ice
and the upward pressure of the earth are ever alike,
and with these titanic hammer and anvil nature forges
matter to the fineness of gold."
A geological argument too elaborate to be accu
rately summarized is advanced in the pamphlet to
maintain the thesis that Seward peninsula, jutting out
as it does between the frozen north and the Pacific,
bears the brunt of the conflict between those forces
which tend to spread Arctic condition^ downward to
the south and the counterbalancing forces that tend
to uphold the existing equilibrium. He says: "Over
its extent the ice of the Arctic and the warm waters
of the Pacific have fought for supremacy through
the ages. In periods it has been compressed and
depressed by towering mountains of ice, and in others
following the sea would wash clean over it from the
south. Whenever it became relieved from the over
bearing ice it would always gradually, rise, and rearing
its head high above the sea, would hold once more
the gate against the north."
ORIGIN OP- GOLD.
Emperor Francis Joseph has created a European
sensation by refusing emphatically to grant the de
mands of the Hungarian army. He is to be congrat
ulated that at least he has his national back yard be
tween him and the disgruntled generals. The death
of Alexander and Draga and the predicament of Peter
are lessons which monarchs learn without difficulty.
Local conditions remain unchanged. Times are
good both in the city and country, money is in ample
supply, collections are normal, there are no important
failures, the farmers are receiving first-rate prices for
their varied produce as a rule, real estate continues
actrve at good prices and both the domestic and for
eign trade of the coast are reported fine. Conditions
rould not be better if we made them ourselves. Pos
sibly they would not be so good.
The financial side of the commercial situation looks
well. Fall is upon us, the call for funds to move the
crops of the West has begun and thus far there is no
friction. Secretary Shaw has sent some of the inter
nal revenue money into the West to help things
along, and as the Western banks have been setting
aside funds for crop forwarding for some months the
calls on New York are fewer and for smaller amounts
than in former years. The West is growing more
able each succeeding year to furnish it* own funds
for sending the crops forward, but New York has
still the bulk of the burden, though the Western
banks have relieved the tension considerably this
year. Next year they will probably do even more in
this direction. The country's bank clearings made a
better showing last week, the loss from 1902 being
reduced from over 40 per cent for the preceding
week to 27.1 per cent as compared with 1002, with the
frains and losses about equally distributed among the
dozen or fifteen largest cities. The failures for the
week were 219, against 199 for the corresponding
week in 1002.
IF there was any distinctive feature to trade last
week it was the weather scare that swept over
the East and Middle West. Excessive rains
llooded the grain fields in a number of States where
the grain was in shock and prevented the final har
vesting in a great many important districts, the area
affected being 300.000.000 acres. To aggravate the
situation what aras ?aid to be the worst frost ever
known under similar crop conditions came along
about the same time, and what with the excessive
rains and widespread killing frost it looked for a day
or ;o as if the yields of both wheat and corn would
be very seriously diminished. This of course would
r^ean decreased railroad earnings and a correspond
ing depression in Wall street, less purchasing power
in the great area known as the wheat and corn belts,
a smaller demand for merchandise there and a con
traction of credits. Of course this has its effct on
stocks and general trade as well. Wall street paused,
awaiting developments. But happily the scare passed
over with far less damage than apprehended and by
Saturday the country was breathing easier again. A
bushel corn crop was practically as«ured,
which means a great deal to the country. .
There was an unfavorable feature attendant upon
this reassuring news, however. It was a decline in
the stock market, where a buoyant tone had been con
fidently expected to follow the passing of the crop
scare, and it was a disappointment to the street. That
stocks should go down in the face of such a cheerful
reversion of conditions was not only bearish but
rather gloomy. It was the general opinion that the
public were selling to reaiize, especially as there was
a whisper floating about the street that the public
might look for the disintegration in the not distant
future of several large industrial syndicates put into
operation several years ago by certain large banking
interests. No names were mentioned, but the whis
per had its effect just the same, and the public sold
off the market, crop damage or no crop damage.
As far as distributive trade is concerned the best
reports now are from the Pacific Coast and the South
west. For a long time the Northwest sent in ex
cellent reports, but those from that quarter now are
deteriorating. Bad weather along the Atlantic Coast
has also given trade a temporary setback in that
Region. The manufacturing interests, however, re
port plants well employed as a rule. Even the tex
tile mills, which have for months been lagging be
hind, are now reporting the wheels going briskly.
Structural activity seems to be reviving somewhat
and the demand for lumber is reported good in most
sections. Iron and steel quotations continue weak,
with scattering recessions every few days, and the
mills report fewer orders on their books than at this
time last year, though the trade cannot be called dull
by any means. Provisions have received a check at
Chicago and the recent buoyancy there has been suc
ceeded by a quieter and easier market. The other
staples present no new features worthy of note.
BUSINESS GETS A CROP SCARE
The naval vessels comprising the fleet
in the recent German maneuvers con
sisted of seven battleships, four coast
defense ships, one armored cruiser, ten
cruisers and twenty-three torpedo di\is
ion boats. The latter, in' four divisions,
consisted of five boats, S. 91 and 96 built
in 1899, which were rated at 26*£ knots,
five boats at 27 knots and thirteen boats,
Just out of the builders' hands, having a
sea speed of 30 knots.
An interesting case has been decided in
the court martial of Captain Jacobson of
the German gunnery ship Freya. In No
vember last the shin, with the tender
Brummer, was practicing at sea and a
collision was narrowly averted through
the captain's order/ to shifts the helm.
Through this order trie responsiblity of the
¦watch officer, previously in command of
the ship, ceased, and shortly after when a
steamer came uncomfortably close to the
Freya, Captain Jacobson and the watch
• • •
The results of firing the 12-inch guns
of the French battleship Massena against
the turret of the Suffren are not yet suf
ficiently known to establish the value of
the experiment, nor has the object of the
trial been given out. The probable ob
ject was to ascertain whether the impact
of a shell against the turret would be
disastrous to the crew and if the turning
machinery would be damaged. The first
shell or armor-piercing projectile, weigh
ing 644 pounds or 750 pounds according to
its designation, was fired at short range
with a reduced charged which would give
the velocity of 5000 feet if fired at the
latter range with a full charge. The tur
ret of the Suffren, 10 inches thick, was
furtlfer reinforced by an additional plate
in wake of the locality to be hit, and the
projectile struck the spot fairly with no
visible damage to either the turret or the
sheep within, it. The second shot, fired
with an increased charge, jammed the
turret slightly, broke several electric light
wires within the turret, and wounded two
of the sheep. Pieces of the shell flew back
on the Massena without, however, hurt
ing anyone. This trial is by no means the
first of its kind, for a similar one took
place in the British navy In 1865 with the
turret ship Royal Sovereign, and again
In July, 1S72, when the 12-inch guns of the
Hotspur were fired against the turret of
the Glatton. The results then, as now,
pi*)ve that a well aimed shot is likely to
disable the turret either by disabling the
turning gear or by forcing the turret off
its center.
Four gunboats for the Chinese navy are
being built by contract at Kobe, Japan.
Bids were received from other countries,
but none were as low as the offer of the
Japanese. The boats are intended for
service on the Yangtse River, and are 180
feet in length, 23 feet beam and displace
525 tons on 7 feet draught. The engines
are of 950 horsepower, calculated to give
a speed of 13 knots.
the Good Hope, it is claimed,
made an average speed of 22^ knots for
several hours, far exceeding that of the
fastest cruiser in the fleet. It enabled
her to overhaul any vessel or escape from
any battleship too powerful to engage.
As to the lighter cruisers, a naval expert
asserts that they were often more of a
hindrance than a help, and expresses the
opinion that in . actual warfare it would
often be necessary to sacrifice them by
wholesale. The safest plan, he maintains,
would be to keep all of them, excepting
scouts and dispatch vessels, within reach
of fortified harbors until the heavier ves
sels have been disposed of in pitched bat
tles, when they would be of importance as
a reserve force.
The latest torpedo experiments on the
old Belleisle were chiefly to test the value
of American cellulose as a water-exclud
ing material. A compartment was fitted
on the outside of the hull, twenty feet
long, three feet deep and projecting two
feet from the side. This cofferdam was
located ten feet below the waterline and
packed tight with cellulose. When the
torpedo— lashed to this compartment—ex
ploded, the top of the cofferdam blew off,
scattering much of the cellulose into
space and the test was therefore hardly
to be considered conclusive. A large hole
was blown throush the vessel and the
Bellisle settled down in shallow water.
The shin is again to be patched up and
subjected to further tests.
ONE of the results of the recent
British naval maneuvers was
to establish beyond a doubt
the great value of swift ar
mored cruisers. One of these.
Slowly but surely business principles
displace antiquated and irrational meth
ods in the Navy Department. The latest
improvement in that direction is contem
plated in the extinction of the so-called
Bureau of Equipment, the usefulness of
which ceased with the advent of the
steam navy. At the present time there are
eight bureaus, namely: Yards and Docks.
Equipment, Navigation. Ordnance. Con
struction and Repair, Steam Engineering,
Supplies and Accounts and Medicine and
Surgery. The functions of the Equip
ment, Ordnance, Construction and Steam
Engineering bureaus have never been ac
curately defined and there has been much
contention as to which bureau should
perform certain kinds of work. Each
maintains a department In the navy
yards, with separate buildings, offices, of
fice force, workshops, etc., increasing the
expense and reducing the efficiency of
the national dockyards, and now that the
navy yards are placed in competition with
The resignations in the United States
navy show no abatement and it is likely
that some law will be passed bv Con
gress to curtail this practice. There have
been eleven resignations since January 1,
1903, namely, three lieutenants, one Junior
lieutenant, one ensign, two passed assist
ant surgeons, two naval constructors, one
assistant constructor and one second lieu
tenant of marines. The resignation of the
eight Naval Academy graduates is espe
cially serious. The aggregate cost of
these officers for education and salaries
approximates $250,000, for which they have
rendered but HttJe service, and at this
particular time, when every one of the
lower grades is short of officers, the resig
nations are rather embarrassing to the
Navy Department. Thus, the construct
ors' corps, which on January 1 consisted
of forty members, still remains at the
same strength, and it will be utterly im
possible to increase it to seventy-five dur
ing the next six years, as contemplated
by the law of last March. It requires
more training to make an efficient builder
of vessels than is demanded of a Junior
deck officer.
officer both failed to give the necessary
order to clear the steamer, and the re
sult was a collision with the Brummer.
A court martial followed at which the
watch officer was cleared and the captain
held responsible and sentenced to three
days' confinement in his quarters. An ap
peal was taken from one court to another
and the highest tribunal recently con
firmed the sentence. Another case is that
of the cruiser Ariadne, which was run
aground at Brest three months aso. It
was shown that accident was entirely un
avoidable, but nevertheless the court sen
tenced the captain to one day's arrest and
the navigator to three days, both to be
confined to their quarters for that period.
DESPITE the efforts of Tom Johnson to make
a campaign in Ohio this year on strictly local
issues the pressure of national interests at
stake has been too great to be avoided, and already
the contest has opened with the tariff question as the
primal object of controversy. ¦'
It is strange that at this juncture', when the British
themselves are on the eve of abandoning the free
trade policy because of the ruin with which it threat
ens "manufacturing as well as agricultural industries,
any considerable number of Americans should think
of trying to adopt it as an American policy. Nothing
but the known capacity of Democratic leaders for
blundering suffices to induce the people to believe
that such an effort is likely to be made. There can,
however, be no doubt of it. The extraordinary activ
ity of the Free Trade League has long been notable,
and 'for some time past the reorganizers in their
struggles to get away from'Bryanism and free silver
have been floundering steadily toward the free trade
slough. Thus it is that in Ohio Mr. Clarke, the
Democratic nominee for the United States Senate,
who happens to be a gold Democrat, in seeking to
dodge the question of Bryanism has been forced to
make a fight on the tariff, and the issue thus becomes
the chief point of debate between himself and Senator
Hanna.
Clarke approached the subject with as much astute
ness as he possesses. He did not speak outright for
free trade, but sought to gain support from the
prejudices of the ignorant by advocating a repeal of
the tariff on goods manufactured by trusts. Further
more in order to give at least a pretense of a reason
why there should be a change from a Republican to
a Democratic administration he found it necessary
to say, "This country is on the verge of a financial
and industrial collapse."
Senator Hanna was prompt to take advantage of
the folly of his opponent. He has reminded the peo
ple of Ohio of the sound foundations of our prosper
ity and at the same time warned them of the folly of
alarming the timid by howling calamity and endeav
oring to destroy popular confidence in the contin
uance of good times. As the Senator put it: "The
only danger that can possibly come to the people of
this country is through their own act, by their own
power and the will to change those policies which
have made us what we are to-day."
Of the tariff issue the Senator said: "Mr. Clarke
qualifies his position on the tariff by saying that he
would take the tariff entirely off of every article man
ufactured by the trusts. What does that mean?
Every iron and steel industry in the United States,
everything connected with the metal trades, with the
cotton trades and, in fact, nearly all of our great in
dustries, would come under the scope of his proposi
tion. Why, is there any intelligent man among the
workingmen of my State who does not know what
would be the result of that policy? Absolute free
trade through all the schedules of our tariff would
shut up 75 per cent of the industrial institutions of the
United States until we could get labor down to the
price where we could compete with Europe."
There is no getting away from that proposition.
Tom Johnson, seeking the office of Governor of
Ohio, may evade the issue, but his candidate for the
United States Senate cannot. It is once more a
fight of the party of blunderers and deficits against
the principle of protection to American industry.
That is what the workingmen of Ohio are to face in
this campaign and it is what those of the whole coun
try will probably have to face in the Presidential cam
paign of next year.
THE ISSUE OP THE TIME.
MONDAY SEPTEMBER 21, 1003
JOHN a SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager
TELEPHONE.
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator Will Connect
You "With the Department You Wish.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third, S. F.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Delivered by Carriers, 20 Cts. Per Week, 75 Cts.
Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cents.
Terms by Mail. Including: Postage (Cash "With Order):
DAILY CALL. (Including Sunday), one year 98.OO
DAILT CALL, (including Sunday). 6 months 4.0O
DAILY CALL— By Sinjrl* Month 75o
SUNDAY CALL. On* Year 2-CO
WEEKLY CALL, One Year l.OO
T Dally... fS.SO Per Year Extra
POREIGX POSTAGE { Sunday.. 4.15 Per Year Extra
I Weekly.. l.OO Per Year Extra
All postmaster* nre authorized to receive
Knbaorlptloni.
Eampl« copies will b» rewarded when requested.
Mail subscribers in ordering change of address should be
particular to five both NEW AND OLD ABDRCSS in order
to insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE.
111S Broadway Telephone Main 1O83
BERKELEY OFFICE.
2148 Center Street Telephone Xorth 77
C. GEOHGE KROGXESS Manager Foreign Adver
tlKfnar, Marqnette Hiilldlnpr, Chtcoso.
(Long Distance Telephone "Central 2619.")
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
MORTO\ E. CRA\E i4OC G Street, If. W.
XEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 3O Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTOS Herald Square
XEVT YORK KEW6 STANDS:
Waldorf -Aetoria Hotel; A. Brentano, 81 Union Square; '
Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-avenue Hotel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Ehermari House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Tremont HouBe; Auditorium Hotel; Palmer House.
IJH A\C "11 OFFICES— 527 Montgomery, corner cf Clay, open
until 9:30 o'clock. 300 Hvw, open until 8:30 o'clock. C33
McAllister, open until 9:80 o 1 clock. 615 Lark In. cpen until
J»:30 o'clock. 1JX1 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261
Market, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1099 Va
lencia, open until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9
o'clock. KB. corner Church and Duncan rtre«U. open
until 9 o'clock. NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky,
cpen until » o'clock. £200 Flllmore. open until 9 o'clock.
Russia and Austria, it is said, will probably occupy
Macedonia to prevent a clash between Bulgaria and
Turkey and to save the slaughter of Christians. And
we have been trying for weeks to discover how the
unspeakable Turk was .to be driven out of Europe.
Our next speculation will be to determine the revised
maps of Austria and Russia.
Then again under the charter if private individuals
or corporations own the street railroads the city will
necessarily derive a profit from them as to all new
franchises granted. If a new franchise in granted the
city must receive at least 3 per cent of the gross re
ceipts for the first five years, 4 per cent for the next
ten years and 5 per cent for the next ten years. If
the gross receipts of this road amount to $200,000 a
year the city would receive during the twenty-five
years of the franchise the sum of $210,000, or $8400 a
year. This would % be the city's profit from the
road, earned without the expenditure of a dollar or
the imposition of a dollar's taxation on the people.
In addition the city would own at the expiration of
the franchise the roadbed and fixtures on the streets
without any cost to itself or the taxpayers.
Is there a business man that would hesitate a
second between the two propositions, viz.: Borrow
$710,000, and mortgage his property to secure the
loan, to invest it in an enterprise that his expert ad
viser tells him will cost him annually $20,550 more
than his income, or, Give another man the privilege of
undertaking this enterprise, let him do the borrowing
and charge him for the privilege $18,850 a year?
And yet the Examiner urges the people to undertake
the losing venture rather than receive the certain
profit, not because of any public necessity, not to
supply any urgent public need, nor for any sensible
reason that we have yet heard.
The city would receive about $10,000 a year in
taxes from any private owner of this road. This sum
it would forfeit if it owns the road. This amount
would be added to the general taxes to make up the
required sum, as no one believes that the general
taxes would be reduced that amount. The taxpay
ers generally would have this additional amount to
pay. The same reasoning applies to the license fees
and to the sums that would have to be paid for in
juries resulting from the negligence of the employes.
A municipal corporation operating a street railroad
is to that extent acting in a private and not a public
capacity, and many courts hold it liable for such in
juries.
But apart from these figures, how about the loss of
the profits that would accrue to the city if a franchise
were granted to a private owner? The Examiner has
carefully refrained from noticing these items and yet
they are most important
THE Examiner of September 16 attacks the
estimates of the City Engineer as to the cost of
operating the Geary-Street road and character
izes them as "hasty." The fact is that the City En
gineer was several months in making these estimates,
that he is the only official upon whose estimates the
municipality can act and that he has estimated that it
will cost the city annually $20,550 in excess of its re
ceipts to operate this road, pay the interest on its
bonds and raise the sinking fund positively required
by the charter.
time, and the essayist predicts that wonderful stores
of the ore will be found there in the least expected
places. Of the probability of gold production arti
ficially he has little expectation, saying: "The
alchemist has tried for ages to imitate the process of
nature and to manufacture gold by transmutation of
baser metals. He has never succeeded, nor is there
much hope that he will. Gold is a distinct goal of a
certain process of time. It is utmost complexity per
fected into irreducible simplicity, a fruit which only
ripens on the ramified tree of the ages."
GEARY STREET ROAD.
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 21. 1903.
MANEUVERS PROVE VALUE
OF SWIFT ARMORED CRUISERS
4
The Only Thing That
Interests Everybody
NEW ADVEBTISEMENTS.
HAIR NATUBA!LLY ABTTNDANT.
"When It Is Free of IDandniff, It
Grows Luxuriantly.
Hair preparations and dandruff cures,
as a rule, are sticky or irritating affairs,
that do no earthly good. Hair when not
diseased grows naturally, luxuriantly.
Dandruff is the cause of nine-tenths of
all hair trouble, and dandruff is caused
by a germ. The only way to cure dan-
druff is to kill the germ; and so far the
only hair preparation that will positively
destroy the germ is Newbro's Herplclde
absolutely- harmless, free from grease ,
sediment, dye matter or dangerous drugs'.
It allays itching instantly; makes hair
glossy and soft as silk. "Destroy the
cause, you remove the effect." Sold by
leading druggists. Send 10c in stamps for
rumple to The Herpiclde Co.. Detroit
Mich. .
CASTOR I A
For Infants and Children.
The Kind You Have Always Bought
Bears the /^? S£&7^-JT
Signature of /•&£&£&t£
DID you ever stop to realize what it i3 in lite that really interests
you the most— outside of eating, sleeping and being merry, of
course? Is it the mock heroics, the polished gentility of a dead
and gone age, or isn't it life itself— tense, eager, pulsating life— the very
things that the other fellow does that you do yourselt? Just take note
of the following: - . . .
"The job of front-end brakeman on a mountain division is no jrreat
stake for a man ordinarily, but it was one for me just then. We knew
when we went into the superintendent's office that somebody was to get
fired; the only question was who— the train crew or the operator? Our
engine crew were out of it; it was up to the conductor and to me. Had
the operator displayed red signals? The conductor said no. I said no.
the operator said yes. but he lied. We couldn't prove it; we could only
put our word against his; and, what made it the worse for me. my con-
ductor was something of a liar himself.
"I stood beading in a cold sweat, for I could see with half an ere
it was going against us. The superintendent, an up and up railroad man
every inch and all business, but suspicious, was leaning the operator's
way the strongest kind. : .:
"There wasn't another soul in the little room as the three of us
stood before the superintendent's desk."
There's a situation which at first blush might seem ordinary enough,
but — is it? Perhaps you've been in the same fix yourself. It is not new.
but it always will be to the man who has the experience for the first
time, and oh. what awful possibilities it portends. It is a situation that
every man who works constantly stands in awe of. Can you guess how
it came out? No. But vou want to know. Of course you want to
know. That is the curiosity— sympathy— or what you will that makes
the lives of those about us— the real flesh and blood men and women we
all know — the most absorbing subject imaginable. You mav deny this
if you will, but there is not the shadow of a doubt that you will Jook
first for Frank H. Spearman's thrilling two-page narrative of "The
Trainmaster's Story" in the next Sunday Call. It is the second in this
remarkable series.
Of course you're Teading "Lees and Leaven," by E. W. Townsend.
the famous author of "Chimmie Fadden." which is nothintr short of a
ten strike even in the Sunday Call's comprehensive literary policy of giv-
ing you the best novels of the day by the very best writers in the world.
And then there are the two full pages of "Half-Hour Storiette^
the most fascinating literary craze of the hour. And there is also The
"Philanthropic Whisper." by Edwin Lefevre.
And of course you're reading Thomas- Fitch's "Recollections, and
Reflections of the Bonanza Kings Who Put a Girdle of Gold Around the
World " and the "Letters of a Self-made Merchant to His Son and the
"Oracle of Mulberry Center" and"Why Good Men Go Wrong, bv The
Parson," and the "Dainty Maid." by Colonel Kate, and "When a Bach-
elor Girl Marries," bv Madge Moore, and "Talks to Parents on the Train-
ing of Children," by William J. Sherer, A. M;, Ph.D., and "Preferential
Tariffs," by Sir Henry Seton-Karr. C. M. G.. M. P.. and "The Victories
of Peace," by George A. Maxwell, chairman of the National Irrigation As-
sociation, that has iust held its convention in Ogden, Utah, and the
"Fables for the Foolish." etc.. etc.
And have you seen the cats? Funny, aren't they? There's more of
them next Sunday. Don't miss those "Me-ows of a Kitty."Excursion.
A Wonderful Country and a Great
Mexico unites in one. the old and the new,
and the excursion to the City of Mexico No
vember 4 will reveal curious contrasts. Ves
tibuled sleepers, dining car. Interpreter, and
excursion manager, with CO days for sight
seeing. Return if you wish via the Grand
Canyon. Interesting side trips. Round trip
only $SO. All details at 613 Market st.. un
der auspices of Southern Pacific, Santa Fe
and Mexican Central. / •
nented, and created loud applause. Dr.
McTvor-Tyndall will tell of •'Clairvoyance,
What It Is and How to Cultivate It" on
next Sunday evening.
"Billy" Evans, a vaudeville artist, en
gaged at the Star Music Hall, Kearny
street, reported to the police that while
in a saloon last night his dress suit case,
containing costumes valued at $75, was
stolen. Evans had barely put the case
down by his side when he discovered that
it had been taken.
Theatrical Costumes Stolen.
Buy your watches at Lundy's, 4 Third
street and 752 Market street. •
Louis Jose, a French sailor, was creat
ing a disturbance last night in the vicinity
of Vallejo and Dupont streets when
Patrolman Bakulich was called to arrest
the man. Jose and the policeman strug
gled when the latter was endeavoring to
place him under arrest. The officer man
aged to get Jose to the telephone box, but
the prisoner, who was in a desperate
mood, drew a knife with a latse blade
and attempted to thrust It Into
Jose was overpowered and taken to the
Hall of Justice and charged with assault
with a deadly weapon.
Attempt to Stab Policeman.
A ran range is to the home as a filing cabi
net In the office. Tell your husband and buy
one from S. F. Gas and Electric Co. *
Stephen Decatur Jr. of Portsmouth, N.
H., a grandson of the famous Commodore
Perry, has passed the mental examina
tion for admission to the Naval Academy.
N. M. Taber, proprietor of the Brown
Palace Hotel of Denver, has been in this
city for several days, having- come West
to join his wife, who has been visiting her
sl3ter-in-law, Mrs. Harry Gray.
Franklin E. Brooks of Colorado Springs,
who was elected Congressman at Large
from Colorado at the last election, arrived
yesterday from Ogden, wh«»f e I e was at
tending the Irrigation Congress, and is
registered at the Palace.
William J. Leahy, assistant general pas
senger agent of the Chicago. Rock Island
and Pacific, whose office Is in Chicago,
Is visiting in this city. Mr. Leahy is one
of the most popular and most skillful
railroad men in the country.
Frank Cumminss, chief clerk of the
Hotel Aneelus of Los Angeles, who was
formerly connected with the Palace of
this city, arrived from the south yester
day with his wife and son and is a guest
at the latter hotel. He ha« come north
for a vacation and will remain here for a
week.
Dr. Grace C. Gage of Chicago, a physician
and literary woman who has bein visiting
the Orient, arrived on the steamship City
of Peking yesterday and Is staying at the
Palace.
Leang Hsun, an attache of the Chinese
Legation at Washington, who is destined
for service In Mexico, and the members
of his family arrived from Peking yester
day.
John C. Hately, a .wealthy resident of
Chicago, and his family, who have been
spending the summer in California, are
at the Palace.
R. B. Burns, chief engineer of the Santa
Fe Company's western system, arrived
from Los Angeles yesterday and is at the
Palace.
Dr. S. C. Hocker of Philadelphia and
family are at the Palace. They returned
yesterday from a tour of Japan and
China.
E. M. Carr, who is connected with the
powder works at Pinole, ts among the
latest arrivals at the Lick.
Dr. William L. Hood of Sonora Is at the
Lick.
Dr. J. Bardach of Austria is at the
Grand.
N. L. McKlnley, a mining man of So
nora. is at thc Lick.
R. M. Green, one of Oroville's leading
citizens, is at the Lick.
L. W. Blinn, a lumberman of Los An
geles, is at the Palace.
George D. Rose, a mining man Of Tu
olumne, is at the Palace.
H. Flolsheim, a clothing- manufacturer
of Chicago, is at the Palace.
Dr. W. M. S. Beale, a prominent sur
geon of Stockton, is at the Palace.
Former Superior Judge Robert F. Variel
and wife of Los Angeles are at the Palace.
T. Evans, auditor for the Green Copper
Company's- railroad, in Mexico, Is at the
Palace.
PERSONAL MENTION.
I>r. Mclvor-Tyndall's lecture on "Hyp
notism: Good and .Bad," attracted a large
audience to Stelnway Hall last evening.
He pointed out the difference between
suggestion and hypnotism and cited In
stances to prove the truth of his theories.
Personal magnetism, cures by faith, sug
gestion and hypnotic treatment were ex
plained and the methods of inducing the
hypnotized condition illustrated. Dr. Mc-
Ivor-Tyndall does not agree with the ma
jority of those who either know, or af
fect to know, the possibilities of hypnotic
suggestion. He claims that a person may
be hypnotized against his will, and that
fie' may also be induced to commit an act
hat he would not commit In his normal
state. He spoke briefly of the famous
Bompard . case. In .which the Bompard
woman claims that she was hypnotized to
commit the crime for which Eyraud was
executed. Dr. Mclvor-Tyndall said last
night that Buch a thing was possible, al
though he was not prepared to say that
it was true In the case of this woman. The
lecture was listened to with evident at
tention. The experiments in psychic power
that followed were particularly well pre-
Tyndall's Lecture.
An entirely new vaudeville bill has b*en
arranged for the.cominir week at The
Chutes Theater, beginning with to-night's
performance.
"After Dark" is on the bill at the Cen
tral Theater all this week, beginning this
evening.
"The Glad Hand" and "The Con-curers"
is still the attraction at Fischer's Theater
and will bo continued all this week, be
ginning to-night.
"Carmen" will be sung at the Tivoli
Opera House to-night, Wednesday, Fri
day and Saturday nights and "La Travi
ata" is the attraction for Tuesday, Thurs
day and Sunday nights.
"The Adventures of I^ady Ursula" Is the
attraction offered at the .ilcazar Theater
for to-night. Tuesday, Wednesday and
Saturday nights. "Gloconda" will be
given on Thursday and Friday nights.
The Pollard Opera Company will appear
in "Paul Jones" to-night and Tuesday;
"Dorothy" will be rendered on Tuesday
and Wednesday nights and "The Belle of
New York" on Thursday, Friday and
Saturday nights.
"The Prince of Pilsen" will be presented
at the Columbia Theater during the com
ing week, commencing to-night.
The Orpheum show affords amusement
of a high' order this week. The usually
large crowd attended both afternoon and
evening performances yesterday and went
away to tell their friends about it. Four
new numbers are on the programme, and
the holdover acts are the ones that won
tho highest favors last week.
Of the new acts Falke and Semon, pre
mier musical comedians, excel. Both are
tiptop artists and make music from a
unique conglomeration of instruments.
They are masters of what they under
take, and at the end of each selection
were heartily encored. As well as being
musicians, they are comedians, and their
eccentricity lends color to the act.
Woods and Ray in "a funny bunch of
nonsense" do clever work and established
their popularity before they had been on
the stage very long. Their burlesque turns
are good and bring out many laughs.
Charles Ernest in "songs and sayings"
makes a hit with the audience, and his
wit is all original. He has a good voice,
which serves him well in the role of a
black face comedian. Mario and Aldo do
marvelous tricks on horizontal bars. They
are the best in their line that have been
on the bills for some weeks past. Frederic
Bond and company have changed their
act and produce a no%-el burletta, "Re
hearsing a Tragedy." Bond appears as
the stage manager. Miss Benton as a so
ciety debutante, Arthur Buchanan as a
society man and Miss Tassin as the thea
ter scrub lady. The act is true to life be
hind the scenes of the stage manager's
troubles and the "stage-struck" girl's
aspirations.
Princess Losoros. the East Indian prima
donna soprano, scores another success,
and her appearance before the footlights
was a signal for a burst of applause. The
Princess appears in new songs, all of
which she renders with the same dainti
ness and sweetness of voice as charac
terized her selections last ¦week. James
Richmond Glenroy, the "man with the
green gloves," who can make fur out of
anything, seems to grow more comical at
each performance. E. Rousby's spectacu
lar novelty "In Paris" continues to at
tract interest. It is certainly the finest
thing of its kind the Orpheum has ever
produced and would be a star attraction
for weeks to come. Arnesen opens the
show in wonderful balancing- and gym
nastic work.
Miss Mabel Hite, who appears in the
first act in the guise of an accentuated
Sis Hopkins, is not allowed to display her
charms until within a few minutes of the
fall of the last curtain. But as a bottled
Washoe zephyr she can teach something
to the craziest soubrette on the Orpheum
circuit. Miss May Boley makes a very
successful director of chaperons. Her
eye can express a great many significant
things. As the singer of the piece Miss
Genevieve Day acquits herself more than
creditably.
But L.adell Is only a part' of a very
clever show. "The Chaperons" is one of
those tVpical New York musical farces
which mounts to the head like a cham
pagne punch and makes you laugh im
moderately. It is all gags and frou-frou
with some music The gags are new; the
frou-frou appears so under the calcium,
and the music will probably be sold upon
the street corners next week.
It is really a very honest show which
Mr. Thall offers at the California. Unlike
so many of the musical comedies "direct
from 100 nights in New York." "The Chap
erons" offers to a San Francisco audi
ence a full chorus, not one pruned to cut
down the expenses of the Western trip;
the gowns do not show any resin dust,
and the show girls are not levied from
local academies of dancing.
According to the latest conception of
what a popular musical comedy should
be, the production at the California is
not without its eight very statuesque and
very stunningly gowned young ladles,
whose duty it is to twirl their skirts
about them and look attractive. Besides
these there are some good dancers and
a couple of fair voices. They are all
pretty and very much of New York.
For those who find pleasure in seeing a
man slide from center stage to left exit
upon his ear, the California this week of
fers an attraction. Not only does the
diminutive Harry Ladell run slivers into
his left ear lobe for the amusement of
the audience, but he pirouettes upon his
head in spirals and squats like the lion
slaying baboon, and his face looks like a
cartoon in a German comic paper. He is
immense.
Officers and trustees— Eli Gordon, presi
dent; S. Glaser, vice president; L. Baer,
secretary: 8. Altfleld, treasurer; J. Da
vis. J. Simon, S. Axelrod, A. D. Zinna
mon, H. Kramer, N. M. Nebron.
Building committee— J. Simon, chair
man; I. Bear, secretary; S. Altficld, S.
Axelrod, A. D. Zinnamon, S. Schloss, J.
Davis, A. Shenson, Eli Gordon, S. Glaser.
Reception committee— E. Leopold, chair
man; S. Axelrod. S. Altfield, J. Simon, A.
L. Friedman. Eli Gordon, I. Baer, S.
Schloss, A. D. Zinnamon. I. Novinsky, S.
Glaser. 2. Davis. A. Shenson.
The beautiful altar of the new syna
gogue where the ceremonials took place
Is in itself a thing of rare magnificence.
With white satin altar cloths embroidered
Jn gold thread and the heavy beaten brass
candelabra flanking the central tapestry,
the general effect of the sanctuary is one
of elaborate ornateness. Before this
shrine all the rabbis of the city were
yesterday assembled to chant the an
cient psalms of David in the forgotten
tongue of the ancient Israelites.
The ritual opened with a procession of
the rabbis and the members of the build
ing committee, bearing the holy scrolls.
Solemnly chanting in Hebrew the assem
blage moved down the center aisle to the
pulpit. There, after the intonation of
more psalms, Eli Gordon, president of the
congregation, lit the perpetual lamp, re
citing meanwhile an appropriate text
from Genesis.
After closing the sacred ark of God, J.
Simon, chairman of the building commit
tee, handed the key to President Gordon
and the ceremonial was complete. Rabbi
Jacob Voorsanger, Rabbi Isidore Myers
end Rabbi J. Nieto delivered addresses.
The following are the officers, trustees
and committees of the congregation:
With all of the ceremonial of the ortho
dox Jewish religion, the new synagogue
of the Congregation Keneseth Israel on
Russ street, near Folsom. was conse
crated to the use of God yesterday after
noon. Good singing and a ritual which
was impressive by its solemn symbolism
marked the occasion in a manner befit
ting the establishment of a new house of
worship.
The afternoon was given up to a musi
cal and vocal programme, participated in
by Miss Alice Van Reynegom, Miss A.
Oliver, Mrs. C. B. Fenn, Miss Grace St.
John, Miss Evelyn Sresovich, Miss Clara
Baker, Mrs. Carl Sommer and Miss Marie
Giorgiana, organist of St. Mary's Church
and under whose direction ttv> programme
was given.
Among the toasts proposed were the
following: "Sister Superior." by Miss
Josephine T. Molloy; "Sister Xavier," by
Mrs. Garret McEnerney; "Alma Mater,"
Miss Reglna Cleary; "Our Teachers." by
Mrs. C. B. Fenn; "To the Sisters," by
Miss Margaret Donnelly. Songs and
poems were given at the banquet by Miss
Annie Oliver and Miss Evelyn Sresovich.
Sister Superior Julia Therese was vis
ibly affected when she was presented with
a check for a substantial sum of money
by President Mrs. K. M. Lawler on be
half of the alumnae. The Sister Supe
rior thanked her former pupils for their
kindness and said she would ever cherish
the thoughts of friendship extended to
her by the alumnae.
Sister Xavier, one of the oldest teachers
in the college and from whom all the
alumnae had imbibed knowledge, was the
recipient of many floral gifts and she was
overwhelmed with congratulations by her
former scholars.
It was also decided to form a choral
society in connection with the Alumnae
Association and the requiem service for
deceased members was fixed to take place
in November next in the college chapel.
The business session was followed by
an elaborate banquet, served in the con
vent refectory, the Sister Superior and
her associates being present.
Mrs. Kate M. Lawler, president; Miss
Josephine O'Nell, first vice president;
Miss Reglna Cleary, second vice presi
dent: Dr. Kate Brady, third vice presi
dent: Sifter Mary Xavier, treasurer; Miss
Marie Geary, secretary; Miss Margaret
New, financial secretary; Mrs. C. B. Fenn,
Miss Sallie Keenan, Mrs Zoe Radcliffe,
Miss Genevleve McGovern, Miss Agnes
Mahony. Mrs. Garret McEnerney, Mi33
Josephine T. Molloy, Miss Annie Devlin,
Miss Evelyn .Sresovich, Mrs. Mary Crow
ley and Mrs. Mary McCarthy, directors.
Sister Superior Julia Therese of Notre
Dame College was unanimously elected
as honorary president and adviser to the
association.
The day's celebration opened with a busi
ness meeting in the morning and letters
of congratulation were read from the Sis
ter Superiors of the various colleges of
the Notre Dame throughout the State.
The principal work of the business ses
sion was the election of officers for the
ensuing year, those elected being as fol
lows:
other members.
The Alumnae Association of Notre
Dame College held Its first anniversary
celebration at the college at Dolores antl
Sixteenth streets all day yesterday.
One hundred and ten of the alumnae
were present at the celebration and num
erous letters of regret were received from
New Programme at Orpheum
Finds Ready Acceptance
by Audience.
Rabbis Solemnize With Im
pressive Ceremony Open
ing of God's House.
Sister Superior of Convent
and Associates Are
Honored.
Former Pupils of Notre
Dame College Re
unite.
Members of Congrega
tion Keneseth Israel
Celebrate.
Comedian Slides on His
Ear With Great
. Success.
JOY UNALLOYED
AT CALIFORNIA
ALUMNAE MEET
AND CELEBRATE
THEY DEDICATE
NEW SYNAGOGUE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 21, 1903.
5
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AHTJSEMENTS.
ClAUrfORNTAl
f j TK.E1IEN-DOUS HIT iS^,'
1 EMPHATIC II I 1 . lj/ Ul
BEET COMEDT OPERA IK TEARS..
leafier Witmarafa !
The
Chaperons...
POWERFUL ALL-FTAR KEW TORK
CAST. f
r>ON"T MTSS THE GREAT SONG HITtl
"TALK. TALK- TALK."
"WE'RE ALL GOOD PTLLOWS."
••LO\*E IN A PALACE.' 1
"MY SAMBO."
"BILLY WAS GOOD TO ME."
50— SINGING PEOPLE— 50
OKE WEEK ONLY— MAT. SATURDAY.
S-r=S Next — Hoyt's "A TEXAS J not
T 1| STEER." j r
SHEATRUl
FaJke and Sczaoa; Charles Ernest;
Mario and Aldo; "Wood and Hay;
Frederic Bond and Company;
Arnesen; James Bichmond Glen-
roy; Princess losoros and E^
Boubsy's
Latest Spectacular Novelty,
"I1N PARIS"
An Electrical RerleTr In Four Tabl»aux.
R*?erved Peals. C3c; Balcony, 10c; Box 8e&ts<
and Opera Chair*. 50c.
Bestr.Tilng TO-NIGHT.
Every Ntsfct. Including Sunday.
MATHTEES WEDNESDAY and SATURDAY^
Henry W. F&vae* announces
The Trtumrhar.t Musical Comedy
PRINCE
PILSBN
By Plxley and Luder*. Authors of "K3ns
Dodo."
Great Metropolitan Caat!
K&gnlnceat Production!
Inr.iunerable 80117 HitaX
TIVOU8558.
TO-BXQET
And* on 'Wedneaday. Friday and Saturday I
Niphts.
Blret's Ever Popular Opera,
"CARMEN."
CLOE MAUCHESINI. ESJANTELE ISCHTER--
1>O. GIUSEPPE ZAXIN'I.
Ttmflay, Thursday anil Paalay ETeRinge,
Saturday Matinee.
Verdi's Lyric Version of "Catnllle."
<*LA TRAVIATA."
TINA DE RPADA, GIT'EEPPE AGOSTTNI ',
ADAMO GREGORETTI.
TRICES ALWAYS THE SAME— 25c. 60c. 75c
Telephone EuEh 9.
— . . .. j
" ._ r-JJ ,
Props.
MarkPt et.. near Eirbth. Phone South 5oU. \
TO-NIGHT— ALI. THIS WEEK.
FATURDAY AND SUNDAY MATINEES.
Uoudcaulfa Femous Melodrama,
AFTER DARK.!
jmm T-*m tr^ The IUv»r of Real T\'a.ter!
CPP The Plur.ge for a Life!
BH *M The Underground Railway!
U The Llrfctning Express Train!
±J r JU.J Dicey Mnrrif' Dancehall'.
Great Si^ciaJties!
nnirrc etvenkcgs 10c to boc
TK1WE3 MATINEES 10c. 15c. 25c
Monday. Eeptercber 2S. Opening of L. R.
FTOCKWELL Enpageir.ent la Hoyt's "A Tem-
rxrance Touts."
A IM r^ opera !
UATTHTE SATURDAY AZTD SUNDAY. \
Every lody and child presenled with a j
rouveetr flirtare of a popular Lilliputian at J
Faturday Matinee.
Last Six Hlsrhts
POLLARD LILLIPUTIAN OPERA CO.
LAST XTZOKT
PAUL JONES
To-ISorrow aad "Wednesday ZTig-hts
Alfred CelJier's I^ftty Tastrral Comic Opera,
....^" DOROTHY ".-—
Thursvlay and Friday Nights and Faturday
ma-tlnee. H. M. H. PINAFORE: Saturday
>'l«rht, THE BEIJ-E OF NEW TORK.
Next Sonday Matinee. James Nelll ia "A
Ontleman of France."
PRICES— Evenings. 15c. CSc.. 50c., 75c.
ITs-tlnee*. ir»c. 25c. 60c.
, 1
a Y «O A n A "O 15 *'"™ * Mayer, i
ALCAZAR E pr D> ££
Gen. Manager. |
UNPRECEDENTED SUCCESS OF
FLORENCE ROBERTS
Appearing Tc-nlKlit. Tuesday, WednetsiJay. Fat- '
urday and Sunday Evnir.gs and Saturday
Matinee in •
The Adventure of
Lady Ursula,
THt.'RS. MAT. ar.d THURS. and FP.I. EVGS.
D'ANNUNZIO'S GIOCONDA.
Evenings. 25c to Tic; Sat. Slat.. 15c to COc.
Night Price* at Gioconda Matinee.
Next Monday— MISS ROBERTS In ZAZA.
Th* Last Two Weeks 0? the Fanny Burlesques
"The Gladjiand"
"The Con-curers"
Our "Ali Star" Cast, Including:
KOLB AND DILL.
BARNEY BERNARD.
VTINFIELD BLAKE,
II ARK Y HBBMWW.
MAUDE AMBER.
HLEANOR JENKINS.
RESERVED FEATS— Nigrhts, 25c, 50c and
75,*: Saturday and Sur.day Matinees, 25c and
50e; Childrrn at Matinw. 10c and 25c.
BPECIAL ....
.-•.'.• s tow on rale for tne Great Musical Suc-
«•»«. "THE I ARADERS."
JOHN lE~CLAIR
The Artistic Comedy Juggler, and a
GREAT SHOW EVERY AFTERNOON AND
EVENING IN THE THEATER.
Inspect "CABARET DE LA MORT."
VISIT THE 'MYSTIC MIRROR MAZE."
LION SLAYINQ BABOON
IN THE ZOO!
ADMISSION, IOc: CHILDREN. Be
When Phoning Ask t» "The Chute*."
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO. ]
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
EATLWAT COatTAVT.
Tiburon Perry, Foot of Market St.
BAZT FEA1TCI3CO TO SA2I RA7AX1V,
WEEK'DAYS — 7:30, 8:00, 0:00. 11:00 a. m.;
12:35. 2:30, 3:40. 5:10, 5:50. 6:30 and 11:30
p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:30. 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30,
2:30. 3:40. 6:10. 6:30. 11:30 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO BAR TRAIT CIS CO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:05. 6:50, 7:35. 7:50. 0:10.
11:15 a. m.; 12:50, »2:00, 3:40. 5:00. 5:20,
6:25 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:45 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:50. 7:35. 9:20. 11:15 a. m.; 1:43.
3:40, 4:50. 5:00. 5:20. 6:10, «:2S p. m.
•Except Saturdays.
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San FrancUco. I May 3. 1003. (San Franclaco.
Week I Sun- I Deatlna- I Sun- I Week
Days. [ daya. [ tion. | day*. | Daya.
'7:30a 7:45a 7:45s
7:30a 8:00a 8:40a 8:40a
8:00a 9:30a Ignaclo. 10:20a 10:20 a
2:30 p 2:30 p fl:00p 6:20 p
6:10 p 5:10p 6:20 pi 7:25 p
. 7:25 p|
7:30a 7:30a I 7:45 a 7:45 a
8:00 a 8:00 a Novato. |l0:20 a 10:20 a
2:30 p 9 30 a Petaluma, |6:20p 6:20 p
6:10p 2:30p and I 7:25 p 7:23p
5:10 p Santa P.oaa. | (
7:30a 7:30a 10:20 a!10:20 s
8:0Oa 8:OOa F*ulton. 7:25 pi 6:20 p
2:30 p 2:30 p | 7:25 p
Windsor, (
7:30 a 7:30 a Heald«bunr. 10:20 a 10:20 a
Lytton.
2:30 p 2:30 p Geyservllle. 7:23 p 7:23 p
Cloverdale.
7:30 a 7:30 al Hopland 110:20 a!10:20 a
2:30 p 2:30 pi tnd Uklah. [ 7 :23 p|_Jjg5 p
7:30 a| 7:30 a| Wllllf. \~j-n p| 7:2:Tp
8:00 a! 8:00 a; Camp Vacation. !1O:2O a'10:2O a
2:30 p] g:3Vp| Uuernevllle. | 7:25 p| «:20 p
8:00 a 8:00 aj Sonoma. 8:40~alTT40"a
6:10p 5:10 pi Glen Kli^n. C:0Opi6:20p
7:30 a! 7:30a| 110:20 a 10:20 a
2:a0pi2:30p] Sebastopol. | 7:25 pj 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Green Brie for San
Quentlr.; at Santa Ro;a for White Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton for Altruria and Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
servllle for Skasp* Springs: at Cloverdale for
; the Gpysers. Booneville and Greenwood: at
Hopland for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs.
Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay. Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Porno,
Potter Valley. John Day's, Riverside. Llerly's.
Bucknell's. Sanhedrln Heights. Hullvllle, Orr**
Hot Spring* Halfway House Comptche Camp
Stevens. Hopkins. Mendoclno City, Fort Bragg:
Westport, L>al: at Wtlllta for Fort Bragg!
Westport. Sherwood. Cahto, Covello. Layton-
vllle, Cumming*. Bell's Springs, Harris. 01-
*en's. Dyer, Garberrltle, Pepperwood. Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sunday — Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half-rates.
Ticket office. C50 Market street. Chronicle
bulldlnr-
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN,
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
CALIFORNIA
LIMITED TO CHICAGO
Imtm Mond»y» ud Tfcmday* a* * 90 a.m.
Tbrongh In I day* witb Dtnon aad *U tnpptag*.
Oor other tnla* go tt
7:30*" ) for Stockton, Fresno.
1:30m > Bakersfield, Merced.
B:0OPH ) Hanford. Vlaalla. f
4:0Opm for Stocktoat.
l:NPli for Kansas City and Calcaro.
Office, 641 Market St. aad la Ferry
t Depot: 1112 Broadway. Oaklaad.
¦TO SAN RAFAEL,
SAN QUENTIN,
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, ETC.
via Sausalito Ferry
t»7:45, 8:45. »:4fl. ll a. ™- "i^O- 313 «
4:15. 15:15, •«:15. «:45. 9. 11:45 p. m.
7:45 ,_ m. train, week daya doea not run to
M SUNDAY8 AND LEOAL HOUDATS-7.
2:33^•3:60. 5. < t:30. 9. 11:45 p m.
Train* marked <•) run to San Qtientia.
Tho»e marked (t) to Fairfax, except 5:15 p. m..
Saturdays. On Saturday* the 3:15 p. m. train
! SA?" ATAEI- TO SXX FRANCISCO
-^"ek flays— B:25. 16:25. 7:40. 8:15. »:S3.
lllol a. m. 12:30. Sift 13:45. 4:50. 8:30, 8:43.
10 SUNDA?*S— 6:15. 7:35. *3:10. 0:40. tlO:C5.
Ill « a. nx.. 12:50. 2:30. »:25. 4:40. J5:80.
6:55. 7:S5. 1O:2O p. m.
Trains marked <t) start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO . SAN FRAN-
CISCO— Week days— 5:45, 6:40. 7:45. 8:25.
0:45, 11:10 a. m.. 12:40. 2:45. 4:15. 5:10. 7:00.
10:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— fl:S5. 7:65. 10. 11:^0 s. m.. 18:08
1:06. 2:40. S:45 t 4:55. 6:05. 7:10, 10MO p. m.
I THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a. m.. week days — Cazad«ro and way
stations.
, 6:15 p. m.. week days (Saturdays fxcepted)—
Tomales.an<l war stations.
3:15 p. m., Saturdays — Cazadero and way
stations.
Sundays and Legal Holidays — 8 a. m.. Caxa-
dero and way stations.
Sundays and Legal Holiday! — 10 a. m.. Point
R«ye« and way stations.
TICKET OFFICE— 626 Market tt-
JTERRT — Foot of Market St.
IERCES
FAVORITE
SCWPTION
B WEAK WOMEN.
RAILWAY TEAVBL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Qlala Line, Foot cf Marfcet Street )
X.B4TZ — FBOM S«TT«M»KB 2. 1903- — AKBITM
7.00a Beatda, Snlian, Elmlr* and 8«cr«-
aaento Z-?5'
7.00a VmcarUle. Winter*. Rura»eT. 7-25*
7 JO* Marttaea. San Bamon, Vallejo.
Nap*. Callitog*, Santa Ro«*. 625p
7 J0a Kile*. LUermore. Lathrop. Stock-
ton 7.Z5P
1.00a D»Ti3,Word!«r.d. Knisrhu Lun-iin*.
Mary«Tll'.e. OrorUle. (connect*
at Maryrrtm for Grldley, Blggl
andChlco) -Z55'
1.00a Atlantic Expre«»—Og<!rn and Eaat. 10.4.5a
1.00a Port Co«ta. Martlae*. Antloch, By-
ron,Tracy.6tockton.Sacraniento,
Lo* Bano*. Mendota, llaafor.l.
VUalla, Porterrllle 4.25*
$00*. Fort Coata. Marttnei. Tracy. L«h-
rop. Modeato, Merced. Frerno,
Qoeben Junction. Haafurd, VI- ,
•alia, Bakerafield 52Si»
8.30a Shana Kinre**— D*t1*. William*
(for Bartlett Springs). Willow*.
trroto, Ked BlnS. Portland 7.55»
•40a Ullej. San Joae. LlTennore. Stoek-
tno. I«ne. Sacramento. F lacerr tile,
Marynrllle. Cnleo. lied Bluff 425»
I 30* Oakdale. Cn!ne»e. JamMtowa. 8o>
nor*. Tuolainae aad Angel* J ?-
f.MA Martinet and Way Stations • 55*
10.00a VaJleJ»_ ••- 12.2S*
10.00a El Paao P»aaenir«r. Eastbonnd.—
Port Co«ta. Martinet. Byron,
Tracy. Latbrop, Stockton,
Mvrced. Raymond. Fretao. Haa-
fcnL VUalla, Bakertneld. Loa
Auceiei and El Pa*o. (Wf»V
bound arnres via Coaat Line)... «1.3ur
10 00a TD" Orerland Limited — Ogden,
Dearer. Omatak Chicago. • 25r
12 00* Hayward. Nile* and Way Station*. 3-25*
t14X)F Baeramento RtTer Steamer*. tli.OOy
IJUtr Benlcl*. Winter*. 8aer*mento,
Woodland. William*. Colu»a. Wil-
low*. Knltchti Landing. Mary*-
TlHe. OroTllle and way atatlona.. 10 .55*
33Or Hayward. NUe» and Way 8t*tion*.. 7 65f
4 OOr Martlaf I.San Kainoa,ValleJo.Kapa.
CaJUtot*. Ssnu Rosa ,?s2*
AOOr Martinet. Tracy.Lathrop.StocStton. 10 25a
4 OOr Nile*, LlTermore. Stockton, Lodl.. 4.25*
4-30* Hayward. Nile*. Irrlngton. Saa I t8.55A
Joae. LlTennore I X11.55a
BCOr The Owl Limited— Fretno.Tnlar*.
Bakerifleld. Lo* Angele* • 35a
BJBOt Port Co*ta, Tracy. Stockwn. Lm
Baao* 122Sf
t83OT Htyward. KIIm and San Jo*« 7.2sa
e.OOf Hayward. Kile* and 6aaJoM 10.25a
8. OOr Oriental M«ll— O#d«n. Denrer.
Omaa*. t»t. Louts. Chicago and
Eaat. Port Corta. Benlcla, 8ul-
tan, Elmlra, DaTia, BacraiaraUk
Bocklla. Aabu-n. Colfix.
Trackee, Boca. H*ao, Wad*
worth. Winnemitcca, Battla
Muuntaln. Elko 42Sf
».. Eeao. Truckee. Sacrasiento, Darls.
Suiinn. Benlcla, Port Costa 7-53a
IJ&Qt VaUeJo, dally, except Sunday.... > ;cc,
7.00T Vallelo, Sunday only I
7J0QT Saa Pablo, Port Costs. Martlaei
and Way Station*. 11.23a
8-CSf Oregon * California Expr««*— Sao-
ramento. MarysTlllo. Redding.
Portland, Pnget Soacd and Bast. 3-55 A
8.10* Haywart. Nile* aad San Jose (Soa-
dayonly) 11.55*
11.25r rort Co«t«, Tracy, Latbrop, Mo-
*"e»to, Merced. Raymond (to To-
aemUc). Fre*no, Hanford. VI- „,.__
aalla. B«tcr»nrld 12.2S>_
COAST LI N E_ («arr»w «aag«).
(Foot of Market Street.)
745a Saau Crui Kxcunlon <3«a<Uy
only) »-1B>
«.1Ba Newark. Ceaterritle. Saa Jow.
Felton. Bonlaer Creek. Basts
Crux and "Way Station* • 25*
t2.15r Newark. Centerrllle. Bas Joae,
Vew Alntdea.Los Gatos.Felton,
Boalder Creek, Banta Crui and
Principal Way Station* 10-S5*
41 Br Newark. Saa Jose. Lo* Oato* aad
way atattona (oa Saturday aad
Sunday run* through to 9ants
Cm*; Monday only from Basts
Crux). Connect* *t Felton to
•ad from Boulder Creek laaa »
HARBOR FERRY.
FTOtn SAN FitA^ CISCO. Foot of Market St. (Slip J)
— n--15 t:00 lltflO a.m. 100 300 6.15 r.«
From OAKLAND. Foot of Broadway — 1«:» »:*»
1«:« lthOO a.m. 1200 200 4 00 r.M.
COAST LINE <Bre*d «*.«•).
tr {Third and Towmend Btreet*.)
' 1.10a 8sn Joae aid Way Station* iJto
tZ-OOa 8*a Joae and Way StaUo** 5 38?
7.16a Monterey and 8anta> Cruj Excor-
alon (Saaday only) ... tJOr
¦40a New Almaden (Tue«.. Frill., only). 4-tftr
••00a Co**tUne Ural ted— Stop* only Saa
Jo*e, Cllroy (connection for Hot-
lister). Pajaro. CMtroTllle. Sa-
Itaa*. Saa Ardo. Paao Boblea.
8aaUMargarlta.8an Lula Obispo.
Ouadalape. Sarf (connection for
Lompoc). Boats Barbara, 8boxu*
cad Lo* Aagelea. Coaaectloa al
CMtroTlTle to and from Monterey
tnd Pacific QroTe 10-45*
t.00* Baa Jote, Tre* rtnot, Capitols
8an u Cr ax.Paclflc GroTf . Sailaaa,
Baa Lota Oblapo aad Principal
Intermediate Station* 4.10*
ft 40a Baa Joa« aad Way Station*. 1.20r
11.00a Cemetery PMtenger— Souta 8aa
FrancUco, Saa Brnno 1.08*
11 JOi laata CUra, Saa Jo»e. Lo* Oatot „
aad Way Station* 7.33c
«1 -30r San Joae and Way Button* ... .... x 7 00i»
2-Q0r Baa Jo*« aad Way Station* 19.40a
2.3OT Cemetery paaaenser — Santa Saa
Franelico, 6an Bruno 4.33P
t345Or Del Monte Rxpreis— Santa Clan.
£*a Joe*. Del Monte. Monterey.
Paclfle QroTe (connects at Saau
Clara for Baata Croz. Boulder
Creok aad Narrow G*nge Polnta) I12-1S*
M0» ractac Orvre and Way Station*—
BsrUagame,Saa M«te«.Bed wood.
Mealo Park. Palo Alto. Mayfleld.
MonnUta Tie w. Lawrence. Sanu
Clara, Sao Joee, <GUroy. Holllt-
ter. Tre* Plnoi), Pajaro. Wat*eu-
Tllle. Capltola. Santa Crux. Caa-
trortne. Bsllnaa 13 43*
4-30* 8aa Joae aad Way Station* 8-3S*
oXOt San Joee. (t1« Baats Clara) Lo*
Oatot, Wrlgfetaad Principal Way
6totion* (eieept Saaday) 9 00a
I5-30T Bin Jo«e and Principal Way Stttloni tS-COA
t*.18r 8anMateo.BeresfoTd.Behaoat.8aa
Carlo*. Redwood. Fair Oaka.
Menlo Park. Palo Alto t«.45v
f.30r 8«n Jmc and Way St»tloa». 638*
4i0r Bun**t Limited. Ea»tbooad.— Saa
Lnl* Obiipe. Sanu Barbara, Loa
Angele*, I>f mint. El Ptto. New
Orleam. New York. (Westboaad
*niTe*Tla6an JoaqnlnValhsy)... vt 23*
¦.00' Palo Alto aad Way Stst-'oo* 1013a
t1.30r3outa Ban Francisco. M (librae.
Buriiagame. Saa Mateo. Bel-
roont, Saa Carlo*. Redwood, Mig .
Fatr Oak*. Menlo Park. Palo I21?»
Alto, Mayfleld. Mountain View. ** w
Sannyraje. Lawreace. Santa
Clara and Baa Joae..... J
' A for Morntsg. T for Afternoon. """
X Saturday »od Bcnday oaly. 1 Sunday only.
I Eton* at all staUoa* on Eaaday.
t Sunday excepted. a 6ataraay only.
t \ la Co**t Line. v Via ban Joaquln V»::sy.
» Reno trala eaitbonad d'tcontlaued.
fir Only tralaa atopplag at Valeaela St. *oatbboua4
%»e*:10A.i«_n:0l'A.««lla«A.it..2:;»r.it. and*:30r.«.
*
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Lam Da taaalit* Haj~ Arrrvw
S— iFrsn. IbflMjriMta. S«a Frsa.
Week I S«i~ *TM__ S» |W*S*T
D*T». day* £€$$$&. ?*?•.
»*45a 8:00a faJSsSSSSa 1*:OOm*:1^
l:45r »:OOa \W*SBWiCT lt-.SOr S:3Qp
•ilirlOtOOA \§^^S7 Sl3l >r 3;SO»
!ZZZZ l:3Or \MBB^ »-¦*»¦
j S:3Ar{ \&r »:0O? .
htgfcyi suy. mw ftrga T 9t30r,trrtnlt. 1i>30t
BCtir |«M Maiut St_ (North Soon KailcaaHj
tfTSa |«xt*lSAOSAurp PcxmT. Foot llaxkat St.
Ladies' Tailor= Made Hats
The great number of ladies' tailor-made hats which we are sell-
ing shows that thc women appreciate buying when they can save
twenty-five per cent on their purchases. Our prices are fully a
fourth less than those asked by exclusive milliners for poods of 5
the same quality.
Description cannot do our hats justice — you must see them
and try them on. The solid colors are white, tan, blue, black,
brown and dark shades of gray. They also come trimmed in
brown and tan. {tray and white, blue and white, black and white.
There are eighteen different styles to choose from, and each is
stylish and becoming. Tho prices are
*px*»O\J *P*j*\J\J *$)O»O\J
Out-oMown orders filled— wrrte us.
740 Market Street '
¦
Special Excursions to the East
With Stops at Salt Lake City and Denver.
If you want to Bee the sights going East remember that the Burlington Route has arranged 'fbr
special parties to leave Oakland Pier every Friday evening. They will travel in Pulhnan tourist
Bleeping cars via Salt Lake City and the Denver & Bio Grande Railway to Denver, and the Burling-
ton Route to Omaha, Chicago and Boston. Stops for sight-seeing will be made at Salt Lake City aad
Denver. The stop at Salt Lake City will be sufficient to see all of the many interesting sights. $
If you want to "see the country" on your way East^ this is the excursion to join. It is personally*con- |*
ducted, being in charge of one of the Burlington's most experienced men. He has made the overland
journey a score of times or more, is familiar with all the points of interest along the line and is qualified
to give passengers a great deal of useful and reliable information, besides being of great assistance
in other ways. Ladies traveling alone or with children will especially appreciate this feature.
Burlington Route personally conducted parties for the East also leave San Francisco every Tuesday and
Thursday going through in a Tourist Sleeper, personally conducted, by way of Sfcdt Lake City and Colorado>
and without stops, so if you are in a big hurry, start on one of these days.
All these parties go through Colorado by daylight, affording a splendid view of the incomparablygrand
Rocky Mountain scenery.
Let me tell you more about these parties and how much money you can save by joining one of them.
frammfil COUPON. - *" cut this out.
IrfnmiTOfiTli! W - D - SANBORN, Genera! Agent Burlington Route,
I Lii lili I UHAUiII 1 63 ' Market 8treet^ SAN FRANCISCO.
|g§igTpw|1^Qra| Please send me complete information about your personally
fliliJlUfllliiiilli conducted tourist car parties to eastern cities.
I want to go to
The greatest Exposition that the world has ever
seen, will be held at St Louis in 1904. Name
8M Address
I ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Onfi j^^^ McBurn83fS
/ KIDNEY
Bottle^ *§§' a * d
n BUDDER
uiirGS&L Jt^ cure
Tart pains In the hack, Erlg-ht's dis-
ease, incontinence of urine, brick
dust deposit, bed-wetting; gravel,
dropsy, diabetes, rheumatism.
Only by removing poisonous acid can
rheumatic and neuralgic troubles b«
cured. Uric acid finds Its way Into the
blood because the Kidneys are weakened
and do not throw it off from the system.
Restore the ICidneys and you restore the
power that will force the uric acid from
the body. That Is Just wh3t McBurney"s
I KltJnoy and Bladaer Cure does. It drl\-e.s
the deadly uric acid frum the blood. It
eustalns the organs that sustain life and
the forces that make blood. McBurney's
Kidney and Bladder cure, $1 50. All
druggists. Booklet with sworn state-
ments of cures free. W. F. McBurney.
Sole Mfr.. 226 S. Spring st.. Los Angeles.
— - ¦,-¦- •,, -;VJ**- ¦"-' V-J3 B~lvi***-m r .TS-~f* lkU-i-.Wi;-.«_^P«ft|j
Tor Pores. Baron, Scalds, I £
deem, Rinpn-onn, Tetter, J^ '/'it 9
Erysipelas, Scald Head, S // I |
Itch, rimriie*. lUotclies, JL f 3
Inflamed Kyeiids, Itch- 7s*~t &
ing Files, and all Skia >r\ \ I '£
Eruption*— use jf \ X. r < I j
HEISKELL'S !
Ointment )
I" They all yield to its magical inflnrnre. Bathe '
the affefied part,u»in!j llntkrll't Soap, night
and morning, apply Ilelskell's Ointment, and !
care foUowglna few days. AtalldruetfrtsWo.
Bend for free bock of testimonials. V
JOHNSTON, HOLLOWAY A. CO. f
681 Commerce St.. Philadelphia. \
Vfe'Fjr'Bj. j. -met fk'WJrz jtf^.vwyj^. m ;jx jr^-bEr
Pfllflrf* DON'T FAIL TO
I aiaWV Bee thc beaut if u i
j COURT Lounging
flfifl room, the EMPIRE
U11U PARLOR, the
gy j PALM ROOM, the
liniflfl LOUIS XV PAR-
U1UUU LOR, and the LA-
If . « DIES' WRITING
Hotels room -
\M. T\ HESS.
BTotary Public and Attorn ey-at-I»aw.
Tenth Floor. Kcom IO15. Claus SpreckeU bidt.
Telephone Main OSS.
Hesldencr. *21 California St., below PowelL
Rt*!dence Telephone James 1501.
AMUSEMENTS. .
SYMPHONYJONCERTS.
SAN FRANCISCO SYMPHONY SOCIETT.
FRITZ ECHEEL. Director.
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
Tuesday*. Sept. 22. Sept. 29. Oct. 6.
Concert Tuesday, Sept. 22. Includes
RICHARD STRAUSS' SERENADE, HAYDN" S
FIFTH KYMPHOXY, BEETHOVEN'S CORI-
OLANUS OVEP.T.URE.
HERR OTTO SPA HER, Violin Soloist.
First Appearance.
SEAT? ON SALE AT SHERMAN & CLAYS.
PRICKS— r.Oc. H 00. $1 23. $1 SO.
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENTS.
MONDAY AND TUESDAY,
September 2Sth and 29th.
SPECIAL. MAT. TUESDAY. Se^t. 29th.
THE EVEBXMA2T COMFABTSr
In an Elizabethan Production of
SHAKESPEARKS
TWELFTH NIGHT
RESERVED SEATS— $1 RO and $1 at
Sherman. Clay & Co.'s Wednesday.PORTLAND. Or.. S'ipt. 2O. — Sam Morris.
Portland's Indian pitcher, disappointed the KCO
people who went to see him hold Seattle's
heavy batters down to-day. Jay Hushes was
hit hard also, but not with so good effect.
Pcrtland's fielding was very loose. NaJeau and
Elsey making crstly errors. Lumley knocJte.1
out a home run, making the thir-i Seattle has
made during the present series. Score:
Portland 0 1 0 3 ft 1 0 ft 1- «' 12' ,-i
Seattle 00 304 3 00 0—10 10 j
Batteries— Morris ari.l Shea; Hurhaa and
Dyers. Umpire — Levy.
Pitcher Morris Disappoints.
LOS ANGELES. Sept. CO.— To-day"* «aun»
was close and exdtln». It would have been a
ahut-out of the Oaklands but for Corbetfs wlM
pitch, a base on balls and an error by Smith.
Corbett was a little wild at timts. but was I in.
vincible, allowing but two hits. 0 Kara was
moved to third b*se In pUce of Baiter and
filled the place nicely. Ine dating of Roaj
and the s^e"a'..l.ir catch tf 6pi« were U .
principal features. Attendance. oOW. Score.
Los Angles- I Oaklanvl-
AB. R. H. P.A. AB. R. H. P.A
Hot cf 4 12 2 O'O'Hra. 3b 2 1 1 1 1
Whelr.2bS O I I 0lD«reri..3 0 0 2 1
«m»th, r«b .1 o i o •«»»«£ *M o 2 ? V
(• n i,, IK 4 O 1 C 2 Murdk.rf 4 O O 1 t
CrlvtS rf 4 O 1 1 0 Kruser.If 4 O O O O
Totals.5 2 S27 7i TotaI..2S 1 2 2*10
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
?•» » ? « js=s
«T? O 0100OO0O— 1
SUMMARY.
c,ni«, r bases— Spies- OHara. Messerly. Er
rofs^lmlth Mur-lock. Mosklman. Two-bass
m? wn iacrlflce hl»-Devereaux. Wheeler.
Kon Struck out-By Ctorbttt.' 7; by Moskl-
Kops. o btr^ e3 on balls— Oft Corbett. 4; eft
Moskiman 2. First base on errors— Oakland
i\VUd Pitch— Corbett. Left on bases—O«k
lAnd A li» Annelcs «. Time of same— One
ho"r and forty-five minutes. Umpire—acon
nell. i
COBBETT ALLOWS TWO HITS.
Nearly Shuts Out Oakland on ths
Southern Field.
_ j
Jack Cooney, the old-time St. Mary's
College pitcher, was in the points for Un
cle during the morning period tit Oakland.
He had nothing the Senators could not
hit. Then to add to the troubles of tho
home team he was wild all the time, and
therefore the Senators had a mtrry tlms
of It running over the sacks. At that th«
home team had many chances to win. as
the fielding of the visitors was bad. but
they never could get hits when they were
good for runs. The score:
Sacramento— I San Francisco—
AB. R. H. P.A.I A.B. R- H. P.A.
Casey. 2b 4 1 2 3 6 Lynch, cf 5
HildMJI 3 10 1 OMeany.rf 4 12 10
McLim.rf3 0 0 3 0;Irwln. 3b 4 0 2 12
Esran 8. 4 3 S 8 4'Ze'rfoas.c 5 0 0 5 0
Twnsilb 1115 0:Fabst. lb 5 O 2 11 O
Shehn.3b-4 0 13 1 Kruif. cf 5 12 4 1
Doyle, cf 4 1 1 1 liDelm S i.2b 5 1 2 2 S
Hosan. c 3 0 0 3 1 Raymd. ¦*!£££
Keefe p. 3 0 0 0 1 Cooney. p 3 0 0 0 3
Grahra.lb 20150 , — — 71 ZZ 7^
Totals. 40 5 13 27 IS
Totals. 31 7 » 27 13
RTTNS AND HITS BT IXNIXG3.
Sacramento 3 0 2 0 0 1 1 p 0— T
Base hits l<> 3O1 2iiX~?
Ean Francisco... J©»<>£??? f~,5
l:a»e hits 3 110 2 3 11 1-13
StTMMART.
Stolen bases— Egan <2). Caaay. Errors—
Euan (3) Hllrtebrand. Irwln, Krug. T*ro-bas«
hits— Egan. Lynch, Irwln. Krug. Sicrttlc*
hits— McLaughlln. Graham. Ho»;an. Hlld-
brand. First base en errors— Sacramento 1.
Kan Francisco 3. First base on called balls —
Off Keefe. 2: off Cooney. 8. Left on bases —
Sacramento 9. San Francisco 11. Struck out —
By Keefe. 2; by Cooney. 3. Hit by pitcher — Ir
wln. Double plays^ — Lynch to Zearfoss: Town
send (unaeslsjted); Krug to Zearfos*.
pitches— Keefe 2. Time of rame— One hour
and nfty-flve minutes. Umpire— McDonald.
Cooney Not Effective.
Stolen bases — Casey 2. Kean. Errors— I.-.i. iy.
Knell. Two-base hits — Hlldebrnnd. Granam.
Sacrifice hits— Meany. Egan. Hogan. Doy;».
First base on called balls — Oft Whalen 6. Left
on bases — San Francisco 3, Sacramento W.
Struck out — By Whalen 1. by Knell 2. Hit by
pitcher — Lynch. r>ouble plays^ — Graham f>
Egan to Ilosan: Graham to Casey. Passwl baits
Graham. Leahy. Time of game — One hour anj
45 minufi>. Umpire — McDonald.
Sacramento 0 0 0 1 0 0 3 1 O— 3
Base hlta 1 0 1 1 1 »0 3 1 l-»
San Francl3co 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 fr-0
Base hits 0 110 0 10 1 I— &
SUMMARY.
San Francisco — i Sacramento —
AB. R. H. P. A. AB. H. H.PA.
Lyr.ch.lf. 3 0 10 0 Casey. 2b. 5 0 3 7 1
Meany. rf 3 0 0 1 OHldbnd.lf* 1110
Irwin,3b. 4 0 0 2 2 McLhn.rf 4 0 1 1 i»
Leahy.c. 3 O O 1 n Kgan.s.. 2 1 O 2 5
Pabst.lb. 3 0 0 12 0 Shehn.3b .T 1 1 3 ."
KniK.cf. 3 O 2 1 lDoyle.cf. 2 O O 1 ••
Delms.2b 3 0 0 4 4tGrahm,c. 4 1 2 r. t
Rymnd.s 3 0 1 5 "IIoKan.lb 3 10 8 1
Whalen.p 3 0 11 SjKnell.p.. 4 0 1 1 *
Totals 2S O 5 27 is) Totals 31 5 9 27 IS
RUS'S AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Jimmy Whalen. whom, the fans relied
upon to do all the work for them, wa»
sadly off color. He did not have his con
trol with him. He was hit like a punch
ing bag when the Senators desired. Jimmy
was responsible for most or the runs.
Truck Egan started to make the first
Senatorial run In the fourth inning by
taking a pass. On Sheehan's hit over sec
ond he went to third and scored while the
opposing lnfleld was busy putting Doyla
out at first. They laid lonr then till tha
seventh, when Graham hit and Hogan
bunted. Whalen threw too late to catch
Graham at second and Tommy Leahy
then let one go past him, so both runners
advanced. Knell's out put Graham safe
ly over the Jumps and Casey dU the same
for Hogan. A double by Mildebrand and
a single from the bat of McLaughlin
made another In the same inninc. One
more came through in the ninth, making
five In all. The score:
So the series has closed and Mike Fish
er has profited by the good wind that h.13
blown his way. He has increased his per
centage considerably. If he can but keep
up this stride next week the league will
have a new team In the second position.
Ancient Phil Knell and hla mysterious
slow kinks were the most striking inci
dents in the afternoon game at Recrea
tion Park. From the first Innlns until all
was at an end the old war horse was
there, Why the locals did not hit him is
a mystery unexplained, but he got away
with the game and is deserving of credit.
Mike Fisher and his Senatorial gladia
tors put the finishing touches yesterday
to the good work they have been doln?
against the home crowd during the past
week. Twice did they, triumph and vic
tory came easy on each occasion. Dur
ing the morning struggle Uncle and his
pick-me-ups never had a chance end they
went down. 7 to 5. 'Twas even worse at
the Eighth-street lot. for the natives
failed to touch the rubber, while the Sen
ators landed five times.
W. L. Pct. ; VT. L. Pet.
L. Angeles.97 5« .**17 1 Portland ..6« M .4J«J
San Fran.. 86 74 .KS!,'. Seattle ...ft* !** .4.U
Sacramnto 81 74 .bZl Oakland ..71 !>;> ,4~i
STANDING OF THE CLUES.
Uncle's Followers Suffar Onco
More From Inability
to Hit.
Old Phil Knell Twirls
• Another High Art
Game.
DOUBLE VICTORY
FOR SACRAMENTO
Lady Menlo won the. open stake at
LADY MENLO A "WTN1TCR.
MINNEAPOLIS, Sept. 20.— In the Metropoli
tan Opera-house to-night "Scott and Ferris pre
sented for the first time their musical > comedy
•'The Sleepy King." The production scored a
hit. The book Is by George V. Hobart, the
newspaper man. The libretto is by Giovanni
Conterni.
Lundy carries largest stock 18-k. plain
rings in the city. 4 Third street *
Business Decreases and Prices I>rop.
LONDON. Sept. 20.— With the serious
political crisis in Great Britain added to
the hardening of money rates and the
gloomy Balkan prospects, the operators
on the Stock Exchange last week ob
served ' extreme ' caution. Business de
creased and prices dropped all around.
Following the unprecedented depression
of consols the best gilt edge securities
gave way. The weakness in the Iron mar
ket, both here and In the United States,
also tended to lower prices. Business in
the American market was of the small
est proportions. Atchison and Union Pa
cific showing the most marked decline
of the- whole list- Canadian railroads
aJso closed lower on the week's dealings.
OAKLAND. Sept. 20.— The flftaen-round
bout between Joe Angeli and Jack Cor
dell will take place at the Reliance Ath
letic Club Tuesday evening. The event
gives ever}' indication of being one of the
best ever handled by tkls club, owing to
the fact that the principals have met In
three amateur contests, with unsatisfac
tory results.
Angeli and Cordell to Fight.
Companies A and F, Fifth Infantry, and
Troop A, First Cavalry, held their an
nual State contests for records yesterday
at the Shell Mound Park ranges. The
guardsmen all attended in uniform. The
weather was exceptionally favorable
for shooting, and the scores were corre
spondingly good. The infantry organiza
tions shot with rifles and the cavalrymen
with revolvers.
Members of the Shell Mound Pistol and
Rifle Club -also held a team contest. The
day's scores follow:
Company A, Fifth Infantry, National Guard
of California. State ehoot at 200. 300 and 500
yards — Captain E. G. Hunt. 21. 22. 17: Lieuten
ant K. W. Peter Ron. 19, lti, 22; Sergeant S. C.
B. King. 22, 23. 21; Sergeant S. A. Willlard,
8, 11, 14; Sergeant L. C. Francis, 15, 14. 10;
M. Human. 11. — . — ; Corporal K. Lawton. 20,
14, 2; Corporal H. Lawton, 21, 13. 11; Corporal
E. Bervjuest, 11. 12. 10; E. R. Colter, 16. 11, 4;
Charles H. Ellis, 21, 20, 18; A. Jones, 18. 10,
2.'.; H. P. Kllnkner. 24, 24. 23; H. B. On&erth
11. 7, 8: C. E. Powell, 20. 24. 20; E. Morrison,
18. O. 15: R. King, 15. 7. 17; P. Gllman. 24, 20.
14: A. J. Wagner. 11. 4. 4; C. A. Woods, 13,
0 11.
Company F, Fifth Infantry. National Guard
of California, State shoot at 200, 300 and 600
yards— Captain C. C. Covalt, 23. 23, 23; Lieu
tenant G. W. Nickerson. 24. 22. 22; Lleutenanc
H. P Johanuen. 20. 21. 21; Sergeant G. C
Hanson. 21. 22, 21: Sergeant W. • Nordlund, 23
25. 25 v Sergeant W. G. Leonard, 23, 34, 23:
Corporal W. J. Garibaldi. 21, 25. 22; Corporal
C A. Sullivan. 24. 24. 20; Corporal L. R. Kel
ler 18. 1», 20; Corporal A. E. Schmidt. 20, 20,
20; G. W. Boullett, 10, 0, 0; H. Papworth, 17,
State Contests for He cords.
Various Companies Hold Annual
GTJAEDSMENAT SHEIX MOUHT).
The Bay City Athletic Club has a good
card for Its boxing show Wednesday
evening. There will be six events, the
feature being the bout between George
Braun and Joe Thomas of the Rosedale
Club. Dick Hyland and Kid Parker are
billed for the special event. The balance
of the card is as follows: Johnny Frayne
vs. Sddie Carr, Harry Tenny vs. Charles
Weber, Ernest Wilson vs. Jim Dempsey,
Al Elklns vs. George White.
Bay City Club Bouts.
25. 17; N. Gluck. 12, 16. 21; C. P. Rlstrum. 8
20, 14; H. Coleman. 16, 0. 0; H. Mau, 20 20,
17; J. Ogp, 16, 4, 0; L. A. Marshall, 8. ». «;
II. Scorllla, 19, 15. 18; P. Servls, 20. 18. 7.
Troop A, First Cavalry, National Guard of
California, State shoot with revolver at 60
yards — Captain C. Jensen 25, Lieutenant C. F.
Wells 4(5. Lieutenant C. M. Flckert. 30, First
Sergeant R. C. Greenlnger 30, Sergeant H B.
Taylor 46, Sergeant H. A. R. Hansen 28, Ser
ireant C. A. Becker 48, Sergeant E. H. Carr
48. Sergeant F. T. Engle 43. Sergeant G. Rid
dock 36, Corporal W. Spanhake 48, Corporal
\V. Huber"*42. Corporal C. J. Orton 21. i Cor
poral G. W. Pope 40, Corporal L. M. McKinley
42, Corporal T. P. Lehman 40, Trumpeter S
L. Wafer 33, Farrier G. J. McDonald 25, H
L. Detrlck 46, G. W. Hoadley 48, J. Fritz 3()
T. L. Connotly 35, G. W. MacLeod 45, W h'
Schulte 43. H. L. Miller 35. W. Christmas 20.
R, P. Coop IS. T. Carlln .18. F. S. Bernhardt 48
F. Barthels 40, H. G. Cromerdlng 18, F D v
Hamilton 2, A. J. Thornagle 33, M. C. Bolts 32'
J. H. Stlnman 40, M. Goldberg 5, E. M Mul
vllle 38, A. W. Albrecht 43, J. S. Botey 44 j
L. Dlxon 23, S. Block 10, J. Werner 48 ' a'
Lage 35. W. V. Lauton 44. C. J. Nlcolal 42 j'
T. Nourse 33. N. J. Prater 36. R G. Robs'°4'
A. M. Kant 34, M. Knaui 11, W. P. BaruthV
Shell Mound Pistol and Rifle Club with rifle
at 200 yards, two scores of ten. shots each
W. Slebe. 177, 176; E. J. Farley, 03, 136- P
A. Paulson. 115. 169: W. L. Pnulson 124 122-
W. Guild. 102, 146; Dr. L. V. Ftatew. lftlKlftS:
T. Burr. 02. 115; A. Thompson 144, 150; A
Poulsen, 139, 155.
The collegians would like to hear from
nines whose members' age limit is 17
years.
OAKLAND, Sept. 20.— The third team
of St. Mary's College defeated the Colum
bia Park baseball nine of San Francisco
to-day, score 6 to L This was the St.
Mary's boys' tenth consecutive victory
this season. Following is the score by
innings:
St. Man's 0 0 2 0 0 0 <J 4 x— 6
Columbia Park...O 00100000—1
Batteries — Thompson and Burk«; Moriarity
and Raphael. Umpire — Blgley. Scorer — Shee
han.
St. Mary'» Boys "Win.
"When the promoters of the Golden Gate
Race meeting announced publicly at
Emeryville on Saturday tnat they would
abandon it after one day's trial the horse
men were disappointed.-.
A setitlon was prepared at once 're
questing the New California Jockey Club
to continue the meeting. Many signatures
were secured and the paper was presented
to * Secretary Treat. The horsemen were
told it would be Impossible for the Jockey
Club to promote a meeting at this time,
in view of the rapid approach of the regu
lar season.
Horsemen at Oakland Are Informed
It Would Be Impossible to Do
So et This Time.
OWIfEBS ASK JOCKEY CLXTB
TO CONTIUTJE MEETTN'G
The courBlng throughout the day bor
dered on the sensational. It was wit
nessed by a large attendance. The results
in detail with Judge Andrew Dean's
official scores follow: **
California .Coursing: Committee stake: First
round — Vandal beat Black Coon, 5-0; Palo Alto
beat Rubber Ankle*, 6-4; Pocatelll beat Clover
dale, 5-0; Lord Brazen bfat Reno, 3-2; Hap
hazard beat Flaunt, 10-8; Pasha Pleasant beat
lieacon, 13-4; Full Moon beat Belle Free, 5-3;
Gambit beat Real Article, 5-0; Rector beat
Tillie n. 5-3; Sacramento Boy beat Barge. 0-3;
Silver Heels beat Mickey Free, 7-4;. Mount Rote
beat Royal Archer, 18-7.
Second round— Falo Alto beat Vandal. 3-2;
Pocatelll beat Lord Brazen. 3-2: Pasha. Pleas
ant beat Haphazard, 6-4; Full Moon beat Gam
bit. U-0; Rector beat Sacramento Boy. 5-3;
Mount' Rose beat Silver Heels. 6-5.
Third round — Pocatelll beat Palo Alto. 3-2;
Paeha Pleasant beat Full Moon, 15-2; Rector
beat Mount Rose, 5-0.
Fourth round— Pocatelll beat Pasha Pleasant,
6-2; Rector a bye.
Deciding course postponed on account of
darkness. ;
Consolation stake — Rubber Ankles beat Black
Coon, 10-4; Cloverdaie beat Reno, 7-4; Beacon
a bye. Flaunt withdrawn: Real Article beat
Belle Free, 10-5; Barge beat Tlllle R, 7-2;
Mickey Free a bye, Royal Archer withdrawn.
Second round — Cloverdale beat Rubber An
kles. 10-7: Real Article a bye. Beacon with
drawn; Barge beat Mickey Free. 7-C.
Third round — Cloverdaie beat Real Article,
9-5; Berge a bye.
Deciding course — Cloverdaie beat Barge,
19-13.
Open stake— Preclta Maid beat Idaho Boy,
8-4; SemDronlus beat Otto, 5-0; Reckless Ac
robat beat Prairie Maid, 10-4; Fontenoy beat
Fenll, 6-2; Dorothy M beat Glancing Pasha,
0-0; Dear Gaston ¦ beat Firm Fellow, 6-0;
Shadow beat Yankee Boy, 10-4; Genfral De
wet beat Warco, C-l; Vina beat Algy McDon
ald. 1.1-8; Sliver Cloud beat Concord Boy, 8-0;
Homer Boy beat' Lulu Girl. 13-4; Red Pepper
beat Cascade. R-2; Tralee Boy beat Little
Jack. 20-3; Red Rock beat Frisky Barbara.
8-1; Master Rocket beat Lord Granard. 5-1,
Honest John beat Don Pedro, 12-6; Sea Lion
beat Ruby Sankey, 5-0; St. Conn beat Rocke
feller, 4-2; Luxury beat Commercial Traveler,
4-2; Casette beat Pomona. 12-5; Bonnie Pasha
beat Renegade Apache, 10-7; Wedg^wood beat
Belfast. 3-0; Remlsso Anlmo beat America,
11-5; Fair Oaks beat False Alarm, 7-5.
Second round — Sempronlus beat Idaho Boy,
5-4; Fontenoy beat Reckless Acrobat, 15-0;
Dear Gaaton beat Dorothy M, 6-3; Shadow
beat General Dewet, 7-3: 'Silver Cloud beat
Vina, 6-1; Red Pepper beat Homer Boy, 3-0;
Rod Rock beat Tralee Boy, 10-9; Honest John
brat Ma«te.r Rocket, 4-3: Sea Lion beat St.
Conn, 6-2; Luxury beat Cosette. 4-3; Bonnie
Pasha beat Wed?ewood, 8-3; Fair Oaks beat
Rcmlsso Anlmo, 7-1.
Third round— Sempronius beat Fontenoy,
26-14; Dear Gaston beat Shadow, 16-1; Silver
Cloud beat Red Pepper. 5-1; Red Rock beat
Hcnest John. 4-0; Sea Lion beat Bonnie Pasha,
6-5; Fair Oaka beat Luxury. 5-4.
Fourth round — Dear Gaston a bye, Sempron
ius withdrawn; Sliver Cloud beat Red ' Rock,
0-4; Sea Lion beat Fair Oaks, 5-2.
• Fifth round — Silver Cloud beat Dear Gaaton,
6-3; Sea Lion a bye.
Deciding course — Postponed on account of
darkness.
In his trial with Palo Aito the latter
was made a 1 to 2 choice. Pocatelli led to
the hare by half a length and won by a
score of 3 to 2. Black Coon was a 1 to 2
choice over Vandal, who beat him to the
first round. Real Article, a 1 to 2 choice,
was beaten by Gambit. In the second
round Silver Heels, a 1 to 4 choice, was
beaten by Mount Rose.
Focatelli and Rector remain in the Com
mittee stake. The former defeated in
turn Cloverdaie, Lord Brazen, Palo Alto
and Pasha Pleasant. Rector, who wa3
running in grand form, beat Tillio R,
Sacramento Boy, Mount Rose and then
secured a bye. Pocatelll was unfortunate
in having undecided courses with Lord
Brazen and Pasha Pleasant, but he
showed his wonderful class throughout. .
California Coursing Committee
stake. The deciding couise in the open
stake also went over until next Sunday.
)— — ARKNESS settled down upon the
Union Coursing Park field last
night and prevented the running
— ™— " of the deciding course in the
COURSING JUDGE AND SOME
GREYHOUNDS IN ACTION ON
THE FIELD.
J. Myer 70. M. F. Blaise 70. M. F. Mala
vos 70, F. A. Kuhls 69, L-. RItsau 66, A.
Studer K, E. Schmid 70. E. Woenne 66. W.
Stelllng C5, F. Baumgartner 69, F. Ruh-
Etaller C7, W. F. Blasse 66, Captain F. At
tlnger 69, F. E. Mason 70. P. Enge 69, D.
B. Faktor 65, A. Strecker 62, A. Pape 72,
A. Gehret 68, C. M. Henderson 68, F. Sim
men 68, H. Huber 66, Fred Frandt 69, Otto
Burmeister 69, Max Kolander 67, C. Zim
merman €6. . .
As the festival will be continued to-day
and further shooting be held on the hon
orary target the foregoing scores will un
doubtedly be beaten when the crack Bhota
pay attention to this target.
The committee who had charge of the
festival and contributed largely to its suc
cess was composed of the following mem
bers: Fred IJevers, L.: J. Reubold, John
Boiler, A. Rahwyler, T. J. Carroll, A. von
Hartwlg, William F. Blasse. Otto Bremer,
J. C. Waller, William Woenne.
A. H. Pane scored the greatest number
of points on a 40-ehot ticket, making the
good total of SI. He also scored high for
an 8-shot ticket, making 20 points,
Strecker coming next with 13.
The scores made on the honorary target
follow:
The twenty-seventh annual fall festival
and king shoot of the California Schuet
zen took place yesterday at Schuetzen
Park. Adolph Strecker proved himself
again a king by making a score of 247
points. He was= closely followed by Au
gust Pape and D. B. Faktor with 339 and
331 points respectively.
The number of marksmen participating
in th« event was by far the largest that
has been seen on a shoo4t£g range for
many years. Sacramento was well rep
resented by Captain Frank Ruhstaller,
Jacob Myer, Emil Schmid and Jacob
Slyer. San Jose sent one of its best shots
in the person of M. A. Malavos. who
placed a number of good scores to his
credit. F. H. Heidtmann of Woodland
was a busy man at the different targets,
and succeeded in placing some good scores
to his credit. Henry Barnholdt, R. C.
Andrus and M. H. Granholz. although
new men on the range, did some good
work.
Amonsr the other well known marksmen
prPFPTit were:
Prdlo Jaroby. William Ehrenpfort, A.
H. Pape. Franl: E. Mason, T. J. Carroll,
Al C. Gehret, C. M. Henderson, Max Ko
landpr, F. P. Schuster, D. B. Faktor, * A.
Strecker, Louis Bendel. N. Ahrons, O. A.
Brcrr.er. Jacob Gruhler of Sacramento.
Gt-orpe Tammeycr. George Rischmlller
Sr.. Gcorse H. Bahrs.
The scores for the high men among the
king shooters follow: Adolph Strecker
347 points, A. H. Pape 329. D. B. Faktor
3.11. F. E. Mason 225, Jacob Gruhler. 320.
Al Gohret "10 F. P. Schuster 303, George
Tammeyer 257. X. Ahrens 256, Max Ko
lander 244, I* Bendel 231.
The first bullseye in the morning was
made by Otto A. Brcmer; the first 25 by
F. P. Schuster; second 25 by F. E. Mason
and the third 25 by E. Schmid of Sacra
mento. The last bullseye in the morning
was made by Herman Huber. In the
afternoon Al Gehret led off by making a
center. He also closed the day's pro
ceedings by making a 25 ring.
Ingleside Coursing Park yesterday, beat
ing Reta S in the deciding course. Lady
Menlo easily disposed of Sofala in the
third round, vanquished Pure Pearl in
the fourth and Bonnie Hughie in the fifth.
A bye couise placed her in the final.
Maid of the Glen captured the consola
tion number, defeating Roxana, the fa
vorite, in a trial lasting one minute and
fifty-three seconds. The hares were
strong and long trialB were numerous.
The day's results with Judge Thomas
Tierney's official scores follow:
Open etake second round — Doreen beat
Mountain Light. 7-1: Ro>al Friend beat Jingle
Bella, 4-2: Jerry Wright beat Marguerite. 7-2;
Advance Guard beat Honor Bright. 14-4; Reta
6 beat Little Plunger. 8-4; Una beat Miss Wl -
son C-2; Doc Burns boat Roy Huehte, 10-0;
Equator beat Fannie Hughie. 6-3; Medley beat
Braws Hill, 10-0; Pure Pearl beat Fair Gem,
7-3- Sofala beat Thetis, 6-O; Lady Menlo a
bye; Bonnie Hughie b*at Little Lucy. 8-5;
Flower of Kerry beat Kettleman, 5-3; Yonng
Buck beat Gold Lily. 3-2; Haddington beat Yu
kon 6-4* Rock and Rye beat Auction. 6-0;
Topsy Turvey beat Blenzl. 7-3; Lily Wright
beat Intruder, 7-4; Wattles beat Toung Johnnie
"hlrd round — Doreen beat Royal Friend. 7-4:
Advance Guard beat Jerry Wright, 9-7; Reta
8 beat Una, 12-3: Equator beat Doc Burns.
3-0- Pure Pearl beat Me<?ley. 3-0; Lady Menlo
beat Sofala. 4-0; Bonnie Hughie beat Flower of
Kerry, 7-4; Young Buck beat Haddington, 4-1;
Topsy' Turvey beat' Rock and Rye, 18-1; Wat
tle»beat Lily Wright. 10-7. _
FTiurth round — l_>oreen beat Advance Guard.
10-'" Reta. S beat Equator, 16-5; Lady Menlo
beat' Pure Pearl, 9-7; Bonnie Hughie beat
Young Buck. 12-6; Wattles beat ToDsy Tur
vey 4-0.
Fifth round — Reta 8 beat Doreen, 6-5; Lady
Menlo beat Bonnie Hughie. 4-0; Wattles a bye.
Sixth round — Reta S -beat Wattles. 16-9;
Lady Menlo a bye.
Deciding course — Lady Menlo beat Reta S,
S-5.
Consolation stake. Second round — Whisper
heat Lady Pinto, 4-0: Maid of the Glen beat
Odd Kyes, 6-2; Greenhall beat Tom Sayers,
5-3- Omina beat Tyrone Prince, 3-2; Tom
Hurllck beat Articulate. 7-5; Hesper beat Irv
lngton-Tralee, 8-6: Roxana beat Clarice, 8-4:
Our Myra beat Anner Boy, 4-0; Yellowtall
beat Imperious, 6-1; Prometheus beat Half
Moon, 8-1.
Third round — Maid of the Glen beat Whis
per, 5-3; Orslna beat Greenhall, 5-2; Tom Hur
llck beat Hesper, 4-1; Roxana beat Our Myra,
4-0; Yellowtall beat Prometheus. 4-tt
Fourth round — Maid of the Glen beat Orsina,
3-0; Roxana beat Tom Hurlick, 5-1; Yellow
tail a bye.
Fifth round — Maid of the Glen beat Yellow
tail, 5-4: Roxana a bye. '
Deciding course— Maid of the Glen beat
Roy ana, 18-0.
1— Judge, Huron; 2— Lyons, Tecumseh;
3— Lyons, Tecumseh; 4— Lyons, Tecumseh;
5— Crilly, Huron; 6— Williams. Tecumseh;
7—Therterg, Tecumseh; 8— Crelly. Huron;
9— Coutts, Huron; 40— Williams. Tecum
seh; 11— MInto, Huron; 12— Williams, Te
cumseh.
The following is the list of players in
their respective positions;
Tecumseh. Position. Huron.
Carrol GoaX J6nes
rWan Point Brennan
I.vons Cover point Beardsmoie
Reswick, Flr»t defense Burden
Sconeld Second defense Darra«h
Bert-er Third defense HlgRlns
Beckwlth Center Mjnto
Theberg Third home fudge
Wilson Second home *. . . Ccutls
Gossip First home ,®I*» l
Williams Outside home Cr'el y
Lyons Inside home C. Mlnto
Taneey Captain Dr. HcXaughton
Referee-— Dr. Stinson.
. The swinging racquets made more than
one severe gash on the heads of several
of the athletes, but did not deter them
from continuing the game with vigor.
Lyons of the Tecumsehs was the partic
ular star of the occasion. Three goals
were credited to him and he prevented
his opponents from getting tho elusive
ball between the pests on his side of the
field more than once. Williams, though
ho was severely cut over the eye with a
racquet, also tallied three goals for the
Tecumsehs by his brilliant plays. The
list of goals and those who made them
follows:
Many spectators witnessed an exciting
lacrosse same between the" Tecumsehs
and the Hurons yesterday afternoon at
National Baseball Park, Ninth and Bry
ant Btreets. After an interesting struggle
the Tecumsehs carried off the victory by
a score of 7 goals to their opponents* 4.
Tho whole play was replete with sensa
tional incidents, which brought salvos of
applause from the interested spectators.
The aport is certainly not akin to a-par
lor game, as was attested by the number
of cuts and bruises received by the play
ers.
The Corinthian yachts sailed to Vallejo
on Saturday, returning to their tnoorings
at Tiburon late yesterday afternoon.
Among the yachts that made the cruise
were Nixie, Speodwcll, Neva, Presto,
Aeolus and Chlspa. Owing to a strong
flood tide and light wlnfis, the Truant,
Edna. Emma and Discovery were only
able to reach McXears Saturday night.
They Joined the Meet yesterday for the
run home.
The "bake" was a success, at least so
voted the sailing enthusiasts who partook
of the good cheer. After the feast the
sports were inaugurated. Yawl races,
swimming contests and foot races were
all on_the programme. A sham battle
with watermelon rinds was also one of the
many features of the occasion. Great in
terest was tn^en in the yawl race, which
proved highly exciting. Prizes were also
offered for the boats finishing first and
second, the latter receiving half of a
"brick" as a trophy.
The boats that left Sausalito for Para
dise Cove on Saturday were: The flagship
Thetis, Challenger. White Wings, Chlspa,
Haicyon, Queen. Surprise. Sada and Alice.
The yacht owners of the San Francisco
Yacht Club will be busy during the week
preparing their craft for the annual re
gatta scheduled for next Sunday.
On Saturday afternoon nine of the
yachts, accompanied by the launch Ed
winjia, left their moorings at Sauaalito
and set sail for Paradise. Yesterday
morning the yachts Ariel. Nellie and An
nie sailed for the cove, where they Joined
the rest of the fleet. After the clambake
in the morning games and aquat'.c snorts
occupied most of the yachtamen^s time
until sails were again set for the home
ward journey.
Thirteen boats of the fleet of the San
Francisco Yacht Club were anchored yes
terday at Paradise Cove, where the merry
tars enjoyed the last chowder party of the
season of 1903.
The largest tennis tournament ever
played In the city was held yesterday on
the Golden Gate Park courts. It was the
seventh handicap doubles tourney for
the loving cup. which must be won three
times. The fact that only six of the
thirty-two teams entered remained at
the conclusion of the day's play shows
how ably the affair was handled with
only three courts available. The handi
capping was as good as is usual in these
events, and the matches as a rule were
close. In the upper half Harry Routh
and Charles Dunlap reached the semi
final?. Horace Mann and Ed Finnegan
are in a like position in the lower half.
Routh and Dunlap will meet the winner
of the match between Jules Brady and
R. lit Whitney and George James and
II. Russell. Mann and Finnegan will be
pitted against the winner ot the Baker
brothers-Otis and Teller match. Of these
six teams Routh and Dunlap and Whit
ney and Brady are the only one3 who
have their names Inscribed on the cups.
The tournament by rounds follows:
First Round— Harry Routh and Charles
Dunlap (scratch) beat Gu#~»o and Hall (15)
C-l. 6-1; T. D. Black and Dr. Uovegrove
(IB 2-B) boat E. Hall and L,. Howell <15 2-0)
B-6 default; Foley and Lewis (16 2-6) beat
V. Roberts and C. Sayre (15 2-fi) by default;
J. M. Baker and C. Griffin (15) beat Barnes
and Carpenter (15 3-fi) t>-l. 6-1: R. N. Whit
ney and J. F. Brady (3-6) Burnett and
l.ittlr <15 2-«) 6-1. tt-1: Lemon and Wheeler
<t5 1-6) beat Cotton and Heilbom (15 3-«) 6-4.
4-6. rt-3; Russell and Jones (2-6) beat Hotch
klsd brothers (2-6) &--». f>-:t; Gunst and L»illen
thal (15 3-6) beat Myrick and Mills
(15 1-6) by default; Finnegan and Mann (4-fi)
beat: Hamilton and Prlchard (15 3-6) 6-0. 6-3;
McFarland brothers (15 2-6) beat Rolfe and
Kuehn (3-6) 6-2. 5-7. 6-3; Skinner brother
fit! l-«) heat Siiigleton brothers O5 3-6) by
default; Gayness and Lytton (5-6) beat Bates
and Finch (3-6) 6-2. 6-4: Code, and Ambrose
(3-6) beat Hozarth and Gomph (15 2-6) 6-4,
6-1: Baker brothers (scratch) beat Edwards
and Joseph (15 3-6) 6-4. 6-2; Skatfjrs and
Ryan (13 1-6) beat Getz and Moss (15 3-6) 6-4.
6-3; Teller and Otis (5-6) beat Long brothers
(15 1-6) 6-4. 3-6. 6-3.
Second Round — Routh and Dunlap (scratch)
beat Black and Lovegrove (15 2-6) 6-3, 6-2;
Fo'.ey and Lewis (2-«) beat Griffin and Ba
ker (15) C-0 6-4; Whitney and Brady (3-«)
beat Lemon and Wheeler (15 1-6* 5-7. 6-3. 6-3;
James and Russeil (2-6) beat Gunst and Lll
lenthal (15 3-6) 6-1, 6-2; Finnegan and Mann
(4-6) beat McFarland brothers (15 2-6) 6-2,
5-7 6-3: Gayness and Lytton (5-6) beat Skin
ner brothers (15 1-6) 6-3. 6-2; Baker brothers
(scratch) beat Code and Ambrose (.1-6) 6-4.
6-4; Teller and. Otis (5-6) beat Skagffs and
Ryan (15 1-6) 9-7. 6-4.
Third Round — Routh and Dunlap (scratch)
beat Foley and Lewis (2-6) 6-4. 6-4; Whitney
and Brady (3-6) vs. Russell and Jones (2-6):
Mann find Finnegan (4-6) beat Lytton and
Gaynes3 (5-6) 6-3. 6-3; Baker brothers
(scratch) vs. Ot!a and Teller (5-6).
¦ A fast and exciting doubles match was
played on the California Club courts.
After losing the first set 6-3 Norman
Hodgkinson and W. B. Collier won the
next two from Drummond MacOavin and
Frank Mitchell 9-7, 7-5.
The club officials have decided to offer
two silver cups for handicap doubles to
be won three times. They will take the
place of the Davis cups, which were won
by the Smith brothers. The first tourna
ment for the new trophies will be held
next Sunday on the club courts.
Leads All the Marksmen
at Schuetzen Park
Range.
Double Tournament Is
a Most Successful
Affair.
Defeat the Hurons by a
Score of Seven to
Pour.
Paradise Cove Re-echoes
With Songs and
Merriment.
RACKETS SWING
ON PARK COURTS
ADOLPH STRECKER
IS CROWNED KING
LACROSSE HONORS
FOR TECUMSEHS
YACHTMEN ENJOY
CHOWDER CRUISE
By the New York Telegraph;
FirEt race — The Minute Man,
Mineola. Bryn Mawr.
Second race — Tankard, Borough,
Step Lightly.
Third race — Lux Casta, Agnes D,
Elsie L.
Fcurtli race — The X>ady Rohesia,
Tunny Side, Uordella.
Fifth race— Highlander, Setauket,
Young Henry.
Sixth race — Parisienne, Mamie
Worth, Reliable.
HAWTHORNE ENTRIES.
CHICAGO. F.pt. 20— Hawthorne <-ntries:
Firet ;-*cf. six furloncs. Reliing — First Past
J12. .!«m« -f. <orbett 112. i:.-iiii;,m 10I». Fln
paJ JOv, Best Man J<». Lute 109. Mcranda lltt.
Fea Pirate 1"9. Propeller 100, Captain Hamm
109. I^na? 101, Somersault 104.
Pf-ccnd race, handicap, steeplechase, shnit
course —Duke of York 156, Kal»!la 143. Mrs.
Orannan 14<t. Moranda 139. Snowdrift I3X,
t .¦¦.•,-.¦: 1US, Heber 132. UaJba 130. Creolin
Third raee, one mile, Rrrtember handicap —
JuCp* liiraefi ]2S. McGee US, I^endin 110.
Montieur l>aura!re U3S, LuralieiUer 107. The
lion UK. La«3y Jocelyn 104. First f'hip 100.
Fourth race. Fix luriongs — Moroolto 114.
Ethel Wheat 114. l.TCtrenne 114. Ca.llant 114.
T..ah 114, Elwood U2. Auditor »2. Toledo iKl,
lw-trrmlr.ation Kt.
Fifth race. on« and an eighth miles, Belling
— Orrfiuman'ir»2, Ha V 102. Charlie Grainier
lit'. Glassful »«», Little Elkln »7. O'Hagen a7.
iKxJIe S '.*7. Mr. Uinglp a5. Ijord Melbourne
JI3. Our UeseJe 83. Fading Light 92. Alrlight
Sixth race, five and a half furlong* — Rocka
way J13, Coroner Kelly 110, Mayor David S
Rote 110, Aggie Lewis 107, Allista 107, Trora
peuso 107.
HAWTHOBNE SELECTIONS.
By the Chicago Inter Ocean.
First race — Best Han, X.ute, £a«
bucta.
Second race — Duke of York, Pau
laker, Falella.
Third race —^Luralighter, I/endin,
McG«C. •
Fcurth race— Auditor, L'Etreime,
Toledo.
Fifth race^ — Glassful, Our Bessie,
Lord Melbourne.
Sixth race — Rockaway, MayoT
David S. Rose, Allista.
TkTrr.-M-A-R. T/Nrr-BTra
ST LOtTIS. 6ept. 20. — D«lmar entries:
Fltrt rsce. five furlanrs, purse — Edna. Dan
iels S3, Wcotsy Wclnert 88. Nellie Cromwell
•iS. Pllffrim Girl 306. Phlllida. 98. Ache 106.
True Girl U*i. Always Faithful US. Hoedown
1C3 Zarni IOC, Fond Memory 08, Lora J 106,
lion Chere OS.
Second race, elx furloncm. »clling — Ruralfst
107 Tabellarlu* 107, Ultra Vlrei 107, Model
Monarch 110. Krcanaba 107. My Surprise 107.
Wiil Fhe'ly 110. Lacache 102. Crutchfield 110.
MttU Corker 107. Btub 107, Hemlock 107,
Harry Griffith 102.
Third race, fIx and a haJf furlongra. purtse —
Lord Hermence 10S. Wreath of Ivy 105, Town
Mocr J04. Huirh McGowan 103.
Fourth race, fix furlongrs— Forehar.d 03,
Hlle* 114. Stand Pat 100, Frank Bell 114.
Fifth race, one mile, selling — After the Ball
fll. Yana 1O6, Revenge Dare 1O0. Montana
I-, , r ,.. < qt>, Badrer 100, Varna Fonso t»5, Lan
dola 100.
Sixth rsce. -one mile «nd eerenty yards,
j.urse— nummer II 1<"4. mntlock 104. First
Mafcn 107; Golden Glitter 104.
CELMAB SELECTIONS.
By the New York Telepraph.
First rece — Ache, Mon Chere, Phil
lida.
Second race— Harry Griffith, Stub,
Lacache.
Third race— Wreath of Ivy, Lord
Hcrmence, Hugh McGowan.
Fourth race — Stand Pat, Fors
hand, Hilee.
Fifth race^ — Montana Peeress, Re
venge Dare, Varna Fonso.
Sixth race — First Mason, Flint
lock, Bummer TL
GRAVESEXD SELECTION'S.
GRAVESEND ENTRIES.
NK.V VOHK. £>m. -JO. — Grav»e»nd entries:
F*irFt race, si *c frrlo'-.g's. iwo-y**Ar-oI<is — >t.
Vaientinc 10r>, Harangue 115, Mineola HW,
Uollnoc HO, Adriutha U~, Kaldr-r 97. outcome
112, Qui-.kt=tep a". The Minute Man 11.", Bans
11.1. Wntan 113, lou, K«dman i«7. Bryu
Mkwi I0Q, Jocund 115. Masedo UK*.
Itefoud race, about two anil a half mil**.
(hndirap, Steepler hate — Tankard ICO. A«1Jidau
m>. IFV. £e!t Protection 15.'t. l-'tep lightly l-l'.i,
Tho Hacged Cavalier H*\ Borough 147, Oeph
alal.tla 1*0. Somerset 137. Faranlass IS.V
Mar.iiian 124, Haron Pepper 133, l'trion 132,
Silvrr Twist IS". Ga»car 130.
Third race, one and a Bbcttenth miies. han
riirap — Lux Casta 110. Eucrnla Burch 113.
IXoUjr Brant H'K. Ada Nay H>9. Stamping
<i round 1U7. Agnes D »5. Elite L ».'!. Gar iota
'.12. Aaoenstoa US. Palvatella ttO. D'kaber Hi.
Fourth race, five and a half furl<.riKs. fpII
intr. th«- Allwrrr-arle, two-yr-ar-old hlltps — Funny
S»dc 140, Moriie-lia !»4, Letolst tw. Gananogue
:<4. FUnmuia In*. Inquisitive Oirl HS>. Fine
\rt V-'. silver l.m-am JOiJ. Handsome Florrj
99. Tiw? l^aily Hohefla lot, Mlmo:i 94, t^hort
lakp &4. Pirouette '.M, ThiMie Heather 104.
Fifth race, one and an eighth milts, selling
— Vounx Henry US. ll:phland>r 100. The Rival
103. Trib«*« IU1I 111. 105. t^etauket
Kit. All Uold i"C. Khilal If, 1 *. Eml»arrai=Bm.»nt
:iT, Kinc Carter 1<«>. Itoyal l'lrate 02. t'lr
rtjclie 107, Harrison !<*>, Thorn^ycroft 105,
MsM Richardson lOtf. Lord Turco 104.
jsxth r»i>\ a»-out fix furlongs, handicap—
IteliaMe 124. High Chancellor 113. Ahumada
112. Man-iie Worth 1<«>, Girdle 10j. I'ariFienne
1<:4. [nrtndble 104. Love Note 100, Sweet Alice
;<»¦. IITyrla '•". Mary Street ST. Athlana SO.
Three stakes to be run at Harlem Park
next week have proved interesting: events
in past years and seem likely to maintain
their reputation in that respect.
JCijrht pood stakes are to be run during
the Worth Jockey Club's fall meeting
that is to follow next week's racing at
Ff»jrtrm Park. The Worth track will open
j's bOGpitabto pates atjaln on Monday, Oc
tober 5. when the Flyaway handicap will
be run. Two stakes will be run each
week of the Worth meeting, ¦which will
last for four weeks, Saturday, October
SI, bcirg the closing day.
CHICAGO. Sept. 20.— Now that the
weather seems to have settled, racing en
thusiasts are likely to return to their fa
vorite sport with renewed eagerness, and,
.19 a number of interesting; events are
pending, the dally attendance at the local
tracks is not apt to show any falling off.
To-morrow's racing: will bring: the Sep
tember stakes at Hawthorne and a well
balanced handicap field of three-year
oicJp is carded, wish Judge Him**, lin
guist and McGee as the top weights. The
Judge is generally regarded as a doubt
ful starter, unless rain should fall.
The time maue on Saturday by MeGee,
Toledo and Orfoo Fhow that the Cicero
course has recovered great iy from the
effects of last week'? rainstorms, and,
v.-ith continued fair weather, the track
Ehould *¦>«" fast for the remainder of the
< bicago Jockey Club'ji fail meeting, which
will come to a close n^xt Saturday, when
ruclr.r, will cease at Hawthorne for this
Special Dispatch to The Call
Three-Year-Olds Will Meet
in a Handicap Feature
To-Day.
Stake Events Yet to Be
Decided on Chicago
Tracks.
RACING SEASON
NEARS THE END
THE ¦ SAN FKANCJSCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 21, 1903.
COURSING COMMITTEE STAKE IS UNFINISHED,
DARKNESS PREVENTING THE DECIDING COURSE
SPORTS OF THE RACE TRACK, THE DIAMOND AND THE FIELD
6PAST PRESIDENT OF THE
SHELL MOUND PISTOL AND
RIFLE CLUB.
POTTSVII^LE. Pa., Sept. 20. — Two men wera
killed in a freight wreck on the Monongahela
Railroad at Brtdceport to-day: They were:
Samuel Miller, flagman, of Unlontown; William
Oately, brakeman. of Monongahela.
MONTEREY. Mexico. *»*pt. 20. — General 'W'.
D. Snyman. one of the leaders of the. Boer
army during the recent war, has moved his
entire family to the colony sit» purchased near
Ortiz station, on the Mexican Central, and an
nounces that fifty families are on the way from
South Africa to Join him.
O'Neill Is Hit Hard Throughout the
First Contest and Receives
Poor Support.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
ST. LOUIS, Sept.* 20.— St. Louis lost both
games of a double-header here to-day to Bos
ton. Mike O'Neill, the Cardinal twlrler. was
hit hard throughout and was poorly supported
Jn the Held. lloran. a Texas youth, essayed
to pitch the second game and he gave as raw
an exhibition as was ever charged up to a
major league recruit, giving ten free pas»«»
to first base. Attendance. 10,200. Score:
First game — H- H- *;
St. Louis % \\ \
Boston T 10 O
Batteries— M. O'Neill and J. O'Neill; Carney
and Moron.
Second game — H- H. E.
Pt. touli 3 » : *
Itoston » » l
Batteries — C. Moran and Coveney; Malaxkey
and P. Moran. Umpires — Moran and John
stone.
CINCINNATI. Sept. 20.— The Cincinnati*
again broke even with the I'hlladelphias to
day Cincinnati played a loose gam* In both
contests Corcoran b»Inc re«!>on»lble for mcrt
of the run* of the visitors In the flrst game.
It was agreed between the teams that th*
second game shotild be called In the seventh
Innln*. Attendance. 13,500. Score:
First game — R. H- E.
Cincinnati * » »
Philadelphia » « l
Batteries— Hahn and Kohl; Mitchell and
Dooln.
Second game— R- H. E.
Cincinnati *<> M *
Philadelphia » •»
Batteries — Ewlng and Peltz; Fraier and
Roth. Umpires — Hurst and O'Day.
CHICAGO, 8ept. 20.— New York'* play to
day outclassed that of the locals In every de
partment of the game. McOlnnlty was Invin
cible excepting in one Inning, when half of
the hits were made off him and scored Chi
cogo'a only runs. Attendance. 25.900. Score:
R. H. E-
Chicago 2 8 4
New York 6 11 3
Batteries— Taylor and Kling; MoGlanlty and
¦Warner. Umpire — Emslle.
ST. IX5TJIS LOSES TWO
GAMES TO THE BOSTONS
The natural way for Rex to get out was
to retreat through the same door he went
In, but Instead he gave one bound and
leaped through an open window. Pro
fessor Lawson was astonished at this
and hurried to the window, expecting to
see the dog a mangled corpse below. Rex
was still alive, however, and standing on
the spot where he had landed. In a mo
ment he regained his equilibrium and
then looked knowingly up at the window
as if to estimate the distance of his
flight. When ne had satisfied himself in
this respect he walked to a lawn and
lay down, for the breath had been
knocked out of him. Afterward his mas
ter found marks in the macadamlz«<l
road made by the paws that had be«n
sunk deep by the force of the fall.
Rex is a valuable black hound, marked
with white, the son of the great $10,000
dog, Kmin Pasha, and the dam. Pet Cur
by. He is simply the pet of his master
and has been in a few puppy class cours
ing matches since his life began, twenty
six months ago.
Rex was not a bit vain about his ac
complishment either, for there was only
one spectator— Professor A. C. Lawson et
the university. Professor Lawton'i of
fice is a room on the second floor of South
Hall, forty feet above ground, a high base
ment and first floor Intervening.
While Professor Lawson was at work yes
terday mornlns Rex. whose master was
taking a lecture in geology In another
room on the same floor, wandered into his
presence and offered to kiss him, but Pro
fessor Lawson was annoyed at the In
trusion and shouted impatiently, "Get out
of here!"
A leap of forty feet and not even
scratched— that is the exploit that was
performed yesterday by Rex, a blue
blooded greyhound belonging to Frank
Mulgrew, a student at the University of
California. The dog jumped from a sec
ond-story window of South Hall, landed
right side up and then walked off as If
it had been practicing that sort of thin*
all ita life.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, Sept 20.
Bolts at Harsh Words With
out Stopping to E3timata
Distanc3.
Greyhound Jumps Prom
High Window and
Lives.
DOG LEAPS FORTY
FEET TO GROUND
CHICO, Sept. 20.— Frank M. Pierce, a
recent ; arrival from Reno, Nev., and a
man qf family* dropped dead at an early
hour this morning while leaving a hall
where he bad been enjoying a social
dance.' . I i-.'-'z. '-¦
Drops Dead After a Dance.
Here is an estimate of the average age
attained by men in various European
countries: Norway and Sweden head the
list with fifty years. Then come England
with forty-five and a half yeais. Franco
forty-four and a half, Prussia thirty -ntnu
Wurttemberg thirty-eight, Bavaria and"
other parts of Germany thirty-six. In
Austria and Spain the inhabitants have
the shortest livea, the average ago being
only thirty-three.— New York Commercial.
Average Ages in Europe.
Those unfamiliar with the differences
in the construction of ships made for war
and peace may wonder that the speed of
13.1 knots an hour maintained by the
Kearsarge is a cause for jubilation, when
passenger steamers make more than 20
knots. The passenger ship being built
for speed is given length ten times her
beam measurement, while in the floating
battery the proportion is but five to one.
The "liner" uses 25,000 to 37,000 horsepow
er, while the Kearsarge used but 6500.—
Exchange.
The Kearsarge's Trip.
With solemn service the new German
Lutheran Church, Seventeenth . avenue
and East Flftenth street, was dedicated
this afternoon' at 3 o'clock to the uses
and purposes of divine worship. Assist
ing the Rev. Theodore Backus, the pas
tor, who conducted the exercises, were
prominent German Lutheran clergymen
from the churches In the bay cities. The
music, a feature of the services, was un
der direction of Professor Reocher.
After the dedicatory ceremonies the
Rev. J. H. Thelss, pastor of St. Mark's
German Lutheran Church of this city, de
livered an address. The Rev. Dr. Schroe
der, pastor of St. John's Church of San
Francisco, took part In the services.
During the evening services the Rev.
Dr. Bernthal officiated. He was assisted
by the Rev. J. H. Wltte of Alameda.
The church elders are M. Schramm, E.
Hagest, H. turn Suden, A. Richter and
A- Zltlau. These ¦ members were active
in the work that has culminated ¦ in the
erectionr of the new house of worship. The
church cost about 55OO0. / .
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Sept. 20.
San Francisco County— H. B. Richardson, H,
Roberts li, H. Wllkes, B. Kortlang, E. Peter
son. P. Jo»ns, E. O. Sloman. T. J. A. Ttede
mann J. Plxon, W. B. Stewart and R. Corbett.
~ Alameda— Rlehter. Btall, B. Bird. Seebeck.
McNaughton, Croll. Ward Jr., Brown, Hamil
ton. Banner and Von Tagen.
The San Francisco County Cricket Club
administered a cruehinj? defeat to the
Alameda eleven yesterday on the Ala
meda grounds. The score was 210 to 81.
E. H. Wllkea was the principal contribu
tor to the San Francisco County Club's
score making 83 runs. B. Kortlang con
tributed 48 and H. B. Richardson 28. Stall
scored 24 for Alameda and B. Bird 20.
Six of the San Francisco men did not bat.
The teams were made up of the following
players: .'¦-}.'
San Francisco County Team Scores
Two Hundred and Ten Buns
to Eighty-One. '
ALAMEDA CRICKET ELEVEN
IS BEATEN DECISIVELY
German Lutherans At
tend Solemn Cere
monial.
ALAMEDA, Sept. 20.— "Practical Broth
erhood in New Zealand" is the subject of
an address to be delivered before the Uni
tarian Club Wednesday night by the Rev.
Benjamin Fay Mills. Vocal . selections
will be rendered by J. A. Owens, tenor,
and Clement Rowlands, barytone.
Unitarian Club Events.
.The officers of the union are as follows:
President, Mrs. M. B. Pelton, Oakland
vice president at large, ¦ Mrs. S. M. M.
Woodman, San Leandro; corresponding
secretary, Mrs. Frank Lee, Oakland; re
cording secretary, Mrs. Aca Hiller, Ala
meda; treasurer, Mrs. G. M. Kimball,
Oakland; auditor, Mrs. M. H. Cartwrlght,
Berkeley.
An interesting programme has been ar
ranged and a matron's mortal contest will
take place Tuesday evening.
ALAMEDA, Sept. 20.— The annual con
vention of the Woman's Christian Tern-
perance Union will be held in this city on
Tuesday and Wednesday at the First
Methodist Church, corner of Central ave
nue and Park street.
The Woman's Christian Temperance
Union Will Hold Its Annual
Meeting in Alameda.
ANTI-LIQUOR WORKERS
TO HOLD*" CONVENTION
CITY OF MEXICO. Sept. 20. — Qr*at satis
faction is felt here over the news of the suc
cessful result of the visit to Europe of the
Mexican monetary commissioners, and it is
believed that when Minister Llmantour shall
have returned to this country from France a
measure will be submitted to Congress stabil
izing silver money.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, Sept. 20. — Charles D.
Wilson, manager of the "Ward & Vokes Com
j>any was married to-day to Ml«s Dorothy M.
Bird a member of the company. Wilson's
home is in Seattle and Mrs. Wilson Is a Bos
ton girl.
FB.EIGHT TRAIN IS WRECKED
* IN WEST OAKLAND YABD
Carload of Hogis Upset Because of
Bad Frog cr Light
Bails.
OAKLAND. Sept. 20.— Sacramento extra
freight train No. 219 was wrecked this
morning in the West Oakland yards, the
engine and three cars jumping the track
and tearing up several hundred feet of
the roadbed. When the engine, a big
compound, left the rails Engineer White
and Fireman Markham jumped from the
cab to save themselves. The locomotive
plowed ovtr the ties and careened, but
did not capsize, though it twisted the ten
der across the rails and upset the first
three cars, one of which was loaded with
hogs. Too light rails for the weight of
the train or a defective frog are the rail
road men's r« aeons for the accident.
DOCTOB DIMMICK WILL
BE BURIED MONDAY
Remains of the Young Dentist Will
Be Interred at Mountain View
Cemetery.
OAKLAND. Sept. 20.— The funeral of
Dr. Edwin F. H. Dimmick, who died
while insane in Moraga Valley, Contra
Costa County, will take place to-morrow
from his late residence, 1O6H4 Willow
street, at 2 p. m. The interment will be at
Mountain View Cemetery.
The inquest will be held Monday at
Martinez.
B. J. Osborne Passes Away.
ALAMEDA. Sept. 20.— Benjamin J. Os
borne, a brother of Mrs. George H. Payne
and for seventeen years a resident of this
city, died this morning at the Alameda
Sanitarium. He\ was a native of New
Hampshire, aged 59 years.
KANSAS CITY. Sept. 20. — Despondent over
the loss of $3500 In the June flood. Henry Mock
ley, former proprietor of the Riverside Pack
ing-house, committed suicide to-day. •
WILL C0NSIDEB CITY'S
ESTIMATED EXPENSES
Alaxneda Trustees Are to Talk of
Funds Needed and Not of the
Franchises.
ALAMEDA, £ept. 20.— Estimates of the
funds required to run the various mu
nicipal departments for the ensuing fiscal
yfir will he considered by the City Trus
tees at their regular meeting to-morrow
night. There will be no discussion of the
railroad franchises, as the municipal leg
islators decided at their last session that
they would not again take up that matter
until after the Superior Court has ren
dered an opinion as to the validity of the
locaJ referendum ordinance and vacated
the writ of mandate now in force against
the City Truste.es. The writ will be heard
Friday before Judge W. E. Greene.
Union Gun Club, 25-blrd match— Hoyt 22.
Walnert 15 Ktncannon 18, Patrick 13, Knick
14 sfade 22. Jansen 18, Daniels 23. Leary 16.
r Sylvester 10, Hutton 17, Fish 19, Lidstone
1« F Feudner 21. Q. Sylvester 23. Iverson 21.
Kauman 22 Shurtllff 15. Lewis 12. Fuller 10.
W Hansen 15, Gordon 10. Plsani 19 H. Kleve
sahl 14 Westphall 18, Pratt 10. VVallam 13.
i^Pbert 16 Walsh 14, P. Flnnochlo 16. Shreve
9 Burns i 14 Masterson 15, Herring 11, Barber
ft Muller 19 E. Klevesahl 19. W. Robertson 23.
club handicap medal match. 25 to 30 birds
fr^ni 10-yard mark-Leary 17. Fish 17. Wal-
SSlM Hutton 18, Jansen 21. Klncannon 20.
r Sylvester 2«. Patrick 10, Lldstone 14. Knick
?ft iverson (18 yards) 22. Daniels (18 yards)
?« Gordon (18 yards) 17, Hoyi (18 yards) 1«.
L^VU (18 yards) 17. P. Flnnochlo (18 yards)
«f Kauman 17. Fuller 16. George Sylvester
10, mum i i«. Herring 17. Plsani 16, Lle
£!;. n" Wallam 17. Walsh 15, Westphall 20,
Barber 16 jfurns 16. Muller (18 yards) 16,
R °Ea° n money shoot. 18 yards rise, handicap
™ hirdB 20 being possible— Kincannon shot at
°3 scored 20; GordSn shot at 2:$ -cored 19; E.
Klevesahl ehot at 23. scored 16; W. Hansen
«hot"t 2b" scored 19; Patrick shot at 25.
scored 18: Lldston. shot at 24. scored 19; Fish
.hot at 2 « scored 20; Hoyt shot at 21. scored
?8° Finnochlo shot at 24. scored 20; Hutton
¦hot at 23, Bcored 18; Iverson shot at 21.
scored 20; F. Feudner shot at 22. scored 20;
C Svlves er shot at 21. scored 18; Burns shot
«; "4 scored 13; G. Bylvester shot at 21.
" JJ 1 16 - Knick shot at 25. scored 19; Nau
ln nhot'at M "cored lfl; Daniels shot at 20.
Scored 18: WalPert shot at 23. scored 13; , Rob ¦
"nson snot at 22. scored 10; Masterson shot at
25 scored 18; King shot at 23. seored 22.
The Union Gun Club members met yes
terday at the Ingleside traps. Some good
Bcores were recorded. C. bylvester was
the winner of the first-class monthly
medal, with a score of 26 out of a possi
ble 80. C. S. Fish won the second class
monthly medal, with a score of 17 out of
a possible 27. The winner of the first
class medal for the year was M. J. Iver
son, who scored 21 out of 26. F. Herring
won the second class medal, scoring 25
out of 30. Dr. J. A. Huttoa of Berkeley
won a special 100-bird match, the scores
being Dr. Hutton 92, Barber 90 and Wal
lam 80. The complete scores fo'low:
Special Hundred-Bird Match. Won by
I>r. Hutton With Score of
Ninety-Two.
UNION GUN CLUB MEN
MEET AT INGLESIDE TRAPS
The principals in the case are aged per
sons. Dunton is 75, Barnes 72 and his
wife 71 years of age. Dunton has been
a boarder in the family for several years,
although he has near relatives, includ
ing a son, living.
Mrs. Barnes is rapidly recovering from
the effects of the assault, but the doctors
give no hope of saving Dunton's life.
EAST SULLIVAN, N. H., Sept. 20.—
Malachi Barnes is confined in the County
Jail on suspicion that it was he who yes
terday beat Mrs. Barnes and Asabel Dun
ton, an old man who lived with the
Barnes family. Dunton is still uncon
scious from his injuries. The fact devel
oped to-day that there had been frequent
quarrels between Barnes and Dunton, the
former being jealous of the latter.
Mrs. Barnes first gave Sheriff Tuttle to
understand that the house had been visit
ed by a tramp who committed the dou
ble assault. To-day, however, she made
a formal statement to the Sheriff, which
the latter said justified him in taking
Barnes into custody. Afterward the
Sheriff went to the Barnes house and in
the yard discovered what is believed to
have been the weapon with which the
bloody work was done— a bark peeler
having a blade two faet in length and a
wooden handle of the same length. On
the blade of the bark peeler were blood
stains and human hair. He discovered
absolutely no evidence of a tramp hav
ing been in the vicinity last night or
yesterday.
Oakland, Office San Francisco Call.
«j«,lll& Broadway. Sept. 20.
Charles Allman, a switchman in the
employ of the Southern Pacific Company,
was almost instantly killed at S:30 o'clock
this morning in the West Oakland yards
by falling from a box car.
Allman was riding on a car on the
rear end of the train, which wirs back-
Ing up to couple on to other cars.
He evidently did not know that the cars
were coming bo close together and was
thus unprepared for the Jolt. He lost his
balance and fell headlor.g from the high
car. striking his head upon a rail.
When his fellow trainmen rushed to his
aid Allman was unconscious and bleeding
profusely. The ambulance was summoned
and the injured man conveyed to the Re
ceiving Hospital. He never regained con
sciousness and passed^iway at noon from
hemorrhage of the brain.
Allman leaves a young bride of five
months. He was 27 years of age, a native
of Indiana and resided at 1366 Twelfth
street. West Oakland.
DEDICATE NEW
HOUSE OF GOD
The Sheriff said:
De Bray came to the conclusion that his em
ployer was rich and that he could force him
to yield. I am satisfied that he act the flre,
and falling, worked out the scheme of the pis
tol shooting and the threatening letter. D«
Bray is an educated man and clever enough to
have given us a great deal of effort to uncover
the truth. Hi» confession is complete so far
as his admissions about the letter writing are
concerned, and that is the material thing in
the case. He will plead guilty to-morrow be
fore the Superior Court.
Mlntzner offered $2000 reward for the ar
rest and conviction of the incendiary,
and, according to Sheriff Veale,. the Rich
mond capitalist is satisfied that De Bray
is the man.
Although De Bray denies that he set
the lire or discharged the pistol. Sheriff
Veale is satisfied that his prisoner was
guilty of both crimes, as well as the one
which he has confessed.
A trap was set at night, but owing to
fog the seeker for the money was not
caught until later. The nlgnt the letter
was left a pistol ehot was fired into the
house, and a month before that occur
rence an attempt was made to burn the
Mintzner residence.
Pierre de Bray, the young French
house servant arrested two months ago
on a charg'e of attempted extortion from
William Mlntzner, the manager of the
Tewksbury estate at Richmond, made
confession to-day to Sheriff Veale of Con
tra Costa County at the County Jail in
Martinez. De Bray's confession was made
through Max Blum, a Martinez merchant,
acting as interpreter, who assisted the
Sheriff and Constable John E. Bouquet
of San Pablo in the long effort to un
cover the mystery- De Bray made his
statement in writing. As well, he ¦wrote a
letter to his former employers, Mr. and
Mrs. Mintzner, acknowledging that he
had written the letter in which he threat
ened to kill the Mlntzner family unless
the head of the family produced $3000. The
letter notified Mintzner to put tne money
at a designated place on the residence
grounds, which are in the foothills east
of Richmond.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1113 Broadway, Sept. 20.
Tickets for thr Greek play, "The Birds,"
will be distributed ta students upon applica
tion to the dramatic festival committee. The
members of the Affiliated Colleges may obtain
blank applications from the deans of their re
spective colleges and the alumni from Frank
Otl«, Mills building; Walter Brann, Claus
Snreckels building; W. E. Creed. 124 Sansome
street, or Warren CMney Jr.. 101 Sansome
street, all of San Francisco. The tickets for
"Twelfth Night"' and "Phedr*" will be sold at
75 cents and SO cents, or at $1 25 and 75 cents
for reserved seats for the two performances.
These will be on sale on and after Tuesday
next at the Co-operative store, Berkeley; Smith
Brothers, Oakland; Paul Elder's, San Frinclaco,
or may be ordered from the secretary of the
dramatic festival committee.
G. R. Noy«s. instructor in English and Slavic
philology, entertained the members of his
clauses Friday evening at his home. 2545 Manoa
avenue. Mrs. Noyes assisted.
EEPKELEY. Sept. 20. — Mervyn Samuels,
mariner for the 1005 Blue and Gold, has ap
pointed the following named to his staff of
assistants: Harry Pond. William C. Critten
den. Stuart Ilawlpy, Gus Rlngolsky, Clarence
Shuey, N. N. Eddy, Carleton Baker, Norman
Stines, Frank Shay, Miss May Knight, Miss
N. C. Day, Miss Mary Durand, Mis* F. E. de
Camp, Misa Flora FYlckstad, Miss A. A.
Lnnn, Miss Grace Jarrla and Miss E. E.
Nichols.
Floor— Sergeant M. H. Weed, Captain
C. L. E. Wenk, R. A. Dodson, First Lieu
tenant R. Faneuf, J. W. Merchant, Andy
Everson, Roy Shay, H. M. Howard and
L. Desemonc
OAKLAND, Sept. 20.— Dirigb Company
No. 57, Uniformed Rank, Knights of
Pythias, will give a dance Friday evening,
October 2, at Armory Hall, 419 Twelfth
street. The committees are as follows:
Arrangements— Sergeant Mortimer H.
Weed, Sergeant M. Bock, F. Larmer, G.
E. Henderson and O. Melnecke.
Reception— First Sergeant C. H. Allen,
Carl Wood, Second Lieutenant H. Huber,
W. D. Russell. J. E. Taylor, R. D. Holmes
and O. B. Frlsbie.
Pythians "Will Dance.
Acknowledges Writing
Letter to Mintzners
Demanding Coin.
Switchman Charles All
man Loses His
Life.
Trio of Septuagenarians
Involved in a Love
Tragedy.
JEALOUSY STIRS
AGED HUSBAND
Booth "Will Be Aided by
Ladies.
OAKLAND. Sept. 20.-A whist tourna
ment for the benefit of the floral booth
of the St. Francis de SaJes fair will be
held next Thursday evening at St. Fran
«Ms de Sales Hail, corner of Grove and
Jones streets.
The tournament will be given under the
r^iwrvi^on of Mrs. V. Liiienthal. pre»i-'
r.ent of the booth; Mrs. P. Kisich, vice
president; May Feneran and Ruth Pur
cell. Ten valuable prizes will be given
the winners.
The scorers will be Misse3 Stella and
Kva Slavich. May Feneran and Ruth Pur
ccll. The reception committee will com
prise the following: Mrs. J. Slavich, Mrs.
F. Prindle. Mrs. J. Kisich and Mrs. T.
Lilienthal.
St. Frances De Sales Fair Floral
LADIES TO HOLD WHIST
T0UBNA3SENT BENEFIT
PIERRE DE BRAY
CONFESSES CRIME
Dr. Young was married at his home in
Yates County, New York, September 18,
1S53. He was born In Jerusalem, Yates
County, January 13, 1828, and is therefore
past 75 years of age. His wife, who was
Eleanor Bell of that town, is two years
her venerable spouse's junior. Seven
menths before his marriage Dr. Young
was graduated from the Syracuse Medi
cal College and he followed the practice
FALLS TO DEATH
FROM BOX CAR
OAKLAND, Sept. 20.— The golden
wedding anniversary of Dr. Ed
mund Young, a retired physician,
and Mrs. Eleanor Young was cel
ebrated to-day at their home.
East Twentieth street and Twenty-fifth
avenue, Fruitvale, with a large reception
in honor of the aged couple and a family
reunion, at which the five children wcra.
present.
of his profession at his home for twenty
two years, corning to California in 1865.
Since 18S2 the' couple have resided at
Fruitvale with three of their children,
Seward Young, Mrs. Nellie " T. Eason and
Justice, Young. The other children who
attended the golden wedding festival to
day were Mrs. M. A. Murphy of Los An
geles and Austin Young, postmaster at
Randsburg. There is one grandchild, Ed
mund Young, a son of Austin Young.
The present officers of the club are:
President, A. M. Poulsen; vice president,
F. O. Schullerts: treasurer, W. A. Paul
son; secretary. W. A. Slebe: trustees — B.
Schullerts, G. Hughes and C. E. Lufkin;
Ehooting masters — B. Schullerts, "W. Guild,
L. Murphy, O. Poulsen, G. Hughes and A.
Ramm.
UNIVERSITY EVENTS.
The committees in charge of the ball
are as follows: Floor— A. M. Poulsen. H.
Bortfeld and A. Bearwald. Reception— G.
Hughes and F. Schullerts. Arrangements
—A. M. Poulsen, H. Bortfeld, A. Bear
wald, G. Hughes and F. Schullerts.
O OAKLAND, Sept. 20.— The Shell
Mound Pistol and Rifle Club of
this City will hold its first anni
versary ball in Maple Hall on
Tuesday evening, September 22.
The club was organized about two years
ago and now has a large membership.
Much of its prosperity is due to the un
tiring work of Past President Ludwlg
Siebe Jr.
VENERABLE RESIDENTS OF ALAMEDA COUNTY WHO CELEBRATED THE FIFTIETH ANNIVERSARY OF
THEIR WEDDING AT THEIR HOME IN FRUITVALE YESTERDAY, MANY RELATIVES AND FRIENDS
DICING PRESENT TO OFFER THEIR WARM CONGRATULATIONS.
Shell Mound Pistol and Rifle
Club WiO Hold First An
niversary in Maple Hall
We would not have strurk the wire mesh
fenef if the campers »f nwl had not directed
us toward it. When we reached the fern.* I
It and h* was at careful as he could he. It
was simp 1 }' ¦ case cf hard luck. The hammer*
(¦¦imply caught in the wire mesh and wer«
caused to ftll when hi* vc!gbt released it. I
r:i<i not think th* boy was badly hurt nt first.
rml mhen I returned with aid I was Furpristd
ta i*TiA him doad.
An inquest will be held Tuesday morning
at 11 o'clock at the Kern's ranch by Coro
ner Curry.
Longuvj'.l* g^ve his version cf the acci
dental shooting of Tweedy to Coroner
Curry, who made no arr«»st. but summoned
him as d. witness for the inquest. Longu
ville said:
Tweedy was an employe of the Sunset
T>l*ephcn<? Company in San Francisco,
having had charge of the telephone sta
tions at the ferry depot. He was a native
«f San Francisco, and the son of Mr. nnd
-.Zi s. J. J. Tweed*'.
The phot tore two great holes in the
>•]>•¦« neck and he fell to the ground.
I>irgTJville hurried oft* to eet assistance
from some campers they had met but by
the time they reached Tweedy's side he
was dead. Coroner Curry of Contra
Costa County was notified, and late
this evening the body was brought to the
Berkeley morgue, whre Tweedy's father,
who had be<?n Fumn^r.iv], mot It.
BERKELEY. Sept. 20. — Clarence
Tweedy, ii years of age, and who lived
with his patents at 72 Plc:i?ant street.
£an Francisto, was accidentally phot and
killed this afternoon on the- Kerns ranch
in Contra Costa County. While attempt
ing to climb a ft i:ce both hummers of the
shotgun he hml carried were pressed
backward, :tt:-l an instant later the shot
from two cartr:dfcj«s was discharged in his
neck, killing him aimest instantly.
Tweedy w:t.< not killed in the usual
manner of rr.rn who pull guns through
fences but un a most imfuriunate way
after lie had usrd mote than ordinary
care. With I:is oorrmur.ion, Joseph Lor.gu
vllle of 6 Loroy Place, San Francisco, he
reached a wire me*b ine* on his way
home after a hur.tlr.c trip at 1 o'clock
this afternoon. Longuvilie, who had a
rifle, pushed his gun beneath the fvnee
«nd got over in safety. But Tweedy first
I>ut his gun over the top of the fence,
leaning it acainst the mesh, and then
¦fctgan climbing over. In mounting his
veipht pressed the wifs against the ham
»u»rs and lifted them fcarkward and whtn
xhe pressure was released they fell.
By the exercise of vigilance Patrolmen
C. W. Brown and A. F. Holmeq succeed
ed in landing a trio of supposed burglars
last night . and recovering a portion of
booty stolen from the establishment of
the Pacific States Type Foundry at 503
Clay 6treet.
' The men in custody gave the names of
William Jones, William C. r-hillips and
Leslie E. Dennison and the police believe
they are the crooks that have been suc
cessfully operating in the wholesale dis
trict for some time past.
Shortly after 9 o'clock last evening,
while the officers were standing at the
patrol box. at \he corner of Clay and
Montgomery streets, awaiting the arriv
al of the patrol wagon to convey two
prisoners to the Hall of Justice, their at
tention was attracted by the peculiar ac
tion of two men coming up Clay street.
As soon as they saw the officers they
halted and started toward the opposite
side of the street. Their general appear
ance was bad and Patrolmen Brown and
Holmes having placed their prisoners in
the wagon, started after the two sus
pects. Upon being overhauled the men
protested that they had not been guilty
of any wrong, but a search of their pock
ets brought to light six fonts of type and
a large quantity of valuable printers'
tools. The packages of type bore the
label of the Pacific States Type Foundry
and after having booked their , prisoners
at the City Prison the officers paid a vis
it to the type foundry.
An investigation developed the fact that
the lock had been broken oft and the
front door and an Inside glass door had
also been forced. The manager of the es
tablishment was notified, but it will be
impossible to determine without taking
stock whether or not the type and tools
found on Jones and Phillips represent all
of the plunder secured. After consider
able work the officers succeeded in locat
ing the room occupied by Phillips at 519
Montgomery street. Dennison was found
in the apartment and taken into custody.
From a card of the San Francisco Type
Founders' Union found on Phillips it was
ascertained that his right name is Wil
liam Davis. A copy of the New Testa
ment discovered in his room bears his
name on the flyleaf, the book having been
Ktven to him by the Penlel Mission. Noth
ing is known of the antecedents o,f the
men in custody and an examination of the
pictures in the rogues' gallery will be
made In an endeavor to find if they have
eervpd time or are wanted in some other
city. It is understood that Phillips, alias
Davis, applied for work at the type foun
dry several days ago and it is thought
that he familiarized himself with the in
terior arrangement of the place at that
i time.
Meets Death in Climbing a
Fcec-, Though Using
Care.
Officers Think They Have Men
Who, Robbed the Type
Foundry.
»
Clarence Tweedy Acci
dentally Slain by His
Own Weapon.
Quantity of Type Is
Pound in Their Pos
session.
GUN'S DISCHARGE
KILLS A YOUTH
POLICE ARREST
THREE SUSPECTS
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, MONDAY. SEPTE3IBER 21, 1903.
GRAND BALL
TO BE GIVEN
BY MARKSMEN
Doctor and Mrs. Edmund Young Celebrate Their Golden Wedding
Anniversary at Their Pleasant Home in Fruitvale, Cal.,
in the Presence of Many Relatives and Invited Guests
HALF CENTURY FROM ALTAR
LOVE'S PLEDGE IS RENEWED
7
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
" Better a small fish
than an empty dish."
And better yet the fish, no
matter how prepared, when
ma( k delicate in flavor and
ff^*A ® JL \ delicious to the appetite by
®J$*tV $a) addinp; a teaspoonful of the
\ xSjjSiP^ famous
THE ORIGINAL WORCESTERSHIRE.
Add it to oyster stews, soups, salads, chops, pot-au-feu,
meats hot or cold, game, rarebit, macaroni, etc.
s ' JOHN DUNCAN'S SONS, Agents, NEW YORK.
Sample Line of jgb
on Special Sale SSKplli
A large line of bath robes §>U AtI 1^-v W^y/
used by a commercial traveler / sa£^'/»yO*?HSs£/
has 'been purchased by us -at /^""SCTjWTOgv^jgflgar
half price. The j?arments were J yi^??^*^~^j^L
made by tIA best manufacturer r^v^V'S fi^^iVi.
of this line of goods in the Iprl ' [ \'V \W^t\
As you know, sample lines \% [¦ \ Kv. r ,. \ IttjAwv S»8»
are always made up better than MM* v''^»V- r ull?ftulL\^^
regular goods. These garments rv/ft^'"''- 1 : i 1 " *"' H%Vft8ftV\«
are elegantly finished from ex- I vJiM^i * ' >M'^fMvi\
cellent quality all-wool eider- i . IA ¥$*f Os ' »®i^\lsK%A
down and flannel. They are /\v ( . AWm? tT*\
made as well as human hands li \\wS^ N W - MVK V H
can make them. They are first ftyJ \ j^ -vWWw Wl
class in material, workmanship JI'VO I Ui vy / T»Pjfr "^1
and in every way. We pur- /\Sflp\\\ *^ 2fi WnmjL. \
chased 150 and in the assort- fcSf V^L\^ \ -J$*6V7%&\
ment there are no two alike. /^^ v^vS^ c
Sizes 36 to 44. They are worth { .^(^^^^J&SaB&S!^
$10.00 to $15.00 a garment. The feSi! ""^""""^^il? 5i
Use. bo each
They are on display in our Jb^ "Jjj *$1 1 ! |1
Out-of-town orders filled — I v^^^^^^%^^^3
740 Market St.THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 21, 1903.
8
SAX FRASCISCO CALL.
DUSINEES OFFICE o? the San Francisco
Z»U. comer Market and Third streets; open
until 12 c'ciock every night In the year.
nnANCK OmCKS— 627 Montccmery street,
icrnrr dstfrj orer. until 0:30 p. m.
S~)0 Ilayrc etrect; open ur.tll 9:30 p. m.
«J?3 McAllister street; open until 0:30 p. m.
CIS Lftrk'.n irtreet; open until 9:20 p. m.
194 i M lesion street; cpen until 10 i>. m.
2ifl Market etreet. corner Sixteenth: open
Brit'.I S» p. m.
1C« K'.eventh street; open until 9 p. m.
ITOC Valencia street; cpen until 9 p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets;
eper. until 9 p. m.
Kstttottt comer of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky street*; open until 9 p. m.
2200 Flllmore ttrwl: open until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
ASYLUM of Golden Gp.te Commandery
No. lti. K. T.. C*J5 Sutter st. — Stated ffF
ef»*mbly THUS EVK.VIXG at 8 ByS
o'clock. Order of Red Cross. All fra-
ter* are courteously invited. By or-
der of the Commander.
THEO FROLICH. Recorder.
BAN Francisco Cha;.t«r No. 1. Rcyal «
Arch Masons, ii.eets THIS EVE.N-VY
ING. Business. <l»-gr*>es five and six. /Tr\
II. G. PRINCE. Secretary-
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22, F. and A. »
M. -Called meeting THIS (MONDAY) W
EVENING at ":'M o'clock. Second de-/V\
crn>. By order of the V,*. M.
WALTER G. AXDERSOS'. Sec.
KINO Solomon's Lofige No. 260. F. and n
A M.. 1S.S» Flllmore «.— FirFt degree, yu>
THIS EVENING at 7:80 o'clock. AA
HARRY BAEHR. Sgcrfltary. ' *
MEMBERS r>f Oriental Encampment No. fit jg
r>7 I O O F.. ¦will assemble in hall^VX^
at'l o'clock r ra. MONDAY. Septem- /V
t>«r 21, to attend the. funeral of oui X X
Jate patriarch. R. R. KELLEY.
T. E. WILLIAMS. C. P.
A. HQVEY. R. S.
LAIREL Lodre No. 4. K. Of P. — J^Ss.
Official visit of Grand Chancellor
II. V SARGENT on MONDAY "gj?^
EVENING. September 21. Visitors jggp>i
welcome. J. S. LORD. C. C.
EARNEST ULMAN. K. R. S.
TO th» cfilcers and m»rab*r« i33rj**C^«— — Tv
< '. •*••> Ri^r-ers' jmo S:nf- JjijULk*
A. T. Association: You are hert-by notified
to attend the regular meuing; of this associ-
ation to h* held at our hall. 003 Front St..
to-night, MONDAY. September 21. at 7:30
"'clock. Huaiji^Ka of the greatest import-
une* to com' before thp aosociation. By or-
der of THOMAS F. BRYANT. President.
HENrtY JENI). Recording Secretary.
PACIFIC Jupiter Steel Co.— Informal meeting
WEDNESDAY. 23J. 8 p. m., 700 Broderick
ft., cor. Fulton.
THE California Etebrts Commission havine re- :
ceived applications to mine by hydraullo '
process from C. A. Peace, In Phelps Hill '.
tnise, near Washlnjrton. Nevala County.
Cal.. ira'.r.lr.c into Jefferson Creek, which
reaches South Tuba River: from Plumas
Mines Comrany. In Plumas mines, near
Qulncy. Plumac County. Cal.. draining; Into
Fquirrel Creek, which reaches North Fork of
Feather River; from Excelsior Hydraulic
Mlr'.ng Company, In Excelsior mine, near
Lowell Hill. Nevada County. Cal., draining;
Into North Fork Steep Hollow Creek, which i
reaches Feather River, elves notice that
meeting m-ill be held at room 96. Flood build-
ing, fan Francisco. Cal.. September 23, 1903,
at 1:30 o. m.
ACEMS WANTED.
BEGIN bus;n«E for yourself; etop working; fcr
we eiart you In profitable mail order
business at your home: pleasant wurk; Im-
mense profltf: unlimited possibilities; full in-
formation for ftamp. FRANKLIN-HOW-
ARD CO.. Itenver. «'o!o.
AT7OK.\EVS-AT-LAIV.
ADVICE FREE. ESTABLISHED 22 YEARS.
Divorcee a specialty. Private. Quick.
NO PAY I'NLESS SUCCESSFUL.
G W. HOWE. ATTORNEY AT LAW.
1122 Market et.. off.c«s 1. 2. 8. A and 5.
BEWARE OF KRAl'DS.
Any ere ran advertise, tut unless the adver-
tisement fays "'Attorney at Law" the party
advertising is r.ot a lawyer; don't be fuolea.
'.. : ADVICE FREE
COLUMBIAN LAV.' AGENCY
P.m. *5. !>!<• Market; tel. Red CIS; bad ten-
ants ejected t-pe^dily ani reasonably; collec-
tions attended to. attachments; corporations
organized; civi) ana criminal practice.
nOBT. W. KING, atty-at-law. Examiner bid.,
rra. Qt; »!! CIMI, damages, estates, wills,
attachments. <¦« Elections, etc.; consultation
free; no advance charges: call or write;
evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
ADVICE free — I will advance cost in meritori-
ous cases, divorces, prcoate and all other law
rases: no fee* in advance; open every even-
irg. J. M. THCRSTON. 81J» Market et. r. 31.
DIVORCE— Costs J12; quick, quiet; open even-
1r.pt. 927 Market st.. room 301.
L S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels brdg.. 927 Mar-
k*t El.; consultation free; no fees in advance.
AITXriN & A1TKEN. attorneys, re. 3OM0-11.
Ciunie bitfg.. 50.1 California gt. ; tel. Main 727.
ADVICE free: no charge unW? successful: all
law business. W. TV. Davtdscn. 027 Market.
ADVICE free; all rases: open evenings. M. L.
RYAN. S.V> Markr-t st.. cor. Stockton.
HIROS. DOGS. ETC.
TOL'NG talking parrots«.$5 each;G?rman singing
canaries. $2; we will try to please you; every-
t Y; Ing in cur line at right prices. 1546 Market.
nLSl.\Ea>3 CHASCES.
PETERSEN REALTY CO..
10S5 Market «t Phone Fo!som 351S.
Sells. bu>« and exchangee city and country
real estate, hotels. rooming-house*. flats,
restaurant*, bakeries groceries. etc ; in-
surance placed; loans made.
Quick^ sales and fair profits our motto.
A CHANCE of a lifetime; a 'ortune for 40 per-
foni>. 1 for each State; first month's receipts
ray* cost. Why don't I keep a good *M..c
rryself? Because I have the patent right to
mere territory than I can handle. Call or
p-Jdress K. PRICE, room 22. 39 1 Market et. ;
J_ to 9 p. m.; on gunday 1 to 5.
OYPTER-HOT.-SE. 126 Seventh St.; good bu-i-
r.esy; must be sold on account of' eickne;?.
FIIIST-CLAS=.< saloon with 4 rooms and 5
iea.se; chtaii rent. Box 1C!1. Call.
EWUATOR Roadhouse: good paying house-
. rtock. fixture*, furniture. 4 rooms; stable
fhea? rood cor. let. S3 ft. front; good p!ace
to make good money: this business will be
Eo.d *s cash, bal. on easy payments, on ac-
connt death. Take San Mateo cars, get off
cojnty line: only one fare; call to-day.
WANTED— Energetic man with several thou-
t-and dollars to take charge of moving picture
circuit; f.JOO to *5OO easily made monthly.
rartScuiar* Novelty Theater. Oakland.
ADVERTISER wants 5 men with $5000 each
to enlarge old established, highly profitable
wholesale business; over 10 per cent per an-
r.um guaranteed. Box 1783. Call offlce.
WILL ten cheap: a good restaurant; tint lo^a-
t:cr; cr lease: low rent; no reasonable offer
re.rused; mutt go Eatt; no agents. Box 1757
Ca!l cfSc*. '
*J7.'.--I_xiraor<Jlnary bargain; nee for yourself -
l«UWint. 23 chair?; clears $100 to $150 mo.'
. V.cgtem Realty Co., 1007>4 Market, room 1.
$4< •(•- P.ESTAURA.VT; half interest; on water
f front and the best there. D. McRAE FUR-
nXITCRg COJ t-TJ Mission st.
$".'0— BAKERY in Monterey; good tusinesa- 2
hcrfes. 2 wagons, all appliances for bakeir
Arply M. B. SMITH. Monterey. Cal.
lO-YTAR established butcher business for sale;
r*rty desirous of selling owing to other busl-
on hand. Apply 432 Third at.
tTOo ELT6 grocery and bar; low rent; good
trade; bargain. 368. Eleventh *•_
ESTABLISHED butcher shop in Western addi-
ticn Apply 525 Clay »t.
FOR »*le — Dyeing and cleaning works; will
teach party. 1121 Point Loboa ave.
FOR b'ALE — An Inside route on this paper.
Fcr particulars apply at office.
CLASSIFIED advertisement* and subscriptions
re->;ve<j at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
LODCIXG.HOt;SES VOU. SALE.
100 ROOMS; bouse for men; rent $140. ...$4000
TS rooms: south of Market: rent $100.. 2000
C4 room*; comer: part cash; bal. easy. 850
II rooms; rood Income; rent $20 350
21 rooms; water front; rent $40; lease.. 650
12*"' rocme; good lease: low rent 6SOO
T~ rms.: apajtment a; Western Add.; rent 2SO
Money loaned at 1 per cent.
Hotejg. roadhouses. flats. S to 100 rooms.- '
EITEL A CARROLL, 212 Kearny et
LODGIXG-HOUSE of 23 furnished rooms. 1
bath, kitchen: good location on Market et. ;
a!i new furnishings; no agents; sure to make
rrrne>., 1206 Turk st.
CHIROPODISTS.
DUNLAP FOOT IXSTTTUTB. 50 Geary— All
ailments of the feet cured; corns. bnnlona,etc
-^ CO LLKCTI OX OFF 1 ClflS.
BA^GHART & WETER,
Collector*.
No. 1170 Market et. • Room 37.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. US Jloatgcrr.ery. rooms 0-10; tel. 55 SO.
BBLP WA.1TED— MALE Com.
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
520— Sacramento si.— 520
Phone Main lltfl. Cor. Leidesdorff «t.
ASTORIA.
OREGON— Near Portland— FEE $1.
Fare S"!; 25 laborers; $51 and found.
25 rockmen, $59 and found, IS months* work.
. WILLITS— URIAH ROUTE— FREE FARE.
25 teamsters and laborers, $2 25; fee $1.
CASPAR— BIG TUNNEL— FREE FARE-
FEE $1.
5O teamsters, muckers and drillers.
BIG TUNNEL NEAR CITY— FREE FARE-
FEE $1—20 muckers, $£0; 20 drillers, $75.
MANUFACTURING CO.— STEADY JOB-
FEE $1. /
2O laborers, you'll suit. $2 10 to $2 40 day.
WAREHOUSE. ETC. — FEE $1 — 2O laborers,
handle and truck grain. S3 day.
BIG MINE— CHEAP FARE— 1*0 muckers,
$C7 50.
BIG MINE— SOUTH— PART FARE PAID—
25 laborers, experience not required. $60.
FOREMAN— MINE: — SEE BOSS HERE.
Private R. R. near city, 2O laborers. $2 25.
10 trackmen near city. $2 25 day.
NEW TUNNEL— HALF FARE— NORTH-
FEE ?1— 20 tunnelmen, $60 and found.
10 crosscut sawyers, north by rail. $3- fd.
50 miners all over State. |60 to ?90.
2 furnacemen. mine. $65.
20 lumber pliers, large lumber CO.. north, by
rail. $2 75 day; cheap fare.
ITALIANS-HUMBOLDT CO.—Pre« Fare.
60 Italians, work on railroad In woods,
strictly Italian camp. $35 and found.
S. P. R. R. Co.'s own work-FREE FARE-
FEE $1—200 section hands all over .the- State.
BUTTE CO.-CHIOO-See Bo .ss Here J To-day.
DIAMOND MATCH CO.'S W °-RK-FEE $1.
HALF FARE. HA. LF FARE
125 teamster., laborers, concrete men. rock-
men and drillers. «2 25 to »2 SOday. |
10 tunnelmen. new tunnel. $S2 oO-
50 laborers, trackmen, ballast •" d * ro ." men -
also spikers. $2 to $2 50 day— FEE $1.
• COAL MINERS-OREGON-FREE FARE.
20 coal miners. %l ton— OREGON.
3 raftsmen, lumber co.. $3 to $3 50 day.
R0O men. different Jobs, sawmills, yards and
woods all over the State.
"0 farmers and teamsters; call and see us to-
day; 500 fruit pickers "«'»« .^day^
dry yards, etc., in 7 counties; »ee us to-day.
Hanly man. private water wrtta n«r eity.
J.-0: 3 men. private Wmllies; coachman. S.
M. Co.: 3 cooks, waiters, dishwashers etc.
AT CALIFORNIA EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
59 Third 1 St., nn Call bldg.; phone Bush 406.
NEVADA-FREE FARE-NEVADA.
200 laborers. Southern Pacific s own worn,
new Job. $2 a day. $1« board.
We Ship Every Day— Free Fare.
40 section hands; all parts of California,
EUREKA. HUMBOLDT COUNTY.
Fare Advanced.
.1 lumber pliers. $35 a month and board.
5 laborers. $30 a month and board.
We Advance the Fare.
WOODSMEN.
2 timber fall<*s. feO a month and board.
2 buckcrs. $10 a month and board.
2 lookouts. $40 a month and board.
2 waterbucks, $40 a month and board.
OREGON— FARE ADVANCED.
5 ccal miners. 60-foot vein, $1 a ton; we ship
Monday and Tuesday.
THRESHING MACHINE CREW.
4 noedowns. $2 50 a day and board.
4 teamsters. $1 t'O a day and board.
6 pitchers. ?1 50 a day »nd board.
2 firFt-ctess cement finishers, country Job, *<"•
boss here. $5 a day: camp cook, rawmlll. $65
and board: camp waiter, same place. $:W) and
bo?rd; '1 house carpenters, country^ S hours,
*r, :*\
POY of 18 or 20 years to drive delivery wagon;
butcher; S10 week; milk wagon driver,
'country town. CALIFORNIA EMPLOY-
MENT AGENCY. 50 Third st.
r.. ( ?i3ER shop for sale; Commercial Hotel shop
in Stooltton. Particular*, apply J. M. HART. !
+E: Eest Ma'n St.. Stockton^ j
WANTED — ¦'! laborers: pick and shovel, lllh
ave. and N st. South; Kentucky-st. cars.
A UOY wanted: Is years old. DCCKELMAN
PROS.. 1C0 Ellis st.
ELEVATOR boy. 29 Stockton st.
BEDMAKER wanted. Park Hotel, 2tf*TUrk st.
BARBERS — Partner wanted In two chair bar-
ber shop. Inquire this office.
BARBERS— For saje. good pa£bg 2-chalr shop
with i.i- v ithout outfit. ch".ift|| 501 Castro st.
1 BAcTERS on coats wanted; steady work and
gcod pay for the right people. Apply S. N.
WOOD & CO.. U7 Geary st.
WANTED — A boy of 16 or 17 to learn pants
premising: union shop: union wages. Apply
yfi. N. WOOD & CO.. 27 Geary st.
WANTED — Pants finishers: union shop; union
wages. Apply S. N. WOOD & CO.. 27
Geary »t.
EXPERIENCED wrapper wanted. Apply S.
N. WOOD & CO.
WANTED — Young man from IS to 20 years of
age for office work; must ba first -class mathe-
matician and write a good, legible hand. Ap-
ply between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.*
WANTED — Thoroughly experienced domestic
salesman. Apply between 9 and 11 a. m. at
HALE BROS.'
TRY our men's nhoes. union made, at $1 and '
$1 50 pair; foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay
express or mail chgs.*41 Third st., Exam.bld.:
open evgs. until 10 o'clock, except Sundays.
WANTED — For the U. S. Marine Corps, able-
bodied, unmarried men. between 21 and 35;
gcod character; must speak, read and write
English: marines serve at sea on men-of-war
In all parts of the world, on land In our Isl-
and possessions, and at naval stations in the
United States. Apply at recruiting office. 40
Ellis St.. San Francisco. Cal.: 222% N. Main
St.. Los Angeles. Cal., and 401 K St., Sacra,
mento. Cal.
MANAGER for a cloak and suit department:
one who Is thoroughly familiar with the line,
both managing and buying; good salary to
right party; state age. experience and refer-
ences; all communications strictly confiden-
tial. Box 4323, Call office.
WANTED — Strong boy bcr department. Mu-
tual L. and L. Co.. Second and Bryant sts.;
Bryant-st. entrance.
WANTED — Boy about 16 years old for whole-
sale drug house. See MR. FEATHERSTON,
23 Second st.
WANTED — Educated man to learn our business
and take responsible position when qualified;
position permanent: salary $900: references
required. GEORGE L. SHUMAN & CO.. 64
Columbian building. ' - • • >
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House.
217 Third St.: 250 rooms; 25c to 50c per night.
MEN to learn "barber trade; only 8 weeks re-
quired: special offer thin month; catalogue
and full information mailed free. MOLER
' SYSTEM COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
WANTED — Two experienced markers and dis-
tributors. Fresno Steam Laundry. Fresno,
Cal. | •
GOOD 3-chalr barber shop for sale, cheap. Ad-
dress D. WHITE, 12 East San Fernando st..
£an Jose, Cal.
BARBER to take charge of shop for few weeks;
wages $18 per week. C. JORDAN, St. Helena.
WANTED— Rough carpenters and laborers. Ap-
ply room 14. 26 Montgomery st., San Fran-
cisco Construction Ccmpacy.
WANTED — Errand bovs. Apply HOLM &
NATHAN. 312 Market at. .. ~v
STRONG boy (IS) to help on wagon and around
horses. Box 4326. Call office.
WANTED — Energetic salesman for outside
work. THORNE &. CO.. 207 Montgomery st.
BAREER trade taught free at 647 Commercial
street.
DRUG clerk wanted. Apply box 4337, CaU of-
.fice.
BOOTBLACK — Oakland boy preferred: wages.
Oakland Pier Barber Shop.
ERRAND boy with eood recommendations.
. ROOERSON'S. 535 Valencia st.
YOUNG man to learn barber trade; paid whli«
learning. 611 Commercial at.
COATMAKERS wanted: $24 per week; steady
work all through the year. Apply 27 Geary.
PENSION atty. E. A. Bullls. room 40 Phelan
bldg. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Poat. Q.A.R.
MAN to do Janitor work for tuition In 8. T.
Barber School. 741 A Howard st.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart g^
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms, 35c night: reading roocs-
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1C98 Va-
lencia st. \
ALL slsen men's nhoes. slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET rour «hoe« half soleo" while waiting: 23c
t~ ?av. SM Miaainn »t.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
SPiniTCALISM. J
ARRIVED— PROF. FRED P. EVANS, the fa-
mous psychic; stamp for circular. s 1112 Eddy
tt.. near Octavla.
EDWARD EARLE. 1032 Ellis, readings daily.
0:30 to 4; seances Sunday and Thursday.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
ATTENTION— ~?1 51 $1 $1 $1
My regular S3 readings this week for
$1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1
PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE,
The first registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist ever in San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree'and guarantee to
make no charge if I fail to tell your name, oc-
cupation and what you called for; I promise to
tell you whether husband, wife or sweetheart
is true or false; I tell you whom and when
you will marry; In fact. I will tel! you every
hope, fear or ambition better than you can i
tell yourself; I improve your character so that I
you will reach the highest possible develop- ]
ment in mental vigor, health, happiness and
capacity to earn wealth, so you will live hap-
py and contented the rest of your life. Hrs — 10
a. m. to 8 p. m. ; Sunday. 2 to 8. 328 O'Fan-ell.
MME. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently Socated at 17 Third et., next Examiner
bldg. ; Bhe reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur in the future; If you are in trouble, dis-
contented or not satisfied in life, or have do-
mestic, love or business troubles, consult this
great medium and you will be told how to
overcome them; valuable advice in all affairs
of life; 25c up; satisfaction guaranteed; read-
ings by mail.. Tel. Black 4569.
ISMAR, the. Kgyptlan gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
et., cor. Turk; private readings dally, 10 a.
m. to 5 p. m.; readings by mall as satisfac-
tory as in person; 3 questions answered, $1;
full life. $5; send lock of hair, date and year
of birth; don't send currency.' Send postofflce,
Wells-Fargo money order or registered letter.
A — MME. PORTER, scientific clairvoyant and
card reader, bom with a double veil and sec-
ond sight; tells the past, present and future;
ladies, 60c; gents. $1; by cards, palmistry
and clairvoyant sitting; $1 50. 126 Turk st.
Mrs. A. H. Kronenberg. palmist, clairvoyant,
card reader, will give a good reading, 10c, for
a short time only; when others fall try me to
convince 'yourself. 402 Franklin, near Grove.
MIES ZEMDAR. young gifted clalr. and palm.;
ha* second sight; a wonderful prophetess;
names: L. 50c: G. $1. 714 Franklln.nr.Q.G.av.
A — Mme. Ravenna reads life, business advice;
names given: 25c up. 5 4th St., near Market.
MISS WARD, high psychic medium, palmist;
ladies 2f«c, gents 50c: no sign. 413 Mason st.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader: ladies
25c. gente 5Oc; readings dally. 132 Sixth st.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; ladies 25c,
gents 50c. 051 Mission st.. nr. 6th; open Sun.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader In city.
28H Kearny. room 20; ladles 25c. gents 50c.
MRS. SHAFER. clairvoyant, card reader; sit-
tings daily. 448H Jessie st.,* bet. 5th and 6th.
CAltrET^BBATIXG » AKP
AIR. compressed, dry. ice cold, is now univer-
sally used in sanitarily cleaning carpeta. on
floor, without removal or injury; prices mod-
erate. Apply S. F. COMPRESSED AIR
CLEANING CO.. Call bid.; phone Main 5237.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
tend for SPAULDINGS Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works, 355-357 Tehama St.; tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1SC9 Har-
rison et.. Al cleaning. 3c; tel. Mission 225.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating Co.. J. McQueen,
proprietor. 329 Guerrero ft.; tel. Mission 49.
TRY HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet-beating;
mattresees made over. 143C Hr.ward;South 216
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st. ;
tel. Main 334. GEO. WALC0M & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison fit.; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works,
33.T GoMen Qpte wve. : telephone East 126.
DENTISTS.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market. nr.Eievcnth
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per set; extracting. 50c; gas given.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crown. $3 50; fillings. 50c;
plates. $o: full set ;all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Set t^eth $1 50 up: crowns $2 up: fillings 25c.
GOLD fillings. 75c; silver. 35c; crowns. $2; no
pain; open Sunday. Dr.O.B.Hewltt.2Cl Sutter.
: 10 PER CENT off this month; estimates free.
New York Dentists. PCS Mission St.. cor. 6th.
DRBSSatAKfiEtS AND SEAUSTB.ESSX39
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School
— Any pattern cut to measure. 1019 Market.
ACCORDION, sunburst & knife plaiting. Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory'. 110 Taylor.
DYEI5G A.\U CLUAM.VG.
SEA breezes sweeten all garments, blanket?,
lace curtains, etc.. done by the Presidio
Heights Dye Works. 3015 Sacramento; phone
for wagon. West 453. H. HICKMAN. pres. |
educational;
A— CALDWELL College of Oratory, Acting,
Opera and Authorship; largest in the Wesi;
14 teachers; positions guaranteed; fall term
begins Sept. 7: day and evening cla«s; beauti-
ful new catalogue free. 12*J0 MarkeLcor. 3th.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post, S.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy, English branches;
day and night sessions; illus. catalogue free.
SAN FRANCISCO Business College. 1236 Mar-
ket: mcd'rn. progressive, practical; estab-
lished 15 years: Gregg shorthand, fastest,
easiest, most readable. Actual business
bookkeeping; typewriter at home free.
AYRES. the leading business college. 723 Mar-
ket et. ; special eummer course In all depart-
ments: handsome catalogue free; life scholar-
Ehip, $50; day and evening sessions.
CALIFORNIA Business College. 305 Larkln st!
"A thorough school"; positions secured for
graduates; modern methods; individual in-
struction. Write for illustrated catalogue.
HINMAN'S Academy; a thorough school of
dancing: established 20 years. 1412 Polk at.,
between Pine and California; both adult and
children's class?? are now open for the season.
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for the university, law and medical colleges:
ref.. President Jordan or any Stanford pro-
fessor; day, evening sessions. Pfcelart bldg.
HEALD'S School of Mines & Electrlcity,24 Post
St., S. F. ; a practical tchcol of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec. mln., mech., sur-
vey, ai.-ay, cyanide; day, eve. : est. 1864. Van
der Nailien School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
DANCING Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday and
Sunday evenings at Teutonia Hall, Howard
St.. near Ninth; management Prof. Foster.
PRIVATE leEsons given to pupils behind In
. grammar grade work. Further particulars,
address box 1779, Call office.
GOLDEN Gate Com'l College. 530 Golden Gate
ave.: full business course; day ana evening.
'SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTON'S, 424 Pine «t... Night class.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr.tith.
Chicago Bus:nef s College. 1435 Market, nr. 10th.
Pittman shorthand, typing, bookpg.. $8 mo.
EUPLOYJHEKT OFKICEsI
GEORGE AOKI. 421 Post «t.; tel. Bush 135—,
Japanese-Chinese' employment office; fur-
nl&hes best help; contracts for farm help, etc.
A — ORPHEUM Employment ©)ffice — Japaneec-
Chinese help. 4V6 Powell. Tel. Main 5752.
A — GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office, 115
Stockton; tel. Grant 16S; expert, reliable help.
CHINESE Employment Office — Best help at
Leon Seung'e. 411»4 O'Farrell; tel. Eaat 426.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce: all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51S&.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY A CO.. 640 Clay.
b..HPLOVMt:.M' WA.VTED F E 51 A LB.
A SWEDISH cook, young, strong, nrat-claea
references; also a thoroughly capable Swed-
ish waitress, 3 years last place; a German
nurse fcr Infants or grown children, best ref-
erence*: 2 good, strong, young Irish second
girls want situations. Address or call at
MISS .PLUNKETT'S. 425 Sutter St.. near
Powell.
A GERMAN nursery governess with best of
references wants a place; can sew well. Cail
at MISS PLUNKETT'S. 425 Sutter st.
MIDDLE-AGED American woman wishes sit-
uation as working housekeeper; neat and re-
liable: no objection to country. Address
Housekeeper, 100 Lcaveriworth st.
WANTED — By a middle-aged woman, place to
do housework In a small family; good refer-
ences. 445 First St.
WOMAN wants to do day's work. Call or ad-
dress 629 Howard st.
LAUNDRESS, flrft-claes, wants work by the
day. Address 1021 Sanchez st.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister st. .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received, at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
HELP WASTED— MALE— Con.
A— MURRAY & READY,
PHONE MAIN 5S4S. 634 and 636 Clay st.
LEADING EMPLOYMENT & Labor Agts.
Office half block long; 14 clerks employed;
by our own printing plant we publish a
••KR.cE" Bulletin of Labor, containing every
position segregated under departments, ready
for distribution 7 a. m. : also noon and even-
Ing editions. GET ONE FREE. German,
Italian, French, Spanish, Portuguese, Qu**«*~
spoken. >
THIS IS WHAT
MADE US FAMOUS.
We know no distinction between man and
man.
YOU ARE ALL EQUAL.
YOU AKE ALL WELCOME.
1902 WE GAVE 1U03 WE'LL GIVE
45.».iOO MEN WORK. 00.000 MEN WORK.
TO-DAY WE SHIP FREE TO
NEVADA, ARIZONA,
OREGON, LOS ANGELES.
HAWAIIAN ISLANDS, WILLITS, URIAH,
AND ALL POINTS S. P. and Santa Fe.
NORTH, EAST AND SOUTH.
RAILROAD HELP of every description, in-
cluding: drillers, hammer and corner men,
muckers, laborers, teamsters, blacksmiths,
cooks and waiters. $5, $4, $3, ?2 a day.
MURRAY & READY. t»4.-636 Clay il
ARE YOU GOING FRUIT PICKING TO-DAY
OR TO-MORROW? 2U5 men wanted; any-
body can do the work: a man or a boy who
can eat fruit can pick fruit.
$1 FEE. $1 FARE.
FRUIT $37 50 found. FRUIT
PICKING 830 Cound. PICKING
TO-DAY $34 found. TO-DA*.
Somt to work about packing and dry
houses; you can have a good vacation. Go.-
Come back with f9O to $120. W« ahip
NOKTH, EAST, SOUTH; also many to the
great wineries.
MURRAY & READY. ,634-636 Clay St.
COME.
3 laborers, Shasta county, $35 and found;
free fare; see boss here.
3(33 laborers, teamsters, city and country
jobs. $2. $2 50 and $3 day. All classes of
work. • Come. see.
155 Italians, $2 25 day.
You board yourselves. Steady Jobs.
26 laborers, free fare, 14 miles away, $42
and found.
105 coal miners, free fare, $3 to $5 day.
105 laborers, teamsters, Wlllits, Uklah, free
fare, $67 50. _. j
Do You Know — Free Fare.
On every train we ship to S. P. Co.'s own
work on all divisions, laborers, extra gangs;
also section hands .' i
DIAMOND MATCH COMPANY.
156 teamsters and ax men, $75.
1!>7 laborers and drillers. $75.
155 track layers. balla3t track. $67 50.
1 Cost you only $1; no discount; steady job.
MINES. O.UARRIKS. TUNNELS,
loj laborers, you'll suit, $60. $75 found.
00 miners and tlmbermen, J90 found.
156 quarrymen; also drillers. $82 to $90.
Oti carmen, turnace men, $75.
STABLl-.S. KARMS. DAIRIES. HARVEST.
Ifl8 farm, orchard, vineyard hands. $30 to $15
found.
38 milkers, butter-makers. $30. $3."., $40 fd.
156 harvest hands, hny balers. $2 50. $3 day.
68 choremen. coachmen, gardeners, $30 to $50
and found.
lfi stablemen, city and country, .$30 to $13 fd.
Si! men for brick yards. $35 to $80 found
COOKS. WAITERS. PORTERS.
-4 cooks, hotels, restaurants, camps, mines
and ranches, city and country, $30 to $70 and
found.
• 12 waiters, city and country Jobs. $25 to $10
found.
Hi elevator beys, bejl *oys and porters.
MURRAY & READY. 634-630 Clay at.
SPECIAL BY TELEGRAPH!
PHONE AND LETTER.
Young man to drive wason and take orders,
SIO a week.
Deck hands; also frciclit handlers.
Took, rtrtai'rant. 10c tare, «70. «
Porter, tend bar. a^o 40, *lb week. |
Driver, light wasnn. city. §f»; 3 bellboys. $20. I
MARTSVli I.E. PLACERVILLE.
Laborers, uan'.ilors, carpenters, helpers, $30. j
INSIDE FACTORY WORK. ;
25 laborers, fare Ma:<l .«HC. <
to l;l o co. '
20 laborers aboi't mill, fare paid. $15 found. '
RIG NCW TUNNEL. j
25 drillers rri'Jckers, S2 far«\ *S2 i>0, $75.
AMONG THE BBANS.
L'.'p men cr boys, fare $1. $45, $oO found.
i •• SPECIAL-
Pigs' fret shaver, factory. $2 25 day up.
NIGHT SWITCHMAN,
n. R. cars, factory, -,S'-4 \veeu.
Laborer, learn iurnaei:;g lor mine. ?7T>.
Boxmaker, factory, i!0c fare, $2 25. day. '
Youns man. 'work In stable, fare £-. ?->0 fd. !
1^ BUTCHERS DIFFERENT JOD5, $50 to j
$:><\ !
TUOLUMNE COUNTY— FARE PAID. |
30 laborer* first-c!a3s iumber <*o., $<;«.
ARIZONA— TO-NIGHT. :
EUREKA— UUaiBOLDT— FARE PAID. |
22 laborers, big. nood lumber to., $<><> to ?75. ,
FREE FARE— HUMUOLDT COUNTY. i
So .ITALIANS. SPANISH. MEXICANS. POR-
TUGUESE. GREEKS; AUSTRIAN'S. SLAVO-
NIANS ,v.S LABORERS, ?35 AND FOUND.
BIO LUMBER COMPANY FREE FARE.
THIS IS IT.
25 LABORERS. 'J HOURS' WORK. 10c
FARE, ?t" BO.
?S2 u<> MONTH FOR
1" L\nORERS KOR A GOLD MINE. $S2 50.
" ' ELECTRIC LIGHT. POWER
AND WATER SYNDICATE, MINE DIST.,
FREE FARE.
2 waiters, same olace. tare $1 50;,SS week
and found. • '
Hlacksmith. vineyard. Santa <. lara Co., *~>>
and icund.
Fireman, city. $70.
s cabinet makers, country; cook, Ne\ada,
$50. „„ - :
BU i^KE a TO^VT&fe UK^AH-FREE
TO-DAY: TEAMSTERS*, $67 50.
RESERVOIR WORK.
25 laborers and teamsters, laie $1 .i0. St.< 50.
i> TRACKMEN, NKW WORK. $67 5<>.
¦2 t.irk coopers, winery. ?". 60 day.
21-, lumber p'.lers. Santa Cruz County. ShO.
Butcher, sl;ri; and wagon, fare $1 i»0, 5^0
Haryjy man with butcher knife, city. ?2 25
d£ty ' WAREHOUSES.
1° laborers, fare >1; you'll suit; $3 day.
Cooper, pacW»nr-house. $3 25 day.
2 lathers. $12 50 per M.
3 Black cooper*. 0c: cecond butcher. $oO fd.
Cut-off sawyer, city: 3 boys, learn trade, $0.
HALF FARE TO CHICO.
165 laborers, tfamster?. axnien. S7.V
NORTHEAST— SOUTH— FREE.
2555 RAILROAD LABORERS, TEAMSTERS.
Experienced nailing machine man. city, $75.
Dumpcart driver, mine. $35 found.
55 laborers, special electric R. R., $60 to
$67 50.
Boiler-maker. , „_..
3« drillers, water company. NORTH. $i.Y
36 drillers, muckers, etc.. S75. $C,O. free fare.
SPECIAL INDUCEMENTS.
I(i5 ironn^en. spikers, track laborers, $75.
12 laborers, track gang on railroad. $3 day.
:? moat cutters. $15 week; blacksmith, fare
$1 $3; wood turner. $¦*! SO.
" SPECIAL NOTICE TO-DAY.
G.-.6T POSITIONS NOT ADVERTISED.
COME SEE.
BEST PLACES AT MURRAY & READY'S,
BIGGEST WAGES AT fi.34-K36 Clay at.
_ FREE FARK
<:5 laborers to shevtl coal. $2 75 day.
NOT F\R AWAY: ONLY 50c OFFICE FEE.
FREE FARE.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
WHERE ARE THEY?
¦ K6 lumber trusts and syndicates.
Located in •- Four States.
Managers here. Two Territories.
FREE— FREE— FREE.
!W> laborers, no experience wanted, $35 to
S70 and found.
19* exoerlcnced mill and yard men, $40 to
S1.-.0- and found. -
"Ki woodchoppers, $40 to $50 and found.
380 woedchoppers, tiemakers, shingle, post,
j picket and box bolt makers; tools and pro-
visions found.
RIG L MURRAY & READY,
TRUSTS. 634-630 Clay st.
MIDNIGHT ~ "
SPECIALS
Rlacksmlth, country shop. $1 fare, ?C0 fd.
Candy maker, country store. ?50: 4 laborers,
city, 'board home. $2 25 day: 10 warehouss
men, near city. $3 day: brakeman, private
R. it.. S14 week: 4 handy men. city factory,
$12 week: porter and lunch man. clly saloon,
$S a week; stableman, ranch, San Mateo Co..
$25 found: 10 grape pickers, fare 50c. $30
found: « men for beans, SI 73 day and f4.
MURRAY & READY, 034-636 Clay st.
„ CARPENTERS.
OARPKNTERS. CARPENTERS.
i f> carpenters'. 8 hours, near city, $4 day; 5
carpenters, large company, fare $1. $00; 10
carpenters, electric power company, $00; 4
carpenters, ranch, fare $1 25, $75 found: 6
carpenters, rough work, ranch, $40 found;
1!5 carpenters, flume work, $3 day.
Office open to-day.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 /Hay at.
TRY our men's shoes, union Yjade. at $t and
$1 50 per pair; foot-form' shoes at $2 50, or
orthopedic shoes, $.1 50; best shoes on earth.ll
Third St.. Exam., bldg.. 5 doors from Market;
open evgs. until 10 o'clock, except Sunday*.
BOY 16 to "0 to handle Sunday papers 2 to 7
a. m.; pood in arithmetic. Address 133 Ninth.
MAN bedmaker wanted. New Adelaide House,
614 Howard St.
RELIABLE boy about 17: good opening; $1 50
start. . Apply early, 161 First st.
BARBER ehop for sale, cheap: old stand;
owner retiring. 229 Hayes st. '..
WANTED — A shoemaker on new work and re-
pairing. IS Montgomery ave.
WANTED — Dishwasher. 1750^4 Mission «t.
BLACKSMITH helper. 212 Railroad' ave., near
Fifth ave. South. x
. BARBER wanted. 6 Stockton St.. Peerless
Shaving Parlor.
: BARBER wanted: steady: $15 per week. 725
Fourth St.. San tel. Red 15. .
EMPLOYMENT WASTED — MALE.
UNION barber, a man of 50, speaking German
and English, sober and steady, wishes sit-
uation In city or country. Address Barber,
1025 Polk.
SITUATION wanted about private place; good
horseman and gardener; can milk: handy
with tools; good references. Box 1HO1, Call.
YOUNG man, German, wishes a position of
any kind: city or country. Box 1006. Call.
STABLEMAN; aged man wants 6teady Job
caring for 8 to 20 work horses. Write or see
from 10 to 12 J. C. RILEY, corner Sixteenth
and De Haro sts.
A POSITION by a thoroughly competent lum-.
b<?rman as foreman to take charge of yard;
city or country; best of references. Box
17C0. Call office.
WANTED — A place for a good boy In office
or wholesale house; 15 years old; German
descent. Please address box 433H. Call.
ENGINEER (stationary) wishes situation; city
or country: can do his own repairs; reference
given. Box 4144. Call office.
SPANISH engineer and experienced machinist
In machinery of mines desires position. Ad-
dress Hallhard Hotel. 607 Pine st.
A REFINED old gentleman desires a position
as companion. Box 1278. Call office.
AH LOY. Chinese boy, wants Job of kitchen
help, wash dishes: about $« to $7 week. «41
California Et. ; tel. Red I62O.
JAPANESE couple want place in family, man
good cook, wife wait on table and house-
work; speak well. OHAR. 423 Stevenson gt.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore
FINANCIAL.
i^PER CENt"toTpEr"cENT HIGH GRADE
Municipal, School. Railrcad and Corporation
Bonds.
Bank and Trust Company Stocks.
Selected for conservative investors.
Write for Information to
HEAZELTON & CO.,
Stock and Bond Brokers.
Hayward building.
Pan Francisco. Cal.
TO INVESTORS— Subscriptions from *10O up
wanted in a new manufacturing enterprise:
large profits assured: Investigation solicited.
Adilrefs GUY H. SALISBURY, 520 Parrott
building-, fclan Francisco.
A SAN FRANCISCO firm wants a representa-
tive In every town: npplirar.t must be able to
pive bank security if required. Address box
12S3. Call office.
FLATS TO LET\
| .
A — HOUSES and fiats to let: an Immense list:
service absolutely free: take advantage of
this <1er>artment: it will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., 245-250 Geary
Et., en the square.
NOE, 105<J, cor. Elizabeth — A new 8-rcom flat;
all modern improve ments; convenient to Cas-
tro and Twenty-fourth st. cars; rent reason-
ably
AT park entrance; 2 new flats: modern in every
particular: all-night cars; low rent now; pret-
tiest spot In city. 748 Eighth ave.
GROVE. T.il— Upper Hat 5 rooms, bath; light,
sunny; adults.
TURK. 121t> — Hay window, sunny lower flat;
windows all around? :: rooms. $12.
ELEGANT sunny up. cor. flat: 0 rooms, bath.
3 Merritt. Apply 4602 ISth, W. of Castro.
FLAT of 5 sunny roms, hath and cellar. Call,
1009 Oak et.
$35 — MODERN upper flnt, 7 rooms; all newly
decorated. 2110 Devisadero st.
FINEST new flat in Panhandle district; 7 sun-
ny rooms. 138 Bcllevue St.. near Haight.
2 ELEGANT new fiats. 15 and 7 rooms; rent
$30 and $35. Church and Seventeenth ets.
HAYHS, 1753 — Sunny upper flat 4 rooms; near
park entrance; $16; water free.
TO let— NW. cor. McAllister and Fillmore;
7 rooms with 5 bay windows; rent $55.
Upper flat 4 rooms, furnished or unfurnished:
| gas rang?, bath; reasonable. 2:(11 JacksSon st.
UPPER and lower. fiat. 3943-3047 Seventeenth
et.. half block from Market »t.
4 NEW rooms and bath; water 'ree; $18. 338
Tehama st.
FLATS TO LET — Kl'RXISHED.
FURNISHED sunny flat, 7 rooms; modern Im-
provements: gas range; adults: ref. 438 14th.
FLA TS FO 1^ SALE.
! A BARGAIN— $4250; CORNER LOT, 2 FLATS;
LOT 25x114: IS4 CLIPPER ST. SEE
OWNER ON PREMISES.
FfUMTliHU WANTED.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission, phone Red 4402.
buys, rents, repairs-, packs furniture, carpets.
1 Cal. Auction House pays highest prices for tur-
niture. flats, etc. 1105 Mission; tel. Mint 2481.
A. L. STORRS pays highest cash prices furnl-
ture. carpets, etc.; tei. Larkln 3<ai. «3t Ellis.
mCLl' \V ANTED— FEMALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO'S.. Phone Grant 1S5
HOTEL DEPARTMENT,
5 waitresses, institutions, country $25
Waitresses. V'acavllle, Berkeley, Merced. .$2.1
Marysville, city, San Mateo $25-$:)0
Chambermaids, to wait, city and country. $25
Chambermaids, city and country $20
Cooks, dishwashers $25-* 10
FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
HouseRirl, small American family $30
Cook. 2 family, mining town, fare paid.. $25
Man and wife, private houve. country $40
Milker and wife $50
Second girl, $25; second girl, $20; nurse
Kirl $15
50 house girls, city and country $20-j;>0
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 42!) Bush st.
WANTED — Waitress, country hotel. $25; wait-
rets, sanitarium, $25; 4 other waitresses, $20;-
cook, $35. and second girl, $25, same house,
San Jose; parlor' maid and walt-
re&s. $30; nurse. 2 children, $25; re-
fined nurse for child 5 years old, $25. and
many others. Call early Monday. J. F
CROSETT & CO., 334 Sutter st.
A GIRL for cooking and housework, 2 in family.
In Berkeley, $20, all expenses paid; a waitress
and parlormaid. $30; a cook, 3 In family, $35;
a laundress for hotel. $3U; a head waitress for
hotel, $35; 4 good waitresses for boarding-
houses in city, $25 each: a German cook for
German family, $35; 40 good housework girls
for places In city and country; also a num-
ber of girls for general, work In Institutions
at $20. MISS PLUNKETT/425 Sutter st.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 20 Montgomery, r. 12.
Head waitress for country hotel. $10.
A — WANTED — Glrla to learn halrdresslng
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to Z
In 2 weeks; $5 to those entering now; 3 po-
sitions to fill immediately; positions, guaran-
teed at $10 per week up; leading school .In
Wc»t. 233 Geary «t.. room 13. '
A— 'LADIES. learn all branches halrdresslng
trade; manicuring, massage, etc;^1230 Mar-
ket «t., cor. Jones, room 04; positions secured
at highest wages; day and eve. class; call.
A. — Girls to learn millinery now for fall season-
both seasons taught from start to finish in 1
month for $10; positions as trimmers, sales-
ladles, etc., guaranteed at $10 per week up-
day and evening class. 143 Stockton at., r. 13.
GIRLS on day and piece work. Call Monday
or Tuesday, California Nutmeat Co.. 123 Clay.
COMPETENT girl for general housework and
.cooking; no washing; wages $25. 1 Scott et.
YOUNG girl for light housework. Apply 1344
, Eddy tt. .
HELP WAffTEP — FEMALE — Con.
WOMEN and girls wanted to work on fruit
and canning; steady work; highest wages.
Apply California Canneries Co., Brannan at.,
between Third and Fourth.
WOMEN and girls to work on fruit; steady
employment: day and piece work; highest
wages. CODE-PORTWOOD CANNING CO.,
Bryant and Tenth.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-
ETERS: NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY:
PAID SALARY. LEV! PTRAUSS & CO.'S
FACTORIES. 32U FREMONT ST. AND 1873
MISSION. NEAR FIFTEENTH.
A FINISHER on t>ants; steady work. 36
Geary, room 33.
W A XTE D— Ad va n ced cm ;oats!
LINDNER BROS.. 2TX .Sutter et.
WANTED — An experienced waitress; wages
$25. Hotel ailraniar. 703 G?ary st.
APPRENTICES and errand girl at dressmak-
lng; paid while learning. 330 O'Farrell st.
FIRST-CLASS finisher and buttonhole maker
on fine coatg. 514 Turk st.
WANTED— Girl for housework and cooking.
_J5i:i McAllister s-t.
STENOGRAPHER and typewriter with some
knowledge of bookkeeping. S2U Mission ft.
WANTED — Errand girl at 1111 Van Ness ave..
and can Itarn dressmaking.
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply at
Chutt s C p. m. Wednesday: salary no object.
WOMAN over 25, willing to learn and satisfied
with ?4O per month to commence, with good
prospect for advancement: state experience
¦-'¦; tf any. Box 175**, Call office.
WANTED — 1 men and wives, email ranches,
$40. ?4:>; abo cook nr.<i wife, country hotel,
s-hort distance. Sim. Apply to J. F. CRO-
BETT & CO., 331 Sutter st. i
EXPERIENCED operators on muslin under- i
w*ar; alFO learners; =toady work; good paj.
G. \V. RKYNOLDS CO.; T.07 Mission st.
$20 A 100 WRITING letters. Particulars \
Electric Remedy Co.; d^pt. 101. LTJ5 South
Michigan. South Uend, Ind.
WANTED — A young girl to assist in corset ¦
department. Apply box S2'i, Call office.
Oakland. ¦ j
A — WANTED — Operators on ladies' and chi'.- j
drcn's wear to Avork at home. C50 Mision St..
t'.ilrd rloor.
A — WANTED — Operators r,n ladles' underwear;
good pttjr, <o8 M:??!on st., third floor.
A — "WANTED — Operators on children's ccats. i
«.-.•'. Mlsrlcn it., thini ficor. |
A NURSE who wishes to take up a business
position. Bex 177'J. Cull office.
GIRL for light housework In small family;
wages ?1&. 1S37 McAllister st.
PANTS finisher. C22.Cla>- St.. room ISA.
WANTED— Young girl to arsis* with house-
work. 2S2!* Bush st.
BRIGHT apprentice- for dressmaking: must I
sew; raid. 720 Bush St., near Powell.
IRONERS and girls at National Laundry, *U
Sanchez st.
EDGE bayters and finishers on coats wanted: j
pood pay anri steady work. S. N. WOOD &
»"O. . 27 Geary ft.
GIRLS about 15 for factory work: good wages.
Apply at once. AMES * HARRIS. 100 Sacra-
mento 5t.
FIRST-CLASS waist, skirt! cloak, sleeve
hands anri assistant?!. Apply 1200 Geary st.
LADY agents on salary. Call 9 to 5. office 59,
Columbian building. 010 Market «t.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offloe. 2200 Ftllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
cubs:ritJ*;or.s has been established at H"J0
Va'«r— lw «t.
HKI£ WAXTBD — JIALE.
AT C. R. IIANSEN & CO.'S EMP. AGENCY.
429 Rush st 642 Clay et.
riHIP DAILY THIS WEEK FOR NEVADA.
100 laborers. Tendon. .Nevada $2
K)0 laborers. Reno, Nevada $2
1W laborers, Ifenwaw 1 , Nevada S'J
100 laborers, <!olconda, Nevada ?2
Board $4 50 Week.
Absolutely Free Fare Office Fee $1
SHIP TO-DAY. RYNDON TUNNEL, NE-
, VADA.
Tunnelmrn. drillers, muckers S2-$'!
Engineer for power-house $10 found
FOR WESTERN DIVISION, CALIFORNIA.
Extra gang Jl 70
Mucker?, tunnelmen. laborers. Marln Co. $2 23
ABSOLUTELY FRKK FARE FOR ALL
ABOVE.
NEW WORK, MAR13VILLE, CUfCO, PLA-
CERVILLE.
• Rockmen. laborers $2 2.%-?2 50
10 teamsters. Solano County ?2 25 day.
20 fruit pickers, different counties, -$1-$1 15
clay, see paities In town.
Restaurant butcher. fCOr cook and helper,
country hotel, $75: cook, country restaurant.
$t;0-$70: baker, restaurant, city. ?G0; French
confectioner, city. $f;0; oyster man, $40;
lunch man. $40; C waiters, country hotels.
$.*!O-$:;5; bellboys, country hotels, $15, free
fare; .'! pcrters. city and country, $25: porter
and runner, country. ?25; kitchen hands, pot-
washers, dishwashers.
i C. R. HANSEN & CO. .Employment Agency,
4C9 Bush st , 612 Clay st.
LINEMAN for donkey engine, $70 and found;
handy man for Institution. $"0 and found;
young man fcr bathhouse. $30; boy to learn
trade; young men fdr planing mill, $1 50
to $1 75 day; 4 ranch teamsters. 51 l!5
day and board; 2 sheepherders, $30
and board: chore men and boys,
- $15 and $20 and found: fruit pickers.
$1 15 day and board; slackwork coopers; 2
muckers. $•- r.0 day: 3 farmers and wives.
$40. $50 and $5."» and found; laborers for mill
and woods, weodchoppers and others. : J. F.
' CROSETT & CO.. C2S Sacramento st. .
COOK nnd wife, small hotel. *65; hotel second
cook, $50: night cook aad waiter, country. $:i5
and found; second-*»yster and lunch counter
man. $4.1; hotel waiter, country hotel, $.'55;
waiter, resort. 525. fare paid; dishwashers,
porters, bellboys ami others. J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO.. 62S Sacramento at. •
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, r. 12.
Bellboy for club who lives at home. $30;
choreman for miners' boarding-house, $25;
bellboy. $20; bellboy, *27 50 and room.
WHY pay big prices to have your shoes half-
soled when you can get It done for 25c. 50c
and ROc, while you wait at 5«3 Mission -St..
bet. 1st and 2d sts.. or 11 Third st.: open
evenings until 10 o'clock, except Sundays.
WANTED— Two young men, 16 to 20 years
old. to learn the gilding trade. SANBORN,
VAIL & CO.. 741 Market «t.
WANTED — Handy man around the house: $10
month and found; short distance in country.
NW. cor. East and Clay sts., saloon.
WANTED — A grocery and bar clerk: refer-
ences from last employer. Apply 479 Shot-
well st.
WANTED — First-class porter for commercial
hotel. See proprietor at Run House to-day
at 9 to 10 a. m. ; fare advanced.
WANTED— First-class barber to take half in-
terest In good paying shop. Address box
lti07. Call of nee. :¦ •' ' ¦
WANTED — First waiter: call early. New
Golden Gate Hotel. 164 Fourth st.
HORSES ASP WACO.Si.
FOR sale — A stylish black mare, suitable fcr
family horse: is very gentle and free driver.
CHAS. LUSCHER. Redwood City.
HARXESS and saddles, the best for the money.
at JEPSSN BROS. CO.. Inc.. the big store.
1145-11*7 Market «t.. San Francisco.
FOR sale — At Eclipse Stable. 1375 Eddy st..
cheap saddle and large brood mare.
FOR sale— Handsome trap: cheap. Box IW0.
Call office.
Largest assortmt 2-hand wagons, buckb'd. sur-
rey, harness. wcrk^drlvlngJiorse^lSth-Valancia
8 GOOD horses for sale cheap. 327 Sixth st.
Al EXPRESS waRon. light camplns wagon and
gocaPt for gale cheap. Mission st.
Uiiisks '»u ut: f .
A— PRINTED list of hnuyes to let: i^r.d for c!r-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
X HOUSES and flats to let: an immense u 3 t;
service absolutely free; take advantage o»
this department; It will save ynu time an-J
trouble. Cordes FMrnKure Co.. 245-239 Geary
•t.. on the square.
FILBERT. 1223 — House to rent; 7 rooms, bath;
garden; water free. "
VAN NESS ave., 2106. near Pacific ave.— Mod-
ern house; 10 rooms; rent $70.
BEFORE moving get our printed list of houses
to let. BALDWIN ft HOWELL. 23 Post gt.
HOISES TO LBT FIBSISHEO.
MAGNIFICENT marine view; comfortably fur.
mod. house; piano; furnace ;refs. .1311 Jackson.
OAK. 419 — Elegantly furnished house: 10 rooms
and 2 baths: larrs warden: irrand view.
LOST AJCD FUUSO.
LOST — A passbook with the Illbernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, In ths
name of MARY BUTTTMER. No. 13<J-4is.
The flnder will plea3e return to bank.
LOST — Fur boa on ferry-boat PtedmorTt 6:3O
trip from Oakland; reward. 606 Sutter St.,
room 129.
LOST — White female fox terrier: one eye black
and tan: answers name Daisy. Return and
receive liberal reward. 1134 McAllister st.
LOST — Female fox terrier; white, with black
spot on right ear; reward. 2312 Jackson st.
LOST — In Call building, diamond stud. Return
S. F. Club. Call bldg.: reward.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the California
Watch Case Co.. 22O Sutter St.. needs old
gold and stiver to make new watch cases.
MEDICAL.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints: Instant relief guaranteed: ¦'•¦)
years' experience; removed to S2S Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all f?-
male troubles and irregularities; instant re-
lief guaranteed. 100S% Market St., opp. 5th.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
In trouble consult this specialist on femals
complaints: positively corrected; the unfor-
tunate he-lped; the most difficult cases treat-
ed; advice free. Office. 1018 Market st.
Drs. Goodwin. 733 Turk. nr. Van* Ness— Expert
In obstetrics, female complaints; lnst. relief:
treatment 110; hours. 10 to 3; 25 yrs. exper.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1119 Market — Reliable ladles'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
A maternity villa: private;, secluded; confiden-
tial. Dr. E. Funke. 1414 Eighth st.. Alameda.
DR. ROSEX moved to 2905 Folsom St., comer
26th: relief $10; ladles' exclusive offlc*.
DR. and MRS. DAVIE3 and HINDOO HERB?;
orijrinal method of treatment. 112S Market st.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 31!) Powell st.. opposite
Union square; al! diseases cured by herbs.
MILLI.NEK.Y.
LADIES, you are invited to visit my millinery
opening to-day and to-morrow: Imported ani
New York hats. MME. DOSCH. 2t'7 Post s;.
311SCELL.\XEUt5— FOR SALE.
DOES TOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair It with eiaterite; In rolls easy to Ia7:
needs no painting or coating; good over old
iron. t;n or fhingles: best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market »t.
2D-HD. machinery, boilers, engines, pumps.
pulleys, ebaftin?. etc., etc.. bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE M'CH'Y CO.. 130-132 Beale 3t.
T'RY our men's sho«3 at SI and $1 60 pair:
foot-form shoes at $2 50; wo pay express
charges. 11 3d st.. Exam, bid.; catalog, free;
open evgs. ur.tll 10 o'c<pck. except Sundays.
A— Fine suits. $7 ftO; dress pants. $2 50. Origi-
nal Misfit Clothing Parlors, 23S Kearny ar..
near Bush: op?n tu » p. m. Sunday to noon.
A $3 30 DERBY and fedora hats, $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters, 330 Kearny st.. near
Pine; open till » p. m. Sunday to noon.
X — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, bcllers. water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear St.'
FOR SALE — A lot of very fins moving pic-
tures; same as new. Novelty Theater, Oak-
land. Cal.
NEWSPAPER route for sale; fine chance for
the right man. Address N. A. LARSEN.
1715 Pacific ave.. Alameda.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH A WOLPMAN. 105-137 Fremont st.
Al ENGINE. 16x36. slide valve, as good as
new; bargain. Postofflce box 2C8S. S. F.
A FINE 4% -carat perfect white diamond at a.
bargain. 10 Sixth st.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
A JULES JURGENSEN 5-mlnute repeating
watch; very reasonable. 10 Sixth st.
PAIR 3-karat diamond earrings at a bargain.
10 Sixth at.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard & Breck. 131 Post st.
MILES of pipe and fittings; all sizes. EU-
GENE RILEY & SONS. 109 Vallejo st.
MOVING picture film and song slides. 1CU
Montgomery st.
SAFES — New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
& CO., 122 Market st.
All bargains ;camp stoola and chairs ; hammocks,
metal beda.mattresees.J.F.Hotter,712 Mission.
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, moving
picture machines, films. Baclgalupi, 033 M'*t.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches.
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont «t.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters: all
makes. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Monfgy.
MISCELLANEOUS WA.1T3.
BOOKS and libraries bought. H. C. HOLMES.
1149 Market St.; phone Jessie 3741. or postai.
TILTON wants good second-hand clcthing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st.: tel. Jessie 2351.
A BIG price paid for sealskins: send postal.
25 Stockton st. : rhone Bush 434.
MONEY TO LOA_f.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY.
601-602-603 Examiner bundling;.
Qalek settlements; no disappointment.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property in trust.
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided In-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
gee HERMAN MURPHY.
ADVANCES on furniture and pianos without
removal- to salaried people on their noto
without security or knowledge of employer;
lowest rates; best terms; quickest service and
absolute privacy; special rates to municipal
employes and teachers. The National Credit
Co.. r. 68-69 Dononc* bid.. 1170 Market st.
HIGHLY resDectable- private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 818
Market st.; tel. Main 1M4. Branch, 19 Third.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants teamsters, boarding-hoases. without
security, easy payments; largest business la
46 principal cities. Tolman. 553 Parrott bldy.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant av 9 ,.
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10.000. *
8. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY — Loans to salaried
people on their nota.
THE TOU5L.ST CS...-...143 Phelan bldg.
MONET to loan on low Interest; ito!d. silver
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
ON furniture, piano: no removal. E. W. LICK^,
1003 Mutual Savings Bank bldg.. 70S MarksfT
MONEY loaned to salaried employes. O W
MILLER, room 74, fifth floor. Chronicle blig.
GOLDEN Gate Loan Office. 10 Sixth St.. keeps
open Tuesday. Jewish New Year.
Z<T, ON furniture & pianos; J15 up; no removal -
V. TREMAIN. room 81. 6 Eddy st.. floor 4.'
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 533 Kearny.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money ti
salaried employes. R.311. Mutual Sav.Bk.bld.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
Indorser. MORRELL, 600 Examiner Ndi.
A good maid's a jewel, so all housewives will say. . '
If you're sick or you're well. If you're home or away,
A "Want Ad in The Call such a treasure will brine.
And then you will be one who our praises will sing.Mariposa Sails.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's liner
Mariposa sailed at 11 a. m. yesterday for
Tahiti. She carried a full cargo of gen
eral merchandise Her cabin passengers
were: V. Martin and wife, A. Clausaon,
G. M. Peck, J. M. Pratt. A. Schmidt, Mrs.
M. Schmidt, Miss - M. Schmidt. Max
Schmidt, Miss Alice Henter, E. Hayden,
"W. M. Hall. M. A. Meyer, Mrs. Wads
worth and J. Archibald, wife and family.
Movements of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE-.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Sunday. September 20.
Etmr Olympic, Hansen, 33 hours from, San
Pedro.
1 Stmr Corona, Johnson, 20 hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr Aberdeen. Daniels, S2 hours from Se
attle, bound south; put in to land passengers.
Stmr Gualala. Johnson, 11 hours from Bow
ens Landing.
Stmr Santa Cruz, Glelow, 11 hours from,
Mosj Landing.
Stmr National City, Hammer, 15 hours from
Fort Bragg.
Stmr Brooklyn, Hlggins. IS hours from Fort
Bragg.
Stmr Coos Bay, Nicolson, 72 hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr Arctic, Reiner, 28 hrurs from Eureka.
Stmr City of Peking. Robinson. 29 days from
Hongkong, via Yokohama 18 days, via Hono
lulu 7 days.
Stmr Mandalay. Payne, 47 hours from San
Pedro. «
Ger stmr Luxor. TimmmnJn, 8*4 days from
Seattle; put In to finish loading.
Schr Bessie K, Merriam, 13 hoars from San
Vicente Landing.
Schr C A Kloee. Gruggel, 6 days from Slus
law.
Schr Confianza, Frenz. 3 days from Notleys
Landing via Santa Cruz. •
Schr Susie M PIummer.'Lund. 7 days from
Portland.
Schr Chas W, Wack, 8 hours from Bolinas.
Schr John F Miller, Hansen. 5 days from
Grays Harbor.
SAILED.
Sunday. September 20.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander. Sbn Diego.
Stmr Prentlss, Ahlstrom. Portland.
Stmr Marlposa, Rennle. Tahiti.
Stmr Columbia, Doran, Astoria.
. Stmr Aberdeen. Daniels. San Pedro.
Stmr Whltesboro. Olsea, Greenwood.
Stmr Navarro, Weber. Bowens Landing.
Ger atmr Eva. Peterson. Portland.
Ship Falls of Clyde. Matson, Hllo.
Fr bark Brizeaux. Gourio, Queenstown.
Schr Newark, Relnertien. Stewarts Point
Schr Viking, Lutjens, Grays Harbor.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT rOBOS-=-Sept 2O. 10 p m — Wither
foggy; wind SW; velocity 12 miles per hour.
SPOKEN.
Per »tmr Aberdeen— S«pt 18, 11 a m, 16 mllea
N of Cape Blanco, sttnr Francis H Leggett
with log raft in tow, from Astoria for San
Francisco.
Per stmr City of Peking— Sept 6, lat 34 50
N, long 153 3S W, spoke Fr bark Connetable
Richemon, 80 days from Hongkong for Taltal,
short of provisions; supplied them with what
they wanted.
Sept 17— Lat SI 60 N, long 133 47 W. spoke
French bark Gael, from Tyne for San Fran
cisco; wished to be reported.
Sept 17— Lat 30 60 N, long 141 "W, atmr
Nevadan, from San Francisco for Honolulu.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed in Sept 20—
Bktn Makawell. for : stmr Portland, for
Seattle: stmr Humboldt, for Seattle.
Arrived Sept 20 — Chtl bar>c Antonlette, from
SEATTLE— Arrived Sept 20— Stmr Humboldt.
from Skagway.
SEATTLE— Arrived Sept 20— Stmr Portland,
from Nome.
TACOMA— Sailed Sept 20— Stair Shawmst,
for Hongkong.
Arrived Sept 20 — Stmr Pleiades, from Seattle.
SAN PBDRO-^Arrived Sept 20 — Stmr Saa
A
Steamer. | From. Due.
State Callforni San Diego & Way Pts.. Sept. 21
B Portland... Portland & Astoria.... Sept. 21
J Dollar Seattle &. Tacoma..... Sept. 21
S.Barbara... San Pedro..... Sept. 22
Phoenix Mendoclno Sept. 22
SanMateo.... Tacoma Sept. 22
Xewburg Grays Harbor Sept. 12
F. H. Leggett Portland Sept. 22
G Llndauer.. Grays Harbor Sept. 22
Alameda Honolulu Sept. 22
O W. Elder. . Portland & Astoria. . . . Sept. 22
Del Norte .... Crescent City Sept. 23
Montara Port Harford Sept. ":;
Argo • Eel River Ports. Sept. 23
Redondo. ...•• Humboldt Sept. 23
Czarina Coos Bay Sept. 23
S Monica .... Grays Harbor Sept. 23
Chehalis Grays Harbor Sept. 23
Pomona Humboldt Sept. 23
Bonlta Newport & Way Ports. Sept. 23
Newport.. ••-• New York via Panama Sept. 23
Eureka Humboldt. Sept. 24
Santa Rosa. . . San Diego & Way Pts. Sept. 24
Point Arena.. Mendocino & Pt. Arena Sept. 24
Queen. .••••••• Puget Sound Ports Sept. 21
Coronado Grays Harbor Sept. 25
North Fork-. • Humboldt Sept. 23
Arcata Coos Bay &. Pt. Orford. Sept. 26
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Pts. Sept. 27
Curacao. ..... Mexican Ports. . . ,/. . . . . Sept. 27
Columbia..... Portland A Astoria.... Sept. 27
Ventura.. •••• Sydney & Way Ports.. Sept. 28
Doric • China & Japan.. Sept. 1 28
Isis..... Hamburg St Way Pts. Sept. 28
Rainier - Seattle & Whatcom.... Sept. 28
Centennial... Seattle & Tacoma Sept. 28
Centralia... .. Grays Harbor Sept. 28
City Puebla.. J Puget Sound Ports.... Sept. 29
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
September 21.
Chlco Coquille River 6 pm Pier 2j
Olympic Whatcom & Falrh'n 4 pm Pier 2
Eureka Humboldt 12 'm Pier 13 :
September 22.
S. Barbara. Seattle & Olympla. 4 pm Pier 2 '
Arcata Coos B.& Pt.Orford 4 pm Pier 13
ChlngWo.. China & Japan 2 pm Pier 27
Iaqua Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Corona Humboldt 1:30 p Pier ft
Coos Bay... San Pedro & Way. 0 am Pier 19 1
September 23.
S.Monica.. Los Angeles Ports. 12 m Pier 2^
Redondo Los Angeles Ports. 3 pm Pier 2
Arctic Humboldt ¦ 10 am Pier 10
L'matilla... 1 Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
I September 24.
Phoenix.... Mendoclno City 1 pm'Pier 13
St. Paul Nome & St Michael 2 pm I Pier 20
State of Cal San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 19
Luxor Hamburg & Way.. 2 pm Pier 11
S. Portland. Astoria & Portland 4, pm Pier —
September 23.
San Pedro.. Humboldt 4 pm Pier 2
Pomona.... Humboldt l:30pPier 9'
Argo Eel River Ports... 4 pm Pier 2
Minnetonka New York direct Pier 23
G. Llndauer Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
G. W. Elder Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
September - ii.
Pt. Arena. . .Point Arena 4 pm Pier 2
Bonita r Newport Way Pts. 9 am Pier 19
Chehalis.... Grays Harbor 3 pm Pier 2
Newburg... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
City Sydney N. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
Alameda... Honolulu ; 11 am Pier 7
'J. Dollar... Seattle & Tacoma.. 10 am Pier 2
September 28.
North Fork. Humboldt 5 pm Pier 2
Queen Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 0
September 29l
China China & Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
Coronado... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. For. Sails.
Norr.e City.... Nome Sept. 21
Humboldt Skagway & Way Ports Sept. 21
Valencia Nome I Sept. 22
Farallon Skagway & Way Ports. (Sept. 23
Dolphin Skagway & Way Ports. 1 Sept 26
City Seattle.. Skagway & Way Ports.lSept. 26
Al-Kl Skftgway & Way Ports. ISept 20
CttyTopeka.. Skagway & Way Ports.lSept. 28
Roanoke Nome & Et. Michael. .JSept. 28
Dirigo Skagway & Way Ports.JSept. 28
The German steamship Luxor of the
Kosmos line arrived from Seattle and will
finish loading her cargo here, sailing for
Hamburg via South American ports
Thursday, the 24th inst.
The Peking brought besides the cabin
passengers seventeen Caucasian and 150
Asiatic steerage passengers. Her cargo
consisted of 2259 tons of freight, and she
also brought 207 bags of mall. The first
class passengers from the Orient were:
C. F. Applequist, J. Bardach, Dr. E. B.
Bryan, Mrs. Chang and servant. Miss Chang,
H. B. Clark, J. J. Eaton. Dr. Ellen C. Gage.
A H. Haerrl, Emlle Krusr. W. Mitchell. W.
W Pettit, E. C. Phillips. Mrs. E. C. Phillips.
Mrs. H P. Priest. James Robertson, Mrs. R.
K. McClanahan, Carl Rohde. 'Walter Seale.
Mrs Shuen, ' Leang Hsun -and servant, Mrs.
Leang Hsun, Master Leang Hsun. "W. J. Sis
sons, Mrs. W. J. SIssons and child. J. E. Spen
cer, B. - L». Stafford. L. Swartjes, 8. P. R.
Thomas. B. F. de Vore, E. E. Webster, Miss
Wong. Mrs. M. Smith.
From Honolulu — Walter Seale, L. Smartjis,
Mrs A. H. Geffeney, J. A. Hagg. Mrs. J. P.
Chamberlain, Dr. G. Klrlmura. Mrs. Georga
Angus, Irwin Geffeney. Mrs. Shuen, S. W.
Combs Miss H. R. Krlbs, Miss M. C. Stoner,
Miss Helen Gay, John Waterhouse, Miss Anna
Ahrens. C. L. Wight. A. H. Geffeney, -Miss
Nora Sturgeon, W.^ H. Yardley, H. Blngham.
Miss Freda Gay. George Angus, Miss Blanche
Geffeney, Mrs. L. I*. Terry.
The trip was uneventful so far as the
weather was concerned. From Honolulu
the ocean was almost like a mill pond.
The American ship Susquehanna docked
at Howard street wharf.
On September 5 they sighted the French
bar Connetable de Richemon." She sig
naled to the Peking that she was out of
provisions, and the steamer hove to and
gave her the assistance she required. The
bark was at that time eighty days from
Hongkong and was bound for the coast
of Chile. She had encountered a succes
sion of calms, and although fully equipped
for the regulation voyage was destined to
become short of provisions unless she ap
pealed for help.
On September 17 the steamship Nevadan,
from San Francisco for Honolulu, was
spoken in latitude 30.50 north, longitude
141 west.
Among the passengers was A. H. Geffe
ney, who has been the United States of
ficial Japanese interpreter at Honolulu
for the last two years. He is returning
with his family, as the climate in the isl
ands did not agree with them, and is en
route to Seattle to fill a similar position.
Tho Peking reports that on September
3, the second day out from Yokohama,
she transferred a stowaway to the steam-
Bhin^ Coptic, "bound to the port they had
Just left.
, night. Those of the passengers
who desired to come on shore were land
ed by the tug Millen Griffith about 9
o'clock.
p i|^HE steamship City of Peking: ar
1 rived late yesterday afternoon and
I came to an anchorage at quaran
** tine, where she remained all
FRENCH CRUISER PROTET, THAT ARRIVED HERE THE MIDDLE OF
LAST JULY AND WHICH SAILED YESTERDAY FOR ESQUIMALT.
"WHERE SHE WILL BE PLACED ON THE DRYDOCK.
Pedro. henc« Sest 17; stmr Santa Barbara, fa
Redondo.
EUREKA—ArrlTed S«pt 20—Stznr Pomona,
hence 8ept 19.
Sailed Sept 20—Stir.rs Corona and Aarelia,
for Ban Francisco.
COOS BAT—Sailed Sept 20—Stmr Czarina,
for San Francisco.
FORT BRAGO—Arrived S*pt 20^—Etmr Noyo.
hence Sept 19.
ASTORIA—Arrived Sept 20—Schr Melrose.
from San Diego; bktn Addenda, from Lahalna.
Sailed Sept 20—Stmr Qeo W Elder, for Saa
Francisco.
SAN DIEGO—Arrived Sept 20—Schr Wa
wona. from San Pedro.
TATOOSH—Passed in Sept 20—Bark Guy C
Goes. ¦ from Chignlk for Seattle; schr Peerless, j
from Guaymas for Falrhaven: stmrs Califor
nlan and City of Puebla, from San Francisco
for Seattle.
I . ISLAND PORTS,
HONOLULU—Arrived Se»tt 19—Nor bark Sl
gurd, from Newcastle. Aua.
- FOREIGN PORTS.
LONDON—Arrived Sept 1!*—Br stmr Anglla,
from Honolulu (cable steamer).
VICTORIA—Arrived Sept 20—Br stmr Nlnj
Chow, from Barry via Yokohama.
OCEAN STEAM ERS.
NEW YORK—Arrived Sept 20—Stmr Cymric.
from Liverpool and Queenstown; stmr La Bre
tagne. from Havre; stmr Umbria. from Liver
pool and Queenstown; stmr HelHgov, from
Copenhagen. Chrlstianla and Christiansend.
LIVERPOOL—Arrived. Sept 50—8tmr Etru
rla. from New York via Queenstown.
MOVILLE—Arrived Sept 2O—Stmr Parisian,
from Montreal and Quebec for Liverpool, and
PrBot'LOGNE SUR MER—Sailed Sept ID—
Stmr Rotterdam, from Rotterdam for N«w
York and passed Prawle Point Sept 20.
QUEENSTOWN—Sailed Sept 20—Stmr Luea
nia, from Liverpool for New York.
LONDON—Sailed Sept 1*—Stmr Mera, from
Hamburg for San FrancUco.
8CILLY—Passed Sept 21. 12:30 a m—Stmr
Deutschland. from New York for Plymouth.
Cherbourg and Hamburg.
Liner Reports Speaking the French Bark Gonnetable de
Richemon, Which Signals She Is Out of Provisions and
Is Supplied by the Steamship— Luxor Enters the Bay
CITY OF PEKING ARRIVES
FROM PORTS IN ORIENT
Weather Report.
(120th Meridian— Paclflo Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 20—5 p. m.
THE COAST RECORD. S
"~ o i S 2 2 "5
6TATION* | || |! p f |
1 * I i i- - 8
¦ j • * : ; j
Baker 20.06 76 44 NW Cloudy .00
Carson 29. iyi 80 42 W Clear .00
Eureka 30.02 58 62 N Cloudy .00
Farallon ' 29.05 • 56 51 S Pt.Cldy .00
Fresno ...29.80 82 58 NW Clear .00
Flagstaff 29.06 74 36 S Pt.Cldy .00
Independence .29.80 84 60 SE Clear .00
Los Angeles... 29. 92 78 56 SW Clear .00
Mt Tamil pals. 29.91 80 .. NW Clear .00
North Head... 29. 06 60 64' SE Foggy .06
Phoenix 29.76 86 68 N Clear .00
Pocatello 29.90 78 46 EW Clear .00
Portland 29.90 74 52 W Pt.Cldy .00
Point Reyes... 29. 01 64 48 8W Clear .00
Red Bluff 29.84 90 OT SE Clear .00
Roseburg 29.06 82 46 NW Pt.Cldy .00
Sacramento ..29.82 88 50 S Clear .00
Salt Lake 29.92 80 50 NW Clear .00
San Francisco. 29. 04 58 50 W Pt.Cldy .00
San L. Obispo.20.0« 70 56 W- Clear .00
San Diego 29.92 72 62 NW Clear .00
Seattle 29.0rt 68 B0 S Cloudy .06
Spokane 29.98 60 62 H Cloudy .02
Tatoosh 20.02 64 48 N Rain .28
Walla Walla.. 29. 06 76 56 SW Pt.Cldy .00
Wtnnemucca .29.00 S2 36 N Clear .00
Yuma 20.70 00 C2 W Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS " AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Generally cloudy weather prevails from
Cape Mendoclno northward along the ¦ coast
and over Oregon. Washington and northern
Idaho. Light rain has fallen over western
Washington.
The pressure has/ fallen over the Pacifli
Slope and risen- slowly over the Rocky Moun
tain region
The temperature has risen over Oregon and
remained about stationery In other districts.
The following high winds are. reported: Ta
toosh Island 4S miles per hour from the east
and North Head 48 south.
Forecast male at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, September 21: .
Northern California — Cloudy in north por
tion; fair In south portion; light rain on the
extreme northern coast Monday ; fresh south
west wind.
Southern California — Fair Monday, light
.west wind.
> Nevada — Fair Monday.
San Francisco and vicinity — Generally cloudy
or foggy Monday; freah southwest wind
G. II. WILLSON, Local Forecaster.
Sun, Moon and-Tide.
United States Coa«t and Geodetic Survey
Time and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. ¦ Published by official an
thority of the Superintendent. ,
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height of
tide la the same at both places.
MONDAY. SEPTEMBER 21. '
Sun rises 5:56 a, m.
Sun sets 6:08 p. m.
Moon seta 0:00 p. m.
C iTimel iTlmel Time Time
P j Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
is L W| ]H W L. W H W
21 6-0~i 0.5 11:35 6.7 6:29 0.7
H W L W -\ H W L :W
22 0:00^6.5 6:45 0.8 12:12 B.7 6:17 0B
23 0:65 6.3 6:26 1.2 12:52 5.7 7:04 0.4
24 1:51 6.0 7:07 1.7 1:32 5.6 7:55 0.4
25 2:49 4.7 7:52 2.2 2:17 5.4 8:53 0.5
20 8:50 4.6 8:45 2.6 3:04 6.2 9:55 &G
27 4:57 4.4 9:60 2.0 3:67 4.0 10:57 0.7
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand coinmn and the suecesslve tldea of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column elves the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The height* given are In
addition to the Founding! of the United States
Coast Survey charts.' except when a minus ( — )
»lgn precedes the height, and then the number
Riven is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 21, 1903.
9
R .^ AI< KSTAT1^ — CITY FOR SALK.
W. F. AMBROSE & QQ. "' ' ' ~' 1 '
A map; must be sold;' an elegant 10-room
residenoe: in Aehbury Heights district; large.
£.' V^i ront ? 8 ? : flata could *>• bu "t <« * h «
rear portion of this lot and would pay a hand-
S^tT, 111^? 161 pre » ent rent of residence $50 per
month; this property must be sold within two
wefks; make offer
45:10x137:6; Bettery-st. corner; would pay
big to improve. ¦ *^
~HV XI «L^ :^ WO cheap flats: "Western Addition;
rents $600 per annum; price $6000
¦W. . F. AMBROSE & CO..
*1 and 43 Chronicle building.
* BA £ QAlN -*425oi CORNER LOT. 3
H?£ T £^rJ£rF 25*U«: 134 CLIPPER ST.
EEE OWNER ON PREMISES.
$ir<i0— 2 NEW flats of 4 and 5 r. and b; Army,
near Mission; will pay 20 per cent on lnvest-
raent. D. COFFIN & CO.. 3303 Mission.
B V ILD oa your unimproved realty; we loan
iVvJ?* 1 lm *>rov. and part lot at 0 per cent.
MANHATTAN LOAN CO., Crocker building.
FOR sale— House 8 rms.; high basement'; sunny
elde 19th, bet. Valencia and Mission: no reas.
offer refused. Stephens & Co.. Unlon-sq. Mkt.
MARKET and Dolores — 75xS0 feet. unlm-
. Proved. Pee owner*w slim on premises.
HEAL ESTATE — Country— iKor S*l*.
112.000— REDUCED from $15,000: 471 acres In
Ban Joac.uin; sandy; best alfalfa and Tokay
grape land in the State; Irrigation and trans-
portation facilities. Owner, 454 Thirty-
fourth st., Oakland.
TO lease at Lakeville. Sonoma County, 163
acres of good farming land, 20 acres in wine
grapes; 6-room house, barn, stable, windmill.
i plentj' of water; all well fenced. Apply at
111 Hayes st.
2 ACRES land, adjoining Union Park. Colma;
fenced hedges around land; good house;
chicken-house*, water: reasonable; chickens,
duck.«. R. £. THORNTON'. 410 Examiner bid.
ALFALFA lantf s. stock ranche*. orchards,
vineyards: Inspected bargains; monthly cata-
logues eent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 64S
i Market ft. '
I'O»\T KICIOUVVn RKAL ESTATE.
WATER front lots and bargains; all tracts;
mar», photos, etc. BELL. 417 Parrott bldg.
PROPERTY TO EXCHAXGE.
FOR rale, or will exchange for craln land.
Sacramento or San Joaquln counties pre-
ferred, a J35C0 stock of general merchandise,
groceries and provisions; also the store build-
ing, barn and dwelling if desired; value
t:r«Y\. Address hnx 4S. Falrfield. Cal.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS. .
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
JTTST WHAT YOU ARE LOOKING FOR.
A PRETTY HOME IN ALAMEDA.
Burrounded by flowers and fruit trees; near
train and schools ; only $2SO0; lot 75x125.
Nice 5-room cottage and bath.
ALAMEDA LAN'D COMPANY,
Tel. Grand 1410. 1500 Park St., Alameda.
12600 NEW house of 6 rooms; Encinal sta-
tion; large lot; terms.
Choice lots in all parts of Alameda: will
build on terms to suit.
J. • H. TOrXG. owner ar.d builder. 1243
Park St.. Alameda.
ALAJIEDA HOUSES.
FOR rent — A furnished cottage of B large
rooms, large grounds; all modern conven-
iences; 1 block from Bay station, broad
gaupe. Apply 1530 St. Charles st., Alameda. :
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 aBOADWAY.
OAKLAND HEAL ESTATE.
$100 CASH and $50 a month buys new. colonial
houst; fine marine view; central and con-
venient; dinlns-room paneled in curly red-
¦vrood; orien and nickel plumbing; lot 60x j
145; surrounded by maeniflcent homes;
owner prefers to sell on terms rather than j
rent: ?50 a month rt-fused as lent for this
house; a rare opportunity to buy a mag-
nificent home came as paying rtnt: abso-
lutely as represented and price $1000 less
than cost to duplicate.
GEORGE W. AUSTIN or J. 8. MYERS.
1002 Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND FX R\ITCR.E.JFOjR ,^ALB.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In furni-
ture. H; S:hellhaas. 11th Et..eor.store.OakInd.
ROOMS FOR UOUSEKEEI'IXG.
A COZY 3-room apartment; ?30 up; free hot
bathF; electric lights; call to-day. Knicker-
bocker Apartments. 1340 Pine et., near Hyde.
ANTLERS, 415 Turk st.— Strictly modern; 4-5
room apartments; fur. or unfur. lor hskpg.
CALIFORNIA. 1TG3, near Pclk— New and ele-
gantly furnished housekeeping rooms; also
suite and single rooms.
' CliL'RCH. 200— For rent, two nicely furnished
connecting rooms for housekeeping; running
water, closets and all conveniences; both Fill-
more and Harket-Et. cars pass doer.
ELEGANTLY furnished suite or single; gas
and bath; near Park Panhandle. Box 1776.
Call ¦ office. I
FELL, 22S — Elegantly . furnished suites for
housekeeping; bath, gas, range; adults.
I GEARY, B78 — Very large sunny front room,
with kitchen. $2o; suany back suite, $15.
HERBERT (The) — Sunny apartments for
housekeeping; gas ranges; Just cewly fur-
Plshed. 15G0 Polk Et.
LARKIN. 433— Nicely furnished rooms for
housekeeping.
LASKIE, 27. oft Mission, bet. Eighth and
Ninth — 3 sunny furnished housekeeping
rooms; rent cheap.
OAK, CS — 4 sunny unfurnished housekeeping
rooms. $15; also 2 others. $7; adults.
PINK, 15*00 — FurniBhed and unfurnished, sunny
housekeeping suites of 2 or 3 rooms.
I POST, 1025 — In modern flat, 203 rooms, house-
keeping privileges, from $10 ud.
ST. JAMES, McAllister and Laguna— Fur-
nished sunny euite. with separate sunny
kitchen: Kas range; all complete for house-
keeplng; $15 up.
THE GIll«*ple. 119 Ninth st.— Nicely furnished
rooms. $1 50 to $3 per week; phone; quiet.
ItUOMS TO LliT—Fnrn, and Unfara.
A — BRUNSWICK House, 14S Sixth — Rooms
25c to $1 per night, $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "Thf Almonte," S73 Market et. (or No. 1
Fifth et.) — Rooms, 25c, 50c. $1, $1 50 night;
$1 50 to $10 week; house open ail night.
BURNETT, 1420 Market — (old No. 1364) — Fur-
nished rooms. Euite, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
GRAND Southern 7th and Mission — Rooms 50c
to $1 50 night; $2 to $3 week; reading-room.
HOTEL GRAYSTONE
C<5 Geary st.; phene Bush 8S0.
Centrally located fireproof hotel; elegantly
furnished suites, with baths and singles.
JESSIE. 303, east of U. S. Mint — Furnished
rooms, $5 per month; for 2, $10. '
LAHKIN 817H— Nicely furnished sunny front
room; largo closet; reasonable. ¦
MISSION. 1S03A. cor. Fourteenth st. — Newly
furnished eunny bay-window; all conven-
iences; reasonable.
MONTGOMERY, 131 — Newly fur. sunny double
rooms; gentlemen ; rno. 8, week $2, flay 60c.
<y FARRELL, 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day. week. mo.
PLEABANT. 79. off Jones, near Clay — Single
room; bath and phone.
PRIVATE family; elegantly furnished suite;
lavatory, hot and cold water, bath, telephone;
accessible; gentlemen; refs. Box 1781. Call.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis — Incandescent lights,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par.
lor; rocms txr niciit, 35c to $1 50; week. $2
to $S; month, $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
ST. JAMES, McAllister and Lag^ina— Front
eunny rooms; all new; very cheap; telephone
Page 5751. . . - . :
TURK. 121S — Furnished. unfurnished and
houeekeeplng rooms.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy st. near Market—
400 Einele and family rooms; 35c to $1 night;
$1 75 to $8 week; elevator; electric lights;
reading-room; free bus and bagirage.
WEBSTER, 06 — Elegantly furnished front par-
lor suite of rooms; all conveniences; private
family; for 2 gentlemen or man and wife.
WINCHESTER HoteJ, 44 3d it,, near Market—
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
35c to $1 CO night; $2 to $8 week; elevator;
elec lights; reading-room; free bus; baggage.
A BRANCH office, for Call advertisements and
Fubscriptlons, baa been established at 1006
.Valencia, it. I
ROOMS AKD BOARD.
STEVENSON Mansion, 807 California st-^At-
tractive and sightly rooms; best table and
service: loweat rates. • .
VAN NESS ave.. 1714 — Private boarding-house,
home like, everything first class; sunny
suites; single rooms; choice locality; ref.
HATES. 671— Nice front room with board for
gentleman; private family; reasonable.
EUNNY front suites with board. 615 Taylor st.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
THE Golden Gate Lodge No. 203, O. B. A.
Divine services will be held the coming holi-
days, '^3*V^m commencing September
21, 1903, by CANTOR S. GOLDSTEIN and
choir at Teutonic Hall, 1318 Howard st. By
order the committee. Tickets for sale, at
tha hall.
THE annual meeting of the lot owners of the
Odd Fellows* Cemetery will be held on Mon-
day, September 28, 1903, at 2 p. m., at the
office of the association. Point Loboa ave.,
for the election of four trustees, etc. ...By
order of the board of trustees.
WILLIAM E. LUTZ, President.
GEORGE PENLIXCTON, Secretary.
NOTICE is hereby given that the Transfer
Books for the transfer of stock of The Bank
of California will bo closed September 15,
1903, at 3 o'clock p. m., and will reopen on
Friday. October 2. 1903. By order of the
Board ot Directors.
• ALLEN M. CLAY. Secretary.
September 3. 1903.
DR. A. E. • KECMEISTER, Surgeon — Special
attention given to medical and surgical dis-
eases of women, diseases of the liver, stom-
ach and bowels. 613-14 Starr King bldg.,
121 Geary St.; tel. Private Exchange 210.
————————
CATARRH, DEAFNESS and NOISES m EARS
positively cured; new method; 1 week's treat-
ment free. Dr. Cottlngham. 204 Sutter st.
9TUTTEBIKG AKD STAM31EKIXO.
MELBOURNE School. Van Ness-Market — Cure
in evex-y case; individual teaching; no medi-
cine. Inquire Into wonderful cures; home cure.
DIVIDEM) NOTICKS.
DIVIDEND Notice. — Mercantile Trust Company
of San Francisco— Dividend No. 2 of three
dollars per share will be payable at the of-
fice of the corporation, 230 Bush st., San
Francisco, October 1, 1903; transfer books
will close September 23, 1903.
JOHN D. McKEE. Secretary.
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS,
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication ofncea and bs
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
B0EN.
OLSSON— In this city, September 19, 1903. to
the wife of Ludwlg Olsson, a son.
MARKIED.
TASOLSKI— DE DOBROGOISKI— In this city,
September 20, 1903, by the Rev. Father Cum-
mins, Tcodor E. Taeolakl and Adela A. De
Dobrogoiskl.
IXLEIX
Andersen, Peter J. McXamara, Margaret
Cuneo, Joseph Mayer, Otto
Curley, Nora Neuman, Adelaide E.
Deicke, Otto R. R. Norin. Mary A.
De La Vega, Gabriel Osborn. Benjamin
De Martini, Teresa Osterdahl, Oscar
Dlmmick, Dr. F. E. Petersen, Mitrtin
Dugan. Felix J. Plngglo, Angela
Gamble, William P. I*iatt, Carrau
George. Mrs. Sophia Sherman. Frank J.
Karp, Ernest B. Sophey, Jane E.
Kelly. R. R. Stone, Emma L.
Lynch, James H. Tbd, Eliza B.
McCarthy, James E. Tuttle, Lucy M.
ANDERSEN— In this city. September 19, 1903,
at the residence of h!s parents, 1150 Sixth
avenue South, between J and K streets South,
Peter Joseph, dearly beloved son of^ Peter
and Mary Andersen, and brother of John M.
Andersen, a native of San Francisco.
CUNEO — An anniversary requiem mass will be
celebrated at !> o'clock, Tuesday, September
22 at Sts. Peter and Paul's (Italian) Church,
for the repose of the soul of Joseph Cuneo,
deceased; also at same hour at St. Mary's
(Paulist) Church, corner of Dupcnt and Cali-
fornia streets. Friends are Invited to attend.
CURLEY— In this city, September 19, l»03.
Nora Curley, a native of County Clare, Ire-
land, aged i53 years.
(C7Rtmains at the parlors of McFadden,
McBrearty & Green. 1171 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth.
DEICKE — In this city, September 19. 1903. Otto
R. R. Deicke, dearly beloved husband of
Louise \V. Deicke, and stepfather of Henry
F. Treder, a native of Pommen, Germany,
aged 53 years 9 months and 25 days. A mem-
ber of Verein Elntracht and Court Hubertus
No. 15, F. of A. !
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect- j
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, fjom the parlors of
H. F. Puhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth, thence to Eln-
tracht Hall, Twelfth street, near Folsom,
where services will be held, commencing at
1:30 p. "m. Interment Mount Olivet Ceme-
tery by electric funeral car from Eighteenth
and Guerrero streets.
DE LA VEGA— In this city, September 20,
1903, Gabriel, dearly beloved son of Mr. and
Mrs. De La Vega, a native of San Francisco,
aged 6 days.
DE MARTINI— In this city. September 19.
1903, Teresa, dearly beloved wife of Antonio
De Martini, beloved mother of Ralph and the
late Louis De Martini, and grandmother of
Alfred De Martini, a native of Italy, aged
49 years 9 months and 8 days.
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully notified that the funeral takes place
to-day (Monday), at 1:30 oclock, from
her late residence, 1600 Tonquin street, be-
tween Broderick and Baker (Harbor View),
thence to Italian Church, corner Dupont and
Filbert streets, for benediction. Interment
New Italian Cemetery. •
DIMMICK— In Contra Costa County, Septem-
ber 17, 1903, Dr. F. E. H. Dlmmick, beloved
husband of Florence Dimmlck, son of Mr.
and Mrs. Joseph Dimmlck, and brother of
Virgie. Ellis, Carroll and Lillian Dimmlck,
a native of Windsor. Cal., aged 31 years 7
months and 18 days.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Monday,
September 21, 1903, at 2 o'clock, from his
late residence. 106\% Willow street. Inter-
ment Mountain View Cemetery, Oakland.
i DUGAN— In this city, September 20. 19C3, Felix
J beloved husband of Mary Dugan, and
father of Frank P.. Hattie and the late
Irene Dugan, a native of Washington, D. C,
aged 3ft years 4 months and 18 day3.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday) at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1227 York street, thence to St. Peter's
Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. »
GAMBLE — In this city. September 1R, 1903,
William P.. beloved husband of Margaret
F Gamble, and son of John and Lucy A.
Gamble, a native of Tuolumne County. Cal..
aged 43 years 5 months and 20 days.
(C7The funeral eervices will be held to-
day (Monday), at 11:45 o'clock, at the
parlors of Halsted & Co.. 946 Mission street.
Interment Mountain View Cemetery. Oak-
land.
GEORGE— In Oakland, September 20, 1903,
Mrs. Sophia J. George, beloved mother of
Mrs. 8. W. Chubbuck, a native of England,
aged 86 years 2 months and 3 days.
KARP In this city. September 20, 1903, Ernest
Bruno Karp dearly beloved eon of Henry and
Wllhelmlna Karp. and beloved brother of
Robert, Maximilian, John, Georpe, William,
Margaret, Emma and the late Carl Karp, a
native of Ran Francisco, aged 4 years C
months and 28 days.
KELLY — In this city, September 17. 1903, R. .
R. Kelly, a native of Ireland, aged 45 years.
A member of Eureka Lodge No. 0146, A. O.
F • Oriental Encampment No. 67, I. O. O. F.,
and Stablemen's Union No. 8760.
IDT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of McFadden. McBrearty & Green, 1171 Mis-
sion street, thence to Odd Fellows' Hall, cor-
ner of Market and Seventh streets, where
servlceg will be held under the auspices of
Oriental Encampment No. 67, I. O. O. F. In-
terment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
LYNCH — In Council City. Alaska, August 30.
1903, James H., dearly beloved son of Hugh
and Mary Lynch, and brother ot Joseph T.
Emma T., Walter H. and Sarah M. Lynch,
Mrs. J. 8. Egan and Mrs. 2. F. McKenna, a
native of Ban Francisco, aged 31 years 2
months and 21 days.
MCCARTHY— In this city. September 19, 1003.
James Edward, beloved son of James F. and
Helen McCarthy, a native or San Francisco,
aged 26 days.
E7The funeral will take place to-day
(Monday), at 9:30 a. m., from tho residence
of the parents, 408 Harrison street. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
McNAMARA — In this city, September 19, 1903,
Margaret T.. beloved wife of the late James
8. McNamara, and mother of John B. and
James P. McNamara and Mrs. F. J. Jordan,
a native of Croon. County Limerick. Ireland,
aged 70 years.
ItyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9:30 a. m.. from her late resi-
dence. 3031 Sixteenth street, near Mission,
thence to Mission Dolores Church, where a
James McGinn. Henry Hansen. I
JAMES McGINN & CO.. ~"* ea - I
Formerly With McGinn Bros.. 1
——Funeral Directors and Embalmers.- I
214 Eddy Bt.; Tel. South 670. I
AUCTION SALES
Auction Sale
40 head BROKEN* and UNBROKEN MARE3
and GELDINGS: Suitable for all purposes.
Also span stylish bay carriage* geldings, 10.%
one single-footing saddle mar*
Consigned from Sisklyou and Laaasn oountltw.
Sale Takes Place
THIS DAY.
Monday, September21,1903
At 11 a. m. at
SALE3YARD 1732 MARKET ST.
FRED H. CHASE & CO..
Livestock Auctioneers^
Horses now at yard. ¦
AUCTION SALE of horses, harness, wagons,
WEDNESDAT. Sept. 23, at 11 a. re. Art-ad*
Horse Market, 327 Sixta st. JOHN J. DOYLE,
auctioneer.
r> Just arrived and will b« told at auction,
A-t$ IT good WORK and DRIVING HORSES.
also a lot of surreys, express wagons, rubber-
tire buggies and carts, and 11 a«t» of slngl*
and double harness, at 1140 Folsom st., TUE3-
DAY, September 22. at 11 a. m.
i
:
I
i
OCEAN TBAVEL,
®Bteamer» lear« San Fran-
cisco as follows:
For Ketchlkan. Wrangel.
Juneau. Halnes. Skagw*'.
etc. Alaska—11 •. m., Sept.
18 *23. 23. Oct 3. Chang*
to' company's steamers at
Seattle.
For Victoria, Vancouver.
Port Townsend. Seattle. Ta-
coma Everett Whatcora—11 a. m., Sept. IS,
23 28. Oct 3. Change at Seattle to this com-
pany's steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry.: at
Seattle for Tacoma to N. P. Ry.; at Vancou-
ver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)—Pomona, 1:80
p. m.. Sept. 19. 25. Oct. 1; Corona, l:S0 p. m.,
i Sept. 22 2S. Oct. 4.
For Los Angeles (via Port Lo« Angelea and
' Redondo) San Diego and Santa Barbara—
: Santa Rosa, Sundays. 0 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays. 0 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro) Santa Barbara, Santa Crua. Mon-
terey. San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford (Saa
Luis Oblspo). Ventura and Hueneme.
Coos Bay a a m.. Sept. 22. 30. Oct. 8.
Bonlta. 9 a. m.. Sept. IS. 26. Oct. 4.
For Ensenada Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Ro-
! salla. Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. ex.. 7th of each
month.
j For further Information obtain folder.
Right Is reserved to change ateamers or sail.
ing dates.
TICKET OrriCES—4 New Montgrom-
. ery street (Palace Hotel). 10 Market street and
Broadway wharf.
Freight office. 10 Market street.
C. D. DUNANN. General Passenger Agent.
10 Market street. San Francisco.
O. R. & N. CO.
"Columbia" sails Sept. 20 30 Oct 10 20.
SO. -George W. Elder" sails Sept. '25. *Oct.
5. 15. 23. Only steamship Una to PORTLAND.
OR., and short rail line from Portland to all
points East. Through tickets to all points,
all rail or steamship and rail at LOWEST
RATES. Steamer tickets Include berth and
meals. Steamer sails foot of Spear st- at 11
i a. m. S. F. BOOTH. Gen. Agt. Paaa. Dept. 1
Montgomery st.; C. CLIFFORD. Gen. Agt. Fit.
Dept.' 3 Montgomery st.
,oeosececooooeooQoeeooa
I IMPORTANT! I
jg ¦ .; •
• Change of Sailing Date. %
S S.S. SLPAUL, J
• For Nome and St. Michael •
5 WILL SAIL ON - 9
: THURSDAY, September 24 :
J 2 P. M. g
q Instead of 29th inst. as previously S
X advertised. J*
© NORTHERN COMMERCIAI* CO.. O
Q 645 Market st.. San Francisco. 0
TOYO KfSEN KAISHA,
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO->
Steamers will leave wharf, corner First and
Brannan streets, at 1 p. m., for YOKOHAMA
and HONGKONO. calling at Kobe (Hlogo).
Nagasaki and Shanghai, and connecting at
Hongkong with steamers for India, etc. No
cargo received on board on day of railing
S. S. HONGKONO MARU (calling at Ma-
nila) Saturday. September 19. 190S
8. S. NIPPON MARU .,
Thursday, October 13. 1903
S. S. AMERICA MARU
Tuesday. November 10. 12KW
Via Honolulu. Round trip tickets at reduced
rates. For freight and passage, apply at Com-
pany's office. 421 Market street, corner First.
"W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
oeeanic8.s.eo.sgji
S. 8. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu. Sept. 28.11 a-m.
8 S. VENTURA, for Honolulu, Samoa. Auck-
'land and Sydney. Thursday, Oct. H, 2 p. m.
S. S. MARIP03A, for Tahiti. Oct. 26, 11 a. m.
jjispsnEU t Bzas.es., ists^TUiteiscB.su lanta
|n(afctltaa.Ul brtatlUfhrli. 7.fidSe n.
KOSMOS LINE.
SPLENDID S. S. LUXOR «300 TONS
Carrying First and Second Class Passengers.
Balls Sept. 24. 1U03. fcr London and Hamburg.
?la Mexican. Central and South American port*.
Loweat Fares. Unequaled 8arrlc«.
J. D. EPRECKELS * BROS. CO.. Afaat*
843 Market st,.-Ban Francisco. ¦
C0XPA69IK GSaiSALS TRAK3ATiaSTI<JirS.
DIRECT LIN"E TO HAVRE-PARIS. _-^«_
Sailing every Thursday Instead of^KOBk
Saturday, at 10 a, m.. frofn Pier 42. *«"H*V
North River, foot of Morton st.
First-class to Havre |70 and upward. Seo^
ond-class I to Havre. $45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA 32 Broadway (Hudson Building).
New York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. S Montgomery avenue. San Franclaco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
Mara Island and Valltjo Bt—mtr*.
Steamer GEN. FRISBIB or MON'TTCKLLO—
9:45 a. m.. 3:15 and 8:3O p. m.. except Sunday.
Sunday. 9:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leave Vallejo,
7 a m.. 12:30 noon. 0 p. m.. ex Sunday. Sun-
day 7 a m. 4:15 p. m. Fare. 60 cents. Tel.
Main 1509. Pier 2. Mlsaion-st. dock. HATCH
BROS.
Weekly Call,$1.00 per Year
AKE NOT THKSeTIaRGAINsT" ~*
Eben&u & Hyde upright • .117
tinger "-{ »
- Urines . ••••-........ 85 159
mec£; S «£?" " kppVy ' ' « 1 "pn«:«»»? T tartS?
S^iJ^S °°- 235 " 2 " 7 Geary st. Urg-
«-M exclusive plaso house cf the West.
M F mJ- P '» anO Eh ''P^<l by high class East-
to^sSvc ™ W1!I ** soId " actual cost
to 8a\e retarn of rrelsht. 237 Geary st.
A ZiI?5!5 bt ' left b >' Private party.
*1U». a great bargain. 237 Geary st.
*£•«"?« * a bs tone - Wl » S° i*-rcu8h the
••v^pi!\r? 0 ™ Pay< For **** cr for 6ale - The
tTJ T . .1 i,,,, 1 ''* 00 : a magnificent instrument.
Bmn-nMr Piano; best quality for the
i...nc> on the coast. Some hig bargains In
r*' r <iil£ a nd Pianos. SCOTT CITRTAZ Piano
*-°" >' > * ) -<--C4 Hayes tt. ; tel.. Fell 576L -
TOU Jo mt take any chances when buying
from js Our tntthods are well known to be
and above board. "Big bargains, not
t g a^s, i« our rule. All goods guaranteed
*s represented or no Fala. Call and tee Urn*
nt « of new and u «ed Instruments.
Z "EZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 763 Mar- j
»et ¦!.
A FEW goofl bargains, from $S0 up. Including
puch makes as Mason & irumlin. Vose,
Sterling, Marshall & Wendell. Fischer. Klrk-
Hiann. Carlitt. YVewr. Peaw. Kohler & Chase
and many ethers: eusy rayir.ents. lienj. Cur-
taz A Son. 16 O'Farrcll; r.o branches in S. F.
THE greatest opportunity ever offered in Eaa
Fran-isco to gtt a good reliable pl&no cheap.
Before cur removal we will sacrifice any In-
strument for cash or Installments. Call or
for prl<x« and I'rme at once. KOHLKR I
& CHASE. Eftablifht-d 1S50. 30 CV Farrell.
BAND lr.f trument* ; F. ISesson. Paris, maker
Gu» Maiwald.Agt. Pac. Coast. 27S O'Farre'.l:
eklllful re;.airing; 2J-hand Instruments cold.
HARE chance; cash or payments; elegant high
grade u;>rlcht. 1C McAllister Et.
tnredepiiwd etorap* pianos and furniture dirt
chfar. Whlteh.ad'g Storage. 1C30 Market st. I
BEAUTIFUL 3-peda! Stelnway upright plane;
I^rfeot order: sacrifice. Keeffe's.2S5 O' Farrell.
SUY direct from the factory and save 60 per
«-<T.t. HORXUNG. ;ic McAllister st.
SOHMER. Byron V.auzy pianos. Cecilian piano
player. BYP.ON MAUZY. 3OS-312 Post st.
trPEHIOlt violins, zithers. cM and new. H.
-Mi I.LER. na'.:<»r. rerairvr. 2 Latham plar^ ]
PIANOS A.\D OnCAJTS.
I'AIIT Kit our Uat of bargains in eecond-haad
pianos . fcr September. 1W)3 —
Original
Price. Now.
1 FCHUMAJC & EONS —
Walnut case, medium sire, 7 1-3
octaves, three pedals, raised carved
in good condition $300 $140
1 RICHMOND—
.".¦..:.,-.:>¦ cose, email size, r&lsed
eir»« 1 panels, 7 1-3 octaves, three
pedals, slightly used, but in good
t ondition 300 173
1 SPENCER—
Walnut case, cabinet prand en-
graved panels, three pedaJs, 7 1-3
t octaves, good condition " 225 180
2 HOWARDS —
Walnut cases, medium file. 7 1-3
octaves, three pedals, mandolin at-
tachments, good condition; each.. 300 1S3
1 MOLLENHAUEU & BACH—
Walnut case, large eize. raised
c^-ved ranels. three pedals. 7 1-3
oS»v«. m very good condition 350 190
1 NEWMAN BROS.—
Walnut case, large Flze upright.
T 1-3 octaves, thoroughly renovated,
?¦qual to r.ew 350 200
1 Ll'DWIG & CO. —
Oak case, medium s'.ze, raised
caned jarn-is. 7 1-3 octaves, three
pedals, good tore, in fine condition. 350 210
Cctr.p'.ete list furnished on application at
cur etore. SHERMAN. CLAY & C<i.,
Cnrr*>r KeMtry an^ Putter lets.
PEnSOXALS.
A— FACIAL IiLEMlSHES REMOVED.
T»'rlxikie», yellow and f.afcby skin, birthmarks.
> ¦ . - . : ;.":: t - and scars ecienli!ically r«—
n^ovec without cutting, rr.a-ssage. elctt-iclty rr
medicine*; cpcclal demonstrations this week.
Call cr write Dr. L. WILLIAMS. 371 Gear> .
SPECIAL— Reduced for the month cnly. home
treatnifat that you can use at your osra
r.'me, "¦ernovirg wrinkles, tan. freckles, leav-
ing Ekln cuar and einocth: to be had only at
! try office. Ctli cr ¦write M. ELLA HARRIS.
781 OTarrell gt.
THE gtar Hair Remedy rrstoree pray hair, lm-
rroves Its gr.wth.s-. ops falling, ci<re« dandmS
ar.d itching scalp; no etain or ct;ck:ne&s:
c!ear.ses pca.'p; at druggists', hairdriers ac-
cept no -ubetltute. Btar Reme<lyCo..3SS30ar>-.
i ¦' ". bow '-:•..;. but how good Is the motto of
the manufacturers ct the Rapid Rotary
Etandard, the bewlng-machine of to-day. J.
W. EVANS, arent. HB1 Market St. j
PH YFICIAN, 13 yeurs' eXB»-rience, cures per-
rr.anenUy morphine, cocaine habit. Call or
e<5<Sress Or.tral Pharmacy, 2L1 Grant ave..
rcmer Putter %%..; fee moderate.
DRUNKENNESS, morchir.e end all crag dis-
eases positively cured by Willow Bark Co.,
l*^a Polk Ft.; consultation free; call or write.
REMOVAL— DR. W. C. ETRATTON ha» re^
moved his efflf^ from 2255 Mission st. to
rooms 573 and 574. Parrott bldg (Emporiusa).
li AlRDP.r.SSING in all tranches taught: $5 for
2 week*. Up-to-Date Hairdressing Parlors.
1C26 Market *t.. room 1. upstairs.
DANCING Tuf>5<Jay. Thursday. Saturday and
Sunday evenings at Teutcsia Hail. Howard
ft., r.ear Ninth; management Prof. Fester.
•"WITHOUT Medicines"; only positive cure Tit
total deafness ar.d deaf-mutes. Box 4234.
Call office.
AT 1'es than cost, uncalled fcr FUlts. overcoats
«nd trousers, at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor. 721 Market ft.
THE highest pi-Ice paid for Indies' or gents"
caBt-off clothlnt? and all articles of value ».t
WEIN'REHGS. U4A E1I!« St.
L'LEGANT cult* 011 easy Installments; 50 cents
end u;. per wefk. LEON LEMOS. 11*7
Market et.. between Seventh and Eighth.
WHERE Is DON GEOVANI? Address box 4311.
CaJl office.
EVPERFLUOUS hair ar.d moles removed by
electric needle. Dr.&Mrs.TraverFe,1170 Mrkt.
PENSION attorney; M. HARRIS. 40 Ells St..
• Bar. Francisco: 14 years' experience.
THE beet pl»c« to buy rood umbrella* or
have them covered or repaired Is 120 Stocktcn.
ALL ntyles Ua:r<Jre££;r.g 25c; hair goeds; inanl-
cvrLng. 25c. O. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st.
TaILOR-MADE suit $~ 50; dress pants $2 50.
Misfit Clothing I'arlor. cor. Bush and Dupont.
llASCt'EKADE costumes, play bocks, wigs,
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Ukt
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henta restores gray
hair to its natural color; <1 ; at all druggists'.
fcup*rnuou« hair end mo!e« removed with elec-
tric needle. Mr«. & Miss Eaton. 1119 Sutter.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cntF— The Weekly Call.
lfl pag*". in wrapper. f?r mailing. t\ per year.
PALMISTRY.
HUE DEVAf? — Scientific palmist and e«trolt>-
r'.et. Palm reedings $1. Hours 10 to 12 and
I to 6. and Tuesday evenings. 129 Post st
H. JEROME FOSELLI, scientific palmist. 515
Taylor St.. nesr Geary. Phone Black SCI.
PUVS1C1AS8 AKD SClltiKOSS.
JDR~~C~C O' DON NELL — Office end residence,
1C21»4 Market Bt.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
liLOOD ekin and recial diseases a epecialty.
DR. CALL. 10724 Market st
ltEKOVED — DR. tVONG HIM. herb doctor;
treats all diseases cf the human body; for
pa«t four years at 115-117 Mason; now lo-
cated at CC7 Geary Et.. near Leavenworth.
UR. TONG PO CHY. successor to Dr. Li Po
Tal. herb doctor; cures all dispases of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington Bt.
WONG WOO the famous herb doctor — All dls-
*ayes cur"d fcy Chinese herbs. 74fi-S Clay st.
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard St.. near Third; phone Grant 1GL
Pinr.CE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co.. of-
fice Post »nd Powell stt.; tel. Prtv. Ex. B71.
COHKLDTfl storage — Furniture and merchan-
glse. 333 Golden Gate ave.; phone East 126.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made; 840
illbelon et. ; tel. Howard 941. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
¦pany. 2320 Fillmore st.; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
et.; tel. Main 1K4O. .Shipping at cut rates.
m;uix. MAcnixES AJVP SCI ' 3P _ t l I . ls? *_
KEW HOME eewing machine, this week only,
flO. $15, $20; slightly used: needles 20c doz.
NITW HOME S. M. CO..,1051 Market st.
TVPEHRITKRS A>U S^PPLIEg.
CREAT^ARGAINS US TYPEWRITERS— W«
sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 636 California; telephone Main 2C3.
Jl FEW good typewriters at «30 c&ch: ret par-
Ucuian. L. &. M. Alexander. 110 Mont-
gomery s*^ ¦
2D-HANT) typewriters eold. rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Ixurpeo. Ca. 60S Market.
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 10 a. m.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MATER— In this city, September 10, 1903, Otto,
dearly beloved son of. Wanda and tha late
Wendelln Mayer, and brother of Mrs. L.
Becker, Mrs. A. Rulfa and Albert, Rudolph
and the late Emma Mayer, a native of San
Francisco, aged 31 years 2 months and 21
days.
(?rrriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from 70S Lombard
street. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery."
NEUMAN — In this city, September 19. 1903.
Adelaide E.. beloved ¦ daughter of Andrew
and the late "Mary Neuman, and sister of
Alexander, Arthur, James and drover Neu-
man and Mrs. W. W. Sanderson and Mrs. C.
H. Dobbel, a native of Woodside, Cal., aged
23 years.
NORIN — In this city, September 19, 1903, Mary
Ann Norin, beloved sister of the late Mrs.
P. Rlley, Mrs. T. Clark and Margaret ' Phil-
lips, and loving aunt of Mrs. D. C. Herlihy
and Mrs. William Kehoe. a native of, Ireland.
C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from tha parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 7G7 Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where a re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 8:45 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery by 11 a. m.
train from Third and Townsend streets.
OSBORN — In Alameda, September 20. 1903,
Benjamin J. Osborn, beloved brother of Mrs.
George H. Payne, a native of East Hampton,
N. Y., aged 59 years 7 months and 23 dayi.
OSTERDAHL— In this city, September 10,
1003, Oscar Osterdahl. beloved husband of
Maggie Osterdahl. and brother of Fred Os-
terdahl, a native of Sweden, aged 40 years
11 months and 22 days.
lETTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
September 22, 1903, at 1 o'clock, from
Charles J. B. Metzler*s parlors. 636 Washing-
ton street, thence to 413. Sutter street. Druid
Hall wh"*re the services will be held, com-
mencing at 2 o'clock, under the auspices of
Templar Grove No. 19. U. A. O. D. Inter-
ment Laurel Hill Cemetery-
PETERSEX— In this city. September 19, 1003,
Martin Petersen. husband of Mary J. Peter-
*en, and father of William. Minnie, Thomas.
Harrison, Martin and Anna Peternen. a na-
tive of Germany, aged 56 years 0 months
and 21 days.
CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), from his late residence, 247 D
street. Pan Rafael, at 10:30 o'clock. Inter-
ment Mount Tamalpais Cemetery.
PIAGGIO— In this city. September 19, 1903.
Angela, dearly beloved wife of Agostlfto Piag-
glo. and mother of Emma, Eva and Jessie
Piaggio and Mrs. Catherine Armaninl, a na-
tive of Italy, aged 45 years 7 months and 19
days.
tC^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1622 Stockton street. N. B.— At 10
a. m. same day a requiem high mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul at
Sts Peter and Paul's Italian Church. Inter-
ment New Italian Cemetery.
PRATT— In this city. September 20 1903. Car-
rau, beloved son of Fred and Pauline Pratt.
a native of San Francisco, aged . months
and 25 days.
ET- Interment private. Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
SHERMAN At Avalon, near Los Angeles,
September 19. 1903, Frank Joseph Sherman,
beloved son of Elizabeth and the late Martin
Sherman, and devoted brother of Mltchel
Sherman, Mrs. C. Kieffer. Mrs. F. McGowan
and Mrs. J. Busch, a native of Clara County
Missouri, aged 29 years 9 months and 13
days.
SOPHEY— A solemn requiem high mass will
be celebrated on Monday, September 21. for
the repose of the fouI of Jane E. Sophey at
Rt Patrick's Church at 9:30 o'clock. Friends
are respectfully invited to attend.
STONE— In Oakland, September 20, 1003. at
1139 East Nineteenth street. Emma L., be-
loved wife of William Stone, and mother of
William Stone of San Francisco Mrs. A. O.
Schoonmaker of New York and Mrs. OB.
Hollenbeck of Oakland, aged 63 years. (New
York papers please copy.)
Cr Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock, at her
late home, 1139 East NMneteenth street. East
Oakland. Interment private.
TOD— In this city. September 19, 1903, Eliza
Pruce, beloved wlf<v of James Tod, a native
of Scotland.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Monday), at ltf© o'clock, at the
chapel of Charles H. J. Truman & Co.. 1W9
MissTon street, between Fifteenth and Six-
teenth. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery
by carriage.
TUTTLE— In this city. September 20, 1903,
Lucy M.. mother of Charles W. Tuttle a na-
tiv« of Walpole. Mass.. aged 68 years. (East-
ern papers please copy.)
[CT-Funeral services will be held at 1.30
P. m. Tuesday. September 22, at 2559 Bush
street. Interment private.
1 e2al M Tn wfli fJg^M BSfifii B 1 ns^rl I fffnv^AlflMerlo Andrea, Smario Edoardo, MatteuccI
Knrico, Kevello Emilio, Rocca Andrea. Arata
Francesco, Alberiei Silvio. Dorsolina Valente,
Llna ParodI, Carmelina Beronio, Caterina
Depaoli, Amablle bemartinl, Ida Agostl, Ellsa
V'olpone, N?.tallna Delucchi, Linda Beronio,
Maria Marenco, Elvira Valente. Depaoli
Pletro, Coeta Mario. Rossi Giovanni. Depaoli
Angelo, Dapelo Giovanni, Camlsa Ennlo,
Galeoto Gippseppe, Zerga. Attilio, Promosso,
Maria Dematel, Ernestina Minori, Adele Pe
trall, Giulia Malerbt, Anita Adatnl, Giulia
Ferrari, Rosa Uacigalupi, Ida Parodl, Maria
Parodl, Arturo Carfagni, Nancy Belli, Tereslna
Malerbi, Kmma Iii-Ulno, I.ulsi Dematel, Eliza
Kerrari, Yole Tofanelli, Adellna Paxani, An
tonletta I'etrocchi, MarRherlta Gotelll, Vittorla
Sobrero, Anglollna MatteuccI, Ernesto Mu
sante. Promoted — Violetta Bacigalupi, Ade
laide Xegro.
. The committees in charge of the recep
tion and ball were as follows: f~~
Executive — C'av. J. K. Fugazi, Dr. O. Perrone,
Cav. L. Vanzi. Dr. A. F. Lucchettl, R. Van
nucfi. V. Monti, Dr. S. Galeoto, Dr. L. I).
Bacisalupi. G. Belli. R. Petri, W. Demartini,
G. Chlapriari, F. Marlnl. J. Paganetto, G. Blg
notti, P. Chelt, S. Rovere, F. B. Russi, A. Fer
rogRiaro. l.\ Hot-si. F. Mancuso. A. Chlapparl,
G. Bacigalupi, R. Cuneo. L,. Giuntlnl, G. Pelle
grini, G. do I.uccihl, J. filusso, G. Cuneo.
Reception— T. Bacigalupi, P. Barbieri, G. Al
magia, ex-president; A. fcbarboro. Dr. P. de
Vecchl. Dr. G. CaKlleri. Dr. C. Barsottl, Dr.
E. d'Ercole. Cav. Dr. A. Delucls. Dr. F. Bo
nino. Dr. E. Sartori. Dr. A. F. Lucchettl. Dr.
B. Cipelli. Dr. O. Gambotto. Cav. O. Calegarls,
G. laccheri. J. Valente, E. t'ntl, L. Torre, A.
Ferropgiaro, G. Chlapparl, Cap. F. Lucchetti,
Cap. L. Baglietto.
Ball— Dr. A. H. Gianninl. dirrettore; S. B.
Fugazi, F. Marlnl. L. Brlzzolara.'asslstentl; A.
Ccnte, J. Devoto. II. Vanzi, M. Forno. H. C.
Costa. Dr. S. Galeoto, J. Campodonlco. V. A.
Caglierl. Guldo Almagia. G. Grancci, R. Petri,
S. Rovere. P. Piesala. J. Paganetto. J. Musso,
D. Grondona. C. Brlcea. H. SIml, I. Calpestri,
E. d'Agostini, A. Pedrettl, F. Razzetto, C.
Marzo.
Refreshments — R, Vannucci.
Door — V. Devoto, G. Pellegrini.
Madelena Demartlni, Fellelta Delucchl,
Maria Muscante. t'elestina Debernardl, Teresa
Vannutci, Amelia Belli. Florinda Taierl. Maria
Costa, Norraa Fopjulano, Vlncenza Carfagni,
Zerga Ernesto, Mustante Giuseppe, MatteuccI
Oreste, Fravega Alberto, Demartini Attlllo,
Podesta Amedeo, Dcvincenzi Giovanni, Frave
ga Francesco, Vannucci Aladlno. Chlotto
Giovanni, Claudina Ghibaudl, Kusenia llu
sante. Irene Danori. Maria Arata, Emma
Tofanclli, Lulsa Galeoto. Emilia Rossi.
The pupils who received honorable men
tion were:
ball, da"nclng being enjoyed until an early
hour this morning. The children who re
ceived diplomas were as follows:
HEAD OP LOCAL CELEBRA
TION OF ANNIVERSARY OF
ITALIAN UNITY. .
Trapper* • OH cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druggists, 50c flask. Richard & Co., 400 Clay. •
The total shipments from the "United
States to Porto Rico for 1903 will be eight
times as great as those of 1898 and six
times as great as those of 1897.
\ The London Lancet says that "there Is
no reason for believing that smoking to
bacco in a rational way is productive of
harm."
Lundy pays the highest price for loose
diamonds. 4 3d st. and 7 52 Market st_ *
The United States Civil Service Commis
sion announces an examination on Octo
ber 21, 1903, at San Francisco, Cal., for
the position of Chinese Inspector, Depart
ment of Commerce and Labor. Age limit.
20 years or over. Persons who desire to
compete should at once apply to either
the United States Civil Service Commis
sion, Washington, D. C, or to the sec
retary. Consolidated Board of Civil Ser
vice Examiners, 301 Jackson street, San
Francisco, CaL, for application form 1312,
which should be , properly executed and
filed with the commission at Washington.
Chinese Inspector Wanted.
The annual parade and inspection of
the Police Department will take place on
October 1 and the men in the different
divisions, particularly the recruits, are
being drilled daily in anticipation of their
scrutiny by the I Police Commissioners.
On the evening of the parade there will be
a banquet, in keeping with custom. Last
year's was a decided success/
Prepare for Annual Parade.
Mrs. Mary Boxall, 518 Baker street, se
cured a warrant from Police Judge Mo
gan' yesterday for the arrest of Walter
Garrlty, 18 years of age, on a charge of
battery. She said that the boy's mother
called upon her on Saturday evening and
had dinner with her. J The boy, accom
panied by his sister, called later in the
evening and ordered his mother to go
home. Mrs. Garrity refused, when the
boy grabbed hold of her roughly and Mrs.
Boxall interfered. The boy struck her on
the breast and she slapped his face. He
again struck her and dragged his mother
out of the house.
Struck His Mother's Friend.
Got a five years' contract to print the Mari
time World. Mysell-Rollins. 22 Clay, printero. •
The Retail Butchers' Association held a
meeting in B'nai B'rlth Hall yesterday
afternoon to consider the demands re
cently submitted to -them by their em
ployes. The meeting was secret and noth
ing was given out regarding the proceed
ings on the ground that no definite deter
mination had been reached. It is under
stood that counter-propositions were
agreed upon, which will be submitted to
the employes In the hope that some mid
dle ground can be found on which both
s'des can agree and thus avert a threat
ened strike.
Eetail Butchers in Session.
The result was that they engaged In a
fight, in which Hardy received several
jabs of a knife on the head. The wounds
were treated at the City and Coimty Hos
pital by Dr. McElroy, after which both
men were taken to the Seventeenth-street
station. None of the knife wounds are
of a serious character, all of them being
superficial.
Cutting Scrape on San Bruno Road.
Last night George wlchmann, residing
at 2D9 Eleventh street, was arrested and
charged with an assault with Intent to
commit murder. The trouble that brought
Wlchmann within the clutches of the law
grew out of a friendly act on his part.
The young man was driving along the
San Bruno road when he found a go
cart stuck in a rut. The horse could not
move it. In the cart was James Hardy
of 486 Eighth street. Young "Wichmann
extricated the vehicle by means of his
horse, when some bitter remarks passed
between the two men.
Is almost constantly irritated by wind
and mineral-laden dust; . inflammation,
redness, itching and burning, followed by
granulated eyelids, are tne -results.
MUR1NE EYE REMEDY gives quick re
lief. Doesn't smart; soothes eye pain;
makes weak eyes strong. Your druggist
or optician sells Murine at 50 cents. - • ¦
The San Francisco Eye
The Russian Consul has been urging the
police to recover the stolen coin, for the
loser is a Russian subject.
The detectives learned that three men
were seen hanging around the gypsy's
tent last Tuesday evening and following
this clew Eustis was arrested. His attor
ney, Albert P. "VVheelan, will to-day apply
for a writ of habeas corpus for his re
lease.
Detectives Cody and Coleman— who have
been ¦working on the case of John Joe, the
gypsy, who claimed that his tent on the
San Bruno road had been entered last
Tuesday night and $4000 stolen— have ar
rested James Eustis on suspicion of hav
ing been implicated in the disappearance
of the money. He is detained in "the
tanks."
Asked for Release of James
Eustis.
Writ o* Habeas Corpus "Will Be
ARRESTED ON SUSPICION
OF TAKING GYPSY'S COIN
The following programme was rendered:
Organ solo. Sonata No. 1 in D minor (Gull
mont); soprano solo and chorus. "Hear My
Prayer" (Mendelssohn). Miss Camllle Frank;
tenor solo. "Ave Verum" (Silas), T. G. Kl
liott; chorus. "Adoro te" (Dethler): organ so
lo, air with variations. "Septett" (Beethoven);
contralto solo, "The Holy Vision" (Gounod),
Miss Ella V. McCloskey; soprano solo, "Nearer.
My God. to The" (Stewart). Mrs. L.. Snider
Johr.son; chorus. "Ave Verum" (Thorley). At
benediction: "O Salutarls" (Wagner), "Tan
turn Ergo" (Dethler); postlude. "Marche Trl
umphale" (Guilmont). Dr. H. J. Stewart, or
ganist and director of the choir.
St. Dominic's Church was crowded to
the doors at last night's services. The
special musical programme attracted peo
ple of every denomination from all parts
of the city. Special talent was secured
for the occasion, so that the superb choir
was greatly reinforced and the effect was
grand.
Largo Crowd Is Attracted by the
Superb Programme of Sacred
Songs.
Club Akmar.ia, an organization com
pcFed of German members of the Odd
Fellows, held Its annua.1 outing at Shell
Mound Park yesterday. About 1000 guests
were In attendance. The amusements
consisted for the most part of dancing
and athletic contests. The foliowing
naised officers of the club had charge of
the affair: Charles Trautner. F. Meyer,
II. F. Schlichtlnc. Jacob Altmann. John
Schoenfelder, C. Roeber, G. Moenning, F.
Schneider, L. M. Fabrh.
Hold Outing at Shell Mound.
O'Hara said they went out to Twenty
fifth and Valencia streets on Saturday
evening and had some drinks in a saloon.
Vann went out for a few minutes, but did
not return. O'Hara went to llll Market
street, where they had taken a room, but
Vann had not appeared there and O'Hara
walked the streets till 5 o'clock yesterday
morning in the hone of meeting him.
When O'Hara returned to the room at
1151 Market street he says he discovered
that $45 and a check for his baggage,
which he had in the pocket of a shirt he
had left in the room had been stolen. He
says he did not suspect his lriend, as
Vann had $55 of his own money when they
were together in the saloon at Twenty
fifth and Valencia streets. The police will
help O'Hara to unravel the mystery of
his friend's disappearance.
Thomas O'Hara complained at police
headquarters yesterday that he had lost
J45, his baggage check and his friend, A.
W. Vann. They had left Omaiia tog-ether
for Los Angeles and arrived here on Sat
urday, Intending to stop over for a day
or two.
Thomas O'Hara Asks Assistance of
the Police to Find
A. W. Vann.
STEANQEE IX3SES HIS
CASH AND HIS FRIEND
Two teamsters— Richard Day and "Wil
liam Tate— met each other at Thirteenth
and Harrison streets at 5 o'clock yester
day afternoon and after bandying some
harsh expressions over past grievances
prot into a mix-up, which ended in Day
pulling his pistol and liring two shots at
Tate. Neither of the bullets took ef
fect, as Tate closed in on his antagonist
:ind succeeded in taking the pistol away.
Day was subsequently arrested and
charged at the Seventeenth-street police
nation with an attempt to commit mur
der. The trouble between the two men
i£ cf old standing and had its origination
In the teamsters' strike of two years ago.
Fired Two Shots at a Teamster.
Edgar Boyles, George Traynor. Howard
Konrad, Albert Tobln, Mervyn Welch, Leo
O'Brien, Edward Gowan, S. de Vecchio, Law
rence McCormlck. John Laydon. Ernest Doyle,
Jerome Hurley, Thomas Deeley, James T{«illy,
Thomas McUrath. John Golden. Daniel Ahcrn,
Edward Marley, Oscar Kaufer. Fenton Ger
niaino. Albert Starkweather, Harold Caulfleld,
Robert Miller, Thomas Qulgly, Frank Auld,
Philip McLune, Frank Allen, Clara K-e Cocgan,
Bernard Clark, Leo Anderson, Joseph Swanson,
Leonard Lane. Charles Murphy. Richard
CyConneH, Edward Allen, William Wataon.
Bernard Ahem, Atlllo Bacigalupi, Frank Bact
palupl. Malcolm Nelson. Francis Power), Leo
Edward Cartilla, William Hubner. Frtd
Banks, Wlrt Pendegast, Eugene Fagothey,
James Allen, Melvin Harrison, John J. O'Con
nell, Arthur J. Reynolds, William Kelly, Maria
Slme. Robert Mihlgan. Frank McCrellis, Al
bert J. McCrellts. William Cowan. Ernest .!.
Goodfellow, Andrew Larell, K. B. Trieiler.
Charles Poole. James Larell, Walter £gan,
Henry McMahon, Walter Griffin, Georsre
Reidy, Thomas Reynolds, Frank MaestreUi.
Louis Deremenzi. Joseph Bacigalupi. Philip
MeLane, Melvin Goodman, Frederic Klrklan,
Francis Elliott, Eugene Thornton. Charles
Johnson, Agnes Deeley, Julia Collins, Marie
Zabala, Mabel Ogilvie, Lucy Harrison, Uene
vleve Fenkhausen, Elizabeth Cully, Irene
Murphy, Margaret Gowan, Alleen Clancy, Rose
Carey, Irene N'aughton, Loretta M. Thomson,
Pauline Fagothey. Teresa Harrison. Saraii Mc-
Geary, Josephine Costello, Jane Tobln. Anna
McCarthy, Margaret Walsh, Mary O'l^ary.
Genevleve Martell, Clotilda Suffer, Mai-^iierite
Grundel, Freda Scherlner, Rose Manseau, Mary
O'Brien, Florence Povey, Gertrude Mulqueeny,
Julia Welsh, Teresa Kane, Eleanor McCarthy.
Mildred Stevens, l^aetitia Kelly. Sofa Conlin.
Eleanor Horgan, Elizabeth Lannon. Anna Mc-
Carthy, Mary Agnes Costello. Evelyn Wllsor,
Louisa Arata, Isabel Shea, Mabel Gw'.n, Alice
Bellani Frutosa Caddell, Catherine Coffin,
Evelyn Ofdenkamp. Edith Logamarslni.'Eliaa
beth Mahoney, Mabel Daly, Loretta D'Connell,
Grace White, Nora Welsh, Helen Walsh. Mary
Connelly. Annie Johnson. Margaret Coogan.
Ella Thomas. Ethel Gordan, Carmelita Connell,
Adele Fagothey. Claire Mahoney. Alma Car
roll, Isabelle Rodgers. Gladys Lee, Lillian
Kelly Constance Plath, Mary Byrne. Laura
Besaon, Agnes Laydon, Georgrlna Ogilvle, Mar
guerite Reynolds. Laura Maestretti. Agnes
Carey Mar) 1 Nelson. Alma Williams. Evelyn
Watson. Teresa Hopkins. Albina Filipelll. Clara
Allen Edith Muller, Ignore Peters, Ethel Lacy,
Clara' Ogilvle. Marie Johnson, Emallta How
ard Elizabeth Pullero, Ethel Cowperthwalte,
Jane McLean. Eileen Burke. Ramona Marks.
Florence Sebatuna. Catherine McCrellis, Mary
Welch. Margaret Van Deerlin. Marie A. Doyle.
Ann C. Vaug-han, Mary J. Leo. Elizabeth
Coomes, Lilian R. Rearden. Bettlna A.. Haley,
Catherine Braid wood. . '~.' :
The Church of the Holy Cross on Eddy
street, near Devlsadero, was the scene
yesterday afternoon of the confirmation
of a large number of boys and girls by
Coadjutor Archbishop Montgomery.
The sacred edifice was crowded to the
doors by the relatives and friends of the
young communicants and the interior of
the church presented an animated ap
pearance. The altar was ablaze with
lighted candles and was exquisitely dec
orated with large clusters of red roses.
Archbishop Montgomery was assisted
by Rev. Father McGinty, pastor of Holy
Cross Church; Fathers Ryan, Ramm and
many other members of the clergy.
The service of confirmation was con
ducted of -the Coadjutor Archbishop and
a special musical programme was ren
dered by the choir under the direction of
the organist, Harry "Wood Brown.
Archbishop Montgomery delivered a
short sermon and urged that the parents
of the children should assist the church
by proper religious work at home. He
insisted that parents should hold morning
and evening prayer in the household and
that proper religious literature and em
blems should be displayed in homes, and
the work of grace intensified. Homes of
virtue and good example would help the
seed that had been planted and bear good
fruit and children would as a rule fol
low in the footsteps of their parents.
The names of- the boys and girls con
firmed are as follows:
Church of Holy Cross Is
the Scene of the
Service.
ST. DOMINIC'S CHOIR
RENDERS SWEET MUSIC
President Fugazi displayed a beautiful
flag, amid enthusiasm, the flag being the
one sent by the Italian colony In 1S95 to
Rome, when the Italian people celebrated
the twenty-fifth anniversary of their
unity. The flag was taken to Rome by
J. F. Fugazi and three companions, and
with its escort was given a place of honor
In the military parade witnessed by the
lata King Humbert, Fugazi being deco
rated by the King.
The children of the Italian free school
sang the American and Italian national
aris, and the graduates of the school were
presented with their diplomas by the Con
sul. A short musical programme was
given, which was followed by the grand
Mayor Eugene E. Schmitz was present
and delivered a brief address, dwelling on
the value of keeping alive the mother
tongue and congratulating his hearers on
the friendly relations between America
and Italy. *
The addresses of the orators, C. Cale
garls and A. D. Splivalo, dealt with the
momentous events that led up to the en
try of the royal troops into Rome on Sep
tember 20, 1S70, and the unification of
Italy. Both speakers lauded the men who
figured in the triumph of Italian arms
and paid a tribute to the mother country,
which they designated as the nursery of
all art. literature and science.
Count Grimani, the acting Italian Con
sul, delivered a brief speech, in which he
thanked Mayor Schmitz for his presence
and the people of San Francisco for their
interest and friendship to the Italian col
ony.
American colony at Washington
Hall. Union and Stockton streets, by a
reception and a grand ball, the proceeds
being in aid of the free Italian school
maintained by the colony.
Washington Hall was gayly bedecked
with American and Italian colors, and a
military band discoursed national and
popular airs of the two countries pre
vious to the exercises, which were lis
tened to by a large" audience.
J. F. Fugazl was the president of the
celebration, assisted by Count P. L. Gri
mani, acting Italian Consul; honorary
president. L. Vanzi, vice president. C.
Calegarls was the orator In Italian and
A. D. Splivalo orator in English.
THE anniversary of the entry of
the Italian troops into Rome, on
September 20, 1870, was celebrated
last evening by the local Italian-
"Vast tracts of this land are at present
lying idle. It is estimated that between
t-lx and eight million acres would thus
come into possession of the corporations
if this law should be passed. Some of the
ablest men in the country were in attend
ance at the congress and most of them
ljitterly opposed the homestead act."
Mr. Needham stated that California was
the best represented State in the Union
at the convention outside of Utah and
Idaho. Sixty delegates from this State
attended, headed by Governor Pardee.
The congress discussed the advisability
of storinc the flood waters of the Sac
ramento River for irrigation purposes and
this may be done some day, though no
definite plans have yet been arranged.
"There was a fight regarding the home
ftead act, the timber and stone act and
the desert act. The majority board was
In favor of the repeal of these acts, while
th<? minority fought against such action.
""I was called upon and I offered a sub-
Ftitute for the minority report, which was
printed in full in the press dispatches
iast Saturday. This was adopted by the
congress. It dealt principally with the
homestead act, which is very important.
"The public in general seems to favor
the r.dop::on of this act by Congress and
therefore a great many of the residents
of this State may feel hurt at the stand
which the California delegation took
against It. When the matter is fully ex
plained the people will pee that we acted
for their benefit and we hope they will
rt-alize this later on.
"At present a great deal of this land.
in scrip, is held by various railroad com
panies and other big corporations. Now,
if Congress should pass the much dis
cussed homestead law these corporations
would simply take possession of this land
and gobble most of it up and consequent
ly the puMic in general would benefit but
little by such action.
"I fear that many persons in this State
who were interested in the proceedings
of the convention will be rather disap
pointed by the way in which the Califor
nia delegation fought against the home
stead act." paid Mr. Netdham last night,
"but at all events, when they learn that
we have acted for their benefit they will
cor.ce-de that our stand was just and
proper. • ,
Congressman J. C. Needham of the
Sixth Congressional District arrived in
this city last night from Ogden. Utah,
where he went as a delegate from this
State to attend the eleventh annual ses
eicn of the National Irrigation Congress.
Mr. Needham took an important part in
the work done by the congress and was
one of the foremost speakers during the
session.
He states that the last session of the
congress was the most important yet held
end also the most successful. More than
a thousand delegates from all parts of the
country attended the session. Much of
the work done will be of interest to the
West.
United States District Attorney Wood
worth says that the names of all the men
implicated in the conspiracy by the origi
nal confession of Gamble have been made
public and there will be no further devel
opments except the ordin.-.ry legal pro
cedure. Hoon Toon and Wong Tin, the
two Chinese concerned In the plot, have
not been apprehended and their where
abouts is unknown to the officers.'
The funeral of the late William P. Gam
ble, who killed himself Friday night last
in Buena Vista Park as a result of the
disgrace he incurred by reason of his
complicity in the substitution plot, will
take place this morning at 11:45 o'clock
from Halsted's undertaking establish
ment, where the remains have been ever
since they were released by the Coroner.
The prisoners are in no mood for talk
ing. They say 'they do not want to be
Interviewed, and all protest that ail they
know of the case has already been pub
lished. They were visited by a number
of friends during the day and evening.
They do not appear to be cast down and
are doing all they can to make the best
of a bad situation.
Thomas T. Burnett, Thomas J. Demp
sey and "William F. Dasha, -the three
night jailers at the County Jail who con
fessed to complicity in the substitution of
six decrepit Chinese in lieu of six young
Mongolians who had been ordered to be
deported from this country, are still con
fined in the City Prison. None of them
has made any attempt to secure bail,
and in any case such an effort would be
futile. The arrest of the three men be
came public at such a late hour Saturday
afternoon that all the Federal officials
had quit their offices. United States
Commissioner Heacock had gone home
and no bail was fixed. Yesterday being
a holiday no further action was taken in
regard to bail. To-day an attempt will
be made to have the amount of ball set.
All three men profess to be able to fur
nish bonds. They want their liberty.
Burnett sent for an attorney yesterday
and held a consultation with him. None
of the prisoners has outlined any course
to pursue when the cases come to trial. In
view of the fact that they have all made
full confessions, detailing minutely the
process of substitution anc acknowledg
ing their complicity in the- work, it is
hard to say what else they can do but
plead guilty.
In their cases United States District
Attorney Woodworth is authority for the
statement that they are liable to five
years' imprisonment as a maximum pen
alty. While the act of substitution is
merely a misdemeanor, the law makes a
difference where two or more are engaged
in It, and defines it as conspiracy, elevat
ing the crime to a felony. The fact that
the accused men have confessed may
lend a lighter shade to their guilt and se
cure clemency when sentence is pro
nounced.
MANY CHILDREN
ARE CONFIRMED
Larsen claimed that he had been robbed
of 50 cents, but when Devins was searched
no money was found in his pockets and
it is supposed his confederate got the
coin. Larsen was taken to the prison to
be detained as a witness against Devins.
When the officers were within a hun
dred feet of the trio the two robbers,
Devins and his companion, ran along
Hawthorne street toward Folsom. Till
man and Heinrichs started in pursuit and
called upon the robbers to stop, but as
they paid no attention to the command
the two officers opened flre. Five shots
were discharged when Devins fell, but
immediately jumped to his feet and con
tinued to run. He was overtaken at Fol
som and Hawthorne streets and it was
discovered that one of the bullets had
struck him on the head, inflicting a slight
scalp wound. He was sent to the Central
Emergency Hospital and after his wound
was dressed he was booked on a charge of
robbery. The other robber escaped.
The robbery was a daring orfe, for Cor
poral Green and Policemen Tlllman and
Heinrichs were standing at the corner of
Third and Howard streets at the time it
happened. They were but half a block
away. Their attention was attracted by
cries of "Police, help, robbers," from
Louis Larsen, the victim, who is a lum
berman living at the Eureka Hotel at
Ritch and Brannan streets. They ran in
the direction of the cries and saw three
men struggling on the sidewalk at How
ard and New Montgomery streets. One
of the men was knocked down and an
other hurriedly went through his pock
ets.
The police are searching for the com
panion of John Devins, who was arrested
early yesterday morning on a charge of
robbery, and they expect to have him in
custody soon. Devins is only 19 years of
age, is a riveter and lives at Geneva and
Brannan streets. < ,'
Would Be of Benefit to Big
Corporations and Not to
the Public.
Funeral of Late William P.
Gamble Will Take Place
This Morning.
Robbers Secure But Half a
Dollar From Their
Victim.
Explains Why Irrigation
Congress Was Op
posed to It.
Jailers Concerned in the
Chinese PlotlFail to
Get Bonds.
Companion of Wounded
John Devins Is Still
at Large.
HOMESTEAD ACT
NEEDHAM'S TOPIC
SPEND SABBATH
IN CITY PRISON
POLICE SEARCH
FOR A FOOTPAD
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 21, 1903.
Local Colony Gives Reception and Ball to Aid Free School
and a Large. Gathering Listens to 'Speeches by Mayor of
San Francisco, Italian Consul Count Grimani and Others
UNIFICATION OF ITALY
IS DULY CELEBRATED
10
ADVERTISEMENTS.
(WHERE THERE'S ALWAYS SOME-
THING DOING.)
Let it fee much, or little, it will pay
you to come here Xor it. Xffo wholesale
grocer in California would be willing
to sell groceries at wholesale at as
low prices as we Quote here In retail
quantities. *
1OCO sacks cane eugar 20 lbs J*l
7 lbs. Sago or Tapioca 25c
Ghlrardelli's Chocolate. Ib. 25c; 3 lbs. 70c
,30c can Fancy. Asparagus — 20c
Pork and Beans. Tomato Sauce, can Be
Large California' Ranch Egrjjs. doz., 3<>c
Fancy Red -Salmon 4 cans 35c
1800 sacks Best Flour, sack $1.1O
All Canned Creams, doz lK*>e
2 1-lb. cans Corned Beef 25c
Best Bakinp Powder. Ib. 25c; 3 lbs. O5c
Dunham's CoCoanut.' Ib pkg .»5c
Vj-lb. pkR 15c. 3 days only.
$1 25 Vanilla or Lemon Extracts O5c
Car Eastern Hams. Ib 1R%C
10CK) pails Pure Lard, 3 Ib. cans 35c
' 5 Ib. cans 65c; 10 Ib. cans.... $1.20
15c Rice. S l-3c; 10c Rice, Ib 5c
• Kayo Beans or Navy....'. 6 lbs. 25c
. 750 cases 2 Ib. Fancy Peaches, reg.
20c for a few days, can lOc
50c bottle Olive Oil. 3Oc: half gal..$1.2R
Car Fancy Potatoes, box S5c
Fine Fresh Creamery Butter, sq....40c
4 Ib. can Flneet Mocha and Java Cof-
iee. on sale .80c
18 chest reg. ¦ 70c Young Hyson Tea
at .15c Ib. ; we advise you to buy.
15c Imported Sardines 3 for 25c
14 lbs. German Prunes ..».. 25c
4 lbs. Kona Coffee 50c
FAMILY LIQUORS.
Gallon Rye -Whisky. *2
Gallon Bourbon "Whisky ...$3
( O. P. S. qt. bottle «5c; gal 92.4O
Our Special No. 1— One gallon of our
fine old McBrayer Whisky and one
gallon of our best Port Wine for. .$3
1 bottle Imported Gin ::..4<Hs
Jl 25 Port or Sherry, gaJlon.... .*.. .75c
Mall orders prepaid 100 miles.
1049 Market St., Bet. Sixth and Seventh,
opp.' Jones or McAllister or Hi-
. bernia Bank.
ADVEETISEMENTS.
pPLDBEUR
BDWEN
Prunes— California 4 lbs 25c
Always seasonable — reg'ly 3 lbs 25c
Horse-radish mustard 2 for 25c
Wholesome relish— reg'iy 15c bottle
Soups 2 cans 55c
Franco-American — can't be
excelled— reg'ly 35c Quart
Finnan haddie 15c
reg'ly 20c can
Matches— reg'ly 50c doz boxes 40c
Vulcan paraffin— 500 in box
re*'l7
Ash barrels— $2 50 $1 95
Galvanized iron — 3 25 2 65
extra heavy— most 3 75 3
durable made J
Creme— -VeaZys— Vee-o-lay-jar 50C
Eau de qu\n\ne-Hudnut-bot 50c
Liquor department
Wh\sky-oid stock $1 15
Always the same — * rr%
reg'ly $1 50 bott!e-$6 gallon *
Malt whiskyZlKj"/' 7 " 1 75c
reg'ly $i— 85c bottle
Riesling-^. Vineyard 65C
Rich— palatable— reg'ly $x gallon
CognaC-French-reg'ly $1 50 $1 2O
Randon— very fine and reliable
Porter— ale- white Label $2
Health tonic — reg'ly $2 25 — $2 dozen
432 Pine 232 Sutter 2800 California
• San Frandsco
Thirteenth and Clay Streets Oakland
/^<h Supplies Proper ApN
\)\ ...GLASSES... /il
l^J SCHOOL %>y
I'^Y CHILDREN I
\^j .,At Moderate Prices.. V
JlTX hVii 1 '^T A VJ*J^ u^J _^ tLcJ
El IE Is il Tfl H tS BBLj'Qfc.? j
13 B b Eg w&a fig fjra nyiuM
H a kb ffl 1 1 nSI ™ JL «eg
rfl ft M £.4 i ! . "i 1 JP ranpTn
91 *t Km Lj I I L~4 J \ ™^ £
WeeMy Gall $1.00 BerYfii
BDWEN
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Table butter-reg'iy 50c *q 45c
Agateware— special discount 2O%
Off retail prices — entire
line — best quality—nickel
steel
special
Coffee— Pasha blend 2 lbs 55c
Has the real coffee taste— reg'ly 35c Ib
Royan sardines 2 for 25c
With truffle and pickle —
reg'ly 15c can
Mushrooms— f- ucourt 20c
Button variety— reg'ly 25c can
Holland cocoa— reg'iy $1 ib Soc
Van Houten — the best made
Fruits in syrup 3 cans 50c
All but cherries and berries —
reg'ly 20c can
Bouillon capsules 25c
Be;f tea— celery flaver—
reg'ly 30:— box of ten
CoCOanut—Schepp's 22^C
Fresh flavor — reg'ly 30c Ib
EggS— for cooking— dozen 30c
Pimientos morrones 20c
Spanish red peppers — reg'ly 25c can
Olive Oil— Sublime 50c
Rich— sweet flavor— reg'ly 60c quart
Sweet pickles— home-made 15c
Old Virginia-reg'\y 20C-30C bot 25c
Small babies quickly grow to
large babies when fed on Mel-
lin's Food. Mellin's Food
furnishes material for growth.
A sample of Mellin's Food costs you nothing
but the asking. Will you not then ask for
it for your baby's sake ?
MELLIN'S FOOD CO. BOSTON. MASS.
- ... -^ ;
CUTLERY
A I 8 A I £F% Ammunition. Huntlrg and
III Rgl" Sporting Good.. Larse.t
9 « I ! US " lock - Lowe »t price.. {*nd
E«(l for catalogue.
%Jf W B U SHREVE & BARBER CO..
739 Market at. and 511
Xa>C&4 UJT St*
During 'the Dast week we have received
lame shipments for this department and are
now showing a most complete assortment of
cloths for. fall wear in the hest makes and
newest colorings.
7Rn Yrf f 52-Inch LADIES 1 CLOTH, In
I Ub I lli - Mixsd Grays, Navu, Cardinal
anri Cnsl
I dllll OKalf
Of' fl n VA r48-Inch BROADCLOTH, in
OliUU I lli about 18 different shades,'
t also Black,
Cfl YH f 50-Inch AMAZON CLOTH,
dliJU I lli- in all the new shades for
.fall, 1 also Black.
$1 7R Yfl f 50-Inch BROADCLOTH, in
Oh I d I Ui j Creams, Champagne and
. Pearl Grau-
COM Yd f 50-Inch AMAZON CLOTH,
OZiUU Illi-! in 25 different shades ; also
I Blackj a veru superior finish,
COnnVrl [56-Inch EXTRA HEAVY
O/iUU lUi ] BROADCLOTH, in Blues,
. Tans, Browns and Reds.
0 0 nn VH f 56- Inch ENGLISH YENE-
ddiUU Illi tians, latest shades of Blues,
I Tans, Greens and Purple, '
We will also show an elegant line of Golf Skirting,
Heavu Tweeds, Camels' Hair, Covert Cloths and Beavers;
also Cordurog and Silk-flnishei Velvet Cords.
NOTE- In ordering samples of above uoods please
state aualltu and color required.
111, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STBEET.
UnANbS: Or LlrL
Some sensible advice to
women passing through this
trying period.
The painful and annoying symp-
toms experienced by most women
at this period of life are easily over-
come by Lydia E. Pinkham's
Vegetable Compound. It is espe-
cially designed to meet the needs
of woman's system at the trying
time of change of life.
It is no exaggeration to state that
Mrs. Pinkham has over 5000 letters
like the following proving the great
value of her medicine at such times.
" I wish to thank Mrs. Pinkham for
what her medicine has done for me.
My trouble was change of life. Four
years ago my health bcjrau to fail, my
nead began to grow dizzy, my eyes
pained me, and at times it seemed as
if my back would fail me, had terrible
pains across the kidneys. Hot flashes
were very frequent and trying 1 . A
friend advised me to try Lydia
E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
pound. I have taken six bottles of it
and am to-day free from those troubles.
I cannot speak in high enough rcrms
©f the medicine. I recommend it to all
and wish every suffering woman would
give it a trial. — Bella Boss, 88 Mont-
clair Ave., Boslindale, Mass. — fsooo for-
feit If original of above letter proving genuineness
SVmot be produced.
ADVERTISEMENTS.