POPULACE OF . ROME- VIEW
ING THE REMAINS OF THE
POPE. I
Continued on Page 2,, Column' 7.
Continued on • Page 2, Column 4.
Life Passes Century Mark.
VANCOUVER. B. C. July 23.— The old
est.white woman In British Columbia died
here to-day. She was Mre. Anna Gill,
aged 101 years. She was a native of Ire
land and had lived In Canada for forty
der Fire.
WASHINGTON, July 23.— Postofflce In
spectors are now investigating the affairs
of H. H. Rand, former confidential clerk
of the Postmaster General and now a«
eistant superintendent of the division of
salaries and allowances. Rand has' not
been at the department for some days.
INSPECTOBS LOOKING
INTO RAND'S AFFAIRS
Postmaster General Payne's Former
Confidential Clerk Un-
NAPLES. July 23.— An eruption of Mt.
Vesuvius began yesterday and is in
creasing in violence. A stream of lava
eight metres broad and one metre deep
is flowing- In the direction of PompeiL
It has destroyed an old cottage and
threatens to reach the road. No dam
age Is expected, however. a*nd that side of
the mountain is almost deserted. Tha
eruption Is not visible from Naples. There
are occasional explosions attended by
rumhlings. The cone of the mountain has
been engulfed in a crater which 1* rapid
ly filling with lava. - . Ajfj
Stream of Lava Is Flowing Toward
Pompeii, but No Serious Dam
age Is Expected.
MOUNT VESUVIUS ERUPTS
WITH GROWING VIOLENCE
BOGOTA, Colombia, July 23.—Oppon
ents of the canal treaty assert that the
Hay-Herron convention is too favorable
to the United States. They say- that
.$25,000,000 should be paid to Colombia by
the United .States instead of $10,000,000.
They point out that the United States
wlir seize a; zone of territory along the
route of the, canal of five kilometres on
each side and a group of small islands
In the. bay... of.'. Panama, named Perico,
Naos, Culebra and Flamenlco. l They in
sist that the Islands alone are worth
more than $10,000,000. .
The' treaty opponents also say that the
Panama Railroad," which would, in time
pay Colombia well if the canal were not
built, is worth J at v least $25,000,000. They
declare that ; the United States should pay
Colombia, a percentage * of tho profits
say six per cent— instead of the / $230,000
a year agreed' upon.' • ... ¦ . ;.
have been so notified,, but the law is very
plain: I will wait, until, sundown to-mor
row, but at that time if the documents
are not here Howard' must die,"
Special Cable td The Call and N>* Tork
Herald. Copyright. 1003. by the New York
Herald Publishing Company.
Opponents of the Canal Treaty De
mand Twenty-Five Mil
lion Dollars., }j'.
COLOMBIA WANTS MORE
UNLTED STATES GOLD
TRINIDAD, Colo.. July 23.— Because she
rejected his attentions. David Aguillo shot
and killed Mrs. Celia Dussart this morn
ing at a coal camp five miles from here.
The murderer took to the hills and Is be-
Jr.g pursued by thirty miners. The Sher
iff and a posse are also in pursuit. Should
the miners capture Aguillo it is believed
he will be lynched. Should he be taken
by the Sheriff's posse the miners will try
to secure Aguillo, and trouble is looked
for. The murdered woman was only 19
years of ac.
Thirty Colorado Miners in Pursuit
cf Murderer and May
Lynch Him.
REJECTED LOVER SHOOTS
OBJECT OF AFFECTIONS
Sheriff Collins was informed .by ', tele
phone of the attempt to wreck the train
and hurried to the scene. He has been
there all the afternoon Investigating the
case, but - up to a late hour to-night •' had
made so arrests. .
The train was runninc only six miles
an hour near Farmersville. The engineer
saw the obstruction but nbt soon enough
to stop. He made every effort to avoid
a collision but failed. The engine smashed
Into the rocks and was almost thrown
from the rails." All. of the. cars were well
filled with passengers and men. , women
and children were tnrown from their' seats
and some. were slightly bruised.
The train wreckers had planned to ac
complish their malign purpose near
Farmersville, a small town a few miles
east of this city. They- had j gathered
large pieces of rock and heaped them into
a stout barrier against the passage of
the train. Every effort, as an investiga
tion afterward revealed, had been made
to cause a pmash-up attendant with all
possible horror. •' f I.*','
VISALIA, July 23.— That the east-bound
Southern Pacific train was not' piled/up
in a mass of wreckage and that scores
of passengers were not killed or injured
this morning, was not' the fault of the
unknown miscreants who piled rocks on
the track at a point where an appalling
disaster at any other time would have
been almost Inevitable. It happened, for
tunately for those aboard the cars, that
the train was running slowly and the
collision with the rock pile resulted In
nothing more serious than a severe shak
ing up of the travelers.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
"The law expressly provides that* a
hanging must occur between the hours of
sunrise -and .sunset upon the day. spec
ified,"-said 'Aguirre to-night.- VOf- course
there is probably no doubt ." but ;.the
appeal - has •*- been taken, and in fact I
"SAN RAFAEL, July 23.— Upon the ser
vice -of * the mails j hangs the life of a
negro 'murderer in San Quentin prison.
He. is :. Wilson R. Howard, the man who
deliberately killed and robbed an aged
garbage gatherer at San Jose in . Feb
ruary-of last year. lie confessed his
crime and .was sentenced to death. To*
morrow is the day the law appointed for
the payment of the -penalty.
The Governor yesterday took note of
an application- made for a stay of execu
tion until, the Supreme Court may decide
some technical point in the case. A re
prieve • was granted. Voluminous legal
papers were prepared in San Jose and the
necessary documents to prevent' the hang
ing were sent by mall to the Warden of
San Quentin prison.
At a late^ hour to-night the Warden
had not received the mailed papers.
Preparations for the execution go on as
usual. Should the mails miscarry, re
prieve or no reprieve, Howard must hang.
The Warden has" only the law. to observe
and the law is clear; and emphatic.
Aguirre states, he will hang the man to
morrow unless the official papers are re
ceived-by him. lie asserts that in the
face of a" notice of appeal having been
published he will not have the execution
at 10:30 o'clock to-morrow .morning! the
time scheduled, but that unless the papers
are received by him before sundown How
ard must die. -
Epeclal Dispatch to The Call
TRAIN RUNS
INTO ROCKS
ON A TRACK
MURDERER'S
LIFE HANGS
ON A LETTER
arms. . , '..
. An important political factor .was intro
duced, into i the ceremony by the entrance
into St. Peter's of Italian soldiers, who
remained there throughout the day to pre
serve order. • Their presence there In such
a capacity, . unprecedented . In ; the history
of -modern Italy, is taken; as an indica
tion of better relations between the Gov
ernment) and the Vatican, "as it was by
the consent, If not by the desire, of the
Vatican ; that they employed
troops of tho Qulrlnal in-papal territory.
; - Another feature that '-is > causing com-
; -*J^^~ OME. July '23.— From sunrise to
. £ J day until sunset thousands of
JpC^ persons passed before the bier
• of Leo XIII. lying in state in
" - ..the basilica of St. Peter's. It
was o'riglnally intended that this oppor
tunity to view the remains should run
through three days, but to-night the press
learns that it is likely to be curtailed and
that the funeral may he beld on Friday
instead. of Saturday night, owing to the
evidence that decomposition is""Ietting in.
This is due to to-day's severe heat, from
which no embalming could perfectly pro
tect the body. „
The will of the dead Pope was opened
at to-day's meeting of the congregation
of cardinals. •• It consists of thlrty-slx
pages in • the handwriting of Leo XIII,
and leaves . all the property ~of which
he died possessed to his successor for the
use of . the church. To each member of
his family he leaves ' a ~ present, to.' be
chosen j from the valuable objects In . his
apartment.' , Similar, presents, are be
queathed ,to ;his ; physicians. .Tho total
amount of, the property which he left is
not yet known.
The impression of those who' to-day
passed before the gates of St. Peter's <o
view the remains was one of intense pity
combined with a certain sense of horror.
The body, was tilted up on the catafalque
In. order that all might see the terribly
shrunken face. An ordinary skull in a
frame of gold lying in the midst of a
mass' of red robes could' scarcely have
been more typical of death.
KING'S TROOPS IN VATICAN.
Except at sunrise, when the crush
threatened a panic, all those who wished
it had entrance to St. Peter's. During the
day; many. of those who passed in stopped
before the ¦ catafalque to say a quiet
prayer. Hundreds of women, and even
some of the men, carried children In their
SCENE OF THE LAST STAND OF THE VENEZUELAN REVOLUTION- I
ARY ARMY,. AND LEADERS OF THE OPPOSING- FORCES IN THE
RECENT SANGUINARY CONFLICT.'
Pontiff.
Cardinals Open the
Will of the Late
fcorrible carnage, during which greal
courage was shown on both sides
The jail arid the Capitol were the centers
cf the. most severe fighting and many men
were killed or wounded there. When
these places were captured only a few
blocks behind the Capitol remained to be
taken. At midnight the fusillade ccaseti
er.d the silence of death reigned over the
city all the rest of the night.
At 5 o'clock in the morning a press'cor
rcf-pondent followed General Riveras, the
Government commandrr. who met Gen
eral Gomez, the Venezuelan commander
in chief, near the Capitol and confirmed
the announcement that the Capitol, the
Jail and all the rest of the city were in
the hanCs of the Government soldiers.
General Gomez informed the correspond
ent that the resistance at the Capitol had
been of a nature worthy of a better
cause; that each yard of rampart was
covered by the dead, and that General
Nicolas Rolando, the last representative
of the revolution, and his two lieutenants.
Generals Pablo and Guzman, and General
Vasquez had been taken prisoners.
No adequate idea can be cabled of th^
scene which Ciudad Bolivar presents.
The city appears to have been swept by a
cyclone, accompanied by a conflagration.
¦ ? »
Hope had not come yet. however, and
the child was sent 'to a special room to
die. v There, to the wonder of all. as the
day wore on, she continued to revive. To
day she was _ the medical wonder of New
York.
The pperation ended with the little girl.
to all appearances, dead. Her heart had
ceased to beat and the pulse waa still.
Her limbs were cold. Dr. Schall resolved
upon extraordinary remedies as a forlorn
hope, although everybody present thought
the clrl dead.
, Hot salt solutions were prepared at 113
degrees Fahrenheit. Two gallons of so
lution were used In the patient's ( stomach.
The fluid was applied to 'the exposed or
gans. Then a vein was opened in one of
the little arms -and a pint and a half of
the hot salt solution Injected. Besides;
all recognized means of inducing respira
tion were used. '\- ;
'Then, to the astonishment of the doc
tors, slowly and after much labor, the
patient began to show signs of returned
life.j After a. few minutes the pulse could
be felt beating faintly, The little lungs
showed natural emotion.
Chuckling gayly. the little patient to
day, apparently well on the way to re
covery, played with dolls in her cot In the
hospital, while many medical men beheld
her in wonder.
Dr. Herman E. Street. Dr. Walter Iz
ard and Dr. Welgle. resident physicians
at the hospital, assisted Dr. John Hub
bel Schall in the operation. Just previous
to the administration of ether the little
patient's pulse was 164 and her tempera
ture 104J-. - - >";;.;:
NEW YORK, July 23.— Unique In { stJt*
gery was an operation performed in Mem
orial Hospital, Brooklyn, 'on Tuesday,
July 14, on-Vera Stark, a delicate 11-year
old girl. After having her appendix and
an adhering tumorous growth, as well as
five inches of intestines, removed she was,
while practically dead, restored to" life
by an Injection Into her veins of a pint
and a half of hot salt solution and the
application into her stomach of a simi
lar solution..
Special Dispatch to The Call.
"Happily, however, we can still count
upon a national characteristic of under
lying common sense that will not permit
us to look upon these untoward condi
tions as incorrigible^. We may still hope
that the balance of right between the con
tentions that now afflict us .will be ad
justed as soon as passion is made to yield
to .the American sentiment of justice and
love '¦¦ of *fair : i>lay, and when- these shall
insist that among those' who lead, as well
as those who follow, in these labor con
troversies, there ¦ shall be created and
stimulated^a .peaceful mood and.a.con
ciliatory sentiment.
' VAny intermediary attempting to bring
parties in difference together for, amicable
deliberation should v be absolutely- disin
terested and impartial and should pos;
sess the unqualified respect and confidence
of all concerned. The National Civic Fed T
eratlon and like organizations established
in various localities have illustrated the
beneficent uses of such : an intermediary.
Many labor, troubles have been prevented
and many'have been settled through their
interposition. ; _ ; Operating* on' the ¦ same
lines,, we have seen voluntary, arbitration
resorted to by contesting parties, on their
own motion, with most reassuring " re
sults.'!';. .
- "To" these ; influences . both ; the working
NEW YORK, July 23.— That the force of
public sentiment will lean toward general
arbitration in labor disputes is the posi
tion taken by former President Cleveland
in an article entitled, A Few Plain
Words on Labor Troubles," which ap
pears in this week's, Collier's Weekly. •
The national characteristic of underly
ing common sense, he maintains, will
force a change in the present attitude
assumed by capital and] labor and ulti
mately the patriotism and general senti
ment of all classes will prove irresistible
forces ' working " toward conciliation
through arbitration.^ This article is copy
righted by II. F." Collier & Son, through
whose permission the following extracts
are printed: „. • ' . - .
"We have also loved to think of Amer
ican" patriotism," writes Mr. Cleveland,
"and to dwell upon "it as a sentiment' so
thoroughly, pervading, our people and so
pure and genuine that, in its name, all of
our countrymen would be willing to fore
go selfish and personal interests if, there
by the welfare of the great body, of our
people could bo advanced. We know that
this patriotism is not dead and that it is
still able to > foster and bless the best
American citize/ishlp; but is there not
reason to fear that It is so weakened
among/ those enlisted in contentions be
tween employers and employed that 'they
are either, unconscious 1 of its restraints or
seek to avoid its exactions by giving lodg
ment to the deluding 1 notion -. that their
Quarrels do not concern the general good?
1 AMERICAN COMMON SENSE.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Friendly Relations
Between Church
and State.
Sage of "Princeton
an Exponent of
; Arbitration.
Injection of Salt
Into Veins Re
stores Life.
SEEMINGLY
DEAD GIRL
I S REVIVED
CLEVELAND
ON RIGHTS
OF LABOR
PHOENIX. A. T., July 23.— It is report
ed from Jerome that during Tuesday
night's storms there was a cloudburst in
the canyon above the United Verde Smel
ter, which did several thousand dollars'
damage. The flood occurred in tho same
manner and with j similar results as the
flood a year ago. There was also another
flood in Chase Creek at Clifton, but
smaller than that in June, in; which so
many were drowned. Several business
houses suffered damage, but there were
no fatalities. ,
The people of Benson have taken steps
to relieve the inhabitants at Fairbank
who suffered from the flood and pro
visions will be sent if found necessary.
l<ive bridges on the branch line to
Tombstone were washed out, blocking all
traffic by rail. At Tombstone it j is re
ported that following the storm the roar
of the* waters in Walnut Canyon, a dis
tance of seven miles, could be heard. Had
the storm reached as far as Bisbee not a
single house would have been left, as that
city Is built in the heart of two canyons.
No estimate of the damage could be
obtained to-night,' as the waters are just
beginning to subside, but it is known
that it will run up into the thousands.
Fairbank was the greatest sufferer and
part of that junction town will have to be
entirely rebuilt. As many of the build
ings were adobe, they were utterly ruined
by the rush of waters. Reports from the
outlying, districts are" anxiously awaited
and In some directions expeditions have
been sent out to determine the extent'of
the damage done by the storm.
At Fairbank a tremendous wave of wa
ter with a ten-foot breast rushed down
the valley, carrying with it the .wreck
age caused by the wind. Those houses
which escaped the wind . were caught by
the flood and their inhabitants were com
pelled to flee to higher ground, while the
wind still blew a gale. Many narrow
escapes were reported In the town of
Fairbank, but at this hour none are posi
tively knowirto have been lost, although
several are reported" missing.
Tombstone has been cut '.off from all
towns by the. storm, bi^t a stage suc
ceeded in getting over the road late this
evening and reported that Tombstone had
been on the outer edge of- the storm and
that, on^on^/sec^^ottg!* :jhe city .had, sufc
fered greatly. .. . ~,~- * ... v'
Both the Southern Pacific and the El
Paso Southwestern lines between^ Benson
and Fairbank are washed out, all bridges
are down and it is estimated that it will
take $50,000 to repair the damage to the
railroads alone. Both lines put gangs of
men to work this morning and the South
ern Pacific reported that they expected to
get a train into Fairbank over temporary
trestles to-night.
ROAR OF THE WATERS.
TORRENT IN A VALLEY.
As the wires are down." the first reports
of the terrific storm did not reach Tucson
until this afternoon and they are but
meager. It will be v l several days before
the supposed loss of;lifeand the full ex
tent of the damage -in,^he sections out
side of the towns will' be known.
The storm started with a high wind
about 6 o'clock last night, wrecking
houses, uprooting trees and breaking down
telegraph poles. The' inhabitants of both
Tombstone and Fairbank were swept off
their feet and sought the low adobe
houses for protection. But while the
wind still raged the water burst from the
clouds, adding horror to the already hor
rible situation."
Fairbank is under six feet of .water, the
railroad lines are washed out "and it is
impossible to reach the flqod sufferers.
TUCSON. Ariz., July. 23.— The towns of
Tombstone and Fairbank were devastated
by a terrible tornado; and .cloudburst last
night and it is thought'that many ranch
ers in- the valleys of that section must
have been drowned in the flood.
¦ ( ,- . • ¦ - t
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Sen .TT A D T Venezuela* July 2L—
CS'Jiad Bolivar was captured at 11
o'clock last night, 1 after fifty-two
¦tours cf a desperate struggle and
Tombstone Mho
Suffers From a
Deluge.
Fair bank Houses
Are Covered by
JVdier.
Last of the Insur
gent Leaders a
Prisoner.
Venezuelan Army-
Takes Ciudad
Bolivar.
DEAD COVER THE RAMPARTS
OF THE REBEL STRONGHOLD
Lives May Have
Been Lost th
jt Luua,
ITALIAN TROOPS ON GUARD
IN BASILICA OF ST. PETER'S
CLOUDBURST SENDS TORRENTS ON ARIZONA TOWNS
The San Francisco Call.
SAN FRANCISCO, FRJBAY, JULY 24, 1903.
PBICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLU31E XCIV— NO. 54.SALT LAKE, July 23.— With the ex
ception, of : a gap of .about five, miles
the Lucin cut-off is practically completed.
Governor Odell of New York and party of
f riendtA . ; including Governor . Wells . " of
Utah, visited the; works on their return
to Utah and Were.lbudin; their liraiSc of
the stupendous engineering feat that Is
Members of Party Are Loud ia
Praises of Stupendous En
gineering Feat.
GOVERNOR ' ODELL ''-_ PAYS A
VISIT TO LUCIN CUT-OFF
Valu able pointers for money ' makers in thin
week' ¦ Wasp. j . .- V •
now nearlng completion. This party, is
the first outside of official circles to visit
the cut-off and view the work. Consider
able interest attached' to the occassion.
It IjT stated that the cut-off will toe tom»
pleted- inside of sixty days, after which
attention, will bo given to widening the
grade at" different points. :
It -Is said in Belgrade that there have
been fifty-four night assassinations, most
ly of soldiers on duty in Prince Ferdi
nand's palace guard.
¦ VIENNA, July 23.— Belgrade papers pubr
lish rumors of a revolution in Bulgaria
and l that Prince Ferdinand, on the ad
vice of his Government, is about to flee
or has fled, to Belgrade.
Thus far the rumors have not been of
ficially confirmed.
GRASS VALLEY," July/23.— News has
Just reached here of a poisoning Sunday
night as a result of which one person
may die and two others are ill. Ed Sim
mons, Charles Snyder, Joe": Alvaria and
Irving Hughes left Forest 'Hill for/.West
vllle In a buggy. When night 'came on
one of the men reached • for, a bottle of
whisky, but picked up a bottle of bed
bug poison by mistake. He took a large
swallow before he discovered his mis
take. He dropped the bottle and gagged,
but before: he. could warn his companions
Snyder and- Alvaria had taken drinks.
Instantly they all became 111.
Hughes drove tnenv back hurriedly to
Forest'Hill. On the way the vehicle up
set twice In .^the j darkness^ Physicians
worked all night and the next day. over
the sick men.' Snyder . and Alvaria are
still sick,. but out of danger. Simmons Is
dying.
Rumor of Revolution
/Directed Against
Ferdinand.
Three Men Sip From the
Wrong Bottle in the
Buggy. ?
KANSAS CITY, Mo.. July 23.-Wllliam
Abearn, an Irish comedian, well known on
the vaudeville circuits, died at his home
here to-day of consumption, aged 33.
Death of Comedian Ahearn.
men and their employers are amenable
and neither can escape their Judgment.
These forces of patriotism and puollc
sentiment may sometimes sleep, but
when thoroughly awakened they are Ir
resistible In the rectification of any
wrongs that menace our nation's integrity
or our people's welfare. If those who con
tend in labor quarrels fall to find for
themselves a path of peace and Quiet, wa
need not despair of a remedy. We can
hopefully await the hour when the patriot
ism of our people shall be aroused to the
consciousness that a danger threatens
the republic, and when public sentiment
shall search out the right and wrong of
labor disputes and adjudge that they shall
no longer breed terror and hatred among
those who should be willing coworker* la
achieving a grand national destiny."
Continued From Page 1, Column 5.
Judge Crump has . been prominent In
politics and Lake County affairs for about
twenty-five years. He served two terms
as - District Attorney and last fall was
elected to the office of Superior Judge for
the third term in succession on the Demo
cratic ticket. His death leaves a vacancy
that . It will be hard '- to fill. *¦-. He was a
prominent member, of the Masonic and
Eastern Star orders and of the Ancient
Order of United Workmen.
LAIfEPORT. July 23.— Judge R. W.
Crump died this evening) aged 73 years.
The direct cause of his death was heart
trouble, with which he was attacked last
Sunday night. • •
Career of R. W. Crump, for Many
Years Prominent in Pol-,
itics, Closes. ;¦ .
LAKE COUNTY JUDGE
SUMMONED. BY DEATH
In this connection additional Interest
attaches to to-day's meeting of the con
gregation of Cardinals, which appointed
Monslgnor Pifferl as confessor of the con
clave, a committee to undertake the ar
rangements for the conclave and select-
ment along the same lines Is that Car
dinal Oreglia in receiving a deputation of
the city fathers of Rome, who represent
every party, charged them to thank also
their Liberal colleagues for the manifes
tations of sympathy, which they, showed
during the illness of the Pope. . ..¦"..
• The Cardinal, continuing/ his conversa
tion, indicated satisfaction over similar
manifestations from similarly constituted
bodies of the kingdom of Italy, such as
communal councils and provincial depu
tations, including that of Rome, which
is presided over by Prince Felice Borghez.
)"It is an unexpected tribute," exclaim
ed the Cardinal, "which no one would
have imagined twenty-five years ago.".
Continued From Page 1, Column 6.
Cleveland on BlElts of Latior.
The catching of snakes and the collect
ing of their venom, which fetches Jl a
grain, 13 a new Industry in Australia.
c -h-i-i ; ; ; 1 1 : i r-i-: h-i-m-m-i-i- o
The installation of officers followed,
each outgoing and Incoming officer de
livering a short address. Grand Exalted
Ruler Joseph T. Fanning of Indianapolis
then declared the grand lodge adjourned
sine die to meet at Cincinnati next year.
To-night was given up to jollification.
BALTIMORE, July 23.-What many of
the members of the Grand Lodge of Elks
Kay was the largest and most successful
grand lodge meeting in the history bf the
organization closed this evening. There
were 1604 grand lodge members In the
city, and a great majority, attended every
business session. There were two ses
sions of the grand lodge to-day, at the
first of which only routine matters were
discussed. At the evening session the
committee on ritual was not prepared to
report all the changes proposed in the
ritual and the matter was carried over,
the committee being Instructed to report
a complete ritual when it is agreed upon.
A resolution was adopted discouraging
the throwing of confetti during tuture
lodge meetings. • -
GRAND LODGE OF ELKS
ADJOURNS AT BALTIMORE
Meeting Said to Have Been Largest
in the History bf the Or
ganization.
LONDON. July 23.— B. L. Farjeon. the
novelist, died .suddenly at his residence
at Hampstead this N morning. He married
In 13«7 Margaret, daughter of Joseph Jef
ferson, the American actor. Mr. Farjeon
died from the rupture of a blood vessel.
Farjeon, the Novelist, Is Dead.
DRINK POISON
IN DARKNESS
LONDON, July 23.— xae first mention of
the Pope's death occurred thin afternoon
when William Redmond (Irish National
ist) asked if the flag on the Victoria
tower, Westminster, and those on the
public grounds would be half-masted out
of respect to the late Popo. Victor Cav
endish, treasurer of,; the re
plying for the Government, said there
was no precedent, but the question bf or
dering *• the half-mastlBjr of the flags on
Question of Displaying Mourning
Puzzles British Statesmen.
POLICY VERSUS SENTIMENT.
Cardinal Richard visited President Lou
bet and Premier Delcasse yesterday and
will start for Rome to-day. Cardinal
Cot, Archbishop of. Bordeaux, leff for
Rome, after conferring with M. Delcasse.
The correspondent further asserts that
Cardinal Gibbons has succeeded in uniting
the French Cardinals around Cardinal
Richard, Archbishop of Paris, with a
view of supporting a candidate whose
policy will be a reaction against that of
the late Pontiff. He also says that the
alliance will endeavor in the conclave to
enforce a claim that the new Pope^trans-
I'orm the Sacred College into a true in
ternational institution.
PARIS. July 2}.— The Rome correspond
ent of the Paris edition of the Herald
telegraphs that if Cardinal Rampolla Is
not elected it will be due to the action of
Cardinal Gibbons, who, it is asserted in
Vatican circles, remained -in Paris in or
der to unite the French Cardinals against
him.
Alleged to Be Striving to Inter
nationalize the Sacred College.
CARDINAL GIBBONS' ATTITUDE.
crowd at St. Peter's decreased and little
difficulty was experienced in viewing the
body.
Italian Troops on Guard.
public buildings was under consideration.
Redmond invited a statement on the
subject from Premier Balfour, who said
it was a Question of respect to the dead
Pope, but universal precedent must be re
garded and general rules laid down must
be observed Irrespective of '.sentiment,
otherwise they would be in a difficult
position. Precedent did not turn on re
spect for the personal character of the
Individual, but on his position.
Redmond then called the attention of
the Government to the fact that the flags
were "lowered all over tne United States
by the Order J of President Roosevelt,"
which would, -perhaps, -influence . ±»ritish
action. At any rate, he added, the flags
might be lowered on the day of the fun
eral".
BULGARIANS WAR
UPO N THE PRINCE
;The majority of the congregation de
cjded to pursue a middle course and In
truated Cardinal Merry del Val with the
duty of drawing up the document for sub
mission to. another -meeting .of the con
gregation. The note, when approved, will
be presented to the diplomatic body,
signed by Cardinals Oreglia, Mactfhi and
Netto, deans of the three orders into
which the Sacred College is divided.
After the will of Leo XIII had been
opened it was the. Intention of the Car
dinals to maintain the strictest secrecy
concerning its contents, but it is learned
that it , comprises thirty-six sheets in the
handwriting of the late Pope, except ad
ditions evidently made In his later years,
when the Pope found considerable difficul
ty in writing, owing to the trembling of
his hand, which was so pronounced be
fore his death that he Was obliged to hold
his right hand with his left when he made
his signature. The earlier portions of the
testament Include the recommendation
which the testator addressed to his ex-
ed other officials, such as the physicians,
who will stttend them during their seclu
sion.
PROPOSED NOTE TO POWERS.
The most important question" before the
meeting, however, was a proposition pre
sented by Cardinal Oreglia to send a note
to the diplomatic audience accredited to
the Holy See for the purpose of repre
senting to the powers the condition of the
papacy since the loss of Its temporal pow
er and the transfer of the capital of the
Italian Government to Rome. From what
leaks out, it appears that the proposition
provoked considerable discussion and
Cardinals Steinhuber, Mathieu and Vivea
y Tuto favored the dispatch of a most
energetic note concerning the question of
reclaiming" the papal rights. Cardinals
Agllardi and Seratino Vannutelli, on the
Contrary, advocated a milder wording of
this document, which, they considered,
should maintain the historical pretensions
of the Holy See. but In temperate lan
guage. •*
WASHINGTON, July 23.— The State De
partment has received the following re
sponse to Secretary Hays message of
condolence on the occasion of the Pope's
death:
ROME. July 23. — I have not failed to con
vey to the 8acred College the heartfelt sym
pathy expressed by you In the President's name
on the ead occasion of his Holiness' death.
The Sacred College desires me to express to
the President its deep and sincere gratitude
for such a noble manifestation.
CARDINAL RAMPOLLA.
REPLIES TO HAY'S- MESSAGE.
Sacred College Appreciates American
Sympathy.
The document then enumerates all the
property which Leo possessed and pro
vides that It shall go to hla successor for
the -benefit of the church, including even
the. presents, which might perhaps be
considered personal rather than gifts to
the Pontiff as such. The money which
the Pope left Is in a closed safe in his
bedroom, .the keys having been given to
different persons mentioned ln\ the will.
To the members of his family the Pope
left a present for each, to be chosen from
the valuable objects in his apartments,
and similar gifts were bequeathed to his
doctor?. AH of the land purchased and
buildings erected for Institutions person
ally founded by Leo are put in the name
of the Holy See, to avoid possible claims
from relatives, as the Pope probably re
membered that some time after the death
of Plus IX, the latter's nephews instituted
a suit against the church, claiming 15.000
francs as their proportion of his estate.
The will ends by providing that bis re
mains shall be buried in the basilica of
St. John Lateran, in* the tomb which
he had already chosen. x
ecutors. Cardinals Rampolla, Mocenni and
Cretoni, on the best way to continue the
religious ¦ impulse, as well as the policy
followed by the Holy See during later
years.'
LONDON. July 23.— The statement cabled
to the United States to the effect that
the British Cabinet had vetoed . the pro
posed visit of Lord Roberts to the United
States is as Inaccurate as was the original
announcement that Lord Roberta had defi
nitely determined to make the visit. The
truth is that the whole matter has always
been indefinite. Lord Roberts had said and
still Bays he will visit the United States
In the autumn If his duties will permit.
Lord Roherts to Visit America.
Conclave Hall in Vatican Wherein the Sacred College of Cardinals Holds Its rMeetings.
PONTIFICAL REQUIEM MASS.
At 9:30 o'clock the solemn pontifical re
quiem mass was celebrated In St. Peter's
for the repose of the soul of Leo XIII.
The crowd was kept constantly moving
within the wooden barriers, but other en
trances wer.e provided for those desiring
to assist at the mass on the other side
of the church. Several thousand persons
were present, although, in eo vast a
church, they appeared to be a mere hand
ful, especially as all were standing.
During the hot hours of the day the
Within the church temporary railings
had been erected to keep the people in a
straight line leading to the bier. This
was the center toward which all eyes
were turned. The body lay in a catafalque
ten feet high, so that all could see it.
The body was slightly inclined, with the
head raised and facing the passing
tlirong. The visage had a chalky white
ness and appeared to be unnaturally
shriveled. It was robed in the full vest
ments as the Roman public knew- the
Pontiff in life. Around the bier-burned
thirteen high candles, while on each side
stood the Noble Guard, motionless. Far
ther back were kneeling priests and aco
lytes, softly Intoning invocations.
The crowd pushed against the iron trel
lis which separates the chapel from the
main portion of the church, but those
who expected to kiss the slippered feet
were disappointed, as__the officials had
adopted precautionary measures, so that
the lower extremities of the body were
half a yard back of the iron grating.
All ranks and stations of life were rep
resented in the throng. Many were work
ing people; there were also groups of
convent girls," under the care of nuns, and
of schoolboys, headed, by priests. Crowds
continued to pass ucfore the bier through
out the morning.
THRONG PAST THE DEAD.
At the sound of the first bell two regi
ments of Italian grenadiers marched
smartly across the piazza to the stone
steps and soon the east t portico swarmed
for the first time in years with Italian
troops— 300 on the portico and 1200 sur
rounding the colonnades. The grenadiers
wore long blue service coats and peaked
caps. They stood In double column at
parade rest, the lines extending from the
threshold of the church through a nar
row gateway of a temporary wooden
structure, which was holding back the
crowds.
At five minutes after 6 o'clock the gate
was opened and the human tide began to
flow in. The. jam at the narrow entrance
soon became terrific, threatening serious
results to the struggling mass of half
fainting women and children. Although
the crowd was not extraordinarily large,
the steady movement into the funnel-like
lnclosure made the pressure terrific. Many
women had their dresses or veils torn off
and some were lined, exhausted, over
the wooden indoeure and out of the
crush. Fortunately there were no serious
accidents and the ambulances were not
summoned. ;V ';'-." '
KING'S TBOOPS ON GUARD.
ROME. July 23.— To-day the form of
Leo XIII lay in state in the basilica
of St. Peter's. " "while thousands of per
sons from the ordinary walks of life
flled nast to pay their last tributes
bf love and veneration. The' . im
pressive ceremonies of yesterday were
viewed by only a favored few of the no
bility, the aristocracy and the highest
clergy, but to-day the doors were opened
to the entire public Many remained on
the piazza throughout the hot night in
order to gain a place at the head of the
line. By 5 o'clock this morning there was
a crowd of several hundred, which had
increased by 6 o'clock to several thou
sand. *
Elaborate preparations had been made
to guard against accidents in the crush.
All converging streets -were cleared of ve
hicles, leaving: them free for foot passen
gers, while six ambulance stations had
been erected, including one at the en
trance to the piazza und another beside
the door of St. Peter's.
At 6 o'clock the bells of the great ca
thedral began tolling mournfully— a small
bell beginning in the high notes and the
chimes running down through the scale
until a deep bass stroke had completed
the minor chord.
Thousands Pass by Catafalque in
Basilica of St. Peter's.
GAZE UPON DEAD POPE.
LONDON, July 23. -The claim of "Wil
liam Turnour Thomas Poulett; Viscount
Hlnton, the former organ-grinder in the
streets of London, who Is a claimant to
the earldom of Poulett. was before the
Committee on Privileges of the House of
Lords to-day. The claimant, who la of
striking appearance, was present with
counsel, who requested an 'adjournment
as bis evidence was not ready. Counsel
for the defense was allowed to state his
case, contending that It was Impossible
for the claimant to be a son of the lat*
E»«-i, though the Earl's marriage to the
claimant's mother .was not denies. - The
hearing will probably last several days.
LONDON'S OBGAN-CTRINDEB
VISCOUNT CLAIMS EARLDOM
Counsel for Defense Contends That
Claimant Was Not Son of
Lord Poulett.
The dispatch was sent from Valdes by
Charles W. Gompertz, manager of the
tannery, and juflging \ from the - time in
tervening between the -date of the- fire
• nd the .date of Cling the dispatch, ; it is
probable that, he took the cannery tug
immediately after the fire and steamed to
Valdes,- from which point the message
was filed. No particulars concerning the
origin ' of the fire are contained in the
dispatch, nor , is there any .mention of
Injury to persons or loss of life, so it is
presmaed that no casualties resulted.
The Kenai cannery of the Pacific Pack-
Ing and Navigation Company was one of
the largest In Alaska, It was located on
the Kenai Peninsula and was formerly
owned by the Pacific Steam Whaling
Company. Its capacity was 60,000 cases
of salmon a season. Last year 'the can
nery grave employment to 129 persons,
of whom eighty-nine were whites and
forty Chinese.
SEATTLE. Wash.. July 23.— The Kenai
ralmon cannery, owned by the Pacnc
Packinp and Navigation Company, was
destroyed by nre July 19. The plant is
a total loss, but there is enough insurance
to cover. Local officials say they cannot
give exact figures because the informa
tion they received by wire from Valdes
last night is meager.
• -—
Special DiFj>at<'l> to Tb» Call
Kenai Salmon Plant in
Alaska Lost in
the Flames.
FIRE DESTROYS
BIG CANNERY
The idea has been discussed and well
received at Westminster. Ixsrd Cran
borne. the T*nd>r Secretary of State for
Foreign Affairs in the House of Com
mons, incidentally referred to the pres
ence of the French delegation in London
a.^ an Important event, which argued well
for the peace of the world.
? : : 1 1 : i : 1 1 : i : i : 1 1 : i i-i-i-w
LONDON, July 3.— The French Sen
ator* and Deputies representing the ln
tTna-tlonal arbitration prrmip, accompa
nied by a namber of British members of
Parliament, were formally received to
day by Lord Mayor Samuel and, the Lady
Mayoress at the Mansion House. The
Lord Mayor and Baron d'Estoumelles de
Constant, leader of the visiting delega
tion, made speeches, daring which they
reiterated and emphasised the desire for
continued International friendship and the
conclusion of a treaty of arbitration. Th«
Frenchmen afterward visited ihe Ftock
Exchange and the financial district-
It is understood that the probable result
of th« French legislators' visit to London
will be the formation of a Franco-British
arbitration agreement, independent of
The Hague court. It is believed the oc
casion Is ripe for such a step. Baron
dEftournelle.? o> Constant said that the
suggestion would receive the hearty sup
port of the French Parliament.
Special Dispatch to Tbe Call.
ROME. July 23.— To-day's meeting
of the College of Cardinals again
contained some obvious signifi
cance, bearing upon the probable
action of the conclave.
It is estimated that Cardinal Rampolla's
total strength dors not exceed twenty
two votes. Cardinal Rampolla will re-
reive several votes on the first ballot
which probably will not be cast for him
subsequently. These votes will be by
Cardinals who are largely Indebted to
him for their red hats.
Cardinal Vannutelli. who for the past
two years has opposed Cardinal Rampol
la's French policy, is training some Ital
ian support on th1(« account. Cardinal
Vannutelli's candidacy I is certainly the
mo« active at the present moment. -
It seems probable that when the con
clave meets the situation will be reduced
to three prominent candidates— Cardinals
Vannutelii, Oreglia and Rantpolla. It
would not be difficult as a compromise to
consolidate the Vannutelli and Oreglia
forces, perhaps upon Cardinal Oreglia and
possibly upon pome one not yet named,
but even then It would be necessary to
weaken Cardinal Ramnolla's present
solid support in order* to eecure the neces
sary two-thirds. The indications are that
it would be hardly reasonable to expect
fein election in such a sMort thne as at
the conclave of 1S78.
Cardinals Oreglia and Rampolla ore In
disposed, but the Illness of neither is
serious.
The commission of Cardinals intrusted
with the arrangements for the conclave
iias presented a plan which involves an
expenditure of $1400 and assures that
everything will be in readiness for the
opening of the conclave on July 31. The
apartment etlll occupied by Cardinal
Rampolla will be divided into four rooms
in order to accommodate four of the Car
dinals during the conclave.
Now that the Pope's will has been
opened the work of removing the things
in his apartment which he bequeathed by
the terms of the Instrument has. been be
gun. If the new. Pontiff desires to occupy
the Fame apartment only the bedroom
furniture will be changed. Following an
ancient cuptom, however, the new Pope
will not take possession of the old apart
ment until several months after his elec
tion.
DUBLJNVJuIy 23.-Klng Edward to-day
reviewed 15,000 troops and 5000 men of the
Naval Brigade in Phoenix Park. T>e
weather was most favorable, bright sun
shine permitting the wearing of summer
costumes and the consequent color effect-
When the ground was packed by the
tens of thousands of spectators it made
by far the most brilliant scene of the
many witnessed since their Majesties
arrival in Dublin. It was the largest
muster of trooDs ever seen at a review
In Ireland. The Duke of Connaught was
in command. The King, who wore the
uniform of a field marshal, was attended
by the Lord Lieutenant, the Earl of Dud
ley and a numerous suite/ "^ '. -^ ••>"
Prior to leaving the Vice Regal lodgs
his Majesty presented colors to the Royal
Hibernian militia school.
The King and Queen held special court
at the castle last night in the famous
St. Patrick Hall, which was gorgeously
decorated and illuminated for the occa
sion. Their Majesties entered the hall
at 7:03 p. m., with all the accompaniments
of state and took their places near tbft
throne, which was the center of a bril
liant group. Including the Duke and
Duchess of Connaugh and Earl Dudley
and other high state officers in full uni
form. There they received the most rep
resentative body of the Irish nobility and
the Irish people which had been seen at
the castle in many years. Queen Alex
andra wore a cream-colored gown, em
broidered with gold. She wore vari-col
ored jewels In the form of shamrocks and
her diamond ornaments were set in de
signs of rose, thistle and shamrock.
The influence of the sovereigns secured
a social union which English statesmen
had vainly sought to attain. The Irish
Guards acted as a guard of hpnor and
the grand staircase was lined with lan
cers. It was a function of regal magnifi
cence *and it was not until the last name
on the list had been read out and the.
last debutante had made her curtsey that
their Majesties auitted the scene.
May Form Arbitration Agree
ment Independent of the
Hague Court.
With Queen Alexandra He
Receives Society in
Dublin Castle.
Quick Election of Pope
by the Conclave Is
Improbable.
Great Britain and France
Would Combine for
Peaca
King Edward VII Re
views 15,000.Troops
in Phoenix Park.
Three Leading Aspirants
in the Quest of the
Triple Crown.
HISTORIC FEUD
EXISTS NO MODE
ROYALTY SPENDS
STRENUOUS DAY
RAMPOLLA
IS MAKING
NO GAINS
CARDINAL VANNUTELLTS CANDIDACY GAINING ADHERENTS
THE SAN FBANGISCO GALL. FEIDAY, JULY 24, 1903.
2
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Chas. Keilus & Co.
E x c 1 u s i v e
High- Grade Clothiers
NO BRANCH STORES.
NO AGENTS.
The Correct Dressers
Will Be at Home Here
This Coming Season
The Styles and Fabrics
We Are Now Displaying
Have Exclusiveness
And . Bona-Fide Merit
Kearny Stre.et
T-hu rlow Block
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Scrupulous care In the bottling department is a Blatx law. Th» most fan.
proved and sanitary methods known to science are there In use-
Every bottle is sterilized and every precaution exercised.
At club or cafe or delivered In bottles to the home.
Blatz is the beer of quality.
BLATZ M ALT-V1VINE Jt yonlntoilcan 3 t -^.S onic Purposes.
BRAUNSCHWEIQER & CO., Inc.
5 apd T Drumm St.. Sar? fronclscg^ Telephone Mafn 1646. WboUsalt Deattrt.ST.. LOUIS. July 23.— Louie J. Millet of
Chicago -was'to-day appointed chief of the.de
partment of mural and decorative painting- of
the World's Fair.
.'HONOLULU, July 23.— United States
District Judge ; M.< M. . Estee was engaged
to-day in ; hearing tha habeas corpus case
of Jung Hung, a Chinese woman, who has
been'held'hcreln^ylrtual slavery for, the
past -eight i years. "The testimony devel
oped that the petltioner.was sold into slai
very, in | China in 1895,\ the price being $260.
The case" Is of = peculiar Interest to the
Chinese 'colony. > -
Chinese" Slave in Honolulu.
The,/ bride .was • Miss Helsa Schmidt, a
charming and very- popular girl 'of . this
city.' 'The couple are now en route to
LOS ANGELES. July 23.— As the climax
of a discouraged courtship lasting through
two ". full : years, during most of which
time-; 3000 miles ' of "continent separated
them/, Frank E. Williams, a young New
Tork capitalist , . yesterday > . afternoon
broke the engagement record of Southern
California* by . becoming engaged and
wedded within two hours. •
Special Dispatch to The Call,
Professor George Wharton James deliv
ered an Interesting and Instructive lec
ture last . evening In , the auditorium of
the .Young Men's Christian Association.
on the "Hopi Indians' and Their Snake
Dances." - There was a large and repre
sentative audience, many men and wom
en-from the universities- and colleges be
ing present. The lecture was admirably
illustrated. . Throughout . his graphic ¦ ac
count, Mr." James received applause. His
description of r the scenery of Northern
Arizona and the lands where the Indians
dwell* was full of Uffe and color.
Tells of Hopi Indians.
? Pretty. Julia -MayrGifford, ¦ the actress
and wlfe-to-be of : Robert .Fitzsimmons,
the- pugilist, arrived from the East-last
evening and is a . guest at . the .Palace
Hotel.- C.. - ; V;-- ' ;; : : - ¦'"'"-• ' ¦¦¦¦'¦
i Anticipating, the coming^of^his";b'etroth
ed*FItzslmmon8;;who Is; engaged in train
ing ; Jeffries at Harbin .Springs , dressed • In
hi8Cbest'"ltravellng fsuit, - hastened ;/ to
Sacramento ; yesterday^' and . "arrived. 1 'in'
ample" ;'time • to 'prepare ; himself: for '.'¦ a
welcoming ; greeting i to "; Miss . Giff ord. , He
accompanied ' the ' young .woman .; on ;, the
balance of her journey s to this city.
But for/ the superstition [ of I the : pugilist
Dauntless Lover Breaks
Southern California ~
Record. .
Fitzsimmons Defers His
Wedding Until the
Morrow.
WINS A BRIDE
ON THIRD TRIAL
SAN RAFAEL.,, July 23.— As a result "of
being arrested 'for the first time in his
life, Abe Abrahams, the son of well known
Marin County residents, will serve; one
year . In ,. San Quentln^ prison. Abrahams
pleaded guilty this afternoon and". Judge
Lenrion imposed the lightest sentence pos
sible upon him. . ' ".•:._ '¦,'¦'
On ' June 17 Abrahams was arrested for
stealing cattle from C. W. Wright . of
Larkspur; 911 or about June 12, 1903.' He
was ".held 'to, answer, and to-day was'ar
raigned.: Abrahams Is married and ;had
always enjoyed a good reputation. -• ;-
Marin Resident Who Admitted Theft
of Cattle Encounters the Un
bending Law. '
GOES TO A PRISON
FOR HIS FIRST CRIME
WILL HOT MARRY
ON UNLUCKY DAY
San Francisco on their wedding tour.
Williams fell In love with Miss Schmidt
two years ago while he was visiting in
Los , Angeles. .She. refused, him and he
returned to New York. Three times he
came ..back across, the. continent to per
suade . her. and "3."; proved his lucky
number. While hunting for Miss Schmidt
yesterday -afternoon- Mr.- Williams espied
her sitting at a soda water fountain. He
rushed in and renewed his proposal. She
said "Yes" and .they hurried off to the
court house, stopping In at a Jeweler's to
buy a diamond wedding ring. They were
married' at the -court house by a Justice
of the Peace and half an hour later ap
peared, as' husbandl and .wife at the home
of the girl'* astonlsned parents.
¦During 'the; evening Fitzsimmons ~and
MissGifford'spent'a portion of their time
seeing the city under the glow of
lights and ¦ then . with a < friend of the big
boxer' they visited a down-town resort,
where, \whlle partaking of. refreshments,
the ¦ actress 'and ' her } attentive lover were
the- center; of. attraction; '
the'nuptials of the couple would probably
have .been celebrated some time to-day.
Fitzstmmons, however, balked at the
proposition of securing a license on Fri
day and : having failed to get one yester
day, his marriage necessarily is deferred
until to-morrow.'. As yet the plans for the
marriage have not been definitely arrang
ed. The delay was a disappointment to
the young actress, but she philosophically
reconciled ; herself , to : the situation,
although , laughingly, chiding her future
husband" for ¦; what she was pleased to
term his' foolishness. '. :
A resolution was adopted fixing the
rates for cartage, Inspection and paving
for side sewer . work during the erlsulng
year.'
ration, the work, however, to be done
under the direction and to the satisfaction
of the board. '
The board notified -Acting Chief of Po
lice Martin that notices are now being
served requiring all bootblacks maintain
ing stands on public streets whose per
mits have expired to remove said stands.
Complaints have been made ? th*at stands
have been placed just inside the proper
ty line, requiring the bootblack to. per
form his labor on the sidewalk. The board
requests that, patrolmen be directed' to
Bee that the stanas.be so placed '¦ that the
bootblacks as well as the stands proper
be clear of the sidewalk. or. street.
The Pacific Foundry Company was
granted ' permission to open the roadway
of ; Market street for the purpose of set
ting concrete piers for poles:for"a*per
manent scheme of illumination and deco-
cided to transmit to the Supervisors all
the records connected with the present
status of the thoroughfare named. Action
was taken on the petition of the Sharon
Ksta\e Company, which has paved, curb
ed and sewered the street and constructed
sidewalks - at Its- own expense. • Some
doubts have existed In the past as to the
dedication to the city for, use as a. public
street of certain portions of New Mont
gomery street because of the reservation
upon the Assessor's • block books for as
sessment purposes and the levying of
taxes against the Sharon Estate Company
and Minnie 1... Self ridge 'and Lydia G.
Selfrldge.
The Board of Public Works yesterday
adopted a resolution that New Montgom
ery street, between Market and Howard,
he recommended to the Board of Super
visors for full acceptance. The board de-
The committee refused to grant Burke's
request that consideration be postponed
until September 3, but agreed to a con
tinuance of one week, when all Interested
parties will be notified to appear.
The committee reported In favor of
granting an extension of 60 days' time
to Gray Brothers before the ordinance
ordering the closins of the rock quarry
at Twenty-sixth and Douglass streets is
made effective. Lincoln Hackett of the
West of Castro Street Improvement Club
appeared find stated that the club had
withdrawn Us previous objection and was
satisfied to allow Gray Brothers to oper
ate the ouarry until October 12, 1903, but
the crusher will be removed on that date,
The joint committee on fire and streets
reported against the proposed ordinance
granting permission to the Golden Gate
Brick Company to erect an engine and
boiler and to store crude oil fn block 307.
Richmond District, for the purpose of
opera tir.j? brick wprks. William Deane
appeared and stated that the people of the
r>ntir«? dlptri't are opposed to the grant-
Ing of the permit. #
_?_.
FAV0B.S ACCEPTANCE OF
NEW MONTGOMERY STREET
Board of Public Works Recommends
That Necessary Action Be Taken
by the Supervisors.
ONE WEEK'S CONTINUANCE.
Supervisor Connor stated that the pub
lic was of the opinion that the company
intended to delay final action on the fran
chise until a r.ew Board of Supervisors
.¦was elected, this in the hope that It could
set the franchise on its own conditions.
Burke said the company has no such idea
in mind and proved his assertion by say-
Jr.g that if such were tiie case the com
pany could have withdrawn its applica
tion for the franchise and presented It
egain when the new board took office.
Burke said the fact that the company
¦was desirous of having the franchise con
eidered disproved Connor's statement.
Max Popper requested that the commit
tee express Itself against granting a fran
chise over the Mission tracks. The resi
dents of the district are In favor of a
franchise for an electric road but the
company would not consent to it. Pop
per Eaid.
Chairman Curtis of the Street Commit
tee ordered that Chief Engineer Hood of
the Southern Pacific Company and City
Engineer Grunsky proceed immediately
to consider the questions at issue and
have everything in readiness for the com
mittee.
CTJBTIS WANTS ACTION.
We are not ijrepared t» TrtVe any etate
tteat at thi* time with refereace to the owner
ship cf lard on Islala Creek, which the City
I.r.r-.r.'^r stated zsicht have socie eSect upon
hit recozsinend&tlcma. A« to the Mission tracks
th* commJUM has expressed Itself against
thesr use lor a eteam ro&d. Recardizs Islats
Creek we may fcave some rorcestlons to pre
sent which :r.L.y cause the committee to change
st.-- attitude. The Question of buildixi£ a \-iaduct
en Fifth street ¦will be reported upon by the
compaxy on September 3. and we are now
prepared to take up tha matter with the City
*: cancer.
!¦*:;> icuft '-r detenoised. Tbe eompmsT 1*
the chief sufferer by tie delay and no hard
fblp is w:. rk.fi ui>oa the public Sir. Herrla
will return <Juriae tie latter part at Auguit
au<5 his ¦ preeence is cecessary when t><<y mat
ter is contSdered.
Yesterday the Southern Padflo Com
pany again delayed action on Its petition
for a franchise to operate a steam road
along the bar shore by requesting the
Street Ccmmittee cf the Board of Sn
pcrvifors to postpone consideration. Jere
Burke, attorney for the company, ap
peared before the committee and stated
that President Harriman and Chief Coun
sel Herrin are out of the country and
he asked that the master go over until
September 2. Burke said;
There • are nixsy <rcertioss Involved in con
nectics. witi tbe Jranchise •w-fclcii raurt b«
tasked udos by thft two head oi&ciMlM. Tb«
¦¦:•.-¦:*.» uf poilcy on tile part .of the ccrn-
Southern Pacific Com
pany Still Sparring
for Time.
FURTHER DELAY
FOR FRANCHISE
The aim of the fire fighters is to build
& wide fire break from one creek to the
ether and thus intercept the progress of
the flames. This break will hare to be
three and a. half miles long, end it is
doubtful if it can be made before the fire
has eo far advanced as to interrupt th»
progress of the work.
The bltzp is one and a half miles Trlde
ar.d fw*o mites long. The fire is princi-
I>alJy bffween the two forks of TVaddell
Creek and is fast ciimbinB the rldte in
the direction cf eoms of the finest tim
ber in the iark.
EAJf JOSE, July 23.— A telephone mes
"Bage to-nirhl from Boulder Creek eayB
that fire Is making strong: lieadway
toward ttia vaJ'j^blo timber In t±>» Big
Basin in epite of the efforts of 100 men
under the directioa of Mr. PiUdngton.
Governor Pxu-dee and party ara rendering
£ssistanc£.
names IKake ILspid Headway, and
Paxdee, "With One Hundred Men,
Strives to Stay Their Ruin
ing Advance.
Blaze Mfle and a Half Wide
Threatens the Fine
Timber.
?
State Executive and His
Party Busy in
Big Basin.
GOVERNOR
FIGHTS THE
FOREST FIRE
THE S AN VB AN CIRCO^ C ALIi, ' FRIDAY, JULY 24, 1903.
3
ADVEETISEMENTS.
. The easiest way to be sure
of doing as you'd be done-by
in trade is the Schilling's Best
;r,oneyback way at your gro-
cer's
:iVi -: •¦ ¦¦' ' ¦ .; ¦[•;;¦ /ADVERTISEMENTS. - .:-.-. • ' ' * • . . '
."^M'.' Q^xm Wk Vi* 1 P> Men's Clothing Dept.
Hl^^^^" "-• '^^ ¦ *^*m* ' . ? •*¦ -H. ia. . *Qti*v& ja. or s j u jy sa j e we h^ye reduced the
' * <# -:--.—.- -^ 1 • prices on some sack suits that were made
T^fct* 'f'faf* Wlrttii"n AT IIIiIl/' ' up in our workshops to.sell for more money.-
' WSSfl' ¦ i> ' 1 - : '* "1 HIV • •¦' X^JI'XVr £'1..LIX-:- ¦ \i^ Jl u Wij . . • . ¦ ?&<££
£*§&§*&[/ v- '. • :°- 11^^ r t_ • Some of the suits are right from the work^
'" .' Knowing that July is ordinarily so inactive as far as business shops and were intended to sell for $10.00.
j^^^^^^^^^fe^ is concerned, we are going to try and overcome these conditions. Others in the assortment have beenfgr a
M^^^^^^^^^^ r Values that are good substantial values should create buyers. month or so selling in the store at $10.00.
i^ft^^^^^^^^ ' : Where people can save money they will necessarily buy. We To offer a suit that will bring buyers, who
i^^^^^^^^^^^^ offer the following extreme values in order to keep us busy during otherwise might not purchase now, we have
' the month of July. ¦¦'* reduced the suits to
> <y$l^ ¦ ' ;: W- ¦ The suits come in single breasted fancy
WZ zC^zWt. * i^la®'- Golf Shirts with se P arate mixed cheviots in dark and light shades, and
4 ilS^S^^ - cuffs ' made of fast colored ? lso in single and double breastedfcheviots
1^^^^^- '%&\^ $ ' J$B&&£ : corded percale in the latest pat- in the solid colors of black and blue.
-V-lfe- : '^^^ /v size and length; well made. The garments are the latest cut with broad
m^^wKB^Si : '- •• : M?ft : -'-d?. r MSl «JH^& strongly sewed; cushion col- shoulders and outside breast pocket; well
®W^^^^HM -'¦'' J^k.. v lV < ; "".^@; : lar. button protector and other lined with good quality farmer satin; sizes
Wmml €w^^^" ;:V^ %^ \ ~t} * in white and light Money refunded to customers not pleased
IP® -Fe^^pR- ¦»¦ ;:: \>^ •"* V '• fibres simillr ne to the^kfture^ with their purchase.
'--ira^^^Pf N v % '^"^> special at Repairing, sponging and pressing free of
P||fc|f£ '• laEill^^i! ¦••• :^^^^ V^ > ¦¦••^^fei <L? *^^- <;2 g£&& - F* 4T\ charge any time the clothes are brought in.
' Thp n a /irl inri romp /ilso with 'f'-''"'">x^oT^Q. '•?¦*>'¦'¦ v^s2^ viS * $*'*
The first Jot of goods were very nearly . We sell genuine South American Pana-. .''''''' ¦ : W^/^:^^ i '- : ' wSkS^^^^- mSifi
sold out, so we have taken more lines and ma hats for $4, • ' ; 'J^vft >; - v T ;f :' > " v ' • - .^^^^^.4^^^^^^^
added them to what remained. As for ' ..
si-^ir^^slie 1 f5, ; " .-.?! ."r..-!Sbc A |n AA &AO Kf\ ®4& e f\f\ '/
,Boys' blouse waists made of French jki 11 IJlJ Jk1f5.£lU rblDaUU. "WM''!^#
madras, linen and grass linen, shield fronts, V|/1V/«VW5 %ty JL\JF • KJ \J \ty JL.\mJ * \J \J • ~ lS|^^
75c blouses for 5Qc Mail orders filled— write for illustrated catalogue • il%§^
Boys' Fedora hats in colors. 90c The only firm manufacturing all their merfs, youths' and boys'* clothing M$S^
duced to as low as... .......... ...:50c -, 740 Market Street • CB *^RELIGIOUS EDIFICE IN PALO
ALTO SOON TO BE DEDI
CATED.
A ; reigning, society belle? to write a novel
Told' In -the Wasp." ' ¦ ; . . . ' -."-
LONDON, July 23.— Reports art reaching
London of serious rioting 'among the strikers
at* Baku, Russia, where it was • reported yes
terday that 40,000 men were on strike. . The
rioters are said to have fired Into a train con
veying troops. \ . »"
• PHOENIX. . A.' T., July 23.-A special
from Prescott says , that. Shelby -M. Gul
lomT clerk Qf ' the Supreme Court ; of Ari
zona, .will resign ; his [ office on' account of
the recent . Indictment "alleging, irregulari
ties while- he', was , deputy collector of;In
ternal revenue". He has given 1 bond in the
cum of • $500. The " caBe ' goes over to the
next term of: court.
Shelby Cullom Will Resign.
WABRENSBURG, Mo:; Jiily 23.— James
Shepherd, editor of the Warrenaburg Sen
tine}, who was yesterday fined $300 oy the
Supreme Court -for contempt, in printing
an article. criticizing a decision {rendered
by that body, was accorded an ovation
by his townspeople* when he arrived here
from Jefferson City- to-day. As soon as
it was learned yesterday that Editor
Shepherd had been fined some of the lead-
Ing men ' here* telegraphed him to draw
on them for the amount. To-day; these
men formed into a committee and, head
ing a big crowd of citizens, met Shepherd
at the .railroad\ station as he " came in
from the State capital, cheered him to the
echo and escorted him to his home.;-'" ¦'
Missouri Editor - Offends Supreme
Court, but Wins Approval of
"Fellow Citizens.
FINED $500 FOB HIS
cb-iticjsm: of decision
BCHENECTADY. W. T.. July 23.— Henry L.
Jackson of Barlir.cton. Vt., and Bewail K.
Crocker of Taccma, "Wash., arrived here to
night by automobile from San Francisco for
ICew York. They have been two months on
the trip. -V-- »v.
PR0MI1TENT IN. VICTOBIA.
VICTORIA. B. C, July 23.— Captain
Thomas HorwaVd of this city, who was
"presumably murdered in Berkeley, Cal.,
on Saturday, was prominent in Canadian
affairs, he haying been paymaster in the
Red River expedition and provincial
Treasurer in the Clark administration,
the first government of Manitoba. He
was once a leader ln v Montreal society in
the sixties, prominent in all social events
and a universal favorite, no fashionable
affair being complete without him. He
was one of the founders of the St. James"
Club, the most exclusive in the Canadian
metropolis. He held a command in the
Victoria Rifles, Montreal's crack volun
teer regiment.
In 1869 on the outbreak of the rebellion
in the Red River settlement (now Manito
ba) the deceased Joined tne Second Que
bec Rifles and as captain and paymaster
served under Lord Wolseley on the first
Red River expedition, one of the most
famous achievements of the great mll.tary
leader. After the suppression of the re
bellion, when the~ province of Manitoba
was created. Captain Howard entered
politics and held the office of Minister of
Public Works," Provincial Secretary and
Provincial Treasurer at different times
during the life of the first legislature of
Manitoba, under the leadership of Hon.
Henry J. Clark, the first Premier of the
province.
.; In 1875 Captain Howard retired from*
active political ] life and' embarked in
business in Winnipeg as . a. forwarder. In
which ' he was very successful for ; some
years. Early in the eighties he,; returned
to Montreal, where he carried ' on - a
brokerage business until the discovery of
gold In Yukon tempted him to try his
fortune 'at Dawson. In the Far North he
acquired j some valuable hydraulic ground
and It was for the purpose of disposing of
some ! of his , interests or ¦ securing ; capital
to develop them that he took the trip to
San Francisco, which has had such a
pitiful and tragic ending.
Deceased was in his sixty-ninth year,
having been born ; at Kingston, Ont., on
June ; 2, 1845,; whence . his father, " Henry
Howard; M. D.. removed to Montreal. In
1S68 r deceased . married : Mirah Walters
Dyde.v daughter of ' Colonel ; Dyde of
Montreal,"', who with three children, -two
sons and a daughter, survive \ him. One
of ,hls sons, ; ''Atty,". a celebrated lacrosse
and Hockey player, is living in New York,
Shirley, the other son, Ms ln~ Chicago and
Miss .Cherry Howard is with her mother
'in Uhls'.dty/K; :_.;;.;:: -."¦:• ¦-- : ; ..-•;:• '. ¦¦ ...
Howard's Political and Social Career
in British Columbia. \
REDDING, July 23.— A fierce forest fire
•was started this afternoon Just- south of
Shasta Retreat by sparks from a passing
locomotive. Fanned by a stiff south wind
the flames threatened to destroy the
buildings of the resort, but hard work
on the part of volunteer firemen pre
vented pecuniary loss. Burning logs roll
ing on the Southern Pacific track necessi
tated the presence of a wrecking train
crew.
Flames Threaten Summer Resort.
NEW YORK, July 23.— From San Fran-
Cisco^-R. J. Chapman, at the Manhattan;
P. J. Conatyl at the Morton; I. D. Schnei
der, at the Lincoln; A. Schwabacker and
wife, at the Netherlands; S. C. Taylor, at
the Gilsey;.N. L."~ Walter, at the Grand;
J. Bermingham, S. O. Levison and A. J.
Rich, at the Imperial; C. A. Konlgsberg,
at the Criterion; J. Livingston and wife,
at the Navarre.
From Los Angeles— C. L. Glass and H.
J. Whitely, ¦ at the Imperial: ;
Calif ornians ' in ITew York.
Mr. Kelly then showed the correspond
ent nine other checks for sums aggregat
ing $2250, which he said he sent Lee be
tween November 21, 1901, and December
14.1902.- \v3 "•;•:¦ ¦
This Kelly refused to do.
"Now," said Kelly, "if I attempted to
bribe Lee In that instance, why didn't he
mention all the checks of a similar nature
that I had sent to him?"
"I don't consider," replied Kelly,' "that
you have done anything for me, but I
guess I can let you have a thousand.".
When Kelly reached St. Louis a week
later he handed the $1000 check to Rob
ert E. Lee at the Planters' Hotel.
March 31, -1903, Kelly received the fol
lowing written note from John A. Lee:
"Paper you gave Bob cannot be used at
present; I will have it returned and you
can send New York exchange payable to
Mrs. Lee."
March 26, 1S03, Lee went to the office of
the- American Queen, the organ of the
National Health Society, In New York
and, according to Kelly, Lee said: --j
"You know, Kelly, you promised me
some money and I think I ought to_ have
It."
Lee declared to Attorney General Crow
that he understood this was bribe money,
but that he refused to accept It. Lee
held the check for two weeks before
turning it over to the authorities. }S::'i
Kelly says that from the. time the 1903
legislative session opened Lee begged him
by wire and letter to let him have some
money. He was sorry for Lee's distress,
but he thought he had given him enough
during the preceding two years and was
tired oS supplying his financial wants.
D. J. Kelly gave to the Post- Dispatch
to-day for the first time his story of the
$1000 check dated March 27, which was
handed to Robert Lee for his brother,
John A. Lee, formerly Lieutenant Gov
ernor, ¦ and upon which the two indict
ments charging Kelly with attempted
bribery are based. r * 1*
ST. LOUIS, July 23.— A special from a
etaff correspondent at Nlagura>on-the-
Lake, Ontario, ¦ to-day, says:
Man Wanted in St. Louis
Explains Prom Can
adian Retreat.
DID HOT BRIBE
LEE, SRYS KELLY
PASTOR OF. GRACE EPISCOPAL
CHURCH. WHO SUCCUMBED
TO APOPLEXY.* \ • " ,
Among, the arrivals at the Palace yes
terday was Governor Heber M. Wells of
Utah. He is accompanied by his daugh
ter and has come to join his family, which
is enjoying a vacation in the Santa Cruz
Mountains. -:;:**-
Mayor des Planches, Italian Embassa
dor to Washington; leaves for the East
to-day, after a ten days' visit to San
Francisco. ".
Dr. Elliot D. Curtis of Woodland is at
the Lick.
Dr. H. R. Martin of Riverside is at the
Grand. , * ', . •
Judge Henry Rickel of Cedar Rapids
is at the Palace. . .
Dr. and Mrs. A. C.'Winn of Tomales
are at the Palace. . •. ; f f "
Dn and Mrs! W. ;H.' Alport of Chicago
are cuests at the Palace.
Frank Buck, the well known fruit man
of Vacaville, is at the Palace.
Rev. William M. Kincaid of Honolulu
Is registered at the Occidental.
E. W. Hale; a prominent merchant of
Sacramento, and wife are stopping at the
Palace.
J.'O. Hayes, proprietor of the San Jose
Herald and Mercury, and wife are regis
tered at the Palace. :>;" "!
PERSONAL MENTION.
Dr. Foute was called to Grace parish in
ISS* and remained tbeTe continuously un
til the time of his death. Through his in
fluence the establishment of the Armltage
And Maria' Kip orphanages and St. Luke's
Hospital was accomplished. His persist
ent work raised his parish to the first
place In the diooese.-
During the general convention of the
Episcopal church In this city last year
Dr. Foute's name was prominently men
tioned for the Bishopric of Hawaii, but
he expressed his desire to remain a priest
yith his parish and the honor was conse
quently given to another. . %-^x
Dr. Foute is survived by a widow, a son
and a daughter. The funeral services will
be held at Grace Church to-morrow at 2
p. m. The interment will be at ~ Cypress
Lawn Cemetery. Bishop Nichols will con
duct the services. . ¦- ""*,»•/.,
THE Rev. R. C. Foute, rector of
Grace Episcopal Church and one
of the most prominent Hgures In
this Episcopal diocese, passed
away peacefully shortly before 10
o'clock yesterday morning at his home on
California street. Paralysis was the cause
of death. Dr. Foute was stricken with
the disease some weeks ago, and the doc
tors abandoned hope from the outset.
The death of the well-known clergyman
Ti-as peaceful and was not marked by
pain or suffering. After his affliction he
became semi-conscious and remained so
to the last. He was surrounded by the
members of his family when the last sum
mons came.*
Rev. R. C. Foute was of Southern birth.
His parents were wealthy land owners in
Georgia and as a youth Foute was given
every advantage of education.
When the Civil "War broke . out the
young man instantly linked his fortunes
vrith the Southern cause and became a
petty, officer in the Confederate navy-
After a. thrilling chapter of adventures on
Southern privateers Koute became s, mem
ber of the crew of the ram Mer
rimac and participated in the famous sea
fight between the Federal monitor and
the Merrimac
After the war had come to a close with
the surrender of I_%e at Appomattoz Foute
was one of the persistent guerrilla band
who essayed to prolong the struggle In
the far South. To escape capture by the
Northern troops he crossed the gulf to
Mexico In an open boat and there re
mained until affairs had quietedr
Once more a man of peace, Foute turned
his eyes toward the ministry and was or
dained a - priest I in the Episcopalian
church. <j ¦
Between August .1. 1902. and July 1, 1003,
I have laken 209 written applications for work.
In addition to this I have had at least 200
applicants from whom , I , have taken no writ
ten applications. These applications cover
every, occupation" in which I employ men. I
have had fourteen applications for grip re
pairers by men. who had some exoerlence in
this - line. I . have only thirteen grip repairers
employed at the present time. - In addition -to
this I have had a :. great many applications
for grip repairers by men who have been help
ers In blacksmith shops and • machine . shops.
This class of- men are very, desirable for grip
repairers. As for laborers, not a day passes
but what I have at least two or - three ap
plications -: of that-kind for .work. • I -.-have* not
had any. trouble in getting any kind of help
since . I . have been In - San Francisco. .When
ever a . man left ¦¦ there have : been from three
to ten men applying for the position.
The case will be resumed at 10 o'clock
this morning. \
Directly over the motor-man's head and
within his Immediate reach is located what
is known as the "circuit breaker." When
the motorman . throws on too much power the
circuit breaker blows open. When this hap
pens he - simply reaches up and pushes the
switch handle back to its original position,
making the circuit ! thereby. Other cars not
equipped with circuit breakers are equipped
with fuses made of soft copper or lead wire.
When the motorman turns-on too much power
this wire melts and so protects the* machinery
on the car. Replacing .this fuse merely con
sists in loosening • the thumb screws, placing
a new fuse thereunder and screwing the same
up tight. If any extraordinary i accident hap
pens to a car the motorman Is not* expected to
make any repairs, . but his car. is - trailed or
pushed Into the carhouse, where a new. car
is given ' to the ~ crew and the : damaged car
Is placed in the : hands -. of the car repairers
under my charse. . '..
HOW TO RUN" CAR.
The duties of the laborers are about Identical
with: that of a section hand on a steam rail
road. The work of grip repairers and truck
repairers Is not laborious or continuous, for
they have during working hours considerable
leisure. The brakes on the cars of the United
Railroads are In first-class condition.'- * In ad
dition to the regular wheel brake most of
the cars are fitted with a track j brake. Both
are operated by a lever. " The lever brake,
the operation of which Is by n* means labor
ious, stops a car quicker . than an ordinary
ratchet brake, which is generally In use In
other cities. The cars are now maintained in
better condition- than heretofore.. We have
more men employed now taking care of brakes
on the same number of . cars than we had a
year ago.' Motormen are not required to study
electricity or make any repairs to broken
down cars. >
Any man of ordimary Intelligence can fill any
of the above-named occupations with from one
to four weeks' experience; the laborers need
no previous experience. Grip and truck re
pairers when first employed are paid at the
rate of 22 J /4 cents per hour and are Increased In
pay as they grow proficient in their duties; the
greater portion of the men employed have abso
lutely no experience when employed. . The work
is neither hard nor laborious and our climatic
conditions are such that the men are not ex
posed to extreme heat or extreme cold; practi
cally no time need be lost throughout the entire
year on account of climatic conditions. The
employment Itself is stead", with no layoffs for
a dull season. A large* portion of this work Is
done under roof; there is no danger connected
with the work and in a majority of the cases
the work is performed in the day time. .
The men in my department affected by the
demands of the Carmen's Union are but few in
number, to wit, 33, and consist of 6 truck re
pairers, 13 grip repairers, 7 laborers ' and 7
men engaged in assembling special track work,
which are by this company termed "track
men." <
Laborers In the employ of my department
number seven and receive $2 a day. Laborers
In Los Angeles receive $1 75 a day, and in San
Jose they receive $1 75 a day; in Seattle, $2
a day. Grip and car (truck) repairers get time
and a half for overtime: laborers also receive
time and a half for overtime. Free transporta
tion to and from work is also granted to all our
employes; this amounts to from $2 50 to $3 per
month.
Special Dispatch to The Call. -
PALO ALTO. July 23.— Palo Alto's
new Christian church is now
nearly completed. It was de
signed by Architect R. H. Walk
er and Is the first church of this
model to be built' anywhere. The church
is a long, one-story brick structure, very
pretty' in appearance and designed to
have just a suggestion of the old Califor
nia mission architecture. It. will now. ac
commodate 300 people comfortably, but
with a view to later needs for more space
the walls have been constructed very
thick and the roof made fb rest on them
without fastening." Later -the roof can be
removed and one or two stories. added. A
tower can bo" raised from the front bal
cony. Outside the clinker brick and stock
brick and the black 'and white mortar
give a decorative appearance, while inside
the great beams are finished in Flemish
green.
The dedication of the new church, which
is the seventh to be erected here, will oc
cur within -dk'o weeks. The pastor Is th'e
Rev. D. M/Crabtree.
shoeing and general wagon work; from 18 to 19
years of age I worked in stores, on farms and
in blacksmith shops; from 19 to 23 years of
'age I attended Lafayette College, Eastern
Pennsylvania:' graduated as an electrical en
gineer In 1898. * During the summer vacations
of this latter period 1 1 worked as helper. In the
blacksmith shop and machine shops, also on
farms, waited on. tables. At the age of ' 23
years I entered street railway service of the
North 'Jersey Street Railway, Newark, New
Jersey, as motor and truck repairer, oiler, etc.;
and worked up 'gradually through successive
stages as wlrcnmn, controller 7 man, armature
winder, electrician, and chief clerk of th« mas
ter mechanic's office; then assistant master
mechanic of the North Jersey Street Railway;
on September 10, 1901, I was appointed master
mechanic of the - Jersey (flty. Hoboken 'and
Pa.terson Street Railway Company; on January
1, 1902, I was appointed- master mechanic of
the North Jersey Street Railway, and on August
1, 1902. was appointed to my present position
as master mechanic of the United Railroads °of
San Francisco. - ¦....-.-
PAY MORE THAN ELSEWHERE.
1 am 28 years of 'Age .and have .open t a
greater part of my life since leaving school In
mechanical work.- From 14 to IS years of ago
I clerked -In a country store,' attended the nor
mal school at Mansfield,"- Pennsylvania,' for two
years- of that time preparing for college, : work
ing during vacation at blacksmlthlng, horse-"
F. F.Broder, master mechanic of the
United Railroads, was next called. He is
but 28 years of age and told' how he had
educated himself, worked on; farms and
"even waited 'on table to ' get -a practical
engineering course- at college. ' He' was
on the stand the balance of the day and
gave his testimony in a straightforward
manner. "Livernash attempted to get him
,to admit that, the seven , laborers *under
his jurisdiction needed a' certain amount
of skill to perform their duties, but Bro
der^stated positively a dozen times that
there wan always a foreman or an-as
sistant watching " the ; men while they
worked" in the company's yard. Broder's
testimony In part follows :
I am master mechanic of the United Rail
roads of San Francisco; as such officer, I have
under my charge and supervision: (1) All re
pairs on rolling titock; (2) preparing plan, and
specifications for new rolling stock: (3) repairs
on all buildings belonging to the company; (4)
shop work in the construction of special track
work: (5) repair work- on enarlne, boiler and
electrical equipment power . houses; : (6) ma
chine sliops; (7) electrical repair shops; and (8)
I hire and discharge aU men connected with
these several departments.. ¦ ¦
EDUCATED HIMSELF.
In the East it is necessary for platform' men
to provide themselves with winter and sum
mer suits, with rubber storm boots, coat cap,
Kloves and mufflers and heavier underwear.
The company here and now agrees that If Its
employes will purchase their uniforms at one
establishment to be named by it It will under
take to furnish proper uniforms made accord
ing to the specifications just referred to for $16
each or less — coat, vest and trousers t
I
. Ther« Is an. adequate supply of men, in fact
we have more applicants than we can accom
modate. . ¦
The climatic conditions prevailing / in ' San
Francisco* are peculiarly advantageous to the
carmen. Tracks' blocked by snow and ice are
unknown; .blizzards, as they are known in the
Edit, never occur. The city is exceptionally
healthy and neither extreme heat nor cold pre
vail. > The streets along which cars are oper
ated are wide and offer exceptional advantages
for operation.
Employment on the qars is steady. A car
man having a regular run- may work every
day In the year if he chooses and may figure
upon a fixed income and regulate his living
expenses accordingly. There [ are no "lay
offs" or Idle days for lack of work.
Platform men are by the company granted
free transportation over the division upon
which they are employed whether In uniform
or other clothes upon presentation of their
badges, and when in full uniform are granted
free transportation over all' the lines within
the city limits. These concessions enable the
thrifty, carman to live In the outlying districts
If he chooses to do so.
I have also considered it highly important
that we should have the best possible sched
ules for the men so as to enable them to make
the maximum rate of wages within the • best
hcurs possible, and for this reason I have
given the matter of timetables a great deal
of personal attention. The foregoing compari
son between the dally pay earned on the old
timetables and the new will bear, out the state
ment that our changes have been in the direc
tion of bettering the condition of the men and
increasing their earnings. It is a physical Im
possibility to make satisfactory timetables to
enable all men to earn the same sum. If you
make a flat scale of a given amount per diem
the short runs are overpaid — and short runs
are unavoidable. ¦ . . ¦. • .- ¦••--.¦¦
Taking hours, wages and climatic condi
tions "into consideration I do not know of any
place superior to San Francisco for- carmen's
work. As will be witnessed by the schedule
Introduced here as United Railroads' exhibit
No. 8 that exhibit shows that under the old
timetables no platform man was earning as
high as $2 75 per day. We now have twenty
eight runs that' pay-, fifty-six men $2 75 per
day. ' Under the old timetable but eleven runs
paid $2 70 per day; we have seventy-six such
runs. Involving 152 men. Under the old time
tables but two runs paid $2 G5 per day; we
have 103 such runs and therefore 200 men
drawing that pay. Under the old timetables
but three runs paid but $2 60 per day; we have
114 such runs and 228 men drawing such pay.
Under the old timetables but' twenty-five runs
paid $2 55 per day; we have 142 such runs
and 284 men drawing such pay. Under the
old timetables but fifty-eight runs paid $2 50
per day;" we have sixty-four such runs, which
Involve 12& men. Under the old timetables
there were sixty-two runs paying between $2
and $2 50 per day; we have reduced the num
ber to 23 runs. • *
EABN GOOD WAGES.
In all the years of my railroad experience,
about eighteen in- number, I do not know of
any place where the conditions are so favor
able'for men to work on the cars, or where
the same i>ain* have - been taken- to 'give the
men the best timetables possible. I ' have
given this matter close personal attention so
as to - give to each man the highest possible
earnings.
The three chief requisites of a platform man
are carefulness, politeness and honesty, and if
I were called upon to add another qualifica
tion I would repeat "carefulness."
The 'knowledge necessary to start, run and
stop a car Is easily grasped. A man of aver
age intelligence and proper. ,, character will
make an acceptable platform man.
„• The foregoing applies equally to conductors,
more particularly the three essential require
ments, carefulness, politeness and honesty. <
The work required of a platform man is in
no sense skilled labor. The actual knowledge
necessary to operate an electric car may be
acquired In from one to three days' Instruc
tion, j
When a new table is posted the man oldest
In the service has the first choice and so on
down the list.
The United "Railroads of San Francisco has
in its employ 1835 motormen. conductors, grip
men and drivers known as platform mem
They are paid 25" cents per hour and 30 cents
per hour overtime. Overtime under, the pres
ent agreement is time , worked in excess of
eleven hours. On the 26th day of April. 1802,
the United Railroads entered into an agree
ment with its men that all regular runs shall
not exceed ten hours of actual work, the same
to be performed within fourteen hours. It was
found that in practical operation these hours
were unsatisfactory to the men, whereupon at
the request of the employes the company
amended the agreement and changed the hours
so as not to exceed eleven hours' actual work
to be performed . within ' fifteen hours. The
present carmen's demands call for a maxi
mum of nine hours' actual work (a decrease
of 18 2-11 per c-nt) to be performed. 60 per
cent within 10% hours and 35 per cent within
14 hours at $3 per day (an increase as to pay
33 1-3 per cent), overtime — that is time worked
over nine hours — to be paid for at the rate of
45 cents per hour (an Increase of 50 per cent).
Platform men who may be entitled to regular
runs are permitted to pick their runs from
the timetable in the order of their seniority,
and they retain the runs so selected so long
as that table is In effect.
Liivertiash desired time to analyze Chap
man's statement before taking it up. The
statement was in. part as follows: .
]'. Manager Chapman was placed on the
Ftand, but he read his evidence as before
and it was made a part of the record.
The chief feature of the proceedings
was the evidence of Manager Chapman
and that of David Young, who represents
Brown Bros, of New York. Young gave
,tome pretty direct testimony on .Wednes
day—some of it to the effect that he be
lieved in running cars in strike times with
policemen "as protectors. This testimony
appeared to surfeit LJvernash, who soon
propped the witness. *
("Yesterday was a lively day in the arbi
tration proceedings concerning the differ
ences between the United Railroads and
the carmen.
David Young Too Bitter a Pill for
Iiivernash. and Is Allowed
to Depart for Ne-w
York. /
I last saw him at 4 o'clock on th» afternoon
of July 11. He had with him at that time
between $175 and $200. which I had advanced
to him. In coin, and he told me he had pur
chased his ticket for Victoria and was going
to leave that night by the Oregon express, at
8 o'clock. ' We shook hands and. he appeared in
fine spirits, and said he was going to the
Southern Pacific office to secure his berth
That was the last I saw of him, as I went out
of town that same evening. He had Interests
in Alaska, and I was contemplating joining
him In. some of his business ventures there.
He was happily married and devoted to his
family.
Knowing nothing to th« contrary I -replied
to tlie message: "He lelt for the north some
time ngro." You can see how surprised I
must be to learn of the present situation of
affairs.
When I returned home to-night from the
south I found the following telegram awaiting
me: "Reported mishap. Is Captain Howard
well and safe?" Signed, Mrs. Howard Dal
las Hotel, Victoria.
Treanor tells the following story of his
knowledge of Captain Howard's move
ments:
According to Treanor's story Captain
Howard was in the city trying to dispose
of some mining claims in the Klondike.
He seemed short of money, and just be
fore leaving for his trip on the 11th
Treanor advanced him $175. At the time
Captain Howard told Treanor that he had
a ticket for Victoria and would shortly
leave for that place. ¦ " %
J. B. Treanor, an insurance adjuster,
having an office at 501 Montgomery street,
was a chance acquaintance of the dead
man. He returned to the city last night
after an absence since July 11, and when
notified of the supposed murder In West
Berkeley and the identification from Van
couver confirmed the report that the body
in the Berkeley Morgue is that of Cap
tain Howard.
It has been, discovered that Captain
Howard was a 'guest at the Russ House
from. May 23 up to July 11, when he sud
denly dropped from sight, leaving, behind
him all his baggage and. an unpaid hotel
bill of $80. No importance was attached
to his disappearance since he had often
said. that he had to look aiter-«ome.Berke
ley property in the interest of a friend
in Canada and it was thought .that . he
was staying with friends across the bay.
When shown the intelligence from Vic
toria last night Head Clerk Powell of
the Russ House positively confirmed the
identification. He . confessed that he had
failed to associate Captain Howard with
the stories that have appeared in the
local fbapers about the unidentified dead
man in West Berkeley. ¦
Charles Newman, the proprietor, tells
a story of Howard's allegations of unfair
dealing . on the part of some unknown
party in this city which may throw some
light on the mysterious end of the man.
He said last night:
Captain Howard was an exceedingly fine
gentleman. ¦ He played a good ! game of 'bil
liards and we all liked him. [ He was always
very dignified, courteous and polite. He stated
he had a big deal on with parties having of
fices in the Mills building and he went there
every day to see them. He would often say
to me. "Those scoundrels, over there in tha
Mills bulldinir are trying to do me up, but
they won't do it. I have a fair proposition in
hand and they know it and they are trying
to get the best of me. but 'I know my rights
and I am going to have them."
The identification ls«complete and the
body ¦ thau was found behind Brennan's
barn, West Berkeley, last Saturday morn
ing, the skull fractured and pierced by
bullets, accounts for the disappearance of
the Victoria captain. Back of the dis
covery, 'perhaps, is the story of a crime.
This .is the theory of the police.
The Victoria authorities base their
claim of identification upon significance
of the few effects of the dead man which
could be used as evidence. Upon the body
was 'found a ring having as a crest a lion
holding an arrow. This, it seems, is the
Howard crest, and} advices from the
north say that Mrs. 4 Howard and her
daughter, are wearing the same seal in
their rings.
The laundry marks upon the linen of the
dead man, consisting of the initial "H."
and the . number 2326, have been proved
to be his initial and mark of the Victoria
Steam Laundry Company, which was as
signed to his linen when it was taken into
their establishment. A hotel clerk of the
Vernon and Dallas hotels of that city by
the name of Cave has told the Vancouver
authorities that; the foldlng'steel footrule
found on the body of the man in "West
Berkeley is^ undoubtedly the same one
that he had seen him. use many times.
According to Victoria advices, the
costume worn by Captain Howard was
similar in every detail to that described
by the newspapers of this city as having
been. worn by the victim of the thugs in
.West Berkeley, and there are still further
circumstances that tend to confirm the
identity of the deceased as Captain How
ard. On part of his under-clothing was
found the name of R. J. Tooke & Co., the
well-known Montreal haberdashers.. It is
said that when Captain Howard went
from Victoria to seek to dispose of his in
terests in hydraulic ground in the Yukon
it was to Montreal that he went, where
he was well and favorably known. It is
probable that he purchased the garments
in question when visiting the Eastern
Canadian city. It is stated that he wore
russet gloves, and in this connection those
who knew the dead man say that Captain
Howard almost invariably wore russet
gloves.
Berkeley's mysterious dead man was
Captain Thomas \ Howard of Victoria,
B. C. -This fact became known beyond
question last night ..through advices re
ceived from the police of Vancouver by
local police. •
Master Mechanic Tel 13 How
He Climbed the Ladder
of Fame.
Victoria Advices Declare
Dead Man a Citizen of
y* ; ¦ That City.
Berkeley Victim Discov
ered to Bo Captain
T. Howard.
Easy.
Thinks , Carmen's Work
in California Is
CHAPMAN
MAKES HIS
STATEMENT
UNKNOWN MAN
POSITIVELY
IDENTIFIED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY r 24, 1903
The New Edifice of the Christian Denomination Is
Now Nearly Completed and Arrangements Are
Being Made for the Ceremonies^ of Dedication
CHURCH AT PALO ALTO
ADDS TO TOWN'S BEAUTY
Noted Clergyman, Who Was for Twenty Years a
Prominent Worker in the Episcopal Church,
Passes Away, Surrounded by Members\of Family
REV. R. C. FOUTE ANSWERS
THE SUMMONS OF DEATH
4
DOAN'S -OPXEY PELLS.
A GREATJEC0RD7
Hard to Duplicate It In San Fran-
claco.
Scores of representative citizens of San
Francisco are testifying on the following
subject. Such a- record of local indorse-
ment is unequaled in modern times. This
public statement made by a citizen is but
one of the many that have preceded it
and the hundreds that will follow. Read
F. M. Tucker, dairy farmer, of 737 How-
ard street, says: "Trouble with the kid-
ney secretions to me was a fruitful source
of annoyance. Sometimes continence or
stoppage was very marked; sometimes the
action was too often and the quantity too
profuse. In addition 'to this I had back-
ache every now and then. v . Matters had
gone on like this for some years, and al-
though I constantly tried to get rid of the
cause I was unsuccessful until I used
Doan's Kidney Pills. What I saw in an
advertisement which induced me to- take
a 1 course of the treatment was true, for
the pills acted exactly, the same in my
case and a cure was the result."
For sale by all dealers. Price 50 cents.
Foster-Mllburn Co., Buffalo, N. Y., sole
agents for the United States.
, Remember the name, Doan's, and take
no substitute- -
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦EBBMHHHH
ONE BOTTLE CURES. |
eMcBurney's 1
KIDNEY |
| BLADDER CURE I
£* Certain and thorough cure for pains In JJ
g the small of the back. Irritation of tha ¦
¦ bladder. Bright'* disease, female trou- Q
m We*. Incontinence of urine, brick dust _J
¦ deposit, bed wetting of Children, gravel, ¦
~ gtdl stones, thick, turbid frothy urine, 5
I dropcy, diabetes and rheumatism. B
¦ Send 25c for five days' treatment and ¦
m get relief In SO tnlsutae. • r
— , Kidney and Bladder Cure Jl 50 _¦
J* Liver and Blood Purifier $1 25 5
¦ FOB SAX£ BT AX_L DKXTOGISTS B
B C7U your druggist does not ' keep H
¦ McBurney't Kidney and Bladder Cure B
D will send to any address (express pre- M
rg paid) on receipt of price. g
¦ w. r. -.cBU-urxrr, sol* Mfr_ ¦
¦ ' 828 S. Spring: St, Los Angeles, Cal. ¦
-IBMI1H-B-IBIHHH.B
IA/. X. HeSS.
XOT-BT PUBLIC _KD ATTOBNET-AT-LAW.
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claus Spreckels bldg.
Telephone Main OSS.
JUaldeBce. 821 California et.f b«low PoweO.
¦ .* Urtlflencs Telepfcona James 1801.
Bl II BKr H r I 9 H 1-bH
En H icO -a 1 Baa 9 JE^* JH
LEADING BITSIXESS COLLEGE OF THE
WEST 24 Post st.. San Francisco. Cal.l
Established 40 yean. Open entire year.
Write for Illustrated catalogue (free).
Actual business booltkeeping:. only expert ac-
countants and reporter* as teachers; Or* %%
shorthand easiest, fastest and most readable.
Day and evening. Send for catalogue to Col-
lege. 1236 Market st. ,-
- POLYTECHNIC
Ml ' Business College and
jggy " School of Engineer-
Largest and best
_5^JiftrSl EfBiWi?! equipped school oi
_B|5_VQal « Pfffcfcl business. shorthand
!MjSjyUUIJ_JDBJ*«lv and ensineertng west
ffi\minffr$lfi>Vfr-r, V of Chicago. Perfect
100-page, catalogue.
MILLS COLLEGE AND SEMINARY
(FOR YOUNG LADIES).
Confers Degrees and Grants Diplomas.
Seminary course accredited to the uar~«rst-
tlea and leading Eastern colleges; rare, oppor-
tunities offered in music, art and elocution.
Thirty-eighth year. Fall term opens August
12. 1903. Write for catalogue, to MRS. C. T.
MILLS. Pres.. Mill- Collego P. P.. CaL
IRVING INSTITUTE.
BOARDING AND OAT SCHOOL TOR
young ladies and little girls, 2126 California
it., will reopen August 3. 1803. Accredited to
the Universities. REV. EDWARD B.
CHURCH. A. M.. Principal. ' ' ¦'
St. Mary's College,
OAKLAND, CAL. *- "
Studies will b« resumed MONDAY, August 3,
1903. BRO. ZEXONIAX. President
ST. JOSEPH'S ACADEMY,
} PERALTA PARK. BERKELEY.
Boarding and day school for boys under 15 years
of age. Studies commence MONDAY,. August 3,
1903. Send for prospectus to Bro. Oenebran.
f*>Jirorrv.i*\- goipoL 6oo po-
MfT> M I IVCCC "Itions In past year.
ia*^| V-X 5 60-Pasa catalogue
X^S "~* - "^ San Francisco.
COLLEGE OF NOTRE DAME,
SAN JOSE. CAJU. • . i i
F1X»? -second year. Confera degrees, grant »
diplomas. College preparatory accredited. Con-
servatory course. Intermediate and primary
departments for younger children . Studies re-
mm«d August 4. 1806. -
_J YON MtYtRLUK 0 * I
irtl FULTON ST.. San Franctaco, CaL
L«adlng Musical Collegs of tha Coast.
Largest school, thorough course, able teachers.
Writ* for l!*03 Catalogue. -
MISS EABKEB AZTD MIS3 HUGHES'
SCHOOL 7OB GX---S
AT PALO ALTO. CALIFORNIA. Formerly the
TEOBUBS SCHOOL.
Prepare* for tho Universities and Colleges,
West and East, i University lectures open to
students. Semester begins August 23.
ANDERSON ACADEMY,
• IRVINGTON ' CAZfc
--•A high-grade Military School for a limit**
number of boy* of good character. Next Una
begin* August 12. ......
WILLIAM WALKER ANDERSON. Principal.
HAMLIN SCHOOL
AJTD VAX XTSSS --IMUTA-tY,
1849 Jackson st., 8. F. Boarding and day
school for- girls. Accredited by 'the leading
colleges and universities. Special - attention
given to music. Reopens August 10, 1903.
EARAH D. HAMLIN, Principal.
,; THE LYCEUM
An accredited preparatory school for the uni-
versity, law and medical collages, la well
known for Its careful and thorough work. Corns
and be with us; we prepare you .well; refer-
ences. President Jordan or any Stanford pro-
fessor. Phelan building.
I, H. GRAU. Ph. P.. Principal.
THE JENNEMORROWLONG COL-
LEGE OF VOICE AND ACTION.
Stage and platform positions " guaranteed;
language*; diplomas. Catalogue. .133- Butter
«t. Phone West lies. Reopens September _.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION,
PARTINQTON'S, 424 PINE ST.
Oldest School In America.
New Term Begins MONDAY, Aug. S.
DAY AND EVENINO CLASS.
HOITT'S SCHOOL
FOR BOYS, Menlo Park, California. Preparea
for any university or for business. Send . for
illustrated catalogue. IRA O. HOITT. Ph.D..
Principal. Kail term opens August 11.
BELMONT SCHOOL,
FOR BOY3. BELMONT. CAL.. •
Opens for new pupils August 10; for former pu-
pils August 12. Catalogue and book of views
on application.
/ W. T. REID. A. M. (Harvard). Head Master.
Miss West's School for Girls,
• 2014 VAN NESS AVENUE.
Opens "August IS. Some and day school. Ac-
credited by leading colleges. I"or catalogue ad.
drees MARY B. WEST. Principal. .
BOOM'S UNIVERSITY SCHOOL,
BERKELEY, CAL.,
Reopens Monday, Anpst 3.
6AINT MARGARET'S SCHOOL
SAN MATEO.
Accredited to Stanford, reopens An_oit 2flt_
In oew buildings on Monte Diablo ave. Modem
Improvements. For further Information or clr-
culars address (MISS) I. U TEBBETT3.
v Hitchcock Military Academy,
EfAS SAPAEL, CAX,.
Separata building for little boys. Xmas term
will begin on Aug. 17.
T DB.PIERCES -r
GOLDEN
MEDICAL
DISCOVERY
FOR THE
1 BLOOD.LIVER.tUNGS.
T3T3TTCTTT7Q FOR BARBERS. BA-
JBK U biiiio *s_^°°iSS_sr -.__&:
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canaers.
dyers, flour mills, foundries, laundries, paper,
hangers, printers, painters, shoe • factories,
•tablemen, tar- roofers, tanners, tailors. «o.
BUCKASAZT BEOS.,
_tT-»h Mannf actn.tr.. 609 Sacramento St.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
JAS BOYES & CO. ggf"*.?" SSTisg
OILS.
LUBRICATING OILS.' LEONARD * KXXISj
<la Front «t.. fit T. Phon. auto nix
nmuro. * T~
e. c- ffljoflEs, Ma _ssrs •. -LONDON, July 23.— The Irish land bill
passed its first reading ln the House of
Lords to-day. The second reading was
fixed for August 3.
Land Sill in House of Lords.
HONOLULU. July 23.— Salvage claims
for $40,000 each ' have been filed by the
owners of the tugs Fearless and Charles
Counselman against the steamer Claver
ing, belonging to the China Commercial
Steamship Company. The Clavering a
few days ago struck on a reef at the
entrance to Honolulu harbor and was
pulled off by the tugs named without hav
ing sustained much damage. It is be
lieved that the claims of the tugboat own
ers will be contested and litigation ' over
the matter is likely.
Will Contest Salvage Claim.
RICHMOND, Va., July 23.— The cruiser
Galveston," which was under construction
when .the" Trigg- shipyards went into the
hands of a receiver, was successfully
launched here to-day. ¦ Miss Ella Sely of
Galveston, Tex., acted as sponsor. The
only Government official was 'Assistant
Naval Constructor Groesbeck.
Cruiser Galveston Launched.
JACKSON, Ky., July 23.— Captain Ewen
left to-day for Lexington. He will go to
Cynthiana Saturday to testify against Jett
and White. Ewen was escorted by sol
diers as far as Torrent. that place
the troops left the train and escorted
Charles Green, a witness before the
Grand Jury, who had been threatened,
~Back to Jacknon. Green is to testify ln
the Cockrill case. It is claimed that he
saw the men who fired the shot that
killed Cockrill. Green told* his story to
the Grand Jury, which it Is believed will
result in the indictment and arrest of cer
tain officials of the'eounty on charges of
bribery and being accessory to the mur
der of Marcum.
LEXINGTON. Ky.. July 23.— Curtis Jett
and Thomas White, indicted for the mur
der of # J. B. Marcum at Jackson, who
have been In Jail here for safe keeping,
were quietly spirited away from the Fay
ette County Jail this morning, put on the
Louisville and Nashville train and taken
to Cynthlana, where they are to be tried
by Judge Osborne July 27. Only the Jailer
and the officials knew of the movement.
The King Edward VII l*> of 16,350 tons
displacement, only 350 more tons .than 1 the
Louisiana, now building at Newport
News, and the • Connecticut, building at
New York. She is 425 feet long, has 73
feet beam, a draught of 26% and 18,000 in
dicated horsepower. Her "armor belt Is
from 8 inches to 12& Inches Krupp steel
in . thickness. Her armament consists of
four 12-inch guns, four 9%-lnch guns, ten
G-lnch guns and twenty-fcur guns of
smaller caliber. She has two torpedo
tubes. Her estimated speed is 12.5 knots.
She carries 950 tons of coal and has a com
plement of SOO men.
LONDON, July 23. — The new . battleship
King Edward VII, the largest In the
world, was successfully" launched by the
Princess of Wales at Devenport this even
ing; Among those present were the Prin
cess of-, "Wales, Princess Henry of Batten
berg and the I^ords of the Admiralty.
Kins Kdward laid the keelplate March 8,
irO2. The vessel will cost $7,500,000.
Marcum Murder Sus
pects Taken to-Oyn
thiana for Trial.
Princess of Wales Sends
the King Edward VII
Into the Water.
JETT AND WHITE
SPIRITED AWAY
NEW BATTLESHIP
FOR JOHN BULL
KINGSTON. Isle of St. Vincent. July
23.— The Soufrlere volcano has been slight
ly agitated since July, 19, emitting puffs
lntermlttehtly," which caused clouds and
low rumblings.. A severe earthquake
shock was felt at 1:40 a. m. -Tuesday, ac
companied. by t a .subterranean ;• sound = of
cracking,' which shook the buildings hero
andthrew the. people Into a state of con
sternation, . fearing that a disastrous phe
nomenon would follow ' this . earthquake,
similar to that of July 17, 1902, which pre
ceded the eruption of September 3, 1902.
Subterranean Quaking Throws People
of Kingston Into a State of
;-v ; Consternation.
SOUFRIERE VOLCANO IS
AGAIN SLIGHTLY AGITATED
ANNAPOLIS. Md.. July 2.1.— Ellis Lando 01
Hawaii haB suecesBfuIly pasted his examina
tions for midshipman and has been ordered tc
report at the Naval Academy.
BANK BOBBEBS ESCAPE
FBOM WISCONSIN JAIL
Escape Planned in Chicago and Car
ried Out Through Cleverness
of Three Women. ~ i", i;
CHICAGO. July 23.— Dennis and Lat
tlmer, said to be. two "of the most notori
ous safe blowers and bank robbers In the
country, both of whom live in Chicago,
escaped from Jail at Waukesha, Wis.,
last night through the cleverness of three
women. It is believed. The Jail delivery
was planned In Chicago some time ago
and the local nolle" had full Information
In regard to the plot. The authorities of
Waukesha were notified that the women
had started for Waukesha with the saws
and necessary tools. Despite this the Chi
cago women outwitted the Sheriff and the
escape was executed without a bitch.
Escapes at Jonesboro and Aledo, 111., are
credited to the same persons.
Honors Name of General Ord.
WASHINGTON, 'July 23.-Secretary
Root has Issued an order naming the can
tonment on the military reservation at
Monterey, Cal.. Ord Barracks, in honor
of Major General E. O. C. Ord, who was
an officer of the first command that.oc
cupied Monterey, January 29, 1847.' '
George Frederick W. Holls was born at
Zellenople, Pa., July 1, 1S57, was gradu
ated from Columbia College In 1878 and
studied also at the University of Leipsic.
He was a delegate at large to the New
York constitutional convention in 1894,
member of the peace conference at The
Hague from the United States in 1893 and
was recently member of the International
Court. He was the author of a number of
books. . Including numerous lectures and
essays 'on Dolitlcal subjects.
NEW YORK, July 23.-Frederlck W.
Holls. secretary of the American delega
tion to The Hague peace conference and
more recently member of the International
Court, died suddenly at his' home in
Yonkers to-day of heart failure. •
Member of International Court of
Arbitration Dies at Tonkers
of Heart Failure.
DEATH COMES SUDDENLY
TO FREDEBICK W. HOLLS
Bussia Borrowing Millions.
ST. PETERSBURG, July 23.— It is said
that Russia has arranged with French
capitalists for a loan of $26,000,000.
WASHINGTON. July 22.— The State
Department has heard nothing recently
from Minister Conger respecting the
Manchurlan negotiations, so It is sug
gested that the Peking report to the effect
that the Chinese Government, through
Prince Ching, has declined to open any
Manchurlan pirts refers to a phase of the
negotiations dating about two weeks back.
The reason for this suggestion Is a
knowledge on the part of the officials
here that before Secretary Hay's depart
ure for his summer home the Chinese
Government actually did pledge Itself to
open two or three more ports in Man
churia If. however, there has been any
change In the Chinese attitude since this
pledge was given, it Is said here that
the United States Government will not
be moved thereby, but. holdlfc fast to
the pledges already given, will insist on
their redemption.
State Department Has Not Heard of
China's Change of Front.
DOUBTS PEKING ADVICES.
' The Duke of Devonshire, Conservative
leader in the House, retorted thut while
he gathered from the remarks that the
Premier ought to tell Mr. Chamberlain to
resign he feared that was a rather Illog
ical procedure since though the Govern
ment had by no means yet adopted the
views of the Colonial Secretary, the Gov
ernment's Investigation, so far cs It had
proceeded, had convinced the Premier and
his colleagues that Mr. Chamberlain's Im
peachment of the fiscal policy was well
founded and that changes ought to be
effected.
Earl Spencer added that if Mr. Cham
berlain remained In the Cabinet It would
be almost Impossible to dissociate his
views from the policy of the Government
as a whole.
The educational campaign on the tariff
programme which ' Colonial Secretary
Chamberlain -has vigorously launched by
means of leaflets and circulars came in
for serious criticism In the House of
Lords this afternoon. Earl Spencer, the
Liberal leader, \ complained that Mr.
Chamberlain was practically violating the
Government agreement, namely that the
fiscal discussion should be poscyened un
til October. He said the distribution of
such literature looked on its lace as
though the Government had taken up Mr.
Chamberlain's views.
subject. The Government had pledged
itself not to ask the country not to make
a change until after the general election
and premature and hasty parliamentary
debate could only produce divisions
among friends without benefiting the
country.
LONDON, July 23.— Addressing the
Primrose League at a dinner to-night at
the Hotel Cecil, Premier Ealfour warmly
defended Colonial Secretary Chamberlain
against unreasonable attacks because he
had given, as he had the right to do, ex
pression of views on the colonial question.
No man, Balfour said, had a better op
portunity than' Mr. Chamberlain of know
ing their views. Balfour reiterated his
previous statement that the Government
approached the question with an open
mind and said that It was folly to exp/ct
the Ministry on a moment's notice tw'pro
duce a formulated scheme on such a great
Premier Champions the
Right of Chamberlain
to Air Views.
BALFOUR SPEAKS
IN HIS DEFENSE
From a statement handed to a corre
spondent of the Associated Press by the
American commission It appears that a
unanimous agreement on a series of reso
lutions was ' reached regarding a uni
form monetary system for China on a gold
basis, with a silver circulation. The reso
lutions declared it to be desirable for both
China and the gold-using countries trad
ing there If a fixed relation of the silver
coins to gold could be had. The resolu
tions further recommend the gold-using
countries 'buying silver for subsidiary
coinage to observe regularity. The Ger
man delegates passed a resolution to the
effect that Germany does not need to buy
silver, having already about one hundred
millions above her requirements in cir
culation. The resolutions disclaim pro
moting bimetallism or any change in the
monetary system of the gold countries.,
The Americans and Mexicans express
satisfaction with the. results of the work
In Berlin. President Creel of the Mexican
commission said that if the project for a
uniform currency for China was soon car
ried out and the silver purchases of Eu
rope and the United States were made
regularly the fluctuations which have
been so injurious to the trade between the
silver and the gold countries will cease.
Representatives of the Chinese Govern
ment, who were present at the confer
ences at London. Paris and Berlin, ex
pressed approval of the proposition to
give China a uniform currency.
BERLIN, July 23.— The conferences of
the American and Mexican Monetary
Commission with the German committee
were concluded to-day. The promptness
with which the Government appointed the
German commissioners and their speed In
dispatching business enabled the Amer-^
leans to finish their work here In one
week, whereas they expected to remain
three weeks. The Americans and Mexicans
will proceed to 'St. Petersburg on Sunday.
Monetary Commission
Concludes Conference
Japan is reported to be furious over the
alleged advance of Russian troops into
Korea for the ostensible purpose of pro
tecting timber cutters employed in the
Korean forests. This is the most acute
question now Involved In the differences
between Russia and Japan. Recent re
ports that there had been an agreement
on the timber cutting matter which
would satisfy Japan's qualms were at
first credited here, but now it is said thar
Japan will be satisfied with nothing short
of the rellnqulshment by Russia of the
timber concessions.
WASHINGTON, July 23.— Very hopeful
feeling prevails here that the differences
between Japan and Russia will yield to
efforts now being made by neutral pow
ers to bring about a settlement. It Is
learned that Secretary Hay, realizing
that war between Russia and Japan was
not Improbable if conditions did not
change, has been using his good offices
to avert a conflict. On every occasion
presented he has not failed to urge upon
the representatives of the two govern
ments the necessity of maintaining peace
In the far East, where the consequences
of war might be to involve all civilized
powers in the most terrible struggle the
world has ever known.
Secretary Hay Using His ' Good . Of
fices With. Bussia and Japan.
TRYING TO AVEKT A WAS.
TO PLACE CHINA
ON GOLD BASIS
Lord Cranborne's remarks were the
subject of special comment because of the
presence ... London of the French arbl
tratlonlsts.
passed In England, and we cannot but be
surprised. If one can say 50 of a great
neighboring nation, that France should
think It necessary to Introduce such a
law."
MEMBER OF PARLIAMENT WHO LED AN ATTACK UPON THE BRIT
ISH GOVERNMENT'S FOREIGN POLICY, AND THE UNDER SECRE
TARY WHO SPOKE IN ITS DEFENSE.
"Such a measure a« the associations
law," he said, "could never have been
Besides alluding to the Czar as a despot.
Lord Cranborne made an indiscreet ref
erence to France, and John Redmond
tried to make it appear that the. British
Government had suffered a rebuff In Its;
representations to France In behalf of the
expelled monks. In replying Lord Cran
borne ealC that he was not surprised at
Redmond's remarks and that he must
agree with him In deploring -what had oc
curred.
"Our ally. Japan," he said, **is becom
ing ureas^at the prolongation of the cc
cupa.clon cl Manchuria and we are equal
ly f.nxlous for some kind of settlement.
Tbare are certain elements out of which
«n agreement ought to be possible and if
Russia Is prepartd to give due weight to
our treaty rights and commercial inter
ests she will not find us Irreconcilable
to compromise."
tiatlng with Russia was that Great Bri
tain had not yet been atle to ascertain
exactly what the Russian Government
wanted and the fact remained that Man
churia was still occupied. Russia's-fail
ure to fulfill her undertaking, he said,
was satisfactory neither to Gr»»at Bri
tain, Japan nor the United States.
Lord Cranborne said the Russian Gov
ernment knew perfectly well that Eng
land would be delighted to come to an
agreement, but there were difficulties. He
doubted whether the Russian Govern
ment was so homogeneous a despotism
f.s might be supposed from her past his
tory. There seemed to be at least two
I>artlcs !n the Government with which he
was obliged to deal, and England had
never received an intimation of what
Russia expected.
of humiliating surrenders in China. He
eaid the t;m>> had arrived for facing the
situation in Manchuria and Newchwang.
Lord Cranborae. in reply, said that
British trade in China was still increas
ing at a satisfactory rate and he was
confident cf securing a full share of rail
way and other valuable concessions. The
Cover uuest, he said, wp.s fylly aware of
the position of Manchuria. The great
difficulty up to the present time In rr-go-
trade by means of colonial departments,
eccused th» Government cf a succession
The criticism of the Government's for
eign policy continued at the evening ses-
Bion. Joseph Walton, a Liberal, who
Ftror.gly favored an extension of British
The Under Foreign Secretary. Lord
Oranborne. replying, said the German Em
p*-ror had nothing whatever to do, di
rectly or indirectly, with the communica
tors In regard to the co-operation of
Grr-at Britain and Germany In the Vene
zurlan affair. He vindicated the po!icy of
the Government In this matter and said
Grt-at Britain was on friendly terms with
all the powers.
Continuing, the Under Secretary denied
that Great Britain was getting the worst
of it in Manchuria, where, he said. Great
Britain recognized the open-door policy.
Referring to the Canadian tariff ques
tion. Lord Cranbome paid they must look
to their own colonies first and an end
must be put at once to the disabilities
undrr which thr-y Fuffered.
Criticizes British Policy in Dealing
With Foreign Affairs.
LONDON. July 23— When the House
of Cramons was in committee to-day on
the Foreirn Office vote. Sir Charles Dllke
« Advanced Radical) assailed the foreign
policy of the Government, which, he said,
wa« strangely inconsistent. He. com
pared the recent visit of King Edward
to France and President Loubet's return
viFit to England with the Government's
attitude toward Germany, and accused
the Government of cringing to Germany
in the Venezuelan matter and of "allow
irjsr themselves to be hoodwinked." But,
Sir Charles added, when there was a
popular cry against Germany the Govern
ment had "hatched up the Canadian tariff
prievarce and lately the Ministers had
UFed language of absolute ferocity against
Germany."
DILKE ASSAILS GOVERNMENT.
The paper points out that war would be
wholly opposed to Russia's Interests. It
nrpe* the British Government to make Its
Japanese allies fully realize the gravity
and risk of ruch desperate, enterprise as
crossing swords with Russia, It contends
that In the event of war Great Britain
would not be Involved. It argues thus:
If France »hoo!d be called open by her ally
for assistance she knows that compliance
wrruld be equivalent tc a declaration of war
agaitirt England, with which country at the
present moment she ts on singularly good
Term*. It would b« absurd to suppose that
Ruesia would have the folly to make such a
demand, and It would b» even more foolish to
Imagine that France would make response.
The Novl Krai, a Siberian newspaper,
« copy of, which has reached here by
mail, asks:
¦Why is not thin hysterical demand for Ru»-
T'.rin evacuation of Manrhuria accompanied by
*n equally jxremrt^T protest against the con
tinued t>r»fwnce of Jar-snese troops in Korea?
In Seoul, t*e Kcr»-tn Government l« overawed
•rod Kor*-fcn« are oppressed by Japanese sol
diery. Th!« fact Is perfectly well known Jn
London and Washington. w « «¦*"• asked to
evacuate Inksn ferthwlth. Russia will listen
to the request when the Japanese withdraw
firm Chemulpo, Moe-ampo and Zlnanpo.
The Dally Mall editorially treats the
fr'tu&tlon in the Far East as very threat
ening;. It tayn:
The real Iwue for Japan lies between war and
nothing- else than the ultimate loss of her inde
r*ndect existence as a nation. The chance of
* peaceful solution is daily becoming: more re
tuatm.
sian forces at Port Arthur and
elsewhere In Manchuria. Many of the
newcomers are ostensibly immigrants, but
are really soldiers. There Is not the
*llKhtest evidence that Russia intends
either to /withdraw from Manchuria or to
moderate her policy.
LONDON. July 23.— A dispatch to
the Standard from Tientsin says
that since Ju'.y 15 there has been
an incessant Increase In the Rus-
Soldiers Enter Manchuria in the Guise of Immigrants
and Developments Indicate That the Czar Has
No Intention of Moderating His Warlike Policy
RUSSIA CONTINUES TO POUR
TROOPS INTO PORT ARTHUR
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, FRIDAY^ JULY s ! 24, 1903.
5
THE OLD HOMESTEAD.
BT
HENBY P. SMITH.
- The Art Supplement with the
Sunday Call of July 26 will
make a most attractive picture
if framed with three or four
inch Flemish dark green oak
and ., powdered gold ornamenta-
tions. Y
ADVEBTISEMEI7TS.
fflm\s / *P*' —^S^° UR EYES
¦ CURES ALL EYE DISEASES. V^ J&&'
WFLRMED EYES, SCALES ON US3jfl}>^ , ~'£&!F
OBANULATION ETC. '^'^sUS^^
California tunllght. strong winds and *Ttal\
dust causa eye trouble. Little troubles grow.
Murir.e is a favorite toilet requisite, restort* a,
faded ej« to natural brilliancy, doeaa't smart.
•ooth-s eye pain.
The laboratories of the Murlne Ey« Rrmmlr
Co.. Chicago, are th* larre't ln tb* world pro-
ducing an •xclusix'* line of eye ramedlea.
Soid by Druggists and Opticians
©Vim, Vigor, Vita/it/ for Ktn.
MORMON' BISHOP'S P1I,L9
have been in us* over fifty
years by the leaders of th*
Mormon Church and their
followers. Positively cure the
worst ca;es in old and youns
arising from effects of self-
abuse, dissipation, excesses of
cigarette smoking'. Cure Lost
Manhood. Impotence, Lost
Power. Night Losses. Insom-
nia. Pains ln Back. Evil Desire?. Lame Back.
Nervous Debility. Headache. Vnfltnes* to Mar-
ry. Lobs of tjemen. tST jf\ Varicoee?* rr Ccn-
atipatlon. &top Ner ZJ \J vous TwltcMni; oT
Eyelids. KSects are — _ J yj- t -lrr.n-.». 1 .:at». Impar:
vigor and potency ***-" J '^ to every function.
Don't s»"t despondent, a cure la at hand. He*
store small, undeveloped organa. Stimulate
the brain and nerve centers: 50c a box: fi for
X- to by mail. A written guarantee to cure of
money refunded with 6 boxes. Circulars fr»#.
Address BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 Ellis 1 at..
San Francisco. Cal. GRANT DRUO CO.. M
and 40 Third »t-
2 visit DR. JORDAN'S great d
OF AHATOBY^
A C& l55iaA:S2?K.h*-5:ii"A.3.r.W. /
\ The Larznt AiutoBUcal Museum in the \
A a i in -¦*_ W O'I<1- »eakne»c« or » iy rrmractct A
» 5£i £r?J d'«»se Tmrm*r>j the olde.t T
9 j£t «rt 1 Speaiii.t on the Coast. E>c 36 years. O
ifl&ftV A DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEM Q
I jUkVy; fj Tteitment perjciuiliy rr by letter. A g
I V MH Pvtttv CW« in ;rery cssc undertaken. T
Pa 11 » Write for Book. PniLonUVaYaril
I 1" HAnniACK. HAILED FREE. ( Af
A fl /> »»lu»ble book for m-n) - y \
f DSJORDA^' A CO.. 1031 Marlcrt St..S. P. V
jgj^fatp.- ftjHRuptiire
P?^^tSS*r^S!!SKS Dr.Pierce' j Elect ric T> * ts
VyL^ia^J^efflKfe^i** M»r.tl. Nothing Hk»
Bf> i '3S5^MCP g *^ it BestK»tainerone.\rth
W^f(lP^K> and % fytnuim Cure (or Rupture.
\j / Slj \^* World re:iowned- 27 improvsmti.
V ffV | jf raptured investijato at onco.
' ***-tr ' c»'l or write for "BootLgr Xo. 1."*
MAGNETIC e. fUUSS CO- 33 W«st 2«th Street. Kk«
York. N. Y. or 2C6 Post Street. San Francisco, Cal.
jrflS&feA MEHAMDWOMEIt.
<5^rtlpVCKE»'*34 Cie Biar O for nnnntural
ta * *• * d »r*\j] diichar?es.inflaninmtion».
gytBSf O*«r»att«Ki vl Irrititioci or ulcer»iiona
BL*»3 •*• w •*rlc*«ir». of mueoa* membrane*.
B^"^l Ti~nmtm c«i«i». Painiecs, »nd not »«trln-
B7»l™ E^ lfJl!<s ''HHMXALC0. gsnt or j>oi«onoui.
VgA C1.1^HNiTI,a.R^S O«1<1 by DroBliu,
c.8.1. JBI* or M:it ln ' Iain wr »rp«^
JljR\ dtiW^ti bT axpr«»«. prspnid. for
VWBSISEKZSI •!.(». or 3 bottlM 13.75.
» u Circular net on rsqueit.
/A ORHmDd). Chairs. Stoves. »tc
I ft 11 M 1 Tents for rent and (or mi*.
I 1 1 GUI Ba9 Ouns. Rlflea. Flshlnj Tackl*
I iSvlHI * ni1 Sporting GooJs. Send
GUI ifl 9 W 1 1 (°r Catalogue. Shrav. Jk
v^ " " " " " " Barber Co.. 739 Marlut is.
and 621 Kearnjr at.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
: A i is her nature to love
«SSL^ beautiful and
pure. The critical ordeal through whichUhe expectant mother must
pass, however, is so fraught with dread, pain, suffering and danger,
that the very thought of it fills her with apprehension and horror.
There is no necessity, for the reproduction of life to be either painful
or dangerous. The use of Mother's Friend so prepares the system for
the coming event that it is safely passed without any danger. This
great .and wonderful '- % :^
of; women th™^
the trying crisis without suffering, w^^- —^. — . . m tf
Send for free book containing Information EffBB E&m&JoS ££.£& uSr^B mTwS
of priceless value to all expectant mothers. QM &3 Bm mlticr Bm S3 £M l&f
Tbe Bradfield R-3jjulator Co., Atlanta. Ga. » flf MW ffrw
UEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
EEAL WISDOM.
Th* Method Adopted by the Monka of
f Olden Times.
The wise old monks when any house
*as Buffering from the pest of vermin
used to go and say four "Paters" and an
"Ave" and charge accordingly — but they
w»w pxtrem^ly careful to spread a little
rat poison around on the sly just to keep
up their reputation.
You may use any quantity of so-called
"hair tonics," but if you want to be rid
of dandruff and falling hair a little New.
bro'g Herpioide will be advisable.
It coes to the seat of the trouble and
kills the Innumerable germs which are
eatlnr u? the life of the hu»r and causing- it
to drcn out. -
Zi>rMc!<Se <J^troy« the cau«e and remove*
th* rffect. Accept no Kubstltute.
Sold by )-:.-v.r.f «Jruegi«t«. Send 10c In
n*mp« for Kumale to The Herpiclde Co., De-
troit, "uri.
CASTOR I A
For Infants and Children.
The Kind You Hare Always Bought
Bignaturo of C^X/^^^^^
THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM. | v THE EMPORIUM.
Fabric Gloves 25c Accounts can be opened by responsible The Biggest Bargain
iM Berlta Me* Glovc-i-ctep, te P"^\JPP^ "ur Credit Bureau. /„ Writing Paper
black, sizes 6 to 8; pair . . . 25c /rf^ jtT^ V^ ' '• • Yet Offered
- J^^rV"» ¦«/'?C#_«T .s Am^rk _-£ w tr r ir^.^ 5000 Pounds Puritan Vcllvm — (Watsr marfced),in
Women's Superfine Milanese Svedc Lisle Gloves— the latest shape, bo:h Oxford and G:adstone
In black, white, tans and grays; 2-clajp; pair' ¦ M **>'^^ M MmjW %* m/mV9WM M \^ r kz&; eithrr blue or white; 102 and 84 shejts
* • . vA>>l f vnrl I A O LARGE 5T — 0m ,^mrtmVTWm%^^^^^^^^ 1 • » 11 t 1 1
SOg % ¦¦i^.jiigi!UUiJJP BiyKJt^^^^ to th: pound; go:d value at 35c; marked at thc
*'**'.*'• ' °* /t ' ¦¦¦<B^alUli» aim^AMEBlCA > 3 GRANDEST STORE very fp:cial price, ib fSc
Women's Silk Gloves— Extra quality, fast black, . Special Sale Goods ordered by mail' Envelopes to Match— Long cut, new shapes; 3
sizes $}4> 6,.6#; pair . . . . . $1.00 or telephone unll not be sent C. O. D . Packages . .... 2Qo
Wash Fabrics, worth 25c to SOg yard--11c
Our cotton goods buyer, who returned from the Eastern market yesterday, secured from an importing jobber nearly
25,000 yards imported Scotch Madras Wash Fabrics, at a fabulously low price. But the jobber was
scared. It has been very cold weather in the East; it was late in the wholesale season, and he had a heavy
stock, so he accepted our offer. The goods are those beautiful Leno and fancy weaves that a& *£3
were made to retail from 25c to 50c the yard; we offer choice of the entire collection to-day and I? ffl &fi£
Saturday at . •'...... ..!.... . . ** m ****
Stylish i Waists~59c, $3o? 78c Choice cf any 0^
Wash Bff*eS&eS. $f*98 Jlk Man's Spring or j!L? #
W&&h SkirtS, $1*OO To-day and Saturday - '^^^^^.- % •
95c Waists, 59c— Mercerized Chrvlot orTscti in tan, blue /iMlTW 1^ dTm VlUSmmaJ 0m£6 >^
and pink i^ipc, full peited fent, thr.ra S on'ibr S twa- S t _ (l f '•'"I A €Ji3®~MM$if*ii Uft
bargain at 5*&G ' W. ' >^\ ., -i i '• r 'fe^/ iL»'
$1.00 waist, 65c- white ground, w:th. blue, r ink or o.ack /' Your unreserved choice of any
4'^f^F man's spring or summer- suit nr
$1.00 white oxford waists- xrwestrtvir, now.. 7^ c Tl j^JiKi \\ I our Clothing Department, at J^^^^^SsPJiPlillF
$1.25 White Lawn Waists -Full French ;Wvei . .89o WxrWa A nnp- 4 hirH rvff thp <jrtn-^l rmrL-pH iii'i ¦'
Ii.so white oxford waists-Hand^mij finUhed.SSc l^^l^SJ ,!• • ¦ actual • marKea ' f
$1.35 to $1.75 white Lawn Waists -Now. $i.t9 selling price, consisting of Che-
$1.95 to $2.25 White Lawn Waists -Now . <j/»5fif v'oK Pa«;«;imprp<; inH finrv/ t^^^^^w^K^^N
$2.75 to .$.'1.50 Fine Lawn Waists -Now. . . $2.37 X, f f aS ? lm f^eS ana ? TanCV |g»r^^^^^§gV
Ladies' Wash Dresses -Extra special price, for tht b«t styles of Lawn, Gra» Linen, VVOrSteGS, in the SeaSOn S . DeSt
Chambray, Crarh, Duck and Butcher Linen Wash Drews: deSJ^nS 3nd nearly all SiZeS for •
S toja. 9 8Dres:« .$U99 :. $3.9* *>**»*, »*"....'. $2.98 the Two dav«; nnh/' ' :
J5.00 and J6.25 Dre;sa . . . - $3mQ8 LWU Udyb UHiy.
WashSkiPtS-Elack cr mvyblti! duck, back anl white poka dot piques, and linen $10.00 Suits for • • • $6.67 $15.00 Suits for '. . -$10.00
dress Jkhti; all prettily m*de up, rra rP rd, pp-d and flounced; very much underpriced at . . $12.50 Suits for • • • $8.34 ' $20.00 Suits for . . . $13 35
$1.00, $1.5O, $1.98, S2.BO, to S4..5O $25.00 Suits for .$16.67
Last Two Days Gibson Pillows 3 Pairs of 5Oc Butter Sale
and <;a»on "Pyrochromc" Piilows— A g«J | )|| Women's Lace Lisle rrjaay^ana oaiuraay
Qsnteras close imitation of pyrcgraphy or burnt 4wij ll'lj Thread Hose— Import- Choicest Creamery Butter — The regu-
To-dayTndsiT- leather work; the dc=p . brown tone fel#i|i ** Hermscorf Black. J « > : « 5°c squares, 4000 only, to.
urday, last chance g" lvin g * most a "> s "c «>d pleasing ef- Ls^liifiij in * lar S c vari «y ofthe da/ . , Saturda^ whlIc JgfJg*
IP get a good time- tccr; in ,uch poplar subjects . as |Wp|J • newc « d ™W thc quantity lasts, square .. *+BC
keeping, open face, "Pa'mistry,''"H:rcIt Is Christmas,'* MliipW hosc that sold at a11 J " $e Moore A A WhIske y— b3tt3e • • 81o
nickei-plated watch "A Good Game for Two," "The |^ |||pjy times heretofore and at Champion Whiskey— Old Reliable, ga'Ion . .
or a Brownie Cam- Widow and Her Friends, ""Melting," Ki| %ffl every hosiery counter $2.4O
era with every "etc. Pillow top and bottom complete, p' i J r in the country at 50c Siuterne or Rtuling— Extra dinner winr, for
6 , school wt that you "guarly $1.25 each; sale price Ki|«/ a pair; from ! the two day,, gallon 680
m fit fcu . v « without CXtra t0 " day ° nly ' * ' • ' ' * 5 7° K I! 1 D0W ° n * * •*•*** OI "S tr AI «~ B:it Domestic, dorrn . . 75c
& W charge. Velvet Head Rests— In figure designs pWA J pairs for $f. 00. McBrayer Sour Mash Bourbon -Full proof,
Vffi ft Th. o.,«.!.n ri«,,«, with cord and tassel, value 75c each; Fir \ Women's All -over regularly I4. 00 gallon, for ths two days
ft Suit-In pictu-e, is to-day on.y ; 43c J?\\A Lace LWe Hose — Im- only S3.OB
UJ ver/ropu'ar for little Mantel Drapes — In tinsel crepe with / y poned Hermsdorf Club Cocktailj— Assorted, regularly S1.15
fe!low » il A to 6 yean; fringe, in shades of red, green or blue, [ / Black, never sold reg- *>«!* • 98o
they come in aU wool sergri, in browns, red., regularly 40c each; to-day only /<>C ~ daily less than 75c a Tonic Port- Superior wine, bottle .. 40O
royal and mvv blue and fancy mixtures; have & ' t . » /. /. *»^i» # / ' J _
handsomely braided coDars, patent leather belts, _ _ _ _ _ . P*""; fr £m °O W on « the Dig Store Duff Gordon Sherry — Imported, re-ularly
knickerbocker trousers; *p:cul value at . . A LUCify UUOK ' • ,' SOO : X.oo bottle, for the two days . . . 7 BO
- - • • - • • S3.48 ThiS Week 1QC ' Gtneva UthU Water— Per down S3. 45, bot-
3-Piece Knee Pant, Suib-For by 8 to Thc instrumental success, "A 10 RCCrUtt f e ' - '"' " ' ' *°°
i6yean; t*eeds, fancy cheviots and ca«i- TtTr»i»»t. u „ <0m> m ¦"* '''¦ After Dinner Cordilll— Imported, Cremc de
meres in newe,tiry:«; a value that cannot' be Lucky Duck, ¦¦ by fhe, composer of Eg* Gff&SHFS Rcse, Creme de Curaeao, Creme de Pep-
t«t at. . . . $5.00 the Mosquito Parade; to-day and ww v^m* w ,»,„•«, in large fancy decanten, regula It
Boy>' Long Panti Suits -For i 5 to 19 Saturday only, per copy . . . 1Q O ' 2SC Ji.*5 «h . . . . . 90s
yean; new Fall patterns in stout casnimerei Bellak's Piano Instructors— Board covers, reg- StmW&%0 Blackberry Brandy — New is ths seison, bot-
and tweeds; enly '.' . $7.5O ular'y 75c; to-Jay and SztuHay . . . 49 C To-day and Saturday only. ....... . % ....... GScThe Board of Bank Commissioners re
ported yesterday that the twenty private
banks of California are all nourishing:.
Several of these Institutions have com
menced business recently. The statement
of their combined resources and liabilities
on June 30 is as follows:
. Resources — Bank premise*. $74,828 29; other
real estate. $151. SOU 80; miscellaneous stocks
and bonds, $263,378 61; loans on real estate.
$587,763 54; loans on stocks, bonds and war
rants, $48,439 25; loans on other securities,
$02,882 14; loans on personal ' security. Includ
ing overdrafts, $1,216,019 37; money on hand,
$210,113 85; due' from' banks - and bankers.
$328,30* 72; other assets, $119,683 15; total
resources. $3,068,822 28.
Liabilities — Capital paid in coin. $658,802 80;
reserve fund and profit - and - loss, $294.6.30 61:
due depositors. $1,094,332 60; due banks and
bankers. 186.473 03; other liabilities. $35,
627 34; total liabilities. $3,068,822 28.
Twenty Private Banks of California
Are Reported Flourishing by
the State Board.
BANKS ENJOY A SHABE
OF GENEBAL PROSPERITY
fair to judge any man by a game to which he is un
accustomed, and it is clear the Eastern dandies
We must take reports from Kansas as they come.
There is no use trying to go behind the returns in
that State. Perhaps, however, the college athletes
may find a way to redeem their fame by challenging
the harvest maidens toAa football match. It is not
ONLY a short time ago The Call had occasion
to note with approval the merry rush of
college men from the East to the wheat
fields of Kansas, with the intention of spending their
vacation in the merry task of harvesting the golden
grain. As the stories came to us from many sources
in the East and seemed like the beginnings of a
series of beautiful idylls, care was taken to point out
how glibly the rural papers of Kansas had taken to
combining harvest items and society gossip in one
sweet and charming mixture of business and
pleasure.
Later reports from the scene of theTiarvest festivi
ties are not so attractive as those earlier glowing:
ones. It appears that harvesting is not the jocund
task it was in the days when poets sang of it and
when it was carried on without the rush of ma
chinery. It has now become something of a hustle,
and it seems the college athletes, so far from being
able to perform it lightly and with graceful ease, are
being laid out prostrate all over the fields.
It would have been sad to learn that the. aspiring
youths had failed under any circumstances, but the
Kansas papers make bad things worse by saying that
the athletes of the East cannot even so much as
match the native girls. A Topeka report says:
"College students from Eastern States who are
working in the Kansas wheat fields have found that
they cannot keep up with the farmers' daughters
with whom they work. Several of the young men
have been compelled to stop work during the hottest
part of the day, but the girls and young women rest
only at night. Two Swedish girls in Edwards
County are said to have tired out four of the em
bryo athletes who came from New York. The girls
keep up with the binders in shocking wheat, and
the footsore young men are ; obliged to rest every
few minutes."
COLLEGE H ARVESTERS.
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by too
Press Clipping; Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cali
fornia street- Telephone- Main 10*1 •
THE. Territory of Hawaii is in the enjoyment of
a high degree of self-government. It comes
high, but the people must have it. The appro
priations for carrying on the government amount to
$28 per head of population. For the government of
150,000 people the cost is $8,423,859 49 for two years.
The income to meet this is only $4,600,000 for the
same period. To meet the budget borrowing against
future taxes is proposed, but that is simply getting
income and outgo still farther apart. A tax of $28
per capita is probably the highest . levied by any
Government in the world. When local and municipal
taxes are added, annexation appears as the greatest
luxury on earth if measured by its cost. Neither
under the monarchy nor the missionary oligarchy of
Dole did taxation come anywhere near the present
figure.
The government purchased at so high a price does
not seem to justify its cost by its quality, for it is
not a very good government. If affairs go on at the
present pace the islands are bound to go heavily in
debt. When a career of extravagance is once begun
it is difficult to arrest the pace. In Hawaii, as else
where, there are large numbers of voters who are not
materially touched by taxation, but who touch the
results of taxation beneficially to themselves. These
are appealed to by a lavish policy of expenditure,
and their votes can be counted on to continue in
power any legislators who have excessively liberal
views on public expenditure. By and by there will
be an insolvent dependency on our hands, and Uncle
Sam will have to put his hand in his pocket to pay
the bills of his youngest daughter.
Townsend's California glace- fruits and
candies. EOc a pound. In artistic fire
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market st, above Call bid*. •
HAWAIIAN FINANCES.
By the exercise of shrewd and patient diplomacy
the State Department has opened the door .of Man
churia to our trade. Washington should now polish
up the guns of our fighting ships as a necessary ele
meih in the splendid victory we have won and as a
wise precaution for the international rows which will
almost inevitably follow.
"WASHINGTON'. July 23.— Acting Adju
tant General Hall has been advised that
Major General Bates "Wade will relieve
Major General Georse "W. Davis of tha
command of the Division of the Philip
pines Saturday, on which day General
Davis will be placed on the retired list.
property at 521 Mission street; Margaret
McGlynn and James H. Tomkinson. his
two other children, to whom he> devises
the residue of his estate, subject to the
payment of the following: legacies: Roman
Catholic Orphan Asylum of South San
Francisco, $500; Hebrew Orphan Asylum.
$500; Protestant Orphan Asylum. $500, and
Patrick McAran, $500.
General Wade to Believe Davis.
We would urge the collectors to secure liberal
samples of all good products, and not be afraid
of quantity. The more you have of a good
thing, within reason, the better, and be sure
In your collections all products of the county
are Included. We want fruit, grain, grasses,
beans, peas, and seeds of alt kinds; all vari
eties of nuts, tame and wild; a full line of
vegetables; a full line of fibres, animal and
vegetable; samples of your wood (commercial
and ornamental); samples of your clays, lime
stone, coal, building stone, precious stones,
and other minerals; indeed everything you
produce of value.
When It Is known that the material Is col
lected and available, there Is no fear but that
ways and means will be found for getting it
to St. Louis and having It attractively In
stalled. Hence, we ask every county In Cali
fornia which expects to be represented at Bt.
Louis, and which has not already a county col
lector In the field, to take the mattor up and
provide for a collector at once.
Practical instructions to the counties of
California were sent out yesterday by the
California St. Louis Exposition Commis
sioners, over the signature of Secretary
B. B. Willis. The most important part of
the admonition is contained in a state
ment to the general effect that the coun
ties must hustle. They must employ col
lectors of samples to be" exhibited if they
wish to make a creditable showing. The
whole question of success or failure, so
say the .commissioners, depends upon the
employment of collectors. The counties
that have collectors are getting together
a lot of good material; those that have
no collectors are complaining of having
a hard time. A part of the circular of in
structions is as follows:
The California Bt. Loui» "World's Fair Com
missioners desire to Impress upon county
World's Fair commltteemen the urgent neces
sity of providing- for active and energetic
county collectors. There Is no expenditure that
can be made which will produce better re
sults finally than the employment of a first
class man. Impressing upon him the duty of
collecting liberal samples of all the material
products of his county. Of course the com
mltteemen of the different counties are well
advised an to the products of their respective
counties, and know the season when they can
be moHtf conveniently and economically secured,
and the work in hand at present is to see that
these things are got together when they can
best be had.
Our belief is that & rood man put in the
field right now, if you have not already such
I a one In the field, can do more toward In
suring a good display of the county's products
at St. Louis next year by four months' active
work than can be obtained by the same ex
penditure In any other way. You cannot rely
on voluntary effort. Such a collector should
be selected by the county JVorld's Fair com
mittee, and his work should be outlined by
them, and he sh<Ai!d be required to report to
them at least once a week, or oftener. if de
sired, so that they may know what he Is do
ing, and be prepared to replace him with a
better man If he does not do all that he ought
to do In the oremlses. .
The will of James Tomkinson, the liv
eryman, was also filed yesterday. His
estate is said to be worth $100,000. The
devisees in his will are: Alice Tomkin
son, a daughter, to whom he leaves the
The will of the late "W. B. Hooper was
also filed. He leaves his estate to the
Central Trust Company in trust for his
widow and three children. Half of tha
property is devised to the children and
half to the widow, Eleanor C. Hooper.
Albert Clayburgh, the recently deceased
hide merchant, provides in his will, filed
yesterday, that his property shall go to
his seven children, in the following pro 1 
portion: To Delia, $1200; to Stella, $1000; to
Lee H.. $1000; to Bella, Etta, Carrie and
Louis A., the residue, share and share
alike.
He explains the smallness of the three
first bequests by saying the devisees are
already provided for. He also provides
that his son, Louis H., shall carry on
his business under the direction of the
executors of the will.
The will of the late Gilbert Palache.
senior member of the firm of Newhall &
Co. and well known pioneer, who died
here recently, wag filed for probate yes
terday. He disposes of his estate, which
is estimated to be worth more than $250,
000, as follows:
To Louise K. Jordan, a sister, $1000; to
Kate A. Palache, a daughter, $1000; to T.
H. Palache, a son, $1000; to the California
Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Children, $500; the residence to Margery
Palache, widow of the deceased, and
Sadie and Ida Palache. his daughters.
Ida and Thomas Palache are named,
respectively, as executrix and executor of
the will.
The members of the Retail Shoo Clerks'
Association will hold their first annual
picnic and excursion at Farrfax Park
Sunday. August 2. Tha usual sports and
games will be indulged In and suitable
prizes will be awarded to the winners in
each event. A special baseball match has
been arranged between the members of
Local 410 and the members of Local 432.
The pleasure party will leave the- ferry
on the 8- o'clock boat. The f allowing- com
mittee has charge of the affair: Frank
Flaherty, chairman: Max E. LJcht, A.
Rule, F. Haley, E. A. Levy. A. L. Mohon.
R. Rosenberg-, O. E. Barron* and J. B.
Krueger.
"Will Hold First Annual Picnic.
THREE WILLS
ARE OFFERED
FOR PROBATE
URGE COUNTIES
TO HURRY WORK
ON EXHIBITS
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WOODLAND, July 23.— Henry
Bush and Miss Nora Brown
ing: were married to-day at the
residence of the bride's parents.
The young couple will spend
their honeymoon In San Francisco and in
the southern part of the State.
The bride comes of the oldest and most
widely connected families In Yolo. She Is
the fourth daughter of Mr. and Mrs. R.
W. Browning, cultured, beautiful and
ranks as one of the belles of the county.
Mr. Bush Is a prominent young- mer
chant. He Is the second son of Judge E.
R. Bush, at one time Judge of the Supe
rior' Court. He Is a popular member of
the local parlor of Native Sons.
WHEN first the announcement was made
that the President had decided to call an ex
tra session of Congress in November to
consider the reciprocity treaty with Cuba and finan
cial legislation The Call predicted that the financial
issue, though placed second by the President, would
constitute virtually the whole interest in the session.
That opinion has been confirmed by the tone of pub
lic discussion since the announcement was made.
Very little has been said about the treaty, but upon
the question of financial legislation there has been
a running comment not only from the press but from
statesmen of both parties and of all sections of the
country.
Secretary Shaw on his return to Washington from
a conference with the President at Oyster Bay de
clined to be interviewed as to what the President
had said during the conference further than to con
firm the statements of Senator Lodge concerning the
extra session. He went on to intimate, however, that
in his judgment the Fooler bill as presented at the
late Congress has no chance of success owing to
the widespread objection to permitting banks to is
sue currency based upon assets. The Secretary also
expressed a conviction that the other bills before
the late Congress would share the fate of the Fowler
bill, and that something new would have to be pro
posed if there were fo be any reasonable hope of
financial legislation during the extra session.
Since the Secretary's statement there has been a
growing conviction at Washington that the Senate
committee will report a new bill substantially on
lines reported in The Call a few days ago. It will be
remembered that by the plan as outlined it is proposed
to authorize the issuance of "additional currency"
by national banks up to 25 per cent of the amount
of their capital. On this the Government would
place a tax of. say, 5 per cent per annum. Because
of this tax banks would only call for the additional
currency in time of greatest stringency— that is, inter
est on loans would have to be higher than 5 per cent
to induce a bank to go to the expense of issuing ad
ditional currency. The instant interest rates dropped
below 5 per cent this currency would retire automati
cally.
The opinion prevails in New York that the Presi
dent is keenly interested in the currency problem and
is really much more concerned for financial legisla
tion than for the Cuban treaty. Neither Senator
Lodge nor Secretary Shaw has spoken for the
President, but each has directed attention to state
ments made by him in a speech at Quincy during
his recent tour. In the course of that speech he
said: "It is well nigh universally admitted that our
currency system is wanting in elasticity; that is, the
volume does not respond to the varying needs of the
country as a whole, nor to the varying needs of
different localities. * * * Our currency laws need
such modification as will insure the parity of every
dollar coined or issued by the Government, and such
expansion and contraction of our currency as will
promptly and automatically respond to the varying
demands of commerce. Permanent increases would be
dangerous, permanent contraction ruinous; but the
needed elasticity must be brought about by provisions
which will permit both contraction and extraction as
the varying needs of the several communities and
business interests may require."
Those statements are in harmony with the opinions
of the business world, and the fact that they have
been recalled by men who have, just had a confer
ence with the President is everywhere construed as
San indirect way of informing the public of the Pres
ident's attitude toward the issue. It may then be
taken for granted that the administration, while
standing impartial as to different, measures proposed
for providing for a flexible currency, will none the
less exert all its influence to procure the enactment
of torne sort of relief measure. The outlook, in fact,
is premising. The Cuban treaty will probably oc
cupy very little time for consideration, and there
wil! thus be ample time for taking up the financial
question and settling it to the satisfaction of the
country before the regular session begins.
THE CURRENCY PROGRAMME
eiic -^SS^ Call
FRIDAY JULY 24, *9Q3
JOHN D. SFRECKELS, g^Pggg^^^^
A£dres» All Communications to W. S. L^AKE. Manager.
TELEPHONE.
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator Will Connect
You With the Department You Wish.
PUBLICATION OFFICE... Market and Tblrd, S. F.
EDITORIAL ROOMS.... .217 to 221 Steven«on Bt.
Delivered by Carriers, 2O Cts. Per Week, 75 Cts.
Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cents.
Term* br Mail. Including Postage (Cash With Order):
DAILT CALL. (Including Sunday), one >«"" *!,'««
D4JLT CALL. (Including Sunday). 6 months 4.WI
DAIL.T CALL— By Single Month '£«
ft'KDAT CALL. On* Tear *•**"
WEEKLY CALL, One Year J_
f Dally. . . SS.SO Per Year Extra
FOREIGN POSTAGE \ Sunday.. 4.15 Per Year Extra,
t Weekly.. l.OO Per Year Extra
All Pottmaiten are anthorUed to receive
•nbtcrlptlons.
Sample copies -will be forwarded' when requested.
Mall eubBCTifc-rs In ordering change of address should be
particular to **•• both NEW AXD OLD ADDRESS In order
to Insure a prciajit and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE.
1118 nroadrm? '..Telephone Main 1083
BERKELEY OFFICE. *
2148 Center Street. Telephone Worth 77
C. GEORGE KROGXESS, Slanasrer Foreign Adver
tlminsr, Xarqnette Dnlldlns. Chicago.
(Long Distance Telephone ••Central 2C19.")
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
MORTOX E. CHAXE 14OO Q Street, IT. W.
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEX n. SailTII 30 Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTOX Herald Square
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A- Brentano. SI Union 6quare;
Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-avenue Hotel and Hoffman House.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery, coiner of Clay, open
until «:S0 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 0:30 o'clock. 633
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. 015 Larkin, open until
8:30 o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261
Market, corner Eixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1096 Va
lencia. cz*n until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 8
o'clock. KW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open
until » o'clock. 2200 Flllmore. open until 9 p. in.
The industrial statistics, however, are much more
interesting than those 'relating to marriage. Setting
aside children and dealing only with persons of mar
riageable age, there are upward of 1,000,000 more
women than men in Great Britain, and as a conse- i
quence a considerable number of women must of
necessity earn their own living. The statistics show
that for every twenty-nine unmarried women* who
do not support themselves by work outside the home
there are thirty-two who do. Even among married
women one out of every seven earns her living by
work outside the home.
The result of this pressure for work among women
has been a steadily enlarging field s of occupation
open to them. The summary says: "A comparison
between these returns of women's employments in
1901 and the statistics give*n in the census returm
of fifty years before shows a striking change. In
185 1 there was practically no general occupation
open for women of the middle class except teaching.
Three hundred, it is true, were druggists, and 100
were engaged in literature. Now practically the
whole range of employment outside the army, the
navy and the law is open to both sexes *klike. Seven
thousand women now work as chemists; there are
nearly 300 women undertakers, 4000 work as butchers,
and three as slaughter-women. Fifty-eight of them
are bill discounters, twelve are shepherds and one is
the feminine equivalent of a woodman."
It appears there is no work too heavy for some
women to perform. Thousands of them work at the
pit heads of the mines, many more as blacksmiths
and in other metal trades, quite a number as barge
women and a considerable number as cokeburners.
The great mass of them are of course employed in
some kind of domestic service, but the better edu
cated are rapidly making their way in all forms of
professional life and in the civil service of the Gov
ernment.
The darker side of the statistics shows that up
ward of 77,000 women are in the poorhouses and
that about 45,000 of them formerly earned their own
living in some definite employment. Of these un
fortunates one out of every three was once a do
mestic servant. The report adds: "Nearly 13,000 of
these workhouse inmates were once charwomen or
laundresses. Four of them were once artists, four
photographers, 162 worked as women teachers, and
no fewer than 624 were once sick nurses. No woman
author seems, yet to have^come to the workhouse.
There is not a single actress or woman writer among
the 2844 women in the prisons to-day. No women
teachers are in prison, although twelve male teachers
are, and no women doctors, although sixteen male
doctors are incarcerated."
Dark as are the figures showing the proportion of
failure and poverty among the women workers of
Britain, it is evident that their situation is much bet
ter than that of their predecessors. They have won
recognition in the industrial world and are getting
better wages than in former years. The pace of im
provement may be slow, but it is nevertheless steady,
and the British working woman has no reason to be'
dissatisfied with the record she has made during the
last fifty years.
A SUMMARY of facts regarding woman and
her work in Great Britain has been recently
issued by the compilers of the census of 1901
and shows a number of interesting evidences of the
progress made by women in establishing themselves
as independent factors in the industrial world. In
cidentally it also reveals by statistics that when men
marry under 20 years of age they generally marry
women older than themselves; between 20 and 25
they marry women of about their own age, but after
that they nearly always choose a woman much
younger than themselves. ,
THE BRITISH WOMAN.
One member of the "Big Four"* has been indicted
on a charge of dishonesty in connection with the
failure of the firm of'which he was the responsible
head. This probably is all the public will receive to
persuade it that American morality excludes a justifi
cation of fraud and thievery, conducted under the
mask of legitimate business methods.
In the July 15 I«m« of Printer*' In^
Geo. P. Rowell. publisher of the, American
Newspaper Directory, prints a Hat o* the
best 36 newspapers In the Unite* States.
This list includes the San Francisco Call.
RefeVence to it will show that in Mr.
Rowell's opinion advertisers desiring t*
cover tha entire Pacific Coast territory
with the smallest possible number or pa
pers can best accomplish their purpose
by the use of five dailies:
SAN FRANCISCO CAil*.
sax FRANCISCO EXAMINER.
POIITLAXD OREGON AX.
SEATTLE TIMES.
*OS AXOELB* TIMES.
California is left to The Call. Examine*
pnrt T*aa Angeles Times,
"be opinions of Mr. Rowell th. "Ltttla
Schoolmaster" of the Art of Adverti.ln|.
have been sought for years by the lead
lne advertisers of the country. It is.
therefore with special ratification The
Call acknowledges the compliment paid
to It by so eminent an authority on puo
liclty
Page 43 of Printers' Ink Is as. follows:
Three Dozen Dailies.
NEW TORK HERALD— (Morning
"NEwVoRk TIMES— <Mornl,»*rn»d
SU NEW ) YORK WORLD— (Mornin*.
E^EwS"nK 1I PO d ; rT'2l<Eve«in«).
BROOKLYN EAGLE (E^enin* w»«l
S "ROCHi3STER DEMOCRAT A^TD
CHRONICLE—^Mornins; and »««*•*>
Ul'KFALO NEWS — tlSvenina; and
'".NEWARK NEWS— (BTenln. and
Sll HHLADELPHU RECORD—(Mom
ln ?HILADELlllVA B nXETO-(ET«.
"hartfohd times— <ej« «*»*>•
PROVIDENCE JOURNAL—(Mom
ln §OSTON GLOBE— (Morning, E^en-
SPRINGFIELD BEPCDUCA5
(Mornlnc and Santoy). , . f
MANCHESTER UNION — (Morning
"BALTIMORE* NEWS— (Evening).
WASHINGTON STAR — (EvMilngV
ATLANTA JOURNAL — (Erenlng
"MEMPHIS^COMMEIiaiL APPEAL
-^^"^"V^NER^^renlng).
CINCINNATI TIMES-STAR—(E^en
lD CL*EVELAND PRESS— Opening ».
PITTSBURG PRESS— (Evening and
SU DETOOIT NEWS (Erenlng).
DETROIT TRIBUNE— (Morning ex
•'cHI^AgS^NEWS— fE^ent-*^
CHICAGO RECORD-HERALD — •
(Morntnsr and Snnday).
CHICAGO TRIBUNE — (Morning and
Sa ST. a pAUL DISPATCH— (Ereninf).
MINNEAPOLIS TRIBUNE—(Morn
'"PORTLAND M O d REG o1fl5N_aiorn- n
ln^ E \ n TTLLf d TI T MES-(E^.nlng and
Sn SA* 7) FRAXCISCO EXAMINER
(MornlDR and Sunday).
SAN FRANCISCO CALL— (Morning
""lOS^mTeLES TIMES— (Morning
and Sunday).
KANSAS CITY STAR— (Evening
and Snndar morning).
INDIANAPOLIS .\EWS— (Erenlnjy.
Geo. P. Rowell & Co.. advertising
agents, recommend advertisers to use the
dally papers axd believe the list named
above is as good a selection, so far as it
goes, as can be made.
IN the course of. its work of advertising the re
sources, industries, attractions and possibilities
of the State the California Promotion Committee
has' compiled, and published a new and timely
description of the 'State, under the title "Cali
fornia To-day." The volume comes as near
fulfilling the object aimed at as is possible
in a volume sufficiently compact to be eas
ily handled and read. , It will therefore serve as
a useful text-book in the important campaign of
education that has been undertaken to enlighten the
Eastern people with respect to California conditions.
Within the space of 192 pages the work reviews
every feature of California life from the achievements
of industry to the accomplishments of art and educa
tion. The volume is therefore fairly comprehensive,^
though of course the space <loes not admit of full
accounts and details of any particular section or
phase of life. The task of the writers has been sim
plified somewhat by the aid of artists, who have
contributed a series of photographs showing repre
sentative scenes in every section of the State. These
pictures not only ornament the work, but add to its
value as a medium of education, since they reveal
at a glance something of the beauty and the richness
of our landscapes that could not well be presented by
literary description.
The introduction to the volume justly says: "No
book of this size could do more than to satisfy in
terest in briefest detail; to point the way to knowl
edge that may be had for the asking; to refer to and
quote men whose authority in special lines is rec
ognized the world over; to give figures of Govern
ment and State officials; to tell of things from the
standpoint of the writers' experience; and last, but
above all, to present by finest reproductions of pho
tographs scenes of natural beauty, of industries, of
houses, of lands, factories, horses, cattle, dooryards,
dairies, racecourses, irrigation ditches, poultry yards,
business blocks, buildings in the chief cities, parks,
steamships, railroads, the thousand things that mean
much to one whose face is turned to the Farthest
West— all this is here attempted and accomplished in
reasonable measure."
That the work will at first impress the uninformed
Easterner as something of a glittering exaggeration
may be taken for granted. The most carefully mod
crated statement of California conditions must al
ways appear to those who are accustomed to the
lands and the climates of the East as a poetic descrip
tion of a fabled Arcadia. Still the general statements
of the work are so carefully backed up by definite
and specific facts and statistics as to reassure the
mind of any reader who gives the subject proper
thought and attention. These bear witness that if
the generalities of California life are glittering it is
because they have a right to glitter. There is no need
to attach glowing adjectives to them to adorn them.
The simplest statement of the facts, the plainest ar
ray of statistics, presents to the mind an idea of
wealth and of promise that no other land can
match.
Tlfe reader of the book is first called upon to note
that California is larger than all England and Scot
land combined; that all of New England, New York
and Pennsylvania may be "laid out in California's
giant area"; that the people who have settled
within its borders and laid the foundations of 'its
civilization are among the most progressive of Amer
icans and have achieved much not only in the way
of producing material wealth, hut in art, science and
letters.
Ample stress, too, is laid upon the important fact
that "Northern" and "Southern" California aro
geographical terms merely and do not mark any
sharp distinction of soil or climate or product; that
the olive, the orange, the fig and the prune are grown
in the northern counties as well as in the south; that
the winters of Northern are as mild as>
those of the southern section, while the southern
summers are as pleasant as those of the north.
The industrial features of the State naturally form
the chief theme of the volume, for it is designed to
bring workers and investors to the State, but other
attractions are not overlooked. In fact, as has been
stated, the work is a valuable addition to our de
scriptive literature and merits a wide circulation.
It is to be hoped the people generally will assist the
Promotion Committee in circulating it wherever it
may do pood.
FAIR BELLE OF YOLO
A SUMMERTIME BRIDE
Miss Nora Browning, Daughter of One of the
Prominent Families in the County, Weds Henry
Bush at Pretty Home of Her Parents in Woodland
knew so little about wheat fields that they did not
understand what they were going to tackle. Mean
time the Kansas girl is in her glory. It is her turn
to sound the loud cymbal and sing of victory and
joy. .
CALL IS ONE OF
THE BEST OF
NEWSPAPERS
CALIFORNIA TO-DAY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALIj, FBIPAY, JTJLY 24, 1903.
Principals in a wedding which was held yesterday at
the woodland home op the parents of the bride, a
popular society lady of yolo county.
The doings of local society celebrities . at
Lake Tahoe. Read thla week's Wa^p. * ,
I
The enterprising but unfortunately obscure town of
Sour Lake, Tex., aching its slow way to a plane of civic
morality, has decreed that all gamblers within the
city gates must leave. Somebody must have betrayed
us and informed the Sour Lake crowd that on the
map San Francisco is a glittering Mecca for anybody
thrown out beyond the pale of decency anywhere else.
George H. Nelson, a roof tinner and con.
tractor, died In Taylor's Hospital yester
day morning from injuries caused by a
fall last Monday from the roof of a build
ing on ' the corner of Post .' and ; Franklin
streets. Nelson resided at 16X9 Thirteenth
street, Oakland. . t ¦ ;
Nelson's Injuries Fatal.
The opening of the Republican | State Convention of
Kentucky recently was characterised as spectacular.
This must have been from the Kentuckian. point of
view and in contrast to Democratic affairs of similar
import as there was not even a single murder to en
liven the proceedings nor the suggestion of a riot to
illumine the occasion. Kentucky . has fallen upon
Municipal authorities are again discussing plans
for an adequate sewer system for San Francisco and
have announced what it will cost to give the city this
all-important adjunct to good health. The' subject
has been considered so often and failure has followed
so persistently that something more definite than dis
cussion will be necessary to prove to the people that
they are to enjoy the privileges of civilized sanitation.
6
IN THE HOUSE 0F %
THE LOVING HEART
Here Is Something So Truly Out of the Ordinary That It Will
Make You Gasp. The Pictures Alone Are Stunners.
Just Watch for Them in the
NEXT SUNDAY CALL
The Superfine Printing of the Best Modern Photographs Obtain*
able Is Not the Only Thing That Makes the Sunday Call
So Tremendously Popular. Just Read
These Features:
"THE GIRL WHO LOVES"
By "Colonel" Kate.
"WHY YOUR PHOTOS ARE BAD"
by Charles M. Taylor Jr.
"Why China Is Now Sitting Up and Taking Notice"
By a Titled Oriental Potentate, Who Is Now Paying Nearly $3000
Every Day Just for His Hotel ZUlx Alone and Making
Things Hum Generally From New York
to San Francisco.
"Ode to the Summer Girl" "The Bear In the China Shop"
By Edwin Markham. By Edgar Saltus.
And the Best Novel of the Hour, Which Shows the Cause of Ec-
centric Extravagance in the Bich, the Impudence of
Titled Foreigners and Why Americans Are
the Greatest Money-Makers
of Any Age.
FREE-THE SPENDERS-FREE
Then, if You Want a Good Laugh to Every Square Inch of Every
Page, Turn to the Great
COLORED COMIC SUPPLEMENT. ~*ATTEMPTS SUICIDE— Katie Ahem, a mar
ried woman ; who lives at 36B Welch street,
swallowed a dose of lyson because her husband
abused ¦ her. She was treated successfully at
the Emergency Hospital. The woman's mother,
between sobs and threats to annihilate the of
fending > husband, created quit* a «c«i« at the
husultaJ.
The Peter Martins as viewed by the Eastern
press. In the Wasp. •
J. Tuchamato, a Japanese agent, was
arrested on Wednesday for malicious mis
chief for breaking furniture at a lodging
house on Jessie street, and yesterday
morning he wont to the house, seized a
meat ¦ cleaver and chased the occupants
out. He made \ a slash at the head of
Kamal Tsugi, a woman, and she went
to : the ;' Hall of Justice . and : swore out a
warrant for his arrest on a charge ,of as
sault with a deadly weapon. He was ar
rt &ted later.
Japanese Buns Amuck.
Registration -for the primary election
closed Wednesday night with & total en
rollment for the year beginning January 1,
1903, of 73,804. This is tha largest registra
tion in the history of San Francisco.
There were 3010 new registrations and 3169
changes of residences. Registration Is now
open for the municipal election, to be held
November 3, 1903, and will close Septem
ber 23. Registrar Walsh is of the opinion
that oh that date the registration will not
be far from 80,000.
Registration Is Heavy.
H. Mida, a Japanese, is in "the 'tanks"
at the City Prison pending an investiga
tion. He was found on the Padflo Mail
dock on Wednesday night in a nude con
dition. .Yesterday, when questioned by
the Japanese interpreter, he said he in
tended swimming out to the steamer
Nippon Maru, as he wanted to return to
Japan. It is thought that ho is not in
his right mind and may have to be sent
before the Insanity Commissioners for ex
amination.
Investigating" a Japanese.
The" Democrats of the Forty-fifth As
sembly District met last evening at 1505
Stockton street. A permanent organiza
tion was effected and the following of
ficers were elected:
William O. Antonovich, president; F. Wll
eon, first vice president; Fred Bowden, second
vice president; J. H. Tracey, third vice presi
dent; A. Glassman, secretary; O. Baclgalupl,
treasurer; Mr. Forno, sergeant at arms.
The club is out for Franklin K. Lane for
Mayor.
A Democratic League meeting of the
Forty-fifth Assembly District was held at
Vvashlngton Square Hall, corner Stockton
and Union streets, last evening and the
following officers were elected: John Fay,
president; William Coughlln, vice presi
dent; Macy Thomas, secretary.
Democratic Meetings.
TO THE PUBLIC!! BEWARE OF COUN
TERFEITS!! All genuine tickets of this com
pany have Initials "R. O. Co." on faces and
monogram "R. G. C." on backs thereof.
Following ar« the capital prizes aa decided
by the Benefleencla Publlca Company Thurs
day July 23. 1003: No. 46003 wins $7500. sold
In Ban Rafael Cal. No. 49353 wins $2500, sold
in Ienaclo. Cal. No. 64388 wins $1250. sold in
San Francisco. Cal. Nos. 3154 1186ft. 22514.
2M01 and 79002 each win $125. sold In San
Francisco and Portland. Or.
This company paid to J. A. Egery, 235 York
street Vallejo. Cal.. $3750 for one-half ticket.
No 73629- to Mark Meyer, 404 Market street,
San Francisco. $1250 for one-half ticket, No.
47184 and to M. P. Kearny. Oakdale, Cal.,
$625 'for one-half ticket No. 72378 for draw
ing June 25. 1903
All prizes of this company are paid In full
Immediately on presentation at the office of
the company In Ban Francisco. $10,000 reward
will be paid to any person who has ever pre
sented, one of our prises at our office and was
refused payment. . •
THE BENEFICENCIA COMPANY
Of San Francisco. Organized
May,-100O.
ALL GENUINE tickets of the LITTLE
BENEFICENCIA PUBLIC* CO of San Fran
cisco nnd the LITTLE LOUISIANA CO. of
San Francisco have the Initials "8. P. A Co."
on every ticket. •
BEFORE purchasing tickets' see that our
mark "S. P. & Co." is on the face and back
of same.
8FEGZA& NOTICE.
The above company paid $3750 to Joseph
Loekwood. proprietor Irvintfton Hotel. Irving
ton Cal. on 25-cent ticket No. 69345. June 13th
drawing; William West. Modesto. $1250 on 25
cent ticket. June 25th; Walter P. Oakes. 930
Market str*et. San Francisco. $1000 for client
on 10-cent ticket No. 77323. July 11th drawing.
Sold In Ban Francisco. Cal.
Not. 25101. 22114. 11S69. 790O2 and 3154
each draw $250
Sold in San Francisco, Cal.
No. 61386 draws third eapital prize.... $1250
Sold In San Francisco. Cal.
Sold in San Francisco. Cal.
No. 49353 draws second capital prize.... $2500
Following are the capital prize numbers in
the July 23. 1903. drawing aa decided by the
Beneficencta Publlca Company tjf Mexico:
No. 46003 draws first capital prize $7500
THE LITTLE BENEFICENCIA PUBLICA
CO. OF S. F.
LUCKY NUMBERS.
The Regular Democratic Club of the
Thirtieth Assembly District met last
night at Teutonia Hall. The following
were named as the club's candidates for
delegates:
John F. Renault, Thomae W. Hlckey, Major
E. P. Enrlght. John J. Tomalty, Dr. Alfred
Elchler, Eugene Fitzgerald, Denis J. Oliver,
Timothy Sullivan, Hugh McLaughlln, John P.
Shine, Edward Hannan. Ted Sullivan, Isaac
Oppenheimer, Nicholas J. Morrtsey, H. H.
Plant, Michael Dillon, Louis Ficken, Robert
Boyd. Edward Twomey, James c. Gibson,
James H. Kennedy, Florence Driscoll, Edward
McKewen, Edward Kelly, Patrick Madden and
George Sand.
Delegates Nominated.
The capacity of the hall at 870 Folsom
street was all that limited the attendance
at the meeting of the United Republican
Club of the Twenty-ninth Assembly Dis
trict last night. Stirring speeches were
made by Marc Anthony, William Koehler,
Supervisor Alpers, Leon Samuels, Ed
ward Curran, J. Golden, Jeremiah T. Col
lins and others. J. F. McQueeney, the
president of the club, presided and D. J.
Crane acted as secretary. As an execu
tive committee there was appointed J. B.
McNamara, M. Harris, Ed Curran, Ed
Courtney, W. Rhys, B. S. Havens, George
Weisgerber, J. Devoto, R. Cox, H. Ja
cobs, "W. Brandon, J. Nelson, W. Dasha,
H. Jones, J. McAleer. E. Smith, J.
Hughes and W. Cannon. The Twenty
ninth is probably the best organized dis
trict in this city, as all the factions have
got together and are represented in the
United Republican Club.
Rousing Sleeting Held.
The following capital prizes wer» paid by the
above company for the June 25. 1903. draw
ing: Hugh Greenwood. 1903 Central avenue.
Ban Francisco. Cal., $3750; Mrs. O'Connor.
212 Twelfth street. Ban Francisco, Cal.. $3750;
Robert H. Johnston (with Omey & Ooettlng,
Stalls 33-34 California Market, San Francisco,
Cal.) $1250; William J. X Robinson (sign
painter with R. J. Gets. 22S Battery street),
residing at 9A Sixth street. San Francisco,
Cal. $1250: Isaac James. S23 Filbert street.
Oakland Cal.. $625; Paul Elmny, 959 Seventh
street. Oakland. Cal.. $625. •
The following art* tha capital prises as de
cided by The Benefleencla Public* Company
of the City of Mexico, drawing July 23. 1903:
No. 46003 wins $7500, sold In Oakland. Cal.
No. 40353 wins 12500. sold In Ban Francisco,
Cal. No. 64386 wins $1250. sold In Ban Fran
cisco, Cal. Nos. 3154. 11869. 22514. 25101 and
79002 each win $125 sold In San Francisco,
Cal
Each coupon will bear the initials in large
colored letters "M. & F." on the face of toe
ticket.
Owing to the fact that numerous schemes
are placed before tha publlo from ttm« to
tlma wa would respectfully call the attention
of purchasers of tickets to bur only rrora r«
sponsibla agents and to se« that their tickets
read aa follows:
"The Original Ltttl* Benefleencla Public*
Company of San Francisco. Organ
ized September, 1893."
THE ORIGINAL LITTLE BENE
FICENCIA PUBLICA COMPANY
OF SAN FRANCISCO.
ORGANIZED SEPTEMBER^ 1893.
SPECIAL NOTICE TO THE PUBLIC.
The report ! of the appraisers appointed
to place a value upon the estate of the
late Egbert Judson of the Judson Man
ufacturing Company was filed yesterday.
It shows that the deceased left property,
consisting of realty In several counties
and personal property worth $1,009,379 58.
According to the report Judson's prin
cipal holdings were property In this city In
the Western Addition and Mission worth
$367,564; Monterey County lands worth
$46,125; Alameda County property worth
$58,250; Fresno County realty worth $9500;
stocks and bonds worth $175,420 03; notes
and accounts for $98,960 and partnership
and joint assets worth $222,500.
Late Manufacturer's Estate
at $1,009,379 58.
Appraisers Fix the Value of the
JUDSON OWNED REALTY
V IN SEVERAL COUNTIES
Late yesterday afternoon a notice of an
appeal from the decision was filed by
Attorney H. C. McPike, who represents
the Bwell-Aubertlne faction.
Ordered peremptory writ issue.
The case of McDonald vs. Hlnton does not
militate against the position taken here. In
that case the Supreme Court used this lan
guage: "If tha issue presented here, whether
or not the convention which the petitioners
represent was the convention which In fact rep
resented the Democratic party, then this court
would have to consider whether or 'not it would,
upon mandamus, hear evidence, and, after a
trial thereof, Itself determine the essential fact
In dispute. But this proceeding was submitted
upon the admission that the convention repre
sented by petitioners only claimed to be, but
was not, a convention representing said local
party, and upon the theory that the registrar
was bound to file their certificate merely be
cause It was in due and regular form. There
fore, the question whether this court ehbuld,
upon mandamus. Inquire into the fact and de
termine whether said convention did or did not
represent said political party Is not before us."
In the case at bar petitioners not only
claimed, but established, if my view of tha
law Is correct, that they represented th« Union
Labor party, and under such circumstances,
following the doctrine of McDonald vs. Hlnton,
mandamus will lie.
Such being the caee, mandamus will 11«. I
do not believe that the Board of Election Com
missioners has discretion, these thing* being
shown, to deny the application of the petition
ers.
MANDAMUS WILL LIE.
If the contention of tha petitioners in this
case is true, the application presented by them
to the Board of Election Commissioners waa
presented on behalf of the Union Labor party.
It requested a designation upon the primary
ballot and set out an apportionment of dele
gates to the convention Intended to be held. So
far as the name Is concerned this proceeding
is unnecessary, for a place and designation for
the party have been ordered assigned on the
ticket by respondents. But the apportionment,
when made as required by law, becomes th«
basis of the convention which 1' to follow the
primary, and only those delegates selected In
accordance with such apportionment become the
duly authorized delegates of the party.
It will be seen, therefore, that the acceptance
of the petition and the placing of the designa
tion of the party upon the ballot in accordance
therewith are essential to tha existence of a
legal convention. In this case it was undented
that the Union Labor party came Into existence
In 1001 by a nominating petition; that the
Union Labor party participated In the primary
of 1002, and elected delegates to tha local con
vention, at which convention candidates for
office were regularly nominated and a govern
ing committee duly and regularly chosen,
which committee'has continued in existence un
til this time, and of which the petitioners are,
respectively, the chairman and secretary. The
committee coming from such convention Is the
committee authorized by law to govern th«
party and It must be considered the represen
tative of the organization.
REQUEST DESIGNATION.
It Is claimed by respondents that they hav*
already done those things which by law they
are required, and by the petition for this writ
oi mandate they are requested, to do. namely,
that they have given a place to the name
"Union Labor party" upon the primary ballot,
and that they have received a petition, pur
porting to be presented on behalf of the party
by its duly constituted authorities, apportioning
the delegates to the coming- local convention.
The law does not require-* the board to ap
portion delegates unless the petition presented
to it falls to make art apportionment; and It la
contended that the Commissioners have no
action to take In respect to the apportionment
of delegates. But under the provisions of the
statute no convention is a legal convention un
less it be organized in conformity with the
law; and to be a lecal convention it is pre
scribed, among other things, that it shall pro
ceed from a primary election of the party, at
which its name appeared upon the ballot conse
quent upon a petition presented by the party
and apportioning delegates. It becomes Impor
tant and necessary, then to determine which
of several petitions contains the apportionment
made by the party; for It is only a convention,
as I have said before, held in accordance with
such petition, having delegates apportioned In
the manner set forth and by the party itself,
which is a legal convention and from which
legal nominations may be made.
GAVE PLACE TO PARTY.
He holds that mandamus lies In such a
case, and that the Commissioners went
beyond their power, In view of the facts
shown, in granting the petition of Ewell
and Aubertine. The court's opinion Is as
follows:
August Harders and Samuel Berger,
respectively chairman and secretary of
the governing committee of the Union
Labor party, have established In the
courts their right to. a place on the ticket
•at the coming primary, notwithstanding
that the Board of Election Commissioners
decided that the Ewell-Aubertine faction
had first call on the place. Judge Mur
asky decided yesterday that their com
mittee was the bona fide governing body
of the Union Labor party, selected In
1901, and continued^ In power up to the
present. In accordance with the decision
the court ordered that a writ of mandate
Issue, directing the Commissioners to
grant the petition of Harders and Berger
for the placing upon the primary ballot
of the names of the delegates to be elected
to the Union Labor party convention for
the nomination of candidates for muni
cipal offices. ;
Murasky's opinion Is a short one and
deals principally with the question of
whether mandamus would lie in the case
at bar and whether the board has the
right to use its discretion in dealing with
petitions.
Says Ewell-Aubertine Faction
Does Not Represent
Labor Party.
Hearing of the charges against Police
man W. T. Hooper, charged with making
false reports while detailed with the So
ciety for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Animals, was continued until August 11
to allow the subpenalng of further wit
nesses.
The leave of absence granted to Chief
of Polica Wittman was extended until
August 2.
Gallant "Jack" Stelzner, the policeman
who dragged little George Clark from be
neath the wheels of a Geary-street car at
the Imminent risk of his own life on July
16, was the center of Interest at the meet
ing of the Police Commission yesterday
afternoon. He was present to receive as
a testimonial for his bravery a handsome
gold watch presented by Colonel A. An
drews. The colonel made the presentation
and at the - conclusion of his remarks
the token was banded to the abashed
policeman amid the prolonged applause of
the few present at the meeting.
Commissioner Howell thanked Colonel
Ahdrewi on behalf of the commission and
expressed that body's gratification at the
interest taken in the department by pri
vate citizens. .Commissioner Hutton, as
acting chairman, congratulated the patrol
man on his heroic conduct and hoped that
his future record would be In keeping:
with the brilliant deed.
Previously a letter had been read from
Dr. C. H. Carlson, who was a passenger
on the car when the accident occurred, in
which was given a graphic description of
the occurrence and a high tribute was
paid to the hazard which the policeman
ran. Horace G. Platt, president of the
Geary-street Railroad, also wrote, ex
pressing the appreciation of the company
for the rescue.
Policeman Charles "W. Goodwin ten
dered his resignation to the commission.
It was accepted.
Policeman \V. F. Kruger was convicted
of abusing Joseph Desmond while con
veying him from Sixth and Market streets
to the City Hall In a patrol wagon after
he had arrested him and was flne,d $100.
Commissioner Howell voted against the
conviction.
Murasky Declares It Has
a Right to Place
on Ticket.
Commission Praises Gallant
Rescuer of Little
Clark Child.
In the Democratic party the apportion
ment designated by the regular county
committee, of which Jasper McDonald is
chairman and Gavin McNab "the power
behind the throne," seems to afford gen
eral satisfaction. All signs point to a hot
mix-up at the primary election, for future
control of the Democratic works. The
Regulars and the Horse and Carters are so
busy In the enrollment of voters that
they have no time to Interfere In the con
cerns of the Republican party. Prospects
of Republican success at the ensuing
municipal election are daily growing
brighter. Clubs are manifesting activity
In the work of enrollment. The duty of
nominating men to serve as delegates to
the convention is at hand. A convention
composed of representative, tax-paying
citizens and chosen at the primary elec
tion under the auspices of the Republican
party ought to be able to put forward
the winning ticket.
A meeting of Democrats under the aus
pices of the County Committee of the
party will be held in the Thirty-fourth
Assembly District at the corner of Twen
ty-fourth and Church streets this even
ing. The regularity of the proceedings Is
attested by the fact that J. J. Sullivan
calls the meeting.
Martin Kelly raised the point that the
Republican convention of 1902 refused to
create a new county committee or to pro
long the life of the existing one. The con
clusion was drawn . that no governing
body existed. The Election Commission
ers were asked to fix a flat representation
of twenty-five delegates for each district.
The request was denied. The court sus
tains the commission In Its' denial. Kelly
and his followers, however, can make
their fight for recognition at the primary
election on August 1L .
The decision of the courts, however, will
not settle the question of supremacy In
the Union Labor party. The battle for
the control of the convention will be
fought at the primary election. In order
that each faction may vote for an equal
number of delegates in the respective As
sembly districts the question of appor
tionment should be adjusted at once. It
Is not Improbable that Eugene E. Schmitz
and Michael Casey may be Induced to ad-
Just the differences by arbitration.
The 'Superior Court, as expected,
promptly recognized the Republican Coun
ty Committee of which Thomas D. Rlor
dan is chairman and Clifford McClellan
secretary as the governing body of the
Republican party of San Franoisco. The
apportionment made by this committee
was fair and equitable, the representation
being based, as the law requires, 'on the
party vote cast at the "last preceding
election."
Of course, It happens now that the dis
tricts which voted • largely in favor of
Franklin K. Lane for Governor In 1902
will not have very large representation in
the Republican municipal convention of
1003.
losers in the -Superior Court
yesterday. Michael Casey's followers
In the Labor camp tested the de
lights of "government by Injunction"
by protesting to the courts against the
action of the Board of Election Commis
sioners in recognizing the Aubertine-
Ewell-Schmltz county committee as the
governing body of the Union Labor party.
The controversy will go to the Supreme
Cour^ on appeal and a decision may be
reached before the primary election. De
lay in "handing down" a ruling will op
erate in favor of the Schmitz forces, as
the apportionment, designated by the
Aubertlne-Ewell county committee was
officially recognized by the Election Com
missioners in face of advice from the act-
Ing City 'Attorney against 6uch recogni
tion.
MAYOR SCHMITZ'S faction of
the Union Labor party and
Martin Kelly'B contingent of
the Republican j forces were
HARDERS-BERCER
FACTION ON TOP
Colonel Andrews Gives
Watch to Police
man Stelzner.
Ruling by Superior
Judge in Politi-
Cell v^cLSCS.
BRAVE OFFICER
IS REWARDED
SCHMITZ'S FACTION IS LOSER
AND KELLY IS SIDETRACKED
CHILD'S CUSTODY
CAUSES DISPUTE
PIONEERS TELL
OF TIDE LANDS
Bolinas Property Law
Suit Revives Olden
Stories.
Former Wife of J. V.
i Miller Says He Is
a Kidnaper.
PLACE DENIED
MARTIN KELLY
Court Decides Against
Him in Coghlan
i Suit.
Accuses Him Stealing Their
Daughter Margaret,
Aged Six.
Representation on Primary
Ballot Refused His
Organization.
A telegram from Helper. Utah, Inter
rupted guardianship proceedings before
Judge Murasky, sitting for Judge Troutt
yesterday, and caused a postponement of
a week of the hearing of the Detltion of
J. V. Miller to be appointed guardian of
the person and estate of his six-year-old
daughter, Margaret.
The telegram was from Lauja F. Mil
ler^ mother of the little girl and Miller's
divorced wife. It was addressed to the
clerk of the court and requested a post
ponement cf the hearing until such time
as she could appear and contest Miller's
petition. Shu accused him of kidnaping
the Utt'e on«.
It seems that the Millers formerly re
sided in this city. Little more than two
years ago Mrs. Miller went to Utah and
obtained a divorce. She was awarded
the custody of their one child. Several
months after obtaining the decree she
married again and a few weeks ano'came
to this citv on a visit, bringing the
child with her. She secured rooms
with a family at North Beach. The
father learned of her presence here and
determined to secure custody of the child
and commenced guardianship proceed
ings. The people with whom the former
Mrs. Miller was staying were served with
the papers and when she came to take
the child home to Utah they refused to
give her up. fearing the law. The mother
went home to Utah without the child and
Miller reckoned on getting the custody
without further trouble. That he will
have trouble is evidenced by yesterday's
telegTam and the announcement that his
former wife Is prepared to return to this
city and give him a contest for the little
girl.
Decision in the San Rafael
Case Will Affect Many
C TT-.ers.
Special Dtsv*X£h to The Call
SAN RAFAEL. July 23.— The Bollnas
land case occupied the attention of Judge
Lennon in the Superior Court of Marin
egaln to-day. It was the third day's
session of court In this case and from
present indications the trial will con
sume several weeks. The testimony is re
plete with stories cf pioneer times at
Bollnas. .
The settlement of the case is anxiously
awaited and the decision will affect many
of the residents of the northern part of
the county and especially some citizens
of Bolinas. It is an action brought to de
termine the boundary line of about ISO
acres of land as wt!l as the title to the
property on the bay shore. If the defend
ants casnot retain control of the property
nearly COO acres of tide land will be in
volved and a host of families will be
ousted from, their homes.
The euit, which is entitled Adams vs.
P. Mulvasey et al.. Is the outgrowth of a
contention as to whether the original
pater.ts on these tide lands, as given by
the Government, are not legally worth
less. The land is situated Just west of the
town of Bollnas and Includes a peninsula
known as the "Aranal." The original
patents were taken out In 18S0, but not
until very recent years was the property
thought to be of any value. Since
IJollr.as has become a popular summer re
sort people settled upon this sand beach
and subsequently discovered that there
was a flaw In the title. They retained
possession of the land and now action has
been brought in order to try to eject
them.
Borne of the oldest residents in the
county are the chief witnesses in the
case. M. Briones. who has lived in Bo
linas clnce 1S3S. occupied the witness chair
the greater portion of the day. He testi
fied as to the condition of the land in
early days, as well as changes in the
lopogTaphy in recent years.
State Prison Director J. H. Wilkins w«
also an Important witness. He made a
purvey of the property many years ago.
Albertus Atkins Becomes a Benedict.
Yesterday afternoon, at the residence of
the bride's parents, Mr. and Mrs. A. D.
Hall. 306 Noe street, Mr. Albertus Atkins
of the Examiner was married to Mrs.
Anna D. Sangster.
The wedding was a quiet one, only the
immediate relatives of the contracting
parties being present.
Mr. Atkins has been for eighteen years
a valued employe of the Examiner in Its
advertising department, and a great
measure of the popularity of its classified
ad pages has been brought about by his
genial personality and persistent effort.
The manager of the Examiner and the
business office staff sent a very elaborate
wedding gift as a testimonial of the high
esteem In which Mr. Atkins is held by
them.
Mr. and Mrs. Atkins left for the south
last evening for an extended honeymoon
trip.
Martin Kelly went down to defeat yes
terday in Judge Murasky's court when a
decision was handed own in the case of
N. C. Coghlan, chairman of the so-called
Regular Republican organization, against
the Election Commissioners was decided.
The court decided that Coghlan was not
entitled to a writ of mandate compell
ing the Board of Election Commissioners
to grant his petition to place on the
ticket to be used at the coming primary^
election the names of prospective dele
gates selected by the petitioner as head
of the Martin Kelly faction of the Re
publican party.
The suit was opposed by the United Re
publican League, the heads of which are
Abe Ruef and Tom Rlordan, and under
the decision of Murasky their petition, for
a place on the ballot for delegates of
their choice as the Regular Republican
party which was granted by the Com
missioners Is the only Republican pri
mary ticket. ,
Judge Murasky finds that the Legisla
ture evidently Intended by the primary
law to create a system by which the In
terests of political organizations might be
conserved. He finds that the law as it
stands provides that no names of candi
dates shall be placed upon a general elec
tion ticket except those of persons who
have been nominated by the convention
of a party which at the least preceding
general election polled at least 3 per cent
of the total vote cast, or whose names
have been presented to the Election Com
missioners In a petition signed by voters
equal in number to 3 per cent of the total
vote polled at such election. The conse
quence of these provisions, says the court,
is that even if the petition of the organi
zation represented by the petitioner were
to be granted a place upon the primary
ballot It would receive no benefit, not be
ing a party which had received any votes
at the last election. It would therefore be
compelled, notwithstanding that it had
held a convention, to present a petition
containing names of its nominees to the
Commissioners In order that they might
be placed upon the ballot.
The decision means that representation
on a primary election baJlot cannot under
the law be given to a party, or section of
a party, which does not date its exist
ence from a preceding election and did
not at such election receive 3 per cent of
the total vote cast at such election, or
which does not show, by petition, that
such representation is desired by 3 per
cent of the voters at such election.
Grand Juror Makes Good Excuse.
The citation directing: Alphonso Hlrsch,
a member of the Grand Jury, to appear
before Judge Murasky and show cause
why he should not be punished for con
tempt of court for falling to attend sev
eral meetings of the Grand Jury, was dis
charged yesterday. Hirsch having fur
nished proof that his absence was un
avoidable.
Janitor and Fireman Wanted.
The United States Civil Service Com
mission announces an examination on
August 15 at Oakland to secure eligible*
from which to make certification to 311 a
vacancy In. the position of Janitor and of
watchman-fireman In the United States
Postofflc© building: in that city, at a sal
ary of $650 per annum. Age limits, 21 to
60 years. Apply to the United States
Civil Service Commission, Washington, D.
C, for application form 1052, which must
be filed with the commission at Washing
ton prior to the hour of closing business
on Augi.st 15.
WHITE'S DEFALCATION
MTJST NOW BE SETTLED
City Attorney Lane advised Mayor
Schmitz yesterday that demand should
be made upon the surety companies which
gave the bonds of W. J. H. White, the ab
sconding cashier of the Board of Public
Works, for the full amount of his defal
cation. For any surplus not covered by
the bonds Lane advises that demand be
made upon all the members of the Board
of Public Works under •whom White
served. The opinion, which was filed in
response to a request for the Institution
cf legal proceedings, says:
The Board of Works changed In personnel
several times daring White's incumbency as
cashier cf the department. An eriort should
be made to ascertain how cAieh he embezzled
und«=r each ec-t of officers, eo that specific de
tr.and could be made upon them for the amount
fo embezzled. This demand ehouia be made
before m2t is brought. Inasmuch as so consid
erable time na« elapsed elnce the defalcation
was discovered, and I would iurrwt that th*
data required be secured and the demandi
here rugpeeted be rr.ede aa soon aa possible, to
the end that if the city la compelled to aue.
immediate action can be taken.
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, JTKIDAY, JULY 24, 1903.
7
ST/VTE7VIE1NT
— of the: —
CONDITION AND APFAIBS
—OF THE——
HANOVER FIRE
Insurance Company
OF NEW YORK. IN THE BTATE OF NEW
York, on the 31st day of Dwemberf a. D
1902. and for the year ending on that day as
made to the Insurance Commissioner of tCI
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of section. 610 and 611 of the Political Cod«?
«"^«ns«d as per blank furnished by the Conv
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock paid up
lnC *» h .11.000.000 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company .. $450 000 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.... 8* BOO 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company. . . 2 (37 ojj <m
Amount of Loans secured by pledge ' p
of Bonds, Stocks and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral... nwi on
Cash in Company's office in 7ai XV
Cash In Banks 809564 27
Interest due and accrued on all '
Stocks and Loans 16.881 00
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 14 sa
Premiums in due Course of Col- •
lection 484.064 14
Rents due and accrued j go> s .
Due from other Companies for Re- . '
Insurance on losses already paid. 21,893 89
Total Aeseta .$8.795.167 r 85
LIABILITIES. ~
Losses adjusted and unpaid « jn-» ««. «,
Losses In process of Adjustment "°' i *° S3
or in Suspense 180 765 Hi
Losses restated, including expenses. 44 3515 jj
Grocs premiums on Fire Risks run- * " °
' ntng one year or less, $1,737,- .
788 82: reinsurance 50 per cent... 868.801 41
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run- 1 ~» o "« »i
nlng more than one year. $1,606,-
213 RS: reinsurance pro rata...... Sfifl 2K1 «rt
Commissions and Brokerage due ¦
and to become due fin iin -,-,
All other Liabilities 41,039 43
ToUl Liabilities ¦$2,148,514 *8*6
INCOME. =====
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $2,242,033 60
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 17S *v>
Received for interest and dividends w
on Bonds, Stocks. Loans, and
from all other sources ba 3211 so
Received for rents ¦ 27 622 Bfi
Received from all other sources.... 82^862 89
Total Income $2,438,819 Vfl
EXPENDITURES. — — —
Net amount psld for Fire Losses
(Includlnr $247,667 81, -losses of
previous years) Sl.109.Mg 60
Dividends to Stockholders , . 80,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission
or Brokerage .". 430,628 21
Paid for Salaries. T?~r and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc. 153.244 08
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes 60,609 43
All other ' payments and expendi-
ture* 169,858 35
Total Expenditures ..$2,012,003 *B7
Losses Incurred during the year.. $1,174,143 68
Risks and Premiums. IFire RIsks.| Premiums.
Net amount of Rlsksl ¦ j
written during the
year $315,624,760 $3,243,035 07
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year I 264,509.804 2,707,120 40
Net amount in force • - ,
December 81. 1002... 333,874,514 3,844.002 70
CHAS. A. SHAW. Prest.
JOB. McCORD. Secy.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this
26th day of January, 1903.
CHARLES F- SHAW,
Commissioner for California in New York.
STATEMENT
HOME OFFICE
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIBS
q — of the: :J
Aachen k Munich Fire
Insurance Company
OF AIX-LA-CHAPELLE. IN THE EM-
plre of Germany, on the 31st day of
December A. D.. 1&02. and for the year end-
Ins; on that day. as made to the Insurance
Commissioner of the State of California, pur-
suant to the provisions cf sections 610 and 611
of the Political Code, condensed aa per blank
furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
In Cash «... $450.000 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company.. *33«.183 00
Loans en Bonds and Mortgages.. 1,782.909 56
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company.. 2,166.083 S3
Cash In Company's Ofnce B1.O70 81
Ca«h In Banks 528.066 13
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loana 84.807 04
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion 698.163 19
Bills receivable, not Matured,
taken for Fire and Marine Rlska 203.187 73
Total Aaaet* f 6,302.476 23
LIABILITIES. ~~~ — —
Loeees adjusted and unpaid; losses
!n process of Adjustment or In
Euspens«; losses resisted, lnclud-
lnr expense. "•*— »3<7.750 71
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
nlns one year or lees, re-lnsur- .
ar.ee 50 p»r cent: rross premiums *
on Fire Risks runnlne more than
one year, re-insurance pro rata. 2,203,463 $9
Cash dividends remaining unpaid.. 6«2 50
All other Liabilities 612,661 77
Total Liabilities .$3.164.438 87
INCOME.
Net cash actually \ received for
Fire premiums ...' I2.S78.551 51
Received for interest on Bonds .
and Mortgages 77.619 81
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks. Loans, and
from all other sources 74,152 20
Received from all other sources... 85.167 23
Total Zneom. 1 13,115,490 38
EXPENDITURE& "
Net amount paid for Fire Loeses
(Including f 77.823 00. losses of
previous years) $1,859,977 48
Dividends to Stockholders 338,540 00
Pa'd or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 498,877 41
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc. 823,787 79
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes 27.008 »4
All other payment* and expendi-
tures : 126.170 69
Total Expenditures $2,674,362 21
Losses incurred Surlng the vear. .$1,421,107 00
Risks & Premiums.l Fire Rlska Premiums.
Net amount of Rieks
written during the
j-ear $2,604,561,750 $5,156,131 82
Net amount of Rl#ks
expired during the
year 2.433. 481.798 4,813,525 62
Net amount In force
December 31. 1002. l.S33.5W.:m 2.S67.216 04
ROBERT VON GORSCHEN. PresC
FRITZ SCHROEDER. GenL Mgr.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 16th
day of June. 1903.
FRANKLIN BEAUDRY.
U. S. Consul.
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT,
423 California Street. /
CESAR BERTHBAU, Manager - - - - 'ALFRED R. GRIM, Assistant Manager.
MARTIN RASCHBN and GUS MBSSINGER, City Agents.
AMUSEMENTS.
BASEBALU
PACIFIC COAST LEAGUE.
RECREATION PARK.
EIGHTH AND HARRISON
CHAMPIONSHIP GAMES.
THURSDAY AND FRIDAY, 8:30 P. M.; SAT-
URDAY. 8:00 P. M. • .
SUNDAY.... 8:30 P. M.
LOS ANGELES vs. SAN FRANCISCO
LADIES*' DAYS THURSDAY AND FRIDAY.
Advance Sale. 5 Stockton St.
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENTS.
HO A I TM A N'^ SEVENTH AND
UtV>\UlTl/\n O MARKET 6T8.
Every Afternoon and Evening,
POUTE VAUDEVTLLLB.
LESTER and CURTIN: HATHAWAY and
WALTON; HANK WHITCOMB; LITTLE
BLOSSOM: BAM AND IDA KELLY; THE
BURROUGHS: THE GREAT ZANO: CLIN-
TON MONTGOMERY and THB BIOSCOPJS.
Prices— Night. 25c. 20c, 15c and 10c; Matl-
»«g"20o «4 lOo. Fhon, tor B«U. South
STATEMENT
UNITED STATES BRANCH
OF THE- —
CONDITIOH" AMD AFFAIBS
OF TMi3
Aachen & Munich Fire
Insurance Company
OT AIX-LA-CHAPELLE. IN THB EMPIRE
U Germany, en the 31st day of December.
A. D. 1902. and for the year endlnr on that
day. aa isade to the Insurance Commissioner
«f the Btau cf California, pursuant to Use
ptwrlslofis of sections 610 e»d €11 of the Po-
HtlcaJ Code, condensed aa per blank furnished
by the Commissioner:
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
ar.i Bon£s owned by Company. $734,835 00
Cash la Company's OfSee 93 03
Cash in Basks 147.837 80
PrerrJums in due Course of Collec-
tion 1BLC88 W>
ails receivable, not Matured.
takes for Fire and Marine Rlska. 1.878 79
X>ue J'cm other Companies for
Relssurtse* en losses already
ptld 83 03
Total Aasets (1.0S3.028 M
LIABILITIES.
ly-ttrt adjusted and unpaid 16.254 83
Losses In proceea cf Adjustment
or In Suspense 63.6C2 CS
Losses resisted. Including expenses. ",*41 74
Oross premiums on Fire Risks
rusr.'.rjr one year or lesa. $637. -
IIS E9; reinsurance CO per cent. S18.S56 94
Gross premiums on Fire Rlska
rucnln* more than one year.
JS£2.2S4 91: reinsurance pro
rata 220.726 40
All ether Liabilities 34.070 81
Total L!aWUtle« teSZ.713 S5
INCOME.
Net ca«n actually receired for Fire
premiums $777.787 78
Received for Interest and dividends
en Bonds. Clocks. Loans, and
from all other sources 25.903 82
Received from all other sources.. C7.B12 40
Total Income $861.207 00
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(including $75,537 78. losses of
previous years) $383.t»fl »T
Pild cr allowed for Commission «t
Brokerage 157.833 M
Paid for Salaries Fees, and other *
charges for officers, clerks, etc 77.954 83
Paid for State National and Lo-
cal taxe. 18.830 09
All other Payments and Expendi-
tures 97.731 03
ToUl Expenditures •••• $742.©*« < 9
Losses Incurred during the year.... $384. SS3 57
Hicks «md Premiums.lFlre Risks. Premiums.
JCet amount nf Risks
written during the
year $78,005,902 $1,082,609 61
Net amount of Rl*ks • • _ > •
expired Curing the
year C3.S22.678 806.CC2 «8
Net amount in force
D*e«inbcr 81. 1902. 74.964.661 1.019.868 80
J. A. KELSEY. D. 8. Manager.
Subscribed ard sworn to before me thia 3d
day cf Februsry 1903.
C. M OOUGITTY. Notary rublle. 1
AMXTSEIgENTS.
ATPA7 AD Belasco & Mayer.-
ALCAZAR ED-Prce.
. Gen. Mgr.
TO-NIGHT— LAST FOUR TIME£.
Overwhelming Success of MR.
WHITE WHITTLESEY
• ¦ ' —IN—
THE PRISONER OF ZENDA.
Evffs.,25o to 75c; Mats,Thurs. A Sat., 15c to 50c
SECURE SEATS NOW FOR
NEXT WEEK'S GREAT OFFERING,
THE MANXMAN...;.;^
By Hall Calne. author of The Christian.
FIRST TIME IN SAN FRANCISCO.
WHITE WHITTLESEY In the heroic part
of Peter Qullliam. hertofore played only by
Wilson Barrett and James O'Neill.
vULiUl¥|@2l4 LEACiriQ THEAT2E
THIS WEEK— MATINEE SATUUDAT,
AMELIA BINGHAM
And Her Company. Presenting
Clyde Fitch's Latest Comedy Triumph.
"The Frisky jirs. Johnson"
Beginning Next Monday— Last Performance*
of the AMELIA BINOHAM SEASON,
Monday. Thursday and Friday Nights and
Wednesday Matinee.
"THE CLIMBERS."
Tuesday, Wednesday and Saturday Nights and
Saturday Matinee.
"THE FRISKY MRS. JOHNSON"
August 3— Ezra Kendall In "THE VINE-
¦ GAR BUTER." •
NEW ATTRACTIONS!
Claude Gillingwater and Company;
Ethel Iievey; Orpheus Comedy
Four; Thre« Polos and the Bio-
graph. Last times of George "W.
Hunter; De Kolta; Bailey and
Madison and Hodges and Launch-
xnsre.
Reserved Seats. 25c: Balcony. 10c; Box Seat*
and Opera Chalra. 60c.
I I Vyj-1 house.
TO-NIGHT
And Every Evening Thl» Week— Saturday
Matinee.
SPECIAL ENGAGEMENT o?
CAMILLE D'ARVILLB
Who Will Appear In Smith and Do Korea'*
Bright and Tuneful Comic Opera.
"THE HIGHWAYMAN."
EDWIN STEVENS AS FOXY QUILLER,
Annie Myers Bertha Davis. Ferris Hartman.
Arthur Cunningham. Edward Webb. Aime«
Leicester. Oscar Lee and the Bt< Tlvoll Cho-
rus and Orchestra Combine to Make the Pro-
duction the Event of the Operatic Season.
POPULAR PRICES 25c. 80c. TOO
' Telephone Bush 0.
IpAsjIFORNIft
II To-nisht and All This Week. J*"H
MATIHIS SATURDAY. * ¦
TREMENDOUS SUCCESS
tf% of the Incomparable 7J\
•* v ITEXLL-MOKOSCO CO. • iV
H(l Presenting Crawford's De- J%f)
llghtful Romance. ****
23 I* THI PALACE OT THE KINO. ?5
"^^ POPULAR PRICES.
Monday, ___
T HEARTS AFLAME, jjj
heatrD
grand 8ses&
MATINEE TO-MORROW
—THE BIGGEST POSSIBLE HIT—
TO-NIGHT
EVERY NIGHT.
EAYMOND AND CA VERIFY
And Our Superb New York Company In
The New Whimsical Musical Eccentricity*
UN WALL STREET
The Same Production aa Used by the Rogers
Brothers at the Victoria. Theater.
New York.
NEW SONO8. SPECIALTIES. ETCL
PRICES— 23c. 60c. 73c
CENTRAL1E
Market Bt.. Near Eighth.... Phone South 333
LAST THREE NIGHTS.
MATINEES TO-MORROW AND SUNDAY,
The Brilliant Young Actor.
MR. HERSCHEL MAYALL,
Supported by the Superb Central Stock Con*
pany. In a
Magnificent Spectacular Production of
FAUST.
_,_— The Wonderful "Bracken Seene."
SEE The New and Startling Electrical
*-'* - *-' and Mechanical Effects.
PDIPF^ Evenings 10c to C0o
rnltCa Matinees 10c. 15c. 20o
Monday July 27— MR. HERSCHEL MAY-
ALL In "A LION'S HEART."
Whoop her up with a will, for the wonderful bill
We present you this week; for It goes with a
will.
Jokes are latest and best, songa are given with
Best;
And the specialties, too, they will all stand the
test.
These Ape the
Only Comedians «
Kolb and Dill and Bernard; Blake. Hsrra-
sen and Whelan. and Maude Amber. And
these are the only plays
"UNDER THE RED GLOBE,"
Combined With .
"THETHREE MUSKETEERS"
HANLON'S PANTOMIME COMPANY and
hljh-Claas Specialties Every Afternoon
and Evening In the Theater.
Inspect ?•CABARET~*D» LA MORT."
VISIT THE— r-
POUND AND ONE-HALF BABY.
AND HIS COMPANIONS
IN THE INFANT INCUBATORS.
THREE BABY TIGERS IN THE ZOO. )
ELECTRIC FOUNTAIN
SATURDAY NIGHT
ADMISSION. 10c; CHILDREN. 5c.
PflfcirA DOrr FAIL TO
1 UlaWW see the beautiful
- COURT Lounjring-
flflsi " room, the EMPIRE
«I1U PARLOR, the
~ - PALM ROOM, the
fimnn louis xv par.
UldliU LOR and the LA-
„ . - DIES* WRITING
Hotels ROOM^Andy Gallagher, the amateur champion
heavyweight boxer, will meet Walter
Marino to-night in the gymnasium of the
San Francisco Athletic Club, Sixth street.
Marino has spent two weeks in training
at Colma while Gallagher has done a lot
of work at the Olympic Club. The bout
has attracted an unusual amount of at
tention. In addition to the heavyweight
event there will be five othftr matches
on the card. Alex Greggains will, as
usual, referee all. the bouts
Amateur Heavy- Weights to Meet.
CINCINNATI, O.. July 23.-There were
-*wo exciting events in to-day's meeting
of the Tri-State Tennis tournament! The
first was when W. P. Hunt and Truax
Emerson, local men, played Kreigh Col
lins ana L. H. Waidner, the Chicago
champions. It was a smashing game
from start to finish, but the Cincinnatians
finally were defeated. The other feature
«»vent was that between Ernest' Dlehl and
Nat Emerson of Cincinnati against R, G.
Hunt, the California champion, and Dr.
Stephens of Pittsburg. "The local men
won In five sets.
Exciting Tennis at Cincinnati.
ST. LOUIS, July 23.— A new Information
was filed to-day against E. J. Arnold,
head of the turf Investment company that
failed several months ago, and this was
followed by the dismissal of the seven
charges against him of .embezzlement by
mall. The new information ch'arges
grand larceny and is based on the com
plaint of Mrs. William Slevers. who al
leged that $400 placed In Arnold's hands
for investment was never returned. The
new information is similar to that filed
In the J. J. Ryan case after Ryan had
been acquitted on the original charges of
embezzlement. Arnold appeared and gave
bond In the . sum of *1000.
New Information Against Arnold.
R. H. E.
Rait Lake 002000110—4 6 1
San Francisco.. 0 0 1.1 0 0.0 0 0 — 2 9 2
Batteries — Quick and Anderson; Leltman and
ZearfosB. Umplre-7-Coglan;
SEATTLE, July 23.— The' locals could not
touch We win - to-day, ' making ¦" but one clean
hit. Score: .
Seattle 0 12 0 0 0 10 0—4*. 4' 2
Tacoma .."...'." 0 0 0 0 0 4 1 2 0— 7 12 8
Batteries— McCay . and Smalley ; Biewitt and
Byers. Umpire — Mahaffey. .
HELENA, July 23.— Helena gave a local
W4.-U.- ir^hw Hnnn « »rial to-ltlir. Th« Uim
R. H. E.
Spokane 201000004—7 11 3
Butte 0 110 0 10 0 2—5 10 4
Batteries— Dammann and Zaluekey;'Dowllng
and Swindells. Umpire — Houstan.
SALT LAKE, July 23. — San Francisco lost
to-day's game. on errors." Both pitchers were
in good form. Quick having the advantage of
splendid fielding throughout the game. , Aside
from a bad throw by "Slats" Davis in the
third Inning, when he attempted to complete
a double play, the. locals played an errorless
game. Attendance. - 800. Score: '
SPOKANE," July 23.— Three, singles and
three errors in the ninth ¦ gave Spokane the
game this afternoon.,. Dowllng was effective
for the visitors, striking out ten men. ; He
was hit safely eleven times. Dammann pitched
good, steady ball, allowing ten hits, which
he kept scattered. Yesterday's trouble • was
settled By Wilmot paying the fines under pro
test. Attendance. 095. Score:
Trouble at' Spokane Is Settled and
~ >' Series Goes On. .
BASEBALL FINES ARE PAID.
The opponents of the Aubertlne faction
of the Union Labor party captured Mayor
Schmltz's meeting in tHe Thirty-second
Assembly District last night, i It was an
nounced at the Potrero yesterday after
noon that the Mayor would- address a
meeting at Maennerbund Hall on Twenty
fourth street and "Potrero avenue In the
evening. The Mayor was at the appointed
place on time, but soon learned that the
followers of the rival faction were In con
trol of affairs. When he attempted to
speak the leaders and claquers of the dis
turbing element shouted: "How is Willie
Hearst? What did he pay you for going
to New York and making Democratic
speeches? 'How do you like' Judge Mu
rasky?"
In vain the Mayor essayed to speak,
but his voice was drowned In the tumult.
.When he saw that the crowd of 100 had
assembled t'o break up h^is meeting he
.walked out of the hall and > went home to
reflect upon "man's ingratitude to man."
Opponents of Mayor Schmitz Capture
His Meeting in Thirty-Second.
UNION LABOR FACTIONS.
R HE
Seattle . . . 0 0 0 0 2 111 x— 6* 10* . 4
Oakland *.,2 00001000—38 1
Batteries— Hughes and Boettlger; McCarthy
and Gorton.
Portland 2 00 1 3303 x-U 14* 4,
Sacramento ... 5 0 0 2 0 1 0 0 0— 8 14 6
Batteries— Shields, Butler and Hess; Brown
and Graham. . Umpire — Levy.
SEATTLE, July 23.— Both teams played good
snappy ball to-day. Score:
PORTLAND, July 23.— Shields was
out of the. box in the first Inning In to-day's
game between Portland and Sacramento. But
ler was substituted without , warming up and
at first was ineffective but steadied down
later. Brown was batted freely. Tho visitors
had the game almost cinched in th» first, but
batting rallies by the home team changed the
result. Attendance, 2500. Score:
Portland Pitcher Batted Out of the
Box on Home Grounds.
SHIELDS IS-HARD HIT.
Golden Rule vs. Renegade Apache; _MollIe
Me vs. Topsy Turvey: Meddlesome vs Lord
Uranard; Toronto vs. Lady Granard; Racing
<3 lancer v». Black Flush: Loretta vs. Free
Born: Rock and Rye vs. Yankee Boy; I^dy
Menlo vs. Prometheus: Bocco Girl vs. John
C Heenan; Snapper Garrleon vs. McIIenry;
Doc Burns vs. Onward Maud; Creswlck vs.
Bonnie Hughle; * Medley vs. Advance Guard;
Master Clair vs. Riesrei: Lily XV right vs. Royal
Friend: Gramcrcy vs. Pasha Pleasant; Una vs.
Lord Goff; Teddy ' Neenan vs. Equator; Miss
Wilson vs. Laughing Water; Manru vs. Re
mlsFO Anlmo; War Eagle vs. May Hemp
etead; Haddlngton vs. Bella Lloyd: Miss Brum
mei vs. White Hat; Ouida vs. Grace W; All
Baba vs. Silver Cloud; Star Sylvanus vs. Lulu
Girl; Hard Lines vs. Real Paaha ; Fernbrook
vs Idle Fellow; Erebus vs. Prairie Maid; Lazy
Bob vs. Yukon; Patricia vs. Little Lucy:
Flora Belle vs. Martha Washington; Siskiyou
vs. Wattles; Aggie W. vs. Tabasco Bob: Vik
ing vs. Sylvester; Conroy vs. Terah; Flower
of Gold vs. Pure Pearl; Gold Lily vs. Young
Buck; Old Ironsides vs. Young Fearless; Tom
Hurllck vs. Yellowtall.
Two stakes will be decided on Saturday
and Sunday at Ingleside Coursing Park.
The principal number will be an 80-dog
open event. The forty losers In the first
round will then meet In a consolation
stake. The draw last night resulted as
follows:
Losers in thf First Round Will Also
Compete in a Consolation
Number.
EIGHTY GREYHOUNDS
IN INGLESIDE STAKE
SANTA BARBARA, July 23.— The Santa
Barbara polo team defeated Burlinganle
at the Carrlllo-street track this afternoon
In one of the hottest games ever played
at the local grounds. The score was 3
to 2. The grandstand and every point of
vantage was filled with epectators. While
all the players put up a good game, the
star plays were made by Captain Thomas
A. Driscoll of Burlingame. who scored
two goals, and by Ernest Wickenden of
Santa Barbara, who made the three goals
for the local team. Driscoll distinguished
himself to-day by making a remarkable
drive through the lines, followed by a
score in the third period.
To Wickenden's great plays was due
the success of the local team, although
he received valuable assistance at criti
cal points. R. Cameron Rogers being
credited with the most brilliant assist of
the game. A collision occurred between
Rogers and Hudson in the third period,
in which both were thrown violently from
their horses. Neither was seriously In
jured.
After the third period the Santa Bar
bara team played on the defensive, realiz
ing it was only necessary to shut out
Burlingame to win.
BRILLIANT POLO MATCH
ON SANTA BARBARA FIELD
Captain Thomas A. Driscoll of Bur
lingame Plays in Dashing Style,
but His Team Loses.
Hoellger and the Injured man were or
dered out of the hospital for fighting.. An
examination was made of Williams' head
at the time by one of the physicians in
charge, who failed to find any injury ex
cept a scalp wound. Yesterday Williams
appeared at the branch of the Marine
Hospital in the Appraisers' building for
treatment and upon examination It waa
found that he was/suffering from a frac
tured skull. He was removed to the Ma
rine Hospital and four - pieces of bone
removed. He now lies In a precarious
condition and the doctors hold out no
hope of his) recovery. The matter was
reported to the police and the arrest'fol
lowed. Hoellger will be detained pend"
ing the result of Williams' lnjuries.y
Richard Hoellger. a sailor, was arrest
ed last evening at a seamen's resort at 5
Washington street by Detective Harry
Reynolds ami his name entered on the
detinue book at the City Prison. On July
21, It Is alleged. Hoellger, who was a
patient at the Marine Hospital, struck
Joseph Williams, a fellow inmate at the
institution, knocking him down and caus
ing him to strike his head against a valve
of a steam heater, from, which he sus
tained a fractured skull.
Both of the men, who were undergoing
treatment at the Government hospital,
had charge of tha food basket there, their
duties consisting of serving out food to
the patients In the various wards. On
the day In question a dispute arose be
tween them as to the disposition of some
rggs that remained In the basket and the
quarrel was later resumed at the dinner
table. Hoellger struck Williams twice In
the face, knocking him to the floor. In
the fall he "received the Injuries that may
result in his death.
SEAMAN'S SKULL FRACTURED
IN SCUFFLE WITH A SAILOR
Richard Hoellger Is Held by Police
Pending the Result of the
Injuries.
v. Elapsed
Boats. ¦'. '¦ Start. Finish. Time.
Shamrock I.. ......12:51:16 4:25:30 . 3.34:04
Shamrock III 12:48:18 4:27:12 3:37:54
ATLANTIC HIGHLANDS, N. J., July
23.— A fluke and a shift of wind cheated
Shamrock III out of a victory in a drift
ing race with Shmarock I off Sandy Hook
lightship to-day, and gave the old boat
the first victory ever had over the new
cup challenger. The boat^ had drifted
about nine miles before the wind to the
turning mark with just enough wind to
keep tlwm moving when Shamrock I's
sails filled with wind and for twenty min
utes she slipped away, leaving her sister
racer almost becalmed. Beating back to
the finish line a shift of wind gave the old
boat an advantage. Shamrock I gained
five minutes by her good luck. She fin
ished one minute and fifty-two seconds
ahead and beat the challenger by three
minutes fifty seconds elapsed time. Sum
mary:
Shift of Wind Cheats Lipton's Ne\7
Boat of Victory.
OLD SHAMROCK WINS.
MATTER GOES OVER ; .'
UNTIL OCTOBER 1
Judge Beatty Enters an Order in the
Case Against the Ship- .
building Trust.
In the case of the Mercantile Trust
Company of 2»'ew. York vs. th© United
States Ship-Building Company, the Union
Iron Works and others. United States Dis
trict Judge Beatty yesterday made an or
der setting forth that the United States
Marshal had been unable to find the ship
building company or James Smith Jr. In
this district and directing the defendants
named to appear and plead, answer or
demur on or before th© first Monday of
October, 1903. Y c
The court also directed the United
States Marshal to serve the order upon
the persons in charge of the property
leased to the Union Iron Works.
SANDY HOOK. N. J.. July 23— A twelve
inch mortar was blown to pieces at the Sandy
Hook proving ground to-day. The explosion
demolished the mortar: The firing squad was
behind bomb-proofs and no one waa injured.
NATIONAL LEAGUE
CHICAGO. July 23. — Four hits in the third,
three In the fourth and two in the eighth gave
the locals an easy victory. Cincinnati's hits
were scattered, one to an Inning, except
in the seventh; when the team bunched two.
Attendance, 3G00. Score:
» R. H. E.
Chicago 5 13 3
Circlnnatl '. 2 » 3
Batteries — VIcker and Kilns : Suthoff and
Bergen. Umpire — O'Day.
PHILADELPHIA, July 23.— Philadelphia es
caped a whitewash In the ninth on Kelster*«
grounder to Babb. New York's hits came
when they did most good. Attendance, 1000.
SCOrC: R. H. E.
New York : 5 9 0
Philadelphia 1' 6 1
Batteries — Miller and Warner. Mitchell and
Dooln. Umpire — Emslle.
Chicago Falls to Score, While Detroit
Tallies Five and Wins
the Game.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
DETROIT, Mich., July 23.— Chicago filled the
baees In the first and third innings and were
retired runless in each. After that Donovan
allowed but two men to reach first base.
Crawford's triple with the sacks full in the
third, followed by McGulre's double, decided
the victory. Altrock was hit in the face by
a line drive from Yeager's .bat in the eighth
and polnfully injured. 345O.
bC . R. H. E.
Detroit * £ ®
Chicago ..» ° » 3
Ratteri<--s— Donovan and McGuire; Owen.
Altrock and Slattery.
"WASHINGTON." July 23.— The strong bat
ting of Philadelphia and Waddell a pitch
ing proved a combination too strong for
Washington's crippled team to-day. Moran
received injuries from Pickering s spikes
which will keep him out of the game for some
time. Attendance. 2G0O. Score:
R. H. E.
Washington ? •} f f
Philadelphia " " *
Batteries— Patten and Klttredge; Waddell
and Ehreck.
NEW YORK. July' 23. — Honors were easy In
the dotrble-header to-day between Boston and
the locals. Both games were close, until well
toward the end. when batting rallies put them
beyond doubt. Young clearly outpltchedyChes
bro In the first contest, while Deerlng. who
made his first appearance In the box for the
home team, twirled rings around Hughes. The
fielding was for the most part clean. At
tendance. BVOO. The scores:
First game — . **• *»• *y
Boston , - A
New York * j °
Batteries— Youns and Crlger; Chesbro and
O'Connor. „ _
Second game— «• «• E -
Boston h - * *
New York * 8
Batteries— Hughes and Stahl; Peering and
Blddle.
CLEVELAND, O., July 23.— The visitors
were unable to get a man to first base after
the third Inning. Joss struck out nine men.
Slevers pitched a strong game, keeping the
hits well scattered. Lajole's batting was
a feature. Attendance, 3400. Score:
..•"¦ R. H. Efc,
Cleveland 2 11 O
St. Louis ! 0 3 2
Batteries — Joss »and Abbott; Slevers and
Kahoe.
PITCHER ALTROCK STOPS
FAST BA!LL WITH HIS FACE
Stolen base— Cravath. Errors— Iberg. To
man 2, Leahy. Two-base hits— Cravath, Leahy.
Sacrlllce hits — Cravath. Ross. Flrat base on
errors — San Francisco 1, Los Angeles 2. First
base on called balls — Off Iberg 1, off Hall 2.
l^eft on bases — San Francisco 6. Los Angeles 2.
Struck out— By Iberg 2. by Hall 4. Hit by
pitcher — Irwin. Time of game — 1 hour;and 20
minutes. Umpire — O'Connell.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Los Angelea .0 0030. 0000-3
Base hits 0 10 3 0 O 0 O 2 — «
Sin Francisco ... 0 0 10 0 'JO 0 O— 1
IJ.T.e lilts ...... 0 0 1 0 0 0 0 0 2—?,
SUMMARY.
San Frnnclfco — Los Ang«lRS—
AD. R. H. P.A. AB. R. H. P.A.
Phay, S.....T 10 2 3 Hoy, cf...4 0 0 5 0
Meany rf.H 0 111 Whler, 2b.3 0 0 11
Irwln 3b.3 0 0 0 4 Smith, .tb.4 10 0 4
Leahy, c.4 0 < 4 1 1 Dillon, lb.4 1 2 11 0
Lynch, lf.4 O 0 0 OlCrvth, rf.3 12 3 0
Krug, cf..4 0 12 0 Ross, If.. 3 0 13 0
Dims. 2b.4 O02B Toman, s.3 0 100
Kelly. lb.S 0 0 10' 0 Spies, c... 3 0 0 4 0
Iberg, p.. .3 0 0 0 4 Hall. p. ..3 0 0 0 1
Totals..11 1 3 'J7 IS' Totals.30 :5 C 27 12
Iberg inaugurated the bad fourth by
passing Wheeler. Smith forced him at
6econd and Just then Dillon * was there
with hla timely hit to right that chased
Smith to third, the latter taking second
on the throw in. The fielders played in
close for a double play. Cravath then
slammed one down to Shay, which the
latter could not get his mitts on.
Smith dashed home while this was In
progress and Dillon stole the third cush
ion. In the mixup that followed, Tommy
Leahy made a rather wide throw to third
to catch Dillon. The ball might have been
handled, but it was not, and so Dillon
made the plate and Cravath came aa far
as third. Then Ross bunted and Ham
Iberg fumbled the ball and Cravath hot
footed It to the pan with the- last tally.
It was in tho. third the Angels got in
wrong and allowed the only run to score
against them. Shay hit a grounder to
Toman, who threw it out to right field
Instead of into Dillon's mitt. Shay kept
running till he reached «econd. Then
Hall threw to Toman to catch the runner
off the bag and this time Jimmy let the
sphere go and Shay arrived on third.
Meany at this juncture made good with a
hit to center for the only local run.
Outside of the third and fourth innings
both teams fielded well and everything
was handled cleanly. Toman, as soon as
he settled down, was In rare form and got
everything In his territory; also^a few
In Smith's. The game was played in an
hour and twenty minutes, making it one
of the fastest of tho present season. The
score:
No one who witnessed Wednesday's.ex
hibition could, possibly believe It was the
same two teams who performed yester
day. The falling off in hitting was re
markable. It 13 safe to say the three lead
ing clubbers of the day before got more
hits on that occasion than the entire
eighteen men who vainly swung at the
leather* yesterday. -
To Hall belongs the credit of the Angel
victory beyond a doubt. During the en
tire nine innings of the game he was
never in danger of being walloped by the
home clubbers. In only two rounds did
they get any hits off the rural slabster.
But for Toman's kindly errors in the
third no native would have experienced
the pleasure of treading the path to the
home plate.
Iberg was a good one In every round
save tho fourth, when he went astray.
The entire team for a time seemed to fol
low his lead, till the Angels amassed thrco
runs. After this disastrous period no one
came over the pan and no one semed to
have a chance.
If the fates had kindly disposed of the
affable Mr. Hall In "some manner or form
then the home team would probably have
stood a chance to get Into the going oc
casionally yesterday at Recreation Park.
But Mr. Hall was there all th© time and
the fates did not interfere at all, so there
was no hope left for Uncle and he went
under. The score: Los Angeles, S; San
Francisco. 1. " /
Pint lino.- The (iuntbernrr, Don
ftollj-. Divination.
•irrond Hare 1>. \Vhtttle>r t Insrold,
Operator.
Third Race — K«coliar, Inblana,
I'ompnuo.
Fourth Knee — W. It. Condon, linn
ter Raine, ('(iKKtvell.
Fifth Hare P*>tra II, Merrymak
er, rctuicit.
Sixth Rare — Ilylnnd. Wllllam
*tead, I,nrd Sterlinjr.
Sixth raw. mile and a. sixteenth, maidens —
King Carter UA. Aminte 105. H. C. Barrett
JO7, Williamstfad 1U5. Wyefleld 102. Passbook
105, B<-ji Cntta 110. Erbe 1C2, Lord Sterling
107. Vartray 3C2. Royal Pirate 102, Hyland
1C5 Thoughtless 100. Earl of Norfolk 1C2, Al
bany Girl 1(0. Royalton 102. White Crt-st 107.
nniGHTOX nEACii selections.
¦ (By the New Tork Te'.errap j.)
Fourth race, mile and a furlong, handicap —
Hunter Rain* 123, Sambo 117, W. R. Condon
112, Lanceman 307, Bar le Due 102. Colonsay
ltti. Flara S7, Cogswell 00.
Fifth race, mile and a sixteenth, selling —
Ftar and Garter 90. Gibson Light 104, Ixird
Advocate 107. Reformer H8. Ethics 10G, Anak
109, Merrymaker 106. Daisy Green 104, Petra
II 110. Homestead 111. Leipelc 108. Justice
1U3. Squid SI. Early Eve J»s. Clnclnnatus 90,
Courtenay 306, Ella Snyder 8S.
Third race. Fix furlongs, two-year-olds, sell-
Ing — Revelation J», Sailor Knot 107, Escobar
1U», F*rnro<-k 107. Miss Shylock K>S, Short
cake 1<::;, Tendercrest 99. Silent Water 99.
Anna Hastings 9ft. Pompano 106, Luminosity
1*»4. Emergency 107, Extra Law IC2, Ishlana
tcs.
First race, Fix furlongs, two-year-olds —
PIroutte 1U7. Th~ Southerner 102, Tithonlc 102,
Divination 112, Gold Dome 102. Diplomat W.
October Flower 9*J. Donnelly 102.
Second race, six furlongs, highweight han
dicap — Northern Star 137, Gfiy Boy 123. Op
*>rnt<»r 122. Bonner 120. Fyrlin llh, Ir.poid 117,
G. WhtttW 13C. Duelist 114. Demurrer 113.
Mary Worth lli\ Knight of Harlem 1C5. Ot-
Infj 'H7. Flying Buttress 1»7. Neither One 102.
Monte Carlo 10S. General Prig 103.
NEW YORK, July 23.— Weather clear; track
f*ft. Entries:
BRIGHTON BEACH ENTRIES.
Time. 1 :4> 2-5. Stcrt fair. Won driving.
"Winner. W. B. Leeds' br. c. by Ljimpllghter-
The Cow. Khital 1(S, Carroll D 101. Captl
vatcr 1CS. Park Planet 106. Belle of Troy 103.
True B!-jc 1US. Barbara Frietchle 100, Mosketo
Si?. Star and Garter 102. also ran.
THIRD RACE— Purse, two-year-olds, bIx
furlongs:
netting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. ¦ St. «i Fin. '
36 to 5 — TomcoA. 07 <Redfern) 12 1 2>4 i
10 to 1 — Ned Moore, S«7 <Larson).. « 3 2 4 4
1* to 5 — Flower, »4 (McCafferty). . 4 5 3 3-
Time. 1:14 2-5. Start bad. Won ridden out.
Winner, J. F>lschmann*s ch. c. by Kendal-
Marquay. Hazelwood 112, Flcrlrel 110. Fair
Ord<:r y7, also ran.
FOfRTH RACE — Brighton Oaks, flllies.
three-year-old?, mile and seventy yards:
IJetting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. s i Fin.
f. to 1 — Birchbroom. loti <Redfern) 1112
fi to 1 — Gravina, IOC (Cochran) 4 4 2 \
2 to 5 — Eugenia Burch. Ill (Odom) 3 2 3 6
Time. 1 :45 2-5. Start good. Won ridden out.
Winner. J. R. Kefne'e b. f. by Ben Brush-
Maid of Dorset. TriEtcsse 111 also ran.
FIFTH RACE— Handicap. three-Tear-old*
nr.d upward. mil<* and an eighth: V
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. 6t. fi Fin.
31 to 5— Mastrrman, 126 <Bullman) 1 1 1 «;
T> to 1 — I^ux Casta. 12-'5 (Gannon) 3 2 2 3
r «o 1— Mlckry Dwyer. 109 (Burns) 9 6 3 h
Tir-.c. 1 :Z£. StEjt good. Won cleverly. Win
ner. T. Belmont's ch. h. by Hastings — I^adjr
Margaret. Himself 113. St. Sever »6. Lord
Badge 111. Articulate IIS. Cryptogram M
also ran.
SIXTH RACE— Selling, three-year-olds and
up. ir.il» and a sixteenth:
Bettinp. Horse. Weight. Jockey, ft. % Fin.
?> to 1 — Nevermore. 1(>4 (Burns) 3 111
S to 1 — Ktngralne. Ill (N". Lewis) 6 3 2 h
«j t-> 1 — CourtmaiU. OO (McCafTerty) 4 4 3 h
SECOND RACE — Purse, one and a sixteenth
rn'.lec :
Belting:. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. »; Fin.
13 to .'i — Stmp. Oround,104(Cochrn> 3 118
S to 1 — Athelron. 107 (Gannon).. 4 3 2 2
5 to 1 — Watertower. 115 (Hicks).. .". 0 ."! >-i
Time, 1 :4H 4-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. F. R. Doctor's br. f. by LanipSlghter-
Elise. Lord Advocate 107. Daly 112, Arden 115,
April Shower 115, a'.po ran.
BRIGHTON BEACH. July 23.— Amid a
tumult of cheers, James R. Keene'B home
bred three-year-old filly Birchbroom, by
Ben Brush out of Maid of Dorset, won
the Brighton Oaks, worth $2700 to the
winner, to-day. The defeat of Eugenia
Burch Is unaccountable." Her- trainer
could not give any reasonable excuse ex
cept, perhaps, that Odom should not have
taken the Inside, where the track ¦ was
heavy. Added to this, Eugenia Burch had
five pounds overweight. Gravina, the
California filly, had Birchbroom straight
In the stretch. Summary:
FIRST RACE— Selling, two-year-olds, fixe
and a half turlosrs.
Uetling. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
fi to 3— This. Heather, 101 (Boisen) 9 l> I h
t> to 5 — Ag. Brennan. 100 «Haack) 2 1 2 .*«
7 to 2 — Contentious, 11W <CJaJinonj 1 2 3 %
Time. 1:08. Start fair. Won driving. Win
ner, S. Paset's ch. f. by Knight of The This
tle-Belle Daly. Hopeful Miss 107. Funny Side
'M, Mlroon 102, Royalton 94, Redman «4, St.
lloma 96, Mcaitcr 104. also ran.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
NEWPORT, R. I., July 23.— In" a race
for a special cup i to-day the Reliance
gave the Columbia the worst beating she
has ever sustained in a contest sailed
In a cood stiff*breeze. Sailing over a
course of , thirty-eight miles in length,
nearly twenty of which were dead to
windward, the new cujr yacht finished 13
minutes 49 seconds ahead' of the old cham
pion. - . ; ;.' . x
The Constitution went up to Bristol
last evening to have a new topmast put
Vn and' did not arrive here to-day until
too late to eo 'out to the starting "line.
For a few moments tiie older boat held
her own." but as soon as the .Reliance
got her. wind clear she shot through, the
lee of her rival and, crossing her bow
on the .next, tack, worked steadily out
to weather of her and. at the same time,
outfooted her rival. To give the Colum :
bia such a drubbing: in weather which
sharps said was Just suited to bring out
the old boat's speed, is "looked upon by
the yachtsmen here as nothing short of
a wonderful performance. •
Besides the special event for the 90-foot
ers there .were races for the. single stick
ers and schooner yachts of the New York
Yacht Club fleet that have not been
hauled out for cleaning since the annual
cruise becan.
The trophies were presented by Captain
John Jacob Astor and consisted of a cup
valued at $1000 for the schooners and one
worth $500 for the sloops, yawls and cut
ters.
Mr. Morgan, who steered the Columbia,
and Captain Barr of the Reliance had a
lively fight for the start and it resulted
In the amateur skipper gaining a de
cided advantage, although both craft
were more than two minutes behind the
handicap gun in getting away. The new
craft was handled so prettily that she
was but 39 seconds behind the Columbia
in starting. After further skillful hand
ling, at 12:06 the Reliance crossed the
Columbia's bow and took up the coveted
weather berth. From this time on it was
only a auestion of how, much the new
boat would beat the old one out to the
weather mark. The Reliance behaved
handsomely in the rough water and out
footed and outpointed her rival all the
time. Off Point Judith heavier seas were
encountered, but* the two racers made
easy way through them. The Reliance
drew away steadily and turned tho wind
ward mark at 1:31:34. I *
The Columbia wore around at 1:35:55,
four minutes and 20 seconds behind the
leader.' Adding the 39 seconds actual
start the old boat had over her rival, the
Reliance had beaten her an" even five
minutes In a 12\$ mile thresh to windward.
Spinnakers were set for the run to the
second turn and the Reliance increased
her lead in every mile. A slight fog was
encountered near the second, turn, but
Captain Barr had steered a true course
and hit the mark so exactly that he was
able to gibe around ahead of the Vigilant,
which had worked off to ¦ the southward
of the turn. The Columbia also failed to
hit the mark, but was a little to the north
of her course when the Reliance passed
her on the way to the finish. It was a
close lay to the line from the second
turn, but the wind hauled to the west
ward still more and the Reliance was
obliged to mnke a short tack off shore
before she could fetch to the line.
The Ineomar- led- the schooner class
around the course but lost the prize to
the Elmira on time allowance. ! The Vig
ilant was the first or the single-stickers
to finish and as shejhas not been officially
measured her length compels her to make
big allowance to the other yachts in the
class. It Is flcured out that the , Isolde
takes the cup on time allowance. Sum
mary:
Special class 90-footers—
Elapsed
Boat. Start. Finish. Time.
Reliance 11:47 3:50:49 4:03:49
Columbia 11:47 4:09:38 4:22:36
Flrnt Itnoe— Floral "Wreath, Mer
rylliKht, Anlmala.
Second Race Golden Rale, Nellie
Wnilriell. Father Wentker.
Thlrtl Raee Little »cont, Beanie
McCarthy, (irand Opera.
Fourth Raee — <ialba, Airtight,
*i« iftwtiu;-.
Fifth Race Alfred C, I'ronta,
Scotcu Plaiil.
Sixth Raee Auditor, 911a* Craw
ford, Martin*.
CHICAGO, July 23. — Weather cloudy; track
fast. Entries: • ¦
First race, six furlongs, selling — Jet 101,
Florence H 101. Whiten 101, Snowdrift 101.
Flossie P 101. Courage 101. Edith Mack 101.
Floral Wreath 101. Hedera 101, Miss Clancy
101 Corsica 101, Merry Flight 100, Penance
90, 'Animula &0, Catherine Chlnn CO. ¦ |
Second race, six furlong?, highwelght handi
cap — Golden Rule 138, Toah 125. Hargls 125,
Brulare 114 Nellie Waddell 112, Emathlon 112.
Father Wenkter 110, Marchmont II 110, Sem
per Vlvum 110. St. Tammany 105.
Third race, mile and a sixteenth — Grand Op
era 112. Little Scout 107. Bessie McCarthy 97
Fourth race, mile and an eighth, selling —
Galba 105, Swift Wing 102. Kentucky Cardi
nal 100, Atrllght 100. Captain Arnold 100. Our
Bessie «J7, Fading Light 95. Ml Relna 95.
Fifth race, one mile, selling — Cornwall 114,
Scotch Plaid 107. Pompeii 105. Bard Burns ia">,
Pronta 104. Frivol 103. Alfred C 102, Myth 102.
Flaunt 102. C. B. Campbell 100.
Sixth race, five furlongs — Blumenthal 111.
Auditor 111. Alllsta 10S. Gus Heldorn 10S. Mar
ttus 10S Biue Darter 10S. Gus Quarles 108,
Sclpio 1C8. Pat Ilar.imon 10S, Pet?r J. Somers
1CH. Commodore 1CS. Ccd^x 105. Miss Craw
ford 105. Mai WfllB 105. Polk Miller 105.
HAW.THORXE SELECTIONS.
(By" the Chirago Inter Ocean.)
HAWTHORNE ENTRIES.
SIXTH RACE— One mile, purse.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. »i Fin.
« to 2— Ontonagon. 02 (W. Knapp). 1 1 1 2ft
7 to 6 — Organdie. S7 (L. Wilson)... 7 2 2 6%
5 to 1— Callant, 105 (H. BooUer)... 3 4 33
Time 1:413-5. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner C Lind & Co.'s b. c. by Troubador-Neck
tie Mar^halsea 102. Inventor 105, Barney
Iturke 1C2, Prodigal Son 92. Prairie Dog 104,
McGovran 96. Harney 107. Mary Moore 105.
La Hcnda 90. also ran.
FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs, selling.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. »i Fin.
3 to 1— Mry M'Cffrty. S.H (L.WlUn) 5 1 11*4
f, to 1— Rag Tag. 102 (Adktns) 6 5 2 H
1« to 1— Uranium, OS (Hejgesen)... 7 3 3 1
• Time, 1:14 2-5. Start good. Won easily, win
ner, S. C. Hildreth'e b. c. by Sensation-Sieve.
The Forum 94, Martinmas 95. Erema 09. Orfeo
101 Pomplno ICG, Louis Wagner 102. Head
«aier 100, Automaton 111, Step Onward 105
also ran.
FOURTH RACE— Mile and three- sixteenths,
handicap.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. »i Fin.
8 to 5— Hermencia, 99 (Helgeeen)... 2 4 1 %
6tol— Leflare. 91 (S. Bonner) .3 2 2 1
7 to 5— -John McGurk. 10S (Adkins). 1 3 3 0^,
Time. 2:02. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner. William CahlU's ch. g. by Hermence-Gre
cia. Barca 95 also ran.
•Coupled in the betting.
Time. l:CSl-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner P- Dunne's br. c. by Bassetlaw-Troy
ene. Soldier of Fortune 98, Elwood 106 also
ran.
THIRD RACE— Five and a half furlongs,
stake.
Betting. Iforse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
1« to 5— Tryon, 08 (L. Wilson) 4 4 12
•2 to 1 — Sir Andrew. 100 (Wonderly) 3 12 2
•2 to 1 — P.equlmus. 1<VJ (Helgesen) . . 1 2 3n
SECOND RACE— Six furloncs. selling.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockoy. St. » 4 Fin.
C to 5— First Chip. 08 lHelgesen).ll 4 1^
» to 2— Eva's Darling, 9y(L.Wllsn) 2 7 21
25 to 1 — Ar.gelo. IHJ (L. Jackson)... 1 5 3 Mr
Time. 1-.15K-5. Start good. Won handily.
Winner, P. Dunne's cb. c. by First Mate-
Chippie, Gus Lanka i»5. Montanic 100. Good
man f»5 Goody Two Shoes 93, Alice Dougherty
ii9. Durandel 91. Chief Aloha 90, Give All 100,
Ran Gallant 1)5, Our Cora ».», also ran.
9 to 10— The Giver. Ill (Doniink). 5 2 1 h
15 to 1— The Kentkn. 116(C.Gray) 2 12 2}i
100 to 1— Tom Curl. 100 (Pellak).. 13 3 2
Time, 1:27 1-5. Start poor. Won driving.
Winner. C. T. Boots' br. c. by Tiger-Miss Gift.
Paul Whaley lOti. Otis 110, liluemint 1CU, also
ran.
FIRST RACE— Seven furlongs, putse.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. »i Fin
E. E. Farley, who was ruled off the
turf for alleged "ringing" by the Detroit
Jockey Club and for whom a fugitive war
rant had been issued by the Michigan au
thorities, walked into the Central police
station here to-day and gave himself up.
Farley was taken before Judge Chetlain,
who, after hearing preliminary questions,
set the trial for next Thursday. Sum
mary:
CHICAGO, July 23.— The Juvenile Stakes
was the feature of Hawthorne's card to
day and was won by Dunne's Tryon, al
though It looked as though Sir Andrew
should have won™ The majority of spec
tators thought Wonderly pulled his mount
up in the last hundred yards, probably
mistaking Tryon for Requimis, Sir An
drew's stablemate. Weather clear and
track fast.
Bpeclal Dispatch to The Call
DETROIT, July 23.— John Taylor, the
gray gelding that rah away after an acci
dent in the third heat of the Merchants'
and Manufacturers' $10,000 stake yester
day at Grosse Pointe and then won the
fourth heat In impressive fashion, this
afternoon won the fifth heat and the race
from Wainscott, the heavily played favor
ite. Summary: |
Merchants' and Manufacturers' stake.
$10,000. ct which $2000 Is for consolation stakes
Saturday: 2:24 trotters: three in five *ieats
(unfinished from yesterday) —
John Taylor, g. g., by Dispute, dam
Joe S. (D. Wilson) 12 8 11
Wainscott, b. 8. (Hyde) 2 1 1 2 2
Jim Ferry, g. g. (Frank) 8 3 2
Ccle Direct, blk. h. (Gers) 5 6 «
Robtxola. b. m. (M. Sanders) 3 9 »
Nervana. blk. m. (Curry) 4 4 7
King Simmons, blk. s. (Bogash). 9 10 4
Bonny Russell, b. s. (Kent) 7 7 B
Hie Bov. b. g. (Stanbrough) 10 5 10
Robert Me. b. g. (X. Rice). 6 8 6
Miss Jeannette, blk. m. ,(Roker)..ll drawn.
Shady Beatty. b. g. (Pay) Dis.
Time. 2:12Vi— 2:10y»— 2:13?i— 2:15— 2:10t5.
2:12 trot $2000 — Billy Buck won both beats.
Time. 2:10U— 2=11%- - _ -
2:18 trot. $1000 — Fanforan won both heats.
Time. 2:ll«i— 2:12Vj. ....
2:17 pace, S20C0 — Dr. Madara won both
heats. Time, 2:09 — 2:08»i.
2:CO pace. $2000— Wlnfleld Stratton won
both heats. Time. 2:06^— 2:08. *
2:09 pace. $1000— Sadie Baron won both
heats. Time, 2:11— 2:13H-
ST. LOUIS SELECTIOXS. \
(By the New York Telegraph.) ?
First Race— Toknlon, Monlln
Rongr, Lonlnnn.
Second Ilnce Meniphlnn, Pira
teer. Deerlmnter.
Third Knci- It Iniovalt, Minnie
Jolinnon, Q,naUer Olrl. '
Fourth Race Kindred, Fltxknnet,
Stnnd Pat. < „. c «.
Firth Hnce — Our Lady, Such,
Mr*. AViBK". . „
Sixth llHCf — Pierce J., Henry of
Frnnntamnr, Tom Crabb. ,
ST. .LOUIS. July 23.— Weather clear; track
furlong.-Mrs Malaprop 103.
Lenanla 103, Soufrier? 108. Sadie Burch 103,
Tokalon 10S. Enigma 103. Slgnorina 103, Daa
™&c££[ *£T Jne^mil^f
106 Dolly Havman 06. Alflo 101. Pirateer 101,
DVernunter, W)7 Memphlan JOC. Judge Can
tr Third race; four and one-half furlongs; sell
ing—Hoedown 05. Minnie John« on , I? 1 ' Or'ef
101 St. Roche 104. Dr. Cartledge 110. Angelo
100 Don Alvaro 105. Bird Pond 100, Quaker
Girl 104. Our Llllle 1(8. Rhyme and Reason 101,
Fourth race; six furlongs; handicap—Kin
dred 107 Bridge tM). Golden Glitter 87. Miss
Mat Day 109, Lady Idrls 80. Stand Pat OS.
Fi Fifth e rac^'mUe: selling-Rochester 107. Our
Lady 100. La Rouge 105 Hook So Oka 08.
Jack McGinn 110. Beana 105, Mrs. W !gg» 89.
Helen Hay 85. Emma Meyer 0«>, Never Such
05 Mllas 108. Aules 105.
Sixth race; mile and seventy y^rds; selling-
Immortelle S3. Morris Volmer 102. Rollick II
97 Weird Ofl. Dr. Clark 104, Henry of Fran
f.jmar 99 Felton 00, Galanthu* 94. Star Gazer
99 Pierce J. 1C7. Tom Ciabb W. Lunar 102.
ST. LOUIS ENTRIES.
SIXTH RACE — Mile and an eighth, selling.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
5tol— Lasso. 105 (C. Bonner).... 3 1 ink
10 to 1— Klnloch Park, 110 (D.Hall) 4 2 2 0
13 to 5— Landola, 103 (D. Austin).. 6 i 3 2
Time, 1:66%. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner L. Lomp & Co.'h ch. m. by Magnetlzer-
Lasca. Murmur 93. Baronet 102. King's Pet
1C2, Pathos !>0, Hegira SO. also ran.
FIFTH RACE— Mil* an* 70 yards handicap.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
3 to 1— Malster, 106 (Hlgglns) 1116
11 to 6— Kenova. »1 (Brtdwell) . . . ...» - - n. k
7 to 5— Ldy Sfhmore. 107 (Troxler) 4 A 30
Time. 1:47 »,i. Start coed. Won easily. Win
ner. T. A.- Gay & Co.'s br. g. by Autocrat-MU«
Longford. . Edgardo 09 also ran.
FOURTH RACE— Five and a half furlongs,
Belle stakes. Pl ,, _.
netting. Horee. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 1-Mag Nolin, 115 (A.W.Bakr) A 8 11
lOtol— Chck Morgn. 115(E.Austln) b 6 2 nk
8 to 6— Mafalda, 118 (Troxler). . . . . 1 . -! 3«
Time. 1:10. btart good. Won handily. Win
ner. Haley Brothers' ch. f. by Tammany-Tam
pette. Mildred L 103. Wreath of Ivy 105. Bride
103, also ran. »
THIRD RACE— Seven furlongs, Bellng.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Jfln.
SO to 1— Hobart. 110 <1>. Austin)... 5 1 1 V,
:* to 2— Mont. Peeress. 9X (Shea).. 2 2 2 8
3 to 1— Tioga. 100 (Breden) « » » -J
Time. l:2ity>. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner. T. Wilson & Co.'s ch. h. by Wawckus-MlBs
Yates. Lynch 100. Jack McGinn 110, Orleans
105, Sweet Dream 100, also ran.
SECOND RACE— Five and a half furlongs,
Bettfns. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
Even — Tokalon, 100 (D. Hall) . j 1 10
«to 1— ingolthrlft. 10-5 (A.W.Baker) 4 4 2 Z
G to 1— Lord Hermce, 103 (K.Smith) 6 A J nk
Time l:0S?i.- Start good. Won easily. Win
ner G W. Scott & Co.'B b. f. b^ Tammany-
Enid. Ben Adklne 1(M>. Bugler 10:5, Mlzzenmast
105, Mllklrk 10.S. Maxrose 108.. Matt W adlelgh
105 Lustlg 108 Major Carpenter 103, also ran.
ST. LOUIS, July 23.— The Belle Stakes,
for two-year-old fillies, was the feature
of an excellent card at Delmar Park to
day, the stakes being worth $3000 to the
winner. Mag Nolin proved_to be the best
and won the race handily. \
The fifth race, a handicap, was second
to the stakes in point of Interest. It was
easily taken by Malster. Hobart, as good
as 40 to 1 in the betting, beat Montana
Peeress in a driving finish. The weather
was clear and the track fast. Summary:
FIRST RACE— Six furlongs, selling.
Betting. Horse. -Weight. Jockey. St. \ Fin.
;: to 1— Dotty Shute, lOTj/Troxler). 0 4 1 nk
7 to 1— Kit Cut Dash. l|f> (D.Hall) 2 1 2 A
10 to 1—Sistr Lillian. OS^D. Austin) 0 5 .Ink
Time, l:liHi. Ktart good. Won driving.
Winner, H. Pechman & Co.'s b. t. by Longllsn-r
Freddie. Aylmer Bruce 05, Xoweta 1UO. Leila
May 95, Harpllthe 100. LUlie Long 102. Caelana
1M. Instar 105, Evening News 10j. Lou lieacn
100, also ran.
Epeclal Dispatch to The Call.
John J. Byrne, general passenger agent
of the Santa Fe at Los Angeles, who has
been in the city, for several days with
his wife, departed last evening for Lake
Tahoe, where he will enjoy a vacation.
The freight traffic representatives of the
Southern Pacific Company who have been
In conference at the railroad building for
the last two days finished their powwow
yesterday afternoon and a number of
the outside men started nome on the even
ing trains. The work accomplished has
no material effect upon the shippers, re
ferring mainly to a division of the haul
ing proceeds.
The Southern ,'801110 Company ha.s an
nounced thnt beginning with the new
month It will not permit passenger travel
on its frPlght trains, except on such
freight trains as are provided with pas
senger coaches. It aas been a practice
for some time to permit holders of scrip
or mileage books to use the freight trains
between regular stopping places, but this
privilege Is now to be abolished as a safe
guard against accidents which are more
likely to occur on the freight than on
the passenger trains. The new rule will
affect principally commercial travelers
who have been. in. the habit of taking ad
vantage of this method of getting over
a laree territory In a shorter time than
Is afforded them on the regular passenger
train.".
One of the. many changes that has fol
lowed the consolidation of the office? of
the various Gould lines throughout the
West-Is -the adoption of the title of "Rio
Grande System" as a future designation
for the Rio Grande & Western Railroad
and the Denver & Rio Grande Railroad.
Since they were consolidated the two
roads have continued to do business un
der separate names and have also been
operated under separate time schedules.
The latest Drlnted matter received here
combines the two roads under title named
and the Information has been sent to the
local agents that hereafter they will be
recognized as only part of one great sys
tem.
MADE ONE SYSTEM.
Shortly after President Martin Inaugu
rated the Improvement work along tha
bay end of the road and while the Santa
Fe and Southern Pacific were fighting for
a means of traffic between the bay of.
San Francisco and Eureka. It suddenly
became known that the Santa Fe. realiz
ing that It stood no show against th©
Southern Pacific in forming an alliance
with the California Northwestern or pur
chasing the road from the Foster syn
dicate, had secured an option on the
North Shore road and might possibly util
ize that line as a means of reaching th«
bay from the north, for the terminal point
of the road at Sausallto i3 regarded as
most advantageous for a project seeking
water connections. Later the Santa Fo
official? concluded that they would build
the entire way from Eureka and It there
fore abandoned Its option on the North
Shore road. In discussing this matter
yesterday President Martin stated that
the option was raised some time ago and
that his road was now free from any and
all bonds or options.
Patrick Campbell, the millionaire mining
man of Spokane, who 13 at present stop
ping at the Palace Hotel with his fam
ily, is seriously contemplating the con
struction of a «thirty-flve mile railroad
from Jacksonville, Or., south across the
California border line to a point In the
northwestern part of Siskiyou County.
known as Blue Ledge. He 1* at present
negotiating for a valuable copper prop
erty in the Blue Ledge district and al
ready has h!a mining partner, "Doc"
Reddy of Spokane, In the north examin
ing the mine, which Is located five miles
south of the northern boundary line of
this State. In the event of making tha
purchase it Is Campbell's intention to
build a road as a means of bringing hla
ore to market, and the only available
route Is from Blue Ledge to Jacksonville,
where by way of a branch road he will be
able to connect with the main line of the
Southern Pacific. He has had the ground
surveyed and estimates made as to the
cost of the thirty-five miles of road and
purposes going north to-morrow to look
over the ground himself. - .
OPTION IS NOW OFF.
The directors of the North Shore road
met yesterday afternoon and formally
levied an assessment of JS on the stock
of the company. It was decided to make
the assessment effective Immedlatelj and
the date of delinquency August 25.
It had been announced and generally
supposed that an assessment of 510 would
be levied, but that action on the matter
would be deferred until September, but
at yesterday's meeting It was one of the
first subjects taken up and disposed o.
at once. The board then entered upon a
discussion of the general Improvement of
the company's property, for which tha
money derived from the assessment la to
be used. In discussing the matter after
the meeting President Martin said: = - /;
When our company first took hold of th«
North Shore road we did not ccntemplat»
many Improvements which we have sine*
found absolutely necessary. Among thes« I
may mention the additional terminal facllttle*
at Sausallto. which included the work of fl.l-
Ing In the water line at that point, tha buUd
1ns of rew and more commodious quarters for
passengers and overhauling th« approach to
the terminal. The work had to be done, a
fact which all the directors fully appreciated.
and we went ahead with It. naturally ex
pecting to raise the money when the con
tracts were finished. The time being near at
hand for a settlement we levied an assess
ment to-<Jay and I do not believe any of th»
shareholders will find fault when they realls*
the necessity of the improvements and tha
good results that are already accruing from
them.
, STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
(Pacific Coast League.)
W.L.P'ct. W.L.P'ct.,
J,os Angeles. «2 S7 .620 Portland 39 M .41»
Ban Fran 61 44 .081 Seattle 41 57 .418
Sacramento .56 46 .649 Oakland . 45 68 .403
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
(Pacific National League.)
W.L.P'ct. | « W.L.P'ct
Butte ..• 62 32 .019. San Fran 44 43 .504
Los Angeles. 63 33 .Oltt.Tacoma 35 50 .412
Spokane 60 34 .605 'Bait Lake 7 10 .412
Seattle .45 39 .536 Helena 30 51 .370
Dunne's Tryon Scores Lucky
Victory Over Corrigan
Horse With Erratic Reputa
tion 'Springs Another
California Filly Gravina Out
foots Eugenia Burch
for Placs.
On 38-Mile Course the De
fender Wins by Nearly
1.9 Minutes. '
Angels Gat Familiar Witl}
Iberg's Offerings in
Fourth Round.
Road From Siskiyou North
to Jacksonville Now
Contemplated.
Hobart, at 40 to 1 , Captures
a Seven-Furlong
Daughter of Ben Brush
Is First in the
Classic.
John Taylor Beats the
Favorite, Wainscott,
at Detroit.
Pulls Up Sir Andrew in
the Juvenile at
Chicago.^
Reliance Gives Columbia
Worst Drubbing She
: Ever Got.
Amount on North Shore
Stock Is Fixed at
Five Dollars.
Two Misplays by Toman
Save Uncle From
a Whitewash.
Suddenly Regains Her
Form in the Belle -
Stakes.
JOCKEY'S ERROR
LOSES A STAKE
GRAY GELDING
AGAIN A WINNER
MAG NOLIN WINS
DELMAR FEATURE
HALL WORRIES
THE HOME TEAM
DIRECTORS LEVY
AN ASSESSMENT
BRIGHTON OAKS
FOR BIRCHBROOM
NEW CUP YACHT
FINISHES AHEAD
RACING, BOXING, BASEBALL, YACHTING AND OTHER SPORTS
THE SAN FJ? AXCTSCO 'CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 24, 1903.
The jury In the case of. William Macon,
the young actor who - was charged In
Judge Dunne's court .with attempting to
dispose of -his Infant child for v $20 and on
failing to sell the child left It on the steps
of-, the Golden 1 Gate ¦" Foundling 'Asylum,
returned a. verdict last nleht of not srulltv.
William "Macon Is Not Guilty.
ST. LOUIS, -4uly 23.— Abe Attel!, the
California featherweight, and Johnny
Reagan, the bantamweight, signed ar
ticles to-day to box fifteen rounds before
the West End Club here on July 30 for the
legitimate featherweight championship of
America -at 122 pounds ringside.
Attell and Reagan to Tight.
Jim Corbett's baseball team will play
r match game this afternoon at Alameda
against a team captained by Harry Cor
bett. The latter will have the services of
Barney Bernard, Kolb, Dill and other
theatrical lights.. The actors will go over
«n the 1:45 p. rn. boat.
Boxers and Actors on the Field.
v It. H. E.
Los .'Angeles... 211124 10 5—12 13 2
Helena ....... 0 0 0 0 2 0 0 0 0— 2 6 2
Batteries— Hoon, : Carlton and Carisch; Htlde
brand and HUdebraad. '
gave him poor support and . lost the game.
Until ¦ Hoon saw he .was not supported he
pitched good ball. Score:
< CLEVELAND. Ohio. July 23.— A woman
registering at Mrs. Colwell of Chicago at
tempted suicide at the Frankfort Hotel by
asphyxiation to-day. The gaa was turned off
In time' to"*Bave >her life.
LONDON, July 23.— Henry ! George Lidclell.
second Earl of Havi-nsworth, is dead. He was
l>ron In 1821. '- : . . ¦
8
ADVERTISEMENTS.
LENOX
CIGARLEADING OFFICERS OF OAKLAND
LODGE OF ELKS AND THE
SPLENDID NEW QUARTERS.
•'. CHICAGO. July 23. — The Teamsters'. Union
to-night abandoned Its . sympathetic strike
against the Kellogg Switchboard and Supply
Company. BMBOkO
"LONDON. Ont., July 23.— Mrs. Foy. wife of
J. J. Foy. ' barrister and raembsr- of * Parlia
ment i of Toronto, committed suicide * by jump
ing from: the upper deck of the steamer Mocas
sla,~ between this city: and Hamilton/ to-day in
full" sight of the passengers
LOUISVILLE, Ky.. July 23.— The body of
Paul Cain was found floating In th« Ohio
River to-<V»y.. He was the eon of the lato
Colonel J. S. : Cain. . Paul Cain's; mother
brought suit a week ago accusing herfson-of
wasting . the Cain estate while " acting { as ad-
OAKLAND, July 23.— The following mar
riage-licenses were issued to-day: Arthur
V. Montgomery. 24 years old. and Rosa
Nogues; 24, both of Los Angeles; Joe. M.
Sllva. 40, and Mary Pemcntal. 31, both, 'of
Oakland; Hudson Smy the. 28. Tesla. and
Anna^K. Jones. 24, Berkeley.
Marriage Licenses.
ST. PAULV Minn., July 23.— Every boiler
maker and boiler-maker's apprentice in
the employ .'of V the Chicago. . St. Paul,'
Minneapolis and Omaha road !¦ struck ¦ to
day, and the total number out Is about 145.
The boiler-makers demand the payment
of the Chicago sealer
Boiler-Makers on Strike.
Play Bunko Game and Are Arrested.
James M. Bailey and Edward .Seabey
were arrested last night by Patrolman
Nelson and booked. on charges of vagran
cy. -An additional charge of carrying a
concealed . weapon was placed against
Seabey, as an ugly revolver was found
in his possession when searched at the
City Prison. The men were taken into
custody upon the complaint. of : -William
Averman. a recent' arrival from Los An
geles, who claims that, he , was swindled
by the two men in a shooting same in
the phonograph parlors on the east side
of Kearny street, between Pine and Bush,
falling to sell the child left it on the steps
CHICAGO, July 23.— Adolph Ehmai*. a
member of the firm- of Charles Ehman &
Co., mantel manufacturers, angered by
the jeers of a crowd of : union -workmen
while. he was acting as guard overnon-,
union men, shot and seriously wounded,
Robert Kuter, one of his tormentors, to
day.' Ehman was arrested.
Answers Jeers With a Bullet.
BERKELEY. July 23.— The agricultural
department of the university has been
asked to assist' in preparing the California
exhibit at the St. Louis Exposition. The
task assigned to the university authori
ties is the collection of native grasses,
forage plants, of vegetables- and grains.
Each of the State experiment stations
will be called upon to assist in selecting
and preparing the exhibit which will.be
sent East. •• t ',' ).
NO REPRIEVE FOR
JAPANESE MURDERER
President Roosevelt Declines to In
terfere With Punishment of Man
Convicted in Honolulu.
HONOLULU. July 23.-Unlted States
Marshal Eugene R. Hendry received an
order from President Roosevelt to-day
directing him to terminate the reprieve In
the case of Tanbara. who was convicted
of murder on the high seas and sentenced
to death. The case was carried to Wash
ington to be reviewed by tne President on
the ground that there were some extenu
ating circumstances that would Justify a
i ommutation of the sentence to Imprison
ment for life, but the order received by
Marshal Hendry indicates that the Chief
Exeomive b+lievcd that the man's crime
me rit*"«l the infliction of the extreme pen
ill y of the law. According to the Presi
lent> order the execution of Tanbara will
i-k* place Friday. August H. This will
be the first hanging In the Hawaiian Isl- j
••.•-:- tinder the Federal law. j
Lectures on Rough Riders.
A graphic account of the gallant part
which the Rough Riders played In the
Spanish-American war was given by Pri
vate George C. King of B Troop before a
large audience in Golden Gate Hall last
night. The lecture was given for the
benefit -of the relief fund of Camp Gen
eral Fremont No. 14, Service Men of the
Spanish War. and a generous sum was
realized, as the audience filled the hall
to Us limits. Private King traced the
career of the crack fighters from the time
that the regiment was assembled bjt
Roosevelt at Ban Antonio through all of
its fights on Cuban poll and up to the
final camp at Montauk Point on Long
Island. With the use of ; many photo
graphic slides his lecture was admirably
Illustrated.
Horse Kicks a Child.
BERKELEY, July .23.— James, the 3
year-old son of J. A. Marshall of Stuart
Elrect and Telegraph avenue, fell under
a horse's hoofs in front of his home this
afternoon and was' kicked on the head.
Hie father came to his rescue just in
t n.< to Rave him from befng kicked to
death. The child's head mas badly bruis
ed, but the Ekull was not fractured.
Late Shipping Intelligence.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
HAMBURG— Arrived July 23— Stmr Pennsyl
vania, from New \t rk.
CHERBOURG — Arrived July 23— Stmr Fuerst
Bismarck, from New York, via Plymouth, for
Hamburg, and proceeded.
GLASGOW — Arrived July 23— Stmr Corian,
from Boston."
Sailed July 23— Stmr Carthagenlan, for'Phil
adelphia. • . • • : ¦ ¦ •- /
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed July 23— Stmr Teu
tonic, for New York.
NEW YORK— Arrived July 23— Stmr Pre
toria, from Hamburg. Boulogne and Plymouth
Sailed July 23— Stmr La Gascogne, . for
Havre; stmr .. Bluecoch, for Hamburg; stmr
Koenlgen'L.ulse. for Bremen. .'-, /
. LIVERPOOL — Sailed ". July 23— Stmr New
England, for Boston, \ via Queens town; etmr
Parisian, for Montreal, : via Movllle. '
COLUMBUS, Ohio, July 23.— The Feder
ation and. Independent Window Glass
companies of Columbus have granted an
increase of about 15 per cent to the em
ployes of the various plants that belong to
the so-called Denny - organization, of
ficially • known as -the Window Glass
Workers' Association. About 5000. men
will be affected.
Columbus Employers Raise Wages.
OAKLAND, July 23.— Word was re
ceived to-day from Astoria, Ore., that
Charles R. Lane and Joslah Smith, ar
rested at xJvermore on charges of per
jury, have been sentenced to long terms
in the Oregon penitentiary. Lane pleaded
guilty and was given ten years, and Smith
stood trial, was convicted and sentenced
to fifteen years. The pair operated
throughout the Pacific Coast, Lane using
an injured leg as a source of revenue in
damage suits against individuals and
cities. Smith was the brains of the com
bination. They fixed up a. scheme to
mulct the city of Astoria, but were un
done throuRh the Oregon officials' inves
tigations. Smith lived>Xor many years In
Contra Costa County- and Lane had a
small ranch near Ltv.ermore.
Pair of Swindlers Sentenced.
Deceased was 70 years of age and leaves
a widow, Mrs. Emma Leavitt. and two
eons, Frank W. and James B. Leavitt.
The latter is an employe of the Pacific
Press Publishing Company. Mr. Leavitt
had been a resident of this city for the
last eighteen years. '
Senator Leavitt and his wife are now at
Lake Tahoc and they will not be able to
reach Oakland in time for the funeral,
which will be held at 10 o'clock to-morrow
morning from Howe's undertaking par
lors. The interment will be at Mountain
View Cemetery.
OAKLAND, July 23.— William Leavltt,
father of State Senator Frank W. Leavitt,
died yesterday morning at 616 Fifteenth
street- Death was caused by . a blood
clot on tlTe brain, resulting from a stroke
of apoplexy about two weeks ago.
William Leavitt Passes Away — Death
Caused by Blood Clot on
the Brain. i
FATHER OF STATE
SENATOR DEAD
The agricultural department of the university
has been asked to assist In preparing the
California exhibit at the St. Louie Exposition.
It will be the duty of the department to col
lect a large number of native grasses, forage
plants,' vegetables, grain and . straw
Professor Charles Palache spoke this even
ing in the students' observatory to a v large
gathering of summer session students, his sub
ject being "Diamonds.*"
BERKELEY. July 23.— The Santa Fc Rail
road has allowed an extension of time on the
certificates issued to. members of the sum
mer school. These certificates are now good
until and including | August 12. Instead of
August 5. This extension was granted to en
able the holders to visit points of Interest In
the vicinity of. San Francisco.
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
WASHINGTON, July 23.— President
Barrett of the local Bookbinders' Union
to'-day called on Secretary Cortelyou and
Public Printer Palmer and submitted af
fidavits supplementary to the communica
tions already filed with those officials re
garding the case of W: A. Miller, the .as
sistant foreman In the Government print
ing office, whose reinstatement was or
dered by the President. These affidavits
relate to the charges which formed the
basis of Miller's expulsion from the union
and as to his actions during his Incum
bency as assistant foreman. Mr.' Barrett
told Secretary Cortelyou that there was
no Intention on the part of the union to
send a committee to. Oyster Bay unless
requested to do so by the President. A
decision by Mr. Cortelyou is expected In
a few days. •'Mr. Palmer said to-day that
so far as now could be foreseen Miller.
who is at present in Minneapolis, will re
sume work.
The communications sent by the union
to Secretary Cortelyou anjd Public Print
er Palmer are identical. In them the^
union Insists that - Miller should not be
reinstated and urges as the reason there
for charges of moral unfltness, which it
points out was the cause of his expul
sion from the union and which the book
binders claim were thoroughly investi
gated and proved.
Oakland' Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway. July 23.
Leon >Lafleche, 18 years old, a telephone
company employe, was dragged off a bat
tery wagon this morning and brutally as
saulted by a gang of hoodlums at Third
and Webster streets. The .boy was beaten
and kicked on the head and so badly In
jured that it was with difficulty he made
his way back to the company's head
quarters. '
The /issnuU occurred at 9 o'clock. La
fleche had been sent out with the wagon
earlier In. the day to replenish the
batteries in telephones. Accompanying
the boy was an unarmed man. but the
crowd that swooped down upon the wagon
quickly overpowered the pair and gave
the youth a hard beating.
After the assailants had completed their
work they disappeared, leaving their vic
tim to get back to the telephone station
as best he could.
Lafleche was covered with blood from
a dozen cuts on his bead and face.
¦ The boy said he was not- doing line
men's work,' but was engaged solely on
batteries. He was able to recognize some
of the crowd that beat him and will swear
to warrants for their arrest •
This, is the first serious assault that has
occurred in Oakland since the telephone
linemen's strike began. There has been
much hooting and yelling at the telephone
company's men. but violence had not beeit
offered.- The company. In view of this
occurrence, has decided- to request Mayor
Olney to "order the police back to guard
the wagons. The Mayor withdrew, the
police upon the promise from the striking
linemen that no violence would follow.
Ed Davis of the Linemen's Union de
clares no strikers assaulted the boy.
Army Orders Affecting Officers of
Department of Columbia and
Postal Appointments. ,'»/^
T» - ASHINGTON. V. C. July 23.— Captain
V. aiter Clarke has been relieved ts signal of
ficer of the Der«rtment of the Columbia.
U«-ut«rant Colonel Richard E. Thompson has
baea crdered to Seattle in connection with In
stallation of AlaeWan military telegraph- sys
tem First lieutenant William Mitchell upon
arrival at Seattle in compliance with previous
nrAr-rr will proceed to Denver to relieve Cap
tain Edward B. Iven as signal officer of the
Uepartrnent of Colorado.
Postofflce established at Fortoria. Calaveras
County with Maud 6. Wasbburn as Post
master. OTflce at Botwell. IJeuglas County.
Oregon, re-established with Emm* E. Bo«
w*H postmaster. Pontofflc»s names changed:
California — Coles, gisktyou Odcmy to Hilts, re
moved one mile south. Washington — Fulton,
Lewis County, to Koemos. V
William H. Woodrum has been commissioned
postmaster < fourth-class) at Hooker. CaL, end
Kettle F. Magee at Harvey. Wa*h.
Francis Eckles has been appointed rural let
ir-r carrier and George F. Eckles sub at Tulare.
Edwin A. Parrfsh has been appointed post
master <f3urth-clas«) at Derby. King County.
Wash vice Hana J. Ponntncoon, resigned.
B B Custer of Phoenix, Ariz, has been
appointed bondeJ Bchocl superintendent at
Or«nvll> Indian School. Cal.. salary I1C00
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Telephone Employe Is
Rather Roughly
Handled.
Cortelyou Will Decide
Miller Case in a
UNION OFFICERS
FILE AFFIDAVITS
GANG ATTACKS
A BATTERY BOY
The. third floor Is given over to the lodge
room and living-rooms for such members
as may desire to avail themselves of that
privilege.
The lodgeroom is a magnificent piece of
work. The station of the exalted ruler is
at the east end of the hall on a raised
stage, while opposite is an organ loft with
an excellent instrument The stations of
the lodge are chairs of the handsomest
hand-carved designs. In the center of the
lodgeroom' Is a chandelier composed of
four elks" antlers, at the end of each
prong being a small electric light, the ef
fect when lit being particularly fine.
The decorations of the hall consist of two
full-antlered elks, a doe and a fawn, this
being the only lodge In the United States
that owns such a complete collection of
these animals.
There will be a formal opening of the
new building some time In September,
when the grand officers will be present.
this coast. This is testified to by
those who have been through other rooms
and other quarters, even In San Francis
co, and it is the general opinion that the
Oakland Elks have exceeded everything
from Seattle to San Diego.
But the Oakland Elks are very proud of
their quarters, whether this claim be true
or not, and to-night the lodge moved from
the long-inadequate rooms on Broadway
to its own building on Fourteenth street,
just opposite* the terminus of the narrow
gauge ferry system.
The ceremonies were simple. The mem
bers ot the lodge convened at the old
lodge rooms, which had been dismantled,
and marched In a body from there to the
new rooms on Fourteenth street. There
the lodge reconvened, and after the tran
saction of a small amount of business
they resolved themselves Into a social ses
sion, when there were remarks by some
of the officers of the lodge. Exalted Ruler
H. C? Capwell and the leading: knight,
James M. Shanley. and Lecturing Knight
Ward M. Pelton were present and helped
to christen the new building.
There were no formal exercises, for the
fathers of Elkdom In Oakland were away.
George W. Reed and Dr. O. D. Hamlln are In
the south. Superior Judge H. A. Melvln and
State Senator G. R. Lukens are In attend,
ance upon the Supreme Lodge of Elks In
Baltimore, and many more were away.
For this reason the exercises to-night
were extemporaneous, though none the
less enjoyable.
The. .new home of Oakland Lodge No.
171 was constructed especially for the
lodge. It is a four-story building, owned '
wholly by the Elks' Hall Association. Tha
ground floor is rented for stores^
The second floor Is given o\er to the
clubrooms. There Is one big reception
room in the front, with billiard-rooms and
a banquet hall in the back.
OAKLAND, July 23.— (iikland Lodge
No. 171 of the Order of Elks took
possession to-night of the finest
lodgeroom and club quarters on
The brothers of the woman became ex
cited when they saw Ahern. They threat
ened him. He left the hospital, but one
of his wife's brothers met him on the
street later and gave him a beating. This
angered him, and he called at the hospital
last night and was admitted to see his
wife. It was then that the trouble oc
curred.
William Ahern, a plumber, residing at
36B Welch street, created a sensation at
the Receiving Hospital last night by
drawing a gun and flourishing it in the
presence/ of his wife, at the same time
threatening to kill her brother. After a
struggle Ahern was disarmed by Steward
Eertrand.
Ahern'B wife was sent to the hospital
during the afternoon, as reported else
where. She was suffering from an over
dose of lysol taken with suicidal intent.
She said her husband had beaten her and
she wanted to die. The husband called to
see her shortly after 4 o'clock, and in the
meantime her sister and two of her broth
ers also arrived.
William Ahern Threatens to Kill
Brother of Wife He Had
Beaten.
When August Sonnichsen, proprietor of
the lodging-house, found Conyers' body
he also saw a phonojrraph in the room,
the record on the machine being "Will
You Love Me Then as Now?"
Miss Seymour, also known as Dot De-
FLOURISHES A GUN IN
RECEIVING HOSPITAL
Dtar Dot: Hoping you will forgive this rash
act I am about to take. I cannot bear it any
longer for , I think it - is for the beet that I
should' leave this world, and you. with your
happiness. You cannot know how much I have
grieved over it, and hoping you will forgive
me for it, I remain your heart-broken stand
by. Good-by, my darling, for I love you.
• SAM CONYERS.
Samuel Conyers, a houseraover,
shot and killed himself with a pistol last
night. The despondent lover's body was
found this mornirfe in his room at the
New Grand lodging-house, o\&Vt Seventh
street, a. block distant from Miss Sey
mour's apartments at the Alaska House,
47«*£ Seventh street. ¦ Conyers shot him
self through the head, the pistol being
clutched in his right hand, while in the
other was a photograph of the woman
whom he had left only a short time be
fore the suicidal deed was done,
Before Conyers died he wrote a fare
well not" to Miss Seymour. It runs as
follows:
OAKLAND, July 23.— After quarrel
ing with Mollie Seymour, his
sweetheart because | of jealousy
of her attentions to a soldier,
The funeral of Myers was held at 2
o'clock this afternoon from the Odd Fel
lows' Hall under the auspices of the local
lodge of Odd Fellows. He was a pioneer
resident of thi3 city, having settled here
in the early '50's, and was the builder and
owner of the Eureka Hotel, at Seventh
and Washington streets.
OAKLAND, July 23.— Within three days
after the death of Henry H. Myers his
heirs have filed a petition for the probate
of his will. The petitioner is his daugh
ter. Sophie Nicholas, who is named in the
will as executrix. The estate is estimated
at $100,000 and consists of city realty. To
Sophie Nicholas he left the entire man
agement. The heirs are Sophie Nicholas,
Andrew H. Myers. Ida Gentry, son and
daughters of deceased, and Emma Beas
ler, a stepdaughter, and Herman P. Nich
olas and John W. Gentry, grandsons.
He leaves a third of his estate in trust
for Andrew Myers, and to his two daugh
ters he leaves tho balance of his property,
with the stipulation that they pay to Em
ma Bessler the sum of $25 a 'month. The
grandsons are left small bequests, and in
the event of the death of any of the heirs
they come inyfor their share.
Funeral of Pioneer Resident and
Hotel Man Takes Place Under
I. O. O. F. Auspices
HEIBS OF HENRY MYERS
FILE WILL FOR PROBATE
Conyers was about 30 years old, a native
of England. Letters from George W.
Conyers, a brother residing at Newmil
lerdam, near Wakefield, Yorkshire, Eng
land, were found in the dead man's room.
Conyers was a member of Housemovers'
Union No. 1 of this city. Coroner Mehr
mann held an inquest to-night.
fourcy, her theatrical name, was much
affected when the Coroner delivered the
message of death.
"Sam came to my rooms last evening,"
said Miss Seymour, "and we quarreled
because he tried to take a photograph
of a soldier from me. After I showed
him to the door, I told him he must be
have himself if he cared to call on me.
I said we could be friends, but I did not
believe he would take our trouble to heart
as he did.
"We had cuarreled before about this
soldier and Sam had gone away very an
gry. When I heard afterward that he
felt so badly I sent him a note to tell
him L-was sorry for what I had said to
him. The soldier is an unfortunate pris
oner at Alcatraz, because he deserted
from the army. I shall not reveal his
identity.
"Sam said once that if he should die
he wanted my picture to be burled with
him and his wish shall be gratified," con
cluded Miss Seymour, as she declared she
would care for the burial of the man who
killed himself for lovo of her.
WOMAN WHOSE REFUSAL TO SURRENDER A PHOTOGRAPH OF A
MILITARY PRISONER AT ALCATRAZ CAUSED SAMUEL CONYERS,
A HOUSE-MOVER, TO COMMIT SUICIDE. /
There will be an officers* balf at Franc's
Hall to-morrow evening. The officers are
making extensive preparations and it will
V*> the social event of the week.
in charge of the dance.
Sergeant William R. Raye of Company
A was principal in a. mock execution and
burial held in camp this evening. Raye
was led out by the drum and bugle corps.
Drums were muffled and the buglers
played mournful music. Behind Raye
rarne members cf the hospital corps bear
ing a stretcher and then came the mourn
ers. Cadets marched with mournful ex
pressions and gave vent to their unhappy
feelings by mock groans. Charges against
Raye were read by one of the officers ana
the* prisoner was blindfolded. Five cadets
armed with cap pistols aimed at a cross
<-;ver the prisoner's heart. At a signal
they fired and the prisoner fell to the
pround. He was placed on the stretcher
.-.r.fl the cadets eathered round him and
held cervices. Frank Cresalia preached
a sermon and the assembled cadets were
'< rvent in their responses. The supposed
•vad man was then carried back to his
tent. When they reached his tent Raye
was unceremoniously dumped ca the
pround. j
tenant D. L. Coghlan, Lieutenant P. J.
Gallagher, Sergeant G. F. Shaw, Sergeant
Frank Cresalia.
The first hattalion ball last evening was
a successful affair. The platform in the
park was crowded with dancers and spec
tators. The fair sex presented a striking
appearance in radiant dresses. There
was an aoundance of partners for the
ladies as all the cadets attended the af
fair. Lieutenant George Thompson was
"The Bumpers." an organization com
jiosed of leadinff members of the regi
ment, tendered a dinner to their friends
this evening. Speeches were delivered
and sonrs were sung by the hosts and
pucsts. '"The Bumpers" were represented
hy Captain W. J. Quinn. Captain J. E.
McCormick, Captain J. H. Johnston, Lieu-
in the vicinity on business. It is planned
to c!ve the friend of the regiment an
? laborate dinner.
The second battalion dance to-night was
an interesting affair. Music was furnished
by the regimental band. Dancing was
kept up until taps. The dance platform
is in the center of an immense park.
Chinese lanterns were used for decora
tive purposes and the effect was very
rretty. Major George V>*el<"h was floor
manager and Major Joseph E. Morrisey,
M. D., and Ljeutersant James E. Welch
¦were his assistants. The reception com
mittee consisted of the following officers:
< "aptain Eccles. Captain Johnson. Captain
Rapp, Lieutenant Maloney, Lieutenant
Smith. Lieutenant Hanley. Lieutenant
Burke. Lieutenant Fennessey. Floor com
mittee—Captain Leonard. Captain Morey.
IJeutenant Gittings. Lieutenant Turner,
Lieutenant Meagher, Lieutenant Cannelle.
Companies H and T enjoyed a bus ride
to Les Gatos to-day. The band went
s-crcnafiing this afternoon and the mem
l««*ry were received with hospitality by
the residents of the counts*.
in honor of the visitor. The Archbishop
occupied a seat in the grandstand and
derived great pleasure from the military
As the regiment marched past
fr*> was saluted by the officers. Later he
inspected the camp and was highly
rleased with the excellence cf the ar
rangements. He rxrspnally greeted the
boys and commended them for their
splendid showing. He enjoyed luncheon
m the officers* table.
An invitation has been sent to former
Mavcr James D. Phelan who has been
The long line of cadets in khaki uniforms
faced the cars and as the Archbishop
Mepped off the train he was greeted with
upraised sabers. "Hail to the Chief" was
r'-ayed by the band. Colonel Power and
Father O'Ryan escorted the prelate to
hi* carriage and the regiment marched
up town as his escort.
At the camp a dress parade was held
ment awaited his coming at the depot
HEADQUARTERS SAN FRANCISCO
'ALL, CAMP KENNEDY. SANTA
ji'LARA. July 23. — The Most Rev.
ijforge Montgomery, P. D. f visited camp
i his morning and was paid all the honors
«iue a distinguished churchman. The rep-
Fpe r ta.l Pi^ratch to The Call
League of the Cross Regiment
Parades Before th9
Prelate.
B. L. Fisher— Mr. Worthington's statement
In The Call looks much like a "bogle man." I
would not close out my business because of a
trifling dispute with my customers. That is
the position of the Southern Pacific with re
spect to Its Alameda patrons, according to
Mr. Wcrthlngton. The company will not de
sert Its patrons. That would be expensive and
unwise. I think the ; railroad company will
stay with us and that we,wlll all be happy yet
Frank N. Dodd, Alameda Land Company
Alameda has two franchises to grant. The
Southern Pacific desires to secure these two
franchises. We do not care to give them away
for nothing and the Southern Pacific should
not expect to get them for nothing. That
would not be business. Let us get together
and strike a bargain that will be fair and
satisfactory -to all concerned. It seems to me
however,/ thax the Southern Pacific has us on
the hip/ It has no opposition here and evi
dently does not fear any. else its tone would
be more conciliatory. There is no question but
what free local travel made Alameda famous
to the outside world. It was a good adver
tisement to the city and Induced many people
to locate here. Its restoration would helD
Alameda wonderfully. elp
City Trustee Charles J. Hammond— It is my
opinion that the railroad company will do right
by the people of Alameda If the people of Ala*
meda will do right by the railroad company
The five years which nearly 1600 residents have,
petitioned us to grant the franchises to the
Southern Pacific seem to me to be too short
I believe that many of those who signed the
petition, which also asks for the restoration of
free travel, realize now that five years Is not
long enough for franchises where such large
Interests and so much money and property are
Involved. It is my belief that the Southern
Pacific will accept the franchises on a twenty
or twenty-five year basis.
T. F. Balrd. secretary of the Board of Trade
— I was one of those who inaugurated the pub
lic discussion of the applications for franchises
filed by the Southern Pacific Company. Dis
cussion is good at times but again It may
work injury to a person or city if It is car
ried too far and descends to what s&vora of
demagegism. Much has been said on both
sldea. and personally I have done all that • I
am going to do in the matter. Alameda one*
had free local travel and prospered. I would
like to see . It restored. I understand that
Berkeley has free local travel: why should not
Alameda be accorded the same privilege? As
I have said, the matter has been argued pro
and con and is now submitted to the" City
Trustees. What they will do will settle all
adtatlon, and the sooner It Is settled the bet
ter. This agitation Is Injuring Alameda In
the eyes of the outside world.
Trade: >
I read In The Call what '-Mr. Worthington
is reported to have said about the Southern
Pacific withdrawing its service and leaving
Alameda oil the map . if his company is not
granted the franchises which it seeks at the
hands of our City Trustees. I am certain that
Mr. Worthington is a far seeing gentleman and
a business man, but I am not inclined to be
lieve that he meant all that he is credited with
saying. We do not wish to sever our rela
tions with the Southern Pacific. We need its
tservlce and I. am satisfied that they want to'
retain our patronage and good will. That Is
as it should be. We do not desire to deal un
fairly by the railroad company, for no good
ever comes of being or of trying tope unfair.
All that we have asked In exchange for tie
valuable franchises that the Southern Pacific
has applied for is that no fares be charged on
local trains from High street to West Ala
meda on the south-side line and from Park
street station to Mastlclr station on the north
side line. This request was framed after sev
eral mass-meetings and a petition signed by
nearly 1SW residents is now' on file with the
City Trustees. They are to be the final Judges
and whatever action they may take with re
spect to the franchises will be binding. It
has been said that some of the meetings held
were not representative. If that is true I hop«
that all citizens who consider themselves rep
resentative will come forward before this mat.
ter is settled and put themselves on record so
that there can be no regrets after all has been
disposed of.
City Trustee Dr. Henry May Pond — I have
not believed from the. beginning; of the fran
chise agitation that the Southern Pacific Com
pany would accept any franchises on terms of
five years. If I were a business man and were
about to invest a million dollars in the man
ner In which the railroad company says it in
tends to invest it in this city J would not be
willing to accept such a short franchise. It
would not b£ long enough to Insure that sta
bility necessary to operate large undertakings
profitably. I am also convinced that the South
ern Pacific is not irrevocabl-- committed to
fifty-year' franchises, although It haa asked
for them fomhat term of years. I think this
matter can be compromised In a way that will
be generally satisfactory.^. ¦- • ¦ • ¦
ALAMEDA, July 23. — Division Su
perintendent B. A. Worthington's state
ment published in The Call that if the
Southern Pacific cannot obtain from the
city of Alameda the two franchises it
seeks for its local roads the corporation
will withdraw from the city created a
tidal wave to-day in > the, railroad agita
tion that has stirred the municipality in
all its precincts for the last three weeks.
While Worthington's statement is gen
erally accorded official credit there, are
many who believe that the Southern Pa
cific is not overlooking the little game of
bluff in its endeavors to influence pub
lic opinion with respect to the franchises.
The residents that profess to see a "hold
up" move on the part of the railroad
company assert that it is unreasonable
to think that the Southern Pacific would
desert Alameda and leave the way open
to other corporations to come into pos
session of the valuable privileges it has
made use of for more than a 1 quarter of
a century. Others fear that the South
ern Pacific may be forced to such an ex
tremity if. the franchise is not handled
properly. They feelthat now is the crit
ical time in the negotiations and that
coolness and caution should be exercised
to the limit before action is taken. Here
are some of the views of prominent local
business men and city officials. Henry
Rosenthal, president ot, the Board, of
Official's View on- Franchise
• Question Arouses Much
Peeling.
Alamedans Are Excited
by Statements of
Worthingtoru
Camp Kennedy Visited
by Most Rev. George
Montgomery.
Samuel Conyers Shoots and Kills Himself Because
Mollie Seymour, the Woman He Loved, Would
Not Give Up Picture of a Prisoner at Alcatraz
PHOTOGRAPH OF SOLDIER
IS CAUSE OF TRAGEDY
RAILROAD ISSUE
GROWS SERIOUS
CADETS WELCOME
AN ARCHBISHOP
THE SAN FBAKCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 24, 1903.
Handsome Stations,; Hand-Carved Designs, a Chandelier
-Made of Antlers, and Many Other Features Render
the Lodge Room One of the Finest* in the World
OAKLAND ELKS' NEW HOME
IS A CASTLE OF BEAUTY
9
THE OLD HOMESTEAD.
--•¦ ' -¦' ¦ BY "7 ; . • -\
HENRY P. SMITH.
The Art Supplement with the
Sunday Call of July 26 will
make . a most' attractive picture
if framed with three or four
inch \ "Flemish dark .* green oak
and. powdered gold ornamenta-
tions. .
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TEETH WITHOUT PLATES.
¦ Why wear a bulky plate when you can have
brldgework for the cost or material? Natural-
looking 'and serviceable appliances reads wttb
22-k. gold by an expert and fully guaranteed.
¦ArtUUc gold. crowns and fillings. .StSBfi
Tcetb extracted f re*. Graduates only.
Teeth cleaned free. ' Palnle» method*.
Week Uay.-. 0 to 0. Sundays; 9 to 1.
POST-OSADTJATE DENTAL COZ.X.EOS
San Francisco-— 3 Taylor S treat.
Oakland— 973 Wasntngton Str««t.
Ban Joso — 19 East Santa Clara StxtrkTime Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Of flee, - U. S. N"., Mer*
• chants' Exchange, Ean Francisco, Cal..
July. 23. 1903.
The Time Ball on ; the Ferry building was
dropped exactly, at noon. to-day — i.,e.. at noon
of the 120th meridian, or at 8 p. m.. Green
wich time. . J. C. BURNETT, •
Lieutenant, U.- S. N.. In charge.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodct-.c Survfy—
TO SAIL.
! t ' -¦ '
Stctmer. Destination. Balls. | Pier.
Jnly 24. ' I
Corona Huroboldt 1:30 p|Pier 10
Herodot..... Hamburg & Way.. 2 pm.Pler '£.%
Ramona San Pedro & Way, tt amlPier l'J
•Inly 25. |
Samoa Los Angeles Ports. 9 am|Pler 2
Newburg Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
Chlco Coqullle River .... 6 pm Pier 2
Olympic Whatcom & Falrhn 5 pm Pier 2
Umatlila Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
City Sydney. N. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier ly
Alameda Honolulu 11 am Pier 7
Jnly 26.
S. Rosa San Diego & Way.. 9 am Pier 19
San Pedro.. Uos Angeles Ports. 4 pm Pier 2
Jnly 27.
S. Barbara.. Seattle & Olympla. 4 pm Pier 2
S. Monica... Grays Harbor ..... * pm Pier 2
Montara.... Seattle | 4 pm Pier —
Argo Eer Kiver Ports 1 4 pm Pier 2
Pomona Hur.iLoldt |l:30 p|Pier 1&
G.W.Klder.. Abtorla & Portlandjll amlPier 24
J. Dollar, Seattle & Tacoma.. (10 am|Pler 2
I't. Arena... Point Arena I 4 pmlPier 2
July 2S. I
Eureka Hutpbolrit 0 am|Pler IS
Arcata Cool B.& Pt.Orford 4 pm Pier. 13
Coronado... Los Angeles Ports. 12 m Pier 10
Lothian China & Japan:... 1 pm Pier 11
Coos Bay:.. Newport & \Va>.. a pmifier l\»
Argyll Nome direct I
.Inly 20. !
Iaqua Eureka direct....:. 9 am|Pier 2
llival Willapa Harbor.... 4 pin f wr z
July rtO.
State of Cal. San Dic-ko &. Way. 9 am Pier 13
Queen Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
July 31. "
North Fork.. Humboldt 5 pm Pier i
N. Maru.... China & Japan.... 1 pmlPier 40
Nevadan Hnolulu & Kahulul 3 pmlPier 20
AuKOit 1. . |
Columbia... Astoria & Poitlandlll amlPi<!r 2t
Newport.... N. Y. via Panama!12 m| Pier 40
Ansrimt' H: | |
Centennial.. Seattle A Tacoma. .110 amlPier. 2
AtlR'UM 1.
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. |11 am|Pier 9
Alliance Eureka & Coos Bay| |. .......
FROM SEATTLE, j
Steamer. - For. Sails.
Citf Seattle.. Skagway & Way Ports. July- £rt
Kara lion Skagway & Way Ports. July 27
Dolphin...... Skagway & Way Ports.jJuly 23
Nome City... Cooks Inlet & Way Pts July 2j
CltyTopeka.. Skagway & Way Ports.|July M
•Ohio Nome & St Michael... | Aug.. 1
Kxcelsior Cooks Inlet & Way Pts.JAus. 1
Aztec Nome ••• '. .. .|Aug. 1
Cottage City. . Skagway & Way Ports. |Aug. 3
Roanoktf Nome & St, Michael..: (Aug. i
Al-Kl.. .Bkagway & Way Ports.|Aug. 4
Dirigo Skagway & Way Ports|Aug. 4
benater Nome |AU«.. a
| Bertha Cooks Inlet & Way Pts|Aug. 7
To China — 5260 bbls flour, - 1497 lbs raisins,
1&81 en canned roods. 8709 lbs 2 cs cheese,
7626 lbs beans. 1575 lb* 12 c* dried fruit, 4987
lbs ham and bacon, 14,523 lbs ' dried fish, 5I(>
Iba hops. 300 lb« tea, J01 pkgs groceries and
provisions, 46 c» salmon, 5000 lbs pearl barley,
1381 lbs ginseng. 759 lbs butter. 3*25 lbs 11 cs
mllletuff*, 700. lbs nuts, 2740 \t* lard. 45 bxs
paste. 2180 lbs coffee. 2952 lbs chocolate. 446
pkes fresh fruit. 500 lbs peas, 1940 lbs 10 cs
codfish. S1O lbs hops, 810 pkgs table prepara
tion v, 50 cs syrup, 3 ca liquors, 125 bbls beer.
S cs "brandy, 4503 gals 48 cs wine, 213 cs rub'
To Jai>an— 2210 bbls flour. 15.330 lbs dried
fruit. 7fc*4 lbs butter. 1865 lbs cheese. 2040 lbs
tea, 2750 lbs sugar, 1686 lbs ham and bacon,
236 gals wlno, 1000 ctls wheat, 645 lbs butter.
32 pkgs groceries and provisions. 71 en canned
good*. 495 lbs lard. 0 cs syrup. 21 ctls oats. 6
ce whisky, 997 gall alcohol. 42 pkgs machin
ery, 210 rolls 25 pkgs leather, 23.M1 ft lumber.
67 pkt« bicycles and sundries.- 2S00 lbs crude
rubber. 3 bbls oil, 200 bags bones, 6 cs caps
and fuse, 16 pkgM rubber goods, 33 pkgs drugs,
6 reels wire rope, 13 kegs nails.
The steamer Doric sailed yesterday for
Hongkong, via Honolulu and Yokohama, with
a general merchandise cargo valued at (212,030.
exclusive of treasure, and distributed as fol
lows: For Japan. $C5,589; China, f 135, 036;
Philippine Islands, $14,992; East Indies, $2994;
Korea. $30<»; Vladivostok, $1250. The. leading
exports were us follows:
The Doric's Cargo.
The British steamer Inverness, which arrived
from Moji en Wednesday, was chartered prior
to arrival for lumber from Puget Sound to
two ports In China at 37s Cd. «
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
•
NEWS OF THE OCEAN:
The American Hawaiian Steamship Com
pany" a Alaskan arrived yesterday, ' 62 days
from New York. She called at -Cororiel and
was tr.-enty-one and a half days coming from
that port.
W. P. Leonard, mate of the bark C. D.
Bryant, fell Into the bay early yesterday from
Lombard -street wharf. He was pulled out and
taken to the Harbor Hcepltal.
Arrives From New York.
Falls Overboard.
The Russian bark Hermes, which has been
on the overdue list for some tjmt, arrived
yesterday at Shanghai. 136 days from Fre
mantle. The rate of reinsurance on the Helen
Brewer wu advanced to 40 per cent.
Louis Baclgalupi. who lives at 416 Fifth
street, and follows the scavenger business,
clipped on an East-street stairway yesterday
and with a huge bucket of ashes rolled to the
bottom. At the Harbor Hospital Dr. Dlgglns
found that Baclgalupi had broken four ribs
and sustained several severe lacerations of
the bc«J:> and fece.
» . -
Overdue Bark Arrives.
Lieutenant Commander A. F. Fechteler of
the navy, who left here as navigator of the
Iowa and was Executive of that battleship
when she recently went out of commission. Is
spending part of his !;ave of absence in this
city. Commander Fechteler was for some time
In charge of the local branch of the Hydro
graphic Office and from the quarterdeck of his
nhore command made many friends in the lo
cal commercial world.
• •
Scavenger's Bad Fall.
Commander Fechteler in Town.
While many sailing ships are arriving at
this port, the fleparture of a foreign wind
jammer Is becoming something of a rarity. The
French ships, whose bounty helps to sweeten
the low-freight pill, are about the only ones
that find occasion these days to go farther than
Oakland Creek. Sausalito or Martinez after
discharging the cargo they bring here. Yester
day, however, a British sailing ship, the Drura
cralg. went to sea and the sailing attracted
quite a little attention. She is under charter
to the Charles Nelson Company, and is go-
Ing to Sydney. Although she files the British
flag, the Drumcralg Is not exactly a llme-
Julcer. being owned In this city.
Sails for Sydney.
James Olsen, a member of the crew of
the steamer State of California, who *ras
Injured last Wednesday morning by fall
lryj Into the hold, died at 2 o'clock yester
day morning in the Harbor Hospital. He
was working between decks, leaning on a
chain, which gave way and he fell Into
the hold, sustaining a fracture of the
Fkull.
Olsen's Skull Broken.
Steamer. j From. . I Due.
Chlco ! Coquille River July 21
G. W. Elder.. I Portland & Astoria.... July 2*
Silesia > Hamburg & Way Porta. July 1'i
Point Arena.. Point Arena July 21
Arctic Humboldt |July 24
Minnetonka.. Seattle i.Iuly 25
Newburg San Pedro ,. jJuly 25
M. Dollar Everett '. . July 25
.Pomona Humboldt July 25
Argo Eel River Ports July 25
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. July 25
Coos Bay Newport & Way Ports. July 25
Rival ( Willapa Harbor July 23
Hero j Oyster Harbor .JJuly 2".
Montara | Seattle I July 23 •
'l itaina. .' | Nanaimo I July 2«
Mlneola Tacoma I July 20
San Pedro Humboldt [July ::«
Eureka Humboldt (July -••
Queen Puget Sound Ports IJuly Vtf
S. Barbara ... I San Pedro «. I July 27
S.Monica.... San Pedro |July 27
Chehalis Grays Harbor iJuly Zl
Ventura | Sydney & Way Ports... July 27
State of Cal.. j San Diego & Way Ports July 2T
Coronado ' Grays Harbor, July 28
North Fork...! Humboldt July 28
<*orona ! Humboldt IJuly 28
Czarina j Coos Bay | July 28
Curacao Mexican Ports I July 'Sit
City Para | New York via Panama. July a9
Ramona j San Pedro & Way Ports July 29
Columbia I Portland & Astoria July 20
Centennial... Seattle & Tacoma July 2l>
Santa Rosa... San Diego & Way Ports|July 31
City Puebla.. Puget Sound Ports IJuly ;;i
Siberia China & Japan IJuly 31
CUverlng China & Japan IJuly 31
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. [Aug. 1
Denderah . Seattle |Aug. 1
Rainier ' Seattle & Whatcom |Aug. 4
COOS BAY— Arrived July 23— Stmr ArcataY
hence July 20; stmr Acme, from Sluslaw.
SEATTLE— Arrived July 23 — Stmr Ohio,
from Nome. July 22— Stmr City: of Seattle,
from Skagway. July. 23-rStmr City of Puebla,
hence July 20. ; ' t ;;
> SalUd July 22— Stmr Cottage City, for Skag
,way. J . ¦ . ¦ . •
1 TATOOSH— Passed out July 23— Stmrs Mel
ville "Dollar and Nor ¦ stmr Tltanla, : for San
Francisco: ship Henry Failing, .low". Sydney;
Nor stmr Hero, from Ladysmith, for San Fran
cisco. . ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ , '.¦'¦
Patsed July 23— Sohr Mlndora. hence July 3,
for Port Plakeley; ship Charmer,, hence July 2,
tor Port Townsend. •
UMPQUA— Sailed July 18— Schr Lily; for
San Francisco. - " ' ' ¦ " . . •. \ ¦ '
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed July' 22— Stmr
Newsboy, for San Francisco; schr Zampa. for
San- Francisco;' schr ."Volant, for. San Fran
cisco. . :¦-.-. . .'
SalUd 'July 23— Schr Edward R West, for
Capei Town. • .
EUREKA— Arrived' July 23— Nor- bark C
Tobias, ..from .Levuka; stmr Alliance, hence
July 22. .
• SalUd July 23 — Bktn Andromeda, for Sydney.
PORT. LOS ANGELES— Sailed July 23-^-
Stmr Santa Monica, for San Francisco.
. PORT LUDLOW— Sailed July 23— Schr R W
Bartk-tt, for San -Francisco. •
¦. REDONDO— Arrived July 23— Stmr Santa
Monica, from Port ' Los Angeles. ' . •.•.„' :
; SAN PEDRO— Arrived July. 23— Stmr West
port, f rom Westport. > T ;- . . . .
Sailed July 23— Etmr Coos Bay, for San
Francisco. ¦ • ¦ ¦ . •: '
-ASTORIA— Sailed July 23— Schr John A, for
San 'Francisco; bktn John - Palmer, '-' for : San
Frajiclsco. - * . , . < .- - \ U
; PORT : . TOWNSEND— Passed In , July 23—
Stmr; Olympla, from * Hongkong, for • Tacoma ;
Ger "Btmr Denderah. from * Seattle, for Van
couver. ™ .;:'._.-...: " ;-. .. -.- . • i. '< .-.
'NOME— In port July 15-^-Stmr Aztec, from
DOMESTIC PORTS
SPOKEN
Per Btmr Alaakan— July 5. lat 24 30 S. Ion
81 40 W. 13r ship Beacon 'Kock, from Junin, for
United Kingdom. . -
Per tus Sea Rovpr— July 23, at 7 a m, 10
miles W. of Cordell Banks, schr Volunteer,
from ,Cooa Bay, for San Francisco. ¦
SAILED.
' Thursday, July 23.
Stmr Iaqua, Bnnlfleld, Eureka.
Stmr State of California, Thomas, San Diego.
Stmr Eureka, Jf-Epen, Eureka.
Stmr Phoenix, (Miami, Mendoclno. ¦
Stmr San Mateo. Locke. Tacoma.
Stmr Halnier. Hans»n. Seattle. .
Stmr National City, Johnson, Fort Bragg.
Stmr Sout'i Coast. Olsen, Caspar.
Stmr Noyp. Ellef»en. ' Fort Bragsr.
Stmr Aurelln, Peterson, Grays Harbor. •
Stmr Centralla, Erlccson, Grays Harbor.
Stmr Alcatiaz, Carlson, Mendocjno.
Br stmr Doric, Smith, Hongkong and Yoko
hama, via Honolulu.
Br ship Drumcraig, McCalluni. Sydney.
Bktn Retriever, Sloane. Port Hadktck.
fcchr Mary C. Campbell,. Bodega.
Schr Chas R Wilson, Johnson. Grays Harbor.
TELEGRAPHIC. "
POINT LOBOS. July 23. 10 p m— Weather
clear; wind SW, velocity 14 mile,s per hour.
CLEARED.
Thursday; ''July 23.
Stmr Rainier, Hansen, Seattle; \ Pollard
Steamship Co.
Stmr Corona, Johnson, Eureka; Pacific Coast
Steamship Co.
Btmr Ramona, Eagles, San Pedro; Pacific
Ccast Steamship Co.
Br stmr Doric. Smith, Hongkong and Yoko
hama, via Honolulu; O & O S3 Co.
Thursday, July 2.1.
Stmr Alcatraz, Carlson, 40 hours from Port
Los Angeles.
Stmr Scotia, Erlckson. 11 hours from Bowens
Landing.
Stmr Del Norte, Green, 32 hours from Cres
cent City.
• Stmr Navarro. Weber, 11 hours from Bihlers
Point.
Stmr James Dollar, Thwlng, S2 hours from
Seattle.. .
Stmr Brooklyn, Hlgglns, 15 hours from Fort
Bragg.
Stmr Alaskan. Nichols, fi2 days from New
York, via Coronel 21 ',i days.
Stmr Signal. Bendegard, 52 hours from Coos
Bay.
Etmr Gipsy, Leland. 22 hours from Monterey.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, 43 hours from
San Diego, etc.
. Tug Sea Itover, Thompson, 24 hours from
Eurpka.
Schr Ellen Gunderson. Larsen, 7. hours from
Bolinas; up river direct.
Schr Fnrtuna. Eriksen, 4 days from Eureka.
Schr Bessie K, Merriam, 19 hours from Pan
Vicente Landing.
Shipping- Intelligence.
\RP.IVED
¦__ FRIDAY, JULY 24.
Sun rises 1 5 :05
Sun sets 7:27
Moon rises (new) 0:00 p. m.
P (Time . Tlmel Time Time
2. I Ft. 1 Ft. Ft. Ft.
? |L W H W| L W H W
23 I *-20l— 1.1|11:31 6. 0| 4:091 2.C[10:10J «..'.
21 5:05 — 1.211*2:14 5.2 5:02 2.4 11:10i 6.2
25 5:51—1.112:55 5.3 5:56 2.3 |
H W !L W H W • L Wl .
2(5 0:05 fi.0 6:36 — 0.S 1:35 5?5 «:5l| 2.1
27 a:m r>.r,i 7:20— 0.3 2:15 5.r 7:.vji 1.0
28 2:02| 5.2 8:CG| 0.3| 2:59 B.7 S:58 1.7
2-J 3:0Sj 4.7| S:5O|.:O.5»! 3:43 : 0.6 10:00, .' 1.6
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and. the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as.
sometimes occurs. .The heights given are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the heights, and then the number
given Is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the
mean of the lower low waters.
Seattle; stmr Gussie Brown, from Seattle; stmr
Corwln, from Seattle.
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU — Arrived July 2-V-Stmr Siberia,
from Yokohama.
Sailed July 23 — Schr J H Lunsman, for As
toria;, stmr Siberia, for San Francisco.
Arrived July 23— Bktn Koko Head, from
Newcastle. NSW.
ELEELE— Sailed July 22— Schr Robert R
Hind, for San Francisco..
MANILA— Arrived July 22— Schr George E
Billings, from Port Gamble.
EASTERN PORTS. "
NEW YORK— Sailed July 23 — Br atmr Lady
JoU-ey. for Valparaiso.
PHILADELPHIA— Arrived July 22— Stmr
Hawaiian, from Hllo."
. . FOREIGN PORTS. • . . .
COLON — Arrived July 21 — Stmr Seguranca,
from New York.
' Sailed July 22— Stmr Alllanca. for New York.
LISBON— Arrived July 21 — U S stmr Chi-,
cago. from .
PORT SAID— Sailed July 20— Br stmr Sella
sia. for Delaware Breakwater. *
TENERIFFE— Sailed prior to July 21— Ger
stmr Serapl?, for S-an Francisco.
LIZARD— Passed July 20— Br ehlp Netherby,
from London, for Honolulu. .
ANTWERP— Sailed July 21— Br ship Thistle
bank, for Port Los Angeles. .
BARCELONA — Sailed July 18 — Spanish stmr
Isla de' Luzon, for Manila.
CHERBOURG— Sailed July 17 — Fr bark La
Fontaine, for Oregon.
KOBE— Arrivfd July 22— Bktn Makawell,
from Vancouver.
DOVER— Passed July 22— Ger Btmr Totmes,
hepce March 18, for Hamburg.
SHANGHAI— Arrived July 23 — Russ bark
Hermls, from Fremantle.
NEWCASTLE, Aus— Sailed July 23— Br ship
Strathgryfe, for San Francisco.
VICTORIA — Arrived July 23 — Br stmr Iris,
from Honolulu. - *
Yesterday the Supreme Court confirmed
the sale of two pieces of land in Sonoma
County. It was made by the executors
of the estate of I. G. Wickersham. The
validity of the transaction was contested
by. Cora, wife of Frank Wickersham, who
was a son of decedent. The court also
decided that Anna McPhee must pay to
Maud Townsend the sum of $5000 which
was borrowed for the purpose of purchas
ing bonds of the famous "Woman's Rail
road" which was to run out of Stockton
to some place in Tuolumne County. .
Supreme Court Ends' Disputes.
Old age and the effects of an ill-spent
Jtfe have bo much enfeebled George
Brown, an imprisoned counterfeiter, that
United States Marshal Shine transferred
him yesterday from the Broadway Jail
to the City and County Hospital. Brown
1? 78 years old and has passed the greater
part of his existence in the penitentiaries
of this Sta.t«. He is being held pending
triaJ in the United States District Court
for being found with counterfeiting tools.
Counterfeiter Bro-sra Dying.
ber shoe*. 4SS railroad ties. 1625 bales cotton
domestics, 41 cs ammonia, 22 pkgs rubber
goods, 25 pkgs leather, 7 pkga tank material,
29 pkgs pipe, 25 pkgs machinery. 49 bxs soap,
102 cs cigarettes, 6221 lbs tobacco, 102 pkgfc
dry goods, 104 cs paints, 17 pkgs drugs.
To Philippine Islands— 1317 lt» bread. 404 es
canned fruit. 23 pkgs groceries and provisions,
3«O lbs meals. 2600 lbs dried fruit. 13 pkgs
fresh vegetables, 5 cs syrup, 810 lbs candy,
1500 lbs coffee, 16S cs liquors, 241 gals brandy.
150 gals 20 rs wine, 78 cs boots and shoes, 18
pkgs electrical supplies. 1 cs hats. 9 pkgs dry
goods, 30 cs paints, 14 pkga drugs, 50 bbls oil.
To East Indies— 11.273 lbs dried fruit, 443
lbs raMns. 350 lbs nuts, 1110 lbs hope, 101 gals
wine, 62 cs malt, 310 cs canned fruit, 1C2 cs
salmon.
To Korea — 78 bbls flour, 020 lbs meals. 39 cs
canned goods. 14 pkgs groceries and provisions,
600 lbs butter. 100 pkgs machinery, 10 cs elec
trical supDlles. 200 lbs sugar. 30tt lbs copper,
2 cs soap, 1 bale twine, 1 pkg dry goods.
To Vladivostok — 5 pkgs machinery.
Movements of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE
carried abouf 50 passengers, most
ly for Hongkong. Among them were .bus
iness men and missionaries, but the ma
jority were tourists, to whose going and
coming there is no end.
The Doric carried away 3250 tons of
freight. This included 1600 tons of flour
and 50,000 feet of lumber. She also took
silver treasure valued at $200,000.
Her passengers were:
For Yokohama — Romulo Castaneda and E.'
R. Kellogg.
For Shanghai — William Booth, Mrs. H.
Brockj. T. H. Lee, Mrs. M. Lewis and Mrs.
P. Irvine, Infant and maid.
For Hongkong — Rev. J. Anon. M. S. Beal,
Mrs. T. S. BeaJ Jr., Mies C. L. Buckley, M.
J. Byrne. B. Campbell, Mrs. B. Campbell, Mao
ter Robert L. Campbell. J. L. Conner, A. V.
Dalrymple, C. S. Darline. T. Delgado.- F. V.
Doherty, J. R. Duggan. W. H. Finch. Mrs. W.
H. Finch. A. J. Ftnlay. Mrs. C. L. Gorham,
V. H. Gregg. Mrs. J. Hall, G. G. Hard, Mrs.
B. B. Ingersoll, Mrs. E. V. • Johnson. Mrs.
Major W. C. Lengfltt. Rev. M. 'Martin, L. H.
McAdowJ Mies E. McDonald. J. A- MeManns,
M. L- Monson. Mrs. J. J. Peterson. Miss M.
Peterson. H. M. Phillips, J. B. Powers. M.
J. Ryan. W. 1>. Shuck, A. B. Switrer. Edward
Taylor. H. S. Walker, C. A. Wenzel and Miss
C. Wilson.
To Join at Honolulu — J. R. Steers and Mrs.
J. R. Steers.
p i| HE Occidental and Oriental
I Steamship Company's Doric sailed
11 yesterday for the Orient. In addl
* tion to a number of Chinese, she
Times ' and Heights of H!«h and Low
Waters at Fort Point. entrai;e to San
Francisco Bay. Published •)> - ctfloial au
thority of the Superintendent. |
NOTE — The. high and low w?t?r» occur f>t
the city front (Mission— ttoet wharf) about
twenty-five minutes lat"! 1 " than nt Fort Point;
the* height of tide I* the same at both places.
BRITISH VESSEL. OWNED IN THIS CITY BUT OBLIGED TO RETAIN HER OLD WORLD REGISTER AND FLY A
FOREIGN FLAG, WHICH SAILED YESTERDAY FOR SYDNEY AND WHOSE DEPARTURE ATTRACTED
SOME ATTENTION ALONG THE WATER FRONT.
After the District Attorney had con
cluded his address, about 3:20 o'clock.
Juror Judge asked that the charge be
postponed till this morning, and it was so
ordered. During the District Attorney's
scathing arraignment the defendant sat
perfectly cool, chewing prum and keeping
his shifting eyes away from his accuser.
"This," concluded the District Attor
ney, "was one of the most diabolical
crimes ever committed in any part of this
State. This brute at the bar beats a de
fense'ess woman on the head and on the
face with the butt end of a revolver and
threatens to blow her brains out unless
ehe tells him where she kept her dia
monds. There is the o.uintet, Docia Nolan,
Mike Nolan, Bernard Whltelaw, John
Davis and Lupton, over one of whom the
Ehadow of the gallows has fallen, all
marching on to the same goal, and White
law is the blackrst, foulest and most dia
bolical of them all. In every lineament of
his face the words thug, villain and
ecoundrel are written."
It was agreed among counsel that each
¦would take only half an hour, so that the
Judge would be in a position to charge
the jury about 2:3'.' o'clock and a verdict
might be reached that evening. Attor
ney Carl E. Lindsay made the opening
address for the people, and was followed
by Attorneys Farquhar and Barnes for
the defense. District Attorney Byington
made the closing argument. He analyzed
the evidence, claiming that there were at
least five reputable witnesses besides Mrs.
Matthews who had positively identified
the defendant. No stronger case had in
his opinion ever been presented to a jury.
Bernard Wfcitelaw, one of the trio of
thugs charged with the robbery of Mrs.
Emma V. Matthews at the home of her
daughter. Mrs. Ida E. Tuttle, 543 Halght
street, on the afternoon of March 4, will
i.ot know hit fate till to-day. It was ex
pected that the case would go to the Jury
yesterday afternoon, but after the ad
dresses of counsel one of the Jurors. Hugh
Judge, asked that the court delay Its
charge till this morning, which was
agreed to.
¦When the care was called yesterday
mcrnlng the defense put John Davis on
the stand to testify as to letters he had
received In the City Prison from Bertha
Grills. Ruby Grills was called to testify
ln rebuttal, and the defendant was re
caJled. Bertha Grills, Walter \H. ScholL
John Mahoney and B. F. Lehigh also tes
tified for the defense on unimportant
points, and the case was submitted about
11:30 o'clock.
Special rates have been made with the
Southern Pacific and. the Santa Fe rail
roads as follows:
Purchase a one-way first-class ticket. a;i<J ask
the agent to give you a certificate, which you
must, retain. .This certificate, when signed by
the secretary of the convention, will entitle you
to one-third on return fare. »
Steamship companies have allowed not and
one-half fare for the round trip.'. Full p»lce to
be paid for ticket, and, upon presenting Iht
same to the secretary of the convention and
having his signature attached thereto, the '.-lit
In the rate will be refunded to you.
The committee on reception and enter
tainment consists of the following: .
Ed L. Wagner -(chairman;, Frank Shannon
(vice chairman), Gustave Pohlmann (3#crevary»,
Ed L. Head (treasurer), Charles G. Naglv T.
J. Fltzslmmons, Thomas G. Knight. A. L.
Learn. Louis Levin, M. C. Morgans^. ¦ F. ,U.
Mullln, Jesse Marks, Robert H. Rus.Mi. E. L.
Wadham. James F. Cheetham. J. L. H«rs*t, H.
I. Mulcrevy and Bert Laws.
The delegates to the convention from
San Francisco Aerie No. 5 are: .
James F. Cheetham, Harry I. Mulcrevy. Ed
ward L. Wagner, Gustave Pohlmann. Ed L.
Head, Harry Baehr. Oscar Hocks, Charles G.
Nagle. Thomas H. Lindsay, Charles M. Flsh«»r.
Daniel C. Anglum, Al C. Berthler, Jbniej W.
Boyce, Judge George H. Cabaniss. William
Clack, Frank Dunn. Charles Kenneally, Henry
Kuhlg. Charles McClain, Samuels Michael,
George L. Sharp, Thomas J. Chaney ami D. J.
Creamer.
The delegates from Golden Gate Aerie
No. 61 are' as follows:
John L. Herget, James P. . Dockery. Dr.
Thomas B. W. Leland, Bert Laws. Frank Shan
non, Lewis Chester. F. Anderson. Edward Mur
phy, M. J. Daly. Benjamin F. Hanlon, John E.
McDougald, Dr. J. J- Kingwell and A. A. .Van
Hovenberg. -
The next Grand Aerie will meet In
New York City September 4.
One of the chief purposes" of the Eagles
is to work in favor of liberal laws on
all subjects pertaining to the liquor in
terest and allied trades. The order has
charity features and is one of the larg
est in the country.
Tuesday afternoon — The floor teams of aeries
No. 6 and No. 61 will exemplify the secret
work of the order. In the evening delegates
and visiting Eagles will I •* *ul'!rc:i:iu-U by th«
Nell-Morosco Company at the California Thea
ter. • ¦•.¦•¦
The first annual j session of the State
convention of the Fraternal Order of
Eagles of California will be held in this
city at Eagles- Hall. 731 Market street,
beginning August 3.
State Deputy James F. Cheetham will
call the convention to order. : j
The programme so far as arranged Is
as follows:
Monday, August 3 — Opening -of convention.
In the evening a smoker and entertainment at
tli«l» hall. ...--,
District Attorney Denounces
Defendant in Scathing
Terms.
Lodgeroom Work Will Be
Combined With Social
Enjoyments.
Case Is Closed and the
Counsel Address the
Jury.
Eagles Soon to t Meet in
an Annual State
Convention..
Takes Away Many Passengers, Among Them a Large
Number of Tourists and Some Missionaries— Bears
Silver Treasure Worth $200,000 and 1600 Tons Flour
WHITELAW'S FATE
STILL PENDING
SECRET ORDER
WILL CONVENE
DORIC LEAVES FOR ORIENT
WITH LARGE GENERAL CARGO
THE SAN r FEA^ CISCO ¦ CALL, FKIDAY, JXJLY 24, 1903.
10
COKFAGBIE GENEZALS TRAKEATLANTI3:i
VIRZCT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. m+^.
Balltnt every Thursday, install of "^jTicrti
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from Pier 42, »-jBHe»
North River, foot of Morton street.
Flrst-clasa to Havre. $70 and upward. Sec-
ond-class to .Havre, (4S and upward. CEV-
KRAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson Building-)
New Tork. J, F. FUGAZI & CO.. Paclttc Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue, San FYanclsco
Tickets cold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
Slare isUad and Vallejo Steamer*.
fiteamer GEN. FRISBIE or MOXT1CELLO—
P:i5 a. rr... 3:15 and 8:30 p. rn.. except Sunday.
Sunday. »:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leaves Vallejoi
T a. rn.. 12:30 noon. 6 p. m.. ex. Sunday. . fcun-
«ay. 7 a. nj.. 4:15 p. m. Fsltc, no cents. Tel.
Main 1508. Pier 2. UiESion-ct. dock. HATCH
1ROS.
BAILWAY TBAVEL.
Cdlifornid
Limited...
To CHICAGO
B@l§ For Those Who
SANTA FE TBAINS
, Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
~ I Local I Llip'd I Local I Ov'rl'd
: > 1 Dally | Dally | Dally | Dally
Lv. San Fran.. 7:30 a 0:30 a 4:00 pi 8:00 p
Ar Stockton... 10:40 a 12:01 p 7:10 p|ll:18 p
" Merce.1 l:0Kp 1:55 p ..j '1:2b. a
"Fresno .... 2:40 p 3:20 p.. ..... 3:15 a,
"Hanford... 4:BS p 4:07 p ....;.". 7:50 a
" Vlsalla .... 4:55 p 4:48 p .'...... 5:0O a
" Bakersfield 7:15. p 6:00 p ....... 7:35 a
" Kansas City ... 2:35 a ....... 7:00 a,
11 Chicago .......... 2:15 p ....... 8:47 p
a for morning: p for afternoon. -
.7:30 a. in. Dally Is Bakersfleld Local, stop-
ping at all points in San Joaquln Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:55 *.: m. dally..
W:."0 a. m. Monday and Thursdiy ¦¦la the
CALIFORNIA IiIMITED, carrying- Pal-
ace Sleeping 1 Cars and. .'Dining Cars
through to Chicago. Chair car runs to Bakers-
field for accommodation of local first-class pas-
sengers. , ' No second-class 'tickets are honored
on this. train. Correspondirtg train arrives s at
11:10 v. '" m. Tuesday and Friday. „ ¦ -.- ; .. ,,
U:30 a. m. Dally,.' Valley Limited,' Composite
Car and Reel Intnc Chair Car between Bakers-
fleld and San - Francisco. Corresponding train,
arrives : at 11 :10 p.* m. ¦ daily. 'i.*ir>*e&ttcjffa*i*i[fj
¦' 4 :00 p.~ m. .' Is Stockton Local.-. Corresponding
train arrives at 11:10 a. m. dally. . ,
: 8:00 . p. i m. Dally Is • the Overland Express
with through Palace and Tourist ' SJeepers . and
Free.. Reclining : Chair Cars to ¦ Chicago; , "also
Palace Sleeper.' which cuts out at Fret-no. Cor-
responding train arrives at 6:25 p. m. daily.
¦ Personally conducted parties for Kansas City'
Chicago and". East leave ' San Francisco: every
Monday.'. Thursday and Saturday at 8 p. m. ..
Offices — ft41 Market street and In- Ferry «De-
, pot," ¦; San *> Francisco; 1112 Broadway,- Oakland.
rn ..j^hi JyfrtrBTi^fSva^-mr -n^-rniai it i itin nrrfr it -tumi i n mllBii !m i ¦ i « -^ - .- J
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Xrmlna Imtc and ar* due to a.rrtv« »*
!tA>' FKANCISCO.
ptitm Line, foot of Market 8tree«.>
|aiaT« - r»OM Jp»a 21, lJ<a. - *mq
7.00a Benlcla. Sulfun, Klmtra and Sscra-
mento v£r
74»a Vaearnie, Winters. Bnmjey....... 7^S»
7 JO a Martinez. Saa Ramon. VaUeto
Naps. Callstog*. SaaU Boea §«e
7.30a Nlles. Lathrop. Stockton 7.26»
8 00* DaYU.Wood!an<!. KnldhtsLaadln*.
MaryaTllle. OroTlUe. (conaeets
• t Marrsvllle tor Grldley. 151s;»
andChlfo) «Z-2s*
I CO* Ay»ntleExpresa-Og<lea»ndEa*t. 1C.2Sa
8-OOa Port Costa, Martinez. Antloch. By-
rou.Tracy,Stockton. Sacramento.
Loa Banos. Mcndctv Hanford.
Vlulla. Porterrllle «»4^5»
800 a fort Co»ta. Marttaez. Lathrop, Mo*
detto. Mereed. Fresno, Ooahea
Jirnctton, Hanford. Vlsalla.
Bakenneld B^B»
8.50a »haiU Exrreaa— DaTl*. ¦Williams
Itoc. Bartlett Springs). Willows,
tFTUto. Bed BlulT. Portland 7*»
B.50a Klles, Baa Joae. L^rennore. 8tock-
ton,Ione,8acranientoJlaeerTUlo.
MarysTlIle. Cblco. Kcd Bloff..... 4.28»
850a Oakdale. Chinese. Jamestown. So-
nora, Tuolumoe. and Angels ..... *-*9"
9.00a Martinet and ITarataUona. 8 W»
1000a Vallejo- V-r * 2 - 26 *
110.00a CreseeatClty Express. Bastbound.
—Fort Costa. Byron, Traey. La-
throp, Stocktoo. Merced. Ka^
mond. Treano. Hanford, Vlsalla,
Bakerafleld. Loa Angetea aad
>"ew Orleana. (Weatbonnd ar-
rlTes aa Paclflo Coast Exptee*. _^
Tla Coast Llae) «1JCf
TOJOa The Orerland Limited — Ogden,
Dearer, Omaha. Chicago......... g-Zg»
12.00m Hayward. NHes sad Way SUtlons. 5-2S»
tLOOr Sacramento ItlTer Steamers- Tii.Oar
3-50p Benlcla. Wlniers. Baeraaeato.
Woodland. WlUlams, Colasa,Wll-
lowa, Knizhta I.mnllnfr. Marys- _„__
Title, OroTille and way stattona.. 10.OOA
SZOr Hay ward. Nllea and Way SUtlons.. 7.65*
4X05 M»rttn«.SannanJoa.VaIleJo,Napa»
Csll»toga,8anUBoaa. .5-S§*
4X0r Manlnex.Tracy.Lathrop,Stockton. 102Sa
400? Ullea, LlTermore. Sto«kton.Lo<ll v
4-50* Hayward. Nllea; Irvlngton, Saa • J§.65a
Joae. LIt ermore ( MI.Boa
6X)Qr Tbe Owl Limited— Fresno. Talare,
Bakeiaaeld, Loa Angeles; con-
nects at 8aa|*as tor Santa Bar-
bara 8.6SA
SSSOr Port Coita, Tracy. Stockton. Loa ¦
Banoa 122B»
\SZOr Nlles. San Joae Local 7 25a
6C0r Hsyward.JfUea and Ean Joae 10 2JU
tXOr Oriental Mall — Ogden. Dearer.
Omaha. St. Lonia. Chicago and
Kut. (Cirrles Pullman Car paa-
¦ aengers enty oat or San Fran-
cisco. Tourist ear and coach
passengers take 7.00 r. x. train
to Reno, continuing thence la
their cars (r.if. train eaatward.. 4.28*
Westbound, Sunset Limited.—
From New Tork, Chicago, New
' Orleana, El Paso. Los Angeles,
FTetno. Berenda. Raymond (from
. . ... Yottmlte). ManlDex. AniTea.. 8-25*
7-COt 6an Pablo. Port Coata, Martinet
and Way StaUona. 11.25*
!7-C0i> Vallejo- 7.66*
7.00r Port Coata, Benicia, Sulsnn, I>*tIs.
Eacramento, Trnekee, Beso.
Btopa at all stations east of
Sacramento 75E*
8X8r Oregon A California Expr«»s— Sac-
ramento, MurysTlilc, Redding.
Portland. Pnget Sound and Kast. 8.65a
JS.IOr Hayward, Sllea and San Jose (Sun-
day only) *11.55t
11.28r Fort Costa, Tracy. Lathrop, Mo-
v desto, Merced. Raymond (to To-
aemlte). Fresno.. 12 2F»
Hanford. TUalla. Bakersfleld B-£S>
COAST* LINE (*«rr»w Uaage).
(Foot of Market Street.)
*}7j46a Santa Cnu Excursion (Snaday "
only) «.10»
8.15a Kewark. Centerriile. San Jose.
Telton. Boalaer Creek. Santa
Cms and TVay Stations........... 8 25*
IS.ISr Kewark. Centerrllle. Saa Jose,
New Almaden. Los Gatos,Fe!toa,
Boulder Creek. Santa Crnz and
Principal Way Buttons 10-5&4
4.1t> Newark. Ean Jose. Los Gatos and
way stations (on Saturday and
Sunday runs through to Stnta
Crux, connects at Feltoa for
Boulder Creek. Monday enly
from Santa Cnii) t8-53a
m OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAM t KAN CISCO, Fooi of Market St. (SElpU
— tl:15 »:0O 11:00 a.m. 1.00 500 5.15p.m.
From OAKLAND. Foot of Broadway*— +«:0o 13:09
t8:t)5 10:00 a.m. 12 00 200 400 r.M.
COAST LINE (Broad Uaa<reL
(Third ana Townsend Streets.)
6.10a ean Jose and Way StaUona TJOr
17 COa 8an Jose and Way SUUona..... ... 6.30*
J7 00a New Almaden... ./4.10*
17.16a Monterey and Santa Cnu Excur
ilon (Sunday only) ... 13.30*
•8 COa CoajtLlne Limited— fc tops only Saa
Joie,Gllroy.BoUlster,Pajaro.Cas-
troTllle. Salinas. San Ardo. Pano
Boales. Santa Margarita. San Luis
Obtspo,(crlnelpalttatloosthence)
Santa Barbara, and Los An»
. geles. Connection at CastroTlll*
to and from Monterey and Paclflo
Grove and at Pajaro north bound
. __ from Capttola and SantaCruz 10.48*
• -8CU San Jose. Tres Plnoa, Capltola.
¦ „ caDtaCraz.PaclflcGroTe.Salinaa,
San Lais Oblspo and Principal
Intermediate Station* 4.109
¦ i-l ' westbound only. Pacific Coait Ex-
J" »».— Ftciu 5ew TorJcChlctgtv
Kev Orleans. El Paso. Loa Aa-
1Am> .« el , ei - Santa Barbara. ArrlTet.. 1.S0*
•«•*«•» Ban Jose and Way Buttons. 1.20^
11 J0a ean Jote. Los Gatos and Way Stv
•1-J0* San Jose'snd Ws'y S*UtYona"."Iin" X7OO»
««» .SJL 6lln Jo>e " nd Way SUtlons {9. 40*
US.GOr Del Monte Kxpre.s-Santa CTar*.
• Ean J^te, Del Montr. Monterey.
Psdne GroTe (connects at Santa
Clsra for Saata Ctbi. Boulder
-*«»- « CTefk «<lK»rrowG»usre Points) t12-!8»
•i-Zer Bnrllncsme. S*n Mateo. Redwood.
aienlo Park. Palo Alto, MayfleM.
Monntatn View. Lawrence, Saata
Clara. San Joa«, Giiroy (connee-
tlcn for Bolllster. Tres Tine*),
Palaro (connection for Watson-
TUle. Capftola and Saeta Cruz),
Pacific Gioto and way sutlona.
Connects «t Csstrovllle for 6a-
•j-JW Btn Jose stJ Way Button 8-36-*
<noX0* Btn Jose. (rU BanU Clara) Los
Gatos, Wright and Principal Way
._'_1: StaUona tS.OO*
«!6J0r San Jo«e and PrlncipalWay StaUona +B.DO*
•tS.16r San Mateo, Beresford.Beimoni. San l "' uu *
Carles. Redwood. Fair Oaks,
''¦ ,^_ - MenloPark. Palo Alto 16.48a,
S.JCr San Jose and Way Stations. fi 3Sa
•7-COr Buoiet Limited. Ea«tt>onsd.— Saa
Luis Oblspo, Sanu Barbara, Los
Angeies, Demlng. El Paso. Kew
Orleans, New York. (Westbound
¦nrvesTlaSenJcfqalnValley)... «r8254
¦ ¦{JO* Palo Alto andWay Stailons iniSi
•11 Mi Mlllbrae. r»)o Alto and Way 8 1» lul "
•11«*MillbMe^*8Vn"josV*and"waj*sial t9Air
Vo °* - 19.4Si»
A tor Morning. P for Afternoon. '
X Saturday and Sunday only.
(Stops st all stations on Sanday.
1 Sunday excepted. t Sanday only.
• Saturday only.
'a Connects st Goihen Je. with trains for Hanfard.
_ Vlsalla. At Fresno, for Vl.alla Tla Sangar.
« »m ti«si Line. J Tuesday and Friday
• Arrive Tla Nlles. n Dally except Saturday
«c Via EanJoaonln Valley. *»°«oroay.
1 Btopa Santa Clara sonth bound only Conaect*
except Sanday. for all points Narrow Gaasa.
«JDoesj»ot (too at Valencia St.
MOUNT TAAULPAIS RAILWAY
' Leave Tia S«»Uto 7«rr7 ~\ Arrive
San Fran. Not st MartH «, | San Fran.
Week Sun- gra Sun- Wee<
Day^. days jfonCpoQlt da>-s Da---.
9:45a M:OUa s55*'S3EK»4 12:OOn »:1A*
l:45p 9:OOa V^ggSTW3» l«:5Op 3:3i>r
A:15r 1O:OOa V^^^^iy 3:3O? Z.ZOr
aapgiayt aarjr, itan 1»TtraT 9:30r,tmT»l?. 11:^0^
IKUt I &JZ MA.-n.itr ST- (North Shore Railroad;
OmCB I and Saus auto Fkrxv Font Marker St.
WeeMy GaUSLOODerYear
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN MY. CO.
SAN FRANCISCU ANU NORTH PACIFIC
BAHiWAT COMFAHT.
Tiburon rerry, Toot of Market St.
SAN FEAlfCISCO TO S AIT BAPAE1.
WEEK DAYS — 7:30. 8:C0, 9:00. 11:00 a. m.;
12:35, 2:30, 3:40, 5:10, 5:50, 6:30 and 11:30
p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 7:30. 8:0o. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30.
2:30, 3:40. 5:10, 6:30. 11:30 p. m.
SAIT EArAEL TO SAN 7BAXTCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— B:05, 6:50, 7:35. 7:50. »:2U.
11:15 a. m.; 12:50, t2:0O, 3:40, 5:00. 5:20,
6:25 p. m Saturday*— Extra trip at 1:45 p.m.
SUNDAYS— 6:50. 7:33. 9:20, 11:15 a. m.; 1:45.
3:40, 4:50, 5:00, 6:20, 6:10, 6:25 p. m. tEx-
cept Saturdays. j ;
Leave j In Effect j Arrive
San Franclsco.f May 3, 1903. | San Francisco.
Week I . Sun- I Deatina- I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. J ticn. | daya. | Da>y.
7 -30 a 7:45 a 7:45 a
7:30 a 8:0Oa 8:40a 8:40 a
8:00 a 9:30 a Ignaclo. 1O:2O a 10:2Oa
2:30 p 2:30 p 6:00 p 6:20 p
5:10 pi 5:10 p 6:20 p 7:25 „
| 7:25 p
• 7 -30 a 7:30 a f 7:45 a 7:45 a
8 -00 a »:(>0a Novato, 10:20 a 10:2O a
2:30p 9:30 a Petaluma 6:20 p «:20p
5:10 p 2:30 p and 7:25 p 7:2jp
5:10 p| Santa Rosa.
7:30 a 7:30 a 10:2O a 10:20 a
8:0O a 8:00 a . Fulton. 7:25 p 6:2O p
2:30 p 2:30p 7.-5 p
¦ ¦ • Windsor,
7":30a 7:30a Healdsburj, 10:20 a 10:20a
Lytton.
2:30 p 2:30 p GeyserviUe, 7:25 p i:25p
Cloverdale.
7:30al 7:30 a! Hopland 110:20 a!10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| andUklah. I 7:25 pi j :25 p
7:30 a| 7:30 al Wllllts. I 7:25 p| 7:25^
8:00 al 8:00 al Camp Vacation. 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| Guernevllle. I 7:25 p| b:20p
8:00 al 8:C0a| Sonoma. | 8:4 5 a lf : i2 a
5:10 p| fi:10pl Glen Ellen. | 6:00 p| 6:20 p
7-T0al 7-30 al ; 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 pf Sebastopol. I 7:25 p| 6:20 p
STAGES - connect at Green Brae for San
Quentln, at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton for Altruria and Mark
West Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs;
at GeyserviUe for Skagga Springs; at Clover-
daie for tho Geysers, Boonevllle and Green-
wood; at HopUnd for Duncan Springs. High-
land - Springe. Kelseyvllle, Carlsbad Springs.
Soda Bay, Lakeport.and Bartlett Springs; at
Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga Springs.
Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Witter Springs.
Upper Lake. Porno. Potter Valley. John Day's.
Riverside. Lierly*s, Bucknell's, Sanhtdrin
Heights, Hullvllie, Orr's Hot Springs. Half-
way House, Comptehe, Camp Stevens, Hop-
kins, Mendocino City. Fort Bragg. Westport,
Usal: at .Wllltts for, Fort Bragg, Westport.
Sherwood. Cahto. Covelft, Laytonville, Cum-
mlngs. Bell's Springs. Harris, Olsen's. Dyer,
Garbervllle, Pepperwood. Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tlcketa at re-
duced rates. • -¦ - -
On Sunday — Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half-rates. ' .
Ticket-office, 650 Market street. Chronicle
building.
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN'.
Gen. Manacer. Gen. Pas. Art.
~~ TO SAN RAFAEL
SANQUENTIN,
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, ETC.
via Sausalito Ferry
WEEK- DAYS— (Holidays excepted)— 6:45.
f7:45. 8:45. 9:45. 11 a. m.. 12:20. «1:45. 3:15;
415 t»-i5. »«:15. 6:45. 9. 11:45 p. m.
"7:45 a. m. train week days does not run to
M SUNDAYS AND LEGAL HOLIDAYS— 7.
t8 t*». t*l°- ll ' tll"-30 a. m., fl2:30 t*l:30.
2-35, *3:50, 5, 6. 7:30. 9, 11:45 p. m.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln. Those
marked (t) to Fairfax, except 5:15 p. m. Satur-
days. On Saturdays the 3:15 p. m. train run*
TROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAX FRANCISCO
—Week days— 5:25. JB-.25. 7:40. 8:15. JO-3S.
11:05 a. in.. 12:30, 2:20. J3-.45. 4:50. 5:30. 6;«!
10:20.p. m. -..¦•¦
SUNDAYS— 6:15. 7:35. J8:10. 9:40. tlO-55.
111:45 a. m 12:50. 2:30. «:25. 4:40. J5 so!
6:55, 7:35, 10:20 d. m. •?.»»«.
Trains marked (t) start from San Quentt*
. FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN* FRAV
CISCO— W«ek days— 5:45. 6:40. 7:43 «• A"
9:45, 11:10 a. m.. 12:40. 2:45. 5:15. 5io Z'.Z?'
10:40 p. m. '
- SUNDAYS— 6:35.- 7:55. 10. 11:10 a. m 12-«»
1:05, 2:40. 3:45. 4:55. 6:05, 7:10, 1040n ni '
THROUGH TRAINS. P " m -
7:45' a.' m.. week days— Cazadero and w.v
stations. w> *
_ 5:15 p. m.. week days (Saturday «xcentM\
Tomales'and way autlons. « c epted)—
,tftlo 5 n« P * m ' Sat ? lr<lay »- c *«*'Jero and l w. r
¦Sundays and Legal Holiday a— S a ai c-.^
dero and way stations. M-. Caza-
. Sundays and Legal Holidays— 10 a m. IViir,.
Reyes" and way stations. ' - m - Pota t
, TICKET OFFICE— 626 Market at. "
FERRY-^Foot of. Market st.
, 01KCI Ult u TAHITL
F. B. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu. July 25.11A.M
C 6. VENTURA, for Honolulu, Samoa. Auck-
land and Fyilney, Tnursday. Aug. 6, j p m
6. S. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti.August 15.11 A.m'
ilSPatOELSi Bm.C0^ «cU^ IrtElCfrst,E<3 larttltt
Fn&MExU! lartslJL. Far Ie. 7. PaaS H
Via Honolulu. Round-trip tickets at reduced
rates. Ft freirht and passage, apply at Com-
X>any'e offW. <21 Market «reet. corner First
w . TL AVERY. General Agent.
TOYO KiSEN KAISHA.
rOIUENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.)
Steamers will leave r.-harf, corner First and
Brannan streets, at 1 p. m., for YOKOHAMA
and HONGKONG, calling at Kob- (Hiogo).
.VafRs'iK! and Shanghai, and connecting at
Hongkins: with cteamers for India, etc. No.
rarso rere!ve<l on board en day of ratline;
P. S. NIPPON* MARl' Friday. July 51 1903
6. P. AMERICA MARU
Wednesday. August 26, 1903
6. E. HONGKONG MARU (calling at Ma-
nila) Saturday. September 19. 1003
"Columbia" sails Aus. 1. 11. 21. 31. '"Georne
TV. Elder" nails July 27. Au?. 6. --. 2B. Only
•steamship line to PORTLAND. OR., and rhort
rail line from Portland to all points East.
Through tickets to all rmlnts, all rail or eteam-
fhip and rail, at LOWEST RATES. Steamer
tickets Include berth and meals. Steamer sails
foot of 5r*ar «t. at u a. m. P. F. BOOTH,
cit-n. Apt. Pars. Dept.. 1 Montgomery at.; C.
OJFFGRD. Gen. Act. Fit. i*ept.. 3 Montgom-
ery et. •
CX R. & TV- CO.
><Z\C Cri\. Steamers leave San Fran-
/(}$¦ s^?9\ ci*-o as followa:
/c-C- , J ?i F " or Ketchikan. Juneau,
IQ.1 VwS?3 1 1 Fka K w ay. *>tc. Ala.«ka — 11 a.
I \»«?vA I I " '¦• Ju!y -¦"'¦ y< - Au s: U!!t *¦
I \ yCftini^j ; / I'liane*" to c^rp.par.y's steam-
Wk Y, }Jp/ er* at Seattle.
\£>^~—^6y for Vjctcrla. Vancouver,
>CA»S»j)J^ Port Townsend. Seattle. Ta-
"^ coma. Everett. Whafcom — 11
a. m.. July £.*>. Sf>. August 4. <?hange at Seattle
to this company** rtf»mers fcr Alaska. «nd O.
X. Ry. : at Seattle for Tacoma to N. P. Ity. ; at
Vancouver to C. I». Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona, 1:30
r>. m.. July 27. Aup-oat 2; Corona, 1:30 p. m.,
July 24. 30, Augrust T>.
For Los Angfles <vla Port Loa Afgele* and
Hedondo). San I»po and Santa Barbara —
bsnta Roea, Sundays. 9 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays, 9 a. m.
for Los Ar.rrles (via San Pedro and F.ast
Fan Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Cniz> Mon-
terey. San Simeon. Csyucos. Port Harford
(San Luis ObUpo). Ventura and Hueneme.
!¦'•¦)* Bay. 9 a. m.. July 24. August 1.
For Enwnada, Ma^daler.a Bay, San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata, La Pax. Santa Ro-
rajia. Guaymas «Mex.), 10 a. m., 7th of each
mcr.th.
For further irformation obtain folder.
Ripht is reserved to change steamers or sail-
lr.it<lates.
TICKET OmCES — 4 New Montgom-
ery etreet (Palace Hotel), 10 Market street and
Broadway wharf.
Freight office 10 "arket street.
C. D. DU.VAN'N. General Passenger Agent.
10 Market et., San Francisco.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
•RATT.TXTAYTBAVg^
Traveled alone <^ B:s=s=:s=: l^^j I
and on crutches, SP^- I
" I write to express my for yonr ''""^•¦ffTvX \\ \ \\ l L Vi
kindness. I found everything as represented. "•'•'Jfl I W M \ lMIV rd
and enjoyed the trip very much. I traveled -"i:*l\\ \|iV \ \ IVI\ n
alone and on crutches, but I received etery ,*'4/ \\\ ill Mill \C5^- ..?
courtesy and kindness. I have trareled on a '*-KSiX\\ Will lit S3
dozen or more railroads. t»Mt found none so I'\H(\\\\\| iil!A\ ftiir D
good in every respect as the Rock Island."— itOTj»\» '/aB
That is the way it goes — '~" s^^> B
everybody who patronizes the |I
Rock Island's tourist car excursions to the East is g
delighted. Cars, route, porters, and excursion man- h
ager are RIGHT. fl
ifafl^atTi Tourist cars leare Saa Fnndsco and Los Angrelet H
¦*& ; »ia El Paso; three times a week via Salt Lake City |j
B '/iTJ m R H l7i IT lna Colorado Springs. All cars via "Scenic" line are {J
HlUl^il MmIIIIh cersonallyconducted. So also are "Southern" line cari y
|ga UTr*Tr r"VsS leaving San Francisco Mondays, Tuesdays and Thurs- n
"V« I J 1 1 |SV dayi. Folders piving: full information free on request. fj
if»l!Liliww3JijKg| F. W. Thompson. G. \V. A., gl
*BB> IBS 623 Market St., San Fnmiaco, CaL g{
The North Western-
Union Pacific Excnrsions
afTord unnsaal opportunities for" an
economical and satisfactory journey to
ChicagorEast
Excursions Every Day
Personally conducted parties leavo
-San Francisco every Wednesday,
Thursday, Friday and Saturday.
Leave Los Angeles one day earlier.
.Choice. of routes.
For full Information apply to or address
,R. R.RITCHIE, S. F. BOOTH,
General Agent, Cea'l Agent Pass'r Dept.,
Chicago A- North- Western Ry. Union Pacific R. R.
6 1 7 Mirket St. ¦ No. 1 Montgomery St,
SAN PRANCISCO, CAL. \BEANS— Bayos. $3 60®3 70; Pea. $3 25®
3 50; Butters, $3 25: small White. $3 15@3 30;
large White, $2 00®$3 15; Pink. $2 00®3;
Red, $2 90@3; Lima. $3 45@3 60; Red Kidneys,
nominal: Blackeye, $2 60@5 per ctl; HoTse
Beans. $1 2501 35. ¦¦
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal: Flax. $1 90©2; Canary, 5%c
for Eaetern; Alfalfa.' nominal; Rape. l%iSJ2Mic;
Timothy. 6®6%c; Hemp. 8%@3V4c per lb: Mil
let. 3©3%c: Broom Corn Feed, $1S@2O per ton.
DRIED PEAS — Green. $202 25 per ctl.
There is no further change to report in this
market, trade being quiet.
Beans and Seeds.
K K » 2 a <
if it p 111!
STATIONS. lUS I! | S fl" . &5
: : ll : v j j
Colusa so XA ... Clear
Eureka 04 64 ... Clear W 1«
rre * no »<» Vi ... Clear NW Lt
Hanford ;c T,2 ... Clear .. .•
HolJlBter 7» .v) ... I>t.Fog ..
Indepen-lenr,. . . - H w _ CJear NW j 6
King City fc.i 45 ; -- c,^,. N Lt
Llvermcre 715 55 _ Clear
Lo« Acgeles ... 78 tt ... Clear W 10
e P* ~~ M ... dear SW ...
Newman kj .',3 ... clear
Palermo ki u ... ne*r 8
S Orl T. i: ir* • •••" S1 ••• Clew w •••
Red Bluff m> ,V5 __ near SE Lt
Kacranjento ... 7« 62 ... Clear 8 12
f* n £!H SO , ¦¦•'* <* ... Clear NW 12
San Francisco.. ««? t>i \\ w 34
g* 0 / 08 * y : 2* M --. Clear
S. L. Obifpo.. 7<i 4S ... clear W • 8
S«:«ta Maria ... 74 4S ... dear W Lt
Santa Rosa .... 76 44 ... Clear .. ...
Stockton 78 wi Clear
Willows 7a S5 ... Pt.ddy BE '.'.'.
WEATHER AND CROP CONDITIONS^
Hanford-Pearhe, heavy crop, other frnlt
rc^.,r rcp: * hf;at «*tter than last expected.
\\ "low*— Dampness retarding harvesting.
Hollisur— Apples doing well, large cron.
Cod!in moth doing some damage
Colusa— Harvesting commenced' late In day.
arcount of heax-y dew. Fruit ripening dowly.
Livennore— Hay bxling i a tall bltst. weather
Tery favorable.
«.^ tockt0B ~ WaterB1 ' Ion cr °P Urge, with llm
/teu acreac'e.
6*M* iiarla-Prcvaillnfc- cold weather taTtw-
Fruit and Wheat Bulletin.
For the twenty-four hours ending 5 p. m.,
120th meridian time, San Francisco, July 23:
The market seems to be trembling on tha
verge of a break, both here and at Western
centers. Conditions continue unsatisfactory at
Chicago, where receipts of Hogs are running
large and stocks of the cured products are ac
cumulating. In this market a fight has broken
out in Lard and quotations are being cut. while
there are predictions of lower prices for Hams,
Bacon and Lard before long. In fact, "heavy
Hams have already been reduced %cto 15c.
Local packers and dealers say . that prices of
cured meats are too high for the demand.
CURED MEATS — Bacon. 12%c per lb for
heavy, 13c for light medium. -15c for light.
15%c for extra light, 17%c /or sugar-cured
and 10c for extra sugar-cured: Eastern sugar
cured Hama. 15@15%c; California Hams. 14%@
15c; Mees Beef, $11 60@12 per bbl: extra Mess.
$12@12 50;, Family. $13 50; prime Mess Pork,
$19: extra clear. $26; Mess, $20; • Dry Salted
Pork. 12%c: Pig Pork. ?2S; Pig*' Feet, $5 23;
Smoked Beef, 15c per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 7%e- per lb for
compound and -9%©>10Vic for pure; half bar
rels, pure. 10@10%c; 10-lb tins. lOttGllc; 5-lb
tins, 10%Q>Uttc: 3-lb tins, 10%@ll%c.
COTTOLENE— One half barrel. 9%c; three
half barrels, 9%c; one tierce, 9%c; two tierces,
9%c;- five tierces, 9 Kc per lb.
Provisions.
THURSDAY. July 23—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
BiJ.A.-k. ** Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup.. — . lllVi 4s q c (new).135Vil36V*
4s qr rear. ..Ill 111% 3 9 qr coup. .108 »i 109
MISCELLANEOUS.^.
Ala A W 5s. — — Do 5s — 115«;
Bay CPC 5s. — 105% Do con 5s. — 105
C C G & E.. — 1072 Ok W C g5s. — 100
Cal G & E g Oceanic SC5s — R3
m and ct5s — 100 Oni C R Us. .124 125
Cal-st C 5s. — — Pac G Imp4s 98 —
C C Wat 5s. — 105 P E-Ry 3s..l06%10S
Kd L A P 63.128 — P & C R 6s. — —
F CI R Cs.. . UC14 — P & O R 6s. — —
Geary-st R5s — — Powell-st 6s.ll6U —
H C&S 5Hs.lO2% — S E G&RSs. — 104
ClltSJt.- 100 SF A SJV5&. — 120tf
Hon R T 6s. — XCS S R of C 6s.U04112h
L A Elec 5s. — — S P of A 6a
LA Ry5s.ll3*4— (190ft) ..M07*J —
L A I. C 6s. — ' — <1910) 108k —
Do gtd C«. — — 8 P of C 6s
Do gtd 6S.10C — <10C3)Sr A.1O3941O4H
LAP lem 5s.iau;iC4U O»05)Sr B. — 105U
Mkt-st C tis.122 125 <1»OM> .... — 107
Do lem 6s. — 118V- (1912) 117^113
N R of C 6s. — lot* " S P C lcgr»9.120i, —
Do 5s — 120 Do stmpd.lOS —
N P C RR5s — 1CS14 5 P B R ts. - 140
N C Ry 5s. — H4«i S V Wat Os.107 —
N C P 53.100 — • Do 4s 2dm. — 101
N S H 5s.. — 100 Do 4s 3dm. 99»ilOOVi
O G L II 5s.H0 — Stkn G&E 6* — 101
Oak T 6s... — 122 U G A E 5s.lO5 107
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa — 61 : )Port Costa.. «S4 6flt-J
Martn Co .. 60% — I Spring Val.. S5 80
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. — 5Vi Sac E GAR. 39 —
K'liilt Gas... 4-S 5 S F O A E. 67H 67%
Mutual E L. 12% 12% S F Gas S 3)4
Pac G Imp.. 52V« 5.". Stkn G A E. 5 —
Pac L Co... 53 v; 57 u G A E... 3Hi —
TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES.
S F G & E. 67 — /
INSURANCE.
Fircm's Fnd.325 — /
BANK STOCKS.
Am Natl Bk.125 — Lon P A A. 165 — .
Anglo-Cal ... — — Mer Trust... 2C0 X50
Eank of Cal. — 575 Mcrcb Ex... 55 75
C S D & T. 142^160 S F Natlonl — —
First Natlonl — —
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S A L. — 2275 Sav A L So. — 100
Hum S A L. — — Sec Sav Bk.40O 600
Mut S Bank. M — Union T Co.2150 —
S F Sav U.600 750
STREET RAILROADS.
California ...199 205 (Presidio .... — 45
Geary ....... — 60 f
POWDER.
Giant 71 — /Vlgorit 4 5}J
SUGAR.
Hana P Co.. 05c 25c Kllauea S C. 5 8
Hawaiian C. 45 46% Makawell S.. — 21
Honokaa S C 12% — Onomea S C 22% —
Hutch S P C 14 H 15V4 Paauhau S C 15 17
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack. 150% — Oceanic S Co 6% jy,
Cal Fruit As. — 90% Pac A F A.. 2% —
Cal Wine As. — 99 Pac C Borx.lCO —
Morning Session.
5 Alaska Packers' A*n, cash.... 150 60
10 Cal Wine Assn. cash 9S 75
60 Hawaiian Com'l A Sugar. ¦ 10.. 44 50
75 Hawaiian Com'l A Sugar 45 00
10 S F Gas & Electric Co. 67 87H
100 S F Gas A Electric Co 68 00
20 Spring Valley Water, cash 85 60
65 Trustees' Cert, S F Gas & Elac. 67 00
30 Trustees' Cert. S F Gas A Elec. 67 25
Street—
$10,000 Los Angeles Ry 6s ...114 PO
$1,000 Spring Valley 6s ..107 00 ,
. Afternoon Session. '
Board— * • '
40 Alaska Packers' Assn 150 50
200 Honokaa S Co 13 00
50 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar. 45 00
15 Hutchinson S P Co 14 50
135 Hutchinson S P Co 15 00
60 Mutual Electric Light 12 75
10 Pacific Gas Imp 52 75
30 S F Gas & Eletrlc Co 6s 00
40 Spring Valley Water '85 50
10 Spring Valley Water 85 75
10 Trustees' Cert.. 8 F Ga* A Elec. 67 12Va
15 Trustees' Cert. 8 F Gas A Elec. 67 37%
20 Trustees' Cert. S P Gas A Elec. 67 60
$5,000 S F A S J V bonds.:; 120 50
Street—
40 Pacific Lighting 86 00
California Stock and OH Exchange
Stocks— ~ : Bid. Asked.
Caribou Oil Co. « .... . .85
Hay rules firm at the recent advance, with
a cood demand for local and interior con
sumption. Bran and Middlings are also firm,
with Ilxht offerings. . ..
BRAN— $24 50625 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $27®30 Der ton.
SHORTS— $24025 per ton.
FEEDSTUKFS— Rolled Barley. $22@23 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. $2ti@26 60;
Jobbing. $27027 60: Cocoanut Cake, $20@21.
Corn Meal. $27 6O02S 50; Cracked Corn. $28 60
@29 50; Mixed Feed. $22Q23; Horse Beans.
$30 per ton.
HAY — Wheat, $12@14; Wheat and
Oat, $U@13; Oat. $10©i2 50; Barley, *8 50©U;
Clover, $9@10; Stock. $S#i); Alfalfa, $8010 par
ton.
STRAW— S5@60c per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
OFFICIAL SALES.
Morning Session
Board —
300 Four Oil 70
Evening Session.
- 400 Sterling CHI 3 l'»
2CO Monte Crlsto Oil (s 3) 95
10O Occidental Oil .18
30 Sovereign Oil 33
Street —
12C0 Central .Point Con Oil 80.
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange board yesterday:
Morning Session.
150 Andes IN ] 200 Occidental . 34
300 Gould AC. 38 100 Savage 14
100 Mexican ... 95 (200 Silver Hill . 83
Afternoon Session.
, 200 Union 79 / 2C0 Union .... 80
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were tha sales on the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
150 Best & Bel..l 801 20O Ophlr .-.I 45
100 Caledonia 1 35! 600 Overman .... 2?
800 Chollar 201 4rt> Potosl ..:... 21
400 Chollar is 500 Savaga ...... 15
10O Con C & V. .1 401 500 Union Con .. v7«
200 Gould & C 3*i 300 Yellow Jacket «7
100 Mexican 9V 500 Yellow Jacket (9
300 Occidental . . 35
Afternoon Session.
300 Cnollar 20f 100 Mexican .... 9*
20O Chollar 19 600 Potosl ...... 22
ICO C C A Va ..1 42H" 200 Union Con.... 79
300 C C 4 V» ..1«' 100 Yellow Jacket Til
300 Con NY 15! SCO Yellow Jacket e9
200 Gould A C .. 38i
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonppah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
1000 Esperanxn ... 0B 100O Rescua Id
2000 Esperanza ... Cf> 500 Rescue 15
600 M'Namara .. 20 10O Ton Bel 1 J>5
10O Mont Ton ... 94 200 Ton North S-. 5f
100 Mont Ton ... W 500 Utopia 51
2500 Mont Ton . . !)."¦
Afternoon Session.
1000 Cent Eureka.. 90 100 Mont Ton .. 07
100 Colehan IS 075 Rescue 14
200 Colehan .1... 17 10O Ton Bel 165
600 M'Namara .. 20 1 CO Ton Bel . .1 97>-i
500 Mont Ton 94 450 Ton Nortli S-. 50
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY. July 23—3:30 p. m.
Bld.Ask. Bid.Ack.
Alpha 05, 06 Imperial ;.... 03 04
Andes ...OS 00 Kentuck 02 0.V
Belcher ...... 40 42 Lady Wash... — CS
Best A Belch. 1 85 — Mexican OS 99
Bullion 03 05 Occidental ... 34 39
Challenge ... 44 47 Ophir 1 45 1 5O
Chollar 20 21 Potosl 21 23
Con Cal A V.I 40 1 43 Savaga 14 15
Confidence ...1 15 1 23| Sierra N*v. .. 64 55
Crown Point. ID 2O Silver Hill.... 82 J»5
Exchequer... — OllUtah *4 3(1
Gould & Cur. S.S 40, Yellow Jacket 70 71
Hale & Nor.. S3 55
TONOPAH MINES.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Colehan 16 IT Rescue 14 IS
Esperanza .. 05 06 'Ton Belraont.l 95 7 00
Gipsy Queen.. 27 29 T A Cal 37 60)
Gold M Con.. 10 15 Ton Fraction. — 1 CO
Lucky Tom .. — 10Ton&OW.. W 10
MacNamara . 21 27Ton of Nev.. — 8 CO
Mlzpah Ex .. — 45 Ton N Star.. SO St
Mont Ton ... 94 96 Ton Midway. » 4S
N Y Ton .... — 15 Ton A B Lake 55
Paymaster . . .15 — t 'nit ed Ton. . — 19 .
Fine Grova... 60 —'Utopia ...... — M
BUCKWHEAT- *2@2 50 per ctl.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $4 40®
4 65. usual, terms; Bakers' Extras. $4 30#
4 40; Orejron and Washington, $3 70®4 per
bbl for Family and $3 7O®4 20 for Bakers".
MILLSTUFFS — Prices in packages arc as
follows: Graham Flour, $3 25 per 100 lbs: Rye
Flour, $3 25; Rye Meal. $3; Rice Flour, *7;
Corn Meal. $3 25; extra cream do, $4; Oat
Groats, $4 60; Hominy. $*itl 25; Buckwheat
Flour. $4 50«t4 75; Cracfced Wheat, $3 50; Fa
rina, $4 25; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Roiled
Oats. bbls. $U 7. r .®S 00; in sacks. $U 25@8 10;
Pearl Barley, $5 50; Split Peas, boxes. $7;
Green Peas, $5 60 per 100 lbs.
KYE— $1 1001 15 per ctl for old or new. »
California large Yellow, $1 40@l 45; small
round do. $1 7o®l 76; White. $1 40S1 45;
Egyptian. $1 45@1 60 for White ar.d $1 40tf
1 43 for Brawn.
Flour and Millstufis.
Weather Report.
O2pth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. July 23—5 p. m,
= 2 K 3 2 ~
STATIONS. S \\ U\l I* I
j f 'f:j ': J
• • • '. • •
Ks*er 2S.S4 82 M BW Cloudy .04
parson ....a.Mi 11 64 W Clear .00
Eureka 30.14 O4 M W Clear .00
Frtxno :#.u s 90 68 jrvr Clear .00
FlagstalT 29.sk* 70 66 NW Cloufiy .<!2
Indeper.fi.m~e .» 7S f-Q M BE Clear .00
Lo« Angeles... 2i> 00 78 64 W Clear .00
Mt. Tair-aJpaU.SO.OS CO 45 NW Clear .00
North Hem... 30. 08 IA M SW Rain .04
2*** 1 *, ».&0 «>* 78 W Cloudy .02
rocatello 2a 84 83 60 8E Cloudy' .10
SO.c-6 €8 88 BW Cloudy .01
Point Iteye»...30.00 €2 64 NW Clear .00
5*4 BIbS 30.00 *0 66 6E Clear .00
Koeoburjr 3o.io e# 64 NW Cloudy .06
6acrarnento ...30.02 76 52 S Clear 00
Fait Lake 2S.WI B0 66 EE Pt Cldr Tr
6an Francisco.80.12 f,6 64 \V Clear 00
6aa I* Oblepo.S0.04 70 4S W 6ear '©0
£*n Dle*o 28.66 74 t2 NW Clear 00
S«*1U» UtO.M CS JK} BE Cloudy Tt
Ppokan* 25>.R0 80 e2 EW CToudy 06
% g I- j*£ ¦«
•vTBATHEB CONDITIONS ANI> GENERAL
FORECAST.
_ A. flrnression rtill continues over Nevada and
the vafley of the Colorado. Rain continue* In
Arizona and light showers ar« rented IS
norUiera "Washington and northern Idaho The-S
h **-,. t r a * fa " la te^P*ratur« rf fV^n ™
to IS degrees over Nevada. Utah end ArtBon.^
la the sreat valley of CWKornta **6 Uta°?he*
Sierra* the weather continues remarkably cw>i
far this time cf the year. r CO01
Fore** mad* at Ban Francisco for thlrt»
hour* ending: njlflnirfjt. Ju!y 24- T
Northern California— Fair Friday warmer-
IlSbt eoutherly winds Inland; fresh weXiy
winds on the coast. «=»wiy
Southern California— Fair Friday- fr«-h
xrwterly winds on the coast. .' ira!a
Nevada— Fair Friday, warmer; brisk to hiirh
westerly minds. en
Ean Francleeo and vicinity— Fair FYUrfv
brisk westerly winds. ' *rucy.
ALEXANDER O. McADIE
District Forecaster.
The only thing new under this head is a
growing nrmness In new Prunes. The demand
East ia increasing, and whenever a fluctuation
occurs it ia generally In the direction of a
fractional advance in some one particular slse.
Karly reports of the failure of the French
crop are fully confirmed, and Europe Is ex
pected to draw liberally on this market before
Trie Davisvllle Alrr.cnd Growers' Association
will open bids for its crop of Almonds on
August 1.
NEW FRUIT— Apricots. 7®Sc for Royals;
Evaporated Apples, 6!ic; Peaches, 4ft®5c for
fair to good stock; Pears, nominal at 7c.
OLD FRUIT— Evaporated Apples, 4Q5Vic;
sun-dried. 3@4c; Peaches. 4@5Vjc: Pears, ifp
4>Ac for quarters and 5@l>ftc for halves; Nec
tarines. for \«ilte: i'lums. 4@0c for pitted
and 1«MJBl- for unpltted; Figs, 3ftS*c for black
and l^."*?ior white.
l'KUNES— I»o2 crop. 2«&®2%c for the four
sizes, with ft@lc premium for the large Mxea.
RAISINS— 1002 crop are quoted as follows:
2-crown loose Muscatels. 50-lb, borfes. 5Vic per
lb; 3-crown. 6%c; 4-crown. 6c; Seedless, loose
Muscatels, 5c; Seedless Sultanas. 5c; Seedless
Thompsons, 5ftc; 2-crown London Layers, 20
lb boxes. $1 40 per box; 3-crown. $1 50; 4
crown fancy clusters. 20-lb boxes. $2; 2-crown
Dehesas. 20-lb boxes, $2 60; 6-crown Imperial.
20-lb boxes. $3; Seeded, f. o. b. Fresno, fancy.
1-lb cartons, 7 : >«c; choice, 7ftc.
NUTS — Walnuts, No. 1 sortshell, 12ftiJ!13c;
No. 2. 10ft®Uftc; No. 1 hardshell, Ilfttfl2c;
No. 2. lOtfMOftc; Almonds, lie for Nonpareils.
lOftSllc for I X L. 10@10ftc for Ne Plua Ul
tra and 8©8ftc for Languedoc*. Peanuts. 5©7c
for Eastern; Pecans, ll«*13c; Ccoanuts. $4 60
@5.
HONEY — Comb, new, nominal: new water
white extracted. '5ft0Gc: light amber extract
ed, 5#5ftc; dark, nominal.
BEESWAX— 27©29c per lb.
Dried Fruits, Nuts, Raisins,Honey
Stock and Bond Exchange.
Kecent oil assessments are California Com
bined. 2c. delinquent August 7. and New San
Francisco Crude, 7c, August 15.
Though local securities were quiet yesterday
morning, there was .more fluctuation than of
late, Hawaiian Commercial selling higher at
$44 50ff43. Oas and Elactrlc at $67 87fteti8
and the certificates at $07@t!7 25. Spring Val
ley Water was lower at $83 25. The oil stocks
were neglected.
There was no particular change In the after
noon.
FUTURES.
Session !> to 11:30 a. m.
Open. Hlsh. Low. '¦ Close.
December ... «5*4 «5ft »5 05ft
• 2 n. in. Seesion.
December ... '<&Ya-
OATS — Continue steady and unchanged, ex
cept a small advance in black.
White, $1 17ft©l 25; Black. $1 10@l 20:
Red. •$! 12ft©l Hft for common and $1 2U©
1 Y3 for choice; Qray, nominal.
CORN — Hardly any samples have been seen
on the Produce Exchange for several weeks,
and the feeling is accordingly very firm. Prices,
however, show no change.
Feed. new. $1 01>iC?l C5; new shipping anJ
brewing $1 12ft01 17ft; old brewing. $1 I5ty
1 20; Chevalier. $1 15?3>1 30 for fair to choice.
Open. - Hisli. Low. Clone.
December ...Jl 4:»H *1 «% ?1 4.1'i $1 4.!V»
BAKLKY — Tliough futures wore easy the
cash tcrain waa firm, with a sale of Feed at
?1 05.
CASH BARLEY.
FUTURES.
Session 8) to 11:20 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close,
December ...$1 4:i<i $1 43ft $1 41'?i $1 43
2 p. m. Session.
California Club. $1 4<x?M 42ft; California
White Australian. $1 OOjil 52ft: Northern
Club $1 40Q1 42ft: Northern Blue Siem.
$1 4S$t©l SO; Oregon Valley. $1 47ft.
CASH WHEAT.
Chicago was htKher airaln. Threshing re
turns continued Uisftpi>olntlntf. even from Kan
pas, where the temperature yesterday was
112 degrees, with a hot wind. The shorts cov
ered freely, and the millers were good buyers.
This market wan- not materially changed,
though the feeling was firm all along the line.
New Wheat. $1 37Vifrl 4214 for shipping and
$1 47ft©l 62ft for milling.
WHEAT — Liverpool futures were weak. Oth
erwise the foreign markets were featureless
and a"iet.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Flour, qr «ks .. 25.251 Straw, tons .. .IT
Wheat, ctls 1.9«5 Wool, bales .. 214
Barley, ctls 8.775 Tallow, ctls . . 207
Oats, ctls 1.150 Pelts. No 604
Corn, ctls 425 Hides. No .... 203
Beans, ski 23? Quicksilver, flks 60
Potatoes, sks . . 1.S10 Wine, gals . . 36.200
) nlons. ska 640 Leather, rolls . .28
Bran, eks 2.420 Chicory, bbla .. 12
Middlings, sks.. 1,000 Lime, bbls .... 634
Hay, tons 502| •
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks.. 6.124/ Feed, <ka .... 800
FOR THURSDAY. JULY 23.
Receipts of Produce.
The eteamer Ventura, due from Sydney on
the 27th, is expected to bring up $l,5C0,C00 In
Australian pold.
Sterling ExchanRp, sixty days.. — $4 84%
Sterling Exchange, eight ., — 4 87ft
Sterling Exchonjc^. cables — 4 SSft
New York KxchRnjre."- sight .... — 05 .
Nevr York Exchange, telegraphic — 07 ft
Silver, per ounce — 55
Mexican Dollars, nominal — 42
' The Doric took out for Hongkong a treasure
list of $280,233, consisting of $200,212 In Mexi
can dollars and $21* In gold coin.
Sterling Exchange is higher and domestic
lower. Silver is a fraction better.
Exchange and Bullion.
Mail a^ vires from. IC«w York sayi:
"Prunes epot er* In jobbing demand and
value* are maintained. In a Jobbing way
come business in &O-COs Is heard of at S^c and
'.'. Is believed few holders would sell In round
lots at r.'-v'-.. Sices 40-BOs are Quoted up to
Tc. There is reported a somewhat firmer feel
ing in.€0-70a and sales of 00-100s are beard of
at 3*4c. Futures, according to wires from the
coast, are held a little firmer by th« prinel
; j.: interests en a 3c four-size basis for Santa
Claras, first half Ocjober shipment; a 2«4o
basis Is more generally quoted on Sonomas. A
report from San Joaculn Valley states that
packers are higher In their Ideas on 4O-50« and
oO-60s. Iteports ;.re current Here that offer
ings of <¦."-:•¦ -e prunes In Santa Claras are avail
able from 6maJ:er packers at a 2%c basis. Oc
ceslcnal sales are reported, but buvers gen
'-raHy art not ready to tak« hold freely. Ore
pon futures are not attracting cpeclal attention.
In Apricots the tone of the market on the spot
in rteady. with a moderate Jobbing demand
noted within the range. Futures are offered
fre.-:y but the basis is regarded as too high
in view oi the lower prices on rpot roods.
Teaches are steady. u"lth a moderate Jobbing
df-mand reported on choice and fancy grades.
Future* are dull. Spot Raisins are meeting a
fair interest, with reeded Quoted more firmly
at the range. 6om« 3-crown loose has been
*c!d at '; ! «c and 4-crown at 6^c. Valencia
layers are steady, with supplies light. Pul
\rv.u* ere quiet. In Currants the market is
stt-ady. with most interest noted In cleaned.
Ho'.dc-rs are a 5hade firmer on cartons at 6c,
v.iih boxes quoted at 5» 4 c Inside on fine Amal
ias. I'ncleaned in barrels Is held at S l-16c
to 5%c."
Dried Fruits in Nezv York.
LONDON, July 23. — Consols, t 92; silver,
23%d; French rentes, 97f 47fte. Wheat
cargoes on passage, quiet and steady; English
country markets steady.
LIVERPOOL, July 23.— Wheat, quiet; No. 1
Standard California. Cb Oftd@Cs 7d; wheat In
Paris, steady; flour in Paris, steady; French
country markets, weak.
COTTON— Uplands. 6.6Sd.
Foreign Markets.
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 10|Llttle Chief 06
Alice 20,Ontario 6 50
Breece 15 Ophir 1 30
Brunswick Con ... O4!Phoenlx 08
Comstock Tunnel.. 07iPotosi 18
Con Cal A Va 1 25 Savage ...V 12
Horn Silver 1 CO Sierra Nevada 60
Iron Silver 1 60, Small Hopes 25
Leadvllle Con 05 ; Standard .3 00
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.'
Money— . Westinghouse cm. 86
Call loans 3@4 Mining —
Time loans 5@6 Adventure 4%
Bonds — AUouej .......... 4ft
Atchlson 4s 98 Amalgamated ...40%
Railroads— Blngham 21%
Atchison 63% Calumet & Hecla.420
Do pfd 87% Centennial 14
Boston & Albany. 245 Copper Range ... 41ft
Boston & Maine. . IOsJ Dom Coal .' 94
Boston Elevated.. 138 Franklin 7
N Y N H & H...195VJ Isle Royale 6ft
Fltchburg pfd ...130 Mohawk 33ft
Union Pacific .... 75% Old Dominion ... 10ft
Mex Cent ISft Osceola 47%
Miscellaneous — Parrot 10
Am Sugar 114 . Quincy 96
Do pfd 118 ISanta Fa Copper. 1
Am Tel & Tel 129ft Tamarack 75
Dom Iron A Steel l2ft|Trimountaln 82
Gen Electric 160 Trinity 4%
Mass Electric ... 21% United States 17%
Do pfd 60ft Utah 24
United Fruit 97 Victoria 3ft
U S Steel 22% Wlnona "7
Do pfd 70% Wolertne 42
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Con for money. 91 13-16'N Y Central .....122
Consols for acct...91% Norfolk & West.. 64%
Anaconda 4ft Do pfd 91
Atchlson 66ft Ont & Western.. 23ft
Do prd 91% 'Pennsylvania .... 02%
Bait & Ohio .... 85ft'Rand Mines .,1" '
Can Paclflo 123 (Reading 25%
Chcs & Ohio 34% Do 1st pfd 41ft
Chi Gt Western.. 17% Do 2nd pfd 35
Chi M A St Paul. 148 fSouthern Ry 22ft
DeBeers CO Do pfd bH
Den A Rio G .... 25% Southern Pacific. 4<i%
Do pfd 81% Union Pacific ... 78%
Erie 30% Do pfd 88:
Do 1st pfd WV, V S Steel 24%
Do 2nd pfd 52ft Do pfd 75%
Illinois Central ..134 Wabash 22ft
LouU A Nash ...110 Do pfd 39ft
Mo Kan & Tex... 20%
Bar silver, steady. 25%d per ounce.
Money. lft@l% P«r cent.
The rate of discount in the open market for
short bills Is 2% per cent; for three months'
bills. 2% per cent.
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK, July 23. — FLOUR — Receipts,
15.800 barrels: exports. 20.827 barrels. Mar
ket was fairly active and firmer.
WHEAT— Receipts. 98.900. Spot firm. No.
2 red SOftc elevator and 61 %c f. o. b. afloat;
No. I Northern Duluth. 92c f. o. b. afloat; No.
{ 1 hard Manitoba. 92V«c f. o. b. afloat. Options
I opened a trifle lower, but at once became very
Btrong on covering started by a violent advance.
In corn. After midday realizing and a decline
the market again advanced on damage re
ports following hot weather in the Northwest
and closed %@%c net higher. July closed
1 6lc; September. SO%$?S1%. closed 81c; Docem
< ber. 80%6Sl«ic. closed 81%o.
HOPS— Quiet.
HIDES— Dull.
WOOL — Firm.
PETROLEUM— Steady. "
MOLAPSES— Firm.
COFFEE: — Spot Rio. quiet, mild. easy. The
market for coffee futures closed at unchanged
prices to a decline of 5 points. Sales were
9730 bags, including: August. 3.0..c; Septem
ber. 3.75c; October, 3.65c; May. 4.65c; June,
4.60c.
SUGAR — Raw firm; fair refining. 3 3-lCc;
centrifugal. 96 test, 3 ll-16c; molasses sugar,
2 15-16c. Refined firm.
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES — The market
showed no change from the general condition
recently noted, and while the tone is steady
business i* reported well within the quoted
range. Common are quoted at 4@5ftc prlirjJ.
¦ at 5*;<g<te. choice at fiU^Ciic and fancy at
I « 1 -i«7^c.
j PRUNES— Spot prunes showed somewhat
¦ easier tendency and it was believed that on
fair sized orders slight concessions would be
j granted. Quotations, however, range from
3c to 7c for all srades.
APRICOTS remain steady at 7*i@8ftc for
choice and 10*M2ftc for fancy.
PEACHES are culet with choice quoted at
7%'&8W|C and fancy at 8®10c.
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO. July 23. — Reports of extremely ,
hot weather in the Northwest and disappointing '
threshing return*, together with light move- 1
ment, created a bullish sentiment in wheat and 1
j September sold up, under free buying by St. I
Louis houses and local bulls, to 7«%c. after I
opening steady at about yent?nlay's close. Some
of the early buyers took proflta on the bulfje j
and this caused a reaction to 75Vic but on the
I strength developed In corn buying was renewed 1
I and September closed at 76%e, a gain of %ip
1 %c. Local shorts who oversold on yesterday's
break covered freely end helped the late tone.
- Hot winds in Kansas and adverse crop re
ports, with email receipts, gave a strong gjiA j
excited corn market early in the session, and i
with slight depresrion here and there, the I
strength hsld until the close. Influential sell- I
Ing on the early advance caused a decline from
the high figure, but final prices showed Sep
tember lc to lftc to l«,«c better at 50%©5lc.
Oats were stimulated to fair activity on high
er ranee of prices by the bull movement In
corn. On the whole th« market wae firm, with
local bull traders Inclined to favor the lonjj
side of distant futures. September closed *i®
%c higher at 33ftc.
Constantly declining- hog receipts and higher
prices at the yards caused strength In provi
elons. There was some good outside buying
and better prices ruled all around. Packers
sold moderately on the advance, but the mar
ket held steady, with September pork up 7ftc,
lard 7ft&10c higher and ribs 5@7ftc better.
The leaciinK futures ranged as follows:
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2 —
July (old) 75% 76 75% 70%
July (new) 76 70 75% 75«Ji
8ept. (old) 70% / 7014 . 75% 70ft
Sept. (new) 75% 76% 75% 70%
Corn No. 2 —
July 60ft 80ft 60 60%
Soptember 60% 61 50 51
December 4U% 50% 49 Vi . 50%
Oat* No. 2 —
May :... 35% 35% 35 35%
July 38 40 38 39%
September S2% 33ft 32% 33«,i
December 33% 33% 33% 33%
Mess Pork, per bbl —
September 14 30 14 35 14 30 14 32ft
Lard, t>er 100 lbs —
September 8«2ft 807ft800 8 07ft
October 7 75 7 82ft 7 75 7 80
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
September 8 42»J 8 45 8 37 ft 8 42',£
October 8 20 8 22ft 8 17ft 8 22ft
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,*
steady; No. 2 red wheat, 75%©76c; No. 2 corn,
51c; No. 2 yellow, filftc; No. 2 oats. .TJ@34c;
No. 2 white, 40®>41c; No. 3 white, 37@40c; No.
2 rye, 50ft@51V4c; good feeding barley. 42c;
fair to choice malting, 4(!©50c; No. 1 flaxseed,
»0c: No. 1 Northwestern. 95ftc; prime timothy
seed. $3 S0@3 50; men nork, per bbl, 51 1«;
14 05; lard, per 100 lbs. $7 S0S>7 82ft; short
ribs sides (loose), $8 15@8 20; dry ealted shoul
ders tboxed). 7ft7%c; short clear sides
<boxed), 8%®8%c; clover, contract grade, fl2
gl2 50.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrel* 21,300 14,400
Wheat, bushel* 40.000 10.900
Corn, buhhels 177,200 226,000
Oats, bushels 300.000 150,000
Rye, bushels 7,600 1
Barley, bushels ..28,100
. On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady to easier: creameries, 174^
l»ftc; dairies, 15017c. Cheese, steady, 100
llftc. Egg*, easy; ll©13c.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — July. Sept. Dec.
Opening 6 2ft 6 2%
Closing 6 2% 6 2ft
PARI8. 1 w -
Wheat — July. Nov. -Feb.
Opening 24 90 22 20
Closing 24 80 22 15
Flour —
Opening 32 20 29 95
Closing .....32 15 29 93
?
New York Metal Market. '
NEW YORK. July 23.— Spot tin advanced
£2 10s In London, closing at £125 16s and fu
tures were £2 2s 6d higher at £122 17s 6d.
Locally tin was firm at $27 50©27 75.
Copper in London was higher, spot advanc
ing 12s 6d to £r>d 12s 6d and futures 7s 6d to
£65 7s rid. Locally copper was quiet and more
or less nominal at $13 25i@13 30 for lake - and
electrolytic and $13 for casting.
' Lead was stead" and unchanged in London
at £11 7s Cd and *4 3Ofj4'60 in New York.
Snelter closed at £20 6s In 1 London and at
$5 87 ft In 'New York, being unchanged In
both markets. . : -
Iron closed at 62s 8d In Glasgow and at 46s
9d In Mlddlesboro.
Locally iron was quiet • and easier. No - 1'
foundry. Northern,' $18 23@18 75; No. ' 2 do.
$17 60©18; No. 1 foundry. Southern, and 'No.
1 foundry soft, $17 6O@1S.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK. July 23.— Cotton ODeaed atxcm*
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stock— Sales. Hlrh. Low. Close.
Atchlscn 23.200 65 «W>i HiU
Atchlson pfd 5.300 89 &7H 87
Baltimore & Ohio .. 12,230 8.l«i 62^ 82V*
Bait & Ohio pfd 91
Canadian Pacific .. 6 # 600 122% 121U 121V4
Cen of New Jersey. 100 159 15U 1574
Chos & Ohio 3.400 33*4 32 S2Vi
Chicago & Alton .. 1.400 24 »i 21 21'Va
Chi & Alton pfd .. C(r> «5;» 65}, &S?i
Chicago & G W . . 3.950 17 10 1CV»
Chl&GWBpfd.. 300 S3H 33 3-'^
Chicago & N W .. 3,400 104 161 161
Chi, Ter & Trans 11
Chi T & Tpfd .... 1,250 20 19 19H
C C C & St Louis.. 100 75 75 74
Colorado 80 1.200 13% 13 12%
Cclo So 1M pfd .. 450 53 f>2 52
Colo So 2d rfd .... «00 22*i 22 21 Vi
Delaware & Hud .. 400 160 1C5 I''-* 1 *
Del. Lack & W .. 300 241 23j«i 23tt>*
Denver & Rio G .. 200 2i% 24 2:5 -\
Denver 4 R G pfd.. 100 71H» 79»£ 79
Erie 15.350 3UV 29& 29Vi
Erie lHt pfd ...... 10.452 USH 07 ', C7
Erie 2d p/d 2.523 50^ 47^ 41\*t
Great Northern pfd 170
Hocking Valley 70
Hocking Val pfd 83
Illinois Central ... 2.822 130*, 129>* 129*4
Iowa Central 800 22 20 18
Iowa Central pfd.. loo 36 36 35»i
Kansas City So 800 21% 2i>% 20>4
Kans City So pfd. 300 39 38 37 Vi
Louievllle & Nash.. 6,600 107% 105^ 105^
Manhattan L 1.300 131 132ft 1321,
Metropolitan St Ry. 750 117*4 116 115'j
Minneapolis & St L 74
Missouri Pacific ... 17.»5<J a8* t »7 07>,i
Mo, K & T 600 20 19Vi l»Vi
Mo. K & T pfd ... 800 40% SS& 39
National of Mexico. 300 19 in IS
National of M pfd, 37
N Y Central 9.500 119 117 117%
Norfolk & Western. 2.100 63ft 62 «2
Norfolk & W pfd 68
Ontario & Western. 1.300 23 22 H 22 ft
Pennsylvania 60,100 122% 120^ 120^
PlttFburg.CC&St U C8
Reading 43.550 50% 48 48Vi
Reading 1st pfd ... 200 81 81 81
Reading 2d pfd 900 67% 67ft 67
Rock Island Co ... 31,450 28*1 23% 23%
St L A San Fran 58
St L & S F pfd a 75
St L & S F 2d pfd. 1,100 51 4S«i 49ft
St Louis S W 400 14»i 14ft 14ft
St Louis 8 W pfd.. 1,200 32»4 31«4 31 ?g
Et Paul 20.600 142ft 140ft 140
8t Paul pfd 170ft
Southern Pacific .. 15.100 45% 43 42%
Southern Railway.. 3,950 21% 20% 20%
So Railway pfd.... 6<>0 85% M 84ft
Te-xas & Pacific .. 1.800 26»; 26U 20%
Tol. et L A West. 250 20 19ft 19%
ToL St & W pfd.. 1.400 30ft 28 29ft
Union Pacific 19.950 76% 75% 75%
Union Pacific pfd 85
Waba»h 1.500 22ft 20% 20%
Wab*ah. pfd 4,400 38% S6ft 37Vi
Wheel & Lake E 17
Wisconeln Central . 1,200 17% 16ft 15ft
Wisconsin Cen pfd. 100 38ft 38ft 36
Express Companies —
Adamg 221
American ... .... • •••• 176
United States 100
Wells-Fargo •. 185
Miscellaneous —
Amalpam Copper.. 83,0«5 45% 89% 40
Am Car & Found. 620" 34% 23 3.1
Am Car & F pfd.. 2,180 86 K\i 85ft
Am Llnteed Oil 9
Am Lin Oil pfd... 200 30 30 27
Am Locomotive .. 1.800 18% J7 17
Am Locomotive pfd 1.800 85 82 82
Am Smelt A Ret. 3,900 4.1 41% 42
Am Smelt & R pfd 1.6B0 90% SSft 89ft
Am Sugar Ref... 4.340 115ft 113ft 114
Anaconda Mtn Co. 1.170 77 70 69
Brooklyn Rap Trn. 8.C55 .48% 4« 46
Colo Fuel & Iron.. S00 49 43ft 45ft
Columbus & H Coal 100 14% 14% 14%
Consolidated Gas.. 1.000 186 185 1S4
General Electric... ll.eoO 184ft 159 101
Internat Paper ... 200 13 13 12ft
Internat Paper pfd 67
[nternat Pump 40
[nternat Pump pfd 75
National Biscuit... 7(>0 37 "0% 36ft
National Lead 400 13% 15ft 15
North American 80ft
Pacific Mall 830 22 SI 21ft
People's Gas 2.700 91 Mft 04ft
Pressed Steel Car.. 850 47 46 40
Pressed S Car pfd. 100 S3 bS 84
: Pullman Pal Car 201
Republic Steel 800 12% 12% 12ft
Republic Steel pfd. 1,000 C9 07ft «7ft
Rubber Goods 1,000 21 19% 20ft
Rubber Goods pfd 73ft
Tenn Coal &. Iron. 17.500 42% 39% 40ft
U 8 Leather 2,800 7% 7ft 7%
U 8 Leather pfd.. 1,000 .81ft SO 80
U 8 Rubber 200 12% 12 11%
U S Rubber pfd... 300 47% 46ft 45ft
U S Steel 49,275 23% 22% 22%
D S Steel pfd .... 15,750 72 70% 70%
Western Union ... 600 83ft fc2% S3
Total chares. 630.000.
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK, July 23.— United Railroads of
San Francisco bond transactions : 8000 at
76%.
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s reg..-10*5% Hock Val 4%s ..104
°o coup 106% L A Nash Unl 4s. PS%
Do 3s re* 107% Mex Cent 4s 73
Do coup 108ft Do 1st Inc.... 18%
Do nsw 4a reg.lH4V« Minn A 8 L 4s. 09ft
Do coup 135ft M K & T 4s 9flft
£k> old 4s reg..lll Do 2ds .77ft
Do eld 4s coup. Ill ' N Y Cent g 3fts. 96
Do 6s reg 101% N J Cent gen5s.I27
Do ccup 103 North Pac 4s 99%
Atch rcn 4s .... 99% Do 3s 71ft
Do adj 87 N A W con 4s.. 98 .
Bait A O 4s ....101 Penna 94%
Do 3fts 82 R 1 1 70ft
Do conv 4i....ioo Rea( j Q^n 4b . W
Cana So 2ds 106 St L A I M c 5s. 110%
C of Georgia 5s.. 103ft St L A B F 4s.. 96ft
Do I*t Inc....'. 70 St L S'west l«t. 91
Cheta &. O 4fts.. 72ft Do 2d« ... 74 .
Chic A Alt 3fts. 74 S A A A P 4s.. 77
C B A Q new 4s 89% South Pac 4s.... 85ft
C M & S t P g4*.108 South Rail 4s.. .112%
C A N W con 7s.l3Hi Tex A Pao 1st .114
C R I A P 4s. ..100 T St L &.W 4s. 71
CCC*SLg4s96 U Pac 4s 99%
Chic Ter 4s 79 U Pac conv 4s... 03%
C F * I ....... 61ft Wabaeh lsts ....114%
Con Tob 4s..;... 67ft d 0 2ds 106ft
Colo A So 4s 87 Do Deb B...V. 6»ft
Den A Rio O 4s. 87ft West Shore 4s... 107
Erie Prior lien 4s 97 W A L E 4s. ... 90
Erie Gea 4s 81ft Wls Cent I*. ...88'
F W *P C Ut.104% ,
•VEW YORK. July 23.— There was a fur
ther decline in the stock market to-day, th«
industrials being the most affected by the
railway lift, including a number of high grade
Issues which suffered In sympathy. A num
ber of causes contributed to to-day's break.
In addition to adverse crop reports and fur
ther wild speculation In cotton a building
trade failure created a leellng of alarm. The
break of 5 1 ' points in Amalgamated Copper
is rather more far reaching than is generally
supposed. Much of the stock was purchased
outright at prices fully fifty points above to
day's quotations, and the shrinkage to-day
was as a last straw to many holders. Large
quantities of copper were . thrown overboard
at practically any price that was offered. Bos
ton, according to all accounts, was forced to
let go at least 20.000 shares and the same
doubtless applies In a lesser degree to numer
ous places. Sales of Amalgamated Copper ag
gregated over 80,000 shares out of a total
business of esn 000 shares. Some new low rec
ords were registered to-day. The list em
braces United Statas Realty. Colorado Fuel,
Tennessee Coal and Rock Island common.
This by no means covers the ground. Net
declines of 2 to 5 points were numerous.
New York Stock Market.
TACOMA. July 23.— Wheat— Unchanged.
Bluestem. 72c; club. 78c.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, July M 23.— Wheat— Walla
Walla. 77#78c; blu*>?tem»SOc; valley. 80c
•WASHINGTON.
Northern IV heat Market.
I EASTERN MARKETS. \
X*.t« zsail (prices from. New York gtv« th*
following cheerful view of tfc« business situa
tion: "Mor» eacourageraent Is found In th«
crop tituatloa at present than elsewhere.
Wh*«,t, corn and cotton have all made great
rcogwgs during th» last two wteks. and th«
chasces arc good for a liberal yield of all three
'of these Important staples. Ther« is nothing
!n the agricultural outlook thus far but what
lc hopeful. Buslsess and Industrial conditions
In the Interior continue satisfactory. A much
xnor* careful spirit is observable than existed
a year ago aiaor.g those who control ar.d tak»
th» Initiative the financial reaction and tha
prevalence ci high prices and diminishing
profits being the cause cf this change of atti
tude. On th* other band the volume of busi
ness shows no Eigns of diminution; traffic
continues upon an increasing scale and there
ax* few signs. If any. of j production having
overtaken consumption. Were It not that
prices* cf manufactured products are usually
on such a high level consumption would prcb
tt'.y be on a larger ec&le, t!.:& being particu
larly true of Iron and text!!* 'products." .
Condition of Trade.
able for beass and be«ts, light crop. Aprloots
curing.
Palermo— Early Crawford peaches are ripen.
Ing. ALEXANDER O. McADIE,
Section Director. .
SEATTLE. July 23.— Clearings, $583,836;
balances, $151,402.
TACOMA. July 23.— Clearings. $250,590;
balances. S47.47S.
PORTLAND. July 23. — Clearings, $415,015;
balances, $.*iO,7rJ4.
SPOKANE. July 23.— Clearings. $397,619;
balances, $S4,U71.
Northern Business.
BAGS— Grain Bags. 4.75®5c: 8an Quentln.
5.55c: Wool Bags. 32@35c: Fleece Twine. 7%©
tic; Cotton Fruit Bags. 6V4c, 6Hc and" 7Yt.o for
the three grades.
COAL— Wellington, 93v*r ton; New Welling
ton, IS; Seattle. $0 50; Bryant. |8 60; Roalyn.
$7; Coos Bay $3 DO; Greta, $7; Wallsend. $7 30:
Richmond. $7 30; Cumberland. $13 In bulk and
$14 25 In sacks: Welsh Anthracite Egg, $13;
Welsh Lump. $11 00; Cannel. $S 50 p«r ton;
Coke. $11 50013 per ton In .bulk and $13 in
racks: Rocky Mountain descriptions. $3 45 p er
2000 lbs and $8 50 par ton. according to brand.
OIL — Linseed. 48c for boiled and 46c for raw
In barrels; cases. 5c more; Castor Oil. In cases
No 1. 70c; Bakers' AA. $1 1001 12; Lucol. 44<j
for boiled and 42c for raw in barrels; Lard Oil
extra winter strained, barrels. 00c; cases. 85c";
China Nut. 57%®62o per gallon; pure NeaU
foot-ln barrels, 75c; cases. 80c; Spann pure.
70c;' Whale Oil. natural white. 60®55o per gal
lon: Fish Oil. in barrels 45c; cases. 60c; Co
coanut OH. in barrels. CSc for Ceylon and C5o
for Australian.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil In bulk.
14c; Fearl Oil In cases. 20^c; Astral. 20V»c;
Star. 20^c; Extra Star. 24%c; Elaine. 23%c;
Eocene. 23%o: deodorised Stove Gasoline. In
bulk. 17c; In cases. 23'ic; Benzine. In bulk,
13c; in cases, lOVac: So-desree Gasoline. In
bulk, 21c: In cases. 27^c.
TURZ ENTINB — 70c per gallon to case* and
64c In drums and iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. t9
6Hc per lb: White Lead. 6S6^ic. according to
quantity.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb In 100-1 b bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.75c;
Powdered. 3.60c: Candy Granulated. 6.60c;
Dry Granulated, fine, 5.50c: Dry Granulated,
coarse. 5.50c: Fruit Granulated. 5.60c; Best
Granulated (100-lb bags only). 5.40c: Confec
tioners' A. 6.50c; Magnolia A. 5.10c; Extra C.
6c; Golden C. 4.00c: "D," 4.80c; barrels. 10c
more: half barrels. 20c more; boxes. 50c more;
60-lb bags. 10c more for all kinds. Tablets—
Half-barrels. 6c; boxes, 6.25c per lb. No or
der* taken for less than 73 barrels or its equiv
alent.
General Mefchandise.
LONDON, July 23.4-A sale of sheepskins
was held In Mlncln? Lane to-day. The offer r
lnga amounted to 3547 bales. The attendance
was moderate and bidding was fairly active.
Merinos sold at unchanged prices and crosa
breds were unchanged to 5 per cent higher.
Sale of Sheepskins.
MELONS— Cantaloupes from Coichella. $1 23
©1 76 per crate; from Bakcrsfleld, $1 25®1 "5:
irom Winters, $1 75itf"_'; Nutm*K Melons from
the river, $1 0-1 CO per box; Watermelons.
$6S» ( > Ptr humhed.
URAl'KS — Thompson's Seedless from Vaca
vl!le. $1 25 per crate: other varieties. oC37oc
CITItCS FRUITS — Navel Oranges. $1 J^@
2 50 per box; Seedlinss. SH'l Valenclas.
$1 COM; St. -Michaels. $:@J; Mediterranean
Sweets. $1 25® I 50; Lemons. 75c®?l tor stand
ard. $1 25^1 T5 for choice and flQ'l 75 for
fancy; Grape Fruit. *16l -«: Mexican Limes.
$4 5l>©5 5o; Bunanas. $1 W-' 50 psr bunch for
Central American .a n<l 7">c<&$1 50 for Hawaiian;
Pineapples, $1 Wfj'l 50 per dozen.
CURRANTS — SOifeCCc ptr drawer.
APPLES— T5cW*l D*r bos tor choice and
fancy and 4ixgiac for common: Crabappiea. 40$/
00c for Kmall boxes and "iic for large.
PEAKS — liartlett*. 40c&$l per box: to can
nert< 930933 per tun; Deaiboin Seedlings, 35®
SCc per box and 40f(50c per basket.
FIGS — 50<<7ycc i;er drawer; large boxea from
the river, $1 l&ftl OQ. ¦¦-
PLUMS— •- > 5^i^•'^•• »-er box and 40©C0c per
crate: to canners. $1C@2O :er ton.
1'HL'SES- Tragedy, 4i>>]fiOc per crate and
SSeWic per basket.
NECTARINES— C0©S5c per box or crate.
APRICOTS — 5C@75c per box or crate; to can
ners. $20030 l*?r ton.
PEACHES — 5O@05c per box; baskets from the
river. 33®Toc.
Most descriptions of small tree fruits con
tinue to arrive freely, but fin* ripe stock was
still rather scarce and prices of such offerings
were well sustained. There was not much
doing in the shipping line. -but dealers antici
pated a ¦ good demand for shipment on the
Puget Sound and Honolulu steamers. Fancy
Gravenstein Apples and Bartlett Pears moved
off well and the best offerings readily command
ed the maximum quotations. Crab Apples and
small Pears were offering freely and dragged
at easy prices. Plums, Prunes, Peaches and
Apricots in small boxes and crates stood
as previously quoted. Basket Peache*
were in more liberal supply than
previously and prices were shaded. Prices of
Aprlruts in bulk were unchanged, but the can
nrrs uvre backward buyers and offerings had
to be strictly fancy to bring $30 per ton. As
high as $35 was obtained from the regular
trade in a email way. Figs were in limited
supply and steady at a fuxther advance.
Several scattering lots of Cherries were re
ceived and small boxes sold at 85c@$l 25. Some
15-lb boxes came In and brought $2 25 each.
There was but little inquiry for Grapes. Three
crates of Muscat, ths first of the season, came
in from Coachella and scld at $1 50 per crate.
Melons were in fair request and prices stood
about the same. The usual quantity of Berries
came In and trade was fairly active at pre
vious rates. Currants continued firm under
very light receipts.
Slocks of Oranges were light, the market
being well cjeaned up on fancy and choice
under a good demand for shipment on the
Honolulu uteamer. Lemons, Limes and Bananas
were unchanged.
STRAWBERUIES— $5^7 per chest for Long-
Aorths acd $2 50@+ for the larger varieties.
UASPBERKIKS— fJSjT per chest.
LOGANBERRIES— $.$ 50@5 per chest.
BLACKUEHHIEiJ— *'J .Y>@4 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— Kc per lb.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
All three descriptions under this head con
tinue dull at previous prices. The course of
the Cheese market during the past three or
four days has been a disappointment to those
who recently advanced their prices. The de
mand has fallen off, nnd the shelves arc c-oin
menclng to nil up. The market, however, re
mains unchanged as far as quotations so. Hut
ter Is also quiet, with some houses shading
the quotations to sell. Receipts and stock*
are not large, but the demand is slack. Eggs
are steady, with no tendency either way at
the moment. Receipts are gradually dimin
ishing, as will be teen.
Receipts were 45,700 Iba Butter, 872 cases
Eggs and 34.COO lbs Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery. dairy, 22^0
24c store Butter. l«@20c; Eastern, nominal. '
CHEESE— New. 12c: Young America. 14^0
15c; Eastern. 14%S15^c; Western. 14S16c
per lb.
EGGS — Ranch, 26ff27c for large white select
ed and 244?25c for good to choice; store. 18@
23c- Eastern. 18@l'lc per dozen.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Hanford Oil 120 «> »» 0O
Home Oil 2 83 • 3 CO
Imperial Ol* •• »»
Independence Oil 1J *»
Junction Oil < _ 21 ....
Kern Oil BOO 5 3O
Lion Oil JO 06
Monte Crlsto Oil W 1 0O
Monarch Oil £ ? 5
Oil City Petroleum 29 32
Peerless Oil "5?
Reed Crude Oil •••• «
San Joaquln Oil 8 75
Sterling Oil SCO ....
Thirty-three Oil » £>
Twenty-eight Oil » 00
Union Oil ,«f JO
United PetroUum 113 OO
West Shore Oil 3 25
Miscellaneous —
Abby Land and Improvement 1 '-•>
Alameda Sugar ....: ..-. *> 00
American Biscuit WOO 100 CO
American District Telegraph
Bay Counties Power .... ....
Cal Central Gaa and Electric
California Cotton Mills S3 CO ....
California Jockey Club 105 0O
California Powder
California Shipping Co 3» oo
Cal Title Insurance and Trust. .130 00) 140 00
Central Bank of Oakland 60 CO ....
Chutes Company 9 00
City and County Eank ....
Cypress Lawn Improvement Co 8 12]% ....
Eastern Dynamite .... ....
Eva Sugar Plantation ....
Equitable (Pool) Gas
Gas Consumers' Association... .... 22 SO
Honolulu Sugar 19 0O
London and S F Bank (Ltd.)
Mercantile Trust -••¦
Northern Cal Power © 73
Nevada National Bank ....
North Shore Railroad 900
Orpheum Company 13 5/>
Pacific States Tel and Tel 122 BO
Paraf fine Paint 3300 ....
Postal Device & Improvement
San Francisco Dry Dock 47 CO ....
Sausalito Land and Ferry 18 00 ....
Sperry Flour Company
Standard Electric IS 00
Truckee Electric 13 23 18 CO
Union Sugar . . . : 22 50 ....
United Ga3 and Electric 34 50 ....
Western Fish Co ....
A conference yesterday between th*
heirs of the estate of the late Major "W.
B. Hooper and the representatives of the
various cartles Interested In the Occi
dental Hotel property resulted In an un
derstanding: regarding the future of the
Mon,tgomery-street hostelry. It waa
agreed that the Occidental Hotel shall be
maintained for a number fcf years practi
cally under the control of. the Hooper
family, although ostensibly Frank I*
Hooper, nephew of the late Major Hooper
and at present steward of the hotel, will
be the lessee and manager. This arrange
ment, it . is said, is satisfactory to the
members of the Hooper family and the
papers necessary to prolong the manage
ment will be signed to-day. It was also
announced that the representatives of
the owners of the property will recon
struct the interior of the hotel In order
to modernize it. Something like fllO.OCO
will be expended In new sanitary arrange
ments, modern bath tubs, a new elevator
and the Introduction of an eleotrlo bell
system and other new appliances now in
use in the more modern hotels.
George Hooper expects to assume the
management of the Occidental on the first
of the new month and will make few
changes In the corps of assistants who
served for many years under his uncle.
The arrangements for the continuance of
the Occidental Hotel were made through
Attorney Gavin McNab. acting for the
Hoopers, and the Donohoe-Kelly bank,
representing the heirs of the Donahue
estate, which owns the major portion of
the property. 3
The old lease of the Occidental Hotel
expired on the first of this month and
since then there has been much specula
tion among local people. Interested In
real estate, as to what disposition would
be made of the valuable property. The
•sickness of Major Hooper prevented hia
securing a. renewal of his lease, as the
bank people declined to act without hia
presence. It was finally decided that the
Hoopers should continue In control of
the hotel until Major Hooper grew better
or died. When he died it was reported
that the owners of the property were a
unit In the determination that the old
building should be torn down and replaced
by a modern office structure. Yesterday,
however, an entirely new plan was
adopted and the Occidental Hotel, one
of the most famous in the United States,
will continue to exist for another ten
years and under the management of a
Hooper.
Another car of Western Hens, making the
fourth for the current" week, was on sale and
moved off slowly at easy prices. Receipts, of
domestic stock were moderate but ample. There
was a steady demand for large young stock.
but second-class offerings, especially of Hens,
were neglected. Game sold oft well at un
changed prices, the supply and demand about
balancing. '
POULTRY — Live Turkeys, nominal: Geese.
per pair. $1 25@1 60; Goslings. /I 25©1 50:
Ducks. " $3@4 per dozen for old and $3 50®
4 60 for youcg; Hens, $4@S; young Roosters,
$6®8; old Roosters, $4@5; Fryers, $3 5004 50;
Broilers. $3@3 50 for large and $2® 1 2 50 for
small ; Pigeons, $1 50 per dozen for old aad
$1 50 for Squabs.
GAME— Rabbits. $1 5031 75 per dozen; Hare.
$1 2501 BO; Wild Doves, 75o per dozen.
Poultry and Game.
Shipment of $290,232 m treasure to Hongkong. \\-
Wall street stocks lower again.
Sterling Exchange tinner and domestic weaker. Silver higher.
Local securities show rather more fluctuation.
Wheat and Barley firm and in fair demand.
Oats and Rye in light offering. Corn still scarce.
Hay, Bran and Middlings firm. ,
Beans and Seeds quiet at previous prices.
Butter, Eggs and Cheese dull and unchanged.
Provisions getting weaker all along the line.
Hogs easy, with slowly increasing receipts.
Prunes slowly hardening, with an increasing demand.
Potatoes in lighter receipt and higher. Onions steady.
Vegetables in liberal supply and weak.
Not much change in Poultry and Game.
Fresh Fruits arriving freely, but selling off well.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Owners of Hotel Decide
to Modernize Inside
of Structure.
HOGS— Live Hogs. 140 to 200 Iba. 6%©6%c;
under 140 lbs, SVjig^c; Sows, 20 per cent of:
Boars. 60 per cent off, and Stagf. 40 per cent
off from abova quotation*.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered In San Francisco, less 50
per cent shrinkage for Cattle.
CATTLE — Steers, 8@9c; Cows and Helf«rs,
708c; thin Cows. 465e per lb.
CALVES — *£?&4c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wether*, 4c; Ewes. 3%0>3«ic per lb
(gross weight).
LAMBS — Spring. $2 75<&$3 p«r head.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows :
BEEF — t5@7c for Steers and &©Cc per lb for
VEAL— Large. 7©8c: small. 9®9Hep«r lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 8®9c; Ewes. 8®8%o per
pound.
LAMB— Spring. 10910%c p«r lb.
PORK— Dressed Hogs, 8%©9He pw lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
Although, as previously mentioned, some
particularly choice, large Hogs are bringing
6%c. the packers say that they will not pay
over 6%e. and that in view of the fact that
receipts have begun to increase and that stock
men In the country are wiring Into this market
for bids the outlook la that price* are apt to
be easy in the course of a week or so. The
whole Hcg market throughout the We«t is
visibly weakening, and this market will be apt
to sympathize with It In due course of time.
Meat Market.
ST. LOUIS. July 23.— Wool, firm : medium
grades, combing and clothing, 17@22c; light,
fine, 16@18c; heavy, fine. 12<3>15c; tub washed,
20020 Vic.
St. Lotiis Wool. Market.
ST. JOSEPH. Mo., July .23.— CATTLE— Re
ceipts, 1000; active. Natives, $3 85@5 35:
cows and heifers. $1 75@4 75; stockers and
feeders. $2 7604 35. .
HOGS— Receipts, 5400; mostly 6c higher.
Light, |5 25<&« 42&; medium and heavy. $5 30
©5 50.
SHEEP— Receipts, SOOO; active. Top Idaho
wethers, $3 76. . .
ST. JOSEPH.
CHICAGO, July 23.— CATTLE— Receipts,
9000. including 300 Texans. Active; steady.
Good to prime steers, $5 25@5 60; poor to me
dium, $4 25<g5 25; stockers and feeders, $2 5fV5>
4 40: cows, $1 C0#4 CO; heifers. $2 25@4 85;
canners. $1 60@l 90; bulls. $2 50<g4 40: calves,
$3©5 60: Texas fed steers. $3 60@5; Western,
steers, $4. r
HOGS— Receipts: To-day, 16.000; to-morrow,
15.000; left over, 15,000. Mostly 5c higher.
Mixed and butchers'. $5 45@5 85; good to
choice heavy, $5 70@5 80; rough heavy, $5 300
5 65; light, $5 5005 00; bulk of sales, $5 60®
5 80. ' ¦ ¦»
SHEEP — Receipts. 10.000. Sheep, steady:
lambs, steady to 15c hieher. Good to choice
wethers. $3 7504; fair to choice mixed.' $3®
8 60: Western sheep. $3 25®4 25; native lambs,
$3*25®6 25; Western lambs. $5 40<35 90.
CHICAGO.
Eastern Livestock Market.
HOOPERS REMAIN
IN OCCIDENTAL
lie; Valley Oregon, fln«, 18®19c: do. medium.
16017c; do. coarse. 13®16c; Lambs". 13c per
pound.
HOPS— 17 ©20c to growers and 21Q22c from
dealers to brewers. Crop of 1903. 16%c bid for
the best.
and Egg Plant are " steadily Increasing, and
prices are gradually declining. '
POTATOES— New White, S5c@$l 60 per ctl
In sacks and $1 10@l 75 in boxes; Early Rose,
75c®$l; Garnet Chiles, $l@l 15; old Burbanks
from Oregon. $1 20® 1 50 per ctl.
ONIONS — 55(g-65c per ctl.
VEGETABLES — Green Corn, $101 75 per
sack; crates from- Alameda, $1©2: from
Berkeley, $1 25@1 50; Asparagus, $1@2 25 per
box: Green Peas. 3@4c per lb; String Beans.
l%@3c per lb; Wax, 3@4c; Lima Beans, 6@7e
per lb- Tomatoes, 40@50c for small boxes and
$1©1 50 for large boxes from the river;
Summer Squash. 40@60c per box; Cabbage,
75c@$l per ctl; Carrots. 75c@$l per sack; Cu
cumbers. 40@60c per box; Garlic. 2%@3c per
lb; Dried Peppers, 5c per lb: Green Peppers,
60@85c per box for Chile and $1@1 25 for Bell:
Green Okra, 60@75c per box; Egg Plant, $1®
1 50 Der box.
at an advance of 6@12 points, closed barely
steady, 3@7 points lower on all options ex
cept July, which closed 10 points higher.
THE SAN FKANC1SCO CALL, FRIDAY, JUL.Y 24, 1903.
LOCAL MARKETS.
STOCK MARKET.
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell
about -lHc under quotations. Heavy - salted
Steers, lOVSc; medium. 9%c; light. 8%c; Cow
Hides. 8%c for heavy and SWc for light; Stags.
7c; Salted Kip. 9c: Salted Veal, • 10c: Salted
Calf. 10%c: dry Hides. 16%c; dry Kip. 14o;
dry Calf. 19c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 23©:t0c
each: short wool, 40@t*5c each; medium.' 709
00c; long wool, $1@1 SO each; Horse Hides,
salt, $2 75' for large and $2 60 for medium, $2
for small and 50c for Colts; Horse Hides. 'dry.
$1 75 for large and $1 f>0 for medium. $1@1 25
for small and 00c for Colts. Buck skins — Dry
Mexican. 32%c;. dry salted Mexican, 28c; dry
Central American.' 33c. . Goat Skins — Prime An
goras. 75c; large and smooth, 50c; medium, 35o;
small, 20c. - .7 ",
TALLOW— No. 1' rendered. 5@5%o per 1b;
No. 2. 4®4 He;, grease. 2#e3%c-
WOOL. — Fall ! clip— San : Joaquln - Lambs', 90
lie. Quotations for spring clip are as follows:
Humboldt 'and 'Mendocino, 18@20c; Foothill,
defective. ll®13c: Nevada. 12@16c; . San Joa
ouln. defective. Qtfllc per lb; Southern. 9©
Hidcs, § Tallozu, Wool and Hops. N
: Choice new Potatoes | were in demand for
fhlpment north, and as receipts were very llRht
,the market cleaned- up promptly at higher
rates. Strictly , fancy stock wai eagerly sought
after by the local trade, and occasional lots
sold above the quotations. Old Burbanka were
dull and unchanged. Onions were steady un
der a eood demand ; for shipping, and quota
tions had a, narrower range. The first Sweet
Potatoes of the season appeared from Coa
chella Valley. One crate containing- 66 pounds
came in and sold promptly at 8c per pound.
Nearly all descriptions of Vegetables were
in free supply and prices generally had ' a
downward tendency. Receipts of Tomatoes'
were heavy and mostly green, and . prices had
a wider range. Choice Green Corn was steady
at , the maximum quotations, but poor and
wormy stock , .was , abundant and hard to dis
pose of. The market was overloads! with
Cucumbers, Bummer Squash and ' Green ¦' Pep
pers, and - prices < ranged : lower. . Offerings s of
String ' Beans • were ¦ eenerally poor, : and there
was a ¦ sharp - drop in • prices. • Wax and Lima
«"°"q wcr* steady. ' fiaceinta . of Green, Okra,
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
11THE SAN JFBAIsCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 24, 1903.
12
If you want to stagnate, Ilk© the man in the chair
With tha coarse clumsy boots and the stray wisps of trair.
You can sit down and wait for your patrons to comet
But If you're wide awake and want business to hum
Put an ad in The Call— then all will be bustle
And yourself and your clerks must* dl& in and hustle.
Every merchant, w© know, will the statement support
That Call ads will bring trade, for 'tis common report.
' - - - H1B ?- I ?y WAy T E _ p r~" it ? A . 1 k 1E — -c 011 '
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCT,
?V" 620 SACRAMENTO ST.
PHONE MAIN 1191.
SPECIALS TO-DAT.
BOSS IS HERE TO-DAY. CALL EARLT.
BUTCHERS — BUTCHERS.
8 beef butchers $70 fd.
2 sheep butchers ....,-. $60 fd.
• South — very /cheap fare.
OREGON OREGON.
Near Astoria, on Columbia River.
VERY CHEAP FARE.
«5 laborers ..$31 60 fd.
73 rockmen $59 fd.
Al steady Job. Come and see us.
OREGON— 10 COAL MINERS. FREE FARE
OREGON— 10 COAL MINERS. FREE FARE
BUTTE CO BUTTE CO.
FEE fl. SHIP TO-NIGHT.
100 teamsters, laborers and rockmen. $2 23
to $2 60 day _ .'.FEE $1.
S. P. R. R. Co.'s own work. FREE FARE.
800 section and extra gang men; ship to-day
on all trains. FEE $1.
WILLITS FREE FARE FEE $1.
SPECIALS.
Cook, survey outfit, $40 and fd.; waiter,
country hotel, $30 fd.: blacksmith, sawmill.
$3 day; 8 buckers, $40 fd.; 6 swampers, $40
and found: barber, country hotel; 10 la-
borers, near city, board home, $2 day; fruit
'cook and helper, cannery; also a solderer
and a leek mender.
MISCELLANEOUS.
75 miners, all over State, $75 to $90; 100
carmen, laborers and. muckers, $60 to (75:
100 laborers for three different sawmills, $30
to $70 fd; eaw filer, hammerer. 1 edgerman,
boss Lere.
Men, we have lots of other Jobs. Come and
read our bulletin boards. Get a free list of
Jobs at PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT Agency,
620 Sacramento st.. cor Leldesdorff st.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 per
pair; foot-form shoes at $2 50, or orthopedic
shoes, $3 50; best shoes on earth. 11 Third
st.. Examiner building, 5 doors from Market.
A STRONG boy wanted. Apply JOHN J.
FULTON CO.. 400 Washington st.
BARBER wanted. Apply 643 Sixth st.
WANTED— Hotel waiter at New Golden Gate
Hotel. 164 Fourth st.
WANTED— First class barber. 1023 Howard at.
BOOTBLACK wanted. 1065 Market st.
BOY wanted — 259 Stevenson St., between
Third and Fourth.
WANTED — A man to take care of two bourses.
119 Tenth st.
ERRAND boy. Apply 12G Kearny St.. room 1.
BRIGHT boy for Jewelry store. 846 Market st.
WANTED — Shipping clerk; state age, salary,
references. Box 4913, Call.
COOK wanted at Pacific Hebrew Orphan Asy-
lum, 600 Devl3adero, cor. Hayes; good wages.
WANTED — Locksmith or vise hand. William
H. Gutzman. 1706 Dwlght way, Berkeley.
BARBERS — 2 chair chop with lease In Mission,
living rooms; snap. Deckelman Bros., Ellis st.
BARBER* shop, fully furnished, for rent.
Corner Ellis and Webster sts.
BARBERS — Must be sold to-day et your own
price. 2-chalr outfit. 2S0 Minna st.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express cr
mall charges. 11 Third St., Examiner bldg.
PANTS finishers wanted by S. N. WOOD &
CO. Apply at 27 Geary st.
RELIABLE cash boys. S. N. WOOD & CO..
740 Market st- :
WANTED— For the U. S. Marine Corps, able-
bodied, unmarried men, between 21 and 33;
good character; must speak, read and writ*
English; marines serve at sea on men-of-war
In all parts of the world, on land in our Isl-
and possessions, and at naval stations tn tha
United States. Apply at recruiting office. 40
Ellis st., San Francisco. Cal.; 222^ N. Main
ct.. Los Angeles. Cal.. and 401 K st.. Sacra-
mento. Cal.
THE Golden West Beneficiary Employment As-
sociation. 24 Drumm st. — I kitchen man, $3
per week, one day off; 2 stable men, 20 labor-
ers, 3 women cooks. S waitresses and cham-
bermaids, 2 pantry girls, girls for candy fac-
tory. • ¦
WANTED — Laborers, drillers, rockmen and
rough carpenters for ditch and flume work.
Apply at office. Placerville, Cal., or room 14,
26 Montgomery at.. San Francisco Construc-
tion Co.
PICK hops In August; enjoyable, healthful and
very profitable outing for men, women and
children. Call or write to E. CLEMENS
HORST CO.. 122 Battery st.. San Francisco.
MEN to learn barber trade; only requires two
months to complete and secure . positions;
catalogue and full particulars mailed free.
Moler System Barber College. fi35Clay st
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics 'to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, stilt
runs Denver House. 217 Third st.; 150 larg*
rooms; 25c. per night; $1 CO to $3 per week.
WANTED — Men for steamers and sailing ves-
sels; all parts of the world. W. B. SWEARS.
Pacific Mall Dock; Tel. Bush 436. ,
EXPERIENCED building ana loan men; new
'territory; salary and commission. Box ISM,
Call • office. ¦ V ..'-i
WANTED— Boy with horse to carry ' morning
¦ paper; must reside In the Mission. Call, 33S
Thirtieth St.. between 6 and 7 p. m.
WANTED — A bookbinder for all round work
" In forwarding and finishing. Apply SAN-
BORN, VAIL & CO. 741 Market st.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express or
mall charges. 11 Third st.. Examiner bldg.
WANTED — Bench hand. Planing mill, corner
Melvlaand Addlson sts., Berkeley.
WANTED — A good shoemaker on repair work.
2801 Mission st.
BOY not over 18 years for beer bottling estab-
llshment Call at 1510 Ellis st.
WANTED — Boy. to- learn trade and do errands.
13 Trinity et. bet. Kearny and Montgomery.
A BOY about 16 for dry goods department. M.
FRIEDMAN & CO.. 237 Post st
BARBERS.; attention— Shaving parlor for sale;
living rooms. Inquire 1541 Geary st
BOY In tin shop; learn trade; age 16 years.
Ki3 Mission st
.WANTED — Men/ to. learn- barber trade; cata-
logue. . S.' F." Barber College. -741A Howard. .
BAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
COO MEN to buy! new and 2d-hand army shoe*.
:. 60c up; soling cheap. 023 Howard St.. nr. 5th.
PENSION atty. E. A. ' Bull Is, room 40. Phelan
bldg.. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post.G.A.R.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms. 35c night; reading- rooms:
; free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1004
_, . Valencia^ st. . v •
ALL sizes men's shoes/ slightly damaged, half
: price.. 563 . Mission st., bet.'. 1st : and 2d sts.
GET your shoes half soled while waiting; 25c
V, to 1 50c. 563 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sU.
MEDICAL. •¦
MKS. VU. WYETH. rpeeUSUt for all *"»«*
complaints: Instant relief guaranteed: *>
years' experience. • -.2* Pest st.. near Jones.
MK" DK KOHL, reliable *ptcla»l»t for alt f«-
ma"te troubles and lrr«?gularltU»; Instant re-
lief guarant-ed. lOCS^ Market St.. opp. 5th.
DR. C W O'DQNNELL— All who ars sick or
• In trouble consult this specialist on fsmal*
complaints; positively corrected: the unfor«
tunate helped: the most difficult case* trv^t-'
ed: advice free. Office. 1013 Market st.
iIR° D ALLEN. Ills Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist; a private home before and durla*
confinement; brst medical care; low fees.
DR and MRS. DAVIESnnd HINDOO HKRUS;
original methcrt of treatmtr.t. 112<: Market at.
Dr*. Goodwin. 733 Turk. nr. Van Ness — Expert
In obstetrics, female conip. : 25 yrs. exper'nee.
DR. ROSEN, moved to 2995 Folsom at. cor.
26th: relief $10: ladles' exclusive office.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 319 Powell at., opposite
Union square: all diseases cured hv herbs.
Ml.MXO AND ASSAYING.
I HOLD a four months' cptton on valuiole goid
mine; I also have parties ia the Kasi ready
to purchase. Want a party to Join rme who
can furnish expense money to close tha deal:
will divide profits. Address box 4011.
Call.
*aiI3CELLA.\KOL'S — FOR 3 A Hi.
BOILERS engines, 2-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 10&-197 Fremont st.
ALL our goods delivered on first payment: you
can buy from us diamonds, watches. Jewelry.
sealskins, men's tailor-made clothing, trunks.
I suit cases, on a very small weekly payment;
no interest charged- it wtll pay ycu to ex-
amine our rood* and prices; established 1S30.
LICHTENSTEIN BROS.. 25 Stockton st.
DOES YOUR KOOF LEAK?
Repair It with elaterite; In rolls easy to fmy:
needs no painting or costing: good ovsr old
Iron, tin or shingles: best fcr ne-w roofs.
ELATEKITE ROOF1NO CO.. 713 Marteet st.
SECOND-HAND machinery, boilers, engines,
pumps, water pipe, bought, sold, rested and
exchanged Sea Sunday's papers. II.S.WHITB
MACHINERY COMPANY. 130-132 Beala st.
A— Fine suits, 57 50; dress pants. $2 00. Orig-
inal Misfit Clothing Parlors. 233 Kearny St..
near Bush; open to ft p. m. Sunday to npoa.
A— $3 30 DERBY and fedora hats, $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatt»rs, 330 Kearny st., near
Pine; open Ml 9 p. m. Sunday to noon.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gaar machinery, •«-
glnes, boilers water pipe, shafting, pullejt.
etc. WHITELAW. 153-253 Spear st.
, TWO Irish national flags. <ne bunting. on«
silk, at half price If sold right away. Ap-
ply 1217 Market st. C. J. 3ARRON.
SLOT machines; all varieties. Dewey"s. $50.00.
Euraka Novelty Co.. 1508 Seventh. Oakland.
MILES of pipe and fittings; all slate*. EU-
CENE RILKY & SONS. 1C0 Vall^Jo st.
MOVING picture film and u»g sl:d«s. 103
Montgomery «t.;
SAFES— New and second-hand. E. D. BECK
A CO.. 122 Market st. ____^
' All bargains: camp stools and .hairs, hammock*.
metal beds, mattresaes.J.F.Hotter.712- Mission
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, raovtns;
picture machines, films. Bacigalupl. 933 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches.
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st.
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento St.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters: all
makes. ALEXANDER & CO.. M0 Montg*y-
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand T.ortn* pic-
tures. BULLARD ft BRECK. 1.11 Ptwt st.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
TILTOX wants good second-hand clothing and]
theat^cal goods. 134 9th St.; tel.Jes»t» 2S31.
$S0O0 WORTH cast-off clothing wanted: highest
price paid. 322 Grant ave.: tel. Red 333X
.MONEY TO LOAN.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY, """""""
C01-6C2-CO3 Examiner building.
Quick settlements: no disappointment.
Have expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property in trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and ur.&vld«d in-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 94«J
Market at., tel. Main 1644. Branch. 10 Third.
MONEY loaned to salaried peopl*. retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments; largest business In
46 principal cities. Tolman, 533 Parrott bldg.
A — 1 per cent on furniture or piano:no removal;
no commission; no publicity; $23 up: quick,
quiet, confidential. 20 Montgomery St.. r. 7.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant av»..
LOANS FROM $1 to $10,000.
AT cut rates on real estate, furniturs-or piano;
no commission. E. W. LICK. 1003 Mutual
Sav. Bk. bid.. 70S Market; phone Main S16.
S. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY — Loans to salaried
people on their note.
The TOUSLEY CO 143 Phelan bldg.
MONEY to loan on low Interest; gold, silver.
diamond" pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth St.
ONE per cent on furniture; $5 a month loo each
$1000; any security. 802 Montgomery, room 19.
S% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal;
V. TREMAIN. room 81. 6 Eddy St.. floor 4.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 533 Kearny..
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
salaried employes. R. 311. Mutual Sar.Bk.bld.
CASH loaned salaried people on not** without
lndorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bid.
MUS^C J Aj ;^j^STJRjniENTS.
A NUMBER of good pianos returned from
renters will be sold at greatly reduced prices.
Among these instruments axa s»varal of th»
leading makes. Other bargains:
2 Chlckerlngs $130. $133. $233
1 Klmball. walnut upright, celluloid keys..$«g
2 Emerson $1S3, $215
2 Stelnway .$1S5. $255
4 Heine $235 to $393
12 square* $13 to $17(1
10 organs $10 to $73
Rents $2 up. allowed on purchase: install-
ments $4 up; piano-players from $90 up: new
Planes from $117 us. HEINE PIANO CO..
235-237 Geary St.; phone Main 5744.
STEINWAY upright, left by prirata party.
$163; great bargain. 237 Geary it.
A FEW good upright pianos from $70, comprise
Ing Vose. Sterling, Jacobson. Scbwechtan.
Sherwood. Weser. Marshall A WendsO.
Hatnes, Everett and others: easy laymeata.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 10-20 O'Farrell st.
No branches In San Francisco.
THIS week we glvs BIG BARGAINS Instead
of big "ads." Our prices are ail right anrt
our terms easy. THE ZENO MAUVAI3
MUSIC CO.. 769 Market st.
BAND Instruments: F. Besson. Paris, maker.
Gus Maiw&ld. Agt. Pac Coast. 278 CFaxrsIl;
skillful repairing; 2d-hand Instruments sold.
FAMILY sailing for Australia offers at sac-
rifice handsome Stelnway upright piano. • Sid
Eddy »t.
BUY direct from th» factory and save 50 per
cent. HORNTJNG. 216 McAllister st.
KOHLER Si CHASE. SO O'Farrell St.; largest
and eldest piano house.
BEST renting piano In city for $3 per month.
SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 5C0 Hayra St.
BARGAIN: good uprlcht; must b» sold at
ence. SCIIMITZ A CO.. 16 McAllister St.
bOHMSR. Byron Mauiy planes. CecllUn piano
player. BYRON MAUZT. 30S-312 Post at.
SUPERIOR vlollnj. ilthers. old and new. it"
MXTLLKR. maker, repairer. 2 Lathttm place.
OFFICES AND _ STORES TO LBT.~
STORE with largo basement; near Kearny st.
See owner. 636 Clay st.. room L
pal»»ist:>y.
MADAM DEVA8, scientific palmist and astrolo-
glst. Office 2« Liebes Bldg.. 100 Post st.
$1 palm reading a specialty.
PAPERHANGING. ETC.
P.OCM3 papered. $3 50 up; tinting, palntinr
Hartmarn Paint Co.. 310 3d st.: teL Main 411
PHYSICIANS AND SUIIGEONS.
Drrcrcro 7 DONNELLZoffi^r aa4 , rMldenc^
1021 % Market st.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
REMCVED-OR. AVONO HIM. nerb do«o7I
treats all diseases or the human tody; for
past four years at lli-117 Mason: now lo-
cated at »C7 Geary st.. near Leaven worth,
DR. TONG PO CUr. successor to Dr LI Po
Tal. herb doctor; cures all diseases of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
DR. BALL. lO-tiVl Market st.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor— All dis-
eases cured by Chlnntt^herhn 7M-» O»y rt.
tro^ejity~\vant1bd^
"^M^rk^V* 1 "™. 10 .'- n , ot over $1000: north
of .Market St.; not too far out- others from
$2000 or u* MO3SJ1AN 830 MaSkitV
nELP WASTED— MULE— Coti.
:,; MURRAY & READY.
634 and C3tf Clay su
PHONE MAIN 584S. mONE MAIN CS4S.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
: ¦ ¦ ¦ THIS IS WHAT
MADE US FAMOUS.
WE KNOW NO DISTINCTION BETWEEN
MAN AND MAN.
YOU ARE ALL EQUAL.
YOU ARE ALL WELCOME.
1902 Wfe Gave" 1903 We'll Give
45,000 Men Work,. 60.000 Men Work.
WE SHIP YOU FREE TO ONE,
FREE TO-DAY. . FREE TO ALL.
Ogden. Utah, . All Parts Nevada.
L05 Angeles County. - Santa Barbara,
Chatswdrth Park. Hawaiian Island...
Santa Susana, Oregon.
San Fernando. Washington,
Los Angeles Countv Central America.
Arizona. Wlillts. Uk.*,h.
AND ALL POINTS NORTH, EAST.
SOUTH. INCLUDING OGDEN. UTAH.
Carpenters and helpers, pile drivers, fence
builders/ drillers, single, double and machine
men. corner and bench hand*» muckers,
chuck tenders, car dumpers, teamstera. la-
borers, track men cooks, waiters, engineers,
blacksmiths, etc., $5 $4 $3 50 S3. $2 50 and
$2 a day. < '
FREE FARE. FREE FARE. FREE FARE.
Everybody Talking. Thousands Going.
ARE YOU? ARE YOUT * ARE YOU?
MURRAY & READY,
634 and 630 Clay st.
WHAT IS IT?
S. P. R. R. on all their own divisions, free —
free fare.
165 laborers, etc., extra section gangs.
TO BUTTE. THAT'S ALL.
865 laborers, two four-horss teamsters, $73.
65 ax- men, you'll suit. $75.
Lcok! $42 per month, found; far* $2 60.
12 laborers for large mine company; you'll
suit; ?42. fd.
—GOING — ARE— OREGON— FREE PARE
—GOING — YOU— 25 COAL MINERS, $3 to $5
For stables, 12 men. SCO to $75.
For farms. 125 men. $30. $35. * 10. f d.
For orchards, 250 men, $2«, $30, 'fd. *
For dairies, 65 men. $30. $35, $40, found.
For chores, 36 men and boys, $30, »25, $20,
$15. fd.
For hay harvest, 63 men, $1 50, $2, $2 50
flay and found.
56 FRUIT PICKERS, $2« AND FOUND.
MINES— LOCATED— GOLD AND SILVER.
MINES— EVERYWHERE— COPPER AND
COAL.
80 single and double also machine drillers,
$75 and ?90.
14 ttmbermen, muckers, $75. $90.
186 laborers, no experience required, $60, $75.
TO QUARRIES AND TUNNELS.
185 drillers, hammermen, $75 to $S5.
196 laborers, no experience wanted, $60, $75.
LOOK.
89 teamsters, city, $22 week. $2 to $2 50 day.
655 laborers, country, $2; $2 SO day.
Coachmen, gardeners, private choremen.
Married Help Wanted.
18 men and wives for mines, ranches, dairies,
hotels, sawmills, etc., $40, $50, $70.
$80 and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
SPECIAL.
Man to take charge of boys" Institution. $30
and found.
16 boys and young men about stores, etc..
$40 and $26 a month.
Picture framer; solderer, $2 75 day; budder.
. nursery. $40 and found; 9 butchers, slaugh-
ter-house men, $30 to $60 and found.
LOOK— PRIVATE WORK.
12 laborers, board yourselves, $2 50 day.
VIA SANTA FE TO-NIGHT TO ARIZONA.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.\ETC.
57 cooks, all over California, $90, $80, $75.
$60, $50. $40. $35 and found, for hotels,
mines, sawmills, camps, ranches, cafes, res-
taurants, saloons, harvest outfits, etc.
18 waiters. $35. $40. $30 and found.
36 pot and dish washers, $35. $30. $20 and
found.
18 bell and elevator boys, porters, bed-
makers, $45 to $15 and found.
Crisp maker, $10; porter, city store, $40.
Second cook. mine. $40. also waiter, $30 fd.
Steward. $50 found; third cook. Eureka. $30.
21 laundrymen. all classes, $18 week up.
6 bakers and helpers $35. $40. $60 and found.
12 boys to learn trades.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
MECHANICAL HELP. '
68 blacksmiths. $3; engineer. $3 day.
0 helpers, $2; 12 bench hands, $3 50.
9 carpenters, $3 to $4; 5 plasterers, $5 50.
Carriage makers. $4.
12 coopers, lie barrel.
U brick molders. $3 50: Iron workers, country.
155 other mechanics, $3 to $6 day.
SPECIAL — 12 two-horse teamsters.
For a larg-e lumber comffany. manager here,
$C0. MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
86 LUMBER TRUSTS AND SYNDICATES.
Located «n 4 States
Managers Here 2 Territories
FREE— FARE— FREE.
005 laborers, no experience, wanted. $33 to
$70 and found.
186 experienced mill yard men. $40 tc $150 fd.
j 3S3 woodsmen. $40 to $150 and found.
Millwrights and stlckermen. Tallymen.
Spool tenders. Machinists.
Buckers and trackmen. Line pullers.
Blacksmiths and woodturners.
•»• Barkers and carloadem.
Tree fellers. Jackscrewers.
Log loaders. . Shingle sawyers.
Dolbeer loggers. Carriage setters.
Swampers and trimmers. Gang edgermen.
Oilers and engineers. Saw fliers.
Pondmen, band sawyers. Carriage doggers.
Porters, graders and peelers. Chain tenders.
Shingle packers, also jointers. Chute builders.
$40. $50. $60. $70, $S0. $90. $100 to $J30
month and found.
380 woodchoppers. tlemakers, shingle, pest,
picket and box bolt makers, tools and provi-
sions found.
Big L MURRAY & READY.
Trusts. 634 and 636 Clay st.
CARPENTERS.
12 carpenters. 50c fare, millionaire doing his
own work, very plain work, big Job, $90
and found: boss at our office. . MURRAY &
READY, 634 and 636 Clay st. '
LOOK ¦
65 Italians, free fare, new work.
65 Greeks, free fare, new work.
65 Austrlans, free fare, new work.
MURRAY & READY 634 and 636 Clay st.
SPECIAL ON MIDNIGHT
MAIL PHONE TELEGRAPH.
Cook, sawmill, south, few men, $40 fd.
2 deck hands, dredgers.
Section boss, lumber co.. north, $45 fd.
Pruner for ranch, fare $1.
WILLITS. URIAH.
15 men. free fare, $67 SO
Baker shep, south, $50 fd.
2 muckers, mine, fare $2, $45 fd.
4 gold miners, boss at our office, $82 50 fd.
Woodworker, Fresno County, $3 50 da>.
Chef cook, mine, $70; vegetable man, mine,
$30.
BOSS AT OUR OFFICE.
Steward, $60; -3 waiters, same hotel. $30 fd.
Stableman, country, $47 fd.
Cook, camp. $45; waiter, camp. $25; both
lumber company.
3 lumber pliers, ¦ $50 f d, exceptional good
mill.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address tn the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
HORSES AND WAGONS. ~
ON account of going to build, entire stock of
wagons, buggies and harness must be sold at
sacrifice. Corner 15th and Valencia sta.
TWO truck horses, 3S00; 20 work and driving.
1732 Market st.
10 GOOD horses from the country, for sal*
cheap. 327 Sixth st. ' -
Al EXPRESS wagon, light campl/.g wagon
and gocart for sale chesn. ST? Mi»»lon nt.
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list of houses to let; send for
circular. G.H.UMBSEN ft CO.,14Montgomary
4 ROOMS, stable. 4 stalls. Apply 338 Thlr-
tieth St.; large barn for 20 tons hay.
BEFORE moving get our printed list of houses
to let. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 25 Post at.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents^ — The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
' HOL'SES TO LET FURNISHED.
A WELL furnished house, piano. 10 rooms;
very sunny; fine location: 1375 Masonic ave
Apply MADISON & BURKE, 30 Montg. st.
HOUSES FURNISHED — FOR' SALE.
HOUSE. 12 sunny furnished rooms: fliuPplano
Included: $450; rent »35. 1533 Buchanan.
LOCSSMITH3 AND EXiECTKICIASTS.
LOCKSMITH and electrical works; I make and
repair anything. .E. J. SCHNETZLER. 118
. McAllister st.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— Along lower Geary and Market sts..
lady's gold watch with short chain; dog's
head engraved on back. Finder. will receive
reward by returning to cashier Call office or
* 757 Fifty-ninth st.. Oakland.
LOST— Small purse containing $13 gotd two
rings and pin; liberal reward. 904 Lastina.
LOST— An Irlah terrier dog; docked tall: short,
wiry brown hair: answers to the name of
Pat. Return to Calif. Safe Deposit & Trust
Co. and receive reward.
LOST— School bonds of Laurel district Ala-
meda County, for $1600; somewhere between
Eausallto and broad-gauge boats: $20 reward
for return to J. R. CRAIG. Haywarda.
GOLD rimmed eyeglasses and chain: Turk.
! Market ' or Powell sts. ; reward. 206 Turk st.
1 ¦
i IT will pay to "Remember" that the California
Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter st. needs old
Cold end silver to make new watch caaes.
HELP WASTED- fEM ALE— Con. 1
GIRLS FOR FACTORY WORK; GOOD
WAGES; PAID WHILE LBARNINO;
STEADY EMPLOYMENT: APPLY AT
ONCE.
AMES & HARRIS,
100 SACRAMENTO ST.
AT OUR NEW FACTORY. 1873 MISSION ST..
NEAR FIFTEENTH. SEWINO MACHINE
OPERATORS ON OVERALLS WANTED
INEXPERIENCED PAID SALARY WHILE
LEARNING :OPKRATOKS AND RI\ KTEhS
ALSO WANTED ATLOUR MAIN FACTOR*.
32 H FREMONT BT?> LEVI STRAUSS & CO.
APPLY TO MR. DAVIS.
GIRLS, stay away from the bag factories;
strike on hand. Burlap and Cotton Bag
Workers' Union No. 10648.
GIRLS to learn millinery now for fall «eason:
trade taught from start to finish In one month
for $5; positions guaranteed at $10 week upi
Eve. School only. 143 Stockton tt.. rm. 13.
WANTED — Experienced millinery saleswoman
to accept a position out of the i-ity; state
age, experience and salary expected. Address
box 4604. Call.
WANTED— Experienced cloak and suit sales-
woman to go to a city not far. from Fan
Francisco; state age, experience an J_ salary
expected. Address box 4009. Call.
PICK hops In August; enjoyable, healthful and
very profitable outing for men. women and
children. Call or write E. CLEMENS
HORST CO.. 122 Battery st.. San Francisco.
WOMEN to »ew on buttons at LEVI STRAUS3
& CO.'S shirt factory. 36% Fremont St.;
take elevator. See MR. HINDSHAW.
REFINED woman, who has had some experl-
once among the sick, for buslntss position.
Box 4219, Call. ¦ ¦
WANTED — Experienced millinery saleswo-
man; state age, experience and salary ex-
pected. Address box 4910. Call.
SCANDINAVIAN or German middle aged wo-
man ,for family of two; If wanted, sleep at
home. ASMUSSEN. 016 Capp st.
OPERATORS ON SHIRTS AND OVERALLS.
STANDARD FACTORY. CORNER GOUGH
AND GROVE STS.
WANTED — Experienced feeder on ruling ma-
chine. Apply SANBORN. VAIL 4 CO.. 741
Market st. 7 ¦ ¦ - -
ITALIAN lady who can speak English wanted
to travel. Apply Girls' Directory. Central
ave. and Waller rt.
YOUNG German or Swedish fclrl; 3 In family.
C54 Waller st. ' .
GIRL for housework; references; $20 per month.
U29 Hayes.
YOUNG apprentice wanted; paid while learn-
lng. 1320 Larkln st.
GERMAN girl for general housework; $25 per
month. 2314 California st.
WOMAN wanted to cut ladles' waists. Apply,
between 10 and 11. 43 Ellis st. i__
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmora.
A BRANCH officr for Call advertisement! and
subscriptions has been established at 10»e.
Valencia st.
HELP WANTED — BIALE.
A^~THE*'cALr^:MPLOYMENT AGENCY,
59 Third st., nr Call bldg.: phone Bush 405.
FREE FARE.
NEVADA AND UTAH.
S. P. Co.'S OWN WORK.
500 laborers, $1 75 to $2 25 a day.
100 section men In all parts of California.
WE SHIP DAILY.
CHATSWORTH PARK TUNNEL
FREE FARE. FREE FARE.
10 tunnelmen. $3 a day.
2 swampers for lumber woods, $45 and board.
CHICO. BUTTE COUNTY.
CHEAP FARE.
50 teamsters and rockmen $2 BO a. day
50 laborers and axmen $2 25 a day
COAL MINERS.
FREE FARE OREGON.
.25 coal miners $1 a ton.
Camp waiter $25 a month
Cook, near city, 2 In family $30
3 hydraulic miners $3 a day
1 handy man with tools, flume .work
$3 s. day and board.
Man and wife, man to mine, wife to cook
for 6 men $0O a month
CAL. EMP. AGENCY. 59 Third st.
RESTAURANT .cooks, $70 month and $12
week; broiler,. $76; Inside servant, private
family, $35 and found; colored porter, $25
and found; porter for springs. $20 and found:
2 country hotel waiters, $30 and found; bell
and elevator boy, $15 and found: and others.
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
FARMER and wife, $50; Iron mold^r, country.
$3 a day; Ironer and polisher, country, $45
and found; 2 plain carpenters, country. $3
day; 10 woodchoppers for mining company.
$150 cord; fmlt peddler, $20 and found;,
butter maker, $40 and found: milkers, $30
and $35 and found; farmers. $26 and $30 and
found; old man to care for place, $5 and
found; stable and choreman, private family,
$25 and found; 4 teamsters for lumber com-
pany, $00; miners, laborers, quarrymen,
chore boy, $15 to $20 and found: and others.
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento St.
ANDRE'S office. 317 Stockton st.— Meat
cook. $55; helper. $35, for college, country:
dishwasher, family hotel, $25; waiter, $10 50
a week; French or Swiss confectioner. '- $50:
man to tend to lunch counter, $30 and board;
butler. $40; shoemaker. $12 a week; man for
poultry ranch. $30; carpenters for Institution,
must run gas engine, - $40 and found; man
and wife for vineyard, $40; 2 porters, country
hotels.
A MAN and wife to take charge of a small
country hotel laundry: see .partv herb this
morning. MISS PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter st.,
near Powell. - .; ¦ . ' ' •
A IAUNDRYMAN to take . charge of tmall
country laundry; best ' of wag>!s; see pro-
prietor here this morning. MISS i'LUNK-
ETT, 425 Sutter St.. near Powetl. ;
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 2<1 Montgomery, r. 12.
Cook, $70 and fare; waiter, helps' hall, $25;
bell boys. $15. ¦' - •--:--" i^
OPERATORS ON CASSIMERB PANTS;
STOCK WORK. STANDARD FACTORY.
COR. GOUGH AND GROVE STS.
WANTED — Dentist, licensed; good extractor,
good . raDld - crown ' and bridge < worker, good
address and habits; Dermanent; • $30 to $40
week. ; according to ability and application.
Schlff man Dental Company, Los Angeles. - :
WANTED— Young man who Is an experienced
drapery salesman. Apply between 9 and 11
a. m. at HALE BROS.' • ¦'
.TRY our men's shoes/at $1 pair; foot-form
• shoes at $2 50 ; we pay express charges. : 11
Third St.. Examiner big.; catalogue tent free.
BOY wanted to assist on cakes In bakery.
1704 Halcht st. ' : ,' : -^
EXPERIENCED prlmper salesman ' wanted.
MYSELL-ROLLINS CO.. 22 Clay st. '
TRY- our men's shoes, union made, at ' $1 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50;. we pay express or
man , chantes. a Third wU Examiner bid*.
j EMPLOYMENT WASTED-— MALE.
I A POSITION kb cashier or assistant .treasurer
In first-class hotel, or wholesale or large
retail dry-goods company, or large lumber
cempany. Box 4222, Call Office.
I LILIPUTIAN TWINS (man- and woman). 44
Inches high, refined and respectable, who
ccn speak several languages, seek position as
I attraction or advertising purposes. Address
I "Cute Midgets," box 4214, Call ofnee^
WANTED — Position In or near San Francisco
by linotype operator-machinist; 8 years' ex-
perience; day work preferred. Address box
43. Petalumq. Cal. ¦ ' ¦
A GOOD head gardener, well -recommended,
marrlfd, wishes situation. Address F. S..
516 Twentieth St., Oakland. Phone Black
_5330.
RELIABLE young man wishes position; ha_
had some experience as salesman and ship-
ping clerk. Box 4208. Call office. -
RELIABLE, honest young man. German,
steady, sober, wishes situation as bartender;
clt" references. Box 4200. Call office.
YOUNG man would like work as carpenter In
city; 0 years' experience. Box 4207. Call.
YOUNG man wants position as nuree or valet;
j city references. S5D Grove at. .
I JAPANESE wants a position to work couple
I hours: phone Green 250. B. Y..315A Mason.
' CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
i received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmor*.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1008
Valencia St. - ¦• " ¦ ¦ • '
FINANCIAL.
COMPANIES incorporated and flnanoed; stock
and bond Issues guaranteed, underwritten and
rold; stock accepted for services. Send for
Pacific States Investor. PACIFIC STATES
MINING AND INVESTMENT CO.. 326 Poet.
'./'FLATS TO LET. .
HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense list; ser-
vice absolutely free; take advantage of this
department; it will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., 245-259 Geary
*t., on the square.
PARK flats; new; elegantly finished; on Sec-
ond ave. and C St., one block to McAllister
cars; 5 rooms, 6 rooms, 7 rooms, 10 rooms;
$25 to $45; sunlight all around; open.
ELEGANT new flat 5 rooms, all modern Im-
provements; low rent. 1050 Noe st.:' Mission
and Twenty-fourth-st. cars pass. .
NICE 7-rcom flat; new, tinted, sunny; reason-
able. 447 Broderlck st., bet. Hayts and Fell.
TWO new modern upper flats. 6 rooms each;
sun all day. Cor. Twenty-sixth and Florida.
VAN NESS and Union — 7 and 8 rooms: sunny,
modern and up to date; marine view.
$13 — UPPER Cat 4 sunny rooms. 27C Pearl
et.. off Market, bet. Valencia and Guerrero.
TO let— Flat of 4 rooms; 1837 O'Farrell.
HOOKER & LENT. 14 Post at.
$11— COTTAGE of 4 sunny rooms, yard. 132
Rose ave., bet. Gough and Octavla sts.
GREENWICH. 2727— Upper; sunny; 6 rooms;
new; marine view; $25; open. *
FLATS TO LET— FCUNISIIED.
A FLAT to rent and new furniture for tale;
bargain. 1553 Post St.; Inquire forenoon.
FL'HNITLItE FOR SALE.
EIGHT-room house newly furnished cheap; go-
; Ing away. 1435 Mission st.
FURNITURE WANTED.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission, phone Red 44C2.
buys, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpet*
A BOOKKEEPER and stenographer for res-
- taurant (middle-aged woman only need ap-
ply). $25 and board: a cashier and assistant
bookkeeper, hotel, country, must have hotel
experience, good wages.
C. R. IIANSEN & CO 4-9 Buah-st.
Al WAITRESS. Pacific Grove, free fare— $25
Waitresses, springs, resorts, city, country
hotels $25
Chambermaids, city, country resort hotels.
* $20-$25
Chambermaid to wash glasses, country
hotel $25
Fancy lroner. Lake ,Tahoe, free fare both
ways $35 and found
Starch lroner, resort $35 found.
Ccok, Institution, city, no bread baking,
$35-$40
Cooks, country hotels ?35-$10
FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
Nursegirl, care of children In hotel, $12;
housegirl on a ranch, no objection to a child.
$25, party here; cooks, houseglrls, second
Klrls. nursegirls, $15-$30.
C. R. HAN BEN & CO 429 Bush St.
WANTED— 3 second girls. $25 and $30; Ger-
man nurse, $30; cook for Institution. $40;
cook, country, no washing," $35; 4 German
cooks, $U5. $30; ironer for laundry, $40; laun-
dress, private family, $30; hotel laun-
dress, country. J25; cook, $10; men, hotel,
$40; 5 nursegirls, $20, $25; 4 waitresses
for commercial hotels, country, $20, $25;
housework. Belvedere, $30; Ross Valley, $30:
infant's nuree, *25; chambermaid and assist,
waiting, city. $20: kitchen helper, $6 week;
cook, small boarding-house, $25; 40 house-
fcirle, city and country. Apply to J. F.
CRCSETT & CO., 334 Sutter st.
WANTED— First-class cook, $35, also second
girl, same house, $30, for country, for Aug.
1; also cook for Institution, $50; nurse and
steamstreES, $25; waitress for resort. $25;
and a lot of girls fcr housework In city at
$25 and $30. Apply to-day to J. F. CROSETT
& CO.. 334 Sutter nt.
A PARLOR maid and waitress. $30; a Ger-
man nursegirl. $-'J0; a chambermaid and
b<-amstres8 for a very Sight plaie In city,
wages $2T<; a nursery maid for 2 grown
children, $25; a chambermaid and laundress,
$30; a nurse for 2 children, $20; 2 waitresses
for .same hotel In country, wages $25, see
party here. MISS PLUNKETT, 425 Sutter
St.. near Powell.
HAIRDRKSS1NU, manicuring, massage, hair
work; remc-val of superfluous hr.lr taught
frsm A to Z in 2 weeks for $4 CO: positions
guaranteed; $10 to $20 per week; school day
and eve.. 233 Geary, r. 13: maids prepared.
A — Ladles, learn all branches Jiairdresslng
trale; manicuring, massage, etc., 1236 Mar-
ket si., cor. Jones, room 94; positions se-
cured at highest wages; day & eve. class ;call
A — OPERATORS on ladies' underwear; good
wages; steady position. I.. MAGNIN & CO..
C56- Mission st. » M
A— OPERATORS wanted en ladles' Vralsts;
good' wages: steady employment. 636 Mis-
¦Ion St.. I. MAGNIN & CO.
A — OPERATORS wanted on children's and In-
fants' wear: steady position; good wages. I.
MAGNIN Sc CO.. WG Mission at.
OPERATORS ON CASSIMERE PANTS.
STOCK WORK! STANDARD FACTORY,
COR. GOUGH AND GROVE STS.
WOMEN and girls wanted to work on fruit
and canning; steady work; highest wages.
Apply California Canneries Co.. Brannan
et., between Third and Fourth.
WOMEN and girls to work on fruit; steady
employment highest wages. CODE-PORT-
WOOD CANNING CO.. Bryant and Tenth.
A WOMAN to cook for 2 men. $15; lady's
maid, $25; seamstress, $25; laundress, $30;
cook, $35; 6 housegirls. $30 and $35; house-
keeper $15; woman with a child, $15. MRS.
NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
WANTED — Experienced sick nurse; one who
can ftttend to small house; two In family;
(rive references and wage per week. Box
4224. Call. .
WANTED— Young lady of 16 to 18 years for
ofllce work. Apply to S. N. WOOD & CO.,
740 Market st.
WANTED — Girl for general housework; large
wash given out; wages $25. Mrs. H.'. Ross
Station.
WANTED — Girls to learn book-folding; also
experienced book-folders and sewers, at Me*
INTYRE'S Bindery. 424 Sansome St.
WANTED — Girl to do . housewprk : and plain
cooking; small family; references; wages $20.
1871 Page St.. nr. Park; call -before noon.
A — Practical Millinery School, estab. 14 years;
terms easy. 816 O'Farrell, for. 1000 Van Ness.
WANTED — A flrst-cUss candy packer for re-
tall trade. W. 3. TOWNSEND. 715 Market.
FIRST class'sklrt hand wanted. GOLDMAN,
ladles' tailor, 14C2 Market gt.
5 YOUNG ladles ; to train for nurses. Box
4225. Call. .
GIRL wanted for general housework and assist
in bakery. 1794 Halght st.
WANTED — Nureeglrl of experience; ref. re-
quired; wages $20. 2607 Flllmore st.
WANTED — Experienced demonstrator; give
particulars and salary. Box 4226 Call office.
FIRST-CLASS trimmers and makers; steady
positions: good salary. Apply HOLM &
NATHAN. ¦...-.
OSTRICH feather curlers and fancy feather
makers. Apply HOLM & NATHAN.
GENERAL assistant In; foto; studio; '• experi-
enced. ".--JOHNSON, IO14 Sixth st.
GIRLS for factory work; good wages; ; no ex-
perience m-cessary ; . steady employment.
Clllf Ha* On.. -fiO-711 Vrnnt ct.
SPIjMTUAMSM. !•
RHEUMATISM, kidney and bladder troubles
cured by Hlstlonlc suggestion; diagnosis free.
Inetltute of Science. 1C5 Ellis tt. .'
JOHN SLATER circle to-night et 8:15 sharp;
readings 10 to 4. 330 O'Farrcll ft.
ETHEL CRINDLE. materialising soance Fri-
day eve., Z*)e. 1115 Pest St.; 8 o'clock. >
KATIE HEUSSMAN, circle Friday evening.
25o; sittings. 1000 Harrison st.. cor. Sixth.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A^ CALL~AT ONCE AND SAVE $2.
'My Regular $3 Reading This Week for
|1. «1. • 51. $1. $1. $1. $1. .
PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE,
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever In San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make you no cherge if 1 fall to tell your name,
occupation and what you called for; I premise
to tell you whether husband, wife or sweet-
heart is true or false; to tell whom and when
you will marry; In fact. I will tell you every
h©i>e, fear or ambition better than you can tell
yourself. He restores j lost affections, reunites
the eepar&ted, causes speedy and happy mar-
riages, makes you successful and prosperous,
cures disease and lost vitality without medi-
cine, locates hidden treasures; hours 10 a. m. to
6 p. m.; Sundays 2 to 8. 326 O'Farrell St., 320.
MME. M. BERNARD, THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third St.. next Exam-
iner bldg.; shs reads your life correctly,
I fives an accurate description of the past, re-
veals the pr??ent happenings »nd portrays
' events to occur In the future; if you are in
trouble discontented or not satisfied in life, ,
cr have domestic, love or business troubles,
consult this Krcat medium and you will be
tcld how to overcome them; valuable advice
In all affairs of Htf; 25c up; satisfaction
guaranteed; readings by mall. Tel Black 4a63.
A— CASnMIRE. the eminent trance clairvoyant
adept can be consulted regarding all matters of
business love, marriage, divorce, property,
speculation changes, law. reuniting separated,
etc.; everything revealed; secret power to
change. Influence or control any one or anything
as you wleh in 3 to 21 days; reduced fees for
this wwk. 1007% Market et.. bet. 6th and »th.
IEMAR. the Egyptian gyp*y. clairvoyant and
palmist, pcrmaner.tly located at 1104 Market
tt cor. Turk; private readings dally. 10 a.
m.'to 5 p. ra.: readings by mall as satisfac-
tory «s In person; 3 questions answered. 51:
full life, $5; uend lock of hair, date and year
cf birth: don't send currency. Send postofflce.
Well«-Fariro mone;- order or registered letter.
A— MME. PORTER, scientific clairvoyant and
card reader born with a double veil and sec-
end eight: tells the past, present and future;
Ie<31*». 60c; cents. $1; by card*, palmistry
sr.d clairvoyant sitting. ?1 CO. 126 Turk st.
Mrs. A. II. Krcnenberg. palmist, clairvoyant,
card reader, will give a good reading. 10c, for
a chort time only; when others fail try me to
convince yourself. 4C2 Franklin, near Grove.
ilADAM CAROL. Just arrived, will tell your
past. pre5er.t and future life. 901 Buchanan
et.. corner Fulton; no Flgn. *
A— Mme. Ravenna reads life, business advice:
* names given: 25c up. 5 4th St.. near Market.
MISS GINSBERG, greatest clairvoyant; ladies,
25c; gents, 5Oc. 33 6th St.. rm. 9. 1st floor.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader in city.
26H Kearny. room 20; ladles 25c. gents 50c.
MRS. SHAFER. clairvoyant card reader; sit-
tings dtlly^USTiJesfies^bet^Cthandeth.
CARPET-nK ATIXC AXD CLEAKlXa
AIR. compressed, dry. Ice cCIC. is now univer-
sally used In eanitarily cleaning carpets, on
floor, without removal or injury: prices mod-
erate. Apply S. F. COMPRESSED AIR
CLEANING CO.. Call big.: phone Main 53.»7.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. .'£5-357 Tehama st. ; tel. South 40.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating Co.. J. McQueen,
proprietor. 329 Guerrero st.. tel. Mission 4t>.
TRY HOl'KE BROS.; excellent carpet-beating;
mattresses made over. 1432 Howard :South 216
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 304. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpa-beatlng works: prlcej
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st.: tel. Mission 26.1
CONKLIN'S Fuper*.r Carpet-beating Works.
333 Gclden Gate ave.: telephone East 12a
DENTISTS.
Dr7~LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Msrket.nr. Eleventh
No charge fcr extracting when plates are
made; old plates mafe over like new; teeth
from $3 per set; extracting. 60s; gas given.
REMOVAL.
DR. C. W. RICHARDS, dentist, has re-
moved from 47 Pest et. to Mutual Bank bldg..
room 614. corner Geary and Kearny sta.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20. vre.: crown. $3 50; fillings. 30c;
plates. $5: fulf set: all work painless and war-
rcnted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
FARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny. cor. Bu«h—
Set teeth. $1 50 up; crowns.$2 up; fUUngs.25a.
GOLD fillings 75c. silver 35c. crowns $2; no
pain; open Sunday. Dr-O-B.Hewltt.204 Sutt?r.
10 PER CENT off this month: estimates free.
New Tork Dentists. OCD Mission Ft., cor, flth.
BESS BOOM WAXTTED.
DESK room wanted in or vicinity of Claus
Epreckels building, by a Japanese gentleman;
references exchanged; detail answer request-
ed. Box 4213. Call office.
DRESSMAKERS Jfc SEAMSTRESSES.
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School
— Any pattern cut to measure. 1019 Market.
ACCORDION, sunburst & knife plaiting. Stew-
art's button A- buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor.
DYECTG AWD CEEAJHTO.
SEA breezes sweeten all garments, blankets,
lace curtains, etc. done by the Presidio
Heights Dye Works. 3016 Sacramento; phon*
for wago-. "Tent 453. H. H1CKMAN. pres.
EDUCATIONAL.
A^CALDWELL College of Oratory, Acting,
Opera and Authorship; largest In the West:
14 teachers; positions guaranteed; fall term
begi.ie Sept. 7; day & evening class; beautiful
"new catalogue free. 12*J5 Market., cor. Ninth.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post. S.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy, English branches;
day and night .sesglon3; illuv catalogue free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH BUSINESS COLLEGE,
conducted by experts; best combined short-
hand nnd commercial course to be had; in-
dorsed by official cdurt reporters. 1382 Mkt.
AYRES. the leading business college. 723 Mar-
ket st'. ; special summer course In all depart-
ments; handsome catalogue free: life scholar-
ship. $50: day and evening sessions.
HEALD'S School of Mines & E!ectric!ty.24 Fost
St.. S. F. ; a practical school of engineering;
comp'.ete' equipment./ Special catalogue free.
¦ THE Berlitz School of Languages has removed
to 10D0 Van Ness ave. ; rates reduced during
eummer. Send for catalogue.
ENGINEERING — Civil., elec, mln., mech..sur-
vey assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Na!ll«n School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A SUMMER school of shorthand and bookkeep-
ing; enroll now and be ready for position In
fall. S. F Business College. 1230 Market st.
SYSTEM, discipline and results; the Golden
Gate Commercial College, Van Ness and
Golden Gate aves.,S.F. ;fllls every requirement
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday and
Sunday evenings at Teutonla Hall. Howard
et.. near Ninth; management Prof. Foster. •
KENT Law School; day and night; insures
admission to bar; 6 Eddy St., cor. Powell.
SPANISH Academy — Professor Arribos; classes
day and evening; private lessons. 834 Sutter.
LESSONS given In Water Color or Oil Paint-
ing from Nature. CURRIER. 372 Sutter st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc., day or eve.; $5 mo. 1021 Mission, nr.Cth.
Chicago Business College. 1435 Market, nr. 10th.
Pittman shorthand, typing, bookkpfr. $8 mo.
E3IPLOY3IEVT OFFICES.
GEORGE AOKI. 421 Post rt?T7eT~15ush~135^
Japanese-Chinese employment -office; fur-
nishes best help; contracts for farm help. etc.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese,
Chinese help. 426 Powtll. Tel. Main 5752.
A — GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp Office, 415
Stockton; tel. Grant \<&; expert, reliable help.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; f-.U kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51S3.
CHINESE and Japanese help; eetab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WA-vTEP — FEMALE.
WANTED by mlddle-ogcd woman, situation
as cook; small boarding-house or ranch cook;
no general housework; city or country. Ad-
drees box 4221. Call.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes light work In
small family. 2 Hampton court, rear C68
Harrison St.. near Third.
A RESPECTABLE Swedish woman wishes
work by the day washing or cleaning. Ad-
dress C. S.. 127 Second st.
YOUNG woman wants 'work by the day wash-
Ing Ironing or housecleanlng. Box 4216, Call.
POSITION as nurse cy a refined colored wo-
man for a child or with family going East.
Address J. E.. 1000 Clay; phone Grace 1044.
WANT ads aud ' rubscrlpt'ons taken for The
Call at Eaton's R"»». C32 MaAIllater at.
¦AS FRAiCCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The Ban Francisco
Call, corner Market and Third streets; cpen
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street
corner Clay; open until 0:S0 p. m.
300 Bayes street; open until 0:30 p. m.
CS3 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
€15 Lerk'.n street; cpen until 9:S0 p. m.
1941 Mission ctreet: open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until S r>. m.
106 Eleventh etreet: cpen until 8 p. m.
' JC36 Valencia etreet; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest comer of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
2200 Flllmcre etreet : open until 9 p. ra.
M E ETI \ G NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Commander?- No. 1. K.
T.— Regular ar-sembly THIS EVEN- K3T
ING ftt 7:30 o'clock. Order of the By!
Temple. All fratera courteously In-
vited.
THOS H. BROWNE, Commander.
T. L. HENPERSON. Kecordfr. _^
PACIFIC Lodge No. 136, F. and A. M-, g
Mesocle Teran!?. r*?*ts THIS (F1U- VW
DAY) EVENING. 7 :30 o'clock. Sec- /V\
ond Decree. -
GEOKGE PENLINQTON. Secretary.
FAN FRANCISCO L-jdge No. 3, .^CSj^.
I O. O, F..— Installation of of- -^ge^SSfe I
fleers THi.< .FRIDAY* EVE-^S35*3{3y !
NING, July 24. _ ¦ .' -fcKIO
J. L. HILLERICH, N. G.
J. W. E. ALLEN. R. S.
APOLLO Lodge No. 123. I. O. O. fc
F. — First UeO Degree THIS ->j2>e3Uggfg
(FRIDAY) NIGHT. 8 o 1 clock
sharp. Memor'.&I Hall. Visitors '•JEVW^'
cordially invited.
R. B. DOWNIE. N. G.
W. F. NORCROSS. Recording. Secretary.
BAN FRANCISCO Tent No. jdf&T&bi
18. K. O. T. M.— Review A*G-^-i?i\
THIS (FRIDAY) EVEN- DST^Vsiffl
ING. at 8 o'clock. Pioneer C?J»I
Hall. 24 Fourth st. XtSS {r&J&S
D. B RICHARDS. vX*^«K/by
Record Keeper. Nt^jjygjy
THE funeral detail of the aT-pjy v
Riggers' and Stevedores' \^v
L'mon A^^f.^:ati.-n. begin- :?>??Sf*py»ygfc)
nmg with the name of AL- " ¦'"fr^^nJ?" 1 '
KXANDER RYDER and ending with WAL-
TER SHEELE. will assemble at tbeir hall. .
<:C3 Front St.. SATLRDAY. July 25. at 1
P. xn.. rhs.n>. to attend the funeral of our
late brother. CHARLES YOUNG. By order
of THOS. F. BRYANT. President.
HENRY JEND. Recording Secretary.
THE Bo*rd of Medical Examiners of the State
of California v.-jll bold a regular meeting in
the examination chambers. Civil Service
Cofcimlesion. City Hall, San Francisco, Cal.,
on TUESDAY. Aucust 4. 1&03. at 10 a. m.
GEO. G. GERE. M. P., Secretary.
ANNUAL MEETING — The regular annual
meeting of tie stockholder* of the SprecK-
ele Sugar Company will be held at the office
cf the company. 327 Market st.. Han Fran-
d«co. en MONDAY the 27th iay of July.
1803. at the hour cf 11 a. m.. for the pur-
poce o' electing a board of directors to serve
for the ensuing year and for the transaction
cf rucli ether business as msy ccme before
the meeting. The transfer bocks will c!o*e
ca Friday, July 24. 1&C3, at 3 p m.
W. H. H ANN AM. Secretary.
ANNUAL MEETING— The regular annual
meeting cf the stockholders of the Monterey
County Water Company will be held at the
office cf the cempany. 527 Market St.. San
Franciecc. en MONDAY, the 27th day of
July. 1903. at the hour of 11:30 a. m.. for
the purpose of electing a board of directors
to serve for the ensuing year and for the
transaction of such other business as may
ccme before the meeting. The transfer
books will close on Friday. July 24 1903, at
3 p. tn. W. H. HANNAM. Secretary.
ANNUAL Meeting — The Rtsdon Iron and Lo-
comotive Work* — Thv annual meeting of the
stockholders of the RlFdcn Iron end Loco-
moti-flfe Works, tor The election of trustees
for th«- ensuing year and the transaction of
tuch other business as may be brought be-
fore the meeting, will beTield at the office
of the eo*Bpaay. No. 2»S Steuart street San
Francltco. on MONDAY, the 3d day of Au-
gKSt, 1903. ct 11 o'clock a. ra.
AUGI'STI-'g TAYLOR. SecreUry.
CHEAPEfT .-.ad best in America— The Weekly
Call. 10 paees. eent to acy address In the
United Ftates or Canada one year for $1.
ACCXTS WANTED.
THE only authorized life of Pope Leo XIII.
Written with the. encouragement, approbation
• r.d blessing cf his Holiness by ii.gr. Bernard
O'Reilly. D. D.. LL.D.. who for eight years
lived in the Vatican as domestic prelate to
the Pcpe. This distinguished American au-
- tiiT wa« summoned to Rome and appointed
by the Pope as his o/flcial biographer. Ap-
proved and recognized by Cardinal Gibbons
«r.{ all church authorities as the only of-
ficial biograjihy of the Pcpe. Over SOO
l.ages. magnificently Illustrated. Published in
Er.gliFh. French end German. Uai-aralleled
opportunity tor agents. Best commission
Elecer.t outfit free. THE JOHN C. WIN-
faTOX CO.. 3TS Dearborn »t. Chicago. 111.
TO e':!1 authentic life of Prpe Lee: special
terms; ser.d 25 cents for outfit. G. W. WIL-
LIAMS. 4-"2 Eleventh ft.. OakUnd. Cal.
ASTROLOGY. ™
Astrology tausht. horoscopes ca»t. Prof Hay-
tr.ond. bioktt're. <Mii Ellis. By mal: if Oilred.
ATTOK.\EYS~AT LA\Y\
r.OBT. W. KING. atty-at-Iaw, Examiner bid ,
rm. fill; all caws, damage*, estates, wills,
attachment*, collections, etc.; consultation
free; no advance charge*; call or write;
cveriir.rs by appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
PP.OMPT attention to all case*; divorce.estatd,,
collections; ro fees unless successful; call or
write: eves Tue*. sr,d Frl.: est. 15 yrs. ED-
WARD ACKLEY. 027 Mcrket: tel Jessie 1530.
ADVICE free — I will advance cent in meritori-
ous cane*, divorcee. pir>bate and all other law
ctfef. ro fees In advance: open every even-
lrg. J. M. THT-RSTON. S19 Market St.. r. 31.
ADVICE free; divorces a specialty :quick.quiet;
no charge without fuccpf?; established 15 vrs
G. W. HOWE. 1122 Market st.. opp. HalVa. '
AITKEN" i- AITKEN. attorneys, rs. 3C3-KM1
Clur.ie bldg.. .V« California st. : tel. Main 727.
WICK MATTHEWS, attorney at law. (£3 Mar-
ket ft., room 23; legal advice; .bank refs.
BIRDS. DOCS. ETC.
•YOUNG talking parrotE.15 each :Oerman singing
renariefr, f2; we will try to please : - ou;every-
thir.jt in our line at right prices. 154G Market.
DLSI.VESS CHAXCES.
$T<*> — General express business In country town
close to city, including 4 horses. 2 wagons 2
sets harness, flc. ; all in first-class condition.
Address D., care International Advertising
Agency. 130 SanFome et.
DP.t'G rtore for sale: located centrally In this
city; old established business; modern In all
its OTjyo'.r.tments; tales J2000 per month; in-
ventory 511.000. Address Granules f-ox
<22:: Call.
J.-J5CO— FI RST-CLASS comer grocery and bar;
kept by present owner 15 years; doing good
raying c&*i\ business; no agent*. Box 4314
Call office. '
MAN who knows the country wants man with
some money to Join him on a trip to Alaska-
references. 445 Eddy st. '
OUTSIDE route No. 4 this paper for sale
Inquire hardware tstore. 10th and Folsom ets.
Haireressing: parlors ;cheap;value in sight :good
location; retiring. 1153 Market^bet. 7th-ftth.
SfcOoO— Salr*;n. well located, long established -
go A oppo:tunity; ntirir.g. Mcs5rcan. 8V» Mkt'
SSSO — Delicacy, doing big business: better look
¦ t this: rent $2n. MOSSMAN. S50 Market st.
VINE fmloon on Market et. SC590 GFO '¦
CLARK. 10*;7 Market St.
TOR r>ale — Good paying restaurant, J250. 2723
Sutter rt.
AN outslJe mute for sale. Apply Cajl office.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly Call.
1C raw, (n wrar>r>er. for trtiline. $1 per year
IX>DGI>G-HOrSES FOK SALE.
100 ROOMS: house for men; rent $140 $4000
CS rooms: couth cf Market; rent J100. 2000
24 rcom»; comer; part cash; baL eaty. 850
II rooms; good Income; rent $20 350
21 rooms: water front; rent $40; lease. 650
120 rooms; good lease; low tfnt 6500
67 rms. ;apartments: Western Add; rent. 230
Money loaned at 1 cer cent.
Hcteis. roadbcur.es. flats. 5 to :00 rooms
EITEL & CARROLU 212 K« irnv st.
fI75— 9 ROOMS: 5 furnished; rer.t $S0; 5 sub-
let at ?2K. on 11th st.; 3 of the 5 unfurolsh-
rd. MOSSMAN. 850 Market st.
$<750— 70 ROOMS; 3 years' lease; rer.t $350
IB rooms: rent $45: clears $100; {I.IOO- 0
years' lease. MOSSMAN, 650 Mcrket st.
MARION GRIFFIN, rm. 406. Examiner bWg —
Hotels, arartmfnt houses, fluts and
ROOMING HOUSES. A BIG FREE LIST.
CO LLECTIO* OFFICES. r ~™
P.DV1CE free; bad tenants ejected s;>ve(i'i?*^CO^
LUMBIAN LAW AGCY.. r. 85. »10 Market-
tel. Ked CIS; collections; gen'l law business!
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, room* 3-10: tel. S5S0.
CHIROPODISTS.
DUNLAP FOOT INSTITUTE. 50 Geary— A \l
tlim-r.lj of the feet cured; corn*, bunion?, tic.The standing timber of -Canad* tqaaU
that of the continent of Europe, and la
nearly, double loat of tne United States.
TOPEKA,' Kan.. July 2.1.— Special advices
froth a trustworthy source, rrom: Pratt,' Kans.,
Btate that i there has been * no rain In .-; that
f ectlon : f or .bU w«6ks.\ ant) that the corn, crup
KANSAS CITY. Mo.. July ' 23.— Mr«. - Wil
helmlna Grace . Harrington wan to-day granted
a- divorce front ' "Lord"- Frederick- Seymour
narrtnfrton. f who Is : now under arrest at St.
Louis' ch4rKed;.wlth murder, ; ln the Dlsttlct
Coort-at Kansas City.. K_. ¦-¦....¦•
KANSAS CITY. Mo.. July 23.— Because
of, ah Increase of about 7 cents a ton
that was granted the coal miners of the
Southwest at the PIttsburg, Kane., min
ers'.and.operators' convention, the operat
ors have, decided to Increase the price to
consumers from 50 ccnta to $1 a ton. ,
Increase Falls on Consumers.
HONOLULU, July 21— The Pacific Mall
Steamship Company's Meanver Siberia,
which sailed from Honkonar for San Fran
cisco July 2. has arrived here, one day
ahead of her schedule time.
Siberia r Day Ahead of Time.
' OAKLAND, July . 23-V"Work That
Women May Do in theMatter of Munlci*
pal Improvements,' Y is i the subject of an
address which ; Mayor, Olney . will deliver
before* the- Ebeir Society* on September 8.
Women'i Work for Civic Uplift.
OAKLAND, July 23.— The will of John
Brannan, 1 deceased, was filed for probate
to-day., He leaves property valued at
$3600 to Maggie McBryan of this city and
Eugenio Gruggei: of Pleasant Valley. The
property consists of a lot and j improve
ments at | the northwest corner of Pied
mont avenue and Mather street and val
ued at $3tiO0; ; money In bank,; $200, and an
interest, in a note valued at $400.
Heirs File Will.
The Postal Telegraph-Cable Company,
m direct connection with the Commercial
Pacific cables, also announces that on and
after Saturday. July 23, the rate between
San Francisco and Honolulu will be re
duced from 50 cents ¦ to 35 cents par word.
Midway. 60 cents; Guam. 85 centa: Manila
and Luzon Island. $1 OS; all other Philippine
Islands. $1 15; Hongkong, $1 10; China, $1 10;
Macao, ?l 13; Japan. $1 41; Chemulpov Fusan
and. Seoul in Korea, fl 41; other places la
Korea, *1 49; Formosa, SI 21.
Notice was sent out yesterday that th«
lines of the Commercial Pacific cables
will be open on and after Saturday, July
25, for business between San Francisco
and the Philippine and Ladrone islands,
China. Japan and Korea. To-morrow
therefore this city will be in communica
tion with, the Orient by direct ¦ wire and
the dream of many years will be accom
plished. In connection with this an
nouncement the tolls to be charged for
cable communication are made . public.
The rates per word are as. follows: * ;;* .
According to the allegations ln Whit
ham's petition,- the land has no other
claimants ftrtd Is free to be pre-empted
under, an act "To appropriate the pro
ceeds of -the salea of public lands and
to grant pre-emption rights."
> Whithatn states. that he has'proceeded
according. to the. provision of the law in
regard to. the filing .of ; his claim, but
that; Woods has. refused to -accept it.
Whltham states that . the, land \ he wishes
to( lake up Is ' In" the ; same category with
the balance of the grant and that the de
cision Will affect : the entire: amount of it.-
Suit to establish the status of 500,000
acres of school lands, deeded by the
United States Government to 'California
for State school purposes, was. begun to
day by J. H. Whlthatn against Victor H.
Woods as Surveyor. General of this State.
Whltham is anxious to pre-empt a section
of land ln Monterey County which Is a"
part of, the grant given the. State /Under
an act of CongresB in 1S41 and later con
firmed by an act in 1S91. Judge Hall has
Issued an alternative ."writ of mandate
commanding .Woods to file Whltham's
claim "or show cause why he should not
do so. . , - , :•
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway. July 22.
Mrs. Greenhood says the house wan en-,
tered by a rear door and thoroughly ran
sacked. She insists there Is • no clew to
the miscreants and believes that her be-,
longings were taken by thieves.
French gold-case mantel clock, silver chaf
ins dish, . large silver forks and [knives, half
a! dozen silver soud spoons, one Dronxe vat>e,
one Dresden china vase, three linen tablecloths
and three silver dollars. »
During the temporary absence this noon
of Mrs. S. R. Greenhood from her' resi
dence, 1924 Oxford street, burglars entered
the house and "carried off several hundred
dollars' wortn of 'silverware and. valuable
bric-a-brac. Opinion of the police Is di
vided between theories that the stuff wa-«
carried off by ' **-nt esslonal thieves and
tnat college students did It as a prank. At
any rate the^town authorities, as well as
the Oakland police, have been furnished
with a long list of Mrs. Greenhood's miss
ing-household goods. Among the articles
that have mysteriously vanished are the
following:
i ¦ ¦
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2143 Center street. July 23.
Surveyor General Is Told
to File Claim or
Show Why.
Commercial Spanning of
Broad Pacific Is Ac
complished.
Enter Berkeley House
During the Noon
Hour. *
Mendoza Is charged with being a "cattle
rustler" by James Abrott, a rancher liv
ing ln the hills back of Sunol. The case
has been continued on one pretext or an
other for a year, and Mendoza's com
panions have escaped- from the" cordon
drawn around theql. ¦,
OAKLAND; July 23.— After numerous
delays and mucji Wrangling of attorneys
the trial of Frank Alendoza, charged with
stealing cattle, was begun before Judge
Hall this morning. The day was spent In
the examination of Jurors. Mendoza, with
three companions, .originally had seven
teen charges' of grand larceny against
him. He was tried once at San Jose on
the same statement of facts which will
be presented at the present trial and was
acquitted. . ¦' ¦
Hearing of Oft-Continued Case Is
Finally Begun Before
Judge Hall.
FRANK MENDOZA'S TRIAL'
FOR "CATTLE RXTSTLING"
CABLE TO ASIA
READY TO WORK
WOULD PRE-EMPT
SCHOOL LANDS
THIEVES SECURE
VALUABLE LOOT
AI..AMEDA, July 23.— Bogus checks In
exchange for gpods and good change of
the realm were. offered a number of local
business men by a smooth operator to
day. Martin Joost is out of pocket $4 60
arid John Lubben is short $4 with noth
ing to fihow In exchange but f worthless
drafts on the Bank of Alameda bearing
the namo "D. A., Carrington." Ludwlg
"VVarnke has a check for 110 inscribed with
the same, signature and Alois Kist has
another for $15. Warnke and Klst took
the checks, but as they gave no change
back and failed to find the place where
the swindler ordered them to deliver what
he had bought, they are short on nothing
and longer on experience. No trace of
the operator has been discovered by the
police. V.i J
Bad Paper Man Does Faying Bust*
ness With Some Merchants '
of Alameda. .
TOOK BOGUS CHECKS AND
ARE OUT GOOD CHANGE
THE SAN FRANCISCO -CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 24, 1903.
13
- PERSOSALS. ;
A— FACIAL BLEMISHES REMOVED.
Wrinkle*, yellow and flabby skla, birthmarks,
•mallpox pittlncs and ecars scientifically re-
moved m-Jtfcout cutting, massage, electricity cr
medicine; epecltl demonstration? this week.
Call or write DR. L. WILLIAMS. o'Tl Geary.
MORPHIXK. cp;um and laudanum habits cured
at horse by a palnlees home treatment; In-
dor»*<S e.nd used by leading physicians; corre-
•pendeoc* etrlctly confidential: la plain, sealed
?rvelcr*; tall cr writ* to-<Say. India Drug
Cur». 201 Turk rt.; Bruce P. Klmmla. ilst.
WANTED— 988 men with scalp £ls*a»M>: los»
cf ha!r and baldness prevented (can treat by
ir.atl. blank for etamji): consultation free;
*-.3b to «. tundajR 10 to 12. Pror. GEO. A.
GARLOW. Specialist. roorn_S18. 0*7 Mark«t.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores pray hair. — J-
proves it* growth; etops fallinc, cures dandrua
anA itchlnc scalp; no it_n or etickineis;
cleans** scalp; at drugtiFts'. hairdressers' ;ac-
c»pt no substitute. EUr Remedy Co-.^SS'-^ary.
Js'OT how cheaj>, but how pood, it tfc« raotto of
th« manufacturers of the Rapid Rotary
Ftacdard^the sewing-rr.achlne of to-a*y. ¦*•
W. EVAKS. agent. 1021 Market st.
PHYSICIAN. 16 years' <*P« r '« DC '\ # cur £,P e r:
ir.an«:tlr nsornliln*. cocaine habit, allot
•66ress Central Pharmacy. 251 orant are.,
comer Setter st.; tt* moderate. ;
DANCING Tu*«3ay, Thursday. Saturday and
Sunday evesinrs at Teutor.la Hall. Howard
rt.. near Ninth; msnsptrger.t Prof. 1-oster.
ana trouwrs. at CHARLES LYONS . London
TalloT. 721 Market *t.
ELEGANT EUlTs en f»ry bftalinats: 8» CCOtl
•nd up per week. LEON LEMO8. 112. Mar-
Wet rt.. between Seventh and Eighth.
BfREAU of Practical Information— Formulas
and recipes for everytMng. Room 32. 331
Kearny gt.
eriTS to crccr ca installment*. Sl_ per wwt
Neuhaus & Co.. giercB.taiIor»,?77-7— Market,
ALL etviea ba'.txJrejf-ir.c. 25c; hair goods: mani-
curing 25c. G. LEDHRER. 123 Stockton st,
TAILOR-MADE suit IT 60; dress pants $2 50.
Misfit dc_ Ing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
£UPEKFLT.*Ot"S hair acd mole* removed by
electric r.eedle. Dr.&Mrs.Traverse.llTOMarktt.
*4AS« L'ERAPE oof-.umes. play books, wigs,
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to tt* natural color; fl; at all druggists.
Superfluous fc&ir Sz moles removed with elec-
trtc needle. Mr*. & Miss Eaton. 1119 Sutter.
VAKICCSE veins and catarrh cured at horn*.
Call or wTite for testimonials. Dr. WILL-
1AMS CO.. I4O O>arv yt,. S. P.
ROOMS FOR HOCSEKKEPIVB.
AT M.«i>"Cower: cut rates now for summer. 308
3d St.: (5 up; also beautiful rooms (1 week.
EARTLETT. 413. near Twenty-fifth— 4 larft,
*unny rooms, gas and bath. $14.
ELEVENTH. If*— Two Funny furairhed rocms
for Ti.->uFrkeeplr4r.
FELL. _S— Sunny front con. suite, furn. for
housekpg: fl6: bath, pas ranpe; adultc.
GOTTGH. 706—1 or.. 3 ur.furn. hskrng rooms;
sunny corner; quirt ; adults; call 1 to 3.
HERBERT «The) — Sunny apartment* for
housekeeping; c*s raises; just cewly fur-
TiUhrd. 1&30 Polk rt. ___
JEPFIE. S33 — I-arse Funny front room, furnish-
ed housekeeping; g«« rar.gre; (12 month.
LINDEN ave.. SSI- 2 or 3 nice, clean, sunny
housekeeping rooms; every convenience^
MCALLISTER. MS— Sunny front furn. room.
flO; pas range, bath, laundry^ulte.fT; adult.
OAK 117— Extra sunny furnished suite; sink,
C*s' ranpe. hot bath, laundry; adults; Si:;.
THIRTEENTH. Z<>7. above Howard— 2 Iarg«
front rooms, furnished complete housekeep-
lng: ga» ranre; <l<<.
VALENCIA. 1S7— Three large, sunny room*.
rumlRhed complete for housekeeping; separata
catrsnee fror.t :. r.d back, with bath and (u;
ro tn:_l children; rent $22 50.
A. WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
- 16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
pub^criptions has been established at loi'tl
Valencia Bt. '
IIOOMS TO LET — Furn. and I'nfnrn.
A.A. — City Room Renting Agcncj,
1104 Market St.. cor. Turk, and Market st*..
Room* 3 and 4. Phon« Jesale 4471.
FREE FREE
We locate you free or chanr*
ln Rooms with or without board.
HouMkeepirx Rooms cr Hotele.
A— HOTEL NETHERLAND — EUROPEAN
PLAN. 18 TURK BT.. 4 DOORS FROM
MARKET; TM OUTSIDE ROOMS; STEAM
HEAT AND TELEPHONE IN EVERY
ROOM: RATF.J* TSc A DAT UP; SPECIAL
RATES nr THE MONTH. .
• A— BRUKSWlA House. 1 48 Sixth— Roomi
25c to Jl per right. $1 25 to *3 per week* and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte." S73 Market st. (or No. 1
Firth ft.)— Rooms. t5c. Wte. $1. $1 50 night;
tl 50 to fit) week; house open all night.
ANTLERS. 415 Turk— 3. 4 and 5 room a part -
mer.t« for hkr-g. : rtrictly mod. : elec. elevator.
A LARGE furr.it^ed rocm for 1 or 2 genu:
fc»th; running vx:er; references. 8S8 Post st.
BUUmCZT. 1*^6 Market — <o!d No. 13G4) — Fur-
nished rooms, su.te*. single ; also furnished.
CLIFFORD. 20* E'.Ji*. cor. Mason— Elegantly
{urr.itbed sur.r.y rocrr.i; price* reasonable.
FMLSOM. K.M. nesr Twelfth— Throe mT-
¦ furtUyhcd rc<-,rns. rround floor, rent f 12.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission— Rooms M>=
to H M night: fS to $8 -*e«>k ; rf-ading-room.
HOTEL Bt Yi.-KfiU. S41 «th— New h.iuse, new-
iy turnlshf-;! rooniy. ?1 week up; also suites.
MART. '."0. ncp.r Fifth— Front room $2 a wvck •
ylde room. $1 50 week. ":„-- ' j
ilAPON. *OH, near O Farre'.l— tpstalrs nicely i
furnis.hp<! roorr.». I
OFAHHELL, 20— Sur.ny furnished rocrr.s asd
qflpfs: >l>-va:t',r: r| er . UghU; <*y. week, tr.o.
OF.".RRi:U.. ST1-N>w!y furn. runny rms.
astral; qulft; tc-l.; baths; moderate.
ROYAL House. 12r. E:Uf— Incar.degcent light*.
rt*.dlr.g-roon; f.-r.oV.ltiS-rocm and ladle*' par-
-Icr; rocms pet r.ifht % c to $1 BO; week. $2
'° •*: mor.th. *s to *r.0 ; elevator on ground
floor; roomt with hot and cold water; Uath*.
TO LET— A n»w!y t_t_bc4 front bay-window
room ln new modern flat with use of bath; I
15 Tr.lr.ute*: from Third fc n1 Market ft*.; north
«!de cf Market; hanfiy to 3 car lines; must
fr.ave rcrerctices. Box 13. Call efflce.
itTRK. 416. P.ejrlr.a— Besutifu! runny su'*c<i &
tlccle: latest imptt: lowest rat^, ln the cItr _
INCITED 6TATES. 123 Efidy st near Market
-400 gag* and 1 family rooms; 35c to $1
rlrht; $1 .5 to $B «-«k; elevator electric
IlClitt: i-radirig-raom; free fcug and baggage.
VAN NES8 are.. 6l'i— Renovated; handsotn*
¦usny furnished mites front ring; mod, conv.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Sd «.. near Market—
Mo«t convenient and rerpeetable; 700 rooms-
SSc to $1 50 r:.p!.t. S2 to $$ week- elevator*
elec. light?: reaClng-rcora; free bus ; bagga^el
CLASSIFIED advertiremenu and subscription*
received at Ca.il branch orflce. 2200 FUlmore *t.
A 4 BRANCH office for Call advertisement* and
Vubscrtption* ha* been efttblished at 1036 Va-
jenclm rt.
ROOMS A.VD DOAIID.
HOARD at a cozy, prettily situatM ranch dos*
to city, r>«rfect climate; no children; b*in*
high anfl dry: rpecially adapted for those •¦uf-
fering from rhwumatlsm or luns trouble Ad-
Cres* box 84. Sur.ol, Alameda County.
AMOT. THE 901 DEVISADERO'st!
Strictly first-class family hotel; eur.r.y room*,
cuit* tf F'.ngle; billiards; Eteaci heat.
VAN NEES. 1714 — Belect private boarding-
house; rooms single or en suite; desirable lo-
cation; all conveniences of home.
OLD Stevenson Mansion, cpp. Grace Church,
with annex. 807 California «t. — Attractive tn-
tertcr; exceptions.! table; free billiard -room.
OCTAVIA, C(i6. between Hayes and McAllister
— Roomy. >.-» yp; board $3 00 per week.
TADLE board in family hotel; very cheap, c.
P. H.. box 1S30. Call.
THE JOHNSON. 605 O'Farrell «.— Sunny
*ulte« end tingle rooms, with board: refa.
CLASSIFIED advertiKements and subscrlptioni
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Oil advertisements and
njbscrlptlons ha* been established at 1098
Valencia »t
SEWWC_MACIUSES A.VD SUI'PLIK.H
$15 50 drop-head oak. guaranteed: *econa-hand.
JO to 916: some nearly ntw; 60 days' exchangs
««— *ment. Chicaro S.M.Exrhanse, 833 Mkt.
et.. bet. 6th and fith; phone South 433; eleva-
tor: branch. :>5 <;»>ary »t. : phone Main 750.
__SJC«»A^3^AJVD^AnEHO USES.
A— EMPORIUM Storage _ Van Co.; furniture,
hounebold (food* rtored. moved shipped. 725-
«».i. Howard tt.. near Third: phone Orant 16L
PIERCE-RODOLPH Ftorage & Moving Co., of-
fice Port and Powell t t*. ; tel. Priv. Ex. S7L
CONKLINS ftorare-Furnnure and merchan.
dice. 523 Golden Gate ave.; phone Ea«t 128.
GOLDEN Weet Storage; advance* made; -840
MUKlon tt.; tel. Howard ML F. W. Zehfu**.
PACIFIC Stor*r* and Furniture Movin* Com.
r pahy. 2320 Fillmore tt.; phone Jactoon 281.
tEKINB Van and Btorsit* Co.. 11 Uontrnmerjr
•t.; tti _a_ ISlO. BhiFping tX cut rate*.
RCXJL ¦ ESTT^TE-^ITY----FOR - SAXB.
CHARMING Mill Valley is growtng- very f— t
New houses are I springing up on all sides.
Land values are increasing rapidly. Lyon ft
Hoag have placed a new tract on the market,
right at the nation, and are selling lots at
from f S to ?12 per front foot on terms of 10
per cent cash, balance f 10 monthly. Over 80 \
lets have be«n fold recently. Streets are
traded, water mains laid, electric lights,
etc.; grand old trees. Don't delay, but get
In en the ground floor. Branch office. Mill
Valley, ctftn Sundays. Send for booklet.
LYON & HOAQ, 118 Montgomery at.
$1SCO PAYMENT on S new flats on Mission
et.. nr. 30th: will pay 22 pr ct; rents $45 mo.
|1500 payment on 2 new flats on Army st..
nr. Mission: will pay 20 pr ct; recta $3S mo,
D. COFFIN. 3303 Mission 6t. Open Eunday.
HOTEL snd lot; 40 rooms; restaurant, bar and
billiard rooms; part cash. MOSSMAN. 850
Market st (j • 'J
LOT r>n Third st.: * small buildings; $15,000.
MOSSMAN. S50 Market st.
THE BUILDING CONSTRUCTION COM-
PANY, S11-C12 Callaghan building, will buy
you a lot and build you a house; small cash
payment : $S per month pays : principal and
lntrrert on each $1000 of balance due.
WHOLE block of houses Just started near the
Park on Carl. Cole.Skrader & Parnassus are.;
plans, terms, prices to suit; apply premises.
JAMES ROUNTREE & CO.. 137 Cart at.
NEW houses and flats on Second ave. and C
st. for sale on easy payments; ona bICcfc to
McAllister cars; prices to suit you: open.
FCR sale — House S rms.; high basement; sunny
side l'Jth, bet. Valencia &. Mission; no rcas.
offer refused. Stephens Sc Co., 221 PowelL
FOR sale— 50x100. NW. cor. Eighteenth and
Folsom sts>.. with the improvements. Call at
213S Folsom st. •
6-ROOM bouse on Twenty-first near "Castro.
J. ANDERSON, builder.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call 16 pages, sent to any cdfiress ln the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
pectage paid.
It UAL GSTATE— Country— For Sale.
ALFALFA lands, etock ranches, orchards,
vineyards: Inspected bargains; monthly cata-
logue sent free. C M. WOOSTER CO.. 648
Market st.
SUBURBAN REAL ESTATE.
MATS and Information of San RAfael, Ross
Mill v«ller« and Marln County of ! CRO-
KER A- CO.. real estate agents. 137 Mont-
gomery Ft.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
JUST WHAT TOU ARE LOOKING FOR!
A PRETTY HOME INT ALAMEDA.
Purrounaed by flowers and fruit trees; near
train and schools: only J2S50; lot 73x125.
Nice 5-room cottage and bath.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY,
Tel. Grand 14G1. 15C0 Park et.. Alameda.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERICELEY REAL. ESTATE.
BUSINESS and residence corner for sale in
AlameUa; the NE. comer of Central ave.
and Sixth st., 54 feet "on Central ave. by
123 feet on Sixth et.. containing cottage of
& rooms, bath, patent closets, etc., on
Fixth Et.; also store building on. corner with
living rooms; now doing a fair business; S.
P. narrow gauge station opposite; satisfac-
tory reason* for selling. Apply or address
H. C. BALLHEIMER. 601 Central ave.; Ala-
meda. on premises.
$2300— HANDSOME, well-built 5-room house;
high basement; large lot; lovely lawn; half-
block from cars; $.'J00 cash, balance $20 per
month.
W. C. MORAN. Lorin Station.
" Or C. C. Emslie. Ashby Station.
BARGAIN — Well-built 10-room house; raurt b«
sold: owner leaving. 2433 Warring st. .'•..'¦
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL, ESTATE.
$3<X)0 — NEARLY new, modern colonial cottage
of 1 6 rooms, h'fn basement, brick founda-
tion, porcelain bath, sanitary plumbing:
all ln fine condition; lot £0x140 (note the
«fze); street work all done; stone side-
walks- laid: open lawn; choice residence
location near Grove st.: fine barn, gravel
driveway, garden and a few fruit trees;
must be sold: owner away; cannot be du-
plicated at th« price; must be seen to be
appreciated; terms of payment if desired.
GEORGE W. AUSTIN,
1C02 BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
ALEX. MURDOCK. Chronicle bldg.. San Fran-
claco. for Oakland. Berkeley or rural homes.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE good and cheap this month.^lE
ECHELLHAAS. 408 Eleventh St.. Oakland.
__^ SPECIAL \OTICES.
THE following children have been received at
the Fan Francinco Nursery for Homeless
Children. 1334 Mission ft., since last publica-
tion oj^ gam*-: Albert Haight half orphan,
ago 7 yf-arn; Martha Siebe half orphan, agrs
10 year?: Rtbert Slebe. half orphan age 8
years; Flora Siebe, half orphan age 0 years
HARRIET W. MANNING, Secretary.
SPECIALISTS. ~
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISE3 ln EARS
positively cur«ed; new method; 1 week's treat-
ment free. Dr. Cottlngham. 204 Sutter et.
DR. CARRIE EDWARDS, eye. ear nose and
thrr.at. Removed to 428 Ediy st.
STl'TT— RING A.\D STAMMERING.
MELBOURNE System School, Van Ness and
Market: positive cure for all." Don't delay.
*gS TYPEWRITERS fAlf D SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TY^P^W^TfERS^W^
tell better machines for less money than anr
hcuxe ln the city; rentals $3 The Typewriter
Exchange. G3B California; telephone Main 266.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each- get par-
ticulars. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
gomery et.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented repaired.
Wtbttf r Typewriter Inspec. Co.. 200 Sansom».
PROPOSALS. ~~~
NOTICE tu Contractors — Pursuant to an order
of the Hoard of Trustees of the State Nor-"
mat Hchool of ban Dieco, California^ notice
is iiereliy fciven that sealed proposals will be
received by said board until 2 o'clock p m
of August i>. l»03, for furnishing the ma-
teriais iind performing the labor necessary for
the traction and completion of the west wing
of the San Diego State Normal School build-
ing. Separate proposal* will be received and
separate contracts made for furnishing the
materials and lierforming the labor necev-
Fary for each of the following parts of. said
west wing, to wit: 1 — For masonry work,
including all brick, coucrete and cement
work, and all necessary excavating and fill-
ing. 2 — For the iron work.. 3 — For the car-
penter, plastering, electric and glazing work.
4 — For the plumbing and gasflttlng work. .">—
For the eteam heating and ventilating work,
including the equipping of the central por-
tlun and the east wing of the building there-
with. 0 — For the tinning and galvanized
Iron work. 7 — For the painting and varnish-
ing work. No iToposal will be considered
unless accociuanled by a bond of the pro-
poser equal to ten per cent of his" proposal,'
with sufficient sureties, conditioned that if
his crcuosal shall be accepted he will duly
«nter into a proper contract and faithfully
perform his or their contract or contracts in
accordance with «aid proposal. Each propo-
sal mu^t be made on blanks furnlthed for
that purpose, and, together with the abov-
!i;< :.Uu!.«-'i bond, enclosed in a sealed env'e-
lcpe, addressed to the Trustees of the State
Normal Kcliool of San Diego, California, with
an indorsement thereon showing what por-
tion of the building is covered by th« in-
closed nrouosal. and delivered to the Board
cf Trusteee of the Bute Nofma! School of
Han Dit-go at the office of the school in the
Staw Norrnnl School building at San Diego,
California, before 2 o'clock i». m. of August
8. ia«3. Said proposals will be publicly
opened and contracts based thereon will 4>e
awarded on August 8, l»O3, at 2 o'cloclt
p. m., at the office of the school ln the State
Normal School building at Kan Diego, Cali-
fornia. The VlaiiK, descriptions, bllw and
specilicatlore for Bald west Wingr will be
open to public inspection during all business
hours at the office of Hcbbard & Gill, archi-
teen-, O.rant building, UXiti Fifth et., San
Diego. California, from the date of this no-
tice to the msklng of such contracts. Th«
. Board of Trustees reserves the right to re-
ject any or alt proposals made. State Nor-
mal School of San Diego, California, by, 11.
M. POWER*. President Board of Trustees.*
Attest: FRED W. PARRISH, Secretary.
Dated at Fan Diego. California. thU 20th day
of June, 1903. . ,
UNITED STATES Engineer Office, office of
California Debris Commission, Flood build-
Ing. San Francisco. C»L. July 21, 1003
Healed proposals for building portiohs of dama
'known as Barriers Nos. 1 and 2) on Yuba
Rlv«. TuU County, about 14 to 16 miles
•**>?• M »~svMe. Cal., will be received here
until 12 noon. August 8, 1903. and then pub-
licly opened. Information furnished on ap-
plication. R, P.JOUN8T0N, Captain, En-
gineer*, Secretary.
MARBIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses werW lesued '
yesterday:
Eric E. Okerlund, 27, city, and Gertrude :
Carlson, 24, city.
Max C. Greenberg, 21.* city, and/Agnes Hy-
raan, 21, city. - - ' .
Albums Atkins, 51. 2152 Sutter street, and!
Anna D. Baagster. 39. 30« Noe street. i
Harry E. . McCrea. 26, 1505 Washington
Btreet. and Nellie" E. Clemow, 18, El Paso, Tex.
William N. Dunn, 29, 184 Fourth street, and
Kate M. Kornbaum, 30, Enid, Oklahoma Ty.
John H. Lane. 21, 3941 Twenty-fourth street,
and Naomi O. Mac Donald, 21. 407 Fair Oaks.
William F. -Brong, 30, 612 Van Ness avenue,
and Mercedes E. Ruiz, 21. 614 Van Ness ave.
Charles Adams, 32. 807 ii Union street, and
Gertrude A. Lucas, 31, 2402 Larkin street.
Albart S. Edwards, 21. city, and Delia Clay-
burgh. 21. 1216 Manonlo avenue.
Bernard W. Lester. 40, Santa Ros|, and
Eleanor McNutt, 37,- 878 Geary street
Henry H. Zellerbach. 35, 1550 Fell street, and
Rose Breelauer, 24, 215S Sutter street.
Alfred Nassl. 40, Rocklln, and Amanda Mat-
tila, 24, Rocklin.
Frank B. Gerber, 33, Presidio, and Emma
Miller, 22, 3131 Pierce street.
Willson Bennett, 39, 532 Turk street, and
Clare Bremkamp, 80, 1285 Page street.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices fient by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorssd with the name and residence Of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
JAGER— In this "city, July 20, 1903, to the
wife of Will P. Jager, a son.
REVALEON— In this city, July 22, 1903, to the
wife of Edw. Revaleon'. a son.
STOLNER— In this city, July 20,' 1903, to the
wife of K A.' Stolner. a son.
_________ -
ATKINS— SANGSTER— In this city, July 23,
1903, by tlv> R*v. Philip Coombe, Albums
Atkins and Anna D. Sanirster, both of San
Francisco.
CLAMER— MOLL— In this city, July 21, 1WK,
by the Rev. Herman Gehscke. Fritz damer
and Dora Moll, both of San Francisco.
WHITE— JOHANSON— In this city, July 22,
1903. by the Rev. F. W. Fischer, castor of
F.manuei Evangsllcal Church, Henry L.
White and Stella Johanson, both of San
- Francisco.
_____ __
Armbruster. Sophia Nlcholla, Ernest A.
Cochran. Conley A. O'Neil, Lizzie
Daniels, Sarah E. Paul, Daniel .
De Groot. Peter Plhlstrom, Annie
Donohue, James J. Pierce, Mary
Engestrom. Elizabeth Pierce (Infant)
Ervin. Lulu Sheridan, Thome*
Foute, Rev. R. C. Shortall, Thomas
Frost, AJbert J. Smith. Isaac P. '¦¦
Hanlon, John x Stambaugh. Mary ¦
Harrington, Wm. Treuholt*. Ernest E.
Klevesahl, Ernst W. Vnkovlch. John G.
Kreye, John L. Wagner. Annie , , t
Layden, William H. Xeromldos, Tam
Nelson, George H. ' Young, Charlei C.
Neumann, Henry
_ mmmmm . .
ARMBRUSTER— ln this city, July 22, 1903,
. Sophia, dearly beloved wife of the late Adolph
ArmbruetoT, and beloved mother of George
W., Charlea J., Edward P.. Rudla H. and
William F. Armbrujter. Mrs. John Gardner
and Mrs. B. P. Wilbur, a. native of Clay
County, Missouri, aped 62 years 4 months
and 6 days. (Reading, Pa., and New Orleans,
La., papers please copy.) •
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Friday,
at 11 o'clock, from her late residence, 1515A
Howard street. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery. ' *¦
COCHRAN— In this city. July 23, 1903, Conley
Alexander Cochran, . beloved father of Mrs.
L. E. TobW of San Diego. J. A. .tJochran of
Bakersfleld. Charles A. and W. W. Cochranr
of Los Angeles, Mrs. M. Degener and Robert
E. Cochran of San Francisco, a native of
Virginia, aged 74 years.
CTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors
of Carew & English; 23 Van Ness avenug.
DANIELS— In Alameda. July 23. 1903, Sarah
E. Daniels, widow of the late Seneca Daniels,
and mother of Elmon, Frank and Frfed Dan-
iels, Mrs. J. H. White, Mrs. C; D. Stuart
and Mrs. E. J. Simon, a native of New York,
aged ct years and 11 month*.
It^Frlends and acquaintances are. respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Friday. July 24. 1903. at 2 . o'clock, at the
residence of Mr». J. H. White, 1311) Railroad
avenue. Interment at Petaluma Saturday,
July 25. 1WKJ.
DE GROOT— In this city, July 23, 1903, Petej-.
beloved husband of Juliana de Groot, grand-
father of Mrs. Harry Zitsch, ' and- great-
grandfather of Anna Zitsch, a native of Hol-
land, aged 61 years 10 months and 4 days.
DONOHUE— In Folaom. Sacramento County,
Cal., July 18. 1903, James J., . beloved- son
of Martin and Johanna Donohue. and brother
of John T.. Mary E.. Kathryn 8., Frank M..
Agnes, Alfred E., Maud I.. Florence and
Genevleve Donohue of Tomales,' - Marln
County, a native of Marin County, Cal.,
aged 21 yearn 3 months ami 5 Oays.
CyThe funeral will take place to-day
(Friday), at :• o'clock, from the parlors of
McAvoy & Co.. 1230 Market etreet. thence
to St. John's Church for services. Interment
. private.
ENGESTROM-^In this city. July 22. 'l&03,
Elizabeth, relict of the late Fritz Engeatrom,
a native of Sweden, aged 81 years. (Boston
and Chicago papers please -opy.)
I_"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of Halsted & Co.. 940 Mission street. Inter- ;
mer.t Laurel Hill Cemetery.
ERVIN— In this city, July 23, 1903. at 472
Fourteenth street. Lulu, dearly beloved
daughtf-r of Daniel W. and Alice Ervln, and
beloved sister of Alice, Anita and Clarence
Ervln, a natlvo of San Francl.«co.
ICTNotice of funeral hereafter.
FOUTE— In this city," July 23, 1903, the Rev.
Robert Chester Foute, retitor of Grac<?
Church, and president of the Standing Com-
mittee of the Diocese of California.
E7Funeral from Grace Church Saturday,
at 2 o'clock.
FROST— In East Oakland, July 23, 1003, at
1523 Eighth avenue, Albert James,' beloved
eon of A. A. and Abby F. Frost, and grand-
son cr Mrs. S. 13. Frost, a native of Oak-
land, Cal.. aged 5 years 11 months and 20
days. ¦ ; ' . .
HANLON— In this city. July 2J, 1903. John
beloved husband of Ellen Hanlon. and loving
father of W. J, Hanlon of Stockton, Cal
Philip N., Robert D. and Katie Hanlon Mrs
T. F. Oreaney. Mrs. C. D. Uoehm and the
late John J., Edward D. and Henry P. Han-
lon, a native of County WIcklow. Ireland
aged 85 years and 7 months. (Calaveras pa-
pers please copy.) '
— CTThe- funeral will , take place to-day
(Friday), at 0 o'clock, from tils late resi-
dence. C01 Seventh Etreet, thence to St. Rose's
Church, where a solemn requiem^ mass jwlll
be celebrated for the repose of nis soUl, com-
mencing at 9:30 o'rlock. Interment Holy
Crops Cemetery. 'V.
HARRINGTON— ln this city, July 22, 1903,
William, beloved son of *Slary and the late
Daniel Harrington, and brother of James
and Kosi« Harrington and - Mrs. William
Ward, a native of San Rafael, Cal./ aged 31
years 11 months and 17 .days.
B7Frien<is and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to Attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at l»:."t0 o'clock, from the parlors
of McAvoy & Co.,' 1239 Market street, be-
tween Eighth and Ninth, thence - to St. Jo-
seph's Church for services. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery, by electric funeral car from
Eighteenth and Guerrero streets. :,
KLEVESAHL— In this city, July . 23, 1903,
Ernst William, beloved husband of the late
Sophie Klevesahl, and father of Emll, Henry
Minnie. Fred, Julius and Sophia' Klevesahl.
a natlvs of Germany, aged 74 years 5 months
and 14 days. A member of Germanla Lodge
No. 1718, K. of H., and Concordla Lodge
No. 122. I. O. O. F. ¦ \ •;• ' j
CT'Notlce of funeral hereafter.
KREYE— In Alameda, July 21, 1903, John L
beloved husband of Anna L, Kreye, and de-
voted father of Lizzie Kreye, a native of
Meinburg Germany, aged 01 years. A mem-
ber of Hannoveraner Vereln. (Sacramento
papers please copy.) • • -
pyFrlendg and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend: the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 10:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 827 Taylor avenue, between Eighth
and Ninth streets, Alameda, .and thence by
electric funeral car, leaving foot of Market
street at 12:45 o'clock to Cypregg Lawn Cem-
etery for Interment.
LAYDEN — ln this city, July 23, 1903 Wil-
liam 1J-, beloved son of Michael Layden and
brother of James, Charles and Walter Lay- '
den and Mrs. J. T. Crummey, a native of
San Francisco, aged 36 years. .--• ,
ETThe funeral will take ~ place to-day
(Friday), at 9:30" o'clock, from the parlors
of Carew & English. 29 Van -Ness avenue.
Interment Holy Cross. Cemetery.
NELSON— In this cfty» July 23. 1908, George ¦
. Horatio, beloved husband of Mary C. Nelson, '
_~~ — ; j
|) OFFICE: 916 MARKET ST. j J
HEriRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr. "*
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3 l
20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School. - •
'Telephone South 80. ~ . *
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
. Funeral Directors and Embalmers——. i
Formerly in Metropolitan Temple - ' ¦ t
/Kbwit B(i9 MISSION, Tel. Soiith 167 ' 1
Between Fourth and Fifth,' Near Fifth St. 1
Finest Equipments at Moderate Rates. " I c
• and father of Jessie R. Nelson. Mrs. James
R. Leavell, Mrs. Aibln R. Johnson And W.
/ Wallace Nelson/ a native of Nelson, Scot-
land, aged C4 years 3 months and 28 days.
NEUMANN— In this city, July 23, 1903,. Henry
Neumann, beloved brother *of Dora von 8ta-
rten, PoDhle Rensche .and Gretehen Lilken-
¦ dey, a- native of Bremervoerde, Germany,
- aged 73 years 8 months and 16 days. v
(CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
, fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
' at l'-o'clook. from the funeral
-.parlors of the H. F. Maass ComDany, 917
, Mission street. . Interment Mount Olivet
..Cemetery. , T ; .'
NIOHOtiLS— In Spokane, Wash.. July 20, 1303,
¦ -Ernest : A.,- beloved son of Elizabeth J. and
the late William Nlcholls, brother of Wil-
liam J., Edwin, ' I<l*zle and Albert M. Nlch-
olls,' and nephew of Mis. James ttuckett and
William and Thomas Pearce or Virginia City,
Nev., a native of Virginia City, Nev., ased
21 years and 7 days. -— .
ICT 1 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from - the family
residence, 1022 Mission street, thence to the
Church of the Advent, Eleventh street, near
Market, for services. --Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery. '.. •
O'NEIL— In this city, July 23, >l»03, Lizzie,
bclovrd wife of the late John O'Neil, mother
of' William. John and. Edward O'Neil, and
eht«r of Mrs. W. II. Nolan and the late
• Annie F. Lennon and John and David Dona-
hue, a native of Dostcn. Mais., aged 42
years 11 months and 23 days. •
1 EP remains at the ¦' parlors of Porter &
White, 122 Eddy street. , Notice of funeral
hereafter.
PAUL— In this city. July 23, 1B03, Daniel, be-
loved son Of John and Nora Paul, and
brother of Marie and Raymond Paul, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 1 year 7 months
i and 5 days. .
PIERCE— In this city. July 23. 1003, Mary
Pierce, dearly beloved wife of Frank Pierce,
beloved mother of Charles. Frank, Annie,
VlftnatJus and Mary Pierce, daughter of Sarah
A. McLaugrilln and the late Corneli.ua O'Don-
nell, sister of Brother. D. F. O'Donnell. g. J,,
and John T. and James C. O'Donnell. and
stepsister of Sister Mary Paul, Sister of
Mercy, and Sadie McLaughlln, a native of
San Francisco, aged 37 years 3 montha^nd
0 days. * ""
(ETFrlen-ls and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
< Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her n%ther. 2740 Folsom street, be-
tween Twenty-'thlrd and Twenty-fourth,
thence to. St. Peter's Church, Alabama street,
near Twenty-fourth, -where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock., Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
PIERCE— In this city. July 22, 1903, Infant
son of Frank and Mary Pierce.
P1HLBTROM— In this city. July 22, 1903. Annie
Plhlstrom, a native of Sweden, aged 32
years.
(CTFrlenJ* and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to Attend- the funeral to-day
.(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
Halted & Co.. SUB Mission street. ¦ Inter*
Jmeht •¦ Laurel "-HIH Cemetery. V ¦
SHERIDAN— ln this city, July 23. 1903.
Thomas; beloved father of Lillian Sheridan.
a native of Liverpool, England, in his 66th
year.
CNotlce of funeral hereafter. ..-
EHORTALL— In San Rafael, July 23, 1903.
Thomas, beloved husband of Margaret Short-,
all. and father of E. P., Mary A., Thomas
.'J., Gertrude, William L. and Angella R.
•Bhortall and Mrs. J. J. Hayden. a native of
Cashel, County Tlpperary, Irfland, afced 62
years 0 month* and 20 days. . .
EyRemalns at the home of Mrs. J. A;
Ledden. 1711. California street. Notice of
.funeral hereafter.
SMITH— In this city. Jujy 10, 1003. Isaac Platt
Smith, beloved brother of Albert C. William
and Ge«rge E. Smith, a native of New York,
agt-d fid years 3 months and 20 days.
, CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral " service*
Sunday, July 20, 11)03. at 10 o'clock, at the
chapel of Charles H. J. Truman & CO., 1801)
'Mission ' street, between Flftee.nth and Six-
teenth. Cremation I. Q. O. F. Cemetery.
STAMBAUOH— In . this city, ".July 22. 19oS,
Mary Stambaush, dearly ' beloved ' wife of
..Georfre Stambaujth, beloved, daughter of
I Mary and the late John Lacoete, and Bister
. of Thomas, Bernard, ROsa and LUzle Lacoste
: nni),Mri. George Lewis, -a native of San
Francisco, acred 27 years 1 month and 12
days.
' tC^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral fe*rvlces
to-day (Friday), at 1 o'clock, at the »e#l-
.dence or her mother, 1163 Nineteenth av«-
nue south, corner of H -street south. South
San Francisco. Interment Mount. Olivet
Cemetery.
TREUIIOLTZ— In Oakland, July 22, 1903, Er-
nest Eebert.' dearly beloved son of Dr. and
Mrs. C. S. Treuholtt, a native Of Fort Eg-
bert, Alaska, aired 1 year 6 months and 17
days. (Victoria, B. C, and Seattle papers
please cbpy.)
: {£7"Friends are respectfully Invited to at-
>nd the funeral Friday. July 24, at 2
o'clock, from the residence of M. Treuholtz,
1065 West Btreet. Oakland.
VUKOVICH-ifn this city July 23. 1903, John
G., beloved husband bfliyda' J. .Vukbvtch,
father of Angelina Vukovlch, and brother of
Nikola, Mltar. ' Dusan and ' Milan Vukovlch.
Mrs. Ljubo Mllojevich and Mrs. Peter ' 8.
Setencich, a native of Dubrovnik, Dalmatla,
aged 32 years. *
WAGNER (nee 8CHNOOR)— In th!« city. July
2.1, 1U03. Annie Wagner (nee Sehnoor), be-
loved wife o' Frederick Waener, 'and de-
voted mother of John, Chris, Richard and
Annie Schnoor and Mrs. Olsen. a native of
Schleswig-Holsteln. Germany, aged 03 years
0 months and 28 days.
XEHODIMOS— In the City and County Hospi-
tal, July 23, 19OT5. Tam Xerodlmoa, a native"
of Greece, aged" 23 years.
YOUNG— In this city, .July 22,» 1003, Charlea
Casper, dearly beloved husband of Sarah
,Youne, beloved father of Charles Young, and
brother of George and Peter Young and Mrs.
William Rehker, a native of Hull, England,
ageri 52 years 3 months and 22 days.
icyFrlenda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Saturday), at 2 o'clock, at his late
residence, 112 Valparaiso street, between
Taylor and Jones, Filbert and Greenwich.
Interment Laurei Hill Cemetery.
::::y.y .•*,•?.•.¦?<¦-;¦¦¦¦ '-y-v "¦¦ ¦"'/••• ¦¦*< "'.¦ '¦'.'.'¦¦¦¦¦¦••¦• •".•"•" ¦.¦•••.•r-.*..-->"**^<.v j, -,.^. , _^*, ,,.
; ..¦.¦ "-'• ¦ ¦¦.¦>: .¦¦.¦:¦..¦.¦¦¦ ¦ . . .. .¦..¦¦.¦_¦ : ¦:'. : . :¦¦¦;. ¦¦ ¦.-.¦¦¦¦ , , ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ -. ¦ . ¦ . • . ¦:-.- . : ¦ -. ..,.¦- ._;¦ " . "..-.' ¦¦.'¦""'.. ¦ . ¦ ¦ : ¦ ;. . . -.- ;¦ .:-.:¦.- .. ... . '¦. -.¦. . ¦.¦.-. .'. :...•>.- ". '.;'¦:¦¦ ¦.:•;¦¦-¦*¦¦ '¦'¦¦ '-¦¦¦•**.¦<¦¦'-¦ ¦ ¦ . . ' ¦ ¦ ¦ . . * ¦...-.-]
- - ,
" ¦.¦¦¦¦¦¦ ¦-.,¦¦- ..¦¦¦,.....-.. ; v : ¦ ¦¦ .- .¦¦¦ . :¦ ¦¦-.. •.¦¦...¦•.-.¦.¦.¦¦¦¦ .¦ ¦ . . -.¦:¦: . ¦ . . ¦.¦.¦¦.¦...¦.¦-¦.¦. ¦ -.¦:¦ . .-¦ -. ¦ ¦ . . . t .- . ¦: .-.¦ ¦..¦-.¦ . ¦-...¦.¦ - ¦ ¦ .¦ .-.¦ ¦¦•-.¦¦_¦¦¦ . -.:.'.: ¦ '•..-.> ¦•'¦£¦:'..-.&
i" ¦.-:¦.":¦¦.¦¦¦:::¦¦ ", ".;.-¦.¦¦ : ¦•¦ ¦ :¦ ¦ ¦¦¦• ¦ • ¦, ¦ ,¦¦ ; ,- ¦.. ¦¦¦¦;:.¦ . ¦¦¦-.¦ ¦¦ ¦¦¦¦..-.¦....¦¦¦.:.¦ . - .¦,¦¦.¦ : ' ¦ ¦.•¦..:¦.¦¦¦ ¦ ¦¦ -¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦¦¦:•¦ '¦'.-¦ 8B____St '¦'¦-' '¦ . > -¦ JgS___ 1w8l__y_PS^_!63_
'.¦•'::¦¦¦..:¦¦:.¦.-.,¦..¦¦: ¦¦¦.¦.-¦.¦:¦: .-¦-. ¦¦• ¦::•¦::¦¦¦..:¦¦:¦¦.:".¦¦ ,.¦.¦¦¦¦¦::¦ :¦:.:¦¦: ¦-¦¦.¦.¦¦.¦".::¦-. .. ¦¦:¦¦.¦¦": -¦...¦ ¦¦ ¦¦ '¦•-:' :' rt . aP>)MHgR-C»'Ca—t- ' '-r'- ¦": ¦:.-. '\. ;¦¦. .*•::¦.¦ "'¦¦¦¦ - : " _P5S_»lw " '¦ " .___HP__S«S32__W«&?J\*|
¦ ¦'.:•, ' ¦-: ¦-; ¦¦;• : :¦; ¦¦ ¦ ¦ ; ..'¦ •: :• ¦ ¦ — ¦: ¦¦¦¦>: ;-,- ' . .•: .-.-. -. :¦ ¦ • : - •¦ :¦-..'¦ ;'¦.;.. '¦--¦.:-¦.-...: ¦',;¦¦'.-¦. T -¦'":¦ ¦.¦;.>¦-¦- '• _ •¦-.-.¦".": ¦¦¦¦ ¦¦¦• . '-'¦ JMHW cifi-tv- m3CB^B_4HbHUB3C3BBBK>^99^K9
;¦:.¦/¦:¦¦ ¦:¦:¦¦¦ ¦¦¦¦¦¦ ¦¦ ¦: .¦-¦": ;..¦.¦¦.¦-. . .¦ ¦ -. .-• ¦"¦::¦.-. /¦: .-:¦. ¦¦¦• ¦ v. -.¦....¦ : . ¦ ¦¦ . ¦:¦-..-..- '.¦:¦¦¦¦.¦¦¦ ; .¦ ¦:¦ ¦¦ .-. . ¦. jW^MjiTftt__iH jj_3e "¦ lltn. "' '¦ . ¦ " . ¦ ¦¦¦¦- ¦- fjff'*' TC JBMI '* **'''- m3l__Bh5P_1_H_| : "H *^-y' I
I |^ h p I #H| r*i f\ W^ f^ I* i^5 f§
ree Oil Painting
With Next Sunday's Call.
, There is nothing in the wide, wide world quite so appealing as home.
t Be it ever so humble there is no spot like the habitation of the individtu_
man. Rich or poor, high or low, good or bad, prince or pauper, the in-
- clination is for home, and any picture that represents home ties or • horns
features touches the wannest spot in the hearts of all men and women.
Apropos of this, The San Francisco Call presents as its art supple-
ment next Sunday an oil painting' which is a perfect reproduction in color
of the celebrated picture by Henry P. Smith entitled "The Old Home;
stead." It represents a New England farmhouse and possesses artistic
qualities of the highest order. Its composition is well balanced, its color .
harmonious and there is a satisfying fidelity in the completeness with
which the details are elaborated. There is an element of outdoors in the
whole beautiful scheme. The farmhouse, with its antique, cozy character,
its great elm tree in front, its-rich greens surrounding and its air of
shade," comfort and coziness are peculiarly attractive.
Smith, the artist, is one of the most successful of New York pie-
, ture-makers and he is one of the most cultivated men in the art world.
Hitherto he has devoted himself largely to Venetian /scenes — pictures of- :
architectural wonders of the Old World. The present effort is an innova-
tion; it* passes from the grandeur of Granada and Seville to the homely
* comforts of a New England homestead. The change shows great -wfrsatil-
ity in the artist and has in it an atmosphere that is peculiarly graceful
and charming*
California readers will be especially interested in this attractive pic-
ture of Eastern homeliness and natural luxury, conveying as it does a de-
licious sense of coolness that seems to exude from the canvas.
FREE, of .Course, With Next Sunday's Call!
f ' -
The Call is Sold by All Newsdealers on the Coast
They Are Framing Call Art Supplements
. The Following Art Dealers Are Making a Specialty of Framing
Call Art Supplements:
Sacramento— Hevener, Mier & Co., ' Oakland— E. J. Saake, 13 Tele-
615 J street; C. N. Davis, book graph avenue; J. A. Barlow, 369
store, 817. K street. Twelfth street.
Petaluma— H. S. Gutermute, J. M. Alameda— C. P. Magagnos, 1358
/ San Jose — George Denne, M. Len- San Diego— W. P. Fuller & Co., y *
Stockton— Morris Bros.' Bookstore, Bedding— W. H. Bergh, "Bergh
20 North Eldorado street; Stockton ' Furniture Company."
Racket Store, 711 East Main street; Fresno— Sronce & Dick.
Gage's art store, 509 East Main Redwood City — W. L. Kline,
street; Weber's art store,^425 East Santa Cruz — H. E. Irish, Cook* •
Main street. Bros., F. R. Hew, George Hoban.
Marysville— G. W. Hall. Chico— Fetters & Williams.An English '. p«er'* hearty reception by &[
comic opera chorus. S«V the Wasp * • |
' .Look out ' f or ', counterfeit paper. Bank • 8tock
paper has the watermark. Hold it to the light.*
The -balance''" of. this i week! all the $1.00
skirts /will ; be \ sold at . 50c;: the $4. 00
skirts, $2.25 ; $10.00 and $12.00 coats,
$6.00; the;imported $40.00 suits, $18.00;
at Kelly &LlebesV 120 Kearny St.. •
$1.00 Crash Skirts 50c.
Major. Devol, general superintendent of
the army ' transport u service, 1, states that
the Sheridan will sail for Manila oh August
1 via Honolulu and i Guam. • The - Thomas
will sail September 1 over the same route. 1
Announces * Sailing Dates.
M.'-C. Harrison, manager and owner of
the'American bark Yosemlte, filed a libel
yesterday in the United States District
Court against V. Contardl. owner of a
one-eighth interest In the vessel, to recover
$913,* balance due -on "money, advanced for
the repair and- outfitting of the vessel.
Maritime Libel Filed.
San Francisco ; Postof flee Employes,
Together Iwith the : Fire Department, have
now-been supplied with' Murine Eye Rem
edy, as It so quickly cures red, sore and
Inflamed eyes- and - eyelids. - Sold by all
druggists and opticians,, 50c. > ' •
Mrs. Charlotte Bodmex, 1424 Bush street,
reported to j the j police yesterday that on
Wednesday afternoon V a man* about 20
years of age called ; at her. house to "see
rooms she had to rent. He looked at a
room and asked her to bring him a glass
of water. , After ; he : drank \ the ': water, be
said he .would, return with Mis wife to see
the room and • shortly after' he \ had gone
she that? he had; taken with
him a purse containing a gold watch.
Sneakthief at Work.
John O'Brien, , who stole two checks of
the value of, $50 from Carl Moblus.'a crip
ple.^in a saloon, on Kearny street, near
Jackson, and. was arrested on a charge of
grand | larceny, was s allowed to plead guil
ty ".to I petty larceny before Police Judge
Conlan yesterday. .He was sentenced to
serve six months In the County Jail. ;
O'Brien to Serve Six . Months.
Yesterday was an unlucky day for
drivers. Four teamsters were treated at
the Emergency Hospital for Injuries by
accidents. Charles Otts of 438 Van Ness
avenue was thrown out of his wagon. v He
sustained a fracture of the right leg and
ankle. R. Glovannitti was thrown from
a wood cart. Two ribs were broken. Af
ter treatment at the Emergency Hospital
he was taken to the City and County
Hospital. E. ; HIelman of 413Va Seven
teenth street while trying to extricate
himself from a runaway at Geary and
Mason streets, fell on the wheel and
fractured a rib. James Greely was in
jured by falling from a wagon at Sutter
street and Central avenue. His Injuries
were treated at the Park Emergency
Hospital. Charles Jones, a driver for a
lumber firm, ', received a beating at the
hands of a man who disputed his right
of way at Bluxom and Fourth streets.
Unlucky Day j for Teamsters.
! Michael James Byrne, a teacher from
Cambridge,' Mass., on his way to Manila,
arrived here .'on the overland train on
Wednesday, night and while he was walk-
Ing to the baggage-room at the ferry he
was relieved of his pursed containing $27.
He ¦ reported his loss to the police and
Captain Martin detailed Detective Egan
on the case. ¦. : \ ' . .."/;;¦=?'¦
Pickpocket at the' Ferry.
Shoes 25c a Pair.
To-morrow (Saturday) we give you the
choice of 2500 . pairs of ladles' fine shoes,
all • sizes, for; 25c a pair. These are all
good makes, 'worth • not - less than $3 00 a
pair. J A big line of children's school shoes
at 35c a pair; be sure and get some. Boys'
shoes 75c a pair;' high grade quality. Last,
but not least, ¦ 1000 pairs men's shoes, of
Bannister's, Johnson & Murphy, Boyden's
and Nolan's make, in all sizes and styles,
for 85c a\ pair, considered extra value at
%t 60 a pair. Sale Saturday 9 o'clock. Busy
Bee Shoe Co., 1029' Market street, above
Sixth. * : .-- :. • . - •
In other words, he lays down the rule
that evidence as to the birth of a Chinese
in the United States should be of a con
clusive and convincing character In or
der to entitle him to admission.
In rendering his decision the Secretary
says that the fact that the witnesses
have not been impeached in any way does
not impose the necessity, of accepting
their 'testimony; that It wls such a case
that any impostor might take. The Sec
retary says it should be within the power
of those interested in the applicant to fur
nish evidence of a more conclusive na
ture. :-:VV ¦ v-
A letter was received yesterday by
United ; States Immigrant Commissioner
Hart North from George W. Cortelyou,
Secretary of the Department of Com
merce and Labor, dismissing the appeal
of Wong Gee Shlng, a passenger who ar
rived on the steamship Siberia on May 15
and who claimed a right to enter the
United States on the ground that he was
a native of this country.
Chinese Claiming to Be American
Born Should Prove That Fact
Host Conclusively.
SECBETART CORTEIiYOTJ
WANTS BETTER EVIDENCE
"Will Install New Organ.
The Church of the Advent on Eleventh
street, near Mission, of which Father
Parrlsh Is rector, will shortly install a
new organ. This' will replace the one
now in use. which j in Its time was tf he
largest in the State. , The^new Instrument
will comprised main body of 523 pipes, a
swell organ {. with twenty stops and ©>6
pipes and a pedal organ of ninety sixteen
foot pipes. The new organ will be in
place by October-1 and will be, dedicated
by^a grand'muslcal festival, in which the
choir of St. Luke's and the Church of the
Advent will take part. •
Q— Is It not a fact that P. E. Bowles of
the American National Bank . made a demand
on you for the Inspection of ¦ your warehouses
on May 28? A.— He did. ¦, r
Q. — Then was not < that an unusual | occur
rence which might have prompted * Josua to
demand his back salary? A.— Such things
have happened 'before. - ,
Q. — Well; waa there anything else that hap
pened between May 28 and May- 31. which
might have caused uneasiness? A. — No.
Q.— Did you , not have an interview with
Bowles on .Tun** 3? A. — Yes.
Q.— Isn't It a fact • that after the meeting
you had with B6wles on June 3 ;you ordered
the bookkeeper • to date the- entry to ¦¦ Josua's
credit on, May 317. A. — I do not remember. ¦
Q. — What happened at the meeting you had
with Bowles at Attorney Chlckering's 1 of flee ? -
This raised a strong objection from Ach,
who claimed" that his client need not an
swer any questions which might ; have a
tendency to Incriminate himself in • the
criminal action now pending. Eppinger re
fused to answer further than to > say that
as a result " of % the meeting he had, given
Bowles a' note of Peter Cook and one? of
Jones & Co. as securities.
Under- questioning by. Attorney. Freld-
' Q. — What caused you to order credit to your
son Josua on May 31, -when you. had not done
so prior to that time for six years? A. — My
son asked It. I supposed that it' had* been
credited yearly.' - ¦ - " ¦'- . ; *
Q. — Was there any . particular circumstance?
Was there nothing in the conduct of the busi
ness which might-, have caused ' Josua Eppinger
tr>. demand -the salary credited to him? A.—
Not that I knew of. . - -- .'
The questioning attorney; then estab
lished by Eppinger's admissions the cause
for Josua's j precipitate < haste in demand
ing the salary which. he had left on the
books, for six years and which he se
cured only- a few. days vbefore the 'firm
became bankrupt. He showed the signifi
cant relation between . the explanations
demanded by P. E. Bowles, president of
the American National; Bank,, on May 28,
relative. to the lack of grain in the ware
houses and the - hasty - request of Josua
Eppinger for, his back salary. '
'. The examination on this . point ran as
follows: • •¦. •' ¦ . ' • »•' ¦*:'/ V-.
SEES STORM APPROACHING.
Q. — There were two months, from March 31
to May 31, which were not covered by this
Item. How do you account for that? A. —
Josua wanted to balance his account for six
years. .-.„",.
Q.— What is the debit charge as shown by.
that book against Josua Eppinger on May 31?
A.— $56,329 12.
Q.— Do you know what that means? A. — It
means that he has been charged up with that
sum for various owlngs of cash which he had
withdrawn during the period covered by that
entry.
Q. — The effect of crediting your sen with
$42,000 on May 31 was to offset the debit col
umn of Josua Eppinger, w.as it not? A. — Well,
he owed that much less. \ ¦ . . -
Q. — How do you explain that entry, credit-
Ing your son with $42,000? A. — On or about
May 31 Josua came to me and said he would
like to get what was coming to him on the
books and I wrote a note to the cashier tell
ing him to give him what was due him ac
cording to his credit account. Josua carried
the note to the cashier.
er on some suspicious entries as follows:
Q. — On the account of Josua Eppinger there
are debit charges from June 1, 1901, to May
29, 190»r The only credit, charge is the item
$12,600 which has been carried over from an
old ledger. But on the credit side of the
account for May 31, 1903, there Su the entry:
By expense account — Salary from February 28,'
1897, to March 31. 1903, at $7000 per year,
total $42,000. Now is it not a fact that for
the • last six years Josua Eppinger was I not
credited with any salary? A.— I see no credit
on the books.
. Q.— Did you ever • ascertain how the dis
crepancy wa 8 accounted for In the bcoks? A. —
No. I never did.
Q. — When did the firm of Eppinger & Co.
last take an account of assets and liabilities?
A. — So long ago that I have. forgotten. Not
within ten years- at least.
; Q.— Did you ever ask for it? A. — Yes, I
asked my brother Jacob several. times, but he
told me to leave things alone. ',
' Q. — Then could you say at the end of this
year 'Whether the firm lost or gained? A. — I
could only guess. ' I observed In a rough way.
-With • this ' Attorney : Freldenrlch | an
nounced that he. had closed the examina
tion of Herman Eppinger. He asked that
a subpena be served on P. E. -Bowles
of the American National Bank to ap
pear, with the securities and notes- he
had received from | Her/nan Eppinger at
the next sessions which will take place
on Thursday, July * 30. • Jacob Eppinger
will probably be on hand at that time
to testify. i / . ¦;¦".,•-. '— ; ;.'> :;.V'!/
. The admissions were then drawn forth
that for some. time before the firm went
to the wall it was the custom of Jacob
Eppinger to draw on his account without
any entry being made against him on the
books. • Eppinger: also admitted that for
at -least, ten years no balance sheet had
been struck at the end of the year's busi
ness. -His answers follow: ;
Q- — Was anv one other than, a member of
the firm authorized to draw checks from the
firm. on their account? A. — No.
• Q. — Did it ever come to your knowledge that
a member, of the firm , was drawing checks
without " the amount being placed against his
name on the debit column of nls account?
A. — Yes, my son spoke to "me about it about
a month before the failure. .
Q.— Isn't It a fact that as far back as last
October you first heard of this practice? . A.—
I do not remember dates.
Q. — Did. Josua investigate the amount of
these 'uncredlted drafts I on • Jacob's .account?
A. — He was doing so when the failure came.
' Q- — You say that you 'have 'always taken an
active cart in the business of the office and
yet- you did not investigate It2 - A. — I left
that to my son. Ettllnger spoke to Jacob
about It also.
enrich, Eppinger . stated that aj.1 the
property he had In the • world was $77 48
in the First National Bank of Oakland.
$16 50 in the Canadian Bank* of Com
merce in this city, and worthless shares
of mining stocks. His Insurance amount
ed to the following: Equitable Life, $50.
000; Mutual Life, $10,000; Germania. $5000;
National Union Society, $5000; Working
men's Society, $2000. All of these policies
Eppinger averred were in the name of his
wife. He said that he had transferred
the Equitable policy, to her name in Feb
ruary last, prompted by love and affec
tion.
MEMBER OF THE DEFUNCT FIRM OF EPPINGER & CO. AND HIS
SON, WHOM HE INDIRECTLY IMPLICATED YESTERDAY WHILE
TESTIFYING BEFORE THE REFEREE IN BANKRUPTCY.
Property owners on Twenty-first ave
r.ue, between Lake street and the Pre-
Eldio reservation, petitioned the Board of
Supervisors yesterday to establish the
grade of the avesue named and have it
pewered and macadamized at once. The
petitioners Fay the street Is in a deplor
able condition.
Want Avenue Improved.
"Vacation 1003," j Issued by this company,
tells where the hunters can stop,, terms,- etc •
To kill a deer Is an ambition we all possess.
¦We are never too old or too young for this
sport. If we could only Jump up and "get
there" quick! In this. respect the residents of
the bay counties have the advantage over the
residents of ! any other part of the United
States. Mendocino and Sonoma counties are
practically a deer park and only a few. hours*
ride from San Francisco. Leaving San Fran
cisco In the morning, the hunter reaches Wll
llts, in the heart of Mendocino County, in time
for dinner, and Geyservllle. Cloverdale, Hop
land. Uklah and other Intermediate rail points
considerably earlier. If you do not plug a deer
that evening you are in good shape for an
early morning' start. , The deer throughout this
section, along the California Northwestern
Railway, are more plentiful this season ttian
for years. The game has been well protected.
So many of the farmers take boarders, 1 they
have learned the value of deer as an attrac
tion, and have Joined hands with the law- in
protecting them. - ¦ . ' • ¦ ¦ " • . ¦
The open season for deer In Sonoma County
is from July '15 to .August 31, inclusive, and
in Mendocino County until September 30. in
clusive.- . • - ¦ * " . . . • . -• ¦ ¦
For how many months does this "tale of his
shoot" Interest , himself. It -not his friends.
His recital may vary, but no matter bow many
he may tell of haying seen after shooting this
one, and how - easily 'he could have brought
them down (but not how many he may have
shot at) he will invariably wind up by stat
ing that he is a "gentleman sport" and would
not kill more than the one, that being suffi
cient for the time for himself and friends.
There is nothing that affords so much pleas
ure to the busy denizen of the city as the kill
ing of a deer. -How joyfully and buoyantly he
will carry to his camp or summer boarding
house a load that in the city he would con
sider fit only for a horse. With what pride he
will show It to us friends am', dilate on the
details of his successful hunt. And if ladles
be present, he scon begins to feel himself a
hero. . ' .-¦:.,
After dwelling on the. combination
which existed between the two firms in
the person of Josua Eppinger, Attorney
Freid enrich developed the fact, heretofore
kept secret from the anxious creditors,
that Josua gathered up a . substantial
share of the firm's wealth before . the
crash came. Producing the ledger for the
year 1901-02, Freidenricb quizzed Epplng-
JOSUA TAKES TO COVER.
Q.— Are you sure that he did not Join that
firm before his salary had been raised to $7000
in your establishment? A. — I do not remember.
Q. — Was there any change made in 'his sal
ary In consideration of the time which he did
not devote to the interests of your firm? ' A.
No. .„- '¦¦- ;.-¦.:; • ...
Q. — Was there any arrangement made as to
the time Josua was to spend with the firm of
Ettllngciw& Co.? A.— We allowed hUn all the
time he needed. ¦ . . i
Q. — But were not Ettllnger & Co. In the
same business as your firm — did they not do a
grain business also? A. — They dealt only in the
purchase and «a!e of options on wheat; we
dealt in the wheat Itself.
Q. — Bid your son devote himself entirely to
the business of your firm during, the last seven
yeare? A. — No; he had Interests with ¦ Et
tllnger & Co. as a partner. 1 After the organi
zation of that firm he looked after their Inter
ests In the Oil Exchange. -
Q.— When you raised your son's salary did
you oDeak to your partners about the move?
A. — Tes. .
Attorney Frelfienrich v opened the' in
quiry with questions' eliciting the infor
mation that the witness was 61 years of
age and had been actively connected with
the firm of Eppinger & Co. up to the time
it closed its doors on June 6. The ques
tions and answers of the examination fol
low categorically:
Q. — State th« duties performed by each
on« of th« members of the' firm during the
last ten years. A. — The business was conducted
almost entirely by Jacob Eppinger. . I attended
to the correspondence, the selling of grain on
the samples and the. Exchange. .
Q. — What were the specific duties of* Jacob
Eppinger?- A. — He directed the whole busi
ness, the purchase or grain, financiering and
call board business.
Q. — There wer« regular books . of aecounl
kept? A. — Tes. . - • .
Q. — What were the names of the several em
ployes and what were their duties? A. — W. W.
Topping was the bookkeeper of the grain ac
counts; F. Mitchell was general bookkeeper;
Jomia Eppinger kept "tab on the .foreign mar
kets, made up the grain tables and had charge,
of foreign sales; C. Lengton had charge of the
examination of samples -of ft-aln; E, Bes&o.t
made out the cipher tables; Joseph Eppinger
was carhler; L. Friedlander was office bey.
Q.— What salary did Joeua Eppinger receive?
A. — I think that he received ?300 a month up
to 1897, and then his salary was raised to $7000
a year. .
At the opening, of the examination at 10
o'clock Attorney Ach made the statement
that Jacob Eppinger, the senior member
of the firm, whose testimony was to be
taken first, had been unable to attend the
first session of the inquiry/ on account of
a sudden illness which had overcome him
at his home on Wednesday night, but
that as soon as he was able to be out- he
would make his appearance . before the
referee of bankruptcy. The testimony of
Herman Eppinger was then commenced,
and it occupied the entire time of the ses
sion.
examination commenced yester
day morning by^the attorneys represent
ing the, interests of the creditors in the
office of Milton J. Green, referee In bank
ruptcy. Eppinger admitted facts which
prove that when the shadow of impending
disaster fell over the doomed firm one
member at least made a strong effort to
e'ear a comfortable sum to his credit be
fore the crash. Further it was discovered
that for an Indefinite time previous to the
failure of the firm checks on his indi
vidual account were drawn by Jacob Ep
pinger without any record of such trans
actions appearing on the debit side of his
accounts in the books of the firm. »It was
finally admitted that as far as the wit
ness, Herman Eppinger, knew no trial
balance of the financial standing of the
firm had been made for the last ten years.
If the testimony given by Herman Eu
pinger can be taken as an indication of
the statements which are to be made by
other members of the firm whose exam
ination is to follow, it appears that when
all the evidence is taken by the attorneys
for the creditors there will be little of the
mysterious business transactions of the
firm' which will not be brought to light.
David Freidcnrich of the law firm of
Naphtaly, Freldenrich & Ackerman, as
representative of Receiver Henry Wads
worth, conducted the examination. Alfred
Sutro, Richard Bayne and H. G. Platt,
attorneys representing various banks who
are creditors of the bankrupt .firm, were
in, attendance to listen to. the testimony
of the witness. Henry Ach, the legal ad
viser of the Eppingers, accompanied his
client to instruct him in his rights.
SAYS JACOB REIGNED.
¦rp"!^. ISCLOSURES of a sensational na-
ture were elicited from Herman
)M Eppinger, a member of the ruined
1****' firm of Eppinger & Co., at the
Mrs. Cleft's husband's name Is James
H. Cleft ,and he is a merchant. She al
leges that in addition to telling her that
her conduct was not such as would do
In polite circles, he has also told her
other things that have caused her almost
as much suffering. She says that he has
cursed her repeatedly and applied vile
and opprobrious epithets to her.
In a complaint for divorce on the
ground of cruelty filed by Jennie Broes
raa, she alleges that Magil Broesma has
a habit of treating her in too strenuous
a manner to suit her. She charges that
when he is in need of money he takes it
from her, but not until after he has given
her a severe choking. Cruelty is also
charged' in the complaint filed by Ida E.
Heermance against Charles Heennance.
She says he has wrecked her life by con
stantly accusing her of being drunk.
Adeline F. | Leonard petitioned the Su
perior Court yesterday for permission to
perpetuate the ( testimony of Frederica
Bock, her maid, who she says is about
to leave the country for New Zealand.
Mrs. Leonard, who resides at 1516 Califor
nia street, says that in nine months'
time, or as soon as she has established a
residence In this city, . she Intends suing
Arthur E. A. Leonard for divorce and
needs the testimony of the maid to prove
her case. She avers that Leonard de
serted IJier.
Interlocutory decrees of divorce were
granted by Judge Murasky to Amelia A.
Hammond from Charles H. Hammond for
desertion, 6. A. Edlund from Martha Ed
lund for desertion and Leith Sharman
from H. L. Sharman for neglect.
To be told by her husband that she Is
"no lady" Is more than Lizzie E. Cleft
is willing to put up with and she has
therefore filed an action for divorce
against him. In the complaint filed by
her yesterday sh© avers that she has ever
conducted herself In a most ladylike man
ner and has never given him any cause
to make such an unkind and untruthful
statement and that therefore she has suf
fered the keenest mental anguish because
of It. •
Mrs. Cleft Objects to Be
ing Told She Is
No^Lady.
HARSH COMMENT
PROVOKES WIFE
A few weeks later she came to this city
and spend her. time anxiously waiting
for the arrival of her remittance, but it
never came and she says she learned only
the other day' that Navlet since her ar
rival here deeded all the property acquir
ed from her by his alleged scheme to a
corporation known as the C. E. Navlet
Company, and that it was his intention
to deprive her of everything.
Judge Murasky" Issued an injunction re
straining Navlet ¦ from doing anything
further with the property pending the
trial of his wife's suit.
turned, on each occasion I making- over
tures that blinded her to his real motive
and she finally consented to do as he
wished. She says he prevailed upon her
to go with him to- an attorney's office and
while there sign over to him all her prop
erty, he agreeing in consideration there
for to give her $100 cash and $50 a month
thereafter. ' She says she is a weak, frail
little woman, of retiring disposition, to
tally unable to withstand the" pleadings
of her husband, who, she says, is a man
of strong will and determination. Before
she left the lawyer's office, she says, she
had, at the earnest behest of Navlet,
signed two deeds and a bill of sale which
deprived her of everything she owned
with the 'exception of the $100 cash and
the prospective .income of half that
amount every month.
As lor Mrs. Greeiian"s character, she can
appeal to any priest and to Archbishop Mont
gomery, who will vouch for her being a hard
working woman for the church and for
morality. H«r character etanda for everything
fhat is high, both as a mother and a wife
Her constant appeals to Mayor Schmitz havt
been in vain, notwithstanding his promise.
Mrs. Rebecca Greenan, & former'teach
er In the public schools, who wad dis
missed from her position by the Board of
Education after a public hearing. y flled se
rious charges yesterday with \ Mayor
6chmlt2 against School Director Mark-
Two letters accusing Mark of false swear-
Ing at Mrs. Greenan's trial and of having
epoken in a defamatory manner against
her were placed In the hands of George
Keane, the Mayor's secretary, by Rev. P.
J. Gallagher, chaplain of St. Vincent's
Orphan Asylum. San Rafael, the Mayor
being absent at the time.
Mrs. Greenan states in her letters that
the is prepared to file sworn affidavits of
herself and former pupils of the John W.
Taylor School that Mark swore falsely
¦when he testified that he had examined
rhem In arithmetic She says further that
ehe stands ready to prove that Mark has
slandered her publicly. The letters filed
by Mrs. Greenan are as follows:
SAN FRAN'CISCO. " July 23. 190X
Hon. E. E. Schmitz. Mayor of San. Fran- '
Cisco — Dear Sir: I demand of you as Mayo:
of Pan Francisco an investigation • into a
chare* of talse swearing in my trial held In :
January. WOO. on charges preferred against me
by P. A. Derperot and Cecil W. Mark.
Said false cwearini was done by Cecil TV.
Murk in testifying unrfer oath that he ex
amined in arithmetic the fourth and fifth ]
grades of my school, which were never ex- j
ttmined by him. I challenged his oath at the j
time. I am now prepared to produce the sworn ,
testimony of nsyeelf and the pupils of the said j
Jourth and fifth grades. Respectfully. <
MRS. . REBECCA GREESAX. j
SAN FRANCISCO. July 23. 1!HJ3. |
Hon. E. E. Sehmitz, Mayor of San Fran- i
Cisco— liear Sir: 1 demand of you as Mayor
of San Frr.ncisco an investigation Into a!
charge of blackmail, which I now prefer
ftgainst Cei 11 W. Mark, a member of the
Board cf Education.
Said O«hU W. Mark has publicly epoken
egsJr.st me on sevraJ occasion* In a. de-
Jamatory way. which I am now prepared to
prove. Rt*peotifully.
MRS. REBECCA GREEXAX.
MISS McXINNEY DISMISSED.
Father Gallagher made the following
Ftatement regarding Mr?. Greenan's
charge? :
I left the chances with the Mayor's secre
tary as I understood the Mayor was out. It
nay be remembered that Mark swore to a
charge againM Mrs. Grcpne.n that he had ex- j
nr.;5f! her school and that the fourth and j
fifth grades were deficient In arithmetic. Mrs. j
Greenan and the children who__were In those
elapses are ready to swear -that Mark never i
th^m. Mrs. Greenan In support of j
the charge she makes of blackmail U prepar
«^1 to fhuw that a Miss Mary McKlnney. a
school teacher, lived and boarded with her. !
Mark told Miss McKinney that a» ehe wa« j
living a.t the house of Mrs. Greenan she would
heve to leave the school. Miss McKinney was
turned out of the school on the ground of
Insanity and after a trial was proved to be
eane and was reinstated.
Mrs. Greenan afked Mayor Schmltt to have
her case reopened and Mark told the Mayor i
that if it wa* reopened the paper* would not I
publish the details. Mayor Sehmitz let the
matter drop, but he asked Mrs. Greenan to
bring him a Ftatemcnt cf the case with the
charjres made again jt her by the board, which
rhe did.
WAITS IN VAIN.
The Mayor promised that he would reoper.
the case ar.d reinstate her in her former school.
She waited for weeks and weeks and at la*t
I told her to go to Mayor Sehmitz and demand j
the return cf the papers which the had given i
Into hit keeping. Mayor Sehmitz denied having
them and told her that he had given them
back to her. Such was not the case. Mrs.
Greenan never get her papers back from Mayor
Sehmitz.
; There is trouble in store for Charles E.
Navlet; the well known San Jose florist.
Yesterday his wife commenced proceed
ings in the Superior Court here to ire
cover property " valued at more than
1 $25,000, which she claims Navlet procured
from her by fraud and which she says
unless the court restrains him he will
dispose of in order to defeat the objects
f ot her suit. The lady," whose name is
Marie Augustine Josephine Navlet, makes
serious charges against her husband and
says she Is the victim of a scheme devised
by her husband solely for the purpose
of setting from her ,all that she pos
sessed.
Mrs. Navlet says that she was married
to Navlet in ! San Jose in December, 1897,
and lived with him there until December
6, 1902, when she left there and took up
her residence in this city, where she has
since resided.- Her husband's treatment
of her, she says', was the cause of her
removal; She complains that in July of
last year .Navlet set about devising his
scheme for her property. At that time
she says he spread about San Jose rumors
concerning her thr.t bore no traces of
truth; doing so' simply for the purpose of
compelling, her to leave him. She says
that notwithstanding these rumors she
remained Jn San Jose and in the same
house with Navlet until November, when
he left her and took . up his residence
elsewhere. ' . .
Twice after leaving her, she says, he re-
Mrs. Rebecca Qreenan (Makes
Complaint to Mayor
Schmitz
Claims _ He Devised
and Robbed Her of Her
• f Prbpsrty.
Former Teacher Says
School Director Tes
tified Falsely.
San Jose Florist's Wife
Accuses Him of .De
frauding Her!
Herman, Member of the Ruined Firm, Testifies to Fact
That Josua, Foreign Manager, Made Provision.Anent
Impending Crash and Jacob Practiced Shady Methods
SAYS NAVLET
IS A SCHEMER
FILES CHARGES
AGAINST MARK
FRAUDS OF THE EPPINGERS
ARE DISCLOSED ON STAND
THE SAN FKANCISCOCALL, FRIDAY, JULY 24, 19031
14
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BLOOD HUMOURS
Skin Humours, Scalp Humours,
Hair Humours,
Whether Simple Scrofulous or
Hereditary
Speedily Cured by Guticura
Soap, Ointment and Pills.
Complete External and Internal
Treatment, One Dollar.
In the treatment of tortnrlng, dis-
figuring, Itching, 6caly, crested, pimply,
blotchy and scrof olous humcurs of the
ekin, scalp and blood, with loss of hair,
Cuticura Soap, Ointmect and Pills have
been wonderfully snecessf h L Even the
most obstinate of constitutional hu-
mours, such as bad blood, scrofula, in-
herited and contagious humours, with
loss of hair, grandnlar swellings, ulcer-
ous patches in the throat and mouth,
6ore eyes, copper-coloured blotches, as
well as boils, c&rbnncJes, scurry, sties,
ulcers and sores arising from an Im-
pure or impoverished condition of the
blood, yield to the Cuticura Treatment,
trhen all other remedies fall.
And greater still, if possible. Is the
wonderful record of cures of torturing,
disfiguring humours among infants and
children. The suffering which Cuticura
Remedies have alleviated among the *
young, and the comfort they have, af-
forded worn-out and worried parents,
have led to their adoption in countless
homes as priceless curatives for the
tkin end blood. Infantile and birth hn-
znours, milk crust, scalled bead, eczema,
rashes and every form of itching, scaly,
pimply skin and scalp humours, with
loss of hair, of infancy and childhood,
ere speedily, permanently and economi-
cally cored when ail other remedies
suitable for children, and even the best
physicians, fail.
6old thremhoct the worttt. CatSeoTmRaotr«Bt,MB.OB
ten at Ctweaiuc Coated Pills, £Jc. per ritl of 00). Otat-
b: tot, 40c, Soap. Me. Ifcpottt Ixmdon.27 CharterhouM
J<j.« >trit.* Hoed* Ik F*<x<Borton.lS7 Colombo! At*.
J-utter Drtr t, Cttm.O^p., 4>oU Prop*.
C mruHtu -Tb» Ottt UwaoBx Cm«."
TO-MORROW
• . ¦
- - . ¦
SATURDAY MOANING WE WILL OPEN OUR MAGNIFI-.
CENT NEW STORE, THE LARGEST, BEST APPOINTED,
AND HANDSOMEST EXCLUSIVE CLOTHING ESTABLISH-
MENT WEST OF CHICAGO. WE WANT " EVERY MAN,
BOY AND CHILD TO COME DOWN AND SEE US. EVERY
DOLLAR YOU SPEND AT THIS STORE WILL BUY YOU
THE BIGGEST DOLLAR'S WORTH OF NEW AND DE-
PENDABLE CLOTHING TO BE OBTAINED ANYWHERE
IN SAN FRANCISCO.
MAKE IT YOUR DUTY ~
TO SEE OUR MAGNIFICENT STORE
A VISIT WILL SAVE YOU MONEY
MILL TO MAN
SALE BivWWnS A CO. DIRKT
aoTHiERs516-5l8 MARKET SI to you
ADVERTISEMENTS.
mon y f
§ In Its deep wraare-edged writing $
?>. bed. simply carved dr&wer pull* fc
• j-- «nd eplendld *rray of filing tpacea. |
i the desk here shown Is typical of E
iv "T and E" design and construe- J
& tlon. This desk Is known as Nol i
% 1&21 and Us price Is ; : ,
if. \*.\ . ."¦.^ alBnS^ .'\ J jl!Sfc^r£j-'w^-*^u aU 2T
'A ji 'i 'i i ¦ ' 1 1 w'iVi ii 1*4 IWffnffi i i T» *it
| $73.25 I
y, B»ar la mind, moreover, that w» i=
¦f carry as complete and handsom* a i
S line of desks as you can find Is ;
S jfew Tork City, embracing mow .'
5 than T5 styles at prices ranging J
; from $15 to $200. Will yoo sot J
£ call and •zamlne? -.
| Ya-wrnaa. ft £rt>« VXg. Co, '•;
| 635-639 Mlsaioa St. , \
\~ Phone Mala 1790. %
Do Your
Feet Perspire ?
If you are troubled with this
/very annoying 1 and highly
prevalent complaint you can
be cured by using- "DR. KOE-
NIGSTEIiVS RED SALVE.
This Ointment cures perspir-
ing: feet with astonishing
. quickness. . - --"
~ SAN FRANCISCO, Jury 13. 1803,
('DR. KOENIGSTEIN— Dear Blr: For dn!»
years I waa troubled with sore feet, brought oi
by perspiring too freely. I waa advised by ».
friend to try your Red Salve, which he himself
had used with gratifying results. I took his
advice and can truthfully say that before tfea
Jar was half used my feet were In a better con-
dition than they had been In ten years. I sin-
cerely recommend your Red Salve to any en*
suffering from any similar cornplalnt. Sincere-
ly, yours. WM. M. BUTLER. 2S4 Dore it.
At druggists". 50c and $1 00 per Jar.
Depot, 126 Kearny st., room 22. ; * • '. •' '
I st. Louis I
BEERS
ThV Highest PrlcTdlmC .
Quality*
, *©LI>-£,VEfcYWHERE» t
%— ¦— —^^mJ
-.¦•
\ HeitkelVt Ointment accomplishes Brton-
lshing cures of skla diseases, after the moet
powerful Internal remedies have failed.
'After bathing the part with HeitktU'i Soap
use HeiiktW* Ointment and It will quickly
remove all Blotcbee, Pimples, Eruption*
and Bores. Cares Tetter, Krystpelas, Salt
Rheum. Scald Head, Itch. Ringworms,
I Ulcers, Piles, Berber's Itch : relieves and
heals Burns and Scalds. Makes the skin
soft and beautiful. Prescribed by phy-
BlclitnaforhaUacenturr. At druggists 00c.
Send for free book of testimonials. .
JOHSSTOS, BOU.0W1T A CO., Philadelphia,
CUTLERS.
EVTRy.HAI£mRRANT£P
Weak ¦¦Men and Women
•trtcsth to sexual organ*. D«pot. 323 Market.