Continued' on Page 2, Column 3.
Continued on Page 2, Column 1.
cuing his account books from. his store
and an unknown volunteer firemen fell
from a roof and sustained slight injuries.
The fire fighting facilities, of the town
have been lately improved and. a large
reservoir on a hill 'supplied a stream "of
water that was used to good effect. .
MISSOULA, MonL. Oct. 22.— The whip
ping post was revived on the Flathead
Indian reservation yesterday, when the
squaw of Charley Lumphroy was sen
tenced to a whipping for eloping with an
other buck, John Charley. The squaw
was placed flat on her face, held by four
bucks, and twenty-five lashes. were
by an Indian policeman. John Charley
was sentenced to sixty days In Jail. *
Redskins Administer Twenty --Five
Lashes to a Squaw for Eloping
With a Buck.
REVIVE WHIPPING POST
ON INDIAN RESERVATION
LONDON, Oct. 22.— Many lives were
lost In a railway accident this evening
at Sowerby bridge, in the West Riding
of Yorkshire. An express train running
from Leeds to Manchester was thrown
from the track in the tunnel by striking
a detached locomotive which for some
unexplained reason was in the tunnel and
both tracks were obstructed by wreckage.
Meanwhile an express train, from Man
chester for Leeds,- entered the tunnel at
high speed and almost Instantly crashed
into the obstruction, badly wrecking It
sclf.
The tunnel Is filled with a huge mass
of shattered locomotives and coaches and
the work of clearing it away Is neces
sarily very slow. Three bodies have thus
far been recovered.
BpecUU Dispatch to The CaJl
PASSENGERS
PERISH IN
A TUNNEL
Besides the postofflce and contents the
public telephone station was also con
•gained, but communication has again
¦ < n established. Women worked with
the volunteer fire brigade to save homes
and business. Several narrow escapes
from death or Injury occurred, though
so persons were seriously hurt. D. F.
Mahoney was slightly burned while res-
The principal losses are D. F. Ma
•honey, 525,000, stock of merchandise, In
jured for $5000; Mahoney store building,
, owned bv Heart estate, value $3000, in
surance $1000; Dr. L. D. Murphy, ' loss
three buildings and stock of drugs, total
value JMiOO. insurance {1350; Charles Da
!vls. building, loss flSCi, Insurance $500;
Mrs. Toalaon. millinery store, loss $1000,
insurance $500; A. Silver, clothing store,
,loas $1800, insurance $800
LOSSES IN THE FIKE.
that but few business liouscs remain Jp
the northern part. As a consequence "of
so many fires insurance rates were ex
ceedingly high. The losses to owners of
property will be heavy and the buildings
"will probably not be rebuilt.
"The burned district covers the principal
'business block of the town. But two
stores and one hotel remain. The town
was visited by a disastrous fire a year
ago and twice within the past month, so
were successful
There was a twelve-foot alley between
•Mehoney's store and the next "building
and here the firemen made a stand. From
the top of an adjoining building streams
cf water were sent against the flaming
structure and a bucket brigade with wet
blankets fought stubbornly to keep the
blaze within bounds. The efforts were
*uccessful and half a block of the busi
ness portion stands Intact as a result of
the heroic work.
The flames were creeping westward and
burning out buildings connecting with the
resident portion of the town, and the fire
fighters again fought with the energy of
madmen to 6ave their homes. Again they
phy's drug store caught next and the
building and contents were a complete
•loss. A. Silver's clothing store, building
and contents were also licked up by the
flames. A vacant building was consumed,
and then the general merchandise store
of D. F. Mahoney took the flames. The
hardware department contained a large
•mount of explosives, which held the fire
fighters at bay from that side.
BATTLE FOB, THE HOMES.
this structure, with mail matter and fix
tures, was destroyed- Dr. L. D. Mur-
- In Butte the, company employs 6500 men;
in the -smelters at. Anaconda/ Butte. and
Great Falls, 5000 men. A payroll of- niore
than $50,000 a* day Is cut off in'Buttv 1 -'* ¦'-'•¦
In Butte— Boston and Montana mines,
Anaconda mines. Syndicate group, Butte
and Boston mines, Parrott group,, Colo
rado Company ., mines, Washoe 'group,
Colorado smelter, Butte and Boston smeK
ter, hlllmcn on Butte, Anaconda and Pa
cific Railroad.
' At Anaconda — Washoe smelter, lime
kilns, Anaconda foundry, brick yards
At Great Falls— Boston and Montana
Smelter.
At Belt— Belt Coal and Coke Company
At Bonner— Blackfoot Lumber Company
At Horr-Horr Coal and Coke Company
At Diamondville — Diamondville Coai
Company, curtailing production; Pleasant
Valley Company.
In Jefferson County— Lime and . silica
quarries.
The officials of the Amalgamated Com
pany are reticent in discussing the situa
tion. Superintendent John Gillie said:
"The managers of the various com
panies met and discussed j the situation
and decided . to close down, as there was
no use trying to do business in Montana
while the local courts were so manifestly
adverse to the company."
The following properties are affected by
the shutdown: .
BUTTE. Mont., Oct. 22.— As a result of
the handing down of decisions to-day by
District Judge Clancy awarding the
Minnie Healy mine, one of the richest
properties in Butte and valued at $10,000,
000, to F. Augustus Heinze and then
granting an injunction against the Bos
ton and Montana Company, the principal
property of Amalgamated Copper
Company in Montana, all the properties
of the Amalgamated Company in this
State were to-night ordered closed for an
indefinite period. The injunction prevents
the Boston and Montana, transferring its
stock and paying dividends to the trust.
It is estimated by officials of the com
pany to-night that at least 15,000 men will
be made idle, and perhaps 20,000, before
to-morrow night. The . shutdown is the
most complete and extensive ever known
in Montana. It Is expected that the fires
wlll.be drawn from the Boston and Mon
tona, Butte and Boston, Colorado and
Washpe smelters to-morrow. The Washoe
smelters at Anaconda are, the largest In
the world and employ 3000 men. The ef
fects of thisshoutdown will be felt in all
parts of Montana, as there Is hardly a
county that the Anaconda Company does
not operate In, In one way or another.
Woodchoppers and lumbermen will be idle
and coal miners will be out of work in
half a dozen counties.
There is much excitement In Butte and
the city Is thronged with Idl6 miners,
blocking street corners while they discuss
the situation.
SHUTS DOWN
ITS PLANTS
IN MONTANA
MISSION TOWN WHICH SUF
FERED SEVERELY FROM A BIG
FIRE.
SAX MIGUEL, Oct. a.— Clanging
bells aroused the people of this
town shortly after midnight
er.i they awoke to find
the business section in flames.
•The old mission bells lent their tones to
the clangor and drew the people from
all the countryside to the fierce fir© that
'raged •within a short distance of the his
toric old structure.
The flames first burst forth from the
rear of the postofflce building and soon
Eoeclai DUpe-tch to The Cfcil.
Men and Women Work Heroically to Stay the Advance
of Ruining Flames That Imperil Homes.
FIRE LAYS BUSINESS BLOCK IN ASHES
IN THE MISSION TOWN OF SAN MIGUEL
OTTAWA. Ontario. Oct. 22. — The
Alaskan boundary correspond,
ence was laid before the House
to-day. It consists of messages
' between the London Colonial
Office, Washington and Ottawa. The cor
respondence shows that Canada agreed to
submit the question to jurists of repute
and protested strongly when Root. Lodge
Correspondence Preceding Alaskan Arbitration Shows
United States Appointments Were Protested.
MEMBERS OF CANADIAN PARLIAMENT
DENOUNCE THE LONDON GOVERNMENT
LAND FRAUDS IN WESTERN STATES INVOLVE FIVE SENATORS
AND AS MANY MEMBERS OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES
Sjscret Service
Men Submit
Reports^
Serious Charges
Against High
* * ...
Secretary Hitch'
cock to Order
Arrests.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 22.—
Five United States Senators, as
manv members of the House of
Representatives and a large num
ber of employes of the Land Of
fice are involved in the land frauds
which have been unearthed , by
agents of the Interior Department
and the secret service in Western
States, according to the informa
tion received by Secretary Hitch
cock. The Secretary declines to
discuss the frauds until he has had
full reports of the agents, who
have just completed their investi
gation. He does not deny the ex
tremely serious allegations which
the report will contain against
High officers of the Government.
Secretary Hitchcock has had
personal charge of the work of
running down the frauds. The
actual work was in charge of A.
B. Pugh, attorney for the Interior
Department, while the secret ser
vice men were undety-the. direction
of W. J. Burns. Pugh and-Burns
are now on their way to Washing
ton, and it is expected that the
Secretary of the Interior will be-
gin criminal proceedings against
those involved in the frauds
within a few weeks.
Whether the position and polit
ical influence of the Senators and
Representatives involved will be
sufficient to protect them from
prosecution remains to be seen.
Some of them, it is alleged, actual
ly profited by the land frauds and
are actively interested in the ring,
which had ramifications in Cali
fornia, Oregon, Washington and
other Western States.
Secretary Hitchcock hopes not
only to send the ringleaders in the
fraud to prison, but to restore to
the Government millions of acres
of valuable timber land which has
been obtained* by fraud.
MILLIONAIRE AND HIS SON
ARE PLACED UNDER ARREST
Federal Grand Jury Indicts Them for
Fencing Government Land and
Intimidating Settlers.
TOPEKA, Kans., Oct. 22.— Deputy Unit
ed States Marshal Frank McGrath went
to Riley County to-day, where he placed
under arrest Millionaire C. H. Dewey and
his son, Chauncey Dewey. They arranged
for immediate bonds until the hearing In
the Federal Court at Topeka. The charge
against the Deweys is. fencing Govern
ment land and intimidating the ' settlers
in Cheyenne' County. The indictment
was returned by 'the Grand Jury in re
cent session in Leavenworth. Included
in the charge are James McBrlde, Wil
liam McBride and William Ratcliffe, em
ployes of -the Deweys on their western
ranch. Among the principal witnesses for
the Government will be the Berry boys,
whose 5 * relatives were murdered some
months ago on a ranch near the Dewey
house. /;: >^~":
NEW YORK CONGRESSMAN
• ENGAGES IN STREET FIGHT
Attempts to Chastise Driver of a
Sprinkling Cart Who Nearly
: Ban Over Him.
CINCINNATI, i Oct. 22.-Congressman
Robert Baker of Brooklyn, Everitt Hicks
of s New York and others have been hold-
Ing day/meetings j here for some time in
the Interest of -Mayor Tom. L. Johnson's
candidacy for' Governor. Hicks was "ad
dressing a meeting near the postofflce
building this afternoon . when ¦ Anthony
Scholer, driver of a sprinkling; cart, told
the crowd to clear the way and; when the
crowd did not , move he went ahead and
came very near running over Congress
man Baker, who » protested, and 'the
driver used his, whip on Baker and turn
ed ' on -, the water , until . the*, j crowd, was
drenched. An incipient riot 'followed. The
police arrested both ;¦' Baker', and Scholer,'
the * ' latter having fought back. Baker
was, promptly released and Scholer held
on bail' -
PRIOS FIVE CENTS.
SAN FKANCISCO, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 23, 1903.
VOLUJiE XCIV— XO. 145.
NO BLAME FOR AMERICA.
Eastern .Canada Press Confines' Its
Attacks to Mother Country.
While most Liberal journals also criti
cize the British Government, the opposl-
ST. JOHN, New Brunswick, Oct. 22.—
The Conservative newspapers in Eastern
Canada say that the Alaska boundary
award will become a live issue in the
general elections throughout the country.
Some of the papers declare that Cana
dians are to blame for the decision un
favorable to Canada and they place the
responsibility upon the government at
Ottawa for permitting the boundary
question to be arbitrated, in view of
what is. termed the anti-Canadian make
up - of the commission. Little fault is
found ,with the United States for that
country's share in the negotiations, sev
eral of the Halifax and St. John news
papers holding that the United States is
In ..no way responsible for the present
situation.: '.
HONOLULU, Oct. 22.— The steamer Nip
pon Maru, which sailed from here to-day
for. Yokohama, will* stop at Midway
Island for orders, through fear of capture,
because of the circulation of a report here
that the Japanese Consulate ln.Honolulu
had received a cipher cablegram that war
with Russia had been declared. The pas
sengers on the steamer were very much
alarmed.
LONDON, Oct. 23.— The Tientsin corre
spondent of the Standard eays that three
American, Russian and British gunboats
are preparing to go into winter quarters
at Newchwang. Similar preparations on
the part of the Japanese gunboats were
stopped by telegraphic orders fr.om Toklo.
A dispatch to the Daily Mail from Yoko
hama says the Government has issued an
official denial of the statement published
in the Mincni, a conservative newspaper,
that a preliminary mobilization order has
been Issued by the Japanese army. There
is wide belief In local circles, continues
the correspondent, that this denial Is
merely technical. A
A dispatch to ReuteT's Telegram Com
pany from Toklo. says:
" "It Is believed that another conference
of the older statesmen will befconvened,
probably to-morrow, when decisions hav
ing Important bearings on the future
course of events are expected, although
there Is no fear of an immediate rupture.
In the meanwhile precautionary prepara
tions are progressing.,
"It i3 reported ¦ from Peking, that M.
Lessar, the Rusian Minister, , has ad
dressed a long note to Prince Ching, head
of the Chinese Foreign Office, saying that
Japan's interference in" the - Manchurian
question will compel Russia to adopt final
measures,. and threatening. China with se
vere punishment If she 'sides with Japan.
This action, ,' while the ¦ negotiations ; are
pending,- has caused'. deep umbrage."
ST. PETERSBURG, Oct. 22.— A' request
to-day for a statement . from the' Foreign
Office, Indicating Russia's position in con
nection with the Far.' Eastern question,
elicited only' the ' significant reading of a
less, reassuring dispatch from Toklo. , - '
.YOKOHAMA, Oct. 22.-U 'is. currently,
WAR RUMOR
CAUSES STIR
IN HONOLULU
CANADIAN SENATORS AND
FAMOUS JURIST WHOM
THEY ARE CRITICIZING.
-i'i Opposition to ' other plans of President
Marroquin becomes plainer ' every day.
Newspapers published: in Bogota on Octo
ber 18 contained } the " political platform " of
Jcaquln Valez/ a - Presidential candidate.
The . principal » features ! of ( this platform
are ; the absolute;. rejection of. any foreign
control of the ' canal, 1 , a diminished army,
a gold standard ' and the abolition of ' mo
nopolies.- ' ¦',¦ .' ,
- The next day^. the; members of Con
gress, "meeting 1 privately ' to consider the
candidates'* for the, "Presidency, , by.a big
majority, decided in.-* favor of ; supporting
Velez, v a ? I few \ favoring" A General Re yes.
Joaquin -. Velez \has .'always ? been opposed
'te any treaty with* the'Unlted* States. 1 . ; *
PANAMA, Oct. 22.— News has reached
the" isthmus that Congress has agreed with
the chief executive to adjourn on Novem
ber 14, notwithstanding the wish of many
Congressmen * to postpone adjournment
until a decision on the canal mattercan
be reached' in the American Congress.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 22.— The isthmian
canal question will make its appearance
In Congress almost immediately after the
extra session begins. While the President
has confined his call to Cuban reciprocity,
there is no limit on the power of Congress
to consider any question that may be in
troduced. The Republican leaders will
not dodge the canal Issue, but will try to
prevent any action taking the canal ne
gotiations out of the President's hands or
instructing him as to his duty and power
under the Spooner act.
Senator Morgan has announced that be
will introduce a resolution of inquiry, as
to the fate, of the treaty negotiated with
Colombia, last - January if the' President
fails to give that information in his mes
sage. -The 'President will give the Infor
mation that the treaty was not ratified
within the prescribed time of eight
months from the date of signature. There
will be no pretense that It is -not dead,
but the President does not consider that
he must at once accept the alternative
and negotiate for the Nicaragua route.
He haa consulted several Republican
leaders who were responsible for canal
legislation, among them Senator Spooner,
the author of the bill which passed, and
they have advised him that" he should
take a ' reasonable time j to consider
whether the Panama canal is impossible
before he turns, to the Nicaragua route.
Should Congress adopt a resolution in
terpreting, the phrase "reasonable time,"
and instructing the President to negotiate
for the Nicaragua route, he will do so,
and be relieved .to have Congress assume
the responsibility. .. : ';?-.•¦¦
Senator Morgan and other advocates of
the Nicaragua route will try to have
Congress adopt such a resolution. There
will be a vigorous debate, which will
cover much ground, but wllf especially
deal with the "reasonable time" to elapse
before the President is required to aban
don Panama and take up the Nicaragua
route. This debate will.be in the Senate,
and, as the Republicans there were re
sponsible for the change from the Hep
burn ;biirto! the, Spooner bill, they are
confident ' that • there will be no new in
structions given' to ; the President.
The House will not have to deal with
the question at once, for there will be no
committees until' the Speaker < names
them, and even then, under the House
rules, the Speaker can control the situa
tion and prevent, any consideration of the
canal questlonuntilsuch time as he shall
elect to have It brought. forward..
"Now," said Sir Mackenzie, "the United
States will command Fort Simpson, la
every case Canadian Interests were sac
rificed."
Senator McMullen said that the decision
would create as much dissatisfaction in
Canada as there was In the Transvaal and
in Ireland.
The Colonial Office expressed Its regret3
and urged the acceptance of these gentle
men rather than the breaking off of nego
tiations. Chamberlain asked Canada'.)
consent to this, but, apparently without
waiting for that consent to be given. Sir
Michael Herbert, for Great Britain, and
Secretary Hay, for the United States,
signed the treaty. There was nothing for
Canada to do then bu^protest and agree.
In the Senate to-dfy Sir Mackenzie
Bowell, leader of the opposition, asked for
Information concerning the Alaska boun
dary award.
Scott, for the Government, replied that
the most important reason why the Cana
dian commissioners did not approve o!
the award was that it was not a judicial
decision. Lord Alverstone had In the
first instance agreed that the center of
the Portland canal should form the boun
dary line. The four islands should have
gone to either the one country or the
other, depending upon the position of the
line through the Portland channel, but
Lord. Alverstone deflected the line so as
to throw two of the islands Into the Unit
ed* States and two into Canada.
Sir Mackenzie Bowell said that It wai
unfortunate that in every case when ne
gotiations have taken place between the
United States and England, where Canada
was affected, the United States' dlplomau
had succeeded In securing islands whicn
commanded most important points of the
Dominion. There was the island right op
posite the harbor of Port Arthur. la
case of difficulty, he said, that island
would have to be secured by the Britten
people, for, if fortified, it would command
the entrance to that harbor. Unless that
was done the United States could secure
It, and with the guns they had at pres
ent, would be able. to destroy the whole
connection between east and west. It
was the same with the island of San
Juan, another secured by treaty negotia
tion.
and Turner were appointed by the United
States.
PROSPECTIVE
DEBATE ON
THE CANAL
The San Francisco CallWASHINGTON, Ocfc 22— Thomas Bar
clay of Paris and London, formerly pres
ident of the -British Chamber - of Com
merce, who is in Washington, expressed
himself aa favorable to the renewal of
the efforts to secure ah arbitration treaty
between. the United States, and Great
Britain and added that he felt somewhat
encouraged over the prospects. He ex
pressed the opinion that • the success of
the Franco-British treaty would prove
helpful as a precedent, and . said that
while that treaty did not cover as^much
cround as the treaty with the United
British. -Merchant Discusses Proposed
Anglo-American Convention.
FAVORS ARBITRATION TREATY.
The Recorder says: "Canadian interests
have been sacrificed, and this after
Canada has sacrificed blood and treasure
in defense of the motherland. This marks
a most serious epoch in the relations of
Canada and the mother country.'?';
The Herald charges the Canadian Gov
ernment with neglect and finds fault be
cause the treaty t of reference was not
submitted to the Canadian Parliament for
ratification. • v
HALIFAX, N. 8., Oct. 22.— The press of
this city comments-, on the Alaskan
boundary award as follows:
The ChrQnicle says: . "The Americans
once more have routed us diplomatically,
horse, foot and artillery. They have
played succesisfully their old game of
bluff. We have nothing henceforth to
f*ar from the United States worse than
another 'arbitration,' and we have al
ready suffered all that we can from arbi
trations." ¦ ¦ ¦
tion nress is assailing-. the Government
for accepting the commission as arbiter.
The Conservative organ in this city, the
Sun, attacks Sir Wilfrid Laurier. The
talk of Canada becoming an independent
colony as the result cf the award is not
regarded seriously at St. John. . '
When the curtain rose on a scene of
semi-darkness in the first act the- minstrels
assembled on the Btage struck up the na
tional anthem. -Immediately./ there : was
an uproar. Shouts and • cat calls, Inter
mingled with hisses 'floated 'down, over
the seated house. These noises continued
for some time, until the singing .ceased.'
Some people In the auditorium rose at
the commencement: of the anthem, but
the majority remained seated.
VANCOUVER, /B. C, ..Oct. •¦ 23.— Last
nUrht - at the Haverly minstrel show
In the Vancouver Opera-house there was
a demonstration which - found % existence
in the raw state of feeling engendered: by
the nature of the Alaskan boundary
award. ¦>"-;•:•¦ • -
ENGLISH ANTHEM HISSED.
Although the American members of tha
Paris tribunal voted In the minority on every
essential question, they cheerfully joined . in,
signing the award. No American of flclal con
nected with that tribunal made any public
criticism of the' action. In my official report
aa agent . of the United States I recognized
that the majority members were actuated . by
honest and conscientious motives in their de
cision.. While the Government of the United
States did seek, to secure from 'Great Britain
some modification of . the. regulations ! promul
gated by the tribunal It carried out loyally
and In good faith the terms of ; the award,'
although the award haa been continuously
working serious injury to the United States.
LONDON, Oct. 22,-John W. Foster, the
agent of 'the. United States in the Alaskan
boundary arbitration, in an interview
anent the statements made in the Lon
don press in regard to the Alaskan boun
dary arbitration, that the United States
had repudiated the Bering Sea award,
said the statement had no foundation
whatever. l|e added:
Denies That United States Bepudi
" ates Bering Sea Award.
FOSTER NAILS FALSEHOOD.
Continued From Page 1, Column 7.
LOS ANGELES. Oct. ZL-Colonel Grif
fith J. Griffiths appeared before Justice
Chambers in the Police Court this morn
ing for preliminary examination on a
charge of assault to murder his wife. Mrs.
Griffiths, the complaining witness, was un
able to come into court and by mutual
consent of counsel ±he hearing was post
poned to November 2. . ,~C*£>. * :
Griffiths Case Is Postponed.
PEKING. Oct. 22.— It has been an
nounced that the Russian Viceroy of the
Far East, Admiral Alexieff, is opposed to
th<? opening of Manchurtan towns to for
eign trade. has excited no surprise
hero. The treaty of commerce between
China and the United States, recently
signed in Shanghai, provides that suit
able concessions be given at Mukden and
Antung for the residence of foreigners
and for their commerce. Russia's latest
I>roposals to China, which embody Vice
roy AlexiefTs policy? stipulate that such
concessions be g1ven_ only; to Russians.
reported that the hitch in the negotiations
is due to the Japanese demand for equal
railway rights in Mancnuna, but it is be
lieved that a more serious difficulty exists.
The feeling of popular unrest is spread
ing.
Continued From Page 1, Column 6.
HUB B MOB REACHES HONOLULU.
SANTA ANA. Oct. . 22.— Henry A. Hanne
man. one at a crew of surveyors of the Pacific
Electric Compiany, fell' twenty-two ' feet from
a tree whiclj 'he was trimmin? this morning
and sustained possibly fatal injuries. . H«nne
mari,'-.'la 20 years of age And his home. is. in
Chlcaffo.y.y . ¦ ¦ •: "¦ ¦ ..'-¦¦'¦' '".iS " .-.-
Barclay has talked with President
Roosevelt and Secretary Hay on this sub
ject. . , '¦
But in air the cities I have visited I have
without exception received the warmest en
couragement. Everybody of Importance here
agrees that, as In the case of the Anglo-French
movement. -we must not push forward with too
great, epeed, but gradually get representative
bodies of the country to show their approval
and testify to. the general desire of the country
to consolidate the relations with Great Brialn
in some permanent form.
States did, it would be effective as an en
tering wedge. Referring to the prospects
for an Anglo-American treaty, Barclay
said:
At New York I had an opportunity of con
ferring with many eminent men of business,
and without exception I gathered that, on their
part, a revival • of the movement would be
heralded with great satisfaction. Everybody I
spoke to had a vivid recollection of the finan
cial results of the famous Venezuela dispatch
of Mr. Olney, and everybody showed a disposi
tion to do his level best to get eome system
adopted to prevent a recurrence of such a dis
aster. '
-FORT RILEY, Kans., Oct. 22.— All the
troops at Fort Riley were on the same
side of the military problem to-day and
the enemy was wholly imaginary. It was
assumed that a strong force was advanc
ing attack Fort Riley and the entire
command was marched out to take up a
position covering the post. Brigadier
General F. G. tyrant had command of the
deployment.
Friction, has developed between the
members of the Texas regiment and
troopers of the Tenth Cavalry, cclored: :
Some of the Texas men have forbidden
the troopers to pass through their camp
on any pretext, and the colored soldiers,
who comprise one of the best cavalry reg
iments in the army, are displeased at the
order. Numerous flat rights have already
taken place, and last night a detachment
of the troopers descended upon the camp
of the Texas regiment and carried off one
man, who," however, was released in a
short time. Men of the Texas regiment
have found It .necessary to travel In
bunches whenever they visit the commis
sary 'store near 'their camp.
TEXAS REGIMENT DRAWS
THE COLOR LINE IN CAMP
Forbids Troopers of Tenth Cavalry to
. Pass Its Lines and Fist Fights
Follow.
Son of a Horticultural ! Commissioner
Dies in Six Inches of
! .• V Water. V, / .;:
I EUREKA. Oct. 22.— Frederick W. Stew
art ot Rohnerville" was drpwned to-day
in -a creek near -^bis home. The young
VriarV has always been afflicted with epi
lepsy. To-day the attack came on as he
was about to cross the stream. His body
was J discovered, face downward. In the
creek, which contained less than six Indues
of water. - ¦ ; -
The unfortunate -man was 37 years of
age. He was the son of Horticultural
Commissioner George E. Stewart.
EPILEPTIC^. IS DROWNED
IN A SHALLOW. STREAM
Head of Collapsed Bank Dying.
JOLIET, III.. Oct. 22.— Charles H. Ba
con, president of the Exchange Bank,
which ceased business In Lockport yester
day, is reported at the point of death.
Heart trouble and excitement over the
failure are the causes. Investigation will
be made regarding deeds by which Prse
ident Bacon transferred real estate to
his wife. There Is nothing definite in
talk of criminal prosecution.
CHICAGO. Oct. 22.— John Beckett of Salt
Lake City, former district freight . and. pas
senger agent of the D«nver and KIo Grande
Railroad, died suddenly to-day of acute pneu
monu tteckatt was a wealthy ranchman.
The company employed 700 men. It had
a large trade in South America. The rea
sons assigned for the embarrassment are
a bad 'season, bad collections and doing a
business that was unwarranted by the
capital of the concern. "While no state
ment of the assets and liabilities has yet
been given out, a statement has been for
warded to the creditors that the,ir
claims be placed in. the Imnda of the.conv*
mittee for settlement and adjustment.
The committee hopes to find some means
PEORIA, 111., Oct. 22,— The Acme Har
vester Company, one ofthe largest manu
facturers of agricultural implements, has
been forced to place its affairs in the
hands of a committee representing the
creditors and • ask for an extension of
time. \Thls committee Is composed of S.
B. Forgan," vice president of the First Na
tional Bank of Chicago; E. C. Beck, E.
G. Burr of Boston, Martin Kingman and
Ferdinand j Luthy of Peorla. The assets
of the company, it is asserted, -are near
ly 14,000,000 and considerably In excess of
the liabilities.
Creditors' Committee in Charge of
~the Acme Concern.
HABVESTER COMPANY FAILS.
MINNEAPOLIS, Oct. 22.— The Minneap
olis Cold Storage Company has filed a pe
tition In bankruptcy and John Kunz has
been appointed receiver. The total Hbili
tles may reach $400,000, while the assets
are about $260,000. It is said the company
has been handicapped by the lack of
working: capital. The company probably
will be reorganized. The slump In the
Eastern butter market Is assigned by
Vice President McMullen as one of the
causes t>f the failure.
The principal creditors are the Kunz Oil
Company, of which Receiver Kunz is a
member, the Iowa Dairy and Separator
Company and A. I* Flanders. The prtn-^
cipal business of the company has been
buying cream from farmers and making
it into butter.
Minneapolis Cold Storage Company
Files Bankruptcy Petition.
HI HANDS OF RECEIVES,.
The news . has just been received here
fhat a band of ladrones surprised the
town of 'IrlBa, province : of Ambos Cani
arlnes, Luzon, on the 19th inst. and killed
the wife and uncle of tbePresidente and
three volunteers. Before retiring they
captured nine guns. Ouofre, the leader of
the ladrones, was killed". The Presidente
says that Ke was betrayed by the munici
pal secretary. V . . ' , ,
ippine Commission and submit
ted a cable, to" President rRooselevlt rec
ommending .the appointment of a busi
ness man of the United States as a mem
ber of the commission ; uopn the'retire
ment of Governor Taft. The Commission
ers present^ while they raised no objec
tion to the cable being forwarded to the
President, declined to express any opin
ion upon its merits.: There f Is a pro
nounced objection here to the proposal
that the President appoint Beekman Wln
throp, ex-asslstant . executive secretary,
to the vacancy, and several heads of the
department say they will resign if Win
throp gets the position." It is said that
the commission favors General George W.
Davis. ' r
nANILA, Oct. 22.— A committee
appointed by the American
Chamber of Commerce In this
city appeared^ before the Phil-
He Aspires to Succeed Taft
on the Philippine
McLaughlin's attention was called to
statements made to-day that Charles F.
Murphy, leader of Tammany, would en
deavor to placate the Kings County or
ganization by offers of patronage. The
Kings County Democratic leader said it
made: no difference to him now what
Murphy might do or say.
"Murphy," he continued, "offered to de
ceive me. He did* not speak the truth
when, in answer to my suggestion that a
man of the standing of Judge O'Brien or
Judge Gegerich ought to be named for
the Mayoralty, he said that they were ex
cellent men and would be carefully con
sidered. At that very time he had hto
mind fixed upon McClellan and the
whole object of his visit was. in plain
terms, to bunko me and through me to
mislead the people of Brooklyn."
A special committee was appointed to
take complete charge of the Kings Coun
ty canvass. Senator Patrick McCarran
is at the head of this committee.
The only dissenting vote cast was by
Richard W« Balnbridge, chairman of the
county committee. . .
NEW YORK, Oct. 22.— The executive
committe of .the Kings County Demo
cratic Committee, which met to-day In
Brooklyn, adopted the reoprt of the har
mony committee appointed at a recent
meeting of the county committee, and
will give its unqualified suppqrt to the
whole Tammany ticket.
McLaughlin Declares That Boss Mur
phy Tried to Deceive Him and ',
the People of Brooklyn.
KINGS COUNTY DEMOCBATS
WILL SUPPORT TAMMANY
CANADIANS DENOUNCE ENGLAND,
Some weeks ago I received tha letter from
Fresno. It suggested that he murder a cer
tain wealthy man and that I draw up a. will
leaving the estate to both of us. Aftev I had
read the epistle I was surprised and, as quickly
as possible, I turned it over to Captain of De
tectives Martin, requesting him to notify the
Fresno authorities. The communlcattpn seemed
Illogical and appeared to have been the work
of a crazy man. Its language denoted, insanity
and I rave tt little heed. As a precaution I
did notify the police, fearing, that Metcalf
might commit some act of violence and that I
should be held responsible for it If I did not
notify thft authorities.
The utmost secrecy has been maintained
by the police departments of this "fcity
and Fresno to prevent" the inside facts
from becoming public .regarding, the ar
rest of Metcalf and his associates.
Attorney Sanderson " was interviewed
last night regarding the case and made
the following statement:
Metcalf carne to my office several months
apo. He was Bent by friends who desired to
Joke with me. lie consulted me regarding an
itnposrlble case and as quickly as I could I grot
r:i of him and allowed the matter to drop.
Shortly before September 1 Metcalf came to
my office and said that he declred euf ticlent
moner to go to San Jose. I cave him what
hf> wanted and I supposed he' arrived , at his
stated destination.
Since his imprisonment Metcalf has
made a clean breast of- the .affair and
threatened revenge on the man who be
trayed him to the San, Francisco police.
The first accomplices of Metcalf have dis
appeared and Chief,.Mprgan has. notified
the local department to keep a close
watch for them.
.By diligent inquiry Chief Morgan
learned that Metcalf had planned to mur
der Sibiey on the night of October 6. The
criminal had waited in vain for a reply
f rom Sanderson' ' at San Francisco. The
fact that the letter he had written to
Sanderson had been submitted to Captain
Martin was unknown to him. Two of his
supposed accomplices were shadowed,
and one of them confessed. He told how
on September 1 the residence of Sibiey
v.as burglarized and die small safe taken
away. Metcalf and the other suspected
accomplices were partners in the job.' He
•told Chief Morgan of the contemplated
raid on October 6. Both accomplices
promised to remain until the final job
was attempted. All this Information was
contained in a letter from Chief Morgan
to the Chief of Police of this city.
According to advices from Fresno re
ceived by the Police Department of this
city, the two accomplices evaded the sur
veillance of Chief of Police Morgan and
disappeared the day before the contem
plated crime. • Metcalf persevered and se
cured the assistance of two other .men.;
At noon on October 6 the conspirator:
appeared at the home of Sibiey,-. which Is.
Jn the extreme western part of "Fresno."
Elbley was away and the three burglars,
instead of murdering the old man, . as
contemplated. merely ransacked ' the
premises. Chief Morgan and Policeman
Hartlgan were secreted In the back yard
and when the marauders emerged from
the house they overpowered them. Met
calf fought like a wildcat, but was finally
subdued.
Acting on advices from Chief of Police
Wittman of this city, the authorities of
Fresno have placed under arrest Arthur
Metcalf, a saloon loafer and all round
hard character of that place, and J. Ga
brlef.and J. Jordan, charged with being
accomplices* in a burglary.
About four weeks ago Captain of. De
tectives Martin was Interviewed by At
torney YVV "W. Sanderson, candidate on
the Democratic ticket for City Attorney
for the City of San Francisco. The at
torney chewed him a letter signed by
Albert Metcalf, dated at Fresno, in
which the offer was made to create San
derson a eharer in half of the proceeds
if he would draw up a will making Met
calf the sole legatee of the property of
William Sibiey, an aged resident of
Fresno, who from his lonely life and the
habit of keeping a small safe in his
house had gained the reputation of being
a wealthy miser.. In the letter it was pro
posed that the signature of Sibiey be
forged. The hints of violence were va^ue,
but evident, and Chief of Police Wittman,
to whom the matter was submitted at
once, telegraphed Chief of Police Morgan
of Fresno the contents of the letter, and
warned him to keep a lookout for a pos
sible murder.
Attorney of This City Receives Let
ter From Client Pro-posing
Crime and Notifies
Police.
First News of Plot Is Sent
by Department of San
Francisco.
The Denver is the only one of her class
contracted for 17 knots, all the others be
ing required to make 16.5 knots.
BOSTON, Oct; 22.— The second-class
protected cruiser Denver was given her
official trial tripvon the Cape Ann. course
to-day,* but failed to maKe ; the -. speed
called for In her contract. . Commander
Cowles * of the trial board gave out 16.28
knots, as, the average epeed made by the
cruiser during the day's run over ', the
measured course, while her contract calls
for 17 knots per hour for four consecutive
hours. Tidal corrections may help the
cruiser out a little, but will. not bring her
up to the required speed.
The Denver began her race against time
at 10:48:22 this forenoon, when she blew
her whistle and crossed the starting line.
She passed the Baltimore, -marking the
northern end of tho course,' at 12:47:36,
making the elapsed time for the 33 knots
1 hou/ 69 minutes and 14 seconds, and giv
ing her the average speed of 16.606 knots
per hour.
Turning a wide circle, the cruiser head
ed back for the starting line, but Just be
fore she repassed the Baltimore the pis
ton rod on j a low pressure rotary en
gine connected with the circulating
pump broke_ and the vessel had to be
slowed down for repairs. -¦'-'.
Af ttr twenty minutes' delay the pump
began working again, and the Denver
headed back to the southward over- the
course. . She went by the Baltimore at
2:03 and ran. into a stiff southwest wind
and quite a Jumpy sea. How much effect
these conditions may have .had on the
speed of the vessel could not be calculat
ed, but it could not have been anything
of great importance. The leg was finished
at 4:12:11, making the elapsedftlme for the
thirty-three knots 2:04:09^, and her aver
age speed on the southern leg 15.27 knots
an hour and her average speed per hour
for the whole course 16.28 knots. . • ;
Members of the trlal % board did not care
to express an opinion as to the cause of
the slowness of the cruiser, but President
Seddinger of the shipbuilding * company
was told that another trial may be given
the vessel in a month or so. /
PITTSBURG, Oct. 22.— Following the
suspension yesterday of the Federal Na
tional Bank of Pittsburg, the First Na
tional Bank of Allegheny failed to open
for business to-day and its directors have
notified the Comptroller of the Currency
that the institution has gone into volun
tary liquidation and requested him to take
the necessary action in such cases.
For some time the Allegheny bank has
been connected by rumor with the Fed
eral National Bank,, but it was believed
up to late yesterday v that It would weath
er the storm, notwithstanding the heavy
"run" upon it because . of these reports.
The directors, however, at a meeting last
night decided that, considering the best
interests of all concerned, the institution
should close.
Robert Lyons. Deputy Comptroller of
the Currency, of "Washington. D. C, Is
in charge of the Allegheny bank. J. D.
Kramer the assistant cashier, said that
as soon' as the assets were realized the
depositors would be paid off dollar for
dollar. „ '- . „ .
The First National Bank of Allegheny
was organized in January. 1864, and has
a capital stock of 1350,000. a surplus ©f
$100,000 and undivided profits of J34.871 80.
The' directors of the bank are connected
with some of the most important manu
facturing Interests In Allegheny.
The correspondents of the First Nation
al Bank are as follows: New York. Na
tional Park Bank: Philadelphia, First Na
tional Bank: Chicago, First National
Bank.
LIMA, Ohio, Oct. 22.— E. Vaughn of
Carrington, Ohio, a national bank exam
iner, has been appointed by the Secre
tary of the Treasury to take chance of
the First National Bank of Allegheny,
Pa. "i?S*^-*
MILWAUKEE, Wis.,.Oct.*23.— The theft
of a Chicago and Northwestern locomo
tive by six men has stopped all traffic for
twenty miles south of Janesville.
-At U o'clock last night the men stole
the locomotive from the gravel pits near
Beloit and started south at full speed.
The theft wsb not known until the en
gine was seen leaving Beloit with the
throttle wide open and the man aboard
yelling defiance to the railroad men, who
had discovered that the engine had been
stolen just too late to turn a switch and
stop the runaway.
As soon as the Janesville omce of the
railroad company was notified the train
dispatchers stopped every train between
Janesville and Caledonia, Jll. The Chi
cago officials of the division were called
out and emergency crews started out with
officers in pursuit of the fugitives and
every effort was made to catch the run
away engine and Its crew.
.for a continuance of the business, but at
present the plant is Idle, all the men hav
ing been laid off indefinitely.
PASO ROBLES, Oct. 22.— The tooting of
whistles this morning aroused the people
at an early hour and announced the gcod
news that the artesian well being drilled
by a local comrany, of which th,e people
of the town arc stockholders, had given
forth a stream of boiling mineral water.
The drillers had found no water at a
late hour last night, but about 1 o'clock
this morning a stream broke through the
thin strlD that separated the drill from
the hot water strata and by daylight Lad
flooded the territory for a block around.
The novel artesian well now Howa at the
rate of 300.000 gallon-* In twenty-four
hours and the water registers a tempera"-*
ture of 107 degrees.
The Paso Robles Hotel Company has
long claimed a monopoly of all hot min
eral water in the town site. A few
months asro a local company was formed
for the purpose of developing an Inde
pendent bathhouse and ths new well Is a
result of the local effort. A 110,000 bath
house is being planned. This is the second
hot artesian well developed here recently
1 and the hotel company is boring a third.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
"Run" Is Caused by the
Latter Institution's
•Suspension.
Bid Defiance to Railroad Men
Who Go in Pursuit of
Members of the Trial Board
May Send Her Again
Over the Couree.
Rejoicing in the Town When
the Discovery Is Made
Known.
Fresno Police Capture
Trio of Murderous
Burglars.
Collapse Follows That
of the Federal in
Pittsburgh
Pails to Make the Time
Called For in Her
Contract.
Throw Throttle Wide
Open and Start OS
at Pall Speed:
Paso Robles Workmen
Strike a Hot Mineral
Gusher.
CRUISER DENVER
SHORT IN SPEED
DARING THIEVES
STEAL AN ENGINE
ALLEGHENY BANK
FAILS TO OPEN
EARTH YIELDS
BOILING WATER
FOUL PLANS
THWARTED BY
TIMELY MOVE
THE SAN FBANblSCO CALL, TEIDAY. .OCTOBER 23, 1903.
GENERAL DAVIS,
MAY GET PLACE
ON THE BOARD
MILITARY MAN WHO MAY BE
APPOINTED A PHILIPPINE
COMMISSIONER.*. •
To Cure a Cold in ; One Pay
Take Laxative - Bromo Quinine Tablets. , All
drujciOsts refund the money If it falls to cure.
£. "W. Grove's signature Is on each box. 23c *
2
ADVERTISEMENTS. -'
Chas. Keilus & Co.
E x c 1 u s- Y v e
H igh-Qrade Clothiers
No Branch Stores. ' Xo Arents.
Nothing Left Undone
to Obtain Correctness
of Style, Make and
Fabrics in Our Smart
Clothes. It Wo Mid
Be Very Wrong to
invite You H e re
" Unless We Were 'Right.
® Tl *\\ ]^ @
K e a r n y S t r e e t
Thurlow Block
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I The Best School
Any one iwraMng tha amocnt ot >3
CASH betweea now sad Deoember
U, 190S, may reoelra PrtoUnt I*k
for the term cf one year; this epeclal
offer Is good only during the term
specified and KO LONGEBt It ia
ciade far the special purpose to en-
list as new eubscrlben young mea
and women who an contenipbttlag
to study the art of adTcrttsiig and
the writing of advertisements;
Printer*' Ink U » weekly Journal
for advertisers, and the beet of them
all; a weekly issue constitutes a
| weekly lesson, which can be studied
end digested at HOME without the
slightest interference with present
occupation; a yonr'6 reading Of
Printer*' Ink glres any one with
the ability, of becoming an advertls.
Ing m&a more practical* common
sense instruction t can any so-called
course by mail, for which a mxush.
higher tuition fee Is charged; tits
reading and careful study cf Print'
ert' Ink has not onij been a stepping
stone, bet the very oaklng of many .
young mea who sow occupy well-
' paid and responsible positions la the
\ stdrerticlag and publishing busU
i ness; there 1 is do other advertising
journal that treats publicity In the
earns comprehensive and practical
j way: there Is no other advertising
journal which .ependa so much
I money, time and effort to obtain
and gather from practical business
lite the .facts and experiences, ths
successes and failures of those who
ars daily engaged in advertising; no
young business man can read Print'
er*' Ink and not beoome an abler
business man for doing so; It's a
JoSimal of highest excellence, and It
should be read and studied in every
modem business offlce in the United
8ta tee; send 10c. fer a ssmpls oopy..
i For further Information, If desired,
address Managing Editor Printer*
Ink, Dept C. 10 Spruce EUN.T
Special Offer
"King of oO Bottled Beers.", j
Brewed from Bohemian Hops. : j
SOU) EYEEVWKERE.
EMUUKKT MKItCANYILK CO.. !
What are cloves for, do you
think? Fcr flavor; nothing
but flavor. There are two .j
measures of flavor: quality
quantity: fineness and strength.
Schilling's Best has, without
f xception, the very finest and
richest flavor and most of it;/
difference marked. One oz is
worth two of the next best;
twenty of some.
Your grocer's; moneyback.
ffi&ffi ' * ¦ "••'&: ¦'.:-. ¦!& ..$¦{¦ '¦¦:¦ \ •'¦",- :-.- : ..^ADVERTISEMENTS... ,. .... , ¦¦ . ..- .\-'..'."" ..
jeSJwJsj .{'At '. HI . '<£?* s ***! .aj uE- III T T I^T \ * 1 B "^ ¥"^ I !
ffyRraj ' -— iii . i fcr-^ • j -g j f I ,. cj .PANAMA, Oct. 22—It Is reported that}
the differences between Colombia and '
Nicaragua. gTo~ing out of the aid the'
revolutionists of both countries received
Suring the recent revolutions, will be arbi- '
tt-ated by President Diaz of Mexico J
Diaz to Act as Arbitrator.
Oppose Change in Fiscal Policy. |
? ?,£.: ° ct - of
the Miners Federation of Great Britain
had a conference In London to-day to
consider Joseph Chamberlain's fiscal pro- I
poeals and adopted a resolution to the !
f*7u 11 the!r o P !llj0 a any change
L 1^ Jf' RCaJ POIIcy of the country would
be detrimental to Its general Interests.
Will Aid to Enforce Pure Food Laws.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 22. — Professor
George A. Colby was to-day appointed
a epeclal agent of the Agricultural De
partment to secure chemical analysis of
samples taken from cargoes arriving at
ban Francisco In. connection with the en
forcement of Dure food laws.
Army order* — Captain Harry B. Cham
berlain, quartermaster, goes from San
•Francisco to St. Paul, Minn.; Captain
Frank A, Grant, Quartermaster, goes
from San Francisco to Seattle, Wash.;
Captain Guy Carleton, paymaster. Is to
return from the Philippines to San Fran
ci'eco. there to wait for Instructions; Cap
tain Arthur W. Chase, paymaster, Chica
go, is assigned to duty In San Francisco.
: WASHINGTON. Oct. 22.— Fourth-clasi
postmasters appointed: California— Luel
la Gertrude Fippin, Rough and Ready,
Nevada County, Wee John F. Schroeder
resigned; Petrine C. Brake. Washington!
Plumas County, vice Harry c. Reed, re^
elgned.
Postal Changes and Army Orders.
HONOLULU, Oct. 22.— Through an er
ror In the transmission of a wireless
telegram It wa« announced that the tw<
missing boats from t\je wreck of th<
.French bark Connetable de Richemoir
had arrived at Kallau, on the Island o:
Hawaii. A corrected message says that
only th« boat containing: the boatawair
end seven Bailors had arrived there Th<
boat containing the first mate and sever
men Is still missing.
Boatswain and Seven Sailors of tin
Connetable de Richcmont Beach
Hawaiian Port.
SHIPWRECKED MABINEBS
ARRIVE SAFELY AT KATLATJ
CHICAGO. Oct. 22.— Dorothy Thurmai
hos decided sh<» Is not the widow of thi
late Abraham EL Kohn, who died recentlj
In a San Francisco sanitarium. Conse
quently she will not carry out her threai
cf seeking to establish her legal right
The decision is said to have followed s
conference with her attorney. In whici
ehe outlined the bisls of her claim.
"Miss Thuncan believed she was en
titled to recognition In the courts and
based that claim upon what sh« supposed
was the law," sali an attorney, speaking
for her. "She has been advised she wai
mistaken. There was no ceremony and
}liss Thurmaji's assertion that she waj
Kohn's widow grew out of a wrong un
derstanding of the conditions of common
law marriage in Illinois."
Decides Not to Hake a Contest for
Estate cf the Late Abraham
H. Kohn.
B0B0THY THTTBlfcAN LEARNS
THAT SHE IS NOT A WIDOW
NEW "FORK, Oct. 21— Letrta Nixon oc
cupied the witness stand again to-<3ay at
the hearlnc of the United States Ship
building Company and gave much valu
able testimony concerning the general af
fairs cf The corporation. He testified that
he had opposed the Sheldon reorganisa
tion plan and had as a counter proposition
urged that the stock be assessed In or
der to raise the amount necessary to save
the combination from default and bank
ruptcy. His plan for assessment was op
posed by Charles M. Schwab, holder at
that time- cf ttOfiOOfiM of the stock, who,
according to Nixon, declared that th«
stockholders would not pay the assess
ment.
Schwab, so Nixon swore, declined to
pot up any more unless the Bethlehem
bonds were given preference as a lien j
upen the shipbuilding plants to the first
mortgege bonds.
Nixon's testimony also dereloped the
fact that there wes a wide discrepancy
as to the estimated earnings In letters
written by Treasurer Gary to the mem- j
bers of the reorganization committee. !
Samuel Untermcyer. counsel for the bond
holders, asked If it did not show that
there had been an attempt to minimize
the value cf the shipj-ards and magnify
the value of the Bethlehem plant, but
the witness would not cay so.
Much time was taken up In an unsuc
cessful effort to get at the history of a
mysterious check fcr CjO.QOO found at the
Trust Company of the Republic. It was
drawn to "Louis Nixon or ourselves" on
the same date the checks were made out
for the payment cf the cash given to the
vendors for their plants and properties.
Nixon swere that he had never seen the
check before and that he knew nothing
at its history. Both &Ides disclaimed
knowledge of Its history and tie destina
tion of the emcunt of money for which
It was drawn, and the only explanation
frcm any source was that it had simply j
been put through the banks by the Trust
Company cf the Republic The effort to
eet the history of the check will b« re
newed later in the hearing.
Nixon testified that he know as early
as last April that unless the combina
tion could get some money from the Beth-
Ifhem property or elsewhere It must fall.
and warned his associates on the direc
torate that they must husband their re
sources. It was brought out oa cross-ex- I
amination that the share of promotion I
profits ect eside for Schwab, of which i
Nixon told yesterday, had never been paid. I
Ncse of the commitments on account of
promotion were paid. 10 Nixon testified.
The hearing will go en to-morrow after
noon and at the close probably will b«
edjourned fcr ten days on account of eet
engagements of counsel. This adjourn- I
meat probably will prevent the taking of i
the testimony of Schwab and Paa until I
eome time week after next. '
Both Factions In the Controversy
Disclaim Knowledge as to
Destination of Sum In
volved.
Nixon, in Whose Name It Is
Made Out, Says He Never .
Saw It.
Paper Worth $250,000
Figures in Shipyard
Hearing.
MYSTERIOUS
CHECK WITH
NO HISTORY
THE SAN FK AKCTSCO 1 CALL, rRIE)AY, OCTOBER < 23, 1903.
3
-^ * - ...*....-.... ¦ . ' .......I^.^.i... AD TEBTISE3gENT8.
Overcoat Day for Boys and Youths
The cold foggy weather of late makes a warm overcoat a necessity. If you have boys to clothe this sale
xjyjp|l|§|^ is your opportunity. ;/£.; v>
' et^ e y° ur sons overcoa t question with us, for Friday and Saturday will be overcoat days in our juvenile
\k r^ We can save you money on your purchases— save you enough to buy the boy all his hats and furnishings.
JJS^lC Our clothing is made in our own workshops. . We are the only firm on the Pacific coast manufacturing our
-¦^^f^f^fefc own stock of youths.' and boys' clothing and selling direct to the wearers. We would like you to verify this
statement. Buy from us, the, makers, and save the middleman's profit.
: W?: :^^^M^I^% e are showing the swellest of garments in an immense assortment, comprising every style, weave, pattern
<fiv*SS|^Pim^^^ and price. We mention a few items from our large stock. | I
lOvercoats for young men from 14 to 10 years
; S^?-i .^pfc^^if^^w The tlack thibet overcoat cut long, with slash pockets and velvet collar as pictured in the upper illustration, is the swell
overgarment for stylish young men who want to dress in the height of fashion. Our maker-to-wearer price for this
: !^i^l^^5rijK^» The Oxford gray overcoat in the new herringbone weave is another smart overcoat for. young men. It is cut extra long,
W:$&^^^^^^^mt is made loose fitting, with' velvet collar and stash pockets. We have priced this garment at $9.00.
y^M :^^^^'M0^W The long "Tourist" ov?rcoat/made wi h belt effect in back and military shoulder?, is daily becoming more popular. The
third picture, below shows you how the garment looks.- It is cut full and boxy and the materials are serviceable Scotch
*' mixtures. Our price for this coat is $9.00. . "
?••'•• i-V^^^fel^J^^^ The second illustration, where the young man is holding the dog, pictures a blue cheviot overcoat of three-quarter
; S^|^^|^^p| length. It is a dressy garment for young men and is unusual value at the price of $7.50. Same "style in Oxford gray $8.00.
&?:&f$$$!& WM^M^^^m Another overcoat which is qu : fe a favorite, particularly because of its price, is a dark Oxford gray at $5.00.
|S^^ii^^i|S^:?\^^S ' Overcoats for boys from 9 to 13 years
&VJ-^v$M^^^ • __^^^fe«v. * A popular coat for boys of this age is a long cut garment, as shown in the third
H^^^l^lg WM^^K^pM "' illustration. This garment comes in Oxford gray mixtures and the prices are
l^^l^I^lrl^^^^B^I^. Should you_ favor Scotch mixtures, we show them in long cut overcoats
Jk^&- -^Si^ Tne f ourth picture below shows a swell black thibet overcoat, cut long and
ft V 'iS_ loose * Tne price is 9 * 00 ' ' The s?me stvle in Oxford gray $8.00.
l^^^^^^^#P^}l^i| '^iS^^^mk^0^S^ & If you want a coat in .three-quarter length, we can show you blue kersey
0^$i^^0i^P^^r0 li^^S^^^^^^M with a veIvet C0liar ' that is extremel v Stylish: price $6.00.
v^^^^|^§^^g^^^i:^ v " Ou r stock °^ top coats or b °y s trom 9t0 covert cloth and other
goods in tan, stone gray, navy blue and brown, and the prices are $3.50, $4.00,
WWl&S^:' Wg||jSa^ e have long overcoats with belt effects, in neat gray and green mixtures,
jAetched mm Life Children's top coats in tan or navy b'ue cheviots, at $3.50, $4.00 and $5.00.
Boys' dress sailor suits in navy blue. - W^^^^^^W- I IIS^ is °thaf
royal blue, cadet blue, golden brown "^^^^m^S^W 6 Trf^
and dark green serges, neatly trimmed P^^^Bi^Sitii a^madToT Wue blue
with rows of white, black and red ; . fe^^^^SW^^I " ' ' " :^« cheviots, swell dark mixed
braid; ages 3 to 12 years; sale price Lrf^v ||lp^ I I 1 worsteds and stylish Scotch
Boys' sailor suits in navy blue chev- ¦ ||S f J^^fer or oubIe brea sted styles and
iot, neatly trimmed with white or black |S JJF th Ouf^uar nte^oe^v 9 yearS "
Ua Hocif/iH in flnic cf\7i/3 r\f rrormfinf Sketched from Life «^^ l^'ilS'J; 1 <i^^l^y^v^^«i^^^f'K ) 'v•*'«¦I^3^c _____________«__^_ 1 _____^^________________
us ucsireci in tnis siyie or garnicnr. - • .. f :ii^^^^^^^^^^ .
Boys' two=psece suits I B °y s ' knee P ants .
. w, u , j , Here is a chance to buy the boy some .'- mi^m0^MS^^r^M • I -rff'IW
We are offering some extra good values extra good knee trousers for school wear. ¦ \ ~4 ¦&
in two-piece suits for boys from 7 to 14 SDme of the pants are- blue cheviots, B0W^^f^0^m l V 2^!^
years of age. The garments are m idem others are dark mixed cheviots, and .vCilPW
dark gray and brown Scotch mixtures. . some come in corduroy of tan, brown Wm^^^^^M v ;
They are excellent garments for school and blue. The ages are 3 to 15 years m^^^^^m
$2.75 and $3.50 put the cloth to any other advantage. #|g ; ?|i^S^fcl4l '
ROV^' Ilsi^Prw^Jlf I Children's corduroy sailor hats and caps I MWfS^S
mJ\J J J li liUWl TV Will Children's corduroy sailor hats in red, blue, white and brown, with plain front or with j£$| l^^' :^^m^^^M
Wp rjirrv rnmnlptp lin^Q of rhU emblems, and also with combination leather tops; prices 45c, 75c, $1.00 and $1.25. P^ P^&^S 6^^
a lit ™a\™J?a ? • Children's large corduroy sailor hatsin tan, white and blue, with colored leather tops |g i&i^^lv^B
dren sand boys underwear at prices to match, or withblaclc glazed leather tops; price $1.00. . '
from doO to §1.50. . Children's corduroy automobile caps in red, brown and blue at 45c; in white, red, W^H^^^^^UHk
Fine blue ribbed, 35c a garment. |blue and tan at $1.00. j P^'^^^^gBfflHI
Derby ribbed, fleece lined, 25c and 35c ZZIIIIZZZII^^ f^^^^^^^^^m
a girment, according to sizes. People living outside of San Francisco can oraer these advertised goods and be served as well as [SffiUWS^^^^^^S
Natural wool, ages 8 to 15 years, all though they bought in person. In ordering please address department N. . , $£& '&&}•%^P^§^^^^^
sizes-, 50c a garment. " ; : : ' l^^^i^PI^^^^^
school hose, 25c a pair. . 740 Market Street 'Sketched fnmLifej &&]$p' :LONDON, Oct. 22,— The ¦. cae* , of < Whitaker
Wright, the promoter, against whom the
Grard Jury at the , Old Bailey found a .true
bill on October . 20 on : the chance of. attempt-
Ing to defraud- the stockholders , of , the London
and ' Globe Finance Corporation, was to-day
adjourned until the November s »e»irtoa« on ¦ the
application of Wrieht, . whose defem* Is not
LIVERMORE, Oct. 22.— Dr. Wlnsor died
at- his , home 4 here this morning after a
long ' battle with *'. consumption. . Deceased
was 41 years of age and for . a number of
years had been connected .with the County,
Hospital-; at- Denver,- Colo. He : leaves - a
widow. - . ¦
Liverxnore Doctor ; Dead.
OAKLAND, , Oct.' 22.— The following
marriage \ licenses ¦_; were issued by : the
County .Clerk , to-day: John Johansen, 25,
San Francisco, and. Christina 'Jorgensen,
22, Oakland ; James H. Robinson/ 52, and
Emma E. ; Dotsen/ 38,-, both of San Fran
cisco;-. Charles : S. Johnson, t over . 21, , and
May * Roberts, over 18, both of, Oakland;
Norman <• W.'£ 6teece?S23,v arid - Annie '* B:
Welder. 21. both of Oakland.
Marriage Licenses.
OAKLAND. Oct. 22.— Harold Blakeley,
17. years of age, residing with his mother
at €32 Telegraph avenue, was arrested to
day on telegraphed request from the Chi
cago police, announcing Blakeley's indict
ment on a charge of burglary in the
windy city. The boy admits he was in
the- Illinois ~- metropolis . two months ago,
but denies' juilt of crime.
Chicago Police Want Boy.
Charles McGifnn.'a young man who re
cently returned from Manila, was ar
rested early Thursday . morning for
drunkenness. After being released from
Jail, his father had him sent to St. Mary's
Hospital, claiming that the arresting pa
trolman had beaten ' his son badly, and
that the latter was in a precarious ' con
d!tlon. The physicians at the hospital
say that McGlffln Is merely suffering
from a few slight abrasions df the face
Says Patrolman Beat Son.
• LOS ANGELES. 'Oct. 23.— The great
George K. Porter ranch in the San Fer
nando Valley. . sixteen mUes north , of this
city, was purchased. to-day by Henry E.
HutJngton and associates for $575,750.* The
property consists of 16,450, acres and the
price is about , $35 an acre. : Those vwlth
Huntington' in the syndicate ' are - E. H.
Harriman, General * H. Q. ¦ Otis, - A. < B.
Hammond. W. G. Kerckhoff, : J. F. Sar
torl, George C. ; Hunt, E. T. Earl and
George . K. , Porter. '.The property, was
owned \ by ( the -Porter Land' and Water
Company and 'the present buyers secured
an; option. on it a; year ago. The town of
San , Fernando,*: on ". the main I line < of ."; the
Southern \ Pacific ¦$ Railroad, • and # - some • of
the Y finest \ fruit ; and farming Viands I in
Southern California are included.
Hun tington Syndicate Buys Ranch'.
A, party of automobllists, speeding out
Point Lobos avenue, for a midnight ride
on Wednesday,' nearly «came to grief. One
of "Uncle Sam's heaviest guns, which is
to guard : the"? heights above. the Cliff
House, was left in the middle of the road
unmarked -by any light.
• The .fog was thick , and .the machines
were upon the mass of steel before the
danger jbecame apparent. C. R. Scott, in
charge of the leading machine, stopped
within • one . foot . of ; the obstruction. Had
it not' been \ for ; his ' dexterity and the
powerful] brakes a serious accident would
surely > have 'happened. , v ;: . ' -
Powerful Machine Is Stopped Within
' One Foot of Ponderous Obstruc- , :
' ) tion on Frequented Road.
ATJTOMOBILISTS ESCAPE
. "¦;. : UNSCATHED FROM DANGER
General Nelson A. Miles, former com
manding general of the United States
army, who has been making a tour of tho
Southwest, arrived on the late train from
Los Angeles last night. He went direct
to the Palace Hotel, but was disappointed
there in h^ efforts, to get accorrfmoda
tions, owing to the crowded condition of
that establishment. He later found rooms
at the Grand. The general stated that
he is simply passing through San Fran
cisco on hi* way to the north. ,
General Miles Arrives.
DYNAMITEES WEECK
BANK IN KANSAS TOWN
Make Away With Large Stun and a
Posse of Citizens Is in '
Pursuit.
WICHITA, Kans.. Oct. 22.— The Burrton
State Bank was dynamited and robbed
of • tHousands* of dollars shortly after
midnight. -The whole, town of Burrton
is aroused and a posse has started In pur
suit of the bandits. The amount of cash
obtained cannot be learned, as the bank
officials are very reticent.
He was a past master of California
Lodge. F*. and A. M., secretary of the
Past Masters' Association, and a mem
ber of California Commandery, Knights
Templar. - . j
The funeral will take place this after
noon at 2 o'clock from the Masonic Tem
ple. ;^r. .
In the death of Peter Thomas Barclay,
which occurred on Wednesday, the Ma
sonic fraternity loses one of its most
earnest and highly es^Qmed members,
and hf3 many relatives, friends and ac
quaintances suffer an Irreparable loss.
He was born ln Fort Vancouver, fifty-six
years ago, and had always been closely
identified with the business interests of
this coast. For many years he was a
prominent merchant of this city, bqt dur
ing the last few years ill health com
pelled him to clve up active life.
Death of Prominent Mason.
Charles M. Harding, a collection agent,
was arrested on Monday .. few hours
after his release from the County Jail
after sen-ing a six months' sentence for
battery on a charge of threats to kill.
The complaining witness was R. Schultz
While being arraigned ln Police Judge
Conlan's court on Tuesday he said In
open court that he would not be satisfied
till he had killed Jules C. Gamage. a rival
collection agent. Yesterday Gamage
swore to a complaint before Judge Con-
Ian charging Harding with threats to
kill and he was bookod at the City
Prison. » "'¦¦:..',
Wants to Kill Somebody.
CONNELLSVILLE, Pa.. Oct. 22.— Tha
coke trade continues to stump 'and each
day Is adding to/ the list of idle ovens.
The list will rea£h '9000 Idle and it may
possibly get up to 10,000 ovens by the time
the furnaces are all on the restricted list.
The restriction In the coke business
means several months' idleness for nearly
10,000 coke workers. «-
Coke Trade Continues to Slump.
Four indictments were returned against
Jarr.cs C. Beasley, two charging him with
forging and two with uttering forged
checks for f.3800 each. He gave ball in
the sum of $11,000. Beasley was recently
apprehended in South Africa and taken
back to Nome.
SEATTLE, Wash.. Oct. 22. — Nome
Alaska, advices to the Post-Intelligencer
state that Councilman E. E. Hill of that
city has been indicted by the Federal
Grand Jury upon the charge of extorting
money from dance hall women.
FORMER CORONER HILL
IS INDICTED AT NOME
The featur* event on the boxing pro
gramme of the San Francisco Athletic
Club to-mjrht will be the bout between
Gas Koster and Nick Dunne, at ISO
pounds. There will be six other bouts
all of them promising. Martin Canole
and George Gardner will judge the vari
ous events and Alex Greggains will ref
c-r*t.
Canole and Gardner as Judges.
Rca also declares tnat the Saratoga
and Los Gatos road: will eventually be
extended Into the Big Basin park. Sur
veyors for this line will be placed in the
field next, spring. . Only, about sixteen
miles of road will have to be built from
Saratoga to reach the basin. The^ pro
moters of the Interurban line are said. to
have made an offer for the First street
electric railway. This line has. branches
into all sections of the, city. It Is owned
by the German Savings Bank of San
Francisco. -Those on -the outside claim
that if a fair price is named the Inter
urban people Will purchase the road. .,.
All these railway developments have
been the means of advancing the real
estate market in . San Jose. .The demanfl
for houses to : rent' is greater: than the
supply and holders, of city property are
not anxious to sell.' '- ' - ' :
The Interurban Company has the fran
chise which was granted to G. T. Dunlap
from this city to Palo Alto /by the Su
pervisors about two years *go and they
will build along this route.; Provided it
should be determined that this franchise
ha3 lapsed a new one will be asked. The
proposed road to Evergreen! will run' out
through the Third Ward and on through
East San Jose. „
SAN JOSE, Oct. 22.— The San Jose-Los
Gatos Interurban Electric Railway is
planning to place a network of electric
roads In Santa Clara County, all radiat
ing from San Jose. A line to Palo Alto
and another to Evergreen, it is. said, will
be started shortly after the first' of the
year. President J. W. Rea of the Inter
urban line has just returned from the
East, and declares that the stockholders
of the company are well pleased with the
outlook for the Los Gatos and Saratoga
line and are ready to build' more lines.
He declares he has been authorized to
build electric, roads wherever the pros
pects of traffic will justify tho venture. • .
San Jose Company Proposes to Build
a Number of' Different •
. , Roads.
NEW ELECTRIC LINES
WILL COVER A COUNTY
Refrigeration w*s not perfect, as the
fruit was with the stores for the trans
pert .service: mess; The freauent • with
drawal, of -Quantities of supplies: for use.
on beard the ship caused a loss in refrig
eration." With a complete and continuous
refrigeration fresh fruit can be. no doubt,
successfully marketed in the Philippines.
The nluma jilso were In perfect order
when .ooened. - Of the Spears four or five
Were .'ai little past tne point of 'ripeness.
The ; rest .'...wer« excellent and- without a
flaw, i . '¦¦¦:/ ¦? ¦ •": . ¦ . ¦ ¦ . Si'£\-'5
"They took the officers off their feet,"
remarks the ; correspondent, "and my
quarters were besieged until they were
tjone. The apples we get are small and
inferior in' quality,, coming from "Austra
lia, Included with the r large meat ship
ments from there, However, they sell at
from 10 cents to 25 cents each." ; ,
SANTA CLARA, Oct. 22.-The possibil
ity of shipping fresh. fruit, to the Philip
pines and to Asiatic ports has been dem
onstrated by means of a successful ship
ment sent by S. W. Charles of Palo Alto
from the packing-house of A. Block of
Santa Clara. ¦ r
. The .shipment was- made on. the trans
port Sherman in cold ' storage, and the
fruit was five weeks In transit. The fruit
selected was from a lot then being, pre
pared for the London market and In
cluded one. box of white Astrakhan ap
ples, one box of plums, and one' box of
Bartlett -pears. Mr, Charles wrote to his
relative,: Allan' E. Peck,- assistant sur
geon, TJ.' S. N.. at Manila, notifying him
of", the shipment and asking him to in
form «hlm with -full particulars of the
condition of the fruit on arrival. A reply
has been "received, indicating that the
fruit arrived ln almost perfect condition.
The apples were absolutely perfect, large
and sound. ' k .»
Special Dispatch to The Call,
Investigation of the remaining cases on
the calendar will be made that proper
disposition of them may be made as they
come, on for trial. The Prosecuting At
torney said he would • ask for dismissal
ln each case where It was shown that the
dentist accused' had been complying with
the law. To date -the Police Court of
flclals . have received , no explanations
from the State Board of. Dental Examin
ers for theevident carelessness' and lax
ity displayed by its representative in pre
liminary Investigations 'of ¦ the* status 'of
dentists whose unwarranted arrests have
been made. . ;
On behalf of Dr. Rees it was stated that
he had not been practicing his profession
since January 1; that Dr. Fairbairn had
been out of business for a long time; that
Dr: Lindsay had been out of this city
for two years, and that Dr. Faulkner
¦was in San Jose and was not practicing
Judge Smith ordered the Mariotte and
McMath cases dismissed and -the four un
served warrants withdrawn.
"I have personally Investigated the evi
dence against the two dentists whose
cases are on to-day's calendar." explained
Prosecuting Attorney Leach, "and have
found that they have at all times fully
complied with the law both as to licenses
and as to registration! Th'ere has un
doubtedly been some error, to say the
least, on the part of the person who swore
to the complaints. Hence I move dis
missal." -
Hamilton, the State board's representa
tive, who swore to the complaints, 'was
not in court to-day when the cases of
Mariotte and McMath were called,, al
though, according to the Prosecuting At
torney, the absentee knew this was the
day for trial. •
Other cases to be disposed of as a re
sult of the crusade by C. C. Hamilton,
formerly an Oakland attorney,* claiming
authority from the State Board of Den
tal Examiners are those of Dr. G. N.
Hein, Dr. S. C. Hornef, Dr. Edward
Conn. Dr. J. J. Walk, Dr. L. R. Patery,
Dr. W. Nordlund and Dr. J. Nordlund.
The status of these dentists has not been
investigated by the Prosecuting Attorney,
but the State board's secretary, F.~ G;
Baird, has exonerated Dr. Hein among
this number, as well as Drs. Mariotte,
McMath, Lancaster. and Rees.
"I believe great Injustice has beeji done
these men " In the filing of complaints
against them," declared Prosecuting At
torney A. P. Leach in the Police Court
this morning when he asked for the dis
missal of the charge of practicing with
out a license which were made against
Dr. P. A. Mariotto and Dr. J. F. O. Mc-
Math, dentists of this city. The Prose
cuting Attorney followed with an of
ficial statement requesting the withdraw
al of warrants yet unserved on Dr. J. S.
Rees, Dr. F. S. Fairbairn, Dr. C. M.
Lindsay and Dr. A. C. Faulkner, charged
with the same offense. It was announced
that as soon as the case of Dr. C. E. Lan
caster was reached dismissal would be
moved. - ,
Oakfand Office San francisco Call,
;:; : : - llls Broadway, Oct. 22.
Treasurer Robs Labor Organization.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Oct. 22.— Charles
L. Conine, national secretary and treas
urer of the National Brotherhood of
Leather Workers and Harness and Horsa
Goods Makers, was convicted In the Crim
inal Oourt here to-night on the charge of
embezzling $3673 from the order and was
sentenced to two and a half years In the
penitentiary.
NEW 'YORK. Oct. 22.— The American
Sugar Refining Company closed its big
rennery ln Jersey City to-day. The Na
tional Sugar Refinery Company also
closed Its big plant In Tonkers. The Na
tional Company's refinery, It Is said, will
be closed for only a few days, while the
other establishment may not reopen for
some time. Officials of the American
Company said the ctosing of these refin
eries was in no way attributable to a
falling off In trade other than the usual
depression at this season of the year.
Eastern Refineries Close Down.
CONSTANTINOPLE. Oct. 22.— The Rus
sian and Austrian Embassadors to-day
presented to the Porte notes embodying
the demands agreed on at the recent con
ference between the Czar and Emperor
Francis* Joseph, held at Murzsteg, Styria.
LONDON, Oct. 23.— In a dispatch from
Vienna the correspondent of the Dally
Telegraph says now that the Austro-
Russlan note has been presented to the
Porte, developments are expected to fol
low rapidly. The . best Informed persons
in Vienna, the correspondent goes on,
have been assured that there will be no
further trouble this winter, but certain
armed Intervention Is necessary before
the reforms will be enforced.
Austria is strengthening her garrisons
in the Sandjak of Novi-Bazar,. European
Turkey (In which, under the Berlin treaty
of 1S&7, she maintains a military force)
and is rushing the completion of the rail
way between Sarakevo and MItrovitza.
SOFIA. Oct. 22.— The War Minister has
dismissed the reservists of the second
class, and It is expected that the reserv
ists- will be disbanded by October 27, just
prior-to the elections.
AUSTRO-BTJSSIAN DEMANDS
PRESENTED TO THE PORTE
California Apples and
Pears Amaze Manila
Officers.
NEWLY ELECTED OFFICERS
OF ST.. MARY'S COLLEGE
ATHLETIC ASSOCIATION.
Prosecuting Attorney Is
Wroth Over Dentist's
Arrest.
SANTA ROSA. Oct. 22.— Two young
women of Healdsburc, Miss "Isabel Simi
and Miss Maude Shire, are suffering from
the effects of a runaway accident which
occurred there to-day. J. Shlrje, a brake
man on the California Northwestern, was
also one of the victims, but was not as
painfully injured as were the young la
dies.
Shire was driving down Lincoln street,
his slstrr and her friend being with him.
The horse became unmanageable and
overturned the buggr m a ditch, the oc
cupants beine thrown out. Miss Shire
feU over a fence Into a yard close by and
was cut and bruised. Miss Slmi sustained
a broken rib.
Vicious Horse Overturns the Vehicle
and Thiee Occupants Are
Injured. •
YOUNG WOMEN HURT
IN A BUGGY ACCIDENT
FRUIT ENDURES
ON LONG VOYAGE
According to present j.lans, teamsters
will refuse to deliver proscribed meat
c-jttcrs- employed In retail shops will not
sell it. restaurant cooks will refuse to
cook it and waiters will refuse to s»rve
the boycotted meat. Stationary engineers
alsi will not raise the steam necessury
for prrparaticn of non-union beef. A
ctalexm.-nt to the public has been issued
by the Council of Labor, explaining the
trouble between the butchers and their
employers. The statement says that
"th^re is a possibility of a meat famine
in Los Angolcs."
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 22 —There is some
rrcsptct that other unions may take a
hard. :n the butchers' strike now on In
thl* city.' About 20 unirn butchers v.-ont
on f.-tr;y.e two days cfo and there is strzng
(fieri, being made to secure the active as°
riFlanop of the Cooks", Waiters' and
TcanjFtern' unions.
LOS ANGELES MAY HAVE
SEBIOUS MEAT FAMINE
TRINIDAD. Colo., Oct. 22.— Efforts by
the United Mine Workers of America to
induce the ccal mine operators of District
Union No. 15, embracing Colorado, New
Mexico, Utah and Wyoming; to confer
with their miners for the purpose of es
tablishing an eight-hour <3ajr. Increasing
wages and to make more ample provision
for the protection of life and health, have
been abandoned and a strike may be call
ed within a week. This announcement
was made to-day by President William
Howella of ( District Union No. 15, who
said; •
We have stven up trylny to Induce tha
mine owners to confer with us and have noti
fied President John Mitchell of the national
organization to this effect by telegraph. I
expect Mr. Mitchell to declare a strike ln .this
district. When I receive such an order I will
transmit it to all of the subordinate unions
and a walkout will follow. The strike will
be directed from Trinidad. I believs the oper
ators have made a serious mistake and that*
they will realize It before Ions:.
Strike May Bo Called in Colorado,
Utah, New Mexico and
Wyoming.
COAL OPERATORS REFUSE
TO CONFER WITH MTNER3
PARIS, Oct. 22.— The first Important de
bate in the Chamber of Deputies to-day
resulted in a victory for the Government.
Premier Combes demanded that the inter
pellations, of which there are* many, on
the subject- of religious congregations, be
united with those on the general policy
of the Government, and the religious in
terpellations were withdrawn. The oppo
sition speakers. MM. Gauthier and Dan
zite. dwelt chiefly . on the recent strike
riots at Armentleres and Honnebont, re
proaching the Government for not taking
measures to prevent disorder, to maintain
liberty to work and for not ordering the
troops to interfere until houses had been
pillaged and burned.
The Premier replied that the Cabinet
had determined to govern with the entire
Republican party against the reactionary
coalition. - •
Referring to the situatipn at Armen
tieres, he said there had been plenty of
troops there" and the fact that no action
was taken was due to the' military com
manders. The civil authorities had neg
lected no precautions.
The Government intended, the Premier
continued, to carry on the war against
the congregations, as well as a war of
free thought against slavery of the Intel
ligence.
In conclusion, M. Combes announced
the Government's intention to repeat the
Falloux law, thus finally destroying con
gregational education. The Chamber
voiced its unqualified confidence by a vote
of 332 to 233.
CHAMBER OF DEPUTIES
SUSTAINS GOVERNMENT
M. Michaelson, a shipbuilder, and M.
Vogt. a lawyer, are appointed Ministers
of State for Norway in the State Council,
sitting at Stockholm.
The new Cabinet is constituted as fol
lows: Professor Hagerup, Premier and
Minister of Justice; Sigurd Ibsen (a son
cf Henrlk Ibsen, the Norwegian poet and
dramatist.) Norwegian Minister of State
at Stockholm; Pastor N. H. Bogue, Min
ister of Instruction; M. Choeninge. Min
ister of Commerce; W. Kildat. Minister
of Finance; M. Hanstn. Minister of Pub
lic Works; M. Mlthleson. Minister of
Agriculture; Lieutenant Colonel Strug
stad. Minister of War.
CHRISTIANIA. Norway, Oct. 22.—Pro
fessor Hngerup has succeeded in forming
a new Cabinet in succession to the Blehr
Ministry, which resigned yesterday, in
consequence of a parliamentary commit
tee's decision in favor of the opposition
in the disputed election case, whereby
the opposition gained four seats.
Sigurd Ibsen, Son of the Noted Poet
and Dramatist, to Bs Minister
of State.
NEW NORWEGIAN CABINET
IS FORMED BY HAGERUP
SAYS INJUSTICE
HAS BEEN DONE
St. Mary's College has always endea
vored to develop the athletic as well as
the mental side of the student. The Ath
letic Association of the college was or
ganized ten years ago by brother John,
and every year since that time the stu
dents have elected from among their
number those who control the athletics of
the college. Brother John's work has
been ably followed by Brother A^non,
This year the boys are going into work
that they have never tried before. Base
ball and the usual run of track athletics
are all that the college boys have at
tempted, but there is to be a basket ball
team formed from among the under-grad
uates and a football team may be at
tempted if sufficient material can be de
veloped. A handball court has been con
structed and a tournament in this sport
is ln course of preparation.
Baseball has already begun. Teams
have been formed from the ¦ different
jelasses and a", trophy has been offered by
the faculty for the championship of the
college. The St. Mary's baseball . team is
preparing a schedule of games with sur
rqunding colleges and institutions for the
season.
TACOMA. Wash., Oct. 22.— Two young
highwaymen, asred IS and 20 years, have
terrorized Carbonado. Wilkeson, Fairfax
and other coal mining towns in the east
ern end cf Pierce County for the last two
wepks. Not lers than fourteen hold-ups
ere credited to their account. On Tues
day they held up four men just out of
Fairfax nnd s«-nt their victims back Jo
Fairfax with instructions to keep quiet.
Deputy Sheriff McCuilough, who had
just arrived at Fairfax, was notified and
rtaitcj out on the trail. Assisted by
I>fputy Sheriff Webb of VfUkemon, h<- Io
catfd the ycur.fr bandits in a lodtring
hause at Carbonado. When arrested they,
pleaded innocence and no booty was found
upon thei\ Later a largo amount of
cash, watche* and revolvers was recov
ered. The robbers then broke down jind
cirfersc-d. Th.-. bandits are Jack ilcDcn
r.Id and Mike Rofs.
YOUNG OUTLAWS TELL
•OF NUMEROUS BOBBERIES
Carbonado Criminals Are Caught
After a Lcng Scries of
Crimes.
OAKLAND. Oct. 22.-Pollce Judge Mor
timer Smith officiated this evening at the
marriage of Jamps H. Robinson and
Emma E. Dotson, both of San Francisco,
the civil ceremony being conducted at
apartments in the Hotel Metropole. The
couple returned to San Francisco Imme
diately after the ceremony. They were
accompanied by May Robinson and Mar
tha Rundel, both of Los Angeles, who
acted as the statutory witnesses. The
groom gave his age as 52 and his address
as rooms 443 and 445 Parrott building, San
Francisco. The biide's'age was placed at
3S in the marriage license. The affair was
very quiet. The room at the hotel had
been engaged for the ceremony only and
there was no delay in the party's depar
ture after the ceremony was concluded.
San Francisco Couple Have Their
Haptials Celebrated at the Hotel
Hetropole.
HOLD QUIET WEDDING
AND QUICKLY DEPART
"When Judge Stoddard asked the witness
If Bennett had ever made any Investment
for him, Bryan replied that he had made
Investments of the Commoner fund, buy
ing Government bonds with the proceed
of the subscriptions which came in ad
vance. He also said that Bennett had
never made an lnvesMnent for Mrs.
Bryan.
Lawyer Newton then asked Bryan:
"Was it ever suggested by yourself or.
Mrs. Bryan that he give you the J50.CC0?"
"No, sir, we never suggested It. It
came as a surprise to U3 when Bennett
made the suggestion himself."
James D. Dewell, a wholesale grocer,
stated that for many years he had
known Bennett. Bennett, he said, ap
peared to be ln good mental condition at
the -time he last saw him. which was
shortly before his death.
Bryan then made a statement which
somewhat modified his answer that no
money had been Invested for Mrs. Bryan
by Bennett. He said that when he re
ceived the royalties on his book, "Tho
First Battle," he gave Mrs. Bryan, who
wrote the biographical sketch, a sum
amounting to $4000. This was invested for
her, he said, but he could not recall
whether It was by Bennett or by a Chi
cago firm.
The case was adjourned until Monday
evening.
The witness was next asked why he had
received 1300 from Bennett at the lime
the will was drawn and he stated that
while there was nothing said about It. ha
supposed It to be for drawing up the doc
ument.
NEW HAVEN, Conn.. Oct. 22.— William
J. Bryan again occupied the witness
stand in the Probate Court to-day when
the hearing on the application for probat
ing the will of the late Phillip S. Ben
nett was resumed. In the cross-examina
tion of Bryan. Judge Stoadard. counsel
for Mrs. Bennett, the widow, spent con
siderable time in questioning Bryan why
it was that in the letter which was lelt
for Mrs. Bennett by her husband direct
ing her to give Bryan VjO.000 for himself
and family it was not stated that a cer
tain part of the fund was to be given to
Mrs. Bryan and part to the children.
Bryan replied that he did not know, but
that It was so understood between him-,
self and Bennett and that after Bennett's
death he told Mrs. Bennett about the ar
rangement.
Superintendent J. P. Potter of the Oak
land Transit Consolidated has been ap
pointed superintendent of the new sys
tem, and his assistant will be Clark
Yerrick, formerly a Southern Pacific
Company yardmaster. The following
employes of the Oakland 'Transit Con
solidated have been transferred to the
new railroad: Motormen — George C. Bal
lentine, A. A. Brouder; conductors — W. N.
Klmmell, J. C. Campbell; collectors — J.
Fitzsimmons, Charles D. Peters, M. O.
Mitchell. K. A. Morrison, W. H. Woone,
J. Campbell, H. C. McAtee, E. H. Male
ton and J. W. Sutton.
Official announcement has been macit
that the San Francisco, Oakland and San
Jofee Railroad will begin its ferry service
over the new pier Monday morning. The
first connecting train will leave Berkeley
i at 5:29 o'clock a. m., and the first bo.\ t
will be due to arrive at the San Francisco
slip ar 6 o'clock a. m.
While trying to make a landing at slip
3 yesterday afternoon, ¦ the ferry boat
Yerba Buena of the new line smashed
Into the slip and damaged the apron. The
beat escaped without Injury, but the
apron will have to be repaired. It was
rumored that the accident would delay
the starting of the new line, but it la
announced that repairs to the ¦ slip will
be completed in time for the use of the
boats by Monday.
Temporarily, hourly trlpa are to be
made from Berkeley only on this side,
stops • being made at j* Ashby avenue,
Dwighc way, Lorin and San Pablo ave
nue. The service will be maintained with
beats leaving San Francisco on the even
hour and the pier on the half hour until
November 1. At that time the company
expects to begin a half-hourly service,
and soon afterward to extend the train
connections Into Oakland.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
:X-* 1118 Broadway, Oct. 22.
The oondrctcr took Avery into custody
r.nd when the train reached Albany turn
ed him nwr to/the railroad police. Mean
while Carpenter, badly cut about the
h»£<1 ar.d bruised, came on to Albany on
h 5at<»r train and surrrndered himself.
The railroad men and friends of Car
ppBtcr and Avery. the trainmen accused
ft &H>ftultir.g the messenger, insist that
the ? flair was only a fight between Mes
prngrer Wallace and Avery. in which Car
penter joined as ppaofmaker and received
rough handling. They emphatically deny
she story of Intended robberv.
.nsrault, made no further attempt upon
Wallace, but went back and forth aim
lessly b«»twr«»ri the Emok^r and baggage
rsr. while Wallace was recovering-
Avery, who is said to have made the
ALBANY, ST. T.. Cct. K.-Arthur Car-
Fer.ter and Frederick Avery cf this city.
N>w York Central trainmen, are under
arreft here, charged with assault and the
pttempted robbery of Express Mespenger
Thomas Wallace in his car while the
train was rearing Schenectady to-day.
Wallace, although badly boaten, success
fully rcFiFt'-d. Carpenter jumped from
the train and was badly hurt. Avery was
brought to Albany.
Two f tories of the assault are told. The
car irs which Wallace was en duty is a
'"ombination kappase and express car.
Wallace alleges that he was stooping
over, putting pomething ln the safe, when
he was struck several tlmrs on the head.
He foil to thp floor stunned, but recog
nized lMs assailants. He railed Avery by
reir.e, wherpunon Carpenter flung open
the <1oor and loaned from the rajiidly mov
ing train^ roilir.g over and over on the
roadfc'f'd.
After a separation of more than twenty
years a brother and a sister were re
united last night after a lo:is search.
They are Mrs. E. G. Hearet of 2219 Carl
ton street and Albert Ware of Nevada.
Their mother died when they were chil
dren in Sacramento. The sister was
adopted by a family named Parker and
the brother was taken away by his
father. In moving about they lost sight
of each othor and grew up in ignorance
of each other's whereabouts.
The brother recently started a -search
for his sister, and after going up and
down the State and following many clews
linally located her in Berkeley. Mrs.
Hearst is the wife cf a contracting elec
trician.
Eerkeley Office San Francisco Call,
21«<S Center Street. Oct_22.
Friends of Accused Insist
That Affiir Was Only
OAKLAND. Oct. 22.— The Athletic
Association of St. Mary's College
has elected its officers for the
season of 1903-04 and the young
students o'f this -institution are
preparing to battle for their college upon
athletic fields. " -, '.; '•
Denies Having Suggested tha
Fifty Thousand Dollar
Legacy.
Superintendent Potter of the
Oakland Transit Will Be
in Charge."
Separated Twscty Years Ago,
They Again Coma
• Together.
Says Bennett May Have
Invested Money for
: J Wife.
Brother and Sister Have
• Happy Meeting in
Berkeley.
Express Messenger Says
They Tried to Rob'
Him in His Car.
Initial Schedule Calls for
Hourly Service Prom
Berkeley.
WILL OPEN NEW
FERRY MONDAY
BRYAN MODIFIES
HIS STATEMENT
TRAINMEN FACE
SERIOUS CHARGE
REUNITED AFTER
A LONG SEARGH
THE SAN *BA» CISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 23, 1903.
St. Mary's College Lovers. of Track Sports and of Base, Foot,
Basket and Hand Ball, Prepare of Games
to Be, Played. With Contestants From; Other Schools
YOUNG STUDENTS PREPARE TO BATTLE
FOR VICTORY ON ATHLETIC FIELDS
who has made athletics one of his works
in connection with the development of the
youth. The new officers for the coming
year are: President. William J. Fitzger
ald; vice president, Walter . B. Hinkle;
secretary, John J. Rooney: treasurer, G.
W. Poultney; field captain, George J.
Haley. :; ."
4
ADVERTISEMENTS. ...
kaSf of her life. Becoming
a mother should be" a source of joy to all, but the suffering and
danger incident to, the ordeal makes its anticipation one of misery.
Mother's Friend is the only remedy which relieves women of the great
pain and dange/ of maternity ; this hour which is dreaded as woman's
severest trial is not only made painless, but all the danger is avoided
by its use. Those who use this remedy are no longer despondent or
gloomy; nervousness, nausea and other distressing conditions' are
overcome, the system is made rendy for the coming event, and tho
serious accidents so common to the critical
hour are obviated by the use of Mother's flfi 4Vl$l$fe jntav$ir>
Friend. "It is worth its weight in gold," j^|ll|i| i %>
says many who have used it. $1.00 per IwH vBiavo H>'
bottle at drug stores. Book containing mHj
valuable information of interest to all women, will PT* btv 3 4\B?| jM
be sent to any address free upon application to h"* § HH^lgHK
BRAttFiELD REGULATOR OO~ AtbmUu Qa> i fi iVilHi
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Eczema
Salt Rheum, Rineworm, Itch,
Acne or other skin troubles,
promptly relieved and cured by
This scientific £ermicide, which
is harmless, cures by killing
disease germs. Used and
endorsed by the medical
profession everywhere. Sold
by leading druggists. If not
at yours, send 25 cents for a
trial bottle. The genuine bears
my signature. Accept no
substitutes. Address
«f <Umwi.
fP FAVORITE
FOR WEAK WOMEN.
RPFTCUI7C KOR BARBERS. BA-
hr*wer«. botkblnderr. candy-maker*, canner*.
4y*n. flaur mill*, foundrlrx. teundrlev. paper-
feanrtr*. printers, painters, zhoe lactorie*
•ta.bletnen. -tar-roofers, tanner*, tailors, «te,
BITCKAXAV BKO3.,
Erg-* Kumf actoxexi. 609 Cacraacato St.¦ STOCKTON. Oct. 22.— G. Oranges, con- !
victed of assault to murder .Albert -
Munch;- owing to a disagreement ove'r a
horse trade, was this afternoon sentenced
to two and a half, years in.San-Quentin.
'Dranges awoke Munch while the ; latter
wa« asleep in hi? wagon and- shot. him.
Previous, good cb»»-»' s te'- «»aved , him . , a
heavy sentenca. . . . • , i
Prison Will Hold Oranges.
1 WASHINGTON, Oct..- 22,— Bodies of 163
soldiers who lost heir lives in "the Philip
pines .are > being, brought. 'home by [the
transporV Sumner over the Mediterranean
route and probably/ will arrive at \ New
York'anout the 5 middle of November. All
of i these bodies,' claimed by,; relatives on
frlends^will'be sent to the late homes for
interment- and "all those .unclaimed- will
be brought ;.to : this ' city :, for j burial in . Ar
lington Cemetery. -The list of dead on
the Sumner includes, the. names of Colonel
R. N.i Eskridge, retired: First Lieutenant
Robert 'A:', ' Caldweil,' ' Philippine ( Scouts;
Acting- Assistant J Surgeon"; Charles Su
Johtf, , Captain, 'F.'.M>Keep.. assistant'sur
geon. and ; Captain ; L^ M. • Clarke, < PnJllpf
plne'constabularyi * • - ¦ ...;-.-.;.
BODIES OF DEAD SOLDIERS /
COMING BACK- ON i TRANSPORT
WASHINGTON, Oct. 22.— The President
has pardoned Joel D. Tyler, formerly tel
ler, of the, Safety Fund National Bank of
Fitchburg, Mass., who has served two
and a .half i years of . a. five-year sentence
for temporarily, appropriating, several
thousand :. dollars' to his ; own use. Tyler
pleaded guilty and, made the money good.
The' District ' : Attorney and sentencing
Judge a year ago ' recommended a pardon
on the ground that the prisoner had been
sufficiently .¦ punished."
President . Pardons Thieving; Banker.
CHEHAL.1S. Wash., Oct. 22.— A man
giving the name of Harry Powers was
brought to Chehalis this morning from
the North Fork of the • Newaukiim River
in an almost- dying condition. Powers
had .been lost In the. woods since October
2. 'luring which time he had no food ex
cept huckleberries, snails and a lizard. He
had started through the timber and could
not find his way out.
Dying Man Found in "Wood.
It is understood that the owners are
willing to sell for $3,000,000. but the precise
figure cannot be ascertained here. The
road has a bonded debt of about $40,000 a
mite and Is eighty miles long. One-sixth
of the bonds, and the capital stock* is
owned by'A. ,B. Hammond and five-sixths
by General Thomas N. Hubbard and'H
E. Huntington. '>.—'•
PORTLAND, Or., Oct. 22.-Accordlng to
private advices from New York negotia
tions are in progress for the sale of the
Astoria and Columbia River Railroad to
E. H. Harrlman.
Three Million Dollars May Be Paid
for Astoria and Columbia
Line.
HABBIMAN TO PURCHASE
RAILROAD IN OREGON
SANTA ROSA, Oct. 22.— Damages in the
sum of $1 were awarded this morninsr by
a jury in the action of the Italian Swiss
Colony against Joseph Purrlngton et al.
The colony brought, suit to recover the
difference In a price at which they had
contracted for, the crop of grapes and
the price at which the defendants sold
them. Purrington refused to deliver the
grapes to the plaintiff, alleging there was
a verbal agreement, by which he was to
have the benefit of any rise in the market
price of grapes in 1902. The price did
raise, and when the plaintiff refused to
give the advance over the contract price
with "PiirrinKtbri, $24. per ton, the latter
disposed of. his crop elsewhere. He sold
a portion of the crop for $28 50 and the
remainder for $30, making a difference of
$444. ; The, plaintiff sought to recover this
sum, but % was only awarded a dollar. A
Jury was selected to try 'the case from a
special drawn venire. ,'
One Dollar the Jury's Verdict.
BAN BERNARDINO. Oct. 22.— Thomas
Reynolds, a foreman of the Silver Crown
mines at* Berryman." in • this county," is
supposed <to have been' drowned in the
Colorado River while demented. Last
Sunday he ! wandered away from camp
after dark. '. As soon as his absence was
noted several of the employes went.' in
search of him* as he,. had been acting
queerly. The search continued all night,
but the trail. wasnot found until the next
day. ¦'-'¦-¦ ¦ - ¦;-¦¦- •' ¦
Reynolds was traced .to ; the Colorado
River where he-had evidently taken a
drink.' Then going ' some -thirty yards
down th* bank of the stream he had sat
down ' and after taking " off his ' shoes | he
waded into the - river : at 'a point noted
for. its whirlpool and treacherous bottom.
No trace of hinv has since ,been- found and
it Is believed that he perished.
Foreman of a Mine Believed to Have
Been Drowned in the ¦ v
Colorado. , . .
DEMENTED MAN -WADES '
INTO A B-IVEB, . WHIBLPOOL
RICHMOND. Ky., Oct.\ 22. —Whitehall,
the home o/.the late General Casslus M.
Clay, was sold at, public auction to-day
to Warfleld Bennett,' a grandson of the
"Sage of Whitehall." The estate proper,
containing 350 acres, was sold for 529,225.
That part of the estate which is separ
ated from Whitehall and known, as the
Ann Clay Crenshaw property, containing
270 acres, was sold for $20,575. The Belle
vue portion of the estate, containing 325
acres, will be sold to-morrow.'"
' The five wills left by General Clay,
mostly in favor of his former child wife,
Dora Clay Brock, are still being con
tested. On the last will, on which the
principal contest is being centered. Gen
eral Clay provided that Whitehall should
become the' property of the United Statea
Government and that . on its site- a na
tional park should be founded. ..
Grandson of the "Sage of Whitehall"
\ Bids in « the Entire -
¦ Estate.
LATE GENERAX CLAY'S •
HOME SOLD 'AT AUCTION
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 22.— Unusual hon
ors were- accorded Liang Chi Chao, the
Chinese reformer, who was a guest here
to-dff.' and' to-night. The distinguished
fugitive and his suite were met at the
depot by the prominent local Chinese, who
turned out in flowing silken robes, and
the civic and military dignitaries of the
city joined in the welcome. The Mayor
and committees from the Chamber of
Commerce, General Prescott and Major
Lovett of the National Guard and Homer
Lea, who holds a commission as general
In the Chinese army, participated and a
detail of the signal corps acted as escort.
A -crowd that was almost riotous iif Its
efforts to see and hear all that transpired
followed the spectacular procession to the
Chinese quarter, where speeches were
made. The guest was dined at the Ange
lus in the -afternoon, and to-night he
spent in Chinatown, where a throng
heard him speak in his native tongue in
the interest of the 'cause he represents.
He will remain in Los Angeles ten days.
Liang Chi Chao Is Given Enthu
siastic Welcome in the
South.
MAYOR ; OF LOS - ANGELES ,'4
¦ GREETS ; CHINESE REFORMER
The borough of Fulham, London, by the
use of its garbage In the furnace of the
municipal electric lighting plant makes' a
profit of $3442 a year. x . . ...
the victorious freshman eleven and played
a plucky game at right half. Butterfleld.
the sergeant at arms, also played on the
'07 team his position being right tackle.
ballot-box and the 1907 youngsters were
unable to tell on whom their choice had
fallen. .The officers elected yesterday
were: President, J. F. Brennan of Santa
Barbara; vice , president. C. L.. Geer of
Campbell; secretary, MIbs I. L. Johnson
of Santa CHara: sergeant at arms, H. P.
Butterfield of Cupertino. ¦ . - •
President Brennan was a member of
Jn Germany <S3 piano factories make
RMWO ir.s'trurnents annually. Half of them,
or about $6,000,000 worth, «re sold abroad,
principally in .England. *-- •
HELENA. Mont.. Oct. 22— Mrs. Hannah
Hall, mother-in-law of Albert W. Falke.
v.ho died suddenly in Great Falls, Mont.,
last March, was arrested" here last even
ing on a warrant sworn out by Falke's
father charging her with having caused
her son-in-law's death by means of poi-
Fon. Fa'ke's wife ¦was arrested recently
'.n Labflie. Mo., on a similar charge. Mrs.
Hal! declares sh<^ is innocent.
Accused of Poisoning Son-in-Law.
EUREKA. Oct. , 22.— J. C. Bull f~ Jr., "a
leading citizen . of -thjs '{'county,' 5 was' mar
ried this morning Jo* Mrs., Je?sle Lewitt.
The ceremony was performed at: 'Christ
Episcopal Church'iby the' Rev. Mr.- Shqrt-
Hff. The b'ri^e. and! groom left on the Po
mona after, the . ceremony. ¦ The -honey
moon will be spent\in San; Francisco and
vicinity. " -,¦¦.- :... A ¦•-. ¦ ; •; ¦ .-' , - ' •
: The grcom Js a, capitalist apd leading
politician of this county.' He is 'president
of the Humboldt r Transit Company andof
the H. £>. Bendixsen'. Shipbuilding Com
pany and vice >' president of the Bayslde
Lumber Companyand the Redwood Land
and Investment Company. He has always
taken a keen Interest In politics and is the
chairman of the - Republican county .cen
tral committee, a • position .to -which" he
has been thrice elected.' -The bride Is the
widow of Dr. Fred Lewitt, a-prominent
young surgeon; brother-- of »Dr.; W," B.
Lewitt of San Francisco, who died, here
several years ago. . ' ¦¦¦"
HTJMBOLDT f CAPITALIST ,
IS CAUGHT . BY CUPID
Marriage of J. C.-Buirjj"y:and Mrs.
Jessie Lewitt.: Occurs in
Eureka. '..": « ' ,' V ; ,
Steamer Nome City Bears News of
' the Condition of the Disabled
Craft.
SEATTLE, Wash., Oct. 22.— The steam-
Fhip Nome City, with ST5 passengers
and about $lC>/»} in gold dust, arrived
fr«-m Norr.e th!? morning. Captain Z. S.
' Moore of the Nome City went to the aid
nf the steamship Meteor, which was in
ciftreps seventy-six miles from Nome,
rear St. Lawrence Island. The Nome
City came alongside the Meteor on the
morning of October 11. At that time the
Kiireka, a Fister ship, was also with the
Meteor, but *he big freighter was un
manapoable. Captain Moore stayed by
the vessel for s'x hours and then decided
to proceed on his way south.
The accident to the Meteor was caused
in The first place by the breaking of her
rudder post. Prior to her injury she had
lost her rudder and the carpenter had
'..xed up a jury rudder. The strain on the
rudder post was too great and it broke,
rtrikirs the wheel and smashing It off
and taking a portion of the tailshaft. The
v*«sr-l was then at the mercy of the seas
«n<l was brought to anchor.
BIG FREIGHTER METEOR
HELPLESS IN THE SEA
PORTLAND. Or.. Oct. 22-Members of
\h<> Commercial Club of Portland who
bav« r.rpoased their appetites for the dell
< «ri' i of the club's larder anJ drunk their
f,U ot line wines on their "I O U's"
w Mdi have never beeiv redeemed arc in
trouble.
i'he club management having exhausted
'.'.f patience In trying to grt some of tfie
<:>linquent members to pay up. has de
cided to bring suit to collect the amount*
,«*!?» These claims, averaging about $20
<ach. have bepn assigned to an attorney.
"This Js the first time !n the history of
clubdom in Portland." remarked Presi
dent H. M. Cake to-day, "that action of
this kind has ever been taken, and I
hope ?t will be the last. Our delinquent
members are. I am pleased to say, only a
l>w In number. They are for the irost
j art good fellows, but have simply al
lowed these bills to accumulate. We have
e large batch of these bills on hand and
Fomething has to be done to get them off
our books."
al Piyjwtch to Th# Call
Cronje's companions returned ¦ to their
native land, but he wandered about seek
ing to find a reeinn as rich in gold 'as
his own South Africa. He parted with
Pierce ten days ago and was probably
taken ill as a result of drinking- alkali
water. He realized that he could not live
and Dlaced his Bible in his coat, resting
his hrad on it. In this position he was
found.
SAN BERNARDINO, Oct. 22.— Hans
Cronje, said to be distantly related to
the famous Boer leafier, has been found
dead at Moapa station^ near Ivanpah.
George Pierce, a miner, who I had been
with Cronje nearly a month, stated that
the man told, him that he had come. from
South Africa some months ago with a
number of young Boers, intending to se
cure an asylum in this country for his
people, but after they h'ad" been here a
short time thev received word that the
Boers intended to remain in South Africa.
Boer Searches for Gold and Loses His
Life in Southern Cali
fornia.
RELATIVE OFCRONJE
DIES ON THE DESERT
It Is shameful that persons in the pay
of the Government should be allowed to
circulate foul libels on citizens, but after
on experience of thirty-one years in this
business I think my reputation will with
stand any such attacks. F. A. HYDE.
Under the present policy of the Land
Office, special agents are swarming all
over the United State; at enormous ex
pense to the Government, and they may
send as many of them out here as they
please to work on my land business the
rest of their natural lives. I know the
law, and know what I can and what I
cannot do legally. I am used to the
methods of these special - agents, and I
pay but little attention to them. If they
wish to intimidate me, I would suggest
that they take up some case that is not
as aged as the one they have in hand,
and especially something in which the
United States Is a party, for these special
agents- have no more business investi
gating the methods by which the States
sell their school lands than they have to
investigate the validity of transfers of
titles to city lots. . .
What they want In to create sensations.
End being unable In my case to do so in
a legitimate way, they leave a parting
shot, as they are returning from an un
successful trip. . .• . •¦*¦ •
Fourth — It Is alleged that these pur
chases of lands in Oregon were made in
anticipation of their being included in
forest reserves, and that a combination
was formed between the San Francisco
rirg and certain State and Federal of
ficials to fix the boundaries of such re
serves and secure their adoption by the
Interior Department.
Answer — The facts are that the Cascade
Range Forest Reserve was created in
1&S3. the forest lieu land law was passed
In 1837, and my purchases of land there
occurred in 1S98, over five years ago.
Since then I have done no business there
of any kind. All of the large reserva-i
tions on this coast were' crtated prior to j
3837. and why, therefore, would any one '
corruotly conspire to do an act which i
could" be of no benefit? There is not a !
particle of evidence before any special :
agent of the department of any combina
tion to create forest reserves, or to fix
their boundaries, and the suggestion is
an absurdity.
My business In Oregon was perfectly
legitimate. I would do it again it I had
the. chance; and I wish I had the chance,
for I would go in on a bigger scale.
"who attended to the business of se- .
curing title," "what did you get for the i
land." etc. If the answers were not sat- I
Isfactory. they were classed as "dum- j
znict."
I conceive -that a -man has the right to
sell what he own?,' and If he had no pre
vious contract, but was perfectly free to
sell to any one, he Is not a "dummy."
It seems that several of the "dummies"
were called before the special agents and
could remember only that they had sold
their lands. In this connection, I might j
mention that the word "dummy" has a <
variety of definitions. In the timber land j
entry cases at Eureka, recently noticed j
in the papers, the Government seemed to j
consider the man who admitted that he i
might sell his place after he had paid
therefor to be a "dummy," and Messrs.
Pugh and Burns have conceived the idea ;
that the same rule applies to State lands, j
for they have been Interviewing purchas- !
trs. asking "who told about the land, * j
Answer— I have studied the careers of I
Sherlock Holmes and other world re- |
nowned detectives, and have yet to learn j
that preliminary to taking steps against
a criminal it is customary to publish j
his misdeeds broadcast by means of the
daily press. Messrs. Pugh and Burns
have been on the coast for several^
months. Up to the time they went to
Portland, ten days since, I know that
they haa not discovered any fraud in my
land business, and I know equally weil
that they did not discover any while
there.
Third — The special agents are said to
have discovered that one J. H. Schneider'
secured title to vast 'tracts of land j
through dummies, who deeded their lands
to somebody, anu that somebody or his
grantee conveyed to Schneider.
Answer— I find by my recoras that the
total amount of land in Oregon deeded to '
Schneider was a little over live thousand ¦
acres; certainly not a vast domain, but. j
whether large or small, he had a right i
to purchase the land, either for himself
or others. !
siecond— it is alleged that two special
agents from the -Interior Department
have been in Portland, Or., and nave un
earthed land frauds of great magnitude,
and that the head of the ring Is In San
t rancisco.
Jt is alleged as follows:
First — "ihat the Government has been
defrauded out of millions of acres of land
b> speculators who purcnased lands
within forest reserves at low prices and
eold them at large profits.
Answer— If this be a rraud, then I must
plead guilty, for it is Just wnat I have
Uen doing' since the passage .of . the act
of Congress of June 4, ISHi, wnich pro
vided tnat the owners of patented lands
in forest reserves might surrender the
same to the Government and select an
equal area of land 'elsewhere -. In lieu
thereof, 'ihe papers trequently speak ot
this "lieu land fraud," but. while the
wisdom of the act might be questionable,
It is still the law, ana 1 for one will try
and get all the benefit I can therefrom
while it lasts. ¦>
In this morning's papers, I find, "tele
graphic ieports trom Oregon connecting
my name with alleged land frauds in
Oregon which I cannot allow to pass
witnout notice.
Editor: We read periodically in the
daily papers of •'gigantic land fraud*"
which attract attention for the day and
then are forgotten. Those who wilte and
l.port such articles, not being trained
land lawyer*, are not able to distinguish
between speculation and fraud in dealing
in public land, for one does not in all
rases imply the other.
The burglar made.no reply. The.fright
ened woman ran into. the parlor, scream
ing for her son Frank. The latter, how
ever, failed' to and 3*frs. " McCor
mick had to awaken him. » She fastened
the doors so the housebreaker could hot
go upstairs. \F\)r. several minutes she
heard him .walking from room to- room
and then he departed. Mrs. McCormick
s>at on her bed, keeping vigil until, day
light. When she ventured downstairs she
found things turned .' topsy turvy. The
drawers of the sideboard were pulled' out
and their contents" emptied on the floor.-
STOCKTON*, Oct. 22.'— Early " yesterday
morning a burglar entered the home of
Mrs. Daniel McCormlck and, despite her
screams, proceeded to ransack the house.
Mrs. McCormlck ran upstairs and locked
the doors and the burglar remained In full
possession of the lower part of the house
for some time. .#
About 1 o'clock Mrs. McCormick heard
a noise downstairs. Thinking that a
screen had fallen, she lighted a lamp to
Investigate. As she entered the dining
room she saw a man coming' through the
kitchen window. Daniel McCormlck, her
husband, became insane only a short time
ago, and her first thought was that he
had escaped from the asylum. ¦.¦ . '-.'_¦ ¦ V
"Dan, is that you?'! exclaimed Mrs. Mc-
Cormick. ,.'- ¦.'•¦¦:¦¦-.¦• ' ¦¦ '" '! <" •¦'•-•' :
Special Ditpetrh to The Call.
Says That the Charges Are
False and Stale.
Radical Action Causes a Stir
in the Oregon Metrop
olis.
Frightened Stockton Resident
Keeps Vigil Until .
Daybreak/. - :
Makes Search; * of the
Rooms Regardless of!
Woman's Screams.
P. A. Hyde Answers Sen
sational Dispatches
From Portland, .
Oregon.
Portlacd Organization
Proposes to Sue De
linquents.
ALLEGED
LAND FRAUDS
COOL BURGLAR
LOOTS A HOUSE
CLUB MEMBERS
MUST PAY BILLS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FKIDAY, < OCTOBER 23. 3903;
STANFORD^ UNIVERSITY, Oct. 22.-
The \ I reshman 'class held ; Its second.elec
tion 'yesterday ¦ afternoon . and , succeeded
In ! jcettln's ; a ' full' quota of ¦ officers "for. the
ensuing: ¦ semester- At the. last election,
held last ; week, a ! sophomore purloined the
Freshmen Have Quiet Election.
5
AD VEBTISEMJENTS.
nn not
UU I1U I
MISS THIS
CHANGE
to buy the BEST SHOES
in this city at the. LOW -^
EST PRICE. ' :
The creditors must turn ,
this stock into cash quick-
ly. That" is the reason.:|
why we are selling 1 this
fine stock at greatly re- '
duced pric»s. v
STORE OPENS AT 9 O'CLOCK-
H.L IpasCH; Receiver. '
POLITICAL CABDS.
For
Mayor
HENRY J. CROCKER
Republican
Nominee
For Tax Collector
Edward J.
SMITH
ONCUMBENT.)
Regular Republican Nominee
|Fcr Public Administrator |
William E. Lutz
fRepubllcan Nomirieel
_; .
For Assessor :
WASHINGTONDODGE
. Djicratic Homee.
For Sheriff
Peter j. Curtis
Ck*lrm*n Etrwt Committee of Prcrnt • Boaro
of Sup^r*-i8or».
Democratic Nominee
Union Labor Party Nominee.
The Weird Elephant Spirit
'V.i* V : ¦ • . 1 ¦:.' - ' .' •¦¦.-..
HUNDRED yards distant rusty masses of ironstone preceded
f I an undulation in the flat country, and toward the base of one
I "tall block Lord Winstone descried an object which made him
. X rub his eyes with frank amazement, v'j > ! -.; *¦¦* - - <'
"Near the foot of the rock, his back against it, and shadowed/entirely-,
from the sun's light by a natural grotto in the stone. 'sat 'an ,e*iprmous T
man- or ape. Its stature ; was colossal, though smaller bv far than
the natives of Maoora had described; its naked body was bright srreen;
its -hands were folded over its breast; its misshaped head was bent for-
ward, and wild, snaky hair, also of vivid green, fell luxuriantly around it.
while pressed upon its crown was a wreath of flowers."
> "In the midst of this strange kingdom, silent, motionless and alone."
with uncouth face and distorted limbs, reigned this huKejrreen monster
in mortal shape. .
"Lord Winstone trot out his field glasses, without which, he . never
; hunted, and trained them on the grotto. He stared awhile, and then his
breath left his lungs in a gasp of surprise, as he returned the glasses to
their case and pushed forward.".. u •"«';;¦
Without doubt the reader will gasp with equal amazement and no less
curiosity that such strange things can exist even in the Africa of to-dav.
but Eden Philpotts knows absolutely whereof .he speaks when. he. made,
the great Elephant Spirit of the Dark Continent one of the big feature*
of his new novel. "The Golden Fetich," now running in the;Sunday.Calh w
the second installment of which will be, published next Sundav. It gives
you Africa as it really is now and as it has not been 'shown since the
wonderful explorations of the great Stanley. ,- .. -,
; But unbelievable as the foregoing extract may seem, ¦stranger things
are being found right here at home. Look, in. the next Sunday Call for
"Fitch's Mjne of Mystery." It tells of the discovery under "the very
feet of civilization in California, only a few . months ' ago, 'of a, mine of
fire that has utterly baffled the best scientists in the' world. Chunks *of
this wonderful mineral that has a flame which cannot be "destroyed" have
been taken from Fitch's mine, ground into -.powder., assayed 'by. eyerv
known process, tested by every possible standard. -and still it .remains a
mystery— and stiir it glows on .with undimmished brightness. It cannot
be destroyed and it cannot be extinguished. -.Wonderful as is the. new lv
discovered radium* of which there is less than one pound in the whole
world and which costs a fabulous sum for a single ounce. Fitch's new.
mineral is even more astounding and by far more puzzling. -And to
think that the earth in California. is just full of it. but— read. next* Sun- :
day's Call. . '. ' . . ' ,.. ,' -. . . •
itj.. There you will find other absorbing things. "A 'Daughter of the'
Aurora," by Jack London;- the big two-page railroad storv bv Frank
H. Spearman. "The Dispatcher's Story"; '.a full page of "Half-Houf
Storiettes"; "The Unsolved Mystery of the 'Tinian Monoliths.* bv* Cao-
tain'H. F. Tower, which is something that Uncle Sam. has recently ac-
quired along. with a-whole^sea of queer islands: "Emigration the Negro's-
Only Salvation," by Bishop :H.M. Turner; a full page of "Gems from the
: Photographer's Exhibit." to be held next week at -the Mechanics' Paul-
, ion. |; (You'll watch for those pictures.) "The Picture Coat." which is
something so new that no woman who cares a pin how she looks ("and
what woman doesn't?) will even dream of missinpr the- next Sundav Call. "
THE EMPORIUM. , V. [{ THE : EMPORIUM. | ¦ . THE EMPORIUM. | .THE EMPORIUM.
5OC ArtotViSeS 37 G The ideal Rainy-day Shopping Place. Every- Sale Men's Hats
; • "f -• - ; ... . thing to eat, drink, wear or use tender one roof. Friday and Saturday only, men's extra value
Friday only, „ 22x28, standard artotypes, *^ y J*BP fjf . . .Iv-vv'^ $3.00 Biack D«by. Hats, and re\v Fall sty'cs
copiesof the works of celebrated artists, of n,v edge F,d O «s b black 'brown g^ *>&
.. , . . ,. , . W JMrf & £/£>&Sf Jfy/I^Y' M t M $4f and pearl; on ipecul iale each . .. yfciJJ
a hundred popular, subjects, .regularly £^4Ll>^r^yC?^2^^^iSl-^ John B - Stet5On Co — L>sht wd * ht » flelb?e De bv H «>
50c each, will be offered at *%W- California's largest- "'•"¦'¦' ! '". B^ sdiby mcrtttorwat i?.3o ? here for . . . S4.OO
<;npri^1 «ilpfnr & 3 C _^_ Ma *.m^M«mgff a '— *^~ =• "Ktnjsbury" Hats-Goarant-ed a year . . . S3.OU
special . s>die ior •:•;.• • ¦• ;":~: -:^ • -^*l0jiS&B sm * 1 america-s grandest stor& -The Wexford"— B;sr rr.adr for $2.OO
* • ' : Sale': Imported Coats and Model Gowns, at me-thiri to one- half off.
Sale entire stock French Lingeiie,at.one-thrdoff, .. .
Sale Indian Baskets and Curios, at "t ne-half off, ends Saturday.
.. ¦ Annual s"ales ''medium and Jine grades Fin I'niture and Carpets continue.
Unprecedented Below-Vaiue &at&s Women's Neckwear
: - "'V Neckwear Worth up to 75c eckwear Wo :*th up to $ 1 .75
Ori'Sale to-day for 23c. On Sale to r day for 48c.
Lawn, Tab. embroiciered, Hemstitched, Sale End Stocks; lace 'collar and cuff se-s; jabots; fancy tab end collars,
? back, white, and black and white stocks with ornament, etc, etc., ., , „ .. [rVL^utl •? K t
¦^made of fine quality; Oxford cloth -hundreds of different styles to | etc., etc. ' Verymbby styles-a collection of novelties suitable
choose from, neckwear worth 50c, .65c, 75c, to-day for street anJ ever in 2 weir ' worth each ' 1 ' 00 ' dH&gr*
\ only. .;.-.- J.W ;-•¦•••;'. . ...••. • • • •• • .....*****? | $1.75, to-day only, each • ,.^r€#€r
ExtF&OB*dfm&$»y Sal® Men's and Boys 0 Shirts
] Men's 75c^ Boys' Excellent 75c Shirts
$£:§fc^^ . Friday and Saturday 45c.
Men's stiff bosom' and . j^olf Shirts of /.woven • ¦ : • Hundreds of boys' fancy laundered Shirts, new
' imadras^ corded pe^ : : : ; ' natty effects in fine quality percale, in a full
¦ popular shirtings, in^stripes;^^srnall figures,; etc : | \ - 1 \ \ ' range of sizes from 12 to 14. These shirts are
regular 75c ,;-^^ •!;¦: :r t >.¦ made right and look right, and instead of 75c
, and $1.00 values; on special sale/^ffllS^fj ; WlL> each, we are going to sell them dZJZg*
'Friday and Saturday pnly^.^. ... ..^ : >^— Friday and Saturday at ...... .... %J '*"..
Trimmed Hats , a special safe of Overcoat Sale
' M*WA •& IZ nn *iik urop Shirts .^ g£*4 Sff%
0i^M^j.^%PmU%J. About 125 choice black Taffeta Drop f%-\ 3&BB B&%M
Jet and "Chiffon Skirts, . cut full and long, good t.. . '
demi-train neatly nouncld "and X^
WMf^^^^f uu .• j ready for immediate aaiustmcnt to any skirt, a J . \ . • ... * Ovford anv«
listrt ' " \\;lfn fine onn j^r i ijr UlaCK Ol WXIuru 2r«yS t
- lliill ¦ -•-> - v "•' ¦ • Wm VsfsL
\ -fe- h Ornaments* also New FIamicI Waists 98c— Good warm ones for fall m^f^i \* Farmer's satin, the
K-^ a nrprtv linp nf and wintcr wear ' in black> grcen * b ' uc ' tanorrcd ' /If' J \ sleeves with silk; gar-
js^^j <>¦ pjcuy imc ui neatly tucked and ' corded, worth Qg}^ hl/j " ' A ments that would be ex
; mohair braid hatS $,. 25; and .peei«l bargain at ... WC • ||; J fi^ -cellenf values at S15.00
-^V^W*' trimmed With Keece Back Flannelette Waist— In blae, with dainty f./ . j ffiT are marked for special
breast?, WingS and tips, g*g» g%g% white dot, or smail-blick and white checks; would V' | | selling, Friday and Sat-
verv specially priced; ea qt&aUU be good value at 9 oc ; the Emporium g%Q j urday only '.;
' - ¦ ¦ -• price. ... .... . ... . %9%*M* j I- 49%<fl*ft ' f 0*
Fine Dress Hats — (one style shown in illustra- _______^^_™^_»__ 1M ______.^__. . .'1 . 1 &UB a &&§
tidn),madeof velvet and chenille braid, Satt* nf Pe*Hir>nat*& " |i II !
trimmed Avjth ostrich tips and ribbon; . FniTwtirinm W^JZ \ jUV^ i Men?s Suits, J1S.00— We
. dozen of new shapes, in blue, white and r or *v inter wear £?f^^ ' te l jeve them to be the
black;; very moderately priced for such Ladies' Black Mercerized Petticoats— Made with Ki best values at this price
dainty, pretty hats; each . . .$12,00 deep bias accordeon pleated flounce, finished to be found in San Fran-
««i "collet Girls' Hats— Of felt with with tucked ruffle, trimmed with black and cisco - We know that they arc the equal of any
Tbin^ni c^ni an** white plaid bands, full underruffle; $1 50 f, regularly .old for 5,5-00 fa any firsc-d.,,
satin- each r * $2.25 v »lue; special Friday ........ 99o clothing store m America. The cheap tailor
' .i ' ? ' J • - Ladies' BlacK Petticoats- Fine mercerized sateen canQOt produce their equal in style and fit for
t*~n*****»S**a i Snumfn : : with deep" flounce, having wide knife-pleat- $25-°°- The assortment includes the new
Z^^^^-^FZi ., ed ruffle set on, -finished with rows of single and double breasted coat s , in both the ex-
' ' .. strapping- .-V .':.* .,. . :". : . :. . i$1,19 treme styles for young men, and the more con-.
Firkin Creamery. Butter— the best quality, for- Ladies' Black Mercerized ;Cloth Petticoats— Having scrvative styles for older men. The materials
the two days, per lb'. .- . . . . • . 25c wide bias flounce, with ruffle set on, finished ue fzac 7 mixtures of all sorts, and plain blue
Java and Mocha CoHce-rNohe better at any with fine- dainty tucks and undexruffie •• and black effects. Examine these suits .care-
price; 'for the two days, lb. . . . • 29C -. •. .....;....-.... . . $3.39 fully and we believe that you will agree with
Extra Special— Uneeda, Uneeda ' Milk, Ladies' BlacK Mercerized Italian Cloth Petticoats— us that they are the best you &«£• f%f%
Zu Zu or Oysterette Crackers; any as- Wide bias flounce, made vyith Van Dyke ever saw for . . .... . *P mmJmwJU
sortment, 6 packages . . . . . . . 22c accordeon pleated, ruffle set on, finished Boy»* Long Pants Suits-sixe. for 1* to 19 y «r. Either
. . • -,.»,• P . ,. /• . *m— --I. en j t. j t \ - th- double or single breasted wck coat, made of standard
Milchncr , Herring-New, far, best quality, 7 fiih . . . 25c With narrow ruffles and bands Of Strapping. fabr5cs mch „ f J cy and cauimere, and blue cheTiot.,
Cedar Run Whisky-Reguiarly 12.50 gi'., for . . $2mOB full Underruffle and dust ruffle • $2.25 excellent tailoring,' perfect fitting, ind nf%
0. P. S. Whisky-Very o'd, botte. $1.10 Black Tallcta Silk Petticoats— Good quality, with temptingly priced at . . 9O»UU
Good Sauterne-Usualfi.oo quality, gal 65O , accordion pleated flounce, finished With B °y $> • Overcoals-For we, 7 _to 16 yea», in dr«sy Oxford
.• ¦ , ' •» ,. , , — — ' rX j r it j- "»•¦•• grays or fancy mixtures. Theie stvlish overcoats are cut
Vermouth -French or Ital an, bottle . ........ . 3BC narrow ruffle and fuU Under- ££- f%f% \J % and lc^e. with belted backs, ari thor-
Holland Gin -Our own bottling . . ... ... . . BSO ruffle of near silk, for . . . H*+Jr*%M%J oughly ta'ilored, two gradej, $5.OO *nd &Y*5Oday's session. There is sure
to be a large gathering of the
delegates to hear the address to
day of Hon. Ellis H. Roberts,
Treasurer of the United States,
who will speak on "The Effects
of the Inflow of Gold."
A paper on "Education of
Bank Clerks" will dso be pre
sented by J. B. Finley, president
of the Fifth National Bank of
Pittsburg, Pa. There will be a
discussion on "Practical Banking
Methods" by the delegates, and
the committee on nominations
will make its report and- the elec
tion of officers for the ensuing
year will terminate the proceed
ings. - >
This afternoon a special ath
letic entertainment will be given
at Sutro Baths for the amusement
of the delegates and. their friends
and the Cliff House, Seal Rocks
and Sutro Heights will be visited.
Elaborate entertainment of the
visitors will be given to-morrow
by the bankers of San Francisco,
and will consist of special trips
to Del Monte, the Italian Swiss
Colony ... vineyards at Asti, Stan
ford University and San Jose and
! Mount Tamalpais. . • •
• An invitation to visit Los ¦¦ An
geles has been extended to the
bankers, and large numbers are
expected in, the southern city
next Monday and Tuesday.
Many of the bankers and their
friends have arranged to visit
points of interest in California
and the Pacific Coast before re-,
turning to their homes. ; The
bankers who came out on tMe
palatial train of the New York
Central Railroad will visit Del
Monte; Santa Barbara, Los An
geles and the , Grand Canyon of
Arizona, leaving San Francisco
to-morrow morning.
T.HEJ convention of the
American Bankers' Asso
ciation will close with to-
TREASURER OF
UNITED STATES
SPEAKS TO-DAY
Continued on Page 7, Column 2.
The ramifications of business In all parts of
the world are so Intricate and far reaching
that what affects the money market in any
large way reaches us all. It is true that
there has been over-speculation, much of it
wild and foolish; some of It fraudulent and
dishonest. It does no good, however, to scold
and blame the speculator. He always follows
and participates In such a movement and al
ways will until human nature changes. The
purely gambling speculation on margins Is only
the fringe of the great trading and dealing In
stocks and securities tn Wall street, which is
a necessary part of modern business. Do not
misunderstand me as defending or even ex t
cusing this speculation. There is entirely too
much of It and too many business and profes
sional men, bankers and bank officers, have
been tempted and acquired the habit of specu
lation during the last few years of rapidly ad
vancing prices. - It should be stopped If there
is any way to do it, and you, as bankers,
can do as much to discourage. If not prevent.
It as auy one can. This sort of speculation,
however, Is not by any means a chief or lead
ing factor in the situation. The whole move
ment since the revival In business came has
been more or less speculative, and Just . as
business .has been unduly depressed and prices
tower than they should have been, we have gone
to the other extreme. Wall street and the spec
ulators are perhaps not so very much more to
blame than the rest of the country. Where Is
the man or the bank entirely free from sin to
cast the first stone? You may not speculate
on the Stock Exchange, or underwrite promo
tions but It Willie hard to find the bank
whose officers or chief customers are not In
some local promotion or combination which is
more or less speculative. Properly enough, too.
in many cases perhaps, for It is often one of
the best services a bank can render Its own
community to encourage local enterprises which
are legitimate and which are to be in honest
and competent bands. Tbe strongest claim
which Is made for our. system of locally owned.
Independent banks is that they develop local
institutions ¦ end are able to lend .their credit
to worthy local enterprises and deserving men
where personal ' knowledge of the moral risk
Justifies ¦ credit which would not otherwise be
granted. The interests of the whole . country
are so bound up together that no one section
can truthfully say we have plenty of money
and can take care of. ourselves no matter what
happens in ' Wall street. The manifestations,
of course, come in the financial centers' where
there are daily quotations of prices and rates
of Interest and weekly statements Of bank
conditions, but people in ail parts of the coun
try are doing business and' lending or borrow-
practical bearing on the present business situa
tion. We have another very different system
In force' and it Is with it we have to meet and
cope with our present problems. It has two
very great advantages. Our people are used
to It and have had no experience with any
other. Only the veterans in business remember
anything different- Its greatest advantage is,
however, its absolute safety and soundness.
Realize what this has meant in the last year or
two and efpeclally In the last few months. If
there had been the slightest doubt or uncer
tainty in regard to any of our currency, our
standard of value, or our national finances, th*
squalls we have thus far stood fo well would
have developed into a cyclone that would have
swept the whole country, leaving r^iin and dis
aster on every side. It is a very 'good system
which resists such strains, and there is great
force In the argument that this is not the tlnje
for any very radical change If we should now
attempt any at all. What is needed now 13
business sense and good Judgment, not legisla
tion. We may need currency legislation as we
have needed it for years, but It Is not to meet
this situation, and there Is no use to delude
ourselves with the hope that legislation will
help us out of trouble due to overex
pansicn and speculation. We need all tbe
reserve money we can g&t. but legislation will
not produce it. We must wait for the accumu
lation of gold, the only real reserve money. It
will be no real help to make a further large
increase in bank note circulation and no one
would think of adding to tbe volume of the
greenbacks. No legislation can change fixed
capital to productive capital. That Is merely
a question of time, and there Is nothing to do
but to wait for tt.
• There is also a tendency toward recrimina
tion and placing the blame for the present busi
ness conditions on some one else; for one sec
tion of the country to blame another; for the
West to say It is all the fault of the Bast and
Wall street. Some very foolish people eay
they are glad to see the speculators lose be
cause they alone are to blame and the rest of
the people will not be hurt. There can Hiardly
be any more mistaken view than this. There
Is no man. woman or child in the civilized
world «o poor, so remote or obscure as not to
be more or less affected by the large move
ments In the financial centers. Very recently
I have known personally of enterprises In the
mountains of North Carolina. In California, in
Hawaii, in Alaska and in the Philippines whose
proposed pperations have been curtailed on ac
count of the uncertainty of the^money market.
The result Is that the amount of money to be
spent for wages and supplies among- people so
widely E?z>arated In different parts of the
world has been reduced and these people who.
if they have ever beard of such matters, regard
themselves as far beyond their reach and Influ
ence, have been directly affected in the amount
of their wages and Incomes and the prices of
their products. These are only examples of
thousands of similar cases and no one can say
he Is not concerned.
HONEY MARKET SENSITIVE.
economically and paying his debts. Not only
the j total amount of loans, but the portion" of
loans absorbed for fixed capital was at a min
imum. .The ; loaning capacity was, therefore,
available for \ employment , In any . way which
promised ; safety ; and - profit, and perhaps we
were ' for a whlie' more intent on the . profit
than the safety. , Now, however, we have had
a period of , extravagant living . and working,
and prices of ; all kinds are • high. !'« It takes
more money or credit,, which is what Is used
in business, to do the same . volume . of busi
ness. What ¦ Is more serious, a vast : amount
of this loaning capacity has gone into fixed
improvements, which: are either unproductive
or very. slowly, becoming productive. r
FARMS AFFECT LOANS.
There is one field In which the loaning power
has been absorbed which is not so fully appre
ciated because there I are no figures I to show its
amount and the facts are not so widely known,
and that ia in the purchase of farming . lands.
It; has been ¦: very 'largely r a" movement from
some of the~ older Western States, f , where : the
prices . of \ farming lands ¦- have become com
paratively ' high; :into the 'States ; farther ¦ West
or into Canada,' where a man can buy two * or
"There exists to-day no one fact, and no
combination of facts, the logical sequence of
which suggests disaster. If disaster comes
it will be psychological and not logical. The
microbe. It tt exists. Is in the mind; It is
not elsewhere." ' . , ¦ . ' ¦ . '
It has been evident to any careful observer
for more than a year past that our bank loans j
have been expanding too fast;- The total loan-
Ing capacity of the banks of the country, as I
a .whole, Is limited by the amount of cash!
available as reserves for the deposits created
by the loans. The credits loaned by the banks
stay in the bank as deposits. The money may
be - transferred from bank to bank, but, as a
whole, the money stays in some bank and the
deposit" continues as a deposit. In the report
of the Comptroller of the Currency for 1002
there is a table given showing the amount- of
coin and all forms of currency In circulation
and the proportions held In the United States
Treasury,. In the banks, and now In either the |
treasury or the banks; in other words, in cir
culation among the -people. Except 'in unu
sual year* like 1893 and 1896 these propor
tions do not vary much. The treasury holds
12 per cent to 13 per cent; the banks 32 per
cent t;> 33 per cent, the people 83 per cent to
55 per cent of the cash, and these propor
tions have hardly varied at all, . while the
total money in circulation has Increased from
eighteen hundred million to twenty-seven hun
dred million dollars. The great bulk of th«
loans remain as deposits In some bank, and
the chief limit to loans is the reserve for three
deposits, and the total loaning power of tho
banks, therefore, depends upon the amount of
deposits for which they can supply reserves.
In the- article I read before your convention
in New Orleans, a year ago, I gave the fig
ures showing the decline t In the percentage
reserves in | all the national banks at the fol
lowing dates:
December, 1896' 32.42 per cent
October, 1897 :: .31.70 per. cent '.
September. 1808 ; 30.27 per cent
September. 1809 ; 20.38 per cent
September,- 1000 ....29,67 per cent
September, 1901 .27.65 per cent
September, 1002 ......25.74 per cent
At the date of the last', call. September 0,
1003, the national banks showed 26.60 per cent. '
exactly similar figures' for" all the banks,
State and private • and national, are not so ac
curately compiled, but about the same propor
tionate decrease in percentage of reserves has
taken place in all the banks of the country.
In this same period, while, the percentage, oi
reserves to deposits was continuously > on th*
decline, the amount of cash held by the banks
Increased from $074,000,000 in 1806 to
f 1,411,000,000 In 1902. In about • the
same time the total loans of banks Increased
from about four billion to over seven and one
half billion dollars.. This available loaning
power was a very potent factor in tbe < great
business revival which we have seen in . the
last' few years. Its existence could ' not have
produced the revival without the aid of favor
able ' Industrial and commercial conditions, but
without this available expansion, of loans 'and
credits the revival would not have taken place.
There has, however, been another and perhaps
more important change in this loaning power
than -Increasing loans and the lessening, per
centage of reserves and ¦ that . is . the way -In
which It Is now employed. The loaning- power
still exists; in fact, it Is in operation, as the
loans are now outstanding. In. 1897, when: the
expansion bejran, >we had' passed through- a'
period of most drastic and thorough liquida
tion. Every one has been living and 'working.!
no lion • of disaster:
In* money in the financial centers, especially
in New York. Every day there are transac
tion* and negotiations there affecting widely
scattered parts of the country, and no one. can
tell how soon or to what extent these may in
fluence his own business, the returns on his in
vestments, his savings account, or his insur
ance policy, the market lor the products of his
farm, bis mine or his factory, the sale of goods
from his store or his wages. and the cost of
living for his family. No one is eo isolated
or self-contained as to be entirely free from
the effects of any Important financial change or
This is no time for any feeling or discussion
between different sections of the country, claesea
of people or lines of trade as to who is most
to blame or who can stand It best. We -are all
face to face with the situation and equally in
terested. It Is no time for passion or excite
ment, panic or fear, but for quiet, calm con
sideration, courage and firm action based on
good Judgment and conservatism. Considering
all the circumstances and the pace at which
business has been going for the pa«t few years.
It is not bo surprising that there has been buch
a decline in the prices of securities, but rather
that the country has stood it. all so well, and
that there has been no panic, so little trouble
with the banks and so few failures. There
could be no clearer demonstration of the in
herent strength cf our ¦ conditions' and^of the
absolute confidence in our currency and Govern
ment finances. - . • . ¦ --• ' ¦
Beginning with the stock panic In May, 1901.
there have been repeated, and tremendous
slumps in. the prices of stocks and securities,
collapses and failures in railroad and indus
trial tyndlcates, combinations and underwrlc
ing any one of which, had our situation been
lees' 6trong, would have produced a. bad panic
and a disastrous commercial depression. That
we have stood it all so well Is the best possib.e
ground for the belief that It need go no further
and that there is no reason • for its reaching
into general business and producing aqy great
depression. As Secretary Shaw has bo well
said
I am a thorough believer in currency reform
and agree with thore who wish to see the
Greenback* retired, the rtlver withdrawn down
to the point which it Is practically subsidiary
roinar** cr currency, leaving nothing In circu
lation but gold, as coin or certificates, and «
real bank note ciniilation by gold reserves with
tsurh reputations for isfue and redemption that
it would be a matter of Indifference to the
hunks whether their credits remained with
th^m «« de^o«its or were circulating as note».
This I* the only true solution of our currency
matters, «r>d I hope to see It some day accom
plished. This, however. U a thing which can'
-air be f rfcdua!!>* done, and has ' little or' no
Able Address Is J>elivered on Busi
ness and the Currency.
The address of Comptroller Ridgely was
a long one, but the delegates listened to
it with marked attention and at its close
hearty cheers were given to the speaker.
The cheerinc was renewed again and
again, and Comptroller Ridgely was
forced to come to the front of the plat
form and bow his acknowledgments A
resolution of thanks to the able Comp
troller of the Currency was carried by a
rising vote. His address was as follows:
During the years of very active and pros
perous business which we have had since
the country began to recover from the depres
sion following the panlo of 1833. there- has
been a very marked Improvement in the funda
mental condition of our people and the amount
or both capital and wealth they have produced
and saved. This is especially true among the
f arming and producing classes, who have not
paid off a vast amount of debt, but have
accumulated money and property cf all kinds
to a greater extent than ever before. There
has been a great increase in the volume cf
money in circulation among the people and
there Is more money in the banks to their
credit. Since 18»C there has been a greater
increase In the amount of money in circula
tion than during any other like period and
about 80 per cent cf this increase has been In
told. We ar» continuing to add about *80 -
000.000 a year to our gold In circulation and
about one-half of all the currency In circu
lation Is gold. Our prosperity In business has
been baaed on the very best foundation. It
has been the result of the most legitimate
causes and forces, and all these are not only
etlll in operation, but give every evidence of
continuance. As la always the case, however,
in euch 'times, this movement of activity has
been accompanied by a large amount of spec
ulation, not only In stocks, bonds and secu
rities, but in many other lines and credits
have become more and more expanded- In
stock speculation and promotion especially we
have gone too fast, with the Inevitable result
of a serious collapse, and such a. decline ia
prices that people are becoming alarmed and
beginning to ask It this may not end th«
whole movement of prosperity. This causes
doubt and Increasing hesitation in business
circles. There U also a demand for financial
and currency legislation, or Governmental aid
In meeting the situation as It exists at the
present time. While these Important ques
tions are all more or less connected and ln
t< rwovfn, the business situation Is not to any
very great extent due to currency or financial
causes, and tt is not to legislation we should
look for permanent relief. If we had a bet
ter, and especially a more elastic, currency
s-yMom. we might have been spared from some
disturbances. If ;he surplus revenues of the
Government had not been ta!:»n out of gen
eral circulation there might not be so much
fear of a tight money market. But. on the
other hand, if there had not been the most ab
solute confidence In the soundness of our cur
rency, the disturbances In the markets for se
curities in the past two years would proba
bly have spread very much farther, and doubt
less ended In a serious crisis with severe In
dustrial and commercial depression. If there
had not been a large surplus revenue and
plenty of money in the United States Treas
ury, the Secretary might not have been able
to render the assistance he has to the money
market on neveral occasions when he checked
trouble due to causes entirely apart from all
questions of currency or Governmental finance.
It Is true that there are some changes in our
Government financial system and paper cur
rency which are needed and which might be
made to very great advantage. If they were
in force. the?e changes might now be very
useful, but thts situation is not due to the
lack of them. We should make such a change
In the collection and disbursement of the na
tional revenues as will prevent the with
drawal of vast rums of money from business
juft when most needed. There is nothing so
raered about Government funds that they
should not be handled through the banks like
other people's funds so they m-ould produce the
least possible derangement of business. If any
of the great corporations should handle Its
funds «as the Treasury of the United States
does and lock up such a vast sum of cash In
Its own vaults, legislation would immediately
be demanded to stop it. We should at . once
;>ass men legislation as is needed to have the
Treasury stop it and let money and business
alone as much as possible. The lees the Gov
ernment has to do with business and business
with tbe Government, the better for both. .
CURRENCY REFORM NEEDED.
RIDGLEY SPEAKS.
The figures presented by Comptroller
Ridgely showed that the United States
has gone forward by leaps and bounds
since the general depression of ten years
apo and that the fictitious Inflation of
securities and their decline has not caused
any material effect upon the prosperous
fond-ltion of the community.
PROSPERITY and the; enormous
resources of th« United States
were the themes discussed at tbe
session of the American Bankers'
Association yesterday at tbe Cali
fornia Theater.
There was a large attendance of dele
gates and visitors when President CaJd
well Hardy called the convention to or
der, as there was a general desire to hear
the address of Hon. William B. Ridgely,
Comptroller of th© Currency of the. United
States, oa the topic, "Tbe Business Situa
tion and th© Currency," and the paper
presented by J. E. McAshan. cashier of
the South Texas National Bank, Hous
ton. Tex., on "The Money Supply of the
United States."
Homer S. Kinsr, president of Well»-
Fargo Bank cf San Franciaoo. waa to
have delivered an address, but he waa not
able to be present.
Considerable Interest was evinced In
the "call of States," which Is a feature
of the conventions of the Bankers' Asso
ciation. Each State selects a speaker,
who is limited v> five minutes, and state
ments are made of the conditions In the
section of the country from which he
comes. There -was but one keynote to
the statements yesterday. All told of
boundless prosperity and enormous in
crease In business and products.
The question as to whether the banks
of the association should do tbe bonding 1
of their employes in place of accepting
bonds from fidelity and guarantee com
panies was again brought beforo-the con
vention yesterday.
The matter has been under considera
tion for the last five years and on Wed
nesday last a special committee presented
a report favorine the association taking
steps to form a bonding branch. A vig
orous fight ensued on Wednesday over
the committee's report and It was de
feated In its recommendations to amend
the constitution, as it failed to secure a
two-thirds vote, as required, from the
membership.
A resolution "was Introduced yesterday
that the enecial committee on fidelity in
surance be continued for another year
and that the resolution be sent to the
executive council. The resolution carried
by a large majority.
A- resolution was also passed and re
ferred to the executive council that an
appropriation of $10,000 be allowed to the
educational committee in order that It
may continue Its work of educating bank
employes in a uniform system of work.
There Was some opposition as to tbe
amount of the appropriation suggested,
but the resolution finally prevailed.
Deals With Money
and Business
Situation.
Hon. W. B. Ridgely
Presents Able
Address.
Bankers Tell of
Conditions in
States.
GladTidingsFrom
the Entire
Country.
DISTINGUISHED FINANCIER
ADDRESSING THE BANKERS,
AND PROMINENT OFFICIAL.
three, or even five or ten, acres of the cheaper
lands for the selling price of one acre of his
old farm.* j This 'movement has not only taken
accumulated savings out of the older commu
nities, but large sums have been loaned to
make these purchases of lands. This Is a very
important factor to-day in many of the Mid
dle Western States. It Is not an unusual
thing to hear .from a local banker or from a
bank examiner that fifty to a hundred thou
sand dollars has thus been taken from a small
town, and the total amount of this must run
up Into many millions of dollars. Much of
the loaning power of the "Western banks has
been thus absorbed I which was formerly-, used
in the. purchase of brokers' - commercial paper
and loans on collateral In Chicago and New
York. (. Another • large proportion of the. loan
ing cower ia absorbed In . carrying Increased
quantities of old' and new securities,, some of
them of more or. lens' doubtful value. This Is
the 1 situation which has called a halt and set
us all to thinking — not the.. lack of a compara
tively ¦ few millions of currency to • move the
crops ,or the accumulation of the surplus In
the treasury. Of course, those are factors of
great Importance, but they are not the leading
or controlling factors in this situation.
The power to loan still exists, the money is
still In the banks for reserves and there is as
much money as ever In circulation outside of
the .banks and the treasury. The question now
is. not so much the, power as the disposition
or willingness to loan. How far will the
country ko. in. the tendency .to contract the^e
loans? That tea question ' for the bankers
mainly to decide. For about a year thsre has
been a steady, almost uninterrupted decline In
the. prices of all stocks. ,and bonds, t It has.
however, . been f so | comparatively .gradual that
there have. been no bank failures and very few
stock exchange failures ; as the result and so
far general business has I not been _ seriously
checked. From a strictly banker's standpoint
his' situation has been in one respect . much
Improved. ¦ However hard It has been on those
who have made the ' losses, the bank loans on
stock exchange collateral are now readjusted
upon the. much lower basts with at least as
much marjrln and probably more than on the
higher range of values. -. . A break In ¦ prices
which If a banker knew it -was coming would
be- terrifying. Is 'now past and the banks have
not been hurt bv It. ' The explanation of this
Is that most qf the. people who have made: the
losses i had ' the ' money, to lose without losing
the money of the banks. ; Many of them made
it on the rise In Difws and only have, given
up part of the profits. • There probably never
was a time before In the history of the country
when such a decline In stock prices could have
happened . and .found the people so ¦ well pre
pared for it and the whole country with such
powers of resistance and I recuperation. We
are In an entirely different condition and this
Is what gives such foundation for hope and
firm faith In. the future. The way business
has' stood the decline. In stocks is an evidence
of strength, not weakness. There may be- and
doubtless will be some hesitation and curtail
ing of other line* of business aa the result, but
there is no-occaslon to be nervous or hysteri
cal about It. We should keep cool, and where
our calm judgment approves be bold and
courageous. - If we have been too hopeful, do
not let us all at once become too. pessimistic.
Let each bank stand ' by Us » customers and
stand by the country, as It deserves. It never
was In better condition when . facing any such
Bi Contrast the position of the railroads to-day
'compared with a few years aso, when more
' than a fourth the mileage and many of - the
¦ most . Important line* were^ in the receivers'
¦ hands You have no more of railroad receiver
ships. -The roads are on an entirely different
basis. The country has filled up so that they
have a vastly Increased volume of permanent
traffic; their tracks, machinery and organisa
tion are so Improved that they can handle their
business tar , better than ever before. There Is
no comparison which - can be .- made - of the
condition of the country to-day with what It
was only a few years ago which does not show
ithe surest foundation for enduring prosperity,
and there is no. part or section of the country
of which -this is not true. ¦• •-. . :¦• •¦ : ..
BALANCE IS FAVORABUB.
'; -During. the last « ten . years the balance of
trade ¦ In » favor .¦¦: of , the United States • has
amounted to . over ¦ three and three-quarter bil
lions i of dollars. For ; the single year : 1001
this .was $679,000,000. Although the alarmists
complain of a considerable '¦ falling off for . the
year 1802. ' it : was v still almost half a billion
dollars, or about twice as much as It. had ever
been In any year of. our history previous to
1808. The aggregate wealth of tbo country
lias increased fully SO .per cent since 1S9O.
We are producing and adding to our stock of
gold every year about $80,000,000. and almoat
an equal quantity of silver. The annual value
of our farm products steadily Increases and
for the year 1003 it will be at least five billion
dollars. The deposits of all banks In the
United States have Increased since lv.tr> from
4900 millions to 9525 millions, almost double.
The deposits of all banks In the State of
Texas for this same period have increased
from $35,000,000 to over $80,000,000. about 228
per cent. In the State of Iowa- the Increase
has been from $78,000,000 to $211,000,000, over
270 per cent: in Kansas it has been from $35,
000,000 to $84,000,000, or over 250 per cent:
In Nebraska from $35,000,000 to $54,000,000,
or 228 per cent: in California from $200,0i^).000
to $iOCOOO,000. or 203 per cent. In Oklahoma
and Indian Territory, where, in 1S95, the total
deposits were considerably under $2,000,000,
there are over $27.0CO,000 on deposit In the
banks. The aggregate ' deposits In all the
banks In the States west of the Mississippi
River have increased from $701.000.1.00 In. 1S95
to $1,700,000,000 In 1!XW, or 242 per cent. The
three States of Minnesota. Iowa and Missouri
have more bank deposits now. than all the
States west of the Mississippi had In 1S9O,
and the States of Washington. Oregon and
California have $40,000,000 more bank deposits
than all the other States we3t of the Missis
sippi had In the year 1S90.
But it is almost unnecessary t© quote figures
and statistics to you who are the custodians
of the funds and Viorouehly familiar with all
the business of your Home communities. No
one knows better than you bankers what a
great Increase there has .been in the wealth
and prosperity, of your own people at home;
how many of them are out of debt and have
money In your banks who ten years ago
seemed hopelessly buried under a burden of
debt they could never pay. ¦ You of the South
know that . the change in Southern conditions
Is a revolution, and that with good crops of
corn and cotton your people are better off
to-day than they have ever been before. You
of the farming States, the West, the mountains
and the Pacific Slope, have seen whole States
which were apparently bankrupt, where farms
would not cell for the mortgage on them, raise
year after year record-breaking bumper crops,
and many of these mortgages paid off with
the proceeds of one or two years" harvest.
-You have seen farms produce in one year
crops of greater value than the land would
have sold for before the crop was planted.
You have seen your people P 3 *" on " their mort
gages and your bank deposits double and
treble wltMn the last few years.
You of the reserve cities, who are at the
centers of business and commercial life, have
seen equal prosperity among your merchants
and manufacturers. You know how your
country bank customers have prospered and
how their balances have Increased with you :
how many of them who used to have to borrow
of you are competing with, you and lending
money to your own city customers! -Every
State in the Union, every section of the coun
try has shared in all this. It Is no sudden
effervescence or bubble of speculation, but the
natural, inevitable result of potent existing
and continuing forces. It Is not going to dis
appear or vanish In a day because of a slump
In stocks or the collapse of a few underwriUng
syndicates. . It may be necessary to pause a
little to get our breath after the pace we
have rone, but If there Is any serious check
It will only be because we have lost our nerve
and ' courage. The course of business to-dav
very largely depends upon the bankers.- if
the banks Continue to act wisely and con
servatively, as they have, they can avert any
thing like serious trouble and keen the coun
try in shape for a - continuance of very pros
perous times. In doing this they can perform
a most patriotic service to the country, and,
as Is usually the case, the patriotic thing to
do is tbe wise and sensible business course
as. well. The banks have only to stand by
and . look out for the best interest* of tlTeir
customers and stockholders. If fach bank
takes care of Its own business and own people
and stands by them now there need be and
will be nothing more serious than a period of
waiting and perhaps^ some readjustment of
prices which might, in the end be & good thing
for every one. The speculations, promotions
and combination* which have run their wild
course were caused by and were not the cause
of prosperity. Prosperity came as the result
of the . productivity of our. fields and forests,
our mines and factories, the tremendous energy
and activity of our people applied to the mint
wonderfully productive country in the world.
It should not and will not eea,«e because the
speculative attempt to discount the future and
over-capitalize earning power has met with
fore-ordalned and Inevitable failure.
The - second • paper t presented yesterday
was by J. E. McAshan. cashier • of the
South Texas National Bank, Houston.
Texas, his subject" being "The Money
Supply of the United States." The speak-
J. E. McAshan of Texas Deals With
Important Financial Question.
NATION'S MONEY SUPPLY.
THE latter part of yesterday's ses
sion of the bankers* convention
was taken up by the "call of
States." As the various divisions
of the Union were called the ap
pointed delegates arose and lauded the
prosperity of their sections of the coun
; try. some of them going into statistics
showing the resources of their home
States as to finance, agriculture and man
ufacture.
Almost every speaker waa thoroughly
convinced that his particular State was
the greatest in the Union. Some spoke
at length, and if any State was specially
noted for any one particular product,
whether it was men, finance, corn, wheat
or sugar, the convention was made aware
of the fact. In many instances indis
putable evidence In the way of lengthy
statistics was hurled at the listeners.
Most of the facts produced, however, had
to be accepted, out of courtesy if for no
other reason, the enthusiasm of the speak
er behur considered. ' "- .
It was evident from th« remarks of the
first few speakers that those who came
afterward would not be able to do much
tooting of their trumpets without blur
ring some of the pictures painted by their
predecessors.
One old gentleman representing a West
ern State dwelt at length upon the In
telligent and beautiful women which his
home produced, all other chances to claim
prestige for It as a producer having been
completely eliminated by his predeces
sors.
Time and asraln some delegate waxed
so enthusiastic over his State that he
failed to hear the chairman's call of
"Time's up." As a consequence the meet
ing had to adjourn until 9:30 this morn
ing, so that the remaining States might
1 be heard from.
The call for the report of Alabama was
responded to by Pains B. Farley, cashier
of the M. and P. Farley Xatlonal Bank.
Montgomery, Ala. He said: "Alabama
is in a very prosperous condition. The
labor question is one that never perplexes,
wages being good. The crops have been
exceedingly good this year. Money is
plentiful and the banks are lendins tr>
our Eastern friend3. The banking capital
has Increased by three million -dollars.
Wildcat banking is now at an end in
Alabama."
To thft call for Alaska there was no
response.
Delegate Jacobs of Tuscon. Ariz., said:
"The people of Arizona are progressing.
There Is only one element of exchange
we would like to make. We woti!d like
to get oyt of our Territorial condition and
join the great galaxy of States."
Arkansas was represented by John G.
Fletcher, president of the German Na
tional Bank of Little Rock. He said: "I
bring you good tidings. We have more
fertile land than any other State In the
Union. There are 200 banks In the State.
Every village has one or more banks, all
in a reasonably prosperous condition. Ar
kansas Is the center of the United States
and one of the main pillars of the Union."
President J. M. EUiot of the First Na
tional Bank of Los Angeles delivered an
address of welcome on behalf of the peo
ple of California.
Colorado was not heard from.
Connecticut was represented by A. J.
Sloper, president of the New Britain Na
tional Bank. He said: "Connecticut is a
State of steady habits. We are in a very
prosperous condition. Our banks have a
capital of twenty-five million dollars, a
surplus of eighteen millions and a deposit
of sixty-five millions. Eighty per cent of
all the hardware manufactured in' the
country is made in our State. We make
nearly all of the tack supply of the United
States. 65 per cent of all the carpenters'
tools. 60 per cent of all the cutlery. 85- per
cent of the brass work and many oyier
metal appliances. Why. when you are
dead, the coffln you occupy will be bound
with brass and the lid screwed down
with screws from Connecticut, for we
produce 55 per cent of all the Union's
screw supply. Our savings banks have a
deposit of 525.0CO.00O for a population of
1.000,000 people."
The Delaware delegate was absent.
The District of Columbia was repre
sented by M. E. Ailes, vice president of
the Rlggs National Bank of Washington.
In part he said: "Of course, the District
is prosperous. Washington is the most
beautiful capital of the world and In the
greatest country in the world. We havs
no strikes and have the best paymaster
in the world. Uncle Sam. who. never de
faults on pay day."
Delegate Engle lauded the merits of
Florida. 'He said: "It would be bad taste
for me to dwell on the products of our
State, as the fruits are the same as those
raised here in California. I would gay,
however, that our orange groves are re
covering from the severe freezing of 1S93.
We produce one-half of the United States
supply of spirits of turpentine and resin.
The State is in a prosperous condition."
Colonel Robert J. Lowry, president of
the Lowry National Bank Atlanta. Ga..
responded to the call for Georgia. *H»
said: "The crops of the staples, corn, cot
ton, tobacco and fruits. ! are very good
this year. Our cotton crop this year will
be over a quarter of a million bales.
There are 125 cotton mills in Georgia
manufacturing from the raw product. W^
raise tropical fruits and considerable Hve-J
stock, and are the foremost State In
manufacturing in the South."
"It has been a prosperous year, said
William George of Aurora. 111. "The
wage-earner is prosperous and Is putting
money in the banks. The farmers and
stock raisers are wealthy and the banks
are in good condition. Illinois boasts of
the largest Bankers' Association of Its
kind in the United States.'
According to Representative Smith from
Indianapolis, Indiana is ln*a prosperous
condition, as Is evinced by the fact that
she has 600 banks, all doing well and 417
of them are members of the Bankers'
Association. ••"
Indian Territory s call brought forth
none to laud her.
Frederick Heinz of Iowa spoke at length
on the many and varied resources of his
Edward Carroll, cashier of the Leaven
worth National Bank, dwelt upon the
glories of the Cyclone State. He said:
"Kansas produces from thirty-five to fifty
bushels of wheat per acre. There are 650
banks In the State, most of them mem
bers of the Bankers' Association. They
have over $105,000,000 on deposit, or a rate
of over $70 per capita. The State lias no
debts, no labor strikes and no trusts."
Kentucky's manufacturing and mineral
wealth was dwelt on by Representative
Henry C. Walbeck. cashier of the German
Insurance Bank of Louisville.
Louisiana seems to be in the height of
a prosperous year. H. H.' Touree, vice
president of the Commercial National
Bank of Shreveport, said: "Laborers geA
$3 a day 'for six hours* work, and the™
the negro laborers are striking for more
money. Our State produces more rice and
sugar than any other State in the Union.
Continued on Page 7, Column 1.
PROSPERITY OF AMERICAN NATION IS EXTOLLED BY COMPTROLLER
OF THE CURRENCY AND OTHER DISTINGUISHED MAN OF FINANCE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY; OCTOBER 23; 1903.
6Prosperity of American Nation Extolled by Comptroller
of the Currency and Other Men of Finance
Continued From Page 6, Column 6.
GROUPS OF VISITING BANK
ERS AND A LEADING TEXAS
REPRESENTATIVE.
I STANFORD • UNIVERSITY. Oct 22.—
Next Saturday a special', train-. trill -bring
to Stanford a delegation from the Ameri
can Bankers' , Association,^ now. In session
In • San ¦ Francisco. > .This , trip has been
planned 'as a part of the entertainment
of .the-State's guests- and the;university
will.be open to the. inspection of the visi
tors.' ; As Stanford ' draws . many/ of its
students*, from - the \ East * the university
will probably prove jdonbly attractive to
many of the ; Eastern financiers.
Bankers i Will Visit ¦ Stanford.
-HONOLULU, Oct. 22.— The schooner Ju
lia E.' Whalen went • ashore on Midway
Island 'early this: morning. She 'was im
mediately : ; abandoned ; by her ; crew » and
passengers, who ; are now. ashore .suffering
much discomfort ' owing to a * scarcity , of
clothing \ and- provisions. A heavy sea Is
running and It Js impossible . for. the crew
to return *; to - t the <: stranded vessel. j-.The
schooner • left I here several I days ago" with
supplies I for ? the i Commercial ; Cable Com
uany' b ' station ' on ' Midway. ¦ Island. ' J
Schooner Julia E. Whalen Is Ashore.
ELIZABETHPORT, N. J., Oct. 22.-The
cruiser Chattanooga and the torpedo
boats Nicholson and O'Brien, which were
under construction at the Crescent Ship
yards, to-day were towed by Government
tugs 'to the Brooklyn Navy Yard, where
the work on them will be finished. __ A big
Government lighter carried away every
piece .of Government property,, belonging
to the cruiser and the torpedo boats.
Neither the Sheriff nor any of his depu-'
ties , was : present and ¦. no remonstrance'
was made against the removal of the .ves
sels. ;The cruiser .and 'the -two torpedo
boats were . -replevlned • by the United
States. Government -from the . control of
the Sheriff of • Union- County,- who has
held the Chattanooga on a' libel of $10,000
on a claim. made by Babcock & Wilcox,'
who supplied the boilers for the cruiser.
Removes the Cruiser Chattanooga
and Two Torpedo Boats From the
Crescent Yards.
GOVERNMENT TO COMPLETE
WORK ON THE WAR VESSELS
Landvoight has been in the postal ser
vice about twenty-nine years. He began
as a clerk and worked his way up. Un
der a detail of the Third 'Assistant Post
master General he went to New York
some years. ago and reorganized the reg
istry service of that city. Landvoight
Bald that the request for his resignation
carried no Intimation of any wrongdoing
whatever, and that the only question was
the .principle involved in his son's em
ployment. - y^'- ¦--",
WASHINGTON. Oct. 22.— William H.
Landvoight, chief of the classification de
partment of the Postofflce Department,
to-day "presented his resignation to Post
master General Payrie. The resignation
was requested by Payne as a result of the
investigation by the inspectors of the
charges growing: out of the employment
of Landvoight's son In the General Mani
folding Company of Franklin, Pa., which
had a contract for supplying patented
registry books to the department. Land
voight was chief of the registry' books to
the departmenUprior to his comparatively
recent : transfeP to take charge ;of the
classification work for the department.
Landvoight prepared his resignation
this morning and presented K to the
Postmaster General ' jn person. It was
brief and called attention to the fact that
the only criticism of him was the em
ployment of his son, Arnold, with the
company. The resignation was made to
take. effect at the pleasure of the Post
master General. Payne expressed his re
gj-et at the necessity for the action, but
aald that the . employment of the son
with the company involved a principle
that must be enforced. . : \-V </
Payne Compels William
H. Landvoight to
Retire.
North Dakota made no response.
Ohio was the last State to be called
upon., as time would not permit of any
more Fperches 1 . J. J. Sullivan said: "The
Lusinets conditions are unusually good,
the financial part having no weak spots.
We have RIO banks, with depoelU of 5150,
000.000. and all are experiencing prosper
ity. The Ohio Bankers' Association Is
not surpassed by any of its kind in the
country. If a State is measured by the
character of its great men, Ohio will not
euffer by comparison."
t .VEW YORK. Oct. 22.-K. EL Lyford. who
rffigned as ct-neral counsel for the Chicago
and Eastern Illinois HaHroad Company was
to-day chow-n g*wral county for the 8t 'i^ui,
and fcan Francisco Ilallroad. Robert Mather
was elected third vice president ot the 6t
7-ocl* and £aa Francisco ItallroaA Ccrnpacj-.
Nevada was ably represented by G. W.
Mapcs, president of the Washoe County
w2*ank. He spoke of the sago brush State's
» p-and production of women, "the finest In
fhe country." and said Nevada produces
Mve stock for the jneat markets of San
- J'cancisco, Chicago and New York.
The States of New Hampshire, New
Jersey and Sew Mexico had no one pres
" ent to vouch for their wonders.
. New York was responded to by Stephen
M. Gricwrid, president of the Union Bank
©/_ Brooklyn. N. Y. He said! "The State
cisVeciation Is producing good results.
..-working for the reform of the banking
: bifsiness along all li.ies. The last year
h&b been one of depression. Securities
* have fluctuated. This condition Is pass-
Wig away," he said, "now that we have
cood crops and no war. The Industrial and
labor troubles are being amicably settled
arid we feel that we are on the eve of
, prosperous times. The bankB of the State
stand at all times strong."
Joseph G. Brown, president of the Cit
izens* Bank. Raleigh. N. C, said that his-
Sja.te was like California, "a natural,
beautiful spot, sut of tbe California beau
ties beins found there."
t Montana was represented by Banker
F.- .Mains cf Helena. He told of the
State's banking prosperity. •
Nebraska was without a. delegate to
ring her praises.
• Tne corncob State, Missouri, was prais
ed to the skies by Representative Plttman
of 6t." Louis. He said: "Missouri Is the
grandest State In the Union. It has now
on hand the greatest undertaking of its
*Jn<l ever attempted In the world, ihe
exposition at 6t. L«ouis. We want, you all
to come and visit us. and we would like
to* have the next bankers' convention."
Kent of Michigan spoke on the prosper
ous conditions of the State, Its universi
ties and schools of learning:.
J. J. White of Mississippi said that his
Et&te was forging rapidly ahead in fln
e'nee. agriculture and Industry. Three
fourths of the banks belong to the asso
ciation, and there has been no failure
Flnce the panic of 1S73. The year's crop
of corn and cotton has been large.
Minnesota was praised for its prosper
ous condition by John R. Mitchell of
"Wincna. He depicted th* wonderfully
rich and productive soil of his State and
Eaid- that the amount of produce was
yearly Increasing, especially that of flour.
The banks of Minnesota, have a capital
cf J125.0O0.OO0.
J. R. Edmonds, vice president and
cashier of the National Bank of Com
tnerce of Baltimore, told of the fine foods
that his State produced, among them be
ing XM oyster and canvasback. H© also
paid -that Maryland had had but few
hank failures in the last fifty years.
There was no re5por.se from the State
of • Massachusetts.
This has been a prosperous season for
every one."
H. E. Walty came all the way from
Honolulu. Hawaiian Islands, and urged
the visiting: bankers to visit the Islands.
He said that the Islands' sugar crop was
increasing each year at the rate of 50,000
tons. This year's crop will amount to
over 420,000 tons.
Maine was without a delegate to re
epond in its behalf.
BUREAU CHIEF
RESIGNS POST
Continued Prom Page 6, Column 7.
Why does this condition exist? The Demo
crat will tell you that it Is by an abuse of
the taxing power of the Government; that a
larger proportion of the people's money is
withdrawn from circulation than is needed for
the expenses of the Government. ' TTiey are all
Democrat a down our way, except Federal of
fice holders and other wards of the ¦ nation.
The Republican will say that such is not the
case; that this preponderating preponderance
of veclth is due to a laudable effort - on the
paternal part of our paternal Government to
protect our little Infant Industries such as
the United States Steel Corporation. Mean
time, tbe banker !• up against It. He who
would give the glad hand must show the
marble heart. His few days are full of mis
cry.
The banker is a hybrid in politics; be Is nel
thelr a Democrat nor a Republican. He la
composed mostly of legs and baldness. Liegs.
the more conveniently to straddle political
fence*, and baldness brought on by herculean
mental efforts to know on which side of the
fence to fall at tbe right time. It Is a tremen
dous Job for a banker to think; when he does,
•something Is sure to drop. Two of my friends
were running for office. They met In our bank
one day. One said the other was no Demo
crat. The other said the ©ther was another.
The air became blue; the temperature began to
rise; the electric fans fairly churned hot air.
I saw that I bad to speak or lose both their ac
counts. Unlefs I did, each would think I had
said all the complimentary things which ea<5h
had said of the other. So at the first pause in
hostilities I said. "Gentlemen, don't, you think
that in the discussion of such gigantic ques
tions we are liable to run tbe economic center
of Immensities Into the political conflux of eter
nities?" They both said they did. and at the
same time with a paralytic smile bade me good
by and went away my ¦ friends. I - had fallen
on the right side of the fence, but Just consider
the waste of gray matter involved in such an
effort! No, my fellow tyrants! We are not ex
pected to discuss the money supply of Uncle
Sam. That will be all right so long as he has
unlimited powers of taxation and requires
United States bonds as . security .. for United
States deposits.
The money, supply under discussion Is that
of the country at Urge; the money which is
available for business; the money .which is
available for paying deposits when our depos
itors withdraw a part of our working capital
to work on themselves. It is a mystery to me
what becomes of the money at certain seasona
of the jestr. There are time* every year when
; Coming as I do from the busy life of a
banker in whose never ceasing grind I have
epent a third of a century. It can scarcely be
expected that ray remarks will be as academic
as those of other men who have made the
study of theoretical finance a epeclalty. There
are. however, some things to be aald of the
money supply that will be recognized as truth
by a majority of bankers In this magnificent
commonwealth, whether they be from the city
or from the country.
Volney. in bis great work on th« ruins of
empire*, classes tho banker with the tyrant,
and other oppressors of mankind. At a recent
banquet In New York given to bankers, one
of the orators, under the Influence of enthu
siasm, . patriotism, remorse and other stimu
lants, eald: "It is a good thing for us bank
ers occasionally to get together for the pur
pose of seeing what we can do. whom we can
do. and how we can do them." I see before
rae representatives of this honorable profes
sion of tyrants and doers, from all parts of
this great country. ¦ I see before me those who
angle for trout and suckers in New York, and
thos<e who. with equal impartiality. «kln the
festive cat and larger fish on. the shores of
the Great X^akes. I eee my fellow doers from
the prohibition woods of Maine. Kansas and
Carrie Nation, to the boundless hospitality of
wide open San Francisco.
We. who represent the tyrannical profession
of bankers, are gathered here from the land
of icicles and bicycles, from the home of ar<>
matjc wooden nutmegs, from the land of the
magnolia and the home of the mocking-bird.
In fact, from everywhere I see before me mem
bers of that noble profession who do others
for fear that others will Co thero, and I am
confronted with the question. '"The Money
Supply of the United States."
. What are we going to do about it? What
can we do about it? Secretary Branch in his
letter to me suggesting this discussion in
vited me to limit my remarks to 2000 words.
so if I leav« anything unsaid on this question.
Just lay it on my time limit. The request of
the secretary reminded me of one of my
friends. Tne friend had a little boy who ask
ed a great many questions. One day his father
said. "Dick, you take up too much of my
time asking questions." "Well," said Dick,
"Just answer rne one question and I will let
you off. It will only take you a minute."
"All right, if it will only take a minute, fire
away*" "Well." said Dick. "Just tell me
hon to work tnlracles and how to make con
densed milk." Dick's question remained un
answered. I am inclined to think that I
would show you a miracle if J should make a
thorough discussion of the, money supply of
the United States in 2000 words.
What do we mean by the money supply of
the United Et*.te«? We do not mean the sup
ply of monf-y that has accumulated In tho
vaults of tbe Government. This needs no dls
cuaelon. We - all know that the Treasury of
the United States Is overflowing with money.
It baa even been suggested that the reason
the banks are so short on cash is because the
Treasury is to long on it as to have about
one-fourth of our circulating medium under
its control. It Is even hinted that Wall street,
with Its matchless ability and vulpine cun
ning — this last phrase is not original — disap
proves of the independent Treasury system. It
Is even spoken in whispers that our great cap
tains of finance rprnd days and even nights
in brain work trying to, evolve some' plan by
means of which they can do the Secretary, es
tablish a community of interest, as It were,
between Wall street and the Treasury and ex
change some Treasury fatness for Well street
leanness. The courting is all done by the
financiers.
er dealt with his theme in a skillful man
ner and Mr. McAshan was given a round
of applause at the close of his speech;
His a/Jdrres was as follows:
• 8AN JUAN, Porto Rico. Oct. 22.— Hobart 8
Bird, editor of , the ' San ' Juan News, went to
Jail laat --. night < to - begin .* a I sentence . of ¦. two
month*' Imprisonment for having libeled Judge
Ramos. .He will make an appeal for a. writ of
habeas corpus. ¦ '. •
It seems to me that a perfectly satisfactory
emergency circulation could' be devised - alonK
the -following lines: Authorize the Secretary
of tbe Treasury to Issue treasury notes to the
national ¦, banks to the extent of 25 per cent of
their paid-in capital on the following, terms
and conditions: The loan of these .notes to the
banks to be a general liability of the banks
secured by the several and proportional obli
gations of the stockholders of the banks to
whom the notes are loaned.. This pladge ot the
stockholders to be In the form of. a stbclc-
I would like to make a suggestion, not as a
cure-all, but -simply as -a suggestion subject
to fewer, objections . than any I have seen
brought forward. The relief should. be on the
emergency plan, pure.and simple, and. permissi
ble only In emergencies and . for . the public
pood. It should be In the interest of the peo
ple, and not classes, and should be taxed out
of circulation the moment the emergency , is
past. It should be safe and elastic. It should
be uniform. It should be of euch a charac
ter aa not to weaken public confidence In
banks. In ahcrt. It should be a currency based
upon sound economics and patriotism. :An un
secured bank circulation would be as safe as
are the deposits of the bank, for the resources
of the banks are guarantees of their payment,
and whoever. would deposit money In a bank
wou d accept the bank's note. This, of course
would only operate locally. . •
We then write our central correspondents to
find if they have any money; that while we do
not expect to use our credit. Oh! no! as a mas
ter of form we write to them, and they write
back that they have none, but In case our
scruples are removed against using our credit,
that we are ouch valued customers that they
will Impair their reserves for our sake. Now
the question Is. how can we avoid charging
prohibitive rates of interest, when our deposits
are melting like the beautiful snow? How can
we avoid that nwntal strain that is required
to make a banker look cheerful when the
whole beautiful realm of nature seems hung
with crape and in mourning; when the waves
of the sea wm to chant dirges; when the
winds In the woods seem to whisper requiems;
when the thunders on the mountains seem to
growl funeral marches, the prairie breeies howl
lamentations, and even in sea, and wood, and
prairies, and mountains, make our vacations
a travesty and a farce.
How can we relieve our central reserve cor
resijondents from the embarrassment of Im
pairing their reecrvea out of mere politeness to
us? How can we do these things and not vio
late the fundamental principles of American
liberty and sound economic*? I believe that
the creation of money is an, attribute of sover
eignty, and should not be delegated to private
persons. I believe. that assets currency Is an
Injustice to depositors. Nothing should ever
be done to Impair the security of the depositor.
I believe that the right to issue unsecured cur
rency by individuals is monopolistic and un-
Amcrlcan. It would be the bestowal of unjust
and unequal privileges and would be wrong.
These are the fundamental doctrines of my
financial creed. I am. however, not a dreamtr,
an idealist or an enthusiast. Kmergency con
ditions require emergency remedies. I recog
nize conditions as they exist and would like to
see a remedy devised, for it would result to
the Interest of agriculture, manufacturing, com-,
nerce mining and transportation, which con
stitute the entire circle of human enterprise.
There are times of the year when the volume
of money la not sufficient, and no one knows
this btttec than the farmer, tbe country mer
chant and the country banker.
When the earth has yielded her increase,!
when the harvest moon hangs -high in the
heavens, when the sound of the thresher is
heard in the rice ilelds, when the darkeys etng
amid the sugar cane, when the great North
west pours Its grain In golden floods all over
the land, when old King Cotton holds his Im
perial court In the snowy fields of the fleecy
staple; when the withered banners of the corn
are still, and gathered fields are growing
strangely wan; while death, poetic death, with
hands that color whatever they touch, weaves
in the autumn wood his tapestries of gold and
brown; when everywhere In this mighty nation
from the icefields of Alaska to the shimmer
ing glory of the Mexican gulf, ' from the un
friendly woods of the distant Maine, where
the God of Day sheds his beams of gold at
dawn to the radiance of the Queen of Night,
who at the self fame hour sheds her silver
light over tbe Philippine Archipelago, then it
Is that the banker realizes that our currency
needs rt-llef in order that the American banker,
the American farmer, the American merchant,
end the American manufacturer may handle
to the b« st advantage the fruits which have
been bo bountifully provided under the provi
dence c! God. How can this be done and not
violate sound economics?
tbe whole country has an abundance, or seems
to have. Interest rates teem searching for
zero: loans are paid off and from New York
to San Francisco and from Maine to Texas all
the banks seem loaded with awag. There are
other beasons when tber* is' a. great scarcity
of It. TVbere doea it go? New York does not
have it; Chicago does not have it. ¦ 1 think
from all appearances here it emigrates to Ban
Francisco. The country does not have It. It
exists," but is so nimble that we cannot find it.
The fact that the whole country, under normal
conditions, has at certain- seasons of the year
an abundance of money. In spite of all financial
piracy and buccaneering, is proof ¦ that under
ordinary conditions » the money supply of the
United States la sufficient for our commerce.
The comparative volume of money in circula
tion compared to the volume of trade Is greater
in the United States than- in any other country
of the world. I make this as an assertion. I
am not going Into statistics. Figures never lie,
but statistics are sometimes misleading. A rail
road company sometimes borrows money for
yeara to pay its dividenda, still expert account
ants can figure out that the stock la a gilt
edged security.' . ¦ ¦
Under normal conditions our money supply
Is ample: even now circulation is being retired
more rapidly than the law permlta. In Febru
ary and March, with large deposits, we some
times carry a reserve of 80 per cent and blazon
to the world our great riches. The solvency
of a bank Is gauged by the magnitude of its
debts; the Insolvency of other corporations is
gauged by the came standard. We see thla re
eerve melt In the balmy days of May to CO per
cent, and in the beautiful poetic June to 00 per
cent, in businesslike July to 40 per ocnt and
in the deg days of August to a poor, pitiful 25
per cent, down to the disgraceful level of New
York, and we wonder how the mighty have
fallen so low.
I^>t u r hope that the glory and fame of the
T'nltrd States may not be tarnished by unwlst
financial policies. May this nation whose vic
torious arms on land and sea have astonished
tins- world. "whose triumphs In mechanical arts
and" sciences have won the applause of nations.
who*e far-reaching commerce has invaded and
subdued by gentle. yet compelling force Europe,
the 'Orient and the Isles of the sea, making It
the" arbiter of the world's' destiny, while not
aiming at the world's empire: may this nation
which. In civil liberty and education, uplifts
and upbuilds the human race, and shall be the
luminary, for all the ages yet to be poured Into
the la? of empires from the secret caverns of
time; may this nation, which seems to have
been reserved by- the god of nations for the
manifest destiny of dominating and. redeeming
the globe, which has evinced a spirit of patriot
ism and whose battle hymns have rekindled the
altar fires. of the earth; let this nation formu
late a financial theory at least not narrow, per
verted or RelHsh: not tainted with the odium
of caste or lnx with the taint of unsoundness
but such a i theory as may be In keeping with
the sublimity of our history and 'the magnifi
cence of our destiny.-.' :
.The "call of. States".. followed the read-
Ing of the address." .
The time, allowed for my addrens has now
expired. . I put forward my suggestion modest
ly, tentatively and hesitatingly, not as a unl
vprfal panacea, but as an improvement The
area of this •country in as great n* all Europe
Our facilities for commerce and exchange our
oceans,'- our vast inland seas, our navigable
streams, our canals, our vast network of ran
roadR comprising thousands of mllpn, give us
avenues of trade '.which no . other nation ever
enjoyed and. which ¦ tend- to the production of
wraith with a rapidity not to be measured by
any nandard of the past. These things pro
duce a traffic requiring- at certain seasons of
tho year a volume of currency unprecedented
in the marts of trade. -
holder's vote and to be in the nature of a
continuing guarantee. This - obligation to be
in addition to the present general stockhold
er's liability of 100 per cent. This loan, of
treasury notes should not b« made indiscrim
inately, but only to such banks as have atock
holdera whose responsibility la unquestioned,
and has been ascertained by the treasury
agents, tbe bank examiners.
Thus, when a bank showed among its liabili
ties any emergency circulation, instead of cre
ating any uneasiness In the public mind, it
would promote confidence, and be a badge of
honor or merit, as showing that the stock
holders of the bank had been ascertained by
treasury agents to be good responsible men.
i. . >rre ?p°nslble bankers would thereby be
eliminated Such notes should be redeem
aDie at the treasury or any sub-treasury A
b!£?fc, w«h!T K dUrln * the h »™rt »««»on that
Denies would be encouraged to take them out
count£ ei l b $ f?f ni , tat ' the ¦•SmmSrei c? °the
?™ .?' a . nd thls duty »h°«l<l be so high dur
ing the time that the emergency does not
fn^.K 8 1° f0rce the "tlrementof the ncSes
cenfTrom^ararySo^ul^ 8 °< »^*%
The proceeds of this duty should be holri
a. a fund out of which to bay The ex
fhP ™r£L th V MUe and naeraptton. and for
to a^y^ailed I £ e t r inta * th °«* notes loaned
io any railed banks. As most bank* >¦<¦•>
well and wisely: managed, this wfety fund
would no . doubt be ample for *U nun>osM
521 ! J J k not llk *'y that a call wouKVer
have to be made upon the bank stockholder^
n°ot« mb Th? for loarTo? 0 hese
notes. The banks should be required to hold
Jh^m"* aca j n9t ¦"»•¦• n°te«. and The notes
pulsor>- in case the 10 per cent duty was not
K^ 0 "^ lnduc * ment tor a" banks to do " o
Along thes« lines, in my opinion an 1 ,
Sency circulation could be de? led that w^uM
merit, of the responsibility of stockholder*! t,
would not only provide money for crop
rnent*. but it would provide an enorn?oi£ rT
source that could be utilized in times of ™ n ™"
and thereby be a positive benefit to every^iass
of citizens. The depositors of a bank arc ?™™
every walk of : life and in time of Han™ neid
rancl S^lg" own though^le,, 3 K
J* lnt K^ lh « talnt lB ao 8ma11 a » hardly to count
Its benefits would be so far-reaching • wide
spreading and various that the entire commonl
wealth would receive them, and the t special
privileges so hedged around by safeguards £".
serial liability and taxes, that It would not be
abuaed. This personal liability and tax f>«
tur« may make my suggestion unpopular in
some quarters. There Is a great disposition
on the part of most men to share benefits and
avoid responsibilities. Thero Is an old and hon
ored American sentiment which says that thev
who dance should pay for the music. If thi*
addition were made to our currency system if
would be as nearly complete as we can hoDe
to make It.- "-•:•-¦¦ *"*"*
Bankers Tell of
Conditions in
States.
: The clevrr work of the players, how
ever, aroused the audience and the final
sets of the performance were greeted with
lavish applause. The performance ended,
many supper parties were enjoyed at
downtown restaurants, clubs and private
residences, and on all sides were heard
'ticarty praises for the generous welcome
accorded the visitors by the bankers of
Fan Francisco.
"".That the audience of last night enjoyed
the play goes without saying., The actors
were a triSe nervous at facing so bril
liant and distinguished a gathering and
they wt-re more nervous as the usual ap
plause of the theater wa6 missing dur
.tnp t-c first two acts.
A MOKE dlstlncTiished audience has
never been seen within a theater
in San Francisco than the one
that gathered last night at the
Grand Cpcra-house as the guests
of the local bankers. '
. The theater was closed to the public.
fr.e entire house having been bought out
for the use of the visiting bankers and
their friends. The audience was remark
able In every way, for it combined not
only the men and vroraen who are promi
nent In social and business circles of £an
Francisco, but also of every State in the
Union.
; The interior of the theater was tasteful-
Jy decorated. Huge pots of palms and
ferns were displayed In the foyer and the
auditorium was a mass of colored bunting
and -American flags, i*ots of ferns were
expended in many places and on each
eide of the etajie a trellis work was cov
ered with ferns and flowers, giving the
appearance of a g-arden.
The audience commenced to gather be
¦fore 8. and when the curtain ascended on
?he first- act of Hall Cair.e's "The Chris
tian" every scat in the theater, with the
exception of those in the gallery, was oc
cupied.
'The bri.liant evening frowns of the la
dies were r*?;>Ien<'.cnt with gees and the
male sex vas garbed in regulation black.
To mention those who were present at
'the performance would be to cull the
most prominent names of the blue books
cf.San Francisco and the principal cities
tn every portion of the country.
. The Grand Opera-house has seen within
it* walls many, bril'.iant audiences dur
.Jng- the opera seasons, but they consisted
of the wealth and fashion of this city
and nearby towns. The audience of last
'Sight ¦*¦ remarkable In that It repre
sented billions of dollars and a similar
'pathering could only be possible at a con
vention of the bankers of the country.
Play Is Witnessed
by Remarkable
Audience.
Gala Scene Takes
Place Within
Theater.
GUESTS OF SAN FRANCISCO COMBINE PLEASURE WITH
ENJOYING A TRIP AROUND THE BAY AND VISIT TO OPERA HOUSE
Ferry Boat Takes
Out Crowd of
Visitors.
Many Points of
Interest Are In- *
spected.
POLICE FIND NO TRACE
j£; 4 : OF MISSING MIUDIONAIRE
Virginia Coal and Iron Company Of
' f ers Large Reward- in the
Wentz Case
BIG STONE GAP. Va., Oct. 22.—Previ
ous rewards offered by .. D. B. Wentz,
brother of Edward I* Wentz, the Phila
delphia millionaire, who disappeared on
Wednesday,, October 14, not having
brought' forth the desired effect, the re
wards offered by I>. B. Wentz have been
withdrawn and the following rewards of
fered by the Virginia Coal and Iron Com
pany: .^*>^Co
; "First— If the person or persons who
abducted Edward L. Wentz Wednesday,
October 14, 1903, will return him alive they
will be paid J25.000 by. the Virginia Coal
and' Iron Company.'
"Second— A reward of $30,000 will be paid
by the Virginia Coal and Iron Company
for information which will secure the ar
rest and conviction of the murderers of
Edward I* Wentz, who disappeared
Wednesday, October 14. 1903.
"Third— A suitable reward will be paid
for information which will result in the
recovery of the body of Edward L.
Wentz." '
THE bay excursion tendered to the
visiting bankers by the bankers
of San^ Francisco was one of the
important events In the enter-
• tainment of the city's visitor*.
The ferryboat Berkeley, which was
tendered by the Southern Pacific
Company for the excursion, was gaily be
decked with flags, which were strung in
profusion from stem to stern.
Shortly after 2:30 p. m. she pulled away
from the dock at the foot of Market
street and headed for Hunters Point,
where the only stop was made In order
that .those of the party who wanted to
take photographs might land and obtain
desirable views of the steamer. From
there the cruise was to the Alameda
mole. Oakland pier. Oakland transit pier,
naval training school, Terba Buena Isl
and, the Brothers lighthouse, . Raccoon
Straits, Angel Island. Tiburon. Belvedere,
Sausallto, Golden Gate, Fort Baker, Fort
Slason,, Presidio. Telegraph Hill. Alcatraz
Island and water front to starting point,
where the boat arrived at 6 o'clock. There
were on board about 1500 v.3itors, all of
whom were loud in praise of the gran
deur of the bay and Its environments and
equally loud In the manifestations of the
royal hospitality that had been extended
to them on all sides. The ladies of tne
party were especially enthusiastic in
praise of the kindnesses and the cordial
ity that had been showered on them.
Foremost among those who were loud
in their expressions of praise of San
Francisco and its hospitalities were
Charles O. Austin, vice president of the
National Bank- of North America of Chi
cago; Frederick Kasten, the second vice
president of the Wisconsin National Bank
of Milwaukee; William F. Kettenbaeh,
president of the Lewinton National Bank:
Claude Meeker of Meeker Bros." Bank of
Columbus. Ohio, and John T. Harrington
of Youngstown, Ohio.
They all stated that the convention
could not have pqsslbly been attended
under, more pleasant auspices and that
they were more than surprised at the
size and beauty of. the city.
The day was comparatively dear and
the visitors were enabled to see the prin
cipal points of interest in the harbor to
excellent advantage.
In the main cabin a splendid stringed
orchestra played. On tbe lower deck a
fine luncheon was served at the pleasure
of the guests.
The excursion was actually under the
supervision of H. R. Judah. assisted by
William McMurray. who has charge of
all the details of the side trips of this
convention.
Weil-Known Jockey Dead.
SAN DIEGO, Oct. 22.— Cad Register, a
well known rider and horse jockey, died
here to-day after several months' Illness.
He was 33 years old.
No Trains for San Quentin.
SAN RAFAEL. Oct. 22.— The North
Shore Railroad Company/will discontinue
all passenger trains to apd from San
Quentln. The official announcement was
Brlven out at railroad headquarters to-day
and will take effect November 1. It came
as a great surprise both to the employes
of the road and residents of Mar In
County.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FBIDAY, OCTOBER 23. 1903.
7
ADVERTISEMENTS. '
INTERNATIONAL BANKING CORPORATION
ISO. 1, W/1I-I- ST.. NEW YORK l j .^.. 0 _ n^
Capital. $3,947,200. Surplus and Undivided Profits, 54.044.973.J7.
WILLIAM L. MOTER ISif.rSr
JOHN HUBBARD •. s^etlry
JAMES H. ROGERS •""•;: |£!!h»£
CHARLES D. PALMER •/¦¦«• »° £"!VJ*°t
WILLIAM B. WIGHTMAN A as t to Pj"'"™
JOHN B. LEE V, ri?i ?£S£r
WILLIAM H. MACINTYRE -*sst. °* n ' i Jf"* ll J^
ALEXANDER &. GREEN Counsel
FISCAL AGENTS FOR THE UNITED STATES IN CHINA AND THE PHILIP-
PINE ISLANDS. DESIGNATED DEPOSITORY FOR THE FUNDS Of THE GOVERN-
MENT OF THE PHILIPPINE ISLANDS.
t™™ BRANCHES, johx
SiN FHANciscb I'lIIIIIir FRANCIS E. BECK. Manager
WASmNOTOV D'C . I J- SELWIN TAIT. Manager
PITT OF MEXICO LIONEL H. MILLER. Manager
mJvtla MEXIC ° ROBERT W. BROWN. Maragtsr
irnvrKOvYi CHARLES R. SCOTT. Manager
vnKOHAMA '.'.'. HERBERT C. GULLAXD. Manner
JSaSShai * JAMES S. FEARON. Agent
B^GAPORE"!!"!!!!*!"**."."-"-*-.* ANWYL RICHARDS. Manager
AGENCIES.
nnM n AT CALCUTTA MADRAS. PENANG. RANGOON. COLOMBO, AMOY. CANTON.
B0MBA HANKOwTTYENTViN: .TANSUI. ANPINO. BAKANMOJI SAIOON.
KOBE. BANGKOK. BATAVIA. SAMARANG. SOURABATA.
-CORRESPONDENTS IN ALL PARTS OF THE WORLD.
DIRECTORS.
THOMAS H. HUBBARD. Cr-ainnan of the Board New Tot*
T1M rq xr ALEXANDER • .firw TOTK
JAMES w, Aiiwuu President. Equitable Life Assurance Society
JULES 8. BACHE ggy^-^^g. „£ New York
CLARENCE CART 'c^J^^^i^^ ! "^ 2£
. f , v -, ¦ rTTOAT-LOS -* • • !"•••••••••••• -••••• ••• •••••••••••••••••••••• •••New York
JUAN M. y * c ' OA *' x ~ ( x"jy£y& XmUo9 & Co.. Commission Merchants
EDWARD F.CRAGIN.,.,..., ' N ~ ™
W. MURRAT CRANE.....^^...^^....^.^..^^ ™toa
nvrvrtfv r*KOCKER ..San Francisco
U , BU T * President. Pacific Improvement Companv
vnnmtvi DELANO ; ,N*w Yorte
EUGENE DfcHAiN". of Brown Brothers & Co-> Bankers
MARCELLUS HARTLEY DODGE New York
MARCELS o "a« D , rector Equltab i e Life Assurance Society
SYLVESTER C. DUNHAM. •• Hartford
bIJiVCl ' , President. Travelers' Insurance ComDaay of Hartford
tt»t ttv TnqKE *• .....New York
HAL.KX rlott v , ce p re8 iaent. Metropolitan Life Insurance Company
EDWIN GOULD. ......... -p^,^- • £ • • Louis'southwesternH'.R. "*
Ta .. r oTTGGENHEIM • New York
ISAAC out.vrr.* Treasurer. American Smelting and Refining Company
EDWARD H. HARRIMAN ,'..N«w York
EBWA . . . Chairman. Union Pacific Railroad
tohv R HEGEMAN New York
jun?> «. * . president. Metropolitan Life Insurance- Company
WILLIAM G.HENSHAW. " Union * skVinV.'^nk Oakland.
' rI ,eKi\T HEWITT •" New York-
ERSKIN . ¦ with Cooper. Hewitt * Co.. Merchants
JOHN HUBBARD..... ,V™££ X.w York":
HPVRY E. HUNTINGTON • New York
HE.NUI r~ «u president. Pacific Electric Railway Company
TAitrir<! TT HYDE — .'.............. New. York
JAM*.S> a. " 1 VJce Pr€SjdenU Equitable Life Assurance Society
t«-»wm Tl JACKSON • Plt-sburg
JOHN B. jauivk.^ president. Fidelity Title & Trust Co.
t TTTHER KOUNTZE New York
LUTHLK awu. * , Of -Koun»« Brothers. Bankers
JOHN J McCOOK •••• • *• New York
JOHN J. mcwv, Qt A , nfler & Green Lawyers
httvrY P. McINTOSH. .,/ ' .*....;. ...... Cleveland
*"" - President. Guardian Trust Company
TftruAM * H. McINTYRE '- New York
>> iL.uxAiu Fourth Vice President. Equitable Life Assurance- Society
PIERRE MALI .'. • • • New York
t-icwn-r, Of Henry w T Mal , g. C(X Merchants
HENBT S. MANNING '. New York
Of Manning, Maxwell St Moore. Merchants
WILLIAM • L. MOYER. '. New York
wii^w* President. The National Shoe and Leather Bank
' ALLAN W. "PAIGE Bridgeport
. ' - Counselor-at-Law
HENRY CLAY PIERCE St. Louis
. Chairman. Mexican Central Railway Company, Ltd
WILLIAM A. READ...................................... New York
Of Vvmllye & Co.. Bankers
HOWARD S.RODGERS ,.. ...; Cincinnati
•--. • Vice President. Merchants' National Bank
GEORGE H. RUSSEL .• Detroit
President. State Savings Bank
WILLIAM SALOMON New York
t Of William Salomon & Co.. Bankers
ROBERT A. C. SMITH.... ..New York
President. American MSI1 Steamship Company
ALFRED G. VANDERBILT ..../. New, York
CHARLES A. WHITTIER............. New York
Treasurer. American-China Development Company
•.;. -San Francisco Branch: 32-34 Samo me St.
-' A General Banking Business Transacted.
Accounts >.f Corporations Firms nnd Individual* Solicited.
Loans Made on Liberal Terms on Approved Securities.
/ Foreifrn and Domestic Exchange Bought and Sold. '
Travelers' and Commercial Letters of Credit Granted available in any. Part of the Wcrld.
Interest-Bearing Certificates of Deposit Issued for Fixed Periods.
• ' Interest • Allowed to Banks on Current Dally Balance*.
Special Rates given to Bank.* Keeping Accounts with us and Drawing Direct ca oar
taflHBMHMiflH Branches nnd Agent* Throughout the World.
> CORRESPONDENCE INVITED.
Pitas*. note that the INTERNATIONAL BANKING CORPORATION Is in no way connecf*
• with the INTERNATIONAL BANK A TRUST COMPANY OB! AMERICA.The crater of Mokuaweoweo is again active and
agitating the people of Hawaii. That name is
enough to make anything on earth active or distort
it into paralyzed effort • ,
Whatever may be said by way of discouragement in
reference to' the security and, stability , of our posi
tion in the . Far East, we ; have now indubitable evi
dence'that with both Russia and China we are im
pregnable. This testimony -of ; our complete safety
was : brought home a few days ago by an observer
who- watched the ; unloading of a cargo of American
bVer at' Port Arthur. ;
The wily Austrian Count who refuses to honor
his notes. on the ground that he made their payment
conditional upon his marriage to an heiress may not
win in court, but he has struck a chord of sympathy
in the great communion of fortune-hunters that in
fest the wealth centers of the world. His candid con
fession almost clothes his indecency with dignity. V
THE CALL recently commended the new State
Polytechnic School at San Luis Obispo. The
Tribune of that city singularly misreads'- or,
misconstrues our statement, for it says: "The article,
however, seems to us to betray a curious and serious
misconception of the purposes and objects of the in
stitution. The school appears to the writer- of the
editorial as being on the whole a fairly good alterna
tive for a reform school, 'semi-penal! concern for the
rescue of the wild and reckless hoodlum, incapable
of restraint and hopeless of development into .a
good *and law-abiding citizen except by stringent
and coercive ' methods. It is hardly necessary to
THE SAN LUIS OBISFO SCHOOL.
Now that our Canadian friends have discovered
that we won more than they thought we did in the
Alaskan boundary dispute and that our peaceful,
judicial triumph is complete, it is up to them as
honest, sportsmanlike antagonists to take off-- their
hats and admit that the job was well done. A good
loser is one of the cherished hallucinations of all
gamesters.' j-. ¦ . _ . , v . ; .
Justice "of the Peace Bters of Arcata
fined A. A. Foultz $25 yesterday for vio
lating the duck law. Deputy Fish Com
missioner J. H. Davis seized four bass
nets in Suisun Bay. Wednesday. The val
ue of the tackle is" about $1200. The own
ers have . not put in a claim ¦ for their
property as yet. \
Fish Commission at Work.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 22.— The following
Californians are at the hotels: At the
National— A. J. Van Drake and wife of
Snn Francisco; at the New WlUard— John
M. Vance and wife, Ml?s Vance, Miss
Etta Vance and Miss Carlotta Vance.
Californians in Washington.
NEW YORK, Oct. 22.— The following
Californians are in New York: From San
Francisco— Mrs. M. Jones, W. S. Marin
and wife, Mrs. Hr M. A. Liller, H. S.
Scott and Mrs.'J. Somer?, at the Holland;
Mrs. S. Steele ahd Miss M. Steele, at the
Gilsey; J. C. Astudo, at the Grand Union;
A. Goldberg and wife, at the Herald
Square; J. W. Van Praag, at the Bar
tholdl; G. A. Merrill, at the .Marlborough;
L. Storm, at the Grand,
From \Lcs -Angeles— A. M. Alexander,
at the St. Denis: W. B. Burrow, at the
Imperial. ' \
Californians in New York.
Thus whatever effect Mayor Olney's call to the
women v raay- have had in Oakland/ its result' on the
other side of the continent has been that of reviv
ing the suffrage question. Doubtless it-will be of ad
vantage to the Bostonians to -<atch the Oakland ex
periment and learn what can- be achieved by women
of. brains, energy. and beauty without the use of the
ballot. In: fact, Boston will learn. much by studying
Oakland and her people at all times, and now that the
study has begun it should. continue; steadily.
MAYOR. OLNEY'S appeal to the women's
clubs of Oakland to assist him in building up
public institutions and in making his admin
istration more successful than ' it could be without
such co-operation has been heard clear across the
continent. From far-off Boston comes a- response
through the medium of theT Woman's Jouni.al of that
city. It commends the appeal of the Mayor and
heartily indorses the adoption of a policy of co
operation ofwomen.'s clubs with municipal govern
ments for good purposes all over the Union.
The Boston authority^ however, docs not believe
there, can be an effective and full use of woman's
energy in the advancement of municipal life without
conferring upon women the. right to vote. It says:
"When the women's clubs of any State try to im
prove the civic conditions of towns and cities in
which they have their homes, as they are beginning
to do, they will soon become alive .to their- need of
the suffrage as the thing required and indispensable in
order to make our efforts effective. And when these
organizations have thus been convinced they will
soon unite with the suffragists. in a demand for the
municipal ballot, and the joint demand will be heeded
by the Legislature. This was strikingly evidenced
here in Massachusetts two years ago by the success
of our bill making mothers equal guardians with
fathers of their minor children." It was introduced by
the Suffrage Association and supported, by the
women's clubs. The combination proved irre;
sistible." . " ...\ ',-.;.. -' . "
WOMAN'S OiVIO WORK
Two police officers arc under suspension here on
the serious charge of having accepted bribes from
keepers cf saloons. And the most serious aspect of
the affair seems to be that the saloons involved were
not among the hundreds that openly, conduct a gam
bling attachment. Perhaps in the police code it isn't
bribery to accept money from them.
M. T. Donovan, United States Deputy
Marshal at Tucson, who has been a terror
to the criminal classes of ' Arizona for
nearly a quarter of a century, is spending
a few days in this city on business and
is a Buest at the Palace.
Albert G. Weiland, the local capitalist
who has been abroad for several months,
returned yesterday and ia registered at
the Lick.
Gail Borden, a well-known Eastern
manufacturer, is registered at the Palace.
Mr. and Mrs. Frank H. Buck of Vaca
ville leave to-day on the steamship Sibe
ria for China. ¦¦¦¦:'¦' ".-. ¦'¦ : >'i
Dr. William Smith of Hanford is at the
Lick.
Judge E. C. Hart of Sacramento is at
the Grand.
Dr. J. W. Stitt and wife of Vacayille are
at the Palace.
E. H. Cox, banker and lumberman of
Madera, is at the Palace.
A. J. King, a mining man of Camp del
Rey, Mexico, and wife are at the Palace. 1
P.' P. Van Vleet, a wealthy resident of
Memphis, is among the latest arrivals at
the Palace.
Samuel H. Brooks, ex-Treasurer of San
Francisco, has Just returned from a trir^
to Nome and is registered at the Lick.
T. W. Heintzelman, master mechanic
of the Southern Pacific Company, is down
from Sacramento and is staying at the
Grand.
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and . public ¦ men by tho
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1042. •
PERSONAL MENTION".
Towcsead's California glace fruits and
candles. 50c a pound, in artistic fire
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market st.. above Call bids. •
The regular annual benefit of the San
Francisco Commercial Travelers' Associa
tion will be held at the Grand Opera
house Thursday evening, October 29. E.
Dunn. H. H. Becker, C. E. Torres, C. C.
Muller, W. T." Roucel, G. W. Morehouse,
K. M. Bowman, N. M. Marlsch, J. Blan
ton, F. McGeeney, W. H. Holllng and P.
Lang will have charge of the affair.
Commercial Travelers' Benefit.
SNAKE BITES — Z.. Petaluma, CaL
Treatment In case of snake bites must bs
promptly applied.. If possible, the wound
should be sucked vigorously ta withdraw
the poison.^and circulation In *th« region
of the wound be- shut off by means of
bandages applied with a tourniquet. Any
thing that will neutralize- the poison may "
be applied to the wound, but In all cases
Inrge and frequent drinks of brandy of
whisky, together, with the free applica
tion of coal oil to the wound, is the moat
effectual remedy. The wound should be
bandaged with some material, such as
flannel, that will hold the oil, and the
patient given all the liquor he can drink,
which is all that can be done until a
physician arrives to take charge of th«
case.
The Republican ticket is an excellent one in every
respect. It was nominated by a convention whose
delegates were thoroughly representative of the city.
In the Republican primaries at which the delegates
were elected more votes were cast than in the Demo
cratic and the Labor Union primaries combined. It
stands for all classes of the people, or, as it would be
more correct to say, it stands for the people without
recognizing any class divisions among them. The
head of the ticket is one of the foremost business
men of the State and his integrity and capacity are
indisputable.. The candidates for other offices are
each and all well fitted for the performance of the
duties of the positions to which they aspire. There
is every reason, therefore, why the support given
them should include every independent voter and
every conservative Democrat; every citizen, in short,
who knows the evils of class politics and social dis
sensions, and who seeks to have a community whose
motto will be, "One for all. and all for one."
The vast powers of the Mayor have been repeat
edly enumerated- and are now well understood by in
telligent voters. An unscrupulous Mayor holding
ihrough two successive terms would have virtual
control of every administrative board and commis
sion of the city. He would dominate the great de
partments of administration, and through the Police
Commission woultl have almost arbitrary power
over all saloon-keepers and others who require li
cense? to carry on business. We have seen how
great Abe Ruef has become by two years of exer
cise of . a partial control of the various boards and
commissions, and the results arc sufficient to con
vince any one that it will be a bad day for San
Francisco should he have full control over them all.
The conservative Democratic party has no more
place in the politics of to-day in San Francisco than
the old Whig party had in the slavery and anti
slavery fight of i860. This community is face to
face with a movement to establish a class party,
founded upon discontent, representing no avowable
political principle nor any definite policy, either
cicic, State or national; having no means of main
taining itself other than that of stirring up strife
between labor and capital or making use of municipal
offices as spoils to be distributed among the fac
tional leaders according to their subservience to
Schmitz and Ruef. To defeat that scheme and to
clear the «ay for straight politics on normal lines in
future is the prime duty of every good citizen at this
time. The appeal for a response to such duty runs
to workingmen, professional men, business men and
capitalists alike, and the right response should be
forthcoming from every intelligent and thoughtful
man.
friendship, to vote for a candidate foredoomed to
defeat when by doing so they will imperil the
chances of electing a conservative Mayor and greatly
increase the menace of the possibility of two more
\ ears of Schmitz and Ruef.
FIGHx' FOH GOOD GOVERNMENT.
WHEN* the friends of Mr. Lane take a fair
view of the political situation they can find
no reason for voting for him beyond that
tit personal friendship. No business man supports
him on any other ground, nor indeed does any work
:ngman have a different reason for advocating his
election. He is distinctly out of place in the field
and has hardly a possibility of success.
Every effort to rally the old Democratic party to
liis standard has failed. Democracy is as divided
u this city as it is in the nation at large. One
night as well expect Cleveland and Bryan to get to
gether a? McNab and Hearst. The conservative
Aing of the party nominated Lane, but the radical
tvirrg of the party will get even with him on election
Jay. It is therefore a matter meriting the serious
:onsideration of conservative Democrats whether or
no it will be worth their while, even for personal
The will is a written document. 5 It was
made by H. J. Stafford at Dyer's request,
nnd bequeaths to Mary Jane Dyer, sister
in-law of the deceased, the testator's es
tate, which is said to be worth between
$20,000 and $25,000. Instead of Dyer's sig
nature the will is signed with a cross
made by Stafford, and upon this fact is
baaed the contest. The contestant claims
that Dyer was a. man of education and
therefore able to sigh his name.
A contest of the will of John B. Dyer,
who died on the 2d inst., was brought
yesterday by James Dyer, first cousin of
the mother of the deceased. He claims
that when Dy.er made his 'will in Decem
ber, 1S97, while he was ill at St. Mary's
Hospital, he was unduly influenced.
Claims That When Testament Was
Made Mind of the Deceased
Was Unsound.
RELATIVE, FAR REMOVED,
CONTESTS DYER'S WELL
Mrs. Kate O'Donnell. 476 Eighth street,
a widow and the mother of three email
children, became suddenly Insane yester
day afternoon. The woman's .condition
was noticed by several of the neighbors,
who sent word to the Southern Police sta
tion. Patrolmen Hennessy and Morlarlty
went to the home of the unfortunate
woman and removed her to the detention
ward of the Emergency Hospital. '
The ca*e of Mrs. O.Donnell is a pitiful
one. About a year ago her husband died,
leaving, her with three children, all under
12 years of age. Since that time Mrs.
O'Donnell has had a hard time to sup
port herself and her little ones. The fam
ily has been in destitute circumstances of
late and the unfortunate woman found it
impossible to administer to the wants of
her children. '
Mrs. P'Donnell brooded over her troubles
for a long time and of late her mind has
been wandering. She never showed any
signs of violent insanity, however, tin
yesterday afternoon. The three children
have been placed in charge of the matron
at the Emergency Hospital till a home
can be found for them. »
Sad Plight of Mrs. Kate O'Donnell,
the Mother of Three Small
Children.
DIVINING JROD— W. W., Watsonvllle,
Cal. No good reason has yet been given
why a divining rod, usually a forked
willow or hazel branch, used to locate
water or minerals, will turn in the hands
of some people and not In the hands of
others. Not long since nine gentlemen
went to Santa Clara County searching
for water on a tract of land by- means
of the. divining rod. In the hands of
eight different . men, at various spots on
the tract, the rod turned and was vio
lently agitated, while in fhe hands of the
ninth, the same rod on the same spots
was always inactive.
IN the land of steady habits and wooden nutmegs
lived Mr. Bennett, an admirer of William'. J.
Bryan. Mr. Bennett by keen industry had made
a fortune, and advised Mr. Bryan by letter that he
proposed to lea.ve of the same the sum of $50,600 to
him. Bennett is now gathered to his hard-fisted
fathers and Mr. Bryan is in court in New Haven
claiming the legacy. Its payment is resisted by the
widow, and during the hearing of the case Mr. Bryan,
who seems to appear in court as his own attorney,
has, in substantiation of his claim, read a large num
ber of letters from the testator, from which it ap
pears that during his lifetime he was a liberal do
nator to Mr. Bryan's funds. One donation of $3500
is mentioned.
Mr. Bennett seems to have been impressed with,
the divine ratio of 16 to 1 and with Mr. Bryan as its
expounder, hence this effort .to get $50,000 as evi
dence of that impression. Mr. Bryan stated in court
that he. would not make personal use of the money,
unless the widow consents thereto, but proposes, if
the court gave it. to him in spite of the widow's re
sistance, to devote it to charitable and educational
purposes. Nothing is easier than to be philan
thropic with the money of another. But people who
have "wholesome ideas of propriety will conclude
that if Mr. Bennett's money is to be invested in
philanthropy his widow, the wife who wrought by
his side in the acquisition of that wealth, is its proper
almoner, and not a stranger.
It is revealed in the hearing of the case that Mr.
Bryan consulted with - Bennett about '• this bequest
and suggested means of foffifying it -and making it
sure. Had he Tendered service to the testator de
serving such a recognition his present eager pur
suit of the money would have a better appearance.
But there was no such personal service, so that the
affair has a sordid appearance not creditable to Mr.
Bryan. The revelation of Mr. Bennett as a cheerful
giver to Bryan during his lifetime suggests^ that the
peerless orator may have hypothecated his figures of
speech to many others during his scintillant and me
teoric career. .
BRYAN, PHILANTHROPIST.
-WIDOW BECOMES INSANE
FROM CABE ANI> WORRY
FASCINATION BT SERPENTS— 2L.
Petaluma, Cal. The power ascribed to
serpents to b« able to fascinate the small
animals on which they prey hai been
often ridiculed, but It is supported by *
great deal of evidence and has been fully
accepted by a . number of scientific ob
servers. Numerous Instances of fascina
tion are given in the works of Kalra. L«
Valliant, Dr. Andrew Smith and Ell'.s.
noted scientific writer*. Snakes do not
fascinate human beings.
Stricken by conscience, a Wyoming man who par
ticipated as among those present at a recent lynching
has confessed to the authorities 'and has implicated
thirty-five otherwise reputable people" of the State
in the crime. His self-satisfaction, conscience in
spired, is" somewhat clouded by the uncomfortable
fact that every one of the other thirty-five fellows is
possessed by an animated desire to murder him.
8NAKE BLINDNESS— Z., Petaluma.
Cal. Snakes become partially blind sev
eral times a year, at the time they shed
the skin. The skin is always thrown off
by reversing it, so that the ' transparent
covering of the eyes and" that of th»
scale* are always found concave in the
exuviae, Previously the whole cuticle be
comes somewhat opaaue. the) eyes ar»
dim and th« animal is evidently blind;
also becoming more or les» Inactive.
GAME IN ALASKA— Hunter. City. The
killing: of caribou on the Kenal Peninsula
or on the Alaska Peninsula, we3t of
Lake Ilaimna (except for scientific pur
poses under special permit from the De
partment of Agriculture), is prohibited
prior to September 8, 1D0S. Hunting of
deer, moose or caribou with hounda or
other dogs in any part of Alaska is strict
ly prohibited by the act of Congress.
GEORGE FLEMING-M. A. F.. City.
Julia Constance Fletcher., who une «r the
nom de plume of George Fleming wrote
"Kismet" (Boston, 1877). was born !n Pao
Janerro, Brazil In 1853. She was tha
daughter of James Cooley Fletcher, a
missionary.
General Alger and his party will pro
ceed north to-morrow, going direct to
Portland.
Mr. Bliss is much impressed with what
he saw of California Journeying from the
.south, and said that the residents of the-
State have good reason to be proud of the
vast territory of rich lands that they con
trol. Of the country in general he said: .
"Prosperity shows Itself everywhere
you go. We have more money than we
really need and this great surplus is a
splendid guaranty against the develop
ment of a panic." Wall street flurries
mean nothing to the country as a whole.
Through the efforts of speculators artifi
cial values have been given to some of
our market securities, but these have
finally been forced , to a normal basis of
legitimate business and hereafter we will
have less cause to worry about infla
tions."
.'General Alger's prime purpose in com
ing West at this, time was to inspect his
mining: properties in Arizona, t This- he
has already done and he is now bound for
the Northwest to look over his' timber
holdings in .that section. '[; It was his orig
inal j intention, to - spend \ several . weeks on
the coast and most of it in this State, but
the"' recent call for a ; special session of
Congress has caused him. to shorten his
visit. He was not inclined yesterday to
enter Into a diBcuselon of politics, .but he
remarked that everything in the East
suggested that that section of the United
States is solid for Roosevelt, and he said
that he confidently expected' that a re
nomination would be- secured without op
position. Referring to the . canal propoal-.
tion, the General said:
"I am in favor of a canal and will be at
all times. As to a route, I personally
have no choice except one that will prove
the most feasible. If I had my way'tho
Government would set about, building a
canal at once. Th8 cost j of construction
should be a matter of second considera
tion." •
General RuEsell A. Alger, newly elected
United States Senator from Michigan and
former Secretary^of War, accompanied by
ex-Secretary of the Interior Cornelius N.
Bliss' of New York, R. A. Alger Jr. and
Charles Alger, son and nephew respect
ively of the Senator, Henry Standart of
Detroit^ and Major George H. Hopkins
formed a distinguished party that arrived
from , Southern' California yesterday and
registered at the Palace Hotel. \[
EL-LA WILCOX-I*. Santa Clara. Cal.
Ella Wheeler Wilcbx was born in Johns
ton Center, Wls., In 1853. She was edu
cated at the University of Wisconsin. sh 9
married Robert M. Wilcox, and reside
at the Bungalow, Short Beach, Conn.
Manager Briggs of the 3tate Board of
Trade has prepared a letter to be sent to
growers and organizations throughout
the Btate. asking them to" co-operate, and
suggesting ways in whieh they can ren
der invaluable assistance. Work is also
being done In preparation for a system
atic investigation of the subject, both in
this State and In the Eastera»market. to
get at the causes of .present conditions
and particularly to provide a remedy.
Individual fruit growers are writing to
the State Board of Trade commending
the resolution adopted by the board to
provide for an investigation relative to
the returns \ that California farmers re
ceive for their products in the markets.
Lowell C. /Jones, a prominent fruit
prower of Tulare County, has sent a let
ter to President Chlpman of the State
Board of Trade, ' which . is as follows:
Recently I read an account" of resolutions of
the State Board of Trade with reference to the
manner of- sales of California '«"•¦*• o f n ',t
the members of the numerous armr. °' *™"'
srovrer. I wtah personally to expreas my^ ap
preciation to members of the board for their
thoughtful Interest In our behalf- In my
opinion there has never been a » ove ™ en l n t "
the State so filled with benefits for »°™ an >
people as the one you now propose, should its
provisions be fearlessly and fully carried out
No individual or firm would dare to ignore a
protest from «o h!eh and so- Important a Doay
ot citizens, and I am delighted to know "£
movement has besun. The jjoor f™«-*™J£
has seemed for years to be the 14 ' P re^
of sharks, and it looks as though hl» day of
deliverance bad Its dawn In si*ht. I think
perhaps we need protection more from our
professed friends than- from our best *»<""
enemies. Therefore I hope «*uf flrfent latitude
will be given the investigators, that they may
probe to the core. __-i.
Funds will be needed to carry on tkls work
of courro. and I feel sure of prompt financial
and moral support coming from the growers
when an appeal is made to them along tnis
line, for • I hear ' much favorable comment on
the reform movement. Any service I can be
to rour honorable body will be most cheerfully
rendered.
FRIDAY.. - OCTOBER 23, 1903
JOHN D. 5PRECKELS, Proprietor. i(
Artrejs All Communications to JOHN McNAUGOT^Manager.
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator Will Connect
You With the Department You Wish.
rmLICATIOK OFFICE... Market and Third. *». F.'
EDITORIAL. ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Delivered by Carriers, 20 Cta. Per Week, 75 Cts. j
Per Month. • Single Copies 5 Cents.
Timi by Mall. Xnclodliur Po»t*ee <Cash With Ora ' rt "-
DAILT CALL (Including 3on<J*y). earn year '7vU»
DAILT CALL nnciudln* Fund.y). 6 n»nth» +*™
DAILY CALL— By Elzacle Monti. „ ~ *j»*
FUN'DAT CALL. Oa* Tear *¦*•"
WEEKLY CALL, One Ye*r - »
f Dully... «8J>» Pw T «* r Extr *
rCREIGX POSTAGE { gucday.. 4.15 Per Year Extr.
I We«kly.. 1.00 **•* Tear Extr *
AH po.tmaMrr- «re antUoritei to receive
¦nb»crtpt!on«.
Cxmpl* copies will twforwiirdwl rt»a i*que»te«.
SU1I rebBCrtber. !n crterlrr cheaife of »<"r*«» »^ ottW ' j*
t«nl«J!ar to clre both NEW AND OLD ADDItESS In order
tc fciniw a prompt and correct compliance ««h their request.
OAKLAXD OFFICE.
11X8 Hroadrrar Telephone Main 1OS3
BKRICELEY OFFICE.
«14S Center Street Telephone *orth 7.
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
UOHTOX E. CHASE 14OQ G Street. *. W.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
WaMcrf-Attorla Hot«I: A. Erfentano, SI Cnlcn Square:
Uurrar Hill Hotel; Flftb-aretHje Hotel sod Hoffsssn House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Ffe»rrran Hco«e; T. O. News Co.: Great Northern Hotel:
Tremcut Boure; Auditorium Hotel: Palmer Houae.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
«. GEOKGC KROGXESS. . . .Mnrqoette Ilalldlnff
.Lore DUtanee Telephone. "Cegtral 2C19.")
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
*TEFHKX n. SMITH SO Tribune IluILIIner
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CAHLTOS Herald Square
fin AXTH OFFICES— S£7 Montgomery, corner cf Clay, open
ctrttt 9:30 o'clock. 300 Hiyes. op*n until 9:30 o'clock. 633
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. CIS Larkln. open until
* .80 o'clock. 1MI Mieision. cpen until 10 o'clock. 2281
M#rket. corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1093 Va>
Irseia. epen until 9 o'clock. IOC Eleventh, cpen until 9
c clock. NE. corner Church and Duncan streets, opea
tn'.H 0 o'clock. NW. corner Tw*n!y-«econd and Kentucky,
cr«i until V o'clock. *y>0 Flilmore. open until 9 o'clock.
'npHERE was recently published an interview
I with Federal engineers- concerning the use of
* the waters of Clear Lake in an irrigation
scheme in charge of the United States in the Sacra
mento Valley. The Colusa Sun says that the en
gineers have disavowed this interview, and adds that
as the Federal law, contemplates the distribution of
water to tracts of only 160 acres, its application to
the lands of the Sacramento Valley is impossible.
As the editor of the Sun> 'General Green, is the pio
neer irrigation engineer of California, and has knowl
edge of water laws unusual for a layman, his opinion
is entitled to credits The valley lands of this State
have long been in private ownership. It has .been the
popular understanding of the Federal irrigation law
that it applies .to lands in public ownership, which
are to be withdrawn from entry, until the water i$
impounded and ready for distribution, when the
lands are to be opened for entry in tracts not to ex
ceed 160 acres, to be sold at a price which returns the
cost 'of irrigation to the Federal treasury as a re
volving^ fund to be again "applied to the building of
irrigation works elsewhere where the conditions are
the same.
Now, if it be true that the limited holding of 160
acres is applicable to the use of water impounded
and distributed under the Federal law, # and. that the
present owners of our »valley land can • get water for
only that amount of land, no matter how much more
they may own, the policy of depending at all bn the
Federal Government is open, to doubt and debate.
On one hand it may be urged that the effect would
be to break up larger Holdings than .the limited
amount. ' This is desirable. We, like many other
States, inherited the system of land-holding in large
tract?. It"impedes the settlement and population of
the State. Our climatic conditions are such that in
dustrious and intelligent tillers of the soil make more
on less land than elsewhere in the Union. We have
the best field for intensive farming, for the ceaseless
production of high-priced crops of all kinds, and,
over most of our tillable area, for the making of sev
eral crops instead of only one a year. So we pre
sent advantages to the small land-holder that he does
not elsewhere enjoy.,.
But our people have the pride of possession. They
like to own much land, and some stubbornly maintain
their large holdings though their profits from -them
may be small or even though they keep them at a loss.
Those who have this spirit strongly developed are
usually the older settlers of the State, who remem
ber the past profits of stock ranging or wheat grow
ing .on their large pastures or plantations and look
upon intensive farming pf smaller tracts as a modern
innovation which they are not inclined to favor. So
it is probable that they would be disinclined to ac
cepr Federal irrigation if within their reach, and the
law does not compel them to accept the use of the
water. But the availability ot such water would'
make their lands too valuable to lie idle, and business
sense would compel' them finally to cut up their es
tates and sell small tracts to holders who desire to
put the land to its best use by irrigation.
There is a demand for irrigated land in the West
that' promises to increase rather than diminish. In
the valley of the Snake River, in Idaho, from. Idaho
Falls far up beyond St. Anthony, irrigated land sells
readily for $40 to $60 per acre, and the trains from
the East are filled with buyers at that price. Yet
that land was primitively a sagebrush desert, not
even producing wild grass, until it was made fertile
by irrigation. The desert entrymen combined and by
co-operation built- canals, taking the water of the
Snake River, and though the first settlements were
made only fifteen years ago the region now is a pic
ture of rural abundance and resembles the old farm
ing regions of the Middle West. But the altitude
is high, the season is short and the land yields but
one crop a year, except in alfalfa, which may be cut
twice. It seems reasonable that if such land on
those high plateaus commands that price, all irri
gated land in California, with our long season, the
absence of winter and the capacity to produce a great
variety of crops, is actually worth twice or thrice
as much, \ if it be equipped with equal facilities for
irrigation.
As to that equipment, its possibilities are every
where present, but are not always used. General
Green is of the opinion that the district system,
which is co-operative, will again come in vogue, be
cause the land will bear Jthe expense of any irriga
tion works which its owners choose to adopt. But
the problem is, how to get them to act. The Butte
Canal Company has just been compelled to aban
don, its project to take water from Feather River
in a canal to cost $200,000. carrying it down the west
side of that stream, and furnishing* it at $1 50 per
acre for the first ten years and Si per acre thereafter
in perpetuity. That is cheaper than in any of the
plans so far proposed by the Federal Government,
and yet the projectors could get contracts covering
only 4000 acres of land. Twelve year? ago, when the
same system was proposed by other parties, the
contracts covered 12,000 acres.
There should be some means, of ascertaining why
the popularity of irrigation in that fine region has de
clined by two-thirds when measured by. the acreage
willing to accept it. If it be found that in the mean
time individual irrigation by wells and pumping has
taken the place of canal supply by gravity, that will
account for it.- If not, the -present situation implies
retrogression. We are of the opinion that if the
land-holders of California could witness the rush of
buyers to the irrigated deserts of Idaho and Montana
we would see such a revival of irrigation, enterprise
in this State as would not leave out a single acre
that could receive water.
FORMER CABINET
OFFICIALS VISIT
SAN FRANCISCO
BRIGGS SEEKS
THE AID OF THE
FRUIT-GROWERS
SOME ANSWERS
TO QUERIES BY
CALL READERS
say that a -'trade school' upon such; lines and devoted
in the way suggested to the reclaiming of the" vicious
and stupid would not be eagerly sought by the youth
of a different character."- ¦ \'%
We did not so classify the San Luis Obispo schools
nor in any way suggest 'a' semi-penal character, which
if surely has not. Time was that two polytechnic
schools — one in Troy, N. Y., and one in Boston —
supplied the entire demand of the country for train
ing in higher mechanics. But that was in the days
of the open shop and unlimited privilege of appren-,
ticeship. ; In that period of our history the semi
penal State reform school was also practically un
known. But' the open "shop has disappeared: The
enormous immigration -to- this country: has closed
the shops to our native-born youth, and the privilege
of apprenticeship is denied and abridged, so that it
is worthless.. The result is idleness of our youthj
wi^h its rices finally crystallizing into crime, making
necessary the semi-penal institutions "'¦ for the re
straint of incorrigible youth. .
6ut of this condition, caused. by the closed shop,
comes the opportunity that • the *>pen shop formerly
furnished, but which now is had in the excellent'
polytechnic schools,^ of which the one at San Luis
Obispo is the third in California.- We wish it, all*
success. . Such- schools will finally obsolete the ne
cessity for- reform schools entirely — God speed the.
day. ... . 'W; ¦¦:
/ FEDERAL* IRRIGATION.
THE SAN FB ANOISCO CALL. FBXPA Yv OC TOBER 23, 1903,
8
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
FALSE THEOBXES .
Lead to Worthless or Harmful Beme-
. dies.
Stimulating the scalp may allay the
itching of the dandruff, but that does
not cure the scalp. The disease won't 1
yield to quinine or capsicum nor. alcohol,
because it Is caused by a germ or para- :
site. To cure dandruff the germ must be
destroyed. Until recently there was no
hair preparation; or dandruff cure, or
hair restorer on . the market that would
Kill that insidious germ that driei up the
scalp in little scales called dandruff, and
absorbs the vitality, of the hair, causing
falling hair, and finally 4 baldness. New-
bro's Herpidde is. the only really scien-
tific preparation to cure dandruff, pre-
vent falling hair and baldne33. '-Sold by
leading druggists. Send 10c in stamps
for -sample to The Herplcide Co., Detroit
Mich. •..--.
CASTORIA
For Infants and Children.
Ths Kind You Have Always Bought
! I ONE OF BRYSOiYS BALLET GIRLS j !
! I REHEARSING. f j
| FREE WITH NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL. !
5 -f'BrV' 1 ''' v ' " '" ¦ jwhtf^^ ' "¦ ' . -» v. ¦ -¦. v ¦ -¦•'¦ »* -. |
i l£>fltv3Mt t. ** - ¦* ' -. * A*^*RS»y^jS«i633j^^yKE^MWtfiiiuy .¦^¦'/-- ¦ . -.-. -< .-*. j ¦¦.¦¦¦¦ .:¦>¦¦¦ ¦•¦ -;, "^Iwiryj
' : . ?W>AT v rc JFr j jA-jy.^* i x :c--"-- ¦¦ >¦¦¦¦ • ¦¦ >- •¦• jtf> fcjifjN^igK^i a£^Ht2^3»iMfcJ^ xx*jf^y ¦•-¦¦•-• <~ ¦ . ¦ ' . \ - »»!<¦. ¦> m'Jb A-'
I, &mHShSBP* \ "- C* *" ' A3CclK3Wp>gy^f ;." '¦' -i jf - "¦ ' ¦ ¦ ¦ -' ' '•:-'¦- s-VwSfS^"
t gJHHH^^HEBBHHMHHBiSj^^^^^s^^^n^BHBBaHBM " : ¦'^ *¦¦¦¦ ¦•-'*•-> -HJsSt£u
X INTERESTED. j
{ALL MEWSDEALERS AND TRAIN NEWS AGENTS " SELL \
I THE SUNDAY CALL * V <The eighth annual ball of ! Company A,
National Guard, will be held' at Eintracht
Hall, Twelfth street," on" Wednesday even
ing, October 28. The following members
of the company will have the affair ; in
charge: Captain George T. Ballinger,-
LJeutenant Fred Bertrand. "Sergeant
James Riley, Corporal ' William Dusen
berry and Privates John" Mllsner, C. W.
RIdgeway and R. L>. Ennis.
Company A's Annual Ball.
; There Is a tendency to make Weinig a
slight favorite in the betting, as his rec
ord shows victories and draws with men
who are well known, while little is known
of Millet as % professional. Weinig is
training at the Reliance Club and Millet
is working hard near Colma, In San Ma
teo County.
OAKLAND, Oct. 22.— An appearance
forfeit of J209 each^has been posted by
Al • weinigr and Xoe Millet, the principals
In the main event at the boxing exhibition
of. the Reliance Club next Tuesday even
ing. The contestants in the, preliminaries
have also posted forfeits for weight and
appearance.
Principals Failing to Appear
for Contest.
Reliance Club Takes No Chances on
MILLET .AND WEENIG
POST THK1K FORFEITS
The Third Artillery Band, under the di
rection of Armand Putz, will give an
open-air concert at the Presidio this after
noon from 3:30 to 4:30. The following pro
gramme will be rendered:
March, "Coronation for [ the Prophet" ....
,~. ........ Meyerbeer
Overture. "Light Cavalry" '• Suppe
Waltz. 'The Pre»ldlq" .............. .A. Puts
Selection, "Bohemian CMrl" Balfe
Characteristic, "Laughing Water" ...... Ilager
Popular two-step, "The Cat's Parade...
• •' .Lee Johnson
Concert at ' Presidio.
Jordan is still in London and probably
will be notified by cable to-day that tho
match is off. There is a "well* defined
opinion that Jordan is a back number and
that Young Corbett picked him up be
cause he was easy game. The public ap
parently wants to see Young Corbett and
Eddie Hanlon in the ring again and Levy
will try to arrange this match to-day.
Morris Levy, manager of the Hayes
Valley Athletic Club, has experienced a
change of heart in the matter of having
Young Corbett fight Ben Jordan here in
December.
Manager Levy Experiences Change
of Heart and Will Try to Substi
tute Hanlon for Englishman.
JORDAN-CORBETT MATCH
MAY BE DECLARED OFF
Isadore Jacoby, 220 Third street, secre
tary of the Cloakmakers' Union, is miss
ing and thu police have been asked to
find him. Several days ago Jacoby left
a note at the headquarters of the* union
in which he threatened to end his life.
He had some trouble, the nature of which
is not known, and his friends believe that
he has carried out his threat.
May Have Ended His Life.
Th© third San Francisco Photographic
Salon, which is being held at the l^ark
Hopkins Institute of Art under the Joint
auspices of the San Francisco Art Asso
ciation and the California Camera Club,
affords lovers of the beautiful in art a
treat which none should miss. The salon
is unquestionably the most successful yet
held in San Francisco, the exhibits having
been selected by a competent and pains
taking jury with the utmost care. All
who are interested in photography* will
be pleased with the exhibit.
The Photo Secession of New York has
an exhibit of nearly 100 pictures, each
one a gem in its way, while the salon
itself contains the best work of photog
raphers from all parts of the world. The
exhibit may be seen to-day and" to-mor
row, from 9 a. m. to 5 p. m., the last op
portunity being afforded to-morrow even
ing, October 24, when there will be the
additional attraction of a superb concert-
Art Association and Camera Club
Hold Third Salon at Hopkins
- Institute.
BEAUTIFUL PHOTOGRAPHS
PLACED ON EXHIBITION
Performance at Tivoli Seems lake
Dress Rehearsal, Stage Manage
ment Being Lacking.
A performance amazingly amateurish as
a. who'.e for the Tivoli was the "Andre
Chenicr" of last 'evening'. The first two
' acts of the opera were literally nothing
more than a dress rehearsal, with an oc
casional gieam of the ensemble spirit.
Principals, chorus and orchestra shared
alike In the general slackness, with the
; exceptions of Greeoretti, Ischierdo and
Cortesl. who were sufficient and sympa
thetic. The stage management was want-
Ing and the whole thine lacked in tone and
ppirit. It was not until the third act that
things pulled themselves together, and
then came an achievement that was as
pood as the preceding acts were bad.
True, it would be a wooden company in
deed that would not rise to the inspira
tion of . the scene, but it waa eiven all
around with a brilliancy that recalled the
wonderful performance of last year.
Gregoretti's Glrard was eminently ca
pable. He fulfilled handsomely the ex
acting dramatic requirements of the role
find pang nobly. Ischierdo, though his
Chester lacks the vocal sweetness and
eomething of the poetry o f Agostinl's in
terpretation, has perhaps a more vivid
dramatic thrill. Like all his work, it
was notably intelligent. Benedetto, who
suggests with difficulty the young and
beautiful inamorata of Chenier. redeemed
the uncertainty of her earlier work of
the evenir.e: with a splendid third act.
She has done nothing better this season.
Her voice, at its best of notable beauty,
came out sslendidly. and she lifted to
the tragedy of the scene. Marchesini's
blind mother w?.g an excellent bit and
deservedly gained much favor. Miss Bar
ker was the Eersi. and, though unsure of
her part, yet showed' a pleasing vocal
equipment, temperament and cultivation.
Dado, always useful, filled In In small
parts, with Cortesi competent in the
others.
The opera itself gains largely on ac
quaintance, and when it gets to going
at Tivoli le\-els. and at tne height of last
night's third act, will rival even "La Bo
heme" In popularity.
BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
AMATEURISH PRODUCTION
OF "ANDRE CHENIEB."
Thoroughbreds are beginning to arrive
by carloads for the winter race meeting of
the New California Jockey Club, and the
question of stable room Is already becom
ing a problem hard to solve.
The Burns & Waterhous« string, In
cluding Rockaway and Corrlgan, arrived
yesterday. Trainer Patterson will be here
shortly. Clement Pierce, who accompa
nied the horses, says a number of big- sta
bles will come here instead of. going to
New Orleans. Among tbese will be the
horses of Mr. Newman, owner of Don
Dorao, the fastest two-year-old about
Chicago this season.
John Schorr will be here with Olym
pian, Gold Bell and others. Jimmle Cof
fey, who has been racing at St. Louis,
arrived yesterday with eleven horses.
•Trainer Pomeroy arrived with Fossil
and Planet. The former was the best
handicap horse in the Northwest. Sam
Jones also brought Forest King and Mls
ty's Pride, daughter of the famous mare
Misty Morn.
Fordham McDonald brought Resigned,
which has developed into a shifty fllly.
I. Moorehouse will arrive shortly with six
horses from Warren Springs. Tom Burns
will be here with a dozen from St. Louis.
Applications are pouring in from all over,
the country for stalls. ' Many of these
must be refused owing to overtaxed ac
commodations.
Stable Accomodations on Jockey Club
Tracks Are Already Crowded.
THOROUGHBREDS ARRIVING.
Colonel Alexander Mackenzie, Major H.
B. Moon. Major W. E. Blrkhimer and
Captain G. W. Read hnve been ordered
by General MacArthur to meet at Hono
lulu as soon as possible and to select the
site for a central military post on the
island of Oahu. The officers will sail
from San Francisco on the Sierra, which
leaves this port October 29.
Senator Alger and ex-Secretary Bliss
made a formal call upon General MacAr
thur at army headquarters yesterday.
Lieutenant Colonel Robinson, who re
turned from the Philippines a few weeks
ago, has been ordered to again proceed
to Manila.
Frank C. Meekin, formerly of the
Thirty-seventh Volunteer Infantry, was
released from Alcatraz prison yesterday.
The convict deserted from his regiment in
the Philippines and subsequently joined
the Insurgent forces. He was recaptured,
court-martialed and sentenced to deafh
for treason. His sentence was commuted
to twenty years' imprisonment. He gets
his freedom for good behavior by the ex
ercise of executive clemency.
Military Authorities at Alcatraz
Prison Are Ordered to Re- ;
lease Prank Meekin. ¦
NOTORIOUS RENEGADE .
IS GIVEN HIS FREEDOM
ELOPES WITH BLACKSMITH,
LEAVING CHILDREN BEHIND
Woman Well Known in Sausalito
Surprises Friends by Running
Away. '
SAUSALITO, Oct 22.— Sausalltans were
surprised this afternoon when it was
learned that Mrs. Eugene Cramer had
left for parts unknown with a blacksmith
named Robert Israel. She left her two
little children,. aged 4 and 6 years, behind.
The Cramers are well known in Marin
County and Cramer Is very popular here.
Israel, who had been working for J. Jew
ett In North Sausalito, is not well known.
That the couple were acquaintances was
a secret and the (act was kept from her
husband.
First to speak was the Rev. W. S. Holt,
D. D., his subject being "A Message from
the Board." in which the reverend gen
tleman toM of progress made and what
was still needed to further the usefulness
of the missionary field. Dr. Holt's meth
od of addressing his audience was not
alone interestinc but at times was thor
oughly humorous. He was heartily ap
plauded at the close of his remarks.
The Rev. E. E. Baker, D. D., also ad
dressed the assemblage on "Home Mis
sions."
The session will be resumed at 9 o'clock
this morning and will be continued
throughout the day and evening.
HEAR ENCOURAGING WORDS.
; The afternoon session of the synod was
i devoted also to hearing reports and some
: stirring addresses. It was decided that
; the home mission committee shall meet
j twice a year and that the railroad ex
penses of one of these meetings shall be
, paid by the church.
The Rev. W. G. White read a report of
the committee on foreign missions, in
which lt was stated that the work had
proved to be a triumphant success. The
call from the whole world, said the re
port, had never come with such force as
now. In response to the call for 214 men
something less than 100 had offered them
selves for missionary work. Addresses
were delivered by the Rev. Thomas Mar
shall, D. D., field secretary representing
the board of foreign missions; the Rev.
Richard Willey. D. D.. and the Rev.
James M. Newell, D. D.
The evening session was devoted to ad
dresses on "Home Missions," the Rev.
James Mitchell presidine.
The report shows that the board of
California had but fourteen missionaries
in the field In 1S97. while to-day it is rep
resented by twenty-one" missionaries and
possesses a constituency in the State of
Calif ornia* of more than 10,000; that during
the year the board had received and dis
bursed 920.636 47. The sum of $11,520, lt
was announced, had been apportioned to
the Occidental board by the general as-
Eembly for the purpose of conducting and
increasing mission work in foreign lands.
Besides supporting missionaries and
schools in foreign fields the board is spon
sor for three schools in. San Francisco,
where boys and girls are educated.
Mrs. Gow Wing, the house to house
visitor and the first convert to Christian
ity under the guidance of the board, is
reported to be doing heroic work, having
visited 230 Chinese houses, 395 rooms, 500
women and 798 Chinese children, with
the result that the congregation Is
growing and the number of scholars in
creasing.
Mrs. Cyrus S. Wright announced the
contemplated purchase of a twenty-five
foot lot at the east side' of the mission
home, 920 Sacramento street, and earnest
ly appealed to the friends of the work to
aid in the purchase by procuring blocks
of stock.
The assemblage heard tho annual re
port of Mrs. L. A. Kelley, the general
secretary of the Occidental board, which
gave the information that there were
three new missionaries this year— the
Rev. Clarence D. Harriott, who has gone
to Hanchow; Miss Ednah Bruner, who
has departed for Bankok, and Dr. and
Mrs. H. C. Whiting, who will sail this
morning for Korea on the Siberia.-
GROWTH OP THE WOBK.
It was the second day session of the
Presbyterian Synod_pf California, which
is meeting at Calvary Presbyterian
Church, and the women of tho Occidental
Board of Foreign Missions and Synodical
Society of Home Missions were present in
large numbers.
Tho synod was presided over by the
newly elected moderator, the Rev. Dr.
Walker.
"Women enthusiastic In the . cause of
home and fjorelgn missionary work proved
their great executive ability yesterday,
when they read reports of the last .year
and discussed tho philanthropic subject
so near to their hearts. , >
STOCKTON, Oct. 22.— The High Court
of the Independent Order of Foresters
voted this morning to recognize compan
ion courts in the order. The action was
taken just prior to adjournment and was
about the most important thing considered
during the* whole session.
The admission of women into the order
had been talked of and the delegates
came to Stockton fully prepared for the
issue. Past High Chief Ranger -O. S.
Cooper of Valiejo, who presided at the
session, was one of the foremost in ad
vocating the recognition of companion
courts. He appointed the following com
mittee at the beginning of the session to
consider th© matter: F. F. Skelly, John
Fairwe»ther,.J.. P. Murphy, M. F..Qulnn
and G. ,W. Hoyle. The committee brought
in a favorable report this morning and it
was adopted with but slight opposition.
The installation of the new grand offi
cers who were eWcted yesterday also took
place this morning. Deputy Supreme
Chief Ranger William R. Uber of Los
Angeles installed the California officers.
The session of the High Court finally ad
journed at 12 o'clock.
Special Dispatch to The CaJl.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 22.— The most sen
sational episode . ever witnessed In the
Los Angeles Police Court was the en
forced appearance there to-day of beau
tiful Mrs. Max Basch, who faced Judge
Chambers as she lay on a airetcher. One,
night last week Mrs. Basch told a har
rowing tale about having been gagged,
beaten, robbed and chloroformed by a
tramp. Her tale was discredited, but she
swore to a complaint accusing John .8.
Hennessey, a former fireman, of the
crime. Hennessey was arrested and
made affidavit that he bound and gagged
the woman at her own request, and pro
duced a note from her to that effect. Her
purported object waa a ."josh" , on her
husband, but lt came ; to the police that
there are other things- back of the strange
proceeding.
To-day. Hennessey was arraigned and
Mrs." Basch and her husband positively
refused to appear. The woman pleaded
illness, 'disrobed, went to bed and the of
ficers were turned away. The. family doc
tor was called upon by the police and he
gave a- certificate to the effect that Mrs.
Basch was not too ill to appear. There
upon a bench warrant was issued for the
couple and an ambulance sent to bring
her In and she was taken to court with
out dressing. She declared that she would
rot in Jail rathtr than appear; but 'she and
her husband to-night gave $500 bond each
to be on hand Monday, when the case, will
be called again.' ' •.
The police declare there Is too much
crime to work out false alarms and they
propose to make an example of this case.
: - • .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
New Grand Officers of the
Order Receive Their
/ Honors.
False Story of Crime Vexes
the Southern Author
ities.
Work in Missionary Fields
Calls for Increased
Assistance.
Foresters Take Impor
tant Action at Stock
ton Session.
Devote Time arid Labor
to Spreading Relig
ion Broadcast
Los Angeles Police Com
pel a Woman's At
tendance.
WOMEN STRIVE
IN GOOD CAUSE
GOES TO COURT
ON A STRETCHER
WOMEN'S COURTS
ARE RECOGNIZED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, ', FRIDAY, ;': OCTOBER 23, 1903.
9
• AMUSEMENTS.
m 1M itABIM TKEATBi
THIS WEEK AND NEXT WEEK.
Seats Ready for All Remaining Performance*.
Every Nlyht, Including Sunday.
Matinee Saturday.
Robert Edeson
(Management Henry B. Harris.)
In Richard Harding Davis'
SOLDIERS OF FORTUNE.
Sta«re Version by Augustus Thomas.
Coming — "THE STORKS." A Musical Fantasy.
CRANDSSmi;
Four, Weeks— NOVEMBER U to 28th.
Matlreea Wed. and Sat. Each Week.
SALE OF SEATS OPENS
THURSDAY, October 29, a£ 9 a. m.
KLAW & ERL ANGER'S
Stupendous Production of General Wallace's
BEN HUR
Dramatized by William Toucr.
Music by Edgar StUlman Ketley.
3 5O — Persons in Production — 35O
. No stats laid aside before opening sale.
PRICES— ?2. SI 50, $1 and 75c.
Country and Suburban mail orders with re-
mittances filled in order received after sale
opena. '
IfAblFQmTnr
I TO-NIGHT S THE NIGHT. ]g\
SPECIAL — Dancing contest for coast
championship and purse. Pickaninny
champions against all comers.
. A Future Worth GoistT Miles to Set.
MATINEE TO-MORROW.
IIN OLD
KENTUCKY.
T1 Sunday. Mason and Mason in 1 CCDB
"Rudolph and Adolph." 1^
H EL AT RU
CAN TOU BEAT THIS? AVERAGING 1762
NIGHTLY.
The Whole City Coming to See
| XHE PAWADERs"!
Our "All-Star" : Cast, Including
KOLB AND DILL.
BARNEY BERNARD.
WINFIELD BLAKE.
HARRY HERMSEN.
MAUDE AMBER.
GEORGIA ORAMEY.
RESERVED SEATS— Night. 2.V. 50c and
75c. Saturday and- Sunday Matinee*. 25c and
60c.. Children at Matinees, 10c and 25c.
NEXT— "RUBES AND ROSES." '
A GREAT SHOW EVERY AFTERNOON
' AND EVENING IN THE THEATER.
DON'T FAIL TO SEE
THE COLORED BABY
IK THE 1N7ANT INCDBATOS.
Lion Slaying: Baboon in the Zoo.
LOTS OF FUN IN THE PENNY ARCADZ
ADMISSION, 10c; CHILDREN, 5c-
: When Phonlnt Ask for "The Chutes."
WbbMf Can $1.00 fier Year
DOAN'S KIDNEY PILLS.
"brought to light.
i ' — "— "
San Francisco People Receiving^ the
Fall Benefit.
There have been many cases like the
following in San FrancisOo. Every one
relates the experience of people we know.
These plain, straightforward statements
will do much toward relieving the suf-
fering of thousands. Such testimony will
be read with interest by many people.
A. C. F. Bernecker, miner of 742_Iioward
street, says: '.'There came to my notice
some time ago an undoubted case of kid-
ney and bladder trouble, where the party
was so annoyed from the kidney secre-
tions, particularly at night, that it en-
tailed loss of sleep and as a consequence
lack of energy ensued the following day.
The kidney "secretions contained so much
acid that they scalded; in fact, some-
times were particularly painful. A course
of the treatment of Doan's Kidney Pills
was taken and much to the surprise of
ttie party and more to Ms, gratification
the incontinence ceased. '
For sale by all) dealers. Price 50 cents.
Foster-MUburn Co., Buffalo, N. Y., sole
agents for the United States.-
Remember the name, Doan's, and take
no substitute.
Q visit DR. JORDAN'S GRtAT $
fMUSEUMiOF flHITOyy*
0 C3} 10S1 iaBm w - *•*• 6 ' l * 7ti - GT. w. A
\ 9r The Larrest AaatOBleal Musetun ia tlic \
A twr'it ' Worl *¦ "•••*«•*»« •» *ay conirictcd A
1 fiS 2sn dlse*»e r"»""" >l r «•¦»«* by the oldot Y
Q iJrS! Speci»li»ton the Co 1st Ii jt. 36 yciri. 9
iflS?S DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN 4
f fifiSfta ConutlMtioa free and strictly printe, \'
I afpga TrMtraeBt penoMlly er by letter. A A
fl 17 <«H r—itit CWflacretTcutuBdenakea. .T
P f '.'¦ n A "'- Writ* for Book. raiLOlOPBV «f A
I I f 11^ lAaBIADK. MAILEO PREB. ( A f
A O |J,,;.'»«lo»ble book for mm) i
T OB. JOBDAN AC©.'. 1051 Market tSL.S. F. f
ATVEHTISEMENTS.
TOOK A STRAW VOTE.
Interesting Experiment in a Restau-
rant. ¦
An advertising agent, representing: a
prominent New York magazine, while on
; a recent western trip, was dining one
evening in a Pittsburg restaurant.
While waitine for his order he glanced
over his newspaper and noticed the ad-
vertisement of a well known dyspepsia
preparation, Stuart's Dyspepsia Tab-
lets; a3 he himself was a regular user
of the tablets, he began speculating as
to how many of the other traveling men
In the dining room were also friends of
the popular remedy for indigestion.
He says: I counted twenty-three men
at the tables and In the hotel office I
took the trouble to Interview them and
was surprised to learn that nine of the
twenty-three made a practice of taking
ona or two of Stuart's Dyepepsia Tab-
lets after each meal.
One of them told me he had suffered so
much from stomach trouble that at one
time he had been obliged *to quit the
road, but since using Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets had been entirely free from in-
digestion, but he continued their use, es-
pecially while traveling, on account of
irregularity in meals and because like all
traveling men he was often obliged to eat
what he coud get and not always what
he wanted.
Another, who looked the ' picture of
health, said he never ate a meal without
taking a Stuart Tablet afterward be-
cause he could eat what he pleased and
when he pleased without fear of a sleep- |
less night or any other trouble.
Still another used them because he was |
subject to gas on stomach, causing pres- ;
sure on heart and lungs, shortness of
breath and distress in chest, which he
no longer experienced since using the
tablets regularly.
Another claimed that Stuart's Dyspep-
sia Tablets was the only safe remedy he
had ever found for sour stomach and
acidity. He had formerly used Common
soda to relieve the trouble, but the tab-
lets were much better and safer to use.
After smoking, drinking or other ex-
cesses which weaken -the digestive or-
gans, nothing restores the stomach to a
healthy, wholesome condition so effectual-
ly as Stuart's Tablets.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets contain the
natural digestives, pepsin, diastase, which
every weak stomach lacks, as well as
nux, hydrastin and yellow parilla, and :
can be safely relied on as a radical
cure for every form of poor digestion.
Sold by druggists everywhere.
AMUSEMENTS.
AT f^ A Hf A T3 * Mayer.
General Manager.
"THE BEST STOCK COMPANY
EVER AT THE ALCAZAR"— CALL
TO-NIGHT—THIS WEEK ONLY.
ENORMOUS HIT— GREAT CROWDS!
C. THE «T7«
O1A/BO JL
¦^d T A T*IV C-yJiFiUa'i
The XJj\U I Corneay-Drum
Evg., 25c to 75c; Mats. Sat & Sun.. 15c to 50c
Next Monday — The Drama of Romance.
UNDER THE RED ROBE.
BASEBALL !
PACIFIC COAST LEAGUE.
RECREATION PAJIK.
EIGHTH AND HARRISON-
CHAMPIONSHIP GAMES.
THURSDAY AND FRIDAY, 3 P. M.; SAT-
URDAY, S P. M.
SUNDAY. 2:30 P. M.
OAKLAND vs. SACRAMENTO.
LADIES 1 DAYS THURSDAY AND FRIDAY.
Advance Bale, g Stockton St. '¦:'-¦.
LECTURES AND CONCZBTS.
.^gere* stedtWay sall,
:fplBfinP " Tl18 ] " liihk "
1&$BBtgg!&%P'' 3 "With Experiments in
amusements: \5
A VAUDEVILLE CARNIVAL '
Waterbury Brothers and Tenney;
Whistling Tdm Browne; Herbert
Lloyd, assisted by Lillian Ull
yan and New Motion Pictures^
' Last tinies of Colombino; Sister i
Rappo; Three Crane Brothers;
Wallace Brownlow; A. F. Ho stow
and the Golden Gate Quartet and
Fanny Winf red.
Reserved Seats 23c!Ba"eony io«f
Box Seata and Qper* Chair* "iijHJ*
9 I VWUl HOUSE; I
XOTB— Performances begin at 8 rharp, 8at«
urday Matinee at 2 sharp. s
TO-BIOHT— •
AND SATURDAY XIGHT.
Puccini's Girat Modern Op»ra, , .*
"1-A BOHEMB,"
Saturday Matinee and Sunday Night, vl
Giordano's Masterpiece.
"ANDRE CHENIER."^
Next week— "The Masked Ball" and "Andir
Cbenler " \\l
PRICED AS USUAL— 25c. 50c. T5c ''*
«V Telephone Busa ».
CuB9B B jfiEHKjA3ittBQM&99*H0QBS B ft400^0 a 4 ft AiBbKiHB B fi^(
** • ' "^ Propiiitorn. >
Market St.. Xear Eighth. Phone South &*j.
TO-NIGHT— LAST THREE NIGHTS.
MATINEES TO-MORROW AND SUNDAT. *
Immensa Success of the Famous Border DramaJ
The Distinguished Actor,
L. R. STOCKWBLL -S
In the Role of JUDGE PROSE.
pDIfCC Evpnlrgra 10c to SOel
riUWCj Matinees 10c. 15c. **r
Week of October 2S. Mammoth Production.-'
of VUNCLE TOM'S CABIN." Tl
GPAN_DSo E u lt
MATINEE TO-MORROW.
LAST TWO MCHTS:
THE
CHRISTIANS
BEGINNING HEXT SUNDAY MATINEE.
THE MUSICAL FARCE-COMEDY.
SPOTLESS 1T0WN;
PRICES— Evenings 13c.* 23e. 50c. 73O" 5
• . Matinees 13c. 2Sc. SOaj
! MISCELULNEOUS AMUSEMSNTa.
BOX'OTnCS K0W O?EX AT r\i •/-»£>
8H|R3tAS. CLAT * CO.'S |J|JoO;
And Ills Metropolitan Op-ra-House Orchestra
With MADAME NORDICA
Mrs. Katharine Fisk. Mr. Hihan Franko.[ '
tONCEBTS AT ALSAMBBA TKXATXTB
i Evenings Oct. 27-29. Matinee Oct. 2S-30.-
PRICES— *3." $2. $1; Box Seats. $3 SO and I*.
Wednesday. "Pop" Matinee — 50e to 12. -.
OAKLAND. WEDNESDAY NIGHT. OCT." 28th.
With NORDICA.
Next— ELLERyg ITAUAN BAND.
. iiii. x. hess.
Notary PnUlo and Attorn sy-at-Iiaw.
Tenth Floor. Room 1015. Claus SprecHel* bldj.'}
Telephone Main 9S3.
Residence. 521 CallfcrnU St.. below PowmU. *
Residence Telephone James 1501.
Green Trading Stamps
' ' Given With All Purchases
Women's Skirts at Nearly One-Half I
TO-DAY we will give another grand opportunity to secure- a I!
warning and dress skirt at nearly ONE-HALF the regular sell- E |
ing prices. These are part of a big fall shipment of goods that
were received direct from a New York manufacturer only yesterday. 1 J
94.45—About 250 skirts in this lot in all the latest stylish mix- l<
tures; prettily strapped and tailored. Regular $6.50 values. f|
$5.45 — 200 skirts in a fine combination £>f styles; all new mix- |j
tures; full sweep and all sizes; best values offered this season. Worth r j
$7.50 regularly. }j
$5.95 — Over 100 plain colored skirts, handsome light and dark Fj
mixtures; the late Shcpard plaids and many other effects; every one r|
is man tailored; beautifully finished and strapped- . '. \. '.::/"y;k' if
Women's Women's 1
Underwear. Tailored Hats, j
A few'choice bargains from our Here are. three very moderate
women's depart- P"ce hats that are absolutely up [j
™* includin, «he «r,r b M « |
Btyles of the inson. ?.1.4S_Th« e hats are made H
Skirts* °^ a m ' xe d material' in all shade? ll
__ , r , ,. , . and on all shapes; they are bound M
50c_Made of fine teasle down with vclvet and trimmed with R
with wide flounce, silk embroid- w ; nRS , birds, quills, etc. I
ered scallops. Colors, pink and ?2.0O— The "Golf"— a' rolling U
white and blue and white. • r i m French sailor. with band and fj
Gowns ' t" n( H n S of shaded . felt. They n
uunua. come brown, navy, red and cas- f!
— Made of heavy striped tor. Just the hat for a school girl. M
flannelette with collar, cuffs and 91.08 — Neat and pretty pom- |j
tucked yoke of plain colored flan- padour shape in oxford, navy and Ft
Inel to match; full length and black. Also a neatly made un- n
width. An exceptional bargain. trimmed turban. . . *^
I AIAVAY^RELIABLB I I
W 1238-1250 MARKET STj««»« I
ADVEKTISEMEirTS.
') ;)'
Mrs. Rosa Adams, niece of the late General
Roger Hanson, C. S. A., wants every woman
to know of the wonders accomplished by
Lydia E* Pinkham's Vegetable Compound*
" Deab Mrs. Phtkham : — I cannot tell you with pen and ink what good
Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound did for me, suffering from
the ills peculiar to the sex, extreme lassitude and that all gone feeling. I
would rise from xnr bed in the morning feeling more tired than when I •went
to bed. but before* I had used two bottles of Lydia E. Pinkham's Vege-
table Compound. I began to feel the buoyancy of my younger days return-
ing, became regular, could do more work and not feel tired than f had ever
been able to do before, so I continued to use it until I was restored to perfect
health. It is indeed a boon to sick women and I heartily recommend it.
Yours very truly, Mbs. Eosa Adams, 8UPl2th St., Louisville, Ky." ,
Any women who are troubled with ir-
/^^^^^K regular or painful menstruation, weak-
J||||3g2§j||jj^ ness, leucorrhoea, displacement or ulcer-
/^t^^^^f^^^^L ation of the womb, that bearing-down
J^^^^^^^^^^k feeling, Inflammation of the ovaries, back-
Jiiais^iilslslSft ache » S eneral debility, and nervous pros-
JgJslgR S\MM&£m tration, should know there is one tried
MJoffiak. an d true remedy, Lydia E. Pinkham's
pC>i^»^^*^^^^^^w Vegetable Compound. Ko other medicine
J^l^^^ffl^M^^^^ffl for women has received such wide-spread
E^yfl^wjl^^^mSfiBH and unqualified indorsement. >*o other
B^^^«!^^^^^^ medicine has such arecord of female cures.
\-^^r*i^^^K^S " Deab Mks. Pikkham: — I am very pleased
&s>^V *° recommend Lydia E. Pinkham's y ege-
j^K^w 1 fi^^X^KSV table Compound for womb and ovarian difiicul-
»^^u M. &&§&% *&&3 ties from which I have been a sufferer for years. It
tffi|^g j^^PtA^^T was t^ e on^y m^icioe which was at all beneficial,
lBBBE^**^^^sj^SQ^g and within a week after I started to use it, there
V&&>*" -v\< \£^S^v5^?Jr was a ST^eat chang-e in my feeling's and looks. I
used it for a little over three months, and at tho
w§2&^^lifeiirSp^y end of that time I suffered no pain at the menstrual
period, cor was I troubled with those distressing
TeSj53£^|5|3^r pains which compelled me to go to bed, and I have
not had a headache since. This is nearly a year
r . i "£' ! O*r ago. I always keep a bottle on hand, and take a
ffew doses every week, for I find that it tones up the system and keeps me
feeling strong, and I never have that tired out feeling any more,
" I certainly think that every woman ought to try this grand medicine,
for it would prove its worth. Yours very truly, Miss Eleib Danfobth, 203
De Soto St., Memphis, Tenn."
FREE MEDICAIi AX>VICB TO WOMEN.
Don't hesitate to write to Mrs. Pinkbam. She will understand
your case perfectly, and will treat you with kindness. Her advice
is free, and the address is Lynn, Mass. No woman ever regretted
having written her, and she has helped thousands.
ApAAA FORFEIT W w«c*naotfcrtiwitk produce tb« origin** letters and fJgnatnreB of
V H t r • s t i »bor» Vo*tuacci*ii, wUcii will prer« their ab*olut« genniriene«s.
W W \*\}%i tgr*l» E- KafchMB M«d. Co., Lynn, Hill,
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
~~~ f . ' '"""" J - ~~
IKeUke'Vt Oittnnt sceozzplisbes Mtoa* I
«liicscur«sof s;.iad ( .ze£«*,fcfif r tb* most H
powerful lull I imI rexaeCio t.*.f lulled. H
**—r lai'.t'nf XMr r»rt »rHn Jltiikrirt A"ap H
aae ISnsktil't Ointment v:.-\ lt will o-jW k!jr I
n-s-ov e *:i C*o:ct!ts, P:L:p*t-», KrupiMES H.
•ncl Kr-.-ts. C;irr» Tetttr. Kri-sij^lr.*, Ktlt I?
•Rlw^ci, -v^'-i liwiii. ite*i, Kingwcnaa. \l
Ulcrrt P.;<-s, Earbtrt Itch: re! it vet and ¦
| i- ¦-. Una i -.. . Bo*Sd& ¦ "Jr.; '§ t£c tit la 1
* soft rtd ">•» c;:f^l. l'rescrioed Lt rby- K
C «:<-!»r> fi'-J.a.f»f»afarv. At f.nzEZistaUic. R
ll fc-nd lor ir«K book cf :• i"_^r-r.'j is. i r
'A *rii: hies, ;:- ut^it * t 'j., r>r»«clffcii_ {•|
Rheumatism
Brlfht'i c. *.'.)¦», brirk <Juft iepos'.t. be^-
».-etttnx. eravel, Crcpty. £Sabetea.
Cured with j^jigk
One Bottle /
McBurney's /^$*
Kidney and tj <yW
Bladder Cure r* f
"Relief Jn 20 ttiln- •*•¦* > A
utrs. Expr+rs jjr«- ' -^^» "^'^
pBJd $1 60. S*r.d C5c to W. F. McBur-
r.ey for five day** treat nwr.t.
22C fi. £prtne «t., Los Angeles. Sola
tj drursrUts.
' * " '-' "• <¦¦' ' *
DaiorA D0NT FAIL TO
I aiaVV , ee ' the beautiful
j . - COUR2* Lounging
5|fid room, the EMPIRE
ttUU PARLOR, the
n j^" PALM ROOM, the
llTflfla LOUIS XV PAR.
ui aim LOR tbt u^
R^^ rt l« DIES' WRITING
P^^WbH nB a H 1 iffLOXDON. Oct. 22. — The widow of Rev-
Charles Spurgeon. the noted preacher died
to-day. .,/.,:.
By the Chicago Inter Ocean.
First race— Frank M, Mary Moore,
Paul "Whaley.
Second, race — Glenrlce, Tancred,
Sarah Maxim.
Third "race — Dick Bernard, Golden
Rule, Grand Opera. %;';*
Fourth race — Louisville, Charley
Thompson, Bard of Avon.
Fifth race — Wainamoinen, Man
sard, Coruscate.
Sixth race— Ralph Young, Soldier
of Fortune, I*a Chaperone.
WORTH SELECTIONS.
Sixth race, six furlongs, selling— Blandforii
100. BanweH 100. Blackwolf 10f>. Soldier bf
Fortune 100, Instrument 100, Louis Kraft IPO.
Virginia Boy 97. Annora J 97. Carmellta 97.
Ralph Young 95. Coroner Kelly 95, Trapsetter
95, Plea 95, La Chaperone 92.
Fifth race, seven furlongs — Benckart 112. Ex
amjner 110. Coruscate 107, Mansard 107, Waina
molnen 105.' Galathee 105. Premiis 105, Whisky
King 105, Bob Farrell 102, Clausus 100, Jiiax
as. 0". -;<".. ::•.-
Fourth race, one mile and seventy yards.
selling— Alfred C 110. St. Slmonlan 107. Bard
of Avon 107. Charlie Thompson 105, Fronts, 104,
Atttla 102. Alee 99. Louisville 99.
Third race, six furlonrs, handicap— Golden
Role 126. Grand Opera lift. Dick Bernard X02.
Olympian 113, Scorpio 105. Falrbury 96, Clangor
85. (Grand Ope"ra and Bernard, Smathers" en
try.)
W0RT9 ENTRIES.
CHICAGO. Oct. 22.— Entries:
First race, one mile, selling — Captain Hamm
110. James J. Corbett 110. Ledus 107. Benson
Caldwell 107 Paul Whaley 107. 'Charlie Grain
ger 107. Sweet Tooth 105. Mary Moore 1C2.
Icenl 102. Oscar 102. Frank M 102. Ponca 102.
Harvester 102. Hickory Corners 1C2, Shopun
102, Atheola 102.
Second race, one and a sixteenth miles, sell
ing — Glenrlce 102. Tancred 109, Sarah Maxim
10n Fair Lady Anna 98, Mezzo 97, Odran 90.
Boundary SO.
Time. 1:12 3-6. Start good. Won m canter.
Winner. C. A. Johnson & Ox's ch. h. by Reg
lster-Emma Gregg. Louis Wagner 110. Rag
Tag 105, Floral Wreath 100, Nervator 103,
Beautiful and Best '106. also ran.
SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs; MlHnx:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. « Fin.
11 to 6— Bummer. 103 (J. Booker). 1115
9 to 2— H. McDanlel. 102 (Wilson) 7 6 3 n
9 to 2— Stem Winder. 103 (Ferrell) 6 4 3 tM
Time, 2:08. Start good. Woo easily. Win
ner. V. Hughes & Co.'s ch. c. by Troabador-
XTnadllla. El Ghor 89, Chicago Girt 97. Iraacl
ble 102. also ran." . .*.£•
-FIFTH RACE — One and a quarter miles;
selling:
Betting. Horse. "Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
0 to 1 — Tancred, 100 (Wilson).... 1111
8 to 5— Dodle S, 98 (J. Booker)... 2 3 2 1
14 to 5— Antolee, 101 (S. Bonner).. 3 2 3 H
FOURTH RACD— Seven furlongs: purse:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. K Fin.
1 to &— Golden Rule. 104 (Adklns) 111 2>£
20 to 1 — Dolly Hayman. 85 (Lowe). 2 8 2 2
6 to 1— Callant. 0» (H. Phillips). 3 2 3 12
Time, 1:28 3-5. Start good. Won in canter.
Winner. C. E. Durnell'a ch. g. by Golden
Garter-Lucille Murphy. Introductor ICO also
ran.
THIRD RACE— Ona mile and 100 yards;
handicap:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 2— By Ways 09 (S. Bonner) . . 5 2 11
5 to 2 — Dr. Stephens. 100 (Ferrell) 2 8 2 1
12 to 6— English Lad. 94 (Phillips) 4 S 3 «
Time 1:45 3-5. Start fair. Won hAndlly.
Winner, S. C. HHdreth^s b. t by JClngston-
Belle of Maywood. The Don 60. St. Tammany
103, Flo Bob 00. Frangible 90, also ran.
SBCOXT> RACE — Six furlongs; parse: '** '
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
Even— Tokalon. 110 (D. Hall) 5 113
0 to 2— Win. Wright. 106 (Pollak). » 4 2 2
6 to 1 — TroRan, 07 (S. Donner) * 2 3 3
Time. 1:12 3-5. Start fair. Won pulled up.
Winner. G. W. Scott & Co.'a b. t. by Tam
many-Enid. Foresight 113. Fly Lady »7.
Avenger 108. Klelnwood 100. Pat Hoznmon 105.
William Parish 97. Taritomo 100. also ran.
CHICAGO. Oct. 22.-Golden Rule fright
ened nearly every thins out of th© fourth
race at Worth to-day, including the
speedy two-year-old. Dick Bernard,
which was believed to hare a chance to
beat the Durnell sprinter. Out of the
original field of ten only four started
and this made Golden Rule a 1 to 6 shot.
Golden Rule shot to tho front ln a few
strides and won pulled up.
The weather was cold, cloudy and dls-^
agreeable and the attendance waa mate
rially affected, although the card was an
exceptionally srood one. Summary:
FIRST RACB— One mile; •elltnx:
Betting- Horse. Welgfrt. jockey bu % Fin.
10 to 1 — Nellie Bawn 108 (Hall)... 1 i 1 H
0 to 1 — Bluemlnt, 100 (Wii»on)... 7 3 2 Hi
Even — Finsal. 108 (H. Phillips). 2 S 3 2H
Time, 1:41 3-5. Start b*d. "Won drhrlny.
Winner U. Z. Deaxman's ch. f. by Tammany -
Wood Violet. ETva's Darling 103. Ct>tnp*j» 103.
Give All 108. "WorthinRton 103. also ran.
Special Dispatch to The QJ1.
Scratches Leave Durnell
Sprinter a 1 to 6
Ohanca
GOLDEN RULE'S
PRICE IS SRORT
and two singles In the next three innings. In
the sixth Inning Dillon was removed for kick
ing. Score : •
, • R. H. E.
Seattl* 00 0 003 2 1.*— 6 11 3
Loa Angeles 0 .1 1 0 0 0 0 0 0— 4 Q o
Batteries— Hughes and Byers;' Hall and
Soles. .
Sustains Fatal Injuries During a
Practice Game at the St.
Louis University.
ST. LOUIS. Oct. 21— The first fatality
to occur on a local football field had Its
climax. to-day, when John WIthnell, quar
terback of the St. Louis University team,
died after an operation at St. Anthony's
School.
Withnell's Injuries were sustained in
practice Tuesday, . when he was kicked
on the spine and his neck wrenched. The
Injury was entirely accidental. ¦
QUARTERBACK WITHNELL
DIES AFTER AN. OPERATION
• It will be only under harmonious condi
tions that prominent turfmen will go to
the Los Angeles track and a definite an
nouncement Is" anxiously awaited. Some
will race at both Los Angeles and San
Francisco during the winter if such a
campaign is found feasible, but there are
few who would attend any. meeting that
would clash with the older and estab
lished meeting.
Jockey Arthur Redfern, who has been
at the head of the Jockey force in the
stable of W. C. Whitney for the past sea
son. Is one of the prominent Jockeys who
will race at Los Angeles should the con
ditions be favorable, although he will
also be seen during the season at San
Francisco. Los Angeles was chosen on
account of the condition of Mrs. Red
fern, his mother.
In the steeplechase division such horses
as are raced during the winter will be
seen at California and it is assured that
this picturesque end of racing will have
many representatives. Many of the good
cros»9 country horses are always retired
at the close of the metropolitan season,
but this year a greater number than
usual will be seen with the colors up.
Many stables will remain in the East
until the close of the New York season at
Aqueduct before making the trip across
the continent. Others will pot leave until
the close of the meeting at "Washington.
There is a general desire among horse
men to' go to San Francisco and many
Eastern stables that have ln former years
gone into retirement for the winter
months will put in the season there.
In the matter of Jockeys there Is the
same excellent prospect and when Oak
land opens its season next month It is as
sured that most of. the best riders of the
East will be on hand. Among those who
have already definitely announced that
they would ride at San Francisco are
Frank O'Neill, Tommy Burns, John Bull
man, Charlie Gray, J. Daly and M. Daly.
This list will be . considerably swelled
within a few days.w
HORSEMEN ARE INTERESTED.
President Thomas H. Williams of the
New California Jockey Club has. been ln
New York for several days Interesting
horsemen. He has met with rare suc
cess. "Jake" Holtman, the starter. Is
also on the ground for the purpose of us
ing his efforts. Both gentlemen have said
that never was missionary work easier
nor more pleasant. All the stakes have
received liberal entries and in the mat
ter of quality as well as quantity the
East will have an excellent representa
tlon. Starter Holtman visited St. Louis
before coming to New York and he re
ports that there will be an unusually large
number of horses leave for San Fran
cisco from that city.
. In discussing the Los. Angeles racing
venture for the winter Holtman expressed
the opinion that such a meeting would
be thoroughly successful. He does not
consider it would be a business rival of
the San Francisco tracks, for the reason
that there is every prospect of having
horses enough to - keep all the racing
plants exceedingly busy. Each year there
has been great additions to the ranks of
horses that race the season round, and
in his opinion the' more reputable winter
tracks there are the better It will be for
the sport ln general. '
President Williams has been quoted as
being at perfect harmony with the Los
Angeles track, provided Its promoters
agree to race under the rules and Juris
diction of the New California Jockey
Club. The Impression is general that this
demand will be promptly met and that
there will be perfect harmony throughout
the winter season.
The season* has seen several valuable
recruits to the sport and many of them
will race during the winter months. E. R.
Thomas, who purchased Hermis for $60,000
as the head of his stable, will probably
have his colors at San Francisco, al
though he has made no definite announce
ment of his intentions. Alex Shields has
the care of his horses, and as he has
been a coast regular It is assured that if
the Thomas horses race at all this winter
they will perform on the California
tracks.
In the many recent changes made by
Eastern owners new stables will spring
up this winter and California will get the
lion's share of the patronage. Trainers
who have found themselves without an
occupation by reason of the retirement of
their employers are branching out as
owners and most of them will race horses
thl3 winter. _
new BEcaurrs fob racing.
ready preparing for the winter campaJgn
and Indication* about Now York are that
the attendance of Eastern horaea In Cali
fornia the coming season will be ffreater
than ever before. "With the close "of the
Brighton Beach meeting on the 24th lnst.
Eastern engagement? of most of the
high class boraea will come to an end
and there wlU be a general movement
westward.
Walter B. Jennings was first to leave for
the coast He took with him an excellent
string of racers that more than held their
own with the Eastern cracks. "Doc"
Rowell followed with San .Francisco as
his goal, although he announced an Inten
tion of racing a few weeks at St. Louis
before taking the longer trip. K. A.
Smith left with a carload of young horses
and he promises to be an important fac
tor when the two-year-old races of 1904
commence. M. J. Daly will ship his use
ful string, including the 'remarkable Der
by performer Claude. The little horse is
at present in the best of condition, and he
has already shown he is a good traveler.
He is one that Is sure to ship safely If the
train does not leave the track on the
Journey. J. G. Follansbee will winter his
string:. Including the good sprinter Asta
rita and several high class two-year-olds,
in California, and both. Frank Regan and
George Hill will have a try at the coast
game.
N17W YORK, Oct. 22.-Horsemen are al-
Special DlBpatch to Tha Call.
Many New Stables for
the Winter Season
of Racing.
CRACK HORSES
WILL COME WEST
Fifth race— Yellow Tall,' Athelroy,
Lady Strathmore. . ;' ;
Sixth race—Prosper la Gai, Weird*,
Bengal. , . '
ST. IiOUIS SELECTIONS.
By the New York Telegraph."
First race — Orient,' Sanctum,
Woods Perry. ., :
Second race— Sharp Bird, Avoid,
Radium. ' .
Third race — Annie Davis, llerrie
George, Brilliants. .
Fourth race — Aladdin, Monsieur
Beaucaire, Flintlook.- ". ;
Sixth race, one mile, selling— Sweet Charity
100, Varna Fonso 10S, Mocorito 105. Lev. Dor
sey 86. Kingstelle 100. Prosper La Gal 108, Ben
gal 104. Petti John 99. Macbeth 107, Pyrrho 105'
Helen Print 105. Aules 105, Nearest 110, Weird
105. ¦ •......,.-•¦•¦•'
Fifth race, one mile and seventy yards, purse
— Athelroy 1C3. Ray 109. Burke Cochran 100,
Yellow Tail 107, Light Opera 100/ Jigger" 109,
Lady Strathropre 108. .
Third race, five and a half furlonjrs, 2-year
olds— Klngsboro 107, Brilliants 107,'Mendon 1C8
C. B. Williams 100, Anne Davis , 108, Merrie
George 107.
Fourth race, one and an eighth miles, handi
cap. 3-year-olds and up— Flintlock 105. Bessie
McCarthy 105. Aladdin 107, M. Beaucaire lOti.
Second race, six furlongs, 2-year-olds and up
—Tom Manklns 93, Lady Free . Knight 9.'«,
Avoid 109, Water Tower 107. Jlmalong 104.
Sharp Bird 112. Hindi 104, Will Shelly 107,
Radium 93, Check Morgan 93, Mynheer 109,
Elastic 112. . * •--,.
First race, five and a half furlongs, 2-year
olds — Bill Nye 107, Enishone 110, Dusty Miller
110, Walnut Hill 110. Orient 107. Sanctum 110,
Benton 97. Tom Olney 1C0, Bel Coeur 110,
Woods Perry 107, Toupee 107.
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 22.— Entries
ST. LOUIS ENTRIES.
NEW "iORK. Oct. 22.-A farewell dinner
wa.« riven to-night by. George W. Haw"
Alt °l Ha r s ' er * Bnm - tn Samuel
tlemcr.s who will tail on Saturday with hl«
family for FWn-* Italy, where he will re
side for an indefinite txrlod. IC .
Barney Schreiber's complimentary
batch of thoroughbreds still remain ln
the maiden class. The stable thought
very well of the chances of Father Went
ker, but the bay hor*e was defeated in a
common gallop by Dr. Shorb, the even
money favorite. The winner had Hender
son up and until to-day had never an
nexed the long end of a purse. Limber
Jim made the running for six furlongs.
Nothing could have been more pyro
technical than the win of the final mile
and fifty yard affair by Chileno. Seven
to two was laid about the gelding and he
skipped out in the lead, winning by a
city block in 1:43%: Billy Moore finished
ppcond and Searcher, the 3 to 5 favorite,
third. The latter is a poor piece of racing
hardware. F. E. MULHOLLAND.
THE "SUMMARIES.
LOS AKGELES. Oct. 22— Weather fine; track
fast. Summary :
Five furlongs, sellfnsr— Rodolfo. US (Waier
bury). even, von; El Corteza. Ill (See) 5 to
1. second: Lady fsk. 115 (Tullett) 3 to 5.
third. Time. 1 :C2. Flea. San Fra'ncisqulta,
La,mr>rie and Turtle also ran
Six furlongs, selling— Maresa, 119 fFraw
ley). 5 to won; Little Margaret, 114 fChand
lcr). 7 to 10. pocond; Skirmish. 119 (See) 3
to 2. third. Time. 1:14'4. Urbano Ma!pal
queta and Ann Gertrude also ran.
Five and a half furlongs. Felling— Troy JOT
f Hildebrand). .1 to Ji won; Judge Natiton' lOfl
15 to 1, second: Achilles. 112
<See). 5 to 1. third. Time. l:0S',4. Iras. Nel
lie May. Adrea and King Dellis also ran.
One mile. Felling — Dr. Shorb. 112 (H<>nd*r
ron). even, won; Father Wentker 110 (L.
Spencer). 2 to 1 reconi; Mil's Vera. 110 (See)
S to 1, third. Time. 1:41 =54. Red Tip, Lim
ber Jim and Headstrong also ran.
Sev<-n furlongs Free handicap — Warte JCIcht
30.1 fKnaprO. 2 "to 1. won; Kenilworth. 128
r6ee). 7 to 1O. second; Solon 119 (I. Powell),
C to 1. third. Time. 1:26%: Princess Tl
taria and Consteilator also ran.
Mile and fifty yards, selling — Chileno. 10*5
(Cropswalte). 7 to 2. won: Billy Moore' 10G
JChandler), 7 to 2. second: SrarchPr. 103 (Hen
derson). 4 to 5. third. Time, 1:43%. Augie,
Little Secret and Vim also ran.
LOS ANGELES ENTBIES.
I>OS ANGELES. Oct. 22 — To-morrow's en
tries: . .
Flrs-t race, preen class pace, ?500 — Wood B,
San Gabriel Prince, Rlv«»rsl<i» Wood. Elmont,
Highball Robert Wood. Toushnut. Victor
Pl.Mte. Billle F. Ira, Florodora, Tidal Wave.
Second race, four and a half furlong*. 2-vear
nlds. Felling — Sol Smith 101. Toltec 10S, *Leo
nado 105. Charlie Schweitzer 103, Annie Marie
104 Rosseric 106.
Third race, six furlongs, pellln*. maiden 3
year-olds and up — Cannell 107, Honduran 107.
lenance 107. Inspirator 112. Cazador 107. Bicy
cle 107. Annie F 107, Camulos 107. Martin
Brady 107.
Fcurth race, five and a half furlongs. 4-year
olds and up. selling — L^eal Maxim 104, Teufel
104. Man* Nance 104. Our Pride 104. Judge
Napton 104, Pilon 104, El Pilar 104, Ingo 104,
Nellie May 104.
Fifth race, one and a quarter miles, selling,
4-year-olds and up — Erne 107, Headstrong 102,
Prertolus fil. Dug Martin 08, Ixmwelsea 102,
Admetus 102.
Sixth race, seven furlongs. 3-year-olds and
up. Felling — Loyal S 100, Miracle II 10!>. Fla
mero 109. Steparound 10*. Marello 111, Respira
tor 100.
Football Bally at Stanford.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Oct. 22.—
The second of a series of weekly football
rallies and song pfactlces was held this
evening ln the chapeL Tne new yell3 and
songs were practiced and the enthusiasm
displayed by the rooters showed the big
team will not lack support when they
meet California on November 14. Here
after the rallies will be held on Friday
nights, and the University band, as was
the case to-night, will bo present to aid in
the "Jolly up."
Jockey Ferguson Commits Suicide.,
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 22.— A very Kelly Fer
guson of Memphis, a Jockey, shot himself
through the head in the presence of his
brother and a little girl on Monday night,
dylns from the wound on Tuesday. For
pome reason the police did not discover
the fact of the suicide until to-day, after
the body had bwn burled. Ferguson had
been HI of typhoid fever for some weeks.
Puppy Wins Coursing Futurity.
KEARNEY, Neb., Oct. 22.-In the pres
ence of more than 3000 spectators here to
day Pathfinder, a brindle bay dog,
whelped'ln February by Sl Clair out of
Gilla Machree, won the Mississippi Val
ley Coursing Futurity, ln what was de
clared the greatest puppy stake ever run
ln America,
Will Box for Charity.
Bob Fitzsimmons and Dave Barry will
box four rounds at the Alhambra Theater
this afternoon as a special attraction for
the benefit of •••- Theatrical Mechanics'
Association. An elaborate programme of
6ongs and sketches has been arranged
In addition to the boxing bout.
Lou Dillon Will Try for Becord.
MEMPHIS, Tenn., Oct. 22.— Lou Dillon,
2:00, will be sent against the world's trot
ting record at the Memphis Driving Park
track. The mare will be accompanied by.
two runners and will be driven by Mlllard
Sanders. _•-,,.
Watson, thus sfar, has neither ''definitely
declined nor. accepted, .-. and , this ; possibly,
explains Lever's denial; as he is not likely
to act without ¦: Watson.* vThe ¦ letter's ¦. an
swer .may \ be. affected \ by",the \ fact that / a
well-known 'Clyde yachtsman contem
plated ' challenging, and L broached - the sub
ifiot. tothe vacht designer before^ Lever. @
LONDON, Oct. 22.— Despite the fact, that
W. H. Lever of : Birkenhead- has: denied
having any intention to' challenge. for '.the
America's cup,' the 'fact [that he has^ asked
George L. ; Watson • if -he; would . undertake
the i work of designing and superintending
a ' cup; challenger . is ' now admitted to . be
indisputable. • . : . t .' . •, ', -.' ¦ '•¦ ' • •*
It Is Known That. He Asked. George
L. Watson* to Design a ;New
. 'Yacht., : ,
Half-mile' dash, pace. ¦ '. purse SlOO-^Nen-olo
won In. :K). .'Fannie Dlllard. Chestnut, Darlel,
Dan R and Harold ;H also started. . .
LEVER MAY C&AXLENGE
. FOB THE AMERICA'S CUP
To beat* 1:T>9 pacing— Dan Patch.'. b. h., by
Joa Patchen-Zelica (McHenry). Time by quar-'
tera— :20, :B8. 1:27%, ! 1:50%. (:2U, :29, :29%,
:29.) • v ¦.:..- ¦• .. ¦ " .'-.. . . ... , ¦ •. - .
*2:08 trot, purse - ?1000 — Foreno won ¦ two
straight heata in 2:06%. 2:05%. ,' Hawthorne.
Monte Carlo.. Wentworth and Marion 'Wilkes
also started. - - -\ .- ',«•,.-
Trotting to wagon,' amateur drlvers-s-Dolly
Dillon won two straight heats in -2:10. 2:06%..
Queen ¦ Wilkes, Franker . and ' - Imogcne ¦ also
started. " . ;i - . .
2:10. clars. trot. .Dursa $1000-^ Walnut Hall
won tho second and third heats, each ln i:OSY*.
Topsy and Palmleaf also started. George Mus.
covlto won the first heat ln 2:C8M. .
2:0S pace, purse- S20C0 — NervcAo • won two
straight heats ln 2:04H, 2:06%. Star Hal,
King Direct, Wlnfleld Stratton and Cubanola
also- started. . . ' .
The performance of Dan Patch was a
surprise to even his most ardent admirers.
The betting on the. trial was 3 to 6 that
he would not boat his own record "of 1:59.
He went the mile with so little apparent
exertion that .to-night his admirers are
predicting he will .still further lower' the
world's record should he start against It
with weather and ;track conditions . favor
able as they were. to-day. Summary:
against time. The pacer clipped
three-quarters of a second from the
world's record of 1:57, held by Prince
Alert, and lowered his own record by 2%
seconds. The mile was paced ¦ without
wind shields and at the finish Dan Patch
seemed fresh and vigorous.
The demonstration that greeted the, new
world's pacing champion as he flashed
under the wire was a memorable one.
Worse owners who stood about the track
had caught the time with their watches
and before . the official time flashed out
across the track they set up a shout and
threw their hats and caps In the air. The
shout was caught up by the people In the
grand stand and on the clubhouse grounds
and the victory of the new pacing idol
was proclaimed in shouts of applause
that reached their climax as Driver Mc
.Henry pulled up before the judges* stand
and doffed his hat In acknowledgment.
The trial was made with two runners to
set the pace, the sulky preceding the
pacer carrying a canvas strip between the
wheels. The quarter was reached in :29,
th,e half in :58 and the three-quarters pole
ln 1:27%} As the horses swung Into -the
stretch Dan Patch was pressing the for
ward runner so closely that scarcely a
hand's- breadth Intervened between his
nose and the back of the driver ln the
forward sulky. ¦
-rrm k-t SMPHIS, Terin., Oct. 22.— A mile
A\A\ ln I:56^ was made by Dan Patch
n -V It at the Mern P nts Trotting Asso-
' -delation's track to-day in a trial
PACER WHICH IS THE FAST
EST HARNESS HORSE IN
THE WORLD.
Defeats Los 'Angeles and Scores Its
Sixteenth Straight Victory.
: PORTLAND. Oct. 22.— Portland made three
runs in the last half of the ninth' to-day and
won from San Francisco.' Whalen pitched bet
ter, ball than Shields, but his support waa loose.
Shay made a home run In the fifth. Attend
ance, 2000. Scorer . . .
' ' " ' " ~ .¦'¦"•- '¦ '. .'- ¦ ' ¦ T> IT - Tf
Portland !..;...'.O 0 1 0 0 1 0 0 3— S 8 4
San.Franeisco .0 0;0,0 2 0 0 2 0— 4 6 5
Batteries — Shields - and Shea ; . Whalen and
Zearfoss. .^-Umpire — O'Connell.
f i SEATTLE." Oct. 22.— By winning to-day Seat
tle : made It sixteen straight and broke the Pa
cific CoMtrecord for straight For
five .'innings "Hall was a puzzle and then the
heavy :' hither* ' fell ' on * him for ¦ seven double*
BECOBD FOR SEATTLE.
Stolen basest— O'Hara, McLaughlin. Errors —
Gorton. Martinke. Devereaux., Hogan, Keefe.
Two-basa hits — McLaughlin. Gorton. Sacrifice
hits,— Hogan, O.' Graham. First base on errors
— Oakland .2, Sacramento 1. First base on
called balls — Off Graham 5, off Keefe 4. Left
on i bases — Oakland ¦ 14, Sacramento 3. Struck
out — By Graham 3. by Keefe 1. Hit by pitcher
— Gorton.. Double plays — Doyle to C. 'Graham:
O. Orahara to Martinke. to Messerly. Passed
ball — C. ' Graham. Wild pitches — O. Graham.
Keefe: : Time of game — 2 hours. Umpire — Mc-
Donald. ¦EuMISMffisiraii
SUMMARY.
Sacramento" ...V. 0 * 0-0 100 0 3 0 — 4
Base hits 1-0 100003 1—6
Oakland: 0 0 1 10 0 0 0 1—3
. Base hits ..... 0 13 11111 2—11
W. L. Pet. I w. l. pet.
L. Angels.113 67 .<£« Seattle ... 83. 89 .431
S.Frnclsco 95 .85 .CUOj Portland . 83 90 .480
Sacramnto 90 91. .407|Oakland . 78 110 .414
Peter's baseball cripples were nosed out
at the finish again yesterday, afternoon
at Recreation • Park, and, just aa on the
precei'.llng day, they m rallied at the
eleventh hour. It came too late, however,
and furthermore, Oscar Graham did not
rc-eporid with a ¦ bingle when the sacks
were all decorated with tailenders. Score —
Sacramento 4, Oakland 3.
The cripples should have won In a
walk !f hitting counts for anything in a
ball game. . Twelve times did they land
on the offerings of the budding Mr. Keefe
and, besides,' he issued many passes. But
for; all that, the Senators brought homu
the money with half the number of hits.
Fourteen, men left on bases proved dis
astrous for Peter.
, I Both teams made a run in the fourth.'
Then, during: the progress of the fifth,
the cripples landed with another one and
held the lead till the eighth, when the
Senators broke up the game. Sheehan
led off with a single and Graham bunted.
Gorton executed a wild throw and both
were safe. Keefe and Hogan died with
out a struggle, and it soomed the Sen
ators might not make good.^
Casey then beat out a little dinky hit
and tilled up the bags. The crowd yelled
for 'action and Hildebrand gave It to
them In the shape of a, dazzler to left,
which sent Sheehan and Graham sprint
ing home and sent Casey to third. Then
Graham took a' trip In the clouds, and
while he was making a wild pitch Casey
sneaked in.
The cripples looked strong In the ninth.
Messerly slid in a hit to the right
garden and Martinke shot one out to
left.' Moskiman forced Messerly at sec
ond, but Gorton drew a pass and filled
the bases. It was Graham's try at the
club and the best he had was a fly to
Doyle, and that ended it all.
- Ike Rockenfield, late of Tacoma, made
his first, bow In one of Peter's suits. He
played left field, as he said that his wing
was a little stiff, after his long journey,
and he did not want to butt into third
base without a chance to rest up. Dever
eaux and McDonald indulged in a little
battle of words at the end of the eighth
round and the brlndle one left the lot on
the arm of a copper. The score:
Oakland — 1 Sacramento —
ARR. H. P.A. AaR. H. P.A.
D'Har. cf.4 0 10 1 Casey, 2b.3 110 2
Rcklld, lf.3 0 1 0 0 Hldbd. If.2 0 13 0
Hrdck, rf.fi 0 1 2 0 UcLin. rf.4 110 0
Shwtz. 2b. 4 1 1' 3 3 Doyle, cf.3 0 0 3 1
Mtlke. 3b.5 0 2 2 4 ;Egan. ss. .3 O 0 3 3
Msrly. lb.r. 0 2 10 0 6hehn. 3b.4 12 0 1
Deverx. s.4 . 0 1 4 0 C.Grm, c.4 112 0
Oorton, c.3 2 1 6 4 Hogn, lb.2 0 0 7 1
O.Grm, p.4 0 . 2 0 7 Keefe. p.. 3 0 0 0 - 6
Moskn. s.l . 0 0 0 0 ¦
_¦_ Totals.2S 4 6 27 14
.Totals.3S. 3 12 27 19 ;
-RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
First race — Peeper, Love Note,
Queen Elizabeth.
Second race — High Chancellor,
Maniie Worth, Futurita.
Third race— Wotan, Eace King,
Kens stic.
Fourth * race — Rostand, Wild
Thyme, Golden Maxim.
Fifth race — Carbuncle, Daisy
Green, Animosity.
Sixth race — Woodshade, Golden
Drop Sourire.
BRIGHTON SELECTIONS.
I5y the New York Telegraph.
Si>:th rac?, fix fur'.ongs. 2->var-oWs sellinp-
M. TJifo l<«i. Tol San 1OJ, Wondsha^e BS Short
Cake B#, Ruby Ring 105. Monet 103, Bob Mur-
Thy 107. Sourire IOC. Nin^pin 102. Runic !M
Ju<*po !>7. Golden Drop 107, Silver Davs 114
£&n Hrrao IC2. "
Fifth race, one mile and one 'urlong selling
— Chrrrr-.rl DO, Lor<1 Advocate KC, Brigand "lOS
r»a fy (Irpcn Uj. Carbuncle lOfi. Stcnewall in'
Outfidoi- n4. Mary Worth !W. Shprin* liei\ ld.1
Ar.txnortty 103. Blue Victor 103, Tribes Hill 111'
AUrti 03.
Fourth rare, or.c mile and one furlong, Choic*
FtaJief- — Golden Maxim 12<>. Colonsay 110 Iiri
pand 121, nonar.d 121. Wild Thyme lls' Gold
Se<-or.d race. Fix lurlorjrs. :;-yc-ar-oi<1s — Ake!a
13.1. lr.vincil.ie- 12f>. Merry England 111 Auries
viile 113. Silver Fizz 111. High CVenc-ellor 111
Oarrman 11*. Futurita Iflg. Hymettus 111 Ma
mie Worth 113. Prince Ching H'S. Illyria 116.
Third ra<x>, m x furlongs, handicap. 2-year
™* — Wotan 117. Rac« King 122. Molinos KO,
Monastic II 317, Bob Murphy 3<«. Funny Side
312. Huphrcta 30*,, Aurumaster 3GS." Golden
l>rrp 110. Ostrich 108, Tom Cod 100. Harangue
STANDING OF THE) CLUBS.
Time. 1:53V4. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner. F. J. Nolan's ch. f. by Hastlngs-St Prlscil
la. Neversuch 97, The Way 104, Deer Hunter
02. Ecorue 104, Little Corker 02, also ran.
SIXTH RACE — One and an eighth miles;
celling:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
e to 1 — Leenja. 101 (Bridewell).... 4 3 1 ",i
3 to 1 — Cogswell, 100 (Foley) 8 6 2 l^i
7 to 2 — La»«o, 0(1 (Livingston). .*;... 11 3 h
Time, 1:46%. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, H. Robinson's ch. c. by Prince of Monaco-
La Parondale. Ingolthrift 93,^Lady Kent 108,
Dlecus IGu, Orpheum 106, also ran. • -
FIFTH RACE— One mile and seventy yards;
selling:
Betting. . Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
2 to 1— Pierce J, IOC (Foley)... 4 5 13
11 to 0 — Spencerian. 05 (Austin)... 3 4 2 7
23 to 1— Howling Dervish. 98 (Liv
ingston) 5 23 6 r
FOURTH RACE — Six furlongs; handicap:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 10— M. Crawford. lOV(Austin) 5 2 13
4 to 1— Hetzel, 110 (Sheehan) 2 « 2 2.
50 to 1— Mocorita, 100 (Holbrook) 1 5 3 nk
Time, 1:14 ;i. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. W. W. Darden & Co.'s ch. t. by Tenny-
Flo II. Excentral 00. Elastic. 117, Atlas 00,
Santa Ventura 101, also ran.
THIRD RACE — One mile and seventy yards;
veiling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
4 to 1— Ora McKlnney. 05 (Calvitt) G 2 1 2
7 to 5 — Cap and Gown, 05 (Austin) 14 2 1.
4 to 1— Blie. 00 (Anderson) 3 3 3 ¥,
Time, 1:48^. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. J. W. Daniels & Co 's b. f. by Handball-
Mallow. Eocrys 108. Allegrette 05, Hindoonet
111, Llllie Kiernan 00. also ran.
SECOND RACE— Six furlongs; selling:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. -ft Fin.
0 to 1— Miss Guido. 107 (Smith).. 2 111
10 to 1— Emily Oliver, 105 (Miller). 4 3 2 4
20 to 1— Mr. Phinlzy. 100 (Foley).. 6 7 3h
Time, l:15Vi. Start poor. Won easily. Win
ner, W. Cole & Co.'s ch. m. by Guido- Rubles.
Stella Knight 109. Quiet C5, Aules 105, Pepper
Dick 104. Algaretta 100, Larouge lOt, George
Vivian 100. Trio 100. also ran.
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 22.-Desplto the chilly
weather, a large crowd attended the races
at the Fair Grounds to-day, attracted 6y
the excellent card and the fast track.
Miss Crawford, heavily played at 7 to 10.
won the slx-furlong handicap affair. She
ran under restraint until straightened out
for home,' when she came away with a
rush and won easily. Summary:
FIRST RACE— Five furlongs; selling:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
4 to 1 — Footlights Favorite, 110
. (Calvitt) 4 3 12
H to 2— Our Llllie, 105 (Llvln&stn) 5 2 2 1
12 to 1 — Lady Fonso, 105 CAndersn) 2 4 3 1
Time, l:02>*. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, T. A. Gay & Co.'s b. f. by Lamplighter-
Performance. Amberita 100. Hoofbeat 100.
PhiMda 10U. Matinee Girl 105, Enigma 100,
uIbo ran. Lena S 106 ran away and was with
drawn.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SENATORS AGAIN
WIN IN EIGHTH
MISS CRAWFORD
TAKES A PURSE
SIXTH RACE— Selling, for maiden two
year-olds, five and a half furlongs:
Retting Horre, Weight. Jcckcy. St. «i Fin.
' to 5— rsiythsnesp. 107 (Fuller).... 2 112
If to 1 — Clear Arena, 104 (Deeouza) 6 4 2 2
1<» to 1— Hob Hoy. 10(1 (Michaels).... 9 9 3 h
Time. 1 :( «. Start fair. \Yr,n driving. Win
rer, D. Gideon'* br. g. by His Highness-Nf 1
11» Blv. Reveille 102, Ancestor 104, Uutlful
©7, JVUe of Relle Mcade W, Arietta Ids. Dcn
elly K4. IJerosa 10T>. Monsoon 105, Dusky OS
VeMlgeese 'M. Ferr.rock 11X.>. Tithonic 'J\>. also
ran.
BRIGHTON ENTRIES.
XEW rORIC. Oct. 22.— Er.trie»>:
TirFt race, one and a Fixteenth miles, maid
ens— Zo<iak 107. Heir Apparent 107. yueen
Elizabeth 107. Ham'.s-Across 1('7, La Gro 107
J'irk BabertS 1<i7. Iiathhride 1"7. Nuit Blanche
If'7. rtolina Jf.7. Peeper 107. Hoamur 310 Dr.
U:Fse!l KI7, Grantsdal 107. Tact K:7 Love Vote
3<7. William Pigeon lift. Trepan 307
FIFTH RACE— Handicap, one and a Quar
ter miles:
Bettinjr Horse, "Weight. Jockey. St. \ Fin.
» to 2— M.Kichardron. 98 (Redfern) 5 4 1 h
fc to 5 — Cauphnaw-ara, 12S .Odom). 4 3 2 5
6 t ¦> 2— L. Potentate, 102 (Higgins) 3 5 3 5
Timt. 2:0ft. Start fair. Won driving. Win
ner, F. Clarkson's b. m. by Halma-Venetta.
•Wytfifld 97. Paget B8. Early Eve 1*5. also ran.
FOfRTH nACE- The Winged handicap, fcr
ttvo-year-oldy. six furlongs:
Betting. Hnrw. Wclpht. Jockey. St. e i Fin.
8 1 to 5— Hello, 111 (ON>i:i» 4 3 lh
r. to 1— Juv. Maxim, IIS (Fuller) 112 6
7 to T> — Swt Grctchen.l^Bullmn) 2 2 3?;
Time. 1:14 1-5. Start lair. Wen driving.
"Winner. F. IJurieWs b. c. by Pontiac-Saluta
tion. Hiawatha 9S. Moharib 118, Clovis 105.
Sis Carter 110, also ran.
THinD RACE— Selling, one and a sixteenth
trlles :
Uettlr.g. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. \ Fin.
IS to 5 — Era. rarham. 10S (Fuller) 5 f> 1 * t
« to 1 — Xamtor, 111 fBoIlman).... 1 4 2 h
S to 1 — Ethics, IDS (Cochriine) 7 7 3 2Vi
Time. 1 :47 3-5. Start fair. Won driving.
Winner, T. D Sullivan's b. h. by Pebeauvolr-
La»ore!Ia. Past 100. All Gold 1M, Stroller Ktt,
Widow's Mite 03. Our Nugget 103, Pluck !)2,
Harrison 103. Poter.te 100. Sir Roche 105, also
ran.
» to i— Charawind, 154 (Helfler).. 4 2 12
12 to 1 — Gas^car, 130 (Pending) 1 6 2 15
4 to .'. — Maniiian. 117 iSafr. i> 5 3 3 4O
Time, 4:41. Start fair. Won easily. Win
ner. W. I^akeland'c b. p. by Charaxus-Helb
«ind. Perioa 147, Gum Honey Ii3, also ran.
SECOND KACE — Handicap steeplechase,
about two miles:
Ketting Hors*. TV'elght, Jockey. St. *i Fin.
Tine, 1:08 1-5. Start bad. Won driving.
¦Winner. E. It, Thomas" b. f. by Mirthful-My
tle HarknoFs. I^scobar 3(K>. Wlnard 103, Jas
par 100, Hydrangea 1<K», also ran.
For nearly a furlong Redfern and Odom
had a desperate struggle for first honors,
iind while Caughsaw&sa, Odom's mount,
i ?tponded gaxneiy as usual, he lost by the
l.arrcwcst possible margin to Mabel Rich
ardson. The race was a true run one. Early
2-ve making the running' as long as she
could, which was for about seven fur
longs. Mabel Richardson was forced to
make her run around the turn and to
win under tbe circumstances stamped her
pcrforxnanco as excellent. Summary:
FIRST RACE — For miles and geldings, two
year-olds. C\-e and a half furlongs:
l*fttinB. Home. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
« to 5— Dimple. 101* (RMfern) 3 4 11'*,
3 to 2— Graceful. 109 (Michaels)... 6 5 2
£0 to 1— Nifkayuna. HW dlicke).... 6 2 3 h
BRIGHTON BEACH. Oct. 21— In two
races at Brisiiton Beach to-day the- win
ners had not more than twelve^ Inches to
spare at the end and in the race award
ed to Mabel Richardson the margin was
even less than that In both cases the
winners were on the outside, or near the
public, and no disapproval was expressed
by interested bettors when the numbers
were displayed.
Special Dispatch to Tbe OIL
After knocking at the door on several
occasions. Troy» from George Gilbert's
string, finally made connections with a
purse. The gelding got mixed up with
a ragged lot in the third selection and at
odds of 3 to 5 came home on the thin
strap. Judge Napton, the pacemaker,
lasted out long enough to down Achilles
for the place.
In the Introductory two-year-old scram
ble Rudolfo, from the stable of W. J.
Spiers, spreadeagled his field. The Amlgo
youngster was held on an even money
chance, and Waterbury rode him as if
his life depended on the result. Half a
dozen lengths behind the winner at the
finish. El Corteza caught and beat out
the tiring Lady Usk for the place.
Bookmaker Caesar Young's filly, Little
Margaret, met defeat again in the six
furlong run following. She was a heavily
played 7 to 10 chance and was beaten In,
a gallop by Maresa, the -third choice. On
Wednesday Maddox rode Maresa, finish
ing third. To-day Prawley had the
mount. Skirmish, the second choice, ran
an indifferent third.
IjOS ANGELES, Oct. 22,-Owner Harry
Stover's trained bird. Kenilworth. had
his wings clipped in the seven-furlong
handicap at Agricultural Park this after
noon. The official adjuster ot weights
asked him to pick up 12S pounds, and,
even with this amount of freight to han
dle, the public pounded his price down
from even money to 7 to 10.
For three quarters of a mile his notes
were sweet and clear as ever, then he
gave up the lead to Warte Nlcht and
hopped up on hla perch. Big Bill Knapp
rode a waiting race with Warte Nlcht
and breezed in by the stand In 1:28-%.
With twenty yards more to cover Kenil
worth would have been third, for he Just
did get a head decision over Solon for
the place. Princess Tltania showed to
advantage in the race, and next time out
will be hard to subdue*. Constellator ran
disappointingly.
The harness horse* were offered no op
portunity to parade. Six running events
were decided, of which number favorite's
took half the card. The weather was
fine and the track in excellent condition.
The books, to be sure, -picked up a few
more dollars. . .
Special Dispatch, to Tha OIL
Brighton Race - Goers
Witness Exciting
Contests.
Kenilworth Races in
Poor Form in Los
Angelea
CLOSE FINISHES
IN TWO RAGES
WARTE NIGHT
AN EASY WINNER
DAN PATCH, 1:56 14, SETS THE HORSEMEN OF THE WORLD AGAPE AT HIS MARVELOUS FLIGHT OF SPEED
Mighty Son of Joe Patchen Cuts Existing Record Decisively
1 and Gives Promise of Still Further Triumphs.
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALTj, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 23. 1903.
10
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I am Always Willing to Walt for I
My fez Lntil Cure Is Effected.
PO FfPERIOR ARE THE ORIGINAL
methods of treai-
:r ' r '<t that I have
J@#%e&f<£i developed through
4*'' r/i*?^ >flk 1( J year* of caretul
l'-l''J*ar \ an <l rtudious prac-
fe*&&< \ t ice as a epeclal-
WtfftL _>¦**-./•"* l!it ln ni^n'F £i*.
&*(&, 'jf^S m '* fc * that I do
Cf»^V . '-? ¦ XA not fal1 effect
V c» f. I 21 a cure ln every
V U '^ta; case I treat.
I v^rwr^^l IJy Practice' is
Av &u/L+lA9 ¦ wholly confined to
J^-^iHSW «he follow-in* aie-
/ [ —^7V <"a*<-8- Sper ma-
* /, 1 I k >. torrhoea, L o a t
/W / yj\ \s V 1 K o r . Organic
/ WNUarrt^f \ I Weakness, Varl-
• \*\T] \>-» f^^l". Hydrocelo.
no n r loci irai 601 " 0 Blood Pol-
JK. 0. C JOSLEN, son. Stricture and
The leading Specialist. PU««. Ifr pam-
Your Years a Man/: malW^'free'.^'c^nsul"
tatlon free at office or by ir.all. vonsul "
I cure gonorrhoea permanent- 1
ly in from three to ten days.
My fees are fair and I am al-
ways wliil.-ig to arrange terms
to suit each patient
DR. O. C. JOSLEN,
Ccr. Market and Kfarny Streets.
Private Entrance, 7C2 Market Street.
G5 S $k B (f^ Ar munition, Huntlcs Vd<J
O aE5S%W hportlni; Uood«. Ur|«>!
2 BBJ nock. Loirrct price*, eecj
5 i|B n « Kr cataioru*-.
V£ rf %£ fHKEVE * BARBEU CO..
;»y Market »t. aod 511
K*axo7 M.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"Fairly Sparkling fn Beer Goodness"
wi=?CiOOD PUDGES*""!
OF BEER, DECLARE
Superior from all polixta of
?lew; Po»se«itaar absolute par-
ity, propar a;» and Xoaert
Plavor. Adapted to all taatm
according to Braw and Bnad. .
edust wnana peiyatestocx icuEscBHEa
' Ask for "BLATZ" at Club or Bar.
TIL BLATZ BREWING CO., MILWAUKEE
Braunschweigsr & Co., inc.
5 and 7 DRUMM ST., San Francisco.
Tel. Mala 1640. Wholeaal* Dealers.
®Vim, Vigor, Vitality for Men.
MORMON BISHOP'S PtLLd
have been ln use over fifty
ytara by the leaden of the
Mormon . Church and their
followers. Positively care the
worst cases ln old and youn<
arising trom effect* of «eir-
abusfi. dissipation, excesses tor
cigarette smoking. Cor* Lo»t
Manhood. ImDotency, Lost
->. . Power, Xlsht Losses Insom-
nia, Pain* ln Back. Evil Desire*. Lame Back.
Nervous Debility. Headache. Unfitness to Marl
U«n^on 0 4»^ m^ n - CT^Varlcocele or Con-
stlpatlon. Stop Ner •*> ¦ J vous Twltrhln* .-.<•
Eyelid.. Effects are
vigor and potency CENTS^ every fun 7tiS£
Dom-t get despondent, a" cure la at hand R^
store small, undeveloped organs. Stimulate
i!j e .£ raln an<1 nerve centers: 50c a box- « for
$2 50 by mall. A written guarantee wTcnre or
money refunded with 6 boxes. Circulars f%e!
Address BISHOP REMEDT CO.. W ElHa rt
fSd Jo*Third°i CaU aRANT Bfeua ca. *iQUARRELS WITH HUSBAND,
THEN SWALLOWS POISON
Mr?. Corina Robinson, . a handsome
young woman. 20 years old, ended her ex
istence by swallowing a- two-ounce bottle
of carbolic add last night shortly before
midnight. The woman was taken to the
Harbor Hospital, where she died soon aft
erward. A trivial quarrel with her hus
band prompted her to end her life.
' Mrs. Robinson and her husband. Thomas
Robinson, an employ^: of the American"
Biscuit Company, were seen on Broad
way late Ia3t night. They were engaged
In a heated argument and finally the
young wife abruptly left her husband and
went hurriedly to their home.
A few minutes after the woman had en
tered her house Deputy Coroner Tom Da
vis, who resides next door, heard groans
coming from the direction of the Robin
son abode. He hastened to Investigate
and found the woman lying on the door
step, an empty bottle at her side. She
was removed to the Harbor Hospital, but
died a few minutes after her arrival there.
The husband of the woman was,grief
stricken over the tragedy and stated that
Ive had only . spoken one cross word to
his wife and that he did not mean to
abuse her. She had never threatened to
take her own life, according to Robinson's
statement.
". Probably the most effective address de
livered during the evening was that made
by Thomas McConnell. He Is a Union
Labor man. yet he espoused ' the cause of
Henry 'J; Crocker because of - the \ alleged
perfidy of Mayor E.'.E. Schmitz and the
false position occupied by , Franklin J K.
Lane/ the candidate of Gavin McNab.' .
John S. Partridge, one of the party
orators, made an effective speech to the
assemblage. He pointed out the absolute
necessity of uphofding the party of Roose
velt, as it meant bread and butter to the
workingmen of the city. He declared that
prosperity had come to this city because
of the wisdom of the Republican national
policy. He extolled the candidates on the
municipal ticket and advised his auditors
that it would be to their, interest to elect
the entire ticket.
Theodore 8. Lunstedt also addressed the
voters and was^ given a kindly reception.
Mr. Lunstedt said, if elected Supervisor
he would administer the duties of his of
fice In a manner that would be an honor
to the city and himself. ' Fred Eggers,
candidate for Supervisor, Harry. . Baehr,
Louis Jacobs, William E. Lutz and other
leading candidates addressed the meeting.
LABORER INDORSES CROCKER.
Judge Van Nostrand presided over a
very good Republican . meeting in Ein
tracht Hall on Twelfth street, near Fol
som, last nigh$. This district is strong
ly union labor, but the citizens turned
out and listened to the standard bearer
and judged for themselves what manner
of man he ia. That Mr. Crocker- Im
pressed his audience is putting it mildly.-
He aroused them to enthusiasm and even
those who are opposed to his candidacy
listened attentively to his address and
applauded his sentiments.
Mr. Crocker made an appeal to the vot
ers In behalf of good government. He
said this would not be his last visit to
their section of the city, as he wanted to
learn of its needs and see that they are
looked after. His address was short and
to the point. He did not assail the other
candidates, nor did he praise them. He
simply made a manly appeal for the votes
of his constituents and promised If elect
ed Mayor of the city he would give the
people an honorable administration. Mr.
Crocker was cheered at all times and
was gratified at the generous reception
he received. < . ;
Thomas McConnell Says the Mayor
Is Not a Friend of Labor.
CRITICIZES SCHMITZ.
Henry turned and said: "Xp, don't do that.
I guess I had better Rive you five hundred
more." He had already subscribed $1000 to
the fund, but he sent his check In promptly
for the extra ?000, as he had suggested. Now
don't that show that Henry J. Crocker has al
ways been liberal and thoughtful of the labor
ing man when he Is In distress? In my opin
ion it 4oe» decidedly, and I think he deserves
credit for It. There is not the least doubt in
my mind that he will be th- next Mayor of
San Francisco.
I see that lots of men are busily enraged
now in raking up all the good things they
ever did In the way of generosity or benevo
lence of some eort, and it seems to me- that
Henry J. Crocker ought to get his share of
the credit for a few things that I know he
ban done to help the city and its worklngmen.
A number of years ago, when tho hard times
were uron us and everything was being done
that could be to give the po<ir Idle men work.
I was president of the Boulevard Association
that was employing Idle men to build the bou
levard, now known as the Dewey Houlevard,
extending from the Almshcuse to Inglesldn.
The money to pay these men a dollar a day
and tlve them an existence Instead of soup
house charity, wa* beln* subscribed by citi
zens of San Francisco. The Boulevard Asso
ciation had an arrangement with . the Mayor
whereby the money being raised by subscrip
tion wa* to be turne* over to the association
through William W. Bunker, and ex-Mayor
Ellert, John McCord and myself hired the men,
superintended thorn and paw that they did
their work, while Ellert and Bunker paid them.
We were employinc from 200 to 7W men,
who would otherwise, have been idle, and Mc-
Cord and myself were at the scene of opera
tions early every morning and spent a good
part of the day there. One morning Henry J.
Crocker drove out to this boulevard, as he
wus in the habit of doing frequently. He
asked McCord how we were setting along. The
answer was, ' J Very well." Crocker then asked
how many men we were employing;. We re
plied. "About 700." but we were much afraid
we should have to let some of them go, as
Ellert and Bunker, had reported that the sub
scription funds wherewith to pay them were
coming in much more slowly than they had
been.
Every day as the campaign progresses
It brings forward some business
man who is S anxious to show his
appreciation of what Henry J.
Crocker has done for the city
and its worklngmen in the past. The lat
est is Charles C. Bemis, president of the
Consolidated Giant Powder Company,
who knew whereof he epoke when he said
at his office in the Hayward building
yesterday: •
An Incident of the Hard Times in
This City.
CROCKER'S GENEROSITY.
LOCAL LIQUOR DEALERS.
Sixteen Nominees for Supervisor In
dorsed by Association.
The California Liquor Dealers' Associa
tion and the Royal Arch met at B'nai
B'rith Hall yesterday afternoon. Four
hundred dealers were present. The asso
ciation indorsed the following Republican
nominees for Supervisor: Theodore Lun
stedt, Fr«d N. Bent, George Alpers, Fred
Eggers. L. A. Rea, Edward H. Algeltin
ger and Charles Eoxton.
The following Democratic nominees
were indorsed: John A. Lynch, A. Comte,
S. Braunhart, Edward R. Rock. George
B. JlcClellan, A. A. d'Ancona, H. U.
Brandensteln and Oscar Hocks.
'Thomas F. Finn, a nominee for Super
visor on the Union Labor ticket, was also
Indorsed.
After considerable discussion the liquor
dealers decided to make no Indorsement
of other candidates. It is reported that
Henry J. Crocker would have received In
dorsement for Mayor if a vote on that
issue had been taken. There was, how
ever, a strong array of Schmitz men
present. Neither side was # qulte sure of
the result, hence by common consent a
clash was not precipitated.
Bahrs Club Organized.
, The Bahrs Club of the Thirty-sixth As
sembly District was organized at Har
mony Hall last night. "W. A. Stone was
elected president. Three hundred voter3
attended, signed the roll cf the organiza
tion and pledged themselves to work; vig
orously to bring about the election ut
George H. Bahrs to the office of Assessor.
In the course of his speech Mr| McCon
ncll said: .
Mr. Chairman, Ladles and Gentlemen: It is
not often that a worklngman is called upon a
public platform to address his fellows.Nind as
sptechmaklng in not in our line of . business,
I therefore would beg your Indulgence for a
few minutes while I answer in my own way
the question I have been asked, "Why am I
not /In with the Union Labor party?"
When the Union Labor party was formed
two years ego my union, the Journeymen Ship
wrights' Association, was not In politics alid
never had been and never will be, I hope. But
when the. union men of this city did form a
party and put a ticket in the field the mem
bers of my union considered It their duty to
"buckle on their armor" and get on-tha firing
line with their fellows and assist In every way
to make a nurceFS of the Union Labor party
and to elect the Union Labor ticket. During
that campaign our union did something that
It had never done before during the nfty years
of . its existence in this city. We called a spe
cial meeting for the purjiose fit inviting Eugene
E. Bchmltz and the other Union Labor candi
dates to attend and address our members... '
Mayor Schmitz and the other candidates at
tended and we gave them a very enthusiastic
reception. I presided at that meeting and dur
ing the campaign I attended numerous other
meetings and spoke In favor of the Union La
bor ticket. It did not take us long after elec
tion to find that the Union Labor party was a
bubble and a snare. At that" time our union
had a serious problem to solve. It was a mat
ter that was Etrlklng at the very existence of
our union. It was a matter of two scab
Fhipyards, one in Alameda.and the other in
Oakland, endeavoring,- nnd succeeding In . a
great measure. In taking away from San Fran
cisco and the union men of this city generally,
and also the business men. the work on the
repairing of shlpn ' on the water front of this
city.* to be done In Oakland and Alameda by
scats.' They were endeavoring to rob us ship
wrights of our means of obtaining • a living.
They were endeavoring to take the. very bread
and' butter out of the mouths of ourselves and
famlllfe. • " ' . . , .; - .:' ...' ".
SOHMITZ'S DEAF EAR.
Naturally, - we were greatly agitated .over
this. We called several meetings and wrestled
with the question as best we could. The names
of several prominent men were, mentioned. In
cluding Mayor Schmitz, to whom we might
look for assistance and advice. We looked upon
Schmitz as our Mayor, the Union Labor man
for whom we had aone so much and whosu
expressions of grand sentiment in his Inaugural
address carried us away. He promised us that
he would try to «ee that the water front should
be brought -under the control qf the city ami
that goods . of home manufacture should have
the preference. Our union finally decided to'do
everything In Its power to hold the work in
San Francisco. ; A large Bum of money was
set aside | to pay . the ; expenses of having , that
business : properly attended ¦ to, and I was ap
pointed and given full power to act in all mat
ters concerning this business. My first act was
to address the following letter • to Mayor
Schmitz: -¦ .. ' ....
"Shipwrights' Hall. 10 Folsom street, San
Francisco. January 29. 1002.
~ '.'Hon. Eugene E. :. Schmlta. Mayor. City —
Dear 8lr: I am instructed by the Shipwrights'
Association of San ' Francisco to consult with
you ..end draw your attention to matters - of
great Importance to this association, as well
as to the business Interests of a large body of
business men on the city front, and the inter
ests of I the city generally.
"If - you will appoint a time and place ' at
your earliest convenience ; to ¦ meet me. I will
explain ¦ the whole matter to you.
"By doing thlB you will greatly oblige the
"SHIPWRIGHTS' ASSOCIATION,
"THOMAS McCOItKELL,
"Business Representative."
I was / very much surprised and : pained that
the : Mayor for whom > we had done so much
-would not even . acknowledge receipt .. of - our
letter. 'and after waiting several months I.ad
dressed the following letter to this great and
grand ¦- dispenser ? of hot air : '^MeMBMM9ip*K
"144 Perry Street. San Francisco, June 3.
¦ ¦ .1002.' . - " - i: ' ; ¦¦' • ¦• •
- • 'Hon ' Eugene >- E. Schmits, Mayor. City-
Dear . Sir : ' I desire to ; call ' your attention to
the fact that on or about January 29, 1002/ as
business representative ' of ¦ ¦ the Shlowris-hts'*
Association of San Francisco • I addressed a
letter to you requesting an interview with you
at your earliest convenience. • concerning mat
ters of great importance to our association as
well as to the business Interests of the city
front Rnd the city generally. You did not see
fit, to acknowledge the receipt of that letter.
"I desire to inform you that during the fifty
years that the Shipwrights' Association has
been in existence i you are the first public
offlclal that has ever Ignored the communica
tions of our association.
"I have represented our aFsociatlon for sev
eral years and during that time I have com
municated with every class of business and
public men.
"I have now in my possession letters from
the late President McKlnley. the Secretary of
the Navy, our Senators and Congressmen, ad
mirals, captains and other officials connected
with the Mare Island Navy Yard, all on busi
ness concerning: our association, and we found
that our communications were- acted on
promptly and that our association and myself
were treated with the highest respect.
"I am greatly disappointed by your action
In this matter, for while our association was
assisting to elect you. we thought that we
were insisting to elect a man with whom we
could consult on matters concerning the wel
fare of our association, as well as the wel
fare of the community at large.
"Thin matter was one of business, and If
you had given, me the opportunity to lay the
facts before you. you would have found that
It was your, plain duty to attend to them.
Respectfully yours. *
"THOMAS McCONNELL."
And there the rjuasaion rested so far as
Mayor 8chmitz and our association was con
cerned. Neither our nssoclatlon nor myself have
ever heArd a word or received a line from
Mayor Schmitz on the subject. But we grot
along very well without. Mayor Scfcmltz. We
made a erallant 'fiRht Rzalnst those scab ship
yards, and, assisted by the , shipowners .' and
business men of this city, who refused to 'have
their work doile In/those 'yards, and also -by
the City Federation, we won out, hands down,
and succeeded In making: Union yards and men
in both places.
A HOT AIB MA YOB.
That Is our experience with the Labor Union
Mayor.' Now we arc told that there is a Labor
Union ticket in the field, with that "tried and
true" hot air dlsoenser at Its head, aftd he Is
trying- to make the worklnsmen of this city
believe that there Is a Union Labor party now
In existence.
A v short time aero the Union Labor men de
cided to watt upon Mayor Sehmltr and ask
him the question whether he was • with them
or against them. On August ~T, 1D02, the Union
Labor Central Club ; told the worklnsmen of
this city, over the slsnatures of their commit
tee — T. Zante,;H.M. Burnett and Harry A.
Knox— that the Ruef- Parry wing of the Union
Labor party were pirates. ¦•;.:<.-
George Ahlers of tf.e Teamsters* Union and
Mr. Morlarity ; of • the Engineers' tells us that
Ruef and Parry are bolstering up a tottering
cause, and Mr. Holland of > the Hackmen de
nounce* Parry and Ruef as traitors.
And now that noiseless inventor of the polit
ical machine, 'Gavin McNab, puts forward onco
again his man, 'Franklin K. Lane, and the Ex- 
aminer, tells us why Franklin K. Lane should
be elected Mayor ; of . this city. ' and ' tells the
people of San Francisco that they are fortunate
on this occasion to have at their service a man
who understands the powers of the office, and
that man U Franklin K. Lane, and Gavin Me-
Nab la saying nothlnsr, but ' is sawing wood.'
Mr. Lane te'.is. us that the City: will not be
turned over to -the bosses who want graft. The
Examiner telU us that Mr. Larip's chief oppo
nent is Mr. Henry J.- Crocker, a man who, Is
untrained. But theJStaminer told us last year
that Franklin K. Lane wa_ trained by Gavin
McNab and that he has for a long time been
one of McNab' s trusted lieutenants.
; We nre - told that Mr. Lane ia touring the
business districts of thin city. - 1 should think
that Mr" Lane, considering his backers ' and
trainers— the Bulletin, the Examiner and Gavin
McNab — would be ashamed to put his nose near
the. business, district '•of this city, or to look a
business man In the face. Those forces, headed
by the Examiner, hounded the business men of
this city for years. ,V . ; '
. .. Gentlemen; * we .want . the , prosperity to con
tinue. We want our city run rlcht. We want
THIS evening the Young Men's) Republic an Club of Bcrnal Heights
and Holly Park will have a rally at Wackenreuder's Hall, corner
of Wool and Eugenia streets. Thomas Huling is the president
of the club and Prank Chambers is the secretary. AH the candidates
on the Republican ticket" have been invited and are expected to ad
dress the meeting, jj In addition to the candidates there will be speeches
by John S. Partridge, Joseph G. de Forrest, J. T. Noursc, A. Van der
Naillen Jr. and others. A glee club will be present to entertain. To
morrow evening the Republicans of the Thirty-third District will have
a large meeting at Murphy's Hall, Ocean View, to which all voters in
that vicinity are invited. All the candidates and a number of well
known speakers will be present.
REPUBLICAN RALLY Td-NIGHT I
SCHMITZ'S* CAMPAIGN.
Mayor Spends Evening After Votes
in Mission.
Mayor Schmitz is making a vigorous
campaign. Last night he spoke at two
large meetings, one in Ocean View and
one In the Mission. The first meeting was
held at Wolfs Hall at Ocean View. There
was a large crowd present and when the
Mayor arrived It gave vent to a series of
cheers. % -—
Schmitz spoke at length on the issues
and his speech was received with much
applause. He said:
We have no newspapers with us in this
fight. Hut we care not for that, we shall be
victorious without them. I care not . to sea
my name written In the black headlines of
any paper, what I want and what I have
striven for during my two years' ««imlnhtra
tlon is to have my name written deep in the
hearts of the wage earners, the plain people
of o'Jr city.
I Bald two years ago that if I was. elected
I would deal lalrly and squarely with all. I
did so. There were no police rldln- on the
street cars at the time of the strike, as there
was during the teamsters' strike under the
Phelan-McXab rule. When the officials of
the street car companies came to me and
asked for policemen to act as motormen and
conductors on their cars I refused them. I
told them that I would keep peace without any
such measures. After eight days of peace, the
carmen acting as peace committees them
selves, the strike was peaeeaoly settled with
satisfaction to both sides. /
We have had many labor troubles during my
administration, but the police were never neces
sary to Insure peace and order. There was
no bloodshed nor rioting.
I am proud to act as a representative for
you men. you wage earners, and I am ever
your servant, to do your bidding. . 1 shall al
ways consider it an honor to senre the people
from whose ranks I have risen.
I am not making a mud-slinglng campaign,
as my opponents are doing. Do not place any
credence in the lies of the paid newspapers,
for they are paid. That is the reason we
have no newspaper to back us in this fight,
because we are not millionaires. Pay no at
tention to the lying circulars that are being
scattered broadcast about the city.
Place In office men who will, look out for
all the people and not grant favors to any
class.
I have done all I could to better the roads
in this district and would have accomplished
mora had I had a Board of Supervisors to
work in harmony with me. I always believed
In giving the small property owner as much
consideration as the lame one. The laws are
mad« for the weak and not the strong. The
strong can take care of themselve?. They
were made to protect the weak from the op
presylon of the stronst and we nev><! men la
office to see that they are enforced.
If I am re-elected I intend to go on with
the good work I have been doing.
On tie one side you have a millionaire, the
tool of the moneyed men of the city, on the
other your humble servant. I do not consider
Lane in the campaign at all, as he has not
a possible chance of election.
The conditions are better to-day than they
were two years ago. Don't chantre for some
thing you know nothing about. ' Don't change,
but help the Union Labor ticket to be elected
straight down the line. Do everything for
the party which stands for your people. Don't
let any paid emissary mislead you. or even
come among you. Vote the .atralsrht ticket
and help me to keep up the good work for
this great cause. I am your servant and al
ways will be the friend of. the plain people.
Powel Fredrick made a brief speech. In
which he pointed to an alleged deficit in
the funds of the 'present County Clerk's
office to the extent of S30.0CO and a short
age of $70,000 In the fees of the office.
G. I* Antagne acted a3 chairman, and
others "who. spoke were Harry Knox,
Frank Conklin, Frank Jewell. J. J. Con
nolly, John "Rutherford. Miles Farland,
W. W. Coff ey and G. G. Vickerson.
The other meeting was held at Silk's
Hall on Preclta avenue, near Mission
street. A large crowd was present and
the same speakers that appeared at
Ocean View addressed the. meeting.
Says He Did Not Get Any Part \ of
LANE MAKES DENIAL.
That $25,000.
Franklin K. Lane addressed three meet-
Ings last night and at each one he was
received by an enthusiastic audience.
He made his y first speecji to the voters
of the Fortieth' Assembly District at Oak
wood ; Hall, 1805 Devlsadero street. He
opened up his talk by refuting the
charges of Judge A. P. Van Duser, made
in his speech on Wednesday night. He
stated that he had never received . one
cent of the $25,000 provided- by the city
for the city's suit against the Spring Val
ley Water Works. He then referred to
the manner In which the. Union Labor
party was being managed and wound np
by. stating, that he was pleased to see . In
his audience * many voters k who had .de
serted the; Democratic" ranks at the last
election now returning ' to ; their old field.
unfitted for office ¦hall . come before me and
be granted one. The commissioners I shall
appoint will be appointed with due regard to
their fitness for the office and not to any
political pull. I thank you.
The meeting closed with cheers for the
standard bearer and the rest of the
ticket. . ; " ,
REPUBLICAN STANDARD BEARER, CANDIDATES FOR PUBLIC AD
MINISTRATOR AND AUDITOR, AND FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE
SHIPWRIGHTS' ASSOCIATION WHO EXPOSED NOMINEES OF THE
UNION LABOR AND DEMOCRATIC PARTIES.
HENRY J. CROCKER, Republican
nominee, Is steadily gaining
strength in the race -for Mayor
1 of San Francisco. Members of
the Republican campaign . com
mittee meet daily at headquarters, 16
Geary street, and carefully consider re
ports from the various sections of the
city. The purpose of the committee Is to
ascertain the exact truth regarding
situation, and every member of the com
mittee understands that the biggest fool
in politics is the man who deliberately
deceives himself. The reports received at
headquarters from trustworthy sources
justify the prediction that Mr. Crocker
will receive a handsome plurality on No
vember 3.
The Democratic papers are bending
their energies to discover a few Repub
lican business men who are not actively
supporting # the candidacy of Henry J.
Crocker, but success Is not attending the
effort. Two men have'been Introduced to
the public as Republican merchants who
favor the election of Mr. Lane, but space
largely In excess of two columns has
been employed in presenting their names
to' the people.
DEMOCRATS FOB CROCKER.
The Republican campaign committee is
in possession of definite Information that
many leading Democratic citizens have
resolved to vote for Mr. Crocker. Posi
tive intelligence is received to the effect
that many prominent worklngmen who
supported Eugene E. Schmitz two years
ago intend to vote for Henry J. Crocker
on November 3. The names were not ob
tained for publication and may not be
published.
The reports published In the McNab
press to the effect that Lane Is drawing
considerable strength from the Union
Labor ranks are not true. McNab may
the business men to have confidence in the way
that our city government Is conducted. We
wont to encourage them to Invest their money
and thereby make work for ourselvrj and
bring prosperity and happiness to all the peo
ple of this city.
To do that we will have to place a business
man at the head of our city government— a
man that we know to be manly, courageous and
jlncere, broad, liberal and truly American.
The Republican party has placed such a man
at th« head of the ticket, and that man is
Henry J. Crocker. The Republican party has
placed a ticket in the field with Henry J.
Crocker at Its head, that we know carrlea the
confidence of all the people with it, and we
know that every interest of the city will be
safe in its hands. Therefore, it !» our duty on
election day to go to the polls and vote the
straight Republican ticket and then go on our
way rejoicing.
have a few men staked out for transfer
to the Democratic column when Lane
begins his "whlrhvind finish." but the
facts are that Schmlfz's candidacy is for
midable. The contest now on Is between
Crocker and Schmitz. The betting men
have sized up the fight. They figure
that Lane's chances of success are very
remote. This talk of a "whirlwind fin
ish"* for Lane is nonsense. Politicians
saw Lane's finish the very Instant the
Union Labor party put a candidate of
its own In the field.
LANE'S FINISH.
The original McNab programme was
framed on the presumption that Casey
would win the works In the Union Labor
party aAd stand In for Democratic
fusion with Lane aa the nominee for
Mayor. The triumph of the Schmita
forces at the primary fight upset all the
calculations of Boss McNab. The Demo
cratic boss saw Lane's finish when he
held him In the flght. and It matters
little whether it Is called a whirlwind
finish or a mild blowout. Sensible Demo
crats, desiring the prosperity and bet
terment of the city, will lend their sup
port to Mr. Crocker In this campaign.
Votes given to Lane will be thrown away.
There are Indications at this time that
the Republican vote on November 3 will
approximate _5,000. The number of regis
tered Republicans Is about 30.000. The
good attendance at Republican meetings
In the very heart of the big Union Labor
districts signifies a change in public sen
timent which Is exceedingly favorable to
the Republican cause. The party organ
ization in every district of the city Is ef
fective. The prediction is made at Re
publican headquarters that Crocker will
carry the Twenty-eighth Assembly Dis
trict. Big Republican majorities In the
Thirty-eighth. Thirty-ninth. Fortieth,
Forty-first, Forty-second and Forty-third
districts are foreshadowed.
Louis Samuels acted as chairman of the
meeting. Others who spoke were Judge
Cabanlss. Dr. Dodge. P. J. Curtis. T.
Carey Friedlander and Judge Mogan.
Candidate Lane next addressed the vot
ers of the Twenty-eighth Assembly Dis
trict at the Sailors' Union Hall, on East
and Mission streets. While his speech
here was listened to with rapt attention
for the most part, there were cries from
the audience of "We don't want _ Abe
Ruef to manage us!" and other ejacula
tions of a similar nature. Lane caught
the spirt and sentiment of the occasion
and told his auditors that now there was
really no Union Labor party. Schmitz
represented merely an outline of the real
Intention of that party, and the vital In
terests of that organization had practi
cally gone back to the source from which
they came and that was the good old
standard Democratic party.
His third meeting was at Saratoga Hall,
on Geary street, near Larkin. where he
spoke to the voters of the Forty-second
Assembly District. Here ho received a
fine greeting, although It was very late
when he arrived.
Just as he was about to begin his re
marks a lady In the gallery called out.
"Lane's the man!" He Immediately took
this for a cue and started his speech by
saying. "This is the greatest compliment
that has been handed to me since I en
tered into this campaign. When the wo
men of this county come to our political
meetings it shows that they take an In
terest in the welfare of the city's govern
ment and that they want to see an honest
administration of the affairs of this great
municipality. I wish all the women In the
city would come and take a hand In the
proceedings and voice their sentiments at
these meetings."
He wound up his remarks by asking all
good Democrats and all hia honest Repub
lican friends to come to the rescue of good
law and good administration and help
swell the Democratic vote at the coming
election. "••-"'''
J. M. Burnett was chairman of the meet
ing. Among those who spoke were Judge
Mogan. E. Godchaux. William Brodeiick.
Dr. D'Ancona, P. J. Curtis. A. H. Wche,
T. Cary Friedlander and Oscar Hocks.
eral Salomon was interrupted time and
again with applause and when he con
cluded he was given hearty applause.
Harry Baehr, candidate for Auditor,
proved himself a popular man. When he
was introduced to the big audience the
enthusiasm was remarkable. The as
semblage never seemed to tire of calling
his name and applauding him. In his ad
dress he told his auditors that ho had
kept every promise he had made them
while running for the office two years
ago and reiterated that if re-elected he
would continue to conduct his office in an
honorable and efficient manner.
HEABTY RECEPTION.
Maurice L. Asher was also at home In
this district and his reception was a
hearty one. Asher made one cf his usu- i
ally good campaign speeches and was ap
plauded throughout by his friends. Rob
ert Vance and Fred Eggers, candidates
for Supervisor, were given warm wel
comes and spoke at length. They devoted
much of their speech to a eulogy of Hen
ry J. Crocker. Louis Jacobs was in the
midst of telling- the assemblage that the
Fortieth Assembly District would give the
largest majority for Henry J. Crocker,
and thus capture the banner, when the
Republican standard bearer made his ap
pearance in the hall. The scene at this
juncture was an animated one. Every one
was standing and cheering. •
Flags and handkerchiefs were waved by
the ladies and the men swung their hats
and yelled for the nominee. It was with
difficulty that Mr. Crocker could make his
way to the platform. Hands were out
stretched to grasp the next Mayor's hand
and he smilingly paused to receive the
personal greetings of his friends.
When quiet was once more restored
Isidore Golden was introduced, and In
clear cut sentences paid his respects to
Franklin K. Lane and Mayor Schmitz. He
said that Lane had not attended to busi
ness during the five years he has held of
fice and was unfitted for the office of
Mayor of a growing municipality. He
said some very «3harp things about the
Democratic candidate, that muBt have
burned the lattcr's ears.
In speaking of Schmitz he eaid the
present Mayor had appointed Commis
sioners who had proved false to their
trust. He raid Mayor Schmitz was per
sonally responsible and should not be
given another opportunity to make mis
takes. He said that Franklin K. Lane
had charged during the present campaign
that corruption existed in the city gov
ernment Young Golden assorted that the
Democratic and Union • Labor parties
were responsible for this, as they have
been in power during the last six years.
He said this would be changed If the Re
publicans were given a chance. Golden
aroused a great deal of applause and was
highly complimented by older Repub
licans for the able manner In. which he
had set forth his views.
Judge Joachimson was cheered and
made a short speech. He reminded his
auditors of his record on the bench and
suggested in a modest way that if they
de<?med he was worthy of their support to
vote for his election to the position to
which he aspires. Theodore Lunstedt,
candidate for Supervisor, made a clean
cut speech in which he proved to the sat
isfaction of the crowd that Henry J.
Crocker was not an aristocrat. He told
those present that it was the duty of
every Republican to go to the polls on
November 3 and vote the entire Repub
lican ticket. Dr. T. H. Morris, candidate
for Coroner, was introduced and promised
if elected Coroner he would do nothing
that would bring discredit upon his ad
ministration. He promised many reforms
and the doing away of present conditions
that are In vogue in the City Morgue.
THE LEADER SPEAKS.
Chairman Cross next introduced Henry
J. Crocker and the audience let out Us
pent-up enthusiasm for the candidate for
Mayor. It was some timp before he
could secure stillness In the hall. When
the noise had subsided he spoke as fol
lows: •
If I have the united indorsement of the peo
ple of San Fr&ncUco as I have the united In
dorsement of the candidates who have spoken
to-nlrht we know what we will do to the
other people. (Applause and laughter.) In
talking to the people of the Fortieth District
I am talking pretty close to my home. I
am talking to people whom I see nearlv every
day and I guess they have seen a great deal
more of me than they have heard me talk. I
don't think you will hear me talk very much
to-nicht, but what I do 'say comes lrom my
htart. I am a candidsAe before the people
of Ban Francisco at this time because I am
prepared to lay aside all business duties and
to give my entire time and attention to the
civic affairs of San Francisco. (Applause.)
In the old country It is customary for the
government to a.-k of the young men who. grow
up two or three years of tnetr service imd
it is compulsory that they perform It, but
here in free America no such law exists, but
that does not prohibit a man who la toiling
along and making his way In the world, happy
and contented in his present situation, and
who is willing, dropping the cares of business
for a few years and devoting; some 1 of hit
time and attention to the community of which
he Is proud to be a member. (Applause.)
Ban Francisco has framed a charter and we
have heard a great deal about that charter.
We have been toid how that charter has got
to be eavod. but there is one thing that we
have not been told and I wish to impress this
upon the minds of the voters of Ban Fran
cisco, that for the first time In the history of
that charter it is going to be administered
by the Republican party.' (Great arplause.)
The Democratic party has spent two terms
upon it and the Labor party on< term.- and
both adm't that It Is a formidable document
in the hands of any one but themselves. I
tmr.lr. to use a slang expression, we will give
them "a touch of high life" as to how the
charter is to be administered. (Laughter and
great applause.)
In regard to the bond Issue — you have heard
nr.d read a great deal about It. but' you have
thoucht more. You are the people who voted
for them and you are not going to take those
bonds and pux them Into a bankrupt concern.
You are splng to put them in a pa-ty's hands
whom you have known a lifetime: you are
going to put them In the hands af those who
can pay you the best interest; you are going
to turn them over to a party who will ad
mlnleier to the good of the c!ty In a business
like manner. (ADDlaune.) •
I don't want to appear egotistical If I men
tion myself for a few minutes. You have
chosen me from the ranks of the people
Mayers are Instances. They have existed be
fore and they will exist after this term, but
the people of San Francisco are going to give
more care and~attentlon to that office than
ever before in the history of the city. They
are going to do It because m national affalra
we look for appropriations from the Govern
ment: in municipal affairs we must look for
our own Improvements. Therefore, without re.
rard to party "if filiations, every voter Is going
to the polls and he Is going to vote as he
thinks.
WILL DEMAND CAPABILITY.
If I am elected Mayor of San Francisco I
will rive you es perfect an administration aa
it is poetlble for any one man to eive. (Ap
plause.) On behalf of my party, on behalf
of the candidates of that party, I ask your
suffrage. I ask you to indorse the nominations
of the Republican party and I will ack you
to indorse those who are not here to speak
for themselves. I have a particular friend,
vhOM voice has left him. He has been cam
paigning too hard. Percy V. Long. (Ap
plause.) I wish to say that Mr. Jxmg will
be an able man to take the City Attorney'*
office. I wish to eay In behalf of Judge Bahrs
that he is one of the strongest nominees on
the ticket (Applause.) Judge Bann has lost
his voice, but he has a son " here who will
speak for him. ¦ I wish to" lay for "Henry J.'
Crocker, If* you choose, that I will , not try to
run the city officers that have been elected
by the people. They "each have. their duties;
they each have gone before the : people ; each
will have fata duties to perform and I believe
that with the co-operation of . the Mayor and
assisted by their proper officers they will 'give
you a perfect and harmonious administration.
I want to : say In regard to the particular
office of Mayor that no man In my estimation.
WITH waving flags and echoing i
shouts Kcnry J. Crocker, the
Republican standard-bearer, -was
enthusiastically greeted In
Franklin Hall last night by the
voUTB cf the Fortieth Assembly District.
The meeting was by far the most repre
s-native and effective one yet held In any
of iht districts during the present cam
paign. The meeting by the Union Labor
party a week ago was a frost compared
to last night's outpouring. Thero was
genuine enthusiasm displayed and every
;hing points to a rousing majority in this
district on the day of election.
Despite the fact that a physical culture
professor was putting his class through i
Delsarte movements and the meeting: was !
not called to order until 9 o'clock, the j
crowd waited patiently and forgot fatigue
when craters let flow their eloquence.
Mr. Crocker did not arrive at the hall
until late in the evening. He was
escorted to the platform by Jesse Marks,
a Republican who at the primaries fought
the delegates who nominated the well- j
knpwn business man as the leader of the |
Republican party !n the coming municipal
election. The Republican nominee was j
Immediately recognized and hundreds j
sprang *up to get a good look at the can- i
didate and cheor him. The hall resounded" ;
with cheers and the volume of sound I
Feenud to increase as the nominee for j
Mayor got closer to the platform. The '
climax was reached, however, when Mr. i
CroeUer appeared on the stage and bowed j
his acknowledgments to the applauding ,
hundreds who crowded the place. Louis j
N. Jacobs, the candidate for Recorder, j
attempted to continue his speech, but he i
.was constantly Interrupted by some en- j
thusiast calling for "Three cheers for I
Henry J. Crocker." .
Edpar D. Pelxotto called the meeting j
to order and In the course of his wel- j
coming address expressed himself as be- j
ing gTeatly pleased at the large\ attend- i
ance. la part he said:
The voter* cf . the Fortieth District cay
remember that in the primary election held j
net !on_ a«ro one of the tickets n-.is defeated ;
in a friendly contest. The eontert Is over i
and I am glad to say that the Fortieth District j
FJajidjt to-nlrtit united for the Republican
ticket, from Henry J. Crocker flown to the feet j
man en it. lApplause.)
There are no bolters In the Fortieth Dis
trict. (Applause.) It is one of the banner
Republican district.* in this city, and Judging
by the excellence of the Republican ticket
placed In the field this campaign we are as
sured from every source that it wll! be elected
*'}• one of the largest majorities ever had in
this city. (Applause.)
Th!s meeting phcxrg that there 's that ap
preciation for the ticket. Ladles end gentle-
DUs, it Is not my province to emlcavor to
tnt^rtaln you with any remarks. We have a
number of candidate? here and a number of !
-"leakers, who will endeavor to entertain and !
instruct you upon the issues of this campaign
¦ad rive you reason* why we expect you to
-i:ppnrt the ticket. I take great pleasure in
Introducing Dr. C. V. Cross, who will act as
¦hairman of this me-etinz. _____
CHAIRMAN SPEAKS.
I>r. Cross expressed himself as being
hishlv, honored in presiding over such a
pple&dJd meeting. He 6aJd such an out- I
pouring of voters augured well for tho [
success cf th<" ticket. He took ; great j
pleasure introducing Senator Edward I. j
Wolf* 1 , who delivered a good campaign j
speech. Mr. Wolfe proved to be a forcible
rpeaker and held his audience to the end.
In :>art he said:
1 congratulate the Republicans of the For- I
ttrth AfjinWy District upon the magnificent i
at--5=cmblape of ladies and gentlemen that I «¦« j
before me to-nisht. It i* a pleasure to notice
t'i«t fn OHM fcrnemblare to-ni*ht are (rather*-.! 1
th» representative* of the two late factions of j
th- Republican party In this district. I saw i
»hfn I came !n the hall to-nUht as stalwart a I
l«-8d.r a? fesn Marks. '•Billy" Wl!kin«. Henry
At h and r>th<-r* on the side. It shows that the
\ battle within the party If over In this district,
that PlI netty differences are forgotten and
that tbe Republican* will rtand In one *o'.M
phalar x to secure the election Of Henry .1.
Crnrker and th* entire Republican "ticket.
(Great enthu*iaym.>
I at-k you. latfie* and gentlemen, is there any
r<arrn In this cam;>*;xn why eay Republican
rhould refrain from voting his riarty ticket?
Go buck two or three y«ara ago and what did
,«f find in the Republican party? We found
t^e party b.-j?s-ridden. We fcund the politics
controlled in n back room by \t>e or two m.en. !
We found thf- convention dominated by Influ
rncr-t that did net ter.d to the good of this
municipality, and this condition continued along
until the better element in the party " deter
mined that thine? must chance. Out of that
fir-tenr.inatiop came the United Republican
I^npuf. (Applauw.) Men worked unselfishly
f<ir the pood of the party. A ticket was put up
!n the primary composed of R.eoublic*n men !n
the various districts ard more than 13.000 votes
v.rrr- nc!!M for the ticket. The United Repub
lican I>-ajru*"e ticfeat was triumphant; the con
mtvOtm was on panlr»d bee from corporation
tnfiernre. free from bor? rule, and it nominated
a defect from top to bottom that should chal-
Vnp*- t)w admiraUon of every citizen In San
Francises. * • • ¦ '! '
rf Mr. <"Yock'T is elected Mayor he will give
Pan Francisco sn honest, conservative and busi
nr«»--like adrr.ir.islratlon. His life in this com
munity has been an orKn book. Nothing can
b- "aid aealnst hie ptivsla and public charac
ter. He is a r\rzri man of family, and he has
the name Interests In this community you and
I Im— L He 1b a man who don't know the dif
*f*-r«-nce between *. men who earns his bread by
the sweat f>f his brow and the man who T»-ears
'broBd'-'.oth end belnr.es to the Bohemian Club.
A TRUSTED MAN.
We can saf«'.v trust the administration of the
:•.:' .ir- of San Francisco In the hands of Henry
•T. Crocker. <Gr*-at njTilause.) And if this njeet
• ip^ -to-night Indicates anything, and It is one
of the «me kind of mertings that are being
held all over San Francisco the Republican
'ticket will be elected by a large majority vote.
(Applause.)
Maxwell McNutt. a ris'njf young lawyer
of San Francisco, who is n candidate for
Supervisor, was next introduced and was
tjiven a fine reception by the assembled
voters. He had many friends in the hall
: and they shouted that they were In his
• fight and would help him achieve a vic
tory. Mr. McNutt spoke in part as fol-
It U unnecessary for me to — ttempt a dls
ruKrlon cf the Issues of this campaign be
es ue- ihf-y have already been ably handled by
cur friend. Senator Wolfe. Let me eay that all
the candidates for^£ui«r»-iiior on the Republi
can tirket realize the needs of San Francisco.
We know that *he must not only be beautiful
but useful, and knowing that by reason of her
natural position she can command the vast
«r.plrc cf the ocean and bs the Industrial queen
of the Pacific. We are ready to honestly,
faithfully end earnestly devote ourselves to
ih« proi»er «-x:»iidJture cf the vast eums of
-i.onty which will be :>laced at our disposal
»nd we will do all we can to make «an Fran
•lneo net on'.y beautiful but useful and install
wr in the forefront of the cities of the Union.
*ii'-rc «hc Ix iongs. For your attention I thank
'*OU. ¦'>;;'.-::.-•.
George R. Wells, another candidate for
• Supervisor, was introduced and delivered
an excellent address. He devoted his
time to praifilng the wisdom of General
Salomon, candidate for District Attorney;
the honesty and integrity of Harry Baehr
and the faithfulness and usefulness of
. John 3. Greif, candidate for County
Clerk.
. General Salomon was introduced to his
audience as a veteran of the Civil War,
a man who had risen hieh in his party
ranks and one who Is deserving/of the
suffrages of the voters of San Francisco.
The general spoke at length. He told of
; his military record and regretted that
he was not a native son. He said It gave
him great pleasure to address the voters
of the Fortieth District, as It was hl«
j>wn home and he was at ease among
•hem.. He told them how faithfully . he
a ad served the district as a member of
he Legislature. He took occasion to
>raise the ticket and paid a high tribute
. o the leader, Henry J. Crocker. Gen-
Republican Campaign Committee Is Sure
That Crocker Will Win Out
by a Large Majority.
Voters of the Fortieth Assembly District
Crowd Franklm Hall and Cheer for
Standard Bearer.
LARGE MEETINGS AND GREAT ENTHUSIASM IN ALL PARTS OF CITY ATTEST
THAT HENRY J. CROCKER WILL BE NEXT CHIEF EXECUTIVE OF SAN FRANCISCO
THE SAN FBAKCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 23, 1903.
11FRIDAY. OCTOBER 23.
Sun rises 6:26 a. m.
Sun-seta '..;'.'. .; .';.'." ;;:... ....5:23 p. m.
Moon sets ¦..........:...'.... .'. ;'. . . . .7:44 p. m.'
O iTlmel ITimel '" Time Tlmel -.-:•
£ 'j f Ft. I (-Ft. — Ft." Ft.
? 1H W| L W| • HW ¦ LW| •
23 1:47 6.01 6:361 2.5 J2:C0 5.6 7:30 — 0.1
24 2:40 4.8I<"7:22 .2.8 -1:S2 r6.3 8:20 0.1
25 i3:3fi 4.7 8:17 3.0 2:23 5.0 9:12 .0.3
26 4:33! 4.6 9:25|-3.2 ,3:24 ,4.7 10:05 0.8
27 5:30 4.7)10:42 3.2 4:22 . 4.4 11:00 0.8
28 6:21 •.'¦4.8(11:89 3.0 5:32 ,4.2|ll:50 1.0
NOTE— In the \ above exposition of . the tldns
the early moraine tides are. given 'in the left
hand ' column and the' successive tides of the
NOTE — The high • and low I waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide - is the same at both places. ¦-
United Stataa Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Time and Heights of High and Low
Waters at- Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. I Published by official au
thority of the Suoerintendent.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Siberia Takes Big Cargo.
The Pacific Mall Company's steamship Si
beria will sail to-day with a full list of pas
senger* and one of the largest cargoes taken
from this port for some time. Among the pas
sengers will be a number of around the world
parties. J. R. Harry, the Pacific Mall Com
pany's port steward, will make the round
trip on the Siberia. J. L. Carpenter, formerly
In the army transport Bervlce, will act as
port steward during his absence.
Needs Much Canvas.
The French bark Alice Marie, which arrived
Wednesday after a rough passage, will undergo
considerable repair* while In port. While oft
the river Platte and In trying to round Cape
Horn Ehe lost several suits of sails, and be^
fore going on another voyage will have to se
cure almoet a complete outfit of canvas.
; ? . , ¦.. .-
Posted as Missing.
The British ship Mlltonpark has been posted
at Lloyds' ae missing. She -left Liverpool
March 31 for Fremantle. She waa *poken
April 23 In 11 north 27 west and has not been
heard cf since. She was commanded by Cap
tain Tumllty. ¦
Her Machinery Disabled.
The gasoline schooner Bessie K returned
from sea yesterday, having been compelled to
put back on account of her machinery break-
Ing down. »
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The French bark Amiial Courbet waa clear-
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
BIRMINGHAM. Ala..- Oct. 22.— Felix Hall,
alias Henry Jackson, colored, was hanged to
rtay fcr the murder of Norwood Clarke, a
white man. When the drop fell the rope
flipped and the man breathed heavily for ten
minutfs. when he was hauled up ar.d hanged
e second time.
SPOKEN.
Per Btmr Cella— Oct. 22. 60 miles W of Duxr
bury, schr C A Klose,- for San Francisco.:
Schr Bessie K. . Merriam, from Sajj : Fran
cisco Oct 21 for Ran - Vicente Landing, re
turned on account of machinery being disabled.
RETURNED,
Thursday,' October 22.
Stmr State of California, Thomas, San Die go.
Stmr Marshfleld. Dettmers, ' Hardy Creek. .. •
Stmr Czarina,, Johnson,' Coos 'Bay. '• .
Stmr Corona, Johnson, Eureka.
Stmr. Eureka, Jessen, . Eureka.
Etmr Mandalay; Payne, Crescent City.
Stmr Phoenix, Odland, - Mendoclno.
Stmr North Fork, Nelson, Eureka.
Stmr Sequoia^ Thompson, Fort Brag jr.
Stmr Alcatraz, Carlaon. Greenwood. ' '
U S atmr Marblehead, Phelps,, Acapulco; : {
U S stmr Concord. Perkins. Acapulco.- j
V 3 stmr . Wyoming, Cottman, ¦¦ Acapulco. ¦ .
Ship Geo Curtis. Calhoun, Honolulu.
• Ur chlD Balmoral, -Rood, Antwerp. .'•• .
Fr bark Ernest Siegfried, Laurent,, New Cal
edonia. .': ¦ - • .¦ '•• ---- :¦ .*
Schr Marconi, Lawson. Columbia River.' !
Schr Sophie Chrlstenson, Lundvaldt, Grays,
Harbor.
SAILED.
Skipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Thursday, October 22.
Stmr Point Arena. Miller., 14 hours from
Mendoclno.
Stmr Mandalay, Payne, 40 hours from San.
Pedro.
Schr Lizzie Prien, Anderson. 5 days from
Coqullle River. .
Stmr Sequoia, .Thompson, 42 hours from Re
dondo. • . ¦ • ' ' ¦ -
Stmr Santa Cruz, Glelow, 24 hours from
Port Hart ord. . -.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, 40 hours from
San Diego. '¦'•¦ ' ' . ¦
Stmr Westport, Smith, 18 hours from West
pert. . ' ¦ .• - • . ¦ • •¦¦..'
¦ Stmr Cella, Nordberg-,. 20 hours f from Al
bion. - '
Stmr Mlneola, Klrkwood, 98 hours from Ta
coma. ' •• ¦ .
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, 24 houra from Monterey
and way ports. . . '
Schr Ida A. Beck, B hours from Point
Reyes. ¦ '•- - ' ' ' ¦' .
Schr Lily, Bottger, 4^4 . dayt from Umpq.ua
TMver. - : . ' i
SChr Mayflower. ' Goodmanson, G days from
Coquille River. - " •
Schr Man' Etta, Larsen, 6 days from Slus
law.
Schr Fannie Adele, Sarrina. B days' from
Goes Bay.
CLEARED.
Thursday, October 22.
Etmr North Fork, Nelson, Eureka; The Chas
Nelson Co.
Stmr Eureka, Johnson, -Eureka: Pacific
Coast Steamship Co. i
Ship Geo Curtis, Calhoun, Honolulu ; - Welch
& Co.' '• ¦
Fr bark Ernest Siegfried, Laurent. Thlo.
New Caledonia; Roth, Blum & Co.
Fr bark Amlral Courbet, •' Clochee, Ipswich;
Balfour, Guthrle & Co. , x ¦ ' < •
J- J. Cunningham, administrator of the
rotate of Chew Bing Quoia, claims he has
information to the effect that Chew
some time prior to his death turned over
to Louie Chuck $13,800 and directed Louie
to hold the money in trust for him. In
a petition filed by Cunningham In the
Superior Court yesterday he asks that
l«ouie be ordered to appear and show
what has become of the fund.
Wants Louie Chuck Examined.
Captain Armstrong; who is to succeed Rln
der. has a strong contingent of warm friends
at this port and is as well known and highly
considered In all the ports of the Orient. He
T.-as here for many year« as chief officer of
the Belglc, in which vessel he> returned to
England. He i& at present In command of
the Persic, one of the White Star Line's Aus
tralian liners. Armstrong wan probably one
cf the most universally liked officers that ever
Bailed out of this port and when I he left tlu
mantle of his popularity fell upon the broad
ehoulder* of his shipmate. Harry Gaukroger.
row chief officer of the Doric. Armstrong and
Gaukrogrr are both peculiarly gifted in the art
of making friends for themselves and for tho
company In whose service they are risinj. ar.d
in a popularity contest their names would
rtand side by. side at the head of the li-t.
Nobody Is more pleased than Captain Rlnder
at the selection of his successor. "There in
nobody." he said yesterday. "to whom I
would sooner surrender my command than to
Armstrong." Th*« Mongolia will be here about
the end of the year.
Captain John H. Rlnder. commander of the
steamship Coptic, has resigned from the serv
ice of the White Star Line to accept the com
mand of the Pacific Mall Company's new liner
rfcr-KcIia. Chief Officer Bcudnell will com
mand the Coptic for the next voyage, but upon
her return to this port Captain F. H. Arm
strong, who has been appointed to relieve Rin
der. nil! take charge. Captain Rinder is well
known here. His first vlelt was In 1875, when
he came as an apprentice on the British ship
Golden Gate. He was here later as captain
of tfce lark Childwell. He cntpred the service
of thr White Star Line In 1860 and has for
thirteen years been on the steamships char
tered to the Occidental and Oriental Steamship
Conir&ny running between this port and the
Orient. Eight of thoee thirteen years Rlnder
has Iven in command. His appointment to
the Mongolia came as a surprise In the little
world .interested, in , BUch matters and may
cause rome heartburning among those Pacific
Mall officers whose ambition caused them to
count themselves In line for one of the new
Irig ships. Rlnder Is a capable navigator, how
ever, and understands the Oriental trade.
Will Command Mongolia.
The ship George Curtis sailed yesterday for
Honolulu with an assorted merchandise cargo
valued at $-10,978, and including the follow
ing: 1040 bbls flour, 332 ctls oats. 850 cs
canned salmon. 1337 cs assorted canned goods,
240 casks bottled beer, 330 ctls corn. 101,130
lbs bran. 4339 ctls barley. 58,519 lbs middlings.
3418 bales hay 179 rtls wheat. 10.800 lbs salt,
2034 gals wine. *J5,2S5 lbi beans. 2740 lbs peas,
824U lbs bread, 34,078 Ib3 sugar; 780 lbs rruts,
207 pkgs groceries and provisions. COt gals
vlnepar, S60 lbs tea. 7 cs spices, 3120 lbs cof
fee. ."H?30 lbs meals, 375 lbs pearl barley. 8656
gals distillate. 107 Ingots 1 cs copper, 14 tons
plglron. G250 lire bricks. 17 bdls 1 pc pipe,
C40 lbs seeds 15 bdls brooms. 135 carboys 2
pkgs acid, 77" cs 10 bbls paints. 200 sks coke.
W> *ks coal.- 4050 lbs soda. 2671 ft hardwood,
24C0 lbs lard. 1500 lbs candy. 5 crts onions,
SC0.000 shingles, 26 pkgs tank material, 130
cs 2 bbls oils. 5 drums carbide, 7 bales twine,
120 bxs soap' 20 cs matches. I pkg machin
ery 1775 posts. 154 pkgs sewer pipe, 6 pkgs
dry' goods 49 'pkgs' millwork, 202 bdls sash
weights. 1 cs hats.
A Cargo for Honolulu.
ed yesterday for Ipswich England, with 68.
662 ctls barley, valued at $89,387; and 25,000
feet of lumber as dunnage, valued at $375.
FRENCH BARK ALICE MARIE.
AND THE MONGOLIA'S PROS
PECTIVE MASTER.
Decision Affects Aluminum Industry.
NEW YORK, Oct. 22.— A case involving
the entire aluminum industry of the coun
try .was decided here when the United
States Court of Appeals handed down a
decision upholding the .validity of the so
called Bradley patent for snuling by the
use of electricity.
day in the order ot occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the rast tides of the
day, except when there are but three tides, at)
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus (— )
sign precedes the ht-ight. and then th« number
given Is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. • The plane of reference Is the mean
of the lower low waters.
Time Ball.
Branch ' Hydroaraphlc Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco. Cal.
October 21, 1003. '
The Time Ball on the tower of th» Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day
I. e.. at* noon of the 120th meridian, -or at 8
p. m.. Greenwich time. •
J. C BURNETT.
Lieutenant, U. S. N., in charge.
Movements of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. Due!"
Chas. Nelson. San Pedro ... OcT~^3
Rival Willapa Harbor ....'.'.' Oct' 23
Pomona...... Humboljlt Oct 23
San Pedro... Humbont Oct' 24
G. Lindauer.. Grays Harbor .Oct" 24
F. H. Leggett. Humboldt Oct' 24
Queen Puget Sound Ports Oct' 24
R.Monica San Pedro Oct °5
Edith ! Seattle ; Oct' 23
Eureka. ...... \ Humboldt Oct! 25 !
Ramses Hamburg & Way Ports. Oct.' 25
Itonlta Newport & Way Ports. Oct. 25
Hero Oyster Harbor ......... Oct 2G
Redondo Humboldt Oct 26
Newbursc Pan Pedro Oct' *»6 '
State of Cal.. San Diego & Wav Ports Oct' 26
Corona Humboldt ft. Oct "B
Del Norte " Crescent City Oct 27
£lcarta Hamburg & Way Ports. Oct! 27
Chehalls Grays Harbor Oct. 27
Chlco ; Coqullle RJ\er Oct 27
Columbia Portland & Astoria ....Oct'. 27
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. lOct. 27
Arcata..... ... Coos Eay & Port Orford[Oct. 27
Vn^h'p-oVk "U eW J°I k vla Pa nama.|Oct. 2S
North For*,. Humboldt 'Oct •><*
Centennial.... Seattle & Tacoma !loct 28
Santa Rosa.. s an TJlego & Way Ports Oct. 20
Point Arena.. Mendocino & Pt. Arena. Oct "9
City Puebla.. Pufret Sound Ports Oct *>»
Curacao ». Mexican Ports Oct. 29
Coos Bay.... San Pedro & Way Ports Oct. 29
Amer.'Maru.. China & Japan...; Oct 31
S. Barbara... Seattle & Olympia Octl 31
Ralnlor Seattle & Whatcom Nov 1
St. Paul Nome via Seattle. Nov 1
Portland Nome via Seattle Nov 1
G. W. Elder Portland & Astoria |Nov" 1
Alameda Honolulu Nov :{
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports.. \ .!|Nov! 3
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. I Pier.
October 23. — — —
Arcata Coos B.& Pt.Orford 10 amlPier 1.1
C. Nelson... Astoria & Portland 2 pm|Pler 2
Arctic...... Humboldt 4 pm|Pier 10
a T«iY.'" 1 >«' Angeles Forts. 4 pm Pier 2
?r rTSi-V* S™ 1 " Harbor •••• 4 Pm Pier 10
M. Dollar.. Grays Harbor .... 4 pm Pier 2
J 8 !?-' Hamburg Way. Pts 2 pm Pier 19
Siberia..... China & Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
Umatilla... Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 0
_ _ . October 24.
?«¦£,." Los Angeles PorU. 12 m Pier 2
F q L>«wtt" Humbold ' 4 pm Pier 2
t># * JJT! Los Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier lo
Pt. Arena. . Po|nt Arena 4 p '^ ™
Coos Bay.. Ean Pedro & w 9 am P isr 11
Barracouta. N . T . vla Panama . 12 am ™ r «
' ,, , October 25.
S. Monica. . x«o» Angeles Ports. 4 pm Pier 2
2; Kosa San Diego A Way. 9 am Pier It
£ Om ,° na ,--" Humboldt ......... 1:30 p Pier"
G. W. Elder Ast oria & Portland 11 am Per 24
October 2G.
Sf? If*"" ? rays . Harbor < PHI Pier 10
Redondo... Los Angeles Ports. 4 pm Pier 2
Eureka. .... Humboldt 12 m Pier 13
J. Dollar... Seattle & Tacoma. 10 am Pier *>
Marlposa. . . Tahiti 11 am Pier 7
October 2T. • .\J\-
Nevada n... Honolulu .. ... 3 pm I Pier 23
Rival .. Willapa Harbor. .. . 12 mlPler •>
October 2H '¦ | .
Corona Huntboldt .......... 1:30 p|Pier 9
Bonlta . Newport, Way Pts. 9 amiPier 11
Que«n 1 Puget Sound Ports. 11 amlPier 9
- ¦'¦¦¦•: October 2O.
State of Cal San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Sierra Sydney & Way Pts. 2 pm Pier 7
Alliance Eureka & Cdbs Bay 5 pm Pier 16
October 3O. . "
Californian. New York direct Pier 23
Columbia... j Astoria & Portland|ll am Pier °4
Chlco...... Coqullle River..... 5 pm Pier *
October 31. | :
Coptic...... China & Japan. ...| 1 pmlPier 40
Acapulco... N. Y. via Panama. [12 miPler 40
N. Fork.;;. Humboldt .¦.....;.. I 5~pm|Pier "»
: ; : November '2.- | ;* |
City Puebla Puget Sound Porta.|ll amlPier 9
. FROM SEATTLE. -
Steamer. For. " ¦¦ sails.
Nome City.... Cooks Inlet & Way Pts OctT~25
Dolphin .. Skagway & Way Ports. Oct n G
CityTopeka.. Skagway A Way Ports. Oct.' 28
Dlrlgo........ .Skagway & Way Porte. Oct 30
Excelsior..... Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Nov 1
City Seattle.. Skagway & Way Ports. Nov' •>
Bertha....... Valdez , & Way Ports .. Nov* 7
Cottage City.. Skagway & Way Ports. Nov' 8
The squadron will return from Acapulco
In leisurely manner, stopping in Magda-
Iena Bay for target practice and reaching
here in time for the Christmas holidays.
launches, long boats and barges,
shore boats of all sorts and sizes piled
busily between shore and ships carrying
out belated vegetables and other supplies
end bringing ashore friends of the fleet
who had been paying good-by call* to
forecastle and wardroom. The cruiser
Boston, under hurry*-up orders, sailed on
Wednesday and 13 now steaming down
the coast at a fifteen-knot clip doing her
best to show what a cruiser of the Bos
ton's class can do when she is in a rush.
The Marblehead, on which Admiral
Glass flies his flag; the monitor Wyoming
and the Concord, sailed In company and
will proceed with dignified haste to the
Central American port. This is the Wyom
ing's first real sea service and naval of
ficer* will await the result of the cru!se
with considerable interest. Ocean cruis
ing on monitors of the past was trying
in the extreme for all hands. The Wyom
ing, however. Is said to be the best venti
lated shiD In the American navy and the
objectionable features found so uncomfort
able on the Monterey and others of her
class are said to be conspicuous on the
Wyoming by their absence.
THE ships of the Pacific squadron,
with Rear Admiral Glass in com
mand, sailed yesterday for Aca
pulco. All .morning man-of-war
LIVERPOOL— Sailed Oct 22— Stmr Ionian,
for Montreal, via Moville; stmr Mayflower, for
Boston, via Queenstown.
Arrived Ott 22— Stmr : Majestic, from New
York. ... ¦
GRAVESEND— Sailed Oct , 22— Stmr Mem
phis, from Hamburs and Antwerp, for Seattle.
NEW YORK— Sailed Oct 22— Stmr Augusta
Victoria, for Hamburg; atmr La . Bretag-ne, for
Havre; stmr- Grosser Kurfurst, for Bremen;
stmr . Laurentian, for Glasgow.
Arrived Oct 22 — Stmr Bovlc. from Liverpool.
NAPLES-AArrived Oct 22 — Stmr Sicilian
Prince, from ' New York; stmr HohcSzollern,
from New York. • -
GLASGOW — Arrived Oct 22— Stmr Mongol-
Ian, from New York. •
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Oct 22— Stmr Fries
land, from Liverpool, for Philadelphia; stmr
Cedric. from Liverpool, for New York.
ANTWERP— Arrived Oct 22— Stmr Switzer
land, from Philadelphia. J
GENOA — Arrived Oct 22— Stmr Perugia,
from New ' York. - -
HAMBURG — Arrived Oct 22— Stmr Patri
cian, from New ¦ York.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed Oct 20— Br stmr Cal
chas, for Victoria.
Arrived Oct 21 — Stmr Stanley Dollar, from
Java.
ANTOFAGASTA — Arrived Oct 5 — Ger bark
Paul 'Iuwnbcrjf, from Honolulu.
COLON— Arrived Oct 20— Stmr Alllanca,
from New York.
¦ Sailed Oct 20— Stmr Seeuranca, for New
York. .
PANAMA— Arrived Oct 7— Br Ehlp Llnlith
gowshlre, from Newcastle, Aus,
KINSALE — Passed Oct 21— Br shlo Lang
dale, from Portland. Or, for Antwerp.
ISLE OF WIGHT— Passed Oct 20— Br ship
Halewood, from Antwerp, for San Francisco.
HONGKONG— Sailed Oct 21— Br stmr Em
press ot China, for Vancouver.
ACAPULCO— galled Oct 20-Stmr City of
Para, for Panama. • - ' !
VICTORIA— Arrived Oct 22— Stmr Tacoma,
from Hongkong.
HOLYHEAD— Sailed Oct 21— Br ship Hougo
mont, for Vancouver. ,
OCEAN STEAMERS.
FOP.EIGN PORTS,
MANILA— Arrived Oct 21-Stmr Telemachus,
from Tacoma, via Hiogo and Honckong, for
Liverpool.
HONOLULU— Sailed Oct 21— Stmr Nebras
kan, for Kahulul.
Arrived Oct 22— Fr bark Gen de Sonls, from
Penarth.
SEATTLE— Arrived Oct 22— Stmr Nome
City, from Nome; Jap stmr Tosa Mam, from
Hongkong: stmr Centennial, hence Oct 18.
SAN" PEDRO— Sailed Oct 21— Schr J M Col
man, for Grays Harbor; stmr Aurella, for Snn
Francisco; stmr Chas Nelson, for San Fran
cisco. Oct Tl — Schr El Dorado, for San Fran
cisco; schr Bertie Minor, for Eureka.
Arrived . Oct 22 — Schr . Annie. Larsen. from
Tacoma; stmr Prentlfs, hence Oct 20.
REDONDO— Arrived Oct 22— Stmr Aurella,
from Ban Pedro.
PT MICHAEL— Arrived Oct 10— Stmr Port
land, from Nome, . for Seattle. .
Sailed Oct IS — Stmr Roanoke, for Seattle.
.TATOO8H— Passed In Oct 22— Schr Robert
Le were, from Honolulu: bktn Robert Sudden,
from San Pedro, for Tacoma.
Passed out Oct 22— Stmr Robert Dollar,
from Seattle, for San Pedro; Br stmr Wye
flold,- from -Nanalmo.- for San Francisco.
Passed in Oct 22 — BrlR Tanner, from San
Diego, for\.Port Angeles.
Passed out Oct 2*— Schr Mlndoro, for San
Francisco: U R «mr Columbine, for . ¦
ABERDEEN— Arrived Oct 22— Schr Salva
tor. from San Pedro, i
. ASTORIA— Arrived Oct 22— Stmr Columbia,
henco Oct IS. Oct 21— Bark Haydn Brown,
from San Pfedro. Oct 22 — Schr Jas A Gar
fleld.' from San Pedro. . .
HARDY CREEK— Arrived Oct 22— Stmr
Fulton, hence Oct — .
FORT BRAGU— Arrived Oct 22— Stmr Bruns
wick, hence Oct 21. .
PORT BLAKELEY — Sailed Oct 22— Schr
Mlndoro, for San Francisco.. .. .
EUREKA— Arrived Oct 22— Stmr Coqullle
River, hence Oct 20: stmr Redondo. heneo Oct
20: bktn Mary Wlnkelman. from RJdondo.
Sailed Oct 22— Schr Alcalde, for San Pedro:
schr Mabel Gray, for San Pedro;- stmr Pomo
na, for San Fra-nclscd.
SANTA BARBARA — Sailed Oct 22— Stmr
Bonitn. ff>r San Pedro. "
SOUTH itEND— Arrived Oct 22— Schr Excel
sior, from San Pedro.
TACOMA- Sailed Oct 22— Schr El Dorado,
for San Francisco.
UMPQUA— Arrived Oet 21— Stmr San Ga
briel, Irom Sen Pedro.
ISLAND PORTS.
PORT HARFORD— Sailed Oct 22. 2 a m-
Strnr Bonlta. for San Francisco.
WESTPORT- Arrived Oct 22— Stmr Navar
ro, hence Oct 21.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
; POINT LOBOS, Oct 22. 10 p m— Weather
foggy; wind S\V, velocity 12 miles per hour.
TELEGRAPHIC.
NEW YORK, Oct. 22.— Congressman
Livcrnash announced to-day after a five
hour meeting of- the arbitration board
that is considering the San Francisco car
men's wages that the meeting adjourned
to meet again at a time to be fixed agree
able to both sides. Chairman Sttk.uss an
nounced that a decision would be reached
within' twelve days.
Carmen's Case to Be Soon Decided.
«'< '.-orated and Illuminated vehicles on tfie
right preceding the opening day of the
rr,eet at Ingleside race track. This will
be on Thursday, November 5. During the
<!ay automobiles bearing banners and pos
t-re will go up and down the principal
streets of the city. Invitations to Join the
Thursday night parade will be sent to all
the automobllists whose names and ad
•Irerses can be ascertained. C. A. Haw
kins of the White Sewing Machine Com
pany and F. Marriott of the News Letter
have offered silver cups as prizes for the
best two decorated automobiles. .
The Automobile Club of California now
has 125 members, but hopes to double or
treble that number. It was suggested
that the directors lease a suitable build
ing in the environs of San Francisco to
Y>r used as a clubhouse, where members
rr:ay rest, refresh themselves and get
their automobiles attended to. • Some of
thp members are strongly of the opinion
ihat some inducement of this kind is nec
essary to get new members into the club.
It is Dropoiifcd that the clubhouse phall
b*> for the exclusive use of the members of
the Automobile Club and their guests. It
is= believed that a clubhouse would induce
many owners of automobiles who reside
in Alumeda, Oakland. Berkeley and other
towns to become members of the Automo
bile Club of California.
If any profit results from the meet to
be held under the management of the Au
tomcbile Club on the Ingleside race track
next month it is proposed to devote the
money to improving the condition of one
of the roads leading out of San Francisco.
fo as to render travel more safe and
agreeable for the automobilist. The sub
ject of providing a better roa'd between
this city and Monterey was °also consider
ably d:Fcussed. The meeting was held in
the office of the president and was un
usually well attended.
At the annual meeting and election of
officers of the Automobile Club of Cali
fornia the regular ticket was unanimously
elected. The following were chosen as
directors for the coming year: J. X).
Spreckels, R_ P. Schwerin, L. P. Lowe.
<\ C. Moore. S. G. Buckbee, F. W. Mc-
Near and F. A. Hyde. The retiring direc
tors are A. E. Brooke-KiUley, E. P. lirin
<"par. Dr. D. A. Stapler. K. Courtney Ford
and Byron Jackson. At the first meeting
hold by the directors a president, vice
president, secretary' and treasurer will be
chosen.
It was decided that the Automnbile
«'iub of CaJifornia shall hold a parade of
cussed at a Well- Attended An
nual Meeting.
A.UT0M0BILE CLUB ELECTS
NEW BOARD OF OFFICERS
Kai7 Matters of Interest Are Dis-
Mrs. Marchand Owns Land.
Judge Seawell decided yesterday that
Evelyn Marchand. wife of Eduard March
and of restaurant fame, is the owner of
a block of land between the park and the
ocean beach. Her title was disputed by
her husband, who claimed that when he
deeded the property to her he did so
with the understanding that the prop
erty was to remain his until his death.
The testimony showed, however, that he
had given the property to her outright.
He did not question her title until after
she sued him for support.
SALT LAKE. Utah. Oct. 22.— Walter Clark,
manager of the Grand Opera-house at Ogden.
and M'.ss Pearl Steele of Ogden wrre married
at the Elks Club to-day. - '
No useful purposes, therefore, would be sub
served by such determination. An afflmative
opinion could not bs followed by a vindication
of the law;*a negative one might be regarded
as an affirmance of the validity and propriety
of methods dealing with the Government in
cases where, after all, the form of the trans
act len is not to be so much considered as its
substance.
: By "any further action." you mean, I pre
sume, criminal action. There is no occasion,
however, j for me to determine whether the
transaction called in question, and which, you
say is the only one v.-herein there is any evi
dence of violation of law, presents suf Hcient
guarantee for a criminal prosecution under sec
tion 3700. Revised Statutes, since the statutory
period of limitation within which such a prose
cution could be brought elapsed more than a
year ago.
The Attorney General, after discussing
the case in all its phases, says he is of
the opinion that "no part of the consider
ation paid by the Government is subject
to a demand for repayment."
Secretary Root asked the Department
of Justice whether any. further action Is
called for on the part of the Government
and upon the point the Attorney General
says:
WASHINGTON, Oct. 22.— The text of
the' opinion of Attorney General Knox in
the Littauer case was made'public at the
War Department to-day. A considerable
portion of the opinion Is devoted to the
Question asked Secretary Root as to
whether suit should be entered against
Littauer for money paid for the glovea
furnished, the point hinging upon the con
struction of the word "advanced" in the
section of the Revised Statutes which au
thorized suit "for the recovery of any
such sum of money so advanced."
The death of Father Nugent comes as a
great loss to the parishioners, for he was
dearly beloved by these who had known
and appreciated his good work.
Father Nugent leaves a brother and a
sister— Father John F. Nugent and Mag
gie Nugent.
Funeral services will be held In St.
Rose's Church Saturday morning at 10
o'clock, after which the body will be laid
to rest in Holy Cross Cemetery.
The deacons of. honor will be Father
Scanlan of St. Joseph's Church: Father
Michael King of St. Mary's Church. Oak
land; Father Hugh Lagan of Sacred Heart
Church and Father T. Caraher of St.
Francis Church. Father McAuIiffe and
Father Collopy will be the sub-deacons.
Father Nugent had suffered from gen
eral debility for some time and for the
laat six weeks had been confined to his
house. His work, however, was continued
up to a few moments before his death,
as he was conscious to the last.
The body pf the dead priest will lie in
state in St. Rose's Church until Satur
day morning, when high mass will be
celebrated by Bishop Montgomery, who
will be assisted by Archbishop Riordan.
On hi3 arrival in this State Father Nu
gent was appointed Vicar General of the
diocese of Marysville, which office he held
until he was made pastor of the parish
of San Leandro several years later.
Subsequently Father Nugent was trans
ferred to St. Mary's Church of this city,
•where h4 served with the late Archbishop
Alemany up to the year 1873, when he was
appointed pastor of St. Rose's Church on
Brannan street. , . -¦-,
The late Father Nugent waa born in
Newtown, County Hamilton. Ireland, in
1839 and at the age of 23 was ordained
at Chicago, but shortly afterward he
came to California. . •
Father Dennis Nugent died yesterday
morning in the parish house of St. Rose"s
Church on Brannan street.
Circuit Attorr.ev Folk received a dis
patch from the- State Department _ at
Washirg-ton to-day stating: that Kratz
had been arrested at Guadalajara.
The arrest of Kratz was brought about
at the rv-c'Jest of the State Department
of the United States after several con
ferences by Circuit Attorney Folk with
Secretary Hay. in which Folk endeavored
to eecure the return of the fugitive under
the treaty recently 6igned by both gov
ernments. A heavy reward still stands
for Knits.
ST. L^UIS, Oct. 22.— Charles Kratz, for
mer me:r.ber of the City Council, was
indicted February 5, 1902. by ihe Grand
Jury on the charge of bribery in connec
tion with the Suburban franchise deal.
in -which J1TS.OO0 was placed in a safe de
posit vault to be u«ed to pay for the pas
eage through the Council of the franchise
£?ked for bv the Suburban Company.
This money has been recovered and is
now in the hands of Circuit Attorney
Folk. Kratz was released on a bond of
$20,000 and on April 4. W>2. he left the
city before his case went on trial. He
went to Mexico, where he has remained
ever elnce. On April 7 his bond was for
feited.
GrADAUJARA, * M<?xicc. OcU 22 —
Charlps Kraix t a member of the St. I>oul»
City Council. inJicted on a charge of bri
bery, who jumped a $20,000 hc.r.d. was ar
rested to-ciay by the local authorises on
orders from the Federal Government at
the City of Mexico. He will he held, until
officers arrive with reauisltlon papers
from the United States.
Former Counc min Kratz to
Be Extradited on Charge
of Bribery.
Attorney Genera! Says. There
Is Nothing on Which to
Base Civil Suit.
Parishioners of. St Ross's
. Church Mourn. Loss
of Pastor.
Fugitive From St. Louis
Taken Into Custody
at Guadalajara.
This Cruise Will Be the Wyoming's First Real Taste of
Sea Service and Will Be. Watche.d With Keen In
terest by Navy; Officers Who Have Served on Monitors
Death Ends Faithful and
Devoted Service of
Crirri in al Prosecution Is
Barred by Statute of
Limitations.
AGED PRIEST
CALLED TO REST
BOODLER LANDS
IN MEXICAN JAIL
REAR ADMIRAL GLASS SAILS WITH
PACIFIC SQUADRON FOR ACAPULGO
LITTAUER CASE
TO BE DROPPED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY. OCTOBER 23. 1903.
12
. _ : ::..>¦_:._:-...;,•;...¦.:_.•;¦¦-.; -. . ' . -;. : - ; :: , •-.:,¦-¦¦¦¦ ¦ •¦• v ¦ ¦¦'¦ ¦¦- -¦ ¦•-" - .-¦ _•. V
COOK BOOK OFFER TO
CLOSE OCTOBER 30.
: The Call's Cook Book prem-
ium offer will. close on October
30, 1803, and all readers of this
paper who desire a copy of this
household treasure should not
fail to place their order im-
mediately.
This splendid premium will
be offered to Call subscribers at
the exceptionally low rate of
fifty cents par copy. Out of
town orders twenty cents ad-
ditional to cover prepayment of
transportation charges.
OCEAN - TBAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACI FiC
?T&~*~gs*siastst&!s?.
• Jlnla ljn». y»ot Street »
LMm , u — — y^7M~6ctoB«Kil. l:iQi- - *m»iti
/.00» Uentcta. SuIsud. Elmtra »n«» b*. r»
mrnt'. 4 e •
7.W* VicaTllle. Wlnur*. Ranwrr....... 7 Ba^
730* Marines. 8*n M»raon. \*Mo.
Xtpa, Call«oiT». 3«ota ¦ * 2*"
7.30a !«»«••. Ltvermore. Tr«ey. L»tnr«ip.
8 10 * Port Crtta. Jlartlae*. Antkx-b. 1 y-
9 ron.Tr»cy.Stocicion.:<arr*:nenia
Xewmsn. Lo« H<inus. «««"!"'*•
Armoaa. Lemoore. H*af»rd.
Viw»lt». PoTtprvllte ...-•• «.23^
f30A i»ortCoita. M«rttnei. lr«cv L»«n ; 7
rop. ilodfsto. Jlrrced. Kr«»no.
Ontnen Junctron. Lemoorc. H»n-
ford. Vlaalia. Hakersfleld « 5»'
t^0» 8hMU T.xrrri»- l)»r\*. W« l »«w»
Ifor Bsrtlett Spr'nrO. Wll.ow*.
trrnio. l.'crt UlnlT. Portland.. .... '59''
030a 5ile«. San Joae. U»ennore. 9n«c i-
too.Ione.Sacr*Tnt?nt.».ri«rerri..e.
W«rji»lllr. Chico. Ue4 Blna..... «•»'
t.!0i Oatcditle. Chlnetc. Jiamtotn. So-
yarn. Tnolnmne »w\ Angel* Jk.
900a Xartinezand WaySwttoa* » #?'
1000a Vallejo •• • «Z« P
1000a Kl Pa*o Ps»seasr*r. KastDountt —
Tort Ct^ta. Martin ei. Bywa.
Trmcy. Lathrop. Stockton.
' Mrretd. Raymoml. t re«no, l!«n-
ford. VUalta. Bafeerifleld. Los
Angele* «n«J EI Pa«o. ( VTert-
hoard arrtyes «t*Cout Uoe>... «L30p
1000a Tb* OrerUnd Limited — Ugden.
UeBTer. Omaha. Ch1c««o- 5 «E
12 00* Hnyward. Sites and Way Station*. 3-25P
ttXOr.BacrameBtoKlTerStearaerf Ml. 00V
SZQr Ilcalcla, Wtnten. Sacramento.
\¥oo.!;«nd. Knlftht* Landlne.
MaryiTtlle. Oroville «nd way
ctatioaa *9'??
S^Or Haywant.JtIleaandW«y Swtlons.. 7 5Sr
X 3Or fort Cost*. Martinez. Byron.
Trscy, Lsthrop. M o<Je»*o.
Merced. Fresno and Way 8ta-
tlom beyond Port Costa..... ... ]2«*
3 30p Msrtlnfx,Tracy.Stoclttoo Lod!... tO.28*
4 I'Op Marirnez.8*nIUmon.Vallejo,»apa,
Call»to»a,SaBti»Ro«i. v .. v . ••• . J *»*
4 COp Xllea. Tracy. 8tocktoa.LodJ ....-¦ J*« p
4 80p H»yw»nl. Nllet. lrrtBgtott. San I t8.|6»
Jose, Lltennoro. ¦• » ?11.65a
fOOP Th» Owl Limited— N'ewm^n. Lo»
BiBos. Mfnao«a. Fresno. Tulsre.
BakeriOeld. I.os Anfeles • 55*
6C0r Port Co«ta. Tracy. Stockton '%%¥
1b Mr Ha*warn. Slles and San Jote ,1*5*
SCOp llayward.Nllea and San Jose 1025a
6.00p Oriental Mall— O*dea. DenTer.
Omaha. 8t. Loa!^ Chicago aad
v M t. Port Coata, Benlda, Sal-
, iuo, Elmtra. DaTla. Sacraroentu,
Roeklln. Auburn. Colfax,
Truckee. Boca. Keno, Wads-
wurtb. Wlnnemucca, Battle
Monnuln, Elko .- • «•*»»"
6 00" Vanejo, dally, except Sunday. ...( 755,
; OPp Vallcjo. Sunday only ••.- »
Z.COp ban Pablo. Port Costa, Martlnes
and Way Station! ILZSa
t CEr Cr*«t>B A California Expreis— 8ao-
rameato; MaTysTtlle. RtiAlag.
Purtlasd. Puget Sound and East. 8a5»
8 10i» Hayward. Klles and San Jose (Sna-
daTonly) • 11P9*
COAST LINE l>»rr« lii«f«).
< f ool of Market Street.)
t 1B» Newark, o'enterTtlle. San Joae.
K»-lt<>u. nonlner Creeic 8anta
Crux a»J Way Stations B.53P
•» 16r Newark. Cent«r»!lle. San Jose.
)iew Alrnaden.Los Gatoc.FeUoo.
ISooidfr Creek, 8anw Crui and
Principal Way Stations 10 55a
« IBp Newark. 8an Jose, Los Qatos and
war itatioaa tS.55a
3 30p Huntera Train. Saturday only. San
Joae and Way Stations. Sunday
only returns from Los Gatos if 25p
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
¦ uiii SAN MtANC'lSCO. Kootof Market 8t. (Sl![»«>
— 1".:15 »:00 11:00 A.M. 100 3.00 Ei-iSp.ll
rom OAKLAND. Koot of Broadway — t«:00 »:»
18:03 10:00 A.M. 1200 200 4-00 P.M.
COAST LINE <»road Uaojje).
tF" cinlrd »aJ Tawn»end Strecta.)
6 10a San Joae and Way Station* 8 30p
7 00a San Joae and War Stations 6 3Sp
800a New Almaden (Tats.. Frld., only. 4.IOP
8 00a Coast Line Limited— Stops only Ssn •¦.
I Jose. Gllroy (connection for flol-
llater), Pajsro. CastroTllle, Sa- ,.
Unas. San Ardo. Paso Rohles.
Santa Margarita. San Lais Ot>1«p».
ITlncipul station* thence S-.irf
(connection for Lompoc) princi-
pal atatlons thence Santa Bar-
bara and Los Angeles. Connec-
tion st Castrovtlle to and from
Monterey and Pacific Grore 10.45*
8.DBA Ban Joie. Tres Plnos, Capitols.
Santafrnx.PactQcGroTe.Sallnaa,
San Lnls Obiopo and Principal
Way Station* 4.1V
10.30* fan Jose and Way Stations 1-20p
1130a Santa Clara. San Joie. Los Gatos
and Way Stations 7. 3 Op
1-30p Sao Jose and Way Stations 8 38-*
A.OOp Pacific Grore Rxprets— Sanf aClara
&an Jose. Del Monte. Monterey,
Pacific Grove (connects at Santa
Clara for Santa Crax. Uoatder
Creek and Narrow Gauze Polnta) ..
-at Gllroy for Holllater. Trea
- Pinos. atCastroTllle for Salinas. 1215»
SZOr Gllror Way Passenger 110 45a
t4 4 5p Ban Jose, (via. Santa C4ara) Loa
Gatos, and Principal Way Sta-
tions (except Snmlay) *9 28»
!5JCr San Jose and Principal Way Stations »3.0Ua
8-OOp 800 set Limited. Eastbound.— San
, Lais Oblspo. Santa Barbara. Los
Angeles, Iteming. El Paso. New
Orleans, New York. (W«*tboand
arrtTes rtaSan Jo«qurn Valley) .. tr9 25a
tS.ISP San Jlateo.Berepford,B»lmon:.Saa
Carlos, Redwood. Fair Oaks.
Menlo Park. Palo Alto 18.43a
£.?0> San Jose and Way Stations 6-38 a
11 .30p South SanFrancisco. Mlllbrae. Bnr-
Ilngame. San Mateo, Belmont,
San Carlos. Redwood. Fair Oaks,
Menlo Park, and Palo Alto 8-45p
al1-30r Mayfleld, Monntaln View. Sunny-
<^. . rale. Lawrence, Santa Clara and
. San Jose t9-45f
A for Morning. f for Afternoon.
i Sunday only.
I Stops at all stattoas on Snnday.
t Sunday excepted. a Satnrda? only.
* Via Coast Line. ttVla San Joaquin Valley.
C"~Only trains stopping at Valencia Si. aonthboaod
•re 1: 10 a.m.. t7:C0A.»i ..11:30 a.m.. 3:30p.m. end «:.*) P».
— / - "
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
BAIT. WAY COMPANY.
Tibuxon Terry, Toot ot Market Stxtat.
SAB 1 FRANCISCO TO SAW EATAE1..
WEEK DATS?— 7:30. 9:0O. 11:00 a. m.; 13:33.
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
at U :30 o. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:30,
5:00. 6:20, 11:30 p. m.
SAW BA7AXL TO SAW PRAWCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— «:05. 7:33, 7:50. 9:20, 11:15
a. m.: 12:50, 3:40, 5:00. 5:20 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:05 and 6:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 9:0O. 9:40. 11:15 a, m.; 1:40. 3:40.
4:63, 6:05. 6:25 p. m.
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San PTandsco. I Sept. 27. 1903. [San Franciscc.
Week, 1 Sun- I . Destlna- ) Sun- I Week
Days. I days. | tlon. | days, f Days.
• :30 a 8:00a 9:10 al 9:40 a
0:30 a Ignacio. 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30p 3:30p . . . 6:05 p| 6:20 p
5:10 p 5:00 p ( 7:35 p|
7:30a 9:10a 8:40 a
8:00 a Xovato. 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p 9:30 a Petalurna. 6:03 p 6:20 p
B:10p 3:30 p and 7:35 p|
¦ 5:00 p Santa Rosa. |
7:30 a 10:4O a!10:2t> a
8:0Oa Fulton. 7:35 p 6:JOp
3:30 p 3:30 p . > |
Windsor. ]
, 7:30 a 8:00 a Healdsbura;. 10:40 a!10:20 *
Ly tton. ;
3:30p 3:30p Geyservtlle. 7:35p!6:2Op
Cloverdale. |
7:30 al 8:00 al Hopland. 110:40 a:i0:20 a
3:30 a| 3:30 pi and Ukiah. I 7:35 pj 6:20 p
7 :30 ajTicOal Willtts. | 7:35 pj C;20 p
7:30al 8:00 a| (10:40 a',10:20 m.
3:30p[3:30pl Guernevirie. | 7:35 p| 0:20 p
7:3Oa| !*:COa| Sonoma. I 9:lt>a| S:IOa
5:10 pi 5.00 p[ Glen Ellen. 1 6:05 p| 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 af 110:40 a|10:20 a
3:30p|3:30p> Sebastopol. |7:33p|6:U0p
STAGES connect at Ureen Bra* for San
Quentln; at Santa Rosa tm- V.'lilte Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton for Altrurla and Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Sprlnsa; at «Je>-
serville for Skajrsrs Springs; at i.ioverdale ror
the Geysers. Booneville and Greenwood: al
Hopland for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs,
Kelseyville. Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay. LaK'-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Lklah for Vichy
Springs. Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs. Upper Lake. Porno.
Potter Valley. John Day's. Riverside. L!erly'».
Bucknell's. Sanhedrin Heights, Hullville, Orrs
Hot Springs. Halfway House, Comptche, Cam^
Stevens, Hopkins, Mendoclno City, Fort Brags.
Westport, Usa»; at WlUIts .for Fort Bra**
WestiwrV Sherwood. Cahto. Covello. Leyton-
vllle. Cummincs. Bsll's Springs, Harris. O!-
ser.'.o. Dyer.' Garbervllle. . • Pepperwood. Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Sunday round-trip tickets at" re-
duced rates.
. On Sunday round trip tickets to all poin's
beyond San- Rafael at half rates.
Ticket' office. -630 Market streei. Chronic!*
buildlr- r _
H. C. WHITING. R. X. KYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gan. rasa. Agt.
KAIL WAY TBAVKL.
ml YA
I OALIFORNIA : ( J
i LIIRBTED TO CHICAGO |
Jb Leaves Blondays end Tharsdays j=
fi at 0:30 a. m., through In 3 days, |
H with diner and all trappings. f$
Other Santa Fe Trains :
oiin ?" «' t for Stockton, Fresno, Bakcnfield*
8:00 p.' m. : ) Mer c«W Haaford and Viaalla.
4.00 p. m. for Stockton.'
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City, Graad Canyon and
Chicago.
Tzckbt Of pic*: 641 Market St., and Farnr
Depot. S. P. Also 11U Broadway, Oak-
land, Cal.
SAN QUENTIN,
lllliigiiils MILL VALLEY*
HbMSJS CAZADERO.ETC.
||ggg|g^g|g|||| via liausalito Ferry.
Suburban Service. Standard Gauge Electric—
Depart from San Francisco Dany— ,:0u. •8:00.
•0:00. *10:00. 11:00 a. m.. n2:20/ n:45. »J:15.
4-i5 »5:15, 6:15. 7:00. 8:45. 10:20. 11:45 p. m.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
—Dally— 5:25. •«:35. »7:4O. »S:35. *9:35. "11:C5.
a. m.. »12:20, 1:45. «2:55, *3:15. 4:45. *5:45.
•6:45. 8:45. 10:20 p. m.
Trains marked (•) run to and from San Quea-
KROM MILL, VALLEY TO SAX FRAN-
CISCO— Dally— 5:45. 0:55. 7:52. 8:55. 9:55.
11:20 a. m.. 12:35. 2:00. 3:15. 4:05, 5:05. 6:05.
7:05. 9:00. 10:35 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
8:00 a. m., wetk days— Cazadero and way
stations. -
5:15 p. m., week days (Saturdays excepted) —
Tomales and way station*. ¦
3:15 p. m.. Saturdays— Cazadero and way
stations.
Sundays only— 10 a. m.. Point Reyes and way
stations. ¦ . -
TICKET OFFICE— 62C Market st.
FERRY — Union Depot, foot of Market st.
Mt. Tajvialrais Railway
- Leave YU Sjaulito Ferrr Arrive
San Francisco Foot f f M»rkn 5t SanFrancisco
Week Sun- m : Sun- Week
Pays^ days >SS«W&V days Days.
•1I:JO i *8:OOa f*^v>fl3n3ra 13:0."»r 10:401
•l:45p 9:00a ISaSSUif t:S5p 3:5jp
5:15p 1O:OOa TC|k«5v 2:5<>p 5:5Op
11:OOa VS^sSSgr 4:5Op 9:3Op
1:45 p 5:5Op _.
~.r~.... 3:l5p -^C^--: ~*iB»y '-.,-, .-.,..
'Connect with itap for ** Jipsta md \f illow Ctai •
net ir i 626 Markkt Sr.,(N'ortb Shore Katlroadj
OfflCB ) and Saus alito Ferry. Foot Market St.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
ftvom" "
THE CAUSE
V OF
DISEASE
Nine-tenths of til our disease*!. '\t
have their beginning with
CONSTIPATION
It is a duty we owe to our
body to secure a free move-
ment of the bowels once every
day. The one reliable remedy
for constipation is
HUNYADI JANOS
THE NATURAL UXATIVE WATER.
Half a glass on arising gives
prompt and pleasant relief.Poultry and Game.
Aside from a fair demand for young Turkeys,
Nezv York Metal Market.
HEW TORK. Oct. 22. — Spot tin advanced 15s
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — IWestlnghse com.. 65
Call loans .-. 304 Mlnlnr —
rime Ibans 6@6 Adventure ....... 3%
Bonds— lAJlouez 4%
Atchison 4s W%[ Amalgamated ...3616
Mexican Cen 4s.. 68 . Daly West 33%
Railroads — Bingham 20%
Atchison ... .... Bd\i Calumet & Hecla.450
X>o pfd 19 Centennial ....... 15&
NEW TORK. Oct. 22.— The cotton market
opened easy at . unchanged prices to a decline
of five points and closed steady at a net ad
vance of 4@10 points. ' •
Nezv York Cotton Market.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:" ' • ' : . ¦
'¦ BEEF — C<S7u . for Steers and - 696a per - lb
for Cows. . . ¦ ¦ •¦ - .
VEAL— Large.. 6®7c; small, . 8®9c per lb. ••
MUTTON— Wethers. 7%©8c; Ei*es. 7©7%c
per pound. - .,
LAMB— 0@10c per i pound.
PORK— Dressed -Hogs, ;8W©9*4c per pound.
nSttSWBBl LIVESTOCK MARKET. : CT^^i
The local packers still report arrivals of
Hogs • fully equal to - the demand, and prices
show no change. > ' ¦- ' '
DRESSED MEATS. .
Meat Market.
St. Louis Wool Market.
8T. LOUIS. Oct. 22.— Wool, firm; medium
grades combing and clothing. 17#21 %c; light
fine. 15@17%c; heavy fine, 12@14%c; tub wash,
ed. 20®30c. ..
Oil Stocks— Bid. Asked,
Alma 1 40
Apollo ...... 40
Associated Trust Certificates IS , 20
Astec . ...... .... * 90
California Standard .......: 11 12
Caribou ........ 1 00 1 05
Central Point Con 65 - ....
Chicago Crude 19 ....
Claremont 25 28
Esperanxa '. 130 . ...
Four 68 70
Fulton .>.... ••• 3 75 ....
Giant ;.....¦'.... ~ 20
Hanford ....132 00 134 00
Home ...... • 87% ....
Imperial .... is
Independence .18 19
Junction .... •«•« .... 19
'Kern ...... .... SOU
Kern River ....' 1360
Lion -..»¦.'.... ¦..*.....; 03 ? ;...-
Monarch (of Arizona) 60 62
Mont* Cristo .."....- 73 ....
Occidental of W Va..:.... 17 10
Oil City . Petroleum ....... 28 30
Peerless .V 13 60 i... !
Pittsburg •;;¦...." ; SO
Reed Crude ". r. ....•....• 41 43
SF A McKlttrlck 2.75 ....
San Joaquln O & D........ 6 25 ....
Senator .....'. ............ •..".. 75
Sovereign 38 40 !
Sterling ...... ............. .;.."" 2 HO
Superior .08 07
Thirty-Three ? • 7 60
Toltec 21 ....
Twenty-Eight ........ ...... 4 25 ....
California Stock and OilExchaixge
There was some little Inquiry for. low priced
river Bur'banks for. shipment to the South
west, but- prices showed no Improvement, the
market being weak, with supplies far in excess
of the demand. Salinas were In good request
locally' and ruled steady at previous price*.
Sweets arrived freely and as a portion of the
receipts were : very poor prices ranged lower.
Fancy Onions were well cored for at 75ig80c per
cental, while Inferior quality offerings were dull
at e0@70e. - ."• -
Conditions In the vegetable, market showed
little change from the previous report, sup
plies being ample 'and- trade fair. Tomatoes
were" the: most plentiful description, and, al-.
though strictly fancy stock sold up to COc per
box, the common run of .; offerings were rathe.'
easy at ¦: 25040c. ¦ Green Corn, Okra and Bell
Peppers were easier, '. as offerings were of poor
quality. Cucumbers ¦• ruled steady under " con
tinued light receipts.: -'¦ Marrowfat Squash was
In free supply and sold In a peddling way at
lc per pound. ' There was not much trading In
round lots on the vwharf and the quotations
were largely 1 nominal. » Small quantities ¦• of
Hubbard were received and - were offering at
Iffll %c per pound. . - : .
POTATOES-^Burbanks ifrom the rl\-er. 40@
70c per ctl ; ¦ Salinas Burbanks. $1 25©1 45 • pe
ctl* Oresron Burbanks, 75000c per ctl: River
Reds, 00®75c per ctl; Sweet Potatoes, $1@1 25
per ctl. »"'• : ' ,/•"'-¦
•¦ ONIONS— <30«J8Oc per ctl. .: -
VEGETABLES— Green Corn, 50@75c . per
sack; Green Peas, 2@3c per lb; String Beans.
lV4®2%cper lb; Wax, 2%(j?3%c;;Llma Beans
3ifj>4c per lb: Tomatoes,- 25000c per box: Summer
Bquash, 40®50c per box :. Cabbage, 00c per; ctl;
Carrots, 75c P«r sack; Cucumbers.' 5O@60c per
box; Garlic., 3C4c per lb: Green Peppers. S5«
60c per box for Chile and 50*i?S5c . for • Bell ;
Green Okra. 60@75c per box; Epg Plant, 6O(8>e5o
per box; Marrowfat Squash," $10@12 per ton.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
ST, JOSEPH. • ,
ST.. JOSEPH, Oct. 22.— CATTLE— Receipts,
2500; steady to 10c lower; natives, *4@5 40:
cows and heifers, $1 23® I 00; stock era and
feeders. $2 C0©4 16.
HOGS^Recelpts. 2100; 10@15c higher; light.
$5 ir.'S'i 35; medium and heavy, $."7T. r > .15.
SHEEP— Receipts, 2000; lambs. $5 60.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Oc». 22. — CATTLE— Receipts. 10.
000 Including 500 Texans nnd 2000 Western;
eteady to 10c higher; rood to prime steers,
$5 30tfj5 90- poor to medium, $3 5W?5;- stock
erg and feeders. $2 25SI 10; cows, $1 :K@4 33;
heifer*. $203 85; canners, $1 35©2 60; bulls.
$2@4 33: calves, $2ft"; Texas t f<?d atetrs, $2 75
©.1 50: Western steers, $384 i5.
HOOS — Receipts to-day, 1S.000; to-morrow,
12,000; mostly 10c higher; mixed and butchers,
$1 5004 80; good to choice heavy. . $5 45®5 80;
rough heavy $4 9. r >@-5 35; light, $5 25@5 80;
bulk of Fales, $.13505 60.
SHEEP— Receipts, 25,000; sheep and lambs,
steady to 10a lower; good to choice wethers,
$3tf4! fair to choice mixed, $2®.1; Western
sheep, $2 2504; native lambs,. $3 25@5 CO;
Western lambs, $3 75@5. / m
Eastern Livestock Market.
Hides continue easy. In sympathy' with the
Eastern markets, and the ¦ demand Is slack.
Wool la still quoted dull, with the market not
absorbing the receipts very fast. Hops rule
firm, as already mentioned, with buyers again
In the field. ¦ '
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell
about 1 %c under quotations. ; Heavy Salted
Steers, 'J%c; medium. 8%c; light; 8c; Cow
Hides, 8c for heavy and 8c for light; Stags,
Cc; Saltfd Kip. 8%c: Salted, Veal,' 9%o-
Salted Calf, 10c; dry Hides, 15@15%e; dry Kip
1.1c;. dry, Calf, 17c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 250
SOc each; short Wool, 40® 60c each: medium 70
©HOC; long Wool, $1©1 50 each; Korse Hides,
salt, $2 75 for large and $2@2 B0 lor medium,
$1 UCtfl 75 for small and. 6Oc for Colts; Hore*
Hides, dry. $1 76 for large, and $160 for me
dium. $101 25 for small and 50c for Colts.
Buck Skins— Dry Mexican,- 3'Jc; dry- salted
Mexican, 25c; dry Central American, •32c.
Goat Skins— Prime Angoras, 75c;* 'large Snd
smooth 60c; medium, 35c; small, 20c. '
TALLOW — No.' 1 rendered, 4VaC per lb: No.
2. 4c; grease, 2%@3c. - : , , ,
¦ WOOL — Fall clip — San Joaquln Lambs'. 9©
lie; -Middle County, ll@12c; Northern Free
ll@12c; Northern Defective, 10i311c; Hum
boldt and Mendodno, 125? 14c: Nevada, 13@16c;
Oregon, flnej 18@19c; v Oregon, mtdlum, l"c
per lb. '
HOPS — 20623c per lb for California and 20®
23c for Oregon.
Hides, Wool} Tallow and Hops.
ly a ripple in the market, although
markets" ehowod the continued neces
f-ity of precautionary measures at Plttsburc,
Ffff-h as refraining from trading in bank Mocks
unVl the provision of a two million dollar safety
trun fund among the banks. London also af
fect*-d this market unfavorably, owing to a
fr**h outbreak of fears of war between Russia
and Jaji&n. The labor disputes on the Manhat
tan and the Pennsylvania Railroad systems
wene under discussion In Wall street, but did
oiot eeem to be much regarded in the trading.
Dissatisfaction was ezpiessed at the condi
tions in the coal trade growing out of the large
aVcurnulttion cf neam pizes of anthracite and
in? active competition thereby produced with
the large production of bituminous coal for
rhipment to the seaboard. The latter traffic is
reported to b* In a e^riouply demoralized condi
tion, and at the same time the assertion gained
rurrency that the Attorney G*n*ral of Vlr-
Einia contemplated a proceeding to contest tbe
control by the Pennsylvania end the Baltimore
and Ohio cf the Norfolk and Western and
Chesapeake and, Ohio. Tbe effect of these de
* * ¦ ; T.'.*r. ' f was not more than nominal and
•!id not prevent ia advance which Included
.representative Ftocks in most cf the prominent
groups, the coaler* not excepted. The character
of the market seemed to have changed «O far
that, instead of selling etocks on every piece
of good newe. as has been the case recently,
there wan a disposition to buy stocks on un
favorable public announcements, thus arguing
the tendency to accumulate etock. The very
I °* d . and active bond * market, which has
»ho»e<3 progrepgive Increases for several days
5£fV,. 1 , an . e3t *»Ple of the same ten
dency. \Mth fund* accumulating in reserve*
and a growing ease In the money market.
i^TL!* n !L?T r **P«ctaUon that high lnter-
JLZ2£2 6 * P»™«Rent. and on this as
sumption high rrade bonds are attractive at
>re T^ 'r* 1 of Prices. The special de-
,!%??! oca U mone r BUppUes by reason
1 y^trZZlSVl,* 1 BaJUmur « *"<J Plttstirg have
S the *?¦* ot th « local money mar
•« V. #v«. .i" 01^' 01 " lh * Prevailing ease ee«ns
lL?Zi ? a , hc " vy borrowings ex-
Z.Jt™,*- V 1 }* if corroborative of tbe reports of
curtailment in betterment work by the railroads
ana Is capable cf an unfavorable Interpretation,
but It has eerved to ease the pressure on the
NEW YORK. Oct. 22. — The movement' of
prices for etocks was agaJn unconclusive, the
net changes being for the most part trivial.
Ixjeses predominated at the end of the day,
but the market had generally advanced In face
cf the unfavorable developments. The suspen
sion of an Allegheny. bank, growing out of the
failure yesterday of the Federal Na
• •.- : Bank of Pitt^burg. caused scarce-
*
New York Stock Market.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— ?'_ J- . Dec.
Opening r •;• « 6? s
Closing •: 6 5%
PARIS.
Wheat— . . -Oct. Jan-Apl.
Opening •¦• 2J W *\ W
ClMintr 21 60 21 15
O^nlne" 82 SO 28 65
opening o||nl
Closing 32 2O »»w
: Foreign Futures.
Beans continue unsettled, with large arrivals
of the new crop and some buying to fill shorts.
Prices show no further variation worthy of
note, however. .
BEANS— Bayos, $2 40@2 50: Pea, $3 25; But
ters, S3 25; small White, $2 900.1 25; large
White, $2 50^2 90; Pink. $2 40@2 50: Red,
$2 90@3; Lima. ?3; Red Kidneys, $4 15(34 25;
Blackeye, $2 25® 2 40 per. ctl; Horse Beans,
$1 50@2. .
SEKDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, $2 C5; Flax, $1 70lg:l SO; j Canary,
6<&5%c for Eastern; Alfalfa, 12@13c; Rape,
l^e-'^e:" Timothy, 0@<i%e; Hemp. SK@3So
per lb; Millet, 3{j3%c; Broom.Corn Seed. $209
23 per ton.
DKIED PEAS— Green, $1 80®2 per ctl. '
Beans and Seeds.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was steady. Creamery. 15%@21c; Dai
ries 14@lSc. Ekks. 18@20c. Cheese, 10%@llc.
' 'Afternoon Session.
Board—
10 Cal Wine -Assn. a 90 9.1 50
60 Cal Win* Assn. s SM> 92 60
25 Contra . Costa Water, b 30 40 00
"15 Contra Cost* Water.... 40 00
5 Contra Costa Water-... 42 60
6 Contra Costa Water 41 00
15 Mutual Electric Light 1125
25 Onomea Sugar Co, s 90 32 62%
25 Onomea Sugar Co 32 tii %
10 S F G A Electric Co 60 60
155 8 F G * Electric CO 67 CO
1OO Trustees'. Certificates (S F O A E) 6» 75
Street —
$10,000 Los Angeles Ry 6 per ct bonds.113 00
7 Alaska Packers' Asan ...154 00
$2000 8 P of Arizona (1910)..... 1OS 75
15 Sprins Valley Water Co 40 00
7 8pring Valley Water Co i 39 73
140 Trustees' Certificates (S F O A E) 66 60
Board —
Morning Session.
Alaska Pack. — 154% Oceanic S C— 7
Cal Fruit As. 94 — Pac A F A. 2% —
Cal Wine As 02 93 Pac C Borz.lS? —
MISCELLANEOUS.
Hana P Co. — 75c iKilauea S C. — 6
Hawaiian C. 44 46% Makawell C. 21 22
Honokaa 8 C 13 — Onomea S C. 32% 32%
Hutc S P C 10% 11 JPaauhau S C 15> 4 16k
SUGAR.
Giant 66 67& Vlgorit —
Articles — Receipts, Shipments.
Flour barrels 33.300. 17.7CO
Wheat, bushels 118.S0O 120,000
Com bushels 84.700 ! 2fil.7C0
Oats bushels ..449,200 28.000
Rye bushels 273.900 lCfl.100
Barley bushels ,7,000 2.C0O
COTTOLENE— One hajf barrel. $%c; three
half barrels, 9%c; one tierce, 9%c; two tierces
Be; five tierces, ST4e per.lb. •
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 12c per Ib for
heavy, 12?4c for light medium. 14'/4o for light.
15c for extra light, 18c - for sugar-.-nired and
19c for extra • »u«;ar-cured; . Eastern sugar
cured Hams, 15%c; California Hams 14-Hc*
Mess. Beef, $1160 per bbl: extra Mess!
$12@12 00; Family. $13013 00; prime Mess
Pork, $19; extra clear. $25; Mes*. $20- Dry
Salted Pork, 12>4c; Pig Pork. $28; Pigs' Feet
$5 26; Smoked Beef. 15o per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 7%c per lb for
compound and y«tt'/4c for pure; half barrels
pure. 9^c; KMb tins, 9%O10c; 5-lb tins. 10UO
10%c; 3-lb tins. : 10H®lO%c - .
The Western markets are still dull and drag
gins, but there was little change at Chicago
yesterday. The only change here was a de
cline of >ic in Cottolene.
Provisions.
Cash quotations were as follows:
. Flour steady; No. 3 spring wheat. 77®81c;
No. 2 red. 80%® 82c: No. 2 corn. 44c; No. 2
yellow. 45045'ic; No. 2 oat?. 35%c; No. 3
white, 35%@.18Hc; No. 2 rye. &4%c; fair to
choice matting barley. 47@54c; No. 1 flaxseed.
P2c; No. I Northwestern, 98c; prime timothy
seed. $2 72H; mess pork, per barrel, $11 10«8
11 12%: lard, per 100 pounds. $6 47%®6 50;
short ribs side* (loose). $7 25@7 75; short clear
sides (boxed). $7 12%@7 25; whisky, basis of
hltrh wines $1 25; clover, contract grade.
$10 75.
There is no further change- to report under
thin head. Business Is fair.
FRUIT — Apricots, 7©0%c . for Royals and
Vtfiillc for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples. 4Vi
65%c; sun-dried. 3%®4c: Peaches, 6@7c;
Pear*. «?®10c; Nectarines, 4@5',4c; Figs, white.
464%c in boxes; black. 414c. Plums, pitted,
C#9c per lb. "
PRUNES— 1903 crop, 2%®3c for the four
sizes.
RAISINS — F. o. b. prices, Fresno, for 1903
crop: &0-lb boxes — I<oose MubpruI. 2-crown,
5iic per lb; 3-crown, 5%c; 4-crown, 0%c; Seed
less Muscatels, 4%c; do floated, 4%o; un
bleached Sultanas, 4 V4c; Thompson's Seedless,
r>i»e. London Layers— 2-crown, $1 25; 3-crown,
tl 35; 4-crown clusters, $2; 6-crown Dehesas,
$2 60; 0-crown Imperials, $3; Malaga Loose, 2
crown, 6c per lb; do 3-crown, 5%c; Valencia
Cured, 4^ic; Pacific do, 3%c; Oriental do, 2ftc.
Seeded Rulmlns — 16-oz. -packages, fancy, 8c per
Ib; choice, 7%c; 12-oz. packages, ' fancy, 6%c;
choice, 6%c; in bulk, fancy, 7%c; choice, "!%c.
NUTS — Walnuts. No. 1 softshell. 13%o; No.
2, ll%c; No. 1 hardshell. 13c: No. 2. lie;
Almonds, lie for Nonpareils, lOHjc for I X L,
lofic for Ne Plus Ultras and S%c for Latigue
doc; Peanuts. 6@7c for Eastern; Pecans, 11©
13c; Cocoanut*, $4 50@5; California Chestnuts,
10<iTlOc per lb.
HONEY— Comb, new, 12@14c for white and
Offlillc for amber; new water white extracted,
5}A<$<!c; light amber extracted, 5c; dark,
a'/jtt-J'/ie. .
BEESWAX— 27©29c
Dried Fruits,Njtts, Raisins, Honey
Articles — Open. High. Low. Clos*.
Wheat No. 2— . •
December M\\ 8<Hi 79^ -9^
May 78% 70 78% 78Vj
Corn No. . 2 —
October 43% 4,174 43*; 43V
December 44X4 44% ** 7 A 44
May •„. 42% 43>4 42% 42!i
Oats No. 2 —
October .If.%
D<?cember 35% 35*6 S5'4 35<&
May .10% • 36% 3C% SC'4
Mess Pork, per barrel —
October 1110
January 11 R5 11 87^ 11 85 11 S7W
May 11 00 11 97'.4 11 67H 11 97H
Lard, per 100 pounds —
October « 47% 6 47>4 6 45 6 45
January 6 r.?V» 6 R"H 6 62>£ 6 65
May 6 60 6 05 6 CO 6 65
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds —
October 8 60 8 50 8 25 8 25
January 6 20 6 22»4 6 20 6 22*4
May 6 32^4 6 32V4 6 32% 6 32>-i
"Shipments of Hay show a marked falling
off for the past, week, the total with to-day'a
arrivals being 2400 tons, a decrease from, the
week preceding of 800 tons. There is some
little complaint about the. scarcity of cars, oth
erwise shipments might have been a trlno>
heavier. Trade is not overbrlsk, however, and
It seems to be the determination of all holders
of Hay to realize pome profit on their country
fetor Its. A lull Is always to be expected this
time of the year, for mo5t consumers have been
busy stocking up their barns during the sum
mer and early fall. A fairly good export trade
can be noted, however, and a continuous move,
ment of Hay toward Interior points is re
ported. It is yet too early to speculate about
the weather, but the way the rain Is holding
off is exciting some speculation as to what the
season will be. - •
"On our market here nothing of interest can
be reported, the retail trade taking Its usual
quota, which demand is mostly for choice
wheat Hay. Straw Is In rather light supply
and is selling fairly well. Alfalfa Is a trifle
easy, owing to more plentiful shipments. In
some districts the fifth crop Is now being har
vested and in due time will be marketed If
the weather remains clear. The cheaper grade
of Hay, what Is termed stable Hay, is a trifle
easier in price, although very few concessions
have been made In figures to effect^ sales.
Therefore, although the market Is a bit quiet,
we can report no change from the quotations
of last week."
iBRAN— $21 50023 per ton. "
MIDDLINGS— $27628 50. per ton.
SHORTS— $21 6OQ23 per ton.
FEKDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $24@25 per
ton; Oilcake Mral at the mill. $20(326 60; job
bing. $27«?27 60; Cocoanut Cake. $21@22: Corn
Meal. $.*50@.'Jl: Cracked Corn, $.10 5O@31 60-
Mixed Feed, $22 C0<323 50; Horse Beans. $309
40 per ton.
HAY — Wheat. $13<S1G, with sales of extra !
choice at $16 60; Wheat and Oat. $12 60®
15 50; Oat. $12 60®14 60; Wild Oat. $11 r.(va
1250r Barley, $1(K&12 60; Stock, J'J&IO; Alfal
fa. SlOigll 60 per ten. \ .
STRAW — 40@05c per bale.
AH quotations remain as before. Feedstuffs
rule firm. The circular of Somers & Co. says
of Hay : . . •
Hay a?id Feedstuff s.
* . EASTERN MARKETS.
• The exsorts of vrine from San Francisco by
tea during th» menth of September were as
fellows: "^
To — Gallons. Cases. Values.
New Tort: 35S.401 1 $120,056
HawaiUn Islands .. 18.8.T3 112 8.702
Oreat Britain 11.377 ... 4,103
Tahiti 4.CT2 ... 1.440
British Columbia. 2.579 5 1.126
Mexico *5.345 3" 2.7S4
CVntral Axcerica ... 7,956 120 4.310
rv>lcmbia 7.9T4 ... 2.6TMJ
. Jvr-uador - 755 ... 278
IVfu SO ..." 23
China 1.471 ... 641
•J.iran 4.4SS ... 1.719
Mar.:!a 815 ... 220
Cast Indies tZS ... 4 279
Nf-w Zealand 100 ... 75
!-.•: -.jer. Inlands .... 70 ... .35
Totals 426,224 . 2CS $14S,423
In September, 1902. th*- exports were 636,862
rations and 2-> cases, valued at $216,022. In
that month 0C5.915 gallons and 1 case, valued
at flS9,015. went to New York and 16.9C8 gs.1-
U>:is and 17 cases, valued at $<KW5. to the '
li-awaiisn. Islands.
Weather Report. .
OSOUi Meridian— Pacific Time:)
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 22—5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
<Cate ct compared with those of eame date last
'facie ar.d rainfall in last twenty-four hoars:
Last This Last
Stations — 2i "hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.00 3.24 1.08
P.fd Bluff .0.00 0.44 1.50
Sacramento 0.00 0.14 0.64
Fan Francisco O.nij 0.17 0.74
Freyno -. 0.00 0.00 0.12
Independence O.OO . T. . 0.30
San Luis Obitpo O.OO 0.02 0.32
Los Angeles O.OO 0.43 0.01
Pan Di«*go 0.00 0.O5 0.92
THE COAST RECORD. '_
'• a is g~ o » 3
I £2 •?£ af fA ¦ jf
-STATION. I I § I § |f |&- I
-33" ; •
Baker 30. 2* 72 36 PE Oar .00
«-*r»on ;..... .30.12 72 28" XE Clear .00
I'.urefca 30. OS M 44 W Cloudy .00
l-'arallon 30.0(J M S2 S Cloudy .00
Flc'itstiiff 30.18 <>4 26 E Clear .00
Fresno 29.JW PO 66 SW Clear .00
lndepender.ee .30. 08 R0 S4 S Clear .00
Los AnRsles..S0.O0 74 SO SW Clear .00
Mt Tair.aJpais. 30.04 74 .. SW Clear .00
North ! lead 54 00
I'hoenix 29.04 84 54 SW Clear .00
Pocat.Uo 3<>.3O 72 30 W Clear .00
Portland 30.02 76 60 SE Clear .00
.Point Reyes.. .30.02 66 60 S Cloudy .00
R««d Bluff 23. »4 tK) 54 N Clear .00
Roeeburg 30.04 70 44 W Clear .00
Saoramrrto ..29.9S 82 f>2 E Clear .00
Salt Ltke ....',0.26 «8 44 NW Clear .0>'t
Han Frar.cisco.30. 08 CO 52 W dear .00
tv L Obispo..30.(« 74 60 W^ Clear .00
San Ulego ...2H.1»S «6 5S NW Clear .00
Seattle 30.0*5 56 60 W Clear .00
Spokane 30. 2S »2 30 B Pt CIdy .00
Tatoosh 29. »S 6s 48 E Gear .00
Wal!a W&! la.. SO. 22 «W 44 BW Clear .00
Vrinn«nuc<-a ..10. 18 74 S8 N Clear .00
Yuma 29.SH) »6 66 N Clear .00
•WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has fallen slowly along the
Washington coast and has risen steadily along
•J.e California coast. Conditions are such that
a norm may move in rapld'y alcng the Oregon
The temperature has remained nearly station
ary In California and has become much warmer
In Oregon. In the- great valley of California
afurnocn temperatures nave reached 60 de
irrf-e«. The conditions for the past fortnight
have been excellent for raMn making.
Fog prevails from the F&raHones to Cape
Mendoolno.
North-bound travelers by sea may expect
moderate southerly winde. At Neah. Bay a
maximum wind velocity cf fifty-six miles per
rir.vir from the east is reported.
Forecast made ».t San Francisco for thirty
hwurs *>nd:r.K midnight. October 2S. 1903:
Northern California — Cloudy, unsettled weath
er Friday, with rain along the northern coast;
roo'.er in the Interior: fre»h southerly winds.
Southern California — Cloudy Friday; fresh
•Fan Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy Friday.
with conditions favorable for showery by
eight; fresh southeast winds.
A. G. McADIE, District Forecaster.
THURSDAY, Oct. 22—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. ! Bid. Ask.
4s qr, coup.. — ¦ — 4s qr,new .. — —
4s qr reg... — — J3s qr coup.. 108% — .
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. — - — O T Co 5s.. — 110%
Bay CPC 5s. 103U104 Do con 5s. 103 105
Cal C G 6s.. 104% — O W C G 5s. — 97%
Cal O A E g Oceanic S 5s. 75' 79
m A ct 5s. — 102% Om R C 6s. — 122%
Cal-st 5s ... — — f ac G Im 4s — —
C C Wat 5s. — 100% P E Ry 5s. KM 109
E L A P 6s. 124% — P A C II 6s. — —
F A C H 6s.ll4 116% P A O R 6s.llC% —
Geary-st 5s. 45 90 Powell-st fis. 112% —
H CAS 5%S.1O1 — S E OAR 5s. — ' 103 Vi
H C A S 6s. 98 100 SF A SJV 6s — 117
Hon R T 6s. 1O6541OS S R of C 6s. 112% —
L A Elec 5s. — — S P of A Cs
K A Ry 3s..ll2%113% (19C9) ....107% —
LALC06S. — — . (1910) 108% —
Do gtd 6s. — — S P of C 6s
Do gtd 6S.102W * (IJKWSr A.102U —
LAP lem 5s. — 103% (l»05)Sr B.103 —
Mkt-st C'«s.H8 (1800) .... — 106
Do lem 6s. — 115 (1012) 112%114%
NRR of C 6s — 107% SPC 1 eg 5s. — 118%
Do 5s ....114 110 Do stmpd.l0S%109
N P C R 6s. 106 — S P B R 6s. — 134%
N C R 3s... — 112% S V W 6»..105%lonV4
N C P C Os. — — Do 4s 2dm. 09 ICO
N S" R 6s... 100 — Do 4k r.<lm. 91» —
O G L II 5s.l07%109 Stkn. GAE 6s 05 102%
O T Co Os.,117 119 U G A E 6s. — —
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 41 45 IPort Costa.. — —
Marln Co ... til — ISp V W Co. 39% — .
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L A P. .1% 4% 8 F G A E. 66% 67% !
Mutual E U 11 12 S F Om ... 3 3U>
Pac G Imp.. 62% — Stock G A B B —
Pat Lighting B3Vi 56% U G A E... — —
8ac E G A R
TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES.
S F O A E. 60% 67% ""V .
' • IN ST It A^» OK.
Firem's Fnd.320 — •
BANK STOCKS.
Am Nat Bk. — 125 L P A A.... — 170
Anglo-Cal .. — »5 Mer Trust... 223 — •
Bank of Cal. — 485 Merc Ex .. — —
Cal 8afe Dp. — 160 S F Nation!. — » —
First Natlonl — —
• ; SAVINGS BANKS. ,
Ger SAL.— — Sav A L Soo 90 110
Hum S A L. — — Sec Sav Bk.400 600 '
Mutual Sav. — — Union T Co. — —
S F Sav U.600 — "
STREET RAILROADS.. :;•/•;
California ..105 205 IPresldlo .... ¦ 41 '¦
Geary — 8O |
POWDER.
Stock and Bond Exchange.
CHICAGO. Oct. 22. — General selling In De
cember wheat was the chief feature of trading
In that pit to-day and lower prices were record
ed. Opening Dricea were barely f«teady on
favorable weather for the movement of grain
and on ea.«ler cables. December belnt: %c
lower to %c higher at SOgsOHc. The heavy
selllcs of yesterday was also a bear factor
early In the day as also was the easier tone
in all outside markets. Elevator interests and
longs sold freely the first hour and with
Ecarcely any demand December slumped off to
79%c. A report from Minneapolis to the effect
that there was little demand' for cash wheat
from millers was a factor In depressing prices.
The market was quiet and prices steady the
latter part of the day and December closed
at 79Vi<570%c. The May. delivery was firm
throughout the entire session on a good com
mission-house demand.,. '
A better demand for corn existed than for
some time past and the market ruled firm.
Closing prices were steady, with December %c
higher at 44c after telling between 43%c and
44Vi®«vic.
Firmness characterized the trading In oats,
due largely to the better tone In corn. After
ranging- between 3."» 1 4@35 : };<rK?5 1 %e December
closed %c higher at 35% c.
Provisions were extremely quiet, but a
trifle firmer feeling prevailed. Influenced by an
ad\-ance of 10c In the prices of hogs. Tht
only feature was a fair demand fcr lard by
brokers. Pork closed 60 higher lard was up
2U,c. and ribs were 10c higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Chicago Grain Market.
Though trading was still light on the Stosk
and Bond Exchange, there was more fluctua
tion on the afternoon session than for some
little time. The gas stocks were strong. Gas
and Electric advancing to $67. the Trustees'
Certificates to $66 75. and Mutual Electric to
$11 25. Contra Costa Water was higher at
$4C®42 50. though the transactions were small'.
California Wine declined from $93 60 to $92 50
The oil stocks were dull and featureless all
day.
Recent oil assessments are United States Oil
and Mining. 2c. delinquent November 18; Nep
tune Oil and Development. %c. delinquent No
vember 23; Coast Range, %c, delinquent No
vember 28. ,
Flour, qr ska ....14,309 Alfalfa seed, sks 16
Wheat, ctls 3.650 Tallow, ctls .... 208
Oats, ctls 1,005 Pelts. No 8.066
Beans, sks 8,004 Hides, No 367
Potatoes, sks ... 1,870 Raisins, bxs .... 6,200
Onions, slis .... 1.8H5 Quicksilver, flsk. 160
Middlings, sks.... 1,030 Leather, rolls .. SX>
Wool, sks 346 Wine, gals 61.600
Hops, bales .... .440 Brandy, gals ...2.750
Hay, tons • 6(58 Sugar, ctls 330
WASHINGTON.
Flour, ar sks ... 800/Bran, aks 8.815
*— — _J : _»
FOR THURSDAY. OCT. 22.
Receipts of Produce.
MELONS — Cantaloupes. 75c@$l 25 per crate;
Nutmeg Melons. 30® 75c per box; Watermel
ons. MCJik: each.
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges. $2 5O©2 76 for
fancy Valenclas, $2Q2 25 for choice and $1@
1 6Q for standard: Lemons, $1©3 per box;
Grape Fruit. $1 50<@2 50; Mexican Limes, $4@>
4 5O; Bananas, $l&jl 75 per bunch for Ha
waiian and $!"<£" for Central American; Pine
apples, $2@2 30 per dozen.
PERSIMMONS— 60c®$l P«r box.
GRAPES — Isabella, MigO&c 'per crate; other
varieties. 3O@4Oc for small boxes, 6OQC0c for
crates and 75c@$l 25 for large open boxes;
Wine Grapes. $l.sr«21 per ton for Zlnfandel
and $14(^10 for Mission; White. $15^16 per
ton.
PEARS — Bartletts. .nominal: 1 winter varie
ties, 4O(U75c per '.box for common and 75c£p
$1 for Winter. Nellls. . .
QUINCES — 4O0«)c per box.
FIGS — 50,i?65c for drawers and $1 26@1'73 for
large packages. .:
POMEGRANATES— 50^75c for small boxes
and $1 60({?2 50 for large.
STRAWBERRIES— Longworths. $4010 per
chest; large berries. $1 60@3, with some fancy
selling up to $6 and $4@0 for' the other varie
ties. . • .
RASPBERRIES— $3 6006 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES — S®Oc per pound.
CRANBERRIES— Cape Cod, $9 50 per bbl;
Coos Bay, $2 60®3 per box.
— 90c(ff$I per box for fancy. 50®
85c for rood to choice and 25610c ¦ for com
mon. .. .
The local demand for most description* of
fresh fruits was -slack and there was very
little inquiry for -shipping. .Apples and Grapes,
which formed the bulk of the * receipts, were
easy, and there were large lines unsold at the
close of business. Some dealers were still ask
ing $1 25 per box for some varieties of fancy
Apples, but sales at that figure were rare. In
fact. $1 was considered, an extreme price for
this general run of fancy stock. Wine Grapes
continued dull and depressed, with only strict
ly fancy stock bringing the quotations. Soft
and leaking stock was freely offered at prices
ranging from $12 to $13 per ton, but found few
takers. Receipts of Flga were very light and
were quickly, snapped up at advanced prices.
Peaches In carriers from Santa Clara sold from
75c to $1 00, according to size of package. Only
a few. small "lots came In. -The other tree
fruits were without quotable 'change. Melons
were dull, owing to the cool weather. Receipts
of Nutmeg* Included much poor and green stock
and the quotations bad a wider range. Choice
lots of Longworth Strawberries found prompt
sale at the top quotation, while poor stock was
cleaned up to peddlers at the bottom rate.
Large Strawberries and Raspberries were in
good supply and the canners secured the sur
plus stocks at the Jnside quotation. Huckle
berries were offering again and were in good
request, ¦ and | Cranberries were steady, with
stocks of Eastern closely cleaned up.
Citrus and Tropical fruits had no change
worthy of note.- The Panama steamer brought
up :i!to boxes Mexican Limes and there was a
small shipment of n«w crop Navel Oranges re
ceived from Rocklin.
Deciduous and V.itrus Fruits.
Wine Exports in September.
Adams Con 10 Little Chief 07
Allct 14 Ontario 4 60
Breece 10 Ophir 1 40
Brunswick Con ... 03 Phoenix 07
Comstock Tun . 06% Potosl ..21
CC & Va 1 15 Savage ..; 22
Horn Sih-er 1 00 Bierra Xev ....... .'45
Iron Silver 1 45 Small Hoses . .... IS
Leadvllle Con. '02 Standard .........2 00
U S ref Ss. reg.,107% L A Nash unl 4» flS%
Do 2s. coup 107 Manhattan c g 4s.l01 Vi
Do 3s. re* ....1CS Mexican Cen 4s... 71
Do 3s. coud ..108% Do 1st Inc 13%
Do new 4s. reg.134% Minn & S L 4s... 0«V.
Do new 4s.coup.lW% Mo, K & T 4s !»7*i
Do old 4b. reg.lll Do 2ds " \ 7*2
Do old 4» C0UP..U1 N of Mpx cons 4s 74%
Do 6s. reg 101% N Y Cen gen 3%s 99
Do Os. COUP....102H N J Cen gen &l 130%
Atchison gen 4s.. 09% No Pacific 4s 107
Do adj 4s 91 Do 3s ..... Toy
Atlantic C L 4s. 00>i N A West cons 4s »->»!
Bait A O 4s 100% Ore SL 4aA°partte Si%
Do 3%s 94% Penn conv 3%s . »fjs;
Cen of Ga 5s.. ..106% Reading gen 4s. 96»
Do Ut Inc .... C6 StL & 1M cons 5s 111
Chf* & Ohio 4«4s.l01H St L A 8 F ts 4s K2U
Chi A Alton 3Hs. 73% St Louis SW lsts »5
V. n A Q new 4s.. 03% Seaboard A L 4s' C8
C. MASt Pgen4s.lO9% Southern P»c 4a ' 87
C A N W cons 7s.l31% Southern Ry r.s "l"l-»%
Chl,R IAPRR 4s. 73 Texas A Pac lsts 116
Do col 5s 73% Tol.BtL A W 4s . C9
CCC A StL gen 4s 08 Union Pac 4s 102?;
Chicago Ter 4s... 73 V P conr 4s 9.%lJ
Con Tob 4m 65% U S Steel 2d 6s... 81U
Colo A 80 4s S5Vi Wabash lsts 116
Den A R G 4s... 99% Wabash Deb B... 5414
Erie, prior In 4s. 07% Wheel A L E 4s. R8
Erie gen 4s 84% Wls Cen 4s &%
FW & D City lst.104% C F & I con 6s.. 70
Hocking V 4%s..lO5% .
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
money market. The movement of funds is still
small, although New York exchange at Chi
cago fell to 15 cents discount to-day, compared
with the recently prevailing premium. The
principal factor In the late reaction In the
market was the drop of nearly two points In
Amalgamated Copper, which absorbed practi
cally ail of the attention In the market after
the announcement of the decision against it In
the Montana litigation. The market closed
6teady.
The bond market was broad and strong.
Total salcc. $2,632,000. .
United States 3s and the new 4s advanced
l i and the 2s and old 4s % per cent on the
last rail.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stock — Ealea). High. Low. Close.
Atchison 83.800 W% 00 66 Vi
Atchison r»fd 600 S»% J»tt S3
Bait A Ohio 11.400 75% 74% 74%
Bait & Ohio pfd 87
Canadian Pacilic. 6.300 119% 119 119%
Central of N. J... 300 159 158 159
Ches * Ohio 500 30 29% 29%
Chicago & Alton... 1.900 28 20% 27
Chgo & Alt ofd 600 64 6* C4
Chgo A O Western. 400 15% 14»i 14],
C A O W. B pfd.. 400 26% 26 26%
Chgo A Nwestern.. 1,400 161% ieo% 161
Chgo Term A Trn 8*4
Chgo T A T pfd.. 100 18% 18% 18
C C. O & St Louis 71
Colo Southern 400 13 12% 12%
Co!o So 1st r-fd.... 100 62% 02% 62
Colo So 2d pfd 100 21 21 21
Del fc Hudson 200 165% 155 165
Del. Lack AW... 200 232% 232% 230
Denver A Rio Gr i. 19
D & R G pfa 67
Erie 16,2'JO 27% 27. 27%
Erie l«Opfd 2.000 6«% ' 66 «6'i
Erie 2d pfd 400 49}, 48% 4Sft
Great Ncr pfd 160
Hocking Valley * 09
Hocking Val pfd 78%
Illinois Central 1,100 131% 130% 130»i
Iowa Central 19 U;
Iowa Central pfd 34
Kantab City So 300 W% 18 17%
Kans City So pfd 3H 4
Loulsvl A Nash... 8,100 102 100% 100 y,
Manhattan Elev... 3,700 134 133 U 13.J;*
Metropoltn Si Ry.. 2,000 107 100 100'i
Minn A St Louis 44
Missouri Pacific... 11.800 91 90 90
Mo. Kans A Tex.. 100 16% 16% 16
Mo, Kans & T pfd. 200 35% 35 34%
Nat R R Mex pfd 59
N T Central 3,900 118% 117% 117%
Norfolk A V7e«n. . 700 37% 66% 67
Norfolk A W pfd ST
Northern Securities 05%
Ontario * Western .... 2<>r»»
Pennsylvania ..... 24.300 118% 118% 118*1
P. C. C 4 St L 60
Reading . .'. 24.500 46*i 43% 45%
Reading 1st pfd .-....-. 75U
Reading 2d pfd u%
Rock i.xlind Co 3O,4K)O 26 24% 25%
Rock Uland pfd... 2,800 61% 09% 69
Ft Louis A S F... * * .... 6.1
S L ft S F IK pfd ' .... CO
8 LiSFMpfd. 100 45% 45% 43
St Louis Sowestn 13^
St Louis Bwsn pfd 31
St Paul 42,300 139% 13S»» 138-i
5U Paul pfd 171
Southern Pacific. .. 16.600 . 42% 41% 41V
Pouthern Railway. 4,000 1N% 18' iH'i
So Railway pfd . 400 74% 74 74V
Texas & Pacific... 1,800 23'k 22^4 22^
Tol. St L & West ;. .... ia
T, Et L A W pfd.. 100 25 25 25 "
Union Pacific 33,200 72% 71% 71%
Union I'scinc pfd .' 54%
Wabash 2,100 1S*«^ is% 1SV4
W*bavh pfd 8.600 31% 30% si 2
Wh€*l & L Erie... 100 15>« 15'i 15
Wisconsin Central. 400 16% 1<J>Z n>%
Express Companies —
Adams 230
American 200 1S3 1S3 185
United States ' 100
Wells-Fargo ..... .... .... 200
Miscellaneous — * ,
Amal Copper 87,600 3S% 26% 3<1%
Ara Car A Fdy 1,600 21% 21 ' 21%
Am Car A Fdy pfd. 800 CS 06% 66><.
Am Linseed Oil »u
Am Linseed Oil pfd 25
Am Locomotive ... 1,000 14 Vi 18% 13%
Am Loco r»fd 600 75% 74% 74%
Am Smelt St Refg. .. 1,700 43% 42% 41%
Am Smelt A R pfd So
Am Sugar Refining. 4,300 116 114% 114%
Anaconda MIn Co 62
Brooklyn Rap Tran 5,700 34% 33>4 :««4
Colo Fuel A Iron.. 100 31 31 28%
Col A Hocking Coal - 101
Consolidated Gas . . 100 175 175 174 ¦
General Electric .. 800 149U 148% 147
Intematlnl Paper. . 100 11 11 11
Internatl Paper pfd 100 • 61% 61% 61%
Internatl Pump .... .:.. 30
: Internatl Pump pfd 70 -
National Biscuit '. . SOO 3«% 34 S4 .
National Lead 13
North American ' 7$»i
Pacific Mall COO 21% 20% 20%
People's Oas 8,700 U5 1«.T% M's
PreMcO 8teel Car.. 400 31% 31% 31'
Prised S Car pf d . . 100 72 72 71
Pullman Pal Car 215
Republic Fte^I .*... 000 8 7% 7%
Republic Steol pfd. 6,»00 66 61% 62%
Rubber Goods 300 14% 14% 14'
Rubber Goods pfd 69%
T^nn Coal A Iron.. 3,100 30 28% 2S 1 *
V S Leather 1,400 7% 7 7»*
V S Leather pfd... SOO 70% 76 76%
i: K Rubber 9%
U R Rubber pfd . 34
U S Pteel 10.400 14*i 18% i««
V S Steel pfd 20,400 K»% 68% KO
Western Union ... 100 81% Bl% 82
Total tales 475.000
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK. Oct. 22.— Bond . transactions,
ITnHed Rallroeds of San Francisco: 10,000 at
NEW YORK BONDS.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $4 eOQ
4 85. Ufcual terms; Bakers' Extras, $4 50@4 60;
Oregon and Washington. $3 90@4 20 'per bbl
for Family and $3 90®* 40 for Bakers'.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices In packages are as
follows: Graham Flour, $3 25 per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour. $1 25; Rye Meal, 13; Rice Flour.
$7; Corn Meal, $3 25; extra cream do, $4; Oat
Groats, $4 60; Hominy. $4®4 23; Buckwheat
Flour, $4 50«4 75; Cracked Wheat, %i 75; Fa
rina, $4 00; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50: Rolled
Oats. bbls. $7 20@8 CO; In sacks, $6 75®8 10;
Pearl Barley. $0; Split Peas, boxes, $7; Green
Peas, $5 60 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
CORN — Dealers continue to quote a dull and
weak market, with sellers willing to concede
a point to «ffect sales. Offerings, though j not
especially heavy, are sufficient for all current
needs. ¦
Western, sacked, $1 32% for Yellow, $1 32%
for White and $1 SO for mixed; California lafgo
Yellow, $1 .Hr.f/1 40; small round do, nominal;
White. $1 S5@l 40 per ctl.
RYE— $1 26©1 30 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— $2 25®2 CO per ctL
OATS — There was Ies>s doing yesterday, as
the activity of the past several days has satis
fied the bulk of the demand at present. Prices
were quoted steady and unchanged. .
White, ?1 '-"OSl 32%; Black. $1 40@l 82%;
Red. Jl 20©l 25 for feed and $1 25@1 35 for
seed; Gray. $1 22»4®1 27ft per ctl.
Feed, $1 12Vi@l IS; Shipping and Brewing.
$1 17%@1 22%; Chevalier. $1 20®l'43 for fair
to choice.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. *m.
• Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...$1 11% * "2 $111 $112
2 p. m. Session.
No sales. 1 »
CASH BARLEY.
December— $1 39%. .
BARLEY— The market is quiet, with no ten
dency either. up or down; and both buyers and
sellers are apparently satisfied with the cur
rent situation. ' . - ¦ .
2 p. m. Session,
FUTURES.
' Session 6 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...$1 39% $139% $138% $1 39ft
California Club, $1 40@l 45; California
White Australian, $1 60@l 65; Northern Club,
$1 4001 42%; Northern Blue Stem. $1 60@l 65;
Oregon Valley. $1 40@l 45 per ctl.
CASH WHEAT.
WHEAT— Foreign quotations showed little
variation. Chicago was lower and the general
feeling was bearish on fine weather and some
slackening in the domestic demand. The for
eign demand, however, was reported better.
This market showed no material change be
yond a slight decline in futures. Cash Wheat
is in average demand at steady prices.
Wheat and Other Grains.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market re
mains quiet with new fruit firm. Small sales
of old crop are reported within the quoted
range. Common, 5(g5Ue; prime, 534@>6c;
choice. 6Hc; fancy. 6%©7c.
PRUNES — Remain very quiet and without
change. 3%@7c for all grades.
APRICOTS— Steady at 9W@9%e for choice,
10®10%c for extra choice and fancy ll@12%c.
PEACHES— Steady; choice 7%@7%c; extra
choice, 7%®8»ic; fancy. 9»-i@10%c.
NEW YORK. Oct. 22.— FLOUR- Receipts.
27.600 barrels; exports. S300 barrels; steady,
but with trade checked by the wheat decline.
WHEAT— Receipts, 37,500 bushels; spot.
easy; No. 2 red 85c elevator and 85 %c f. o.
b. afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth. 91%c f. o.
b. afloat. Options had an irregular opening
with Dwnnljsr easy and May firm, as a result
of unloading of "specials", and heavy selling
by St. Louis at Chicago, portly on talk of
Increasing spring wheat receipts and exporters
reducing: bids, curtailing business. The close
was unsettled at %@%c net decline. May.
82 11-16©83 3-10c, closed 82»4c; July closed
7» T /fcc; December. 86%@86%c. closed 8flc.
HOPS — Quiet.
HIDES — Steady. • ¦ .
WOOL— Firm.
COFFEE^ — Spot Rio. firm; No. 7 Invoice.
C%c; mild, steady; Cordova, 7V4012C. Futures
closed steady, Off? 10 points higher. , Sales, 143,
750 bags, the largest day's business since the
present upward movement was inaugurated.
November. 5.10<g'5.2Oc: December. 5.30@5.45c;
January 5.35@5.40c; February, 5.60c; March,
B.55@C.65c; May 6.75@5.85c; July. 5.85@5.95c;
September. C.90@6.05c. ;
SUGAR — Raw. steady. Refined, quiet.
. DRIED FRUITS.
A T cw York Grain and Produce.
Sterling Exchange, sixty daya. .. — $4 8291
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 80 V*
Sterling Exchange, cables — • 4 87^
New York Exchange, sight....... — 05
New York Exchange, telegraphic. .—.,.. 07%
Silver, per ounce — 61 %
Mexican Dollars ...» .47 4*8
ExcMnge and Bullion.
LOCAL MARKETS.
8AN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
The following were the sales on the Baa
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester
day:
Morning session.
1000 Alpha ....... 10 200 Gould AC .. IT
100 Andes 23 ICO Keyes 0 170
«00 Bullion 12 600 Mexican. ...a 00
SCO C C & V» ..% 25 A5O Ophlr 1 W
1000 Con Imp. 04 200 Savage 25
.300 Exchequer ... 17 300 Tellow J .... 43
Afternoon Session.
100 Andes 231 200 Sarag* ...... 24
SOO Gould AC.. 17| ; . .
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
The following wore the sale* on the Paclfio
Btock Exchange yesterday: :.:.''
• • Morning Session.
SCO Alpha Con ... CO 600 Potosl «
700 Bullion 11 200 Savage 24
300 C C A Va ..1 23 300 Beg Belcher .. 08
300 Gould AC.. 17 200 Yellow J ..- 42
200 Msxlcan 1 00
Afternoon Session.
200 Chatlmge .... 29 1 200 Mexican 88
100 C C A Va ..1 251 200 Potosl 21
200 Crown P .... 17 300 Savage 24
300 Gould AC.. 17 200 Yellow J .... 41
200 Mexican 1 001
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
The following were the sales on the San,
Francisco and Tdnopah- Mining Exchange yes
terday:
Mornlns Session.
3000 Esperanza .... 01 200 Mont Ton ... 03
200 Mont Ten*... 90 600 Mont Ton ... 04
10O Mont Ton ... 81 100 T Belmont .. »'".
400 N Mont Ton ... 02 ICO T Belmont ... 97
Afternoon Session.
6000 Esperanza. ... 02 23 T Belmont .. 95
300 Mont Ton ... 90 500 Ton Midway. SO
100 Mont Ton ... 80 200 T N 8tar. 38
600 Ton Cal 24
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY. Oct. 22—4 p. m.'
Bid.Ask.f Bld.Ask.
Alpha 08 lo'Julla OB CS
Alta 03 Oi; Justice ©« 07
Andes »22 23 Kentuck 01 03
Belcher 14 16IKeyes Graes.l 75 —
Best A Belch.1 35 1 40|Mexlcan W 99
Bullion 12 13!Occtdental ... 23 25
Caledonia ... 82 W.Ophir t 45 1 3O
Challenge Con 28 30 Overman .... 22 25
Chollar 21 22 ! Potosl 2O 22
Confidence ... 65 70 Savage 23 25
Con Cal A V.I 20 1 23 Scorpion 01 CS
Con Imperial. (XI 04 Beg Belch ©H 07
Con N Y .... 'CO 10 Sierra Nev .. 45. 4S
Crown Point.. 16 18, Silver Hill ..68 60
Eureka Con.. — 5Q;St Louis .... 11 —
Exchequer... 16 IS Syndicate .;.. O4 03
Gould A Cur. 17 is 1 Union Con .. 6« 67
Hale A Norcs 68 62 Utah 19 20
Lady Wash.. 03 04> Yellow Jacket 41 42
TONOPAH MINE3.
Bid. Ask. i Bid. Ask.
Eaperanza ... — 02 Ton Belmont.. 96 1 00
MacNamara . 13 13 Ton A Cal... 20 24
Mlzpah Ex .. — 32 Ton N Star.. 33 37
Mont Ton ... 89 J« Ton Midway. 33 38
paymaster ... 08 1H United Ton... — 14
Rescue 05 07 .
Mining Stocks.
The feeling in Cheese is weak, as stocks are
large, and liberal arrivals from Oregon keep
California stock more or less depressed. .
Eggs show some signs of wavering. Dealers
are getting the advanced prices without much
difficulty, as fine. ranch are still scarce, but
prices are so high that the demand has been
seriously checked and ¦ * rs are running more
and more on ¦ the cheaper ; Eastern and cold
storage, stock. . There are rather more fine
ranch on the market than there were several
days ago." ' '• . •
¦Receipts were 25,400 lbs. Butter. 606 cases
Esks and 20,400 lb« Cheese: . ¦ .
BUTTER — Creamery, 2S@29c for extras and
26<£27c Tor seconds ; dairy. 21ig 1 25c; store Butter,
li%$19c; cold storage, 24$2<3c; Eastern, 23@25c
per lb. • - - ¦• -•"'- ¦¦- -'• '/» '
• CHiEESB— 12%c for the general' market, IS©
13',ic for select mild new and ll@12c for lower
grades. Young America,' 13%©14c; / Eastern.
15V6«16%c; Western, 14®15c per lb.
' EGOS — Ranch:, 47%@5-1c, with some sales
as high as 5Cc; store, nominal; cold storage,'
27%(&:i0c; Eastern, 28@30c for fresh and 25Q>
26c, for cold storage.^ ' ". ...
Butter Is variously quoted weak or firm, ac
cording as dealers Are largely or slenderly sup
plied. . Some are willing to shade the quota
tions, while others report sales, even over the
top quotation. The general situation remains
about as before, and as far as the market as a
whole Is concerned there is no scarcity.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
AYtr York stock market steady and without excitement.
Local stocks and bonds continue quiet.
Sihcr and Exchange shozv little further variation. r >
Wheat quiet, with a fair demand for cash grain.
Barley steady. Oats selling fairly. Corn dull and weak.
Hay and Feedstuff s as prrjiously quoted.
Beans still irregular, with liberal receipts.
Butter in ample supply, with a fair demand.
Cheese very plentiful. Eggs J still scarce and high.
No further changes in Dried Fruits and Raisins.
Provisions still quiet, with a decline in Cottolene.
Hops Unit, Wool dull and Hides quiet and easy.
Cattle. Sheep and Hogs as before.
Supply of Potatoes in excess of the demand.
Onions and Vegetables plentiful and not materially changed.
Poultry in large receipt and easy.
Game Wardens actively enforcing the Game lazes.
Cold weather operating against the Fresh Fruit market.
Boston & Albany. 248 jCopper Range- ... 43
Boston A Maine. 168 Dominion Coal .. 70
Boston Elevated.. 139 Franklin 7
N Y N H A H... lf>4 Isle Royale "5Vi
Fitchburg pfd ...136 Mohawk ..• 35
Union Pacific ... 7% Old Dominion ... 9%
Mexican Central.. 9% Osceola ... ..... 68%
Miscellaneous — Parrot 17
American Sugar.. 114% Qulncy ....85
Do pfd 117'yilBanta Fe Copper. 1
Amer Tel & Tel; 124% Tamarack ... ...' 80
Dom I & Steel... 9 Trinity 6%
General Electric. .14« United States ... 17
Mass Electric ... 19% Utah 25%
Do pfd 77% Victoria 2^
United Fruit .... 05 Wlnona ... ..... 6%
U S Steel 13 «4 Wolverine C4
Do pfd 68%
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Con for money. 8S 7-16 N T Central 121 '^
Ton for account. 88 7-16 Norf A Western. 6S%
Anaconda '3% • Do pfd 89
Atchison GSYt. Ontario & 'West.'. 21 •
Do pfd 91% Pennsylvania .... 61 U*
Bait & Ohio 77% Rand Mines 9ft
Canadian Pacific. 12.1 Reading ... 23*4
Chcsap & 0".Mo .. 30U Do 1st pfd .... 30
Chicago Q W 15Vi Do 2d pfd 32
t.'hl Mtl & St P.. 143% Southern Ry 18%
DeBeers 19% Do pfd 77
Denver & R G... 20% Southern Pacific 43%
Do pfd 70«, Union Pacific ... 74%
Erie 28% Do pfd 87
Do 1st of d 68% U S Steel U%
Do 2d Pfd 50 Do pfd 00%
Illinois Central... 134% Wabash 18%
Louis A Nash ...104% Do pfd ........ 31%
Mo Kan & Tex.. 17Vi
Bar sliver, steady, 28%d per ounce. Money,
1%@2 per cent. The rate of discount In tha
open market for short bills Is 3% per cent,
and for three months' bills Is 3% per cent.
RICE — China, No. 2, $4 33©4 45; No. 1,
$5 7ft@5 90; extra No. 1, $6 25Q4'50; Hawaiian,
$5 25; Japan, $3 25#5 SO; Louisiana, $4 309
6 75.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb. In 100-Ib bags:
Cubes, A Crushed ¦ and Fine Crushed. 5.85c:
Powdered. 6. 7Oc; Candy Granulated. 3.T0c; Dry
Granulated, fine. 5.00c: Dry Granulated, coarse,
6.60; Fruit Granulated, 5. SOc: Beet Granu
lated (100-lb bags only), 'ft. 40c; Confectioners'
A. 6.00c; Magnolia A. 5.20c: Extra C. 6.10c;
Golden C. 5c; "D," 4.00c; barrels, 10c more;
half barrels. 25c more: box;?, 60c more; 60- lb
bags, 10c more for all kinds. Tablets — Half
barrels, 6.10c; boxes, 0.35c per lb. No orders
taken for less than seventy-five barrels or Its
equivalent.
BAGS— Grain- Bags. &S5%c; San Quentin.
8. Me; Wool Bags. 32935c: Fleece Twine. 7%
©8c: Cotton Fruit Bags, 6%c. 6%c and 7%c
for the thre* grades: Brown Jute, 6%©«%c. t
COAL— Wellington. $8 per ton: New Wel
lington. $8; Seattle, $0 60; Bryant. $8 60; Bea
ver Hill, $5 50; Stanford. $7; Roslyn, $7; Coos
Bay, $5 60; Greta. $7; Wailsend, $7; Rich
mond, $7 60; Cumberland. $13 In bulk and
$14 25 in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Bgg.
$14; Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13; Welsh Lump.
$11 50; Cannel. $8 60 per ton; Coke. $11 f)OQ
13 per ton In bulk and 115 In sacks; Rocky
Mountain descriptions. $8 45 per 2000 lbs and
$3 60 per ton. according to brand.,
OIL— Linseed, 49o for boiled and 47c for raw
In barrels; cases, 5c more; Castor Oil. in cases.
No. 1, 70c; Bakers' AA. $1 iOZfl 12; Lucot. 44c
for boiled and 42c for raw in barrels; Lard
Oil, extra wirfter strained, barrels. 85c; cases.
90c; China Nut. fi5@70c per gallon; pure
Neatsfoot, in barrets, 75c; cases. 80c; Sperm,
pure, 75c:, Whale Oil, natural white, 30965c
per gallon; Fish Oil, In barrels, 45c; cases.
60c; Cocoanut Oil, In barrels, 6S0 for Ceylon
and 56c for Australian.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil In bulk.
15c; Pearl Oil in cases. 21%c; Astral, 21Vjc;
Star. 21%e: Extra Star. 25V»c; Elaine. 27%c:
Rooene, 24%c; deodorised Stove Gasoline, in
bulk. 17c; in cases, 23%c: Benaine. In bulk.
13c; In cases, lOVjc; 88-degree Gasoline, In
bulk. 21c: In cases. 27 Vic
TURPENTINE— SOc per ration in cases and
74c In drums and Iron barrel*.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. S%®
7c per Ib; White Lead. 6%@7c, according to
quantity.
General Merchandise.
SUMMARY-; OF. THE MARKETS.
GAME — Mallard Ducks, $6 per dozen;
Canvasback, $6; Sprig, $4@4 60; Teal. $2 60@3;
Widgeon, $2 60; small Ducks, $2;. Gray Geese,
$3; White Geese, $1 50; Brant, = : English
Snipe. $3; common Snipe, $1 60; Wild Doves,
$1 25: Rabbits. SI 75 for Cottontails and $1 23
for Brush; Hare. $1 25. ¦, ¦ . . _ •
There were liberal receipts et Game, nearly
all of which came to hand in good condition,
and Ducks cleaned up well at firmer prices.
Trade was Interrupted -considerably by tha
game wardens, .who were strictly enforcing the
bag limit law. Geese, Snipe, Doves Hare and
Rabbits- ruled firm at previous prices.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 19©22c per lb for
young and 14617c for old; Geese, per. pair,
$1 7602; Goslings, $2@2 2S; Ducks; $4 50^5
per dozen for tld and $5@6 for young; Hens,
$4<if5 50; young Roosters. $4 BOOS; old Roos
ters, $4 notffC: Fryers, $3 8O4H; Broilers; $iff
3 50 for large and $2 50@3 for small; Pigeons.
$1@1 25 per . dosen for old and $2@2 23 for
Squabs.
Squabs and Goslings, which were . In . small
supply, v the Poultry., market .was easy. I There
was. very little inquiry for chickens and the
moderate receipts proved excessive. No West
ern came In. but there Is a car close at hand
and due to-day. ,:4fggBS8
Livestock, delivered ia San Francisco, less 80
per cent shrinkage for Cattle :
CATTLE — 8teers. 8@9c; Cows and Heifers.
7©Sc; tain Cows 4©3c per pound.
CALVES— 494^c per pound (fToes weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 3%03%c; Ewes. J@3%c
per pound (gross weight).
LAMBS— $2 754J3 per head. .
HOGS — Llv* Hogs. ISO to 230 lbs. S%e;
under 150 lbs, 5$4©5%c; Sows, 2O per cent off;
Boars, 60 per cent off. and Stags, 40 per cent
off from above quotations.
Board— • „.
600 Occidental Oil •• »»
400 Horn* Oil 90
Afternoon Session.
Board — ;
2000 Lion Oil , °*
200 Eeperanz& Oil * *•»
600 Horn* Oil ••••• *°
Parafflne Paint S3 00 ....
Ban Francisco Dry Dock.... 47 00 •••*...•
Sanitary Reduction Works.. 2 SO ....
gauaallto Land & Ferry.... lft CO ....
Sperry Flour Company .... 27 60 30 00
Standard Electric 18 00
Teal* Coal Co SO 00
Truckee Electric .......... 13 25 ....
Union Sugar 22 50 ....
United Gas & Electric .... 34 SO .«••
OFFICIAL SALES.
Morning Session.
Chutes Company ......; 7 SO ....
Cypress Lawn Imp Co 6 SO 7 25
Fischer's Theater 200 260
Gas Consumers' Association. .... 22 BO
Honolulu Sugar 14 25 ....
Northern CaJ Power .... 9 23
North Shore Railroad 7 00 ....
Orpheum Company .... IS 38
Pacific States Tel & Tel 115 00
Cat Jockey Club 109 00
Cal Shipping Co ...'. 23 0O
CalTUIa Ins A Trust : 130 00 14O 00
Central Bank of Oakland.. 6O 00 ....
West Shore -. 2 80 ....
Miscellaneous — -
Abby Land * Improvement. 1 43 1 60
Alameda Sugar .... 29 00
American Biscuit 95 00
American District Tel ' ....
Cal Gas A Electric Corp... 83 00
THE SAN FK AKGISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 23, 1903.
TACOMA. Oct. 22. — "Wheat, %@lc higher.
Bluestem, 82c; club. 78%c.- .
OREGON.
" PORTLAND, Oct. 22— Wheat— Walla .Walla,
74c; bluestem. 7Sc; valley. 78c. ,
Oregon wheat shipments from Portland for
the week ended to-day were 33S.154 bushels.
The steamer Elba cleared from this port ti
day for Kobe with 100,000 bushels of wheat.
WASHINGTON.
Northern Wheat Market.
SEATTLE, Oct. 22.— Clearings, $970,674;
balances. ?328,06L
TACOMA. Oct. 22.— Clearings, $277,823;
balnnce*. $48,919. • ¦-
. PORTLAND. Oct. 22.— Clearings, $544,738:
balances. $50,167. . • • -
SPOKANE. Oct. 22. — Clearings, $308,743;
balances. $71,211. -..¦¦¦ -_.•¦¦
Northern Business.
¦¦ . «
In London, closing at £116 15s, with . futures
unchanged at £117 7s 6d. The New York tin
market was steady, with spot closing at
$25 87%@26 12%. . . :
; Copper advanced 2a 6d In London, spot clos
ing at £54 17s 6d and futures at £64 13s Od.
Locally copper continues quiet. Lake. $139
IS 60; electrolytic. $13. and casting at $12.62%.
Lead advanced Is 3d to £11 2s Cd In London,
but was unchanged here at $4 60. . ,
Spelter closed 2s Cd higher In London. Lo
cally the market was quiet at $Q 12%.
Locally all grades of Iron were lowered
slightly to correspond with the declines reported
yesterday. No. 1 foundry. Northern.. $15©
15 60; No 1 foundry. Southern. ¦ and No. 1
foundry. Southern, soft, $15@15 28.'
57'OCX MARKET.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
13
OCEAN TRAVEL.
* y — ~
sgZr~lr»>^ Steamers leave San Fran-*
ys«Ji*-S«>y cisco as follows:
ArZL _•¦ XdA For Ketchikan, Wrangel.
my 'I9*&| \K\ Juneau, Haln»s, Skagway,
I I \%S>ia I ! pt C Alaska— 11 a. m., Oct.
I \ \WMgA/ .1 23. 2S. Nov. 2. Change to
V*\ v com P mn 5''" steamers at Seat-
For Victoria. Vancouver.
. Port Townsend, Seattle. Ta-
coma, Everett, Whatcom— 11 a. m.. Oct. 23, 28,
Nov. 2. Change at Seattle to this company's
steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry. ; at Seat-
tle or Tacoma to N. P. Ry.; at Vancouver to
C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona. 1:30
p. m.. Oct. 25 31 Nov. 6; Corona. 1:30 p. m..
Oct. 22. 28. Nor. 3.
For Los Angeles (via Port Lo« Angeles and
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara-
Santa Rora. Sundays. 9 a. m.
State of California, Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
• San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz, Mon-
terey. San Simon. Cayucon. Port Harford (San
Luis Oblspo). Ventura and Hueneme.
Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. Oct. 24.- Nov. 1.
Bonita. 9 a. m.. Oct. 20. 2M. Nor. 3.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Pax. Santa Ro-
salia. Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m., 7th of each
month.
For farther Information obtain folder.
Right Is reserved to change steamers or sal!-
TICKET OTFICES — 4 New Montgom-
ery street (Palace Hotel). 10 Market street and
Broadway wharf.
Freight office. 10 Market street.
C. D. DITNANN. General Passenger Agent,
-¦-'.'<•¦¦' 10 Market street. San Francisco.
O. R. & N. CO.
"Columbia" aalls Oct. 20. 30. Nov. 9. 19. 29,
Dec. 9. 19. 29. "George. W. Elder" sails Oct.
25 Nov. 4, 14, 24 Dec. 4. 14. 24. Only steam-
ship line to PORTLAND. OR., and short rail
line from Portland to all points East. Through
tickets to all points, all rail or steamship and
rail at LOWEST RATES. Steamer tickets in-
clude berth and meals. Steamer sails foot of
Spear st. at 11 a. m. 8. F. BOOTH. Gen.
Agt. Pass. Dept.. 1 Montgomery St.; C. CLIF-
FORD. Gen. Agt. Freight Dept.. 3 Montgomery.
TOYO RISEN KAISHA.
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.)
Steamers will leave wharf, corner First tnd
Branhan street*, at 1 p. m.. for YOKOHAMA
and HONGKONG, calling at Kobe <H!ogo).
Nagasaki and Shanghai, and connecting at
Hongkong with steamers for India, etc. No
cargo received on board on day of sailing.
8. S. AMERICA MARU
Tuesday. . November 10. • 1903
S. 8. HONOKONO MABU....... :
¦ Thursday. December 3, 1903
8. 8. NIPPON MARU (Calling at Manila)
Wednesday. December 30, 1903
Via Honolulu. Round-trip tickets at reduced
rates. For freight and passage apply at Com-
pany's office. 421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
occanics.s.CfrE^??-?
S.S MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Oct. 28. 11 a. m.
S.S. SIERRA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney. Thursday, Oct. 2J>. 2 p. m.
S S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Not 7, 11 a. m.
*iilfI£CXnuBJ3J.a.Jlgti..TttitSTI!a,M]lart3l3
COXPASinX eZHISALS TBAXSaTLAHTIQVI.
DIRECT LINK TO HAVRE- PARIS.
Sailing- every Thursday instead oi^grjggfc
Saturday, at 10 a. m.*from Pier 42.*«i^HgJ
North River, foot of Morton street.
First-class to Havre. $70 and upward. Sec-
ond-class to Havre. $45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson Building).
New York. J. F. FUOAZI * CO.. Paclno Coast
Agents. 6 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
Max* Island and. Tallajo Steam vr». .
Steamer GEN*. FRISBIE or MOXTICELLO—
9:45 a. m., 3:13 and. 8:30 p. m., except Sunday.
Sunday.' 9:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leave Vallejo.
1 a. m. 12:30 noon. 6 p. m.. ex. Sunday. Sun-
day 7 a m.. 4:15 p. m. - Fare, SO cents. Tel.
Main 1508. Pier 2, Mlsslon-st. dock. HATCH
BROS.'
WEEffCALI,
16 Pages. $1 per YearTHE SAN FB ANCISCO CAI/L, FRIDAY, 23, 1903. "=>
14
BAIT FRANCISCO CALL,
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Frandieo
Call, corner Market and Third streets; open
cntil 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montromery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
SOO Hayes street; open until 0:30 p. m.
€39 McAllister street; open until 0:80 p. tn.
US Larkln street; opes until 9:30 p. m.
2941 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
S2ei Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
cntll 9 p. tn.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 p.' xn.
1096 Valencia etreet; open until 9 p. m.
Northeast comer Church and Duncan streets;
epen cntll 9 p. tn.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and
Kentucky streets; open until 9 p. xn.
2200 Flllmore street; open until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Commandery No. I. K. «»
T— Regular assembly THI9 EVEN- <f5jfl
ING st 7:30 o'clock. Order of Temple. Fv
All fraters courteously Invited. Bi
THOMAS H BROWNE Commander. **
T. L. HENDERSON. ¦ Recorder.
PAST Masters' Association of Callfor- JL
oia. F. and A. M.— Members will Al
assemble at the Masonic Temple /Cav
FRIDAY at 2 o'clock, for the pur- *****
pose of attending the funeral services of our
late brother. PETER THOMAS BARCLAY.
Pa»t MaMer of California Lodge No. 1. F.
and A. M. By order ' of the president.
H. J. OWEN. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. F. and A. «8^
M.— The officers an! members cf the^Qr
above named lodge are hereby notified /V \
to attend the funeral of our late
brother. PETEIt THOMAS BARCLAY. In
King Solomon's Hall. Masonic Temple, THIS
DAY (FRIDAY). October 23. 1&U3. at 2
o'clock p. m. Mapt»-r Masons and friends
of the deceased are invitf-d. By order of the
Master. FRAKKUW H. DAY. Sec.
PACIFIC LMjre No 136 F and A. a
M. Masonic Temple, meets THISVSf
EVENINU 7 o'clock. Third d»gree. />r\
GEORGE PENLnTOTON. Sec.
6PERANZA Italiana Lo.1?» No 21» F. »
and A. M.. will inert THIS (FRIDAY) VV
EVENING. TOO o'clock. Third de- /V\
gree. By order of the Master.
G. SCALMANINI. Secretary.
PREFIDIO Ixxise N^. 334 L O.
0 }\— rv>uf,:e Initiation THISiaaSaft^
iFRIDAY) EVENING. < Vtutn-r^V^ 1 ?^?
23. Visitors welcome.
SAMUEL, SWIRLING. N. G.
W. H. EHARPE. 6ec.
CAN FRANCISCO Tent No. Jt&8)4&§±.
Id, K. O. T. M. — Review /*T^J-2i©L
Tins fFRIDAY) EVEN- ff±j >, SSI
ING 8t 8 o'clock. Pioneer bflil TtvllJl
Hall, 24 Fourth st. CkJJ /Aj\ «sl
D. B. RICHARDS. vS^-S'^V
Record Keeper.
THE California Debris Commission having re-
ceived applications to mine by hydraulic
rroce»B from E. C. Kavanaogh and William
H. Duffey. in Phillips mine, near Forest
Hill. Placer County. Cal.. draining into Mis-
souri Creek, which reaches American River,
and from North America Consolidated Gold
Mining Company, In its mine near Gibnon-
vllle. Eterra County. Cal.. draining into weat
branch of Slate Creek, which reaches Yuba
XUver. gives notice that meeting will be held
n room 96 Fs£>d building. San Franclaco,
Cal.. November 2. 190-"i. at 1:30 p. m.
ATTOttS K V S-AT-LA W.
~™~ ~ ADVICE FREE. ™~—
OLD ESTABLISHED
COLUMBIAN LAW & COLLECTION AGENCY
Able attorneys. Rm. &5, tU6 Market, oppo-
site Emporium. Bad tenants ejected speedily
end reasonably. Collections, no matter how
email, attended to; attachments; bonds fur-
nlthed; corporations organized; civil and crim-
inal practice. Tel. John GZM. Open evgs. by ap-
pointment. We solicit an -Interview with you.
ADVICE FREE. ESTABLISHED 22 YEARS.
Divorces a specialty. Private. Quick.
NO PAY UNLESS SUCCESSFUL.
G. W. HOWE.
Attorney and Counselor at Law,
Open Evcaings 7 to 9. Phone Jeesle 4711.
Offices on First Floor — Rooms 1, 2, 3. 4 and 0.
1122 Market St.. Between Maeon and Taylor.
Aiaost Opposite "Hale's" Dry Goods Store.
THE LEGAL ADVISORY. Inc.
Practice in Federal end all State Courts.
Attachments, divorce, mining, bankruptcy,
prosecution*, adjustments, corporations, pat-
wiu. estates, probate.
Experienced and Reliable Attorneys Engaged.
AflvSc* guaranteed ¦ Correspondence solicited,
til tllA. &11B Crossley Bldg. Tel. John 2v > 38.
N. E. Cor. New Montgomery and Mission Sts.
ROUT. W. KING, ctty-at-law. Examiner bld.7
room 611: all cases, daroajrea. estate*, wills,
attachments, collections, etc.; consultation
tree: no advance charges; call or write;
evenlnrs by appointment. Tel. Red 3C01.
ADVICE free— I will advance coet in meritori-
ous c&cee, divorces, probate and all other law
ctut; no fees in advance; open every even-
lng. J. M. THURSTON. 818 Market St.. r. SL
Warner Temple, 93 Chronicle big. ; bankruptcy,
accident*, probate, matrimonial; labor liens.
DIVORCE costs $12: open evenings: tenants
ejected, $5. 916 Market.r.52. phone Black 651.
A. M. EWIXG — Attorrev-at-lew. Room 612,
Parrott bldg.; phone South CSS.
DIVORCE — Cert*. 112; Quick, cuiet; open even-
iegs. 927 Market et.. room 301.
I* E. CLARK. Emma Bpreckels bifir.. 927 Mar-
k*t ct. ; cent u! tat ion free; no fees in advance.
AITKEN A AITKEN. attorneys, rs. 809-10-11.
Ciocle fcldg- &O3 California rt.; teL Main 727.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful; all
law burtnr-FK. W. W. Davidson. 927 Market.
IICSIN'ESS CHANCES.
WANTED — Capitalist for the manufacture and
exploitation of newly patented »ras generator
for lighting homes in towns. Box 733, Call.
OWING to cor.tinupd 111 health will eell best
paying small coffc-e houne south of Market
Ft.; no agents. It»5 Fourth tt.
PRINTING office for sale; established patron-
cge; cheap rrnt: b*?t chance for the money
in city. Box L'Clti, Call.
RESTAURANT and oyster house. 10S Seventh
rt. : c :r.t in another business.
GOOD bakery in country town to let- account
:f other huEinegg. 408 McAllister st.
FRUIT store: 2 hor?e*; 2 wagecs; must be
wold: ficknepa. CaJl 1545 Geary st.
FOR eale — Branch bakery; pood location; price
tirr.. 3C2<;'4 Hyde. or>p. power-house.
LODGIXG-IIOLSES FOR SALE.
100 ROOMS; house for men; renT $14O?7^$4O(JO
f-8 rooms; eouth of Market; rent $100. 2000
24 looms: corner; part cash: bal. easy. 850
II toons; good income; rent $20 350
21 rooms; water front: rent $40; lease. €50
320 room*; jrooi lease; low rent.* C5O0
67 rms.; apartments;Westem Add.;rent 250
Money loaned at 1 per cent.
Hotels, roadhcusep, flats. 5 to 100 rooms.
KITEL & CARROLL. 212 Kearny st.
Must sell, account fickness, 12-room lodglng-
houre; 221 Golden Gate ave.; lull; a bargain.
FURNITURE of 8 rooms and bath; for sale;
room? all rented; I20O. 402^ Sixth rt.
SPiniTLALISMT"
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test meeting t<£
night. 10c. Wigwam. Webster et. and Cen-
tral ave., Alameda.
PROF. Fred P. Evans, noted psychic for slate-
writing and clairvoyance; stamp Jor circular
1112 Eddy rt.. nr. Octavla ; phone Scott 887!
ETHEL CRINDLE. materializing seance 50c-
Friday eve.. 8 o'clock. 228 Ellis tt. " '
EDWARD EARLE. 1052 Ellis, readings dally.
S*:30 to 4; seances Sunday nnd Thursday.
CLAIR VOVASTTS.
MY Regular $3 Readings This Week for
(1 II $1 $1 $1 $1 $1
PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE, \t •
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever in San Francisco. .
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee
to make no charge If I fail to tell you ycur
name, occupation and what you called for;
1 promise to tell you whether husband, wife
or sweetheart 1« tru* or false; I tell you
whom and when you will marry; In fact, I
trill tell you every hope, fear or ambition
better than you can tell yourself; I Improve
your character so that you will reach the
highest possible development in mental vigor,
health, happiness and capacity to earn
¦wea!th; no you will live happy and contented
the rest of your life. Hours 10 a. tn. to S
l>. m.; Sundays. 2 to 8. 326 O'Farrell st". 320.
MME. M. BERNARD, THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant ar,d business medium, i>erma-
nently located at 17 Third et.. next Examiner
bldg.; she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur in the future; If you are in tiouble. dis-
contented or not satisfied in life, or have do.
mestlc, love or business troubles, consult this
irreat medium and you will be told how to
overcome them; valuable advice In all affairs
of life; 25c up; satisfaction guaranteed- read-
lngs by mall. TeL Black 4563.
A — MME. PORTER, scientific clairvoyant and
card reader, born with a double veil and sec-
ond sieht: tells the part, present and future;
ladles. 50c; rents, $1; by cards, -palmistry
and clairvoyant sitting; $1 50. 123 Turk st.
MME. LEE, palmistry and clairvoyant ; hours
B-ft; evenings- and Eundayi by appointment;
readings 50c. 305 Larkln et.. rooms 17 A 18.
MISS ZCMDAR, young gifted clair. and palm.;
has second »irrht; a wonderful-, prophetess;
names; L. 60c; G. Jl. 714 Franklin. nr.G.G.av.
LOST AND FCUND — Contlnned.
LOST— In the vicinity of Valencia and 25th
sts a small Mexican* dog; answers to thi
name of Chew Chew. Reward given If re-
turned to DR. R. C. MEYERS. Russ House,
LOST— Small bunch of keys, on 0'Farrell st..
between Buchanan and Flllmore. Return to
1623 O'Farrell at.; telephone Jackson 1460.
LOST— October 22. Fourth and Market »t*.
lady's gold watch: rose engraved on Inside
back caae. Winchester Barber Shop; reward.
$2 REWARD-T-LoFt. small pink coral ball scarf
pin. Return 2215 California at.
LOST— On Haight, bet. Buchanan and Scott,
red belt with go.U buckle; reward. 225 Scott.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the California
Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter St.. needs old
gold and sliver to make new watch cases.
MEDICAL.
8AN FRANCISCO'S EMINENT PHYSICIAN.
DOCTOR WHITE ¦
TREATS WOMEN ONLY.
T02 MARKET ST.. room 7. Phone Red 8321.
Every facility for the BEST treatment of
all diseases and disorders of women. Elee^nt
sanatorium. Select patients. Strictly conn-
centlal. Fees within the reach of all.
MRS DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints; Instant relief guaranteed: 30
years" experience; removed to 826 Post t.
MRS DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and Irregularities; Instant re-
llef guaranteed. 1008H Market st.. opp. Pta.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
in trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints; positively corrected; the unfor-
tunate helped; the most difficult cases treat-
ed; advice free. Office. 1013 .Market st.
Drs. Goodwin. 783 Turk. nr. Van Ness — Expert
tn obstetrics, female complaints: lnst. relief; j
treatment $10; hours. 10 to 5; 23 yrs. exper.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement: best medical care; low feea.
A maternity villa; private: secluded; conflden-
tlal. Dr. E. Funke. 1416 Eighth- st.. Alameda.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS:
original method of treatment. 1126 Market ts.
DR. ROSEN resides 2905 Folsom st.. cor. 26th;
ladles, relief or no fee; $10.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 319 Powell St.. opposite
Union square: all diseases cured by herbs.
MILLINERY.
LADIES — 200 stylish hats to select from; lease
sold, must vacate February 1. 1904; aave
money by calling on MME. POSCH. 207 Post.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
FOR sale — 1 small steam heater. 1 compressor
or boiler, 1 25-horsepower gas engine, 1 10-
horsepower gas engine, 1 8-horsepower boiler.
For prices and information regarding above
and inspection of same, call at WHITTIER-
COBURN CO.. 20 Fremont St.. S. F.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK? *
Repair lt with elaterlte: in rolls easy to lay:
needs no painting or coating; good over old
Iron, tin or shingles; best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
2D-HAND machinery, boilers, engines, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc.. etc.. bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE M'CH'Y CO.. 130-132 Beale st.
NOTICE^ — A 3-room hunting- shack at draw-
bridges near Alvlso. Inquire of R. B. CHAN-
DLER at Fulton Iron Works, Harbor View,
for further Information. .
A— Fine su»ts. $7 50; dress pants, $2 50. Origi-
nal Misfit Clothing Parlors. 23S Kearny st..
near Bush; open to 0 p. m. Sunday to r.ooa.
A — $3 60 DSRBY and Fedora bats. $1 73. Pop-
ular Price . Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. near
Pine; open till 9 p. m. Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS.' sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
SLOT machine, Dewey. $45; Regina music box
i and lot of discs; Columbia phonograph and
records; cheap. 1508 Seventh St.. Oakland.
TRY our men! shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 60; we pay express
charges. 11 3d St.. Exam, bid.; catalog, free.
LARGEST runts and other pigeons; trained
Irish setter. 2141 Linden st.. Oakland.
Al ENGINE, 10x30: slide valve; about 175 HP.;
good as new; bargain. P. O. box 20S6.
BEST Burbank potatoes, $1 15 the sack de-
llvered. Phone Grant 70; write, call. 115 Mkt.
A VERY fine diamond over 3 karats for $333
at W. J. HE3THAL'S. 10 Sixth «t.
li, 0 AND 10 hp. gasoline enihnes; 2d-tutnd: al'.
sizes, new. E. B. BECK A CO.. 122 Market.
' NEW sod second hand machinery of all kinds.
KROGH MNFQ CO.. 510 Market st.
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417.423 Sacramento st.
MOVINO pictures, magic lanterns, sale. rcntaJ;
bargains. Billiard A Breck. 131 Post st.
MILES of pipe and fittings: all sizes. EU-
GENE RILEY A SONS. 109 Vallejo st.
MOVING picture film and song slides. 1C9
Montgomery »t.
SAFES — New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
& CO.. 122 Market st.
All bargains ;camp stools and chairs :hammocks.
metal beds.mattresses. J.F.Hotter.712 Mission.
EdUon phonographs, records, supplies, moving
picture machines, films. Bacljralupl. 933 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
ell sizes. J. K. DOAK. 46 Fremont st.
ASK for prices en second-hand typewriters; ail
makes. ALEXANDER A CO.. 110 Montg*y.
CHEAPEST and test In America — Tb« Weekly
Call. 1« pages, sent to »amy address In th»
United Stttew or Canada on- year for $1.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
I PAY hiphjrt prices for all kind* of cast-oft
* clothing; trnd postal. MORRIS. 870 Folsom.
BOOKS and libraries bought. H. C. HOL.MES.
1149 Market lit.; phone Jessie 3741. or postal.
TII.TON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 164 Oth it. : tel. Jessie 2331.
A BIG price paid for sealskins: send postal.
26 Stockton Bt. : phone Bush 484.
MONEY TO LOAN.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY. ~ ~~
601-6O2-60K Examiner bnildlng.
Quick settlements;' no disappointment.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property In trust,
etc. ; legacies, life estates and undivided In-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment.. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
INTEREST REDUCED TO 5 -PER CENT.
DEAL DIRECT; SAVE EXPENSES.
I will loan on 1st. 2d and 3d mortgages. SAN
FRANCISCO. OAKLAND. TOWN. COUN-
TRY PROPERTY and REAL ESTATE In
probate; rend full particulars of property; no
answer otherwise. Box 2498. Call office.
ADVANCES on furniture and pianos without
removal: to permanent salaried people on
their note without security or knowledge of
employer; lowest rates; no commission. Na-
tional Credit Co.. 68 and 69 Donohoe bulld-
Ing. 1170 Market st. •
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances pn diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 84S
Market st. ; tel. Main 1644. Branch. 10 Third.
MONEY loaned to salaried ' people, retail mer-
. chants, teamsters, boarding-houses without
security: easy payments; largest business In
46 principal cities. Tolman. 633 Parrott bldg.
THE Open Credit Assn. makes advances to re-
eponstble salaried people, confidentially; new
.'and simple plan; easy Installments. Room
50. 'Academy of Sciences. 819 Market st.
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL LOANS on fur-
nlture. pianos or to salaried people on their
note; proper treatment guaranteed. ILLINOIS
TRUST CO.. r. 16. Phelan bid., tel. Main 704.
A — 1 per cent on furniture or piano: no remov.
¦ al. no commission, no publicity ;$23 up; quick.
private, confidential. 26 Montgomery, rm. 7.
M. JACOBSEN & CO., room 621. Emma Spreck-
els Building, loans money on real estate and
all other securities: confidential; low rates.
"MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant ave..
: LOANS' FROM $1 TO $10.000.
MONEY to loan on low interest; gold, silver,
diamonds pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J.'HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
TO salaried people without securlt>; on fur-
niture, indorsed notes and other security.
S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan bldg.
YOU can borrow more money on your furniture
than any other place In city; no commission.
C12 Parrott buijding; phone South 6M.
ON furniture piano; no removal. E. W. LICK,
1003 Mutual Savings Bank bid g.. 708 Market.
MONEY loaned to salaried employes. O. W.
. MILLER, room 74. fifth floor. Chronicle bldg. I
8% ON furniture A pianos; $13 up; no removal, j
.V. TREMAIN. room 81. 6 Eddy «t.. floor 4. |
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent '
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 533 Kearny.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans nvney to
salaried employes. R.311,Mutual Sav.Bk.bld.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without !
indorser. MORELL, . CC9 Examiner bids. - ;
CHEAPEST and best In America — The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for SI. |
. . —.-v. I ¦:-,.-' ¦ ¦ ¦-- ¦¦: -, •¦ '.-van --¦ hesSsiS -
HELP WANTED— MALE^-Conttnned.
A— MURRAY & READY. G34-636 Clay Bt.
Phone Main SS48.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents. ,
1902 we gave • 1903 we'll give
45.000 men work. 60,000 men work-
Arizona, " Oregon.
; Nevada. ';/'•''¦
• Southern Pacific and Santa Fe systems; free
,¦ pass
• - ¦ On Every Train. • ¦ - , ¦
Section hands, muckers, drillers, extra gangs,
teamsters, hammersmen.
Mines. Tunnels, Quarries.
Miners all over State. $90 and $82 60.
Stables. Farms. Orchards. Dairies.
Farm and orchard hands $30, $35. $40 fd.:
milkers. $30 to $50 found".
Choremen. coachmen, gardeners, etc.. $30.
Stablemen, city, country Jobs $30 to $60.
Sawmills. Woods —
Laborers, no experience wanted. $40 to $70
found.
805 woodchoppen.
287 tlemaken.
All classes of experienced men for woods,
mills, etc from $50. $70, $S0, $90. $100,
$125 to $150 month.
Cooks. • Walters. Porters.
Cooks, hotels, restaurants, camps, mines and
ranches, city and country, ! $30 to $70 found.
Walters, city and country. $25 to $40 found.
Butchers, different Jobs $40 to $90 found.
Mechanical — .
2 coopers, factory.. 20c fare, $3 25 day.
Laborers and teamsters, city and country,
many in San Francisco, $2 25.
Placer County.
16 laborers, flume work, with carpenter,
$67 60. •
16 carpenters, flume work, far* ?3, $75.
Arizona —
803 miles. Prescott. Mltfdletown.
Arizona to-day. $1 50 fee.
6 slack coopers, -9c; 6 cabinetmakers.
To Fresno To-day. ¦
15 laborers, lumber company. $40 to $55 fd.
• * Oregon.
Ooal miners. . Oregon. Free fare.
65 coal miners. Oregon. $3 to $5 a day.
Butcher, shop, south. $47 SO and found. : '
6 boys, learn trades $5 $6 and $7 a week.
Shlngler, Monterey County, $90.
8 carpenters, Monterey County, $90.
3 carpenters, fare 60c, plain work, $90.
. Keeper for shooting preserve. $30 found.
Painter and paperhanger, $3 60 day.
Steward, $76 and commission,
for first-class Krill restaurant.
DIAMONT> MATCH COMPANY.
$75. Four-horse teamsters.
$75. . You'll suit; go to-day.
Cost 'you $1 That's all.
MURRAY A READY. 634-630 Clay st.
BIO LUMBER TRUST.
Located In center of great gold center.
• • - El Dorado County: . .
25 laborers you'll suit. $45 and found.
MURRAY A READY. 634- G36 Clay st.
TOGETHER YOU CAN GO.
Old man and wife, ranch, $45 and house.
4 farm hands, clear land, $26 and found.
6 woodchoppers, pine wood, tools found, $1
per cord; also 4 Ehtngle bolt makers, $1 25
cord.
BOSS AT OUR OFFICE.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay tt.
ARIZONA— ITALIANS.
65 Italians. Mexicans. Big Wages.
60 Austrians, Spanish. Big Wages.
65 Portuguese. Big Wages.
Board yourselves and 2 years* job.
MURRAY & READY. 634-63(i Clay Bt.
55 ITALIANS.
Railroad ballasting, etc., steady good Job, for
American Steel and other trusts about their
great works.
¦ ' MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
HOTEL MEN, LOOK!
Steward, country commercial hotel, a good
•buyer and caterer, boss here; good wages.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay et.
""special. "
6 rigging pullers, lumber company, $40 found.
You'll, Suit.
45 men to grade and ballast R. R., $45 fd.
MURRAY & READY. 634-C30 Clay st.
TRY our men's shoe?, union made, at $1 and
$1 CO per pair, foot-form shoes a: $2 50, or
orthopedic shoes, $3 50;best shoes on earth. 11
Third St.. Exam, bldg., 5 doors from Market.
WANTED— For U. 8.' Marine Corps, able- <
bodied unmarried men, between 21 and 35;
good character; must s-ptak. rea'd and write
English; marines serve at sea on men-of-
war In all parts of the world, on land In our
Island possessions, and at naval stations in
the United States. Apply at recruiting of-
fice, 40 Ellis st., San Francisco. Cal.. and
401 K St.. Sacramento, Cal. ..
MEN to learn barber trade; only 8 weeks re-
quired; special offer this month; catalogue
and full information mailed free. MOLER
" SYSTEM COLLEGE. 635 Clay St.
STRONG school boy to carry morning paper;
south Market st. ; no Sunday work. Room i>,
1508 Market at. "
WANTED — Two top mattress makers; union
shop.' Apply Wakefield Mnfg. Co., 481 and
463 Fourth nt., Oakland «
WANTED — Rough carpenters and laborers.
• Apply room 14.' 26 Montgomery st. San
Francisco Construction Company.
PENSION ATTY. M. HARRIS. 40 Ellis St.; 14
years' practice; refererces from thousands of
persons for whom I have secured pensions.
FIRST-CLASS showcas? maker; also cabinet
maker; only those thoroughly understanding
the trade need apply. 1158 Mission st.
2 GOOD men: neat in appearance: references
required. 110 Geary St.. fourth floor.
A YOUNG man as porter; references. Crystal
Hotel. Fourth and Berry sts.
BARBER trade taught in 5 weeks. Address
W. C. B., 4547 Commercial st.
MEN to learn barber trade.; catalogue mailed.
8. , F. Barber School, 741A Howard st.
MAN to learn the barber trade: first-class In-
structions guaranteed. 611 Commercial st. ,
McDONALD & PERRY have a large stock of
new and second-hand shoes; cheap. 239 3d st.
PENSION atty. E. A. Bullls, room 40. Phelan
bldg. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post G.A.H.
BAILORS and ordinary oeamen for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S. 20 Steuart st.
WINCHESTER Hotel; 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms. 35c night: reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
rubscriptlons has been established at 1088
Valencia st. : •
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d st«.
GET your shoes half soled while waiting: 23c
to KOc. '<:?. Mission st., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
HORSES AND WAGONS.
FINE rubber-tired buggy and new harness, ¦
also good driving horse, for sale; a bargain.
' Apply 817 Montgomery ave. Tel. James 2506.
HARNESS and saddles, the best for the money,
nt JEPSEN BROS. CO., Inc., -the big store,
1145-1147 Market St., San Francisco.
A FINE new rubber-tired Victoria for sale,
cheap; the latest style. 1504 Folsom st.
BIG auction every Tuesday, 11 a. m. ; 'horse*,
harness, wagons, buggies. 1140 Folsom st.
MUST be sold at a sacrifice; 0 good horses. 327
Sixth et.
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping wagon
! and gocart for sale cheap. 532 Mission st.
Largest ' assortmt 2-hand wagons.buckb'd. siur-
rev.haroeas.work.drlvlnir horses. 15th-VaIencla
~ .house's to let.
A — PRINTED list of houses to let; send for clr-
¦ cular. G. H. UMBSEN A CO.. 14 Montgomery
| A — HOUSES <tnd flats to let; an Immense list;
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department: It will rave you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-259 Geary
St.. on the square.
CASTRO, 800 — 9 - sunny rooms, bath, large
basement, yard; key 811 Castro tt. '
VAN NESS ave.. 2104. near Pacific — Modern
house; 10 rooms; rent $70. • ¦
SUNNY house; 8 rooms; $40. 816 McAllister
street. .
BEFORE moving get our printed list 'of houses
to let. BALDWIN A HOWELL. 25 Pout St.
HOUSES TO LET— -FURNISHED.
HAYES, 1423, "near Park Panhandle — 6 rooms,
bath, large cloaet. yard, basement: accom-
modate 4 to 6 adults: desirable. Call 12 to 0.
HOUSES FURNISHED — FOR SALE.
MUST' sell at once the furniture of''7 sunny
rooms; cheap -rent. 2240 Post" st. . ¦
HOUSES "WANTED. ~~
WANTED^Dec. 1, by 4 adults," r gocXslze<£
well f urn. house In West' n Addition; refer-
encts regards care. Box 89, Menlo Park.Cal.
HOUSE of 14 to 18 rooms/ on long lease, with-
in 6 blocks City Hall. Apply 1170 Market
• /it., room ¦ 64. - - - ¦-¦ - • -. - ¦.;
LOST AND FOUND.,
LOST — Tan leather , purse ' containing small
; leather purse , inside, 3 keys and some small
. change; lost near Boulevard station on Ocean
- Beach. Finder please return" to 531 Capp st.
and receive reward.
FOUND— Fur neckpiece; will the lady who tele-
phoned to the milliner en Post st. please send
her address? Will return upon paying for
advertisement.: Box 44C1, Call office.
HELP WASTED — FEMALE— Con.
A SWEDISH waitress for 2 In family, $30; a
Protestant second girl for 2 In falmly, $30;
. a laundress- on plain work In hotel, $25,
rare paid;- a helper in an Institution, $25.
MISS PLUNKETT, 425 Sutter^st.. nr. Powell
MISS CLARA MCCARTHY, formerly of Ross
Valley, will please call for letters at 425
Butter at. .
A SECOND girl, also a nurse, for Santa Bar-
bara, $25 each: see party in office. MISS
PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter St., near Powell.
2 CHAMBERMAIDS flrst-claes hotel, north,
country. $20 and found. PACIFIC EM-
PLOYMENT AGENCY. 520 Sacramento at.
BEWING MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-
ETERS; NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY:
PAID SALARY. LEVI STRAUSS A CO.'S
FACTORIES. 32^ FREMONT ST. AND 1873
MISSION. NEAR FIFTEENTH.;
• * . /
STENOGRAPHER, boy or girl, 16 to 20, for
law office in country. Room 119, Grand Ho-
tel. 12 to 1 and 5 to 6 to-day.
WANTED^GIrl for general housework. Call
between 11 and 3, 90S Ellis st.; car fare paid.
WOMAN for permanent position; $12 per week.
Call to-day. 231 Post St., room 5.
Middle-aged American; light housew'k; small'
American family; $15. 371 Minna, near 5th.
WANTED — Girl for waitress and seamstress:
wages $25 or $30; references. Apply morn-
ings 1403 Jackson St., corner Nineteenth,
Oakland.
CIGARETTE makers wanted; learners taken;
steady work; good wages. The John Bollman
Co.. corner Front and Pacific sts.'
WANTED — An experienced young lady, from
17 to 20 years, for office work. Address box
737. Call office. »
GIRLS about 16 for factory work; srtod wages.
Apply at once, AME3 & HARRIS, 100 Sac-
ramento st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman for resDonslble posi-
tion; business experience. Box 44C-1, Call.
WANTED — Girl . for second work and waiting.
1307 Hyde st.
GIRL about 14 or 15 to take care of baby. 2214
Larkln st.
WANTED— Experienced finishers on coats.
BARON'S. 762 Market St.
OPERATORS and finishers on white shirts.
ROGERSON'S. 535 Valencia st.
2 LADIES of good address to represent a high-
grade magazine. CO Columbian bldg., city.
FIRST-CLASS stenographers furnished. Miss
M. G. Barrett, Instructor, 302 Montgomery.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and lubscrlptlons
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1006
Valencia st.
"P 1 - 1 * WANTED — MALE.
AT THE CaIT^M^L^M^NT^IGENCy]
50 Third St., nr. Call bldg. *phone Bush 405.
FREE FARE.
NEVADA NEVADA.
Reno, Golconda and Ryndon.
100 laborers, $2 a day; S. P. R. R. Co.'s own
work.
4 men for rock quarry. $2 25 a day.
CHICO. BITTTE CO.
Half Rate Fare. $2 80.
. 12 teamsters, 52 50 a day.
10 laborers. $2 25 a day.
Ship to-day; fee $1.
Camp waiter, $."!0 a month and board.
Concrete foreman, $90 a month.
South; fare paid both ways.
CAL. EMP. AGENCY. 59 Third at.
CARPENTER for mining company', $4 day;
foreman on concrete work and pipe laying,
$00; farmer and wife, $50 and found and In-
crease; stable boy, $30; blacksmith helper,
$2 25 day; coopers; woodchoppers for mine,
$1 50 cord; laborers, $2 day, and others. J.
F.-CROSKTT & CO.. C2S Sacramento st.
COOK and helper, country hotel, $80: cook and
wife, city. $00: restaurant cook. $70 to $80;
hotel second cook, $40; hotel waltem, $30,
and others. J. F. CROSETT A CO.. 628
Sacramento st.'
AT S. F. EMP. BUREAU, 17 Fourth st.
Mr. Gregory and wife, please call.
Reno and all points In Nevada; free.
Laborers and rockmen, city, $2 to $2 25 day.
3 2-horse teamnters, north, $50 mo. a,nd fd.
2 rough carpenters, near city, $2 day and fd.
10 rough carpenters. Salt Lake, free fare.
Swampers, timber fellers, spool tenders.
Donkey engineer, north, $45 and fd. up.
S. F. KMP. BUREAU. Phone Grant 26.
AT "E. £c B." R. R. Labor Agency,
633 Commercial st.
Free Fare — Free Fare. ,
60. tunnel men. S2 CO to $3 day.
CO muckers' and drillers, $2 to $2 60 a day.
100 laborers, $2 a day.
Long Job: eight months' work.
Free fare — Ryndon, Nevada.
"E. & B." R. R. LABOR AGENCY,
038 Commercial st.
A BUTLER for steady place in city, $45. MISS
PLUNKETT, 425 Sutter St., near Powell.
A COOK for a hotel, $60 a month; see party
here this morning. MISS PLUNKETT, 425
• Sutter St., near Powell.
WANTED— For U. S. army, able-bodied, un-
married men, between ages of 21 and 35, ctti-
• zens of United States of good character and
temperate habits, who can speak, read and
write English. For Information apply to Re-
cruiting Officer, Rlalto building, New Mont-
gomery st., San Francisco, or Masonic bulld-
lng, Sacramento, Cal.
WANTED — Fireman, trimmer, third cook. 2
-v stewards. 2 sailors; S. 8. Isls for Hamburg.
Apply to captain 7 a. m. today, Union-st.
wharf No. 2. .
WANTED — A young man experienced' In sell-
ing children's furnishings in a retail store.
Apply S. N. WOOD A CO.. 740 Market at.
WHY pay big prices to have your shoes half-
eoled when you can ret It done for. 25c, 60c
and tide, while you wait at 663 Mission St.,
bet. 1st' and 2d ats., or 11 Third at.?
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday.
802 Sansome st.. near Pacific.
WANTED — Barber for Saturday and Sunday.
218 Montgomery ave. .'. '¦• '
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday; no
. students. , 1000. Mission St., corner Sixth. »
WANTED — Baker's helper on bread. Ill Lar-
kln st. • . ' •
BOY to wait* at table. 130 Second at. , . • -,-
GOOD tailor wanted for bushellng. 827 Sutter
j St., near, Leavenworth. : ,
WANTED— Walter at New Golden Gate Hotel,
104 Fourth ct. -¦-.,.-.-, '¦¦'""."¦
BARBER shop. for. sale; running .1 chairs; ac-
count of sickness; cheap. 3250 Mission st.'
BARBERS — 3-chalr shop; north • of Market
corner; low rent. Deckelman. 100 Ellis.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at- $1. and
$1 50 pair; foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay
express or mall chnri. 11 3d St., Exam. bid.
WANTED— Laborers - and ' mechanics " to know
. that ' Ed Hoi kin, . Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third St.; 250 rooms; 25c, to 50c per night.
ADVEHTlSING,80l!cltor: new business. 638
Market «t.. front office. . - .'¦ -tf . : ; ¦•••>; ; <« ¦
BRIGHT, active, boy of 16 to 18 for wholesale
. house.- -Box ,735. Call. -
WANTED — Boy to drive wagon. 4C9 Seventh
St.; Oakland. '
MiTsicAir rssTRtnirorrs.
THIS AD IS OUR OREATEST EXPENSE.
We pay no rent, as we own the bulld'tnv-
The only reason we advertise Is to let you
know we rent the best piano In the city for U
per month. Now we can sell you one ju»t tha
same. Our expenses are so very mnca leas
than ether firms, why not Investigate our pric»«
and compare notes? Invest 5c carfare and save
from $75 to $150 on a piano. SCOTT-CL'RTAa
PIANO CO.. 6gO-g2-64 Hayes tt.
WE do not advise the purcnase of cheap planoa.
as they are seldom satisfactory, but w» havs
pianos at a medium price that can be guar-
anteed to please the most critical. Our best
' sellers are the Behr Eros.." Baumelster and
Schubert. THE ZEXO MAUVAIS MTSIU
CO.. 768 Market st. '
A FINE lot of second-hand ttprl«ats from $.',o
up. including such makes as Chickerln*.
Vom, Kroeger, Curtax. Klrkham. Pease.
Hani man. Marshall & Wendell. . Bans aai
others. BENJ. CURTAZ & SOX. 16 O Far-
rell st. No branches In San Francisco.
BAND instruments; F. Besson. Parts, maker;
Qua MaiwalJ. Agt. Pae, Coast. 278 O'Farre!l:
skillful repairing; 2d-hand Instruments sold.
A STECK * GABLER upright, nearly new.
cheap; a snap. HORN-UNO. 216 McAllister.
RARE chance; cash or payments: elegant hlgij
grade upright. 16 McAllister St.
Unredeemed storage pianos and furniture dirt
cheap. Whltehead's Storage. 1630 Market st.
BEAUTIFUL 3-pedal Steinway upright piano;
perfect order: sacrifice. Keeffe's.2S5 O'Farrell.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy pianos*. Cedilan plaao
player. BYRON MAUZY. 508-312 Post st.
SUPERIOR violins, ilthen. old and n«w. H-
ML'LLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
STORE with large basement; below Kearny
¦t. : rent $30. Aurly 63B Clay st.. room 1.
PIANOS AND ORGANS.
PART of our list of bargains in second-hand
pianos for September. 1903:
Ortstnal
Price. Not*.
'1 -SCHUMAN & EONS—
Walnut case, medium size, 7 1-8
octaves, three pedals, raised carved
panels. In good condition $300 $110
1 RICHMOND—
Mahogany case, small sixe. raised
carved panels. 7 1-3 octaves, three
pedals, slightly used, but la good
condition - 00 1T3
1 SPENCER—
Walnut case, cabinet grand, en-
graved panels, three pedals. 7 1-3
octavos good condition 323 ISO
2 HOWARDS-
Walnut cases, medium size. 7 1-3
octaves, three pedals, mandolin at-
tachments. good condition: each.. BOO lsa
1 MOLLENHAUER & BACH—
Walnut case, large sUe. raised
carved panels, three pedaJs, 7 1-3
octaves In very good condition... 330 ISO
1 NEWMAN BROS.—
Walnut case, large size uprtgnt.
- 7 1-3 octaves, thoroughly renevatsd.
equal to new W0 200
1 LUDWIO & CO. —
Oak case medium size. raJsed
carved panels. 7 1-3 octaves, three
pedals good tone. In fine condition. S50 ZIO
Complete list furnished on application at
our store. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Ohrner Kearny and Sutler sts.
PERSONALS.
ATTENTION. LADIES—
To sea is to believe; go and see> tae exhibi-
tion at the Union Drug Store, cor. O'Farrell
and Stockton sts.; a living model with the>
wrinkles and bagziness removed from one
side cf the face a year ago by M. ELLA
HARRIS of 781 O'Farrell st.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves Its growth. stops falling, cures dandruS,
and itching scalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp ;at druggists', hairdressers'; ac-
cept no substitute. Star RemedyCo., 1338 Polk.
THERE an» other cereal coffees, but if you
want. the best ask your grocer for Cof-farln;
absolutely pure, palatable and nourishing.
THE COF-FARIN CO.. 134 Valencia St.
i BRAUN — Professor Martin, graduate masseur
of the Imperial University Hospital; Vienna.
Office 224 Starr King fcldg.. 121 Geary. Tel.
Exchange 216.
NOT how cheap but how good Is the motto of
the manufacturers of the Rapid Rotary
Standard, the sewing-machine of to-day. J.
W. EVANS, agent. 1021 Market st.
PHYSICIAN. 15 years' experience, cures per-
manently morphine, cocaine habit. Call or
address Central Pharmacy. 251 Grant ave..
corner Sutter St.: fee moderate.
Wrinkles removed: fine complexion guaranteed :
new method: shampooing, hair dried by sun.
50c; dandruff cured 3 days; vibratory treat-
ments. C. Hoff.710 Sutter; tel.- Larkin 4C36.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday, Saturday. Sun-
day evgs., Teutonla Hall. Howard St., nr.
9th: Prof. Foster; society dancing taught.
LIQUOR habit cured. We guarantee to cure
the liquor habit in 2 days or no charges.
Acme Liquor Cure Co.. 907 Market, r. 202.
DRUNKENNESS, morphine and all dm? dis-
eases positively cured by Willow Bark Co..
1830 Polk St.; consultation free; cal I or write.
REMOVAL. — Dr. W. C. STRATTON has re-
moved his office from 2233 Mission st. to
rooms 573 and 574, Parrott bldg (Emporium).
AT less than cost, uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor. 721 Market st.
ELEGANT suits on easy Installments: 50 c»nts
and up per week. LEON LEMOS. 1127
Market St.. bet. Seventh and Eighth.
ANDERSON — Elegant theatrical and masquer-
ade costumes rented. 26 O'Farrell st.
' — — — , —
SUITS to order on Installments, $1 per week.
Neuhaus & Co.. merch. tailors. 727-729 Market.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elec-
tric needle. Dr. & Mrs. Traverse.1170 Market.
THE best place to buy good umbrellas or
have them covered or repaired Is 120 Stockton
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress pants $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Duj-ont.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs.
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Its natural color; $1; at all druggists*.
Superfluous hair and moles removed with elec-
. . trie needle. Mrs. & Miss Eaton. 1110 Setter.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Ca»C
1ft roge«. In wrapper, for mailing. t\ year.
PALMISTRY.
MME.*DEVAS — Scientific palmist and astrolo-
glst. Palm readings $1. Hours 10 to 12 and
1 to 5. and Tuesday evenlnss. 139 Pest st.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 515
Taylor st.. near Geary. *Phon» Black 501.
PAPERHANGING. PAINTING. ETC.
ROOMS papered. $3 BO op; tinting, painting.
Hartman Paint Co.. 319 3d st.; tel. Main 41 1.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C O'DONNELL — Office and residence.
1C21H Market st.. bet. €th and 7th: partlcu-
lar attention paid, to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
.DR. BALL. 1073^ Market st.
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM. herb, doctor.
treats all diseases of the human body: for
past four years at 113-117 Mason: now lo-
cated at 667 Geary St.. near Leavenworth.
DR. TONG PO CUT. successor to Dr. Lt Pfc
Tal. herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor— AH dls-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 74fl-S Clay st.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
MOTHERS — Dtlnk Cof-fartn regularly and
your nerves and digestion will be all right;
give tt to the children and the old man. and
half your troubles will cease.
CATARRH DEAFNESS and NOISES In EAR3
positively cured; new method; 1 week's treat-
¦ ment free. .Dr. Cottlnrham. 204 Sutter st.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES
NEW HOME tewing machlna; this week only;
$10, $15. $20; slightly used: needles 20c dox.
NEW HOME S. M. CO.. 10S1 Market St.
STORAGE AND^WAREHOUSEa.
jl EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; 'furniture.
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 72»-
731 Howard st.. near Third; phone Grant VUi
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage A Moving Co.. of-
fice Post and Powell sts.: tel. Prtv. Ex. 371.
CONKLIN'S Storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave.: phone East l-'i.
GOLDEN West Storage: advances made: S4O
Mission st. ; tet. Howard 041. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storase and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 FUlmore st; phone Jackson 2S1.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
«t. : tel. Main lS4a Shipping at crut rates.
_ TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— W^j
' sell better machines for less money than tnjrrf
house In the city: rentals $3. The Typewrite*!
Exchange. 536 California: telephone Main 2CS.-
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each: gel par*
tleulars. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
gomery st. '¦•*-.-
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Inspec. Co.. 5CS Market.
EMPLOYMENT WASTEP — MALE.
EASTERN man. with 25 years' experience, like
to have position ae superintendent or foreman
for contractor and builder, on In or outside
work; good draughtsman and flgurer on plans
of any description. Box 2014. Call office.
AESAYER and chemist, with best smelter ex-
perience, would like position . in Central cr
South America;- capable of operating mine
and stamp mill. I. STOCKWELL, 1424 Mar-
ket st. ¦ ' ' -
RESPECTABLE* young man. sober, willing and
reliable, wishes position in flrst-claes house
to learn bartending; city or country. Address
box 738. Call office.
YOUNG man (facial mas. and scalp treatment
special), some kndwledge of shaving, will
learn barber trade. Box 740. Call office.
POSITION wanted by man and wife; Germans;
man good horseman and handy; wife first-
class cook; city or country. 668 Stockton st.
BUTLER— First-class butler and valet (Eng-
lish), with best city references, wants place.
Box 743, Call ofnoe.
A BOY 17 years old would like a Job driving a
wagon. Box 741, Call office.
A REFINED old gentleman, eminently respect-
able, good habits, unincumbered, desires a
position as companion to an elderly gentle-
man or lady or both. Address P. O. box
2073, San Francisco.
WANTED — Any kind of office employment,
having had experience In coal and wood
business; also In railroad office work; collect-
ing and soliciting; can supply any kind of
references. Address box 4460. Call.
SITUATION wanted by first-class coachman;
thoroughly understands care or horses, har-
ness and carriages; , understands care of
gentleman's place; first-class references; L.
S., 650 Howard st.
POSITION «of trust wanted by married man of
gooa address and appearance; references;
bond. Box 4450. Call. •
POSITICVf wanted as engineer by sober, re-
liable man; 10 years' experience. Address
728 Howard St.. room 3.
MIDDLE-AGED single man would like a po-
sition In the country; wages no cbject. Box
4454. Call office.
SOBER, steady German wants position ; private
place; care horse, cow, garden or small
dairy. Bos 4457. Call.
RELIABLE man desires employment as car-
pentefs helper. Address box 2629. Call.
AN energetic Japanese, with experience in plain
cooking, would like to work In a private
family; steady and faithful. F. N.< 431 Ste-
venson Bt.
A CHINESE, first-class cook, wishes position;
hotel or boarding-house; pantry and meat;
good . references. 812 Clay st.
A JAPANESE poultryman wants work on
poultry farm; wages. Address M. Y. ¦ NIE.
923 Sacramento st.
A JAPANESE young man wants to do 'some
kind of work before 8 a. m. In return for
small room; vicinity of 1011 Flllmore st.
TWO Japnnese boys desire housework or school-
boy position. 1304 Post st., tel. Polk 2167.
A JAPANESE couple want housework In the
ctty. 1410 Pine st.; telephone Hyde 171.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and nubscrlptloai
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia lit.
FINANCIAL.
4 PER CENT to 6 PElTcENT HIGH ! GRADE
Municipal, School, Railroad and Corporation
Bonds,
Bank and Trust Company Stocks,
Selected for conservative investors.
Write for information to
HEAZELTON & CO..
Stock and Bond Brokers,
Hayward Building,
San Francisco. Cal.
FLATS TO LET.
A — HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense list;
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department: it will save "you time and '
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-259 Geary
fct.. on the square.
$30 — NEW upper flat- 8 fine large sunny, rooms;
2 toilets; concrete basement; fine finish. 130
Second tve.. near Sacramento st.
ELEGANT 7-room corner flat; rent $35. 652
Church st., near Eighteenth.
WASHINGTON, cor. Lyon — New sunny cor.
flat. 9 rooms, large reception hall; rent $55.
BUSH, 1C51. near Frar.hlln — 7 nunny rooms:
upper flat; $37 50; yard, etc.: rear entrance.
ELLIS, 810, nr. Polk— For business purposee; 3
rms.; all conveniences; electric light,, power.
PIERCE and McAllIrtcr sts., NE. corner — 9
rooms; new: rent $57 60. ' - .
FLATS TO LET— FURNISHED.
HANDSOMELY furnished 4-room flat: rea-
eonable. 26O8A Eutter. Inquire from 1 to 6.
PRETTILY furnished flat, 5 rooms, bath. 1805
Btelner st. - . - ' •
FLATS FOR SALE— FURNISHED.
FLAT of 6 newly furnished rooms; cause de-
parture; rent $22 50. 315 Gough st.
NO reasonable offer refused; furniture of 8-
room flat; boarders. 1031 McAlHut.er st.
FURNITURE WANTED.
A! WOLLPERT. 773 Mission, phone Red 4462,
buys, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpets.
HIGHEST price for furniture and mdse. L. H
BURP, auctloneer.1818 Mkt.;tel.Howard 275«.
HELP WANTED FEMALE.'
COOK, wash and Iron, $45; cook, country hotel,
$30; 2 cooks, no washing, $35; 4 German
cooks,. $30 and $35; cook and kitchen help,
$00, will take man and wife; man and wife,
ranch, $50; 2 nurse girls, $20-$25; laundress,
home,» $25; 5 second girls; $20-$25;' chamber-
maid, $20; housework, city, $35; San Rafael,
$30; 2 waitresses, country hotel, $20; cook,
Menlo Park, $30; dormitory girl, $20, and 44
house girls, city and country, $20-$25-$30.
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter.
A LAUNDRESS and chambermaid. ?35; wait-
ress, same place, $35; cook, . short distance,
$40; nurseglrl, $25: houseglrl, $30, small fam-
ily; girl to keep house for one lady, $25; 2
second girls, $25. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sut-
ter St.- .'.-.- . ¦ '¦ -\
A — Girl» to learn millinery now for fait season;
both seasons taught from start to finish In 1
month for $10; positions as trimmers, sales-
ladies, etc.. guaranteed at $10 per. week up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton St., r. 13.
A— WANTED— Girls to learn halrdresslng,
manicuring, - etc. ; trade taught. from' A to Z
in 2 weeks; $5 to those entering now; 3 po-
sitions to fill immediately; positions guaran-
teed at $10 per week up; leading . school in
West. 233 Geary st., room 13. .,
A — LADIES to learn all branches halrdresslng
trade; manicuring, massage, eta, 1230'Mar-
ket et., cor. Jones, room Qi; positions secured
at highest wages; day and eve. class; call.
NURSE for sanitarium. 2344 Sutter st.
A GIRL wanted to assist in ¦ restaurant and
, bakery at 15S Fourth st.
CIiAIRVOYA!fTS-.--Contlnned. - __
1SMAR, the Egyptian rypey. clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently. located at 1104 Market
st.. cor. Turk; private readings dally, 10 a.
m to 6 p. m.; readings by mall as satisfac-
tory as in person; '8 questions answered, si;
full life, $5; seed lock of hair, date and year
' of birth; don't send currency. Bend postofflce,
Wells-Fargo money order or regletered letter.
A— line. Ravenna reads life, business advice;
names given; 25c up. 5 4th at., near Market.
PARTHJENA. gifted clalr., just from East;
wonderful prophetess. 5O7 Post st.. nr. Mason.
Gifted clairvoyant test medium: names given:
ladles only,25c; 2 to S. 1008 Harrison, nr. 6th
MIPS WARD gives names, dates and facts;
hour* 10 to 8. 413 Mason St.; no sign.
MRS GARDNER, clairvoyant, canl reader.
C55B Minna St.. bet. 7th and 8th; hours 9-9.
OLDEST lady palmist and Card reader in city.
26^4 Kearny. room 20; ladles 25c, gents 50c.
MRS EHAFER clairvoyant, card trader; slt-
tlngs dally. 44 SH Jessie et.. bet, ath and Cth.
CAHPET BEATIXG^AJTO CLEAXISO.
AIR. compressed, dry, ice cold. Is now univer-
sally u«ed in sanitarily cleaning carpets, on
floor, without removal or injury; prices mod-
erate. Apply S. F. COMPRESSED AIR
CLEANING CO.. Call bid. ; phone Main 0237.
"WHEN you become dlFgusted with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 355-337 Tehama st. ; tel. South 40.
SMITH'S Carpet Cleaning Co.; Al work guar-
anteed. 3c 1843 15th St.; phone Capp 1551.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1809 Har-
rison at. ; Al cleaning. 3c; tel. Mission 225.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating Co., J. McQueen,
proprietor. 329 Guerrero St.; tel. Mission 49.
TRY HOPKB BROS.: excellent carpet -beat Ing:
mattresses made over. 1432 Howard; South 216.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st:
tel. Main 304. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison St.; tel. Mission 2C3.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works,
' 333 Golden Gate ave.; telephone East 128.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4.: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10; tel. 6580.
DENTISTS.
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 800 Market St.,
cor. Fourth, room 7, Flood building; extrac-
tions done painlessly; teeth without plate*
our specialty: gold crowns. $3 60 up; plates,
$4 50 up. extraction free; office hours, U
a. m. to 9 p. m.; Sundays, 9 to 2. ¦
DR. GRl'SS. 504-5-6 Callaghan bldg.. Market
and -McAllister *t»., uses the Baeford Obtun-
der, the only device ever Invented for grind-
ing, drilling and excavating teeth absolutely
without naln. For demonstration and proof
call at qfnee.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates aw
ma-le; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per tet; extracting. 60c; gas given.
A N*EW "plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crown. $3 50; fillings. 50c;
plates. $5; full set;all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth at.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Set teeth $1 £0 up: crowns $2 up; fillings 25c.
GOLD fillings. 75c: silver/ 35e: crowns, $2; no
pain; open Sunday. Dr.O.B.Hewltt.204 Sutter.
DRESSMAKERS AXD SEA»ISTRESSES
McDOWELL DreFsmaklng and Millinery School
— Any pattern cut to measure. 1019 Market.
ACCORDION, sunburst Sr knife plaiting. Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory, 110 Taylor.
BD yCA'T'OJtAL.
THE San Francisco Young Men's Christian As-
sociation conducts a night school for men. an
engineering school, an evening law school, a
working boys' night school and a day business
end academic school. Students have gymnas-
ium and other privileges. Apply at Y. M. C.
A. building. Mason and Ellis eta.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 POST, S.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy, English branches; day
e.nd night sessions; illustrated catalogue free.
HINMAN'S Academy; a thorough school of
dancing; established 20 years. 1412 Polk St..
between Pine and California; both adult and
children's classes are now open for the season.
AYRES. the leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket et. ; special summer couree In . all depart-
• mente; handsome cata'cgue free; life scholar-
ship. $50; day and evening sessions.
CALIFORNIA BuFlnsks College. 305 Larkln tt.
"A thorough school"; positions secured for
graduates; modern methods; individual in-
struction. Write for Illustrated catalogue.
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for the university, law and medical colleges;
ref.. President Jordan or any Stanford profes-
sor; day and evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
A— SAN FRANCISCO Business College, 1236
Market st. — Practical,' progressive, ' reliable;
diy and evening sessions; write for catalogue.
DANCING Tuesday, Thursday. Saturday. Sun-
day evg*., Teutonla Hall. Howard St., nr.
Oth. Prof. Foster; society dancing taught.
A GENTLEMAN teaches privately young men
and women whoso education has been 'neg-
lected; also foreigners. Call or add. 719 Post.
HEALD'S School of Mines &, Electricity. 24 Post
rt., S. F. ; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special .catalogue free.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec. min~ mechTTsur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1804. Van
der Nalllen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
G. MANSFIELD, teacher of violin, guitar!
mandolin, banjo. 426 O'Farrelt st."
SPANISH. French. etc. Pmf.DeFillppe'sAcademy
of Languages, 320 Post; estab'd 1871;ablesi profs
GOLDEN Gate Com'l College, 530 Golden Gate
ave.; full business course; day and evening-.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine st Night class.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve.; {5 mo. 1024 Misslon.nr. Bth.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
GEORGE AOKI, 421 Post BrTTeTTliuyirm^-
Japa^eFe-Chinese employment office; fur-
nishes best help; contracts for farm help, etc.
A — ORPIIEUM Employment Office — Japanese-
Chinese help. 428 Powell. Tel. Main 0752.
A — GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office, 415
Stockton; tel. Grant 108; expert, reliable help.
IF you want Japanese help, advertise in The
New World. Japanese daily paper, 353 Geary.
CHINESE Employment Office — Best help at
Leon Seung's. 4im O'Farrell; tel. East 42a
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 6188.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 040 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WAXTEDt-FEJBALE.
A FIRST-CLASS seamstress or as ladles' mald-
references. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
A SWEDISH girt; good cook and houseworker;
$30. Call or tel. MRS. NORTON.* 313 Sutter.
WANTED — Position as cashier or any position
of trust by lady who can Tarnish security
and references; no canvassing. G. L.. box
742. Call office. *^
AMERICAN woman wants work by the day;
Is willing; guarantee satisfaction; carpet
cleaning a specialty; fine laundress; $1 25
day. 174 Fourth et.; one flight, room 10.
GIRL wants a place* where she can I learn
housework. 8 Olive court, off Union st., be-
tween Lacuna and Buchanan.
COMPETENT laundress wishes 1. 2 or 3 Bays'
work; can do laces; perfect satisfaction; $2
a day. 1C71 McAllister st.
HONEST Japanese lady wants situation to do
irsneral housework In family. Address MRS.
N. ITOW. 514 Pine. St.. city. .
WOMAN wants work by the day as laundress
or hovsecleanlng. €15 Van Nees ave.
WAJfTED — A situation; a good cook: wages
$.10; refs; no cards answered. 2C22 Bush st.
SITUATION to do second work. Call at 2207>i
Pine st. • .
WANTED — Situation as a good cook. Call at
2207% Pine St.
AN experienced lady cashier wishes a posi-
tion in large store; can furnish flrst-claes
references. Address box 733. Call.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker and tatlorcfs. fine
fitter and cutter, will go out by the day. Box
732. Call office. : • •
AN ex-publlc school teacher wlabes position as
nursery governess or lady's companion. Box
2C22. Call office. .
2 REFINED American girls want positions as
second girl and nurse to child; same family;
country preferred; references. Box 2C17. Call.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for - The
Call at Eaton'n Ri>z*ar. PAt McAllister st.
EMPLOTMEXT WANTED— BIALe7~~
A" RELIABLE man, experienced plater in gold
silver, nickel, etc., all tools and chemicals"
wishes to do work for manufacturers, stores
and dealers in metal- goods by the day or
piece. Box 4465. Call. : -
A SOBER, • steady man, age 29. desires work
as Janitor or porter: also handy about horses.
Box 4409, Call office.
? A German short, a German tall.
Are pictured In this morning's Cal!,
"Who. with loud drum and big bass viol.
Can music make that's worth one's while. ' '
But men can't live on sound alone;
They must have meat, not gnaw a bone-
Good work's the meat and that say all
la found through Want Ads in The Call.» PORT TOWNSEND--Sail«d Oct 22— Br ship
Crown of England, from ¦ Port : Hadlock, for
Mollendo. '.¦; .-^sBUMBHniBaSIinsHGBS
Late Shipping Intelligence
SAILED. :;..
' . . . - Thursday, October 22.
Stmr Del Norte, Green, Crescent City.
OUTSIDE, BOUNDJ IN, 12 MIDNIGHT.
Schr Bella. •
DOMESTIC PORT.
The 1 Henry J. Crocker cup and the
Henry H. Lynch ciip will be run for to
morrow and Sunday at Ingleside Coursing
Park. The former attracted an entry of
twenty champion : greyhounds, while _the
latter will be run for, by, eighty hounds in
the open event. ..The running will com
mence to-morrow at 12 o'clock. The draw
last night resulted as follows:
Henry J.< Crocker V champion cup ! stake
wedsewood vs. Roy Hughle; Doc Burns vs.
Medley; Reta S vs. Conroy; Royal Friend- vs.
-Cosette; Flora . Belle vs. General Dewet- Hap
hazard vs. . Cloverdale; ; Fontenoy vs. ?-'ala;
Amandon vs. Young Fearlesfl; .Pure Pearl vs.
Lily Wright; Menlo Prince vs. Jerry Wright
Henry H. Lynch: cup stake, eighty entries—
Doreen vs. Frank Dunn: 'Real - Duchess > vs.'
Yankee Boy; Flnoola vs.' Colored Lady; Bonnie
Hughie vs. Linda Vista; Our Myra vs. Beauty
Gold ; Yellowtall vs. Lulu Girl ; Virginia Boy
vs. Pacing Billy; Boots , vs. Lost Girl; Flora
Temple vs. Viking: * Equator vs. White Mys
tery; Don Pedro, vs. Tobasco Bob; Half Moon
vs. Rich -Argosy; Brew's Hill vs. ¦ Imperious;
Advance ' Guard vs. King Death ; Belfast v*.
Queen's Motto; Piker vs. Star Sylvanus; Bob
R' vs. Van Nora; -Ellen Hayes vs. Roulette:
Topsy • Turvey vs. > Homer ; Boy; Roxana^vs.
Pepper Jack; Miss Green vs.- Ploughman; Our
Motto vs. Concord Boy; Black Flush vs. Miss
.Wilson; Tom Hurllck vs. Luxury; Dorothy M
vs. Onward ¦ Maud ; Meddlesome A-s. ¦ Intruder;
Fair Glen vs. Progreso; Lady Menlo vs. Gold
Lily; J E Hvs.Algy McDonald; Master Clalr
vs r Van Alba; . Runaway Girl vs. . Haddlngton ;
Katy Bell.vs/ Cremo; Rockefeller vs. Mountain
Poet; Mike Rice vs. Klttleman; Globe fell vs.
Silver 'Cloud;- Morning Glory vs.- Oral na; Oc
tober Lad vs. McHenry; Little Lucy vs. ¦ Otto;
Commercial %Traveler vs.' Little Plunger; Odd
Eyes vs. Maid of Gowrie. .
Twenty Fleet Coursers Will Compete
I at Ingleside Coursing Park;. .
i Lynch Trophy Entries.
CHAMPION HOUNDS ENTERED
FOR THE H. J. CROCKER CTJP
•Spencer C. and Emma D. Buckbee to Julius
P. and Pauline U. Jaegeling, lot on S line of
Clay ' street, 200 W of Spruce, W 25 by S
127:8^4: $10.
1 Amos W. and »Vlctoriana ' Klmball to F. E.
Beck, lot on -W Hne< of Cherry street, 50:4 N
of Washington, N 56:0H, W 62:10, S 57:5,
E 71:6; ?10. ?
F. E. and. Alice M.. Beck to Lillie Allison,
game; $10. 7 ,
Martha Farrell to Elizabeth ' Enrlght, lot on
NW corner of St. Roses and Cook > streets, N
60 by W 05, block E, Junipero Homestead ;
$10. ,' ¦. ;. .-.¦-.. - ... .
- James M. Cotton to Mary A. Cotton, lot on
SW corner of Dore street, 205 NW of Bryant,
NW 24 by SW 85; also all interest in estate
of William E.. Cotton: gift.
Hlbernla Savings and Loan Society lo Mar
ket Street ¦ and Eureka \ Valley : Improvement
Company, lot on SE • line of Market street.
180:8 NE of Sixteenth. NE 15:10ft -by SE 110;
$1850. . .
Louis Metzger, Henrietta Newman. Rosa
and ' David Kline, Henry and ' L. Morgen-
Balrd Estate (corporation) to San Francisco
and Suburban Home Building" Society. lot on
N W corner of Halght and Clayton streets, N
82:6 by W 106-3: $10. ;¦
John F. and Eva L. Ward to Julius Stein
berger, lot. on W line of Masonic avenue, 225
S of Waller street, 8 25 by W 100; $10.
Julia and J. Vincent de Laveaga to Edward
I.- de Laveaea. undivided one-third of lot on
N line of Fell street, TO W of Franklin. W
67:6 by N 120; $8000.
Wallace A. and • Lillie N. Wise to Sophia
Schwartz, lot on S line of Post street, 137-6
W of Laguna. W 30 by S 137:6; $10.
Martha Farrell to Elizabeth Enright, lot on
S line of Grove street, 103 :« W of Buchanan.
W 25 by S 120; $10.
Sophie and John II. McKay to Josephine and
Fritz Goerl, lot on W line of Flllmore street,
30 N of Lombard, N 60 by W 110; $10.
Frances M. Youne. to William H. Deming,
lot on N line of Broadway, 105 W of Flllmore
street, W 27:0 by N l.T7:6; $10.
Mary- A. and Charles "P. Baughman to Wil
liam P. Carroll, lot on W line of Fillmore
street. 30 S of Oak. 8 25 by W 110; $10.
John W. Quick to Henry A. Meyer,: lot on
NW : corner of Waller and ' Stelner streets, N
50 by W 106:3; $10.
Elisabeth Rick to Georpe F. Sand, lot on
NW corner of Lyon street and Golden Gato
avenue, W 32:6 by N 100; $10.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 22.— The Supreme
Council of Scottish Rite Masons, south
ern, jurisdiction, to-day approved the ac
tion of Grand Commander Richardson in
protesting against the Issuance of a char
ter for the establishment of a symbolic
lodge of Scottish. Rite Masons in Hilo.
Hawaii, by the Grand Orient of Portugal,
on the ground that Hawaii is United
States territory and the Grand Orient of
Portugal has ' no authority to establish
lodges there."
Question of Masonic Jurisdiction.
GARDEN CITY, L., I., Oct. 22.— With
foui> men left in after the qualifying and
first rounds of play ln the Individual
championship contest of the Intercollegi
ate Golf Association, Harvard seems to
have a good" chance of winning double hon
ors again this year. Harvard sent seven
of her strongest players to j battle for
honors In the individual championship,
which began to-day with a qualifying
round of eighteen holes, and all of them
qualified. In the first round of • match
play three of them met with defeat, but
the strongest men, H. C. Egan, W. E.
Egan, W. B; McBirney and "W. C. Chick,
survived. .
H. Chandler Egan, who won the indl
vldual championship last year, again is
well to the fore. After winners play win
ners, Egan will meet McBirney in* the
first semi-final match to-morrow, but this
fact will not weaken Harvard's chances
to any extent.
In the afternoon Miss Rhona Adalr,
champion woman golfer of Great Britain,
with Devereaux Emmett as a partner,
played against Walter J. Travis, the am
ateur champion golfer of America, who
played against the best ball of the Pacific.
Miss Francis C. Griscom of Philadelphia
was to have j been Travis' I partner in a
mixed foursome, but she withdrew at the
last moment and the other match was
speedily arranged.
Travis won the match by one tip. The
card :
W. J. Travis........ ...'...out 42, ln 38—80
Miss Adair and D. Emmett.out 41, In 44—85
Tour of „ Her Strongest Players Still
Remain in Intercollegiate As
sociation Contest. -
HARVAJRD GOLFEBS MAY
CABBY OFF DOUBLE HONORS
thau, Pauline Schoenberg and Simon and Fan
nie Nordlinger to J. Henry and Johanna
Nickel, lot on W line of Potrero avenue, ©8
S of Twenty-first. S 25 by W 100: $10.
Permelia Rutherford to John Rutherford, lot
on E line of Bartlett street, 130 N of Twenty
sixth, N 32:H by E 117 :«: gift.
City and County of San Francisco to Wil
liam E. Broderson, lot on S line of Twenty
stxth street. S5 W of Bartlett, W 30 by S 75; — .
William E. and Llzietta M. Broderson to
Emile Qucnel, same; $10.
Jacob H. E. Elben to Marlon L. Reed, lot
on E line of Church street. 114 S of Twenty
fifth. S 27:6 by E 101:10; also lot on NW cor
ner of Twenty-fourth and Noe streets, W 108
by N 27: consideration of marriage.
Felix and Eva LaurlceJlo to John H. Grieme.
lot on N line of Twenty-sixth street, 200 W of
Sanches. W 20 by N 114; $10.
Katherine A. Rivers to Millie M. Reed, lot
on B line of Diamond street. 26:8 N of Val
ley. N 25 by E 105: $10.
Lulgt and Adele Buero to D. J. Guinasso. lot
0:7 Vi at right angles N and parallel with Stock
ton street, 70, now and before in possession of
second party, 50 vara lot 225, for projection of
wall of nrst and second. parties; $100.-
Rose M. Cosgrove to Patrick F. Casey, lot
on N line of Bernard street, 60 B of Leaven
worth. E 23 ky N 60; $10. ' ...
P. E. and Mary A. Bowles to E. A. Heron
and.M. T. Holcomb. lot on 8 line of O'Farrell
street. 87:6 W of Hyde. W 60 by 8 137:6; $10
. E. A. and EU*r.beth D. Heron and Mjcron T.
and Marion B. Holcomb to H. A. Homleln C-i)
and Isaac, Mary A. and Emaauel Magnin (H).
same; $10. ¦¦
Edwferd or Edward J. Joy td Carl Carlson,
lot 'commencing 3f>0 S of Napa street and 42 E
of Illinois, S 133 b>%E 25; $300.
Jacob Herman Ccmranv (corporation) to
Melville Franklin. lot on W line *l Forty-first
avenue. 125 N of T street, N 25 by WJ20; $10.
Sidney H. and Fanny Brake to J&mes P.
Donahue, lot on E line of South Broderick
street, 276:3 N of Fourteenth, N 2"> by E 115,
lot 4. block C. Park Hill Homestead: $10.
Ellen Ora«am to Jamen H. Graham, lot In
Masonic Cemetery: flO.
Adeibert W. or Adelbert U. and Mamie B.
Mrs. Henrietta N. Hotbs (owner) with C. L.
Parent (contractor), architect T. Patterson
Ross — All work except painting, tiling, mantels,
heaters, shades, art glass, finish hardware ana
gas fixtures for a two-story and attic resi
aence on N line of Clay strtet, 102:3 E of Lo
cust. E ?7:3 br N 127:6; $10.43».
Smith Anderson (owner) with Fred J. Mau
rier (contractor), plans by owner — All work
for a one-story, attic and basement frame
buildlnr on lot on SE corner of Lake street
and Tenth avenue. Outside Lands 8O; $2000.
James Jervis (owner) with John Glllogiey
(contractor), architect XL J. Welsh— All work
except painting, Unerusta, shades, mantels,
gas fixtures, gas, ¦water and sewer connections
for a three-story frame buildme (flats) on tot
on E line of Bryant street, 140 S of Twenty
fifth, S 27:6 by B 100: $48S0.
Mr and Mrs. Perry G. Holstead (owners)
with George K. Hotloway (contractor), archi
tect All work for a one-»tory frame cot
tage on lot on N line of Henry street, 33«:6
W of Castro: ?6680.
Green to Robert L. Duncan, lot on SB line
of Chapultepec street. 400 SW of Coso avenue,
SW 50 by SE 70, lots -333 and 361. Gift Map
3; $10.
S. Ducas Company (corporation) to Arthur
W. and Luella C. Potter, lots 110 and 112, Gift
Map 2; $10.
Margaret M. Van Saak (Colem«n> to J. J.
Raner, estate Catherine Coleman, No. lS.SSti:
$550.
United States Fidelity and Guaranty Com
pany to Cymantha O. Collins, lot 533, Gift
Map 3; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
William S. Devery, who had originally
procured a bondsman for Parks to the
amount of $18,000. has declined to aid him
any longer. In a long statement, issued
to-night, Devery gave his reason, say
ing: ¦ • ': •— - ¦ ¦ .
I had already Drocured bondsmen for Mr.
Parks in the sum of $18,000. This wag. done
merely as a matter of .friendship to . htm and
because I believed he was a persecuted man.
I have not «ee.n Parks since October 7, when
he returned from Kansas City.. Since that
time he has been consorting with Mr. Murphy
and his friends and <hey have been undertak
ing his defence, so I am Informed. I, will not
etand for any man who carries water on both
shoulders and who in not as straight in his
friendship to me as I am to him. Parks has
acted the part of an lngrate to me. v; y.V
NEW YORK, Oct. 22.— Samuel J. Parks,
the convicted walking delegate, slept in
the Tombs to-night, with prospects of
staying there several days. Confident
that John J. Byrne, his bondsmen for
118,000, would supply $5000 additional for
his appearance to answer to a charge of
perjury, he walked . into .the Criminal
Courts building and was at once placed
under arrest. He was a disconsolate fig
ure when # after waiting for hours for
Byrne to "come to him with one of the
many messengers he had sent scurrying
after him, he was taken across the bridge
of sighs and into the Tombs.
"Why do they not take me out at sun
rise and shoot me?" he asked. "I might
as well go to the Tombs,- and I suppose
I will stay there until they are ready to
send me away."
He. did not know that Byrne had been
in the building while he, was there. Byrne
is now practically relieved of obligation
under his bonds, as Parks is in custody.
It was this phase of the situation that
compelled Parks to go to prison,, for he
readily. could have given bonds on the
perjury charge and had $2000 In bills to
offer. When his lawyer arrived Parks
was taken before Judge Foster, where
he pleaded not guilty to the charge of
perjury, with permission to withdraw this
plea or make any motion before next
Thursday. Bail was fixed at $5000. Parks
was informed that his former bonds of
$18,000 must be renewed before he would
be released.
'Special DiBpntch ¦ to The Call.
Notorious Walking Del
egate Fails to Pro
vide Bail.
SAMUEL PARKS
IN THE TOMBS
Compatriot Pugsley, vice-president of
the New York Society of the Sons of the
American Revolution, who is here with
the Bankers' Association, delivered greet
ngs from his ' compatriots in New York
to their brothers of California.
Compatriot "Warren Olney, Mayor of
Oakland, responded to the toast, "Was
the Loss of Her American Colonies a
Blessing or a Detriment to Great Britain?"
Mayor Olney in eloquent terms paid to
the mother country every tribute of re
spect and treated the subject of the toast
impartially. ' He considered that the loss
of her American colonies had been a
beneficial lesson to Great Britain, as was
evidenced in the treatment of Canada and
Australia. He reminded his hearers that
they were "the bone of her bone and flesh
of her flesh," and while criticizing Great
Britain's policy of the past declared that
he and all Americans would stand shoul
der to shoulder with her should It ever
transpire that she was in need of support.
The • declaration was received with
cheer and hurrahs. .
Battle with its clashing saber and goer
record was vividly fought over again last
night at the Merchants' Club when the
valiant deeds .of the men who laid down
tfieir lives in the American Revolution
were recounted by a goodly assembly of
the California Society of the Sons of tha
American 'Revolution. The occasion 'was
the celebration of the one hundred and
twentieth anniversary of the proclama
tion disbanding the Continental army.
It was a peaceful, law-loving set of
men that graced the festive board around
which tales of the deeds of their brave
ancestors made the heart bound with pa
triotic pride.
After a sumptuous menu had been dis
cussed there were speeches from states
men and soldiers, preceded by an Invoca
tion by the Bishop of California, the
Right Rev. W. F. Nichols, D. D.. A wel
come address to compatriots, and guests
was then delivered by Giles H. Gray,
president of the society. The response
to the toast, "The , Disbandment ,of the
Continental Army, 1783," was given into
the hands of Compatriot George C. Par
dee, Governor of California-
Governor Pardee responded in a man
ner that aroused his hearers to the height
of enthusiasm. «He said that he con
sidered the disbandment of the army in
17S3 one of the greatest achievements that
had ever happened, i ' ¦
GO VEBNOB'S VIVID PIOTUJfctE.
The army was reduced to a mere BOO
in number, at a time when the country,
was' torn and dismembered by" bloody
war; trade had gone, commerce had gone
and a debt of $8,000,000 was on the United
States and $30,000,000 on the States them
selves. The Governor drew a vivid pic
ture of the condition of the period. There
was no trade, there were no industries;
indeed, he - said, there was nothing to
which that disbanded army could return,
yet when discharged they were absorbed
into | the body politic and left behind no
sign of the military life that they them
selves had led. The Governor traced from
that time on to the present, when pros
perity • and every blessing abounded for
every man and woman and child *of the
land. He told of the" great institutions
that had arisen, molded and been brought
to a state of perfection by the patriotic
men of the nation.
At the close of his remarks the Gov
ernor was lustily cheered again and
again.
Major General Mac Arthur, U. S. A., who
ably responded to the toast, "The Dis
bandment of Other United States Armies',"
was given a hearty greeting both before
and at the conclusion of his remarks.
OAKLAND'S MA YOB ELOQUENT.
Distinguished MenSpeak Elo
quently of Past and
. Present.
Anniversary of Disband
ing Continental Army
Is Celebrated.
HEAH THE ECHO
OF EARLY WAR
/
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FBIDAY; ? OCTOBER 23, 1903,
15
COOK BOOK OFFER TO
CLOSE OCTOBER 30.
The Call's Cook Book prem-
ium off er will close on October
30, 1803, and all readers of this
paper who desire a copy of this
household ~; treasure should . not
fail to vplacV their order im-
mediately.'
This; splendid premium will
be offered to Call subscribers at
the exceptionally low rate of
: fifty " cents ; per copy.; Out of
town 'orders twenty cents ad-
ditional to cove- prepayment of
transportation charges.
UNITED STATES BBANCH.
STATEMENT
_ OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIBS
OF "THE
Helvetia Swiss
FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY
OF ST. GALL. IN THE REPUBLIC OF
Switzerland, on the 31st day of December.
A. D. 1902. and for the year ending on that
day. as made to the Insurance Commissioner
of the- State of California, pursuant to the
previsions of sections 610 and 611 of the Po-
litical Code, condensed as per blank furnished
by the Commissioner:
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company. ...$626,433 75
Cash In Company's Office 2,151 07
Cash in Banks 2,330 68
Interest due and accrued on all
- • Stocks and Loans 4.750 00
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 5,149 13
Commissions on Return Premiums
and Reinsurance -869 16
• Total Assets $641.6SD 79
. LIABILITIES. ,
L*sses adjusted and unpaid. ....... $2,063 48
Losses in process of Adjustment or
Jn Suspense 1,770 50
Losses resisted. Including expenses.. . 8,623 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run —
nlng one year or less. $62,198 55;
reinsurance 50 per cent 31,009 27
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run- ;
ningr more than - one year. $30,-
¦ 10S 43; reinsurance pro rata..' 15,132 52
Comml5s!ons and Brokerage due and -
. to become due ....' 1,543 76
All other liabilities 2.897 21
Total Liabilities $58,731 74
INCOME. ~~
Net cash actually received for Fire
I premiums ;. $70,229 70
Received for Interest and dividends
¦ on Bonds. Stocks. Loans and from.
from all other sources 20,717 32
Received from all other sources.... 28,009 12
. Total Income .$119,046 14
EXPENDITURES.
Net . amount paid for Fire Losses
(including $27,191 35. losses of prz-
.vlous years) $51,589 45
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage : 31.904 61
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.. --2,750 00
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes 6.IS1 00
All other payments and expenditures 45.S85 97
Total Expenditures .$133,261 03
j Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks .
•'; written during ¦: the t
year. '.. $7,615,265 $98,405 47
Net - amount of Risks • ¦ ¦
. ; expired during the . -
year ....:.:......... 34.816,544 440,667 34
Net amount ln, force \ - .
December 31. ¦ 1902. 7,032.942 92.304 OS
- SAML. R. WEED (or Weed & Kennedy). ".
W9s*»Bj0^ilG(^S£3fJM Manager.
•Subscribed and sworn to before me this 28th
day of January, 1903. F. FISHBECK.
Notary Public.
SYZ & CO., General Agents,
HOB CALIFORNIA STREET. ' ~
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND ATFAIBS
OF THE
Rhine and Moselle
FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY
OF STRASSBURO. GERMANY. ON THE
31st day of December, A, D. 1002. and for
the year ending on that day. as made to tha
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
610 and ell of ths Political Code, condensed
as per blank furnished by the Commissioner:
1 CAPITAL?
Amount of Capita) Stock, paid up
in Cash $ 600.000 00
- ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company $ 287, BOO 0O
Loans on Honda and Mortgages 241.3CO 0O
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
ar.d Bonds owned by Company... 6E9.125 25
Cash In Company's Office 5,84'l 4S
Cash in Banks..., 1*9,182 03
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 11,629 0»
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages... 1.453 SO
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 44.2T3U8
Due from other Companies for Re-
Insurance on losses already paid. 4C.229 63
Total Assets .jl.512.64a 35
LIABILITIES. ~
Losses adjusted and unpaid $ 19,830 77
Losces in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 19.683 87
Losses resisted. Including expenses. 232 50
Grora premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one rear or less. $335,379 82;
reinsurance 30 per cent ¦ — 277, 6S9 81
Gross premiums en Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $56*-
265 28; reinsurance pro rata 29,713 91
Caen dividends remain ins; unpaid.. - 830 00
All other demands against the com-
pany 73. 205 32
Total Liabilities ._$ .421.20C 23
INCOME.
Net cash actually Tecslved for Fire
premiums $ 423,363 53
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 8,620 SO
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks. Loans, and
from all otheV sources 30.279 03
Received for Rents 13.013 IS
Received for profit on sale of Bonds - 4.92O lu
Received from all other sources.... 1S.164 <S
Total Income .$ 489,363 88
EXPENDITURES. . :
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(Including $33.555 82. losses of
previous year $ 200.402 04
Dividends to Stockholders .' 70.00000
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage -.... 79,643 73
Paid for. salaries. Fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc... 44,387 40
Paid for State, National, and Local
taxes 1S.T11T9
All other payments and expendi-
ture* 1.06173
Total Expenditures $ 411.203 63
. .' Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year. . . .$ 186.780 7a
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premium*.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $437,439,353 $589,814 67
Net amount of Risks
- expired during the
¦- year 234.288.828 304.274 01
Net amount In force
December 31. 1302. . 536,522,262 611.633 10
F. SCHALLER. President.
A. POIZAT. Secretary.'
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 4th
day of April. 1903.
JOSBPH I. BRITTAIN. U. S. Consul.
SYZ & CO., General Agents,
¦>",,'< 308 CALIFORNIA STREET. :
REAL ESTATE CITV FOR SALE.
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS RESIDENCE. "
WASHINGTON ST., 27:6x127:8. •
VERY FINE MARINE VIEW.
Very pood two-story house, with finished at-
tic: hu S large rooms and large bathroom.
Fumece s.ud electric lights.
High brick foundation: plastered basement.
Concrete reU.lr.lng wall in front of lot.
street bltuminized and artificial stone slde-
NEIGHBORHOOD FIRST-CLASS,
Price R«"<5u«-d from J7000 to $0500.
THOMAS MAOEE & SONS,
KUAL ESTATE AGENTS,
NO. 5 MONTGOMERY ST.
CHEAP HOME? AND SNAPS.
$240o — Cottiyre. 5 rooms and bath; lot 25x100;
Prwita av<». ; care !»«=• the door: f 500 cash.
*I.1tKi — Cottage. * rooms; lot 25x80; Folsom St.:
hsdf block from oars; street work all done.
$3;tm> $50<> ca*h; 2-f=tory, 7 rooms; modern; lot
2rtxl2T>: fine neighborhood; between Twenty-
fifth and Twenty-sixth sts.. Fair Oaks.
$1100— L*<t 2."'xl2'': Fair Oaks et.. bet. Twenty-
fifth and Twenty-sixth; sunny side; flee
neighborhood; lots ln fame block held at
fCrnw- ?&"« cash, balance long time.
Also-
A number of lot* on Bernal Heights rery
cheap' S" e locations.
J. F. PLUMBE. i402 Valencia st.
FOK »»:<•— Three lots. Mission district. Twen-
ty-*eventh st. and San Jo«e ave. ; SHOO and
. tl-00: this Is a bargain; will sell one or all-
no arer.ts. Address W. H. ROUSSEL, 19
California ft. , • "t'.'W
. $7*x» EACH— 2 lots. Mission st. f 230— Ne,w cot-
xa.f. 5r.b. ; Precita ave.; bal. terms. f500
• New flats, 4-5 r. b. ; bal. easy terms; 2»th and
Mission. $100 — Cottace, 4 r. b.; 135 Nevada
Eve; bal terms. P. Coffin & Co.. 3303 Mission.
MODERN cottage; 4 rooms: I1S50: terms same
as paying rent. Apply owner, lumber yard,
SE. cor. Alabama and ¦ Montcalm sts.- -
$16,250. REDUCED from $17,000: cottage and
6 flat*; fine location; lot" 75x122:6; rent
SI&2; good investment. 1016 Shotwell st.
BUILD on your unimproved realty: we loan
full cost irrprcv. and part lot at 6 per cent.
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker building.
FTNE income flats en Fulton, near City Hall;
reasonable. Inquire 142 Fulton ft., owner.
' FOR pale — Fine 2-story residence. 5 large
rooms, equal to 6. S61S 22d st.. nr. Castro.
KCAX ESTATE Country — For Sale.
$5000^ — 10 acres rich soil, warm belt adjoining
Ean Jose; ln prunes, apricots, and peachcti,
all bearing; near electric cars; windmill,
tank, drylag plant, fruithouse. trays, hard
finished house, bam, poultry, etc; exchange
i V house and lot or sell half each.
PETERSEN REALTY CO..
Tel. Mint 7^6. 1035 Market St.
ATTENTION! Choice homes ln sunny Santa
. Clara Valley; orchards in bearing. 10 to 500 i
" . seres; tome can be exchanged for city busl-
nesB or realty; we have real bargains and
will phow them to you; please call.
PETERSEN REALTY CO.. 1035 Market et.
• |10 A MONTH buys a ten-acre farm twelve
milec from Sacramento; write for booklet;
it> free. WRIGHT A KIMBROUGH. 603
J et.. Facraroento. California.
2F you want a etock ranch, dairy or oolonlza-
• tion tract, write CHAS. W. COE & CO.. 45
TV>« Par.ta. et.. San Jose. Cal.
ALFALFA lands. *tock ranches, orchards,
vineyards; inspected bargains ; monthly cata-
lotrue? gent free. C. M WOOSTER CO 64S
Market *t.
FOP. poultry and da!ry ranches yielding a good
profit HAMILTON & KENDRICK.Petaluma.
JPOIVT IUCIi5F<^"DJltEAL~ TESTATE.
WATER front lots and bargains: all tracts;
maps photos, etc. BELL. 417 Parrott bldg.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAX ESTATE.
J. J. MASON. "
Real Estate and Insurance Agent.
Choice Property a Specialty.
EE. cor. Ehattuck ave. and Center «t.
Berkeley. Cal.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BBOADWAY.
JOAKLAXD REAL ESTATE.
AT AUCTION^ " '.
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION. .,
TO-MORROW. SATURDAT 1:30 P M. i
TO-MOliROW. SATURDAY. 1:30 P M. '
TO-MORROW. SATURDAY 1:30 P M.
TO-MORROW"! SATUP.DAY 1:30 P* M. '
TO-MORROW. SATURDAY 1:30 P* M
ON THE PREMISES.'
ON THE PREMISES
ON THE PREMISES.
THE REICHLING HOUSES,
Korthfc-est corner Linden and Eighth rts.. Oak-
land's prettiest residence section.
S Beautiful Homes
« Lanre Single Subdivisions,
TTith 9. 10. 11 and 12 rooms and bath; origl-
Cal cot-t $50"»0 to Jll.SOO each to construct
LARGE SUNNY LOTS.
Large sunny lots v.ith 49 ft.. 50 ft., 69 ft.
and 70 ft. frontage by a depth of 100 to l«r
ft. <Note sire- and depth/)
Beautifully terraced, above grade of street,
with the most artistic Ftone coping uniformly
arranged arour.d the. entire frontage, with
palms and full-srown shrubberies throughout
. i»' !. garden. For years this half block of resi-
dence homes has been tk pride of the- city and
!• the personal care of the owner, as one of the
finest kept properties ln Oakland or San Fran-
cisco.
RENTALS AS AN INVESTMENT.
As an Investment property has retained
steady tenants. Some of them have occupied
earns almost Fince their construction.
"Present rentals are (.SO (15 and (C5 each.
A HOME LOCATION
Fronting on the only bituminized residence '
street in Oakland; o^poyite and adjoining fine '¦
block of modern residencies, ¦worth from $S500 to
$25,000; In the same block are the Havens' and
Geor?e \V. McN'sar't t*eautlful homes; 3 blocks
•of Market or Adeline station; short walk to;
Broadway business center: walking distance to ;
liich school and ftu<_st primary. Grammar and
private schools !n the city, %-ithout necessitat- !
ing children to cross street car lines.
¦ One of the choicest, clcze in. convenient,
Strlrtly home neighborhood? in Oakland. 1 -*-'
AN OPPORTUNITY SELDOM OFFERED.
THE PROPSaTT MUST HE SOLD.
SEVERAL IHTE8ESTS MUFT HE CLOSED.
O1VNKRK ANXIOUS TO SELL.
MINOR' 8 INTEREST. § S
SUBJECT TO CONFIRMATION OF COURT.
NOTE THE TERMS.
One-third cash, balance «">n ln one
an-3 two year.'.
To pee r-rcmiFps. get termit at office.
Sale Faturday, October 2i. 1903,
1 :30 p. m., on the irround*.
Write or call for catalogue nhowins pfcoto-
¦rraph of prcmire* and «lvin*r full particulars.
L.AYMANCE REAL ESTATE COMPANY,
Auctioneers,
460 and 462 Eighth st., Oakland, Cal.
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
TTEi'T st. 840; seven apartments; income $79
¦ per month; modern improvements; windmill
and tank; $7000. Inquire 907 Grove st..
OakTand.
Modem house. 8 rms.; stable; Mason & Hamlln
crrsn. Before 12 m.. 422 Orange st.. Oakland.
OAKLAKD FCR?fITURE^FOR_ SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains in furni-
ture. H. Bchellhaan. 11th 8t..cor.etore.Oaklnd.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
ANTLERS. 415 Turk et. — Strictly modern. 4-3
room apartments; fur, or unfur. for hskpg.
MCALLISTER, 331 — Unfurnished parlor floor, i
rooms, bath, «as; $2S: adulte; call before 4.
MCALLISTER. 538~Nlcely furnished, sunny
suite; sink, gas range, hot bath, laundry;
adults; $10.
MCALLISTER. WSl— Rooms furnished light
houfieke«-ping; sunny; gas,' bath; close to
panhandle.
MISSION. M5 — Furnished rooms for house-
It eepine.
MODEL .HOUSE. 1206 Stockton «t.— Newly
funiishftd rooms, $5-$12; bath, gas, phoo*e.
TWENTY- SECOND. 3211?. cor. Mission— House-
keeping 7-ooms and single rooms.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received «t Call branch office. 2200 Flllmor*.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
rub«crlptlcns has been established at 1086
Valencia tt.
go««*jtpgjrtoom t> --.Apsirtm't Hooiti.
THE Frederick, 1*01 Vtan'ya?. opd. Park— FurnT
apartments; trl. hath: steam heater; Janitor.
Elgg^ijro^TClp-nrn. and Vnt^Tn.
A^5 I ; UN i SWI<!:K Houb^ "» Sixth - Room*
TiVvt f, 1 **J nlgrht - *' 2* t0 *5 P« r we « k «*
light houg<ik«fplng rooms; open all night.
11 *. A1 ™ ODt « #> 873 Market st. lor No. 1
¦ fi ™ fJM^ Roon 5f' 2Sc « «te.. $L $1 60 nlght;
tl 50 to tlO week; honsg open all night.
B^^?'5 TT> 1<26 M* 1 *** (Hid No. 1354)— Fur-
dghed rooms, suite, tf ntf , . also tinfnrnUhed.
0 ??' 2 °* E111 »- «*." Mason-Elegantly
furoiehed sunn/ rooms; prices reasonable.
53£2l!L!E5Li! JST — Ftirn * ttnd untum.
FOLSOM. 834 — Email sunny front room~wlth
• closet and bath; |1 25 per week.
GRAND . Southern. 7th and Mission — Roomi 6Oo
lo tl CO night; $1 to }H week: readlnr-room.
JESSIE. SG3. east V. 8. Mint — Furnished t«oma,
$5 and 16 per month. ?
LAGUNA and McAllister. St. James flat— Sun-
ny single room. ¦ ¦ -v.
ROYAL House, 130 Kills' — Incandescent lights,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor: rooms per nlcht. SSo to $1 SO: waek. $2
vo 5S; month. 18 to $30: elevator on ground
floor: rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
THE GILLESPIE. 118 Ninth — Furnished rms.,
$1 50 to 1 2 50 week; transient 60c-76c night.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy st.. near Market—
400 single and family rooms; 35c to $1 night;
$1 73 to $<i week: elevator: electric lights;
read Iny- room; free bua and baggage.
VALENCIA. 1126 — New, minny furnished rooms
with light housekeeping privileges.
¦ VAN NESS, 519 — Handsome sunny furnished
suites and tingle rooms, all conveniences.
' WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 3d St.. near Market —
Meet convenient and respectable: 700 rooms;
85o to tl 50 night; $3 to (8 week; elevator:
•lee. lights; readlnr-room; free bus; baggage.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
j received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmora.
I A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
¦ subscriptions has been established at 1098
» Valencia st.
1 ROOMS AND BOARD.
• raE^^Hc^eT^M^tln^ter^con^^i^Ness^iind
' Geary <*.. has changed hands and will be
L conducted hereafter as a first-class family
; hotel.
» I STEVENSON Mansion. 807 California st. — At-
, 1 tractive and sightly rooms; best table and
service; lowest rates. ¦ • -
i ! VAN NESS ave., 1714— Private boarding-house,
l homelike; everything first sunny
suites; Mnrle rooms; choice locality; ref. !
! PINE. 2040 — Very desirable sunny room with
board; private family; phone Baker 3571.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
; j Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
T'nited States or Canad*. nne year for tl.
ROOMS WANTED.
: j WANTED — By a commercial traveler, room In
prlvtte family; at home about 5 days ln the
month. Address box 744, Call office.
I *^ —^
( SCIENTIFIC OPTICIANS.
I DURING the G. A. R. encampment Dr. Cllse.
1023 Market St.. bet. 6th-7th. fitted glasses to
Gen. Mlleg; you want the best as well as he.
STABLES TO LET.
i BARN to let with 16 stalls and wagon room.
7* Pore st.. bet. 8th and 10th. oft Folsom.
STUTTERING AND STAMMERING.
MELBOURNE School, Van Ness -Market— Cur«
in every case; Individual teaching; no medi-
cine. Inquire Into wonderful cures ;home cure. :
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
IN the Superior Court of the City and County
cf San Francisco, State of California — Pro-
bate. No. 2931H). (Indorsed) Filed Oct. 13,
1903. Albert B. Mahony. Clerk, by E. S.
Hawley. Deputy Clerk. In the matter of
the estate of PATRICK DUGAN. deceased.
Notice for publication of time appointed for
probate of will. C. C. P.. Sec. 1303. Notice
Ik hereby given that TUESDAY, the 27th day
of October. A. D. 1903. at 10 o'clock a. m. of
that day, and the courtroom of Department
No. 9 of said court, at the City Hall, in the
city and county of San Francisco, State of
California, have been appointed as the time
and place for proving the will of said PAT-
JUCK DUGAN. • deceased, and for hearing
the application of NELLIE A. LASSELL
for the issuance to her of letters of adminis-
tration with the will annexed thereon. [Seal.j
ALBERT B. MAHONY. Clerk. By E. S.
HAWLEY. Deputy Clerk. Dated October 13,
A. D. 1903. A. D. KEYES. Attorney for
Petitioner. : - " ;
Notice to Creditors. — Estate of ALICE
SKAE, Deceased.
Notice ie hereby Civen by the undersigned,
the executor of the will of ALICE SKAE, de-
ceased, to the 1 creditors of, and all persons hav-
ing claims against, the said deceased, to ex-
hibit them, with the necessary vouchers, with-
in ten <1C) months after the first publication of
this notice, to the said executor, at its place
or business. No. 4^4 California street. In the
city and county of San Francisco, State of Cal-
ifornia.
MERCANTILE TRUST COMPANY OF SAN
ISeal.] FRANCISCO, by FREDERICK W.
ZEILE, President. Executor of the Will of
ALICE SKAE. Deceased.
Dated at fan Francisco. October 22d. 1903.
' PROtO^ALS.
PROPOSALS for Subsistence Supplies — Office
i - purchasing Commissary. San Francisco. CaL.
October 13. 190^-Sealed proposals for fur-
I Eisuing and delivering of such quantities of
subsistence eupplles. delivered at such wharf
or w harves or such warehouses ln San Fran-
cisco Cal.. as per circular to be seen at this
office will be received here until 11 o'clock
a. m.'. Saturday, October 24, 1903. and opened I
immediately thereafter, in presence of bid-
ders. Specifications, general Instructions to
bidders, and blank forms of proposals will be
furnished to established dealers on applica-
tlnn to C. R KRAUTHOrF.Major Com'y.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday :
' ; Joseph G. Reldy,. 23, 123 Eddy street, and
' Ar.nle Jeffenes, 27, <25*4 Larkin fitreet.
; Fwd W. Connaley, 23. Les Angeles, and
: Sarah E. Edwards. 21. Los Angeles.
j . Albert E. Block. 26. 8-'l East Park street,
I and Nora Baker. 27, 9.11 Kearny street.
' Adolf Warwarovsky, 45. 1143 Harrison street,
! and Maria Novak, 27, 2!X)0 Twenty-fourth »t.
Thomas Deeley, 40, city, and Bridget Ford,
i 30. city.
Frederick Angelbeck. 22, 541 First avenue,
I and Nellie J. Reardon. 23. 540 Sixth street.
Stanley A. Norton. 2i». Sacramento, and j
i Kay bell J. Jjirabbee, 23. Stockton.
Ciro D!.nefzno. 2*. 1ft Natoma street, and
I Caterina Cangilla. 20, city.
Felice Dito. 21, 1213 Kearny street, and
Ronaria Rusiriero, 15, 1308 Kearny street.
; William T. Sfbelle. 21, 10 Leroy place, and
1 j Constance Cooper, '22. 1849 Market street.
Timothy W. Buckley. 25. 875 Folsom street.
j and Catherine P. Rlggle. 19. 423 Washington.
j BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage ar.u death notices *ent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorm-d with the name and residence of pcr-
eoos authorized to have the same pabllshed.
BORN.
GILBART— In this city. October 21. 1003, to
the wife of Alfred J. Gilbart, a daughter.
SCHARLIN— In this city, October 21, 1903, to
the wife of Jack Scharlin. a son.
HARRIED.
BAKER— DOUT>— In this city, October 20.
i 19<«, by the Rev. Mazettl. Lieutenant Frank
Cole Bp.Ver and Nettie Tucson Doud, both
of Monterey. Monterey County, Cal.
KAUS -BERTHELSEN— In this city, October
17, 1M0.1. by the Rev. O. Groensberg, John J.
Kaun and Ellen E. Berthelsen.
LAML.RECHT— STANGE-^In this city. Octo-
ber 21. 1903. by the Rev. O. Groenaberg.
Carl C. Lambrecht and Olza. Stance.
MADSEN— KUCK— In this city. October 21,
1303. by the Rev. O. Groensberg. Peder
Madsen and Cathrlne Kuck.
PLUTTE— BUBEER— In this city, October 21.
1803, by ths Rev. G. A. Bernthal, August
Plutte of Valona and Trihna Bubeer of San
Francisco.
DIED.
Balzer. Dorothy " McCue," Frank
Barclay, Peter T. McDonald, Emma
Bradshaw, Naomi Moore, James
Buckley. Florence G. Nugent. Rev. Dennis
Cashman. Mary Rooney, Mrs. H
Cohen. Simon Schweitzer. Julia
DoBch. Perry D. Sweeney. George F.
Egan, Lena B. Tobin. John
French. Eva M. Walker. Mary S
Gardner, Ada E. Wheeler. Clara T.
Haas, John • -Williams, Thos. A.
Hurley, Michael Winton. Crayton
Koster, John H. __
BALZER — In this city, October 22. 1903, Doro-
thy, infant daughter of William and' Leila
Balzer, a native of Ben Francisco, aged 25
days. .'.-:< v
BARCLAY— In this city, October 21, 1903.
Peter Thomaa* Barclay, father of Mabel E.
Barclay, and «rother of Katie, Charles, and
Forbes Barclay and Mrs. Hattle Pratt, aJ na-
tive of Fort Vancouver, aged 56 years 6
months and 14 days.
C7FUneral services will be held to-day, at
HENRY J. CALLACHER CO.
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
. 20 Fifth »t., . opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South SO. '
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
— Funeral Directors and Embalmers.— — —
Formerly ln Metropolitan Temple.
Now at 866 MISSION. Tel. South 167.
Between Fourth and Fifth, near Fifth st.
Finest Equipment* at Moderate Rates.
James McGinn.' Henry " Hansen.
JAMES McGINN & CO.,
Formerly With McGinn Bros., ,
Funeral Directors and Embalmen.— —
214 Eddy st.: Tel. South 676. j--
TWO MORE INTERESTING FEATURES FOR CALL READERS.
ShopTalk and Science Chat
TOR THE MECHANIC BUSINESS AND PROFESSIONAL MAN.
(Monday 9 and Fridays of Each Wtek).
First article of this series will appear Monday, October 26th.
iooo or i^k> words twice a week. The principal contributor will
be MALCOLM McDOWELL, long political editor of The Chicago
Record, author of "Shop Talk on the Wonders of the Crafts."
Mr. McDowell has a rare gift for making "shop talk" on mechan-
ical marvels simple, instructive and entertaining to the average read-
er. In this series he will explain the mysteries of common things —
the uncommon in the common, and will make plain the intricacies of
current scientific inventions and discoveries.
There will be contributions from time to time also by men emi-
nent in science and manufacturing, business, etc.
The following are some of the topics to be treated:
On the Wire Between New^York and Chicago. — How the extra-
ordinary feat of sending four separate messages east and four separate
messages west simultaneously over a single wire is accomplished.
. Marvels of Compressed Ai.v
Growing Raw Paper in the Corn Belt.
What "High Pressure Gas"" Accomplishes.
The Story of a Baggage Check.
Doctoring Sick Iron. ,
The Life of a Railroad Ticket.
Making Dollar Watches.
Ancestors of Modern Tools.
How Poisons Are Made.
Globe Trotting Mechanics.
The Making of Gas Light Mantles.
Reconstruction of "Cast-Offs."
Surprising Facts About Petroleum.
Centennial of the Automobile.
Adventurous or Amusing Experiences
of Well-Known People.
(Erwy Sunday).
About two columns each.
Fiction "isn't in it" with these stories. They are all narratives of
actual experiences which exemplify the proverb that "truth is stran-
ger than fiction." Among the writers are the following:
COL. F. T. CUMMINS, Indian fighter, army officer, director gen-
eral of Cummins' Indian Congress and honorary chief of the Sioux
Nation. . * : -r."
WILLIAM CHURCHILI DE MILLE, dramatist, author of
"The Forest Ring," etc., and professor of dramatic literature.
MARSHALL P. WILDER. ;
GENERAL MARTIN T. McMAHON.
SENATOR CHAUNCEY M. DEPEW.
JUDGE/NEWBURGER of New York.
WILLIAM FAVERSHAM, actor.
• / GEORGE GOULD.
JAMES K. HACKETT.
• SENATOR THOMAS C. PLATT.
There will.be many additional contributors. Every installment
will give the combination of a well-known name and an exceptionally
striking story, making a very attractive Sunday feature.
Be sure to. subscribe for The Call and follow this splendid series
of intensely interesting articles by the leading authorities of the
present day. *
. 2 o'clock, at Masonic Temple, '. corner Post
and Montgomery - streets, under, the auspices
1 .of California Lodge No. 1, F. and A. M. 1
. BRADSHAW— In East Oakland, October 21.
s 1003, Naomi, dearly beloved daughter of
Elizabeth Bradshaw, and sister of Thomas
¦ ¦ and * Benjamin Bradshaw, Mrs. W. D.
> Hughes, Mrs. L. Calvert and the late Ruth
Bradshaw and John Bradshaw, a native of
Pennsylvania, aged 24 years S months and
17 days. . ; ;
£7Frlends and acquaintances are re*pect-
. fully Invited to attend the funeral' services
'. Baturday, October 24, 1903, at 2:30 o'clock,
I at her late home, 167 Newton avenue, East
[ Oakland. ¦ >
BUCKLEY — In this city, October 21, ? 1003,
Florence G., second daughter of Mrs. M. L.
and the late Edward P. Buckley, born in
Ban Francisco. v
; 'ICT Funeral services at the family resi-
dence, 5S0 Lombard street, to-day (Friday),
j at 11 o'clock. ¦ " , '
CASHMAN — In this city, * October 22,-1903^
Mary, beloved wife of : the < late Maurice
' Ca.-hman, and sister of Thomas Mullln, a
native of the parish of Ituilscarra, County
[ Cork, Ireland, aged 65 years.
C7" Remains at the parldVa of Carew &
. . English, 29 Van Ness avenue. Notice ol
funeral hereafter. .
; COHEN — In this city, October 21, 1903, Simon,
; beloved husband of Esther Cohen, and father
of Harry Cohen of New York and Henry,
' Ike, Joe. Herman and Carrie Cohen, . a na-
tive of Poland, aged 53 years, j
CSTiicads and v acqualntances are respect-
1 fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
I (Friday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 123 Russ street, between Howard and
I Folsom, and thence by carriages to New
Salem Cemetery for Interment. Please omit
flowers.
j DOSCH— In this city. October 22, 1903, Perry
, Dayton Dosch, beloved son of Clara J. and
William H. Dosch, and, brother of Clarence
E. and the late Leon C. Dossh. a native of
Wisconsin, aged 21 years 3 months and 4
days. (Los Angeles papers please copy.)
tCFrleiids and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the chapel
of Charles H. J. Truman & Co.. 1909 Mis-
sion street, between Fifteenth and Sixteenth.
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery, by car-
riage.
EGAN— In this l clty, October 21. 1903, Lena
Bernlce, dearly beloved daughter of James
and Catherine Evan, and loving sister of
James, Annie, Alice, Agnes and Walter Egan
and Mrs. E. Daly and the late Lillie Egan
1 and Mrs. Mamie Cleary, a native of San
Francisco, axed 20 years and 8 months. A
member of Fremont Parlor No. 09, N. D.
i G. W.
ICTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9:15 o'clock, from her late
I reeldence, 204 St. Rose street, off Geary, be-
tween Collins and Ferrie. thence to Holy
Cross Church, where a .requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul
i at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy. Cross Ceme-
tery.
! OFFICERS and members of Fremont Parlor
No. 59, N. D. G. W. t are hereby notified to
assemble at the residence Saturday morning,
at 8:30 o'clock, to attend the funeral of our
late sister, • Lena B. Egan. By order of
LILLIAN T. BAKER, President.
— GEORGIANA LUCE. Rec. Secretary.
' FRENCH— In Colfax. October 20, 1903. Eva
] M., beloved wife of Will J. French, daugh- j
ter of Thomas W. and Lina Dean of Court- i
land, Cal.. and sister of Mrs. N. E. Bishop
, and W. H.. M. R. and Nelson E. Dean, a
native of Sacramento County, aged 31 years
and 26 days.
E7.FrIej-.ds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Saturday,
October 24. 1903, at 10:45 o'clock, from the
ferry, thence to Cypress Lawn Cemetery by
electric car, where services will be held at
the chapel.
GARDNER— In this city, October 22. 1903.
Ada Emily, Gardner, dearly beloved wife' of
Dr. Robert C. Gardner, mother of Roy Gard-
ner, daughter of August Quitrow. and sister
of Charles and Vlnoent Qultiow and -the late
Birdie Goldsmith, a native of New York,
aged 29 years 3 months and 4 days. -
HAAS — In this city, October 20, 1903, John,
beloved husband of Jennie Haas, father of
the late John G. and Margaret Haas, and
son of Margaret and the late Henry Haas,
a native of Dubuque, Iowa, aged 43 years 2
months and 2 days. (Dubuque papers please
copy.)
E7"FrIends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral sen-ices
to-day (Friday), at 1 o'clock, at his late
: residence. 541U Second street, under the aus-
pices of Co.urt Acme No. 51, F. of A. Inter-
ment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
HURLEY— In this city, October 22, 1903,
Michael, beloved husband of Mary Hurley,
and father of Michael G. Hurley, a native of
the parish of Castlehaven, County Cork, Ire-
i land, aged SO years.
; GTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
; (Saturday), at 9:15 o'clock. • from the parlors
' of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 707 Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul at 9:30 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cem tery.
KOSTER— In Oakland. October 20, 1903, John
II., beloved husband of Emma Kaeter. and
brother of Mrs. Geslne von Salzen of Dixon,
a native of Hanover, Germany, aged 40 years
5 months and 3 days. A member of Califor-
nia Lodge Xo. 2, O. d. H. S.. and Royal
Arch. • • .1 . - :
IC7 Friends and acquaintances' are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Friday), at 2 o'clock at his late
residence, 215 Thirteenth street. Oakland.
Inttrn-.ent Mountain View Cemetery.
McCCE — Ln Black Diamond. October 21. 19OJ.
; Frank McCue, beloved son of Ann and thn
. ! late Cornelius McCue, a native of Black
i | Diamond, aged 21 years and 9 months.
: i McDONALD— In this city, October 22, .1903,
Emma McDonald, beloved wife of Charlea
McDonald, daughter of Timothy and Cath-
erine, sister of Dollle, John.' Clinton P.,
William J. and Edward Dugan,' and mother
of Eva Ellen McDonald, a native of San
Francisco, aged 23 years.
(C7"Frie.nd8 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Saturday,
October 24, 1903, at S:30 o'clock, from the
parlors of James McManus, Seventh and
Castro streets, Oakland, thence to St. Fran-
cis do Sales Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repofce of her
eoul at 9 o'clock. Interment St. Mary' a
Cemetery, Oakland.
MOORE— In this city, October 20, 1903, James,
dearly beloved husband of Ellen Moore, and
beloved father of Mrs. Nellie Bennett, Mrs.
Annie Kraeft, Mrs. Maggie McEvoy, Mrs.
Katie Murray and the late Henry Moore,
and grandfather of T. J. Stone, a native of
Douglas, Isle of Man.
IE?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully notified that the funeral takes place on
Friday, October 23, at 1:30 o'clock, from his
late residence. 313 Green street. Interment-
Laurel Hill Cemetery. ~;",7'
NUGENT— In this city, October 22. 1903, Rev.
Dennis Nugent, rector of St. Rose's Church,
brother of Rev. John Nutent of St. Bren-
dan's Church, Miss Maggie Nugent and Mrs.
Katie Moynihan, a native of County Ar-»
math, Ireland, aged 63 years.
(CyThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Saturday), from St. Rose's Church, where
a solemn requiem high mass will bo cele-
brated for the repose of his soul at 10
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
ROONEY — October 21, 1003, Mrs. Hannah, be-
loved wife of the late Thomas Rooney of
Watsonville.
• - EyThe funeral will take place at Watson-
%-llle Friday. October 23, upon the arrival of
train leaving this city at 9 o'clock. Inter-
. ment at Watsonville. Cal.
SCHWEITZER— In this city. October 22, 1003.
at her residence, 1374 Hayes street, Julia,
beloved wife of the late Nayer Schweitzer,
and mother of Mrs. Phil Hirsch of Sacra-
mento, Mrs. Harry P. Franklin and Simon
Schweltser, a ijiatlve of Germany, aged 5»
years S months and 12 days.
SWEENEY— In thla city, October 20, 1903,
George P.; beloved husband of Josephine
Sweeney, father of Hazel and Myrtle Swee-
ney, and brother of John J. Sweeney, Mrs;
A. Taylor and Mrs. G. F. Damon, a native
¦ of San Francisco. - : .
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 8:30 "o'clock, from the parlors
of the United Undertakers, '8CC Mission
etreet, between Fourth and Fifth, thence to
St. Joseph's Church, where a requiem high
mats will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
¦ Cemetery.
TOBIN — In this city, October 21, 1903, John,
beloved husband of the late Margaret Tobin,'
and uncle. of Mrs. P. Barron and John Coo-
ney, a native of Ahenure Callen, County
Kilkenny, Ireland.
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 9:15 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where a re-
quiem hlzn mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul at fl:30 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemtery.
MEMBERS of Western Addition Camr> No.
8(W. W. O. W., are requested to attend the
funeral of our late neighbor, John Tobin.
C L. E. MARSH, Con. Com.
V. F. DE ROCO. Clerk.
WALKER — In" this . city. October. 20, 1803,
Mary S. Walker, beloved daughter of Luinda
and the late E. S. Walker, 'and sister of
Kelsey and Esley Walker, a native of So-
noma County, Cal., aged 20 years 10 months
and 13 days. - . ,
WHEELER— In CuDertino, October 22, 1903,
Jggfc Dr,R.L.Walsli
jF||rY. Uireitoii din'a! prw'.ice
- «f »t Wifcnntr «a««i
w* '¦ * . 847 Geary St
ririrty tppasiU Buttogi Hall V"
Reduced Rates for Thirty Days
. Painless Extraction . . .* . .,25c
rifllnjs. .. ... . . :.;. . . . 50c
Crowns ....... . $2.00 to $5.00
Mate Work ... $5.00 to $25.00
fcOOE I OB TBK AD BACH OTHEB DAT. ¦''',
Clara T.. beloved wlfs of Edward* A,
Wheeler. . :
(tyFunerar Saturday, October 24, at 10:30
o'clock, from her late residence, Roselawn,
¦ Cupertino. . . yv ; > .
WILLIAMS— In this i city, October 21, 1903,
Thomas A., beloved , husband of Margaret
. Williams, and ¦ father of ' Wllford H. Wil-
liams, a native of England, aged 50 years.
|E7" Friends and acquaintances' and '¦-. mem-
bers of Burnaby Lodge -No: 194, Sons of St.
George, and Court Diana No. ' 1133, I. O. of
F., are respectfully Invited to attend ths
funeral to-day (Ftlday), at 2 'o'clock,
from the parlors of Halnted & Co.. 940 Mis*
elon street. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
- tery.
WINTON— In' Haywards, October. 21. 1803.
. Craytor. Wlnton, beloved father of Frank. C.
Wlnton, Dr. H. N. Wlnton, Fanny, B. Wln-
ton and Mrs. L. M. • Turner and the late
Mrs. C. S. Long, a native of New' York, aged
.¦82 years 4 months and 7. days, .-;•.,
ltT'FTiends end acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Friday. October 23, 1003,' at >11 o'clock, at
, his" late residence. . Interment Lone' Tree
v Cemetery. ¦ ¦ ••-," ' ¦ •-'."-' -. .A citation will _' be. sent I to Gray Bros,
to appear and explain why their promise
not to 'blast has not-been kept and why
the ordinance is being/violated. The com
mittee, stated" that it would take
to see "that : the . ordinance : ; ; is i enforced.
Severalwitnesses testified that there was
blasting on' the hill on^ September 28 and
October S. ffiMMtM&JjgMtgfiE
•The Supervisors' Street Committee yes
terday decided, after hearing, testimony,
that blasting is being, illegally , done by
Gray Bros.' on Telegraph Hill and ordered
that the attention of the Board of Works,
Chief \ of Police " and the', Police Commis
sion be : called , to th© . violation of an . ex
isting ordinance prohibiting blasting op
erations within certain limits.
Violation of Ordinance by Gray Bros.
Will Be Stopped^
BLASTING ON TELEGRAPH HILL.
Leon Carrau of the jewelry firm of
Carrau & Green, 220 Butter street, secured
a warrant from Police Judge Conlan yes
terday for the arrest of G. H. Schu
macher of the bankrupt firm of Schu
macher & Co., jewelers, on a charge of
felony embezzlement. Carrau alleges
that on August 21 Schumacher got from
liis firm a pair of diamond earrings
valued at $144 on the understanding that
he would pay cash for them or • return
them. It is said he has failed to do
either.
Carrau, on Tuesday, called at the Dis
trict Attorney's office with the Intention
of swearing to a complaint, against
Schumacher for giving him a worthless
check. He said that Schumacher x had
purchased from the firm jewelry of. the
value of $480 and had given a check on
the Central; Trust Company, . and that it
was returned marked "no funds." Schu
macher was sent for, and after a scene
between him and Carrau he said he would
make the check good by '• Wednesday
afternoon at 2 o'clock. Ho had- failed to
do so. ' • . : ¦:¦
WABRANT SECURED FOR vv ;. V
SCHUMACHER'S ARREST
Pupils Enrolled in Public Schools.
The Board of Education yesterday is
sued a statement showing that 46,800 pu
pils were enrolled during the past three
months in the public schools, subdivided
as follows: :
Primary schools, 20,385: grammar
schools, 19,012; high schools, 1950; commer
cial school, 426; evening schools, 5027.
Killed by a Fall.
Perry Dosch, 21 years, of age, aied in
the Lane Hospital of a fractured skull
yesterday morning. He was found un
conscious last Monday night on the side
walk in front of the Mineral Saloon, 213
Mason street, bleeding from a ' wound \ in
the back of the head. It was explained
to the hospital people, that he had fallen
and struck his head against the stotio
curb.' The police are working on the case:
Hen's Dress Suits.
$15 and : $16 suits for. $11 50 at Herman
Lesser's, 915 Market St.. opp. Mason. •"
Accuses Partner of Cheating.
M. F. Corriea, who is but 20" years of
age, ¦ says - he } is being cheated > by J.
Smlth.1 his partner , in business. > In a suit
for: an accounting filed by. Corriea yes
terday: he 'alleges that -Smith .took from
their store at 429 Front street their en
tire stock In trade, transferred- it to 301
Washington street, : and :.has been • collect
ing money due-the firm and converting it
to his own use. • .
Avoid; that < tired 5 feeUng .by. using gas
for cooking and buy your range from" San
Francisco Gas and •Electric Company : 41?
Post street..- ,, . •¦¦•¦-•¦• -,
The Board of Works was requested to
abate the nuisance caused by a defective
sewer in Hodges alley.
The board ordered the premises at 6
to 12V& Spofford alley vacated and put In
sanitary condition.. -
The two-story, structure in the rear of
807 Jackson street ,was condemned and
ordered to.be summarily destroyed. ~
F. Getzei, cook at the Almshouse,' re
signed his position. ' :
The owners of premises at 14 to 40 Spof
ford alley were given ..thirty days In.
which' to make .them sanitary. ".'•-"K
The Health Board yesterday, created
the position of market inspector and ap
pointed W. H. Lamb to the place at a
salary of $100 per month. Secretary Em
ery said the Civil Service Commission
had refused to submit more than. one eli
gible for the position, but that Lamb was
first on the list. The' board, however,
only appointed Lamb temporarily, as it
insists on having- more than one name
certified. -.. . ;. . ¦
Health Board Appoints W. H. Lamb
Market Inspector. »]
CREATES ONE NEW POSITION.
The suit for $50,000 damages for breach
of promise brought by Mrs. L. G. Brown
against her former husband, F. H. Brown,
was dismissed yesterday. She claimed
that she consented that he should secure
a divorce from her with the understand
ing that upon the death of his father.
In whose will he expected to be remem
bered, he would remarry her. He did not
keep his promise, so she sought the aid
of the law to compel him- to do so.
Whether they have made up is not stated
in the dismissal. It is said, however,
that they have come together again.
The Browns Are Out of Court.
Our ladies' $3 50 line of shoes and oxfords
for $2 25 at Herman Lesser's, 915 Market
6treet, opposite Mason. •
Joseph Reed was tried before a jury In
Judge Dunne's court on a charge of rob
bery and the jury brought in a verdict of
tscault with intent to rob. He was or
dered to appear for sentence on October
81. He and three others held up Special
Officer Michael Swetz on Bryant street.
near Oak Grove avenue, on the night of
July 4 and took 60 cents and a knife from
him. John Burns was also arrested and
held for trial pn the earn* charge, but he
fces "Jumped" his bonds.
Andrew Beckman waa tried before a
jury in Judge Cook's court yesterday on a
charge of assault to rob and was con
victed of simple assault. He waa fined
5C0 with the alternative of thirty days in
the County Jail. He has already spent
two months In Jail awaiting trial. He
was accused of knocking' down Thomas
Kgan of 34 Hawthorne street en the water
front on the night of August 23 and at
tempting to rob him.
One Is Convicted of Simple Assault
end Another of Assault to
Bob.
JURIES AEE LENIENT
TO ALLEGED FOOTPADS
Contracts were awarded for street work
on Hodges alley, Cedar avenue, Utah and
Twenty-fifth streets and China avenue.
The board approved plans for an addi
tion to the warehouse for election booths
at Eighteenth and Division ' streets, to
cost $15,000. ' ! . ' Vv > „
The Board of Public Works yesterday
granted a permit to De Camp & Moser «o
proceed under private contract with* the
Improvement of Second avenue, between
Clement and California streets, by clean-
Ing up and reshaping .the roadway and
treating the same with crude oil to give
a smooth and dustless pavement. The
contractors undertake to maintain the
roadway In good condition for a term of
three years.
The City Engineer was. directed to re
port on tho improvements necessary to be
made on Army street and San Bruno ave
nue and one block on either side. Chief
Engineer Dougherty of the Fire Depart
ment reported that San Bruno avenue,
from Twenty-fifth street to San "Bruno
road, is almost impassable to vehicles,
as the roadway is full of ruts.
Flinn & Treacy were granted permis
sion to improve Buena Vista avenue un
der, private contract.
Board of Public Works Grants Per
mit for . Improvement. •
SECOND AVENUE TO BE OILED.
The committee reported in favor of
changing the assessment for a sewer in
Richland avenue and Holly street from
$120 to $1 29 per lineal foot. It appearing
that a clerical error had been made in
the assessment.
The communication from J. Schweitzer
& Co. calling attention to the bad condi
tion of the pavement between th© car
rails on Clay street, between Battery and
Sansome, was referred to the Board of
Works.
track over Sixteenth street to its property
in order to give the directors of the con
cern, who are absent from the city, time
to appear before the committee and es
tablish their claim.
The petitions of the San Francisco
Electric Protective Company and the
American District Telegraph Company for
permission to connect wires with the
fire alarm and police central stations
were granted.
Wednesday night the inmates of the
house realized that the mother and*babe
were in a precarious condition and sum
moned Dr. A. J. Elliot. Under the cir
cumstances the physician refused to take
charge of the case and advised that moth
er and child be sent to some hospital. The
inmates of the house did not comply with
his recommendation. The baby died the
following morning.
Deputy Coroner Meehan reported the
case to the police and Detective Anthony
was detailed to make an investigation.
Detective Anthony . had- her conveyed to
the County Hospital, where the physi
cians in charge declared that there was
little hope of saving her life. The body
of the baby was taken to the morgue.
Deputy Coroner Charles Meehan discov
ered a case of shocking neglect yesterday
when summoned to remove the dead body
of an infant from the Paris lodging-house
at 504 Broadway. The baby was five days
old. The mother and dead babe were In
one bed in a squalid room. The mother
is a comely negro woman about 22 years
of age. She told the deputy coroner that
she had given birth to the child Sunday,
without medical assistance. She said she
had been married to a negro named
George B. Green, -who was em
ployed as a stationary engineer
at a rock quarry at 4900 San Bruno
road. He had abused her. she said, and
failed to provide for her and when her
baby was about to be born he refused
to send for a physician.
Shocking Case of Neglect of Negro
Woman Developed by Investi
gation of Officials.
BABY DEES AND MOTHEE
IN DANGEROUS CONDITION
One local banker remembered that there
was an offer by one New York concern
some time ago to pay within 1 per cent
of the ruling rate on the New York Stock
Exchange for money. As the rate ran up
to 30 per cent there was no surprise when
the company failed.
One of the best informed bankers of
San Francisco is authority for the state
ment that there is probably less San
'^Francisco money now in New York than
there has been for some time. . The large
amount cf ready money needed for ex
pensive bulldine in San Francisco dur
ing the year 1903 was assigned as one
reason for this condition. Another was
that there hav e been large investments
In enterprises in this city and In the State
at large during the last few months. The
names of moneyed men like those of the
Goulds. Goelet and J. Pierpont Morgan
are connected with the trust companies
in New York that have sent out circular
letters soliciting accounts from San Fran
cisco.
Some of the largest trust companies in
Gotham are sending circulars to this city.
If they have received a favorable re
sponse from San Francisco that fact is
not acknowledged here. Bankers with
Eastern connections said yesterday that
there would be no application to them
in San Francisco. If money was worth
4 per cent in New York unquestionably
their New York representatives would
know the fact and would do as they
thought best. The savings banks did not
think that there was any chance that they
would be approached.
Discrimination has been exercised by
the New York trust companie» In mak
ing applications for San Francisco ac
counts. President William Alvord and
Vice Prpsldent Anderson of the Bank of
California said yesterday that they had
not received any letters on the sub
ject. In come quarters it -was said
that 4. per cent was not an unusual price
for the New York trust companies to
offer, as the reports of the New York
State Bank Commission show that returns
have been made of transactions at 4 per
cent.
Various New York trust companies
have recently eent letters to commercial
and national banks in San Francisco,
making offers to pay 3V& per cent on
daily balances to secure new accounts.
The savings banks have not received any
communications of this sort, so far as
can be learned. All banks having connec
tions in New York are also exempt
from this sort of solicitation. There was
a rumor on the 6treet yesterday that one
letter had been received in which the rate
of 4 per cent was offered for new ac
counts.
Margaret M. Spaulding Is suing Fred
J. Spaulding for divorce for desertion.
They were married at Chicago in June.
1000. the alleged desertion occuring in
October cf the following year. Spauld
ing brought a suit for divorce on the
ground of cruelty In March, 1902. The suit
was dismissed April 13. Attorney Er
nest Piexotto represented Spaulding and
yesterday he appeared for Mrs. Spauld
inff. . •
Eupbetnla E. Lautner was granted a di
vorce from Cleon E. Lautner. foreman of
the- California Casket Company, for de
sertion. She said his love for another
woman caused their separation. Decrees
were also granted to Sarah Schultz from
Eamuel Schultz for cruelty. Mary A.
Mocre from Joseph A. Moore for deser
tion. Albertlna Smith from George L. A.
Smith for neglect and Lilias Wallace from
Robert S. Wallace for intemperance and
neglect.
James T. McKenney Is suing Chlorinde
McKcnney for divorce for cruelty. He
says she ie a termagant and on several
occasions has chased him with a bread
knife and attempted to brain him with a
chair.
Conrad Mollalh wants a divorce from
Anna Mollath for desertion.
Ifadcre Less, former secretary of the
Barbers' Union and who after an unsuc
cessful «ffcrt to secure the office of Treas
urer of this city as a candidate of the
I'nior. L*bor party left the State under
a cloud, filed an answer and cross-com
p'.&snt to the suit for divorce brought a
Jew months ago by Anne E. l^ess. Ho
denies that ho has ever been a cruel hus
band," as she charges, and says that Mrs.
L«*fs is the cause of his unhapplness. He
accuses her of being too friendly with
Thomas Ca.io, and aJso says that she is
a victim of the nicotine habit. She
smokes eight or t«n cigars a day, alleges
J-ess, and has taught their three children
to emoke and even furnished them money
to buy tobacco. According to Less the
children are now in charitable institutions,
having been placed there by him, after his
return to this city. Less complains that
"he is a inan of misfortune" and suffers
because of the attempts of his enemies
to fasten upon him crimes of which he
is innocent, and he prays the court for
relief from one of his alleged burdens,
namely, his wife.
• Minnie B. A. \Vrtn McGowan wants a
idivorce from John E. McGowan for neg
lect. She saye that for 'more than a year
the has had to earn her own living be
cause of her husband's idleness, prof
ligacy and dissipation. With a decree of
divorce Mrs. McGowan osks to be granted
rrrmission to resume her. maiden name,
Wrin.
She charses that Scott, because of his
profligacy, has not provided for her as a
husband should, and says that in addl-
Jion to having to earn her own living she
lias had to Ftand shameful abuse. She
alleges that on more than one occasion
he has etruck and cursed her and that
rr.ee he drove- her out of their home with
A shotgun. He also threw a large knife
at her, she says, and aEsaulted her with
a hatchet. It is also alleced by Mrs.
Fcott that her husband frequently re
irained out all night, coming home in the
ciornJng: drunk. No matter the hour, she
*ays, he would on such occasions compel
k<?r to get out of bed and prepare a meal
for him. It is also charged that Scott
set fire to a bed occupied by his wife and
child and threatened to burn them alive.
In a suit for divorce filed yesterday by
Dora Scott against James Scott, she says
ehe was treated br him in euch a cruel
and inhuman manner from six weeks al
ter their marriage at Oakland in 1838 up
to two years ago that she considered her
life In peril and left him. She deserted
him twice before, ehe says, and returned
en his premise to behave, only to be met
Tvith a repetition of his offenses. She has
now lost faith Jn him and asks for a di
vorce, the cus'.ody of their one child, a
boy. and sufficient alimony to enable her
to defray their living expenses.
Shepherd stated that he would not pro
duce the books of the company showing
receipts and expenditures, as it would
give information to competitors who
would bid for. the regular franchise.
Braunhart thought a temporary permit
should be granted until June 30, 1904. Su
pervisor Loughery said it would be un
just to compel the company to. give fig
ures as to its financial condition, as it
proposed to bid for a new franchise. . At
Troy's suggestion -the company will be
required to abandon any rights It may
have after November 6 and to keep the
streets on which the road runs in good
repair. The City Attorney's advice will
be asked \ before any final agreement is
made. Formal action on the permit was
postponed until next Thursday.
The California Outdoor League re
quested- that all provisions for an over
head trolley system be eliminated from
any franchise that may be granted for a
street railroad on Geary street or any
other thoroughfare.
Braunhart characterized a suggestion of
Troy that the city run . automobiles on
Geary street as ridiculous and the latter
accused the Supervisor of "doing' up" the
Geary-street road : proposition. , Braun
hart retorted that any one who accused
him . of any sinister purpose in his ad
vocacy of public ownership told a de
liberate falsehood.
Then Troy spoke as follows:
"The Geary Street Company is not en
titled to any favors from this board, be
cause it made threats at one time that
It would prevent the acquisition of the
Geary-street road. I ask. that Mr. Platt
bring the books of the company, for I be
lieve I can. prove that the reason why
the proposition did not .receive a two
thirds vote was because of corruption.
The company has paid at least $1,500,000
in dividends." . ' ¦
NOT ENTITLED TO FAVORS.
"In the absence of the necessary funds
to run the road," said Braunhart. "we
must find other means to operate it for
the accommodation of the public, and you
will please refrain from criticizing the
committee. I see no legal way for the
city to operate the road."
"It seems a great hardship to close this
road down," said Shepherd, "and all we
ask is a temporary permit until a new
franchise is srranted."
The suggestion of the Richmond Im
provement Club that the city' rent the
Geary T street road or run a system of
buses to accommodate the public was
deemed not feasible as there are no funds
available for such a purpose. E. P. E.
Troy thought some $240,000 collected under
special levy for schools and hospital could
be used, but the committee held that the
money could not be utilized.
"Judging from your attitude here," said
Troy, addressing the committee, "you
seem to be inclined to do an illegal act
by giving the company a temporary fran
chise."
PLAN NOT FEASIBLE.
"There are legal obstacles in the way of
granting . a temporary franchise," said
Braunhart. "A taxpayer might protest
against the grant and I do not see how
the charter could be complied with In a
temporary franchise. There is no dif
ference of opinion regarding the public
convenience resulting from the operation
of the road."
"We are," replied Shepherd, "and will
.conform to the requirements' of the char
ter, which call for the payment of a per
centage of the gross receipts to the city.
We think thai, an affirmative vote of the
Board of Supervisors is all that will be
required."
','Are you ready to pay a percentage of
the gross receipts?" asked Supervisor
d'Ancona.
A. D. Shephejd, representing Horace G.
Platt. president of the roal, who is ill,
addressed the committee and pleaded for
permission to run the cars on Geary street
until; such time as a new franchise is
granted. . . .
The Supervisors' Public Utilities Com
mittee decided yesterday In . favor of
granting the application of the Geary
Street Railway Company for a temporary
permit to operate the road from. Novem
ber 7, 1903, the date of the expiration of
the , present f ranchtee, until a new fran
chise is granted. The company was re
quested to file a communication stating
what it would agree to pay for the per
mit. The committee took action with the
condition that the permit is revocable at
the pleasure of the board and that the
company file a stipulation that the tem
porary permit is in no sense to be con
sidered a franchise.
Mr. Van Ness in his argument related
the history of the case. James Mervyn
Donahue, at the time of his death the
husband of Belle 'Wallace, now Mrs.
Sprague, bequeathed to various charities
$165,000, exclusive" of $25,000 for the erec
tion of a monument and fountain to the
memory of his father, Peter Donahue.
After all the debts of the estate- were
paid there remained $600,000, out of which
the $165,000 bequests were to be paid. If It
were to be decided that the fountain be
quest was a charity the sum would be in
creased to $190,000, which would be more
than one-third of his separate estate.. Of
this sum $100,000 was bequeathed to Ro
man Catholic orphan homes. He had be
queathed also another $100,000 to buy land
and erect a building for poor old men and
women, but this was stricken out, be
cause the law does not permit more than
one-third of a testator's estate- to be de
vised for charitable purposes.
Mr. Van Ness spent the greater part of
his time in commenting upon the commu
nity and the fountain- agreements execut
ed between the parties to the suit, and ar
gued that if the contention of the defenso
be true that Ryland T. Wallace did not
hold a power of attorney from his sister
to execute" that agreement it waa very
strange, to say the least, that an able
lawyer and business man, such as he was,
should have signed his sister's name to
the agreement by himself as her attor
ney.
Peter Dunne will reply for the defense
this morning at 10 o'clock.
DISCUSSES AGREEMENTS.
In reply to a question by Peter Dunne,
of defendants' counsel, Mr. McEnerney
admitted that during his argument before
Judge Angellottl he had not produced the
fountain agreement. He said, further,
that am appeal had been taken, not by
Archbishop Riordan, but by Peter J. Mc-
Glynn and J. F. Burgln, executors of the
will, to recover for the executors of the
will $5000' extra compensation which had
been denied them by Judge Angellottl,
who had allowed them only $2000 on a
claim for $7000. They had argued that the
fountain was not a charity and the wit
ness had argued that it was. Ryland T.
Wallace had told the witness that his sis
ter "stood to- lose" $8333 and that he would
advise his sister to pay that sum. Mr.
Wallace had also told the witness, "All
that my sister and her daughter lose is
$16,666 66."
Mr. McEnerney explained that on A'ug
ust 1, 1896. Judge Angelottl decided not
only that the fountain was a charity, but
a preferred charity, and "that it came out
100 cents on the dollar ahead of all other
legacies." So far as the witness was con
cerned, he had said to Ryland T. Wallace
that he would not take an appeal because
it was a matter of no importance to his
fide under the contract.
I told Mr. Wallace that so far as we were
concerned It was a matter of no moment
whatever what the* Judge would do in respect
to that property, because his sister. Mra. Belle
Donahue, was obligated to make good the dif
ference. We had the contract with Mrs. Don
ahue holding us harmless. We could have
taken an aopeal and could have claimed that
as a charity it could be scaled down, in which
event the $25,000 would no lonircr be a lien
upon the charity fund. For tf we could es
tablish on appeal that Mr. Wallace's argu
ment before Judge Angellottl was a Rood argu
ment we could have got $25,000 out of the
charitable legacy and would have put our
selves in the t>ame position that the contract
now places us. I should not have argued
that It was a charity If we had not had this
agreement. If it was not a charity It would
be charged against the whole estate, one-third
against Mr. Donahue, one-third against Isabel
Donahue and one-third against the remainder.
Mr. McEnerney continued:
Mr. McEnerney's testimony took up the
greater parjt of the forenoon. He said
that Ryland T. "Wallace never claimed at
any time that there was. a want of con
sideration for the fountain agreement or
that that agreement was without consid
eration, or that he had been without
power to execute the agreement. The
witness had never heard any one else say
so; he had relied implicitly upon the va
lidity of the fountain agreement.. On June
16, 1896. in Superior Judge Angellotti's
court Ryland T. Wallace argued that the
legacy of $25,000 for the Donahue fountain
was a*charltable bequest and Mr. Hanlon
argued that it was in the nature of a fu
neral expense— a monument to the mem
ory of Peter Donahue, the father of
James Mervyn Donahue, and that it
should be ordered paid for out of the as
sets of the estate, just the same as if it
had been erected over his grave.
McENERNEY'S TESTIMONY.
Archbishop Riordan, Ryland T.' Wallace
and Garret McEnerney. occupied the
stand in the morning. The Archbishop
testified that he never gave George R. B.
Hayes, one of hie attorneys, authority to
draw up the fountain agreement exclu
sive of the community agreement, 1;he
latter agreement being the consideration
for the former.
At noon yesterday the taking of testi
mony In the suit of Archbishop Patrick
W. Riordan against Mrs. Belle Spragrue
and her husband, Richard Sprague, yraus
coucluded in the United States Circuit
Court. T. C. Van Ness made the opening
argument to the jury on behalf of the
plaintiff and occupied the time from 2 un
til 4 o'clock, at which hour an adjourn
ment was taken until 10 o'clock this
morning.
Also Avers That He Set Fire
to Bed Occupied by Her
self and Child.
Attorney Van Ness Argues
That Ryland Wallace
Was Mistaken.
Favorable Responses Are Not
Vouchsafed to the
Offers Made.
Geary Street Line to Be Op
erated Until New Fran
.". chise Is Given.
New York Trust Com
panies Make Proposals
to Local Banks.
Supervisors to Give
Temporary Privilege ,
to Company.
Accuses Him of Threat
ening Her With Gun
and Knife.
Conflict of Testimony
Between Two Chief
. Witnesses.
SEEK ACCOUNTS
IN THIS CITY
SCOTT A BRUTE,
SAYS HIS WIFE
SPRAGUE CASE
NEAR ITS END
FAVOR PERMIT
TO RUN ROAD
QUEENSTOWN, Oct. 22.— Andrew Carnegie,
before embarking to-day on board the steamer
Cedrlc. for New York, contributed $5000 to
help an organ for the Catholic
Cathedral at Queenstoivn.
The disappearance of William Kerrigan,
a partner of Michael Driscoll In a grocery
at 1613 Leavenworth . street, was • reported
to the police "yesterday. Kerrigan on
Sunday evening called upon Hugh, Drls
coll,';hls partner's,- brother, who ha« a
grocery at 22 Moss street.. and after hav
ing several drinks left there soon before
midnight. Since then he has not been
seen nor heard of. He is 26 years of age,
5 feet 9 inches tall, dark complexion,
smooth shaven and has a glas» eye.
Grocer Has Disappeared.
Horn Doon, one of the Chinese impli
cated in "the substitution cases, was ac
quitted by Police Judge Cabaniss yester
day on -a charge of subornation of per
jury on the ground that there was not
sufficient evidence to hold him He wai
accused of instigating Harm . Chew to
swear to a complaint charging Tom Sam
On with felony embezzlement, and when
the case came up for trial before Judge
Lawlor in' April last the Judge dismissed
it. and ordered that warrants should be
Issued. for the arrest of Horn Doon for
subornation of perjury «nd ; Wong Fook
Sam for perjury. Wong Fook Sam was
held, to answer by Judge*Cabaniss last
.week. The only evidence r against Horn
Doon was an alleged statement that he
wanted to se« Tom Sam On convicted.
Horn Doon Acquitted.
Mr. McKean was born In Ohio in 1S52.
He came to California in ths early '70's
and settled in Sacramento. In 18S0 he
went to Shasta County and had resided In
Rtddlng ever since. For years he drove a
stage on the Bieber line between Redding
and Bieber and for the last ten years had
been general manager for the Redding
and Bieber stage and mail line and also
for the Redding and Weaverville stage
and mail line. He left Redding Tuesday
evening for this city on business in con
nection with the sale of the Camden toll
road to Volney Fox, owner of the Red
ding and Weaverville stage line. He was
to have met Mr. Camden and Mr. Fox In
San Francisco and make a deal for the
road which connects Shasta and Trinity
counties. He leaves a wife and two
daughters. Mrs. McKean was formerly
Miss Lizzie Yank and was a prominent
school teacher in Shasta County during
the 'SO's.
William P. McKean had been identified
closely with the business, and fraternal
history of Shasta County/for more than
twenty years. He was a prominent Odd
Fellow and a member of the Blue Lodge
and Chapter, F. and A. M., and also a
Workman. He was one' of the first di
rectors of the I. O. O. F. building com
mittee and to his efforts the Redding
Lodge is indebted for its fine temple. He
was also one of the directors and build
ers of the Redding Masonic Temple.
William P. McKean, one of the most
prominent citizens of Redding. Shasta
County, was found dead In bed yesterday
at the New Arlington Hotel, 1015 Market
street. Death had evidently been caused
by an affliction of the heart. McKean
rented the room at the hotel on Wednes
day night.
W. P. McKean Pound
Lifeless in Room of
a Hotel.
SHASTA CITIZEN
DIES SUDDENLY
THE SAN FKAKCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 23, 1903.
Petitions in Insolvency were filed, yes
terday, in the United States .' District
Court aa follows :J George Battee, 1 clerk,
San Jose, liabilities 51819, no assets; Fred
erick Battee, clerk, San Jose, liabilities
$1819, no assets. These sums represent
the liability of the petitioners as stock
holders in ; the f: defunct Union Savings
Bankof San Jose. Charles J. Mackintosh;
an engineer residing in this city, filed a
petition ptatinsr his liabilities at $514.' He
has no assets. -.¦•-._••
Petitions in Insolvency.
Gray Bros, sent a communication deny
ing that they, were blasting on Telegraph
Hill, but witnesses' testified that opera
tions were 'carried* on at • the : foot "of the
hill and ; on ; Lombard street.
;. The Union" Oil-: Company, was granted
permission for sixty days to - use ' a spur
16
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Kb __BS_fl Em _kI 4E3 K9 '-, iH_ r • - •
eJ hF IB e B Bl m3 B IS <sL ¦»
Think' of the future and dress your Boys and Children at
Brown's money-saving prices. Our price inducements on
the youngsters' suits and overcoats are so low that all
provident mothers who wish to clothe, their boys serviceahly
and stylishly should Inspect these values.
3 -PIECE SUIT 2 -PIECE SUIT
4ft 00 Ages 4^ 00 A § es
fl 1111 8 to Oik I! 3 to
aJ BllU 16, in iJ 16, in
w all-wool %# dark mixed
fancy Cheviots, winter effedts,
Tweeds and Home- Cheviots, Cassi-
spuns. 1903 Fall meres, Worsteds,
Designs and Col- Double -Twist
orings, form-fit- Blue Serge, la-
ting and shape- test cut and
retaining, style.
Our Boys' and Children's Department is replete with the
latest fabrics and styles at prices that are the limit of economy.
Ball and Bat Free With Open Saturday Night
Every Suit Purchase, | | until 10 o'clock,
BROWNBROS&Oi
WHOLESALE K/ffl l^N/i A M R ETA [LING
CLOTHIERS! UlllUHyi IIZ-AI DIRECT TO YOU
AJTOtTISiaOaTS. .
Friday. Saturday and Saturday Night.
WE MAKE PROFITS,
BUT SMALL ONES.
BUTTER, large square 39c
Good twwt Creamery Batter. Recnlar 43c.
NEW PRESSED FIGS, package 8c.
BEST JAPAN RICE, whits puod 5c
Cooka whole and evn. Vsually 3 for 23c.
LUNCH SHRIMP. 15c CAX3 10c.
6HIRARDELLI'S COCOA, 25c can 19c
EARLY JUNE TEAS. 3 cans 25c.
Eitra Quality OYSTERS, 15c tall cans 10c
MIXED CAKES— 20c POUND 15c.
MINCEMEAT, Mrs. Faber's, 2 lbs 25c
Not a question of taste only— but material!,
¦kill and absolute cleanliness. -»- .
NEW COMB HONEY. 2 FOR 23c.
FRENGH CASTILE SOAP, 3-lb bar 20c
Best Made from OIlv* Oil.
STRAWBERRY JAM. DOZEN >1.10.
COSTA»RICa~COFFEE; psond 19c
Often sold as Java and Mocha, but under true
name here. An excellent rich body Coffee.
.-'- .'¦ ¦¦; Usually 23c.
TABLE SYRUP. 75c GALLON 43c.
BEST FLOUR, 50-lb sacks $1.15
Acme or Purity brands. Usually $1.23.
PIXOX'S 10c STOVE POLISH 3c.
CAL. RANCH E6GS, large wiilte, doz 30c
Every egg guaranteed perfect.
WHISKY.OCc QUALITY BOT. 55c. '
BENZILENE SOAP, 6 large cakes 25c
Hot or cold water. Twice the value of Fets
- : ';- ' Naptha.
BEST SAND SOAP. 8 CAKES 2>c.
KENTUCKY O.K. WHISKY, gal. $2.25
Good pure medicinal liquor. Usually $3.00.
40c SWEET WINES'. BOTTLE 25c.
PORT or SHERRY, 4-jear-oId, gal. 65c
Mild straight wlnea. Well worth $1.00.
ALL SATURDAY NIGHT ORDERS DELIvl
ERED MONDAY.
1001 FILLMORE ST. 119 TAYLOR ST.
Sehools and Colleges,
BqF H J jBa in sw i% SF jBl
H I s?£5Jf u Em fl I ft^B
HH J^ _L — ¦___JI_rf'B — —MWiSBfnTB B^ -_ BBt
LEADING BUSINESS COLLEGE OF THE
WEST. 24 Post St., San Francisco, Cal.
Established 40 years. Open entire year.
Write tor illustrated catalocue (fret).
/ ADVEBTTSEIgENTS. * '
Talking Machine
RECORDS.
All new uncatalogued flat indestructible Disc
Records will be sold during the NEXT 10 DAYS
at the following prices :
$1.00 Records - - - 50c
50c Records- - - - 25c
These Records are the latest styles of the best
known makes. They can be played on the Zono- ' ;:
phone, Victor or Columbia machines.
MAKE AN EARLY SELECTION. ~|
PRIVATE ROOMS TOR RECORD BUYERS.
KOHLER & CHASE,
Established 185O. Largest dealers in
t Talking Machines on the Pacific Coast, "*
I . Post and Kearny Streets.