PRICE FIVE CENTS.
According to the Daily Telegraph,
which Is supposed to be closely con
nected with Chamberlain, the contents
of his letter to Balfour announcing his
intention to resign were unknown to his
colleagues at Monday's Cabinet council
and much comment is made on the suc
cessful manner in which the secret was
kept. As the Premier has known for so
long that Chamberlain would resign it
is supposed that -all the details of the
reconstruction of the Ministry were prac
tically arranged this week and that he
will be able almost immediately to sub
mit a new Cabinet to the King. Strong
demands are made in the papers for the
elimination of '. Lord' Lansdowne and the
others concerned in the reDort of the
South African war commission.
Rumors are current that' Viscount.Mil
ner,~.'; the High Commissioner . in South
Africa, may be invited to become Minister
for the Colonies, that Brodrick will take
the India Office and that- Arnold Forster
will take. the; War portfolio. Beyond the
evident fact \ that the Ministry must be
reconstructed on .a purely protectionist
Earl Spencer, Liberal leader in the
House of Lords, in an interview last
night, admitted that tne news came as
a complete surprise to him and. though
it was satisfactory from a party point of
view, it would mean a very stiff election
fight with such a powerful opponent as
Chamberlain.
It is this element of N doubt regarding
the wisdom of Chamberrsin's course, in
spite of his tremendous personality, which
loads the Unionists to count more upon
the weakness of the Liberal partv, due
to its internal divisions, than to the
strength of their own party in the com
ing contest. ¦ The Liberals, on the other
hand, are jubilant. With the discredit
attaching to the Government as the re
sult of the report of the South African
war commission, and the strong free
trade tendency in the country, as revealed
by the recent bye-elections, they look for
ward to an appeal to the country with
the utmost confidence. The Radical Dally
News, In its Joy, declares:
"Mr. Chamberlain has met his "Water
loo, and in, his heart he knows it. His
campaign will be invested with deep.per r
Banal interest, but it will be the cam
paign of a lost cause."
The Standard 'declares that the raising
of the preferential Issue was perfectly
gratuitous. There was never the small
est evidence that either the mother coun
try or the colonies were pressing for it.
To throw this apple of Oiscord into the
arena of party politics, the Standard
thinks, was an Unfortunate error, all the
more regrettable because the statesman
who did so much to create a solid Union
ist column has been the one to shake its
foundation.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 17.— A cablegram
from Minister Leishman at Constantino
ple received to-day va* sent to the Pres
ident. It indicates a disposition of the
Sublime Porte to take up for settlement
questions in which this Government Is in
terested. Leishman believes that favor
able action will be taken by the Turkish
Government
To Take Up American Claims.
BEIRUT, Syria. Sept 17.— Business Is
still suspended. notwithstanding the
change !n the Governorship, and it will
take a long time to restore confidence.
Robberies and murders are the order of
the night, if not of the day, and the feel-
Ing of Insecurity on the part of both
European and native residents is very
great. Some form of outrage against the
foreign and Christian population occurs
dally- The Christian refugees in the Leb
anon Mountains are returning slowly and
in small numbers.
Murders Frequent in Beirut.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Sept. 17.— Hllml
Pasha, former vali of Brusa. Asia Minor,
has been appointed vail of Beirut. Reshid
Bey, who was removed from Beirut as
the result of United States Minister
Lelshman's representations, haa been ap
pointed vail of Brusa.
The Porte has received confirmation of
the reports that large bands of Bulga
rians and Macedonians, one of them esti
mated to number 4000 men, have been
preparing to cross the frontier near Kos
tendll, forty-three miles from Scxla.
Official circles here have been greatly
irritated by the representations made to
tho Porte by representatives of the pow
ers regarding the excesses committed by
Turkish troops. It Is pointed out that the
powers themselves advised Turkey to sup*
press the insurrection energetically.
competent Beshid Bey.
Hilmi Pasha Takes the Place of In-
BECOMES VAXI OP BEIRUT.
BRITISH SHIP IS LOST.
Seven of the Mexicano's Crew Are
Picked Up at Sea.
NEW YORK, Sept. 17.— The steamer VI
dar, Captain Sorrenson, arrived to-night
from Cabarien, having on board six of
the crew of the British steamer Mexi
cano, which foundered during a gale oft
the Carolina coast on September 16. Cap
tain Sorrenson said he was sitting In his
cabin about 9 o'clock yesterday morning
when he heard a cry. Going to his ves
sel's bridge he' ' saw something in the
water, and with the aid of his glasses
found It to.be a small hatch with a man
in oilskins stretched full length on it. He
steered for the man and rescued him, ex
hausted and unable to speak. The Vidar
had' proceeded about a mile when her
captain found five more . men clinging to
pieces of wreckage. He picked up the
castaways. They, too, were exhausted,
and one was nearly crazy. and the rescu-
Continued on Page 2, Column 1.
Continued ; on 1 Page 2, Column 6.
Ibrahim Pasha telegraphs from Seres
that in an encounter near Melnik forty
nine Bulgarians were killed. The Turks
lost seven men. The fugitive insurgents
were pursued and surrounded at Juxnai
bala, where thirty of them were killed
and twenty were wounded.
Hllml Pasha, the inspector general, tel
egraphs that in the fight at Kaimakcha
lent on September 16 150 Bulgarians were
killed and that In the engagement at
Kashi 300 Bulgarians were killed.
SALONICA, European Turkey. Sept. 17.
—Orders were received from Constanti
nople to try by court martial all Turkish
officers whose ignorance or negligence
permits the escape of insurgents.
garians in One Fight.
Allege Loss of Three Hundred Bul-
TURKS REPORT VICTORIES.
key more of the single-shot Mausers for
merly used by the German army.
time to be submitted to the
Cabinet at its recent meeting. It is un
derstood that the reply of Great Britain
states that she is willing this should be
done, provided the other powers agree,
and that Great Britain is ready to assent
to any proposition looking: to a settlement
of the present situation in European Tur
key, consonant with the views of the pow
ers concerned.
The Porte has expelled the Daily Mall's
correspondent at Monastir, who has ap
pealed to the British Embassador.
PARIS, Sept. 17.— The officials of the
Foreign Office say Italy has approved the
Austro-Russian note regarding interven
tion in Macedonia, and add that France
will doubtless make similar representa
tions at Sofia and Constantinople.
The Foreign Office understands that
Russia has signified that any attempt at
a popular movement in Bulgaria in sup
port of the Macedonian insurgents will
meet with her strongest disapproval.
BERLIN, Sept. 17.— The military occu
pation of Macedonia by Russia and Aus
tria is believed here to be the only ex
pedient feumdent to prevent war between
Turkey and Bulgaria. This suggestion
does not originate in Berlin. It reached
here some days ago, as an inquiry from
Vienna to the Foreign Offlce as to what
Germany thought of the two powers In
tervening, such Intervention to be barely
long enough to restore order and reor
ganize the Turkish constabulary properly.
The inquiry, it was' assumed, rested upon
a Russo-Austrian agreement. The Iden
tical question probably will be put to all
the signatories of the Berlin treaty.
j; Tho German reply appears to have been
considerably affirmative. Since the terri
tory to be occupied was Turkish, Tur
key's consent ought to be obtained. Ger
many then would have no objection. But
Turkey has not agreed to this, the reason
put forward being that Turkey's prestige
is endangered, the insurrection having
gone too far for Turkey to withdraw. She
had been told she must put down the up
rising promptly and was doing so. It was
now nearly stamped out, and the Porte
felt entirely competent to finish the work
and also to defend itself against Bulga
rian aggression.
With the calling but of the reserves of
the Fourth and Sixth Corps, Turkey Is
now on a war footing, only two Arabian
corps remaining at peace strength. The
fresh mobilization, according to German
military opinion, will take three weeks,
but if the troops are to be employed in
European Turkey, it will take consider
ably longer. A month from now, how
ever, Turkey will have all the reserves
available.
The Ludwig-Lowe Company of Berlin
has completed .an order for a hundred
million cartridges for Turkey. The last
of them, it Is understood, are In transit.
This company js also delivering to Tur-
y ONDON, Sept. 17.— The proposal
m that Austria and Russia occupy
* V Macedonia was received here in
Dispatches received from re
gions which had been cut off from
communication brought, through
every hour of the night, additional
details of loss of life and damage
to property caused by the storm.
Coast guards sent news of schoon
ers ashore, of beaches strewn with
wreckage and the loss of smaller
craft. In all the Eastern ports
there was anxiety to-night, for it
will be days before the fate of
many vessels now missing can be
learned.
Among the craft which suffered
severely from the gale -was the
United States torpedo-boat Law
rence, which to-day reached the
Virginia coast with battered
plates and shorn of her bridge.
The inland damage wrought by
the storm was greater than was at
first believed. Many buildings
were overturned and hundreds of
structures destroyed. In the rural
regions of Delaware and New Jer
sey the winds hurled to the
ground the nearly ripened fruit,
thus entailing heavy loss upon
growers.
NEW. YORK, Sept. 17.—New
names were added to-dajr to the
long list which tells of those who
on Wednesday perished in the
turmoil of the seas. Half-masted
flags in the basin back of Fulton
market proclaimed eight dead
from fishing smacks, including two
captains who, each for a half cen
tury, had been plying between
East River and Hatteras.^Of
sixty^eigKt~ ""TFultoiv'-'-'scKcJoners
which sailed away a few days ago,
only thirty-five; torn by wind and
wave, have returned, and it is be
lieved that at least five more of
that fleet and fifty men have per
ished.
From a sole survivor, who "was
brought into Norfolk, Va., was
learned the fate of fifteen of his
shipmates who were carried down
to their death off the Carolinas by
the foundering of the British
steamer Mexicano. Laggard mes
sengers of bad news straggling in
to havens along the Atlantic sea
board told of other disasters — the
loss of a man from a tug here, the
sweeping of two or three of the
crew from the decks of a schooner
there.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
From Many Atlantic Sea
ports Come Details of <
Disasters.
British Ship Mexicano
Sinks With Fifteen
Men.
Dispatches from Uskub announce that since the calling out of the Turk
ish reserves the situation in the vicinity of Uskub has grown worse. The
Austrian and Russian Consuls arc reported to have asked their Embassadors
at Constantinople to demand that the Porte disband the reserves or maintain
discipline among them. Since the reserves were mustered pillaging and mur
ders-have, been reported daily. The Consuls are powerless. The Turkish
authorities are receiving these complaints and appoint investigating commis
sions, which never convict.
Reports from Monastir of the burning of villages and the massacre of
their inhabitants continue. The Autonomye publishes the names of thirteen
villages in the vilayet of Monastir which were recently destroyed by regular
troops and Bashi Bazouks and also announces that the Monastery' of the
Holy of Holies near Okhrida has been destroyed. At the monastery Turkish
soldiers killed an entire family and the Bulgarian priest.
A letter from Adrianople says 1500 refugees, mostly women and children,
have arrived in that city, having escaped from the general burning and mas
sacre in the villages of Ediga, Karadare and Mokuschevo by the Turkish
troops. Many of the children were horribly mutilated. The insurgents have
cut the telegraph line between Voden and Ber, in Albania.
The German representative here has addressed a note to the Bulgarian
Government, in accordance with the declarations of Russia and Austria, say
ing that Bulgaria cannot expect assistance from any power in the event of
war with Turkey and that the Austro-Hungarian reform plan will be applied.
The Ausffian representative, in insisting on the necessity for Bulgaria
remaining calm, declared that if the principality were powerless to prevent
the passage 'of insurgent bands into Macedonia Austria and Russia would
take note of .her powerlessness and charge Turkey to exercise her rights, de
fend her territory against foreign incursions and maintain order in the in
terior.
that the experience of other nations— France, the United State3
and Austria — has proved that it is always* necessary to display strength when
dealing with Turkey.
The paper advises the Government to act now, "at a favorable moment,
when the people of Europe are evidencing encouragement of Bulgaria."
The Government, while steadily proceeding with the partial mobiliza
tion plans, is endeavoring to avoid unnecessarily exciting the people, and
consequently has resolved not to mobilize any of the Sofia garrison.
The War Office has recalled the Bulgarian officers who were studying
in the military schools of Russia. France, Austria and Italy.
SOFIA, Sept. 17.— The press is assuming a bellicose tone. The
Dnevnik to-night complains that the Government's partial mobili
zation of three divisions is utterly inadequate and urjjes the im
mediate mobilization of the wfiole Bulgarian army, pointing out
Each Hour Adds
to the Storm's
Victims.
Russo= Austrian Proposal to
Intervene in Balkans
Finds Favor.
SCORES DIE
IN TURMOIL
OF THE SEAS
Bulgaria Proceeding With
Plans for Mobilization
of Troops.
CHAMBERLAIN, RITCHIE AND HAMILTON
RESIGN FROM THE BRITISH CABINET
Crisis Precipitated by Their
, Action May Return the
Liberals to Power.
ly admits the principle of Chamberlain's
project, only contending that the coun
try is not yet ripe for it. It is clear,
however, that he regards retaliation as
a stepping stone to a preferential tariff
and the taxation of food. That the
Unionist party as a whole does not agree
with this view is equally self-evident.
The Conservative papers, while congrat
ulating Chamberlain on his courage and
devotion to his principles, regret his ac
tion, because it is their belief that the
country will never consent to the taxa
tion of food.
ZONDON, Sept. 18.— The retire
ment of Colonial Secretary
Chamberlain, which precipitated
the most dramatic crisis and
the bitterest party struggle
Eince his secession from Glad
stone's home rule Cabinet, was unknown
and unsuspected in Lon-3on until the of
ficial announcement was Issued late at
night, too late for the evening papers. It
will become known to the general public
only from this morning's papers.
There had been much exchanging: of po
litical visits early in the day, but as Pre-
OOFIA, Bulgaria, Sept. 17.— The Foreign Office here has received reliable information that the Turks have' destroyed the town of Kastoria, thirty-six miles south of iMonastir, and have
massacred the population. The report of a massacre at Kastoria comes from sources admitting of. little doubt, though the details are lacking. It was received with the gravest con
cern by the officials here. The population of Kastoria numbers about 10,000, and the massacre of such a number in one place, if the report be true, exceeds anything which has yet
occurred in Macedonia. At the present critical moment, when popular feeling is intense, the effect of the report of such stupendous slaughter may be most serious.
TEN THOUSAND CHRISTIANS PERISH AT HANDS OF FANATICS
AFTER DESTRUCTION OF THE TOWN OF KASTORIA BY TURKS
SAN LUIS OBISPO, Sept 17.-Another
chapter was added to-day to the serial
story of crime in this county. John C.
Wilson, a well known and respected
farmer, residing about nine miles east of
Santa Margarita, shot and killed his son
in-law, Charles B. Stark. Wilson says
that bad blood had existed between them
for some months, arising from troubles
over land matters, but the immediate
cause of the shooting was a quarrel about
an old saw, which Stark had borrowed
from Wilson some time previous. A
heated argument ensued over the return
of the saw and blows were exchanged.
The trouble took place at Wilson's
house, and after it was over Wilson told
Stark never to step inside of his house
again. Stark Immediately started to re
turn, when Wilson warned him that he
would shoot if he persisted. As Stark
continued toward the house Wilson seized
a Ehotgun standing by the door and fired,
the charge taking effect in Stark's head
and body. Stark lived a few moments
after the shot was fired. There were no
witnesses to the affair.
Wilson, who has always borne an excel
lent reputation, has resided in that neigh
borhood for many years. He is a veteran
of th<? Mexican War and is about 80 years
of age. Stark also was well .thought of
and was a soldier In the Philfjrplnes.'. He
had been In this county about two years.
Immediately upon receiving the news In
this city Sheriff Ivins and Coroner Nichols
started for the scene of the tragedy. •
OLD FARMER
SHOOTS DOWN
HIS RELATIVE
The editorials in the Government or
gans this morning practically recognize
the certainty of the Liberals coming into
power, while admitting that Chamberlain
had gained, a brilliant triumph by win
ning Balfour over to . his opinions. • Bal
four's. letter in this sense' is considered
vastly, more important than his recent
pamphlet, because in it he unhesitating-
It is understood that the resignations
of some other members of the Cabinet are
imminent and that Lord Balfour of Bur
leigh. Secretary for Scotland, has actually
resigned, although the fact has not yet
been formally given out. Lord Lans
downe, the Foreign Secretary, left last
night for Balmoral, whither Premier Bal
four and his brother are expected to pro
ceed immediately.
In the Conservative clubs last night the
manner in which the crisis was projected
was almost as great a surprise as in Lib
eral quarters. Curiosity centers on the
attitude of the Duke of Devonshire,
whose resignation has been fully expect
ed. It was supposed by some that he
would take the present opportunity of
retiring from politics, on the ground of
his advanced years. As to the reconstruc
tion of the Cabinet, no great interest is
excited, although the political prophets
are already busy appointing Austen
Chamberlain Chancellor of the Exchequer,
the Earl of Selborne Secretary ' for the
Colonies, etc., because it is recognized as
impossible that an appeal to the country
can be much longer delayed and the gen
eral opinion is that in the present shat
tered condition of the Unionist party the
Liberals will be returned to power.
mier Balfour and his brother Gerald left
for their home at Whlttlngham early in
the afternoon, it was thought that noth
ing would occur for a day or so. Lato in
the evening, however, the King's accept
ance of the resignations of Chamberlain,
Ritchie and Lord George Hamilton ar
rived from Balmoral, enabling the Pre
mier's secretary to make the official an
nouncement.
Mrs. Eaton is a member of one of the
pioneer # families of this section) ..Her
father was a man of great wealth and the
family is well known throughout the
Euae.
Eaton is one of the best-known civil en-,
gineers in this part of the State and -for
years was chief engineer of the Los An
geles City Water Company before the
city acquired that property. lie served
two terms as City Engineer and in IS3S
was elected Mayor of Los Angeles "and
swerved two years.
Mrs. Eaton, when seen at her home In
Sant* Monica to-night at first refused to
make any statement, but finally said that
the had consented to the divorce because
her life had been made unbearable by
her husband. Asked as to the cause of
the separation ehe hesitated, and then,
bursting into tears, uttered the one word,
"Whisky." and refused to say more. It
has long been known that Eaton drank
heavily at times, but it was not known
that his habits had led to domestic
trouble.
When seen to-night Mr. Eaton stated
that th« di%-orce was a matter about
•which he did not care to talk, but he add
ed that there was nothing sensational
about the allegation*. He stated that the
cause assigned was general incompatibil
ity and that no questions as to the di
vision cf property entered Into the case.
That had been arranged out of court.
There was no contest, Mrs. Eaton being
willing that her husband should | eecure
the decree because she did not desire to
make application for divorce. Eaton en
tered into a contract with her, by the
terms of which he surrenders custody of
the children and permits her to educate
them as the may see fit.
Special Dispatch to Tb« Call.
& '
LOS ANGELES. Sept. 17.— Former May
or Frederick Eaton has been granted a
divorce from Helen L. Eaton (nee Bur
dlck) and awarded the custody of the
children. An Interlocutory decree was
signed In the Superior Court Tuesday and
every effort was made to keep the matter
a secret, not even the filing of the com
plaint being known to the most Intimate
friends cf th« parties.
COLONIAL, SECRETARY, CHANCELLOR OF THE EXCHEQUER AND
SECRETARY FOR INDIA, WHOSE RESIGNATIONS HAVE BEEN AC
CEPTED BY THE KING OF GREAT BRITAIN.
GUP1D FLIES
AND SOCIETY
IS STARTLED
volume xcrr— >o. no.
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY,, SEPTEMBER 18, 1903.
The San Francisco CallNORFOLK, Va., Sept. 17,-An unknown
schooner is laboring off Cape Henry with
a rua rt of h«r fnremajit enno.
Unknown Vessel in Distress.
' ELIZABETH CITY. N. C, Sept. 17.—
The steamer Alma and the freight depot
of the Norfolk and Southern Railroad
burned last night Loss, $100,000. A deck
hand Is reported missing and several per
sons were hurt through a powder explo
sion.
Steamship and Freighthouse Burned.
NORFOLK, Va., Sept. 17.— The torpedo
boat Lawrence has arrived from the north
with port bow plates buckled and smash
ed and a foot of water in the aft engine
room and officers' quarters. She waa hit
by a storm off Delaware Breakwater. No
one aboard was lost, but the bridge was
swept away.
Torpedo Boat Damaged.
DAMARISCOTTA, Me., SeptJ 17.-The
schooner Sadie and Llllie of Prospect, Me,,
and the mackerel seiner Georgre L. Ed
wards of Gloucester were wrecked on
Pcmaquil Point last night arid fifteen lives
were lost.
Schooner and Fishing Craft Wrecked
on Maine's Coast.
FTFTEEN LIVES LOST.
ATLANTIC CITY, N. J., Sept. 17.-An
entire train with its passengers is report
ed by Brigantine life savers as lost on
the Meadows somewhere between Brigan
tine Junction, on the main line of the
ENTIRE TBAIN IS MISSING.
Fears That It Has Met Disaster on a
Long Trestle.
GUTHRIE. O. T., Sept. 17.— Colonel Jowph
F. Swords of SurlphurUe to-day received his
commission, signed by Secretary of the Interior
Hitchcock, as jB£ctal Inspector of the Inrtlan
service in chaH&of the Surlphurlte Reserva
tion, tm
NEW YOBK BANKERS WILL
TBAVEL IN GRAND. STYLE
Charter Luxurious Special Train to
Convey Them to Convention to
Be Held Here.
NEW YORK, Sept. 17.-Under the super
vision of the New York Central and Hud
son River Railroad a special train for
New York City, group No. 8, New York
State Bankers' Association, will leave the
Grand Central station on October 13 for
San Francisco, where a meeting will be'
held from October 20 to 23. The itinerary
Includes stops at all points of interest be
tween New York and San Francisco. Tho
train will be one of the finest ever run
over the New York Central and Lake
Shore railroads and is called "De Luxe."
It is equipped with electric lights, electric
fans, library and every convenience and
luxury known to modern railway travel.
Young Society Man Kills Himself.
LINCOLN, Neb., Sept. 17.— Hugh Ed
mlston, a young society man of Lincoln,
was found dead In his office early this
morning. He had turned on three gas
jets and the fumes ended his life. Edmls
ton wa3 23 years of age and was
a member of the insurance firm of J. M.
Kdmiston & Son. Members of the family
believe' there wae a love affair and he
was disappointed.
LIVERPOOL, Sept. 17.— The failure of John
TVrlgley & Sons, a firm prominent In the cotton
trade, was announced to-day. The house. It
waa stated, had sustained heavy losses In. trad.j
and could not meet the differences in the clear
ing-house. •- '
basis, however, all i3 speculation. :
Chamberlain is at Birmingham, where,
strangely enough, his resignation was a
greater surprise even than In London.
He is apparently busily engaged in pre
paring his campaign, but declined last
night to make any public statement
The bye-election in the constituency of
St. Andrews. -Scotland, to replace a Lib
eral-Unionist, Henry Torrens Anstruther,
who has been appointed to a Government
directorship in the Suez Canal Company,
which was held to-day, resulted in a
Liberal victory, Captain • Ellice being
elected with 1324' votesr'agsrmst~lS88- given
to Major Anstruther Thompson, Unionist.
The election was fought with unparalleled
keenness on the fiscal and educational
question and the report of the South
African war commission.
TEXT OF COBBESPONDENCE.
Exchange of Views Between Cham
berlain and Balfour.
LONDON, Sept. 17.— The official an
nouncement of the resignations of Cham
berlain and two other/members of the
Cabinet was made to-night at Downing
street In the following communjeation:
The following Ministers have tendered their
resignations, which havejbeen accepted by the
King: Right Hon. Joseph Chamberlain. Secre
tary for the Colonies; Right Hon. C. T Ritchie.
Chancellor of the Exchequer, and Lord George
Hamilton. Secretary for India.
The accompanying correspondence passea t>e
tween the Premier. Right Hon. A. J. Balfour,
and Mr. Chamberlain:
Then follows Chamberlain's letter, dat
ed Birmingham, September 9, commenc
ing "i|y Dear Balfour," in which he
sets forth his reason for resignation. An
extremely interesting feature of the let
ter is the following statement concern
ing a preferential tariff:
For the present, at any rate, a preferential
tariff agreement with our colonies, involving
any new duty, however small, on p.rtlclea of
food hitherto untaxed. even If accompanied .by
a reduction Of taxation on other articles of
food equally universal in their competition,
would not be acceptable to the majority of the
constituencies. However much we may regret
the decision, however mistaken we may think it,
no good government in a democratic country
can ignore it. 1 feel, therefore, that as an Im
mediate practical policy the question Of pref
erence to the colonies cannot be pressed with
any hope of success at the present time, al
though there Is a very strong feeling In favor
of the ether branch of fiscal reform ¦ which
would give fuller discretion to the Government
In negotiating with foreign countries for a
freer exchange of commodities and which would
enable our remesehtatives to retaliate If no
concession was made to our Just demands.
If as I believe, you share these "views, it
seems to me that you will be absolutely Justi
fied in adopting them as the policy of your
Government, although it will necessarily In
volve some changes in the constitution. Aa
Secretary of the Colonies during the last eight
years I have been Jn a special sense the repre
sentative of the policy of a closer union, which
I firmly believe to be equally necessary in the
interests of the colonies and ourselves.
I believe It 1» possible to-day and may be Im
possible to-morrow to make/ arrangements for
such a union. I have had unexampled oppor
tunities of watching events and appreciating
the feelings of- our kinsmen beyond the seas.
I stand, therefore, in a different position to any
'of my colleagues, and I think that I should
Justly be blamed If I remained In office and
thus formally accepted the exclusion from my
political programme of so Important a part
I think that, with absolute loyalty to your
Government and with no fear of embarrassing
It In any way. I can best promote the cause I
have laid aside, and I cannot but hope that in
a perfectly independent position my arguments
may be received with less prejudice than when
they attach to those of a party leader. Ac
cordingly I would suggest that you limit the
present policy of the Government to an asser
tion of our freedom in the case of all commer
cial relations with foreign countries and that
you should agree to my tendering my resigna
tion of my present office to his Majesty and de-
Voting myself to the work ot explaining and
popularizing these principles of Imperial union
which experience has convinced me are essen
tial to our future welfare and prosperity. Yours
very sincerely. JOSEPH CHAMBERLAIN.
The first portion of this letter refers to
Chamberlain's first speech on the subject
at Birmingham and Balfour*s reply to the
corn deputation. Chamberlain says that
neither of them was intended to provoke
a purely party controversy. He points
out the unyielding opposition of the Lib
eral party, which scouted the idea that a
system generally accepted In 1848 could
possibly require modification in 1903.
Meanwhile the advocates of reconsidera
tion were at a great disadvantage, owing
to the admitted differences of opinion in
side the party. The political organization
of the party waa paralyzed. Chamberlain
declares that unscrupulous use has been
made of the old cry of the "dear loaf
and that serious prejudice has been
created. In the rest of the letter he goes
briefly over the same ground regarding
protection v«s . did Balfour in his recent
statement.!!* " -
Balfour, in a letter to Chamberlain dat
ed September 16, explaii.s that he did not
reply earlier because he, knew he would
soon have an opportunity of talking over
Although no bodies have been washed
ashore there is little doubt that seven
lives were lost in the numerous w.-»cks
along the Brooklyn water froti. in
Wednesday's storm.
It is estimated that between Canarsie
and Fort Hamilton three hundred craft
of various kinds were lost, and the dam
age is placed at $250,000.
NEW YORK, Sept. 17.— Following
Wednesday's hurricane came another se
vere storm to-day. In New York City
the gale blew at the rate of sixty-seven
miles an hour, which was stronger than
yesterday's gale. The damage was not so
widespread, however, because the storm
did not last so long.
At least half a dozen men were drowned
from fishing schooners that arrived to
day, and it is feared that many more
met a similar fate, as many schooners
are missing, Eeveral of which are known
to have foundered. Among the men who
were drowned were Captain John M. Mor
gan and Fishermin Ned Peterson of the
schoone.r M. A.' Baston and Captain
Latham and Fishermen Peter Barr and
Lewis Wilcox of the schooner Esther and
Anita.
New York Swept by Gale Stronger
Than Wednesday's.
HURRICANE IS RENEWED.
NEW HAVEN. Conn.. Sept. 17.— A de
layed communication received from West
port to-niffht says a large ; three-masted
whoonor went on the rocks at Dry -Reef
last night. When last seen the waves
were bivakin? over the vessel and 7 five
mon could be seen from shore, but- the
tumbling sea makes Jt impossible . to
launch a boat to go to the rescue of the
mariners in distress. The schooner is
about two and a half miles from shore.
As soon as the storm abates an attempt
will be made to reach the stranded vessel.
The proppects of the schooner riding out
the Etorm are very poor. . -
Hescuers Cannot Beach the Crew of
a Doomed .Vessel. > ¦
SCHOONEB. OH- THE HOCKS.
OGDEN. Utah. Sept. 17. — Chief Engineer
Wolcott. head of the United States Geological
Survey, has received a letter from the Peruvian
Government asking that he appoint two engi
neers to take charge of the reclamation work in
Peru. The positions are permanent and carry
a largo salary-
ROCKY FORD, Colo., Sept. 17.-A kill
ing frost destroyed the canteloupe crop
in the vicinity of Rocky Ford last night.
The loss may reach a quarter of a million
dollars.
Frost Destroys the Canteloupes.
What of the future? Have we completed our
work? By ho means— It is only well begun.
The nresent policy of national irrigation rep
resents only an experimental stage of the
work. The reclamation fund contains to-nay
merely a bagatelle — ten: to" fifteen millions dol
lars. With that we can make a few Bamples.
but we cannot begin to supply the demand
for irrigated homesteads which already presses
upon us, to eay nothing : of the incalculable
demands of the future. /
We must spend as much In building homes
as we cheerfully spend in building navies — as
much In organizing the armies of peace as we
spend in ftialntalning the armies of war — as
much in averting the menace of foes at home
(the foe* of want, of land-hunger,, of crav
ing for economic independence) as we would
spend In repelling the invasion of foreign foes.
How much money we -must ultimately, have
we do not Dretend'to say:- but this we will
promise: • That for every dollar we receive for
national irrigation, for national forestry," for
national home building, we will return . many
dollars in taxes, direct and indirect, to county.
State and nation. - and . many more dollars in
fioctel and economic' rains which no «ntn«rv
The six great landmarks in Irrigation
hietory, as described by the speaker, were
the report of Major John W. Powell on
"Lands- of the Arid Region." 1879: the
birth of the national irrigation movement
through the Salt Lake convention. 1891;
the report of Captain Hiram M. Chitteir
den on "Reservoirs of the Arid Region,"
1897; the organization of the aggressive
propaganda among commercial Interests,
1898; the President's message, 1901, . and
the passage of the Hansborough-New
lands bill 1902. He proceeded as. follows:
George H. Maxwell of the National Ir
rigation Association spoke on "The Vic
tories of Peace." Right here the fight on
the land law question was brought be
fore the convention. Maxwell brought the
delegates to their feet In an eloquent plea
to act not for themselves but for future
generations, and the irrigation expert was
wildly cheered when he concluded.
William E. Smythe of San Diego, Cal.,
originator of the National Irrigation Con
gress from which the present movement
has grown, delivered an address entitled,
"The Influence of Irrigation oh the Amer
ican* Ideal." He paid a tribute to the
Utah pioneers as the fathers of the irri
gation industry among English speaking
men, and then sketcned the influence of
irrigation and the environment of the
arid region on social life and industrial
organization. He predicted a very high*
development of co-operation as the out
come of natural conditions in the West.
This is already seen in the management
of the water supply and will extend in
all directions.
The Anheuser-Busch cup fof the best
display of hops was awarded to McNeff
Bros, of North Yaklma, Wash., and the
Pabst cup for the best barley exhibit
from the arid States was given to the
Manhattan Malting Company of Manhat
tan, Mont. The sugar beet award may
not be made until Saturday, as an elabo
rate system of testing is being made.
At the evening session the congress ac
cepted an invitation to visit on next Sat
urday the Agricultural College at Logan,
Utah, and the great irrigation works of
the Bear River Valley. Frederick W.
Taylor, chief of the department of agri
culture at the world's fair, St. Louis, then
spoke on agriculture under Irrigation as
shown at the world's fair.
WORK IS 0NLYWE1L BEGUN.
of officers presented will j be . adopted by
the congress by a unanimous vote.
The corilln moth ruined the chances of
Vtah to win the Clark tup for the fruit
exhibit of the arid States display. Al
though the exhibit-was by far the most
elaborate, the examining board promptly
turned it down on discovering the moth
ahd the beautiful trophy .was awarded to
Idaho.
Adjournment was then taken until 9
a. m. to-morrow, when the speeches of
the agricultural bureau experts will be
heard. Vt" !¦>•;•
Brief addresses were also made by Con
gressman F. E. Brooks of Colorado and
Thomas H. Means of the Bureau of Soils
Fresno, Cal;
This assertion of national power In the cre
ation and manncement of public utilities
this expenditure of national capital for the
direct and lasting benefit of the masses— Is
the most monotonous step in our social his
tory since the abolition of negro slavery We
are applying new principles to the problems
of our new century. Carried to their logical
conclusion, they mean a new birth of Instltu-
Ml't' bU , n U° n th .? ««««"«» of the nation's
right and the nation's duty to do for Its peo
ple whatever shall be necessary to their great
est happiness and their truest welfare In
the hour of peril it will be the derided desert
which shall save the republic by keeping It
true to its primitive ideals, set to the music
ot s. r.ew tune.
can figure and no imagination exaggerate.
But in order to do this there is one thing
which we must first accomplish. Wo have
outgrown our present land laws. We got them
at a time when the "West was looked upon as
a sort of stepchild of tho republic, when these
young States were compelled to wear tha cast
ore garments of their elder Bisters, regardless
or nt and regardless of appearance. We' want
a new twentieth century euit of land laws
made to fit small farms and real homeseek
ers anu home . builders. And we mu8t have
tnis new design before all the material Is ex
hausted and our beautiful arid America left
naked to her enemies.
WELL KNOWN CITIZENS WHO ARE TAKING A PROMINENT PART
IN 'THE DELIBERATIONS OF THE NATIONAL IRRIGATION CON
GRESS, WHICH IS HOLDING DAILY. SESSIONS IN OGDEN.
The train, which Is the only one on the
road, is supposed to have left the junc
tion at 5:30 p. m. and should have arrived
at Brigantinue within an hour. Part of
its way lay across a trestle bridge nearly
two miles long over the grassy bay. That
part of the country is entirely deserted at
present and fears are entertained that
some accident has befallen the train at
that point.
Reading road from Philadelphia to this
city. ' and the terminus of the road at
Erigantine Beach. Searching parties have
left Brigantine to look for the missing
train,' and friends of the passangers
aboard are much worried over its non
appearance.
LONDON, Sept. 17.— The probating of
LiO'i-d Salisbury's will i to-day showed that
be left an estate valued at |1,K1,6SO.
r Lord Salisbury's Will Is Probated.
Ten of the; crew were picked up 6ft An
geitea, N. J., and three are missing and
supposed to be lost.
Spartan Picked Up.
LEWES. Del.. Sept.' 17".— Captain Chan
<!kr and Mate Nelson, of the sunken tug
Spartan were landed here to-day by the
steam pilot boat Philadelphia. Jhe tu;
in the height of the gale let go-'of three
barges vrhicn the had in tow. At the
Fame time heavy seas made her unman
ageable and she sank. The crew were
washed overboard, ar.d all clung fo such,
cliji'cts us could be caught..
Captain Chandler secured a piece of
Frantling. He drifted out to sea and was
p:ck«d up by the tug Luykens- last n'ght
after clinging to the frail board thirteen,
hours. Mate Nelson caught hold 'of Ihe
tug's, small beat and held on to the bot
tom until picked up by ihe outward tioi/nd
Rteam<r Kinsman at about tbe-same t.mo
Buth v.ere put on the Philadelphia and
landed here. The men were barely alive
when rescued. ;•'•.—
Captain, Mate and Ten Seamen of the
OHXY THREE ARE MISSING.
Continued From Page 1, Column 4.
No arrests in the postottlce indictment
cases were reported up to 11 o'clock to
night. It is said in some quarters that
the two persons indicted are now outside
of Washington. It is known that Proctor
Mercer, who ha-* taken a prominent part
tnrougnout the postal investigation, left
here to-night for New York.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 17.— The two per
sons indicted to-day aW declared to be
from New York, but the department this
time is determined that arrests shall be
made before the names of the defendants
are published.
One of the high functionaries of the Re
publican National Committee, it is said, is
coming to Washington to declare war on
San Francisco postoffice officials because,
it is alleged in testimony given by some
of them before Mr. Bristow, they made
free use of this man's name with schemes
which have been declared <;uestionable by
Pojjifoffice Department officials.
Will Declare War on San Francisco
Postoffice Officials.
POLITICIAN ANGERED.
BRITISH CABINET CRISIS.
The committee on resolutions of the Na
tional Irrigation Congress to-morrow will
recommend the election of the following
officers for the ensuing year: President,
W. A. Clark, Montana;- first vice presi
dent, L. W. Shuttliff. Utah; second vice
president, W. C. Johnston, Denver." Colo. ;
third vice president, John: Hall, Texas;
secretary," H. B. Maxson, Reno, Nev. *
There was no opposition to the re-elec
tion of Senator Clark as president of the
coneress. and it is expected -that the" list
OFFICERS ARE NOMINATED.
Resolutions of indorsement of Secretary
Wilson's views on irrigation and thanks
for his address were unanimously
adopted.
Secretary of Agriculture Wilson "was
then introduced amid a great outburst of
applause to speak on the work of the
Department of Agriculture regarding ir
rigation. ; / . ; ¦
When the congress convened at 10
o'clock scarcely half the delegates were
in their seats, the fight for next year's
convention and over the action to be
taken on the land laws proving of more
interest to a majority. Senator Francis
G. Newlands of Nevada was the first
speaker. He spoke on "State Co-opera
tion with National Irrigation."
Mr. Newlands remarked that one of the
difficulties in framing the national irri
gation act was the unwillingness of cer
tain of the arid States/which had already
placed their systems of Irrigation under
the direction of State boards of control
and State engineers, to yield to any legis
lation which gave the Federal sfuthori
ties any right to interfere with State con
trol. He then described the working of the
Nevada laws, which secured the co-op
eration of the irrigation system of the
State and which placed the streams In
entire control of the Government while
the work of construction was going on
The State administration moves along the
same grooves and in harmony with the
nation, and so when the Government
turns control over to the State, as pro
vided in the Irrigation act,' the State Bu
reau will be thoroughly organized, pos
sessed of all the data, Information and
plans necessary to go on with the work
of administration, and even of construc
tion, if any is necessary.
Almost the entire body of delegates
took carriages this afternoon for the
model farm of forty acres conducted by
the State at the Deaf, Dumb and Blind
Institution. The entire tract has been de
voted to experiments In various methods
of irrigation, and the delegates tramped
over the grounds, examining with much
interest the work done by the State.
SENATOR NEWXANDS SPEAKS.
Practical illustrations of what irriga
tion will do for Western land and the best
methods of ' supplying the needed mois
ture to the arid stretches of the "Wes^ as
well as the theoretical science of irriga
tion, were set before the delegates at to
day's session. The morning session was
almost entirely devoted to the reading of
papers by Government exports in irriga
tion and forestry, headed by Secretary of
Agriculture James Wilson.
Late this afternoon, however, a move
ment started by members of the Oregon
delegation to bring the congress to the
Northwest rapidly crystallized.
The fight for the honor of entertaining
the National Irrigation Congress in 1904
has been quite bitter. To-night the situ
ation seems to be El Paso against the
field, with the field of unknown strength.
Friends of the Texas city confidently
claim a victory on the first ballot, assert
ing that more than 200 delegates have
pledged their support to El Paso.
EXPERTS FURNISH PAPERS.
j GDEN, Utah\ Sept, 17.— That there
ft II yiri^ b^ a determined fight in the"
\V JJ National Irrigation Congress fa-
voring the repeal or modification
I of the existing land laws was
made evident to-day. The committee on
resolutions after practically an all-day
session found itself hopelessly divided on
two of three great questions before it—
the desert land act and the commutation
clause of the homestead act — and to-mor
row majority and minority reports will
be presented on the action recommended
by the committee. The vote on these two
questions was 12 for and 9 against. The
sentiment in favor of the repeal of the
timber and stone act, under which, the
opinion was expressed, great frauds were
being perpetrated against the Govern
ment, was almost unanimous. Nevertheless
on this, as well as on other recommenda
tions, a sharp fight will be waged, with
the outcome in doubt. The Idaho delega
tion held a caucus this afternoon and in
structed Congressman French to lead the
light against action in favor of the re
peal of the existing laws, ajnd' members
of other Northwestern delegations are
also preparing to oppose to the last any
such action. An attempt it is stated will
be made to bring the subject before the
congress the moment next year's meeting
place, the vote on which will be taken
immediately on reconvening to-morrow
morning 1 , has been decided upon, and pro
tracted debate is looked for before the
National Irrigation CongresB takes its
stand as a body on the existing national
land laws. ,
BERLIN, Sept. 17.— An electric car ran
at the rate of 106 4-5 miles per hour on
the Zossen military road yesterday, said
to be the highest speed ever attained.
The engineers in charge of the experiment
expect that 123 miles an hour will be
reached.
Electric Car Attains High Speed.
Hallo Rf yaraberay by tbe merest eh.ince
became entangled in sorie loose rigr^ini?
J-nd Fpars. The buoyancy' of these
brought him to the surface and he made
himself fast to the largest spar. For
ne\vn hours he floated in a turbulent fea
i^ntil finally the Roxby hove into sight
H:s rescue was a daring -one. •
The Mtxicano's captain was R. S. King
and the Kingr Line (Ltd.) of Middlesbor
cugh tf Kngland, owned the lost vessel.
The rescued man pays hundreds of gal
l'>ns of oil were poured over the ship's
fcide in a vain attempt to calm the sea,
;;nd, if possible, save the ship. When the
Mexicano wont down the crew went with
her. All of the boats had lonp before
been rrushed by the force of the waves
and the men were powerless to save
th»*rriselvf s.
The Spaniard, thrnuph an interpreter,
told of the Mexfcano's sinking. The
steamer was hound from Philadelphia for
Tarnploo and Vera Cruz, with a cargo of
petroleum in bulk, when the full force of
the hurricane broke urn,n her. Mountain
cm eeas broke constantly ever the ship
sn<1 finally one high wave crashed
through her decks. The fireroom was
flnodod ar.d the Mfxicano became help-
Ws. For a few moment? s=he wallowed in
the trouph of the sea and then plunged
to the bottom.
crs in the Vidar's lifeboat could hardly
k»*cp him from jumping overboard.
The Mexicaro was a tank steamer and
«arried a crew of twenty-two men, be
tides the captain.
NORFOLK. Va.. Sept. 17.— The British
Roxby. Captain Shields, which
arrived h<-re to-<lay from Port .English,
has on board Domingo Ballo Reyarab
<ray, a survivor of the crew of
twenty-two men on the British ship Mexi
cano. which foundered with all on board
off the Carolina coast Tuesday night. Rey
arabpray caught a piece of wreckage and
rnanagr-d to ke<?p up until ho was seen
yesterday morning by the Roxby and
rescued.
Continued From Pag-e 1, Column 5.
The wedding was performed by the Rev.
Duncan Wallace of the Cumberland Pres
byterian Church and was witnessed by
\V. Parker Lyon, president of the Fresno
Automobile Club, in whose big racing car
the ceremony was performed, and by S.
N. Grifflth.
FRESNO, Sept. 17. — Speeding out Kear
ny avenue in an automobile at the rate of
thirty miles an hour, I. C. . Woodward
and Mrs. A. Franklin, both of Los An
geles, to-night clasped hands and prom
ised to love, cherish and honor each other
until death. , ; ...
Los Angeles Couple Marry in ''Fresno;
While Going Thirty Miles
an Sour. . ,
SPEEDING AUTOMOBILE
SERVES FOB, . AN ALTAB
The time .required for the trip early
in the summer by Dr. H. Nelson Jackson'
in a 'Winton automobile .was sixty-five;
days, while E. T. Fetch, in a Packard/
traveled the route in sixty-one , days.
The Journey of nearly 5000 miles from
San Francisco wa3 made in seventy-three
days elapsed , % time and fifty-seven days
on which runs were made. '
NEW YORK. Sept. 17.— Another trans
continental party of automobile tourists
arrived In New York to-day. It was the
third on record and in some respects the
most remarkable of tbo three. E. T.
Hammond and L. L. Whitman of Pasa
dena, Cal., were the tourists and .the ma
chine that carried them was a little Olds
mobile gasoline runabout of five horse
power and 800 pounds in weight. .'
Special Dispatch to The Call.'
SCORES DIE IS THE SEAS
CHICAGO, Sept. 17.— The physicians at
tending E!r Thomas Lipton, who is ill of
eatarrhal appendicitis in his apartments
in the Auditorium Annex, reported late
to-night that the patient's condition was
t/r.tirely satisfactory. The crisis is ex
pected within the next twenty-four hours.
If no unforeseen Fymploms develop within
that time his speedy recovery is said to
be certain.
A number of messages of sympathy
from New York friends were received last
night and read with pleasure by Sir
Thomas when he awoke this morning.
There will be no further formal consulta
tions of the physicians unless the unex
pected in the form of a charge for tha
Tvors«* occurs. It is still believed that an
operation will be unnecessary, as no pus
J.us formed. ,
i According to the beat Information from
those who were in the conferences to-day
Jett offered through his mother to make
a confession implicating others in the
feud murders In Breathitt County, but he
Insists on saving his uncles, and for this
reason the commonwealth would not ac
cept his overtures. It is said that the
commonwealth's attorneys would not ac
cept anything except a -clean breast of
the whole anair, and they seem to be can
fldent that such a confession will be
forthcoming before the trial is concluded,
as the prisoner believes he has been de
serted by those who were expected to
stand by him.
The feature of the afternoon waa the
testimony of John Patrick, who waa com
pelled to leave Breathltt County because
from his law office, across the street from
the courthouse in Jaclcson. he had wit
nessed the shooting of Cockrill and saw
what occurred after the shooting of Mar
cum.
But the most sensational developments
to-day were outside of the courtroom.
Mrs. Hagins, the mother, of Curtis Jett,
made overtures not only to the attorneys
for the commonwealth, but also to Thom
as Cockrill, a brother of the victim. After
her conference with these persons during
the noon recess she continued them dur
ing the afternoon and evening with Dan
iel Hurst, the father of Mrs. Marcum,
Judge John Patrick and Attorney W. W.
Vaughan, asking them' to intercede for
her son. Another conference is to be held
to-morrow morning, and It is currently
reported that Curtis Jett may then make
a confession.
CTNTHIANA, Ky., Sept. 17.— Taking of
testimony was begun to-day In the case
against Curtis Jett for the killing of Town
Marshal Cockrill In Jackson, Ky., more
than a year ago. In the case against
Jett and White here last month Captain
B. J. Ewen was the only eye-witness that
Commonwealth Attorney Byrd waa able
to Introduce, but to-day he presented
four eye-witheeses, whose testimony cre
ated so much comment as to make the
situation sensational to-night.
p. s. — May I say with what gratification.
both on personal and p«bllc grounds. I learn
that Austen Chamberlain Is ready to remain
a member of the Government? There could be
no more conclusive- evidence that in your judg.
ment.-as in mine, the exclusion of the taxation
of food from the party programme is. in the
existing circumstances, a course best fitted
practically to further the cause of fiscal re
form.
"Therefore this reply." he saye, "rather
embodies the results cf our conversations
than adds anything new to them." Bal
four continues:
Agreeing as I <Jo with you that the time,
has come when n change should be made In th«
fiscal canons by which we bound ourselves
in our commercial dealings with other Gov
ernment* it seems paradoxical. Indeed, that
you should leave the Cabinet at the same time
that others of my colleagues are leaving It
who disagree on the very point with us both.
Tet I cannot but adroit that there is some.
forc« In your arguments in support of that
course based as they are upon your special
and personal relation with that portion of tha
controversy which deals with colonial prefer
ence. You have done more than any man,
living or dead, to bring home to tha citizen*
of the empire the consciousness of Imperial
obligation and Interdependence between the
various fragments into which the empire la
geographically divided.
I believe you to be right in holding that thla
interdependence should find expression in our
commercial as well as our political and mil
itary relations. I believe with you that a
closer fiscal union between the mother coun
try and the colonies would benefit the trade,
of both. and. If such closer unton could bo
established on fitting terms, advantages to
both parties would increase with years and as
the colonies grew in wealth and population.
If there has ever been any difference be
tween us in connection with this matter it ha*
only been with regard to the practicability
of the proposal which would seem to require.
on the part of the colonies, a limitation In the
all-around development fft a protective policy
and, ton the part of this country, the estab
lishment of a preference in favor of important
colonial products. On the first of these re
quirements I uy nothing, but if the second
Involves, as it rdoet certainly does, a taxa
tion, however light, upon foodstuffs. I am
convinced, with you. that public . opinion !«
not yet ripe for such an arrangement. The
reasons may easily be found in past political
battles and present political mi»reprea«nta
tlons.
If then this branch of fiscal reform Is not
at present within the limits of practical poli
tics, you are surely right in your advice not
to treat it as lndlssolubly connected with that
other branch of fiscal reform to which we both
attach importance, and which, we believe, the
country U prepared to consider without pre
judice. I feel, however, deeply concerned that
you should regard this conclusion, however
well founded, as one making It difficult In your
Very special circumstances for you to remain
a member of the Government. Yet I do nut
venture in a matter so strictly personal to raise
any objection If you think you can b«-st servo
the interests of Imperial unity, for which you
have done so much, by pressing your views
on colonial preference with the freedom which
is possible in an Independent position, but
hardly compatible with office.
How can I criticize your determination? The
loss to the Government Is great Indeed, but
the gain to the cause you have at heart may
be greater still. If so. what can I do but
acquiesce? Yours very sincerely.
A. J. BALFOUR.
NEW YORK, Sept. 17.— One of the big
gest coups in Wall street during the re
cent bear raid. It was learned today,
was made by younir Cornelius Vanderbilt.
He cleaned up $10,000,000, using a margin
of $2,000,000. His fortune Is said now to
exceed J20.000.000 in all.
Most of his Wall, street profits were
made in Brooklyn Rapid Transit and
Southern Pacific. He did not touch United
States Steel, avoiding the temptation that
a possibility of a twenty-two point turn
might have civen him. Nor did he sell
short on New York Central, thoush it
dropped steadily from 156 to 120.
The slump la Chicago and Northwest
ern cave him several millions. It gave
him a margin that sent up his profits on
the other stocks in which he was deal-
Ing. He had advisers. Through his uncle,
William K, Vanderbllt, he was brought
Into friendly relations' with John D.
Rockefeller, who has been such a factor
In the bear raid. Rockefeller is said to
have engineered many of young Vander
bilt's short sales and enabled him to make
money In every stock he handled.
the important issues with which the let
ter deals. V '
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Deserted by His Clan, He Is
Ready to Tell of the
Murders.
Say His Speedy Recovery Is
Certain if No Unforeseen
Symptoms Develop.
Make the Journey From This"
City in Fifty-Seven /*¦¦
Running Days.
Acts on Advice Given Him by
Rockefeller ana Wins
Large Fortune.
Curtis Jett May Impli
cate Prominent Ken
tuckians.
Doctors Attending Sir
Thomas Are Greatly
Encouraged.
Young Cornelius Van
derbilt Cleans Up
Ten Millions.
Two Tourists Prom Cal
ifornia Arrive in
New York.
HIS CONDITION
IS SATISFACTORY
CROSS COUNTRY
IN AUTOMOBILE
FEUD ASSASSIN
WILL CONFESS
MAKES BIG COUP
IN WALL STREET
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 18, 1903.
Committee on Resolutions Will Present Majority and
Minority Reports on the Desert Land Act and
the Commutation Clause of the Homestead Law
DELEGATES TO IRRIGATION CONGRESS
ARE DIVIDED ON TWO BIG QUESTIONS
2
Next Sunday
"Chlmmie Fadden's"
Creator,
K.-.W. Torrnnend,
Makes his debut
an a Writer
for the
Next -Sunday Call
With a
Bis Sensation.
Chas. Keiliis & Co.
Ex c 1 u s i v e
H sgh-Qrade Clothiers
:."o Branch Stores. No Agents.
Lvery Thought Is Put
into Men's Clothes Here
That's the Reason Why
Cur Patterns and Styles
Differ From Other Shops
Who Sell Everything
While We Are Exclusive
II Vj) j^L ©
Kearny Street
T-h'u rlow Block
' LEADING BUSINESS COLLEGE OF THiS
WEST. 24 Post at.. San Francisco. Cal.
Established 40 yearn Open entire year.
Writ* for Illustrated catalogue (free).
A FOLYTECHNIC
Jh>\ Buflineas Collei* vtd
JSj-^l Fchool of Engineer-
« Ing. Oakland. Cal.
iP^^J^P^d Largest and b«,t
&vl£ : irT*Gi2 > i £?T «<ju!pp*d school of
3^*1 Jfc'I»-2_9r r '*' e '4l busine*s ihorthaat
' ml V and «~.glne«rlcff went
JKSW-Ssf^SISsftSoc «? Chicago. Perfect
JBBnSkSlCuSmSiSSSSSiSt climate, expenses !o».
aw^TJ^lTr^;^*^? Writ* for free 10O.
page catalcsrue.
ST. JOSEPH'S ACADEMY,
PERALTA PARK. BERKELET.
Bearding and day school for boys under IS ye*r* •
of age. Studies commence MONDAY. August 3L
1803. ' Send for prospectus to Bra Oenebran. -
St. Mary's College,
OAKLAND, CAL.
Etndlea will be resumed MONDAY. August 3,
1903. BRO. ZENONIAN. President.
HENRY J. CALLACHER CO.
iSnccessom to Flannagan & Gallagher.}'
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr.
FUNEKAL, DIRECTORS AND E1IBALMEII&
20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 8a
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
FHneral Directors and Embatmers — «.
Formerly In Metropolitan Temple
Now at 866 MISSION. Tel. South 167.
Between Fourth and Fifth, Near Fifth at.
Finest Equipments at Moderate Rates, '
'iWASHINGTON, Sept. 17.-Postofflce
name changed: California— Stoble, Modoc
County, -to Hackamore; George W. How
ell, Postmaster. Postmaster commission
ed: California— John H. Grimsley, Wood
ville.
Navy orders: Lieutenant Z. E. Brlggs
is detached from the Pensacola, Naval
Training Station,' San Francisco, and goes
to the Wyoming. 7
¦ — --j. —
Of Interest £o People of the Coast
ST. PETERSBURG. Sept. -17.— Fierce
fights between Jews and Christians, in
which four Christians and two Jews were
killed and many persons were seriously
Injured, are reported from Gomela, in the
government of MogbilefT. The disturb
ances occurred on September U and start
ed from a dispute between a peasant and
a Jewish dealer. The police intervened,
and according to the version published
here the Jews, threw stones and fired on
the police, several oC whom were Injured.
The disturbances were renewed three
days later, some Jewish booths being de
molished. The Jews attempted to prevent
the destruction of the booths, and twen
ty persons were Injured on both sides.
Troops then arrived on the scene and
were received with shots from tha Jaw3.
The military returned the fire and Ulti
mately restored order.
VIENNA, Sept. 17.— Emperor Francis
Joseph, who to-day -Sreturned from the
army maneuvers, has Issued an Important
army order, emphatically declaring he
will never consent to the demands of the
Hungarian party, which insists ( on the
use of its own language by officers In giv
ing commands to the Hungarian section
of the forces. The Emperor's army order
caused an Immense sensation in Austria
and In Hungary.
The pathetic assurance that he will
never give up his rights and prerogatives
as chief commander sounds like a war
proclamation against the known Hunga
rian national army demands. The impres
sion caused by the imperial order Is al
most indescribable. Hitherto the Em
peror has been regarded as the most si
lent monarch in Europe.
¦ Never before, even in the gravest con -
SERIOUS RIOTING
IN RUSSIAN TOWN
SILENT MONARCH
FINDS HIS VOICE
LEAVENWORTH, Kans.. Sept. 17.-
Lieutenant Mitchell, Second Infantry, a
student officer in the general service and
staff college, committed suicide at Fort
Leavenworth this afternoon. Lieutenant
Mitchell's wife was In Kansas City spend
ing the day and did not return home until
about 7 o'clock In the evening, when she
found him dead. Lieutenant Mitchell was
married three weeks ago* to Miss Grace
Smith of Guthrle, Q. T. His former post
was Fort D. A. Russell, Wyoming. He
came here two weeks ago to attend the
war college. ' He left no note explaining
his deed. Mitchell enlisted In the army
as a private In the Twentieth Infantry In
1899. He won his straps by distinguished
service in the Philippines.
stitutional conflicts, has he used such lan
guage as contained In to-day's order. It
Is taken elsewhere as being the beginning
of a conflict between the throne and the
Hungarian Parliament.
Lieutenant Mitchell, Who Was Mar
ried Three Weeks Ago, Is Found
Dead in His Home.
OFFICER KILLS HIMSELF
AT FORT LEAVENWORTH
 \ flcial.
LONDON, Sept. 18.— The Russian corre,
spondent of the Times learns that Haki
mel Mulk and his confidential servant
both died what is believed to have been
a violent death within a few hours of
each other. Haklmel had been the Shah's
physician and one of his most trusted of
ficers. He was one of the most serious
rivals to the Grand Vizier.
Tragedy >That May Account for the
Dismissal of Persian Of-
GRAND VIZIER'S RIVAL
1 ' DIES VIOLENT DEATH
BALTIMORE, Md., Sept. 17.— The Re
publican State convention met to-day and
nominated the following State ticket:
Governor, Stevenson A. Williajns; Attor
ney General, George Whitelock; State
Comptroller. L. E. P. Dennis.
The platform Indorses the administra
tion of President Roosevelt and favors
his nomination In 1904. ;
Platform Indorses Administration of
President Roosevelt and Favors
His Nomination in 1004.
MARYLAND REPUBLICANS
NOMINATE STATE TICKET
Wiley thought this declaration too
sweeping. He believes that there are
some genuine chateau and vineyard wines
imported into the United States, > but he
believes that they usually are special im
portations, often made for Individuals,
and that the general buyer seldom gets
good wines. The label looks all right and
the retailer mayjnake customers believe
that— the wine is genuine, but in. most
cases It Is not.
Under the new food exclusion law the
Secretary, of the Treasury is authorized,
on certification from the Secretary of Ag
riculture, to exclude from the United
States food products or beverages that
are adulterated so as to be injurious to
health; that are falsely labeled, or the
sale of which Is prohibited or restricted
In the countries of their origin. The
greatest difficulty in the enforcement of
this law lies in its application to falsely
labeled ¦ wines and liquors. -Chem'cal
analysis is utterly powerless to detect the
difference that exists between high-grade
claret 'of the most celebrated vintage and
the common vintage, yet a difference ex
ists and is what makes bne wine many
times more valuable in the market than
others.' It is equally impossible to detect
blended whisky by ordinary chemical
analysis.
Wiley. is of the opinion that most of the
Scotch whiskies Imported Into the United
States are blended.
Wiley says that one of the leading wine
experts of Europe, whom he consulted
while in London, remarked that "there
are no chateau or vineyard wines shtpped
to the United States. The American peo
ple drink nothing but 'labels.' "
WASHINGTON, Sept. 17.-Prof«ssor
Wiley, chief of the Bureau of^phemistry
of the Department of Agriculture, who
has been abroad on a two months' vaca
tion, has returned and resumed charge of
his experiments with "doctored" and
"preserved" foods. It is the intention of
Wiley to ascertain accurately the effect
on men of good health using food treated
with chemicals.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Few Genuine Wines Are
Shipped In From
Abroad.
There are many qualities which we need
alike In orivate citizen and In public man,
but three above all — three for. the lack of
which no brilliancy and no'genias can atone—
We new! the same type of character now
that was needed by the men who with Wash
ington first inaugurated the system of frte
popular government, the system of combined
liberty and order here on this continent: that
was needed by the men > who under Lincoln
perpetuated ».he government which had thus
been Inaugurated in the days of Washington.
The qualities essential to good citizenship and
to good public service now are in all their
essentials exactly the name as In the days
when the first Congresses met to provide for
the establishment of the Union; as in the
days, reventy years later, when the Con
gresses met which had to provide for its sal
vation. -. «L?>
There was no patent device for securing vic
tory by force ot arms forty years ago; and
there Is no patent device for securing victory
for the forces of righteousness in civil life
bow. In each case the all-Important factor
was and is the character of the individual
man. Good laws in the state, like a good or
ganization in an army, are the expressions of
national character. Leaders will be developed
in military and in civil life alike: and weap
on* and tactics change from generation to
generation, m methods of achieving good gov
ernment change in civic affairs; but the
fundamental qualities which make for good
citizenship do not change any more than the
fundamental qualities which make good sol
diers. In the long run In the Civil War the
thing that counted for more than aught else
was the fact that the average American had
the fighting edge; had within him the spirit
which spurred him on through toil and dan
ger, fatigue and hardship, to the goal of the
rolendld ultimate triumph. So in achieving
good government the fundamental factor must
be the cnaracter of the average citizen; that
average citizen's Dower of hatred for what la
mean and base and unlovely; his fearless
scorn of cowardice and hits determination to
war unyieldingly against the dark and sordid
forceg of evil.
DUTIES OF CITIZENSHIP.
It now rests with us in civil life to make
good by our deeds the deeds which you who
wore the blue did in the great years from '61
to 'OS. The patriotism, the courage, the un
flinching resolution and steadfast endurance of
the soldiers whose triumph was crowned at
Appomattox must be supplemented on our
part by civic courage, civic honesty, cool san
ity, and eteadfast adherence to the immutable
laws of righteousness.
We take just pride in the great deeds of the
men of 1776. but we must keep In mind that
the revolutionary war would have been shorn
of well nigh all its results had the skle or
union and liberty been defeated in the Civil
War. In such ca*e we should merely have
added another to the lamentably long list of
cases in which peoples have shown that after
winning their liberty they* are wholly unable
to mske.cood use of it.
Every friend of liberty, every believer in
self-government, every idealist who wished to
see bis ideals take practical shaj>e, wherever
he might be In the world, knew that the suc
cess of all in which he most believed was
bound up with the success of the Union armies
In that great struggle. 1 confidently predict
that when the final judgment of history is re
corded it will be said that in no other war
of which we have written record was It
more vitally essential for the welfare of man
kind that victory should rest where It finally
rested.
It was because you. the men who wear the
button of the Grand Army, triumphed In those
dark years that every American now holds his
head high, proud in the knowledge that he be
longs to a nation whose glorious past and
great present will be succeeded by an even
mightier future.
GREAT ISSUES AT STAKE.
who fought here forty-one years ago have the
profound satisfaction of feeling that you play
ed well your i>art in one of those crises big
with the fate of all mankind. You men of
the Grand Army by your victory not only
rendered all Americans your debtors for ever
more, but you rendered all humanity your
debtors. If the Union had been dissolved, if
the great edifice built with blood and sweat
and tears by mighty Washington and his cmo
pe«rs had con" down in wreck and ruin, the
result would have been an incalculable calam
ity, not only for our people — and most of all
for those who. In such event would have
seemingly triumphed — but for all mankind.
PARTICIPANTS IN DEDICA
TION OF MONUMENT ON
ANTIETAM BATTLEFIELD.
AMERICANS PAY
FOR THE LABELS
The President passed the evening quiet
ly on his train at this station. Promptly
at 9 o'clock the train pulled out of Sharps
burg. It is due to arrive at Jersey City
to-morrow morning at 6 o'clock. ! The
President and party will go aboard the
naval yacht Sylph at 7 o'clock and ex
pect to arrive at Oyster Bay about 10
o'clock.
President with Governor Murphy, Sena
tors Kean and Dryden and accompanied
by General Carmen, who commanded the
Thirteenth New Jersey Volunteers in the
battle, visited the various points of In
terest on the historic field.
During the drive a singular fnct was
developed by the discussion of the battle.
It was that throughout the ceremonies
of the day, actively participated in en
tirely by citizens of New Jersey, with
the exception of the President, the name
of the commander of the division of
troops in the engagement. General George
B. McClellan, a citizen and afterward the
Governor of the State of New Jersey, was
not mentioned once. Governor Murphy
himself recalled this curious though quite
unintentional lapse and was concerned
deeply about the matter, les{ the omis
sion might be misconstrued. He w&rmly
eulogized McClellan as one of the great
commanders of the war and as a Gov
ernor of which New Jersey had reason
to be proud.
Governor 3Jurphy_ and you. Veterans of New
Jersey, and you. rrn^n of the Grand Army, and
all othens here, l^pr^rt you:
I th.-r.k you of TC.-w Jj-rs^y for the rr.onu
mrnt to the troops of Kttm J<r«y who fought
at Antietatn. and on tx-half of the nation I ac
<*pt the frift. AVe mwt to-day u;*>n one of
the great battle field? cf the Civil War. No
other battle of the Civil War lasting but one
d*y enow* a? great a percentage of loss as
that which occurred here upon the day on
which Anttetam wajs fought. Moreover. In lt»
ultimate tf'flrpots this r>nttl<* wa^ of mom^ntoui 1
nnd even decisive importance, for when It hod
ended and I/ee had r< treated south of the I'o
tomar. Lincoln forthwith published that im
mortal paper, the preliminary d'-claratlon of
emancipation: the paper which decided that the
r-ivll war. besides heine a war for the preser
vation of the I'nion. Fhould be a war for the
emancipation of the slave; so that from that
time onward the causes of union and of free
dom, of national greatness and individual lib
erty, were one end the Fame.
If the Issue of Antictam had been other than
ft ru. it is probable that at least two great
European powers would have recognized the
Independence of the Confederacy; so that you
ACCEPTS GIFT FOR NATION.
Governor Murphy was accompanied by
Senators Kran and Drydon, by several
prominent State officials and by his en
tire military staff. The trip of the
dent from Jersey City was devoid of spe
cial incident. Many stops were made and
Ff-cret service officers were on guard
throughout the niuht.
At 10 o'clock the President and Gover
nor Murphy, accompanied by Senators
Kean and Dryden. the entire party and
hundreds of citizens, left Sharpsburg sta
tion for the famous Dunkard church on
the battlefield of Antielam. There the
brigades of veterans in columns of fours
escorted the President, Governor Murpny
and distinguished guests to the monu
ment. The monument is in the form of
¦ a Corinthian column of granite forty feet
high surmounted by a heroic figure in
bronze of an officer with upraised sword
leading his men in charge. The figure is
intended as a representation of Captain
It ish of the Thirteenth New Jersey Vol
unteors i who was the only New Jersey
offWr killed at Antictam.
After the assembly had been railed to
order by James O. Smith of the New
Jersey Monument Commission and an in
vocation had been pronounced by Rev.
Dr. Frazer of Newark. Mr. Smith re
r-ortfd to Governor Murphy the final work
of the commission. On behalf of the
Ftnte of New Jersey. Governor Murphy
accepted the monument in a brief ad
dress.
President Roosevelt as he arose to ac
cept the monument on behalf of the Fed
eral Government was accorded an ova
tion. He spoke as follows:
State of New Jersey to Its men
vho fell in the srreat engagement was
dedicated to-day. The occasion was ren
dered particularly notable by' the pres
ence at and participation in the ceremo
nies of the President of the United States
and of Governor Murphy, the chief ex
ecutive of the State which was honoring
her heroes.
SHARPSBURG. Md., Sept. 17.-Un
der lowering skies the magnificent
monument erected on the historic
battlefield of Antictam by the
WASHINGTON, Sept. 17.-The Chinese
Minister called at" the State Department
to-day and laid before Acting Secretary
Adee a dispatch which he had recived
from the Chinese Consul General at San
Francisco, detailing an attack made last
night on a number" of Chinese at Tono
uah. Nrv.
The town in which the outrage has
been perpetrated is situated in Nye Coun
ty, Nevafifi, which in the end will proba
bly be called upon to pay indemnity for
the action taken by a few of the citizens
who have carried labor movements and
demonstrations in a high-handed man
ner. It is not believed by Lieutenant
Governor Allen that there will be any
further demonstration out that way, as
by this time the better classes of people
have the situation well in hand.
From the reports received it appears
that the movement for the expulsion of
the Chinese was in the hands of a few and
¦was not the Judgment of the best citi
zens of the camp. The peace officers were
powerless to resist the movement, but
since the expulsion of the Chinese several
of the ringleaders have been placed under
arrest.
HINGLEADEF.S IN JAIL.
As Governor Sparks was absent from
the State attending the National Irri
gation Congress at Ogden, Lieutenant
Governor Allen replied to the above tele
gram as follows:
CARSON CITT. Sept. 17. 1903.
To the Acting Secretary or State. Washing
ton, D. C. : Your telegram concerning the ex
pulsion of the Chinese from Tonopah has been
received. No official knowledge or complaints
have been presented to this offico. The matter
will be investigated according to law
? LEU ALLEN,
Lieutenant and Acting Governor.
His Excellency the Governor of Nevada, ,Car
son City: The Chinese Minister informs rr.e of
a telegram received from Tonopah, Nev., say
ing that on the night of Tuesday, the 15th, the
labor unions drove the Chinese people out °"
the town. Seven or eight were badly Injured,
one old man Is nearly dead and four are ml8s
lng. You are requested to take step3"for prompt
Investigation and due protection for the suffer
ers. AL.VET A. ADEE.
Acting Secretary of State.
CARSON. Nev., Sept. 17.— Meager de
tails of the outrage at Tonopah have been
received. Four of the Chinese who were
included in the expulsion are missing and
as the country they have to travel over
is desert it may be possible that they
have perished. That the Chinese know
something of their rights in a matter of
this character can be judged from the
fact that the Chinese Consul General at
San Francisco has already placed the
matter in the hands of the Washington
authorities and matters are already mov
ing for a thorough investigation of the
affair. The following despatches have
been received in this city: y
.WASHINGTON. D. C. Sept. 17. 190.1.
"Resolved, That the citizens of Tonopah
view with horror and denounce in un
measured terms the outrages and brutal
acts which according to all the present
evidence have been committed; that the
citizens of Tonopah regard this act as
not alone an atrocious violation of the
law, but also a heinous crime against in
offensive people, against humanity and
civilization; that the people of Tonopah
will support the officers of the law in all
possible ways in their efforts to bring the
criminals to justice."
REQUEST FOR GOVERNOR!
At a meeting of citizens, at which 1000
or .more were present, a committee was
appointed to frame resolutions denun
ciatory of the action of the mob. The
committee reported as follows:
, "Whereas, At a mass-meeting of the
citizens of Tonopah, Nev., held pursuant
to the call on Wednesday, September 16,
1803, a committee was authorized and ap
pointed to adopt resolutions denouncing
the action cf the mob which raided the
Chinese quarter of Tonopah on the night
of September 15, 1903, murdered an inof
fensive Chinaman, beat, mutilated and
terrorized a number of others and robbed
and otherwise maltreated them; therefore
we, the committee so appointed, hereby
present the following resolutions as ex
pressive of the sentiment of the people of
Tonopah in denunciation of said mob and
its atrocious work:
TONOPAH, Nev., Sept. 17.— The people
here are thoroughly aroused to the se
riousness of a mob's action on the night
of September 15. when an effort was made
to drive the Chinese from town. One old
Chinese was murdered, several were beat
en and robbed and others may be dead on
.the deiert. Information has reached here
that trie Chinese Minister at Washington
has asked for an investigation.
One Thousand Citizens of the Mining
Town Hold a Mass-Meeting and
Denounce the Recent
Lawlessness.
Crime of a Mob Stirs the
Oriental Officials to .
Action.
Acting Secretary of
State Wires Nevada's
. Governor.
and those thrf/ are courage, honesty and
common-sense. '
Benediction was pronounced by Rev.
William H. MpCornjack of New Jersey,
a veteran chaplain.
When President Roosevelt was speaking
rain began to fall in torrents. The stand
had a. canvas cover, but the water went
through It as If It were a sieve. When
a bystander offered to hold over him an
umbrella the President waved it aside,
remarking:
"I don't care for it. If (indicating the
assemblage) they can stand It, I can."
VISITS POINTS OF INTEREST.
During the afternoon the rain ceased
and the sun came out. brilliantly. The
Chief Executive Accepts on Behalf of the Nation
the Monument Erected by State of New Jersey
to Her Sons Who Fell in the Great Engagement
CHINA WHITS
AN INQUIRY
AT T0N0PAH
HISTORIC BATTLEFIELD OF ANTIETAM
IS VISITED BY PRESIDENT ROOSEVELT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY; SEPTEMBER 18. 1903.
3
- Recollections . %
and
Reflection!
of the
Bonanza - *ir«,
who nut a
Girdle of Kold
Around the rvorld.
By Thomas Fitch,
The Silver-tongued Orator,
Ileitins In
Kext Sunday's Call.
ADVEBTISE3KENTS.
BREWSTER'S
— *
MILLIONS
FOR SALE
In Book Form
ALL BOOK STOBES
\ BUY IT TO-DAY
There are other pure spices
perhaps; Schilling's Best are
pure without the perhaps.
Your grocer's; money back.
ADVERTISEMENTS. W3Sk
CoS§nfiM2iE2SnHBfi^^B& B £\k "ssf^l ssO» 1 1 i^a^f a m sf^ II
si _ T*ffp^*jBffigy ? TT^% i^p^ m^ iw^^BB* A ,i^Tr'\
iS^^^^^^^K^^^ffl, have an immense assortment, com-
prising every weave > style nd price -
In particular we mention our 'ToUr-
ist"-a new coat we have brought out
It's certainly a swell garment for
|^^^^^Sp|^y^ the money. It is made of all wool
Wlm c heviot in loose effect and is fully
SK^^^^Pii 11111 inches ' n l en gth. It has a re-
'' - ¦¦-':^^S^Sil| Wm§ movable belt strap in back and is styl-
WiS^^S^^i^^S^ft ish in the extreme, while the price
'ttlfMi^^^il^S^S ma kes it .easily afforded by any one.
W|i^^^^^tt^»^fe Our m aker-to-wearer price is $10.
g;llSi|-H?^^^|^^^ftl If you want to buy a new pair of
I i§f I > '^^S^^P P ants the b est n^ to d° is to oc !^
¦ 'H WSFSv'^i|p|l|l^^^^p over our assortment. Here you will
S^S : P)Sj^^^i|^S^Sl fi°d just what you want in pattern,
3 SS^^^^wP8| :^^^ style, size and price. They rang^from
If you have been accustomed to
;^^ iili wearing suits at $ 1 2.50 or $ 1 > .00 come
'^MWi sSii ' n anc * see ie ones we se^' or §9-
I!!! ~^ ey are mac * e . * n cheviots, serges,
fS **S thibets and cassimeres and no doubt,
|tf® Hakf©^- you w^ inc ' em e 9 ua l to garments
* - J^$0^ for which you have paid at least $12.50.
¦F^ I Money for Mothers
Friday and Saturday will be money- ilillk
saving days for mothers looking for extra
good values in boys' and children's clothing. S^^^^p
To make room for our fall stock which is llfeSirP^
crowding us we will close out a few lines y |i^^
Children's sailo.&uits, ages 3 to 11 years, in gray #5?^^^
and brown striped woolen crashes — the kind that /z&&
Boys' Norfolk and double-breasted suits for JiP§J $111 rasP^I
boys from 7 to 15 years, newest Scotch mixtures, J-'^^ r? iul '?&&*( fvt^&lii^
in grays and tans, also navy blue cheviots for $3.50 l^«^^
Boys' three-piece suits in navy blue cheviots, W^k
double or single breasted styles, ages 9 to 15 years, t£$£&5 Jll^'i^&g^&£ %^j*ll tb^V*
Children's top overcoats in tan, navy blue and fAWll %$'£¦&
brown, ages 3 to 8 years— $3.50 a coat feSv KJk f^S
Persons living outside San Francisco |f v
will be served as well as though thev^---^ffl .^^^^^^ff^-w&J- '"
Just received, new line boys' golf shirts, Jlll^il lliP*
made of a corded percale, in light ground
with small designs, also satin stripe cheviots filli? 1 11111
in medium colors, extra value at 50c each. Iliilf
Boys' derby ribbed underwear in gray and light Webp$§ lljllf
blue, good weight garment for fall wear — 70c a fciiif WlW
Boys'^'Kast Iron" school hose — 25c a pair. W^f j| S
Cowboy hats for ladies and boys — $1.50 and |P| fli 'fa
Straps for cowboy hats, 25c and 45c. ffp« *g||j>
Boys' yacht caps, 45c. IJfri
School buttons free to boys and girls for the asking -^j)^ 4 * 7^*'*^ t/ " 4i —
Mail Orders v #-\ '^1 \/LJ{\f\r\ \* /Vv Write for
Filled-Write m W U|J|J K) 1 |J 64-Page
Us. 1- r-T«- _!„ .«jy-\Jr Catalogue.
740 Market Street.ST. JOHNSBURGH. Vt^Sept. 17.-An
automobile, speeding at the rate of fifty
miles an hour, at the fair grounds to-day,
dashed over a fifteen-foot embankment!
causing the death of Herbert Larnpere.
John Mallen. who was operating the ma
chine, was severely injured and another
roan named Fred Oarrick was hurt.
Automobile Rons Over Embankment.
The street tramways of the City of
Mexico, which began only a ' few years
ago as a few independent mule lines,. now
form one electric system with modern
equipment. There are 190 miles of lilies,"
and the service comprises 604 cars; 3600
horsepower is required to work the sysi
tem. .
* — - . -*
Twenty property-owners, taxpayers and
residents of the North End of the city,
have petitioned Mayor Schmitz to remove
Michael Casey and Marsden Manson from
the Board of Commissioners of Public
Works. It is asserted that these Com
missioners permit J. G. Harney, who has,
a contract for sweeping streets, to dump
animal and vegetabi^matter at the inter
section of North Point and Jones streets.
Assertion Is made that the privilege to
Harney Is exclusive and prevents others
from filling in with solid material without
expense to the city.
After Casey and Manson.
Among the American, officers Lieuten
ant Patajo is a favorite, for they have
witnessed displays of his courage and
fully appreciate the services he rendered
the American troops in leading them
through the various provinces that had
to be quelled. While not having the ad
vantage of a good education, he has
shown himself a persevering student and
First as a spy,- later as chief of detec
tives and afterward as a lieutenant of a
company of scouts, Patajo gained consid
erable distinction with the American
forces, and finally, through the efforts, of
General J. Franklin Bell, with whom he
first served, and on the special recom
mendation of Lieutenant General Young,
he was recently ordered to report to Leav
enworth, Kans., where he will take a
military course in the staff college, which
is expected to qualify him to hold the
position to which he has been appointed.
Second Lieutenant Crispulo Patajo of
the Philippine Scours, the first of the na
tives of Luzon to wear the new dark blue
uniform of the United States army, ar
rived yesterday from Manila on the
transport Sherman and is registered at
the Occidental Hotel. His -short stature,
exceedingly dark complexion and features
typically Oriental, made Lieutenant Pa
tajo an object of curiosity to all who hap
pened to see him at the Occidental upon
his arrival late yesterday. He speaks
very little English, a fact which he seem
ingly takes advantage of to avoid inter
viewers from newspapers, with whom he
is yet to become thoroughly acquainted.
Trie sudden departure for parts up
known of William H. Boregard, con
ductor, and George Allard, rear brake
man, the two other members of the train
crew, has strengthened suspicion, and in
teresting developments are looked for
with the possible arrest of the two "men
On Tuesday Boregard and Allard prel
sented themselves at the . office of the
railroad company and drew their pay.
Since that time neither of them has been
seen, and it is supposed that they left for
the East. It, is the custom of the com
pany to withhold a half month's pay. and
In their haste it Is supposed that Bore
gard and Allard forgot about this item.
Boregard resided at 1186 Howard street
in this city and his wife when seen by
the detectives was busily engaged pack
ing her household belongings. She stated
that she .was unaware of her husband's
whereabouts, but expected to meet him
either at Kansas City or some ' intermedi
ate point
Allard resided in the caboose and it is
maintained by Detectives Lewin and Kin
delon "that as it was necessary for the
Since the arrest, of E. A. Rutherford,
Dougherty and Graves, who are accused
of .having robbed the Southern Pacific
Company of goods aggregating in value
several thousands of dollars, from freight
cars on the train of which Rutherford
was one cf the crew. Railroad Detectives
Lewin and Kindelon have entertained a
strong suspicion that there were other
railroad employes implicated, notwith
ing Rutherford's confession that he waa
the only one.
He — But ¦what reason have you for re
fusing to marry me?
She — Papa objects. He says you are an
actor.
Up— Give my regards to the old boy and
Idl him I'm sorry he isn't a newspaper
rritic— Chicago Daily News.
Noted Spy of Philippine
War Is En ftoute to
Leavenwortb.
Conductor and Brake
man of Salinas Train
Depart.
Within five years wages for all classes
of mechanical operations have increased
from 20 to 25 per cent in Hamilton, Can
ada.
stolen goods to have been brought back
from Salinas In the caboose, Bore
gard and Allard either were Implicated
in the nystematic robbing of the freight
cars or were cognizant of the fact that it
was being carried on. Boregard and Al
lard secured employment with the South
ern Pacific Company in July, 1901. the
former having been, with the Santa Fe
and the latter with the Missouri Pacific.
The detectives declare that no effort will
be made to apprehend the two men, but
it is expected that when located the au
thorities will be asked to take them into
custody. ' '
The number of postal packets (Including
letters, etc.) delivered In Great Britain
during the year 1902-03 was 4,143,900,000. be-
In an Increase of 5.7 per cent. The total
number of express services was 1,107,100,
as compared with 941,900 In the previous
year. The number of postal orders issued
was 93.268.000. representing £32,900,000. The
number of telegrams sent over the post
office wires was 92,471,000, and the number
of telephone conversations was 11,574,229. —
Exchange.
British Postal Service.
The votes of the Forty-fifth Assembly
District were counted and three of the
"Horse and Carts' " delegates, who were
given seats with the county committee
delegates, will be dropped I from the roll
and men favorable to Gavin McNab will
be seated. It was found that the "Horse
add Carts" were not rightfully entitled to
the seats. V: r"»
his friends In the army expect that he
will acquit himself with credit at Leaven
worth. Last night he was shown about
town by. a number of officers who came
over on the Sherman with him and de
voted several hours gazing at sights,
which evidently caused much thinking in
his little, brown head. He will start for
Leavenworth as soon as he has rested up
after his long sea voyage.
The special committee on contested elec
tions selected by Chairman Thomas W.
HIckey of the Democratic Municipal Con
vention held a meeting in the Registrar's
office last night. Joseph E. O'Donnell. the
leader of the minority in the convention,
as chairman of the committee will have
to report that the committee favored the
unseating of Joseph T. O'Connor of the
Forty-third Assembly District and giving
the seat to E. B. Reagan, who was right
fully elected. This gives the Forty-third
District a solid delegation for the "Horse
and Carts."
Gives Committee More Votes.
Committee on Contested Elections
UNSEATS DELEGATES.
I rise to place In nomination a gentleman
who lias endeared himself to the hearts of
ev*ry worklncman In San Francisco, and not
enly the workingman. but ever- fair-minded
citizen, in consequence of the manner In which
he has acted fairly. Impartially and indiscrim
inately with a'l men who have come before
him. We don't seek to Impose commissions on
the millionaire which we don't care to accept
J. V. Dueoing of the :Forty-flfth As
sembly District also seconded the nomi
nation of Judce Mogan.
John J. Smith placed Judge Cabaniss
In nomination. ' In part he spoke as fol
lows:
I take great pleasure In seconding the nom
ination of Judge Mogan. What th^ working
man asks for is etjual Justice. They want
to feel that all workinemen are to be con
sidered on a level with the millionaire when
brought before the bar of Justice. We ask
for no favors. I presume It is the duty of
the laboring men to show their appreciation to
a Judge who has given them equal Justice —
something they have cried for for many years.
I take great pleasure in seconding the nom
ination of Judge Mayan. (Appiauso.)
Kx-Assfmblyman Copus. seconded the
nomination of Judge Mogan.- In part he
said:
I know has always given out equal Justice:
one who I know has been a friend of organized
labor; one who I know if given the nomination
by this convention will bring victory to this
ticket. Mr. Chairman and delegates, I rise
to :>lace in nomination Edwarrt P. Mogan
(Cheers.)
For Mayor,
EUGENE E. SCHMITZ.
. For County Clerk,
POWEL FREDRICK.
#or Coroner,
DR. JOHN T?' DILLON.
For Public Administrator,
J. J. CONLEY.
For Police Judges,
EDMUND P. MOGAN,
GEORGE H. CABANISS.
US1QH LABOR PARTY NOMINEES
SCOUT PATIAJO
REACHES CITY
Willie J. Mindham, the boy oratdr from
the Twenty-eighth | District, started to
nominate Judge Mogan from the floor of
the convention, but was forced to ascend
the platform. Mindham spoke in part as
follows:
It is a ereat pleasure to me to take the
platform Instead of the floor. At this, time
I rife to place In nomination fcr your con
pldt^ration one who In known to every del^^nt 1^
in this convention: one who Is known in this
city and count> of San Francisco; one who
stands In thl3 community A No. 1; one who
' Resolved. That we strongly oppose the opera
tion of surface steam railroads In the Mission
district and demand that such reads shall at
once change their motive power to electricity
or place their tracks and operate their roads
In that portion of San Francisco in properly
constructed and properly protected bubway?,
according to the modern practlcu of other
lar;e cities. ; #
NOMINATE POLICE JUDGES.
Upon the opening of the convention
Thomas F. Egan of the Twenty-ninth
Assembly District moved a suspension of
the rules in order to Introduce the follow
ing resolution:
Whereas, The operation of a surface steam
railroad in densciy populated sections of the
city is attended with great danger; and
Whereas. For many years there has been
an urcent demand for the restriction and re
moval of the tracks of such steam railroads
in the Mission district* of our city; therefore,
be It
WANT TRACKS REMOVED.
and name some more Supervisors.
Judges Edmund P. Mogan and George H.
Cabaniss were nominated by acclamation.
The programme was put through without
a hitch and every one seemed satisfied.
The nominees for Police Judges were in
the hall before the convention met, en
gaged in canvassing the delegates. They
then took a «tand near the entrance and
when nominated gracefully retreated.
There were loud calls for the Judges, but
they could not be found. Some one in the
lobby remarked that Mogan and Cabaniss
were wise men in not pledging themselves
to the ticket, as they are candidates for
the nomination on the Democratic ticket.
THE Union Labor party convention
held a short session last night in
Pioneer Hall. The delegates gath
ered to nominate Polic.e Judges
TRAINMEN LEAVE
AFTER ROBBERY
The convention, on motion of Delegate
Egan. took an adjournment until next
Tuesday night. " .
• We have starred out well and I think if we
continue to select as good timber as we have
already done, we will surely win out. In the
light of recent events — I refer to the walkout
in the Democratic municipal convention — I
forecast that we will elect our ticket from top
to bottom. We were told the other night that
the Democratic convention was free and un
trammeled. Yes, It is the only free convention
In captivity. (Laughter.) I want to place In
nomination a gentleman who has been at all
times true, loyal and faithful to the cause of
labor and who has shown high qualities; a
gentleman who now occupies the post of Super
visor. I refer to Mr. L. A. Rea. It affords me
great pleasure in presenting his name to this
convention. (Applause.)
Chairman Williams announced that the
committee on Supervisors, of which
Harry Bunkers of the Thirty-sixth As
sembly District Is chairman, would meet
to-night at 993 Market street. All nomi
nees for Supervisor have been requested
to appear before the committee of eight
een.
Thirty-seventh— "W. I. Coffey. president
of the Hackmen's Union.
Thirty-eighth— Fred Seavy.
Fortieth— W. F. Meyers.
Forty-third— Frank Jewel.
Forty-fourth— L. A. Rea.
In nominating' I... A. Rea. at present a
member of the Board of Supervisors, Al
fred Roncovieri said:
Under the head of nominations for Su
pervisors, James A. Wilson of the "Thir
tieth District withdrew the name of Jo
seph - Bertram, whose name was placed
before the» convention on the previous
evening.
The following additional nominations for
Supervisors were made:^
Thirty-first Assembly District— Antone
Dosmeyer and James Reavey.
Thirty-third— T. J. Clancey.
Vincent Bello seconded the nomination
of Judge Cabaniss as did other delegates.
The nominations closed and both candi
dates were accepted by the convention.
There was a call for both Judees, but
they had departed.
MORE SUPERVISORS.
ourselves, and that is why I take the floor
to-night, because he has been Impartial toward
all men. Therefore, Mr. Chairman. I take
Kreat pleasure In placing In nomination Judge
Cabaniss. (Applause.)
THREE OF THE CANDIDATES NOMINATED BY THE UNION LABOR CONVENTION AND FUNNY PICTURES
OF SOME OF THE DELEGATES WHO TOOK THE PLATFORM TO EXTOL THE VIRTUES OF THE MEN
SELECTED FOR PLACES ON THE TICKET.
It Is only the so-called fancy toothpick
that is not made in this country. In Por
tugal, from where most of the orange
wood picks are imported, the sticks are
sharpened by young girls who. in return
for turninp out * picks" sharp as needles
and smooth as ivory, are paid 3 cents a
d:iy. The Japanese toothpicks are made
of fine reeds and are distinct from those
pent to this country by the Portuguese
manufacturers. A Japanese toothpick is
delicate and thin as tissue paper, and
nevertheless strong and pliable. The Jap
anese toothpick maker earns even less
than his Portuguese fellow craftsman,
his remuneration being but a fraction
mere than 2 cents a day. In short, a
thousand toothpicks may be bought' In
Japan for as much as It costs only to
pack and box 5000 of American make.—
New York Times.
The felling of toothpick lumber is only
Incidental to the regular, lumber work of
the M?ine foresters. No especial men are
t-eui out to hunt up suitable trees. But
whenever the foreman of a gang of
•noodsmen comes across a tree especially
adapted to toothpic*.:- he orders it felled
and laid aside. The branches ef the tree
are thtn trimmed ahd only the trunk Is
transported to the mills. There the bark
is ekinnfd and the naked trunk is run
through a machine which severs it into
venetrs. "Veneers" is the technical ex
pression for thin strips of wood no thick
er than a piece of blotting paper and no
wider than the length of a toothpick.
Once the trunk has been cut into these
sheets of wood, only one process remains
to turn out the toothpicks fit for packing
and shipping to market. The veneers are
f.-d into a second machine supplied with
Eharp rotary knives that whirl at tre
mendously high speed, snipping the
veneers into toothpicks at the rate of
hundreds of thousand an hour.
A further idea of the capacity of the
machines may be had from the fact that
«jrly ltf) men are necessary to operate and
run all the mills in Franklin County.
Other mills of this kind are scattered
throughout Pennsylvania and Mansachu
pttts and Western New York, but the real
home of the toothpick is in Maine. White
birch is not the only wood used for the
domestic toothpick; maple and poplar are
«rnploy»*d as well, but birch has the prop
erty of retaining its forest odor and
sweetness.
There is one article of manufacture that
is used extensively in the United States
that no one has an idea of the annual
quantity consumed, namely, wooden
louthpicks. According to an «xpert, the
number is pimply incalculable. Milions
\\>on millions of the tiny wooden slivers
are turrit d out every year from American
factories? alone, and on top of this tre
mendous output come importations from
Portugal and Japan and other countries
1 early a« large as the domestic product.
Most of the American toothpicks come
'rum FrankMn County, in Maine, near th^
J< rost home of the white birch, out of
¦whkli J& per cent of the domestic tooth
picks arc- made. This wood is soft and
piiabie and of admirable resistance for the
purpose for which it Is used. Whole mills
in Maine are devoted to supplying the
country with toothpicks, and In the in
dustry 1« to be found some of the finest
and most intricate of machinery. So tre
mendous is the output of these machines
that in a brief season during the spring
trough "toothpicks can be made to supply
the markets of the entire country for the
><ar to come.
Miilrons of Them Are Manufactured
in America and More Im
ported.
ANNUAL OUTPUT OF
THE USEFUL TOOTHPICK
Probably no famous bird has a smaller
habitat than the bird of paradise, whose
beautiful feathers are so highly prized In
the millinery trade. No one knows why
the varieties of this beautiful bird are
confined to the island of New Guinea
and the neighboring coasts of Australia.
There are many other Islands not far
away where the conditions would seem to.
be equally favorable to their existence,
but they are not found among them.
How astonished would the modern
French srirl be were she told not to take
the leading part in conversation, not to
giggle loudly, not to set her arms akimbo
and never to talk privately with a young
gentleman. -She would think such recom
mendations perfectly ridiculous as pre
venting all possible flirtations, for the art
of flirtation Is never at Its best unless
practiced in private. But forty years ago,
when parents deemed that marriage was
not a proper subject for the thoughts of
their daughters, flirtation— even as a word
— was unknown in France. At that time
simplicity in dress was the order of the
day for young maidens, and even con
ferred a certain distinction, being carried
as far as possible among the aristocracy.
There were special light silks and Inex
pensive trinkets for jeunes filles, set with
corals, enamels and pearls, among which
the tiniest of diamonds would never have
been tolerated any more than costly
laces, furs or elaborate trimming.
At a glance It was easy to ascertain by
the style of dress whether a young wom
an was married or not, whereas It Is not
by any means so easy now, the same sat
ins, velvets, feathers and Jewels being
worn alike In both cases. And it is not
any easier to guess from the behavior in
society, for It may happen that the con
versation is taken up and carried on by
the girls in their desire to shine and to
attract attention— the married women be
ing silenced and ignored in the midst of
the excitement and amusement artfully
created by free sallies, unrestrained,
laughter and much attitudinizing.
No doubt the conventional restrictions
of forty years ago were somewhat ex
cessive and kept French girls till after
marriage In a state of prolonged child
hood; nevertheless it remains to be seen
whether the rapid change which has su
pervened is a real gain, for if it has rem
edied some evils of the old system it has
also engendered new ones, and on that ac
count many thoughtful French parents
are now seriously disquieted about the
future of their daughters.
THE PRESENT DAY
FRENCH GIRL
Relaxation of the Conventions That
Obtained Forty Years
Ago.
Philadelphia will soon possess two of the
rarest coins known to exist. They are
the famous silver dollars of 1734. One is
at present in the Philadelphia Mint, and
the other was purchased last week by
Henry Chapman Jr., numismatist. The
latter coin was bought by Mr. Chapman
at the sale of the Murdock collection of
coins and tokens held In London last
week.
The dollar purchased by Mr. Chapman
surpasses the similar coin at the mint in
perfection and fineness. Mr. Chapman
wrote to the auctioneer hi advance that
he was willing to pay as high as COO for
the coin. It was knocked down to him
for £48. or J24O.
The 1794 dollar Is similar in face ap-*
pearance to the dollar now In circulation,
having the medallion face on the front
encircled with stars and the date. On
the reverse Is the spread eagle seated on
the wreath.— New York Commercial.
Rarest Coins Known.
GRANTS PASS, Or., Sept. 17.— An op
portunity is offered for some one to get
appointed to a Consulate, as George W.
Colvig of this dty has resigned his posi
tion as United States Consul to Barran
quilla, Colombia. South America, after
serving fcr two years.
Colvig lately returned from Barran
quilla, accompanied by his wife, and he
declares that no kind of a proposition
would Induce him to return. Those two
years he spent down there in the tropics
were two of the longest years of his life,
and for the good of his and Mrs. Colvig's
health he was obliged to resign. ,?p_~i
Life in Colombia is far from pleasant.
The extreme heat is one serious thing,
but there are countless other bad fea
tures. The continual warfare that is on
between the two civil factions keeps the
country in a state of ebullition and dis
ruption. The money of the country Is
worth but little more than the mere pa
per that composes it. The inhabitants
of the country are, for the greater part, a
shiftless lot.
Colvlg will resume his former business
as a lawyer in Grants Pass.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The various platforms express approv
al of the- administration of Governor Dole
and recommendations are made that i
.-trong fight be made on the floor of the
next national Congress for the admission
of the Hawaiian Islands to statehood.
Several of the platforms urge that a de
termined cttuft be made to secure more
liberal Federal appropriations for the
Hawaiian Islands, much work of a neccs
j-sty character being neglected in the isl
ands for lack of means to properly carry
it on.
The various conventions nominated
mixed tickets, the natives running well
with the whites in the contests for places
on the tickets. In spite of the rivalry
which exists between the various fac
tions !n the Republican party the con
ventions were unusually harmonious in
their character. In but one county was
ihere any serious disturbance among the
delegates and candidates for office. At
Hilo the rivalry of the factions got be
yond the control of the chairman and a
brief war look place on the floor of the
several of the delegates, be
coming so embroiled as to engage in 'fis
ticuffs, with various unpleasant results
to the belligerents. Order was finally re
stored and the work of the convention
proceeded under more peaceful conditions.
Ex-Superintendent of Public Works
Boyd was badly defeated for the nom
ination of Supervisor in his county.
HONOLULU, Sept. 17.— The Republicans
of the five counties comprising the com
monwealth of Hawaii have met in con
% . ention to nominate candidates for the
various county offices which are to be
filled by ballot on November 3, the elec
tion being the first to be held under the
i:ew county government act.
REDDING. Sept. 17.— After being out
forty hours the Jury In the Gallanar mur
der trial was discharged. It could not
agree. Six voted for the death penalty,
three voted for guilty and life Imprison
ment, two for second degree murder and
one for acquittal. The trial cost Shasta
County $5000.
The Craven murder trial was called this
morning. Three more murder trails are
to follow. It has been thirty years since
the deatn penalty has been legally Inflict
ed I nthis county. There have been forty
trials for murder in that period.
Serious Disturbance Takes
Place at the Convention
Held in Hilo.
Jury Fails to Agree and
New Cases Are Now
in Prospect.
George Colvig of Grant3 Pass
Remarks About
Colombia.
Major General Shafter is a soldier of
world wide fame and a citizen of high
character and "progressive tendencies.
There is just the shadow of doubt as to
his eligibility to the office of Mayor, as
he is an officer of the United" States army,
although on I* 1 * retired list.
The Fortieth District Republican dele
gation has agreed to recommend F. W.
Meyer for Supervisor.
Thomas D. RIordan, A. Ruef, John C.
Lynch, Henry Ach, David Rich and Jacob
Steppacher of the United Republican
League met at headquarters, 16 Geary
street, last evening. Quite a number of
delegates called during the evening to in
quire concerning the committee meetings,
and especially as to the meeting of the
convention's committee on permanent or
ganization and order of business. There
was talk last night to the effect that the
friends of C. A. Murdoch of the Fortieth
District would urge his nomination for
Mayor.
The advent of 'a new candidate, how
ever, would not be surprising. C. S. Lau
meister is supported by many active
friends who refer to his personal popu
larity, his wide acquaintance with the
people of the city, his high standing in
the business community and his extraor
dinary abilities and enterprise as a cam
paigner. During the prolonged hard
times in San Francisco Laumeister made
a legion ot friends by giving help and
extending credit to * poor families. His
friends say that he Is plain and approach
able and that if he were elected Mayor
one could call on him without appearing
in court costume. He has been urged to
accept the nomination for Assessor, but
his pojitical supporters maintain that he
ought to be placed at the head of the
Republican ticket. The contest for the
Mayoralty nomination, however, is free
for all. The man that the delegates se
lect will be accepted as the best man.
George Stone stands high In the estima
tion of the public and is a party leader
of courage and sagacity. His many sup
porters contend that his nomination
would be equivalent to election. They
assert that Republican merchants would
not leave the party to support an oppo
sition candidate in the event of General
Stone's nomination. . -..*.'-
The Twenty-eighth District delegation,
for instance, may come forward and pre
sent the name of a candidate who is
well known in the section of the city
where he resides. He may be honesl. ef
ficient and in every other sense worthy,
but if he i.« unknown at the Mission and
hardly ever heard of in the Western Ad
dition he will run behind his ticket. Dis
trict delegations will surely perceive that
succtFsful nominees for the Board of Su
pervisors must not only be good men, but
must be such as are known throughout
the v.-hole city to be good men.
The Republicans are quite confident
that their ticket will be elected on No
vember 2. Tha convention is composed
of men of character and intelligence, who
will consider the merits and availability
of every nominee. Several ballots may
b«» taken before a candidate to head the
ticket is chosen. In the general discus
sion concerning the Mayoralty many well
known men have been mentioned, such
as General Shafter, Charles S. Laumeis
ter, C. W. Slack, A. B. Spreckels. Gen
eral Georse Stone, Reuben H. Lloyd,
Frank J. Symmes. F. W." Dohrmann, \V.
G. Stafford, William Cluff, John Lack
rr.ann, John C. Kirkpatrick, J. E. Mc-
Dougald, H. D. Loveland and H. J.
Crocker. Pressure of private business
and professional engagements have elim
inated several names from the list. There
is an imDression that the race will nar
row down to a contest wherein C. S. Lau
miister, John Lackmann, George Stone,
General Shafter and H. J. Crocker may
be represented by supporting delegations.
LATJMEISTER'S CHANCES.
The point is advanced by the advocates
of home rule that every alstrict contains
many citizens of high character, who are
qualified in every sense to serve as Su
pervisor, and therefore it would be un
fair and impolitic to give one district
two nominees for Supervisor en the same
ticket, because It would necessarily fol
low that some other district would go un
represented on the ticket so far as the
Board of Supervisors was concerned. As
all nominees are voted for at large, the
eighteen most acceptable to a majority
of the voters will be chosen, therefore
every district delegation should appre
ciate the importance of recommending to
the convention the best man In the dis
trict for the position. According to the
at large system of voting, it is almost
sure to happen that several districts will
fail to obtain resident representation in
the board. For example, say that the
Forty-first District in each of the thiee
party conventions should put forward a
man of exceptional fitness and popular
ity; three of the eighteen Supervisors
might be elected from that district. There
are many indications that the Repub
licans will elect a majority of the board,
and if each district should select a man
of exceptional ability and of wide and fa
vorable acquaintance, the entire eighteen
might be elected and resident represer.ia
tion be accorded to every district.
CONTEST FOR MAYOR.
The notion that each Assembly district
delegation in the convention will be au
thorized to name one nominee for the
Board of Supervisors seems to prevail.
The number of Assembly districts in San
Francisco corresponds exactly with the
number of Supervisors provided for in the
new charter. No doubt one could go into
two or three districts south of Market
street or in two or three districts north
of that thoroughfare and easily enough
select eighteen tlrst-class capable men for
the board, but such" selection would tend
to deprive a majority of the districts of
direct representation in the municipal
legislature.
HOME RULE PRINCIPLE.
The committee on platform and resolu
tions of the Republican local convention
expects to meet to-morrow evening. There
ic talk to the effect that the platform will
be brief and comprehensive. W. S. Wood
of the Fortieth District is chairman of the
committee.
Advise His Nomination
for Mayor.
Friends of C. S. Laumeister
Republicans of Hawaii
Name Their County
Candidates.
Shasta County Spends
Many Dollars on a
Murder Case.
American Official Pre
fers Oregonian Se
renity.
Prospects of Republican
Success in Coming
Election.
MIXED TICKETS
ARE NOMINATED
CONSUL WEARIES
OF A LIVELY JOB
TALK RELATING
TO CANDIDATES
JUSTICE LAGS;
COSTS PILE UP
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 18, 1903.
Edmund P. Mogan and George H. Cabaniss Selected
to Go on the Ticket at the Goming Election and
Delegates Present Names of More Supervisors
UNION LABOR CONVENTION NOMINATES
TWO CANDIDATES FOR POLICE JUDGES
4
A" Study «n: Piracy.
• . ' > One o - . .
Josephine Dodgre Daikam'i
Stories complete
¦fin the ¦
Next. Sunday Call.
AEVEBTISEUENTS.
Oa.k Poisoning
Sunburn, Mosquito and Insect Bites,
Prickly Heat and Hives quickly cured
Hydrozone
This scientific germicide is a
specific for skin troubles that
cures the most stubborn cases—
absolutely harmless. Universally
used by leading physicians for the
last 12 years.
Sold by leading druggists or trial size
bottle »e£t prepaid on receipt of 25 cents.
See my signature on every bottle. '"
Gl.O Prince St., . New York
- V Send lor booklet.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
1792 1903
STATEMENT
CONDITION AND AJTATB3
OB* TUB
Insurance Company
OF NORTH AMERICA
(FOUNDED A. D. 1792)
OF PHILADELPHIA. IN TBB STATE OT
Pennsylvania, on th» 31st day of Decem-
ber. A. D. 1902. and Xor the year «ndtn* on
that cJay, as made to the Insurance Commis-
sioner of the State of California, pursuant to
the provisions of Sections 010 and fill of the
Political Code, condensed aa per blank fur-
nished by the Commissioner.
Capital 93,000,000 00
Amount of. Capital Stock paid 09
In Cub 3.000.000 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company.. $723,600 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.. 1.130,997 23
Cash Market Value of ail Stocks
and Bonda owned by Company. S, T31.73O 00
Amount of Loans secured by
pledge of Bonds. Stocks and
other marketable securities aa f
collateral 821,400 09
Cash in Company's Office - 10,307 89
Cash in Banks 1,147.103 23
Interest due and accrued on
Bonda and Mortgages 7,627 30
Premiums la due Course of Col-
lection »S«.S82 4i
Bills receivable, sot Matured,
taken for Fire and Marine
Risks 19.009 1(1
Book accounts due company 4,263 SI
Due from other Companies for re-
insurance on losses already paid BOO 87
Total Assets .»10.«W4.183^0
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid 1118,669 27
Losses in process of Adjustment
or In Suspense 369,812 T)
Losses resisted. Including ex-
penses 49.713 OS
Gross oremlums on Fir* Risks
running one year or less. |3,-
277 977 33: reinsurance 50 per
cent 1,628.988 «8
Gross premiums on Fire Risks
running more than one year.
$3,998,499 29; reinsurance pro
rata 2.W8.433 S3
Gross premiums on Marine Tlmo
Risks. I : reinsurance SO
percent 362.119 00
Amount reclalmable by the In-
sured on perpetual fire Insur-
ance policies 789.411 M
Cash dividends rematntns* unpaid 60 04
Due cjid accrued for salaries.
rent, etc 4fl.M* s»
All other liabilities 69,433 89
Total Liabilities f5.713.884 fl*
INCOME. ~^
Net cash actually received for
Klre premiums $4,894,334 «
Net cash actually received for
Marine premiums 1.S33.819 7S
Received for interest on Bonds
and Mortgages T0.9iS, «
Received for Interen and divi-
dends on Bonds. Stocks. Loans
and from alt other sources 237. *43 91
Received for Rents 42.444 4*
Received from all other sources.. 311.321 21
Total Income f7.4U.719 11
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Loss-* $2,323,417 33
Net amount paid for Maria*
losses IS11.XU 41
Dividends to Stockholders S99.94O 04
Paid or allowed for Commission
or Brokerage 1^12,634 61
J»ald for Salaries. Fe«s and other
' charges Xor efflcers. clerks, etc. 394.212 24
Paid for State. National and
Local taxes 139.379 OC
All other payments and expendi-
tures • S73.043 U
Total Expenditures $8.44.«.0«4 3j
Fire. Marias.
L<l d'ur?nr th° C year d $2.707.917 B3 $1.138.853 41
Risks "and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount ot Risks
£??..??"»— ¦ISM.BMn 16.203.041 SI
Net amount of Risks
y^r red .. 4U . r !?f..^ 6S0.711.343 8.869.783 «
N>t amount In fore*
December 31. 1903. «17.46T.1S«I 7. 278. 478 84
~~ Mar. Risks. Premium*.
Net amount of Risks
written durlna* the
year $392,800,703 $2,183,368 a
Net amount of Risks
expired during 1 the
year S81.338.11S 1133.497 II
Net amount tn force
December 31. 1902. 6,508.614 362.119 Cj
CHARLES PT^ATT. Pres't. '
OREVILLK E.FRTKR. S«c'y.
Subscribed and sworn to before- m«. this lau
day of January. 1903.
RICH'D. H. REILLT. Notary Publle.
i '
Losses Paid Since Organization, $111, 857.074. S 7
JAMES D. BAILEY, General Ageni
412 CALIFORNIA STREET.
SAN FRANCISCO.
CEO. It MURDOCK £ SON. City Alents,
AjV^TISEMENTS.
One McBum8lf ' s
Bottle^ *W a ™
p K : Sj BUDDER
uiiress. A cure
For pains In the back, Brigrht's dis-
ease, incontinence of urine brick
du«t deposit, bed-wettlnsr, gravel,
dropsy, diabetes, rheumatism.
Only by removing poisonous acid can
rheumatic and neuralgic troubles be
cured. Uric acid finds its way Into the
blood because the Kidneys are weakened
and do not throw it oft from the system
Restore the Xldneys and you restore the
power that will force the uric acid from
the body. That is Just what McBurney's
Kidney and Bladder Cure does. It drives
the deadly uric acid from the blood it
«ustalns the organs that sustain life and
the forces that make blood. McBurney's
Kidney and Bladder cure. $1 60 All
druggists. Booklet with sworn state-
ments ot cures free. W. F. McBurnev
Sole Mfr.. 228 S. Spring st.. Los Angeles!
®Vim, Vigor. Vitality tor Man
MORMON" BISHOP- 8 PILI.s
nave been in use over nfty
yean by the leaders of tha
Mormon Church and their
followers. Positively 'cure ta«
worst cases la old and yours
arising from effects of self-
abuse, dissipation, ezeesses or
cigarette »n*okin*. Cure Lost
Manhood, Impof:ncy. Lost
Power. NUht Losses Insom-
nia, f&lua lu Back. Evil Desire*. Lame Back.
Nervous Debility, Headache. Unfltneas tor Mar-
ry, Loss of Semen. «¦» —^ Vartcocele or Con-
stipation. Step Ner »3 %J vous Twltchtnr of
Eyelids. XBects are J^jz^ Immediate. Impart
vigor ar.d potencr*' cl " T S to every function.
Don't get despondent, a cur* is at hand. Re-
store small, undeveloped organs. Stimulate
the brain and nerve centers; soc a box; 6 for
$2 30 by mail. A written guarantee to cure cr
money refunded with « boxes. Circulars frte.
Address BISHOP REMSDT CO.. 40 Ellis St..
San Franclnco. Cal. QRANT DRUG CO.. is
and 40 Third St.The Bible is now widely read in India.
At Singapore it is stated the British and
Foreign Bib'.e Society will ; sell the Scrip
tures in over seventy-five. languages and
dialects. The Bible has also been trans
lated into sixty-six of the languages and
dialects of Africa.
A naval gun when fired sustains a pres
sure of fifteen to seventeen tons to the
square inch. It has previously, stood a
charge giving a force of "twenty tons to
the square inch. at the. proving grounds.
Mrs. Amy Corbin of Phoenix. 'R. • I.,
who has just celebrated her ninety-ninth
birthday anniversary,' has never been be
yond the boundaries of her little. native
State and has not been in Providence
since the war of 1812.
The omnibus drivers on one of the prin
cipal London lines drive on alternate days
eighty miles and forty-eight miles, which
total up to 23,360 miles , a year. The cir
cumference of the earth is only 25,000
miles. If the earth were , all dry land
they could almost drive across It every
years in the hours they have to devote
to the common round In London streets.
-Exchange.
Omnibus Buns in London.
The Art of Traveling.
"Traveling is so easy nowadays"' is the
trite utterance of the tourist, and espe
cially of those who have learned to make
of travel one of the flno arts. But, like
all arts, it requires practice and familiar
ity with its laws. The difficulties made by
ttie untraveled over a little Journey and
their anticipatory fears and terrors are
still the fruitful theme for the story
writer. But the days when everybody
traveled with bird cage?, bandboxea and
lunch baskets are about over, and the
good traveler of these times is known by
the; absence rather than the presence of
baggage. Not only have people learned
to travel with ease, but they have discov
ered the necessity of imparting order and
design to their plans for Journeyings.
"I'm going to see my own country first,"
is the commendable decision of the wise,
prospective American traveler, who would
be ashamed to look upon London without
having first seen San Francisco, and
would scorn to confess to a Venetian that
he had never seen Boston. There is one
thing at least that travel will not do— It
will not impart the gift of expression to
the traveler or relieve him of that de
spair of silence Into which so many, are
plunged. Change of scene may cure the
lover of his hurt or bring back the blush
of health to the worn-out man of busi
ness, but it will not put fresh words into
the mouths of those who are suffering to
reveal what they have seen and who fali
back upon that old complaint, | "I can't
describe it." It is words rather ' than
wealth that the accomplished traveler
needs in order that he may rely upon his
conversation more than tipon his camera
for the revelation of the scenes of His
travels.— Chicago Tribune.
Illinois ranks first amoi.g the States in
the manufacture of agricultural imple
ments, bicycles, cars, glucose and dis
tilled liquors, and in slaughtering and
meat packing.
"The beauty of this great and glorious
republic," said the native proudly,, "is
that any boy born here may become Pres
"Fawncy!" exclaimed the Britisher. "I
was under the impression that the Presi
dent had to be at least 40 years of age,
don't y' know."— Philadelphia News.
Taken Literally.
Diamonds in the Bough.
.There are . many people who think that
much of .what Is real cuture and refine
ment is merely affectation. They believe
that a diamond in the rough is the only
genuine diamond. If a man is sincere,
they argue, if he possesses manly quali
ties and is loyal to truth, no matter how
uncouth and coarse hevmay be outwardly,
ho will be respected and will be success
ful ..- This argument is good only to a lim
ited extent.- What is true of an uncut
gem is also true of a human diamond in
the" rough. No matter hpw intrinsically
valuable they may be, no one would
think of wearing uncut diamonds. A man
might have -a million dollars' worth of
such \eems: yet. if he refused to have
On Sunday. September 20. the California
Northwestern Railway will run an excursion to
Willits. It is the first excursion eince the
railroad has been finished to that point. The
ride between Ukiah and Willits is one of the
most picturesque in the country. Each ticket
sold insures a j> eat. Fare for the round trip,
${ Leaves TIHuron Ferry 7:30 a. m., on the
return leaves Willits 4 p. m. Tickets on sale
r»Vt Market et. (Chronicle building) and at Tibu
ron Ferry- , •
Excursion to Willits.
Glen was suddenly seized with illness.
The parents thought there was one last
chance to save their child and. hastily
hitching two horses to the lightest wagon
they could find, they started on their, long
ride to Vancouver. All the journey was
over rough and hilly country and scarcely
half the distance, was passed before dark
ness fell upon the racing horses.
While the mother tenderly cared for the
child the father lashed the team in the
feeble last hope . that all might still be
well. The child was still breathing when
the weary horses dragged the wagon into
the city, but death had really won the
race, for the baby died soon after it was
taken from the arms of tne despairing
mother.
The body was prepared for burial last
night and to-day was shipped to La
center.
- VANCOUVER, "Wash., Sept. 17.— Curt
and Grace Anderson of Lacenter made a
thirty-mile ride against deatn yesterday
from their home to this town. They
gained the race, but death finally won.
The stake was Glen Anderson, aged 8
months.
Special Dispatch to The Calt.
Mrs. Lawless is visiting her sister, Mrs.
Bishop, who was negotiating for the pur
chase of a house through the Grider
agency, and young Grider met her at Mrs.
Bishop's house during a business call.
She wore a diamond ring which she had
just purchased for $250. He admired it,
and asked permission to put It on Bis
finger Then he began talking real estate
and when he left took the ring with him.
Mrs. BishOD wrote him, telling him to
return it, but received no answer. Twice,
thrice and four times she wrote, and still
came no answer. Then consulted an
attorney and he found young Grider, but
not the ring. After much questioning
Grider admitted that he had taken the
ring to Catallna Island. There he had
been induced to enter a poker game con
ducted by a man from Arizona. He lost
all his money and the Arizona man then
advanced him $350 on the ring, and he lost
that also.
After relating this story he asked the
attorney and Mrs. Bishop what they were
going to do about it. He was, answered
an hour later by an officer, who appeared
and read a warrant of arrest to him. The
Arizona man has also been found,' but
he declares he sold the ring.
LOS ANGELES. Sept. 17.— Harry
Grider, son of former Councilman L. II.
Grlder, one of the best known real estate
dealers in this Dart of the State, was ar
rested to-day at the Instance of Mrs.
Marguerite Lawless of Ohio on a charge
of felony embezzlement, and to save him
from spending the night in jail his father
put up $1000 cash.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Well Known Los An
geles Resident Taken
to a Jail.
Thrilling Drive in Wash
ington to Save an
Infant.
Poetic Lie-Sense.
Ju£ge White cf Salem was quite cor
roct in telling the Essex Institute that no
pood ship Hesperus was over wrecked "on
the reef cf Normar.'s woe." Mr. l»ng-
Irllow's touching story is all but a bit of
poetic lie-sense which all verse makers
are permitted to employ in their work.
Neither did Paul Revere ever reach Con
cord town, as Mr. Longfellow makes him
do in that famous midnight ride. But, no
/ratter; he should have reached it in or
der to have the story end nicely, and the
poet's mission is to write things as they
ought to be rather than as they are. And
rometimes poets write for money. I>onB
fc'.low got $23 for "Tho Wreck of the Hes
•••prus."—Boston Herald.
LOSS OF RING
CAUSES HIS WOE
PARENTS RAGE
AGAINST DEATH
MOTHER FINDS
THEM LIFELESS
Humboldt County Chil
dren Drowned in
a Stream.
them cut and polished, no one would ap
preciate them. The unpracticed eye
would not be able to distinguish them
from common pebbles. They are valuable
only in proportion to the degree of bril
liancy and beauty which the diamond cut
ter can call out of them.
So, a man may be possessed of many
admirable qualities, but if he insists on
covering them with a rough, uncouth ex
terior they will be, robbed of much of
their intrinsic value. They will be dis
covered only by keen observers or expert
character readers. What cutting and pol
ishing do for crystallized carbon, educa
tion and refined social intercourse do for
the human diamond in the rough. The
grace of fine culture, a charming person
ality and an exquisite manner enhance its
value a thousandfold. — Success.
There are 380 golf links In Scotland. Of
these 24 are in Fifeshire, 20 in Lanark
shire, 18 in Ayrshire, Argylshlre, Perth
shire and Inverness-shire have 17 each:
and so they go with lessening numbers
till we come to Kincardlneshire, Peebles
shire and Selkirkshire with three each,
to Nairnshlre and Orkney and Shetland
with two each, and to Kinross with one.—
Exchange.
Scotch Fondness for Golf.
"My husband doesn't gamble now. as
he used to. "Reformed, has he?' "Yes,
he doesn't go to the racetrack any mere.
His worst dissipation now is swimming, I
think. At any rate he says he only goes
to the poolrooms." — Philadelphia Press.
Kitty— Do you know, I used to think
Carrie really pretty; but somehow she
doesn't look a bit attractive of late.
Mattle — Yes, I heard she was engaged to
Harry Sweetser. — Boston Transcript.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
EUREKA. Sept. 17.— Two young chil
dren were drowned this afternon In Fran
cis Creek, a stream which runs through
the town of Ferndale. The victims were
the son and daughter of E. W. Gracie,
aged respectively 5 and 4 years.
The children were playing on the hank
of the stream and it is thought the girl
fell into the water and the boy lost his life
in an attempt to save his sister. The placa
in which they were drowned contained
water to the depth of six feet.
The discovery of the bodies was made
by the mother, who, missing the children,
went to the creek to look for them and
was horrified to see the body of the little
girl floating on the water. Further search
resulted in the finding of the body of the
boy at the bottom of the pool. All ef
forts to revive the children were unavail
ing.
LONDON, Sept. 17.— Whltaker Wrluht. th«
company promoter, was to-day committed for
trial at the conclusion of the presentation of
the prosecution's evidence.
It is on record that Jack's friend begged
him not to mention this little gnstronom
ical episode and Jack's promise was given,
but it leaked out somehow or other and
quite naturally came to the ears of a rep
resentative of The Star.— Washington
Star.
A gentleman who toils seven hours per
day in the service of the Government is
keeping bachelor's hall this summer. His
family, consisting of a wife and three chil
dren, are rusticating somewhere in the
Xew England wSods, while he, poor fel
low, has "no delicht to pass away the
time," save in the companionship of an
old chum, his classmate in college, and
also a toiler in one of the public depart
ments. This gentleman has the run of
the premises to the extent of being al
lowed a night key. and comes and go^s
as he pleases. He is an all-time bachelor,
not a summer bachelor, as is the gentle
man whose family are away. The other
day this friend, not feeling very well, re
mained away from his desk and about
noon sauntered over to the deserted man
sion, and not having indulged in break
fast, felt himself getting hungry and be
gan foraging through the pantries and
refrigerators and cupboards, etc., for food.
"I didn't find anything," he paid, "ex
cept some bottled beer in the refrigerator
and some of the queerest-tasting pilot
bread I ever tackled. It was a sort of
drab color and the hardest hardtack I
ever struggled- with, but I soaked it in
beer and it went down and wasn't half
bad. Soon afterward Jack came. (Jack
is the deserted husband.) He. was loaded
down with provender, including sardines
and two bottles of Rhenish wine. I told
him of my hunt for grub, and particu
larly of the flint-like hardness of the pilot
bread. 'Great Scott, man,' said he, 'that
isn't pilot bread, it's dog biscuit. I got
it for Toby.' (Toby is the dog's name.)
'It won't poison you,' he said, 'and pos
sibly if a man was on the brink of star
vation it might go down very well— soaked
in beer.' "
Peculiar Feast of a Gentleman
Taking His Luncheon
Alone.
BISCUIT IS BISCUIT
WHEN ONE'S HUNGRY
"No two people have feet formed exact
ly alike, and the shoe salesman who
thinks so and is governed accordingly
will meet up with many complaints. For
some time I pondered over the problem
of fitting shoes to feet, and especially as
to why the left foot should be considered
the standard by which to be governed.
The only rational theory 1 have ever been
able to evolve is a very simple one when
you come to consider it. Xine out of ten
people you meet are righthanded, as we
say. About one person in ten, or per
haps the per cent is even less than that,
uses his left hand. If you will observe a
person who uses the right hand when he
or she Is standing and talking, they In
variably rest their weight on the left
foot. And vice versa, a left-handed per
son will rest his or her weight on the
right foot. The result is that with right
handed people the left foot is probably
a fraction larger than the right foot, and
the shoe clerk must inevitably tind this
to be a fact sooner or later. That, in my
opinion, is the explanation of the common
belief that the left foot is the standard
to go by in the fitting of shoes. But as
I have already said, there is no rule that
is absolutely safe to follow, and my plan
is always to fit both feet before I let a
customer leave the house."— New Orleans
Times-Democrat.
"The question of which foot to fit first
is an Important one to us," said the shoe
salesman, as he tugged to get a small
pair of Oxfords on a large foot. "It may
seem strange to you, but it is rarely that
we- do not experience some trouble in
fitting one foot -while the other is easily
covered. A popular belief obtains that
the left foot of every person' Is the hard
est to fit and consequently many shoe
clerks always try a shoe on that foot first.
It is not true, however, according to my
observation, that there is any inflexible
rule as to ¦which foot to try first. It is
true, nevertheless, that in a majority of
cases if you succeed in fitting the left
foot you will have no trouble with the
right. My practice is to try both feet
before I pronounce a pair of shoes a per
fect fit. Then I am sure of avoiding any
mistake growing out of peculiarities of
foot formation.
FITTING THE FOOT
AN IMPORTANT MATTER
Why the Left Pedal Extremity Is
. Generally Larger Than the
Other.
SANTA CRUZ, Sept. 17.— Great damage
is being done to timber land by the fierce
forest fire that has been raging in the
Santa Cruz Mountains. For a week the
blaze has been sweeping over the coun
try and showing no signs of abatement,
although large forces of men are at work
fighting it and reinforcements were sent
from this city to-day.
The mountains are entirely hidden from
view by day by the pall of smoke which
settles above them and at nieht the
flames can be seen on the ridges.
The territory burned over now covers
twenty miles, which means more than
three miles burned over in a day, the
greater part of it being virgin timber land
of redwood, fir, oak, madrone and other
woods. The fire started in the neighbor
hood of the Loma Prieta mill and spread
through the narrow and high Hlnckley
Gulch, covered with some of the finest
timber in the State. The greatest dam
age was done in the Valencia Gulch and
the F. A. Hihn Company are the biggest
losers.
Valuable Timber Land Is Being- De
stroyed Near Santa Cruz.
FLAMES ON THE RIDGES.
The police were called and the silver
ware and sealskin were found tied up in
pilrow cases in a small room adjoining
the kitchen. The other property, however,
was carried off in the burglars' pockets.
It was found that the thieves had entered
through a small window that overlooks
an alley and which had been left un
locked. They probably entered the place
early in the evening, believing both of the
occupants to have gone out, and the
home-coming of Mrs. Botto interrupted
them in their work of plunder for a time.
It is possible that they remained on the
premises most of the night and were pre
paring to go with their loot when Botto
arose and frightened them away. The
precaution of Mrs. Botto in placing, her
jewelry under her pillow saved it for her,
as It is believed by the police that the
burglars prolonged their visit In an en
deavor to locate the valuables.
LOOT IN PILLOW CASES.
As Mrs. Botto was about to retire she
imagined she heard a noise in the house
and became nervous: She did. not desire
to awaken her husband to make a search
of the premises, but took the precaution
of placing most of her valuable rings and
gems under her pillow.
At 4 o'clock Botto arose to go downtown
and after striking a light observed that
the room had been ransacked and that
everything had been thrown about. He
called his wife, and together they went
through the house. Each room presented
the same appearance. Bureau drawers
had been opened, the contents of closets
thrown over the floor and evidence of a
most complete search was everywhere. As
they went along the merchant and his
wife observed what had been stolen.
About 5900 worth of silverware and a seal
skin pack valued at $100 were missing, also
the coin and a few articles of jewelry.
HIDES HER JEWELS.
Botto retired early Wednesday evening,
as he is required at his place of business
about 5 o'clock in the morning. His wife,
went to the theater and returned shortly
a/ter 11 o'clock.
Captain of Detectives Martin has two
cf his shrewdest men working on a daring
burglary that was committed early yes
terday morning. The residence entered
was that of X. Botto, a commission mer
chant, at 1073 Union street, and the prowl
ers made a search of the entire house,
including the room in which Botto and
his wife were sleeping. The crooks had
plunder valued at about $1000 packed to
carry to the street, but were alarmed at
the rising of the merchant and were
obliged to leave it behind. They escaped,
however, with J90 in coin and some valu
able Jewelry.
SANTA ROSA, Sept. 17.— Word reached
this city to-night that the biggest forest
fire ever known in the county is now rag
fng close to the Sonoma and Mendoclrfo
line, between B'.ack Point and Gualala.
Five hundred men are out fighting the
flames and it was only with the greatest
difficulty that the big bridge spanning the
Gualala River and connecting the two
counties could be saved, thousands of
acres have been burned over and the fire
is not yet under control.
Another big forest fire has broken out
In the northwestern part of the county,
this time between Tyrone and Freeze Out
Gulch on the North Shore road. So far
no damage is reported beyond the de
struction of cordwood and standing tim
ber, but grave fears are entertained as to
the outcome. Men are being hurried from
different sections to fight the flames.
Coney has had a misunderstanding with
those asociated with him in his mining
ventures in Arizona. When he saw the
report from Washington he at once piaceu
his affairs in the hanCs of a Tucson at
torney and left at 6 o'clock to-night for
San Francisco. He purchased a ticket to
L*>s Angeles and stated that he intended
poing from there to San Francisco by
boat.
"I returned to San Francisco after this
visit to General Diaz, and from there
srent to Chicago on mining business. In
Chicago I met some men interested in a
new mine and a proposed railroad in Ari
zona. I came directly to Tucson and have
Lc«n here three months looking into this
matter. I have been in constant corre
;-ponder.ce with President Diaz, and was
arranfiiig with a lav.- firm in the City of
Mexico to act as counsel for the proposed
railroad when I was advised by a repre
sentative of the company in the East
that work would have to be suspended
lor the present.
"My whereabouts has always been
known by General Diaz and by my fam
ily in San Francisco, and how such a re
port could originate I cannot imagine un
less it was started for the sole purpose of
injuring me by Mexican citizens high in
the diplomatic or consular corps in this
country."
CORRESPONDS WITH: DIAZ.
"I have received many favors at the
hands of President Diaz." said Coney,
"all because I saved his life in 1S7S. Jeal
ous Mexican citizens in the United States
have continually found fault with me un
til ray office in San Francisco was made
unendurable and I was forced to resign.
Five months ago I went to the City of
Mexico and presented my resignation in
person to President Diaz, and he at once
refused to receive it and only accepted it
when I had made clear the situation and
had shown him that it was utterly impos
sible for me to remain longer in the of
fice. At that time he expressed himself
as well satisfied with my conduct in of
fice.
Coney had net seen the report when
Fhown a copy of The Call containing the
Washington dispatch. He said the report
was utterly false and was originated
doubtlessly by some of his enemies among
the native Mexicans in this country, who
were hostile to him, because he was an
American and received favors at the
hands of President Diaz which they
thought they themselves should* receive.
BLAMES THE NATIVES,
TUCSON. Ariz.. Sept. 17.— A. K. Coney,
former Consul General for Mexico In San
Francisco, who was reported to be In hid
ing la a special dispatch from Washing
ton a couple of days ago, has been spend
ing the past three months in Tucson on
business connected with a proposed rail
road from Florence, Ariz., to San Jorgo
Hay on the Gulf of California.
Coney has also become interested in
several Arizona mining schemes. He says
he has never made any attempt to con
ceal his identity, except that on his ar
rival in Tucson three months ago he
asked the newspapers not to mention the
fact for business reasons. He has fre
quently stated that he was In close touch
with the President of Mexico, and his
business associates were consequently
gTeatly surprised at the report that he
was wanted by President Diaz for appro
priating to his own use the funds of his
office while Consul General at San Fran
cisco.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
Thousands of Acres Burned Already
and the Destroying Conflagra
tion Is Not Yet Under
Control.
Train Now Bears Him Toward I.os
Angeles and He Intends to
Return by Steamer to
This City.
Five Hundred Men Try In
effectually to Stay
the Flames.
Denial Made of the Report
That Diaz Is Looking
for Him
+ —
Commission Merchant's Residence
Searched by Crooks, Who Take
Several Hours for the Job,
but Secure Little.
Marauders Flee in Haste,
Leaving Sacked Loot
Behind Them.
Enormous Blaze Sweeps
Through Forests
in Sonoma.
Former Consul General
of Mexico a Resident
of Tucson.
N. Botto Awakes to Find
Burglars Have Paid
Him a Visi't.
CONEY SAYS
HE HAS NOT
BEEN HIDING
FIBE DEFIES
THE EFFORTS
OF FIGHTERS
FRIGHTENS
THIEVES FROM
HIS HOUSE
THE SAN FRANGISCO, CALL, BRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 18, 1903.
5
Two full Paire* of
Story and Pictures.
"How Conductor Pat Krancln
Saved the
YellowHtnne Special
From the
Tea Train." .
Flrnt of n new nerlrn of
thrillliiKT railroad stories
lly Frank II. Spearman,
Next Sunday Call..
loss of their girlish. forms
All of this can be avoided,
however, by the use of Mother's Friend before baby comes, as this
great liniment always prepares the body for the strain upon it, and
preserves the symmetry of her form. Mother's Friend overcomes all the
danger of child-birth, and carries the expectant mother safely through
this critical period without pain. It is woman's greatest blessing.
Thousands ) gratefully tell of the benefit and relief derived from the
use of this wonderful mm •
Emm fc'^Jr Ejm B>iy nr%T S^m fl57 iBBf Srm^^/WmmW Jmf ¦^V^^t^A
book, telling all about mumi ' mW XV
Tfes Bradfisld Raaiitir Ca« Atlanta. Ga. £a. kW^m^SmWW^a
— i— ™^_^E?2?j?jy.':. : .;; ; ; J THE emporium. j the emporium. j the emporium. '
50c Lace Hose ~ Miilinei*\r A Final 1BO3 ll
Twenty-Nine Cents iwiffiflCTJ. Wa^h Gnnd* &S*fff* i
We have secured several hundred dozen hdics' /ifM&JfrjfMW #J*»1#O ««»" HUWIId *<ftt© ,«
imported lace lisle hose in entirely new dc- %*§*%** MUM Big  9 TO'tSay and Saturday Oltly *
signs, made of the best quality lisle thread, AtU»."i««f a-j-..««» * "'% "«•' r %. *^. j «
Hermsdorf black, with high spliced heels and - A lar S e . Io £ of s rca l Scotch (Words, $
double soles, the kind that Jre sold every- * " . 3* «<*« wide; the same goods ana many n
, , - } 4 M ] fflfvZ z^'^ similar styles to those we arc having made $
where at 5 oc pur, here on JQ for the coming Spring to sell at 35 c.£ 45 c 3
Friday and Saturday only . . SKfflM vMS^^*^^ W&?* Because of our policy to carry no J
-_ _ ¦ { goods from season to season to-day we have »*
Clothing Sale K^/ C;^^^^^^0^' ) p t laccd thcm onoursa]c$tab!cjto *&{* \
•Mw* mTm mt mfm. v m "?- WmV&^QOmm^QmWSB&99mVmJm\mmmm^iS/yfiA* C*O5C 3 L* ••••••« ••• **
To-Day and Saturday * .« j I • « j- 3
j- v Jrffl» - mmf%M£! American Madras— A nice hne weive, medium *
&33M*Ga& Off' m Y^ISS^/$iii£yii*2r colorings, such n are usually ;o d at 12 ';c per yard; but H
** *i* m r+>%m*im9mmMM <m m wmm *~[^i^^SSr t0 effectually close out our present stock of them, to- 1
&s*§R!Gg of Boys' Not 9 " , vJ 4 JIM da - vandto - m;rrow th;yar= Gi ° \
folk and Douhle-Breasted '^^^ JttL «7 V\fi*zzn>n£*3*<si 7^r* ?
suits to-day and Satur- WtmPr wrappers S&C ?
day alSO, If Quantity lastS, \tf§ Man 7 hundred ladies* new Fall Fbnnelctte -J
at a price tor which you \Wr >. f al ! t)r ' having T^'f' : 5
nnceiri nn4 his\r 4ht% w€*4m*— finished w:th bordered rufHs to match, bishop •*
couiu not nuy me mater- a distinguished showing of model siccve, high collar, and deep flounce on ;?
lal Say nothing Of the man- J mts f rom U ie WorWs Foremost Mil- »kirt; colors red and white, blue and white, $
fag. They are actually Hners in OUr beautiful parlors On black and white; in neat dainty patterns, such %
worth $2.50 and $3.00. second floor. One of the most notable " polka dots ' fa ° cjr stri P= s and smjU fi^ C5;
Select from; all Sizes Ladics ' PercaIc Wrappers— Best quality hravy %
„ !L A m*% - ' percale, made with pointed V yoke, back and front '2
from 8 to 13 years. Your trimmed with rum, and 6™^ wi* &* nrmh- 3
C§toiCB for tllS £$*'$ m^% iy m S braid; high' rolling collars, bishop sleeves, de:p X
twZtZmv*: ZbamOZ) The Paris Model fluuncc on i sklrt ' tmaU fi s urcd cffc « in new ofin \
• Boys' Long P;nts Suits— The new Fall styles for ages 12 %0UmWW9-mWnU UUWIIS _^___^__^_^_ g
'to 19 years, in mxtures, stripj. and p'ain blu: cheviots; \; . f/lf SCGOttd flOOr Fabric GiOVBS '5
every garment perfectly tailored and guar- . -%-% \ ¦ mmmm mm w< •* »*»*¦ .^
anteedtom &5mUU 2Sg* SOc OO "*
Boys'3-piece Knee Panti Suits— For ages 9 to 15 years; 7 m ' m * % '9 «*«*W %w..w
an almost endless variety of new Fall pat- _^gm g%s mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm Four hundred and fifty pairs women's tvro-clasp extra Berlin '5
t-rns in cheviots, cassimircs, twesds; etc. J9«#*wd /Iw/iniitiw M^trMiM SMm S'd' 3 ' c G' oves (clasp tJ match color of gloves) in a'.! the %
, A satisfactory, %vell-« earing, shape-retaining Suit for %*9 pQ&LTmMMmEfl BZm jfL MB m S3 B m latest coloring?, such as modes, beavers, slate and gray, .%
.$'0.00 — Is what we wish to te 1 the men about to-day. with self and black stitched backs; also white _ J
Materials are strictly a 1-wool b!ue or b'afk serges and L^S&tB E^Smfy^S \£\f%$I^ and fast black; sizes 5 J,' to 7; pries. . . j£5C \
-chevioti— fancy cheviots, casiimeres and worsteds— " mmmm ff«#VV mfw MaO«<9
either single or double breast sack coat, every garment _.. . , . , .. ,. Women s Two-Clasp S.Ik Taffeta Gloves- ',
perfect fitting and thoroughly tailored; ±JJ nn Fall Opening and Sale Of attraCtl Ve neW *** black only, sixes S >i to X; per pur . 5UC g
th: best yet fjr . . . . ' &IUmUU Styles iri WOITien'S WaiStS Of imported Women's Mocha — One hrg= clasp, the correct gloTe for >J
Streetcar Uniforms 515.75— Made according to tpscfica- ¦.• 1 • . j r~ !• i_ is Fail wear, in gravs and black only — per -^ •»
t-onsfurn^hedbytheUnitedRailroadsofSanFranchco- ITiattingS, CheVlOtS and English VCStingS. pair. . . . ". $1.00 'J
of 26-ounce, pure wool, indigo blue flannel, trimmed In preparing this showing we left no stone unturned to -___-___-__~__«__i_________.________ jy
in a first-class mannir," the fit guaran- c ¦» secure the handsomest creations of the foremost designers. _^ m %
teed; only. . . ... ... . We purchased large quantities and, therefore, secured excln- SflGCtSii S&iCS *
M.m- r% g- siveness and price concessions which warrant us in placing _ . _ _ m mmm *«
TOOtn BrUSheS before you the very best at the lowest cost. ii/iQml S FUrntSntmlUS *
Special 3C? 14G We advise early selection of your new fall waists before 'J
A big lot of good quality tooth brushes— full assortments are broken. Another great purchase of Men's SUH-Bosom g
size, white brist'e stock, polished bone Worthy of mention are the following taken from a great Shirts, including hundreds of the famouj L-.on £
handles; worth regularly 15c each; O^ quantity of beautiful styles. b « nd > whlch never retails regularly at less ,J
Friday and Saturday.'. . &C Waists made of a beautiful medium weight cotton pongee, than Ji-oo, and nnnv hundreds of high- ;,
High grade imported tooth brushes-Best quality suitable for Fall wear on all occasions. Strictly fg *£*? .£ 3 §
pure bristle stock, assorted cuts and textures; -tailor-made. Front, cuffs, shoulders and adjustable which we give you your unrestricted *^jf> £
not one worth less than 25c. Fri. >g Jf nozV. are neatly trimmed with washable Persian of choice— to-day and until c : osin_< tim: g %jf flp *
day and Saturday ... ... « Tr© a dainty pattern; front and back is pleated; our price Saturday, each j«
-- 4 - m ~gm • $3m50 Men's Handkerchiefs hall price, »nd less — all J
C&ntftCStiGnS mmQG Waists of Figured Cheviot — Tucked back and front; double box pleat pure linen hemstitched handkerchiefs; actual 50c and \g
These arc very pretty and worth double the Sale down front and trimmtd with fanc l r buttons; adjustable stock; colors, 75 C ?»!"«; fine qualities, perfect in every r:- «2
nrirr for FriHav and Saturday Thpv *rr f> white, blue, oxblood, green and gray; our price $2.25 spect; your choice to-day and Saturday, each mZOC *
price tor Jrnday and Saturday. 1 hey are 6 N tw Embroidered Linen Walst-Adjusuble stock, pleated back, panel M , „ „ w iIX—Ij roM « %
inches high, silver plated, in the mT-gw front ef&ct, buttering at side; regular * s .oo value at ... $3.75 Men's HaU Hose — Jacquird weaves, fancy J
pretty French finish; sa^e price, ea. Waist of EngII$l? V e,tin S -Ba,ket weave; colors, black and white and 2fe^^2^^»^S^ I
""¦•¦~~~""~™""™""™™""^""" 1^^^^^^^™ 1 ™""~" 1 ""™"""" 1^~~ green and white; in checked stripe3; thi3 is a very swell wa>st and a ra ; r Y\rr" for mm 3 C '*
mmm a ff#ff A fi S S+mm m *% mm part'cularly adapted for wear with tailored suits; price . . . $3. SO . ...--.-
UirUUG~lG& m -mw9iyU m jr9 Walst of snk Finished English Vesting - Pritty box pleats falling from Men's ¦ Underwear— Finely made garmentj that *
TO-DaV atlti Saturday thoulder and three unall box pleats down center ot front; pearl ball will wear sat sfactorily, in ecru, gray, tan and blue ribbed; "%
_ ~ - - - ; " j . , ... • buttom down r.de of pleati and on cufft; box pl-ated back; in a new alio natural an! camel's hair; positively the hex that -J
BaCOn -haStem; SUgar-CUred, the .bade of un only; price $4.75 c*>°= produced to per garment . . m -_ %
very finest; for the two 1 y 1f% Other new fall waists in heavy cottons &I-UU ,5
days, lb # #2*? f rom $ r , £0 t0 $ ? r Ot Flannels, oSc. $1.50 o M ««^f e Q fe e *
areal Coffees -Fig Prune, Postum Cereal, Carm:l and y _ , 0, «« . Zlfc^fct* C,V-,7,L^ «f, X, 00133 Oa/CS %
Old Gris: Mill; package . . Wo a7ld OO > aU COloVS. StClliaHS, $2.50, AM .J - - *
imported Swiss Cheese- Ememhai, finest quality; lb $2.js> black, white, pink and blue. BtMSWSj nJ Sit!* £23*38 &§*&£» %
Ghirardelii's Ground Chocolate— i-lb tins. . . 25o ""~"™~ >> ™™ mmmmmmmmmmmmmm mmm Hijh-grarlc Terra Cotta Busts— 16 inches tail, x
Imported Sher/y Wine — The genuine DufF Gordan — handsome ornaments for parlor or library, 8 different pop- !€
. Gallon, regularly '4.00, for $3.00 f7* ~m ular subjects; our low department store price (Si. 50 "5
Bottle, regularly £1.00, for 7SO ~f^^ 'f ' t ' — • each) still further reduced for Fr'.day and Saturday °<^
Imported Port Wine— Royal Crest Spanish; bottle 7Bo T £? ' mV'fomPf/ r^f^n" 1 T M '£ ' JFff - * -$1'15 •*
XrlMcBrayerV/hiskey-The genuine old reliable; for Handsome Blended Mottled Jardiniere - 8 ?
the two dajs . . . . . . . ... ... . 93.25 CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST- M . m »m inches across, 3 different styles, complete wi;h a <-leaf *
Cabernet Clartt-Extra 8-year-old wins, rich and m^low; . maBam - S^ m &&-*- 7tSa ~^ preset ved palm, bunch of moss ani flower-pot; worth *
f^Ilon • 85C -^^PmW-^* 1 *^ AKZmCKS GRANDEST STORE « least « 1. 2? —Friday and Saturday Q3c 5
Old Crow Whiskey— Hand made, sour mash, bot 82o ¦• , r "\ ... ' . ' Vt «
Gilka Kummtl— The genuine; for two day 3 , bot $t.O5 - Wrought Iron Jardm.ere Stands 7So "^
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Easy Is Keep Well
If you :r.!;c proper care of your
stomach and take regularly
every :::jm:ng ha!i a glass of
It will surely drive out
CONSTIPATION
and all the other unpleasant-
nesses thit come from a slug-
gish liver. It will brins you
health and keep you welL
Don't accept any substitute for the
genuine riunv«!l Janos in bottle with
bine Ubel, red center, bearing trade-
mark et above.
fc *PATENTSl • j
mapkft :sr 5F^ii»y
GB B f\ 0 (f\ Ammunition. Huntii'g and
r ilLiBtL. sporting 'iexxio. Lar^'-t'
E S|M «ock. Lowett price*. .-vnJ
vX 1 1* tjr -H P.EVE & BARB2K CO..
ir 1ZU il»rket «t. «pd 311
Kearnjr tf-T tt t ITH the people of France the problem of
\j\l the low birth rate is about as absorbing as
• Y is the negro . problem to the Southern
States, or. the growth .of Socialism in Germany.
Various have been the suggestions concerning it.
Some believe it to be a sign of a decadence of the
•s \ others deem it a proof of the advancing intelli
gence of the people. It seems to be conceded indeed
that the birth rate is lowest where average intelligence
is highest. Thus it is stated that a careful^ investiga
tion of the problem throughout France revealed that
the few places where the population is not diminish-,
ing are those where the working classes hfov£ neither
the intelligence nor the leisure to take thought of the
future.
Some authorities . look upon a diminution in. the*
number of children among the poor as a distinct
benefit. A Dutch Minister of Finance is quoted as
saying: "No real amelioration of economic conditions
can be expected unless the number of births falls off
heavily. * * * Children are better cared for when
few in number; salaries and wages will increase as the
working population decreases;' mothers will be able
to tend their daughters more carefully."
Arguments of that kind are valid to a certain ex
tent, but experience on a large scale shows they are
not wholly reliable. Thus the condition of the work
ing classes in France is not better than that of simi
lar classes of workers in Britain and in Germany, and
yet in the last half of the nineteenth century the popu
lation of Germany increased 21,000,000 and that of
Great Britain increased 14,000,00b, while, the popula
tion of France increased only about 3,500,000. If
An aged negro living harmlessly in a Virginia
shack was murdered a few days ago by his ignorant
white neighbors, who believed him to be a sorcerer
and fit food for buckshot. This crime may suggest it
self as a reason for us to reform our complacent no
tion that we have progressed in any measurable de
gree from the atrocities of Salem .witchcraft days.
The recognized faculty of Californians to change
their environment, if they cannot .adapt it to their
uses, and to build out of an unfortunate situation a
structure of hopes and aspirations, has had another
conclusive demonstration. A prisoner in Yreka jail
recently made himself a set of keys and unlocked
himself to freedom.
It is a pity that the only thing-Sir Thomas Lipton
has caught in the United States is an aggravated case
of 'appendicitis. It is sincerely to be hoped that the
distinguished visitor .will carry it away only as an un
pleasant memory flitting across recollections of an
otherwise enjoyable visit.
Two Pennsylvania men contracted hydrophobia' a
few, days ago in a kiss.' And the strangest part bf
the unfortunate affair is that no Philadelphia girls are
involved in it. • The incident,: however, has not yet
been catalogued as one of the oddities of Pennsyl
vania life.
RACE bUICIDE AGAIN.
It begins to look as if Russia's promise to evacuate
Manchuria is intended as a huge, diplomatic, practical
joke. It appears to be all the more practical, as the
nations that are able to resent it won't, and those
that want to cannot. The lesson which Russia is
teaching in the affair is of marked- value,- as it may
teach Japan the funny side of things.
GREEKS AND BULGARIANS
A RECENT dispatch from Sofia says: "The first
indication of the Greeks aiding the Bulgarians
against Turkey appears in a circular addressed
by the general stall of the eighth revolutionary dis
trict to the Gretk towns and villages in the vilayet of
Adrianop'c. It expresses pleasure at hearing that the
Greeks desire to join their Bulgarian brethren in the
tight for liberty and invites the Greeks to send dele
gates to confer with the Bulgarians to formulate
}• ans for joint action.'" The dispatch goes on to add:
"' i he mixed population of Greeks and Bulgarians in
fifteen villages of the province of Kostur have joined
tii- insurgents.*!
Those reports are stricjly of the kind long since de
scribed as "important if true." Were the Greeks to
join hands with the Bulgarians residing in Macedonia
the end of Turkish rule would be near at hand and
the great powers would have to agree upon a pro
gramme and get their armies in motion at once if
they wished to save the entire Balkan peninsula from
devastation. It is not at all likely, however, that any
considerable number of Greeks will aid the Bul
garia!:?, for they have aims and aspirations concern
ing Macedonia themselves, and those aims would be
seriously compromised by Bulgarian success. As a
matter of fact if the Greeks be compelled to take sides
in the contest they will most likely be found on the
side of the Moslem fighting against their Christian
brethren, the Bulgarians.
The issue is one of politics. It is evident that the
rule of the Turk in Macedonia and Thrace cannot en
dure much longer. That vast and important coun
try, carrying »vith it access to the Mediterranean and
to the Black Sea, control of the Bosphorus and pos
session of Constantinople, must sooner or later pass
into new hands. Should they succeed in annexing it
to their country the Bulgarians would be in a position
to build up a first-class power and perhaps in the end
annex Greece to their kingdom. On the other hand,
should the Greeks fall heir to' the Turk they would
add enormously to the prestige of Greece and give
l*er an opportunity for national expansion. Hence*
between the Bulgarians and the Greeks there is no
more probability of an alliance than there is between
two rival claimants to the heritage of a big estate that
cannot be divided.
Greece has had one tu?sle with the Turk and has
co <iesire for another. Bulgaria left her to fight that
battle alone and she will serve Bulgaria in the same
fashion. As between the two races it is not easy to
decide which is the worthier of the empire for which
they arc intriguing and struggling. It is said that in
Macedonia and Thrace there are about four times as
many Greeks as Bulgarians, and on that showing
they would have'the better right to the land. It ap
pears, however, that the Bulgarians while in a minor
ity are a much more vigorous people and therefore
better fitted to rule. . Neither is likely to succeed
against the Turk while acting alone, and in that fact
lies the temporary salvation of the Sultan.
A recent review of the situation says: "If aspira
tions for the political and economic growth of Bul
garia are ever to be realized the state must touch
some other sea than the Euxine, which is now vir
tually a Russian lake. Access to the Aecean would
at once raise Bulgaria in importance and power by
giving it both a Black Sea and a Mediterranean lit
toral, while on the north for hundreds of miles it
flanked the Danube. Greece, already pushed so far
down the Hellenic • peninsula that its economic
strength is too slight to maintain the burden of inter
national rivalries, would be threatened with suffoca
tion, and the statesmen of modern Hellas are thus
more reconciled to the continued domination of the
Turk, tinder the Jieavy restraining hand of Europe,
than to the possible expansion 'of a rival Christian
state in a region that the Greeks themselves much
covet." .*-*.
The rivalry between the Greeks and the Bulgarians
has not been concealed on either side. It was only a
short time ago that one o^ the leading statesmen of
Greece, ex-Premier Zaimis, was quoted as saying that
Greek sympathies are with the Turks and that Greece
would cooperate with the Sultan if necessary to sup
press the Macedonian insurrection. Such are the
facts that give interest to the Sofia report that a num
ber of Greeks have joined with the Bulgarian insur
cents. It is big news if it be true.
WILLITS EXCURSIONISTS
ARE PROMISED SEATS
Interest Is Excited J»y Forthcoming
Sale of Lands at New Railway
Terminus.
Colonel W. II. Menton, manager of the
country land department of the Burnham
& Macsh Company, reports that there Is
lively interest in the property at WilMts,
which is about to be placed on the mar
ket. This is justtfled, he says, for the
reason that the former terminals of the
San Francisco and Northwestern Rail
way—Cloverdale and Uklah— grew from
towns as small as Willlts to cities, and
Willits has advantages that neither of
the other cities mentioned possessed.
Colonel Menton says tnat he will see
personally that each arid every one who
goes on the excursion train to Willits
next Sunday to view the property is pro
vided with a seat.
Telegraph Hill Improvement.
The matter of preserving and beautify
ing Telegraph Hill and ultimately turning
it into a public park was before the exec
utive committee of the North End Pro
tective League last night. The commit
tee decided to call a mass meeting of the
residents and property owners of the
North End next Thursday evening at
Washington Square Hall, when their
conclusions and recommendations will be
submitted for approval. On that occa
sion Captain Robert H. Fletcher will give
a lecture and exhibit stereoptlcon views
showing the improved hills of foreign
lands, and will tell how Telegraph Hill
may be made* one of the most picturesque
spots in the city. Members of the Wom
an's Club will be represented at the meet-
Ing, and besides. Captain Fletcher there
will be other speakers of prominence.
Injured Persons Want Damages.
Two suits for damages were filed yes
terday, one by Samuel Macauley against
the Oceanic Steamship Company and the
other by Clara Bach against the Califor
nia Street Cable Railroad Company. Ma
cauley asks for $10,000 for injuries received
on board the steamer Sonoma and Mrs.
Bach seeks $10,200 for Injuries received
while she was a passenger on an O'Far
rell-street car last August.
Valuable Estates Appraised.
The estate of the late F. H. Bushneil,
the photographer, was appraised yesterday
at $112,000. He left $38,000 cash, a well
established business and stocks and
bonds and promissory notes.
The estate of Mary Elizabeth Emelio
was appraised at $101,713. It consists of
improved realty on Market street and
$1213 in cash.
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen'sj, 230 CalL
fornla street. Telephone Main 10-13. .• ,
Townsend'a California glace fruits anrt
candles, 50c a pound. In artistic fire
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market st.. above Call bldg. •
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 17.— The opening
of the regular fall term of the public
schools in this city has resulted in a
great deal 'o'f confusion, owing 1 to the in
adequate capacity of the school buildings
to accommodate the great increase in at
tendance. Complete reports turned in at
the Board of Education up to to-day show
a total enrollment of 23.227, which Is a
gain of 4407 over last year._
Los Angeles Schools Crowded.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 17.— The following
Californians arrived here to-day: At the
New Willard— H. C. Lansberger" and A.
H. Lansberger of San Francisco.
Californians in Washington.
The free concert and lecture course of
the South Park College Settlement will
open this evening with a concert in- the
Shaw gymnasium In the rear of • thef set
tlement building. Among those who- *wrtli
contribute musical numbers are: "SIl?s
Alice Rhine, Miss Tlbbets, Miss Ewfng.
Miss Lippitt, Mrs. Hengstl^r .^fld Mr.
Buckley.
College Settlement Concert.
NEW YORK. Sept. 17.— From San Fran
cisco—S. Goldberg, at the Savoy; L.. M.
Greenwood, at the Park Avenue; G. E.
Moore and wife, at the Earllngton; Miss
I. Tay, at the Manhattan; Dr. Hassil
hurst. at the Imperial; J. J. Gleason, at
the Murray Hill; J. H. Kritche, at the
Manhattan. -^
From Sacramento— Miss M. Fay, at the
Earlington.
From Los Angeles— C. A. Bernard, at
the Hoffman; G. P. Taylor, at the Im
perial; V,*. G. Taylor, at the Broadway
Central.
Californians in New York.
Probing Into the causes underlying the
phenomena of thought-transference, mes
meric Influence, spirit communication and
all the phases of occultism is something:
that Is attracting the thoughtful at- the
present time. The world Is having what
may be termed a "psychic revival."
Every one, however practical, is anxious
to know something of the hidden causes
that make these phenomena possible. Dr.
Mclvor-Tyndall's demonstrations are
based on scientific facts. His theories are
presented in a convincing way, explain
ing many of the obscure phases of mental
and psychic science.
"Hypnotism— Good and Bad" will be the
subject of Dr. Mclvor-Tyndall's Sunday
night lecture at Steinway Hall. There
are many erroneous ideas in regard to the
good and bad effects of hypnotism, and
those who attend Dr. Mclvor-Tyndall's
demonstration Sunday will doubtless be
rewarded with much enlightenment on
this strange power. The lecture Is arous
ing a great deal of Interest, and Steinway
Hall will doubtlessly be packed to the
doora. Reserved seats can be secured at
"That Man Pitts," 1008 Market street.
After the talk Dr. Mclvor-Tyndall will
give a demonstration of the powers of the
sub-conscio\is mind, illustrating the prin
ciples of mental wireless telegraphy.
The public Is frequently startled by the
claim of some culprit or criminal that he
was hypnotized to commit the act for
which he la in custody. Those who are
supposed to know generally declare that
It Is impossible to hypnotize a person so
as to make him do anything he would not
doln the normal state. Altogether there
Is more diversity "of opinion regarding
this one phase of occultism than any
other subject in which the public is In
terested.
Dr. Mclvor-Tyndall Will Lecture on
This Puzzling Force Next Sun
day Evening.
INTEREST IS AROUSED
IN HYPNOTIC MATTEKS
Preparations for infusing a national significance
into the local fight are being vigorously, carried out.
The New York Sun says: "Leader. Charles F. Mur
phy has had long talks on this subject with David B.
Hill, Senator Arthur Pue Gorman of Maryland,
Chairman James K. Jones of the Democratic National
Committee, Senator Joe Bailey of Texas and Senator
Clark of Montana, and lie expects soon to have-a talk
with Senator William J. Stone of Missouri. Mr.
Jones is to be succeeded in the next , Democratic
national convention, possibly by Senator Stone or
James M. Guffey of Pennsylvania, as chairman of the
Democratic National Committee. Senator Clark is
also mentioned for the place. The conferences with
Mr. Hill, it was said, occurred at Albany, while those
with Senators Gorman, Clark and Bailey and Mr.
Jones have taken place here. * * * Leader Mur
phy's talks with these national Democrats, it was
learned, is for the purpose of giving to the Demo
cratic city fight this fall a national flavor, which in a
measure will set the keynote for/ the Democratic con
ventions to be held next spring for the election of
delegates at large to the Democratic national con
vention."
Calling men from Texas, Montana and Missouri,
to say nothing of those from Maryland, into consul
tation over a city election in New York shows a de
gree of activity on the part of the Eastern Demo
cratic leaders that it behooves Bryan to watch closely.
He and his followers won the fight against thcreor
ganizers in Ohio, and Tom Johnson stands there as
a triumphant exponent of the Kansas City platform;
but Tammany may manage to make a showing this
fall that will offset that of Ohio. There is very little
likelihood that Johnson will be elected in Ohio, and
consequently if the Tammany Democrats, represent
ing the Eastern wing of the national party, win out
against Low the chances of the Bryanites in the na
tional'convention would be seriously impaired. The
tactics of Tammany arc therefore wisely adopted.
In the first place they avoid a straight fight against
Mayor Low on local issues, and in the second place
they afford an opportunity for parrying the Bryan
blow in Ohio, each of which is good politics from a
Tammany standpoint.
OF the,,electons to take place this year it may
be said there will hardly be more than a local
interest in any except the State contest in
Ohio and the city election in New York. The Ohio
campaign is raised above the level of a strictly State
issue by the appearance of Tom Johnson in the field
as a Democratic candidatefor. Governor. It is well
known that he cares for that office only as a point of
vantage from which to make a fight for the Presi
dential nomination of his party next year. Thus
while his platform carefully excluded all reference to
national affairs beyond a vague denunciation of im
perialism and trusts, the campaign none the less takes
rank among the national issues of the time.
In New York city the contest, like that in Ohio,
will have more or less effect upon national pofitics.
In fact it is reported to be the aim of the Tammany
leaders to make the fight one of national rather than
of local politics, thqs reversing the tactics of Johnson,
who seeks to avoid the strength of the Republican
position on national issues by making a fight on State
issues only. Tammany evidently believes the reform
administration of Mayor Low to be too strong for a
direct assault, and accordingly the plan is to raise
some kind of a strictly partisan issue and thus rally
all Democrats of whatever class to support the ticket
on election day.
THE NEW YORK CAMPAIGN.
Araln we ask you not only for your vote-, but
to do your best in influencing your friends to
vote "yes" on this proposition No. 3. in. favor
of our earnest appeal, on election day. Septem
ber 29. lJHXi.
Our most pressing need la a larger and mor«
sanitary' building an* we earnestly ask th*
help cf every voter In securing the passage of
bend issue No. a. the successful passage of
which will enable us to pursue our studies and
derive a great deal more benefit generally than
we arc doing at present.
There are now ."73 pupils crowded into an
ordinary flay school basement, thus overcrowd
ing us to such an extent that th«re have al
ready this term been over seventy-flve appli
cants who have vainly sought admission an;l
are now on the waiting list. We not only a<<
you for our sake personally, but for the general
betterment of the young man who works during
the day and does not get an opportunity la
educate himself In the ordinary way. The
Board of Education has done all In Its power
to advance the Interests of thla school and tt
now remains for the voters to act.
The following resolution was unanimous
ly adopted by a committee selected by the
students:
The committee of the student body of the
Humboldt Evening High School (drawing de
partment) do hereby aak the aid of all work-
Ingmen, mechanics and voting public to secure
enough votes for a new and better school. The
present attendance of this drawing school is
composed of young men who work during the
day and are trying to educate themselves in
their respective lines at night. The school at
present is wholly Inadequate for the large at
tendance.
The students of the Humboldt Evening
High School drawing department held an,
enthusiastic meeting last Wednesday
evening to formulate plans in order to
secure the support of the voters on the
bond Issue providing for the ' erection of
new schools.
Besolution Asking Aid of Public
Adopted by Students of Draw
ing Department
ASK VOTEBS TO SXTPPORT
BOND ISSUE FOK SCHOOLS
A Chicago man claims that he has invented a
process by which he can change the color of dia
monds. There is no reason'to boast over'that. You
can find men on any crowded street corner of- San
Francisco who can make diamonds disappear ' as
completely as if they never were if the operators are
given only half a chance.
Walter T. Parker, tax agent for the
Southern Pacific Company in Los An
geles, Is at the Lick.
Frederick Swanton, a capitalist of Santa
Cruz, returned yesterday from a visit to
Tallac and is staying at the Grand.
General Atwood, who recently retired
as chief quartermaster of the army divi
sion in the Philippines, returned from
Manila on the transport Sherman yester
day.
Paul Meyer, who as a delegate from
Nottingham, England, has been attending
the convention of Chambers of Commerce
in Montreal, Is a guest at the Palace,
having journeyed West to view the coun
try.
Brigadier General Craigle of the Seven
teenth United States Cavalry, who went
to Manila on the Sherman on her last
trip as a colonel, returned on the same
vessel yesterday, promoted In rank and
retired.
Charles A. Baldwin Is up from Santa
Clara for a few days and Is staying at the
Palace.
W. P. Hammon. head of the big dredg
ing enterprises near Oroville, is registered
at the Palace.
Dr. W. L. Hood of Sonora Is at the
Lick.
Dr. Thomas O. Treen of Los Anceles is
At the Palace.
Judge E. C. Hart of Sacramento la In
the city for. a, few days.
"W. L. Pierson, a real estate agent of
Sacramento, is at the Palace.
Dr. and Mrs. John W. Robertson of
Livermore are registered at the Califor
nia.
PERSONAL MENTION
The male chorus consists of about forty
voices and the ladies' chorus of an v-qual
number, all well trained and possessing
natural gifts of melody unusual in such
large numbers. In addition to these, the
features of last evening were the soprano
solos of Mr* Eva- Kienlg-Frledhofer.
who possesses a voice of wonderful
sweetness, expression and range, and tho
cello solo of Paul M. Friedhofer. The
full programme follows:
Part I— "Fruhllnjarslied" (Weinziert), male
chorus; (a) "Blanche de Provence" (Cheru
bini), (b) "Zwiegesansr" ((Jail), ladles" chorus;
"Concert Arle" (Mendelssohn). lira. Eva
Koenlu-Frtedhofer: "Traum der Uebe"
(Hermes), male chorus: (a) "Adagio" (Huydn>.
(b) "Danse Neapolltalne" (Popper), cello soil.
Paul M. Friedhofer; "Der Strom ' (Rhelnber
ger). mixed chorus.
Part II— (a) "Wl?genlled" (Brahms), (b)
"Altniederlandiaehos Lied" (arranged by Krera
•er). <c) "Heuto 1st hout' " (Weinzlerl), mala
chorus: (a) •UngreduJd" (Schubert). <b> "Wa!
desgesprach" (Schuman). (c) "Waraung" (Mo
zart). Mrs. Eva Koenlg-Frledhofer) : (a) "Mtn
nelled" (Urahms). (b) "Morning T f on <"
(Jungst) ¦ ladies' chorus; "Old Folks at Horn*
(arranged by Netdllnger), male chorus; (a)
"L'Amour" (Cartlett). 0» "Fruhlingszeit
(Becker). *oll for soprano, with cello obllgato.
Mr. and Mrs. Friedhofer: "FTIsch hinaus
(Nessler). mixed chorus.
Frederlch Zech Jr. acted as conductor
and Paul Scholz presided at the piano.
The opening concert of the Verein Arlon
season was given last nfght at Native
Sons' Hall to a large and appreciative au
dience and if the initial performance be
any criterion the concert? of the Veroin
Arion will be a distinct addition to the
musical features of the city during the
coming winter.
Those who took part In the programme
last evening were Signor Domenico Bor
ghesi. Miss Grace Llewellyn Jones, Signor
V. Ursamando. SIgnorita Alicia Cuenca,
Professor L. D. Ventura. Canter E. J.
Stark, Mexican Consul Rafael de Zayas
Enrlquez, Signor D. Locapo and Signor
S. Martinea. -
The programme presented last evening
was of exceptional merit and those who
participated were accorded hearty con
gratulations. At the close of the enter
tainment an informal discussion was par
ticipated In and it was decided to secure
the presence at the club'i entertainments
of distinguished visitors at such times as
they may be In this city.
The first monthly entertainment of the
recently formed Polyglot Club was given
last evening at Steinway Hall under the
direction of Professor L. D. Ventura, in
the presence of a fashionable gathering of
ladies and gentlemen.
The objects of the club are the promo
tion of literature and the study of art.
music and foreign languages, the list of
patrons including many prominent citl
«ens and residents.
. Dr. James D. Murphy ,of the Emergen
cy Hospital staff of this city is enjoying
his annual vacation witlv friends in San
Jose. His enjoyment In the prune Bectlon
consists of. taking initiatory lessons In Au
tomobile bucking.
Mr. and Mrs. P. F. Ferguson announce
the engagement of .their daughter Anita
to Louis J. Springer.
• .' -' • V- •
The Papyrus Club will -entertain its
guests and friends on Wednesday after
noon, the 23d. This club, organized by a
coterie of clever. women for the purpose
of cultivating the supposedly rare sense
of humor, has really proved a source of
pleasure to its members, likewise to the
guests who are fortunate enough to hold
cards. Some very clever stories are told
within the club's precincts and they are
cleverly told. It might behoove many of
the raconteurs' husbands to pick up a
few points in story telling, for all men
don't tell stories well, though they fondly
Imagine they do.
A garden fete for the benefit of the
San Francisco Presbyterian Orphanage
and Farm of San Anselso Is to be held
October 3 in the beautiful grounds of
Mrs. A. E. Kent at Kentvllle. The women
that guide the affairs of this excellent in
stitution are sparing no effort to make
the fete yield a profitable sum to~~its
rather depleted treasury, and to that end
are planning many attractive features,
no word of which will be divulged until
the day is near. Surely there Is no char
ity that appeals so universally to the
heart as that which extends Its protecting
hand over homeless little ones.
The gardens of Mrs. Kent are beautiful
ly wooded and replete with shady nooks;
In these bevies of fair maids will dispense
various kinds of goodies.
' The following ladies are directors of
this very worthy home: Mrs. P. D.
Brown, San Rafael: Mrs. J. Dollar, San
Rafael: Mrs. Robert Dollar, San Rafael;
Mrs. N. D. Rideout, San Francisco; Mrs.
L. McLalne. San Francisco; Mrs. F. l>al
ton, San Francisco: Mrs. J. S. Webster,
San Francisco; Mrs. H. L. King, San
Francisco; Mrs. T. P. Tisdale, Alameda;
Mrs. J. C. Ford. Berkeley.
Deducting the coal and similar raw products of the
soil from the exports, Mr. Palgrave shows that the
entire manufactured exports increased in value dur
ing the twenty years under review only to the amount
of £15,000,000. He then adds: "Meanwhile our ex
ports of the irreplaceable mineral wealth of the coun
try had increased about £22,000,000 in that time. Man
ufactured goods can be made, but mineral products
once extracted from the earth can never be replaced.
It is difficult to realize this. It means that we are
now selling every year so much of the soil of Great
Britain as is equal in value to one of our counties."
To those and similar arguments of the advocates of
protection the free traders reply by asking upon what
class of imports they purpose to place the proposed
duties. Then they submit an analysis of the imports
of the United Kingdom in this table:
Per Cent
of Total.
1. Food 44.S
2. Liquor 1.5
3. Raw materials for use In Industry 28.S
4. Crudely manufactured ma,ter!alB for use In In
dustry 5.4
5. Wholly manufactured materials and plant for
use in lndustrv 8.0
6. Domestic appliances and personal necessaries... ' 5.4
7. Luxuries 5.4
8. Miscellaneous 2.6
Total 100.0
There in a nutshell is the argument aeainst Balfour:
Upward of 85 per cent of the entire imports are made
up of food products or of raw material necessary to
the industries of the people. Upon which of these
classes will the protectionists place their tariff? That
is the issue that confronts John Bull and it is not at
all surprising that he is worried about it.
A crumb of comfort is offered to the free traders
in the statement that the excess of imports over ex
ports is not a sign of decline in British wealth or of
a consumption of capital. Thus it is said that while
the excess yearly averages about $800,000,000, the in
come receivable from foreign investments, calculated
at $312,560,000, added to the earnings of the British
merchant fleet engaged in foreign trade, calculated at
$450,000,000, "is probably more than sufficient to ac
count for' the average excess of imports." !
While it is unquestionably true that a large per
centage of the excess of British imports over exports
is paid out of revenues derived from foreign invest
ments and from freights paid for shipping, it is doubt
ful if the free traders can maintain the doctrine that
the whole of the excess is thus paid for. The current
number of the National Review present* a strong ar
ray of arguments on the other side and submits a
series of tables of comparative statistics showing that
the consumption of capital is actually going on and at
a portentous rate.
Discussing the subject "Are We Consuming Our
Capital?" one of the writers for the Review, R. H.
Inglis Palgrave, says of the trade between 1881 and
1891: "People generally assume that we must have
made what we sell. The figures for 1881,
1891 and 1001 are ±234,000,000, £274,000,000, £280,000,
000. This looks like a satisfactory increase, nearly
£50,000.000 in twenty years. But these figures include
coal exported. Coal is taken as illustrative of this
class of goods. * * * Coal is merely a raw prod
uct extracted from the soil, not a manufactured article
at all."
CLOSELY following the publication of Bal
four's pamphlet on "Insular Free Trade"
comes the publication of the blue book of
the British Board of Trade containing statistics
which, show various aspects of the trade and the in
dustries of the- country. In hardly a single respect is
the showing encouraging to the advocates of the ex
isting fiscal policy, for the sum total of the whole is
a renewed revelation that the imports of the country
are increasing in a much larger percentage than the
exports and that. to some extent at least the British
of this generation are consuming their capital.
. Some of the significant figures of the report are
those showing- that in the period between 1890 and
1902 the total exports to foreign countries actually
diminished to the amount of $90,000,000, while the im
ports steadily increased. In the trade with the
United States the change brought about during the
period was remarkable, for exports from Great Brit
ain to the United States declined in that time from
$I45,ooo,tx>o to $97,000,000, while imports from the
United' States rose from $585,000,600 to $635,000,000.
It is further noted that the proportion of the United
Kingdom exports; as between protected and unpro
tected countries, in the markets of the world, has
been reversed since 1850. Then it was 56 per cent to
the protected countries and 44 per cent to the others.
In x 1902 the proportion was 42 per cent to the pro
tected countries and 58 per cent to the others.
BRITAIN'S TRADE PROBLEM.
POLYGLOT CLUB
GIVES PLEASING
ENTERTAINMENT
GARDEN FETE
TO BE GIVEN
FOR ORPHANAGE
I large families meant inevitable distress aiJd wretched
ness among the poor the* British and the German
workers ought now to be in a condition much lower
than the French workers, but they are not.
The latest effort to explain the diminished birth
rate of the French is made in La Nouvelle Revue by
Ernest Laut. He holds the Government responsible
and insists that taxation is so high that it is impossi
ble to bring up a big family in France on the ordi
nary wages of the working classes. After reviewing
the various l schemes that have been suggested as
means of increasing the birth rate he says: "What
are all these projects of laws of heritage, these prom
ises of official favors or decorations, to the father of a
family, crushed by taxes and groaning under his bur
den? Not so long ago the pride of race and patriot
ism sufficed. The father was not content to beget'
children; he made sacrifices in' order to. rear them.
And what gratitude did the state, which took them,
show him? None. Finally he' found out that he
was being duped. From this discovery came the
trouble which France is meeting now. Man, after
all, is made in the image of society; the egotism of
the one has made the other egotistic. Make law-s and
speeches.' appoint commissioners, assemble con-,
gresses, institute decorations— it will • do no_ good.
France will continue to lose in population so long as
the state burdens large families by reason* of their
very size, so long as the citizen is sacrificed to the
needs of a narrow political principle, so long, in a
word, as the people are oppressed instead of pro-,
tected."
FIRST CONCERT
OF SEASON BY
VERE1N ARION
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 18, 1903.
FRIDAY SEPTEMBER 18, 1903
JOHN a SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
/caress All Communications to W. S. LEAKE. manager.
TELEPHONE.
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator Will Connect
You With the Department You Wish.
PCBLICATIOX OFFICE.. .Market and Third, S. F.
EDITORIAL BOOMS 21T to 221 Stevenson St.
Delivered by Carriers, 20 Cts. Per Week, 75 Cts.
Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cents. ¦¦
Terms by Mail. Inclotflhir Postage (Cash With Order):
T3A.ILT CALL (Including Sunday), one jrefcr ?S.OO
DAILT CALL (Including Puad&yj, 6 months... , 4.OO
DAILY CALL— By S'.nirl* Month ....TBe
CUKDAT CALL. Ob* Tear ....; 2JJO
¦WEEKLY CAT. I.. Oa* Tear .......I l.OO
f Dally... $8.8O Per Tear. Extra.
ro REIGN POSTAGE \ Eunday.. 4.15 Per Year Extra
I Weekly.. 1.00 Per Year Extra
•A|«aa* 0% p»z|joq»a8 ai« aj»)««tn»«oa HY \
subscriptions. •,
6*tnpl* copies will be forwarded when requested. t
Hal] subscribers In ordering 1 change, of address should be
ptrtlcslar to cive both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to Jai urt %. prusr.pt aad correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAJVD OFFICE!. j '
1I1S Droadway Telephone Mala 1OS3
OEKKELET OFFICE.
SMS Center Street. ....... .Telephone North 7?
C GEORGE KIlOgXESS. Manacrr Forelftm Adrer
'Jilnt. .Marqnrlte Ilolldlntr. Chicago.
(Lous' X>lataaoe Telephone "Central 3619.**)
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
MORTON K. CHAXC 1400 G Street, IV. \V.
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
tTEPHUX U. SMITH 3O Trlbnne Dalldlns
KEW TORK CORRESPONBENT:
C. C. CAKLTOX Uerald Square
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hctel; A. Brentano. 31 Uoton Square;
Uurray IIU1 Hotel; Fiftb-avvnue Hotel an-1 Herman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel:
Tremont House; Auditorium Hotel; Palmer House.
HUAXCH OFFICES — «27 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
vr.til 9:3l) o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. 633
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. 613 Larkln. open until
B:8O c' clock.. X64l Miwlon, oped until 10 o'clock. 2261
lUrKet, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1099 Va
l»cc«a. open until 9 o'clock. 108 Eleventh, open until 9
e'eiock. NE. corner Church and Duncan streets, open
until 9 o'clock. N1V. corner Twenty -second and Kentucky,
cp«>n ur.til ¦ o - clock. 2200 Flllmore. open until 9 o'clock.
6
GREAT ATLAS OFFER
Will close on September 24,
1903, and all holders of Atlas
Coupons are requested to pre-
sent them immediately, a's this
great opportunity to secure one
of these splendid Atlases at The
Call's premium rates ' will be
brought to' a close on Septem-
ber 24.
THE CALL'S
"Lees and Leaven"
r imff' //T SAAC BUNTON watched the clerk
1 rT***i^— —^^— *^^^^~~~/ I 8O to his desk and enter a charge
* " - S^*'^S I against a customer for a ton of
x \ w5 coal. Then he turned again to a
*' ' <-\ tanple of figures he had made and mut-
"\*V tered, 'A ton of coal! Eah! A thousand.
x J s3l&8F3'+r^ ; ten - a hundrert thousand! That ous^t to
. >^?3*3^HmEW^ ;i*2 be the size of my buslnes3. Plgiron? A
1 1 •w^^^^^^^Bk-" "C* truckload" — as a truck stopped on the
* * " '«5? " " '* «, j-^? scales — "with ten thousand tons of It al-
i>*- |K$ ,^^ . j' - '. most on iny hands. In my hands. If. I
, "'- ~* ; ""VtffVrv - could raise $3000 more! The bank la run
% ¦ * .* * ' bv a lot of grannies, who are in a panic
** - r i~f < ,}; because I've mortgaged everything— even
' ( j ~t^$L~ ' my home- The first big chance of my
4, t *< **""?¦*»"£? " life; an advance of two dollars a ton—
'^^?M V V f* - three, four, five— almost a certainty I"
ll^tllii :;^k~; T^SZ^^Bte*^ ' "There vra.3 a. rincr at the door, and.
: g^%g^3pBfla»feBL ; without waiting for the maid. Mr. Eunton
p^gB^a.If^iSBttlDBmtfagijBj answered It. A telegram. lie did not
E^silfy open It until he harl returned to the sit-
' tlng-roorn. Then he read It. and, let it
W£tW$2im :4QJ5BBEailjfiR : iBKH drop from his hand with a cry of race,
:^af>^Jf*^Mli^^Bi^-- 'Married! To a sneaking good for
"Mrs. Bunton picked up the dispatch.
but hers was a cry of joy: 'Oh, thank
$** "She had never before seen the man
? ¦¦'¦;j| who now turned on her. the man to whora
/ V : shc had been nearly twenty years maj--
i That 13 literature, the t*nsc. vigorous.
W$*8iH%jrf- ""¦¦• ' - concentrated, passionate Iiterati:re of to-
f^j^^P";?^ - -^ • day, the sort of powerful word pictures
$f$&f§£&% '¦ - -jJ^T^^jKSSSl that carried E. "W. Townsend of "Chlm-
tliiliili^ iMKmKsS^'BfieiHiH I m^ Faddpn** fame to the top of the lad-
_jm__m ' I * T^fJ — Z]Z literature that has placed The Sunday
irJkg&F 1^ \ tSJ&L S~ Call In an exalted position in up-to-date
• bSrCP^ 'VeSK^Er Journalism, never before attained by any
-W,, f-fi X8&& other paper in the entire West. And
/ i/A^r +iV IsSeX those arc only two 1Ittle excer P ts frora
I XW <V" jf," K*U* Mr. Townsend's latest success. "Lees and
1 // ' tlP^ t&zZ Leaven." which begins in the next Sun-
\ \<W n&T day Call, and which strikes an altogether
\. ffu r / Jy _ n ew and novel note In American lltcra-
\ ' l^^l 1 Mtm ~j?Iftp ture— the ri^ht of a young slrl to make a
\. >F<Sl!v *9&jr free choice of a husband. However, you'll
, te/ read the story for yourself.
\. *r And then, who has not heard of Frank
\/ . h. Spearman, the writer of American
IreSiStfil railroad stories whose thrilling, fascinat-
ing qualities are the talk of the whole English-speaking world. Next Sunday
begins the first of a series of hi3 best work. It is "How Conductor Pat
Francis Saved the Yellowstone Special From the Tea Train." With the pic-
tures It fills two whole paces.
Then there are two full pages of "Half-Hour Storiettes." "The Hero, the
Husband "and the Boy," a little bit from real life that would make one ot the
best one-act plays ever written. There is mystery, humor, pathos and senti-
ment in every line of it. "A Romance of the Great North Trail." showing the
perfectly Inexplicable and fascinating things a woman will do for the man she
really loves; "Carrlngton's Mystic Mermaid," "Elizabeth's First Proposal."
"The Real Trouble With Dan," "Uncle James' Great Victory." "Fables for the
Foolish," "A Study in Piracy." by Josephine Dodge Daskam.
There is genuine substance in fiction for you. Now hera you have the very
best . that is written in wit and wisdom. Next Sunday you will get the finest
contemporary thought in four entirely new and distinct series. "Recollec-
tions and Reflections of the Bonanza Kings Who Put a Girdle of Gold Around
the World." .by Thomas Fitch, "the Silver-tongued Orator"; "Why Amer-
ican Is More Successful Than the Briton," by John Fester Fraser; "Talks to
Parents on the Training of Children," by William J. Shearer, A.M.. Ph.D.;
•'Letters From a Self-made Merchant to His Son.", by Old John "Gorgon"
Graham. .
. And here's substance in humor. Have you seen those cats? Just watch
for "The Meows of a Kitty" next Sunday and you'll see why everybody is talk-
Ing about them.PITTSBURG, Sept. 17. — The sentry who shot
and killed William H. Crowell last Thursday
will be first tried by court martial, then turned
over to whatever branch of the civil authorities
may be determined udozl.
WALNUT CREEK, Sept. 17.— Mrs.
Naves Martinez, widow of Vicente Mar
tinez, after whom the town of Martinez
was named, died at the home of her son
yesterday, aged 77 years. She was a pio
neer of this county, but .was born in San
Francisco. Her husband . owned many,
thousands of acres of land in this county.
Three sons survive.
Death Calls a. Pioneer Woman
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 17.— The gover
nor's office is in receipt of a dispatch
from the Governor of Missouri request
ing that Sheriff Collins of Fresno County
be instructed to hold Lee Spivey for a
requisition charging him with having
committed murder In Cape Girardeau
County, Missouri.
Acting Governor Alden Anderson has
advised Sheriff Collins of the requisition
of the Governor of Missouri, and the
Sheriff has replied that he has Spivey in
jail and will hold him until Acting Gov
ernor Anderson honors the requisition for
Spivey's return, which will be done as
soon as the papers arrive, at the Gover
nor's office In this city.
Governor of the Eastern State Asks
That Lee Spivey Be
Held.
MISSOURI AUTHORITIES
DESIRE THE PRISONER
SANTA CRUZ. Sept. 17.— At 11:30 o'clock
last evening there was a head-on collision
in front of a bathing establishment at the
beach between a circus train and a pas
senger train caused by the circus locomo
tive not having a headlight. Both cow
catchers were badly damaged, but no one
was Injured.
Circus Train Has a Collision.
Lundy carries largest stock lS-k. plain
rings in the city. 4 Third street •
FATHER KAKES THREATS
AND CRIME HAY RESULT
SAN DIEGO, Sept. 17.— The charge of
criminal assault against H. E. Proctor of
Imperial has been dismissed. The case
has attracted wide attention and engen
dered much bitter feeling, and the father
of the young girl now threatens to shoot
Proctor at the first opportunity.
The attorney for Proctor argued that as
Proctor had not been brought to trial
within sixty days! as prescribed by the
statutes, the defendant should be dis
missed, and to-day Judge Torrance so
dismissed the case. •
Gladys Grey Dorsey Ruthers. who in
June of last year became the wife of Cap
tain George Washington Ruthers, ' L* S.
A., and who a few months later instituted
proceedings to have the marriage an
nulled, is free to take a second chance in
the matrimonial lottery, if she so elects.
Yesterday Judge Hebbard annulled her
marriage on the ground that whan it
was performed Mrs. Ruthers was under
age and became a wife without the con
sent of her parents. The day she became
Mrs. Ruthers she was' only 17 years. 4
months and 26 days old.
Mrs. Ruthers is the daughter of John
Webster Dorsey, the well-known attor
ney, and Mattle Brinckerhoff Dorsey, an
artist of note, whose matrimonial Infelici
ties were aired in the dlvorce( court sev
eral months ago. It was while her father
and mother were airfng their troubles in
the courts that she fell in love with the
gallant army officer and went secretly
with him to. San Jose and became his
wife.
Clara E. Brlen was granted a divorce
from TV. G. Brien by Judge Troutt for
desertion. The testimony in the case was
taken b%* deposition. Mrs. Brien being at
present in Dawson. Brien did not appear,
but allowed his default tp be entered. He
is one of the best kodwn horsemen In
this country and is from Lexington, Ky.
Divorces were also granted to Lizzie
Long from Charles Long for desertion,
Emma RIcketts from Kugene Ricketts for
neglect, and Fannie Lang from Sanders
Lang for desertion.
NSuits for divorce were filed by Emflieu
Redon against Rosalia Redon for Infidel
ity. Rosa Nelson against John Nelson for
cruelty and E. M. Roberts against Thom
as £>. Roberts for neglect.
Withdraws Her Opposition.
Ella R. Chamberlain yesterday with
drew her opposition to the appointment
of Butler Smith as administrator of the
estate of her daughter. Ella R. .Smith.
and Judge Troutt appointed him. His
bond was fixed at 510.000. The estate is
worth $100,000 and Smith is the sole lega
tee, the will providing, however, that he
should pay to his mother-in-law {123 a
month during- the rest of her life.
Dr. Ogden Declared Insane.
Dr. G. W. Ogden wa3 examined as to
his sanity by Drs.'McGettlgan and Rith
ers yesterday, who declared the young
physician to be Insane. Evidence was
given showing that Dr., Ogden had be
come a victim to the use of morphine and
cocaine. Judge Hebbard committed him
to the State Hospital at Napa.
Hebbard Annuls Matri
monial Ties of Mrs.
Captain Ruthers.
The engineer of the train leaving San
Rafael at 4:59 o'clock noticed Tronchet
and stopped the train. The unfortunate
man was taken aboard and conveved to
San Francisco. ¦
The shock was received at Manzanita
station and was intensified by the fact
lhat Tronchet's clothing was wet. The pro
fessor was out walking-. He had crossed a
marsh and his shoes and trousers came
in contact with the water. Later he
climbed over the wire fence protecting
the lailrcad right of way and stepped on
the live rail. He was thrown several feet
by the shock and could not walk for a
while afterward.
SAN RAFAEL. Sept. 17.-Despite all re
ports that the current in the rail operat
ing the electric cars on the North Shore
line will not kill or seriously injure a
man. Professor Tronchet, former fencing
master of the Olympic Club of San Fran
cisco, to-day was a victim and the first
since, the installation of the new system.
He received the entire voltage through
bfttt^feot. but lives to tell about it. He
was badly burned and was unconscious
for a time.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
SAN BERNARDINO, Sept. 17.-Henry
Umfrled and W. H. Greer of "West River
side have returned from the desert and
tell of an experience they had with an
Jniiiitn north of Manvel. They had gone
to a region where Umfried had been two
years ago, expecting to locate placer
fields. When Umfried was first In the
region he found an abundance of water
and so on this second visit he qnd Greer
made no preparations for an emergency
and had the bad luck to find the springs
nothing but dry hole*. They suffered
greatly from thirst and at last turned
their pack animals loose, believing they
would instinctively find water.
The men were too exhausted to keep
up with the animals and next day, when
about re-ady to end their misery by self
destruction, an Indian came along with
their animals. He demanded that they
turn over their outfit to him and give
him money, which they did, before he
would guide them to a waterhole.
The experience was all they wanted and
they prevailed upon the Indian to guide
them back to the nearest trail. The sec
tion where they were lost Is scattered
with volcanic rock, but in many of the
canyons there are good indications of
placer gold.. From Umfried's description
of the place it is evidently in t'he neigh
borhood where John Vv'ard of San Ber
nardino was lost some time ago.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
COURT'S DECREE
ENDS ROMANCE
Gold Hunters Have Nar
row Escape in the
South.
Fencing Master^ Meets
Witb^ Accident in
Marin.
Attorney Dunne recalled Williams in
an effort to refute the testimony of the
newspaper men. Judge Sloss then an
nounced that in their final arguments
the attorneys would have no limitation
put upon their time. *
When court' opened yesterday Attorney
Hiram Johnson called to the stand wit
nesses in rebuttal of the testimony for
the defense. Harrold Warren, a reporter
of the Post, Daniel McLaughlin of The
Call and AY_ H. Levings, formerly of the
Chronicle were put on the stand
to testify to interviews with Thom
as H. Williams on the night of tfie
assault. George C. Robinson, a commis
sion merchant, and Robert E." Sullivan, a
printer employed en the News Letter,
also testified. Marriott was recalled to
state that at the time the alleged scanda
lous article appeared in Lis sheet he was
busy with another publication and knew
'nothing of its presence in the News Let
ter.
With the taking of some minor points
of testimony jresterday morning, the law
yers in the $100,000 damage suit of Fred
erick Marriott against Thomas H. Wil
liams and Truxtun Beale were prepared
to submit their case to argument. Though
Attorney Peter Dunne announced that he
was willing to submit the case without
argument, Hiram Johnson for the plain
tiff objected and Judge Sloss set this"
morning for the hearing of the pleas of
the two lawyers.
Final Flow of Oratory in Marriott vs.
\ Beale and Williams Case
To- Day.
ATTORNEYS ARE READY
v TO SUBMIT ARGUMENTS
ELECTRIC RAIL
CAUSES INJURY
for a Methodist Episcopal clergyman's
pastorate over any church will expire
next year, so the most the Pomona Meth
odists could hope for would be one more
year of residence here by Dr. White.
The Rev. Dr. White Is considered one
of the strongest men in his denomination
in Southern California. He was born in
Valparaiso, Ind., in 1S58. He was gradu
ated at Cornell Coliese, in Iowa, in 1S83,
and upon finishing his theological course
became financial agent for Cornell Col
lege* His healtn broke down from over
study and he came to -alifornta In 1SS8.
For a. year he was idle. Then he was
appointed to the pastorate of the Alham
bra Methodist Church. In that little
church he fjuickly made a reputation by
reason of his excellence in public speak
ing and his earnestness. From Alhambra
he was sent to the Fallbrook (San Diego
County) church for two years; thence to
Sen Bernardino. -There he raised a debt
of $2S.0CO upon the Methodist Episcopal
church and in twenty months added over
200 new members to the church rolls.
SAVAGE SAVES
IN ON DESERT
POMONA, Sept. 17.— The Central
Methodist Episcopal Church In
San Francisco has siprnlfied its
desire to Bishop Cranston that
the Rev. Dr. George W. "White
of Pomona be transferred from Southern
California and be appointed to the pas
torate of the Central M. E. Church in
that city. The Bishop has acceded to the
request, and Dr. White has notified his
Pomona congregation that he will remove
to San Francisco immediately after the
close of the present annual conference
in uo% Angeles, and will occupy the pul
pit at the Central Church on the first
Sunday in October.
The Pomona Methodist Episcopal Church
is very sorrv to lose Dr. White as its
pastor. Under his pastorate during the
last four years the .. local church has
grown faster in membership and influ
ence than any similar organization in that
region. The five-year limit of residence
POPULAR CLERGYMAN OP POMONA WHO WILL LEAVE THE SOUTH
ERN CALIFORNIA TOWN AND TAKE CHARGE OF THE CENTRAL
METHODIST EPISCOPAL CHURCH IN THIS CITY.
The club also passed a resolution to
extend Mr. Erwin a benefit entertainment
to be hold in the near future.
Resolved. That the California Camera Club
hereby places on record its sentiment of highest
regard and estepm for the character and prin
ciples of Mr. Krwiry and hereby further gives
expression of Its fuflest confidence in his integ
rity and honor, and perfect reliance in his un
swerving fidelity to any trust reposed in him.
President A. L. Coombs occupied the
chair, and upon opening the meeting read
numerous letters and telegrams from
those members who were unable to at
tend but who took those methods of ex
pressing their approval of the gathering
and sympathy with the object in view.
By a unanimous vote the following res
olution was adopted:
Whereas, For many years past James W.
Erwin has been an active member of the Cali
fornia Camera Club and for many consecutive
terms ha.« acted as its president, during all of
which time we, his fellow members, have had
ample opportunity to judge of his character and
integrity; and.
Wherea*. We have ever found him the expo
nent of the highest principles of honor; and,
"Whereas. We desire at this time and con
sider it our duty to publicly express our regard
for Mr. Krwin: now. be It
A special meeting of the California
Camera Club was held last night at the
clubrooms for the purpose of expressing
the entire confidence of the club in James
W. Erwin, who served the club for many
years as its president.
Camera Club Expresses Esteem for
ex-Postal Official,
TRIBUTE TO ERWIN.
Inspector Munro says he did not know
whether any special appointee would ever
be sent out to fill the position now ren
dered vacant. The work will now be done
by the different officers in the postal in
spection service. ,
Munro had already made an application
to the Government for another inspector,
as the number is inadequate to keep up
with the growth of the postal require
ments here. Should Erwin be vindicated
at his coming trial there is no reason to
suppose that he could not be reinstated
to the position. Attorney Knight is con
fident that the evidence he is securing
will prove his client's innocence. Among
the numerous names appearing on the
back of the warrant as having given
testimony which led to the issuance of
the indictment papers that of Richardson
is the only one known to Erwin, and
Richardson is the only one with whom the
ex-postal inspector Is acquainted. Some
of the others he has heard of, but has
never met them or in any way been Iden
tified in business transactions of any sort
with them. It would therefore seem prob
able that the indictment was issued en
tirely upon the statements made by Rich
ardson. What those statements were is
still a mystery.
The whereabouts of Richardson is still
unknown to the general public. When he
left here four weeks ago he announced
his intention of returning about this time
and stated that he thought he would take
the trip home in a leisurely manner and
would probably return over the Xorthern
Pacific.
Inspector Robert R. Munro is tempo
rarily in charge of the office of Assistant
Superintendent of City Free Delivery,
vice James W. Erwin, dismissed. TV hat
action the Government at Washington,
will take is not known.
JEFFERSON CITY. Me.. Sept. 17.— Governor
Murphy to-day ofterpd a reward of $.100 for the
arrest of Daniel J. Kelly, apent of the Baking
Powder Trust, who is und»r indictment for
bribery in connection with slum legislation In
the Missouri Genera! Assembly.
Mrs. Saunders, whose name oft the
stage was Anderson, was the grand old
lady of ihe stage twenty years ago, as
Mrs. Gilbert is to-day. Time was when
her name alone was a leading feature of
playtfills throughout the country, and her
rendition of old women's parts was con
sidered without a peer. A cousin of the
great Joseph Jefferson and of William
"Warren, the famous character actor, Mrs.
Saunders was= an intimate also of the
grfat Booth and Barrett..
Mrs. Saunders first appeared before the
footlights fully fifty years ago, while yet
in short dresses. Her young womanhood
wss spont in the carkins grind of barn
storming companies. The stage coach and
the river steamer were often the only
means of transportation between one
night ptandF. Her life was a hard one
and succors was slow In coming. It was
not until she had become a woman past
the prime when success came to crown
her early efforts.
As the portrayer of old women Mrs.
Saunder? began to win a great reputation
during the '70s. The part of the nurse in
"Rom?o and Juliet," Mrs. Malaprop of
"The Rivals" and the old woman in "The
Jewess"" were her leading roles. She was
a favorite* at the old Baldwin and Califor
nia theaters in this city. She had the
distinction of holding the part for Edwin
Booth at his first production of "Hamlet"
in the old Star Theater, New York.
L. R. Stockwell played with her in "The
Jewess*? Just before she retired from the
stage, almost twenty years ago. Since she
forsook the footlights Mrs. Saunders has
played the part of fairy godmother to all
of the younger actors of the coast, and
by her gentleness has fixed herself for
ever in the whole-souled appreciation of
the actor world.
Very near to the ringing down of the
last curtain, Mrs. Elizabeth Saunders, the
beloved old actress of a past generation,
lies grievously ill at her home. 510 Capp
Ftreet. For nine weeks she has been
bravely fighting against a severe attack
of bronchitis and asthma, which has
wasted her strength to such an extent
ttat Dr. T. G. Inman, her physician,
slites that it is only a matter of a few
days before her life will end.
Was Considered the Grand
Old Lady of Stage Many
Years Ago.
Dismissed Official's Lawyer
Confident of Client's
Acquittal. ,
Mrs. Elizabeth Saunders,
Old-Time Actress, Is
Very IIL
Postal Inspector Munro
Takes the Position
Temporarily.
WAITS LAST RING
OF THE CURTAIN
ERWIN'S PLACE
NOT YET FILLED
THE SAN FRANGISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 18, 1903.
Pulpit of Central Methodist Episcopal Church
Will Be Occupied bV the Rev. Dr. G.W. White,
Who Has Worked Well in Southern California
¦ - . -
PROMINENT POMONA MINISTER
IS CALLED TO SAN FRANCISCO
7
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
ZINE I CLEVERNESS J 1
AMUSEMENTS.
%J I tiA -£ T TTro EIGHTS of the'&«
\ dreat Lau»hinK Pltce. %
A Pricnd of the ramily.
Featuring Oorre Bamum. for years
7? % com '' <li "i ¦w-Jth May Irwin, and
I! f* Johnson, leadlr.ir lady of the CHig-
laal Frawley Company.
JJATLVEE TO-MORHOW.
„ NEXT r-l-ND»Y MGHT
Mr. Eaaiuel Thall Offers Isadore Wit-
mark's Famous Comedy Opera,
THE CHAPERONS.
OrtrJnal ICew York All-Star Cast.
FJrft Big Musical Ootn^y.
5° — Slnririjf I'^ople — DO
Augmented Orchestra.
DON'T MISS IT— OXE \-~-m
m || 1 WEI^K ONLY. »1
TIVOLISSS.
• NOTE — Perfornsance fommfncfs at S sharp-
Saturday Matinee at 2 *harp.)
— — TO-KIQXCT
And Saturday Ki|M YtrtFm Immortal Opera
"IL TROVATORL"
Saturday Matine« »r.i Sunday Xt>rht. Bellini's
"LA sdKfVIBULA"
Next w^k — •Carmen" and "La. Traviata"
<.Cair.i!le).
PRICES AS t'SUAI^-25e. 50c. 75c.
Telephone Bush 9.
K. norSBTTS Latent Spectacular Novelty.
"IIN PARIS"
An Electrical Review in Four Tableaux,
Arnesen; Janiss Hichmond Glenroy;
Princess Losorcs; Frederic Bond
and Company and the Biograph.
Last Times of the Original Rio
Brothers; Almcnt and Duniont and
Fischer and Wacker.
reserved Hr«t«. "Ttc: Balcony. 10c: Ifcx S»a:«
«r,d Opera t'halrr, 50c.
IBU3H8 W &
l~&rf*e-l\ Arpeorance as C<i-Ptars in This Citv
HENR\ r iWLLER
nARGARET ANGLIN
Las' " Nights — Mailr.ee Saturday.
* 4 TKE AFTERMATH."
An Adaptation cf "I-'' MaJtre des Forgeg."
N^xi Mor.day — Henry \V. Savape ar.r.ounces
THE MERRIEST MUSICAL. COMEDY.
PRINCE OF PSLSEN.
T > Plxlejr i- Lu.ier?. Authors of •'King Dodo."
SEATS NOW READY.
-[P S*^ fe 5^ a 5* L BHLAFCO
% «^B=j3 0 C CSHfcs & MAYnr..
*¦ Prcr^.
Uarket ft., near IZighth Phone Fouth S33L
Ma'ir^'f To-M':rrcv\- ami Sunday.
TO-NIGHT — REDMEN'S NIGHT.
ItasnfSocct Fl eduction of the Gorjr»-ous Mili-
SSCSElfflKERS
An Auprenl«J Cast and Stape Settings of
Oriental J=r»'«*ndor.
ririrpc Evcntar* '°c to 50c
i?Il*ED lUttoeei lCc. 15c,
WEEK OF SEPTEMBER 51,
There Are More "Gxxl Th:n«s" in
"The Glad Hand"
"The Con-curer"
Than in a dozen of the usual burlesques. You
may doubt this, but pee for yourself.
our '"All-Star" Cast. Including
KOLH AND DILL
BARNEY CF.li.VAHD.
wiNFiEi-n r.LAKn.
HARRY IIERMSEN
MAUD AMBER.
ELEANOR JENKINS.
N.KhtJ. 2.V. y>c and 7.'c. Saturday and Sun-
day Jlatine«-g, SSc and 50c Children at Mat-
in»«>!=, I'*' and ?5*\
JOHN LE CLA!R
The Artistic Comedy Jujgler. and a
GREAT SHOW EVERY AFTERNOON \ND
EVENING IN THE THEATER.
Inspect "CABARET DE LA JdORT."
VISIT THE
"MYSTIC MIRROR MAZE"
RARE ANIMALS IN THE ZOO:
ADMISSION. 10c; CHILDREN. 5c.
When Thcuinj: Ask for "The Chutes."
r. 1 ] l\ lii «¦ i.n ¦ - * "M V*"f n VrT - 1 * t
EATCIiDAT, September 18. at 3 p. tn.. In
STEINWAY HALL.
The Initial piano recital of the season will be
riven, with Mr. Perclval K. Via Torx at
THE ANGELUS.
Soloirt Mrs. Lillian Birmingham, contralto,
»bo will eln* the "ElU*and O'cje of Songs."'
by A von Fielltx. This has never before been
done "with the accompaniment of a mechanical
piaco player.
Complimentary tickets may be eeeured at our
etcre any time before the recital.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. Kearny and Sutter
gtj.
PACIFIC COAST LEAGUE.
RECTtEATION PAKK,
EIGHTH AND HARRISON
CHAMPIONSHIP GAMES.
THURSDAY AND FRIDAY. 3:30 P. M.; BAT-
URDAY. 3:00 P. M.
SUNDAY 2:20 P. M.
SAN FRANCISCO vs. SACRAMENTO
LADIES' DAYS THURSDAY AND FRIDAY.
Advance Sale. 3 Stockton st.
T> T3 TT O tJ T7 O FOR BARBERS. DA-
oKUoriEiS ke ™. bootblacks. b«th-
U11UU11-JU houses, billiard table
hnwen. bookbinder*, randy-makm. canners.
dyers, flour mills, foundries, laundries, paper-
h»nj?tr*. prtnwrs. painters, shoe factorien
ttablemcn. tar-roofers, tanner*, tallorf, etc.
BUCHANA.IT BEOS.,
mr_ucix acanuf actnrers, 609 Sacramento St.
• AJ V J&liA" mnm ZNTS.
Health and beauty are the glories of perfect "womanhood. Women
¦who suffer constantly with weakness peculiar to their sex cannot re-
tain their beauty. Preservation of pretty features and rounded form is
a duty women owe to themselves.
When women are troubled "with irregular, suppressed or painful
menstruation, weakness, leucorrhoBa, displacement or ulceration of the
womb, that bearing down feeling, inflammation of the ovaries, back-
ache, bloating (or flatulence), general debility, indigestion, and nervous
prostration, or are beset with such symptoms as dizziness, faintness,
lassitude, excitability, irritability, nervousness, sleeplessness, melan-
choly, '* all gone " and M want-to-be-l^ft-alone " feelings, blues, and hope-
lessness, they should remember there is one tried and true remedy.
Lydia E. Pinkhaixfs Vegetable Compound removes such troubles.
Case of this Prominent Chicago Woman Should Give Everyone
Confidence in Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound.
" Dear Mes. Pinkham : — It affords me great pleasure, indeed, to add my
testimonial to the great number who are today praising Lydia E. I*ink-
liamN Vegetable Compound. Three years 'ago I broke down from ex-
f-Sgt&k cessive physical and mental strain. I was unable to
«pg3S|g-K secure proper rest, also lost ray appetite, and I became so
j^SpBSlillJok nervous and irritable too that my friends trembled, and
/6p£SjgK?|i ga|K I was unable to attend to my work. Our physician pre-
/flMiS*^^ ggBa scribed for me, but as I did not seem to improve, I was
Tg|ap' >gp3| advised to go away. I could neither spare the time nor
g^^. f^L &M money, and -was very much worried when, fortunately,
L tcst^M c * ne °' ™y club friends called. She told me how she had
l^k jL«X W °eencuredof ovarian troubles, and how like my symp-
I \£?^ yX * om9 vrere hers, seven bottles of vour medicine eared
1 jgfijK^ ><v\. her, and she insisted that 1 take some.
Sj| jK^C^v^^vVv "' I did so. and am plad that I followed her
jSfcljaa a""*^^ ;uv *>j#v^v advice. Within six weeks I was a different
'^^r^^^^^''''^''^y\ woman > strono- and robust in health, and have
////^^^^^i^^^ )een s ° ever since -
W^B^^^^^jij^^^^^B*^^ " A number of my friends who have been
' i^'/\ troubled with ailments peculiar to our sex
(&' ffirf^xrf--£&'\ '¦"'' '¦' have tak»n your compound, and h3ve also been
* greatly benefited." — AI139 Elizabf.tq Dalet,
270 Loomis St., Chicago, 111. President of the St. Ruth's Court, Order of For-
resters, Catholic.
What is left for the women of America, after reading such letters
a3 we publish, but to believe. Don't some of you who are sick and miser-
able feel how wicked you are to remain so, making life a burden for
yourself and your friends, when a cure is easily and inexpensively
obtained ? Don't vou think it would pay to drop some of your old
prejudices and "Try Lydia E. Pinkliara's Vegetable Compound,
which is better than all the doctors for cures ? " Surely the experience
of hundreds of thousands of women, whom the Compound has cured,
should convince all 'we men.
Follow the record of this medicine, and remember that these curea
of thousands of women whose letters are constantly printed in this
paper were not brought about by "something else," but by Lydia B.
Pinkham's Vegetable Compound, the great Woman's Remedy for
Woman's Ills. " t
Those women who refuse -to accept anything else are rewarded a
hundred thousand times, for they get what they want — a cure, floral
— siiek to the medicine that you know is the Best. Write to Mrs.
nnkham for advice. *
FORFEIT if werannot forthwith pr<vince the orlj'.nal latter and glgiiAtars oC
• *l*!i?!l aboTO tMtimoiilal, which will pr«vre Itj «h.v>lnt» K«nu:n;nr«*.
tfcrUUUtJ Lydia £. Piokham Mwlicino Co., Lynn, Mm*
" AD VE3ETXS KMHW TS.
bee:rs I
Famous the 'World B
Over-~FuUStMatared* |
I Sold EVirgUhrtH J
5 H1LBERT MERCANTILE COu. f«
I Pacific Coast Agents.
6 visit DR. JORDAN'S great , i
$eUSEUH OF AHATOHY?
A Q) iaiiIA5SZ;s?.t«t.8tU?.Xg.T.C&| \
\ tjf Th: Lar-pt? Asatomica] Museuai la ti»
V *9*5>>&. Worl<1 - Weakness** or iny contneterf , \
' SSrSw rt.«»^e P«««<»»'7 «¦»••< hjr the olde-,! ~
© /i?3| Specialist «m the Coast Eit. 34 ysirs. O
A gfgf I DR. JSnOAH-DISEASES OF MEM J
U I jSYi fl Tr»irswu p-rsor»!'y or by lett;r. A M
" j 7 M B r—ttitt Curt m erery case oadcrukea. \
d P 3 \\t$ Write fer B"**- '¦iloiopit «r A
T 3 \i MAKKIACK. MAILXO mXS. ( A J
> fl £|, Taluable book (or mea) \
V DB. JOBDAN St CO.. IC51 Afartet SL.*. P. Y
DR.P1ERCES
GOLDEK1
MEDICAL
DISCOVERY
FOR THE
BLOOD.LIVER.LUNGS.
jfcrfS@fe&»/g MENAHDWOMEH.
C»«BIj<Jfnrnna»tar»l
/BjjSr lm 1 1« i 4»y»/ci diichargsi. Inflammation*.
ETS3 OumiHl \A trriutioni or nlcaratlos*
hcSW Miuiul3«M. of mncoii njambrtn**.
It* 1 % Tr*—mim tuiifiM. P»!n.«t«, and not a*trla«
HT»V3iETiXSCHEMitJU.C3. gent or poiconoot.
MBEL U)l!I!tlliTt,0.B5j3 ««1« by Drnrti't*.
<5^rakT^jKg by expr*«». prepuld. foe
TCJWBtg>BBSBfy« ti.CO. or 3 bottle* (2.73.
' H Circular *«ct oa r*«a«rt.
\A/. T. rtESS.
Notary FnTsllc and Attorney -a t-Ioiw.
Tenth Floor. Rccm 1UI3. Claua Spreckeis bida.
Telephone Main 8S3.
Rtii<J»nre. S21 CaltfornU st.. below PowtIL
Reald^ncf Telephone Jameii 1501.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Pries Lists Mailed
on Application.
F3ESH A3TD SALT MEATS.
(1 C RftVFC ft C(V Butchers. 104
ik2. dUICJ tt KM. Clay. T«L Main 1284.
___ ____ _
LUBRICATING OILS: LEONARD A KT.T.IX
418 Front at.. S. F. Vbun* Main 1711*.
__« vTua'vmQ.
L. V. QLUnCJ, 511 San.ain. ,t. «. 7.
AMUSEMENTS.
ALCAZAR™™
I>lascr> * Mayer. Proprietors. .Phone Alcazar.
E. D. PRICE. General Manazer.
TO-NIGHT— -LAST TIIRF.E NIGHT3.
MATINEK TO-MORROW.
FLORENCE ROBERTS
In Sudermann's Masterpiece,
m.MACDA,.,
'•Held audicne* spellbound." — Call.
'•Strongly presented." — Examiner.
"Achleve>l distinct triurr*rh." — Post.
Evenings. "Z>c to T.V: Sat. Mat.. 15c to 50c.
EVERY TIirRSDAt MATINEE.
D'ANNUNZIO'S GIOCONDA.
WHEN NIGHT PRICES WILL PREVAIL.
ART PROGRAMME SOUVENIR.
Next Week— MISS ROBERT? in
'•THE ADVEXTVRE OF LADY ITRSULA."
MATINEE TO-MORROW AND SUNDAY.
Every lady and child presented with a sou-
venir ric-ture of a Lilliputian at all matinees.
THIRD WEEK.
POLLARD LILLIPUTIAN OPERA CO.
TO-NIGHT
To-morrow: Nirht pn^ To-morrow Matinee,
The Japanese Musical Comedy,
THE GEISHA
BEGI1JHISO SUNDAY MATXBXfi,
F>/\UL JONES
PRICES— Evenings. 15c. 25c. 50c. 75c.
Matinees, 15c, 25c. 50c.
EOdy Street. Above. Mason.
LAST MATINEE TO-MORROW
POSITIVELY" LAST TWO NIGHTS.
T&e XV Century Morality Flay,
"EVERYMAN"
Reserved Seats — $10>O, $1.50 ana $2.00
Sox Office. Sherman, Clay & Co.'*.
Coming— AUGUSTA COTTLOW. Planlste.
EMERYVILLE RACETRACK,
OAKLAND.
GOLDEN GAfifRACE MEET.
FIVE OR MORE RACES EACH DAT.
Sept. 19 to Sept. 26, inclusive.
RUNNING. TROTTING AXD PACING.
BEST HORSES IN CALIFORNIA WILL CON-
TEST DAILY.
ADMISSION Sue.
W M KENT. Treasurer
JOS. I. DIMOXD. Secretary.
I^CTURES *i.Nj> CONCHBTS.
/y^p^\\yjy stulr wat hall,
VWj rflMfS&z3 a^\ fr''\ "The Marconi of the
ggSjf^gy^jr^ {&>';] "HYPNOTISM: Goo.l
With Vxperfrn'cnts In
*Z2!t2'ZZ¥&&& 0 J Tickets 23c. 5Oc &75c.
Paiarp donttail to
laiaWV gce the beautiful
j COURT Lounging
fl fl fl room, the EMPIRE
UUU PARLOR, the
P j PALM ROOM, the
llfllHU LOUIS XV PAR-
UIUIIU LOR, and the LA-
U~i.,*1~ DIE S' WRITING
Hotels ro o m -Beaneaters Carry Off the
American League
Pennant.
BOSTON NINE
ARE CHAMPIONS
There is a family named Fennen living
In the north of England, whose original
name was Purvis. Two ' hundred years
ago Frank Purvis turned pirate and was
killed fighting on his ship. The family
then decided to relinquish the name of
Purvis and take that of Fennen.. and ever
since the eldest son of the family, on
attaining his majority, signs a pledge that
he will not resume the name of Purvis.
The pledge has been handed down from
father to son and bears some fifty signa
tures ; . . '.
The suit of Mrs. Jennie Wh|te to re
cover the fortune left by her former hus
band, J. L. White, was argued In Judge
Troutt's court yesterday. A. B. Treadwell
for the defense presented his case. The
attorneys for the plaintiff will present
their side to-day.
Mrs. White's Case Argued.
Running. one-half mile, handicap— Classes
won. Queen T second. Big Dutch third. Time.
0;48U.
Oregon Derby, for three-year-olds, one and
a quarter miles — Fossil won. Burdock second
Axmlnster third. Time, 2:C9V4. ' •
Trotting, three-year-olds, Webfoot stake —
Kwlft B won, Helen Norto second. Best time,
2:16%. , ,
Pacing, 2:25 clasti — Tidal Wave won. Prince
Tom second, Portia Knight third, Best time,
2:14!i. '
Lewis and Clarke stake. $2000, 2:25 trot
ters — Dr. Hammond won. Urlny K second. Bo
ladi third. Best time. 2:12%. (Sweet Marie
won first heat.)
Or., Sept. 3.— The mo3t inter
esting feature of the races this afternoon
was the Lewis and Clark stake, for 2:25
trotters, which was marred after the sec
ond heat by the ruling off the track of "WV
G. Durfee, the lessee of Sweet Marie.,
which is owned by William Garland of
Los Angeles. The judges charged Durfee
with pulling Sweet Marie and allowing
Dr. Hammond to take the heat. On ac
count of the value of Sweet Marie, Durfee
would not allow the substitution of an
other driver, and withdrew her. This the
Judges maintain he had no right to do. It
is expected both Durfee and the mare
will be ruled off the tracks of the Ameri
can Trotting Association. Results:
Judges at Salem Charge
Him With Pulling
Sweet Marie. .,
DRIVER DURFEE
IS RULED OFF
W. B. Gates.
Sixth race — Tiomaine, Spencerian,
Cap and Gown.
(By the New York Telegraph.)-
First race — Alcom R, Bugle Horn,
Capitol.
Second race—^-Worthington, Aules,
Varna Fonso.
Third race — Wreath of Ivy, Leech,
Ocyrohe.
Fourth race — Stand Pat, Uranium,
Light Opera.
Fifth race — Little Scout, Siddons.
DELMAR SELECTIONS.
Sixth race, six furlongs, selling — Geortuga
104, Comora S>2, Caybon H9, Cap and Gown
92. Dave Sommers 108. Tlomalne 87, Spen
rerlan 87. Maghoni 109, Requisition 112 Tempt
100.
Fourth race one mile selling — Light Opera
10O. Barca 104. Uranium 08. Stand Pat 101.
Fifth race, one and three-sixteenth miles,
purse — Siddons 101, W. B. Gates 98 Little
Scout 110.
ST. LOUIS. Sept. 17.— Delmar entries:
First race, six furlongs selling — Galolt 102.
Duke. Dashaway 104. Bugle Horn »0. D'Arcy
Ott. Model Monarch 112. Badger 108. Capital
ti-\ Zulma 104. Ponchartraln, 85, Alcom R 87.
Second race, mile and seventy yards, celling
—Counter Tenor U0. Varna Fonso SO. Worth-
Ington 103, Little Henry 104. Aules 06 Satin
Coat 100.
Third race, five and a half furlongs, selling
— Bertha Van 100. I^ady >Free Knight 105,
Wreath of Ivy 110. I^eech 305 Quaker Girl 104,
Ocyrohe 105.
DELMAR ENTRIES.
SIXTH RACE — One and a sixteenth miles;
selling:
Betting. Horse AVeight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
:: to 1 — Branch II. 1IM! (Sheehan). 5 5 11
7 to 1— F.I Caney, 09 (H. Phillips) 4 1 2 n
20 to 1— Goo Goo, OS (McKlnney). 3 6 3 n
Time. 1 :5;». Start good. Won driving. Win-
Tier. C. A. Randall' « br. g. by King Gallop-
Brooklet. Peat 1IKJ. Heglra 03. Russellton 106.
Ktifc.iiia S lol. Baronet 110. Cla«s Leader 100,
Whitmore 101. Luna Miner 110, Chlcunsha KM,
Bohul 113, also ran.
FIFTH RACE— Five and a half furlongs;
purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *4 Fin.
» to 2— Wenrick. 105 (Miller) 0 2 1 114
3 to 1— Atlao. 102 (H. Phillip*). . . 2 125
2 to 1— Walnut Hill, 105 (Castro). .1 3 3 4
Time. 1:15. Start good. Won eattly. Win
ner. A. K. Bnteman & Co.'s ch. c. by Pirate
of Penzanoe-Miss Olestine. Bu«<er 100. Matt
Wadleigh 07. Black »9. also ran.
FOURTH RACE— One mile; SeDtember sell-
Ins- stakes:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *; Fin.
7 to 1«> — Miss Mae Day. 105 (Phllps) 1111
7 to f> — Jordan. 107 (Austin) 2 2 28
C to 1— W. U. Gates, 100 (Shehan) 3 3 3
Time. 1:81. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, W. W. Elliott's br. m. by Hermence-
Alla Lalla.
THIRD RACTO — One mile: s«lUn*;
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. ?; Fin.
10 to 1— Don O'High. 1)2 (Phillips) « H 1 3
}< to 1— Leach. 85 (Shea) 3 12 6
0 to 1— T. Moore. JK» (McKlnney) 4 7 3 4
Time, 1:6194. Start \ rood. Won easily.
Winner. A. C. Bemay's ch. r. by Donald A-
Mokkahi. Athlena «2, ' Falkland 85, Dotty
Shute !•«$, Orleans 110. Macbeth 115, also ran.
SECOND RACE— Six and a half furlongs;
•filing:
Bettlnr Horse. Weieht. Jockey. St. ?i Fin.
8 to 1 — Wllhelmina, W» (Gullett)... tf 6 1 1
3 to 2— Stint. 10'J (H. Phillips) r> 4 2 nk
H to 1 — Whiten, ltt't (Castro) 5 3 3 15
Time. 1:31 «4. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. J. O'Neill's ch. f. by FlylnR l)utch
man-Chlcora II. Leila May 90, Lou Heach
101, Wineland 107, Ruth L 101. Mite Miller
107. Donna Bella M7. Catherine Knox 107,
Evening News 103. also ran.
FIRST RACE — Klx furloiurs; pur*e:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 10— U«hoove, Kio (Sheehan). 7 2 1 •,»
20 to 1— Escanaba, 100 (Calvlt)... 4 1 2 Hi
11 to 2 — ritra Vires, 100 (Hayes). 3 5 3 h
Time, 1:24>4. Start Rood. Won eaBlly.
Winner, W. W. Elliott's b. f. by Lampllgliter
ilarlon Q. Lady Esher 1OS. D'Arcy 100, Duke
Dashaway loo. After the Ball 105, L/Amanda
105. Princess Mac 103. Ueurgle Lfcty 105, also
ran.
ST. LOUIS, Sept. 17.— The September
selling stakes at Delmar Park to-day was
won easily by Miss Mae Day, the odds
on favorite. The track was heavy, the
weather cloudy a,nd a fair crowd was in
attendance. Summary:
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Don O'High, at Long Odds,
Is First in a Mile
Event.
Adds Another Delmar
Handicap to String
of Victories.
MISS MAE DAY
BEATS JORDAN
Per ship Susquehanna — Lat 35 B, Ion 32 40
"W. Fr ship Vllle du Havre, 45 days out, from
Philadelphia, for Hiogo: Sept 6. lat 29 25 N,
Ion 135 32 W, Br bark Alver Indus, from Port
Blakeley, for Frem&ntle, and wished to be re
ported all well; Au» 31. lat 23 05 N, Ion
125 57 XV. schr F M Slade. from Grays Har
bor, for East London.
DOMESTIC PORT.
PORT BLAKELEY— Sailed 8«pt 17— Bark
Charmer, for Cap* Town.
I*ate Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED. '
Thursday, September 17.
Stmr Qipsy, Leland, 24 hours from Monterey
and way ports. . \
SPOKEN.
George Adrian, who was treasurer of
the picnic committee of the Barbers' Lo
cal Union No. 148, was on trial before Po
lice Judge Mogan yesterday on a charge
of misdemeanor embezzlement. He was
accused of having been 150 short in his
accounts, and last June he signed an
agreement to pay back the money. Yes
terday he presented an offset, embracing
charges for going to Oakland several
times in connection with the picnic and
collecting money, but the Judge decided
that the offset was not made in good
faith. Adrian was convicted and was in
formed that If he did not pay back the
amount he would spend some months in
the County Jail.
Treasurer's Accounts Short:.
S. J. Robinson, a switchman, was found
lying on . the sidewalk at Montgomery
avenue and Kearny street about 1 o'clock
yesterday morning by Policeman J. B.
O'Connor. He was locked up In. the City
Prison for being drunk, and when he was
discharged yesterday morning he com
plained that $300 in gold and his gold
watch, valued at $155, had been stolen.
His diamond locket, gold fob and $10 70
which he had in a small pocket of his
trousers had been overlooked by the thief.
Hn said the last thing he remembered
was drinking: a glass of wine in a saloon
on Pacific street and he thought the wine
had been drugged. Captain Martin was
notified.
Says He Was Bobbed.
On motion of Assistant City Attorney
Brobeck and -without the taking of any
evidence, Judge Seawell yesterday amend
ed his findings In the suit of J. A. Whit
ney to declare the recent Bpeclal tax levy
for new schoolhouses and a new city and
county hospital invalid. He Incorporat
ed therein findings to the effect that the
levy was for the purpose of providing
funds to meet an expenditure for urgent
necessities in order that the Supreme
Court might pass upon that point as well
as the point raised by Whitney that the
expenditure of the funds raised by the
levy should have been Incorporated. In
the budget. He decided the case in Whit
ney's favor, solely on the latter issue.
Seawell Amends Findings.
Seattle Takes a Slow Game.
PORTLAND, Or., Sept. 17. — Seattle defeated
Portland in a slow game to-day. St. Vraln
pitched championship ball. He held Portland
down to seven hits and struck out six men.
Loucks was hammered all over the Held for
three Innings, when he waa relieved by Mc-
Farlan. Hess' finger was broken in the first
inning and he retired front the game. Attend
ance, 2000. Score:
T» tt pi
Portland 000100000— l' 7* i
Seattle 304000110—0 14 3
Batteries— Loucks, McFarlan and Hess; St.
Vrain and Wilson. Umpire — Levy.
Stolen bases— Smith. Spies, Toman. CPHara
2. Error — Lee. Three-base hit — Baxter. Two
base hits — Hoy, Smith. Roes', O'Hara, Wheeler.
Sacrifice hits — Ross, Hurlburt. First bas« on
error — Los Angeles 1. First basa on called
balls — Oft Lee 4, oft Newton 2. Struck out — By
Lee 3, by Newton 3. Double plays— Toman to
Spies; Newton to Toman to Spies. Passed ball
— Lohman. Time of game — One hour and 40
minutes. Umpire — O'Connell.
Lo* Angeles 7 0 0 2 10 0 0 x — 10
Baie hits H 1 1 2 2 O O 1 jc — 15
Oakland 0 0 2 0 1 0 0 <> 0 — ::
Base hits l 0 3 12 10 1 1—10
SUMMARY.
1X>S ANGELES, Sept. 17.— Los Angeles
made enough runs In the first innins of this
afternoon's game to take It easy for the re
maining eight Innings. Lee was easy for the
local batten", while Newton kept the hits well
scattered. The fielders gave him perfect sup
port. Score:
Oakland— 1 Los Angeles —
AB. R. H. P.A. AB. R. H. P.A.
OHra.cf 4 2 2 1 O-Hoy.cf... 4 2 3 11
Devrx.s. .1 It a 1 4 Whler.2b 4 12 14
Schw2.2b 4 0 114 8mlth,3b. 4 12 3 1
Murdk.rf 4 0 0 0 0 Sples.lb. 3 1 1 13 1
Krger.lf. 4 0 13 0 Crvth.rf. 5 2 2 10
Msrly.lb 3 0 2 11 ORoss.lf.. 4 13 2 1
Bxter,3b. 4 113 llToman.s. 4 1 1^2.4
Lohmn.c. 4 O 0 4 1 Hurlbrt.c 4 0 0 3 2
Lee.p 3 O O O 2 Xwton.p 4 1112
•Gorton.. 10000
— Totals 36 10 15 27 10
Totals 34 3 10 24 12
•Gorton batted for Lee in ninth Inning.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Slake Enough Runs in the First In
ning to Assure Victory.
ANGELS WIN CLEVERLY.
The Pollard Lilliputian Opera Com
pany presented "The Geisha" at the
Grand Opera-house last night to a large
and highly delighted audience. This at
tractive company of little people showed
to excellent advantage in the beautiful
Japanese idylic musical comedy. It was
beautifully staged and costumed. The
scenery was painted in Kobe, especially
for the lllllputlans when they were tour
ing Japan four months ago. It is very
handsome and picturesque and naturally
Japanesque In the extreme. In fact, the
whole atmosphere of the performance
smacks of the land of the home of the
chrysanthemum. The piece is well acted
and sung throughout, none of the musical
numbers being omitted.
Miss Alice Pollard was a very graceful
and dainty O Mimosa San and sang her
two solos, "Amorous Goldfish" and
"Jewel of Asia," charmingly. Little
Daphne Pollard reveled in the role of
Mollie Seymour. The part Is exactly
suited to her style and she captivated her
audience from the start by her cute antics
and winning ways. She was irresistible in
"The Toy Duet" with Ivy Pollard and
was very funny in her solo, "Monkey on
a Stick."
Fred Pollard was in fine voice and sang
his solo, "Star of My Soul," so well that
he received a double encore.
As was to have been expected, little
Teddy McNamara, as Tom Stanley,
caused a laugh every time he made a
speech. He was one of the funniest char
acters in the whole show.
Irene Gouldlng was a capital Dick Cun
ningham in every way. She looked well,
acted well and eangr her solo, "Jack's the
Boy," in a rollicking fashion.
The chorus was up to the mark and
was thoroughly well trained and drilled.
"The Geisha" will be given- to-night,
Saturday night and at the matinee to
morrow, when a photograph of little
Daphne Pollard will be presented to every
child in the house.
Captivate Large Audience by Clever
Rendition of the Japanese Musi-
I cal Comedy.
LILLIPUTIANS SCOBE
SUCCESS IN "GEISHA"
San Francisco — | Sacramento —
AB. R. II. P.A.I AB. R. II. P.A.
Lynch. If 3 1 1 2 OjCasey. 2b 2 1 1 4 1
Meany.rf 4 0 12 ljHlldbd.lf 2 0 2 10
»rwin. 3b 3 O 1 1 3:McLgn,rf 3O02U
Eearfss.c 3 0 0 2 2 Gagan. s. 4 0 0 2 4
Pabst, lb 3 0 111 O.Twnsd.lb .1 1 1 11 1
Krug. cf. 4 0 0 2 o!shehn,3b 3 1110
Delms.2b 3 10 3 .'tjDoyle. cf 4 1 2 2 0
Raymd, s 4 O 1 3 S'Graham.c 4 0 0 3 0
Whalen.p 4 10 14 Kn-11. p. 4 0 1 1 1
Totals. 31 3 5 27 1C Totals. 29 4 8 27 13
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Sacramento 0 0 1 0 0 0 2 0 1 — 4
Base hits 01210130 0 — 8
San Francisco 001 000OO 2 — 3
Base hits 1 1OOO11O 1 — 5
SUMMARY.
Stolen bases — Casey, Krug. Hlldebrand.
Home run— Lynch. Errors— Casey. Irwln, Ea-
Kan. Two-base hits— Meany. Hlldebrand, Irwln,
Sheehan. Sacrifice hits — Hlldebrand (2). Lynch
Meany, Zrarfoss. Pabst, Sheehan. First base
on errors — San Francisco 2. Sacramento 1. Firs'
base on called balls — Off Whalen, 4: oft Knell.
3. Left on bases — San Franclsoo 8. Sacramento
5. Struck out— By Whalen. 2; by Knell. 1.
Double play— Delma* to Raymond to Pabst.
Time of Ram«> — One hour and forty minutes.
Umpire — McDonald.
In every inning the old-timer had the
home # players on hi3 staff. They got a
run in thu fourth on an error and a bad
play by Townsend, but they made no hits.
In the ninth inning Delmas walked. As
the fans were getting ready to leave the
place Henry Lynch advanced with his
club and without any ceremony hit the
ball out of the lot over the left field fence.
It was the longest drive of the year and
possibly the longest in the history of the
grounds, barring one made by "Chick"
Stahl of Boston back in 'H7.
It was too bad that there were not
more runners on the bags at the time. As
it was two were out and the next man up,
Pat Meany, did not make good with a
safe drive, so it was all over then and
the fans had to go home.
The Senators landed on the offerings of
James, the deep sea monster, in the third
for two hits and a run. The home
team tied up this In their half
of the same round when Eagan
erred and Townsend made a stupid
play by throwing Lynch's bunt to third
when there was no chance to head off the
runner.
In the fourth spasm Sheehan and Doyle
both hit safely and were advanced on an
out by Graham. Then just to show he
was there with the stick as well as the
wing, old Phil soused out a hit to right
field and brought them both in.
Irwln's error and an out gave the Sen
ators one* more In the ninth. This lone
tally proved the winning run, for had it
not been scored Lynch's drive would then
have tied the result up. The score:
'Twas Just like a peep Into the dim
past to see the venerable Phil Knell, once
the pride of "Plttsburg, mount the mound
yesterday at Recreation Park. A mlg-hty
ch*er went up as soon as the fans spotted
the man who used to electrify many of
them in days gone by. The old man did
his work well— so well that the home
toam succumbed' by a score of 4 to 3.
He looked lik« the same Phil who was
a twinkling star when most of the pres
ent performers of this league were view
ing: bull games through knotholes or' else
were being- wheeled around in-baby car
riages. With all the years his* good left
arm has not lost any of its cleverness,
though his wonderful speed seema to have
forsaken him.
(Pacific Coast League.)
W. L. Pet. W. L.. Pet.
Los Angeles.»r> 63 .030 Portland ...63 79 .452
San Fran. ..S3 71 .638 Oakland ....70 ttS ,432
Sacramento.. 78 73 .51« Seattle 62 S4 .428
STANDING OF THE CLUB3.
The cups were won by R. N. Whitney
and Jules Brady on the last occasion.
x ney have been won also by Routh and
Dunlap. Clinch and McKay, the Hotch
kiss brothers twice and Allen and Smith.
Tho'HotchKiss brothers will not play in
future. Smith and Allen, the most heav
ily -handicapped team, did not enter.
The teams playing from scratch are
Routh and Dunlap and the Baker broth
ers. This will be the first appearance of
the latter as a doubles team on the pub
lic courts. They made a good record at
the University of California and are con
sidered to have the best chance of win
ning. Their game is better suited to han
dicap conditions than is that of Routh
and Dunlap.
Next to these" two teams probably the
strongest players are Russell and Janes,
who receive "2-6." They have never
playe.l together, but are good individual
players. Foley and Lewis, on the "2-6"
mark, stand a good chance.
In the women's event play will com
mence to-morrow morning at . 9 o'clock.
The men's tourney will commence at the
same hour on Sunday.
The draw resulted as follows:
First round— Harry Routh and Charles Dun
lap (scratch) vi. Guerin and Hall (15); U S.
Howell end E. W. Hall (15 2-6) vs. T. U.
Black and Dr. Ix>vegrove (13 2-C); J. It. Lewis
and C. Foley (2-t!) vs. L,. 13. KoWrm an<l C. ''.
Sayre (15 2-0); J. M. Baker and C. Griffin (15)
vs. Barnes and Carpenter (15 JJ-ti); R. N. Whit
ney and J. F. Brady (3-6) vs. Dernett and
Little (15 4-<i); I*emon and Ardley (IB 1-ti) vs.
Cotton and Heliborn (15 3-6): Hotohklss broth
ers (2-tt) vs. Kussell and Janes (2-U); Guntt
and Lillenthal (15 3-6) vs. My rick and Mills
(15 1-C); Hamilton end Pilchard (13 3-C) vs.
Flnnegan and Mann (4-«); Rolfe and Kuehn
(3-C) vs. MacKarland brothers (15 2-0); Single
ton brothers (15 3-6) vs. Skinner brothers
(15 1-0); Gaynrss and Lytton (5-0) vs. Bates
and Finch (3-6); Bozarth and Gomph (13 2-0)
vs. Code and Ambrose (3-6); Baker brothers
(scratch) vs. Edwards and Joseph (IS 8-6):
Pkaesr* and Ryan (13 1-G) vs. Getz and. Muss
(15 3-0) Teller and Otes (5-0) vs. Long broth
ers (15 1-0).
Women's class doubles, second clas*. prelim
inary round — Miss H. Llndstrom and Mlts A1I
berger vs. Miss Bea and Miss I>ubbin: Miss
Weed and Mil's Alice Naylor vs. Miss Mearna
and Miss V. Crocker.
First round— Ml=s Mills and Miss Duncan a
bye; Miss Anita Deyfuss and Miss Ltndstrom a
bye, .
Third class— Miss H» Naylor and Miss V.
Beyfues vs. Miss B. Durkee and Mrs. It N.
Whitney; Miss J. Pickle and Mts» V. Towne
a bye.
The entry list In the men's handicap
doubles tournament for Sunday Is a rec
ord-breaker. Thirty-two teams entered,
the largest in the history of tennis on the
coast.
The men and women of the Golden Gate
Tennis Club will hold tournaments on
the park courts to-morrow and Sunday.
On Saturday there will' be a class double*
event for second and third class players.
The trophies in the first class have been
disposed of, having been won three times
by the Misses Varney. In the second class
the cups are held by Miss Dorothy Weed
and MIhs Alice Naylor., Miss Vera Bey
fuss and Miss Hazel Naylor are in pos
seBslon of the third class trophies.
In the second class fix teams are en
tered, while in the third but three will
figure. All of the teams in both classes
are evenly matched and some close con
tests ars anticipated.
Lynch All but Ties Up the
Score With a Home-
Run Drive.
Women to Compete in Class
Doubles for Challenge
Trophies.
Veteran Southpaw Is a
Mystery in Every
Inning but One.
Thirty-Two Teams Qual
ify for a Handicap
Tournament.
KNELL PITCHES
JUST AS OF OLD
RECORD ENTRY
FOR PARK TENNIS
THREE "LEPPERS"
FAIL TO FINISH
WEIGHT PACKERS
TAKE HANDICAPS
Series of Mishaps in a
Steeplechase Event
at/ Hawthorne.
Shotgun and Aristoc
racy Show High-
Class Form.
Judge Himes Makes a Show
of His Field in the
Mile Handicap.
Speculation Stakes at Graves
end Goes to Daisy
Green.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
GRAVESEXD RACE^TRACK. X. Y.,
S^pt. 17.— The racing at Gravecend to-day
w«s over a very plushy track and conse
• .¦jcnTly horses noted for their ability to
i vn under such circumstances finished
tint v.ith great r«^u!arity. . The most
: ••table performances were those shown
by Shotgun and Aristocracy in their re-
M-.ectlve races. Both were required to
¦ ;<rry top weights and buth were forced
;.i <1o their b«st to win.
Shotgun was vigorously handled by his
rider. Hicks, all through the last fur-
Uir.g. He stood off the rush of Wild
Thyme, which, better placed at the start,
might have made it Impossible for Shot
ttun to win. John W. Gates is reported
to have wagered J&000 on Shotgun.
Aristocracy's chief opposition in the fifth
race came from the long shot. Ruby Ring.
h was not until the last half-furlong of
th*» race that Ruby Ring showed indica
tions of having enough and even then
Hi:£gi&h. hard-ridden Mollnos got second
money by only a head from the well
l-pcked Covlngton filly.
The Speculation stakes was won by
Pui^y Green, which defeated Rostand by
i'!i( and a half lengths, with Thorney
» "ift third.
The weather was showery-. Summary:
FIRST RACE— Selling; about six furlongs,
letting Horee. Weight. Jockey. Et. »; Fin.
I to ::— King Pepper, 10T. i Fuller) 3 111
-,i to 1— Eva Russell. 94 iReed>... 4 3 2 2
* to 1— Elrle L. 100 (Desouza). . . 7 S :i 2'j
' Time, 1:12. Start fair. Won eaflly. Win*
»«r. F. FarrcH'a rh. B. by Kantaka-Genevlev*.
Neither One 8S. Locket »4, Monograph 10».
l:ou«- SS. Trespass 'M. Tlppetoeg VJ, also ran.
PKCOXD RACE— Handicap; all age«; one
»Bd a sixteenth miles.
Itctttas. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. \ Fin.
11 to 6 — Carbuncle. 104 <Hedfern>. 2 2 12
7 to 1— April Showers.ftO (Callhn) 112 4
7 to 2 — Yng. Henry. 117 (fteamrl 4 3 3 4
Time, 1 :1V 4-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. R. T. Wilson Jr.'s b. r. by Stuyvesant-
Garnet. Kirr.selC 10ti. Responsive k <i. also ran.
THTRD RACE— The Parkville handicap: for
¦ ¦•• \< ,: : -.¦:,;>: about m\ furlongs,
iiettlng. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. \ Fin.
7 to fi — Shotgun. 120 i Hicks* 1111
4 to 1— Wild Thyme. 110 (Rdfern) 5 4 2 \
U to S — Futurita. It* (Gannon).. 2 3 3 2
Time. 1:12. Start fair. Won driving. Wln
n» r. W. B. Jennings' b. c by Artillery-Princess
Moretii. Illyria 9H. Salvatella 100, also ran.
FOURTH RACE— The Speculation selling
yfnke~: one and a sixteenth miles,
letting. Home. Weight. Jockey. St. »; Fin.
>> to 1 — Daity Green. »3 (Hlmclns).. 1 3 1 i j
:: to 2— Rostand. 105 (Fuller) S 1 2 H
I* to 1 — Thcrneycroft. US (Depouza) 3 4 3 8
Tim», 1 :49 3-5. Start bad. Won driving.
Winner. Mexican stable'a b. f. by BaFnetlaw-
Kxtra<-t. Embarrassment V2. Potente WS, Na
rrator 107. Keherin W. Highlander 108, aUo
ran.
FIFTH RACE— Handicap: two-year-old? ;
:il*>ut six furlongs.
BfttiB*. Horfe, Weight. Jockey. St. »; Fin.
2 to r»— Aristocracy. 120 «O f Xeill) 2 115
4 t» 1 — Mollnos. ]03 (Gannon*.. . 5 5 2 h
'.-. t.j 1— Ruby Ring. P3 (Higpins). 3 2 3 2
lime 1:12 1-5. Start fair. Won easily.
Winner, J. E. Madden's ch. c. by Mlrthful
t Ptty. Pirouette H»0, Pompano 91, Masedo SIS,
'•Vrxion 90. also ran.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, Sept. 17.— Only three of the
six starters finished in the Emerald
steeplechase over the short course, which
was the feature of the Hawthorne card
to-day. Handvice, at 7 to 2, proved the
easiest kind of a winner, pulled to a walk,
with *ix lengths to spare over Falella.
The three which met with mishaps were
Slap Dash and Moranda, both of which
fell, and Joe McCJee, which broke down
badly and was pulled up. In the fall of
S!ap Dash Jockt-y Morrison was serious
ly Injured.
Judge Himes. which probably has no
equal in the West as a mud runner,
picked up 114 pounds in the fourth race
tnd made a show of his field, winning by
three lengths in a common gallop.
The track was deep and holding; the
weather cloudy and disagreeable, ma
terially affocting the attendance. Sum
mary:
FIRST RACE— One mile, felling:
Bettlny. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. »i Fin.
1 lo 2— L. Jocelyn.107 (Matthews) 1 1 1 »*
15 to 1— Emir. 112 (Adklns) 2 3 2 4/
3 to 1— Florence II. 107 (Knapp) 4 4 3 7
Time, 1:48 2-5. Start perfect. Won pulled
up. Winner. Ward & Harlan'B ch. f. by Pirate
of Penrance-Belle Swift. Banana Cream 107,
also ran.
SECOND RACE — Short course steeplechase,
Emerald handicap:
Betting. Horn*. Weight, Jockey. St. *i Fin.
7 to 2— lUndvice. l.'.a tCorblry).. 2 2 1 «
« to 2-Falella. H5 M\ Johnson).. 3 1 2 15
IS to fi — fndlan II, 143 (Peter*)... 5 3 3
Time. S:17:{-5. Start £ood. Won in walk.
Winner. J. Fleming & <"«. 1 i» blk. «. by Hano
ver-Device. Slap Dash 14.">. Mcranda 143, fell;
Joe McGee, 134. bruke down.
THIRD RACE— Six furlongs, selling:
Betting. Horse, Wel K ht, Jockey. St. «; Fin.
6 to 2 — The Kent'kiHn.102 (Adkns) 5 2 1 »4
M to 2— Muresca, 91 (Coieman)... 3 12 1
13 to t> — Ragtag. 97 (Wilson) 13 3 4
Time. 1:17 2-5. Start good. Won handily.
Winner, C E\ Durnell's ch. h. by Pirate of
Penzance-Llzzie Montrose. Randolph W»l, Ben
fonhurrt 'J3. lilrtft Uroom 103, Duchess Hand
va, also ran.
FOT'RTH RACE— One mile, handicap:
Bettlnr. lior.«e. Weight, Jockey. St. \ Fin.
11 to r»— Jgc Himes.lM (Huchnan) 4 2 13
7 to 1— LurallRlner. 1t(J tStille).... « 1 2 1
" to 2— Rockaway. 92 (Ronner).... 7 4 3 h
Time, 1 :4fJ. Start »tood. Won easily. Win
ner. C. It. Kllison's eh. c. by Ksher-Lullaby.
Rrulare 103, Dr. Stephens 10«, Ahola 98, Louis
ville US. also ran.
FIFTH RACE— One and an eighth mile?,
selling:
U«ttinK. Horpe. Weight. Jockey. St. »4 Fin.
.'{ to 2 — O'Hagen. K.I (Spencer* 1 1 J i
IS to 5 — lampoon, !U <Wllaon> C 2 2 4
10 to 1— Uarrack. 1C7 (J. WlllmsjlO 3 a 4
Time, •J:01. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. J. II. McDerment & Co.'s b. g. by Top
galiant-Sallie Hajren. Curate 102, Mezzo 01.
Prince Islates 100. Marlon Lynch 1*5, Tuft 10<>,
L*enja lw. John Lemons 'M, also ran.
SIXTH RACE— Five furlongs, purse:
BettlnK. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. •% Fin.
1 to 2— Nannie Hodge. 109 (Wilson) I 2 12
4 to 1— Casclne. 112 (Otis) 2 3 2 1
8 to 2— Katie Powers. 1U2 (Bonner) :t 13 3
Time not taken. Stait good. Won easily.
Winner. W. W. Darden's b. f. by Ixmgstreel-
Mlss Modinh. Aggie J.«wi- 1«». Lolly l>ally
!<>.', alvo ran.
HAWTHORNE ENTRIES.
CHICAGO. Sept. 17.— Hawthorne entries:
First race, five furlongs, maiden?— Mayor
David B. Roee 118. Chockayotte US, Woodlyn
IIS. Instrument 113, Apple 1OS. Charlie Slade
Km. Clangor ION. Sky 1'llot 1OS Oleometer 1OS,
Coroner Kelly 10M. Virginia Boy 10S Enverite
ION. Plautus 105. Go Between 105. Rian 105.
Sf-cond race, six furlongs — Omdurman 107.
Callant 107. St. Tammany 104. Hindus 101.
Efelagoa 1<W. Ahola 101. The Meteor 101, Lord
Melbourne US. Anna Bfall W>.
Third race, seven furlongs, selling — North
wind 104. Jaubert 104. Moor 101 L<earoyd 101,
Orfeo »a, Uelle Mahone 94.
Fourth race, one mile celling— Fading Ll?ht
105. Jove 103. Safeguard J02. Christine A 102.
Airllfrht 100. Maurer 102. Prodigality l». Little
MigFlon 0*.». Florestan int. Mort-ndo 99, Spring
s-t.-n-l !»7. Tioga 97. Serge U~.
Fifth race, five furlongs, selling — Bdward
Hale 10S. Soldier of Fortune 104 Dorice 104
Sol Smith 103. Tokalon 100, Fox Lake 99,
I^awnJale 03. Trappcttfr 08, Hoceo 05.
Sixth race, one mile — Carat 107 Planudes
107. King Bex 107. Finsel 107. Aline Abbott
107. Hrockful 107. Marlneuse 107. I^ou Woods
107. Iwanta 107. Pirate's Daughter 107 Ra
bunta 107. i
HAWTHORNE SELECTIONS.
(By the Chicago Inter Ocean.)
First race — Mayor Davids Rose,
Chockayotte, Virginia Boy.
Second race — Delagoa, Hindus,
Ahola.
Third race — Orfeo, Moor, Belle
Mahone.
Fourth race — Fading Light, Chris
tine A, Airlight.
Fifth race — Fox Lake, Hoceo,
Lawndale.
Sixth race — Carat, Planudes,
Fingal.
SIXTH RAT— Pel ling; for mare« and gel.l
:::gK: three-year-olds and upwarJ; one mile and
keveotjr yards.
l>ttir.|5. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *; Fin.
r^. to l — Gaviota, KV» (R^ed) » « 1 2'i
r. to 2 — Stroller, 104 (Creamer)... 2 12 8
i> to 10— Stuyve. ION (Fuller) 6 3 3 h
Time, 1:47 1-5. Start fair. Won handily.
Winner. MIes M. Oliver's rh. f. by Creighton-
N»l!le Bell. Ella £nyder 8«>. Sentinel M, Ocla
waha 103. Early Eve Iik;. Swamplands 10.*..
Jak<? Land 1C3. tillver Hoels 9», also ran.
GRAVESEND ENTRIES.
NEW YORK. Sept. 17. — Gravesend entries:
First race, about six furlonics, handicap —
Wealth 121 Olympian 117. I.ux Ca«a 12<5. Gold
Sp.'.nt 1«12 rarisl»nne 114 Aristocracy 112, Fu
turita l<i!i. Damon »7. Illyria ft5.
Second race, five and a half furlongs, two
>«-ar-old matdenf— Riverdale 110. Ruby Uemp
nead H»7. Hydrangea 107. Rob Roy 107. Jarquln
]!<• Hello 110, Tithonlc 110. Orthodox 110. Hy
1kb 107 Belle of Portland 107 Monadnock 110.
Dutiful 110 Tower 11O. Red Man 107. Kcvela
tJon 107. Shady 1-ad 107.
Third rate. nn« and an «"iithth mlle5. handicap
— Uonnibert 12G. Charles Hvood 122. Injunction
lis Phortho^e lli. River Flrate 113. Wild
P rate 1C2. Sir Roche t-7. Charawlnd M>. 1M
fj-.nd 102. Loid Badge 100 Circus 05, Tribe 1 *
W.I It7 Colons-ay t».
Fourth rar»>. five an1 a half furlongs, selling'.
">':•• Flatland*. two-year-old« — 1.» -ti la 94. Thi«
•¦•" H<-athrr flt. Divination 104. Tender Crest
K». The Uady Rohesia S3. Avenger 104. Re
v.'.lle W. Tomood 107, LuminoKity »4. Grenade
!¦!» Boh Murphy !«. Hylas !>S. Mcrdella *0,
lUtb Beach 1W. Mimon SO. Eagle 91, Flam
i..-j'f) 100. Juvrcal Maxim 107.
Fifth rare, one and a sixteenth miles, maid
< i: thrc«-yrar-ol<1s — Jola Urt». Albany Girl 109.
v.'iiliamstrad 112 Queen Elizabeth 10» The
Loop 1<». Dr. Hitwell HO, Captain Brickie 112.
ltolina 1014. PaFft Kfl, (5uy Park 112 Nuit
Pianrhe Nfl. Erbe 109. Arthur 112. Paw Book
JiM. Tom La»ion 10S». King barter 111', tsa-
Jora — .
Plxth race, one and a sixteenth miles *«>11-
Jnc— Baikal !*i. Hy]a:td 102. Meititersfnirer 108.
I>«.:0 Turco 1*7. Uallant Soiith 8'J Hoodwink
1(0, Emtmrra lament '-<2, The nival 105, Harii
f*n |0K, Fir P.orhe 102. Knlpht of the Garter
701. stonewall 1C5, Carroll D 10C. Man of
Vsr 1<H5 Jt* Cobb 105 Klngraine 106.
GP.AVESEND SELECTIONS.
(By the New York Telegraph.)
First race — Gold Saint, Wealth,
Olympian.
Second race — Orthodox, Monad
' ock. Dutiful.
Third race — Short Hose, Hiver
Tirate, Charles Elwood.
Fourth race— The Lady Eohesia,
Bath Beach, Mordella.
Fif tn race — Salora. Queen Eliza
beth, Pass Book.
Sixth race — Knight of the Garter,
Embarrassment, Hoodwink.
WINDSTORM PREVENTS
A RACE AGAINST TIME
Gale at Beadville Track Causes
Postponement of Dan Patch's
Speed Trial.
READVILLE, Mass., Kept. 17.— Almost
a gale swept down the stretch at the
ReadvIIle track to-day, and though it pre
vented Dan Patch from attempting to
break his record. It did not hinder excel
lent racing In the regular events. Sum
mary:
2:14 class, trotting, purse $3000— Mazetto won
three r.tralght heats in 1':11'4. 2:10%, 2:1074.
Nome. Dillon Boy. John Mac, Dick Berry. Di
rect View and Oxford ChinK-i! «l«o FtarteU.
2:15 clans, trotting, purse $1000 — Rowellan
won two straight heats In 2:13',i, 2:ll',i- Mil
lard Sanders. Midnight. Dreamer, Katrinka G,
Ms;y HarlicI and HUxar also fttartej.
2:08 claw, pacing, purse $2000 — Nervolo won
the third, fourth and fifth heats in 2:CS&.
'*• .':11V«. I.oranda won the first and sec
ond beats in 2:00*4. 2:<).V!i. Terrell. Miss 1V11
lambnt, Dlabiito and Brown Heels also started.
Wagon race, silver cup. amateurs to drive — ¦
Acker La<i won two straicht heats In 2:15.
2:MVi< Silver Glow. Crew Shade, Fashion and
Altawood also started.
Wheelmen in a Joint Bun.
The San Francisco Cycle Board of
Trade has arranged a run to Redwood
Canyon, four miles from Mill Valley, for
The 27th ln?t. The riders will leave on the
!« a. m. Sausalito boat. They will ride
tram Sau*alito a distance of eleven miles.
Luncheon will be provided and there will
be athletic sports.
Western League Season Closet.
PEORIA, 111.. Sept. 17.— This evening, at
the close of the last game between Colo
rado Springs and Peoria, President Sex
ton of the Western League gave out an
r.JDcial announcement declaring the sea
fon of the .Western League officially
clcsed.
McFarland to Race in Australia.
Floyd A. McFarland, the bicycle rider,
arrived from the East on Wednesday and
left for Australia yesterday. He is ac
companied by Iver Lawson and George
Harding. The trio will race In Sydney
October 11. After a tour of the colonies
the riders will go to India and to France.
McFarland, whose home Is in San Jose, is
considered one of the greatest riders this
country ever produced. He is equally
good at> sprint riding or in a six-day con
test.
Lincoln Club Bouts.
The Lincoln Athletic Club will hold Its
monthly boxing show this evening In Me
chanics* Pavilion Annex. The card fol
lows: Joe Crowley vs. Ed Kehoe. 105
pounds; Jack O'Brien vs. Abe Label, 118
pounds: Harry Fallen vs. John Lawrence,
133 pounds; Willie Wolff vs. Jack Hopkins.
J35 pound*; Jim Fox vs. Bill Johnson,
heavyweights; Bob Cairns vs. Jack Gray,
133 pounds. Milton Hayes will be the
referee.
Federal Watchman.
The l.'nlted SUtes Civil Service Com
mission announces an examination at San
Francisco on October 15 to secure eligi
ble* from which to make certification to
fill a vacancy in the position of watch
man in the United States Appraiser's
Ftore building at San Francisco at $600
per annum. Ace limit. 21 to 50 years.
Persons who desire to compete ehounP
apply to the United States Civil Service
Commission. Washington, D. C, for ap
plication form 1032 t which should be prop
erly executed and filed In complete form
with the commission at Washington prior
to the hour of closing business on Octo
ber IS.
Lundy pays the highest price for loose
diamonds. 4 3d st. and '<62 Market si *
EIGHTY HOUNDS
IN OPEN STAKE
Losers in First Round
to Meet in Consola
tion Event.
Evenly Balanced Card at
Ingleside Coursing
Park.
An eighty-dog open stake and a con
eolation event from the forty greyhounds
beaten In the first round will be the card
for to-morrow and Sunday at Inglesl^e
Coursing Park. The first course to-mor
row will be run at 11 o'clock and on Sun
day at 10:80. The draw last night result
ed as follows:
Mountain I.ljht v*. Sliver Las»: Lady Pinto
vb. Van Alba; l>ore*n v». Kuyal friend: Jingle
BelN va. Whisper; Jerry Wright v*. Maid of
thi» Glen: Margufrlttr v«. Crui«er; Honor
Bright vs. Gunpowder; Odd Eye* vp. Advance
Guard; Greenhall vs. Reta B: Little Plunger
vs. UcIuku: I'na vi. Tom Sayers; Old Iron
sides vs. Miss Wilson: Koy Hughle vs. Orslna;
lilu.k Flush vs. Doc Burns; Fanni- Hu«hle
vs. Tyrone Prince; Kquator vs. Menla Prince;
Miss Ureen vs. Medley; Urawi Hill vs. Articu
late: Tom Ilurllck vs. Pure Pearl: Van Noye
v». Fair Glen; Baby Jennie vs. SofaU; Hesper
vs. Thetis; Lady Menlo v*. Irvlnftcn Tralee;
Fireside vn. MoHenry; Bonnie Hughle vs.
King's Pride: Koxona vs. Little Lucy: Black
Rex v«. Klttleman: Flower of Kerry vs. Clar
ice; Gold Lily vs. Manru; Youn«c Buck vs.
Anner Boy: Concord Tralee vs. Yukon: Our
Myra vs. Haddington; Anchor vs. Imperious:
Royal Sport vs. Rook and Rye: Ulenzl v<».
Green Girl; Tellowtail vs. Topsy, Turvey; Lily
Wright vs. Har!ean Gladys; Half Moon vs.
Intruder: Frank Dunn vs. Young Johnny Rex;
Prometheus vs. Wattles.
THE ENGLISH PHYSIQUE
SAID TO BE INCREASING
Betterment Not Confined to the Well
to-Do, but Generally Ob
servable, t
Ther« Is. wp believe. Home exaggeration
In the widespread Idea that the physique
of our population Is declining. All through
history, every successive generation has
indulged in that fancy, and of all gen
erations this is the one that loves most
to hunt out and dlspla'y evils to be rem
edied. People forget that every popula
tion on earth, deposits a sediment, a pro
portion of weaklings. Imbeciles and un
dersized folk, which Is fixed by some law
of. which we know nothing, and which
increases rather than diminishes as so
cial safety Improves, as sanitary science
advances and as pity for the weak be
comes a more active virtue. The rickety,
who once died like files, now tend to re
main alive. With the enormous Increase
of our population the positive number
of such persons becomes more and more
visible, till observers fancy that some evil
change must have passed over the pop
ulation. They see the hundred loafers in
the street, and forget the thousand toil
ers In the factory. The improvement in
the physique of the well-to-do also, which
Is so great that the majority cannot put
on ancient armor, and which reaches so
far down that, as the Bishop of Rlpon
pointed out in ti.e Lords recently, the
average heicht of Englishmen has in
creased by three-quarters of an inch in
thirty years, accentuates the apparent de
fects of the weakly, just as the multitude
of tall girls now seen In a ballroom ac
centuates the lowliness of the short.
There Is a disposition, too, among the
cultivated, which does not. we fancy, ex
ist among those who work, to make too
much of mere bulk. They forget that
the Chinese are among the strongest of
mankind, and disbelieve when told that
the Roman soldiery were, as a rule, little
men, perhaps three Inches shorter than
the Gauls they conquered. Again, we
dare assert that a regiment of London
costermongers would, unarmed, probably
defeat an unarmed regiment of Bis
marck's Pomeranians and overthrow with
their hands a regiment of Sikhs, with
their remarkable average of height. We
have on this subject, as on most others,
to rid ourselves of some prejudices be
fore we can arrive at the facts, and to
recognize that in muscle, as in less meas
urable things, quantity and ' quality are
not necessarily Identical.— London Gazette.
QUIT WHINING
AND GO TO WORK
A Plea for the Cheerful Soul
Who Lives to Be
Happy.
There isn't anything in the world more
disagreeable than a whining person. He
whines If It is hot. H« whines if It is
cold. He whines at this, he whines at
that, he whines at everything. Whine,
whine, whine. It is Just a habit he has
fallen into. There is nothing the matter
with him. It Is Just a bad habit.
The whlner Is generally an idle person
or a lazy one. What he needs la to be
st to work-at real hard work, mental or
physical. Some work that will interest
him and engage his whole attention and
he will not have time to whine. We know
two women. One of them does her own
housework and takes care of her horse
besides. She Is happy and singing all the
day long. The keyboard of her life
sounds no whining note. It is a pleasure
to be with her. a good, wholesome tonic
to watch her. The other woman Is so sit
uated that she does not have to work.
Nothing to do but to amuse herself. She
has no zest In Jlfe. no interest In any
thing. She Is a bunch of selfishness and
whines at everything. Whining has be
come such a habit with her that her
most casual remark Is tinged with a
whine. She Is miserable herself and makes
everybody else in her presence miserable
She is a weakling, a parasite, a drag, a
heavy weight' on somebody all the time.
Get the whine out of your voice or it
will stop the development and growth of
your body. It will narrow and shrink
your mind. It will drive away your
friends: it will make you unpopular. Quit
your whining; brace up; go to work; be
something; stand for something; fill your
place In the universe. Instead of whining
around, exciting only pity and contempt
face about and make something of your
self. Reach up to the stature of a strong
ennobling manhood, to the beauty and
strength of a superb womanhood.
There Is nothing the matter with you
Just quit your whining and go to work —
Medical Talk.
Webster's Opinion of Himself.
A lady of one of the old families living
near Boston related to a writer the other
day an anecdote of Daniel Webster which
has never been In print before This lady
happened to be one of a few friends who
went with Mr. Webster to the hall where
hung on exhibition, previous to Its final
location in Faneuil Han, Mr. Healv's
«t°.Tl a^? US £f lntlni f re » re «ntins wfb!
ster making his reply to Hayne. "Mr
Webster,' said the. lady. "Was very feeble
and was led in by the artist Ascend'ng
the platform which commanded a view of
the picture. -Webster looked at | 7
some minutes, making some pleasant ob
servations to his friends respecting the
different Senators and the various points
of interest on the canvas. This ponra?
and that were spoken of. and even the
pages recognized. Finally, turning to go
Mr Webster quietly remarked: 'Am\ as
for that man standing there in the cen
ter-well. I've neen better looking men h»
my day than he.* "-Chicago Inter n^
xuiv.a SO inter Ocean.
RESULTS OF EASTERN RACING EVENTS, BASEBALL, TENNIS AND COURSING
THE SAN FRAX CISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 18, 1903.
Until a few days ago John Wanamakfr
was believed to carry more life insurance
than any other American, his amount be
ing $1,500,000. Now he has been outstripped
by his son Rodman, who, in addition to
the million which he carried for some
time, has taken out another policy for
an equal amount. ,
"A novelty recently turned out by a
manufacturing jeweler In New York."
states a Hewitt avenue dealer, "is a solid
sliver cigarette ca3e. handsomely embel
lished with raised figures. In general ap
pearance this cigarette box dot's not nif
fer from other artl3tlc cases used for tha
some purpose, but when the cover flies
open a miniature music box. concealed In
a false bottom, plays "Nearer. My God,
to Thee."— Everett (Wash.) Review.
A Prophetic Cigarette Case.
The North Pacific Coast Railroad Com
pany filed a petition in the United States
District Court yesterday asking that its
liability as owner of the wrecked ferry
steamer San Rafael be limited to the
sum of $440 98. of which $400 represents the
value of four Iron lifeboats saved from
the wreck. $37 50 prepaid passage money
and $3 48 freight prepaid.
On November 30. 1301, the San -Rafael,
while on the way from San Francisco to
Sausallto, in a fog collided with the ferry
steamer Sausallto and sank to the bot
tom of the bay between the foot of Hyd>
street and Alcatraz Island. The petition
seta forth that J. S. JlcCue has begun an
action in the Superior Court for $300,000
damages for alleged injuries sustained
while a passenger on board the San Ra
fael and for $501 for an alleged loss of
merchandise, and that other persons may
bring ?lmilar actions on similar grounds.
The petitioner avers that the collision
was not due to any negligence on Its part
or on the part of its employes.
Asks That Liability Be Limited.
The will disposes of an estate worth
$23,000. The sole legatee Is Marguerite
Morblo, granddaughter of the late Adolph
Sutro, and godchild of the deceased. The
contestant is a cousin of the deceased,
who was a prominent commission man.
Attorney Garret McEnerney sprung a
surprise on the attorneys for Caroline A.
Casagrande during the hearing of the
latter's contest of the will of tha late
Stanislaus Ar.toUli in Department 9 o"
the Superior Court yesterday. He fur
nished "the court a photograph copy of
the will of Antoldi. made the day It was
filed for probate, which plainly shows
that the date line of the document,
claimed by the contestant to have been
Inserted in the will after it had been filed,
was part of the document at that time
and was not absent from the will at the
time the attorneys for the contestant
claim it was. Further evidence will be
taken in the case to-day, the contestants
hoping to show that the date line, even
If It was always In the will, was written
by another hand than that of the de
ceased.
Photograph Disproves Charge That
Document Was Tampered With
After Being Filed.
PICTTTRE OF WII*L SHOWS
EXISTENCE OF DATE LINE
BOSTON, Sept. 17.— Boston definitely
won the championship of the American
L<eague to-day by defeating Cleveland in
a game marked by the heavy batting of
the locals. Attendance 51S0. The score:
R. H. E
noston m " ;
Cleveland 3 ' v
Batteries— Winter and Farrell; Rhoadw an 1
Abbott. _.,_.
NATIONAL LEAGLE.
ST. LOKIS. Sept. 17.— St. Louis lost the
first and drew the »«cond same of a <J°uc>i»
headfr to-day. Thatcher had St. Louis blank«M
up to the ninth Inning. when som*
timely hittinj? gave St. Loula a run.
In th« second ftme Brain practically threw
the same away tn the ninth Inning, when he
threw the ball a*ain*t the fence, allowing
Schreckard to score the tying run. Oame was
railed on account of darkness. Attendance.
900. Scores: .
First game — R- H. *-
St. Louis 1 ° n
Brooklyn 3 7 O
Batteries— Prown and J. O'Nell; Thatcher
and Jacklltsch.
Second game — R. H. E.
St. Louis » 12 «
Brooklyn 5 10 t
Batteries — Ilackett and J. O'Nell: Schmidt
and Jacklltsch. Umpire — Johnstone.
CHICAGO. Sept. 17. — The locals took both
games from' Philadelphia to-day. Errors and
Mitchell's wlldnes* gave them tfc* first. Th*
visitors played a nearly perfect gam« tn th<*
second but were unable to hit Taylor, who re
lieved 'Currle. Attendance. 1000. Scores:
First game — R. H. E.
Chicago 5 7 3
Philadelphia 1 6 *
Batteries — Lungdren and Kling; Mitchell and
Roth.
Second game — - R. H. «E.
Chicago A 13 5
Philadelphia 5 8 0
Batteries— Currl*. Taylor and Kilns: McFet
tridge Dorn and Roth. Umpires — Moran and
Emalle.
AMERICAN LEAGCB.
Defeat Cleveland in Deciding
Game on the Home
Grounds.
8
ADVEBTISEHENT3.
"Fairly Sparkling fn Beer Goodness"
OOP U D GES
OF BEER, DECLARE
Blatz Beer
e .., H .. from all points et
Jtr prop« •*• *»<* Honwt
according to Brrtr and Brand.
EIPOHT WISER PHIVATS STOCK KUESCIEIIi
Ask for "BIiATX" st Clnfc or Bar.
YAL. BLATZ BOTI8G CO., HILWAUKE
Braiinschweiger & Co., me.
5 and 7 DRUMM ST.. San Franehf.
Tel. Main !««. Whol««*l« VuXm.Mrs. John Douglas Eby and Her Daughter, Mrs.
David Ewald Brown, Send Out More Than 500
Cards for Social Affai rat Vernon Heights Home
¦ - " - ¦- • ; ;
EBY RESIDENCE WILL BE SCENE
OF AN EXTENSIVE FUNCTION
OKLAXD. Sept. 17.— Hiram A. Luttrell,
who was a delegate from California to
the national convention of the Independ
ent Order of Foresters, held at Provi
dence. R. I., has returned, having visited
the larger Eastern cities during his home
ward journey.
Delegate Luttrell Returns.
Mrs. Etta Fitzgibbons, who was re
manded from Judge Cook's court," "on
Wednesday to the Detention Hospital to
be examined as to her mental condition,
has been pronounced sane by Drs. Mc-
Gettigan and Rithers. Upon the finding
of the medical experts Mrs. Fitzgibbons
was transferred to the dustody of the
Sheriff and will appear In court to-mor
row. A jury has already been Impaneled
to try Mrs. Fitrglbbons on a charge fo
shooting Joseph Gagen in a Market-street
lodging-house last May. . -'
Mrs. Fitzgibbons Declared Sane.
Forster Sues Railway.
OAKLAND, Sept. 17.— Suit was begun
to-day by Dr. William M. Forster against
the Southern? Pacific Railway for $12,975
damages alleged to have been sustained
by the plaintiff by reason of the careless
handling of a train at the Oakland mole
on September IS, 1301. Forster claims he
was thrown from the steps by a sudden
jerk and dragged by the train for several
hundred feet and his leg permanently In
jured.
New York, with 3.437,202 inhabitants, has
only one public bath, but has three others
under way. London, with a population of
1.3K,«3, has thirty-eight.
OAKLAND, Sept. l'.-The following
marriage licenses were issued by the
County Clerk to-day: Frank Christensen,
IS years old, Altamont. and Annie Buck
halt, 16, Byron; Jean E. Fuchs, 40, and
Helene Kilints, 40, both of San Francisco;
John McKenny, 21, and Josephine Mira
montes, 22, both of San Francisco; Charles
E. Vorlander, 24, Oakland, and Josephine
A. Cotter, 21, Elmhurst; Clarence E. All
man. 2S, Oakland, and Bertha A. Roloff.
23, Milwaukee; - Albert B. Edwards, 21,
Oakland, and Jennie Capp, IS, Alameda.
Marriage Licenses.
Fails to Work His "Pull."
General MacArthur approved yesterday
the sentence of one year's imprisonment
and dishonorable discharge from the
army In the case of Privte Charles
Hammer. Hammer Claimed to have some
sort of a "pull" by which he could secure
transportation to Manila for whomsoever
he chose, and succeeded in getting some
money from two women who wanted to
take the trip. He failed to produce the
tickets and after a long wait the victims
complained to the authorities. He was
convicted of embezzlement.
Charges Gamage With Fraud.
C P. Smith filed a suit yesterday for
an injunction restraining Jules Gamage.
administrator of the estate of Joseph
Shain. from attempting to collect $107 on a
Judgment obtained by Gamage against
Smith in the Justices* court Smith claims
that the Judgment was obtained on a de
fault fraudulently obtained an •- -«"Msi.vit
el W. A. Wyatt . "
Lawrence St. Clair, who is employed by
the United Railroads, was convicted of
battery- by Police Judge Mogan yesterday
and was ordered to appear for sentence
to-morrow. St. Clair had been quenching
his thirst on Wednesday afternoon and
collided with a big man on Third street.
They clhached and the big man threw St.
Clair to the ground, falling on top ,of
him. R. GuptilL. 10 Clara street, came to
St. Clair's assistance and dragged the big
man away. When St. Clair got on his
feet he attacked Guptill viciously and was
arrested.
Struck Man Who Befriended Him.
The minister will in all probability take
the superintendency of the Sunday-school
at his new church, I. N. Halliday. the
former superintendent, having recently
resigned. ,
OAKLAND. Sept. 17.— The Rev. H. B.
Mowbray. pastor of the Fruitvale Con
gregational Church, tendered his resigna
tion at the regular prayer meeting last
night.
He leaves the church to become assist
ant pastor of the First Congregational
Church of this city. The congregation
was aatcnished over the intended resig
nation of their pastor and refused to ac
cept it last night. A special meeting has
been arranged for next Sunday evening,
when the members of the church will for
mally act upon Dr. Mowbray*s intended
move.
Bev. H. B. Mowbray Leaves to Be
come Assistant Minister at First
Congregational Church.
FBTJTTVALE PASTOR
TENDERS RESIGNATION
the backing of the university. "
It consists in the spreading of a plague
that already exists among the squirrels
by artificial inoculation. The farmers of
Coutra 'Costa County have lately discov
ered that the squirrels have been dying
off from some new disease that has at
tacked them. But these pests have not
been dying fast enough to please the
farmers, who think they have found a
way to assist the disease. Some . bright
mind among them suggested that the mal
ady might be spread by capturing a few
of the diseased ones, extracting the
plague germs and then inoculating hun
dreds of other animals, which would then
Infect those among which they are turned
loose. The plan seems to be a perfectly
feasible one and It may solve the prob
lem cf the squirrel pest, which has an
noyed farmers for a long time" In Cali
fornia. '
The fanners of Contra Costa County
have hit upon a new plan to get rid of
the squirrel pest and through their rep
resentatives in the Board of Supervisors
have appealed to the University of Cali
fornia to aid them. Supervisors Stow and
Tormey called at the College cf Agricul
ture to-day In their capacity as commit
teemen representing the farmers and pre
sented the new scheme, which will receive
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2143 Center Street, Sept. 17.
A few weeks ago, however, he contract
ed a cold that he has been unable to
shake off. It settled on his lungs and
slowly it has been sapping his strength,
until last night he was forced to call out
for help, and it was some time before his
throat could be cleared sufficiently to en
able him to breathe. Whisky revives him
for the time being, and a small quantity
is "kept on hand In case of an emergency.
At the last meeting of the Grand Jury
Jones was visited by some of the mem
bers to fee if he could not be removed to
the County Infirmary, but nothing fur
ther was done in the matter.
George Jones, who for twenty years has
been awaiting trial in the County Jail for
murder. Is slowly choking to death. He
is 93 years of age. The grip has fastened
its fatal hold on the aged prisoner and
his death is expected any day. While
paralysis has so far disabled him as to
have kept him bedridden all these years.
it has seemingly never impaired his vital
ity, and only a few weeks ago he was
boasting that he would live to be 100.
Jones has lain in a darkened cell until
his hair, beard and skin are snow white,
and the semi-darkness has so affected his
eyesight tfcat the small electric bulb in
his cell has to be heavily shaded for him
to be able to endure it when lighted. For
twenty years he has lain and polished his
tin cups, out of which he takes his nour
ishment. Until recently they shone like
pewter carefully kept.
Oakland OfP.ce San Francisco Call,
111$ Broadway. Sept. 17.
George Jone3 Is Slowly
But Surely Choking
to Death.
Contra Costa Farmers
Pihd a Way to Get
Rid of Pests.
Jack Evans, the Eddy-street saloon
keeper and furnisher of bail bonds, stands
in a peculiar light in Judge Graham's
co^irt. where a suit to foreclose a chattel
mortgage on furniture sold by him to
Mrs. A. Shaffer Is on trial. The court
suggested yesterday that a warrant for
his arrest on a felony charge should be
obtained by Mrs. Shaffer. It seems that
Evans' wife purchased a lot of furniture
from a Market-street dealer and then bor
rowed money on it. giving a mortgage as
security. She then gave her husband a
bill of sale for the articles and he sold
the goods to Mrs. Shaffer. These facts
were elicited during the trial of the suit
to foreclose the mortgage brought by the
money lender. Pending the trial Charles
Corey is acting as receiver, but Mrs.
Shaffer refuses to turn the goods over to
him and her refusal brought about the
suggestion that Evans should have
charges preferred against him.
Peculiar Deal in Furniture.
PUN TO KILL
OFF SQUIRRELS
Are Apprehended at Walnut Creek
and Sheriff Bishop Has Them
Held.
OAKLAND, Sept. 17.— Charles Goodall
and a companion named Embry left their
homes yesterday to take a peep at the
world and got as far as Walnut Creek
lasQ night, when their appearance at
tracted the attention of the Constable
there and they were taken into custody.
This morning the fact of their arrest was
communicated to Sheriff Bishop, who had
been informed of the boys' departure by
their parents, and he replied they were
wanted.
Young Goodall is 15 years of age and is
the son of Charles SI. Goodall. the well
known shipping man. with his home at
150 Lake street in thi3 city. Deputy Scan-
Ian was sent for the runaways and re
turned late this evening with the boys.
PI0NF.EB BEBKELEYAN DIES
AFTER A LONG ILLNESS
Edward Dana Harmon. Founder of
Lorin, Succumbs to Death From
Pneumonia.
BERKELET. Sept. 17.— Edward Dana
Harmon, a pioneer citizen of Lorin and
whose enterprise helped materially to
build up that section of Berkeley, die*
this morning at his home, 1C7 Woolsey
street. He had been ill for three months
with bronchial pneumonia. The arrange
ments for the funejal have not yet been
made.
>ir. Harmon was born in Warren. Ohio,
in 1S31 and came to California thirty years
ago. He was twice married and a wife
survives him. besides whom there are
three sons— Louis C. Harmon of Oakland.
Charles R. Harmon of Sonoma County
and Julian M. Harmon of Berkeley.
Limits Policemen's Free Rides.
OAKLAND, Sept. 17.-The Oakland
Transit Consolidated has issued orders re
stricting regular policemen from riding
free, on the system's lines except within
the city limits of Oakland. The same or
der applies to the Alameda police force
for that city. Special policemen and dep
uty sheriffs with unnumbered badges will
not be allowed free rides hereafter. The
Sheriff and his sixteen regular deputies
will be permitted to ride on all lines with
out charge. Heretofore the company has
recognized peace officers' badges without
restriction as to municipal limits.
Jockey Ward Acquitted.
OAKLAND. Sept. 17.— A Jury acquitted
ex-Jockey Richard Ward to-day of a
charge of assault to murder. He was
charged with having assaulted Deputy
Marshal Brown of Emeryville with a
knife.
The other wire that was used to com
plete the circuit will undoubtedly never
be found, as it must have been removed
by the vandals, or else the equilibrium of
the system would not have been restored.
Superintendent Babcock. who has been
working to restore the system ever since
the trouble, was much pleased at finding
the grounding fftre to-day. While it did
not seriously affect the sending in of
alarms, it prevented the perfect operation
of the s=ystem.
Linemen have been at work in East
Oakland to-day, testing the wires, and It
is believed that the system ia again In
good working order.
Superintendent George R. Babcock of
the Municipal Fire Alarm and Police Tel
egraph System this morning succeeded In
finding a piece of telephone wire which
was used by the miscreants that wrecked
the fire alarm and police telephone sys
tem early last Tuesday morning.
The wire used to ground the current
was found with one end wound around
the fire alarm wires and the other at
tached to an iron trolley pole near the
old jute mills at the corner of Third ave
nue and East Eleventh street.
Oakland Oft^ce San Francisco Call.
1US Broadway, Sept. 17.
To Enlarge Iubrary Function
OAKLAND. Se;>t- IT.— To the end that
freer use of the Oakland Public Library
may be made by the pupils of the public
schools as supplementary to studies. Su
perintendent of Schools J. W. McCly*
monds has called a rneenng for a commit
tee on, plans composed- of Charles 9.
Greene, librarian: Benjamin Weed of the
High School. Miss Sherman of the La
fayette School. Mi?s Colby of the. I«a
fayette School and Superintendent Me-
Clyraonds. The meeting will be held
Monday.
Michaels to Succeed B&urhyte
ALAMEDA. Sept. 17.-The Board of Ed
ucation to-night elected Henry Michaels
to succeed School Director W. H. Baur
hyte. who resigned because of change of
residence to Los Angeles.
There is no route around the world tn
which the railway and steamship line*
make an effort at close connection. The
matter of a thorough — or rather a cir
cular ticket and connected time table la
now being considered by companies which
expect to make the time for the circuit
forty-five days.
AGED PRISONER
IS SUCCUMBING
OAKLAND. Sept. 17.— Mrs. John
Douglas Eby and her daughter,
Mrs. David Evrald Brown, will
give one of the largest affairs of
the season next Saturday after
noon at the picturesque Eby home, on
Vernon Heights. The hour is 4 o'clock.
Over 500 cards have been sent out. Mrs.
Eby ar.d Mrs. Brown will be assisted in
receiving by Mrs. Willis F. Kelly, Mrs.
.Fruitvale.
OAKLAND. SeDt. 17.— A burgiar made
aa attempt to enter the home of Mrs.
James Crosby in Fruitvale last night, but
was frightened away by the screams of
Mrs. '.'rosby and her sister before he had
sained an entrance.
The women were alone in the house and
had Just retired when they heard the
burglar at work on one of the window*.
Their screams aroused the neighborhood,
but the intruder made good his escape
before assistance was at hand. The marks
of his "jimmy" plainly showed on sev
eral of the window?.
Crook Attempts to Bob Residence of
Mrs. James Crosby in
Ernest A. Heron. Mrs. Gilbert Parker,
Mr?. George H. Ismon. Mrs. Albert F.
Coffin, the Misses Coffin, Mrs. Andrew
Fine. Mrs. James Findla Wiggins. Mrs.
Ed?ar L. Dow. Mrs. Bert S. Hubbard,
Mrs. Gilbert C. Belcher. Mrs. John A.
Britton. Mrs. William Moller, the Misses
Moller, Miss Isabel F. Knox of San Fran
cisco, Miss White, the Misses Scupham.
Miss Cheek. Miss Taylor. Mi?3 Rue, the
Misses Brown and Miss Ei>y.
Vandals Connect Alarm
/ System With the •
Trolley.
CHARMING SOCIETY YOUNG WOMAN WHO WILL ASSIST HER
MOTHER, MRS. JOHN D. EBY, AT A RECEPTION AT THE EBY
HOME ON VERNON HEIGHTS SATURDAY AFTERNOON.
BTJNAWAY BOYS ABE
RETURNED TO THEIR HOMES
WIRE CONNECTED
WITH IRON POLE
OAKLAND. Sept. IT.— The choir of the
First Congregational Church of Oakland
will give Its seventh oratorio service' Sun
day evenin?. September 20. presenting
Rossini's "Stabat Mater." which was
given so successfully by this cnoir lajt
year. There will be> a chorus of fifty
vcices undo the direction of Alexander
Stewart. The soloists will be Mrs. Grace
Davis Northrup. soprano: Mrs. Carroll
Nicholson.' contralto: Arthur A. Macurda.
tenor: S. Wanrell. bass, with William B.
King-, organist.
Mrs. Northrup. the soprano, and Mr.
Wanrell. bass, were of the soloists upon
the occasion of the performance of the
"Stabat Mater" under the direction of
Mascagci in San Francisco last spring.
Choir Will Sing ''Stabat Mater."
WOMAN CHARGED WITH BE
ING ACCESSORY TO MURDER
OF MRS. LEROY.
BERKELET, Sept. IT.— The Ajsoclated
Chemi3ts held their second asnual r.. -.,¦;¦»: la
San Francisco this evening. Th# feature of
the affair was the serrins of chcmlcaia to
the guests for experimental purp^ws. Tha
offlcera of the organization are the followins
named: PresWest. Coblentz. '(>*: rice presi
dent. M. J. Biacltraan. *M; secretary. J. L.
Neisrhbor. 'W: treasurer. H. A. Morrison, "04.
'Th* Architecture and Sculptar? of the An
cient Peorle of Mexico and Central America"
will be the subject of a lecture to be given
by Professor Frederick W. Potnain at 4 o'clock
to-morrow- iftemoon in room 'Z2. South Hall.
Waliieinar T. Sehaller has been elected, after
a corr.setltive examination cpen t > tie entire
United States, as fttfiilii >..--.-: i-.- in the
United States survey. Schaller graduated from
the college of chemistry last May. He had
been for three year* a srudent In the colleg«
of mining, but finally took tip chemistry art
miaeralcsy- He will beda his 4ut>s In ths
East in October.
EERKELET. Sept. 17.— Announcements have
brrei made of two enraeeraents. Involving the
nn's cf four >-ocn« people who hare shared
more than ordinarily tn college honors. The
Interested parties are Miss Katherine Foreman
Sc:itl» and Leslie M. Turner and Miss Ada
Catherine Stone and Robert Sibley.
Tbe T.fir rr- r.t of Miss Etsith and Mr.
Turner was announced at a tea given by Pro
ffesscr and Mra. Chauncey Wetmore Welli at
th« Kapr*" Alpha Ttieta Sorority. The wed
ding- tfay has not yet been set. but it will take
place some time within a. rear, u at the end
of the yeax Mr. Turner contemplates traveling
la Europe. Beth youn« people distinrsished
themselves in Journalism and literary work
during their colles* career*. Mr. Turner wa*
tbe editor of tbe Occident and a member of
the Blue and Gold znanaffisr board. Since his
rraduatlcn he ha* been a reader in- English.
Miss Smith lias contributed stories to the coi
leire Jcsrraia of considerable tntrlt-
Tfee enrxseiaeni of Miss £taze and Itobtrt
fibiey was cxade public at a party it tn*
Alpha Pni Sorority. Mr. ElbJey** apposr.tmcnt
to the head cf the department of *a?iDeeri!VJ
¦t the i -.i<-r»-.;y of Montana, was recently an
r .r. >-. and when be has settled theie be
v ..; return to c'.ai-n his bride. Miss Stone
i» a member cf the Alpha Phi Sorority, and
fcax been active in the affair* of the class of
•<6. of which ahe U a cieraber. Mr. Sibley
t* it member of the Phi Beta Kappa Society.
c:!«rael of the cadet r»«riment and wu one of
the tpeaJcera ax the La*t cosimenc«nefit eaer
ctfea. . * .
The Palmer and Wheaton households are
ir.uch elated ovtr the advent of a granddanch
ter. who was born to the George S. Wheatons
cn Monday morning.
Mrt. E. J. Cotton rctarned to-day frcra a
week's sojourn - fct Lake Tahoe. She wa» cne
rf iL m pmjriy of twelve, and they report having
a rn<s*t delitctful time. In the party were Mr.
»nd Mrs. Fred O. Hilin. Mrs. Jennie Lewis.
Mr. and Mr*. Swantoa. al! of S*nta Cruz. Mrs.
H. Blood cf San Francisco, Mr. an<i ilrs. Irish,
Mif* Allc* Farthara. Mrs. Cotton and Georg*
Srie'.drn cf San Jcse.
Mr. and Mrs. Hihn came home with Mr».
Cotton ac^l will be her icueets for several days.
• • •
Tl»»r :...•'.< Club concert takes pia.c« to-mor
rvw ev«nin» at the Unitarian Church.
Th«r handkerchief sale and tea given for the
h*nefH of trte Altar G'ai!d of the St. Paul's
Kpisrxpa! Chcrch at Mr*. Thcsias Crei:tn"«
«-!*>rar.t hcrne en Alice street wa* a delightful
*oc:a! event a« well as a success financially.
The dtir.ty bits cf ltr;«n. lace and embroidery
oiniayed cn ta« handkerchief table rapidly
tound their way to the pockets of purchasers.
Th* ladi*« who assisted at the affair were their
f^rettifst llgat ppntf. notic*>atle arsons the
irany fetchinr creations tririg Miss Crfs*ie
Taft"* white embroidered "handkerchief
drtjs." Mlts T&ft was in charge of the hand
kerchief table and iva* assisted by Mrs. J.
\j r*n Pease, the Misses Adah and Alma
Brown, tfa* Jilts** Alioe and Ruth. Knowles.
itiuz iiea»,:e Palmer. Miss Beatrice Vroocian.
the il'.f-sirf Jkttc ar.rt Kthel Creliia. Miss Ger
trude Allen. Miss Mxude Edith Pope. Miss
Noelle <Je Oclla. Mis* Sevilla Hayden, Mrs.
VazueM Talt. M'.ss Elsie Maruedel and Miss
Fifrtnce Hath.
Mr*. Arthur L. Harris presided at the door
t-.r-i ta the receiving r^arty were Mrs. James G.
-\!!en. Mrs. E. J. Cottoc, Mrs. Robert M. Fltx-
C*r*ld. Mrs. Shelby Martin. Mm. Hayward G.
Thoma*. Mrs. Gt-crre C. Bornerrann and Mrs.
J. MaadevfDe Halited.
Picture* cf the church and chances cn an
Indian beaded belt were sold by Mr?. Harrison
? lay. assisted ty Mm. Edson Adams. Mrs.
H«rry Kncwies. Mrs. Andrew Mcseley and Mr».
C M;r»r Gorxjall.
The tea table, with i;* wealth cf American
Beauty rost-a and dainty chins, was an at
tractive *;<«.. iiisi FioriBTie Brown was in
tharr-. her a«£lsta-.:i> beir.g Mrs. I. E. Nichol
son. Mr». Fred M. Hathaway and Misses Xoelle
<le Co'.:*. Hose Kales. Eisie Schilling. Seviila
HsytJen. Rath Houghlon. Irene Bangs and the
Misse* JlrElratrt.
A t-our-le of vocal numbers were given by
Mtrt Slay Cocgan — " 'Haymaking" and a little
Frenrh *or.£. Miss Euccr.ia Eubar.k eang
¦¦PrctwrtatioR*."
Arr.<v.g those who patronized th«> sale were
Mr*. Ped*r Batter. Mrs. R. G. Brown. Mrs.
ven «ier Ropr. Mrs. John Fearn. Mrs. A.
L«w~mi«s Scott. Mrs. Richard Gcrrill. Mrs. Os
car Gowinjr. Mi*» G«tlir-. Mrs. H. C Taft. Jin.
Ocr«e Manuel. Mr*. Mackay. Mrs. White. Miss
White. Mrs. Gecrir<? Rodolph. Mr». Paul Lohse.
Mr?. E«b*rt ftone. Mr*. E. C. Morrison. Mrt.
G~~rr* A. Oollbtt. Mrs. Whitehead. Miss
Aajrarta Br*rk. Mrs E. A. Howard. Mis* Chel
!i- c"harp. Mrs. Georife H. Wheatcn. Mr». T. U.
Burker. Xr*. Charles H«W«»tnH. Mrs. B. Hay
<3en, Mies Trevor. Mm. Renz cf San Franci*co
and Miss Lucrctia ISumham.
OAKLAND. S<rt. 17.— On Wednesday. Sep
t»=iber S3. the Viacetstlan Relief Society, which
icltKiee *tr.cm« its ns-mbere b-jcj- of the most
rrcirir.ent Catholic wemea of Oakland, will
rive a gan>n party at PHdccnt Park. Tfce
fkialls are net a!l complete, but the hours will
m^*?* 1 3 t0 10 P- »¦ Refreshments will be
Mrr. R. A. Bray a.rs.J Mr*. G. B. Cock, presi.
cent and vice president of the organization
-.nme movers in the affair, and throutft
cu.r.y wrU-knoTrn Oakland worsen have
be-jerne interested ani the fete rronjise* to be
¦ brilliant social success.
Th? patroaestes are Mrs. I. L. Roqua Mr*
Kemi Chabot. Mrs. F. C. Havens. Mrs Kenry
Butter*. Mrs. G«erg~ H. Wheaton. Mn. O»car
>itzaUa Lcn*. Mr*. Claries Minor CoodalL
Mr?. Edward Lat^j- Brayton. Mrs. Henry
Wctberbee. lire. Oscar LunJ.ig. Mrs. Theses
Prathcr, Mm. George McNear Jr. and Mrs.
G*ors»- Whitney. Scrae cf Oakland's prettiest
f> ;.-•>¦ gins »;:i assist.
The ViEcer.t!an Society was organized to aid
*rl relieie the needr. regardless of sect or
«-T*ed. In the la»t year or iwno it has frrown
considerably and new has enrolled about 100
Pirdsjont Park is an iiea! spot for the fete
the natural beauty cf the location, the pictur
~«~qj~ f;"«m intersecting the crouads. tie
rat-ti-~ bridir»s and artlrtic little teahouses being
«.>n!y a few of the many beautiful things to be
•?njoyed «t the attractive ple**ure croun'd. The
offirers of tiie V:=«r.tUa Society are: PresS
dert. Mrs. R. A. Bray; vice president. Un. G.
B. Cook; secretary. Mi«s Louisa Mahoney. and
treasurer. Mrs. A. B. Derfcy.
This action by the police results from
several conferences held by them with
District Attorney Allen since the Wal
kirez trial. Hope fcr a conviction of the
woman rests upon the testimony that was
brought out during the trial. The police
think there is sufficient evidence to con
nect the Rcss woman strongly enough
with the foul crime to warrant her con
viction as an accessory.
It has been a theory of the police since
the crime was uncovered that the woman
was in large measure morally respon
sible for the murder. This idea held with
the officers, despite the fact that she re
vealed the story and-tdok the detectives
to the spot in the Leroy cottage at Golden
Gate where, the old woman lay buried In
the grave that Walkirez had dug.
The woman's term for vagrancy will
have been completed in November. After
that the murder case will be heard.
¦WOMEN'S SCREAMS SCASE
BURGLAR FBOM WORK
to the murder of Mrs. Elizabeth
Leroy, for the killing of whom Walkirez
is serving a sentence of life Imprison
ment In the State penitentiary at San
Quentin.
The woman was served with the war
rant to-day by Chief of Police Hodgkins
at the County Jail, where she is com
pleting a term of six months' imprison
ment for vagrancy. Hodgkins swore to
the complaint.
OAKLAND, Sept. 17.— Anr.a Ross,
the consort of Victor Walkirez,
has been served -with a warrant
that charges her as an accessory
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
Attorney De Golia said to-night: "The
board is wholly impartial in the matter
of choosing a site and does not lean unn
way or another."
As soon as it is possible to get all the
members of the board together again an
other meeting will be called and the miu- s
ter of a site will be definitely settled.
Reed argued on the advantages of the
Ciaremont property and on legal matters
involved. The board refused to tak** any
action or expres? any opinions as to the
controversy over the sites, owing to the
absence of two of its members. President
Edwin M. Goodall and Director F. W.
Van Sicklen of Alameda. being unable to
attend, the latter on account of an acci
dent which occurred a fow days ago.
OAKLAND. Sept. 17.— The board of oi
rectors of the Ciaremont Country Club
met to-night in the office of their attor
ney, George E. de Golia, to discuss the
question of a site, which has been ra ; sed
by the offer of Rock RiiJge Park, owned
by the Realty Syndicate. Attorney George
W. Reed 'appeared before the board in
behalf of Edson F. Adams, owner of the
Ciaremont property, which originally was
to have been the future home of the
club.
Board of Directors Meets, but Takes
No Action, Owing to Absence
of Two Members.
COUNTRY CLUB SITE
MATTER IS UNSETTLED
Discoverer of Site, the Donor
and Builder to Make
Addresses.
Gambling and fondness for the race
track on the part of the wife has wrecked
the home of F. J. Meckfessel, cashier of
the Del Monte Milling Company, and to
day he was granted a divorce froni Mary
E. Meckfessel by Judge Melvin on the
ground of extreme crueltyr- Mrs. Meck
fessel made no appearance and did not
answer the charges against her. It was
claimed that she had been completely won
over by the passion for gambling, and
forsook the society of her husband for
that of touts who could give her tips.
The Meckfessels were married in 1S31,
and until two years ago harmuny reigned
in their home. But a day at the track
and a fever for gambling took such a
hold on the woman that Meckfessel stated
to the court that she finally gave up her
household duties altogether and squan
dered his money trying to pick winners.
Among her acquaintances at the race
track was one Swalley, who it is alleged
gave Mrs. Meckfessel passes to the tracks
and tips on the races. The plaintiff states
that she was constantly in Swalley's so
ciety, and he finally forbade her to have
anything more to do with him. This was
ignored by both of them, causing him
much mental anguish, and he was then
forced to begin action for divorce against
her.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
111S Broadway. Sept. 17.
Esmond Smith, a young employe of the
telephone company, who shot Joseph Frie
tas in the arm and sent another bullet
through Frank Frietas" coat after the pair
had attacked him during the evening of
September 3 at Xorth Oakland, was dis
charged by Police Judge Mortimer Smith
to-day after a preliminary hearing. His
Honor found that Smith had acted in self
defense. The testimony showed that
Frank Frietas had pounced upon Smith
and knocked him Into the gutter. While
he was prostrate Smith pulled out a pis
tol and commenced firing. Joseph Frietas
Joined his brother in the attack.
Smith declared his belief that the men
assaulted him because they were sympa
thizers of the striking telephone linemen.
The young man is employed in the tele
phone company's shops and has nothing
to do with the outside line work.
On top of the -youth's troubles came an
application to-day from EL M. Smith. hl»
father, who requested that a permit be is
sued to him to carry a concealed weapon.
The elder Smith declared that on Labor
day he was dragged of? a Grove street
electric car by a man who threw him Into
the street and beat him into insensibility.
This attack occurred at Forty-seventh
and Grove streets. Smith suspects that
the beating had some connection with the
trouble In which bis son was involved.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1113 Broadway. Sept. 17.
The dedicatory exercises will take place
en Thursday afternoon, September 24
when tfatre will be brief addresses by
Ben Weed. 'S4. the discoverer of the site
cf the theater and for , whom It was
named "Ben Weeds Amphitheater'; Pro
fessor John Galen Reward, as architect
of the structure: William R. Hearst as
t?:e dcrcr. and President Wheeler, 'im
mediately after the addresses the stu
<h=nTs will present Aristophanes' "The
Birds."
The festival will continue on Saturday.
r~ ptc ™ b * r X - with th « Presentation cf
Twelfih Xight" by Ben Greets company
ox fc.nslish players. On the following Sat
. urday. October 3. the students of French
will present Racine's p!ay "Phedre."
The seats for the Greek will be free
l« the guests cf the university. The stu
dents «nd officers of the university will
lx? supplied with scats first and if any
remain they will be piven to the public.
Tfcf seats for the other two performances
win be sold at T3 cents and DO cents or at
*i -j and $1 for reserved seats.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call.
_ I14S Center Street. Sept. 17.
The programme for the exercises that
are to accompany the dedication of the
Gretk open air theater was completed
at the University of California to-day.
The exercises will extend over three days
and consist of the formal dedicatory ex
ercises and a dramatic festival.
Granted a Divorce by Judge
Melvin on Ground of
Cruelty.
Parent Makes Application fox
a Permit to Carry a
Deadly Weapon-
P. J. Meckfessel Says His
Wife Is Inveterate
Gambler.
Young Man Shoots and
Gains Freedom After
a Hearing.
Dedication of the Greek
Theater to Be Gala
Affair.
DRAMATIC FETE
PLANS COMPLETE
RACES WRECK
A HAPPY HOME
FATHER AND SON
ARE ASSAULTED
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA BERKELEY OAKLAND ALAMEDA
. - - - w ¦
THE SAN FBA^fCISCO CALIi, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER IS, 1903.
Oakland's Chief of Police Swears to Warrant
That Will Put on Trial for Complicity in Leroy
Atrocity the Woman Who Betrayed the Negro
COMPANION OF WALKIREZ
NOW CHARGED WITH MURDER
9
THE CALL'S
GREAT ATLAS OFFER
Will close on September 24,
1903, and all holders of Atlas
Coupons are requested to pre-
sent tlem immediately, as this
great opportunity to secure one
of these splendid Atlases at The
Call's premium rates will b«
brought to a close on Septem-
ber 24.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
CAUSE OF FALLING HAIR.
Dandruff, Which Is a Germ Disease.
Kill the Germ-
Falling hair is caused by dandruff,
which Is a germ disease. The germ in
burrowing Into the root of the hair,
where It destroys the vitality of the
hair, causing the hair to fall out. digs up
the cuticle in little scales, called dan-
druff or scurf. Tou can't stop the fallinir
hair without curing the dandruff, arwl
you can't cure the dandruff without kill-
Ins the dandruff germ. "Destroy the
cause, you remove the effect" Newbro's
Herpiclde Is the only hair preparation
that kills the dandruff germ. Herpiclde
is al*o a delightful hair dressing. Sold
by leading druggists. Send 10c In
stamps for sample to The Herpicide Co..
Detroit. Mich.
CASTOR I A
For Infants and Children.
Hi 3 Kind You Ha?a Always Bought
Bears the srf \, j£S^£T
Signature of Ljia&zT&Zc&tAZ
— r tj5v5^j I EETn
BXZDGZWOBX.
Why wear a cumbersome plat* that covert
the roof of the mouth wiies you can fcavs te«ui
without? Our professor of bridgsworic per»03»
ally superintends this work aad ramtshea •
written snarante« for tea Tears.
PAIXLESi METHODS. CLEANTXO FREX.
GRADUATES O.VLT. EXTRACTION FR£S.
Week Days. » to 9. Sundays. 8 to L
FOST-G&AST74TB DZ3TAL COZ^LSOS
Saa PraaciJco — 3 Taylor Street.
Oakland— 973 Wa&biajrten Street.
Saa Jot« — 45 Zast Suu Clara Strwt*LINER SONOMA SAILS FOR ANTIPODES
WITH LARGE NUMBER OF PASSENGERS
TO SAIL,
FROM SEATTLE.
In the libel of M. C. Harrison vs. V.
Contardi. United States District Judge <!»
Haven yesterday confirmed the report of
United States Commissioner Morse stat
ing that the llbclant was entitled to re
ceive J3J7 51 balance on account of mon
eys advanced to the bark Yosemlte by
the llbelant. A decree was Issued to that
effect.
Decree Against the Yosernite.
Twenty-four Chinese fishermen return-
Ing from the Alaska canneries on board
the Agate were taken Into custody yes
terday by the Chinese Bureau in order
that the residence certificates presented
might be examined. The examination will
be completed to-day, and If Secretary Cor
telyou telegraphs his permission the re
sult will be made public.
Big Eaul of Chinese.
from Hongkong.
nIe D re, BL h e N n7/-Ma; d 10 S€:>t ""^ *"* X "
Chateau d If. henc*> April 2S.
BORDEAUX— Sailed Sept 4— G*r stmr" Tot
mes, for San Franciaco
„,„„ OCEAN STEAMERS.
II A\ P. E— Arrived Bept 17— Stmr La Tou
ralne. from Xew Tcrk.
( HAMBURG— Arrived Sept 17— Stmr Phoeni
cia, from \evt York
England, for Boston.
Steamer. J For. . Balls.
Meteor Nome & St. Michael... Sept. 20
Nome City Nome Sept. 20
Portland Nome A St. Michael.. Sept. 20
Cottage City.. Ekagway & Way Ports Sept. 20
Humboldt.... Skagway & Way Ports. Sept. 21
Valencia Nome Sept. 22
Farallon Skagway & Way Ports. Sept. 23
City Seattle... Skagway & "Way Ports. Sept. 26
Al-KI Skagway & Way Ports. Sept. 2«
CltyTopeka.. Skagway & Way Ports. Sept. 2S
Roanoke Nome & St. Michael... Sept. 28
Dlrlgo Skagn-ay & Way Ports. |Sept. 2S
The ship Susquehanna arrived In this port
last night from Baltimore. The Susquehanna
reports a stormy passage. She was forced to
put in at several ports and many times was
on the point of being wrecked. . . ... .,,
The overdue ship Beech Holm, out tlxty-two
days from Philadelphia for Sundsvall, yes
terday reached her destination. She was re
insured at 10 per cent. The rate of rein
surance on the Aristides was advanced to 85
per cent. The Andora was marked up 'to 35
and the gtcamrhiy Laurel Branch to 75 per
rent.
Ship Susquehanna Axrives.
Overdue Beech HolmVAirives.
Antonio Reyes, a fireman on the steamship
Sonoma, yesterday struck Chief Engineer
Archie Little a few moments before the liner
palled. Archie Little Jr., the thief's son,
who is a machinist employed at the Rlsdon
Iron Works, took up the , cudgels for his
father and for a few minutes the Sonoma's
Inshore alleyway on the main deck was the
scene of a lively scrap. Reyes fought like a
madman, but young Little's punches landed
with the. force end precision of a steanuham
mer, and with blood streaming from a hard
tapped noge th» fireman Jumped over the rail
and landed on the dock, -where Policeman J. R.
Dower showed him the way to the patrol
wagon. He was locked up on a charge of dis
turbing the peace.
Invited Trouble and It Came.
TimeBall..:
Branch ; Hydrographlc .Office," V. 8. N., Mer
' chants' Exchange.' San 'Francisco. ' CaL
September,' 17, • 1903: . . r, 4
The time . ball on the Ferry building wa 8
dropped exactly at noon to-day. 1. e. at noon
of the 120th meridian, or at 8 p. m.. Greenwich
tlm». <¦ - '-¦...- , J. C. BURNETT.
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. in charge.
Stmr Asuncion, Brldgett, 33 hours from Re
dondo; up river. — ¦
Stmr Columbia, Doran. 5G hours from Port
land, via Astoria 45 hours.
Stmr Noyo, Winkle, 15 hours from Fort
Stmr Geo I,oomis, Badger, 40 hours from
Redondo. •
S Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander, 42 hours from
San Diego and way ports.
U S stmr Sherman, Brugiere, 20 days from
Manila, via Nagasaki 20 days. :
Ship Susquehanna, Bailey, 124 days from
Baltimore.
Schr Ida A, Campbell, 5 hours from Point
Reyes.
CLEARED.
Thursday, September 17.
Stmr Sonoma. Herrlman, Honolulu and Syd
ney: J D Spreckels & Bros Co.
Stmr City of Puebla, Jepssn, Victoria, etc,
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Stmr Kor.lta, Alberts, San Pedro; Pacific
Coast Steamship Co. •
Bark Gerard C Tobey, Lancaster, Sltka;
Schr H C ' Wright, Nielsen, Mahukona: The
Chas Nelson Co.
SAILED.
Thursday, September 17.
Stmr Callfomlan, Barron, Seattle.
Stmr 'Signal, Bendegaard. Redondo.
Stmr State of California, Thomas, San Diegn.
Stmr Sonoma, .Herrlman,' Honolulu and Syd-
Stmr National City. Johnson. Fort Bragg.
Bark Gerard C Tobey. Lancaster, Sltka.
Schr Mary C. Campbell, Bodega. '
Schr Chas R Wilson. Johnson, Grays Harbor.
Schr Ethel Zane. Erratt. Grays Harbor.
SPOKEN.
Sept 3, lat 22 N. Ion 21 W. Ger ship Llka.
from' Antwern, for San Francisco.
Sept 11. lat 40 N, Ion 30 W, ship Astral,
from Baltimore, for San Franclsso.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Sept 17, ¦ 10 p m — Weather
thick; wind AV. velocity- 4 miles per hour.*
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SAN PEDRO — Arrived Sept 17 — Schr Mary
Dodge, from Redondo; etmr Coos Bar. hence
Sept 14.
Sailed Sept 17 — Stmr Coos. Bay. for- San
Francisco; simr Pasadena, for Mendoclno; schr
Bainbrldge,- for Port Blakeley.
PORT TOW.VSEND- Arrived Sept 17 — Bktn
Makawell, from Kobe^ •
Passed In Sept 17 — Schr Inca. for Wlnslow.
Passed out Sept 17 — Bktn Kohala, for Cape
Town.
ASTORIA— Arrived SeDt 17— Stmr Despatch,
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Thursday. September 17.
Stmr Pomona, Swanson, 18 hours from Eu
reka. '
Stmr Rival. McClements, 85 hours from
Grays Harbor. . «
Stmr Grace Dollar. Olsen, S5 hours from
Grays Harbor. In tow stmr 'Rival.' .
- Stmr Coqullle River, Dart, '33 hours from
Eureka.
Stmr Point Arena, Miller, 15 hours from
Mendocino,
Stmr Phoenix, Odland, 14 hours from Men
docino.
Sun. Moon and Tide.
Cnltrd States Coast and Geodetic Surrey —
, Time.- and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
• Francisco Bay. Published, by official au
thority, of th« Superintendent.
NOTE— The thigh arid low waters . occur at
the City front (Mt«*1on-street wharf) about 23
Steamer. Destination. | Salls.l Pier.
September IK I j
San Pedro. . Los Angeles Ports.! 4 pmlPler 2
Alliance Eureka &. Coos B..| 6 pm|Pier 1<{
Samoa Ix>3 Angeles Ports. |10 am iPIer 2
Centralla... Grays Harbor ) 4 pm|Pier 10
Phoenix.... Mendoclno City 1 1 pmlPler 13
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports|ll am[Pler 9
Bonita Newport Way Pts. a am|Pier 18
Centennial.. Seattle & Tacoma . 5 pm Pier 2
September 1O. |
Argo Eel River Ports ... 4 pmlPier 2
Rival Wtllapa Harbor... 4 pm Pier a
Pomona.... Humboldt 11:30 p Pier 9
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena I 4 pm Pier 2
North Fork. Humboldt 5 pm Pier 2
H. IC. Maru China k Japan 1 pm Pier 40
Colon N. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
September 2O.
S. Rosa.... San Diego & Way. 9 am|Pler 19
Columbia... Aetorla & Portland 11 amlPier 2*
Marlpcsa... Tahiti Direct ..' 11 am Pier 7
September SI.
Arcata Coos B.&PL Orrord 4 pm Pier 13
Chlco Ccquille River ... 0 pmlPler 2
Olympic... Whatcom & Falrh*n| 4 pm|Pler 2
B. Barbara. Seattle & Olympla.l 4 pmlPler 2
Eureka Humboldt ...|12 m Pier 13
September 22. |
S.Monica.. I*» Angeles Ports. 12 m Pier 2
Redondo I->os Angeles Ports. 3 pm Pier 2
Chlng Wo.. China & Japan.... 2 pm Pier 27
laqua Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Corona Humboldt il:30pPler a
Coos Bay... Ban Pedro & "Way. I 9 am Pier 19
September 23.1
Arctic Humboldt |10 am Pier 2
Umatllla... Puget Sound Ports. 1 11 am Pier 'J
September 24.
State of Cat. San Diego & Way. ft nmlPler 19-
Luxor Hamburg & Way.. 2 pmlPler 27»
S. Portland Astoria Sc Portland 4 pm Pier 2
September 25.
Minnetonka New York direct Pier 23
G. Llndauer Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
G. W. Elder Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
September 2a
Chehalls... Grays Harbor 3 pm Pier 2
Newburg .. Grays -Harbor .... 4 pm Pier 10
City Sydney N. Y. via Panama: 12 m Pier 40
Alameda... Honolulu 11 am Pier 7
J. Dollar... Seattle & Tacoma.. 10 am Pier 2
£ . September 28.
Q uf * n Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
To Fiji Islands-r-41-pkrs groceries and pro
visions, 45 pkgs onions, 22 pkgs fresh fruits,
500 lbs coffee. 150 ' lbs hops, 62 cs canned
goods, 3 ¦ cs 'salmon, 3 - cs' candy.
To Noumea— 14}; c» canned. goods, 25 cs eal
mou. 546 lbs .bread.. -600 • lbs codfish. ,15 pkgs
groceries- and provisions. ¦ . ; ¦.
To South Afrlca-r-035 lbs dried fruit, 10 cs
salmon, '2- cs codfish.-. ¦•_'.-' ; • - ;
In addition, to the '-.merchandise cargo the
steamer' carried $500 i ln ; Mexican dollars, con
signed to Suva,- F|Jl 'Islands.: ;
To Australia— 9O0Olb« dried fruit. 7700 lbs
raisins, 1 1 2,695 lbs coffee, .6S8!) pkgs fresh fruit,
(12,250 lbs codfish, 236 cs assorted canned goods,
4CS0 cs salmon, '20, pkgs syruo, : 173 gals
brand >v 25 eg cherries, • 1250 Ibs'candy. 20,293
lbs hoc?. 1044 lbs- dressed poultry,' 1418 lbs
beans, ' 107 cs boots , and ' shoes, M cs 3 bales
leather. 54 pkgs- machinery. .358 .pkgs- bicycles
and sundries, • 66 cs » scales,. 17 • pkgs sewing
machines, 1H cs electrical goods, 24 pkgs drugs,
98 pkgs agricultural implements, 10 bales hose,
3 cs hats. IX) pkgs dry: goods, 70S doors, 500
bdls shingles. ,4 bales oil clothlner, 110 kegs
acid, 70,972 lbs lead. 9 bales overalls.
To New Zealand— 50,327 lbs ' dried fruit.
21.61C lbs ¦ raisins. ¦ 7173 lbs hops, 468 pkg3
onions, 1926 cs canned goods, 350 cs cereals.
475 pkgs fresh "fruit, 4700 lbs .codfish. 721 C3
salmon, ; 100 -gals -wine. S ' cs ' cheee>, 100 cs
boots . and ; shoes. . 10 ! pkrs .machinery, 26 pkgs
wagon -material, 29 ' pkgs - agricultural Imple
ments, 87 pkgs sewing machines,': 7 -pkgs dry
goods, -180 pkgs bicycles and sundries, 6 cs
electrlcar- goods./ 18 coils. rope. It- pkgs paper,
2000 lbs lead,' 134- pkga .drugs. 20 cs fuse. 3
fa firearms, t>12 lbs » saerrada, 962 , pes pine
lumber. . "¦-"-%" ¦ »Vo ¦... '¦¦ '' .
To Honolulu— 2018 pkgB fresh fruit, 129 pkgs
fresh . vegetables, 1H5 pkgs onions, 440 pkgs
potatoes, 53.7U0 lbs malt, 50 cs* salmon, 55U0
lbs codfish, !'•': pkgs. dry goods, 92 pkgs paper,
MJS lbs bread. 72<X) lbs meal, « 4818 lbs butter,
2418 lbs beans, 23!) pkgg groceries and pro
visions, 144 lbs- tea, 15 coils rope, 28 gals
wine, 12 cs whisky, 1350, ltx* dried fish, 10
pkgs machinery,. 1300 lbs 23 bxs dried fruit,
250 lbs U pkgs .raisins... 230. gals wood alcohol,
24.178 lbs 0 cs " tobacco/ 106 *"S"tboots and
shoes,.- 35 ' pkgs drugs • and sundries, ,. 72 bdls
chocks, 2 cs hats. 12 pkgs nails, 71 cs canned
goods. 400 lbs tt pkgs rrjeBh'flsh. 5 pkgs olives,
48(5 lbs cheese, 925 lbs ham and bacon. 15 pkgs
paints and oil?, . 4 bdls 7 bars steel, 20 sks
coal. l<i bdls Iron, 8677. lbs fresh meat, 100
cs eggs. 2448 lbs dressed poultry. ! 135 lbs lard,
f»17 ft hardwood.: 3 'cs leather. 40 kegs white
lead, 9 bales broom*.. 200«cs tin cans.
To Samoan Islands — 14 bbls flour, 1010 lbs
rice. 1328 lbs bread, ! 70 '- gals | wine, 1007 lbs
coffee, 65 cs canned - goods, .17" pkgs 'fresh
fruits, 50 pkgs potatoes, 107 pkgs. groceries
and provisions. 440 lbs meals, 10 pkgs onions,
201 cs 4 pkgs salmon, 31 pkgs mill work. 2
pkgs drugs.' 5 cs oils, 2 cs shoes, 1 cs fire
arms. . 43 pkgs naval stores, 13 pkgs bicycles
and sundries. . • • < v •
The Oceanic Steamship Company's Sonoma
Failed yesterday for Sydney via . Honolulu,
Pago Pago and Auckland with a general mer
chandise cargo valued at $243,t>12 and dis
tributed as follows: .For Honolulu, $(18,083;
Samoan Islands, $4703; New Zealand $57,712;
AustraIIa.'$111.128; Fiji Islands, $»07; Noumea,
$7;»0; South Africa, $149; Fanning Island, |2lO.
The leading exports were as follows:
The Sonoma's Cargo.
Th* schooner H. C. Wright was cleared
yesterday for Mahukona, Hawaiian Islands,
with an assorted, merchandise cargo valued at
$13,733 anS'lncluaing" the* following:" 350 bbls
flour, 2257 ctlB barley. 77.640 lbs bran. 21. KM
lbs middling*. 122 ctls* wheat. 121 bales hay,
:tG7 lbs beans. ID ctls oats, 384 lbs meals, tKW
lbs dried fish. 2800 lbs lard, 250 lbs 3 cs but
ter, 135 cb'oO pkgs salmon, 10.700 lbs salt,
£1 pkgs groceries and provisions, 87 cs candy,
292-Ibs -cheese... 5.,pkgs. onions,- 23 -pkgs fresh
fruit. 31 pkgs potatoes, 2C99 lbs sugar, C365
lbs bread. 'AM pkeg paste, 260 lbs .ham and
bacon. €40 lbs codfish, 50,000 lbs fertilizer, 17
cs boots and shoes, 400 bdls shingles, 20 pkgs
soap, 58 sks coal, 6000 lbs cement, 55 pkgs
paints and oils, 150 cs.coal oil. 525 bbls lime,
50 tons slag,' 834 lbs grease, 52 pigs lead, 500
lbs zinc. 10 sheets steel, 2 bdls 27 bars iron,
16 bxs candles.
A Cargo for Hawaii.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The American, ship Jabez Howes. . now oit
Puget - Sound, ' Is chartered for lumber, thenco
to Sydney at 20s. - .
Steamer. From. j Due.
San Pedro.... Humboldt Sept. IS
Chlco Coqullle River Sept. 18
Centralla San Pedro Sept. 18
laqua Humboldt Sept. 1!»
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. Sept. 19
Edith Seattle Sept. 19
Eureka Humboldt Sept. 19
City Peking... China & Japan Sept. li»
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports.... Sept. J9
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way pts. Sept. lf»
Arctic iHumboldt Sept. 20
Corona Humboldt Sept. L'O
Luxor Seattle Sept. 211
S. Barbara Pan Pedro Sept. 21
Olympic San Pedro Sept. 21
State Callforn San Diego & Way Pts.. Sept. 21
S. Portland.. Portland & Astoria ... Sept. 21
J. Dollar Seattle & Tacoma Sept. 2'
S. Monica Grays Harbor Sept. 22
! Newburg Grays Harbor Sept. 22
i F. H. Legeett. Portland |Sept. 22
; G. Llndauer. . Gray* Harbor ISept. 22
j Alameda Honolulu Sept. 'Si
O. \V. Elder... Portland & Astoria.... Sept. 22
Chehalls Grays Harbor Sept. 2."}
Pomona Humboldt Sept. 23
Bonlta Newport & Way Ports SeA 23
Newport New York via Panama. Sept. 2:i
Santa Rosa... San Diego & Way Pts. Sept. 2+
Point Arena... Mendoclno & Pt. Arena Sept. 24
Queen Puget Sound Ports .... Sept. 24
Coronado Grays Harbor Sept. 25
North Fork... Humboldt Sept. 25
Curacao Mexican Ports Sept. 27
Columbia Portland & Astoria Sept. 27
Ventura Sydney & Way Ports.. Sept. 2S
Doric . China & Japan Sept. 2.S
IbIs Hamburg & Way Ports. Sept. 2S
The army transport Sherman. Captain Bru
rulere commanding, arrived yesterday from
Manila. Phe left the Philippine port August
t f l a>Td on August 22 was released from the
<<uarantine station at Marlvtli-*. She called
«t Nagapakl and wcmld have been here a day
"r to j-oo'ur had it not btpon for persistent
h*no winds snd several days, when near this
««rt of thick foe. She brought 9.1 cabin
Puk rfrrr. about a score in I'm Mawttd cabin
Transport Sherman Arrives.
Pydnoy— Mrs. M. E. Austin. Hon. Reginald
J Black Mrs. Black. G. G. Black. A. A. Blow
Mrs. Blow and child. W. W. Campbell. A. Jl
Coffte. II. L. Cowan. Mrs. C. Craig. T. Dick
inson. Hugh M. Doasrlas. V. M. Dowllns. Miss
J. M. Dowling. Hardy Dowrlnp. Miss N. Fer-
ItuBon. E. J. Forbes. Mrs. Forbes and child.
Captain C. Griffith. Miss Ida M. Hammond.
1.. M. Hancock. Mrs. Hancock and child. Mrs.
Vincent C. Kink. Iver Lswson. Mrs. E. Lewis,
K. L. Rarnett. George Cheverton, Wlllla.'n
Georgoson. Thomas Johns. Mrs. R. H. Lynn.
Mrs. E. Marx. P. .1. McGrath. Mrs. McGrath
and two chilfircn. Miss Anna McGrath. Master
John M<<;rath. Master \Valter McGrath. W. A.
Mrrryday, Mrs Merryday and infant. Harry
Merrj-day, Master Karlow Merryday. 1^. H.
Iteiyd&y Mls« Marlon Merryday, William
O'Hara. Mrs. O'Hara. Patrick Peoples. John
FUphens. A. C. Stone. Mrs. Stone. Mrs. A.
Van .Male. Geonre Van Male. Miss Annie Van
Male. Mrs. A. M Weaver. Mrs. A. D Little.
Miss Little H Marquiset Mrs. M. A. Me-
C>mer.t. Miss McClemcnt Floyd McFarland.
M. Mcl^od. A. MeRotoert. Mrs. McRobert. F.
Moon. MIfb Muriel Newth. MiM Ruby Xewt'n,
E E. Parsons. Miss A. S. Qulgley. C. A.
Rand. C. J. Rflry. L. F. Schoenheimer. J. C.
Phierlaw. J. gmlth. Dr. 'Stranjrman. Mrs.
Ptracgman. Charles Tait. Eugene Troort. Mrs.
TrroFt. Dr. V. R. von Bauer. A. G. Wiggins.
WlUUm Merx, Mrs Marqulset.
For Honolulu — Miss Albright. Mrs. F. C.
Athertun. Mliu Lillian Hacon. Miss M. E.
J-acon. Sifter B<ata. Mifs N. Bothell. M.
Jiraf.ch. J. F Bruny. Mrs. Bruns and child,
Mrs. C. R. Brunson W. Campbell. Mrs. Camp
bell and child. P. A. Cartell W. J. Coelho.
Mrs. J. P Cooke and eon J. Croll. Miss Cul
ver Miss A. Dellex. F. W Dicknon, Mrs.
nicksor. J. H rxijkins. Jlre. Dcpkins. E. P.
Do* B. C Doyle W- H Edgar. Mr«. Edgar.
Wallace Ev.rbon. Mrs. M. J. Sroofy. W. G.
Scott. Mrs. Scott. Mm. M C. Scudder. Mrs.
W. E. Sharon Miss C. L. Sheffield. J. A.
Smith. Mrs. M. E. Baldwin. Miss M. Beers.
A. W. Carmen. Miss A. C. Hendrick*. Alfred
Johnson. Harry Johnson, Mrs. Susan Miller,
Mr*. Hanto* and child Mrs. Evtrson Miss
Farlpy. P J. Flynn Mrs. Flynn E. Gilder
metster. W. W K. Hamilton. J. T. HumberR,
Mrs. E. C. Judd. E. G. Keen. Slater Leonilda,
Robert Lewrrs, A. C. Logan. J. A. Low. K.
J. Lott'rey. J. G. MacFadyean. Llndsey May,
Mrs.% M. Meyers. J. B. Newport. Miss F. L.
OFborn»> Ml5> F. OsbornA. W. G. R<wd Mies
E. D. Rice. Mir. T. Richards Richardson. Mrs.
nichardson and child. Captain Hu*h Rodman.
H. P. lloth. L. Scoory. W. H. Smith Mrs. M.
Thn:m. «. J. Wajtner. Dr. M. J. White. Mrs.
White. Mr*. H. F. WIchman, A. L. Young,
Urs TlrMch. Mrs. Newport.
l'agro Paeo — F. C Bare. N. A. Benoit W.
'*. Bowen. J. A. Farrell. B. F. Filer C L.
Hawkins. C. II. K<ndrick. A. Kinnard'. C. F.
l.j.rr.' :.'i W. A. Lank. A. I^mk» F. L Mar
tin E. J McElhlnny J. Mixon. W. G Morton
A. It. Mulbarger. W. P. Murphy. S. L. Palmer',
J. J. Reagan. C. E. Re*d. C. K. Smyth, T.
Toninaira C. W. Trueworthy. H. Walters C
C. Wellborn
To join at Pago Pago for Auckland — W. W.
Focur. Mrs. Fogg.
Auckland — R. II. Abbctt Mrs. Abbott E.
C. Banks. Mrs. C. T. Brown. J. Collins Hon.
R Lyttclton. C. B. : Hen. M. L. Moea. Mrs.
Moss A. L. Palmer. Mrs. E. F. Ritchie. G.
M. Hall. A. J. Holmes. Mrs. A. Knifrge. Miss
T.. McGaffin J. Park, James Shaw. W. White-
Celd.
A large crowd thronged the Oceanic
dock and witnessed the departure of the
liner.
Anions tho?e that sailed on the So
noma were:
the latter were many well known
people, some of them prominent in local
business and social circles and others peo
ple cf mark in colonial life. Wallace
Kvtrson of the Pacific Surety Company
and Mrs. Kverson are going on the So
noma to Honolulu, where they will spend
an extended vacation. Captain Hugh
Rodman of the navy, another passenger,
goes to the island port for duty, as does
Dr. . M. J. White of the marine hospital
service, who will take charge of the
United States quarantine station at Hono
lulu.
The Sonoma's cargo included C000 cases
of apj>les, 10.000 (Jises of salmon and 50,000
feet of lumber..
OHE Oceanic Steamship Company's
liner Sonoma sailed yesterday fpr
the Antipodes with a full cargo
and nearly 300 passengers. Among
and troops as follows: Six hundred and forty
enlisted men of the Tenth Infantry. 130 en.
llFted men of the First Cavalry, 2. r »tf enlisted
casuals. :-f2 general prisoners. hG discharged
fcoMiers, I'o civilian employes and 31 Philippine
natives en route to the St. Lx>uis Exposition.
These latter are going to St. I^ouis to install
the Filipino exhibit. They are artisans o?
various craft and among them are some expert
builder? o f the Philippine house.
Colontl Charles H. Noble was In command
of the returning troops. Among the passengers
were two brigadier generals, home for retire
ment. General E. B. Atwood succeeded Gen
eral Baldwin as quaxtermaster general of the
division of the Philippines. General D. J.
Craigie left here not long &go as colonel of
the Seventeenth Infantry. Another passenger
was Major J 1$. Aleshlre, who made for him
self an enviable record in charge of the
transport service at Manila. He Is on his way
to Washington.
There were two deaths during the homeward
voyage, J. Randall of the Tenth Infantry and
W. M. Lee of the Second Battalion of En
gineers. Their bodies were embalmed and
brought home for burial. During the outward
voyage a fireman named Flavin disappeared
and Is supposed to hav<» fallen overboard. Nine
teen Ftowaways were discovered on the trans
lort after leaving Nagasaki. Among them are
a number of Russians.
The passengers that returned on the Sherman
included the following named:
Brigadier General K. B. AtwooJ. Brigadier
General D. J. Craigie, Colonel Charles H.
Noble. Major A. H. Appel, Major J. B. Ale-
Fhlre. Major H. K. Bailey. Major S. Ilowell.
Captain K. A. Hoot, Captain D. Price, Captain
E. A. Helmtck, Mrs. E. A. Helmlck, Gardner
Helmick. Ml.«s Florence Helmick Miss Baby
H* Imick. Caotain W. A. Phillip?. Mrs. \V. A.
Phillips. Mary A. Phillips. Captains E. S.
Wright, M. B. Stokes. F. C. Marshall. Mrs.
K. C. Marshall, Captains II. W*. French, R.
K. Ingrain, Mrs. R. E. Ingram. Captain J. H.
liice. First Lieutenants J. D. Tiltoid. H. R.
Richmond, S. R. Gleaves, L. A. Chapman, Mrs.
L. A. Chapman. First Lieutenant? E. A. Stur
gls. F. Mears. R. C. Caldwell, G. J. Ho'.den.
G. S. Turner. K. H. Cook, E. It. L>. Kreckln
rfdge. J. S. Young Jr., J. R. Lee. K. Eppley,
H. F. UcFeeter. J. E. Morris. J. G. Hannah.
Mrs. J. G. Hannah Marlon Hannah First
Lieutenant "William Taylor, Mra. William
Taylor, Fim Lieutenant R. C. number. Mrs.
R. C. Humber. Second Lieutenants William
McK. Walton. K. C. Burnett, R. C. Hand. T.
M, Hunter. William H. Patterson, W. L. Reed,
II. H. Pearce, F. B. Eastman, G. C. Rockwell,
G. H. Stewart. J. JL Gibert, F. Black, H. M.
Cooper, A. N. Graham, \V. H. Bell. J. C.
Pegram. H. L. Godges, F. D. Smith, First
Lieutenant Thaddeus B. Selgel, Second Lieu
tenants OIney Place. A. S. Perkins. Mrs. A.
S. Perkins, First Lieutenant R. B. Miller.
Mm. R. B. Miller and child. First Lieutenants
I. W. Patton. Alexander Murray,' Mrs. Alex
ander Murixy, Miss Barbara Murray, Master
Lyle Murray. Second Lieutenant Crlspulo
Patajo, Mrs. Leroy Eltlnge. Dr. K. II. Wool
wy, Dr. F. K. Bourns. Miss Bourns. Miss
Sarah C. Asher, MIps Josephine Rector, Robert
Taft. A. F. Kelleher. Miss Mabel Wood. F.
S. Palmer. II. Bindewald, John Hatch, J. • C.
O'Donnell. A. A. Moore, Mrs. A. A. Moore.
P. A. Calvin. Mrs. P. A. Gaivln, Mrs. T. F.
Burger. Mrs. G. H. Zantner, Mrs. F. X. Herlc.
Guy Herlc. Miss Gene Herlc, Mrs. J. F. Dillon,
M*s Doris Dillon. Mrs. W. C. Cox.
From Nagasaki — Captain B. M. Purssell.
Mrs. B. M. Purs?ell. J. P. Purssell. Captain
James Baylies. Captain C. J. T. Clarke. Mrs.
C. J. T. Clarke, First- Lieutenant W. S. Brown,
Mrs. C. H. Noble, Charles Noble, J. C. Rut
ledge, Baby Rutledge, Mrs. J. C. Rutledge,
Mis? Anna Rutledge. Mrs. E. A. Root, Mrs.
G. S. Younsr. H. W. Young. Miss Margaret
Young. E. E. Lockhart, C. H. Bush, B. M.
Greenwocd.
OCEANIC STEAMSHIP COMPANY'S CRACK LINER SONOMA, WHICH SAILED YESTERDAY ' FOR HONOLULU
AND THE ANTIPODES WITH NEARLY 300 PASSENGERS AND A CARGO WHICH' INCLUDED CALIFOR
NIA FRUIT AND LUMBER AND A LARGE SHIPMENT OF SALMON. . . — .
TO ARRIVE.
Movements of Steamers.
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height of
tide is the same at both places.
FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER~li!
Sun rises 5:53
Sun sets 6:14
Moon rises 2:50 a. m.
0 Time Time 'Time Time
» Ft. Ft. [ Ft Ft.
« L. W H W |L W H W
IS 2:45 0.0 9:401 8.1 3:001 2.0 9:151 JUS
19 3:32 0.0 10:20 6.4 3:51 1.5 10:141 5.7
20 4:21 0.2 10:5.8 8.6 4:41] 1.0 11:08] 5.U
21 I 6:(M| 0.5|ll:35| 5.7| B:20| 0.7| f
H W L, W H W h W
22 0:00 5.5 5:45 0.8 12:12 5.7 0:17 0.5
23 0:55 5.3 6:20 1.2 12:52 5.7 7:04 <JU
24 I 1:51 5.0 7:0" 1.7| 1:32 5.0 7:55 0.4
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are Riven 'In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day. except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given ara In
addition to the soundings of the United Statea
Coast Survey charts, except when the number
Kiven Js subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of ref*r»nco is the mean
of the lower low waters.
The witnesses examined yesterday were
Corporal George W. Russell, who made a
diagram of the scene of the shooting; Dr.
L. D. Baclgalupl, the autopsy surgeon at
the Morgue; Frank W. Farley, who was
In the saloon at the time of the shooting,
and Mrs. Henrloulle, the saloon-keeper.
Two of the witnesses, Murdoch McDonald
and John McCann, failed to answer to
their names, and bench warrants were
issued for their arrest. The case will be
continued this morning.
A jury was impaneled in Judge Cook's
court yesterday to try the case of Wil
liam T. Rudolph, charged with the mur
der of Walter Edgerton in Mrs. Elizabeth
Henrioulle's saloon, 135 Second street, on
the afternoon of February 11.
Rudolph is a son-in-law of the notorious
"Mother" Keyeu, and it was said he had
a grudge against Edgerton for striking
his mother-in-law last November during
a dispute about the possession of Edger
ton's clothes. Edgerton had served a
term in San Quentln.
The two met on Second street, near Na
toma, on February 11, and Rudolph claims
that Edgerton cut him twice with a knife.
Rudolpl? pulled a revolver out of_ hi3
pocket and Edgerton ran into Mrs. Hen
rioulle's saloon, followed by Rudolph.
gerton took refuge behind some barrels,
but Rudolph saw him, and Edgerton
threw up his hands, saying, "Don't shoot;
you see I have .nothing." Rudolph delib
erately shot him dead.
Rudolph was arrested later in his moth
er-in-law's residence, 28 Minna street, by
Policemen Tyrrell and Wlnzler and of
fered a' stout resistance. The police claim
that Rudolph cut himself in his mother-
Jn-law's residence to prepare for a plea
of self-defense.
Accused of Killing Walter
Edgerton in Saloon
s Last February.
William T. Rudolph on
Trial Before Judge
Cook.
IMPANELS JURY
IN MURDER CASE
nSFxSTySSF Sept 15 - Stmr s *^«ca.
Sailed Sept 15— Stmr . AlHanca. for New
HAMBURG— Sailed • S*pt 13— Dutch «h»n
Nederland. for Port Lcs Anj-lei - " Wp
YOKOHAMA— Arrived S«pt &-Jan .tr^r
Kaga- MarU. . from-8e«ltle.\ " D . 8tmr
.VICTORIA— Arrived Bept .17— Stmr Plel*d«»,
hetice' Sept 13.
Sailed Sept 17— Schr R W Bartlett. for San
Francisco.
Arrived. Sept 17— Stmr Geo W Elder, hence
Sept 15.
PORT- LOS ANGELES— Arrived Sept 19 —
Swed stmr Marie, from JIoJI.
REDONDO — Arrived Sept 17 — Stmr Navarro.
from San Pedro. ' f ¦ ¦¦
TATOOSH— Pasesd otlt Sept 17— Schr Gil
bert' L' Smith, .for Ban Francisco; bark'Dia
mond. Head, for Honolulu; Ger Btmr Luxor,
for San 'Francisco. *i
Pasted -out -Sept 17 — Bktn Kohala. from Che
rna!nus, B C.- for Sduth Africa.-
Parsed in Sept ,17 — Schr. El I Dorado. * from
Tslntau. for Port Townsend; atmr ' Pleiades,
from "Honikonrr for Seattle.. • ¦
8EATTLE— Sailed 8ept lft^-<Jer «tmr Luxor,
for San Francisco. S«pt 17 — Stmr Sant» Ana,
for Valdec; utmr. Dolphin, for fllcae»ay
GRATS HAR6OR— Arrived Sepf 17— Stmr
Santa • Monica, hence Sept- 12. r ¦ .
• EUREKA — Arrived Sept 17 — Stmr Corona,
hence Sept 16. •*. ....
Arrived Sept 17— Stmr Eureka, hence Sept 16
stmr Arctic, hence Sept ltt.
WESTPORT— Sailed -Sept' 17— Stmr West
port, for San Francisco.
ABERDEEN-r.Arrivrt. Sept 17— Stmr Santa
Monica, .hence. Sent 12. . *
FORT BRAGG— Arrived ! 8ept 17— Stmr
Brooklyn.- hence": Sept 16.
BANDOX. .Or— Sailed Sept 16— Stmr Chlco
for San' Fraccltco. . '
Sailed Sept 17 — S«hr Onward, for San Fran
cisco. •¦• '• : ' - - '
COOS BAY — Arrived Sept 17— Stmr Czarina.
hence, Sept 14. • " *.
Sailed Sept 17— Stmr Arcata. for San Fran
ciaco.; -
VENTURA— Sailed Sept 17— Schr Fanny Du
tard, for Coos Bay. .„
' - - . ISI^AND PORT.
HONOLULU— Sailed Sept 16— U S stmr So
lace, for San Francisco.
fro^S^iuf^ SePt .^ Bktn L * h » ln »-
Sa^F^fs^ SePt 1 *~ Stmr =»««*•. 'or
MANILA — Sailed Sept 16— Schr Ceorz* V
Billings, for Port Townsend. ' George E
FOREIGN PORTS
- . \vr-v,.-;..^. ,. ..\. • ¦• ........ • . .. .r • -; -
THE, SAN ; 2RANCISCO. CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 18, 1903.
Leaves Port Carrying a Valuable Cargo,- Which"- In
cludes 6000 Boxes of California Apples, I 0;000
Cases of Alaska Salmon and a Lumber Shipment
10
Article* that trill make
Money for yon.
AVhy American*
Are more auccenafiil
than DrltonN.
11 y John Fonter Fraier.
Flrat of a aerie* of the T. eat
Contrnporancoaii Thonsrht
by world-famous
men bestns
Next Sandar Call.
eF& sir j?% gr± an n 4% „ FREE Yv 1 1 H
KloUN-o I iHii next
LADY I ¦ '_"!' 1' r-g -ml m-'
""Pn'fll'lETTC''^ rSd "SUNDAY
L/\ri'V' IN RED
FREE ART PICTURE WITH NEXT SUNDAY CALL, September 20
TRAIN NEWS AOENTSMD ALL NEWSDEALERS SELL THE CALL
Price 5 Cents. Price 5 Cents. Price 5 Cents.
THEY ARE FRAMING THE CALL ART SUPPLEMENTS
_______ Tha Following Art Dealers Are Making a Specialty of Framing Call Art Supplements: -
SACRAMENTO — Hevener, Mier & street; Gage's art store. 509 East SAN DIKGO W P Fuller fe Co-
Co., 615 J street; C. N. Davis, book Main street; Weber's art store. 425 71 F street. " '
store. S17 K street. . East Main street. - ,_ FRESNO — Sronce & Dick
PETALUMA— H. S. Gutermute, J. MARYSVILLE— G. W. Hall. REDDING — W. H. Benin. M Be-sh
M. Wyckoff. OAKLAND— E. J. Saake. 13 Tele- Furniture Company'; TJ Houston.
SAN JOSE — George Denne, M. Len- graph avenue; A. A. Barlow. 363 Houston Furniture Company ual - wa *
zen & Son. Twelfth street - ' . REDWOOD CITY — W l/'Kllne.
STOCKTON — Morris Bros.' book ALAMEDA — C. P. Magagmos, 1353 . SANTA CRUZ — II E. IrishCooka
store. 20 North El Dorado street; Park street. ' - Bros.. F. R. Hew. George Hoban.
Stockton Racket store. 711 East Main ., CHICO— Fetters & "Williams. JACKSON— E. G. Freeman CoSterling Exchange, sixty days ... — $4 83V4
Sterling Exchange, eight — 4 86*4
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 87^
New York Exchange, eight — 07 Vi
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 10
Silver, per ounce — 07%
Mexican Dollars, nominal — 4"^
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT — Conditions remain about the same
everywhere. Chicago reports the movement
increasing, but that it Is still moderate, ex
cept In th» West. A portion of the Spring
Wheat is impaired in .quality. The Chicago
market was somewhat lower yesterday. •
There Is no change worthy of note here.
Buyers are paying more 1 In the country than
on this market.
CASH WHEAT.
California Club. $1 45@1 52H; CaUfornia
Exchange and Bullion.
LOCAL MARKETS.
• Alaska Packers' continued to decline, sell
ing down to $150 in the . afternoon. Otherwise
there was nothing new. The mirket was only
moderately active.
California Combined OH Company of Oak
land has levied an assessment of 2c per chare,
delinquent October 15.
Kern Canyon Oil Company of Fresno has
levied assessment No. 7 of 2Uc, delinquent
October 14.
The stockholders of the Bank of California
have all signified their Intentions to take the
proportion of the new stock to which they are
entitled according to their holdings.
Stock and Bond Exchange.
THURSDAY. Sept 17—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS, v.,
Bld.Ask. Bld.Ask.
4s qr coup.. — . 4g qr c (new) — —
4s qr reg... — — 3s qr coup:. 107 — •
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 58. — — Do 5s — —
Bay CPC 5s. 103 105 »Do con 5s. 103 105
Cal C G 5s. — — O W C O 5s. — 09
Cal O & E g Oceanic 8 5s. — —
m & ct 5s. — — Om C R 6s. — —
Cal-st Gs ' — — P" c G Im 4s — —
C C Wat 5s. — 102M P E Ry 5s.. 110 111
Ed L A P 6s. — — P & C R 6s. — —
F & C H 6s. — •¦ — P & OR Cs. — —
Geary-st 5s. ¦"— ' -7 . Powell-st Co. — —
TONOPAH MINES.
Bid. Ask. I Bld.Ask.
Colehan ..... 15 23IRescue ...... 00 10
Esperanza ...02 Ki.Ton Celmont.l K 1 W
Gipsy Queen. 27 — jTon & Cal... 25 30
Lucky Tom.. — 07 Ton- Fraction. " — 60
MacNamara . 17 13 Ton tt Gt W. — 05
Mizpah Ex .. 34 S5)Ttm of Nev. . — 7 50
Mont Ton ..91 — Ton X Star.. 45 4*
N Y Ton.... — -10 Ton Midway.. 40 45
Paymaster .. — 13 Ton & S Lake — 45
Pine Grove... 56 — (United Ton... 15 25
THURSDAY. Sept. 17—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Alpha 07 09'julia 02 0.1
Alta 04 O«!Justlcfl OS 10
Andes 16 17 Kentuck ...... 03 04
Belcher 25 2S Mexican .....1 1O 1 13
Best & Belch. 1 75 1 03 .Occidental ... 35 3*
Bullion ...... 04 05 Ophir 1 80 1 85
Caledonia 97 OS 'Overman .... 25 27
Challenge ... 36 37 Potosl 25 26
Chollar ..?... 25 2U Savage - .. 29 30
Confidence ... • SO " OOlScorplon '02 0*
Con Cal & V.I 55 1 60 Seg Belcher. . ' 10 11
Con Imperial- 04 0-" Sierra Ner... 65 C7
Con N Y IS 13 Silver Hill... 60 68
Crown Point.. 13 15 St Louis .... 16 18
Eureka Con.. 40 H<>, Syndicate ... — Oft
Exchequer ... 12 13 L'nion Con... 66 69
Gould & Cur. 30 31|Utah 16 17
Hale & Norc. 54 55 Yel Jacket.... 54 0.'.
Lady Wash . . : 04 06|
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
blueetem, S2c; club,. 78c.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Sept. 17. — Wheat — Walia
Walla, 77c; bluestem, 81c; valle/, SOc.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Sept. 17. — Wheat, unchanged;
Northern Wheat Market.
STOCK MARKET..
Receipts of Fruit, while light, were ample,
as the local demand was 1 not very brisk and
there was practically no Inquiry for shipping.
Peaches were not as active as on the preced
ing day, and the top quotation for *mall boxes
was obtain-d only fcr fine highly colored
strawberry freestones from the mountain dis
tricts. "5c being an extreme figure for other
varieties. Offerings in bulk moved slowly,
as the canners were backyard buyers. Fancy
Apples and Bartlett Pears ruled firm, but low
grade offerings were • abundant and weak
Quinces and Prunes were in fair request and
prices were maintained. Pomegranates were
suddenly plentiful and prices had a sharp de
cline. Figs were abundant and for the gen
eral run cf supplies 7oc was an extreme fig
ure, tne top quotation being obtained only
for extra large packages. Nutmeg Melons and
Cantaloupes were In llmted supply and
steady. Three cars of Watermelons were* mar
keted and prices were shaded. The demand,
howeVer, was brisk at the revised quotations
Table Granes *n ¦ large • open boxes were ' hi
good request locally, but offerings In cratoa
moved slowly, there, being, no shipping de
mand -Wine Grapes were offering freely and
moved off fairly well. Some poor stock from
Lodl was offering as low as $ IS per ton", bui
good stock continued to bring • the previously
quoted rates. Huckle-berrles . were abundant
and weaker, while the other, varieties wen in
moderate receipt and steady for choice offerings
There were no changes in Citrus Fruits. Sup
plies of all descriptions, except . Limes, were
ample and •he demand was fair. The market
was bare of ritw> Bananas.
STRAWBERRIES — $2©3 per chest for Ma
lindas end 1 4jJ5 for other large varieties; Long
worths/ $465 Der chest.
RASPBERRIES— $436 per chest.
BLACKBERRIES— $203 per chest for ordi
nary and $4 5C©5 50 tor fancy from Santa
Cruz. - '. > '"' ¦
HUCKLEBERRIES— &©7e per lb. '
APPLES — C0cg$l 25 per box for fancy, 500
75c for good to choice and ; 25@40c for com
"PEARS— Bartletts, $1 25®1 60;. winter varie
ties, 40675c per box-
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
SEATTLE. Sept. 17.— Clearings, $413,331;
balances. $50.58.8.
TACOMA. Sept. 17.— Clearings, $352,517;
balances. $29,290.
PORTLAND. Sept. 17. — Clearings, $050,508;
balances. 5CT1.877.
SPOKANE, S«pt. 17. — Clearings. $363,884;
balances, $1C,574. \
Northern Business.
Flour, qr eks... S..W Bran, sks 3,390
Wheat, ctls 2.500 Middlings, sks.. 670
Oats, ctls 2,490 Shorts, sks..... 2,875
Potatoes, sks... 33 Feed, saks 6C0
OREGON.
FOR THURSDAY. SEPTEMBER 17.
Flour, qr sks... lO.RSOJBran, sks .. 815
Wheat, ctls...... 3.0S0 -Middlings, sks.. 300
Parley, ctl3 K,355j Screenings, sks. 200
OatB ctls....... 3,6:0iTallow. ctls - 203
Corn, ctls....... 2!>;Pelts. No ... 225
Beans, sks l,K75;Hldes, No...... 25f
Potatoes sks... 5.26i)Powder. car 1
Onions, sks 2.310 Quicksilver, flks. 94
Wool, bales.,... 171'Leather. rolls... lfiT
Hops, bales 577 Wine, gals 22.000
Hay, tons ¦" SRS Lime, bbls. 503
Btraw, tons,.... 41
Receipts of Produce.
LONDON, Sept. 17. — The offerings at the
wool auction sales to-day r numbered 12,312
bales, chiefly croesbreds. There was a large
attendance and competition was spirited. A
moderate supply of Mtrlnos met with a brisk
demand for home and Continental spinners.
Fine Merinos were firm. . American purchases
Included a few lots of medium coarse.
London Wool Sales.
BUTTER — Creamery, and occasionally
31c for extra* and 2tJ£j2Sc for seconds' dairy
21024c: store Butter, 17M>@19c; cold storage,'
24625c: Eastern, 22©24c per lb.
CHEESE— New. 12^13c; Young America.
13@14c; Eastern, 15@16c; Western. 14fil5o
rer lb.
EGGS — Ranch. 36@37%c for large white se
lected and 30#35c for fair to choice; store,
22%®27c; cold storage. 24Q2Cc; Eastern. 'J2Y.it
27Vic r>er dozen.
The market showed no change yesterday
Butter was quiet. Cheese pk-ntlful and dull
and Eggs in moderate supply and steady.
Receipts were .".ij.OOO lbs Butter, ti30 cases
Eeps and 48,000 lbs Cheese.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
ST. LOUIS. Sept. 17. — Wool. dull, steady:
medium grades, combing and cleaning, lfl@21c;
light fine. 15S17%c; heavy fine, 12B14»4c; tub
washed, 20£30c.
St. Louis Wool Market.
NEW YORK, Sept. 17. — The cotton market
closed... barely steady, 3©7 points lowfr.
A T ra; York Cotton Market.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
i The followicg were the sales on the San
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester
day:
Morning Session.
COO Andes 171 200 Exchequer ... 11
COO Bullion 04 100 Ophir 183
600 Challenge Ccn 3T>; 300 Pctosl 25
100 C C & Va 1 55 500. Silver Hill.... 72
500 Crown Point.. 191 100 Union Con... 67
Afternoon Session. %
500 Andes 16 150O Con Imperial. 05
100 Belcher 25 700 Gould & Cur. SI
100 Caledonia ... »S 50 Hale & Norc. 52
300 Challenge Con 30 300 Savage ...... 30
200 C C & Va 1 55
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
The following were the sales on the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
500 Bullion 04 500 Savage* .... 27
200 Caledonia .. 04 500 Savage ... "^t
500 Chal Con... 36 2CO Savage .. 23
100 C C & Va..l 55 200 Sierra Nev. €B
200 Con N York la 1500 Sliver Hl!l. 70
200 Mexican ...1 10 SOO Yellow J#k 55
200 Overman . . 27^. 200 Yellow Jack 50
Afternoon Session.
300 Belcher .... 25 200 Gould & Cur 31
100 Caledonia . &S 300 Hale & Nor 54
2CO Chal Con... 38 100 Ophir 1KU
200 Chollar .... 26 ' 3CO Savage .... 29
100 C C & Va..l 55 200 Savage 30
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
The following were the sales en the San
Francisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yes
tprday:
Morning Session.
3000 Esperanza ... 03 100 Mont Ton.... fr*
300 Gipsy Queen.. 2f. 300 Rescue jo
COO MacNamara . 17 100 Ton Fraction 60
200 MacNamara . 20 300 Ton N Star... 4ij
100 MacNamara . IS SOO Ton N Star. .. 47
150 Mont Ton 911 200 Ton N Star... 43
Afternoon Session.
300 Eeperanza ... 031 SOO Paymaster ... 13
200 Gipsy Queen. 20! 100 Ton A Cal 2S
500 MacNamara . 10: 200 Ton & Cal.... 27
5C0 MacNamara . 18! 100 Ton of Nev... 7 00
100 MacNamara . 17 1400 Ton N Star. . . 47
50 Mont Ton.... 951 'SCO Ton N Star. .. 46
100 Mont Ten Oil 300 Ton N Star... 45
Mining Stocks.
Poultry continued firm with the demand good
and although receipts were liberal, the market
cleaned up well at steady prices. Two cars
of Western were marketed, making five thus
far this week. Retailers were busy stocking
up for the Hebrew holiday trade, and occa
sional sales of fine, large, young stock were
reported above the quoted rates. Game of
good quality sold well. Receipts wrre light and
prices were unchanged.
POULTRY— Yourg Turkeys, nominal: Gee^.
p*-r pair, $1 50(31 75; Goslings. $2<g2 25"
Du(jks, . S4@5 per dozen for old and $5@0
for young; Hens. $4 5O«S<5; young Roosters,
$5@G; old Roosters. $4 00(95; Fryers, $3 50®
4 50; Broilers, $3<g3 50 for large and $2 SQQ'i
for fmall; Pigeons. $1.50 per dozen for old and
$1 !>oe2 for Squabs.
GAME— Rabbits, $1 2. r .^l 75 per dozen; Hare
$1®1 25; Wild Doves, 75@90c per dozen
Poultry and Game.
NEW YORK, Sept. 17. — Spot tin was 5s
higher in London at £120 15s and futures ad
vanced 7s Od to £120 15s. The local market
for tin was auiet at $27 15-S27 60
Copper advanced 7s 0d for spot to £50 17s 6d
in London, and futures there were oe higher
at £50 12s Cd- Locally copper was nominally
unchanged. Lake is quoted at $13 75, electro
lytic at $13 i'2*2&13 75 and casting at $13 20®
13 37'i.
Lead remained firm here at an advance of
10 points to $4 50. but was unchanged in Lon
don at £11 S» 9d.
Spelter declined 5s In London to £21, but
remained In New York at $6.
Iron closed ft 50s Od in Glasgow and 45s
7 J '4d in Mlddlesboro. I»cally Iron was quiet.
No. 1 foundry (northern), $17; No. 2 do, $1B 50;
No. 1 foundry (southern) and do soft, $15 50
©16. ¦•>';>
Nciv York Metal Market.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Have advanced
«ic. Red Lead, 6>4@7c per lb; Whits Lead,
6i4ffT7c, according to quantity.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb, in 100-lb bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Flue Crushed. 5.85c;
Powdered, 5.70c; Candy Granulated. 5.70c: Dry
Granulated, fine, 5.COc; Dry Granulated, coarse.
5.»!0c; Fruit Granulated. 5.60c; B»»t Granulated
(100-lb bags only). — : Confectioners* A. 5.60c:
Magnolia A. 5.20c; Extra C. 5.10c; Golden C,
5c: "D," 4.00c; barrels. 10c more: hair bar
rels, 25c more: boxes. 50c more; 50-lb. bags,
10c more for all kinds. Tablets — Half barrels.
fi.lOc: boxes, 6.35c per lb. No orders taken for
less than seventy-five barrels or Its equivalent.
COAL OIL — Water White Coal Oil In bulk.
14c; Pearl Oil in cases. 20Uc; Astral 20Uc-
Star. 20%c: Extra Star. 24^c: Elaine, 26&c;
Eocene. 23V4c: deodorized Stove Gasoline In
bulk, 17c» In cases, 23«4c: Benzine. In bulk.
13c; In cases, 19'ac: S6-degree Gasoline, In
bulk. 21c: in cases. 27V4c. . .
TURPENTINE — 78c per gallon In cases and
72c in drums and Iron barrels.
BAGS — Grain Bags, 5@5%c; San Quentln,
5.55c; Wool Bags. 32®35c; Fleece Twine, 7H©
Sc; Cctton Fruit Bags. Ci4c, H^c and 7J4c for
the three grades; Brown Jute, tS*4®7Hc.
COAL — Wellington, $8 per ton; New Wel
lington, $S: geatile, §U 50; Bryant. $0 50; Bea
ver Hill. ?5 50; Stanford, $7; Roslyn. $7; Coos
Bay. $5 50: Greta, $7; Wallsend, $7; Rich
mond. $7 50; Cumberland, 913 In bulk and
$14 25 In sacks: Welsh Anthracite Egg, $13;
Welsh Lump. $11 50; Cannel. $8 50 per ton;
Coke. $11 50@13 per ton In bulk and $15 In
racks; Rocky Mountain descriptions, $8 45 per
2000 lbs and $8 50 per ton. according to brand.
OIL — Linseed is higher. Linseed, 49c
for boiled and 47c for raw in barrels;
case?, 5c more; Castor Oil, in cases.
No. 1, 70c; Bakers' AA. $1 10@l 12; Lucol. 41c
for boiled and 39c for raw in barrels; Lard Oil,
extra winter strained, barrels. 00c; cases 95c;
China Nut. 55*970c per gallon; pure Neatsfoot.
In barrel?. 75c: cases. SOc: Sperm, pure. 75c;
Whale OH, natural white, 50@55c per gallon;
Fish Oil, In barrels, 45c; cases. 50c; Cocoanut
Oil. In barrels, 58c for Ceylon ar.d 55c for Aus.
tralian.
General Merchandise.
Xcz^'brk Stock Market.
NEW. YORK. Sept. 17. — Interest t» io-day>
«--C<k market centered larg»-!y around the St*el
if^ufs acd certain othrr IndUEtri&ls. The crop
titu&non. co'r.cet-cir.g which further contradic
tory reports catse to hand, was of secondary
L*nj>orui:i<>-, compared with the Impression con
veyed by the further heaviness of Steel com
u:on. wrtrich e£tab!i£h£d a new low record of
1^'a- "Tiiere vas little I.M11IH against Steel
preferred ' an«l the 5 xxrr cent bonds w»re
ttcsi>ly. coroi»ar«>d with the previous day's
marked weakness. Another feature of the in
ousirlal situation which was not without tn
flucne*. icU^wlng hard upan the early week's
otvclcpnj* nts in United States Realty, was the
J*iuwing riiade by the Standard Ror>e and
Twine Cnmcany and the late br.Jik in Ten
ne»s« CoaL
Under normal conditions prices In New York
jr-'tiably would have shown pome advance at
tho ouuet if only from the fact that the Bank
flf .«...¦: v discouct rate showed no a<i-
Uk&e*. tut persistent K-llinB cf Americans by
I>on<l<^n and the of a prominent
Liverpool cotton hous«- helloed to produce an
irregular oj't'nir.g. Buying of standard rail
way shares by brokers commor.ly supposed to ,
i»>prrs<?nt strong ir.tertsts. tugeth^r with heavy
«-o\ering, turned the course cf the market up
war! before noon. Atchlson was taken In
large amounts by a Western commission house
an<l tome cf the I'aciSe stocks advanced un
d*r buyinjc by brokers that have been prom
inent in these ¦»-¦.- recently. Brooklyn Rapid
-"rar.sil. concerning which many rumors were
circulated, was again Irregular.
All of the morning's improvements were
wli*d oat later when trading became dull, and
Iiriccis once more eagped. In the last hour the
w«-&Jtnts* of the Industrial group became more
acute, Tfnne«6*e Coal selling off 4 points and
Unit«;il Suttee Steel common touching the lew
rlffure of the day. There were material losses
in Republic Ste^l and Pressed Steel Car. The
break in Tenr.eFtee Coal was not explained.
Fame of the hieh-grade railway shares parti
cirat<»d In the decline, which was followed by
a rally, in the course of which rrlce* recnv
ered to a level approaching yesterday's clcse.
Steel conaacn \piade a net decline of of a
point and the rrc furred wes unchanged. Th^
market clos*J PUaUy. It developed after the
rlo«>e of the exchange that much of the Bell-
Ing of Temu:rj=ee Coal came from a Philadei
rhia houfc arid was j^aid to be on -adverse re
port*.
Lor.Son'« F%les oa belance were estimated to
I* 2tJ.O«iO ehares. Foreign exchange advanced
¦...•;/ tj *4.Vi25. due Largely to bills to meet
th* tiinety-<Jay loan?. A feature of the day
was the »-ale of ICO shares of United States
.-!._: !.i.:: ¦¦; 1 :-.^ at <1 per chare.
The Sub-Treayury made another shipment of
$100,000 to New Orlear.s, In addition to which
further direct ehlpments to the West ard
Suutli«et-t'wqT reportcnl. The banks thus far
have lost about $3,«Ht.000. tm against a gain
of *1 4<i'.lX)U ia tht ume period iest week.
Tte horA market showed eome slight Irregu-
Irrfty m sympathy with the wide fluctuations
ia United fctate* Steel. Total sales, par value,
ifl.iiu.WW. United States 2s and old 4a ad
vanred *i per cent on U>e laet call.
NEW TORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks— Pa^s- High. Low Close.
A'chiscn fc7,!*0 «J>4 65 C5li
tt-fcison pfd «« »0 l i K»H 00
Baitirnore & Ohio.. 12.0U0 feC.74 79% SO
%ZL2£%£&::. m m *a% ;|
Cen cf New Jer»ey. .-.¦¦ ¦¦¦¦ ¦¦¦¦ l^g
< H**ape«ke & Ohio. 1.500 32H 32 Jl
SSW&SSiT g « || 0
CM Or«t V.'crtern. JCV 1^'i l^'/g Lj? 4
&%?f-3Z: '¦''¦'¦ ¦'¦'•'¦ V^M.
C. C. C & St L -- ••-• -•;; i"
Cclcrado Southern. 100 12S i-la «»
Coio South l*t pM ••-• •••' X 1 .,.
«>io South 2d pfd.. 200 21 % 20?, j^t,
I».UMW*Hndwa 1U0 161 1C1 VA
DrL L»tk A We*t. ..... ••¦• -¦¦ -^
Dror«r A Rio O.. 1J» 2{H »% 23 ' a
n^n & mo « pfd ,joo .A g^ I
(Jreat North pfd * 1 J!i!
K C Southern..... J«0 21% 21 H 2T|,
ssgss&zh mS si« sa sa
MV^:: 3SS- \li « $&
1^;^ m^. i:*» i 2 iu m %£
Norfolk & Wcrtern. 1.100 C2U «* "M
r: -r * Wert pfd ¦-•• •;•- S|
'.ntarlo *.W«stem. R^> 22 -21% g
ivnnrylvnnla I2,2no 124H 1S-T 123H
p. r c 4 £t L i<«> «i!4 «JJ? V?,-
T:<+Mng 3.3O0 51 49'i 43S
V-AMr.K J*t pM ••• i5 !i
EX^Sb&ai M Sv «*,
ST. JOSEPH. Mo.. Sept. 17.— CATTLE—
Receipts. 3500; dull; natives. flQi 50; cows
and heifers, $1 75®5 15; stockers and feeders,
?2 5CSj3 90.
HOGS — Receipts, OC49; steady; light, ?5 S59
6 05; medium and heavy, ?5 50£fG.
SHEEP— Receipts, 15C2; strong to 10c higher;
Idaho lambs, $5; wethers. $3 75; ewes, $3 30.
ST. JOSEPH.
SHEEP — Receipts. 25,000. Sheep and lambs,
strong to 10c higher. Good to choice wethers,
f3 i5©4; fair to choice mixed, $2 23^3 75:
Western sheep. $2 7o>83 75; native lambs, $3 50
@6 10; Western lambs, $3 50f5 45.
CHICAGO. Sept. 17. — CATTLE — Receipts.
11.000. Including 2000 Teians anti 1000 West
ern. ' Market dull and lower. Good to prime
eteers jr.Ti'i: poor to medium, $l#5 20; stock
ers and feeders 52 50@4 15; cows. $1 5O@4 50;
heifers. *284; canners. $1 5OS2 GO; bull*. *2S>
4. CO; calves," $3 5O@7 10; Texas fed steers, ?3
©4 40; Western steers. $3 25®4 50.
HOGS — Receipts to-day 24,000; to-morrow^
15,000. Market 10615c lower. Mixed and
butchers $5 60??C 20; good to choice heavy,
?5 80«ril 10; rough heavy. $5 50@5 75; light,
$5 7OH 6 25; bulk of sales. $5 C5"g6.
CHICAGO.
Eastern Livestock Market.
VEGETABLES — Green Corn, $lr51 00 per
?ack; crates from Alameda, ?1 25&1 75; from
Berkeley. 75c@?l 23; Green Pfas 2 1 S3c per lb-
String Beans. 2'4«?3c per lb; ' Wax, ;
Lima Btans, 3@3Hc per lb; Tomatoes, 40©75c
P^r box; Summer Squash. 25{z40c per box:
Cabbage, COc per ctl; Carrots, 75c per sack;
Cucumbers, 25'</«Jc per box; Pickle Cucumbers.
3g3>.4c for No. 1 and l&'Zlfec per lb for others:
Garlic. 2@3c per lb; Green Peppers, 3O@40c
per box or sack; Green Okra, 3O"5(4Oc per box*
Egg Plant, oZQZOc per box; Marrowfat Squash
flO'-jl" per ton.
I»6TATOES — Burbanks from the river 60c@
$1 per ctl, with tome fancy higher; Salinas
Burbanka, $l«Jl 40 per ctl; Ri\p r Reds SO©
90c per ctl; Sweet Potatoes. Jobbing at ' $1 40
©1 50 per ctl
ONIONS — 50<565c per ctl.
Receipts of river Potatoes were light yes
terday, but the boat that arrived late- on the
preceding day brought large supplies and the
market was amply stocked. The demand for
local u?e was steady, but there was no In
quiry for shipping and prices were unchanged.
Salinas Burbanks were in limited supply and
firm. The market was overstocked with Sweet
Potatoes and there was a sharp drop in prices.
Three cars came irt from Merced and receipts
from the river w^e liberal. Onions were
plentiful and unchanged.
Vegetables continued plentiful and prices of
most descriptions bad but little variation.
String Beans were in small supply and cleaned
up quickly at previous prices, while Limas
found quick sale at higher rates. Tomatot-s
arrived freely, but choice offerings ruled
steady at the previously quoted rates. Green
Peppers were plentiful again and prices were
shaded. Choice Green Corn.' continued to
bring good prices while common and Inferior
offerings were dull. Other Vegetables stc*>d
about as previously quoted, with the demand
fair
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Hogs are quoted weaker again, arrivals be
ing more liberal, though there Is no positive
decline in prices.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are a* follows:
BEEF — €®7c for Steers and GftSc per lb
for Cows. *
VEAL— Large, 6>AgSVie: small, 0@10c per
pound.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7>49 < '^c. with fine
stock occasionally 0o; Ewes 7QSc per pound.
LAMB — f>®llk: per round.
PORK— Dressed Hogs. 8Vi<?J>Uc per pound.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered in San Francisco, less 50
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers, 8g0c; Cows «md Heifers,
7@Se; thin Cows, 405c pvr pound.
CALVES — ISiT.Vic per pound (grosj weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 3%@4c; Ewes, 3®3%c per
pound (gross weight).
LAMBS— f2 75@3 per head.
HOGS— Live Hogs, 150 to 250 lb«, 6c; under
150 lbs, 5HS5T8C; Sowg. 20 per cent off; Boars.
50 per cent off. and Stags, 40 per cent off from
above quotations.
Meat Market.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Sept. Oct. Dec.
Opening 6 4% G5 6 f>%
Closing 65 6 5% 6 G&
Wheat— ' Sent. Jan.-Apl.
Opening 21 20 21 35
Closing 21 20 21 35
Flour 1 —
Opening 30 55 2S 55
Closing 30 55 28 55
Foreign Futures.
EASTERX MARKETS.
Quotations for Beans have become unsettled
of late and some kinds are quoted higher aid
others lower. As a general thing, however,
the market rules steady to firm. The demand
is fair
BEANS — Bayos $2 70@2 00; Pea $3 25; But
ters. S3; small White. ?3^3 15; large White.
$2 60©2 «5; Pink. $2 75-32 S5; Red, $2 0C@3;
Lima. $3 40<g.°, 50; Red Kidneys, nominal;
Blackeye. if 2 o(S£i2 75 per ctl; Horse Beans,
H 40© 1 50.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax. $1 70®l SO; Canary,
fn&5 l -ic for Ea3tern; Alfalfa, nominal; Rape,
1%6-Hc; Timothy. 6@6iAc; Hemp 3%@3Vic
per lb; Millet. 3<63VAc; Broom Corn Seed $20®
23 per ton.
DRIED PEAS— Green, $1 SO® 2 per Ctl.
Beans and Seeds.
Everything- remains about the same. Wool
i 1§ Vx aftected by the- local strike. Hops Hrm
and Hides easy.' Several of the wool houses
settled with their employes yesterday, how
ev ff'^ nd f^unied sortlne and grading.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l^c under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers. !)%c; medium, 8%c; light. 8c: Cow
Hides. 8c for heavy and 8e for light: Stags.
0c: Salted Kip, 8%c; Salted Veal. 9Hc;
•Salted Calf. 10c: dry Hides. 15@15%c: dry Kip.
13c; dry Calf. 17c; Sheepskins, shearlings. 250
"ye «?ach; short wool, 40<g50c each: medium. 70
©00c; long wool. $1@1 50 each: Horse Hides,
salt. $2 75 for large and $2#2 50 for medium,
*1 2o@l 75 for small and 50c for Colts; Horse
Hides, dry. $1 75 for large and $1 50 for me
dium. $lgl 25 for small and 50c for Colts.
Buck Skins— Dry Mexican. 32ijc; dry salted
Mexican, 26c; dry Central American, 32*4c.
Goat Skins— Prime Angoras 75c; large and
smooth. 50c; medium. 35c; small,- 20c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4}A04%c per lb:
No. 2, 4@4tic; grease. 2t£@3c.
WOOL — Fall clip — San Joaquln Lambs'. 9<9
12c; Foothill. 10S12c; Middle County, ll/S13c.
Quotations for spring clip are as follows:
Humboldt and Mendoclno, lS@20c; Nevada 13
<E?15c: Valley Oregon, fine. 18Sl9c; do. medium
17@lSc:-do. crarse. lCtffl7c per lb.
HOPS— 22©2Cc per lb, with most rrowers
asking still hisher prices.
SAN FRANCISCO. Sept. 17-5 p. m.
<12frh Meridian — Paclflc Time.)
THE COAST RECORD.
~~1? S s. . 2 »
s ?5 n it ** 1
£tatiox5. a I £ |g i-f |a I
: I I : i ?
*»-^ "2 40 NW Clear .00
K t"? T 1^ m Zs w Clear .00
rr^no i'.-J^ 7 r : 2 N :^: Clear •«>
Klarstaff ....30.04 72 2« BW Clear loO ;
I^de.^ndepce 23.W «O 54 K Clear .CO
if m -. Aa S f ; ler .SO-00 Sti o« W Clear .00
>orth Head J30.U 04 M NW Fo B cy .w
P hocnl * ».!»6 98 58 K Gear .00
I^catello .....3<J.12 70 40 \V Clear .«>0
PorUaud S0.o« 54 NW Clear .00
t-^fV.Pi'* 8 -r 2 *-** "* 4S >•* «'*r .OO
Ked E!u?T 2».94 »2 M SE Clear .00
Itoseburg 3U.O4 h2 AH N Clear .00
>acrarctnto ...2S.r.4 80 5«i NE Clear .00
Salt Lake 30.06 72 44 NW Clear .00
g. Francisco ..30.02 80 57 W " aear .00
B. L. Obispo ..3O.f2 K2 4a S Clear .0u
i»an Diejo ...~».!^ 74 00 NW Clear .CO
£¦£"*- 3 " 12 To * 2 w <-*«*»«¦ o"
Ppokane *J.«« 74 4»J S Clear ,<D
Tatocsh 30.14 .Vi 4S S^V Foggy .OO
Wtiu Walla .30.CS 7* 4S S Oear .00
"lnnerrucca ..3O.f-ti 7s 34 NW Clear .00
Yuma f9.S(> 9s «3 e Ocar .W
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The prefsrur* Kas fallen gradually over tlw
¦entire ¦«fst*rn half of the country. Foggy. '•
cooler «,*ather i.« reixirted along the coait ;
north of Pcim Reyes. No rain has fallen west 1
of the Rorky Mountain*. A high northwest
wind is reported at the mouth of the Columbia
Hiver. In the interior of CaUfornia the weather
has t*<n warm and favorable fnr fruit drjirur i
sr.< raifin making. Coolen weather may U.
• rj<-cted Friday and F.*turday.
r^recsLSt rsatde at Fan Francisco for thirty j
r.-'jre. ending midniffht, September 18: -
N'.ithern Cahfcrnia— Fair Friday, cooler in
¦•• int'Tifr: iicht northerly winds; brisk west- !
«.i!y ivir.ds on the ona>t. with fog.
SouOmto California— Fair Friday. esoept
c. v'.-- In th« momln? ; fresh westerlv wjnd.
Nri-fcda— Fzir Friday.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Friday,
••¦'-ler. vrlth ff«T in the morr.inK and at night;
V:Ek wecterly winds. A. G. McADIE,
District Forecaster. ¦
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
The Bran market continues to weaken and
another decline is announced. Middlings are
unchanged. Hay remains as before. It is
in the hands of local dealers, who do not let
prices go dotvn. -^
BRAN — ¥22$i23 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— J2C odSliS per ton
SHORTS — $22f/2:; per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $24@25 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $2ftg26 50; job
bing. $27$?27 50; Cocoanut Cake, $21@22.
Corn Meal, $3'J@33 50; Cracked Corn $33 50®
34 GO; Mixed Feed. $22 5O*g23 50; Horse Beans
$2S(??30 per ton.
HAY — Wheat. $11@14 50* with sales of extra
choice at $15; Wheat and Oat. $11©13 60; Oat.
$10tfl3; Wild Oat. ?9 50@U 50; Barley $9@11-
Clover. fH 50@ll; Stock, ?S@9; Alfalfa ?D 50®
10 50 per ton
STRAW — 35@C5c per bale
Hay and Feedstuffs.'
Rock Island Co pfd'. 500 64 63^ «3V 4
stLi.sr...:.; 54
SiL it SF 1st pfd.. . .... . ,C3
StL & SF 2d pfd.. 300 49 48%** 48%
St Louis £ W 14 ¦
St Louis S W pfd.. 300 35U 35V* 34%
Ft Paul 19.000 I4l : ; 1.T3-H W»fi
Ft Paul pfd 1««<> 173 173 1T2H
Southern Paciflc... 5.2')0 44>>8 . - 43V^
Southern Rcjl way.. 5,000 21'*. 20% ' 21 Vi
Southern Ry pfd...- 200 MH : 84% 84%
Texas & Paclflc 1,300 .20 2»J 26
T. St L& W 300 19% 19 IS
T. Ft L & W pM 2«J
fnirn Paciflc 5.00O 73*6 72^4 72»;
fnlon Pacific pfd £6
Wahash 800 2«Mi 20 20
Wabast pfd 1.400 Xi\i 32>i MiJ
Wheel & L E 300 . 17 17 Ksij
Wihccnsin Central.. 300 17!4 17% 17H
Wisconsin Cen jifd. 100 39 V 4 SSJi 3S^
Express Companies —
Adams 223
American .... .... 180
I'nintert States 10O
Wells-Harro 200
¦ MiFoetlaneous — —
Arraltram Copper... 3C.500 46 44% 44^
Am Car i- F 1,100 ?,0% 30 SOifc
Am Car & F pfd... 100 P2 KJ S2'
Am Linee^l Oil .. 500 10?4 10% 10
Am Unseed Oil pfd 25
Am Locomotive 17^i
Am Locomotivs pfd 700 SS14 SS^i S5ij
Am Smeltlrg & R.. 900 44' 43' 43
1 Am Prr.elt & R pfd. 350 00% 90H 90*i
Am Sujrar Ref 2,7<X> 113tj 112^ 113'
Anacor.da Min Co 72
Brooklyn Rap Tran 4.8fX> S.S14 . 3674 37^1
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 2(X> 43 >- 43 Vi 43
Columbus & H Coal '. .... 14Vi
Consolidated Gas . 171 '
General Electric ... 600 158 157% 157
Inter Paper \*y.
Inter Paper prd 100 64! 8 64% 64
Inter Pump :u%
Inter Pump pfd 70
1 National Uipcuit .. 100^ .T9 39 3831
N-Etlor-al Lead 100 14*i 14»4 14'
I Nonh American 75
1 Pacitlc Mail 300 21 Vi 21 'O*!
• People's Gas 300 9.-{- 4 92^1 93
Presse.1 Steel Car. 1,500 39' 3C J « XIV*
Pn>E»d Steel C pfd 7s
Pullman Pal Car 215
Republic Pteel 1.&-Q ' 10«,i OK ft*;
1 Republic Steel pfd. 1.400 MX? (U 64
I ""bbir S rfd! 20 ° 16H 1CH 12*
Tenn Coal & Iron. 10..-500 37 >i 33ti V ;^
I S Leather 2^J50 7>| 7 7
I S Rubber j?4 ,
|TJ S Rubber pfd "" 4( ,
I T S PteeJ pfd 19.70O «a% 6S14 «nti
Western Union .... COO S3 83 S3
Total fairs....... 4C9.300* shares.
UNITKD RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
hffiJ^? Sept - 17.— Bond transactions
a" STtC?'' °* ° f f "' an Francl(!CO: 16.000
NKTT rORK BONDS,
r S ref 2s, re S .10» jMex Central 4i... 72
£Dq coupon JOfiij ! Do 1st inc . . r.'- 15^
V*> **• re » 103 jMlnn & St L 4s.. 9f5*
Do coupon .....108 jMc.Kans & T 4s. 97%
Do new 4s. r*».ir{.->i;! no 2ds 77??
Do coupon .:..AZ3KiS Y C ren 3%s'.. fl5T6
Do old 4s. reg..l«ti,x J c gen 5a!!. ..128
Do rou^cn .....JlOJ^Nor Vac 4s 101
Do 5». ret ....101HI Do 3s ......... 70%
Do coupon ....;10iy.jNor & W con 4s. 97
At £ h «n 4s 100 iR^adinir pen 4* ... 94 K
t> Do J .. a( U^ 4s iHi i StL & I M con Ss.llUi
Bal &¦ Ohio, 4s... 102 St L4SF 4s.. 02
Do 34s -.-<?.;.. 93 1st L>m!s SW lsts. m% :
Do rouv -855.,. . »<j I .d o 2ds 70
(Can So MiT .*.'.:. 10.1% jS A & A Pass Vs. 77
Central ofc?Ga 6s.lO» \Bo Pac 4% Kt$u
Do 1st lfcc;: 75 iSo Railway Ssliill.iVi
Ches & OhlaA\i*A0lY tl Tex & Pac lets.. 115
Chi & Alton (tgc: 731; Tol. St L & W 4s. 71 U
C, B & Q new #s. n2»i Union Pac 4s .... fW
C.M ¦& StP Ren4s.mt Do ronv 4s. W4K
C & KW eon 7s..l3O"i Wabarti lsts 114^
C. R I & Pac 4s. 83H .Do 2ds 105U
C.C.Ci-Pt L en 4s. $C.% Do deb B ' raS
rhl Terra 4s -73^ Wert Shor» 4s .. 100
Colo & So 4?.... KIX, W & L. Erie 4s.. RS
Den &¦ Rio G 4*.. 09 \V!» Cent 4s ... 80
Cr'e prior lien 4s. M^ Con Tob 4s ... r,*sit,
Do ren 4«" S3 Colo Fuel & I .. 7!)
F W & n c lBts.102 i Pennsylvania B.-,s;
Hocking Val 4' ; f.Hu U S Steel 75V
Manhattan 4* ...102 iRock Island 4s... 73'2
L & N unified 4*. »S»4'
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 10 Little Chief 0«
Alice 17 Ontario {W5
nreece ISOphir 1 70 i
Bruns Con (Hi Phoenix 08'
Com Tunnel 07 Pot 05 i 20 I
Con Cal & Va — 1 40 Savage 24 I
Horn Silver 1 00 Sierra Nev fiO
Iron Silver 1 Xi Small Hopes 2<)
Leadville Con ... 02 Standard 3 00
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — 'Do prefd 69
Call loans 4 65 Weetinirh Com 78
Time loans 54«it) Mining —
Bonds — I Adventure 5
Atchlson 4s 08 lAllouez 4%
Mex Cent 4s 71 ',i' Amalgamated ... 44%
Railroads — !Daly West S9«4
Atchison e5«i:BIngfcam 23%
Do prtfd (<a\i, Calumet & Hecla.450
Boston & Alhany.250 .Centennial I7lt
Boston & Maine. .KX Copper Ranjr« ...157
Boston L 13tJ j Dominion Coal .. 7OV4
N Y N H * H..194 [Franklin S^
Union Pacific 72%|Isle Royale • 7
Mex Central 10%iOld Dominion ... H%
Miscellaneous — lOsceola 57
Amer Sutcar 112% 'Parrot 19
Do prefd USSlQulncy S8
Amer Tel & T. ..l.'IO'j i Santa Fe Copper. 1H
Dominion I & S.. 11 (Trinity 6V4
G«-n Electric 2:i2 j United States . . . 11>
Mass Elec 19 |Utah 25U I
Do prefd 78 i Victoria 3%<
United Fruit 101<4'jWinona 7^1
U S Steel 19»<,IWolverIne 64^4
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Consols raoney.SS 15-16 IN T Cent 123%
Do acct 89 |Nor & West ..... 64
Anaconda ....... 4 j Do prefd 91
Atcblfon 67% [Ontario & W*st.. 'J2%
Do rxefd 024 j Pennsylvania .... 03%
Balto & Ohio...'. *2*; Rand Mines 0*1
Canadian Paciflc. 125ii|ReadinK 25%
Ches & Ohio 33 . Do 1st prefd... 30»i
Chicago G W... 16=^ Do 2d prefd .. 34U-
Chl M & St P.. 144H Southern Ry 22^
DeBe«^s 20M,! Do prefd ...... g7>4
Df-rver & R G. ... 2414 ; Soutbern Pac ... 44%
Do prefd SO Union Paciflc ... 75%
Erie 29 Do prefd 8SU
Do 1st prefd.. 67% U S Steel 20
Do 2d prefd . . 51 % I Do prefd 70%
Illinois Central ..13G jWabash 21 ,i§
Ix>u!s & Nash ...lofis; Do prefd 33>A
M K & T t 19"il
Bar Filver. steady. 2i! ; ii1 r>*r ounce. Money,
3{?3 J ,i per cent. The rate of discount In the
open market for 'short bills Is 3%@3 15-16 per
cent and for three months' bills 3 15-10Q4 per
cent. __ ; .__
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW TORK, St-vl. 17— FLOUR— Receipts,
24.700; exports, 11.400; dull.
WHEAT— Receipts, 23.OO0; epot, easy; No. 2
red. .-."¦' ; ,c elevator and 67c f. o. b. afloat; No.
1 Northern Duluth. Wt%c f. o. n. afloat; No. 1
hard Manitoba. ".'.VJr f. o. b. afloat. Options
euetaJflfd a revere break this morning under
liquidation, poor cables, a decline In Minne
apolis and small clearances. Later It rallied
and dost-d barely steady at '/4c net decline.
May cloned &0Hc. September ' cloned 87%c and
December closed 87 %c.
HOPS — Steady.
HIDES— Steady.
PKTROLEUM— Steady.
WOOL— Quiet.
COFFEE — Spot, rteady. The market for
futures doped «teady. net unchanged to 6^10
tjoints higher. Sales. 11.000 bags. Including:
October. 4.25«|4.3Oc; November. 4.35c: January,
4.70c- March, 4.S5c; May. 5c; July. 5.10c.
SUGAR— Raw. firm; refined, steady.
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market is
nuiet and quotations nominal. New fruit is
arriving In moderate quantity and runs Irregu
lar km to quality. Common are quoted at 463c.
at 5%e5%C choice at.0«««c and fancy
Are'flnsly held, but demand not
: Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
Sept. (new) SOi, ' 80Vg 70*i 8(H4
December 82»* 82^ 81 >i 81?i
May 83% 83% 83V4 83%
Corn No. 2 —
September 51% E2Vi 51^ 52V4
December 51% C2 51 »* 51%
May 52 &2& 51% 51%
Oats No. 2— '
Sepu=mber C7«4 33 37% 3S "
December 88% 39 38H 39
May 40'a 40U 40% 40
Mess Pork, r>er bbl —
September 13 50 13 50 13 50 13 50
October 13 Go 13 05 13 CO 13 «L'Vi
May 13 70 13 70 13 50 13 55
Lard, per 100 lbs—
September 9 32'i 9 35 0 30 9 30
October 8 30 « 32V4 8 15 S 27^
January 7 37^4 7 37Vi 7 27»£ 7 32>i
Short Ribe. per 100 lbs —
September 890
October 0 0O 9 02^4 9 00 9 O2"J
January 7 10 7 12>-, 6 97»j 7 00
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, firm;
; No. 2 red wheat. 80*g82c; No. 2 corn, a\%c;
No. 2 yellow. KWc; No. 2 oat*, 37c; No. 2
white. S8%e; No. 3 white. 3S@39V&c; No. 2 rye.
5<jU,g57t.ic: good feeding barley. 4S<9")lc; fair
to choice malting. 53ff5J>Hc: No. 1 Haxseed.
$1 C0«4; No. 1 Northwestern. $1 O5V4; prime
timothy seed. $3 20; mess pork, per bbl. |13 50
fil3 55: lard, per 100 lbs. $9 27ij@3 30; short
ribs sides (loose), $S OngS 70; dry salted shoul
ders (boxed), 6=i©C%c; short clear sides
fboxed). SH6S*ic; clover, contract grade, $9 75
glO.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 14.000 8 700
Wheat, bushels 8tt,S0O 149.700
Corn, bushels 405,100 451,100
Oats, bushels 161.900 1C1.400
Rye. bushels 9,600 700
Barley, bushels 54.900 27.800
On the Produce Exchange to-day th« Butter
market was steady; creamery, 15@20c; dairy.
l.'iSKHc; cheese, steady to firm, 10%©H%c;
eggs, firm, lS$?18%c. *.i ;
FLOUR— California Family Extras $4 600
4 85. usual terms; Bakers* Extras, $4 50@4 fiO;
Oregon and Washington. $3 00@4 20 per bbl
for family an.l $3 90@4 40 for Bakers.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in packages are as
follows: Graham Flour. $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye
Flour, ?3 25; Rye Meal. $3; Rice Flour $7;
Corn Meal $3 25; extra cream do $4;' Oat
Groats, $4 50; Hominy. $i@4 25; Buckwheat
Flour, $4 C0@4 75; Cracked Wheat. $3 75; Fa
rina $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour $3 50; Rolled
Oats, bbls, $7 25g8 CO; in sacks, $(J 750S 10;
Pearl Barley, $$• Split Peas, boxes $7* Green
Peas. |5 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7%c per lb for
compound and 10JA@103ic tor pura: half bar
rels,, pure. 11@11 Vic; 10-lb tins. U%@lHSc:
5-lb tins. 1194c; 3-lb tins. U%c. . - -
COTTOLENE — One half barrel. 9*ic: three
fcalf barreis,OV4e; one tierce, 9*sc; two tierces,
9»4c; five tierces, 9}$c per lb.
Chicago was lower again, but without fea
ture.- This market was quiet and unchanged.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 12&C jter lb for
heavy, I3c for light medium. 15c for light.
A5>ic for extra light, 17%c ?or sugar-cured and
lSVtc for extra sugar-cured: Eastern sugar
cured Hams. 15%c; California Hams. l."*4e;
Mess Beef, ?11 50(512 per bbl; extra Mess, $12
<H12 50: Family, ?13 50; prime Mess- Pork. $19;
extra clear. $25; Mess, $20; -Dry Salted Popk,
12U C ; pi B pork, *28; Tigs' Feet. , 55 25:
Smoked Beef, 15c per lb.
Provisions.
W eat her: Report.
HC & S 5^s - - 1SE GAR 5s. — 1C4U
H C & S 5s. — — ISF & SJV 5s — 120Vi
Hon R T 6s. — — fs R of C 6s. — —
L. A Elec 5s. — 105 S P of A 6a
L A Ry Ss.USH — (19OU) — —
L. A L, Co 6a. — — < H>1'» 10914 —
Do gtd 6». — — S P Of C 6a
Do gtd 5s. — — (1005) Sr A. — —
LAP lem 5s. — — (1905) Sr B. — —
Mkt-st C 6s. — — (1006) — —
Do lem 5*. — 115X4! (1012) — —
N'RR of CtSs.lO6*;iO7U SPC 1 eg 5s. — —
N'RC of C 5s — 119H Do stmpd.108 —
N P C R 5s. — — S P B R «s. — —
N C R 5«... — — S V Wat 6s. — —
N C P C 5s. — — Do 4s 2dm. — ICO
N S R 5s... — 10O D o 4s 2dm. »S 100
O G L H 5s. — — [Stkn G&E 6s — —
O T Co 6s... — — |u O & E 5s. — —
WATER STOCKS.
I Contra Costa — — iPort Costa.. — —
Marln Co ... — — ISprJn* Val.. S3\i S3
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. — 5 Sac E G & R — —
Eqult Ga« . — — S F G & E.' C8 — vf
Mutual EL. 13& 13% S F Gai ... — —
Pac G,Imp.. 54 65 Stock G & E — — -
Pac Lfghting 55 Vz — >U G & K — —
» ' "• TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES.
S F G &. E. 67% C8
i. - INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd. — — •$
BANK STOCKS.
Am Natl Bk. — — L P &. A .. — —
Anglo-Cal . . — — Mer Trust . . — " —
Bank of Cal.520 — Merch Ex .. — —
Cal Safe Dp. — — s F NationI — —
First Nationl — —
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & U — — 5av & L Soc 05 —
Hum S & L. — — Sec Sav Bk. — —
Mutual Sav. — Union T Co. — —
S F Sav U. — 700 /
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..195 210 . 1 Presidio .'... S3 41
• POWDER, r*.'
Giant........ GT&-65 /Vigorit .... 4H 5
SUGAR.
Hana P Co 10c — Kilauea S C 4 7
Hawaiian C. 45 40 Makaweli C. 2OU 21
Hoaokaa S C 13^4 — Onomea 3 C. SOVa 31
Hutch SPC 13fe — Paouhau S C 16Vi 1C>,
- MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack.l55%15Cii Oceanic S C 6% 7
Cal Fruit As. 93^ 95 Pao A F A. — —
Cal Wine As. 06^ 97}* Pac C Borx — —
Moraine Session.
Beard — \
40 Makaweli ......\ 21 00
$5000 Market-st R R con 5s bonds.... 115 25
125 Paauhau S P Co 16 00
?20CO Pacific Electric Ry 5s 110 25
35 S F Gas & Electric Co 68 00 .
I2C0O S'P'of Arizona (1010) 100 25
10 Spring Valley Water 82 25.
Afternoon Session.
Board — ¦ «• . »• 9 s :
20 Alaska Packers' Association 15C 50
10 Alaska Packers' Association 1M 37'i
. 10 Alaska Packers' Aesn, s »0 150 00
65 Giant Powder Con '.,'.:'. 6* 50
10 Hawaiian Com & Sugar 45 25.
20 Hutchlnaoa S P Co. ;.... 13 5O
' Hi .Makaweli 20 50
345 Paauhau S P Co 1« 25
35 S F Gas & Electric. Co. 68 50
Street —
5 Giant Powder Con.... PA 50
25 S F Gas & Electric Co 63 00.
California Stock and Oil Exchange
Oil Stocks — Bid. Asked.
Caribou Oil Co 1 00 1 10
Four Oil 67 70
Hanford Oil 130 00 132 00
Home Oil S5 90
Imperial Oil 19 (W
Independence Oil 17 18
Junction Oil 20 21
-Kern Oil 5 (X>
Lion Oil 03 04
Monte Crtsto OH 75 80
Monarch Oil 54 56
Oil City Petroleum - SO
Peerless Oil 13 50
Reed Crude Oil 41
San Joaquin Oil 5 SO
Sterling Oil •: 2 75
Thirty-three Oil 7 25 7 75
Twenty-eight Oil 4 00 .....
Union Oil 6S CO
United Petroleum 100 UO
West Shore Oil... 2 90 3 25
Miscellaneous — .
Abby Land &. Impt 1 20 1 45
Alameda Susar 29 0O
American Biscuit SS 00 05 00
American District Tel
Bay Counties Power
Cal Central Gas & Electric,
Cal Cotton Mills SS 00
California Jockey Club 105 00
California Powder
Cal Shipping Co 25 0O
Cal Title Ins & Trust 130 00 14%0O
Central Bank 06 Oakland 60 00
Chutes Company 325
City & County Bank
Cypress Lawn Impt Co 0 50
Eastern Dynamite .....
Ewa Sugar Plantation
EquitnbU- (Pool) Gas ...;.
Gas Consumers' Assn 22 0O -
Honolulu Sugar IS 00
London & S F Bank (Ltd)
Mercantile Trust
Northern Cai Power 9 50
Nevada National Bank .....
North Shore Railroad 9 00
Grpheitm Company 15 25
Pacific States Tel & Tel 122 50
Parafnne Paint S3 00
Postal Device & Impt
San Francisco Drydock. 47 00
Sausalito Land & Ferry 16 00 . ~:
Sperry Flour Co 27 50 30 00
Standard Electric 13 00
Truckee Electric 13 25 16 00
Union Sugar 22 25
United Gas & Electric 34 50
Western Fish Co ,.
OFFICIAL SALES.
Morning Session.
Board—
100 Sovereign Oil 3S
600 Monarch 55
400 Lion Oil 04
100 Home Oil 87»i
625 Pittsburg 30
Afternoon Session. : -»<.
Board —
1 Hanford Oil. s 90 131 00
10 Hanford Oil 130 00
1 Hanrord Oil 133 00
Street —
200 Home Oil. s SO 85
; Under a law passed by the recent Leg
islature, whicn goes Into effect to-morrow,
the candidates who hereafter desire to bo
authorized to practice aa veterinary sur
geons must be. graduates of a 'duly au
thorized veterinary college. The State
board will confine its duties to issuing
authority to candidates by examining the
diplomas presewted from recognized col
leges. * v ,"5»5
The examination yesterday wa3 con
ducted by the following members of the
State board: I>r. D. F. Fox of Sacra
mento, president; E>r. E. J. Creely of Saa
Franci3co. secretary; Drs. TV. J. Oliver
and TV*. E. D. Morrison of Los Angeles
and Dr. J. J. Streets of Ventura.
The examination . held yesterday was
written and was confined to the subjects
of "Theory and Practice of .Veterinary
Medicine, Veterinary ! Surgery,- Anatomy
and Materia Medlea." The examination
papers of the candidates will be marked
to-day by the State board and the results
will be. announced to-day. The State board
will close Its meeting here with a ban
quet.
The semi-annual examination of candi
dates by the State Veterinary Medical
Board was commenced yesterday at the
rooms of the Civil Sesvice Bureau in the
City Hall, twenty-five candidates present-
Ing themselves to take part- in. the exam
ination!
Under New Law Candidates Must Ba
Graduates of Duly Authorized
Colleges.
EXAMINATION HELD FOB
VETERINARY STJBGEON3
NEW FRUIT — Apricots, 7&9c .for Royals
and 0'iillc lor. lloorparks; Evaporated Apples.
5^rtjc; Peaches, 5$4@7c; Pears, 5@3c; Ntc
tarines, 4®4W,e for white; Figs, white. i'£Q
4%c In boxes; Plums, pitted, 5@7c per ll>. ,
PRUNES— 1903 crop. 2%g3c for the four
sizes; 1902 crop, 2%&2-)ic for the four sizes,
with '.ifilc premium for the large sizes.
RAISINS — 1003 prices are as follows; Two
crown, ttgfllic: ihree-crown. 6Vi@3%c: four
crown. 6ai@7c-
NUTS— Walnuts, No. 1 softshell, 12^^130;
No. 2.10H©n^c;. No. 1 hardshell r 41^fil2c.
No. 2, lO^lO'.sc; tew Almonds, lie tor Nonpa
reils, 10>Ac for I X L, lOJic for Ne Plus Ul
tras and.S?ic for Lan?ueloc; Peanuts, ,Va7c
for Eastern;. Pecar.s. ll@13c; Cocoanuts, $1 5U
©5.
HOXET — Comb. new. 12%®13%o for white
and f'Qllc for amber; new water white <>x
tracted. 5%@tiHc; light amber extracted, '3c;
dark, 3\b@l\t,2.
BEESAV AX— 27629c per lb.
Dried Fruits,Nuts, Raisins, Honey
I Vail street stocks easy on the day.
Local stocks and bonds still quiet.
Silver sacral fractions higher. Exchange unchanged.
-'.insccd Oil, Red and White Lead marked up.
H heat quiet and steady. Barley rather lower again.
Oats and Com unchanged. Increasing demand for Rye.
Brail lower 1\ Middlings unchanged. Ha\ as before.
Beans unsettled, but generally firm.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs as previously quoted.
provisions declined again at Chicago.
Uool, Hides and Hops quoted as before.'
Hogs weak and coining in more freely. , . * ¦¦;¦:'.•*¦
Plenty of Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables .on the market.-
Poultry and. Game firm smd~ unchanged. ¦
Fresh Fruit in moderate receipt and light demand^'
active. Quotations range from 7?i@S^c for all
grade?.
APRICOTS— Are firm; choice at 0U@O^e,
extra choice at 9%610)&0 and fancy at 104
fil2c.
PEACHES— Are quiet at 7',i@S ! Jic for cholca
and 7=iQ8^»c for extra choice.
SUMMARY -OF THE MARKETS.
PEACHES — Small boxes. 50c@$l: carriers,
TTwS'JOc; large open boxes, C5@S5c; per ton, $2O@
30 for Clingstones and 523 for Salways.
POMEGRANATES— 30ig7Ec for small, boxes
and $2 50 for large.
GRAPES — Seedless, 75@90c per box; Isabel
la, 76©S5c per crate: other varieties. 3. r >350c
for small boxes; 5o@75e for crates and 75cQ$l
for large open boxes; Wine Grapes.- $20®£4 per
ton for Zlnfandel.
MELONS — Cantaloupes. $1 25©2 50 per
crate; Nutmeg Melons, 75c®fl 25 per box; Wa
termelons. 2u@3Cc each. • .'.>•¦
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges, $2 50<@3 for fan
cy Valendas. $1 75@2 25 for choice and *1 253
1 50 for standard; Seedlings, $101 25; Lemurs,
(1@3 per box: Grape Fruit. $1 75©2 25; -Hex
lean Limes, $8@9; Bananas, nominal; Pineap
ples, $2 5t'@3 per dozen.
QUINCES— tO^eOc per box. „
FIGS— 40cg$l per box. according to size of
box. . v
PRUNES — 50SC3c per crate and 40®50c per
box. . <I
CHICAGO. S«pt. 17.— Better weather condi
tions and the growing belief that neither quan
tities nor qualities of the wheat yield has
suffered appreciable loss, with lower cables
and weakness in corn, caused a weak opening
in wheat. December showing a loss of %(§; 1 .4c
at Sl&@$2»4c. On top of these Influences
came another bad break in September wheat
at Minneapolis and there was a rush of sell
ing orders that forced December back to 81%o
before the decline was checked and some re
covery scored by influential buying brought
about by a roport of a big export business In
flour and increased demand. The close was
steady, with December off- %c at S1£081K&
. Crop damage reports from the country were
few and the corn market opened under heavy
selling pressure. There was a ehow of
strength in the closing hour on the -prospect
that frost- danger is still imminent. Decem
ber closed steady at 52%c. a loss cf ?4@%c.
Oats were lower early but the late tone was
strong and the cash demand was good. De
cember closed higher at 3ST£@33c.
PacklTHMiouse demand turned a v.eak pro
vision market.'to firm, and some early loss in
prices was recovered. October pork closed 15c
lower,- lard down 10c. and ribs 2>Ac lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Chicago Grain Market.
RYE! — The market is showing increasing
strength and it is reported that buyers are
trying to secure large lines. Quotable at $1 20
61 27 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— f2 25<g2 50 per ctl.
White Australian. $1 55S1 CO; Northern ' Club,
%\ 45#1 .")0; Northern Blue Stem. §1 53@1 aTVa;
< Oregon Valley, $1 !>2Vi.
• FUTURES. - ;.' :
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ..$1 45% $1 45% %\ 45 $1 45%
May 1 45% 1 45%. s l 45% 1 45)J
2 ,p. mi Session.
Open. High. Low. ¦ Close.
December ..(I 45% ?1 45% $1 45% $1 45%
BARLEY — The Montara brought up from the
Southern coast 41.7C3 ctls, but the major part
of It was en route to Port Costa, so did not
| figure on the market. The feeling was weak,
however with both cash grain ¦ and futures
slightly lower.
CASH BARLEY.
Feed, $1 12>4@1 15; Shipping and Brewing.
Jl 2(rT}l 25; Chevalier, $1 20<31 50 lor fair to
choice.
FUTURES.
Session 0 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ..$1 14 $1 14^ fi 1394 ?1 14%
2 p. m. Session.
December — $1 14U.
I jOATS — Th3 Montara brought up 15, 1ST ctls
flam the lower coast. The market showed no
| change, some dealers quoting it active and
; others dull.
White, H 2<*Ca 32»i; Black, $1 40<i?l 00:
I Red. $1 20@l 22» for common and $1 25@1 35
' for choice; Gray. $1 27U per ctl.
CORN — Reports from Chicago yesterday
• stated that the area affected by froet' was
J about 3SO. 000, OCQ acres, half of - which is se
i cure against injury, while the damage in the
1 other half Is only partial. "The dispatch paid
; that a 2,0CC,0CO.OCO buEhel crop Is assured.
Westerr.. eaeked. $1 42'/i@l 45 for Yellow,
f%l 42H for White and $1 40 for mixed; CaiJ
' fornla large Yellow, $1 50<(fl 55; small round
j do. $1 70-51 7. r >: White, $1 55 per ctl.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, JfldDAY, SEPTEMBER 1^ 19O3.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
11
AeCTiON SALES
Auction Sale
4l> heatl l!rCOKfc~>; and L/.N"BItOKE-> MAKLi
and OELlJlNUS. Suitable icr'atl purpuaes.
Also span stylish fcay carriage gelding, 16.2;
one sinsle-footlns saddle marc.
Consigned frcm Siskiyou and La^sen countlw.
Sale Takes Place
Monday, September 21, 1903
At 11 a. m. at
SALESTAKD. 1TU2 MARKET &T.
FRED H. CHASE & fO.,
Livestock Auctioneer*.
. H3rs»s now at yard.
Hare yon nren the
Cataf"
Kenny," aren't theyf
Well, they are not bait
as hunlln; aa
the
"MeoiT.i of a Kitty."
By Kate Thy»on Marr
v in
'/. Next Sunday Call.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
. ~ -j
j^Xf JPv^ Steamers leave San F"ran-
/£\P^^8«\ Cisco as follows:
/£%_' A«\ For Ketchikan. Wrange!.
toynESBg&t \«l\ Juneau. Hair.es. Skagway.
I I \¥l*Ska • ' ?"-?¦¦ Alaska— 11 a. m.. Sept.
\ \ \ iS£i5ja < I 1". --. - M - Oct. 3. Change
\sj»\ \\ ~ Vo/ to company's ateamers ac
V>*O> _^£J/ Seattle.
X^AisvASf^ For Victoria. Vancouver.
* "**^ Port Townsend. Seattl*, T»-
coraa." Everett. Whatccm — 11 a. m.. Seot. is.
23. 2S, Oct. 3. Change at Seattle to this com-
pany's ntcamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry.; a'.
Seattle for Tacotca to N. P. Ry. ; at Vancou ¦
ver to C. F. Ry.
Fo- Eureka (Huxnboldt Eay) — Pomona. 1:30
p. m., Sept. 19. 23. Oct. 1; Corona. 1:30 p. m..
Sept. 16. 22. 2S. Oct. 4.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angela and
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara-
Santa Rosa. Sundays. S a. m.
State of California. Thursday*. 9 a. m. "
for Lc» Angfles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey. San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford (dan
Luis Oblspo). Ventura and Hutntnw. . ¦» .
Coos Bay. 0 a. m.. Pept. 14. 22. 30. Oct. S.
Bonita. 0 a. ro.. Sept. IS. 26. Oct. 4.
For Ensenada. Magrfalena Bay. San Joss del
Cabo. Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz, Santa Ro-
salia. Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th of eaca
month.
For further Information obtain .folder.
Right Is reserved to change steamers or sail-
: lag date!".
TICKET O7T2CES — f New Montgom.
cry street (Palace Hotel). 10 Market street and
Broadway wharf.
Freight offlce. 10 Market street.
C. D. DUNANN. General Passenger AgenC
10 Market street. San Francisco.
O. /?. <£ /V. CO.
•"Columbia" rails Sept. 10. 20. 30. Oct. 10, 29.
80. "Georsre W. Elder" sails S<*pt- 13. 2\
Oct. 3. 13. 23. Only steamship line to PORT-
LAND. OR., and short rail line from Portland
to all oolnt* East. Through tickets to nli
points, all rail or steamship and rail at LOW.
EST RATES. Steamer tickets lnc!ud» bertli
and meal*. Steamer sails foot of Spear «. a;
II a. m. S. F. BOOTH. Gen. A*t. Pass. Dept..
1 Montgomery St.: C. CLIFFORD. O«a. Agt.
Frt- Dept.. 3 Montgomery »t-
I IMPORTANT! §
a g
• Change of Sailing Date. *
I S.S. ST. PAUL, •
S For Nome and St. Michael |
• WILL SAIL ON
I THURSDAY, September 24:
• 2 P. M. •
• Instead of 20th lnst., as previously a
_ advertised. X
• •
• NORTHERN COMMERCIAL CO.. O
0 645 Market St.. San Fr.mcisco. ©
oeottaeoeoece«*d»»»9ooo
TOYO RISEN KA1SHA.
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.)
Steamers will leav« wharf, corner First and
Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.. for YOKOHAMA
and HONGKONG, calling at Kobe (Hioco>.
Ne^asakl and Shanghai, and connectins ' at
Hongkong with steamers for India, etc. No
cargo received on board on dar of sal'.U?.
S. S HONGKONG MARU (calling at Ma-
nila) Saturday September 19 1303
S. S. NIPPON MARU .....'..-
Thursday. October 13 1003
S S AMERICA MARU '..
Tuesday. Novemb«r 10. 190n
Via Kccolulu. Round trip tickets at redocwl
rates. For freight «nd passage, apply at Com-
pany's offlce. 421 Market street, corner First.
W. H AVERT. General Afant.
OCCaD!CS.S.CO.i«W£.
S S MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Sept. 20. 11 a. m.
S S. 'ALAMEPA, for Honolulu. Sept.2U, 11 a.m.
S S VENTURA, for Honolulu, Samca. Aack.
"land and Sydney, Thursday. Oct. 8. 2 p. m.
4J.JPK2XHS4 WS.C3..l^i..raW3!to,B43 Sirwa
rriSbtlffia.123 earbtSUPivb. 7.faa& !L
KOSMOS LINE.
SPLENDID S. S. LUXOR 8300 T0JT3
Carrying First and Second Class Pa*s«ng*rs.
galls Sept. -¦*. 1 '-•"", icr London and Haraours.
via Mexican. «.*• rural and South American porti.
Lowest Fares, ' Unequaled Serrlc*.
J. D SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agents.
C43 Market St.. San Francisco.
C0XPAG5I3 6E5SSALS THASSlTLASTiqtja
IjIKECT UNE TO HAVRE-PARI3. Jtjm*-.
EaiUcg every Thursday. Instead o£ 4^ i GC t} <\
Saturday, at la a. m.. from Pier 42. - ; 5«3aC'«'
Ncr;h River, foot of Morton st.
First-class to Havre. $70 and upward. 9«o>
end-class to Havre. $13 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AXD
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson Building).
New York. J. F. FUGAZI A CO.. Padflo Cd**t
A cents. S Montgomery «venu». San FraBctsox
Tickrts »oM by a!I Railroad Ticket Agents.
Max* -ilajstl cad Vailajo ¦ -tsaraer*. -
Steamer GEN". FRISBIE or MUNTICKLLO—
B:4S a. m.. 3:15 and S:-:0 p. m.. except Sunday.
Sunday. »-45 a. m.. H::tO p. m. Leave Vailejo.
7 a. m.. 12:3O noon. 6 p. m.. ex. Sunday, dun-
day. 7 a. m.. 4:13 p. m. Fare, SO centm. Tti
Main IMS. PUr 2. Mlsilon-»t. dock. HATCK
BROS.THE SAN FBAKCISCO CALIi, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 18, 1903.
12
EAX FRA!*CISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of lie San Francisco j
Call, rcrner Market end Third streets; open
unta 12 o'clock evei-y nictit In the year.
I5KANCH OFFICES— r>27 Montgomery street. .
corner Clay; oi>en until 0:'M p. m
i"0 Hayes Ftreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
«J McAllister street; open until l>:30 p. m.
<".15 Larkin ftreei; open until «:S0 p. m.
IM1 Mission Ftreet; or>en until 10 p. m.
I^itU Marke't street, corner Sixteenth: open .
until 3 p. m.
I<!0 Eleventh ftreet; open until 0 p. m. j
]i!W Valencia street; cit-n until 9 p. m.
Northrast comer Church and Duncan streets; ;
open until 9 p. ni.
Xi.rthw«=t corner of Twenty-second and Ken- .
«utky etreets; <.j>en until 9 p. m. ¦ :
¦ Ki'lmore ftreet; open until « p. m. ,
mi;i; 1 1><; NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Commandery No. 1, K. ?- -
T.— Insular fteaembty THIS EVEN- TSjT
ING at 7:30 o'clock. Order of Trin- jfcj
j'le. All fraterF courteously Invited.
THOMAS H. BROWNE. Commander.
T. L. HENDERSON, Recorder. :\
PACIFIC I*><li:e No. 13&, F. and A. M., » «
Masonic Temple, meets THIS EVICX-VV |
ING 7 o'clock. Third lietree. /V\ <
GEORGE PEXUKQTON. Sec. '
aFoU-O Ix>df;e No. 12.". I. O. O. oj »a3r l '««- •
Second l>isr*>f THIS < KRI- i
¦ Al ¦ EVENING. H.Vil. ~-yk&£*p :
t» oVluck sharp. Visitors oor- ,
dially invited. It. B. DOWNIE, N. G. <
w. r. yoRcnosa. itecscc i
FAN FRANCISCO Tent No. y^T^V j
IS K O T. M — Review /^v^^»iJ3\
THIS (FRIDAY) EVEN- fj£ri <\ VSS
ING 8 t 8 o'clock. Pioneer vnn Sv! MLyl
Hall 24 Fourth *t. lug? /f.\\w21l
' D. B. RICHARDS. wbwSSKSy
Record Keeper. >jS5*Sy
REGULAR meeting of the Caledonian v C? Si,
<"lub THIS EVENING at § o'clock,-?, K&UJ
S-ottish Hail. 117 Larkln «. "t>td»ir
A. M. MACPHERSON. Chief.
JAb. H. DUNCAN. Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission having re- I
ceived applications to mine by hydraulio
procees from C. A. Poasre, in Phelps Hill
raine, near Washington. Nevada County.
Cal.. draining into Jefferson Creek, which
reaches South Yuba River; from Plumas
Mines Company, in Plumas mines, near
Qoincy, Plumas County. Cal., draining into
Squirrel Creek, which reaches North Fork of •
IVaiher River; from Excelsior Hydraulic ¦
Mining Company, in Excelsior mine, near
Lowell Hill Nevada County. Cal., draining
Sr.to North Fork Steep Hollow Creek, which
reaches Feather River, gives notice that
meeting will be held at room 90. Flood build- ;
ir.g. San Francisco. Cal., September 2$, l»03,
at 1 :30 p. m.
CHEAPEST and beM in America — The Weekly
Call 1C paees, sent to any address in th» ¦
United States or Canada one year for H. I
nogtngp raid.
ATTOKM2YS-AT-LAW.
aDVICE~FREe! ESTABLISHED 22 YEARS.
Divorces a specialty. Private. Quick. i
NO PAT UNLESS SUCCXSSFUL.
G. VT HOWE. ATTORNEY AT LAW.
11^2 Market st., offices 1. 2. 3. 4 and 6.
BEWARE OF FRAUDS.
Any one can adverV.se. but unless the alver- :
tiyemert eaye "Attorney at Law" the party
advertising Is cot a lawyer: don't t>e fooled.
ADVICE FREE
COLUMBIAN LAW AGENCY
P.m. M 016 Market; tel. Red 618; bad ten-
ants tjected speedily and reasonably; collec-
tion* attended to; attachments; corporations
crpantzed; civil and criminal practice.
nOBT. W. KING. atty-at-la«. Examiner bid., j
rm. Cll; all cas-es. damages^ estates, wills,
attachments, collections, etc. ; consultation
free; no advance charges: call or write;
eveaisc* r*y appointment. Tel. Red 3C01.
ADVICE free — I will ad\-ance cost In meritori-
ous cases, divorces, prebate and all ether law
ir.g. J. M. TBURSTON. 819 Market st.. r. 31.
DIVORCE — Costs $12; quick, quiet; open eve-n-
;r.gs. 327 Market et., room 301.
L S. CLAKK, Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket et.; cotiFuHatlcm free; no fees in advance.
ATTKKN & AITKEN attorneys, rs. 300-10-11.
C'.ucie bldg.. 503 California st.; tel. Main 727.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful; all
law bijylnesE. W. W. Davidson. 927 Market.
ADVICE free; a!l cases; open eventngs. M.
L. RYAN. S50 Market St.. cor. Stockton.
MIUDS, DOGS. ETC.
VOU2CQ ta!kir.g parrots.JS each;G«rnian Blnging
canaries, $2; we will try to please you; every.
•hT.g :n nur line at right prices. 1546 Market.
BDSZXBSS CHAACES.
TO LEASE.
Oa Mason ft., ajcinlr.g the "Poodle Dog."
a fine modern roomlnc-house of 105 rooms,
under con«-truction. but almost finished; 50
M!igle rooms and 55 baths; great location;
reasonable rer.t; a sure money winner if run
'•:i the right plan. Speck & Co., 6C7 Market.
FOR sale — Furniture, carpets and good will
< ( a now brick apartment-house of 175
rootsm. in the city's pwelleFt locality; partly
fnmiabed and aithouch just opened la over
half filled with regular tenants already: long
Ifasc; if you want an apartment-house don't
fail to set particulars of this at rooms
1404-05, Call building.
NEW HOTEL FOR SALE.
Brand-Sew brick hotel, 100 rooms, magnifi-
cently furnished, with the best grade of fur-
r.'.ture ejr.<l carpets: located in the heart of
the high-grade residence hotel section, en a
«-.:rner and equipped with every modern hotel •
convenience, such as electric lights, electric
elevator, Fteam heat, phones j n every room,
bUUard-room, grillroom, etc.; long lease.
Ai i'!y rooms 14U4-O5. Call building.
WILL sell cheap; a cood restaurant; fine loca-
tion; or lease; low rent; no reasonable offer
reused: muf-t go East; 'no agents. liox 1757,
< all cfiH-e.
FoR BALE — Good paying crc-amery, butter and
Cggs df-pot. Uox S24. Call offlce. Oakland.
WANTED — Energetic man with several thou-
sand dollars to take charge of moving picture
• ircuit; $.'}<J0 to $500 easily made monthly.
IVrtlcutai Novelty Theater. Oakland.
FOB Kale— The HOTEL NEVADA, a first-
c'asti hotel at Reno, New; fine location; sur-
rounded by treef. iarge lawn and doing good
business; sellins account of poor health.
WILL furnish machine that will take out every
(•article of free gold, for placer proposition.
Hox 32S4. Call office.
W3O0 — BAKERY In Monterey; good rusinesi; 2
lv<ri=es. '— lagonf. a'.l appliances for bakery-
J. Apply M. B. SMITH. Monterey. Cal.
20-YEAR PFtablished butcher business for sale;
party desirous of telling owing to other busi-
r*ss en hand. Apply 432 Third Et.
CIGAR end notion Ftore; 3 living rooms; a bar-
!Kain. 150 First st.
TOR «al» — UyeinK and cleaning works; will
teach party. 1421 Point Lnbos ave.
FOR SALE— An inside route on this paper.
Per particulars apply at offlce.
i.oij'.i"u;-iioi m:s for sale.
3<n> ROOMS; house for men; rent $1*O $4000
r« rooms; *outh of Market; rent $100.. £000
24 rooms; corner; part cash: bal. easy. S50
31 rccms; pood Income; rent $20 350
21 rooms; water fiont; rent $40; lease.. 630
120 rooms; good !ra«e; low rent 6500
67 rms. ; apartments : Western Add. ;rent 250
Money lo?n**d at 1 per cent.
Hotel*, roadhouso*. flats 5 to 100 rooms.
' EITEL &. CARROLL. 212 Kearny mt.
LODGING-HOUEE: sunny comer; lcr.g lease;
rtnt very low; 70 rooms; well furnished.
Kox 120-7, Call.
$1000; INV ESTIGATE to-day; rr.UFt cell: 21
rooms; rents S5<t; clear? f£>5. 10C3 Howard St.
EIGH" 1 * larjre rooms on Grant ave. For all
particulars inquire at 316 Sutter st.. saloon.
CAHPCT HEATING AXD CLEAXIXG.
AIH. compressed, dry. ice coM, is r.ow univer-
i.all3- used in sanitarily cleaning carpets, on
floor, without removal or Injury: prices mod-
erne. Apply S. F. COMPRESSED AIR
CLEANING CO.. Call bid.; phone Main 52T57.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
s^nd for EPAULDINGS Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 355-357 Tchama st.; tel. South 40.
"WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1803 Har-
rison tt., Al cloanine. ac; tel. Mlnslon 225.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating Co.. J. McQueen,
proprietor. 223 Guerrero Et. ; tel. Mission 49.
THY HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet-beating;
mattresses made over. 1432 Howard .South 216
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 403 Futter st- •
tel. Main 334. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet -beat Ing norks; prices
resFcnable. 1703 Harrison st. ; tel.Misslon 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beatir.g Works.
333 Goli'.pn Gate ¦v*.: telephone East 12G.
CHIROPODISTS.
IJUNLAP FOOT INSTITUTE. wTo'-firy— All
ailments of the feft cured; corns, bunlons,etc
COLLKCTIOX OFFICES.
BANG HART & WETER.
Collector*.
No. 1170 Market et. Room 37.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
<liy or" country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10; tel. 55S0.
HELP WANTED — MALE— Con;
AT CALIFORNIA EMPLOYMENT AGENCY. .
59 3d st., near Call bldg.; phone Bush 403.
NEVADA — FREE FAKE — NEVADA.
200 laborers. Southern Pacific's own work,
new Job, $2 a day, $18 board.
We ship every day — Free fare.
40 eectlon hands; all parts of California.
EUREKA. HUMBOLDT COUNTY.
Fare advanced per steamer Pomona.
1 band sawyer, $10O a month and found.
8 lumber pliers, $33 a month and board. "
S laborers, f'.i5 a month and board.
We advance the fare.
2 edooI tenders. Southern California, J35 a
month and board.
WOODSMEN.' :
2 timber fillers, $imi a month and board.
2 second f ailers. $55 a month and board.
- bucKers, ?So a month and board.
4 barkers, $50 a month and board.
2 lookouts, $40 a month and board. :
2 waterbucks, $40 a month and board.
OREGON— FARE ADVANCED.
7 coal miner*. O-ft. vein, $1 a ton.
CAL. EMP. AGENCY. 50 Third st.
WHY pay big prices to have your ehoes half-
soled when you can get it done for 25c, 50c
and COc while you wait at C63 Mission St.. !
bet. First and Second sts.. or 11 Third st.
WANTED — Experienced art goods saleswoman. -
one who understands stamping. Apply be- .
tween 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and .
Australia. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart et. i
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar- .
ket— 700 rooms. 35c night: reading rooms; ;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions ;
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1006 \ a-
lencla st. ;
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET your shoes half solod while waiting: 25c
to 50c. 503 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sta.
HORSES AXD WAGOX3. ,
HARNESS and saddles, the hest for the money,
at JEPSEN BROS. CO.. inc.. the big store. •
1145-1147 Market St., San Francisco. ¦
FOR sale — Handsome trap; cheap. Box 1050,
Call office^
Largest assortmt 2-hand wagons, buckb'd. sur-
rey,harnes3.work.drlvlng horses. 15th-ValencIa
8 GOOD horses for sale cheap. 327 Sixth st.
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping wiJgon and
gocart for sale cheap. 532 Mission st.
MOUSES TO LET.
A^P^USTED^sToThouses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
A— HOUSES and flats to let; an immense list;
• service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department; it will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-259 Geary
St., on the square.
BROADWAY, 1516, near Van Ness— 8-roomed
sunny house; stable; large yard.
VAN NESS ave., 21CC. near Pacific ave. — Mod-
ern house; 10 rooms; rent $70^
BEFORE moving get our printed list of houses «
to let. BALDWIN & HOWELL, 25 Post st.
HOUSES TO LET — FCKXISHED.
NICELY furnished sunny corner house of 12
rooms to rent on Van Ness ave. Apply CEN-
TER & SPADER. 11 Montgomery St.
OAK. 41^ — Elegantly furnished house; 10 rooms
and 2 baths; large garden; grand view.
LOST AXD FOUND. ' j
$10 REWARD — Lost Sept. 17, on or near the
Tiburon ferry boat, a lady'u pearl breastpin.
Finder will please return to C. H. EVANS.
183 Fremont st :
ZjOST — September 1. bulldog; color brlndle.
white chest and feet; ears and tail cut; collar
and license; answers to name Major or Kid;
$10 reward. 1310 Baker St.. near Geary.
LOST — Wednesday night, heavy gold antique
bracelet. Liberal reward return 12S7 O'Farreli.
LOST — A St. Bernard dog about 2 years old.
Return to 843 Thirtieth st.. Oakland; reward.
LOST — Sept. 14, Irish setter pup; white breast
and tip of tail. 3355 Mission st. ; reward.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the California.
Watch Case Co., 220 Sutter St.. needs eld
gold and silver to make new watch cases.
MEDICAL.
MRS. DR. WYETH, specialist for all female
complaints; instant relief guaranteed; 30
years' experience; removed to 826 Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and irregularities; instant re-
lief guaranteed. IOCSVj Market St.. opp. 5th.
DR. G. W. ODONNELL— All who are sick or
In trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints; positively corrected; the unfor-
tunate helped: the most difficult cases treat-
ed; advice free. Offlce. 1018 Market st.
Drs. Goodwin, 733 Turk, nr. Van Ness — Expert
in obstetrics, female complaints: inst. relief;
treatment $10; hours. 10 to 5; 25 yrs. exper.
MRS. D~. ALLEJcTlUS Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
DR. and MRP. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 112U Market st.
DR. ROSEN moved to 2995 Folsom St., corner ;
2*ith; relief $10; ladtea' exclusive offlce.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 310 Powell St.. opposite
Union square; all diseases cured by herbs.
M1LLINE11Y.
LADIES, you are Invited to visit my millinery
opening to-day and to-morrow; imported and
New York hats. MME. DOSCH, 207 Post st.
MRS. KL'MI'LE will be pleased to meet old and
new friends at her millinery parlors.221 Geary.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair it. with elaterlte; in rolls easy to lay:
needs no painting or coating: good over old
iron, tin or shingles; best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO., 71.1 Market st.
2D-HD. machinery, boilers, engines, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc.. etc., bought, sold,
rented ami exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE M'CH'Y CO., 130-132 Beale St.
A SNAP — 5-room house partly furnished: fresh
Jersey cow; new Home sewing machine; par-
ties leaving city. 140 Lobos st.. Ocean View.
TRY cur men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d st.. Exam, bid.: catalog, free;
open evgs. until 10 o'clock, except Sundays.
A — Fine suits. $7 50; dress pants. $2 50. Origi-
nal Misnt Clothing Parlors. £iS Kearny st.,
near Bush; open to 9 p. m. Sunday to noon.
A— $:< 50 DERBY and fedora hats. $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters, Sofl Kearny st.. near
Pine: open till 0 p. m. • Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WH1TELAW, 25o-235 Spear st.
FOR SALE — A lot of very fine moving pic-
tures; same as new. Novelty Theater, Oak-
land, Cal.
NEWSPAPER route for sale: fine chance for
the right man. Address N. A. LARSEN.
1715 Pacific ave.. Alameda. ;¦> ;.;
BOILKRS. engines', 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TO^H & WOLPMAN. 105-197 Fremont st.
SAKE — Price $50. Bella Union Phonograph
Parlors. S05 Kearny »t.
A FINE 4»B-carat perfect white diamond at a
bargain. ' 10 Sixth st.
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFECO^jm-42|!Sacramento st.
A JULES JURGENSEN 6-mlnute repeating
watch ; very reasonable. 10 Sixth st.
PAIR :i-karat diamond earrings at a bargain.
10 Sixth at.
! MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
* bargains. Bullard & Breck. 131 Post st.
i _ _ ,
- MILES of pipe and fittings; all sizes. EU-
OENE RILEY & SONS. 1C9 Vallejo St.
I MOVING picture film and song slides. 109
; Montgomery st.
i SAFES — New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
& CO., 122 Market st.
[ All bargains :camp Btools and chairs :hammock3.
f metal beds.mattres?e3.J.F.IIotter,712 Mission.
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, moving
; picture machines, films. Baclgalupl, 033 Mkt.
[ GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches.
all sizes. J. E. DOAK, 4« Fremont at.
. ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters: all
makes. ALEXANDER & CO.. HO Mont'gy.
t MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
[ BOOKS and libraries bought. H. C. HOLMES
1140 Market st.; phone Jessie 3741. or postal.
; TILTON wants good second-hand clcthing and
. theatrical goods. 154 Dth st.: tel. Jessie 2S51.
I A BIG price paid for sealskins; send postal,
j 25 Stockton st. ; phone Bush ls».
SPIRITUALISM. ' •
SCHOOL of parlor entertainment, mystery and
occult learning; parlor entertainment every
evening, 8 o'clock »harp. except Punday; 25c.
Room 126. Murphy bldg.. 1236 Market st.
ARRIVED— PROF. FRED P. EVANS the fa-
mous psychic; etamp for circular. 1112 Eddy
ft., near Octavia.
A— ETHEL. CRINDLE, materializing seances
Friday and Sunday eves., 50c. 1115 Post st. .
Attend MRS. HARLAND'S circles; evenings; t
to-night. H>c: prophetic read., 50c. $1. 148 Bth
MRS. ELIZABETH HOLMES, trance medium.
517 McAllister; readings dally ;clrcle to-night.
KATIE HEUPSMANN; circle to-night, 2.V;
sittings daily. 1000 Harrison St.. cor. Sixth.
EDWARD EARLE. 1052 EIHe. readings dally.
fl:30 to 4: seances Sunday and Thursday.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
ATTENTION— ?1 f 1 $1 ' H H
My regular $3 readings this week for
$1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1
PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE.
The first registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist ever in San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge if I fall to tell your name, oc-
cupation and what you called for; I promise to
tell you whether husband, wife or sweetheart
is true or false; I tell you whom and when
you will marry; in fact. I will tell you every
hope, fear or ambition better than you can
tell yourself; I improve your character so that ; ,
you will reach the highest possible develop-
ment in mental vigor, health, happiness and
capacity to earn wealth, so you will live hap-
py and contented the rest of your life. Hrs — 10
a. m. to 8 p. m. ; Sunday. 2 to 8. 320 O'Farrell.
MME. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and butlnets medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third St., next Examiner
bldg.; she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur In the future; if you are In trouble, dis-
contented or not satisfied in life, or have do-
mestic, love or business troubles, consult this
great medium and you will be told how to
overcome them; valuable advice in all affairs
of life; 25c up; satisfaction guaranteed; read-
ings by mall. Tel. Black 4560.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
Bt., cor. Turk; private readings daily, 10 a.
m. to 5 p. m. ; readings by mail as satisfac-
tory as in person: 3 questions answered, $1;
full life, $5; send lock of hair, date and year
of birth; don't send currency. Send postofflce,
Wells-Fargo money order or registered letter.
A MME. PORTER, scientific clairvoyant and
card reader, born with a double veil and sec-
ond sight: tells the past, present and future;
ladles. 50c; gents, $1; by cards, palmistry
and clairvoyant sitting; $1 50. 12C Turk gt.
Mr?. A. H. Kronenberg, palmist, clairvoyant,
card reader, will giVe a good reading. 10c, for
a short time only; when others fail try me to
convince yourself. 402 Franklin, near Grove.
MISS ZEMDAR, young gifted clair. and palm.;
has second sight; a wonderful prophetess;
names; L. 50c; G. $1. 714 Franklln.nr.G.G.av.
A — Mme. Ravenna reads life, business advice;
names given; 25c up. 5 4th st., near Market.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader In city.
26'a Kearr.y. room 20; ladies 25c. gents 50c.
i MISS WARD, high psychic medium and palm-
ist; hours 8 a. m. to 0 p. m. 413 Mason st.
MRS. SHAFER. clairvoyant, card reader; sit-
tings daily. 44S?i Jessie Ft., bet. 5th and Cth.
M CANVASSERS.
SEVERAL good newspaper subscription can-
vassers: must be good men. Apply at once.
THE OAKLAND HERALD, Thirty-eighth st.
and San Pablo ave.. Oakland.
I DEXTISTS.
DR.IuDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr.Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per set; extracting. 50c; gas given.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone— cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.: crown. $3 50; fillings. 50c;
plates $j; full set ;all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 2'»5 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Set teeth $1 50 up; crowns $2 up; fillings 25c.
GOLD fillings 75c; sliver .1.V-; crowns. $2; no
pain; open Sunday. Dr.O.B.Hewitt,204 Sutter.
10 PER CENT off this month: estimates free.
New York Dentists. 0C9 Mission St.. cor. 6th.
A "V^CEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
lepages. in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
DHESSM.4KKKS AM) SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School
— Any pattern cut to measure. 1019 Market.
ACCORDION, sunburst & knife plaiting. Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor.
dykim; a.mj cleaning.
SEA breezes sweeten all garments, blankets,
lace curtains, etc., done by the Presidio
Heights Dye Works. 3'J15 Sacramento; phone
for wagon. West 453. H. HICKMAN. pres.
EDUCATIONAL.
A — CALDWELL College of Oratory, Acting,
Opera and Authorship; largest in the Wesl;
14 teachers; positions guaranteed: fall term
begins Sept. 7; day and evening clacs; beauti-
ful new catalogue free. 1295 Market, cor. Oth.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post, S.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy, English branches;
day and night sessions; illus. catalogue free.
SAN FRANCISCO Uu!-ine?s College. 1230 Mar-
ket: modern, progressive, practical; estab-
lished 15 years; Gregg shorthand, fastest,
easiest, mrst readable. Actual business
bookkeeping; typewriter at home free.
AYRES, the leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket ?t. ; special eurnnier course in all depart-
ments; handsome catalogue free; life scholar-
ship, $50: day and evening sessions.
CALIFORNIA Business College, 305 Larkln st.
"A thorough school" : positions secured for
graduates; modern methods; individual in-
struction. Write for illustrated catalogue.
HIN'MAX'S Academy; a thorough echool of
dancing; established 20 years. 1412 Polk St.,
between Pine and California; both adult and
children's classes are now open for the S2ason.
THE Lj-ceum. an accredited preparatory school
for the university, law and medical colleges;
ref.. President Jordan or any Stanford pro-
fespor; day, evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
HEALD'S School of Mines & Electriclty.24 Post
st., S. F. ; a practical school of engineering;
• complete equipment. ¦ Special catalogue free.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec, min., mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide: day, eve.; est. 1804. Van
der Naiilen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
SYSTEM, discipline and results; the Golden
Gatt? Commercial College, Van Ness and Gold-
en Gate aves.. S. F. ; fills every requirement.
DANCING Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday and
Sunday evenings at Teutonia Hall, Howard
Ft., near Ninth; management Prof. Foster.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTON'S, 424 Pine Bt...Nicht class.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.: %ay or eve.; $5 mo.' 1024 Mission, nr.Cth.
Chicago Business College, 14.'J5 Market, nr. lOlh.
I'ittman shorthand, typing, bookpg., $8 mo.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES!
GEORGE AOKI. 421 Post St.; tel. Bush 135—
Japanese-Chinese employment office; fur-
nlshes best help; contracts for farm help, etc.
A — ORPHi:UM Employment Offlce — Japaneso-
Chincse help. 42tj Powell. Tel. Main 5752.
A— GKAND Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office. 415
Stockton; tel. Grant 1(58; expert, reliable help.
CHINESE Employment Office — Best help at
Leon Stuns'*. 411'^ O'Farrell; tel. East 426.
, RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51S!s.
'¦ CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
. Tel. Main V.m. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
1 T^ — - «^— —^—^
LMI'UIVAJKXT WA.NTKU KKJULK.
•. •
. A FRENCH cook, understanding French and
American cooking; also a young French sec-
t end girl with best of references, want work;
they must be 6een In the offlce; wages ex-
E^. l ?2vHL an<1 * 25 - P»ea*e call at MISS
I HU'.NKbTT'S. 425 Sutter st.. near Powell.
. ELDERLY woman wishes eituation in small
family; housework and plain cooking. 60«
Howard et.
; COMPETENT laundress wishes fancy work at
i home: ntlks and catlna a specialty. 1671
: McAllister st. . « ..-¦•.:.
' AN ex-publlc school teacher desires position as
; nursery governess, lady's companion or aman-
i uensls. Address box 1277, Call offlce.
I A NEAT, refined girl wishes position as lady's
maid; wages $:{0; call mornings. 48 Prosper
sl. bet. ICth and 17th sts.
YOUNG German girl wishes situation for light
housework and plain cooking. Call 701 Bry-
ant st. ••'.:-. ' '.',.
. LADY wishes to do plain fewir.g, home. MRS
t U COOPER. 7 Bclmont Wee.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. UTt McAllister st.
CLASSIFIED adi-ertisementH and subscriptions
• received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore.
: A BRANCH office for Call advertitemenu and*
« cubscrlptlona has teen established at 1090
: . Valencia st.
MONEY TO LOAJf.
AAA "" HEKMA^01-W)2-dO3 Examiner buildlnj.
Quick settlements; no disappointment.
Save expenses by dealinsr directly.
Estates second mortgages, undivided inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property In trust,
etc. : legacies.' life estates and undivided in-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
¦See HERMAN MURPHY. /
ADVANCES on furniture and pianos without
removal- to salaried people on their not.!
without security or knowledge of employer:
lowest rates; beat terms: quickest s«rvUe ami
absolute privacy; special rates to municipal
employes and teachers. The Nation! Cndlt
Co., r. «S-t:9 Donohoe bid.. 1M> Market st.
HIGHLY resDectable private plate to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. Mi.
Market st. : tel. Main 1S44. Branch. PJ ThlM.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants teamsters, boardlns-houseg. without
security easy payments; largest business in
4« principal cities. Tolman. 55.1 Pairott M>U.
S F DISCOUNT AGENCY— Loans to salaried
* people on their nnte.
THE TOUSLKY CO..... -143 Fhelan bhlg.
MONEY to loan on low interest: goM. silver,
diamonds pearls and precious stnn««» bought
at W. J.'HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth at.
ON furniture, piano; no removal. E. W LICK.
1003 Mutual Savings Bank bldg.. <CS Market.
MONEY loaned to salaried employe-!.. G. "'•
M I LLER. room 74. fifth floor. Chronicle bldg.
3% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up: no removal:
V. TREMAIN. room 81. « Eddy St.. floor t.
ALX. loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per c«nt
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 53S Kearny.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money ta
salaried employes. R.311. Mutual Sav.Bk.bld.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
lndorser. MORRELL. SCO Examiner bldg.
A WEEK'S news for 8 cent* — Th» "Weekly Cal'..
1ft cages. In wrapper, for mailing. 81 V*r year.
MVSlCAU l :^ s ' rR _ tMEX - T - 9 v T
a^e^JoT^ie^e~b^r^a7nsT^^~^
Sherman & Hyde upright $117
Filsher *••
Singer iiJAV' ilV.
2 Steinways ....$itw ?.¦"»
2Chickering3 85 i:.:»
2 Helnea 237 3Sj
Rents. $2 up, apply on purchase; install-
ments'. $4 up.
HEINE PIANO CO.. 235-2TT Geary st.. larg-
est exclusive piano hou^ of the West.
AN upright piano shipped by high class East-
ern manufacturers will be sold at actual cost
to save return of freight. 237 Geary st-
STF.INWAY upright, left by privat* party.
$165; a great bargain. 237 Geary St.
YOU do not take any chances when buyirnr
from as. Our methods are well known to 1~>
open and above board. "Big bargains. n->t
big ads." Is our rule. All goods guarantfcl
as represented or r.o sale. Call and see larso
assortment of new and used instruments.
THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 700 Mar-
ket st.
A FEW upright bargains from $70 up. compris-
ing such makes a» Chtckering. Jaeobson.
Vose, Sterling, Knabe. Fischer. Schwechten.
WVser Schuman and others; easy payments.
BENJ. CURTAZ *: SON. 16 O'Farrell »t. ; no
branches in San Francisco.
THE greatest opportunity ever offered in San
Francisco to get a good reliable piano cheap.
Before our removal we will sacrifice any in-
strument for cash or installments. Call nr
write for prices and terms at once. KOHLKIi
& CHASE. Established 1S50. 30 aFarr'll.
BAND Instruments; F. Besson. Paris, maker.
Gus» Malwald.Agt. Pac. Coast. 278 O'Farrell;
skillful repairing; 2d-hand Instruments ¦old.
FOR sale — Good violoncello and bow; a bar-
i gain. 6254 Larkin st.. room 8.
I PIANO at a bargain: new uprisrht; easy term?;
no agents. Box 4309. Call office.
RARE chance; cash or payments: elegant hi«h
grade upright. 16 McAllister st.
Unredeemed storage pianos and furniture dirt
cheap. Whltehead's Storage. lfiT.ti Marki-t st.
BEAUTIFUL 3-pedal Stelnway uprisrht piano;
perfect order; sacrifice. Keeffa's.235 O'Farreil.
BUY direct from the factory and save 50 p^r
cent. HORNUNG. 216 McAllister st.
BEST renting piano in city for $3 per month.
SCOTT CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 660 Hayes *t.
SOHMER, Byron ifauzy pianos. Cecillan piano
player. BYRON MAl'ZY, 3U8-312 Post st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. 11.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cent* — Th» Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year
PIANOS AXD ORGANS.
PART of our list of bargains in second-han^i
pianos for September, li/OJ:
Original
Price. Now.
1 MAJESTIC—
Walnut case, medium ilie, 7 1-3
octaves, three pedals, full •winginc
music rack, latest design, good con-
dition 1330 $2=3
3 EMERSONS—
Two in walnut cases and one la
oak. small size, carved panels,
three pedals, 7 1-3 octaves, fine con-
dition, each 375 223
1 FISCHER—
Mahogany case, large size, 7 1-3
octaves, fine condition, thoroughly
renovated, cannot be told from a
new piano 373 223
1 RICHMOND —
Mahogany case, large size. latest
style, three pedals. 7 1-3 octaves,
} mandolin attachment, almost new.. 300 2t0
1 C. A. STONE & CO.—
Walnut case, medium size, full
¦winging music rack, thoroughly
renovated and equal to new 330 230
1 ESTEY—
Walnut case, medium size, 7 1-3
octaves, in good condition 40O 230
1 BRUENN—
Walnut case, cabinet grand, 7 1-3
octaves, thoroughly renovated and
equal to new * 430 2fiO
Complete list furnished on application at
our otore. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Corner Kearny and Sutter sts.
PKRSO.XALg. ~"
A— FACIAL, BLEMISHES REMOVED.
V»'rir.k>K. yellow and flabby skin, birthmarks,
¦mailpox pittines and scara scientifically re-
moved without cutting, massage, electricity cr
medicine?; special demonstrations thla week.
Call or write Dr. L. WILLIAMS. 371 Oear>.
SPECIAL — Reduced for the month only, homa
treatmmt that you can use at your otra
home, removing wrinkles, tan. freckles, leav-
ing skin ci«ar and emootn: tcy be had only ai
my oftice. Call or write M. ELLA UAKHIs.
781 OFarrell »t. v ..-
THE SUr Hair Remedy restores gray hair, im-
proves It? gTowth.stops f ailing, ciire« dandni.f
and Itching scalp; no stain or sticklne&a:
cleanses scalp; at druggists', hairdresser* ;ac.
cept no substitute. Star ilemedyCo..3S3G«ary.
NOT how cheap, but how good Is the motto of
the manufacturers of the Rapid Floiary
Btandard. the sewing-machine of to-day. J.
W. EVANS, arent. 1021 Market st.
PHYSICIAN. 15 yeara' experience, cure* per-
manently morthine, cocaine habit. Call or
address Central Pharmacy. 251 Grant ave..
corner Sutter »t. ; fee moderate^ j
DRUNKENNESS, morphine and alt <1rus dis-
eases positively cured by Willow Bark to.
1S3D Polk St.; consultation free: • a'l.or write.
REMOVAL— DR. W. C. STRATTON' has re-
moved his offlce from 2255 Mission st. to
rooms 573 and 574. Parrott bids (Emporium).
HAIRDRESSING In all branches taught: $5 for
2 weeks. Up-to-Date Kairdresaing Parlor*.
102C Market »t.. room 1. upstairs.
DANCING Tue-day. Thursday. Saturday and
Sunday evenings at Tcutonla Hall. Howard
«t.. near Ninth: management Prof. Foster.
AT less than cent, uncalled for »"»«• , ov " r ™?"
. ' and trjusers. at CHARLES LYON3'. London
Tailor. 721 Market at. ,
THE highest price paid for ]*&**' c * «""•'
cast-off clothing and all articles of value at
WEINBERG'S. 114A E1113 »t. p
ELEGANT suits on easy lns * a " nl f n r t ?; r^ C ??v?
and us per week. LEON LEMOS ll.iT
Market St.. between Seventh and Eighth.
, SUPERFLUOUS" hair and molea H»«J«**W
; elec. needle. Dr. & Mrs. Traverse, 11,0 Mrkt.
. PENSION attorney: M. HARRIS. 40 Ellis St..
San Francisco: It years' experience.
Tttf 1 hpst rilace to buy good umbr»llaa or
; is 120 Stocktcn.
al t. «tvle« halrtlressing 23c; hair goods: mant-
; curUig. 25c O. LEDERER. 123 Stockton «t.
TAILOR-MADE «ult $7 30: dress pants %Z 50.
; Mityt clothing Parlor, cor. Uu»h and Dupont.
M A "OUERACE costumes, play boohs, wlirs.
I cou^ry £rgrV GOLDSTEIN A CO.. 733 Mkt.
' ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
| halr.tolts natural color; $1; at all druggists'.
"un^riluous hair and moles removed with elec-
| trie n»»-dle. Mm. & Mls» Eaton. 111O Sutter.
CHEAPEST and best In America — The Weekly
¦ Call 18 pages, vent to any address in tho
United State* cr Canada one year for $1.
\ PALMISTRY.
: MME. DEVAS — Scientific palmist and astrolo^
1 gist. Palm readings $1. Hours 10 to 12 and
1 to 5. and Tuesday evenings. 139 Post st
". H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist 513
Taylor it., near Geary. Phono Black 561.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE — €on.
WOMEN and girls wanted to work on fruit
and canning; steady work; highest wages.
Apply California Canneries Co., Brannan
»t., between Third and Fourth.
WOMEN and flrls to work on fruit: steady
employment: day and piece work; highest
wages. CODE-PORTWOOD CANNING CO..
Bryant and Tenth.
nuzz *
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-
ETERS: NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY:
PAID SALARY. - LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'S
FACTORIES. 32% FREMONT ST. AND 1873
MISSION. NEAR FIFTEENTH.
GOOD position for an ambitious woman, as a
representative for wholesale house. Box
12H0. Call office.
GLRLS about 15 for factory work; good wages.
Apply at once. AMES * HARRIS, 100 Sacra-
mento st.
WANTED — Girl to assist with care of 2-year-
old child. Call at 3218 Jackson st.
APPRENTICES for glove trade: wages from
start. Carson Glove Co., 123 Second st.
WANTED— An errand girl. 1111 Va£ Ness
avenue.
LADY agents on salary. Call 9 to 5, of nee 3»,
Columbian building. 816 Market et.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call 'branch offlce, 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office* for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10U6
Valencia st.
HELP WANTED — MALE.
MINER and wife as cook. $100; restaurant
baker, $65; night cook and waiter, country,
$35 and found; bellbqy, $15 and found; res-
* taurant checker. $40; restaurant porter. $30;
hotel and boarding-house waiters, $30 and
$35; waiter for resort, $25; dishwasher for
institution. $30. and others. J. F. CROSETT
& CO.. ()2.S Sacramento st.
HEAD lineman for donkey. $70 and board;
milker and driver for small country dairy,
$30 to $35 and found; 2 rarmers and wives,
$40 to $55 and found; farmers, $25 and $30
month and ¥1 and $1 25 day and found; fruit
pickers, $1 15 a day and board; slackwork
coopers; choreman, $20 and found; blacksmith
helper, $2 to $3 day; woodchoppers, $1 50
to $2 75 cord; laborers for mines, mills and
woods and quarries, quarrymen and others.
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 62S Sacramento st.
ANDRE'S Offlce. 317 Stockton St. — Chef cook,
$22 a week; plain cook. $45; cook on a ranch,
$40; porter for saloon, $30; dishwasher, $30;
kitchen hand, $30; porter for dining room,
$25; Indoor servant, private place. $30 to
$35; choreman, family, city, $20, etc.
A MAN and wife for country hotel, man to
manage, woman as housekeeper; only experi-
enced people need app'y; see party here early
this morning. MISS PLUNKETT, 425 Sutter
St., near Powell.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, rm. 12.
Janitor and wife for apartment house, $50;
elevator boy, $20; bellboy, $15; 2d cook. $00.
TAILORS — Bushelman wanted. Apply, ready
for work. S. N. WOOD & CO.
BASTERS on coats wanted: steady work and
good pay for the right people. Apply S. Ni
WOOD & CO.. 27 Geary st.
WANTED — A boy of 16 or 17 to learn pants
pressing ; union shop; union wages. Apply
S. N. WOOD & CO., 27 Geary st.
WANTED — Pants finishers; union shop; union
•wages. Apply S. N. WOOD & CO., 27
Geary st.
WANTED— A boy to learn the grocery busi-
ness; should be about 16 years of age, and
live In San Francisco. Apply to MR. WHIT-
NEY, after 9 o'clock Friday, at 432 Pine st.,
Goldberg, Bowcn & Co.
WHY pay big prices to have your shoes half-
soled when you can get it done for 25c, 50c
and fiOc, while you wait at 0(»3 Mission St..
bet. 1st and 2d sts., or 11 Third st.; open
evenings until 10 o'clock, except Sundays.
WANTED — First-class experienced bookkeeper
to take position in country; must have good
local recommendations as to ability and In-
tegrity. Answer in detail, giving palary re-
qulred. box 12S8. Call office.
ADVERTISING man for putting up stickers In
town: working hours, 9 a. m. to 5 p. m.;
wages $S per week; steady work; one with
experience preferred Box 12S5, Call.
STRICTLY first-class experienced bookkeeper
and cashier; about ."0 years of age; familiar
with wholesale grain and hay business;
state age, experience and refs. Box 1287, Call.
WANTED — Young man to make himself gen-
erally useful in wholesale house. Apply M.
MARSH & CO., 121 Sansome st. .
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 per pair; foot-form shoea at $2 50. or
orthopedic shoes, $3 50; best shoes on earth.lt
Third St., Exam., bldg., 5 doors from Market;
open evg3. until 10 o'clock, except Sundays.
WANTED — First-class draoery cutter; state
experience and references. Box 1286, Call.
WANTED — A younc man to drive butcher
wagon. 1919 Flllmore st.
STEADY barber wanted for Saturday and Sun-
day at 1357 Dupont st.
GOOD barber wanted for Saturday and Sunday
at 132 Pnclflc St.
WANTED — Barber for Saturday and Sunday.
1055% Folsom st.
GOOD all round baker; $40 and found. 1817
Powell st.
GOOD tailor wanted for busheling. 827 Sutter
st., near Leavenworth.
DISHWASHER wanted. 108 Hayes st.
ELEVATOR boy wanted. 29 Stockton at.
WANTED — Young man helper In chophouse at
_]^5_ Fifth st.
CUTTER for temporary Job. Apply REISS
BROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter st.
COATMAKER for country. Apply to REISS
BROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter st.
EXPERIENCED salesman for corporation se-
curltieF. THORNE & CO.. 207 Montgomery.
BOAT builders, helpers, lumber pliers. H. t]
CARLSON. 18th and Illinois sts., Potrero.
ERRAND boy with good recommendations.
ROGERSON'S. 635 Valencia st.
"WANTED — Young man to learn copper plate
printing. Apply at once. 120 Kearny, rm. 1.
TOUNG man to learn barber trade;- paid white
, learning. 611 Commercial st.
WANTED — Salesman for retail business; one
experienced in grocery or crockery business
preferred; give reference,- experience and
wages expected. Box 1261. Call offlce.
WANTED — Strong boy box department. Mu-
tual L. and L. Co.. Second and Bryant sts. ;
Bryant-at. entrance. . '
WANTED — Experienced, competent man to re-
vise and rewrite a mining prospectus. Box
1282. Call offlce. >
"WANTED — Rough carpenters and laborers. Ap-
ply room 14, 26 Montgomery St., San Fran-
. cigco Construction Company. ' > -
TAILORS — Good general tailor wanted for the
country. STEIN. SIMON & CO.. Market and
Second 8ts. . .
FIRST-CLASS coatmaker to work inside; also
bushelman. ¦ 1103 Market st. ' '
WANTED — A wood turner. • 622 3d st.
BARBERS— 2 latent style barber chairs for
sale; cheap. 2503 Folsom " st. ./
CO ATMAKERS wanted: $24 per week; steady
work all through the year.'. Apply 27 Geary.
BOY to learn trade; good opportunity; wages.
Carson Glovo Co., 123 Second ' st. . :
BOY wanted in tin -shop to learn trade; 16
years old. 533 Mission st. '
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— - MALE. |
A MIDDLE-AGED Swede wants work in a
warehouse or lumber yard, or any kind; not
afraid of hard work. Box 1290, Call offlce.
GARDENER, German, competent to take
charge of private grounds and greenhouses,
wants position; references. Address box 1275.
Call office. ¦
YOUNG man would like position In cigar bland
in the morning only; experienced. Box 4304.
Call office.
ENGINEER (stationary; wishes situation; city
or country; can do his own repairs; reference
given. Box 4144, Call office^ .
SPANISH engineer and experienced machinist
in machinery of mines desires position. Ad-
dress Hallhard Hotel. 507 Pine st. .
A REFINED old gentleman desires a position
as companion. Box 12*8. Call offlce.
A JAPANESE, having some experience on
drawing and painting, wants a situation con-
cerning the kind. Apply to (with letters
only) K. B., Japanese Mission. 1304 Post st.
TAPANESE housework boy wants position In
- small family. Apply to A. B., Japanese
Episcopal Mission. 1304 Post Bt. ,
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH oltlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1099
Valencia st.
FINANCIAL, 'i
4 PER CENT TO 6 PER CENT HIGH GRADE
Municipal. School. Railroad and Corporation
Bonds.
Bank and Trust Company Stocks.
Selected for conservative investors.
Write for information to
HEAZELTON & CO..
. Stock and Bond Brokers,
Hayward building,
San Francisco, Cal.
A SAN FRANCISCO firm wants a representa-
tive In every town; applicant must be able to
give bank security if required. Address box
1283. Call offlce.
FLATS TO LKT.
A — HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense list:
service absolutely free: take advantage of
this department: It will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-209 Geary
cu. on the square.
FLAT— 5 rooms, etc. : Ellls-st. corner; rent $30;
furniture for sale on easy terms; 3 rooms now
occupied; brings rent; this is a bargain.
MURDOCK, Chronicle bldg., San Francisco.
GROVE. 731 — Upper flat 5 rooms, bath; light,
sunny; adults.
Upper flat 4 rooms, furnished or unfurnished;
gas range, bath; reasonable. 2311 Jackson st,
UPPER and lower flat. 3943-3947 Seventeenth
6t.. half block from Market et.
4 NEW rooms and bath; water free; $18. 336
Tehama st.
2 ELEGANT new flats. 6 and 7 -ooms; rent
$30 and $35. Church and S^vritcenth sts.
FLATS FOR SALC.
A BARGAIN— $4250: CORNER LOT. 2 FLATS:
LOT 25x114; 184 CLIPPER ST. SEH
OWNER O:C PREMISES.
FLATS FOR SALE KlIKMSHKD.
FOR sale — Cheap, furniture of 6-room flat. Call
847 Devisadcro St., corner McAllister. ,
FURNITURE WANTED.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission, phone Red 4462.
buys, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpet*.
Cal. Auction Houee pays highest prices for fur-
niture, flats, etc. 1105 Mission; tel. Mint 2481.
A L. STORRS pays highest cash prices furni-
ture, carpets, etc: tel. Larkln 3631. 634 Ellis.
HELP WANTED — FEMALES.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.S.. Phone Grant 185
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
2 chambermaids. Santa Barbara, party here
at 11 a. m., $20.
Chambermaid, north, fare paid, $20.
2 chambermaids, city, $20.
2 chambermaids, city, Swedish, $20.
Chambermaids to wait, commercial hotels, $25
Cook, short distanced hotel, $35.
2 waitresses, institution, country, $25.
Waitress, another institution, country, $25.
Dishwashers, cooks, laundresses, others, $25-
$40.
Cook and wife, Bprlngs, steady work, $70,
fare paid.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
Downstairs housegirl, $30; hoiyegirl, Ameri-
can family. $30; 2 housegirls. Swedish, $25;
second girls; houseKirl, mining town, fare
paid, $25, good place; nurseglrls. $15-$20;
others.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 429 Bush st.
WANTED— Cook. 8 adults. $35; 3 cooks. $30-
$35; cook and second girl, same house, $35-
$25; maid, sleep home, $30; 5 second girls,
J20-$25: cook, boys' home, $30; cook, country
hotel $35: 4 waitresses, city and country ho-
tels, $20-$25; housework, Ross Valley, 2 fam-
ily $30; housework, Stanford University, $25;
infant nurse, $30; 5 nurse girls, $15-$20-$25;
chambermaid, country hotel. $20; 4 chamber-
maids, assist waiting, 520-$22 50-$25, and 40
housegrlrls, city and country. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter St.
A HOTEL. GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, rm. 12.
Head waitress, country hotel, $50.
A— WANTED— Girls to learn halrdresslng,
manicuring, etc. ; .trade taught from A to Z
in 2 weeks: $5 to those entering now; 3 po-
f I lions to fill immediately; positions guaran-
teed at $10 per week up; leading school In
West. 233 Geary St.. room 13.
A— LADIES, learn all branches halrdreaslnx
trade; manicuring, massage, etc.; 1236 Mar-
ket et., cor. Jones, room 94; positions eecured
at highest wages; day and eve. class; call.
A — Girls to learn millinery now for fall season;
both seasons taught from start to finish in 1
month for $10; positions as trimmers, sales-
I ladies, etc., guaranteed at $10 per week up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton St., r. 13.
EDGE basters and finishers on coats wanted;
rood pay and steady work. S. N. WOOD &
CO. . 27 Geary lit. ¦-- '
WANTED — Pants finishers: union shop; union
wages. Apply S. N. WOOD & CO., - 27
Geary et.
WANTED— Good girl to care for 2 children In
Ran Rafael. Apply MR. FREDERICKS, 649
Market st. .
"WANTED — Young nursegirl to care for 1 child'
4 years old. Apply 14S2 Sutter St., from
9 to 11. '--. ¦ : . : -
WOMAN for housework and cooking; Scandi-
navian or German preferred; short hours
/good wages to right party. 2152 Mission st.
A FIRST-CLASS cook wanted for smal
\ American family; good wages. Address box
' 12S0. Call.
' WANTED — Girl for general housework; good
• wages. Apply 2277 'Harrison st.
WANTED — Wetnurse. Apply with baby, 1 to
| 3 p. m.. DR. LEWITT. 500 Van Ness ave. .¦
• GOOD, reliable girl for light housework and
care for baby. 1107D Folsom st.
1 WANTED— Young girl to answer telephone
and collect. WM. LOANE. 439 Fifth at.
• EXPERIENCED finishers on ladles' : coats. A.
¦ KAHN. 142 Geary St.
WANTED — A ifirl In a small family . for gen-
eral housework. Call 1204 Ellis at.
A YOUNG girl to assist with baby. Call from
• 9 to 12, 1110 Ellis 'st. ¦ ".
FIRST-CLASS waist, skirt, cloak.- sleeve
hands and assistants. Apply 1200 Geary st.
. LAUNDRESS wanted:. call forenoon. 140 Bel-
• vedere et.; carfare paid.
I GIRL to assist with child: sleep home. Apply
between 10 and 2, 1661 Octavia st. ¦'•¦ ¦
HELP WANTED-— MALE— Cow.
MURRAY & READY,
PHONE MAIN 5848. 634 and 638 Clay st.
LEADING EMPLOYMENT and Labor Agts.
Offlce half Mock long; 14 clerks employed:
by our liwn printing plant we publish a
"FREE" Bulletin of Labor, containing every
position segregated under departments, ready
for distribution 7 a. m.; also noon and even-
ing editions. GET ONE FREE. German.
Italian. -French. Spanish. Portuguese,' Greek
spoken. "
THIS IS "WHAT
MADE US FAMOUS
We know no disUnctlon^between Man and
Man.
YOU ARE ALL EQUAL.
YOU ARE ALL WELCOME.
1002 WE GAVE ! 1903 WE'LL GIVE
45,000 MEN WORK. 60,000 MEN WORK.
TO-DAY WE SHIP FREE TO
NEVADA, ARIZONA,
OREGON. LOS ANGELES.
HAWAIIAN ISLANDS W1LLITS UKIAH,
AND ALL POINTS S. P. and Santa Fe.
NORTH. EAST AND SOUTH
RAILROAD HELP of every description. In-
cluding drillers, hammer and corner men.
muckers, laborers, teamsters, blacksmiths,
cooks and waiters $5 $4 $3 $2 day
MURRAY & READY. ' K54-63U Clay at.
CARPENTERS FREE FARE.
4 carpenters, large winery, fare $3 |40 fd.
Carpenter, ranch. 30c fare $40 and found.
SPECIAL.
15 carpenters, B helpers, big water power,
south, $90 and $(J7 DO.
MURRAY & READY. 604-630 Clay »U
COME.
363 laborers, teamsters, city and country
Jobs, $2.1 $i> 50 and $3 day. All classes of
155 F Italla°mi.%2 e 25 day.
You board yourselves. Steady Jobs.
26 laborers, free fare, 14 miles away, $42 and
found.
165 coal miners, free fare, $3 to $5 day
105 laborers, teamsters, Willlts, Ukiah. free
fare, $67 CO.
. . ;¦ Do- You know — Free Fare.
On every train we ship to S. P. Co.'s own-
work, on all divisions, laborers, extra gangs,
also section hands.
DIAMOND MATCH COMPANY.
180 teamsters and ax men, $75.
197 laborers and drillers. $75.
155 track layers, ballast track, $67 50.
Cost you only 51; no discount; steady Job.
MINES. QUARRIES, TUNNELS. .
155 laborers, you'll suit, $CO, $75, found.
96 miners and timbermen $00 found.
183 quarrymen, also drillers, $82 to $90.
Dtt carmen, furnace men, $75.
STABLES. FARMS. DAIRIES. HARVEST.
196 farm, orchard, vineyard hands, $30 to $45
and found.
88 milkers, buttermakers. $30, $35. $40 fd.
156 harvfst hands, hay balers, $2 50, $3 day.
CS choremen, coachmen, gardeners, $30 to $50
and found.
16 stablemen, city and country. $30 to $45 fd.
86 men for brlckyards,*$35 to $80 and found.
MARRIED HELP WANTED.
12 men and wives, farms, orchards, mines,
mills, $40 to $70 and found.
MURRAY & READY.
' 634 and 636 Clay st.
W'HERE ARE THEY?
SO lumber trusts and syndicates.
Located in Four States,
Managers here. Two Territories.
_, FREE — FREE — FREE.
09o laborers, no experience, wanted. $35 to
$70 and found.
18.S experienced mill and yard men, ?40 to
$150 and found.
3S3 woodchoppers, $40 to $50 and found.
386 woodchoppers, tlemakers, shingle, post,
picket and box bolt makers; tools and pro-
visions found.
BIG L . MURRAY & READY,
TRUSTS. 634 and 63C Clay st.
A— COOKS— BIG PAY. — — — - -
COOKS. BIG PAY. COOKS. COOKS.
26 cooks for harvest and fruit ranches hay
presses, etc., $70, $60, $50. $40, $30 and
found: very few men to cook for; no wo-
men there.
4 cooks for different mines, $70, $65, $50,
$40 and found.
46 cooks, hotels, restaurants, cafes, saloons,
etc.. $70 to $40 and found.
« WAITERS.
82. waiters, different places, including cafes,
grills. $45 to $30 and found.
6 bell and elevator boys, city and country
positions, $15 to $30 and found.
It porters and bedmakers, .city and country
positions, $45 to $20 and found.
86 dishwashers, etc.. city and all parts of
California, S40 to $25 and found.
IS boys to learn trades and work in factories,
$6 to $12 week. .
MURRAY & READY, 634-6."6 Ciay st.
ARE YOU GOING FRUIT PICKING TO-DAY
OR TO-MORROW? 295- men wanted; any-
body can do the work; a man or a boy who
can eat fruit can pick fruit.
$1 FEE. $1 FARE.
FRUIT $37 50 found. FRUIT
PICKING. ?S0 found. PICKING
TO-DAY. $34 found. TO-DAY.
Some to work about packing and dry houses;
you can have a good vacation. Go. come
back with $90 to $120. We ship NORTH.
EAST. SOUTH; also many to the . great
wineries.
MURRAY & READY. 634-630 Clay st.
SPECIAL —BY— TELEGRAPH.
MIDNIGHT —BY— PHONE & LETTER.
SPECIAL NOTICE TO-DAY.
3563 POSITIONS NOT ADVERTISED.
COME SEE.
FREE FARE— HUMBOLDT COUNTY.
55 Italians, Spanish, Mexicans, Portuguese,
Greeks. Austrians, Slavonians, as laborers,
$35 and found.
Big Lumber Company — Free Fare.
THIS IS IT
25 laborers 9 hours' work, 70c fare, $67 50.
$82 50 MONTH FOR
¦ 12 laborers for a gold mine. $S2 50.
ELECTRIC LIGHT POWER
AND WATER SYNDICATE — MINE DIS-
TRICT—FREE FARE.
25 laborers, you'll suit, steady Job, $67 50.
2 waiters, same place, fare $1 50. $8 week fd.
Blacksmith, vineyard, Santa Clara County,
$.'!5 found. -
Second baker, city. $40; fireman, city, $70.
Fireman, use oil. tend pumps, factory. $17
week.
2 carpenters, factory. 20c fare. $3 day; boy,
flre boiler. $6.
2 carpenters, fare 00c. $3 day; camp waiter,
$25.
8 cabinetmakers, country; cook. Nevada, $50.
Buggy washer, city dray. $65.
4 young men city mill, you'll suit. $9 week.
FREE TO WILLITS. UKIAH — FREE,
To-day, teamsters. $07 50.
Butcher, shop and wagon, fare $1 50, $30 fd.
3 laborers, 8 hours, city, good job. $2 day.
Cook, ranch, 6 men. $30 and found.
Handy man with butcher knife, city, $2 25
day.
Cooper, packing-house, $3 £5 day.
2 lathers. $2 60 per m.
3 slack coopers, 9c; second butcher, $50 fd.
Cutoff sawyer, city; 3 boys to learn trade, $9.
TUOLUMNE COUNTY— FARE PAID.
39 laborers, first-class lumber company, JGO.
' ARIZONA TO-NIGHT.
EUREKA— HUMBOLDT— FARE PAID.
32 laborers, big. good lumber co.. $60 to $75.
RESERVOIR WORK.
25 laborers and teamsters, fare $1 00, $67 50.'
LOOK! FARE PAID.
25 laborers, manufacturing plant. $C7 50.
08 TRACK MEN. NEW WORK. $C7 50.
2 tank coopers, winery. $3 50 day.
26 lumber pliers. Santa Cruz County, $60.
HALF FARE TO CHICO.
165 laborers, teamsters, axmen. $75.
NORTHEAST — SOUTH— FREK.
2555 RAILROAD LABORERS, TEAMSTERS.
Experienced nallliiff machine man, city, $75.
WAREHOUSES.
12 laborers, fare $1. you'll suit. S3 day.
Dumpcart driver, mine. $35 fgund.
Rfi laborers, special electric R. R.. $60. $75.
3«» dHllers water company. NORTH. $75.
SO drillers, muckers, etc., $75, $60, free far<!.
SPECIAL INDUCEMENTS.
165 Ironmen. splkers, track labours. $75.
12 laborers, 1 track gang on railroad, S3 day.
2 carpenters, factory, 10c fare. $3 day.
.T meat cutters, $15 week; blacksmith, fare
$1. $3; wood turner, $3 00: waiter, Monterey;
waiter, mine town. $3.*>. fare paid.
BEST PLACES AT MURRAY & READY'S
BIGGEST WAGES AT 634-636 Clay st
FREE FARE.
65 laborers to shovel coal. $2 75 day; not far
away; only 50c office fee.
FREE FARE.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and O*6 Clay st
BIG GOOD STEADY JOBS.
5 deck hands. $G0.
2 firemen, $70.
5 freight handlers, laborers will do. 22^c hr.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and C36 Clay st.
WANTED — For the U. S. Marine Corps, able-
bodied, unmarried men. between 21 and 35:
good character; must epeak, read and write
English; marines serve at sea on men-of-war
in all parts of the world, on land In our isl-
and possessions, and at naval ptations in the
United States. Apply at recruiting office. 40
' Ellis St., San Francisco. Cal.: 222% N. Main
Bt.. Los Angeles. Cal., and 401 K St., Sacra-
m en to. Cal. ; .
WANTED — Educated man to learn our business
and take responsible position when qualified:
position permanent: salary $900; references
required. GEORGE L. SHUMAN & CO.. 6*
Columbian ' building. ,
TRY our men's shoea. union made, at SI and
$150 pair: foot-form shoes at $2 00; we nay
express or mail cha-s. 11 Third st.. Exam.bld.:
open evgs.' until 10 o'clock, except Sundays.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, has
• added 100 new rooms to the ¦ Denver House,
217 Third St.; 250 rooms: 25c to 50c per night
MEN to learn barber trade;' only R weeks re-
. quired: special offer thin month; catalogue
. and full Information mailed free. MOLER
SYSTEM COLLEGE. 035 Clay st.
WANTED— lst-class coppersmith. Apply 814
Kearnv st. • •
PENSION atty. E. A. Bullls, room 40. Phelan
bid*. Past Com. Oeo. H. Thomas Post. G.A.R.
MAN to do Janitor work for. tuition In S: F.
• Barber School. 741A Howard st.
i , i i ~ ii •— i J v^
If you want a man to keep your books who'll do the work in style,
And never let them get behind, you will find It worth your while
To put a Want Ad in The Call, for it won't be many days
Before a man will be secured who'll be worthy of all praiS3.George A. Scott to Alice M. Scott, lot 87
and W % of lot 87%. amended map subdivi
sions of Mosswood Tract, Oakland; gift.
Delia and Alvah Gates (husband) to A J
Barton, lots 46 and 47, block D, Broadway
Terrace Tract. Oakland: $10. '
-William F. and Albertlna E. Lewis (by Irv
lns C A l^ rl^i at t°mey) to F. W. and M. Fobs
v and E. T. Paulson, lot on N line of Stuart
street, 225.27 E of Shattuck avenue. E 80 bv
N 134:6, lots 24 and 25. block D, map of resub
division of block D, Blake Tract, Berkeley $10
Frances Korbel to F. Korbel & Bros (Incor
porated), lot on N line of Dwlght way. loo AV
of Mllvla street. W 60 by N 135. lot 6, block 8
amended map of blocks 5 and 6 Barker Trnet'
Berkeley; $10. • ¦;"¦?> " '.
J. Clem and Orra A. Arnold (wife) to L.
R. Lothrop. lot on N line of Channing way, 339
W of Shattuck avenue, W 41 by N 136, portion
of lots 15 and 17, block 2, map of Barker Tract
portion of plat 68, etc.. Berkeley; $10.
Chester E. and Alta Priest (wife) to Conti
nental Building and Loan Association (corpora
tlon). lot on NW line of Lane street, 100 SW
of Putnam, SW 25 by NW 125, lot 15, block
754,- map of Syndicate Investment Company's
subdivision of blocks 751, etc.. Levy & Lane
Tract*. Frultvale, Brooklyn Township- $10
Jemima Lundy (widow) to P. H. Blake Jr
lot on N line of East Fourteenth street at lri
tersectlon by . line dividing lots 17 , and 18
thence along said dividing line N 131.83 by
E 40, portion of lot 18. Bray Tract, Brooklyn
Township; $10.
Calvin A. • Shaw to Jeremiah J. and Delia
T. Sullivan, lot 7, block E, Latham Terrace,
Brooklyn Township; $10. ~
Helena Korbel (widow). guardian the estate
of Caroline Korbel (Incompetent) and Anton
B. Korbel (minor) to Francis ajid Anton Kor
bel. all interest In lot on N line ot3uena Vista
avenue, 64 W of Lafayette (Nineteenth) street,
N 125 by W 54, block 48.' town of Encinal. Ala
meda; $10.
Francis and Anna. Korbel (wife) and Anton
i»nd Theresa Korbel (wife) to F. Korbel & Bros
(corporation), same, Alameda; $10.
Eleanor and Vaxlav Zaruba (husband) and
Helena K., Caroline and Lucia Korbel to same,
game, Quitclaim deed, Alameda, $10.
.Ei"'/. and Mary O'Brien (wife) to Anton
H. and Anna S. Anderson, lot on S line of
Goss street. 80:7% E of Cedar, E 25 by S
100:4%, lot 23, block 37, map of land at Oak
land Point (Railroad Ferry landing), tract 400
Oakland; $10. _ . '
John and Kate Pagnam (wife) to Frank B
Cook (single), lot on S line of Twenty-sixth
street. 307 W of Grove. W 25 by S 06:4. Oak
land; $10.
iuc urn fiicuUDi
The Society of Old friends has elected
the following officers for the current
term: N. Albrecht, president; A. C. Cun
ningham, vice president; Herbert Jaeger,
secretary; Philip Herzogr. treasurer;
Franklin F. Lord, medical examiner: R.
F. Mackenzie, James Kirllso, George
Simons, James Moffltt, Harold Mitchell
and John Mitchell, trustees. There is to
be a change in this society, for it is to be
turned from a purely social organization
into a beneficial one.
on E line of Wayne avenue 40 N of its Inter
section with S boundary line lot 5 N along
said line, said avenue to N boundary line said
lot 5. E 124, S 35.15 W 125 portion lot 5
block F. Peralta Heights. East Oakland; $10.
A. L. Sobey (single) to F. Murat, lot on N
line of Francisco street. 120 W of McGee W
80 by N 135:4%. portion lot 9. block 1, map
State University Association No 5 Berkeley
$C30. ' "
Emma C. Sutherland (single) to Edwin Suth
erland Jr.. lot on W lino of Neilson street
# .i0y:3t> N of Oilman, N 37:6 by W 100, lot 73,
and S % of lot 72, block F, amended map of
Chrlstlania Tract, Oakland Township; $10.
Henry C. and AUIe A. Garlock (wife) to
Phoebe A. HHlcourt (wife of L. P.), SE 50 feet
of lot 18, and NW 25 feet of lot 19. map of
Forest Park Tract, Brooklyn Township: $10
M. L. Wicks (single) to Susanna A. Audre
(Wife of A. A.), lot 60, Encinal Park Tract,
Alameda; also lot 20, block A, amended map
of resubdivision of Halght Homestead Tract
Alameda; $10.
Ethel Sherman (single) to Albert K. Sher
man and Thomas G. Brown, trustees under
the will of William Sherman, lot on N line of
Fourteenth street, B8 E of Grove. N 100 by E
7, block 255. Oakland; $10.
Annie and Ronald McMillan to Constantino
M. Coelho, lot on S line of West Eighteenth
street, SO W of Cypress, W 25 by S 104 0 lot
14. block 603, map of Bagge Tract, Oakland-
The Old Friends.
Court Occidental of the Ancient Order
of Foresters gave an entertainment and
dance last night in Golden Gate Hall in
celebration of .the twenty-third anniver
sary of its Institution. There was a pro
gramme of varied numbers, entertaining
and amusing:, after which it was "on with
the dance" until midnight. The affair
was conducted under the direction of tho
committee of arrangements, consisting of
Dr. John C. Newton, Walter J. Yarrow,
George Freiderman, Clarence Schneider,
"William Wallace, D. E. Besecker. W. J.
Bios, W. W. Willis. J. P. Barrells, John
Henderson and George McMartins. D. E.
Besecker was the floor manager and H.
Lemser his assistant. Those who con
tributed to the pleasure of the evening
were: Henry Dowdell. Frederick Kesen
James Lewis, George E. Dorn, Miss Rose
Harrison, J. Casad, Billy Hlnes, Miss
Mary Mead and George Evans. High
Chief Ranger State Senator Sanford and
Chief Ranger C. Schneider delivered ad«
dreses.
Foresters' Anniversary.
Helene -E. and Alexander J. Munro (hus
band) to A.- B. Henderson, lot on N line of
Laurel itreet. 65 W of Grove, W 35 by N 75,
block M. map W. F. Kelsey's Tract, Oak
land; $10.
People's Building and - Loan Association (a
corporation) to William M. Butters (trustee
Thora S. Butters), lot on N line of Lydla street.
100 W of Curtis. W. 25 .by N 80:4.- block H/
Curtis and-Wllllams Tract, Oakland;. $lj).-. '-
Annette . B.y Bassett . (widow) to Berry- Bang's
Land Company.' (a corporation), lot on SW
corner of I HUlegass avenue and Runoell street
W 160 by S 100. lots : 15 and 16. .block b|
Claremont • Tract.V Berkeley; $10.
Cecilia M F/ and Joseph R. , or J. R. Nixon
(husband) to Serena A; Downing (single); lot
Mary J. and Adonlca Fulton to John Ryan,
lot on E line of Illinois street. 130 N of
Twenty-second, N 55, E 87:6, SW 86:4 2-3.
W 80; $10.
John and Mary Ryan to California Sugar
Refinery, - same; $10.
J. Frank and Marea Walters to Clara and
Elizabeth Sadlo. lot on W line of Thirty
eighth avenue. 80 S of Clement street, S 25
by AV 120; $10.
Solomon and Dora Getz to Bernhard Getz,
undivided half of lot on E line of Twelfth
avenue. 275 N of L street, N 25 by E 120; $10.
Margaret A. Shine to Julia M. Shine, lots 1
to 4 block 3O. City Land Association; gift.
Lily H. White to Silas A. White, all property
In the State of California except property
decreed to first party In Superior Court action
No. 6766, quitclaim deed;!$l.
David and Rosa Baker to Joseph Bequit.
lot on NE line of Twenty-secona r.venue,- 75
NW of J Btreet. NW 75 by NE 100. lot 15,
block 423. Fan Francisco Homestead and Rail
road Association; $10.
Hannah P. fitearng to Celso Zanlni, lot on
NMIne of 8unnyslde avenue. 100 E of Ham
burg street. E 75 by N 100, lot* 0 to 13,
block '5, Sunnyside; $10. .
Same to Carlo Degllantonl, lot on NE cor
ner of Sunnyside avenue and Hamburg 1 Btreet,
E 100 by N 100. lots R to 8. block 5, same; $10.
Harrison Besh to William C. Waters, lot on
8 line of Montana street, 230 W of Capitol,
W 25 by 8 125 lot 14, block R, Railroad
Homestead Association No. 2; $100.
Masonic Cemetery Association to Eliza
Clough. lot In cemetery; $32. "
' Odd -Fellows' Cemetery Association to Man
rett^ Bever. lot In cemetery; $135.
Builders' Contracts.
Mrs. J. E. . Blanchard (owner) with F. A.
Blanchard (contractor), architect All work
for a one-story and rouch basement frame
building on E line of Sanchez etreet, 25 8 of
Hancock. 25 by 100; $2100.
Alameda County.
Xlarparet Walsh (single) to Secondo Duslo
and Glacone Lutgi. lot on NE corner of Louisa
and Twenty-sixth streets. E 115 by N 106:6.
lots 1 and 2. block S, Northern Addition. Oak
land; $10.
Harlow . P. Bancroft to Thomas H. Kelsey.
lota 13 and 14, block R. map Alpine Tract,
deed and agreement Oakland ; $10.
. AuKUBte E. C.« Mangln (single) to Auguste
Mangin, lots 34 and 35, map Academy Home
stead W D. 802; also lots 31 to 33, same map
surveyed March. ; 18GS. quitclaim deed Oak
land: $5. / '
Auguste Mangln ( widower) to Augusts E C
Mangin, same. Oakland; gift.
Charles Camden (widowe/) to Maygle L.
8chwarz (wife of H. W.). -lot on B line of
Magnolia street, 170:6 S of . Fourteenth. ¦ 8 40
by. E 148:3, block 574, Boardman map Oak
land; $1600.
Harlow P. Bancroft to George A. Scott, lot
87. W~H of lot 87%/ amended map subdi
vision Moaswood Tract, Oakland; $10.
J. H. Morricsey to W. H. Morrl»sey, lot
on N ltne of Army street, 50 E of Dolores,
E 24:10 by N 76; $10.
Margaret ChandUr to Robert J. Anderson,
lot on S line of Duncan street, 125 E of Do
lores, E 25 by S 114; $10.
Lizzie Fava (Commerford) to same, same;
$10.
John Rosenfeld's Sons (corporation) to Mary
E Kohl lot on S line of ¦ Geary street, 27:6
E Of Powell, E .50 by S 85; $10.
Annie T. Dunphy to Union Trust Company,
lot on NE corner of Sutler and Leaven worth
streets, B 24:4 by N 6S:9; $10.
Robert and Peter Lowrle. Elizabeth Provan,
and Ellen Campbell vs. William. James and
Ehintel Lowrie (by John J. O" Farrell, referee)
to Frederick H. Deakln, same, referee's deed;
?12,80O.
Estate of Andrew J. Pope (deceased, by
Union Trust Company, trustee) to Louis
Schoenberg, lot on 'BW line of Second street,
23 NW of Jessie. NW 23 by SW 67:6; $28,500.
P. A and Annie McDonald to Guntav I,lml
auer, lot on NW line of Shipley street. 312:6
SWVof Fourth, SW .7 by NW 75; 510.
William L. and Martha J. Murphy to Aaron
Miller, lot on SW corner of Twenty-flfth
street and Potrero avenue. S 140 by W 100; $10.
Augustus J. Ranken to Sylvaln J. and Gus
tav Lazarus, lot on NE corner of Fourteenth
and Waller Btreets, N 93 by E 50; $10.
Georgena F. Ranken to Augustus J. Ranken,
lot on NW corner of Fourteenth and Sanchez
street?. N 1CS. W 125, S 15. W 125, 8 03. E
250; $10.
Crocker-Woolworth National Bank to Mary
E. Bray, re-record 2000 D. 287. B line of Cas
tro street. 251 S of Seventeenth, S 24 by E 80;
$10.
Joseph and Jennie Burns to Christians Klein
hammer, lot on S line of Twenty-second street,
42 E of Shotwell, S 05, E 0:5%, N 95, W to
beginning; $10.
Jacob and Marsra-ret-Friedrlehs to aame; lot
commencing- 14:7 E of Shotwell and 95 8 of
Twenty-second street, S 0:2% by E 17:6; $10.
Christiana Klelnhammer to Thomas Reid,
lot on SE corner of Twenty-second and Shot
well streets. S 05, E 14:7. S0:2%, E 17:6, N
0:2%, E 10:4 1-3, N 05. W 42:4%: $10.
Thomas Reid to Elizabeth W. Reid, undi
vided >i of name; f lft. (.
Estate Emma A. Newth (by T. Z. Blake
man, administrator) to Nlel C. Mortensen, lot
on S line /of Twentieth street,. 100 E of Har
rison. E 25 by S 104; $770.
Estate of Celia Hagan (by Louis Ha?an,
Charlotte Kaufman and Carrie Rothchlld, ex
ecutors) to C. W. Hollis, lot on N lino of Pine
street. 53 E of Broderick, E 55 by N HO;
$4550. r
J. L. and Grace A. Gould to L. V. Merle
lot on E line of Bnxlerlck street, 108:2 S of
McAllister, S 29:4 by E 75; $10. •
James Curry to Bessie Smith, lot on W line
of Masonic avenue, 225 S of Point Lobos ave
nue. S 25 by W 144:7; also lot on E line of
Wood street, 150 >T of St. Rose, N 23 by E
144:7; $10.
John Hartmanshenn to Mary E. Hartm&n-
Bhenn, lot on N line of Fifteenth street, 65 W
of Howard, W 20 by N 60; gift.
President and board of trustees of Santa
Clara College to Augustus J. Ranken, lot on
N\V corner of Fourteenth and Sanchez streets,
N 108, W 125. S 15. W 125. S 93, E 2504 $10.
City and County of San Francisco to Anna
J. Dumont, lot on S line of Sinter street, 137-6
W of Webster. W 52 by S 137:6; $ .
John H. and Sophie McKay to "Winnie S.
Cooper, lot on N line of Washington street 75
W of Webster, W 25 by N It2:4>/i; $10. •
Annie Gould to Herman J. and Anna M.
Relmann. lot on N line of Bush street 54-3
B of Steiner. E 27 by N 77:6; $10.
Julius Ruediger to California Baking Com
pany, lot on SW corner of Eddy -and Flllmore
Btreets, W 137:6, S 110, E 27:6. S 27:6. B 110
N 137:6; $10. ' "'
THURSDAY. SEPTEMBER 17.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
It has transpired that the name of the
man who attempted to take his own life
by Inhaling gas at 204 Ellis street last
Wednesday' is W. A. Scaular and not
"Scanlon." as was written by him in a
note to Edward "Ward, a Chinatown
guide. Scaular is a remittance man and
comes from Australia. On July 10 last
he Is alleged to have shot an inoffensive
Japanese window cleaner in a saloon on
Steiner street. He was out on a cash
bond of $150 given by Attorney Archie
Campbell, who surrendered him to the po
lice on learning of his attempted suicide.
Surrenders Client to Police.
The offices of the plant are at 83 Fre
mont street, where it was stated that the
works were valued y at $75,000, on which
there was an insurance of about $35,000.
The building in which the plant was lo
cated was owned by Miss Jennie Flood.
Firo which was discovered at 6 c^clock
yesterday morning destroyed the
Francis Smith & Co. steel works,
on Tpwnsend street, between Seventh and
Eighth streets, entailing a v loss of about
$75,000. The blaze started in the engine
room from some unknown cause and was
discovered by a night watchman after it
had attained a good start. By the time
the fire apparatus arrived the entire plant
was a mass of flames, and the main work
of the firemen was directed to saving ad
joining property.
The hay barns of McNab & Smith,
across the alley from the conflagration,
were seriously threatened, and it required
the utmost efforts of the fire department
to keep them and their contents from go
ing up in smoke. The pipes were massed
to the north of the blazing- structure and
a deluge of water was poured in to check
the flames. The firemen were compelled
to labor in almost unbearable heat for
two hours, playing streams on the fire at
every point where it threatened to spread
to the hay barns. Finally the fire burned
itself out, having consumed everything
inflammable in the steel works.
The destroyed structure was a quarter
of a block wide and half a block deep and
was filled with costly machinery. It is
not believed that any of it can be used
again in making steel plate. Sixty men
who have been employed at the plant are
forced out of work until such time as the
owners rebuild. Construction on the new
plant will be commenced as soon as the
losses are adjusted with the insurance
companies.
WASHINGTON, Sept 17.-The Federal
Grand Jury to-day returned three indict
ments In the postal cases, involving two
people, one of them being: a joint Indict
ment., The' names of the indicted persons
were not made public.
The indictments are based on a contract
or agreement for the sale of certain sup
plies to th© Postofflce Department. One
of the parties is said to be a former chief
of bureau, who had to do with large
contracts which have figured conspicu
ously in the investigation. It is expected
that the indicted men will be arrested
within the next twenty-four hours. Sev
eral caws on which action had been an
ticipated did not materialize, but further
indictments are expected.
Firemen Have Fierce Battle
to Save Adjoining Prop
erty From Flames.
One of the Persons Indicted
Is Said to Be Former
Chief of Bureau.
Early Morning Fire Does
Damage to Amount
of $75,000
Washington Grand Jury
Returns Three More
Indictments.
STILL PROBING
POSTAL FRAODS
STEEL PLANT
IS DESTROYED
TH13 SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 18, 1903.
13
THE CAUL'S
GREAT ATLAS OFFER
Will close on September 24,
1903, and all holders of .Atlas
Coupons are requested to pre-
sent them immediately, as this
great opportunity to secure one
of these splendidv Atlases at The
Call's premium - rates will be
brought to a close on Septem-
ber 24.
j KOOMS TO LET — Furn. and Unfurn.
EDDY. K^> — Beautifully firrnished apartments
in elegant flat; also single rooms. v '-'-¦
EIGHTH. 1014— nay-window front room for
gentleman and wife or two gentlemen.
FOLSOM. 8.50— Furnished rooms with stoves,
1 - an 5 * 8 t>er month ; single, fi.
j FOLSOM. 904 4— 2 large sunny furnished
I rooms. $6 and $7; private family.
i GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 50c
i to " " 9 night; f2 to $3 week: reading-room.
j HOTEL GRAT6TONE
W Oeary pt.: phonr Bush 8S0.
Centrally located fireproof hotel; elegantly
¦ furnished suites, with baths and singles.
J JESSIK. 303. east of U. S. Mint— Furnished
| roome. $5 per month; for 2, $10.
; JONES. H19 —Comfortable sunny room; bath;
reasonable; central; private family.
NINTH. 113 — 1 elngle sunny room; rent reason-
able.
: OTARKULL. 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
: o.ficeg; elevator; elec. lights; day, week, mo.
i POST. 1OSS— Nicely furnished rooms in a new,
I modern flat; central. '
: ROYAL House. 120 Ellis— Incandescent lights,
readinK-rootn. Emoklng-room and ladles' par-
lor: room# tier night, .'!Tk: to (I 50; week. ?2
to ?V; month. ?s to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms' with hot and cold water; baths.
ST. JAMES. McAllister and Lar-ina— Front
sunny rooms; all new; very cheap; telephone
Paee 5751.
TURK. l-jis — Furnished, unfurnished and
hcurekeepir.g rooms.
! UNITED STATES, 123 Eddy St., near Market—
400 single ar.d family rooms; 35e to $1 night;
$1 75 to $<> week; elevator; electric lights;
reading-room; free bus and baggage.
j WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d ft., nea' Market —
Moet convenient and ret=;>ectable; 700 rooms;
3.1c to Jl 50 nipht; $2 to fS week: elevator;
eiec. lights; reading-room; free \>ub; baggage.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
Fuhpcriptlons has been established at 1098
! Valencia Ft.
ROOMS AXD IIOAKD.
STEYENlTa?r!ir!iH^lon?'soT^
tractive and sightly rooms; best table and
Ftrvioe: lowest rates.
¦ VAN NESS ave., 1711 — Private boarding-house,
home like, everything first class; sunny
puites; single rooms; choice locality; ref.
BOA«D and lodplng In private family; 6unny
front rooms. 2521 Sutter st.
' THE LAKE, 2ci TurK— Nicely furnistfed
roms with board.
PHYSICIAN! AXD SlH'iKO.NS.
' DR. C. C O'DONNELL— Office and residence.
1021*6 Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
' BLOOD Fkin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073H Market st.
| REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor:
treats all disease* of the human body; for
part four years at 115-117 Mason; now lo-,
cated at CP7 Geary St.. near Leaven worth.
DR. TONG PO CHY, successor to Dr. LI Po
Tal. herb doctor; cures all diseases of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
i WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor — All dis-
frgseg cured by Chinese herbs. 740-8 Clay st.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
NOTICE is hereby given that the Transfer
Books for the transfer of stock of The Bank
, of California will be closed September 15.
lift*?, at .1 o'clock p. m.. and will reopen on
Friday. October 2. 1903. By order of the
Board of Directors
ALLEN M. CLAY. Secretary.
September 3. 1903.
: DR. A. E. NEUMEISTER. Surgeon— SpecuTl
attention given to medical and surgical dis-
eases of women, diseases of the liver, stom-
ach and bnwel*. 513-14 Starr King bldg..
121 Geary St.; tel. Private Exchange 216.
i SPECIALISTS.
; CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES in EARS
j positively cured; new method; 1 w-rek's treat-
ment free. Dr. Cottlneham, 204 Sutter at.,
i lEWaC MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES
NEW HOME sewing machine, this week only,
$10, $15. $2f>: bllghtly used: needles 20c doz.
NEW HOME S. M. CO.. 1051 Market st.
i ———————— «— i — — — — — — — i — — — ¦————. — — — — — — i
STOIIAGU AXP WMIKHOLSKS.
! A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard St.. near Third; phone Grant 161.
f PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co.. of-
i flee Post and Powell sts.; tel. Priv. Ex. 571.
! CONKLIN'S storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. S.">:{ Golden Gate ave.; phone East 126.
GOLDEN WeFt Storage; advances made; 840
Mission st. ; tel. Howard 941. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore «. ; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
ft.; tel. Main 1M0. Shipping at cut rates.
STLTTEItlXG AND , STAMMERING.
MELBOURNE System School, Van Ness and
Market: positive cure for all. Don't delay.
1 ¦ I
TYPEWRITERS AJVD SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRlTERS^We
sell better machines for less monoy than any
house in the city: rentals $:i. The Typewriter
Exchange, 53G California; telephone Main 206.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each; get par-
ticulars. L. & M. ALEXANDER, 110 Mont-
gomery st.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Inypec. Co.. 508 Market.
PROFO9ALS. ~~
! SAN FRANCISCO, Cal.. August 22, 1903.—
Sealed proposals. In triplicate, will be re-
ceived here until 11 o'clock a, m., September
22. 19C3, and then opened for furnishing and
erecting a 50,000 gallon tank on 50-foot tres-
tle, and for removing and re-erectlng a
30.000 gallon tank, at Benlcia Barracks,
Cal. Government reserves right to reject
or accept any or all bids in whole or in
part. Information furnished on application
¦ to C. A. DEVOL, Quartermaster. Chief Q. M.
I SAN FRANCISCO. Cal.. Sept. 12. 1903.— Seal -
ed propoFals, in triplicate, will be received
! here until 11 o'clock a. m .. September 22.
; 1SC3, and then opened for construction of
frame buildings for lavatories, additions to
! officers' quarters, plumbing, etc., at Depot
cf Recruit Instruction, Presidio of Stn Fran-
cisco, Cal. Government reserves right to re-
ject or accept any or all bids in whole or in
part. Information furnished on application
to C. A. Devol. Quartermaster. Chief Q. M.
MARRIAGE LICENSES. ~~
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Theodore E. Tasalskl. 33. Chicago, and
Adela Dobeogoleka, 19. city.
Simon Florin. 31. Halfmoon Bay, and Jo-
sephine Curry, 20, Halfmoon Bay.
Harry Robinson, 42, city, and May T. Van
Pelt. 33, city,
Carl F. . Stange, 30. city, and Elizabeth L.
Engelhardt. 27. city.
Frank C. Bleuss, 25. 233 Portland avenue,
and Sophia Braas, 21, 4330 Seventeenth etreet.
Casha L. Stoker, 2", Point Richmond, and
Edna A. Moore, 19, Point Richmond.
Oscar Carlxon. 28, 104 South Park, and
Hllma Johnson, 29. city.
Lorcnts W. Johnson. 30, city, and Hanna
Olson. 2G. city.
Fredrick Roth, 22. 159 Silver atreet, and
Nellie CUne, 22, 159 Silver street.
George Cassasa, 22. «27 Greenwich street,
and Dina Ragghlante, 19, 222 Broadway.
Francisco Casella, 27, 9 Sonora place, and
Ro&ina Carlamagna, 22. 9 Varennes place.
Harry Johnson, 23. 135 Welsh street, and
Nellie Haluaka. 27, 37 Wilder street.
John Daly. 29. 1012 Stockton street, and
Maggie Stack. 2«. 2024 Steiner street.
Joseph F. Fulton. 21, city, and Mary Casey.
21. city.
Louis Kutner, 27, Fresno, and Bertha Hut-
shing. 21, city. •
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHSL
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
!n at cither of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have tbe same published.
BORN. .
GOEPFERT— In this city, August 31, 1903, to
the wife of E. W. Gocpfert, a son. 1 -
GOLDKUHL— In this city, September 15, 1003,
to the wife of William J. C. Ooldkuhl. a
son.
KP.OENKE— In this city. September 1C, 1903,
to the wife of August E. Kroenke. a daugh-
ter.
McCOY — In this city, September 1, 1903, to
• the wife of Bert McCoy, a daughter.
RYAN— In this city. September 9. 1903, to the
wife of Jesse J. Ryan, a son.
WIELAND— In Sacramento, September 12,
l»03. to the wife of Frederic Wieland. a
daughter.
married!
HURLEY— BARTMAN— In this city, Septem-
ber 13, 1903. by t*e Rev. Father Caraher,
Lawrence J. Hurley and Winifred Bartman.
McNAMARA — EITHER— In this city. Septem-
ber ltf. 1903. by the Rev. Jay William Hud-
son. Thomas B. McNamara of Santa Rosa
and Ida Mae lilther of Ean Francisco.
:. DIED.
Allen, Charles Larsen, Maria
Honnot, Frank 'Laugel, Mrs. A.
Howman. John C. Lautenschlager,' C. .
I'hloupok, Willie McLane. James D.
Crandall. George M. - Miller, Harold M.
Davies, Capt. David Mohica. I.
Farrell. John J. y Mohr, J. Henry
Garrett, Martha IS Nolan, Inez E. ¦-. i
Goodwin. Laura Peterson, Edward J.
Hall. Milton B. Rcgli. Stanislaus
¦ Harmon, Edward D. Rowan, Peter .
Hartter, Clcelia T Ryan. Joseph P.
Heffernan, Catherine Simmons, Phebe L.
Hennessey, John Truett, Frederick G.
Howell, Evan J. Jr. Viliansencio, Virglda
Hui son, Ellen Welsh, Walter
Juzix. Leopold Wood. John W.
Kroenke (infant)
ALLEN — In Emeryville, September 15. 1903,
Charles Allen, beloved husband of Ellen Al-
len, and father of Mary and Hattie Allen, a
native of County Sligo, Ireland.
CJTrierds and acquaintances arc respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Friday.
September 18, -at 9:15 o'clock, from his late
residence. Park avenue, thence to "Sacred
I Heart Church, where a solemn requiem mass
[ will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
• commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment St.
Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
BONNOT— In this city. September 17, 1903,
Frank, dearly beloved husband of Annie
Bonnot, and loving father of Mamie. Min-
nie. Ruth. Walter, Eugene and Marsells
Bonnot, a native of France, aged 42 years 3
months and 20 days.
BOWMAJtf— In this city, September lfl, 1903,
John C., beloved husband of the late Au-
gusta Bov.-man, father of Henry A. Bowman,
and brother of Christiana Tietjen, a native
of Germany, aged 74 years 1 month and 7
days.
tdTFriends ard icqualntances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
September 20, 1003, at 1 o'clock, from the
mortuary chapel of the dolden Gate Under-
taking Company, 2475 Mission street, near
Twenty-flrst. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery, by carriage.
CHLOUFOK — In Oakland, September 16, 100.1.
Willie Chloupok, beloved son of Mary L.
Chloupok, a native of California, aged 16
years and 1 month.
CRANDALL — In this city, September 16, 1903,
George M., beloved husband of Mary E.
Crandall, and father of William S. and
George A. Crandall and Mrs. J. L. Hender-
son, a native of Pittstown, N. Y., aged 61
years and 5 days.
{uTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 123."; Broadv.-ay, between Hyde and
Leavenworth streets. Interment private. Na-
tional Cemetery. Presidio. Please omit
flowers. i
DAVIES— In this city, September 16. 1903.
Captain David Davies of the lighthouse ten-
der Madrono, beloved husband of Annie
Davles, and father of Mrs. J. R. Grismer
and Cordelle and David Caradoc Davies, a
native of Cardigan, Wales, aged 72 years.
FARRELL — Entered into rest, September 16,
UK*!, John J., beloved husband of Wilda
Farrell, father of Catherine E. Farrell, son
of Catherine and the late John Farrell. and
brother of Thomas Farrell, Mrs. Margaret
Canavan, Mrs. P. Garety and the late Peter
Farrell. a native of New York City, aged 52
years 2 months and 4 days. A member of
No. :«, Y. M. I.
ty^ritnds and icqualntances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Saturday,
September 19. at 9:15 o'clock, from his late
residence, 1004 O'Farrell street, corner of
Webster, thence to Holy Crosa Church, Eddy
and Scott streets, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
IGNATIAN Council No. 35, Y. M. I. — Mem-
! hers are hereby requested to assemble at the
house of mourning to attend the funeral of
our late brother, John J. Farrell. Per order
M. J. CARROLL, President.
C. L. EBNER, Secretary.
! GARRETT— In this city. September 17, 1903,
at her residence, 1301 California street. Mar-
tha Jane, belovtd mother of Marie Garrett,
a native of Missouri, aged 71 years 7 months
1 and U day?. (Sacramento papers please
copy.)
C7 Services and interment at Sacramento.
GOODWIN— In this city, September 16, 1903,-
Laura Goodwin, beloved mother of Louis.
Abble, Charles and William Goodwin and
Mrs. Charles Hewitt, a native of Virginia,
aged 07 years.
(LTFrlenus and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Friday,
at 11 o'clock, from her late residence, 2620
Bush street. Interment private.
HALL — In San Rafael, September 16, 1003,
Milton Baily Hall, infant son of Baily and
Addie IIn.li. a native of San Rafael.
HARMON— In Lorin, September 17, 1903, Ed-
war 1 D., beloved husband of Helen Harmon,
and father of Lewis C, Charles R. and
Julian M. Harmon, a native of Warren,
Ohio, aged Ti. years 4 months and 8 days.
HARTTER— In this" city. September 17, 1003,
Cicelia, youngest and dearly beloved daugh-
ter of Marcus and Anna Hartter,' and sister
of Hedwlg and Clara Hartter, a native of
San Francisco, aged 1 year 2 months and
10 days.
IIEFFKRKAX— In this city. September 10.
1G0X Catherine, beloved daughter of James
F. and Mary G. Heffernan, and sister of
Viola, Owen, Evelyn, Wlllamena and Gene-
vieve Heffernan, a native of San Francisco,
aged 12 years C months and 19 days.
(T7Friends and acquaintances are rCBpect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at S:3O o'clock, from tho residence
of her parents, 303 Filbert street, thence to
St. Francis Church, where mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 0 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
HENNESSEY— In this city, September 16,
l«03. John Hennessey, beloved son of the late
James and Margaret Hennessey, a native of
San Francisco, aged 2U years 4 months and
10 days.
ICTThe funeral will take place to-day
(Friday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of McFadden, McBrearty & Green. 1171 Mis-
sion street, between Seventh and Eighth)
thence to St. Joseph's Church for services at
1 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HOWELL — Entered into rest, September 16,
1903, at the residence, 2 Simpson place, oft
First street, Evan J. Howell Jr., dearly
beloved husband of Gussle Howell, only eon
of Evan J. and Letltia Howell, and brother
of Anna Howell and Mrs. Lizzie L. Dex-
traze, a native of Scranton, Pa., need 1!»
years 3 months and IS days. A member of
Linemen's Union, Local No. 151, and Court
Columbia No. 05, A. O. F. of A.
HURSON— In this, city, September 17. 1003,
Ellen, dearly beloved wife of Edward Hur-
son, loving mother of Martin E., John H.,
Robert J. and Thomas P. Hurson. Mrs.
Thomas Zemenos and Mrs. James McDon-
ald, and dearly beloved elster of Mrs. Mary
Dolan, a native of the parish of Curradn,
County. Galway, Ireland, aged 0(1 years 4
months and 10 days.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 34 V, Ring-old street, thencn to St.
Joseph's Church, where a nolemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
f<oul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery,
JUZIX— In this city, September 15, 1903, Leo-
pold, beloved eon of the late Leopold and
Louisa Juzix, and brother of Valery, Henry
and Louis Juzix. Mrs. G. Grros and Mrs. J.
P. Cooney, a native of San Francisco, aged
30 years 9 months and 18 day*.
tt^i'nends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
September 20, 1903, at 1 o'clock, from his
late residence. 228^4 Eighth street. Inter-
ment Mount Olivet Cemetery. ~" '
KROENKE — In this city, September 17. 1003.
infant daughter of August E. and Louise
M. Kroenke, a native of Ban Francisco, aged
1 day.
LARSEN— In thl» city, September 15, 1903,
Maria, dearly beloved mother of Paul, Lena,
Alma and Theresa Larsen, and beloved sister
of Mrs. J. Frandsen, a native of Denmark,
aged 55 years 4 months and 18 days.
(E7Frtcnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from the parloTs of
H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery, by electric funeral car from
Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
LAUGEL — In this city, September 17. . 1903.
Mrs. A. Laugel, a native of Germany, aged
75 yean.
LAUTENSCHLAGER— In this city, September
10, 1903. Charles Lauttnschlager of Eureka,
Nev.. a native of Germany, aged «8 years.
D7 Remains at the parlors of Halsted &
Co., 916 Mission atreet.
McLANE — In this city, September 16, 1903,
James D., beloved sort of Charlea and Cath-
erine McLane, and brother of Charles A.,
Frank, Prosper, Catherine, Rose and the late
Bernard F. McLane, a native of San Fran-
cisco. • .
(CSTFrlondK and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9:45 o'clock, from his late
residence, 2029 Steiner street, thence to St.
Dominie's Church, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of .his
soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
MILLER— In this city, September 17, 1903,
Harold Marvin, beloved son of M. E. and
Alice T. Miller, a native of British Colum-
bia, aged 4 years 5 months and 28 days.
MOHICA— In the City and County Hospital.
September 17,, 1903, I. Mohlca, a native of
Porto Rico, aged. 28 years.
MOHR— In Uklah, September 17. 1903. J.
Henry Mohr, beloved husband of Alice Mohr.
a native of San Francisco, aged 30 years.
NOLAN— In this city, September 17, 1903,
Inez E., beloved Infant daughter of M. C.
and B. A. Nolan, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 9 months and 17 days.
PETERSON— In this city. September 17. 1903,
Edward James, dearly beloved and only In-
fant son of James E. and Louise A. Peter-
eon, a native of San Francisco, aged 1 year
6 months and 0 days.
REGLI— la Ihls city, September 16, 1903, Stan-
islaus Regli, dearly beloved husband of Catn-
arlna Regll. beloved father of Johanna and
Stanislaus RegM Jr., and brother of Mrs.
Carl KusBi and Walter and Felix Reell. a'
native of Canton Url, Switzerland, aged 42
years 11 months and 6 days.
C7 Friends and acquaintances arc respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 8:15 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, S12A Elizabeth street, between Twen-
ty-third and Twenty-fourth streets and Hoff-
man avenue and Douglas etreet, , thence to
St. Anthony's Church, Army street, near
KoUom, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of . his soul, com-
mencing at 0 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
ROWAN— In this city, September 1C, 1003.
Peter Rowan, beloved brother of Joseph and
- Mary Rowan, Mrs. G. C. TerrlU and Mrs.
' L. Stone, a native of- County Mayo, Ire-
land, aged 30 years. A member of Pros-
perity Lodge No. 309, A. O. U. W., and
Court Eclipse No. 14, A. O. F. of A.
ESH'rienda und acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 8 o'clock, from the parlors of
McFadden, McBrearty & Green. 1171 Mis-
sion- street, thence to St. ¦ Vincent de Paul's
Church, corner Steiner. and Green streets,
where a requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul at 0 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
RYAN— In this city, September 12, 1903. Jo-
seph P. Ryan, a native of New Fountain
View, Abbeyleix. Queens County, Ireland,
aged 30 years and 6 months. *
SIMMONS— In this city, September 16. 1903.
Phebe L., beloved wife of the late Charles
Simmons, and mother of Elizabeth A. Sim-
mons, a native of Rhode Island, aged 82
years X months and 18 days.
J_rFrlcnd!" and acquaintances are respect-
fullv Invited to attend the funeral Friday.
September IS, 1903. at 11 o'clock, from her
late residence, Angelica street, between Va-
lencia and Guerrero. Interment Mountain
View Cemetery, Oakland, by I o'clock creek
route boat.
TRUE1T— In this city, September 17, 1903.
.^Frederick George, beloved husband of Annie
K. Truett, and father of Dalsey and Walter
Truett. a native of Philadelphia, Pa.
VILLANSENCIO— In thi« city, September 16.
1003, Virglda^ Villansencio, a native of Mex-
ico, aged 87 years. i • ¦
C7"Rpma!ns at Charles J. B. Metzler*s
undertaking parlors. 630 Washington street.
WELSH-^In Berkeley, September 17, 1903,
Walter, beloved husband of Cornelia Welsh,
and father of Elmer Welsh, a native of New
York, aged C9 years.
WOOD— In this city, September 17, 1903, John
Wesley, beloved husband of Addle E. Wood,
a native of Cornwall, N. Y., aged 74 years
4 months and 18 days.
lETFriends ana acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
September 20, 19OT, at 2 o'clock, from the
chapel of Odd Fellows' Cemetery. Services
will be conducted by Anna L. Gellespie.
Remains at the mortuary chapel of the
Golden Gate Undertaking ! Company, 2475
Mission street, . near Twenty-flrst. Kindly
omit flower*.
CARD OF THANKS.
We wish to thank our many relatives and
friends of the late Lillian Nathan for their
sympathy In our hour of bereavement
JOHN NATHAN,
PHILLIP POSNER and Family.
«. the sun^ii^V 0^ *T" t lo T^ and
-:?•!.! marine riew tL, L , l - hav »ns a
• : -. '"-•¦?¦t cr n4«W' v i on n °rth -sldp
liilSSSi
l-o' JrrrI? V ake; ready for iKJlldin-?; 2,-ix
iricn> reac> to turr. on; a few et»ps 'mm
' r « wi.^'T" 1 * U * ): lt Jou are Poking
1* ojlldins; up with a superior clafs of hon-.ee;
•t '* a r.ne iocattrn. \V. J orw 630 Call-
J^^J^JBrnYlntn Vnion nuilding.)
WILLITS! "~ xy.r, IT e,
l.u*inr F 5 It-t-c; build'ne lots; price* with'n
-h* rtach of ».I1 : Jntest now while thf prices
ar- low; W Hilts is the terminus of t!ie «'aii-
, OI J nl * Xorthwcsifrn Iiallrcad; when Clover-
* as ll ' e l *rmina! its urewth fciarte«r
wren the terrn'.nuf <har.co<1 to Uklah it dlj
The wmc, end Winit*. with its ri.li SU r-
rounilr./f country, must naturally follow in
the same line; *ee thie property on Sunday
September 2irth; boat It-avev 7 :.U) by Tiburon
„ F«>rry; ticket*. f:i round tHr. and fre« bases
v.!ll rcnvev you to the rro^erty: tickc-is can
he secured at our office, or at CM Market st
XV. II. MESTOX, manaxer Country Land
Department.
BfRXIIAM & MARSH COMPANY. 211 !
MontKon]er> t-t.
A BAnGAIN— J<2M; CORNER LOT 2
FLATj?. LOT 25x114: 184 CLIPPER' ST
CHK OWSEn ON PREMISES. j
I3AHOAIN — Two handsome • niw residences of I
« rooms and bath: 6unny. modern and up to
date in every rarticuiar: Nob. 9«6 and DCS
Clayton «=t.. near GoHen Gate Park- price
£ l £*22 A J&*Q Api>ly *• D - CRANSTON
& PONS. 1W Montgomery Ft.
FORCED eale of 2 cottage*. 5 r. and b. on
2«th st . near Castro; one chanre In a 'life-
time: $100 down and J20 ptr morth 1245
Sanchez; S-'ifiO down and $20 r*r month
D. COFFIN A CO.. 3303 Mission st.
ItHNT r^\-1r.jr hcttne: ju?t finiFhrd; nlre cottape
of 7> rooms and bath; on your own terms.
JACOB HEYMAN CO.. 117 Sutter Et.
BOLD on your unimnroved realty: we loan
full co>t improv. and rart lot at C per cent
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker building!
5-ROOM house and outbuilding*; free water;
suitable for poultry or hounds: 100x125 ft.;
»!*-> unimproved 75x125. 120 Palmetto ave.
FOR sale — House 8 rms. : hisrti basement: sunny
»ide 13th. bet. Valencia and Mtsnion: no reas.
cger refuged. Stephens A Co.. tTi!on-sq. Mkt.
MARKKT and Dolore«— 75x«0 feet, un'.ra-
f-rovrd. Pee own*r> sign on premise*.
PO1\T RICHMOND rtKAI. ESTATE.
"WATETl front lots and bargain!": all tracts;
mars, photos, etc. BELI... 417 Parrott bldg.
HEAL KM'ATU Country For Sale.
3 ACRES land, adjoining Union Park. Colma; i
fenced hedsres around land; good house; !
chlcken-houfc*^. water: reasonable; chickens.
<!uck». R. P. THORNTON. 410 Examiner bid.
ALFALFA lantff. etock ranches, orchards,
vineyards: ln»pected barralns; monthly cata-
lojrues sent free. C. U. WOOSTElt CO.. 643
VnrVet yt ,
HEAL. K«T»TE TO EXCHANGE.
OWNER of choice Berkeley real estate would
like to exchange for Fotnc in this city. Ad-
grc»s bcx 414S. Call office.
I'llOPEHTV TO BICHASCE.
FOR puie. or will exchacce for train land,
Sacramento or Saa Joaquin counties pre-
lerrt-d. a fcJTiOO etock of general merchandise,
prorer'.ff and proviftior.s; also the trtore build-
ing, barn and dwelling If desired; value
»r.no<>. A<^r>-= hnx i'i. Fatrfieid. Cal. j
HnOPEKTY WA.MEB.
WANTEIJ — Firrt-clafg cattle ranch, from $15.- '
(.•(.O to tSiJOSO; rauft have fo'jd water, range |
rtc A!i«v«-r in detail to FRED A. BRIT- I
TEN, 4*1 Haver st., San Francisco.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS, j
ALAMKDA REAL HSTATB.
JLST WHAT YOU ARE LOOKING FOR.
A PKETTT HOME IN ALAMEDA.
Surrounded ty flowers and fruit trees; near
t^ln and schools; only $2&>0; lot 75x125.
Nic* 5-room cottage and bath.
ALAMCDA LAND COMPANY.
Tel. <~,rp.r,1 14ir, ir,f»o Park Ft.. Alameda.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 iJBOADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$100 CASH and $50 a month buys new. colonial '
house-; fine marine view; central and con- ;
venient; dining-room paneled in curly red- ,
wood: oren and nickel plumbing; lot 5Ox
145; surroundeiJ by tnajtniflce^t homes;
owner prefers to feell on terms rather than
rrt; t'A) a month refused as i*nt for this
house; a rare opportunity to buy a mag- •
r.iflcent home same as paying rtnt; abso-
lutely as represented and price $1000 less
than cost to duplicate.
GEORGE W. AUSTIN or J. S. MTERS.
1002 Broadway. Oakland.
OAK L AX^D^^MTJLRE^FOR^SALB.
TO-MORROW the day for barcalus In furni-
ture. H. 6'hellhaas. 1Kb st..cor.store.Oaklnd.
rooms fob iiui.M;ivi:i:ri>(i.
A COZY 3-room apartment; $30 up; free hot
beth*; electric lUrht*: caJl to-day. Knicker-
bocker Apartments, 1340 Pine Ft., near Hyde.
ANTLERS. 415 Turk Et.— Strictly modern; 4-5
room apartments; fur, or unfur. lor hskpg.
FELL, 22.*— ESejrantly lurnished suites for
housekeeping; bath, cae, tance; adults.
FIFTH. 438— Single rooms, |1 per week; hoa»e-
keeplng, $1 W up.
HERBERT <The) — Funny apartments for
bousekeering; gas ranges; Just r.ewiy fur-
nlt-ht-d. 1UO Polk st.
HOWARD. 10C3 — 2 eunny connecting; complete-
ly fur. bay- wind, rms.; elec. lights; others, i
LARKIN, 433 — Furnished rooms lor house-
keeping.
LARKIN. <52R 1 .2 — 2 housekeeping rooms; kitchen
with gas etove and range; private bath; also
single housekeeping room. .__ |
£T JAMES, McAllister and La— ina— Fur-
nii-hed sunny suite, with eeparate cunny
kitchen; *ra* rar.ge; ail complete tor house-
keep l*______HPj_
THE Cll)«ple 118 Ninth St. — Nicely furnished
rooms, f 1 BO to $3 per week; pbune; quiet.
A BRANCH office, for Call advertisements a^l
etibsbrtptions, hai been established at 1UHJ
Valencia «t.
UOTCLS AXD gOAKPIXG-llOL'Siaa.
TliE ralN^TiSIe»n Plan).
Superbly furnished and the only high-Brade
rWldcnce hotel in the city which Is operated
on the European plan; located at No. <10
Jones et . between fiutter and Post «ta., and
reached by 3 etreet car lines; room* ™°* U *
arTanced en suite, with bath, electrlq. light*.
Btfara h-»t, long distance telephone it every
suite; billiard and em cklnK rooms and a aiAg-
nlfloent prli'.room. Raten are very reasonable.
APARTMENTS TO LET.__~7~
EL "MONTEREY, tho city/« newest apartment
hotel located on the north side of Pine Et..
between Hyde and Leaven worth; a superb
brick building of Spanish architecture; all
the comforts of housekeeping combined with
the of hotel life; price, very
reasonable.
ltUUM» TO LIST Knrn - *" >d i ''"-° r * >
A~UANDioMELY furnished. E unny bay-win-
dow room in private residence, four blocks
from Park entrance, and within «-asy walk-
ing distance of Affiliated Colleges. $15; also
large unfurnished room with private en-
trance; cenUemen only. Address box 1.03.
Call office.
A— BRUNSWICK Houn*. 148 Sixth— Rooms
25c to $1 per nlRht. «1 25 to f5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all nignt.
AT "Thr Almonte." f>73 Market «t (or No. 1
Fifth st.)— noomn. 25c.- 60c. $1. $1 50 nlsht.
$1 6O to $10 week; house open *ll night.
BL'RXEfT, 1420 Market — fold No. l s<M >-r£" r ."
nlshed rooms, pulte. single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 E1U», cor. Masoa— Elegantly
farnlcbed Bixnojr rooau; prices reascnable.
:
' EAIXWAY TBAVEI*
w
the North Western 3
! Union Pacific Excursions
| . afford unusual opportunities int. an
J . e;onomkil4nj satisfactory jfrnroey to '
I ChicagorEast
Excursions Every Day i
Personally conducted parties leave
San Francisco every Wednesday,
Thursday, Friday and Saturday.
\ Leave Los Angeles one day earlier.
i Choice of routes.
For full ir.form»tioa apply to or address
R. R. RITCHIE. S. F. BOOTH.
funeral Ap«rt. Gen 1 Agent Pass'r Depc_
CUcago & North- Western Ry. L'ni. a Pacific R. K.
6 1 7 Market St. No. 1 Montgomery St.
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
a PICTO» X>>
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Train* leave and are due to arrive at
SAX KKANCISCO.
<M«ln Line. Foot of Market Strett )
Litri — Fkox Sjptmbu 2. 1903. — aiiiti
: 7.00a Benlcla. Sulaua, Klmiraand Sacra-
taento 7-ZSr
7.00a VacmTtlle. Winters. Ramsey 7 .25*
7-30* liartlnex. Bun Ramon, Vtllejo,
Napa, Calistotr*, Santa Koia S25p
7.30a Hlles, Llrermore. Lathrop. Stoclc-
. ton 7.25p
800* Paris. Woodland. KeIzqu Landtag.
\ MirysTi:ie. OrovKle. (connect!
at MArjrtvllle for Urldley, lilgz*
and Chlco) -.... 7.53p
8.00a Atlantic Expreis— Ogden »nd Ea«. 10.25 a
8 00* Port Costa, Marttnez. Antloeb. Bf-
ron.Tracy.Stoc ktoD.Sacramenta,
Los Banos, Mendota, Uanford,
Vlsftlla, Portenrllle 4.23»
8.00a Port Coita. Martinez. Tracy. Lnia-
rop. Modesto, Mrrced, Fresno,
Oosben Junction, Ilaaford, VI-
salia, Bakerifleld 5.2SP
830* Shasta Express — Davis. Williams
(for Bartlett Springs). Willows,
tFruto. Ked Blu2. Portland 7.58r
8. 30* Nile], San Jose, LlTcrmore. Stock-
ton.Ione. Sacramento. I'lserrv Me,
MarysTllle. Calco. Red Blaff 4.2Sr
8.30a Oakdale. Chinece, Jamestown. So-
nora. Tuolumne and Angels 4 25p
9.00* Manlnez and Way Stations B.5Sr
10.00a Vallejo_ 12.25*
10.00a El Paso Passenger. JSastbound.—
Povt Costa, Martinez. Byron,
Tracy, Lathrop, Stockton,
M«rced. Raymond. Fre»no. Haa-
fcrd. VlsalU. Bakersfleld. Los
Atifcelea and El Paso. (West-,
bound arrive* via Oast Line)... «1-30v
10 00* The Overland Limited — Ogden.
Denver. Omaha. Chicago. 82Sp
12 00* Hayward. Nllesand Way Sutlons. 3 25r
ti.OOr Sacramento River Steamers til.QO?
3»30r Benlcia, Winters. Sacramento,
Woodland. Williams. Colun*. Wil-
lows, Knights Landing. Marys-
vllle, Orovllleand way station*.. 1055 a
3.30f> Hayward. Klle» and W*r Stations.. 7 55r
400r Marttnex.SanlUmon.ValSeJo.N'apa,
Call* toga. Santa Rota 925*
4.00r Marttnez. Tr»cy.L«throp.Stock:on. 1025a
4 OOp N'lles. Llvennore. Sto.-kton. I.')<11.. 425?
430r Hayward. NUes, Irvinston, San I t8.55*
Jose. Ltvrrmore (211.55a
5-OOf The Owl Limited — Fresno. Tulare,
BakersQeld. Loa Anxelea H 35a
BOOr Port Coata, Tracy, Stockton. Loa
Banos 12 25*
t5 30r Hayward, Nile* and San Jos« 7. 25*
6.00p Hayward, Nllesand San Jose 10 25a
8-OOp Oriental Mall— Ogden. Denver,
Omaha. St. Louis. Chicago and
East. Port Costa, Benlcla. Sui-
aun. Klmlrm Davis. Sacramento,
Koeklln. Aubi»-n. Colfax.
Trucker. Boca, ltano. Wads-
worth. Wlnnemacca, BttUo
Mountain. Kllso 4-2Sp
b.. Reno. Trockee, Sacramento, Davis.
Snisun. Benlcta. Port Costa 7-55 a
B.OOf Vallelo, dally, except Sunday.... * 7 CR»
700f Vallelo. Sunday only f ••***
7.0Qr San Pablo. Port Costa. MarUnes
and Way Stations 11-2&A
8-CSp Oregon A C»i! f urnla Express— Sac-
ramento, MarysvUlf. Redding,
Portland. PagetSoocd and East. 855 a
9.10p Hayward. Nile* and San Jose (Sua-
day only) 1153*
11.25r Part Costa. Tracy. Lathrop. Mo-
desto, Merced, Raymond (to To-
semlte). Fresno. lUnford. VI-
salla. Bakerafleld 12 23?
COAST LINE (."Harrow tiaat*).
(Foot of Market Street.)
745a Santa Cruz Excursion /Sunday
only) t-10»
8-1 5a Newark. Centervllle. Saa Joae.
Felton. Boulder Creek. Santa
Crux and Way Station* B-2a>
t2.15r Newark. CentenrlUe, San Joi«,
New AIm.vlen. Los GatocFelton.
Bonlder Creek. Santa Crm and
Principal Way Stations 1063a
4-15f Newark. San Jose. Los Oatos and
way stations (on Saturday and
Sunday runa through to Santa
Cruz; Monday only from Santa
Cruz). Connects at Felton to
•ad from Boulder Creek t3-Sa *.
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN JKKAhClXJO, tooc of Market St. (Sllpt)
— T7:15 >:00 11:00 a.m. 1.00 300 6 1ar.»
From OAKLAND, took of Broadway — «:0B «:0»
t8:03 10: 00 a.m. 1200 200 4 0O F.M.
COAST LINE <Brom* tiaixe).
X3T (third and fown*end Streets.)
6.10a Stn Jos&and Way Stations ISOf
17.00a San Jose and Way SUtions 6-387
7.15a Monterey and Santa Crux Excur-
sion (Sunday only) 8.3OP
B-00a Kew Almaden (Tuea.. Frld.. only), 4.10'
• 00* Cosat Line Limited — Stop* only San
Jote, Gllroy (connection for Hol-
lis ter), Pajaro. Cantroville, Sa-
linas. San A rdo. Paso Robles, •
SanuMarsartta, San Lull Obispo,
Guadalupe. Surf (connection for
Lompoc), Santa Barbara, Saugus
and Los Angeles. Connection at
Caatrovtlla to and from Monterey
and Pacific Grove 10-43*
8.00* San Jo*e. Tres Finos, Cspltola,
8antaCruz,Pac!flcGrove,SaJlnML
8an Luis Obltpo and Principal
Intermediate Stations..... 4.10*
t0. 30.* 8an Joie and Way Station* 1.20V
11.00a Cemetery Pa«*eacer — South Saa
Francisco. San Bruno 1.05r
11.30a Santa Clara, Saa Joae. Lo* Gato*
and Way Stations 7.30r
ai.30 Ban Joie and Way Stations ...V... X700P
2.C0p San Joie and Way Station* 59 40a
2.30r Cemetery p»»senser — Souta Saa
Francisco. San Bruno 4. 35*
t3.00r Del Monte Expreaa— Santa Clara.
San Jute, Del Monte. Moaterey.
Pacinc Grove (connects at Santa
Clara for Santa Crux. Boulder
Creek and Narrow Gauge Points) t12-1Sr
J-IO? Pacific Grove and Way .Station*—
Hurllnsmme.San Mateo. lied wood,
MenloPark. Palo Alto Mayfleld,
Mountain View. Lawrence. Santa
Clara. San Jose, (Gtlroy. Hollt*-
ter. Tres Flnoa). Pajaro, Wataon-
vllle. Capltola, Santa Cruz*. Cas-
trovllle. Salinas 10-45*.
4-30P San Jote and Way Stattom 8 33*
b-COr Stn Jote. (Tt* Santa Clara) Lot
Gato*, Wright and Principal Way
Stations (except Snnrlay) 9.00a
SS-SOr San Jo*e and Principal Way Station* t8.0&A
tS-16r San Mateo. B«re*ford.BelmoBt.Saa
Carloa. Kedwood. Fair Oak*.
MenloPark. Palo Alto t9.45r
6-3Cr 8an Jote and Way Sutlons. 6 33*
7 CCp Sunset Limited. Eaatbound.— Saa
Lai* Obttpo. Santa Barbara, Lot
Angeles, bemlng. El Paso. New
Orleans. New York. (Westbound
anrive* vl»SMOjus<|UlaVaIley)... v8 25*.
B.OOr Palo Alto and Way Station* 10.15a
11.301" South San Francisco, umbrae.'
Burllasame, San Mateo, Bel-
mont, San Carlos, Kedwood, ..... >
Fair Oaks, Menlo Park. Ptlo ¦
Alto. Mayfleld. Mountain View. **¦*»*
Sunnyvale. Lawrence, Santa
Clara and San Joae j
A for Morning. P for Afternoon. ?
X Saturday and Sunday only. J Sunday only.
i Stops at all stations on Sunday.
- t Snnday excepted. a Saturday only.
* V la Coatt Line. it Via Mir. Joaquta VaUty.
bRsno train eastbound dtucontlnnedt
' sssT" Only train* (topping* at Valencia St. nouthhound
ajTS:10A.M..n:OOA.*..K:U)A.M..2:30l-.)l.aiia»:30p.«.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leave fit hualito ivn Arrive
SsuaFraa. Unit at lUrkt S, | Saa Fran.
Week Sun- B 'i'iM a . Sun- We**
»:43a 8:OOa K^flSJ^q *<:OOn t*:15»
l:45p »:OOa VSOSfiySEJAy 13:*0r3:3i>*
S:tSr 10:00a WSfc>*2y 3:3Or 5:50*
11:30a \?SlS2V 4:3.1 >
«_«^. l:SOp J \SSt^ fi-l.W
UttrrUj* wly. iot* Tmvm T 8:3Op,»jtit*U. ll:3O*>
nCUT I S» Majuutt St_ I North Shore RailnMMsJ.
HUflB I sad Saosalito Fsuy. FooC Marian 9-
KATT.WAY TEAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN Hi. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO ANti HORTH PACIFIC
EAILWAT COMPACT.
Tiburon Terry, Foot or Market St.
SAN rSAITCXSCO TO SAN BAFAMi.
"WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 8:00. 6:00. J1:00 a. m. :
12:35. 2:30. 3:40. 5:10. 5:60, 0:30 and 11:30
p. m. .
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:80 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:30. 8:0O. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30.
2:30. 3:40. 8:10. 6:30. 11:30 p. m.
SAN BAFAEL 7O SAX} FBAHCXSCO.
"WEEK DAYS— «:05, C:50. 7:35, 7:50, 8:20.
11:15 a. m.; 12:50. •2:00. 3:40. 5:00. 5:20.
6:25 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:43 n. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:50. 7:35. 0:20. 11:15 a. m.; 1:43.
3:40, 4:50. 5:00, 5:20. 6:10, 6:25 p. m,
•Except Saturdays.
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
Ean Franclgco.l May 3. 1003. (San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I Destlna- I Sun- I Week
Dayg. I days. | tlon. | days. [ Days.
7:30 a 7 *45 & 7*45 a
7:30 al 8:00 a 8:40 a 8:10 a
8:00 a 9:30 a Ignacio. 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:30 p 2:30 p 6:00 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 6:10 p 6:20 p 7:23 p
! 7:25 p
7:30 a 7:30 a 7:45 a 7:45 a
8:OOa S:O0a Novato. 10:20a 10:20 a
2:30 p 9:30 a PeUIuma. 6:20 p 6:20 d
6:10 p 2:30 p and 7:25 p 7:23 p
5:10 p Santa Rosa, f
7:30a 7:X0a ~~ 10:20a 10:20a
8:00 a 8:00 a Fulton. 7:25p 6:20 o
2:30 p 2:30 p { 7:25p
I | Windsor. I
7:30 a| 7:30 a) Healdsburr. 110:20 a 10:20 a
I J Lytton. f |
2:30 pi 2:30 p| Geyserville. J7:23p 7:25 p
1 | Cloverdale. f
7:30 al 7:30 al Hopland 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| and Uklah. | 7:23 p| 7:25 p
7:30 a| 7:30 a| Wllllts. | 7:25 p| 7:25 p
8:00 al 8:00 al Camp Vacation. 110:20 a]10:20 a
2:30p|2:30p| Guemevllle. | 7:23 p| 8:20 p
8:00a| 8:0Oa| Sonoma. I 8:40a[ 8:40 % '•
5:10 p| 5:10 p| Glen Ellen. | 6:00 p| 6:20 p ;
7:30 al 7:30 al ]10:2O a|lO:2O a i
2:30 p| 2:30 p| Sebastopol. I 7:25 p| 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for Saa
Quentln; at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur '¦
8prtngs; at Fulton for Altrurla and Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey- I
eervlllu for Skagss Springs: at Cloverdalo for
the Geysers, Boonevllle and Greenwood- at
Hopland for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs
KelseyvlUe, Carlsbad Springs, Soda B«y, I,akel
pert and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs, Upper Lake. Pomo
Potter Valley. John Day's. Riverside, Llerly*s"
Bucknell's. Sanhedrln Heights, HullvlUe. Ori*«
Hot Springs. Halfway House. Comptche. Camn
Stevens, Hopkins. Mendoclno City. Fort Bra«^-
Westport. Usal; at WiUlts for Fort Bragg
Westport. Sherwood, Cahto. Covello, Laytonl
vllle. Cummlngf. Bell's Springs. Harris oi-
sen's. Dyer, Garbervllle. Pepperwood. Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at
reduced rates.
. On Sunday — Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. 650 Market street. Cbronlcls
building.
H. C. WAITING. R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. , Gen. Pass. Agrt.
CALIFORNIA V
LIMITED TO CHICAGO
lesves Mondays tad Tonrsdajri st ». JO ».m.
Through in S dtyi with Dintrs tad til trappings.
Our other trains go tt
7:30am \ tor Stockton, Fresno,
1:30*1* [¦ Bakersfield. Merced.
1:00PM ) Hanford. VissUla. '
4:00PM for Stockton.
I:OQfm for Kansas City and Chicasro.
Office. 641 Market St., and la Ferry
Depot; 1112 Broadway. Oakland.
* Trains leave Market Street Firry.
TO SAN RAFAEL,
HSANQUENTIN, ;
MILL VALLEY*
CAZADfeRO,ETC.
via Sausalito Ferry
WEEK DATS— (Holidays excepttd)— 8:45.
t»7:45, S:45. «:«. 11 a. m., 12:20. *I:45. 3:15.
4:15. }5:15. *$:\h. 0:45. J), 11:45 p. m. '._ .
7:45 a. m. train week days does not run to
Mill Valley.
SUNDAYS AND LEGAL. HOLIDAYS— 7.
t8, t*9. t'10. 11. tll:30 a. m., tl2:30, t»l:30.
2:35, »3:50 f 5. «, 7:30, 9. 11:45 p. m.
Trains marked (*) run to Ban Quentln.
Those marked (t) to Fairfax, except 5:15 p. m.
Saturdays. On Saturdays the 3:15 p. m. train
runs to Fairfax. ,
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
— Week days— 5:25. tt>:25, 7:40, 8:15, +U :Xi.
11:05 a. m., 12:30, 2:20, J3:45. 4:50, 5:30. 6:43.
10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:15. 7:35. tS:10. 9:40. 110:55.
111:45 a. m., 12:80. 2:30. J3:25. 4:40. J5:50.
6:55. 7:35. 10:20 d. m.
Trains marked, (t) start from San Quenti/i.
FROM MILL/ VALLEY TO SAN FRAN-
CISCO — Week aays^ — 5:45. 6:40. 7:4TT, »:25,
9:45, 11:10 a. m., 12:40, 2:45, 4:15, 5:10, 7:05.
10:40 p. .m.
SUNDAYS— 6:35. 7:55, 10, 11:10 a. m.. 12:05
1:05. 2:40. 3:45, 4:55. 0:05. 7:10. 10:40 p. m. '
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a. m., week days — Cazadero* and way
stations.
' 5:15 p. m.. week days (Saturdays excepted) —
Tomales and way stations.
3:15 p. m., Saturdays — Cazadero and way
stations.
Sundays and Legal Holidays — 8 a. m., Caza-
dero and way stations.-
Sundays and Legal Holidays — 1O a. m.. Point
Reyes and way stations. I
TICKET OFFICE— <C8 Market tX. ,
FERRY— Foot ot Market it , JTIBURON, Sept 17.-There was little
outward. evidence here to-day to suggest
that a strike was In progress on the Cali
fornia Northwestern .; road. It was pay
day with the company and at 8 a. m. Pay
master Doyle commenced to pay off the
men in the car shops. He had just com
pleted the pay roll when the boat leaving
San Francisco at 9 o'clock arrived in the
ferry -slip. This was the signal for the
Locomotive Firemen Take Places of
Strikers on Boats.
MEN QTJIET AT TIBURON.
The court did. not touch the question of
the validity of the trust clause in the will.
The Supreme Court decided yesterday
that the executors of the will of Amasa
P. Willey erred in making a partial dis
tribution of the estate before they re
ceived legal authority to do so. Willey
stipulated In his will that certain sums
should be paid to the various heirs at
stated periods. The executors made some
of these payments, to the amount of $1673,
and combined these items with uncontest
ed expenditures, requesting that they be
given credit for the full amount.
T. J. Lyons, and Louisa Muirhead, as
executor and executrix, respectively, of
the estate of one of the heirs, objected to
the partial distribution and were sus
tained by the Superior Court. Appeal was
made to the higher tribunal and the de
cision of the lower co»rt was affirmed.
This means that, the executors will have
to stand the loss of $1675.
Supreme Court Holds Executors of
Amasa Willey Will Be Respon
sible for $1675.
PARTIAL DISTRIBUTION
WILL PROVE EXPENSIVE
men to quit and all the carpenters, paint
ers, mechanics and others in the shops
left their work' and met . the deckhands
and marine firemen of the Tiburon, who
had also Quit. Three cheers were given
and the crowd dispersed.
Upon the arrival of the upcountry pas
senger train from Ukiah there was no
one to fire the Tiburon. F. Brown, loco
motive fireman, who ha.i made the run
from Ukiah, over 100 miles, left his engine
and faced the furnace on the ferryboat.
The boat left Tiburon short-handed, but
made the run on time. The Tiburon
made all morning trips and at 2:25 the
Donohue left with a non-union fireman.
The members of the Tiburon branch No.
86 met in Foresters' Hall. J. Everett,
manager, and J. Una, secretary, together
with the executive committee, composed
of O. G. Brockmlller, H. Hackett, H.
Spencer, George Kindon and J. Tilman,
were present. A committee was appcJnt
ed to interview men not out. At 3 o'clock
this afternoon about twenty laborers
working in the coal bunkers were Induced
to quit. Six carpenters In the shops re
mained at work all day under the protec
tion of Deputy Sheriffs Lucas and
Hughes.
To-night everything is quiet. The union
men are having a meeting and develop
ments are looked for to-morrow. To-night
the company has workmen to take the
places of many of the strikers to-morrcw.
Sheriff Taylor and six deputies arrived
on the scene at 11 o'clock and together
with the company's detectives patrolled
the wharf, car shops and other property
belonging to the road. There was no at
tempt on the Dart of any union man to
commit violence and none was boisterous.
Yesterday the boats and trains of the
California Northwestern Railroad were
running as usual and it was announced
by the company's officials that they feared
no further interruption. .
"Mr. J. K. Brassll. Master Mechanic — Dear
Sir: We have information to the effect that
you have recently discriminated against one
of the employes In your department, Mr. A.
D. McDonald, because of his membership In
the U. B. of R. E. This is Inconsiatent with
the policy of this company. Its assurances to
Us employes have been such that we cannot
approve of your course in this connection.
"We direct that you win not again allow
yourself to be Influenced by any such consid
• eratlons. However. Inasmuch as Mr. McDon
ald. Instead of reporting his grievances to the
proper official of the company, has seen fit to
Ignore the proper channel of communication;
but. on the contrary, has sought redrcs by
methods which violate the spirit that uiould
exist between employer and employe, we direct
that you discharge Mr. McDonald and inform
him of the attitude of the company, and that
the discharge is In no way due to his mem
bership in any union. Tours truly.
(Signed) ' "H. C. WHITING,"
- ¦• "General Manager."'
It will thus appear that the company has
kept Its assurance to its employes, that no em
ploye would be discriminated against on ac
count of membership in a union. Upon the
discharge of said employe he again failed to
make appeal to the company, but sought re
dress through people ; who . were not in the
employ of the company. Under these circum
stances the ¦ company, pursuant to lta policy,
declined to entertain an appeal. By the cir
cular letter' of . the company addressed to all
employes, including one. discharged, we had
invited all employes who had grievances to
make their appeal to the company direct. Our
purpose in sending, this communication is to
follow the consistent policy ¦ of .the company
to take its employes into Its confidence and
cultivate with them the most harmonious rela
tions possible. Yours truly.
H. C. WHITING. General Manager.
Approved: A. W. FOSTER. President.
learn that certain employes of the company
have struck on the ground that the company
refused to reinstate an employe who has been
discharged for cause which appeared to Jt
good and sufficient. • While we do not or
dinarily believe in taking notice of current
reports or publishing correspondence between
the company and its officials, yet. In justice
to all concerned, we make an exception in thid
case. On the 11th day of September we were
notified by certain parties having no connec
tion with the company that an employe had
been refused promotion because of his mem
bership in a union. We find upon an In
vestigation that this employe. Instead of mak
ing complaint of the facts to the company,
appealed to outside parties and had them pre
sent his grievance to the company; thereupon
the company wrote the following letter:
"SAN FRANCISCO. Cal.. Sept. 11. 1003.
A bath costs 3c if you use an instanta
neous water heater from the San Fran
cisco Gas and Electric Company. •
LEONG SING BUYS
A FALSE CERTIFICATE
HEALTH BOARD PROTESTS.
to a White Man Called
Frank,
Confesses That He Paid Ten Dollars
An old Chinese fisherman, almost blind,
one of the batch of twenty-one
which arrived on the Alaskan can
nery fleet recently and who ' was
arrested for being illegally • in the
country, was ordered deported yesterday
by United States Court Commissioner
Heacock. His name is Leong Sing and
.the certificate of residence which he pro
duced was In the name of Jeong Toy,
signed by O. M. Welburn, Collector of In
ternal Revenue, and dated May 3, 1894.
The photograph of Jeong Toy had been
removed and that of Leong Sing substi
tuted. In order to do this it was neces
sary to make a forged seal or that por
tion of the seal pressed upon the photo
graph. Leong frankly confessed that ha
had paid $10 for the certificate to a white
man called Frank.
Over the Mountains.
On the excursion to Wllllts next Sunday,
September 20, those who participate will have
an -opportunity to view one of the grandest
sights In California. Beyond Ukiah the road
runs through the valley for about ten miles
and then it commences to climb the mountain
range, the distance to the summit being seven
and one-half miles. As you go higher and
higher the country keeps opening out until you
have a view of miles and miles of valley, for
ests ann mountains. "Willlts Valley lies Just on
the other side and from the summit you de
scend into it. Willlts is the terminus of the
road and in the midst of the redwood country.
Mendoclno County lies at the doors of Ban
Francisco and this trip will afford our people
an opportunity to get an excellent idea of the
immensity, beauty and grandeur of that county.
Fare for the round trip, $3. Leaves Tiburon
Ferry, foot of Market St.. 7:30 a. m.: leave
Willlts 4 p. m. Tickets on sale at 650 Market
st. (Chronicle building) and at Tiburon F«rry. •
Declares That Civil Service Commis
sion Ignores Ruling.
The Health Board met yesterday and
ordered a communication sent to the Civil
Service Commission notifying that body
that it will continue to appoint and em
ploy certain temporary appointees until
the commission certifies more than one
name from the eligible list for each posi
tion. Notwithstanding the opinion of the
City Attorney that the names "of more
than one eligible must be certified for po
sitions, the Civil Service Commission per
sists in certifying only one name, and the
Health Board holds that this action
makes the commission virtually the ap
pointing .power.
The owner of the premises at 809 Stock
ton street was given thirty days to put
them In sanitary condition. Health Officer
O'Brien said he was opposed to granting
time to put buildings in sanitary condi
tion without first vacating them. It was
explained that the Chinese boycotted
buildings that were vacated and the own
ers were obliged to pay the tenants to
return.
Arrested on an Old Warrant
Mrs. Mamie Foley was arrested yester
day by Policeman Engel on a warrant
issued by Police Judge Cabanlss on Sep
tember 15, 1902, charging her with grand
larceny. The complaining witness is C. I*
Demlng, a money lender, who alleges that
he advanced Mrs. Foley money on a pi
ano which had not been paid for.
Buy your watches at Lundy's, 4 Third
street and 752 Market street. > •
Citizens Should Register.
The registration office 'wllL.be open for
business on Monday, Tuesday and < Wed
nesday evenings of next week ; in order
that those who have not registered . may
be given an opportunity to do so. Regis
tration for the coming election closes next
Wednesday night. •• ' . ¦
TO CLEAR STEUART STREET.
Board of Works to Investigate Mat
ter of Encroachments.
The Street Committee yesterday referred
to the Board of Works for investigation
the communication from the Harbor Com
mission -asking for co-operation in the
matter of removing encroachments on
Steuari street.
The committee referred to the Board of
Works for investigation and report the
proposed amendment to the ordinance
prescribing specifications for street and
sidewalk work, so that no cobblestone
pavement shall hereafter be laid on any
street whose gradient is less than 20 per
cent, no brick pavement on any street
whose gradient exceeds 12 per cent and
no basalt block pavement on any street
Whose gradient exceeds 20 per cent
Satisfied customers tell of our good work.
My-bell-Rollins, 22 Clay, printers and binders. •
T. Brooks and John McCormick were
arrested early yesterday morning by
Lieutenant Duke and Patrolman Gwynne
of the Harbor station and their names
were entered on the detinue book at the
City Prison pending an investigation of
their antecedents.
About 11 o'clock Wednesday night Miss
Mattie Jones, a roomer In the Dewey
House, 82 East street, was sitting in the
office and was startled to hear two men
discussing the advisability of breaking
open the safe after midnight. She was
obscured by the counter and neither of
the men knew that their conversation
was being overheard. One of the fellows
remarked that the window was too Email
to crawl through, but the other main
tained that there would be no difficulty.
Becoming alarmed Miss Jones coughed
and the conversation was abruptly ended.
Shortly afterward the men engaged a
room for the night. As the clerk was
passing the door leading to their room he
was surprised to hear the clicking of a
pistol. The police were immediately noti
fied and Lieutenant Duke and Patrolman
Gywnne responded to the call. The room
was entered and the fellows were taken
into custody. Secreted In the bed was a
revolver. The men in custody are un
known to the police and their records will
be investigated.
Advisability of Blowing Open
Strong Box.
Two Men, Arrested by Police, Discuss
WOMAN OVERHEARS PLANS
OF SUPPOSED SAFE CRACKERS
Curtis called attention to the fact that
there are twenty-one tracks crossing
Fourth street at Townsend, and yet heavy
teams are passing thereon constantly
every day. He said the overhead bridges
Charles Wesley Reed, representing prop
erty owners who protested against too
many tracks crossing Sixteenth street,
called attention to the fact that under
the terms rf the proposed franchise the
company would be enabled to have twenty
tracks crossing Sixteenth street between
Pennsylvania avenue and Kentucky
street, although it appeared to be the
manifest intention of the board under the
original ordinance to limit the number of
tracks to twelve. Reed said that other
sections of the ordinance and other or
dinances heretofore passed already pro
vided for eight tracks on Sixteenth street,
in addition to the twelve tracks specifical
ly allowed In the new franchise.
"I desire to call attention also to the
fact that when the streets in the vicinity
of Sixteenth were closed in 18D2 the city
did not waive any of its vested rights in
them," said Reed. "Yet in this franchise
it is proposed to give the Southern Pa
cific Company absolute control of these
streets for the next fifty years."
"The company agrees to be limited U
fiix tracks in addition to those alread5
provided for," said Supervisor Curtis.
"Well, if willing to cut it down to six,
why could the company not be cut down
to two?" asked Reed. "The point that I
wish to impress on this board is that
there is no other way to get to the water
front except by Sixteenth street. Is it
not right and fair that an open highway
favoring team traffic should be provided
by this board V
PEOTXSTAMTS ABE HEARD.
Section 6. The said company shall, at any
tiin* when required by resolution of the Board
of Supervisors, station flagmen and erect and
maintain pates at such street crossings as may
fc- designated by said Board of Supervisors,
and taid company shall not allow any car or
locomotive to stand upon any street or street
crossing on or over which a franchise is grant
ca by the provisions of this ordinance at any
tirje day or nisrht. and that no freight shall
l*> received or discharged from any car while
upon caid streets or street crossings. It being
the express understanding that this franchise
i* granted for the purpO6e of moving cars along
and across paid streets to reach certain points,
and the right to use the streets or any portion
thereof for yard purposes Is absolutely pro
hibited.
The Board of Supervisors yesterday by
a unanimous vote passed to print the or
dinance providing- for a grant of franchise
for a period of fifty years to the Southern
Pacific Company for its bay shore line.
The original ordinance was amended so
That the company shall be limited to the
laying of six tracks across Sixteenth
street. As the company has already the
privilege to maintain eight tracks it will
have fourteen in all. '
The franchise carries with it the widen
ing of Sixteenth street by ten feet, and
the board also referred to the Board of
Works at Supervisor Brandenstein's sug
gestion the doing away with the sidewalks
on both sides of Sixteenth street, between
Seventh and Kentucky, thus further wid
ening the street by thirty feet additional.
An additional amendment was also in
corporated in the ordinance as follows:
Ordinance Covering Petition of San
ta Fe System for Steam Line
Privilege Is Referred to
Committee.
The highwayman did not point the
weapon at Nolen, but simply said, "I
am sorry, my friend, but I am afraid
that I will have to trouble you for some
money. I have just enough to take me
over to Oakland, but I need some more,
so you will oblige me greatly if you will
hand over your coin."
Nolen by this time had recovered his
self-possession and he informed the high
wayman that he had only 10 cents In his
pocket, Just enough to take him home.
The robber did not believe this and be
gan to argue, when suddenly a man was
seen comlne: down the road.
Then, according to Nolen's statement,
the robber said, "Well, I guess I will
have to bid you good-night." With that
he turned and ran In the opposite direc
tion and disappeared in the darkness.
Nolen does not know who the other man
was, but thinks he was one of the em
ployes at the life saving station.
Nolen then proceeded on his way to
ward the Beach Tavern, but before he
had gone a hundred feet he met a woman
and a little girl. The woman appeared
to be greatly excited and she ran up to
Nolen, saying, "Don't go this way. I have
just been held up. I did not have any
money, but the highwayman frightened"
me awfully."
Nolen says that he continued on his
way and that the woman and little girl
went in the opposite direction. He says
that he did not ask the woman her name
and the police authorities have not heard
from h«r.
Nolen went to the park station and re
ported the hold-up there. Officers Rey
nolds and Bonner were detailed on the
case, but they were unable to find any
clew that might, lead to the Identity of
the highwayman.
The bold highwayman who has been
operating in various sections of the city
for several weeks was heard from again
last night. He held up a man and a wom
an in close succession near the automobile
road on the park boulevard, but for the
first time since he began to ply his trad©
he received nothing for his pains.
Shortly after S o'clock W. O. Nolen, a
waiter residing at 127 Hyde street, was
walking along the boulevard with his
6-year-old boy. As he neared the automo
bile road he was startled to see a man
spring out of the brush by the roadside
and advance to within a few feet of him,
pistol in hand.
To the Employes of the California North
western Railway Company — Gentlemen: Since
our circular letter to you of August 4, 1903,
certain matters have transpired which we
deem it desirable to bring to your attention,
so that you may not be misled by inaccurate
reports. At the moment of this writing we
Yesterday General Manager Whiting is
sued the following circular, which clear
ly explains the situation so far as the
company is concerned, and especially as
to relations with its employes:
September 17. 1903.
"We will not recede a step from our posi
tion. While I am willing to admit that the
strike has caused some inconvenience, it will
not materially affect the operation of trains
and boats, which are running aa usual. Our
shops may have to be closed for some time,
but our stock Is in pretty good shape, and if
the public Is satisfied to travel in a car that
needs a little new paint or a few other re
pairs, we will not suffer any interrupti«i In
our traffic arrangements.
FOSTER WILL NOT RECEDE.
Our company long ago took the stand that
it Is none of its affair if its employes become
members of unions or other organizations, but
it refuses to recognize the latter in matters
pertaining to the management of the road or
the conduct of the employes. When a man
has a grievance we regard It as a matter that
can be readily settled between the individual
and the executive officers of the road. Had
McDonald carried his case to this office it prob
ably would have been settled in a manner eat
lsfactory to himself, for as I have specifically
set forth in a letter to Master Mechanic Bras
sll. who acted in an Indiscreet way, he had
no right to discriminate against a man be
cause he happened to belong to a union. In
stead of presenting his troubles to the offi
cials of the company McDonald carried them
to an organization entirely foreign to the roatl.
That reason, and only that reason, waa re
sponsible for the order of his discharge issued
by me. . . .
The strike followed. The brotherhood
in explaining its ground for yesterday's
walkout sets forth that recently one of
JtB members, A. D. McDonald, a night
watchman employed at the company's
yards at Tiburon, was promised promo
tion to a position of fireman on the
steamer James M. Donahue by Master
Mechanic Brazil, and from the latter
he received a letter recommendlne him
for the place. Noting that McDonald
wore a badge of the brotherhood. It is
charged that Brassll withdrew his let
ter, remarking that he would not recom
mend for promotion a man who belonged
to the organization. McDonald reported
the matter to the officers of the rgani
zatlon, who proceeded to take the ques
tion up to General Manager Whiting, and
this move was followed by the discharge
of McDonald. Efforts to have the watch
man reinstated failed and a strike was
decided on. In reviewing the situation
yesterday President Foster said that It
was true that Brassil had revoked his
letter of recommendation because he had
discovered that McDonald was a member
of the brotherhood, but the master me
chanic had acted without- authorization
from the officials of the road.
MASTER, MECHANIC REBUKED.
When President Foster learned of the
action of his master mechanic he prompt
ly rebuked that official in a letter In
which, however, he ordered the discharge
of McDonald because the latter had in
voked the aid of outside Influences in
an effort to regain his position Instead
of bringing his grievance before the prop
er officials of the road. Continuing the
discussion of the affair. President Foster
said:
GROWS OUT OF DISMISSAL.
A long expected strike on the California
Northwestern Railway was Inaugurated
yesterday, morning, , when about 150 men
employed in the company's paint and car
penter shops at Tiburon and as deck
hands and freight handlers walked out.
When the steamer Tiburon reached her
berth on this side of the bay at 9:30
In the morning the deckhands went ashore
and simultaneously the freight handlers
abandoned their trucks and the men in
trie shops across the bay quit work. Hav
ing prepared themselves for an emer
gency, the officials of the road soon had
another crew aboard the Tiburon and
traffic was resumed after a short delay.
The shops, however, may be closed for
some time, for the company admits that
it has made no attempt to replace the
men who have walked out and may not
do so for a time at least.
The trouble is the result of the refusal
of President A. W. Foster and General
Manager H. C. Whiting to recognize the
United Brotherhood of Railroad Em
ployes' demand for the reinstatement of
one of its members who .was recently
discharged. Wednesday a committee from
the organization waited on President
Foster and formally demanded that the
discharged man be placed back in his
old position at once. The meeting failed
in Its purposes in so far as the United
Brotherhood of Railroad Employes was
concerned, for, following a policy adopted,
by the company some . time ago to the
effect that It would not recognize any
labor organization in matters bearing
upon the relations between Itself and its
employes President Foster refused to
treat withv the committee and consequent
ly denied its members an answer to its
demands.
On recommendation of the Street Com
mittee, Supervisor Connor Introduced the
proposed ordinance providing for a grant
of franchise to the Atchison, Topeka and
Santa Fe Railway Company for a right of
way and the right to construct and ope
rate a steam railroad from a point on In
diana street, near Eighteenth, thence
along Mariposa, Seventh, Sixteenth,
Eighth and Fifteenth streets. The bill
was Introduced at the request o£ the rail
road company in order that the expira
tion of the period of ninety days required
by the charter before any franchise may
be finally passed will occur during the
administration of the present board. The
bill was then referred to the Street Com
mittee for further investigation.
A petition signed by the Moody Estate
Company, Abner Doble Company, J. B.
Coryell and the Standard Oil Company
was filed, asking that the application of
th<? Santa Fe Company be granted. |
The board N directed the Public Utilities
Committee to secure estimates of the
working expenses, interest and other ex
penses in the operation of the Geary
street road by the municipality and the
probable income to be derived from this
road, and to take such testimony as may
be necessary for the purpose.
SANTA FE FRANCHISE.
"I would suggest that the company in
crossing Sixteenth street use the 'grooved*
rail," said Renner.
Chief Engineer Hood of the Southern
Pacific Company agreed to put any rail
down on the street which the board
deemed to be the best for the purpose.
Renner favored the widening of Six
teenth street. Reed said his client wanted
the street widened by twenty feet, but
the company would widen it by ten feet
only.
At this point Burke stated that he was
authorized to announce that the Southern
Pacific Company would pay all claims for
damages resulting from changes of grades
along the route of the bay shore line upon
the final passage of the ordinance. The
damages will be assessed by City Engi
neer Grunsky. The ordinance will be
finally passed on December 21, 1903, un
der charter requirements.
George Renner, manager of the Dray
men's Association, argued that the ob
structions would be less with fourteen
tracks than with six, if the company
would agree to keep the roadway in good
condition.
"We have one double track crossing
Sixteenth street," said Burke, "and we
must Insist on twelve more tracks In or
der to handle our business. Two tracks
less will make our franchise valueless in
view of the concessions we have already
made. Ten tracks would result in more
obstructions by passing trains than
twelve tracks. The main track will cause
but little obstruction to teaming."
Reed asked that the company be limited
to twelve tracks in all on Sixteenth street
from Pennsylvania avenue to the waters
of the bay, exclusive of the tracks of the
Santa Fe system, of which the Southern
Pacific Company will have the joint use.
"We ask for twelve tracks in addition
to two already laid along Seventh street,
which will make fourteen tracks in all
crossing Sixteenth street," said Jere
Burke, for the Southern Pacific Company.
Reed persisted in his demand that the
tracks . be limited to twelve, but Burke
said the company had made all the con
cessions It could In the matter.
WANTS FEWER TRACKS.
would accommodate light traffic on Six
teenth street.
Deputy Gamble was in the office dur
ing a good part of the day and left the
Appraiser's building alone at 4:20 p. m.
Ever since The Call published that he had
made confession he has refused to answer
any Questions. His friends, of whom he
has many, still stand by him and will
back him to the end, notwithstanding
that he has yielded to temptation. He
can be indicted for no offense greater
than a misdemeanor, the maximum pun
ishment for which is one year's impris
onment in the County Jail or a fine.
The Federal Grand Jury will meet on
Tuesday and Friday of next week and
the case may be presented to them at
either session.
Nothing new was made public yesterday
In the matter of the Chinese substitution
case. United States District Attorney
Woodworth denies the report that Deputy
United States Marshal William P. Gam
ble will not be prosecuted because of his
confession implicating Chinese and white
men composing the substitution ring. On
the contrary, Woodworth declares that
Gamble will be prosecuted vigorously, as
his confession supplies all the links that
may be missing in the case and removed.
all possibility of a reasonable doubt in
his favor.
United States Marshal John H. Shine
would not answer questions as to whether
he had dismissed or suspended Deputy
Gamble.
"I have nothing to say," was his reply
to all interrogatories.
Fix the Limit cf Additional
Tracks Over Sixteenth
Street at Six.
Trouble Results From the
Dismissal' of a Member
of a Union.
W. O. Nolen Tells to Police
Tale of How He Was
Approached.
White Men Implicated With
Chinese in the Substi
tution Case.
Vote to Give Southern
Pacific Bay Shore
Right of Way.
He Will Be Prosecuted
to the Uttermost
Limit:
Employes of California
Northwestern Have
Quit Work.
Lone Highwayman Pails
to Get Booty for
His Pains.
SUPERVISORS
IN FAVOR OF
FRANCHISE
NO ESCAPE FOR
DEPUTY GAMBLE
RAILROAD MEN
OUT ON STRIKE
DOUBLE HOLD-UP
NEAR THE BEACH
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FBIDAY. SEPTEMBER IS, 1903.
14
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
WlKJpRE
With Itching, Burning, Scaly
, . Humours
Find Instant Relief and
Speedy Cure
!n Cuticura Soap and Guticura
Ointment
When All Other Remedies and
the Best Physicians Fail.
Instant relief and refreshing sleep for
ekin-tortured babies, and rest for tired,
fretted mothers, la warm baths with
Cutlcora Soap and gentle anointings
with Cntlcsni Ointment, the great skin
core, and purest of emollient*, to be
followed in seYere cases bj mUd doses
of Ccticora Resolvent. This is the
poreet, sweetest, most speedj, perma-
nent and economical treatment for tor-
taring, dlsfismring, Itching, burning,
bleeding, scaly, crusted and pimply
bkia and scalp humours, eczemas, rashes
and lrrlt&tions, with loss of hair, of
infants and children, as well as adults,
and is ssre to succeed when all other
remedies and physicians fail.
Millions of the world's best people
now use Cuticura Soap, assisted by
Cntlcrra Ointment, for preserving,
purifying and beautifying the skin,
for cleansing the scalp of crusts, scales
and dandruff, and the stopping of fail-
ing bair, for softening, whitening and
toothing red, roujrh and sore hands, as
well as for all the purposes of the
toilet, bath and nursery. Thousands
of women recommend Cuticura Soap,
assisted by Cuticura Ointment the great
skin cere, for annoying irritations,
chaflngs and weaknesses, or too free
or o&ensire perspiration, for nicer-
stive conditions, and for many sana-
tive, antiseptic purposes which readily
enggest themselves.
fold tfcrougliuu< fb» vnrM. Cnttesr* B**"i Tt *t.Kte. (\
fbrm «f Cfcoaoltt* <o«t»a TO*. *ic. pet rUl ef «"). On:
.iwat, COe. tbemp. Sic iirp'tii J/ondcn. V Ckulrrhmaa
;•* ; fvn%. t K,, 4* U btsi Ewfcm. 137 CoiamkH JkT*.
i later bnt «d Chetm. Corp, t-ol* rrapnMW
-T I— HfcrTrtwSfciaB— *"
ADVERTISEMENTS.
1 DOUBLE-BREASTED
I NEAR-SEAL
I JACKETS
1 With Australian Batter Collars and Bmrs.
W$/^ % $45.00
Tou'd nextr guess the worth of these
Jacktt* from the price. Equal elegance
never before went with garments at
$35. but we want you to know — as
thousands of your friends and neigh-
bors already do — that this is the place
to buy furs and «ave money. ¦ And this
is the quickest, surest way we know
to do it. There is nothing like better
values for making business friendships
(^_^IgPy _j <r% A/A I IvA'Pl^"
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Don't Rob Your Boy
Of his individuality by dressing him like every other young-
ster on the street. Our suits and overcoats for little and big
boys are entirely different from the common run of clothes.
They are attractive, stylish and serviceable; good as they
can possibly be made, and the prices will give your money
its biggest value.
if- ¦ ' • -
t Brown's . j|||
Buster
... Overcoat . IK-
Nothing prettier or smarter M W
ever made for little chaps 1! W
1^/2 to 8 years.
— ' di m c\r\
$Q.OO ¦ 5
/^^^^^^S^ Norfolk Suits In fancy
Sailor Blouse Suit, 3 to M™^W~*Wk cheviots 1 and tweeds.
Sill 4pP sl%-
if $|lg J||p
§i| ||| Made in stylish fabrics, and ml m
J) vS- prettiest colors — blue, navy if si
! |i blue, brown and tan. M§ Wk
$10 $3^0
Open Saturday
Long Pants Suits in _. . Two-Piece Suit, ages
rough. or smooth fabrics. IMlfiJIlt Until 8 to 15. All-wool serges,
Fetching, broad-should- 10 O'clock* fancy cheviots and cassi-
ered coats, for young * meres, pants lined
men 12 to 19. throughout.
YOUR MONEY'S WORTH, OR YOUR MONEY IS YOURS
OiiVf w I xi OI\vwiU VV
. WHOLESALE Mf If | Tn M A M R ETAILING
CLOTHIER5I 1I1L1LL U 1 llAn DIRECT TO YOU
516-518MARKET SD^HNRMl
I $.0,000.00
TO BE GIVEN AWAY
Just out! Our magnificent super-
hard, extra loud Columbia cylinder
records. A single sample absolutely
free to every talking machine user,
whether graphophone or phono-
graph. Give us type and make of
your machine and receive a sample
record absolutely free. This offer
good for 30 days only, to introduce
the new product.
Columbia Phonograph Go.
125 Geary Stresf, San Francises.
468 13th Street, Oakland.
If HcUktll't Cinlment accomplish** Mton- It
S ailing cures of skin diseases, after the mort I
j] powerful Internal remedies have failed, j
a After bathing the part w\ihJIei**eU'*Soap I
3 use HtitkeU'i Ointment ftnd it ?tll quickly I J
H remove all Blotched. Flmplw. Eruptions I
5fl and Seres. Cores Tetter. Krys1p*l*», Salt IJ
B Rheum. WcalJ Head. Itch. Ringworm*. |j
(§ TJlcent Piles, Barber's Jtcb : r«lleve« and J
9 heais Lurna and bcalda. Makes the tkla I]
Of sort and beautiful, iresertbed ly pby- II
U Btctajtiforlislfacenturr. At druggists 50c. j
n Senolor free boot cf ustrmoniAla. } It
|| J0D3ST0*, KOLLOTTAY * to., Phil«4.ljM«. ( j
CUTLERy
EVERY ELADEMRRANTED
Magi