CHAIRMAN AND CALIFORNIA
MEMBER OF IMPORTANT
HOUSE COMMITTEE.
PROMINENT CITIZEN OF THE NEW REPUBLIC OF PANAMA. WHO MAYBE ELECTED TO THE PRESIDEN
CY. AND THE ACTING CONSUL WHO HAS ENERGETICALLY CONDUCTED ALL NEGOTLVTIONS ON BE
i HALF OF THE UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT. *
BRITISH SEA CAPTAINS
TELL STORIES OF ATTACK
Report That About Twenty - Five
Spanish Vessels Fired On
Their Steamers.
FERROL, Spain. Nov. 12.— Two British
steamers arrived here to-day In a dam
aged condition and told a strange story
of being attacked by twenty-five Spanish
vessels, the crews of which threw stones
and fired at them and then took to flight.
Weds Son of Former Italian Premier.
. FLORENCE. Italy, Nov. 12.— Marquis
Carlo Mi Rudlni, son of the former Ital
ian Premier, and Miss Dora Labouchere,
daughter of Henry Labouchere, proprietor
and editor of the" London Truth,' ' were
married • here to-day. - ¦-> ~_»^' <
SAYS CUSHIONED CHAIRS
ARE NOT AIDS TO STUDY
President Schunaan of Cornell Uni
versity Advises Freshmen to Put
Aside Their Upholstery.
ITHACA. N. Y., Nov. 12.— In an address
before a mass-meeting of Cornell fresh
men to-day President J. G. Schurman
said that the model day of universities
ehould be divided as follows: Eleven
hcurs for study, two hours for meals, two
hours for athletics, one hour for recrea
tion and the remaining eight for sleep.
President Schurman also pave it as his
opinio* that a student could do harder
studying: and secure much better results
sitting on an ordinary wooden chair than
when sitting on cushioned chairs and
propped up by pillows. He earnestly ad
vteed new students to put aside their up
holstary. for jOaia, hard -sroooV - ' ,^j
As a matter of fact, he was, for the
Ernfllrtg noan had been selected by the
surgeon after nearly a week of search as
the owner of an ear that could supply the
place cf one which for some reason van
ished from the side of the head of a
Western man, now wealthy.
The man selected to-night Is a German,
*3 years of age, who lost the savings of
«. lifetime •while trying to manage a res
taurant. He would not reveal his name.
The contract is to be eigfced to-morrow
and the operation will be performed Tues
day.
KEXV YORK, Nov. 12.— Five men turned
disconsolately from the doors of Dr. A.
X,. Welden'B home to-night, while the
elxth. with a smile en his face, departed
holding his hand to the right side of nis
head, as if he were concealing something
valuable.
SELLS HIS RIGHT EAR,
TO A NEW YORK SURGEON
Dr. Welden Finally Selects the Man
Whc Will Draw Down S500O
Prize.
A little questioning elucidated his va
garies and he was promptly taken into
custody. After an examination by the
Board , of Police Surgeons Stetson was
committed temporarily to the Government
hospital for the insane pending commu
nication with his family.
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET. N.
W.. WASHINGTON, Nov. 12.— Clad like a
stage countryman, George Harvey Stet
son, a . farmer of Garrield, Rensselaer
County, New York, this morning sought
the President for the purpose of enlisting
his aid in the recovery of $3)0.000,000 which
had been devised to him, but. which had
been kept from him by dishonest relatives
of his benefactor. He also sought to ob
tain redress for indignities to which he
had been subjected. by these relatives, in.
eluding a bullet through the head and fif
teen years in a dungeon.
Stetson says he tramped his way from
Garileld to Albany and went- thence by
boat to New York, where he took a train
for Washington. He spent the night in a
mission, and this morning approached Po
liceman Boswell to inquire the way to the
White House.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Joins Long List of
White House
Cranks.
MAN WHO PERSONATED
GOELET TO BE ARRESTED
Brother of the Duchess of Roxburghe
Swears to Complaint Against
James Abeel.
NEW YORK, Nov. 12.— Formal com
plaint charging forgery was made to-day
against James Abeel by Robert Goelet,
the Duchess of Roxburghe's brother,
whom Abeel is said to have impersonated
in proposing marriage to Miss Eleanor
Anderson, telegraph operator at the
Grand Hotel in this city. Since the pub
licity given to the proposed wedding of
the pretended Goelet and the. denial of
Goelet that he knew Miss Anderson,
Abeel has disappeared.
Goelet went to the District Attorney's
office to-day and entered complaint against
Abeel, charging him with forging the
name of J. B. Van -Every, vice president
of the Western Union, to, a letter of in
troduction, by means of which Abeel be
came acquainted with Miss Anderson.
GRAND JURY WILL PROBE
, ALLEGED ELECTION FRAUDS
Circuit Judge in Hawaii Acts Upon
Charges Preferred by Home
Rule Party, au "J
HONOLULU, Nov. 12.— Judge George D.
Gear cf the Circuit Court, at the request
of the Home Rule party, has instructed
the . Territorial Grand Jury to hold an in
vestigation into :the reports of election
frauds, which, it is alleged, took the form
of repeating, voting, in the names of dead
or. absentee persons and perjury.
Fifty witnesses will , be called, among
them being the , election officers and the
leaders of the" political parties.
Death of Prof essor ; Friedlander.
BERLIN. Nov.' 12,— Professor Fried
lander - of the Liebnltz Berlin gymnasium
is dead, " . : ~r~ ¦- " ~~— '-—_
CRAZY MAN
ASKS TO SEE
ROOSEVELT
BERLIN, Nov. 12.— Seeing the great
pains Germany took in annoying the Eng
lish in every way during the late war, the
extraordinary bitterness now shown at
the British refusal to let German troops
through their territory, scarcely seems
reasonable. The staid Vossiche Zeltung
to-night acrimoniously says:
"Germany does not need to land her
troops at Port Nolloth. Friendly and
spontaneous assistance from theCapeGov
ernment no man in this country expects.
Who knows what difficulties .England is
preparing for us in our colonial terri
tory?"
A Swakopmund dispatch says that 300
men with five guns, under the command
of Colonel Fiedler, on the march from
Keetmanshoop, GIbon, Rehoboth and
Windhoek to Warmbad has been joined
by 113 of the Witboi Patrols and another
division of volunteers In the approaches
to Warmbad from Ukamas. The posi
tion of the enemy is unknown, ¦'.¦';
Special Cable to The ChII and New York Herald.
Copyright, UmM. by the New York Her
ald Publishing Company.
Press Declares That Friendly Aid
From English Government Should
Not Be Expected. .>• V-
GERMANY IS INDEPENDENT
OF BRITAIN'S ASSISTANCE
That whenever the President of the United
States shall receive satisfactory evidence that
the Republic of Cuba has made provision to
rive full effect to the articles of the convention
between the United States and the Republic of
Cuba, etened on the 11th day of December. l&Xi,
he la hereby authorized to issue his proclama
tion declaring that he has received euch evi
dence, and thereupon, on the tenth day after
exchange of ratifications of such convention be
tween the United States and the Republic of
Cuba, and «o long as the «aid convention ehall
remain in fore*, all articles of merchandise be
ing the product of the soil or Industry of the
Republic of Cuba which are now Imported into
the United States free of duty ehall continue to
be «o admitted free of duty, and all other arti
cles of merchandise being the product cf the
soil or Industry of the Republic of Cuba Im
ported into the United States shall be admitted
at a reduction of 20 per centum of the rates of
duties thereon, as provided by the tariff act of
the United States approved July 24. 1897, or as
may be provided by any tariff law of the United
TEXT OF CUBAN MEASURE.
Thayer of Massachusetts, rising to a
question of privilege, asked if a member
would be considered derelict In his duty
if he would go home to get in his win
ter's wood, with the understanding that
he would return when six or seven men
who, he said, constituted Congress, should
announce that something was to be done.
The Speaker suggested that the ques
tion hardly amounted to a faint assault
upon the dignity of a parliamentary In
quiry. Payne observed that he was about
to request unanimous consent that the
gentleman from Massachusetts be ex
cu&ed for the remainder of the session.
Payne the^n introduced the bill to make
effective the Cuban reciprocity conven
tion, which, without objection, was read
by title and referred to the Committee on
Ways and Means. Payne said a meeting
of the committee would be called to-mor
row and he hoped to report the bill to the
House to-morrow. ':••"*
Democrats— Williams of Mississippi,
Robertson of Louisiana, Swanson of Vir
ginia, McClellan of New York, Cooper of
Texas. Clark of Missouri.
Republicans— Payne of New York, Dal
zell of Pennsylvania, Grosvenor of Ohio.
Tawney of Minnesota, McCall of Massa
chusetts, Babcock of Wisconsin, Metcalf
of California. Hill of Connecticut, Bou
telle of Illinois, Watson of Indiana, Cur
tis of Kansas.
the House to-day introduced a
bill making the Cuban treaty effective
and had it referred to his committee. He
said that it could be reported, at once.
John Sharp Williams, the minority lead
er, gave indication that the Democrats in
tended to delay action. The bill is in a
form satisfactory to leaders of both
House and Senate and that section relat
ing to a possible reduction of duty "by
convention or treaty" during the time
the Cuban treaty Is in force is satisfac
tory to the House leaders, who insist that
it establishes the precedent that the Sen
ate cannot change tariff rates by treaty
without legislation by the House.
The Democrats will attempt to put on
a differential amendment, but whether
they can get enough Republicans to join
with them on this question Is still a mat
ter of doubt. William Alden Smith of
Michigan did not get the place he desired
on the Ways and Means Committee, but
it is not yet indicated that he will take
any action of reprisal by fighting Cuban
reciprocity. Friends of the administra
tion say that the only delay expected in
putting the treaty immediately into force
will be in the Senate, where the rules will
permit the minority to prolong the die
cuss-ion.
WAYS AND MEANS COMMITTEE.
When the House met to-day the Speaker
announced the Ways and Means Commit
tee as follows:
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G
STREET, N. W., WASHING
TON, Nov. 12. — Chairman
Payne of the newly appointed
Ways and Means Committee of
Special Dispatch to The Call
Measure Making the
Treaty Effective Is
Introduced.
"Why, we have $5 assets for every dol
lar we owe. Is not that correct?" he
asked, turning to Banker Barnard, who
replied, "Yes."
"I believe it." sheuted Dowie. "Do you
believe it?' htf yelled to his followers, who
all replied: "Yes."
"Well, then, if you believe it, and 1
know you do, you've got to do one thing.
On account of these lying reports many cf
you have been keeping your money out
of the Zion Bank. Now^-every one of
you, hear me; every one "ofHou—to-mor
row morning, the first thing you dd" when
you get up, dig^^/wn iii?6,your breeches
and get that" money and march up to the
Zion Bank and leave it there. If you
won't do that, you can clear out, every
one of you. That is the place for all of
your money, and it must be put there.
It is not your - money, anyway — it is
God's, and God demands that you put it
in trie Zion Bank. If I find any of you
holding oat your money you'll be made
to clear out at once."
Dowie "held up" his host at a praise
service which began last night and ended
this morning. He read reports about
Zion's financial condition and then ex
claimed:
WAUKEGAN. 111., Nov. 12.— John Alex
ander Dowie said to-day that he had re
ceived an offer of 30,000 acres of land for
nothing if he would build a Zion City in
California. He said he would do it.
Dowie spoke of his visit with President
Roosevelt and said that many important
matters of state were put aside to give
him an interview.
Special Dispatch. to The Call.
A few minutes before he was shot down
Nink was in the Brooklyn saloon, at the
corner of University street and Second
avenue, where he bought a drink. He re
marked to some men there:
••I am now a free man and can walk
the streets undisturbed. I got a divorce
to-day."
He had proceeded just a block from the
Brooklyn when he was shot. His wife.
Mary Louise Nink, lives In the East and
he had been married to her for thirty-one
years, tut had not lived with her for ten
according to the papers he filed fn the
Superior Court. The divorce was granted
last Eight. Nink has been attentive to
Mrs. Kierchncr. a rich widow, and it is
eaid he is engaged to h»r. She wi!l neither
eff.rra r.cr deny the report. Her near rela
tive* have epposed Kink's suit Nirk may
recover.
REMARK ABOUT DIVORCE.
Dr. Hoye and Dr. Johnson were sum
moned. Nink was conscious all the time.
though suffering from the shock. With
labored breath he denounced the man
v.ho shot him as a coward and an assas
sin, but declared he did not know who
From what could be gathered from
Kink's statement he was walking up Sec
ond aver.ue. and when near the-oorner of
Union street he was shot from behind
¦without a word of warning.
The men who picked up the wounded
Kian saw a man hurryinp up Union street
carrying what looked to be a rifle, and
Patrolman Brown sighted him as he was
crossing Third avenue. Brown had heard
the shot and was going toward Second
avraue. He called upon the fugitive to
halt, but the man only increased his
speed. Brown fired two shots, neither of
v.hich took effect, and ran after the man
ahead of him. The man carrying the
rifle dodged around the corner and was
lest in the darkness of the old university
grounds. Brown searched the grounds hur_
r!edly, but the man had disappeared with
out leaving a trace.
DENOUNCES ASSASSIN.
SEATTLE. Nov. 12.— John Andrew Nink.
a prominent insurance man, was phot in
the back by an unknown man with a rifle
at the corner of Second avenue and Union
street at 1:15 o'clock this morning. The
assailant escaped by running up Union
etrect and disappearing around the cor
ner of the Armory building. Patrolman
Brown f.red three Fhcts at the fugitive,
but failed to bring him down.
Nink staggered to the edge of the side
walk, threw h isarms around a telephone
pole and slowly sank to his knees. The
blood gushed out of an ugly bullet hole
en the right side of his back. Two men
fia5?!n*r helped him into the Munger sa
*looru on Second street, just below Union,
end he was laid cut on the floor of the
Special r»irra*ch to The Call
Mystery Shrouds the Crime,
Which Followed Mention
of a Divorce Suit.
"Elijah" Ordew His Fol
lowers to Patronize His
Bank Exclusively.
Cowardly Attempt at
Murder at Night
on a Street.
Large Tract of Land Is
Offered to Him for
a Site.
»
Dowie Says He Is
Coming to This
State.
Seattle Insurance
Man Shot in the
Back.
ASSASSIN
SEEKS LIFE
WITH RIFLE
WILL BUILD
ZION CITY IN
CALIFORNIA
HOUSE DEMOCRATS
WILL FIGHT CUBAN
RECIPROCITY BILL
AMERICANS IN COLOMBIA
IN GRAVE DANGER AS RAGE
OF THE POPULACE GROWS
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 13. 1903 s
VOIX3IE XCIY-NO. 166.
PRICE FrVB CENTS.
The San Francisco Call
r y. + + ??/(
J THE JTSATSEB.
Forecast jiade at San Fran
cisco for thirty hours «artlnr
nsilniffht Xovember 13, 1903:
San Fraicisco and vicinity —
Cloudy. uLiettlei weather Fri*
day; probably shower*: fresh
southwest wind.
I A. O. ywATtTT!,
f District rorecaster.
Continued on Page 2, Column 6,
Continued on Page 2, Column 1,
PARIS, Nov. 12.— One : of the greatest
triumphs '¦ of dirigible ballooning 'was
achieved to-day by the Lebaudy broth
ers, whose airship in one hour and thirfy
flve minutes covered "the "forty-six miles
separating Moisson and the Champs de
Mars, ; Paris, - — -
Triumph of ; a Dirigible Balloon.
John Mallory, a miner, who Jones said
forced his attentions upon the Respess
woman, was killed by Jones on the day
before his battle with Keayton, and on
the day after the big fight Jones and a
man named Griffin shot and killed F.'B.
Sizeman for smiling at the woman. - Jones
and his accomplice escaped to the moun
tains.
Last Saturday she told her boarders she
was going to quit' business, and informed
Keayton he would have to leave the
house. Keayton learned that Jones would
remain, and he became wild with jeal
ousy. A duel was agreed upon, and the
men armed themselves and met in the
street a few minutes later. Keayton fired
first, sending the contents of a double
barreled shotgun into Jones' body..
Although seriously wounded, Jones suc
ceeded in getting back to the house, where
he crawled to a. window, and as Keayton
passed shot him with a revolver, killing
him. ' •"->>;.! - • .- ¦ .
PARKERSBURG, W. Va., Nov. 12:—
Three men lost their lives because a wom
an smiled upon one of them and' he smiled
at the woman in Geary, a small mountain
hamlet in the western section of West
Virginia. Mrs. Sarah Respess, a widow,
kept a boarding-house in the village. Hay.
wood Keayton and Charles Jones were
among the boarders." The woman is hand
some.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
William L. Cathcart was appointed to
the Naval Academy in 1ST3 and was grad
uated in June. 1S77. receiving his commis
sion as assistant engineer in the same
year. He reached the grade of passed
assistant engineer in 1SS4. resigning with
this grade in 1331. During the Spanish-
American War he again entered the naval
service as chief engineer, receiving aa
honorable discharge at ta« cIom «C the
.war.
His actions aroused the household and
an attempt was made to get him quietly
to his room, whereupon he made an at
tempt to attack Senor Pastor, breaking
a glass door with his hands in an effort
to reach him. When Senor Walls Merino
remonstrated Cathcart attacked him. At
this time was standing at the top of
a flight of stairs, and In protecting him
self the Spanish diplomat struck Cathcart
so that he fell downstairs, dislocating his
elbow. _Cat heart had to be carried from
the house bodily. "
CALL. BUREAU, 1406 G STREET. JT.
TV.. WASHINGTON. Nov. 12.— William L.
Cat heart of New York, formerly a naval
officer, this morning forfeited $15 col
lateral by his non-appearance In the Po
lice Court to answer to charges of assault
and profanity. The complaint was lodged
against Cathcart by Edgar Blair, a local
architect," but the injured persons were
Senor Don Louis Pastor, secretary of the
Spanish Legation, and Senor Don Manuel
Walls Merino, second secretary.
The Spanish Ministry occupies living
quarters in a furnished apartment house.
Last summer one of the lodgers at thi3
house was Cathcart. To-day Cathcart
arrived from New York to serve as con
sulting engineer to the Navy Department
In some construction work and engaged a
room at his old apartments. He returned
intoxicated. None of the other occupants
were up except a maid, and Cathcart be
gan chasing her through the house with
threats to kill her.
Special Disj>etch to The Call.
Attacks Members
of the Spanish
Legation.
Provoke a Series
of Duels and
Murders.
The people of Barranquilla have been
swept off their balance by the suddenness
and seriousness of the news. Revolution
ary talk .'began Immediately : and threats
were ¦ made against the Congressmen re
sponsible for the non- ratification of the
Hay-Herran canal treaty.
. Fears are entertained for the safety of
Americans In Colombia and of the possibi
bility of . the anger of the populace being
The Prefect followed the reading' with
a speech, in which he declared 'that the
Colombian Government would never per
mit the secession of the isthmus and
would win back the lost territory at any
cost." The crowd in the plaza indulged In
many extravagant threats impossible of
execution.
United States Vice Consul Lovelace was
sitting on a balcony of his house at Bar
ranquilla to-night when several stones
were thrown at him. Me retired Indoors
and was not further molested by the Co
lombians.
The Barranquilla authorities had In
tended .sending 300 Colombian troops by
the- Orinoco to Cartegena, but- learned
that the vessel had -debarked General
Torres and .his men and decided to keep
the troops at Barranquilla. . The . excite
ment at Barranquilla increased with the
spreading, of the news of the secession of
the Isthmus, which was supplemented by
exaggerated accounts of the alleged part
played. by: the United States therein.
Panama's declaration of Independence
was read from a newspaper by the Pre
fect to a. crowd assembled in the plaza,
and was greeted by furious outcries. and
shouts of "Death to the Panamans!" and
"Death to the Americans!"
On the arrival of General Torres and his
troops at Cartagena the neVs of the
events on the Isthmus quickly spread and
caused excitement. General Torres and
his officers were threatened with arrest
as traitors, but the threat was not put
Into effect. The populace, greatly excited,
soon crowded the streets, crying "Down
with the Americans!" United States Con
sul Ingersoll. fearing violence, remained
shut up in the consulate.
after the proclamation of the
republic of Panama. The soldiers behaved
well on the voyage.
'OLOy. Nov. 12. — The royal
Jy r^. mail Reamer Orinoco arrived
ff .. this morning.. bringing news of
£jl ' General Torres and the Colom-
bian troops he took from here
ONE WIDOW'S
SM I LES COST
THREE LIVES
NAVAL MAN
ON RAMPAGE
IN CAPITAL
Mob Hurls Stones at
a United States
Consul.
THE THEATBBS/ * * .
Ale&z&r — "The Prlrata^ Se«r^ .
California — Herrmann th« Ore*?.
Central — >r Cacl« Tom's Cabia/*" v
Columbia— "The Stork*. 1 *
Fischer's — "Babes and Boies."
Orand Opera-Xouss— "Ben Xox."
Orphetun — Vaudeville.
Tns Chutes — Vaudeville.
Tivoli — Grand Opera.Balfour's Golfing Detective.
.The number of medical students in the
United States for . the last college year
was 27,615. Of this number 24,930 were at
the regular schools; -1438 at the home
opathic, 848 at the eclectic and 339 at the
physiomedical and' nondescript schools.
Germany with more. than two- thirds the
population of the United States, has less
than a third as many students of medi
cine.
Army of Medical Students.
Charles M. Schwab's Intention to pro
mote technical education is praiseworthy.
There is nothing this country stands In
more need of than the training of the
youth to advance its agricultural and in
dustrial interests. Yet it is doubtful
whether the Carnegie plan of donating a
building, merely, . to be maintained at
public expense— which is said to be Mr.
Schwab's way— will secure the maximum
good along this line.. The cost of build
ings is not the principal item. Mainte
nance is more important The plan of the
Scott manual training school of Toledo
is worthy of investigation as a pioneer
effort in that particular field. It has been
-helpful.— Pittsburg Gazette.
Schwab's Schools.
While complaining that; the textbooks
In the common schools lead away from
the farm. Dr. John Graham Brooks said:
"Look with me into an average Massa
chusetts achoolhouse. Its arithmetic, its
geography, its penmanship, Its bookkeep
ing and its reading book, which appeal to
the imagination of the farmer's child, aro
still dominated by clerk and trading point
of view. As one listens to the teaching,
it is as if the one object were to create
discontent with the country life, to make
every bright child hate his surroundings.
The instruction zeem? to assume the fail
ure of the farm life. The inexhaustible
charm and resource of the country have
n-> part in this teach:r.g."— Exchange.
Bad Educational System.
It Is reported from Washington that the
Democrats Intend at the next session of
Congress to "quiz" President Roosevelt
on his acceptance of "courtesies" from
railroads in the way of free special trains
and free cars. But which of them . will
have the hardihood to do this ''Quizzing"?
All Congressmen are given passes by the
railroads. That fact- was brought out
with sufficient clearness in the Baltimore
and Ohio letter to Congressman Baker.
But up to date Congressman Baker Is the
only member of either house who ¦ Is
known to, have refused such "courte.sles."
Is it any worse for the President than
for Congressmen to accept railroad fa
vors? We hope the President may be
"quizzed"; but we also hope that' Mr.
Baker, or some Congressman with hands
equally clean, may be selected to conduct
the "quizzing. "r-Chicago Public.
Who "Will Do the Quizzing?
Americans, however critical, have a way
of doing things in public without the
sense of measure. We whoop a man to
a dizzy height for nothing and drop him
for the same reason. Suppose a good
humored grocer should make a great deal
of money, use it to pay a Prince's debts,
get thus into the faster wing of British
society, acquire a title, buy a lot of
yachts and show equanimity in- defeat,
a certain reward should normally be his.
Unless, however; he has more than money
and cheerfulness, need he become a pub
lic personage and the cynosure of every
eye? Is it dignified that he be looked
upon as a national figure or the nation's
guest, as Mr. Chamberlain would be, M.
de Witte or II. Waldeck-Rousseau? Even,
we will say, as Meredith, Ibsen or Tolstoi
might be? Is there not a greater trail of
Barnumlsm in our cities than we need,
with all due . appreciation of that illus
trious exponent of ; publicity? We - read
with resignation that a marrying Duke
has Importuned his solicitors to make sure
of a more liberal settlement from his pur
chaser than was : secured a few years
ago by a predecessor. We are also will
ing to read with resignation a few vhun
dred columns about the good humor of a
commonplace, . however cheery, Irish gro
cer. , If, however, anything happens to
these gentlemen, to shake them from their
unstable pedestals, their fall will be ob
served with equal resignation. If the
President of the United States, respond
ing to such feelings as these, ever should,
however, tactlessly, draw the line on
some of these ill-proportioned _ celebra
tions, he would lose nothing in the opinion
of comprehensive thinkers. — Collier's
Weekly.
Hospitality and Sense.
The most successful racehorse of the
year seems to be the mare SceDtre, one
of the most successful thoroughbreds ever
raised In England. Up to the present
time she has won something like $180,000.
She has won the Jockey Club stake of
10,000 guineas and the classic Two Thou
sand Guineas, Thousand Guineas, the
Oaks and St. Lecer. She was fourth In
the Derby, and In the Eclipse stake was
defeated by Ard Patrick by a short head
after having led him all the way home.
The only other mare that has approached
her as a stake winner was the famous
La Fleche, who won $172,940. Donovan
holds the record for horses, having won
$275,265 in his racing career.— New York
Commercial.
Sceptre's Rich Stakes.
War Department Prepares for an
Emergency on the Isthmus.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 12.— The plans of
the War Department for sending troops
to the isthmus of Panama. to protect the
government of the isthmus in case of an
attack by Colombia or any other foreign
power was considered to-day. It was
learned to-night that orders had been is
pued to the different staff departments of
the army to. have supplies and equipment
ready at a moment's notice for six bat
talions of troops of four companies each,
to be commanded by Brigadier General
Thomas H. Barry, formerly adjutnat gen
eral of the Department of the East This
expedition would give a total strength of
about 1600 men. Reports received to-day
READY TO SEND TROOPS.
Like Wooden Nutmegs.
All tourists in Egypt want specimens
of the sacred beetle of the Pharoahs, the
scarabi. But as the supply Is naturally
limited, all cannot be supplied. Accord
ingly, some Connecticut genius began the
manufacture of the sacred beetles. They
are shipped to Egypt and sold at a very
low price to guides and dealers In curios,
who sell them to tourists as high as $1
each.— Exchange.
A private in the German army is re
ported to have committed suicide "by
the common device of exploding a blank
cartridge In a rifle, the barrel of which
was filled with water."
It is reported that Boris Sarafoff, leader
of the Macedonian revolutionists, arrived
here to-day for the purpose of planning
fresh outrages. The police are searching
for him.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Nov. 12.— It trans
pired to-day that the latest Austro-Rus-
Eian note to the Porte contained a spe
cific declaration that a further refusal to
accept the reform scheme will expose the
Ottoman empire to great danger and that
the proposals of the two powers must be
accepted entirely and without delay.
Twenty-T-wo Persons Killed in a
light in the Village of
Tirnova.
SALONICA, Wednesday, Nov. 11.—Dur
ing fighting in the village of Tirnova on
November 7 twenty-two persons were
killed.
BORIS SARAFOFF AGAIN
STIRRING UP MACEDONIA
Miss Wheeler scored a triumph in her
song, "Love Me or Not," and In response
to an enthusiastic encore sang "Gae to
Sleep."
Miss Millicent Flynn's lovely voice was
heard to great advantage in "I Send My
Heart Up to Thee" and "Thy Beaming
Eyes."
Homer Henley's song, "To Anthea," was
one of the best things he has sung for a
long time and thoroughly deserved the
applause It received.
Following was the programme:
Trio from "Atilla" (Verdi), Miss Flynn, Mr.
Onslow and Mr. Henley; "Love Me or Not"
(Secchl), Miss Wheeler; Polonaise, Opus 63
(Chopin). Miss Tharp; "If I Were King"
(Campbell-Tlpton). Mr. Henley; duet, "Tuscan
Folk Song," Miss Flynn and Miss Wheeler;
dramatic reading, Laura Hanna Tharp; "Even,
song" (Blumenthal). Mr. Onslow; "I Send
My Heart Up to Thee" (Mrs. Beach), Miss
Flynn; duet "Night Hymn at Sea" (Goring-
Thomas), Misa Wheeler and Mr. Henley.
The concert for the benefit of the King's
Daughters' Home drew an appreciative
audience to Steinway Hall last night
Every number was encored and all the
participants were In splendid form. The
floral offerings were numerous
Benefit Concert a Success.
PITTSBURG, Pa., Nov. 12.— Arra B.
Chutglan, now a resident of Pittsburg,
the young brother of Rev. Q. B. .Chut
glan, who was murdered in the streets of
Odessa, Russia, in daylight last July and
leader of the local Huntschagonlst revo
lutionary branch of the Armenian patri
ots, to-day received advices of another
massacre by Turkish soldiers of bands of
Armenians in Asia Minor. The butcheries [
occurred, according to Chutgian, about
eight days ago In the city of Bayazid, at
the foot of Mount Ararat. In discussing
the assassinations, Chutglan said:
"The first band of Armenians, which was
about one hour in advance of the second
band, was attempting to reach Asia Minor
from Russian domain in order to afford
pome relief to the suffering Armenian
farmers In that territory. It was made
up of some fifteen members, and really
acted In the capacity of a scouting party
for the much larger band following. En
trance from Russian to Turkish domain
Is obtainable only by means of two passes,
each fortified by strong blockhouses.
"The Turkish soldiers were informed that
the advance body of the relief band was ;
coming and the Information was fur
nished by men of the opposition party of
our society. In any event, when the'band
arrived at the blockhouse all were killed.
It was simply a cold-blooded butchery.
No one was spared and the second band
halted some distance from the frontier,
fearing that their friends had fallen Into
the hands of the Turkish Boldlers. The
latter went out to meet tne second ex
pedition and killed many of them. Much
money and everything Intended for Ar
menian relief was confiscated by" the
Turkish soldiers."
- Chutglan explained to-day that the Ar3
menlan relief parties from Russian prov
inces simply desired to aid suffering Ar
menians In the Mount Ararat district,
owing to the heavy crop failures last sea
son. "Winter in that section Is now at Its
height and the" bitter cold is working
great devastation among the Turkish Ar
menian subjects, who are reported this
winter to be almost destitute. The TurR
ish soldiers on the frontier refuse to allow
any aid to reach the interior, Chutglan
says.
Murder Them in City of
Bayazid at Foot of
Mount Ararat.
In the Chamber of -Deputies to-day
there was a further discussion of the war
budget An amendment proposing the
suppression of court-martial was rejected,
325 to 24. During the debate there was
a violent altercation between Henri Mau
rice Bertaux, Radical ' Socialist, and
Georges Berthoulat, Independent Repub
lican, which compelled the President of
the Chamber to suspend the sitting for a
few minutes. A duel has been arranged
between Bertaux and Berthoulat.
After some desultory discussion the Sen
ate passed the first clause of the Govern
ment's proposition repealing existing leg
islation by a vote of 225 to 31.
When the session of the Senate was re
sumed M. Denoix proposed that debates
be adjourned until the Government, bill
forbidding primary secondary and supe
rior teaching of all' members of the con
gregations was brought In. The proposal
was rejected, 141 to 135.
Combes' declaration made a deep im
pression and the session of the Senate was
suspended to permit conferences.
PARIS, Nov. 12.— The Senate was crowd
ed to-day, owing to the expectation that
Premier Combes would make a declara
tion of the further purposes of the Gov
ernment concerning the religious orders.
Contrary to the opinion. Waldeck-Rous
seau, the former Premier, announced his
opposition to the governmental proposi-.
,tion to forbid teaching by those who had
taken the vow of celibacy.
Combes declared the Government accept
ed the principle of the proposition, but
said it Intended bringing in a general
project of law forbidding primary, second
ary and superior teaching to all members
of congregations. Concerning members
of the secular clergy, the Government re
served its course until a determination of
the question of the separation of church
and state had been expressed. It was his
earnest wish to speedily conclude the en
tire teaching question, so that the country
might again be tranqullized.
Anxious to Hear Pre
mier Announce Policy
of Government.
NEW YORK, Nov. 12.— By a reorganiza
tion of its business the steel trust expects
to save $56,000,000 a year and thus offset
the falling off in its net income. Salaries
and -wages already have been cut and
plants closed or consolidated, and now,
as a further step in the way of economy,
it plans to get a heavy reduction In
freight rates.
A meeting of the Eastern trunk lines of
the Central Traffic Association has been
called for Tuesday to consider the demand
of the United States Steel Corporation
that "rates to the seaboard on products
of the company be reduced in such scale
as to enable it to compete successfully for
export business. Morgan's company, the
International Mercantile Marine Com
pany, has decided to give the company
low rates. It is estimated that the com
pany will by these means save $5,000,000 a
year.
Flans Economies That Will Result in
a Net Saving of 856,000,000
a Year.
STEEIi TRUST DEMANDS
LOWER FREIGHT RATES
The following report was submitted last
night by the committee of the Building
Trades Council' appointed to Investigate
the charges made by M. C. Haybl against
P. H. McCarthy:
Your committee appointed to formulate th«
findings o£ the council upon the facts given, la
evidence at the Investigation In open session
of the council of the charges made by M. C.
Haybl and published In the pr»sa of October
31, 1903. against P. H. McCarthy, beg leave
to report as follows:
First — From the testimony of M. C. Haybl
we find there was no foundation in fact for the
charges made by him, but the said charges
were bastd upon partisan political campaign
rumors and are false in every particular. Sec
ond — We find that an attempt was made
through the press to show the public that the
council was, through P. H. McCarthy, presi
dent of the council, behind the candidacy of
K. E. SchmlU; that in order to show that the
members of the council and its affiliated
unions were free to support by voice and vote
whomever they saw fit. President McCarthy,
over his signature on October r.», 1003, stated
that the persons connected with the building
industry were fully capable of thinking and
speaking for themselves, hence Mr. McCar
thy's statement, while expressing his individ
ual views, showed absolutely the freedom of the
council and its affiliated unions as organiza
tions from partisan politics.
Third — The Building Trades Council and its
affiliated unions, as labor organizations, have
had nothing to do with the nomination of any
candidate for any public office. The council,
during the election, and all past elections, has
strictly refrained from participating in parti
san politics. The individual members, at all
times, exercise their constitutional rights, fol
lowing their political beliefs, without interfer
ence from the council. Those who are charged
with the guidance of an organization of the
magnitude and success of this council are sub
ject, at all times, to the attacks of designing
politicians, supported by men who are its
enemies, and are desirous of sowing the seed
of dissension within its ranks, which if allowed
to go unchallenged would have & disastrous
effect upon this council, which has done and
is now doing so much for every person con
nected with organized labor in this city. In
conclusion we desire to express our unquali
fied and unlimited confidence in our worthy
president, P. H. McCarthy, because we recog
nize in him one who has done more than any
other living man to bring the council and its
affilating unions to their high standard of ex
cellence, and to whom every man connected
with the building industry owes a debt of
gratitude for faithful services in securing
Increased wages and decreased hours, and who
has been their fearless champion In not only
protecting the council from the attacks of Its
enemies, but has preserved It a clean, noble
and honest organization, to the mutual benefit
of Its members and the community at large
Respectfully submitted.
JAMES H. HAXlMERSLET.
BERT E. POWERS,
W. C. FRENCH.
Committee.
TURKISH TROOPS
SLAY ARMENIANS
SHAMOKIN, Pa,, Nov. 12.— In a report
sent out from Sunbury Judge Austen of
Northumberland County was misquoted,
he says, in the statement that in a deci
sion on an appeal by the Llewellyn Coal
Company he decided that the anthracite
coal strike commission's award was not
legal. That question Was not brought di
rectly or indirectly to his attftitlon, he
said to-night, and he was at a loss as to
how such a mistake could havfe occurred.
Judge Austen Misquoted.
Building Trades Council
Committee Reports
Findings.
At Puerto Plata, on November 6, a
French and a Cuban steamship were or
dered away by the Dominican warships.
Macoris was evacuated by the military
forces on November 3, the day of sailing,
and all ports except San Domingo City
were in the hands of the Insurgents when
she finally sailed.
NEW YORK, Nov. 12.-The Clyde line
steamship Cherokee arrived to-day from
Santo Domingo with late direct Intelli
gence of the insurrection and reports an
exciting experience with a Dominican
man-of-war, by which the steamer was
stopped several times. On one occasion
shots were fired across her bow and on
another the ship eluded the warship under
cover of darkness.
Vessel Fired Upon While Running
the Blockade Arrives at
New York.
CLYDE LINER ELUDES
DOMINICAN WARSHIPS
M'CARTHY GIVEN
A VINDICATION
NORFOLK, Va., Nov. 12.-The heroism
of Lieutenant Roland I. Curtin and sev
eral teamen on board the torpedo-boat
destroyer Lawrence to-day saved that
craft from destruction. A lighted candle
left by a workman on a wooden box in
the vessel's forward campartment caused
a fire which burned much of the Law
rence's woodwork before it was extin
guished by Lieutenant Curtin and some
seamen, just before the flames reached
the magazine in which a quantity of ex
plosive was stored. -
In their battle against the flames Lieu
tenant Curtin and his men were so over
come by - the smoke that they lost con
sciousness after the tight was won and
were hurried on board the cruiser Olym
pia for treatment. Their condition Is not
serious.
The damage to the Lawrence was tri
fling.
Fight Fire Near Maga
zine on Torpedo Boat
Destroyer.
NOMINATIONS CONFIRMED.
Appointments to LanaVflce Positions
In Oregon.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 12-Ths Senate
In executive session confirms the follow
ing nominations:
Registrars of land offices — John 9. Wat
son. Paisley. Or.; Edward* \r. Davis,
Union, Or.; Algernon S. Dresser, Oregon
City. Or.
Charles S. Snyder, receiver o» public
moneys at Lakevlew, Or.
Crumpacker Beintroduces His Bill.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 12.—Representa
tive Crumpacker of Indiana has rejntro
duced hl3 bill providing for a reduction
In the Congressional representation of
those States which have discriminated po
litically against the negro. He Introduced
It merely that he might have it on the
calendar and be prepared to urge It if he
deemed It advisable. It is understood that
action will hardly be taken on the Mil
prior to the Presidential campaign.
A large number of bills were then pre
sented, and when the order of business
was passed there was a brief executive
session, after which the Senate adjourned
until next Monday.
Hale took the position that th© question
of Smoot's eligibility had been improperly
raised at this time. He referred briefly
to the moral aspects of the Smoot case,
and said that, grave as they were, they
were not more important than the "intru
sion of a great religious hierarchy like
the Mormon church Into the political af
fairs of the country." He suggested to
the Senate the importance of not pre
judging the case.
HALE SUPPORTS HOAR.
Replying to Dubois' argument Hoar
said that in his remarks yesterday he
had merely called the attention of some
of his own constituents to the fact that
they are pointing out to the Senate their
determination of a Judicial question In
regard to which the Senators are the
Judges. He again compared the Senate to
the Supreme Court, and added that he
had addressed the Senate upon th© sub
ject not because he considered it a mat
ter of small moment, but because of Its
vast importance, and because of Its im
portance he thought It most desorabls
that the Senate should approach the sub
ject In the proper way.
Hoar replied that he did not believe any
member of the Committee on Privileges
and Elections would find it necessary to
make a public display of his attachment
to the family tie, as established in all
Christian countries and so signally mani
fested in Its beauty In our own country,
and he expressed his surprise that any
Senator could consider It necessary to
present his views on th© subject. How
ever, he said, that was a question for
members to decide for themselves.
Dubois said in closing that Instead of
discouraging the Christian people of the
country in giving vent to their opinions
In the shape of petitions on the subject,
he would like to have them encouraged in
that direction. Ji\ vv
HOAR GROWS IRONICAL.
"I contend," he said, "that these various
organizations of Christian men and wom
en have a right to petition the Senate. Of
course, we will appreciate that this is a
judicial question, which must be deter
mined by the facts, but it is not an idle
question and It is properly before the Sen
ate. It is the same question that was in
volved in the case of the polygamous
Roberts, for whose unseating by the
House of Representatives many petitions
were filed." All the petitioners ask is that
we. study the case carefully before pass
ing upon it. They know what they are
doing. . They represent the moral thought
of the country, and should not be discour
aged. They scarcely expect to influence
our votes, but it is to be hoped that the
petitions will at least . have the effect of
causing us to pause and giv© careful at
tention to their representations.
"If the allegations now on file with the
Committee on Privileges - and Elections
can be proved, I do not believe there is a
Senator her© who would vote to have Mr.
Smoot continued in his seat; but if they
arc not proved I think we would all unite
In asking him to remain."
HAVE BIGHT TO PETITION.
WASHINTON, Nov. 12.— Immediately
upon assembling to-day the Senate
plunged into a discussion of the question
of the eligibility of Reed Smoot of Utah
to a seat in the Senate. The debate grew
out of 'the remarks made, yesterday by
Hoar that petitions bearing 'upon Smoot' s
case were as much out of place as similar
petition* to the Supreme Court of the
United States would be in the Interest of
any case before that tribunal.
Dubols of Idaho took issue to-day with
Hoar and presented his yjews in connec
tion with the petitions for Smoot's expul
sion, which were presented by himself.
After announcing that his views differed
from those of Hoar as to the propriety of
the petitions on this subject, Dubols pro
ceeded.
Mulloch of Saganan and Kopsch were
elected in Berlin. The Freissinnige party
won the first, second and rourth election
districts. In the third district a second
election will be necessary, and, with the
support of the Socialists, the victory of
the Freissinnige party Is assured.
Among. those elected are Count Kanitz,
Herr von 'Schwerin of Loewltz and Dr.
Arend, Free Conservatives; Dr. Bachem,
Herr Roeren, Dr. Trimborn and Herr
Dossbach, Clericals; Herren, Krause, Sat
tler, Friendberg, Boremel and Eugene
Richter of the Freissinnige party. The
National Liberals lost one and won five
seats; the Rlchterites won five and lost
six seats; the Free Conservatives won
one and lost five seats and the Conserva
tives lost two and won three seats.
One hundred and seventy districts out
of a total of 279 elect 87 Conservatives, 27
Free Conservatives, 77 Clericals, 51 Na
tional Liberals, 20 Rlchterites, 4 Barth
Liberals, 2 Danes and 3 Independents.
Heybrand, Fishback and Eickhoff were
defeated.
BERLIN, Nov. 12.— The election of elect
ors who are to choose deputies to th*e
lower house of the Prussian Diet Novem
ber 20 took place to-day. A new feature
was the participation of the Socialists,
who had hitherto refused to vote for
electors, as a silent protest against what
they regard as being a "plutocratic elec
tion system."
The Diet consists of 433 members.
CROWDS VISIT
FRENCH SENATE
"Russian preparations are manifest. on
every hand. The great bear will not bo
caught napping. The Russians freely an
nounce the arrival of their ships, but they
have adopted a system of changing the
namefi of their vessels about every month,
so when a rival power hears of a vessel
bearing a certain name and known to
have been a first class battleship it is not
known whether the vessel bearing the
same name is a coal carrier or a torpedo
boat destroyer. The Russian Government
has adopted these tactics to avoid public
ity. All vessels In Vladivostok and Port
Arthur are being treated to a coat of
fighting paint. And in every case the
name of the vessel is completely painted
out and no record made public of the ves
sels In the harbor."
The Daily Mail's Tokio correspondent
says the United States Minister at Seoul.
Korea, has presented a note urging that
Korea speedily open the port of Ton
gampho. • •
SEATTLE, Wash., Nov. 12.-Edwln S.
Gill of this city has received a letter from
a prominent official in Shanghai, which
throws new light on Russia's game in the
Far East. The letter says:
"Port Arthur, Dalny, the new port, and
Vladivostok are hives of Industry these
days. The great trans-Siberian railroad
Is being utilized as a feeder for Russian
supplies and reinforcements. It was only
a short time ago that the word was
passed out from the Shanghai office of the
International Sleeping Car Company that
the 'road was closed to passenger traffic
because of a washout on the line near tne
Manchurian frontier. The truth was that
the road was at that time given over to
stocking the newly created garrisons at
Dalny with provisions and men, every bit
of the available rolling stock being util
ized.
LONDON, Nov. 13.— The Standard's
Tientsin correspondent says that Chinese
troops are guarding all th© passes to Man
churia. -
The correspondent adds that Governor
Yuan Shai has imported nine automobiles
for the use of the Dowager Empress.
These automobiles will run between Pe
king and the summer palace.
A correspondent of the Times at St
Petersburg says It is admitted in official
circles that the policy which led to the
occupation of Port Arthur and Manchuria
was not worth the expenditure of money
and blood it had entailed and that the
attempt to secure an ice-free port In the
Pacific has so far proved a failure, Tne
construction of a huge breakwater at
Dalny as a protection against high seas
only resulted in making the harbor ice
bound in. winter, the lack of this protec
tion heretofore evidently preventing the
accumulation of Ice.\
Hale Urges the Importance
of Not Prejudging the
Question.
The Preissinnige Party Car
ries Three of the Berlin
A cablegram from acting Consul Gen
eral Ehrman at Panama makes the im
portant announcement that Philippe Bu
nau-VarSlla, the Panama Minister to
Washington, was charged by his Gov
ernment with power to negotiate a canal
treaty with the Government of the United
States, and that Boyd and Amador, tho
commissioners who sailed two days ago
for V ashinpton, were charged with other
missions and would act only in an ad
visory capacity as to the treaty.
Bunau-Varllla is disposed to put forth
every effort to hasten the treaty negotia
tions. He called to see Secretary Hay
to-day to make preparations for his re
ception by the President to-morrow In
his capacity as Minister for l'anama.
Just as soon as that has been done he
will ask to have the negotiations formally
opened, and there is some probability that
the new treaty will be ready for trans
mission to the Senate before Christmas.
"PANAMA.— Everything is quiet at Pa
nama; no signs of any dissatisfaction.
It is reported that there are a few Co
lombian troops at Buena Ventura. The
Colombian gunboat Bogota sailed from
Buena Ventura with troops, but came
back to port again. The British steam
ers Maniva and Quito were unmolested."
The British steamships referred to are
said to be the two vessels which for a
short time were detained by the Colom
bian Government at Buena Ventura, but
which were released.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 12.— Democratic
Senators have determined to oppose the
ratification of a canal treaty with the
new republic of Panama should
the administration enter upon treaty ne
gotiations with that country. The Demo
cratic steerinc committee is said to be
unanimous in condemnation of the recog
nition the United States has given to the
creation of a new government on the
isthmus, though the announcement has
been mad« that no course cf opposition
has been definitely adopted. It has been
learned on the authority of a member
of the Democratic steering committee
that the sentiment is to attack any effort
to open negotiations with the new re
public and go before the country In sup
port of the Spooner act, to show that
the party is not antagonistic to the
building of a canal.
Late this afternoon the Navy Depart
ment received the following cabled dis
patch from Rear Admiral Glass, com
manding the naval forces on the isthmus:
WILL FIGHT CANAL TBEATY
Democratic Senators Plan Campaign
Aeainst Panama Bepublic.
The prisoners sent on board the Leon
XIII include Generals Tovar and Amaya,
former Prefect of Colon Guadras and for
mer Alcalde of Colon Guerro.
•' General Huertas, commissioner of the
battalion of Panama, which deserted the
Colombian Government and joined the
Panama revolutionists on November 3.
has been made commissioner in chief of
the forces of the new republic. General
Huertas was entertained at a banquet
here to-day by Porfirio Melendez, Mili
tary Governor of Colon, and other Gov
ernment officers.
A United States naval collier arrived
here to-day with a full cargo.
General Obaldia, former Governor of the
Department of Panama, who is generally
credited with having been fully cognizant
of the secession movement, and who, ow
ing to his sympathy with the movement,
did not. while Governor of Panama, in
form the Colombian Government of the
true etate of affairs on the isthmus, is
now at liberty in Panama, of which city
he is a native. The imprisonment fol
lowing his arrest is looked upon as hav
ing been practically a farce, everybody
knowing his sentiment? and that he would
never return to Bogota.
Thirteen other persons arrested and
held here for Fimllar reasons also were
escorted aboard the Leon XIII and will
be landed at Savanilla. The Government
Is paying the passage of the prisoners,
to each of whom was offered a month's
salary, which offer was accepted by the
majority.
About fifty officers and civilian em
ployes of the former Government of the
Department of "Panama, apprehended at
Panama since November 3, and who re
fused to take the oath of allcciance. to
the new republic arrived here to-day over
the Panama Railroad under a heavy
armed epeort. The train backed to the
dock alongside the Spanish steamer Leon
XUL The prisoners alighted and boarded
the steamer, between lines of Panama sol
diers. The dock is now guarded to pre
vent their escape. The steamer "All sail
to-morrow.
vented against foreigners generally. The
authorities at Savanilla have mounted
two obsolete guns, covering: the wharf.
There is no confirmation of the rumors
which hav e reached Colon that President
Castro cf Venezuela, profiting by the
plight of the Bogota Government, will
take revenge against Colombia in revenge
for the aid the Colombian Government
gave to General Mains and the Venezue
lan revolutionists.
HEROIC SEAMEN
SAVE A VESSEL
States subsequently enacted.
The rates of duty herein granted by the
United States to the Republic of Cuba are and
shall continue during the term of said conven
tion preferential in respect to all like Imports
from other countries, provided that.' while said
convention is in force, no sugar imported from
the Republic of Cuba and being the product of
the soil or industry of the Republic of Cuba
shall be admitted into the United States at a
reduction of duty greater than 20 per centum
of the rates of duty thereon as provided by the
tariff act of the United States approved July
24. 1897. and no sugar the product of any other
foreign country shall be admitted by treaty or
convention into the United States while this
convention is In force at a lower rate of duty
than that provided by the tariff act of the
United States, approved July 24, 1897, and pro
vided, further, that nothing herein contained
shall be held or construed as an admission on
the part of the House of Representatives that
customs" du fcs citn be chanted otherwise thai
by an act ofCongress originating Jn said House.
Section 2-That so lonr »» aaiA convention
snail remain > n force, the laws and regulations
adopted or th u ma y be adopted by the Unite. I
Mates to pnt fc t the revenues and prevent
traud In the d-ciarations and proofs that arti
cles of merchandise to which eatd convention
""ay apply are the product or manufacture of
the Republic of i,ba. shall not impose any a.l
ditional charge i+ f ees therefor on the articles
i m f°5 ted ' • xc «P t ig the Consular fees estab-
T'lif °o r whlch may be established by the
2 u , States for Issuing shipping documents,
which fees shall not be higher than those
charged on the shl (me nt9 of similar merchan
dise from any other nation whatsoever: that ar
ticles of the Republo of Cuba shall receive on
their importation lnv, the ports of the United
States treatment eqi»i to that, which similar
v I s of th * t*nite« states shall receive on
their Importation Into * e ports of the Republic
or Cuba; that any taa or charge that may be
imposed by the nations* O r local authorities of
tne United States upon he articles of merchan
dise of the Republic of Cuba embraced In the
articles of said convention subsequent to said
Importation and prior t» their entering into
consumption Into the Unlt^ states shall be Im
posed and collected withou. discrimination upon
like articles whatsoever Inserted
DENVER, Nov. 12.— Adjutant General
Sherman M. Bell of the Colorado National
Guard, It is said, to-day wired President
Roosevelt, offering him the services of
the Colorado troops in case the regulars
are unable to cope with the situation in
Panama. .
Bell Bids for Prominence.
The date of departure had almost ar
rived when the smoldering fire of revolu
tion on the isthmus could no longer be
controlled and burst forth. Disbandment
then quickly followed.
The organization was carried on secret
ly with great energy. Officers were se
lected and every detail was perfected to
land on the isthmus and precipitate the
revolution on November 1. Vessels were
in waiting, and the filibusters were to set
Bail from Morgan City, to which point
ammunition and arms had been sent in
numerous small packages that did not
disclose their contents. The coup was di
rected by an agent in Washington. It was
argued that the force would easily control
the situation.
HOUSTON, Tex., Nov. 12.— A band of
C00O well-armed men from Texas and
Louisiana was to have set up the Inde
pendent government on the isthmus of
Panama. Two months ago the agents of
the revolution were in Houston and the
work of organization was secretly begun.
The leader carried recommendations from
practically every officer of the Seventh
Army Corps, which served in the Spanish
war, and also from four Governors of
Northern States. Ostensibly their purpose
was to organize a force to patrol the
canal.
Recruiting Agents at Work Before
Declaration of Independence.
TEXANS ENLIST FOR PANA3&A.
As far as could be learned to-night the
selection of the, organizations which it Is
intended' to senQ to the isthmus in case of
trouble has not yet been made, but Major
General Corbin, commanding the Depart
ment of the East, has assured the War
Department that he has everything in
readiness for the embarkation of troops
in twenty-four hours, should an emer
gency appear. Other reports received
from the department commanders indi
cate that within a few days something
like 20,000 men could be in readiness for
service. It was declared, however, that
unless there were Indications of serious
trouble on the isthmuB, such as would be
caused by a declaration of war by Colom
bia or the interference of some outside
nation, no further orders would be issued.
It was said by officers of the War De-,
partment that, while there seemed to be
ho Immediate need of troops on the isth
mus,, it was the intention to be prepared
for any emergency that might arise and
that the present activity in army quar
ters was due entirely to a desire to be In
a etate of preparedness.- While the of
ficials would not concede that they looked
for any foreign interference on the isth
mus?, it was learned that orders had gone
forth to a!l military department com
manders to get their troops into shape to
be called out at a moment's notice.
by the general staff showed that every
thing was in readiness an immediate
movement cf this kind, with the excep
tion of the necessary transports. The
Kilpatrick and the McClellan, now In New
York, are being made ready to carry the
troops, and information received at the
War Department to-night was that they
would" be ready in four or five days.
Take Part in Election
for Members of the
Prussian Diet.
Nine Automobiles Are Im
ported for Use of Dow
ager Empress.
Keep Close Watch Over
All the Passes to
Manchuria.
Continued From Pag^e 1, Column 6.
Dubois Takes Issue With
, Hoar as to Rights
of Petitioners.
SOCIALISTS CAST
THEIR BALLOTS
CHINESE TROOPS
ABE ON GUARD
Barranquilla Mob Hurls
Stones at the Residence
of the American Consul
Democrats in the House
Will Fight Ratification
of Reciprocity Treaty
SENATE DEBATES
CASE OF SMOOT
THE SAK FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 13, 1903.
Continued From Page 1, Column 2.
To Cure a Cold in One Day.
Takft Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All
druggists refund the money If it falls to cure.
Si, iW. Grove's signature l».on each box. 25c *
Persia bu^ys over $15,000,000 worth of
goods each year from. other countries.
Of this the United Kingdom gets 43 per
cent and the United States one two
thousandth of 1- per cent, while France
¦gets 6 percen*~ ¦ %
St. Petersburg ' is 1 to have a world's
fair, devoted "to child --education,- Its
growth, its achievements, and, its most
advanced methods." Seventeen million
children in Russia have no school op
portunities • at • all.
Inspector Sweeney has retired from the
police. Few Scotland Yard detectives have
had a more Interesting career. Strenu
ous and intelligent, he was told oft to
guard Mr. Balfour at one time. It is said
that Mr. Sweeney learned golf In order
often to follow Mr. Balfour without peo
ple suspecting what his job was.— London
Review..
2
DOAN'S KIDNEY PILLS.
DOST OVERLOOK THIS
A Careful Fenual Will Prove Its Value
to Every San Prancisco Header.
The average man is a doubter, and
there Is little wonder that this is so.
.M isrepresentations make people skeptics.
Nowadayrtbe public ask for better evi-
dence than the testimony of strangers.
Here is proof which should convince
every San Francisco reader.
George Merrill, starter at the Sutter-
street Railway Company's barn, resi-
dence 2630 Sutter street, says: 'To say
I greatly value Doan's Kidney Pills
mildly expresses my opinion of them. It
is six months since I took a course of
the treatment, and it did exactly what I
wanted and did it very quickly. It stop-
ped backache, from which I had suffered
far too long to be pleasant. My advice
to any one suffering from backache or
who are subject to kidney complaint Is
to use Doan's Kidney Pills according to
directions. The long-looked-for results
will undoubtedly follow."
For sale by all dealers. Price 50 cents.
Foster-Mllburn Co., Buffalo. N. Y., sole
agents for the United States.
Remember the name, Doan's, and take
no substitute, ._. ¦
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Chas. Keilus & Co.
E x c 1 ii s i v e
High-Grade Clothiers
. No Branch Storea. ICo Ager.ta.
Genuine Cravetiettes
Celebrated Production of
B. Priestley & Co., limited,
Lon don; E n gland.
Every Conceivable Weave
That's New and Smart
Here in Rainproof Coats
K e arny Street
T h u r 1 o w Block
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A TEST EXPERIMENT.
Peculiar Power Possessed by a New
Medicine.
Of new discoveries there la no end, but
one of the most recent, most remarkable
and one that will prove Invaluable to
thousands of people Is a discovery which
it is believed will take the place of all
other remedies for the cure of those com-
mon and obstinate diseases, dyspepsia and
stomach troubles. This discovery Is not a
loudly advertised, secret patent medicine,
but is a scientific combination of whole-
some, perfectly harmless vegetable es-
Eences, fruit salts, pure pepsin and bis-
muth.
These remedies are combined In lozenge
form, pleasant to take and will preserve
their good qualities indefinitely, whereas
all liquid medicines rapidly lose whatever
good qualities they may have bad as soon
as uncorked and exposed to the air.
This preparation is called Stuart's Dys-
pepsia Tablets, and it is claimed that one
of these Tablets or lozenges will digest
from SCO to 3000 times its own weight of
meat, eggs and other wholesome food.
And this claim has been proven by actual
experiments in the following manner: A
hard boiled egg cut into small pieces was
placed in a bottle containing warm water
heated to ninety-eight degrees (or blood
heat): one of these Tablets was then
placed In the bottle and the proper tem-
perature maintained for three hours and
a hjvlf, at the end of which time the egg
was as completely digested as It would
have been in a healthy stomach. This ex-
periment was undertaken to demonstrate
that what it would do in the bottle it
would also do in the stomach, hence its
unquestionable value In the cure of dys-
pepsia and weak digestion. Very few
people are free from some form of Indi-
gestion, but scarcely two will have the
same symptoms. Some will suffer most
from distress after eating, bloating from
gas in the stomach and bowels; others
have acid dyspepsia or heartburn; others
palpitation or headache, sleeplessness,
pains in chest and under shoulder blades,
extreme nervousness as in nervous dys-
pepsia, but they all have the same cause-
failure to properly digest what is eaten.
The stomach must have rest and assist-
ance, and Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets give
it both by digesting the food for It. and in
a short time It Is restored to Its normal
action and vigor. At the same time the
Tablets are so harmless that a child can
take them with benefit. This new prepa-
ration has already made many astonishing
cures, as, for Instance, the following:
After using only one package of Stu-
art's Dyspepsia Tablets I have received
such great and unexpected benefit that I
wish to express my sincere gratitude. In
fact, it has been six months since I took
the package, and I have not had one par-
ticle of distress or difficulty since. And all
this in the face of the fact that the best
doctors I consulted told me my case was
Chronic Dyspepsia and absolutely incura-
ble, as I had suffered twenty-five years.
I distributed half a dozen packages among
my friends here, who are very anxious to
try this remedy.
MRS. SARAH A. SKEEI* -
Lynnvllle. Jasper Co., Mo.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are sold by
druggists everywhere at 60 centa for full
sized packages. A little book on Stomach
Diseases mailed free by addressing F. A.
Stuart Co.. Marshall. Mich.
JEW i&8n Wf&k£iw&~ A *5T" -^
XmS JELr E* JlhaS
Guaranteed Pure^
None So C*oo<3*
Sold EVerptQhef^i,
HILBEKT MERCANTILE CO..
Pacific Coast Agents. I'
DR PIERCES
GOLDEN
. MEDICAL'.
DISCOVERY
r FOB THE
BLOOP.LIVER.LUNGS.
g^ I I A 1 1% Ammunition. Buotlsc and
¦ ¦I aSV Sporting Goods. Largest
I a I I Iti * tock - lowest pricei. Ser.d
I If! K3 fnr cataloKue.
Uvll %^ SHREVE & BARBER CO..
739 Market at. and SIX
¦ Kearny »t.
Schools and Colleges*
9 Bm 1 bI & *Va f 1 SL.
<* jI E^SV 1 B BtgJ O t^^
LEADING BUSINESS COLLEGE OF THE
WEST. 24 Post St.. San rranctsco. C»l.
Established 40 years. Open entire year.
JVrite ror4Uustrate*-«atal3ffu» <firee).PREFECT FAILS TO SETTLE
SPANISH MINERS* STRIKE
Manager of the Bio Tinto Company
Refuses to Comply With Demands
of the If en.
HUELVA. Spain, Nov. 12.— The efforts
of the Prefect have failed to settle the
strike at the Rio Tinto mines, which have
been in progress for some days, the man
ager refusing to comply with the demands
of the strikers. About 1300 miners at Pen
ahlerro. near Rio Tinto, have struck in
sympathy with the Rio Tinto strikers.
SANTANDER. Spain. Nov. 12.— There la
little amelioration in the strike situation
here. The troops are constantly patrolling
the streets. Many arrests have been made.
The wealthier families are leaving San
tander.
twenty- four hours ended at 1 o'clock this
afternoon was .30 of an inch, a total for
the season of 2. OS Inches, as compared
with 4.54 inches at the corresponding date
last year.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VANCOUVER, B. C. Nov. 1Z— A re
markable piece of antique carving, which
must be close upon one thousand years
old, was dug up to-day in the making of
an excavation in the center of Vancouver.
It seemingly had been made at some
primeval date by Indians.
The carving is of brown sandstone and
the work must have been done with a
sharp piece of flint or slate. It is about
ten inches long and three wide and
weighs three pounds. Its two sections are
united by a thin slice of the stone. One
section is a bowl and ' the other is a
carving of a bear's head. The long snout,
the mouth and eyes are so cleverly carved
as to be easily recognizable as an Imita
tion of a bear's head.
But the details of the finding: of the
relic are most Interesting. It was under
the decayed stump of an Immense cedar
tree. The stump looked as If It had been
dead nearly a hundred years and it must
have been growing for five or six cen
turies at least. The \ carving was imme
diately below the heart of the tree, so
that It may have been made by some In
dustrious native of bygone times, who
lived ages before this tree began to grow.
Interesting Discovery in
a British Colum
bia City.
LABORERS FIND
ANCIENT CARVING
LONTJON*. Nov. 12.— Commander Peary, the
Arctic explorer, was presented with the Liv
ingstone gold medal by the Royal Geographical
Society of Edinburgh to-night and at the same
time was made an honorary member of ¦ tha
society in recognition of bis work la Arctic
exploration.
Accepts Position as Industrial Agent.
NEW /ORLEANS, Nov. i 12.— General
Passenger Agent Anderson of the South
ern 'Pacific announced to-day that John
T. Patrick ' general industrial agent of
the Seaboard • Air - Line, is to become ¦ one
of ' >.' the - ¦ Southern • Pacific's Industrial
agents.-.
SURGEONS FEAR KAISER
MAY ' OVERTAX HIS VOICE
Experience Great ' Difficulty in En
forcing Bule That He Must
Only Whisper.
BERLIN, Nov. 12.— The greatest diffi
culty of Emperor William's physicians Is
to keep him from overtaxing his voice.
They have ruled that he must only whis
per a little, and, while he Is not forget
ful of their command, he whispers a good
deal and occasionally utters an exclama
tion.
State business is piling up. Various
matters In which the Emperor Is person
ally Interested are developing: and he. Is
unable to- discuss them, but he listens
to the views and writes . suggestions,
though the pencil runs too slowly and he
breaks out occasionally with whispered
remarks pitched near the surgeons' dan
ger line. No special harm has been done
yet. but as time passes the Emperor's im
patience Increases.
Bank Officers Accused of Fraud.
PORT AU PRINCE, Haytl. Nov. 12.— II.
Delanyre. a director; M. Ohlrich, assist
ant director, and M. Depuy-Baudet and
M. Tipper.hacr, chiefs .of departments of
the National Bank, have been arrested on
the charge of complicity In the Issuing
of fraudulent bonds of that Institution
early in the year, which has already
caused the arrest or flight of many public
officials. The three first named are of
French nationality. The fourth Is a Ger
man.
FEDERAL COURT UPHOLDS . :
ACT OF TOBACCO COMPANY
Decides That It Had the Legal Right
to Refuse to Sell Its
Goods.
ST. PAUL, Nov. 12.— The United States
Court of Appeals decided to-day that the
Continental Tobacco Company did , not
violate the Interstate commence law of
the anti-trust law when it refused to
sell Joseph P. Whitwell, a St. Paul to
bacco dealer, its manufactured product.
The court says:
The tobacco company and its competitors
were cot dealers in articles of prime necessity,
as corn or meal, nor were they rendering pub
lic or quasi public service, like a railroad
company. Each of them, therefore, has the
right to refuse to sell Its commodities at any
price.
The court goes further and says that
the acts of the tobacco company are noth
ln/r more nor less "than the lawful exer
cise of their unquestioned rights, which
are indispensable to the existence of com
petition or the conduct of trade."
Judge Sanborn wrote the opinion, which
was concurred in by Judges Thayer and
Vandevanter.
RAIN DELIGHTS
THE STOCKMEN
ST. PETERSBURG. Nov. 12.— A fire in
the mail car of the St. Petersburg-Mos
cow mall train Tuesday night is reported
to have destroyed valuables estimated at
$3,500,000. The postofflce authorities at
tribute the outbreak to spontaneous com
buslon and say 437 foreign parcels and
eleven sacks of foreign malls, etc., were
destroyed. .
Eleven Sacks of Letters and Foreign
Parcels Valued at $3,500,000
Are Destroyed.
FIRE IN A MAIL CAR
CAUSES GREAT LOSS
Monterey County Reaps
N Great Benefit From
. Downfall.
NEW YORK, Nov. 13.— Judge Lacombe
of the United States Circuit Court gave
a decision to-day upholding the United
States District Court in ordering that
George W. Beavers, indicted for complic
ity in the alleged frauds of the Postofflce
Department, be turned over to the au
thorities for trial, at the same time grant
ing an order allowing an appeal, so that
the matter now goes to the Supreme
Court for final decision.
Beavers Must Be Tried.
HAVANA. Nov. 12.— Several hundred
persons have been thrown out of employ
ment by the closing of the iron mines In
Santiago province. These mines were
formerly owned jointly by the Pennsylva
nia Iron Company and the Bethlehem
Iron Company, but full control of them
was recently purchased by the latter.
Iron Mines . in Santiago Close.
CHICAGO, Nov. 12.— Julia Marlowe was
unable to play at Powers' Theater to
night because of a severe cold, anfl the
management was compelled tor dismiss tHe
audience. It is said that the actress* ill
ness is not rerious and. that she will be
able to resume her work to-morrow.
Noted Actress Is 111.
SALINAS. Nov. 12.-A gentle- rain began
falling early this morning and still con
tinues steadily with a prospect of long
continuance. The precipitation, while it
may retard beet pulling, means thousands
of dollars to stock owners and to the
farmers in this valley.
Reports from the south are that It Is
raining as far as the county line.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 12.-Heavy rains
have fallen in the mountains and In the
foothills above the city. Blua Canyon, on
the line of the Southern Pacific, reports a
downpour of 4.70 inches for the twenty
four hours ending at 7 o'clock this morn-
Ing Heavy rains have fallen at Emigrant
Gap, Dunsmuir and at .Diamond Springs.
Farmers are rejoicing over the heavy
downpour, as It will permit of the early
sowing of crops. - "•
NAPA, Nov. 12.— Wednesday and to-day
a heavy and steady rain has fallen, mak
ing the season's total 2.11 Inches. Last
year at this time 10.25 inches had fallen.
MILTON, Nov. 12.— Rain began falling
here about 11 a. m., accompanied by a
brisk southeasterly wind, indicating a
storm of the same proportions. Grass is
coming on nicely and weather conditions
are all that could be desired.
DENVER, Colo., Nov. 12.— A special to
the Republican from Cripple Creek, Colo.,
says Judge Seeds of the District Court
this afternoon announced his intention of
naming a receiver for the Bimetallic Bank
to-morrow morning. Attorneys for the
bank opposed the action and gave notice
of an appeal.
Receiver for Bimetallic Bank.
AUSTIN, Tex., Nov. 12.— The purchaser
of the "Cane Belt" Railroad is the Santa
Fe Railroad instead of the Missouri, Kan
sas and Texas, as was reported. The
Cane Belt runs from Sealey, Tex., to Mat
agorda, a distance of ninety miles.
Santa Fe Buys the "Cane Belt" Road.
STRATFORD, Conn., Nov. 12.— James
Langdon Curtis, who in 1892 was the Peo
ple's party candidate for President of the
United States, is dead, aged 96.
Well-Known Populist Is Dead.
Professor McAdle of the weather bu
reau says that yesterday's storm was one
of the most peculiar that he has ever ob
served. It appeared heavy and of con
siderable extent In the morning, but
later in the day It divided. One storm
went east at the rate of nearly eighty
miles an hour and the other circled over
Eastern California and Nevada. What
rain fell In San Francisco was only a few
drops from the ragged edge of the main
storm.
McAdie states that clouds bearing: an
immense amount of moisture passed over
the city last night on their way to Ne
vada. The winds raged and the floods de
scended all day in the sagebrush State.
The rainfall at the Farallones was .01 of
an inch, in San Francisco .06 of an Inch
and on Mount Tamalpais more than an
inch and a half. The storm had not
reached Fresno at 5 o'clock last night,
but the forecaster predicts rain for the
south for to-day. In this city the weath
er will be a little clearer to-day, but an
other storm is thought to be on the way
here.
Metal Workers Give Up Strike.
BERLIN, Nov. 12.— The metal workers*
strike is at an end, the men deciding to
return to work under the old terms.
NAPA, Nov. 12.— The Napa Valley Packing
Company's big cannery 'n Bast Xapa closed
at noon to-day for the season. The firm pack
ed 130,000 cases . of goods .: during the season,
of which 45,000 were tomatoes, aa unusual
output- v
Rainfall in Oakland. «
OAKLAND, Nov. 12.— Rainfall for
CHICAGO, Nov. 12. — Constant
scenes of disorder throughout a
district approximately of fifty
square miles in extent resulted to-
day from the Institution of - the
strike by employes of one of the two
principal surface street railway companies
in Chicago. All along the lines, wherever
cars were started, strike sympathizers
made desperate onslaughts upon the
crews, beginning at dawn of day and con
tinuing as long as cars remained on the
tracks. The tie-up was made complete.
A number of cars were wrecked, and
that no person was killed was no fault of
the rioters. One man's back was broken.
The first shot of tha strike was fired at
Wentworth avenue and West Sixty-ninth
street, where several hundred persons
tried to hold up a train. - •
Many persons, chiefly non-union Btreet
car men, were injured by flying stones or
splintered glass. Two women were
among those hurt.
Excepting a few dozen passengers, who
had to flee from the cars, the 300,000 daily
patrons of the company were forced to
try all sorts of other methods in order to
get down town and buck.
MAYOR HARRISON NEUTRAL,
With faces and hands bleeding from the
attacks by strikers, the motormen, grip
men and conductors who tried . to run
trains entered the barns and refused to
go out again unless the trains bore pla
toons of policemen or patrol wagons were
alongside. The police confined their ef
forts to seeing that the passage of cars
from, the barn was unobstructed and that
crowds and. blockades In the streets were
cleared away. This was done under or
ders from Mayor Harrison, whose an
nounced purpose was to preserve an Im
partial attitude, taking sides neither for
nor against the strikers or the street car
company, which, though known as the
Chicago City Railway, is a private cor
poration. Its lines extend through the
south side of the city, radiating from the
business center.
Developments regarding the action of
the municipal administration hinge large
ly upon a new official, Herman F. Schut- ;
tler, who to-day, under appointment by
the Mayor, assumed the duties of Assist
ant Chief of Police. Schuttler will be In
direct charge of police arrangements dur
ing the contest. . His duties heretofore
have been restricted to the north side of
the city, a section entirely removed from
the scene of the present difficulty and not'
penetrated by. the lines of the city rail
way. Schuttler is the man who tracked
and arrested Anarchist Louis* Linng after
the Haymarket riot and subsequently sent
Adolph Luetgert, the wealthy sausage
manufacturer, to die, under conviction of
wife murder. Schuttler is about 6 feet 4
Inches tall. He has a remarkable record
for -personal daring and astuteness.
TALK OF INTERVENTION.
The possibility of Federal' Intervention,
under certain conditions, is being dis
cussed. The situation In this respect was
outlined to-day ¦ by Postmaster Coyne,
who said: • .o
Thus far there U no cause for alarm as. to
the mall service. It Is true trains have been
delayed, but that is not serious enough to re
port to Washington. The street car company
owns the mail cars, and by contract Is obliged
to run them in separate trains and deliver
mall at specified points. There'll no ground
for objection against the company sending out
mall trains between passenger trains What
else can the company do? If serious delay
occurs we will report the fact to" Washington
and act on , instructions rroin tha • Postofnce
Department. *.•••. .
Before nightfall President D. 1 G. Ham
ilton and General Counsel i Bliss of the
railway, company, after -• endeavoring to
operate cars in defiance of the trainmen,
announced after a conference with Mayor
Harrison that the attempt would be aban
doned for the day. The railway officials
declare that 30 per cent of their employes
are loyal, and that if accorded sufficient
protection by the Police Department the
company will be able to man and ope
rate its cars. A further effort to run cars,
each car accompanied by a squad of po
lice in a patrol wagon, will be made, it is
expected, to-morrow.
WAGONS REPLACE CARS.
As a result of the tie-up of the surface
lines, the elevated and steam roads tra
versing the strike bounds were taxed to
their utmost capacity. Train service on
all lines was doubled and an effort made
to accommodate the thousands of addi
tional passengers. Meanwhile bus lines,
hacks and express wagons with Impro
vised seats did a thriving business In
transporting passengers.
The strike is the outcome of persistent
demands for increased wages. To-day
about 3000 men, practically the entire
forces of the company's wage earners,
were idle, the number at any time run
ning cars being but a small fraction of
the number usually at work.
The company's stationary firemen, who
also have presented demands upon the
company for increased wages, and to
whom the trainmen looked for assistance,
declined to go out, expressing their belief,
after a conference with General Manager
McCulloch of the railway company, that
he had not refused arbitration.
The committee representing the firemen
offered Its services to the company as
mediators. Whether or not the offer will
be accepted has not been decided. ¦
WILL START CARS TO-DAY.
The attempt to run passenger trains
with non-union crews was abandoned dur
ing the afternoon and, with the excep
tion of the mall car service, which was
carried out according to the regular
schedule, traffic on all lines controlled by
the company was at a complete stand
still. According to statements made by
the officials to-night, as many trains as
can be manned by non-union crews will
be pressed into service for the early morn
ing rush to-morrow. Each train will
carry a half dozen policemen as a body
guard to protect the crews from the vio
lence of strike sympathizers.
Derogatory remarks regarding the un
ion by an armed non-union employe of
the company caused a riot at Thirty
sixth and State streets to-night. The
man was chased Into a store near by and
before the police could reach the spot
a -mob of 2000 persons surrounded the
place, howling for the life of the refugee.
A squad of police, after a great deal of
difficulty, finally quelled the disturbance
and removed the man to a place of safety.
Although the full list of the Injured in
the street car strike rioting to-day is un
doubtedly large, the police secured the
names only of those whose wounds were
of- a serious nature.' The most serious
cases probably are those of H. S. Orton,
a conductor, who was beaten while try-
Ing, to run a Cottage Grove-avenue cable
train, and his grlpman, William Watson.
Besides being hit by missiles, these men
were dragged from, their car by the riot
ers and beaten. Orton may not live.
Albert < Barren, a non-union • motorman
on the Wentworth-avenue line, was taken
to his home unconscious from having
been hit 1 on the head with a brick, but
he will recover. Two men at the Seventy
seventh-street barns were badly bruised
by: missiles: thrown by rioters.
Lake City Mobs Attack Non-Union Crews
and Succeed in Tying Up Entire
Railway System.
LOCAL BUTCHERS AID
LOS ANGELES STRIKERS
Marine Cooks Pass Resolutions of
B-egret for Pour Departed
Members.
The local Butchers' Union last night
donated an additional $100 toward aiding
their striking brethren in Los Angeles. A
few days ago the union donated a similar
amount to the same cause. It was de
cided by the executive committee of the
union to issue white union cards for the
months of November and December. On
and after January the due of the Butch
ers' Union will be 75 cents a month.
The Marine Cooks' Union met last night
and adopted resolutions of regret for the
death of four of their comrades, who
perished on the Ill-fated steamer South
Portland. Following are the resolutions
adopted:
Resolved. That In the death of 'William T.
Coleman. George Gould, Benjamin Lewen and
J. Wright, the Marine Cooks 1 and Stewards'
Association of the Pacific has lost members
ftaiich in their adherence to union principles
and loyal to their obligations of personal
friendship, worthy comrades and true men;
and be it further
Resolved. By the member* of this associa
tion in regular meeting; asF*-mble<l, that we ex
tend to the bereaved relatives of the deceased
our tilncerest sympathy.
At a. meeting of the Building Trades
Council the strike of the workmen em
ployed In the various planing mills of
Stockton was discussed. It was decided
to take immediate action in the case, as
reports show that the strike has injured
union men and the planing mill industry
In this city.
Rockefeller has written Mr. Kebler a con
gratulatory letter expressing his approval
of every step taken."
PUEBLO. Colo., Nov. 12.— Official con
firmation of the rumors that have been
prevalent for some time. In effect that
the Mlnnequa plant of the Colorado Fuel
and Iron Company would be clpsed on
Saturday, was had to-night in a state
ment from Vice President Wellborn, who
said:
Owing to the strike we have found it nec
essary to close & portion of our Pueblo plant.
Thl» will be done on Saturday night. We have
not decided yet Just what departments will
be closed or how many men will be laid off.
We hope to be able to start them again in a
few days at the farthest. There is nothln*
r.ew in the strike situation from our point of
view. . v
Notices were posted to-day in most of
the departmsnts of the big plant that the
men would receive their pay up to date
by calling at the office. It is expected
that all of the departments, with the ex
ception of one blast furnace, the machine
shops and the wire mills, will be closed
on Saturday night.
The coal supply within the fence of the
plant is about 30,000 tons, which Is less
than three weeks' supply for the entire
plant. Not enough coal is being received
to warrant continuing the various depart
ments In operation.
Until recently about 6000 men have been
employed at the plant. Although no
statement has been made as to the num
ber that will be affected by the suspension
of operations, a conservative estimate
would bring the number to 4000.
FOE OF UNIONS WHO HAS BEEN IMPORTED BY CHICAGO EMPLOY
ERS, THE LAKE CITY/'o MAYOR AND BILLIONAIRE WHO IS
FIGHTING THE COAL MINERS IN COLORADO.
TRINIDAD. Colo.. Nov. 12.— J. E.
Maltby of the Colorado Fuel and
Iron Company declared to-day
that the report that John D.
Rockefeller had ordered conces
sions made to the miners is absolutely
without foundation.
"You can add, also," he continued,
"that It will be a fight to a finish. Mr.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOXIA, Wash., Nov. 12.— R. A. Fal
coner, an old miner of Aberdeen, in this
State, is organizing an expedition of 100
men with the double object of conquer
ing the natives on a cannibal Island on
the Mexican coast and exploring the isl
and, which is supposed to be rich in gold.
According to reports, the island is ex
ceedingly difficult of >access, its inhabi
tants having killed and eaten every white
man who has visited their shores within
the memory of man. Falconer declares
he has secured the necessary consent
from the Mexican Government, together
with a promise of a bonus payable In
silver if the island is subdued. Falconer
places the bonus, at $1,000,000. He has
signed fifty-three men and will get the
balance this week from a long list of
applicants. He accepts only hardened
miners and -woodsmen inured to hard
ships. The party will be thoroughly
armed, its equipment including two
Maxim rapid-fire guns and one Gatling.
Falconer believes the island is rich In
gold and that the natives can be «on
quered . providing, his expedition is able
to make a landing. He is now In corre
spondence with Washington authorities
with the object of securing permission to
embark on such an expedition.
Rockefeller Favors a
Finish Fight With
Miners.
Northern Miner Would
Slaughter Island
Tribe.
BOSTON, Nov. 12.--President Roose
vtifs name and his action in the so-called
Miller "open shop" cise were brought be
fore tltf convention «f the American Fed
eration of Labor to-4ay, when several del
egates criticized hi* decision not to dis
criminate against ton-union labor in Fed
eral employment. .The question came be
fore the convention from the committee
on resolutions is the form of a report
that a resolutioa on the "open shop" is
sue be referred ¦ to the committee of the
executive cour^ll. The substance of the
resolution was that the "open shop,"
whether under private or Government
control, "cannot be recognized by orga
nized labor."
Delegate J. M. Barnes of Philadelphia,
president of the Clgarmakers' Interna
tional Urion, declared that President
Roosevelt's decision was a "slap In the
face" for laboring people.
President D. A. Hays of the Interna
tional Association of Glassblowers defend
ed the President's action. Eventually the
resolution was committed to the commit
tee from which it originated.
A resolution was adopted urging that
the Government construct all its ships in
Government yards, on the ground that
such a policy was fairer to labor.
The preamble to the "open shop" reso
lution indicated that it was based upon
the Miller case, prowing out of trouble in
ihe Government Printing Office in Wash
ington. A motion was made, and later
withdrawn, that the resolution be taken
up by the convention ss a whole. First
Vice President James Duncan of Wash
ington advocated the acceptance of the
i-ommittw's report. Delegate Barnes of
Philadelphia, president of the Clgarmak
ers' International Union, said President
Roosevelt's decision that the "open shop"
must be maintained in all cases of Fed
eral employment was a "slap in the face"
for laboring people.
Another delegate held that a public
"open shop" conducted by President
Roosevelt was just as bad as a private
'"open shop" conducted by President Par
ry of the National Manufacturers' Asso
ciation.
President Hays of the International As.
pociation of Glassblowcrs said he was
convinced that any delegate In the con
vention would act just as President
Roosevelt had done under the circum
stances. A motion that the subject be
K'ubmitted to the commute on resolutions
was adopted.
Bricklayers Go Out on Strike.
NEW YORK, Nov. 12.— Work on build
ings in course of construction by the
Fuller Construction Company in this cily
has been stepped abruptly by a strike of
union bricklayers. Pending adjustment
of the difficulty all work of the company
is= at a standstill and nearly 1000 men are
idle. The men assert that the company
has sublet some work to a concern which
it declared "unfair." The offlciaJs say
they will make no effort to employ non
union men.
MOSCOW, Nov. 12,— General Dragomir
off, the retired Governor General of Kleff,
has left here for his estates, the Czar hav
ing no further use for his services. The
circumstances of the summary dismissal
of General Dragomiroff have just leaked
out They strikingly Illustrate the hu
manitarian ideas of the Russian ruler.
Dragomiroff lost favor and his office be
cause he did not show moderation In quel
ling the recent strike riots at Kleff, which
practically Involved all the working peo
ple of the town. Hearing that the strik
ers might cause a repetition of the Kish
inev scenes, Dragomiroff called out the
artillery and caused a wholesale slaughter
of the rioters. It is said several hundred
of them were killed. When the Czar heard
the facts he at once dismissed Drago
mirofl with the words: "I cannot have
that man at Kieff any longer. His hands
are stained with human blood."
ST. PETERSBURG, Nov. 12.— The result
of the inquiry instituted by the Czar into
the cause of the increasing poverty of
the peasantry has been published. It is
a highly Important document, and In a
supplement to the Czar's manifesto on
civil and religious rights it recommends
the education of the peasants.
The commission appointed to carry out
the inquiry was thoroughly representa
tive, containing village elders and landed
proprietors as well as Government offi
cials. They attribute the* decline In pres
ent prosperity to oppressive passport reg
ulations, labor restrictions and lack of
education.
PLANS ATTACK
UPON CANNIBALS
Dismisses Him Because of His
Lack of Moderation in
Handling Rioters.
Referred Back' to the
Commitlea.
Resolution of Criticism Is
Federation of Labor De
bates the President's
Attitude,/
Russian Ruler Makes an
Example of General
•Dragomiroff.
TOILERS DISCUSS
THE "OPEN SHOP"
CRUELTY STIRS
WRATH OF CZAR
CHICAGO STREETCAR LINES
IDLE AFTER A RIOTOUS DAY
• ¦¦-: ¦ • • "¦ . ¦ - .
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1903.
3
HEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
? —————— — — — ________ - __
TOXTR SAT
asay B» a Stylish One. Bat It Hake*
Trouble.
A man usually buys a hat that's "in
style." but the modern hat tor men has
lots to answer for.
Baldheads are growing more numerous
pvery day. Hats make excellent breed-
ing places for the parasitic serms which
sap the life from the roots of the hair.
When your hair begins to fall out and
your Bcalp Is full of Dandruff it is a
sure mign that these countless germs are
busily at work.
Thf-re is but one way to overcome the
trouble and kill the germs — that way Is
to apply Newbro's Herpldde to the scalp
— it will kill the germs and healthy hair
is sure to result.
Bold bv leading druggists. Send 10c in
Ftamr>s for sample to The Herpldde Co..
Detroit. Mich.
CASTOR I A
Tor Infants and Children.
The Kind You Have Always Bought
Bears the yrfiTZZT
Signature of (~*Laj£rff7<6&/UA£
Grocers like Schilling's Best
. ¦ t<-» balcias-powdcr >|>ires
eofTc* farorir.; txincta soda •
as well as you do; they like the
moneyback business too #
DR. KILMER'S SWAMP-ROOT.
THOUSANDS HAVE KIDNEY
JOltE AND DON'T KM IT
BpSl IMiiii
I nil j V.j|jl|fj^jTrr^J r:: :, : . ;j; v : 3~~L_--- Mi_^^
To Prove what Swamp-Root, the Great Kidney Remedy,
Will Do for YOU, Every Reader of "The Call" May
Have a Sample Bottle Sent Free by Mail.
Weak and unhealthy kidneys are responsible fop more sickness
and suffering than any other disease -therefore, when, through
neglect or other causes, kidney trouble Is permitted to continue,
fatal results are sure to follow.
Your other organs may need attention— but your kidneys most,
because they do most and need attention first.
If you are sick or "feel badly,'* begin taking Dr. Kilmer's
Swamp-Root, the great kidney, liver and bladder remedy, because
as soon as your kidneys begin to get better they will help all the
other organs to health. A trial will convince anyone.
The mild and immediate effect of Dr. day, smarting or irritation in passim*.
Kilmer's Swamp-Root, the great kidney brickdust or sediment in the urine,
and bladder remedy, is soon realized. It headache, backache, lame back, dizzi-
stands the highest for its wonderful ness, sleeplessness, nervousness, heart
cures of the most distressing cases, disturbance due to bad kidnev trouble.
Swamp-Root will set your whole sys- skin eruptions from bad blood, neural-
tem right, and the best proof of this gia, rheumatism, diabetes, bloating:, ir-
is a trial. ritability. worn-out feelinsr. lack of am-
u e\st 120TH st xew tork citt. bition. loss of flesh, sallow complexion.
Dear sir: Oct. 15. 1002. O r Brijiht's disease.
"I had been suffering: severely from kidney j f water, when allowed tO «-
tmnhl» All svmrtoms were on hand; my ... . \ ¦ < t ,j t
f™mer Btrength and power had left me; i mam undisturbed in a elass or bottle for
could hardly drae myself aions. Even my twenty-four hours, forms a sediment or
nc x^JSid?SrJ settling or has a -cloudy appearance, it
me"nt of yours in a New York paper, but would j s evident that your kidneys and blad-
y g u\TanV^ n w?th l %ve a rt 1^e der need immediate *«™«™:^.
of your medicine, assertin* that your Swamp- Swamp-Root IS the Jfreat discovery Of
Root is purely vegetable and does not contain rj r Kilmer, the eminent kidney and
fErS^ffoffSui i^'V^coP^i bladder specialist. Hospitals use it
can recommend Swamp-Root to all sufferers wonderful success in both Silent
ram™ v k have y oeefu'ln* ltY«™ R^Tr 0? f f SS and severe cases. Doctors recommend
different kidney diseases with the same good it to their patients and use it m their
results." „,„..„ own families, because they recojrmze
with .—^"giy 40^. 1 in Swamp-Root the greatest and most
Robert berxer. successful remedy.
You may have a sample bottle of this Swamp-Root is pleasant to take and
famous kidney remedy. Swamo-Root. is for sale the world over at druggists
sent free by mail, post-paid, by which in bottles of two sizes and two prices
you may test its virtues for such dis fifty cents and one dollar. Remem-
orders as kidney, bladder and uric acid ber the name, Swamp-Root. Dr Kil-
diseases poor digestion, when obliged mer s Swamp-Root, and the addres3.
to pass your water frequently nieht and Binghamton, N. V, on every bottle.
EDITORIAL NOTICE— If you have the slightest symptoms of kid-
ney or bladder trouble, or if there is a trace of it in your family history send
at once to Dr. Kilmer & Co.. Binghamton, N. Y.. who will g adly send you
bv mail immediately, without cost to you. a sample bottle of Swamp-Root
and a book containing many of the thousands upon thousands of testimonial
letters received from men and women cured. In wrmn* be sure to say that
you read this generous offer in the San Francisco Daily Call.! FOUR MEMBERS OF THE COMMITTEE THAT HAS CHARGE OF THE
ARRANGEMENTS FOR THE TWENTY-FIFTH ANNUAL BALL OF
- THE GERMAN LADIES' RELIEF SOCIETY.
Germany manufactures at present
about $200,000,000 worth of cotton goods
yearly, giving employment in Its cotton
industries of all kinds to over 2.000,000
workmen.
OAKLAND, Nov. 12.— Beginning Mon
day the City Tax Collector's office at the
City Hall will be open from 8:30 o'clock
a. m. until 9 o'clock p. m. for the accom
modation of taxpayers. These hours will
be followed until November 30.
For Benefit of Taxpayers. *
Thursday, Norembir 12.
Stmr G«o "W Elder. Randall.. 00 hours frota
Portland, vta Astoria Ley, hours.
DOMESTIC POUT.
ABERDEEN— Sailed Not 13— Stmr Corona
do, for Ean Pedro.
Late Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
Fred Johns, secretary of the Society
for the Prevention of Cruelty to Ani
mals, has the. prosecutions in hand.
OAKLAND. Nov. 12. — Henry Deitrich.
convicted of cruelty In driving a horse
unfit for work, was fined $50 and sent
to .Jail for five days by Police Judge
Smith to-day. His Honor declared that
the case was so aggravated that he was
impelled to impose a severe punishment.
"Warning was given from the bench that
persons convicted of cruelty to animals
might expect very severe sentences here
after because of the numerous com
plaints recently lodged, with the author
ities. •
Police Judge Mortimer Smith Serves
. Warning to Those Who Abuse
Dumb Animals.
PUNISHES THE DRIVER
OF A JADED HORSE
The victim of the attack waa on her
wav home when a negro caught her by
the throat and was strangling her when
she drew a hat pin and Jabbed him until
he screara?d with pain. He did not re
lease his grip on her throat, however,
until rescuers appeared In answer to ttvi
girl's shrieks for help. A posse quickly
formed and after a long chase Green wag
arrested. When the news spread the resi
dents of Bronxvllle brcame furious and
threats .of mob vengeance were freely
made. Special guards were hurried to
the Jail and it Is thought Green will bo
protected. He declares he is innocent.
NEW YORK. Nov. lC-Edwanl Green.
a nejcro. notorious in Mount Vernon, ia
under special guard In the Bronxville Jnil
owing to fear that he will fall prey to
lynchers. He is charged with having: at
tacked a young woman employed as pri
vate secretary to former Senator Isaac
N. Mills..
Prisoner Is Accused of Having: Made
an Attack on a Young White
Woman.
GUARDS PROTECT NEGRO
FROM MOB OP LYNCHERS
OAKLAND. Nov. 12.— Rendered imbe
cile by the effects of a powder explosion
was the successful defense made to-day
before Justice James G. Qulnn In the
case of Frank Hartkop, 22 years old,
charged with the theft of pigeons. In
behalf of the unfortunate young pris
oner it was shown that a year ago he
suffered from a severe shock that was
caused by an explosion of powder near
his home in Berkeley. The young man's
mind was affected, so his relatives
claimed, and he had been in a hospital
under treatment. The case was dis
missed.
YOUTH'S MIND IUTOHED
BY POWDER EXPLOSION
Defense of Imbecility Is Made for
Frank Hartkop, Who Was
Charged With Theft.
The disappearance of Young Roberts is
a strikes parallel to the disappearance of
Superintendent Egan of the Northern Pa
cific, which occurred nearly a year ago.
Roberts and Harlan started on a hunting
trip from here. As Roberts is wholly un
familiar with the mountains and wooda.
there la no hope of h!s finding his way
cut.
"William Harlan. son cf W. B. Harlan.
a prominent resident of Como. was res
cued by a searching party in a dying con
dition from exhaustion on the banks of
Horse Creek, along which they had
tramped for two days and nights in a
vain effort to find him.
MISSOULA. Mont., Nov. 12.— Llewellyn
Roberts, brother of "Wynne Roberts,
prominently identified with a well-known
bank concern of Hamilton, Mont, is wan
dering through the mountains in the Owl
Creek country, starving and possibly dy
ing of exposure and exhaustion.
Drops Out of Sight in
Owl Creek Country
in Montana.
The Republican Club organized last- night by
electing the following 1 named officers: Presi
dent Phil Carey. '(U; v.lce president, G. C.
Blngolsky. *04; secretary, C. G. White. The
meeting was called to order in North Hall by
the president of the old Roosevelt Club, who
urged a permanent organization to take the
place of the ephemeral one that it has been
the custom to call together ju3t before elec
tions. After the assumption of the chair by
the new president a resolution was passed
pledg-trig the club to work for the renominatlon
of President Roosevelt. During the next cam
paign various Republican orators will be In
vited to address the club.
Manager Decoto has been authorized by the
executive committee of the Associated Stu
dents to provide ten Eddy-street cars for the
•Tooters" on Saturday.
Earl C. Anthony, who was editor of the '03
Blue and Gold, and author of the senior ex
travaganza, is recovering from an attack of
typhoid fever at the Harper Hospital In De
troit, Mich. He contracted the disease, which
was prevalent, while preparing to take a grad
uate course in engineering at Cornell Univer
sity. The disease manifested Itself while he
was traveling on the train westward with his
parents and he was sent to the hospital when
the train- reached Detroit.
The teachers' institute at Redding wae ad
dressed yesterday by Professors W. J. Os
terhout and E. C. Moore of California.
BERKELEY, Nov. 12.— Governor Par<Je«
will not address the university meeting to
morrow in Harmon gymnasium, ai announced.
Through his secretary, A. B. Xye. he in
formed President Wheeler to-day that on ac
count of the pressure of buslnesa he would
be unable to leave Sacramento.
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
HUNTER IS LOST
ON MOUNTAIN TOP
Burglars at "Work-
OAKLAND. Nov. 12.— C. Moos, saloon
keeper at Seventh and Henry streets,
claims a thief stole $20 from a sack con
taining $70 that he had locked in a safe
last night.
Burglars made an attempt to enter Sil
va's saloon, C01 San Pablo avenue, last
night, but were evidently frightened
away.
Th© Rer. O. E. Jcies, pastor of th©
Afro-American Methottst Church, whose
vehement denial from Ms pulpit that ha
was engaged to wed Mrs. M. Anderson,
an aged parishioner, ca-.i-.rd mor© than a
stir Sunday night among -he colored folk.
has decided to abandor. any contem
plated action, ecclesiastical or otherwise,
that he might have had In mind. Mrs.
Anderson, despite repeated avowals that
che was the affianced of the stalwart ex
pounder of the gospels, haa likewise giv
en her word that the gossips will be no
longer regaled so far as she 13 concerned.
That this conclusion was retched re
mits from a conference which nas beon
held between the various interested par
t es at the offices of A. P. Leach, prose
cuting attorney of the Police Court. Tho
pastor attended the meeting in company
with W. B. Bridges, steward of the
church, and Mrs. George Turner. Mrs.
Annie Hughes. Mrs. Lucy Dlzard and
Mrs. E. Ames, stewardesses. Mrs. An
derson also appeared. After much dis
cussion the pastor expressed his willing
ness to let the matter stand on his em
phatic denials as uttered in his pa3toral
capacity. He said tae unpleasant inci
dent would be considered closed, provided
Mrs. Anderson would agree to cease her
matrimonial contentions. Upon that the
conference ended. The church officers
say the matter Js one that. If necessary,
can be readily handled within the church
organization.
Oakland Offlo San Francisco Call.
1113 Broadway. Nov. 12.
In wandering through the town of Mar
tinez about two months ago Carthew
came face to face with E. Ericson, who
has an office on Pine street in San Fran
cisco. Eriscon thought he recoRiHz?d in
the tramp a man with whom he had done
business through the wicket of a bank
In New York City and who afterward,
by means of clever forgeries, swindled
the bank out of a large sum cf money.
There is a standing reward cf $3000 for
the capture of the forger, and learning
which way Carthew was going two days
later Ericson, In company with «;onstabl3
Ramage of Haywards. took Carthew into
custody near that city. It was Ericson
and a representative of a trust company
in San Francisco who visited Carthew in
jail to-day and who said they were satis
fied he was the man they wanted.
It is exnected that a man will either
be sent out here from New York tr> pos
itively identify Carthew or else that he
will be charged with the offense there
and an officer with the necessary papers
sent hfire after him. In the meantime
Justice Prowse of Haywards ha3 sen
tenced him to spend thirty lays In Jail
on a charge of vagrancy preferred against
him in order that he may be held tor
the arrival of the New York officers.
Carthew was visited m the Jail to-day
by men who have a photograph and a
minute description of the forgar, and they
say the prisoner is the man as nearly
as anv one can tell from descriutlons.
George TV. Carthew, a supposed tramp,
now serving a thirty days' sentence in
the County Jail for vagrancy, suillciently
resembles the description of a man want
ed for mulcting a New York Dank out of
$100,000 to make his return to that city
to answer to the charge almost a cer
tainty.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Nor. 12.
Matrimonial Question Finds
Surcease After a Confer
ence o! Partie3.
Man Serving Thirty Days for
Vagrancy May Be Taken
East.
Pastor 'Jones Stops the
Wagging of Tongues
in Church.
Description of New York
Defaulter Fits Oak
land Tramp.
CRIES A HALT
T0 GOSSIPING
SAYS CARTHEW
IS BIG FORGER
Half Sole for Men, BOo Up.
Chinese shoe store, 639 Eleventh st.
Phone Franklin 89. " *
OAKLAND, Nov. 12.— The following
marriage licenses were issued by
County. Clerk to-day: Manuel King, 40.
Ryde, Sacramento County, ~and Mary
Figuelro. 35, Oakland; Samuel Estes, over
21, and Mamie A- Howe, over 18, both of
Oakland; Frank M. - Parcells, ¦¦' over 21,
Oakland, and Mary S. 1 Shreve, over 18, Al
ameda; William F.-Sipes, 23. and Rena B.
Sipes, 22, both of San Francisco. -
Marriage Licenses.
OAKLAND, Nov. 12.— H. T. Latly has
begun a suit for divorce against Mary E.
Lally on the grounds cf intemperance
and cruelty. They were married in San
Francisco in 1902. • ;:: ¦' ::->•¦
Husband Wants Divorce.
OAKLAND, Nov. 12.— Oakland" Tent No.
17, and 1 Oakland Hive No. 14. Knights and
Ladles of the Maccabees, gave their ninth
annual ball this evening at Maple Hall.
The grand march was led by State Com
mander and Mrs. S. W. Hall and E. F.
Garrison acted . as floor manager. ;The
members of the reception committee were
Mrs. O. Whitney, MrsiE. Earnest, J. S.
Carney and S. S. L. Relpe. - ,
Maccabees Give Ninth Annual Ball.
OAKLAND, Nov. 12.— California Lodge
No. 2, Hermann's Sons, will give a prize
masquerade ball at Germania Hall next
Saturday evenin, November 14. The prizes
are for patrons only, members of the
lodge not being allowed to compete. The
prizes will be drawn at midnight on the
night of the ball. . ;,;-;• , " v
Hermann's Sons' Masquerade Ball.
OAKLAND, Nov. 12.— Th© Oakland
Cycle Board of Trade purposes to request
the City .Council to, amend the ordinance
which regulates the riding of bicycles.
In the first place the board will urge
that the ; use of sidewalks Be denied to
cyclists except during the winter months.
The Council will be urged to repeal that
part of the ordinance which requires rid
ers to carry lighted lamps at night.
Want Bicycle Law Amended;
OAKLAND. Nov. 12.— Dennis McCarthy,
the aged man who was written up a few
months ago by a morning paper as hav
ing defied the Santa Fe Railroad Com
pany with an armtd force of men, has
sold to the company a small strip of land
on San Pablo avenue for $400. The trouble
arose over the property. McCarthy was
reported to have wanted $10,000 for the
property and the railroad refused to pay.
Then the story got about that McCarthy
and a number of his friends, armed to the
teeth, were utanding guard over the land
and threatening to shoot any of the rail
road laborers who approached the place.
The story was given much prominence In
a local dally, but it proved to be without
foundation. McCarthy did demand an ex
orbitant price for the land when' he
learned that the railroad company was
anxious to acquire it. but he at last con
cluded to sell it for $400 and now admits
that the land was worth no more.
Sells Disputed Stretch of I/and at
Figure Far Below What He
Originally Demanded. »
McCarthy settles with r
• THE SANTA FE FOR $400
On Monday evening, November 23, the
nominations for camp officers will be held
and the election will take place on De
cember 14. A prize whist tournament will
be given Monday evening, November 30.
OAKLAND, Nov." 12.-Head Consul' P.
A. Falkenburg of the "Woodmen of the
World will address the members of local
camps at Woodman Hall, 621 j Twelfth
street, on Monday evening, November 16L
It Is expecte.1 that a large audience will
greet the h«ad consul.
Woodmen Will Hear P. A. Falken
burg at Woodmen Hall Next
Monday Evening.
HEAD CONSUL WILL
ADDRESS LOCAL CAMPS
There another brother met the widower
with a Bhowlng that Mrs. Frledlander's
share In her father's estate had long since
been paid to her and that there was noth
ing due her estate, as a pro rata division
had been made. That ended the search.
Herold still feels bitterly toward his
brother-in-law and exults In the failure
of the Eastern Journey.
Subsequently Herold made a .fight in
tho Probate Court against Friedlander'9
petition to be appointed administrator of
his wife's estate, but the brother lost and
the husband was appointed. According to
Herold tho husband obtained $300 or $400
and Boms Jewelry that had belonged to
Mrs. Frlendlander and then went to New
York City to claim the remainder of the
estate. \ .
Filled with disappointment at learning
that the supposed rich estate left by his
deceased wife did not exist, Harry Fried
lander, a olano salesman, has returned
from a fruitless Journey to New -York.
His failure to realize has been reported
to I. II. Herold, a jeweler at 622 East
Twelfth street, a brother of the dead wife,
Bessie Herold Friedlander, who was mys
teriously drowned from the steamer Arc
tio last April while on her wedding trip.
At the time of her marriage the young
woman was an heiress, It was said, to a
share In her father's estate, which was
valued at $30,000. After her marriage to
Friedlander, which was decidedly , dis
tasteful to the young bride's Oakland rel
ative, the brother made much ado about
It and was seriously unstrung when the
news of the strange death reached' him.
The girl disappeared from the steamer
and was not missed for several hours.
Neither the suddenly bereft husband nor
any of the ship's company could find a
trace of her.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Nov. 12.
The infant was slowly euffocated to
death despite every effort that could be
made to save the little one, who died
shortly after 6 o'clock. •. c , •
Owing to the nature of the case It .was
reported to Coroner Mehrmann, who took
charge. An Inquest will be> held.
The baby had been given one of the
sweets and was Bucking trie bit of con
fectionery when the piece of gum was.
swallowed. It was too large to pass into
tho stomach end lodged In the throat, -at
the windpipe. Mrs. Deck tried to start
tho obstruction, but could not move It.
Dr. "W. W. Kergan and Dr. Miller were
summoned, but their services were of no
avail.
Strangled to death by a gumdrop that
lodged In her tiny throat was the fate
to-night of little . Dorothy .Deck, . ten
months old, the, daughter of Mr. and Mrs.
William O. I>eck, residing at 822 Eight
eenth, street.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadwav, Nov. 12.
OAKLAND, Nov. 12.— The direct testi
mony against Daniel Neeley, the wealthy
Berkeley nurseryman, who Is being sued
for $23,000 damages for the alleged break
ing of a promise to marry Mary Lanigan,
was nearly completed to-day, and to-mor
row the defendant win probably take the
stand in his own defense.
Mary Lanigan, the plaintiff, was on the
stand and told of Neeley's caresses and
terms of affection' by which she said he
won her love. Her story was corrobo
rated in part by Mrs. Rose Davis, a sis
ter.
\ Miss Lanlgan's eight-months-old baby
was an exhibit in the case. Mrs. Doherty,
the plaintiff's mother, testified that she
knew' Neeley twenty-five years ago, and
that he then had hair of the same red
shade ns that adorning the babe's head.
The attorneys hope they will be able to
submit the case to the Jury by Monday
afternoon. ..
Miss Lanigan Presents Her Case
Against Daniel Neeley, the Berke
ley Nurseryman.
BABE IS INTRODUCED IN
BREACH OF PROMISE SUIT
Sweetmeat Lodges in
Throat of the Infant,
Causing Death.
Friedlander Finds De
ceased Wife Left
No Estate.
MAKES BOOTLESS
HUNT FOR GOLD
BABY STRANGLED
BY A GUMDROP
Mrs. A. M. Werum, president of the
German Ladies' Relief Society haa ap
pointed a general committee of arrange
ments and' this committee has charge of
all of the details of the affair for next
Wednesday night. This committee Is com
posed of Mrs. Julius Seulberger, chair
man; Mrs. A. Schlueter, Mrs. C. G.
Schmidt, Mrs. J. Many, Mrs. R. O. Gray,
Mrs. C. Hesse and Miss M. Harding.
and will be one of the most Im
portant of the charitable events of the
Vrtnter J-season. -T£rv ; ball always com
mands attention from the entire popula
tion upon this side of the bay, and not
alone from the German colony, and this
year it will be more attractive than ever:
The ladies of. the society have deter
mined upon a new move this year. Old
Germania Hall is to be abandoned, and
the ball is to be held In an uptown hall.
Germania Hall was for years the center
of festivity in Oakland, but Oakland has
grown beyond the old building, and the
ladies of the German .society finally de
termined that they would have to aban
don the locatityj and go where society
dictates. The result Is that after a quar
ter ofa century of the existence of this
society they have been compelled to aban
don their old home, and move uptown
with the general trend of both society and
business.
OAKLAND, Nov. 12.— The annual
ball of the German Ladies' Rellei
Society will be given on "Wednes
day evening next at Maple Hall,
The largest j?as engine In the world,
having 3000-horsepower. will be sent by
a Bej£ian manufacturer to supply part
°£ I 1 ! 5 , motiv e power of the world's fair
at St. Louis
Mae E. and George F. Har*y to A. d!
Wilson, lot beginning at a point on n line of
lot 6, ISti S of University avenue, W C2 by
6 136, being portion lot 6, block 1, Shaw
Tract. Berkeley; $10. .
P. H. Anderson to Peter Baeher, • lot on W
line of Park Ftreet 58:2 S of Blandlng S
87:2%. W 104:8^. N 87. B 107. block 48. Mln
turn Tract, quitclaim deed. Alameda; J5.
HiVerria Savings and Loan Society to J. H.
Toucgv S 10 feet of lot 144 and X 25 foet of
1M 14«. block 191, Enclra! Park Tract, qu!t
«lalm deed; <L •-rr;*:;
Same to Langdon Ansley. S 40 feet of lot
1. block 3. property John Kearney, etc.. fieed
and agreement Berkeley; $10.
II. P. and L~aura B. Nelson to Adeline de
Walt Iteyr.olds (wife of F. A.), lot on tS
line of Carlton street, 137.00 W of Grove W
85 by S 130. let 7. and D 35 reet of lot 6.
tloclc H. Crystal Spring Tract. Berkeley: $10.
J. A. and Emily V. Marshall to IreniTT
Hamblln (married), lot on N tons of Carleton
utreet. 201 E of Dana, E 85 by N J34-.5 por
tion lots 1, 2. 3 and 16. block L. Leonard
Tract. Berkeley; $10. - v *^ raara
Abhie L. and Joel W. Crocker t o Carolyn
I.. Huntoon (single), lot 11. block 21. Daley's
Bcenic Park, deed and agreement. Berkeley;
R. TT. and Clara L. Baker (wife) to J L
McLaren, lot on XE corner of Alcatraz avenue
of lot IIW, block 1, lands Rtffent-Street Home
stead Association, I>rkelev- $io
Same to eame, lot on N line of Washington
street. W> 6 of Sixth. W 75 by 8 25 lot 17
claim <ieed 1^ C S lerSl>ert:er ' S maJ) ' OakIand ' « ult "
Joeephin* Kantz to Carrie Trahan. all In
terest in lot on H line of Eaele avenue 84 7
W of Willow •treet. W 34:7 by N 120.' AJa
jD da; c $150.
Frtnk M. and Eleanor J. Davis (trustee) to
George W. Austin (single), lot on E line of
Market etreet. 35 S of Thirty-sixth, 8 20 2 by
£100. block M, prccerty Contra! I And Com
pany. Oakland; $10.
Charles H. ana Ellen RlehanJson (by tVll
31am U. Henshaw, rurviving trustee) to J a
Myers. CTO U. 441. lot on N lin« of Eighteenth
street. 100 E of W*»*t. E 50 by N 100 lot 12
5 }< 2S k »Svv Barnes Tract - Oakland, trustees*
F. and CaraiPlita !ic*gle (wife) to P. J.
O'Xelil, lot en SE line of Lo« Angeles street
end Grace avpnue, S 100 by K 40. lot 1, b'.ock
J. Golden Gat«* Tract, Oakland: $10.
Z. T. and May B. Gilpin (wife) to L. G.
J'.urr* 1 *. lot lti, bLnck B. T«-aoh«r«' Trect,
1-orin. Berkeley; also lot 19. liatchelder Tract,
Oakland; $1O.
Ralph U. Ens'.irn to Coast Manufacturing
and Supply Company, let txrinriing rn Mary
street at NE comer of lot 10, block 20, Fltch
l>urg Homestead lots, r-lc, thfno* S to NE
corn'r of lards of Contra Costa Water Com
l«anj-. E-»d SE corner lot 5. block 44. etc..
thioce W to SE coraw of lands of Catherine
K.' Mcrrltt, N to KW corner Faid la*t lands
and lands of R&ish II. Enslg-n, W to E Jtne
of Damon avenue (county road C93 and Da
mcn'« .Lsnfiinr roafi), N along E lino cf Da
mon avpnue to Intersection with 3-acre tract
of C. E. MerrttX, E to Brothers Line, etc.,
slong W line of lards of Mary Wallace to SW
corner thereof, E to b^^lnning-, Brooklyn Town
ship; $10.
Xahurn E. Cousins (widower) to A. D. Car-
Ylll. lot ca S line cf nallroad avenue, 331:0
E of Sixth etreet, E 60 by S 140, Alameda;
$10.
Josephine McG. and ICeal J. McKeon (bus
band) to S. Clln« Koroe. lot on S line of Ala
meda. avenue. :i50 W of Walnut street, W CO
l>y S ISO. lot 17. In E half of block E. prop
erty Pioneer Homestead Association, Alameda:
flO. '
William Mackev (executor estate of Emma
G Mackay) to Thomas E. and Ida M. Mc
oinre. undivided 5-2* interest in lot en E line
<if PVralta street, 30.22 N of West Thirteenth.
?C 5".1O. B W3.37. S M». W 114..15, lots 14 and
ir>. block 5S0-A, map of Pcralta and Center
ftreet lands, Oakland; $750. .
Arr.fSia Calberg (administratrix estate or
I.ouls?e Sohlmmelptecnig) to I. HJ Clay, all in
t«T«>Ft in lot on ND line of Ea« Twelfth street,
TTl *JE of Fift^nth avenue, SE 50 by XE 140.
lots 4 and 5, block 14, San Antonio, East Oak
lend; $1800. I
Amelia Calbeix. Hannah end Albert I?.
Tichcuor. Frederick C. S. Euman, Loolse Sul
livan, Frederick Brhtmmelp!ennlg Jr. and
Lrf-na I>> Ballistrr fhclrs of Louise an4 Fred
erick S< himm^lpfennte Sr.) to same, Eame,
quitclaim de*d, Hast Oakland; $10.
I. H. Clay to G. Fi Oaiber* end G«oree N.
Tichfnor. errne. East Oakland; $10.
B.EAX ESTATE TRANSACTIONS*
Alameda County
ALAMEDA, Nov. 12.— Traffic was im
peded end consternation created for a
short time on Parii street hear Central
evenue early this morning- Oy a live wire
that dangled end sputtered across a trol
ley line, endangering the irves of pedes
trians and horses. Because of the gloom
the wire was difficult to discern and sev
eral persons narrowly escaped colliding
¦with it whiie hurrying along the street
to catch railroad trains.
Edward Crosby fastened a newspaper
to the wire as a danger signal and notified
the manager of the local telephone sys
tem, who detailed Lionel Morel to remove
the dangerous line.
Dangles and Sputters in Street, Im
peding Traffic and Casising Gen
eral Consternation.
LIVE WXBE MENAjCES
PASSING PEDESTRIANS
ALAMEDA. N'cv. 12.— Mr. and Mrs. Edward
A. Randlett announce the engagement of their
eon. Charles Albert Randlett. and Miss Anna
Loutee Guenther of Sacramento. The wedding
win occur in the German Lutheran Church of
that city at noon on Wednesday, the 25th
of this month.
President Joseph F. Forderer of the City
Trustees Is in Los Angeles, where he will spend
a week on business and pleasure.
Miss A. ate Jollymour. secretary of Branch
No. 3 of the Catholic Ladies' Aid Society was
presented with a fraternal Jewel by the or
ganization last evening in appreciation of four
teen yrars of faithful service in the position
she still occupies In the' society
Mr. and Mrs. J. A. Burton, who will leave
Saturday for Los Angeles, where they will
r«»ide in the future, were the guests of the
Mifseg Martin of 1413 Paru street yesterday at
a farewell whist party. Among those invited
to meet Mr. and Mrs. Burton were: Mrs.
H. M. Pond. Miss Pond, Mrs Weeden Mrs
W. B. Stephens. Mrs. De Witt, Mrs* Fred
Farrar. Mrs. Walton Farrar, Mrs. Adam He
ber. Mrs. Joseph Durney. Mrs. Herman Dox
ter. Mrs Frank Otis. Mrs. James Hambly.
Mis*** lu-rv.le and Maude Turrell Mrs George
Hansbrow. Mrs. J. J. Tobln of this city and
from San Francisco, Mrs. Joseph Marshall,
Miws Anna and Grace Marshall. Mrs. John
I Eabin, Miss Sabln. Mrs. Redmond Payne,
Mrs. Louis Glass. Miss Glass Mrs. Gaston
Bacon. Miss Tessa Semple. Mrs. L R E»
lert. Mrs. Harry Baehr. Miss Gweiidolln
O Brien. Mrs. Douglas Crane. Mrs. Charles
2^'^V M if*- M - B ? bin - MrB - Oeor «?e Little. Miss
Ora Williams and Miss Perkins.
The luncheon, given by Mrs. Frank C Wat
son yesterday In honor of the Misses Dunphy
wan a charming affair. Her guests were: Mrs
Wlckham Havens. Mrs. Edward Engs Miss
Carrie Nicholson, Miss Belle Nlcholsoau Mrs
Roy Mauyals, Mrs. James Tyson. Mrs. Albert
Long. Miss Marguerite Dunphy, Miss Alice
Dunphy Miss JCoelle de Oolia and Mrs. Henry
Rosen f eld.
Mrs. Charles Parcclls will be the hostess
to-morrow at a large card party In honor of
her sister. Miss El*le Klmble. Bhe will be
insisted by Miwi Ada Kenna. Miss Marietta
Havens Miss Noelle de Golla, Miss Chariot
Lohse. MIsh UeMie Fillmore, Miss Helen Chaw
Miss May Young, Miss Margaret Sinclair. Miss
Florence Hush, Mrs. Henry Dutton of Ban
Francisco. Miss Bessie Reed. Miss Elsie Ben
nett, Miss Jane Rawllnps, Mrs. William B.
Watt. Mrs. Montell Taylor and Miss Emma
Mahoney.
Mrs. R. W. Gorrill entertained a few friends
at a luncheon to-day, given in honor of Mrs.
Lafayette de Frlese. Covers were laid for
Mrs de Kiiese, Mrs. E. H. Klttredge. Mrs. T.
I*. Barker. Mrs. Thomas Crellln. Mrs. Hanry
Clay Ta/tj Mrs. T. C. Coogan. Mrs. Minor
Ooodall. Mrs. Pedar Bather, Mrs. Q. A. Chase,
Mrs. W. 8. Qoodfellow and Mrs. Paul I/ohse.
Several bandsoftio white ebwns were worn
by the matrons, among them being a white
broadcloth trimmed with fur,, worn by Mrs.
A. U. Freeman, with a white hat, and a gray
crepe de I'arls worn by Mrs. r>. B. Hunter
Mrs. Merrill was a guest and wore an elegant
black lace dress lined with pal« blue silk. Mrs
J. T. t'arothera of Berkeley was attired in a
white sown of French cloth, and another at
tractive gown was that worn by Mrs. Cotton —
an Imported govra of dark Bilk, trimmed with
white applique lace. One of the handsomest
costume*, a rich, white ellk. was worn by
Mrs. James Moffltt. Mrs. Edwards of Berke
ley were a black and white striped Dresden
ellk. Mrs. Georxe Meredith's dress of brown
and white brocade silk, with a big black hat
of chiffon and plumes, was most becoming
During the afternoon several delightful vocal
numbers were given by Clyde Unecott, a
young tenor rinser. who uses his voice with
artistic and pleasing effect. He was accom
panied by Alias Ksielle Drummond.
In the receiving party were many of the
bride's girl friends.- Mrs. Irving Burrell, her
self a bride, was one of the party and looked
charming in a white lace gown. Her Bister,
Miss Kenna. wore white point d'esprit. Miss
Isabella Kendall also wore white — a cream silk
effectively trimmed with sunbursts of narrow
ribbon. White seemed to be the favorite color.
Mies Jean Ixjwney in a lace gown. Miss Bessie
Flllmore In a soft panne crepe and Miss Kd
wards of Berkeley all wearing white. Miss
Ethel Sims wore a pink ellk gown covered
with white point u>sprit. and Miss Edith Beck
also wore'uink. soft silk with white spangled
y*>ke. Miss Helen Chase, who has Just re
turned from an extended visit East, wore a
modish gown of ecru lace over paja blue silk.
A wide ruffle of net finished the skirt and on
the bodice were bands and knoU of narrow
blue velvet.
Mrs. Davis Jr. wore her wedding srown, a
beautiful panne crepe with rose point collar.
The hostess was also in white — a crepe grown
trimmed with point lace. ' Her most noticeable
bit of jewelry was an exquisite miniature sur
rounded by diamonds.
A wealth cf beautiful flowers sent by hosts
of frif-ndfi filled evtry nook and corner. Ameri
can Beauties, gorgeous yellow and white
chrysanthemums and fragrant carnations at
tracting the eye everywhere.
OAKLAXP, Nwr. 12. — In Fpite of the r«Un
tc-day, a coodly number of guests assembled
in the hospitable Davis home on Prospect ave
nue,' anJ fn;m 3 to 6 o'clock, the reception
hours, the decant aDartmeats were brilliant.
The hofctess, Mrs. William It. Daris. has the
harpy faculty of making every one fe«l at
home, and Ehe was ably seconded to-day by her
danghter-ln-law and truest of honor, Mrs.
George Davis.
Juet a year aco to-day, which was also a
Thursday, Mrs. Davis Jr., who wa» then Miss
Florence Lowden, announced her engagement
By an unusual coincidence Thursday has b«en
an important day la the life of the bride. On
that day Ehe was born, on Thursday the be
came engaged, on another Thursday §h« an
nounced that fact, on a Thursday ehe was
weddpd and to-day she made her formal, debut
as a young matron. v - ¦¦'*.<¦
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
The right of way committee has in
hnnd a detailed statement which will
show the names of the land owners
through whose properties the boulevard
¦will run, with the names of those hold
ers who have agreed to give deeds for
right cf way and of those who demand
payment for the strips that will be re
quired. The Supervisors are hopcTul that
actual work of construction can be, com
menced as soon as the rains *cease.
Euch progress has bocn made by the
committee In charge of .selecting the route
through the foothills for the projected
scenic boulevard from FVuitvale to Hay
wards thaX the three commissioners have
announced that the riglzts of way have
been signed »up for almost the entire four
teen miles. In fact, a, report is in prep
aration for the early- submission to the
Board of Supervisors.
T. B. Parsons of Castro Valler, A.
Cary of San Leandro and E. C. Prcther,
County Surveyor, comprise the commit
tee of viewers in charge of the selection
vf the route. They have outlined in con
nection with Ih* provisional plans of the
board a highway eighty feet wide fol
lowing the contour of the foothills and
at a sufficient aJtitnde to Insure a su
perb view along the entire route. It Is
estimated that three years will be re
quired to construct the boulevard and
that the cast will be from $230,000 to
€250,000.
Oak&wd Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Nov. 12.
Sup3rvisors Are Planning
That Work Shall Begin
.-, -An the Spring.
Bight of Way Commit
tee Has a Report
in Preparation.
The delay is caused largely by the lack
of cars. The original order of the com
pany for cars was supposed to be large
enough to equip the lines to Berkeley,
Piedmont and Oakland, but it has been
found necessary to make a second order
that completely duplicated the first that
was given. Until the second order of
cars arrives the Berkeley service will be
given the preference over that from
either Oakland or Piedmont
Meanwhile it is becoming evident that
it will be some time before the regular
service of the new system will be ex
tended beyond Berkeley. The Oakland
service la by a swing car only, and the
rails of the new line have not yet been
laid to Piedmont.
October 26, $326 40; October 27,
$442 30;. October .28, $423 70; October
29. J427 75; October 30. $429 30; Octo
ber, 31. $6C0 25; November 1. $1443 40.
Total for seven days, $4153 10.
This represents almost exclusively a
travel that was Impelled by curiosity.
A little of that travel, which came from
Berkeley, might be considered regular,
but all that from Oakland was of the
excursion •type, as the large amount
taken In on Sunday, November 1, shows.
Exactly what the new system will do
can hardly be determined until commu
tation tickets are put on sale on De
cember 1.
The San 'Francisco, Oakland and San
Joso Railroad, which Is the cumbersome
official title of the new ferry system, has
Issued a statement of the earnings of
the new line for the first week of Its
operation. During this week only hourly
trips were made and only single tickets
were sold. The commutation service
will not be inaugurated until December
1 ; but since this statement was Issued a
half-hourly ferry servlco has been In
augurated. The statement Is as follows:
Oakland Office San Francisco ICall.
1118 Broadway, Nov. 12.
MAKE PROGRESS
WITH BOULEVARD
Second Order of Cars* Is
Placed for Oakland
Service.
Statement of Earnings
of First Week of
Operation.
BUSINESS DONE
BY NEW FERRY
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1903.
Oakland Relief Society Abandons Germania- Quarters and Will Hold
Its Twenty-Fifth Annual at Maple Hall, Which, Will
Hereafter Be the Home of the Old and Popular Organization
GERMAN LADIES WILL GIVE
IMPORTANT CHARITY BALL
4
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BIB l§& 1 • ? s the J 0^ ? f the household, for without
HB RfflT W ' *' Do happi Qess can be complete. How
fijia fgOp M $£l|§ 8we et the picture of mother and babe,
OTiBlur b SSSr angels smile at and commend the
A M iffffh B jfl& E53 thoughts and aspirations' of the mother
li mM 11 ip™ @C ben . din g over the cradle. The ordeal through
w& 1 1 m ffl (9 Br which the expectant mother must pass, how-
Bf SSF B 00 Ira ever ' is so ful1 of danger and suffering that
she looks forward to the hoar when she shall
feel the exquisite thrill of motherhood with indescribable dread and
fear. Every woman should know that the danger, pain and horror
of child-birth can be entirely avoided by the use of Mother's Friend,
a scientific liniment for external use only, which toughens and renders
pliable all the parts, and
great crisis in perfect safety . . ™ ¦ ¦ HI ¦ «a
bottle by druggists. Our book of priceless t |j3P | ST Sffl y||
value to all women sent free. Address fir |na | II |||j
BRADFIELD REGULATOR CO* At/aatm, O*. B H H B WtSL B IS SSF
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
y\ ALAMEDA COUNTY,
OAXXtAHD.
1118 Broadway.
| [Telephone U»1n 1083.
; ; 2148 Center Street.
Telephone 37orth 77.
1435 Park Street.
Telephone -Eagle 502.:\ SACRAMETO. Nov. 12.-Caleb Page
Evans, r one of the oldest men In the
United States mail service, is dead at
Caleb Evans, Who \ Long ¦ Served the
Government on Trains, Passes
Away.
AGED MALE EMPLOYE (
DIES AT THE " CAPTTAT.
VALLEJO. Nov. 12.— Immediately after
the raising of the colors on Mare Island
this morning a salute of thirteen ¦ guns
was fired from the receiving ship . Inde
pendence in honor of the commandant of
the 'yard, wbo;yesterday became a. rear,
admiraL At the same time the flag " of
a captain was * hauled * ', down ;• from 7 the
must of the ship and that of , a rear ad
miral was run up in its stead.
Salute for New Rear Admiral.
VALLEJO, Nov. - 12.— A . statement V as
to ' the amount of money, expended in the
conversion of the • former transport Grant
into a . gigantic dredger has \ been I sub-,
mittedr to*- the \ department at Washing-?
ton.1 The; total ; bid :' for the , work * done • pn
the t dredger; was^ $235,000. : Had % only, .the
original 4 authbriied work ¦ been < done 1
776 9l4wbul1* havelbeen : 8aved,'i and i even
with fall I extras * added : In \ the cost', of the
workr amounted ;lto ] something :less than
$18,000 belov,. thej appropriation...
Money" Saved for.the Government.
SALINAS. Xov. 12.— A few days ago a
boy found Fred Negle. aged 8S j'ears, a
gamekeeper of the . Salinas' Gun: Club's
preserves on Cachagna Creek.* near Car
men, almost dead from starvation and
thirst in his "lonely cabin in the hills.
Kegie. who was nearly dead, said that
he had been * sick for several days. .. He
was unable to cook and had not eaten
or drunk for four days. He was removed
to a neighboring ranch. :
Boy Finds Dying Gamekeeper.
.i. 1 ***. following capital prUes were paid ¦ by
the above M. A : P. Company for October 10.
190S: O. R. Wallman' (hardware and - lock
smith). 123$ Polk etreet,, San Francisco *> Cal "
$3750: Edward Buffard. 84 Arlington street!
6an Francisco. Cal.. $3750: Anton : Depaole
(brass finisher. 7 Bartoi: place)' San-Fran
dsco, Cal.. $1000: B. Fetter (terminal man Pa
ci flc States Telephone Company). .. residing s at
452 Halght atreeu . San Francisco ' ; Cal. t S500-
Patrick McLanghlln (saloon. 502 BeaJe street) ~
Sen -Francisco. Oal.. $50y : i Louisa iTraverso,
4V* Greenwich . street S»a ¦;' Franciacoi,^' CaL;
Each coupon . has the initials M. & F. . on
the faco and back of the ticket. The follow
ing are the capital prizes as decided by. THE
HONDURAS NATIONAL COMPANY of No
vember 7. 1&0B: 72S13 win* 57500 sold in San
Francisco. Cal. ; No. *61« wins 5200O !K)ld In
San Franci*co. Cal.: No. 553 wins 51000. sold
In San Francisco. CaL ; No. 55375 wins $500
sold In Portland. Or. ; Nos. 13985 ' and 7783S
each wins $250, sold In Santa. Rosa and San
Francisco. Cal.: Nos. 1«. 6814. 30370. 3SS12.
6.<*1<J each wins $100. sold : In San Francisco,
THE ORIGINAL LITTLE LOUISIANA
COMPANY OF SAN FRANCISCO. ESTAB
LISHED JANUARY. 1SS7
Owing to the fact that numerous schemes
ar« placed before the public from time to time,
w© would respectfully call the attention of pur
chasers of tickets to buy only from responsi
ble agents and to eee that their tickets read
as follows : ?^HBraa&KBBBnBM^HBBBttrattfl
The Original Little Louisiana Com
pany of Ean Francisco,
BSTABLISHKD JANUARY, 18S7.
SPECIAL, NOTICE TO THE PUBLIC.
: He Z'-. was \'J brought/ , to 'town and ... the
wounds in his! neck were sewed up: Then
he was ; placed in the ; City.- Prison. ; - While
his < attendant fwas out ( f or/a , f ew ; minutes
theiwould^be'V suicide? secured {one of the
bottles^containing ; medicine with ; which
he T: was \ being \ treated \ and ; broke ; It \ over
his T own head. 5 He i next ; to : cut
his iwrists ; with" a; sliver.*of : the glass/ . He
was horribly^ gashed^ about";, the
"when \the ¦ attendant came ; inJ This : morn-'
ing , the patient ; was taken to the ¦ County
Hospital at Oroville. - " , V
GRIDLET, Nov. 12.— A; stranger, giving
his name as John : McMurtry, attemped
suicide in a barn of the ' Harrison
ranch \ west; of [ town /last evening. He
used 'i the i blade , of a razor ; and slashed
his ; throat 7 ; on : both !sldes, falling, how
ever,-r to sever the arteries.
- ;' After* "cutting : himself - he wrote in a
book, with his own blood/ using, a straw
for a 7 pen. ' a rambling story of having
been wrongfully 'accused of a vague ; but
horrible-: crime, » for., which the • people 1 of
a community,' which he located at Marys
vllle,; had threatened: to : burn himl
and Ineffectual Attempts at
Suicide.
Stranger in Gridley Makes Desperate
WRITES ABOUT A CRIME
AOT> TRIES TO END LIFE
Those ' initiated were - compelled to - ap
pear in outlandish costumes on the streets
yesterday/ clean'up refuse, give imitations
of fishing and' other, humiliating exercises.
The students are. much excited.
PASADENA. Nov.^12.— Ward . Smith,
Fritz Calkins, E. Canfleld, Quay '._ Smith,
Paul IWhite. and Amos Shumway have
been suspended '. by . , uie faculty of the
Throop Polytechnic Institute for direct
ing the ¦ initiation in a secret fraternity of
students.- . . A A .
Faculty ' of Throop Polytechnic In
stitute'Objects to a Fraternity
• Programme.
INITIATION CEREMONY
. yj-AtrRg WOE TOR STXTDENTS
VALLEJO. Nov. 12. — Orders have been
Issued at Mare Island for the Solace to
be undocked at slack high water about 11
o'clock next Monday morning and her
place will immediately be taken by the
Petrel, the bottom of which vessel is to
be scraped, cleaned and painted before
she leaves the yard. It Is expected that
the Petrel will remain : in the dock until
high water on Wednesday, the ISth lnsu
Tee vessels which will then be docked are
the Princeton and Sotoyome.
Warships on the Dry dock.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 12.— The case of the
people vs. Ernest . Moore Chadwick. bet
ter known as ¦*'Sir" Harry "Westwood
Cooper, was heard by the Supreme Court
to-day.
Chadwick married Norlne Schneider at
Crockett February 23, 1901. by inducing
her to believe . by means of ' a '.'. telegram
sent her which was forged -by him that
her mother had, consented to the mar
riage. He was tried on the charge of
sending a * forged telegram before Judge
Lawlor of . San Francisco and sentenced
to ten i years' imprisonment at - San' Quen
tln. Attorney Frank . J. Murphy of San
Francisco 'argued -the case on behalf of
Cbadwick before . the Supreme .Court to
day, assigning numerous errors committed
by ¦ Judge Lawlor as a ground 1 for j re
versaL -¦¦
Argument Made on Application for
Reversal of Judgment Rendered
by Judge Lawlor.
SUPREME COXJUT HEARS
"SIB." HABB7 COOPER CASE
Fire Destroys Missouri Town.
AURORA, Mo., Nov. 12.— Jenkins City,
a town of 4000 inhabitants, twelve miles
from here, was practically destroyed by
fire this morning. ,
NAPA, Nov. 12.— John Bertuche, an
Italian, has complained to Sheriff Dun
lap that another Italian, whose name is
unknown, induced him to exchange 570
in gold for four Confederate notes of 530
denomination each. The stranger came
from Santa Rosa last week and went to
San Francisco this week, promising to
return, but he did not. Sheriff Dunlap
has taken up the matter with Chief of
Pclice Wlttman of San Francisco and
they expect to locate the swindler soon.
Gives Gold for Worthies* Notes.
SALINAS. Nov. 12.— Phillppl Plazzoni,
aged 52 years, for over thirty-seven years
a resident of Monterey County, owner
of over 3000 acres, a director of the First
National Bank of Salinas, a leading dairy
man, stock raiser and one of the most
prominent ; persons in the wealthy Swiss
colony, in this county, was stricken with
paralysis ' yesterday morning and Is not
expected to live.
After attending his cattle he went to the
kitchen of his home, near Spence, and
ate breakfast. While so engaged he was
stricken and fell . from his ! chair, where
he was found by his 'little girl and boy,
who at once called their invalid « mother.
She went to her husband's aid, but seeing
his condition, fainted alongside of him.
The ' children's ; screams attracted the
neighbors, who procured medical help.
Piazzonl Is worth about 175,000.
As the charter provides a dollar limit
his action was, it is claimed, illegal, as
only the tax for State purposes was in
volved. By his action the the city of San
Jose will receive 524,000 In addition to
what would have been received In the
regular way. Suits are threatened, but
the lawyers seem to be at sea regarding
both municipal privileges and individual
rights. .
SAN JOSE, Nov. 12.— The community Is
exercised over the recent action of the
County Auditor in his attempt to follow
the Instructions of the -State Board of
Equalization, which Imposed an addition
al State tax of 15 cents on each 5100 worth
of taxable property. The Auditor com
puted the tax so that it Included the city
assessment. . _
For two years the father had lived in
Reddingr working on a railroad section
crew. Since childhood the daughter has
lived at ¦ Old Diggings, a mining camp
three miles from this city.
Barnes' wife died twenty years ago and
the two daughters were taken charge of
by his mother. The man went away and
was heard * from ' Irregularly for a short
while. Then he drifted beyond the knowl
edge of relatives until , to-day, when the
two , were brought together by a friend
of the family. Each . had been in • igno
rance of the near presence of the other.
It was a happy reunion.
REDDING, : Nov. 12.— Mrs. Sherman
Thompson, daughter of John Barnes, and
her father were brought together In Red
ding to-day after a twenty years' separa
tion, during which neither had heard of
the other. . . ,
SALIXAS. Nov. 12.— Mrs. Oda M. Green«
In her rtiit for divorce against her hus
tand. Harry A. Greene, a Monterey capi
talist, has filed a euit' for an Injunction
to restrain him from disposing of his
properly, alleged to be valued at $50,000.
In his anrcrer he ackno-wleiges that he Is
worth 559,000.
Wife Asks for Injunction.
San Jose Property Hold
ers Exercised by
Auditor's N Act.
Rich Monterey County
Pioneer Suffers
Paralysis.
Reunion in Redding
After Twenty Years'
Separation.
CHILDREN FIND
STRIKEN FATHER
LOS ANGELES. Nov. 12.— W. C. Lee, a
retired farmer, 74 years of a«e, died at
the Receiving Hospital early this morning
as the result of " being run down by a
streetcar several hours before. Lee
stepped In front of a slowly moving car
on Fifth Etreet, was knocked down and
pinned under the forward trucks. Realiz
ing that he could not survive if left un
der the car until the wrecking crew
should arrive, the crowd of bystanders'
surrounded the streetcar and lifted It
bodily from the rails. The broken body
of the old man was dragged out and he
was rushed - to the hospital, where a futile
effort was made to save bis life by ampu
tating both legs close to the hips.
Among the volunteers who raised the
car from the body was bis own son. who
was unaware of the identity of the victim
until later.
Street, in Los An
;.*;: '/J geles.
Sad Fate of a Retired Farmer on a
SON UNKNOWINGLY AIDS
FATHEB CRUSHED BY CAR
TAX FIGURES
AMAZE OWNERS
After listening to argument the Council
decided to reject the petition to revoke
the license. Now Mayfield & Powers have
brought suit against seventeen promient
citizens of Napa who signed the petition
for (10,000 damages. The complaint states
that the defendants maliciously published
false and defamatory matter concerning
the plaintiffs.
NAPA. Nov. 12.— The City Council to
day took action on a petition of Dr. C.
H. Farman and others to revoke the li
cense of a saloon conducted by May wield
& Powers. The Council chamber was
crowded with interested spectators. At
torneys appeared for both sides. Many
witnesses were called by the prosecution
and defense. It being charged that a bar
tender of the saloon served liquor to
Frank W. Martin while the latter was
Intoxicated.
PARENT MEETS
LONG LOST CHILD
his home In this city. He was a native of
Maine, aged 75. He had been a mail
agent for thirty-five years, most of the
time having charge of the train running
between this city and Ogden. Utah, which
Is said by experts to be the hardest in
the United States.
Failure of a Petition in
Napa Has a Lively-
Result.
"Relative to placing Monterey County
above the State and Federal quarantine
line. I beg to state that I have taken the
question up with the United States De
partment of Agriculture and my request
to that efTect has been granted, so that
from now on. or rather, beginning with
the season of 1304, Monterey County wi!l
be free from cattle quarantine restric
tiona.
SALINAS. Nov. 12.-The cattle quaran
tine which has been in force In this coun
ty several years and which has caused
r.o end of trouble and annoyance, as well
as financial loss, has at last been raised.
Etate Veterinarian Charles H. Blemer has
notified the chairman cf the Board of Su
pervisors as follows:
QUABAHTINZ OK" CATTLE
RAISED IN" MONTEEEY
Dsparfcnent of Agriculture Consents
That Bestrictions Be No Longer
in Force.
PORTLAND. Nov. 11-For three months
the local police have been awaiting the
arrival of the bark Professor Koch, in
order to arrest Max Dahms. an alleged
embezzler, from Berlin, Germanv, who
took passage in the vessel from Hamburg:.
When the Koch anchored here detectives
boarded her. but found that Dahms had
left the boat at Port Los Anseles.
The officers of the Professor Koch ad
mitted that Max Dahms did accompany
them from Hamburg an«l that he was
neither a passenger nor member of. the
crew. They were willing to divulge very
little Information on the subject. Sailing
vessels are not permitted to carry pas
sengers and so Dahms signed to make
the voyage to America, but he was as
signed to no duty of any character.
The officers say that upon arriving at
Port Los Angeles Dahms went ashore
Rnd that was the last time thev'saw him.
From local police sources It Is gathered
that under the pretense of wanting money
as security to obtain a position in a Ber
lin bank Dahms Induced his wife to give
him 11,903 marks, or about $30CO In Ameri
can money. Then he is said to have de
camped on the Professor Koch and to
have started for the Pacific Coast.
Special Dlsx^atch to The Call.
Alleged Fugitive Not on
Steamer When She
Arrives.
SALOON-KEEPERS
SUE CITIZENS
SACRA1IETO. Nov. 12.— John H. 'Woods
and Joseph Murphy. Folsom prison con
victs, who are charged with having mur
defed Guard William Cotter during the
prison break In July last, appeared in
J'jdpe Hart's court this morning: for trial,
.but owing to the fact that the trial of
Winnie Blohm, charged with the murder
of her baby, is now In progress, the cases
were continued until Monday next. At
the request of the attorneys for the de
fense the accused men will have sepa
rate trials, although the evidence in both
cases will be the same. Woods will be
tried first. >;,
Trial of Convicts Postponed.
The robbers from inexplicable careless
r.ecs failed to search an open safe, which
<" ntaired more than $2500, or to rob any
cf the men whom they lined up against
the wall. These men had received their
wages for the previous month the day
before and there was an aggregate of
about $3X) in their possession. Nick Cas
ciato a.:or.e had $13 In gold in his trous
ers pocket.
ROBBERS SHOW 2JEBVE
BITT OVERLOOK THE COIN
Z>-rge Sum I*eft Behind by Bandits
Who Hold TJp Fourteen
Men.
PORTLAND. Or.. Nov. 1*.— Two masked
rr.cn ertc-rcd the Exchange salocn at 11:C5
o'clock last night, and, lining up the four
teen occupants of the barroom at re
volver points, robbed the cash register of
a trif.e more than $35. Th*n. with the
warning that the first man who attempted
t-> follow them out would be shot dead,
ittry backed out of the place and disap
r«ared from sieht.
MARTSVILLE. Nov. 12.— At an early
Jour this morrlnc the lifeless body of
Nels Jchnjon. a well known and highly
r*>s peered Sarnier and fruit grower of Sut
ter County, was found lying in the coun
ty road about two miles south of Tuba
City. ¦/'.'
At first foul play was advanced as a
theory cf death, but investigation re
vealed the fact that Johnson was the
victim of a runaway or overturned wag
on. He left this town last night at 11
o'clock to go to his Sutter County home
f:ear Tudcr, a distance of twelve miles.
driving tuo horses to a light spring
wagon.
Helow Tuba City the road is on top of
the levee and as the right was dark and
ralnir.g it is thought that the horses left
The road and upset the wagon. Whether
death was caused by the fall or from ex
;->jsure is a. matter of conjecture. ' The
lody was found by men working on the
Jevee and reported to the Coroner.
The horses were standing near the
corpse. There are no apparent cuts or
Vrui&es en the body. Johnson was un
rr.arriod and wealthy.
?
Death Follo-ws Bunaway Accident.
• SONOMA. Nov. 12.— John A. Dow. em
ployed on the William Hyde ranch, three
ir.iles south cf town, died this morning
from injuries received in a runaway ac
cident, which occurred a couple of days
Ego. Ke was driving two spirited ani
mals attached to a spring wagon and had
c lighted to open a gate leading Into the
ranch vrhen a rabbit suddenly ran across
'.V.e road directly in front of the horses.
The animals became' frightened and start
ed to run away. Dow was thrown out.
Special Dlspalcti to The Call.
GERMAN OUTWITS
OREGON POLICE
H. Wittenberg, president *of the Pacific
Coast Biscuit Company of this city, when
seen to-day acknowledged that trouble is
brewing In the trade, but wonld not enter
Into particulars. The agreement entered
into by the combine, he said, has been
In part lived up to, but he Inferred that
there had been some breaks in the ranks.
The president of one of the largest con
cerns in San Francisco recently made a
visit to Portland and Seattle with the idea
In view, apparently, of trying to keep
everybody in line. His trip was not a
success and he returned to San Francisco
much disappointed with the results of his
effort.
PORTLAND, Or., Nov. 12.— Trouble is
again brewing in the biscuit business and
probably within the next few weeks
crackers will be selling on the Pacific
Coast at less than^cost.
More than a year and a half ago the
various biscuit companies of the Pacific
Coast came to an agreement as to the
selling price for their goods and what
was considered an Ironclad arrangement
between the parties Interested. Many
such agreements have come to grief, new
competitors entering the field.
A new plant has started up in Los An
geles, another in San Francisco, one in
Seattle av.d a new one in Spokane. All of
these companies cress each other's ter
ritory, and the new companies, not being
parties to the old agreement, have acted
as free lances and made their own prices.
This has brought about a strained condi
tion of affairs between the parties to the
agreement.
Special Dlvpateb to The Call.
Vehicle in Which Bels Johnson Bides
Homeward en a Stormy Night
Found Upset Near the
Levee,
New Concerns Cross Lines of Those
in Combine and It Is Rumored
Thar the Matter's Ranks
Are Shaky.
Workmen Make a Grewsome
Discovery Near Yuba
City.
President of a Portland Firm
Anticipates Early
Trouble.
Those politicians who have been looking
for some Indication from Governor Pardee
as to his choice cf a candidate for War
den have been disappointed, the Governor
evidently having clung to his expressed
determination to leav»» the choice of a
Warden to the State Board of Prison Di
rectors, the body responsible to him and
the people of the State for ths conduct of
the prison.
An Interesting incident of the present
week in connection with Folsom prison
affairs was the appearance of State Prison
Director R. T. Devlin before the Grand
Jury, in response to a request from that
body. Mr. Devils was asked to inform
the jury with respect to the responsibil
ities assumed by the directors and the
warden, and he made a detailed state
ment. At the same time he told the Jury
that a change In the wardenship was Im
pending, and members tjf the jury since
have said that in view of the approaching
change of administration they would
probably not include In their report their
intended sweeping condemnation of the
prison management as disclosed by cir
cumstances attending the big break at
the prison last July.
Tell Is at present the Assistant District
Attorney of Sacramento County. He is a
Democrat, a former District Attorney of
Mendocino County and served that county
with distinction in the Senate. His stand
ing at the local bar is high, and he is held
in resyect by all classes In the com
munity. As District Attorney of his for
mer home county and as a public prose
cutor here he has had opportunity to
study the criminal classes and he is
spoken of as a man of good habits, force
and determination.
The Sacramento people have been Inter
ested chiefly In the candidacy of Archi
bald Tell for the place, and the belief Is
strong here that he will be chosen. Mr.
Tell himself has preserved absolute
silence en the subject except to say that
he Is a candidate and that If chosen Be
will endeavor to give the State good ser
vice. He has declined to discuss his
chances, but from other sources It has
been learned that they are excellent. In
deed, some who keep In touch with polit
ical events assert their positive belief that
Yell will be elected to the waidenshlp at
Folsom 'at the next meeting of the Board
of Prison Directors.
SACRAMENTO. Nov. 12— It has been
known for some time that a change was
about to occur In the wardenrhip of the
Folsom prison, and It has been understood
that the choice of Warden Thomas TTTl
klnson's successor would be made by the
prison directors before the close of the
present week. -V- r :
Special Dispatch to Toe Call.
Wilkinson's Successor Likely
to Be Named at N?x:
Meeting.
Wealthy Sutter County
Farmer Killed in
Accident.
Clash Among Pacific
Coa3t Companies
Is Expected.
Archibald Yell Is Men
tioned for Folsom
Wardenship.
HORSES WAIT
FOR MASTER
WHO IS DEAD
AGREEMENT
OF BISCUIT
MEN WAVERS
PRIZE MAY GO
TO SACRAMENTO
THE SA2ST FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1903.
: > ; The »un hn« one speck on It twelve times
as , •- -mr^-- i *^ 1 — -*•*'- '*' I I'lllil'i iVmiilllliiMin
5
ADVEBTISEWTTTrS.
Open Sores
can be cleaned out, the suppura-
tioa stopped, and a cure effected
r - by the use of
Only morbid matter is destroyed
by this marvelous germicide, which
allows Nature to oufld up healthy
tissue.
Absolutely harmless.
Used and indorsed by leading
pnys;rians every where.
When not at yourdrcrjpisfs, sent
prepaid on receipt of postal note
for 23 cents for tnal bottle. ,
i Vim V *'
<iI.O »»rioce Street, N**r York.
rStR-Ttimit n— Mt — H»w U Tr—1 in—***.
®Vim. Vigor. Vitality for. Men.
MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
have been in use over fifty
yrars by the leader* of tho
-¦'. '-nn'.-n Church and thetr
•< ;: uerr. Positively core the
worn d<-« in old and your.tr
•rt*ing irom effects of s«!f-
aburr, disstpation,- excesses- or
ctrarrtte cmcklcs. Cure tioM.
Manhood. Irapoteacy, Lout
Toirer. Nlrhr Lowes. Irwom- '
ri. Pains in Bark. Evil DeKlrm. Lame, Back.
|^:cn•ous l>tbCltr. Headache. CcStnee* 10 Mar-
hoes of Sejr.en. —. Varlooc«!e or Con- ,
ri-'patioti. Ftop .\>r *3 M tou» TwHcblne of
•friends. ESocts «r«^T. JT. Immediate. Impart
«cor «d4 rcttrc> c ' E "*»to every function.
Dcii't ret «e*po»<!pnt. a cure i« at band. Re-
itor* «nall. urjl»»x»oped organs. Stimulate
U-.# brain and s?rve ctntr-re; 50c a box; C tor
K 50 bj- rial:. A written cnarantee to cure cr
rr«ner rrfac^fd wtth C box«s. ClrTilam.free.
Address EIEUOP REMEDY' CO.. O'E&Um Bt..
Ecu Franrtecsa. CaL GRANT DRUG CO.. 38
ftad «0 TUrd ct. .
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THOUSANDS
Of people will testify that Kidney and Bladder
troubles nave at last met wlta a conqueror la
McBurney'a Kirney and Bladder Cure. On«
bottle cures. One dose relieves. Take time by
the forelock and purchase one bottle cf
McBnrney's /^Slllk
Kidney and <^ «§i|)
Bladder Cure £?* *7$f
And ret relief Is 20 Jv\ I
ir.tnutf s. It Is a eer- L^ I
tain • and thorough T^jL
cure for p»l»a In the - -¦•^- i ~^
small of the back, stone In the bladder.
Blight's disease. Incontinence of urine,
brick dust deposit, bed wettinj. dropsy,
diabetes, rheumatism.
CHICAGO. 111.. March 20. 1SJW.
SIR. W. F. McBURSEY, Los Angeles.
Cal. — Dear Sir: It affords me pleasure to
testify to the efficiency of ycur Kidney
and Bladder Cure. I have been troubled
with my kidneys and bladder for over |
four years. I have been treatM by j
Dr. C A. Purdy tad Dr. Frank Wetla.
the latter being my son. I reirret to
say they did me no good. I was ad-
vised to spend the winter in Los Ange-
les, which I did. On the nlcht before
I left for home I got a bottle of yoar
medicine. The firct dose did me good
and I was well when I reached home. «
and I ean say In conclusion that I am. m
grateful to yon. If this letter Is of any Si
use to yoa. use It. THOS. WELLS. H
McBurney's Kidney and Bladder Cur* B
prepaid $1 50. Send 23c to W. F. Me- S
Burney. for five days" treatment. 22»S H
S. .Spring st.. Los Angelts. Sold by i\
druggists. ijj
d visit DR. JORDAN'S great $
J MUSEUM OF ANATOHYV
A CS 135HCi^S7a.tet6:U7a.3Jr.&!.^
\ The L«rr«rt Anwinl M«na» « tltc \
Q m!*t*^~ WerUl. Weaknesses e» My c<«ctacte<t A
' W-ff] <L»e»»« jmmttlvrij emre^ ny the okleit <
O l£a| t»t j£> j?in. Q
A ti*3t*h DR. J03DAM-DISEASES OF ME* Q
\ y (A Vi'J 3 Cot«nltttioo bee »ad jairtfy prrorr. \
0 J Jfi^r II Tuanoeni per«m».' l 7 nr br Irttrr. A A
W A W rjn TfMn Or» i» erery cue aadettJttau T
n F 'I »m Write for B-M>k.Pnil.Oi«Ot>nV«f/l
V • (I ii maauct.. mailed rasa. (A.y
1 jj j| rmiiMblt boo. for s-a) h
V DC JO2DA.N & «'«>.. 1C51 MartetSC.S. F. V
jf^^PS^bJ MENAKDWOMEA.
aralSPeCREaSIH C»»Bi?Gfornna»taral
ifiv,, 1 to t d«T»^O di«ch»r(tej.infl«niination».
FJtfia O»»x«it«4 W Irritation* or «lcer»tio»i
HSkM ¦•< w taiatwn. M ol nieoai tn«n!>r»a«».
jfc-»«B rrrak r«.t>«tn. p&in'.aaa, and not utria-
WTZXmlim&lXXilCa. t*at or poi»onwi«.
wjA ei»a>tMTi.t.ffi |t 2H ** ld by D"*** 1 ***
w§^ ta-i. 5§«r °* ¦•¦* ln • l * 1 * w1 Z n 7 e '
"HimilinP^ H Circular toct oa no.aa«t.
:the EMPOBrrjM | . the empobittm | ' the empobitjm j the empoeitjm
¦f * *• * / '• " m \ "'..';;•"••;;; — ----«••- --• -- - - ¦¦ - - -¦ - - - ¦ • -¦ ¦•-- - '-¦ - ¦¦ - s " w " *"
i Ribbons Jot" the Special Sale Goods ordered by mail BrOOCh Pin 1BC
i Football Enthusiast : ior telephone will not be sent C O.D. a i; np n f vprv nrptt v .
5 Thousand* of yards bf the yellow, and blue -^Xyi - S7^ L and Wr?U rmHp *B^Swk&?)J&&2
r» 1 j r 1 1 '*fs §Ls * €> aiiu well lllavJc: *^^>w Wr^T^ST*^)
» and crimson colors resdy for the rush. "*JL£*s w * .^, - , >»> ?^¦l\*£i<Jt
\ Hundreds of bows tied ready forusc. If these tJffif fw/forrfjjlfff br °° C^
J! are not just what you want, we will tie bows free * * 6»-^^##£/4/ fc/mVy'»##/ft CJ> ne\V French gray, '^^&§=§f
jt* of charge after you have purchased the ribbon California's *j*"°^"- i | «!¦¦¦¦ Roman gold and -SQsXiS^
J» at the counter. -¦¦iigyjB»»"*"^ AMERICA'S grandest STORE Picture designs; to-day or.!y, each . . fSc
I Millinery Economy [inexpensive Suits— Furs
5, ¦¦-... ' Big Savings To-day and Saturday m
h *„..«. , >m# .- . This if exactly what we promise and exactly what you rOP WOftiGn QUO mlSSBS
£ <^t%$£&!!£&^£i t *' w^ n^ • w *'°" n 8 y 0 "* t 0^*^ a^ Saiurday, in mflanery,
** /Si^^fc^^^^^^^iis the best bargains of the year. : " The women who appreciate style «nd vahe will icknowlcdge our superiority.
£* ' ngrytT V~??$i^*?^jfP$'~ - Chi!drcn"5 and Girls' Hatj— Oa main aisle eonnten. Eighteen dollars isn't much to pay for a suit. We are showing a pretty
% rai/J|llp§SS»£-& Abcut a °° of thew ready-to-wear, knock-.bu«t and .chool walking suit « this price. It is made of high grade Lymensville cheviot.
i? V« f 5 Alls==r?iS~=S/->5j£i fcats. Tber ars chic, smart, spieniid wearing hats; tome ° . ... r . . j j • v j 1 •« ¦»*•••
* of the 'shaggy ftlt sort, ethers cf the .smooth kind. AU The coat 15 satin lined to waist, and edgings are hacdscme.y piped. MS.
J£ > are neatly trimmed, some with cords, ethers with r?»- tary collar and front are edged with fancy silk braid. The even length skirt
V &1 *3>E>^^y^~^^* bon ' ou pay f/om * x * 50 t0 ?i everywhere far hats unlined. We also have this suit in mannish mixtures, and you will find
$ W #Jk JJf "° bby; ° ur Mlc ¦¦^ ce f ° r 35C it unexcelled in style and workmanship a: the price '.$18.00
* fi|r|fij MUset'or Young Women's Hats— In our regular miuV Miises' Suits— In gray mixtures; coat sack effect and the ikirt gored, raitable for Sale women
5 . . - * 95$ nery department, «:ccnd flew, where the missel can more u well u misses, and a great bargain at the price. .' $12mSO
$ V^-S^^SlS^^ >ty e«mme tiei work, . the.r .tyle, their genteel ap- Q , . thb faI j with coUar!e« suit.
?• i^^^^^S_ VltP<^^5^X rearance, when on the head. The lot includes outing hart «' wvix jun w u , , *"¦" r u « *
J* gohrghats, etc., and an assortrr.cn: well fuited for S treet You wlil fiad the Iar g e « "SOrtmen: of dependable neckwear here a: We
£ ani shopping wear by older wemen. Q SZ lowest prices. The cool days arc h;rc, and if you consider comfort, style
V -~ ¦;:""r*~~' >¦' ¦ Values a? to $3. 93; our price for a days *p M m *F Sf tn d pri ce you will come to us for your furs.
J» Women's Trimred Hats— Ths previous rale of 54-95 ha« was so far. beyond onr - expecutions .
*" that we have had our milliner* make tip another lot fora leader on Friday and Saturday. You Opowum Scarf. . . ... . . . 55.OO Black Opotnxat Scarf. So*95
; V may be mr? the style*} materials and workmanship in' these hatsare the 'ame actually put :nto i u b:Ila Fox Boas, $9,95, $10*50, Military Stole* of Brook Made, $6.00 aad
*, ;6. 50 to 17.50 styles. Th re are no two hats alike in the Jot, and you wL'l be given the $13,75 and upward". #JBfffl£ $8 MO,
%i faTie courteous attention as thou«h you were purchuir.g a hat two or three £fa £* d £S aWfw
»* timcitheprice. Friday and Saturday only ... ...... . . .*$*§" m %3f £2 Many other inexpensive pieces in opposutn, brook mtnk, Isabella Jox, squirrel
* " " :, ' (Second Floor— Left.) \S ' and sable marten. ,
I Me$s e 'unfe%%ar, Buy Your Suit and Overcoat Now
I »i,S*,Sw,', The Long Delayed Cold Weather Has Left Us
r» celebrated high grade cotton ribbed Under- ,
% : 'A Heavily Overstocked, so We've
; *» garmenu in a beautiful shade of *y'?3>— ~ ip^T^ \f^S .mt- * m^ — M ' ~M *m*M »
$ tanj regularly Sl.oo each, for . SOC? CUE Pi*iCGS LiKG MfftMS
Men's Fancy Half Host— Fine cashmere, seam- . \^^\^^Qkf>^ 'Tiffijp^&.
% > less, in Tery pretty stripe i e fficts,apQ- fc f\ vMf \f/ T\ Men*s $20.00 and $22.50 Suits for $15.00— Some of the newest and
»/ regu'arly S oc pair; for two days, 4^«7lr Ik fj.Ji P I \V choicest productions oi the season. The materials, fit and workmanship are
1 5 ' (* f ? in 'H 51 *) £a ¦r 1^^-— 1 — K y \ M of the best. They are the equal of any suit sold by exclusive clothiers at
ll^aScS^hSI^ VA V^//JM$ There are plenty of those fa S hionab'etweed,,wor-
\i Men's Swell Neckwear, in a large assortment V3\\ ¦'_ iteds, pretty ovcrplaids ana fancy mixtures now so popular. ««« »»»
ju t received from- one of the best Eastern / |\ Ift s*^Wi ~~ e coats * rc cut w^ Dirrow > graceful lape's and shape re- JJJJ B p^"*^g^
ft makers; aU the latest shade*, shapes and pat- / \\ ff ', „ ._, taining fronts. We can fit men of all sizes from 34 1042 in. T B A ! fflP
IS^-k^^g^tl^? /I i^^^ d». «—...«« 4. prfc.*™, dd.Mle.rmbc. . . «.V^>
V d I? >»ea. i»a,i the c«,«t iuri« for M If' 1 1 1 IS* » |M Men's Eirtra Value $15.00 Suits for $9.50— M"d:ofoMt
*&T&S2%$gi£:i£& 1 , 1111 ¦ ca^re., fii^,cher«. «"f >»«/•• » J« '«« M ¦»* I S\\
t shirts and drawers, the fleecng b put on br a \,\ U j| \\\M \ si t, w««er patterns The coat* have hand-padded ihou.ders, hair c.oth fronts <3 \AM K>
K new process and will.ontwear the garment: Vl - / ' I I I WAwH \ W\ *° d ** CUt m ** mOf£ p3pakr pronounce them the best O W Am
*; stams are double lewn. each: . . . 50 C I f: Ij 1 I §3ft\|j \W value you ever saw at cur ule prce . . .;. ;,.-.: K % m SJ&
\$ "^if.l^rr^r'.Si-": ( l"l HI \I Men's Stylish $1S.OO Overcoats lor $1I : SO-C.n,c to Ac Emporicm , D <i
K ment.. ........ . ._. . 7Gc iTnin '-¦ ' I ,Lu TT ! \ f'S y° n will readi.y see that we will save you just $3.50 over the best 515.00
J* Ca?hmere Underwear — Fine Australian wool, jfM pdp \ef° B! Overcrat bargain that you can find elsewhere. We think we shaQ interest -
£ in camel's hair and natural shades, and in Ah \Xl ftf. -A 7 hundieds of men with our tale of this line of handsome black Thibet and gray «
aV ribbed garm:nts blue and gray, per gar- i^Jff W' AlS >1 Cheviot Overcoats. They arc built with the new broad shoulder, lined with B? R m y>m
** ment . SimOO $? Q? Si heavy serge and silk sleeve llniBg, b thf lot g, Iojs: swagger efLcts. Plenty |p « fl £ s
S m^^ mm^ "^^—^^^^ . . *^^ of belted kind also. K ow reduced to ¦ J3>
g The Empress _^ ; i '
% T*J?f"%o%2Z?eL.* Bountiful Bargains for Boys
ft ones wj brag about, the ones we think bare -¦ *^ *^
ft? i» equal at th: price. They nt as near p-r- Well Cut Clothltig at Well Clit PHceS
j£ fection ai it is possib'e; the colorings are a=!ect- • ¦/ ¦ - •?*•--. ':•
J» ed to match this season's dre*s jatteTns, an< Youths* Blue Kersey Overcosts — -I Q * weight not too heavy Boys' 2-Piccc Svit — Double-breasted sack coat,knce pants,
we can mitch any co'or or give a contrast if to carry on a mud day, the right thing for ¦ well drc$'ci in reliab c blue serges and cheviots of the correct winter
g desired. They have all the style indent of yoxi^. ,j zeJ , 4 to ,„ ytus . a decided j£ m* f%ff* weight; sizes for 8 to 15 years $3.95
* { 'Section' io—Ripht j - ,. r' IL * * * * * * * • w •>- v. Boys' MacKinIoshes— In tan whip cord effects, rain proof.
£ l * eetton IO "*"*¦' SaUor Svils-For boy, 3 to 12 years; in Eng uh navy 6 w * , : J. $2.45
J GrOCQrECS EmtttUOt*S *"%" an^ cheviots, s.ceves French fash:oned, and
K Friday and Saturday collars braided with black or white silk soutache; pants Boys' Sailor Suit— In indigo dyed bine serges tnd chev-
J. Crosse & Blackweirs Lucca oi, ot. bot.62o lined and triple stitched; the best sailor a» (toff* iots ' s:zsi tOT hoy . t * to Io vear *» wel1 made » » n P crior
tf Swiss Cheese, fine.-t imported. 1b . . . 29o suit in the city for ".. . . .* . garments; the suit . $3*95
I C ~S B^.^ m ; W .^ f0 : ttb ; e 2eo *** totoOtwial-Oxfordgr.y.lincdwitl. red flan-
i' S*t- RiC w "r eW 01 " h "i' I "* ' ; 5?° Boys-Tbb-Wit/^teVaijusWlewi 'that «ve afl wwbg on S* nel » cnt in > e milhar 7 cffc «» br "» bc « ons ; ««S for C
h NabscoWafers-Ramona Athena and Cham- Ltton.; rres fcr + to 14 yeir, . . ........ . . BOO «"O 7"" $3.45
«\ pagne, rteu arly 30c tin, for two &*\%.24c - T J **** ' v*~m-w%*
$ Jesse Moore AA Whiskey, for ¦ . - v , . ......
I a:,;«^:;;; w,;;-,::,;^.,,,;.,^ Children's 25o Fast Black Hose 14c
J These wines regularly ' $). 50 gallon. Extra Heavy lxl ribbed cotton hose, fast black, high spliced heels, double sole, a
V Porter — Brst domes dc, dor. . . . StmOB j in • 1 - it i--t n-
x old Keiicr whiskey-spring - 93 , gai.l^'oS dressy and excellent wearing stocking; sold ordinarily at 2dc pair; sizes
I 0I pu^ r t^'. % . m : n ". pS : tand 3 itg : 6 to 10; to-day (Friday), only ....... ##CBifrht Counter to Heart.
VLord Rosebery is one of the most bril
liant speakers . and . one of the most fas
cinating Influences In i English , public life.
The country never knows quite where to
have : him , it must . be admitted, , and ; for.
some time it did not seem by any means
certain whether : he was likely, to patron
ize Mr. Chamberlain or to return to - his
old position as a Liberal . leader. It has
been said of him. and .with some show, of
justice, that he Is too clever, by half.. and
it has sometimes seemed even to his ad-
Justin McCarthy , gives a rather doubt
ful-appreciation of. Lord Rosebery in the
Independent with the following:
Rosebery an Amateur.
Spider-Web Acoustics.
A French savant points out that spiders*
webs improve the acoustic properties of
a room. He says he knew in England a
hall that was ideal for the conveyance of
sound. In an evil moment it was decided
to clean the ceilings, and all the spiders
were dislodged. The hall was ruined as a
place of speaklngr. The savant suggests
that cotton strings might be hung loosely
across ceilings to improve the sound
carrying properties of a room.
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by thV^
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's) 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1042. *
Townsend's California , glace fruits and
candies, 50c a pound, in artistic fire,
etched boxes, A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market st, above C»U bid*. *
"Habitual users of auinine are slaves
to It. but derive little benefit from It.
Men with malaria 'eat it by the ounce,
and still keep the malaria. The world U
full of auinine drunkards, who pour a
spoonful into the palm of the hand and
lick it down without a grimace. I have
seen them chew cinchona bark as one
chews sum. Others, not habituated, must
take two grralns or ten in a gelatine cap
sule. Before capsules were Invented It
was taken in molasses— and the chances
are that the molasses effected the cure.
Too much of it la nearly as bad as too
much calomel. Great fortunes have been
made out of It. however, and Its ' cultiva
tion in Ceylon and Java Is said to be suc
cessful."
A South American correspondent for tna
New York Press thus comments upon the
abuse of culnlne in fever countries:
Abuse of Quinine.
It seems that Apostle Grant, had trouble before, and five
years ago was convicted of polygamy and fined $500. Going
to the Mormon view of it as a" question of morals, we find
that proof of that which the law of his State makes a felony
did not injure Mr. Grant in the estimation of the church.
Is Unthinkable that the Methodists would take a man con
victed and runished; for bigamy and make him a Bishop, or
that any church called by the : Mormons Gentile would con
tinue to keep in place, promote or favor, with power in its
councils i. man so proved guilty? Every, one knows r this
could. not be so outside the Mormon church, and that it is
so inside, of Mofmonry reveals that community- in a light an
tagonistic, to the : law and dangerous to civilization. .»¦¦•'
WHEN Apostle Grant bragged to the alumni of
Utah University that he had a harem which he
would stock up better if the law would let him
he revealed the temper and secret purpose of the Mor
mon church to restore, polygamy whenever and wherever it
could evade the eye of the ltw. It was said that the
first presidency rebuked him for his imprudence, and. the
other eleven apostles were quite disturbed. But there is
no doubt that the church secretly regarded him as a hero
and the evangel of a good time coming, when an unlimited
number of wives would be the reward of the faithful."
But the law in Utah, though battered, is still in the
ring, and Apostle Grant , finds himself compelled to hide
from or face the service of a State's warrant in a criminal
proceeding to punish hinf for the crime of polygamy. Mor
mon sentiment has tempered the law to the shorn poly
gamist, and the punishment is light, being a fine of $300,
with alternative imprisonment. It is quite easy, still it may
restrain the ordinary lay members from keeping harems,
but it is little restraint upon the apostles, who can pay it
out of what Brigham Young called "the treasury of the
Lord."
APOSTLE GRANT IN TROUBLE.
The Arno yields another day to dreams of
. --' afterglow, .•••-¦ -
And by the open Roman gate ths westering
hours go.
Climb, climb, my lusty Won. on th« trim
Barsello vane. -
You will not reach the «ky In time, bo you
however fain!
Already die the distant flre« behind th« crpress
MJBfr trees — .-¦•••¦¦
The vesper bells fall silent as tbe sleeping
centuries;
While empires sink to aahes in the ragged sun.
set bars.
O'er Galileo's tower swing GaUleo'a star*.
— Martha. Gilbert Dickinson in Everybody's
Magazine.
Somewhere a sudden bunting' of pomegrranate
hearted. song
Such' as to sultry lover-throats of Italy be
long!
Ere o'er dome - and poJac* night wraps her
silken husk,
Flesole's enchanted lights com* twinkling
through the dusk.
Fit for the eacrlndal pyrs of beauty-lovln*
Greek.
Down the slopes of Belloequaxdo th» crap*
leaves hold the sun.
Though through the inner cloisters wan ths
purple shadows run.
And wide-horned oxen, homeward turned.
stride rhythmic, cheek to cheek.
write
Their brief autumnal message, on the wall of
Eremite,
Of villa and of vintage, and again the orchard
sees
A low white moon entangled in her mesh of
olive trees.
Again the fiery fingers of the scarlet creepers
Tzvilight in Florence.
COUNT CASSINI, the Russian Embassador to
Washington, has returned from a long vacation,
most of which he spent in Paris. He says truly that
his post is now regarded as the most important to Russia.
But he is surprised to finda palpable enmity in this coun
try toward the Government of the Czar. This he .quite
mistakenly ascribes to the Kishenev massacre of Jews.
( As far as the American people are concerned they joined
the humanity of the world in expressions of deprecation of
that fanatical crime, but it did not cause any settled en
mity to the Russian Government, which seemed to us to
take fairly prompt and certainly creditable measures to
punish the criminals in that affair and degrade the public
officials who should have prevented it. We furnish too
many illustrations of the violence of .racial and religious
prejudices in the midst of us to sit in stern judgment upon
other nations that arc subject to the same disorders. The
recent mobbing and murder of. inoffensive Chinese at
Tonopah, Nev., and the unlawful treatment of the same
people in this State, in Tuolumne County, not only infringe
the treaty rights of the Chinese, but deny the constitutional
rights of their American employers. So we are not unmind
ful of the beam in our own eye.
The growing enmity to Russia in this country has quite
another cause. Russia does not keep her word. She seems
guilty of a trick in\ joining the other powers in an agree
ment to evacuate China after the BoxeT troubles were over.
She waits until all the others are gone and then refuses to
go. She amends the date of. her departure and still stays.
Her bad' faith is cumulative. She has stayed in China by
breaking her word, and her stay has been used in aggres
sions which endanger the peace of the East and thereby, the
peace, of, the world.
It <¦ is . amusing that V the ¦ Count complains . that Russian
diplomacy is accused of' belonging to the Machiavellian
school, and that he carefully lirnits. his interview to. Kishe
nev and Macedonia, omitting any reference"; to :Manchuria
and China. His diplomacy; belongs to an older school than
that of Machiavelli. Long before ¦ him ; the Sultan ; Ab-der-
Rahman gave' to his, Minister these instructions: ; "Reply" to
CASSINI'S MISTAKE.
The opening of the law courts In Lon
don after the long summer vacation is a
ceremonious event, in striving contrast
with the procedure marking the beginning
of a new term in the United States Su
preme Court When the English law
courts reopened for the Michaelmas term
recently, a special service was held In
Westminster Abbey, attended by the
Judges and 300 members of the London
bar. There was no sermon. Gounod's an
them, "Send Out Thy Light," was guns
after the lesson, and there was a prayer
for. "his Majesty's Judges." The "Red"
mass was sung for Roman Catholic
Judges and members of the bar at the
Church of St Anselm and St Cecelia.
Lincoln's Inn Fields. The Chronicle says:
"This .'Red' mass was a regular institu
tion before the Reformation, and was re
vived some years ago." After lunch the
Lord Chief Justice, followed by the Mas
ter of the Rolls, the Judges in the order
of seniority and the King's counsel, pro
ceeded to ths courtrooms, and Michaelmas
term began. aafiJMj
Pomp of the Law.
"One end of that there rainbow is rest
in' fine as you please on the Hibernia
Bank and, if my eyes don't He to me. the
other's kinder nestlin' affectionately on
top of the Standard Oil Works over there
in the Potrero. If that ain't a sack of
gold at both ends I'll kill my pet calf."
The rest of the passengers followed tbe
sweep of his arm. They saw that what
he said was true. Then all hands grinned.
For just a few minutes last Wednes
day the warm rays of the sun broke
through the pall of clouds and, reflecting
through the prisms of the mist that was
falling, threw a rainbow over the city.
"Well, I'm derned," said an old man
who was sitting on the dummy of a car
climbing up Eighteenth street toward
Twin Peaks. "I always thought when I
was a youngster that my grandmother
was a-lyin' to me when she said that at
each end of a rainbow there always was
a sack of gold, but here's proof positive
that she told the truth.
At the Rainbozt/s End.
Guarding Bljrnt Iiead fox Heart
When boxing hold the hands lightly
clenched. Do not clench ; them tightly,
except in the very moment of delivering
the blow. Never (as I have seen ama
teurs do. in a moment of nervousness)
clench" the fist with the thumb inside the
fingers. A broken thumb is the sure re
sult of that bit of awkwardness.
There is something else I would like
to impress on you to-day. As I have said,
never "slug" in a friendly bout, but if
your opponent should accidentally land
a heavier blow on you than he intended
do not lose your temper. The man who
cannot learn to keep his temper is, not
fit to box, and he can never excel in the
art. Perfect coolness and good nature are
absolutely necessary to the good boxer.
No boy . ought to take up boxing regu
larly until he is 14. If you find that your
first fatigue continues after half a dozen
lessons and that you do not recover easily
from it, " consult your family doctor
and let him determine whether' your
heart and other organs are in normal con.
dition. If they are not don't box at all.
.In "our next lesson:; I will teach- you
something about foot work.. It is perhaps
the most important Item of modern box
ing. 1
When your opponent leads a straight
right for your heart knock his arm out
ward with your left and bring your right
across in a straight lead for his face. A
similar rule applies when he leads for
your solar plexus with his left In the
latter case knock his arm outward with
your right and send in a left lead for his
face. In order to make these guards do
not, of course, raise your arm as in guard
ing a blow for the face, but lower which
ever arm you wish. to guard with, and
with an outward down-arm motion push
his blow aside. Take care not to push
his blow merely downward, as it will then
probably land on you below the belt.
Whatever blows parries or other move
you make at any stage of boxing alway;
remember to come back again at once t<
"on guard."
Wonderful Graphite.
BT M.U/X>LM MCDOWELL.
(Author of "Shop Talk on the Wonders of the
Crafts. 1 ')
Carbon Is the industrial paradox. It Is
the hardest and one of the softest of the
known substances. It burns and doesn't
burn. It is colorless and transparent and
black and opaque. It scintillates and
sparkles, and is dull and lifeless. It is
heavy es rock in one place and in another
fifty pounds will fill a barrel to overflowing.
It is so rare that it Is called "precious"
and so common that it often Is a drug on
the market. It is a poor conductor of
electricity and one of the best It is bo
expensive that a bit not much larger than
a bean costs a small fortune and so cheap
that the ordinary citizen buys it by the
ton. It is a luxury and such a necessity
that without it the industries of the
country would be paralyzed.
Carbon is a paradox because as a dia
mond it is a precious stone, the hardest
of known substances, colorless and trans
parent As graphite it is black, soft,
opaque and so refractors* that it is made
into crucibles for melting things almost
to heat proof. As coal it burns and is the
chief source of industrial and domestic
beat. As carbon black it is so "fluffy"
that a boy can easily handle a barrel of
it The diamond, which is pure carbon,
is a poor conductor of electricity, and
graphite, which sometimes is &3 per cent
pure carbon, and gas retort carbon —
nearly pure — are such good conductors
that large quantities are used In the elec
trical section of the Industrial arts.
There are many substances which enter
bo intimately and unobtrusively into
everyday life that they are classed as
"common" and the average individual
pays no attention to them. Yet each of
them assumes such a great number of as
pects, plays eo many different parts and
exercises such varied Influences on so
many unlike things that the simple act
of following the path of any one of them
is a fascinating pursuit. Starch, clay,
water, sand, alcohol, sulphur, aluminum,
petroleum, iron, cellulose and a dozen
other solids and liquids offer themselves
as illustrations to prove there is a great
deal of the uncommon in common things.
And carbon ranks high in the list
Thus cf all the elements which affect
the character of iron, carbon exercises the
greatest Influence. The amount of it
present in the metal determines whether
the most useful of metals is cast iron,
Fteel or malleable iron. Cast iron con
tains more carbon than steel, and steel
has mere than bar or malleable iron. It
affects the hardness, strength, melting
degree and color of cast iron. Its "per
cent" in steel makes that alloy of iron
and carbon suitable for rails or razors,
boiler plate or girders, cold chisels or dies,
armor plate or nails.
Graphite, known also as plumbago and
b!ack lead, is one of the softest minerals,
and is found in the earth singularly free
from impurities. The graphite mines in
Ticonderoga, N. Y., produce graphite
which is S3.9 pure. A diamond— pure car
bon—can be placed on a block of graphite
—practically pure carbon— and in the pres
ence of intense heat can be reduced to
ashes, but the graphite will show no In
dication of having been heat affected. A
diamond is so hard it will cut glass, but
graphite is so oily soft that mixed with
pipe clay it is used almost exclusively for
lead pencils which will not scratch even
tissue paper.
Every rider of a bicycle and every au
tomobilist knows graphite as a lubricant.
It is difficult to believe that the greasy
feeling, smooth, unctuous black stuff
which minimizes the friction between the
eprocket wheel and chain of the bicycle
is the same etuff which is molded into
crucibles for melting gold and steel and
other refractcry substances. The lady of
the house might find It hard to see a
strong family resemblance between the
diamond on her finger and the stove pol
ish which her cook is using on the kitch
en range, but the stove polish is made of
graphite. Her husband would discredit
the etatement that the shine on his shoes
and the coal in his cellar are relatives;
nevertheless carbon black, the soot from
natural gas, which is the base of many
shoe blackings, and anthracite are half
brothers.
Carbon is not very particular as to lo
cality. As a diamond it is picked out of
gravel and sand and blasted from the
blue cement in the South African mines
in the form of crystals. Graphite is found
underground in "detached masses and
sheets in Ceylon, New York, -Wisconsin,
California, Vermont, Germany and other
places. Coal, hard and soft, is mined.
Petroleum (liquid carbon) and natural gas
(gaseous carbon) are brought from the
earth through pipes. Carbon grows in
trees, but must be subjected to heat to
become the charcoal of trade.
In preparing carbon for useful purposes
—and the diamond is not altogether mere
ly a thing of beauty, several trades use it
as a common tool— the methods employed
are as wide apart as are the original
forms and varied characteristics of the
curious substance. The diamond is cut by
the continuous application of the hardest
of brasives and its own dust, but graphite
is mashed to a powder and floated on
water through a scries of tanks to re
move the impurities and "grade" it. Car
bon black, which is the base of the best
printing inks, and which enters Into the
make-up of paints, stove polishes, shoe
blacking, varnishes and lacquers. Is the
noot of natural gas, caught on the bot
tom of iron parts, suspended over long
rows of gas jets. Gas retort carbon,
used as crushed coke for domestic pur
poses and for the "carbons" of arc lights
and electric batteries. Is the deposit left
In retorts during the manufacture of
illuminating and fuel gas. Anthracite
(hard coal) Is mined and broken into Its
merchantable sizes in the huge coal
breakers of Pennsylvania, while bitumin
ous (soft coal) is screened and sometimes
washed alter it is brought to the surface.
Coke and charcoal are made practically
by the same process— slow combustion—
the one from coal, the other from wood.
In the text books carbon Is called "one
of the most important of the chemical
element's," and also "a solid substance,
destitute of taste and odor." In the work
a-day world as fuel, ornament, lubricant,
cutting tool, polisher, heat-proof sub*-
Ftance, illuminating agent, best friend of
the electrotype-maker, vest pocket com
panion, electrician's ally, iron master, and
the visible voice of the press, carbon !¦
Jay Pollock McCoy of Shanghai. China,
who recently came to this country for
the first time, having been born and
reared In China, gave an interesting ap
preciation of Chinese character to the
New York Tribune. He said:
"I feel that I understand the Chinese
character. I had a Chinese nurse and
passed the whole of my boyhood with
Chinese of my age. Though I am thor
oughly American in my allegiance to the
land of my parents, I am in point of con
tact more Chinese than American.
Though the Chinese are little understood
by foreigners, who underestimate their
abilities, they are as capable of loyal at
tachments as the people of any other na
tionality. They may all appear much
alike to those who have only casual con
tact with them, but, speaking as one who
has grown a p among them, I know them
to be as different and as thoroughly dis
tinguishable as are any other people. Be
sides the Chinamen of recognized abili
ties there are a great many of them of
equal capacity who have simply been de
nied the opportunity of displaying their
abilities."
Chinese Character.
Now for another body counter. Let
your sparring partner lead again for your
face with his left. This time move your
head to the left to avoid his blow, bend
the left knee and lead for his heart with
your right. Raise your left arm to a po
sition where you can guard any possible
right-hander for your face.
Maintain your balance carefully (until
that balance becomes instinctive) in these
counters, for only perfect balance can
render the blows effective.
The very instant the blow lands come
back at once to the first position of guard.
tide) a little knowledge of anatomy will
stand you in good stead. Just where the
ribs diverge into a sort of inverted V
there is a spot, about the size of a silver
dollar, directly below the apex of the V.
This is known as the solar plexus. It is
an important nerve center. A heavy blow
there will temporarily paralyze the whole
body. Even a moderately stiff blow, sci
entifically planted there will make your
opponent groggy. But a few inches !
above or to either side he Is protected
by an armor of bones. So you see the
necessity of planting this left counter in
exactly the right place. If you err at all
you will give more effect to your blow
if you land it below the Bolar plexus than
above or to one side of it.
In friendly sparring or in practicing the
various points do not "slug" when deliv
ering a body blow. Strike lightly, but in
such a way that, if you so desire, you
could throw tremendous force into the
blow. In other words, bring the weight
and strength of the body into the blow,
but do not drive that weight and strength
home with full force. If you do you are
apt to have a knocked out sparring
partner or a free fight on your hands.
"When I reached home and had given
the arnica bottle an airing, I put in sev
eral hours calling myself names. When a
man gives way to brute instinct and is
not satisfied with scoring one knockdown
upon a fellow being he deserves a setback
to his ambition. People would have been
pointing me out on the streets to-day if I
hadn't been so greedy."
Carey was walking out Pine street after
the theater when the thug approached
him. The editor guessed the fellow's in
tention and cleared decks for action.
When the footpad bumped against him
and made a grab for his watch Carey
let go a right swing that caught the
stranger squarely upon the jaw and sent
him to the sidewalk.
"Carey, old man. you did that beauti
fully," Bald the Adjuster man to him
self. "Now Is your time to make a reputa
tion and get your picture into the papers.
When he gets up soak him again and
then arrest him." ,' .-ViV.)
The thug was In no hurry to arise, but
Carey, bubbling over with enthusiasm,*
helped him to his feet and steadied him
while he . started another swing toward
the place where it would do the- most
good.
¦ "About that time," said the editor in
telling the sfory, "I seemed to start upon
a trip that took * in every sub-station
along the Milky Way. I remember that
before I landed anywhere the thought
flashed through my mind: 'By Jove! that
fellow counters welL* When I got'iip the
footpad was half a block away and los
ing no time. As several men were hurry
ing to the scene I felt it incumbent upon
my honor to give chase, but I didn't feel
called upon, to break any records, and
when I had gone fifty yards the fellow
was out of sight. •
James A. Carey, editor of the Adjuster
(which is Holy Writ to the insurance
men of the coast), had an encounter with
a footpad several weeks ago. Kdltor
Carey likes to look at the humorous side
of life, so he told the story at the Press
Club, after pledging the newspaper men
not to publish it— a' pledge that lapse of
time has ', outlawed. -
'Editor Carey's Error.
Nearly all the visitors who come to New
York in summer ask the hotel clerk or
somebody else where they can get the
"best view" of the city, according to tEe
New York Times. Few of them are ready
to accept the metropolis as they find It by
tramping through the streets or riding in
observation buses. It la disappointing to
most of them, not to find some place like
Bunker Hill Monument, in Boston, or
Wash'ngton Monument, in thd nation's
capital, where they can take in every
thing at a glance.
New Yorlc is too bigr for that, and tne
hotel men are often puzzled to direct the
visitors where to go. Generally they put
them off by telling them that It Is easy to
get to the too of one of the skyscraper
office buildings downtown — a statement
very far from the truth, as thousands
who have tried it will testify. For persons
with Influence enough to get passes
marked "special access" to the summits
of tall buildings it Is all right, but the
sightseeing multitude that goes up in ex
press elevators finds its view blocked
front, rear and sides by private offices,
which few of them have the temerity to
invade. Sometimes a limited view of one
street is open to them from a oorridor
window, but that is alL
No views of New York from above are
so popular . as lower Broadway and its
tributaries, where the tide of human life
runs strongest. It i3 a sight visitors from
the West cannot see in their largest cities,
cr indeed anywhere else In the world.
There is only one Broadway and one Wall
street. .^-
High Up in Nczu York.
The end aimed at is indicated clearly in orie paragraph
of the report of the committee: "In the area drained by.
this creek and its many tributaries and branches are lo
cated numerous and extensive deposits of auriferous gravel,
adapted to be worked by hydraulic mining, nearly all of
which are now neglected and idle by reason of the onerous
requirements of the laws with' regard to the restraint and
storage of the debris from such mines. * * * Hydraulic
mining would be extensively renewed within the area
drained by Weaver Creek and its branches if suitable pro
vision could be made for preventing the resulting debris
from reaching the navigable rivers of the Sacramento
Valley."
Tbe committee reports that with the view of determin
ing the feasibility of erecting the proposed barrier an exami
nation has been made of a site admirably adapted for the
dam. At the junction of Hangtown Creek with Weaver
Creek there is a flat or valley that extends down Weaver
Creek nearly one mile and is about half a mile wide, form
ing a basin of flat land but little above the level of high water
in the creek. At its lower end, so the committee reports,
"this basin is inclosed by abrupt .hills, through which the
creek makes its way in a steep canyon or gorge of hard,
metamorphic rock, supplying. an ideal site for the dam
across the stream, a considerable portion of which has al
ready been constructed by nature, which has also pro
vided an abundance of^ material, close at hand and of the best
quality, for its completion."
On the more important consideration as to whether the
dam would hold back the debris the committee reports in
substance that it 'would back the water up Weaver Creek
for about one mile, and that the stream, when backed,
would have an average width of about half a mile, thus
covering an area of at least 320 acres; that the basin would
have a capacity to hold 12,000,000 cubic yards of material;
that inasmuch as the dam would be several miles below
where the principal mining operations would be carried on,
the greater part of the coarser material dislodged would
never reach the dam; that the dam would^provide safely
for the lodgment of at least 50,000,000 cubic yards of mate
rial, as it now lies in the banks to be mined, and wpuld im
pound and restrain the same above the proposed barrier for
all time.
The estimated cost of the work is $25,000, as reported
by the committee, this including the title of all lands to be
inundated. Such prospective^ submerged areas are "mostly
mined-off bedrock, not fit for cultivation and of little value."
The committee, consisting of H. N. Picket, C. J. Green,
Thomas Alderson, Thomas Clark a"nd A. Baring-Gould, ex
press the opinion that the construction of the dam, "above
which all the. owners of mines could operate without fear of
loss or damage to their neighbors of the valleys below,
would result in a largely increased production of gold in
this district and be of material and lasting benefit to the
citizens of our county and State and the country at large."
SOME stir has, been occasioned in El Dorado County
by a proposition to urge the construction of a debris
dam on Webber Creek, sometimes known as Weaver
Creek, the expense to be borne jointly by the United States
and the State of California. A report has just been filed
concerning the matter by a committee of the El Dorado
County Miners' Association. The text of the findings of
the committee is published in the El Dorado Republican.
The place selected for the location of the dam is at the
narrows of Webber Creek, below its confluence with Hang
town Creek and Cold Springs Creek. The El Dorado
miners will strive to enlist public attention by bringing
their proposition before the annual convention of the Cali
fornia Miners' Association, to be held in this city Novem
ber 16, 17 and 18. Therefore a full discussion is likely to
take place.
AN HYDRAULIC PROPOSITION.
mirers as if he were occasionally willing
to damage a great measure for the sake
of sending forth a sparkling rhetorical
paradox. The fatal gift of tbe- amateur
makes Itself evident in him. He is an
amateur of literature, an amateur of
pictures, an amateur of yachting, of trav
el and also of politics, but to be a really
great political power a man must have
a rather more decisive and absorbing
taste for political work. Still there can
be no doubt that If Lord Rosebery makes
up his mind to devote himself evea for
the time to the business of politics, he
must be. for the time at least, a power
which his opponents would have to take
into their most serious consideration."
Alameda has risen in unanimous protest against the night
revelries of her crowing roosters. This concerted attack
upon the assertive members of the domesticated feather
tribe may be the envious promptings of competition.
Roosters have not a monopoly of crowing in Alameda. .•>
In delivering the left counter to the
wind (described in detail in the last ar-
In counters of every kind successful de
livery depends entirely on Quickness and
accuracy. A second too slow and the
chance Is lost. A second too soon (as may
be the case where you think your oppo
nent is going to lead, when in reality he
is only feinting) and you lay yourself
open to a return blow which you will
find difficulty In guarding. Not an instant
too soon nor an instant too late is the
keynote of every move in boxing* Above
all in countering.
Be careful, when making body counters,
not to twist the body into an awkward
or unnatural posture. This is a common
fault. It detracts from the force of the
blow and renders your "recovery" less
quick than it should be. Change the at
titude of the body no more than is nec
essary for the elmple moving of the head,
the bending of the knee and the delivery
of the blow.
BY ALBERT PATSON TERJTCNEV
(Athletic Expert New York Evening: World,
Author of "Mu»de Butldlnr," etc.)
Boxing Tips.
For another reason the law will be of the highest im
portance. All timber land will be withdrawn from entry.
The harvest of the forest will go on, under regulations that
permit the use of all ripe timber, but preserve for the future
all that is unripe and growing. This policy will extend to
the present forest reservations, and the country will nat
urally enter upon the preservation and perpetuation of its
forests without at all abridging the proper use of .timber for
the many purposes for which it has no substitute. The Gov
ernment by the sale of its ripe timber, at a proper stumpage,
will derive a large revenue, which may be used in the re
forestation of its timber lands,' and we will have bridged a
difficulty in administration which has been the despair of
the advocates of forest preservation.
• This difficulty is made plain by study of the forest laws
of Continental Europe. There, by reason of the difference
of the political powers of government from ours, it is possible
to regulate the use of timber tracts in private ownership.
Here it is doubtful whether there is the power to do this—
indeed it may be said confidently that such power does not
inhere in our system. But our Government, as owner of
the forest lands, may lease or permit the harvest of timber
under such regulations as any owner may impose upon the
lessee. It may even require him to plant a crop of timber
where he has cut a harvest, though this will probably be
the legitimate work of the Forestry Bureau.
The same law proposes a reform of the lieu scrip system,
by requiring that when a private party within a forest res
ervation exchanges his holding for an equal acreage of
scrip it must be located on agricultural lands. This puts an
end t6 the present offensive practice of taking scrip on
private timber holdings, that have been stripped, and imme
diately relocating upon an equal holding of virgin timber.
The Dakota Senator has succeeded in drafting a conser
vative and highly important measure. The stock men will
see in it the advance guard of their proposition to lease the
grazing lands. Unless this is done we will soon expel our
live stock industry, and it will be relocated in Mexico and
Northwestern Canada, and we will lose our important com
mercial position in the meat trade of the world.
This is not saying that reclassification would not have
been a benefit. Experience had shown clearly that there
were about four hundred millions of acres of lands that
were not agricultural nor timber lands. They were grazing
lands only, with no other possible use in sight. They were
located in the arid and semi-arid regions, and nature had
furnished them with forage grasses and plants in sufficient
abundance, if cared for and not overstocked, to make them
permanently the largest and best stock-grazing area in the
world. They should have been classified as grazing lands,
and to protect the future settler in the event of a nobler use
appearing the title should have been left in the Government
and the forage should have been protected by leasing, in
sufficiently large tracts to make the payment of a proper
rental an object to the stock men. Instead of doing this,
however, we got the timber and stone acts, which have
been grossly misused to alienate the public title without
carrying at all the good intent of the laws, if they had any.
It is quite significant that when the stock men did ap
peal to Congress for a range lease instant objection was
made that the lease law would by implication and operation
repeal the stone entry law and perhaps the timber entry
also. To this the stock men rejoined that both ought to be
repealed, and they received the defeat of their leasing meas
ure as the reward of their frankness. But now, following
closely upon that defeat, come the General Land Office, the
Interior Department and the chairman of the Senate Land
Committee in entire agreement with the position of the
stock rangers in regard to those laws.
The law proposed by Senator Hansbrough is framed
precisely on the principle of the range lease law. By it
the title to stone and timber lands remains in the Govern
ment. It, in effect, leases the privilege to remove for eco
nomic purposes the timber and stone. The* holder of such
privilege may not alienate it to another, but it must be
used for his benefit and operated by him. This is a vast
improvement on the policy it will supplant. The proposed
permits will fix the conditions upon which they may be
used. The injury of the land for other purposes will be
prevented. The West will not have its progress checked
by lack of the use of timber or stone, but its future will
be safeguarded and its present welfare promoted at the
same time.
THE conservative action of the National Irrigation
Congress at Ogden is reflected in the bill introduced
by Mr. Hansbrough, chairman of the Land Com
mittee of the Senate- Everyone having knowledge of the
operation of the timber and stone entry laws knows that
in the beginning they were unnecessary to the administra
tion of our land system. The stone act added a surplus
classification to the public domain, which was unnecessary.
"Down went the harmless fluid with a
gulp. Ten minutes later my patient was
sleeping as peacefully as a child in moth
er's arms, and we heard nothing more
from him that night."
"Going to the cell, I said to my sub
ject:
" 'You want chloral, do you? Well, if
I give you some will you quit your howl
ing and co to sleep?"
" 'Yes. yes,' he answered. 'For God s
sake, give pie some."
"Calling a trusty to the wicket. I or
dered him to stay there while I went to
the medicine chest, sot a glass, making
all the noise I could as if in opening the
bottle and pouring out. the drug. Instead
of returning with the stuff I half filled
the glass with cold water, nothing else.
I passed it In to the wretched drug-crazed
fellow with the sharp order:
" 'Here's your chloral. Drink it quick
and eo to sleep.' '-- ¦£¦>',
¦¦ A veteran policeman rave an interest
ing illustration the other day of the
strange and, to most of us, inexplicable
action of one- mind upon another. The
bluecoat did not attempt to explain the
occurrence. Here is his story:
: "Ono night we had in the old City
Prison a man who had become a mere
shell, mentally and physically, by the use
of 'dope'— morphine, opium, cocaine and
what not He was about the worst speci
men of the 'flendM had ever seen. Along
toward morning craving for the drug
overpowered him and the poor wretch
was In agony. He lay in his bunk, naked
and writhing and screaming in excruciat
ing pain. The torments were almost in
describable.
"I tried to auiet the man, but could
do nothinsr. There was not much sym
pathy for him, to be sure. . .' v
"I decided not to give him the chloral
for which he was begging and pleading.
But I did decide to try an experi
ment of which I had read In some book
or another.
The Water Cure.
every demand with promises; postpone the fulfillment of these,
promises to the last moment; gain time; throw every pos
sible difficulty in the way of complainants; act so that, weary
of making demands, they will desist. If, however, they
threaten, yield, but just as little as possible; if they begin
to load their guns yield entirely, but not until the supreme
moment arrives."
Russian diplomacy is of the school of Ab-der-Rahman,
upon which that of Machiavelli may be easily grafted. Rus
sia's course in the East is a perfect illustration of the policy
of the old Sultan, and China has been the first while other
nations are to be the second victims of that sinister policy.
Count Cassini declares that he realizes* that Jn diplo
macy perfect frankness is especially necessary. iA dealing
with the United States. But was he frank in denying the
Russian demands on China and trying to impeach the ve
racity of the American Minister to Peking?
THE NEW LAND BILL.
more than an element, more than a sub
stance—it is a dominating influence.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1903.
THE SAN FRANGISCQ CALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor. .. .' ., ... .'.. Address AflXommgDications> to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Office - i <J^^^^^ > .Third and Market Streets, S. F.
FRIDAY ..........~... .NOVEMBER 13, 1903
INSTRUCTIVE STUDIES
BY NOTED MEN AND
WOMEN
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
6: :¦ It r Is * easy.; to, be comfortable with /a
small ; gas heater in your rooms; and with
a gas j range . in > the : kitchen life .becomes
worth living. Buy them from San Fran
cisco Gea and. Electric Co., .415 Post st. •
The Southern Paciflo ; through express ¦ train
for Berkeley, making no stop befora Lorln; will,
commencing November 11, connect with 1 both
the 6:30 p. m. «nd 6 p. m. boat dally except
Another^ Berkeley; Flyer.
Th« annual \ entertainment : and • military
hop of the members of Company. : C,
League of the Cross Cadets, will be held
In Nativ© Sons' Hall next Thursday even
ins. JUBKtBBUfiMBKBSBKkSBS^i
Company C to Give Dance.
'Articles: of incorporation of the Asso
ciated Wives and Daughters of Veterans
of i the Mexican War were filed yesterday
with the County Clerk. The organization
was formed on November 10. The di
rectors are Mrs. W. C. : Burnett, : Mrs \ M '
French, Mrs. O. B. - Phelpa, Mrs. . I. M*
Reynolds, • Miss ; Grace ' Bannister, - Mrs}
Fanny^ Golchouse ; and Mrs. ; George >: Thls
tleton of this city and Mrs. James Topley
of Vallejo. '. -,l :[ .:
Veterans' Wives and Daughters.
Harry Houser. a stableman, was seized
with a fit yesterday* afternoon while at
work In a stable at Eighth and Harrison
streets and fell against the axle of a
wagon, fracturing his skull. ,H» was re
moved to the Emergency Hospital," where
Drs. Bunnell and Weyer removed a piece
of bone fromths skull. They say ¦ that
the Injured man will recover.
Stableman Fractures ' Skull.
The opening number of a long series of
concerts and lectures to be given under
the direction of the Young Men's Chris
tian Association will take place this even
ing, when the Mlnettl String Quartet will
render several selections. During the
season the : following speakers and
musicians .will be heard: The Philip
Hunter company. Bob Burdette; Clara
Morris, Fisk Jubilee Singers, the Frances
Hughes company, Mozart Symphony Club
Russell H. Cornwell and many others. /
Opening Concert at Y. M. C. A.
Mrs. Dora Fuhrlg. the midwife, who has
been arrested numerous times on charges
of murder and haa always succeeded in
escaping punishment. Is again in luck.
After Police Judge Conlan had heard th«
evidence yesterday on the charge against
her of murder for causing the death of
Mrs. Annie Callaghan of 812 Filbert street,
he dismissed the case on the ground that
nothing had been shown to connect her
with the woman's death.
Dora Fuhrlg's Luck Continues.
The petition for Rlckman's removal was
Wed bjr D. C. de GoUa and Charles J
rxnes, cttorneys for Borkowskl.
The petitioner also claims that Rick
man has been derelict in his duty, la that
he has never filed an account of his stew
ardship, nor an inventory of the estate
elnce he took possession of It. He was
tlso guilty of fraud, says the petitioner.
In petitioning for distribution to him of
t«;e estate, his petition stating that he.
Lt««£ eculori had la hls x>o»s«8ion only
U.0,000. Continuing. Borkowskl chaigr-s
that Rickman is unfit to manage the »%¦
tate; that he is under the control of At
torney Gecrge H. Perry, and that be has
assigned to Perry his entire lnteres: In
the estate.
Th« powers of Charles W. Rickman, ts
executor of the will of the lata PaUEta
Maria Krryzanowskl, the aged Polish
woman whose estate has been In litiga
tion ever since her death last February,
have been suspended by Judge Troutt,
pending an investigation into the charges
cf fraud made against Rickman by Aloy
zy 8. Borkowski, a nephew of the deceas
ed and a contestant of her will. The or
der suspending Rickman was made yes
terday upon the filing with Judge Troutt
of a petition by Borkowskl, requesting thu
revocation of the appointment of Rick
rr.ir, as executor. Rickman will appear
before Justee Troutt on the 24th lnst. to
enow cause, if be can. why the petition
fchould not be crar.ted.
BorkowFki alleges that during the five
months Uickman has had control of his
*unfs estate he has grossly mismanaged
and wasted it. He says that Rickman
approved and allowed fraudulent and spu
rious claims against the estate and con
sented to the payment of excessive and
exorbitant fees. He mentions but owe
claim ir, support of his allegation, that of
Gantner & Guntz, the undertakers, for
11300 for burial expenses. He says the
services of the firm are reasonably worth
J150 and no more.
The general sentiment of the principals
was that the drawing course is too cum
bersome to produce any effective results.
The teachers had complained that they
were left too much to their own devices
and that the system as now followed was
susceptibly of improvement. But two or
three principals voted against the short
ening of the course and these declared
that Miss Ball's system was being suc
cessfully taught in their schools.
A discussion of various suggestions for
the fmprovement of the system followed
and it was agreed that it could best
be done by having models of drawing
furnished the teachers, from which they
could Instruct their pupils.
Superintendent Langdon said be ¦would
acquaint the Board of Education with the
desire of the principals and a resolution
reducing the course in conformity with
the conclusions arrived at by the prin
cipals will be introduced at next Wednes
day's meeting of the board.
School Director WaJsh denies the state
ment that Mrs. Hattie Steele was insult
ed by the board when she appeared before
It last Wednesday. Walsh gays that Mrs.
Steele, who is employed in the depart
ment. , was summoned to explain why she
bad made public a letter containing
strictures on Miss Ball's methods of
teaching drawing, the letter having been
addressed to the Board of -Education.
Walsh cays that Mrs.* Steele 1 eaid she
thought the board had ignored her com
munication and she - had thereupon pub
lished It. Walsh says that Mrs. Steele
was treated with 'due courtesy 'and that
so reprimand was administered to her, ¦'¦
The principals of the public schools met
yesterday and voted in favor of request
ing the Board of Education to shorten the
drawing course as now taught by Miss
Katherine Ball, supervisor of drawing.
The meeting was called by the Superin
tendent of Schools, to whom the matter
was referred by the board named.
Charles Rickman Is Sus
pended Pending an
Investigation.
School Principals Vote
in Favor of Revis
ing System.
NEW YORK, Nov. 12.— Tho following
Calif ornians are In New York: From San
Francisco— G. Merrill, at the Marlboro;
F. Ephraim,,at tho Broadway Central; J.
H. Hazen, at the Murray Hill ; D. H.
Jones and A. M. Kelley and wife, at the
Continental; J. 8. Potter and wife, at the
Normandle; H. H. Schulze and H. A;
Schulze, at the Holland; Miss Dieckman,
at the Bellevue; C. F. Gardner and wife,
at the Gregorian; C. K. Harley, at the
Albemarle; I. Jacobs, at the Hoffman;
Mrs. H. M. A. Miller, at the Manhattan;
S. Newson, at the Bartholdl; J. H. Simp
son, at the Murray Hill; Mrs. M. Smith,
at the. Herald Square; S. "Wolmsley and
wife, at the Cosmopolitan; C. E. Worden,
at the Holland, and G. M. Wright, at the
New Amsterdam.
iFrom Santa Barbara— Mrs. A. Wood
ward, at the Earllngton.
From Los < Angeles— Mrs. R. j. Collins
and : Mrs. F. F.; Smith, at the Grand
Union.
Californiaas in New York.
FRAUD CHARGED
BY BORKOWSKI
WOULD SHORTEN
DRAWING COURSE
Fire Destroys Business Houses.
ALBIA, Iowa, Nov. 12.— Fire that start
ed in Love's dry {roods store here early
to-day destroyed a block of business
houses, entailing a loss estimated at $30*,
000. The flames were fanned by a strong
wind. ; j- ,-',
NEW YORK, Nov. 12.— The following
have been elected directors of the Na
tional Railroad of Mexico;- Charles H.
Tweed, Adrian Iselin Jr., Cleveland H.
Dodge, . J. N. Wallace and I* P. Loree.
Speyer & Co., at the request of the Mex
ican Government remain the fiscal . rep
resentatives of the company.
Mexican National's Directors.
Major F. P. Fremont, U. S. A., son of
the late General Fremont arrived . from
the Philippines yesterday and is regis
tered at the Palace.
Major von Estel, military attache of the
German embassy at Washington, who
went to the Philippines recently to study
the, American transport service, returned
yesterday and Is at the Palace. . :
R. C. Terry, a wine maker of Clayton, is
at the Lick.
H S. Monroe, a mining man of Sonora,
is at the Lick.
E. M. Rector, a banker of Nevada City,
is at the Lick. :*
G. W. Gibson, a horseman of Woodland,
is at the Grand.
Dr. J. R. Wilkinson of Soochow, China,
Is at the Occidental.
Attorney Frank Ryan of Sacramento Is
registered at the Lick.
J. M. Wllmans, a rancher of Newman,
Is staying at the Lick.
G. Ray Bullen, a mining man of New
York, is at the Grand.
W. E. Duncan, who Is engaged in min
ing near Orovllle, is at the Lick.
Edgar Newhouse, a mining man of New
York, arrived at the Palace last night
William E. Sharon, superintendent of
the Comstock mines, and wife are at the
Palace.
PERSONAL MENTION.
NEW YORK. Nov. 12.— Efforts of the
city of New York, made annually fdr
nearly twenty years to have the United
States Government reimburse it for mon
eys expended "in defense of the National
Union" during the Civil War, will be re
newed during the present session of Con
gress, when a petition will be again pre
sented asking the national body to reim
burse the city In the, sum of $1,000,000 ex
pended by it in arming and equipping
troops to the number of almost fifty regi
ments. . . / . -
New York to Ask Aid of Congress.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 12.— Postmaster
General Payne to-day directed the dis
missal of Anna Kreyer, Samuel Kober,
Joseph Kreyer and Birdie Knott, clerks
in the St Louis Postofflce, for alleged
conspiracy to secure the removal of Post
master Baumhoff, of that city. These
clerks were suspended March 9 and 10
and their permanent separation from the
service is now ordered as the . result of
the Investigations of the charges made
against Baumhoff. The Civil Service
Commission a week, ago requested Post
master BaumhofTs reason for suspending
these clerks and on his report after an
investigation made a decision sustaining
the Postmaster's allegations of a conspir
acy against him.
They JLre Accused of Having Con
spired Against the Postmaster
at St. Louis.
FOUR POSTAI. CLERKS
•¦¦""•""• '-' LOSE THKTR. POSITIONS
Continuing. Forst alleges that all he has
received for his investment since last June
has been the sum of $706. He says that
it has been Ely's plan all along to force
him out of the business. Ely needed the
money he says, and after getting it set
about ridding himself of the plaintiff. Ely
hoped, says Forst, that by running the
business in such a manner that it would
appear to be a losing Investment he could
purchase Forst's stock at a nominal fig
ure, thus obtaining complete control of
thebuslness and the use of the plaintiff's
money at little cost.
Forst says that when the Mason Riche
case comes up. before the Police Commis
sioners, if the license is revoked he will
make application for Its renewal tc him.
He says he thinks that this will b» grant
ed, as he knew nothing of the games
that were being run in the bouse, and
that if he is granted the license he will
conduct the place strictly as a French
restaurant ?
Cashier Bauer has entered a strong pro
test against the use of his name in con
nection with the troubles of the restau
rant owners, claiming that he had noth
ing to do with the sale of the establish
ment, except as a representative of the
bank in dealing with Forst's note. Dis
cussing the matter last night, Bauer said:
"I never spoke to Forst about buying
the restaurant, and In fact did not know
that he was to buy an interest in the
place until he had completed negotiations.
He came to the bank with $3500 in cash
and a note for $1500, the balance of the
$5000 he had agreed to put Into the busi
ness. His note was secured to the bank
by his stock, but It was agreed that as
soon as he took possession of the restaurant
he should secure a reliable indorser for
his paper. When he failed to do this the
bank attached his stock and the court or
dered it sold. This was the only trans
action the bank and I had with Forst"
ALLEGES TRICKERY.
ing the stock with Bauer's bank and giv
ing his promissory note for that amount.
He charges that the least Important
statement made by Bauer and Ely was
the one to the effect that the Swiss-
American Bank was back of the restau
rant and would, in the light of its pros
perity, advance $15,000 if needed.
Now Forst claims that he is the victim
of a clever scheme to cheat him out of
' $5000. He says that after receiving the
stock he endeavored to participate in the
management of the restaurant. It was
then he learned, he says, that the state
ments of Elv and then bank cashier
were false and fraudulent and made for
the purpose of getting his money to re
duce the company's indebtedness. He
says that the only man in the concern
is Ely, and that the other two directors
and stockholders are merely dummies.
He says that it was never intended that
he should have any voice In the manage
ment, notwithstanding his holdings: that
all Ely wanted was his money. He says
that Ely has been cheating him ever since
he became a member of the firm and
claims that his employes have stood in
with him. Bills have been forged by Ely,
6ays Forst, marked O K by the cooks
and others, and the amounts they called
for pocketed by the manager. The cash
register, he says further, has also been
manipulated by Ely, with the result that
he has never been able to find out what
are the exact receipts of the concern or
to learn to what extent he had been swin
dled. Forst also charges that notwith
standing the lease required that no gam
bling games should be conducted on the
premises Ely has maintained a roulette
and faro outfit and has waxed wealthy
on the proceeds.
In his complaint Forst alleges that
Bauer and Ely approached him in the
early part of this year and excited his
cupidity by telling him what a mint the
restaurant was. They told him, he says,
that during the last year the restaurant
had made so much money that Ely had
been enabled to pay off an indebtedness
of $9000 in addition to providing himself
and i two other directors, his brother,
Frank Ely, and W. Richards5n, each with
a monthly income of $350. They told him.
he says, that they had a block of 2500
shares of stock that they would sell him
for $5000, thereby letting him in on the
ground floor of a prosperous business.
Forst believed the tale of the alleged con
spirators and mortgaged his home for
$3500 and raised another $1500 by pledg-
EXCITED HIS CUPIDITY.
Ernest H. ForEt, a stockholder in the
Malson Riche Catering Company, which
conducts a restaurant and hotel business
at the corner of Grant avenue and Geary
street, wants the affairs of the company
placed in the hands of a receiver pending
the trial of a eult for an accounting and
for an injunction preventing the sale of
his stock. The suit was filed by him
yesterday against Ralph A. Ely, manager
of the business of the company and owner
of the majority of the stock of the con
cern; the Swiss-American Bank, the in
stitution through which Forst acquired
his interest, and Sbainwald, Buckbeo &
Co., the real estate firm which has of
fered for rale Forst's stock. The com
plaint ia a long one and fairly reeks with
charges of conspiracy and fraud, in which
Ely and Arthur Bauer, cashier of the
bank, play prominent parts.
This suit is the direct result of the ac
tion of the Swiss-American Bank in at
tempting to dispose of some of the shares
of the capital stock of the Maison Riche
Company. The eharea were held by the
bank as security for a note for $1500 is-
Eued to them by Forst. The auction of
the stock was to have taken place yes
terday morning, but Shainwald, Buckbee
& Co., the auctioneers, were restrained by
an Injunction from Judge Murasky's
court.
Rusk was immediately taken into a pri
vate room and searched for the key with
which it was supposed he had twice
gained his liberty. The now sober man
laughed at the authoritles / as they were
searching him. When they had finished
he told them he would show them how he
eot out. He was taken back to the cell
and locked in as before. Rusk then took
a common lead pencil from his vest
pocket and shoved it into the keyhole.
After fumbling around with the lock a
moment, working the while with the bolt
in the socket he was able to throw it
back and open the door. .
Chief "Wlttman was at once informed of
the discovery and he immediately ordered
new locks placed on all of the cell doors.
Th» discovery of the Rusk method of
opening the strong locks of the City
Prison accounts for the escape of Charles
Chester last May. Chester was jailed on
a charge of assault to commit murder
upon his wife. He was placed In the
same cell from which Rusk walked so
easily. At the time of his escape Station
keeper Horace White was up before the
Police Commissioners . on a charge of
neelecting to lock the door of the cell 1 In
which Chester was confined. He was ac
quitted and prisoners were placed in the
cell as before. None of them, however,
ever thought of attempting to open the
lock, which had always been regarded as
burglar-proof, until the ingeenlous Rusk
became occupant of the cell for a night.
It is reasonable to believe that the locks
on the other cell doors could have been
opened- as easily had an attempt been
made. \*
It remained, however, for a drunk to
find out the utter worthlessness of the
cell locks. Twice he freed himself and
was found strolling up and down the cor
ridors of the jail when discovered by ac
cident by one of the prison men.
On October 20 a drunken man named
Thomas Rusk was placed in a cell to re
cover from the effects of his debauch.
Prison-keeper Young locked the man In
his temporary domicile. Ten minutes
later he had occasion to enter the cor
ridor along which the cells are lined.
He was startled to find Rusk peacefully
strolling up and down tho hallway.
Thinking that he had been faulty in lock
ing up his charge Young again placed him
in the cell and said nothing of his dis
covery to the sergeant at the desk.
Thinking that he had made his prisoner
secure Young repaired to the office of the
prison.
It. was about an hour later when he
again stepped into the corridor to lock
up another drunk. The keeper could
hardly believe his eyes when he saw Rusk
again out of his cell enjoying a quiet
stroll.
It is somewhat startling- to think that
some of the most dangerous criminals of
years have been confined behind these
doors with defective locks. Just how long
these locks have been In that state la
not known, but it seems that they must
have been worthless for several years.
Murderers and felons of all classes, had
they not supposed that me department
had substantial locks on the cell doors,
might have made their escape with ease.
That tie locks of the cells of the City
Hall Prison could be opened with a lead
pencil in the hands of a drunken man
was the startling discovery made by
Prison-keeper Young several days ago.
The fact was kept a secret by the po
lice force and the truth did not leak out
until a locksmith was engaged to replace
the antiquated mechanism on the various
cell doors.
The bride was the youngf lady who cre
ated much gossip in Mill Valley by her in
fatuation for young Landgraff. She hov
ered round the stable owned by the elder
Landgraff and, despite the repeated re
quests of the latter, declined to leave the
place. It was thought the young lady was
suffering from aberration of mind, and
her father, A. J. Eaton, a well-known
business man of this city, waa notified
and he had her taken to the Receiving
Hospital for observation. It now develops
that Miss Eaton waa not weak-minded,
but simply madly infatuated with young
LandgraftV He also thought a great deal
of her and, despite the efforts of the
parents to keep the two apart, love held
sway and the devoted pair were married.
Mr. Eaton subsequently consented to his
daughter's marriage and the newly wed
ded couple spent the evening with the
bride's parents.
It was stated that Miss Eaton had made
her home in the stable, but this Is re
futed by the young woman, who under
oath testified she was employed by Land
graff as his bookkeeper.
On September 30 the father of the groom
had the bride arrested on a charge of
vagrancy and the young lady appeared
before Justice Pryor for examination. She
proved to the satisfaction of the court
that she was employed by the son, and
the Judge subpenaed him to appear before
him and corroborate or deny the testi
mony. Young Landgraff did not see fit to
testify against his future wife and The
proceedings were dropped.
The young man continued to pay suit to
Miss Eaton, and yesterday In company
with his bride he visited "Cupid" Dan
forth and secured a marriage license.
They then called upon Judge Van Nos
trand and were made . one. The young
couple will go to Mill Valley to-day and
receive the blessings of tee groom's par
ents.
A very pretty romance which will In
terest the residents of Marin County and
this city culminated yesterday, when Miss
Hattie M. Eaton of S33 Shrader street and
Joseph O. Lendgraff Jr. of Mill Valley
went before Justice of . the Peace Van
Nostrand and were, united In marriage.
Avers That He Was Swindled
by Manager Ely and
Arthur Eauer.
City Hall's Jail Locking Ap
pliances Manipulated
by a Drunk.
Courtship Is Rudely Inter*
rupted by Parents of
; the Pair.
Wants Receiver to Take
Charge of Maisqn
Riche.
Faulty Mechanism on
Cell Door Yields
to Pencil.
Hattie M. Eaton Marries
J. O. LandgraffJr.
of Mill Valley.
FORST CLAIMS
HE WAS CHEATED
PRETTY ROMANCE
ENDS HAPPILY
OPENS PRISON
DOOR WITH EASE
THE SAN :FE^NOI6Cp CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1903.
7
ATM I)HH K^T'.M'I'J-t.
PEERLESS VAUDEVILLE!
Bellman and Moore; Warren and
Blanchard; Jack Theo Trio; Phil
and Nettie Peters and tho "Villaga
Choir" Quartette. Last times of*
Max Waldon; Olivette; Th« Two
Boses; Golem an 'a Dogs and Cats
and the Ingleside Automobila
Baces shown in Motion Pictures.
Reserved Seats. . . .25c!Baloony 10o
Bex Seats and Opera Chairs 30<j
'
'Mixix I I2TTO
WSHT I HYSTERICS
so rcyyT is
j RUBES AND ROSES 1
Th« -Big Ctowd* Louihed Throughout Both
Our "All Star" Oast InduOJnr:
KOLB and PILL,
BARNEY BERNARD,
"WINFIELD BLAKE,
MAUDE AMBER,
GEORGIA CRAMET,
BEN T. DILLON.
MATINEE ON THANKSQIVINQ.
. Watch for "I-O-U."
LAST 3 NIGHTS— MATINEE SATURDAY,
KSBBT MUSICAL FAXTTAST,
STORKS
? GREAT SINGING COMPANY.
A REAL BEAUTY CHORUS.
LAST TIME NEXT SUNDAY.
NEXT MONDAY Charles Frohmaa Presents
VIRGINIA HARNED
la A. W. Plaero's Masterpiece,
IBIS
The Most Talked of Play In the Past Dacad*.
SEATS SOW BEAST.
GRANDS
Evenings at 8; Mat. "Wed. aod Sat at 2. •
SEATS NOW READY
ros axj, BsxAnraro pxsroaac*
AjsrcEs trp to abb jncx,xn>xaa ~
SATT7BOAT. HO VEMBEB 38.
SPECIAL MATINEE THANKSGIVINO DAY.
• JC&AW and IHtXAVGSK'S
Stupendous Production of General Wallace's
"BEN HUR'?
Dramatised by William Yousg — Muslo by Ed-
gar Stlllman Kelley.
Knt Mondays — Tblrd Week oe BEN HUB. .
IJBW WJGItXa.
QXTZ>2Sr, STOWS and TSSZtT*
AND A GREAT SHOW EVERY AFTERNOOJ*
AND EVENING IN THE THEATER.
SEE THB COLOREDBABY IN THE INFANT
INCUBATOR.
KTSXADBTAS XS TBS ZOO I
Xrttm of ma In the Penny Arcade.
VISIT THE i
"MYSTIC MXXBOB MAZE."
When Phonlr.s Ask for "The Chutes."
8PS<* !TrT -' r - KVTIOXTS • A MT Tgt!> 1 ''H'l'S *
AK1T0AI. STAB COTJaSE OP ZITTZB.
TAXtratENTS, Y. M. C. A— Phil Hunter.
Co., Clara Morris, Fisk Jubilee. Slnrers, Bob
Burdette. Frances Hughes Co., Mozart Sym-
phony Club. etc. Course tickets and r*>
served acata now an sale.
UTSTTnTJUri FOR BARBERS. BA«
Dil U DUIjO *ers. bootblacks, bath-
m. m. w >»•'>• — - houjei, blUlard tables,
brewers bookbinders, candy-makers, canners.
dyeta, Cour mills, foundries, laundries, paper-
angere, printers, painters, shoe factories,
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc
BT7CSAVA2T BROS,.
Irash Mannf actnren . 609 Sacramaato St.
DIRECTORY
' OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogrue and Price Lists Mallei
on Application.
7X2SSX AKD SALT MEATS.
11^ RAVFC * m Shipping Butchers. 1(H
JAJ. DUICj d VV. CUy. Tel. Main 1294,
ores. "~
LUBRICATING OILS; LEONARD A ELLIS.
418 rrent St.. S. K. Phone Main 1719. .^ ? ?
. FBX3rTZH6>.
Greater San Francisco's
Greatest Paper . . . . . , .
THF CAM
ThTFirst of BRYSON'S SERIES OF GOUL
It Will Be Issued FREE With The
=NOVEMBER 15=
r'S'^'V*^*^^ V ¦¦• ¦ y v"J .-. •' -'.\ Y < ¦'.' '•¦¦'¦ ' P^^^3^^^l^^^g?r^*^^* *^ t* ' '* *' ' ' : * : *jt*
MHjM^F~y?*y%'^ti'yCsff>sSt^^^BM^sB8S^B* >^^y • s,;.* ¦ % ..^ ¦ •.- A^RfiB9£^ i^'-'v ' v^i^h*' ¦¦'"^¦"¦t^
i _- .- -^r" :^fjriankO9aJg.'&mr*TJj\T - - - — ¦:;."¦> $z3*msmm%l&Qv!SBtineKH3*4&5JKa
pj^^R^ftJfffefc^^ .^- - "¦;*•¦. .-.'.''"¦.-'. .' :: ?: r - '¦' J' - > jstL^f^jB^^W^^C^S^NKtrfW'Pil^TB
'*AT THE OPERA."
Tlie first subject selected could scarcely be recognized
by the half-tone above, on account of the impossibility of
showing the exquisite coloring of the origrinaj by this
process. ,. . ",.'•„
Copies of the original which are to be given away are
displayed in prominent places throughout the city. Don't
izil to inspect one.
"At the Opera" has a decidedly pleasing flavor in its
composition. It depicts a beautiful, buddin&r young
woman, rich in all the attractiveness of her young life.
and typically an American GirL
The ideal Grecian profile, the rich coloring of her au-
burn hair, the carelessly draped opera gown, exposing
her delicately chiseled neck and bust, all combine to give
the study a distinct character. The background could not
be more -aptly described than by the saying — it's Bry-
son's — as in his execution and handling of. colors he *
seems to impart to his creations a bit of life and dash
seldom attained by contemporary artists.
TtKIffKBrBER -The publisher has no possible way of
knowing just how many of this set to order: the best he
can do is to guess; and as it will take weeks for addi-
tional orders to be refilled, it seems proper to suggest
that every one wanting this beautiful "Series in Gold"
ought to order from his carrier, newsdealer or 'phone
this office in ample time. The demand will be tremen-
dous.
ORDER TO-DAY. DO IT NOW.
Next Sunday's Call.
LCALIFORNIA..
BRING THB CHILDRKN TO-MORROW.
The World's Most Marvelous Mafldan.
HERRMANN
THE, GREAT.
Accompanied by th* Military Musician*.
THB LASKT3.
NEXT SUNDAY.
ROSE MELVILLE, the Original SIS HOPKINS
First Tlaia Hers. Seats on Sal«.
"Ther« ain't no »*nsa In doln' nnthln*
for nobody what never dona nuthln* for
you." " --•- "
TIVDUSSBl
— — TO-21TOHT— —
and Saturday Nizht,
Puccini's Tragic Opera.
"TOSCA."
Thorsday and Eunday Nights. Eat. Matlne*.
Verdi's Ever-Popular
"IL TROVATORE."
Stslndorff Night Will Bo on Monday Evening
Next. November 18.
NEXT WEEK — First American Production
ot "Zaza." alternating with "Purltanl."
PRICES AS USUAL— 23c. BOe. T3o.
Telephone Bush 9.
A T *T< A T A T% Belaeco * Mayer.
ALCAZAR swat
_ General Manager.
"The Hew Alcazar Company Has Mad*
Oood in Every Play."— Sewi Letter.
TO-NIGHT— MATS. TO-MORROW AND SUN.
SHOUTS! SHRIEKS! SCREAMS I
The Private
Secretary. &
Evss.. 23c to 75c: Mat. Sat. A Sun.. ISo to 60e.
NEXT MONDAY— First Time In This City.
The New York and London Success.
THE CLUB'S BABY.
A Comedy Convulsion In Three Spasms.
CENTRAHKg
Market street. Near Eighth. Phone South 333.
TO-WiaHT— THREE LAST SIGHTS.
MATINEES TO-MORROW AND SUNDAY.
Stockwell's Mammoth Production of
UNCLE TOM'S CABIN
Prize Cake-Walk TO-NIGHT.
DDirCC EVENING8 10c to Wo
iMlVCd MATINEES../. lOo. 15o. 25c
MONDAY, November 16 — The- Gorgeous
Spectacle, "UNDER THE POLAR STAR."
Introducing. First Time In the United States.
Esquimaux and Esquimaux Dogs Of KoItcbofTs
Arctic and Alaskan Exhibit, en rout* to St.
Louis World's Fair.
PIANO RECITAL
ANGELUS PIANO PLAYER.
SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 14th, AT 3 P. M.
IN STEINWAY HALL,
Another Piano Recital will be given by Mr.
Perclvsl K. Van Yon. with the aid of
...THE AIMCELUS....
". .Soloist: MISS DAISY COHN. Soprano.
Complimentary tickets may be. secured at oar
store any time before th<» recital.
SHERMAN*, CLAY A CO..
Kearny and Sutter Sts.. 8an Francisco.
BASEBALL!
PACIFIC COAST LEAGUE.
RECREATION PARK.
EIGHTH AND HARRISON—
CHAMPIONSHIP GAMES.
THURSDAY AND, FRIDAY. 3 P. M.; 8A.T-
- URDAY. 3 P. M.
SUNDAY...... ,....2:30 P. M.
SEATTLE VS, SAN FRANCISCO.
LADIES' DAYS THURSDAY AND FRIDAY.
Advance Sale. S Stockton at.
Palace dont fail to
1 ttlU VV see beautiful
j COURT Loun|inf
anil ; room: the EMPIRE
aUU PARLOR, the
C~~~A PALM ROOM, the
liniflU LOUIS XV PAR-
ui uuu LORr li|d the ljLm
W A*^1« DIES * WRITING
Hotels koom i
¦ __'¦ PBAOEBS ,
Double Stamp Days
2 for 1
To-Day gnj Saturday
Double the usual number of Green Trading
Stamps will be given with all purchases made to-
day and to-morrow.
This is on exceptionally liberal offer, as several
very important special sales are now being conducted
The women's cloak and suit section offers a num-
ber of splendid opportunities to save money. The
linen department is conducting a sale for the Thanks-
giving table. Millinery, art goods, dress goods and
silks, fancy goods— everything in the store has
some extraordinary inducement' to offer.
1238-1850 MARKET Si}****
ADVERTISEMENTS.
PUT ON A
GOOD FRONT
By wearing correctly
tjmT cut clothes made to
' . %JL ywr measure.
aSmlm dressed men in this
ipf=§ipi c| tf are v &nn&
¦ m-?mW&$ clothes made In our
mW®& ' st0 P' a single
case of dissatisfac-
tion. It costs you
lii $i=
H m to dress well by our
*J|! ]H plan. Come in to-
qBa^y day and be meas-
A.*B. SMITH CO.'
"." Up-to-Date- Tailors, .
128-132 Ellis Street, Above Powell.
SAN FRANCISCO.
El M Ml TP~~K P IB
STRONG &Ca^?^.
v 6 PATENTS^ "J
I ; lA/^T.,..HES9,y
| Votary i Public ana Attorney-»t-I*w. •¦
Tenth Floor.'' Room 1019. Claua Epreckel* ' bide.
- , .. ; •-:>< Telephone Main: 888. ¦-". . - ; '
iRssldenc*. 821 Calif orola st., below PomiL
'.;.-.- y Restflsfcce-IeUBhons ¦ Jacua Z8CLL''-, ' ' • *-,
•—*••» — ---.»—-_ — -- - - 7^ * . _:•-:"*•-•'The boxing enthusiasts are asking now,
"Who is Canole and what men have been
defeated \ by . him ?".
Canole is training at Larkspur and has
little to' say about his coming engagement.
.The men meet one week from to-night at
Colma in a 25-round boutr the extra, five
rounds ;t>eing permitted across the county
line.
/Betting has commenced on the Brltt-
Canole fight: \ At this early day the Call
fornian 1s a lto 2 favorite over the Bos
ton man. . - .
Britt a Top Heavy Favorite.
Some statistics published in -Berlin of
accidents during mountain clirnblng Indi
cate that this season stands out as pecu
liarly unfortunate. The figures Include
Switzerland, the Tyrol, Italy and Ger
many.. Altogether 148 serious accidents
are reeoraed. involving 1S6 persons. One
hundred and thirty-six persons have been
killed either by falls, lightning, frost- or
other causes. Sixty have been Injured
and of these several subsequently suc
cumbed to their Injuries. The fate of ten
persons who disappeared In the mountains
has cttll to be discovered. July ¦ Is ac
countable for thirty-seven accidents Au
gust forty-four, September thirty*, the
other* being spread over the' remaining
months of the year. Geneva authorities
put the numb*"*- killed at 300. — New York
Commercial Advocate.
- eath Toll of the Alps.
Programme of Music, Song and Sps
cialty Acts Is Followed by
Dancing'.
The Vampire Football Club held its first
annual entertainment r.nd dance at Scot
tish Hall last night. It was largely at
tended. Those who participated in the
programme were: Taliesln Evans, H. "Wil
liamson, E. Myers. W. J. Thomas. R. J.
Buchly, A. L. Bentley. A. E. Lorane and
J. E. Mesple. In the dance which followed
all entered Into the spirit of the occasion
with gr«?at gusto. -The committee was as
follows: -
Pe^rST G TTTS^lS^H. 1^
W SeUon D J. K. McCallun,
¦p m Peterson J. D. Robertson. •
Recemion committee— R. H. Turner. R. K.
Alrth E M Peterson. J. D. Martin. A. W.
WIMln> • R>' J BucMy. V. 3. Showell. R. S
wiavw' F TV Key. W. M. Jamleson. E. T.
LanVdale. F. R. Harwood, F. W. Somerfleld,
A Floor G cdmrn r ittee— F. It. Harwood. managar;
E.M Peterson. V. S. Showell. R. S. Weaver.
The officers of the club are: President.
W Knowles; vice presidents, J. A. Gro
ver and H. E. Ward; secretary treasurer,
V. S. Showell.
VAMPIEE FOOTBALL CLUB
GIVES AN ENTERTAINMENT
Lord Salisbury's death has brought to
mind the great influence exercised upon
both' his "private -and public .life .by his
wife. The ' most ' unassuming of women,
LadyC Salisbury possessed the great'facul
ty'of giving encouragement to and Inspir
ing enthusiasm in -.others, and- hffr tact
and judgment ;were unerring. As a wife
she. proved a helpmeet indeed to the man
who risked his . father's ire in marrying,
as a younger eon, a lady ._ who possessed
neither -,beaut>\ nor wealth, and, ; more
over,; was not of his', own social rank; She
madeVan ideal', poor, man's wife, for at
the": time « of . their . marriage -. Lord I Salis
bury. • then Lord : Robert Cecil,' was w'ork
ing hardito earn"; an •Income, and she was
equally .successful " as ; the wife .of ', one [ of
England's greatest ; statesmen:;. A .woman
who ; can 1 have * played \ two'such ; parts so
as to win the sincere approval and ¦ devo
tion ;? of * her I husband V must J indeed have
p'ossessed high" qualities.' When one ; comes
to Uhink; Hoover, great; Englishmen have
in many notable instances possessed wives
of '. strorigv and sweet "character; ; who in
most fcases -. have ; not ; ; been i women of
great mental iattalnments.A-roan of dis
tlnetlon,< whether .he is a ; statesman, : post,
painter.: or : ' scientist, ' does not v/ant - a
biasing star, by; his side. - It' is ; the gentle,"
tactful, • resourceful ' woman : wluv: stands
him in jgood, ; stead,' .i whose;; value", is not
patent to every/chance acquaintance;, who
desires ; not ; glory.A f or i herself ; save • only
that ) of I keeping ¦ her,- husband ; true \ his
best ; self ' and ; of making ; her children
worthy of i. their I father.— London - World. \
Wives of Great Men.
Boston's corn exports continue to fall
off, Montreal having become the principal"
shipping port on the Atlantic side for this
commodity. . The Boston shipments have
declined about 60 per cent and the New
York shipments 23 per cent since the Do
minion hag made the Canadian port free.
As matterh now stand, grain for export
can b« shipped from Chicago to Liverpool
via Montreal 3 cent* a bushel cheaper
than through Boston, In spite of the fact
that thifc port has Buj>er!or facilities for
transhipment. A remedy for this condi
tion ot things lies in the lowering of. the
export freight rate by the American rail
roads, but although the export shippers
are trying to get the railroads to grant
them concessions on grain for export
by seaboard ports, the roads are doing
such a large domestic business that they
are not inuch inclined to cater to the
cheap ocean busings.— Boston Trantcrlrt.
Montreal's Grain Export.
Northern L«ad. a young Eastern grey
hound of promise, will start for the first
time on this coast to-morrow at Ingleside
Coursing Park. He meets Lady Menlo
his first time out and coursing men differ
in their opinions as to the outcome. The
draw for the 96-dog open stake which will
be run to-morrow resulted as follows:
Trotting Bob v*. Crockett Boy: Haste Stuff
vs. Me un tain Poet; SofaU rs. Toronto: Glau
eus vs. Bob R: Dorothy M ra. Pasha Pleas
ant: Master Clalr vs. E<»aator: Boots vs Rox
ana: Black Cbon vs. Tanke« Boy: Encore vs.
May Flush; Young F*arlesa vs. ProgTes*o;
Lost Girl vs. Llttl* Lucy: Prometheus vs. Re
gal Attire: Onward Maud r». Miss Green:
Beauty Gold x*. Queen* • Metta: Tom Hurllck
vs Mm Wilson; Crerao vs. Holen Hayes:
£?. o^* f * l L. T "- m B-«»*acy:- Royal Friend vs.
Niobe; Pure Peart v«. Fr»» Born: Firm Fel
low xa. Agitator; Slsktyou v». Topsy Turvy
Belfast vs. Our Motto; Jtnc'» Helta vs. Cu
bar.ola; Fenll vs. Commercial Traveler- Den
Pedro vs. Gold Lily: R#U S v*. Free From
Flaw; GraceW vs. Und* Vista: Braw's Hill
vs. Tyrone Prince: Sllevennrr.cin vs. our Mvra:
racing Billy vs. Toun* KUmath; Orslna" v».
Golden Rule; Welcome Light vs. Concord Bov;
Lily -Wrurht vs. St. Conn; Money Mu«k *.«.
Rich Anro*y: Tobasco Bob r». Doreen- Fal«
Alarm vs. Mark Twain; Maid of Gowrle vs.
Real Duchess: Comique vs. Maid of Merer;
Bonnie Huzhie vs. Northern Alarm; Lady
Menlo va. Northern Lad; viking vs. OuMa;
Balendlne vs. Hesoer; Homer Boy vs. Had
dlngton; Krishna va. Spectal; Daylight vs.
Colored Lady; Intruder va. Little Plun&er;
Idleness vs. Good Decision; Doc Burns v».
Little Mercy.
Northern Lad Is Expected to De
velop Into a Courser of the
Highest Class.
YOUNG EASTZEN HOUND
TO STAKT " AT INGLESIDE
JiATOZTIA S£X.SCTICmS.
By the New York Morning Telegraph.
First race — BadXord, Illuminate,
Choice.
Second race — Eccentric, Applause.
Lyrist.
Third race— Love's Labor. Barbara
Freitchie, Lubia.
rourtb. raco — Charawtad, Ceylon, Sea
Pirate.
Piftii raco — Bougrb ud Tumble. raJia
Entry. Cassle Schulcr.
SlxtH race— -ilosketo. Arachne. WorUi
ingrton. .
"He is like a city clerk under suspension
for thro*> w«>«'kj=. It used to be a common
thing for pilot.* from this Fide to get car
ried over, but Flnce the days of steam
pliot boats we can alv.ay? manage to take
a man oJT, In f^lte of rough weather. Of
course, a steanu-r with a record to male
isn't goirg to Ktop for a little thing like
dropping a pilot. It Is cheaper for her to
carry him along than to delay, but it's
mighty hard on him. In the old days the
boys used to chip in for a little purse for
the family of the pilot who was carried
out. More English pilots accidentally come
here' than American pilot* go over there.
Queenstown harbor is a hard place to
make when the Irish Sea is out cf humor.
The big liners won't even stop for the
mailf; and that's an important thing to
an Englishman."— New York Times.
.The Liverpool pilot who was carried by
Queenstcwn and landed in New York last
week will not have to pay anything for
his passage or meals, but he will have
more time on his hands tnan he likes to
think about, said a Sandy Hook pilot. "If
he ha« never been across before he may
enjoy himself a b:t seeing N>w York, but
when he thinks of the wif«- and little ones
at home who have nothing coming- in all
this time he is apt to feel a bit blue. His
earnings do not begin until the Oceanic
passes Queens-town again, homeward
bound.
Pilots Carried to Sea.
¦ The team: work has improved greatly within
the la«t two. weeks, and I think will compare
well with Stanford'*. We have been trying out
halves all along • In > order, to get, the pick of
them. There has been a' good deal of talk about
our not having selected our backs and perfected
team work, but we * could not "do - It* '"¦ We
have had. a veteran. line all the time.' but not
veteran backs. , • Mini ; is the , only^ man who \ la
playing in' the position ihe t played In lant
y»*r. Wtolpple waj chanced from full to half
The smashing game will be necessary on ac
count ¦ of - the new • rules; which • force playing
t&gainst the line. The new rules were designed
to make the play, more open.: but they have had
the opircsite *ffect. . Heretofore there '¦. was in
terference behind the line, but the rules forbid
that now In certain parts nf the field, so that
line-bucking is necessary. :^OJBMPw4ui
The backs will not do any end running be
cause of the superiority of the Stanford ends.
At present it seems our play is to break down
the opposing line.' , By. straight smashing
through . the line we hope ' to ¦ wear : the other
men out. 'As the game ¦ progresses,' if things
go as w« wish. - their efficiency will grow less
and less. -/4MMWI - ¦ . -. ¦-
Of Sstroud as center and . Overall and Stow
as guards I think" there can be no question
as to their superiority to the opposing men on
the Stanford line. Ac to the - tackles, llelt
muller and Howard, they are not stars, but
they are good, consistent players. They are
good enouch . to handle . their opponents, . I
think. Both will have to play . hard, because
Stanford has < been massing its line bucks
against tackles. I noticed that Stanford hit
our tackles hard in the freshmen - game. • ' »
As for the ends, I -don't think we are as
strong 'as Stanford, though I have 'not: noticed
any attempts of Stanford to smash down : end*.
Hudson will go in as. right end. If he is. able,
and Demeritt as left end. Hudson is not any
better than Oliver, who is his substitute, ex
cept that he has had- more experience. ¦ The
trouble with both Demeritt and Oliver is that
they do not get In and . break up interference.
The biggest danger.. we. stand In.' however, ia
from the ends losing .'sight of the ball on some
trick play. The new rules give chances - for
lots of trick plays that may . turn .' out to be
costly for the team if the men do ¦ not Ijok
sharp. $&*&&&&
The efficiency back of our line. If we have
any. lies in unity 'of action. The- men are
good on the offensive and much better on' the
defensive than ¦ lasf year, ' though ithey -still
have a good deal to learn. Mini, the left half,
is the best of .the four. Stern at full is fair,
but he does not us« his strength as he should."
Whlpplfc . is a little slow. More at quarter . Is
not as good as he was last year.- though he
should have been , better." . His strength : lies in
his coolness and < generalship. , /
I think our line is stronger than Stanford's.
With the big veteran men we have there we
ought to be able to hold the Stanford backs.
On our line will fail the brunt of the battle,
as Stanford has backs that are better; than
ours. .
On a. dry field California's chances for win
ning would be greatly improved.--ln fact, the
el-ven would *tn. But the field is going tq
be wet ana slippery, so the result will be
uncertain. The element of luck is sure io
enter largely into the outcome. The team*
are so evenly matched In weight that the wet
held will wipe out the slight difference. Cal
ifornia U not much heavier after all than
fct The°K»me of course, will be slow If the
day ie wet. The sandy fiMd at Richmond may
not be as bad as that at Berkeley, but it.}»
bound to retard the men a little. I d'^n t
think there will be much fumbling. unWs
it Ik too muddy. A good deal of our prac
tice has b**n devoted to preventing that eort
of thine 1 have tried -ao make the men un
derstand that when they have hold of a hall
they ought to choke It almost to death — never
It"wtll not be a kicking game" on our slit*.
We will, kick only -when we. find, we cannot
make , the ground. Our ground-gaining Lt
tempts will lie concentrated against th» Stan
ford line. Unless -we can go thr>ugh it, of
course. It will force us , to kick. For vhis
Overall will bt utilized.
across the muddy field for signal
practice this afternoon. Whipple is one
of those • qufet, say-nothing men who
thinks it doesn't pay to brag beforehand
because there's no telling what will turn
up In a football game. It Is easy to see
Whipple Is a little bit worried about the
outcome of the trial, though he is not
losing sleep over it. In estimating the
chances of California he carefully refrains
from saying he believes the team will win
"easy" or "hands-down," or in any other
equally expressive way, and he doesn't
indulge in any forecasts as to how the
score will read. The teams, he finds after
close figuring, are pretty evenly matched
—so evenly matched he won't hazard a
flatfooted avowal as-to.wnich will win.
Here is the way he sizes up the situation
and the players:
BERKELEY, Nov. 12.— Coach "Jim"
¦\Vhipple sat for an inter^ew on
the chances of the California
eleven Just before the men slid
The members of the New Century
Wheelmen gave their second annual ball
and home trainer races last evening in
Native Sons'- Hall. The races for the
evening were for a distance of two* miles
each, and besides the New Century Club's
members, the Bay City Wheelmen, Oak
land Wheelmen, Star Wheelmen, Califor
nia Cycling Club and Garden City Wheel
men were entoi ed.
The first heat was between Merle Gray
and Hearther; Gray- won: 'time, 3:07 3-5.
Second . race— Pearne .won from Spellman;
time,- 2:53 3-5. Third race— Wllkes won
from Kirschner; time, 3:02 2-5. Fourth
race— Waibel won from Brown; time, 3:01.
Fifth race-Bergner outrode Bofflnger;
time, 3:11 1-5.. .
The sixth and last race was by far the
most ¦ Interesting of the evening. Victor
S. Grey," of the Bay. City Wheelmen de
feated ;D. Mainland of the New Century
Club after a- close race In which' neither
man had' any apparent lead over the. other
up to the "mile and three-quarter mark.
Grey was a trifle stronger, at the finish
and made a little gain over his opponent,
which won him the race. Time— Grey.
2:59; Mainland, 3:01. •. . , :
The average time made by the different
clubs was-as follows: Bay City, 5:25 3-5;
Garden City. 6:0S 3-5; New Century Wheel
men, 6:102-5. , ;5
At the conclusion of. the races the floor
.was cleared for dancing. . '
Home Trainer Event Goes to Team
' Flying the Colors of Bay City
Wheelmen.
with California on Saturday. De
spite a heavy mist that prevailed all day,
a large body of students— among them
many loyal Stanford girls — assembled on
the - bleachers ' to cheer ¦ the team which
they will support to the finish day after
to-morrow.
The coaches did not line the men up
for scrimmage work, but the husky ath
letes were nevertheless put through some
strenuous signal practice. They were also
CYCLERS RACE AND DANCE
AT NATIVE SONS' HALL
>«9 TANFORD UNIVERSITY, Nov.
:(^^ 12.— The varsity eleven appeared
\^"""SJ on the gridiron to-night ; for the
last practice prior to their contest
.. The. other,- Speakers? were'. J._ B. . vLand
field,' ', Professor y'Albert^Putzker, ' :' Milton
Schwartz, Mini of : the football" squad ; and
others. BBfiSHBBHIIBHEiS£§lBsHB&
* .Walter Christie said if, Stanford Is faster
than California back of ,the line; they will
"have; to show; him", next : Saturday. v
\: Warren,Olney Jr. . indulged in ' some rem
iniscences ; of "early football* days, Tgoing
back-to^the time -when^ signals were; first
brought into the West ' from ; Eastern iUni-"
versities. ., ¦ .. ti'. ~ 'n^wSBS8Wff sa BF v " ; -
~ "It has been said the I players :- did ; not
work hard. This is j all rot. The' men, have
been bruised more ¦ than ] usual { this year.
s «tany of them haves been laid*; off. , They
all want to win. ; I don't care: whether we
win or lose, you ought, to 6 be. proud "of
them. - If ' we . lose\lt \wlll ,;not ; be because
the boys did not itry^ or/are 1 not; In condi
tion, but because. Stanford ; has [the better
team." SPBP99KHH
Coach Whipple was escorted to the plat
form by a howling crowd of ; Vooters."
He said: iHllilWlwf I IP ' ''"i/ffif^HFaSaM
John R. Glascock was there, and so was
Regent Charles S. Wheeler. "Ovle" Over
all and the rest of the football heroes
all made speeches, or tried hard: to do so,
and between times the "OskI! wow!
wow!" the "Hall California',' and- the
"Boola boola" were shouted with the con
centrated power of those thousand lungs.
"Ovle" Overall, captain' of ; the eleven,
struck the first note when 'he said the
team -was but to win and,', that .''its.:.per
fect condition and team work. would carry
lt'across the line to victory.\. He^sald::'-"!
am ' glad . to . say that every man is In per
fect condition. At the beginning ' of ¦ the
season we were slow, but the menhave
awakened. I cannot see. anything but vic
tory. I propose three cheers : ,, for the
coaches and for the second eleven."''
The cheers were given and then John
R; Glascock. of the class of. '65 "said some
things that brought! out the | last of -any
latent" enthusiasm : that might have been
lurking around in dark corners. ; The col
lege was .- small in ; his day, he . said, but
what there was -of it fought hard. That
is all that Is left" for California : to do Sat
urday—fight hard.
: The cheers (burst all around Regent
Wheeler when he said "The.t>lue and gold
must and shall win." He did* not believe
in boasting, but he did not mind bragging
about this game.; ."Not,. only the .5500
people . at the - game • next SaturufTy," . he
said, "but the million other,' souls of this
State will be looking In upon : it. .-Thou
sands will be there to contribute- their
yells, but a million will be there by proxy
and vou are their proxies. \'j'-£«HnSPJ
BERKELEY, Nov. 12.— The California
rooters held their last rally before the
big- game to-night j at . Harmon Gymna
sium. A thousand , students gathered in
the hall and at the instigation of Yell
Leader "Phil". Carey tried to raise the
roof from the house. .
BERKELEY ROOTERS MEET.
Make Harmon Gymnasium Ring
With Their Songs and Yells.
Whipple gave out the following list cf
players who will act as substitutes: Forse
at full back and tackle; Snedigar and Kit
trelle as first substitute halves; Risley and
Muther as second substitute halves; El
liott as second substitute fullback; Belfc
nap as first substitute quarter; Geary,
second substitute center; Taylor, substi
tute center; Gray, substitute guard.
In case the game groes against us I think
the men will keep, on fighting Just as hard.
Overall Is not the man-to lose his head when
the score is the other way. In fact, he plays
a better game when he is on the losing side
than he does when he is on the winning Bide.
I don't think there is much to be gained
by Stanford If ehe tries to balk us off side by
faking with the ball. If the quarter attempts
to feint with it he will put • his own team
offside, too. and there will be nothing In that
for Stanford. - .- •
There has- been a lot of talk, too. about
California's offside play but in reality .there
has been little of that. It has been more un
lawful use I of hands and interference with
center and holding than offside play, for which
violations the rules, are much more rigid this
year. These faults I have tried to correct and
I think there will be little of It in Saturday's
game.
back and Stern is a new man. So you see
it has been uphill work getting the team to act
like a machine. - • . ¦ • •
James Hanby, press agent of Harlem
track, . Chicago, arrived yesterday. He
states John Condon will be a visitor here
some 'time during: next month.
Maxey Blumenthal is another New
Yorker mentioned as likely to be cut this
way. and takea shy'at the game.
It 'was settled' yesterday that the ap
prentice - allowance '. claimed' would be al
lowed by the- California Jockey Club.
Arriving* .Chlcagoites think * Jockey
Buchanan's chances of reinstatement are
bright. ;;
; D.' Hall, who is under contract to ride
here for Barney Schreiber,- is said to.be
the kingpin of all .the post riders. If he
is' speedier -away from the barrier than
Tommy . Burns or Eddie Jones, when the
latter was in his prime. Hall must be a
hummer. . BMBSBBBflH
AI Rostern,' Tommy Murphy and "Willie
Applegate reached here from Chicago
yesterday morning. Al brought along a
few Blue Points, and later on In the sea
son will deal out the ' pasteboards for
.Willie Appleg'ate.
'A. Martin. ., of. . one-two-three fame,
reached here yesterday rrom Chicago.
He will cut into-morrow.
Walter Jackson of New York, Ferd
Owens and Charley Wilson of Chicago, all
connected with different booking enter
prises, joined the colony of Easterners
yesterday, i ¦ •
Phil HamrniH, cashier for Barney
Schreiber -and a recent arrival, says the
genial St. Louis penciler Is duo here to
day.
According to hearsay Billy Beverly will
be out here again this season, after an
absence of three years. If there is any
body out this way who can beai Billy'at
picking a "cold one" from the slates his
address is wanted.
Bookmaker Jce Rose will leave New
York for this city next Sundav.
J.vW. Brooks, manager of Ascot Park
track, Los Angeles. Is in town. Work
on the new track is progressing rapidly
and it is said "Boots" Durnell recently
worked some horses over the course.
J. W. Brooks Is Here Stirring Up
Business for the New Los An
/¦ ¦/-¦ geles Track.
MORE TURFMEN ARRIVE
FROM DIFFERENT, POINTS
The eleven men who will face California
in the Initial line-up on Saturday are:
Right end. Smith; right tackle. Shields;
right guard. Jacobs; center, Hauverman;
left guard, Thompson; left tackle, Spratt;
left end. Clark: quarterback. Captain
Bansbach; right half, Chalmers; -left half,
W. Dole; fullback, "Weller. Of these men
six— Bansbach, Dole, Sprott. Clark, Hau
verman and Thompson— have played
against California before. The others will
win their varsity emblems on the football
field for the first. time.
tried at starting from the mark, catching
punts and other rudimentary points of
the same.
JAMAICA SSI^ECTIOJTS.
By the New York Morning Telegraph.
Tint race— S&uale "Worth. Athlaaa,
Buttons.
Second race — All Gold, Wild Fir at a.
Animosity.
Third race — Crown Prince. 3etlceat.
Mimosa.
Fourth race — Carbuncle, X.a2y Poten
tate. G. Whlttier.
Plftli race— Ben* cf Portland, Clear
the Arena, Zelller.
Sixth race— Unmasked, Gravina, G.
Wnlttler.
Men Do Not Line Up for Scrimmage Work,
but Are Kept on the Move.
Discusses Rival Elevens Man for. Man and
Weighs the Possibilities.
CARDINAL TEAM ENJOYS
ITS FINAL PRACTICE
COACH WHIPPLE FINDS
TEAMS WELL MATCHED
These investigations show the impor
tance of • good feeding to brain ¦ develop
ment.. The -brain cannot do Us 'work
without-an abundance of pure, well-nour
ished blood. Other things being : equal, a
heavier train implies greater mental pow
er. andXr. Mantlegka finds that persons
employed in industries where the nourish
ment of the body is apt to.be insufficient
and the muscular exercise slight show,
as a rule, higher brains than do more fa
vorably circumstanced persons. '-
• •• Blacksmiths and metal 1 workers ; in gen
eral have heavier brains than ; coachmen;
but the latter exceed carpenters in brain
weight,-- and • carpenters ". exceed - ¦ persons
employed; in clothing : industries, Vwhile; at
the bottom of the scale stand" those who
are engaged in the manufacture; and sale
of alcoholic '¦[ drinks, , who • are 5 apt - to . do
more or less!- drinkingrjtrjemselves.
.It, would also appear!that : the weight, of
the brain may be increased by the direct
exercise of Its own function, men of men
tal : training ; showing,' as : a -; rulei greater
brain j weight -.than . others. ; ; It , should \ be
remembered- '.that \ the size of ¦¦¦ the ••¦ head
cannot ;be". : taken ; as »a. trustworthy index
of i the \ weight • of ; the brain." ¦ The organic
quality is the mai nthlng.— London .-. Ex
press.; ; . -~
One might predict absolutely from a
glance. at his head that' a given youne
man must become a great financier "or a
poet or a philosopher, with no more dan
ger of a mistake than in asserting that
one tree, will produce acorns and another
apples. But the shrewder, sort of phrenol
ogists see that this will not do. and so
they endeavor to modify the base-* of their
science; to suit the infinitely varied facts
of human nature and development.
The real progress In brain study is made
by those who undertake the work as far
as possible without any preconceived and
pre-perfeeted : theory 'to "lead or mislead
them. >Dr. H. Mantiegka has recently
published in the "Proceedings of the
Royal ' Scientific Society of Bohemia",
some remarkable observations; on the re
lations of. the weight of the brain and the
size -and shape of the skull to the mental
powers of man. '-.'•¦ HBMB3
Man's curiosity is naturally boundless
concerning his brain, which is believed to
be the seat and the token of that mental
power which makes him the undisputed
king of the' earth. If the brain were
really such a box of drawers as some
phrenologists have assumed, with every
thing in Its place and all possible faculties
accounted. for, human heads could be clas
siflfd as readily as plants, and nobody
could fail to distinguish between them
any more than. one can fail to elect roses
from lilies.
Obcervations on the Relations of
Skulls to the Mental
.towers.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Nov. 12.
—Sixteen hundred people, half of
them composing the Stanford root
ing' section, crowded Assembly Hall
to-night x In a~ monster, rally for the
varsity football eleven. The enthusiasm
of the assemblage, had It needed encour
agement, found sufficient incentive in the
speeches made by President Jordan,
Coach Lanagan, Trainer Moulton and
others.
President Jordan and Coach Lanagan
were outspoken in their praise of the
spirit shown by the football squad this
year and of the careful attention which
the men had paid to training rules. "The
way to win," j said President Jordan, "is
to deserve to win, and the team this
year deserves to win."
Coach Lanagan thanked the student
body for the support given the coaches
and the team and expressed his confi
dence that. every man on the eleven would
do his best on Saturday to win a. victory.
Dr. Frank Angell of the I faculty ath
letic committee, Professors Lewers, Duni
way and Whitaker and "Dad" lloulton
also addressed the meeting. Every song
and yell that will be given on Saturday
was thoroughly tried out until the_ hall
fairly re-echoed with the cheering.
Afterward the rooters danced serpentine
around a bonfire, placed in the center of
the inner quadrangle. In attempting to
take a flashlight 'picture of the serpentine
an assistant in a Palo Alto photograph
gallery had his hand badly crushed by
the explosion of a flashlight cartridge.
SOME LATE FACTS
%M: ABOUT OUR BRAINS
The salt erupt was so thick, however,
that It retained its old level, and now
presents the curious rpectacle of a salt
roofed lake. The salt coat Increases six
Inches in thickness every year. The
many islands with which the lake is
studded are paid to act as braces and to
k*ep the arched salt crust in position.—
Philadelphia Ledger.
In the long ago period evaporation of
the lake'F waters left great salt crystals
oa the Furfaco. In course of time thes?
caked tofcttl.er. Thus the waters were
I n.illy tn*j»tly covered. In 1ST8 the lan«
found an underground outlet into the
River Obi. which lowered its surface
about three feet
Probably the most remarkable lake in
the world is one with a coating of salt
that completely conceals the water. It
may be seen at any time during the year,
fully exposed, being seen at its best when
the "sun is fhinlng directly upon it. This
wonderful body of water is one of the
Ealtest of the salt lakes, and is situated
rear Obdorsk, Siberia. The lake is nine
miles wide and seventeen long, and with
in the memory of man was entirely roofed
Over by the salt deposit. Originally evap
oration played the most prominent part
in coating the lake over with salt, but
now the salt springs which surround it
are adding fast to the thickness of the
crust.
Great Salt-Coated Lake.
The new field will occupy the Hillegass
tract, facing on Bancroft way aDd border
ing en Strawberry Creek. It will occupy
the same Fpot that has been set aside for
It in the Ber.ard plans for the greater
university. It will be a little larger than
the regulation football field, which is
110x60 yards. The earth will be removed
from this area and piled up fifty feet
high, the earth forming the, wells. On
the slopes of this embankment will be
built the bleachers, enough to accommo
date 25.000 people. In four or five years,
when the earth wl!l have become compact,
the bleachers can be built on the em
bankment, thus avoiding underpinning and
possible accidents.
Ultimately it is proposed to build a con
crete wall around the field and ivy will
be grown upon it to make it the more
sightly. The field itself will be sown with
grass: ; O;^'-^" ;
A» the plans are still being drawn no
#rtimate has b*>en made as to the cost
of the improvement. That will come later,
when the Regents take the matter up.
BERKELEY, Nov. 12.— If the plans the
executive committee of the Associated
Students, the Board of Regents and John
Galen Howard, the architect, are at pres
ent working upon are carried out the
University of California will have the best
football oval on the coast. Mr. Howard
has the pUr.s partially drawn and should
the Board of Regents act favorably upon
them the work will begin in the spring
In ord*»r to complete it in time for the
football game next year, which." accord-
Ing to agreement, must be played on the
campus.
CINCINNATI. Nov. 12. — Latonia summary:
First race, six furlongs — John Yerkee won.
Quiz II second. Miss Gollghtly third. Tune,
1:18*».
Second race, six furlongs — Sanetoxno won,
Rainland second. Henry Lyons third. TLae.
1:16%.
Third race, one mile and seventy yards —
Antolee won. Chickadee second, Trocadero
third. Time, 1:50^.
Fourth race, five and a half furlongs — Katie
Powers won, Llda Lleb second. Alma Dufour
third. Time. 1:10^4.
Fifth race, one and an eighth miles, handi
cap— Reservation ¦ won. BardolDh second, Fon
soluca third. Time, 1:57^.
Sixth race, seven furlongs — Fair Lady
Anna won, Mamselle second, John Coulter
third. Time, 1:31.
Fifth race, five and a half furlongs — Oria
kany won. Fortune Hunter second. Yellow
Hammer third. Time. 1:08.
Sixth race, one and a sixteenth miles — Pass
Book won. Sir Sbep second. Mart Mull-n
third. Time. 1:5a
Fourth race, six furlongs — Union handicap —
Sweet Alice won. Lux Casta second, Irene
Llndsey third. Time. 1:14.
Second race, mile and a sixteenth, handi
cap — Buttons won, Colonsay second. Tribes
Hill 'third. Time. 1:47 2-5.
Third race, six furlongs, Boulevard stake* —
Sourlere won. Reveille second. Wizard third.
Time, 1:14 1-fi.
First race, six furlongs, selllsg — Ascension
won. Andrattns second, Alpacca third. Time.
1:1.1 2-5.
NEW YORK, Nov. 12.— Eight out of the
nine horses which started in the Union
handicap, for all ages, at six furlongs, at
Jamaica to-day, passed the judges heads
apart. It was the most sensational finish
seen on a Metropolitan race track in
many days and was a high tribute to the
skill of W. S. Vosburgh. the offlcial han
dlcapper. Incidentally, Sweet Alice, S to
1, which In spite of numerous victories
of late, baa been generally underrated,
won by a head. It was an open betting;
affair, with King Pepper a favorite at 3
to 1. E. E. Smathers' Irene Llr.dsey.
carrying a $3000 commission from her
owner, closed second choice at 9 to 2,
with Gay Boy, top weight, at 5 to 1. and
Elsie L. backed down to 8 to 1. It waa a
terrific drive all the way down the stretch.
8weet> Alice getting the verdict by a head
from Lux Casta. 15 to 1. which rushed
up from, nowhere and would have won in
another jump. Lux Casta was a head be
fore Irene Llndsey.
In the last race Pass Book, owned by
W. C. Fessenden. in a field of thirteen
horses, won at 50 to 1. By placing his
money In small amounts Fessenden was
able to get most of it down at 100 to 1.
after which the price gradually dropped
to 50 to 1. Fessenden. It is said, took
about $30,000 from the bookmakers. Sum
mary:
-Spectal Dispatch to The Call.
Spectators Will Look Down
Upon Players From
High Point.
Sweet Alice Captures the
Union Handicap for All
Ages at Jamaica.
Slopes Fifty Feet High
Will Surround the
OvaL
Owner Peas en don Makes
a Big "Killing" pn
Pass Book.
PLANNING A NEW
FOOTBALL FIELD
TAKES $30,000
FROM THE RING
SPORTS OF THE RACETRACK, THE GRIDIRON AND THE RING
THE SAN 'FBAKOI6CO CALL; FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 33, 1903.
,\; The = aborigines of .Peru can., in the
darkesfnight and tin? thei thickest", woods
distinguish {respectively \ a? white man. 2 a
negro, 1 , and \ one ¦ of-; their ¦ own * race : by the
smell. \ ¦¦ . • ' ' -.'¦¦•¦• ¦ *
Ous Gardner Wins the Decision.
LANSING.-- Mich. 7 . Nov. 12.-^3us Gard
ner won the decision over Doc Fltzpatrick
in the tenth round here to-night Gardner
nearly had his man out in the sixth round,
but could not land a knockout blow.
,. The i Chicago : and , Northwestern Will Im
mediately ¦ retire from ' service all ; freight
cars of; less than 30,000 pounds , capacity,
and .only, a few of that size will be re
served.. .About 400 cars .will, be broken "ud
within: the next ¦ sixty j days /and will be
replaced by new. cars ranging in capacity
from i,40,000 to 100,000 pounds. ' It Is consid
eredlthat i the^small cost more to op
erate Ithan ;they. are^capable~of earning.—
Engineering News.'
Julore Tonnage ; Capacity Wanted.
The wedding cake of Princess Alice of
Battenberg was six feet high. It was one
of the largest cakes ever made for a royal
bride, although that presented to Prin
cess Beatrice by the ladles -of Kent was
about twenty inches taller.' The"" latter
masterpiece In confectionery cost ' 600
guinea*. It is a -tile at* royal weddings
to have four or five cakes, one of which
Is made bj- the bride's own cooks, and
cut up for dispatch to her particular
friends.— New York Commercial-Adver
tiser. EBBBBBBaB&&t
A Boyal Wedding Cake.
Henry/ Labouchere, ; as i a . young diplo-"
mat,', was =. fond .of amusing and bewilder^
Ing his superiors. : For .instance,^ it" is said
that once he was instructed' to come home
to ,.. London '-.'- from "Constantinople. \;"; He
wasn' t : heard ' of ; for \ some": time; - and X was
apparently.' lost ;, in the midst 'of < the ' Black
, Forest^ or -' some of the /other, lands t ha t
intervened I between him ; and ? home.* ;;i He
.was at "last; traced ;;and' then 'calmly, wroto
that >'. he 1 was '¦• obeying f orders ,y and ; r was
making . ; his • wayj homeward ; >, but :• that? as
his ; chief ? had * forgotten^- toisendj him ¦ any
moneys tojpay^ the expense " by^theydrdf nary
methods; of. traveling/; heVwas working i his
slow, passage 'on' foot.'— Argonaut V*v
Labouchere Walked Home.
PLAYERS PROMINENT ON THE COL
LEGE ELEVEN— THE i PHOTO . OF
MINI IS BY BOYE.
STANFORD
STUDENTS
HOPEFUL
"The Team. Deserves
to Win/' Says Dr.
Jordan.
8GENERAL MILES' SUCCESSOR
AXD NEW ASSISTANT SEC
RETARY OF WAR.
BERLIN'.' Nov. ~ 12.— The ' Municipal Impres
sionist School of Painters have decided to fol
low the example of those of Berlin and will
— * — hihu at St. Louia.
There Is a little anticipation in this fes
tivity, for the application for the certifi
cate has yet to be made in regular form,
and It may quite possibly be discovered
that there is some flavin the qualifica
tions of the would-bo Briton. - A - form of
petition, which has to be sent to the
Home Secretary when filled up, is laid be
fore the alien, and upon it he has to give
full details of his claim. As mentioned
already, the applicant must show that he
has lived here five years and is going to
keep on doing so. He must also state the
number and age of his children, if any,
for all under are are naturalized themurb
The whole of the members of such a so
ciety pay their shillings every seven days
and agree to do so till the necessary
amount is paid, but they need not neces
sarily wait until then before they can call
the Union Jack their own. The business
is arranged on the building society prin
ciple, and once a week, or of tener, at a
busy time, there Is a drawing at head
quarters, as the result of which Mosea
Rosenstein, who once lived in Germany,
and who has only paid five shillings of his
naturalization money, is able to take his
friends round" to the "Green Cow" and
celebrate his advent into British nation
ality,, upon the advantages of which he is
expected to make a speech. '. . '
When the trials and troubles which a
foreigner must endure to become a citi
zen of the United States are considered
the rapidity with which an alien can gain
such rights in Great Britain, be he so
minded, seems remarkable. Any man
possessed of a fair amount of shrewdness
may become a naturalized British citizen
for $25. This amount is the fee which the
Government exacts for grainting the nat
uralization certificate, and there is a mat
ter of about twenty shillings to be settled
before the alien can be declared fit and
can receive a certified copy of the certifi
cate. That represents the total outlay in
money. Of course^ there are certain con
ditions laid down in the laws which he
must fulfill, but these are little under
stood, and the would-be Britisher may
slip through without fulfilling all of them,
if he knows how. The laws say that ono
must have enjoyed a five-year residence
in the country or served the Government
for that length of time outside, and that
an applicant must enow that he does not
intend to decamp as soon as the certifi
cate is given him. These rules are en
forced as rigorously as possible, and of
late years the number of aliens who have
slipped through has not approached that
recorded some years ago.
If the alien is poor, and especially if he
lives in the East End of London, where
so large a proportion do. he usually elects
to solve the pecuniary and all other ques
tions connected with the process of turn-
Ing himself into a Briton by subscribing
to a naturalization society, of which in
that part of the metropolis there are sev
eral. In some cases, and particularly in
the Jewish colonies, there are naturaliza
tion societies who arrange the whole busi
ness on the applicant paying a shilling: a
week and making his residential qualifi
cation good.
CITIZENSHIP A LOTTERY.
The pup that yesterday mistook a stick
cf dynamite for a bone did not have to go
under the porch to find that calm and un
disturbed isolation which is often so diffi
cult of attainment in this crowded world.
Philadelphia Ledger.
Alien With Cash Can Now
Become a Brit
isher.
TBAFFIC IN CERTIFICATES.
A poor alien who is legitimately entitled
to naturalization saves up his shillings
till he has the number required, gets his
certificate in the ordinary course, and
then waits for his investment to ripen.
He has only got the certificate to sell
again, and he passes the word along in
the most useful quarters that when one
i3 wanted by a fresh Incomer from abroad
he has one to dispose of at a price.
It does not. matter what name the new
foreigner goes by In this country, and so
It Is a simple thing for him to adopt that
given on the certificate, whilst other de
tails are easily capable ; of arrangement.
The holder demands a price according to
the means and the necessity of the buyer.
On an; average he ; la yielded . a profit , o j
two or three pounds, but sometimes it
may be worth twenty to him.— Baltimore
American. , -.,-; ,¦¦¦ .
Some care has also to be taken to make
sure that the applicant really wants the
naturalization certificate for his own per
sonal gratification or use, for, strange
as it may appear, there Is some traffic
done in these British trademarks, and
there Is no doubt that there are many of
the worst characters I from foreign coun
tries who have been here but five min
utes, so to speak, who are able to flout
the certificate before the eyes of anybody.
The method .of working in this case- is
simple but effective. .
Thus, on one occasion a rough-looking
Pole, who could speak but a dozen words
of English, was the applicant, and even to
the oiflcials of the society, who In such
matters are not at all thin-skinned, it ap
peared eminently undesirable that for the
future this person should be allowed to
class himself as a British subject. Yet he
produced his four references arid it
seemed as if his case would have to go
through, until some one began to conceive
suspicions as to the references. Then,
after the closest Inquiry, It was discov
eerd that each of the four persons re
ferred to had received Inducements to
act in the capacity, and, when challenged,
they declared that they had given "their
names under a misapprehension. ¦ ¦
Moreover, the Pole was found to have
been a resident in this country for but
three months, and to be engaged in an
occupation of the most questionable de
scription. "Better try Russia," was the
brief and sarcastic advice which was
given to the gentleman when-all this was
known, j: .^"v
their father, and he must give the names
and addresses of four householders to
whom reference may be made, three as to
personal character and one as to resi
dence.
Efforts are usually made to see that the
application is made in good faith and that
the facts of the claim are as stated; but
on many occasions it becomes painfully
evident that the alien is seekiug British
rights when he has no moral or any other
claim to them. Under such circumstances
he is plainly told that he had better wait
a little while until his qualifications ma
ture somewhat.
The victim of the robbery informed the
officers that the men watched him in a
restaurant and when he departed they
followed him. He was able to give a good
description of the men and the police hope
to capture them.
F. Danike, who lives on Harrison street
near Fourth, was a victim of a bold rob
bery early yesterday morning. He was
almost strangled by two unknown men
and robbed of $3-60, all the money he had
in his possession. His outcry for help at
tracted the attention of Corporal Green
and other officers in the Southern police
station at Fourth and Clara streets. The
officers rushed to the scene, but too late
to capture the bold robbers, who disap
peared on Shipley street.
Fourth Street Near Clara Yesr
terday Morning-.
F. Danike Assaulted and Robbed on
HELD UP WITHIN VIEW .
OF A POLICE STATION
SHORT METHODS
FOR CITIZENSHIP
As long as the nomination of General
Wood is held up about 100 nominations of
others will remain unacted upon, as their
promotion depends upon that of General
Wood.
Senator Proctor, acting chairman, will
call a second meeting of the Committee
on Military Affairs within a few days. It
is the intention now that the meeting
shall be public and a hearing granted to
all persons opposed to the nomination of
General Wood.
The committee voted to recommend the
confirmation of the appointment of Major
General S. B. M. Young to be^ lieutenant
general, vice General Miles, retired.
The appointment of Brigadier General
Sumner to be major general, made prior
to that of General Wood, was ordered fa
vorably reported.
No action was taken on the nomination
of Brigadier General Leonard Wood to be
major general, In view of the request
made yesterday in executive session by
Senator Teller that he be given an op
portunity to make Inquiries concerning
General Wood's military record.
ordered to be favorably re
ported by the Senate Committee on Mil
itary Affairs to-day.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 12.— Tha
nomination of Robert Shaw
Oliver of New York to be as
sistant Secretary of "War was
Plays the Part of Secretary.
"W. F. Tucker was convicted by Police
Judge Mogan yesterday on a charge of
misdemeanor embezzlement and was or
dered to appear for sentence this morn
ing. The complaining witness waa J. Ar
nett, a barber at 202 Duncan street. Ar
nett went to the office of the secretary
of the Barbers' Union, as he wished to
become a member. Tucker was sitting In
the waiting-room and represented himself
as the secretary of the union. Arnett paid
him the initiation fee and got a receipt.
Arnett returned in a few minutes to ask
some question and saw the real secre
tary, who went with him In search of
Tucker and found him "celebrating."
Accuses Roommate of Theft.
Peter "Walken. 54 Sixth street, swore to
a warrant last night charging Frank
"Wallace, a former roommate, with hav
ing stolen a purse containing $33. The al
leged theft occurred on Sunday night and
the following day Wallace disappeared.
It was learned that he went to Portland
with a companion, so Detective Thomas
Ryan was sent to the latter city last
night in search of Wallace. The Chief of
Police of Portland has been wired to look
out for "Wallace.
wrecked. "He had been demented for quite
a while." his family calmly stated to the,
press; "affairs on the board have gona
against him. For some Jlme he has been
on the verge of ruJn and his fortune haa
disappeared."
The extraordinary episode of Joseph
Leiter's corner, during 1S38. is recent his
tory. Epitomized, the story fs that ha
started buying wheat at 73ti cents per
bushel; bought as low as 63; kept on buy
ing and selling for a year; put up tha
price to $1 83 on May 10. 1538; actually
controlled 35.000.000 bushels and sold or ex
ported on the advance 25.000,000; was be
lieved to have secured a paper profit of
at least $5,000,000; then, all at once, con
fessed insolvency, leaving a member of
hi9 family to raise at least the sum named
above to pay his debts.
This memorable case contained such of
the moral as there is in this corner epi
sode. It has been fleurfed out that be
tween May 10 and June 13 the paper valuq
of Leiter's holdings shrunk $3,5O-').000. This
Is the inevitable peril of a corner. Actual
control of the market enables any specu
lator to name the price, t>ut he cannot
force the real consumer to buy. This ex
perience called forth the well-known re
mark of the late P. D. Armour, himself a
dabbler in venture* of this sort: "You
can make your corner; you will kill your
market: what will you do •with tho
corpse?"— New York Evening Post.
A>, hurry-up telephone mesage was re
ceived at the Park police station last
night from Mrs. Thomas Mitchell, Nine
teenth avenue and M street. The woman
In frenzied tones told the officer that an
swered the phone that her husband was
trying to kill her. Patrolman Clener was
at once dispatched to the place and found
the husband lying on the floor in the
kitchen, drunk, his right hand tightly
clutching a 38 caliber revolver, all five
chambers of which were empty.
The woman was standing outside the
house, fearful lest her husband might
awaken from his drunken slumber and
again attack her. In hysterical tones the
woman told the officer the story of how
her husband, frenzied from drink, had
chased her around the house, firing at her
as she fled for her life.
"My husband came home shortly before
midnight," said Mrs. Mitchell, "and when
I saw that he was under the influence of
liquor I began to remonstrate with him.
Suddenly he pulled a revolver out of his
pocket and fired a shot at me.
"He was so drunk that his aim was bad
and I started to run. He followed me up,
firing two more shots as he ran. I finally
managed to escape from the house and
took refuge with a neighbor. As soon as
I made my escape he must have fallen
asleep, for I watched the house closely,
but could see no more of him."" : V. •
Mrs. Mitchell is at a loss to explain
when* Mitchell discharged the twq^ re
maining chambers of the pistol. She says
that he fired but three shots at her and
thinks he must have fired the remaining
two after she fled from the house.
were no other eye witnesses to the
shooting and none of the neighbors seem
to know anything about it. Mitchell was
taken to the Park police station and
locked up on a charge of assault with in
tent to kill. He was too drunk to make a
statement.
consumption at a maximum. The early
*SO*s reversed both elements in the situa
tion. Prosperity caused increased con
sumption, and in 18S7 the harvest failed.
A successful corner was manipulated In
that year, wheat at Chicago going from
96 cents early in 1SS1 to $1 43 in October,
and the corner was really continued into
the spring months of the ensuing year.
It was in 1SS7 that the famous "Cincin
nati deal" occurred. Involving misuse of
the funds of a powerful bank and the for
tunes of a dozen firms. The market was
thought to be really cornered, yet the
price was only raised from &)*» cents to
94*4 cents per bushel, and that moderate
rise was enough to turn the wheat from
seaboard storehouses back Into Cincinnati
and Chicago and break the corner abso
lutely. The corner manipulators went
down In a general collapse of insolvency;
wheat fell at once to 6S cents per bushel.
By way of contrast 1RS8 supplied, per
haps, the most successful wheat corner
In our history. B. P. Hutchinson, purely
by getting his "bear" antagonists to sell
him vastly more contracts for delivery*
than the somewhat deficient crop would
warrant, started with the price around 83
cents in the later summer and at the
very clcse of September drew the lines.
He announced on September 28 that 12
per bushel was his price for settlement
with the "shorts," and on the last day
of the month they had to pay It.
"On the Board of Trade," one newspa
per report narrated, "a crowd followed
him all over the floor, cheering lustily
whenever his head could be seen." Like
all successful adventurers, he was the
hero of the. hour.
Yet Hutchinson himself very soon gave
impressive Illustration of one moral o*
the "corner." Convinced to the point of
mad infatuation of his ability to handla
such operations, he started to corner the
Chicago corn market In March, 1S91.
He had the "statistical position" on his
side, the previous season's crop having
run 623,000,000 bushels short of 1SS3, and
Europe's crops promising failure. The
corn crop was, in fact, smaller than the
recent yield of 1901. From 65 cents in
March, he put the price to 82 on April IS.
Then the price wavered. On April 29. ISM.
"Old Hutch." as the Board of Trade al
ways called him, simply disappeared. He
was physically, mentally and financially
The peculiarity of the wheat corners of
1S71 and 1872 was that they -were made on
reasonably abundant crops, but with home
There was an exactly similar corner in
August, 1S72, in which, however, the cor
ner manipulators did not "come out
whole." Spring wheat for August deliv
ery was thought to be absolutely cor
nered: it was advanced above even the
New York price and touched $1 61. The
corner was brought to a head too early
in the month. In the third -week of Au
gust a mass of new supplies suddenly
came upon the market and within twenty
four hours the price collapsed from $1 €1
to U 19 per bushel. It went to Jl 01 a few
weeks later.
The certainty that the American cotton
corner of 1903 will go down in commercial
history as one of the most remarkable of
such episodes on record calls "attention
again to the noteworthy points of contrast
or resemblance between this corner and
those of other years. As to cotton corners
in recent times, the market's story was
told on this page March 7. The notable
episodes there noticed, the Labouisse cor
ner at New Orleans in 1895 and the Steen
strand corner at Liverpool in 1S99, broke
down through failure of the corner ma
nipulators to secure sufficient bank funds
to take the cotton forced on them at toy
-prices. • ,.
On the other hand, the extraordinary
cotton corner of 1864, when the maximum
prices in the trade's history were touched,
turned out satisfactory to the manipula
tors. From 76 cents a pound In April of
that year— a price due, of course, to the
Southern blockade — cotton advanced to
$1 54 in July and to $1 90 shortly afterward.
As late as January, 1S65, the price held at
$1 20. In that extraordinary year our ex
port of cotton was 2G.765 bales and our
import of the same raw material 76.0S5.
By the time of Lee's surrender cotton
was down again to 40 cents a pound.
It is in the grain market rather than in
the market for cotton that the spectacu
lar corners of this country have been run.
The Chicago corner in wheat during 1S71
was one of the most striking 6f these. The
crop of the previous season had been
somewhat reduced from the year before,
but was w;e}l f vp to.rthe average. The
Franco-Prussian 'war, 'with Its partial
suspension of wheat production in the
two belligerent states, came to an end in
March and the price of wheat declined.
The speculative sellers went too far and
were confronted with a i sudden foreign
demand, as a result of which, in the
words of a contemporary grain review,
"almost the whole of our new crop of
winter wheat has been going forward to
the continent." Spring wheat, which a
"bear raid" drove down to 96 cents at
Chicago for August delivery, was put up
to $1 30 before the month was over. This
was a successful corner; it ended, after
two "bear failures," in a highly profitable
settlement.
I was called to attend Mrs. t*r»on last night
about l«:30. I found her pulse and tempera
ture rorrr.aJ. She was suffering from Ep»lLs cf
hallucination, which I escribed to h^r ail
rr.er.t. Th*r» was n?t the slightest eij^i of
morphine poi*L*ilr»ir when I saw her. but abso
lutely contrary pyraptoms. The eyes were
<Jila.i--d and not contracted.
I prescrifrod certain rera<><lips which did not
contain any morphine. Th« tablets I pre
#crib*d were to be «riven every two hours. I
wae surprised to find a loaded re\-olver in the
room* of L'p*in lyi^K en a table and I warned
Upson act to leave the weapon around, con*id
*rlnr the stete of mind his wife wae in. I
¦num wry murh purprls*-! when I heard that
DR. REYNOLDS EXPLAINS.
Dr. Harry B. Reynolds was seen last
evening and he made the following state
in er.t:
that I'rson had secured Feme morphine rMs
there ar.d had called lE5t Funday to get some
ixore. but Lhat h« was refuwd.
The clerk then told m* that l.*r«on had gtrae
opt aad later came back with a box cf mor
phine : "*¦ and bad ¦'.:«: 'a; • ¦¦¦*. the same, say
ln«, "You eee. 1 eot these at Bayley's' &rug
etc re."
I was cot called ia acain to **e Mrs. Up
*cn until early thi* Thurriay tncrninr. I
found her with all the *ymptcm» of morphine
I-c:»oT^T.g and ehe died th-rtly afterward. .Her
husband «u t:-.-iT.!y aflected and he said to
me, "My God. why did I give her bo many of
the doctor's pili*?"
I toclt the rill box containing the remedies
rr«»cribe'l ty Dr. Reynolds, whom I learned
had beta called in the previous night, and
turned the bnx ever to the Coroner. In addi
tion to th* rills rrescribed by Dr. Reynolds
there v.'*re two morj>hine tablets In the box.
Dr. Preston, who was called to attend
Mrs. Upson last Sunday and also previous
to her death, made the following state
ment, last evening:
The woman's husbar.d called ca me last Sun
day racrri^rjr and asked me to call upon his
wife. He shewed me a box of morphine pills
snd toli me that he had some to his
wife to allay her pair.. 1 warned him not to
pive her any racrph'.ne. as it was very dan
gerous. I called r:n his wife and diagnosed
the ease a« MMrltis ar.d Trfscribed the usual
reme<Sl*«. I did net prescribe any morphine.
I learned at O!«utb'« drug utore at Mason and
O^ary ptr^ts that they had sent L'pfcn to my
office. The ek>rk in the <2ru* Ftoi-e told me
DOCTORS TELL OF CASE.
Dr. Lowry was seen last evening and he
denied ever prescribing any medicines for
ilrs. Uj>5on and declared that he did not
know the woman. Dr. L>>wry has been
in i>^or health for some months and he
stated that he had not made ar.y calls on
patient* and had not attended any one In
his office named Upson.
ere thought to t>e morphine, was turned
over to Coroner Leland. This box was
pasted with a label of Bayleys drug
tiore, 251 Grant avenue, and bore the name
of Dr. Robert Lowry Jr. as the prescrib
ing phy5ic:an. The various medicines and
the box cf pill?, together with the stom
ach from Mrs. l'p«on's body, were turned
over by the Coroner to the City Chemist
for analysis.
r.ot contain any morphine. Six hours
later Dr. Preston was agalan called to at
tend Mrs. Uppon and he found her suffer
ing from morphine poisoning and, despite
his etloriF. she died.
A box containing pills, some of w-hich
Last Wednesday r.lght about 9:S3 o'clock
t>r. Harry B. Reynolds of 751 Sutler street
¦was called to attend Mrs. Upson and, be
ing Informed that no other physician was
In attendance, prescribed remedies. The
mediefnes prescribed by Dr. Reynolds did
Mrs. Irene Upson, SI years of age. wife
of Joseph F. Upson, died early yesterday
zncrr.lr.g from morphine poisoning under
mysterious circumstances and Coroner
Inland when notified at once decided to
bold a thorough investigation.
Mrs. Upson was taken ill about on©
week ago and was attended last Sunday
by Dr. Walter Preston of £36 Geary street.
The remedies prescribed by h!m were for
gastritis and did not contain any mor
phine.
I>r. Walter Preston. Makes Important
Statement Which Is Flatly Con
tradicted by Druggist
Olson.
Attending Physician Did Not
Prescribe Any Deadly
Drug.
Totals 82 5 9 27 13! Totals 32 0 8 24 7
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Los Anyelea 10 0 0 3 0 10 x— 5
Base hits 1 0 0 0 4 1 1 2 X— 9
Portland 0 0 0 O 0 0 0 0 0 — 0
Base hits 1 1 2 0 0 1 0 1 0 — 8
SniMART.
Stolen basest — Wheeler. Smith. Ross. Spies.
Errors — Anderson, Blake. Fr»nd«. Clark.
First base on balls — Oft Newton 2. off Shialda
2. Left on bases — Portland 4. Los AngeUs 7.
Sacrifice hits — Hoy. Ross. Pa*?e.l ball — Clark.
Time of jame — 1:25. Umpire — McDonald.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 12.— Doc Newton
had perfect backing to-day and scored
another shutout. Six hits were all Port
land could secure off his delivery and
these were widely scattered. Portland's
Infield did some bad throwing, which was
responsible for several of the runs scored
against them. Rosa and Nadeau aroused
enthusiasm by pulling down Iocs files.
Score:
Los Anreles — . » Portland —
AB. R. H. P. A.| AB. R. H. P. A.
Koy.cf... 3 0 10 l|VBum,cf 4 0 2 2 0
Wbelr.2b 3 10 5 2And»n.2b 3 0 0 0 4
Smith.3b 3 0 11 2 Nadeu.lf 4 0 2 10
Dlllon.lb 4 O 0 10 l'Fremn.lb 4 0 1 11 O
Cravth.rr 4 0 12 0 B!ake.3t> 4 0 12 1
Ross.lf.. 3 12 4 0. FrncU.s 4 0 0 0 1
Raymd.s 4 0 0 1 «;Thlmn.rf 4 0 0 4 0
Sples.c. 4 12 4 2iClarlt.c.. 3 0 0 3 1
Newtn,p 4 2 2 0 lShlelds.p 2 0 0 10
W. U Pcti Vf. I*. Pet.
Los Ang..l23 73 .628 San Fran. 101 103 .4'JO
Seattle ... 05 B3 .SOS Portland . S3 98 .478
Sacto ... 97 10O .432lOakland . S3 121 .413
STANDIXQ OF THB CLCBS.
The landlady of the house where Upson
and his wife roomed stated last night
that the man was very devoted to the
woman and always treated her kindly.
She stated that she did not know Upson's
business or where he spent his time.
Captain of Detectives Martin stated last
night that no report of the case had been
made to him by Coroner Leland and that
no detectives had been put to work to ln
lnvestigate the circumstances surrounding
Mrs. Upson's death.
At Bayjey's drug store at 251 Grant ave
nue it was denied that Upson had secured
eny medicines on a prescription of Dr. R.
Lowry Jr.
Upson was not questioned by the Coro
ner's deputies yesterday and he could not
be found last night at his lodgings. Ac
cording to statements made by Upson to
Dr. Preston, the man is addicted to
gambling. A search was made for him
last night in the tenderloin, but he could
not be found.
At Olson's drug store at Mason and
Geary streets the proprietor denied that
Upson had been sold any morphine or
that the man had called and exhibited a
box of the deadly pellets, flatly contra
dicting the statement made by Dr. Pres
ton.
DRUGGIST OLSON'S DENIAL.
Mrs. Upson was dead, presumably from mc»
phlne poisoning.
I declared positively that nothing would be
considered by me unless we began with a
dt-flnite agreement that any negotiations for or
dismissal of this appeal by the city should
alfo carry with it an absolute agreement by
the Contra Costa "Water Company that* the
Hart judgment and valuation would never be
ykaded by the company against the city In
any future Htipation. That would leave the
litigation In the condition that the Hart
valuation could not be urired or pleaded against
the city, while a compiMJon of thi» appeaJ.
if It wont against the city, would bo binding.
That was as far as the proposition got. I
declared that nothing would be considered un
less we began with this agreement and noth
ing more has been said. The dismissal of
thi« appeal is In the hands of the Council and
not the Mayor and It is In such a shape that
I da not think that I shall even submit It to
the Council.
The discussion that took plac* was a pirely
private, informal and accidental cne. It oc
curred st a luncheon table in San Francisco,
and it is very remarkable that it should find 1U
way to the world when it had no official c!g
n::icar.oe. The matter Tra» talked over from a
Jcital point ot view. It vu urged that the
completion of the appeal would ailect only the
ratcu of the year for which the *uit was
brought and that the rates for that year bad
already h&ea raid and the consumers would
hardly make any fight over them. The fact
that tbe valuation ct the Contra Costa Water
Cr>mrany was changing every year and that
the Hart valuation could not be made to hold
from year to year was also submitted. The
c.'st cf the appeal was discussed. Printing
and attorneys' f»vs will be considerable, and
at th« conclusion it was claimed that only the
matter cf the v.ater rates for the one year in
question would be settled.
Mayer Olney to-night explained how the
meeting came about, and announced that
it was without his province to take any
action in the matter, that such action
was in the hands of the City Council, and
he did not think that he would submit the
matter to that body. He said:
The story of an Informal discussion of
the Etatus of the water rate case that
look place at a luncheon table in San
Francisco leaked out in Oakland to-day.
The case is now In process of appeal from
the decision of Judge Hart, and the attor
neys for the city and the attorneys for
the water company are at work settling
the bill of exceptions upon which the case
will be taken to the Supreme Court
Not long since Mayor Olney and some
of the attorneys for the Contra Costa
Water Company met during the noon
hour and fell to discussing the case th*t
has been so long drawn out. "The discus
sion was informal and turned \ipon the
case in which each was interested. No
agreement was reached and neither side
offered any, though possibilities were dis
cussed.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway, Nov. 12.
CORNERS IN GRAIN
AND IN COTTON
The trains. met on a reveres curve at
the top of an embankment thirty feet
high. The three engines were demolished
and nearly every car on both trains land
ed at the foot of the embankment.
The Injured: S. E. Hum?, head brake
man, will probably die; A. B. Winkel.
head brafceman.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., Nov. 12.— Two heavy
freight trains, one of them* a double
header, collided In a dense fog near New
Hope. Kj\. on the 'Knoxvillc division of
thft lx»ulsvllle and Nashville to-Oay, kill
ing six trainmen and injuring two, one
probably fatally. The dead: 1 .
MARTIN GRAVES, engineer.
MARTIN CONNOR, engine^'
EDWARD STURGES. englnWr. .
JOHN REYNOLDS, fireman..''
WILLIAM LETDEN, fireman. J ,
H. H. LEAS, fireman.
City's Executive Says Dismis
sal of Appeal Lies With
Council.
Locomotives Are Demolished
and Cars Hurled Down
Embankment.
Ross and Nadeau Pull Down
Some Long Flies Very
Cleverly.
Mrs. Irene Upson Ex
pires Under Myste
rious Conditions.
Patrolman Finds Him Lying
on the Floor Clutching
an Empty Pistol.
Mayor Olney and Attor
neys Have Informal
Talk. ;
Thomas Mitchell Makes
Target of Spouse
While Drunk.
Portland Players Are
Unable to Locate
His Curves.
Freight Trains Collide
\ in Fog on Kentucky
Railroad.
WOMAN DIES
OF MORPHINE
POISONING
NEWTON SCORES
ANOTHER SHUTOUT
ENGINE CREWS
DIE IN WRECK
SHOOTS THREE
TIMES AT WIFE
HOLD DISCUSSION
ON WATER CASE
THE SAN FRAISCISCO CALL. FRIDAY* NOVEMBER 13, 1903.
Selections of Robert Shaw Oliver to Be Assistant Secretary
of War, S. B. M. Young to Be Lieutenant General to Suc
ceed Miles and Sumner to Be Major General Are Approved
SENATE COMMITTEE ACTS
UPON ARMY NOMINATIONS
9
THE MASTER OF APPLEBY
( £ *7\ T this sharp crisis when a look or a word would cost me more
f j than death and mv dear lady her honor, it was the colonel
\» j who. all unwittingly, stood my friend. A breath of doubt
•*¦ upon my lie and we were lost, and once I thoueht he would
have breathed it. But he did not. Instead he broke out in a laugh,
with a gibe flunz first at Gilbert Stair and then at Falconnet.
" 'God save us. I jrive you ioy, Mr. Stair, and you. Sir Francis.
These two have duped vou bravely. By heavens, Sir Frank, 'twas you
who should have had the sword thrust in the duel. In that event vou
might have stood in Captain Ireton's shoes, and so had the priest
fetched for your benefit.' Then he turned to Margery with a bow that
had a touch of mockerv in it. "I crave your pardon, madam; I knew not
•j'ou were pleadinc for vour husband's life an hour ago. It grieves me
that I may not spare him longer to you than the night, but war is cruel
at the best.'
"She stood like anv statue done in cold Carrara while he spoke; and
when she made no sieh he arave the word to recommit me."
If you were writinc a novel do you think you could crowd more of
the anguish, the doubts and fears, the cruelty of war, the hope and cross
purpose of a misplaced love into two hundred words than are woven into
those three paragraphs? They are the very essence of the art of writing.
It matters not what went before. It matters much what comes after.
In that brief outline vou eet one of the most thrillinc: situations iii
Francis Lynne's "Master of Appleby." and in those few words vou are
given a wonderful insight in all that has gone before; but better than all
else there is such a promise of exciting things to come that, clever as
jron may be at weaving a solution for yourself, your curiosity is piqued.
and. true to the ruling passion in human nature. j*ou simply must know
how some one else could untangle such a strange love affair.
That is the reason that the first installment of the "Master of Ap-
pleby" will have such a big sale when published in the next Sunday Call.
And perhaps another equally eood reason may be found in the fact that
you cannot buy this masterpiece of American fiction anywhere else in
"any form for less than $i 50. That is one of the big advantages of the
Sunday Call's literary policy; you not only get the best books of the
hour, but you get them for one-tenth of what they would cost vou else-
where. That is one of the truisms that has made the Sunday Call so
immensely popular. There are no interminable "Continued in Our
Next"' series, no lone waits between installments. You not onlv eet
the whole novel complete, but you get it quick. And best of all 'The
Master of Appleby" is worth having in any shape.
But. however, that isn't all that there is to the next Sunday Call.
Oh. dear. no. There is much more besides of the best literature ever
written. For instance, there is "The Roadmaster's Story," the last and
the best of Frank H. Spearman's thrilling railroad stories: "On Sentence
Day." by Josian Flynt: "Private Hogan, Coward," and a whole page of
"Half-hour Storiettes" of the sort you want to stay awake at night to
read; "The Man Who Ended the Land Wars in Ireland" and some-
thing amazingly new about "Crime and Criminals" in the West": "The
Smiling Girl," which is a full-page picture that you siraplr can't miss;
"New Boots for the Athletic Woman," which is another page of pictures
that will keep you on the aui vive: "The Girl Who Served Time." bv
BilJy Burgundy: "Me-ows of a Kitty" (you'll. laugh at those cats), and
ever so many more thines besides. Indeed, the next Sunday Call will
show you how new the Sunday Call always is.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
~|[ are volunteers — »
«P Hence the vast army who 1
J«||| Enlist Now— and A
W V SA VE THE BANDS g
Wk Y«t TW ° BandS ffOm RECRUIT CIGARS are equal Mil
fljljl^ • to ons **i fr om STAR Tobacco j8/m
WffifWk in securin^ Presents. mlNEW YORK, Nov. 11.— Frederick J.
Haas, who has claimed to be the first
brewer of lager beer in America, is dead
at his homo in Trenton, N. J. He came
from Germany " In 1848 in company with
the late General Franz SlegeL
Death Claims a Well-Known Brewer.
Time Ball.
Branch . HydroRraphic . Office, - U. 8. N., Mer
. chants' Exchange, --• San . Francisco, Cal.,
November 12, 1003. ' * :'¦"
The ' Time - Ball on • the ' tower ' of the Ferry
building. was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
i..e.. at noon- of, the 120th meridian,, or at 8
p. m., Greenwich time. J. • C. BURNETT. •
Lieutenant U. 8. N., In charge.
i Sun, ' Moon and Tide.
United ' States Coast -andi Geodetic 1 Survey—
.Time and Heights of High and Low Waters
The schooner Halcyon was cleared on
Wednesday for La Pax and Altata with 75.
4G5 ft lumber. 3478 bdls snooks, 40 bdls shin
gles, 200 cs blasting powder, . 2 ' ca blasting
caps, 1302 I'lkiis 430. bdls sewer pipe and 1257
cs bottles, valued at $14,062.
A Cargo ; for Mexico.
NEW YORK, Nov. 12.-Mrs. Mary
Workhelser of Brooklyn sacrificed her
own life saving her three young daugh
ters from burning to death. An explod
ing can of naphtha set fire to the cloth
ing cf Mrs. Workheiser and her six-year
old child. The mother, regardless of the
rain she . was EUfferinc, beat out the
flames on the child's clothing and drove
all three of the girls into the street-
Then she followed with her clothing blaz
ing from her head to her feet, Neigh
bois ran to her assistance and wrapped
quilts about her. but ehe died a few hours
Ut«r.
Receives Fatal Burns While Getting
Them Into Street When Her
Clothing Takes Fire.
MOTHER SAVES CHILDREN
AT COST OF HER OWN LIFE
WASHINGTON. Nov. 12.-I n his an
nual reoort oa the condition ¦ of affairs
In the Island of Porto Rico, made public
to-day. Governor Hunt says that the sit
uation is one of hope and that there is
improvement, with a strong current In
favor of Americanism. Many people, he
says, believe that the present form' of
government can be preserved • for some
time, the natives feeling that It Is liberal
In Its extension of political autonomy and
general in Its financial benefits.
Reports on Affairs in Porto Rico.
Fourth class postmasters appointed:
Calif ornla— John , F. Gains, Cholame, San
Luis Obispo County, vice James C. Trues
dale, resigned; Earl A. Chaffee, Claus,
Stanislaus County, vice Samuel C. Len
hart, resigned; John W. Newby, Moor
park. Ventura County, vice William T.
Richardson, resigned.
Postmaster* commissioned: California-
Frank P. Druner, Hedges. San Diego
County; Petrineo Brake, Wash, Plumas
County.
Oregon— Charles R. Potts, Nugget,
Douglas County.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 12.— Postofflce
discontinued: California— Rich Gulch,
Calaiveras County, to take effect Novem
ber 30, instead of November 14, as hereto
fore announced.
Changes in the Postal Service.
NEWS OP THE OCEAN.
The British ship Clan Graham is chartered
for lumber • from Puget 8ound to Sydney or
Port Flrie.at 27s 6d.,
No word was received yesterday of the collier
Kdlth or of tho derelict Charles Nelson, which
the coal ship Is supposed to have In tow. If
Captain Hall succeeds In bringing- the water
legged • lumber vessel to port,' and. those that
know him think h« will manage it, the cap
tain's share of the salvage will be something
substantial enouRh to repay him for all the
hardships of his Ions; tow.-
The steamship Mlnnnetonka. left Coronel yes
terday for New York.
The Pacific Mail Company's steamship Korea
will dock this morning at Hunters Point.
? : — .
Water Front Notes.
Schooner for This Coast.
The four masted schooner Hattle F. Simpson,
recently launched in the East, sailed yesterday
from Norfolk, Va., for this port.
PHILADELPHIA, Xov. 12.-An explo
sion of dynamite late last night wrecked
the house at T35 Wood street and serious
ly Injured James Patton, aged 31 years
cf St. Mary's, Pa. The police believe the
house was the headquarters of a gane of
eafecrackers and arrested six persons
who were in the room in which the ex
plosion occurred. Among those arrested
was John Moore, aged 25. of St. Louis
«f T^. P - !l 5 e 5" Und ! " coat maps
of this and adjacent States, together with
a list of postofflces in this vicinity, some
cf which have recently been robbed The
postofflces at Spring City and Port Ken
nedy. Pa., which were visited by burglars
last Saturday night, were marked
Police Believe the House Waa the
Headquarters of a Gang of
Eafecrackers,
DYNAluTTE EXPLOSION
WRECKS A DWELLING
EUGENE. Or., Nov. 12. — •William
Schmitt, the 14-year-old son of John
Schmitt, came near being scalded to death
this afternoon. He had been ill and was
standing by the kitchen stove when he
fainted. As he fell he turned over a tea
kettle of boiling water, the water pouring
all over his body. The boy's clothing was
removed and the skin in many places
came off with the clothes. A physician
was sent for, but in his agony the boy
begged his frantic father to shoot him to
put an end to the pain. The boy's life
will be saved if no complications set in.
Young Oregonian Knocks Over Ket
tle of Boiling Water and Is
Badly Injured.
BOY SUFFERS AGONY
AND ASKS TO BE SHOT
There wes no change made yesterday In the
rates for reinsurance on the four -vessels at
present on the overdue list, which is as fol
lows :
Charlonus, Iiiinbury to Unltea Kingdom, out
130 clays, 10 per cent.
Daisy, Itallze to United ¦ Kingdom, out 07
days, KS p^r cent.
Fifeshire, Manila to New Caledonia, out 07
days, 25 pt oent.
Paris, Hnmburg for Honolulu, out 1S7 days,
20 per cent.
The steamer Kuth. which went ashore op
Wednesday at Fisherman's nay, as told in yes
terday's Call, has born abandoned as a total
loss. A!l hand* reached shore In safety. The
Ruth was loading railroad ties.- | She was
moored off-shore by two 8-Inch hawsers, both of
which suddenly broke. Thp vessel was carried
on the rocks ond nil tlio efforts of Captain Reed
and his crew to «ave her proved unavailing.
The Ruth was owno.l by Oporce D. Gray & Co.
of this city. She wns a vessel of 377 tons and
was built here in 1S0.H. , .
?
The Overdue List.
Ruth a Total Loss.
CHEYENNE, \Vyo.. Nov. 12.-The pre
liminary hearing of He Crow, the Sioux
chief, and Iron Shield. Red Pin, H!gh
Bull, Broken Nose, High Dog, James
"White Elk. Charge Wolf and Jessie Little
War Bonnet, the Sioux Indians now held
In the County Jail of Converse County at
Douglass, will be held on Saturday at
Douglass. United States Attorney T. F.
Burke leaves to-morrow morning for' the
scene of the hearing and will appear for
the Indians. The citizens of Converse
County have become alarmed over the
probable exj.ense of the trial and as it Is
assrrtcd that the actual murderers of
Sheriff Miller and Deputy Falkenburg
were killed In the fight many cf the most
prominent men cf the county favor sur
rendering the Indians to the United
States Government and thus avoiding a
trial which will probably bankrupt the
county.
WYOMING OFFICIALS
HAY SURRENDER INDIANS
Fear That Expense of Trying Them
for Murder May Bankrupt Con
verse County.
So holds Judge Sanborn in the United
States court in the case of Thomas H.
Phillips against the Iola Portland Cement
Company.
The cement company contracted with
William Parr & Co., of which firm Phil
lips was a member, to sell cement, and
In the contract was an agreement on the
part of Parr & Co. not to sell any of the
cement outside of the State of Texas.
Parr & Co. accepted and paid for 24,580
barrels and refused to accept 25,420 bar
rels. The cement company sued. The de
fense answered that the contract not to
sell outside the State of Texas constituted
a contract in restraint of trade among the
States. The court holds that such restric
tion did not affect interstate commerce.
ST. PAUL, Nov. 12.— Districts In which
merchandise can be sold may be stipu
lated by sellers of wares without a viola
tion of the Sherman anti-trust law.
Federal Judge Holds That Merchants
Who Do So Do Not Violate the
Anti-Trust Law.
MAY RESTRICT SALE
OF GOODS TO DISTRICTS
Movements of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE.
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of
the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at the
city front (Mleslon-street wharf) about 25 min
utes later than at Fort Point; the height of tide
Is the dame at both places.
FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 13.
Sun rises 6:49
Sun sets 5:00
Moon rises 0:41 a. m.
P Time Timel Time Time
£ Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
? n w l w h w l w
13 0:501 6.41 1:00 2.0 7:00 4.6
L W| |H W L XV H XV
14 0:571 1.1 7:39 6.5 1:58 1.4 8:12 4.0
15 l:50| 1.3 8:21 5.7 2:43 0.8 9:20 4.7
10 | 2:37| 1.7[.9:06 5.0 3:31 0.3 10:21 4.8
17 | 3:211 2.01 0:4tl O.Oi 4:18 — 0.2111:14 4.9
IS | 4:O4| 2.3|10:2C 6.0| 5:02 — 0.3|
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of tha
day. except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coaet Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedt-s the height, and then tha number
given Is subtracted irom the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.
Nelson Case Submitted.
Second Engineer Muller of the steamer
Charles Nelson and several deck hands
testified yesterday before Captains Boiles
and Bulger, United States local Inspectors
of steam vessels, concerning the aban
donment of that vessel off the coast near
Umpqua. Nothing new or material waa
elicited and the case was taken under
advisement.
Libel for Damages.
Knud Nelson and John Nelson filed a
libel in the United States District Court
yesterday against the steamer St. Helena
to recover $1000 alleged damages sustained
i by their steam schooner, J. J. Stofer, in
a collision last May.
Steamer. From I Due.
Edith Tacoma ...Nov. 13
Arctic Humboldt Nov. 13
Ban Mateo. . . Tacoma Nov. 13
Colon New York via Panama Nov. 13
Montara Seattle | Nov. 13
Arcata Coos Bay &: Port OrfordiNov. 13
Czarlra Coos Bay |Xov. 13
Kureka Humboldt |Nov. i:>
Corona Humboldt | Nov. 13
City Puebla.. Puget Sound Ports |Nov. la
Chlco Coqullle River ..|Nov. 14
S.Barbara... San Pedro |Nov. 14
G. Llndauer.. Portland' I Nov. 14
Redondo Kumboldt | Nov. 14
Chehalis Grays Harbor V.I Nov. 14
Coos Bay s a n Pedro & Way Ports I Nov. 14
Wyefield Nanalmo |Nov. 15
Pomona Humboldt |Nov. 16
Columbia Portland & Astoria. .. .INov. 16
State of Cal. . s sn Diegro & Way PortslNov. 1«
North Fork . . . Humboldr Nov. 17
S. Monica San Pedro Nov. 17
Del Norte...'. Crescent City Xov. 17
Nevadan Honolulu |Nov. 17
Gaelic China & Japan |Nov. 17
Bonlta Newport & Way Ports. |Nov. 18
Rainier Seattle & Whatcom [Nov. IS
Umatllla Pueet Sound Ports INov. 18
City Sydney.. New York via Panama.|Xcv. Is
Abjdcs ... Hamburg & Way Porta.tXov. IS
Point Arena.. Mendoc'no & Pt. Arena|Nov. 19
Rival Wlllapa Harbor |Nov. 19
Santn Roifa... San Diego & Way Ports|Nov. 19
Nlcarla Seattle INov. % M
G. W. Klder.. Portland & Astoria. .. .[Nov. 21
Alliance Portland & Wny Ports. INov. 22
Mariposa Tahiti Nov. 23
Queen iPuget Sound Ports Nov. 23
Steamer. Destination. I Sails. Pier.
November 13. |
Newburer... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
San Pedro.. Humboldt | 4 pm|Pier 2
Bonlta. Newport & Way... JO am Pier 11
November 14. (
Arctic Humboldt )12 m Pier 10
Redondo.. . . Los Angeles Ports. I 4 pm Pier 2
Ft. Arena.. Point Arena | 4 pm Pier 2
San Juan... N. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
G.W. Elder.. Astoria & Portlandlll am Pier 24
Empire. Coos Bay direct. .| 4 pm|Pler 13
' November 15. I i
Eureka Humboldt I 9 am P>r 13
S. Rosa.... San Diego & Way:| 9 amJPler 11 '
Coronado... I-oh Angeles Ports. 1 10 am[Pl?r 10
Corona Humbcldt |1 :3o p Pier u
November 10. |
Arcata Coos B.& Pt.Orford|10 am Pier 13
S. Barbara. Seattle & Olympla. 4 pm Pier 2
November. 17.
Coos Bay.. San Pedro & Way 9 am Pier 11
City Puebla. Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
8. "Monica.. Grays Harbor ..:. 4 pm Pier 2
November 18.
Korea China & Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
Chico Coqullle River ....] 6 pm Pier a
Pomona .... Humboldt 1 :30 p Pier o
November 1O. |-
G Llndauer Astoria & Portland | ; . .
Sonoma Sydney & Way Pts. 2 pm|Pler 7
Columbia... Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
SUteof Cal. San Diego A Way. 9 amlPler 11
November 2O. • . |
N Fork.... Humboldt 5 pm Pier 2
November 21. . |
Colon N. Y. via Panama. 12 'm Pier 40
Nevadan. . . Honolulu • . . . .... . : - 3 pm Pier 20
Rival. ...... Wlllapa Harbor '..'. ,4 pm Pier 2
. Kovember 22. < -
Umatllla. . . Puget Bound Ports. 11 am Pier 0
Rainier..... Seattle & Whatcom 4 pm Pier 10
November 24. ¦ •
Alliance. . . . Eureka & Coos Bay 2 pm Pier 16
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Thursday, November 12.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, 42 hours from
San Diego, etc.
Stmr GIi)sy, Leland. 28 hours from Monte
rey and way ports.
Schr Vega. Erratt, 11 days from Grays Har
bor.
Schr Maweema, Smith, 10 days from What
com.
Schr Advent, Olsen. 12 days from Anacortes.
CLEARED.
Thursday, November 12.
Stmr Queen, Cousins. Victoria and Puget
Sound; Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Stmr Pomona. Swanaen, Eureka; Pacific
Cosst Steamship Co.
Stmr Bonlta. Alberta, San Pedro; Pacific
Coast Steamship Co.
Stmr Centennial. Gllleaple, Seattle; E T
Kruse.
Br shin Lindfield, Reed. Sydney; J J Moore
& Co.
Br ship Saragossa, Duncan, Port Townsend;
Hind. Rolph & Co.
Fr ship Leon Blum, Rehel, Sydney; Roth.
Blum & Co.
Fr bark Gael. Gavary, Sydney; Frederick
Henry.
SAILED.
Thursday. November 12.
Stmr Queen. Cousins. Victoria and Puget
Sound ports.
Stmr North Fork. Nelson, Eureka.
Stmr Pomona. Swansen, Eureka.
Stmr Phoenix. Odland. Mendoclno.
Stmr Centralla, Erlckson. Grays Harbor.
Stmr James Dollar. Thwing, Seattle.
Schr Mary C, Camcbell. Bodega.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Nov 12. 10 p m — Weather
thick; wind SW, velocity 24 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
TATOOSH— Passed out Nov 12— Schr Snow
* Burgess, for Manila: Br stmr Wyefleld.
from Xanalmo, for San Francisco.
COOS BAY— Arrived Nov 7 — Schr Novelty,
hence Oct 29.
SOUTH BEND—Arrived Nov 7— Schr Volun
teer, hence Oct 2S.
EUREKA— Arrived Nov 11— Stmr Scotia,
hence Nov 10: stmr Eureka, hence Nov 10.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Nov 12— Br ship
Claverdon, for Port Pirie.
BEDONDO — Arrived Nov 13 — Stmr South
Bay, from San Pedro; stmr Coqullle River,
from Eureka.
Sailed Nov 12— Schr Nokomls, for Port
Townsend.
SEATTLE: — Sailed Nov 12^ — Stmr Portland,
for Unalaska.
PORT LOS ANGELES — Sailed Nov 12 — Stmr
Santa Barbara, for San Francisco.
SAN PEDRO — Arrived Nov 12 — Schr J M
Weatherwax. from Grays Harbor; bark VI
dette, from Everett. -
Sailed Nov 12 — Schr Beulab. for Umpqua;
stmr Pasadena, for Eurtka; schr Chas R Wil
son, for Grays Harbor.
ISLAND PORT.
MANILA — Arrived Nov 12— Schr Okanoran,
from Port Gamble. Nov 7— Ger «tmr Nubia,
from New York.
FOREIGN PORTS.
ACAPULCO — Sailed Nov '8 — Stmr Acapulco,
for Panama: Br ship Celtic Queen, tor Port
Townstnd. Nov 10— Stmr City of Sydney, for
San Francteco.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed Nov 10— Br stmr In
draveUl. for Portland, Or.
OCKAN STEAMERS.
HAVRE — Arrived Nov 12 — Stair La, Tou
raine, from New York. ¦ ¦
NEW YORK— Arrived Nov 12— 8tmr Rotter
dam. ' from Amsterdam.
Sailed • i Nov 12 — Stmr La Gascocae. for
Havre; stmr Deutschland, for Hamburg:, via
Plymouth and Cherbourg; stmr Mongolian, for
Glasgow, 1tirTOiril][. -BHBL'-'JW
Steamer. For. j Sails.
City Seattle.. Skatrway & Way Ports. Nov. 13
Santa Ana.:. Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Nov. 18
Farailcn... ... Skagway & Way Ports. Nov. 16
Dolphin...... Skagway & Way Porte. Nov. 19
Valencia.....*. Skagway & Way Ports. Nov. 19
Al-Ki Skagrway & .Way t Ports. I Nov. 20
I>Irlg-o. ....:.. Skagway, & Way. Ports.|Nov. 24
Cottage City ." . Skarway & . Way Ports. INov. 27
Dr. Clinton Cushlng's demurrer to the
suit for $10,000 damages brought against
him for alleged careless treatment by
Mary F. Stevens was sustained by Judge
Hunt yesterday. Mrs. Stevens demanded
damages because she suffered for five
years through the presence In her stom
ach of a tube placed there by the de
fendant. Her complaint, however, waa
faulty, hence the Judgment against her.
Wins on Technicality.
Plans Are Now Under Consideration
for the Contemplated Ttto Ten-
Etory Buildings.
XF^V YORK. Nov. 12.-Andrfw Carne-
Cie's plan to make New York one of the
great engineering centers of the world
and to give to all branches it the pro
fession a large building for general c!ub
purposes is reported to be fast approach
ing realization. The proposed buildings
Will cost fl.000.000. :
The plans now under consideration con- '
template two ten-story buildings, one for
the Engineers' Club in West Fortieth
street, near Fifth avenue, and tne othtr
as the home of the four national societies
of the engineering profession in West
Thirty-ninth street. Here will be housed
the mapnifieent technical libraries of
these organizations and here their mem
bers will meet for the business and pro
fessional detail* that pertain to each.
Carr.ecie's offer to the engine »r? was
nude at a dinner given to six rxien rep
j-esf-ntins the organizations on St. Val
entine's day. Tho. c e in charge of tlie pre
liminaries expect to announce before the
rnd of the present year the formal ac
ceptance of Carnegie's proposition ami to
begin at once the work of construction.
ENGINEERS WILL ACCEPT
CAEin-GIE'S PBOPOSITION
The transport brought 416 ¦ passengers.
As has been the case on' nearly every
transport that has crossed the Pacific," the
Thomas bad on board a" number of pro
fessional gamblers who had shipped In
various ! capacities to { be 'I on hand » when
the returning sobers received their pay.
Owing to the foresight i of Quartermaster
Captain ;V. K.' Hart,' however, there were
few military , pigeons plucked on the
Thomas. , He ?. learned of the ; presence on
board of ' this : undesirable element - and
Two steam launches were smashed and
Jmn la J at ° ry on tne a «er end of the
upper deck was completely gutted by one
big sea that went through^ the structure
lU e a steel jacketed shell. Several mem
bers of the crew were slightly injured
and a number of passengers received
bruises more or less severe.
To Chief Steward Herbert the passen
gers paid a warm tribute for his conduct
during the gale. Throughout the night
he devoted himself to the women and
children, securing for. them all the com
fort possible under the trying circum
stances. Before leaving the ship the pas
sengers signed a testimonial in which
they expressed their appreciation of Her
oert's efforts.
To the passengers the most terrifying
feature of the storm was the violent roll-
Ing of the shin. She heeled until her
decks were almost perpendicular. When
she reached the end of a -roll she stop
ped, aa if undecided whether to remain
on her beam ends, turn turtle or swing
over on her other" side. During one of
these side dives the coal. in her bunkers
shifted and added a few. degrees, to the
steepness of .the decks when she rolled to
etarboard. As she heeled over passengers
furniture, crockery and other . movables
slid across the saloon floor to slam in an
indiscriminate heap against the first ob
struction firm enough to ! withstand the
impact. At one stage of the proceedings
the saloon sideboard got loose and but
for the prompt action taken by Steward
Herbert and his men would have played
a disastrous game of nine pins" with the
frightened passengers.
Fine weather followed the storm, and
by the time Honolulu was reached the
passengers were able to laugh over their
wild experiences.
Captain Buford, the commander of the
Thomas, was on the bridge, too fully oc
cupied with the handling of the ship to
devote any attention to his passengers.
The coolest man on the vessel was Chief
Engineer Handle y.
"Another boat smashed!" yelled a mem
ber of the crew to Handley in hearing
or a group of awe-stricken passengers
"Ju m . n 2 l , deaf> " replled the chief.
-m»hH t/ lcre are a dozen boats
smashed. If you go around shouting like
that the passengers will think this is
Eomething unusual."
army transport Thomas, Cap
1 tain.Buford, which arrived from
I Manila on Wednesday night, passed
quarantine early yesterday morn
ing and at noon was docked
at the transport wharf. As she
neared the dock . there loomed up the
scars received in as fierce a gale as ever
swept the Pacific, through which the
i Thomas fought her way during the night
1 of October 25 on the trip from Nagasaki
to Honolulu. Twisted stanchions, stove
in boats and a canvas-patched house on
the trooper's after end bore eloquent wit
ness to the truth of the tales told by pas
sengers and crew. :>- ¦
By the land folk on board the storm is
described variously as a hurricane, a
typhoon and a cyclone, or a combination
of all three.
Captain Buford says It was "A gale,
sir; a full gale and a stiff one."
The storm struck the ship about 5 p. m.
and by 6 o'clock the battle was on In
earnest. The troops were ordered below
and hatches were battened down. Pas
sengers forsook their staterooms and
gathered, for mutual comfort, in the din
ing saloon, where crashing crockery
mingled with prayers and hysterical
laughs and screams and where such of
the ship's officers as could be spared from
the navigation of the trooper did their
best to calm their fear-stricken charges.
One brave, little woman, however, Mrs.
D. E. Holley, wife of a captain of the
Fourth Infantry, refused to leave her
stateroom. She had confidence In the
ship's officers, she said, and faith in the
stanchness of the Thomas. If the ship
was going to founder she preferred to
meet death quietly and alone. Mean
while she thought she could be of more
service by keeping out of the way than
by adding her presence to the confusion
in the saloon.
The Thomas brought Troops C and H
of the Fifteenth Cavalry, 83 casuals, 33
sick and 33 general prisoners, as well as
a number of civilian employes. Her cabin
passengers were as follows:
Colonel H. O. S. Heistand. Mrs. H. O. S. Hel
stand. Major Otto von Etzel, Major M. O. Za
linskl. Major George K. Hunter, Major Charles
McClure, Mrs. Charles McClure, Major F. P.
Fremont, Mrs. F. P. Fremont, Master Benton
Fremont. Captain J. T. Davidson, Captain
George E. Pickett, Mrs. George E. Pickett, Mas
ter George E. I'lckett, Master C. Pick
ett, Captain Henry Jervey, Mrs. Hen
ry Jervey, Master XV. XV. Jervey, Cap
tain D. E. Honey. Mrs. D. E. Holley. Miss Hol
lej\ Captain H. E. Earoes, Mr*. H. E. Games,
First Lieutenants Compton Wilson, W. L. Lit
tle, W.- C. Tremalne, F. E. Evans, John Me-
Manus Charles E. Dority; Second Lieutenants
Ward Dabncy. Charles Burnett. L. R. Par
tridge, S. XV. Robertson, J. P. McAdams,
Charles H. Fulton; C. W. McMillan. S. A.
SprinKwater. E. F. Slater. G. R. Clayton. C. H.
Stearns. F. S. Macy. W. D.- Preston. Thomas
B. McCown. F. P. Stone. C. J. "VVIllgans. J. V.
Oliver. R. D. Hoyt. A. B. Hays. .XV. W. Dulln,
J. B. Mason, P. A. Thevanet. Patrick Finnan,
F. E. Meloy, A.D. Loth'rop, J. W. Scott, B. L.
Smith, First Lieutenant P. L. McXeilly. Mrs.
E. M. Huqhes. Miss Hushes, Miss E. R. Green,
Mrs. J. " F. Madden, Master Madden, Mrs. R.
K. L. Spenee. Master R. E. L. Spence, Miss
C. Spence, Mrs. T.. B. Dewees. Miss Grace Nor
vell, Mrs. E. C. Bussche. R. E. Hartwell, Mrs.
XV. C. Brady. Mrs. Claire Lawler, Mrs. D. M.
McChesney, Master MeChesney, Mrs. B. S.
Dell, Mrs. XV. XV. Lenthe, Mrs. T. C.
Miller. Mrs. W. M. Voircl. Mien E. K.
Vogrel. Miss Marcello Rojas, Miss Ma
ria Romero, C. P. Rochel, P. L. Sherman.
Mariano Vlvenclo. F. R. Carroll. Mrs. Fred
Winston, Mlfs Winston. Mrs. E. H. Bteiner,
Mr*. Louise Harrison. MIsa Eliza Unsey, Mr«.
John Hunter, Miss Isabella Gllkerson, J. J.
O'Loughlen, B. T. Robinson, Mrs. C. H.
Owens.
spoiled their game by withholding all pay
until the transport arrived. Tue an
nouncement of his intention to defer the
payday until the e'nd of the voyage
brought down on the captain a storm of
wild threats in which the disappointed
feather hunters vowed a venjreance, the
carrying out of which was to leave Cap
tain Hart bereft of limbs, life and com
mission. ¦ ¦ • *> •.
A citizens' mass-meeting will be held in
the Alhambra Theater next Thursday
evening for the purpose of bringing about
a better understanding between employ
ers and employes.
Patrick Scullin. who Is the author of
the Senate bill No. 76. or Scullin arbitra
tion and conciliation bill, has for th e last
year spoken in the different cities of the
West and has brought about a feeling of
mutual understanding betwen the labor
class and the employers.
The following men of this city have be
come Interested in Scullin's cause and have
volunteered to speak at the meeting next
Thursday: Byron Mauzy, T. H. Wheelan,
Mayor E. E. Schmitz, G. B. Benham. J.
N. Young, Louis Lessar, W. J. Roster,
Harris Gregory. Isaac Upham, R. B. Hale
and Archbishop Montgomery, v >
Speakers Will Endeavor to Bring
About Peace Between the Two
Classes.
EMPLOYERS AND EMPLOYES
WILL HOLD MASS-MEETING
William Borgwardt and William Fugit
testified to conversations with Hulse the
evening before the shooting, in which he
said that McKinney was In town and that
he had brought him. Sheriff Kelly testi
fied to having had a conversation with
Hulse In the jail, in which the latter said
that he had brought McKinney Into the
city and had sheltered him at the Joss
house, describing how he had driven out
with him by night to where the outlaw
had cached his guns and ammunition and
brought them into town. When asked if
he was present at the time of the shoot
ing Hulse replied: "No; if I had been
there would have been more of you fel
lows killed." The case goes on to-mor
row.
BAKERSFIELD, Nov. 12.— The taking
of testimony in the Hulse case began this
morning at 10 o'clock. All witnesses were
excluded from the room, and when At
torney Alford for the defense observed
Mrs. Tibbett, the aged mother of the mur
dered officer, sitting just outside the bar
of the court he at once demanded that
she be sworn as a witness and excluded
from the room. The case opened with a
statement by Attorney H. L. Packard for
the prosecution. Drs. C. E. Kellogg and
S. F. Smith, who held the autopsy on Tib
bett, were first called to tell of the
wounds
Witnesses Testify at Bakersfield
About the Crime of an
Outlaw.
TELL OF STATEMENTS
OF McKINNEY'S COMRADE
United States District Judge de Haven
yesterday granted a new trial in the case
of the United States against James M.
Engle, William S. Lewis. Richard H.
Lewis and Arthur W. Keddie. The de
fendants were convicted last Tuesday of
having Buborned nine persons to swear
falsely to applications for Government
timber lands In Sierra and Plumas coun
ties. S. C. Denson. Frank R. Wehe and
Bert Schlesinger, counsel for the defense,
made the motion for a new trial on the
grounds that the evidence was wholly in
sufficient to Justify the verdict of con
viction; that the court erred in refusing
to instruct the jury to render a verdict
In favor of the defendants; that the court
erred In refusing the instruction asked
for by defendants' counsel that prior
agreement betwen the entryman and the
defendants must be proved before a con
viction could be had; that there was no
evidence whatever in ten of the eighteen
counts of the indictment charging that
the defendants had puborned the five
missing witnesses to commit perjury, and
that the court erred in denying the de
fense an opportunity of cross-examining
United States Marshal Shine.
Judge de Haven sustained the conten
tion of the defense with regard to the
absence of testimony as to the suborna
tion of the five missing witnesses and
granted the motion for a new trial on
the ground that the court had erred when
it neglected to charge the Jury that it
must be proved that prior to the entry
man making application for the land an
understanding or agreement had been
made by him and some one else for the
transfer of the land.
The case will be set for the retrial
shortly after December 1.
By order of the chairman a meeting of the
advisory committee has been called for Tues
day, November 1". The topic of this meet
ins will be "Co-operation." and as represent
atives from all parts of the State will be
present, a very Interesting programme is
promised.
For California, the monthly magazine of
the committee, will make Its first appearance
in December. It will contain articles by
Governor Pardee, "William H. Savior and oth
ers. Illustrations by Dixon. The committee
is receiving liberal contributions from prom
inent Californiana for this publication, and It
Is anticipated that In each number there w:ll
be much of interest to the prospective set
tler and to our own people aa well.
Records from one transcontinental line only
show that since September 15 10,290 person*
have taken advantage of the low colonist rates
to come to California.
The convention of the American Bankers*
Association, Just held, proved of more than or
dinary interest and of great benefit to Cali
fornia. Much enthusiasm was manifested
by these representative men, many of whom
traveled extensively throughout the State,
gaining a knowledge of tha resources and op
portunities here for Investment. Material re
sults of this convention will be shown later on.
Within a few months the cruiser California
will be launched in San Francisco Bay. Tha
Native Sons of the Golden West have taken
an active Interest in this launching and will
endeavor to make It an event of mora than
ordinary significance. This committee has
been in consultation with the officers of the
Native Sons of the Golden West and will co
operate by lending any possible assistance to
make the affair a success.
WILL ISSUE MAGAZINE.
The committee is anxious to have San
Francisco boast of a magnificent convention
hall in the near future. Such a hall is abso
lutely required here for conventions and other
gatherings so much desired by the city. Tba
matter is being actively agitated.
The committee, ! with the aid of tha press
In different localities of the State, is carry
ing on an active campaign for better hotels.
The tourist should be able to find proper ac
commodations in all parts of the State. Tha
beauty spots of California may be made still
more attractive by adding material comforts
to visitors.
Talks have been made by representatives of
the committee before the Sacramento Valley
Development Association at its last meeting
in Sacramento and before the Women's Col
legiate Alumnae in San Francisco.
The committee is making special efforts, to
gether with the California Creamery Opera
tors' Association, to provide a representative
exhibit of California dairy Droducts at tha
St. Louis fair, and la endeavoring to secure a
strong delegation of dairymen during tha con
vention of the National Buttermakers' Asso
ciation, to be held in St. Louis In 1904, so that
this important association may meet in Cali
fornia in 19C5. This convention will be ef
peculiar Importance to California: it draws
from 6000 to 80C0 dairymen from all parts
of the United States.
The following articles from the publication
bureau of tba committee were published dur
ing the month of October: "The Eleven Coun
ties of the Sacramento Valley," "Small Farms
as Means of Profit, " "The Great Valley of,
the San Joaquln."' "New Era for Tulare."'
"Possibilities of Limited Farming," "Califor
nia Mountain Counties." "The Central Coast
Counties," "How California Advertises," "Fu
ture Crop of California Redwoods," "Elec
tricity in California." "California Wants Pura
"Wine" and "Potato Raising on Large Scale."
Clippings received show that publications
outside of California having a circulation of
838,000 published articles from tha committee*
In October. The committee has furnished tha
American Press Association, tha Associated
Press and all of the papers in the State with
articles and news Items that have, been exten
sively used.
A representative of the committee attended
the ceremonies at Tulare on the occasion of
tha burning of the irrigation bonds, and ad
dressed the people of that community.
DAIRYMEN ARE INTERESTED.
The different books published by tha com
mittee continue to be in demand and a larga
distribution of the literature is looked for
during the approaching holiday time as sou
venirs to Eastern friends.
During the month of October about 1100
letters were received and about 1S0O letters
eent out. and about 13.COO pieces of literature
distributed. The committee has on file taa
names of about 60, CW people who are interested
in California.
LITEBATTTRE DISTRIBUTED.
It is a matter of gratification to notion th»
results of the work of the committee become
more pronounced each month. It is interesting
to note the Increase in the number of peopla
from other States who have been attracte-i to
California by information sent them. Many
are now coming here who have been in cor
respondence with the committee for & year
or more, and those newcomers. If well, placed,
will influence many of their friends outside of
California to settle here. It must be consid
ered that while the committee is interesting
many in California, that only a certain per
centage can make it convenient to coma im
mediately and cut loose from their present
surroundings. From advices received, how
ever, as soon aa this can be accomplished, an
enormous tide of Immigration to California
may be looked for. It has been found that
the "follow up" system of the committee la
most effective; a party who has expressed him
self aa interested in California is written to,
but for some reason does not respond; tha
method is to write him again, and sometime*
more than once; these second, third or fourth
letters from the committee almost Invariably
brlnsr replies, and in many cases it has been
found that the parties so persistently sought
are influenced into coming to our State.
Tha membership of the committee has
Increased rapidly within tha last two
months and much Interest has been
stirred up In the East concerning Califor
nia. The executive board is anxious to
secure more members and a personal ap
peal will be made to representative citi
zens all over the State to co-cperate with
the organization In advertising the pro
ducts and advantages of the State
throughout the East.
The following report for the month of
October was submitted by Rufus P. Jen
nings, executive officer:
business was transacted and work for
the future planned. The meeting was at
tended by the executive board, consist
ing of A. Sbarboro, Rufus P. Jennings.
Georg© W. McNear. A.* A. Watkins and
Frederick J. Koster.
yesterday afternoon and much Important
The regular monthly meeting of tha
California Promotion Committee was held
It was alleged fa the Aubury report that
many rJacer mines had been taken in by
timber speculators on overlapping timber
claims and that some of these placer
rropcriics had h>-en worked extensively.
The names of miners who claimed to be
achieved &"d the substance of their
complaints were forwarded by Aubury to
Washington. ProbabJy this matter con
cerning the placer miners and other min
ers has been investigated by the agents
now in the field.
Sinea the last annual convention of the
California Miners* Association in this
city, when complaints were frequent con
cerning the manner in which public lands
covered by timber and also placer loca
tions were being gobbled up by specula
tors on cne pretext or another, a com
plete chang* in conditions has taken
place. No report has yet been submitted
as to the result of recent investigations
by trusted agents of the Government rel
ative to the timber frauds, nor may such
report be made for some time. When it
is in the hands of the proper authori
ties In Washington additional startling
developments may come to light.
The action of the Secrc<ary of the In
terior in accepting the resignation of An
drew H. Burkeas, a special agent, com
pletes the task cf dispensing with the
cervices cf all those who were connected
in any way tilth the transactions in the
Marysviljf land district, concerning which
there was more complaint than la any
other district. Th<* Call published the
Btory exclusively that there was trouble
in the Marysville district. This wa? dis
puted for a time, and officially, until the
SlarysvUle land office was cleaned out
and a new official head was found for it.
State Mineralogist Aubury pent Horace
Stevens to Marysville to investigate.
Stevens returned a report which was
adopted as his own by Aubury and was
forwarded to Washington. Binger Her
mann was then the Commissioner of the
General l^and office. He sent Andrew H.
I>urke out to look into the charges.
ISurko did not find anything to censure.
Aufcury went tn Washington and called
upon Hermann «nd asked him to send
fome one else to verify the report that
had been made by Stevens. This Her
mann declined to do, saying that Uurke's
rr;»ort was final. Then Aubury went to
I 'resident Roosevelt and made a state
ment. Since then Hermann, the officials
of the Marysville land office and Burke
have dropped out of the public service.
A more vigorous investigation is supposed
now to be under way. Aubury is satis-
Bed that lie has been justified in the re
port that he sent to Washington by the
result.
The Judge did not enter into the ques
tion as to whether a manufacturer doing
nothing but buying the raw material and
selling the finished product was a la
borer.
"A Chinese manufacturer who engages
in any kind of manual labor about the
establishment, even for the purpose of in
structing his employes, is a laborer un
der the meaning of the exclusion act, and
as such Is not entitled to enter into or
remain in this country as a merchant."
This was the opinion handed down yes
terday by United States Court Commis
sioner Heacock in tha matter of the de
portation of Lin Lung "Wong. This opin
ion, if adopted as a rule of action by the
Chinese bureau, will lead to the deporta
tion of a large number of Chinese pro
prietors of cigar factories, clothing shops,
broom factories and other establishments.
At the time when Chinese laborers In
this country were required to obtain cer
tificates of residence, Lin held a 11500 In
terest in the Pacific Fruit Packing Com
pany at 804 Stockton street and acted as
foreman, his particular duty being to
Bbow the employes how to pack fruit and
vegetables. For the reason that he was
a member of the firm, Lin regarded him
self as a merchant and therefore did not
ask to be registered as a laborer. He re
turned recently from Alaska and was held
up by the Chinese bureau for deportation
for having been found Illegally in this l
country, he not having the certificate re
quired by the exclusion act. The defense
was set up that Lin, having been a mem
ber of the firm at the time registration
was going on, was a merchant.
Judge Heacock decided that Lin, as
foreman of the. cannery and being re
quired to teach the employes how to pack
fruit, was a skilled laborer and the fact
that he owned an interest in the cannery
did not place him outside of that cate
gory.
Judge de Haven Decides That
Frior Agreement Must
Be Shown.
Foreman of Cannery, Though
Partner Thereof, Is a
Laborer.
Governor Pardee and Many
Others to Write for
New Magazine.
Many Official Changes Take
Place During Long In
vestigation.
Loyalton Lumber Men
Get Another Chance
in Court.
Owners of Placer Claims
Are Concerned in
the Outcome.
Work of the Promotion
Committee Benefits
This State.
Commissioner Heacock
Decides Important
Matter.
MINERS AWAIT
FINAL REPORT
MOTION FOR NEW
TRIAL GRANTED
EASTERN PEOPLE
LIKE CALIFORNIA
MANUFACTURERS
NOT MERCHANTS
TROOPER THOMAS WEATHERS
WILD GALE IN MID-PACIFIC
big Army Steamship Sustains Much Damage From Heavy Seas and
Her Passengers Are Thrown Into a Panic by the Transport's
Rolling, Which Juggles Human Freight Like Dice in a Box
THE SAN FRAK CISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1903.
UNITED STATES ARMY TRANSPORT THOMAS, "WHICH ARRIVED SAFELY IN PORT LATE "WEDNESDAY
NIGHT FROM MANILA. COMPLETING A VOYAGE THAT "WAS MARKED BY ONE OP THE FIERCEST
GALES THAT EVER SWEPT THE PACIFIC OCEAN.
TO SAIL.
FROM SEATTLE.
10
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A Tray^ Bull of I
~ MILWAUKEE. fj
-A Good Hand 1
And a steady one. for it means 3
sweet words of approval. The 15
"dispenser." whether host or ft
dealer. Is never embarrassed by y
the feeling that it won't please. «
There's QUALITY back of It — U
. Quality that means "Blatz" in Si
every glass. Uniformly Pure m
and Mature. n
Always tha Same Good Old Blatz m
Blati H»lt-ViTia» (Hon-Int«) Toali |
DrnggUts or Direct. rj
W. Blaiz Brewing Co., Mitwaakas. |
BrannsGhweiger & Co., inc. 8
5 and 7 DRUM* ST., San Francbco. |
TeL Mala 1C48. Wholesale Dealer* fjDried Fruits^Nuts, Raisins, Honey
There is nothing: new under this head, the
markets being quiet, with prices generally easy.
FRUIT— Apricots, :7®S%c for Royals. and 0@
lOo for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples, 4©5%e;
sun-dried, 3%g>4c: Peaches. 4%es«%c; Pears,
OSlOc; Nectarines. 4®6%c; Figs, white, 4(®4%c
Jn boxes;, black; 4%c; Plums, pitted. 6®Sc per
.•pound. : . ' ¦ ''.-"'"
I . PRUNES— 1903 crop, 2%®3o for the four
sizes.' ¦-'•-¦¦ ¦¦ ':".¦.¦-*-:¦¦:.- ' ¦ ¦
- RAISINS — F. ! o. .. b.\ Drices, ¦ Fresno.Y for. 1903
crop: .-.- 60-lb "• boxes — Loose * Muscatel, 2-crown,
5%c per 1b; 3-crown. 5%c;4-crown, 6%c; Seed
less i Muscatels/* 4#c; .•: do floated, 4 %c;. un
bleached'Sultanas, 4%c;V Thompson's 'Seedless,
B%c. ; London Layers— -2-crown. $1 25; 3-crown.
$1 35; 4-crown dusters, i $2; " 5-crown Dehesas,
$2 60: A-crowni Imperials.; $3; Malaga Loose, 2
erown. 1 6e ; per Jib; •. do ¦. 3-«rown, - 6%c: 1 Valencia
Cured. *Mc; Pacific do, 3%c; Oriental do'2%c.
Seeded I Raisins — 16-oz packages. . fancy, vsc per
lb; - choicer Tlici '• 12-os * packages, - fancy, j 6"iic:
choice." «3ic; : in bulk, fancy. 7%c; choice.' 7*c
THUR8DAY, Nov. 12—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
igKz Bid.Ask. Bid.Ask.
4s qr coup.. 110%lll% 4s qr new..l34m35U
4s ¦¦qr'- reg..llO%lll% 3siqr . coup;.107%108%
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala'A W'5s. — — 1 Do 5s ...'.108 109
Bay CPC 5s. — 104 Do con 8s. — , 104
Cal C G 6s.. 104% — OWCgCs. — 07
Cal C A E g •¦¦¦¦¦¦ . Oceanic 8 6s. ' 75 . 79
m & ct 5s.'— 102% Om C R 6s.. 120 . —
Cal-st 5s . . — — • ¦ -.' Pac B Im 4s — 97 -
C C Wat 5s. — 100 : P E Ry 58.100 , 107#
B L & P 6S.120 — P & C H 6s. — —
F & C H 6a. — 117 P & O R 6a.ll6m20
Gearj'-st 6s.V 45 . 90 Powell-Jt Cs.llS^i — '
H C&S 5%s.l01 ¦'.'-'— '¦'. S E GAR 5». — 101%
H C A SS 5s. — "'lOO: SF A SJV5s. — 117
Hon R T ea.104%106 S R of V Cs.ll2%rr
L A Elec'5s.l01%105% S P Of A6s
L A-Ry;5s.U2 .113 (1909) ....— 107%
LA L Co 6s. — ¦•—.• (1910) ... . — 10S%
:Do rtd(6s.— "¦¦•' — S P of C 6s
...Do gW 6s.l02%105 ; -- (1905)Sr A.102%103
LAP;lcm 6s. — 103 (l»06)Sr B.iaiv«iO3^4
Mkt-st'C 6S.119T- — $ (1906). .'...104%106
Do lem 5s. •— 114 ' (1912) .T..11S 114%
NRR of CCs — 108 SPC:lcgL6s. —
'.:: :ff^ Ul5, -Do
N-P C R 5s. — 109 -¦-. S,P B R 6s. ¦— •-
N C R 5s.'.;. 109 — S -VlW,as.-.106Ti —
NjC P C 5s.; — — T Do 4s 2dm.; — . 99T
N ! S ; R':R'8«.'.- 100., . Do'4s 3dm.* — /10O:
O;G LH6S.107 — ' Stkn G&E 6s»5-102}4
'O-.T*Co 6s.-. — 113 U Q A E 6s. — i 106
Stock and Bond" Exchange.
The San Joaquin OH and Development Com
pany paid a dividend of $2 25 per share,
amounting to $225,000, yesterday. , ' ;
The Florlston Pulp and Paper Company of
Nevada County has levied an assessment of
$10 cer share, delinquent December 14.*
The Alftska Packers' Association paid a reg
ular monthly dividend of $1 per share yester
day. ' ----- -.¦¦¦-
The Four Oil Company has declared a divi
dend of 1 cent per share, amounting to $3000,
payable November ¦ 16. . ,
Spring, Valley .Water continued the notice
able stock yesterday and showed some recov
ery, selling at $37@38 60, there being a grad
ual rise all day. There were some • sales of
California Wine at $90©90 50. . The other
stocks . were quiet. The oil stocks were neg
lected. - ¦:¦¦¦:.: • • ¦
STOCK MARKET.
FOR THURSDAY. NOVEMBER 12.
Flour qr sks .. 8,fi06(Hops. bales .... 317
Wheat ctls .... 3,750 Wool, bales ... 38
Barley' Ctls .... 11. 0R0 Screenings, sks. . 200
Oats, ctls 350, Tallow, ctls .... 361
Corn ctls ..... ¦ 1.040 Pelt*. . No. .... 480
Beans sks .... 8,581 Hides, No 420
Potatoes sks .. 8,145 L«ither. rolls .. 8S
Onions sks .... 510 Wine, gals 82,500
Bran sks ..... -•'890 Sugar, ctla .... 3,100
Middlings, sks... 1,050 Raisins,- bxs ... 2.000
Broomcorn, bis. . 70 Brandy, gals ... 450
Hay tons ..... ' 180 Lime, bbls ..... 725
EASTERN. •
Corn, ctls 400 .
Receipts of Produce.
GRAPES — 40050c for small boxes/ 50@S5c
for crates and 75c<3$l 25 for large open boxes.
NUTMEG MELONS — 40^83c per box.
CITRUS 7 FRUITS— Valencia Oranges, $2Q
3 60 per box; Lemons.' $1@2 50 per box; Grape
Fruits $l'R0@3 BO; Mexican Limes, $4®4 50:
Bananas, $1 25® 1 75 '. per I bunch | for Hawaiian
and $2 60@3 for Central American; Pineapples,
$2£?2 60 per ; doren. * -
60c per box.
PLUMS — Coe's late red
APPLES— 90cCT$I 25 per box for fancy. 50®
S5c for gocd to choice and 25@40c for common;
Christmas 'Apples, $2 50®2 75 per box.
PEARS— $1@1 25 per box for fancy Winter
Nellls and &0#75c for other varieties. /
QUINCES — 40®C0c per box.
FIGS — M>S75c per box.
O POMEGRANATES— 75©85c for small boxes
and $1 60©2 50 for large.
PERSIMMONS — 60cig$l per box.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 10c per pound.
CRANBERRIES — Cape Cod. $ll@il 50; Jer
sey*, $10<310 75 per bbl; Coos Bay, $2 50®3 per
box. •--¦- - ¦ •"- - • ¦..--¦•
. STRAWBERRIES — Longworths. $5@3 per
chest; large Berries, $1 6003 for Mallndas and
$304 for the other. varieties.
RASPBERRIES— $4g« per chest.
There was a limited Inquiry for choice Or
anges for shipment to Puget Sound ports and
late Valencias sold for that purpose at $3 50
per box. new Jaffas at $2 f>0@2 75 and new
Navels at ¦ $3 5O@3 75. Otherwise there was
nothing new to report In Citrus or Tropical
fruits. .
Local trade in the fruit market was verv
quiet owing to the rain, but there was a steady
demand for choice table Grapes and other
fruits suitably packed for shipment to Pueet
Sound. Receipts of Grapes from all sections
were unusually heavy, as growers evidently ex
pected a period of wet weather and rushed in
all available supplies. The local demand for
large and small packages was very light and
although the Sound steamer took out several
thousand packages, there was a h-avy surplus
unsold at the close. The feeling, however was
steady, as most dealers expected that the' rain
would materially lessen subsequent receipts and
were not inclined to force sales. Receipts of
Strawberries and Raspberries, while moderate
were in excess of the demand; there was a
sharp drop in prices' and quite a quantity was
carried over. About fourteen boxes of Huckle
berries came In from Point Arena and sales
were readily effected at 10c per pound. The
Apple market was quiet locally, but there was
a good demand Tor shipment to near-by points
and prices of fancy stock were well sustained'
Other deciduous fruits were in ample supply^
and fluctuations In prices were generally nar
row. '• :¦:¦•¦ ¦ ¦ ..'-¦ ¦ ,-S-i- ¦ •,,-;
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling- Exchange was very unsettled yester
day and moved about a good deal. The final
ratos are quoted below. Silver was also unset
tled, but showed some recovery from the recent
SterUng r Exchange, sixty days — *4 80%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 484
Sterling Exchange, cables. — .• 4 85
New York Exchange, sight........ — 02%
New York Exchange, telegraphio. — 05
Silver, per ounce — ojifc
Mexican dollars ~" **
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT Foreign cables came through weaker.
Chicago was %c off, and reported a poor cash
'twS market showed no change In the cash
grain, there being no pressure either to buy or
sell. Futures were lower.
CASH WHEAT.
California Club. $1 40©l 45; California White
Australian. $1 5001 55; Northern Club. $1 4<K*
1 42%; Northern Bluestem. $1 50@l 65; Oregon
Valley, $1 40®l 45 per ctl. • ..
FUTURES.
Session 8 to 11 :30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. . Close.
December .'..SI 36 51 86tf $136 $186%
May 1 35% 185% 13514 1 35^
2 p. m. Session.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May $1 35U $1 85V* SI 85U $1 35^
December ... 1 80% 1 36 % 1 86}; 1 86%
BARLEY — Was dull and weak, owing to the
rain. Buyers held off. Quotations for both
cash grain and futures were easier.
t CASH BARLEY.
Feed. $1 12%@1 15; Shipping and Brewing,
$1 20©l 25; Chevalier, $1 20&1 45 for fair to
choice. ' ' -•'¦
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...SI 12Vi $1 12Vi $1 11% $1 11%
May Ill 111 110% 110%
, 2 p.m. Session.
December— 41 11%. .
OATS— There is still a very fair demand for
seed, but for local feeding the market , is , quiet
at the. moment. Quotatlons*are unchanged. .
White. $1 20@l 22%; Black. $1 40@l 62%;
Red. $1 20® 1 25 for feed and $1 25@1 35 for
seed: Gray. $1 22%©1 27% per ctl.
CORN — Dealers are complaining of the gen
eral dullness of the market, and prices are
rather weak than otherwise.
Western = sacked. $1300132% for Yellow,
$1 S091 32% for White and $1 30 for mixed;
California large Yellow, $1 35©1 40; small
round do. $1 5001 60; White. $1 35@1 40 per
cental. «""»'»i< i*IJiiwVt ' I1J1.11 II. »m/t«iiir»
RYi%-$l 25®1 80 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT—<2 25©2 60 per Ctl. *
Flour and > Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $4 600
4 86, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $4 6O@4 60;
Oregon and Washington. $3 90&4 20 per bbl for
Family and $3 »0©4 40 for Bakers'. - - ; - >: .
• MILLSTUFFS— Prices In packages are as fol
lows : ' Graham Flour, ; $3 25 . per 100 lbs; • Rye
Flour/ $3 25; Rye. Meal.. $3; Rice. Flour, j $7;
Corn - Meal-. $3 25; extra ¦ cream « do. $4; ~« Oat
Groats. $4 SO; Hominy. lt£4 25: Buckwheat
Xczl< York Stock Market.
VEW TOP.K. Nov. 12.— Pennsylvania and
Visited States Steel preferred again divided
attention and a good degree of influence in
to-day's etock market. The dealings were not
in gucn overwhelming proportions in either
ftock as for the last several days. Pennsyl-
Minia was weak from the outset, but showed
ftubborn resistance in the neighborhood of 112.
The efforts to purport the ftock were aided
at first by the strength shown by United States
Fteel preferred, and by the second United
States Eteel bonds. It was oorr.rr.cn belief that a
very large short interest was being covered
in the steel creferred stock.
The outlook In the labor world was regard
ed a« threatening, and report* of rioting In
connection with the Chicago Street Railway
ftrlke emphasized the feeling. There was
also the report of a cut of 10 per cent in wages
at Fall River, which tiad its effect In the
etitten market aa well as in the stock mar
ket. The rerwrted intention of the United
States Bteel Corporation to retrench their
Ioutl&y for wages $15,000,000. or 10 per cent,
and the Mrlous situation growing out of the
crjal strike in Colorado were added factors in
ehapisg *»ntlment. The show of strength in
. sugar wsj <j ue u> hopes of a Cuban reclproc-
Iltjr treaty. Amalgamated , Copper was an
otner Firong feature with legislation. Addi
tional errafpmenu of $2,000,000 in gold for
jMWMat to New York became known, part of
»hlch is already on the way. Wit not an
nounced before. The rate. for sterling recov
ered •oir.ewhst In response to the gold en
gagements. The Bank of England refrained
from aavar.nr.* | t « dincotint rate so that a
furthfr inward How of gold . is - still - likely.
The *tock market closed about steady, but
net much above the lowest. Total sales of
bonds, par value, were $3,100,000.
Lnited States 2s declined \i per cent, and
tie 3* and old 4« 14 per cent on the last call.
NEW TORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks— Close. {Southern Pacific.: 40%'
Atchiscn « southern Ry . l«4i-
Atrhison pfd W>*i Southern Ry pfd. 71%
7.i', Texas A Paeiflc. 22
Bait & Ohio pfd. OT IT. St L ft W.... 16H
lanadian Paelnc.in It. {?tL A W pfd. 25
r^ntral of N J..ir,5 i^nion Pacific 69%
\ T>«« * ,° h!o i r nion Pacific pfd. S5
ITW \A Alton...... £S«4<Wabash 1H%
rfa! A Alton pfd. C5 iWabash pfd 32%
S S. pf(1 - 2 5%m-l«consin Central 14%.
;i : £ N w i;- -16l»i;W!sccn Cen pfd.. 32*
.i \Z*r a L A 7 J ." LD ' , 8 Express Companies.
l-hl T A T pfd. . . . Ifll4 A«am» ........ . .22*
rCCtStU.. C8 'American .......ISfl
Tolor* do Southern. 114 jrni ted States... .10ft
fv-lo Fouth lrt pM !» Wflls-Fargo . ...;1C5
rolo South 2d pfd 19^ MSi«*llaneous—
P!. lllw .* r *A I L a . <1 -i5 01 '» Amalganj Copper.' 38 tt.
«^»*. tAck & W..223 I Am Car & Found. 18 S
™?£ rT P R ~ Crea J ner J- 31 @ 32^e for extras and
2CS*J9o for seconds; dairy. 21ff25c; store »»»
2^f r 19 i c b : . cold 8t0rase - 24S2^
lower grades; Young Americas 13Uffiij c - f-,,
em, 15%«il6^c; Western. 14%i5c per lb
EGGS-Ranch .42%® 45c and occasionally 46c
for choice and 37^«40o for small and mixed
colors; store, nominal; cold storaeo •>"ur!»
32%c; Eastern. 26®30o for fresh and "tfi28?
for cold storage. -*»-ec
The Egg market is unsettled and quotations
show more or less change. Ranch continue in
light supply and firm, and some dealers quoted
4f.c yesterday, though this figure Is rather hleh
for a positive quotation, as the warm soft
rain leads buyers to hold off somewhat and
purchase only from band to mouth. There are
hardly enough fresh Eastern here to quote
Butter is about the same. There is a fair
demand, which keeps stocks from serious accu
mulation.
Cheese la as before quoted, being in larra
supply. 6
Receipts were 1?. 600 .lbs Butter. C00 cases
Epks and 23.600 lbs Cheese. M8e9
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Lewis Bohling, a miner, living at 35
Clay street, was attacked by two colored
men on Washington, street, opposite the
postomce, early yesterday morning and
robbed 'of a cheap watch and some coins.
He reported the robbery to the police,
but was unable to give any description of
the men.
Miner Says He Was Bobbed.
The thlcnaeats of Lumber frcm San Franclsoo
tv eea fiurir.g the mestb of October were as '
To — , Feet. Valu»*.
Australia 2.007.505 $ 73.25S
Mexico 222.014 5.P75
C-ntral Ara^rica 155. MS 2.2>v>
Germany lfS.."«4 3.RC5
Hawaiian iFlands 71.6*7 l.ft.V)
Pocth Africa 33.107 1.130
Tahiti 23.972 O«3
Marala 21.313 «>2J
Columbia 14.431 25«2
Famoan Islands I'>.2fl3 2«
N>w Zealand 4/«00 143
'Chile 1/U4 t»
Totals 2.673.495 $ G5.2SS
Dunnage —
Or»at Britain 363.000 '5.440
Belgium 67.001) S55
Australia 14,000 22-i
Total dur.r.Rg* 434.000 J 6..119
Grand total 3.107,498 $101. 80S
The experts in Ortober. l»02. Including dun
rtge. were 1.943.632 ff«, valuM at $4.",<JT.S.
In that morth th*re w»re 32fl.f>0A f»«»t. valuM
at T: :24. fhipp«>a as dunnage on the grain fleet.
I Teat her Report.
'12ftib Meridian— Pacif.r time.)
FAN FRANCISCO. Nov. 12—5 r BL
Th» fallowing tr» th»> i^ascnal rainfall* to
<:«t». ¦» compared with these of th# earr.e date
Inn ***&>n. and the rainfall in the last twentr
f<nir hourt:
Last This Last
?ratiT.* — 24 hours. Season. Season.
"Eureka 0.90 7.«« 9.14
Bed Bluff O.l« 2.1* 9.04
fSTgmento ft. lft .SO 3.31
t^an Frsriri«v> O.10 .63 3.2R
Fresno O.OO .O£ 2.43
Infl*p«ifience Trace Trace 0.39
Psn Luis OWjpo 0.«> .0« 3.20
Yst Angles O.Ort .45 2.2S
P«n I>Wr> 0.O" .05 1.37
THE COAST RECORD.
— 2 2 ~ " 3
I =3 B| -a II g
STATIONS. J * a "I »S *** e '
'• % f '¦ '¦ P
'. a * '. ' '•
Baker 29.70 S6 30 NW Pnow T.
«."«rron 2».70 56 ftrt P\V Rain .52
Kuieka 2S>.!*» CS *H N <1nadr -l«J
Farallon 2».»4 «<> 5«J PTV Cloudyv .04
Fresno 29.W? 72 M 6 Cloudy .00
Flagstaff 29. «J 56 2S FW Cloudy .00
Independence 29.74 74 3« \Y Pt.Cldy • T.
Los Angles .29.94 CH W> PW <near .00
:-:i Tar,«:;i:s 29.94 .*4 48 "VV Rain 2.14
North Head ..23.«8 46 — RW Cloudy .2(1
Phoenix 29.R4 7« 4*5 N Clear .«O
Pocat*>ilo 29. 6« 3« 2« E Snow .04
Porrlanfl 29.72 4»J 40 SW Cloudy .OH
Point Reyes ..29. S3 C8 M W Rain .10
Red Bluff ...29.74 «0 54 PE Cloudy .Id
Roseburg 29. $2 B0 42 SW Cloudy .24
Sacramento ...29. *S QMS Cloudy .10
B»lt Lake 29.60 46 ?.2 E Cloudy .14
S>. Franeieeo ..29.»6 «0 50 SW Rain .1O
Kan L. Obl*po.30.06 6<5 50 NW Cloudy .00
San Diego ...29.S4 *X 54 \V Clear .00
PeatUe 29.tiS 42 32 E Rain M
Spokane 2».K0 S3 22 N Clear .W
Tatoosh 2a. 60 W 28 W Cloudy .46
"Ualla Wal!a..23.74 44 3.S N Cloudy T.
Winaraucci .C9.68 56 36 S Rain .52
Turn* 2».*0 m 50 S Clear :i .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AXD GENERAL
FORECAST.
The rrcsrure has fallen slowly during the
pc« twenty-four hours over the northern half
of the Pacific Coast. A storm of some inten
sity overli« N>\-ada, but wfll probably move
eastward over Utah. Another disturbance has,
• however, appeared on the* Washington coast,
and trill probably move rapidly southward.
Rain has fallen over the coast from San
Fran<*i»eo northward, and snow Is falling in
Southern Idaho,
The following high winds are reported: Eu
reka. 3H mile? per hour from the southwest;
Vonh Head. 34. *outbwest; Red Bluff. 36.
er>utb*a.Ft: Sacramento, 38. southeast; Wlnne
mucca, 52. wsuthweet; Carson City, 66. south
»iw, and Indrpendenrp. 36. weft.
Forecast made at Ban Fraaclsoo for thirty
fc^ure. ending midnight, Novexub€r 13:
NorlhPrn California — Cloudy. unsettled
¦westhfr Friday, with rain; fresa southerly
winds, hiph in the Sierra.
ftouthern tjalifornla — Cloudy, unsettled
¦weather Friday, probably showers; fresh south
west winds.
Nevada— Rain or fnow Friday; brick to high
FouthweM winds.
San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy, cn«et
tied weather Friday; probably showers; fresh
eouthwe*t wind.
A. Q. Me ADI E. District Forecaster.
Deputy Sheriff Charles M. Paxson of
Montgomery County, Kansas, arrived
here-' yesterday with the papers for the
extradition of Attorney David R. Nelson,
who is wanted in Coffeyvllle on a charge
of being an accessory to a murder by hia
brother. The argument on the writ of
habeas corpus for Kelson's release will
take place before Judge Cook this morn
ing. - :, .-v ,
Comes to Take Nelson Back.
BAGS — Grain Bags, 5®5V»c; San Quentin,
5.65c; Wool Bags. 32®35c; Fleece Twine. 7%
®8c- Cotton Fruit Bags. 6%c, 6%e and 7i£c for
the three grades; Brown Jute. 6%@7%c
COAL— Wellington. $8 per ton; New Wel
lington. f8: Seattle. $6 50; Bryant, $6 50; Bea
ver Hill. $5 50; Stanford, $7; Roslyn. $7; Coo«
Bay $5 50; Greta. $7; Wallsend. $7; Rich
mond. $7 60; Cumberland, $13 In bulk and
$14 25 In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg,
$14; Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13; Welsh Lump.
$11 CO; Cannel, (8 60 per ton; Coke. $11 50©
13 per ton in. bulk and $15 in sacks; Rocky
Mountain descriptions. $11 45 per 2000 lbs and
$12 80 per long ton. according to brand.
OIL— Linseed. 49c for boiled and
47c • for; raw In barrels; cases. 5c more;
Castor OH. in cases. No. 1, 70c; Bakers'
A A. $1 10@l 12; Lucol. 44c for boiled and 42o
for raw in barrels: Lard Oil, extra winter
strained, barrels. S5c; cases. 90c; China Nut.
M>@70c per gallon; pure Neatsfoot. In barrels,
75c; cases. 80c; Sperm, pure, 75c; Whale Oil.
natural white. eOig'SSc per gallon; Fish Oil,
In barrels.. 60c; cases, 65c; Cocoanut Oil. In
barrels 6S0 for Ceylon and 55c for Australian.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil in bulk.
15%c; Pearl Oil in cases. 22c; Astral. 22c;
Star 22c: Extra Star. 2«c; Elaine. 28c; Eocene.
25c;*. deodorized Stove Gasoline. In bulk. 17c;'
in cases 23%c; Benzine. In bulk, 13c; In cases
19 %c; 86-degree Gasoline, in bulk. 21c; in
cases. 27 %c.
TURPENTINE— 60c per gallon In cases and
74c In drums and iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 6%©
7c per lb; White Lead. 6%@7c. according to
ql RICE-U:hlna, No. 2, $4 3504 45; No. I,
Sr> 75S5 90; extra No. 1. $8 25@G 50; Hawaiian,
$5 25; Japan. $5 2505 SO; Louisiana. $1 30®
0 75.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb. in 10O-lb bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed. - 5.&5c;
Powdered 5.70c; Candy Granulated. 5.70c; Dry
Granulated fine, 5.60c; Dry Granulated, coarse,
5.60c; Fruit • Granulated. 6.60c; Beet Granu
lated (100-lb bags only). 5.40c: Confectioners'
A 6 60c- Magnolia A. 6.20c; Extra C, 5.10c;
Golden C 5c; "D," 4.90c; barrels. 10c more;
half barrels 25c more; boxes, 50c more; 60-lb
bags 10c more for all kinds. Tablets — Half
barrels 6,10c; boxes, 6.35c; H. A E. Crystal
Dominos 8.50c per lb. No orders taken for
less than seventy-five barrels or its equivalent.
CANNED SALMON— Is dull at $1 25@1 30
for Alaska red and 50@«5c for pink. The East
ern and English markets are also very quiet.
CANNED VEGETABLES — Corn rules firm,
but Tomatoes are weak, with a large pack..
CANNED FRUITS— Rule firm, with stocks
considerably brokon.
General Merchandise.
GAME — Mallard : Rucks, $3^4 per dozen-
Canvasback. $496; Sprig. *2 »0®3 50; Teal'
5150; Widgeon, fl 50; small Ducks. $1 so-
Gray Gecr*. $3@3 50; White Gees-?, $l«*
2; Brant. ?1 50 for 6mall and $2 50 for large-
English Snipe. $3; common Snipe XI Ti'
Wild Doves, $1 25; Rabbits. $1 75 for Cotton
tails and $1 25 for Brush; Hare, $1 25?
POULTRT— DresfwMi Turkeys, 20®24c D*r
lb; live Turkeys, 17019c per lb for young and
14@16c for old: Ceose. per pair. *1 75S2- Gos
lings. ?2#?2 25: Ducks, $4^5 per dozen for
old and JSSe for young: Hens, *4 50® 5 80 for
small and $*87 for large: young Roosters $5 50
«6 50; old Roosters. $4 B0@5: Fryers $5(5.-) 50-
Broilers. $3 50@4 60 for large and $3@3 60 for
small; Pigeons. $1#1 25 per dozen for old and
$2.ga 25 for Squabs. • ......
There were liberal receipts of Game and there
was a general decline In Wild Ducks which
constituted the bulk of the receipts. The lower
prices, however, tended to Increase the demand
and th<» market was well cleaned up at the
close. Hare, too, were easier under heavy sup-
Receipts of domestic Poultry were light and
there was continued firmness in all descriptions,
particularly large young Chickens, and young
Roosters and large Broilers were quoted higher
About 15 cases of dressed Turkeys came In and
eold at a wld« range as to quality. Large j-oun*
Gobblers were wanted and brought 22g"4o with
out difficulty, while Hens were inclined to drag
at 20@21c. A car of Western Poultry will be
marketed to-day. ¦ .
Poultry ami Game.
Creditors of F. B. Dallam & Co.. mer
chants of this city, filed a petition in the
United States District Court yesterday
asking that the firm be declared an In
voluntary insolvent. The petition recites
that on October 30 of this year the firm
admitted in writing that it was unable to
pay its debts. Stephen G. Spier, a hotel
keeper of this city, filed a petition stat
ing his liabilities at f 1157 and bis asseu
at nothing.
Insolvency Hatters.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock. ¦ delivered In San Francisco, less 60
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:. ¦
CATTLE — Steenr 8©9c: Cows and Heifer*.
7@8c: thin Cows 4@3c per pound.
CALVES — 4@4%c per pound (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers, 3*i@4c; Ewes, 3H©3%c
per pound (gross weight).
LAMBS — 4%®5c per lb.
HOGS— Live Hogs 150 to 250 lbs. 6%©5%e:
under 150 lbs. 0@5%c; Sows 20 per cent off;
Boars. 50 per cent off. and Stags. 40 per cent
oft from above quotations;
VEAL— Large. 708%e; email. 8#9%o per Ib.
, MUTTON— Wethers. 7%©8%e: EWes. 8@S%o
per lb.
- LAMB— »%ei0o per Ib.
PORK— Dressed Hogs, 7% ©9c per lb.
• LIVESTOCK MARKET.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as' follows: ...
BEEF — 6@7o for Steers and 5ff«c per Ib for
Cow*.
DRESSED MEATS.
No further decline in Hogs is reported. The
other descriptions are also unchanged.
Meat Market.
When the case of Josie Hart, alias Mar.
tin, charged with assault to murder for
shooting Frank Moss, a hackman. In a
saloon at 10 Mason street on Tuesday
morning, came up before Police Judge
Fritz yesterday Moss Informed the Judge
that he did not know who fired the shots
at him and refused to swear to a com
plaint against the woman. The Judge de
clined, to dismiss the case, and instructed
Policeman Ilurd to subpena all the people
who were In the saloon at the. time to
appear In court this morning.
Moss Refuses to Prosecute.
,' WATER : STOCKS. ,
, Contra Costa 40 ¦ JPort Oo«ts>. . — ¦¦—',
Marin Co .... 61 *— jSp V W- Co. 38% S$%
OA8 AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. 8% — S F Q * E. 69% 69»J
Mutual E L. 9 11 S F Gas L. . 3 —
Pao G Im.. 65 55% Stkn O & E. 5 —
Pao L Co... 55«1 — ' U G A E... —
fiac B G&R. — — - . r
TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES.
B F O & E. 69?i 70
INSURANCE.
Firem's Fnd.320 , —
BANK STOCKS.
Am Nat Bk. — 125 LP A A... '— 170
Anglo-Cal .. — 87 Mer Trust..23O —
Bank of Cal. — 460 Merch Ex .. — —
Cal Safe Dp. — 160 S F' NaUonl ¦*-
First Natlonl — —
SAVINGS BATIKS.
Ger SAL.. — — Sav & L So. 05 100
Hum StL.— — See Sav Bk.40O 500
Mutual Sav.. 98 110 Union T Co. — —
S F Sav U.COO —
, STREET RAILROADS.
California .. — 205 IPresldio 89 —
Geary — go J
POWDER.
G «*nt 64 65 /Vigorit — *H
SUGAR.
Hana P Co. 6O0 70c Kilauea S C. — «
Hawaiian a 44 48 Makawell C. 23% —
Honokaa S C 13 13^ Onomea S C. 31% 33
Hutch S P C 10U 10% Paauhau S C 15U 18
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack. 148 — {Oceanic S C. — 6
V.*'.^' 1 As> Zi W Pac A F A. 3 3%
Cal Wln« As. »0 — I Pac C Borax.167 • —
Morning Session.
Board —
23 Cal Win« Assn. s 80.'........... 90 00
25 Hutchlnson S P Co 10 50
25 Hutchinson 8 P Co 10 37%
25 8 F Gas A Electric Co, b 10 69 00
6 8 y Gas A Electrio Co... 69 00
60 SDrtn* Valley Water C» 87 00
60 Spring Valley Water Co 37 12%
45 Spring Valley Water Co 87 25
20 Spring Valley Water Co 87 60
10 Spring Valley Water Co 37 62%
28 Spring Valley Water Co 88 00
10 Spring Valley Water Co. s 90... 87 23
Afternoon Pinion.
Board—
6 Cal Wln» Asm 90 60
10 Cal Win* Assn. b 5... 90 CO
10 Cal Wine Assn. s 90 00 00
. 100 Hutchlnson 8 P Co ........... 1037%
800 8 F Oaa & Electrio Co.. 69 25
20 S F Gas A Electrio Co 60 37%
6 Spring Valley Water Co 39 60
105 Spring Valley Water Co 3S 23
60 Trust Cert (S F G & E)...... 60 00
California Stock and Oil Exchange
Oil stock — Bid. Asked.
Alma 1 40
Apollo .; 40 ....
Associated Trust Cert 19 23
Aztec • 85
California Standard .... 10
Caribou 90 j 00
Central Point Con .......... 63 .'..;
Chicago Crude 19 • 2O
Claremont ...... 22 30
Esperanza 1 60 ....
Four ......... ¦ 67 69
Fulton 4 50 ....
Giant ............ .... ¦ 20
Hanford ........... .... 140 00
Home .......... ............. 05 97Vi
Imperial 18
Independence 18 17
Junction ......... 18 ....
Kern SOU 8 12%
Keren River .... 13 00
Lion .._ 03 C4
Monarch of Arizona .... 60
Monte Crlsto *....... SO '.'...
Occidental of W Va 18 20
Oil City Petroleum 27 23
Peerless 13 75 14 25
Pittsburg 25
Reed Crude .... .... j
S F and McKlttrick 2 73 ....
San JoajQuin O & D .... ....
Senator 63 75
Sovereign 37 41
Sterling 2 60 ....
Superior... 04 06
Thirty-Three 7 50
Toltec 22 25
Twenty-Eight 8 «0 4 30
West Shore -.. 2 90 *....
Miscellaneous —
Abby Land and Imp ...» 1 50
Alameda Sugar 29 00
American Biscuit 93 00
American District Tel .... ....
Cal Gas A Electric Corp ....
Cal Cotton Mills S3 CO ....
Cal Jockey Club 104 P0
Cal Shipping Co ¦'.... 25 00
Cal Title Ins and Trust 130 00 140 00
Central Bank of Oakland 6O 00 ....
Chutes Company 7 50 8 2S
Cypress Lawn Imp Co 6 M 7 25
Fischer's Theater .• 2 00 2 25
Gas Consumers' Assn 22 50
Honolulu Sugar 14 60 . ....
Northern Cal Power 9 CO
North Shore Railroad 6 00 ....
Orpheum Company 15 23 16 23
Pacific States Tel A Tel..... 113 00
Parafflne Paint •* "- S3 00 ....
San Francisco Drydock ..... 47 00 ....
Sanitary Reduction Works... 1 50 3 00
Sausallto Land and Ferry... 1H Oil ....
Sperry Flour Company 27 50 30 00
Standard Electric IS 00
Tesla. Coal Co .... 32 60
Truckee Electrio 13 ....
Union Sugar 22 80 ....
United Gas & Electric 34 80 ....
SALES.
Morning Session.
Board —
200 Monarch Oil .. *3
Afternoon Session.
Board—
150 Monte Crlsto Oil 85
100 Monarch Oil • «»0
Street—
60 Eern Oil ...^jj^j_~^. c 8 00
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange board yesterday:
Morning Session.
700 Andes 13) 900 Justice 02
300 Caledonia ....1 05 100 Mexican..... 84
4O0 Con C A Va.l 00 200 Ophlr 143
100 Crown Point.. 13 100 Overman .... 15
300 Exchequer ... 12 300 Savage 15
100 Gould A Cur. 22 300 Savage 14
>000 Julia 06' 100 Sierra Nev .. 32
Afternoon Session.
1000 Belcher 091 200 Potosi It
600 Caledonia ....1 00 300 Savage 14
BOO Chollar 10 200 Beg Belcher.. 08
600 Exchequer ... 12 100 Sliver Hill... Bi
200 Hale A Norcs 4S
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on tha Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
300 Chollar ...... 10 100 Mexican M
600 Con Imperial. 03 100 Sierra Nev . . 32
500 Gould. & Cur. 22 -200 Union Con .. 43
500 Justice 01 200 Yellow Jacket 34
700 Justice 02 .
• Afternoon Session.
?00 Andes l«l 100 Ophir ......1 42%
200 Belcher • 00 200 Ophlr 1 40
600 Chollar . ... . . 101 500 Overman .... lfl
200 Con C A Va.1 00 700 Overman .... 15
300 Crown Point. 12 200 Sierra Nev .. 30
200 Gould A Cur. 22 4000 Silver Hill .. 63
500 Justice ...... 0l( 200 Silver Hill .. 53
500 Justice 02 2000 Silver Hill .. 31
600 Mexican 84 1 200 Union Con .. 43
300 Mexican ..... SO 1
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
. Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
* Morning Session.
1000 Esperanza ... 02 1 100 Ton A Cal .. .21
100 Rescue ...... 03 1 100 Ton Midway. . 35
100 Ton A Cal .. 221
Afternoon Session.
200 Cent Eureka.. 85 1 S0O Mont Ton ... 99
100 Cent Eureka.. 841 100 Mont Ton ...1 00
200 Cent Eureka.. 83 tOCO Paymaster ... 11
100 Cent Eur«ka.. 82 1 100 Rescue ...... 04
10O Dutch M A M 40 100 Rescue - 05
100 Dutch MAM 39 600 Rescue, 31
100 Dutch MAM 38l 200 Ton A Cal... 22
5000 Esperanza ... 02 1500 Ton N Star.. 81 ,
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAT,' Nov. 12^ — 4 p. m-
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha ....03 06 Julia 03 . 09
Alta ©2 03 Justice 01 03
Andes 15 16 Kentuck .... 03 01,
Belcher ...... CS 10 Keyes O ....1 80 —
Best A B ...1 35 1 40 Mexican 82 83
Bullion ...... 07 09 Occidental ... -23- 24
Caledonia ....1 00 1 05|Ophir .......1 40 1 45
Chal Con .... 20 24iOverman .... 15 16
Chollar ...:.. 10 11 Potosl ...... 09 10
Confidence... 60 65 Savage 14 13
C C A Va ..1 00 1 05 Scorpion .... 01 03
Con Imp .... 03 04 Seg Belch ... OS 09
Con NY .... 03 06 Sierra Nev .. .30 33
Crown P.... 12 14 Silver HUl ... 48 50
Eureka Con . — 50 St Louis ..... 11 —
Exchequer .. 12 13]Syndlcat« .... — 06
Gould AC... 21 22 Union Con ...41 43
Hale- At N .. 4S. 46 Utah 11- 12
Lady Wash.. 03 041 Yellow J 33 56
TOXOPAB MINES.
¦ Bld.Ask.y-' "Bid.Ask.
folehan ..... — IS Rescue ...... 03 05
nsperanra ... 01 02 T Belmont'.:." — 98
Hannapah — 1«:T A Cal...... — 22
Lucky ,T 01 04,T M Of Nev..3 50 5 50
MacNamara . 10 14 North - Star... - 30 32-
Montana T... 99 1 00 T Midway '.. 34 87
New -York T. 05 United ¦ Ton... — 12
Paymaster . . 08 — I. . . • -. '
Lumber Exports in October.
Denver * Rio O-. 17%|AmerV & F pfd. 65 J4
D & R O pfd 62 Am LiV«eed Oil.. 8%
i:ri* 25»$ Am Lin Oil pfd.. 25
Trie let pM e5ViiAmer Locomotive. 12U
Hrle 2d pfd AT Am Loco PM.... i*%
C.T**t North pfd. 160 Am Smelr & Ref. 42
' Hocking VaJley... 69 Am S & R pfd S9H
Hocking Vai pfd. 79V4 Amer Sugar Ref . .115^i
Illinois Central... 127ft Anaconda Mfciing. 62
Iowa Central 19 Brklyn Rap f/ans 38
Iowa Cen pfd 31 Colo Fuel &. I»on. 25%
K C Southern 1*>4 Colum & H Coal. 8
K C South pfd... 29 Consolidated Gde.l<5
Louis & Nash P9%iGeneraJ Electric. .146^i
Manhattan L 137 Intrntl Paper 10
Metropolitan Ry. .110«4!Interntl Paper pfd £1
Minn & St Louie. 48 Irtferntl Pump 30
MlMOtirt Pacific. . 87%'ln.\fntl Pump pfd €S
Mis, Kan & Tex. 16 National Biscuit.. 34?4
M. K A T pfd.. 33% National Lead 11
K'tl RRof Mex pfd 36>4 North American.. 70
Kew York Cen. ..114*4 Pacific Mall 23
Korfolk A West.. 53?* People's Ga» 93%
Nor & West pfd. SO Pressed Steel Car. 28
irorth Securities.. 83% Pressed S C? pfd. «7J£
Ontario & West.. 1»H Pullman Pal pir.210
Pennsylvania ...•.lllVn Republic Steel 6%
P. C. C & St L. 65 Rep Steel pfd «S^*
Reading 3S»; Rubber Goods 13%
Reading 1st pfd.. 7«H Rubber Goods pfd 68
Reading 2d pfd.. 56 Tenn Coal & Iron. 26»4
Bock Island Co.. 22% US Leather 7
Rock Isl Co pM. 67 U S Leather pfd.. 75^
?tL & EF 1st pfd. <?0 US Rubber n\i
«tL & SF 2<J pfd. 44»4 V S Rubber pfd.. 35^4
St Louis S XV... 12 US Steel 10^»
6t L & S W pM. 2fl US Steel pfd... Rl»4
Pt P«ul 1X5T4 Western Union... 82*£
Ft Paul pf<1 172
Total Bales for the day. 770,100 shares.
UNITED RAILROADS OF BAN FRANCISCO.
NEW TORK. Nov. 12.— Bond transactions
United Railroads of San Franclsoo: 10.000 at
$76 fi.
NEW TORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s. r*g. .IWSiL & N unified 4s. P?%
Do coupon 106^ Man con rold 4s.l02i.4
Do 3s. reg M?%jM«( Cent 4s 70
Do coupon 107?* ] Do l*t inc 144
Do iw-w it. reg.l34i*'M!nn & St I> 4s.. »9
Do loopon 134 jM, K A Tex 4s... P714
Do old 4s, reg.ll6«ii Do 2ds 75',§
Do coupon 110% iN R of Mex con4s 74
Do 5ji, reg 10Hi,N T C gen 3»4s.. MV,
Do coupon 101 WN J C ren 5s l5o
Atch g«i 4» «BT4 Nor Pac 4» 102
Do adj 4» 86 Do 3s finv
Atlantic C Llne4s »m Nor & W con 4s. »T
Bal & Ohio 4s... 100% Or S L 4s & part. fllU
Do 3H« »5 Pa ronv 34s tn\
Central of Ga 5s.lO4 Reading Gen 4s.. 94%
Do 1st Inc .... 64 S L & I M con BS.IIOT4
Ch«s & Ohio 4^s.lo.4,S L & S F fg 4s. SHi
Chi & Alton 3^i«. 73 1st Louis SW lsts 02"
C. B & Q n«w 4s. »4 Seaboard A L 4s. 67U
CM* StP gn4s.lP9 so Pac 4a £*>*«,
C * NW con 7S..13OU So Ry 6n 112U
C R I 4 Pae 4s.. tlH Tex & Pae lste..ll«
Do col 5s 72 T, S L & W 4s.. rjt\,
C.C.C & StL gn4s JW5*4 Union Pac 4« ...IO214
' Chi Term 4» 75H Do conv 4s ..'.. 93%
Con Tobacco 4s... 54 US Steel 2<t 5s.. «V>ii
Colo & So 4s 84 WabaFh lsts 113
Den & Rio G 4».. P9 Do deb B 53%
Erie prior lien 4s. 9SH W & L Erie 4s... S7«
Do gen 4s 83% Wls Cent 4s .... SO
F W & D C lsU.106H Colo F con 5s 68
Hock Val 4Hs...lO5^
NEW TORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 10! Little Chief 06
Alice HiOntarlo 4 00
Breece lOiOphir 1 35
Bruns Con 02 Phoenix 07
Com Tunnel O'jPotosi 08
Con Cal A Va... ft 1 ..Savasre 12
Horn Silver .... 1 00, Sierra Nev....... 28
Iron Sliver 1 70 Small Hopes .... 20
Leadvllle Con ... 02 .Standard 2 00
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — | Do prefd 50%
Call loans 5 €?6 Westlngh Com .. €6
Time loans SViS^I Mining —
Bonds — -Adventure 4
Atchlson 4s 99H Allouei 4%
Mex Cent 4s ... CS Amalgamated ... 38
Railroads — Blngham 21
Atchison C2*4 Calumet & Hecla.440
Do prefd SS»i Centennial 15
Borton & Albany. 248 ICopper R&nge .. 43^4
Boston & Maine.. 170 ! Dominion Coal .. 71",
Boeton L 139H'Franklin 7^
N T N H & II.. 194»i lisle Royale .... 5V*
Fltchburg prefd...l25 (Mohawk "... 46
Union Pacific ... 69%)Old Dominion .. 9
Mexican Central . SVa'.Osceola' G5»£
Miscellaneous — j Parrot 17
Amer Sugar 114HQulncy 65
Do prefd 118»i Santa Fe Copper. 1»£
Amer T & T 124>*|T»marack .... .. 85
Dominion I & S. 7^ Trinity 5
On EXMric 146 United States ... 17%
Mass Elec 1<W Utah 27
Do pr»>fd 76 Victoria 2H
United Fruit 05 Winona 7%
U S Steel lOVii Wolverine ....... 45
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS. '
Ton for money 67tJ!New York Cen. ..119%
;?on for account... S7%; Norfolk & West.. 57 %
t.naconda 3H! Do pfd 89
Atchison 65»» Ontario A West.. 20«
Do pfd 92 (Pennsylvania .... 58**
Balt'& Ohio 76 Vi Rand Mines »
Canadian Pacific. 1 21 Vj Reading 21%
Ches & Ohio 29«ii Do 1st pfd 39
Chi Great West.. 15«4! Do 2d pfd 30
C. M & Et P 141^, Southern Ry 17%
D* Beers 2«H Do pfd 75
Denver & Rio G.. 1»M Southern Pacific 42 9t
Do pfd CR Union Pacific 72%
Erie 27% Do pfd 88
Dolrt pfd 6814 U 8 Steel 11«
too 2d pfd 49% Do pfd 63»i
Dllnois Central... IX?^ Wabash 19
Louis & Nash 102% Do pfd 83U
Mis. Kan& Tex.. 16% **
Bar silver, firm. 26 0-16d per ounce. Money.
3%€4 per cent. The rate of discount in the
open market for short bills Is 4HQ4>£ per cent
and for three months' bills 4^(3-414 per cent.
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW TORK. Nor. 12.— FLOUR— Receipt*.
24.533; exports. 22,850. Unsettled, weak and
lower to cell.
WHEAT— Receipts, 29.250 bushels; exports,
176.923 bushels. Spot, easy; No. 2 red, S3%c;
No. 1 Northern Duluth. 85%c f. o. b. afloat;
No. 1 hard Manitoba, nominal, f. o. b. afloat.
On foreign buying of December and a feeling
that spring wheat receipts were too light,
wheat opened firmer. Then, yielding to ag
greselve bear tactics. It weakened for a time,
but rallied again on big seaboard clearances.
The close was %c net decline. May. 80*40
81%c. closed fc0%c: July closed 78i4c; Decem
ber 83%0S4 3-1 0c. closed 83%c.
HOPS— Steady.
HIDES— 8teady.
WOOL— Firm.
PETROLEUM— Firm.
COFFEE — SpofRlo, steady; No. 7 invoice,
6Uc: mild. firm. The market for futures was
unchanged to 5 points lower, with sales of
80,000 bags Including: November. 5.40?g5.50c;
December 5.45f?5.€0c; January, 5.50@5.56c:
March 5.75g5.90c; May 5.85@6.10c; July, 6.00
flC.05c; September, 6.20S6.3OC; October, 6.30
©6.35c. :
SUGAR — Raw, nominal: centrifugal. 96 test,
3*i£3 13-ltic; refined, quiet.
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES-^-Th© market ehows
no Important change so far as epot quota
tions are concerned, though prime fruit for
future delivery is rather easier. Common are
quoted at 4©£%e; prime, 5%G0c; choice, 6@
6%c; fancy, 7c
PRUNES — Are quiet. Quotations range from
2% ©7e for all grades. -
APRICOTS — Are steady to firm. Choice are
held at 9WC»%c; extra choice. 10©10%c;
fancy. 11©12%c w
PEACHES— Are in Jobbing demand and
about steady. Choice are quoted at 7UG7%c
extra choice at 7%G8Vic and fancy at 9V«9
lOUe. ¦ - - . .
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO. Not. 12. — Foreign wheat markets
•bowed the effects of the severe • decline here
yesterday and ruled lower, and the depression
abroad brought out heavy selling of . both De
cember and May deliveries at the opening. De
cember was unchanged to Vie lower at 76%c to
~6%c.at the. start.; but after selling; at 76c
the sentiment , changed and the market ¦ rave
-VEGETABLES— Green Peas. 2S"3%c per Ib*
String Beans, 2%@3%c per lb; Wax 203iic :
Lima Beans. 3%@5e per lb; Tomatoes. 30060c
per box; Summer Squash. 75#90o per box* Cab
bage, 00c per ctl; Carrots, 75c per sack: Cucum
bers. 6O#75c per box; Garlic, 4i3Sc per lb- Green
Peppers. 25#40c per box for Chile and 35Q50c
for Bell; Green Okra. per box;' Egg Plant
40>350c per box: Marrowfat Squash. IIOQIS ner
ton; Hubbard, $15^20. '^ ™ r
i The vegetable " market was - amply supplied
with most descriptions and .trade waa quiet,'
owing to the rain. Peas and Beans arrived
freely from Los Angeles and nearby sections/
and -choice offerings were pteady. Bummer
Squash frcm Los Angeles was offering at 50®
75c per small box, hut «old Elowly. Offerings In
large boxes were higher.- Green Peppers from
Stockton showed the effects of the recent frosts
and were hard to dispose of. although offered at
low , prices. Receipts of Tomatoes were light
And chiefly of poor quality, owing to the rain,
and fanry stock did better. Some well known
brands of fancy *tock were firmly held at 76o
per box, but few eales were reported at that fig
ure.
POTATOES — Burbanks from the river 600
75c per ctl: Salinas Burbanks, $1Q1 35 r*,. ct j.
Oregon Burbanks, 75c(gjl 10 per ctl; River Red*'
60© 03c per ctl: Sweet Potatoes, $1 25 per ctl '
ONIONS — 85c@*l per ctl for fancy and 500
@7f«c for lower grades. . . . '¦ - • • ¦ .
Receipt* of Potatoes were liberal and eoniist
ed chiefly of river Burbanka, which were firmly
held, as dealers expected that the rain would
lessen the receipts. Salinas and 'Oregon Bur
banks were In good request and the latter were
quoted higher. The steamer due from Portland
will bring about 1800 , Backs, Including several
hundred sacks of Garnet Chiles. The market
was overstocked with Sweet Potatoes and a
freshly arrived carload from Merced moved
elowly at the familiar quotation. Fancy
Onions had a further advance, supplies being
very light. Common and Inferior offerings con
tinued very dull. . ,¦
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Richard Eccleston. statistician for th«
United States . Immigrant bureau, has
filed the- following" report of the- immigra
tion at this port during the month of Oc
tober: Total admitted, 1063, of whom 139
were tourists and S64 Immi?rant9. Of
these 230 were Chinese, 233 English. 200
Japanese, 36 Scandinavians. 23 Germans.
19 Mexican, 13 Scotch. 17 Spanish-Ameri
can, 13 French and 8 Spanish. The occu
pations were: Merchants, 214; mariners,
109; farmers, 27; laborers, 27; clerks, 26;
engineers, 11: servants, 32; painters and
machinists, 9 each; carpenters. S; teach
ers, 7;, miners. 7; artists, 4; clergr. 4: mis
cellaneous, 351; no occupation. 253; Sixty
one Immigrants wera debarred during the
month.
England Leads, China Cornea Second,
and Japan a Good Third in tho
Race.
OCTOBER'S IMMIGRANTS
MORE THAN A THOUSAND
A local house reports as follows on Wool :
"The Wool traffic, both East and Went. Is very
unsatisfactory, i Many of the large dealers hava
heavy stocks at seaboard . points and their in
ability to move them accounts largely for the
present inactivity in the local market. When
manufacturers reduce supplies and when busi
ness in woolen fabrics shows a marked im
provement over the present dullness In this line
renewed activity. Is looked for in W00L The
various scouring establishments are running to
a limited extent, but they -have not been as
actively , employed during the season as they
would have been under healthy market con
ditions."
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brand* sell
•ibout 1%O under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers.- 9c; medium. 8c; light. 7%c; Cow Hides.
7%o for heavy and 7%c for light; Stags. Be;
Salted Kip, 9o; Salted Veal, 10c; Salted Calf.
10%@llc; dry- Hides. 16c; dry Kip. 13c; dry
Calf. 19c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 25g30e each;
short Wool. 40<g60o each; medium .7Q@90c;
long Wool. $1®1 60 'each; -Horse Hides, salt.
$2 70 for large and $2{?2 SO for medium. $1 25
@1 70 for email and 60c for Colts; Horse Hides,
dry "SI .75 for large and $1 60 for medium. $19
1 25 for small and 60c for Colts. Buck Skins
—Dry Mexican. 82c; dry salted Mexican, 26c;
dry Central American, 82c. Goat Skins — Prime
Angoras. 75c: large and smooth, 60c; medium;
35c : small. 20c.
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered. 4%e per Ib; No.
2. 4c; grease. 2%@3c .
WOOL — Fall clip — San Joaquln Lambs' 90
lie; Middle County, ll®12c:. Northern Free,
11012c; Northern Defective. 10@llc: Humboldt
and Mendocino. 12@14c; Nevada, 13©15c; Ore
gon fine, 18® 19c; Oregon medium. 17c per lb.
HOPS — 20®23c per lb.
Hides, Talloiv, Wool and Hops.
' There is nothing new under this head. Beans
are: still inactive and easy, while there is not
much movement In Seeds. -. :
-. BEANS— Bayos, $2 15@2 40; Pea. $3@3 25;
Butters, $3: small White. $2 80®3 10; large
White, $2 20^2 40; Pink, *2 15®2 35; Red. $2 00
6*3; Lima, ?2 75@2 96; Red Kidneys. $4 26;
Blackeye. ?2 15©2 35-per'ctl; Horse Beans,
$1 60ST2. . <
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $3; Yellow Mus
tard, $2 75®2 80; Flax, $1 70@l 60; Canary,
6@3%c for Eastern: Alfalfa, 12®13c: Rape,
1*©2%c; Timothy. 6®6%c: Hemp. 3H@3%c
per lb; Millet. 3@8%c; Broom Corn Seed. $200
23 per ton. • • •
DRIED PEAS— Green. Jl 80®3 per cU. '
Beans: and Seeds.
Local stack tr.arkct still quiet. ..V
Sterling Exchange very unsettled. SilvcrVccovcrsXsomrzvhat.
Nen' York stocks irregular ,, but . generally ibcak.
Cash and future Barley and fyitnrc Wheat looser.
Oats in fjif demand for seed. Com and Rye quiet.
Bran less depressed. Middiings\firm and Hay steady.
Xothing ficzv in Beans and Seeds.
Suffer steady. Eggs firm and Cheese plentiful. '»
jTrcrisicns about the same, Jure and elsezvhcre.i
Hogs in sufficient supply and unchanged. \
Supplies of Potatoes and Vegetables continue lar'gc. V
Poultry in light receipt and firm. Game plentiful.X
Rain affects trading in Fresh Fruits. \ \
Canned Salmon dull. Canned Fruit firmly held. \
IVool in liberal supply and dull \
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
COTTOUENE— One half barrel. ??4c: three
half barrels. 9Hc: one tierce. 9%c; two tierces.
9c; five tierces, 8%c per lb. •
Chicago was steadier, with light offerings
and some buying. This market was dull and
unchanged, g " ./
CURED MEATS — Bacon. 12c per lb for
heavy, 12%o for. light medium. 14%c for light.
16%o for extra light, . 18%q- for sugar-cured
and 20@21%c for extra sugar cured; Eastern
sugar-cured Hams 14%c; - California - Hams.
13%c; Mess Beef. (11 60 per bbl; extra Mess,
$12@12 60; Family, $13; prime Meaa Pork, $13;
extra clear, $24: Mess, $19; Dry Salted Pork,
12c: PlK Pork. $2S: Pigs' Feet. $5 25; Smoked
Beef. 15c per lb.
-LARD — Tierces; quoted- at 7%o per lb for
compound and 9c for pure; . half barrels, pure.
8%c; 10-lb tins. 0«4c; 6-lb tins, 9%c; 3-lb tins,
ioc,-- ¦-¦¦•¦ - - :¦¦.¦"¦•,-.¦¦¦.• •- ¦ .
Provisions.
promise of a material advance, commission
houses and ehorts being active buyers at the
lower prices. Offerings were light and with
prospects of bad weather In the near future
the market soon developed considerable
strength, December advancing to 78%e within
th« first hour. Later the demand dropped off
and with a disposition on the part of the local
traders to sell the market turned week. In
fluenced by declines in ail outside markets.
December sold off to 75%c and closed at 70s,
• lo»s of -\c" for the day.
Corn was easier at the opening:, duo to de
cidedly weak cables, ana many of the leading
bear operators were stUI on the selling side.
December ranged between 41%o and 42%0
42%c and closed 9»@Ho lower at 41%c Local
receipts were 203 cars, with 16 of contract
rrs.de. The tendency In the oat pit - was to
follow the action of other grains, and the
early market showed firmness, but heavy
liquidation late in the day. due to the week
ness In wheat and corn, caused a Revere de
cline. December closing Ti@lo lower at 33c.-
Provlsions were easier on scattered' selling
early In the day, but there was • enough de
mand from email packers and local shorts to
prevent any big decline. Tbebreak In grains
late In the day had a depressing influence, and
January pork closed 7%c lower. -vi."
Estimated receipts for to-morrow: Wheat.
120 cars; com. 240 cars; oats. 166 cars; hogt.
16.000 head.
The leading futures ranged aa follows: ,-
Article*— Open. ¦ High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2 — -
Dec. (new) 76% 76% " 75% 76
May 76% 76$ 76 76*4
July 73% 73H 73 73%
Corn No. 2 —
December 42U 42% 41% 41 %
May 41% 42 4l£ 41%
July 4114 41% 41% 41%
Oats No. 2 —
December 84% 84U 82% 83
May 85 85)4 84 34U
Mess Pork, per bbl —
January 11 67% H 62% 11 60 11 65
May ...11 70 11 72% 11 57% 11 65
Lard, per 100 lbs—
December 6 70
January 6 62% 6 67% 6 62% 6 67%
May 6 CO 6 65 6 60 6 62%
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
January 6 07% 6 10 6 0S 6 05
May T. 6 20 6 22% 6 15 6 20
Cash quotations were as- follows: Flour,
steady; No. 3 wheat, 75%®77c; No. 2 red. 78%
©77 Sc; No. 2 corn. 43c; No. 2 yellow. 42 %c;
No. 2 oat*. 33%c; No. 3 white. 34%@87e; No.
2 ry*. 63c; good feeding barley, 37@39e; fair
to choice malting. 47«f54c; No. 1 flaxseed, 91c;
No. 1 Northwestern, 96c; prime timothy seed,
$2 75; mess pork, per bbl. $11 80@ll 62%; lard,
per 100 lbs. $6 F7%©« $>0; short ribs sides
(loose). $7 25@7 75: short clear sides (boxed).
$6 75g« 87%; whisky, basis of high wln*s,
$1 26: clover, contract grade, $10 RO. .
Articles Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 37.800, 29,800
Wru?at, bushels 167.K0O 262.800
Corn, bushels 176.000 447.800
Oats, bushels 701,100 144,300
Rye bushels . 7.600 4,200
Parky, bushels 155.600 10,500
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was easy: creamery. 15S^l%c; dairy.
14{zl8%e; eggs, steady at mark, cases Included,
,22e24c;, cheese, easy, 10@llc.
Foreign Futures.
UVERPOOL.
TVhc^fc- Dec. March. May.
Op«3n?T. «*H 6 3% 6 3%
Closing ± 6 4% 6 3*8 6 3
PARIS.
Wheat ' Nov. Mar. -June.
Opening .4, 20 80 2O 05
Closing ..* 20 SO 20 90
yi^nr — i
Openuig ...». 29 SO 23 60
Closing 29 70 2S 60
Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Nov. 11.— CATTLE— Receipt*',
11.000, including 400 Texans and 500 Western;
good to prime steers. $5®5 70; poor to medium,
$3 25@4 75; stockers and feeders, $1 75@4 25;
cows $1 St"»S+; heifer*. $2S5; csnners, $1 60®
2 40- bulls, $1 75*34 2S; calves. $2f?7 50; Texas
fed steers, f2 7t@3 65; Western steers, $3®
4 60.
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 14,000; to-morrow,
18 000; 10c lower: mixed and butchers. $4 60®.
r> 05; good to ©choice heavy. $4 658S: rough
heavy, $4 20^4 00; light. ?4 45@5; bulk of
sales. $4 tWJ 1 90.
SHEEP — Receipts, 18,000; sheep and lambs
strong- rood to choice wethers, $3 75@4 25;
fair to choice mixed. $2 75@3 75: Western
sheep, S35J4; nalive lambs, $4@5 75; Western
Umb-. $4@5 15. jogEpH _ .
ST. JOSEPH. Mo., Nov. 12. — CATTLE — Re
ceipts, 1000; market quiet; native steers, $4 85
04 60; cows and helfere, $3 50@-t 60; stockers
and feeders, $2 60@4.
HOGS— Receipts. 600; eSlOc lower; light,
$4 5OS4 S5; medium and heavy, $4 30@4 65.
SHEEP — Receipts, 1326; steady; native
lambs. $5 50@G 80; ewes, $3 35.
Nezv York Metal Market.
VEW TORK, Nov. 12. — Tin again lower In
London spot closing at a decline of 10s to
£114 6s and futures 5s lower at £115 7s 6d.
Locally, tin was aulet and nominally lower
5 Copper had a slight recovery from yester
dav's break In London, spot closing at £56 5«
and futures 6* £55 17s 6d. Locally, copper
is rather unsettled and more or less quiet.
Lake is nuoted at $13913 60, electrolytic at
$1." 25 anJ casting at $13. _ -
I^ead was aulet and unchanged at $4 60 In
New York.
Spelter declined 2s 6d la London to £20 15s
6d. Locally. It was quiet and quoted at $5 75
Iron closed at 48s 9d in Glasgow and at 42s
9d in Mlddlesboro. Locally, iron was un
changed. No. 1 foundry, northern. Is quoted
at $16@16; No. 2 foundry. Northern, $14 25®
15- No. 1 foundry. Southern, and No. 1 foun
dry. Southern, eoft. $14@S14 25.
While the millers give a lower range of prices
for. Bran, they quote "the market aa somewhat
steadier, though dull. < Middlings rule firm.
There is no change In the Hay situation. ,
BRAN— *19 SCXgCO 60 per ton.
MIDDLINGS — $20028 per ton
SHORTS— $19 60©20 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Kolled Barley, $24 50@25 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. |20@28 50; Job
bing, *27©27 60; Cocoanut Cake. $21022; Corn
Meal, |30ffl81; Cracked. Corn, $30 50@«l 60;
Mixed Feed. 922 20323 60; Horse Beans. *30©
40 p«r ton. • ¦ .. '
* HAT— Wheat. $14016 50; Wheat 'and Oat.
$13 60@16 50; Oat. $12 60(^14 50; Wild Oat,
511 B0®13 50; Barley, $11@13; Stock. $10©ll;
Alfalfa, $10@12 60 per ton.
STRAW — *0@<»o per bale. .
Hay and Feedstuff s.
NUTS — Walnuts, No. 1 - sof tshell. 13% ©14c ;
No. 2, 11%@12c;. No. :1 hardshell. 13® LJHc;
No. ' 2, HSll'^c; : Almonds, lie for Nonpareils,
10Uc for i X L. lOVic (or Ne Plus Ultras and
8*4c for : Languedoc; Peanuts, - 6Qlo for East
ern; Pecans, ll@13c: Cocoa-nuts. $4 5035; Cali
fornia Chestnuts, lOQISc per lb.' - .
HONEY — Ccmb. new., 12314c for white and
filillc for amber: new water white extracted.
CHSCc; light amber extracted. 4^S5t»c; dark.
BE*ESWAX— 27©29o per lb.
Flour. $4 50&4 75: Cracked Wheat," $3 75;* Fa
rina, $4 50; Whole .Wheat Flour,- $3 50; Rolled
Oats, bbls,,$7 25@S 60; In sacks. $8 75@S 10;
Pearl. Barley, $«: Split Peas, boxes. $7; Green
Peas, $5 50 per 100 lbs.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1903. ¦""""*-
LOCAL MARKETS.
Convicted of Burglary.
John Moriarity. was convicted by, a jury
in Judge ; Dunne's court .' yesterday . on a
charge of burglary In the second degree,
and : was . ordered • to . appear ¦ for ' sentence
on Monday. He boarded the schooner
General Banning and stole tha ship's com-
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
11
OCEAN TRAVEL-
e Steamers leave Saa Fran-
cisco as follows:
For Ketchlkan. Wrangel.
Juneau. Haines, Skagway.
etc.. Alaska— 11 a. m.. Nov.
7. 12. 17. 22. 27, Dec. Z.
Change to company's steam-
ers at Seattle.
For Victoria, Vancouver.
__ Port Townsend. Seattle. Ta-
52™**, *£. erett « TVTJateora— 11 a. m.. Nov. 7.
wi 17 ' t2 ' **- Dec - 2— Change at Seattle to
this company's steamers for Alaska and O. N.
Ry. ; at Seattle or Tacoma to N. P. Ry.; at
\ancouver to C. P Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— Pomona. 1:30
P. m.. Nov. «. 12. IS. 24. 30. Dec. 6; Corona,
1:30 p. m.. Nov. 9. 15. 21, 27. Dec. 3.
For Los Angeles <vla Port Lob Angeles and
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara —
Santa Row, Sundays, 0 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and -East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara Santa Crua. Mon-
terey. San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford (Saa
Luis Obispo). Ventura and Hueneme.
Coos Bay. 9 a. a. Nov. 9. 17. 25. D«c. 3.
Bonlta. 9 a. m.. Nov. 5. IS 21 23, Dec 7.
For Ensraada. Magdalena Bay San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz. Santa Ro-
ealla Guaymas (Mex). 10 a. rr... 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain folder.
Right la reserved to change steamers or sail-
ing dates.
TICKET O?riCE8 — t New Montgom-
ery street (Palace Hotel), 10 Market street and
Broadway wharves.
Freight office. 10 Market street.
C D. DUNANN. General Passenger Agent,
10 Market street. San Francisco.
O.r/?. & N. CO.
"Columbia" sails Nov. 9. 19., 23. Dec 9, 19.
29. "George W. Elder" sails Nov. 14. 34.
Dec. 4. 14. 2 J. ¦ Only fieamship line to PORT-
LAND, OR., and short rail line from Portland
to all points East. Through tickets, to all
points, all rail or steamship and rail at LOW-
EST RATES. Steamer tickets include berth
and meala. Steamer sails foct of Spear i:.
at 11 «. m. 9. F. BOOTH. Gen. Agt. Pass.
Dept.. 1 Montgomery St.: C. CLIFFORD, Gen.
Agt. Freight Dept.. 3 Montgomery at.
TOYO RISEN KAISHA.
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.)
Steamers will leave wharf, corner Flrtt *nd
Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.. for YOKOHAMA
and HONGKONG, calling at Kobe (Hlogot.
Nagasaki and Shanghai, and rnnnccttng *t
Hongkong with steamers for India, etc. No
cargo received en board en day of sailing. ;
S. S. HONGKONG MARU
Thursday. December 3> 1903
S. S. NIPPON MARU (Calling at Manila) '
¦ ....... Wednesday. December 30." ldrtj
S. S. AMERICA MARU •;,.
Monday, January 23. 1904
Via Honolulu. Round-trip tickets at reduced
rates. For freight and passage apply at Com-
pany's office, 421 Market street, corner First.
VT. H. AVERY. General Agent.
0ceaBic8.sxo.s^^
S. S. SONOMA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney. Thursday. Nov. 19. 2 p. m.
S. B. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Nov. 23.11 a.m.
S. S. MARIPOSA, for Tahiti, D«c 1. 11 a. m.
tf.iP!ECCUtU0S.C0,lgti..TttitGiaB,8f3lotta
fntyttOGLUS BvMSUhrla. J.faofclt
tOWASmX 6ES1HALS T&AXlATLAHTlQ!r£
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS.
Sailing every Thursday lnst^d of wiSSNl
Saturday, at 10 *. m.. from Pier 42, • ¦' ¦'«* ,
North River, foot of Morton street.
First-class to Havre, $70 and upward. Sec-
ond-class to Havre. $45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson Bult«!ing>.
New York. J. F. FUOAZI 4 CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agenta.
Mara Island and Vails jo Steamer*."'
Steamer GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO—
0:45 a. m.. 3:15 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sunday.
Sunday, 9:43 a. m.. *:3O p. m. Leave VaU«jo.
7 a. m.. ll':30 and « p- m.. ex. Sunday. Bun-
day. 7 a. m.." 4:13 p. m. Fare, 50 cents. Tel.
Main 1508. Pier 2. Mission-it, dock, HATCH
AUCTION SALES
RED RIBBON SPEED SALE
£* OP-
TROTTING STOCK,
.Consisting of halt sisters of Dlrectum 2:U5!i.
John A." McKerron 2:C«»-i, Bay Rum 2:23-» 4 .-
Aigresor 2:11. etc.. a-nd the finest looking
TROTTERS and FACERS ever offered, by
such sires a3 McKinney 2:11 U. Rey Direc»
2:10. Direct 2:05%. Chas. Derby 2:20. Diabla
2:0»K. Silver Bow 2:ltt. Owyhee 2:11. Steln-
way 2:25»4. Hart Boswell, Geo. Washington
2:l«li, Monterey 2:0OVi. Dexter Prince. Guy
McKinney. Prince Nutwood 2:11 H. Aimont-
tion 2:24*i, etc.. consigned by Messrs. H.C.
Sanders. Jas. H. Gray. P. Foley. Geo. A.
Davis. P. J. Williams, Thcs. Smith, C. Becker,
E. C. Archer. L. M. La Setle and other well-
known horsemen.
NINE OK THE FINEST BROKE SHETLAND
PONIES. SURREY AND FOUR-IN-
HAND HARNESS.
X Span of Spotted Pintcs, Saddle Horses. Well-
Matched Teams. Fine Roadsters, Mares
•With Records. Young Stallions, etc.
TUESDAY EVENING, NOVEMBER 17, 1903,
Commencing at 7:3O.
Occidental Horse Exchange
246 Third St. Near Folsom
WM. G. LAYNG. Livestock Auctioneer.
Horses at yard Saturday, Nov. 14. until
evening of sale. ' - .;THE SAN TK A^CISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 13, l*>03.
12
CtAIRYOYANTg— Contlnneil. .
; MRS. A. H. Kronenberg, palmist, clairvoyant. I
j card reader, will give a good reading, 10c/ for
a short time only; when others fall try me to
convince yourself. 721 Franklin, near Turk.
MRS. SHAFER. clairvoyant.' card reader; sit-
tings dally. 448% Jessie St.. bet. 6th and 6th.
CARPET BEATIXG AXD CLEANING.
AIR compressed, dry, ice cold, is now univer-
sally used ln sanltAry cleaning carpets/ on
floor, without removal or injury: prices mod-
erate. Apply 8. F. COMPRESSED AIR
CLEANING CO.. Call bid.; phone Main 6237.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 355-357 Tehama St.; tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1S09 Har-
rlson st.; Al cleaning; 3c; tel. Mission 2-5.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating Co.. J. McQueen.
proprietor, . 329 Guerrero St., tel. Mission 49.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; pricea
reasonable. 1703 Harrison St.; tel.Mlsaion 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works,
833 Golden Gate ave.; telephone East 126.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made:
city or ' country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10; tel. 6586.
COTTAGES TO- LET.
COTTAGE — 4 eunny rooms, bath, basement and
very larse yard. 20 Harper st., near Thir-
tieth, bet. Sanchez and Noe.
$27 60— 6-ROOM cottage to let. Key at Park
House. 2304 Fulton st.
CB—DIT C— OT-CI— BS.
C F. ADAMS c6T
SPECIAL CREDIT STORE.
We clothe the whole family from hats to
shoes; everything up to date at cash prices.
Credit for all. 318 Mason st.
DENTISTS. 'jji
mC~GRU^SsT~604-5-6 Callaghan bldg., Market
and McAllister sts.. uses the Basford Obtun-
der, the only device ever invented for grind-
ing, drilling and excavating teeth absolutely
without pain. For demonstration and proof
call at office.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market. nr.Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone— cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs; crown, $3 50; fillings, 60c;
plates, $5; full ret; al work painless an<] war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush—
: Set teeth $1 60 up; crowns $2 up; fillings, 25c.
GOLD fillings. 75c; silver. 85e: crowns. $2; no
pain: open Sunday. Dr.O.B.Hewltt,204 Sutter.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
ACCORDION, sunburst & knife plaiting. Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory.110 Taylor.
MCDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School
— Any t>attern cut to measure. 1019 Market.
EDUCATIONAL.
! HEALD' S BUS IN EsTcOLLEG TeT sTpOSt" S.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy, Englirh branches; day
and night sessions ; illustrated catalogue free.
HINMAN'S Academy: a thorough school of
dancing; established 20 years. 1412 Polk st..
between Pine and California; both adult and
children's classes are now op?n for the season.
AYRES. the leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket St.; epeclal summer course in all depart-
ments: handsome catalogue free; life scholar-
ship, $5U; day and evening sessions.
CALIFORNIA Business College. 305 Larkln st.
"A thorough school"; positions secured for
graduates; modern methods; Individual in-
struction. Write for illustrated catalogue.
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for the university, law and medical colleges;
ref.. President Jordan or any Stanford profes-
sor; day and evening sessions. Pheian bldg.
THE PAUL GERSON School of Acting, the
foremost institution of the kind in the entire
West; 12 teachers: send for catalogue. Native
Sons' bid?., 414 Mason st. ,
A— SAN FRANCISCO Business College. 1236
Market st. — Practical, progressive, reliable;
day and evening sessions; write for catalogue.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday. Sun-
day evus.. Teutonla Hall, Howard St.. nr.
9th. Prof. Foster; society dancing taught.
1 ENGINEERING — Civil, elec., min., mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide: day. ev.; est. 154G4. Van
d«r Nalllen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
HEALD'S School Gf Mines & Electriclty724 Post
- St., S. F. ; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
GOLDEN Gate Com'l College. 530 Golden Gate
ave.; full business course; day and evening.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION.... ..Day and
PARTINGTON'S, 424 Pine st Night c!ass.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing/
. etc.: day or eve. $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. Cth.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
GEORGETAOKI, 421 Post st. ; tel. Bush 135—
Japanese-Chinese employment office; fur-
nishes best help; contracts for farm help, etc'
A — ORPHEUM Employment Of flee— Japane?--
CTiinese help. 420 Powell. Tel. Main 675*."
A — GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emn. Office. .'415
Stockton; tel. Grant 16S; expert, reliable help.
RELIABLE Japanepe^Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 61S8.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estah. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY A CO.. C40 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
! A NEAT Swedish girl (good cook) wants a
place at $25- where there is a second g«rl kept;
also a good strong Swedinh girl wants second
work. Call at MISS PLUNKETTS. 425 Sut-
ter St.. near Powell. ;'. . :
REFINED American woman wishes to take
charge of a rooming-house of about 25 rooms;
will do the work; salary $35 and room. Ad-
dress J. H. S., box 2918, Call office.
YOUNG lady would like , situation In candy
store; has experience and best of references.
Box 2950, Call office. "
A COMPETENT dressmaker wishes engage-
ments; $1 60 per day; references. Box 2946,
Call office. - . ,
WOMAN with references desires washing,
housework, by the day; terms $1, carfare.
Address box 2954, Call office. ' ' - <
A YOUNG girl would like to be a companion to
a lady in a hlgh-dasn family;, speaks French;
live with parents. 109 Day et., corner Dolores.
GOOD Japanese girl, is a good cook, will do
housekeeping; small family. 1239 Stevenson.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
A SITUATION desired enfgood private' place,
city or suburbs, by an experienced • young
. man, DanUh, capable taking care of horses,
garden,' etc., and is a first-class driver; ref-
erences. Box - 2955, Call.
YOUNG man would like situation; any kind
of work; can speak six languages; best, of
references. W. V. JUSSAETIT. 711 Califor-
nia st.
STRONG willing young man would like' a po-
sition in a wholesale - house; can make
himself generally useful. Box 2045. : Call/
YOUNG man, well acquainted with city.' wants
position as salesman - or collector; best . of
. • references. Box 2901. Call , office. .
GERMAN, architectural drapghtsraan, desires
work; would also do any kind of work. Box
2IU7. Call office. . -...-. '
MAN/- 30 ¦ years old, wants position - as ship-
ping • clerk; good . letters and references. _/
MARTIN, 632 Third St. , ; -..¦-:
MAN wants situation as porter or utility man
about hotel. Address Porter, 614 Kearny gt.
COACHMAN and gardener; all • round" handy
man : best references. Box 2956, Call office.
STRICTLY temperate honest ¦ retired r sea cap-
¦ tain - desires suitable employment.'' such as
ihipkeeper, wharfinger or' ln command- of
yacht or steam launch,'- etc.-. Address ¦ R. F.,
postofflce box 2103. San Francltco.; Cal.
I SINGLE.' middle-aged, capable American, best
of references, will care for gentleman's place,
- Alameda • or near suburbs, . for '. lodging and
-provisions. Address 321 Ellis st.; rocm 69. .7
POSITION wanted ¦ as collector, .. salesman or
assistant bookkeeper by experienced and en-
_. ,ergetic man; city references.'. Box S437,:Call.'
PROFESSIONAL photographer,'- wlth.7^ years'
experience, desires situation. ¦"• Address- Pro-
fessional Photographer, box 3431, Call, t c
WATCHMAN, first-class references ' from ; Gov r
,'•'• eminent;': wants position. Call 944 Howard st
CHINESE, good' cook,: desires -a position in
family; city or '¦'¦ country;' best 'references.
734A Jackson st.. room 21. Phone between 9
and 12 a. m.; ChlnaT146. -
YOUNG Japanese, boyiwants:posltlonto-.help
photographic business; ' has '• good {experience.;
- M.' McKEE. 1703, Market -St. . ¦: : - "
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions ! received : at
-Call Branch office,, cor. Duncan A Church' sts."
A BRANCH officeifor Call "advertisements 'and
- subscriptions ' has 5 been established at . 1096
Valencia' st. .,•:'" -\ ' - : BDA
- FLATS TO LET.
A— HOUSES and flats to let; an immense list;
service absolutely free ; take advantage of
this department; it will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., 245-259 Geary
St., on the square.
ALL of the most desirable fiats and houses are
listed in our renting department; let us give
you a list and help you find one ln the loca-
tion you want. STERLING FURNITURE
COMPANY. 1039 Market st.: services abso-
lutely free. .
JONES, 810, near O'FarreU— Rear lower flat,
three sunny rooms; large cellar: rent |15.
ELLI8. 810. nr. Polk— For business purposes: 3
¦ rms.; all conveniences: electric light, power.
$18— Upper flat to let. 018 Jersey, near Twen.
¦ ty-fourth: 8 rooms' and bath.
FLATS FOR SALE — FURNISHED.
$375 — 5 ROOMS and. bath; handsome carpets
and furniture: worth double; before- 12 or
, after 6 p. m. ' 354 Oak st.
' .-"-VvV- FURMTURE FOR SALE.
$20 WILL buy furniture of a 3-room flat if sold
to-day; rent $5. 52 Jessie gt.
FURNITURE WANTED.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission, phone Red 4462.
' buys, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpets.
HIGHEST price for furniture and mdse. L. H.
BURP, auctloneer.1818 Mkt. ;tel.Howard 2766.
., XASSAQB.
A— WRINKLES removed; fine complexion guar-
anteed., new method: 50c. M. LUTON. mani-
curing parlors. $64 Larkln *t.: phon* Polk 17.
;;j;HELP WAXTED— FEMALE. . . 2 •;,.'.
WAJJTED — Cook.^^mall sanitarium, $35; cook,
no; wash, ; $35;, cook,- girt - students, $3S;' cook,
small boarding-house, $30; 2 parlor maids.
$M; 4 recond girls. $25; chambermaid, wait
one meal, $25; 4 waitresses, commercial ho-
tels, country, $25, fare' paid; 3 nurse girls,
$20-$25; laundress, private family, $30;.. '«
laundresses, institutions, $20-$25-$30; 1J4 girls
for housework, $25 and $.'J0; housework, Ala-
meda, $30, and others. Apply to J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO.. 334 Sutter st.. - ;
AT S. F. EMP. "BUREAU. Phone Grant 26 —
Girl, light office work. $15 to $20; woman,
housework, Oakland. 2 ln family, $30; 3 girl
salesladies, Oakland, $« and up week; wo-
man enre for child; city, $15 and fd.: wo-
, man waitress, private, city, $25 and fd. S.
F. EMP. BUREAU. 17 Fourth «t. .
A PARLOR maid and waitress for 3 In family,
$30; an Eastern girl an second girl and wait-
ress, $30; a German girl to help the cook In
a lunchhouse, $7 a week, no night or Sun-
day work. MISS PLUNKETT, 425 Sutter
St., near Powell. • •
A— Girls to learn millinery now for fall season;
both seasons taught from start to finish ln 1
month for $10; positions as trimmers,- sales-
ladles, etc.. guaranteed at $10 per week up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton St.. r. 13.
A— WANTED— Girls to learn halrdressing,
manicuring, etc. ; trade taught from A to Z
In 2 weeks: $5 to those entering now; 3 po-
sitions to fill immediately; positions guaran-
teed at $10 per week up; leading school In
West. 233 Geary St., room 13.
A — LADIES to learn all branches hairdressing
trade; manicuring, massage, etc. 1236 Mar-
ket St., cor. Jones, room 94; positions secured
at highest wages; day and eve. clars; call.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-
ETERS; NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY:
PAID SALARY. LEVI STRAUSS ACO.'S
FACTORIES. 32% FREMONT ST. AND 1873
MISSION, NEAR FIFTEENTH.
LADIES wanted everywhere copying letters at
home evenings or srare time and return to
us: no mailing or canvassing; $9 weekly
earned: materials free; inclose self-ad-
dressed letter for particulars. . . Guarantee
Co.. No. W 4, Ninth. St.. Philadelphia, Pa.
EXPERIENCED alteration hands on skirts
and Jackets. Apply Superintendent's . office.
Emporium.
WANTED— Girl, general housework; plain
cooking: small wash; four adults: wages $25.
1171 Bush St.; call after 9 a. m.
YOUNG girl for light housework and assist
with children; wages $15; references. 1636
Waller st. ;'
SKIRT and sleeve hands. MULRONEY. 110
Geary st.' y
WANTED— Experienced girls In bookblndery.
BROWN & POWER; CO.. 508 Clay St.
WANTED — A girl for general housework and
cock; 2 In family. . 837 Hyde st.
A RELIABLE woman for city firm. Box 2953,
Call office. .. -,
NEAT, girl for general housework; wages $15;
:;- references. Call before noon. 31 Guerrero st.
SALESLADY, for lace department.- Apply Su-
: ' - perlntendent's office. Emporium. ¦ .
GIRL. .¦ general housework; may, : sleep home
If desired. 1053 Market at., upstairs.
EXPERIENCED lunch and dinner waitress;
- good pay. 631 Clay st..-. V „ . .
WANTED— Experienced Jacket and skirt alter-
atlon hand. Apply between 9 and 11 a. m. at
, HALE BROS.' .
GIRL or middle-aged woman* to assist In gen-
eral housework. Apply 848 Thirtieth st.. Oak-
land. ¦ i3BHKsibi__S_MsX-__B9-Mts_(*_l!S
GIRLS about 15 for factory work: good wages.
-.-: Apply at once. AMES & HARRIS. 10O Sac-
- ramento st. .1<m_S SB H_B EH— _B_0___H
GIRL for general. housework: good wages. 862
. Lombard Et.. . . .-_'.
YOUNG girl to mind baby. . 607, Mission et/;"
"A"«. HAIRDRESSER: 'state • salary 'and; expert-'
¦ ¦-• ence; also an ' apprentice.' ¦¦¦> Box 2945,'- Call. .-
FIRST-CLASS stenographers furnished. Miss
M. G.' Barrett, instructor,' 302 Montgomery- * «
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
1. Call Branch office,' cor.' Duncan & Church sis.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call . branch ' office, 2200 Fillmore.
A' BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1090
Valencia st. . ;' . » : ¦'
"¦'.j . ¦¦¦, HELpTwAyTEP^MALE. ¦ ' - - ; - ,
WANTED— ForTuTTsT^^Marine Corps^abie-
; . bodied 5 unmarried :• men/ -between'; 21 ¦ and 35;
7 good character; t must i speak,^ read J and : write
English ; -. marines serve ¦ at . sea on . men-of-
;r/war.ln all parts of .the world;, on. land in, our
. Island . porsegftlons,'* and at naval . stations '. In
- :• the '. United : States. ¦ . Apply,* at '-. recruiting.: of-.
- nee, "40, Ellis 'st/.j San* Francisco. Cal.; and
>J,401 : K ; st. 1 ;- 1 ; SacramentoA Cat;' . V. ; ¦-' :
BOY ( for j lumber .' of flee i work ; ] from : school i pre-'
f erred.; Box .20-14,' Call' of flee. .
BUSINESS CHAJf C—S— Contln ned.
R, G. WILKE, Real Estate and Business
Agent (established 14 years). # 26tf Kearny |
St., rooms 9 and 10. j
A $1600 coffee saloon and restaurant on
! the water front, close to Market St.; daily 1
receipts about $65: business clearing $300 per
month: trial given: a splendid offer; Investl- ,
gate at once. See R. G. WILKE. 26ft
Kearny st. *
A— $3500- HOTEL and barroom with 30 rooms,
in Point Richmond: rent $100; rooms always
occupied by employee of railroad and Stand-
ard Oil Company; board bill guaranteed by
companies; owner never clears less than $300
per month. Call R. G. WILKE. 28% Kear-
ny st » __ -
A— $900; SALOON en water front, with 8 fur-
nished rooms; 3 iron bedsteads ln each
room; 2% ye— rs' lease; rent $35; rooms alone
pay $70 per month and saloon doing a good
business. See R. G. WILKE. 26K Kearny.
A— $100; CIGAR stand, close to Market st.;
rtock will invoice the price; dally receipts
$15: rent $30. Call R. G. WILKES. 26%
Kearny st. - ' __
A— CIGAR stand close to Market and Ellis
eta.; good will; $700 stock at invoice; rare
chance: best business location. Call R. G.
WILKE. 2C^a Kearny st. ' " -
A— $1050; STATIONERY and school supply
store on Geary st. ; this etore is kept by pres-
ent owrer 16 years and will stand closest
investigation. Call R. G. WILKE. 26H
Kearny st.
A— $350; EMPLOYMENT office, doing a good
business; must be sold at once on account
of sickness ln owner's family. Call R. G.
WILKE. 2€H Kearny «t.
A— $4000; ELEGANT and first-class saloon
close to Market st.; net rent $125; <% years'
lease. Particulars R. G. WILKE. S6H
Kearny st ;
A— $350: CIGAR stand on Third St.. close to
Call building; a good paying stand. See
R. O. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A— $2650; CORNER grocery and bar with 10
years' lease; rent $60: on leading business
street south of Market; place established
years. Particulars R. G. WILKE, 26H
Kearny st.
A— $1800; HALF interest ln one of the best
corner saloons on water front; leas:; disagree-
ment of Dartners cause of sale; will sell
whole for $3400. Call R. G. WILKE. 26%
Kearny Ft.
A — $1250. CORNER ea'.oon on Fourth St., close
to B. P. freight sheds; S furnished rooms
and kitchen: a good raying business. See
It. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A— $SO0; DAIRY Droduce and delicatessen
store; rent $22: business clears above $100
per month: llvlnsr room; value ln sight.
Call R. Q. WILKE. 26% Kearny gt.
RESTAURANT for sale which sold 4 months
ago for $600; because of the non-union ideas j
of the owner will now be offered for quick
sale at $175. Pacific Business Assn., 1143
Market st.
GROCERY and bar with fixtures and . living
rooms furnished; reasonable; no agents. 1401
Devlsadero St., cor. O'FarrelL
WANTED — Party to invest ln exclusive patent
right for Pacific Coast. Address Patent, box
3432. Call.
HORSESHOEING, carriage making business
for sale; owner leaving city; bargain. Fell
and Gough sts.
FOR sale — Barber shop; 3 steady chairs; big
bargain. Western Realty Co.. 1007% Market.
DELICATESSEN, liquor store; good location,
for sale; reas.; no agents. Box 3426. Call.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
MARION GRIFFIN.
Room No. 406 1 "Examiner" building.
Phone Black 3607, Take elevator to 4th floor.
Up-to-date offices. Strictly business methods.
NEW AND MODERN.
47 rooms, elegantly furnished ln velvet car.
pets and golden oak; electric elevators; lease
fcr 5 years: make offer; will clear $215.
FIRST-CLASS HOTEL— $7000.
Cost $14,000; clears $400; aristocratic; corner.
40 ROOMS— $3000.
Wide halls; 2 floors: rent $100: long lease;
building and furniture nearly new.
15 ROOMS — MAKE OFFER.
Near First Congregational Church; clears
fC5 month; owner leaving city; Installment
rale. : • ¦ .; .--» ¦¦.-.
16 ROOMS— $600.
This big flat is full of roomers; north of
market; rent $25: almost no work.
100 ROOMS— $8500.
Hotel, new and modern ln every depart-
ment, electric elevator: electric lights, suites
with private baths; large commercial sample
rooms; long lease: t racial attention to tourist
and family tra«le.
$200 DOWN.
8-room corner flat, 4 blocks north of Mar-
ket; rent $30; price. $650; newly furnished.
OUR NICEST.
SO rooms, new and modern; extra fine fur-
nishings; hot water in every room; very swell;
$1000 to $1500 rash necessary; clears $170.
$4500— Clears $400 TO $500.
Greatest transient money house in San
Francisco: will clear $400 to $500 a month;
the best business proposition in this city; re-
duced for quick sale to $4500; strict accounts
kept.
* 22 ROOMS.
Partl7 furnished house in nice location; 4
blocks north of Market; full; price $900.
. „ __
TETLOW & DEACON.
Phone Folsom 2957.
1023 Market St.. between 6th and 7th,
For hotels, room Ing-- houses and business
chances, any part of the city.
A— $3000; PRIVATE boarding-house, with 40
elegantly furnished rooms, on Van Ness ave.;
rooms always occupied and flrzt-claes patron-
age. See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
ELEGANT corner flat. 8 rooms. Western Ad-
dition; rent $35; cheap. $900; large list of
houses, 6 to 200 rooms. EITEL _ CARROLL.
212 Kearny st.
$200—19 ROOMS, newly furninhed; hot and cold
¦water every room; full of steady roomers;
eltrctric lights. D. McRAE. 829 Mission st.
. SPIRITUALISM.
Returned — Mlsa C. C. Kotter circle every eve.,
10c; Mon ere. developing circle: sittings dal-
ly; L. 50cG. $1; card reading 25c. 34 Cth.r.12
PROF. Fred P. Evans, noted psychic for slate-
writing and clairvoyance; stamp for circular.
1112 Eddy St.. nr. Octavla; phone Scott 887.
ETHEL CRINDLE— Materializing seance Fri-
day eve.. 5Oc. 32S Ellis at.. ' 8 o'clock.
EDWARD EARLE. 1052 Ellis, readings dally,
9:30 to 4: seances Sunday and Thursday.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
'¦ PROFES5^0iT"pAUL DESTINE.
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever ln San Franc'ero.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge if I fall to tell your name, occu-
pation and what you called for; I promife to tell
you whether husband, wife or sweetheart Is true
or false; tell you who and when you will marry;
ln fact. I will tell you every hope, fear or ambi-
tion better than you can tell yourself; I will give
you luck that wins success ln love, marriage, di-
vorce, business, speculation, mining, health and
lost vitality, etc. ; hours 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
326 — O'FarreU et. — 32G. Readings $1.
MME. M. BERNARD. THE EAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma- |
nently located at 17 Third St., next Examiner
bldg. ; she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur In the future; if you are In trouble,
or not satisfied in life, or have
domestic, love or business troubles, consult
this great medium and you will be told how
to overcome them; valuable advice ln all af-
fairs of life; 25c up; satisfaction guaran-
. teed; readings by mall. Tel. Black 4669. •
A— L-I-V-O-R-N-O.
L-I-V-O-R-N-O.
The World-Renowned Palmist
and Crystal Gazer,
34 Kearny st.
Over Hammersmith & Fields. Phone Black 2435.
DO NOT LOSE HOPE. /
"Madame Livorno saved me serious mis-
takes," ssys Sarah Bernhardt. Thousands say
the same thing.' Three questions by mall, $1.
Send month and year of birth.
LJFE MYSTERIES REVEALED. '."*.
MRS DR. E. SANDERS.
Spiritual medium; only teacher of mind teleg-,
rapby ln the world whose system never falls.
Learn it; it will, bring you. HEALTH.
WEALTH and LOVE. Develops mediums
and teaches occultism. Hours,-. 10 a, m. to 8
p. m. 418 Post st. . ••-¦¦'-¦¦-¦•'- -
ISMAR the Egyptian gypsy/, clairvoyant' and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
St.. cor. . Turk ; private readings dally. 10 a.
m. to 5 p. m.;' readings by mall as satisfac-
tory as In person; 3 .questions answered, $1;
full life, $5; send lock of hair, date and year
of birth; don't send currency. Send postofflce,
Wells- Fargo money order or. registered letter.
REV. DAVIS-DA WSON— Special ; life * read-
ings, &0c; absolutely free unless correct; clr-
cle to-night;- tests to all. 10c. 34 6th,* rm.: 8.
A — Mme. Ravenna reads life, business advice;
. nimei given; 25c up/ 6 4th St.," near Market.
MME. MARSEAU. clairvoyant. - card ; reader;
ladies. 25c; gents. 50c. 545 Minna st.
OLDEST lad- palmist and card reader In city.
26% . Kearny, room 20; ladies 25c; gents i SOc.
MISS WARD glres names, dates and facts;
hours 11 a. m. to S p. m. 413 Mason :no sign.
MME. ' BARTAN, 4 professional ' card ' reader.
¦216% Sixth. St.; 25c . . . .- .-..;.-
MME. LAMAR,. wonderful palmist; card read-
er; 2&c 50c. C20 Jones st.; hours 1-9 Pi\— -*¦
THE^CALL
JO -C3T p. SPR EC— -_S. Proprietor.
i.__res5 CCT-iElcatiois -to JOHS KcSAUSHT, Maiaci
TELEPHONE.
Aek.for THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
nect You With the Department You Wish.
Publication Office.... Market and Third. S. F.
Editorial Rcoms......217 to 221 Stevenson st.
Delivered by Carriers. 20 Cts. Per Week, 75
Ctf. Per Month. Single Copies 6 Cents.
Teras by Mall. Including Postage (Cash With
• - Order) :
DAILY CALL flnclud. Sunday). 1 year.. $8. 00
DAILY CALL (lnclud. Sunday). 6 mos.. 4.00
DAILY CALL — By Single Month T3?
SUNDAY CALL. 1 Year. 2-50
WEEKLY CALL. 1 Year 1°°
ronrirv Daily.. ..$3. 80 Per Year Extra
£?£F.^ Sunday.. 4.15 Per Year Extra
POSTAGE. Weekly.. 1.00 Per Y«_r Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS^ ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Eample Copies will be forwarded when re-
<rcested.
Mail subscribers ln ordering change of ad-
AT-es ehould b« particular to give both NEW
AND OL1> ADDRESS in order to insure a
prompt and correct com pllance with their re-
quest.
OAKLAND OFFICE: _,.
1118 Broadway Telephone Main 1085.
BERKELEY OFFICE: _.
S14S Center Street Telephone North Tl.
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
MORTON E. CRANE 1406 O Street. V. W.
NEW YORK NE~5 STANDS:
Waldorf - Astoria Hotel : A. Brentano. 81
Union Square; Murray Hill Hotel; Flfth-ave-
r.ue Hotel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House; P. O. News Co.: Great
Northern Hotel; Tretnont House; Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATTVD.
C. GEORGE KROGNESS..Marquette Build'g
(Long Distance Telephone, "Central 2619.")
KEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE!:
STEPHEN B. SMITH SO Tribune Building
ICI— i 7 YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square-
BUSINESS OFFICE cf the San Francisco
Call, corner Market and Third streets; open
until 1_ o"clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
t27 Montgomery etr*et. corner Clay; open un-
til »:S0 p. m.
TOO Hayec street; open until 9:30 p. m.
CS9 McAllister street; open until 9:30- p. m.
Clt Larkln street; open until 9:30 p. m.
3941 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
22€1 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. in.
206 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia street; open until t p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets;
open until 9 p. m.
Nortbwest corner of Twenty-second and
Kentucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
2200 FSIlroore street; open until 9 p. — -
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Commandery No. 1. K. ?-
T— Regular awmMy THIS EVEN- TST 1
ING st 6:30 o'clock. Order of Red BJ
. Cross. All fraters courteously invited. 'Bf
THOMAS H. BROWNE. Commander. ~;
T. L. HENDERSON. Recorder.
PACIFIC Lodge No. 136, F. and A. M.. O
Masonic Temple, meets THIS EVEN- YY
ING, 7:30 o'clock. 1 D. /V\
GEOKGE PENLINGTON. Sec
EUREKA Lodge No. 9. K. of P. —
Attend funeral of our late brother,
JOHN D. MAHLER, from our hall. 7W&
on FRIDAY. Nov. 13. 1903. at 1 _££J5<
p. m. By order __i-^-x
FRED KLEIN. C. C
J. W. C. BEATTIE. K. of R. and S.
fAN FRANCISCO Tent No.
IV. K. O. T. M.— Review /3_C_u2*\
THIS (FRIDAY) EVEN- rf23 £> t§jl
ING at 6 o'clock. Pioneer B*_| ,R. M_J
Hall. 24 Fourth ft. \yj3 if \W5j
U. B RICHARDS. V?P?Ji_5_/
Record Keeper. NS^pgy
MEMBERS of Awashte Tribe No. 89. t ,m,
I O. R. M.. take notice to attend
thf- funr-rei of our late brother, V_K_7
JOHN FRANCIS. 3C5 Montgomery ave.,
.TO- DAY* Friday). Nov. 13, 1&03. at 2 o'clock.
TO the regular funeral detail of the j—
Riggers' and Stevedores' Union, Lo- Jfil
• c\ :._!. of the I L. M. and T. js9
|.\«fn.. r~-sinnlr.c with FRANK ~£SmZ
BELL, !*rtr*r .Nr.. v2. ur to and in- vNPS
• )j.i.r.p VVM. BARRY. l»»dr<"r No. rfCefflL
III©— Ycu ore hereby notified to be »*™3W
l>re*em at' our hall, 603 Front St., TO-DAY
i FRIDAY). Nov. 13. r.t 1:30 p. m., to attend
the funeral of our deceased brother. JOHN
FRANCIS. By order of
THOMAS F. BRYANT. President,
HENRY JEXD. Rec. Sec.
STOCKHOLDERS' meeting — The annual meet-
ing of The Union Ice Company will be held
, at the office of the company, 324 Pine st.,
fan Francisco, on WEDNESDAY, November
IS. 1903. at 3:15 p. m.. for tbfc purpose of
¦ electing a board of directors to serve for the
<-nsulng year and for the transaction of such
ether business as may come before the meet-
ing. C. K. MELROSE. Secretary.
November 4. 1903.
ATTO BXEY S- AT-L AW.
W. H. BITTNEr! "*!
ATTORNEY AND COUNSELOR AT LAW.
Advice free. Phone South 743.
Suit 322. Emma Spreckels building.
Divcros quietly and legally obtained for
eight causes; damaces secured for injuries to
person or estate; replevins for property un-
lawfully detained; attachments and garnish-
ments tor lebts; bonds furnished; bankruptcy
¦ proceeding*; wills probated; t states settled;
collections made ln all t>art* of the U. S.
ADVICE FREE ~"
OLD ESTABLISHED
COLUMBIAN LAW & COLLECTION AGENCY
Abie attorneys. Rm. S3. 916 Market, opposite
Emporium. Bad tenants ejected speedily and
reasonably. Collections, no matter how small,
attended to; attachment*; bonds furnished; cor-
porations organized; civil and criminal practice
Tel. John C22«. Open evenings by appointment!
- We foilclt an interview with you.
A PRIVATE, quick divorce for a small fee.
Rr-e me and save money; no pay in advance
«. W. HOWE. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.
E>tf.hll*he<j 22 rrs.; rms. 1. 2. 3. 4 t 8. 1st fl.
1122 Market «., between Man-in and Taylor.
- Advice free, all matter*. Detective* employed.
AA— THE Legal Advisory. Inc.; reliable attor-
n'-J's; practice in all courts; attachments di-
yorcr-. e«ate». bankruptcy, probate. fill
.'>]1A. 51 IK CrosMey bidg.. N. E. cor. New
Montgomery and Mission Eta.; tei. John 2928.
P.OBT. W. KING, atty-at-law. Examiner bid..
' room til; all ran*, damages, estates, wills,
attachments, collections, etc.. consultation
»ree; no advance charges; call or write;
evnlngs by appointment. Tel. Red 8801.
ADVICE free— I will advance cost In merltorl-
c ous case*, divorces, probate and all other law
cases; no fees m advance; open every even-
lng. J. M. THURSTON. S19 Market St.. r. 31.
ADVICE free— I will advance costs In all cases
of merit; no advance charc-ee no fee unless
successful. E. J. BANKS, Examiner build-
ing, third floor.
DIVORCE co*ts $12; opm evenings; tenants
• ejected. $5. 91C Market, r. 52; phone Black C51
L* S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bids 927 Mar.
fcet »t.; consultation free; no fees ln advance.
XI TEMPLE, atty-at-law. 83 Chronicle bld"g7:
commissioner for oaths. England and Ireland.
ADVICE free; do. charge unleM successful- all
. law buslnr.es. W. W. Davidson. 027 Market.
UIRDS, POGS. ETC. ~"
WARBLING canaries, ulking parrots; ail
.-• kinds of ror.g and fancy birds; goldfish, seed
c ** C8> .r t S- , Glve u " a trt8 - 1 : we w »l Please
j\m. 1S4C Market mt. .
CHAXCES. "^
A— '" iTERCHANTX^TTCNTION'
Do you wish to enlarge your business or do
you desire additional capital? If so, we can
furnish you with an activ* or silent partner
; .'who will latest from J100 to (50.000; we
•.\twve a Urge number of desirable applicants
on our books seeking good business openings
GERMANIA INVESTMENT CO..
\ Suit 321. Emma Spreckels bldg.
'STRANGERS. ATTENTION! '.
. Are you looking for a safe and profitable bust-
nets oi»enln« in San Francisco? If bo we can
c.ilrT you any number requiring an investment
"' from f 160 to $50,000; every business opportu-
. nlty that paeses through our office must stand
' the closest investigation, and we can place
you in a store, factory, hotel, mill, office or.
In fact, any business you may prefer; kindly
call and Investigate. _-M__*asMMBjj.
GERMANIA INVESTMENT CO..
Suit. 321. ' Emma Spreckeig Bulldlnr.
A PROMINENT percentage bookmaklng firm
- proposes making one of. the largest books on
¦th* California racetracks during the coming
•winter. The public is invited to take stock
In our book. Amount* received in sums of
' ' $23 and upward. SrateasenU and settlements
• made - weekly. We - positively do not take
. _ny chances, as this book will be conducted
• strictly upon a percentage basis, the only
system of bookmaklng that is certain of suc-
cess and has stood the test of years. Can use
" subscription of J2000 more. Cal I or write for
particular*. THE HERMIS CLUB. • rooms 3
* ; and 4. 910 Market 6t ¦¦"• : .
PARTNER wanted with capital for building
business; U Interest. „ Address box 2049. Call.
MOXEY TO LOAX.
AAA— HERMAJf MURPHY.
801-602-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointment.
Sar« expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided inter-
; ests. assignments of rents, property in trust.
; etc; legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
ADVANCES on furniture and. pianos without
removal; to permanent salaried people on
their note without security or knowledge of
employer; lowest rates; no commission. NA-
; TIONAL CREDIT CO.. 6S and tt> Dono_o«
building. 1170 Market st.
: HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. SWrt
1 Market st.: tel. Main 1644. Branch. 11) Third.
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL LOANS on fur-
niture, pianos or to salaried people on their
note; proper treatment guaranteed. ILLINOIS
TRUST CO.. r. 16. Pheian bid., tel. Main 704.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-nouses without
security: easy payments; largest business in,
46 principal cities. Tolman. 553 Parrott bldg.
A — 1 per cent on furniture or piano; no remov.
al. no commission, no pub!iclty;*25 up: quick.
private, confidential. 2ti Montgomery, rm. 7.
M. JACOBSEN & CO.. room «21.Emma Spreck-
els building loans money on re*l estate and
all other securities; confidential; low rates.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant a»«..
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10. COO.
MONEY to loan on low interest: sold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stcnea bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
TO salaried people without security on furnl-.
ture; Indorsed notes and other security S. F;
Discount Agency. 143 Pheian building.'
YOU can borrow more money on your furniture
than any other place in city; no commission.
612 Parrott building; phone South 653.
AT lowest rates on furniture and pianos; strict
privacy; no commission: Installments accepted.
BONELLI. 301 Eddy. Conservatory building.
OPEN Credit Ass'n. loans on salaries confiden-
tially; new.simple plan. Room 50. 813 Market.
ON personal and real property. E. W. LICK,
1003 Mutual Savings Bank bldg.. 7CS Market.
I MONEY loaned to salaried employes. G. W.
MILLER, room 74. 5th floor. Chronicle bid*.
3% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal.
V. TREMAIN. room 81, 6 Eddy st., floor 4.
ALL loans en diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 638 Kearny.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to>
salaried employes. R. 311. Mutual Sav.Blcb'.d.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
lndorser. MORELL. 609 Examiner bldg.
MUSICAL lXSTRUMEXTS.
RENT a piano for $3 per month: we allow six
months' rental of the purchase price if you
wish to buy: this gives you six months' trial
of the instrument for nothing; if the piano
rented does rnt suit wr allow the rental on>
any Instrument in our stores; with such good*
as the McPhail of Boston, the Schiller and
our own make to select from we can guar-
antee satisfaction to every one in quality,
price and terms. See the Scott-Curtas
••Bijou." the smallest full scale piano In 3an
Francisco. SCOTTVCURTAZ PIANO CO..
SCO-t52-64 Hayes st.
ALL uprights on our bargain slate to-day—
Collard $35; Filsher. $50: Sherman * Hyde.
$100; Weber. $66; Kimball. $115; Mansfield &
Notni. $125; Haynes. $150: American. $lfi3;
Chlckering. $167; Emerson. $17^; Miller.
$175; 2 Steinways. large and small s!«e. $IS5
•iTid $290; Heine, large style, slightly used,
$325. Rents $2 up. apply on purchase: in-
stallments $4 up! HEINE PIANO CO.. 235-
237 Geary St.; Oakland branch. Fifteenth and,
Broadway, old P. O. Bldg. Largest exclu-
sive wholesale and retail dealers of the West.
WE do not advise the purchase of cheap pianos,
as they are seldom satisfactory, but we hav»
pianos at a medium price that can be guar-
anteed to please the most critical. Our best
sellers are the Bohr Bros.. Baumetster and
Schubert. THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC
CO., 769 Market st.
A FINE lot of second-hand uprights from $50
up. Including such m_kes as Chickerlng.
Vose Kroej?er Curtaz. Kirkham. Pease.
Hardman. Marshall & Wendell. Baus and
others. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Far-
rell st. No branches ln San Francisco.
CATARRH, asthma and bronchial- troubles
cured at home; free treatment, foe aa* week.
Addr"*s Empire Medicine Co.. 707 Minna st.
A MASSIVE solid walnut case Eatey organ,
two banks of keys and pedal bass; cost $75O;
your own price. BOWERS & SON. 11 Mason.
BAND instru— ents; F. Besson. Paris, maker:
Gus Maiwaltl. Agt. Pac. Coast. 27<* O'FarreU;
skillful repairing; 2d-hand instruments sold.
i $oT» — FINE small upright piano ln good condi-
1 tlon. 101 Welch .st.. southwest cor. Fourth.
! BrTAUTIFUL 3-pedal Steinway upright piano;
i perfect order; sacrifice. Keeffe's,2S5 O'FarreU.
A RARE chance; a Hornung Bros.' upright:
little used; must be sold. 216 McAllister st.
RARE chance: cash or payments: elegant high
grade upright. 16 McAllister st.
Unredeemed storage pianos and furniture dirt
cheap. Whltehead Storage. 1636 Market st.
SOIIMER, Byron Mauzy pianos. Cectllan piano
player. .BYRON MAUZY. 308-S12 Post st.
t SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. II.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
j PERSOXALS. '
ATTENTION. LADIES—
To see Is to believe; go and see the exhibi-
tion at the Union Drug Store, cor. O'FarreU
and Stockton sts.: a living model with th«
wrinkles and bagginess removed from on*
side of the face a year ago by M. ELLA
HARRIS of 781 p'Farrell at.
i WRINKLES and all facial blemishes removed
I by new Parisian method; superfluous hair re-
moved by electrolysis: lessons given In man-
icuring; terms reasonable. MME. H. EAST-
WOOD, r. 702. Alto bldg.. Bush and Kearny.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves Its growth.stops tailing, cures dandruft
and Itching scalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp:at druggists'. hairdressers' ; ac-
j cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co..l."tlS Polk
! NOT how cheap but how good H the motto of
the manufacturers' of the Rapid Rotary
Standard the sewing-machine of to-day. J.
W. EVANS, agent. 1C21 Market st.
PHYSICIAN. IS years" experience, cures per-
manently morphine, coca'ne habit. Call or
address Central Pharmacy. 251 Grant ave.,
corner Sutter st. ; fee moderate.
j ¦ —
ELEGANT suits on easy installments: .V> cents
J and up per week. LEON LEMOS. 1127
Market st., bet. Seventh and Eighth.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday. Sun-
day evgs.. Teutonia Hall. Howard st.. nr.
9th; Prof. Foster; society dancing taught.
LIQUOR habit cured. We guarantee to curst
the Uqnor habit In 2 days or no charges.
Acme Liquor Cure Co.. 097 Market, r. '.'02.
DRUNKENNESS morphine and* all drugs dis-
eases positively cured by Willow Bark Co.,
1S39 Polk St.: consultation free; call or write.
AT less than cost, uncalled for suits, overcoat*
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS", London
Tailor. 721- Market st.
ANDERSON— Elegant theatrical and masquer-
r ade costumes rented. 26 O'FarreU st. ¦
SUITS to order on installments. H P'r week.
Neuhaus A Co.. merch. tailors. 727-729 Market.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elec-
tric needle. Dr. & Mrs. Traverse. 1170 Market.
THE beet place to buy good umbrellas or
have them covered or repaired is 120 Stockton
j TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress panta $2 30.
! Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
MASQUERADE costumes, play book"- w 'f».
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 7oo Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S Egypt^n Henna restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1: at all druggists'.
! Superfluous hair and moles removed with elec-
I trie needle. Mrs. A Mlsa Eaton. 1119 Sntter.
) PALMISTRY. .
MME DEVAS scientific palmist and astroto-
gist: palm rea«!lnrs $1; 3 questions by ex-
press. $1: open Tuesday eve, also. 139 Post st
PROF W\LKER.P»lmlst,medlum, tells of love,
marrlage.law.buslness.etc. 9."^>'.4Howard.r. 9.
H JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 515
Taylor >t.. near Geary. Phone Black 56K
PAPERHAXGI.VG. PAI.VTIXG. ETC.
ROOMS papered. $3 30 up: tinting, painting.
. Hartmann Paint Co.. 319 3d st.; tel. Main 413.
_ PHYSICIAXS A>'D SURGEONS.
DR C. C. O'DONNELL — Office and residence.
1W21H Market st., bet. 6th and 7th: partlcu-
'lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073% Market st. /
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body; Tor
past four years at -115-117 Mason; now lo-
cated at 667 Geary st./.near Lea ven worth, y^
DR. TONO PO CHY. successor to Dr. LI Po
Tai. herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by uae of h«rb» and teas, m Washington st.
DR. H. C. WONO. 719 -Post, st.: all diseases
cured by Chinese herbs; consultation free. . '
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor—All dis-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 748-8 Clay st.
HELP WAXTED— MALE— Continued.
A— MURRAY & READY, 034-636 Clay St.
Phone Main 584S.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
1902 We Gave - 1903 We'll Giv»
45.000 Men Work. 60,000 Men Work.
ARIZONA.
ARIZONA.
OREGON. NEVADA.
Southern Pacific and Santa Fe systems; free
pass ' '¦.-.,¦ .
ON EVERY TRAIN.
Section hands, muckers, drillers, extra gangs,
teamsters, hammersmen. . ' tW— ilLtiVM*
STABLES. FARMS. ORCHARDS. DAIRIES.
Farm and orchard hands, $30, $35, $40 found;
- milkers, $30 to $50 and found.
Stablemen, city, country Jobs, $30 to $60.
805 woodchoppers.
287 tiemakers.
COOKS. WAITERS. PORTERS.
Cooks, hotels, restaurants, camps, mines and
ranches, city and country. $30 to $70 and
found ; waiters, city and country. $23 to $45
and found; butchers, different Jobs, $40 to $90
and found. '
LOCATED EVERYWHERE,
Laborers and teamsters, many In San Fran-
cisco. $2. $2 25.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
COAL OREGON. FREE FARE.
Miners, Oregon, $3 to $5 a day.
MURRAY - READY, C34 and 636 Clay st.
12 CABINET makers.
Gang edgerman, lumber co., $65 fd
Old Mexico. Free fare. •
Carriage trimmer, boss here/good waces.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
6 ITALIAN or Austrian foremen, R. R. work,
$3 day. **B9S*
MURRAY & . READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
RIVET heater, factory, $2.25 day
Stableman, south, $35 fd.
Second baker on cakes, city. $16 week fd.
— Mr. - Appleton, carpenter, please report.
Cook, ' Oreson, . $60 fd.
12 laborers. Bile lumber. . $45 . f d.
Plasterer, country Jcb, 3 $6 day
2 coat ; makers; 16 coopers; track . foreman,
L CO., $40 fd. V ...
MURRAY & READY. 634 and. £36 Clay Bt.
ALL-ROUND launciryman. $10 and board:
harnes<«maker, $2 to $2 50 day; choreman
and wife for miners" boarding-house, $60 and
found T boarding-house cook, $40; oysterman,
$40 and benrd; others. J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 628 Sacramento st.
AT "E. & B." R. R. Labor Arency. '
G3S Commercial st.
Free Fare — Free Fare.
, 50 tunnel men. ?2 RO to $3 day.
60 muckers and drillers, $2 to $2 50 a day.
10O laborers, $2 a day.
Long Job; eight months' work.
Free fare — Ryndon, Nevada. ' -
"E/ & B." R. R. LABOR AGENCY.
638 Commercial st. •
AT S. F. EMP. BUREAU, 17 Fourth st.
Laborers, steady work ln city, $2 a day.
Drillers and rockmen. steady, city. $2 25 day.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, r. 12.
Porter for country. $25.
WANTED — For U. S. army, able-bodied, un-
' married men. between ages of 21 and 33, citi-
zens of United states of good character and
temperate habits, who can speak, read and
write English. For information apply to Re-
cruiting Officer. Rial to building. New Mont-
gomery St.. San Francisco, or Masonic build-
ing, Sacramento. Cal.
WANTED — Active/educated men of business
ability who wish to earn $40 per week. or
more; call I' to 5 or write 5R1 Parrott build-
ing. DODD. MEAD & CO.. San Francisco.
YOUNG men everywhere to copy letters , at
home evenings: $9. 50. week. Send addressed
envelope ¦ for particulars. Manager Dept. W.
4, box . 1411/ Phllad?lph!a. Pa. ¦ ' ¦ '
WANTED — First-class salesman, new and sec-
ond hand furniture: S. F. ; experience. Ap-
ply to H. SCHELLHAAS. Eleventh st., Oak-
land. . ' '
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 per pair. 'foot- form shoes at $2 50. or
orthopedic shoes, $1 50; best shoes on earth. 11
Third St., Exam. bldg.. 5 doors from Market.
BUTCHER; . young. . single man ' who .; can cut
meat: must be neat, willing and , obliging.
. 1*^04 Hyde st. - - -. ¦ »
STRONG school boy to carry . morning paper;
south Market .»t. ; no Sunday work. Room 8,
150S -Market et. ' ,
BARBER shop;. a snap; sunny living rooms;
rent $15; owner quitting business. ,1541
Geary st. ' . .- ¦ ; ' ,-_
NEAT, errand, bpys. . Apply superintendent's
office. Emporium. \-
EXPERIENCED dishwasher. - 612 Kearny st.
WANTED — Barber Saturday and ; Sunday, $5.
1025 Howard st. .
CREAM . helper and cutter, wholesale - candy
' factory. 538 Washington st.
BARBER trade taught In 5 weeks. Address
W. C." B.. «47 Commercial st.
WHY pay big prices to have your shoes haif-
tcled when you can get it done for 25c. 60c
and COc. while you : wait at 613 Mission st.,
1 «tb. lit and 2d sts.. or 11 Third St.?
WANTED — - Thoroughly capable bookkeeper:
. must be quick, accurate and conversant with
. modern : systems ;< prefer one who . has had
experience with lumber concerns; no objection
.to brains: state age. "experience, salary want-
ed. : Cal White Pine Lumber Co.. Loyalton. Cal.
WANTED— By ..large importing house, an-of-
- flee boy about 15. years old; must be of neat
appearance and. reside with parents. Address
-¦! In own handwriting. - box • 2944, Call office.
WANTED— Actl\-e-. advertising.- and insurance
-Bollcltors on new proposition: sflls on its own
merit; . exclusive -. territory ; to good < agents;
good compensation. Call from 9 to 10 a. m.,
. suite' 19/ Columbian bldg., 016 Market st.
MAN: of good standing and .wide acquaintance
can ; secure a good position with ! an Ea<tern
• company:^ must : have ; connections and be" a
, .'good -, solicitor. ¦ P. ¦' O. ;. box " 2694.
MENtwantedUo l<"arn : the : barber trade In two'
.'months and. secure good positions; catalogue
¦mailed" free. MOLER System College *~ 635
¦;' Clay, tt. - - ; -¦¦
WANTED— Ln borers > and mechanics : to I know
' that Ed ' Rolkln/:. Reno House •: proprietor, has
: . / added ~ 100 < new rooms to • the ¦ Denver Houre
'217. Third st.: 250 rooms; 25c, to 60c per night!
GERMAN: steady: '.references; tend bar;- wine
r, ¦ business; '¦.:¦ useful ; > married ; preferred ; ":¦ call
:* afternoon.;. 15? City; Hall; square. ,
PENSION r ATTY. M.' HARRIS. 40 Ellis St.; 14*
. years', practice;; references, from thousands of
.. persons for. whom I. have secured penslonn. v,
MEN ;to ! learn barber: trade; * catalogue mailed
v- 3/j F.; Barber i School.', 741A^ Howard it,
PENSION* atty.'; E.'.'A. IBuIlls/ room 40 Pheian
; -: bldg.' Past Com/ Geo. ; H/ Thoma« Post,G. A.R.
McDONALD j& ' PERRY, have : a* large ; stock ' of
• ; ' new and ' second-hand shoes ; : cheap. . 239 3d st.
WINCHESTER ' Hotel;\44 Third i st^i nf ar jMar-
ket— 700 .¦:• rooms/; 36c \ nighty read Ins * rooms;
free .' bus ; and ' baggage , to ; and ' from : ferry.
HELP.. WAJTTB P-— MALE— Continue* .
WANTED — Boys from -18 to 18 years; height,
6- feet 4 Inches and over, to Join a social mili-
tary rifle corps; regulation uniform and drill.
Apply .S. SZANIK. 47?, Valencia St.. any
. evening between C and 8 o'clock.
•try our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
SI 50 Dair: foot-form shoes at $2 5O; we pay
expressor mall charges. 11 3d st.. Exam, bid.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan - Church sts.
r*T ASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
wcelved : »t Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions ha» been established at 109«
Valencia st. ¦" ¦ '
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
Trie" 66a Mission st.. -bet. 1st and 2d sU.
GET your shoes half soled white waiting: 25c
to SOc. S6Tt Mission st- bet. 1st and 2d sts.
HORSES AND WAGOXS.
TO Whom It May Concern — We will sell at
public Tnctlon at the Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth st.. Wednesday. Nor. 1.. at 11 a.
m.. one Dhaeton and single harness the
property of Frank M.- Stone (the same being
•old for storage bill). Devlaadero-st. Sta-
ble. ARMKRS & WISECARVER.
ALL kinds of. horses, wagons, carts, buggies
and harness sold at auction every Tuesday
11 a. .m. at 1140 Folsom st. . • .
HARNESS and saddles, the best for the money,
at JEPSEN BROS. CO.. inc.. the big store,
1145-1147 Market St.. San Francisco.
HORSE, $25; young Jack. $100"; top wagon. $60;
buggy. $10; cart. $15. 79 City Hall ave.
A LOT of cheap horses at Fifteenth and Shot-
well^
MUST be sold at a sacrifice ; 5 good horses.
327 Sixth at. /
Al EXPRESS- wagon, light camping wason
and gocart for sale cheap. 532 Mission St.-
Largest asoortmt 2-hand wagons, buckb'd, mir-
rey.harness.work.drivlng horses. 15th- Valencia
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list of houses to let; »end for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN — CO.. 14 Montgomery.
A— HOUSES and flats to let; an immense list; .
service absolutely free; take advantage of f
this deportment; it will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-259 Geary
st., on the square.
BEFORE moving get our printed list of houses
to let/ BALDWIN & HOWELL. 25 Post st.
LOST AND-FOUXD.
LOST— Valuable diamond setting Wednesday;
supposed on 1:45 narrow gauge boat train to
Oakland. Handsome reward on return to
Maple Hall. Oakland. .
BLACK pearl; lost the 9th inst.; $100 reward
if returned to A. SCHILLING _ CO.
LOST— A passbook with the Hlbernla Savings
Bank of San Francisco ln the name of DORA
E. CRAIG. No. 24S-1OO1. Finder please re-
turn to the bank. "' - '-';
LOST— Off Baden Point, Sunday night, new red
duck boat, 12 feet long, 4-foot beam. Finder
notify Anderson's Shipyard. Hunters Point;
reward. < '
LOST— A «rold locket with monogram F. W.
W.; valuable as keeprake. Return to 1018
Market St.. hat store, and receive reward.
LOST— Alligator satchel. Hyde and Union sts.
Finder return 3029 Stelner st. ; liberal reward.
LOST— Wednesday. KrTlght Temslar J*wel
(watch charm); suitable reward. 210 Cal. st.
IT will pay to '•Remember" that the California
Watch Case Co., 220 Sutter st.. needs old
gold and sl'vr to make new watch cases.
MEDICAL.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints; Instant relief guaranteed; . 30
years' experience; removed to 826 Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and irregularities: Instant re-
lief guaranteed. lOOS^i Market St.. opp. 5th.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL — All who are sick or
in trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints; positively corrected;, the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advice free. Office. 101 S Market st.
Drs, Goodwin, 733 Turk, nr/ Van Ness — Expert
in obstetrics, female complaints: lnst. relief;
treatment $10; hours, 10 to 5; 25 yrs. exper.
MRS. D. ALLEN, HIS Market— Reliable ladies'
specialist; a private home before and during j
confinement: best medical care; low fees.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 112t> Market st.
DR. ROSEN resides 2995 Folsom St.. cor. 26th; j
ladies, relief or no fee; $10. _|
DR. NG TOY KEE. 319 Powell st.. opposite i
Union square; all diseases cured by herbs.
MILLINERY.
LADIES — 200 stylish hats to select from; lease
sold, must vacate February 1. 1904; save
money by calling on MME. DOSCH. 207 Post.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines 2d-hand machinery. McIN- !
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st. j
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK? j
Repair it with elaterite; ln rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating; good over old j
Iron' tin or shingles: best for new roof.*.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
FOR sale— New 50-ft. gasoline launch with
modern 40-horsepower engine and all extras;
good business: only cash sale considered. Ad-
dress G.:B., box 520, Sacramento. Cal.
2D-HAND machinery, boilers, engines, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc.. etc.. bought, sold, I
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers. I
H. 8. .WHITE M'CH'Y Co.. 130-132 Beale st.
BEAUTIFUL collection of Moro k rises. bolot>,
spears, shield*, etc. Apply PVT. KAUF-
MANN. Hospital Corps, General Hospital,
Presidio, between 1 and 3.
A.— Fine suits. t$7 60; dress pants, $2 50. Origi-
nal Misfit Clothing Parlors. 2« Kearny at.,
near Bush; open to 9 p. m. ; Sunday to noon, j
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Pop- I
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st., near
Pine; open till 0 p. m. Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 263-255 Spear st.
2 72x16 HORIZONTAL tubular botlers. front
and all- fittings. TRACY ENGINEERING I
CO.. 151 Fremont Bt., Fan Francisco. |
TYPEWRITERS, slightly used, sold at cost;
- new Underwood visible typewriter catalog
cent free. R. E.Revalk & Co., San Francisco.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 60 pair;
foot-form shots at $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d St., Exam, bid.; catalog, free.
IMPROVED Singer sewing machine for sale
cheap. 28 Seventh st., room ,9.
A VERY fine diamond heart for $210 at W. J.
HESTHALS. 10 Sixth st.
3. 6 AND 10 hp. gasoline engines; 2d-hand; all
sizes; new.' E/ B. BECK & CO., 122 -Market.
NFW an-! s*"«>M h»>nfl machinery of all kinds.
KROGH MNFO. CO.. 619 Market st.
SAFES— New and second hand THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st. |
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard & Breck. 131 Post »U
MILES of pipe and fittings: all sizes. EU-
GENE RILEY & SONS. 109 Vallejo st.
MOVING - picture film and ' song slides. 109
Montgomery st. . . j
SAFES — New and second hand. E. B. BECK
& CO.. '122 Market st.
All bargains ;ramp stools and chairs :hammocks
metal bcds.mattresses.J.F.Hotter.712 Mission]
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, moving !
picture machines, films. Bacigalupi, 933 Mkt. '
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches; !
all sizes. J. E..DOAK. 46 Fremont st. j
ASK for prices on second-hand, typewriters; all",
makes. ALEXANDER — CO.. 110 Montg'y.
MISCELLANEOUS WAXTsT"
WANTED— Air compressor, duplex, 12x14. belt
- driven; state make.
1 Westlnghouze motor, 60 to 75 horsepower
1 return flue tubular boiler. 64x16, complete
/ with fixtures/ . stack, etc. ; ; give - lowest cash
- - priM.9 9 _SP^M_83H_sCN_fsgnrtB)9_{BjBSfSBSBJ
•All -the above must be in first-class condi-
tion;- to-be .delivered f. o. b. ¦ Sacramento
Box 2608. -. Call office. -
PAINTING, tinting. ; papering and wall paper
cleaning: work. done at right. prices. M H."
MORRIS. 1214 Geary at. ; phone 2159.
I WILL give - 3c each for "••Call pictures."
JONES,: 1514 Park st., Alameda.
BOOKS and libraries bought. H. C. HOLMES.
-.1149 Market st.; phone Jessie 3741. or postal.
I '¦. PAY : hlchest prices for > all kinds of cast-off
. •- clothing; send postal. MORRIS. 970 Folsom.
TILTON "wants good second-hand clothing and
-^theatrical goods. V 154 9th st. ; tel/ Jessie 2S51.
¦ 'A BIO ' price i paid . for ' sealskins; ' send postal.
25 Stockton st. ; phone : Bush 484. - - . -
> OFFICES AND I STORES TO LET. .
>¦ STORED with larse basement; -.below Kearny
¦*;; st. ; rent $30. Apply 636 Clay sc. room 1.
'
, This youngster's IRtle tummy aches,
' Because he's had too manycak.es.
JSuch pills go get, or soothing syrup.
And make the lad grow bright and chirrup,
Of which The Call tells of a score.
There is no charge for this prescription:
You get it free with your subscription.Swindler Is Sent "to Penitentiary.
NEW TORK, Not. 12.— Lawrence Som
erf.eld, who was convicted of grand lar
ceny in connection with an alleged swin
dle in copper mining stock, was sentenced
to-day ., to not , less than two years and
six months, nor more than six years and
seven months in State's prison.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 12.— The . light
house board has awarded contracta for
the construction of five new lightships
authorUad by the last Congress. The
ehlps are to be of th« first class, to be
built of steel,' to be able to run under
their own steam and to carry steam tog
signals -They will be identical In all re
spects and will cost $85,000 each. The ships
will be designated by numbers, not by
narnes. One will be for use off Blunts
Reef, Cape Mendocino, California.
Awards Contracts for Lightships.
DENVER. Nov. 12.— Citizens of Denver
have b«en advised to us» force at the
charter election on December 10 next to
purlfv the ballot. At a public meeting
called by the League for Honest Elec
tions facts and figures were presented
sho-wins that for the recent elections in
this city thousands of illegal \otes have
been counted. Speakers openly charged
that the president of the fire and police
board the Chief of Police and officers in
that department, the majority of the City
Council -who approved the appointment
of dishonest election Judges and a Dis
trict Attorney who failed to prosecute
election thieves, were the parties respon
sible for the present deplorable state of
a Attorney Ralph Talbot declared in favor
of having 500 men armed with rifies go to
the precincts in the downtown districts
where crime on election days is rampant,
ready to shed their blood for the purifica
tion of the ballot at the next election and
the suggestion -was warmly seconded by
Rev Henry W. Plnkham. Several hun
dred men and women cheered the appeal
for an armed force to fight If need be
for an honest election.
Public Speakers Urge Citizens of
Denver to Go to the Polls With
Rifles.
ADVISE USE OF F0ECE
TO PTJB1FY THE BALLOT
NEW YORK. Nov. IX— Richard Croker
was unanimously elected a life member
of the Democratic Club to-nisht. This
honor is shared only by former President
Cleveland.
Democrats Honor Croker.
Arvello and Mr». Arvello Bursotti (owners)
with M. P. Kempton (contractor), architect
, alterations and additions to building, ex
cept painting and plumbing, on 4187 and 41S3
Twenty-sixth etreet: total. $1125.
Wayne D. L. and May Miller (owners) with
John Handschaumacher (contractor), architect
all work for a five-room frame cottage
on~the N line of I street, 67:6 W of Tenth
avenue. W 25 by N 100. outside lands 063;
total, J160C 50. x ¦
Jose Coeta (owner) with Brown Ketcham
Iron Works (contractor*), architect
structural steel and Iron work for a twelve
story buUdlnr on the S line of Ellla street
137 :«E of Mason, E 36:6 by S 69:6; total
$25,900. " ' " • ' -
Sam Tup Society (owners) with M. V. Brady
(contractor), architect Charles Z. Soule^ all
work | for a story and a half brick structure
in rear of, building on the. W Jin* of Dupont
•treeU 123:8 N of Clay, N 63:6 by W 55; to
tal.$2400. :'
Oscar H. and Elisabeth A. Rlckel to Edith
A. and Margaret M. Roney, lot on NW line
of Harrison street. 310 NE of Sixth, NE 25
by NW 60; $10.
Edward J. IlcCutchen to Elizabeth E Mc-
Cutchen. lot on NE corner of Fourteenth ave
nue and California street, N 100 by E 32:8;
gift. *
Florentine Auger (wife of John) to Charles
F. Shiebler. lot on E line of Eleventh avenue,
250 N of Clement street. N 60 by E 120; $10.
John and Ada M. Hinkel to Leopold Dag
low lot on W line of Twenty-nfth avenue. 225
B of Clement street, S 25 by W 130; $10.
Henry Veseey to Margaret McEwan. lot on
TV corner of Rutledge and Franconla streets,
SW 25 by NW 70. lot 1597, Gift Map 3; $10.
William C. and Sarah J. Hamerton to Ar
nold A. and ilary A. Wesendunk. lot on E
line of Dolores street. 1C3 S of Thirtieth, S
25 E 124, NE 25. W to beginning, block 31.
Falrmount;- $10.
Mehetabel L. Lansing to S. Dncas Company,
lot on SE line of Silver avenue^02:4 NE of
San Bruno avenue, SW «3:2. SE 4Co:4, NH
78:1. NW 433, lot 12. Sliver Terrace; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
Johanna and Andres P. Johansen to I C
Echarff. lot on W line of Church street 85 S
of Hermann. S 25 by W 70:6; $10.
Harry N. Hlckei and William B. and Eda
B. Dowllng to same, same, quitclaim deed;
$10. •
Richard Xichols to Frederick Roth, lot on
W line of Broderlck street. 75 S of Hayes S
25 by W 9C:10!4; $10.
Edith A. and Margaret M. Ror.ey to Julia
Jaegeling. lot on S line of Page street. 60
W of Lyon W 25 by S 100; $10.
Ltilian C. Mysell to LUlU? N. Wise- (wife of
¦Wallace A.), lot on X line of Washington
etreet. 165 E of Locust. E 27:6 by >J 127:S v i:
$10.
Union Trust Company and Columbus Sav
ings and Loan Society to George W. Emmons,
lot on W corner of Bryant and Juniper etreets
SW S5 by MV 50. Quitclaim deed; $1.
Joseph II. Robinson to Meta Holland, lot on
S line of Twenty-third street, 100 E of Castro,
E 25 by S 114; $10.
Lulu Colllschonn to Franz Colliscbona lot
on S line of Chestnut street, 100 W of Powell.
\V 63 by 8 137:6; $10.
Frank H. and Felita Heideman to Edith A.
and Margaret M. Roney. lot on PE line of
Perry street 78 NE ot Fifth, NE 26 by SE
80: $10.
Dennis and Ellen Brosaan to Helen I* Smith
lot on NW line of Shipley street. 350 JJE of
Sixth. NE 25 by NW 75; $10.
Margaret and J. D. Coulter to Isidor
Schwartz, lot on S line of Pacific avenue,
137:6 W of Lagvna street. W 30 by S 127:8*4;
THURSDAY. NOVEMBER 12,
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
An affidavit was " presented in which
Charles Fletcher swore he saw Horn
shoot Willie NickelL About forty affi
davits were presented In rebuttal of the
affidavits previously filed on behalf of
Horn.
CHETEN'NE, "Wyo., Nov. 12.— Governor
Chatterton to-day gave a hearing to the
prosecution on the application of Thomas
Horn for commutation of his sentence to
be haneed November 20 for the murder
of Willie Kickell to life Imprisonment.
Victor Miller swore In an affidavit pre
sented to Governor Chatterton that he
never confessed the killing of "Willie
Nickell to Miss Kimball. as alleged by
her. The sweater alleged to have been
worn by Horn on the day of the murder
wa3 identified and Professor Hayne of
Chicago declared the spots on it were
human blood. , .
Governor of Wyoming Receives Af
fidavits Charging Horn With the
Murder of NickelL"
OPPOSE COMMUTATION
OF SENTENCE OF DEATH
The newly honored prelates then arose
and went to each of their brother Car
dinals and gave and received the- usual
fraternal embrace, the choir in the mean
while singing softly.
"When the ceremony of the exchange of
embraces was ended the Pope rose, be
stowed the papal benediction on all pres
ent and then withdrew, the halls and
loggias re-echoing with acclamations as
he passed on his way to hia apartments.
After returning thanks in the Sistlne
Chapel, the new Cardinals, with the other
Cardinals, retired to the hall of the con-
Pistory to hold a supplementary, secret
consls'tors. during which the Pope grant
ed them the privilege of participating In
and speaking at meeting* of the con
gregation, placed the Cardinals' ring up
on their fingers and made each of them
a titular bishop of a church in Rome.'
It was only to-day that the Pope signed
the brief officially appointing Cardinal
Del Val Papal Secretary of State, and
making him a member of the congrega
tions cf rites and of extraordinary ec
clesiastical affairs.
The Pope at the secret consistory gave
Cardinal Del Val the title to the church
of Santa Maria ad Praespe. one of the
oldest in Rome. The date of Its founda
tion is not known, but It 13 certain that
it existed in the fifteenth century.
Thereupon the Pontiff, with emotion,
repeated the usual formula in Latin, used
on such occasions, after which he em
braced the five Cardinals tenderlv.
The Pontiff seated himself on the throns
at Xhe end of the hall, while the Car
dinals went to their stalls on either side,
with the BIshoss at the left-
Intense silence then fell over the as
sembled throne and then the new Car
dinals were introduced by the master of
ceremonies, who. while they knelt one by
one before the Pope, held a Cardinal's
hat over their heads.
His Holiness was clothed in full pontifi
cal robes, with the miter, an immense
emerald sparkling on his finger as h©
raised his hand to bless the assemblage.
Preceding him were the celebrated Swiss
Guards, the Cardinals coming close be
hind them. The Xoble Guards came next.
escorting the Pontiff, who was followed
by a train of bishops, priests, monks and
court laymen, at the end of the procesiion
being another detachment of guards.
The corridors through which the cortege
had to pass and the Sala. Regia. where
the consistory was held, were filled to
overflowing, even the places in the three
tribunes, with seats set apart respectively
for the diplomats, the Roman aristocracy
and specially Invited persons, being un
comfortably crowded.
The ceremonies began at 11:30 o'clock,
when the five Cardinals who were to re
ceive the red hat, Mgr. Merry del Val;
Mgr. Callegari. the Archbishop of Padua:
Mgr. Ajuti, the Papal Xuncio at Lisbon;
Mgr. Taliani. the Papal Nuncio at Vienna,
and Mgr. Katzschthaler, the Archbishop
of Salzburg, Austria, went to tne Slstina
Chapel to take the oath before Cardinal*
Oreglia. Rampolla and Macchi, heads of
the three orders of the sacred college.
Mgr. Men-}' del Val and M«t. Callegari
wore their red robes for the first time.
KOME, Xov. 12.— Pope pj as ne i«j Ms
first public consistory to-day. Five Car
dinals, including the Papal Secretary of
Sta.te. Merry del Val. received their red
hats.
The big benefit to take place at the
Grand Opera-howe during Christmas
week will be the first of what is in
tended to be an annual affair. The fire
department has bought out the Grand
Opera-house attraction for Christmas
week which will be a New York com
pany'in the well-known drama, "A Little
Outcast."
The undertaking of "buying out the
theater" will enable the rtremen to in
crease their funds for the widows and
orphans, provided that the public will
give Its assistance.
The firemen are desirous of abolishing
the former system of soliciting public aid
to help the families of their dead com
rades. They purpose to give the public
"its money's worth" and at the same time
help their most worthy cause. .
Every fireman ta«the city is authorized
to sell tickets for the big benefit week.
The«e tickets will be exchanged at the
box office of the Grand Opera-house for
reserved seats and a large attendance Is
hoped for. The by-laws of the Widows
and Orphans' Aid Association provide for
the payment of J1000 to the beneficiaries
of any member in case of death-
PLAN OF BIO BENEFIT.
Recognizing the condition of affairs
Chief Sullivan. Assistant Chief Dougherty
and other officers of the Fire Department
have worked hard to organize the Wid
ows' and Orphans' Aid Association of
the Fire Desmrtment.
Active members of the Fire Department
or of the Mutual Aid Association of tlie
organization are eligible to membrrship
in the society for aiding widows and
orphans or families of the firemen.
The men will contribute the sum of $1
per month, and though the o-?w society
has only been incorporated a few weeks
nearly 400 men of the Fire Department
have already signed the membership roll.
That there is urgent need of a fund
to aid the widows and orphans of the
firemen is disclosed by the record* of the
department. Since 1S96 fifty-four firemen
have died who were actively connected
with the department.
Other firemen, forced to l^ave their
work by illness, have also passed away.
Only the families of the men killed while
In the discharge of their duties received
any aid from the municipality. The fam
ilies of the balance of the men who died
were aided by the men of the department-
In order to guarantee to the family of
a fireman some assis if.; 1 . 1 . j in case of
death calling a member of the depart
ment, the Widows* and Orphans' Aid As
sociation of the San Francisco Fire De
partment has been organized.
TO AID BEREAVED.
If a fireman falls ill while engaged In
his arduous work the city of San Fran
cisco gives him no assistance. The fire
men have a Mutual Aid Association to
care for their comrades who may fall m.
The firemen donate the sum of 51 per
month to the Mutual Aid Association, and
out of these funds pay for medical at
tendance and allow a small sum per week
to their brother members unable to work.
If a member of the San Francisco Fire
Department dies as the result of injuries
received while on duty the city gives half
his salary as a pension to his widow or
minor children for. a certain time. The
fireman whose death Is not directly
caused by his work leaves those near and
dear to him at the mercy of the world.
If he belongs to the Mutual Aid Associa
tion his comrades will assess themselves
in tb* sum of Jl each to aid his family.
This assessment falls very heavily on the
firemen at times.
FIREMEN HELP FAMILIES.
It is true that if a fireman loses his life
in the discharge of his duties the munlci
palty grants a pension 'to the widow or
orphans of the man who died at his post;
but no provision has been made for those
dependent on firemen who may meet
death from natural causes, but Incident
ally due %o the nature of their work. A
fireman exposed to all kinds of weather,
constantly on duty. ''never knowing any
hour of the day or night when he will be
summoned to fight fire, works under a se
vere strain. * /•
In the matter of providing for the fami
lies of the gallant men who day and night
guard the lives and property of this com
munity's citizens San Francisco is far be
hind other cities.
The cause of the widow and orphan 1j
one that always appeals to the generous
hearts of the citizens of San Francisco,
and bountiful aid Is sure to be forthcom
ing: through the bter benefit that is to be
given for the "Widows' and Orphans* Aid
Association of the San Francisco Fire
Department, which will take place at the
Grand Opera-house during Christmas
week.
Funds to Be Raised by Per
formances at the Grand
Opera House.
Sala Regia.
Pcpe Pius X Holds His First
Public Consistory in the
Widows and Orphans of
Dead Comrades to
Five Prelates, IncludiDg
Papal Secretary, Re
ceive Red Hats.
BECOME PRINCES
OF THE CHURCH
FIRE FIGHTERS
PLAN BENEFIT
THB SAN TEAIn CISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1903.
Northern Wheat Market.
WASHINGTON.
TACO3IA. Nov. 12.— "Wheat — Unchanged.
Bluestem. - 8Oc; Club. '77c.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Nov. r 12.— Wheat— Walla Wal
la. 73c; Bluestera 7Tc; Valley. 75676c.
13
RAILWAY TBAYEL.
g CALIFORNIA g
LIMITED TO CHICAGO |
j Leaves Mondays and Thursdays I
| at 0:30 a. m., through la 8 d«yi, m
H with dlnor^and atl trappings. JS
Other Santa Fa Trains:
l : 5^?*t i or Stockton, Fresno, BiktnfieMs
«:nfti*5*f Merced, Haaiord aa4 VUalia.
4.00 p. ra. for Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kansas Cltr. Grand Caajea and
Chicago.
Txczxt Omci: Ml MarTcst 8t^ aad Ferry
Depot. & F. AIM 11U Bro*dw*T, Oak-
land, CaL
¦ TO SAN RAFAEL
ROSS VALLEY,
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, ETC.
via Sausalito Perry.
Suburban Serrlc*. SUndardGaar* Electric-- 1
Depart from Saa Fraadsco Dally— .: 00, 8:00.
9 do 10-00 11:00 a.ra.. 12:20. 1:*5, Z:1X
5 15 (5:15 7:00. 8:45^ 10:20. 11:45 p. ra.
FROM §AN RAFAEL T6 8AJf FRANCISCO
— DaUT— 525 6:35 ":4O. 8:35» 8:SS. 11:06
a.^712^1:43. 2:55. 3:45. 4:13, 5:45. 6:43.
«-is ."io*2O o. tn.
FROM MILL VALLET TO SAN FRAX-
C1SCO— Daily— 5:« 6:55.-7:62. 8:55, 8:53.
11 .•aoaTmT 12:33. 2:C0. 3:15. 4:05. 5:06.-6:00,
T-C3.' 9:00 10:35 p. ra.
»•«*• THROUGH TRAIN'S.
g:00 a. m. week days — Caxadero and way
stations * • . " "
5:1.1 p. ro. week darn (Saturday 1 tzcepted)—
Tomales aad way stations.
3:15 p., m. Satnrdays— Caiadero aad way
stations.
, Sun-lays only — 10 a. m.. Point Reyes aad
way stations.
TICKET OFFICE— «26 Market St.
FERRY — Union Depot, foot ot Market it.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Qtola Ltae, Tcet «t Xartet 8tf— *¦) ¦ -
L»AV» - fton OCTOBTCT M. lX*. - A»«Wf
7J»* Benlcta,Sal»tta,jaailra sad as^rv
memo ..¦•¦¦..¦¦. Z-*2
7^U V»c»Tiae, Wlatars. Rwouny-. .. .... 7*3»
7 JO*. Jtartlaea. Saa Baaioa, TaUeJ^ ¦
y apa, Callftog*. 3aat»Bo»...... tMf »
7.33* 5l'.es, Uvenaore, Tracy. Lataroa,
Stoektoa 7JM»
SCO* D»ris.WoodJaad, KnigflU Laadlsg.
Marysvme. OraTiae....^.-....- .7«g»
8 00a A U«nUe Express— OgdeaaadXas*. IMIt
843 a Port Costa. M ar.'.aei. AnttoeX BT*
roa.Tracy,3»oe«oaL9a«rsBMa«»,
Se*a»a. Los Baaos. Meadota, t : .
Anaons, Lemoore. Hanfora, ~zh
V>»Ua. rorterHlla 4AT ,
t JOa l»ort Costa, XarUaez. Trscr. Laf>
rop. Modesto, Uareed. rresna,
Ooanea J aaetion. Lemoere, Hsa-
ford. Vlwtfa, Bakertfteld .. 4JT*»
8~5Ca fhm.ia Exrr<"«» — D»t1». -WQltasM
(for Bartlett eprinr»). TUlows, _ „__
tFrsto. b»4 Bluff. Portland . 7.M»
8. 50a Knes, 8aa Jo«. LtTeraaore, Bwclc-
ioa.Io3f,SMrra(Bto,FlMtr»!:ifc
Msrysrllle. Cstco. Bed BlafX 4 2S»
8. 30a Oakdale. Chlaete. JsmeMowa. 80-
nor*. Tnoloanne mod Angels ..... • 79*
9.00a Martiaex aad W»y Stations J.
10. COa VmUeJo- ' _' il_; -. 1" 1*»» -
-,0.00a - -
fort cona. ttarcaes. Br»«.
I Tracy. Lathroa, Stocktsa.
' Merced. Rsrmood. Tremo. Hsa-
ford. VUa'.ia. Bakertsatd. Loi
Angeles . fweav -
bound mrrrres »ia t>j««t Llae)... «1J*r
1 0 CD a The Overland Lrmtted — Ogdea,
Deaver. Omaha. ClttogA. ft?*
1200* Haywsrd. Nile* and Way Stations. J.2S*
•fl-OOr escrnneatontTer Stesaiwn- Til.fW*
• 3. 50* Denictm, wmten. Saerameatt*.
Woodland. Knlghrs Laadtag.
Maryiville, OroTllle and way
stacioaa •- - '*rS*
3J0P E*r»ard.Nr!esaadW»y Ststleos.. 7a5r
S.30I' Port Costa. Msrtlnes. Byrom,
Trsey. Latarop. Moleit*
Merced. Fresno and Wsy St*-
rtoas beroad Port Costa. Tti*
SSOr Slartmex. Tracy. SfJckwn. Lodl... 10.25a
4C0p MnrUaex.S»nR«mon.V»UeJo,Nspa.
C*i:*totca. 8«nte Koaa... „ »^5a
4 OOr IT lies. Tracr. Sfcjcktoo. Lodl *•??*'
4 SQr Hsyward. Xlles. Irrlagtoa. Saa I *«S5 a
Jooe. Litermore « f Jl I. ma.
64)0p Tb« Owl Urnlied— Newnsa. Los
Baaos. Meado;a. Tf reiBO, Tulare,
Baker»fle;<J. Los Angeles ....... I-Ma
6 COr Port Co»ta, Tracy. Stocktoa .«»... iZT&r
t630r Hayward. X!!e» and aaa Jo»e ..~. ,7.25a
6C0p Bsyward. Nlles and Saa Jose. 10 25 a
6-OOp Orientil MaU — Owdea. Dearer,
Omaba, St. L«ul». Cnicago aad
K»->t. Port Costa, Beaida. sul-
•ca. Elmlra, DavU. flacraraentaw
Rocklln. Auburn. Colfax,
Trnckn. Boca. Keno. Wadt-
wc.r«h. Wlnnemaeea. Battle
Mocntsla. Elko 423*
5 00* Vai:»jo. dairy, except Sunday.... I 7 S c_
74>f> Va2«jo. Sunday only ( '"
7X0r £sa Pablo, Port Costs. Uarttaea
and Way Stalioos. H-25a
8C5p Orwron * CaKforala Kxpre»« — S«o-
ramento, MarytTlUe, Beddlag,
Purtla&d. Pnget Pound ana East. 8 55 a
9.10r Bayvard. NUea and Saa Jose (Soa-
dsyonly) IIMa
COAST LINE l.iarrow Caagt*,
(Foot of Market Street.)
1.15a Newark. CentervSle. 8aa Je»e,
Fcltoa. BoaloeT Creek. Baata
Cras aod Way Station*- .......... 5-85*
*I tor Kewtrk. CeatervUle, Saa Jose.
Krw Ahnaden. Lo« Oatos. !>:»«,
IteaWer Creek. Saata Crei sad
Prlaelpal Way Sutions 19-5Sa
4 Ihr Newark. 8aa Joae, Los Gatos aad
way stattoaa.... tS-55 A
'9 30r Ilunters Tratn. Satarday onry. Saa - _
Jo«e and Way Stations. Snaday
only returns from Los Gato* .... 17 25 *
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
»rom SAN Fi:AN CISCO. Fool of Market Su (Slip ?>
— T.-.M »:tu U:«0AJi. 100 3 00 B-ISrai.
From OAKLAXD. Foo« of Broaavay — 1<:00 »:«
t»:«5 MhtOA.M, 12 00 2JtO 4 00M.
COAST LINE <B«*» «•««•).
X3T ( third »p<i Townsead StreeM.)
6.10a 8an J»*e and "Way SuUoa*.^....^ f.|0>
7 COa Saa Jote and War Sutions.. ...... % 33f
8-COa New Almadea (To-«.. Frtd.. «nly>. 4.T0r
8 &0 a Coast Line Ltmtted— Stopeoofy 3aa
Jote. Gllroy (eoaaectlon for IIoI-
Utter). Pajiro. Ca«tro»:i>, sa-
Itaa*. Saa Ardo. Paso Robles.
Ssnta Margarita. Saa Loft ObUpo,
Prlaetpal ststloas tseace Sart
(coanectioa for Lompoe) prlacl-
pa] station* theace Saata Ear-
barm and Let Astele*. Coanee-
Horn at Casxrovine to and from
Monterey aad Pselac Oror» . 10-Cs>
O.COa Ban Jote. Tres Piaos. Cspttola,
SsataCrax,Pa«1fieGrove.9aItaasL
f »n Lais ObUpo sal PrlaclpaJ
Way Stations 4.13*
10.30a fan Jote aad Way Station*. 1.20V
1148a Santa CUra. San Jote, Los Gatoi
¦ and Way Suiloai 7-30i»
1-30r 6an Joie and Wsy Stations ... .... S-JSa
S-OOr Psclflc Grove Expreta— SaataCIar*
E»a Jove. Pel Monte. Monterey.
Paeiae Grove (connects at 3sats>
Clara for Santa Crox, Boalder
Creek aad KarrovGsagePolaU)
st Gllroy for Bollitter. Tres y
Plnoa. at Castrovllle for Saiiaas. 12.1 5^
tJSQr OUroT Wsy Passenger 113 45 a
t4 4Sr San Jose, (vU Saata Oars) Le*
Gatos. aad Principal Way Sta-
tions (except Sunday) *9 23a
!5 3Cf San Jote and Prinejaal Way fttatloas t»COA
8. COp Scaset Lrmtted. Eastbo<rad.— 8aa
Loll ObUpo, Saau Barbara. Lot
i Angeles, Dealing. El P*»o. Kew
< Orleans. New Tork. {Wettbotmil
• arrives via SaaJoaqdaValtey)... «r9 25 a
1 tS.lSr Saallateo,Beresfora.BelBU>Bt.Saa
¦ Carlos, Redwood. Fair Oaks,
Menlo P*rk. Pah> Alto „ r5 4«A
C^Or Eas. Jote aad Way Sutions. 6-5«a
j 11. J3» South Saa FraacUco, UClbna. Bur-
liBgsme. Saa Mateo, BeiBKmt.
Saa Carlo*. Redwood, Fair Oaks.
Mealo Park, and 1*bJo Alto 9 43?
: «H.50r Majfieli. Moanu.:a View, Saaay-
¦ vale, Lawreace, Saata CJar» sad
j Saa Joi»e t>-<3>
' A for Moraiag. P for Af uraooa. "*
( t Soaday oaly
i Etops at aU tuttons oa Saaday.
t Bandar exeested. o Saturday oaly.
«Vta Coaat Line. v Vta S«n Jcaqafa TaOey. "
' tSVOaly trains ttopplog at Valencia Su soataao«a4
, *re*:10A.M_tT:OQA.Jl,n::DA.l«..a::*j'.M.aad«:30r «.
CALIF08NU NORTHWESTELH £Y. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO ANu NORTH PACIRC
SAXLWAT C0K7A2TT.
' TIdotoh rerry. root of Marx«* Street.
1 SAN rSAKCXSCO TO 8 AST BAPAII.
'¦WEEK DATS— 7:S«». »:<». 11 :W a. m.-. 12:33.
3:30. S-10. C:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at U:'J0 p. m.
Satnrdars— Extra trip at 1:50 an« 11:30 p. ra.
i BUNDATfr- S:00. »:SO. 11:00. a. m.; 1:30, 8^30.
1 5:<X> «:20. 11:»» p, m.
, SAJI BaTAEL TO SAH 7&AJTCZSCO.
i^EEK PATS— 6:05. T:35. 7:50. 9.2O. H.15
a a>.: 12:5»>. 3:4O. 5:0O. i:V> p. m.
Baturdays — Extra trip at 2:06 and «:33 p; m.
SVNDATs*— S:<«. »:4O. 11:15 su m. ; 1:40^ 3:40.
4:55. S.05. t-.n p. m.
¦ Leave I In Effect j Arrive
¦ San Francisco.) Sept. 27. 1903. .'Saa Franctaoo.
¦V\*e»k I Sun- I Deatica- I gun- I "STeek
De.ys. I days. I tion. ( days, i Day*.
;^0i 9:00 a 9:10 a ?:*t> a
9:30 a Igsaclo. 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:rJ>p 3:30 p 6:05 p «:20 p
5:10 p 5:00 P 7:35 p[
T SOa »:l«a» »r*>a
8:00 a Novato. . 10:40 a 10:20 •
3:?>0p »:S0 a Petaluroa. 6:05 pj 8:20 p
5:10 p 3:30 p and 7:35 pj" -
| 5:00 p Santa Roaa I
7-30 a ~— 10:40 a|10:» a
8:00 a Fultcn. 7^5 pj 6:20 p
8:30 p 3:30 p I I
!W"tBd»or. !
8:00 a Healdsburg. 10:40 a 10:30 a
Lytton.
a.^v>3:30p( Geyserrille. 7:35 p 8:30 p
J | Cloverdale. | .
7-3O a! S:0Oal Hopland I1O:4O a!lO:tO a
3:3Oai 3.SU p! and Uklah. [ 7:35 p| 6:tO p
7:30a! 9:00ai Wlllrta. |T:35p|6:20p
7:30 a] 8:00 al ll0:«0 aI10:jr> a
3:30 p! 3:30 p : Gaerr.evii:*. | T:35 p! -8:20 •>
7£Oa) S:00a! Scnorna. I 9:10 a! 8:4Oa
5:10 pf 3:00 p( Glen Ellen. |6:0Sp|C:3Qp
7:30 at >>: frt al |10:4O a!10:2O a
3:30 pi 3:30 pi Eebastopol. | 7:35 pj 8:20 p
STACE3 eaRaeet at Green Brae for Saa
Quentln; at" Santa Rosa for White Sulpfcar
Springs i at Fulton for Altrurta and \fark West
Springs; at Lytton fcr Lytton Sprln<»; a4 Ory-
servilVe for Skiiess Springs; at Oover4ale (or
the Geysers. Bocceville aad Greenwood; «t
Hopland for Duncan SprlBgs. Highland Springs.
Kelseyville. Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay. Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blua Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs. Upper Lake. Potno.
PotteT Valley. Jobn Day's. Riverside. Llerly's,
BucknelTs. Sanhedrta Heights. HuUviiie. Orr's
Hot SpTlngs. Halfway House, Comptcae, Canjp
i Stevens, Hopkins. Mendoeino City. Fort Bragg.
I Weatport, Usal: at Wlllits fcr Fort Bragg.
Westport. Sherwood. Cant©,- Covello. Laytcn-
nile. Curamtegs. Bell's Spring!, Harrl* Ol-
sen's. Dyer. Garbervtlle, Pepperwood. Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Sunday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday round-trip tickets to all potsta
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket of. Ice. CO Market street. Cbrcnicl*
botldlng.
H. C WHTTIN'O. B. X RTAX.
Gen. Maaager. Gea. Pa—. Agt.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
Leave TUSnatite ftrrj .Knire
SaaFraacfaco hstsf TUrkst**. Saa FrancUco
Week Sun- - mm Saa- (Week
Days. I days yv-HSsSSStk dayi Dar«.
«1I«1"8:OOa fz&ZZmih l«:O5rif0T*0l
•l:45r 9:OOa Kt SI l:3Sr S:5Or
S:15p 1O:OOa ¥»S5^45Sy S:50f S:.1Op
11:00a 4:50r »:5*f
,, . 1:45p »:5Or
-~_.l S:iarj •*Bf J-.SOrl^^.
¦ftsaact TiA Hag» fcr T Kyssi sU TiHw +**
TKU7 ttJti MAtxi-r ST^(N"ortij Shore RjiUtoskU
WTSaa | and Sausauto Fsasr, Foot Hariv su
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING. '
BIRCH. 615 — Three good unfurnished rooms j
tor housekeeping; (7. Apply 042 Grov* st. |
CHURCH, 269— Two nice connectlnr furnished
rpoms: $13; Castro cr Fillmore cart.
ELEVENTH. 106 — 2 connecting sunny furnish-
ed rooms for housekeeping-.
MODEL HOUSE. 120« Stockton st- — Newly fur-
nished rooms, J5-J12; bath, gas. phone.
SACRAMENTO. 1330—2 hontekeeping room*.
furnished or unfurn.; sunny; 2 large closets.
POLK. C12— $14; bedroom and kitchen; gas
ctove; baths; no children.
VALENCIA. £22^2 ranny housekeeping rooms;
complete electric light and gas; >1C
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
recei%-ed at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10»<$
Valencia st. '
noanelcpsr Rooms— Apartm't Honiet.
A THE LUCERNE '¦
LARKIN ST.. BET. SUTTER AND BUSH:
THE SUNNIEST FURNISHED APART-
MENTS IN THE CITT; THOROUGHLT
MODERN- SUPERIOR SERVICE: CHOICE
LOCATION; ALL CAR LINES: NOW OPEN.
THE Frederick. SOX, Stanyan, opp. Park— rum.
apartments; prl. bath; steam heater; Janitor.
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. stnd TCnforn.
TO BE OPENED MONDAT.
A NEW HOTE"L.
Hotel "Orienta" (European plan), 140 Ma-
son St.. bet. Eddv and Ellis; a new brick
building ia the heart of the city, close to
principal restaurants, theaters and retail
stores; isagniacentiy furnished rooms, elng'.s
and en suite; hot and cold water; baths;
electric lights; s:eam heat: telecbone ia
every room: an all-night elevator service;
f.rrt-e'.ass Hammam baths in oonoectlon;
rate's very reasonable; secure rooms early.
i !
A— BRUNSWICK House. 14S Sixth ft.— Rooms
2Se to $1 per night. $1 2> to $3 per week and '
light housekeeping rooms; open all- night.
I AT '"The Almonte." S73 Market st. for No. 1
Fifth *t.>— Rooms 25c 50c. $1. $1 50 night;
$1 U to $10 week; house open all night.
i EUP.NETT. 1426 Market (o'ld No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rooms, suite, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD. 2Ot Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
I ELLIS. 1309. rear Scott — Nice, large, furnished
room; pas; $S.
| FRANKLIN. 721. near Turk — Two sunny, fur-
| nlrhed front rooms; all conveniences; private
family: $U » aiid $16.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 50c
to $1 T«0 n'.gfct; $1 to $3 week; reading-room.
j LAGUNA and McAllister. St. James flat— Sun-
| r.y single room.
I P.OTAL House. 126 Ellis — Incandescent lights,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles* par-
lor: rooms per night. 36c to $1 50; week. $2
to $5; month. $S to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot ar.d cold water; baths.
• THE Gi:ie?rie 119 9th rt. — Furnished rooms,
Jl r-"-S2 .'¦'.• wk. ; trans.. 50c-$l night; quiet.
| UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy st.. near Market—
400 single and family rooms; 35c to (1 night;
$1 75 to $« week; elevator; electric lights;
reading-room ; free bus and baggage,
VAN NESS. r.IJ* — Handsome sunny furnished
euitej and single rooms; all conveniences.
j WASHINGTON, HC.2 — Ttro uioe sunny front
rooms; bath; with or without board; reas.
j WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d et.. near Market—
Mort convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
Sic to (ISO night; $2 to $s week; elevator;
elee. lights: readlng-ro/m; free bus; baggage.
i ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan 4 Church sts.
I CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
i A BRANCH office for Cali advertisements and
tubscrirtions has been established at 1C96
Valencia rt.
ROOMS AND HO AHD.
"^^~ H^Jf^EL^BALTIiioHE^
VAN NESS AVE.. NEAR GEARY ET.
AMERICAN PLAN.
PHONE PRIVATE EXCHANGE 706.
SELECT FIRST-CLASS FAMILY HOTEL.
HOT AND COLD OCEAN WATER.
SPECIAL RATES BT 5fONTH.
MUNGER & 2EBERG. PROPRIETORS.
i FTEVENSON mansion. tr>7 California st. — At-
tractive and sightly rooms; best table and
service; lowest rates. j
SPECIAL~NbTICES.
i THE adjourned annual meeting of the lot
owners cf the Odd Fellows' Cemetery Asso-
ciation will b* held at the office of the as-
s«5ciatlon en FRIDAY. November 20. 1903, at
{•-.30 a- m., for such business as may be
legally brought befcre It. By order cf the
Board of Directors.
GEORGE PENLINGTON, Secretary.
j SEWINO MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
' NEW HOME sewtr.g machine; this week only;
$lf> Jl?>. $20: slightly used: needles 2C>c do*.
NEW HOME S. \^. CO.. 1051 Market st,
SPECIALISTS.
CATA RRhTdE AFNESS and NOISES In EARS
positively cured: new method; 1 week's treau
rcnt fr^e- Dr. Cottlnghajn. 204 Sutter St.
STITTERING AND ST AM M E R I N O.
MELBOURNE School. Van Ness-Market— Cur«
in every case; individual teaching; no medi-
cine. Inquire Into wonderful cures ;home cure.
MABBIAGE LICENSES.
The fo'lowlnjr marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Carlo Peruca, 26. S00 Seventh etreet. and
Racheie Csta. IS. 533A Seventh street.
P.ob*rt M. Miller, 34. Pleasanton. and Minnie
E. Schmidt. 20. Pleaaanton.
Peter B. McHugh, .TO. 873 Sutter street, and
Noerote Lanoue. 28, 3047 Van Ness avenue.
Frfd Marino. 21. 4(4 Green street, and Rosle
1 t'icaerlln. IS. 1212*-- Ktarny street.
Fred J. Kaehl. 23, Cloverdale. and Claribel
Graham. 22, Cloverdale.
Joseph O. Landgraff. 25. 305 First avenue.
' and Hattie M. Eaten, 22, S33 Shrader street- ¦
A'.fred J Nathan, 21. 1320 Fillmore etreet,
£".1 Frances Straus*. IS. 1320 Fillmore street.
Arthur W. Hextrum. 24. 323 Bartlett street,
and T«r»tia V. Renstrcm. 2O. e2 Sharon street.
George W. King. 29, X09 Tenth street, and
I Flcir»i«» J. Fandfrson. 2O. San Diego.
Ofcauacev n. Peterm^n. 21, Point Arena, and
Minnie B.'Sharr. 21. city.
Harrj' GUssman, 21, 11O5V4 Howard etreet,
! and L)a'.«y Nichols, 18. 115 Bernard Mreet.
An.irew V. McDonnell. 2«. 2211 Mason street,
i and Amelia Ernmel. 24. €17 Bryant 6treet.
Francesco Evela, 26. Black Diamond, and
Giovanna. Balllstrlerl. IS. 603 Bay street.
Maurice Grifnn. 45, Oakland, aad Mary
Burke. 45, Oakland.
Emra K. Dur.lap. 21. 2294 Mission street,
end AgTK>s E. Starrs. 20, PI California avenue.
John T. Fisher, 65. Healdsburg, aad Al-
rr.ira Huggins. . r A Healdsburg.
William N. Brown. 23. 50 Perlne place, and
Marraret H. H!«rr1ne. 21. 4 Blake street.
William E. Wf.k-.r.s. 34. Oaklaad, and Mar-
tha E. Eng'.lsh, 24. Oakland.
Fred OpzK-nr.arn. 23. 404 Broadway, ana
Carrie Slankard, 23, 1334 Turk street.
Wallace A. Cock. 26, city, aad G-rtafle A.
Rlr.g. 17. 2OS3 Sutter treet.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth. marria«ra and death notices sent by
mail win not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once In This coluxna
free of charge.
BORN.
CLEMENT— In this city. November 9. 1903.
to the wifs of Jabish Clement, a daughter.
" MABBLED. ~J ~~
BEIK— GEDEON— In this city. November 11.
VMXl. by the Rev. George W. White, pastor
Ontral iL E. Church, Fred W. Beik of San
Francisco aad Theresa M. Gedeon cf Sac-
ramento.
CLARK — JOHNSON — In this city, 'November
10. 1903. by the Rev. W. C Day, Wllliara
W. Clark and Grace V. Johnson, both of
Ean Francisco.
HAAS— FAT— In this city, November 8. 1903,
by the Rev. George W. White, pastor of Cen-
tral M. E. Church. Charles - W. Haas and
Annie Fay. both of San Francisco.
HANSEN — CHRISTTANSEX — In Alameda.
November 11. 1903. by the Rev. O. Groena-
berg. Han* P. Hansea of Alameda aad Ida
R. Christiansen of San Francisco.
JENSEN— LARSEN— In this city, November
11. 1&C3. by the Rer. O. Groensberr. Peter
Jensen aad Sarah Larsen. ¦
MILLER — SCHMIDT — Ia this dry. November
12. 1M3, by the Rev. O. Groenaberg, Robert
Al. Miller and Minnie E. Schmidt.
RICHARDS— NANKERVIS— Ia thU city, No-
vember 5. 1903, by the Rev. George W.
White, partor cf Central M: E. Church.
George H. Richard* and Katherine L. Nan-
ltenrls, both of Saa Francisco, i
PARRY — AUSTIN — Ia this city, November 8.
1903. by the Rev. George W. White, pastor
of Central M. EX Church. Charles M. Parry
and Hattie F. Austin, both of . San Fran-
clsco. . "
PETRIKOWSKI— MARTENS— la thU city.
November 10, 1903. by the Rev. Paul Branke,
Haas Theodor Petrlkowskl and Sunny ilar-
irr. bota &f Saa Diego. CjU.
REAL. ESTATE CITY FOR- SALE.
ONLY IS LOTS LETT 1
Hi THE NEV/ BLOCK
BOUNDED BY
HAIGHT. '
WALLER.
ASHIJI'RT.
MASONIC.
Every lot en rrac»' of strgst: choicest prop-,
erty :s faacoMs Paahanffl* rH *2£ ct -
Price f2*"«> to $3000.
Terse, 1-5 cash
Balar.ce 1, 2, 3 erl 4 years.
Goln* fast. .
16 lot* scia aorta* r*« '"*•**•
LYON & HOAG. 116 Mor-'-Jrcaery st.
trsoo.
MONTGO'i'XT'-T-AVE. CORKER.
Over 42 *e*t *ro-.* V with two-*tory frame
- - ¦ building.
THOMAS MAGEE * SONS.
5 MONTGOMERY ST.
wnprpv eottacw: Csished complete with
•very rervf r:*r.r*; easy terms; large lota.
« rocrrj— f~~^J.
S IUUW fggg-
7 ro-rr*— U\<*.
g -o<-.~.*— *i»iX>.
jjocated or. First aad Second ave.. Tc-et. |
n.«-r and McAllister « cars and one block j
gg?offVark. F. N-ELSOX. builder.
••~^i A.*kT' f-3 month; cottage. 6 r. and b., oa
Pls^rcce. bet. Jersey. Elizabeth. 2Jth. Amy.
14309—2 new 5ats, 4-5 r. ar.d b : MUs'.cn & 29th.
j'vo <5ewn: rents pays the balance.
r>. COFFIN & CO.. 3303 Mission ft.
pt*IT^r> na your T:nirsprcve<! realty: we loaa j
*-_U <v*t lrnprov. acd r*rt lot at 6 per cent. <
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker building.
FOR rt'.e — SE. corner rt Wksburg ar.-l El!«-
Br#:h: M r/^114: t2iy>. 2^36 Howard st.
TINE income riat« cr. Fulton, nr. City Hall;
rrtMMH*. Inquire 142 Fultcn st-. owner.
REAL, *"«TATE Country — F*««" Sale-
ALFAl*. .-» lands, stock ranches, orchards.
rlaCTarte: inspected barralns; monthly cat*-
K-frcre sect free, C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 64S
Mnrket rt. __^__
TOH pcu:try anfl <alry rsr.rV;»« ytetOteS a good {
r-rcft. HAMILTQN &- KENrRICK.Petaluraa. \
TOIVT RICHMOND REAL ESTATE. ,
T."A"!TR fror.t lois ar/ bareeJns: all tracts; '
tsar*, rhotoe. etc. EEX.U. 417 Parrott t'.gg. :
HEAL ESTATE EXCHANGE.
OAKLAND rrcprty to exchange fcr a sinall j
ranch in Scr.ca* cr Napa Cour.ty. P. C. I
LASgEN* & CO.. 466 Ter.th st.. Oakland. Cal. j
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS |
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
f*>CO — A BARGAIN; 4-rocm cottare; lot 25x !
130: ftr**t work complete; well and pump.
11500 — On* acre: one block cf station, one {
block end a half from electric cars: a big
enar.
$2W0 — Busir.e** comer, larre else; we" !
worth $3500; street work comriete.
t?iO — A hirre rtore In a good location; let j
garlCg: easy terms.
f2CJi*— A T-ir^ra house, nearly rew; lot 'Ox
"4C"; «lrt«t wcrk crr^iet*'.
L J.. MOHAN 4 CO..
2""1 Fha.t-jrk ave.. Berkeley.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS !
:
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLA3TD REAL. ESTATE.
A.ESOX.T.TI7LY r.ew «-roc~i hoes* bath gas
and electricity, elegart panelM <SJn:ng-foorn. i
f.rep'.ace. buffet. e:c; lot 3«ill6; in fash'on- '
tbi« Linda Vista district; $350 down, oclv j
$25 Eonthly; $3250; worth $3500; pellirc a/-- '
oust eranre ft bur :rj**«. Call or address ;
*"C»wn*r." 410 Wa'Fwrth aT».. Oakland.
EFECIAL barFains — Two fine flats, rented frr I
150 j*t raosth; price cr.iy $4700; pood loca- i
tioa; «Jfo a fin* 4-rocm cottage, with bath-
crJy JKTW. P. C. LASSEN & CO.. 4€6 Tenth
rt.. Otklan-*. Pal.
OAKLAND FTRNITTRE FOR SALE, j
TO-i:CRROW the^ay fcr barguiSTlin'TurnT- i
t-r* H. farhrKhaaj, nth gt..cor.8f»rg.Oakl;i'l. :
Mill Valley idvertisements. j
MtfTLL VA1XEV JtEAL ESTATE.
A FINE LEVEL LOT 50x124 FOR $400. "
Terns. 10 per rent cash. $10 monthly; !n
the new tract right at the station: beautiful
view of hay and ilour.t TanoaJdais; water
mains laid. rtre*ts graded; bound to Increase
in \-aJue; or. i-ts no!<3 to date.
T.rON' &- HOAG. 116 Mpr.tergsery st.
SCIENTrriC OPTICIANS. I
DURING the G. A. R. en'-air.r-mert Dr. CUse. J
1C23 Market rt., t*t. €th-Tth. Ctted glasses to '
Gti. M:I*«: y^si wsrt the b«j:t as will as he. j
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
A— E3IPORIVM Ptcrstge & Van Co.T7arrJturei
household g^ods stored. mov*«J. shipped. 725-
Howard «.. nr. Third: phone Grant 1*1.
PIER.<~E-ROr>OLPH Ptorage & Moving Co.'. of-
fir« Poet asd Powell Ka.; tel. Prlve. Ex. 571.
CONKLIN'S Ptoragf— F-jrriture and merchan-
d-.se. 3.TJ Goldetx Gate ave.; phone East 126.
GOLDEN W**t Storage; advances made; «40
M:5ficr. St.: tel. lioward SAL F. 'Or. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Stcrtifn and Furniture Moving Ctein-
pany. 2320 Flllmore «.; phone Jack5on 2SL
EEKIN3 Van an<3 Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
ft.; u-1. Main ] fc 40. yhirrirqr at cut rates.
TVPEWKITEBS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TTPET\-RITERS— W«
•ell better machines for less money than any
h'.-.- in the city; r*ata^ $3. The Tjpewriter
Exchange. K6 California; telephone Main 206. I
A FEW gocd typewriters a t $30 each; get par-
ticulars. :..<.¦:.:. ALEXANDER, 11« Mont-
traiery Et.
2P-HAND typewriters sold, rented repaired.
Wtbfter Tyr-*T»r;:er Inffiec. Co., 50S Market.
LEGAL ADVERTI>EM1;nTS.
Notice to Creditor*. — Estate cf ALICE
SKAE, Deceased.
Notice is hereby given by the undersigned,
tfct execator cf the will cf ALICE SKAE, de- j
c-f-fcwtf. to the creditors cf. and ail persons fcav-
ir* ..-.::.- against, the said deceased, to ex- j
fcifclt them, with the necfcj-sary vouchers, f :::.-
;:. ten <10> oocthf after the first publication cf
i:..t notice, to the said executor, at Its plac*
of bus'.sees. No. 464 Califorclji rtreef, la th«
city and county cf Saa Francisco. State of Cal-
ifornia.
MERCANTILE TRCST COMPANY OF EAN
(Seal.] FRANCISCO, by FREDERICK W.
ZEILE. I»re*ident. Executor cf the WU1 of
ALICE EKAE. Deceased.
Dat«-d »t ftfti Fr&r>rj*r*>. Ortrb^r 22d. 1903.
PROPOSALS.
> PROPOSALS for Clothing ar.d Equipage.
Lx-pot Quarterniarter's Otflce, 3« New Mont-
gomery •-. Saa Francisco. Cailfomla, No-
b. 1903. — feeaied propo«al«. ia tripli-
cate, wai be received at this olflce until 10
o'clock a. Q~, Monday. November 23. 1S0S.
Pacific Standard Time, aad then opened, for
furnlshics at either the Philadelphia. Bos-
ton. Cfclcaco cr San Francieco depots, cf
Mattre«»s, Pillows, Mattre&s Covers. Eed
Sheets, Pillow CaJ»» and Card Holder*, con-
fcnr.Jng la all respects to standards and
specifications to be »een at this offlee. Quajt-
UOej to be subject to aa increase cf 20 per
cest. If desired by the Department. Bid*
lor the saa-.e article* will be opened same
time et the other depots above mentioned.
To avoid nsisundrrstandinc as to the exact
rature cf the articles to be furnished, bid-
<ier> wtil carefully examine the standard
*ampt«s i- .:. '. cpeci^catione. so that tropcs&U
may fa*- mbmltted by tiem with a fell
¦knowledge of what win be required, as an
I absolute corctlianc* with the standards and
*J*c±£eaticc* will be lasisted upon in the
lnfio-ctl'r. cf the goods. Unguaranteed bUs.
and fc:£« for del^'ery or Inspection at other
point* thas those earned above, will not be
considered. Early deliveries are essential.
Bidders rr.nn state la their proposals the
rate and t;-* of dtltvery. ahould contract be
awarded to thfia. Preference will be given
to Articles cf domestic production aad manu-
facture, coriitlccs of price and quality being
?•qual tinc:-j<;;r.g in the price of foreign pro-
duction and rr.ajiuracture the duty thereoa).
*nd cuch prererence wtu be given to artic>s
ox American ;roductioa and manufacture
I.rodueeo en the Pacific Coast to tae extent
cf tlse cawuaatica r«QtsJred by the public
•?rtlce thsre. t*« United States reserves
the rUftt t* accept or reject aajr or all pro-
Pobe1» cr any jArt thereof. laformaUoa and
blacks for prutoeals will be furnished on
epplicaaon. E=ve:p«ai cont&iain* propoeals
w i*J yworsed. "Proooshals No. 8C7»." aad
addre*sM to Major c. A. Devol. Quarter-
master, C. S. Army. i>pot Quartermaster.
7 ' I l?J^^. ta i?, by contract two
battleships will *» received at the Navy De-
>^SS t « Ba i t i J U o'clock noon, oa Friday,
.^auary IS. UKA when they will be pubUdy
»l^!?Hi« \?™iJ Lr tfefiain »f «»e chief char-
acteriEUea cf «tl<j vessels la now ready aad
* ad e - 5ecIac *'J« i s will be ready for
ft i'S? 1 /^.*? 08 * PM 'r*ctlv* % bidder, after
%. b JT- Cras of P"»POsal *nd contract
r^y be hadon application to the Department
DIED.
Baxter. Patrick Layden. Michael
Blethen. James R. Lottl, John
Bliss, Jennie McCarthy, Johanna
Boyd, Catherine A. McFarland. Hugh
Bradford, Frederick Mahler. John D.
Caoevaro. Frank Montelth. James
Childs, Charlea W. O'Brien. James
Dams. Minna O'Connor. William
Demeny, Maggie O'Halloran. Mary
Eacan. Michael O'Neill, John
Fltxgibbcn. David O'Sulllvan, Jeremiah
Francis. John Ryden. Frederick E.
Gately, John Seeger, Emll
Garaventa, Aagelo Shelley, Cart. Wm.
Haas, Carl F. Upson, Irene B.
Hamilton. Wm. J. Van Tassell. Emma
Harrison. Aanl« Wells. Walter J.
Johnson, Andrew
BAXTER— In this city, November 12. 1W8.
Patrick Baxter, a native of Ireland, aged 74
C7Remalna at the parlors of McFadden.
McBrearty & Green. 1171 Mission atreet. be-
tween Seventh and Eighth.
BLETHEN — la this city. November 10, 1903,
James R.. beloved sen of James H. and
Mary E. Blethen. a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 3 years 1 month and 16 days.
C7"Friends and acquaintances ar« respect-
fully Invited to attend the fttneral to-day
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from th« residence
of the parents, 437 Sixth street.
BLISS — In Alameda, November 11, 1903, Jen-
nie, beloved wlfs of J. G. Bliss, mother of
John Joseph Alfred, Arthur Harry and Grace
Hawthorne Bliss; and daughter of the Rev.
John Flynn. Vancouver. Wash. (Oregonlan
please copy.)
CTThe funeral will take place to-day
(Friday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. Intenneat private. Mountain View
Cemetery.
BOYD— la this city. November 12. 1905, Cath-
erine A. "Boyd. aged 75 years.
CyFuneral private?.
BRADFORD — In this city. November 12, 1903,
Frederick A., beloved husband of/ Louisa
Bradford, and father of Hubert. Johfcnie and
Alma Bradford, a native of the West In-
dies, aged 8S years S months and 3 days.
CANEVARO— In this city. November 10. 1903.
Frank, dearly beloved son of Giovanni and
Gercnima Canevaro. and brother of Baptiste,
Nicholas. Katie and Nelchesa Canevaro. a
native of Zoagll, Italy, aged 24 years 9
months and 19 days.
ETTrienJs and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
November 15. 1903. at 1 o'clock, from his
late residence, 533 Greenwich street, near
Stockton. Interment New Italian Cemetery.
Notice — On Saturday, November 14, 1U03, at
10 o'clock, a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul at Sts.
Peter and Paul's Italian Church.
CHILDS — In this city. November 12, 1903.
Charles W.. beloved husband of the late
Mary Ann Chllds, a native of Boston. Maes.,
aged 60 years.
CTTriendi" aad acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral sen-Ices
Saturday, November 14, 1903, at 2:30 o'clock,
at the chapel of Charles H. J. Truman &
Co.. 1903 Mission street, between Fifteenth
and Sixteenth. Cremation I. O. O. F. Ceme-
tery.
DAMS— In this city. November 12, 1903, Min-
na, dearly beloved wife of Henry Dams, a
native of Germany, aged 61 years 10 months
and 20 days.
£I7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
folly Invited to attend the funeral servlcts '
to-morrow (Saturday), at 10 o'clock, at her
late residence. 1105 Clay street. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock
train from Third and ToTrnsecd streets.
DEMENY— In this city. November 12, 1903.
Magg-ie Demeny, beloved wife of Joseph
Demeny, and daughter-in-law of Mrs. C.
Demeny, a native of San Francisco, aged 33
years 2 months and 11 days.
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Saturday, November 14, 1903, at 2 o'clock,
at the mortuary chapel of Julius S. Godeau,
XO5 Montgomery avenue. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
EAGAN — In San L*andro, Alameda County,
Nover.ber 13, 1903. Michael, beloved hua-
bar ] jf Bridget Eagan, and loving father of
Mir^ael. Charles, Delia and Ellen Eagan
ant. Mrs. F. J. Bray, a native of County
Kerry, Ireland, ased £2~ years.
CTTriends and acquaintances ar* respect-
fully invited to att»nd the funeral to-morrow
• Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. San Leandro. thence to St. Leander's
Church. San leandro. where a requiem high
ma;s will b* ceiebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at »:X0 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery, Pan Mateo County, via
electric funeral car on arrival of 12 o'clock
creek boat from Oakland.-
FITZGIBI3ON— In this city, November 12.
lSWtf, David Fitzelbhon, beloved brother of
Eliza Stoidard. Mn>. Mary McCann and the
late Mrs. Amelia Burke of Petaluma. a na-
| tiveof County Cork. Ireland, aged 75 years.
C^Remains at the parlors of McFadden,
McBrearty & Green. 1171 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth.
FRANCIS— Entered Into rest. November II,
1903. John Francis, dearly beloved husband
cf Ancie Francis, and father of Harry find
Raymond Francis, a native of Hull, Eng-
land, aged 49 years. A member of Ahwashte
Tribe No. 89. I. O. R. M.
CTFrtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Friday. November 13. 1303. at 2 o'clock, at
the. mortuary chapel of Julius S. Godeau.
3O5 Montgomery avenue. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
GARAVENTA— In this city. November 12,
1903. Aneelo Garaventa, beloved husband of
Maria Garaventa. and father of Jacob and
Kate Garaventa, a native of Italy, aged C6
years. .
[CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday. November 15, 1S»GS. at 1:30 o'clock,
at his late residence. 7 Lafayette place.
t GATELY— In this city. November 11. 1903.
, John, beloved husband of Catherine Gately,
and lovine father of Mary. Nellie. Agnes.
Anna and Josephine Gately, a native of
County Roscommon. Ireland.
fCTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 40S4 Eighteenth street, near Cas-
tro, thence to the Church of the Most Holy
Redeemer, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
eoul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment
Holy Croes Cemetery.
I HAAG— In this city. November 12, 1903. Cart
F.. beloved husband of Louise Haag, father
of Wllhelmine L. Haag. aad brother of Mrs.
John Funk and Mrs. Robert Adams, a native
of Wurtembersr, Germany, aged 42 years 10
months and 3 days.
HAMILTON— In this city. November 10. 1903,
William J.. beloved husband of Annette
Harclltoa. a native of Canada, aged 59 years
7 months and 23 days.
ETFuneral services Friday, at 11 o'clock,
at the chapel of N. Gray & Co.. 357 Sutter
street-
HARRISON— In this city. November 10, 1903.
Annie, beloved wife of Harry Harrison, and
beloved daughter of Richard and Mary Wil-
liams, a native of Saa Francisco, aged 27
years 4 months and 28 days.
t£7Friendf< and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
iFriday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence of
: her parents. 064 Filbert street. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery, by carriage.
JOHNSON — In this city. November 12. 1903,
Andrew, be?oved eon cf Susan Johnson, and
broth*r of A. W. Johnson and Mrs. M. A.
Thorsori, a native ot California, aged 2!)
years 2 months and 25 days.
*C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 11 o'clock, from the family
residence. 472 Page street. Interment Cy-
pre«s Lawn Cemetery, by funeral car from
Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
LATDEN — In this city, November ~ 1L 1903,
Michael Laydea. dearly beloved father of
James. Charley and Walter Layden and Mrs.
J. T. Crummey, a native of County Leltrlm,
Ireland, aeed S3 years.
K7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of Carew & English, 29 Van Ness avenue,
thence to St. Paul's Church, Twenty-ninth
and Church etreets, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
private.
LOTTI — In the City and County Hospital. No-
vember 12. 1903, Joha Lottl. a native of
Minnesota, aged IS years.
MCCARTHY— In this city. November 11. 1903.
Johanna McCarthy, wife of the late John
McCarthy, and mother of John and Mary
McCarthy, a native of Boston, aged 41 years
9 months and J> days.
rj"The funeral will take place to-day
(Friday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of James McGinn &. Co., 214 Eddy
street, thence to St. Rose's Church for ser-
vices, commencing at 1 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cress Cemetery.
McFARLAND-^In this city, November 12. 1903.
Hugh, beloved husband of Maggie McFar-
land, and father of Thomas McFtarland, a
native of County Leiirlm, Ireland, aged 55
years. A member of the Young Men's
Catholic Cnlon.
CTTrlends and acqualntancea are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
November 15. 1903, at 12:30 o'clock, from
bis late residence. Cl Colton street, thence
to St. Joseph's Church for services, com-
mencing at 1 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
MAHLER— In this «lty. November 11. 1903, at
his residence, 2229 >£ Mission street, between
Eighteenth and Nineteenth. John D., be-
loved husband of Dora Mahler, father of
Gladys and the late Joha H. Mahler, brother
of Mrs. C. Schroder. Mrs. J. Mack and Henry
J. and Christian Mahler, and son-in-law of
Mr. and Mrs. P. Droge.- a native of Hanover,
Germany, aged 39 years 7 months and 28
days. A member of Eureka Lodge No. 9,
K. of P.: Germanla Club, and Court El
Dorado No. 31, F. of A.
E^Trlends and acquaintances are respect- i
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day I
(Friday), at 1:30 -o'clock, from Knights of
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallarher)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr :Vi>i
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South SO.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
. —Funeral Directors and Embalmers.— — i
Formerly In Metrooolitan Temple,
Now at s68 MISSION. Tel. South 167. !
Between Fourth and. Fifth, near Fifth st.
Finest Equipments at Moderate Rates.
Pythlai Hall. 915 Market street, between
Fifth ana Sixth, where services will be held
under the ausolce* of Eureka Lodsre No. 9.
K. of P. latennent Mount Olivet Cemetery.
MONTEITH— In this city. November 12. 1908.
Jamec, beloved husband of Pauline Mcn-
teith. aad brother of Andrew E. Mcntelth,
a native of Tvrone. Ireland, aged 36 years
and 21 days. ¦ .
e^Frienir and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral eervlcee
Sunday, November 15. 1303, at 8:30 o'clock.
at the chaDel of Charles H. J. Truman &
Co.. 1900 Mission street, between Fifteenth
aad Sixteenth. Interment Cypress Lawn
: Cemetery, by carriage. j
O'BRIEN — In this city, November 12. 1803.
James, beloved son of Kllen ar.d the lata
Patrick O'Brien, and brother of May. Nellie
and Gecree O'Brien. Mrs. Thomas Sheehan.
Mrs. O. A. Shaver and the late John and
Thomas O'Brien, a native of County Tlpper-
ary. Ireland, ased 25 years and 4 months.
CTFrlends and acqualntafices are respect-
fully Invllrd to-attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 8:3O o'clock, from his late
residence, 20Vi Rlrurold etreet. thence to St.
Joseph's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul
at 9 o'clock. ¦ Int*nnent Holy Cross Ceme-
tery-
O'CONNOR — Tn Golden Gate, November 11.
1603. William, beloved husband of the late
Julia "O'Connor, and father of James. Dan-
iel and Charles O'Connor, a native of County
Cork. Ireland, a«e<5 TO years.
O'HALLORAN— In the City and County Hos-
pital. November 12, 1JXB. Mary O'Hallorat..
a native of Ireland, aired £6 years.
O'NEILL — In this city. November 12. 1803.
John O'Neill,- a native of Ireland, aced 73
years 4 months and 2S days.
O'SULLIVAN — In this city, November 11, 1903,
Jeremiah, beloved husbanS of the late Han-
nah O'Sulllvan. and father of Mrs. J. M.
Victor, Mrs. PhiliD Evans. Mrs. Charles |
Chllds and Jeremiah O'Sulllvan. a native of ]
'County Kerry, Ireland, aged 48 years and 1
month.
C7"FrIends and acquaintances are respect-
fully lnviwd to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at t»:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of McFadden. McBrearty & Green. 1171 Mis-
sion street, between Seventh and Eighth,
thence to St. Joseph's Church, where services
will be held at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Ciws Cemetery-
RTDEN— In this city. November 12, l»03.
Frederick E.. beloved husband of Ella Ry-
den, father of Herold Ryden, and son of
Frederick and Emma Ryden. a native of
San Francisco, aeed 36 years. J
|T7Remalns at the parlors of Valente,
Marini & Co.. 1324 Stockton street.
SEEGER — In this city, November 11. 1903,
Zmil, beloved husband of Paulina Se*ger,
and devoted father of Fritz, Julius, Emil and
Carl &ee*er. a native of Wurtemberc. Ger-
manv, .-.geJ 3it years 3 months and 23 days.
A member of Gambrinus Vereln and Bot-
tlers' Union No. 293.-
fCyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. Y. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street,
between Seventh and Eighth. Interment I.
O. O. F. Cemetery.
SHELLEY — In Alto, Marln County. November
11, litCJ. Captain William N. Shelley, beloved
husband of Frances L. Shelley, and father
of William W. and Francis G. Shelley,. a na-
tive of N>w Haven. Conn., aged 00 years.
E7"N;>tice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the funeral parlors of Edward Eden, 814
C street. San Rafael.
UPSON — In this city, November 12. 1903,
Irene Burdick Upson. beloved wife of Joseph
t'pson, a native cf Sagrinaw. Mich., a«ed 3*.
years and 12 days. /
CyRecnains at the funeral Darlors of the
H. F. Maaas Company, 917 Mission street. ¦
VAN TASSELL — Emma Starr, dearly beloved
wife ot Then. Van Tas«fll. and mother of
Theo. Starr Van Tassell, Phlllo L. Van Tfts-
eelL Florence Van Tassell and the late Mrs.
Edw. Wainwrteht. (Tucson and Seattle pa-
pers please copy.)
¦WELLS — In Monterey. Mexico. November 12.
1003. Walter J., son of the late J. J. and
Emma F. AVells. brother of Lester K. Wells,
husbanl of Anna L. Wells, and father of
Josephine J. and William L. Wells, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 29 years 10
months and 12 days.
ALUMNAE Association. Collece of Notre
Dame — The annual requiem macs for the de-
ceased members cf the Alumnae Associa-
tion of the College of Notre Dame of
Ran Francisco will be celebrated in the col-
lege char^l at f» o'clock to-morrow (Satur-
day). All member* axe requested to be pres-
ent. MRS. KATE M. LAWLER. Pres.
MARIE E. GEARY, Secretary.
CARD OF THANKS.
Mr. and Mrs. F. H. Curler desire to thank
th<>!r ninny friends and neighbors for the
: Vini sympathy extended them in their late
j biwnv'TU'rit. ¦. . .
«££«V • rrirvir ft BitrUJ JJv^MTbViWIi
ijjje Dr.R.LWalsh
JjjEp^ tw rtcatl etotsl prMtie)
Ik *\ 847 Geary St
Itmtiy eppesiU 8irtt«g» Hall
Reduced Rates for Thirty Days
Painless Extraction 25c
Fillings . . . " 50c
Crowns $2.00 to $5.00
Plate Work . - - $5.00 to $25.00
i LOOK r OS THIS ID. EACH OTESS DAT.The band connected with the Third Ar
tillery Corps will : give a concert, at the
Presidio this afternoon from 3 ;30 to 4:30
o'clock. The following programme will be
rendered under* the direction of Leader
Armand Puti: March, "Imperial Ed
ward" (Souea); overture, "William* Tell"
(Rossini); waltz, "Espanita" (Rosey);
prologue and intermezzo from "Pagllaccl".
((Leoncavallo); characteristic, "Laughing
Water". (Hager); cakewalk, "Congo Love
Bong," Cole and Johnson. .
Concert at Presidio.
Lieutenants of Police Kelly, Gleason,
Duke, Colby, Burnett and McManus
struggled yesterday with the questions
put to them in the civil service examina
tion for promotion from lieutenant to
captain In th© Police Department. The
questions related to general, knowledge of
duties, writing of reports and arithmetic.
There Is one .vacancy to be filled, caused
by the death of Captain Birdsall, and
the appointment : will be made when the
eligible list Is announced.;. :'*-.-V
Want to Be Captains of Police.
Supervisor Loughery lost three more
votes In the' Sixth Precinct of the Thirty
fifth Assembly | District ' in the | ofliclal
count by the Election Commissioners yes
terday. This leaves Loughery but eight
votes' in the. lead for the eighteenth Su
pervlsorshlp.and Hocks is confident that
he will overcome the lead when the count
Is concluded." .
Hocks Closing Up the Gap.
An Important Mark Decision
. The United States Circuit Court of Appeals
has recently handed down a decree which
makes H unlawful to use the name of a
NATURAL, product as a designation for an
artificial manufactured oroduct.
This decree was rendered -In- the cane of one
William T. Thackeray In Chicago and enjoined
him from uslnr the word "Hunyadl" on his
artificial Hunyadi Oeyza water which he had
been manufacturing from Lake Michigan water
doctored with chemicals, in Imitation of the
Imported Hungarian Natural Mineral water,
Hunyadl Janos.
This decision should . act as a protection to
the public against unscrupulous imitators.
Elton Shea and Chris Elsus. boyB, who
were found sleeping in a freight car, came
up before Police Judge Mogan yesterday.
Eleus" parents live In the city and he was
turned over to them. Shea belongs in
Montana, and he told the Judge that he
had arrived here by the slow freight, hop-
Ing to get a job at the racetrack at Em
eryville as an exercise boy. He had been
employed In Montana in that capacity by
a horseman named Sperry. He asked the
Judge, to let him go and he would make
his way to Oakland to be ready for the
opening of the racing season on Satur
day. As he was a bright lad the Judge
gave him 50 cents with which to pay his
fare across the bay, then discharged him.
Judge Helps a Boy.
Among those who will speak at the ban
quet are Alex. M. Southerland of Oak
land, Dr. David Starr Jordan of Stanford
University, Norman Guthrie of Alameda,
George St. John Bremner and Mrs. Virgil
Williams of this city, Professor H. W.
Rolfe of Stanford University and Rev. E.
C. Baker of. Oakland.
The members of the Stevenson Fellow
ship Club will gather at their third an
nual banquet this evening at 8:40 o'clock
at the California Hotel. At 8 o'clock the
members of the club will assemble at
Portsmouth square and decorate the
Stevenson monument.
Admirers of Dead Author to Decorate
Monument and Gather at An
nual Banquet.
STEVENSON'S MEMORY
WILL BE HONOBED
City Engineer Grunsky filed a diagram
of the surveys in order that the lines of
Twenty-seventh avenue South, between
Railroad and Thornton avenues, may be
determined, and showing the obstructions
thereon. In preparing the diagram It has
been assumed j that Twenty-seventh ave
nue has been opened. on the lines of the
Bay View homestead survey.
The sample from Lake Elinor showed
but 1.4 parts of total solids in 100,000, and
a fixed residue of 1.0. That from the Tu
olumne River gave 3 parts of total solids
and a fixed residue of 2.6. Spring Valley
water, which Grunsky says Is a good
water, shows 25.6 total solids In a sample
taifeen November 7 last from Crystal
Springs and a fixed residue of 19.2, while
that ¦ from Lake San Andreas gives 1S.8
total solids and a fixed residue of 14. S.
• The Board of Works adopted a map
showing the district to be assessed for
changes of grades on California street be
tween Twenty-seventh and Thirty-first
avenues, and set November 23 as the date
for hearing protests against the same.
The hoard disapproved of the plans for
a hall to be erected on Market street,
near Sixteenth, by the Market Street and
Eureka Valley Improvement Company,
as they do not comply with the building
ordinance.
The board recommended that grades be
established on Gordon street.
City Chemist Green filed yesterday with
City Engineer Grunsky a statement of the
chemical analyses of water taken from
Lake Elinor and the Tuolumne River,
which the Board of Public Works has rec
ommended as a desirable source for a mu
nicipal water supply system. Green some
time ago pronounced the water as being
of a very pure quality, and his figures
bear him out.
City Chemist Gives Fig
ures on Tuolumne
Samples.
GREEN SUBMITS
WATER ANALYSES
WANTS TO SEND RELICS
OF CITY'S EARLY "DAYS
Sir John Campbell of Auckland Of
fers to Make Donation to Park
Museum.
Frank Dlllingham, Consul General at
Auckland, New Zealand, has written to
the local Chamber of Commerce that Sir
John Campbell would like to donate to
the Park Museum some relics of San
Francisco's early days. Sir John came
to this city In the bark Novelty In the
spring of 1S5L He remained here only a
few months but during that time the city
was visited by two greet fires which de
etroyed first one-half of the business sec
tion, then the other.
He gathered a few Tellas, consisting for
the most part of melted Iron and glass,
and took them with him on his return
to New Zealand. Sir John thinks that
Ban Francisco would like to have these
mementos of the old days, but Is not cer
tain, so he asked his friend to write about
it. Consul General Dlllingham writes that
Eir John is one of the most prominent
figures in the history of the island In the
Southern Seas.
Will Hold an Alumni Reunion.
The Alumni Association of the Sacred
Heart Presentation Convent will hold Its
annual reunion in the convent hall on
next Sunday afternoon at 2:30 o'clock. An
•laborate programme has been prepared.
All former pupils are invited to attend.
The college is at the corner of Ellis and
Taylor streets.
Rummage Sale for Grace Church.
The members of the Ladles' Aid Society
of Grace Methodist Episcopal Church
have- opened a rummage sale at 537 Sixth
street. The rale will be continued during
the rest of the week and the proceeds will
be devoted to the fund of the church.
A SERIES of entertainments for the
benefit of the Episcopal Old La
dies' Home will be given at Lyric
Hall, beginning to-night. The
entertainments will be con
ducted under the direction of the ladies
of St. John's Episcopal Church and all
the funds derived are to be applied to the
laudable purpose of making easy the
evening of life for a large number of
interesting elderly women who have been
compelled to seek the shelter of a char
itable home against the slings end arrows
of outrageous fortune.
The opening entertainment will consist
of a performance by a large number of
children under the direction of Miss Jean
Logan in~a~comedletta~ entitled "A Day
and a Night In a Doll Shop." This will
be given to-night and to-morrow after
noon. On Saturday night five of the lead
ing figures In society and artistic circles
will present Wynn Miller's old-time Eng
lish one-act play, "Dream Faces." Those
who will take part are Robert Aitken, the
sculptor, who will take the character of
Philip; Mrs. J. Wilson Shiels. who will
impersonate Lucy; Mrs. C. F. Me Wil
liams, who will assume the character of
Margaret; Dr. Langley Porter, who will
be Robert, and Miss Elizabeth E. Gibbs,
who will be Annette, the servant.
CHILDREN WELL DRILLED.
Miss Logan has drilled the children ex
cellently and the performance of her
pupils gives every promise of success.
But after all "the play's the thing." . So
ciety In Us exclusive range wants to see
how Its favorites will appear before the
footlights and Bohemia Is wondering
whether or not "Bobby" Altken will for
ever bid adieu to the chisel in favor of
the buskin. The recrudesence of dramatic
effort is rare in San Francisco exclusive
MANY STABS TO APPEAB
AT THEATBICAL BENEFIT
Actors Prom All Local Theaters Will
Lend Services to a Worthy-
Cause.
E. D. Price and John Morrlsey, th© com
mittee on programme for the fifth annual
benefit under the auspices of the Asso
ciated Theatrical Managers of San Fran
cisco In aid of their charity fund for the
sick and needy In, the profession, which
benefit Is to take place at the Columbia
Theater Friday afternoon, November 20,
have received so many applications from
volunteers for the occasion that they
could easily give a bill that would last
from noon till midnight From the host
of attractions submitted, however, they
have culled the best, and* they confidently
announce that the performance will be the
very best ever offered in the annals of
local theatrical history.
William V. Kelly and Julia A. Herne
will represent the "Ben Hur". company,
Virginia Harned and her company will
present an act of Pinero's "Iris," the-Al
cazar Stock Company . will present" the
third act of "Lady Bountiful," \ by the
same author; Rose Melville,. the. original
"Sis Hopkins," and her company will
come over from the California; the prin
cipal artists and chorus • from { tho
Tivoll .will be heard In grand
operatic selections, under » the di
rection of Paul Stelndorff, and the con
tribution from the Central Theater will
be the beautiful second act of "At Valley
Forge," showing Washington crossing
the Delaware. The Orpheum will send
four of the best acts from the current bill
and the Chutes promises an acrobatic sur
prise. The overture will be played at 1
o'clock sharp on account of the extreme
length of the programme. Tickets are on
sale at the box offices of all the theaters.
Car Collides With Wagon.
Adolf Hoffman, driver of a butcher cart,
was run down by a McAllister-street car
and thrown from his vehicle yesterday
afternoon at City Hall avenue. Hoffman
was fortunate enough to escape with a
fracture of his ankle bone. He. was re
moved to the Emergency Hospital and
later to his home, 23 Beaver street.
Mr. Ward has been connected with the
express company In Mexico for twenty
one years. He Is a native of Northern
California and has come here for pleas
ure.
E. E. Steiner, general superintendent
of the Mexican Central Railroad, accom
panied by L. L. Ward, superintendent of
Wells, Fargo & Co.'s express in Mexico,
and Paul S. Leitz, president and general
manager of the Mexican s Construction and
Engineering Company, arrived In a spe
cial cai from the City of Mexico yester
day and are registered at the Palace
Hotel. Mr. Steiner is on his way to his
old home In Indiana. In discussing af
fairs in the southern republic, he said
there is a great boom on there now, and
particularly In the City of Mexico, where
Ihe records show that in the montn of
August there were more buildings in
course of construction than In New York.
Continuing he remarked:
"The City of Mexico has passed the 350,
000 mark in the matter of population, and
now has more than 5000 Americans. All
the better class speak English, which is
being taught in the schools, and with Its
modern utilities, such as a new sewer
system, electric lighting, street car lines
and good schools, the city is rapidly
forging ahead.
"The Mexican Central is operating 3000
miles of road, a regular trunk system,
and if I do say it the road Is to be com
pared favorably with any of the Western
lines in this country, in so far as grades,
roadbed and depot buildings are con
cerned."
Superintendent E. E. Steiner Making
Tour of West in Private
Car.
OFFICIAL OF MEXICAN
RAILWAY VISITS CITY
Nicola Crudo and > his nephew, Joseph
Crudo, appeared before Police Judge Con-
Ian yesterday morning. After Detective
H. C. Reynolds had sworn to the com
plaint charging them with the murder of
Prospero Migalo at Green and Kearny
streets on Sunday, they were instructed
and arraigned. Nicola looked very seri
ous, but his nephew was smiling all the
time and did not seem' to be in the last
Impressed with the gravity of the charge.
Attorney Spinettl,' on behalf of Joseph,
said he was ready to proceed, but as
the defendants were Jointly charged.
Assistant District Attorney Weller asked
for a continuance for a week. This wai
opposed by Splnetti and the Judge com
promised by ordering the case continued
till" Monday. Meantime tho Inquest on
the body of Migalo will be held by the
Coroner. • ¦ . .
Nicola Looks Very Serious but His
Nephew, Joseph, Is Smiling
and Confident.
CRUDOS ABE ABBAIGNED
ON CHABGE OP MUBDEB
A chorus composed of five little girls
will sing several pretty selections, espe
cially adapted for the occasion.
Preceding the play there will be given
a series of beautiful living pictures under
the direction of John Hausman. The play
will be under the auspices of the New
Comedy Company of San Francisco,
which proposes to put on some elaborate
productions in the near future.
Following is the cast of characters In
"A Day and a Night in a Doll Shop":
Shopkeeper. Gf-orge D«nnlson: maid. Edward
C. Wynn; German customer, Dr. Siberst; let
ter carrier and expressman. Charles Logan;
child with broken doll. Margaret Blair; Eng
lishman, William Clifford: his wife. Ellen llc-
Dermot: his son. Martin Regensburger; dolls —
Frederick Gomaz, Alice Titus, Florence Pip«r,
Violet Oatman Anna Myer. Helen Kurd, Ger
aldlne Burke; fairy. Flora Dietuh.
LIVING PICTTJBE DISPLAY.
Developments In the rehearsals promise
great things. Mrs. Shiels has always
taken an interest in dramatic work and
has made a deep study of it. Mrs. Mc-
Williams, whose husband is connected
with the Pacific Mall Steamship Com
pany, with headquarters at Yokohama,
has taken a leading part In* theatricals in
tho Orient, where the English speaking
population gathers and presents its own
plays with its own people on a scale of
magnificence that would shame many a
metropolitan playhouse. "Bobby" Altken
has always evinced a talent for acting
and is so clever that one almost doubts
that so great a sculptor can be so good
an actor. Dr. Laneley Porter, who has
taken the place of Dr. Wilson Shiels, un
expectedly called East on business, Is
fitting himself splendidly into a difficult
part. Miss Elizabeth IS. Gibbs, as An
nette, has only to bring on a card, but
her appearance Itself will add greatly to
the interest of the production.
circles and the select are watching fever
ishly for the outcome.
Miss Bertha Berwin of New York is
visiting Mrs. Morris Hyman, 2230 Sacra
mento ¦ street, and received her friends
yesterday afternoon.
Dr. and Mrs. Pischel will leave for a
trip to the Hawaiian Islands about No
vember 18. ¦ "; ¦
The first annual meeting of the State
Board of California Sunshine was held at
the home of the president, Miss Ayer. 1622
Clay street, yesterday afternoon. Mem
bers of the advisory board present were:
Mrs. John F. Merrill, honorary . presi
dent; Mrs. Isidore Burns, Mrs. George W.
Caswell, Mrs. J. W. Ruggles and Mrs.
Washington Ayer. Reports were read
from the various branches throughout
the State, letters of appreciation from
those benefited by the organization were
presented and an appeal was adopted,
which had been sent in by Mrs. Lovell
White, requesting that the presidents of
all clubs sign a petition to save the Cala
veras Big Trees.
An Informal reception followed the pro
gramme and the afternoon proved most
enjoyable.
Miss Edith Hank sang two contralto
solos, accompanied by Mrs. H. E. Suther
land. Mrs. Malcolm Johnson entertained
the members with readings, including
"The Ruggles' Dinner," by Kate Douglas
Wiggln, and an anonymous poem, "At
Odds With the World," and gave one of
Roles' poem as an encore.
Members of the Papyrus Club held an
interesting meeting yesterday afternoon
at Utopia Hall. The president, Mrs. C.
Mason Klnne, presided and an enjoyable
programme, arranged by Miss Ella V.
McCloskey. was presented.
The programme opened with wit and
humor, embodied in clever stories by the
members. Miss Adele Mellisch rendered
a selection on the violin, accompanied by
her sister. Miss Ida Mellisch.
An important feature of the afternoon
was an address upon "Women" by Rev.
Dr. Neito. In his remarks Dr. Nieto
urged the broad education of women and
pointed out America as the greatest ex
ponent of that broader education. He In
sisted that the strong and helpful Influ
ence of women behind the men had made
America the greatest country in the
world.
Mr. and Mrs. William L. Spencer enter
tained at dinner last evening compliment
ary to Mr. and Mrs. Louis Masten. The
dinner was given at the home of the
Spencers on Vallejo street. The table
was prettily decorated with a profusion
of violets. The guests were Mr. and Mrs.
Louis C. Masten, Mr. and Mrs. Henry F.
Dutton, Mrs. Thomas Benton Darragh,
Mr. and Mrs. Edwin C. Ewell. Miss Maye
Colburn, Frank Muchmore and Major
Stephenson, U. S. A.
The guests yesterday comprised sixteen
friends. They were Mrs. John J. Dean,
Mrs. William L. Spencer, Miss Gertrude
Palmer, Mrs. Arthur Wallace, Miss Amy
Gunn, Miss Laura Farnsworth, Miss May
Sharon. Mrs. Bryant, Mrs. Paul Bancroft,
Miss Gladys Deal, Miss Clare Swiegert,
Miss Mabel Cluff and Mrs. John McGaw.
Mrs. James A. Snook was hostess at a
charming little tea yesterday afternoon
at her home on Broadway. The tea was
the first of a series, the second of which
will be given this afternoon and the third
next week. The decorations were simple
and in excellent taste, the table being
decorated in pale yellow chrysanthemums
and autumn leaves.
Mrs. and Miss Gregory were assisted by
Mrs. A. P. Llvermore. Mrs. Ansel Easton,
Miss Beaver, Mrs. Penncyer, Mrs. Selby,
Mrs Thomas Bishop. Mrs. J. D. Spreck
els Jr., Miss Sue Bixby, Miss Bessie
Palmer, Miss Edith Selby. Miss Elizabeth
Huntlngton and Miss Marie Louise Par
rott.
The tea given by Mrs. Henry Payson
Gregory and Miss Elise Gregory yester
day afternoon was one of the most de
lightful that the season has offered
thus far. The Gregory residence at
2306 Vallejo street was made artistic
with yellow and white chrysanthemums
and pink and white roses, interspersed
with foliage. The receiving hours were
from 4 to 6 o'clock, during which time a
large number of callers were hospitably
entertained.
GREGORY TEA
AMONG SEASON'S
LEADING EVENTS
Metayer Is about S5 yearn of age, well
appearing and evidently a man of cul
ture. Ho carried with him eeveral let
ters of credit from Paris banks and let
ters of Introduction to a number of busi
ness firms of this and other American
cities which he no doubt contemplated
visiting on his way to France. The firm
of which he is a member is R. Metayer
& Co. of SI Rue des Petites Kcurles, Paris,
and his card bears the inscription, "Con
seiller du Commerce, Exterieur de la
France."
Realizing that bis patient needed im
mediate care, Dr. Noble notified the
French Vice Consul of Metayer's condi
tion and it was decided to remove him
to the French Hospital. Tlis unfortu
nate your.g man is of athletic build and
th« physician feared that If his halluci
nations grew more frequent and pro
nounced he might prove a dangerous pa
tient to handle. Metayer, however, was
eq^ily persuaded to go to the hospital,
and later in the morning the Vice Consul
cabled his firm in Paris of the predica
ment of its representative.
After being barricaded In his apart
ments at the Palace Hotel for several
days, during which he was laboring un
der the hallucination that he was an ob
ject of ccnteixiDt of the San Francisco
public, Rodolphe J. Metayer, a member
of a large mercantile firm of Paris, was
yefcterday removed to the Ftench Hos
pital, where his apparently hopeless case
of melancholia will be attended to until
his relatives in France can decide what
disposition to make of him.
Metayer, from what could be gleaned
from him during his rational spells, has
been In Sydney for some time inquiring
Into the affairs of a branch house in that
city, and recently returned to San Fran
cisco by way of Victoria, arriving here
Saturday last. When he registered at the
Palace he appeared to be all right men
tally and continued in a rational mood
¦until the following day, when he refused
to leave his room and Insisted on his
meals being brought to him. His actions
attracted little attention until early yes
terday morning, when he complained to
one of the attaches of the hotel that mys
terious beings were hovering about his
apartments and were scoffing at him.
Later he eaJi he was ill, and asked that
& physician be summoned. Dr. Albert
J. Noble responded to the call, and pro
nounced Metayer's case one of melan
cholia. To the physician the young
Frenchman told of his visit to Sydney
on a business mission, and then in a ram
bling manner made frequent references
to financial losses, which seemed to great
ly trouble him. He also said that while
In Sydney he attended a ball, and hardly
bad he enured on a discussion of the
two Incidents of his trip before he grew
v-ild.
Judge Troutt granted Jessie A. Gunn a
divorce from Rvis Gunn for neglect and
cruelty, and Judge Seawell severed the
ties uniting Murray E. Taylor to George
W. Taylor on the ground of desertion.
On complaint of Nellie E. Leonard,
Judge Sloss annulled her marriage to
Frank C. Sullivan. The wedding took
place within a year after her divorce from
F. W. Leonard, and in consequence the
ceremony w.xs invalid.
Suits for divorce were filed by Charles
A. Serin against Louise Serin for infidel
ity, Narclsse Lefflori against Clara Lef
fiori for desertion, Annie Jackson against
John Jackson for neglect, arid Irene Mc-
Mahon against Joseph McMahon for de
sertion.
Judge Hebbard annulled the marriage
of W. J. Reed to Selina P. Reed on com
plaint of Reed. Mrs. Reed is insane. He
also granted Horace Wilber Mann a di
vorce from Carlotta Mann for desertion.
Adeline Straub's fondness for having
her parents about her is the cause of the
rift in her matrimonial happiness, if the
allegations made yesterday by Frank
Straub in a complaint for divorce are to
be believed. He says that from the time
of his marriage to Mrs. Straub at San
Jose on July 15 last up to September 30.
when she left him, he was a most misera
ble man and all because of the presence
In his home of the parents of his wife.
Straub alleges that the day following
his marriage Mrs. Straub brought her
father and mother to their house. He did
not object to the presence of the old peo
ple, he says, for a week or so, but when
they showed no signs of cuttting their
visit short he made a few decided re
marks about a man's home being his own
and about the treatment that should be
accorded intruders. Still they remained,
he saya, and finally his wife tegan neg
lecting his Interests in order to cater to
the wants of her relatives. He says that
she would prepare fine meals for them
and never invite him to join them, even
going so far as to compel him to prepare
his own meals. When he objected she
would tell him to mind his own business,
and finally, on September 30, they left
him to his own devices. Before going,
however, says Straub, they drove his two
children by a former marriage into tho
street, carted away all his furniture and
left him, forlorn and miserable, to hunt
up. his little ones and do the best he could
with them in an empty house.
Antoinette Amanda Thumler was grant
ed a divorce for desertion from William
Thumler by Judge Graham. She was also
given permission to resume her maiden
name, McClure. Three weeks after her
marriage to Thumler at Alameda, Jan
uary 29, 1900. he embezzled the funds of
his employer, Alexander Forbes, and ran
away. • Judge Graham also granted a di
vorce to Vivian P. Petltt from Alfred Pet
ltt for neglect, and Nellie L. Fronk from
George Fronk for cruelty.
"I will go on with, the work," said Mrs.
Krebs yesterday, "as soon as I know
whether a sufficient amount of money will
bo raised by the redwood lumber manu
facturers to insure success. I will know
all about that within a week probably.
I think that about J5CX) will be necessary
to meet the cost of preparing an adequate
redwood exhibit."
Mrs. Krebs is a handsome, gray-haired
lady, who appreciates tho compliment
that has been bestowed upon her and
also realizes that the business ability of
women has been recognized.
Recently the redwood lumber manu
facturers have been seriously considering
the advisability of making a display of
redwood in commercial and also :n other
forms at the St. Louis Exposition. The
sugar pine lumber men of the State have
mad© plans, by which they hope to aston
ish all spectators by the size of ihe lum
ber to be displayed. The sugar pine men,
for instance, will have an enormous
trunk of a sugar pine tree, sawed into
planks and then put back Into tree shape,
with one tall plank standing on end
among Its fellows to catch tho eyes of
the multitudes. Then there are other
suear pine exhibits that have been pre
viously described in this paper.
The redwood lumber manufacturers
have as great a pride in their output as
tha sugar pine men have in theirs. To
have sugar pine alone exhibited would be
unfortunate. In casting about to have
a committee headed by some one com
petent to insure success for the exhibit
to be made up for St. Louis the redwood
lumber manufacturers have appointed
Mrs. Krebs.
The redwood lumber manufacturers of
California have done a graceful deed.
They are men, with one exception. The
one person of the other sex who Is en
gaged In getting California redwood Into
the markets of the world Is Mrs. Abble
E. Krebs. She Is the president of the
Casper Lumber Company and In that ca
pacity has shown executive and business
ability that have won the respect of all
her competitors In the business world.
Condition of . R. J- Metayer
Leads to His Removal
to a Hospital.
She Is Selected to Make the
Show at St. Louis a
Success.
When They Left His Spouse
:; and Furniture Also
Disapp3ared.
Young Parisian Declares
Strange Beings Are
Haunting Him.
Mrs. Krebs of Redwood
Elected President by
Manufacturers.
PALACE GUEST'S
QUEER ACTIONS
Frank Straub Says Their
Visit Was Too Long
to Be Pleasant.
WIFE'S PARENTS
CAUSE TROUBLE
CHARITY SPURS SOCIETY
TO THEATRICAL EFFORT
Entertainments to Be Given for Benefit of Episcopal Old
Ladies' Home Will Consist of Comedietta and Old
English Play to Be Rendered by the Exclusive Set
APPOINT WOMAN
TO LEAD THEM
THE SAN FB AN CISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1903.
TWO CLErVBR SOCn3TY WOMEN WHO WILL, TAKE PART IN
"DREAM FACES." WHICH WELL, BE GIVEN FOR THE BENEFIT OF
THE EPISCOPAL, OLD LADIES' HOME.
Wedding cake boxes, wedding stationery. Ed
ward S. Knowlca. 24 Second *W Maia E&A. •
on cow's milk that is not subject to any
change of composition. Borden's ; Eagle
Brand Condensed Milk is . always the
same In all climates and at all seasons
As a general household milk ltls supe
rior and ia alwava available. *
Infants Thrive
Several candidates, for office. at the last
election filed statements of their expendi
tures with the Registrar yesterday. Aud
itor Baehr spent $398 45, Supervisor Comte
$120, Recorder Godchaux $337 50. The
amounts are all within the limit allowed
by the purity .of election law.
Expenses of Candidates.
14
ADVERTISEMENTS.
£¦ »" «•**•*'* / .* /*' *" !• //'.„ ¦ • ¦ ¦•..'¦
RESeSlEr \* '^ i .-•••"•* ¦-^. \ ' '&'•? """fwN \ '. '.'¦.-' •*,*•*•'. ¦* \£
B|y-ffi'Another club woman, Mrs. Haule, of
Edgerton, (Wis., tells, how she was cured
i of irregularitiesYand f uterine trouble, ter-
[riblelpains^nd I backache, by the use of
ILydia E; Pinkham's Compound*
"Dear Mrs. Pinkham: — A while ago my health began to fail
.because of female troubles. The doctor did not help me. I remem-
bered that "my mother had used I<ydia E. Pinkliam's Vegetable
Compound on many occasions for irregularities and uterine troubles,
and I felt sure that it could not harm me at any rate to give it a trial
"I was certainly glad to find that within a week I felt much better,
: the terrible pains in the back and side were beginning to cease, and at
the time of menstruation I did not have nearly as serious a time as
heretofore, so I continued its use for two months, and at the end of
j that time I was like a new woman. I really have nover felt better in
t my life, have not had a sick headache since, and weigh 20 pounds more
. than I ever did, so I unhesitatingly recommend your medicine." — 3I&3.
[May Haule, Edgerton, Wis., Pres. Household Economics Club. -
FREE MEDICAL ADVICE TO WOMEN. v
*• — Don't hesitate to write to Mrs. Pinkham. She will understand^
your case perfectly, and will treat yen with kindness. Her advice
is free, and the address is Lynn, Mass. No woman ever regretted
having written her, and she has helped thousands.
When women are troubled with irregularities, suppressed or*
j painful menstruation, weakness, indigestion, leucorrhoea, displace"
[mentor ulceration of the womb, inflammation of the ovaries, gen-
r~~" i "" i ~ : ~ * ->y eral debility, and nervous prostration, or are
~ -- )ese * "w^th such symptoms as dizziness*
**** - faintness, lassitude, excitability, irri-
J^^^^m^i^^^-^ * al> ility, nervousness, sleeplessness,
melancholy, "all-gone" and "want-
*^lslir tOmbe ~l e f t-alone " feelings, blues, and
®§M Wg§ hopelessness, they should remember
4$^ 1&*. Wpr there is one tried and true remedy,
j& I^Vi p^ L.ydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound
r6g»|!|j&L s ° 1 "* J at once removes such troubles. Ilefuse to
buy any other medicine; for you need the best.
W^Frances Cook, Box 670, Kane, Pa., says:
*^»\w ( "Dear Mrs. Pixkham: — I suffered for
\» J * ten years with leucorrhcea, but am glad to say
through the use of Lydia E. Pinkham's Veg-
etable Compound and her Sanative Wash I am
cured, for which I am very thankful"
vCfinn FORFEIT «-*•« cannot forthwith prodace th- original letters and jignatnrss ot
uin I! I « 10 ab0T( » t «ti**»o*ii*J3» which will prore their absolute eennineness. )
VWV«y JLydia E. Pinkham aiedloln* Co., Iornn, M«3fc J
ADVEBTISEMSNTS.
i Oriental Goods
] At Wholesale Prices
W orer.t)cx Entire Extra Fin* Colk
lection of
Oriental Rugs
AND CURTAINS
At 25 Per Cent
i, Dlscccst f/oa rey-ilar retail prlteg. |
I We er« sole agent* for '
: JOHN CROSSLEY & SON'S
: CELEBRATED ENGLISH CARPETS;
i . i
jChas.M.Plum&Co.:
j Cor. 9th and Market Sts. ;
IBHEUMATISM'nHI
tl HelpleM. hhTBical and Financial suffer no loncer H
H For information, write SAN LUIS HOT Sut«
|f£uR SPRINGS, SAN LUIS OB1SPO. CALU
APVEBTISiiaiJJJMTa.
Friday. Saturday and Saturday Nlsht.
BOILED CIDErT~QI*ART BOTTLE. SOc.
SLICED PINEAPPLE, tail cans 10c
Senuine Singapore in Syrup. Regularly 13c.
BEST JAPAN* RICE, 1b. 5c.
BUTTER, Humboldi large square 39c
Good Butter always sold close as a leader.
Worth 43c. _
GUARANTEED EGGS, dozen 35c.
BROMAHGELOH, for desserts packaga 10c
Or English Tablet Jelly — 7 favors. Usually Oa,
PLUM PUDDIXG. 25c cans. 19c.
MINCEMEAT, Mrs. Faber's 2 lbs 25c
As you would make It, but at much leas cost.
SMALL EASTERN* HAM, lb. O^c.
INDIA and CEYLON TEA packet 30c
Choicest growths, fragrant and delicious.
••Faber"* Best" Brand.
Better than Upton's or your money returned.
BEST OLIVE OIL. V, gallon. 05c-
COSTA RICA COFFEE paund 20c
Many sell It for Java and Mocha— but sola
here under tru» name.
Excellent drinking coffee. Regular -?c ,
70c GALLON* ZINTAN'DEL- «5c -^*
JESSE MOORE or MOHOGRAMir qt bof 65c
Best brands ot whisky, lowes^prlc'- - limit.
40c bottle AA WHISKY. SOc.
TONIC FORT or SHERRY gal $1.15
8-year wines. Damp weather demands a
tonic. Worth |l ' J -
SATURDAY-NIGHT ONLY.
10c sacks table salt j5°
2Oc pound mixed nuta .-••;•• .V-'"
tic bars best sand soap 8 tor -..£
20c bottlea best salad ell _(qts) l»c
75c gallon finest table_ ayrup «Jo
1001 FILLMORE ST. H9 TAYLOR ST.
Park 1S3. Phone Howard 1021.
LESLIESWEEKLY
OUT NOV. 12th, IS A
4ft^ SPECIAL 4 fi-
ll I IP CALIFORNIA sup
lUU NUMBER. lUU
NEW PICTURES.
NEW FACTS.
L a!
•rxsr Koors ft otjttebs s-cpaxsso.
AHLBACH ft MAYEB.
PlX'MBERS AND JOBBER^
t . 838 EOWABD ST.
£ -" Tdepbono Howard 3U&