A fact significant of the anxiety pervading the officials at the
Vatican, as well as the Sacred College, is that Marquis Sacchelli,
the high steward of the palace, with his son as coadjutor, and
Comendator Mannucci, who directs the temporal affairs of the
Vatican, are continually in attendance, the last named having the
responsibility of the preparations regarding the summoning of a
conclaVe in the event of the Pope's death.
The condition of his Holiness at 1 1 o'clock last night, though
still grave, was not as serious as late in the afternoon. Dr. Lapponi
administered camphor-caffeine through the mouth, as one experi
ment of injection did not prove successful, Pope Leo saying he
could not bear it. The amelioration resulting from the camphor
caffeine was so marked that the Pontiff called first his nephews
and then his private secretary and adjusted some personal affairs
which are pending.
'Dr. Mazzoni and Dr. Lapponi said at that hour that the
danger of a catastrophe occurring during the night had been
averted. Indeed, they hoped that unless there were heart failure
they would be able to keep their august patient alive for a few
days longer, especialy if he would willingly consent to observe the
physicians-prescriptions. This, however, is the more difficult as
his Holiness preserves his full consciousness and argues and dis
cusses his doctors' prescriptions. The latter, fearing to excite
him by contradiction, are sometimes at jpIoss how to proceed.
Dr. Mazzoni last evening, on his return from the consulta
tion at Pope Leo's bedside, said : .
. "The situation this time is certainly really grave in view of
the great age of the patient and his state of extreme weakness.
However, the case is not yet desperate, especially with a man
having such unexpected reserves of energy and vitality, which, at
the age of 93, are, irfdeed, astonishing. The exact definition of
the Pope's illness is senile adynamic pneumonia, but his
Holiness has not the least idea that he is at
tacked by : any organic disease. In fact, he was not in bed
when- 1 went -to the Vatican, but was seated in his usual arm
chair,' where I am accustomed to see him every time I visit the
palace. He believes the oppression on his chest and the accom
panying difficulty of breathing are merely the results of extreme
power during the interregnum. Later the Cardinal himself went
to the Vatican and had a long conversation with Cardinal Ram
polla. It seems that Cardinal Oreglia will choose as his apartment
the rooms next to the hall in which the Pope usually receives the
congregations of the Cardinals, and which is called the Loggia of
Raphael, from the name of the painter.
Many members of the diplomatic corps called yesterday on
Cardinal Rampolla, including the French Embassador, all
anxiously asking for the latest news.
Baron von Rothenham, the Prussian Minister, showed Car
dinal Rampolla a telegram from the German Emperor expressing
the latter's deepest regret on learning of the Pontiff's illness and
the hope of a speedy recovery, and asking to be kept continually
informed by telegraph about the condition of his Holiness.
Cardinals Gotti, prefect of the propaganda, and Di Pietro,
the prodatary, both had long interviews with Cardinal Rampolla.
1 Evidence That There Is No Hope.
Patient Jtrgues With Physicians During
His Conscious Moments.
» JEW YORK, July 6.— The Rome Correspondent of the World
i/\ cables the follozving: Professor Mazzoni, the eminent sur
geon, who zvas called into consultation by Dr. Lapponi yester
day (Sunday) morning, said to the. World correspondent :
¦{In forty-eight hours all zvill be over, if not before. The body
is too frail and enfeebled to respond to any of the efforts made to
In the afternoon Professor Mazzoni said to the World cor
respondent: "I expect the catastrophe on Tuesday."
The Pope talked for tzvo hours yesterday afternoon with Car
dinal Oreglia, the Camerlingo, or papal chamberlain, about ar
rangements for the conclave, and it is rumored that Leo expressed a
preference for Cardinal Got Has his successor.
Leo gave injunctions to Cardinal Oreglia until he sank from ab
solute exhaustion. He seemed to be continuing to exhort Oreglia
about the government of the church as he lay almost unconscious,
his voice too weak to make his zvords distinguishable. Oreglia
then formally assumed the government of the church.
Continued on Page 2, Column 2.
SHOOTING IS CONTINUOUS.
Five hundred white men, heavily armed,
are ' marching through 'the streets ' of ' the
city where negroes are likely^ to be found.
Shots are heard constantly.
It is rumored that another negro has
been shot in First street\" '-*
Early" last night, when the mob that sur
rounded the Jail was told that the negro
murderer had been taken away,' a com
mittee composed of five citizens was se
lected to visit the Jail. The mob clamored
for the men,. b,u t the police ; refused to
grant the request. After being in the jail
The steel bars of the Jail windows could
not withstand the rain of blows from the
battering ram of the mob. At 1 o'clock
this morning the crowd swarmed in and
began a search for the murderer. Police
Captain Brennick tried to check their ad
vance by turning the hose upon them.
When he appeared at the window, holding
the nozzle, a rain of bullets was sent
through the window. The captain retreat
ed and no further attempt was made to
keep the mob out.
After the mob had been in the jail only
a few minutes, word was brought that a
gang of negroes was congregating at
Budd Fruit's saloon, at No. 415 Upper
Fourth street, and was' firing from win
dows and the roof upon the whites as
they passed. ¦
The mob immediately, decided to bom
bard It. A hundred or more armed men.
upon command, fell into* line and marched
from the jail up Fourth street into the
market square, halting in front of Fruit's
place. Negroes were, to be seen at most of
the windows, "but they quickly dispersed
on the arrivel of the mob. Then, upon
command of the leader, a volley of . 100
shots was fired into the building, com
pletely wrecking it. It was known at the
time that there were a large number of
negroes in the saloon. It Is blleved that
many of them were hidden In the large
buildings surrounding the saloon. Several
are reported shot, but no bodies have
been brought In. . ,
negroes are known to have been killed,
and the number of. dead may be .much
greater. One white boy has been killed
by a negro. Among a number of serious
ly wounded victims is a negress. Troops
have been called out and martial law will
be proclaimed. .
The riot started over the killing of a
patrolman by a negro, and later the kill
ing of the white Njv. The mob attacked
the jail and gained an entrance, but the
negro murderer of the patrolman had
been spirited away. Then thousands of
armed whites started in all directions in a
search for negroes. Mobs of blacks met
them at some points and there was
furious fighting, and the colored rioters
overran the poorly protected portions of
the city while the whites were congre
gated on the main streets.
Before the white mob had gathered a
company of negroes armed with rifles
marched through the streets threatening
to kill all whites. They broke into a
hardware store and secured all the arms
and ammunition. Three business men
were fired upon. Then the whites or
ganized for protection and declared they
would exterminate the ' negroes. First
they marched to the prison to lynch the
patrolman's slayer.
ATTACK ON THE PBISON.
EVANSVILLE. Ind., July 6, 2 a. m.-
This city is in the hands of a mob. Two
Speclal Diepatch to The Call.
Bt Petersburg Embarrassed by Its
Embassador's Course.
LONJX)N, July 6.— The St. Petersburg
torrcspondent of the Telegraph says there
Is nervousness in official circles in regard
to the Far East, and especially in regard
to the failure of Count Cassini's diplo
matic it^thods to conciliate the United
etatcs. His frequent and at times Impru
dent recourse to the newspapers is con
sidered to have contributed to the pres
fcnt unsatisfactory relations. He is ac
cused of making too much of the petition
tn rejard to the Kishenev affair and too
Sttle of American policy in the Far East.
The Russian Government would have
.woked with relative equanimity. upon the
presentation of the petition, which binds
nobody, if in return & satisfactory un-
,
COUNT CASSINI A BUNGLES.
WASHINGTON. July 5.— The signifl
"eanee of the gathering of American war
chip; in the Gulf of Pechill becomes more
# r-rarent with the news that Russia has
not less than fifty vessels, including an
entirely new squadron. In that important
.body of Chinese water. While the con
• centraticn of the American naval contin
* gent fn this broad gulf was due primar
ily to the Navy Department's policy to
, keep all naval divisions engaged in
maneuvers, there can be no doubt that
.^this mobilization has a broader meaning
than speaks well for the foresight of
those in charge for the preparations for
any hostile contingency. To say that this
Government is anxious to have trouble
with" Russia over the Manchurian affair
•would be far beyond the fact, but it may i
be no exaggeration to assert that the ad
. ministration in Washington intends to
take even' precaution to protect the Far
Eastern interests in which It claims to
•have a share.
Bear .Admiral - Koblcy D, Eranr,- com*
mander in chief of the American naval
force on the Asiatic station, has recently
warned the Navy Department that, in his
. opinion, serious trouble is imminent in
China. When the department became
aware that the news of the receipt of
. such advices from Evans was known to
the press, it declined to make any etate
¦ ment, but the impression was conveyed
that the anxiety of Evans was with refer
•cr.ee to internal uprisings in the vicinity
of Canton and did not extend to a re
newal of the danger of foreign compli
ti,.ions over the choice territory farther
north, upon which some powers have
looked with longing eyes.
. BEAL SCOPE OF WABNING.
¦ But. considered In the light of more
recent knowledge, and the concentration
cf practically the whole of Evans' fleet
in the Gulf of Peehili. his feeling of con
cern assumes a clearer meaning. The
i extreme reticence of the naval authori
ty makes it Impossible to say whether
his warning of a coming storm was based
en unrest among the Cantonese or in
»formation of intended foreign aggression
in North China, but the suggestions made
by him all point to the latter as the mov
lug cause of his apprehension.
In addition to augmenting the Asiatic
rquadron with the new battle-ship Wis
consin the department is sending to China
the first-class cruisers Albany, Cincin
nati and Raleigh, and significance may be
found also in orders for the armored
cruiser New York, the cruiser Marble
head and the gunboat Bennington, under
the command of Rear Admiral Glass, to
the Aleutian Islands, ostensibly for a
cummer cruise. A glance at the map of
the North Pacific will show how sur
prisingly short is the distance between
the extreme end of the Aleutian group
end- the Gulf of PechHl. The advantage
cf having a squadron in the Aleutians in
•the event of international complications
in China would be very great Indeed.
• EVANS' POWEBFUL FLEET.
Evans has in his fleet three separate
rquadrons. two cf them commanded by
Rear Admiral S. Philip Ccoper and Yates
Stirling, and the third, which is the most
formidable, by himself. The squadron
really a fleet— now in the Gulf of Pechill,
consists of the battleships Kentucky, Wis
consin end Oregon; the monitors Monad -
r.ock and Monterey; the cruiser New Or
leans, the gunboats Annapolis, Don Juan
tfe Austria, Helena, VIcksburg, Wilming
ton and Wompetuck. and will soon be
eupsented by the cruisers Albany and
'Cincinnati, now at Colombo, Ceylon, and
the cruiser Raleigh, now at Aden, Ara
bia—a total of fifteen ships, five of them
arraore*!.
Special Dispatch to The Ca
Oakford Park is located three mjles
northwest of Greensburg and one mile
from Jeanette. The land embraced by.
the pleasure ground, one of the most de
lightful breathing spots j in the summer
time to He found between Altoona and
The rain continued to fall In torrents
and at 4 o'clock forty feet of the wall
of th« dam to the east gave way with a
crash. The flood beat down the rav..-.e
with a roar that was heard for two miles.
Half a mile down, at the Junction of the
Greensburg and Jeanette and park car
lines, the carbarns are located. The en
trance gates to the park were lifted, and,
v.ith the force of a pllcdriver, the large
posts were hurled by the waters against
the barn. Beyond was located the small
waiting-room, and on the track was
Etanding a car laden with people on their
way from Greensburg and Jeanette. The
electric storm had rendered the power
south of here useless and the motorman
was unable to move the car. The flood
struck the waiting-room, containing prob
ably a dozen persons. A number of them
struggled to a point of safety, but in the
excitement that followed it is not posi
tive how many were lost. The streetcar
was caught and swept into the creek and
was whirled and tumbled about. A num
ber of persons on the car Jumped off and
there are conflicting stories as to how
many were carried with the car.
BEAVE ATTEMPT AT BESCUE.
Among those who were dashed into the
flood was C. M.^llcClaln of Greensburg,
an expert swimmer. Cries for help from
two unknown women brought McClain to
their side as they were struggling in the
water, and, seizing both about the waist,
he kept their heads above the water as
the {hree were carried in the direction of
Jeanette by the raging tide. The brave
fellow held to the women for a mile, and
th<-n, exhausted and ready to sink, he re
leased his hold and the women sank. It
was with the greatest difficulty that he
managed to get to the shore.
It is believed that fully ten persons who
were in the car were drowned. Standing
on the platform near the waiting-room
were a man and wife, whose names have
not been learned. When the flood cairn
the husband' escaped, but • the- wife was
carried away. It Is said that the couple
resided at Jeanette.
warned them to run to the hills. On both
Bides of the grounds there are high hills,
the park being located in a ravine about
a fourth of a mile wide and a mile long.
These protected from the rain did not
want to leave and not until McGrath and
his assistant entered each building in turn
and simply drove the crowds out into the
rain did they realize the danger.
Half an hour after the buildings had
been cleared of the crowds the waters
mounted the wall of the dam and within
five minutes a torrent five feet deep was
flowing the entire length of the wall. The
park or ravine, studded with buildings,
the merry-go-round, the laughing gallery
and other amusement places, were twisted
about and all but the dancing pavilion
and the large luncheon stand were
knocked from their foundations.
TOBBENT SEIZES STBEETCAB.
pleasure seekers, who had gathered un
der the roofs of the eating stands, the
merry-go-round, the theater, the dancing
pavilion and other buildings in the line
of the water, should the banks break, and
At 3 o'clock rain began to fall in tor
rents in the vicinity of the park. Half
an ho-or~ later' the" erouatoUrst~'*occurred-
The waters In the lake north of Oakford
Park began to rise and Manager James
McGrath, believing that there was dan
ger of a final break in the great walls of
the dam, hurried among the crowds of
FLOOD INVADES THE. PABK.
GREENSBURG. Pa., July 5.-A water
spout of immense proportions, striking in
the vicinity of Oakford Park this after
noon, created a flood that caused great
loss of life and property. It is estimated
that at least fifty persons were killed,
and rumors place the number of dead at
more than 100: but up to a late honr
to-night only two or three bodies have
been recovered, they having been washed
to the banks of the little creek that runs
parallel with the park. The names of
those known to have been drowned are:
MIfeS GERTRUDE KEEFER, aged 19.
of Jeanette.
EDWARD O'BRIEN of Latrobe, an em
ploye of the Brown-Ketcham Company
here.
JOSEPH EVERLY of Indianapolis. Ind.
LUCY CRUM of Jeanette.
COUNCILMAN JOHN LIGHT, wife and
two children of Greensburg.
HENRY FINK and wife of Jeanette.
.Washington Government Is
Determined to Check
the Czar.
Streetcar Laden With Pas
sengers Is Carried Away
by the Torrent.
- Formidable Fleet Now
;. ' in Command of
Evans.
Waters Invade Park
Thronged by Sunday
Revelers.
Scores of Pleasure
Seekers Lose
Lives.
America'sWarning
to Russia in the
Orient.
Indiana City Is in
the Hands of
Mobs.
Fighting Continues on
Streets Throughout
the Night.
Whites Declare They Will
Exterminate the Negro
Population.
WATERSPOUT
LETS FLOOD
UPON CROWD
RACE WAR
RAGING IN
EVANSVILLE
SIGNIFICANT
ASSEMBLING
OF WARSHIPS
POPE LEO, TORTURED BY PAIN LIFE EBBS,
DEVOTES HIS LAST HOURS TO CARES OF CHURCH
Continued on Page 2, Column. 4.
Continued on Page 2, Column 3.
The Pontiff -is lying on a small • bed drawn" up to a window
overlooking the piazza.' of 'St:, Peter's. ; The only picture in ithe
room is an antique Madonna, and the sole ornament a great ivory
Crucifix.' ¦ *¦ ¦ v.- -:;.:_,,.;• - - ; ".• 'A \\ ; /. \ ' > '¦ />/ ;' • *
The interior- of the Vatican during; the early hours of -this
morning testifies ,to the conviction that the passing of Pope Leo is
very near." The courtyard of St. Darriaso- is filled with the car
riages of the Cardinals. Cardinal Satolli drove to Rome from
Frascati:iast, night, the beautiful carriage horses, covered with
dust and perspiration.; In .the cortile are drawn up the- carriages
o f the' Cardi nals and o f : many n otables. Servants and messengers
hurry across -the court with. bundles.of huge, wax tapers and with
the robes of the ecclesiastical "dignitaries who are v waiting : within
the palace. The; antechambers of the palace were all through the
night "j thronged' with princes of 'the {church, ': high noblemen and
members of 'the : diplomatic corps. Telegrams . of inquiry have
been received from several, of ,the monarchs of Europe.
TheiSwiss Guards, in their brilliant black; red and yellow
uniforms,- keep •pacrng'up and; down" before the portals, receiving
the inquiries withi their customary- imperturbable calmness.
Cardinal •'. Oreglia s . di -Santo Stefario - first sent his secretary
yesterday ;to; inquire arid -''lcjbk^fori the -apartment Syhich' 4 his "-Em-.
inence, r in his capacity/as Camerlarigo,: will"ocaipy;'after 4 -the de-'
mise of the Pope, when he" will take * the reins -"of ; the' .-Pontifical
State of Anxiety in Vatican.
-yv OME, ¦"jtily.6, [3 a. m.— "God's.; will be done. . Who would
Jft^have believed it, when only ten days ago 1 was presiding
a. public consistory?" murmured feebly Pope Leo as
he felt Himself sinking late last evening into a sleep which lasted
about three hours, until 'excruciating pain brought the dying
Pontiff back : to consciousness. He groaned and complained, j of
pains on botft sides of the thorax. .Tenderly; Dr. Lapponi, assisted
by Pope Leo's .valet, Pio Centra and the physician's second assist
ant, Di. Castro, lifted the f rail. fprm, and, changing^ his position,
succeeded in -giving the patient some relief.
Though -hovering on the brink of death, the.life : of the Pon
tiff is still, prolonged by means ¦' of strong 'stimulants/and jConcen
trated-'nourishment, and while he. is - still ..alive his . wonderful
vitality may again resist and conquer the attack of : this .illness.
Late last- evening, after the excitement.- of the .ceremony , of -.'.the
last sacrament- was over; the Pope; seemed less restless, partly
soothed by 'the .'religious service 'and partly by a dose of chloral
which was 1 given him in considerable quantity.
Last Sacrament H Administered to the
v Fast-Failing pontiff.
VENERABLE PONTIFF WHO IS NEARJ3EATH, THE PHYSICIANS AT
TENDING. HIM. AND VIEW. OF THE CHAMBER ; IN THE VATICAN
WHERE HIS LIFE IS EBBING. ' .
Continued on Page 2, Column 1.
VOLUME XCIV— NO. 36.
SAN FRANCISCO; MONDAY; JUI/T 6; 1903.
PRICE FIVE CENTS,
The San Francisco Call.. "It 1 would seem that in view of the fre
quent recurrence of lynching and in many
sections of the country^ some Federal
law 'would be warantedlto crush out the
practice.' It not only is dangerous- to or
der and law \at home, but it., likewise
weakens our voice abroad. It Is time tc
call a halt to lynching or burningMf,it is
found that there is a necessity for^burn-
Irig- /. any > one : guilty . of some- atrocious
crime, why. the law should provide for
it.* 'j. But the ¦ element of danger ¦•: to our
State and national institutions lies in this:
That they -i take the law in their : own
hands and encourage a pessimistic view
of law and order." • ".¦ «£>.*¦;:
: .'.'I meknt. just. what I said. '.There, is no
offense against the law so unpardonable
and dangerous as that of Uyncbing. Re
cent events have shown that- the practice
of. violating/ the law in ¦ this respect Is
not 'confined ,!to the South, but; has been
witnesed ",!n ' Illinois, and New Jersey.
Lynching is not an offense that may be
ascribed to sectionalism. It has made its
upp'carance in S so many States '. that It
might appear as. though action should be
taken by the Government to 'prevent such
abuse. -But it is a- condition which i must
be met by; separate States. ] There 13 no
law now 'In existence that applies to It.
'.'I do not, believe that lynching is jus
tified ..under any; circumstances. -The evil
is that* it has a perverting effect upon
those who take . the law iln.their hands
and ; think they are wiser than the law.
VvjRWlN, Pa., July;5.— The sudden rising
of Thrush Cre'ek.: to-night, caused by the
cloudburst and I the .breaking of the Oak
tdjrd dam,-' caused', damage \in this vicinity
amounting- to' several hundred thousands
of dollars . and ; probably,, loss of life. So
sudden was ,the. 1 rls'e'in". the stream . that
Residents along the ; banks had barely time
to >un to -the hills. ; Many houses and
Other buildings were* swept away.
I The water is still rising, and at 9 o'clock
the entrre -freight station at this place
was-waijtied from its foundations and car
ried'down the stream.' taking with it the
Irwin bridge,' the -steel bridge on the
Yougtiioghiehy branch and the iron bridge
to the. freight yards. . F^ve. loaded coal
cars;on,the bridges were swept. down the
stream.'-- ¦'¦ \f.-i '.:'-.'' '"'* '.".:¦ '¦"-.""¦
interpreted ¦ her? to 'apply ¦ to the protest
fll<»d against Russian persecution of the
(Hebrews;' Secretary. Moody- said: ! •
FLOOD CREATES HAVOC.
for some time the committee addressed
the crowd and told ..them that the negro
was not there-. Dr. William" Gilbert, the
chairman of the committee, tried to calm
the assemblage, but his • voice was
drowned by shouts of "Go, get the nig
ger I" The people refused to believe that
the negro had been removed from the city.
The crowd shouted, "Death to the ne
groes!" The police fear they will murder
all the negro prisoners Indiscriminately.
The race war started late last night,
when a little boy named Logan was shot
in the leg by a negro. An unknown negro
woman was killed and several negroes
were seriously wounded. The entire po
lice force H stationed at the jail and the
negToes are taking possession of the
town.
The race riot was the immediate out
come of the shooting of Patrolman Mas
sey on Friday night by Lee Brown, a ne
gro. Brown and anbther negro had en
gaged in n quarrel and Brown had sworn
to kill his antagonist. He ran toward
his home to secure a revolver, and Patrol
man Masses', hearing of the trouble, lay
in wait for Brown. As the negro came
back, armed, hunting fcrr his enemy, Mas
sey stepped from a doorway and laid his
hand on Brown's shoulder. Brown turned
quickly and shot the patrolman in the
abdomen. The officer, as he lay on the
sidewalk, fired atxBrOwn .a.nd wounded
him dangerously. He fell ktifT the' two
fired at each other as they lay on the
pavement, emptying their revolvers. Mas
sey died sooh' afterward.
At 2 o'clock this mornlnR tne crowds on
the streets are increasing and firing can
be heard In all directions. Disorder and
rioting are everywhere and every one of
the thousands on the street is carrying
his life in his hands. The police are be
ing cheered for numerous arrests of the
negroes they are now making. Every time
a negro is taken into custody the police
are applauded and hundreds of people
are following the wagon. A whole patrol
wagonload of nfgroes was picked up on
Water street a few minutes ago and
about 300 shots were fired as they passed
up Main street. The mob Is still going
through- the streets looking for negroes.
The Acme Hote.1 had to close Its doors
tq-night .because .all of Its -colored ser
vants became ¦ panic"-strleken ¦ and ran
away.
WHITES LOOTING STORES.
3 a. m. — The jail Is still surrounded, and
whites armed with rifles and revolvers are'
searching the city, looking for negroes
and shooting into the well known negro
resorte. ; '¦'¦ ¦. ':'.
' The jail presents a battered appearance^
One window, has 4>een crushed in,"' the bars
and stone copings are gone; a second win
dow is wrecked where the battering ram
went through the : wa»isand bullet marks
by the dozens can be seen on the walls.
Whether the mob is leaving any dead
behind is not known, as every one flees
before it and no search has been made
for dead. The mob does not stay to in
spect the result of its work.
Whites are looting hardware stores to
obtain weapons. At First and Sycamore
streets an attack was made on the store
of Boetticher & Kellogg. This was re
pulsed by. an employe of the company,
who declared that the store contained no
more guns. The crowd then passed to
Water street, where the absence of ne
groes seemed to rankle the men. Some
one yelled, "On to Baptisttowri," where
many negroes live.
The march on Baptlsttown was begun
with the .unarmed men howling for guns.
On Main street, near Fifth, some one
yelled that the store of E. M. Bush & Co.
should be attacked. His suggestion was
Immediately answered by a rush on the
plate glass front. In two minutes the door
was forced open and the big windows
shattered by gun barrels. Policemen
rushed up and dj-ove the mob away.
The mob then rushed to Willerding's'
gun store and forced its way in. ,T^n
minutes later it had 300 additional guns
and the march to Baptisttown, where the
negro colony lives, was resumed. The,
mob continued its rush for Baptlsttown
with the intention of stopping on - ; th«. way'
and robbing a powder magazine to secure
explosives with which to blow^ tip .the
negro colony. • » ' ,
WOULD CONDONE LYNCHING."
WASHINGTON, July 5.— A remarkable
utterance is credited to President Rople
velt and would , be incredible tr'ut foi.'tne
fact that is vouched for by Secretary- of
the Navy Moody, who saya: .\' ,
"When, recently, I traveled^ ,wtth ; the
President and the car was surrounded by
a large. but ; friendly crowd, I remarked to
him ."the possibilities of personal danger,
and he said that if an attempt was;made
upon him (the President) he ¦would con-,
done the lynching of the guilty party.
" 'But,' said I to the President, 'are you
certain they would secure the right pert
son In such a, .moment? Are you certain
that they might not even takoyoii?' 1 . '
"The question had never presented it
self,to the President in that light before
and he agreed that there were dangers
which deprived lynching of justification.''
Secretary Moody gave a stinging rebuke
to lynchers to-day when asked. to explain
bis allusion In his speech delivered at the
Independence day celebration .ion' the
White House yiwn, when he stated that
mob violence iind such displays of pas
sionate resentment as were recentty ex
hibited in' New Jersey and Illinois .-end the
Southern States rendered Amerlck's voice
helpless | -when ; raised against j oppression
elsewhere. Thla utterance was generally
Count Moroni, the Pope's nephews.
It is said that owing to the serious ill
ness of the Pope the proposed visit of
King Victor KmmanucI to Paris will be
postponed indefinitely.
London Press
Eulogizes the
Dying Pontiff
y ONDON, July 6.— The morning pa
m pers devote much space to the news
J*'* from Rome concerning the conditlqn
of the Pope. T)ie consensus of opinion of
the correspondents is that the aged Pon
tiff can live but a few hours, though there
is some hopejhat his extraordinary vital,
ity may prolong life even to some days.
The Rome coreepondent of the Daily
Chronicle says:
"Dr. Mazzoni tells me the Pope Is
gravely ill with pneumonia, which affects
the lower and middle lobes of the right
lung. His Holiness is in full possession
of his mental faculties."
Dr. Mazzoni says there is a bare possi
bility of the Pope's wonderful recupera
tive powers saving his life, or at least de
ferring death for several days. Never
theless the physician apparently enter
tained pessimistic forebodings.
The Morning Post's Rome correspond
ent says an eyewitness returning from the
Vatican at midnight described as a most
moving scene the grandeur of the Pope's
participation in the last sacraments and
the wonderful composure with which the
Pontiff received from the doctors the in
timation of the gravity of his illness. T'ne
Informant said:
"Although ihe Pope himself feels worse
than ever in his life, he is optimistic and
has not entirely given up hope. Noting
the eagerness displayed by the doctors,
his Holiness himeelf ordered the last sac
rament, wishing to play his part of sov
ereign of the church to the last and re
ceive the final consolation while in full
possession of his faculties. Before par
ticipating in the rite the Pontiff bade
farewell to the pontifical court— the cen
tral figure in a setting which unfolded
the whole gorgeous pomp of the Vatican."
The London newspapers in their leading
articles this morning unstintlngly eulogize
the dying Pope, "whose bedside, irre
spective of creeds. Is a center of melan
choly interest to the whole Christian
world."
The Daily News says Pope Leo has
done something to bring back the papacy
to the position which it held during the
best days in the middle ages— the position
of arbiter and peacemaker In Europe. He
is battling against death- with. the serene
and cheerful fortitude which has been the
keynote of his life.
The Daily Telegraph saya:
"His saintly character and blameless
life appealed even to those who most
strongly repudiate his spiritual claims.
He has conferred a luster on his life akin
to that which the office conferred on him.
The whole world prays that he may en
ter painlessly into rest."
Other papers have articles in the same
strain, all accepting the belief that re
covery is Impossible.
Continued From Page 1", Column 1.
ASSEMBLING OF WARSHIPS,
«eakne«s. As soon as be saw me,
his Holiness repeatedly* requested me to
turn my attention to the best means of
restoring his strength, which, he said,
uas all he required except a little fresh
air. Now and then the Pope has recourse
to his inveterate habit of snuff-taking,
raying that he finds It very refreshing.
"The weakness of the patients pulse
f.nd his short and irregular breathing,
frraflually approaching to gasping, are the
only external symptoms of any serious
rature, but, as I said before, the Pope
this morning was full of spirit and would
ret take a grave view of his own case.
When I left him his Holiness ea!d:
'* 'Come again, soon. I will try to give
jou a better reception.' "
LAST SACRAMENT GIVEN.
During the afternoon the strength of the
Pontiff began to fail him so rapidly and
hit condition became so critical that it ap
peared that only a few hours of his life re
mained to him. It was. therefore, deemed
wise to advise him of his grave condition,
tnd thit was done with tender precau
tion. Pope Leo was thus prepared for his
la*t communion, which was administered
ftt night, with the participation of all the
Cardinals now in Rome and the whole of
the pontifical court.
The solemn yet gorgeous ceremony of
administering the last sacrament took
X>lace at the bedside of Pope Leo. The
central figure was the dying Pontiff,
whose long life's journey is nearly over,
calmly preparing to enter the dark valley.
His pale and emacifcted face, ajmost as
white as the pillows on which it rested,
ehowed little sign of life except the keen,
glittering eyes— always his most striking
feature.
Around the bed were grouped the Noble
Guards. In their glittering uniforms; the
Knights of the Cloak and Sword, in their
picturesque mediaeval costume of black
rvith white ruffs; twenty-five of the Car
dinals—aJl of the members of the Sacred
College who were present In Rome—state
ly and venerable figures In their sweeping
crimson robes, the whole forming a ecene
of rich yet eubdued coloring— a fit subject.
for the pencil of Rembrandt. The whole
ct what is called the pontifical family,
headed by Cardinal Rampolla and includ
ing all of the private chamberlains, were
I there. Nearest to the bed stood the im
posing, tall figure of the Cardinal grand
X enitentiary. Serafnno Vannuttelll, with
the Pope's confesor, to hear the last con
fession of tfce departing Pontiff.
SCARCELY A TEARLESS EYE.
The priest apostolic approached, bear
ving the viaticum, to give the last com
munion and the extreme unction, assisted
by the grand penitentiary. Pope Leo
feebly recited the confession of faith as
formulated fcy the Council of Trent, and
• finally tha words of absolution and the
formula of indulgence In articulo mortis
were solemnly pronounced by the grand
penitentiary. The heads of the great re
ligious orders who were present granted
tlie Pope the special indulgences which
ihey have the privilege of conferring.
[ Then came the touching prayers for a
passing soul and part of the Gospel, "The
Lord's Passion." As the last words died
away all fell upon their knees.
The Pontiff, raising his transparent fln
£«rs with a feeble effort, pronounced in
scarcely audible words his benediction on
the Sacred College and on all present, and
thea sank back on the pillows.
There was scarcely a tearless eye in the
whole assembly; the sobs of the Popes
relatives were plainly heard in the deep
eilence. broken now and again by mur
mured prayers or a pious ejaculation.
In a portion of the loggia of Raphael,
adjoining the papal apartments, were th9
families of Count Riccardo Peed and
deretanding had been reached in regard
to Russian claims In China.
The correspondent adds that a well-in
formed official informed him that the
Chinese policy of Count Lamsdorff, the
Russian Foreign . Minister, is based en
tirely upon detaching America from Eng
land and Japan. This, he said, was no
easy matter at the outset, and now,
thanks to Count Casslni's bungling, it ap
pears to be quite unfeasible. The Russian
Government will now be compelled to
fight or knuckle down, and at no period
In Russian history have the Russians
been less willing for war than now. If
America is resolved to play the part of
slewing partner in the Anglo-Japanese
alliance much Russian money that had
been spent In Chinese and Manchurian
schemes will be thrown away and Russia
must begin anew. Of actual war, the
oniclal added, there was not the remotest
likelihood, however much Russia may lose
at the green-table of diplomacy, v^vi-i
EIVER BREAKS THROUGH
V THE LEVEE NEAR YUMA
Colorado Forces It's Way Into a Fer
' V tile Valley and Threatens .v }:,
*luin.
YUM A, Ariz., July 5.— The Colorado
River broke througli the levee two miles
south of here and Iz now flooding a large
fertile valley. Considerable damage to
ranches in the vicinity is expected.
HIGHWAYMEN HOLD UP
CAR PASSENGERS
Tacoma Conductor Chased by One
Bandit and Halted by
Bullets.
TACOMA. July 5.— Early this morning
three highwaymen held up a South Ta
coma street car and robbed the carmen
and four passengers of $100 in money and
three watches. The conductor was chased
half way across the Tacoma-avenue
bridge by one of the highwaymen and
brought to a standstill by shots from a
revolver.
Fire Causes Quarter Million Lobs.
NEW YORK, July 5.— Fire tc-day des
troyed Pier H of the Lehigh Valley , Rail
road Company in Jersey, City. The pier
was used almost exclusively for the stor-.
age of flour, and $100,000 worth . of the
staple was consumed. The total damage
is ESO.OOO.
DENVER, July 5.— Newt wu received
from Redetone to-night of the death- of
A. C. Cats of this city, first vice presi
dent and general manager of The Colora
do Fuel and Iron Company.
Death of a Mining Magnate.
.CORONA. July U-rrEmettrio OrlafTba, ' »'
Mexican. 40 yearn of *g«. waa shot .and' kllltd
by Rocarlo Senciz . .of Anaheim at'Rlncon at
an early hour thl* 'morning. Scneli came to
Corona and surrendered to the officers. He
•tated that be pointed a pistol at Grlzalba and
pressed tlv» trigger, not knowing- tha weapon
waj loaded. « "
VALLEJO. Julv 5.— At the Good Tem
plars' Orphans' Home, near this city, last
evening a barn containing' thirty tons of
bay was burned. The loss will approxi
mate :soo.
Barn and Hay Burned.
Warships at Puget Sound.
VICTORIA, B. C, July ,5.— A dispatch
from Carmanah Point reports that the
United States warships New York Ben
nlngton and Marblehead from San Fran
cisco for Puget Sound passed In 'at 7
p. m. ; _ :
At least eight hundred persons were at
the park, seeking relief from the heat.
When the storm burBt the greater num
ber sought the hillside, preferring the
shelter of the forest trees to the park
buildings, because they did not care to bo
below the level of the tiam and but little
above the dry-season level of Brush
Creek. When the dam broke a solid wall
of water twenty feet high rushed down
and completely filled the narrow ravine
with' its car tracks, car barn and restau
rant, 'in front 6f the car barn stood a
car containing from fifty to seventy pas
sengers/" many. of, .them seeking to return
to jjeanettftjhrcheirs; using it as a tempo-
With thfrimmensebody of water behind
it," the crest .of the' flood bore down with
irresistible r ' force. As It swept down the
narrow ravine it carried with it the load
ed street car and the crowded restaurant.
The' torrent -was filled with men, women
and "'¦¦ children struggling ror their lives.
The poles carrying the heavily charged
trolley Vwlr?s . were unrooted and strewn
along- trie ground: !. In. a number of in
stancSg^bw^many.'is not yet known— the
victims of the flood -'.grasping anything
fhatV' inlsht save" • theniTf rom the fury of
the' ' water. :seliedi,thei trolley wires and
met death by electrocution. Several bod
ies; already". rSco'vefed" 'Show that death re
sulted* froni^nls cause.:
PIT.TSBURG, Pa.. July 5.— A telephone
message from. Jeanette received to-night
eays that from fifty to neven'ty-flve men.
women and children perished In the cloud
burst at Oakford Park to-day. The ma
jority were drowned or had their lives
beaten out against the rocks in Brush
Creek, but quite a number were electro
cuted.
DEATH LIST VERY LARGE.
: During the past two months thousand^
of dollars worth of improvements have
been placed there. A handsome theater,
fountains and other attractions were
built and it is estimated to-night that the
loss to the company will aggregate fully
$300,000, all caused within the brief time
of ten minutes.
To-night the delightful little park and
lake, this morning the, pride of Greens
butg, Jeanette and the 'railway company,
Is nothing short of a mudhole and there Is
no lmellhood that an attempt will be
made by the street car company to re
place it.
Pittsburg. was purchased by the Pltts
burg. McKeesport and Greensburg Elec
tric Railway Company about six years
ago. Shortly after the park was laid
out' a lake was projected to cover six
acres-and the plans rapidly materialized.
The water was secured by never falling
springs two miles to the north of the
park. An immense wall was built across
the ravine. It possessed a basin covering
thirty feet and gently slanting. The basin
was from five to twenty feet deep. The
lake was used for bathing and boating By
the'numerous picnickers there during the
summer months.
Continued From Page 1, Column 3.
OSKUB, European Turkey, July 6.— In a
conflict between Turkish, troops and Bul
garians;. near Vodena, forty-six miles
north of Salonica, the latter , had L ten
killed and the Turks two wounded. The
dead Bulgarians wore uniforms bearing
badges inscribed "Liberty or Death"
CONSTANTINOPLE. July 5.— The Porte
yesterday sent letters to the Ottoman
Embassadors In Vienna, .St. Petersburg,
Berlin and Paris vigorously repudiating
the accusation made .by the Bulgarian
Government of concentration of Ottoman'
troops at strategic points along the Bul
garian frontier. 1 Representations to this
effect have already been made to the Bul
garian Government. —
Defeat a Detachment of Bulgarians
Near Vodena Afte.r a Sharp
.Skirmish.." ' ;
TURKISH TROOPS WIN
A 'SMALL VICTORY
RAGE WAR RAGING IH EVftHSVlLLE
Ccatinued From Page 1, Columns
6 and 7.
The candidates chiefly spoken of are
Cardinal Rampolla and Cardinal Seraflno
Vannutelli. They are both representa
tives of the conservative policy, but are
bitter antagonists of each other. Cardinal
Rampolla is < a very warm Francophile,
while Cardinal Vannutelli Is averse to
the policy Inaugurated by the present
pontifical secretary of state. The most
probable liberal candidates are Cardinal-
Bishop Agliardi and Cardinal-Priest Sa-
Thei first question the Cardinals wifl
have to solve will be whether the con
clave shall be held In Rome or outside of
Italy. ¦¦ It is believed that the supporters
of thfe Idea of abandoning Rome will be
even fewer than in the conclave held
after the death of Pius IX, when thirty
two out of thirty-seven Cardinals voted
in favor of Rome. The second question
will be .whether -the n«xt Pope must be
an Italian or a foreigner. It is generally
believed that he will be an Italian, be
cause in viow of the struggle between the
church and the state since the fall of the
temporal power and the constitution of
united Italy all of the clergy, as well as
the clerical party and even foreigners,
think that an Italian Pope can protect
better than a stranger the advance of the
religious and political Interests of the
church. , ;:i
*rr\,. OME, July 6.— All kinds of specu
ff J latlon are already In circulation
£\r^ as to the probable successor to
** .^L the throne, of St. Peter. Opin-
.ions, are much divided owing. to
many fhterests which will be affected'ac
cording to. the choice made by the Sacred
College^ If the choice does not fair on an
Italian. Cardinal Gibbons appears to have
a splendid chance among the aspirants of
other nationalities. . '
All of these plans, especially thosa
drawn up by tha Cardinals! of the Curia,
may -be disturbed by the attitude of the
Cardinals coming from outside Rom?,
principally foreigners. Affairs might
reach such a point as to induce a portion
of the Italians from the provinces to ally
with the foreign Cardinals, in which case
alone there might be a possibility of a
foreign. Pope.
tolli. whose breadth of views and lov»
of modern Idea* have been strengthened
during his stay in America.
The most probable religious candidates
are . Cardinal- Priest Gottie,- who -would
carefully avoid mixing in polltlcsi. ami
Cardinal-Priest Angelo di Pletro. who also
Iftw th& desirable prerequisite- of old age,
being 73 years old.
All of these candidates live In Rome,
but a strong party which might Include a
good^ many foreign Cardinals advocates
the election of a Cardinal who Is "not a
member of the Curia, such as Cardinal
Sato; Patriarch of Venice; Cardinal Fer
rari, Archbishop of Milan, both intran
sigent, or Cardinal Capecelatro, "Arch
bishop of Capua, who is perhaps the most
learned member of the Sacred College and
has conciliatory ideas. "" ' '"
It Is be.ieved that the. -first vote will
be merely a test, in which nobody will ba
elected, but it will be used to see which
way the wind blows.' It Is considered
certain that if Cardinal Rampolla sees tha
Impossibility of succeeding to the pon
tifical thfbne ne will throw all his
strength to an outsider, with a view to
preserving his candidacy for the next
conclave. Under these circumstances It is
supposed that Cardinal Oreglia, dean cf
the Sacred College, will be. chosen. He is
75 years old.
American May Be Elected if Car
dinals Fail to Agree Upon
It ivas after this solemn declaration by the sufferer that it was decided to administer the
last sacrament this evening. The prediction of the Pope coincides with'"tlic- staAement made to
day "by one of his physicians, zvho expressed, the belief that the end ivould come to-morroiv.
The vitality of the Pontiff continues to amaze all about his bedside. Though he can sel
dom raise his voice above a whisper noiv, he continues to 'give advice for the guidance of ¦ the
church. Not at any time does his miitd appear to dxuell upon his own condition for more than a
moment. Even zvhile writhing in pain he devotes his thoughts to his religious duties. ¦ ¦'• .
«y% OME/July ->.—At 5 o'clock this morning His Holiness, after receiving communion in or
£\^ dinar y form, said to his private confessor: ~- ¦ - -
"I desire to receive solemn communion this evening."
The confessor replied : "Your Holiness would better 'wait until to-morrow?'
But the Pope insisted, saying : "No, administer it this evening.' To-morrozv I shall be no
Frail Body of Pontiff Is Racked by
Pains During His Final
Hours of Life.
CARDINAL GIBBONS RECEIVES MENTION IN THE SPECULATION
AS TO THE PROBABLE SUCCESSOR TO THE THRONE OF ST. PETER
THE 5AN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY. JULY X 1^3.
Continued From Page 1, Column 2.
WATERSPOUT OVERWHELMS CROWD
2
Kiy ~?55 X s -' 1 ''*' 1 ' '* ><'^ ft "' 1 «' '"""'.¦ ''"*'¦ '''" '¦' .......... ..... . ..... ........ y v i.£? i^MBtlw!^!f££jBFVV2sM&DiGt^il* ¦HT-^ySy^^J^Ty * Hrf^"S^t r *J^PSjhJffP*^'^3Sj^^TW^'>'i3*^'S3!5Bi
•LOVE'S CONFIDENCE." A
BeSiife to GetThis Beautiful Picture FREE With Your
DOAN'S KIDNEY PILLS. V*
¦"I FRIENDS ADVICE
Will Often Help Ton Greatly. Head
V'hnt m. San Franclaeo Cltl-
*f it Saj*.
You may hesitate to listen to the advice
of strangers, but the testimony of friends
or residents of San Francisco is worth
> our most careful attention. It is an easy
matter to investigate such proof as this.
The evidence must be conclusive. Read
the following:
Margaret Nller Cook of 7 Hunt street
t-ays: "There is nothing like the truth
I can truly and conscientiously say that
Doan's Kidney Pills stopped my back
ar-hing and I had attacks of it for years
eome of them so bad that I did not know
what to do with myself. When a woman
is annoyed like I have been and at last
firrds a m^ans to end that annoyance she is
not only thankful but is also anxious to
co her friends and acquaintances a good
turn by acquainting them of the fact so
that they may profit by her experience.
Let me emphatically advise any one suf-
fering from kidney complaint or backache
to use Doan's Kidney Pills."
For sale by all dealers. Price, 50 cents
Foeter-Milburn Co.. Buffalo. >»'. Y., sole
agents for the United States.
Remember the name, Doan's, and take
no substitute.
6 visit DR. JORDAN'S great |>
J MUSEUM OF AHATOHYi
s us icsi yuriTET.t«t6!ura,s.r.cii. , i
» HP Tb< AEaic*iic»l Mo&eum in tbr
#' m&S&k. r* 14 **«*k»e»*e* or any contracted i l
4 J^f 4 DR - JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN 6
1 T Gmt W C«»»u!utioo im »n4 strifjr priv*:«. \
B 1 Mfil » T "» : »" e:;t penorAbj nt t» letter. A A
\ I V K *"**** <**¦««» «»™y e*keur*rukeji. T
Aril tlV w rrte for Book. rBIL««oray«| A
\ - J a v ".*^ e i!^f • llA ! uto ««• < a 9
A O (J- **lui>ic book fof tsrn) \
W AB. JOBDASf ACO..I0S1 Market St.. S F f
"AH&± VIM, VIGOR. VII AUTY for ME^.
<O?K*Tr\ MOIXMON BIEKOP-S PILLS
A«W_ *£\ fc*vt beta in u»e over City
Ktt f Ji'^SS >**r» by th* leader* of tht
faiiCK*riSfii llorraon Church and th'lr
EwPSlWSl followers. Potiiively cure th«
CKS^ «3f worn ca»e« In eld and young-
tav'Sf*. V fitlf «n*icr from «Cecta of e*l[-
BUlXlv abuse, dlulpatlca. <mi»f or
TCS?t£-/£j7- clcmrett* tmolclc*. Cur* Lo«t
Manhood. lmpotency. Lost
at*S«F Power. Nlrht Losses. Iosom-
liU, Pttinm In Back. Evil Decires. Lama Back.
Kervoua Dtbillty, Ueadacbe, Unfltnes* to Mar-
ry. Lou of Semen, BS f\ VarlcoceJe or Con-
fttlcation. Stop >>r rj fJ vou« Twitchtn* of
r*rt vlror and pote CENTB 0C y to every func-
ticn l>on - t ret AespovStat. a cure Is at band.
Rector* small. uadavUcped orraaa. StlmuUt*
tbc brain and n«rv« center*: fiOc a- box; 6 for
I" £O fcr rcaii. A written ruaraat** to cure or
noser refunded with 6 boxes. Circular. tr*e.
A«Are«« BJbHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 Ellis *t.
PaiTl^ncUco. C*L GRANT DRUG CO.. si
Mt 40 TttrC *. *
Established 1823.
a. WILSON
YSSB WXISOW iHwi'irjfffWfy CGk' *
Btltimnr* XT/ *-
¦ ¦ '¦ • .¦¦¦-:•' .•¦'•...¦' ¦ -YOKOHAMA, July 5.— The report is cur
rent that the Premier has resigned on ac
count of the difficulties of adjusting the
next budget.
Beported Resignation of a Premier.
Child Suffers Fatal Burns.
TRUCKEE. July 5.— While the little
6-year-old daughter of James Schwobble
was trying to light a firecracker this nflon
her clothes became ignited. Her screams
brought her mother from the house and
she endeavored to Emother the flames
with her clothes, but could not. Plus von
i.ume, a neighbor, ran to her assistance,
and. seizing the child, ran to the river,
which was but a few feet away, and ex
tinguished the burning clothing. Tho
child's logs, arms and the front part of
her body were horribly burned and there
is no hope for her recovery.
DALLAS. Texas, July 5.— L. A. Moore,
Secretary of the city of Dallas, was shot
and killed this evening by his son. Moore,
It is alleged, had been drinking and had
attacked his younger son. The other son,
Ernest, was remonstrating with the
father, who turned on him, when the son
fired the fatal shot.
Texas Boy Kills His Father.
Although physicians have made no
statement concerning Vanderbilt's in
juries, it is generally understood that no
permanent ill will reSult from the mis
hap.
PARIS, July 5.— W. K. Vanderbilt Jr.
is confined to his bed in Hotel Ritz as the
result of a serious automobile accident,
which occurred Friday while he was tour
ing near Paris.
It appears that something went wrong
with hi3 machine and Vanderbilt himself
got down to investigate. While he was
lying on the road, partly under the ma
chine, there was a sudden flash and an
explosion. Tbe chauffeur assisted Van
derbilt from his position and it was seen,
that he was badly scorched. Another
vehicle was secured and Vanderbilt was
brought immediately to Paris.
At the hotel the greatest secrecy Is be
ing maintained. Other guests of the ho
tel where Vanderbilt has apartments are
aware of the accident, naturally, but they
have been enjoined to let the news get
no further.
The accident is all the more unfortunate
at present, as Mrs. Vanderbilt is looking
forward to the arrival of an heir very
soon.
Special Cable to The Call and New Tork
Herald. Copyright. 1803. by the New York
Herald Publishing Company.
in a strange city but is worrying about
that less than about the fate of her hus
band. She telegraphed to her parents of
her trouble last night and says that if
she does not hear from Manning within
a few days she will return to her home
with them. .-» /
COLUMBIA, S. C, July 5.— The military
company sent to Norway last night re
turned to-day. They had no clash with
the negroes and report the town quiet, al
though some of the citizens there are still
apprehensive.
Quiet Is Restored at Norway.
Two San Francisco Automobilists
Have a Perilous Bide.
SANTA CRUZ. July 5.— Friday Mr. and
Mrs. W. P. Levy of San Francisco had
an exciting experience in an automobile
trip from San Frandaco. They rode
through a forest fire near the Hotel de
Redwood for several hundred yards. The
flre was on all sides of them, so they had
to make a dash through it for safety.
Mrs. Levy had the hair on one side of her
head singed and the wheels of the ma
chine were scorched.
DASH THROUGH FLAMES.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PORTLAND, Ore., July 5.— Dorothy
Manning, nee Bloom, who eloped from
San Francisco a week ago with Frank
Manning, a young clerk who was em
ployed in the office of the Southern Pa
cific Company there, is now left alone
and fears that her husband has met with
foul play. She has reported the myster
ious dissappearance of her husband to
the police and they are of the opinion
that he has deserted her.
Mrs'. Manning's experiences during the
past week are of the truly romantic or
der. She lived at 1204 Golden Gate ave
nue, San Francisco, and was studying
music in a convent. Between practicing
hours she met the young clerk and fell
desperately. In love with him. The par
ents objected to the marriage, but this
did not change them from their purpose.
Manning found that he could get a good
position in Portland and they arranged
for an Immediate marriage.
Mrs. Bloom wa9 very angry with both
her daughter and son-in-law and they
left without her motherly blessing. Last
Friday she visited them In their Port
land home and the mother's love over
came her anger. She accepted Manning
and decided to . make the best of the
affair. Saturday morning she went to
Seattle. to join her husband who Is the
traveling agent for the Diebold Safe and
Lock Company.
Young Manning left the offices where
he was employed at 9 o'clock the same
morning and tne tearful wife Is now un
able to find a trace of him. Since Man
ning's arrival in the city he has told
several friends that he had over $100 in
his pocket. His wife fears that some one
has harmed him with the hope of getting
the money. She will not listen to the
suggestions ' of the police that he may
have deserted her and insists that he
loved her too much.
"1 am sure that he would communicate
with me If he Ib alive and well," she
said last night. I -v'V
The young bride Is alone and penniless
Accident Confines Young Millionaire
to His Bed and Attempt Is
Made to Suppress the
News. ; WV*i
Wife of a Former Eailroad Clerk Be
lieves Missing Spouse Met With
Foul Flay in the Oregon
Metropolis.
Explosion Occurs and He Is
Dragged Forth Badly
Scorched.
Elopement Has a Sudden and
Melancholy Ending in
Portland.
Special Dispatch to Tbe Call.
SAN RAFAEL., July 5.— District Attor
ney Thomas P. Boyd is In receipt of an
affidavit from Charles Sumner Best of
New York, son of the late Colonel Wil
liam J.' Best, who died on April 6 last at
the residence of Dr. J. D. Woods on Fifth
street, charging: Woods with murder and
robbery. It is alleged that Dr. Woods and
his sister, Mrs. Alice Cloy Woods, robbed
Colonel Best of $600 and that Woods ad
ministered poison to the sick man by
means of a hypodermic syringe and by
tablets. : . •;-';
The affidavit states that on the day that
Colonel Best was taken ill he received
5600 from the East, sent him by relatives.
This money mysteriously disappeared and
it ls'alleged that Woods has accounted for
only $10 of it. It Is further stated that
Woods was seen by servants to admin
ister a hypodermic injection to Best three
days before he died.
District Attorney Boyd has made in
quiries at the Rush Medical College
Chicago, from which College Woods stat
ed he was a graduate. Boyd was told
that Woods never was a student there.
All of these circumstances have made the
District Attorney determined to locate
the Woods people and have them brought
to San Rafael under arrest. They disap
peared shortly after Woods* engagement
to Miss Georgia Hickmott of Ross Valley
was broken off by Mrs. Hickmott. It 13
believed that at present they are in Chi
cago.
L.OS ANGELES, July 5.— Joe Montijo,
aged 26 years, of Riverside died last night
in the Receiving Hospital from strychnia
poisoning under circumstances which puz
zled the police. At first they- considered
it a plain case of suicide, but not being
satisfied they made a searching investi
gation, and now announce it' as their
opinion, that the man was murdered, but
by whom and for what motive they admit
they have not even" the remotest idea:
He was seen onAlameda street by a
policeman, and as the officer approached
him he was suddenly seized with convul
sions. He said he had just taken a glass
of beer in a near-by saloon, but had no
other drinks. He was eating candy which
he said a friend had given him, but did
not say who the friend was. He was hur
ried to the hospital and every effort made
to get a connected story of his move
ments, but before he could tell more he
suffered another spasm and died.
It has been established that his death
wag due to strychnia, and it is believed
the poison was contained in the candy, a
partly filled- box of which was found in
his possession. It Is now in the hands of
a chemist for analysis, and several <*>tec
tlves are trying to ascertain where l»Ion
tljo got it.
It was learned to-day that he had a
number of relatives in this city, and all
of them assert that the deceased was not
a drinking man, that he had a good posi
tion in Riverside and that no known rea
son for suicide existed. If the dead "man
had enemies who desired his death his
relatives do not know It. He had some
money, and one theory of the police Is
that some person put poison In his beer,
hoping to render him unconscious and
then rob him, and knowing nothing of
the strength of the poison, used too much.
District Attorney Seeks the
Whereabouts of Dr.
Woods.
Young Man Thought to Have
Been Given Poison in
Candy.
William K. Jr. Essays
to Repair Broken
Machine.
Young Husband of a
San Francisco Girl
Disappears. .
Son of the Colonel Who
Died in Marin Makes
Charges.
Los Angeles Officers In
vestigate Myster
ious Case.
VANDERBILT
HURT UNDER
AUTOMOBILE
BRIDE TELLS
THE POLICE
OF HER FEAR
STRANGE DEATH
PUZZLES POLICE
BEST DECLARES
IT WAS CRIME
SANTA CRU£. July 8. — To-day was a record
breaker for crowds von the beach. Two bands
gave concerts. To-morrow the Stockton boy*'
band will begin a week's encasement. ¦
Collision on Electric Line.
TACOMA, Wash., - July 5.— A i head-on
collision occurred on the Puyallup : elec
tric line to-night near Larchment., Twelve
or fifteen passengers were slightly cut by
broken glass, but no one was seriously
injurtd* . _ , ;, ...
Lodger TIas a Narrow Escape.
TRUCKEE, July 5.— The lodging-house
of Mrs. S. E. Varney was almost entirely
destroyed by flre last night and but lit
tle of the contents were saved. I The | fire
was discovered about midnight, it having
started in the room of a man who was
intoxicated and who was -barely rescued
from death by burning. By heroic ' work
the firemen held the flames in the build
ing where they started and extinguished
them, leaving the charred frame standing.
The loss will exceed $1000. : ¦
DEATH BELIEVES HIM
OF EFFOBT AT SUICIDE
Shasta County Settler Passes Away
While Arranging to Hang
Himself.
REDDING, July 5,-Near Ono yesterday
Samuel Lockhart was found dead In an
orchard with a rope suspended over him
as though he had planned to hang him
self. He lay stretched upon the ground
beneath the hangman's noose, which he
had not used. Heart disease had i prob
ably prevented his making use of it. He
was 70 years old, an old settler, and des
pondent because of -the infirmities of age.'
STEIKTNG SMELTEEMEN,, ( -v
CONFIDENT OF VICTOBY
President Moyer Says it Will Not Be
Necessary to Call Out th© ./Y1;;
Miners.
DENVER,, July 6.— James B. Grant,
chairman of the executive committee of
the American Smelting and Refining Com
pany, estimates the damage at the Grant
and Globe smelters caused by the,unex
pected strike of the employes at $25,000 to
$30,000. All but (wo of the elefen furnaces
in use were "frozen," and the ore ' will
have to be cut out before the furnaces
can again be used.
President Charles F. Moyer of th©
Western Federation of Miners says that
he does not think it will be necessary to
call out the miners of the State in sup
port of the smeltermen. The failure of
the Legislature to pass an eight-hour law
is given by the strikers as the cause of
the trouble, and the company Is accused
of using Improper means to defeat legis
lation. A large force of police is guard-
Ing the smelters in this city, and no se
rious disturbance has occurred, though
twelve men have been arrested for dis
orderly conduct and making threats.
WHEATLAND, July 5.— The dis
astrous blaze that began here
yesterday afternoon was un
dqubtedy-caused by flrecrack-
« ers in the hands of small
boys. The scene this morning was one of
ruin and desolation. Where stood block
after block of substantial brick business
houses and costly homes nothing re
mains but ashes and smoldering debris.
On account of the celebrations held in
this city and at Lincoln nearly all the res
idents were absent and few men were
available to fight the flames. Almost at
the start the water supply, which is fur
nished from large tanks and by pumps
driven \ by electric power forcing water
into six-inch mains, became exhausted
by reason of the power line burning and
the tanks not being filled.
Handicapped as they were, the volunteer
firemen put up a strong fight, but to no
avail. A heavy wind was blowing from
the southwest and burning brands were
carried over the town that was doomed
and soon In flames in many sections. The
entire block, of brick, fronting. along the
railroad tracks,, was destroyed with the
exception of the I. O. O. F. Hall and a
portion of the Farmers' Bank building.
The following are the losses as near as
can be ascertained at this time:
M. V. Sparks, six buildings, $12,000, insur
ance $3000: E. E. Roddan, lumber yards. S.VKM)
insurance $3000; residence. $500. fully Insured;
William Careny, American Hotel, loss $5000
Insurance $3000; J. M. Gardner, livery stable'
$.V)00, insurance $1500; residence, $3000, insur
ance $1000; I. O. O. F. building damaged $300
insured fully; C. W. Mahon, damage to dry
Roods, $200; F. W. Anderson, damaged $250-
Farmers' Bank, $2000. fully Insured; Four
Corners" printing plant, $2500, Insurance $500;
B. I. Sowell. Krocery. $6500, Insurance $4500;
?-.^u?-t?1 Brown. dru K »t«>ck. $7500, insurance
$3000; Dr. Melton, drug stock, $300. no Insur
ance; A. C. Stasrner, hardware stock, $350 in-
S U J[J5 : j - f * residence and contents.
$5000. fully Insured; Mrs.. J. Muck, residence
$2000, Insured; A. RIechers, residence, $4000-
John Stlneman, three buildings, $5000, insured;
W. H. Stone, two resldences.^barn . and out
buildings and contents, lots $5000. small in
surance; Mrs. C. Justice, two buildings. $1000-
Baptist church. $3000,, insurance $1500- J L.
Wallis, two buildings and household goods
$3000. Insurance $1250; J. M. Johnson post
office fixtures, $250. no insurance; B. F. Mon
son. household goods, $200; F. G. Dowane
household goods. $500, fully Insured; Pursell &.
Riechers, bam and contents, $1000; J. E
Blackford. household goods, $1000, insurance
Besides these enumerated, a great many
suffered damage to household goods by
removal and breakage.
Many people are homeless, but are being
cared for by the more fortunate neigh
bors. The town to-day was thronged with
people from nearby towns viewing the
ruins. The burned district will probably
all be rebuilt and some are waiting only
for losses to be adjusted, when building
operations will begin.
building and many landed through the
skylights, but with hard work this was all
extinguished.
The warehouse of cnopius & De Geus
across Third street Jrom the .Devereaux
warehouse was not so fortunate, for the
cinders which fell on the roof soon started
the dry shingles burning.
The next building lost was a small barn
-used by Lee Brothers & Co., truckmen,
for storage of hay. Five dwellings were
the fuel for the flames next! TMe tan
bark sheds, full to their capacity of tan
bark, with D00 cords belonging to the
tannery company, were in the path of the
flames and were lost. The stables of the
tanning company were also destroyed.
Then Santa Rosa Creek stopped the flre.
Across a narrow street to the east of
the Cnopius & De Geus warehouse,
which was burned, were the foundry and
machine shops of F. J. Yandle. When the
flames reached that warehouse the wind,
•which had been blowing a terrible gale
from the northwest, changed to a more
southerly course. This was the means of
saving these buildings, together with
many residences in the block. The Santa
; Rosa Tanning Company's plant was
thought by all to be doomed, and if it had
gone the Grace Brothers* brewery build
ings would also have gone, as the two
plants are very close together, but the
, change of the wind was a help in the sav
ing of these.
The California Northwestern Railway's
loss will be $90,000 and consists of the two
buildings, freight and cars. It is under
stood that no . Insurance was carried by
the railroad company. Station Agent Will
Spridgens, who lived with his family in
the second story of the passenger depot,
lost all of his household furniture and
wearing apparel, only escaping in the
nick of time. His loss will be about $1500.
He had small insurance. The Western Ho
tel was the 'property of John Doda of
Fort Ross and the valuation Is placed at
about $8000. It was occupied by B. Cot
tlni. It was insured, for $3000. The loss
at the Devereaux warehouse was only
about $100 and Is covered by Insurance.
The loss Cnopius & De Geus' warehouse
Is estimated at more than $20,000, includ
ing the goods in storage.
The Bruner and Redmond dwellings
were insured- for small amounts. The
dwellings "belonging to the tanning com
pany were Insured for about $600. The sta
ble is a loss of about (500, together with
$100 worth of hay. Tanbark is worth about
$20 a cord an- the GOO cords destroyed
makes a loss of about $10,000. All of the
tannery property was insured for about
one-half of its value. !'"£';"*
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA ROSA, July 5.— The most
destructive Cre which has ever
visited Santa Rosa occurred here
this afternoon 'and the less will
amount to ever $125,000. It burned
over four blocks of territory. If the wind
had not changed its direction when it did
the loes would have been still greater, as
the large plants of the Santa Rosa Tan
nery and Grace Brothers Brewing Com
pany were In the direct line of the wind
until It changed its course.
The largest loser Is the California North
western Railway Company, In whose
freight depot the fire utarted. The pas
senger deoot was coon In flames, and,
•ritb. the help of the strong north wind. It
was not long before the Western Hotel,
across the street, was a mass of fire.
From there the destruction continued un
tii Santa Rosa Creek, four blocks dis
tant, was reached. Only the brick ware-
House of E. W. Devereaux was saved
along this route of flame.
The fire was discovered by children
who notified Conductor Frank Burns at
the passenger depot. He at once ran to
the corner of Fifth and Wilson and
turned in an alarm. In ten minutes the
entire building was ablaze. Much freight
belonging to local merchants was de
etroyed. Five loaded freight cars which
.were etanding on the Biding alongside the
building were also destroyed.
From the freight building the flames
tpread across to the paseenger depot and
there was nothing: left of that in a few
minutes. The scarcity of water retarded
the firemen in their work, and It was not
long before it was evident that the West
ern Hotel was doomed. The next build
ing: in the path of the flames was the
fireproof warehouse of E. W^ Devereaux.
The burning embers fell all' over this
VIEWS IK THE TOWN' OF WHEATLAND, IN TUBA COUNTY. WHICH WAS DAMAGED TO THE EXTENT OF
C00.O00 WORTH OF PROPERTY, WHERE A TERRIFIC FIRE STARTED ON THE FOURTH OF JULY WHEN
NEARLY ALL RESIDENTS WERE ABSENT.
Fire Starts in the California Northwestern Railway Freight Depot and
Spreads Disastrously Until It Reaches the Waters of a Creek.
Conflagration Leaves Many Persons in Town of Wheatland Homeless
FLAMES SWEEP SANTA ROSA BLOCKS
AND PROPERTY IS LEFT IN ASHES
THE SAN FRANCISGO CALL, 3IONDAT, JULY 6, 1903.
3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BACK EAST
EXCURSIONS
BY THE
JULY 12th, 13th, 14th,
15th and 18th.
AUGUST 18th and 19th,
25th and 28th.
THr.HR AND BACK
ONE FARE.
STOP-OVERS 9O-DAY LIMIT.
Ask Alents
SANTA FE
For Particulars
641 MARKET STREET
* -
You think you know ginger.
Unless Schilling's Best, you
have perhaps never tasted it
(,; ADVERTISEMENTS. /
Mctjffj^fi* i j , . !"f t' *^rs?7*{75f^^mitJ33m x. C J I I I i I s* I 1 \ 1 I I til C 111 1 1 v L ill II I ¦ Fflyj
MSM l^^^^^k yet leading in sales, proves that its 11
superiority is recognized through- Si
HI II lllliii^^H -Further proofs of Budweiser's I
iH! H ijl^^^^^^l worth are the many imitations, both M
in name and similarity of label, con- 1
' Budweiser is bottled only at the home plant of \ht |||
R I I^B^^^B Anheuser-Busch Brewing: Ass'n H
"•fViittLS ! ' ' Orders promptly filled' by
¦j -- .<: . TILLMANN & * BENDEL, Pacific Sloje Distributer*shares of Northern Pacific Railroad stock and he
should wed a young woman 'who was the holder of
ioo shares of Great Northern Railroad stock, the
marriage contract would be illegal. It would -:be
'in restraint of trade.' Such is the scope and ¦;'po
tency of the Sherman act, as interpreted by the Su
preme Court, when reduced to. the bare bones of its
ultimate logical significance." f- ..
BY the learned gentleman who furnishes the
New York Sun with legal lore it has been
said: "If a young man were possessed of ioo
The streets of Bombay are excellent, as
are generally the main roads throughout
India. They are thoroughly macadamized
or metaled and made smooth by heavy
rollers.
RESTRAINING MATRIMONY.
As an evidence of how silly the silly season talk
can be made by politicians when they get a good fit
of loquacity on, it may be noted that a report comes
from Washington that certain Ohio statesmen have
decided that the ticket for next year shall be Roose
velt and Taft, and that Senator Hanna shall be re
tired from local leadership.
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and nubile men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main VHX •
ToTTiisend's California glace fruits asd
candles, 60c a pound, la artistic firs
etched boxes. A nlcs present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market st.. above bids.*
Harriet Martineau visited the United
States in 1S40 and reported that only seven
occupations were open to women. They
were teaching, needlework, keeping
boarders, working in cotton factories,
typesetting, bookbinding and household
service. . . .
LONDON. July 5.-The reeling on the
Stock last week continued to
be cheerful. A more hopeful situation
which set in duriner the previous week
continued and the whole list showed de
cided Improvement, especially the gilt
edged securities^ which are deriving bene
fit from cheaper money. While the at
mosphere was clearer, the prospects of a
continued improvement in prices, espe
cially of investment stocks, are very good,
the public as yet showing no great de
gree of ea«ernes» and consequently the
volume of business done last wck waj
small.
Americans participated In the specula
tive movement. Kaffirs were temporarily
excited by a private telegram stating
that the Transvaal Government had au
thorized the importation of 50,000 Chinese
for work at the mines. This report, how
ever, remains without confirmation.
Prospect of a Continued Improvement
in Prices of Investment Shares
Are Good.
CHEERFUL TONE PERVADES
LONDON STOCK EXCHANGE
. But. as just observed, a better tone seems to be de
veloping. It was remarked in this column several
weeks 2go that the great New York banks, deeming
ihe long liquidation in Wall street practically over,
were not averse to a i ally, and were in fact rather will
ing to help along a little bull campaign. The fact is,
tile financial interests of the country have swung
from ore extreme to the other, and from being over
sanguine a year or so ago have become pessimistic
to the other extreme. One condition is about as bad
2s_ the other. There is nothing to be pessimistic
about at present, and the future can take care of itself.
The country is still prosperous and likely to remain
'.so with a little watching on the part of its guides
iand guardians.
In this connection Henry Clews, the New York
banker, who is probably as close to the powerful
moneyed interests of the country as any other man
who keeps himself thoroughly posted on the daily
course of the stock and financial markets, and there
fore speaks by the card, says:
"Wall street continues in a conservative and some
what hesitating mood. For conservatism there is
'still good reason, while for the extreme pessimism
that prevails in some quarters there is absolutely now
no justification. The average buyer of stocks forgets
that many of the depressing factors which now influ
ence him have been recognized by shrewd operators
weeks and months ago, and that these conditions
have been largely, if not over discounted by a decline
of 30 to 40 points in many of the leading stocks. -Just
now we are in danger of running into a state of exces
sive pessimism, which is quite as hazardous as the un
reasoning optimism which induced all sorts of excesses
in 1901-2. When desirable securities begin to sell be
low instrinsic values, not good but harm follows from
forcing prices to a lower level; for confidence is un
necessarily disturbed, enterprise checked and disaster
invited which reason and judgment should prevent
What is especially needed at the moment is careful
discrimination. There is rm excuse whatever for an
undue loss of confidence when corrective influences
are actively at work and the financial situation has
been greatly clarified by the enormous liquidation of
the last six months. There are still undigested securi
ties in existence, but these are generally in strong
hands, where they are likely to remain awaiting con
ditions much more favorable to their distribution
than the present." J
There is no change in the important food or mer
chandise staples from a week ago. Adverse weather
is catting down previous estimates of the wheat crop
in Europe and the United States, and last week's hot
north wind has materially altered the aspect' of the
fruit and grain yield in some parts of California; but
ihc general trade situation remains as for some weeks
fcack.
?vstem
IN the liveliest times the Fourth of July week in
trade is always dull and featureless, and last week
\\i* no exception to the rule. Outside of Wall
\treet there was nothing new worthy of comment,
and even in that fecund nest of sensations matters
\vere decidedly xame. There were fluctuations up and
'down. -but as the week advanced the market devel
oped a better tone, though business was lacking.
Private wires received in this city from stock oper
ators there said that the great bulk of the liquida
tion was probably over, that crop news was better,
and that the tone of the financial situation was un
doubtedly much improved.
Still, there is a cloud hanging over the market in
the form of the regular moving of the trops in the
fall, which will require the usual large blocks of cash,
and although the bank?, both at New York and
Chicago and even in the West, have been providing
reserve* for this movement for some time it is recog
nized that th? gre?t bulk of the burden will after all
fall upon the New York banks. This tends to create
more or less anxiety regarding the course of the
money market later on, and causes more or less hesi
tation in finances. This periodically recurring appre
hension over the autumn money market will continue
'until the country adopts a more elastic currency
THE FINANCIAL PENDULUM IS
SWINGING BACK.
MONDAY .r~ JUL-Y fr 1903
JOHN D. SFRECKELS, Proprietor. ¦V
/ccr«s* All Communication* to W. S. LEAKE. MonoB«r.
TELEPHONE.
Asx for THE CAJJL. The Operator Will Connect
Ton With the Department You Wish.
rtBLXCATIO.V OFFICE... Market a»d Tblrd, S. F.
EDITORIAL BOOMS 21T to 221 Steven«om St.
Delivered by Carriers, 2O Cts. Per Week, 75 Cts.
Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cents.
Tens* fcr M »fl. Tn*-»"'Vrr Po»U*« <Ca»li With OnJtr) :
DATJLT rki.r. (lacteSisc SaadftT). oa« year fS.OO
DAHT <*at.t. (including Enad&r). « month* 4.OO
DAJLT CALI*-Bt Sa*W» Mouth..- '. *5«
ttTXDAT CxUa Ob« Tmx — a -*J*
WEEKX.T ***r.i t Ot>« T«*r l.OO
f I>»Jlf ... *«_SO Per T«*r Extrn
FOREIGN POSTAGE i SuswUy.. 4-15 P«r Tew Extra
I Waefclr. • 1.O0 Per Tear Extra.
All Po«tra«« term »re amtboriaed t» reeefra
aub»crlptlona.
fe*_Epl* ocirtea will be Sorwarded when requested.
kfall «cb>ertben la orderla* ebanc* "I mMrtsa abeald be
pej-Ocslar to rlT» both NEW ANT> OU> ADDRESS In order
to tssur* a proxapt and correct compliance wttb their requ«*t.
OAKLA5D OFFICK.
1118 Broadway Telephone Mala 10S3
BERKELET OFFICE.
Z14S Ceater Str*«t Telephone Xorth 77
l . GEORGE KBOGXKSS. Hantftf Forelxm AdMf.
tUlar. Xlarquett* DalldlnK. Cblcmmo.
Oxscc DUtaaae Telephone "Oeatral 202*.")
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
MORTOS E. CIUM3 14O6 G Street, S. W.
NEW TORE REPRESENT ATTVE:
MXraO B. SMITH SO Tribna* DmJIdlas
HH_4J5Cn OFFICES— K7 Moat*cs>eTT. corser of Clay, epea
tastll •:» «*e!ock. WO Hayee. epea until »:30 o'eloet 6S9
UcAHlster. open uatil 9:30 o'clock. 615 Lwtls, opea until
f SO o'clock. 1S41 Klsaloa. opea nntlJ 10 o'clock. 2201
Market, comer Sixteenth, epea catll • o'clock. 108« Va
tenda. open uttU » o'clock. 1(* Elereath. opea until »
s'cloca. NW. coracr Tweuty-aecoad aud Kentucky, opea
uatU » o'clock. 2200 KUlnscre. opea until » o'clock.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAYIKG TOWH FOR THE SUMMER
Call ¦abeertbera coatfmnUtiuc a rhtifr of
realdeaee dariaa- tae eomtner month* can nave
h«-lr paper fornarded by mail <• their acw
Udreurt by BOtlfyiaa* Tne Call Baalneaa OClce.
1 ht« paper ot«11 el«© be on aale at all summer
* i norti *ad la represented <>T a local aa-eat la
nil totrm on tbe cout
Mrs. S. A. Kidder of Grass Valfey, pres
ident of the Nevada County Narrow-gauge
Railroad, Is registered at the Palace.
George T. Meyers, a State Senator of
Oregon, arrived from Portland yesterdav
nnti is registered at the Occidental.
R. Vereker. a rancher of Willows, {3 at
the Lick.
Dr. B. F. Keith of Terre Haute, Ind., is
at the Grand.
John Markley, a rancher of Geyservllle,
is at the Lick.
The Rev. F. J. Mynard of Hanford Is at
the Occidental.
J. H. Leggett, a merchant of Orovllle,
is at the Grand.
II. E. Pickett, a merchant of Placer
ville, is at the Grand.
Fred Cox. a banker of Sacramento, is
iegistered at the Grand.
Edward Walden. a fruit grower of Gey
serville, Js at the California.
T. J. White, a merchant of Denver, and
wife are registered at the Occidental.
Don Ray of Gait, former Prison Di
rfctor, and wife .are guests at the Lick.
T. J. Norton, chief counsel of the Santa
Fe road for Its Western system, is at the
Palace.
PERSONAL MENTION.
"Taking Into consideration the things
Sharp has had to contend against, I think
his success as a lawyer has been remark
able."
"Why. what did he ever have to con
tend against?"
"Everything. He came of a wealthy
family. He didn't have to work his way
through college. He never studied by the
light of a pine torch, never had to drive
a dray, never walked six miles to school
and wasn't .'compelled to borrow his
books. He had every possible facility,
and yet he has done well from the very
start."— Chicago Tribune.
Greening (shopping with his wife)-Here
is something that will make you a nice
dress.
Mrs. Greening— Oh, nobody is wearing
that this season.
"Well, what's the matter with this
piece?"
"Ob. that's too common. Everybody is
wearing it."— Chicago News.
"Rafferty." said Mr. Dolan, "what do
yez think iv Venzweala?"
"Well," was the answer, "I haven't
gone far inty the subjeck. But the way
they're hemmerin' its forts I should say
it ain't necessary ty look in the geogra
phy ty learn that it's wan o" the smallest
countries an -the - map."— Washington.
Star.
"Didn't you tell me dat dog you sold me
were a huntln" dos?"
"Sho\"
"He don' want to do nutfln" but look foh
a comf'able place to He down ln."
"Da's right. Huntin' wahm spots is his
specialty."— Washington Star.
From the pagoda of the late Prince LJ
Sum Whot we heard strains of strange
and weird music.
Turning to our guide we asked: "What
causes that peculiar melody?"
"Why." he explained, "that Is one of
the soldiers playing on his loot."—Balti
more American.
Comfort and Style.— Miss Lacey— I don't
feel comfortable In this waist at all.
Jlisa Gracey— Why not?
Miss Lacey— It makes me feel uncom
fortable because it's too comfortable to
be a good fit.— Philadelphia Press.
Stranger — Fuel is pretty costly here thin
winter, isn't it?
Fire Insurance Man (in accents of sad
ness^— Costly? Sometimes we burn a.<
high as $100,000 worth of buildings In a sin
gle night— Philadelphia Times.
Here's a man who must pay $1000 for
having said "Boo!" to a girl in the dark.
A fellow who couldn't think of anythlr.se
better than that never should hare been
left with a girl when the lights were out.
— Utlca Herald-Dispatch.
"A woman may be a pretty poor shot."
remarked the Observer of Events an;l
Things, •'but when she throws herself at
your feet she'll come pretty close to hit
ting your pet corn."— Yonxers Statesman.
Mollle— What character did you take at
the masauerade?
Chollle— I went as a fool.
"Oh, I thought every one had to wear
some disguise!— Yonkers Statesman.
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
For the time' being, the critics won the victory.
The/play • was a failure from a monetary point of
view.. -However, we have made a beginning, and will
try, again. If Germany takes our canned beef she
must take our drama also. We are not going to
permit this unfair discrimination among American
products. With us the dramatic artist and the meat
packer stand on a level. We are all equal. Berlin
must, take our art of every kind even if we haVe to
t>uild r a theater and- ram it down her throat.
•Surely such a plea as that. might have obtained for
our dramatic art a" gentle hearing, but it was not to
be. Probably the' critics did not like the reference to
canned beef. Probably they did not agree that Ger
man culture could becarriqd to this country by Prus
sian lieutenants of the guard and diffused throughout
society by waiters in restaurants. At any rate they
refused to accept the play. They declared it to be
a "sensations stucke;" and advised the German pub
lic and German theater managers to have nothing to
do with it. \ , .. '
"We still cherish a prejudice against American art.
As a ¦matter: of fact we can hear them say 'And must
this come too' when we recall the sky-scrapers of
Chicago, the ugly "architecture of the cathedral on
Fifth avenue and the transatlantic theatrical pieces
with which we have already become acquainted. On
the other hand we have been aroused to enthusiasm
in this very playhouse.. but .a short time ago when
.MifsrS.arah Duneafc .of OatifdrniVapfpeardrbefore us
and succeeded in elevating to ideality and -the
esthetic the most sensual of all forms of art dancing.
It showed us that even in the country across the
ocean, with its enmity for all fine forms' of art and
its dilettanteism in art. they are beginning to awaken
thoughts and ideals which are new to even the old
lands of culture on this side*. Does it not seem as
fitting for an old Prussian squire to emigrate to
the United States in order to teach the cowboy there
how to manipulate the lasso? Yet it is true that
former Prussian guard officers and lieutenants grace
New York restaurants as waiters to-day. Perhaps
the spirit of culture is conveyed to the United States
and grows there just as the steer is raised in the far
West and we receive canned beef from the New
World."
AMERICAN invasion of Germany began with
an export of wheat and corn. That was,
quickly followed by an "invasion of canned
meats and dried fruits, and ere long we* were filling
their markets with ¦ manufactured goods. Each suc
ceeding form of the invasion roused a new set of
defenders of the home product, and the fight against
us became more and more vigorous and bitter. Still
the invasion swept along, hindered at times, but
never beaten back, until now we are attacking the
very citadel of German culture by invading their
cities with American art, amusement and entertain
ment.
• The first notable invasion of the latter kind was
the appearance in Germany of the American "Wild
West Show." It attained a triumph that encouraged
other showmen to venture, and soon the American
circus was parading the fatherland like a conqueror,
and American vaudeville stars were illuminating the
nights not only of Berlin and Hamburg, but of all
the cathedral cities and university towns. Their ad
vance was so swift that within a comparatively short
time after their first appearance they won their way
to the innermost centers of culture; and when a'
short time' ago an|American cake walk was given at
the palace of the Kaiser, American genius had a
right to 'say,"! came, I saw, I conquered."
The latest sweep bT the invasion has taken the form
of the introduction of American drama on the Ber
lin stage. This movement appears to have aroused
everything stalwart in Germany, and we learn by re
ports from Berlin that the critics and the high mas
ters of culture and of art are raging like Valkyrs
screaming for slaughter % and urging on the fight
against the insolent invaders of the classic stage of
Germany. The reports inform us that after the first
night of a presentation of an American play in Ber
lin the critics roared next morning that the play is a
proof that American dramatic art is in its swaddling
clothe?, that;-when the situations of the play are not
ludicrous they are pathetic, but not with the pathos
the author intended; and that the whole piece in con
ception, style and rendering is but a barbarism.
The manager of the theater wfio was induced to
give our art a show on his boards deemed it neces
sary, in announcing the play, to make something of
an apology and a plea for mercy in doing so. It is
reported that on the programme for the first night's
performance there was printed a statement running
thus: i ."
A BLAST FROM BERLIN.
The completion of the battleship Mis
souri at Newport News during the pres
ent year, and the Ohio some time during
1904. will leave thirteen battleships-ln
clutllng three! 13,000-ton ships not yet
placed— to be completed between 1903 and
1&07, in addition to which there are eleven
armored cruisers to be finished within
two, three and four years. Only one bat
tleship, the Connecticut. Is building in the
New York navy yard, two battleships
and three armored cruisers in trust yards
and the remainder are distributed among
six independent private yards, on the -as
sumption that contracts for the three bat
tleships will be placed with Newport
News, Cramps' and the Camdcn yard.
Therefore, if additional ships are to be
laid down during the next two years the
Navy Department will be forced to utilize
the navy yards. An additional battleship
can be built at the New York navy
yard and two at each of the yards at
Boston, Norfolk and Mare Island.
There is a huge gong in the office of the
Chief of the Bureau of Navigation which
has not besn used . for several years, of
which the fallowing good story is told how
a civilian got revenge on a martinet of
ficer: Captain F. M. Ramsay was super
intendent of the Naval Academy from
1SS1 to 1886, and during part of this pe
riod James R. Soley, a professor ln the
navy, was head of the department of Eng
lish studies. Ramsay, while a capable of
ficer, was a perfect martinet, and above
all things delighted to show his authority
over the unfortunate civilians under his
control. Soley had a very unpleasant
life for about a year, when he managed
to set transferred to the library. In a
few years the wheel of fortune brought
about a changed condition, Ramsay be
came Chief of the Bureau of Navigation
and Soley was made Assistant Secretary
of the Navy and at once started in to
get revenue, on his old tormentor. He
ordered a monster gong to be placed in
Ramsay's office with a push button on his
desk to connect with it, and Soley had fre
quent occasion to summon Ramsay up one
flight at stairs to the Assistant Secre
tary's office. It was a loud sounding
gong ringing out with a volume and sud
denness that would startle every occu
pant on the lower floor. Its primary ob
ject was well understood and no one
sympathized with Ramsay for the hu
miliation to which he was subjected dur
ing two long years: .
The outlook for additional ships during
the next session of Congress is not very
promising. /The United States Shipbuild
ing Trust is practically out. for some In
definite period as a bidder on navy work,
leaving only five private j shipyards . at
which battleship building can be carried
on. Of these latter yards the Newport
News has already four battleships and
three armored cruisers under " construc
tion, the Cramps' yards three armored
cruisers, the New York Shipbuilding Com
pany at Camden one battleship and one
armored/ cruiser: Fore River has three
battleships, and Moran Brothers, Seattle,
one battleship. The two last named yards
are taxed, to their full limit with the
work now on hand, leaving only three
yards as competitors for the three 13,000
ton battleships to be contracted tor with
in six months..
The system of paying premiums for ex
cess of speed was discontinued in our
navy, about seven years, ago, and since
then the contractors have been content to
come up to the requirements and making
no special efforts to make records. The
handsome bonus of $175,000 earned by the
Oregon, against $38,500 for the Indiana and
$100,000 for the Massachusetts was earned
through superior design and workmanship
in details of machinery, and chiefly
through the adoption of propellers suit
able for the vessel. The propellers of the
three ships varied in their slip, being
24.85 per cent for the Indiana against 22.64
on the Massachusetts and only. 14.33 per
cent for the Oregon. The incentive to
earn a premium resulted in getting better
ships for the Government than the con
tracts stipulated, but in the case of the
four monitors recently completed it is
rather disappointing to note that the Wy
oming, built by the Union Iron Works,
makes the poorest showing. The vessels
were to make a speed of 11.5 knots on 2400
horsepower, and the trial speed data show
that the Nevada' made 13.039 knots, her
strews having a slip of only 9.57 per cent;
the Arkansas, 12.713 knots and 9-44 per cent
slip; the Florida, 12.4 knots and 24.45 per
cent slip, while the Wyoming made only
11.8 knots, owing to the excessive slip of
her propellers, which averaged 30.07 per
cent. It is safe to assume that Jf a pre
mium of $5000 for each quarter knot excess
over contract had been offered the Wy
oming Would have turned out faster than
any of jfce other monitors, while now she
I* the lowest of her class and detracts
from the*former splendid record of the
Union Iron Works. Similar disappoint
ments may be looked for in the protected
cruisers' approaching completion as well
as in the battleships and armored cruisers
under construction.
The British torpedo-boat destroyer Sy
ren established a record last month for
getting up steam. The boat was lying at
Portsmouth with a fleet of other
destro'yers ' under cold boilers ¦ when
the admiral signaled "Raise steam
for fifteen knots with all dis
patch." In fifty-eight, minutes the
Syren had steam for speed required, and
the next best vessel did not signal
"ready" until twenty-five minutes after
the Syren was far off on her course. The
Syren is fitted with water-tube boilers of
the Reed type.
The accident on board the armored
cruiser Good Hope two weeks ago, by
which seven men were scalded in the
boiler-room— three of whom have since
died—is believed to have been caused by
heavy gun firing. The concussion Is said
to have broken one of the anchor bolts of
one of the elements In the Belleville boil
ers, lifting it from Its cone and causing a
rush* of heated water under a pressure of
300 pounds into the fireroom. .
When Laughlin arrived all of the In
dtans,had gathered to receive him. They
hail 'appointed several of their number to
receive the officials of the Government
and to present them to the tribe. It was
agreed to give each Indian who is the
head of a family twenty acres of land
and $200 in cash. The land is to be held in
trust for a period of twenty-five years,
and at the end of that time Is to be deed
ed to the holder, with the understanding
that it is to be held ln severalty. The
money is to be paid at once. The Indians
accepted the proposition after a short
conference, and the surveys will com
mence within the next few days.
Reports from EIko County say that
Piute Indians are dying in large numbers
ln the vicinity of the Duck Valley res
ervation. The exact nature of the disease
is not stated, but It is understood to be
some sort of fever.
DAYTON, Nev., July 5.— The passing of
the famous Piute tribe of Indians is
realized more clearly in the recent action
of the Government is opening a greater
portion of their reservation to the public.
When the allotments were made and com
pensation was awarded it was found that
of this once powerful tribe but 100 .fami
lies remain, and a number of these are
dying off from an epidemic In the neigh
borhood of the Duck Valley reservation.
Major Laugblin, inspector of Indian res
ervations, arrived here two days ago for
the purpose of completing an arrange
ment with the Indians for the disposition
of their lands. The reservation is an ex
tremely large one, and a portion of it is
mineral land of a high quality. Owing
to the fact that it has beentreserved for
the use of the tribe miners have been
barred and prospecting or development haa
never gained headway. As soon as it is
thrown open to settlement a boom is ex
pected in the section and hundreds of peo
ple are waiting to take up property. The
opening of the country will throw all of
the mineral land out of the red man's
district. Rich timber land will also be
sold and this section of the State will
be greatly benefited.' A small portion of
the reservation will be reserved for its
original owners. This portion will be
nothing more than grazing and farming
land.
Special Dispatch to The Call
TUCSON, Ariz.. July 5.-At the direct
request of the State Department the
United States District Attorney of Ari
zona has just completed an nvesfation
into what was reported to the Mexican
Government as a plan for an armed force
to invade the State of S° n t ora ™ * £ '" bu »:
tering expedition, there to establish an
fSndeni state. with *• *^£^
pose of annexing it to the Ln ted States
The request for such an investigation
came through the Mexican Embassador
and was at once referred to % Attorney
General's department and by Wm to the
Federal authorities of the Territorj.
ISenTx was specified as the headquarters
of the alleged revolutionists, and there
and elsewhere the government officials
made a thorough investigation.
What they discovered to bo the cau?-»
of all this trouble was that a few months
ago P. K. HIclcey. a well-known business
man. was conversing with friends on the
subject of the treatment of American
railroad men in Sonora. With some
warmth he averred that "some day we
will simply have to go down there and
annex the country to the United States.
«e went no further with his remarks;
Indeed, he forgot he had ever said any
thing 1 on the subject. But the words wer«
picked up by a passing Mexican, who told
the Mexican Consul, who passed the in
formation along through official channels.
Special DUpatch to The Call
Out of the recent forest fires in • New England
there has come an .extensive- discussion concerning
the best means of preventing any future occurrence
of the kind. : It is safe to say, however, the talk will
pass the summer season, and, when winter comes,
with its snows and its Legislatures, there will be a
complete forgetfulnes"s . of any such -thing as forest
preservation.
In thi? city, therefore, Mr. Mackay will find a cor
dial and sanguine response to his wish that the cable
may prove a useful factor in the commerce of the
United States. We shall work for the realization, of
that wish, and date a new era in our local history
from the completion of this great work of a pioneer
and a native son.
In addition to this feeling of pride we have a deep
interest in the cable by reason of the advantages it
will furnish us in our expanding trade with the East.
All experience proves that the flow of commerce is
westward. Hitherto our trade has gone backward,
as it -.vere. We have looked eastward to the Atlantic
States for our markets rather than westward across
the great ocean of which San Francisco is the natural
metropolis; The daily messages which the cable will
bring us from Manila and the populous lands of
eastern Asia will tend to turn our eyes in that direc
tion, and we shall then seek in those countries a
larger market than the Atlantic States can give. It
may. of course, take years of time to achieve such
markets and to adapt our industries to the needs of
those people, but in the end we shall succeed, and
San Francisco will take rank among the greatest
commercial centers of the globe.
The completion of the cable corresponds with the
coming of a critical moment in the history of the
East and of the world. It can no longer be ques
tioned that Russia is aiming at something like a
monopoly of the markets of Manchuria and of
northern China, and it is a foregone conclusion that
should that monopoly be established it would not be
very long before the force of circumstances would
impel the Russians to even further aggressions upon
the Chinese empire. It is, therefore, altogether for
tunate that at this juncture the United States has ob
tained a means for prompt communication with the
Orient over a wire under American control, for we
are thus put in a position to keep posted on the
progress of events, and to learn promptly whatever
may happen.
To Californians the completion of the cable is more
interesting than to any other people, for it is not
only closely related to our commercial interest?, but
it is due to the enterprise of a California pioneer
nnd the energy of a native son. Every people is
naturally and justly proud of the achievements of
their fellow countrymen. That is one of the instinc
tive feelings of the human heart. It i« associated
with patriotism, and nations erect monuments, to
their great men, not only because of the honor due
to their work, but because of the glory reflected
upon the nation itself. In California we have felt a
high degree of pride in the record made by the men
who founded the commonwealth. We have delighted
in citing their works as an evidence that the men
who came to this coast to build up a new State in the
American Union represented the best elements of. the
manhood oi the time. The Pacific cable will be an
other proof of the vigor and* the sagacity of the
pioneers, and therefore the completion of the cable
is something in the nature of a Californian triumph
in the world of industry and commerce.
BY the message sent from President Roosevelt
to Clarence H. Mackay on July 4 evidence was
given that human energy has at last girdled
the globe with wires affording means for telegraphic
communication round the world. The President's
message made the circuit in twelve minutes. That
speed, which in a former age would have seemed 'like'
magic, will hardly affect the popular mind of to-day.
Indeed some may wonder why the speed is not
greater. We have become accustomed to the achieve
ments of electricity by means of wire, and "now we
have special wonder only for wireless messages and
for the marvels that are being wrought through the
mysterious forces of radium.
Despite the lack of popular wonder, however, the
completion of the Pacific cable is a great step for
ward in the advancement of civilization. The work
is more important than it seems to us, and carries
with it wonderful possibilities. It places us in close
relations to the far oft Orient and opens opportuni
ties of trade that can hardly be even so much as
estimated at this time. That feature of the work was
uppermost in the mind of Clarence Mackay in the
hour of his triumph, and his message in reply to
President Roosevelt was an expression of an earnest
hope that "the Pacific cable, by opening the wide
horizon of the great East, may prove a useful factor
to the commerce of the United States."
THE COMPLETED CIRCUIT.
SYREN MAKES
A RECORD IN
BRITISH NAVY
PIUTE TRIBE
NOW PASSING
FROM NEVADA
every bachelor to dispose. of all his railway securi
ties before he goes to the summer, resorts, and in
that way obtain a free-hand to woo and win wherever
he can. < , ' ¦!¦¦
GOVERNMENT'S
OFFICERS FIND
NO FILIBUSTER
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY 6, 1903.
The hymn "America" is at last to be dressed up in
a new tune. A -New York professor has been given
a "gcld/medal by the Society • of the. Cincinnati for
writing : an acceptable melody. ; The old-fashioned
one,, even though made from imported .goods, has
done trood service and will not be cast. aside without
a tinge of regret. "
The young lady telephone operators at Spokane
have struck in a body,. and one of their demands is
that they-be. accorded the privilege of dressing to
suit themselves. The. outcome will be noted with
interest, 'as woman has been absolute ruler of her
paraphernalia from time immemorial and has guarded
that right jealously.
The Consul at Kehl, Germany,^ reports to his Gov
ernment after a visit to this State that California
prunes and apricots are rapidly supplanting those of
France and Italy.-and that the outlook for v their in
creased sale in Germany is most encouraging. He
reports the California fruit to be better- and cheaper,
and says the only" objection thereto is in the kind of
boxes- used and the delay in transit. This might be
worth investigating by our commercial bodies/
There is a proposition being, considered by the
State .Lunacy Commission to make all supplies for
the State hospitals by the inmates of those institu
tions.-/ While the State hospital is of course a neces
sary-institution, any effort ; toward making the same
self-supporting will be eagerly' welcomed by the tax
payers. The making of supplies to be consumed en
tirely by the makers thereof cannot be regarded as
conflicting in any way with outside labor.
Here's a pretty state of things. Here's a pretty
howdyedo. Any law in restraint of matrimony, is as
much against public policy as a merger in restraint,
of trade. Matrimony indeed is" the suprerife merger.
Without it society could hardly get along. Iy'is a
trust that even divorce courts never bust "without re
gret and lawyers never undertake to dissolve without
charging heavy fees. If the Sherman act itand in
the way of this long established merger and trust it
is high time to begin to think out remedies. ¦"
Our schools, colleges and universities Jiave just
graduated a large number of young, men' and young
women. The youthful and ardent host* will havt
nothing to do during the summer except look for
mates. In times past the search has been free from
all business complications. No'ryoung, man has had
to begin his suit by asking the summer girl of his
choice whether or no she owns railway stock.
Neither has any girl, ( when asked to answer yea or
nay, been compelled to ask foretime in which to*
consult a lawyer as-tothe legality of the proposed
merger of property. .The result is that the. American
youth is up against a difficulty of 'a new. kind and
has an undoubted right to kick.
• Perhaps the law authority of the Sun is wrong.
Perhaps the Supreme Court, if the issue ever comes
up, will find a means of so the Sherman
act as to,permit a man who owns stock in a railway
to marry a real nicegirl who owns, stock in a com
peting line. Until that construction has been given,
however, it will be well for young men . and women
to -be. careful. Perhaps the safest •way, will be Jor.
4
I MOST AUDACIOUS BOOK OF THE YEAR {
| -^ The Spenders j
¦ BY HAKRY LEON WILSON. £
© This clever and extremely down-to-date story — a daring study \
5 in contrast — the West against the East ¦
¦ ; ...begins in the- J
1 1 NEXT SUNDAY CALLi I
Sj The Only Paper in America Giving Its Subscribers ®
I ABSOLUTELY FREE [
J Any or All of That Wonderful Series of Colored Art Masterpiece* •
j BRYSON'S BEAUTIFUL WOMEN j
J Which Have Hade the Artist World Famous. This Is Because Bry- "
¦ son Personally' Superintends the Reproduction of All £
• His Pictures by the Costliest and Most Bemark- •
• «ble Color Process Ever Invented. This Is *
5 Also the Beasoa That Most of His ¦
¦ Pictures Are Known by Their %
Jl Cardinal Colors. e
| Beginning NEXT SUNDAY, July 12 1
¦ You Will Get the Whole Series of Six in Eapid Succession. The ¦
2 First Will Be • 8
f | LOVE'S CONFIDENCE")!
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
SCIENCE PREVENTS BALDNESS.
The Fatal Germ and Its Remedy Now
\ Facts of Science.
It Is the rarest thing in the world for
a man to be. necessarily bald. No man
whose hair is not dead at the roots need
be bald if he will use Newbro's Herpi-
cide, the new scalp antiseptic. Herpi-
cide destroys the germ that cuts the hair
off at the root, and cleans the scalp of
dandruff and leaves it In a perfectly
healthy condition. Mr. Mannett, in the
Maryland block. Butte, Mont., was en-
tirely bald. In less than a month Herpi-
cide had removed the enemies of hair
growth, and nature did its work by cov-
ering his head with thick hair an inch
long and ln six weeks he had a normal
suit of hair. Sold ¦ by leading druggists.
Send 10c in stamps for sample to The
Herpicide Co., Detroit. Mich.
CASTOR I A
Tor Infants and Children.
The Kind You Have Always Bought
Bears the SJ? _ y/fj+^l*.
Signature of *~*L&rrf£ J'G6&Ju/tfAugust Manns, the eminent musical
conductor, was asked by the London
..<'hr.onicle for some words from his pen
• 10 be added to a notice of his seventy
seventh birthday, and in answer the con
ductor sent the following musical litany:
."From ambitious singers with t-ad voices,
from fiddlers who play out of time, from
Watrner disciples? without talent, good
.Lord.. deliver me.' , .
The fireproof, suit of a French-Canadian
inventor consists of a smock of asbestos,
w!th gloves, cap and boots of the same
material. The asbestos mask is fitted
with a kind of respirator that enables the
wearer to breatho without inhaling dan
gerous vapors. In this costume a man
hns remained In a burning building, per
forming the /work of a fireman, without
injury or serious discomfort.
It was learned from another source that
Abbott cabled to England for money yes
terday afternoon, but whera he raised the
necessary funds with which to "meet his
irregularly incurred debts no one but his
friend geemcd'ablc to explain and the
latter wouldn't. In the , afternoon -the
apartments at the Palace which had been
closed against him - on the previous day
"A night or so after he arrived here Ab
bott visited an uptown resort and partook
freely of wine. Since then he has been
going the route at a maddening pace. Apr
parently he became impressed with the
idea that he had money enough to choke
up a smelter and proceeded to spend it
like a crazy king. This morning when he
awoke and was iianded a paper containing
the details of his misdoings he concluded
that he had had enough notoriety, for at
least a time, and promptly sent for me.
Since noon we have been around making
good the ind»4;U'Jrt€«r, Abbott had. In
curred and he is r.cw pretty „ well straight
ened out."
"Abbott has been In a delightful trance
ever since he arrived in San Francisco,"
explained his friend at the Palace Hotel
yesterday afternoon after he had handed
over to the cashier a bundle of bills in
payment of the Englishman's overdue ac
count and for the redemption of the
checks the latter had drawn upon the Ori
ental Bank of New York, which had re
turned them dishonored. .
Yesterday was a busy one for Fred G.
Abbott, the gay young English promoter,
whose promiscuous circulation of worth
less checks threatened to land him in
trouble of a serious character. Suddenly
realizing early yesterday that It was
about time that he should slacken his
wild pace, Abbott called into service a
friend who had accompanied him over
land from the East, and the pair set
about straightening out the financial en
tanglements Into which the first named
had got himself during the last three
weeks.
; poctec! to cross first, started ahead. At
the same moment the electric car pro
• 'reeded and crashed into the middle of the
• ""dummy."
• Mrs. Hennessy and her daughter saw
• yihf trolley car coming toward them and
to leap from their seat?, but they
were too late. They succeeded, however,
• # Sn moving apart and leaving space for the
"• trcrtley car's projecting bumper to smash
'', Into -the portion of the seat they had occu
pied. The "dummy" of the Larkin-street
, * car was thrown from the rails and ren
¦. dercd useless for a time.
There was some uncertainty on the part
">.f tha sripman and motoiman as to the
. light of way, and for half a minute each
p • appeared willing to awa'.t the action of
* tho other.
•. Gripman Otterback of the Larkin-street
• « <*ar, finally concluding that he was ex-
il^arkin and O'Farrell streets. The north
bound Larkin-street car reached the top
r{ the grade from Ellis and stepped to
permit a passenger to get off just as the
westbound electric car on O'Farrell street
.•jrrfved near the intersection of the tracks.
rtreet car shook thera up and frightened
• li&lt a hundred otner passengers. The
* "dummy" of the Larkin-street car was
wr/.-cked, but none of the passengers was
" Jnjured.
The accident occurred at the corner of
• - -
. . Mrs. H. Hennessy of 1jO3 Clay street and
. ; her fifteen-year-old daughter Aileen had
; a narrow escape from serious lnjury'whlle
.* ridlnjj on the "dummy" of a L<arkin
. Ftreet car at 1 o'clock yesterday after
•. A collision between the car on
• which they were riding and an O'Farrell-
The Merced Santa Fe route has placed
on sale a special campers' ticket, which
includes stcge fare, hotel bills en route
and accommodations in the valley at Camp
Curry. A five, seven or- ten days' trip
Five days. 537.50. Seven days, $41.50. Ten
days, $45.50. Make your stage reserva
tions in advance. All about it at C41 Mar
ket st., Yosemite desk, Santa Fc office. •
Yosemite Valley.
Redeems His Worthless
Paper and Pays Off
His Debts.
•*Mra R. Hennessy and
;' -Her Daughter Have
¦SB? •?- Narrow Escape.
It was stated by his friends that he has
plenty of backing in the East and that ho
belongs to a good family in Birmingham,
England. As to the worthless checks. It
is claimed that he passed them when his
mind was befuddled with wine, for which
it is said he has a remarkable capacity.
At any rate, Abbott has promised to be a
good fellow In the future, and his friend
who paid his bills yesterday has taken
upon himself the responsibility of seeing
that he does no further damage to his
reputation.
were reopened and the young promoter
hurriedly disappeared behind their doors
to seek a much-needed rest.
ABBOTT TAKES
UP HIS CHECKS
brance of the campaign of Samar, 1P01
ind 1202."
Mr. and Mrs. Simon are deeply grieved
Dvcr the occurrences, and only offer as a
solution to the mystery of the marriage
that McCue must have been demented or
that his life prior to his stay in the Phil
ippines has for some unknown reason be
:ome a blank.
ARMY OFFICER AND TOUNG
WOMAN HE CRUELLY DE
CEIVED.
Then came a Ions telegram of 800 words
from Miss Westcott, stating that the marriage
Mr. McCue became tremendously excited,
and. Jumping up. Bald, "It ia all a lie! I was
never married to any one but you, and you arc
my only true and lawful wife."
i On the train going tast he was devotion
j itself, and when we arrived at the Great North
ern Hotel in Chicago he immediately sent mes-
Kages to all his acquaintance*, a?kinK them to
call en me, and in each case thc-y responded,
and we were the recipients of many Rtten
tlons and invitations from his brother officers.
You can .imagine how terribly shocked I was
when the press representative called on us and
showed us the dispatch from Miss Ida West
oott. Mating that she had been married to ifr.
SIcCue four years ago.
fected and unlmpassioned manner, say
i ingr:
I hardly know exactly what to think about
Mr. McCue. From the moment we were mar
ried until I lert him in the hospital at Fort
Sheridan he was certainly everything a hus
band should be. While we were Ftaying ht-re
at the Palace Hotel v.-e sent out announce
ments to all his friends in the army, and
among others he requested me to addrers one
to IILes Ida Weptcott. in Cincinnati, who, he
paid, was a very great friend of his and whom
he wishpd to rr.eet us an we passed through
Cincinnati en our way East.
MAINTAINS NO SECRECY.
DEATH NEARLY
CLAIMS THEM
vrd|*jrr .BS. VIOLA BEATRICE SIMON
•• ':f\\/\\ McCUE, whose matrimonal ex
iAT \\ P crience nas been of sucn an
«-»¦ • ¦*-*¦ unusual and extraordinary char
acter, arrived here yesterday
•Vir.d'ip at the home of her father, S. L.
Simon. £721 Lag-una Ftreet.
.-.^Truth is said to be stranger than flc
• tion. and thl3 saying is certainly verified
:.Lv "the statements of this bride of three
•'Vookp. who does not know whether she is
. a.Tj-ife or not. Bpir.g introduced to Lieu
• .^orirant ilcCue by mutual friends at the
Occifloaial Hotel, after a week's acqualnt-
she became engaged to him, and
; as" h!£ orders called him to Fort Porter at
: once a hasty marriage was decided on,
. ajd on June 32 they were married by
Judge Lawron at the bride's home, .with
o ifti? full sanction and consent of her fam
, ily. Four days were spent at the Palace
' Hotel prior to their departure for Chi
cago, where the youthful bride's honey
moon was cut short by the astounding
announcement that the husband had been
m'arried previously and had another wife
• living.
Sirs. McCue No. 2, who is only Ju«t 18
years old, Js a most attractive and charm
ing girl, and looks even younger than she
fs. Possessing as she does a delightful per
sonality, accompanied by a great charm
i,pt nfanner, it Is quite easy to see how the
youryj lieutenant fell In. love with her.
Y*?£terday afternoon, surrounded by all
the members of 'her family, she told the
• strange story in a quiet, simple, unaf-
The numerous sufferers from Injuries
sustained through fireworks and the reck
less use of firearms on July 4 were In
most Instances progressing favorably yes
terday. The Injuries In each case were
painful, however, and in some instances
it will be many days before the wounded
are convalescent.
Gustave Kuhne, who was seriously In
jured while trying to load his revolver
at his residence, 145 Natoma street, is still
lying at the German Hospital in a serious
condition. The surgeons have tried to
find the bullet, which entered his abdo
men, but without avail.
The dangerous use of revolvers on the
public Btreets on the Fourth was more in
practice than on any former, occasion, and
while a number of the lawbreakers were
arrested there were many more who dis
charged firearms without molestation. In
one instance two bullets were . fired
through the plate glass door of Sullivan's
shoe store, in the Pioneer building. An
ugly looking spent bullet was picked up
yesterday morning on O'Farrell street,
near Franklin, in which vicinity a good
deal of the pistol firing was indulged In.
LAWBREAKERS ARRESTED.
There were fifteen arrests for discharg
ing firearms within the city limits, seven
for malicious mischief, six for disturbing
the peace, two for building bonfires with
out a permit and one for carrying a con
cealed weapon. _.f
Besides the victims of fireworks and
pistol' accidents treafed on Saturday, the
Emergency Hospital and the City and
County Hospital surgeons had a few
cases to attend to yesterday, the sufferers
being boys who had been anxious to con
tinue the celebration one more day.
Frank Meehan, aged 11 years, residing
at 10'VicIisburg street, was badly burned
about the hands and face in trying to
send a roman candle" skyward. He was
treated by Dr. McElroy at the City and
County Hospital. ,
William Ilaack, aged 9 years, got his
left hand burned by the discharge of a
toy pistol, the wad of which lodged in
the palm. He paid no attention to tho
wound until yesterday, when it com
menced to give him trouble. An examlna.
tion of the wound convinced Dr. McElroy
that blood poisoning might set in, and
possibly lockjaw, consequently William
was placed in a ward in the City and
County Hospital for observation and
treatment.
MAY LOSE HIS SIGHT.
Oscar Herbst, aged 9 years, was treated
at the same hospital for serious burns
on the face and hands, both his eyes be
ing injured. The unfortunate boy Is In
dnager of losing his sight.
Harry Rice had some burned powder re
moved from his left hand at the Park
Emergency Hospital by Dr. Armisted.
Rice is a visitor from Sacramento, and
while experimenting at the corner ot
Buchanan and Fell streets he sent the
contents of a bulletless cartridge through
the palm of his left hand.
Charles Nelson received treatment at
the same hospital for a slight burn on the
left hand produced by the discharge of a
toy pistol.
Anticipating from past experience a full
crop of accidents on the Fourth, Chief
Surgeon Edwin Bunnell of the Central
Emergency Hospital pressed an extra
ambulance into service, together with two
extra surgeons' and two extra hospital
stewards. Though the number of injured
did not quite equal those of last year,
nevertheless Dr. Bunnell found his aug
mented surgical staff just able, with the
regular medical attendants, to treat all
the cases brought to the hospital.
WEARY OF WEARING
GOOD CLOTHES
"When Dr. II. J. Davenport, professor of
political economy in the "Univorsity j of
Chicago, makes the statement that people
do not wear beautiful clothes because
they are beautiful or artistic, but simply
for the sake of making ostentatious dis
play, he Is, of course, talking nonsense.
The professor did not stop at condemna
tion of the people who wear beautiful
clothes, but went on to denounce those
who ride in highly colored automobiles,
the Salvation Army on account of its
uniform and everything in. the nature of
what he calls display.
The average citizen knows enough to
discriminate between those who seek dis
play for the sake of display and those
who have a real liking or love for every
thing that is graceful, tasteful and artis
tic. The arerage citizen knows well how
to differentiate between the gentleman
and the dandy, the lady and the snob, the
refined and the vulgar. And the average
citizen is not at a loss to distinguish at
a glance the college professor who talks
for the sake of calling attention to him
self from the college professor who talks
because he has something to say.
A love for the beautiful is Inherent in
mankind and womankind. The vast ma
jority of people are fond of beautiful
things and like to be surrounded with
beautiful things, whether they number
beautiful things among their possessions
or not. It would be as reasonable to say
that people keep themselves clear and
neat for the sake of making ostentatious
display as to say that they dress in the
be?t they can command for that reason.
. That there is, always has been and al
ways will be vanity in this world nobody
will deny, but it is far from being the
truth that people In general wear nice
clothes, buy handsome furniture or sur
round themselves with beautiful and ar
tistic things from sheer vanity. Professor
Davenport forgets that there is such~a
thing as the esthetic sense and that in
proportion as it Is developed In men and
women do we find them to be advanced
in all the ideals that make for the highest
intelligence and! culture. . . . ;
The sword and belt referred to by the
young woman are of the finest design,
and on the hilt of the weapon is engraved,
"Presented to First Lieutenant William
K. McCue, First Infantry, by the men of
Company M, First Infantry, In remem-
From hearsay I believe Miss We6tcott thinks
he is crazy, and I understand that she said
she wished him placed in an asylum. If he is
married to her I am sure ha has forgotten It
and that that portion of his life is a Jrtank.
Lieutenant Beecher tcld mo that Miss West
cott had grone to Cuba with Mr. McCue and
that he had understood they were married, but
that he could not vouch for the truth of the
statement. When Mr. McCue was in Manila
he was struck two heavy blows on the head
with a bolo and was very ill with typhoid
fever. Possibly . this may account for his ac
tions. His brain is undoubtedly affected, nnd
if he is not insane now he ia very near it.
As I left the room he called out, "Believe
in me, little one. You are my wife and I have
no other."
THINKS McCTJE DEMENTED.
When my father wired me to come home I
went out to Fort Sheridan, where I was most
kindly treated by Colonel McCaj=key, the com
mander of the post. I was escorted to the
hospital by the colonel and four sentries stood
Kuard near by, as they were afraid Mr. Mc-
Cue might become viclont and try to harm me.
On the contrary, he was gentleness Itself, and
when I told him I was going back to San
Francisco he burst into tears and entreated
me to stay. He was very weak and sick, but
kept reiterating that he had never been mar
ried to Miss Westeott. and said, referring to
her. that "Hell hath no fury like a woman
scorned." lie gave me all his pay accounts and
pressnted me with a beautiful sword and belt
which were civen to him by the men in his
company while he was in the Philippines..
When Mr. McCue returned anfl did not fln<]
me he was almost beside himself with excite
ment and went to every hotel in the city look
ing for me. In the meantime General Chaffee
had been advised 'of affairs and he had Mc-
Cue arrested and taken out to Fort Sheridan,
where he became very ill and was confined to
his bed.
ceremony had been performed in St. Paul's
Church, and this was followed by another tele
gram purporting to come from the priest who
had solemnized the wedding. When this last
telegram came Mr. McCue was out with tome
friends, and I at once communicated by In
formation to the proprietor of the hotel, who
placed mo in the charge of a Miss Bennett, who
was residing there.
Lawless Use of Revolvers Is
Dangerously on the
Increase.
Girl Who Wedded Army Officer After Acquaintance of Week, and Was Sub-
I sequently Told He Already Had a Wife, Recrosses Continent to Her
Parents and Says if Man She Married Is Not Insane He Is Becoming So
Victims of the Fourth of
July Fireworks and
Pistols Better.
SUFFERERS SHOW
AN IMPROVEMENT
MRS. SIMON-M'CUE RETURNS HOME,
LEAVING LIEUTENANT IN HOSPITAL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MON DA Y v JULY 6, .1903.
5
TO-NIGHT AND EVERY EVENING THIS
.',-V-WEEK- MATINEE SATURDAY.
By Universal Request, the Greatest of Comic
Operas,
With EDWIN STEVENS in the Title Role and
the Former Splendid Cast..
YOU CANT AFFORD TO MISS
1U Frotty Music.
The Continuous Comsdy.
The' Beautiful Scenery and Co3tumes-
LOOK OUT FOR
"THE HIGHWAYMAN"
POPULAR PRICES 25c. 30c and 75c
Telephone Bush 9. ~,'
¦ Proprietor*.
Market St., near Eighth. Phone South 533.
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
The Universal Favorite.
JAMES CORRIGAN
In the Great Sensational Melodrama.
KIDNAPED
epp The leap for life from Brooklyn Bridge.
•DLL The thrtlllne conflagration scene.
PPIfEQ Evenings 7. 10c to «Vs
I A1VCJ Matinees 10c. 15c. 25c
Monday. July 13— JAMES CORRIGAN In
"MULDOON'S PICNIC."
MABEL McKINLEY, !
Favorite Niece of the Late President
McKinley; Charles Dickson and
Company; The Great Harbecks;
Mosher, Houghton and Mosher;
Young and De Voie; Barney Fagan
and Henrietta Byron; Julian Rose;
The Wang 1 Doodle Comedy Four
and the Biograph.
Reserved S«»at9. 25c; Balcony. 10c; Box Seats
and Opera Chaire. £0c.
Seventh and Market Sts.
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
POLITE VAUDEVILLE.
Krafft and Daley; Harry and George
La Kola; George "W. Moore; George
Clifton; Loa Durbyelle; Meriam
George; The Comedy Three; Clin-
ton Montgomery and the Sioscope.
PRICES — Night. 25c, 2Cc, 15c. 10c; Matinees,
20c and 10c.
Phone for Scats— South 1022.
ICALIFORS^BA"
TO-NIGHT.
To-morrow Night. Saturday Matinee.
America's Greatest Tragedienne.
MISS i
NANCE O'NEIL
...MAG DA...
Wednesday " Night— "QUEEN ELIZA-
BETH"; Thursday Night — "HEDDA GAB-
LER"; Friday. Faturday and Sunday
Nights— "THE JEWESS."
Next— MISS O'NEIL in "ROMEO AND
JULIET." /.
Coming— Neill-Morcsco Company.
— _ «j. «k at rp»* UPPP /%.
ONLY MATINEE SATTJBDAT.
"FULL OF FUN FOSt THE AUDlEiNCGS"
—CALL.
SECOND WEEK.
TO-NIGHT— EVERY NIGHT
EATMOND AXTD CAVEBLY
And Our Superb Eastern Company In the Fascl-
nating Musical Eccentricity.
I In Central j
Park 8
POPULAR PRICES.. 25c. 50g and T5c
"Twirly Whlrly's" last week; it has furnished
much fun, ;
But soinethlns more's coming that will have a
Ions run.
There's a (treat big bill — Bernard, Blake, Kolb
and Dill.
AndJSonny Maude Amber, who with "song will
¦' all thrill.
WATCH
F"OR
IT!
Next Monday Night— "UNDER THE RED
GLOBE."
RESERVED SEATS — Nights. 25c. 50c and
75c; Saturday and Sunday Matinees. 25c and
60c; Children at Matinees, 10c and 25c
SEATS NOW ON SALE.-.
AT t*\ A T A Ti Belaseo & Mayer,
ALCAZAR E D^ice.
Bub. Mgr.
TO-NIGHT— THIS WEEK ONLY.
The Eminent Actor,
Mr. White Whfttlesey,
In the Brilliant- English Military Drama,
BROTHER OFFICERS
One of the Great New York Successes.
Superb Costumei! Magnificent Scenery!
DDirEC EVENINGS 23c to 75c
I ttlCC J MATS.. Thurs. and Sat... 10c to 50c
MONDAY. JULY 13.
* ¦ MR WHITE WHITTLESEY
. — IN—
"THE PRISONER OF ZENDA."
THE1UTZ BROTHERS and ~
High-Class Specialties Every Afternoon
% : and Evening in the Theater.
SEE THE BOHEMIAN GL.^SSBLOWER.
Inspect "CABARET DE LA MORT."
' " VISIT THE— — •; •
Pound' and One=HaIf Baby
\ AND HIS COMPANIONS
IN THE INFANT INCUBATORS
BABY SEA LION. RECENTLY BORN AT
THE CHUTES NOW ON 'EXHIBITION.
AMATEUR NIGHT THURSDAY.
: ADMISSION. 10c: CHILDREN. 5c.
Kit* 'X'land »na TtUilo Steaaari.
Steamer GEN. FRISBIE- or MCNTICELLO
—-8:45 a. m.. 3:15 and 8:30 p. m.. ex. Sunday.
Sunday. 9:43 a. m., 8:30 p. m. Leaves Vallejo,
7 «u m.;" 12:SO noon, 6 p. m./ ex. Sunday. Sun-
day. 7 a. m.. 4:15 p." m. Fare, CO cents. - Tel-.
Main. 1508. Pier 2. ilission-st. dock. HATCH
BROS. .
§ TO THE FXJBT-jIO! I
§ Commencing- July 4th 'and until further notice the rate §
p. for gas to our consumers in thp City and County of San «
j^> Francisco will be Qne ($1.00) Dollar per 1000 Cubic feet, uh- 8
less a lower rate is provided by contract. »
S Until further notice, rates as provided as per. Municipal 8
§ Ordinance will be charged for electric current, unless a spe- W
j& cial rate is provided by contract. Special rates and contracts &
a will be furnished on application. . - g
I INDEPENDENT CAS &. POWER COIVIPAMY; I
§ /A;. M. HUNT, Gen'l. Managers -g
S INDEPENDENT ELECTRIC LIGHT &. POWER COMPANY, §
S • :. A. M." HUNT, Gen'LManagcr. g
I * SAN FRANCJSCO CAS Si ELECTRIC COMPANY, &
§ f ': .ALDAN POLLOK, Manager. S
1 V PACIFIC CAS IMPROVEMENT COMPANY, v - r |
S C:O. G. MILLER; President. g
g EQUITABLE GAS LMSHT COMPANY. |
- AMTTSEMENT8.
CuLUmJiS I* mmmret
s£cosn> wesx or succsss.
AMELIA BINGHAM
And Her Company.
LAST SIX NIGHTS— MATINEE SATCRDAT.
Clyde Fitch's Brilliant Flay.
"THE CLIMBERS"
A Production Evoking: Great Enthusiasm and
Praise.
XTEXT BZOJTDAT, Tint Time Stx; .
AMELIA BINGHAM
Will Appear in HadSon Chambers' Powerful
Play.
= A MODERN =
= MAGDALEN ==
Seats for Next Week Ready Thursday.
STATEMENT
OF THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE—
uUiiSiLullUUI
(i FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HARTFORD IN THE STATE OP COJC-
nectlcut. on the 31st day of December*
A. D. 1002. and for the year endlntr oa tbat
day. as made by the Insurance Commission*?
of the State of California, pursuant to th« pro-
vision* of sections 610 and 611 of the Political
Code, condensed as per blank furnishes bj)
the Commissioner.
CAPITAIa. :
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
tn Cash Jl.OOO.OCO C«
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company.. $143,950 C9
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.. 1. 343.050 0O
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company.. 2.720,599 M
Cash in Company's Office - 263 04
Cash In Bank 281.9C0 SS
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion ' 234.812 03
BUla receivable, not Matured.
taken for Fir a and Marine lUsks 4.454 M
Total Assets (4.734.791 83
LIABILITIES. — — — —
Losses adjusted and unpaid $33,381 39
Losses In Process of Adjustment
or in Suspense • 145,028 «8
Losses resisted including expense* 29,380 43
Cross premiums on Fire Risks.
running one year or l?ss. 51. 717.-
022 01; re-insurance 5O per cent. S59.311 04
Gross premiuTT.s on Fire Risks.
running ciord than one year. f
t'^tiSOJM S3: re-insurance pro
Jata . 1.442.674 «t
Total Liabilities <^532.13g Ot
IXCOMB.
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums .$2,693,204 2S
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages . 62.060 2«
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds Stocks. Loans, and
from all other source3 103.00. 35
Received for Kents •••••• 5.874 CO
Received for profit on Sal© of Led-
Sir Assets 9.9*6 01
Total Income $2,873,093 50
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Leases
flncludin* $S34 847 73. losse. of
previous years) $1,411,630 63
Dividends to Stockholders 100.000 CO
Paid or allowed for Commission or
BrofceraBe t'"£" MZ - C2 ° 1*
Paid for Salaries. Fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc. 1.4.435 43
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes • • * 8J.91Q 73
All other payments and expendl- _^
turea 177.562 00
Total Expenditures $2.505.559 CO
/ Flr».
Looses Incurred during the year...$1.3t3.557 SO
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
Sr tC . n .^f"..!^ 52*3.557.002 $0,212,820 33
Net amount of Risks
; X eE r d 2.66XM4 63
3C0.S32.2.6 4.397.416 63
J. D BROWNE. Prest.
CHARLES R. BURT. Secy.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 34
day of January. WJ^ q raACHER> .
Notary PubUOL "
J
BENJAMIN J. SMITH,
Manager Pacific Department.
COLIN M. BOYD,
Agent for San Francisco,
411 California St. *
CCEAU TRAVEL. '^"'l
e Steamers leave San Fran*
dsco as follows:
For Ketchlkan. Jtraaao.
Ska g way. etc.. Alaska— 11 a.
m.. July B. 10. 15, 20. 23*
20. August 4. Chanjs to
company's steamers at Seat*
For Victoria. Vancouver,
Port Townsend. Seattle. Ta-
coma. Everett. Whatcom — 11 a. m.. July S«
10. 15. 20. 25. 30. August 4. Chance at Seattle
to this company's steamers for Alaska and O.
N. Ry.: at Seattle for Tacoraa to N. P. Ry.3
at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— Pomona, 1:30
p. m.. July 3. 9. 15. 21. 27. AuKU3t-2; Corcna*
1:30 p m.. July 6. 12. IS. 24. 30. AOgust B.
For "l-os Angeles (via Port kos Anseles an<*
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara^-
Santa Rcsa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles (v!a San Pedroand Eaat
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Cnw. Mon-
terey, San Simeon. Cayueos. Port Harford (3*3
Luis Obispo). Ventura and Hueneme.
Cocs Bay. D a. m.. July 8. 16. 2«. August V.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia. Quay-
mas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th of each month.
For further Information obtain folder.
Right la reserved to change steamers or sail*
lE^7CV-fcT OTFTCES— « Nsw Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel). 10 Market street and
Broadway wharf.
Freight Office. 10 Market street. .
C D DUNANN. General Passenger Agent.
" 10 Market st.. San Franelscdi.
o. n. & jv. co.
"Columbia" eails June 22. July 2. 12. 23.
"George W. Elder" falls June 27. July 7. 17 4
•>7 Only steamship line to PORTLAND. OR.,
on'd Bhort rail line from Portland to all points
East. Through tickets to all polntsTall rail o?
steamship and rail, at LOWEST RATES.
Steamer tickets Include berth and meaU.
Steamer »all3 foot of Spear st. at 11 a. m. 9.
F BOOTH. Gen. Agt. Pass. Dept.. 1 Montgom"
ery st.: C. CLIFFORD. Gen. Ast. Frt. Dept., a
Montgomery st.
TOYO RISEN KAISHA,
i - (ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.>
Steamers will leave wharf, corner First «n<S
: Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.. for YOKOHAMA,
I and HONGKONG, calling at Kobe (Hlogo).
Nagasaki and Shanghai, and connecting . at
llongkors with steamers for India, etc. . No
careo received on board on uay of sailing.
S S. HONGKONG MARU .....:
Tuesday. July 7. 1303
S S NIPPON MARU Friday. July 31. 1003
S S. AMERICA MARU ".
; . .-. .Wednesday. August 26. liori
Via Honolulu. Round-trip tickets at reduced
rates. For freight and passage, apply at Com-
pany's office. 421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERY. General Agent.
oceanics.s.co,siil
SS MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. July 10, II a. tn.'
SS! SONOMA, for Honolulu, ramoa. Auckland
and Sydney Thursday. July 1«. 2 p. in.
SS ALAMEDA, for Honolulu. Juiy 25. 11 a. n.
<J.S?SEMEIS4 8Z3S.C3., «gts..Mjja. i aa.M3 BzrWA
Friiai»3Sii.328 DartstSL.ris/Ia. 7. tiiUll
CCUPASmS 6EaEBAL5 TSA2r3ATI.A5TI372
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. -uJ.J'
tiailing every Thursday, lnstea.l ot ««.<ja*»
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. trcm Pier 42. »«**«*»
North River, foot of Mprton street.
Klrst-class to Havre. J70 and upward. Seo-
ord-class to Havre. $45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CAN \DA. S'-i Broadway (Hudson building).
New York. J. F. FUGAZI A CO.. Paclflc Coast
Agents & Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets' sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
ADVEBTISEMENTS. .
A Wonderfal ; Medicine.
ESJl dt^^ 4t^k B^^ J^Bt 8M5h4Bh *• m l-\
BaW? Hjj BlB ff^ wTn *ff4 HTflTm K^
• VIC AH*
Bilious and
Nervous Disorders
Sick Headache, Constipation,
Wind and Pains in Stomach,
Impaired Digestion.
Disordered Liver and Female
Ailments.
ntZMBXD OJfLT BY THK PBOPBISTOB,
Thomas Beecham, St Helens, Eng. I
Sold by an Druggist* In United States.
Ia boxes, 10c. and 25c
j- retary §
K ? Would thoroughly appreciate such §
» a desk as the one here shown. It ?
;| Is wonderfullr complete, contain- £
I .lngr all the various filing compart- 3
>J / men ts which a man of business i :
S / could desire. The mechanical con- ''¦
(j "traction of the ehlftlne apparatus 'j
tj Is .exceptionally strong and well v
.'; balanced. ;:
3 In appearance also this desk %
'I stands apart from the rank and f.
p file. Ask to see No. 4534. Its cost, '•;
: $81.00 '
£ Is exceedingly reasonable. Thor- J
; oughly guaranteed to plve the !i
¥ splendid service characteristic ot H
$ "Y and E" goods. »
$ Yawman k Ert» Mff. Co. <1
{ 635-639 UlHlon St. ?
$ Phone Main 1700. £
-4
,.^^^£2L33S£JIZ!x£ "AUK
Fresh milk is good ; fresh milk
and Mellin's Food is better.
Try it with your baby.
Whether vou nurse your baby or use Mel-
lin'a Food you will find our book, " The
Care and Feeding: of Infants,'* very useful.
Simply write for it. It will be sent free.
J4ELLIN-S FOOD CO., BOSTON. MASS.
PflfoV* I DONT PAILT0
1 CUaWG see the beautiful
j COURT Lounjting-
flfm room, the EMPIRE
ttIIU PARLOR, the
r t PALM /ROOM, the
lirflfifl LOUIS XV PAR-
? UiaUU , LOR and the LA-
U j | DIES' WRITING
I Hotels room-:
For Sorct. ¦ nnrn», Srtldl, /
Ulcer*. Klngworm, Tetter, A+. V/l E$
ErTSipelan, Scald Head, X if a B
Itch, lMmplm. Blotches, JL f H ¦
Inflamed Kj-elid*. Itch- j£ >^ 75^~B R
»n« Piles, and all Skla >r\ >. I H
Eruptions— use . \ TW^^T * I Ed
HEISKELL'S I
Ointment 1
They all yield to Its magical influ-nrp. Hat be M
the alrected part.umnif Untkrll't Soap, night t§
and momlr.g, apply Jieiikell's Ointrarnt, and K
care follows in a few days. A tall druggist! 6o& E
Send for free book of testimonial*. 9
JOHNSTON, HOLLOWAY A CO. fl
. . 681 Cwtrw gt.. Philadelphia. Jf
EVEROLAOflRRANTB)
f DR.PIERCE5
GOLDEN
. .,. ., ¦ MEDICAL
DISCOVER?
¦': FOR THE .. :
1 BLOOP,UVER.LtJMGS.
v\^sl^^ WeaK
d^^^Kiv^vyiiA /(vSEa C»n ob!iin itrf a«th »nd vi«nr
Jk/\\ f I V " '/i^fibT tlio «?e of DR. PIIlRCK'3
MW[».IiV - ¦¦HBTTO'^r RLKCTTllC BELT." A Vca-
derfnl Re*t«»tiTe, Tfc» most
. 7TOfEfcgr»*!Pl *<VH v Bolmtiae Sl«nric»l Appliance
u&. -¦'-.--¦:*> ' . Nerce Electric CoJ33Wert24th
Btreet?N«wYorkor206P°it St.San Fr*ndsco, CaL
y^MsJ MENANDWOMErf,
*5j^BrT V USaSBi Cie Big « for unnatural
JEWlm lUi <an^B dUchargeg.inflanimationi,
SBW GsaraaMrt V irritations or ulcaratloci
mm* b«« tt itrieture. ™ of mucoui membranei.
1» <M Fri>«*ata Cntt«b«. Palniait, and not utrln-
RSlTHlElfHSCHEMWAlCa. sent or poi.onons.
l«iA. OIHCIHMATI.O.HB I *ol« by DrngxUt*,
V. B. A. JSP °* ¦*° t ia P laln T»PP*'»
JD^- br •xprerni. prepaid, for
V^MmPQPH tl.CO. or 3 bottlei (3.75.
'^BW» ¦ ClrcuUr test on re^uut.SANTA * CRUZ, July 5. — Bishop Conaty
preached to a large congregation at the Catho
lic Church this morning. This evening he
preached in Watsonvllle. j»
DENVER, July S.— Erncat F.- Mohler,
second baseman of the Denver baseball'
team, was released to-day ami has been
engaged by Parke Wilson to loin the
Seattle club of the Pacific Coast League
Denver Team Releases Mohler.
Open stake: Fourth round — Young Fearless
beat Lady Chiqulta. 4-2; , Lily Wright beat
Golden Garter. ? 10-0; Lulu Girl • beat . Sllevena
mon,. 15-13; ¦ Old Ironsides beat Prometheus,
' Fifth round— Lily Wr!ght beat Young Fear
less, 7-5; Lulu Girl-beat Old Ironsides, 28-4. •
Deciding course — Lily Wright beat Lulu Girl
6-4. ~ ; €fcaHMHBnflH!HttgtiHSMftB& > -
Seventy entries have been received for
the shuffleboard tournament, which will
be commenced at : 10 o'clock to-night at
Corbett's. Among the crack players en
tered are Leo Nolan, Frank, McQuade,
Colonel Martin Brady, Jim Corbett, John
Mc.Kenzie and . others. - The prizes con
sist of a silver cup and three medals.
- Deciding course — Flora Belle ' beat Mount
Rose. 11-5. ...
Shuf fleboard Tournament.
LOS ANGELES. July C— James F. Mor
ley, manager of the Los Angeles baseball
team, left for the East to-night. It is ru
mored Morley's mission Is to sign a hard
hitting, second baseman in order that
Wheeler may take his. turn in the pitch
er's box. Manager Thomas J. McCarey'of,
the ¦.Century, 'Athletic Club accompanied
Morley. ' :
Motley in Search of Talent.
With a strong hare to follow in the de
ciding course Flora Belle easily outpointed
Mount Rose and annexed the stake.
Golden Rule fooled the talent by taking
the flag from Semp'ronius, a 1 to 4 favor
ite. Royal Friend looked to have a good
chance to contend for top honors, but fell
a victim to hard coursing.
Judge Creamer's campaigner Lily
Wright raised the final flag in the open
stake, beating Golden Garter, Young
Fearless and Lulu Girl in turn.
Following are the day's results, with
Judge, Thomas Tierney's official scores:
Classified stake: First round— Golden Rule
beat BriglJt Fortune. 11-2; Liberator beat Aggie
W 7-3- Uambit beat Otto. 5-3; Sempronius beat
Ch'arta." 7-5; Belfast beat Ruby Sanky, 10-.;
Vandal b«at Conroy. 0-1 ; Cascade beat Pure
rvarl 6-i- Master Kocket beat Bonnie Hughle.
»-4- R0y.1l Friend beat White Hat, 28-3; Red
Pepper l*at Prompto. 3-0; Yellowtall beat
lack Short 3-0; Reno beat Fenll, 4-1; Glaucus
beat intiVder, 8-0; Flora Belle beat Wedge
wood 4-0; Tralee Boy beat Lottie W, 7-4; Til
lie R beat Santonin, 7-1; Renegade Apache, a
bye: Homer Boy beat Don Pedro, 0-5; Modest
Beauty ""a bye; Mount Rose beat Miss Brum
mell H-0; McHenry beat Sofala, 5-0; Silver
Cloud beat Yukon. 0-0; Cloverdale beat-Tobasco
Bob, 0-0; Valid beat Rural Artist. 11-6; Hap
hazard twat General Pewet, 3-2; Sliver Heels
beat Sylrtn, C-5; Presidio Boy beat Toronto,
8-4; Wattles beat Glancing Pasha. 11-2.
Second round — Golden Rule beat Liberator.
9-6: Belfnst beat Gambit. 2-0: Sempronius beat
Vandal, 10-7; Cascade beat Master Rocket, 8-0;
Royal Friend beat Red Pepper,; 11-7; Reno
beat Ycllwwtall. 0-1; Flora BeUe beat Glaucus,
5-0: Tillio R beat Tralee Boy. 4-0; Homer Boy
beat . Ren«gade Apache, 5-0; Mount Rose beat
Mountain Beauty, 4-2; Silver Cloud beat : Mc-
Henry/-5-0; Cloverdale ¦ beat Valid, 0-4; Silver
Heels , bent Haphazard, 5-2; Presidio . Boy beat
Wattles. 8-1.
Third round— Golden 'Rule beat Semprpntus,
7-4: Belfrct brat Cascade. 8-6; Reno beat Roy
al Friend. 0-0; Flora Belle beat Tlllie R, 6-0;
Mount Itaee beat Homer Boy, " 3-2; Cloverdale
beat Silver Cloud, 4-3; Presidio Boy beat Silver
Heela. 8-7.
Fourth round — Belfast beat Golden Rule, 8-6;
Flora Belle beat Reno, 6-0: Mount -Rose beat
Cloverdaln, 6-4; Presidio Boy. a bye. ..
Fifth round — Flora Belle beat Belfast 4-0-
Mount Rose beat Presidio Boy, 8-2.
In her first trial Flora Belle romped
away from the once champion Wedge
wood and ended the trial without allowing
him a point. Then against Glaucus, Tlllie
R, Reno and Belfast she repeated the per
formance and reached the final with a
clean score.
J. Regan's clever greyhound Flora Belle
won first honors in the classified event
yesterday at Ingleside Coursing Park in
a manner that proved her a courser of
the right sort.
The directors of the Golden Gate Tennis
Club will appoint a committee Thursday
night to wait upon the Park Commission
ers for the purpose of inducing them to
lay out more asphalt courts. The Idea is
to have the courts on the raised ground
in front of the clubhouse of bitumen.
This is an ideal spot for exhibition courts
and could be used as well for practice.
Commissioner Lloyd, who does so much
for the park, players, favors the plan and
there is little doubt but it will, be
carried out.
TJ»e drawing; for the handicap doubles
tournament to be played on the park
courts Sunday will be held Thursday
night,-when the entry list will close.
The most interesting singles match was
that between George Janes and E. P. Fin
negan. Janes was a trifle too strong for
his opponent and took two close sets. The
following matches were played:
' Charles Dunlap and George. Baker beat C.
Foley and S. C. Gayness, 10-8, 7-5; J. R. Wll
gus beat W. A. Wilgus, 0-2; Mr. and Mrs. J.
S. Lewis beat Mr. and Mrs. J. P. Smtth 6-4
U-3; \V. A. Wilgus beat Stanley Routh, 7-5;
H. E. Routh and Dunlap beat George Janes
and Clarence Griffin, 7-5, 2-6, 7-0; Lewis and
Uomph beat Leramon and . Howell. tt-4. 8-6;
J. F. Brady and Gayness beat Roberts and C.
C. Sayre, 0-1, 0-2, 0-4; Roberts and Sayre beat
Johnson and Fuller, 0-2, 4-0, 0-0: George Bates
and Charles Teller beat C. . Foley and Ed
Twiggs, 6-2/ 4-0. 11-9; Teller and Guerin tied
Baker and Routh, 6-3, 4-6; Janes beat Finne
gnn, C-4, 7-5. . <
A fast and exciting doubles was played
on the public courts. The opposing teams
were: Charles Dunlap and George Baker
and C. Foley and Stewart Gayness. The
former team, although considered much
stronger than its opponents, had great
difficulty in winning. The score was 10-8,
7-5.
Another high class match was that in
which Harry Routh and Charles Dunlap
took the measure of Clarence Griffin and
George Janes, the pony team. Young
Griffin is making rapid strides and if he
continues to improve will shortly go into
the first class.
Most of the crack tennis players who
participated in the championship tourna
ment at San Rafael rested yesterday after
the strenuous week's work. The park
courts were as much in demand as usual,
but affairs were not lively on the Califor
nia courts.
Clever Courser Annexes
Classified Event at
Ingleside.
Exciting Week on San
Rafael Courts Is
Fatiguing.
TENNIS CRACKS
ENJOY A REST
Chicago 1 0 7
New York 7 9 1
Eatteries— Taylor and Kllng; McGInnlty and
Bresnahan. . Umpire — O'Day.
CINCINNATI. July 5.— Cincinnati was de
feated to-day by Brooklyn In a slufrglng match.
Although the Cinclnnatls outhlt Brooklyn, the
hits were not as timely as the Brooklyns'. Sud
hoft and Garvin, who started In to pitch for
each team, were knocked out of the box and
their successors did not fare much better. At
tendance. 8000. Score:
R. ,H. E.
Cincinnati ...12 1» 2
Brooklyn 16 17 3
Batteries — Sudhoff. Harper and Berjren; Gar
vin. Schmidt and Rlttcr. Umplres^ — Moran and
Holliday.
ST. LOUIS, July 5.— The Bostons won to
day's game from the St. Louis team by a score
of 0 to 5, making It two of the series. The
game was poorly played, practically feature
less, save Moron's hitting and Donovan's field
ing. McFarland was hit hard, while Malarkey
was' quite. effective. Attendance, 7000. Score:
-'. R. • H. E.
St. Louis . . . . .' 5 10 4
Boston 8 H 4
Batterles-r-McFarlana and Nichols; Malarkey
and Moran. ' Umpire — Emslie.
CHICAGO, July 5. — Chicago gave the crip
pled New York team the game to-day by dumb
playing and numerous errors. The, game was
stopped several times to allow Injured players
to recover. Brcsnahan was called into the
game from the grand stand and Chicago pro
tested, but the same was allowed to proceed
in order not to disappoint the big crowd. Th«
protest was made under rule 27. section 1,
which requires all players, including substi
tutes who are to take part In the game to be
on the field In uniform at the beginning of the
game.
The condition of the protest is said to be
unique in the history of national championship
playing. Hart of the Chicago management
said the game probably will be ordered to be
played over again rather than allow It to be
given to Chicago. Attendance, 12,000. Score:
R. H. E.
Objects to Player Being Called Into
the Field From the Grand
Stand.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
CHICAGO PROTESTS
GAME WON BY NEW YORK
¦ • ¦ i
FAIR GOLFER WHO FINISHED S ECOND AT BURLINGAME COUNTRY
CLUB LINKS ON INDEPENDENCE DAY IN THE FIFTH ANNUAL, '
COMPETITION FOR THE PONIATOWSKI CHALLENGE TROPHY. I
SELMAB, ENTRIES.
PT. LOriP. July 5.— Delmar'a entries for
Monday are:
First rare, five furlongs, p\irn- — Rebo 109
Har.d?etr 112. Caryota 109, Pinky B 109, Wig
wam 112, Ingolthrift 112. Two fatep 109. Mr*.
Malaprop 10». Peach Juice 112. Turrando 112
Falcon's Pearl 109. Moulin Rouce 109.
Second race, eix and a half furlongs, selling
— Margie S 1«2. Kentucky Muddle 102, Barney
Kurk* 104. Aransas 104. Burlap »5 Macbeth
104. George Fabb 104. ' ¦ MacDein
Third race, five and a half furlongs. Rolling
—Venom U», Enigma 09. Bessie Kirby 05 r&
nose* 'M, Oro McKinney 9», Bush Hmlth Jw,
The Farrier 102, Jollier 97, Kdna Daniels U°
Ath*na 103. Benton 103, Don O'HIgh 100 ~*
Fourth race, elx furlongs, handicap— Seornio
115. Malster 104. Bridge *M. Frank Beilll2. Hi.
it*e 310.
Fifth race, cne mile, purse — Broodier 98 Pro
feseor Neville »S, Josie F »6. Prosper "la GjI
J03. Croix d'Or 103, Echo Dale 1M. Golden
Glitter ML Mynheer 100. Baronet 100 Kansas
Lily 96. Eengil 100, Staggler 100. **nsas
Ktxth race, six and a half furlonirs— Tennv
Belle 10*. Our Lady 104. Certain 108, Wellesley
100. Dr. Clark 100. Lord Neville 1027 Cent e 81
Impetuous 1)1. •
DELMAR SELKCTIOXS.
(By the New York Telegraph.)
m£IE n R o a n r B e eT PlDkjr B ' T "'" d °«
Tblrd Race — Athena. Canoiea.
fln*h *mltb. . '
l-nrirtli Raw Malnter. Scorpio,
Frank Bell. " '
Fifth Race — Mynheer, Broodier,
Jn»lf I'.
Msth Raee— Impetaonn, Welle*,
lej. Or. Clark.
FLORA BELLE
WINS HONORS
Miss Whittell played a remarkably con
sistent game, her highest number of
strokes at any hole being eight. A
"three" at the seventh hole won the
trophy. Miss Chesebrough spelled her
chance for a victory at the elehth hole
in the second round. She required eleven
strokes before she could go on to the last
part of the course.
As Miss Whittell is a member of the
Burlingame Club the trophy will remain
In the possession of that organization
until such time as Miss Whittell wins it
again, making it her property, or the
representative of some other club cap
tures it.
tournament play was highly praised by
the southern experts..
Stolen bases — Baxter, Shay. Errori Bra
shear* Irwtn. Kruger. Herr. Reilly. Graham,
Gorton. Two-base hits — O'Hara, Graham 3
Brashear. Sacrifice hits — De%-ereaux, Bra
yhear. First base on errors^ — San Francisco 1
First base on called balls — Off Graham 4. Left
on bases — Oakland 6, San Francisco 4. • Struck
out — By Graham 1, by Herr 2. Double play
Devereaux to Baxter to Brashear. Passed ball
—Kelly. Time of game— 1 hour and 45 min
utes. Umpire — O'Connell.
Oakland 1 0 10 01 0 '2 O— 5
Base hits 2 12 0 1 3^jO 4 1—14
San Francisco 0 0 3 2 0 0 0 .'( x — $
Base hits 0 1 11 1 0 0 4 x— 8
SUMMARY.
Totals..37 5 14 24 18l Totals. 32 8 8 17 17
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Oakland — , San Francisco —
AB. R. H. P. A. I All. R. H. P. A.
p'H'a. cf S 1 1 1. OShay. m. 4 1 1 3 S
l>ev'x. ss 4 <* 1 2 4 Me'ny. rf 3 O O 3 O
Urshr. lb 4 1 2 7 1 frwin, 3b 4 0 1 O 1
Mur'k, rf 4 O 1 2 0 Pabst. lb 4 1,111 o
Uax'r, 2b 4 10 7 4 Lynch, cf 3 'i 2 O 1
Krug-r If 4 1 3 3 OK rug. If . 4 2 1 4 1
rtellly. 8b4 0 2 1 &.Del's, 2b. 4 0 1 3 5
Gorton, c 4 0 1 1 - 3 Kelly, c. 3 1 1 3 1
Gra'm. p 4 1 3 O 1 Herr, p.. 3 1 0 0 3
. .*, MORNING GAME.
Herr pitched great ball for Uncle In the
morning game at Oakland. Although hit
for fourteen safeties, he held the Cripples
down to five runs. On the other, hand,
San Francisco bunched their hits off Gra
ham and easily got eight men over the
route. Graham was wild and easy to hit
when men were on the bases. The score:
Stolen bases — ISranhear, Kruger, Delmas.
Error*— Irwin (3). Roll I y (2). Branhear. Two
base hits — Lynch. Kruger. Sacrifice ¦ hits —
Devereawx. O'Hara. First base on errors —
Fan Francisco 3, Oakland 3. Firet base on
called balls^ — Off Iberg 2. off Cooper 3. Left
on bases — San Francisco 5. Oakland 7. Struck
out— By Iberg «. by Cooper 2. Hit by pitcher
— Krug, Delmas. Double plays — Shay to
Pabst; Baxter (unassisted). Time of game —
1:45. Umpire — O'Connell.
SUMMARY
Oakland 0 0 0 1 0.0 0 0 0—1
Base hits 0 O 2 1 1 1 0 0 1 — <J
San Francisco ...0 3 O O O O O O x — 3
l!a- c hits 0 3 1 1 0 0 0 1 x— C
RUN'S AND HITS BY INNINGS
Two fast double plays kept runs from
scoring on both sides. In the third, when
the Cripple? had the bags full and but
one out. Brashear hit one squarely over
the second bag. It looked like a hit, but
Shay was after It In a twinkling and,
touching the bat, he threw the ball to
first and completed a double play, sav
ing at least two runs.
San Francisco also had the bags all oc
cupied in the fifth, when Kelly hit a liner
right at Baxter. The lloose held the ball
and touched second, making a neat
double and saving his team from a worse
defeat. The score:
San Francleco — t Oakland —
AB. K. H. P. A. I AB. R. H. P. A.
Shay.e.. 4 0 o 5 2,OHara.cf 2 0 0 10
Meany.rf 3 0 10 0|Devrr,3b 2 0 12"
Ir«ln.3b 4 0 0 1 .'JlBrshr.lb 3 0 0 11 0
Pab«.lb 4 1 1 11 1 Murdk.rf 4 10 2 0
Lynch.cf 4 0 2 2 0|Caxtr,2b 4 O 1 2 2
Kru(t,lf...3 12 1 lJKrugr.lf 4 0 2 1 O
D*lms.2b 110 1 3|Kellly.3b 4 0 0 2 2
Kelly.c. 3 0 0 5 liLohmn.c 4 0 13 2
Ibers.p..J$ 0 0 1 a Cooper, P 4 0 10 3
Totals 29 3 6 27 14' Totals 32 ~1 ~Q 24 11
Pabst started proceedings with a hit to
the right garden, and Lynch beat out a
bunt. Krugr set the crowd going with a
hit past second, which brought Pabst
around. Lynch landed on second, where
old Peter caught him napping off the bag.
Then Dclmas walked, and Cooper made a
throw to the bag to catch him napping.
Brashear let the ball go past him and
both runners advanced a base.
Kelly hit the ball to second and while
he was being put out Krug crossed' the
pan. After this Ham Ibergr laid one down
to Reilly. The chance was easy", but
Reilly threw the ball about ten feet over
Brashear's head and Delmas came over
with the third tally.
Oakland got its only run in the fourth,
when Murdock was safe on an error by
Irwin. He went around to third on a
Texas Leaguer to right by Baxter and
completed the trip of the bases on Kru
ger'n out.
In a few minutes he returned again and
Bat down on the Oakland bench, but wide
ly refrained from 'making any more com
ment*, as he saw Jack was In earnest and
would not stand for any more of h!s loud
talk from the bench. The spectators all
peemed to approve of O'Connell's action.
They cheered the umpire when he ordered
the noisy magnate back to the shed.
Both Cooper and Iberg pitched pplendid
ball all through the game. There was lit
tle to choose between the work of the
two m*-n. Cooper was unfortunate In the
second round, when the three runs ' were
made, but he kept right on pitching and
had Uncle's bunch blanked after that pe
riod.
The afternoon game should really have
been captured by the Cripples, but they
made two errors in the second round, and
then in the ninth they another
chance when Kruger tried to stretch a
nice double into a triple sacker when no
one was down. Right after this occur
rence Irwin committed' an error that
would have put ar.other run over, but
there wat no one on the bags to take ad
vantage of the play.
Cal Ewing, thcOakland magnate, played
sn important part in the struggle in the
fourth inning, when he became too out
spoken, and Umpire Jack O'Connell
promptly ordered him off the field. Ewing
dodged back Into the clubhoufe when the
special officer came to take him away,
but finally came out and went off the
field.
The series ended evenly for the two
team.*, each taking four games. By the
way it started last Tuesday it appeared
the Cripple? would take about peven, but
their steam seemed to die away toward
the end of the week, and Uncle's tribe
fraved themselves with a strong finish In
the last games of the series.
The Cripples seemed to lose their win
ning grip yesterdaf arid they succumbed
twice to the home team. In the morning
over on the Oakland baseball Held they
went down 8 to 5. At Recreation Park In
the afternoon th«*y were on the short end
throughout the battle and faded away.
to the mustc of 3 to 1.
Sixth rr.ce. six furlongs — The Giver 107, Cru
sade* 112. Moabina 112. John Peters 107, A.
D. Gibson 106, F"leuron 104, Birch Broom 103.
WASHIXGTOX PARK SELECTIO.VS.
<By the Chicago Inter Ocean.)
First Knee-— Headwater, Lovable,
Otrlnne Inland.
Second Race— 'Peter Paul, Miss
Crawford. Fred Leppert.
Tbird Race Bondage, Gregor Iv.
Al rlltrbt.
Fourth Race— Alan -a -Dale, Jack
Demand, Ilermencia.
Fifth Race — Hayward Ilnnter,
Modicnm, Iloaster.
Mxth Race — Crnzados, Jolin
Petern, The tilver.
Third race one and a sixteenth mil^s — Bond
sre 107. Gregor K 104. Atriight 102. Lendin
K2. Umarinen 87.
Fourth race, one mile and seventy yards —
Alan-a-I)a!e 117. Beau Ormonde 114. Jack De
mund 107. Ilermencia 1M. Jim Clark UM, Fln
eal 10«i, Wainamoinen 102, Semper Vlvum 09.
• Fifth race, one and a half miles, selling —
Boaster 104. Adelante 1O4, Erne 101, Little El
kin Hfl. Modicum 97, Hay ward Hunter 86. Rol
lick II. !»4.
Second race, five furlongs. 2-year-olde — Fred
l^npert lit*. Batts 118. Peter Paul 110, Mlts
Cram-ford 107. Sweetie 107. Auditor 106. Mlzzen
Mast 107. Zar 106. Buccaneer 106. Blumenthal
J06. Toltec 106, Tryon 10tS, My Eacter 103,
Woodlswn 1C3. Japan 106.
WASHINGTON PABK ENTBIES.
CHICAGO. July R. — Washington Park'a en
lri<r» for Monday are:
Firrt racp. six furlongs, wiling— Sharp Bird
115 Piederirh 114. Balm of Gllead 113, Head
water 112 Hot 110. Bert Man 110. King Res
HO, Alum Water 110. Quadra 108. Bella Knight
IO. Mayor Johnson 103. Lovable 105. Lute 103,
yyix 103, CorlJine Unland 103. Scbwarzwald
ins.
SHEEPSHEAD BAY SELECTIONS.
(By the New York Telegraph.)
First Rare— -Origin, Escobar, Div
ination.
Vrnnd Race — Dnblin, Ilnmt
bourar, Axtarita.
Third Itare — Raglan, Pentanr,
Rimefal.
Konrlli Rare — Hark Forirard,
Ultrliif. Adjlrianmo.
Fifth Hn««- Dublin. Oom Paul,
Colonel mil.
¦ Sixth Rare— Coks well, I.ncly Po
tentate, Zoroaster.
Sixth rare, one 6.3d a half mile* on turf.
Belling — Bellario ICC. Cogswell ICO, Bar le Due
101. Otrcu* 111. PoJite h7. Moroton 106, Philip
pine 105. Courtenay 101. Saiimaker 6S. Justice
*»6. Lady Potentate 92, Warranted 9S, Zoroaner
105.
Fourth race, cent'eman riders, full Fteeple
chac: courts. Stirrup Cup — Hlgbi* ie7. Self
Protection lt>7, Adji<laumo ICO. Tankard 137.
Hark Forward 154. Howard Gratz 14S, Perion
M7. Victor 145. Meadow Lark 145.
Fifth rsee. one mile, handicap — Dublin 124,
«:clonrl Bill 122. Oora Paul 116, Bon Mot 109.
Hcmeefad 1O>. Hi* Eminence 103, Payne 100.
Brigand li«0. \V. R. Condon 99, Himf»»lf J»7.
Irascible :-i. Apnc? D 03.
Third race, flve and a half furlongs of Fu
turity coui-sp, 2-year-old! — Baleful 122. Reli
ar.ce*112. llain or EMoc 112, St. Valentine 112.
Pond L'.Jj- 10"'. Modred 112. Pentaur 117. Jim
K.-liy 122. Rajflan Hit. Hyias 109. Avenger 112.
Pel Rogpr 112 Gay Lothario 112. Head Lad
US Flying Charcoal 112. Stalker 112, Bobadil
112. My S:*tf r :oa. Jack Dtxon 112. Flora King
1J2.
NEW rOBK. July C— Sheepfhead Cay en
tries fcr Monday are:
Fir*t ra<-f five furlongs of Futurity course.
maidens 2-year-old, oell'.ng— Bouvier 1<#, Bill
ir.es 1OK. Brooklyn 1CS. t=hcrt Cake Ip5. Atwood
1(C ILand* I'p 1C*. Escobar 109. Olebrant
Hi' Schoolrr.istress '.K>, Altxrtola 10:5. Tide 1US«.
H-av*-n P.un 104. Fwa P.«ck 112. Bride'e Flight
1(;7 <;rey Kr.lpht 1«2 WilligpsFe 1C5. Divina
tJcn 110, Origin 1U«. Tci San 90. Tommy r.ot
JO
¦J5-MTond race, eix furlongf on midtrack, 3-ywr
old« ard up— King P«rp*r 120. einqueval'.i 107,
Olympian 113. B^Ue cf Troy 108. Huretbourne
JOY. Franke Keane US. Pw^et Nell 107. Our
Nugg«-t 102 Chlcl- 107. The Rhymer 113, Sub
duv ]IC Orlcff 1W\ Oaptivator 109, Invincible
112. Oom Paul VJM. Ai>tarita 107, Counterpoise
104, Dublin l- s John A. Scott 112, Northern
Star 123. Car.OlSns 1H-
SHEEPSHEAD BAY ENTRIES.
, Jlrishtrn opens or. Wednesday. The
popular track at the beach has been put
In apple j>ie order. A new chute has been
built so that the Brighton Handicap will
rot be started on the upper turn as in
The handicap, which will be worth
mere than fm*W to the winner this year,
will l*€ run on the opening dav. the dis
tance being a mile and a quarter. J. B.
Haggin's Wat^rboy, winner of :he Su
burban Ilenewal in track record time,
will ttart. so Trainer Jack Goyner say*,
even though he must take up twelve
pounds penalty.
NEW YORK. July S.— Race goers have
a week of creat sport before them. The
meeting of the Coney Island Jockey Club
et Shwrchead Bay mill wind up Tue3<J«y
wUh'ihe classic Lawrence Realization
Ftakes for t hree-year-olds at a mile an>i
Jive furJonrs. Turf men regret the ab
eence of Irish J>ud from this important
went, as he would have bad a royal
chanc* to ni^ajsure bis strides apaJn. not
only with Africander, who I* considered
by many the best t tree-year-old In the
East, but also with John A. Drake's
Savable, the winner of last year's Futur
ity and Ixsten favorite ia this year'*
American Derby.
£avab> arrived here to-night, having
made the journey In a luxuriously ap
pointed bcx car !n care of Enoch Wis
hard. Drake would not have 5tnt him
Ea*t if he had not been confident of suc
cess. O'.Vell may ride, negotiation? for
the boys services having Deeu opened
come time ago. Africander, the winner
of the Belment stakes, the Suburban
Handu-ap and the Advance stakes, will
probably rule favorite. His army of fol
lotvers ere inclined to throw nU perform
ance in the Equality stakes out of their
calculations for the reason skat they as
cribe hi* disgraceful beating wholly to
the bungling ride given h'.m by Tommy
Burns.
Sl"»c!al Dispatch to The Call
i Pacific National League.)
W. L. Pel. I W. L. Pet.
Butte 46 25 .644 San Fran 3ff 36 .500
I. -n- >i>e«:»..4i 28 .(ill Tkcomit T.t 41 .414
Spokane 40 30 .571 HeUn* 2* 43 ..15N
tr>att]e 39 31 .KKjSa'.t Lake.... 2 4 .XiS
HTANOIKO OK THE CLUBS
(Pacific Coast League.)
W. I>. Pet. I W. I.. Pet.
J.c* Ansrles..(W 29 .?;.".:» Oakland 40 C& .421
8?acr*rn«nto .S3 34 .ttOGjl>«ttle 81 Gl .S7S
San FVan 01 39 .'>VQ Portland 34 .11 .354
STANDING OF THE CIATBS.
Cal Ewing Ordered Off the
Grounds by Umpire
O'Connell.
John A. Drake Ships Savable
East Feeling Confident
of Success.
His Followers Believe
He Will Win Reali
zation Stakes.
Uncle's Followers Play
Best Ball in Both
Games.
AFRICANDER MAY
RULE FAVORITE
CRIPPLES DROP
TWO IN A ROW
After Having Been Competed For Over the Burlingame Country Club Links
N for Five Years Its Polished Surface Bears the Names of a Quintette
of Women Golfers, No One of Whom Has Been Able to Win It Twice
PONIATOWSKI CUP GIVES PROMISE
OF BECOMING AN HISTORIC TROPHY
CLEAR WEATHER
AIDS MARKSMEN
YACHTS CRUISE
ON SUMMER SEA
Competition Is Brisk on
the Shell Mound
Ranges.
Many Amateur Sailors
Pass Holidays on
Their Craft.
Thetis Captures Priz3 for
Race Frcm Vallejo to.
Sausalito.
Expert R?flemen From Five
Organizations Hold
Contests.
Nearly all the yachts of the San Fran
cisco and Corinthian clubs returned to
moorings yesterday evening after more
or less extended holiday cruises.
The sloops Thetis, Surprise, Halcyon and
Juanita of the San Francisco Yacht Club
left Sausalito Friday evening and sailed
up to Vallejo. The Surprise and Juanita
continued on up Napa Creek, th*»former
reaching Napa City about 7 o'clock on
Saturday morning and the latter about an
hour later. The Halcyon came to anchor
at Napa City about 11:30 a. m. Napa was
left at 5:15 on Saturday evening, the
yachts Surprise and Halcyon being towed
down the creek by the launch Rob Roy.
J. R. Savory's sloop Juanita remained at
Napa. The other yachts came to anchor
at \ allejo on Saturday night.
The schooner Chlspa left Sausalito on
Friday evening and cruised to Turner's
shipyard at Benicia, where she came to
anchor for the night. On the Fourth ehe
sailed up Suisun Creek to Joyces Land
ing and back to Vallejo. Yesterday she
returned to her moorings at Sausalito.
The yawl "Wave cruised to Martinez on
Friday night and on the Fourth sailed
through Suisun Bay and back to Vallejo.
She returned to Sausaltto yesterdayl
Several 3-achts of the Corinthian fleet
left Tiburon on Friday afternoon or even
ing and on the Fourth enjoyed an excel
lent sail through Montezuma Slough. J.
W. Pew's sIood Truant led the fleet
through the slough, but near Vallejo was
passed by Frank Stone's sloop Presto.
Yesterday the sloops Thetis. Surprise
and Halcyon raced down from Vallejo to
Sausalito for the cup which was not
awarded at the previous race of the San
Francisco Yacht Club from Mare Island
to Sausalito. The official time for start
ing across a line drawn from the float of
the Vallejo Yacht Club to the opposite
shore across Mare Island Straits was 10:30
a. m., but it was about 11:30 before the
yachts got out of the straits into the
open bay. Commodore R. S. Bridgman's
sloop Thetis finished at 3:40 p. m., the
Halcyon at 4:14 and the Surprise at 4:33:40.
The Thetis won the cup.
"W. G. Morrow's sloop Challenger left
Sausalito yesterday morning at 8:50 and
made a quick irlp to Vallejo. which she
reached at 11:45. Without dropping anchor
she put about and. getting into the ebb
tide, made excellent time to California
City. There she fell Into a calm streak
and lost tb* chance of making a record
for a trip from Sausalito to Vallejo and
back. Then the speedy sloop cruised out
beyond Lime Point, where the breeze was
strong and the seas heavy. J. M. Pun
nett'a sloop Curlew, formerly the Cygnus,
cruised to Valleio and back to moorings
during the holiday!". The sloop Queen
was also out for a vacation cruise. A. E.
Chapman's sloop Helen of the Vallejo
Yacht Club was under" sail in San Pablo
Bay yesterday.
Several boats of the California Yacht
Club started on the Fourth for a week's
cruise up the Sacramento River.
The weather was perfect for shooting on
the Shell Mound ranges yesterday and
most of the marksmen present made ex
cenent scores aa a result. There was
brisk competition in every event and th'e
places of honor were not easily won.
The organizations represented were the
8heII Mound Pistol and Rifle Club, Oak
land Turn Verein. Independent Rifles.
Deutscher Krieeer Verein and Company
G, First Infantry, National Guard of
California.
The day's scores follow:
Shell Mound Pistol and Rifla Club: First
class at 200 yards, two scores cf ten shot*
each— N. J. Nelson 250. H. P. Nelson 384, H.
W. Kleinenbrolch 2S». H. Povey 353. F. W.
Wlxson 358, F. Mante 329.
Slebe 191, I* Blebe 277. W. Slebe 271. U. Skin
ner 250. II. Windmuller 331, J. Cobby 382. It.
Second elasa at 2OO yards, two scores of ten
shots each — J. Rlngen 270. E. Lorenzen IDS, C.
Greein* 187, H. Lang 1S5. C. Prtea 1H9. R-
Mackey 2CS. W. Patton 2.J3. Captain G. Larson
22» Dr. Butt Roche 249. E. J. Farley 1H3, A.
Thompson 257, A. Gay 195. P. Paulson 215. E.
Wlxson 332. A. Poulsen 343, H. Crocker 207. L.
Murphy 212, J. Logue 270. H. Puckhaber 267.
D. Hopkins 323.
Third class, at 50 yards, two scores of ten
fhots each — V. Poulsen 211. E. Nlehaus &M>.
A. Krause 32O. H. McKlnley 380. W. Koloa
S87. W. L. Paulson 413, U V. Prates 38». F.
W. Dubolse 373. G. Althausen 322, P. O.
Hchullerts 388, G. Hughes. 349. G. Skinner
383. W. Guild 39«. H. Poulsen 340. C. PauUon
319. G. Glueck 3SS. J. Kenney 359, M. Lytjen
308. B. Scbullerts 363, T. Bearwald 3S3. W.
Ker.ney 37C.
Oakland Turn Vereln. monthly medal shoot—
F. Mante 3S9. II. Loaffler 298. B. Brunje 273.
F. Kreus 261. H. Mohr 227.
monthly medal shoot—
Independent Rifles,
B. Hilken 37. W. B. Cook 2s. K. Wlchrowsky
32, G. Kallenberger 40, F. Schohay 47. Corporal
P. Schonlg «5. It. Morris 32. H. Gaatjen 43.
W. Tlenken 20. P. Peterson 45. H. Marxolf 47.
J. Schllchtmann 43, W. A. Smith 42. Captain
L. Schneider 31. C. Schilling 27.
Deutscher Krieger Vereln, monthly bullseye
shoot — First champion class. O. Dammer, 300;
second champion class, John Bender, .".'«': first
class, X. Sllberzahn, 310: second class. C.
Meyer. 290: third class. C. Heninger. 280; fourth
class. C Hartmann, 223; best first shot. A.
Stoll, 23; best last shot. A. Stoll, 24; best
center. J. Binder. 23.
Company G, First Infantry, National Guard
of California, monthly medal shoot — Captain
W. L. Wall 32, Sergeant Noyes SU. Sergeant
Talbot 32, 11. L. Barrows 2*. J. Daley 22, M.
S. Bradley 27. J. A. Bright 2S. Sergeant F.
Owens 29, Corporal Duffy 23. Sergeant Ames
40. B. Lundy 23, Corporal Johnson 30. L. Ay
hens 27. D. Dassman 3!>. E. Dolan 40, Corporal
Stedman 42, Walter Splllman iSS. Lieutenant
Newbert £!», J. Dolan 4<5. W. II. SpiUxnan :;O.
B. Jackman 32. M. J. Lyona 3». Corporal H.
Tugrgy TJ, Sergeant Stroth 4J, S. E. Morris *J,
Corporal Sutherland 21. D. O'Donnell 25, L.
Dreyfus 46. J. Cohn 34. W. Corbett 31. J.
Wrenn 29. Lieutenant Graham 42, A. Ames 41,
E. Nickell 35, D. Weir 20.
BLTLEMEN WILL ENTERTAIN.
Team Which Won the Centennial Ex
hibition Championship to
Celebrate.
This is the twenty-seventh anniversary
of the victory of the California Schuetzen
Club rifle team over riflemen from all over
the world. The members of the club pro
pose celebrating properly in commemora
tion of the event.
When the Centennial Exposition was
held In ISTo at Philadelphia, and the rifle
shots of the world were invited to test
their skill, Phllo Jacoby gathered about
him six members of the California
Schnetzen Club to represent this State in
the contest. These six members were A.
Strecker, A. Rahwyler, William Koenlg.
William Streuly, William Ehrenpfort and
A. Bauer. These men paid their own ex
penses, went to Philadelphia and defeated
all comers, bringing back to California
the world's championship and a handsome
trophy, which they still retain.
In speaking of the affair yesterday,
Philo Jacoby said: "The emblem of our
California Schutezen Club is the bear flag
of this State, and when we went to Phila
delphia in 1S76 it was the first time the
East ever saw It. We captured tho cham
pionship, defeating the next best team,
the Helvetia of Switzerland, by sixty
elght rings. William Hayes, at that time
shooting king of the Bundest. took third
prize with his team from Newark, N. J.
"Mr. Hayes was here last year and lost
his crown to A. Strecker. the present
bundest kins, and a member of the team
which took the championship at the Cen
tennial Exposition contests." Mr. Jacoby
neglected to state that he made the high
est score.
There are but four members of the orig
inal team in this city. They are Jacoby,
Strecker, Rahwyler and Ehrenpfort.
Bauer is long since dead and Komi? is a
resident of Hanover, Germany. Nothing is
known of Streuly.
Each year since 1S76 it has been the
custom of these men to meet on July 6th
and celebrate the anniversary of their
great victory. They will entertain their
friends at a banquet. The affair will take
place to-night at 9 o'clock at the Odeon.
McCLO SKY'S MEN HIT HARD.
Make Fifteen Hits in Game With
Tacoma. Tigers.
TACOMA. Wash.. July 5.— San Francisco
made it five out of six by taking to-day's
game, which was a slugging match, the vis
itors landing on St. Vraln for fifteen choice
swats in the first six innings. These netted
twelve runs half of which were due to ragged
fielding. Burns at second was a feature of
the game, he having a total of seventeen
chances all perfectly handled. Home runs
by Rocitenfleld and Marshall were among the
batting features. Attendance. 3000. Scoj«:
R. H. E.
SanrfFrandsco. .2 0 S 3 2 2 0 0 0—12 15 3
Tacoma .2 03000020—7 10 5
Batteries — Borchers and Zearfoss; St. Vrain
and Byers. Umpires— Flannery and Glendon.
SEATTLE, Wash.. July 5.— Seattle won
both games this afternoon. Hlckey was in
vincible in the first, while the locals drove
Stricklett to the bench in the fourth and hit
Johnson bard. Errors by the visitors were
costly. In the second game both Maupln and
Thlelman pitched winning ball and the fielding
was of high class. Hulen made a clean steal
of home In the first Inning and this run was
enough to win the game. Score:
First eame — R, H. E.
Seattle 7 ..0 2 10 7 10 2 0—13 15 1
Los Angeles ..0 00000000—0 5 7
Batteries— Hlckey and Stanley; Stricklett.
Johnson and Hardy.
Second game — «.„**• ?• E>
Seattle 10 110 0 0 0 0—3 7 2
Los Angeles ..0 20000000—2 4 2
Batteries— Maupln and Stanley; Thlelman
and Hildebrand. Umpire — Huston.
BUTTE. Mont.. July 5.— Butte's defeat of
Helena to-day by the score of 3 to 1 was due
to three- things. Thompson by his wlldnes9
and an error in the first Inning gave the lo
cals two of their thre« tallies. Thomas pitch
ed fine b«rll and was given great support, and
Butte In getting men out on bases showed
form seldom witnessed. Attendance. 1000.
Score: R H
Butte 2 0 1 0 0 0 0 0 x— 3* 7* 1
Helena o 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0— 1 8 3
Batteries — Thomas and Swindells: Thompson
and Carrisch. Umpire— Mahaffey.
SPOKANE, July 5.— Spokane batted Harmon
out of the box in the fourth Inning to-day, se
curing eight runs off him. Salt Lake could
not hit NlchoU effectively. The fielding of the
home team was of the spectacular variety.
Miller who replaced Harmon, held the locals
down to four hits. Salt Lake won the second
game by bunching hits off Carney in the last
inning Carney was replaced by Helsmann.
Lundbom pitched steady ball. Attendance.
2900. . Scores:
First game— R- H. E.
SDokane 0 0 1 8 1 0 0 0 x— 10 11 o
Salt Lake o 00000000— 0 5 4
Batteries — Nichols and Zalusky; Harmon.
Miller and Anderson.
Second game — R. H. E.
Spokane 0 11022000— « 7 5
Salt Lake 00033004 2-12 12*. ; 8
Batteries — Carney, Helsmann and Zalusky;
Lundbom and Shea.
I- ASS A JOLLY DAY
AT SCHTJETZEN PARK
ANGELS WIN FINAL GAME.
Senator's Percentage Is Lowered by
Losing the Series.
PORTLAND. July 5. — A crowded grand stand
and bleachers braved four hours and a half
of cold and showery weather this afternoon to
watch Portland take two games from Seattle.
The first game was fast and snappy, with no>
special features save some pretty double plays
by both teams.
The second game was the most sensational of
the season, the list of features being headed
by Smith's home run and a wonderful running
catch by Van Buren. At the end of the
eighth, during which Portland had secured too
big a lead to be overcome, and In the face of
another shower, the game was called. Scores:
First game — R. H. E
Seattle 1 0 0 0 0 O 1 1 0— 3 It ;j
Portland 0 0 1 0 3 0 1 0 x— 3 7 .%
Batteries — Carrick and Boettlger; Engle and
Shea.
Second game — n. H. e.
Seattle 0 10 10 0 0 0—2 7 7
Portland O 0 S » 1 2 0 6-12 lt$ i
Batteries — Kllnghammer and Boettiger; But
ler and Hess.
LOS ANGELES, July 5.— Fisher's Sacra
mento team went north to-night lower in the
percentage table for the pennant race than
when it reached Los Angeles. The Seraphs
won the game to-day by the score of 9 to 4
Cutter and Newton were the. opposing pitchers
The former was bumped hard throughout, and
only star fielding kept the score- down to nine
runs. .Newton was in form and scattered the
hits well. Earan made a home run In th
eighth, sending In Townsend. Cravath's bat
ting and fielding were features. Attendance
MXM). Score :
R H K
Sacramento 00020002 0— ?' f" {
Los Angeles 1 2 0 0 X 0 2 3 x— 0 13 i
Batteries — Cutter and Hasan; Newton and
Spies. Umpire— Levy.
Germany Will Not Claim Indemnity.
BERLIN. July 5.— The German Foreign
Office says the report that Germany in
tends to present to the Cuban Govern
ment claims for indemnity for losses sus
tained by Germans during the recent war
is untrue.
The Servians held forth at Schuetzen
Park yesterday. It waa the twenty-third
annual excursion and picnic of the Ser
vian-Montenegrin Literary and Benevo
lent Society and was one of the most suc
cessful affairs ever held by. the organiza
tion. Fully 600 people were present and
all enjoyed the day immensely. The larg
est crowd left San Francisco at 9:30 and
did not return home until late in the aft
ernoon.
Dancing was the chief amusement of
the day, but bowling arid other athletic
contests came in for their share of atten
tion. A great many gate and tombola
prizes were distributed.
The committees that had the affair In
charge were as follows:
Arrangements — Steve T. Gerunovich (chair
man). Petar 8. Setenclch. Ella J. OudeH
Chris. G. Sladovich, Milan G. Stanisich.
Floor— illlan G. Stanisich (manager) C G
Sladovich (assistant), Theo. Daoovlch. John g"
Goicovich and Kpiro MUlsich. . .: -* ° . t
Reception — John P. Doklestlcn. John Geruno
vtch. Janko.Zorich and Milan Mlsevich.
S. T. Gerunovich was marshal and
George Kovacevich, assistant marshaL
BERLIN. July 5. — Major Justus Schubert
military editor of the Kreux Zeituag is dead.
He accompanied General Lee's army durina; th«
Civil War in America as an overseer or tlw
operations, and wrote extensively, Interprets*
the military lessoaa to be drawn Iron Uxea,
SPORTS OF THE RACETRACK, THE BASEBALL DIAMOND AND THE GOLF LINKS
THE SAN FE A * CISCO CALL., MOB IDAT, JULY 6, 1903.
THE artistic and valuable challenge
cup presented by Prince Poni
atowski for competition among
the young women golfers of Cali
fornia bids fair to become an his
toric trophy. ' : r-.- '¦/•
It was competed for on Independence
Day for the fifth time and the names of
five fair grolfers are inscribed on its pol
ished surface.
The defeat of Miss Edith Chesebrough
by Miss Florence Whittell was a surprise
to the admirers of the former who have
noted her rapid improvement on the
Presidio links, where she has been a reg
ular visitor. Miss Chesebrough made a
golfing pilgrimage to Los Angeles earlier
in the vear and took part in the tourna
ment for the women's championship of
the Pacific Coast Golf Association. Her
6Berrie was patrolling: his beat along Van
Ness avenue when some one threw a fire
cracker in front of the horse. The animal
took fright and ran. Berrie lost his bal
ance and was thrown.
Then the frightened horse began to jump
around, and, as the officer still held ; the
reins, was unable to get away. Finally
It made a leap into the air and broke
loose, stepping on U.e officer's foot in its
flight. The horse was stopped several
blocKs away from the qcene of the acci
dent and bystanders ; telephoned for the
ambulance and had the injured policeman
removed to the hospital.
Mounted Policeman J. B. Berrie of the
Western Addition district was severely
injured by being thrown from his horse
on Van Ness avenue yesterday afternoon.
As the officer fell the horn of the saddle
struck htm, in the side; inflicting a pain
ful Injury. The frightened steed also trod
on Berrie's foot, crushing it. He was
treated at the Emergency Hospital and
later removed to his home at 1070 Howard
street.
Van Ness Avenue and Buns
Away.
J. S. Berrie's Steed Takes Fright on
MOUNTED POLICEMAN
THROWN FROM HORSE
Lord Anglesey is credited with being
the pioneer of the idea of a scented
motor car. Thus when he goes abroad on
his car, instead of the fumes of the gas
oline or some other noxious odor being
l*>ft In his train, there is a fragrance of
rau de Cologne.
What may prove to be a case of suicide
was discovered late yesterday afternoon
in the Ahlborn House by Charles Lang
don, a porter at the hostelry, when on
entering the room occupied by Miss Mary
Ryder he found her cold in death.' The
dead woman was about CO years of age
and came to this city from Fresno on
July 3. She was last seen alive at 6
o'clock Saturday night, and the hotel
management, becoming alarmed at her
absence, determined to investigate. On
the washstand in the room was found an
ounce bottle of white powder, supposed to
be strychnine. The body was removed to
the Morgue and the stomach will be sent
to the city chemist for analysis.
Hay Be a Case of Suicide.
September 4 — Municipal activities relating to
public health and safety, education, schools,
libraries museums, for discussion; "Technical
Schools," lecture by P. M. Fisher.
October 2 — Municipal activities relating to
municipal improvements, such as streets,,
bridges etc. ; municipal finances, expenditures,
debts sources of Income, bond Issues, financial
administration, for discussion; "Municipal
Ownership, " lecture by Austin Lewis.
November 6 — Municipal activities relating to
charities, the Juvenile court. Juvenile banks,
for discussion; "The Paternal Aspect in Mu
nclpalities," lectures by Dr. Dorothea Moore,
T. O Crawford George 8. Meredith. ¦
December 4 — Framework of the city govern
ment such as the Council, administrative of
ficials executive department, the Judiciary/
for discussion: "Civil 'Service, in Municipali
ties," lecture by C. A. Murdock of San Fran-,
January 8 — Problems of organization, fixing
of responsibility, independence of each depart
ment checks on each other.' municipal elec
torate, municipal history: ''Municipal Suf
frage," lecture by Frank McGowan.
OAKLAND, July 5.— The Second Ward
Political Equality Club has set to work
upon a course of study and discussion on
the subject of municipal ownership and
administration. The programme mapped
out is based on John A. Fairlie's work
on municipal administration and covers
the ground fully. The lectures and dis
cussions will be held in the Young Men's
Christian Association Hall on the follow
ing dates:
August 7 — Types In America object of mu
nicipal government, tests at efficiency of city
government, causes of some of the evils that
appear in great cities, for discussion; "Prob
lems of City Government," lecture, by A. A.
JJenlson.
Arranges for Discussions and
Lectures.
Second Ward Political Equality Club
MUNICIPAL GOVERNMENT
THEME FOR STUDENTS
OAKLAND. July 5.— Mrs. E. B. Dean
of this city died to-day at the residence of
her daughter. Mrs. Dlllman. in Sacra
mento. She was visiting her daughter
when taken with pneumonia and her ad
vanced age made recover}' impossible.
Ehe was C3 years of age. E. B. Dean, her
husband was at one time a Councilman
of Oakland and survives her.
.Death of ULn. E. B. Dean.
The Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson ob
served the thirty-fifth anniversary of his
entry into the ministry by addressing his
congregation at Trinity Methodist Episco
pal Church last night, his subject being
"Then and Now."
Dr. Wilson said that those who think
the world Is getting worse have studied
and compared past times with the pres
ent to very little purpose.
In 1803, the doctor said, there was in
this country but one church member to
every fifteen of the inhabitants, while in
1903 there was one in every five. Thirty
five years , ago, he said, the Methodist
church numbered but 1,250,000. It had to
day over 6,000,000 communicants and 24,
000,000 adherents. Dr. Wilson said that
the property of the Methodist church was
worth 5187,000,000. Thirty- five years ago,
he said, it gave less than $1,000,000 a year
to. all benevolent purposes and at this
time it gives more than $3,000, 000 annually.
Rev. J. A. B. Wilson Addresses His
Congregation on Growth of
Methodism.
CELEBRATES ANNIVERSARY
OF ENTRY INTO MINISTRY
Mary Gonzales, the young woman who
was so terribly burned through the ex
plosion of a email oil stove at 9 Hlnckley
alley early yesterday morning, died at the
Harbor Emergency Hospital a few hours
later and her body was taken to the
Morgue. She died from shock caused by
the burns. She came from Stockton about
a month ago and was 26 years of age.
Death Ends Her Suffering.
Two horses and a cow and several vehi
cles were taken from the burning barn,
but some machinery and several thou
sand feet of cedar lumber and some doors,
window Fashes and other building mate
rial, which were in the loft, were con
sumed with the barn.
On Saturday* night the grass on the lot
was set aflre several times by fireworks,
but on each occasion it was put out by
Reuben and his brother Herbert. The
damage is estimated at 11000.
The flre department succeeded in con
fining the fire to the place of its origin
and prevented its spreading to the stacks
of timber on the lot.
A fire which threatened the residence,
horses and a cow belonging to F. W.
Kern, builder and contractor, 2449 Seven
teenth street, destroyed a barn in the rear
of Mr. Kern's house, corner of Seven
teenth street and Potrero avenue, at 1:30
o'clock yesterday afternoon. Kern was
away with some members of his family,
the only one remaining at home being a
young son, Reuben. The lad was playing
with another boy near the barn and was
surprised to see flames shoot from the
roof. He sent in an alarm, and before
the engines arrived the flames looked so
threatening that a second alarm was sent
in.
Barn Belonging to F. W. Kara Is
Burned and Builder's Material
Is Consumed.
FIRE THREAENS ANTMALS
AND CONTRACTOR'S HOME
Only a Matter of Numbering.
"No, we haven't made any arrests yet."
the great detective told tho reporter.
"You can say this much, however: We
know who the murderer is.
"He is one of four men whom we
have been watching from the first. The
fact that only ono man committed the
crime has been sworn to by witnesses.
"Neither the first nor second of these
four men was present when the shot was
fired. The third man was also away at
the time.
"The fourth man is the one we want,
and we can lay our hands on him when
ever we're good and ready."
"Then what are you waiting for?" asked
the reporter. "Why don't you arrest him
now?"
"Well, said the great detective, "you
see we're not yet sure as to the proper
numbering of these men. We know that
the fourth man is the one we want, but
which of these four is the fourth man?
That's what we're working on now."—
New York Sun.
DENVER, July 5.— Christian Endeavor
hosts have already begun to assemble in
this citv and from now on . until next
Thursday, when the international biennial
convention Is to open, large delegations
from all parts of the country will arrive
daily. Nearly 2000 Denver people have
been working for weeks to insure the suc
cess of the coming convention, and plans
have been made to care for 25,000 visitors,
though, hardly a.o many are expected to
come. Fifteen acres of ground near the
City Park have been set aside as a con
vention cajnp. The general meetings -will
be held in a large tent, christened Tent
Endeavor, which will give seating room
for 10.000 people. The big tent is surround
ed by smaller tents and the entire grounds
will be brilliantly lighted with electricity.
Seventeen churches In the city will be
thrown open to the Endeavorers as the
State headquarters during the convention.
The opening session will be held Thurs
day afternoon following a meeting of the
trustees, at which officers for the ensuing
two years will be elected. There Is no
doubt that Rev. Dr. Francis E. Clark,
who organized the first United Society of
Christian Endeavor at Portland," Me., on
February 22, 1881, will be re-elected presi
dent and William Shaw treasurer. The
present secretary is Van Ogden Vogt. who
was chosen by the trustees only a few
months ago to succeed John Willis Baer.
President Clark will formally open the
convention and addresses of welcome will
be delivered by Governor James H. Pea
body for the State, Rev. Robert F. Coyle
for -the churches and William E. Sweet,
chairman for the committee of 1903. The
song service will be under the direction
of Professor W. J. Whlteman. On Thurs
day evening President Clark will read his
annual addrcsa after which a platform
reception will be held by the officers, trus
tees and State presidents.
The four days following will be crowded
with religious services, missionary rallies
and addresses on topics of interest to
members of the society by prominent
clergymen and other Christian workers
from all parts of the country.
The official programme gives an honored
place to Chuco Ogawa of Japan, who will
officially represent the Endeavorers of
that kingdom. There was a steady in
crease In Christian Endeavor membership
this year, and there are now more than
62,000 societies, some of which are in In
dia, China, Japan and other remote coun
tries.
Race, twice around the track, open to all —
Harry Williams first, C. White second; 100
yard race for boys — F. McDonough first, A.
Tomski second; 100- yard race for girls — Min
nie Rodenback first. Viola Vermehren second;
once around track for boys — P. McDonough
first. F. Neary second; once around track for
girls— Kitty Corkery first, Phyllis Falrweather
second, Katherine Clash v special prize; mes
senger boys' race — A. L. Rauscn first, J. Hur
ley second; race for girl a under 10 years of
age — Rosle Nearey first. Margaret Murphy sec
ond; Poetofflce clerks* race — Frank Haas first,
Frank Hardy second; marriageable young la
dies' race— MUs Tiernan first. Miss Conboy
second; marriageable young men's race — Harry
Sobey first, George Ayer second; married la
dles' race — Mrs. Singleton, first, Mrs. H. E.
Kelley second ; fat men's race — W. H. Eagan
first. George Brlckley second; old men's race —
C. M. Brown first, C. L. Glller second; race
for bald-headed men— F. J. Flynn first, M. J.
Lawler second: second race, twice around the
track — Artie Jelinskl first, C. Grant second;
sack race — Edward O'Nell first, . A. Tomskl
second: letter-carrier's race — C. Bevan first,
Harry McCarthy second; running broad Jump—
F. 'Hoffman flirt, A. Jones second; standing
broad Jump — J. Canfleld first. J. Jacobson sec
ond; three-lrgged race — Richardson and Golden
first, Murray and Brearty second; Postofflce
clerks' and letter-carriers' race — T. M. Mc-
Carthy first. C. A. Britton second; letter-car
riers' walking match — E. Feehan first, J. J.
Jones second.
Floor— George Ahrens, manager; Frank B.
Hey wood. Berkeley; Percy R. Fox. Alameda;
Thomas P. Tlerney Thomas F. Mclntyre, M.
J. Whelan. W. J. Hanekamp. I. Holx. J. "W.
Bennett D A. Cameron. William McGraw,
H. F. Logan, assistants; H. Hamma Henry
II. "Wilson P J. Buckley. Frank Tyrell. James
Hlckey. W C. Forsyth Jr., Frederick* A.
Boynton J. E. Lower, Guy Sawtelle. M. C.
Lorlgan,* J. Chester Hlckok, F. H. Splnk. T.
J. Finn. J. P. Mulhern and H. R. McCarthy.
Games — Harry F. Logan, chairman; H. M.
Locke Tnomas Nixon. J. J. Larkey. Robert
6. Logan Robert T. Welch, Joseph Splller,
William J. Phelan. Fred Stanley. Charles Be
van E J. Jarratt; Frederick H. Stanley, mar
shal
Raffle — W. J. Hanekamp. chairman: M. J.
Whelan W. H. Barry. Frederick FahrenhoU,
Frank Code. B. F. Herrschaft.
Gate I. Hol«. chairman; Charles Mc-
Auliffe J F. O Connor. Samuel F. Stevens
and E." C.' Fleischer.
The athletic contests resulted as fol
lows:
Arrangements — Charles de la Fontaine,
chairman: J. J. Hughes, secretary; Louis E.
ifolvin. treasurer.
The races were nearly all close and ex
citing. There was no disorder of any
kind during the day and every one pres
ent had a splendid time. Special trains
for the accommodation of the picnickers
were run between the mole and the park
at half-hour intervals throughout the aft
ernoon.
The following named committees were
in charge of the affair:
The friends and members of the San
Francisco Letter Carriers' Mutual Aid
Association spent a very pleasant after
noon at Shell Mound Park yesterday. The
attendance was approximately 3500.
More than 500 gate ami game prixes
were given away. The entertainment
consisted, for the most part, of dancing
and athletic contests. Pavilions, arbors
and the track were crowded with merry
makers until sunset.
Denver Completes Plans
for the Endeavorer
Convention.
Letter Carriers Hold a
Picnic at Shell Mound
GUESTS SPEND
GAY AFTERNOON
Newcastle-on-Tyne municipal tramways
have resulted in a profit to the town of
J40.ND since their inauguration ilftetn
months ago.
Dynamiters Make Bold
Attempt to Blow Up
Building.
COLORADO SPRINGS. Colo., July 5.-
An attempt was made to blow up the
plant of the Colorado Springs Electric
Company at 2 o'clock this morning by
dynamite. One hundred and fifty sticks
of dynamite. weighing seventy-five
pounds, were piled alongside the north
end of the big building and a fuse lighted.
The explosion of one stick distributed the
other sticks around a radius of 200 feet,
saving the building and the lives of seven
teen employes. The glass In all the north
ern windows was broken and fires started,
but they were quickly put out. It is con
sidered miraculous that the entire load
did not explode, as there .was enough
dynamite to have laid the plant in ruins.
General Manager George B. Tripp has
offered $3000 reward for the man or men
who made the attempt. There is no clew,
and he states there is no trouble between
the company and its employes. In addi
tion to furnishing Colorado Springs, Colo
rado City and Manltou with light and
power, the company is furnishing power
to the Standard mill of the United States
Reduction and Refining Company, where
a strike was declared Friday by the "Wet-t
ern Federation of Miners.
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
BERKELEY. July 5. — J. B. Carmany has
presented to the library of the University oi
California an eighty-page manuscript on the
"Vocabulary of the Apache Language." by the
famous Indian fighter. Colonel John C. Car
many, author of the well-known book entitled
"Life Among the Apaches."
Victor Henderson, President Wheeler's pri
vate secretary, has Joined the Sierra Club in
Its outing In the Kern River Canyon. He will
be gone from the University several weeks.
The Delta Upsilon college fraterrity will
occupy the old Kappa Kappa Gamma house at
26Ot Durant avenue durlnsr the # next terra,
pending the completion of the house which they
propose building at the corner of Bowditcn
street and Channlns way. The Kappa Kapr*
Gamma girls will occupy the old Anthony resi
dence on Bowdltch street, near the Hillegass
Held.
Ben "Walker, a Junior in the university, has
been irlven charge of the edin-iv of the "Cal
endar" durlnsr the present summer session. The
Calendar Is an official weekly published by the
university, giving a complete schedule of col
lego events.
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
OAKLAND. July 5.— The steamship Arcata
on its last trip up the coast carried away
three well-known Oaklanders — Hugh von Em
mel. James M. Crow and Fred Seulberger.
Their destination Is Port Orford. where they
propose to slay deer and bears during the
whole month of July.
Xlisn Ruth Bird Sunderland and Karl H.
Nickell were married at "Harlsruh." the hom»
of the bride, on June 9. by the Rev. Charles
R Brown, paator of the First Congregational
church. They are at home to their friends on
the first Tuesday In the month.
Dr Maurice I* Green has Just returned from
a two weeks' vacation spent at Blue Lakes.
Miss Lillian de Parts will leave this week
for a visit to Bartlett Springs.
Lord Jersey, who is fifty-eight, is a
member of two ceunty councils and lord
of 20,000 acres.
TRY TO WRECK
A POWER PLANT
Monte Rio Is a new summer resort on
the North Shore and is about eight mile*
south of Cazadero. Many pretty homes
have been built there and at Tyrone and
the adjacent country holds some valuable
farming properties. It was reported to
night that a large quantity of timber has
been destroyed.
The officials of the North Shore Rail
road early this evening sent every avail
able man to the scene, and at midnight a
special train with 130 men aboard was
hurried to Monte Rio to aid the force of
flre fighters already on the ground.
SANTA ROSA, July 5.- A forest flre a
mile wide at midnight to-night is coming
over the hills toward Monte Rio and Ty
rone and the residents of those localities
and of the surrounding country are great
ly alarmed for the safety of crops and
homes.
Valuable Timber Is Already De
stroyed and a Special Train
Crowded With Men is Hur
ried to the Scene. >
The machinery and buildings were cov
ered by insurance to the amount of $650,
000 and the stock was insured for about
$600,000. The insurance on the buildings
and machinery will cover the full amount
of the loss on this part of the plant.
• From the hoghouse the flre spread to
the smokehouse, making a fiery furnace
400 feet long and 520 feet wide. The walls
began to fall about 5 o'clock, but before
that the eastern wooden wall had been
gradually dropping away. The center of
interest was directed to the northeast cor
ner of the building, where nearly 100,000
pounds of oleomargarine, In tierces of 4S0
pounds each, were adding fuel to the
ftre. At € o'clock a large part of the
southern wall fell with a crash. Several
violent explosions had been beard just be
fore as oil tanks burst within the build
ing-.
Within a very few minutes the flames
»f re in the hog department, and the car
casses of 4S0Q animals were added, to the
flames. It was in this building that Mil
ler is said to have lost his life.
The fire by 3 o'clock had penetrated to
t he oleomargarine department, which was
at the northeast corner of the building.
The beef beds, egg department and other
departments in the eastern end of the
building, known as the beefhouse, were
soon ablaze. The eastern part of the
building was of wood, built to allow of an
extension of the building in that direc
• tion. The eastern wall was soon a mass
of flames. It burned slowly at first, but
by 3:30 o'clock at began to fall apart,
especially at the north end, where the
oleomargarine department was located.
OIL TANKS BTJBST.
Daniel Smalley, foreman of the car de
partment, fell from the sheds on the
north of the building and suffered serious
injury. The fatalities occurred about 5
o'clock. By that time nearly all the
Vullding was on flre. A man with a hose,
said to have been Fire Marshal Miller,
was seen at one of the windows on the
north side, in the hog department. He
walked back into the building, and a few
seconds later those on the outside heard
t urine cries, which lasted perhaps half a
minute. The man did not appear again
and is believed to have been killed.
Two young men who were in the room
and left a few minutes before said that
t wo men failed to escape, but they did not
give the names of the victims.
The origin of the fire is a mystery.
There was no lire in the casing depart
ment in the eastern part of the building,
where the blaze started.
s, nd 1S00 sheep were burned. Nearly 100,000
pound? of oleomargarine was destroyed.
The contents of the smokehouse were
consumed. The entire north building,
measuring 120 by 4'M feet and ranging in
height from five to seven stories, was
putted. It was with the greatest difficulty
ihat the south building was 6aved.
TWO EMPLOYES PERISH.
The fire started shortly after 2 o'clock,
and by 9 o'clock most of the building was
tone. The greatest danger wa« at 6
«> clock, when part of the north wall fell
s>nd the fierce flames shot toward the
Nelson Morris building. Though the dense
Fmoke was blown against the big build
ing the work of the firemen saved the
Firucture. Many of the firemen were vol
unteers. There were three of the city
< ompanies at the fire.
The carcasses of 4D00 hogs. 1500 cattle
For a time the entire stockyards district
vas threatened. By hard work the Nel
son Morris plant, 300 feet north of the
Hammond plant, was saved, and this
raved the Swift plant, which is north of
il:e Nelson Morris building.
ST.* JOSEPH, Mo., July 5.— The main
A.uilding of the Hammond packing plant
vas destroyed by fire this afternoon. The
loss is estimated at $500,000 and is entirely
covered by insurance. Two men lost their
li\es la the flames. One of them is re
ported to be Charles Miller, fire marshal
Bt the plant. Three men were injured,
cne of them seriously.
tures in the Stock Yards Dis
trict After a Long and
Stubborn Fight.
Firemen Save the Adjoining Struc-
Blaze a Mile Wide Roars Over
the Hills in Sonoma
County.
Main Building of the Ham
- - mond Plant in St. Louis
Is Destroyed.
An Investigation of the affair was made
by Dtectives Freel and Whitaker, who
found nothing to warrant any other the
ory except attempted murder and suicide.
The Coroner's office was notified and
Deputy Coroner Charles Meehan and Mes
sengers Thomas Davis and James Murphy
responded to the call. The body of Kato
was removed to the Morgue, where an in
quest will be held. The physicians at the
Emergency Hospital are of the opinion
that the woman will recover. The gash
was on the right side of her throat and
did not sever any important blood vessel.
According to S. Tatusano, a partner of
the deceased, he was much worried by
business reverses and had often stated
that he would take his own life and when
he did he would take his wife with him.
Kato conducted a store at 504 Dupont
street but had not been very successful.
The absence- of any bloodstains in the
room occupied by Kato and his wife
demonstrates that he undoubtedly called
her out into the narrow hallway where
she would have but little chance to de
fend herself.
From the statements of the Japanese
who reside in the house and the intimates
of the couple, they never quarreled and
seemed to be much devoted to each other.
A peculiar feature of the affair, and one
that will require explanation on the part
of the woman, is the fact that clenched
in the right hand of the dead man was
found more than $4. How this amount
happened to be in his hand at the time
and how he was able to wield the razor
thus burdened, unless he held the instru
ment in his left hand, is inexplicable.
BATTLE IN THE HALL.
Doctors Ito and Yoshlda responded to
the call and upon examination found that
Kato was dead and his wife still alive.
She was conveyed to her room and by
the use of heroic remedies was saved.
After dressing her wounds the physicians
had her conveyed to the Central Emer
gency Hospital in the ambulance.
The hallway where the tragedy oc
curred is at the head of a short flight of
steps that lead from the street door to
the second floor. There was every evi
dence of a terrible struggle. The wound
ed woman and dead man were found ly
ing side by side. The razor with which
the one life was ended and another jeop
ardized was found lying by the side of
Kato."
FIND KATO DEAD.
The tragedy was enacted at 12 Sallna
Place, the dwelling place of the deceased,
during the absence of the other inmates.
About 11 p. m. S. Saito, who resides in
a house immediately adjoining the Kato
home, was startled by screams. Henry
Nagate, a brother-in-law of the dead
man, was also attracted to the scene and
rushed to the apartments occupied by
the couple. Lying on the floor in a" little
hallway at the head of the stairs lay the
suicide and his wife. Faint and sick at
heart he turned precipitately ajid rushed
downstairs to summon assistance.
Despondent over business reverses and
having become imbued with the Idea
that a continuation of the struggle
against adversity would prove futile Ma
sanosuke Kato, a Japanese merchant,
made an attempt to murder his wife last
night by cutting her throat with a razor
and then feeling assured that he had
been successful in taking her life, drew
the blade across his own throat and bled
to death before the arrival of a surgeon.
"Twirly Whirly" will begin the last
week of Its long run at Fischer's The
ater to-nisrht:
Nance O'Nell will appear in "Magda"
to-night, Tuesday night and Saturday
matinee at the California Theater. On
Wednesday night she will present "Queen
Elizabeth," Thursday night "Hedda Gab
ler," and Friday, Saturday and Sunday
nights "The Jewess."
¦ Many novel features are on the bill for
Grauman's Theater during the coming
week.
The vaudeville bill at the Chutes has
been entirely changed for the week.
• ¦' _-- • v. ' •
James Corrigan will appear in the sen
sational melodrama "Kidnaped," begin
ning to-night at the Central Theater.
The Alcazar Theater offers "Brother Of
ficers." with White Whlttlesey in the
leading role for the week's attraction be
ginning to-night.
"In Central Park," the new musical
comedy, will commence its sJbond week
at the Grand Opera-house to-night.
The Tivoll offers the old favorite.
"Wang," as the attraction for the week
beginning to-night. Edwin Stevens will
appear In the leading role.
•m*m*
Miss Amelia Bingham will commence
the second week of her engagement at the
Columbia Theater to-night in "The Climb
ers." - *Z-?AZ
There were many flowers for the singer,
among them a stately affair from Amelia
Blngham.
The bill throuzhout is good. Charles
Dickson has a very bright sketch by
Brandon Hurst, "A Pressing Matter," ex
cellently acted by himself and Nell Mc-
Ewen. Frank Young and pretty Bessie De
Vole do some nimble dancing, and Julian
Rose continues to be among the first fa
vorites. Mosher, Houghton and Mosher
have a clever bicycle turn — one of them
introducing the remarkable novelty of
wheeling "down the tr#nbone into the rest
of' the orchestra last night! The colored
quartet Is still pleasing and the Harbecks
roll hoops. The importation, "direct from
their London and Australian triumphs,"
of Barney Fagan and Henrietta Byron—
who is a young person of Sunday picnic
manners— is not amdhg the necessities.
BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
• • •
In the piquant phrase of the moment,
Miss Mabel McKlnley, "favorite niece of
the late President McKinley." and many
other things, "made good," more than
good, at the Orpheum last night. The
event of the week's bill is Miss McKin
ley's debut Into vaudeville, the pleasure
of which was reserved for San Francisco.
Back of It is an unwilling papa, Abner
McKinley, who has a $30,000 distaste for
seeing his daughter behind the footlights
—at least the story goes that the young
lady refused so much rather than give up
her cherished ambition, \ There is al^o a
husband. He Is Dr. Baer, a physician of
prominence, and equally opposed to Mrs.
Baer*s appearance in vaudeville. Then
there is a picturesque small affair of a
$1250 a week salary that also adds inter
est. Then Paris has taught her and
Melba praised. But not these things, nor
the honored name she bears, nor yet her
tiny, piteous crutches— that seem indeed
but the odd whim of a pretty woman
are responsible for Miss McKinley's suc
cess of yesterday afternoon and evening.
There was, indeed, a warm friendliness
in her greeting, in which her name count
ed much. There was a shock of sympa
thy for the plucky young woman who
walked in, pink, pretty and smiling, on
crutches. But it was for the singer, for
the engaging personality, that the cheers
went up after her performance. Miss Mc-
Kinley has a full, round soprano, culti
vated and flexible. She uses it very clev
erly, and with an engaging vaudeville ac
cent that is very extraordinary consider
ing her limited acquaintance with the
footlights. Her first number waa the
arditl "II Bacio," Its florid passages han
dled with ease and grace.
In another genre was the second song,
the familiar "My Rosary," that was Bung
very tastefully. The third number intro
duced Miss McKinley as a composer, and
set the audience softly stamping to its
catchy measures. "Anona" is Its title,
and it is all about an Indian maid of
Arizona. The audience encored It lustily,
the singer repeating one of the verses and
afterward giving "Annie Laurie" to her
own accompaniment. She was sympa
thetically accompanied by Oscar Luck
stone in the other numbers.
READY TO GREET
CHURCH WORKERS
SAN DIEGO, July 5.— Three thousand
people to-day witnessed what was • the
nearest to a genuine bullfight that this
section of the country has ever seen.
There had been much advertising of the
exhibition and the trains on the National
City and Otay Railroad were crowded.
The bull pen, or plaza del toro. Is built in
the level country to the south of ,Tia
Juana^ proper. The ring is a little more
than 100 feet across and the Beats are ar
ranged in eight tiers.
There were four toreadors and picadors
from the City of Mexico, who have come
to the peninsula to give exhibitions of the (
kind given to-day. Three of them were in
jured in the contest and one of the in
jured, Manuel Rodriguez, a toreador,
came within about a quarter of an nich of
having his life shut off in the ring.
There were seven bulls brought into the
ring, two of which refused to take part in
the game. The others were ready to fight
the minute they were in the ring, and if a
decision was to be rendered it would have
to be in favor of the bulls. Rodriguez was
hooked in the side of the neck and seven
stitches had to be taken to close up the
wound, which missed the jugular by only
a fraction of an inch.
Francisco Cazares was hooked in the
thigh, but escaped with a scratch, though
he lost a portion of- his pink silk tights.
Antonio Gonzales was thrown "down and
injured in the hip and would have been
gored if the others had not come to his
assistance. The bull ring is built to re
main and exhibitions of the kind will be
given once a month.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Although the carnival spirit has held
full sway on the fiesta grounds for eleven
days the police had but little to do there
in. There were very few instances where
the services of an officer were required,
and these were only for minor offenses.
One of the most enterprising and suc
cessful booths at the carnival is the
country store, conducted by the Gentle
men's Charitable' Association of Alameda.
!i ais booth took In $2300, half of which will
be divided among five Alameda charities
after the expenses are deducted. An ex
press wagon load of flour, meal and other
foodstuffs that remained unsold was do
nated to the California Girls' Training
Home in Alameda and hauled there to
day. Amonsr the workers at the country
store who were on duty for eleven days
were President Arthur B. Tarpey, A. P.
Smiley, Bert L. Fisher, John F. Hanson,
Charles L. Metzger, Ludwig Warnke,
Frank W. Hally, Judge Fred S. Cone,
William B. Hlnchman, James Shanly,
William Hammond Jr. and Charles H.
Smith.
Director General Schlueter, President
F. P. McFeely and Secretary D. A. Sin
clair of the Carnival Association worked
incessantly and the fact that the btg un
dertaking resulted In a gratifying success
!a in a great measure due to the energy
anil efficiency of these officials. Outside
of these gentlemen, two others who were
always promoting and creating interest
in the carnival were Daniel J. Hallahan
and Andy Johnstone.
CHARATIES ABE BENEFITED.
Twenty-five thousand people have vis
ited the fiesta grounds since the open
ing night and have enjoyed them
selves in true Mardi Gras style. Com
pared with the carnival and street fair
held last year, which r: but seven days,
the attendance this year fell 7000 behind.
Last night saw the larce?>t crowd of the
week in the pleasure part, the turnstiles
registering 23,000 paid admissions. The
proceeds of last vear's carnival netted
$15,000. The profits of tl.e fair Just termi
nated have not yet been computed for an
nouncement. Director General Max
Schlueter and his staff of assistants were
busy to-day winding up the affairs of
the carnival, but the benefit to the fire
men will carry their labors over a few
days yet.
"We have not yet completed work on
our financial statement." said Mr.
Schlueter this evening, "and therefore
cannot say at this time how the receipts
of this year's carnival compare with those
of the one held last year. We ran seven
days last year and had 132.000 paid ad
missions. This year we ran the fair eleven
days and the paid admissions numbered
125,000. We are satisfied, however, with
the outcome.
FIGTJBES OF THE FAIR.
Director General Schlueter of the car
nival communicated with a number of
those interested with the result that man
ager J. A. Britton of the Oakland Gas,
Light and Heat Company agreed to fur
nish the lights without cost. J. L. Calla
han will furnish the services of his band
without expense. A number of the best
concessions are still In town and can be
prevailed upon to remain for two nights
more, the proceeds to go to the fund.
All of the booths are still intact and
even if some of the exhibits have been
removed the decorations are still there,
and little will be missed. Mayor Olney
was communicated with to-nicht and
gave his consent to keep the streets
closed for two days longer.
Members of Oakland Lodge of Elks and
members of the fire department have al
ready volunteered their services as spell
ers and ticket men. so that there will be
no cost in this direction. It is expected
that there will be a good sum realized
from the two nights' show. The fair will
not be kept open afternoons.
The Oakland Street Fair will be kept
open for two nights more, the entire pro
ceeds to go to the fund for the relief of
the families of Fireman Frank Parker,
who was killed, and extramen A. A.
Sicotte and D. J. Barr, who were injured
during the burning of the Arcata lodging
house.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, July 5.
BOGOTA, July 5.— In the Colombian
Senate vigorous objections to the Hay-
Herran canal treaty have been made, be
cause It does not bear the signature of
President Marroquln.
There have been stormy discussions
over this point. 1 Dr. Luis Carlos Rico,
Minister of Foreign Affairs, delivered a
two hours' address, during which he.de
clared that the treaty should not bear
the President's signature before final ap
proval.
Former President Cairo, In a speech. In
sisted that the Government should defend
the treaty and not leave the responsibil
ity to the Senate, -c— that juncture the
Senate adjourned, but the discussion is
being continued.
A Delegate In the House of Represen
tatives moved that there be preliminary
debates on the treaty question. The mo
tion was defeated by a vote of 33 to 9,
on the ground that no debates were pos
sible until the Senate had transmitted the
treaty to the House.
It is said that four members of the
House canal committee are decidedly in
favor 'of the Hay-Herran treaty, while
three are against the measure and two
are doubtful, one of whom. Is a Govern
ment partisan.
The canal campaign Is now on in earn
est and indications are that the debate
will be protracted and the decision long
delayed.
Herald Publishing: Company.
Special Cable to The Call and New York
Herald. Copyright. 1903. by the New York
Treaty Attacked Because It
Does Not Bear Marro
quin's Signature.
Tormented, Animal Drives a
Horn Into a Torea
dor's Neck.
Other Theaters Present At
tractive Bills for Their
Patrons.
Benefit for the Families of
Dead and Injured Fire
men Planned.
Flames in Forests Ad
vance on Monte Rio
and Tyrone.
•Lose Their Lives While
Trying to Stay Prog
ress of Fire.
Tragedy Caused by Despon
dency Over Business
Reverses.
Disasters Attend Sport
in a Ring Near Sari
Diego.
Vigorous Discussions in
the Senate of Co
lombia.
Masanosuko Kato At
tempts Murder and
Commits Suicide.
Niece of Late President
Makes a Great Hit
atOrpheum.
Carnival to Remain Open
to Public for Two
Evenings.
GREAT FIRE
APPROACHES
THE RESORTS
TWO MEN DIE
IN A PACKING
HOUSE BLAZE
CANAL DEBATES
GROW STORMY
BULL FIGHTERS
SUFFER INJURY
AUDIENCE CHEERS
MABEL M'KINLEY
FAIR WILL AID
THE SUFFERERS
SLASHES WIFE,
KILLS HIMSELF
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY 6, 1903.
Fred W., Atkinson, who for three years
has been general superintendent" of - pub
lic instruction in the Philippines, is: on
his way home and will Join the Columbia
University instructors to give a course
on the Philippines Islands ' ' ¦[ V
The commercial relations of the Alba
nians are principally with Venice. The
Turkish Government gives the Italians
the right to maintain postofflces In the
cities: of Albania and Albania has im
port and export agents in Italy and a
bank In Venice. •
Mrs. Kate Rosengrave, who lived in the
rear of 1741 Mission street, was seen to
stumble and fall while entering a wood
shed yesterday afternoon by Robert
Faulds, a neighbor. Faulds summoned
Dr. Sasswell. who pronounced life ex
tinct. The police were notified, and De
tective Whitakcr was detailed on the
case, but he came to the conclusion that
death was from natural causes and so
notified the Morgue. The deceased was 60
years of age and a widow. Her son is
employed in the street sweeping depart
ment '
Di«d From Natural Causes.
• A Western politician is authority for
the' following story: Mark Hanna once
gave a banauet In Ohio to fifty "farmers.
The dessert was to be twenty-flve luscious
Georgia watermelons. The day before
the dinner Mr. Hanna had the melons
plugged and poured a pint of champagne
into each : melon, then placed, them on
ice. After the dinner each farmer ; got
half a melon. They began t. -ting them.'
winked at each other, looked wise and
before the affair was over every farmer
was supping the seeds into his vest
pocket.
One of the masters In a German school
recently. addressed the following query to
the fathers of twenty-one of his - pupils;
whose ages range from .14 to 15:- "Will
you allow your son to : smoke ¦ and drink
during the two days', gymnastic excur
sion?" .; Ten parents | replied : that: on '. no
account , were their, boys to smoke, while
eleven , answered that , they * might , do so.
In j regard to drinking, all but one of the
Barents >replled that they would' allow iU
Thomas O. Williams, saloon-keeper, 523^
Pacific street took John W. Hayes, a sol
dier, to the Central police station yester
day morning and accused him before the
police of having stolen his gold-filled
watch, valued at $5. Policeman Dough
erty searched Hayes* pockets and found
the watch, and Hayes was booked at the
City Prison on a charge of grand larceny.
Williams said that Hayes deliberately
took his watch out of his pocket, un
hooked it from the chain and ran out of
the saloon. Williams pursued and cap
tured him with the help of one of Morse's
patrolmen.
Accused of Stealing a Watch.
7
ADVERTISEMENTS.
— ...-¦¦¦¦
Salt Rheum. Ringworm, Itch,
Acne or other skin troubles,
promptly relieved and cured by
This scientific germicide, which
is harmless, cures by killing:
A] **>*«* germs. Used and
endorsed by the medical
§ profession everywhere. Sold
by leading druggists. If not
at yours, send 25 cents for a
trial bottle. The genuine bears
my signature. Accept no
substitutes. Address
Cr I /*(}~*4—ti t..rii Pri«a Street,
HUV MSy^Tfij^ *• Y»rk.
wmr %- / V« Inable Booklet on tfca
w * mm> itreatjMewt cr dlirain,
It5i>?; ADVERTISEMENTS.
11 v soups I
l^p v ™fot^rak s a g 00^ dinner that
j^||are^?JEg begins with a good soup.
J^w^^^ct^Il Soups often lack richness
(llPW ® J3 ? an^ delicacy of flavor, a
ifii^k au^ eas^y remc died by
using a m teaspoonful of
LEA & PERKINS
SAUCE
THE ORIGINAL WORCESTERSHIRE.
Add it to oyster stews, fish, salads, chops, pot-au-fcu,
meats hot or cold, game, rarebit, macaroni, etc.
JOHN DUNCAN'S SONS, Agenu, NEW YORK.THE SANFBANCISCO CALL, MOKDAY, JULY 6, 1903.
8
HELP WAHTED — MALE— Con..
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
020 Sacramento st.
Phone Main 1191.
SPECIALS— SHIP TO-DAY*
OREGON— OREGON. '
12 coal miners, fare paid, $1 ton.
FREE FARE.
20 coal miners: big wages; Oregon.
FREE FARE— FEE $1.
S. P. R. R. Co.'b own work.
500 section and extra gang men all over the
State — north, east and south— on the different
divisions; call and s»e us; we'll tell you.
Free Fare— Shia To-day on All Trains.
BOSS HERE TO-DAY— COME SEE HIM.
BUTTE CO.— CHICO— FEE $1.^
25 2-horse teamsters, $B7 50; 25 4-horse
teamsters, $73: 25 laborers. $67 50; 2o muck-
1 ers. $67 50; 23 rockmen, $75; 25-woodchop-
. pers and right of way men. $67 50.
Fee $1 — Boss Here.
BOSS HERE TO-DAY.
12 rough carpenters. Senator -Clark s new
R. R. to Riverside; long Job; $82 50 found,
part fare free.
SAWMILL CO.— NORTHEAST— BY JTR.
2 head Dolbeer men. $90; 4 log loaders. $(*>; 4
spool tenders, $C0; 8 buckers, $55; 2 lu mb « r
graders, $3 day; circular saw flier and mill-
wright, $3 60 day; log pond man. $2 25; mill
log deck man. $2; carriage setter. $3 day;
carriage dogger, $2 25; offbearer, $2 25; edg-
erman, $3; edg»rman's h*i&er, $2; man on the
4 hog, $2; slab sawyer, $2:' trimmer, $2 50;
¦ ' second trimmer. $2; fireman. $2; edgerman;
on the above jobs the boss is here: come see
htm; 10 laborers, Tuolumne Co.. $1 50 fare.
$2 day: 20 lumber pliers, $40 found, cheap
fare; 60 laborers, large sawmill company, re-
duced fare, Humboldt Co., $35 found.
• MINES. ETC.
250 miners, hand work, some 8-hour shifts,
all over State. $2 to $3 day; 2 machiners,
Al Job, $90; 300 laborers, carmen and muck-
ers, all over. $G0 to $75; 2 furnace men, $65;
4 surface laborers, jood mine, $32 60 found.
MISCELLANEOUS— FARMS. ETC.
8 laborers, new work. $2 25 day: 5 scraper
teamsters, 4-horse. $1 75 day found; farmer
and wife, north, $70 found; milker and wife,
Colusa Co., $30 found; 5 farmers, $30 found,
boss here; 3 milkers, $35 and $40 found;
choreman, $20 found.
COOKS, ETC.
Cook, camp, $60 tound; cook. 10 boarders,
$35 found: cook, private family, $25 found;
2 waiters, sawmill, half fare. $30 founds ••>
waiters, $25 to $40 found; dishwashers, etc.
For a square deal call and see us early; also".
get a list of Jobs.
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
620 Sacramento st.
PHONE MAIN 1101
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S, Employment Agts
429 Bush st 642 Clay st.
Hello. Grant 1S5.
SHIPPING DAY TO-DAY— FREE FARE—
FOR CASPAR TUNNEL. Mendoclno Co.
FOR CHATSWORTH PARK. L. A. Co.
FOR WILLITS. Mendoclno Co.
FOR MARIN and ALAMEDA Counties.
FOR RYNDON. State of Nevada.
For Co. work, different divisions, Cal.
Machine drillers, tunnelmen. muckers, drill -
> ers, teamsters, laborers, extra gangs. /
Wages $1 70, $2 25, $2 50. $3.
FOR CHICO— Laborers. $2 25. fare $2 SO.
Harvesters, haymakers, farmers, milkers.
$30-$50; farmers and wives, waiters and
wives, $40-$K0; cook, mining boarding-house,
$70; cooks, $40-$7O; waiters, country hotels.
$30; dlrh and pot washers, yardmen, bell
boys, $15-$3O; waiters, $30; 2 hostlers, coun-
try hotel stables, $35 and free fare; ironers.
country hotel, $35; mangle boys, $20, free
fare; waffieman, $40, country hotel, free fare.
i C. R. HANSEN & CO., Employment Agency,
420 Bush st 642 Clay st.
A TUNNEL foreman who understands timber-
Ing, $4 a day, free fare; 2 hostlers, country
hotel stables, $35 and found, free fare. C.
R. HANSEN & CO.. 429 Bush st.
ELECTRICIAN and fire with oil. $50 and
board; help hall waiter. $30. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO.. Bush st.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express or
mall charges.- 11 Third st.. Examiner bldg.
WANTED— For the U. S. Marine Corps, able-bod-
led. unmarried men. between 21 and 35; good
character; must speak, read and write Eng-
lish; marines serve at sea on men-of-war In
all parts of the world, on land in our island
possessions, and at naval stations In the
Untted States. Apply at recruiting office, 40
Ellis St.. San Francisco. Cal.; 222^ N. Main
st. Los Angeles. Cal., and 401 K St., Sacra-
mento, Cal.
WANTED — Laborers, drilltra. rockmea and
rough carpenters for ditch and fiuma work.
Apply at office, Placervllle. Cal.. or room 14,
28 Montgomery st.. San Francisco Coostruc-
tlon Co. '
PICK hops In August; enjoyable, healthful and
very profitable outing for men, women and
children. Call or write to E. CLEMENS
HORST CO.. 122 Battery St.. San Francisco.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 pet
pair; foot-form shoes at $2 SO cr orthopedia
shoes. $3 SO; best shoes on earth. 11 Third
St.. Examiner building. 5 doom from Market.
MEN to learn barber trade; only requires two
months to complete and secure positions;
catalogue and full particulars mailed free.
Moler System Barber College, 635 Clay st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
ru.is Denver House. 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 SO to $3 per week.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express or
mall charges. 11 Third st.. Examiner bldg.
WANTED — Elderly man; light woodwork and
polishing. Box 1931, Call office.
WANTED — Solicitors of ability; good pay. Call
. 609 Adams building. Sutter and Kearny sts.
BARBER shop for sale cheap. 731 Mission
St.. near Third. '
WANTED — Men to learn barber trade; cata-
logue. - S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard.
60 QUARRYMEN, 10 rock drillers. $2 and $2 23
a day. 230 Montgomery st., room 61.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
THREE laborers. pick_and shovel; -14th ave.
and N St.. south; take Kentucky-st. cars.
600 MEN to buy new and.2d-hand army shoes,
50c up; soling cheap. 923 Howard st.. nr. 3th.
PENSION atty. E. A. Bullls. room 40. Phelan
bldg. Past Com. Oeo.H. Thomas Post.Q.A.R.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half-
prlce. 563 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to COc. 563 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms. 33c night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
[CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
j received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1C96
Valencia at. %
HORSES AXP WACOM.
60 HEAD of fresh dairy cows for sale at $70
per bead. Address THOS. A. McCOY. Gon-
zales, Monterey Co.. Cal.
ON account of going to build, entire stock of
wagons, buggies and harness must be sold at
sacrifice. Corner 13th and Valencia sts.
RARE chance; 7 good horses; must be sold.
327 Sixth st.
FOR eale— 33 bead milch cows. JOHN SE-
CREST. Stockton. Cal. .
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping wagon
and gocart for sale cheap. S32 Mission st.
BOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list of houses to let: send for
circular. O.H.UMBSEN & CO..H Montgomery.
BEFORE moving get our printed list of houses
- to let. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 25 Post at.
HOUSES FURNISHED— FOR SALE.
ELEGANT new flat. 10 rooms: a snap; no
agents. : Box 1099. . Call office.
LIVFIIIY STABLES.
'.OMKINSON'S livery stables. 57-59-81 Minna
St., bet 1st and 2d — Vehicles of every) de-
scription for hire at most reasonable .rates;
cut rates for strangers. Telephone Main 153.
LOST AXD FOU.XD. . r / (
LOST — In Oakland, a purse containing $5 green-
back. 4 diamond rings; $30 reward. Return
to 1221 Linden et.. Oakland.
FEMALE St. Bernard lost June 2S. Telephone
Page G02C; liberal reward. .
LOST — Boston terrier: white and brlndle;
name Fudge: reward. Return 1524 Broadway.
IT will pay to -•'Remember'.'- that the California
Watch Case Co., 22O - Sutter St.. needs old
gold and silver to make new watrh cases.
MEDICAL. — —
MRS. DR WYETH^ specialist for all female
complaints; Instant relief guaranteed; 30
years' experience. 728 Post St., near Jones.
MRS. DR.' KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and irregularities; instant re-
licf guaranteed. ~ 1008^ Market St.. opp. 3th;
DR. G.W.' O'DONNELL— AH who are sick or
•in, trouble consult*. thus specialist on female
complaints; positively, corrected; the unfor-
tunate helped; the most difficult cases treat-
ed; advice free. Office, 1018 Market St. '
Drs. Goodwin. 733 Turk, nr.' Van Ness— Expert
U la obstetrics, female comp.; 25 yra expcr*nce;
.MEDICAL- — Continued.
DR. ROSENS 2M5 Folsom'/cor. 26th— Ladles'
exclusive office and home where relief, is ob-
tained in all cases taken; consultation free.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1113 Marfcet— Reliable ladies'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical carg^low fees.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS,
original methoj of treatment. 1126^ Market st.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 319 Powell St.. opposite
Union square: all diseases cured by herbs. .
MISCELLANEOUS KUK SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WCLPMAN, 1S)5-1»7 Fremont st.
ALL our goods delivered on first payment; you
can buy from us diamonds, watches, jewelry,
sealskins, men's tailor-Marie clothing, trunks
suit cases, on a very small weekly payment;
no interest chirged: it will pay you to ex*
amine our goods and prices: established 1S0O
LJCHTENSTEIX BROS.. 23 Stockton St. *
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair it with Elaterite; In rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating; good over old
Iron, tin or shingles; best for new roof3
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market »tl
SECOND-HAND machinery, boilers, engines,
pumps, water pipe, bought, sold, rented an. I
exchanged. Se« Sunday's papers. H.S.WHITK
MACHINERY COMPANY. 13O-132 Beale st.
ONE Dow pump. 16-inch steam cylinder 12-
inch water cylinder. 24-Inch stroke. Apply
at engine room. Fair building. Pine St., near
Sansome.
A— FINE suits. $7 50; dress pants. $3 50. Orig-
inal Misfit Clothing Parlors, 238 Kearny st..
near Bush: cpen to 9 p. m. .Sunday to noon.
A— $3 50 DERBY and fedora hats. $1 73. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. SCO Kearny St.. near
Pine; epen till » p. m. Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
CALIFORNIA motor bicycle to trade for wood-
working machinery; as good as new. Box
1938. Call offlc*.
FOR sale — Showcases and counters. Apply
2200 Fillmore. «
MOVING picture film and song slides, 1»
Montgomery st.
SAFES — New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
& CO.. 122 Market «t.
All bargains; camp stools & chairs, hammocks,
metal beds, mattresses.J.F.Hotter,712 Mission
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, moving
picture machines, films. Bacigalupl. 933 Mkt.
BOILERS, eng!ne»,pumps.plpe.beltln?r.s}iaft!njr.
pulleys.etc. SUGARMAN BRO3..S49 Howard.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches,
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st.
SAFES — -New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento, st.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters; ail
makes. ALEXANDER & CO.', 110 Montg'y.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-han4'tnov1ng pie-.
tnres. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED — Old pictures of Cecrea Washing-
ton. Jefferson. Adams, Napoleon, etc.; high-
est prices paid; send name of engraver and
publisher on picture: by malf only. GEO.
L.' GOODMAN, 2180 Sutter st.. San Francisco.
' TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical good3. 154 Oth st.; tel. Jessie 2851.
$5000 WORTH cast-off clothing wanted: highest
price raid. 322 Grant ave.; tel. Red 3932.
JHONEY TO LOAN.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY.
601-602-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointment.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property in trust,
; etc.; legacies. life estates and undivided in-
terests in property purchased.
• Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
Bee HERMAN MURPHY.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE, 103 Grant »ve..
LOANS FROM $1 to $10,000.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rates. Btldwin Jewelry Store. 844
Market St., tel. Main 1644. Branch. 19 Third.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments: largest business la
46 principal cities. Tolrnan, 523 Parrott bids.
A — 1 per cent on funlture or piano: no removal:
no commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick,
quiet, confidential. 28 Montgomery st..rm. 7.
AT cut rates on real estate, furniture or piano;
no commission. E. W. LICK, 1003 Mu:u*i
Sav. Bk. bid.. 703 Market; phone Main 810.
S. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY— Loans to salaried
people on their note.
The TOUSLEY CO 143 Phelan bldg.
MO>»EY to loan on low Interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones, bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
BEST renting piano in city for $3 per month.
SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 0«0 Hayes st.
GOOD names; 1% on furniture. 2d mortgage;
any security. S02 Montgomery st.. rm. 10.
1% ON furniture A pianos; $15 up; no removal;
V. TREMAIN. room 81. «J Eddy ut.. floor 4.
ALL loans on diamonds and jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 53S Kearny.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
salaried employes. R. 311 Mutual Sav. Ek. bid.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
Indorser. MORRELL. 600 Examiner bldg.
HONEY WASTED.
WANTED— $7000 on $14,000 worth of San
. Franclaco business property at 6^> p«r cent
interest; paid monthly. Eox 1086. Call.
MCSICAX|INSTnrMENTS.
A FEW snap* delected from 200; all reduced on
account of summer season for June. July:
3 Checkering $SS. $97. $135
2 Emerson $93. $US
2 Heine $235, $CS»
2 Stelnway. small & large uprtght.$lS5, $3S3
New pianos from .$137 up
25 Squares from $13 up
Piano Players, $90 up; rents reduced to $3
up. apply on purchase; Installments. on«-
tenth down, two years to pay balanc*.
HEINE PIANO CO.. 233-237 Geary st; td.
Main '5744.
STEINWAT upright, left by private partyl
$165; great bargain. 237 Geary st. "
BARGAINS! BAP.GAINS! BARGAINS!
A good piano; good for practice 9 S3
On« a little better; a snap 120
Standard; oak case; splendid order 14O
Sterling; mahogany case: $350 style.... 2M>
Vose; walnut case; flcs condition 235
Vose; faahogajsy case; fln« condition.... 243
New pianos, manufacturers' samples, in
mahogany and walnut: guaranteed 183
UENJ. CI7RTAZ & SON. ltf-20 OTarrell it.
x No Branches In San Franclaco.
BUY your piano now and begin payment when
you return from your vacation. By this
means you secure the benefit of our reduced
prices. Large stock, deslrabla- goods and
easy payment. THE ZENO MAUVAI3
MUSIC CO.. 7C0 Market «t.
BAND Instruments; F. Besson, Paris, maker;
Gus Malwald. Agt. Pac. Coast. 278 O*F»rreH ;
skillful repairing: 2d-hasd Instruments sold.
MAGNIFICENT Knabe. 3-sedal upright plan*
at great lobs; leaving city. 920 CFarrea st.
BARGAIN: good upright; must b» sold at
once. SCIIMITZ & CO.. 10 McAllister st.
— —^— — .
SOHMER, Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecillan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 303-312 Post st.
EUPERlort violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham plaec.
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO., 931 Market St.—
Steck.Everett. Lurfwig anJ other good pisnoa.
urFICES AND STOKES TO • l.igT.
STORE with basement, below Kearny «t. $4(1.
Owner. 6.16 Clay st.
PEKSOXALS.
WE would like to put a copy of The Advertis-
ing World Into the hands of ev«ry p*rson who
keeps any kind of a store; every newspaper
man,- every advertising writer, every person
Interested in business of any kind; we send
sample copies free on request, and the paper
usually makes friends for Itself at first sight.
It .sn't made to be pretty, but to be helpful—
' and Us circulation of 'J3.C0O (btrsest of ita
class In the world> shows that It la helpful.
May we have your address? The Advertising
World, Columbu3, Ohio.
A^-FACIAL BLEMISHES REMOVED. T~"
Wrinkles, yellow and flabby skin.btrthmarks,
smallpox pitting* and scan scientifically r«>
moved without cutting, massas?. electricity or
medicine: special demonstrations this week.
Call or wrif DR. L. WILL1AMS.371 Geary.
MORPHINE, opium and laudanum habits cured
at home by a painless home treatment; In-
dorsed and used by leading physicians; corre-
spondence strictly confidential; in plain, sealed
envelope; call or write to-day. India Drur
Cure. 201 Turk »t. : Bruce D. Klmmls. Mar.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, im-
proves Its growth; stops falling, cures dandruff
and itchtnc scalp: no stain or stickiness;
¦ cleanses scalp: at druggists', hairdressers' ; ac-
cept no substitute. ScarReraedyCo..o85 CeaSy.
NOT how cheap, but how good. I* the motto of
the • manufacturers of the kapid Rotary
-Standard, the sewltg-machlne \>t to-day. .».
W. EVANS, agent. 1021 Market gt.
10 CTS.; specimen copy Scientific Marriage.
'Address Scientific Marriage. •_uu Keaxoy •*•
HELP WANTED— FEMALE— Con. ~\
AT OUR NEW FACTORY, 1873 MISSION ST..
NE5AR FIFTEENTH SEWING MACHINE
OPERATORS ON OVERALLS WANTED:
» INEXPERIENCED PAID SALARY WHILE
LEARNING :OPERATORS AND RIVETERS
ALSO V.' ANTED AT OUR MAIN FACTORY,
32^ FREMONT ST. LEVI STRAUSS Sc CO.
APPLY TO MR. DAVIS.
. 3ZZZZ ¦ * : -
GIRLS TO LEARN ON SHIRTS AND OVER-
ALLS; A STATED AMOUNT GUARAN-
TEED. STANDARD SHIRT FACTORY,
COR. GOUGH AND GROVE STS.
PICK hops In August; enjoyable, healthful and
very profitable outing for >nen, women and
children. Call or write K. CLEMENS
HORST CO.. 122 Battery s' . San Francisco.
GIRL to care for two children. 601 Natoma
street. ' ¦¦ ¦
WANTED — Experienced bindery girls. Apply
SANBORN, VAIL & CO., 741 Market et.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmor*.
I A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
' Valencia st. '
HELP AVANTED— MALE.
MURRAY &. READY.
(334 and 636 Clay 6t.
PHONE MAIN 5848. PHONE MAIN 534S.
. Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
¦ - THIS IS.WHAT
MADE US FAMOUS.
WE KNOW NO DISTINCTION BETWEEN
MAN AND MAN.
YOU ARE ALL EQUAL. .
YOU ARE ALL WELCOME.
JD02 We Gave . 1003 We'll Glv»
45.000 Men Work. . 60,000 Men Work.
WE SHIP YOU FREE TO ONE.
FREE TO-DAY. FREE TO ALL.
Ogden, Utah, All Parts Nevada,
Los Angeles County, Santa Barbara,
Chatsworth Park, Hawaiian Islands,
Santa Susana, • Oregon,
San Fernando, Washington,
Los Angeles County, Central America,
Arizona. ... Wlllits, Ukiah,
AND ALL POINTS NORTH. EAST, SOUTH.
INCLUDING OGDEN, UTAH.
Carpenters and helpers, pile drivers, fence
builders, drillers, single, double and machine
men; corner and bench hand?, muckers,
chuck tenders, car dumpers, teamsters, la-
borers, track men, cooks, waiters, engineers, '
blacksmiths, etc., $5, $4, J3 50, $3, *2 50 and
(2 a day.
Free Fare. Free Fare. . Free Fare. ¦
Everybody Talking. Thousands Going.
ARE YOU? S ARE YOU? ARE YOU?
., MURRAY & READY,
« (34 and C36 Clay st.
TO-DAY. MANAGER OF MINES. .
At our office from 9 a. m.*; your railroad- fare
advanced.
12 machine miners, $70 and found.
(J tlmbermen, $70 and found. .' • ¦¦
14 single and double hand drillers, $63 and
found.
18 muckers, $62 and found. '"¦'¦ •"- w
20 laborers, no experience required, $60 and
fcund.
MURRAY & READY, CT4-630 Clay st.
SEE \GENERAL MANAGER FROM BUTTE
To-flay at our office; SI to Butte, that's all.
10j laborers, teamstnrs, drillers, muckers,
men to clear right of way, axmen, etc., $73
P«r month. .
( MURRAY & READ!'. 634-636 Clay st.
™ f£5£? T J ED STATES SENATOR
CLARK'S NEW GREAT RAILROAD.
MANAGER NOW AT OUR OFFICE
Lf> carpenters, any rough carpenter can fill
the bill. $105 month, your R. R. fare paid.
Down Among the Orange Groves
MURRAY & READY. 634-036 Clay gt.
GOLQ. SILVER. ~ •
MINES- C ° PPEK AN ° C ° AL
TO THE QUARRIES AND TUNNELS
264 laborers for mines, etc.. $60 to $75 and
found; 193 miners and muckers, drillers, sin-
gle, double and machine men, furnace "men.
bench, corner men. etc.. $05, $S5, $00- lo-
cated everywhere. Laborers need no expe-
rience. .
MURRAY, & READY. 634-636 Clay. st.
ARE YOU A MECHANIC? ~~
MECHANICAL HELP. '
85 blacksmiths and helpers, located every-
where, for shops and factories, foundries,
mines, ranches, railroad camps, sawmills,
"woods, dredgers, etc. ; some shoeing some -
without, $4, $3 00, $3, $2 50 a day; many by'
the month and found.
15 coopers, lime barrels, lie and 10c each.
.5- carriage painters, $90; 3 helpers on car-
riages.
All-round blacksmith.- fare $2 60. $3 day.. •'
• Blacksmith, sawmill. ?50 and' found.
3 blacksmith helpers, city wagon works. $2
day.
Blacksmith, city -wagon shop, $3 day.
Man load bricks on cars.
2 brlckmolders, 50c fare. $3 50 a day.
Handy man about machinery, factory. 15c
fare. $2 day.
Tinner, factory, fare 20c. $3 a day.
Blacksmith, orchard), boss here. $40 found.
2 carpenters. El Dorado County. $.1 50 day.
12 bench hands and paperera. fare $1. $2 25
and $3 50 day; 4 gardeners.
¦ Teamster, haul wood- $40 found.. j VV;
Prlnter, 30c fare. $10 week.
MURRAY fc READY. 634-630 Clay st.
CARPENTERS.
191 carpenters for all parts of California,
Nevada. ; Utah. Arizona and . Oregon, . $4,
$3 75. $3 GO, $3 25. .$3 a day. many by the
month and* found.; to build houses, barns,
sheds, fences, concrete forms and boxes, re-
pair-on ranches. -> dairies, bridge and:, ship
builders, about mines, sawmills and woods,
flumes, bench work. Come and see.
MURRAY & READY. 634-63G Clay st. ,
.155 COAL - ~~YOUR OREGOnJ
155 MINERS/ FARK OREGON.
REPAID. ;
GREAT MINING SYNDICATE IN OREGON.
MURRAY & READY. 034-630 Clay st.
BIG BATCH OF JOBS. ."'. :"M '
On Midnight Mall, Telegraph and Phone.
; LOOK CAREFULLY. .'
2 boys, learn upholstering trade, city, $6 : wk.
Helper, dining-room, Government Job, $25
and -found.
Gardener, millionaire's residence, fare $1, $60.
First and second cooks, springs hotel, boss
here. $195.
• Blacksmith and two helpers, city camp, $50
and $35 and. found. ¦ -¦'«.-.
Head tree feller, fare $2." $50 and found.
Second tree feller, fare $2, $40 and found.
2 boys, learn carriage painting, $4 to $5 wk.
; Cook and wife, sawmill, Oregon, free fare. '
:3 handy men." few tools, mills In Oregon, free
.^.fare. • ¦• - . ¦ ;-¦ - -. , . ¦¦ <•¦¦ -,..'¦.
3 milkers.* San '. Jose, $35 and found.
2 brick molders. boss here, fare 50c, $3 50.
Porter, beer • hall, : $20 . and found; carriage
- painter. $55 and found;. stableman, city camp,
..$.15 and found.. • . . .: .. -
Walter, .mining town, $35 and found.'
Cook and dishwasher, .Monterey County,' $70
and found." -. ¦' ¦ '¦- ¦ - - - - y, • _
: OREGON— FREE FARE, j
•¦ 2rt , woods . and , mill '- men, $35 : to (8Q/and ¦ f d.
f>« .woods and milL laborers. Eureka, $40 fd.
. Foreman. . tunnelmen. for. Butte. 1
. 8 tunnelmen for , Butte. .. '
3 machinists,' wine. company,' fare $3 50, $10
and found. . - : . ¦ . - :- . .-- .•¦:
.Cook, 7 men,- ranch, 75c fare, .$30 and found.-
2 miners.; 3 muckers. ¦ $82 BO and $00, '- fare $1.
3 woodchoppers for'mlne,'. fare $1, Si 50 cord.
?>5 laborers, ; board In hotels, 14 . miles, . $60. v
25 shingle and bolt makers, . free fare, $35 fd.
niacksmlth.- mining company., $67.60 ami fd.
Machine men'for drifting. mine,' south. $73 fd."
12 four-horse i teamsters, t fare $2, $75. v •
. Truckman.* also blacksmith and . planer man.
- country sawmill, free « fare, : $45, $50 and $50
' and. found;. boss. here. -.»¦. „.
¦-. 2 -machinists, • one -lather, one planer hand,
sawmill, free 'fare, $50 and found.
.-Plasterer,- $5'50 a- day.
Cook. ., 15 men, sawmill. .. $45 . and found. .
""2 teamsters..- sawmill company,- $35 and found.
Farmer and wife, ; Shasta County, boss here.
' $50'and f'""-r". -..;-,
NEW . JOB AT • MINE.
. 0 muckers. $60: 5 miners $75: /are. ' 14.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
.Call, corner Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
. BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street,
comer Clay; cnen until 9:30 p. rn.
. 300 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
' C39 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
. f.15 Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. in.
1S41 Mission street : open until 10 p. m.
' "2261 Market etrcet, corner Sixteenth; open
• until 9 p. m.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia street: open until 9 P. m.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second find Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
2200 Fillmore street; optn until 9 p. m.
BIEETIXG NOTICES. '
ASYLUM of Golden Gate Commandery . -f.
No. ltt. K. T-. «25 Sutter pt. — stated "J43JT
assembly THIS EVENING at 8 LJ
o'clock. All fraters are courteously
invited. By order of t!ie Commander.
THHO. FROLICH. Recorder.
6AN Frantfsco Chapter No. 1. Royal ni
¦ - Arch Masons. me«<is THIS EVENING.
Business and M. M. degree. /<tj+\
If. G. PRINCE. Secretan-. / >*
HERMANN Lodge No. 127. F. and A. ¦
M.— Stated im--ting THIS DAY (Mon-
•lay). July 6, l»0S. at S o'clock p. m.
. By order of the W. M. / -V *
L. SCHUMACHER. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Lo<ice No. 1. I. O.
n F. —Installation of officers
MONDAY EVENING. July 6.
Members attend. Visitors we!- 7**?*L
jconie. J. A. McHEXRY. >.. G.
I'NITY Lodee No. 131. I. O. O. F.
Installation 1 i officers next §jj?2!»C^ii
TUESDAY EVENING. July 7. -P^ZS^
C. E. W. SCHUBERT. N. G. " la
W. R. LINDSAY. R. g.
H ERM A NN Lodge. Na i«. I. O.
... F\_SpeciaI meeting Si*>wNac
NTSDAY, July S, 1903. Officers
and members are hereby notified vfl»w
that a special meeting of above lodge has
h^en called for WEDNESDAY EVENING.
• Jul - S. at K o'clock, sharp, for the purpose cf
the public installation of the officers for th«
ensuing term. Memorial Hall, third floor I.
O. O. F. building. Sojourning bit>thers are
cordially invited.
SHXiFRIEP COHX. Secretary.
THE regular monthly x'jilsiS^trt—
of California Pioneers 1 *VWi'!i'^£3cJi)S
will i- held MONDAY f^ i Ttfftt3?S!*t£f
attendance is requested.
J. I. SPEAR. Secretary.
TO the Officers and Members a m,,\ ¦ >v
«.f the Riggers' ari S:ove-
dores' Union Association — f2S*2?lC?5?I=:
You are hereby notified to ¦' »' m <G«r^
atjer.d the regular meeting of this associa-
tion TO-MORROW (MONDAY) NIGHT.
July 6. et 7:30 o'clock. Business of Kreat
importance to ccme before the association.
• By order of
4 THOMAS F. BRYANT. President.
• HENRY JEND. Recordir* Secretary.
KOTICE cf meeting. — The regular quarterly
meeting of the directors of The Bank of Cali-
fornia will be held at the bankins-fccu«e. 400
California street. San Francisco, cr; TUES-
DAY. July 14. 1903. at 3 o'clock p. m. The
transfer bocks for the transfer of utock will
close on Tuesday, July 7. 1903, at 3 o'clock
p. m., and will reopen on Wednesday, July
1", at 9 o'clock a. m. By order of the board.
ALLEN 31. CLAY. Secretary.
•NOTICE TO STOCKHOLDERS OF THE
BANK OF CALIFORNIA— NOTICED IS
• HEREBY GIVEN that a special meeting of
the stockholders of the Bank of California,
hereby called by the President thereof, will
be held at No. 400 California street, the
bar.king-bous* of said bank, in the City and
County of San Francisco. State of Callfor-
.. r.ia, en WEDNESDAY, the lith day of July,
1'ju2, at the hour of half-past three o'clock
In '.!'..-• aiternoon cf said day. for the pur-
r>*e cf considering and deciding what dis-
position shall be made of the new or in-
creased capital stork of said bank that may
be authorized by> said stockholders on said
day, and of providing how, to whom, when
and at what price and under what conditions
eaid new or increased capital stock may be
sold, and for the purpose of authorizing and
directing the Board of Directors of Eaid
Li'.r.k what to do in the premises.
WILLIAM ALVORD.
as President of the Bank of California.
r>ated July 1. 1903.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived application to mine by hydraulic pro-
cess from W. S. Kerr, in Old Stiff Gravel
Mine, neir Vallecita. Caiaveras County,
Cal.. draining into Wades Gulch Creek,
" -which reachea Stanislaus River, gives notice
. that a meeting will be held at r»om 96.
Flood Building. San Francisco, Cal., . July
20. 1903, at. 1:30 p. m. •
THE annual meeting of the San Francisco So-
ciety for the Prevention of Cruelty to Ani-
mals will be held in the Parrott building on
Monday, Ju!y 20, 1903, at 4 o'clock p. m..
when a board of trustees will b« elected.
C. B. HOLBROOK. Secretary.
ASTROLOGY.
Retumed — Prof. Raymond; astrology' taught:
horoscopes cast fcy mail if desired. C49 Ellis.
ATTOItXEYS AT LAW.
KOBT. W. KING, atty-at-law. Examiner bid..
rm. Cll; all caws, damages, estates, wills,
attachments, collections, etc. ; consultation
Tree; no advance charges; call or write; even-
irgs by appointment. Tel. Red CCC1.
ADVICE fre*— i will advance cost In meritori-
ous cases, divorces, probate acd all other lair
cases; no fee* in advance: open every even-
• Ing. J. M. THURSTON. 819 Market St.. r. 31.
ADVICE fre«; divorces a epecialty;quick,qulet;
bo charge without success: established 15 yrs.
G. V7. HOWE. 1122 Market St.. opp. Hate's.
AITKEN & AITKEN. attorneys, rs. 309-10-11
Clucie bldr- 603 California st.; teL Main 727.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful; all
caces; open evjrs. W.W.Davidson. 927 Market.
L. S. CLARK. Ertma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket «t.: tfn«u!taticn free: no fees in advance.
BOAJIDIXG FOR CKILDHEX.
WAXTED — Home for girl 3 years of age;
Btste price. liox 2519. Call office.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
$20.000 — SAIX>OX. the best, the largest, or a
jjanner for $10.c00 in sam«.
$.;,*o<> — Splendid corner saloon on O'Farrell
st. worth while to look after.
*9uO— Saloon on Steuart st.
2 old. reliable corner groceries with bar.
$4(KX> each; wortny price for experienced grocer.
FRED ' J SCHMIDT. 26 Montgomery st.
THIS is a genuine bargain and worth Investi-
gating — J10C0 buys the Cypress Villa, the
beet -paying hotel in San Rafael; splendid
furniture; rent only $00; long lease if de-
eired. For lull particulars. CROKER &
CO.. ifal estate agents, 137 Montgomery st.,
room 23: also a restaurant for $t»00; rent
fc;:r.. including 8 rooms; Easw city.
$3O00 — PARTNER wanted manufacturing
business; well established: 350 customers ;$4Oo
profit mo. Luttermann & Co., 919 Mkt., 4. 54.
fl25— RELIABLE man for permanent place;
pays $75 per month; experience not required;
short hours; light work. lOltt Market, r. 10.
FOR sale or exchange, city real estate old
lumber, coal feed business; long lease. "Pro-
prietor. 2M» Mission it., near Twenty- fourth.
SirrfXi WILL buy a cigar store up to date, well
stocked: lens lease; transfer corner; rent
$32 50; fine opportunity. Address M. A., Call.
DAIRY with everything complete,, including 21
yuung cows and 3 horses, wagons and all the
business for sale. Address or send orders
by mall to GEORGE PAXAIOTIS, San Le-
andro. Cal.
FOR SALE — At u. bargain, an established gro.
eery business in Maria County; inust be cold
»i;lin the next ten days. . for particulars
call at room 6, Wilklns block. San Ka-
lael. Cal.
FOR 6sle — Corner saloon; two years lease;
good business at a sacrifice; no agents
Box 1S82. Call office.
$100 — GRAND bargain; restaurant; rent JJO
220C California nt.
SALOON stiil grocery: daily $25; rent $30; 4
furr. LUTTEKMAXN &. CO.. 916 Mkt.. r. M.
KALOON for eale: cheap if taken before 15tb
inst. • Owner. 45 Van Ness a\e.
EAKEItY and celicacy *:or* for eale; must be
told: owner going away. 713 McAllister at.
AN outnide route for »ale.' Apply Call office. '
CLASSIFIED advertisements and isubicriptioris
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been* established at 1036
Valencia ct. ¦
. LOUGIXG-UOISE8 FOIl SALE..
100 ROOMS; house for men: rent $140 $4000
58 rooms; tenth of Market; rent $100.,.2UOO
24 rooms; corner; part cash: b&L easy.' 850
11 rooms; good Income; rent $20 S50
21 rooms; water front; rent $40; lease.. 65o
120 room*; pood lease: low. rent C500
f>7 rmi; apartment*; Western Add; rent. I 250
Money loaned at 1 per cent.
Hotels, roa<! house*, flats. 5 to 100 rooms.
EITKL Sc CARROLL.. 212 Kearny at.
htAKIOX <;RIFFIX, rm. 406 Examiner bldg-. —
• Hotels, apartment- hoot-es, flats and
JtOOMlXG HOUSES. .
\ 75— SNAP; C-room beautirul flat: 2 rooms
pays rent.. Inquire 1032 Market tt.. rm.. 4.
SUNNY, well I urn. cor. flat, 14 rm«; rent |37;
price $C5a £04 Second st.. upstairs.'
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
ACCOUNTANT will contract to keep books of
small corporations: up-to-date methods; coat
systems, stock records, etc.. a specialty. Ad-
dress box 1085, Call.
FOREMAN for vineyard, thoroughly acquaint-
ed with winemaking. superintending, cellar,
field and orchard, wishes position. 1 101
O'Farrell st. .
JAPANESE boy desires work to help photo-
grapher every afternoon without wages. Box
2300, Call. ' ¦
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH otnee for Call advertisements and
eubscri) '"-os has been established at 1006 Va-
lencia b. . ¦
KIXAXCIAL.
COMPANIES incorporated and financed; stock
and bond Issues guaranteed, underwritten and
sold: rtcck accepted for services. Send for
Pacific Stetes Investor. PACIFIC STATES
MINING AND INVESTMENT CO.. 326 Post.
FLATS TO LET.
HOUSES and flats to let; an immense list; ser-
vice absolutely, free; take advantage of this
department: it will save you time and troub.e.
Cordes Furniture Co., 245-25'J Geary St., on
th? square. '
PARK flats; new; elegantly finished: on Sec-
end ave. and C St., one block to McAllister
cars: 6 rooms, 6 rooms. 7 rooms, 10 rooms;
$25 to $45; sunlight all around; open.
FLAT of 4 rooms to let. 251 Shipley St.;
rent $10. ¦ ¦
$15 — SUNNY bay-window flat. 3 rooms and
bath; no children. Key 524 Fell st.
$1S-^SBNNY fiat; 5 rooms, bath. 516 Shrader
at. at the Park. ___vj
HOWARD. 2505 Vi — Lower flat 5 rooms and
bath; warm belt; low rent. ¦»
TO LET — Flat of 4 rooms; 1S07 O'Farrcll.
HOOKER & LENT. 14 Post st. U
GREENWICH. 2727 — Upper; sunny; C room3;
rew; marine view; $25; open.
6-ROOM flat. Corn«r Cbcrch and Hancock sts.,
near Eighteenth. ¦
FLATS TO LET — FURNISHED.
NICELY furnished sunny 7-room flat for July
and August: rent very cheap. 1»C3 Pine st.
FLATS FOR _ s^^~^' n;V1S H , '^'
FURNISHED flat. 0 rooms, all oak furniture.
$225; rent $30. C12H Leavenworth.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE of 6-i^>m flat for sale; flat to
let; party leaving city. Call 20S Chatta-
noora st.
FOR eale — Fine lodge carpet, new; also chairs,
altars, desk and tables. 364 Hayes st.
FURNITURE of 7-room 'house; 830 Sutter st.;
Inspection en and after Monday; house to let.
FURNITURE WAXTED. y
L. AND L. Auction Co., 1059-61 Mission; phone
Jessie 1871; apqt cash for furniture, etc
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission, phone Red 4402,
buys, rents, repairs, packs, furniture, carpets.
AF^r^THTATJs^jT^C^/S^IIellorGTanT'lSS
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
2 waitresses. Sea Beach Hotel, Santa Cruz,
$25. .--.>-, >
:< more waitresses. Pacific Grove, free fare,
$25.
:t waitresses, same springs, fares paid, $20.
2 waitresses, springs. Lake Co., party here,
$25.
Waitress, springs. Lake Co., fare paid, $25.
2 waitresses, springs, Lake Co., fares paid,
$25.
Waitresses, city, country, springs, resort ho-
tels. $25.
Chambermaid, springs, fares paid, $25.
Chambermaids, first-class country hotel, free
fare, $20.
Chambermaids, city and "country. $20-$25.
Starch ironers who can flute, first-class coun-
try hotel, free fare and $35, room, board and
washing.
2 starch ironers, same place. $35.
Rapid ironer. same place, $35.
Mangle girl, same place, $20.
2 chambermaids, hotel, Del Monte, free fare,
$20.-
~ FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
Cooks, housegirls, second girls, nurscgirls,
city and country, $35- $15.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 423 Bush st.
A BRIGHT young. lady living with parents for
. candy gtore; will be taught; paid $7 week
while learning and advanced. MRS. M. E.
DAY. 351 O'Farrell st.
HAIRDRESSING, manicuring, massage, hair
work; removal of superfluous hair taught
from A to Z in 2 weeks' for $4 50; positions
guaranteed: $10 to $20 per week; school day
and eve. 233 Geary, r. 13; maids prepared.
HAIRDRESSING, .manicuring, massage, scalp
treatment, hair work, removal of superfluous
hair; $5 2 weeks; day and eve. class; wages
$10 to $20 wk. 1236 Market, cor. Jones, r. 94.
A — OPERATORS on ladles' underwear: good
wages;/steady position. I. MAGNIN & CO.,
656 Mission St. .. ' ¦
A — OPERATOR^^wanted on ladies', waists;
good wages; slesWy employment. 656 Mis-
sion St.. I. MAGNIN & CO. '
A— OPERATORS wanted on children's and in-
f ants' wear; steady position; good wages. I.
MAGNIN & CO.. 656 Mission st.
WANTED — Young lady who Is an experienced
stenographer; one who is familiar w4th the
Smith Premier ¦ typewriter. Apply between
» and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
FIRST-CLASS buttonhole makers, also flnlsh-
»-rs on vests/ 230V4 Ninth st., opp. Clemen-
tina.
A— Practical Millinery School, estab. 14 years;
terms easy. 816 O'Farrell, for. 1000 Van Ness.
GIRL to assist in light housework. Apply 1632
< I'oEt Et.; small flat. '
WANTED — Slants operators and finishers. 5C0
Natoma st.
WAXTED— Waitress. 76 Third st. '*'. ' •-"
WANTED— Neat, reliable German or Swedish
girl for second work. 1918 Jackson st.
EXPERIENCED nurse to take care of chil-
dren. 1733 Post st. , • ¦ ¦>»,¦¦;
GIRLS want»d at QUIRK BROS.' bookbindery.
608 Clay it. . ¦ -
GIRL for llpht housework. ' Apply 732 Treat
ave., bet. Twentieth and Twenty-first sts.
WANTED— It young ladies , for candy store.
PARRY'S, 1304 Market Bt. . :
GIRL for guneral' housework and cooking;
wages $25. 170 Cole st. . . . ..
TALENTED, amateur performers. Apply ; at
Chutes 6 p. m. -Wednesday; salary no object.
GIRLS to la "»rn millinery now for fall season;
trade taugbt from start to finish In- 1 month
for $5: poiltlons guaranteed at $10 per week
up. French 8chool. 143 Stockton st.,~rm. 13.
OPERATOR'! on ladles' underwear, children's
wear and ladles" waists. " 43-53 Ellla st. 'Ap-
ply bet. 9 and 10 a. m. Ask for MR. V.=
MAGNIN. . . ¦, ¦,-,-.:
GIRL - for fuctory work; good ' wages; steady
employment; no experience necessary;' apply
at once. <Uulf Bag Co.. 709-711 Front st
ACTIVE.- thoroughly experienced business wo-
man,' < capable ; of . holding ; position » of 1 trust.'
Box l&Otf; Call. . _ , .,--.-¦ . . . . ; .5.*, .; >
YOUNG girl assist. in housework; 3 in: family;
sleep home. 1«18 Hayes »t. . . • . -,> < •
WANTED- 'l. r oung ladies to assist on stock.
L Apply HOI'd & NATHAN, 512 ' Market st. -
GOOD girl vonted to w work. In ' bindery. MY-
SELL. RO.I..UNB & CO., 22 Clay st. .
YOUNG girl for light houseworks NE. corner
Hyde "and "Jackson- sts.,- upstairs ">
SPIRITUALISM. c '
MRS. ALICE TOBIAS. 122S Market st.— Circles
Tuesdays and Frldays.8 p. m.; readings daily.
MRS. BAXTER REYNOLDS, circles Tues. and
Fri. 8 p. m.: readings dally. 462 Geary «t.
KATIE HEUSSMANN, test circle Friday even-
tng. 25c: sittings dally. 100U Harrison st.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
X^ CALL AT ONCE AND SAVE $2.
My Regular $3 Reading This Week For
$1. $1 $1. $1. $1. $1. *1. $L
PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE.
The First Registered Trance Clainoyant and
. Palmist Ever in San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guitantee to
laike you no charge if 1 fall to tell your name,
occupation and what you called for; I promise
to tell you whether husband, wife cr sweet-
heart is true or false; tell whom and when you
will marry; in fact, I will tell you every hope.
fear or ambition better than you can tell your-
self. He restores lost affections, reunites the
reparated, causes speedy and happy marrlag»».
mskee you successful and prosp?rous, cures
-disease and lost vitality without medicine. -Tc-
cates hidden treasures; hours 10 a. m. to 3 p. ,
m.; Sundays 2 to 8. 326 O'Farrell pt.. a26. j
MME. M. BEhSARI), THE FAMOUS
Clainoyant and business medium, permanent-
ly located at 17 Third St.. next Exam'.nfr
b!(!g.: she rea-ls your life correctly, gives an |
accurate description of the past, reveals the
pieeent happenings and portrays events to oc-
cur in the future; if you are in trouble, dis-
contented or not satisfied in life, or have do-
mestic, leve cr busiress troubles, consult this
greet medium and you Trill be told how to
overcome them: valuable advice in ell affairs
cf l!fe; 2r>c up: satisfaction guaranteed; read-
lngs by mail. Tel. B!e.ck 4&C9.
1SMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and j
palmist, pensnaently locattd at 1101 Market |
St., cor. Turk: private readings dally. 10 as
m. to 5 p. m. : readings by mail as «itisfn<.-
tory *s in person: 3 questions answered, $1;
full lire, f5: ser.d lock of hair, date and y<ar
¦ of birth: don't send currency. Send postofflre,
I Wells-Fr.rso racnfy order or registered letter.
A — MME. PORTER, scientific clairvoyant and
card reader, bcrn with a double veil and sec-
erd sight; tells the past, present and future;
la<5ies. COc; gents. $1: by cards, palmistry
srd clairvoyant sitting. $1 50. 126 Turk ft.
MRS. BASH AM. clainoyant: come prrpared I
with question!" 70S Van Xeas. cor. Eddy;
tel. Sutter 3131. -
CLAIRVOYANT, palmist, card r«ader. * re-
moved frcm SC2 Minna «t. to 4C2 Franklin
et.. nr. Grove; readings 10c for a short time.
; MRS BROWN, clain-oyent curd reader: Iadjes
i 23c; gents 50c; readires dally. 132 Sixth st.
I MME. WALTF.RP. crcat card reader; la. 25c:
gf-nts GOo. i)51 Miff ion St.. nr. Cth: open Sun. I
A — it me. Ravenna rtads life, business advice;
names given; 20c up. 5 4th St.. near Market.
! MRS. SHAFER. clain'oyant card reader: Klt-
tlncs daily. 44f>H Jessie st.. bet. r.th and Cch. j
CARPET-HEATING AXD CLEANING; j
AIR. compressed, dry. ice ccM. i* now unlver- i
sally us. d in sanitarily cleaning carpets, on j
f.oor. without removal or lniury: prices mod- 1
erate. Apply S. F. COMPRESSED AIR !
CLEANING CO.. Call big.: phone Main 5237. I
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 353-357 Tehama St. ; tel. South 40.
CALIFORNIA Carpet- beating Co.. J. McQueen,
proprietor, 323 Guerrero st. ; tel. Mission 48. |
i TRY HOPKE BROS.' excellent carpet cleaning; \
! phone Bush 421. 411-413 Powell Et. .
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.;
tel. Main 3a4. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prlc»s
reasonable. 1703 Harri.on st. ; t«l. Mission 2«3.
CONKLIN-S Superior Carpet-beating Works.
333 Golden Gate ave.: telephone East 126. I
CHIROPODISTS.
DUNLAP FOOT INSTITUTE. 50 Geary— All
ailments of the feet cured: corns, bunions. etc
COLLKCTIOJf OFFICES.
ADVICE free; bad tenants ejected speedily. CO-
LUMBIAN LAW AGCY.. r. 85. 91G Market;
teL Red 618; collections; gen'l law buslnect.
BAD tenants ejected fcr $4: collections mado:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10; tel. 5580.
UEXTISTS. £j
DR?~LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market.nr. Eleventh
— No. charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
frcm; $8- per set; extracting. 60c; gas given.
REMOVAL.
DR. C. W. RICHARDS, dentist, has re-
moved frcm 47 Post st. to Mutual Bank bldg.,
room C14. corner Geary and Kearny sts.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone— cannot break; -
warranted 20 yrs.; crown, $3 50; fillings, 50c;
plates. $5; full set; all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny, ror. Bush —
Set teeth, $1 &0 up; crowns,$2 up; filling", 25c.
GOLD n! lines 75e. silver S5c. crowns $2; no
pain; open Sunday. Dr.O.B.Hewltt.21>4 Sutter.
10 PER CENT off this month; estimates frefc j
New Ycrk Dentists. OC0 Mission St.. cor. 6th. !
PRBSSMAKBRg & SEAMSTRESSES. ;
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School ''
— Any pattern cut to measure. 1019 Market, j
ACCORDION, sunburst & knife plaltmg. Stew- !
art's button & buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor. ;
EDUCATIONAL.
NEERING — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion, laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical; day. night. 24 Post; catalogue free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH BUSINESS COLLEGE,
conducted by experts; best combined short-
hand and commercial course to be had; in-
dorsed by official court reporters. 1362 Mkt.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES, 24 Post St., 8.
F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night; catalogue free.
AYRES. the leading business college, 723 Mur-
ket ft.; special summer course, ip. all depart-
ments; handsome catalogue free; life scholar-
ship. (SO; day and evening sessions.
THE Berlitz School of Languages has removed
to 1000 Van Nees ave; rates reduced during
summer. Send for catalogue. ; >
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday, Saturday and
Sunday evenings at Teutonla Hall, Howard
St., near Ninth; management Prof. Foster.
'ENGINEERING — Civil, elec. mln.. meeh., eur-
vey, assay, cyanide: day, eve.; est. 1804. Van
der Naillen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A SUMMER school of shorthand and bookeep-
icg; enroll now and be ready for position In
fall. S. F. Business College, 1236 Market st.
G. MANSFIELD, teacher of violin, guitar,
mandolin, banjo. • 426 O'Farrell st.
LESSONS given in Water Color or Oil Paint-
ing from Nature. CURRIER, 372 Sutter st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc., day or ere.; $5 mo. 102* Mission ,cr.6th.
Chicago Business College, 1435 Market.nx.lOth.
Pittman shorthand, typing, bookkpg. .$8 mo.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St.. S. F.;
founded 1863: new 80-page catalogue free.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
GEORGE^AOKlT"42i Post~et.T ?* l7 llu^n "l35?
Japanese-Chinese employment office; :ur-
' I niahes best help; contracts for farm help, etc.
A— ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese,
Chinese help. 428 Powell. Tel. Main 5752.
RELIABLE Japanese Chinese Employment Of-
fice: arfl kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5183.
CHINESE Employment Office — Best help &t
Leon Seung. 411% O'Farrell; tel. East 428.
GKAND Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office. 415
Stockton: tel. Grant 108; expert, reliable help.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tei. Main 1007. BRADLEY & CO., 040 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WAXTED— FEMALeT
A YOUNG English girl wants general house-
work in country: wages not less than' $25.
Call, or telephone. Main C472. MISS PLUN-
KETT. 425 Kutter st., near PowelL
COMPETENT woman with a» child 5 years
old wants position as housekeeper; wag?s
$20 to g25. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
AMERICAN woman withes situation as work-
Ing housekeeper: neat' and reliable. Addrees
0 Housekeeper. 1055 Mission st. -
WOMAN wants morning work; no objection to
email wash. 14 Hlmmelmann St., off Pacific,
near Taylor. . ; . -
POSITION wanted by reliable middle-aged
• American woman as nurse. Call/or address
313 Sutter st.
RESPECTABLE mother and^ daughter deslns
positions, cummer .resort, as chambermaids-
pantry maid; plain eewlng; wages reasonable.
Address box 3tK)l. Call.
WANTED — Position by lady stenographer; ex-
perienced,' able, energetic; $50. Box 1027.
Call office. ,
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. <33 McAllister st.
_ E M1-U)YM EXT WAXTED— -JI ALE.
WANTED--SItuation by. rnlddle-liged^GernTan]
take care of. garden and horses; references.
J.POTTIER. 417 Powell et.
YOUNG man. wants a position driving single
team ; wages $10 week. Box 2553. Call.
YOUNG man, ace 23. wants work In country.
Box 21581; Oil office.
- HELP ¦ WAXTOIV— MALC-^Com. '
Shingle Jointer. Sonoma Co.. $35 and found.
Dishwashers, waiters, porters for springs,
$30 $50. $60 and found. , -¦ ¦ ¦ - ¦ •
Clerk, general ¦ merchandise store. . fare •»,
Farmer and wife, Modesto. « $80 and found.
Blacksmith, ranch, $2 day and found.
By Midnight / kURRAY & READY.
Wire and Mall. ¦ t 634-C36 Clay sC
$1 FEE— THAT8 ALL.
THAT'S ALL-$1 FEE. £'¦"'
FREE FARE- TO YOU ALL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC SOUTHERN PACIFIC
OWN WORK — Section and - extra gangs, all
over the State, including San Luis Obispo
and Santa Barbara divisions.' Ship Morning,
Noon and Night. , v "
Laborers etc., all Fare Free — Come and see.
MURRAY & READY. 684-636 Clay it.
Y TO 69 SAWMILLS AND WOODS
IN 4 STATES AND 2 TERRITORIES.
LOCATED— Including all parts of California.
5 managers are at our office to-day — Bee
thtm. /B65 men wanted. - __
R. R. FARE FREE. TUOLUMNE CO.
63 laborers, sawmill and woods, you 11 suit,
i $co. > \\v:-
; YOUR FAH E PA.D gAWMiLLg
found; also 186 woodsmen, mlllmen of. every
description from swampers to engineers, come
see up to $17i a month: head and secona
chain tenders. OREGON. FREE FARE. *S0.
$75 found, boss here; ox teamsters. $40
found: rip sawyer, $3 50 day; band sawyer
shaper. $4 day, and 3 bench men $3 da'j:
wood turner. $i day; log barker. $55 found;
chute builder. $55 found; 3 sticker hands. $4
day.
<;.- . -v *v'>J, TOGETHER
YOU CAN GO NORTH.
3 head Dolbeer loggers. $90; second <2«"cular
saw filer and millwright. $3 »» * "P?* 1
tenders $60; 2 log loaders. $65; 8 buckers,
$60; 2 pond men. $2 25 day 2 lumber Kraders
$3 day; 20 laborers to pile lumber. $60: band
sawyer. 8150; 4 two-horse teamsters. »w.
NIGHT CREW.
Oiler. $2 25 day; green lumber srader. $2 00
day; hog deck man. $2 Jay; 8e . tte £i*3 »
day carriage dogger. $2 25 a day: ojrbearer
$2 25 dav: hoeman. $2 day; edgerman. $3
day; edWman's helper. $2 day; _ slab saw-
yers T$2 a day: trimmers, $2 50 a day;.seo-
ond -trimmer. $2 day; $2 28 ><*«*•
Board etc. on above Jobs. $15 month, over-
MURRAY A READY. 634-636 Clay St.
T 1Pla™«r?" board yourselves, 10c far..
if laborers, city factory/ IT'S GOOD, $2 23
day.
300 laborers for all classes of work, located
everywhere, buildings, excavating, factories,
mills, etc.. $2, $2 25, J2 50 day and fcund;
come, Bee. .
95 teamsters, different places, city and coun-
try ' MURRAY & READY, 634-G36 Clay st.
GOING HAYING? ! '¦
GOING HARVESTING? „.,„„_,
GOING FRUIT PICKING?
286 haymakers, located • everywhere, fare
from 60c, office fee $1. wages $1 50 a day
and found; no Sunday work. -
• 26 hayfleld men. mowers, etc.. $40 and found.
:s»i5 farm, orchard, vineyard hands, $35 fd.
98 milkers, different localities, $25, $40 found.
10 butter and cheese makers, $40, $50 found.
25 ranch . teamsters, 4 horses, $40 and found.
2(1 chore men and boys, $35 to $13 and found.
$1 fee. That's all. Jl fee. That's all. $1 fee.
MEN AND WIVES.
15 men and wives for farms, orchards, mines,
private places, etc.. $30. $60 and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-C36 Clay st.
HOTEL, LAUNDRY. BAKERY. BUTCHER
AND . OTHER DEPARTMENTS.
69 cooks, some second, third hands, for ho-
tels, boarding-houses, camps, mines, ranches,
hay, harvest crews, saloons, surveying out-
fit, sawmills, cafes, etc., $80, $70, . $60, $50,
$40, $30 and found: .chef cook, officers' mess,
mine, SCO; 27 waiters, located everywhere,
$50, $40. $30 and found.
46 pot and dish washers, etc.. $35 to $20 and
found; 10 bell, elevator boys; porters, pantry,
glass and silver boys and men, $35. $30 and
$15 and found; 3 bedmakers, city, $30. ¦
12 laundrymen, washers, starchers, distribu-
ters. $1S week.
16 boys to learn .trades.
Mine chief cook, $70.
For hundreds of other positions we publish a
free bulletin of. labor daily.
1002 We Gave MURRAY & READY,
43.C00 Men Work. 634-636 Clay ft.
MAN and wife for mine; woman cook, few
men; man as laborer, $C2 50 and found;
waiter, tend bar. country. $40 and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st. *
AT THE CAL. EMP. AGENCY.
59 Third St.. near Call Bldg. Phone Bush 403.
FREE FARE.
S. P. R. R CO.'S OWN WORK. • ..
20 men for section, south. $1 60.
500 section hands for Yolo Co.. Monterey Co.
Santa Clara Co. and- all parts of California
and Nevada, $1 60. $1 75 and $2.
Nevada:
50 teamsters, fence builders, surfacing hands,
steel gang, tunnelmen and pile drivers. $2 to
$3 day. FREE FARE.
CHATSWORTH PARK.
10 tunnelmen $3 a day.
10 drillers, $2 25 a day.
FREE FARE.
NEW JOB SOUTH. SANTA CRUZ.
10 laborers. $1 50 a day and board.
25 laborers, near city. $2 25 a day.
FREE FARE TO TUOLUMNE COUNTY.
10 lumber handlers and laborers. *$35. and
board up; ship dally.
COAL MINERS. FREE FARE.
OREGON. FAMILIES SHIPPED FREE.
25 coal miners. ?.T to $5 a day.
BIG LUMBER CO.. NORTH. R. R. WORK.
10 tunnelmen. $2 75 a day.
10 laborers and teamsters. $2 to $2 25 a day.
No discount, no hospital fee. fine climate.
g»od water. FREE FARE.
IIUMBOLDT CO.
15 lumber pliers. $35 a month and board.
FARE ADVANCED.
4 solderers for cannery. 20c an hour.
10 men for rock quarries. $2 to $2 50 a day.
10 four-horse teamsters, $2 50 a day. <
10 men to clear right of way. $2 25. ;
CAL. EMP. AGENCY. 59 third st.
FOUR machine mlner3, $3: C miners, $2 75
day; 4 tlmbermen .for mine, $3 day; 15
muckers. $2 50 day; 15 laborers, $2 10 day.
fare advanced, see boss here to-day. J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento et.
MAN and wife, private family, $50; farmers
and wives. $40 and $50r butter-maker. $40;
milkers. $35; man about place, $30; boy for
wholesale store, $6 week: stableman; shop
1 butcher: brickmakers; drayman, $18 to J22 50
week; jobbing blacksmith, $3 day; black-
smith's helper. $2 50 day; band' sawyer;
coopers, woodchoppers and many others. J.
F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
COOK wife and dishwasher, country hotel,
$125; hotel cooks, $35 and $60; night, cook,
$35; cook, miners' boarding-house. $70; hotel
second cook. $40; hotel porter, $30; 2 porters
for institutions, $25; waiters, dishwashers
and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 62S
Sacrameato st. - - • ".
A— DISHWASHER for first-class hotel. Lake
Tahoe. $30 and found. Call this morning at
MISS PLUNKETTS, 425 Sutter st:, near
Powell.
A — HOTEL GAZETTE. 20 Montgomery, r. 12 —
2 colored waiters, $32; pantryman, $30; sta-
bleman, $35; bellboys, $15.
A BOY for soda fountain; $6 week and .in-
crease. MRS. M. E. DAY. 351 O'Farrell st.
A "YOUNG man, reliable, energetic, experi-
enced bookkeeper, to take a position near
Folsom. Cal.: applicants must furnish first-
class recommendations; good chance for right
man. Box 1939, Call office.
WANTED — A steady elderly man who under-
stands the care of horses and do chores; a
good home and $5 per month. Apply at 3228
Folsom st., corner" Preclta ave.
BARBERS — Small shop in wholesale district;
will,- take -partner; liberal arrangements to
flrst-clasa workman and 'steady man. Box
25S2. Call office. . '
WANTED — Boys from 13 to 15 years of age.
Apply between 0 and 11 a. m. at HALE
BROS.' .:.¦/..- .
WANTED — Young "man with experience In
keeping stock; must have reference-. Apply
HOLM& NATHAN. 512 -Market St."
TWO young men of good address to go on the
road ;- good money for • right parties. Call,
room 338. Golden West HoteL ~-
! WANTED — Practical farmer and wife without
children; Napa County: good home.. 400
Montgomery st., room 24. ¦ ¦¦ ,
TRY our men's shoos, union made.at $1 pair;
foot-form' shoes at $2 50; we pay express or
mail charges.' 11: Third St.. : Examiner bldg.
BOY wanted. UNITED STATES LAUNDRY,
.; Sixteenth and Valencia sts.
SHIRT finisher /wanted.. UNITED STATES-
LAUNDRY, Sixteenth and Valencia sts,
TRY our men's shoes,'. union made, at $1 pair;
foot-form .shoes at $2 50; we pay express or
mall charges. 11 Third st.. Examiner bldg.
WANTED— A < young man, to work in a grocery
;-.: store ; ,. experience . preferred.' ' 435 . Third st. •,
WANTED— Porter. 623 Post st.
GOOD. bootblack wanted. ,411 Devlsadero st.
WANTED— Barber to ' work short ¦ hours. ! Bar-
':¦ ber shop," Emporium..- ' .' ' \ . :,-„' .
FIRST-CLASS waiter wanted; also day cashier.
V29, Stockton «t.- ¦¦- : ~ :¦:.'; ; '
WANTED-^-Barber with about 1 year's experi-
ence.'i 311, B st:, 1 San Rafael,* Cal. ¦' : - -
BOY/ to"; learn;' plumbing; some experience in
;. ; electric work preferred, f; Box 2526, Call.
BARBERS— For Bale, pood countrv shoo. Call
at i 1547 Mission st.
When vacation time comes, if you want a good thiny,
. Read the Dally Call's ads— they arc certain to bring
Just tjie place that you want, for their scope is so wide
That thev cover the; field. We don't mean to deride
Other papers' Want Ads, but the wise course you'll choose
To be sure of success if our columns you use."Your Honor," said the lawyer, . "my
client - ha* .reason ; to believe that the po
lice are • about to ; Interfere - arbitrarily
¦with ! his business and \ he would ; like to
have an injunction restraining them from
looking at hlmi while he U ;at_wbrk. or
torching ; the tools .of nig profession."
"I do not see," said. the learned Judge,
"why we should go so far as» to restrain
the , police from looking . at , your client."
"He is of. a; very nervous temperament,
your Honor, and to '• be watched while "at
work ¦seriously disturbs "him."
"In that case," : the Judge / admitted,
"the demand seems reasonable.; What is
your "cllentVbusiness?"
"He is a burglar,^ your Honor."—Chica
go Post.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Franeisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent. \
"NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
th« • city front fMlsslon-street . wharf) nbout
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the. highest tide is he same at both places.
MONDAY, JULY 6.
Sun rise* *:»*'
Sunsets ¦• 7 :.13
Moon sets "2i?A a. m.
« ITimel Time] JTImel ITimei
f I 1 Ft. Ft. f Ft. | r Ft.
S IL W| H Wj 1L W| \n W|
6 3:30—0.1)10:30 4.5i 2:BS 2.8! 9:17 5.7
S 4:411—0.5 12:00 4.714:25 3.1|10:S3 5.«
9 5:24—0.5 12:40 A.V B:07 .3.111:11 5.3
10 8:55— 0.41 1:1.5 4.0| 5:40 S.i|ll:45 5.2
11 (5:27— 0.21 1:.V» 4.01 «:2S 3.1|
H Wl !L W IH W |L W .
12 0:27! ¦ 5.0| fl!®> 0.012:20 4.fl| 7:1.". .3.0
13 l:08| 4.7| 7 :S0 O.3[.2:4S 4.0| S:02 2.0
NOTB—^In'thi above exposition of. the tides
the early morning tides are given In th« left
hand column and the successive tldis of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time: the
fourth time column gives the last tire of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. , The heights given are In
addition to the soundings of -the. United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the heights, and then the number
given Is substritcted from the depth given by
the charts. The Diane of reference is the
mean of the lower low waters.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
'. Sunday, July 5.
Stmr Newburg, Andfindsen. 40 hours from
Redondo.
Stmr Gipsy, Lcland. 20 hours from Moss
Landing-. .
Rtmr Mackinaw, Storrs. 91 hours from Ta
coma.
Schr Ivy. Jensen. 50 hours ¦ from Coos Bay.
Schr Bella, Jannson, 0 days from Grays
Harbor.
SAILED.-
Sunday, July 5.
Stmr Fulton, Lee, Portland.-
Stmr Santa Cruz, Gielow. San Pedro.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Ale^nder. San. Diego.
Stmr City of Puebla, Victoria and
Port Townsend.
Stmr . Westoort; Smith, .
Stmr Alcatrac, Carlson, Greenwood.
Schr Newark, Relrvertsen. Stewarts Point.
RETURNED.
. Sunday, July 5.
Schr Newark. Reinerts?n, hence to-day for
Stewarts Point, on account of machinery be»
ing disabled. IHHH ll ifTTT*
. TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT ' LOBOS, July 5.' 10 p m — Weather
hasyj'Wind NW, . velocity +5 miles per hour.'
DOMESTIC PORTS. , _.;•
SEATTLE— Arrived : July' 5— Stmr . Nome
City, " from Nome. " July 4— Stmr . Santa Ana,
f rom i Valdez. n
Sailed July 4— Stmr St. Paul, for San Fran
cisco. . July 5— Stmr Montara, for San Fran-
The reported arrival of the stmr - Portland
yesterday waa- a mistake. The stmr has not
SAN PEDRO — Arrived July 0 — Schr Pros
per, from Everett.
TATOOSH— Passed . In July &— IT S stmnf
NewYork, Bennlngton and Marblehead, hence
July t. for ; 8eattlf. , -; .
.Passed; out July'&— Stmr St Paul, from Se
attle,-for San Francisco." - • .- • ' . .
SAN DIEGO— Arrived July 5— Schr. Erjc,
hence July 1./- - ¦ \ \
.VENTURA—Arrived July 5— Barge , Santa
It Is reported by the Greeley Republican
that loco weed is unusually abundant on
the prairies this year. lX»co weed" is a
plant which sets animals crazy; and even
tually causes their death If ita use is con
tinued. But the peculiar thing about it
is the manner in which it upsets the pop
ular idea that animals have an unerring
instinct which teaches them to, avoid all
foods which are harmful. When a horse
or cow has once tasted loco it willwander
over the prairies hunting for more of it
and refusing to eat grass or< any, other
food.'; -.When an animal has acquired the
loco habit it quickly becomes emaciated
and often it runs amuck like a man made
crazy by the use of morphine or whisky.
On the prairie the word "locoed" is ap
plied to men who are Intoxicated of who
have lost their minds, and- it has moved
on to the East, where it is doubtful if
many know its origin.— Kansas City Jour
nal. I .
New Slang From Prairies.
Sun/ Moon and Tide.
FORECAST.
Cloudy w«.ither j/revalls- over the northern
portion of th«. Pacific Slope, with fair over
the southern. IV:ht rain has fallen over West
ern Oregon and '¦Washington. .¦ , . - . .
The pressure lias fallen decidedly over the
plateau ar.<l Rocky Mountain region and slowly
ovor the coast.
The tf-murrature has fallen over Northern
California, Oregon. Nevada and Idaho and
has risen over Utah and Arizona. Throughout
the interior of Northern California the tem
perature, is from *0 to 1<3 degrees below the
normal. ' • - • • ¦ . • - •
The ' following high rvlnds are reported :
Mount Tamalpals. 30 miles per hour, from the
northwest: Point Reyes. 80 miles, northwest;
Carson City. 20 miles, southwest: Wlnnemuc
ca. 40 miles, southwest: . Indeoendence, 2($
miles, northwest; Modena. .'•« miles, «outh
west; Salt Lake City, 30 miles, south, and
Pocatello, 28 miles, jiorthwest.
Forecast made at San' Franclscp for 30 hours
ending midnight July 0: * .
Northern California — Fair Monday: cooler In
southeastern jK>rtion: brisk northwest wind. ¦
Southern California — Fair Monday; fresh
west wind.
Nevada — Cloudy Monday; probably showers
In north portion; edoler.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Monday;
brisk to -high ™rthwest a wlnd rwiLLsoNri ~£
Local Forecaster. Temporarily in Charge.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, July 5—5 p. m.
WEATHER CONDITION'S AND GENERAL
Weather Report.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.: j . From. ' . ' Due.
Peking....... China & Japan .. July 6
t'ocw Bay San Pedro A Way Pt». July «
Sail Mateo.... Tacoma ....July 6
St. Paul Nome ft St. Michael. . July H
Lflkmc San Pedro ....July 6
S. Mohlca.... Grays Harbor July C>
ChchalU Grays Harbor July 6
Euu ka Humboldt July »
Olympic* san Pedro July fi
State of Cal.. fian Diego & Way Pts. July 0
Arcata, Coos Bay &. Pt. Orford July 0
Sonoma...... Sydney & Way Ports. July «
timatlllar. ... Puget Sound Ports July 6
Nebraskan... Honolulu & Kahului. . . July «
Cpqu llle River San Pedro July 7
Argo : Eel River Ports July 7
Pomona.. Humboldt < July .7
ErterpriM.... Hilo : July 7
Redondo San Pedro • July 8
North Fork... Humboldt. July t<
Colon New York via Panama. July -S
J. Dollar. .... Seattle & Tacoma July 8
Cet)trs*a.. ... . Grays Harbor July H
Columbia Portland A Astoria. ... July 9
Santa Rosa... Pan Diego A Way Pts. July f»
ChU-o Coqullle River July 9
Denderahr. . . . Hamburg A Way Pts. July 10
Point Arena.. Point Arena July 10
R. Dollar..:, fian Pedro July 1°
Queer Pug<»t Sound Ports... July 11
Doric..... China & Japan July 1*
TO SAIL.
- Steamer. Destination. { .''ails. Pier.
~ ~ . July «.
G. Lindauer Grays Harbor 1 pm Pier 10
Newburg... Grays Harbor ..... 4 pm Pier 10
Corona HumhoKU 1:30 p|Pier ll>
C. Nelson... Seattle & Tacoma Pier 2
Pt. Arena... Point Arena 4 pm Pier 2
Olympic... Whatcom & Fairh'n 5 pm Pier •£
.Inly 7.
Phoenix... v Pt Arena&Mendcno 1 pm Pier 13
G.W.EIder.. Astoria & Portland. 11 amIPier 21
H. K. Maru. China & Japan 1 pmlPier 40
Alliance.... Eureka A Coos Bay 7 pmlPier 1«
July S. ;
Eureka ; Humboldt 0 am Pier M
Coos Bay... San Pedro A Way. 9 am Pier 10
Arcata Coos B. A PtOrford 12 ralPler 13
- ¦ , - . .. July «•
Pomona.'.-. . . ... 1 U50 piPler 1!>
Argo. ¦;.'.v,.«'5fcel River Port*. ... 4 pmlPier 2
Ndbraskan.. Honolulu A Kahului a ptnlPler 16
State of Cal. San Diego A Way. 0 am'Pler 1»
Curacao.... Mexican Ports . .. . 10 am Pier 11
. July 1O.
R. Dollar... Astoria A Portland. 10 am Pier 2
S. Monica... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
Mariposa. . . Tahiti 11 amIPter •
Umatilla.... Puget Sound Ports. 11 amIPier 2«
Jnly 1 1. I
St. Paul^... Nome A St Michael 2 pmlPier —
San Juan... N. Y. via Panama. 12 m|P!er 40
Chlco Coqullle River..-.. 6 pm'Pier 2
Jnly 12. !
Centralla... Grays Harbor 4 pmlPicr 10
North Fork. Humboldt 1 pmlPier _2
Columbia... Astoria A Portland. 11 am Pier 24
J. Dollar... Seattle A Tacoma.. 10 amIPIfr 2
July 15. i
PeWtig ailna A Japan 1 pm Pier 40
Qdecn.. Puget Sound Ports.jll amIPier 2i
FROM SEATTLE. _j
Steamer. For. I Salls^
City Tnpeka.. Skagway A Way Ports.! July «
Spokane Skwgway A Way Ports.Uuly <
Bertha Valdei A Way Ports.. (July .«
Dolphin Rkagway A Way Ports. [Ju y. x
Roanoke...... Nome A St. Michael.. . I July »
Cottage City.. Skagway A Way Ports.lJuly 10
Tamplco Nome A St. Michael. . .|.fuly 12
City Seattle...! Skagway A Way Porta.Uuly 14
Dlrlgo Skagway A Way Ports.lJuly 15
Meteor Nome A St. Michael...) July 15
Conemaugh... Nome A St. Michael. . -IJuly 15
Santa Ana Cooks Inlet A Way Ptsi.Tuly 16
Eureka..' Nome ...IJuly 20
Movement of Steamers.
On account of the generosity of the late
Joseph Park, millionaire merchant, in
building thirty miles of macadamized
roads for the town of Rye. N. Y., at his
own cost, a number of persons are about
to raise funds to erect a monument to his
memory. .""_.",
A more accurate indication of the pros
perity and progress of any of these coun
tries, especially of our own country,
would be the volume of its internal trade.
"What we buy from one another and sell
to one another tells the true tale of our
wealth and activity.— The "World's Work.
Great Britain, the United States, Ger
many, and Holland thirty years ago had
a foreign trade of W.708,000,000 (if anybody
can comprehend that), and now they have
$9,600,000,000— an increase of over 100 per
cent.
The three l«ading nations now stand in
this order with respect to their total for
eign trade:
The United Kingdom.... J3.573.00O.O0O
The United States 2,238,000,000
Germany 2,254,000,000
Trade Gains In Thirty Years.
At Cape Town she discharged BOO tons
of coaL^ and after repairing she reloaded
and saned for Hobart on February 4.
Eight of the crew were put in jail at
Cape Town for mutinous conduct.
"The Duchesse de Berry arrived in Ho
bart on April 1, and after addi
tional seamen sailed for this port On
April' 17. .
When tho ship left Cardiff she was in
command of Captain Blanard. He was
replaced by Captain Tistulat at Cape
Town. :V : v- ;
The Duchesse de Berry sailed from Car
diff-on June 21, 1902, and after experi
encing a succession of heavy gales. In
which one seaman was killed and the
ship was disabled, her rigging being
badly torn, she put into Cape Town on
September 10, on account of shifting
cargo.
The French »hip Duchesse de Berry, in
command of Captain Tlstulat' and 378
dajs from Cardiff, via Cape Town, 150
days, with 2000 tons of coal, arrived In
this port yesterday morning after expe
riencing a memorable voyage.
Eight of Her Crew Jailed at
... . Cape Town for Mutinous
* Conduct.
Duchesse de Berry Has
Tempestuous Voyage.
From Cardiff.
GALES ATTACK
FRENCH SHIP
LIVERPOOL— Arrived July 5— Stmr Celtic,
from New York: stmr Cevlc, from New York.
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed July 5— Stmr Etru
rla, for New York. ¦ '
NEW YORK— Arrived July 5— Stmr Moltke.
from Hamburg. Southampton and Cherbourg;
stmr Arabic, from Liverpool and Queenstown:
stmr Astcria.. from Glasgow and Moville.
ISLE OF v "WIGHT— Passed July 5— Stmr
Amsterdam, from Rotterdam, for New York.
SCILLY— Passed July 5— Stmr Vaderland,
from Xew-sYork, for Antwerp. ' - - . '
BEACHY HEAD— Passed July &— Stmr Koe
nigen Luise, from Bremen, for New York.
LIZAHD— Passed July &— Stmr Mesaba. from
London, for New York.
PRAWLE POINT— Passed July M-Stmr
Mlnnetonka. from New York, for London.
MOVILLE— Arrived July R— Stmr Columbia,
from New York, for Glasgow; stmr TunUian,
from New Ycrk, lor Liverpool, and proceeded.
Paula, hence July 3, in tow of tug- Rescue,
and aailed for San Franctaco.
COOS BAY— Arrived July 5— Stmr Arcata.
from Port Hadlock.
ISLAND PORTS.
HILO— Arrived July 5— Ship Falls of Clyde,
hence June £0.
HONOLULU— Arrived July &— Bktn W H
Dlmond, hene# June 20; schr J H Lunsman.
from -Lays.in Island.
Sailed July 4 — Br stmr Gaelic, for Hong
kong; Br stmr Moana, for Sydney.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
THE SitfS; FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, eTOJGY G, 1903.
9
REAL. ESTATE — CITY— FOR BALE.
EASTOX. ELDRIDGE & CO., .
: «3S/ilARKET ST.
AUCTION! /
AUCTION I -
TUESDAY ..;. A . U . CT ?°. N ; Julyl4 . 1903
At our salesroom. 638 Market st.,
_^_... A * 12 o'clock (noon.)
DOWNTOWN BUSINESS PROPERTY.
Westerly line of 7th St.. between . Howard
.and Folsom. N M . 276. 278, 2hO; improve-
ments consist of a 3-story frame building
containing a store with 3 excellent living
rocms ; 2 flats above containing 5 and 6 rooms
and bath; all modern plumbing; renting for
? <0 ner month; should be Increased to |90;
lot 23xS5 feet.
PACIFIC-STREET INVESTMENT.
Southerly line of Pacific at., cast of L>av-
enworth; improvements consist of 2 flats
of 5-C rooms and rear house of 4-5 rooms;
modern in every respect; total rental $900 j
per annum: lot 23x137:6 feet. " :
FIRET-STREET INVESTMENT.
Northeast line of First et., C8:10 feet
northwest of Folsom: extremely large lot.
45:6x»JS:9 feet; improvements consist of 2
flats of 5 rooms and a cottage of 6 rooms,
renting for $46 per month.
BUILDING LOT.
Southerly line of Merrttt st.. 25 feet west
of Hat tip; an excellent lot ready for building
In thriving neighborhood; lot 25xS0 feet.
MISSION BUILDING LOT.
Westerly line of Castro St., 105 feet south
of Henry, between 14th and 15th; ready for i
bulldinz '
SIXTKENTH-STREET INVESTMENT. j
Southerly line of 10th st., 21-0 feet west of
Albion ave.; Improvements consist of 2 two-
story frame houses of 7 rooms and bath,
i renting; for StiOO per annum.
TWENTIETH-ST. BUILDING CORNER.
8.-W. corner 20th and Alabama Bts. ; Im-
provements; excellent corner suitable for
business purposes; lot 25x104 feet; street b!-
tumlnized.
SEVENTH-BTREET INVESTMENT.
N. E. corner of 7th and Cleveland sts., bet. !
Folsom and Harrison; very desirable busl- J
ness corner; Improvements consist of 3-story ¦
frame building on 7th st. and '- Hats en :
Cleveland; property always rented at $1^)0 .
per annum.
! MISSION BUILDING LOT.
I- West line or Homestead et...200 foot north
I of 25th; elegant double lot. level and ready
j for building, surrounded by new an-1 mod-
. em houces; nubile school in close prjximity;
! lot 50x125 feK
! For further particular* and catalogue apply
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
63S Alark?t ft.
j FOR i>al» or exchange for country property — I
Cottage. 4 rooms and hall: aitic floored and
; rtaircat-o; bathroom and closets ; grate; sta- I
tionary bcokcase; cement tubs; washstand; i
tiled sink; brick foundation; 5 blocks of as •
many car lines; near Ft earn car station. 212
I Twenty-seventh St., city.
j FCR SALE— Make offer for 6 lots: all level;
I no grading necessary; a fine location for a
home: close -to Mission electric car: corner
Brazil ave. and Munich st. : will sell one or
all. Address A. G. CLARK, care of Call
business office.
I WHOLE block of houses Just started near the
Park on Carl. Cole. Shrader&Parnassus ave. ; |
plans terms, prices to suit; apply premises.
, JAMgS ROUNTREE & CO.. 137 Carl st. j
f 1,100— 2 NEW flats of 4 and 5 R. and B. :
Army ft., near Mission; bal. $40 per month;
a snap.
(1S00 — 2 mew flats of 5 and 6 R. and B. on
Mis-Finn *t., near 2»th; bal. $.'.4 per month.
D. COFFIN ft CO.. S003 Mission st.
LOTS north cr «outh of the park purchased
by W. J. GUNN. 530 California st. iSavingB
Union building).
! NEW houses and flats on Second ave. and C
tt. for sale on easy payments: one block to
. McAllister cars; prices to suit you; open.
' A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year
REAL ESTATE — Conn try— For Sale.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards.
_ vineyards; inspected bargains; monthly cata-
logue sent free. C. M. WOOSTEU CO., G48
Maiket st. - . .
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE. j
GOOD Oakland property to exchange for a
stock ranch. P. C. LASSEN & CO.. 4S6 I
Trntti ttt\ Oakland. Cal.
AUMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE. .
! JUST~\VHAT VOU ARE LOOKING FOR!
A rnETTY HOME IN ALAMEDA.
I Surrounded by flowprs and fruit troes: j-.ear
I train and schools; only $2S50; lot "75x125.
Nice" 5-'room cottage and bath. '¦
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY. i
Tel. Grand 1461. 1500 Park St.. Alameda. j
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS;
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
Alex.' Murdock & Co.. Lorin station. Berktley—
Keal estate brokers, owners, builders, etc.
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FKl'lTVALE REAL ESTATE.
BAF.GAIX— Frultvale; lot 30x174; nice 3-room
hmtic; pantry, bath, hot and cold water, sta- .
tionary tubs. " large basement rooms, 2
large chicken houses; all fenced; gx>od order.
<i3ti Sacramento St.. 8. F.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS 1
, ; . — i
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKUM) REAL ESTATE. \r~~
%
GEORGE W. AUSTIN.
1002 BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
$110 to $300 flown: 2-»<tory. comfortable house
of 6 rooms, bath, gas and modern i-onven-
Jpncf-s: newly painted and paperediot 50x
IT." 'note th* size); barn anl wfll; one
blork from Telegraph ave.: easy fnonthly
payments; liberal discount will be allowed
for all cash over present mortgage of $1000.
OAKLA.VD FUUMTL'IIU: FOIl SALE.
FURNITURE good and chrap this month. II.
SCHELLHAAS. 408 Eleventh et.. Oakland.
STORAGE AXD WAREHtUJSHM.
V-EMPORIL'M Storage & Van Co.; furnltureT
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard ct., near Third; phone Grant 101.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
fice Post and Powell ctt. ; tel. Priv. Ex. ill.
CON KLIN'S storage— Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave.; phone East 12«.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made; S50
Mission St.; tel. Howard 1*41 . F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and. Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore St.; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
et. ; tel. Main 1840. - Shipping: at cut rates.
PROPOSALS. • ¦ ~~
PROPOSALS — Bids wanted— Notice is hereby
given that sealed proposals will be received
by the Board of Directors or the Veterans'
Home of California at its office, room 13, 320
Bansome St.. San Franeisco, up to 3:30
o'clock p. m. of MONDAY. JULY 13. 1903.
farvi opened immediately thereafter in the
presence cf bidders, for furnishing and deliv-
ering the following machinery, etc.. for the
new power house at the Veterans' Home,
Napa County. Cal. (railroad station Yount-
ville). vlx:
Engines, pulleys and shafting, switchboard,
belts, pumps, laundry machinery, bathtubs,
one swing engine bed lathe, one drill press,
one grinding machine for machine shop, two
horizontal boilers.
Specifications for above may be seen and
examined at the office of the Board of Di-
rectors between the hours of 9 a. m. and
6 p. rr.. each week day. Bidders should stato
what they will allow for boilers and engines
to be taken In exchange (said boilers and
engines being now in use at the Veterans'
Home). Money for payment on contracts will
be available immediately' alter January 1,
1304.
If in the opinion of said Board of Direct-
ors of the said Veterans' Home the accept-
ance of the lowest of said sealed bids - or
proposals shall not be for the . best Interests
of the State said Board of Directors hereby
reserves. the right to accept any of cald.blds
or proposals opened, as in their opinion may
be for the best interests of the State, or to
reject any or all of said sealed bids or pro-
posals. For further information and particu-
lars bidders are hereby referred to the 6eo-
retary of the Board of Directors of said Vet-
erans' Home at the office of said Board of
Directors as hereinbefore set forth. By or-
der Of the Board of Directors of the Veter-
ans' Home of California. JOHN F. SHEE-
HAN, Secretary. -
OFFICE of C. Q. M.. Vancouver Barracks,
Warn., Juno 8, 1903. — Sealed proposals, in
triplicate, will be received here until 11 a.
rn.. July 7, 19Q3, and then opened, for the
construction at Vancouver Barracks", Wash.,
of a hospital. : For full Information, plans
and specifications apply to this office. U.S.
reserves the right to reject ar accept any or
ell proposals or any part thereof. Envelopes
containing proposals should be marked : ."Pro-
posals for Construction of Hospital at Van-
couver Barracks. .Wash.." and addressed F.
- H. HATHAWAY, C. Q. M.
AUCTION SALES
5^
AUCTION SALE. WEDNESDAY. JULY ».
1903. at 11 a. m.. ARCADE HOR3E MARKET.
327 Sixth st. 20 head of youn* horses; also
lot of heavy work horses, harness, buggies and
wagons, f JOHN J. DOYLE, Auctioneer.
AUCTION SALE at UJHON STOC3CYARD.
13TH and HARRISON. July t. 1903. 60 h«ad
horses, broke and unbroke; wtlgat from »00 (
to 1400; no reserve.
jfe>
-TO BE SOLD AT AUCTION— 20 head of all-
purpose horses: 40 sets of harness: also a lars*
stock of camp, express and peddling wagons.
at 1140 FOLfeOM St.. 11 a. m.
BAILWAY TBA7EL.
California
Limited...
7b CHICAGO
fe^jpir^j An Ideal Train
f^SllKS^] or Those Who
SANTA FE TBAH5TS.
Leave Market-street Fernr Depot.
I Local I Llm'd J Local lOrTTd
( pany \ D*»y f D*tiy 1 P*"r
Lv. Ban Fran.. 7:30 a 9:30 a 4:0O p 8:00 p
Ar. Stockton... 10:40 a 12:01 p 7:10 p 11:18 P
"Mercsd 1:05 p 1:55 P 1 : H ?
"Fresno 2:40 p 3:20 p » 1» »
"Hanford ... 4:58 p 4:07 p 7:30 a
" Vlsalla .... 4:55 p 4:48 p N 5 : « *
" Bakersfield . 7:15 p 6:00 p 7:35 4
•• Kansas City 2:35 a 7:00 %
"Chicago 2:13 P 8:47 p
a for morning; p for afternoon.
7:30 a. m. Daily Is .Bakersfield Locat. stop.-
ping at all points in San Joarjuln Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at »:5ft a. m. dally.
9:3O a. m. Monday and Thursday ia th»
CALirOBNIA IiiaimsP, carTylay Pal-
ace Slaeptnsr Cars and Dining Cars
through to Chicago. Chair car runs to Bakers,
field tor accommodation at local first-class pas>
sengers. No second -class tickets are honored
on this train. Corresponding; train arrives a:
11:10 p. m. Tuesday and Friday.
9:30 a. m. Daily. Valley Limited. Compoatt*
Car and Reclinlna- Chair Car,b*tw*en Bakers,
field and San Francisco. Corresponding traia
arrives at 11:10 p. m. dally.
4:00 p. m. is Stockton Local. Correspandiac
train arrives at 11:10 a. m. dally.
S:00 p. m. daily is the Overland Express
with thnrash Palacs and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining; Chair cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cut* out at Fresno. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:25 p. m. dally.
Personally conducted parties for Kansas City.
Chicago and East leav« San Francisco «v»ry
Monday. Thursday and Saturday at 8 p. m.
Offices — 611 Market street and In Ferry Da.
pot. San Francisco: 1112 Broadway. Oakland.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN Hi CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
bailvaT compastt.
TiDuroa Ferry, Voot oX lixrist St.
BAST rSAZrCXSCO TO SAS BAPAXI..
WEEK DATS— 7:30. 8:00. »:00. 11:00 a. nt:
12:35, 2:30. 3:10, 6:10, 6:50. 0:30 and 11:30
P. m.
Saturdays— Extra trip at 1:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 7 ISO. 8:00, 8:30. 11:00 a. m. ; 1:30.
2:S0. 3:40. 5:10. 6:30. 11:30 p. m.
SAN RAVAlZXi !i"^ -Aif - /»A.STCISCO.
WEEK DATS— «:0S. «:50. 7:35. 7:50, 9:29.
11:15 a. m.; 12:60. t3:0O. 3:40. 5:00. 5:»>,
8:23 p. m. Saturdays^ — Extra trip at 1:45 p.m.
SUNDAYS— 6:30, 7^55, 9:20, 11:15 a. m.; 1:45.
3:40. 4:30. 5:C0. 5:20, 6:10, 6:25 p. ru. fEx.
cept Saturdays.
! Leave j In Effect I Arrlv«
j San Franclaco. I May 3. 1903. [San Francisco.
I Week I Sun- I Deatlna- I Sun- I Week
Days. • days, j tion. | days. | Day^.
J 7:30a 7:45a 7:45a.
I 7:30a! 8:C0a S:40a 8:40a
8:00 a 9:30 a Lsnacio. 10:2O a 10:20 a
2:00 P 2:30 p 6:00 p 6.20 p
6:10 p 5:10 p 6:20 p 7:23 p
I 7:25 p|
7:20a 7 :S0 a " 7:45 a 7:43 a
8:0Oa 8:00 a Novato. 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:.3Op 9:30 a Petalum* 6:20 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 2:30 p and 7:25 p 7:25 p
| 5:10 p Santa Rosa. ¦
7:30 a 7:30 a 10:20 a 10:20 a
8:0O a 8:00 a . Fulton. 7:25 p «:20p
2:30 p 2:30 p { 7:23 p
| Windsor, | I
7:30 a 7:30 a Healdsburs;. ' 10:20 a 10:20 *
; Lytton,
j 2:30 p 2:30 p Geyserville. 7:25 p T:2B 9
j Cloverdale. (
! 7:30a| 7:30 al Hopland 1 10 :20 a!10:20 a.
2:30 p[ 2:30 p| and Cklah. 7:25 p| 7:25 9
7:30a|7:30a| WlUlts. |7:25p|7:2Sp
8:00 a! 8:0O&| Camp Vacation. 110:20 a!10:20 *
2:S0p| 2:3(fp| GuerneviUe. | 7:25 p| 6:20 p
8:00 al 8:0Ua| Sonoma. I 8:40 al 8:40 a
5:10 p| 5:10 p| Ol«n Ellen. | 6:00 p{ 6:20 9
7:30 al 7:30 at 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 pi Sebastopol. | 7:25 p| 0:20 p
STAGES connect at Green Bra« for Saa
Quentin, at Santa Rosa for Whit* Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton for Altrurla and Marie
West Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs;
at Geyserville for Skag-gs Springs; at Clove--
dale for the Geysers. Boonevtlle and Green-
wood; at Hopland fcr Duncan Springs. High-
land Springs. Kelseyville, Carlsbad Sptinjra. -
Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett Springs; at
I Ukiah for Vichy Springs. Sarateca Springs.
Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter Sprln«s,
t Upper Lake. Porno, Potter Valley. John Day's,
Rivtrcide, Lierly's, Bucknell's. Sanbedria
Heights, Hullville, Git's Hot Sprints. Haif.
way House. Comptch*. Camp Stevens. Hov-
kin*. Mendoclno City, Fort Bras;;, Westport.
Usal: at w tints for Fort Bra*?. Wtstport.
Sherwood. Cahto. Covelo. Laytonvtlie, cum*
mint's. Bell's Springs. Harris. Olsea's. Dyer.
Carbervllle, Pepperwood. Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tlckaU at r»-
duced rates.
On Sunday?— Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. C50 Market straat. Chronic]*
building-.
H. C. WH1TIN0. R. X. RTAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pas. A<1
¦ TO SAN RAFAEL
SAN QUENTIN,
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADZRO.ETC.
via Sausalito Furry
WEEK DATS jHollday. exc*pted>-«:4|.
t»7:45, 8:43. 9:45. 11 a, "»v," :2 * 2 liX 3ilS *
4:15 teiisr"":". 6:45. •. 11:45 p. m.
7:45 a. m. tram w»«k days do«« not run t»
M 8UNDATS AND LEOAl. HOtJDAT»-T.
18 VV. riO. nTtll:30 a. m.. fl2:30. WOO,
2i35l •3:50. 6.4^7:30. 9. 11:45 p m.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin. Taoa*
marked (t) to Fatrfax. except 5:15 p. m. Satur.
daya. On Saturdays the 3:15 p. m. train ruas
"r^OUBAN HAFASTL TO BAN FRANCISCO
—Week day»— 6:25. t6:25. 7:40. 8:13. »:M.
11:06 * m!:^:30. 2:20. J3:45. 4:60. 8^0: •:«&.
10 SUNDAYS— «:1S. T^». »:10. \:4O. tl&ISsV
111-.45 a m.. 12:60. 2;30, »:25. 4:40. »:50.
8:55 7:35, 10:20 p. nt.
Trains marked U) start from San Qumthx
FROM MILL VAXLET TO SAN FRAN-
CISCO— Week days— 5:45, 6:40, 7:45. 8:25,
8:45. 11:10 a. m.. 13:40. 2:15. 5:13. 3:10. 7:05.
10:40 o. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:45. T:55. 10, 11:10 a. m.. 11:03.
1:05 2:40. 3:45. 4:55. 6:05. 7:10. 10:40 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a. m.. week days— Cazadero and wajr
stations.
6:15 p. m.. week days (Saturdays «xcept«d>—
Tomalts and way sutlons.
3:19 p. m.. Saturdays— Caxadsro and way:
sutlcns.
Sundays and Legal Holiday*— 8 a. m.. Cu»-
dero and way stations. :
Sundays and Legal Holidays — 10 a. m.. Point
Reyes und way stations. -
TICKET OFFICE— «2« Market st '
FERRY — Foot of Market st. ' - ¦
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leave Via Stualito fsrrr Arrlv«
SsaFraa. fwt at ¦arxsttt, Sa» Fran.
Week San.. _BgB— San- - 1 We2T
Days. days d»r» Days.
»:46a H:OOa f^biwUM/q Xi-.OOn it: I Ha
; l:45p 9:OOk CT&^^Br 13:5Or3:3Or
ft:15r 1O:OOa 3:3Oc 5:50p
fctartsya tatj.- lesn TWtra T •i3Or,trrmly. ili3*r '
UCUt i oJb MAaiucT St- (North Shora B«ilroM«g
VnCB | aad Sausauto Fkx*t, Foot Mattat Sc
.•' FERSOSALS-— Continued.
VAWCOEE veins and catarrh cured at home.
'Cart or write for tc-stfmonia'.f- DR. WILL-
'. -lAMS^ CO.. 140 Geary ft.. E. F.
I*HTSICIAN. 15. years' experience cures per-
. manentiy morrhine. cocaine habit. Call or
• address Centril Pharmacy. 251 Grant ave..
_ Vo roer Sutter *t.; fee moderate.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday and
•Funday- evenings at Teutonia Hall. Howara
. "e.t.. ;-;ar Ninth Prof. Foster.
ELEGANT *u:ts on ea*y installments; 60 cents
and up per week. LEON LKMOS, 1127 Mar-
ket St., between Seventh and Eighth.
.AT less" than cort. uncalled for fultf, overcoats
} and- trousers, at CHARLES LYONS'. London
.' Ta\lor. 721 Market ft. '
VSl. t5- S. MOORE'S Sci-ntiflc Hair Restorer;
cut^ *>«¦ all disease? of scalp. 332 O'Farrell st.
triTS to erder on lnitlallmerit*. $1 oer week.
• -.Neuhsus & Cc.. mfroh.tcilcrs.727-"2» Market.
ALL.ttvles hsirdrrfsins. 2V: hsir good*: mani-
• curing 25c. O. LEDERER, 123 Stockton st.
TAILOR-MADE suit »7 r.fl; dretsa pants $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont
8>U PERFLUOUS r.s'.r nnd moles removed by
f leftric needle. Dr. iMrs. Traverse, 1170Market_
MASQUERADE crptume*. play book*, wigs.
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S TIgyptiaa Henna restores gray
' tiah- to jtf natural color; gl; at »11 druggists.
Superfluous hair & tru-les removed with elec-
tric needle. Mr?. & Miss Eaton. 1110 Sutter.
PAPEmiAXGING. PAIXTIXG. ISTC.
ROOMS pat-ered. *3 50 up; tinting, painting.
Hartmtr.r. Ptint Co.. Sia 3d rt.; tel. Main 413
PUYSICIAXS AMI M: KG BOX'S.
3DR.Tc. C. ODONNELL — Office and residence.
10pm Market gt.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
RE.VOVED— DU. WONO Hill! herb doctor;
ti'j.:.- ail diseases of the human body; for
;ait COOT yrars r.t 11&-117 Ma&on; now lo-
cated st 607 (l*ary «t.. near Leavenworth.
EH. TONG PO CUT. cuccesror to Dr. Li P»
Tal, herb doctcr: cures all diseases of human
by ate of berba and teas. 727 Washington st.
BLOOD, ek'.n and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. -BALL. 1073^1 Market rv
WrtNG WOO. the famous herb doctor— All d!s-
e'afey cured by Chinese herba. 74<t-6 Clay »t.
• .ROOMS FOR UOl'SBKBEPIXG.
A NEW apartment riouee; furnished and un-
. furnished roorr.s; new management; elevator;
hf t. and cold water. 1049 Market, opp. Jones.
'AT Mayflower: cut rates now for summer. GOS
34 Et. ; M> up; also beautiful rooms $1 week.
33UGHANAN. f>»4 — Two pleasant housekeeping
• rooms; gas range: also alcove suite, complete:
KIdLIS. W.i— Three nicely furnished, sunny
• l.nuseker)iing rooms; bath: phone.
*F< >LPOM. 525 — Large funny fumiiihed room;
. flight lioutfkeeping; f 1 .V> weekly.
GJ'ERRERO. Three Funny nicely furnish-
cl housekeeping room*; phone." bath and
• cis range.
HERBEET (The)-^Sunny apartments for
housekeeping; gas ranges; just newly fur-
\_ nished. 1S3O Polk ft. I
, fcEARNY. 104 — 3 unfurnished sunny rooms,
• $20; no children.
LINDEN ave.. CS2 — Two nice, sunny houst-
"keepins; roorn»; cheap.
OAK. Ill — Two nice, sunny housekeeping
, * rooms; s1k> single; gas. bath.
6IXTH. USA— 3 connecting sunny rooms ror
housekeeping.
FTOCKTON. 1200 — Model housekeeping rooms ;
.•* newly furnished; free gas late; sunny; $3
to fl2 month.
TWENTY-FIRST. 22C7— Two furni«htd rooms;
'bay window. Apply 371 Lexington ave.
A BRANCH effice for Cali advertlsexnents and
¦ , m subscriptions has been established at 1000 Va-
" lentia et. >
MOOMS TO LET— Pom. and I'nfnrn.
A. A.—
. City Room Rentlns; Acea<-y.
f 1027 4 Market «t. Phone Alint lOfifl
• FREE FREE
¦ We locate you free nf charge
: In Room* with or without, board,
•-'.'- Housekeeping Rooms cr Hotel*.
, A— HOTEL NETHERLAND — EUROPEAN 1
PLAN. 18 TURK FT.. 4 LX3OKS FROM
P MARKET: 2SU OUTSIDE ROOMS; STEAM
KEAT AND TELEPHONE IN EVERY
P.C>OM: RATES 75c A PAY UP; SPECIAL
HATES BY THE MONTH.
iA— ERUNlsWICK House, Us Sixth— Rooms
2?»-to SI per R'rht. ?! 2S to *5 per week, and
ligitt i fU!--Ki-»; '.rr rooms; ©pen -ail- night."
,-AT "Tb* Almonte." 1*73 Market st. «or No. 1
Fifth at.)— Rooms, 25c. &oc, $1. $1 5'J night;
•• W to tiu week; aouse open all night.
*A LASOE furriifh»d room lor 1 or 2 genu;
• m tmtb; running wst<«r; reterences. SS3 Post et.
BUjClJANAN. li-*U*. near Geary — Nice. 6unny
rooms, furn.: $5. $6, $8 nuj. ; gent* preferred.
BURNETT. 142C Market— (old No. 13C4)— Fur-
m*hed rooms, tuites, Finitle; also lurnished.
• CLIFFORD— 2(4 Ellis, cor. Massn— Elegantly
• furnished runny room?; prices reasonable.
*El)Dr, 722 — Newly furnished sunny room*;
en suite or single.
• FIFTH. 11». second flat— Nice furnished small
'• 'front room.
'crfAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Koome 5Oc
.* to 91 60 r.Ight; $2 to $« week; reauing-room.
HOTEL ST. VINCENT. 641 Sixth— Beautifully
ftirnished; rooms single or en suite; $1 per
• *"cek up.
'MARKET. 1"-!*. opp. Seventh — Sunny furnished
roc/ns; central; convenient. \>
'•MISsLBRAE Houte. 359 O'Farrell— New man-
agement: l^t class. J. Ccllin. late of Avandel.
. NINTH. 72 — Bay-window front room: also »in-
• gle room, ts 50 upward; sents preferred.
. O'KAKRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
• office* ; elevator; elec. lights; day, week. mo.
• HOYAL. House, 120 El!!*— Incandescent lights.
reading-room, «mokiEg-room and ladies' par-
*. lor; rooms i^r night. S5c to $1 50; week. $2
. to SS;' month. $*J to $50; elevator on ground
floor; roomi with hot and cold water; baths.
• — ¦
SfTTER, ]r^"l — One larre. furniehed front room
with private bell and telephone.
TUPK. 41<J, Regina — Beautiful eunny suites 8c
tingle; latent irr.pts; lowert rates in the city.
IGNITED STATES. 123 Eddy st.. near Market
• —400 sicg'.e and family room*; o5c to $1
r.iglit; $1 75 to $0 week; elevator: electric
lights; reading-room; fre« bus and baggage.
VAN NESS. S18- — Handsome 6unny furnished
Etiltee; double & single rffli ; terms moderate.
VA T N NESS.* 1021— Large. Kunny rocm~la7««
cloeets; suitable for two; reasonable; other
rocms.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 34 st. near Market—
' Most convenient and respectable; 70u rooms;
:.:,c to $ 1 &0 night; $2 to $8 week; elevator;
«lec. tichu: reading-room: free bus; baggage.
A BRANCH efflre for Call advertisements and
cubecrtptions baa been established at 1090
Valencia rt.
ROO3IS AXD BOARD.
AMOY. THE »01 DEVlSADEr.O ET.
Etrlctly firrt-class family hotel; eunny rooms,
»uit* or single; billiards; ttum heat.
VAN NESS 1714 — Select private boanjlng-
. trbuse; rooms single or en suite; desirable lo-
cation: all conveniences of home.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1224 — Large runny front
• rkom with board; rtmninff water, bath; pri-
vate family; tal. fiteiner 3«28. .-..¦
. OLD Stevenson Msnslon. opp. Grace Church,
with aanrx 807 California st.— Attractive ln-
* terior; exceptional table; free bllllard-room.
'•EUNNY furnished rooms wlUi board. 45 week;
- p'ivat* family; gas, bath. S27 Mission at.
THE JOHNSON. 605 O'Farrell »t. — Sunny
tnltea and slnrle rooms, with board; refa.
DIVIDEXD KOTlC J?£u^^
CAlAFOnSlZ~&*tt Deposit and Trust Com-
• pany, corner Californls, and Montgomery sts.
. —For the six months ending June SO, 190.J,
a videna* h&ve been declared on deposiu in
tr.e havings department cf this company as
follows. On term deposits at the rate of
& C-U> per cent per annum, and on ordinary
. deposits at the rate of 3 per cent per annum.
• free of taxes and payable on and after
• Wednesday, July I, 1903. Dividends uncalled
*• for are added to the principal after July 1,
. 1303. J. DAL2ELL BROWK. Manager.
PAVINGS and Loan Society. 101 Montgomery
•* Bt. — Tb* board of directors declared a 4lvl.
" ' ce&d for tt« texjn cndlnc June 30, 1903. at
• . t£« rat* of three aad one-quarter (3%) p«r
• rent per ¦nnmn on all deposits, free of
ia*u*. and payable oa aad after July 1. 1603
Dividends not called tor are added to and
• bear the saim rate of dividend as th* prlncl-
; *.! Irotn a>f after July 1, 1903.
CLAXjS W. CARMANY. Casalar.
•DJVKJEND Notice— The GUnt Powder Com-
• pany. Con. A dividend. No. 65, of Fifty
• cents <50c) per share on the Issued ; capital
t-tock of the Company has b«en declared pay-
able at the office of the Company, rooms 202.
iX>4. 209 Hayward Bide Ean Francisco, on
J*ty luth, l$C3. • Transfer books close July
2rd, at noon. C. C. QU1NN, Secretary/
• LTVIDEXD notice— Security Savings Bank, 222
. u.intft-omery et.. Mills Butldlr.g. For the
• half year ending June 30. 1903, dividends up-
* n all deposiu at the rate of three and cne-
nfth O 1-S> per cent per annum, fre* of
yjxet. will be payable en and after July 1,
SOS. FBED W. RAY. 6ecreUry.
SPECIAL. KOTICES.
KOTICE is hereby given that the Maria Kip
Orphanage of C20 Lake. St.. San Francisco,
fcas received, the following orphans, half
orphans end abandoned, girls from January
lfct to June 30th, 1903:- Charlotte F. Reeves,
aged 11 years: Edith Mackey Johnson. 9
years; Dorothy Campbell. 0 years; Laura Dale
Ash. 10 years; Irene Jones, 13 years; Maria
Grunn, 6 years; Violet E. Golledge. 13
years; Margaret A. Golledge. 11 years; Mat-
tie E Goode 11 years; Hazel O. Goode, 6
years; Georgia Davis. . 2 years; Maud H.
Brown. 10 years; Elsie H. Brown, 9 years;
: Ida M. Brown, 6 years; Mary Jane Forsatx,
18 months. • " •--¦¦?:¦•/'
ABANDONED children in St. Joseph's Infant
Orphan Asylum from Jan. 1, 1902, to Jan. 1,
1903: Raymond Welch, age 6% years; Ruby
Welch, age 4V4 years; Eileen McGlveny. ago
4 years; Esther Fraser, age 4 years.
: A "WEEK'S news fcr 5 cents — The Weekly Call,
I ll> pages, in wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
SPECIALISTS.
CATARRhTdEAFNESS and NOISES in EARS
positively cured; new. method; 1 week's treat-
nvent free. Dr. Cottlngham. 204 Sutter st.
DR. CARRIE EDWARDS, eye. ear. nose and
throat. Removed to 423 Eddy st. '
SEWING MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES
I $15 Q0 drop-head oak, guaranteed; second-hand.
| (6 to $15; some nearly new; 6Q days" exchange
! agreement. Chicago S.M.Exchange, 933 Mkt.
i St.. bet. 6th and 6th; phone South 433; eleva-
tor;» branch. 285 Geary St.; phone Main 750.
"AUTOMATIC" and ether makes at cut rates:
reduction on rents and repairs; bought and
exchanged. Phone Jessie 3136. 143 Sixth st.
STUTTERING AAD STAMJtlEHIJtG.
MELBOURNE System School, Van Neas and
Market: positive cure for all. Don't delay.
| TYPEWRITERS AXD_ SUPPLIES^
i gre^TIbargainsin typewriters'— We
sell better machines for less money than any
i house In the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
A Exchange, S3U California; telephone Main 266.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each; get par-
ticulars. L.. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
gomery at. >
2D-HAND typewriters Bold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Ingpec. Co.. 209 Sansome.
BIRTHS— MARRIA&ES— DEATHS.
! Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
! mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
! In at either of the publication offices and be
i Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
Eons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
MINK— In this city. June 26, 1903, to the wife
of Louis Mink, a daughter.
SCIIMITT— In this city. July 4. 1003, to the
wife of C. Sehmitt. a daughter.
ZEIS— In Oakland. July 4, 1003, to the wife of
Adolph Zein. a *on. r
_______ ..
i BERT— SHATTER— April 11, lOttl. George L.
Bert and Lulu S. Shapter, both of San Fran-
clsco. .
died]
Alexander. De^ Eston Lyons, Richard H.
Hurke, Janvs E. Miller, Theresa C. R. »
Carlson. John Moser. Conrad
Collins, WiHIam Noalon, James < B.
Cuneo, I-uigi O'Connor, George H.
Deen. Ida II. Pearson, Rlgrld
Driscnil, Margaret K. rreston. George
Dwyer. Edgar C. Rolnhardt, Angle
Garrity. Katharine Rich, Jessie M.
JIalk. Agnes II. Ryan, John
Harney, Mary Ryan. Wlnnlfred A.
Jude. Patrick Stam^r. Gustave N.
Keith. Benjamin R. Swanson, Peter " » '
Ke.-.gh. Ruth I'sedom. Wilhelm F.
Kerwin, Thomas Vannoy, Jasper N. .
Lagorio. T^eopold Wrderber. Rudolf
Levy. Rosalia Walk»r, John
Lundstrom, Annie W.
ALEXANDER — In Oakland, July r.. 190.1, al
' <km) Brockhurst street, De Eston Wiley, only
J child Of M. \V. and Ida May Alexander, a
native of California, aged 7 years 11 months
an<1 7 days. .
BURKE— In this city. July .'.. 11)03, James Ed-
ward, dearly baloved . husband of Adeline
Uurk«, father of Alice Burke, beloved i>on
of William H. and tho late CaUierin« Burke,
and brother of William J., l'fter J.,- Henry
F.. Thomaw P., Kmma I., Marcus R.. Cath-
erine M. and Alice F. Burke. Mrs. J. Hall.
Mrs. .1. Finnerty and the late Mary Loring,
a native of Halfmoon Bay. San Mateo
County, Cal., aged 20 years 6 months and 20
days.
CCTNotico of funeral hereafter.
CARLSON— In this city, July 4, 1!VC, \John,
dearly beloved husband of Louise Carlson, a
' native of Sweden, aged 36 years 1, month
'¦ an<T21 -days/ Arnerflber df Marine Engineers
{ No."- 35. . ' .
• ¦¦ cyFrienJs and acquaintances are respect-
I fully invited to attend the funeral services
| Tuesday. July 7. l!>03. at 2 o'clock, at his
; late residence. 1035 Montgomery avenue. In-
; torment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
COLLINS— In this city. July 2, 1903. William
Collins, aged 38 years.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Monday,
July ti. MRiCl, at 1 o'clock, from Charles J. H.
Metzier'a undertaking parlors. C5»J Washing-
ton street. Interment National Cemetery,
Presidio.
! CUNEO— In this city. July 3, 1903, Lulgl,
dearly beloved husband of Maria Cuneo,
father of Joseuh. Paul, Mamie and the late
Charles Cuneo and Mrs. Delia Fessler. - and
brother of Charles Cuneo, a native of Italy,
aged *zi year* •*> months and 13 days.
(CTFriendb and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Monday, .
July «!, 190.1. at 10 o'clock, from his late
residence. 190C Powell street, near Green-
: wich, thpneo to Sts. Peter and Paul> Ital-
ian Church, where at 10:3O o'clock a requiem
high maHs will be celebrated for the repose
! of hi« soul, thence to 423 Broadway, where
funeral will leave at 1 o'clock to Holy Cross
Cemetery. •
DEEN— In this city. July 8, 1003, Ida H.. be-
loved wife of Charles R. iv*n. and sister of
• A.-E. Kelley, a native of Ohio, aged 30
years
DRISCOLL— In thin city. July 2. 190.1. Mar-
garet Kellv. widow of Timothy ¦ Drlscoll, i
dearly beloved mother of Mrs. Mary A. Hol-
land and Mrs. Belle McNamara. sister of
Mrs. ' Julia McCarthy, and grandmother of
Victor Holland and Gladys, Aloysius and
Justin McN'amara. a native of Kennelgh,
' County Cork, Ireland, aged 70 years.
inyFriends of the family are respectfully
: ! invited to attend the funeral Monday, July
i <",. at it o'clock, from her late residence. VS.)
Capp street, thence to St. Charles Borro-
meo's Church, where a solemn requiem high
• mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment
: . Holy Cross Cemetery-
DWYER— In this city, July 5.' IMS, at the
home of his parents, 1320^ fc'anehez street.
Edgar Carroll, beloved son of WiHIam J. ami
Kttfila M. Dwyer. and brother of Mildred
V. and Mary M. Dwyer, a native of Napa,
Cal.. aged 0 months.
tJARRITY— In this city. July 5, 100.5. at tha
residence. 1210A Scott street. Katherine R..
beloved daughter of Hannah M. and the late
Peter Garrity. a native of San Francesco.
ICIntermeiit private.
HALK— In this city, July . r », 1903, Agnes H. t
helovVd daughter of John A. and Agnes
Halk. a native of San Francisco, aged 2
months and 20 days.
tC7"The funeral will take place to-day
fMonday), at 2 o'clock, from the parents'
residence. 74 Harriet street, between Fol-
som and Howard. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
HARNEY— In this city. July 5. 1903, Mary.'
beloved wife of Michael Harney, and mother
" of Philip, Katie, Mae, John, Margaret, Michael.
Annie and W1U1« Harney. a native of Queens
: County. Ireland, aged 45 years.
CSTriends an<l acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence. r>llt Thirtieth street, thence to Kt.
Paul's Church, where a' requiem high mass
¦will be c»Iebrated for the repose of her soul
at s» o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
JUDE— In this city, July 5, 1903, Patrick Jude,
. beloved father of Mrs. George Sandeman Jr.,
Mrs. Samuel Towle Jr. and Mrs. G. G.
Hamilton, and sister of Mrs. John Collins,
a native of Ireland, aged •;."» years.
£7Remains at the parlors .of McFadden.
McBrearty St. Green, 1171 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eltrhth.
KEITH— In. this city, July 5, 1903, Benjamin
¦ R., beloved husband of Tomasina V. Keith.
a native of New Brunswick. A member of
Excelsior Lodge No. 120 of Workmen. (New
Brunswick, Canada, papers please copy.)
(LTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
- Tuesday, July 7. 1903, at 2 o'clock, at his
late residence, 337« Twenty-flrst street,
thence by electric funeral car from corner of
Eighteenth and Guerrero streets at 2:30
o'clock. Interment Cypresg Lawn Cemetery.
KEOGH— In this city, July 4. 1903, Ruth
¦ Keogh, beloved Infant daughter of John and
Lucia Keosh, and bister of James and Eva
Keojh, a native ct San Francisco, teed 1
- year 9 months and 14 days. ¦ • ¦ • .
'C7Frien<l> and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend • the funeral : Monday,
• July 0, 1903, at 10 o'clock, by carriages,
from tha residence. of her- parents. 12S San'
Carlos avenue, between Eighteenth and
Nineteenth streets. Interment crivate.
KERWIN— In this city. July 5. 1003. Thomas,
beloved husband of the late Katherine Ker-
win, father of Thomas and Maggie Kerwin
and Mrs. W. If. Johnson, and brother of
Mrs. Margaret White, a native of .County
Longford, Ireland; aged 5.1 years.
EjTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 0 o'clock, from his ¦ late resi-'
dence, "46 Ivy avenue, thence to , St. Mary's
j} ' NEAREST THE CITY ~^j
j OFFICE: 916 MARKET ST. J
BAILWAY TBAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Trains lears and »re due to arrival at
- SAN KRANCI3CO.
(Main Line. Foot cf Market Street)
tBATg — mo* ixjvm 21, iwa. — AiaaTm
" 7.00a BentciA. Salsun, Bltnira and Sacra-
mento 725i>
7.00a Vacavllle, Wlntera. Rumser. 7.25*
7.30a Martlnes, San Ramon, Vallejo,
. Kap*. CMlstoca, Santa Roia 8 25f
7 30a Mies. Lnthrop. Stockton..... 7.26r
• ¦00a Davis. VToodlaod. Knights LanAlsr.
> • MarrsvlUe. OroTlUe. (connects
¦ at Marysvllle for Grl<l'.ey, B!s3»
and Chlro) 7.So»
SCOa AtlaotioBipTeM-Ogilcn and East. 10.25a
8 00 a Port Costa, Martinez. Actloch. By , ¦ ¦
ro&.Tracy.Stockton.StcrameiiM.
¦. * " Los Banos. Mcndota, Ilanrord.
Vlsalla. portervllle m4,2Sf
8.00a Port Cosu. Man Inez. Lalhrop.Mo-
> desto. Merced, rresno. Oofhea
Junction. Han ford, Vlsalla.
Bakersfleld 625»
8.30a Shasta Express — Davis. Williams
(for Bartlett Springs). 'Willows,
tFruto, Red IUaff. Portland 7.55*
830a STItes, San Jose, Lirermort!, Stock-
ton,lone.SacT«mento,riaceMllle.
'Maryifllle. Cblco. Kfd Rlu3 428»
|.30a Oskdale. Chinese. Jamestown. 8c
nor*. Tnoliimne and Angels ..... 4.25*
9.00a Martinet and Way Stations 6.65r
10.00a Vallejo 12.25*
«10-00a Cretcent City Express. Kastbound.
: —Port Costa, Byron, Trscy, La-
throp, Stockton. Merced. Kay-
mond. Fresno. Hanford. Viislia,
Bakerofleld. Los Angeles and
Kew Orleans. (Westbound ar«
rlre»~*s Pacific Coast Express,'
?la Coaiit Llse) «1.30>
1000a The Overland Limited — Ogden,
Denver, Omaha. Chicago. 6 2S*
12.00m Hayward, Nllr* and W»y Stations. 3.25*
ti.OOr Sacramento Rl»er Steamers t11.00>
3-50p Benlcin, Winter*. Sacramento,
Woodland. William*. Coln*a,Wil-
lowfi.-Knldhtu Landing. Marys-
Title, Ororillea&d way utatlons.. 10-BBa
SZOp Hay ward. Klles and Way Stations.. 7 6S»
4.C0P M*rtIcez.Saiilt*mon.Vallel<»,Kapa l
CslUtoga. 8ant«i Ro»a 9.25a
400r MartInex.Tracr,Lathrop.StceEtoo. 10.25a
4 OOP Nlles. Llrermore. Stockton. Lodl.. 4.2&>
4.30r Hay ward. Niles. IrTlngton. fian I t8.B5A
Jose. LlTermore f {11.65a
BOOp The Owl Limited— rresno. Tulare,
;' . BakaitQeld, Los Angeles; con-
nects at Snugus for Santa Bar-
bara 868*
600r Port Co«ta, Tracy, Stockton, Los
Hanos. <. 12-zor
15 30p Klles, S*u Jose Local 7.29a
8C0r Hayward. Klles and Can Jose 1025*
6.CQp Orlectal Mall— Ojrden. IHnTer.
- Omaha. 6t. Louis. Chicago asd
Kh«v. (Carries Pullman Car pas- ,
seogers only out of fesn Fran-
ctsco. Tourist car and cosen
passengers take 7X0 p. x. train
to Rc&o, continuing thence in
. ' '. ' their cars 6 r.x. t rain eastward.. 423»
ITeitbonnd, Saaset Limited.—
From Kew fork, Chicago, Kew
Orleans, El Paso. Los Angeles,
Fresno. Berenda, Raymond (from
Totemlte). Martinez. Xntres.. 8.2S*
7.C0r San Pablo. Port Costa, Martinez
and Way Sutlons 11-25*
*7.C0* Vallejo 7.6S»
, 7.00> Port costs. Benlcla, Sulson, DaTls,
- Bscramento, Trucker. Reno,
Stops at all stations east of
Bacramento 7-65*
8-Cdp Oregon & California Express— Sac-
- /' ramento, Maryirllle, Reddtsg,
' Portlnnd. Puget Sound and K»*t. 8 55*
18-IOp Hayward, Klles and Ean Jose (Son-
day only) 211. 55 1
11.25r Port Costa, Trscy, La throp. Mo-
de* to. Merced. Raymond (to To-
semite). Fresno 12-26>>
Hanford. vlialla. Bakersfleld 6-25>
COAST LINE (Barrow Hugs).
¦ (Foot of Marltet Street.)
17.4Sa Santa Cms £xcuriioa (Sunday '
s only) a-10r
8.15a Kewark. Centerrllle. San Jose,
Felton, Boulacr Creek. Baata
Cruz and Way Stations 6 2S*
12.16r Kewark. CenterTllle, Ban Jose,
New Alraaden. Los Gatos.Feltcn.
Boalder Creek, Santa Cras and
Principal Wa/ Buttons 10 55a
4-16* Newark. San Jose. Los Ostoe aad
way stations (ou Saturday and
Sunday runs throngh to Santa
/.'.Cruz, connects at Felton for
Boulder Creek. Monday oily
V from Santa Cru2> t8.85 >
. OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN if it an Cisco. Foot or Market S*. (BllpR)
— f»:15 9.C0 11:00 A.M. 1.00 300 5.15 r.x.
From OAKLAND. Foot of Broadway — t«:CO J3:(H
t8:08 10:00 a.m. 12 00 2 00 4.00r.it.
COAST LINE (Uroad Usage).
(l'blrd aad Tuwnseod StfeetaJ
6.10a. £an Joeoand Way Stations......... i.ZOr
17 COa fian Jote and Way Stations 6.30r
/7 00a Kew Almaden.. S4.10r
:7.15a Monterey and Santa Cruz Excnr
•Ion (Snnday enly) tBZQr
cS.OOa Cosh Line Liniitfd— Stops only San
" Jo«e,Gllro;.Holl'ster.Pajaro.Ca»-
tioville. Sallna*. San Ardo, Paso
Kobles. Santa Margarita. San Lois
Oblipo,(prtnrlpal stations theace)
Santa Bsrbara. and Los An-
geles. Connection at Cattrorill*
to and from Monterey and Pacific
Grove and at Psjaro north bound
. ' frc* Capitola and feantaCrui.... 10-45*
8X0a gtn Jose. Tret Plnos. Cspltola,
BautaCrus.Paclne Grove, Salinas,
Ban Lula Oblspo and Principal .
Intermediate Station* * 4.10*
Weatbonnd only. Pacts'*. Coaat Ex-
Drew.— From Kew York.CbJrago,
, Kew Orleans. £1 Psso. Lot An*
relet, Santa Barbara. Arrives.. '.SOr
10.|0a gau Jote and Way Stations 1.20?
11 . 20a San Jote, Los Qatos and Way Stv
• tlons 5.38*
«1 J0F Sab Jote sod Way Sutlon x 7.00»
2 CCp San Jote and Way Stations {8.40a
1*.3.C0i*Del Monte Rxpreaa— 6anta Clara,
to ban Jcte. Del Monte. Monterey.
Pacific Grore (connects st Santa
Clara for Santa Cruz, Bonlder
Creek and Narrow Gacge Polnu) 112-15*
o3a0r BorllDptme. San Mateo. Redwood,
Mtnlo Park. Palo Alto, Mayoeld,
Mountain View, Lawrence, Santa
Clara, 8»n Jose, GUroy (connee-
tion for Hoilltter, Tret PIdos),
Ptjtro (connection for Watson-
TlUe. Capitola and Santa Crux),
Psciflc Grove and way stations.
Connects at Castrovine for Sa>
-. _„ «aa« ia4SA
«430r.San Jososnd Way SUtlont 8.38a
etoCOp Stn Jote. (tU Santa Clara) Los
U a tot, Vf right and Principal Way
Stations .'....;. f900A
oiS-ZOy banJo»eaD;1PrinclpalWayStatlont +8 00a
018.161- fcanMateo,neresford,n<«lmoni.8an 'TT
Carloa. Redwood, Fair . Oaks.
Menlo Park. Palo Alto...... t6.49»
G.ZCr Baa Jvtr atid Way SUtiona 6.38a
o7X0p Sunset Limited, tantbound.— Saa
\ . Luit pbttpo. Santa Barbara. Los*
Angeict, Denting. El Paso, New
Orletat. Kew York. (Westbonad
>-« •nlresTiaSMiiJcsqulnValley)... vB -2S*.
8 .COr Palo Alto and Way Stations."....... 10-16a
•111.301 MUlbrae, Palo Alto and Way Sta-
• '¦¦ tlont ..;.......... .•..".. . t9jiSv
•n.3DPMlllbrae. San Jose and Way 8ta-
. tlont..... tSABr
_ A lor Uorntng. p for Arwrnoo*.
X Saturday and Sunday only.
\ Stops st all sutlons on Sunday,
l Sunday excepted. i Socday only.
u F. uturday only. • .
- • Connects stGoshen Jc with trains for HasfoN. -
Vlsalla. At Fretno. for VUalla TtaSaoeer.
«vl» Coatt Line, j Tuesday and Friday.
»« Arrive Tta KUes. « Pally except Saturday.
»Vla San Joaqiiin Va'.iey. -
\ Stops Eaota Clara toath bound only. Connect*
extort Sunday, for all points Narrow Gauce.
pot tuu> at ValtacJaiii.
GTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at J):30 o'clock, from the resl-
dpnee of his parents; 561 A Natoma street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where a re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
PEARSON— In this city. July 6. 1003; Sigrld.
beloved wife of Andrew Pearson, mother of
Leauenr and Viola Pearson, and sister of
Mrs. Edela Thorson, Mrs. Hulda Larsen and
Bror and Oustav Est*rbcrg. a native of
Sweden, aged 40 years 1 month and 18 days.
PRESTON— In the City and County Hospital,
July r>. l>>03. George Preston, a native of
Kngland. aged 42 y«nrs.
REINHARDT— In this city. July 4, l»03. An-
gle, beloved wife of Charles Relnhardt, a na-
tive of New York, aged 2* years and 23
days. / •
RICH— In Oakland. July 4, 1S>O3. Jesste May.
beloved daughter of George O. and Alice
Rich, a native of Los Angeles, Cal., aged 8
y«arS 11 months And 5 days.
EXFrlends ore respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-day (Monday),
at 2 o'clock, nt her late home, 2«i, Ninth
street, Oakland. «r
RYAN— In the City and County Hospital. July
3. r.KT., John Ryan, a native of Ireland, aged
4(J years.
RYAN— In this city. July 6, 1903: Winnlfred
Agnes, beloved daughter of Anna and. the
late Timothy Ryan, and sister of May, Kath-
erine and the late Anna M. Kyan, a .native
of Sonoma. Cal., aged lf» years.
(CT'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from the residence
of her mother, 1440 Leavenworth street,
thence to S\. Brlgld's Church, where a sol-
¦ otnn requiem mass will b« celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 0:30
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
STAMER— In Alameda, Cal., July 5, .1803.
• Gustave •N."~fitamer7™t>elov«ir~ r husband ¦' of
Amelia Stamer. and father rtf Lilly; Julius
and Amelia Stamer, a native of Germany,
aged' (51 years. • • . < --
SWANSON— In this city, July 5, 1903. Peter
Swanson. a native of Swed«n, aged 52'v e& rs
2 months and 23 days.
USEDOM— In' this city, July 5. lJXtt.' Wilhelm
F. 11.. youngest and beloved child of Wil-
liam and Anna Usedom, and brother of
Kmma and Anna Usedom, a native of San
Franeisco. aged 10 months and 10 days.
IC7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funefal Tuesday,
July 7. 1£W3. at 2 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his parents. 1B5V4 Natoma street,
between New Montgomery and Third, Mis-
sion and Howard. Interment Mount Olivet
Cemetery •
VANNOY— In this city, July 5. 1903, Jasper
N. Vannoy. a native of Tennessee, aged 65
years !»' months and 25 days.
VERDERBER-In this city, July 5, 1003, Ru-
tlolf Vcrderber, beloved son of Joset and
.Tosefa Verderber, and brother of Ida Ver-
derber. a native of Cleveland. Ohio, aged 1
year 10 months and 2 days.
WALKER— In this city, July 5. 1903, John
Walker, a native or Germany, aged 74 yearb
10 months and 10 days.
(CFrlend/ and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
tlie Gantner & Guntz Undertaking Company.
120s> Mission , stn»»t. between Eighth and
Ninth. Interment Cy"press Lawn Cemetery.
Cathedral, where a requiem high mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his aoul at
9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross , Ceme-
;. tery. •>
LAGORIO — In this city, -July .4. 1903, Leopold,
dearly beloved son of Louis arid Aurora La-
gorlo, brother of Leo, Eddie, Erminla," Regl-
1 nald and Irene Lagorlo, and beloved nephew
of Mrs. Allla Bertuccl, a; native .of. San
Francisco, aged 12 years and 17 days. •
C7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
July 7, 1003. • at JO :.'J0 o'clock, .from ' his
parents' residence, S30 .Alabma street, be-
tween Twentieth and Twenty-first./ Inter-
ment New Italian Cemetery.
.LEVY— In this city, July\4, 1003, Rosalia, be-
loved wife of L. A. Levy, and mother Of
Mrs. Leopold Michels, a native ,of. Alsace,
aged 73 years. -•"?;.•
K^Frienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-da>
(Monday), at 12:45 o'clock, ., from her late
residence, 1321 Sutter Btreet. . Interment
Home of Peacj Cemetery, by epecial .train
leaving Third and Townsend streets at 1 :45
o'clock.
LUNDSTROM— In Ross Valley. July 5. 1903.
Annie W. Lundstrom, dearly beloved Wife Of
the late John A.' Lundstrom, and- beloved
i mother of Harold and Lloyd Lundstrom, a
native of San Francisco, aged 48 years.
LYONS— In this city, July 5, 1003, Richard
Harold Lyons, dearly beloved eon of Rich-
ard and Rlrdie Lyons, a native of San
Franclaco, aged 6 months.
(ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Wednes-
day. July 8, 1903. at I o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his grandparents, Mr. and Mr*.
Daniel O'Conneil. 2433 Mason street. .Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery. - .. ¦
MILLER— in this city. July 3.. 1003. Theresa
Cornelia Randle Miller, beloved wife of th*
late George W. Miller, and mother of George
W. Miller, a native of Ban Francisco.
E7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
at 2 o'clock, from her lat« residence, 1342
Hayes street. Interment private.
MOSER— In Frultvaie, Alameda County. July
4, 1003. Conrad Moser. dearly beloved hus-
band of thp late Margaret Moser. and father
of Mrs. C. Ulrich, Gus Moser. Robert Moser,
Lena Moser, Mrs. A. Rcss. Ferdinand Moser.
Elva Moser. Velm© ' Mo**r. , and Rev. Father
Ildej)honse Moser, O. F. M.. Of Santa Bar-
bara, » native of Canton Zurich, Switzer-
land, aged C3 years 2 months and 15 days.
(Denver papers please copy.) . . /
cyFrlends *nd acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at $ o'clock, from the parlors of
the Gantner & Gunts Undertaking company.
* 1209 Mission street, between Eighth and
Ninth, thence to St. Anthony's Church, Army
I street, near Folsom, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul.- commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
NEALON — Drowned In Russian River, July 4.
11)03. James B. t beloved son of Mary and the
lato Patrick Nealon, and brother of Kathryn,
M. T. F. and John N<»alon, Mrs. Horn and
Mrs. Martin, a native of Redwood City, aged
20 years 6 months and 20 days.
• EjTNctice of funeral hereafter.
O'CONNOR— In this city. July 4. 1G03. George
H.. beloved son of Charles and Mary J.
O'Connor, brother of Charles D.. John J.,
Lillian and Mary E. O'Connor, and grandson
of the late Dennis and Bridget Renting, a
native of San Francisco, aged 2» years and
3 months. '• • i.' %
FIREMAN WHO MET DEATH AT A FIRE ', IN OAKLAND. COMRADE
WHO WAS SERIOUSLY BURNED WHEN THE BUILDING COL
LAPSED, AND VIEW OF THE RUINS.
Janitors' Union Xo. 10,367 held a special
meeting yesterday afternoon. Addresses
were delivered by several prominent labor
leaders and a programme was rendered.
T. A. Myers, Pat O'Connor and A. W.
Relnhardt were elected delegates to the
San Francisco Labor Council. •
Janitors Hold a Meeting.
Acy cli book bound to look like new from
25e up. Mrspll-Itollins, 22 Clay. Main 6051. •
The members of the Union Printers'
Aid Society met yesterday afternoon and
elected the following officers to serve
during the ensuing year;
PresMent. E. B. Crawford; first vice- presi
dent. E. II. Donahue: second vice president,
J. J. Collins; recording s«-cr»rtary. J. Paul
Spencer; financial secretary. G. H. Branch;
treaFurer. H. V. rtifT>l: marshal. J. t>.
I^einr: guardian. P. J. Cotter: board of direc
tor* — J. W. Kelly, R. E^Hetherington, F. W.
Gnekow. L. M. Smltzer and L. A. BlckelL
Printers' Aid Society Officers.
Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druggists. 00c flask. Richard & Co.. 406 Clay. ¦
Miss Lucy Laney, principal of the
Hains Memorial School, Augusta. Ga.,
delivered an address at the First Presby
terian Church, Van Ness avenue, last
night before a big congregation. In de
scribing the early history of the colored
people of this country Miss Laney said
that whatever faults they might possess
tvere entirely due not to willfulness or
obstinacy, but wholly to their training
when living under the rule of slavery.
Speaks of the Negro.
Using axes and hatchets and- even with
their naked hands the rescuing party tore
away the heavy beams of wood which
covered the three firemen. . Slcotte . and
Barr were soon carried from the cellar
into which they, had been hurled, but it
was impossible to reach Parker. His
moans crew fainter and then ceased.
When the- rescuing party reached his body
he was dead. ¦
Fireman Frank Parker and his com
rades, A. A. Sicotte and D. J. Barr, were
attached to Enuine Company No. 3 of
West Oakland. Parker, Slcotte and Barr
carried a line of hose .into an empty store
beneath the Arcata House and fought the
flames whjch raged in the rear of the
building- . .
They had not been at work more than
five minutes when the entire building
caved in, burying the three men beneath
the flaming mass of beams and woodwork.
Firemen, policemen and citizens bravely
dashed to the rescue of the imprisoned
men. Their cries could be hearA- and
streams of water were turned on the spot
from where the cries came. /
When the fire ensines arrived Chief
Nick Ball did all that was possible to
prevent the fire in the Arcata and the
Waldorf from spreading to the adjoining
buildings. A third alarm was sent in
and all the apparatus quickly responded.
The residents ot the Waldorf, 1 hastily
aroused, just had time to flee for their
lives. Men, women and children, clad only
in their night robes, rushed to the street,
and few of them were able to save more
than a jrarment or two.
ed. They hurried back to the scene of
the fire and awakened tne people sleep
ing in the Waldorf, the rear rooms of
which were burning fiercely.
FIRE SPREADS TO WALDORF.
Sicotte and Barr attempted to set back
Into the burnlnsr ruins to save Parker.
"Let me go," thev both cried as kindly
hands held them In restraint. "Frank Is
in there." they both shouted in what was
temporary mania .as they fought desper
ately to break loose from the men who
held them. Force was . required to pre
vent the brave firemen from going back to
what. seemed certain death.
' Sicotte- and .Barr were • taken to the
Health Office across the city park and
attended to by Secretary Dan Doody of
the Board of Health until medical assist
ance could be summoned. t
A. • dramatic 'scene took place when
Slcotte and Barr were taken by force Into
the office of the Health Board. They
broke away from their friends and in
temporary distraction crawled around on
the floor, as if in. search pf their unfor-
This sale, children's shoes for 35c a pair.
T*usy B** Shoe Company. 1029 Market et..
above Sixth. Sale 1> o'clock fharp. •
Benjamin Olscn, 75 years of age and
residing at S333 Sacramento street, was
severely injured while stepping from a
Caiifornia-Ftrcct car at Central avenue
yesterday afternoon. The aged man at
tempted to alight -while the car was in
motion and fell. He was treated at the
Park Emergency Hospital for contusions
of rhe head and body.
Reuben Vallot. 11 years of age and liv
ing at 436 Page street, fell from a donkey
in Golden Gate Park and dislocated his
left forearm. He was also treated at the
park hospital.
Aged Man and a Boy Hurt-
California Sun, "Wind and Dust
Weaken eyes and cause inflammation and
redness. Murine Eye Remedy restores and
strengthens. Cures all eye diseases,
doesn't smart, soothes eye pain. An aid
to those wearing glasses. Sold by drug
gists and opticians. •
These officers had Just reported ; off
duty and were going home .when. 'the
alarm of fire for the Arcata House sound-
Andrews dragged the man Into the
street and the flames then made it im
possible for the police officers to again
enter the place.
From the time the alarm was sent' in
from box 06 until the police officers were
driven out by the flames and could not
further carry on the work of rescue, not
more than four minutes elapsed. For
this reason the officers think it poisible
that some people were- unable to make
their escape from the doomed- structure.
While the work of rescuing the inmates
from the Arcata House was being. carried
on Bimilar brave work. was v belng«done in
the Waldorf rooming-house' by Policemen
C. T. Hunley, Mulgrew, Crossman, Hall
and Williams.
Officer Henderson dashed up to the top
floor of the building but he was only
able to proceed to the front rooms, as the
rear portion of the lodging-house was -a
roaring furnace. Henderson was driven
back by the flames and' smoke and he
managed ' to stagger downstairs and into
the street, where he fell half suffocated
by smoke. He managed to inform Officer
Andrews that there was a paralytic lod
ger lying on the floor of a hall-way and
begged his comrade to go back and save
the man. Andrews again entered the
building and found the unconscious lod
ger on the second floor, to which point
Henderson had brought him from the
floor above.
POLICEMEN SAVE LODGERS.
Officer "W. B. Henderson, night jailer
at police headquarters and Officers Lee
Andrews and James H. Smith were in the
station house when the alarm from . box
06 sounded. They dashed from police
headquarters, ran across the park to the
Arcata House and entered the burning
building.
These brave officers risked their lives
in awakening the inmates of the burning
building, for it was being rapidly de
voured by the flames. Officer Smith was
able to go to the second floor and break
open some of the doors and was assisted
by Officer Lee Andrews. These officers
claim that all the persons sleeping on the
second floor made their escape.
Price looked out of the window across
the park and saw that the Arcata was
on fire from top to bottom and he at
once sent in the alarm for box 56, through
the "repeater." The quick Judgment of
Price resulted in the saving of many
lives, as box 56 is worked by a key and it
would have taken -'precious minutes to
reach the box and send in the alarm
from it.
HOUSE A MASS OF FLAMES.
The discovery that the Arcata was on
fire was made by Assistant Electrician
Dan Hopkins of the police alarm system.
Hopkins wa« near the City Hall testing
the wires of the alarm system when he
saw smoke and flames pouring from the
Arcata lodging-house. He at once cried
out "fire" and the sound of his voice
reached Frank Price, the man in charge
of the electric batteries of the fire depart
ment, who was in his rooms In the top
floor of fire headquarters.
Hall, was totally destroyed by
fire at #,o'clock this morning. During the
progress of the blaze Fireman Frank
Parker was killed and A. A. Sicotte and
D. J. Barr, extramen of the department,
seriously injured. The Waldorf rooming
house,' located on Telegraph avenue, was
also badly damaged by fire.
Parker and his comrades, were in the
Arcata when It caved In on them, bury
ing them beneath a mass of flaming de
bris and it was only by heroic efforts
that Sicotte and Barr were rescued and
the body of Parker recovered from the
ruins.
Until the ruins are gone over to-mor
row it is impossible to tell whether or
not any unknown lodgers In the Arcata
met death in the flames and smoke. It
is the opinion of police and firemen that
some of those in the building were unable
to make their escape.
At 3:44 this morning an alarm of fire
was turned in from box 51 for a fire in
the brick building formerly used by the
Electric Light and Power Company," lo
cated at Second and Webster streets.
Eighteen mimutes later the Arcata lodg
ing-house was discovered to be in flames
and an alarm was sent in for the second
fire from box 56. Long before the fire
apparatus responded to the secona alarm,
the Arcata was a seething furnace and
the fierce sweep of the flames jumped
across a space of twenty-five feet and set
fire to the Waldorf building in its rear.
OAKLAND. July 5.— The* Arcata
lodging-house, a three-s tory
frame building located at 32 San
Pablo avenue, opposite the City
Detectives Recover Weapon
and Learn Name of
the Shooter.
Detectives are puzzled ,over an attempt ;
to take the life of Mrs. Lulgi Romani.
wife of a well-known restaurant man,
residing at Ell Montgomery avenue. Three
shots were fired at the 'woman by an Ital
ian, supposed to be Luigia x^ia, from a
building at 23 Jansen street early Satur
day evening. Each shot passed close by
her bead. The police are on the trail of
.the man who, it is supposed, fired the
s*hots.
Rcmar.I is a partner in the restaurant
conducted hy Colombinl & Romani at €30
Montgomery street. His wife was seated
at a window In the rear of her residence
en Saturday evening when she was
startled by a crashing of glass and by
the whiz of a bullet near her head. The
first bullet vras followed closely by an
other and the second by a third. Each
leaden missile passed within an inch of
the woman's head and she sat terrified.
• "When the shooting ceased Mrs. Romani
first awakened her children and then gave
the alarm. Patrolmen responded but they
were unable to discover any trace of the
would-be assassin. The only evidence they
Recured was the glass scattered about the
floor 'and the three bullets imbedded in
the wall opposite. A thorough search
was made, but to no avail. The police at
the Central station were then notified and
an investigation was commenced.
Detective Stephen Bunner took charge
of the case yesterday morning. He ques
tioned Mrs. Romani, but she professed ig
norance as to a motive for the attempt to
destroy her life. Bunner finally diseov
«»red that the shots •wore fired from a
building at 23 Jansen street. The would
be assassin had seated himself in a win
dow and, taking deliberate aim. had fired
upon the woman. He used a Springfield
rifle of the latest type, but his shots failed
of tiirir mark and his intended victim's
life was scared.
Bunner worked until an early hour this
morning. He succeeded in locating the
house and the room from which the shoot
ing was done. Afterward he learned that
Lia occupied the room and started out to
take him into custody. The motive at
tributed by the police is revenge. Bunner
recovered the rifle with which the shoot
i.nj* was done and took it to the Central
Police Station last night. He also found
a. lar^e quantity of ammunition.
A number of Italian resorts were
watched by detectives and patrolmen late
last' night in the hope that Lia might
visit some of them. All the officers in the
North Beach district were furnished with
a description of the suspected man and
were given orders to keep a constant look
out for him.
Mrs. Bee'a ; husband saw her enter. the
house and rushing In carried, her out of
the . back door just as the falling wall
struck ; the v building. ¦ ' ; P. Beets and his
wife and '¦¦ Mrs. ', M. Edden had . rooms in
the * house, v but left the premises > before
the "wall: fell. ,
"; The old i power station was last : occu
pied , by , the ' Hickmot ; Canning Company.'
It was ¦ empty * at the • time of i ts destruc
tion. * The loss on Hhe " building Is esti
mated . at • $15,000, covered by insurance.
During the fire which destroyed the old
power station of the Oakland Gas, Light
and Heat -Company at Second and Web
ster . streets - this morning, Mrs. A. Bee,
who 'occupies 'the house adjoining .the
burned - building, ; had a very narrow es
cape-from serious injury or death. She
was endeavoring to save some of the con
tents of the dwelling when the "west wall
of- the power station fell upon the house,
smashing the front part Into kindling
wood.
HAD A NAREOW ESCAPE.
¦ In addition to, these losses must be
added the losses sustained by the persons
who lived in the two burned buildings.
The personal effects are estimated to
amount to between $12,000 and $15,000.
Governor Pardee visited the scene of
the fire this afternoon.
Furniture of the Arcata House, owned by
Mrs. M. N. Evans, valued at $1500, loss total,
no Insurance. , ¦
The losses on . the Arcata House and
the Waldorf are as follows:
' Arcata House, - three-story frame building
and two one-story frame additions, owned by
Woodward & Watson, who purchased .the prop
erty recently from Mrs. Stearns, step mother
of Governor Pardee, the purchase being made
for William G. Henshaw; value of buildings,
$3000;- total loss.
Waldorf House, owned by Governor Pardee,
three-etory brick and frame building, valued
at $125,000; loss by fire, smoke and water, $30.
000: covered by insurance. .
Furniture of the Waldorf, owned by Plin
Ford, proprietor, valued at $5000, Insurance
S'.'OOO, loss $3000. ,
Saloon contents in saloon located in annex
to Arcata House, value $3000. partly covered
by Insurance. •
Cigar stand located In front of saloon, con
tents owned by Fred Doehl, contents of cigar
stand valued at $300, loss total, no Insurance.
Contents of restaurant owned by Michael E.
Linblbratitch, valued at $1000. loss total, no
insurance. -' -
AMOUNT OF LOSSES.
My sister and her husband roomed at the
Arcata House and they had but little means
I feel sure that If my sister and her husbanu
escaped from the place that they would have
come to me at once for help or send me word
of their condition. I am afraid that they were
unable to get out of the place ana that their
bodies will be found in the ruins.
Late this evening two people were re
ported to the police as missing and it is
thought that they lost their, lives in the
Arcata House. •
Mrs. Mary Biltz of Lorin stated that
her sister and brother-in-law, Mr. and
Mrs W. J. Winner, had occupied room
twelve in the burned building. This room
was located in the front of the second
story. When seen to-night Mrs. Biltz
said:
The fire department worked 'hard to
prevent the flames from the Arcata House
and the AValdorf House from spreading
and they were aided greatly by police
men and citizens, who worked like beav
ers. Jack Davis, a lineman the tele
phone company, proved himself a hero.
He saved many people who were in the
Waldorf and went right into the burning
building with a Hne of hose.
The Arcata House was completely
gutted, while the rear half of the Waldorf
Is also a mass of ruins, with the excep
tion of the brick walls.
The body of Frank Parker was recov
ered from the ruins of the Arcata House
by Captain of Police W. J. Petersen, Po
lice Sergeant H. E. Green and James Gal
'lagher, superintendent of line work for
the Gas, Light and Heat Company.
Parker was found lying on his back,
pinned down by Ixavy beams. Tart of
his body was but red, but his face was
'not touched by the flames, being protected
by his hrlmet. which had fu'.len across
his forehead. The body was taken to the
Mcrguc.
MAN AND WIFE ARE MISSING.
POLICE AND CITIZENS HELP.
Slcotte is badly burned on the body,
while Barr escaped with bruises and con
tusions of the body. Barr was able to be
out on the street this evening, but Slcotte
will be confined to his bed for some time.
"Why don't you get in there, you cow
ards, and save him?" was the cry of Barr.
"Here he Is. I've got him," shouted
Slcotte, as he jumped to his feet and then
cried and laughed alternately.
The effect of the awful mental strain to
which Sicotte and Barr had been subject
ed finally passed away and the flrcmen
were conveyed to the hospital, where
their injuries were treated. Then they
were v taken to their homes.
tunate comrade. Parker,
It was stated by one of the interested
parties last evening that Burke is un
compromisingly opposed to • the barones3
having anything to do with the manage
ment of Peter Donahue's estate and that
he is also opposed to having Peter
brought over to this country from Rome
and placed under restraint on his ranch.
To strengthen his opposition it is said
that Burke has demanded of the baroness
her proof of Peter's incompetency, and it
being realized that there actually is little
legal proof at hand that the absent cousin
is really needful of a gnardian. it has
been suggested that possibly it might be
a good idea for one of the family to visit
Rome and secure documentary evidence
in support of a petition *t or letters of
guardianship. In fact, an effort is being
made to induce Jomes P. Donahue to go
to Rome and visit his cousin. His an
swer is being awaited by the others in
terested in the welfare of Peter Donahue.
Yesterday the lawyers concluded that it
would be useless for them to take the
case up in the local courts to-day, so it
was agreed that a postponement should
be asked for.
When the petition of the Baroness von
Schroeder for letters of guardianship over
the person and estate of her 'cousin, Peter
James Donahue, is called In the Superior
Court this morning a postponement will
be asked— possibly an indefinite one. Ef
forts . of the lawyers representing the
baroness and. Richard Burke of Ireland,
who, in the interest of his children, is op
posing her application, to effect a com
promise, have utterly failed during the
week. James P. Donahue of Davenport,
Iowa, a cousin of Peter Donahue, who
came here at the solicitation of the con
tending parties with a view toward set
tling their differences by accepting the
position of guardian of his relative, has
about concluded that he does not care to
undertake the task, and, added to these
perplexities, is another in the shape of a
report that Peter, disputing the allega
tions of -the baroness that he needs a
guardian for his estate, has encaged a
lawyer here to represent him in a pro
test when the petition- for letters is called
for c hearing.
Baroness von Schroeder Is
Met With Objections
on All Sides.
Italian Fires Shots at
Woman Through a
Window.
Lawyers Have Decided
to Ask Court for
Postponement.
TRIES TO KILL
ROMANI'S WIFE
DONAHUE CASE
BADLY TANGLED
Fierce Conflagration Rages in Oakland and Lodging Houses Are Prey to
Dread Element-Startled Men, Women and Children^ Scantily Clad, Are
Forced to Fly for Their Lives and the Doomed Structure Falls in Ruins
FIREMAN MEETS DEATH IN FLAMES
AND LODGERS MAY HAVE PERISHED
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY 6, 1903.
10
ADVERTISEMENTS.
H 1 I "S hH I "i * I lie
i9A g g Esaga gne j *q w 1 IJJj
THE STORE OF QUALITY.
MONDAY, TUESDAY AND WEDNES-
DAY SPECIALS:
BUTTER, TABLE, spare 40c
PRUNES, ITALIAN, 38-40, per Ib 10c
Extra fine.
PEACHES, UNPEELED, 4 lbs 25c
RICE, Sand Island, 16 lbs $1.00
Pineapple, cubed, large tins, tin 25c
HANZANILLA OLIVES, qt 15c
JELLY GLASSES Sn^T 30c
TOMATO CATSUP, bot' 15c
WfflSKY, bot 75c
Gal. $3.00
Jicg. $1.00 and $4.00
Call at our store and be convinced that
our %oods and service are as good if not
better than you ever had before. ,
226-228 Powell St.
TeL Main 818..
ADVERTISEMENTS.
V r.. ~< ¦¦--
f*IA!Si€ET
. WHOLESALE AND EETAIL.
We quote , here some exceptional
low prices every householder should
take. advantage of. It means a big
saving to you: , ¦"• ¦• .
PURE CAKE 'SUGAR; 20 lbs for
,$1.00.* Per. sack... .....$5.15
HAMS— Best Eastern sugar-cured,
. Q per lb.... .:..... ...14^o
LAED- Swift's Eastern,* 5-lb 'pail. 60c
PIiOUB-^-Tne best guaranteed 50-lb
sack . .". . - .... $1.05
MACARONI— 8-lb boxes, regular 30c,
this sale t l per box .. 20c
SALT— Pure, - large; boxes, regular
j 20c* now per box ..;.:.¦ lOo
COPPEE— Our • large 4-lb cans best
Mocha and Java, nothing better
¦ ¦ '¦ ¦ grown, this .sale, : can. . . . ; . . .8O0
TEA— 20 ' varieties, regular
' per % lb ,80c," this- week, lb. . . .50c
' BUTTER— Large '' quantities direct
¦ - • from • creamery, on sale all week,
•¦ guarantee \ you a. saving of 5c to
- 10c ; a: square. * ... ,
SAGO- or TAPIOCA— The best regu-
.' • ',,lar;.5c.lb, this week, 7 lbs.: 2So
RICE— Something good, 5 lbs for.25o
CANNED SOUPS — 3 varieties, 4 cans
. ..:.'... ... ¦ . . . . ..70c
CANNED PEARS AND APRICOTS— -
Regular 20c, this sale, can... lOo
OYSTERS— Regular 10c, now ' G cans
t ¦¦• - 45c--dozen ¦ -.".'. .. .\ .".... 90o
CHOCOLATE, Ghirardelli"s, 1-lb can
25c— 3-lb can ¦•VT.t: r. .'. : . . ..7Oc
RYE OR BOURBON WHISKY— Reg-
¦ I ular j 54.00, now -gal. ..-..'. . .$2.25
OIiD TAYLOR — Regular
- "j $5.00, . now ' gal . : . ... :.....: .$2.50
PORT - OR I SHERRY— Regular ;$1.50.
* "¦' this /sale, 'gal: . . .¦•.".".*. .". .*. . . ..75c
Full : quart V bottle" Bourbon > or RyeV
r : regular v $ 1.2 5,; now bottle: . . ..80c
PORT, SKERRY • OS CLARET—
.. -Quart* bottles i .v.". ...... ::...25o
Mail V- Orders V- Shipped -Promptly.
." Write , for, Price List.- ,
: ,TEL,EPHONK;SdUTH^894.;- -
1049 MARKET ST., BET. 6th & 7th.
- Opposite .-"Jones *, or. i McAllister. ¦
gOtDBERG
BQWEN
& CO
pay the same price
here — sometimes less — for
better groceries than you
get elsewhere — not how
cheap— but how good — for
so little money
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
special
Teas — new crop 2 lbs 75c
All flavors— reg'ly 50c lb
Macaroni— imported 1 lbs 25c
# Also spaghetti— vermicelli-
letters and numbers— reg'ly 15c lb
Coffee— Patha blend 2 lbs 55c
Belter than ever — reg'ly 35c lb
Gelatine— Cox— large size 15c
Best in the world — reg'ly 20c
Iced Ceylon tea— c< Bee"
brand — refreshing summer
drink .
Franco- American soups — '•.
all kinds in stock— equal to
home-made
French peas— *«<*'* i>°m 15c
Sweet— delicious— reg'ly 20c can
Capers— French— reg'ly 20c bot I 5c
French mustard - 2 for 35c
D. & O.— ready to use— reg'ly 20c bot
Sardines-boneless ; v --25c
Large cans— extra quality— reg'ly 30c
Visit our house-hold de-
partment Sutter street store
annex— latest culinary arti-
cles—lowest prices
Frankfurter— sausages 30c
Imported— 4 in can— reg'ly 35c can
Ifyou buy your vehicle of
¦ft_ Studebaker
. tH^ I you get the
best efforts
XXgkgl^ggfc of 50 years
Studebaker Pros. Qa
BAD WAY'S READY RELIEF has stood
unrivaled. before the public for 60 years as *
Pain Remedy. It Instantly relieves and quickly
cures all Colds. Sore Throat*. Influenza. Bron-
chitis, Pneumonia. Rheumatism. Neuralgia.
i Headache, Toothachn. and all pain. Internally
' tor Malaria and all Bowel Pains. All UrugjUU,
GOLDBERG
BQWEN
& GO
Bird pate— Franco-American 2OC
Sandwich paste— reg'ly 25c can
Imported figS-rez'lyasclb 2OC
Anchovies in oil-4sc bot 37JC
75c bot 65c
Pimientos morrones— ar-
rived— Spanish red peppers
—ask -for recipe
Lemonade straws 25c
For summer drinks — reg'Iy 40c pekg
Whisk broom— reg'ly 30c 20c
8 inches— 3 strings— selected corn
Glycerine benzion lotion 25c
Relieves sunburn— reg'ly 30c battle
T00th pOWder— Hudnut 2OC
Orris — saponaceous —
Camphorated — reg'ly 35c bottle
Camping estimates — what
to take — how much to take
— what it costs — July cata-
logue — free
Liquor department
CocktailS-Imperial- bottle 90c
Manhattan — Martini — gin— Old Tom
gin— Vermouth— whisky— reg'ly ft 25
Claret— reg'ly 50c gallon 40c
Makes red blood— health tonic
Whisky-BuKDog $i
Rye or bourbon— reg'ly f 1 2$— fall qt
Port— California ,^ 50c
Private stock |2
reg'ly 75c bottle— $2 50 gallon
432 Pine 232 Sutter 2800 California
San Frane>«eo
Thirteenth and Clay Streoti Oakland
JaW (Patented.) A^\
T)H SPHEROID Pit
|Y LENSES <f\
ImA Give the Widest F'*!
l^j Range of Vision \J
: — — r— 1 — '¦ — ; — : —
I ¦ H Hn I J I ents ' or rent and 'or sale.
I II lill sP Gun9 ' Rla *"- T)u:kl»
II PI I If I ? nd ?.P° rtln K O«*di. Send
V IT IV II for CaUlo K u«. Shrav* A
¦ ¦¦'-¦¦ Co - 7 » M«rk«t M.
and 621 Kearny st.
IA/. T. HESS.
NOTARY PUBLIC A5D ATTOajlIT-AT-LAW
T«th ITlocr. *S%£2V3E?l£r** m **
Residence. 821 CalltornU st.. b«low Fowalk
• Resident* Telephone Jaaatji Sot ::
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
The Tyfbld Collar
The picture shows. how the
collar is cut out on each side
to allow for adjusting. «a; neck
tie without springing the col-
lar open. The collar conies
close together in front, it keeps
the tie in place and you don't
see the cut-out part. Besides
the tie is retained just over the
button, which is also kept out of sight.
Your summer comfort will be increased
ifyou wear one, and you' 11 thank' us
for the style. . Dealers sell them. \ '•¦¦'¦
' Cluett Brand, 25c each ¦
Arrow Brand, 1 5c each :
Cluett, Pcabody^fic Co.
SPECIAL SALE
=====1 TAFFFTA N==
StriDed ¦ ™ ¦ L ¦ Checked
=| ..SILKS.. h=
AtLessThan HALF PRICE
On Monday, Julu 6tb, and during week
following, we will Dlace on SPECIAL SALE
about 5000 YARDS OF THIS SEASON'S
LATEST STYLE OF SILKS, suitable for the
Douular shirt-waist suits. These silks are In
avarietu of colorings, including Black and
White, Navu and White, Brown and White,
Green and White, etc, with Colored Satin
Stripes, ancLwe shall offer them for sale at
the unusuallu low Drice of
Regularlu sold at JM.ZO mfit
Will also place on sale 750 dozen Ladies 1
Sheep Linen Hemstitched and Initialed Hand-
kerchiefs at 60c Der half dozen. Regular
yalue $2.00 dozen. Sold onlu in half dozen
lots.
111, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET,