PRICE FIVE CENTS.
LORD LONSDALE
WITH COUNTESS
HOMEWARD BOUND
SAULT STE. MARIE. Mich.,
Sept. 23.— To-night the situa
tion In the Canadian Soo,
which has been the scene of
serious rioting by the dis
charged employes of the Con
solidated Lake Superior Companji through-
Connecticut Judge
Appoints Receiver
for Collapsed Trust
Doors and TakePos
session of Offices
Rioters Break Down
UNPAID WORKINGMEN ATTACK
CON SOLID A TED LAKE SUPERIOR
COMPANY'S PLANT AT THE SOO
MEMBERS OF BRITISH NO
BILITY WHO ARRIVED ON
THE VENTURA.
Continued on Page 3, Column 5.
ST. JOHNS. K. F., Sept. re
turning from the grand lanks report
sighting the hull of a large vessel, ap
parently a French fishing batk. floating
bottom up. It Is believed that the vessel
foundered during the recent N, r th At
lantic hurricane, with all hancs. She
would have carried a crew of near.y flf ty
cv-n. It is feared that other disasters
have occurred, as eeveral vessel* are
eyeing.
Vessels From the Grand Banks Sight
Hull of a Bark Floating
Bottom Up.
DISCOVER EVIDENCE
OF A MARINE DISASTER
ROME. Sept. 2S.— According to the Tri
buna, Pius X. on receiving the Abbot of
the celebrated monastery of Monte Cas
elnl. !n Campania, said:
"We eha!l soon meet. Most Reverend
Father, at Monte Casslni." Then, re
marking the effect that his words pro
duced—an Impression that his Holiness
would sofcife day leave the Vatican pre
cincts—he tdded, "pray, for all things are
obtained by prayer."
The Pope Is also said to have told tho
Abbot of the Benedict monastery at Cava
del Tirriene, near Salerno, that he himself
v.oul'd inaugurate the Jubilee of the Im
maculate Conception.
Monte Cassini.
Hakes Impressive Bemark to the
Abbot of the Monastery of
PIUS X MAY LEAVE
VATICAN" PRECINCTS
Thirty forts have been erected at Port
Arthur arid fiftv others are under con
struction. All of the peaks In this dis
trict are being fortiHed.
In addition to the land forces there are
elways forty Russian vessels in Port
Arthur and forty ethers constantly un
der steam at Talienwan. Three battle
rhlps. two cruisers and four destroyers
are expected to arrive in Chinese waters
on October 15.
TIENTSIN. Sept. SS.-The military
etrength of Russia In the Far East is
no* as follows: In Manchuria proper,
E0 ,000 m«?n of all arms. Including eighteen
batteries of artillery; on the lines of com
munication between Port Arthur and the
Amur 'Province 110,000 men, and at Port
Arthur and Tallenwan OO.OOO men.
Totals Quarter of a Million
Men.
Czar's Military Strength There Now
IMMENSE RUSSIAN AEMY
MASSED IN THE FAR EAST
WOULD CURB
THE WALKING
DELEGATES
Proposed Law to
Be Urged in
New York.
CANADIAN PREMIER WHO HAS APPROVED A PLAN FOR THE
PAYMENT OF SOO WORKMEN, MINISTER WHO HAS ORDERED
OUT TROOPS AND RECEIVER FOR LAKE SUPERIOR COMPANY.*
WOULD BAB PROTESTANTS
FROM CUBAN BEPUBLIC
President Palma, in an Interview,
« Urges Greater Activity by
Catholics.
HAVANA, Sept. 2S.— President Palma,
in an interview at Jiguani, province of
Santiago, said that the state was doing
its duty In supplying schools, but tne ec
clesiastical authorities apparently did not
trouble themselves to see to It that re
ligious influences reached to out-of-the
way places.
Neither in Baire nor Jiguani, nor in all
the municipal district, is there a church.
The religious marriage has been almost
entirely abolished, owing to lack of
priests and churches, and It was not to be
wondered at that - religious indifference
prevailed in these places.
"The Catholic church in Cuba, which
has considerable resources, should not
neglect this matter," said he. Senor
Palma added that he had his own reli
gion, but that Cuba was a Catholic coun
try and should take steps to avoid the
advent of Protestants.
WOMAN WINS
A BATTLE
WITH A DEER
Desperate Fight in
the Mendocino
Forest.
"I HAD A BULLY TIME,"
SAYS THE PRESIDENT
Mr. Boosevelt Returns to Washing
ton After His Summer
\ Vacation.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 2S.-After an ab
sence of thirteen weeks, spent at Oyster
Bay, President Roosevelt returned to
Washington to-day. His special train ar
rived at 4 o'clock this afternoon. The
President was accompanied by Mrs.
Roosevelt, Miss Alice Roosevelt and other
members of the family and by Private
Secretary Loeb. The President was greet
ed by several hundred persons, who cheer
ed when he entered his carriage. He also
was met by Postmaster General Payne,
Colonel Symons, Superintendent of Pub
lic Buildings and grounds; Chief Wilkie
and other public officials. The President
and family drove direct to the White
House. The trip from New York was un
eventful.
A newspaper man asked the President
to-day if he had enjoyed his vacation.
He replied: \
"I did. I had a bully time and I never
felt better in my life. I am now ready
for thirteen months more of hard work."
out the day. Is very grave. No reinforce
ments of militia have arrived from out
side, and the only defense against the
mob, which grows hourly, is a more or
less demoralized police department and a
small company of militiamen.
An assault upon the office building of
the company by the mob early this after
noon, before the arrival on the grounds
of troops, was successful, and a mass of
frenzied rioters obtained possession of the
ground floor of the building, destroying
everything movable that came in their
path. A crowd of the office staff with
drawn revolvers prevented their gaining
access to the upper floors of the building.
Every window and door in the building
was smashed in. f ?»£•>\u25a0' A
The arrival of troops on the ground
armed with ball cartridges at about 2
o'clock served to restore some semblance
of order. The rioters then contented
themselves 'with throwing stones at the
building - and hurling Invectives at the
soldiers, who established a "dead line"
and prevented any approach toward the
building by any of the' rioters.
DRINK INFLAMES RIOTERS.
The majority of the mob are ignorant
Italians, Finns, Norwegians and French
men, the latter perhaps the hardest of all
to handle. All have been drinking more
or less, although the bars this afternoon
obeyed the order to close. The mob Is
one that cannot be reasoned with, and
the man they seem most anxious to get at
is Assistant Manager Coyne, who in 'the
absence of Shields is In charge of the
works. Coyne has discreetly kept out of
sight all day.
Late this afternoon the leaders of the
mob held a conference and demanded that
the company house the men in its hotel
and boarding-house and feed them until
the money for their wages la forthcom
ing. In order to appease the crowd this
demand was - granted, and the men have
taken possession of the "NVhlte House, a
large boarding-house operated by the
company. Provisions are being sent there
to feed them.
An attempt 'was made to put the street
car system in the Canadian Soo. which
suspended operations this morning after
an attack had been made upon It, Into
operation again. Two cars were sent out
late this afternoon, heavily guarded. In
asmuch as most of the rioters were not
NEW YORK, Sept. 28.— Lawyers with
backing of builders and employers repre
senting 510,000,000 or more in New : York
City are working on a bill to be intro
duced in the Legislature next winter
which will seek to destroy the power of
walking delegates and make labor strikes
impossible. In brief, it is proposed to do
through State enactment what Is now
frequently done by injunction. Individ
uals \u25a0 or corporations may be restrained
from acts injurious to the pubjlc good,
and it Is held that a State law having
the same purpose will be • constitutional.
Such a law as this exists in Australia,
and similar acts have been enforced in
England.' J. Powers Donellan has been
at work on the bill for some time. r
"We expect," he said, "that the meas
ure will have the support of the better
element of the unions, as well as the
backing of a large army of employers.
Such a law would be perfectly , feasible
and constitutional. It will make It illegal
for the walking delegate of a union j to
order a strike, and will provide for a
State board of arbitration for the adjust
ment of all disputes."
"But is not a law that seeks to restrain
the orderly acts o{ a union or an indi
vidual in the nature of interference with
personal liberty, and therefore unconstitu
tional?" was asked.
"The ordering of a strike," he replied,
"is not an orderly act, inasmuch as it is
antagonistic to the public welfare."
"Do you believe that It will be possible
to get sucn a '.bill through the Legisla
ture against the opposition of organized
labor?"
"Under th© present conditions, yes. It
would not have been possible in the past,
but the disasters and evils of strikes
have been so painfully impressed upon the
people of this State recently that I be
lleve such a measure will receive suffi
cient support to make it a law."
The proposed law also will make it ille
gal for an employer to lock out his work
men. Donellan said ; the bill, would not
seek to make a strike a conspiracy. Ef
forts to prohibit strikes on this ground
have failed in the past, the court usually
holding that the men had a right to quit
work if they ; chose to do so. '
REPORT FROM DESERT
TELLS OF A MURDER
gone to Investigate.
Frank Roberts Meets Violent Death
Near a Lonely, Southern Set
. tlement.
SAN DIEGO, Sept. 28.— A brief dispatch
received in this city states that Frank
Roberts was murdered five miles east of
Brawley, a small settlement far out on
the desert. Nothing appears to be known
here about Frank Roberts, and no partic
ulars of | the manner in which he came to
his death are " received. • . The Coroner has
Continued en Page 2, Column 3. __,
TJKIAH. . Sept. 28.— Mrs. Tomlinson of
Philo was severely injured Saturday In
a desperate combat with a wounded
deer. She is a well-known hunter, and
Saturday' morning she started on a
hunt, accompanied by her dogr. The. dog
Jumped a .fine four-pointer and Mrs. Tom
linson immediately dropped him. Rush-
Ing up to the fallen deer she started to
cut his throat in true hunter style. The
deer, however, was only wounded and at
the first touch of the knife was upon his
feet.
Then a battle for life commenced; tho
deer using his sharp forefeet and horns
as weapons. The dog: tried to aid, but
was killed by a blow from the deer. For
several minutes the fight continued, Mrs.
Tomlinson never releasing her hold on
the animal's antlers.
The deer finally weakened from loss of
blood and wounds and sank to the
ground. Mrs. Tomlinson, although weak
from the exertion and suffering from sev
eral cuts inflicted by the horns and hoofs
of the deer, managed to make her way
to" her home. Her husband brought the
deer later.
Mrs. Tomlinson will have the head
mounted and will keep it as a trophy' of
the chase. The . feat . was a remarkable
one. Several men in this region have been
crippled' for life in similar encounters.
EASTERN CORPORATION f-y:
BUYS OBEGON MINES
; BAKER . CITY, Or., .Sept. 28.— The
Cornucopia mines, near this city, formerly
owned by John E.Searles of New York,
have been sold to a New Jersey-corpora
tion capitalized at $5,000,000. The pur
chase i price Is given at $600,000. The deal
includes the Last, Chance and Union
Companion mines * •» u ,
Australian Gold Coming Here.
SYDNEY, New South Wales. Sept. 28.—
The American steamer Sierra, • which
sailed from <here to-day for/ San Fran
cisco, has on; board $250,000 in:gold. ,»
"They were properly made and were' In
line with statements made by me months
ago. Of course they wero slow in coming
out and naturally so, for It would not
have been the right thing to attempt
criticism, no matter how just it might
be, while the war was still on. Certainly
England was not prepared for the late
war and this fact was soon made ap
parent. Had the War Office been pre
pared for a serious -blow, the situation
In South Africa probably would have been
materially changed and there would have
been a great deal less loss of life.. The
suggestion that has been made of the
He also denied all knowledge of the re
cent report that he Is himself slated for
a position in the Cabinet and then turned
the discussion on to the recent charges
made by the British War Commission
against the methods pursued by the War
Department in the South African war.
As to tho commission's criticism he said:
APPROVES ARMY CENSURE.
Lord Lonsdale stated that he had rea
son to believe that the new federation in
the colonies would prove a success. Asked
for an expression of opinion regarding
the report of the possible succession of
Lord Milner to the position of Colonial
Secretary, he said his only information
came through the press dispatches, but
he doubted if Lord Milner would accept,
although he would be a splendid man for
the place.
Regarding his reported statement that
some day the colony would draw away
from the mother country, Lord Lonsdale
emphatically denied that he had ever
made any such prediction and he added:
"I traveled all over the colony and
spoke to all classes of her people, but
never did I hear^ho slightest Intimation
of any such move and I have never
thought. of it. On the contrary the people
to me seemed to be deeply ; concerned in
the affairs of the mother country and de
lighted in hearing anything new, a fact
that would suggest that they are not de
liberating over plans for a separation."
"There is also too much salary dis
pensed in Australia to Its officials. States
men receive a certain amount for repre
senting the districts which send them, to
the legislative halls and they are paid an
extra fee for services as members of spe
cial committees. As a result certain men
are forever struggling to get these partic
ular places. Their interests In affairs of
their constituents diminish before their
avarice. I believe that a man who is
willing to represent his people in the fur
therance of legislation that Is of common
benefit should do so without a stipend. I
think a man who is honestly interested in
the welfare of h'.s own people will do so
without asking pay."
Lord Lonsdale added that he thought
that the paying of salaries to legislators
had a tendency to make them dishonest,
and when it was suggested to him that
American statesmen, that is. Senators and
Congressmen, receive a regular salary, he
quickly replied with a smile on his face:
"I know, I know. But I am not quite
sure that this custom is at all times in
the best interest of the States. How
ever, it is not fair to compare your States
with those of the colonies, for they are
not on the same footing."
COLONISTS ABE LOYAL.
tice law of the colony, which bars a
father from teaching his own son a trade.
It is frequently the case that a man seeks
to perpetuate a business which he has de
veloped after long years of patient strug
gle. In this ambition he looks to a son,
rapidly growing, into manhood and willing
to take up the struggle where the parent
leaves it. It is but natural that he should
give this. business to the son,_but_the la;
bor law of Australia decrees that the
father must not teach his son what he
has learned himself, but must apprentice
him out to some one else.
OFFICIALS ARE OVERPAID.
"The rigid enforcement of the working
hour law is also a hardship on many men.
I cannot understand why a man who is
anxious to work a few extra hours in or
der to increase his wealth and benefit his
conditions in the latter part of his life
should not be permitted to do so if he de
sires, but in Australia they declare that
he shall not work more than eight hours
and he has to bow to the will of those
who seemingly are now in power. An
other unjust restriction upon the work
legmen and their progeny la tho appren-
For many of these conditions he blamed
the Labor party of Australia, and was
finally quoted as intimating that the col
ony was drifting away from the mother
country and might some day separate it
self from the latter. Asked last evening
regarding these statements, Lord Lons
dale admitted that he had found much in
Australia to satisfy him that radical
changes are necessary there to insure the
future success of the colony.
"There are many conditions there," said
he. "which are directly attributable to the
extreme measures adopted by the Legisl
laturo through the influence of the Labor
party, which at present controls the des
tinies of the colony. "The conditions im
posed on laboring men by their own peo
ple are. in many instances, according to
my way of thinking, very unjust and cer
tainly unreasonable. For instance, they
talk of making Australia a white man's
country, that i«, prohibiting the employ
ment of black labor. They would exclude
all blacks, even those of local origin,
whereas it is a fact known to all people
of that country that in some sections of
Australia, particularly in the interior, the
white man cannot perform the labor re
quired and necessarily the blacks are ab
solutely indispensable.
UNFAIR TO THE SON.
RIGID LABOR LAWS.
In this statement, published in one of
the leading papers of Sydney, Lord Lons
dale declared that trouble was coming
upon Australia before many years had
passed; that she was overlegielated and
her politicians overpaid. Progress, he
said, was being barred by the legislators,
who were making It almost impossible for
great financial interests to become part
of the commonwealth.
Just before leaving Sydney Lord Lons
dale made a statement, which has since
been published over the entire world and
provoked much comment, especially com
ing, as it did, from a man of his prom
inence in the political affairs of Great
Britain and at a time when England was
in the heat of contentions between her
several party leaders and attacks were
being made upon her army and the meth
ods in which her recent war with the
Boers was conducted.
. Even In the British colonies of Austra
lia he declares he found progress throt
tled and the conditions of the people men
aced by their own methods of legislation,
or rather by the influence of the party
that is at present dominating the pro
vinces.
undertaking a long overland
journey and another ocean voyage, which
will land them in London, from which
city they started a number of months
ago on a tour of the world. It is ten
years since the Knglish nobleman visited
San Francisco before, his former stay
here being after his trip through the
Northwest, which, as he then predicted,
has since developed into one of the rich
est gold-producing sections of the globe.
His present trip, he explained last even
ing, was for the purpose of acquainting
himself with the conditions of various
countries, In all of which, judging from
his remarks, he .; found causes tor \u25a0 criti
cism, and he made no hesitancy In volun
teering them. He saw enough in Siberia
to suggest to his mind that the Czar Is.
not overlooking anything, in the way of
political strategy to strengthen his footing
in the Far East. In Japan he learned
enough of the brown people to convince
him that they are not a race of honest
men, and in China he was made to fully
appreciate the fact that the empire is far
behind the tine and at the mercy of al
most any nation that sees fit to invade it.
COLONIES IN BAD SHAPE.
rHE Earl and Countess of Lons
dale arrived on the steamship
Ventura from Australia yes
terday and are resting at the
Palace Hotel preparatory to
British Peer Freely
Vents Opinion on
Colonial Matters
Uncle Sam Takes Long
Chance to Beat the Ex
press Companies.
Thr« "arrar.sre'ments were made. When
the Treasury Department opened in the
morning Beall was on .hand with his suit
"case and an order for SOOO $1000 bills.
He receipted for the money, and, with
the dress suit case in one hand and an
umbrella in the other, left for New York
on the 10 o'clock train. The train did not
reach New York until after banking
hours, but a telegram was sent from the
Bureau of Insular Affairs asking a bank
to keep open and be on the lookout for
the messenger.
A little after 5 o'clock Beall passed the
treasure suit case over the counter of tho
bank. The 2000 $1000 bills were counted
*end a receipt for $3,005,000 was passed out
to P«»alL
It cost Beall 520 to make the trip and
'the net caving to the Government was
5^0.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET. N.
"XT.. .WASHINGTON. Sept. 2S.— Marion E.
Bcail, an unbonded ojerk in the Bureau of
Insular Affairs, who receives a salary of
51*00 a year, carried $3,000,000 of Govern
ment cash In a suit case from Washing
ton to New York the other day. Natural
ly the officials did rot tell about Beall's
journey tefore he made it.
Beall. whosf home is at Fort Wayne.
,Tnd.. traveled with the $3,000,000 and un
guardei.
' rder the direction of the Insular De
partment the mints in this country and
the Bureau of Printing and Engraving
( here -have been making money this sum-
Cner for use In the Philippines. To Beall
svas designed the duty of overseeing the
C shipment of the money to the Island pos
j.^ssior.s. The Bureau of Printing and En
praving turned out JS.O00.000 in crisp $1000
bills! The Insular Department wanted to
gCt the money to New York. Beall went
abound, to see the express companies
ahput transporting the treasure.
''Elg^.t hundred dollars," said each of
the comj>ar.Ies.
•'TXat's too much," said Colonel Ed
- -w^rds, chief of the Insular Bureau, when
. Beall reported how much the express
*•' ooTnjihr.ies wanted. "It Is not worth it.
yOpmt'a the matter with you putting the
. m^*fV-!n a suit case and taking it up
yourself?"
""Why, s-ure I can take it if you are
& «-:;M.-.g- to trust rne'wUTi il/"*replied"Beall.
Special Wrpatch to The Call.
Should the President bring this subject
to the attention of the country it prob
ably would be coupled with some refer
ence to race suicide.
! It has been suggested that&ta President
might put forward as a step toward a
betterment of the existing situation a rec
ommendation that Congress appoint a
committee to investigate the question of
making State laws more uniform. The
practicability of this course, however, is
a matter of conjecture.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W.. WASHINGTON, Sept. 28.— That
President Roosevelt will deal with divorce
and the need of more uniform divorce
laws throughout the land In his forth
coming annual message to Congress iS
the burden of a report current in "Wash
ington to-nighti Many persons have ex
pressed the belief that the rumor is true.
The President has opinions against lax
marital conduct fully as strict as others
that he holds and has publicly expressed.
Many prominent persons have talked with
him on the subject. Eminent clergy-,
men have sought his aid, it Is said, to
influence sentiment toward a curtailment
of the iiurry-up divorce statutes.
Of course, divorce laws are matter of
State legislation. The Federal Govern
ment has nothing to do with, the laws,
b*ut the President, it has been argued by
some Interested ' persons, ' might easily
take advantage of the prominence recent
ly given this subject to touch upon it in
his annual message and to express, at
least, the hope that there might be a
national tendency toward a restriction of
the divorce laws, which are now a temp
tation for many to seek relief from the
married state. >.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
Clergymen Urge Executive
to Give Prominence to
the Subject. 7
Carries Immense Sum
From Washington
to New York.
Holds Strict Opinions
Against Lax Mar
ital Conduct.
Government Clerk
Given a Daring
Mission.
Feature of His
Next Annual
Message.
TRANSPORTS
$3,000,000 IN
A SUIT CASE
PRESIDENT
MAY TOUCH
ON DIVORCE
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 29, 1903.
VOLUME XCIV— 2sO. 121.
The San Francisco CallDAUGHTER OF UNITED STATES
SENATOR WHO BECOMES
BRIDE TO-DAY.
ECZEMA, NO CURE, NO PAY.
Your druggist will refund your money If PAZO
OINTMENT falls to cure Ringworm. Tetter.
Old Ulcers and Sores, Pimples acd Blackheads
on tha tMna. and all skin diseases. 60 cent* •
NEW YORK, Sept. '28.— Concerning the
appointment of John G. Carruth, presl-
The application for the receivership was
presented by attorneys for certain stock
holders. It /was said in the application
that the directors of the company had
failed to take up the loan of .$5,050,000 of
Speyer & Co. of New York; that the ac
tual value of the plant, as expressed in
the amount expended . in buildings, ma
chinery and other properties, was far In
excess of the . amount of the loan;, that
the stockholders feared that if a forced
sale were allowed they would lose the en
tire amount of their investment. A re
ceiver therefore was asked for; also a
temporary injunction to prevent the sale
of the property under foreclosure - pro
ceedings. ......
NEW HAVEN. Conn., Sept. 28.— John
G. Carruth of Philadelphia, president of
the Industrial Trust, Title and Savings
Company, was to-day appointed receiver
for the' Consolidated Lake Superior Com
pany by Judge Plate in the United States
District Court His bond was placed at
$10,000. Judge Lynde Harrison of this
city, counsel for the company, said the
company consented to the appointment of
the receiver.
Foreclosure Sale.
Speyers Say This Will Not Stop the
RECEIVER IS APPOINTED.
One hardly looks for natural history les
sons in the streets of London, but the ob
server need never despair of lighting upon
something of interest, even though the
subject be so common a being as the Lon
don sparrow. The other day one of these
pert little birds was fluttering excitedly
outside a grocer's window, keeping him
self suspended Just without the glass 'as
as he could. After a moment's rest
in the gutter he returned again, and this
time there was no mistaking the object of
his excitement. He was vainly striving to
get at some bottled green peas in the fore
front of . the window. In the country all
sorts of devices are resorted to for the
purpose of getting rid of sparrows, where
they bear a very bad name for their de
structive proclivities, and many a Lon
don gardener would cheerfully heave half
a brick. at his visitors if there were the
slightest chance of hitting them. Can it
be that this sparrow's wits, sharpened by
the chase of his enemies, are undergoing
an educative process whereby he is quali
fying for that advanced stage of.civiliza
tion marked by a preference for prepared
foods over the raw products of the earth?
—London Chronicle.
Xrondon Sparrows.
TORONTO, Ont.. Sept. 28.— The regulars
from the fort here received orders shortly
after midnight to proceed to Sault Ste.
Marie. They will reach there to-morrow
afternoon.
Regulars Ordered to the Soo.
B nil LIN. Sept. 1"V — A nratnim In memory
of Fretlertch Ludwlg Jahn, popularly known
as "'Turnvater Jahn," the founder of the tur
ner Focicties, ha* been opened at Freiburg on
the Unttrut, Prussia, by the National Turner
Society.
Woodruff was drawn Into the personal
encounters and was roughly handled. Sev
eral men were badly bruised. At a con
ference held earlier in the evening Elliott
had been agreed upon for -district At
torney. This conference was between the
Republicans and the f uslonists. The row
started soon after the convention as
sembled.
While the convention was In an uproar
and fighting had begun in the hall
Ketchum attempted to withdraw his
name and had his clothing literally torn
from his body by his partisans, who at
tempted to drag him from the room to
prevent bis withdrawal. In the -street
Ketchum fainted.
The noise of the riot drew the police to
the hall and they charged down the center
aisle, clubbing right and left, forcing the
delegates into their scats and separating
those who were fighting.
NEW YORK, Sept. 2s. -After one of the
most riotous scenes ever enacted in a
political meeting in Erooklyn the Repub
lican-county slate made by former Lieu
tenant-Governor Woodruff was smashed
to-night and Henry Iielden Ketchum was
nominated for District Attorney of Kings
County in place of George F. Elliott, who
was Woodruff's candidate.
the Quarreling 1 Delegates
With Clubs.
Policemen Are Called In and Charge
RIOTOUS SCENES OCCUR
IN BROOKLYN CONVENTION
The foreign residents had' not at first
felt any great personal danger, but the
attempt to assassinate the American Vice
Consul,', Mr. Magelssen, , followed ' by an
attempt on Saturday, last of • an armed
Moslem/ with two accomplices, to 'force
an ' entrance into the home of an Ameri
can resident, were incidents not calculated
to give any one too great a sense of se
curity, and the; arrival % of;the- American
cruisers in the midst of these troubles
brought great. relief, especially to the for
eign residents of the" city, . \u25a0 -•
• "Now the Moslems will go out to-nignt,"
they said, "and five Christians will die
for the Moslem slain."
' On Saturday night and the Sunday fol
lowing there was an uprising against the
Christians in different parts of the city.
Thirty persons were massacred in one
quarter, and a reign of terror was In
augurated throughout the whole city.
A visit to the scene of the' greatest
slaughter found one. Turkish officer dead
on the ground, another with blood. stream-
Ing from . a wound in his face, while in
the homes of the neighborhood victims
lay dead or writhing in agony. On Sun
day morning a church was attacked, in
the same neighborhood while service was
in progress, but no one was killed.
Panic-stricken, the Christians fled from
the city or remained in their homes be
hind barricaded doors, .jyhllo Moslems,
armed with clubs, revolvers and knives,
paraded the streets and fell on any chance
victim that came their way.
Monday found the situation no better.
All day stores remained closed, the streets
were deserted and business came to a
complete standstill., People remained at
homei afraid to venture out, and one or
two who did so were killed for their te
merity.
Fortunately the fanaticism, of the peo
ple has not yet gone so far beyond bounds
as to cause them to attack foreigners, but
business is at a standstill, the streets are
deserted and the shops are closed.
- Guards to watch the American property
here were furnished last night. Had the
Governor refused, Admiral Cotton stood
prepared to land &00 men if necessary. The
American ships played their searchlights
on the city, illuminating not alone the
property of the v Syrian Protestant College,
but also dark alleys and%byways frequent
ed as a rule by shady characters.
The disturbances here began on the
night of Friday, September 4. A murder
was committed in Beirut, which was by
no means an unusual thing, - but in this
Instance a non-Christian killed a Moslem.
The next morning the Christians in the
aommunity became much wrought up
over the affair and a genuine fight pre
vailed.
BEIRUT, Syria, Tuesday, Sept. 8—(Cor
respondence of the Associated Press).— As
this dispatch is mailed the situation at
Beirut remains unchanged, there being a
great feeling of uncertainty.
The correspondent of the Associated
Press called on board the United States
cruisers Brooklyn and San Francisco yes
terday and found them armed camps. The
bluejackets and marines were in readi
ness to land at a moment's notice, ammu
nition filled their belts and arms were
stacked on deck. Rear Admiral Cotton
informed the correspondent that he was
prepared to give Americans and Euro
peans in general the fullest protection
possible.
COTTON PREVENTS MASSACRE.
An effort was made late to-day to get a
body of the rioters to cross the river to
the American side and put the power-
About 10:30 o'clock an alarm of fire was
turned in from the pulp mills and the de
partment responded, but no blaze. could
be discovered. The turning in~ of the
alarm was evidently the work of some of
the rough element which has gathered In
large numbers- to help along the work of
disorder.
The mass meeting of the men to-night
In the White House was unexpectedly
quiet and orderly. An attempt was made
to allay the passions of the men by an
offer made by the Brotherhod of Woods
men, an organization maintained among
the lumbermen; to supply an attorney free
of charge to collect all pay checks left In
his hands. The meeting broke up without
any -particular confusion or disorder.
MASS-MEETINCr ORDERLY.
Officers and Employes of the Consolidated
Lake 8ui*rior Company: The president and
directors *ln New York have been unable to
raise the money to pay to-day the wagts and
salaries now due the men and officers of the
company. Advices received from New York
this morninsr indicate that our president and
directors have a pl^n to raise the money nec
assary, to not only pay the men but to start
up the works, that seems to promise success.
The plan has the indorsement and promised
support at Sir Wilfrid Laurier, Premier of
Canada, and the Hon. G. W. Ross, Premier
of Ontario, and it ts expected to produce the
necessary money inside of thirty days.
While we regret very much the Inability of
the company to pay to-day, the fact remains
that there ls no money to pay with. There
seems to b? only one thing left for the men
to do, and that ls to accept offers to work else
where and ieave their checks with- friends, re
sponsible attorneys or business men, to col
lect for them when the company pays. Bear
in mind that your wages will have to be paid
ultimately and constitute a Just obligation
against the company, which all the property
and other assets will be liable for.
This notice, instead of allaying the ex
citement of the crowd, made it furious.
On the doors of the offices of the Con
solidated Lake Superior Company the fol
lowing notice was posted during the day:
COMPANY POSTS NOTICE.
on the streets at the time this trial was
made no disorder occurred.
Continued From Page 1, Column 7.
The action of tho Connecticut court will not
Interfere with the sale of the securities of the
Consolidated Company October 1. The ap
pointment of a receiver places the affaire of
the company In tha hands of an individual. No
arrangements have been made for postponing
the sale and I know nothing of the report that
Mr. Oleum had -raised the $5, 050. 000. cash
needed to satisfy our claim.
dent of the Industrial Trust, Title and
Savings Company of Philadelphia,- as re
ceiver for the Consolidated Lake Superior
Company, Charles H. Tweed of Speyer &
Co. said: ' .
Mrs. Washington Irving Marlon has
sent out cards for a tea to be given Octo
ber 3 at her home. 1938 Bush street.
* • •
On Thursday the San Francisco Musical
Club will meet to celebrate founder's day.
.The programme will be presented by club
members solely. •. .
E. Avery McCarthy has returned to San
Francisco after a month's visit to South
ern California, where. he was entertained
by the rather large "contingent of San
Franciscans who still linger In the south.
Mrs. II. Shea and Miss Regina Shea
left the city on the 9th inst. to visit rela
tives and friends in New York and Wash
ington. They will be absent about two
months.
• * *
The Corona Club met on Thursday after
noon at its clubrooms In Masonic Temple,
in the Mission/ Mrs. D«nnlston presiding.
An interesting talk was given by Mr.
Weil on the subject of "Lace and Lace
making," and as a mere scrap of real lace
is very dear to femininity the ladles were
delighted with the discussion of the va
rious kinds of thready finery. Specimens
of each distinctive kind of lace were ex
hibited and a full description of the mode
of manufacture given, likewise of the
women who make it. After a short musi
cal programme the iruests and members
enjoyed a pleasant hour over the teacups.
\u2666 * •
of her engagement to "William Graf of
Constanz, Germany. The wedding will
take place the latter part of November.
Miss Sch-Jckinir is at present residing at
227 East Seventy-second street. New York
City.
Marks on the boy's body show that he
had been cruelly maltreated and both the
police arid Coroner are satisfied that he
was murdered^ There are evidences that
a woman was connected with the crime.
Scores of persons saw the body to-day,
but no one could identify it.
NEW YORK. Sept. 23.— With the dis
covery of the body of a boy fourteen
years old on the bulkheads at Catherine
street and East River to-day the 'police
are confronted with evidence of a crime
that recalls the deeds of "Jack the Rip
per."
New York Police Are Confronted
With Crime That Bscalls "Jack
the Ripper's" Deeds.
MUTILATED BODY OP BOY
FOUND ON* HARBOR FRONT
Martinelll declared that In order to re
move Wilson as trustee .a suit must be
brought against him and that In the pres
ent action Judge Lennon had no jurisdic
tion. Judge Lennon reserved his decision
for one week. It ls understood that the
petition will be withdrawn In tho mean
time.
Martinelll showed to the court where
his client had made an accounting in
April, 1903, and said that up to that time
the business was all settled up and passed
upon by Judge Angellottl. It was also
claimed by the trustee that only recently
another full accounting had been made
out and sent to all the heirs.
SAN RAFAEL., Sept. 2S.— The matter of
the petition of the heirs of the Martha
Bucklew estate to have tte trustee. Wil
liam A. Wilson, removed came up, before
Judge Lennon' in the Superior Court this
morning at 10 o'clock.
, In the petition Martha Allison and
others claimed that Wilson had made no
account of the estate since February,
1W2, and that he was not competent to
handle the business of the estate. To-day
was the date set for Wilson to appear to
show cause why he should not b« re
moved. Attorney E. B. Martinelll ap
peared In his behalf.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Mrs. Gardner is the daughter cf Mr and
Mrs. A. Fiori of Olema. She is a Xative
Daughter and an accomplished young
lady. Mr. Gardner is one of. San Ra
fael's prominent merchants.
mony took place nt the home of
Mrs. W. Randall. 1833 McAllister street.
Mtn Fiori was attended by Hiss Lottie
. L-unt of this city, and Fred Murray, also
of San Rafael, acted as best man.
The ceremony was performed at 10
o'clock this 'morning and Brother Ulrlch
of" St. Vincent's Church officiated. A large
number of invited euesis were present.
After a wedding breakfast Mr. and Mrs.
Gardner departed on an extended wed
.ding tour.
SAN RAFAEL, Sept. 2?._Miss Maud
Fiori ar.d Edwin B. Gardner, bath
of San Rafatl, were married in
J3an Francisco to-day. The cere-
Special Dispatch to The Call
Marin Judge Hears Ex
planations in the
Bucklew Case.
Interesting Marriage Is
Solemnized in
This City.
SA>t RAFAEL RESIDENTS WHO
ARE THE CAPTIVES OF
CUPID.
HEIRS COMPLAIN
OF A TRUSTEE
The Government will In every way possible
protect the Interests of the worklngmen in
the various industries, main and subsidiary,
of the Consolidated Lake Superior Company,
withhold subsidies, and In other ways. If neces
sary, insisting on the settlement of all claims
for, wages prior to everything else.
A telegram was received to-night by
Edward Barry, secretary of the woods
men's committee, from Premier Ross of
Ontario, which has produced a reassuring
effect. 'The message reads:
Miss Ottilie Schucking's friends in this
city will be pleasantly surprised to learn
house and street railway out of commis
sion, but It was not successful. On ac
count of this rumor the local company of
State troops was mobilized at the armory
and some extra policemen were put on
duty. A battalion of regulars from To
ronto is expected to arrive to-morrow
morning and Its coming ls awaited with
feverish impatience. Another company of
militia from Sudbury is expected by mid
night.
The garden fete to be given Saturday
next at Mrs. Kent's beautiful home at
Kcntvllle, between Larkspur and Ross
Valley, promises to be a radiant success.
Troops of pretty girls of the Bmart set
are working overtime^ — which is not op
posed by union rules when charity Is the
winner— and nothing can daunt the cour
age of these fair . maidens In their fine
determination to provide for the helpless
little ones who find shelter In the San
Francisco Presbyterian Orphanage and
Farm at San Anselmo. Who could see
these healthy, happy, hopeful little types
who have been left parentless in this big,
big world and not feel a burning desire
to go down In his Jeans for a quarter or
two to help keep up that healthfulness,
happiness and hopefulness? Twenty-five
cents is the whole price of admission, and
It will buy such commodities as are rare
ly purchasable from such fair hands— and
never for worthier cause. From present
Indications the railroad people will have
use for all their surplus rolling stock.
There will certainly be a brave show-
Ing of dainty gowns, and the men—with
out whom a fete is a very stupid affair,
even If it be in charity's sweet name — have
arranged to go over, and they are even
now setting aside their small change for
use "under the greenwood tree."
The beautiful home of the family at
Santa Monica has been for many years a
center of summer gayety, and it was here
that the young bride spent much of her
girlhood. As an athlete Miss Jones has
few equals— In tennis, none. It is her love
for outdoor pastimes that has given her
the mental and physical poise that so dis
tinguish her.
The ceremony will take place In Grace
Church and promises to be a large affair.
Many guests will attend from Washing
ton, where the Senator has long been a
strong figure.
A WEDDING will occur In New-
York to-day of much interest, to
Californians— the ceremony that
will make the dashing Miss
Marion Jones, daughter of Sen
ator J. P. Jones, the wife of Robert D.
Farquhar.
There are few daughters of the West
better equipped for social distinction than
the daughter of the Senator from Nevada,
for besides being well-born and well-bred
she is clever and athletic and is possessed
of a style that reflects her personality.
Moreover, her natural qualities were given
full scope for development in study and
travel, much of her time been
spent abroad.
HONOLULU ASTIR
OVER KlDNAPING
Young Son of Public
Official Is Stolen by
Three Men.
Special Correspondence of The Call.
HONOLULU. Sept. 23.— Great excitement
was caused here yesterday when threa
men stole the 12-year-old son of Superin
tendent of Public Works Cooper from Pu-4
nahou Preparatory School and forced him
at the point of a pistol to Round Top, a
hill back of Honolulu, declaring that hia
father would have to pay a handsome sura
before he saw his son Theodore again.
One of the men went ahead to point out
the path and see that their actions were
not observed, while the others brought up
the rear, one with a club and the other
with a drawn revolver which he held
pointed at the frightened youth.
As the queer procession neared the sum
mit of Round Top the kidnapers, becom
ing thirsty with their exertions, looked
around for water and made for a tank in
the neighborhood. Noticing that the- re
volver carrier laid his weapon down to
stake his thirst, the boy. realizing hia
opportunity, made a break for liberty,
running as fast as hia bruised and bleed
ing bare feet could carry him in hi* head
long rush for freedom. He had almost
reached a turn In the road when a shot
rang out and a bullet went whizzing past
his ear. The next moment he was around
the corner and flying for home, where ha
arrived in such a state of fright that he
could barely relate hla experiences.
The boy described the three men as
white men. adding that one was of dark
complexion. Two of them, he says were
the same men who held him up recently
in his own house, while his parents were
fZl^i K? d } ound , ragged him and
locked him In a closet. That was only a
few weeks ago. "*
The latest child saying on record comes
to us from a reader whose six-year-old
w n f.7* S } triumphant originator of it
\VrItins Just before Christmas to Santa
Claus to tell him what would be appre
ciated as gifts by himself and his smaller
brother, he was puzzled as to how he
should sign it. He turned to his mother
and lncuired. "bnaH I say 'from your
loving Uttle friend. Willie.' or shall I say
•Amen,' as I do to God?"- London, Daily
News.
LABORERS ATTACK PUT AT SOQ.
The third, or Bowen protocol. Eigned in
Washing-ton on February 1?, 1WJ, covered
claims within the period from May 23,
1SS9, when General Castro, now President,
unfurled the standard of revolt, to June
30, 1903. The umpire named was Dutch
Consul Filz. The decision of Umpire Filz
has been attacked by all the Venezuelan
press.
The American tribunal move3 slowly
and will not close its session until No
vember L
The- second protocol, signed in Paris on
February 15, 1S02, between France and
Venezuela, stipulates that all claims prior
to ilay 23. 1S99. should be settled by arbi
tration and that the umpire should be the
Marquis of Muni. Spanish Embassador to
Paris. The tribunal in question assembled
here in March last and has just closed its
sessions.
The first protocol signed in Caracas be
tween the Venezuelan Government and
the French Charge d'Affaires, stipulating
a settlement of claims arising cut of the
revolution cf 1S<>2. has been carried into
effect.
, Light *is just being thrown on the acts
of the mixed tribunals which have been
sitting in Caracas since June 1 to pa*3
on the numerous claims brought by vari
ous nations for indemnity for damage suf
fered by citizens and subjects during the
revolutions which for so long agitated
Venezuela. These, are the amounts of tha
claims made by the several governments:
United States, $10,900,000; England. $2,500.
000; France, $16,640,193; Italy, $$,300,001;
Germany, $1,417,309; Belgium, $3,693,860;
Spain. $600,000; Mexico. . $500,000; Holland,
$1,048,451; total, $43,499,813.
These claims will not be allowed in their
entirety. The American umpires, repre
senting England and Italy, will consid
erably diminish them, but it i-» not too
much to affirm that the amount of the
claims which must be allowed will ex
ceed 510.000,000.
CARACASr Venezuela, Sept. 2S.—Vene
zuela is threatened once more with a seri
ous crisis. French, German, Italian and
Other merchants have been Imprisoned by
President Castro's orders because they,
have refused to pay taxes already paid
to the rebel government. The troops
swarm all around. A reign of terror
prevails all through the Orinoco district,
which teems with produce accumulated
for want of shipping facilities. All Amer
ican interests are at a standstill owing to
President Castro's determination to de
stroy the transportation trade.
Special Cable to The Call and New York
Herald. Copyright. J9C3, by the New York
Herald Publishing Company.
Two hundred families fleeing toward
Bulgaria from villages in the Losengrad
district were surrounded by Turkish
troops in the mountains and all of them
are alleged to have been slaughtered.
SALONICA, European Turkey, Sept. 2S.
— Bakhzar Pasha, who was responsible
for the massacres at Krushevo and Smi
levo, has been decorated with 'the Order
of the Medjidle of the first class. He has
been sent to the district of Kastoria,
where six villages have been burned al
ready and many insurgents killed.
BERLIN, Sept. 28.— According to a dis
patch to. the tokal Anzeigex, prominent
Macedonians are urging the revolutionary
leaders to discontinue the uprising.
MONASTIR, Macedonia,.Thursday, Sept
24.— It Is estimated that 50,000 villagers oC
the vilayet of Monastir are now refugees
in the mountains, most of them in a ter
ribly destitute condition. They escaped
from the 111 villages which have been
wholly or partially burned. by the Turks
and which contained 10,302 houses, of
which 96S8 were burned. At Malkairnovo
only a hundred Bulgarian families remain
of 1500.
The paper adds that it will "not be long
before everybody will try to force the
Government to take action."
The committee appointed for the pur
pose, at the time of yesterday's demon
stration of 15,000 Macedonians in this city,
waited on Premier PetrorZ to-day and
asked him If the Government intended to
do anything to help the Macedonians.
Petroff replied that the Ministry was act
ing- in what it conceived to be the best
interests of Bulgaria, and would continue
the same policy. The spokesman of the
committee told the Premier that his «e
ply would not be satisfactory to the peo
ple and the committee thereupon . with
drew. The Dnevnik, commenting on the
situation, says:
Although the Bulgarians remain quiet, it
is not"a true indication of the national feel
ings, but it ls owing to the approaching elec
tions.
LONDON, Sept 29.— The Times learns
from a trustworthy source that the pal
ace committee at Tildlz Kiosk has recom
mended that all Bulgarians captured in
the future shall be ahot. It is said that
the Sultan holds the same view and'that
the necessary o.rders have been Issued.
1 The Constantinople correspondent or
the Times telegraphs that Great Britain,
through her Embassador, has made vig
orous and constant protests againA the
excesses committed by the Turkish
troops, but that she apparently does not
feel herself strong enough to break down
the opposition' of Germany. Russia and
Austria and insist upon real instead of
paper reforms in Macedonia. • '.' •>;
. SOFIA, Bulgaria, Sept. 29.— The situa
tion here ls much brighter to-day and the
war clouds appear to have lifted. -The
Porte's assurance that the thirty-two bat
talions recently ordered to proceed from
Monastir to Adrianople will not be moved
has lessened the apprehension of the Bul
garian Government. Further satisfaction
is derived from the fact that M. Natoho
vitch is going to Constantinople in the ca
pacity of Bulgarian diplomatic agent. He
conducted the negotiations with ~ the
Porte last June and after their failure re
turned to Sofia.
Dictator Invites Further Trouble
by Continuing to Imprison
Subjects of Foreign
Nations.
Sofia Government Kegards.the Out
look for Peace as Brighter; but
- Populace Clamors for
Wax.-
Great Britain Makes Futile
Protests Against Mussul
man Excesses.
Findings of Umpires Will
Soon Ee Made Known
in Caracas.
Abdul Hamid Is / Said
to Have* Issued
This Order.
Castro Must Pay Many
Millions of Dollars
in CJaims.
CAPTURED
BULGARIANS
TO BE SHOT
NEW CRISIS
THREATENS
VENEZUELA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY,- SEPTEMBER 29, 1903.
Miss Marion Jones, Daughter of Nevada Senator ancTKnown
as a Leader of Society and a Tennis Champion, Will
Become Wife of Robert D. Farquhar in Metropolis
GIRL PROMINENT IN WEST
TO WED YOUNG NEW YORKER
MARIN BELLE
WEDS IN THE
GOLD AUTUMN
2
ADVZBTISEMENTS.
WE T R uTrYOir And ' We " ave <£ d "J! dcnee ln Oup
Sll > || § \u25a0 Puts *n Elegant
•* J^^^^J New
In Tour Home on Thirty Days' Trial.
If you do not think it worth much more money than we are asking we
will refund the amount paid and take the piano back. If you think the price
Is rigfct. you can pay the balance in easy payments of Jo per month or more.
If you will call at our warerooms we will give you prices on pianos that will
surprise you. High-grade, up-to-date pianos at wholesale prices from
FACTORY TO HOME.
Some special bargains: Uprights—^Collard. $37: Sherman & Hyde. 8117;
Filsher. }*!>."»; Sinptr. almost new, #103; 2 Stelnways. good condition, large
and small Btze. JCJ <{."J, *32.">; Chickering, $S5f 8151); 3 Heine, second hand.
81 03t~ slightly used. $'2l\7, 1 Heine, baby grand. «7J25; Krell. slightly
ust-d. dark mahogany, iH'JlUTi. New bargains. — Mason & Hamlin upright, $285;
Behr Bros., mahogany. #U47; Conover, Jj*^«3. Piano players, slightly used,
from $00 up. Pianos rented J?i2 up, apply on purchase; Installments, S4 up;
cash discount If paid in two years. - . . .
HKINK PIANO CO., 236-237 Geary Street. Largest Exclusive Piano House
cf Uie West
ADVEBTISEMENTS^^
nr DSUIA NECESSARY MAMr
PL-KU-nl/% to the aSUMYiiL
A Letter From Congressman White of Worth Carolina.
PfP^n\^^%eTTZ MM^B ?^^
it is just the thing for the many little "/ am more than satisfied with Fe-
catarrhai ailments of childhood. runa, and find it to be an excellent
*»»........««.»«««.«.i»tttt.t remedy for the grip and catarrh.
53^*^^^^4^ ' I have used it in my family and
\\ CJsS^ ' " they all join me in recommending
u4^r*l^sag>i l^ it as an excellent remedy."
The following testimonials from thank-,, *y^~^*^*t s<~r^'tij^fh?T*~$~~~**^^ "'
fnl meti and women tell 1n direct, sincere ' i ' '
language wliat their success has been In j^X^f^^ '\u25a0
tha use of Peruna ln their families: V^^^P 5^^-**^ >^^^_ '
Louis J. Scherrinsky, 103 Locust St., At- /jjyg^*-~4«2^™5w^ v \u25a0'
"I will tell you briefly what Peruna has . i fxf /VjF^^^W^*^Wa^^ vial ' '
done for me. I took a severe cold which" fjfci ' "d^^*** 1 ** 4^^^^^ \u25a0 rffV "
pave me a hard cough. All doctors' me<i- j>nJ J^*"^ X^4^S[ iwt ' '
Icines failed to cure it. I took one bottle iVrf ///Mfi WtSstSvD \$A ' !
of Peruna and v.-as well. * VVll ////Mur-s. V"2?fiJ M' \u2666
"Then two of my children had bad" Wfrll iStm fc/li^ ,jfftj *
coughs, accompanied by gagging. My ., M IIIMM 1 \u25a0 vMfffi ilgfj "
wife had .stomach trouble for years. She<'W0L ' ItllK L-\ W>''////f IlII/VM "
took Peruna and now she is well. t VJ$\ 'l/IM'i/k - - frvl/Mll/II'Mx ' '
•'I cannot express my thanks in words, \u2666 X^W/MZ/A"*?^ - " Mil 1 1 rjM \ \
but I recommend your remedy at every \ \S^!mmW/K ~~* si&i ///'£%££• \
opportunity, for I can conscientiously say ! \u2666
that there is no medicine like Peruna. \u2666
Nearly everyone in this town knew about •
the sickness of myself dncT family, and \u2666 - *
they have seen with astonishment what I "^^^^K^vn^^^^
Peruna has done for us. Many followed I f^w>7jTrh 7 if~^ •
our example, and the result was health , C<T .»^^^
s^hfrrmfky. 3 ™ 1 heartlly - J &m -"-^- j* tiT^/frs/Youis J. Sfe/rmsSriT^i ' :
Peruna protects the family against ! "" — : - = - -g^ ' '
coughs, colds, catarrh, bronchitis, catarrh ............ tt-Ttrt t . \u25a0 . \u25a0
of the stomach, liver and kidneys. It is write at once to Dr. Hartman, giving a
th» k SUre to ,? u ™ a case °/ catarrh of f U n statement of your case and he witt bo
\u2666£f fc OW » e s as U ls a case of catar *h of pleased to give you his valuable advice
me fit nti. • gratis *- •" -
If you do not derive prompt and satis- Address Dr. Hartman, President of Tha
factory results from the use of Peruna.' Hartman Sanitarium. Columbus, O.
ADVERTISEMENTS*
I. .Money-Saving Sale~|
A dollar saved is a dollar made. The money
we save you and the merit of our goods make -
a strong combination for you this week.
CASH-- OR CREDIT J
YOU CAN BUY BY EITHER PLAN /!%l
SANITARY MOTH-PROOF REVERSIBLE &i>Vft
CARPET— Five different patterns; sewed V= «4.
lined and laid... 37^e yd iu, 1^^*^
Brtn»f your measurement. " - II^T^fc
CARPET REMNANTS, 2 to 7 yards. . .35c v d /T /V/ J ( \
$15 HAIR MATTRESS, good value . . . .80.50 f I 7/ T J 1
$14 CHIFFONIER. Solid oak, French Plate / A ZfJ \ \
mirror \u25a0» $9.OO /«n» O &>. •»
$50 BEDROOM SET, solid oak..?:i^.5O C^UV $A V H 4
$25 EXTENSION TABLE. Solid oak, / \S\^
six-inch legs $13.75 / if/fl^ 1 ftf ~4]
Free Delivery Within 100 Miles. \u25a0 jj/ \P ° 0 j2[
T RRII I ANT FURNITURE gjYiJ
. I .D.itiLLlAn.1 -cohpary Immm
' 338 to 342 Post St. y^S^%^ %PENITENTIARY . OFFICIAL "WHO
FIGURES IN THE- REPORT ON
THE FOLSOM OUTBREAK.
TTie report then says it is a bad com
mentary to pay that because of lack of
Funident prison accommodations It is
necessary to confine prisoners, who en
,d<vjvor to assist the prison officials. In
thrir rclls to protect them "from the
fury arfd' assaults of other prisoners."
"Such." says the report, "is practically
the OOnSItSoo in both prisons to-day. an<i
your board is helpless and powerless to
chance "it without legislative action."
I The report then proceeds to say that
many causes "led to the prison out
break, not the least of which has been
.the record of convicts in other prisons
who have become notorious because of
their exploits in 'breaking jail.' " etc.
"Again." says the rf-port, "there s«*ems
to"- t>crvade a sickly sentimentality
amour Some people concerning- the
treatment of prisoners in the State
• prisons, which found voice during the
last session of tho Legislature, when it
was made to appear, in pulpit and ros
trum, "that the real felons were those
•who were striving: to control the con
victs in both prisons by enforcing the
sharp discipline that experience has
* The board refers to the criticisms as'
to- the appointment of "trusties." and!
Fays that in this instance the "trusties"
.rpndered immediate and valuable services,
both at the time of the break and to
those who were so grievously injured."
GOOD WORK OF "TRUSTIES."
"ACRAMEN'TO, Sept. 28.— Gover-
S-. nor- Pardee to-day made public
the report of the State Board of
• .Prison Directors concerning the
recent break: at Kolsom prison.
At .the same time the Governor gave out
his; letter to The Directors, referring to
the ctief recomziendations in the report.
The inference cf the Directors in their
. report- to the "pickly sentimentality" al
lejfed to- exist 'concerning the treatment
cf coKvicts goes to' the agitation against
the use of the straitjacket. The sub
stance of the report follows:
On the morning of July 27, 1&33, .at
. about 7 o'clock, while the prisoners were
going out of the main building and when
o'v«r S00 had reached the yard*, some
twelve or fourteen desperate convicts, all
arn^eij, poire with knives, some with
razors and some carrying dynamite,
br^ke from the line and attacked the om
l
ccrs and guards present, and finding
Warden Wilkinson and Captain Murphy
in the captain's office, overpowered them
and threatened, with drawn knives, to
kill them should they make any resist
ance. There ensued a desperate encoun
trr. wherein Guard \V. L." Cotter was
killed* and Turnkey Cochrane desperately
\u25a0wounded. Thirteen of the convicts then
Sforccd- the Warden and Captain Murphy
t<r frlve- a Fignal from the yard to the
guards -!n the gun posts not to Ehoot.
Tho Directors say that in their
Opinion, had either Warden Wilkinson or
Captain Murphy refused to order the
' guards not- to shoot the officers and
-fcuards captured by the convicts would
" have been Severely injured, if not mur
dered. • Yet the board,- says the report.
Is unanimously of the opinion that the
outbreak should have been stopped 'at all
hazards.' 'L'ntort'Jnate as it may. be to
. facrin>e. a free man's* life In such a
cause,' -proceeds the report, 'we believe
th'at thoJe wh« accept positions where
\u25a0 duf.j; sometimes makes it necessary to en
danger their lives, this duty should be
fearlessly performed.'
• "OFFICERS ARE CRITICIZED.
The board expresses ' itself as con
vinced th.at had the officers and guards
-thown the s>ame 5i)irir and daring as did
the prisoners the convicts would never
. have escaped. The board also Fays that
it believes the lieutenant of the guard
oo-ald have stopped the outbreak at one
time, and that under no circumstances
•shotiJ-d he have surrendered the armory
to the •ccnvict.=. However, the officers are
not charged with cowardice, the surprise
.of the proceedings bcjng considered in
. excuse. Warden Wilkinson, says the
-board.' proved that he was 'not deficient
in cooxrage by his conduct after being- re
. leased.' He is credited with conducting a
lock-up 'at the Imminent risk of his life.'
The board has issued orders, applicable
to both' prisons, that hereafter the es
cape of, convicts must be prevented, if
possible, at all hazard, "whether they
haye free men In charge or not." The re
rort then proceeds to say that the recent
1're-ak, in Its opinion, "was not the re
, su-lt of -a lack 'of experience on the part
of th-e officers." and then gives the terms
of service of the Warden, Captain Mur
phy and Lieutenant Kripp.
The board expresses itself as consider
, Ing "it \ras most unwise and imprudent
for th£.V>'arden and other officers of the
prison faa meet every morning In the cap
tain's ofHce. just as the line was pass-
Ing ou,t." as it afforded the opportunitv
of doifcg just what was done in this
case.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Governor Pardee Replies to the Report Submitted on the Reasons
and Results of ihe Outbreak Which Occurred in the Latter
.'Part of July at the State Penitentiary Near Sacramento
BOARD OF PRISON DIRECTORS SCORES
THE CONDUCT OF FOLSOM OFFICIALS
One of Missouri's unique Industries Is
the growing of a kind of corn whose cob
is specially adapted for pipes. A group of
farmers in Lafayette County raise it ex
tensively. One fleld of twenty-five acres
produced 1126 bushels of corn, worth $336
and the cobs sold for $198. The . average'
per acre was $21 36. Corncob pipes are
supposed .to f dispose of nicotine » without
injury to the smoker. Senator Cockrell's
corncob pipe is one : of the traditions of
Missouri campaigns.
Sunday, Oct. 4. < at • 0:30. a. m., the splendid
and conimodl° U8 steamer Sausallto will make
a special bay trip to, all points of interest on
water front of six counties, including Union
Iron Works. Naval Training Station. San
Pablo Bay. Vallejo. Lime Point. Returns at
5:30 p. m. Excellent musical entertainment.
Positively no liquors sold. Meals all day.
75c round trip (50c for children). Tickets on
sale 626 Market st., or Sausalito Ferry, S. J*.«
Fine Bay Excursion.
A well dressed woman created some
thing of a sensation on. Fourth street In
the vicinity of the St. Nicholas Hotel
Monday afternoon by her method of car
rying a very young baby. She had across
her arm a "carryall," but instead of hav
ing It filled with articles secured in the
shopping district she carried a lusty
youngster, which looked as If it might be
about one year old. It was sleeping- as
serenely as if ensconced in Its own couch
at home, and the mother walked in and
out of the stores with as little concern
as if she only carried an ordinary pack
age. But the passers-by eyed her, and
every woman from Vine to Race craned
her neck to see how the child enjoyed its
new mode of travel. The mother paid
little' attention to the comments of the
throng and went about her business in
such a matter-of-fact way that the im
pressJon soon prevailed that both she and
the baby were used to It and cared little
for, what others • said.-Cincinnati En
quirer.
Latest in Baby Transportation.
I agree heartilj* fully and unreservedly, with
these four quotations. And In this connection
I most sincerely agree with the following clause
I also note th» following In your report:
"Yet the board is unanimously of the opinion
that the officers and guards should have
stopped this outbreak at all hazards."
I also call attention to the following: "We
also feel that there wai a time when the lieu
tenant of the guard could have stopped th»
outbreak and prevented the prisoners from es
caping, and he should under no circumstances
have surrendered the armory to the convicts."
The following' is also worthy of note: "So
convinced Is the board that it Is the duty of
all officers and guards to prevent the escape
of convicts at every hazard, that an order
has been issued making it the Imperative duty
of all officers and guards to prevent convicts
from escaping, whether they have free men
In their charge or not. and. when any euch at
tempt Is made' the guards must fire."
I note, with pleaeure, your praise of Turn
key Cochrane. who was eo nearly killed In
the melee; with as groat a degree of sadness
I note your account of the murder of Guard
\V. L.. Cotter. Both are worthy of all praise.
I also note the following sentence In your
report* "Your board is convinced that had
the officers and guards who were attacked
showed the same daring and nerve as the con
vict* who attacked them, the convicts could
never have left the prison grounds alive. '
SACRAMENTO. Sept 28.— The reply of
Governor Pardee to the report of the
Prison Directors Is as follows:
To the Honorable the Board of Prison Di
rectors of the State of California — Gentlemen:
I have before me your report on the disastrous
and lamerilable outbreak and escape of prison
ers from the penitentiary at Folsom.
It would appear from the evidence taken
before jour board Botne time elnce (a. report
of which has been placed before me by Pri
vate Secretary A. B. Nye, who was present
at the meeting of your board), that the whole
prison force, with two or three exceptions,
connected wirh the outbreak, displayed a total
want of capacity and efficiency at the very
moment when called upon to show capacity
and efficiency.
Criticisms of the Prison Directors
Meet With Approval.
STATEMENT OF GOVERNOR.
Mr Carnegie never owned any second mort
gage bonds or shares of the United States
Steel trust. His bonds are first mortgage
bonds covering all the property, and are not
quoted upon the Stock Exchange. • •
The slump in United States Steel stock
caused some anxiety as to its probable
effect on Andrew Carnegie's library en
dowments. It is said, however, Carnegie
views the slump with, the utmost com
placency. An appeal to him to-day on
this subject elicited the following re
sponse:
The heavy liquidation is said to be due
to the needs of American financiers and
speculators. Apprehension Is felt regard
ing the position in "Wall street and anx
iety Is entertained concerning: the Stock
Exchange settlement here on Wednesday.
There are rumors: of probable failures,
which, in the best informed ciuarters,
however, are said to bo exaggerated.
LONDON. Sept. 28.— The renewed heavy
realizations, chiefly in the list of invest
ment securities, caused a demonstration
on the stock markets to-day almost
amounting to a panic. Consols once
touched 8714, being a full point beneath
the lowest reached during the Franco-
German war.
New York Situation Is Eeflected on
the British 'Change.
ALMOST A PANIC IN LONDON.
Authorizes President to
Conclude a Treaty
With America.
They .encountered a stolid stage door
keeper who had been at his post for years
and was used to the wiles of people who
wanted to get behind the scenes.
"Can't get in here," he said in a gruff
voice. . - .
"But," said Mr. Cleveland, "I am the
Governor."
The doorkeeper looked the Governor
over carefully. Apparently he recognized
him, for he said: "All right, Governor,
you can ko in."
Then he waved his hand at the gaudy
staff and announced : .'/The band must
go around the other way."— New York
Commercial.
Buffalonlans who "hang out" at Wey
and's and who used to frequent the elder
Weyand's place, when "Grove" Cleveland
was • a regular patron there, will appre
ciate the following story about Grover
which is going the grand rounds. It is
said Mr. Cleveland tells the story himself
with much glee. It was while he was
Governor of the State of New York.
There was a public meeting at one of
the theaters to which the Governor and his
staff were invited. The staff put on their
most gorgeous uniforms. There were fif
teen or sixteen of them and they were re
splendent In gold lace and cord.
When the party reached the theater en
trance they found so. many people there
that somebody suggested they should go
around and enter by way of the stage
door. •\u25a0 i."«*. -'&;•'*
Cleveland's Band.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
COLON, Sept. 28.— Advices have been re
ceived from Bogota to the effect that
Congress has passed a law authorizing
the President to conclude a canal treaty
with the United States on a certain basis
without the approval of Congress.
President Castro of Venezuela is still
massing troops and ammunition along the
Maracalbo frontier, which causes alarm
in Colombia.
The report is sijrned by R. M. Fitzger
ald. Joseph H. Wilkins, C. N. Felton and
Don Rav.
No reformation, says the report, can be
hoped for under this system, though in
California it .has been administered bet
ter than ever before. Knlarged prison
facilities are asked for by the board for
both Folsom and San Quentin, and also
appropriations to employ more free help,
such as bookkeepers, stenographers, etc.
A wall about Folsom prison Is strongly
recommended.
The report concludes' by saying that It
has only "touched upon the outlines of
the Vvlls that exist.' " The most extra
ordinary precautions are being taken, say
the Directors, to prevent any further out
break at Folsom prison, but still the board
is convinced that many of the officers and
guards did not respond to the emergency
as they should, and "we are impressed
with the necessity of a thorough reor
ganization at Folsom prison." This, says
the Directors, is now engaging their earn
est attention."
The reccrt then fays: "It is a suffi
ciently difficult task to control the con
victs of the State under the svstem in
vogue, and which your board is convinced
is a disgrace to the State, without the
convicts feeling that the public at large
sympathize with them and not with the
officers of the law."
The "congregate system," the report
says, has been in use in this State for
fifty years, without change, though im
provements in administration have been
made. However, the board declares that
no prisoners are better fed and that the
health and physlcan condition of the pris
oners are most carefully guarded.
"We favor." pay the Directors, "using
physical punishment only when necessary
to maintain discipline. But the 'congre
gate system' Is what .we complain of.
This system has been abandoned by prac
tically every other State In the United
States," but California clings to it and
is really educating prisoners in crime— "is
a partner In crime."
These criticisms, says the report, have
not influenced the Directors, who realize
that they were made in ignorance of the
facts or by misguided sentimentalists, and
"that some day the people of California
would learn the truth about the prisons
of tfift State and would respond as gen
erously and promptly as they have to tttfe
needs of other departments of the gov
ernment."
proved necessary in dealing with des
perate men. The oonvicts were made
the heroes, the officers and guards the
lawbreakers. Since that time unrest has
pervaded both prisons to a greater or Ies3
degree."
FAULT IN THE SYSTEM.
COLOMBIA TAKES
ACTION ON CANAL
DISHONESTY IN JAPAN.
Concerning his. Journey up and along
the China and Japanese coast he said:
The enjoyment of the Earl and Countess
of Lonsdale on their present journey
around the world really began at the Dur
bar in India, and after this great festivity
was over, he went Into the jungles on a
hunting expedition. From India they
drifted around to China, and it was there
that Lord Lonsdale made careful note of
everything within his range of observa
tion and inquiry.
advisability of bringing Lord Kitchener
back from India and placing him in the
War Office is one that I doubt will be
carried out. In fact, I dont think Lord
Kitchener would accept the position. He
prefers the activity of field service and
as a man of acknowledged ability he can
better render service to his country in
India."
EXPECTED LIPTON'S DEFEAT.
Having seemingly exhausted the politi
cal subject, Lord Lonsdale suddenly
turned the conversation to the latest de
feat of Sir Thomas Lipton in the inter
national yacht race and exclaimed:
"It was just as I expected. Long ago
I figured out that the American boat
should lead the Britisher by between 9
and 15 minutes. I have no hope of ever
seeing a British boat capture the cup, for
I am of the opinion that it is almost a
physical Impossibility. I base this idea on
the fact that a boat can not be built on
lines that will permit her to make the
long ocean voyage and then engage suc
cessfully In a race. To cross the ocean
it is necessary to strengthen a boat to a
degree that is likely to make her cum
brous. In making her seaworthy she loses
her finer points as a racing boat."
Continued From Page 1, Column 3.
slap bang it goes across the ocean to his
own people.
"Is Russia well prepared for war? Well,
I Imagine she is. She has control of the
railroad, and when once Russia gets her
hands on anything you will not hear of
her relinquishing it. She has lately been
reported as withdrawing her troops from
the frontier, but she is rapidly organiz
ing railroad battalions, which I suspect
will in the future be her method of guard
ing her interests on the eastern side of
her territory.
MENACE TO OUR TRADE.
"I have questioned her right to Korea,
but I look upon her relations toward
China as perfectly natural. She Is tho
natural neighbor of China and should be
conceded some rights In matters that con
cern the future of that empire."
Lord Lonsdale said that Russia's ex
tension of her railroad interests and the
interest she is showing in her Siberian
frontier and countries bordering on it
bodes no good to American trade. It will
not be long, said he, before Russia will
be competing with the United States in
the supplying of lumber to the Orient and
the Manchurian wheat will soon be in the
market as a competitor to the grain from
this country.
The Karl and Countess of Lonsdale ex
pect to remain here only a few days and
will then proceed direct to New York,
where they will embark for London,
which they expect to reach Inside of tho
next four weeks.
"I visited every port In China and was
greatly interested in my studies there. I
also paid particular heed to the affairs of
the Japanese. The latter are an ambitious
race and are constantly talking of war.
They feel very strong in their position
with the other great nations of the world
and honestly believe that they can fight
them all and walk all around the United
States. I am afraid that some day the
little brown men will be awakened to a
sudden and serious realization of their
mistake. As to possible war between
Japan and Russia, I doubt if they will
ever get together. I was not greatly im
pressed with the Japanese as a people.
They are dishonest in their methods and
there is evidence of the fact to be found
on every side. Why, even In their own
banks, when you call and ask for a
cashier they bow and scrape and finally
lead you along to a desk and introduce
you to a Chinese, who handles the cash.
They do not keep their word, and in busi
ness methods are tricky and unreliable.
RUSSIA WELL PREPARED.
"A Chinese, if he agrees to do a thing,
will do it, but the Japanese will try to
evade the conditions of a contract entered
Into If he sees the slightest chance of
benefiting himself In the smallest degree.
And again the Japanese are as bad as
the Chinese In the matter of sending
money out of a country. The Japanese
will come among you, work for just as
cheap wages as the Chinaman, and as
soon as he gets a little money saved up.
I note. also, what you pay about the neces
sity of so improving the two prisons as to per
mit the substitution for the present "congre
gate system" the more modern, humane and
safer method whereby each prisoner shall be
separately confined. Your board has recom
mended this change in system, I am informed,
a number of times. : It is, of course, a matter
for legislative action. But I agree -with you
as to its necessity and shall hope, with you,
that the Legislature, at Its next session, may
make sufficient appropriations, both for this
find such other lmprovemnts as may appear to
be necessary.
I congratulate you upon this statement In
your report: "For years your board has en
deavored to eliminate from the management
of the State prisons any political Influence or
interference, and that Is Its present aim. We
are pleased to say that we have succeeded in
this to a very great extent, and wish to .ac
knowledge our appreciation of your expressed
desire to aid In this particular."
In conclusion, gentlemen of the board, let ma
say that It devolves upon you to conduct the af
fairs of the prisons. I have every confidence
In your desire to so conduct them that no Just
criticism can flow to you. and that, bo far as
possible, they may be made what they were In
tended to be. viz. : places of detention and pun
ishment for those who break the law and re
formatories for such prisoners as may be ca
pable of reform. And of your integrity and
capability well and properly to manage the in
stitutions committed to your care I have no
doubt. GEORGE C. .PARDEE, I
Governor of California.
I also note your disapproval of that unjust
bias which makes the public bo ready to take
the part of desperate men confined in prisons
for infractions of the law against the prison
officials when the latter are compelled to take
decisive steps to control their charges and pre
serve discipline. Those who know how des
perate and abandoned many of the convicts
confined In our prisons are agree with you
thoroughly in your condemnation of that public
sentiment which, knowing nothing of the true
prison conditions, refuses to believe that harsh
measures are frequently necessary to disci
pline those men who will stop at no brutality,
even murder, to wreak their vengeance upon
those who betray their plots and conspiracies,
or to effect their escape from the charge of
those whom the law has put over them. With
you, I am convinced that those who come clos
est In contact with the convicts In our prisons
know best how to manage them. It Is always
safest, I think, in human affairs, to look out
for the best results in any particular matter
at the hands of those who are expert In It.
tint. In my opinion, too much censure cannot
be visited upon those guards and officials who
obeyed the order not to resist the escaping
prisoners. Orders tlven by officials in the
hancs of convicts are not the order* of the
officials, but are the orders of« '.he convicts
themselves. And any free prison official or
guard who, under these or any other circum
stances, obeys the orders of convicts, is guilty
of the grossest breach of discipline and de
servlr.jr of the severest censure. And I re
peat, from the evidence .taken before your
board,' it appears to be that the whole prison
force, with few exceptions, at the point of
the outbreak became thoroughly demoralized
and for the time belnc absolutely Inefficient.
And, in my Judgment. It is not necessary to
consider whether or not they, or any of them,
were guilty of cowardice.
In your report you have mentioned one or
two cases of especially noteworthy abject neg
lect of duty by prison officials at the com
mands of the escaping convicts. One of the
most aggravated, and aggravating, examples
of this appears to me to be the case of the
guard who, mounted on horseback and armed
with a sun, rode up, at the command of the
convicts, and surrendered himself and his
weapon into their hands.
I note, also, your recommendation that cer
tain convicts be granted executive clemency
as a reward for services rendered to the of
ficials at the time of the outbreak. You men
tion particularly Joseph . Casey, a life-termer;
John Martinez, serving a twenty-year sentence
since 1S05; Charles Abbott, second-termer,
serving a life sentence: O. C. Clark, a ninth
termer, serving a twenty-year sentence, and
William Grlder, a third-termer, servinsr a five
year sentence. I shall certainly take heed of
your recommendations in these ca*es, and I
agree with you that convicts who aid the
prison authorities to preserve order and prison
discipline should receive some reward lor their
services.
I am ni>t disuospd to attree \u25a0with those who
harshly criticize the Warden, and t':ose who
with him were prisoners in the hands of the
convicts, for. under pain of instant Ueath at
the hands of their desperate captors, ordering
ths free guards not to flre upon the escapes.
Even the lives 01 prison otliciuls are sweet
an i dear to them.
of your report: "And we are Impressed with
the necessity of a thorough reorganization at
F"olsom Prison." And I am very glad that
"this is now engaging our (your) earnest and
continued attention, and we (you) will accom
plish It at the earliest possible moment." I
have pvery faith in your sincerity In making
this statement: and hope that circumstances
will not compel you to put oft its accomplish
ment very lor.g. . • .
But this will change, especially as it is al
most certain that, with the Inability of cor
porations to finance their requirements, general
business throughout the country must, after a
time, fall off. and when that moment arrives
we shall have a large amount of funds seeking
employment. These surplus funds will, to
some extent, determine the value, for ordinary
purposes, of a superabundant volume of cur
rency and we shall witness an increased de
mand for securities. It is not at all unlikely,
however, that when railroad earnings begin to
decrease because of reduced general business
the values of railroad securities will begin to
again increase.
It does not appear likely that the much feared
money strinRcncy will materialize. In fact,
money is abundant now. only those who con
trol the supply are afraid In the uncertain
state of affairs to part with It. The conse
quence is that we have a superabundant supply
of money on daily call, while time money can
not be had in large amounts.
It Is simply a. fever which must run Its
course. Just as we had a buying fever two
years api and even last year, bo the selling
fever has now taken hold of the people and
reason counts for nothing.
No matter what may be said as to the causes
which have brought about the present situa
tion, prevailing condition*' throughout the coun
try do not Justify the existing great decline in
substantial securities. The time will come
when people will wonder how conditions such
as we see now could have existed.
Jacob II. Schiff of Kuhn, Loeb & Co.,
commenting upon stock market condi
tions, said:
The conditions which prompt the liqui
dation and the probable limits of its ex
tent are consequently the cause of grave
disquiet and apprehension. It was the
failure of stock jobbing operations that
brought the early selling, and the losses
reported were almost wholly on paper,
as the previous gains had been.
But later episodes represent the failure
of enterprises in which extensive capital
has been embarked, at demonstrably un
productive'employment. Capital thus sunk
Is capital lost.
Comptroller Ridgley's expression, used
before the Maryland and Washington
bankers, that "a large percentage of the
leaning power has gone Into unproductive
interests," formulates the dread of Wall
street over the present situation. The re
action ' in the iron and steel industries,
the high interest rates, especially on mer
cantile paper, and the curtailment of pro
duction In other lines caused the fear that
over-extension has spread to industrial
nnd commercial lines, representing addi
tional "unproductive interests," to be fol
lowed by liquidation and contraction.
The present course of the banks is di
rected toward conserving the commercial
and Industrial needs of credits, and to
this end they are inexorable to all pro
motion and financing projects. ( The mis
carriage of these projects is still the
cause of most of the liquidation. While
the great majority of Wall street's prbm
lnent men show a decided disinclination
to talk for publication, inquiry among the
very highest Interests elicits statements
that nothing of a serious or untoward
character is apprehended.
SIMPLY A SEIZING FEVER.
There Is, in fact, rather a notable lack
of public statements by men of authority
pointing to the cheapness of stocks, which
were heard from time to time during the
course of the long decline and at price
levels considerably above the present. But
it is equally true that men seeking a
market to realize ready money at forced
sales of securities are not likely to miss
any means of concealing their transac
tions. The source of selling orders In the
present market is a baffling mystery, and
inferences usually drawn from the per
sonality of the brokers employed are al
most invariably at fault.
FAILURE OF ENTERPBISES.
NEW YORK. Sept. 28.— Wall street spent
another gloomy day, which was devoted
mostly to trying to puzzle out where the
unending stream of liquidation came from
and what caused It. Information on the
subject, or even authoritative opinions,
were extremely hard to get. It i!3 pointed
out that great bankers and capitalists
-were not heard giving warnings last year
during the high range of prices while
they were seeking a profitable market for
their holdings. From this it is Inferred
that the buyers of a class which decides
market movements would not be heard of
Inciting others to buy if they were them
selves seeking securities on cheap terms
In the present market.
Leading Financier Says They Axe
Due Simply to a "Fever" Which
Must Be Allowed to Run
Its Full Course.
Speculators Fail to Fathom
Source of "Unloading"
Operations.
Wall Street Marvels at
Flood of Selling
CEASELESS
CURRENT OF
LIQUIDATION
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 29, 1903.
LORD LONSDALE HOMEWARD BOUND
3
. ADVEP.TISEHENTS.
Agreeable soap for the
hands is one that dissolves
quickly, cashes quickly,
rinses quickly, and leaves
the skin soft and comfort-
able. It is Pears*.
Wholesome soap is one
that' attacks the dirt but
not the living skin. It is
Pears'. "
Economical soap is one
that. a touch of cleanses.
And this is Pears'.
• Established over 100 years.
. Why haven't you bought
Schilling's Best of your
• Can't you distinguish be-
tween a good thing and a hxjrn-
bu^' in the advertisement?
( ADVEBTISEMENTS.
©©©(»©©eoe©«©o©oooe*es$coo$ooooe©oooeoo9©ooo©o
1 The Only Way I
® There are many remedies and few cures for the loss of vital* ne , nr ? 5
• and muscular strength; for those weaknesses which rob the physical 9
O body of Its strength. There Is one grand and never falling remedy when 9
© It Is applied right — that Is Electricity. It will cure In every case w he n o
2 given to the body in the right way. It is a mistake for any one to think
X that, drugs will build up broken-down organs. You must give back to the J
x body what it has lost. This is not found In drugs, all of which are tern- »*
• porary stimulants. The real strength of the nerves and vital organs Is o
• Electricity. That is what the body has lost; that is what it must get O
• back. I have cured 50.000 weak, unhappy, broken-down men In the twenty 9
• years that I have applied my -C : «• ;- •
• Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Belt •
0 And every one of them had spent from ; $50 to 9500 on tonjfi before they 0
A cams to me as a last resort. Are yon weak or In pain? Are yon Nervous or . o
2 Sleepless? Save yon Varlcocole, Rheumatism. Weak Back, JCidnsy Tron-
i ble, Weak Stomach, Indigestion or Constipation?. Aro yon Uckinff to X
Z Viyor? 'I can five yon the Wewinsr of health and strength. I can flu J
• your body with viffor and make yon feel as yon did In your yonth. My w
• Electric Belt Is worn while yon sleep. It five*, a soothing*, ffenlal warmth •
• into the body. This is lif e— vijer. ©
• DR. McL.AUGHt.IN — Dear Sir: My two months' experience with your Hett ha» ©
• . been such as to enable me to stronuly recommend It for all nervous weaknesses, kid- O
A ney trouble and indigestion, and I assure you that whenever an opportunity presents £
• ltsclt I shall not neglect to speak a good word for you. Yours respectfully. m
\u25a0 A. PATTERSON. Dedrick. Cal. £
5 No matter what alls you. there Is a cure for you In Nature's remedy— Electricity. _
• The greatest cures on record have been performed by this famous Belt, and it is r«c- »»
O • opnized to-day as the greatest remedial aKert known to mankind. It tur»» erery torm *0
A of weakness, restores the flre and vigor of youth, cures all forms of Nervous Diseases, Q
a Kidney and Bladder Troubles. Rheumatism. Sciatica. Vancocele. Lumbago and many q
X other complaints, after every other kiiown system of medical treatment has failed. _
• I give a test free to all who calL- If you can't call I will send you my beautiful **
© illustrated book, with full Information, free. Call or write now. Don't delay. ©
5 Fit- JVI C Mr- 1 oVVsVViiiri 906 Market Street, %
q L/F. lYl, We IVICL,3.ll^nilll, AJot» Ellis. 8*a l>naei«M. ©
• Office Hours— 8 a. m. to 8 p. m.; Sundays. 10 to 1. •>
ADVERTISEMENTS.
f^Ss^ sweeten, Dispels colds and 1
Mp^fl To refresh, i headaches when 1
l^^^fe^W To cleanse the A bilious or con- 1
Sr^fe ' "Vrf\ §yst>ei&, J stipfited; I
Iff I 1 i W: ; 1 \ Effectually I For men, women I
ll ""'^^^Sy-- ) ali^ *^ eivtJy; \ and children; I
111 Hi^fc^ There is only \ Acts best* on
one Genuine § the kidneys
pft^Si^l f Syrup of Figs; I and liver
It v to get its bene- 1 stomach and
I^fclSiSsf ficial effects bowels; I
j^^fe^Sv^^M Always buy Lhe genuine— Manufactured by the I;
fe JitbuiisYille, Ky Swv fiandsc^Ofcl. HewYorkJiX. I
rl'| The genome Syrup of Figs is for sale by all first-class druggists. \u25a0 The m
&\u25a0*' full name of the company — California Fig Syrup Co. — is always fi
jS printed on the front of every package. Price Fifty Cents per bottle. \Startling Statements.
"Are Made During
the Debate.
though the majority and minor
ity had burled their differences and a
united Democracy, for which Franklin K.
Lane, the nominee for Mayor, so devout
edly wished, had come, but all this was
.dispelled when the Committee on Super
visors submitted its report on eighteen
names to be placed on the ticket at the
coming municipal election. The minority
Submitted three names to the committee
and only two were accepted. Edward
Rock, Carl Westerfeld and Charles Wes
ley Reed were the choice of the minority.
Reed wes Inimical to the rulers of the
majority and his name was stricken
from the list and the name of Edward
Gleason substituted.
When the minority learned of this
there was a howl of Indignation, and In
an instant the entire convention, which
had beeen a harmonious gathering, be
came a turbulent one. There were cries
of treachery end charges of unfair deal-
Ing. Joseph E. O'Donnell. George Galla
pher and others in the minority raised
their voices In Indignation over the man
ner in which they were treated. De
pplte their objections the report of th«
committee was adopted. The mi
nority now vows vengeance and will re
fuse to make the nomination of Mr.
Lane unanimous. The convention broke
up in disorder and some more hot bat
tling is anticipated when the delegates
meet again to-morrow evening.
Owing to the mooting of the commit
tee of eight selected by the minority to
m«et a like committee from the major
ity, the convention did not go into ses
sion until 9:25 o'clock. The names sub
mitted by the minority were taken un
der advisement, and the committee on
THE Democratic municipal con
vention has not yet reached a
condition of harmony. For a
time last evening it looked as
MANILA, Sept. 28.— Dominado Gomes
was to-day sentenced to four years and
two months' Imprisonment and fined 1200.
Maximum bail was refused pending an
appeal. The Filipino Assessors dissented
from the decision. Gomez, who was a
former Spanish officer, was" charged with
founding the Union Obrcra, an organ
ization which was inciting the natives to
rebellion.
Gomez Receives a Heavy Sentence.
cheered loudly for "Billy" Hynes. Mr.
Cullinan spoke as follows:
The office of Public Administrator is one of
great trust. The occupant of that office there
fore should be a man ekllled In affairs, accus
tomed to business methods and capable of man
aging safely and shrewdly the estates confided
to his care. Michael J. Hynes is such a man.
Mr. Hynea Is better known, I think, to you
all as "Billy" Hyne*. He was born in this
city, has grown up here, and he is now the
cashier and secretary and a stockholder of one
of the largest dry roods nouses in San Fran
cisco. He is better known to the public, how
ever, as the man who Elngs the laughing song,
and as one of the jolliest and best fellows in
the city. Mr. Hynee has put under obligations
every church, every society, every clut> — I
might almost says every Individual, In San
Francisco. Ills time and talent have been al
ways at the service of friends of good fellow
ship, of religion, of charity. He has never
before asked for a favor In return from the
public. He Is a Democrat, but he Is net a poli
tician, and he now comes for the flret time
before the people. His training has been such
as to fit him to be a competent Public Admin
istrator, and I believe that If you nominate
"Billy" Hynes you will have not only the best
possible candidate, but be electing the best pos
sible man to fill the. office. I therefore place In
nomination Michael J. Hynes. /
HYNES RESPONDS.
William Ross and John J. Gleason In
formed the convention that it gave them
grpat delight to second the nomination.
There were loud cries for Hynes, and to
still the clamor the comedian was invited
to the platform. There were demands for
a song, but Hynes responded as follows:
Mr. Chairman and gentlemen of the con
vention: The opposition have accused the
Democrats of taking everything, and I really
hate to take the platform. (Laughter and ap-,
plause.) Mr. Chairman, and gentlemen of the
convention, fellow Democrats and friends —
that was a pretty good line, I think (renewed
laughter). You know I flatter myself I eatd it
fairly well, when you come to consider that
that was the first time In my life that I ever
had, occasion to use the expression. I didn't
expect to come up here at all, and really the
invitation to come up comes upon me so sud
denly I hardly know what to say to you, and
I feel very much In the position of the young
fellow who took a young maid out for a
skate. The ice was pretty thin, and they
both fell through, but with the assistance of
Rome friends he managed to get out all right,
and he turned around to see where she was.
There she was struggling In the Ice. He
reached out as far as he could, and he said.
"Agnes, Agnes, give me your hand!" She
said, "O George, this la so sudden!" (Laugh
ter.) Now, that Is the way I feel about It;
I feel that this Is very sudden. And I also feel
that if you will all lend me a helping hand
I have no doubt In the world of the result,
except possibly that after election Is over I
might find myself In the position of the young
American heiress who married one of these
cheap European noblemen, and shortly after
the interesting event had occurred she sud
denly discovered that she hadn't got a square
count. (Laughter.) Now, gentlemen, In con
clusion I want to Bay a f ew words to you —
Just in conclusion. I want to say that I ap
preciate, highly, very highly, and I thank you
from the bottom of my heart for the- honor
that you have conferred upon me In placing
me before the people of this city and county
for the office of Public Administrator. Gen
tlemen of the convention, again I thank you.
(Applause.)
Osgood Putnam presented the report of
the, committee on Supervisors at this
Juncture, and the fun began. The dele
gates listened attentively to the reading
of the names in the report, which ap
peared in the following' order:
A. Comte Jr., H. MY Brandenstein, Sam
uel Braunhart, J. P. Bo#th, John Connor,
A. A. d'Ancona, Henry Payot, Robert J.
Loughery, John A. Lynch, George B. Mc-
Clellan, T. Cary Friedlander, Frank J.
Grace, John Barnett, Dr. Fred "A. Grazer,
Oscar Hocks, Edward Rock, Carl Wester
feld* and Edward Gleason. A motion to
adopt the report as read met with strong
opposition. The minority declared it had
been tricked* and a dozen delegates were
on their feet demanding a hearing.
FIGHT COMMENCES.
Joseph E. O'Donnell, the acknowledged
leader of the minority, was recognized,'
and he calmly offered as an' amendment
that the name of . Edward Gleason be
stricken from the list and the name of
Charles Wesley Reed ' substituted. The
motion wa3 seconded by, George E. ' Gal-
Supervisors asked further time to de
liberate. In the interim four or five
nominations were made and the minor
ity leaders took pleasure in not only
seconding the nominations but in mov
ing: to make them unanimous.
DODGE NOMINATED.
On calling the convention to order
Cl.aiman Thomas W. Hickey announced
that the first business of the evening
was the reading of the report of the com
mitt'x* of eight. Osgood Putnam, chair
man of the committee, asked for further
time. Nominations for Assessor were
next in order, and William M. Cannon
took the platform to place the name of
Dr. Washington Dodge, incumbent of the
office, before the convention. When
Assessor Dodge's name was mentioned
theref was hearty applause. Mr. Can
non si>oke as follows:
I have had a severe cough to-day, but if I
can control my voice long enough I am going
to place In nomination for Assessor of thla
city and county Dr. Washington Dodsre.
(Applause.) When Dr. Dodge was nominated
for Assessor in 1S9S there was entrenched in
the office a gentleman whom It was supposed
cnuld not be defeated; it was supposed that
Dr. Dodge, when he accepted that nomination,
was to lead a forlorn hope. But he went into
the fight valiantly; he went out among the
people; he explained to them the iniquitous
condition of the assessment of this city and
county for years past; he promised them dras
tic reforms, and they believed him, for they
elected him Assessor over his powerful oppo
nent by a majority of S00O votes. A year
later he went before the people again to glvt
an account of his stewardship; he told them
the condition In which he had found things; he
ehowed them that in the one short year of his
incumbency he had materially reduced the
assessment upon the homes of the email
home-owners of, this city, while, on the other
hand, he had assessed property which had
theretofore esoaood taxation entirely In an
amount exceeding £55,000,000, or, rather had
lncrea«t-d the assessment roll In that one year
over ?Ji5,000.000. And now. after four more
years of faithful service in that office to which
he was elected at the election four years ago
by a majority greater than the total vote of
his opponent, by a majority greater than was
ever received by any other candidate in this
city and county, carrying, as he did, every
precinct tn the city, he appears before you
ag-ain. and I humbly appear on his behalf,
asking you whether or not you indorse hl«
course in office, and, if you do, to again place
him In nomination for the office he has bo
favorably filled during the last five years.
Mr. Chairman, I take great pleasure In
placing before this convention for the office
of AFfessor that Nemesis of the tax-dod*er
and the friend of the taxpayer, Dr. Washing
ton Dodpe. (Applause.)
Joseph E. O'Donnell took the floor and
in behalf of the Thirty-sixth District sec
onded the nomination of Dr. Dodge. John
H. Mullen and Messrs. Haley and Van
Wyck also added their meed of praise
in seconding the nomination. Dr. Dodge
being the choice of the convention, the
secretary was instructed to cast the bal
lot, which he did.
BYHTCrTON IS NAMED.
District Attorney Lewis F. Byington
was placed in nomination for his present
position by J. C. Sims. Mr. Sims paid
Byington some fine tributes. He spoke
at lensth, and when he said that his
candidate was wiser than Solomon the
sally was received with a laugh. Mr. Sims
spoke as follows:
I congratulate this convention upon its hav
ing placed at the head of the Democratic mu
nicipal ticket In this campaign as able, as pa
triotic, and as gifted a leader as ever graced
a party 1 * or a people's cause. Undoubtedly
he will uphold the f-tandard of Democracy and
pure government triumphantly and far In ad
vance while the tlephant tramps in the dis
tant dust bearing Uncle Sam's postofflce- and
Its discredited and corrupt officials on its back.
His voice will be heard amid the plaudits and
the acclamations of his fellow citizens when
the former leader of the "Florodora" march
will play his fiddle to listless audiences and
with that discord and lack of harmony which
has bo characterized hl3 brief, inconsistent and
useless political career.
Upon this ticket which you are now com
pleting I ask you to place a man who Is a fit
and worthy associate of our nominees and Is
the peer of any man who has been placed
or who will be placed upon our ticket. Gen
tlemen, he is a wiser man than Solomon.
(Laughter.) The Democratic party has existed
elnce the birth of the nation, and it will ex
ist and flourish until popular government be
longs to long-vanished times. It has seen all
other political parties rise and fall; It has
seen them buried In nameless, unnumbered and
forgotten graves, and I believe that it will
6ee the funeral of the Republican party its
present and greatest adversary.
The man for whose cause I speak is a
Democrat In the fullest and highest and best
sense. He cherishes the tradition* of the
party and is attached to its theories, princi
ples and policies. Among the people of Cali
fornia Lewis F. Byington stands peerless. No
one is more favorably known throughout this,
his native State, and no one takes greater
pride In Its grandeur and greatness, and great
er happiness in the giant trend of human ac
tivities from the East to the land of the sink
ing sun. If he Is nominated you may reckon
with absolute certainty that he will be the"
District Attorney, and no one can with -any
hope or reason look outside of the District At
torney'B office for any part of his power in
fluence, conscience or intelligence.
During his incumbency he has investigated
crime he has convicted more criminals de
servedly than any one who has ever held the
office in the history of Ban Francisco. His
able, pure, hlghminded. official life - haa
strengthened, purified and elevated our politi
cal condition. He has always stood for a rig
orous and vigorous investigation of criminal
conduct with Intrepidity and strict regard to
Justice. Gentlemen, if you wtoh a man In the
office of legal learning, of undimmed honor,
who uphold* the hltrh utandards of official
life. I feel that you are bound to give Lewis
F. Byington your unanimous support upon his
record in the past and what you know It will
be In the \u25a0 future, having the lamp of expe
rience for your guide. (Applause.)
There were no further nominations and
Mr. Byington was nominated by the
unanimous vote of the convention. There
was loud cheering for Byington and the
delegates and spectators called for the
popular official, but Chairman Hickey
brought hia hammer down on the anvil
and declared that nominations for Coro
ner were in order.
EULOGIZES DBl LELAND. 7 "
Louis Ferrari, a young man who halls
from the Thirty-third Assembly District,
placed Thomas B. W. Leland in nomina
tion for Coroner. He made a clever
speech and his earnestness was notice
able to the deleeates, who received his
speech with a great deal of good nature.
Ferrari spoke as follows:
The Democratic party of San Francisco can
well be proud of the men whom they have
placed In office during the past tlx years.
Since the Introduction of our charter no
scandal, no misconduct in office haa marred
the record of a single Democratic official. It
la then only Juat that this convention should
renomlnate those men who have bullded the
reputation of the Democratic party for placing
honest public servants in office, nnd it la
only justice that the people of) San Francisco,
In recognition of the good that these men
have done to our municipality should re-elect
them. I feel proud, therefore, at this time
to be able to offer as a nominee for the office
of Coroner the Incumbent. Dr. Thomas B. W.
Leland. When Dr. Leiand first entered upon
his duty as Coroner of the city and county of
San Francisco his office was far from meeting
the requirements of a large and growing city,
but by dint of hard work and constant ap
plication Dr. 1 Leland added improvement to
Improvement /until to-day the Coroner's office,
in conduct and equipment, can stand com
parison with that or any city In the United
States.
In the conduct of his inquests Dr. Iceland
has carried on his Investigations fearlessly, fully
and fairly, with a view to place the responsi
bility where it justly lay, whether the re
sponsble party was a rich corporation or an
ordinary citizen. Dr. Leland has at all times
kept aloof from corporate influence and po
litical pulls In the discharge of his duty, and
he haa made it a constant aim to give Justice
to the rch and poor alike. But in all that
Dr Leland has done for San Francisco I know
that he cherishes. in his heart a desire to give
to San Francisco the best Coroner's office in
existence. And I further know t»iat if he
be given another term in office two years
hence we shall see the realization of his hopes
and the Coroner's, of flee of San Francisco will
stand as a living. memorial and a testimonial
to his everlasting effort to give to San Fran
cisco the best that was In him. But there
is a further reason why- this convention should
nominate Dr. Leland, and that is that he is
a sure winner and will add a tower of strength
to the ticket. There Is a further reason: Ow.
Ing to the number of political parties now in
the arena next election day will be accom
panied by a greater number of political corpses
than usual, and it is our duty to give them a
decent Democratic burial at the hands of a
Democratic Coroner. In conclusion I will state
that I feel deeply the exalted honor that has
been bestowed upon me in permitting; me to
nominate Dr. Thomas B. W. Iceland for the
office of Coroner. (Applause.)
Charles S. Peery seconded the nomina
tion of Dr. Leland from the floor of the
convention. He spoke about a reunited
Democracy and also praised Dr. Leland
for his worth as a citizen and an official.
CrODCTKATTX FAVORED.
When nominations were closed Dr. Le
land received the unanimous vote of the
convention. Chairman Hickey then called
for nominations for Recorder, and Os
good Putnam, chairman of the Commit
tee on Supervisors, broke away from the
committee in order to place the name of
Edmund Godchaux before the delegates.
He spoke as follows:
Fortunately, we have to present to you this
evening a gentleman whose record speaks for
Itself, a gentleman who is unpretentious, unos
tentatious, whose record stands before you with
out any ostentation; a gentleman who in his
demeanor is modest and full of courtesy, and
yet one who Is stanch upon principle; a gentle
roan who has conducted ' his office in the past
so that he is a credit to you as a party; he
stands before the community now as a Demo
cratic candidate and as a candidate of the peo
ple of the city and county of San Francisco, a
man that everybody can vote for; and. without
taking any more time, gentlemen, I will nomi
nate as Recorder Kdmund Godchaux.
Matthew Brady seconded the nomina
tion, as did other delegates. Mr. God
chaux was nominated by acclamation and
the secretary was ordered to cast the vote
of the convention \u25a0 for him.
Eustace Cullinan took the platform to
nominate Michael J. Hynes for Public
Administrator. He informed the delegates
at the outset of his speech that Mr.
Hynes was familiarly. Called "Billy" and
was the talented fellow who .sang '~ the
"laughing song" with such success. ' This
enlightened the delegates and they
George E. Gallagher told some plain
truths to the delegates. He did not mince
words, and his voice rang through the
convention hall in protest. He was inter
rupted time and again by the friends of
the County Committee, but he spoke with
out fear. He said:
I can tell you, Mr. Chairman, that I seconded
that amendment in good faith. I have tried to
act my part during this convention as a Demo
crat, always acting in good faith for the wel
fare of the party and for the good of Democrats
at large, if they would let me act as such; but
it seems all the time, from the first evening
this convention convened until the present hour,
they have tried to give us a Elap in our faces.
I was told to-day by an officer of this conven
tion that if this ticket was put up let those
support the blame who made the ticket, let
them shoulder the responsibility, and I answered
them back that I was perfectly willing at any
stage of the game to shoulder the part that be
longs to me. But not to the minority belongs
all the blame, because there are five members
of the majority on the committee that must
shoulder their share, and I demand that they
do it. The time came when the majority said
they had proposals to make to us, and we met
them, not once, but twice. Their nominee for
Mayor wrote a letter to this convention In which
he said he would not take the nomination un
less. h« led a united party; at no time would
he stand for a divided party. He made an
other assertion in that letter that he would not
run unless he had a committee on Supervisors
to propose men tried and true, well known in
the community and willing to follow htm on
his mission of reform. That was good. We
were willing for that. That suited the minori
ty, because we have in that minority a few re
epectabla men. We don't claim they are all re
spectable, because that might hurt the ideas of
the majority. We have been forced Into this
position, and I, in seconding that amendment,
want to stand where the member* of the mi
nority will know where I stand. I am no
friend of Wesley Reed. I know the gentleman
very slightly. But this V will gay, in conclu
sion: We selected three names to-night in good
faith, after due canvass with 'the minority. I
proposed no name. I simply cast my . vote In
the minority for three names we thought were
good enough to Bit on the board, men who are
among the best in this community. .So, in se
lecting the names we thought we would live up
to the standard that you would give. Now, I
will go back. I was going to say that we ap
pointed a committee to wait upon the gentle
man who is going to take the nomination, prob
ably, for Mayor, and he Informed the committee
that he did not know an individual proposed bo
far for Supervisor; he was willing to leave it
to • that committee • of ; seven, among whom we
were \u25a0 not fit to have one representative. Is
that Democratic politics? Is that politics of
the great American people, for the people and
.W tbe people? I say no! I eay it is exclu-
TELLS PLAIN TRUTHS.
If you will permit me a few words us chair
man cf this committee, we have considered
every name presented by majority or minor
ity of any kind and character; that included
every member of this convention and a great
many outside. "We have had numerous meet
ings, and our total endeavor has been to
present to this convention names that will be
agreeable to the members and satisfactory tj
the voters at large. The labor has been great,
and we have endeavored to meet the wishes of
every single member on the floor of this house.
There is not a single name there that has not
been considered with that in view, and with a
desire to please every single member of
this body, and the labor has been complete.
It is handed to you as a whole; it represents
a harmonization of the forces, and I think
the gentleman who has moved that amend
ment will not UDon second thought find it
necessary to make even one change in that
report.
Osgood Putnam, who represented the
majority and as chairman of the com
mittee, was next heard. He was heartily
applauded by the majority at the conclu
sion of his speech. He spoke as follows:
For the information of this convention,
which seems to think that I should not have
offered this amendment. I desire to say that
your committee has accepted two men rec
ommended by the minority of this convention
and have omitted the third recommended by
the minority. I desire to state that overtures
have been made looking to the harmonization
of results in this convention, and as a part
of those overtures, in good faith the minority
of this convention has. after careful deliber
ation, selected these three names and offered
them as their proportional representation to
which they feel themselves entitled — three out
of eighteen on that board; and I therefore
demand, in Justice to this minority, that no
shuffling be done with the names recommend
ed by uhl
lagher, and the fight was on. O'Donnell
tooktthe floor to explain his amendment.
He made the following statement:
The Secretary of the Interior is charged
with unlawful acts to defraud the In
dians, such as that of encouraging white
men who have married squaws to make
claim to Delaware lands.
In this petition the Indiana make some
sensational statements. One of these ac
cusations Is to the effect that members of
the Dawes Commission are Interested in
oil leases and companies holding leases
made upon their lands by Cherokees
claiming title. Mentioning the members or
the committee, the complaint alleges that
"notwithstanding that the lands have
been properly segregated the Dawes Com
mission, disregarding their official duties
as agents of. the United States toward
your petitioner?, have conspired, confed
erated, and are conspiring and confeder
ating, together with the said companies,
to cheat and defraud your petitioners so
as to gain possession of their lands for
themselves or for their eaid companies,
under pretense of allotting said lands in
their official capacity as said Dawes Com
mission, to divers persons who are will
ing to' enter into contracts of lease and
sale with representatives of said trust and *
land companies, in which the members
of - said Dawes Commission " are Inter
ested."
Soon after the decision was rendered
Attorney Walter S. L*-gan filed a peti
tion in the Court cf Claims on behalf of
the DeU.wares against the United States
asking that damages be awarded in the
sum of $1,000,000 because of expenses to
which the Indians have been subjected
because of the necessity of defending title
to their lands.
The Indians claimed that the Secretary
was without authority to approve or dis
approve of the segregation, as it had been
approved by the Indians interested, and
asked that he be enjoined against taking
such action pending the adjudication of
the same question by the Court of Claims.
Soon after the case was filed the court
granted a temporary injunction, but Judza
Anderson to-day dissolved It.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 2S.-Justlce An
derson of the Supreme Court of the Dis
trict of Columbia rendered an opinion to
day in the injunction proceeding of the
Delaware Indians against Secretary
Hitchcock and the Dawes Indian Com
mission, dissolving the temporary injunc
tion heretofore granted. The case In
volved the right of the Secretary .to pass
on the liT.OOO acres of land In the Chero
kee nation segregated for the use of the
Delawares.
Accuse Members of the
Dawes Commission
of Fraud.
CANDIDATES FOR OFFICE WHO WERE NOMINATED FOR PLACES ON THE TICKET BY THE DEMOCRATIC
MUNICIPAL CONVENTION LAST NIGHT AND SOME OF THE DELEGATES WHO TOOK A PROMINENT
X PART IN THE PROCEEDINGS.
Chairman Hickey (continuing) — I submit that
the tenor of the gentleman's remarks is ex
actly the same. A threat Is made to the
majority and a defiance is flung out to them
that they must saddle the blame. What blame,
what blame? Who is this man that we must
raddle the blame upon ourselves if. in the
exercise of our good Judgment, wo refuse to
nominate him for a particular office. Gentle
men. I aay this to you to-nteht: The Demo
cratic party is bigger than any man and the
people of San Francisco are more important
than any party. The life and the future of
fan Francisco are at stake and tMs ticket
03 nominated In thl3 convention will be the
best ever nominated, and if the delesates to
this convention *ln the exercise of their Judg
ment choose to defeat this man. let them as
Democrats stand behind the ticket and not
make these threats. I thank you. (Great ap
plause.)
John J. Cunningham voiced his senti
ments by announcing that although he
was a member of the opposition he want
ed it understood that the unit rule did not
prevail and he would not vote with the
minority. Joseph E. Derham of the For
ty-first District, also of the minority, an
nounced that the delegates cf his district
THBEAT IS MADE.
Hickey thought it was time
for him to take a hand In the debate, and
he handed over hi3 gavel to Walter de
Martini and in a dramatic manner deliv
ered a speech in which he tried to put
it up to Gallagher, but the latter would
not have it. Hickey was fervent in his
remarks and was loudly cheered by the
friends of the McNab crowd. He said:
Mr. Chairman and Gentlemen of the Con
vention: In the name of the Democrats of
San Francisco I resent the last remark made
by the speaker 'who preceded me when he said
that so long as one .name was left off that
ticket let those who leave It off shoulder the
responsibility, and the ticket suffer. "Who is
the man whose name it Is insisted shall go on
this ticket? Is he greater than the whole
Democratic party? (Applause.) On what meat
doth this our Caesar feed that he is grown eo
great? The Democrats of this city (hisses — one
moment, gentlemen, only geese and snakes
hiss.) (Applause.) I come from a district of
Democrats — Democrats first. last and all the
time, the biggest Democratic district In the
State of California. I speak for them when I
say that they resent the remark of this man
who says that if a certain man is not nom
inated for Supervisor thi3 ticket will go down.
It will not go down. (Applause.) I say to you
that this ticket will not go down. This ticket
is bigger than any Supervisor. (Applause and
confusion.) Gentlemen, as chairman of this
convention. I have given every man in it a
fair chance. I have very seldom If ever call
ed a man to order, and I ask your permis
sion to speak for just one moment This
miwis more than the nomination of a Su
pervisor. The issue- made now is this, and it
is made by the speaker who preceded me; the
issue is this: Does thiB whole ticket depend
upon the nomination of this single man for
Supervisor? (No. no; yes. yes. and general
confusion.) Democrats of San Francisco, an
swer this question: Is there one'mn in this
whole convention who will say that there is
one man so great that his nomination or de
feat for SupervHor means more than the
whole ticket? ("No, no.")^I am speaking for
Democrats. I am speaking to men. big men.
I am speaking to the majority and the minority
in this convention. Don't attempt to take one
Supervisor and cram him down the throats of
the Democrats of San Francisco, and Bay to
them. "You must take this man or we will
defeat your whole ticket." You can't mean
that. . You don't mean that* and I know the
gentleman who preceded me doesn't mean
anything of th« kind, and in order that h«
should bo righted before the public I desire
to express my sentiments upon the matter
and yield the floor to him.
Mr Gallagher (interrupting) — With due re
spect to you, who have acted as an unbiased,
fair and unprejudiced chairman. I beg to in
form you that you are misquoting me, not in
tentionally, because I know you are too good
a friend of mine to do It. g I did not say the
ticket would go down. I used no such ex
pression. I simply stated that the three names
were proposed by the minority, that one name
was eliminated from the list intentionally, and
the people who were doing It were insulting
this minority and slapping it In the face, and
they must shoulder that responsibility and ac
cept the blame.
siveness in the extreme. I want to say now.
in conclusion, that no man is better known
from Shasta to San Diego than the man whose
name they have omitted from that ticket, and I
further say that, while his name is off the
ticket, let them shoulder the responsibility '.
SUEEENDEES GAVEL.
Candidates for Office
Are Selected by
Bourbons.
INDIANS MAKE
GRAVE CHARGES
A motion to adjourn was carried. The
delegates will meet In the Alhambra The
ater to-morrow night. As the delegates
moved out of the hall angry words were
heard. The lie was frequently passed,
but no blowa were struck. Members of
the minority openly asserted that the
party was split wide open, and Franklin
K. Lane would not receive the unanimous
vote for Mayor, which he so desires.
When the vote on the original question
—the adaption of the report — was called
for. Delegate Edward J. ' Scully of the
Forty-third moved that the chairman of
the convention cast the vote of the entire
convention for the eighteen. Chairman
Hickey became indignant and said it was
an Insult for a delegate to make such a
motion. George E. Gallagher arose and
said the minority had received a fair roll
call and acknowledged defeat The secre
tary was instructed to cast the ballot of
the convention for the eighteen, and this
was done.
were in favor of the report of the com
mittee. John H. Mullen of the Thirty
sixty, a strong minority man. appealed
for fair play. He' reiterated what had
been said by the previous speakers and
he appealed to the delegates to vote fo:*
the amendment. Mullen was interrupted
time and again, and, despite the opposi
tion to hia remarks, finished his speech.
The amendment was lost by a vote of 231
to 103.
Exciting Scenes
Enacted at
Session.
Charles W. Reed
-Turned Down
by McNab.
DEMOCRATS SELECT A PART OF THEIR TICKET DESPITE PROTESTS
OF THE MINORITY, WHICH VOTES AGAINST LIST OF SUPERVISORS
Delegates Leave
Convention in
a Heat.
Majority Charged
'With Unfair
Tactics.
THE NOMINEES.
For Mayor,
FRANKLIN K. LANE.
For Assessor,
WASHINGTON DODGE
For District Attorney,
LEWIS F. BYINGTON.
For Coroner,
THOS. B. W. LELAND.
For Recorder,
EDMUND GODCHAUX.
For Public Administrator,
MICHAEL J. HYNES.
For Supervisors,
A. COMTE JR.,
H. M. BRANDENSTEIN,
SAMUEL BRAUNKART
J. P. BOOTH,
JOHN CONNOR,
A. A. D'ANCONA,
HENRY PAYOT,
ROBERT J. LOUGHERY
JOHN A. LYNCH,
GEO. B. McCLELLAN,
T. C. FRIEDLANDER,
FRANK J. GRACE,
JOHN BARNETT,
DR. FRED A. GRAZER,
OSCAR HOCKS,
EDWARD ROCK,
CARL WESTERFELD,
EDWARD GLEASON.
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY. SEPTEMBER 29. 1903.
4
HE. PIEECE'S REMEDIES.
OSTREOg L06SC.
"When I can't see danger there is no
danger." That's the logic of the ostrich
which hides its head and exposes its
body to the hunter. There are not a
few people who seem to hare gone to
the ostrich to learn logic The most
dangerous enemies of humanity are the
enemies which can't be Been, the disease
breeding microbes which infect the
blood. It is harder to get the microbe
out of the blood than to keep it ont, but
Pr. Picrcc's Golden Medical Discovery
does both, by pun-
fying the blood
/V7?JK||2||pK and then keeping
Lr<[|v5l§P^i ; " there are
/ff^fjf eruptions on the
r-T m \ skin, boils, pim-
- a \u25a0 pies, sores or other
.-f* h • 9 — — i « - signs of impure
~'Z H- fl ~l~ y& blood, use Doctor
B "i^jl'/tt Medical Discov-
sr^y^fi^p-»*^ge(a «y. which will
>"^rr^*»x£-~HgJF purify the blood
"^- *^"' y and cure the
eruptions which come from it
« My Wood was all out of order, and I had'to go
to thm doctor," writes Mrs. Junes R. Moss, New
London, Stanly Co.. N.C \u25a0 He gsve me medi-
cine •which helped me for a short time. la the
winter of 1895 I got worse then I had ever been.
Mt tonsils were enlarged and mjr neck swollen
all out of shape; toy throat was sore and I could
not cure it. 41 y husband went for the doctor,
' but he rave tne no encouragement. He helped
tne a little, but it did cot last lone. He attended
ire for twelve months, when I heard of a lsdy
whose condition was like isiae, who was taking
your medicine aad was fretting: well. So I se-
cursd some of the medicine and began talcing it.
Jn one week I was able to do ay cooking. When
\u25a0 " began taking the medicine I could sit up only
a few minutes at a time, aad I conld rest or sleep
only a little while at a time. My tbroet was so
t>ore at time* I could sot prea swallow sweet
ra",*-, and tay tonsils were roll of little eating
sores. My left side was swollen out of shape
and I could hardly get my breath. The doctor
* iid I would not get well, but three bottles of
Dr. Picroe'e Golden Medical Discovery, three
buries of his •Pellets.' three bottles of Dr. Sage's
Cstarrh Remedy and the use of sslt water did
* i" ' work aad cured me."
Dr. Fierce'* Pleasant Pellets cure con-
\u25a0ftipatioa aad its consequences,
~\S% ADVERTISEMENTS.
At KFI I FP'S I
Tuesday
In MEN'S FURNISHINGS.
A HOSIERY SPECIAL. j
The new gray effects, in fancy stripes and of excellent quality, fl /^ \ / *\.
This Is an unusual opportunity. Doa't miss it. Keller's special B SV*>%\.
price, per pair - 7". . \u25a0 *\u25a0'-* VT
I IMHFR WF AR w °«t«i Anotherline of worsted ribs in fancy
U|lLH_iiw*i-m%. ribfeed stripes-Uvender acd white, pick and
and drawers, medium heavyweight, all ficisted if f^V""
f . . ... j mforced crotch aad drawers. Shirts seli-
„ fashion jeams, ia blue and q- nft faced Pcr
natural colors. Per garment \pl.UU yl.UU
NECKWEAR J?^** 1 " 1 «Kl French Four-in- F*A*V
|\ILl>l\V!fLH!\. Hands, in the £ew dark and medium shades of ffciJC
grays, browns and olives; splendid silks /
1028-1030 Market" street, 1157-1159 Washington street,
SAN FRANCISCO." OAKLAND. \
\u25a0^\u25a0\u25a0^\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0HBHHMSMBiMwaHHHHaMIMy attitude in this matter has been misun
derstood, if not misrepresented. The Typo
graphical Union has not been condemned in this
diocese, nor have its members been refused the
sacrament. A person came to ray residence
recently, showed me a newspaper containing: an
oath said to have been taken by the members
of the Typographical Union and asked my opin
ion regarding it. I told hlmf In substance, that
the oath in Its natural and obvious sense could
not be lawfully taken by any Catholic. That
was my whole action In the matter. My 'opin
ion regarding the wording of the obligation is
unchanged.
OMAHA, Sept. 28.— Right Rev. Bishop
Scannell of the Omaha diocese of the
Catholic church to-day made a statement
in reply to that of President Lynch of the
Typographical Union, who defended Its
Catholic members who have taken the
obligations of that union. Bishop Scan~
nell said:
Denies That He Has Condemned
the Typographical Union..
BISHOP SCANNELL BEPLIES.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Sept. 28.— To-day's
sessions of the convention of the Inter
national Association of the Structural
Iron and Bridge Workers were taken up
entirely with routine matters. The Parks
crowd helped clear up the small business
of the gathering and no signs of the fight
between the two factions promised yes
terday were visible. President Buchanan
made an appeal for harmony and his talk
had the effect, at least temporarily, of
quieting the troublesome New Yorkers.
"It's the lull before the storm," said one
delegate, after the convention had ad
journed for the day.
The sum total of the day's work was
the granting of a charter to the architec
tural iron workers of Chicago, a strong
labor body, which has perhaps 6000 mem
bers throughout the country, and a deci
sion to send delegates to the convention
of the Building Trades Alliance, to be
held at Indianapolis next month. An Im
portant petition presented by a half
dozen Western locals recommended that
the convention take some action to force
certain Western railroads to pay-standard
wages or let the bridge work to contrac
tors who are fair to organized labor.
Delegates to Iron Workers' Conven
tion on Their Good Behavior.
PEOCESD IN. HARMONY.
Cadets in First Class May Smoke.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 28.— On the rec
ommendation ' of Cantaln AVillard H.
Brownson, commandant of the Navy
Academy, Secretary Moody has author
ized the discontinuance of the rule pro
hibiting smoking so far as It applies to
the members of the first class. In the
opinion of the Secretary the members of
this class are quite old enough to be re
lieved of such a restriction.
Yellowstone Park Guide Is Drowned.
BUTTE, Sept. 28.— A Miner special from
Monida says that Frank Burnett, one of
the best known guides In Yellowstone
Park, was drowned in Henrys Lake last
night, and his companion, .William Shoe
maker, had a narrow escape, being res
cued as he was sinking for the last time.
The two men were engaged in a boat race
when tlje disaster occurred.
Noted Artist Dies Suddenly.
NEW YORK, Sept. 28.-John Dolph, the
artist, who has sometimes been called the
Landseer of America because of his work
as an animal painter, died suddenly here
to-day from heart disease. He was 6S
vcurs of 3KC» "\u25a0>\u25a0 ~/ ' "
BALTIMORE. Sept. 28. — At a consultation
of physicians to-day it was decided that a-n
operation was not necessary in the case of
Archbishop John Joseph Kain of St. Louis,
who is suffering from an attack of appendici
tis.
SAN JUAN. Porto Rico, -Sept. 28.—
Twelve hundred schools in Porto Rico
were opened to-day and 60,000 pupils were
received. Three times that number of
children were enrolled and the struggle
for preference was very great.
persons were professional bandits or ama
teurs, said:
"They are dynamiters, and there are not
many of them in this country."
Porto Rico Schools Are Opened.
NEW ROCHELLE, N. T.. Sept. 23.— A
new play, "Lady Calmore's Flirtations,"
which Miss Kathryn Kidder produced for
the first time on any stage to-night at
the New Rochelle Theater, tells the story
of an international marriage and deals
with the subject in a dramatic and Intelli
gent way. Miss Kidder gave an Impres
sive performance in the part of Lady Cal
more, and the supporting company ap
peared to advantage.
New Play Is Well Received.
The committee of arrangements for the
Centennial informed the union to-night
that the invitation to the marine band
would stand, no matter what action was
taken by the local musicians. The union
at once decided that it could not recede
from the position it had taken and it so
informed the committee. It was decided
by the committee to go ahead with their
plans just as though there was no such
thing as music. The playing by the.
marine band Thursday night will there
fore be the only music of the celebration.
It was not the intention of the commit
tee to use the marine band for anything
but the mass meeting on that one even
ing.
The union declares that its constitution
forbids its members to have anything to
do with an evept in which enlisted men
in the Government service take part. The
union therefore demands that the invita
tion to the marine band be withdrawn or
the union musicians would decline to fur
nish music for the panide, for the ban
quet of the Mayors Wednesday night or
for any other part of the Centennial cele
bration. .
CHICAGO, Sept. 28.— The marchers in
the big Centennial to-morrow night will
be compelled to tramp over the route
without a musical note to cheer them.
The musicians' union to-night positively
refused to take part in the parade or to
have anything whatever to do with the
Centennial celebration if the marine band
of Washington is to play at the mass
meeting at the Auditorium on Thursday
night, which is to be (he final act of tho
celebration.
ST. PAUL, Sept. 2S.— General Manager
Thomas W. Cooper of the Northern Pa
cirtc Railway to-day confirmed the report
of the dynamite outrages against that
road in Montana.
"It is true," said Cooper, "that a de
mand for $50,000 has been made upon the
Northern Pacific Company by parties in
Montana and that we have had more or
less trouble with them for several weeks
past. We do not know who the parties
are, but are using all the efforts-possible
to discover and arrest them. We have
taken sufficient precaution to make our
tracks safe.
"The Northern Pacific has posted a re
ward of $LT)00 for the arrest and conviction
of the dynamiters. The State of Montana
has posted another reward of $5030 and
Polk County, Montana, has offered an
other $500, making a total reward now of
$S0CO."
Cooper, asked if he believed the guilty
Oreg-on Short Line Gets Franchise.
SALT LAKE. Utah, Sept. 28.— The City
Council passed to-night by unanimous
vote the ordinance granting the Oregon
Short Line Railway Company Its fran
chise for a new depot and other proposed
terminal facilities in this city. The im
provements contemplated by the company
Involve an expenditure of nearly a million
VANCOUVER. B. C. Sept. 23.— To se
cure more direct connection between Eu
ropean centers and the Pacific Coast, the
Canadian Pacific Railway Company has
decided to operate four steamers between
Antwerp and West St. John, the com
pany's winter port in New Brunswiek.
The steamers will run fortnightly after
December L
Nsv Steamer Line Arranged.
Authorities of Montana
Are Still Working
in the Dark.
Chicago Musicians Will
Not Play at the Big
• Celebration.
FIND NO TRACE
OF DYNAMITERS
NEW YORK. Sept. '28.— The validity of
the indictments ae-ainst ex-Congressman
Edmund H. Dr!ggs of Brooklyn . and
George P. Miller, New York agent of the
Brandt-Dent Automatic Cashier Com
pany, charging them with participation in
the postal frauds, was upheld in a de
cision handed down to-day by Judge
Thomas In the' United States District
Court in Brooklyn.
Driggs-Miller Indictments Valid.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 28.— According to
the positive statement of Joseph Mesmer,
brother of Mrs. Griffith J. Griffith, the
attorneys of Colonel Griffith have offered
her $35,000 cash in settlement of all prop
erty matters between them.
One condition of the offer is that if, by
the acceptance of this $35,000 tender, the
property contest is amicably settled out
of court, Mrs. Griffith will not appear
against her husband In the criminal pro
ceedings for assault to murder. And it la
further understood that the wife shall not
be hindered in her suit for divorce and
guardianship of the minor son.
Ever since the shooting of Mrs. Griffith
by her husband the public query has
been: "What was the motive?" and In
the twenty-five days of Interval little if
any light has been shed on the problem.
The wounded woman, who is still an in
mate of a hospital, has not attempted to
give to the public any statement as to the
motive.
Mrs. Griffith of Los Angeles Reported
to Have Received Offer for
Settlement.
BUMOR SAYS MONEY
MAY STOP SENSATION
"As I have been practically alone
a"jong them I have been helpless, and
rtklizing Zt£s. they have told me what
they could co to me. They have insisted
that I remove. the telephone lino, my only
irfeans of communication with the outside
worJL .They have threatened to destroy
the ilne i*id have reminded me that they
would then have me at their mercy. To
those of ?hem who will work Jl 23 is paid,
hw they* demand Jl 50 a day and refuse
to for less. The captain of the tribe
is not loyal and he has done what he can
to car-* trouble. His orders are taken as
law and the orders of the Government
apenl are wholly, disregarded. It would
.rot surprise^ me If the trouble ended in
biuodsfcpd, and If that is to be avoided
it win, be necessary to send a sufficient
plumber of Indian police, into the reserva
tion to .compel obedience to our orders,
ani the" soonf* that is done the better',
\u25a0fW~Agent Snell and myself are practicaliy
powexl£ss."
Barnes is visiting Indian Agent Wright
cf the Soboba Indian reservation for the
purpose of ascertaining what can be done
to avoid trouble. The Indians on the Pala
reservation, are those who were removed
from their ancestral homes on the big
"Warner. ranch in San Diego County and
for whom the Government purchased a
»cw reservation and moved them to it.
Th« Indians have not become reconciled
to the v cha.r,ge and there are those among
them who feel that they have been perse
cuted bf the Government. Barnes said:
"I aui eSmpiy staying there at the
mercy cf a hundred or more Indians and
no one need be surprised to hear of my
death at their hands before the present
trouble Is definitely settled. Ever since
their, removal to Pala they have been de
manding of the Government representa
tives •things which are out of all reason
end .which cannotbe granted because the
Government would not permit such things
to be granted. Refusal of their demands
has, so angered the Indians that they have
freCinentlj.; turned upon me and with
clenched fists and angry words threat
ened me and defied my authority.
SAX JACINTO. Sept. 2S.— Norton M.
Barnes, who holds the position of Indian
fanner in the employ of the United States
Government at the Pala Indian reserva
tion, his duty being to instruct the In
dians In agricultural pursuits, expects se
rious trouble on that reservation and has
recommended the use of sufficient force
to compel the Indians to obey orders.
Special Wepatch to The Call.
It was not until to-day that he was
suspected of theft, for be had handled
thousands of dollars and had never been
short a dollar. An examination of the
bank account of the association, however,
showed that It was depleted, and when it
was learned that Reed had drawn out the
money In currency Saturday his employ
ers secured the warrant for his arrest.
On Saturday, Reed cashed three checks
for J300. $2750 and <3T50 respectively. Of
this he used H750 for the weekly payroll,
but the balance. J4350. he drew out of tho
bank in currency and after paying oft
the employes left his office and disap
peared. When he did not return home
Saturday night his wife applied to the po
lice for assistance In the effort to locate
him. but he could not be found.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 23.— J. Weller
Reed, for fourteen years a trusted em
ploye of the Southern California Canning
Company, and sine© its organization
cashier of th« California Fruit Car.nera'
Association establishment in Loa An
geles, one of the largest In the associa
tion. Is a fugitive from justice. A war
rant for his arrest on a charge of felony
embezzlement was sworn out to-day.
Since Saturday noon ho has been
missing and detectives have been unablj
to find any trace of him. The known
amount of his peculations Is $4350 cash,
but whether his accounts are deficient to a
greater extent will not be known until
his books have been experted, and that
is being done.
Reed paid all bills of the concern with
checks which were signed by himself and
H. E. Kennedy, the superintendent.
Kennedy frequently signed a number *t
checks in blank and Reed filled them in
at his pleasure. Recently Kennedy no
ticed a number of stub.-; in the check
book marked void. These. Reed said,
represented spoiled checks, but it has
developed to-day that they were used by
Reed, who had cashed them for various
amounts.
Special Dispatch to* The Call.
REFUSE TO TAKE
PART IN PARADE
' There will be a meeting this evening of
the advisory council of the league. The
council consists of the vice president and
one member of the executive committee
Republican League:
"I desire to be excused from attendance
at the meetings of your committee for
the period of one month from October 1,
1903. Very respectfully, A. RUEF."
The reply of the organization commit
tee published herewith is clear and di
rectly to the' point. The sentiment ex
pressed at leagug headquarters last night
was to the effect that the committee
acted wisely in declining to temporize
with Mr. Ruef. It is erpected that he
will now openly betake himself to tins
camp of Mayor Schmitz and stay there
until Mr. Crocker is elected Mayor. •
Hon. A. P. Williams presided at the
meeting of the organization committee
last evening. Other members attending
were: Thomas D. Riordan, Dr. McNutt,
John C. Lynch, Henry Ach and David
Rich.
the league. Hon. A. P. Williams,
authorizes the correspondence bearing on
the subject to be given to the public.
Ruefs letter requesting leave of ab
sence is brief and as follows:
"San Francisco, Sept. 26, 1M3.
"To the Organization Committee, United
THE organization committee of
the United Republican League
last night requested the resigna
tion of A. Ruef. The president of
Several caucuses have been held at
room 38, Phelan building, by party lead
ers, who number among them several pol
iticians in the city, and it has been de
cided to hold the nominating convention
to-morrow evening at Pioneer Hall. A
caucus of the party leaders will be held
at room 38, Phelan building, this evening.
J. Steppacher and T. D. Riordan ad
dressed the Commissioners In behalf of
tho list as printed by the County Commit
tee. The list embraces 800 names.
* NON-PARTISANS IN FIELD.
The Citizens' Non-Partfsan party has
filed articles of incorporation and will
make a bid for public favor this election
by- putting a ticket in the field. The of
ficers of -the party are: J. W. Sparrow,
president; Fred T. Knoles, first vice pres
ident; Francis L. Cook, second vice presi
dent; Percy Beamish, third vice presi
dent; Emanuel A. .Lorenzo, secretary and
general organizer; Professor Joseph H.
Alfonso, assistant secretary; A. New
mann, treasurer; James A. Stiger, gen
eral attorney; board of directors—Eman
uel A. Lorenzo, Joseph H. Alfonso, Frank
Smith. G. W. F. Cook. W. M. Park. James
A. Stiger, J. W. Sparrow, Fred T. Knoles,
Francis L. Cook, A. Newmann and Percy
Beamish.
erts and Boyle voted against the motion.
Roberts displayed some fueling because,
he said, he had not been consulted. The
charge has been made that Roberts' list
contained names of men who, though Re
publicans, are said to be supporters of
Mayor Schmitz.
UKIAH, Sept. 28.— John Lucas, aged
about 78 years, a resident of Redwood
Valley, was struck by the California
Northwestern passenger train a short dis
tance above Ukiah this afternoon and se
verely injured. Lucas rwas going home
from Ukiah with a two-horse team. In
making the crossing at the Arnold Ford
place, where there is at deep cut both for
the railroad and wagon road, the train
struck the team, crippling one horse and
splintering the wagon. Lucas was thrown
from the. wagon and sustained several
bad lacerations of the scalp and a frac
ture of the skull.
Train Smashes Into Wagon.
The company members say* they are
willing to concede all that is asked re
garding wages and hours, but that they
will not consent to relinquishing jurisdic
tion of their plants.
There shall be no discrimination against
union men and any journeyman who during
the life of this agreement may be given em
ployment to fill anv vacancy or increase the
force shall be a membcf of the International
Typographical Union, provided the union is
able to furnish such Journeyman.
CINCINNATI. Sept. 2S.-The men em
ployed by the Cincinnati branch of the
American Type Founders Company struck
this afternoon. The strikers include
type casters, dressers, mold workers, ma
chinists, brass rule workers, nicking ma
chine operators and inspectors. The men
pay that at noon to-day an agreement
was presented at the foundries through
out the country and that a national strike
was inaugurated because the company re
fused to accede. The proposition in the
agreement that caused the strike read as
follows:
Employes of Cincinnati Branch of
American Company Quit Work.
TYPE CASTERS STRIKE.
The hearing was on a motion by coun
sel for the defendants for the reduction
of the amount of attachment, for an or
der for the substitution of a bond for the
property attached and for an order re
quiring the oral examination of the mem
bers of tho firm of D. E. Lowe & Co. as
to the actual amount of damages sus
tained by the firm in conseuence of the
strike and boycott. The suit of which
to-day's proceedings was a part is
brought In the State Court, seeking 5100,
000 damages, and is independent of an
other suit in which the same parties arc
involved, brought in the United States
courts, in which J219.00Q damages is sought
and also an injunction restraining the de
fendants from continuing the boycott on
the ground that it is a violation of the
Sherman interstate commerce law.
BRIDGEPORT, Conn., Sept. 28.— A tem
porary victory was scored to-day by the
defendants in the suit of D. E. Lowe &
Co., hat makers in Danbury, who are
backed by the American Anti-boycott As
sociation, against the officers of tho
American Federation of Labor, the offi
cers of the United Hatters of North
America and 250 members of the United
Hatters as individuals. After a hearing
before Judge Wheeler of the Superior
Court the amount "bf the attachment was
reduced to J00.000. This was a very sub
stantial reduction, as the real estate cov
ered by attachment is held at an assessed
valuation of $128,000 and the bank ac
counts of the individual defendants ag
gregate $521,000.
the Attachment Against Them.
United Hatters Secure a Reduction of
SCORE TEMPORARY VICTORY.
The Board of Election Commissioners
yesterday adopted the list of officers for
the municipal election as filed by the Re
publican County Committee and the
United Republican League. By this ac
tion the Commissioners virtually rejected
the list of officers favored by Commis
sioner Roberts. Commissioner Voorsang
er moved that the County Committee list
be accepted, and he was supported by
Commissioners Deasy and Everett. Rob-
agement refuses to accede to the request
that only union men be employed.
J. S. Partridge, chairman of the Repub
lican Convention, attended the meeting of
the organization committee last night. To.
day he will announce the committee of
five on vacancies, which the convention
directed him to appoint. The duty of fill
ing the vacancy for Assessor caused by
the resignation of Charles S. Laumeister
will devolve upon this committee. Later
on Chairman Partridge will appoint
eighteen members-at-large of the new
county committee, or governing body tof
the party.
ELECTION OFFICERS.
Thursday evening of this week tfie
candidates on the Republican ticket will
meet for organization at the headquarters
of the United Republican League. 16
Geary street. »
CANDIDATES TO MEET.
The advisory council will consider topics
relating to a vigorous prosecution of the
campaign.
of each Assembly district club, together
with members of the organization com
mittee.
Excellent Career of Fourteen Tears Is
Marred by an Act a Canning
Company Declares Is
Crime.
Fight to the Death Is
Z\ct Improbable.
Demands Are Heard for Supplies
Which Cannot Be Allowed and a
The Discontented Aborigines
Make Threats in South
ern California.
Peculations Are Reported to
Beach Into the Thou
sands.
"Five hundred dollars a month is not
much for a man with my ability," said
Becker_ as he turned away. He left in
the,Ftage from San Quer.tin at 5:50 o'clock.
AtGreenbrae he took the train for San
Francisco.
Ten other convicts left the prison to
day, all but one, however, much later
than Becker. Joseph Goodwin. No. 14,563,
who had been Incarcerated for twenty
years, went out. Goodwin, or familiarly
known abound the prison as "Coffee Jose,"
was convicted of murder in the second
degree in Shasta County in 1SS3. He was
sent to San Quentin for twenty years and
has served the full time.
When approached by a Call representa
tive Becker was polite but uncommuni
cative. He would not state his ultimate
destination, claiming that "Frisco will be
my home for some time to come." He
would neither admit nor deny that he
would accept an offer of $500 per month
from the American Bankers' Association
to refrain from further forgery.
SAX QUEXTIN PRISON, Sept. 28.—
With dignified 'read, smiling and in other
ways showing every indication of happi
ness, Charles Becker, the prince of for
gers, left San Quentin prison to-day, a
free man. He has served seven years.
He stood for a moment as if to breathe
the air of liberty, then turned around,
facing the gate through which he entered
In 1897, and muttered something unintelli
gible. Captain Russell of the prison guard
awakened Becker from his reverie by a
hearty handshake and a "Now. be good,
Charley." Other prison attaches followed
suit. To each one Keeker made some
short reply, thanking them for their good
wishes and advice, as well as thanking
them for the treatment he had received
during his Incarceration.
The prison "unlock" ia at 6 o'clock each
morning, but last night Becker asked to
be let out before the other convicts. His
wish was complied with and at 5 o'clock
his cell door was unfastened. When he
came out he was attired in a gray suit,
patent leather shoes and a blatk soft hat.
When he reached the outside gate it was
a Quarter to 6.
Special Dispatch to The OH.
The next witness was the plaintiff him
self. He told of his doings on the night
of the shooting in the Thurman house.
He' said he was in bed a little after 8
o'clock. The hat which was found in the
Thurman house was shown to Roberts
and he- said he thought it was hisT He
told of a conversation with one Hedges
the morning after the shooting. Hl» tes
timony was at variance with statements
which Roberts swore to immediately after
the shooting, and Judge Magulre of coun
sel for the defendant improved the oppor
tunity to try and embarrass the plaintiff.
Finally the deposition was handed to the
court. How long Roberts will be on the
stand is hard to say. He will probably
occupy the witness box all day to-mor
row.
Mark R. Plaisted, manager of the de
fendant company, was the first witness
sworn for the plaintiff. Plaisted identified
the papers in which the objectionable ar
ticles appeared as Issues of the Democrat
and testified 'as to the paper's circulation.
"\u25a0•\u25a0\u25a0 v \u25a0 \u25a0
MADERA. Sept 28.— The faking of tes
timony, in the case of " Dick Roberts
against the Fresno Democrat Publishing
Company began to-day and Madera is on
tiptoe of expectation. Madera wants to
know who shot Sheriff Thurman and the
people ' are waiting: for the sworn state
ment of the Sheriff himself. Heretofore
he has refrained from discussing: the
mysterious shooting affray in his own
house. ,
Counsel for the plaintiff, in opening: to
day, announced that Thurman would tes
tify, when he is put on the stand, that
Roberts was not the man who fired the
shots which wounded him. However,
many believe that no one but the ex-Sher
liT himself knows what his testimony is
to be.
Testimony Now Being Taken
in the Interesting
Libel Oase.
Convict Who Served Twenty-
Year Term. Also Is
Released.
Mysterious Disappear
ance of Southern Cali
fornia Cashier.
PaFa Eedskins Excite
Feajr in a Goveril
... • ment Official.
Becker Passes Out of
San Quentin After
Seven Years.
Witness in the Roberts
Case May Cause a
Surprise.
EMPLOYERS
CHARGE HIM
WITH THEFT
INDIAN IRE
MAY AROUSE
AN ASSASSIN
NOTED FORGER
LEAVES PRISON
MADERA EXPECTS
SOME REVELATION
RUEF'S RESIGNATION IS REQUESTED
BY THE COMMITTEE ON ORGANIZATION
Meeting of the Advisory Council of the United Republican League
Is Called — Candidates on the Party Ticket Will 'Gather
Thursday Night Next — List of thb Election Officers Is Accepted
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER, 29. 1903.
an official visit and declared to us that you will support a candidate for Mayor against the
Republican candidate, Mr. Henry J. Crocker, and also stated that you would support all other
candidates on the Republican ticket. The organization committee cannot reconcile your position
in this matter with the avowed purposes which led to the formation of the United Republican
League or with the public pledges and promises made by all the members of the committee
prior to the recent primary election.
The organization committee has, therefore, unanimously decided to request~your resignation.
Respectfully, A P. WILLIAMS, President.
J. STEPPACHER, Secretary.
-v SAN FRANCISCO, Sept 26V 1903.
MR. A. RUEF, City — Dear Sir : Since the receipt of your communication requesting leave of
absence from attendance at the meetings of the organization committee you have paid us
BUMFORD FALLS, Me.. Sept. 28.— The
mills of the International Paper Company
did not reopen to-day, as expected, and
the 700 hands remain idle. The mill man-
Demands of Union Hen Not Granted
5
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Ean Francisco, Tuesday. 20 September, 1903.
\u25a0 - \u25a0
: <: ;2 There's a kind of furniture you cannot buy here —
yet there is plenty of it on the market. It's the kind
that is stuck, together in a hurry and rushed out of the
fsctories to be sold by some retailers as "bargains."
I Compare this sort of furniture with the kind that goes
.\u25a0••.;." through our hands and the difference is invariably dis- !
covered sooner or later.
The desk shown here is a good example of our well-
.* . j made furniture. Built of carefully seasoned wood and
richly finished. A neat, refined pattern in two woods
• —oak, golden finish and maple, with birds-eye front.
The draper beneath writing surface is of good size and
has a gracefully swelled front. At fifteen dollars it is
: really an exceptional value.
. • • (Formerly the California Furniture Co.)"
957 to 977 Market Street, San Francisco
[ * ADVERTISEMENTS.
I Come to-day if you possibly can. Our great removal sale, the largest ever held on the Pacific I
I Coast, is drawing to an auspicious close. Each day the store has been crowded with customers who> e;
|l wish to get their money's worth and who appreciate the safety of dealing with a house of unques- tj
I tioncd honesty and integrity, whose record of S3 years in the lead in the music business on the Pacific . f
I Coast rightfully commands the confidence of the public. The ability of Kohler & Chase to offer the i
P best values in the market has maintained the house in the lead during these years, and when Kohler H
g & Chase cut prices the purchaser knows that he is not only receiving exceptional value, but that he is d
B getting a good, honest piano. H
| . • We take a large number of pianos which are neither up to date nor good in exchange: these in- Jj
p struments we sell off at low prices, and give each purchaser the privilege of exchanging them at the ?!
j | full price paid within three years on a Knabe, Fischer. Hobart M. Cable, Kohler & Chase or any other (|
| instrument we handle. No customer buying a low-priced instrument could desire better protection tl
| than this. The purchaser of the cheapest instrument in the house has this privilege. y U
I Our stock is now almost reduced enough, but we have advertised that the removal sale will continue h
I up to the day we. move, and as long as we have the pianos on our floor we will make this statement srooi. t|
\ Our new store on the corner of Kearny and Post streets, diagonally opposite the White House, is almost H
ready, and no more pianos will be unboxed for our retail department at our old store at 30 CFarreH' 1 y
street. All the instruments now arriving will be held for the opening. Remember that Knabe. Fis- H
, cher, Hobart M. Cable and Kohler & Chase pianos are all included in the sale, and besides a ereat h
' many organs! Mason & Hamlin and others, damaged and used Pianolas, Aeolians, small instruments, |!
etc., etc. If you desire an instrument it will p3y you to investigate the sale at once. We invite every ij
intelligent purchaser to compare the values offered with those of any other house. We are amply able h
I to prove every statement contained in our advertisements. Our reputation is too valuable for, us to f]
|1 allow any overdrawn or sensational description of pianos. ; -*:. U
I =TERMS = f
H Every instrument in the house can be purchased on our well-known system of ||
|3 easy payments. The Kohler & Chase plan makes it possible for any one to own a piano n
gj \, merely by making a small payment down and a small payment monthly. [J
H . NOTE. Unscrupulous. dealers have advertised that they can furnish the celebrated Knabe and n
m Fischer pianos. We wish to inform the public that we represent Messrs. Wm. Knabe & Co. and J. &" h
H C. Fischer in this territory and no other house can supply these celebrated goods. AH such statements H
H are made to mislead and deceive the public. H
J KOHLER & CHASE j
1 Now at 30 Q'Farrell Street. Later at Kearny and Post.VAL.LEJO, Sept. 28.— John F. Ward and
Miss Mary Clark will be married to-mor
row in St. Vincent's Church, the Rev.
Father Driscoll officiating., The bride will
be attended by her sister. Miss Hattle
Clark, and Lawrence Ward will be his
brother's best man. A reception will fol
low the ceremony at the home of the
bride's mother, on Florida street, and the
honeymoon will be spent In the southern
part of the State.
Wedding Bells Are to Ring.
If nothing else positive may be said of the charter
of San Francisco it at least has proved a mine of
wealth, to the lawyers. Litigious officeholders, who
do not want to go out, and ambitious citizens, who
want to go into a public snap, Ire warring upon one
another without end. And the charter, delightfully
ambiguous, supports them all, on one side or the
other, with complete assurance.
Fresno Meat Company Incorporates
FRESNO, Sept. 28.— The Fresno • Meat
Company filed articles of incorporation
this morning with an authorized capital
stock of $200,000. The incorporators are
D. C. Sample, T. M. Hayden, Samuel
Evinger, F. J. Burlelgh, F. D. Vanderllp
and G. J. Nees, all of Fresno, and T. B.
Mathews of Selma. The capital subscribed
is $66,000, of which $50,000 Is by Evlnger, a
wholesale butcher of this city. The cor
poration will begin work immediately.
The currency reformers, who are called radicals,
propose to economize the use of credit under such
circumstances by the issue of an asset currency, at
THE exposition by ex-Comptroller Dawes of the
proposition submitted to the business men of
Chicago by Secretary Shaw for securing flexi
bility of the currency is very clear, and the proposi
tion itself is very good as far as it goes.
It is in brief a plan to meet the currency needs of
the country in serious emergency by permitting the
issue of bills, supplemental to the regular issues of
the national banks, which bills shall be heavily taxed,
perhaps as high as 6 per cent. It will be seen that
such issue can only be made when the interest rate
exceeds the tax sufficiently to make the currency
profitable to 'the issuing banks. No doubt in an
incipient panic such a currency may serve a useful
purpose and perhaps would check an approaching
stringency and restore confidence. It would also be
an object lesson in flexible currency that might lead
to a further application of the system.
Mr. Dawes, in his exposition at Pittsburg, takes
occasion to gird at what he calls "the radical element"
amongst currency reformers. By that he means the
men who desire a flexible currency issued to meet an
emergency arising under normal conditions and not
incident to a panic. These . radicals will accept the
Secretary's plan, but. will hardly abandon their own.
It was formulated to relieve districts remote from
the money centers. In such districts the seasonal
demand for currency varies. At seedtime and har
vest, for instance, there is a call for the use of credit
that is caused by the expanded activities of the sea
son. Farmers meet the demand of seedtime by ' a
mortgage on their future crop. Commercial men
meet that of harvest, when the crop has t//be moved
to market, by bank loans at a high rate^jf interest.
In each case it is a more costly use of credit than is
wholesome or necessary.
CURRENCY LEGISLATION.
General Hunter, the British officer who was brave
enough to express an honest opinion that the shoot
ing of the naval guns at Ladysmith was notoriously
bad, refuses either to retract or to apologize, al
though subjected to great governmental pressure to
do both. The blunt soldier has evidently not learned
the lesson that in these days of modern complications
the truth is simply a convenience, as is everything
else. -
Additional rural free delivery service
route No. 5 will be established November
2 at Spokane, Wash.
Army orders: First Lieutenant Reuben
B. Miller, assistant surgeon, now at San
Francisco, is assigned to duty in the De
partment of California; Captain William
F. Creary, paymaster, is to proceed from
this city to Westpoint, Ky.j thence to San
Francisco for duty in that city.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 28.-Postmasters
commissioned— Oregon— William H. Mor
ris. Rex; Peter Ficker. Troy.
Of Interest to People of the Coast.
Next year the Sovereign Lodge of Odd Fellows
is to be our guest. After all it is not strange that
when great bodies of the American people, on vaca
tion bent, want to have a particularly good time they
turn toward San Francisco. Their decision speaks
well for their judgment.
LONDON, Sept. 28.— The failure was an
nounced In the Bankruptcy Court to-day
of Blanche Adelesa, Dowager Countess of
Rosslyn, mother of the present Earl of
Rosslyn, the actor, whose stage name is
James Ersklne. Her liabilities are said
to be considerably more than $25,000.
Dowager Countess of Rosslyn Fails.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 28.— Rear Ad
miral P. H. Cooper, commanding the
northern squadron of the Asiatic fleet, has
advised the Navy Department by cable
of the death yesterday at the Yokohama
hospital of Commander E. M. Hughes.
He was assigned to duty last November
on the Asiatic station in command of the
gunboat Annapolis. He entered the ser
vice in 1S66 and for conspicuous service
was awarded an additional number In
grade.
Rear Admiral Cooper Cables to Wash
ington News of Death of Com
mander E. M. Hughes.
NAVAL OFFICER DIES
AT YOKOHAMA HOSPITAL
MINNEAPOLIS, Minn., Sept. 23.— Rev.
Truman F. Allen, pastor of the Thir
teenth-avenue Methodist Church, was
stricken with apoplexy yesterday just as
he finished what he thought might be his
last sermon to the congregation. In three
hours he was dead. Rev. Mr. Allen was
born in Vermont sixty-three years ago.
Sudden Death of a Clergyman.
Falls Overboard and Is Drowned.
HONOLULU. Sept. 22.— Charles EHesou.
mate of the schooner Robert Lewers, fell
into the harbor from the vessel some
time late on Saturday evening: and was
drowned. The body was recovered to-day.
He was a Maaon and was given a Ma
sonic funeral. . \ -
Townsend's California glace fruits and
candies. 60c a pound, in artistic fire
etched boxes. A nice present for Eaatera
friends. 715 Market St.. above Call bldg. •
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tb»
Pir.ss Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1042. • ;
WASHINGTON, Sept. 2S.-Edwin W.
Trimmer. American Consul at Blueflelds,
was at the State Department to-dav to
confer with the authorities about the re
ported troubles at St. Andrews Island,
off the Nicaraguan coast. It is expecte.l
the cunboat Nashville, which has been
ordered to St. Andrews, will get under
way from Pensacola to-day. .Bluenelds
probably will be one of her ports of call.
Confers With State Department.
HONOLULU, Sept. 22.— An internal rev
enue cutter is to be located in Hawaiian
waters In the near future, according to
a letter received here from Collector
Stackable of Hawaii, who is now on the
mainland. There is a large extent of
coast to be watched here and a cutter
has bppr. asked for ever since annexa
tion. It is stated that one of the vessels
now at San Francisco, probably the Me-
Culloch, will be sent here.
Revenue Cutter for Hawaii.
LINCOLN, Neb., Sept. 2S.— The guard
around the Governor's mansion has been
Increased, as another attempt to steal
one of Governor Mickey's children is
feared. The four smaller children are not
permitted to leave the house unless ac
companied by an older member of the
family. The penitentiary is being
searched, as the plot is supposed to have
been formed there for the purpose of get
ting revenge upon the Governor. The po
lice have a description of the ex-convict
who made the attempt and are searching
for him.
Another Attempt to Steal One of
State Executive's Children
Is Feared.
MANSION OF NEBRASKA'S
GOVERNOR UNDER GUARD
THE death, by an accident, of Mrs. Elizabeth
Shields in Sacramento shocks the whole State.
She was an able woman of affairs, moved al
ways by the highest public spirit, a promoter of the
State's interests, a planter of long experience and a
wise and safe adviser as to all of the rural interests
of our people. For many years she had been a di
rector of the State Board of Trade, and her wisdom
and her work were influential in the exhibits of the
State's resources in the great expositions in this
country and in Europe. As a fruit planter she had
the genius of an international merchant added to the
experience of a producer. She was a student of her
business from the selection of soils to the selection
of a final market, and it is saying even less than is
deserved to say that no one man in California has
impressed our rural industries and our horticulture
more beneficially than she.
In her home she was the soul of hospitality, un
affected in manner and direct in speech; her acts
were dictated by a heart that knew no unkind im
pulse and a head that was wise and thoughtful. Her
death is a sore sorrow to her household and a dis
tinct loss to the commonwealth. She had just re
turned from attending, as a delegate, the Irrigation
Congress at Ogdcn, where she inspected the great
interstate exhibit of fruit, to enrich her own knowl
edge, and to receive conspicuous, honor and recogni
tion from the horticulturists of other States and the
officers of the Agricultural Department. Her instruc
tive presence will long be missed from the gatherings
of the planters and of the organizations which pro
mote the settlement and the intensive farming of our
rural districts. A mother has fallen, to whom in a
high sense the good people of this commonwealth
were the children of her wisdom and care.
A GREAT WOMAN GONE.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 2S.— Action will
be taken by Secretary Moody on the pro
test of Paymaster Harry E. Blscoe against
Admiral Evans' arraignment of the court
of which Biscoe was a member for the
inadequate sentence Imposed upon Assist
ant Paymaster Rishworth Nicholson for
insulting and attacking the German Con
sul at Chefu. The Secretary has all the
papers in the case before him. After ex
amining them his answer to Paymaster
Biscoe probably will be supplemented by
an official Indorsement of Admiral Evans*
review.
Objects to the Court's Arraignment
A new play, one of those that are listed as of the
uncomfortable sort, has been produced in London
and has created a sensation. It is not of the nasty
problem kind, but seeks to point a moral that the
British aristocracy overeats. This play is destined to
failure. People will revolt at the exposure of their
gross vices and smirk smilingly in approval at the
naked presentation of their gilded offenses.
HONOLULU, Sept. 22.— A protest mafl<
by local Catholics against the employ
ment of Professor W. T. Brizham aa
curator of the Bishop Museum has been
answered by the trustees of the museum
with a letter stating that Brigham has
been reprimanded for making slanderous
statements reflecting upon the late Father
Damien, but that the museum does not
desire to lose his services and he will
therefore be retained.
The professor is statert to have mad*
some remarks cravely reflecting on th-i
character of the priest who died at the
leper settlement to a party of tourists
at the museum, among whom were sev
eral Catholics, who reported the matter.
The Catholics here are not satisfied and
Bishop Libert says that the matter will
be laid before the American people in
the form of a statement to be published
in all the Catholic papers and other pa
pers which are willing to publish It.
Severe Enough.
Catholics of Hawaii Believe That
Punishment Inflicted Is Not
TRUSTEES OF MUSEUM
REPRIMAND BRIGHAil
NEW YORK, Sept. 2S-— From San Fran
cisco—L. S. Coggins. C. T. Colon and wife.
Imperial; Mrs. E. B. Copp. New Amstei
dam; P. Dalyliesk, D. B. Hodgsdon, Vic
toria; J. H. Humphreys, Grand Hotel;
Mrs. W. Kohl, Holland House; Wl L. Lee,
Astor House; Dr. C. S. Magulre. Impe
rial; F. S. Moody and wife. Holland; Dr.
F. R. Orella, Manhattan; R. C. Robinson,
Hotel Imperial; J. V. Selby, Hotel Man
hattan; Miss Shea. Mrs. Shea. Continental
Hotel; Mrs. K. E. Sloper, New Amster
dam; S. W. Smith. Astor House; Mrs. T.
T. Williams, Holland; Mrs. M. Wilson,
Rossmore; M. I. Cahn, Imperial; Mrs. H.
L..HH1, Manhattan.
Californians in New York.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 28.— As a result
of recent criticism of the list of charges
made by the Government printing office
for printing and bookbinding done in tfcnl
institution for the various departments of
the Government, Public Printer Palmer
to-day announced -the appointment of a
committee to investigate these charges.
The complaints of the excessive charges
made by the Government were an out
growth of the discussion over the case of
William A. Miller, assistant foreman of
the binSery, against whose retention the
bookbinders' union is waging a fight. In
connection with the complaints against
the schedule of charges, the Public Print
er points out that no protlt ever has b*-en
expected for that kind of work, and that
the Government merely charges cost
prices and then adds 10 per cent to cover
the administrative expense of non-produc
tive labor, such as messengers, doorkeep
ers, watchmen, etc.
Committee Is Appointed to Examine
Into the Management of His
Department.
GOVERNMENT PRINTER
DENIES THE CHARGE
A. D. King, an oil man of Hanford, is at
the Palace.
Dr. Steward and wife of Los Angeles
are at the Palace.
Marion H. Diggs, a merchant of Wood
land, is at the Grand.
Dr. Charles E. Quail and wife of Penn
sylvania are at the Grand.
.i-rank Buck, the well known fruit grow
er of Vacaville, is at the Palace.
Mr. and Mrs. C. F. Hamilton, prominent
residents of Llvermore. are at the Russ.
Mr. and Mrs. Burrows of New Haven
are guests at the Palace. He is a promi
nent insurance man of the East. ,
E. W. Gillett of Los Angeles, general
passenger agent of the San Pedro and
Salt Lake road. Is at the Palace.
E. D. H. Skimming of London, a rep
resentative of a large British firm that is
interested in the lumber trade on this
coast, arrived yesterday and is registered
at the Palace.
" PERSONAL MENTION.
CHICAGO, Sept. 2S.-Henry D. Lloyd, a
well-known writer on economic subjects,
died of pneumonia to-day at his home In
Winnetka. Lloyd was to have joined to
night In the visit to the City Council of del
egates to the Municipal Ownership Con
vention. He was born in New York City
May 1, 1845. From 1869 to 1872 Lloyd was as
sistant secretary of the American Free
Trade League, organized by William Cul
len Bryant, Governor WellB and other
prominent men. He prepared a manual
for voters with the characteristic title,
"Every Man His Own Voter," which was
distributed throughout the country in that
campaign.
Lloyd came to Chicago in 1872 and un
til 18S5 occupied a position as an editorial
writer on the Chicago -Tribune. Since
then he has devoted his time to the pub
lication of articles on labor problems in
the current magazines.
Henry D. Lloyd, a Well. Known Con
tributor to Current Magazines,
Dies in Winnetka.
WRITER ON ECONOMIC
SUBJECTS PASSES AWAY
TUESDAY SEPTEMBER ao, *9°3
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
' Address Ail _Comrn ' ""jcc ' t>o 0» toW.^ S. LEA t^E. _*a n _°flj >^
TELEPHONE.
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator Will Connect
"You the I>epartment You Wish. '
PCBLICATIOX OFFICE. . .«Sj^fcs» and TXird, 9. F.
EDITORIAL. ROOUS 217 to £21 9t%v<S3Orn 9t.
Delivered by Carriers, 20 Cts. ler Week, 75 Cts.
Per Month. • Single Copies 5 Cents.
T>tib» by 31*11. Including Postage (Cash With Order):
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday), one year fS.OO
DAI^T CALL (Including Sunday). 6 months 4.00
DAILT CALX. — By Single Month 73c
EfNDAt CALL,, On* Tear 2.5O
WEEKLY CALU On* Year , l.O1>
f Dally... S8.8O Per Year Extra
FOREIGN POSTAGE \ Sunday.. 4.15 Per Year Extra
I We«kly.. 1.00 Per Year Extra
All poitmu<en «re nothoriied to recelTe
. iDbicrlptloiii.
Sample eoplet will be forwarded wbrn requested.
Mall subscriber! In crderlcr change of addreei should bt
particular to glv« both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS la order
to Insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request-
OAKLAND OFFICE.
1118 Broadway Telephone Slain 1083
BERKELEY OFFICE.
S14S Center Street Telephone North 7T
C. GEORGE: KKOr.XKss, Manager Forelcn Adver
tising, Mnrquette Iiuilrtintc, Chicago.
(Long Distance Telephone "Central 2619.")
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
MORTON E. CRAKE 14OO G Street, If. W.
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN O. SMITH... 30 Tribune Dnlldlnjr
NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CAHLTO5 Herald Square
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano, 31 Union B<juare;
Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-avenue Hotel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House; P. O. New* Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Tremont House; Auditorium Hotel; Palmer House.
BRAXCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery, corner cf Clay, open
until 8;S0 o'clock. 300 Hayes. op«Q until 8:30 o'clock. 833
McAllister, open until 8:30 o'clock. 615 Larkln, open until
8. SO o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261
Market, corner Sixteenth, open until 8 o'clock. 1096 Va
lencia, open until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9
o'clock. NE. corner Church and Duncan etreeta, open
until 9 o'clock. NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky,
open until » o'clock. £200 Flllmore, open until 8 o'clock.
PUBLIC UTILITY BONDS.
THE taxpayers should remember that just ahead
there is a cloud of propositions for the city to
yo into business. The Geary-street road is the
' beginning only, and they should insist on beginning
right. In an Eastern city the water supply passed
irom'privatc to public ownership, the bonds for that
\u25a0 m purpose resting not upon the plant, but upon the
•.whole city. One of the promoters of the change, in
a review of the benefits which have resulted, says:
"The water company charged for all labor and mate
.' rials furnished in tapping the mains and laying the
service pipe to the curb line; under municipal owner
ship ;hc peopije have been relieved of this expense."
. " That is an illustration of the ease with which cost
of administration may be concealed when any part
/of it is charged off to the general fund. Here we
have an apparently intelligent man who really thinks
" that the service pipe and labor furnished by the city
cost nothing, and the people are therefore "relieved
"of the expense" of making service connections. If
the proper course were pursued and the city's water
business were supported by its own income, such
• concealment in the general tax levy and such self-
. deception of the people would be impossible.
To illustrate: If Oakland follow her proposed plan
' of securing municipal water works and carelessly neg
" lject to make the bonds a lien on the plant alone, as
every service connection will have to be changed to
the municipal mains, the cost to the taxpayers, to
those who do not use the water among the rest, will
1 run into many thousands of dollars, for the city will
'\u25a0 pay out cf its general fund for the pipe, the plumb
• ing, the cut-off and the labor, and yet the people
.will be easily made to think that they are relieved of
that e'xpensc !
The same applies to this city, in its proposed fu
ture engagement in the business of selling water, gas
and electricity.
. The law and the charters of the two cities limit
the rate of taxation. By starting wrong and piling
up liens on the cities that shouid rest on the plants
of the business in which they propose to engage, so
. much of the limited rate of taxation may easily be
come involved as to leave less than is required for the
essential purposes of government. Therefore, good
sense and good business and good economics all re
quire that each business plant owned and adminis
tered by the city must pay its own cost and support
its own administration. In this way only can we hope
• for a proper and frugal management of the plants
owned .by the city, and for the freedom of the gen
eral revenue?, to be used for the proper purposes of
government.
If it is going to pay the city to go into business the
business will support itself, of course. If it will not
pay, to make the cost of the experiment a lien on
• the city is to embark upon confiscatory taxation. We
' ?.re quite sure there are enough voters to whom
these business propositions appeal to defeat all pro
posed liens on the city for business plants and com
. pel them to rest on the plants alone.
At a recent session of the Diet at Budapest, where
the enemies of the Austrian throne met to express
their rebellious thoughts, one orator, more extrava
pant than his fellows, attacked the integrity of
Francis Joseph in a bitter assault. He was hooted
from the chamber, roundly denounced and censured.
When men, fighting for liberties, can recognize the
wide difference between a wicked institution and an
innocent representative of it much may be said in
hope of their future and their success.
One of the famous track gamblers of the United
States found himself unable to wager his money on
an Eastern course the other day until he had secured
a gang of bogus hayseeds, bewhiskered, guileless
looking and noticeably and apparently fit game for
bunko men, to act as his betting commissioners. He
won an enormous sum of money and taught the
American people that only fools and the money are
v anted by the bookmakers.
A Chinese "native son" who sought admission at
this port a few days ago declared that he had thrived
and had his being in the well-known but non-existing
American city of "Chop Wood." Perhaps if he had
fallen back upon the more familiar and easily more
significant American expedient, "Saw Wood," he
would not now be on the list of those who will de
part on the next steamer for China.
HONOLULU, Sept. 22.— Judge de Bolt
last week rendered a decision under which
the various foreign insurance companies
are held liable for losses sustained in the
destruction of Chinatown by fire in Jan
uary, 1900. The companies claimed exemp
tion under a clause in their policies pro
viding that they should not be held liable
for any losses caused by an act of the
civil authorities and further claimed that
the blsr fire was due to an order of the
Board of Health under which the Fire
Department proceeded to burn several
buildings. The fire got beyond their con
trol and burned thirty acres of buildings.
In the case of a Chinese claimant
against the Manchester Insurance Com-,
pany evidence was introduced to show
that the late Fire Chief made an error
and started the fire outside the limits he
was ordered to burn, as condemned on ac
count of plague. On this showing, which
affected all the cases, Judge de Bolt in
structed the jury to find for the plaintiff.
DENVER. Sept. 2S.-The Republican
State Convention, to select a candidate
for Justice of the Supreme Court to suc
ceed Presiding Justice John Campbell,
whose term expires, will meet here to
morrow. To-day two conventions of the
Republicans of the city and county of
Denver were held and contesting delega
tions will ask for recognition by the State
convention to-morrow. There Is sad to
be a strong likelihood that neither will be
seated and that Denver will not be repre-
The split in Denver Is not due to adher
ence to opposing candidates, aa there now
seems little doubt that Judge Campbell
will be unanimously chosen to succeed
himself, but to the question whether or
not the party leadership shall rest with
former Senator Edward O. c °".
There were many charges of fraud to tne
primary election Saturday, not less than
seventy-nine of the 204 precincts sending
contesting delegations to the city ana
county convention. Of these, only two
anti-Wolcott delegations were declared
elected by the Central Committee. As a
consequence the anti-Wolcott delegates
declined to attend the convention called
at the Tabor Opera-house, but organized
another convention at Coliseum Hall.
HONOLULU. Sept. 22.— The Republican
county convention has been followed by
the bolting of a number of politicians
from the Republican patty to Join th-
Home Rulers. James H. Boyd, the forme
superintendent of public works, who xva.4
defeated by a large majority for a nomin
ation for Supervisor, has become a Horn-;
Ruler and announces that he will acayt
a nomination from that party. Represen
tative Jonah Kumalee and Charles \\ llcox.
brother of former Delt srate to Congress
"Wilcox. have taken the same course. An
other recent bolter from the party was
C P Iaukea. former chamberlain to Kin,;
Kalakaua. Boyd was removed from ol
fice by Governor Dole at the time of the
scandals of last fall, but was exonerate
on trial for embezzlement. His bro;hnr,
R N Boyd. Is a candidate for Court.
Surveyor on the Republican ticket ar.u
another brother. R. 8. Boyd. is the pres
ent head of the land department.
In two of the county conventions reso
lutions were introduced indorsing Georgo
R Carter as successor to Governor Dolo
In Hllo. Kast Hawaii County, the resol.i
tlon was tabled. In West Hawaii Coumy
it was adopted.
A Democratic ticket for some of the su
pervisorshipa is being put up. with the un
derstanding that the Home Rulers will In
dorse the nominees. Otherwise the Demo
crats will take no part in the comln;;
campaign. The Home Rule ticket is not
yet in the field, but it Is stated that R.
W. "Wllcox, tho former Delegate to Con
gress, will be a candidate for Sheriff of
this island, against A. M. Brown, th.
present High Sheriff of Hie Territory.
The other candidates in Honolulu are IT
E Murray, a clerk in the Public Work'
office, for County Clerk; Isaac Sherwood.
a Hawaiian, employed in the Territonr!
Auditors office, for County Auditor; Vv . T
Rawlins. for County Attorney; J. O
Pratt Territorial Assessor, for County
Assessor; S. E. Damon, of Bishop & Co.':-.
bank, for Treasurer; R. N. Boyd. part
native for Surveyor. For Supervisors a:
large the convention chose G. F. Renton.
Manager of Ewa plantation; Mark P
Robinson of the lumber firm of Allen <t
Robinson, and John Lucas, contractor.
In the Fourth district the Supervisors
named are J. A. Gilman and A. Hocking
and in the Fifth Frank Pahia and S. C.
Dwight, both part Hawilians.
In the outside districts the tickets ir
mixed Hawaiian and white. The princi
pal contest outside of Honolulu was in
Hilo. where Territorial Sheriff L. A. -An
drews won a nomination for County Sher
iff, after a bitter contest which caused a
personal encounter on the floor of the
convention.
Here, then, was a case in which the employer
sought to do justice to union labor by maintaining its
equality of right, and hastened to make its purpose
known, that its union employes might be assured
of their safety and the security of their rights. This,
however, was not sufficient for those who dominate
the policy and action of the union, and they refused
to meet the company in the same spirit. Since the
resulting strike was on the property of the company
has been damaged, the telegraph wires have been cut,
its trains and their passengers have thereby been
endangered, and the third party, the public, has been
in many ways put to inconvenience and in some ways
to loss.
The employer has kept within his lawful rights and
has gone further, to show a spirit of justice and con
ciliation. In response to this position the striking
employes have relied on their power to coerce the
employer by secret and private injury, unlawful and
felonious. The third party, the public, cannot be
indifferent to this state of things. It must see that
to yield to an organization which resorts to lawless
acts to enforce its demand for discrimination in its
favor is not only to admit that the law is powerless
to protect personal and property rights, but that
those rights are held subject to the permission of
men who put themselves and their purposes above
the law. To surrender to such a policy is to abdicate
government and put the power to repeal the law in
the hands of men who operate by felony.
To cut railroad wires means., the wrecking of
trains, and that is a capital crime under the laws of
California, punishable by death. If such a felony
go not only unpunished, but be made the means of
compelling an employer to take into his employ
those who are willing to commit it, and have com
mitted it, then all protection of the law is obsoleted.
Every employer who surrenders under such circum
stances does so not for himself alone, but for every
other employer, and soon every employer becomes
the victim of force and subject to a demand that he
discharge or hire at the will of others, under penalty
of death to himself or destruction of his property.
It is well that the full meaning of this situation be
understood. This is of no less importance to the
labor of the country than to those who employ it.
The general manager of the road which is now suf
fering from such conduct of its strikers has stated
the case clearly in a circular to its ex-employes in
these terms: "We ask no ironbound contract from
our employes and do not consider it necessary to
give one. If our relations cannot be maintained by
mutual confidence they cannot be maintained at all."
The counter statement to this, made in the acts of
the strikers, is: "We base our relations on our
power to injure your property, wreck your trains and
kill your passengers."
The employe concerned, having failed to take his
appeal to the officers, who, under the known rule,
would have at once righted him and given him the
coveted promotion, but having instead attempted to
accomplish his purpose by a threat, to which, in ac
cordance with its announced policy, the company
could not submit, and remaining in that attitude, was
discharged. The strike followed, and was met by the
road by filling Sts quota of employe*' in the vacancies
voluntarily made by the strikers.
.carried it to the union, which responded with de
mands in his behalf. The president of the road, upon
the matter coming to his attention, restated the
known policy of the company, to the effect that it
forbade discrimination between union and non-union
labor. The officer who had discriminated against the
union laborer by withdrawing the recommendation
upon which his promotion depended was censured
and ordered to hereafter strictly observe the rule of
the company, which enforces equality of right and
forbids any discrimination against union labor.
THE strike on the California Northwestern
Railway has been accompanied by so many acts
of violence, not only destructive of the com
pany's property but dangerous to the traveling public
who use the line, that the officers of the company
are entitled to have their position in the affair un
derstood, to the end that blame for lawlessness may
rest where it belongs.
. An employe of the company had been recom
mended for promotion by the officer under whom he
was working. That officer, however, upon discover
ing Jhat he belonged to a union, withdrew his rec
ommendation. The aggrieved employe, instead of
making the regular appeal to the officers of the road,
INSURANCE MEN
HELD FOR ACT
OF FIRE CHIEF
DENVER CITY
REPUBLICANS
AT VARIANCE
THE CALIFORNIA NORTHWEST
ERN STRIKE.
the moment of its issue free from tax, but later, after
it has completed its function, subjected to such tax
as will call it in to the banks which emit it. By this
plan business men everywhere will be able to use
their credit cheaply and the tax on the issue will not
be added to the interest they pay, as in the case of
Secretary Shaw's panic currency.
It will be seen that there are wide differences be
tween the two propositions. The first. is a plan to
enlarge bank credits at a rate of interest that cannot
be less than the tax on the currency, which is to be
used when financiers are in desperate straits and are
willing to save themselves by paying a high price for
currency. The second plan is intended to flow with
the normal business conditions of the country, reliev
ing business men remote from the money centers by
giving them currency at a living rate. In other
words it is a plan for the more even and equitable
distribution of the loan fund of the country. Under
present conditions that distribution is so faulty that
when business men in the money centers use their
credit for 2 or 3 per cent those at a distance from
such centers pay 8 and often 10 per cent. While it
may not be possible to absolutely equalize interest in
all parts of the country, equality may be more nearly
approximated by a well secured asset currency.
There are other considerations, political in their
nature, entering into the problem, which are left out
entirely by the plan of Secretary Shaw. It is not
wholesome to have our system of finance and credit
always in focus as part of the pleadings of partisan
ship. In that respect the country was on the edge of
a great peril in 1896. When the causes of that dan
ger are calmly analyzed it will be found that the
attack on the national credit got sympathy and sup
port because the people remote from financial centers
were made to believe that their difficulties were
caused by lack of quantity in money, when the real
cause was a lack of distribution. They believed that
the whole country was suffering from a currency
famine, when the real difficulty was a lack of mo
bility.
It is well to look ahead and by prudent measures
make it impossible to again betray any considerable
number of the people into a like error. No one
pretends that any revenue or currency system can
be a positive insurance against panics. They are part
of the system of action and reaction from which it is
impossible that the business world shall detach it
self. But the vigor of a panic will be materially im
paired by statutory provision for a better distribu
tion of the loan fund and a more economical use of
credit.
BOLTERS JOIN
RANKS OF THE
HOME RULERS
THE SAN FBANCI8CO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 29, 1HO3.
The first sale of land, a great part' of the domain of
the Duke of Leinster, has been made under the Irish
land act. This certainly should mark the beginning
of an era which in Irish history should be the best;
one that will signal for many generations a reign
of good feeling, good will and happiness for a race
that has suffered much.
\u25a0 Our local footpad irfdustry, thriving, unmolested,
progressive and now almost in the category of one of
the gentle arts of peace, has assumed a new phase.
Times appear to be dull or victims are chary, as the
knights of the streets and byways have taken to rob
bing small boys. We are thus saved from the accusa
tion that we have nothing new to offer in this unique
element of city life.
A girls' suicide club has been irrthriving existence
in Idaho, and already some of the members have ac
cepted the fate which they deserved. Such clubs as
these are not altogether a menace to civilization or
a shock to modern ideas of right and wrong. They
remove from life, without unnecessary turmoil or in
jury to others, £ perverted beings who otherwise
would work serious mischief upon their friends.
6
The Gadden Girl.
Have you seen the Gadden Girl? Do you know anything: about her?
If you are a woman don't sav that you never heard of her. for iust at
the present time she is one of the most original creators of fashions in
Uncle Sam's realm. She is the originator of the iridescent pearl for hair
ornaments and she wears them in quantity that is nothinsr short of amaz-
ing. And what think vou of the musical jewels? That is another of the
Gadden Girl's fads. Tewels set to dulcet harmonies— a fad in itself suf-
ficient to make a belle of any girl even less remarkable than the Gadden
Girl. While as for color schemesin dress— However, pictures tell more
than words ever can. in the descriptions of feminine raiment at anv rate,
therefore the front page of the next Sunday Call will be more eloquent
than reams on reams of writinc to the women readers. If vou want to
see novelty in coiffure, novelty in jewelry, you won't miss the Gadden
Girl.
Nor will you miss "The Woman of the World." by Colonel Kate,
which is an article conceived and written by this clever writer in this
clever writer's very best style. Moreover, it contains thincs that everv
woman and not a few men want to know. Of course you are still won-
dering whether Colonel Kate is a man or a woman? That is a tanta-
lizing mystery that adds immeasurably to the charm of these exclusive
articles.
And while on the subiect of bright, snappy articles that vou will be
sure to read in the next Sundav Call the "Me-ows of a Kittv" should not
be omitted. These spicv savines are being quoted everywhere and of
course you've seen the cats Everybody, by the way. is talkine about
those cats .and next Sundav s Call contains a perfect love of a kitty
But better than all else for those who want to read the literature that
is most popular to-dav and which will go far toward making up the clas-
sics of the future, there is no limit to the good things
First there js a short storv masterpiece by Jack London, the most
famous writer ofthe lure of the Arctic in the whole world. It is "Where
the Trail Forks, and it is thrilling from the very first to the verv last
word.
«£u N^-* \h. e ™ l l L he fa ? c;n . at;n *,, tw T °-PaBe story by Frank H. Soearmah.
The Nieht Watchman s Storv. If you have read any of this exclusive
series of Spearman s railroad stories you certainly won't miss this In
point of fact when you see the pictures that illustrate it you won't be able
to resist readme it anvwav. - * :•>« \u25a0•\u25a0-\u25a0•.•
Then there are two full oaees of "Half-hour Storiettes." the latest
craze in literature In other words that means eight more of the be ? t
short stories that are beine written to-day. These alone would cost you
anywhere else more than the price of the entire Sunday Call
which has brought E. W. Townsend to the fore as no?hinS before had
And then there are the "Recollections and Reflections" of the Bonanza
Cinps who put * eirdle of eod around the world, written bv Thomas
k J>1* S€T l cs alone would cost you 5i-5O anvwhere else.
a rii> t? e are ~ but wnv enumerate everything in the next Sun-
day Call? If you want the very best that is in the literary and
magazine ; way you wont need more than the above brief outline. And
you won t miss the Gadden Girl in any event. •
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
SOFTNESS OF SEALSKIN
Is Rivaled by Human Hair Where
Dandruff Is Eradicated.
Sealskin is admired the world over for
its softness and glossiness; and yet the
human hair Is equally aa soft and glossy
when healthy, and the radical cause of all
hair trouble Is dandruff, which la caused
by a pestiferous parasite that saps the
vitality of the hair at its root. Newbro's
Herpicide Is the only preparation that Is
fatal to the dandruff germ. AVlthout dan-
druff there Is no falling hair, but a luxu.
riant growth of glossy, soft hair is cer-
tain. Scouring the scalp won't cure dan-
druff. Kill the dandruff germ. Thousands
of women owe their beautiful suits of hair
to Newbro's Herpicide. Sold by leading
druggists. Send 10c In stamps for sample
to The Herpicide : Co.. Detroit, Mich.A good dinner, properly cooked, * lends
much to the full enjoyment of life.
Food cooked, on a gas range Is delicious
and wholesome. Buy one from "the S.' F.
Gas and Electric Co. •
Mayor Schmitz yesterday received from
Henry Dalemagne, Consul General for
France, a book containing the names of
the various French officers ajid soldiers
who took part in the War of the Revolu
tion. The book will be placed in the
Public Library.
French Soldiers in Bevolution.
Valuable Estates Appraised.
The estate of the late Mary J. Gerberd
ing was appraised yesterday at $17,692 77.
It consists of $2027 77 cash, realty worth
$14,000 and personal property valued at
$1655 50.
Appraisers yesterday estimated the es
tate of the late Alexander Boyd to be
worth $1,149,723 64. It consists principally
of realty in the wholesale district and
$2265 24 in cash.
Club Elects Officers.
The Clarion Club at Its last meeting
elected as officers Harold L. Winter,
president; Herbert L. Wildenradt, secre
tary; Albert Domenlconi, vice president,
and Joseph Bertrand, treasurer.
At a meeting of the directors of the
Manufacturers 1 and Producers' Associa
tion held yesterday resolutions were
adopted thanking Dr. H. W. Wiley, chief
of the United States Bureau of Chemis
try, for his activity In the fight against
the importation of adulterated food pro
ducts from foreign countries. G. P. Wet
more & Co., C. L. Hogue Optical Com
pany. Los Angeles Soap Company, Na
tional Ice Company, Joshua "Hendy Ma
chine Works Pacific Steel and Wiro Com
pany. Haslet Warehouse Company and
Corliss Gas Engine Company were elected
to membership* In the association.
Manufacturers Hold Meeting.
Admiral Glass has transferred his flag
from the New York to the Boston. He
will transfer his flag to the Marblehead
again next week, on which he will remain
until the repairs to the New York are
completed.
Second Lieutenant Townshend Whelan.
Fifteenth Infantry, who recently won
medals and other prizes In marksman
ship contests in Chicago and at Seagirt,
reported back to General MacArthur yes
terday.
Naval and Military News.
Registration Is Heavy.
Registrar Walsh has issued the follow
ing c^pnparative list, showing the regis
tration in this 1 city and county for the last
four years: 1900, 73.633; 1901. 77.894; 1902,
70,764; 1903, 79,783. The registration this
year is 9000 heavier than the last year.
Barris Case Dismissed.
The case of Frank T. Barris, grocer, 446
Clementina street, who was arrested in
the Hall of Justice last week by Police
man Kruegcr on a charge of disturbing
the peace, was dismissed by Police Judge
Cabaniss yesterday. The Judge censured
Krueger and said there was absolutely
no ground for the arrest except spite.
Barris probably will take the matter be
fore the Police Commissioners.
Bankrupt Railroad .Han.
Leslie D. Norton, a car Inspector re
siding In Salinas, filed a petition in bank
ruptcy yesterday in the United . States
District Court He owes $459 and has no
assets.
Custom-House Appointment.
Wade E. Hightower was appointed yes
terday as steographer and clerk No. 1
In the Custom-house at $1000 per annum.
A petition for the distribution of the
estate of the late John W. Mackay was
filed yesterday by Clarence H. Mackay.
executor of the late millionaire/s will.
The petition is for the distribution of
realty worth $173,400, to Mrs. J. W.
Mackay and the petitioner, sh'are and
share alike. The petition recites that the
realty involved is all of the estate of the
millionaire that waa not disposed of prior
to his death.
Wants Estate Distributed.
Miss Coolbrith delivered a poem spe
cially written by herself on "Telegraph
Hill" beginning with the words: "Scarred
with the jagged wounds from ruthless
hands." Father Caraher spoke strongly
for the preservation and beautifying of
the hill and Mrs. Fassett delivered a most
interesting and picturesquely worded ad
dress on hills of foreign lands. • \u25a0
The monthly open meeting of the Cali
fornia Outdoor League was held yester
day afternoon at the rooms of the Sorosis
Club. The topic debated was the saving
of Telegraph Hill, in which the president
of the league. Mrs. Lovell White, the Rev.
Father Carahor, Mrs. H. H. Fassett and
Miss Ina Coolbrith took part.
California Outdoor Art League
Hears Views of Prominent
People on Subject.
SAVING OF TELEGRAPH
HILL IS DISCUSSED
Tenant Breaks Windows.
Mrs. Catherine McGuire, 25S Minna
street, secured a warrant from Police
Judge Mogan yesterday for the arrest of
Harry Neustedt. her tenant, at 260 Minna,
street, on a charge of malicious mischief.
She said that Neustedt, who is a sporting
man, owes her several months' rent, and
on Sunday night, because she asked him
for the money, he broke thirteen panes of
glass.
It is claimed in these complaints that
the Cushing-Wetmore Company has dam
aged the city to the ex/.t.nt of $15,000 by
taking from Lombard "street. ' between
Montgomery and Kearny. sufficient earth
to bring if below the official grade, and
that Gray Bros, have damaged the city
$50,000 by maintaining quarrying plants on
Douglass street and on Twenty-sixth
street.
Injunction and damage proceedings
against Gray Bros, and the Cushing-
Wetmore Company were commenced yes
terday by the city. Thes>i suits were filed
one against the Cushing-Wetmore Com
pany for $15,000 damages and an injunc
tion and the other two lor $25,000 dam
ages each and an injunction against Grav
Bros. _
Would Enjoin Quarrymen.
S. H. Nelson, an ex-soldier, who was
arrested on Saturday night on a charge
of disturbing the peace., on complaint of
Mrs. Ada Worm. 2521 McAllister street,
was ordered into custody by Police Judge
Mogan yesterday for contempt of court.
Nelson was under the Influence of liquor
and conducted himself, as the Judge re
marked, as if he were In a barroom in
stead of a court of justice.
Appears Drunk in Court.
When seen last night at the Palace. Mr.
Gage admitted that a project to t'uild
the smelter was under way and that lio
and the Mitchells had been looking over
the site near Antioch. Regarding ine
Tlans of the, enterprise he said that If the
pmelter is built it will be a big one with
ample facilities for meeting competition
with all other smelters on the coast.
The Cambrose syndicate and Stillman
products will be taken aboard the Pacific
Mail steamers at Topolobampo or Fort
Stillman, as it is now called. For several
days Gage and his principals have been
in conference with agent:-? of both the Pa
cific Mail and the Kosmos Steamship lines,
with the result, so It is reported, that a
satisfactory arrangement for bringing oi'
the copper product north to this port was
finally made with the American line.
Although the Mitchells declined yester
day to discuss their plans or even admit
that they really intend to build a smelter
in California, it was learned from a re
liable source that they have already con
tracted for the handling of the copper
product of their famous La DIcha mine
in thw? State of Guerrero, Mexico, which
can be brought to this port by way of
Acapulco, and that they have also entered
into an understanding with the Cambro.se
Syndicate of London, which owns several
valuable copper" properties in the state of
Sinaloa. Mexico, and with the Stillmr;n
Company, whose mines adjoin the com \u25a0
pany's proposed new railroad in Lower
California, to bring the ore to this city.
The Mitchells, Robert, George and
Harry, three of the seven brothers lhat
control large copper properties and
smelters in the Southwest and Mexico,
are planning to construct a big smelter
cn the bay shore, north of San Francisco,
and making this port a receiving point
for the valuable outp-lt of some of I he
Lit," copper producers of Mexico.
Tlv; tlirofc brothers mentioned have been
in San Fiancisco for several days. Stay
ing at the Palacf Hotel, where their fx e- 
qucnt iry&terious consultations with vari
oui rt'tTlt. among the latter their busi
ness agent, W. S. Gage of Xew York,
have excited much curiosity among looal
mining mtn as to the real purpose of.
their visit here, which became known yes
terday.
Gage has been In the city for the bet
ter part of a month making frequent
trips to Los Angeles to consult with the
Mitchells regarding the progress of a local
deal. It was learned yesterday that Gapo
had been negotiating for the Mitchells
for the purchase < utright or for a long
lease of the Bay Point smelter, which
was built by the defunct Copper King
Mining Company, in which Frank Gard
ner and Sir Christopher Furness of Lon
don were the principal stockholders, al
though the Bay Point fmelter would
have answered the purporos of the Milch
flls they wero compelled to abandon
their negotiations, owing to the fact thit
the property is so deeply involved in liti
gation that it purchase v. ould not be an
inviting proposition. Having failed in this
plan the Mitchells returned to their
original intention of building a smelter cf
their own and to this end Gage began
looking for a suitable site, which he
finally secured, on an option, near An
tioch
Health Officer O'Brien reported that a
building now being constructed in the
rear of 8 and 10 Ross alley, in Chinatown,
was in violation of law. The walls ex
ceed the regulation height by four feet,
the light wells are one-quarter the regu
lation size and the porches are twenty
tlve feet wide In place of twelve.
The Fire Wardens also reported that
a new buildinsr on Pine street, west of
Polk, has no direct hallways leading to
the fire escapes, and that F. H. Meyer
of Meyer & O'Brien, architects, is the
owner of the building.
The Board of Works instructed their
architect to examine the buildings corn
plained of and to stop all work on thorn
until the law had been compl>d witn in
each instance.
Chief of Police \Vlttman notified the
board that on Saturday last a young
woman escaped serious injury owing to
a hammer falling from the building " In
course of erection at the northwest cor
ner of Third and Mission streets, no scaf
folding having been erected to protect
pedestrians passing on the temporary
sidewalk.
Complaints as to the violation of build
ing permits were filed yesterday with the
Board of Public "Works in the following
cases:
Officials With Board of
Public Works.
Complaints Are Filed by the , City
BUILDINGS ARE ERECTED
CONTRARY TO PERMITS
WV s*>nd this letter to you in order to learn
whether it will be agreeable to you to co
oporate with us in this pndeavor to mfiko a
strong representation of your industry by con
tributing ?50 and about fifty chsps of wine.
The wine will remain your property and such
as is not used for samplinR will be disposed of
to your credit, or will be subject to your or
dtr at tho close of the. exposition.- We are
;i.-kiiiK this contribution Independent' of any
v, ine which you may supply for your county
exhibit. Any firm that desires to send a repre
sentative to frfoclally exploit its particular
wine and take orders for the same will be
V«rmitto<1 to do *o. At the same time the
commieFlonors villl provide a first-class wine
man to have charge of the general exhibit and
to talk up the wine Industry of California.
Secretary Willis of the California Com
mission to the St. Louis Exposition has
addressed ail county committees and col
lectors in the State who are getting exhib
its for the St. Louis show, and has in
structed them regarding the exhibits that
are needed. The preparation of processed
fruit, so he Instructs, should be followed
up by collection of all autumn products
that are available, among them corn In
the ear and on the stalk, Hubbard squash,
field squash, late vegetables, large
growths of alfalfa, flax in the bundle,
hemp or ramie on the stalk,' threshed
grain, beans and seeds, broom corn, Egyp
tian corn, pampas plumes. Kaffir corn,
bamboo and everything else in this line
that is available. Mr. "Willis says that
there is no doubt that the display of pro
cessed fruits already prepared in the sev
eral counties and by the Commissioners
will "be great, but po far the counties have
given little attention to securing- exhibits
mentioned in his letter.
Secretary Willis has already addressed
a letter to the wine men of the State. In
which he says that only fifteen wine
makers have promised to date to partici
pate in the special wine exhibit to be
made. At least thirty wineries ought to
be represented to fill up the space that
has boon granted for the making of a
special exhibit. Concerning the condition
under which wines will be received the
following facts are supplied:
NEED AUTUMN PRODUCTS
AND EXHIBITS OF WINE
Secretary Willis Addresses Pro
ducers Relative to Making
Display at St. Louis.
Mitchell Brothers Plan
ning an Enterprise
Near City.
The car driver did not manage his
horses properly and the animals became
frightened and dracsed the car over a
steep embankment. Mrs. Doolin was se
riously injured and brousht suit for dam
ages, which she now secures after sev
eral trials.
The court also decided that the will of
James Donovan should stand. The testa
tor was a lawyer and at one time a State
Senator. He married twice and at his
death left his property to his wife, except
$8, which he distributed equally among
his six children. The latter contested the
will, charging their stepmother with fraud
and undue influence.
The lower court decided against Mrs.
Donovan and she demanded a new trial,
which was refused. She appealed and the
Supreme Court granted her prayer for a
rehearing.
Michael Joseph and Mary J.ine Doolin
will eet about $5000 from the successors
of the Omnibus Cable Company, accord
ing to a decision rendered by the Supreme
Court yesterday. Mrs. Doolin was rid
ing in one 1 of the' horse cars belonging
to the defendant corporation nearly
twelve years ago t when a wagon sud
denly blockaded the track.
Supreme Court Sustains Claims of
Michael and Mary Doolin,
and Mrs. J. Donovan.
FIERCELY CONTESTED
LEGAX BATTLES ENDED
MAY CONSTRUCT
A BIG SMELTER
The ordinance designed to prohibit tho
operation of compressed air cleaning ma
chines on public streets was referred to
the Health Committee. Cleveland Dam
spoke in support of the ordinance and
Julius Kahn opposed It. Comte said the
ordinance was unconstitutional, as It dis
criminated against certain machines, but
he withdrew his motion to postpone the
bill Indefinitely after Loughery's motion
to refer to the committee.
Braunhart explained that the intent of
the resolution was to ascertain If the
city had power to return the special taxes
to those who had not filed protests. Bran
denstein declared that under the State
law those who did not protest could not
get their money back.
Ordinances were passed to print order
ing grades to be changed at certain points
on Mangels and Joost avenues, Acadla,
Baden, Congo, Detroit, Jones and Fran
cisco streets.
The special levy made by the board In the
year 1002 for taxes to be used in the acquisi
tion and construction of new school buildings
and City and County Hospital has been ad
judged invalid by the Superior Court and a
judgment has been recovered against the city
by John R. Whitney for the amount of such
taxes paid by him under' protest and for tha
amount of his costs; and numerous suits are
now pending against the city by other tax
payers to recover said taxes and their coats;
also that a proposition to issue bonds for the
purpose of raising money with which to ac
quire and construct said school buildings and
licf-piuU Is about to be submitted to the voters
of this city and county, and if tho same shall
be approved by them, the moneys raised by
ths special levy aforesaid will not be needed
for f-aid purpose, and so it will not be nec
essary frr the city to Incur any further ex
penae in prosecuting an appeal from the afore
said judgment, or in defending the suits afore
snlil. or to Incur any further liability for
tho costs of the plaintiffs in said suits.
The Board of Supervisors yesterday re
ferred to the Judiciary Committee a reso
lution requesting the City and County At
torney to render to it an opinion as to the
right of the city to refund the taxes col
lected under the special levy of 1902 for
schoolhouses and a hospital In case the
proposed issue of bonds shall be approved
by the voters, and as to the proceedings
or steps to be taken by the board for the
purpose of authorizing and directing such
refunding. The resolution recites as fol
lows:
The appeal of G. D. Clark, assignee of
Fred Letfler, the contractor for the build
ing of a sewer in Richland avenue from
South avenue to Holly ptreet, from the
assessment made by the Board of Works
for the work on the ground that it was
too low, was referred to the City Attor
ney.
Two resolutions approved in 1889 and
1S94, granting permission to John Kelso to
explode blasts on lots situated on Lom
bard and Montgomery streets and Green
wich and Sansome streets, were repealed
by the board.
Demands aggregating J5O6 SO were or
dered paid out of the urgent necessity
fund.
Three ordinances were passed to. print
declaring for assessment purposes the
length of the main track of the Central
Pacific Railway Company In this city and
county to be 2.46 miles and the \u25a0 assessed
valuation thereof $49,414; of the Pullman
Company 7.36 miles, assessed value $1156;
of the Southern Pacific Railway Com
pany 7.36 miles, assessed value $110,400.
A resolution was adopted approving the
plan of the Santa Fe Railway Company,
showing the location of the proposed
bridge across the Channel street water
way from Third street to Kentucky.
The Mayor was authorized to sell at
public auction three horses that have bee n
condemned by the Fire Department.
The California Street Railroad Company
was requested to pay the sum of $4114 20
into the treasury, being 2 per cent of the
gross receipts for one year.
<
The ordinances fixing the tax levy for
State and city purposes for the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1904, at $1,405 on
every |100 assessed valuation were finally
passed by the Board of Supervisors yes
terday. The rate includes '56.1 cents for
State and 84.4 cents for city .purposes and
is based on a total assessed valuation of
$540,000,000, including the increase of 30 per
cent by the State Board of Equalization.
The ordinance declaring for assessment
purposes the length of the main track of
the United Railroads as 130.674 miles and
the valuation at $138,075 55 per mfle or
a total of $18,042,S85 as fixed by the State
Board of Equalization was referred to the
City Attorney, pending litigation on ap
peal from the Supreme Court decision
that the corooration shall be assessed by
the State, because it operates in two
counties. Assessor Dodge has placed a
much higher valuation on the company's
property.
The petition of the Pacific Humane So
ciety that the secretary of the organiza
tion be appointed Poundkeeper was re
ferred to the Finance Committee.
Supervisor Connor explained that
franchise was practically the same* as
that asked for by the Bay Shore Railway
Company, which was denied last year.
Connor said that he had never been as
sured by the signers of the petition that
complete information regarding the rail
way company would be forthcoming at
the proper time. He then introduced a
proposed ordinance covering the grant of
franchise, saying that the petitioner de-
Bired to have the matter acted upon by
the present board.
Two ordinances were also introduced
covering the proposed grant of franchise
to the Western Pacific Railway Company
to operate a steam railroad along certain
streets, as designated In two petitions re
cently filed by the corporation. The main
line of the road Is to enter the city at a
point 3665 feet distant from San Jose ave
nue and runs along certain streets to the
water front. A branch line is to run on
Sixteenth street from Kansas street to
the water front. The ordinances were
also introduced to give the present board
a chance to act on the petition, as the
bill is to be printed for ninety days.
The petitioner states that it has the
power to acquire franchises for the con
struction of a railroad from this city to
Santa Cruz. The petition is signed by
Charles F. O'Callaghan, president, and
Leon E. Prescott, secretary. It was re
ferred to the Street Committee.
The route of the main line Is thence to
run along Massachusetts, Delaware,
Maryland, Louisiana, Georgia, Twenty
fifth, Michigan, Illinois, Kentucky and
other streets to San Jose avenue.
The San Francisco and Southern Rail
way Company filed a petition yesterday
with the Board of Supervisors for a fifty
year franchise to operate a line of rail
road beginning at a point on the easterly
line of Water Front street at the center
line of Twenty-fourth street, and running
thence as follows:
In a westerly and southerly direction to a
point on the easterly Una of Kentucky street,
70 feet southerly from Twenty-fifth; eecondly,
beKinnlng at a point on the easterly line of
Water JYont stim at the center line of Twen
ty-ilfth And nnnlng thence to a point on the
easterly line of Kentucky street distant «0
feet from Twenty-fifth, thence from this com
mon point In a general southerly and westerly
(lirecfior to a point on the boundary line be
tveen the counties of San Mateo and San
Francisco, distant thereon 3800 feet from the
westerly line of San Jose avenue.
Ordinance to Suppress Clean
ing Machines Referred
to Committee.
Refer Assessment of United
Railroads to the City
Attorney.
Bills Introduced for Grant of
Right of Way to West
ern Pacific.
Another Railway Com
pany Seeks Entrance
Into This City.
Supervisors Consider
Resolution to Return
Collections.
Supervisors Adopt Rate
of $1,405 for All
Purposes. .
PLAN TO REFUND
SPECIAL TAXES
FILES PETITION
FOR FRANCHISE
NEW TAX LEVY
FINALLY PASSED
THE SAN IRAK CISCO CALL, TUESDAY, 'SEPTEMBER 29, 1903.
7
AUTJSEMllNTS.
8BCO2TD AXm I.A3T WSS3C
LAST 6 NIGHTS — TWO MATINEES.
HATS. WXSSZ8SAT and SATT7SOAT.
Henry W. Savage Announces tc« Triumphal
Musical Comedy.
PRINCE
OP
PILSEN
By Plxley & Luders. Authors of "Kin* Doda."*
"VOS YOU EFFER IN ZINZINNATir*
Kext Monday — Seats Beady Thursday.
FLORODORA
Th« No. 1 New Tork Company.
Greater Production Than Ever Before.
Myles McCarthy, Assisted by Aida
Wolcott; the Great Alexius; Carl-
ton and Terre; Paulo and Dika;
Falke and Semon; Charles Ernest;
Mario and Aldo; New Motion Pic-
tures and Last Week of E.
Rousby's
Latest Spectacular Novelty,
"IN PARIS"
An Electrical Review in Four Tableaux.
Reserved Seats. 23c: Balcony. 10c; Box Seata
and Opera Chairs, 60c.
MATINEES:
THURSDAT. SATURDAT. SUNDAT.-
A TREMENDOUS HIT.
TO-NIGHT
ALL THIS WEEK.
JAMES NEILL
And His Incomparable Company, in Harriet
Ford's Dramatization of Stanley Weyman'a
popular novel.
A GENTLEMAN OF FRANCE
PptpCC EVENINGS 13e. 55c. 80c. 73c
rnlUtO MATINEES 15c. 23c. SOo
Children under 5 years not admitted durinc
Mr. Nelll's engagement.
Beginning Sunday Matinee. Last Week of
Mr. NeUI. "UNDER TWO FLAGS."
Tho' It's the last week of
"Ths Glad Hand" and "Ths Con-corirs"
The house was ixtcked.
| SPECIAI. — |
On Monday Night. October 5, 1908. Klrst Pro-
duction of ,
The Great Kamtern Musical Comedy Success.
Staged by Mr. Charles H. Jones.
Entire New Music. Songa. Scenery, Costumes
and Magnificent Stnse Effects. •
Our "All Star" Cast. Including
KOLB AND DILL.
BARNKY BERNARD.
"W1NTIELT> BLAKE,
HARRY HERMSEN.
MAUDE AMBER.
ELEANOR JENKINS. V- 1
\u25a0^wW K*OTt fl ft! l(t M IB nSsllJ CfMHam
BELASCO & MAYER, Proprietor*.
Market St.. Near Eighth — Phone South 333.
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAT AND SUNDAT.
Charles A. Hoyt'i Greatest Comedy Hit.
"A TEMPERANCE TOWN"
A BRILLIANT ARJIAT OF TALENT.
L. R. STOCKWELL. Georre Nlcholla,
Herschel Mayall. Ernest Howell
Eugenie Lawtnn, Raymond Manloa.
Henry Bhurner. Marie How#.
Oeorge P. Webster. Myrtle- Vane.
Edwin T. Emery. Georale Woodthort»».
Millar Bacon. Genevlere Kane.
Elmer Booth.
PDirCC Evenings 10c to Boo
rnlWCJ Matinees 10c, 13o. 25a
SATURDAY. October S. at S p. ra. In
STEINWAY HALL.
THE 8EC0ND RECITAL OF THE SEASON
WILL BE GIVEN.
MR. PERCTVAL VAN YORX Will Presld* at
the Piano with the Aid of
THE ANGELUS.
MR3. L. SNIDER JQHNSON. soprano, will b«
the Soloist 'of the Occasion.
Complimentary tickets m»y be secured at th«
store any time before the recital.
Sherman, Clay & Co.. Kearny and Sutter Sta.
PfliflfP DON'T FAIL TO
laiaWV eee the beautiful
j COURT Lounging
flflfl room, the EMPIRE
auu PARLOR, the
I n 1 PALM ROOM, the
ITrflflu LOUIS XV PAR.
U i A 1« DIES' WRITIKQ
Hotels room -
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE ART SALES GALLERIES ' »
AUCTION
- ——OF
ORIENTAL RUGS
Commencing To Day, and Following Days,
At 2:30 p. m.
Exhibition To-Day.
YUZUK S CO.,
230 POST STREET.
Catalogues. \u25a0> A. W. LOUDERBACK, Art Auctioneer.
ICTOur large new importation, together with our retail etock, comprises a collection
of rare antiques impossible to duplicate.
" Jvisit DR. JORDAN'S great J
tJfUSEUl® OF fiNATQgm
•A C& :::-iiaiziTS7.fcrt.s:t*:-.i,s.r:Ci!.^
K The Lar^ew Anatomical Museum in the \
"* Q E*V9»ai World ««knets« or n.y contracted A
' ' CiS Srt disease |»>IU>rlmrr<l - y thr oijeit Y
0 i£S£5! specaiist on the Coast. EiL-.6)cirv O
'I tfSSZx 0R * « I0RDAN -DISEAStS OF MEN A
'• i "^^C^?f! Comulttuoo free »-.d s:ri-:!y priraie \
'jt WuH Triatzner.t ; '-v r^: y rr by letter. Aff
\ I tf ilK '"*•""* Our* in every case undertaken. T
'AT*!' 10 Wr.n (or Sook. PBILOSOPBT «f i
V \u25a0 A \Y* BABBUCE, MA!l-IU> TREK. (AT
A • £| /|. nluablc beck (of nral \
w ua jr*>cj?A:x a<o.. iom Market !<t..s. f. w
. . ,
Doctors'
Offices
. ' — . TO LET
.VVENBAN BUILDING
Corner Sutter ard Mason ets.; Just com-
pitied; lateyt improvements.
App'.y MADISON & PUHKE. 30 Montgomery.
For Stomach "Disorders
Cout and Dvsoepsia
DRINK
Best NATURAL Alkaline Water.
X VIGN IEB. CO., San Francisco.
ll 11 nlonsSmi
Not Hungry
vihcn you «;liouIJ be means disordered
nerves, which. u<l! lead to nervous
prostration Dr Miles' Nervine is
guaranteed to benefit you or money
refunded. Book on nerves sent free,
on MilEs Medical Co.. ElJihart, led.
IDEAL WEATHER
IS TEE EXPRESSION OF
EVERY ONE ALOSG THE
California Northwestern R'y
The Picturesque Route of California.
Ticket Office* of the Company. e50 Market
•ireet (Chronicle Building), and Tlburon Ferry.
loot of Market «tr*et. General Office*. Mu-
tual LJfe Bulldln*. corner of B&nscme and Cai-
iioralM. streets. Saa Fr*r,c!»co.
H. C. WKITIKO. R. X. KTAN,
Oen'l. Manager. Gen'L Pa»«'r. Acent.
DEER
HUNTING.
IX rou want to ret a deer, go to WllllM.
(top at the WWlta Hotel. Mendoclno County
Is best huntlsr eround in the £tat« near to
00 - I Li o^D u , no p' r0 i ei> ;
ACUA CALIEIMTE SPRINGS
OfEX ALL VEAK BOUSU Natural bof
' juSnbur eprlncs, temperature 115 degree*. No
1 -c'nc Fare fl 10. 6ure cur* lor rteuma-
:i^m. aithma. kidney and liver trouble*. Tub
ind hot pluntre Lath". The largest miterai
\u25ba ever swtomin« tank. In the State. Compo-
«nt lady and gentlemen m**seura. swlmaipa;
. icua Cailcnte, Bcncin* Co.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The Kind You Have Always Bought ha» borne the signa-
ture of Clias. II. Fletcher, and has been made under his
personal supervision for over 30 years. Allow no one
to deceive you in this. Counterfeits, Imitations and
«« Just-as-good'* are but Experiments, and endanger tho
Health of Children— Experience against Experiment*
What is CASTORIA
Castoria is a harmless substitute for Castor Oil, Pare-
goric, Drops and Sootbing* Syrups. It is Pleasant. It
contains neither Opium. Morphine nor other Narcotic
substance. Its age is its guarantee. It destroys Worms
and allays FevcrishncHs. It cures Diarrhoea and Wind
Colic. . It relieves Teething Troubles, cures Constipation
and Flatulency. It assimilates the Food, regulates the
Stomach and Bowels, giving 1 healthy and natural sleep.
The Children's Panacea— The Mother's Friend.
The Kind You toe Always Bought
ym Bears the Signature of mimlf 0t
In Use For Over 30 Years.
THC CCfrr».UII COMPANY. TT HUB MAT •TUtrT. NCW VONK CITY.
j, j^yEB^SEMENTS.
9 ike delicate flavor, I
I the invigoratingf I
I. '-strength, the gfenu- I
I . ine kealtnrulness or I
| is due to the "watchful 1
care ana perfect clean- §
•lmess that mark every g
step m the modern scieir 1
I tine process or brewing 1
r 1 1 1 n 1
I the beer that s pure. I
j Orders filled by S
| Thomas W. Collins & Co., Telephone Grant 149. |
AMXJSEMEUTCS.
fAblFORMT
Uj TO-NIGHT. HOYT'S ]aak
j Famous Political Satire, iff \
'His Best and Funniest Farce.
**A Texas Steer."
With the Celebrated Minstrel.
MILT BARLOW
As the "MINISTER TO DAHOMEY."
Sunday-WESrS MINSTRELS
BETTER THAN EVER.
i Featuring: a new and l_^_
Kini original olio, burlesquing |^^*
\u25a0 \u25a0 "The Wizard of Oz." k
iHEATrUll
Tivoirsss.
(NOTE — Performances beeln at S sharp, Sat-
urday matinee at 2 sharp.)
TO-NIQHT
Thursday and Sunday Nights. Saturday Mat-
inee. Bizet's Great Ooera,
CARMEN
Wednesday, Friday and Saturday Nights,
Rosini's Comedy Opera,
The Barber of Seville
Prices always the same 25c, 50c. 75c
Telephone Bush 9.
A T g*\ A rW A T\ Belasco & Mayer,
ALCAZAK «!tkr
General Manaser.
TO-NIGHT — LAST WEEK BUT ONE!
FLORENCE ROBERTS
David Belasco's Dramatic Triumph,
Next Thursday — Last Matinee of
....D'ANNUNZIO'S GIOCONDA....
Evenings. 25c to 75c: Mat., 15e to 50c
Night Prices at Gloconda Mat.
October 12— OPENING OF THE
NEW ALCAZAR STOCK COMPANY
With A DELE BLOCK and JAMES r»t*RKIN
In Plnero's LADY BOU-VTIFUL.
First Time In San Francisco.
LARKINS AMD PATTERSON
National Singers of Coon Sonus, and a
GREAT SHOW EVERY AFTERNOON AND
EVENING IN THE THEATER.
, Inspect "CABARET DE LA MORT."
VISIT THE "MYSTIC MIRROR MAZE."
LION SLAYING BABOON
IN THE ZOO.
AMATEUR NIGHT THURSDAT.
ADMISSION. 10c; CHILDREN. 8c. .
When Phoning Ask for "The Chutes."
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENTS
TTI.lVinH'T AT M»tiae« T»-D»7
lU'lllUni 8:15. at3sh»:p
' Last Two Performances.
The Everyman Company
In an Elizabethan Production of SHAKE-
SPEARE'S
TWELFTH NIGHT.
RESERVED SEATS— $1 60 and $1, now
on sale at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s.
Ha hBHh A \u25a0jbii h h fifri fa
EVERY WOMAN
j .„•- -^. is interef ted and should know
_«Sss2s'§3!&k. - about the wonderful
Jim MARVEL Sp h £K ng
IWiSA'MKiM W Ini«ctu>n and Suction.
Rest— Safest— Most Con-
Hsi^V^ 1 CK»^^»w venient. Itdeansei
Instantly
Aik yonr drnjilst for it. yy /JaL w \u25a0'<^*~ > *"
If he ctnnot supply ths * XXP^I H>f 'ifi. %'//$ j_
SIARVKI., accept no Ifc., "iFTf%P*>r~
other, hut wad stamp fo» illus- \fi J *'•.'\u25a0 %sV/
trated hook— \u25a0~aled. It *!»»• fall Y'\ / ''%#
particulars and direction* invaluable *-Sl' / . t3 '
toladie- MA It V F.I. CO..
Room 203, Times Bdg., New Tork. v> *' l Mua^
fCoal Reduct i on
I 2000 Pounds
1 Put !n Your Bin
I AMERICAN GANNEL $10
\^ Soil by All tt«ll»Pl> Pealara.TWO CLEVER FEATHER-WEIGHT BOXERS WHO WILL MEET TO
NIGHT FOR THE SECOND TIME IN A TWENTY-ROUND CONTEST
IN MECHANICS' PAVILION.
English Cricket Team Victorious.
PHILADELPHIA, Sept. 28.— The Kent
County, England, eleven defeated the AII-
Philadelphla Cricket Team by seven
wickets. All Philadelphia scored 128 runs
In their first innings and 191 In their
second innings, while Kent scored 122 In
their first innings and 191 in their second
innings for three wickets.
One of the best of Hoyt's plays, "A
Texas Steer," is being presented at the
California this week. The" people who are
presenting it are all clever, particularly
the principals. Their work is so good
that notwithstanding that the play is
more than twelve years old seats at the
theater are at a premium. ~ Though , all
of his plays are noted for their peculiar
vein of satire Hoyt's best : work is con
tained In the lines of "A.Texas Steer," a
fact which is evidenced by the great pop
ularity of the piece. ;
California.
Grand Opera House.
James Neill and his company are giv
ing a splendid production of "A Gentle
man I of France" at the Grand Opera
house this week. Neill as the hero is the
principal In several thrilling situations, In
one of which he kills no less than six ad
versaries' with his trusty sword. Edythe
Chapman Is "womanly and graceful as
Mile.. de la Vire and her presence on the
stage \u25a0 is at all times ; a genuine pleasure
to the audience. The rest of the cast «s
in competent hands and the piece will un
doubtedly have a good week's run..
Chutes.
There was variety in plenty in the new
programme at the Chutes yesterday and
all 'of the acts \u25a0 were well received. I>ar
kins and Patterson, a colored • couple,
made a -great hit in their' songs and
small talk; the Freeze .brothers proved
clever -dancers and jugglers, and Louie
Dacre, programmed "the funny lady,'^
lived up to her title. Her parodies were
original and good. Excella, a pretty and
skillful contortionist, tied ; herself -into
seemingly inextricable knots: the Grier-;
son sisters sang and danced to the . satis
faction of the audience, and May. Lam
son, the popular; contralto, \ w * 8 ( heard in
new Illustrated songs. . The anlmatoscope
\u25a0howed ; an \u25a0 entire \u25a0 change). of moving.- pic-:
tures; . The amateurs will • appear' >v on
Thursday night- - - .
WASHINGTON. Bept ; 28.— Burton R. Par
ker, of Detroit, Mich., has been appointed su
pervising • special , agent of ' the Treasury ' De
partment, succeeding W. S. Chance of Canton,
Ohio, who has been transferred to SCPauk
The musical gems are the song- and
male quartet, "Honey, Will You Miss Me
When I'm Gone?" by Keane, Boyce,
Snook and Best, and "My Pauline," by
Miss Amber. -'\u25a0 -v-"- ; ;>.; ..;,.'> -
"You can't drive them away" is what
may be said of the people who go to
Fischer's Theater to laugh at Kolb, Dill
and Bernard, to revel In the rich voice
of Maude Amber and to feast their eyes
upon the pretty and shapely girls in the
chorus. " "The Glad Hand" and "The
Con-Curers" took fresh hold on a full
house last night that laughed a3 though
it had never heard the. jokes before and
that applauded as though it were the
first night. WinHeld Blake repeated his
success in ."My Cocoanut Lou." and Miss
Vidot was as impassive a doll as. could
be well Imagined.
Fischer's.
' 2:11 pace, purse S1000. two In three — Jeiwle
f? won two straight heats la 2:09>4. 2:11U-
Mr. Marvin. Lazarre. Illinois, Stipulator and
Cascade Dove a!i?o started.
The Queen City, purse $2000. for 2:19 trot
ters, three Jn five — Jay SIcGregor won three
Ftraljrht heats in 2:12»i. 2:12^. 2:10^. Kln
ney Lou, Lady Patchie, Patchen Maid. Ka
trlr.ka G. Marparet Barthsate. Cole Direct,
Jufipe Green and Annie Dillon also started.
2:25 pace, purse. $1000, two In threes — Dl rec
tum Miller won two rtraipht heats in 2:10',i
2:11. Dutch Mowry. Ethel Mack. Lady May,
Margaret W, Anjrus Pointer. Stein. Doctor E,
Jimmy O, Mary Gordon, Wilson Girl and Line
of Gold also Ftarted.
The Horse Review purse, $5000, for 3-year
eld trotters, three in five — Ethel's Pride won
three straight heats in 2:15, 2:1714 o. 16
Raron Gale. 1 Delight. J. N. Blakemo're "and
Kporty also started.
2:11 trot, purse $1200. two in three Dr
5trong won two Ftra'.pht heats In 2:l(Hi 2-(K>i*"
Mary D. Marion Wllkes. Norman B, McKinlev
Palm Leaf, Belle KU6er. Fanfare and Dorothy
Redmond also started.
CINCINNATI. Sept. 2S—Th e Grand Cir
cuit meeting opened at Oakley Park this
afternoon under favorable auspices. " The
weather was superb and track moQer
ately fast. The sport was first class
though the five events which made up
the card w«re decided in straight heats
Four favorites won. Summary;
Five Events Which Made TJp the
Card Are All Decided in
Straight Heats. •
GRAHD CIRCUIT MEETING
OPENS AT OAKLEY PARK
The eleventh annual picnic of the K.
R. B. Rifles. Company A, Irish Volun
teers, will be held in Shell Mound Park
Sunday, October 4. The rifle company
has always been noted for the strict and
orderly manner in which it conducts all
its outings and social events, and those
who attend are assured a pleasant time
without fear of any rowdyism to mar
their enjoyment. The committee in charge
of the arrangements for the outing has
worked- assiduously to make the coming
event a success, and realizing that good
prices for the different events are very
essential in making a success, have col
lected some of the best ever offered at a
picnic.
.There will be two special military fea
tures held in the park on that day, con
sisting of an assault race and an equip
ment race for members of the company In
uniform. The Irish dances will be given
the recognition which has always been
tendered them at the K. R. B. picnics. A
separate committee will have charge of the
platform, and both the juveniles and the
adults \u25a0will be given a chance to display
their abilities, for which they will be
awarded prizes. The rifle company will
assemble at the JL R. B. Hall, on Mis
sion street, on the m«rnlng of the picnic
and march to the ferry.
Following are the committees In charge
of the various events:
Arrangements — Lieutenant Thomas McNa
boe, chairman; Sergeant P. J. Kenny, secre
tary; Serceant C. J. Collins, Corporal Dan
Harnedy. Privates William Kelley, Patrick
Mannlon. Tom Shaughnessy and Con O'Leary
Reception — Captain H. P. Fllgate, Lieuten
ant J. J. Sullivan, Sergeant Jim Smith, J. J.
Mulylhlll, P. McDonough, Michael O'Neill
James Murphy, Michael Duff, P. O'Looney '
Games— Patrick Purcell, chairman; Joseph
Gaughran, Pat Kelley, Pat Stapleton and-Wil
liam Stajileton.
Floor— Private Patrick Crow, manager: Tim
Shea, assistant; Tim Mahoney, Michael Brady
M. Hesslon. O. B. O'Reilly. Dave Ready, John
Coen and J. J. Rodsrerson.
Irish dancing— Joseph Kellteher. Patrick
Lij-nch, William Hudson and George j. Lowe.
Company A, K. B. B. Rifles, Irish
.Volunteers, to Enjoy Outing With
Races, Games and Dancing.
BIFLEMEN PREPARE FOR
PICNIC AT SHELL MOUND
Detroit 6 9 / 3
Batteries — Quick, Bliss and Zaluskey; Kit
son and Buelow.
BOSTON, Sept. 28.— The champions con
cluded the regular schedule to-day with a
double victory over St. Louis, shutting - the
visitors out in the second game. The first
game was marred by clumsy fielding, but was
close enough to be interesting. The visitors
played listlessly in the second game, and could
do nothing with Dineen's pitching. The errors
of Bowersock and Shannon were costly. Holt
was batted freely. Attendance, 2681. Scores :
First game — R. H. E
Boston 8 _11 4
St. Louis : 7 6 2
Batteries — Gibson , and Stahl; Powell ami
Shannon.
Second game — R. h. E.
Boston 6 15 0
St. Louis 0 7 4
Batteries — Dlneen and Farrell; Sudhoff and
Shannon. • . ,
NEW YORK, Sept. 28.— Manager Griffith
put in a new battery to-day against Detroit,
and while Quick lasted only two Innings
Bliss, who took his place, was effective. At
tendance. 1094. Score:
#1- H. E.
New York »7 13 4
Batteries — Wilson and Drill; Alltrock and
Sullivan.
Batteries— Donahue and Bern is; Plank and
Powers.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 28.— Washington and
Chicago brought the season to a close here
to-day with a double-header which resulted in
two victories for Chicago. Washington by
fluky batting scored five runs in the opening
Inning of the first game, but later by poor
work in the field permitted the visitors to win
the game. Loose fielding in the second and
some good batting by Chicago gave them tho
second game. Attendance, 1513. Scores:
First game — R. h. E.
Washington S 12 2
Chicago e 12 2
Batteries — iJse and Drill; Patterson and Sul
livan.
Second game— R. h. B.
Washington 3 e 4
Chicago 10 15 1
PHILADELPHIA. Sept. 28.— By defeating
Cleveland to-day Philadelphia captured tecond
place in the pennant race. Lajoie's wild
throw permitted the locals to tie the score,
and his fumble In the tenth inning resulted In
the winning run. Attendance, 4840. Score:
„ , j, R. H. B.
Cleveland 3 g 3
Philadelphia 4 8 2
PHILADELPHIA SECOND
IN THE PENNANT RACE
The musical comedy^ "The Prince of
Pilsen" continues to draw packed house*
to the Columbia. Theater. There ar«
many pretty and catchy tunes through
out the two acts, among them being "A
Season at the Shore"; the duet, "The
Message of the Violet," which was agai»
and again repeated: "Heldelburg"; "Pic
tures in the Smoke": "It Is the Dutch";
"The American Girl"; "The Tale of the
Sea Shell," and the march solo, "Fall
In." Trlxie Friganza Is a fascinating
widow, her dresses are exquisite and her
voice clear and expressive. Both Miss
Alrriyra Forrest Lockwood and Miss
Ruth Peebles are sweet vocalists and full
of vivacity. Jess Dandy from "Zlniln
nati" is one of the best comedians seen
here for a long time. His humor is
broad and spontaneous and he has made
qiUite a hit. Arthur Donaldson, the real
Prince, and Henry Taylor, the Lieutenant
Tom Wagner, sing well. Nick Long and
Idalene Cotton, as the French concitrge
and French 'maid, were enthusiastically
greeted last night for their clever charac
ter duet. "Back to the Boulevards."
Everything goes with a dash and swing
that ia refreshing.
Columbia.
There are few actresses on the stage
to-day that can portray the gamut of
human emotion In so artistic a manner
as does dainty Florence Roberts, the pres
ent star at the Alcazar.
Miss Roberts was seen again last even
ing as "Zaza" In the powerful play of
that name. That the audience was com
pletely carried away by the clever work
of the actress was proven In a marked
manner. For some rea3on,- the waits
between the acts were unpardonably
long and It wa3-4>ast midnight ere the
final curtain descended. Yet none of the
vast audience left the theater before the
close of the play, a sincere tribute to the
abilities of Miss Roberts.
The gaiety of the vaudeville singer in a
second rate concert hall in France was
cleverly portrayed by the star and the
emotional scenes where the broken
hearted woman parts from her lover
were enacted in an artistic manner that
brought from the audience intense silence
and then a tumult of applause.
The play of "Zaza" Is supposed to be
one that Is associated with all that Is
coarse and brutal, but In the hands of
Florence Roberts It becomes a lesson for
men and women to ponder over.
"It Is such men as you that make
women such as I am," Is the key note
of the play, and Miss Roberts brings it
out with striking reality. No matter how
Zaza may break the moral code, the
actress forces her audience to realize that
Zaza Is, after all. simply a woman, with
a woman's intense feelings, craving for
all that is better in life.
Lucius Henderson waa seen again as
Alcazar.
First Race — "William Wright,
Chockayotte, Formaster.
Second Race — Delagoa, Sidney C.
Love, Colonial Girl.
Third Race — Our Bessie, Brush
By, Dr. Stephens.
Fourth Race — Golden Rule, Toah,
Sehwalbe. . * •\u25a0
Fifth Race^ — Sir Launcelot, Mayor
Johnson, Evelyn Byrd.
Sixth Race— Incubator, Pingal,
I>on't. Ask Me.
HARLEM SELECTION'S.
By the Chlcag-o Inter Ocean.
Sixth race, one an<i a sixteenth miles — Don't
Aek Me 107, Somersault 107, I'aul Whaley 107,
F:r.ga.l 107. Marshaisea 107, Sprlnzitead 100,
Incubator 100. «
Fifth rice. Fix furlongrs — Joe Martin 102,
Lady Kent 05. Mayer Johnson t»3. Evelyn Byrd
t<5. Sir Launcelot H3, Belle Mahone fO. Tlosa
K* Sarah 51s xim &'J, Marco 89, Ocean Dream
bit, Merrynieht 8».
Fourth race, six furlongs — Sehwalbe 111,
Toah I(i7. Golden Rule 107, Thjine Vi, Mr.
15rown BS, Gypz«n«.8'J.
Second race, one mile — Talr»a. 104. Delagoa
9S Colonial Girl U9.* Rabunta 09, O'Hagen «3.
Callant 99, Warte Nlcht l M. Sidney C. Love t)S,
Gilfain UO, Oklahoir-a Belle DO, Ancke IK).
Third race, on/ and a quarter miles. Fort
Dearborn handicap— Dr. Stephens W2, Post
master Writrht OS. Our Bessie 90, Brush By
'j-2 Little Blkin 81.
CHICAGO. Sept. 2K — Entries:
First race. nve furlongs — Formatter 108.
William Wright LOS. Myron Dale 108. Blanford
I'm, N'orel 1<JS, Chix-kayotte 105. Coroner Kelly
103. Traisetu-r 1UM, Kini? EUswortb 103, Apple
103. Enverlte 103. I Must 100, Virginia Hoy luO,
Hlli Walters 100.
HARLEM ENTRIES.
MORRIS PARK SELECTIONS.
By. the New York Telegraph.
First Race — Ohnet, Draughtsman,
Gibson Light.
Second Eace— Fina Art, Green
Crest, Steel Maker.
Third Race — St. Judo, Medal,
Tom Lawson.
Fourth Race — Wild Thyme,
Payne, Rostand.'
Fifth R^ace — Outcome, Monastic,
Jocund.
Sixth Eace— Monograph, Belmont
Entry, Ring Dove.
Sixth race. Withers mile, selling — Klnnikinn'.c
O«>. Wild Pirate 104. Athelrose 93. Joe Cobb
105. Montfera.ph 107. Eva Russell 90 Samtor
107. Sti-oller 104. R!n« Dove 31. Gavlota 97
Oarsman »-5, Blue Banner 85, Our Xugxet 91
Widows Mite 9S. '
Third race. Withers mile. maldenE — Calcutta
100, L<>r.arka. ltxi. Sabot 100, Gates 100. Efne
Sheppard l<>0. East Kelnton 1(TJ Medal 10')
Pt. Jude 100. The Captain 103. Seminel 100*
Queen Klizabeth 100, Tom Uwson 100.
F*ourt.ii T&c^ r one and a sixteenth rnfles over
the hill. Falrview, filing — Wild Thyme !«S,
nn-.barraasment 103, Iieverly l<tt. Payne 100,
Daisy Gre'en 95, Janeway !*>, Rostand 105.
Fifth race, Bix and a half furlongs of Withers
mile, two-year-olds — Mon ad nock 105. Hello 110
Ruby Rinr 107. Wotan 114. Sais 110. Shorttake
1«>7. Monastic 113. Tim Payne 110, Burdette
107. Champlila 105, Kncbhampton 113 The
Southerner 110, Easle 107, Bryn Mawr 105,
Charter 102, Pompano 105, Jocund 115 Dca
John 1C5. Outcome 10T. '
Second race, five and a. half furlong, ecllps*
<-ourfe. maiden fwo-rear-^lds — Kiokey T 104
Ascetic 1(H, • ;<\u25a0 h..- «.;..- i'H. South-urpton 107
Arthur J07, M<»hie*n 107. Donnelly 107 Saliet
101, Shady Lad 104, Pir.© Art 104. St^lmakc
107. Coaw-n Eawn KH. Hylas 104, Adriuiha
1<H. Gold Tip 107. Sneer UH, Green Crest ltH
O*or>etz 107. Prince Saim Saim IO7, Phas-r
lt»7. Monsoon 1O4. Crown Prince 107. •
First race, one &n<! thrre-quarter miles, V»ll-
Inc. September huiVSIe. seven hurdles — Star
Chamber 1M. .Gibson Litht 15.1, <Jinet ISS
Cryptogram J46, Extravaganza 141. Pantos
I>ueiont 133, Amur l.\3, McCrathUna Prince
J5-T, Numeral 145, Draughtsman 153 Chsri
win<I 153.
NFTW YORK. Ser>t. 2.S.— Entries
MORRIS PARK ENTRIES.
The house was thoroughly appreciative
at all times, and caught up every stroke of
wit and sally of humor. "A Temperance
Town" Is produced by one of the strong
est casts ever seen at the Central. In
addition to Mr, Stockwell, Herschel May
all plays the part of "Gentleman Jack
Worth, who might be somebody if he had
a mind. to," with all the requisite fidelity,
and Eugenie Thais Lawton makes a
sweet and winsome Ruth, the clergyman's
daughter. Elmer Booth, as "Bingo, son
of Jones," gave an exceedingly, clever im
personation, and Marie Howe, as "the
woman who was fool enough to marry a
Jones," was responsible for another rich
comedy bit. George P. Webster, «s the
temperance druggist, "who sold liquor on
prescriptions," Walter Whlpple as the
doctor who wrote the . prescriptions and
George Nlcholls as the clergyman lead
ing the crusade against rum were very
acceptable in their respective roles. Er
nest Howell was good as "the oldest man
in town," and Edwin T. Emery. filled well
the bill of the man who ran the saloon.
Henry Shumer as the country lawyer
and Raymond Manlon as the Boston bar
rister were effective in the. courtroom
scene, and Genevieve Kane, Myrtle Vane
and Georgie Woodthorpe made the most
of their opportunities as "members of
the clergyman's family." j The cast Is a
long one. The play made a decided hit,
and . "A Temperance Town" Is In for a
big week's run at the Central. .
At the Central Theater last night a
splendid reception was accorded the dis
tinguished comedian, L. R. Stockwell.
who began his special engagement there
in that record breaking Hoyt comedy, "A
Temperance Town." From the moment
Stockwell, In his great role of Launcelot
Jones, "the town toper," drove in wfth
his spavined nag and creaking buckboard.
to begin his dally routine In haunts pro
scribed by the anti-rum crowd, to the
culmination of the rabid prohibition war
before judge and Jury, he had everything
his own way, and the audience laughed
and applauded almost incessantly.
Central.
B—^ ENNY YANGER, the "Tlpton
Slasher," who hails from Chica
go, and our own Eddie Hanlon,
the promising featherweight,
axe to battle twenty rounds
in Mechanics' Pavilion to-night. This will
be their second meeting. When the lads
fought some months ago the battle ended
in a draw. Both fought furiously and put
up a magnificent battle. Yanger com
plained of a bad hand and a wrenched
back and said he was retarded in his
movements. He now admits that he is in
perfect shape and expects to beat Han
lon.
Hanlon has no excuses to offer. In fact,
Eddie has never made any since entering
the roped arena. He is ambitious to rise
to the top of the ladder and believes that
by defeating Yanger he will be within a
rung of the top. Hanlon's style of fight
ing is not fancied by spectators. It is
true he is always boring in and guards
himself in *uch a manner that most of
the blows aimed at his Jaw or body are
Georgie Fuller will not be able to fill his
engagement with Billy Otts, so Trank
Rafael has been substituted. Rafael is
a more rugged fighter than Fuller and
ought to give Billy a hard contest. They
will box ten rounds for a decision. The
curtain raiser will be a six-round battle
between Harry Sheridan and Jack Evans.
The sale of seats for the bouts has been
large and the usual big attendance Is an
ticipated. When Hanlon and Yanger
fought before they appeared before a $10,
000 house.
blocked. Hanlon will employ different
tactics to-night. The moment he is close
to Yanger he will assume the aggressive
and hopes to hand Benny some choice
wallops that will make the Italian wish
he had never started.
Eddie Smith will referee the contest.
After a good deal of haggling his selection
was agreed upon and he will preside a
second time in the arena when the pair
get busy. The betting favors Hanlon. He
is in his own bailiwick and his friends
say they will back h^im heavily, as he is
young and is on the road to the cham
pionship.
By the New York Telegraph.
First Race — Enigma, Wootsy
Weinerd, Cardona.
Second Race — Sid Silver, My
Surprise, Tang-ent.
Third Race^ — Lasso, Spencerlan,
Dave Sommers.
Fourth. Race — Theory, Mimo, Two
Lick.
Fifth Race — GHennevis, Bengal,
Banca.
Sixth Race — Rengaw, False, Cogs
well.
Sixth race, one and a sixteenth miles, three
year-olda and upward, selling — Qulzanto 100,
Landola 103, Rensaw 05, False 05, Klnsstelle
05, Cogswell 103.
DELMAR SELECTIONS.
Fourth race, six furlongs, handicap, three
year-olda and upward — Mlmo 00, Theory 91,
Hilee 108, Rosecourt 00, Two Lick 100, Frank
Bell 118.
Fifth race, one mile and twenty yards, three
year-olds and upward, purse — Barca 100, Ben
gal 105, Olennevia loO. Allopath 1OT..
Third race, one mile, two-year-olda and up
ward, selling — Donaml 104, Spencerlan 85, Rye
vale 90, Lasso' ICC, Helen Hay 104. Dave Som
ers 110 Macbeth 110. Helen Print 110.
Flrpt race, five furlongs, maiden two-year
old fillies — Lonlana 107, Ora Z 107, Enigma 107,
Mon Chere 107, Sally Lunn 107. Lady Thistle
107 Ache 107, Cardona 107, Wootsy TPinlerd
107. Bettle Deceiver 107. Falcon's Pearl 107.
Second race, six furlones. selling — The Ad
vocate 93, Deerhunter 102. Model Monarch 103.
My Surprise 103, Sid Silver 10C. Little Corker
103, Ranchman 103, Lacache 97, Tangent 105,
Alborac 08.
ST. LOUIS. Kept. 28. — Kntrles!
DELMAR ENTRIES.
Twelfth Night Repeated.
The Elizabethan atmosphere was well
transferred from the Greek Theater of
Berkeley to Lyric Hall last night when
at 8:15 o'clock the Everyman company re
peated its performance of "Twelfth Night.
or What V u Will." as given i.« the
classic temple across the bay last Satur
day afternoon.
There was gathered a goodly and repre
sentative audience and the players scored
a. magnificent success, havlns ' acquired
the lines of the immortal bard, Shakes
peare, so accurately as never to encoun
ter a stumbling Instant. Consequently
the merry comedy, with Its occasional
dramatic touches, passed off splendidly.
Constance Crawley became a favorite*
from the very first moment of her ap-^
pearance as Viola, and Beatrice Whitney"
scored not one whit less success as Se
bastian, while Ben Greet played Malvolia
in a perfectly picturesque fashion.
Clive Curry won honors for his excel
lent portrayal of the sea captain, An
tonio, and Dallas Anderson's Feste, th*
clown, teemed with Jingle, grace and flip
pant banter. To Robert Smiley must ba
given credit for the treat he gave in
the character of. Sir Toby Belch. Indeed.,
one could go through the whole cast ar.i
award to each, without exception, th«
highest degree of praise and thanlca for
so complete and artistic a performance.
"Twelfth Night" will be given at a
matinee to-day and again this evening.
"The Elixir of Life."
"WTiat promises to be a. more than
usually Interesting lecture -will toe that
given by Dr. Alexander J. Mclvor-Tyn
dall, the wizard of thought transference,
at Steinway Hall next Sunday evening.
Dr. Mclvor-Tyndall has, by request,
taken for his subject "The' Elixir of LJfe."
and has promised to tell the secret of his
own marvelous power of recuperation and
rejuvenation. Whether or not there be in
the universe any power or force whereby
decay may be arrested and' death over
come is prohp.tly the next question with
which science will have to deal. Many
Christian and mental science enthusiasts
openly admit their belief in the power to
conquer the destroyer, and from the pres
ent indications of the limitless resources
of nature It seems a not unlikely contin
gency. Whatever Dr. Mclvor-Tyndall
has to say on the fascinating question
will at least be within scientific possibili
ties. This famous exponent of the mar
velous has the rare charm of adhering
strictly to scientific facts and postulates.
As there will undoubtedly be a large au
dience, reserved seats may be secured any
day during the week at "That Man
Pitts," 1008 Market street- Although tHo
lecture alone Is sufficiently attractive, Dr.
Mclvor-Tyndall will also give demonstra
tions of his unequaled faculty of clair
voyant and psychic impression.
Orphexrm.
The Orpheum bill thi3 week Is a collec
tion of vaudevllel oddities and every ona
of them Is a hit. Falke and Semen,
musical comedians, and the electrical
novelty, "In Paris," were the features
most appreciated last night.
FIXTH RACE — Selling; Wither* mile:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
1 to 1 — Trinity Bell, lurt (Houbre) 5 4 13
7 to 1 — Kin^raine. 106 (Burns) 3 fl 2 \
13 to 5 — Highlander. 100 (Redfem) 6 3 3 h
Time. 1:42. Start fair. Won ridden out.
Winner. J. A Drake's b. m. by Rossington-
Pamine. Du'-llst 106. Locket 105. Past HK)
Flara 1>*5. OuuMer 105. Boutonniere 104. Gold
Van 1C7. a^o ran.
Time. 1 :2O 2-5. Start good. Won easily.
Wir.ncr. J. A. Drake's b. c. by Deceiver-
Brune. Moharib 114. Acirad 107 also ran.
FIFTH RACE — Selling; two-year-olds; eix
end a half furlongs of Withers mile:
Betting. Horse. Weight, J.»ckey. St. \ Fin.
7 to A — Boba<JM. 110 (O'KetU) 3 11 2V4
8 to 1 — Aurumastor. 106 (Gray).. 5 3 2 4
20 to 1 — -Previous Stone. Ill (Mnta) 4 •* 3 h
Time. 2:15. Start good. Won cleverly.
Winner. Mrs. L. Curtis' b. f. by Ben Strome-
The number.
FOURTH JlACn — The J«rora« stakes; thre«
yea.r-ol<le; one and flve-Fixteenth miles; ever
the hill:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St «4 Fin.
:i to 5 — Eugenia Burch 119 (Fullr) 1 1 1 h
T to 5— Grey Friar. 1U tBurne)... 2 2 2
THIRD RACE — Tlie Matron; for two-year
old filliee; Eclipse course:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St, %, Fin.
11 to 5— Armenia. 112 (Hicks) 4 3 1 h
8 to 1— For Luck. 109 (O'Nelll).. 12 2 2
6 to 1 — Beldam.-, 12TJ (Cochrane). <> 4 :i '-,
Time. 1:10 1-5. Start fair. Won driving.
•Winner. W. C. Whitney's ch. f. by Mt-MJ.r-
T'rar.ia. Lady Amelia 122, Euphrata 109,
klarjoraa 111, Lincoln 111, Mocochord 112,
tilho ran.
SECOND HACK — Th* Matron; for two-year
old colts and pollings; Kclipse course:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. \ Fin.
ft to S — Minute Man 117 (ONelll) 1114
33 to 10 — Hlr-poorates" 111 (Re-1frn> 2 3 2 h
1? to 1 — CM Jeseup" 112 (Fuller) 3 2 3 6
Time, 1:09 3-5. Start fair. Won easily.
Winner. J. EX Maddtn's cU, c by Juvenal-
SVir.per Paratus. Orthodox 111. Panlque 104,
Rain or Shine 117. also ran.
NEW YORK,, Bept 28.— J. E. Madden's
The Minute Man easily won the $10,000
Matron f takes for colts and g«ldines at
Morris Park to-day. He and his stable
companion, Panique, were favorites in the
betting, closing at six to five. . W. C.
Whitney's Ilyppocrates, second choice,
was second. Six gtjod three-year-olds
faced the starter for this event. The
Minute Man went out to make the pace
and as the field came In sight a± the head
of the etretch he was leading by a length.
He gradually increased his lead to the
finish and won by four lengths.
Armenia won the filly end of the Ma
tron stakes by a head from For Luck.
Lady Amelia, the favorite, cut out the
running to the dip, where she stopped.
Probably the biggest "killing;" of the
reason was made by the DraJte-Gatca
coterie on the last race, won by Trinity
Bell. The filly was backed down from 20
to s to 1. Her recent races have been very
bad. but to-day ghe wns brimful of speed.
Lowest estimates of the •winnings of
Drake and Gates on the filly place them
at upward of $103,000. Summary:
FIRST RACE — Selling; seven furlongs of
Withers mile:
Bet tin*. Horse. Weirht. Jockey. St. %. Fin.
» to 5 — Oartallan. 103 (Burns)... 1 1 1 1VJ
30 to 1 — Pr. Chlng JOS <Cochra.n) 2 5 2 8
15 to 1— Cot. M*id. 103 tDesouza) 4 2 3 2"
Time. 1 :27 2-5. Btart bad. Won easily.
Winner. F. It. Hitchcock's ch. g. by Bathamp
ton-Catalia.. IJrlBand lt*5 Lovenote 103. I)r.
Blssell 1«5. 6<ju:d 1(R. Hyland 106. Pipe 103.
I>arlng Sailor 104, xsj ran.
Fr»cloJ Dispatch to Th« Call.
SIXTH RACE — One and an eighth miles;
eelllng:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
9 to 2— The Bobby, 104 (Taylor).. .11 9 12
5 to 1— Kunja, 97 (Austin) 5 12 3
C to 1— Goo Goo. 89 (McKinney). . .10 10 3 6
Time, 1:5554. Start gcod. Won easily.
Winner, J. J. Ogle's ch. g. by Inspector B-Panay
Blossom. Postman 92, Eugenia S 94. Tony
Lepplng 99, Decoration 87, El Caney 102, Ga
lanthus 94, Castake 94, Viccerne 89, also ran.
FIFTH RACE — One mtWand seventy yards;
selling:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
» to 10 — Light Opera, 09 (Llv'ston) 3 4 1 h
13 to 5 — Mont. Peeress. 98 (Shea). 112 4
16 to 6 — Silurian. 98 (Perkins) 4 2 3n
Time, 1:40%. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, L. Lemjt & Co.'s ch. c. by Counter
Tenor-Onllght. Bummer II 108 also ran.
Time. 1:4794. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. J. C. Milan & Co.'s b. c. by Pirate of
Penzance-Lady Modred. Little Scout 112, Imp.
Albula 112, Ray 1W, also ran.
FOURTH RACE — One and a sixteenth miles;
purse:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
8 to 1— Dan McKenna, 100 (Shea).. 1.4 In
4 to 1— M. Beaucaire, 107 (Smith).. 5 12 1
9 to 5— Taby Tcsa. 104 (Louden) . . 3 3 3 3
THIRD RACE — Six furlongs; purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St «i Fin.
8 to 1— Folies Bergeres. 101 (Shea) 4 2 1 Vt
4 to 5 — Forehand, 113 (Sheehan)... 15 2 3
5 to 1 — Lord Hermence. 106 (Smith) 2 4 3 *i
Time, 1:10. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner, E. S. Gardner's b. f. by Himyar-Frogmore.
Wreath of Ivy 105. Anthena 101, Flora J 101,
Lady Free Knight 101, also ran.
Time, 1:15>£. Start good. Won driving.
Winner J Bracken & Co.'s blk. m. by King
Eric-Fragrance. Harry Griffith 100, Gua Lanka
103. Irby Bennett 106. Military 111. Sweet
Charity 100. Zlrl 106. Russelton 10C, Mr. Phln
lzy 114, also ran.
SECOND RACE— Six furlongs ', selling:
Betting. Horse, Weight Jockey. St. % Fin.
8 to 1 — Lady Idrls. 106 (Plunkett) 4 1 1 Va
13 to 1 — Weird. Ill (Calvitt) 7 6 2 1
15 to 1 — Sceptre, 105 (L. Dean) 2 3 3 1
ST. LOUIS, Sept. 28.— An excellent card
was run off at Delmar Park this after
noon and, for a Monday, the attendance
was large. The track was fast and the
weather clear and pleasant. Ah of the
races were interesting, but the chief at
traction was the fourth event, a purse
affair at one and a sixteenth miles. Dan
McKenna, neglected In the betting at 8
to 1 and given a perfect ride by Shea,
captured the purse after a desperate
struggle with M. Beaucaire. Taby j/osa,
the 9 to 5 favorite,' was miserably ridden
by Louden. Summary:
FIRST KACE — Five furlongs; purse: "
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
6 to 1— Foxy Grandpa, HO (Austin) 1 1 1 V»
25 to 1— Ario. 10K (McCarthy) 2 2 2 \»
9 to 2— Judge Denton, 10S (Davis) 7 3 3 1*4
Time. 1:0316. Start fair. Won handily.
Winner, T. P. Hayes & Co.'b blk. c. by Loyal
ist-Lorena Mac. l^aunay 108, Klowa Chief 107,
Elsie 105, Tcm Olney 108, also ran.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Time. 1 4'J 2-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner C. E. Hellebush's br. f. • by Hand
\u25a0pdnff-SClBtT Ouster. Iiruhh By J>6. Glenrlce 91.
Tancred 1<i3. Rosewater 100. Frank M 06,
Miracle- II 101, Urchin 101. also ran.
SIXTH RACK — One and a sixteenth miles;
selling:.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
9 to 1— Lady Matchless. 95 (Kerrll) 6 1 1 n
6 to 1— Rcbunta, 1)0 (Ppencer) 10 7 2 h
a to 1— l'!rat«r, 1C5 (Otis) 2 6 3 1
Time. 1 :41 3-5. Start Rood. Won easily.
Winner. C. E. Water's b. h. by Octopus-Igno
ramus. B«?au Ormcnde 102, Bragg 105, Lord
Melbourne 'Jl, also ran.
FIFTH RACE— One mile; Centennial puree.
Batting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
15 to 1 — Dr. Stepher.s, 102 (Irvin) 5 112
II t o in — 51 x Shooter, 110 (Knight) 4 2 2 n
13 to 6 — Uy Ways, 91 (Wilson).. 3 3 3 4
SKCOXD RACE — Steeplechase; short course;
handicap.
Hettlnp. Horse, Weight. JorKey. St. % Fin.
lt> to 5 — Mr. Rose. 135 (McMahon) 8 2 14
13 to 0 — Oylon, 153 (O'Hrlen) 4 1 2 h
0 to 1 — J. E, Owens. 125 (Jhnsn).lO 3 3 2
Time. 3:37 1-5, Start good. Won easily.
Winner, J. W. Riley's blk. f. by Ben Hlmyar-
Tube Rose. Handvlco l&S, Paulaker 140, Fa
l«Ila 140. Laura K 181. Creolin 125, First Pant
1.10. aiso ran. Snowdrift 125 fell. Limelight
133 ran out.
THIRD RACE — Six furlongs; Speed stakes.
Benin*. Horse Weight, Jockey. St. *i Fin.
1 to 5 — I>lck Welle*. 113 (Kn^ht) 1114
9 to 2 — Delagoa. 1O7 (Wilson)... 2 2 2 10
10O to 1 — Emma A.M. .107 (Olphnt) 3 3 3
Time, 1:14 3-5. Start perfect. Won easily.
Winner. J. B. Resptss' b. c. by King Eric-
Tea's Over.
FOURTH RACE— Fbur an<J a half furlongs;
purse.
Betting. Horrc, Weight. Jockey. St. «i Fin.
1 to 2— Don Domo, 11* (Ferrel!).. 1115
7 to 2— Clftn Forge. 113 (Wnderly) 4 2 224
(J to 1— Dick Bernard. 113 (Wilson) 7 C 3 4
Time. :54 2-6. Start poor. Won easily. Win
ner. J. F. Newman's kt. nr- by Rancoeas-Faith
less. Woodlyn IOC!. Tribune ICO, Brookwood
Belle 100, Rioeful lot. also ran.
FIRST RACE — Six furlongs: selling.
Betting. Horeo. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
16 to 5 — nay Wonder. i»S (Ferrell). 3 1 1 h
11 to 2— Has Tag. 105 (Otis) 13 2 2
0 to 2— fit«-mwinder, !*C (Wilson).. 2 2 3 2^
Time, 1:16 2-5. » Start good. Won driving.
Winner. J. F. Newman's b. g. by Lord Dal
meny-Faithl^ss. Banlolph 101. Orfeo 105.
I^uchess Hanna V>S, Judge Greenberg 103, LaJy
Wentworth 1AJ, also ran.
CHICAGO. Sept. 28.— Dick. "Welles won
the Speed Stakes at Harlem to-day in a
common canter by a length from DeJa
goa. So far as the race was concerned
It was practically featureless, as Dick
Welles was a 1 to 6 favorite. The pres
ence of the fast colt scared all the others
out of the race. Dick Welles broke In
front and took a lead of two and a half
length In the first eighth, which he held
at all times and increased it to three
turning for home. Then Knight took
things easy, winning as he pleased. The
track was not at its beat and the time,
1:14 3-5, was not as fast as Dick Welles
has been working.
Dr. Stenhens, one of the rank outsid
ers at 20 to 1, won the Chicago Centennial
purso by two and a half length from Six
Shooter, the heavily played 11 to 10 fa
vorite, which beat By Ways a nose for
the place.
A "killing" was made on Mr. Rose in
the steeplechase, the "lepper" being
backed from. 7 to 1 down to 3 to 1. He
won easily.
The weather was clear and pleasant
and the attendance large. Summary:
Ez>ectal Dispatch to Th« Call.
The first shock came with Gregoretti's
"Largo al Factotum," after Its bewilder
lngly lively prelude. It was sung with a
surging fun that carried the house to Its
feet and found my neighbors wiping the
tears from their astonished eyes. The
barber's merry plotting and Almaviva's
delicious sentimentalizing plunged them
still further In, and by Don Basillo's "La
Calumnla"— with Cortes! as Dr. Bartolo
listening with Inspired stupidity— they
gave up the attempt to be proper and
howled gladly with the rest of us.
I think It was the liveliest performance
of "The Barber" that I have heard. I
don't except even' that hilarious produc
tion when' Collamaiinl sported the black
beard and shovel hat of Don Basllio. "We
have never had such a Figaro as Greg
orettl to begin with. He is incomparably
more humorous than Campanari In the
part, Is even bigger, and more finely
voiced, and with as fluent and easy vocal
ism. As comedy we have had nothing
better, nor as singing. The sputtering
syllables of the "Largo" came out as
clearly as a string of pearls, every word
cut as clean as a die. So throughout, and
Gregorettl was in the best of his magnifi
cent voice last night. In looks he might
have been cut from a Goya tapestry, and
his facial play, with Its mischief, slyness,
good nature, the whole technique of the
busy-body, was humor incarnate. One
need not be told that Figaro is the bary
tone's favorite part, for he sings and
plays it that way.
Tromben's Roslna added much to the
comedy of the opera. She has a store of
unsuspected vivacity and a piquant co
quetry that makes the part on this side
well on a level with' the Figaro. Vocally,
she Is uneven. She has a. pretty voice,
an unusually fine staccato, sometimes
soloratura passages of much beauty, but
one Is never wholly comfortable about
her. In the music lesson scene Miss
Tromben's Interpolated songs were: "Una
Lezlone dl Gorgegglo," by Guagul Ben
venutl, and "Varlazlone," by Dl Frock.
The orchestra "fell down" on the count
and Miss Tromben added to the fun by
trailing a chair very vigorously across the
stage to signify her displeasure. She was
generously applauded.
Tedeschi was the Almavlva, and his
somewhat girlish voice and appearance
gave the part a peculiarly hu
morous accent. The little tenor
sang very well last night, and
the vivacity before noted In his work
came in most usefully to the acting of the
role. That very useful person, Cortesl,
was the Dr. Bartolo. and brought an in
telligence to his work that surprised those
not familiar with his career here. Cortesl
is very sure of his parts, always there,
always interested, always sufficient, and
his Dr. Bartolo ranks easily in its genre
with Gregorttti's Figaro, so far as acting
is concerned. Travagllni's smooth, fine
bass is heard to excellent advantage in
the Don Basllio role, and Miss Nettie
Deglow is pleasing as Berta. Particu
larly good la the concerted work, and
those desirous of an evening's excellent
entertainment cannot do better than hear
the Tlvoli people In this royal old comedy.
BLANCHE PARTINOTON.
There really are a few people left In San
Francisco who have not yet heard "The
Barber of Seville." I know, for two ot
them sat next me last night at the Tivoh.
Whether the performance— all but bril
liant, or this part of the audience were—
the more amusing, it were hard to say.
My neighbors had brought along their
grand opera manners and a large Inno
cence of the libretto. They were of thos»
apparently who regard opera-going as a
more or lees pleasing duty, and were
cheerfully prepared to go through with it
to the heroine's last dying screech— for
who ever heard of grand opera where she
doesn't?
Bernard Dufrene and his work waa
thoroughly effective and artistic. The en
tire supporting company waa In keeping
with the principals and stage settings re
flect the greatest credit on the manage
ment. Miss Roberts' dresses w«re a
triumph of the modiste's skill.
Belmont will retain his famous Nursery
stud, with its valuable sires and brood
mares, also a choice lot of weanlings.
Of Belmont's horses in training to be
sold, the best known are the two-year
olds Dick Turpin, Bridle Path. Fine Art,
Magistrate, Gallant, Lord of the Valley,
Orthodox, Orlza and Red Harry; the
three-year-olds Fire Eater, Flying Jib,
Lord of the Vale, Mizzen, Nine Spot and
Oarsman, and the four-year-olds Master
man nnd Namtor.
1 have not the slightest Intention of severing
my connection with the turf. My duties h<
chairman of the Jockey Club and tha Stata
Racing Commission and the attention I hav»
to give to racing interests ora quits sufficient
in themselves. liesttles this. I have my breed
ing establishment, and, Just as soon as I can
enjoy the pleasure of training my own horaea
again, I certainly will do so.
While it is not the same, nevertheless I can
have a great deai of pleasure In watching tha
career of horses which I bred, and as I n»ver
had a finer lot of yearlings, I have not tha
slightest misgiving: about being well rep
resented on the turf.
NBW YORK. Sept. 28.— August Belmont
haa decided to Mil his entire racing sta
ble, together with his yearlings, and will
retire from active sport for the present.
The sale will take place at Morris Park a
week from next Thursday.
Belmont gives as his reason for thla
action that he has not the time to devote
to the running of his horses, but says he
•till will be Identified with the turf as
chairman of the Jockey Club and the
State Racing Commission. When tha
story was first circulated to-day Belmont
was asked If it were true. He replied:
Yea, I have come to the conclusion that I
have not the time to devot» to a racing stable
at present. I rarely have a chance to sen my
horses run, and I have so many corporate in
terests that require my attention that a bis
ractnff stable becomes a positive cam to n>«
Instead of a. pleasure.
Special Dispatch to Tha Call.
.The Drake-Gates Contingent
Makes a "Killing" on
Trinity Bell.
Florence Roberts J>3 Warmly
Received at Alcazar
in "Zaza."
Heavily-Backed Forehand \u25a0 Is
• Beaten by Folies Ber
geres at Delmar.
as President of the
Jockey Club.
He Will Continue, However,
Dr. Stephens Astounds Handi
oappers by Capturing
the Centennial,
King of Sprinters Gal
lops In Winner of .
Speed Stakes.
Dan McKenna Beats M.
Beaucaire in Ding
dong Finish.
•Divide Honors in the
Morris Park Matron
* * „ Stakes.
Millionaire's Colors No
Longer to Be Seen
on Turf.
"The Barber of Seville"
Is Excellently Per- #
formed. .
THE MINUTE HIM
AND ARMENIA WIN
GAMELY BATTLE
IN THE STRETCH
ONLY A WARM-UP
FOR DICK WELLES
TIVOLI SHOUTS
FOR GREG0RETTI
AUGUST BELMONT
TU SELL STABLE
HANLON A SLIGHT FAVORITE
OVER CLEVER BENNY YANGER
Featherweights to Meet a Second Time in a Twenty- Round
Contest in Mechanics' Pavilion and Followers of Both
Men Are. Betting Heavily on Outcome of the Encounter
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY. SEPTEMBER 29,, 1903.
8
A TTUIpTR-TT^ V. M V. M Tfi.
MWJOfSTiREDJ&fa
NEVER RESTEj|Pjl
To be tired out from hard work or bodily /^fT^Q|p /^IF^M
exercise is natural and rest is the remedy, but %Xn^^A<> |/@J8*|!
there is an exhaustion without physical exer- y^^^S^M^S^
tion and a tired, never-rested feeling — a weari- ! -\'
ness without work that is unnatural and shows Pk x^^^^l ""i/ail 1
some serious disorder is threatening the health. One of the chief causes o!
that "Always-tired, never-rested condition" is impure blood and bad circu-
lation. Unless the body is nourished with rich, pure blood there is lack of
nervous force, the mus- „ ,_.„\u2666_
cles rierntn*»rt7«^t- \u2666tm AX For over four years I Buffered with general debility,
cies pecome weak, the dl- causing a thorough breaking down of my system. Jly
gestion impaired, and cousin, who had been benefited by S. S. 8., told ma
sreneral tW^rA^r VJ^7«s about «• I tried il *** ll cured me. I heartily re-
generai disorder OCCUrS commend S. S. 8. to all who may feel the need of *
throughout the SVStem " thoroughly good blood tonic. Yours truly.
Debility, insomni? n er- 44 w.Wath it, o*m£&S5* *" ""***"•
vousness, indigestion,
dyspepsia, loss of appetite, strength and energy, and the hundreds of littla
SJ— i^ ailments we often have are due directly to a bad con-
V^^ CO? dition of the blood and circulation, and the quickest
wa X *° g e * "d of them is by purifying and building
Km \j up.the blood, and for this purpose no remedy equals
r S. S. S., which contains the best ingredients for
cleansing the blood and toning up the system. It is a vegetable blood purifier
and tonic combined, that enriches the blood, and through it the entire system
ia nourished and refreshing sleep comes to the tired, never-rested, body.
. ___ THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO.* ATLANTA, GAaOAKLAND. Sept. 28.— The congregation
of the First English . Lutheran Church of
this city has adopted resolutions asking
their pastor, the Rev.' William Kelly, to
reconsider his resignation. The members
of the church are very anxious to retain
Dr. Kelly. \u25a0 - A : committee comprised . of
Mrs. Bittle Myers. C. E. Colmore and J.
C. 1 . Walling was appointed to call on the
minister and present the resolutions.
Want Minister to .Stay.
NEW YORK— Arrived . Sept 28— Slmr La
Champagne, from Havre; stmr Ethiopia, from
GliaBSo* and Movme;~~ ' " * '-'-*-'• • ' \u25a0\u25a0.
ANTWERP — Arrived Sept 28— Btmr Vader-
Jacd. from New York,
OCEAN STEAMERS
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE — Arrived Bept 28— Stmr Edith,
hence Sept 24. V
. . Monday, September 28.
Stmr Centennial. Klitgaard, 78 hours from
Seattle. - .
Late Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
OAKLAND, Sept. 28.— W. P. Byrd. a
Southern Pacific switchman, . charged
with assault, was taken back to San An
tonio, Texas, to-day by a<deputy sheriff
of that city.
Byrd Taken to San Antonio.
OAKLAND, Sept. 23.— The Southern Pa
clfio Company has commenced the con
struction of a large number of tracks,
switches and sidings on its property south
of the Seventh street local line, between
First and Seventh avenues. The land Is
being networked with tracks and there
will be at least three miles of road laid
before tha space has been occupied. These
tracks will be used for storing freight cars
to relieve In part the congestion In the
West Oakland yards. The company in
tends to Increase the facilities at the new
yard soon. For the better accommodation
of travel the Seventh street local tracks
will be straightened east of Clinton sta
tion to Brooklyn. The East Oakland
freight depot will be moved north of the
local tracks and sidings will be built for
storing the Seventh street and Alameda
local trains, _ . •
OPENS FREIGHT YARDS
AT EAST OAKLAND
ROME, Sept. 28.— Negotiations for the
participation of " the Vatican In the St.
Louis Exposition are proceeding satisfac
torily. It is considered probable . that the
Holy See shall send as its representative
a Cardinal of the Curia. The chief diffi
culty Is that the traditions and etiquette
of the Vatican are against sending Car
dinals, except ablegates. to foreign coun
tries, and they are never sent to exposi
tions or fairs. The difficulty will probably
be overcome by sending a "Cardinal to
America in connection with church 'af
fairs and he will afterward proceed; to St.
Louis, thus paying to the United States
the papacy's highest tribute, .
Negotiations for Participation of
Vatican in the Big Fair Pro
gressing Satisfactorily.
CABBINAL OF CUEIA
MAY ATTEND EXPOSITION
ALAMEDA. Sept. 2S.-\Vith a volunteer
bucket brigade Captain F. J. Hunt ex
tinguished a fierce blaze that broke out
last evening in the hold of the British
ship Thalatta, lying up off the north end
of Lafayette street In the estuary. Cap
tain Hunt, who lives at 1S16 Lafayette
ttreet. was called by the watchman on
the vessel after the flames were discov
ered. Some of the ship's stores and a
quantity of liquor were destroyed.
Quench Fire in Ship's Hold.
OAKLAND, Sept. 28.— Petition to be ap
pointed administratrix of the estate left
by Edwin F. H. Dimmlck, who died re
cently In the Contra Costa hills, waa filed
by his widow to-day. The estate consists
of Jewelry and money to the extent of
about $500. ,
Dimmick's Estate.
Plumbers Will Meet Again.
OAKLAND. Sept. 2S.— The plumbers and
health officials will hold their second
meeting to discuss the proposed plumbing
ordinance to-morrow night in th« Board
of Health rooms. All plumbers are Invit
ed to be present. The presidents of the
Master Plumbers* and Journeymen
Plumbers' associations have appointed in
formal committees to attend these meet
ings. The proposed ordinance is to be
framed to meet the sanitary conditions
the city.
OAKLAND. Sept. 28.— The following
marriage licenses were issued by the
County Clerk to-day: Joe S. Machado,
aged 26 years, and Mary Furtado. 21, both
of Oakland: Gustave D. L. Rathke, over
21. and Mary T. Ross, over 18. both of
Oakland; Elcan E. Bonnifield, 24, and
Emma H. Llcht. 26. both of San Fran
cisco; William C. Lyon, 20. Honolulu, and
Myrtle Striker. 18. Berkeley: Henry De
wind. 35. and Hilda Johnson. 34, both of
San Mateo; Clarence H. Lancaster, 23,
and Bertha I. Bouterious, 20. both of Oak
land.
Marriage Licenses.
It, was learned that Haible about four
months ago sold his Interest in the Mis
sion Brewery for'$4000. He was unmar
ried.* Miss Matilda Heyman of 774 Geary
street was a relative of Haible.
It was not Matthew Gerko who jumped
oft the cliff at Lands End last Sunday.
The first identification was made by
friends' of a man of that name, but a
later identification made yesterday morn-
Ing at the Morgue proved that the first
was a mistake and that the unfortunate
man who committed suicide in that tragic
manner was Constantine Haible. The
Identification was made by Joseph Gum
per. a neDhew of Haible. and later on
was confirmed by several other persons.
. Halble's bankbook and his will were
taken in charge, by the Public Adminis
trator. The will was made on Septem
ber 11 by W. T. Hess of the law firm of
Harris & Hess at the request. of Haible.
He srives $100 to Marie Limes of Rocka
way Beach, Long Island, and all his re
maining property to his sister. Marie Hai
ble, of S2 St. Marks place. New York.
Mr. Hess said yesterday ''that Haible
seemed to be la good spirits when he left
the office.
Remains Positively Identified as
Those of Constantine Haible, a
Recently Retired Brewer. .
NOT MATTHEW GERKE WHO
JUMPED OFF THE CLIFF
OAKLAND. Sept. 2S.— Kiyusuke Tuya.
a- Japanese youth supposed to be Insane,
attempted to commit suicide this mom-
J-njf in hi* room at £33 Sixteenth street
by cu-ttinsr his throat with a penknife.
He succeeded in cutting Into his wind
pipe, but .the injury is not serious. The
J^unacy Commissioners will examine the
patient.
Japanese Attempts Suicide.
OAKLAND, Sept. 28.— A decree of di
vorce was granted to-day by Judge Mel
vln to Walter J. Edwards from Maude V.
Edwards on the ground of desertion. He
is also given the custody of a child.
Husband Given Divorce.
OAKLAND. Sept. 2S— The Rev. H. B.
Mowtray has resigned from the Fruitvale
Congregational Church to assume the po
eiUon of assistant rector of the First
Congregational Church in this city. Be
fore, entering upon his new duties the
minister VAX go to Ohio, where he is to be
married.
Pastor Iieaves Fruitvale.
Henry Miller was acquitted by a jury
in Judge Dunne's court last night on a
charge of robbery. Miller and Muldoon
McDonald were arrested and charged
with robbing Joseph Bird. The case)
against McDonald will be tried next week.
Henry Miller Acquitted.
BERKELEY, Sept. 2S.— Town Marshal
Keens to-night announced at the meeting
of 'the Town Board of Trustees that he
would appoint deputy marshals to protect
telephone company employes who are
working ,to repair the serious damage
done by wire cutting and other interfer
ence with telephone lines in Berkeley.
Will Guard Linemen.
I have never been associated with a high
school and consequently know very Kttle of
fraternities. They do. it Is true, tend to create
a narrow exduslveness. But as to curbing
them I do not think it within the power or
the Board of Education. Fraternities might
exist outside of the school and thus be be
yond tb« board's Jurisdiction.
Superintendent of Schools J. W. Mc-
Clymomls, when asked for his views on
the Question, said:
I think that \u25a0 if the word "unmitigated,"
accentuating hla statement that fraternities
are nuisances, •was cut out of Mr.- Brown's
sermon I should say that what he said about
"f rats'* -was mainly right, ana that our views
In the main coincide. There is not, however,
at present any condition in tho fraternity ques-»
tlon that would warrant the Board -ct educa
tion taking any t>teps for their abolition.
That is a question that should W dealt with
entirely by the parents of the students.
The fraternity has its good features and Its
evil features. . Yet, at present, th* traternltles
Jn this hleh school do not Interfere with the
educational interests. . Still they are a danger
ous factor. They have to bo tlosely watched,
the eood In them encouraged and \u25a0' the evil
Etamped out.
I should not permit my children to Join a
high school fraternity. They do create I a
spirit of narrow ezclusiveness, but not so
much as In years gone by. There are so many
"frats" now that the spirit of bl^-otry has
been largely eliminated. There ar», of course,
rabid "trat" men and rabid "antl-frat" men.
These win always eslst. Still, at our last
school election It was noticeable that a strictly
non-partisan ticket won out.
This fraternity question is one that needs
a great deal of consideration before discussion
and I don't think that those in our. high
school at present would warrant much dis
cussion.
James H. Pond, principal of the Oak
land High School, agrees In the main
with the Rev. Charles P». Brown, pastor
cf the First Congregational Church, In
the clergyman's criticisms of 6chool
"frata." In *the course of an interview
to-day Principal Pond said:
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway. Sept. 28.
OAKLAND, Sept. 2S.— Herman Furst. a
pioneer merchant, died at the age of 64
years at his residence at 1011 Webster
street this morning. He leaves a wife
end four children. Deceased was a native
of Germany and well known in Oakland's
business world. The funeral will take
I'lace to-mcrrow afternoon at 2 o'clock,
with interment at the Jewish Cemetery,
adjoining Jtfounta'.n View.
Pioneer Business Man Dead.
Four licenses were granted the South
ern Pacific Railway to-day for bars on
the ferrv-boats. C. H. Attel, J. H. For
tune James Coates, Slgmund Leckham
and 'Barbara Baumgartner were granted
licenses to conduct saloons along the San
Leandro road.' The petition of Coates was
contested and resulted in a division In
the board, in which Supervisors .Rowe,
Horner and Kelly voted for granting the
license, while Mitchell and Talcott op
posed it.
The new law will make It mandatory
upon a man wishing to get a license to
have on his petition the names of his
six nearest neighbors. There will be a
provision for the publication of his peti
tion before It Is considered by the board
and when a protest has once been made
it will have to stand upon its merits with
out opportunity to make endless amend
ments.
The trouble has been brought about
over the operation of the local option
law In Brooklyn Township, where the
matter of granting licenses to roadhouses
along the San Leandro road has been a
constant source of wrangling. The salient
features of the 61d law will be retained,
but there will be conditions in the pro
posed new law which will make impos
sible many of the arguments that can
be raised for and against tho granting
of licenses. .'I. .;*
Tho Board of Supervisors has decided
to amend the present liquor license ordi
nance, which, owing to the looseness of
Its construction, gives opportunity where
there is a clash over the granting of
licenses to contestants to make a pro
longed struggle, some such having lasted
for months. After a lengthy executive
session this morning It was decided that
it was about time to change the law.
The board referred the matter to Dis
trict Attorney Allen with a rough draft
of the chances it wishes made In the
law as a basis for a new ordinance.
Oakland OfBce San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Sept. 28.
ALAMEDA, Sept. 28.— Lawrence V.
Hogeboom. a pioneer marine engineer and
conspicuously identified with bay and
! river steamtoating during the early days
J of California, completed life's voyage at
h'.s home, 117S Broadway, yesterday. Ha
came to the Pacific Coast In 1£L2 as an en
gineer on the steamer Brother Jonathan,
which was later lost in northern waters.
After following his occupation en vessels
running to Panama and Nicaragua for
I some years, Mr. Hogeboom engaged In
| bay and river transportation. He super
j vised the installation of the engines and
I boilers in the large ferry-boat Solano, and
j was employed for a time by the Califor
i nla Navigation Company. Another posi
j tion that Mr. Hogeboom once held was
that of chief engineer in the United States
Mint at San Francisco. Deceased retired
from active life sixteen years ago. He was
a native of Xew York, aged 76 years. He
is survived by a wife and brother, Frank
Hogeboom of Sacramento.
L. V. Hogeboom, Prominent in Pio
neer Shipping, Dies at His
Alameda Home.
OLD MARINE ENGINEER
ENDS LIFE'S VOYAGE
An entertainment and dance was given
last night by the Amateur Athletic League
of San Francisco at Armory Hall. Ellis
Btreet. The following was the programme
of the entertainment, which was hugely
enjoyed by a large party:
Openine address. Tom O'Leary, president:
violin solo, "ilunn's Second Mazurka," Count
Fred ron Martens (La Union CTub); Indian
clubs, Charles J. O'Connor <ArIylngton Clut»;
son?, "In the Shade of the Palms," Miss Al
freiia Lahl: "La Maritana." La Union Mando
lin Club— Mandolin. Miss Ethel Cavltt: bandu
rla. Master Medardo Garcia; guitars. Miss Ger
trude Cavitt^Mattios C.arcia; imitator, J. Ew».
wald (ArlyinKton Club).
Athletes Entertain Friends.
Agrees That High School
Fraternities Are
Nuisances.
Supervisors Propose to
Stop Unnecessary
Wrangliog.
Similar rioting on the part of the Ar
menians occurred recently near Ellzabeth
pol 'and at Baku and Kars.
OAKLAND, Sept. 28.— John Hallahan
and W. P. Ward, striking telephone com
pany linemen, have sworn to complaints
against telephone company employes as
follows: Hugh Carpenter, vulgar lan
guage; Lionel Moreal. William Gardener
and E. G. Bush, battery- The men had a
general fight, the outcome of a wordy
war in front of the telephone company's
offices at Twelfth and Washington
streets. Bush declares that Hallahan and
Ward invited a ficht and were given a
sound thrashing. " '
Constable Ed Weldler to-day appointed
as deputy Constables Edmund Hill and
George Brown, employes of the telephone
company.
Strikers Make Complaint.
Miss Julia Welsh. Miss Corinne .John
son, Miss Edith Swain and Mrs. William
Carson Shaw, wife of the rector of the
parish, are among those who will appear
as|gyp'sles. The guild officers are: Presi
dent, Mrs. Shaw; secretary. Miss Welsh.
Others who will assist are Mrs. A. K.
Crawford/ Mrs. Elliott Barrlngton Davis
and Mrs. Robert Findlay Stewart. A
string band will discourse music. The
church choir and the Elks' double quartet
will be heard in appropriate- numbers.
Miss Florence Darby. Mr. Waggoner, Ed
ward Olney. Miss White and Dr. A. K.
Crawford have volunteered to give mu
sical selections. From numerous booths
sweets and Icecreams will be served and
dusky maidens will reveal the future to
those who seek to cast aside the veil.
The large tennis court on the grounds
has been converted into a veritable gypsy
camp. Central -is an affective caldron
where will boll and bubble a delicious
concoction to be served by gypsy girls
garbed In the semi-barbaric costumes of
the Romany wanderers. Striking apparel,
with headdress and gewgaws of the vag
rant tribes, will adorn those who have
accepted the parts for the evening among
the fortune tellers and the witches of the
dark skinned race. .
The young peonle in the parish have
taken charge of the programme and they
have enlisted- a large number of talented
friends to assist In carrying, to success
ful end tho theme of the affair. There
will be gypsy songs and gypsy music
from well known vocalists and instru
mentalists, with* Just enough of modern
things to make a contrast. Decorations
will be in keeping with the night.
. Church of the Advent Choir Guild
have planned "A Night in Bohemia."
which will be given Saturday evening
next on the spacious grounds at the resi
dence of Miss Edith Swain, 1505 Tenth
avenue. The unique event promises to
be not only highly entertaining in the
novelty of the affair but quite a society
function, as many of the best people have
taken a keen Interest in the plans for the
evening's, programme.
OAKLAND. Sept. 28.— In the fan
tastic weirdness of the nomadic
and romantic gypsy life of for
" est and field the ladies of the
CLEVER AMATEURS WHO
WILL APPEAR IN "A NIGHT
IN BOHEMIA."
OAKjuAND. Sept. 2S.— Police Judge
Smith sustained a demurrer this morning
*n the -sase of Dr. W. H. Funeton.
charped with practicing veterinary sur
gery and medicine without a license.
The demurrer was presented by Attor
ney Eugene Trefethen, who contended
that the statutes do not require a man to
take out a license when he has a diploma,
Fvs stated that the statute, as amended In
3903, makes it a misdemeanor for a man
to practice veterinary surgery and medi
*cine wfihout a diploma or without taking
the examination of the State board. It
does not require one who already has a
diploma to secure a license.
Dr. Funston was discharged. The pros
ectrtion made no effort to sustain its
charges.
D* W. H^ Fuiston Is Declared Not
Guilty of Practicing Profes
sion Without License.
VETERINARY STJSGEON
IS GIVEN STANDING
TIFLIS. Russian Trans-Caucasia, Sept.
23.— The transfer of the property of tho
Armenian church at Shusha to the Rus
sian authorities, according to the im
perial decree issued June 25, has been at
tended by a conflict between Armenians
and Cossacks. Excited Armenians made
a demonstration in front of the residence
of the Governor and stoned a detach
ment of Cossacks who attempted to dis
perse them. Small crowds on the bal
conies and roofs of houses in the neigh
borhood were answered by a volley from
the Cossacks. According to the official
accounts, two Cossacks and one rioter
were killed, but the Armenians, in tha
darkness, carried oft a number ©C
wounded persons.
ASMENIAK.S AOT> COSSACKS
MEET IN DEADLY CONFLICT
The marriage happened in July, and
those who knew of it managed to keep It
quiet until a few days ago.
Miss Priestley is the daughter of Mr.
and Mrs. J. H. Priestley, and became en-
Pciged to a young man named Edward
Duart, son of a San Francisco commission
merchant. Last summer Duart went
East. During his absence his fiancee, her
sister Maud and Carrol J. Orton of Oak
land and a party of young friends went to
San Rafael on a little jaunt. While there,
on a wager and in a spirit of what Miss
Priestley called fun, she was married to
Orton, who Is a member of the First Cal
ifornia Regiment.
Shortly afterward her promised husband
returned, and was surprised and angered
to find among the marriage licenses in a
San Rafael paper the name of his intend
ed bride. Full of wrath, he went to Miss
Priestley's home and found her Mrs. Or
ton. She admitted the marriage and said
that It was done in a spirit of fun. Duart
failed, however, to see the fun and left
her to her husbar.d.
Sire. Orton says she still loves Duart,
although he Is now lost to her.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway, Sept. 28.
Miss Edna Priestley of Fitchburg. a lit
tle village near Eimhurst, married a man,
as she says, in fun and on a wager while
her lover, to whom 6he was engaged, was
away on a vacation. She now repents her
tasty act and says she still loves her first
flame.
The University of California received
Information to-day that David Prescott
Barrows, a graduate of the University,
had been appointed Superintendent of In
struction of the Whole Philippine archi
pelago, vice Dr. E. B. Bryan, who re
cently resigned from that Important posi
tion. The appointment of Mr. Barrows
is a flattering commentary on bis ability
and a distinct recognition of his services
to the school government in the islands.
•Mr. Barrows was graduated from the
University of California with the class of
1SS5 and subsequently granted the degree
of Ph. D. by the University of Califor
nia. In 1900, while instructor in the San
Diego Normal School, he was appointed
head of the Bureau of Non-Christian
Tribes under Superintendent of Insular
Instruction Atkinson. Subsequently he
was elevated to the superintendency of
the School Department cf Manila, which
also included the administration of the
Bureau of Indian Affairs. On account of
his scientific ability he was chosen also
to organize the Philippine Museum, which
ts devoted to commerce and ethnology,
and of which he is still a director.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, Sept. 28.
POND ACCEPTS
BROWN'S VIEWS
Dr. Walkley has been assistant rector
of Grace Church of New York for three
years. Previous to accepting the call to
Grace Church tifc was for six years rector
of a church at Elmlra. N. Y. He Is a
Southerner by birth and Is highly recom
mended as a- pulpit speaker. He is 85
years of age and has been married four
years. At the next meeting of the vestry
the acceptance of Dr. Walkley will be
formally acted upon. Dr. Walkley has
begun preparations for the trip to the
coast.
The Rev. Charles Thomas Walkley of
New York has accepted a call to the rec
torship of St. Paul's Episcopal Church.
Since the death of the Rev. Robert Ritch
ie, formerly rector of the church, the pul
pit has been filled by the Rev. Mr. Hulme.
assistant rector of the church.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Sept. 28."
FAVOR CHANGES
IN LIQUOR LAW
The Injured: J. A. Newton, mail clerk,
fatally; J. E. Eddihgton, mall clerk, fa
tally; C. P. Sherman, mail clerk, may
recover; H. G. Dykes, mail clerk, back
sprained and internal Injuries: W. H.
Roakes, express messenger, slight:
Stout, baggageman, slight; B. E. Martin,
baggageman, foot smashed, internal In
juries.
CHATTANOOGA, Tenn., Sept. 28.—Cin
cinnati Southern passenger train No. 2,
which left Chattanooga at 2 a, m. to-day,
ran Into a cow. at Glenn Mary, Tenn., 120
miles north of Chattanooga, and the en
gine,- two mail cars, baggage, car and
express car left the track and rolled
down a steep embankment.
Engineer Frank Parker was Instantly
killed and seven men were badly Injured,
two fatally. The dead:
ENGINEER FRANK PARKER.
David P. Barrows Heads
Island Educational
Department.
New York Clergyman
to Take Long- Vacant"
Rectorship.
Edna Priestley Marries
Carrol J. Orton in
Spirit of Fun.
Engine Strikes Animal
and Plunge^ Down an
Embankment.
Mother Failing to Have any\Influ
o ' ence Over Daughter Seeks
A^fl From Courts.
• OAKLAND. Sept. K. — Gertrude •Coffin.
s the. sixteen-year-old daughter of Mrs. G.
Coffin «>f llOSVi Broadway, who has been
detained in the City. Prison at the in
ptaJ.ce of her mother, will be charged
v;ith vaRraacy. The mother, being unable
to control the girl, had Cyrus W. Bry
*»anr. a family friend, prefer the charges.
Mjss Coffin, who is said to be heiress to
, m A. valuable estate left by her father In
Ptnnsylvar.fa. became staerestruck and
* secured a position .posing for living pic
• ures in local variety shows. She was
about to run away to Salt Lake to meet
a rr-an. there when her mother asked the
pollce«*o Ftop her. She was taken to Jail
and on promising to mend her ways wae
released. The spirit of waywardness still
, clu:»K to her. however, and resulted in her
\u25a0Brother's latest move.
• WAYX7ABD GIRL TO BE
- . CHAEGED WITH VAGRANCY
ACCEPTS CALL
TO ST. PAUL'S
DIRECTS INSULAR
SCHOOL AFFAIRS
Prettl's story has failed of corrobora
tlon in the main element— the finding of
the body. Half a dozen men scoured the
canyon to-day In search of the remains.
Prettl was Induced to go to- the scene, but
after failing to recover any body, de
clared that it must have been removed.
John Sullivan, near whose ranch Prettt
located the body in his tale, declared to
day that the story was without founda
tion. Neither Coroner Mehnnann of this
county nor Coroner Curry of Contra CosAa
County has any information on the sub
ject. They do not credit a word of tha
boy's story. Pretti lives in Alden.
OAKLAND. Sept. 2S.— With a variety In
his stories that does credit to his imagina
tion, Joseph Prettl, 15 years old, has set
the officials of two counties agog with
the narrative of his alleged finding of a
man's body in Wild Cat Creek Canyon,
near the Sweet Brier Dairy, across tha
line In Contra Costa County. Prettl has
variously claimed that he saw a gun bursf
and kill the man; that he found the body
after an accident had occurred; that he
had taken the body to the Berkeley
branch morgue; that he had sent It to
Martinez, and lastly that he had been
ordered by an undertaker to care for the
body, the supposed undertaker having no
existence In fact.
TELLS UNVERIFIED TALE
ABOUT A MAN'S »B0DY
WAGER GETS HER
WRONG HUSBAND
To Play for Championship of 'World
PITTSBURG. Pa.. Sept. 28.—The Pitts
burg Baseball Club, champions of the Na
tional League, left to-night for Boston,
where they will on Thursday begin a
series of nine games for the champion
ship of the world with the Boston team,
pennant winners of the American League.
PHILADELPHIA, Sept. 28.— Kid Carter
and Gus Ruhlin fought a hard six-round
draw bout to-night at the Washington
Sporting- Club. Carter was the aggressor
In five of the six rounds, but Ruhlin
evened matters by giving the most pun
ishment. Ruhlin weighed 194»£ pounds
and Carter 171&
Carter and EnhJin Fight a Draw.
Gray was afterward released by tho
police, but Hein has declared his intention
of swearing out a warrant for the arrest
of the man who attempted to strike him
witb. the chair.
According to a statement of the affair
given to the police by Hcin, who Is an
old time saloon man and familiarly known
as "Sharkey," the quartet became very
noisy in his place and when they ordered
drinks he refused to give them any more.
This enraged them and one of them
picked up a chair and dashed at Hein.
who jumped behind hi3 counter and so
curing a revolver fired at them and tha
bullet took effect in Gray's arm.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
HIS Broadway, Sept. 23.
Four young men started a row in the
saloon of William Hem on Sixteenth
avenue this morning and Joseph Gray was
shot in the forearm by a bullet from
Heln's pistol. Gray went to the Receiving
Hospital to have his wound dressed,
where he gave the name of Frank John
son, and Bald that he was just going Into
the place and while pushing opeja the
door heard a pistol shot inside the saloon
and felt the sting of the bullet in hla
arm. Policeman I. D. Tobln happened to
drop into the hospital on his rounds, re
cognized Gray and immediately began an
Investigation. After Gray"s wound had
been dressed he was sent to JalL
TRAIN DISASTER
IS DUE TO A COW
Some Interest was aroused by Lord Al
verstono asking- Robinson If he could
prove that the coast mentioned In article
seven referred exclusively to the strip
which Russia was to obtain by the treaty.
Lord Alverstone confessed that the point
"troubled" him, and said that if Robinson
could " adduce -a convincing argument on
that point ho would greatly strengthen
the Canadian case. Robinson promised to
deal with the matter at a later stage.
After luncheon Robinson became so fa
tigued that he nearly fainted, and stimu
lants had to be administered to hinl Hi3
failing voice and growing pallor prompted
Lord Alverstone to adjourn the session
earlier than usual. Robinson, who is 75
years of age, pluckily insisted that he
was able to continue. Stimulants again
had to be administered to Robinson, and
it is probable that he will not continue
to-morrow.
Then, at a nod from tho Lord Chief Jus
tice, Christopher Robinson, K. C. rose
and commenced his speech In behalf of
the Canadian claims.
Watson left the hall looking greatly
fatigued after his prolonged efforts.
LONDON. Sept 28.— The opening of the
third week of the sessions of the Alaskan
Boundary Commission found D._T. Wat
son of American counsel continuing his
presentation of the case. He concluded at
12:25 p. m., after speaking since Wednes
day afternoon. Lord Chief Justice Alver
stone expressed the appreciation of the
Commissioners, saying:
"Thank you for your very powerful ar
gument."
The suit was brought by Talbot J. Tay
lor & Co.. acting for James R. Keene, to
restrain the stocks cf the Southern Pa
cilic held by the Union Pacific Railroad
Company from being voted at the coming
meeting of the Southern Pacific Company,
on the ground' that such exercise of con
trol by a parallel and competing line was
contrary to law.
The case was decided against Taylor &
Co. in a lower court, but was appealed
and by consent was taken directly to the
highest Federal court. The argument was
to have been made on October 1.
NEW YORK, Sept. 2S. -Edward Lauter
fcach of counsel for Talbot J. Tarlor &
Co. confirms the report that the suit
brought by the latter firm acainst the
Southern Pacilic road has been settled.
I^auterbach says that the appeal In the
case has been discontinued and an order
to that effect will be filed In the Federal
courts at Cincinnati this week.
{TEW HAVEN. Conn.. Sept. CS.-Claa in
uniforms of blue and pray, emblematic of
fhe reunion as comrades of men formerly
separated by sectional strife, 1000 soldiers
of the Spanish-American War marched In
parade to-day as a preliminary to the
fcpenir.g cf tlie fourth annual assembly of
the National Army and Navy Spanish
SVar Veterans. They were reviewed by
veterans "of the Grand Army of the Re
public, State and city officers and by
President Hadley of Yale University. The
first 'assemblage of th« day. aside from
the Sany informal ?:atherinss, was that
•of -the council of administration, which
met at .the New Haven House.
Jleports of work accomplished during
the >;ear were submitted to the council
End were referred to the convention for
acceptance.
The report of the commander in chief.
Colonel Urell of Washington. D. C, who
was unable to be In attendance on ac
count "of iHftess. -was also read. He called
attention to the delinquency in the pay
ment of the per capita tax and rccom
irieruipd that »steps be taken to remedy
this* condition of affairs. He expressed
ftrohg hope that the movement for the
cunalgaraation of the Spanish War Vet
erans f.lth other organizations will be
Euccessfully consummated.
The council devoted much of Its time
to listening* to statements regarding the
amalgamation of all bodies of Spanish
"War veterans, and- while no conclusions
vere reached, there will bo recommenda
tions made to the convention.
O'nc cf the important matters discussed
by -the cour-11 was the proposed estab
lishment, probably In Washington, of a
memorial Institution for the male de
scendants of Spanish War veterans. The
subjects will be presented to the conven
tion- to-morrow. I.t Is expected that Colo
i nel p. C. M-:Grew, cenior commander In
chief, will be elected commander in chief
to Colonel Urfell.
Attorney Robinson of Cana
dian Counsel Overtaxes
His Strength.
Oomijaander - *n - Chief Urell
• Unable to Attend Owing
„ to Illness.
William Hein Effectively Uses
Pi3tol to Protect Him
self.
Taylor & Co. Dismiss Suit
to Prevent Voting of
Certain Stock.
Men Who Took Part in
Spanish War Gather
* ° at New Haven.
Joseph Gray Receives
a Bullet in His
Forearm.
Boundary Commission
Appreciates His Able
Speech.
Action Brought Against
Southern Pacific Is
Settled.
Ladies of Church of the Advent Choir Guild Plan Fantastic Enter
tainment on the Grounds at the Residence of Miss Edith
Swain, Where Gayety and Music Will Fill the Passing Hours
WOUNDED DURING
SALOON QUARREL
ARMY AND NAVY
VETERANS MEET
RAILROAD GAINS
A LEGAL VICTORY
ROMANTIC SIDE OF GYPSY'S LIFE
TO BE SHOWN IN "NIGHT IN BOHEMIA"
WATSON CLOSES
HIS ARGUMENT
... _
THE SAlf IKAKCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 29, 1903.
9
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DR. CHARLES FLESH FOOD
Fop the Form and Complexion.
Has been euccess-
j£4*J&£&^ tully used by le*d-
f£gj£? &•\u25a0** ln s: actresses. b1c«-
/TQjP er " * n^ cornea of
LfSfc'rm -fuStl fashion for mor*
Vvffgf *^ \u25a0.^\u25a0a than 2S yr an.
\wja mf t* Wherever applied
' ' V~> I ll ia icataatljr ab-
~* »orbe<l through th*
w# pore» of the skin.
jrf f aj><l itf wonderful
jP V nutrition feeds th*.
.f^ \* ' wafiUnr tl»rnes.
/ BdfOTZNO
Y^jtX^ >£ ST2XFZ.ZS
* * 2i dvTZ* »n application often
I I J f/K. . A A ' thowlng a remark-
*~*-™\*~T\l able Improvement.
DK CHARLES FLESH FOOD ia positively
th* only preparation known to medical «cieac«
that will rouad out bo!low» m the neck acd
produce firm, healthy flesh on thin cheek*.
*rrr.£ and hand*-
FO b sEVKXtOpnro- rar bust
Or breasta shrunken from nurslr.g; u h*, th*
r»chMt indorsement of physician*. Two boxe«
i™ often .sufficient to mak* th. bu« firm.
e tD^B^THB U EMPORrCM ANb OTHER
DEPARTMENT STORES AND DRUGGISTS.
I£d S XXto* ™ W« send two ( 2 r? 0 «.*
'A A eatnple bos and our book,
F R tt» "ART OF MASSAGE." fully r.lua!
trat-d. will be *«=t tnm to any Uuly »*ncina-
to cents to pay Cor cot of mail! a*. A£Mr.«j
• BB. CEAKLE3 CO- » F»rk riwe, Hew Ijik.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"your success
In life depends largely on your
health. Therefore, if you have
stomach trouble of any sort you
are badly handicapped. Get rid
of it at once by taking Hostetter's
Stomach Bitters. It has cured
thousands of other cases, in the
past and certainly won't fail you.
It positively cures Dyspepsia, In-
digestion, Constipation, Belching,
Heartburn, or any o.ther ailment
arising from a weak stomach.
Don't fail t;o try it. Good health
is sure to follow.
HOSTETTER'S
STOMACH BITTERS.
ARTIFICIAL TEETH AT COST.
We guarantee to fit the hardest mouths aad
furnish a serviceable, natural looking set er
teeth for the mere cost of \ material. Teeth
Wltbout Plates a Specialty. v Gold, Silver and
bone fillings.-
Extraction Free. Cleaning Teeth Free.
Painless Methods. Graduates Only.
Week Pays. 9 to 9. Sundays, ft to 1.
POST-G3ADUATE DENTAL COIiiEaS
Eaa. Francisco— 3 Taylor Street.
Oakland — 973 Washington Street.
San Jose— 45 East Saute Clara Street,TUESDAY, SEPT. 29.
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 2!
minutes later than at Forf Point; the heigh
of tide is the eame at both places.
OCEANIC STEAMSHIP COM
PANY'S LINER VENTURA
ENTERING THE HARBOR.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey
Time, and Heights, of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
Sun, Moon and Tide.
The Andora, from Baltimore to tqulque ar
rived at the latter port yesterday, having 'been
out 160 days. She was on the reinsurance list
at 60 per cent. The rate on the Norwegian
bark Catharlna, 117 'days from Puget Sound
Overdue Andora Arrives.
A dispatch from London, dated September
2S, states that the British ship Bawodle. from
Chemanls. British Columbia, arrivnd at Cape
Town with the loss of her deck load.
\u2666 \u25a0
Loses Deck Load.
The Pacific Mail steamship China will sail
to-day at 1 o'clock for the Orient. During
the four months she has been laid up the has
been thoroughly overhauled and her machinery
renovated and placed In first-class 6hane at
an expense of over $100,000. She carries about
130 first-class passengers, including a number
of round-the-world tourists, a Cook's tourist
party of twelve and a number of missionaries
Her cargo consists of 3200 tons of freight, in
cluding 1400 tons of flour.
China Will Sail for Orient To-Bay
The cabin pa*seniers were T,. W. Abbott,
Major H. W. Benson. Nathan Bentz. P. G.
Bentz, T. Craven. B. R. Curtis. C. Cuttrlss,
Mrs. S. T. Fisher, N. Gammon. B. Quggen
hPim. Miss Sue F. Gullck, Mrs. M. E. Hall.
W. C. Hartrldge, Mrs. F. D. Johnson, Emtle
Krujr. Lieutenant F. M. Leake (R. N.), J.
McMuIlen. Mrs. J. McMulIen, J. P. du Motel,
Rev. D. Park. Mrs. D. Park, Miss Mary Park.
K. L«. Kbbertaon, Mrs. O. P. Itoblnaon, Edward
Rosenberg. K. Seko. A. B. Switzer. E. W.
Tllden, Alexander Tison and Mrs. A. F. Wood
sum.
Among her passengers were W. C. Hart
ri<lBe. who was returning from the Caroline
Islands; E. W. Tllden, the steamship com
pany's agent at Hongkong; C. Cuttriss. who
has been In Manila In the Interest of- the
Commercial-Pacific Cable Company, and Ed
ward Ros-nbcrg. secretary of the Federated
Trades, who hae been for 6everal months In
Honolulu.
She brings 2000 tons of freight. Including
1200 tons of tea and CO cases of opium.
There were 105 Chinese and two Japanese in
the steerare.
The Occidental and Oriental Steamship Com
pany's Doric arrived in port yesterday after
noon at 3 o'clock and landed her passengers
shortly after 5 p. m. Nothing of any. special
moment happened during the voyage. She
ma/io the trip from Hongkong in 27 days and
17 hours, being 16 days and 16 hours from
Yokohama and 6 days and 45 minutes from
Honolulu.
Doric Arrives From Hongkong.
Shipping Intelligence.
AKIUVED.
Monday, ' September 28.
Stmr Rita . Newman. Verrey, 17 days from
Bristol Bay.
Stmr Ruth, Reed, 10 hours from Bowens
Landtwr. bound to San Pedro; put in to land
passengers.
Stmr South Coast, Olsen. 16 hours from
Little River,. bound south: called in for orders.
• Stmr Signal, Bendegrard. 43 ' hours from Re
dondo. • \u25a0 •
Stmr Coos' Bay, Nlcolson, '63 hours from
Newport.
Stmr Rival. McClementa, 73 hours from Wll
lapa..
"It thall never be thaid that the petty
thpiie of the thmall-thouled villain hath
dlthablod the Newth, and if thith meet
the eye of the doteth table rathcal we beg
to athure him that the underethtlmateth
the rcihouronh of a firth clath newth
paper v.hen he thinkth he can cripple it
hopclethly by breaking into the alphabet.
Wo take occathion to thay to him, fur
thermore, that before next Thurthday we
will have three tlmoth ath many etheth
ath he thtole."— Richardson (Tex.) Echo.
"Thf motft-e of the mitherable mithcre
ant ith unknown to uth # but doubtleth
wath revenge for thome' thupothed in
thulf.
"We are thorry to thay," explained the
cdr t or of the" Skedunk Weekly News.
''that our compothinR-room wath entered
lath night by thome unknown thcoundrel.
wito thtole eve^j- eth In the ethtablith
ment and thucreeded in making hith eth
cape* undetected.
"it hath been impothible, of courthe. to
procure a new thupply of etheth in time
for thith ithue, and we are thuth com
pelled to go to preth in a thituation more
eniSarrathinp and dithtrrthing, but we
th£e no .other courth to pnrthup than to
make the brtht thtacger we can to get
alonpr without th«» mithlner letter, and we
thprefore print thp Npwth on time regard
loth of the loth thuthtain^d.
A Typographical Tragedy.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. | Due.
Callfornlan...! Seattle |Sept. 29
Centraha | Grays Harbor Sept. 29
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. OrforJ: Sept. 29
Wyefleld Nanalmo Sept. 29
Eureka Humboldt Sept. 29
Pomona Humboldt Sept. 20
Afgo Eel River Ports '. Sept. 29
City Puebla. Puget Sound Ports Sept. 2i»
Hero Oyster Harbor Sept. 30
R. Dollar San Pedro Sept. 30
City Para New York via Panama Sept. 30
Curacao .... Mexican Ports Sept. 30
San Pedro... Humboldt |Oct. 1
Del Norte Crescent City Oct. 1
Santa Monica. | San Pedro Oct. 1
"Santa Rosa... i San Diego & Way Pts. Oct. 1
Point Arena.. ! Mendoclno & Pt. Arena Oct. 1
Chico Coquille River Oct. 1
Bonita Newport & Way Ports. Oct. 1
Alliance...... Portland & Way Pts.. Oct. 1
Corona. ...'... Humboldt Oct. 2
G. \V. Elder.. J'ortland & Astoria Oct. 2
S. Portland... Portland & Astoria Oct. 4
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports Oct. 4
Arab HaktKlate |Oct. 4
Nevadan Honolulu Oct. 5
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts.lOct. 5
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Pts. Oct. 5
Arizonan , N. Y. via Pt. Los. Ang. Oct. 5
Nippon Maru. China & Japan Oct. 5
Newburg Grays Harbor Oct. 6
S. Barbara... Seattle & Olympla Oct. 6
J. Dollar Seattle & Tacoma Oct. «
San Jose New York via Panama, Oct. 7
Columbia Portland & Astoria... Oct. 7
Queen... Puget Sound Ports. ... Oct. 9
TO SAIL.
Steamer. I Destination. galls. Pier.
September 29.
C. Nelson.. Astoria & Portland 5 pm Pier 2
Centralla... Los Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 10
Phoenix Mendoclno City 1 pm Pier 13
Minnetonka New York direct Pier 23
China China & Japan 1 pm Pier 40
September UO.
Arctic Humhoklt 10 am Pier 10
Iaqua Humboldt 9 nm Pier 2
Columbia... Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Coos Bay... &an Pedro & Way. 8 am Pier 19
October 1.
Arcata Coos B.& Pt.Orford 10 am Pier 13
Coronado... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Pomona. ... Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 9
Rival WHIapa Harbor.... 4 pm Pier 2
State of Cal Ran Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 19
S. Monica.. Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
Nebraskan. Honolulu v. Pgt. S. 3 pm Pier 23
October 2.
Argo Eel River Ports.... I pm Pier 2
Rainier.... Seattle & Whatcom 1 cm PierilO
October :$.
San Pedro.. Humboldt 4 pm Pier 2
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena 4 pm Pier 2
Chico CcquIIle River 5 pm Pier 2
Newport... N. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Centennial.. Seattle & Tacoma.. 5 pm Pier 2
October 4.
S. Rosa San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 19
Corona Humboldt .ll:30pPler 0
Bonita Newport Way Pts. 9 am Pier 10
October 5.'
G. W. Elder Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
October 7. .
Doric China & Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
Curacao Mexican Ports 10 am Pier 11
S. Portland. Astoria & Portland 1 pm Pier 2
September S. . . ,
Ventura Rvndey & Way Pts. 2 pm Pier 7
Umatllla... Puget Sound Ports. 11 amjpier 9
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. For. . I Sails.
Humboldt.... Rkagway & Way Ports; Oct. ~T
Al-Ki. Skagway & Way Ports. Oct. 1
Jeanie Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Oct.' 1
Cottage City. Skagway & Way Ports. Oct. 2
Senator Nome Oct. 3
Ohio Nome & St. Michael. . . Oct. 3
Bertha Valdez & Way Ports.. Oct. 7
City Seattle. . Ska K way & Way Ports. Oct. 8
Oregon Nome . ......'. ..;;;.. .'.jOct. 10
OREGON AND WASHINGTON
COLUMBIA RIVER ENTRANCE, pages 50.
51 and 52— SOUTH CHANNEL BUOY. S. C.
a b!ack first-class can, was discontinued Sep
tember 10.
OUTSIDE BAR WHISTLING BUOY, nun
shaped, surmounted by a whistle, \va9 moved
on September 5 and Is now In 84 feet of water
and hbout 3 miles SE •% S of its former posi
tion; North Head Liehthouse, N % E; Cape
Disappointment Lighthouse. NNE 4i E (east
erly); Point Adams (discontinued) Lighthouse,
E Vi N.
BAR BUOY, a P. S. first-class nun, was dis
continued September 10. \u25a0 ,
PEACOCK SPIT BUOY, No. 1. a first-class
can, was moved September 18 and is now in 24
feet of water. Point Adams (discontinued)
Lighthouse, ERE % E; Cape Disappointment
Lighthouse, NNE % E; North Head Light
house. N % W.
CLATSOP SPIT BUOY, No. 4, a flrst-class
nun (new style), was moved September 17 and
is now in 31 feet of water. Outer S end of
wharf Fort Columbia, NE by E % E; Point
Adams (discontinued) Lighthouse, E by S;
Cape Disappointment Lighthouse, N % E.
COLUMBIA RIVER, pages 53 and 57—
SMITH POINT SHOAL BUOY, No. 14. a first
class spar, was moved September 18 and is
now in 18 feet of water. Smith Point Post
Light, NE by E-% E; right tangent to Smith
Point, SE % S.
FLAT SOUTH SIDE OF CHANNEL BUOY,
No. 6, a first-class nun. was discontinued Sep
tember 24, „
ALASKA.
WRANGELL STRAIT, pages 90 and 91—
SOUTH LEDGE BUOY. No. 4. a necond-class
nun, reported out of position September 7 \u25a0
ROCK POINT BUOY, No. 10. a first-class
spar, reported carried away September 7
BLUNT POINT REEF BUOY, No. 16 a
flrst-claes spar, reported out of position Sep
tember 7.
These buoys will be replaced a* soon as prac
ticable.
By order of the Lighthouse Board.
'_. \u25a0.;,;' C. G. CALKIN.
Commander, U. S. N,, Lighthouse Inspector.
COLUMBIA RIVER INSIDE BAR GAS
BUOY, page 2S, No. 91 (List of Beacons and
Buoys, Pacific Coast. 1003, page 51) — This buoy
having be en rtamajptl by floating timber, was
replaced by a flrst-clats P. S. nun buoy Sep
tember 22.
The following: changes affect the List of
Beacons and Buoys, Pacific Coast, 1903:
Notice to Mariners.
Notice Is herpby given of the \ following
change In the airls to navigation In., this dis
trict, which affects the List of Lights and Fog
Signals. Pacific Coast, 1903:
OREGON AND WASHINGTON
2770 pkgs fresh fruits, 1368 pkgs potatoes.
532 pkgs onions, 142 pkga fresh vegetables, 475
bbls flour. 2078 ctls barley, 14 ctls wheat. R00;;
pals wlnp. 422 pkgs bottled beer, 59 cs whis
ky. 22 cs liquors. 2 cs mineral water. 4 cs
brandy. 16.420 lbs codfish, 2554 lbs 21 cs
dressed poultry. 15.CS0 lbs fresh meat, 396 lbs
25 pkgs fresh flsh. 2477 lbs smoked meat, 158
pkgs 10 cf salmon, 155 ctls corn, i)5S2 lbs mid
dlings. 20.510 lbs hran, 7970 lbs lard. 1S75 lbs
peas, 6*0 lbs sago, S33 cs canned Roods, 789
pkgs irrocorlea and provisions. 10.748 lbs but
ter, 8132 lbs 1 cs cheese, 120 cs eggs, 14,2fiG
l'os 2 cs bread, 10,Sf>9 lbs beans, 2720 lbs 13
cs mealf, 19.300 lbs sugar, 17,745 lbs ham and
bacon, 489 lbs nuts. 1919 lbs glucose, 20S7 lbs
10 bbls candy, 17.007 lbs 1 rs prepared fish,
2755 lbs coffee. 400O lb» salt. 740 lbs chocolate,
25 cs bakins: powder, 10 cs honey, 4751 lbs
dried fruit, 670 lbs 2 pkga raisins, 20,232 lbs
50 pkgs manufactured tobacco, 254 pkgs drugs
and sundries, 198 cs> boots and shoes, 4 cs
hats, 220 rkgs dry goods, 116 pkgs electrical
pupplles, 50 r.kgs leather, 48 bales bags, 20 cs
matches. 37 pkgs machinery. ]2 pkg9 blrycles
and parts, 2;!6 pkgs paints and oils, 284 gals
alcohol, 8 cs arms and ammunition, 58 pkgs
wagon and • earrlae* material, 42 pkgs nails,
243 boiler tubes, 212 pkga paper, 5002 lbs soda,
25 bdls wire, SO pkgs cordage, 328 bxs soap,
19 hales twine, 13 bales hose, 44 pkgs tank
material. 100,520 lbs bitumen, 22S4 lbs starch,
32 bdla 8 pes iron, 83 pea 1 bdl steel.
The steamer Alameda sailed on Saturday for
Honolulu with an assorted merchandise cargo,
valued at $13S,727, and Including the follow
ing: i
The Alameda's Carg-o.
The Norwegian bark City of Agra loads red
wood at Eureka for Melbourne, and the bark
St. Katherine a general carpo here for Hilo.
The overdue French bark La Tour d'Au
verKnc, which made port on Sunday, was char
tered prior to arrival for wheat to Europe at
21s 3d.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
to Delagoa Bay. was advanced yesterday from
10 to 15 per cent. Others on the list are the
AristUies. 123 days out from Caleta Buena to
S*n Francisco. 90 per cent; Laurel Branch,
."C dais out from Coronel to Punta Arena. 5)0
per cent, and Lochlong, 152 days from New
Caledonia to Clyde, 35 per cent.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Office, IT. S. N., Mer
chants Exchange, San - Francisco, Cal.,
September 2S. 1903:
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day,
i. 8., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p m. Greenwich time.
• • J. C. BURNETT.
Lieutenant. U. S. N., in charge.
Movements of Steamers.
Sun rises 0.03 a. m.
Sun sets B :08 p. m.
Moon Bets (first quarter) 0:00 a. m.
C (Time] ITime| ITime! ITimel
£ \ 1 Ft. \ Ft. I ( Ft. I— --[ Ft.
"> III W| |L W| |H W| |L W|
29 I 7:11| 4.5]12:22| 3. 1 1 C:04| 4.6| |
L W| ' IH Wl IL Wl IH W(
30 0:51 0.7 8:03 4.71 1:25 2.9 7:10 4.6
1 1:39 0.8 8:48 4.0 2:13 2.6 8:07 4.7
2 2:20 0.S 0:22 5.0 2:55 2.2 8:59 4.8
3 3:05 0.9 9:53 5.1 3:33 1.9 9:45 4.8
4 3:40 1.0 10:24 5*2 4:08 1.5 10:28 4.0
5 | 4:15, 1.2|10:50 6.2 4:43 1.1 11:11 4.i>
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tides of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes, occurs. The heights given are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given Is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low water.
Much thought has been given to seek
ing a means of separating the three so
that none of them would know when
either of his brothers was taken to the
chair or whether himself was first to go.
but the arrangement cf the prison and
the location of the death-house make
this impossible. To conduct the condemned
men through any corridor of the main
prlaqgji would undoubtedly throw the other
prisoners into an uproar. It has been de
termined, therefore, to place the three
in the successive three cells on one side
of «.he corridor in the death-house, nearest
the door of the execution room, and re
move them in that order to their death.
The condemned prisoners bear well the
ordeal of suspense.
a ' , » .
ALBANY, N. Y,, Sept. 2S.— Mrs. Van
\u25a0\Vormcr, stepmother cf the 'three broth
er? who are to be executed at Clinton on
ThuVsday,- called at the executive cham
bers io-day to mak'e a final appeal in be
half of her stepsons. Governor Odell de
clined to her en the ground that he
had fully considered the case and that an
interview would be only useless pain to
both. Mrs. Van "Wormer accepted his
decision as final and departed.
Warden George Dey. of Clinton Prison,
who has the execution in charge, will not
pay, even if he has decided, in what order
the brothers are to die, but he declares
that there will be but one set of witnesses
and the work will be done with all possi
ble expedition. The witnesses have been
Instructed to meet at the Warden's of
fice at 11:15 a. m. The execution is to
take place at cf- about'noon and probably
will not consume more than twenty min
utes' time.
Governor Odell Refuses
• € to Interfere in the
Matter.
In the 851 tons of cargo In her hold were
110 barrels of fur skins, 50 boxes of sover
eigns valued at £250.000, 1226 bags of copra
and 1274 bunches of bananas.
Honolulu — Judge F. P. Lyman, Mr. and Mrs.
K. Bordin. Mrs. E. Becker. Miss T. B?ckrr,
MiFs C. G. Humphries, Mrs. L. E. Rhellburg,
O. R. Comins. C. T. Sutton, C. A. Thompson,
Dr. A. J. Derby. C. J. Hutchlns. F. M. Hall.
Miss J. A. Moore. Miss L. Wight. W. Hurley,
Mr. and Mrs. A. C. Olds, Bishop Restarick. Ell
Inpham and child. Mr. Schroeder. A. T. Miles.
J. M. Levey, Mr. and Mrs. G. E. West anri
children. Mrs. W. Thorns. Mrs. E. Rlordan. H.
E. Mclntyre. C. E. Dunshee. F. C. Brewstcr,
Mr. and Mrs. W. Hill. Dr. T. R. Jones. Mr.
Shoupe. W. Jshlhara, H. Inasaki, Mrs. Tatu
ishl. Mr TahukiJI. O. Yetaro. O. Chlyo, T.
Juichi, T. Juki. E. Moto, Mrs. E. Moto, Mr.
Hunda, Mr. Hetanl and J. Akyama.
Auckland — Percy Adams, W. Hlldeshelm, J.
S. Macarchen. Mrs. J. W. Roberts. H. E. Kel
ley. Mr*. T. K. Armour and Mrs. R, G. Sneath.
Pago Pago — R. Stevenson. Miss E. Stevenson,
Miss B. Stevenson and C. Pfelffer.
From Pvdney — P. F. Butler, Miss A. Butler,
Miss G. Butler. C. C. Campbell. M!?s
T. Campbell. L. P. Clapp. J. K.
Davidson, Dr. T. Storie Dixon, Miss E.
Graham, A. F. H. Glbbs, Right Hon. Earl of
Lomdale. steward and valet: Right Hon. Count
ess of Loncdale and maid. Mr. and Mrs. J. W.
Keogh. Mr. and Mrs. E. H. Lemare, Dr. C. W.
Laver, F. Merton. T. D. Merton, Mr. and Mrs.
William B. Orr, F. A. Ormlston. Captain H. P.
E. Parker. W. R. Thomas. C. E. Wheelwright
and R. Hamilton.
Every passenger on board presented a
sealed package to the purser, who auc
tioned it off to the highest bidder. The
package presented by the Earl of Lons
dale was bid in by T. Merton for $100.
When opened it was found to contain a
bottle cf fine liquor.
The Ventura sailed from Sydney Sep
tember 7. The actual time of the steamer
was 21 days and 20 hours from Sydney.
17 day and 18 hours from Auckland and 5
days and 20 hours from Honolulu.
On September 22, at 11:15 p. m., she ex
changed signals with the steamship So
noma. On the 24th she passed a steam
ship west bound, supposed to be the
Hongkong Maru and on the same day she
passed a French bark standing north and
close hauled.
Following are her cabin passengers:
She brought a large number of passen
gers and a full complement of freight.
Among her passengers were the Earl and
the Countess of Lonsdale. Fine weather
prevailed generally throughout the trip.
Captain Hayward reports that the steam
ship was delayed three hours at Fanning
Island in landing supplies at that port.
This was due to the fact that the light
ering facilities of the island were not suf
ficient and it became necessary, in order
to accelerate matters, for the vessel to
lower her own boats and assist in putting
the merchandise ashore. From Honolulu
the weather was fair, but the Ventura
had to combat head winds, which caused
a further delay.
Sunday night a surprise auction was
held on board the ship for the benefit of
the local charities of San Francisco,
which netted $250.
THE Oceanic Steamship Company's
Ventura, from Sydney, Australia,
came to anchorage in the lower
harbcr at 5 o'clock yesterday aft
ernoon, and at 6:13 was tied up
at her dock.
PLYMOUTH— Arrived Sept 28— Stmr Kaiser
Wilhelm II. from New York for Cherbourg, and
orocaaded, \u25a0 . \ " .-.
' NEW YORK — Arrived Sept 2S — Stmr Zee
land, from Antwerp.
GENOA— Arrived Sept 28— Stmr Prinzess
Irene, from New York via Naples.
BREMEN — Arrived Sept 28 — Stmr Grosser
Kerfurst, from New York via Plymouth and
Cherbourg. \u25a0 .--.\u25a0• • "\u25a0
MARSEILLES—Arrived Sept 26— Stmr Call
fornian. from New York via Naples.
HAMBURG— Arrived Sept 28— Stmr Blucher,
from New York via Plymouth and Cherbourg.
MANCHESTER— Arrived Sept 27— Stmr Cal
edonian, from Boston." \u25a0 , --
GLASGOW — Arrived Sept 27— Stmr Colum
bia, . from . New York, Sept 28— Stmr Lauren
tian, from New York.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
HONGKONG— Arrived Sept 26— Jap atmr
America Maru, hence SeDt 2.
CALLAO — Sailed Sept 26 — Ger stmr Ramses,
for San Francisco.
SYDNEY — Arrived Sept 28 — Ship Henry Fall
ing, frcm Port Townsend.
Sailed Sept 2S — Stmr Sierra, for San Fran
cisco.
IQUIQUE — Arrived Sept 2S— Br ship Andora,
from Baltimore. .
CORONEL — Arrived Sept 28 — Stmr American,
from New York; to sail Sept 20 for San Fran-
CAPE SPARTEL — Passed Sept 26— Ger stmr
Verona, from Manila for New York.
IQUIQUE — Arrived Sept 26 — Br ship Dech
mont. from Honolulu.
SHANGHAI— Sailed SeDt 3 — Br ship Iver
nia, for Port Townsend.
NEWCASTLE, NSW — Sailed Aug 10 — Bktn
J L Eviston. Aug 20— Br ship Ormsary; Fr
bark Lafayette. Aug 21— Schr E B Jackson.
Aug 22 — Fr bark Marechal Suchet. Aug 23 —
Bktn T P Emlgh. for Lahalna: Fr bark Ernest
Legouve. Aug 25 — Ship James Drummond. Aug
31 — Ship John CurrUr; Nor bark Bonevento.
for Honolulu. Sept 1 — Br ship Galgate. Sept
3 Br shlo Bidston Hill. Sept 4 — Fr bark
Francois Coppee, for San Francisco. Sept 21—
Fr bark Germalne, for Oregon. • '
In port Sept 7— Ital ship Agetlne Terrisano,
brig Geneva, bark Louisiana, Br ship Queen
Margaret, , for Honolulu;, Br bark Sussex, for
Mazatlan; Br ship East African,, for Oregon;
Br bark Invarnehlll, < for San Diego; Br ships
Alice A Leigh. Crown of Denmark and Dltton,
Ger ship Alsterschwan, Fr bark General Foy.
Br bark Ladas.-Fr bark Vendee. Fr ship Ver
clngetorix. Br ships Hutton Hall. William
Tille and W J Plrrle. 'for San Francisco.
HONOLULU— Sailed Sept 2S — Bark Albert,
for San Francisco.
Arrived SeDt 2S — Bktn 3 G Wilder, hence
Sept 13. ,
FOREIGN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Sept 28 — Stmr Segu
ranca, from Colon.
ISLAND PORTS.
EASTERN PORTS.
REDONDO — Sailed Sept 23— Bktn Mary Wln
kelman, for Eureka. '
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Sept 28— Schr
Queen, hence Sept 9.
TACOMA — Arrived Sept 27 — Bktn Georgina.
from Shanghai.
Sailed Sept 28 — Swed ship Thessalus, for .
SANTA BARBARA— Sailed Sept 2S— Stmr
Santa Ro3a, for San Diego; stmr Bonita, for
San Pedro.
ASTORIA — Arrived Sept 2S — Br stmr Ver
mont, hence Sept 25.
ASTORIA— Arrived Sept 28— Schr Novelty,
hence Sept 14 ; stmr Grace Dollar, hnc Sept 25.
ASTORIA— Arrived Sept 2S— Br bark Strath
don, from Royal Roads.
EVERETT— Sailed Sept 2S— Schr A M Bax
ter, for San Francisco.
NOME— Sailed Sept 10— Schr Vega, for Golo
vin Bay; is expected to sail from Golovla Bay
Sept 20 for Whatcom.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed SeDt 28— Stmr Aber
deen, for San Francisco; schr Alcalde, for Eu
reka.
Arrived Sept 28 — Fr ship Ville do Mulhouse,
from Hamburg; stmr Alcazar, from Green
wood.
FARALLON ISLANDS— Passed Sept 2S,
\u25a01:10 p m — Br stmr Doric, from Hongkong for
San Francisco.
FORT BRA'GG— Arrived Sept 28 — Stmr Point
Arena, hence SeDt 26.
MARSHFIELD — Arrived Sept 28— Stmr Pren
tlFS. hence Sept 26.
EUREKA— Arrived Sept 28— Stmr Navarro,
hence Sept 27; Br bark Woollahra, from Syd
ney.
Sailed Sept 28 — Stmrs Pomona and Eureka,
for San Francisco.
SEATTLE — Arrived Sept 27— Schr Salem, fm
San Pedro.
SEATTLE— Arrived Sept 28— Stmr City of
Topeka. from Skagway.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Sept 27 — chr Ida
Schnauer. for San Francisco.
Arrived Sept 27— Schr Chas R Wilson, hence
Sept 17; echr Halcyon, hence Sept 16.
MENDOCINO — Arrived Sept 28 — Stmr Pasa
dena, hence Sept 27.
TATOOSH — Passed in Sept 2S — Stmr Er"""
hence Sept 24 for Seattle; stmr Santa. Bar
bara, hence Sept 24 for Seattle: stmr Alliance,
from Coos Bay for Port Blakeley; bktn Ama
zon, from Honolulu for Port Townsend; Br
ship Crown of England, hence Sept 7 for Port
Townsend; schr Resolute, from Honolulu for
Port Townsend.
\u25a0 Passed out Sept 28 — Swed ship Thessalus, fm
Tacoma for Callao.
PORT GAMBLE — Arrived Sept 2S — Schr
Queen, hence SeDt J>. .
ABERDEEN — Arrived Sept 27 — Schr Chas R
Wilson, hence Sept 17.
MONTENANO— Sailed Sept 28 — Schr Jennie
Wand for San Francisco.
BAN DON— Sailed Sept 28 — Stmr Chico, for
San Francisco.
FAIRHAVEN— Sailed Sept 28— Schr William
Nottingham, for San Pedro.
DOMESTIC PORTS,
LONDON, Sept 28— Br ship Bardowie. from
Chemalnua. arrived at Cape Town with loss
of deckload.
MISCELLANEOUS,
Aug 10— Lat 6 S, 27 W, Ger bark Octavia,
from Antwerp for Port Los Angeles.
SPOKEN,
POINT LOBOS — Sept 28, 10 p m — Weather
cloudy; wind SW; velocity 12 miles an hour.
SAILED V I
Monday, September 23.
Stmr Cclfa, Nordberg. Bowens Landing.
Stmr South Coast. Olsen. San Pedro.
Stmr Queen, Cousins, Victoria, etc. *
Stmr Corona, Johnson. Bureka.
Stmr Ruth, Reed, San Pedro.
Stmr National City, Ilammar, Fort Bragg.
Btmr Samoa, Madsen, Caspar.
TELEGRAPHIC.
CLEARED.
Monday, September 28.
Stmr Queen, Cousins, Victoria, etc: Pac Coast
S S Co.
Stmr Corona, Johnson, Eureka; Pac Coast
S S Co.
Stmr Montara, Reilly, Seattle; Pae Coast S
5 Co.
Bark Andrew Welch, Drew, Honolulu; "Welch
6 Co.
. STO8KTON, Sept. 28.— J. B. Conner,
convicted of burglary, and Westley Keel
ing, convicted of robbery, were sentenced
this morning by Judge Outter to four and
five years, respectively. In San Quentin.
Conner robbed a man in a hotel of cloth
ing, and Keeling took money from the
pockets of an intoxicated individual while
the latter was asleep.
Stmr State of California, Thomas, 40 hours
from San Diego.
Stmr Doric. Smith, 27 days 17% hours from
Hongkong, via Yokohama ltt days 16% hours,
via Honolulu 6 days *i of an hour.
Criminals Sentenced to Prison.
THREE BROTHERS
TO BE EXECUTED
• TACOMA. Wa.=h.. Sept. 2S.-Hongkong
mail advices state thst a crisis has been
rt ached in the handling of the Kwong
... si rebellion - by Viceroy Tscn. Not only
arfc his 'soldiers making no headway
against the rebels and robbers, but a
large portion of the population of three
provinces is ready to r'se in rebellion
* against his power and methods of ruling.
"•lie" is nonsupported loyally by subordi
"naie officials and plots against him exist
4 on every haVd.
The Viceroy spent August at Nanking.
•where the country is in a very disturbed
condition. He has had few capable sol
diers and* complains of the character of
men sent to him from Canton and else
where. Through Kwonsr-si. Kwar.gtung
r and Szechuan eziist plots to turn the
taolcs en Viceroy Tsen and drive him
out of- office. Even Canton, heretofore
,1'rya!. contains a large number of malcon
tpnts. • who are being incited to rise
against the Peking Government.
Viceroy .Tsen is cordially hated by the
* officials at <*ar:ton. who dislike him all the
more because of his great influence at
* Peking. This is partially accounted for
• by the fact that he' sends much more
tribute than ir.cst Viceroys of the EOUth
c-ry. provinces. His chief supporters f<ar
jthat "the people will lose confidence in him
and so become ready for a general insur
*rcctior.ary movement. Viceroy Tsen is
said not to kijow- the meaning of the
word ••discouragement" and if supported
by capable trocps will put down his op
ponents with a har.d of iron.
Srfcial Dispatch to The Call
COLUSA, Sept. 28. — John Vincent, a
deckhand, was shot In the head here this
afternoon by C. A. Bartholomew, first
mate of the steamer San Jose. Four
shots were fired. One of the bullets took
effect in Vincent's head, but it is thought
the wound will not prove serious.
The deckhand claimed that the mate
was forcing eight men to do ten men's
work and after a quarrel quit his job.
The two met in an uptown saloon a few
hours later and the quarrel was renewed.
The deckhand threatened to "do up" the
mate. With the remark, "I'll see you
later," the mate left the saloon and re
turned in a few minutes.
"Now, if you want to do me up, step
outside," said the mate.
The deckhand started for the mate,
who pulled a r>lstol and fired". He imme
'diately ran for his boat- and hid in the
hold, where he was afterward arrested.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Steamer's Officer Runs to
the Vessel After the
Firing.
* Frcminenf Official May Be
Killed if Troops Are
Unavailable.
"Crisis Is Reached in a
t " Chinese Province
Uprising.
Quarrel in Saloon Re
sults in Attempted
Murder.
MATE SHOOTS
THE DECKHAND
VICEROY'S LIFE
IS ENDANGERED
10
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 29, 1903.
Ocean Liners Ventura From the Antipodes and Doric From China
and Japan Reach Dock After Fair Voyages With Big Cargoes
of Valuable Products and Full Complements of Passengers
STEAMSHIPS RETURNING FROM ORIENT
AND AUSTRALIA MAKE PORT ON TIME
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Positively enred by these
Iiittlo Pills,
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. Aper-
1 j feet remedy for Dizziness, Kausea, Drowsi-
1 aiss, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongus
I Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowcb. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pin. Small Dose.
Small 2?r;ce~
; "KingofaOBctiJedBeers.'\ :
" y Brewed from Boheoian Hops.
! SOLO EVSBy WHERE.
j H1LBKKT MERCANTILE , CO..
I'acific Coast Agents.
PERFECT
JJsed by people of refinement
Tor over a quarter of a century
PREPARED BY
EVEFKBLADE.WBRANHD
Headache Cured
and prevented by Dr. Miles' Anti-
Pain Pills, unequaled for., neuralgia,
toothache, backache, etc. No opiates.
Noil laxative. Never sold In hulk. Srml for
fn«w nook on the rum of headaclj«». 2Sd<««
25«eni» Hold and jrua ran teoo (>v HlIdru^ulMt:!.
l»n Mii.es MtDiCAi. Co . Eliiluirt. lud.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
If CALIFORNIA g|
I LIMITED TO CHICAGO f
ig Leave* Mondays end Thursday a | ;
{B at 8:30 e. m., through In 8 days* | \
B with diner and all trappings.
Other Santa Fe Trains:
2 : S ?"«'(. f °f Stockton. Fresno, Bakmfield.
8 : 00p.'m.'i" Merced, Haoford and Visalla.
4.00 p. m. for Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City, Grand Canyon and '
Chicago.
Ticket Offxcv: 641 Market St., and Ferry i
Depot. S. P. Also 11U Broadway, Oak-
land, Cal. ;;..;, \u25a0 .
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
BAILWAY COMPANY*.
Tiburon X*erry, Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAST EAPAEL.
WEEK DATS— 7:S0, 9:00, 11:00 a. rn.; 12:35.
3:30. 5:10. C:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
at 11:30 d. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 8:CO, 9:30, ll:0O a. m. ; 1:30, 3:30.
5:CO. 6:20, 11:30 p. m.
SAIT RAFAEL TO SAN FK AN CIS CO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:05. 7:33. 7:50. 9:20, 11:13
a. rn. ; 12:50, 3:40, 5:C0, 5:20 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:05 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAY? — 8:00. 0:40. 11:15 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40.
4:&5. 5:C5, 6:23 p. m.
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco.) Sept 27, 1903. |'San Francisco.
We* I Sun- I Destlna- I Sun- | Week
Days. I days. | tion. f days. | Days.
7:30a 8:0Oa 9:10aiS:4«>a
9:30 a Ignaclo. 10:40 ailO:2O a
3:30p 3:30p 6:05 p| 6:20 p
5:10 p 5:00 p 7:35 p|
7:30a] ~ 0:10a R:40a
8:00 a Novato. 10:40 a lo:20 a
3:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma. 6:0S p 6:20 p
5:10 p 3:30 p and 7:35 p
5:00 p Santa Rosa, |
7:30 a 110:40 a 10:20 a
8:00a Fulton. (7:35pl6:2Op
3:30 p 3:30 p j
[ Windsor. j "
7:30 a 8:00 a] Healfisbursr. 10:40a 10:20 a
I Lyttbn,
3:30 p 3:30 p| Geyservtlle. 7:35 p 6:20 p
J Cloverdale.
7:30 al 8:00 al Hopland [10:40 a'10:20 a
3:30 p| 3:.'5Op[ and Uklah. | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30 a| 8:00 a| Will its. | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30 at 8:00a! 110:40 a|10:20 a
3:30 p| 3:30 p| Ouernevllle. | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al Sonoma. I 0:10 al 8:40 a
5:10 p[ 5:00 p| Glen Ellen. | 6:05 p| B:2Op
7:30 a 8:00 ai \ 1 110:40 a|10:20 a
3:30/p 3:30 p Sebartopol. | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
• STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
Quentlii; at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs: at Fulton for Altrurla and Mark We*t
Springs; at Lyttcn for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
serville for Ska«gs Springs; at Clovordale for
the Geysers, BoonevHle and Greenwood; at
Hopland for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs,
Kelreyville. Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay. Lake-
port and BarUett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs. Upper Lake. Porno.
Potter Valley. John Day's, Riverside, Llerly's.
Bucknell's, Sanhedrln Heights, Hullville, Orr'a
Hot Springs. Halfway House, Comptche, Camp
Stevens, Hopkins. Mendocino City. Fort Bragg
Westport, t'sal; at Wllllu for Fort Bragg,
Westport, Sherwood, Cahto. Covello. Layton-
vllle, Cummlnss. Bell's Springs. Harris, oi-
3en's. Dyer, Garberville, Pepperwood. Scotia
and Eureka.
. Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sunday— Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. 650 Market street. Chronicle
bulldinr.
H. C. WHITING. \u25a0 R. X. RYAN.
G«n. Manager. Oen. Pass. Aft.
WEEKLY CALL, §1 PEB YEAB.
BAILWAY TBAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Trains le»v» »ti«l arn duo to arrive »t
SAN FKAN CISCO.
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street )
!\u25a0\u25a0*\u25bc» — t'KOM S«tii:»ih a. l'jm. — miTi
7.00* Benlcl*. SuUim, blmtraaud Sacrv ~~
mento 725p
7.00a Vacaville, Winters, Rainser 7.25*
7.30a Martinez. San Ramoa. Vallejo,
Xnpa. Calistosa, Santa Eon g £5r
7. 30a Nlies. LiTeriaore. Lathrop. S:ock-
:on 7.25?
8.00a Darls.AVoodland. Knlubta LftndlDx,
Mnrjsvllle. Orotllle. (connects
at Msrysville for Urldley, Ulggs
and Chico) 7.5Jp
800* Atlantic Kxf r «»»— Ognea snd East. 10.25a
800a Fort Costa. Martluex. Antloch. By-
ron. Trucy. Siocktoa.Sr.crarr.ee to.
- L".i Kan 't. MentloM. HaafurU,
VImiUh. rortertllle 4^3,
8.00a Port Com. Mnrtlnpz, Tracy, Leih-
Prr»i>. Modesto. McrceU, Fresno,
Gw'ii.'ii Junction, Haaford, Vfr
»»lln, rukerstleld 5.23*
. Shsi.'tti Kxpr»«» — i>nvls. William*
(for Dartlett Sprtnss^. "Willows,
tFruta. ltcd (tlu7. Portland 7.53?
I.SOa Ktlc«. Saa .lose, Ltrprmore, Stock-
toTi.IomvSRernniento.r'ncervlile,
>«<vrjr»v!!le. Chico. a««l K!mT 425?
'< 8. 30* Oatdile. Chinese. Jsincjtuwii, So-
1 nora. Tuolnnne and Angela 4 25"
9.00a Martinez aad Way Slatltma 6 55p
; IOCOa Vallejo.. 12-25*
IO.COa El Paso Passencer. Ei'tbonnd.—
Port Co»ta. Martinez, ltyron,
Tr.tcy, Lathrop. Stockton.
Merced. ICaymoml. Fresno, Han-
fcri. Vlsalla. Batersfleld.- Los
Angelei and El Paso. (Wess-
hound arrives t!« Coast Line)... «T5Cp
10 00a Tbe Orcrlana Limited — Ogden,
Denver, Omaha. Chicago. 8 25?
12.G0v nayward. Nllea and Way Stations. 3-25p
11-OOp Sncrsmento Hlver Steamer* tii.OOr
330r Benlcla. Winters. Sacramento.
Woodland. Williams. Colnsa.Wll-
lows, Kntjjhts Lindlng. Xl.irya-
Tills. Orovtiie and way tutloni.. 10 55*
I 3 30* Hayward, N'iles and Way Station*.. 755?
j 4-COr Martlnez.SanUaraon. Vallejo. >'aoa.
Cnllntoga. Santa Rosa „. 9-25a
4-00r Marttnrx.Tracy.Latnrop.Stockton. 1025*
4 00 Kllea. LUermore. Stockton. Lodl.. 4.2Sr
4-30P Hay war. 1. Nllcs. lrvlngtoa. Saa I t8.55*
! \u25a0 Jo»e. LlTermore t"t11.B5A
BOO' The Owl Limited— Fresno. Tulaie,
! Bakersflcld. Loa Angelei f 55a
6.00? Port Cotta, Tracy, Stockton, Loa
; Banot 12-25?
! 16-30P Hayward. Ntles and San Jo»« 7.25k
' 6 COp Hayward. Nile* and San Jose 10 25*
B.COr Oriental Mall — Ogden. Denyer.
; Omnba. St. Loals. ChlcaKO and
East. Port Costa, Ecnlcla, Sul-
fan, I-."m:ra, Daris, Sacramento,
Rockltn. Avbu*n. Colfax.
Truckee. Boca. k»no. Wada.
worvb. VlDnemacct, Battla
Mountain. Elko . 4 Zir
».. Reno, Trnckee, Sacramento. Darta,
Sulsunt Denicta, Port Costa 7 55*
i B.OOr Vallejo, dally, except Sunday.... [ ,:-,
7-OOp Vallejo, Sunday only f />M *
7 COp San Pablo. Port Costa. Marlines
and Way Stations. 1125*
; 8-CEr Oregon A California E-Tprest — Sac-
; ramento, MarysTtllc, Reddlos.
Portlacd. Pngct Sourd and East. 853a
S.IOr Hayward, Niles and San Jose (3ua-
day only) 11.55*
11.25* Port Costa, Tracy, Lathrop. Mo-
detto, Merced. Raymond (to To-
i aemlte), Fresno, HtnforJ. VI-
I salla. Bakrrsfield 1 2 25>
COAST LINE (>arr<.>» Wauge).
(Foot of Market Street.)
745a Sauta Crux Excursion <SunJ»y
oniy) 8.1O
8-1 5a Newark. Centervllle. San Joso.
yelton. Coalaer Creek, Santa
Cruz and Way Stations 8 25*
t2-15r Newark. Centervllle, San Joso,
Kew Aimaden. Los Gatos.F«Uon.
Boulder Crnek. Santa Crux and
Principal Way Stations 1053a
4-15r Newark. San Jose. Los Oatoa and
way »tat!on» (on Saturday and
Bnnday runs tarouglt tu Santa
Cro2; Monday only from Santat
Crnz). Connects at Feiton to
and from Boulder Creek t8.5S»>
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN UtAN CISCO. Foot of MarSet St. (Sll?1>
—r.A5 »:0O 11:W ,«.M. 100 300 S.15F.X.
; from OAKLAXD. Fool of Broadway — *6:0O i3:i»
: t3:03 10:00 a.m. 1200 200 400 P.M.
COAST LINE (UroaJ banxe).
I tg~ (Third ami Townsend Streets.)
8.10a San Jose and Way Stations t-30r
t/OOA San Jose and Way Station* S.33r
7.15a Monterey and Santa Crua Excur-
sion (Sunday only) 83Op
•\u25a000a New Aimaden (Tue*.. Frld.. only), 4.18i>
• 00a Coast Line Limited— Stops only San
Jose, Gllroy (connection for Dol-
lister), Pajaro. CastroTllle. Sa-
linas. San Artlo. Paso Xiobles,
SantaMargarlta. San LulsOblspo,
Guadalape. Surf (connection for
Lompoc). Santa Barbara, Sangus
and Los Angeles. Connection at .
CaitroTiiie to and from Monterey
asi Ps.-tiic Grove 10417
•,00a San Jose. Tre* Ptnos, Capttola.
Santa Crnz. Pacific GroYe.Saltnaa,
San Luis Oblspo and Principal
Intermediate Station* 4.18P
TO. 30a San Jose and Way Station* *1-23p
1100a Cemetery Passenser — Soutb Saa
Francisco. Saa Bruno 1.05*
1130a Santa Clara, San Jose, Los Gatoi
and Way Station* 7 30?
a1.30P Ban Jose and Way Station* X700-
2. COp San Jose and Way Stations 19 40a
2.30p Cemetery Passeneer — South Saa
Francisco, San Bruno 433'
tS-COr Del Mcnte F.xpress— Santa Clara.
Ban Jote, Del Monte, Monterey.
Pacific Grove (connects at Santa
Clara for Santa Craz, Boulder
Creek and Narrow Gauge Points) M2.1SV
l-ZCr Faclflc Grore and Way Stations—
Uurllngame.San Mateo.Retlwood,
McnloPark. PaioAlto Mayfleld.
Mountain View. Lawrence. Santa
Clara. San Joss, (Gt'.roy. Bollla-
ter. Tres Plnos). Pajaro, WaUon-
Tille. Capltola, Santa Cnz, Cas-
troTllle, Salinas 1045a
4 30* San Jose and Way Stations 833a
b COp San Jose, (via Santa Clara) Loi
Oat os, Wright and Principal Way
Stations (except Sunday) 9 CO*
{52Cp San Joae and PrtnclpalWay Stations t8.0&4
TS.1&P San Mateo, Beresford.Belmont, San
Carlos. Redwood. Fair Oaks,
MeftloPark. PaioAlto t9 45»
g.JCr Ban Jose and Way Stations S 36*
7 XCp Sunset Limited, Eastbound.— Saa
Luis Obispo, Santa Barbara, Loa
Acpelen. Demtcp. El Paso. New
Orleans. New Tork. (Westbound
arrives rla San JoaqnlnValley)... tr3 2i»
8. OOP Palo Alto and Way Stations 10-15*
11. SO? South San Francisco. MUlbrae,
Burllnjrame, San Mateo, Be!-
mont. Sun Carlos, Redwood, tfl » a .
Fair Oaks, Menlo Park; Palo i I2"1fi
Alto. Mayfleld. Mountain View. •*•*»*
Sunnyraie. Lawrence, Santa m
Clara and San Jose
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
X Saturday and Sunday only. j Sunday only.
I Stop* at all stations on Sunday.
t Sunday excepted. a Saturday only.
« Via Coast Line. if Via San Joaqutn Valley.
bKeno train eastboand discontinued.
EP~Onlj trains stopping at Valencia St. southboan4
1 •« 6:10 A.M..tT:0OA.Jl..ll:CO A.M.. 2:i»r.Jl. aad «:S0i'.«,
f^S^^^^^S^fTO SA*I RAFAEL*
j^^^^iSAfi QUENTIN,
VALLEY,
CAZADERO, ETC.
i^^^^f^^g|via Sausalito Jerry
WEEK DAYS — (Holidays exce5te<i> — 6:l J'
t*7:45 8:43. »:45, IX a. m.. 12:2O. *1:43. 3:13.
4:15. *tS:15, -tS.15. «:45. 9, 11:43 P- m-
7:45 a. m. tra'n week days doe* pot rua k»
AND LEGAL. • HOL1DAJ3—T.
t8. t'» t*10. 11. tH:3O a. m.. t*l ; 3<*
2:33 »3:50 5. «, 7:30, 9. 11:43 P. m.
Tralns marked (*> run to San Quentin.
Those marked (T> to Fairfax, except 3:15 p. m.
Saturday*. On Saturdays the 3: 15 p. rn. traia
runs to Fairfax. 'S.,i,WA
KROM SAN RAFAEL, TO SAN FRANCISCO
—Week days— 5:U5. t«:23. 7:40. S:15. J9:3.%
11:05 a. m. 12:30. 2:20. t3:45. 4:30. 3:30. fl:4>.
W 8raDAYS-«:i5. 7:3.1. iSilO. 9:40. POM.
;il:45 a. m., 12:5O. 2:30. J3:23. 4:40. J3:30.
8:55. 7:35. 10:20 p. m.
Trains marked (J) start from San Qujntin.
FROM MILX. VALLEY TO SAN FRAN-
CISCO — Week days — 3:45, 6:40. 7:43. 8:23.
»:45. 11:10 a. a., 12:40. 2:43. 4:13. S:10. 7:C3.
10:4O p. m.
SUNDAYS — «:33. 7:33. 10. 11:10 i. m.. 12:09.
1-C3 2:40 3:45. 4:33. 6:05. 7:10. 10:10 p. a.
' THROUGH TRAINS.
7 :43 a. m., week days— Cazadeo aad wax
station*,
8:15 p. m.. week day3 (Saturdays excepted)—
Torr.ales and way stations.
3:15 p. m.. Saturday* — Cazadero and way
stations. : -~;T:
Sundays and L«za! Holidays — 8 a. in.. Caxa-
dero and way stations. - 1 .
Sundays and Legal Holidays— 10 a. m., Polat
Reyes and way stations.
TICKET OFFICE— «2« Market St.
FEKRY— Foot of Market st- '
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leave «k Siastlus ttaj Arrive
. 3— Fran. fwt W Marxst St S«m Fran.
Week Sun. row Sun- W««k
Day*. days /^5Sii/J>^V dnys Days.
Sh4f, A m,O(»a i*:OON 9:15a
1:45m 9:00a }&7lg&'&l3 l«:»0f3:30?
11:3Oa \^PP^ *' 3 * r
Is*mas7i«niy. las,T% Ism T e;3Qy,arriTslJ. il:3Q>
TICWt * 6US Maxxst St_ (North Shore RatlroadJ
0IW38 ) and Saosauto Fm»v Foot Martet St.
BAJA CALIFORNIA \u25a0
Damiana Bitters
I 6 A UKEAT RKSTOKAT1VE. INViGOHA-
* tor and Nervlae. . _,_..,
The meat woc4ertul aohrodlslac and 5p»ci*i
Tonic for the Sex^zl Oriana. for both •«»«•.
The Mexican Remedy for Di««a»e* ol to
Kidneys and Bladder. Sells on Its own merlt*v
NABER. XUF& A BRUNE. A*ent».
K3 Mirtst »{.. 8. T.-tSend tu Clrcul»x»4 .
ADVERTISEMENTS.
PUTTING IT OFF
from day to day when you want to find
a laundry that will do up your linen in
a manner that can't be rivaled is a mis-
take. You don't need to go far to find
one. If you ask any of your friends
whfre Buch a. one Is they will always
tell you that the United States Laundry
is superior in the laundering of fine linen
shirts, collars and cuffs, etc. One trial
will conv^ce you.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
OFFICE 1004 MAHKET STREET,
Near Powell.There i« no chance to report. Receipts of
all kinds are amsle for current needs.
Valuable Land Transferred.
Deeds covering a transfer of real estate
valued at $200,000 were placed on file yes
terday in the Hall of Records by the As
sociated Property Owners of San Fran
cifcoo. by which that corporation becomes
the owner of a block of land bounded by
Mason, Powell. North Point and Bay
streets, and of a plat 79x160 feet situated
on the northeast corner of New Mont
gomery and Natoma streets. Charles R.
Bishop conveyed the North Beach block
to John H. Spring, who with his wife then
conveyed the block to the corporation
mentioned. Spring and his wife also con.
veyed the smaller piece of land to tha
corporation. The consideration mentioned'
in the deed was fK).
VEGETABLES— Green Corn, 75ci@$l 25 per
sack; crates trom Alameda. $l@l 50; from
Berkeley, ; Green Peas. 2@3c per lb: String
Beans. 2iS2Vic per lb; Wax, 2V4©'Jc; Lima
Beans, 2@2VtC per lb; Tomatoes, 25©50c per
box; Summer Squash, 4(Xg60c per box; Cab
bage, UOc per ctl; Carrots, 75c per sack- Cu
cumbers, 40@50c per box; Pickle Cucumbeis
3©34£c for No. 1 and I(g2%c.per lb for others-
Garlic. 2573c per lb; Green Peppers, 25@35c per
box for Chile and MKfiSOe for Bell: Green Okra
.•i.->@50c per box: Err Plant, 30@50c per box'-
Marrowfat Squash, $10® 12 per ton.
The market for Onions and Burbank Potatoes
was quiet and weak. Receipts from the river
districts were large over Sunday and dealers
were anticipating a lower range of prices.
Sweet Potatoes were steady. Three cars came
in from Merced and cleaned up quickly.
Receipts of vegetables were rather light and
several kinds were firmer. Summer Squash
anil Hell Peppers were in small supply and
prices- ranged higher. Tomatoes were easier
under heavy receipts. The canners reduced
their bid to 2oc per box and secured a
laijte quantity at that figure. The ruling: price
to the local trade was 40c per box. very few
Kales being reported above that figure. Offer
ings of Green Corn were chiefly of poor quality
and sold slowly at easier rates., String Wax
and Lima Beans ruled weak at previous prices
supplies being excessive.
POTATOES — Burbanks from the river. 70®
S5c per ctl. with some fancy hlgtier; Salinas
Burbanks,. $1 25®l.'45 per ctl; lliver Reds
S0@i)0c per ctl; Sweet Potatoes jobbing at
$1 60 per ctl. . .
ONIONS — IWi3ti5e per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
NEW TORK, Sept. 28.— The cotton market
opened firm at an advance of three pointb
Almost at Once September turned very active
and excited, this being considered practically
the last notice day of the delivery. The re
sult was a wild scare of shorts, and the fluct
uations in September were the most violent
of any aince the early days of the old bull
New York Cotton Market.
CHICAGO, Sept. 2S.— CATTLE— Receipts
40,000. WVstern, lower. Good to prime
steers. ?5 25@6; poor to medium. f'J SOifiS 10;
etockers and feeders, $2 40@4 25; oows, $1 4OJ2
\u25a04 40; heifers. $2@4 75; canners, $1 40@2 70:
bulls. $2® 4 CO; calves. $3 COSS;. Texas fed
steers $2 S5<g4 25; Western ateers. $.'i@4 40
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 22,000; to-morrow,
28,000; 10c lower. Mixed and butchers', $5 60
<Ci6 SO; good to choice heavy. $5 05@(i 15- rough
heavy $5 35U55 60; light. $5 7006 35; bulk of
sales $5 65«x«.
SHEEP— Receipts. 45,000. Sheep, steady to
lower; lambs, steady to lower. Good to choice
wethers. $3 40^4 25; fair to choice mixed
$2 25©l 40; Western sheep. $2 75@4 25; na
tive lambs. $3 50@5 65; Western lambs $3 75
©5 50.
CHICAGO.
Eastern Livestock Market.
Nezv York Metal Market.
NEW TORK, Sept. 2S. — Tin wns w<*ak both
in the Ensrlish and New York markets. In
London urices declined £3 3a to £114 15s for
epot ami £115 7s Cd for futures. I/ocally. the
market was Influenced by the forelg-n weakness,
and it is aluo claimed that the closing- of tin
plate, mil's has reduced the demand ror pilf
tin and weakened the market. At any rate,
prices hero ioet some 75 point*, closing: at
*25 r>C(J?25 70. There was a decline of about
Tin in the London copper market, spot and
futures closing there at £54 15h. locally, cop
per was quiot and nominally unchanced. Lake
and electrolytic are quoted at $1."J f.0 and cast
ing at *13 12!v. though it is stated on the
*trr>«>t that business could be done around
$i:; 2,*i for lake.
Lead declining Is "d to £11 in London, wac
unchanged in New York at $4 50.
Spelter was unchanged here at $0, but 2s 6d
lower In London, where It cloned at £20 17s 0'd.
Ircn closed at 4f»s 6d In Glasgow and at 4.'5s
Od in Mfddlesnoro. Locally, iron is «juiet and
more or less nominal. No. 1 foundry. Northern,
is quoted at $17. -No. 2 foundry, northern, at
$10 60 and No. 1 foundry. Southern, and No.
1 foundry. Southern eoft, at $1C.
Divorces for desertion were granted to
Moses F. Frank from Sophia Frank and
Evan E. Otterbeck from Helen F. Otter
beck.
William A. Mathews of the Santa Fe
Railroad Company Is the defendant In a
suit for divorce filed yesterday by Lois A.
Mathews. She charges him with cruelty
and says that one night he threw her out
of her home. bodily. They were married
at "Waterloo, Or., and live at 30 Laurel
place. .
Other suits for divorce were filed by
Otto L. Smith against Catherine Smith
for neglect. M. Thomas against Elizabeth
Thomas for desertion, Adeline M. Ep
plnger against Isaac Epplnger for neglect.
•Florence Strong against Dwlght Strong
for desertion. Ettel Kerpal against Jacob
Kerpal- for cruelty, Nellie A. Eubanks
against Edgar C. Eubanks for neglect and
Isabella S. Comerforde against J. A. Com
erforde for desertion. - _
Lois A. Mathews Files a Suit for
Divorce on the Ground
of Cruelty.
OBJECTS TO BEING B0DIX.T
THROWN OUT OF HER HOME
The Bean market continues quiet and rather
weak than otherwise, and even Llmas are not
as active and firm as they have been for sev
eral weeks. Arrivals of Pinks are increasing,
and receipts of all kinds are larger, as will be
seen elsewhere:
BEANS— Bay os, $2 WV52 75; IVa. $3 25;
Butters, $3 25; 6mall White, ?3<go 35; large
White. $2 T6©3; Pink. $2 75(52 90; Red, $2 «0@3;
Lima, $3 60@3 70: Ked Kidneys, $4: Blackeye
$2 »>0@2 75 per ctl; Horse Beans. $1 40&1 50.
SEEDS — Brcwn Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal ; Flax, $1 70@l f0; Canary,
f>(f?54c. for Eastarn; Alfalfa, nominal; Rape.
l£i@2Vic; Timothy, 0@fi4c; Hemp. 3Vi@34c
per lb; Millet, K&JJVic; Broom Corn Seed, $20©
23 per ton.
DRIED PEAS— Green. $1 S0©2 per ctl.
Beans and Seeds.
WOOL — Fall clip — Ban Joaquin Lambs' a©
12c; Foothill. 10@12c; Middle County.' 11©13 C .
Quotations for spring clip are as follows:
Humboldt and Mendoclno. 18@20c; Nevada. 13
@15c; Valley Oregon, fine. lS@18c; do. medium
17®18c: do coane. 164J17C per lb
HOPS — 22@26c per lb for California and 19
323c for Oregon. .
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about 3 4c under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers, t»74c; medium. 8%c; light 8c: Cow
Hides. 8c for heavy and Sc for light- Stags
«jc; Salted Kip. S4c; Salted Veal OVjC*
Salted Calf. 10c; dry Hides. 150154c; dry Kip'
13c; dry Calf. 17c; Sheepskins, shearlings 250
30c each; short wool. 40®50c each; medium 70
«T90c; long wool. $1@1 CO each: Horse Hides
r .alt. $2 75 for large and $2@2 50 for medium'
$1 25@1 75 for email and 50e for Colts; Horse
Hides, dry. *I 75 for large and tl 50 for me
dium. ?1@1 25 for small and 50c for Colts
Buck Skins— Dry Mexican. 324c; dry salted
Mexican, 26c; dry Central American 32%c
Goat Skins — Prime Anjroras. 75c; large and
smooth. 50c: medium. «J5c: small. 20c
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 44®4%c per lb"
No. 2, 4#4«c; grease. 24@3c. ?
Mail advices from New York say of Hops:
"The advices received from the coast reported
firm markets, and in California there was &
moderate amount or trading at full prices;
sales were reported at SCO bales Sonomas at
25(f?25VjC. \u25a0Washington advices reported that
bids were made of 24c and 244c for choice Ya
kim.is. Owing to tho reported damage •» the
quality of Oregon Hops by mold dealers were
holding off until the Oregon crop was baled
before operatlrg freely. State advices reported
strong markets, with 30c for choice selections
freely bid. Growers were reported slow in
meeting dealers at this figure. som« advancing
their prices to as high as 32c. Some flirure
that the rales the past few days on the basis
of ,"0c for choice States amount to close to
1000 bales. The local market held firm. Ther*
wns some trading between dealers and a sale
was reported of 73 bales prime to choice 1902
Pacifies at 21c. Brewers continued to give a
fair amount of attention to tho market and
were making; small purchases, paying; full
prices. Latest cable advices from England
show a ttndency to Increase estimate sllghtly
of the English crop, some figuring on a yield
of 4!>0.C00 cwt."
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Wheat— Sept. Oct. Dec.
Opening 6 3^ 64
Closing 6 2»i 6 3%
PARIS.
"Wheat — Sept. Jan.-Apl.
Opening 21 20 21 20
Closing 21 20 21 20
\u25a0 Flour-
Opening 32 SO 28 20
Closing 32 95 28 45
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was steady. Creameries. I(Vff214c;
Dairies. 14(3 10c. Eggs, steady, 18@19c. Cheese
firm. 10*i@ll*;c. •
There were heavy receipts of hay again yes
terday, but the market held up and was quoted
steady, with expectations of an Improvement
In prices before long. .Fecdstuffs remained un
changed, though they are arrlvinR right along
from tho north in liberal quantities.
BHAN — $21 S0<g22 Ou per ton.
MIDDLINGS — $2« 60029 per ton.
SHORTS— $21 6Cff2-J 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFF'S -Helled Darley, $24@25 per
ton; Ollcnko Meal at the mill. $26^20 50; Job
bing. *27@27 50: Cocoanut Cake, $2lft2: :
Corn Meal. $32 50@.13; Cracked Corn $33®
33 60: Mixed Feed. $22 50^23 50; Horse Beans
$2Si&:<0 per ton.
HAY— Wheat, $11©14 00, with sales of extra
choice at $15; Wheat and Oat. $11013 60; Oat.
$ll)«13; Wild Oat, $0 00@U 50; Barley. $0@ll
Clover, $8 60311; Stock. $S®I»; Alfalfa. $9 500
10 50 per ton.
STRAW — 35®65o per bale.
Hay and Fccdstuffs.
Articles — . Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 3,000 14.000
Wheat, bushels OO.OCO 18. (500
Corn bushels 500,000 171,700
Oats,' bushels 200,100 47.I-0O
Rye. bushels 5,000 1,200
Barley, bushels 114,000 8,1500
CURED MEATS — Bacon. 12%c per lb for
heavy. 13c for light medium. 15c for light.
154 C for extra lfght, 174c for sugar-cured and
184o for extra sugar-cured; Eastern sugar
cured Hams. 154^ 1 5%c: California Hams 15
<gl5}4c: Mees Beef. $11 50 per bbl; extra Mess
$12fxl2 M>; Family. $13®13 50; prime Mesa
Pork $10; extra clear, $25; Mess, $20; Dry
Salted Pork, 124c; Pig Pork. $29; Pigs' Feet,
$5 25: Smoked Beef, 15c per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at ~%o per lb for
compound and 104@10 1 Vic for pure; half bar
rels, pure. ll«?ll%e; 10-lb tins. HVieilHc;
5-lb tins ll%c; 3-Ib tins. ll%c.
COTTOLENE— One half barrel. 9%c; three
half barrels. 94c; one tierce. 9?»c; two tiercea
9i4c; five tierces. Q%c per lb.
Chicago was higher, with the packers still
supporting tho market. There was nothing new
here. > '
Provisions.
Stock and Bond Exchange.
_____
MONDAY. Sept. 2S— 2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bld.Ask.( ' Bid.Ask.
4s qr coup — — Its qr c (new) — —
i ds qr reg — — |f* qr coup... 100 100%
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. — — | Do 5s — —
Bay CPC 5s. 104 103 Do con 5s. — —
lalCG 5s.. 103% — O W C g 5s. — —
! Cal G & E g Oceanic 8 5s. — —
| m & ct 5s. — — Om C R 6s. — —
j Cal-st 5s — — !PacG Im 4s. — —
C C Wat 5s. — 105 |P E Ry 5«. . .10»%iio%
PA L & P 6s. 125 130 P & C H «s. — —
F&CH6s. — — P & O R 6a. — —
1 Geary-st 5s. — 50 Powell-st 6s. — —
HC4S 54s — — S E G&R 5s — 103
: H C & S 58.101 1024 SF & SJV 5s — 120U
Hon R T Cs. — 10S S R of C 6s. — —
L A Elec 5s. — 105 S P of A 6s. — —
L A Ry 5s.. 1154H7 (1909) — \ —
. LALCoCs. — — (1010) — 1004
Do gtd 6s. — — S P of C 6s. — —
i Do gtd 5s. — — (1JX>5) Sr A — —
I LAP lem 5s. 100 105 <1!M)5) Sr B103% —
1 Mkt-Bt C 6s. US — (1906) — —
• Do lem 5s. — — «1912) — —
! NRR of C 6s — 1074 SPC 1 eg 5s. — 119
NRCofCSs. — — Do stmpd.107%1084
i N P C R 5s. — 1084 S P B R 6s. — —
NCR 5s... — 113 S V "Wat 6s. — —
N C P C 5s. 100 101 Do 4s 2dm. 10O 100&
N S R 5a... 094 — Do 4% 3dm. 09% —
p G L H 5s.. — — Ptkn GAE 6» — —
O T Co 6s.. — 121 V G & E 6b.. — —
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 50 574!Sp V W W.. 84U 84%
Marln Co... 61 — fp V W Co. 42 42&
j'ort Costa... — — I
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L, & P. 34 4 4 Fa? E G & R — —
Equit Gas — — S F G & E-. 65 «7" 7 I
Mutual E L. 10 114 S F Gas ... 3 —
: Pac O Imp. Si. — Stock O & E — • —
! Pac Lighting 554 — U G * E — —
TRUSTEES" CERTIFICATES.
S F G & E. . — 67 J
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd. — — f
BANK STOCKS.
Am Nat Bk. — 126 L P & A... — —
Annlo-Cal . . — — Mer Trust . . — —
Bank of Cal. 545 — Merch Ex . . — —
Cal Safe I>p. — — S F Nation! — —
First Natlonl — —
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L. . — — Sav & L Soc f»5 —
Hum S & L. — — Sec Sav Bk.400 500
Mutual Sav. — — Union T. Co. — —
S F Sav U..600 700
STREET RAILROADS.
California ...197 205 iPresldlo .... — 41
Geary ...... — — | .
POWDER.
Giant 6o*i 664/Vigorit 4% 5
SUGAR.
Hana P Co. 25c — Kllauea S C. — —
Hawaiian C. 45% 46<-4 Makawell C. . 20 21 Vi
Honokaa S C 134 14 Onomea S C. 324 34
Hutch S P C 12 12ft Paauhau S C 16ft ITU
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack.155 15SVil Oceanic S C. — —
Cal Fruit As. 954 87 Pac A F A. . — —
Cat Wine As 06% 97Vi|Pac C Bor_.167 —
Morning Session.
Board —
50 Hana Plantation Co 30
125 Hawaiian Corn'l £ Sugar 46 00
35 Hutchlnson S P Co 12 50
25 Makawell 21 SO
10 Pacific Coast Borax 167 HO
10 S F Gas 4: Electric Ct> 87 00
$1000 S P of C 6s (1905, series B)...1O6 75
?17,000 S V 4s (2d mtge) 100 00
Street—
|3000 Bay Counties Power Co 5s VA 25
Afternoon Session.
Board —
10 Cal Wine Assn 96 75
100 Hana Plantation Co \u25a0 25
I 75 Hawaiian Com & Sugar 46 00
5 Pacific Gas Imp 53 00
10 Spring Valley Water Works... 84 25
40 Spring Valley Water Works... 84 50
$5000 8 P of C €a (1006) 107 75
California Stock and Oil Exchange
Oil Stocks— Bid. Asked
Alma 1 25 1 no
Apollo 40 45
Associated Trust Cert 20 22
Aztec *. 75
< "al if orn la Standard 11 v _.
Caribou 105 1 07U
Central Point Con «3 a
Chicago Crude 20 21
Claremont .... Ul ....
Esperanza 130 ....
Four 67 tjo
Fulton 2 9O
Giant 20 'J5
Hanford 136 00 140 00
Home »7Vi 1 05
Imperial 18 00
Independence 17 is
Junction 13 211
Kern 5 OO . .
Kern River 12 5O
Lion ' (XI 04
Monarch of Arizona 52 -,t
Monte Cristo '... 70 74
Occidental of W Va is 19
Oil City Petroleum 20 30
Peerless 13 73 14 25
Pittsburg 23 ....
Reed Crude »l \u25a0 4-.
S F and McKittrick S50 ...
San Joaquin O and D "5 50 ....
Senator W " ....
Sovereign 40 41
Sterling ....2 80 310
Superior 0« 07
Thirty -Three 725 80O
Toltec 21
Twenty-Eight 4 OO 435
West Shore 2 W 3 23
\u25a0 Miscellaneous —
Abby Land and Imp 1 50 2 OO
Alarnedo, Surar 21) OO
American Biscuit .......... S.S 00 05 00
American 'District Tel -....
Cal Gas & Electric Corp ....
< MONDAY. Sept. 23— 4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. ilulla 02 03
Alpha <M 0s Justice 08 OU
Alta 04 06 [Kentucky ... 02 03
Andes 15 16 K Graessler.. 63 C4
Peleher 26 2S Mexican 110 113
Best & Bel ..1 40 1 60 Occidental ... 30 J2
Bullion 00 1<> Ophir 1 65 1 70
Caledonia ... 05 95 Overman .... 22 2(
Thai Con 3:S 35 Potosl 27 2S
Thollar 24 23 Savage , 27 2I»
Confidence .. KS vSi Scorpion ..... 02 04
Ton C & Va.l 40 1 45 Seg Belcher.. 08 li»
Con Imperial. 03 04 Sierra Nev .. 62 , \u25a0 Kl
Con N T 18 20 Silver Hill ..31 S>
Crown Point. It 12 St Louta .... — 1«
Eureka Con . 40 50 Syndicate ... — W»
Exchequer ..12 \A Union Con ..73 74
Gould & Cur. 22 i'i rtah 13 14
Hale & Nor. Al 5o Tel Jacket... 44 4«S
Lady Wash.. 02 O4
TONOPAH MINES.
Colehan — 20 Pine Orovt... 60 64
Esperanza ... 02 —Rescue OS 10
Gipsy Queen. 2.1 — Ton Belmont.l 23 1 35
.Gold Mount.. 05 — T & Cat 15 Zi
I>ucky Tom . . — 10 Von Fraction. — 60
MacNarnara, . 14 lnjTon t O W. — lft
Montana Ton. 08 1 CO; Tonopah — 7 50
N Y Ton — 10 Ton N Star.. 3« 37
Paymaster .. 10 H'Ton Midway. 4U **
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
| EASTERN MARKETS.
Near York Stock Market.
NEW YORK, Sept. 2S— Another day's liqui
<"aticn in the etock market kept apprehension
/<!lve and was a« much without specific explan
ation as that which h*« gone before. .The liqui
dation wae mostly for small nmo'unts and
<-»me from all quarters. There was a large
accumulation of these *fc!limr order* oyer Sun
day and there tfctmed- to be a good deal of
Veiling out by commission houses whose no-.
; tiflcatlcns to cuitomers for additional margin
hkd been ignored over * Sunday. All the for
eign rontfrs which bold any appreciable quan
tity of American. securities, also flRured in the
k :':-re. All news of a favorable tenor was ig
nored, and the demand practically paralyzed
except for occasional buying by uncovered
t.horts. Tiie buyer who form the complement
JfOT every nc-lier seemed to wait for stock's to
t>« .offered to him and made no bid. There
»e« a .considerable amount of this sort of
buyilir which waa traced .with confidence to
'poamat the largest banking Interest*, who-eat
\u25a0 jt;9edtherr.selv«B v.-|th this measure of nupport
' for the market. It was quite ineffective in
• x-reventinr the sharp downward course of
l»rice» : although tt may have, prevented the
.demoralization which was feared.
AI> three United Ftate« Ht«-el «e«-urHI«-* low
. *>rf>£ thrir record price* by wid* margin*, the
».>mmon touching 15. the preferred 59 and the
bonds 67*4,.
' The rK^* u re upon the last named was es
pecially urgent and vigorous. The only at
' t~TQ.pt to explain this ei-'iling was a rumor that
!v came from that part of the membership of
the indicate underwriting: the stock • conver
sion. »hich_ plan was dosiicr.ed to avoid the
K»mis of tlu> extension of the syndicate.
The- local traction stocks were another cen
, »Vr of weakness led by Metropolitan Street
lUilway. which' fell to within a shade of par.
•">.!* weakness was variously explained as due
.'to .the liquidation forced by over-extension In
other quarter* and by unfavorable internal de
velopment*. " Part of the *ellins in this stock
•was «s«id ,*jo r-ome froni .Philadelphia, which
was also k."J enormc;i» seller of Fenn&yivania.
The -jiressure upon Pennsylvania carried it
<5<swri 4Vi at the last and was th» factor in un
tVuiinjr'the close. Previous* to this last slump
in Pcjnsylvania there had. been quite an ef
f«:ctix-e rally all round <lue to the apparent
< \u25a0 rsntit.n to the liquidation in the. United States
Steel- «tocka. AmalBamau-d Copper was an
<,ther •took which was severely handled and it
was eufpected that the abandonment of the
plan fot an upward bull campaign was th<;
»ause of this selling. The t.ews of the day
was not an -influence. A batch of railroad'
f«rainj;» for August which shoved mostly in
rr<asn were Ignored. Money rates handened
both on call ».ud time, but pave no indica
tion of etrlngency In any case. The closing
Ws .active and irregular.
Bonds were .weak in sympathy with stocks.
Total eales, par value. $5,055,000.
United States' 2s declined 14 per cent, and
the 3» and new 4* »4 per cent on the last
CalL ' HEW TORK ETOCK-LIST.
Stocks — Sale*. High. Low. Close,
Atchison «.!<» •\u25a0«»% 1 CO'i
Atchifon Pfd 3.*» CTH . MJ4 -.W«i
Halto & Ohio .... ".!«> "H 71% 72^
f-.alto & Ohio pfd- 400 fi5*i 85 S&
Canadian Pacific... 8.000 ll»Vi 118 1184
CtatrmJ of J»' J ....• 163
Flour, steady; No. 3 spring wheat. 81c; No.
2 red 76fj"»54c; No. 2 corn, 40e; No. 2 yel
low, 48c- No 2 oats, 304®.;"c; No. 2 white,
r.2(558c; No. 3 white, MQ&Sc; No. 2 .rye. 50fi)
f&c; pood feeding barley. 47c; No. 1 flaxseed.
07c; No. 1 Northwestern. $1 03; prime timothy
peed. ?3 074; mess pork, per barrel $11 70*2
11 7f>; lard per 100 pounds. $io 45@10 f.O;
short ribs sides (loose) $« 7.VS9 124; dry salt
fd ehouldprs (boxed). $6 0240 0 75; short clear
sides (boxed). $8 75<?0 25; whisky, basis of
hleh wines. ?1 23; clover, contract grade,
?10 25. .
Cash quotations ranged as follows
FLOUR — California Family Extras, $4 C0@
4 S5. usual terms; Bakers' Kxtras. $1 5O04 CO'
Oregon and Wasf-.inRton. $3 uu&4 20 per bbl
for family and %,\ >M<ili 40 for Bakers'.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices in packages are as
follows: Grahara Flour, $3 2.1 per 100 lbs; Rye
Flour, $3 25; Rye Meal, $3; Rice Flour. $7:
Corn Meal. $3 25; extra cream do. $4; Oat
Groats. Jl 50; Hominy. $4'#4 25; Buckwheat
Flour. ?4 MSI 75; Cracked Wheat, f.t 75- Fa
rina, $ A CO; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50: Rolled
Oats, bbl3, l~ 25@8 <50;ln -sacks. $8 75@S 10:
Pearl Barley. $0; Split Peas, boxes. $7; Green
Peas, J5 00 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
Articles — Open. High. Low. Clsoe.
Wheat No. 2 —
Sept. new 7tJ4 764 76 7fl'i
Dec.' new 76T» 77>4 76% 77
May - 78 78% 78 78Vi
Corn No 2 —
September \u25a0\u25a0 45V4 45% 45 45%
December 45*4 4G>£ 45% 46
May 454 45% 45V4 45%
Oats No 2—
September 36% ?.d% 36 3fiU
•December 37l<i 37>4 384 30%,
May 37% 377, 37% 37*,
Mfss Pork, per barrel —
September 10 BO
October 1160 1180 1160 1175
January 12 10 12 55 12 10 12 50
May 12 274 12 65- 12 274 12 624
Lard per 100 pounds —
October I In 7 S74 7 B0 7 ".">
January '. 6 75 6 924 6 75 6 90
• Short Ribs, per 100 pounds —
September . 0 SO 0 SO
( >ctol»r » 2i> i» 25 f» 20 U 2l>
January 6 47 4 6 65 - 6 474 6 «2>/.
The demand for fruit continues good at firm
quotations. Opening prices for Raisins appear
below.
NEW FRUIT— Apricots. 7@94c' for Royals
and ©©lie for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples,
5(g6c; Peaches. 5>407c: Pears. 5@9c: Nec
tarines. 4«M4c for white; Figs, white. 44®
4%c in boxes; Plums pitted. 5@7c per lb
PRUNES— 1!K>3 crop. 24@3c for the four
elzes; 1902 crop. 2?t@29;c for the four sizes.
RAIKINS — Following are opening prices free
on board to common shipping points: Imperial
clustf-rs, S-'t ocr 20-lb box; Dehesa clusters.
$2 f»0: fancy clusters, $2; 3-crown London Lay
ers, $1 f>5; 2-crown London Layers, $1 45; 4
crown standard loose Muscatels, 6%@7c per
lb; 3-rrown standard loose Muscatels, fl
64c; 2-crown standard Muscatels, fi^GUe;
Seedless Muscatels, 5c; Seedless Muscatels,
floated, 5Ue; Seedless standard Sultanas, 5c;
Thompson Se-dless standard. 6c. The follow
ing quotations on seeded are for a limited
quantity only: Fancy. IS ounces per lb, l%c;
fancy, 12 ounces per package, e^c; choice, 16
ounces per lb, 74c; choice, 12 ounces per pack,
age. €LUc; fancy, bulk, per lb, 74c; choice,
bulk, rer lb. 7%C.
NUTS — Walnuts. No. 1 softshell. 124c- No.
2 104c; No. 1 hardshell 12c; No. 2. 10a; new
Almonds lie for Nonparlels. 104c for I X L.
lOVic for Ne Plus Ultras and 8%c for Langue
doc; Peanuts. 6<37c for Eastern; Pecans, 11@
13c; Cocoanuts. $4 Cu®5.
HONEY— Comb. now. 124@134e for white
and 0@llc for amber; new water white ex
tracted. 5V4<f?64c; light amber extracted 8c:
dark 34644c.
. BEESWAX— 27g29c per lb.
Dried Fruits,Nuts, Raisins, Honey
Thirty-Three Oil Co. has declared a dividend
of 10 cents per share, amounting: to $10,000,
payable October 6.
Imperial OH Co. has declared a dividend of
20c per share, amounting to $20,C0O, payable
October 6.
Local securities opened the week quietly and
quotations showed no fluctuations worthy of
comment. The oil stocks were very dull.
The Onomea Sugar Company will pay a reg
ular monthly dividend of 40 cents per share
October --
1000 Esperanza ... 03 ' 100 Mont Ton ..1 00
200 Gipsy Queen.. 2G ! 500 Rescue .. lrt
200 Gold M Con. 05 BOO Ton N Star.. 37
200 Hannapah ... 15. 200 Wild Gooae ..2 50
1000 Esperanza ... 03 100 Ton A Cal .. 27
30O Gipsy Queen.. 2« 100 Ton N Star.. 34
250 Mont Ton ...1 «O 10O Ton N Star.. 35
1C0 Mont Ton ... 89 10O Ton N Star. . 37
Afternoon Session.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Minlns Exchange yester-
Morning Session.
TONOPAH MININO EXCHANGE.
200 Alpha Con ... OS ; 200 Exchequer ... 13
300 Andes 15 300 Gould & Cur. 22
200 Andes 1«' 300 Gould & Cur. %\
200 Belcher 25! 400 Overman .... XI
5OO Bullion OiV 500 Potosi 22
30O Bullion 10 300 Potosl 24
fiOO Challenge Con 31 40O Savage 24
300 Chollar 21 ! 300 Savage 25
300 Chollar 22: 200 sierra Nev .. 61
500 Chollar 23 2T.0 Silver Hill . . 62
100 Con C & Va.l 45 200 Silver Hill .. «l
250 Con Imperial. 03 200 Union Con .. 71
25O Con Imperial. Ot 4OO Utah la
ROO Crown Point.. 12 2flO Utah 13
300 Exchequer ... Hi 300 Yellow Jacket 43
400 Exchequer ... 13i
Afternoon Session.
20O Andes lrt 30O Silver Hill .. 61
100 Con NY 19 200 Silver Hill . . «O
200 Gould & Cur. 22 30O Silver Hill . . R7
1C0 Mexican 1 10 2CO Silver Hill .. 08
.".CO Potosi 2fl, 30O Union Con .. 7::
500 Potosl 27; 200 Utah 13
300 Savage 28 200 Yellow Jacket 41
l»0 Sierra Nev .. 81 1
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday: ;
Morning Session.
2500 Alpha 07 200 Potosl 22
loo Caledonia ....1 CO 200 Potosl 23
200 Con C & Va..l 4f. 000 Silver Hill .. Bl
100 Con C & Va.l 45 TOO Union 71
11UO Con NY M 30O Utah 13
300 Gould & Cur. Xi 100 Tel Jacket... 47
200 Julia tv> 400 Yel Jacket... 4a
\u25a0\». Afternoon Session.
100 Confidence ... &S 2tiO Savage 2»
100 Con C & Va.l 40 400 Silver Hill .. 60
600 C New York. lt> 100 Union Ta
50 Crown Point.. 11 200 Union 72
100 Occidental ... 30 1(10 Utah 13
400 Potosi 2tS 200 Yel Jacket... 45
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the Pacific
Etock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
Mining Stocks.
CHICAGO. Sept. 2R. — The demand for wheat
was slack and conditions st home and abroad
were bearish. December opened %®T*c lowtr
at 76 r <si@'7C 7 <iC. Notwithstanding the bearish
Influences there was a momentary bulge im
mediately after the opening, buying by scat
tered shorts on which December went to 76Tkc.
An easier feeling engendered by the Wall
street weakness foon followed, however, local
commission houses and pit traders selling free
ly and stop lotfs orders were reached on the
ensuing decline. December went back to 76->»
(570^ c. studying later on buying by elevator
Interests to 76"6Q77c. a net loss of %c at the
close.
Corn responded readily to the bearish in
fluences — the unsettled feeling in Wall street,
fine weather and lower cables — December open
ing 4S 7 *c lower at 45%*i45%c. December sold
up late in the session to 46c. the better feel
ing being helped somewhat by reports of mold
In Kan.-as fields. The cloee was a ehade off.
the top at 45?(<<<?'46c. a net loss of V t @%c.
The oats market was largely a sympathetic
one and trade was mostly of a scalping na
ture. The close showed December off %c
at 3C%c.
The provision list was strong with the ex
ception of October pork, which showed a loss
of 20c at fll 75. Fackers were the best buy
ers and offerings were light with hog prices
steady. October lard closed 224c higher at
$." 75 and ribs were up 5c at f 9 25.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Chicago Grain Market.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...$1 01) . ?1 00 $1 0«4 $l 084
OATS— Offerings are ample, the demand is
nothing extra and the market continues easy.
White, $1 20@l 324; Hlack. $1 40J?l 60;
Red, $1 20© 1 224 for common and $1 25-31 'M
for choice; Gray, $1 224'&1 274 per ctl.
CORN — A declining: Chicago market and al
most daily receipts from the West keep the
market weak, though there is no further de
cline. *
Western, sacked. $1 424 for Yellow, $1 42>/i
for White and $1 40 for mixed; California larye
Yellow, $1 4W1 50; small round do, $1 70i«
1 75; White. ?1 50 per ctl.
IJYE— $1 25<31 30 per ctl.
BL'CKWHEAT-ft 25fc2 50 per ctl.
2 p. m. Pesslon.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...$1 09% U l f > $1 09 fl 00&
Feed, $1 10@l 124; Shipping and Brewing.
*1 17461 224; Chevalier. $1 20@l 50 for fair
to choice.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...$1 30% $1 3»'d $1 39 . $1 30
BARLEY — The week opened quietly. Fu
tures were lower, but cash prices remained un
changed.
CASH BARLET.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...$1 404 fl 404 $1 40 $1 40Vi
May 1 40'i 1 40% 1 404 1 404
2 p. m. Session.
California Club, $1 45@1 474; California
White Australian, $1 55@1 60; Northern Club.
$1 42401 45; Northern Blue Stem, $1 524®
1 674; Oregon Valley, $1 474 per ctl.
FUTURES. *
Session 0 to 11:30 a. m.
CASH WHEAT.
WHEAT — The world's shipments for the week
were as follows, in quarters: Russian, C10.COO;
Danubian. 233,000; Argentine, 4i>,000; Indian,
222, COO. w -
The American visible supply increased 1.262.
000 bushels. Chicago was somewhat lower.
The large shipments from foreign countries,
fine weather and expectations of large North
western receipts this week created an easier
feeling and made plenty of bears. The market
Is now on an export basis and the milling de
mand is fair.
Aside from a decline in futures there was no
change in this market.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days — 4 83
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 87
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 88
New York Exchange, sight — 074
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 10
Silver, per ounce — 59%
Mexican Dollars, nominal 47 40
Exchange and Bullion.
OREGON.
Flour qr sks .. 6,544|Mlddllngs. sks.. SCO
Oats. «ls 2. 153 Shorts, sks .... 1.87H
Bran, sks 3,200] Feed, sks 255
FOR MOXTJlAT. SEPTEMBER 2S.
Flour, qr sk* .. 11.644 Wool bales 14*
Wheat. ctU 8,107 Feed, sks 10
Barley, ctls . . . 30,f>20 Sugar, ctls .... 900
Oats ctls 717:PeIt». No. 4.147
Beans, sks 4,«33 Hides, No 2.121
Corn (West) ctls 600 Tallow, ctls ... 2ftS
Potatoes, sks .. 8, SH)' Chicory, bbls .. 50
Bran sks ' S3rt Quicksilver, flks 120
Onions sks . . . 1,2*2 Leather rolta . . 209
Middlings, sks.. 67,Llme. bbl» BWi
Hay. tons 1.2461 Wine, gals 54.700
Hops, bales 490'Erandy. gals .. 250
Receipts of Produce.
Mali advices from New Tcrk say of Dried
Traits: . -'
"Spot P«ictaes are a little more firmly held.
*'ith a fair demand noted for choice in 25-lb
b r x»s aad extra choice at ~%c to 8«- t c as to
holder.. Ccsst advices note a flrrcer feeling
• emcr.g holiers there. Arrlcots are in Jobbing
fltltfllfl a'nd values reniain firm but unchanged,
frx-t PrunA are in fair jobbing request, with
f-mf.-tinr.n«£ ,rer>orted in the madium sizes.
In a ct.sk way F&les are noted at 4*»c for
00>?0i and 4c fcr 7O-K0» In 25-lb boxes. There
is r*f. ;rte<i a ttrcrg market on futures in
f ar.ta Claras, with a 3o four-size basis quoted
'. 1t esr'y thipment from the cfiast. Occasional
Fsle» ye reported at a slight shading from this
C'fcure. «In Raisins there is noted a good Jnb-
t t>ir.?r demand for cleaned in 1-lb cartons, with
• »*• t6 cycted on Eastern park and S\*c to
% £ 4'J *»' coat tr rack. Loose is steady and un
>V.»njre<l % Interest centers in the probable
ti^tiinif "bat-is on the new pack seeded. Figs
cr' in ittir demand."
'-'••'' Weather Report.
• • <!2t--h M*pri<l!an— Pacific Time.)
'gAN* FRANCISCO. Sept. 2-S— h p. m.
COAST RECORD.
•"• T"" ~ 2 2 C M t
•\u25a0' .• "* §:''jf5 si ~* »5 S
= tl == ?\u25a0= ~.c r
. S-TaVioN. ' 5J 2s 2= g.3 ?"* ».
.. . . •*:*\u25a0&\u25a0:. •% C
• -: t « • •
'" rvr-r. ...... .29.74 TS 3S NE . CVar .W)
ObrscB* 2:>.' i '.' 74 4't *^V Clear .00
• .. reiA 30.08 5S &0 W Clourty .C2
5' > a\\'-r. :;o.CO &S H N'W Cloudy T.
'.•--\u25a0 (T.S9.M R« 5S T\' O&t • .<"0
•J n.-s;«ft 2S.90 54 40 S «":o'J<ly .36
. ' - ; rr,^rr:-o .^9. SO 72 5S SE C.oudy ' T.
« \u25a0 <* -Anc-e'.eK. .30.02 72 CO W Cloudy .20
*•,• L-Tuoalp«lB.=0.30 50 4« ?W t>sc- Fg T.
• .' . b HefiJ ...".o.r^ OS 62 NW Cloudy .52
':•\u25a0 r-y.x ... ,. .;i».!Xi 74 58 K PiCidy 1.3'»
.* uteao r...2s).7« "l :n R' Cloudy .00
fpptttasxa 4 S9.02 \u2666<) 54 EV Pt Cldy .41
•< r.' >U \u25a0>\u25a0<<,-. ..T.'.VU 5S 46 NW «"lou<1y .<K)
• *i' ?<ufT 29.94 CS 56 SE Clfar .<>0
r-onpbers; ...3O.f>« ii-2 M-NE Cloudy .<H
F« rmtacntS ..23.fi<s rs M s-w Pt Ci<]y .00
'.-.• 1_nke ...2Q.£ r > «r<i 42 8 Cloudy T.
.<.-. rVarvisca.iO.^ *<2 T>\ SW Clrvjrly T.
p \u25a0• :. OtJttpc^,. .3*.C* 70 M W Ooudy T.
J •. 1'i-co .'..ZZ.U* 72 f.r, x\v Clear " T.
r-attle W.C0 <2 4S NE Rfln .70
.- t • fey. >.«• 2».72 74 :«* S^' Clnudy \r<>
»•; ..-••r.t 2!».»*J r.S 4<» SW Kain .42
' V a :a Wa'U.C».RI 7« S4 SW Cloudy .<iO
iVinnowjcta .20.74 7S 40 w <:ie.ir ,co
'•V^r.ia ...'..:. .29. So 82 06 W Clear T.
.ut;a|her conditions and general
forecast.
• Ty.e pr«f*tSre ha« nw^n .. :-.s the coast and
; !>••' "falUn in the intermountaln rcgri«Bi. A
;.>./)rV'4 dfr^^f^'on overlies Nevaca and phow
tr* in reported in the Southern Pi»rra.« and
'.fntccus rains in Arizona. X«w Mexico and
iCoiUi western Texas. Of>o<1 rains have also
Callca in Oregon and Washinston.
" Mu (1 h cv*W w*athfr prevails over the
' i) .: .-iifrn' .i-alf of the F'acific Slope. At Fed
151 jiluflf.. Rc^r-bun? ar;i Portlord" there has been
:i f.iiV of 20 degree*. No ra'n has yet fallen
in t«e JSan Joarjuin Valley, but conditions are
'•Ftill f«vorat>le for fhouerf. and raisin makers
• hav<> been advised to ke*p their trays stacked.
liastboumi trav«"Jere * "»ver southern r&utes
r.iay "cxj>ect heavy rair»_ east of the Colorado
1 JUv*r:
• ' Fmt-caf-'t ma'i/ »t San Francifcq for thirty
hours, 'ending mi<2riiKht. S^ptf mber'29:-
NcrthcrU . California — Cloudy, unsettled
vath»r;' probably *howero; continued cool
• veather: southerly wind.
.* Califf.rnia — O"»u<5y. unsettled
MpmtYtr. probably showers «re«h southwest
. 'tcirrdF. -
NV-vefla — Clc-udy; cooler; brisk, to high west
erly winds.
San Francisco an* vicinity — Cloudy, unsettled
Veather with thowcrt : freeh southwest winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
District Forecaster.
Dried Fruits in New- York.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Adams Con 10,Little Chief n<j
Alire l<i Ontario 455
IJreece 12 Ophir 1 5-,
Bruns' Con (H Phoenix 1 OS
Com Tunnel — \u25a0. 064^Poto«l jjj
Con Cal & Va. . . . 1 ::n Kavagi> - 0
I>adwood Terra.. 1 OC 'Sierra Nov 55
Tlorn Silver 1 On Small Hopes .... "Q
Iron Silver 1 30 Standard 1 73
Leadvllle Con .,. 02
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — t Mining —
Call loans 3 @4 Adventure 41/
Time loans 54S6 AUoucz *y
Bonds — 1 Amalgamated .... 3714
Atchlson 4s 97»£ ; Daly West 38
Railroads— j Blngham 21
Atchison 80% Calumet & H ..430
Atchison pfd 8C%;CentenniaI 1514
Boston & Al 240 j Copper Range ... 40%
Boston & Maine.. ICOV&l Dom Coal csvi
Boston Ele'v ....135 Franklin .... h
N Y. NH & H..193 Isle Royal e ....'.'. «
Fitchburg pfd ...1344 Mohawk 3714
Union Paciac .... 07% Old Dom ......... 7
Mex Central 10Vi Osceola R0
Miscellaneous — Parrot 174
Amer Sugar 109 Quincy &5
Amcr Sugar pfd .116% Santa Fe Cop 1U
Amer Tel &. T....124% Tamarack 82
Dom Iron &.S 10 Trinity i. 0V4
Gen Electric ......138 United States /.. 17%
Mass Electric ....17% Utah 23%
Mass Elec pfd .. 77 Victoria 3
United Fruit 96 Wlnona C
U S Steel .... 15% Wolverine CO
V S Bteel Dfd ... S9>A
Westnghse Com .. 6S«-I
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS,
IJ S ref 2s, reg..IO7 s i,Hock Val 4liis...lO4
Do coupon lOS'/jiL & N unified 4s. OSVi
Do 3s. rec 10*.) Mex Cent 4s 71 4
Do coupon 109 Do 1st inc 124
Do new 4s. reg.I35 Minn & St L 4s.. 'i.VV.
Do coupon 135 M. K & Tex 4s... 97V*
Jjo old 4s. rfg..H14 Do 2ds 7()i2
Do coui-on 112 1 , KRRof Mex con4s 7r.
"Do 5s, rrg 1024 N Y C gen 34s.. 96
DO coupon 102'iiN J C gen 5s... .127%
Atrh Ken 4s W~i Nor Pac 4s 101
Do adj 4s 89. Do 3s . . . : 704
Atlantic C Iine4s. 90 Nor & W con 4i> m;»;
lial & dhio 4*...» : o 8 L <\u25a0 A rartlc XSU
Do 34s «2Uipa conv 3V-s ... Oi'A
Central of Oa r*.lO4^, jKeatlinK pen 4s>.. '.n\.
Do l?=t inc 70 H Jj & I M ron Ss.lll
Chff^ & Ohio 44.sI01% S L & SF fe 4«.. 79
«'hi &, Alton :t4*. "Tr, St Louis K\V l->ts 92
C. B * Q new 4s. !K)«i Seaboard A L 4s.. 74
CICAStP sen 4b.10J |Ho P^c- 4h mj
rhi & N\V con 7m.1:<! « |Ko Iiy 5 S IHK,
Clii. n I & Pac 4s mi-i'i-cx & Pac lsts. 11 \u25a0'
C.RI & Pac coins. 72 V, 8 1- & W 4s... rai^
<\C,O&StL gen is 1)54 Cnlon Pr.c 4s ... wS
'f"hi Term 4s .... 734 Do conv 4s ... 01 *;
Con Tcb 4s r.2'4|U S Steel 2d 5s.. »;s-.7
Colo & So 4s 8T Wabafh lsts n.-j
1 »en & Rio O 4«. \'K\ Do deb B r> o
Erie rrrior Hen 4s. JWI'i W & L Eric 4s.. K«
Do ef-n 4s K24 Win Central 4s... KO
F W & D C ifits.lOlV^'Colo F & 1 con 4s 70
NEW YORK BONDS.
Ches & Ohio 2.100 28V» 27% 27%
Chicago & Alton.. 3,200 1914 IS*, 18%
Chi & Alton pfd.. 200 61 61 59%
Chicago & G W... 2.900 14% U% 14%
Chi & G W B pfd. 400 25 • 2t 2lVt
Chicago & N W... 700 154% 153 152
Chi Term & Tran. 600 SV* 8 8%
Chi avrm & T pfd- 200 15H 15«4 16
C C C & St L &00 60^ 67 68^
Colo Southern «00 ll'i 10% 11
Colo So 1st pfd.. 3OJ 48 47»i 47«£
Colo So 2*1 pfd ... 300 18»i ISVb 18H
Del & Hutoon .. 2.000 150H 149 14SX*
Del Lack & West 225
Denver & Rio G.. 600 20 10 >£ 19 %
Denver & R G pfd. 2.20O t!9 a i 67 67
Erie 28.500 24* 4 23*4 24%
Erie 1st pfd 6.300 63 3 i »>2% 63
Erie 2d pfd 6.400 45 44 UK
Great Nor rfd ieo
Hocking Valley 65
Hocking Valley pfd 79
Illinois Central .. 3,800 1274 120Vi 12«»i
Iowa Central 16«»
Iowa Central pfd 32
Kansas City So . . . 20<l mi 17 16"«i
Kansas City Po pfd 3<K> "4 33 34
Lou'.s & Nashville. KMnO 85 95 95»i
Manhattan L 13.000 12S 12«Vi 127
Metropolitan St Ry 13.200 103 100 lliOyi
Minn & St Louis.. 4<*> 50 49 45
Missouri Pacific ... 36.500 87U 83 8$%
Mo Kan & Texas. 2..V0 17V* 1>>% 16%
Mo K & Tex pfd.. l.fiOO 35 33», Xi%
N R R of Mcx pfj. i.400 28H 38 38
N Y Central 14,10k 11H 115 115
Norfolk & WeMPin . r ».600 5«% 55^ 55
Nor <S- West rfd 8«U
Ontario &• Western *.:!<» 19% 19 19
Pennsylvania m.koo lis*4 115V4 11.1^4
Pitts C C 4 ?t I f-5
Reading 59,300 45 43% 43%
Reading 1st rfd... 400 71<i 73 70
RfStfinK 2.1 pfd ... : 10it 65 63 60
Rock Island Co... .".2.-3OO 22% 21*4 22%
Rock Iflard Co pfd 2,100 57>i 5o% 56
Ft Lvn:i« ASF .-. 52
st L & s f m rf*i .'- 61
Pt I, & S F 21 pM. 200 4'i 42*4 42*i
Ft Lou: 8 S W 300 12% 12 12»i
St L S W rfd T.00 -30 28 29
St Paul 56,700 137 1^5 l.".5»i
St Paul pM 100 172% 172% 172
Southern Pacific .. 20,km<) :&^ 3&% 33^
Southern Ry 15.4<v> is:;, 17^4 17%
Southern Ry rfd.. 1,000 7!>ii 79 78»4
Texas & raein>... 4.P11O 22'4 2I»i 2IV5
Tol Pt L & 1Ve*t.. 2tt) 15% 15 16
Tol St L & W pfd. 10" 2H 2<1 244
Union Pacific 61. HO «2»% (>74 «7\
l"n!r,j» Pacific pfd.. 300 fcl'-i 83V, S4>4
Wabafh l/x*) 17%. 16 s !! 17
Wfibaeh pM .'. 4.500 2O - 274 274
•\Yh»el & L Erie.. 1.3'H) l."4 134 144
Wisrontln Central.. ftOO 16Vi 154 in>.4
\v isrc.nsin «Jen. prd. 5'Al ;;4->i ot 34Vj
Exrress Companies —
Ada m 5 223
American 175
Urjted States 300 100 K« 100
\V«ll6-FarKo ... .* l'jo
MisceUaneous —
Amaipam Copper .. 77.2«) 40% 37"^ 374
Am Car & F"ound. 2,4<X> 2.1'i 22% -22%
Am .Cer & F rfd.. !«V) 7*54 75 75
Am Lineepd Oil 100 10 lo 9
Am Lin Oil pfd ~2S
Am Locomotive ... 1,600 15% 144 144
Am I.oco pfd S:i0 824 " 82 81 4
Am Smelt & Ref.. 13,.'J0O 41 ij I»V4 40%
Am Bmrlt & It Pf.d. <KV> 87 V4 t.t>*i 87
Am Sugar Ref 1LC00 11U% Ji'SVt 109
Anaconda Min Co.. .100 70- 70 t>6
Brooklyn Rap Tran 27.S<»> n\% 20% 2!H4
Colo Fuel & Iron. .. 2.200 41% 40 41
Cv\ & Hock Coal . . ' 10%
• •(T.solldated Gag .. 2.!«iO 107 lfi.T ley,
General Electric .. 2,800 143% 138 139
Internat Paper ... .'JOO lO^i 10>4 10*4
Intcrnat Taper pfd. 200 C2'i til 4 Ooij
Internal Pump . . . .' S'SVi
Irt»rnat Pump pfd 70
Nntlonal Hisruit .. f.'K) 354 33 35
Natlrr.al L»ad l.eOO ISU 12% 12^
North American .. 2,200 7'Hj OS HS14
Pacific Mall 2f)O 18 17% 17
People's Gas' 4.700 8» 87-% SSU
Pressed Steel Car. . 2.C00 3'J% i1f% 31
Prersed S Car j>fd 74%
Pullman Pal Car.. 100 205 20r> 204
Republic Steel l.ftMl 9% 9 0
Republic Pte*a pfd. 4,3rt0 C0V4 r.!J% 60
Rubber Goods 500 14«4 14 U 1414
Itubber G.^od? rfd. 100 «* 6*1 " «3 '
.Ten n Coal &Iron.. 4.1^iO 31'4 30»,s 31%
TI S Leather 4. WO «% C. 6i' a
i: 8- Leather pfd... 1..VH) 75% 75% 75
U S Rubber 200 10 10 0%
U S Rubber pfd... 200 37 3U 3D
•C S Steel C4.2W 1( % ]."• 15
U S Steel pfd 5s. 400 <U WVi 59%
Western Union . 1,100 82 8O'/i 81 ?4
-
Total rales Zt.WB.1M
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK. Sept. 2S.— Bond transactions of
T."nited Railways of San Francisco; $25,000 at
70%c. $10.0Of) at 79H<\ S-lO.fltX) at 794c, $5000
at 70*ic, ?20.000 at 79Uc. $4000 at 79%c.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Or.. Sept. 2S.— Wheat— Walla
Walla, 73c; bluestem. 77c; valley, 77c.
Cat Cotton Mills 88 00 05 00
Cal Jockey Club 105 CO
Cal Shlppinr Co 25 OO
Cal Title Ins and Trust 130 00 140 00
Central Bank of Oakland... 60 00
Chutes Company 825 t>50
Cypress Lawn Into Co 6 25 ...
Fischer's Theater 2 BO ....
Gas Consumers' Assn 22 50
Honolulu Sugar .... 13 0O
Northern Cal Power 9 00 9 50
North Shore Railroad 9 00 ....
Orpheum Company 15 25 18 50
Pacific States Tel and Te! 115 00
Parafflne Paint 330O ....
San Francisco Drydock . 47 00 ....
Sanitary Reduction Works.. ..•. . 2 75
Sausallto Land and Ferry... 16 0O ....
Sperry Flour Company 27 50 30 00
Standard Electric 1* 00
Tesla Coal Co 30 CO
Truckee Electric 13 00 15 0O
Union Sugar 225O ....
United Gas and Electric... 34 50 ....
SALES.
Mornln: Session.
Board —
20O Caribou 105
22 Caribou 1 00
100 Kern Oil 6 CO
100 Esperanza 130
Afternoon Session.
Board —
1C0O Apollo 49
30O Four Oil 68
SEATTLE. Sept. 28. — Clearings, $770,676:
balances. $263,661.
PORTLAND. Sept. 21. — Clearings, $750,602;
balances, $100,674.
TACOMA. Sept. 28.— Clearings, $381,459;
balances, $44,558.
SPOKANE, Sept. 28. — Clearings, $426,100;
balances. $105,708.
Northern Business.
PEACHES — Small boxes. 35<S50c: carriers.
40<f?50c: large open boxes. 50®75c; per ton, $15
@2O for freestones. ! •
POMEGRANATES— 50@75c for small boxes
and $2 for large.
GRAPES— Seedless, 50®65c per box: Isabella.
SO^'Sc per crate; other varieties, 25<54Oc for
email boxes: 40@firtc for crates and 50?i85c
tot large open boxes; Wine Grapes, $20*8:25
j>er ton for Zlnfandel, $18#2O for Mission and
$15 for White and Tokay.
MELONS— Cantaloupes, $1@1 75 per crate:
Nutmeg Melons, 50375c per box; Watermelons,
lC5;15c each.
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges. $2 50@3 for fan
cy Valencia.*. $2S?2 50; for choice and *H31 50
for standard: Seedlings, flftl 25; Lemons. $1J*
3 per box; Gr.ire Fruit. f2@2 50: Mexican
Limes, $6 50(37 50; Bananas, $1 50@2 25 per
bunch: Pineapple*. $2Q'3 per dozen.
Another car of Cranberries came In, selling
at the quotations below Aside from a lim
ited demand for choice Grapes, suitably packed,
for shipment on the Pucet Sound steamer, the
frult\market was quiet, with supplies of all
descriptions plentiful. There was a scarcity
of choice Black Grapes in crates "and such
Etock sold readily at 70c per crate. Some fine
Tokays brought the same figure, but for the
general run of offerings in crates 50c was the
ruling price. Prices of large open boxes were
unchanged, with supplies more than sufficient
for requirements. The demand for Wine
Grapes was leas active than on Saturday and
Zlnfandel were quoted lower. The other va
rieties were In unall supply and unchanged.
Melons draggpd at lower prices, the demand
belnK light owing to the «rtoudy, weather.
Peaches In small packages and In bulk were
weak at easier rates. The canners purchased
but little, being busy packing Tomatoes.
Pears and Pomegranates \u25a0 were steady, whll«
Quinces, Prunes and Figs were easier. The
demand for Apples continued steady and prices
of fancy stock were maintained. There were
about 1100 boxes of Humboldt Apples received
yesterday and receipts from that section will
be liberal from now on.
There Is nothing new to report in Citrus
fruits. Ripe Bananas are offering again and
find ready sale at good prices.
Receipts of Berries were ratner light and,
0 It hour h ihe demand was nothing extra, prices
of Strawberries were firmer. Blackberries
have about had their run and the quotations
are withdrawn. Less than 5 chests came in
yesterday and they sold at $0 per chest.
STRAWBERRIES— f2@3 per chest for Ma
llndis and $4«if» for other large varieties;
Longworths. $5@7 per chest.
RASPBERRIES— ?4@5 per chest.
lircKI-F.HKKKIEtf- tifc.-c per lb.
CRANBERRIES— Cape Cod. ?0 per bbl.
APPLES— OOciSIl 25 per box for fancy. 50®
85c for good to choice 'and 25@40c for com
mon.
PEARS— Bartletts, $1®1 50; winter varie-'
ties, r.CHff"Sc per box.
QUINCES — 35«a50c per box.
FIGS — Black, TiO#73c for double layers, 30@
40o for drawers and for large boxes from
the river; White. 40@50c per box.
PRUNES — 50^750 per box or crate.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
EVAPORATED APPLES — The market for
Evaporated Apples is quiet and without much
change. Common, 4(S5e; prime, 5>4i@5?4c:
choice, fi'tTO^e, and fancy. 6&@7^c.
PRUNES— Are without special feature.
There is a fair demand. Prices steady to firm
at from 3 He to 7c for all grades.
APRICOTS— Fteady. Choice. QMWnc; ex
tra choice, 9%@10Kc; fancy, 10»4@12c.
PEACHES — In steady jobbing demand and
prices are firm. Choice. 7>4@7%c, and extra
choice, 7*408'^.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, Sept. 28. — Coffee futures
clese.1 firm, net 9 to 15 points higher. Total
sales, 58.250 bage. September, 4.35c: Novem
ber, 4.45«?4 6Cc; December. 4.70 @ 4.85c;
March, 4.95@6.10c: May, 5.15®5.20c.
WHEAT— Receipts. 116.000 bushels; exports.
4000 bushels. Spot, steady, No. 2 red, 81%c
elevator and 82Msc f. o. b. afloat; No. 1
Northern Duluth. 88%c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1
hard Manitoba. 90?£c f. o. b. afloat. Options
opened weak under heavy Russian shipments,
easier cables and fine -weather West. Later
It was Irregular. showing rallies on small
Western receipts and good clearances, alter
nating with reactions due to Wall-street weak
neFS. The close was steady, net %c lower.
May, KUGSZ 5-16c. closed 83c; September.
83^ 4 (g83%c. closed 83«gc; December. 83%@
83 0-iec, closed &39»c.
HOPS— Steady. State. 1903, medium to
choice. 28332c; 1902 crop, common to choice,
21@20%c.
HIDES— Steady.
WOOL— Quiet.
PETROLEUM— Firm.
COKFEE— Spot, steady: No. 7 Invoice, 5%c.
SUGAR — Raw firm: refined firm.
.NEW YORK. Sept. 28.— FLOUR— Receipts.
30.100 barrels; exports. 8S00 barrels. Quiet
and steady.
Nezv York Grain and Produce.
LONDON. Sept. 28. — The offerings at the
wool auction sales to-day amounted to 12.8&U
bales, including a large supply of good me
dium grades. Competition was spirited and
prices were maintained. Faulty scoureds were
rather irregular. Slipes were in keen demand.
Cape of Good Hope and Natal grades were in
fair request and several parcels of greasy,
three-quarter breds, were taken by American
buyers.
Londm Wool Sales.
ST. LOUIS, Sept, 28. — Wool, nominal: me
dium grades combing and clothing, l(J@21c;
light fine. 16<S>17M!C; heavy fine, 12@14%c; tub
washed, 20@30c.
St. Louis Wool Market.
Continued light trading on the local exchanges.
Wall-street Stocks break several points.
Silver and Excliangc rates shoiv little change.
Wheat 'and Barley futures lower again.
Oats arid Corn zveak. Rye steady.
No cliange in Hay or Feedstuffs.
Beans continue quiet, with increasing receipts.
\u25a0Butter zveak and freely offered by receivers.
\u25a0 Mcd'um grades of Cheese contimie in ovcrsupply.
Eggs as previously quoted, with a featureless market.
• Dried Fruits firm and in good demand.
Provisions -firmer at Chicago, but unchanged here.
' Cattle, Sheep and Hogs unclianged.
Coal Oil marked up y^c per gallon.
Another car of Cape Cod Cranberries on the market.
Opening quotations for 1903 Ratsins announced. .
Neze York reports a strong Hop market.
Fresh Fruit in ample supply and quiet.
Potatoes and Onions in heavy receipt and weak.
Three cars of Western Poultry sell off well
BAGSr- Grain- Bags, .VgS^c; San Quentln,
6.55c; Wool Bags, 32@35c; Fleece Twine. 7&©
8c; Cotton Fruit Bags. 6V&C. 6%c and 7&c for
the three grades; Brown Jute. 6V2@7%c.
COAL — Wellington. $8 per ton; New Wel
lington. $K; Seattle. $6 50; Bryant. $6 50; Bea
ver Hill. *5 CO; Stanford. $7: Rcslyn. 97; Coos
Bay, $5 50; Greta. $7: Wallsend, $7; Rich
mond, $7 50; Cumberland. $13 In bulk and
|14 25 In sacks: Welsh Anthracite Eg?, $13;
Welsh Lump. $11 60; Cannel. $8 50 per ton:
Coke, $11 60O13 per ton In bulk and $15 in
sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions. $3 45 p~r
20C0 lbs and $S SO per ton, according to brand.
OIL — Unseed, 49c for boiled and 47c for raw
in barrels; cases. 6c more: Castor Oil. in cases.
No. 1, 70c; Bakers' AA. $1 10@l 12; Lucol. 44o
for boiled and 42c for raw in barrels; Lard Oil.
extra winter strained, barrels. 90c; cases. 05c:
China Nut, S5(S70c per gallon; pure Neatsfoot.
in barrels. 75c; cases. SOc; Sperm, pure. 75c;
Whale Oil. natural white. 50355c per gallon;
Fish Oil. in barrels. 45c: cases, SOc: Cocoanut
Oil, in barrels, 58o for Ceylon and 55c for Aus
tralian.
COAL OIL— Prices are higher. Water White-
Coal Oil in bulk, 1444c; Pearl Oil In cases. 21c;
Astral. 21c; Star, 21c; Extra Star, 25c; Elaine.
27o: Eocene, 24c; deodorized Stove Gasoline, in
bulk, 17c; in cases, 23Hc; Benzine, in bulk.
13c; in cases, 19^c; 66-degree Gasoline, in bulk,
21c; in cases. 27%c.
TURPENTINE: — 80c per gallon in cases and
74c in drums and Iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 6Vi
©7c per lb; White Lead. 6tt@7c. according to
quantity.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb. In 100-lb bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed, 5.85c:
Powdered. 6.70c; Candy Granulated, 5.70c: Dry
Granulated, fine. 5.60c; Dry Granulated, coarse,
5.60c; Fruit Granulated. 6.60c; Beet Granulated
<100-lb bags only). — : Confectioners* A, 5.60c;
Magnolia A, 5.20c; Extra C. 6.10c; Golden C.
6c: 'TV* 4.90c; barrels, 10c more: half bar
rels, 25c more; boxes. 50c more; 50-lb bags.
10c more for all kinds. Tablets — Half barrels.
6.10c: boxes. 6.35c per lb. No orders taken for
less than seventy-five barrels or its equivalent.
General Merchandise.
Butter opened the week with a downward
tendency, and fine Humboldt creameries were
freely offered at 29c. Buyers held off and the
market was quiet.
Cheese remains about the same. There is a
growing scarcity of strictly nne mild new,
while stocks of common grades are very large,
with sellers offering them freely.
Eggs remain as previously quoted, the mar
ket being steady and conditions unchanged.
Receipts were 31,100 lbs Butter, 477 cases
EgRS and 20.SOO lbs Cheese.
BUTTER — Creamery, 29®30c for extras and
26®28c for seconds; dairy. 21® 24c; store But
ter. 17V4@l&c; cold storage, 24@25c; Eastern,
22®24c per lb.
CHEESE— t3c for special mild new, 12@12»$c
for the general run and 11011Hc for lower
grade*. Young America. 13@14c; Eastern, 159
16c; Western, 14&15c Per lb.
EGGS — Ranch. :i7 for large white
selected and 32^<?t37c for fair to cho'ce; store.
25@27%c; cold storage, 24 @26c; Eastern, 240
27 Vic per dozen.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Con for money... 87% N Y Central 110
Do for aoct ... 87% Norfolk & W ... 57%
Anaconda 8% Nor' 4: West pfd. 88^
Atehlson 63% Ontario West .. 20
Atchlson pfd .... 90Vi Pennsylvania 61 »i
Bait & Ohio .... 74ft Rand Mines 9
Canadian Pac ..123 Reading 2.3
Ches A Ohio 29 Reading 1st pfd.. 37
Chicago O W ... 15 Reading 2d pfd.. 83
Chi. M & Et P.. .140 Southern Ry 1896
De Beers 19% So Ry pfd 82%
Denver & R O .. 20% Southern Pao ... 40%,
Den & R O pfd.. 73 Union Pacific ... 91 tf
Erie 24% Union Pao pfd .. 87^
Erie 1st nfd 63Vi U 8 Ste«l 16V t
Erie 2d pfd 46 US Steel Dfd ... 62%
Illinois Cen 131 Wabash 18V*
Louisville & N.... 98V4 Wabash pfd 33H
Mo, K & Texas.. 18
Bar Silver, steady, 27%d per ounce. Money, i
3%@4 Der cent. The rate of discount in the
open market for short bills Is 4g4^4 per cent,
and for three months' bills Is 4V6@4Vi per cent.
NEW YORK Sept. 2S. — The visible supply of
grain Saturday, September 26, as complied by
the- New York Produce Exchange, ia as fol
lows: Wheat 17.202.0C0 bushels; Increase, 1,
262.000 busheis. Corn, 8,326,000 bushels; In
crease 419,000 bushels. Oats. 6.156.000 bush
els: decrease 7S1.000 bushels. Rye, 77,000
bushels; increase. 17.000 bushels. Barley. 2.
556,000 bushels; increase. 352,000 bushel3.
Visible Grain Supply.
SUMMARY. OF THE MARKETS.
PORK-Dmml Hop. 8U09*4e per pound.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered in San Francisco, less 50
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers, 8@9c; Cows and Heifers,
7© 8c; thin Cows, 435c per pound.
CALVES — *®5%c per pound, (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 3>,£?3Kc; Ewes. 3<&3Vao
per pound (gross weight).
LAMBS — 12 73©3 cer head.
HOGS— 14v« Hogs. 150 to 250 lbs. 5%c; under
150 lbs, 5HS5»4c: Sows, 20 per cent oft; Boars.
CO per cent off, and Stags, 40 per cent off from
above, quotations.
moderate receipt and met with a good demand
at 'steady rates.
POULTRY— Young . Turkeys. 20@22c per lb:
Geese, per pair $1 CO®1 75; Goslings, $232 25;
Ducks. $4 ©5 per dozen for old and $5@G for
young; Hens,. $4 5095 50; young Roosters,
$5@6; old Roosters. $1 50<35: Fryers. $4®5;
cleaned up at. previous prices. Game was In
Broilers. $3@3 75 for large and $2 50®3 for
small: Pigeons. $1 25® 1 50 per dozen for old
and $1 50^2 for Squabs.
GAME: — Rabbits, $1 75 per dozen for Cotton
tall. $1 25 for brush; Hare, $1 2501 50 per
dozen; Wild Doves, $1 25 per dozen.
campaign. Closlnn Saturday «t 11.12c. It
opened this morning at 11.16c, sold at 11.17c.
then jumped to 11.25c. and from that to 12.05c,
a net sain of very near a cent a pound, . or
|300 on a trade contract of 100 bales. This
seemed to exhaust the demands somewhat and
th,e price reacted to 11.50c. but rallied again
to 11.80c, and closed at 11.70c. Toward' the
cloee there was enough realizing to take th->
edge off the market, but the tone was finally
steady at net gains of 4 and 11 points on all
options except September, which closed 58
points higher.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 29. 1903.
STOCK MARKET.
Three cars of "Western Poultry. Including: one
that came In the latter part of last week, were
on eale and sold oft fairly well. Receipts of
domestic stock were very light and everything
Poultry and Game.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows: - \u25a0
BEEF — 6@7c for Steers and 5@6c per lb
for Cows.
VEAL— Large. 6\iQ&\bc: small 0®10c per
pound.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7%©8V4e; Ewes. 7©8c
per pound. ' /
Lamb — o@lOc per pound. '
DRESSED MEATS.
Meat Market.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
11
AUCTION SALES
fe SALE EITfiAORDINARY. fe
AUCTION SALE
OF
HIGH-CLASS. STANDARD-BRED MARES.
COLTS. FILLIES AND GELDINGS.
From the Meek Estate. Haywards. Alameda Co.
Comprising th« yet of McKinn«y. Direct.
Hawthorne, Guide. Sidney. F-Uis. Richards.
Elector. Um. Harold. Welcome. Azmoon and
Stcinway,
And UABILAN STOCK FARM, property of
HON, JESSE D. CARR. Salinas. Monterey Co.
Stallions. Mares. Cults and Fillies, by Nut*
wood Wilkes, Dictatus, Lottery. Ecce. Mam-
brino Jr.. Fairmont. Boodle and Thor. a son of
Electioneer. A very largs proportion ot th»
horses In this sale are thoroughly broken and
can be driven by any one. To b« sold by elec-
tric ll.ht.
TUESDAY EVENING. September 29. 1903.
At 7:45 o'clock, at
BALESYARD. 1732 MARKET ST.. cor. Van
New ave., San Francisco.
Send for catalorues. Horses at yard Septem-
ber 26. Will be shown at farm. Haywards and
Salinas, at any time prior to that date.
FRED H. CHASE & CO..
Successors to KlUlp ft Co..
Livestock Auctioneers.
£^ £*> £»
AUCTION SALE of horses, harness, wagons.
"WEDNESDAY, Sept. 30. at 11 a. m. Arcad*
Horse Market. 327 Sixth st. JOHN J. DOTLE.
auctioneer.
fe fc* fe
GRAND AUCTION PALE of Horses. Mules,
Buggies. Surreys. Carts and Harness of every
description. Sale positive. No reserve. Must
go. At 1140 Folsom St., September 29, 11 a. m.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 29, 1903.
12
HELP WAITED — MALT! Cow. -
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st. \
Phone Main 58-13.
Leading Employment! and Labor Agents.
1902 we gave 1903 we'll give
45,000 men work. 60,000 men work.
5007 men wanted to-day for
Arizona, Oregon,
Nevada. «.vk<. Wllllts, Ukiah,
and all points north, east, south on Southern
Pacific and Santa Fe systems — Free pass.
On evwy train.
Section hands, . Muckers. Drillers.
Extra gangs. Teamsters. Hammersmen.
Mines, Tunnels, Quarries
90 miners, all over State, $90 and $32 50
105 drillers, all over State, $82 60, $75
364 laborers, muckers, everywhere. $G0. $75,
cS2 50.
64 timbennen. carmen, furnacemen $60 $90
Diamond Match Co.— $1 fee.
186 laborers, teamsters, drillers etc, $75.
$82 50. '
Fruit Pickers— $1 fee.
137 fruit pickers, men or boys. $30 to $37 B0
found.
Stables. Farms. Orchards Dairies
236 farm and orchard hands, $30, $35, $40 fd
66 milkers, butter, cheese makers, $30 to
$'•0 found.
26 choremon. coachmen, gardeners, etc., $30
to $40 and found.
10 stablemen, city, country Jobs, $30 to $00
found. MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay.
"SAWMILLS AND WOODS
In Four States.
638 laborers, no experience wanted, $40 to
$70 found.
196 mill and yard men, $50 to $160.
365 woodchoppera.
287 tlemakers.
All classes of experienced men for woods,
mills, etc.. from $50, $60 $70 $80 $90 $100,
$125 to $150 a month.
MURRAY A READY. 634-636 Clay at.
SPECIALS TO-DAY!
Arizona — To-night.
Maryeville, Chico, Placervllle.
186 carpenters, helpers, laborers, teamsters,
drillers and other help; you go; $82 60, $75,
$67 60.
8ANTA CRUZ COUNTY.
20 laborers to pile lumber, $60.
WILLITS — UKIAH.
164 teamsters, laborers, etc ; free fare, $67 50.
NEW JOB— COUNTY ROAD WORK.
65 laborers; anybody can do it; faro $1; $60.
65 laborers, special electric R. R., near city;
$67 CO.
RESERVOIR WORK.
90 teamsters and laborers, fare $1 20, $60,
$67 50. _
COAL MINERS— OREGON— FREE FARE.
65 coal miners, Oregon, $3 to $5 day.
BIG NEW TUNNEL— HALF FARE.
C3 tunnelmen, $82 50.
12 butchers, different Jobs, $30, $35. $40, $60.
$70. $80 and found.
Pigs' feet shaver, $2 25 day.
Handy man with knife. $2 25.
BIG SAWMILL.
2 spool tenders, $55.
3 log loaders, $65.
2 timber fellers, $60.
Band resawyer.
Best wages at MURRAY & READY'S.
Best places at 634 and 630 Clay st.
BOARD YOURSELVES.
$2 25 a. Day — Steady Work.
156 Greeks or Portuguese. New work
155 Italians cr Slavonlons. New work
1E5 Austrians or Spaniards. New work
155 Mexicans or Russians. New work
MURRAY & READY. 634-630 Clay St.
CARPENTERS.
14 carpenters, fare $1, $90.
20 carpenters, flume work, $90.
16 ranch carpenters, $3 a day.
MURRAY & READY,
• 634 and 636 Clay St.
COOKS, Walters. Porter3.
24 cooks, hotels, restaurants, camps, mines
and ranches, city and country, $30 to $70 fd.
12 waiters, city and country, $25 to $40 fd.
10 elevator boys and porters.
Steward, country hotel.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
MIDNIGHT orders:
Grader, sugar pine lumber, $90
Pipe matn. lumber company, $2 50 day
Meat cutter, shop, $15; shop butcher, $2.50 dy
To El— D— Co.
25 laborers, fare paid, lumber company, $C0
BIG GOOD MINE.
25 laborers: you'll suit, $60 to $75
Freo fare — 0^ hours' work.
25 laborers, $67 60
155 Italians — free fare.
To Los Angeles and Arizona.
Teamsters for mine, four horses, $40 fd.
Concrete man, foundation work only, $3 60 dy
2 young men, learn leather tanning, ?9 week
Man and wife, ranch, easy Job, $50 fd.
Stableman, city dray, $15 week.
4 coopers, factory work. $3 25 day.
Painter, brush hand. 10c fare, $2 50 day.
MARRIED.
Man and wife, man milk 12 cows, wife cook
6 men. $60 found.
Butcher wagon Job, fare $1. $35 found.
Clerk, charge hat department, fare $1. $C0.
Man. city coal yard, drive team, $2 day.
Painter. $3 50 a day.
0 carpenters, city. $3 to $3 50 day.
5 strong boys or young- men. city mill, $2
day.
Brakeman. lumber company. $55 found.
6 Italians, carry water, cut wood for donkey
engine. $37 50 found.
Heed Dolbeer logger, 500.
Free Fare.
26 laborers. 9 hours. $2 25 day.
3 tinsmiths, factory, city, $3 day.
2 milk wagon drivers, $25, $30.
Sheep shearer. 7c head.
Married.
Camp waiter, $25 found; married bartender,
$15 week.
Cooper, factory, 15c fare. $3 25 day.'
3 painters, stripe letter, $2 50 to $3 day.
Laundryman all-round, fare $1 25 S2 50 day.
MURRAY & READY. 634-038 Clay st.
MECHANICAL AND OTHERS. "
3 slack coopers. 0c: 8 cabinet makers.
Cut-off sawyer; 12 boys learn trades, city.
SG Blacksmiths.
Also many helpers all over California, $50,
$00. $70. $80. $00 found.
Located Everywhere.
636 laborers and teamsters, city and country,
some factories, mills, warehouses, excavat-
ing, building, etc.; many In San Francisco:
lots to board home. $2. ?2 25, $2 50. $2 75
day; 9C carmen and furnacemen, $07 and $75.
3503 positions not advertised. .
Come See.
Best places at MURRAY & READY'S.
Biggest wages at 634-636 Clay st.
STEADY, reliable- German, tend bar; generally
useful; wine house. 15 City Hall square.
JEWELERS. 828 Bush St., room 4, third
floor.
FIRST-CLASS coatmaker to work Inside; good
wages. 1100. Market st.
PORTER. 012 Kearny street.
BOOTBLACK; must be good shiner, willing
worker. 34 Fourth st.. Modern.
3 LABORERS, Fourteenth ave. and N st.
south; take Kentucky-street cars.
A GOOD blacksmith helper at once. ' 1370
Turk st.. nenr Fillmore.
WANTED — Dishwasher at New Golden Gate
Hotel, 104 Fourth st.
FIRST-CLASS ladles' tailor wanted; good
pay. M. TRAUNER, 70<> Sutter st.
BARBER shon for sale cheap; rent paid until
October 18. 220 Hayes st.
MAN to work In saloon; references required.
Trolley Saloon, Eddy and Fillmore ets.
TR1** our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 per x>a!r; foot-form shoes at $2 50, or
orthopedic shots, f'i 50; best shoes on earth. 11
Third «st.. Exam, bldg., 5 doom from Market.
FOR sale^ — Good-paying 3-chalr barber shop.
Apply 229 Fourth st.
WANTED— First-class barber for country; ap-
ply Monday and Tuesday between 12 and 2.
at WILL & FINCK'S.
WANTED — Young man who Is an experienced
dry goods wrapper. Apply between 0 and
11 a. m, at HALE BROS.'
WANTED — 3 office boys; age 14 to 18. Apply
Rlsdon Iron Works. Potrero. ,
A MAN of Indomitable energy and push, a good
talker, eager to make money. F. PERSON.
477 and 463 Parrott building.
GOOD experienced cutter: no other need ap-
ply. S. X. WOOD & CO.. 740 Market st.
LABORERS wanted; ditch work; Jong Job
Palo Alto.
WANTED — Energetic salesman for outside
work. THORNE & CO.. 312 Bush st.
COATMAKERS for country. Apply REISB
BROS. & CO., 24 Sutter st.
McDONALD & PERRY have a large stock of
new and s-cond-hand shoes; cheap. 239 3d st.
PENSION atty. E. A. Bullls, room 40. Phelan
bldg. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post, G.A.R.
MAN to do Janltoir work for tuition in S. F.
Barber School. 741A Howard st.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S. 20 Steuart st.
WANTED — For the U. S. Marine Corps, able-
bodied, unmarried men. between 21 and 35;
good character; must apeak, read and writs
English; marines serve at .sea on men-of-war
In all parts of the world, 'on land in our isl-
and possesslorr. and at naval stations In tha
United States. Apply at recruiting office. 40
Ellis St.. San Francisco. Cal.; 222& N. Mala
et.. Los Anc<les, Cal.. and 401 K St.. Sacra-
mento. Cal.. \u25a0 . <
FIRST-CLASS furrier, also first-class taxider-
mist wanted. R. STENZEL FUR CO., Salt
Lake City. Utah.
WANTED— A boy from 14 to 16 years to work i
In our wholesale department. EAGLESON
& CO.. 635 Market et.. upstairs. 1
CLAIRVOYANTS— Contlnncfl.
IEMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant »nd
palmist permanently located at 1104 Market
ft., cor. Turk; private readings dally, 10 a.
m. to'5 p. rn.: readings by mall as satisfac-
tory as In person; 3 questions answered, 91:
full life, *5: rend lock of hair, date and year
cf birth: don't s«"nd currency. Send postofflce,
W«lls-F«Lrgo mosey order or registered letter.
A — Mme. Ravenna reads !!f». business adrlcs;
rames given; 25c up. 5 4th st.. near Marktt.
MRS BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader: tadlcs
2&c. gentx 50c; readings dally. 132 Sixth st.
MLSS WARD, high psychic medium, palmist;
ladies 25c, gents COc; no sign. 413 Mason st.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; ladies 2»c,
gents 50c. 051 Mission St., nr. tilh; open Sun.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader in city.
2tU4 Kearny, room i:0: ladles 26c. gents 50c.
MRS. SHAFEH clairvoyant, card reader; slt-
tlngs <*ally. 44SV, .Teyglo «t.. bet. r»th and r.t*..
AIR. compressed, dry, ice cold. Is now univer-
tally used In sanitarily cleaning carpets, on
floor without removal or injury; prices mod-
erate. Apply fi. F. COMPRESSED AIR
CLEANINO CO.. Call bid.: phone Matn 5237.
\\ HFN you become disgusted with your work
terd for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 355-."J57 Tehama *t. : tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works, 1S00 Har-
riscn st.. Al cleaning. 3c: tel. Mission 225.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating Co.. J. McQueen,
prcprl'tcr. 329 Guerrero st. : tel. Mission 48.
TRY HOPKE BKOS.; excellent carpet-beating;
mattresses made over. 1432 Howard -.South 21tf
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main .'594. GEO. WAIXTOM A CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating worJis; price,
rea-onable. 1703 Harrison St.; tel. Mission 203.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works.
333 Pollen Owte wve. : fli-phon* East 12tV
CHIROPODISTS.
DUNLAP FOOT INSTITUTE. 50 Geary— All
ailments of the feet cured: corns, bunions. etc
COLLECTION OFFICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms ft-10; tel. 5580.
COTTAGES TO LET.
CORTLAND nve.. 1223— ?16: nearly new 0-r.
cottage; latest improvements; large basement;
milk room, stable, chicken houses; three lota.
DENTISTS.
DR. GRUSS, 504-5-6 Callaghan bldg.. Market
and McAllister sts., uses the Basford Obtun-
der, the only device ever invented for grind-
ing, drilling and excavating teeth absolutely
without pain. For demonstration and proof
call at effice. j
DR. LUDLUH HILL. 1443 Market. nr.Ele-venth
— No charge for extracting when plates ar«
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from fS per set; extracting. 50c; gas given.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot brtak;
wan-anted 20 yrs.: crown. $3 50; fillings, 00c;
plates $3: full set;all work painlees and war-
. ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush-
Pet t-eth $1 50 up: crowns >2 up: fllllnga 25c.
GOLD fillings. 76c; silver. 35c: crowns. $2; no
pa'.n: open Sunday. Dr. O.B.Hewltt.204 Sutter.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School
— Any pattern cut to measure. 101!) Market.
ACCORDION, j-unburst &. knife plaiting. Stew-
. art'*- button & buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor.
DYKING AND CLEANING.
SEA breezes sweeten all garments, blankets,
iace curtains, etc., done by the Presidio
Heights Dye Works. 3915 Sacramento; phone
for wagon. West 453. H. HICKMAN. pres.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post. S.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy, English branches;
day and night sessions; Ulna, catalogue free.
AY RES. the leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket i>t. : sp*cial summer course in all depart-
mt-nU: handsome catalogue free; life scholar-
thlp, J50; day and evening sessions.
CALIFORNIA liuslness College. U05 Larkln M.
"A thorough school"; positions secured for
graduates; modern methods; Individual In-
struction. Write for Illustrated catalogue.
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
fcr the university, law and medical colleges;
ref.. President Jordan or any Stanford pro-
fessor; day, evening sessions. Phelaii bldg.
HINMAN'S Academy; a thorough school of
dancing; established 20 years. 1412 Polk st.
between Pine and California; both adult and
children's classes are now open for the season.
INSTRUCTION given In the garm- of scientific
whist; also In bridce whist. Call, write or
telephone MRS. M. fi. JENKS, Ansonta
apartments, 408 Stockton: private ex. -122.
A— SAN FRANCISCO Business College. 1230
Market st. — Practical, progressive, reliable;
day & evening sessions; write for catalogue.
HEALD'S Echool of Mines & Electricity.24 Poet
St., E. F. ; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec, min.. mech.. sur-
vey, aFsay. cyanide; day, eve. ; vet. 1864. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday and
Sunday tvenlnjs at Teutonia Hall, Howard
6t., near Nlnfh; management Prof. Foster.
GOLDEN Gate Com'l College. 530 Golden Gate
ave.; full busiress course; day ana evening.
; SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine st... Night class.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar. writing,
etc.; day or eve. ; $5 roc. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
THE "Klngsland Art Shop" opens Oct. 1, cor-
ner Halght and Devl*adero sts.
KENT Law School; day and nlcht; send for
particulars. W>4 Parrott building.
Chicago Business College,. 1435 Market, nr. lOLh.
Pittman shorthand, typing, bockpe. $S mi.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
! GEORGE AGKJ. 421 Post St.; tel. Bush 133 —
: Japanese-Chinese employment office; fur-
nishes best help; contracts for farm help, etc.
A— ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese-
Chinese help. 420. Powell. Te!. Main 5752.
A — GRAND Japanese-Chinese Ercp. Office. 415
Stockton; tel. Grant 163; expert, reliable help.
CH'NEBE Employment Office — Beet help at
Leon Stung' s. 411 V4 O'Farrell; tel. Ea*t 426.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice: all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main GlfeS.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1097. imADLKY fe CO.. fi40 Clay.
CUPLOYHEKT WANTED — FEMALE.
A, FIRST-CLASS dressmaker would like a few
nore cneaK^mentH by the day;' old auits re-
modelfcd. Box 437C, Call.
A WOMAN wishes a situation In American or
Irish family; Is a good cook; willing to aa-
sift In light housework. Apply 8(J2 Mission.
YOUNG Swedish girl wants situation to do
chambcrwork; boardlne-house or email
bne\. Box 4011. Call office.
AN elderly woman desires to cook and do light
housework or nursing for adults; no wash-
Ing. Please call 140 Seventh st,
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes work by the
day or month. K. WALL, 21 Sherwood
place, bet. Mission and Howard, oft Third.
POSITION in first-class private family; light
upstairs work; no sweeping; excellent seam-
stress. 200 Hyde st.
SITUATION wanted by Nova Scotia Protestant
woman in small American family; good cook.
Call 1238 Mission st.
SITUATION wanted to do cooking In a private
family. 2207% Pine st.
TOUNG girl to assist In housework or rtilnd
child in San Mateo. Box 4009, Call office.
NEAT colored girl would like work in doctor's
office. CS3 Bush »t.
A WOMAN wishes situation In private fam-
ily; first-class cook: best city reference; no
cards, a.'.fc Minna st.
FIRST-CLASS German cook wants situation,
small hotel or boarding-house. 558 Stockton.
WANT ads and rabscr'otlcns taken for Tha
Call at Katon's Bazaar. CTt-'t McAllister St.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
IF you •want a reliable, single, middlf;-aged.
experienced American as cook or general
utility man in small family or club, sab-
urban locality preferred, address W. G.
WILLIAMS. 321 Ellis St.
TOUNG man wishes situation; handy In and
around a private place; city references. Ad-
dress box 4373. Call.
ALL around handy man wants situation as
cewchman and gardener; country preferred;
be!?; of references. Box 4-174, Call.
YOUNG man would like to learn packing In
wholesale house. Box 43S4, Call office.
YOUNG man, some knowledge of assaying,
wishes position with cood chance to learn;
wages no object. Box 40CC. Call. •
EXPERIENCED camp cook seeks an engag«-
ment. Box 4007. Call. • .
MPSICMI^^iySTRUMEXTiU-Cwn.
RARE chance: cash or payments; eiegaaThTTJl
grade upright. 10 McAllister st. S *
Unredeemed storage pianos ar.d lurr.itur* ,li«
cheap. Whltehead'.i St.^rai;-. ip ; Market st.
BEAUTIFUL 3-pedal Steinway upright pUnr-
! perfect crd>r: tacnflce. Keeffe's.^^5 O'Farr»il.'
SOHJlrft, Byron Mauzy pianus. teeillan ti-mJ
player. BYRON MAUZY. atks-aia p ngt \[ u
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old anrt r-w u
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham pia; 9 '
MISCELLANEOUS FOIl SALE.
DOES YOCK~ROOK LEAK ?
Repair it with elaterite; In rolls ea#y t 3 i a7;
needs no painting cr coating; good over old
iron, tin or shingles: best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Mark?; „;.
2D-HU. machinery, boilers, engines, pucip*.
pulleys, shafting, etc.. etc., bought, »o»<j.
rented ar.d exchanged: see Sunday pa^»r«.
H. S. WHITE M'CH'Y CO.. 13(/-132 Bfa!e st.
A— Flee suits. $7 50; dreys pants. $U 50. urisi-
nal Misfit Clothing Parlors, 23H Kearny «..
near Bush: optn to 9 p. m. Sunday to noon.
X $3 50 DEKBY and fedora hats. $1 73. Vop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st., n«ur
Pine: open till 9 p. m. Sunday to noon.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines bciler3. water pip?, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAV.". 233-25.1 Spear st.
TRY cur men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair;
foot-fcrm shoes at $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d St.. Exam, bid.: catalog, free.
FOR SALE — A combination billiard and pool
table; new: cheap. Inquire at Baldwin An-
nex. 928 Market st.
BOILERS, engine*. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 185-197 Fremont st.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE MEU-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale. rent*i;
bargains. BuHard & Breck. 131 Post St.
MILES of pipe and fittings; all sizes. EU-
GENE RILEY & SONS. 109 Vallejo st.
SAFE — Price $30. Bella Union Phonograph)
Parlors. SOS Kearny st.
MOVING picture film and song slides. 1W*
'Montgomery st.
SAFES — New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
&. CO.. 122 Market st.
All bargains ;camp stools and chalrs:hamrnock9.
metal beds.raattre»ses.J.F.Hotter.712 Mission.
Ediscn phonographs, records, supplies, moving
picture machines, films. Bacigalupl. 933 Mxt.
GASOLINE enjir.es, automobiles and launch**,
all sizes. J. E. DOAK, 4*5 Fremont «t.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriter*, all
makes. ALEXANDER A CO.. 110 Manfgy.
MISCELLANEOUS "WANTS.
BOOKS and libraries bought H. C. HOLME^C
1149 Market st. : phone Jessie 3741. «r postal.
TILTO.V wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st. : tel. Jessls 2951.
A BIO price paid for sealskins; send postal.
25 Ptockton st. : phono Bush 4S4.
MONEY TO LOAN.
JUUL — HERMAN MURPHY.
601-602-603 Examiner buildla*.
Qjlck settlements; no disappointment.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property in trust,
etc. ; legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need! Money
6e« HERMAN MURPHY.
ADVANCES on furniture and pianos without
removal; to salaried peopla on their nots
without security or knowledge of employer;
lowest rai£3; bvst tertvis; Quickest servlco anil
absolute privacy; special rut--, to munieipu
employes and teachers. The National Credit
Co.. r. 6S-ro Dcnohoe bid.. 1170 Market st.
HIGHLY re5t>ectable private place tc obti!r»
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, al
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 813
I Market st. : tel. Main 1644. Branch. 19 Third.
i "
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 10:: Grant ave..
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10. C00.
S. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY— Loani to aalar!*!
people on their note.
THE TOUSLEY CO IV* P*v»inn hld^.
ON turnlture. pianm no removal. E. VV. LICi<.
1003 Mutual Savings Bank b!d«k 7C* Mar^t.
MONEY loaned to salaried ernplnye-*. G. VT.
MILLET*., room 74. (if.ti floor. Chronicle X>'.<U-
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments; largest business .:i
4*1 principal cltt««. Tolman, r>5.f Parrott b:d,r.
MONEY to lean on low interest: sre'd, sl!v?r.
diamond* pear's ar.d precious stone* bought
at W. J.'HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth »t.
3% ON furniture * pianos; $15 up; no removal;
V. TKKMAIX. room si. ft Edrly s«\. floor 4.
ALL loans on diamonds and 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan n.^r.k. IRS K»*rr.y.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money t>
salaried employes. R.31 1. Mutual Fav.Bk.bld.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
1prtnr«#r. Vnt>RFT.T. >'Of Tttiti'"-- tiM?
OKklCKS AXD STORES TO LET.
STORE, bar, 4 rooms; all fixtures; weights
and measures; stable. 4 stalU. 338 SOth st.
EHOPP.OOM for tailors at 927 Market St..
"Room 721.
LARGE store and two living rooms; has beon,
branch bakery 4 years. 147H Valencia st.
STORE with large basement; below Kfarny.
\u25a0t. ; rent $30. Apply Oi Clay st., room 1.
STORE to let; lease for sale; central location.
Box 4-tr.S. Tall office.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEON*.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence.
1021^ Market st.. bet. t'.th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a ss&talty.
DR. BALL. 107S-6 Market st.
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor;
treats all diseases of the human bj^r; for
past four years at 113-117 Mason; 'yiW lo-
cated at CC7 Geary st., near Leavenworth".
DR. TONG PO CHY. successor to Dr. X., P(i
Tal. herb doctor: cures all diseases of humaiv'
by use of herbs and teas. 727 "Washington st.
WONG WOO, the famous herb ddtor— All dls-
fases cured by Chinese herbs. 716-8 Clay it.
PERSONALS.
A-FAC1AL BT.KMISHE3 REMOVED.
Wrinkles, yellow and fiabby skin, birthmarks,
taallpcx pittlcgs and scars sdentincaliy re-
moved without cutting, masaage, electricity or
m«d2cir.er; special demonstrations this we«Ic
Call or write Dr. L. WILLIAMS. 371 Geary.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores £i'*y hair. Im-
proves Its growth, stops falling, w^res dandruff
ar.d itching scalp: no stain or stickiness:
cleanses scalp: at dnoggfatst hairdressers: ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co.,lo.".S Polk.
NOTICE to the Public— From this date I wilt
not b<? resDonstble for bills or debts con-
tracted in my name by any jerson without
my written order. Dated this 2Sth day of
September. 1003. WILLIAM DREYEK.
BRAUN— Professor Martin, graduate masseur
of the Imperial University Hospital, Vienna.
Office 224 Starr King bids.. l'Jt Geary. W.
Exchange 216.
I. PETER FALLER. will not be respon«lbl*
for any debts Incurred by my wife. AMY
FALLER. she having lett my bed and board.
P. FALLEit.
NOT how chtap. but how good 13 the motto oC
the manufacturers of Jh« Rapid Rotary
Standard, the sewing-machine of to-day. J-
W. EVA.NH. arcnt. 1C21 Market st.
PHYSICIAN, lft years' experience, euro p«r-
zcanently morxblne. cocaine habit. C*!J or
address Central Pharmacy. 251 Gran; ave..
ccrner Sutler »t.; fee moderat*^ .
A GENTLEMAN wants to form the acquain-
tance of Calif crnta lady: object matrimony.
Address box lisOO. Call office^
DRUNKENNESS, mcrohine and all drug dis-
eases pcsitlvely cured hy Willow Bark Co..
18S> Polk st. ; consultation free; •all or writ*.
REMOVAI^-DR. W. C. STRATTO.V h»» r«-
moved his office from 2l"3» Mission st. tu
rooms 573 and 574. Parrctt b.'dg (Emporium).
KAmDItESSIXG in all tranche* taujcat: S3 for
2 weeks. Up-to-Date Kairdresslaif Parlor*.
lP2fi Market st.. room 1. upstairs-.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday arrd
Eunday e»«ninss at Teutonla Kail. Howard
>t.. near Ninth: management Prof. Foster.
AT l»»» inar C c»t uncalled for suits, overcoa-.*
and triuser*. *'. TtARLES LYONS*. Lomloa
Tailor. 721 Market st. .
ELEGANT suits on ea«y installment*: 50 cen:s
• fid ur> per week. LEON LKMOS, U-»
M<rfc>t St.. between Seventh tin* KlK?>th.
SUPERFLUOUS hah Jfc moles removed by elec-
trie needle. Dr. & Mrs. Traverse.llH> Market.
THE best place to buy good nmbrM'a* or
have them covered or repaired is 120 S'ocic.cn.
I ALL .tyle" ha:rrlre*?ins 2Sc: hair goods, nuafc
ctirirg. 25c. O. LEPfTItKR. 12Tt Stockton s..
TaILOH-MADE nut »T 6u: dress pants *2 5(X
Mlsit C!nthlng VaHor. ror. Bus.i -inj Uupon^
MAf-QUERAOE costume!*. May books.-wig!».
country order* GOLDSTEIN A CO.. .** Mkt
ALFREDUM*S~Egyptlan Henca restores gray
.'hntr to its natural color; $1: at ail draggiatr.
£uperCaou» hair an<J mole* removed with elec-
Ule nerdle. Mrs. ft Miss Eaton. UU» Gutter.
HELP WANTK D FEMALE— -Con.
GIRL or eldarly lady for light housework; a
good home for right party. 1515 Grove Bt.
WANTED — Flrst-clara alteration hands on coats
and skirts. CAILLEAU'S. 114 Kearny st.
PANTS finishers; steady work. Call to-day,
Royal Pants Co.. 223 Kearny at. •
GIRL to operate and finish pants. 107 Fifth
st.. room 7. .
WANTED — Young girl for light housework; no
cooking. Apply 1655 Union st.
RET0UCHER8 wanted at 1510 Market st.
WANTED — Young girl to assist in general
housework; call Wednesday. 1847 Oak st.
FIRST-CLASS finisher on coats. 1103 Mar^
ket St.
BRIGHT girl for counter work in bakery. 613
Kearny st.
BAG operators wanted. Ill Clay at.
YOUNG lady to learn picture framing; $3 week
while learning. L. E. STRELL, 027 Howard.
A GOOD 5 o'clock dinner waitress. Call after
0 a. m... 459 Geary st. -
YOUNG girl to assist with baby and general
housework; wages J12. 1428 Howard st.
PERMANENT position and good salary to first-
class cloak saleswoman. Apply or address
Golden Gate Cloak and Suit House, 1230 Mar-
ket st.
IMPROVERS and errand girl at dressmaking.
CALLAHAN. 330 O'Farrell at.
WANTED— Lady cook for small hotel. 1300
Stockton at., near Broadway.
WANTED — Experienced waitresses. 20 Third
street.
WANTED — A counter girl who can talk Ger-
man at 10 Powell st.
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply at
Chutes 6 p. m. Wednesday; salary no object.
WANTED — Woman accustomed to handling
country trade; must have fair education and
business training. Box 1707. Call.
GIRL, for general housework and cooking for a
couple in a flat at 2026 Stelner St., 8-12 a.
m. ; reference required.
GIRLS about 15 for factory work; good wages.
Apply at once. AMES * HARRIS. 100 Sacra-
mento st.
WANTED — A good reliable woman for general
housework. 050 Broderlck st.
2 LADIES of good address to represent a high-
grade magazine. 59 Columbian bldg., city.
WOMEN operators on all parts of shirts; best
prices; steady work. 10 Battery St., 3d floor.
FINISHERS on ladles' walits; steady work.
2S First st. KONIGSTEIN.
FIRST-CLASS stenographers furnished. Miss
M. G. Barrett, instructor. 302 Montgomery.
HELP WANTED MALe!
AT CALIFORNIA EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
50 Third St., nr. Call bldg; phone Bush 405.
NEVADA AND UTAH.
FREE FARE.
RYNDON, GOLCONDA AND RENO.
S. P. R. R. CO.'S OWN WORK.
109 laborers, $2 day.
We Ship Dally On All Trains.
Crowds Are Going. Are You?
01 section hands, all parts of California.
Coast line and Western division.
OREGON— FARE ADVANCED.
6 coal miners, C-foot vein, $1 a ton.
CHICO— BUTTE COUNTY.
Half-rate fare, $2 80. •
DIAMOND MATCH COMPANY,
laborers, teamsters, track men, tunnel men,
woodchorpers and right of way men, $50 to
$S>0 a month.
SHIP TO-DAY.
Reliable cook for duck-hunting party of 4,
$25 a month and found.
CAL. EMP. AGENCY, 59 Third st.
PORTER and wife, $45 afld found; boarding-
house cook, $40 and found; hotel second
cook, $50 and found; restaurant cook, $45
and found; 2 hotel waiters, country, $30 and
$.V> and found; bell and elevator boy, $16 and
found, and others; Janitor for Institution,
$20. J. F, CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacra-
mento Bt.
2 YOUNG men for hunting club, $25 and
found; Janitor for institution, $30 and board;
3 farmers and wives, $50 and $55 and found;
man and wife, private family. $45 and found;
porter and wife, *45 and found; vlneyardist
and. wife to run place on shares; choreman,
$25 and found; milker, $40 and found; farm
teamsters, $1 25 day and found; brick
burner, $3 day; boilermakers' helpers, $2 15
day: bench hand machine shop; choreman
for resort, $20 and found; coopers, 0 cents a
barrel: laborers, woodchoppers, donkey, line-
men and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., (38
Sacramento st.
COACHMAN— Willing to do some other work;
$40 and found. MISS PLUNKETT, 425
Sutter fit., near Powell.
A SECOND butler for good steady place, $35.
MISS FLUNKETT. 425 Gutter St., nr.Powell.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 25 Montgomery, r. 12.
Stcn ird. $75. free fare; waiter for helpa'
hall, no experience, $25; bell boys, $15.
A MAN and wife to take charge of ranch.
MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
SOLICITOR in commercial art business; one
who knows something about photo engrav-
ing preferred. Apply Tuesday nfter 9 at
room 7C5. Emma Sprcckels building.
WHY pay big prices to have your shoes half-
eoled when you can get it done for 25c, 50c
and COc. while you wait at 5C3 Mission St.,
bet. 1st and 2d sts.. or 11 Third st. ?
OFFICE boy; duties light: good address and
habit3; read and write English; live home;
wages $3 fiO week. Address own handwrit-
ing, box 4377, Call office.
WANTED — Three reliable, steady men for
nailing. Apply this morning WESTON Baa-
ket and Mnfg. Co., Third and Berry ats. |
EXPERIENCED salesman for furniture store;
state experience, salary expected, age, ref-
frences. Address box 4370, Call office.
YOUNG men from 17 to 18 years of age for
wrappers. Apply superintendent's office,
Emporium.
WANTED — Young man from 18 to 20 years of
age to loarn the dry goods business. Apply
between 0 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'.
WANTED — Young man who la an experienced
dry goods wrapper- Apply between 9 and 11
a. m. at HAT.E BROS.'.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$150 pair; foot-form shoeB at $2 50; w© pay
express or mail chrg3. 11 3d St., Exam. bid.
YOUNG man to learn or one with experience
on picture frames. L. B. STRELL, 027
Howard st. "»
PRESSER and tailor; steady work. 428 Ninth
st., Oakland.
WANTED — Experienced domeatic salesman.
. Apply between 0 and 11 a. m. at HALE
BROS.'. ..:..:
WANTED — Ercand boys. CAILLEAU'S. 114
Keirny st.
SOLICITORS for portraits on the installment
plan; big commissions. 832 Howard ~«t.
BOY wanted. 13 to 16 years of age. B. H.
LEVY. Inc.. 513 Market st.
FIRST-CLASS cleaner. Apply BARLING'S
Cleaning and Dyeing Works, 22 Colllngwood.
CASH boys and assistant packer. ROOS
BROS.. Kearny at Post.
JEWELRY salesman for Seattle Inquire Al-
phonse Judls Co.. Mutual Savings Bank .bid.
BARBERS— 2-chair shop cigar stand, for '
sale. RICHARD, 14 Sanaome St.. room 50.
WAITER In a restaurant. 1759H Mission st.
BOY in tin shop; learn trade; 16 years." 633
Mission st.
YOUNG man for paint shop; »» jor preferred.
_O'NEILL. 25 "Steuart st.'
WANTED— Coat and pantis^ makers. 1241
Polk st.
BARBER wanted Wednesday, Thursday Sat-
urday and Sunday. 516 Hayes st.
J^IjPL^VM^NJ^Jtt'AJVTED— - MALE^
YOUNG man. experienced stenographer, re-
liable, IndustrlouH and capable, desires to
secure a better position In that capacity;
city or country; references. Box 1647, Call.
MIDDLE-AGED man, handy with horses and
tools, wants light wtork; no milking; small
wages; good home. H. W., 240 Third st. , .
AN honorable young man speaking- French
and English language; can operate type-
writer; desires position general office assist-
ant In a financial institution or business
house: willing to begin $30. Address box
4306 Call. *-:W-
MIDDLE-AGED man, sober and reliable, wanta
situation as billpasser; small wages If steady.
H. W.. 246 Third St.
ENGINEER (stationary) wishes situation; city
or country; can do his own repairs; reference
given. Box 4144. Call office.
A REFINED, honest Japanese wants position
as first-class cook; best reference. Box
400S. Call.
A YOUNG .Ispanese good boy wants position
as elevator boy at .night. F. NAKAGAWA,
52S Stevenson &t.; tel. Mint 324.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1006 Va-
I»ncla ft.
FINANCIAL.
4 PER CENT TO 6 PER CENT HIGH GRADE
Municipal. School. Railroad and Corporation
Bonds.
Bank and Trust Company Stocks.
Selected for conservative investors.
Write for Information to
HEAZELTON & CO.,
Stock and Bond Brokers,
Hay ward building,
San Francisco, Cal.
A BAN FRANCISCO firm wants a representa-
tive in every town; applicant must be able to
give bank security If required. Address box
1283. Call office.
FLATS TO LET.
A— HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense list;
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department: it will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furnltdre Co... 245-209 Geary
Et.. on the EQuare.
NOE. 105C. cor. Elizabeth— New alx-room flat;
all modern Improvements: convenient to Cas-
tro and 24th Et. cars; rent reasonable.
$10 — 1-ROOM flat, 144 Pfeiffer, north of Chest-
nut: furniture can be bought for $50. VON
RHEIN R. E. CO., 513 California st.
AT park entrance; top flat; marine view; mod-
ern in every particular; all-night cars; low
rent; prettiest spot in city. 748 Eighth ave.
GROVE, I'M — Upper cor. flat: 7 rooms; bath,
storeroom: adults. Easton, Eldrldge & Co.
TO let — Modern flat of 6 rooms and bath. 835
Fulton st.; adults.
ELEGANT corner flat, 7 rooms; rent $35.
Church and Hancock, near Eighteenth.
SECOND ave., GOG. near McAllister St. — New,
modern upper flat 0 sunny rooms; $27 B0.
4 NEW rooms and bath; water free; $18. 330
Tehama st.
$11— US SAN "CARLOS ave., nr. ISth and
Mission; 3 sunny rooms.
$12 — FOUR sunny rooms. 515 Thirteenth St.,
near Market.
$37 t>0 — SUNNY upper flat, one flight, 7 rooms;
rear entrance and yard. 1C51 Bush st.
S.4JL^— FIRNISHED^
7-ROOM flat on Eddy st. ; downtown: must sell.
A. B. Smith Furniture Company, 12S Ellis Bt.
FURNITURE' FOR SALE.
FURNITURE of 3 rooms for sale. Inquire
MRS. KANE." M7 Minna st.
NICE furniture 4 rooms for sale; no agents.
351 A Minna st.
FURNITURE WANTED.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission, phone Red 4462,
buys, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpets.
Cal. Auction House pays highest prices for fur-
niture, flats, etc. 11US Mission; tel. Mint 2481.
HIGHEST price for furniture and indse. L. H.
BURD, auctioneer, 1818 Mkt. ;tel. Howard 2750.
A. L. STORKS pays highest cash prices furni-
ture, carpets, etc. : tel. Larkln 3G31. C34 Ellis.
HELP WANTED FEMALE.
WANTED — Cook, San Jose, ?".">. no wash; 2
American family cooks, no washing, $35; 5
cooks, first-class German and American fami-
lies. $."0-$35: cook, 12 students, $:JO, Berkeley;
cook, second girl, same house, $30-$2!>; 8
housework girls, $30, city and country; parlor
maid. $30; maid and seamstress, $.:<). same
house. Colusa, see lady to-day; 2 housekeep-
ers, 3 men, $25 and $35; woman with a child,
cook, 12 boarders, $25, and 55 general
houpework girls, good wages, best of place*.
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 334 Sutter.
WANTED — A nurse for infant, $25; German
nurse fcr twins. 2}i years old. $30; 3 nurse
girls, $15-$20-$25; 2 maids and seamstresses,
$2r>-$30, country; 3 parlor maids, $25-$30; 2
chambermaids and laundresses, $25; laundress,
$30; man and wife as chambermaid and porter,
hotel, $45; waitress for sanitarium, $20; 4
hotel waitresses, $20-$"5; restaurant waitress,
$8; laundress for boys' school. $25, city. Ap-
ply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 834 Sutter st.
A LAUNDRESS. $30; 2 girls for young ladies'
school, $25 each; waitress, $30; 0 second girls,
$25; seamstress, institution, $25; 10 cooks,
$S5 and 830; waitress, hotel, $25; nurse, $25;
governeFS, 2 children: second girl, same place,
see party here. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter.
A FRENCH governess for child 7 years eld;
good wages. MISS PLUNKETT, 425 Sut-
ter, near Powell.
A— WANTED— Girls U> learn halrdresslnj,
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to A
In 2 weeks; $5 to those entering now; 3 po-
sitions to fill Immediately; positions guaran-
teed at $10 per week up; leading school in
West. 233 Geary St.. room 13.
A— LADIES, learn all branches halrdressln*
trade; manicuring,* massage, etc.; 1236 Mar-
ket St., cor. Jones, room !H; positions secured
at Richest wages; day and eve. class: call.
A — Girls to learn millinery now for fall season;
both seasons taught from start to tlnlsh In 1
month for $10; positions as trimmers, sales-
ladies, etc.. guaranteed at $10 per week up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton st.. r. 13.
' WOMEN and girls to work on fruit: steady
employment: day and piece work: highest
wages. CODE-PORTWOOD CANNING CO..
Bryant and Tenth. r* • .;
*• * I \u25a0
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-
ETERS: NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY:
PAID SALARY. LEVI STRAUSS * CO.'S
FACTORIES. 32% FREMONT ST. AND 1873
MISSION. NEAR FIFTEENTH.
»
WANTED — A middle-aged, neat, industrious
woman for housekeeper on a ranch; no ob-
jections to children. Apply 11S5 Mission st.
for particulars.
WANTED— Girl as typewriter; one under-
standing shorthand preferred. "Apply, statins:
salary expected and txpcrlence, box 4010,
Call office.
A FIRST-CLASS finisher wanted on custom
coats; steady work; high wages. 533 Na-
tomp.; st.
EXPERIENCED saleslady for neckwear de-
partment. Apply superintendent's office, Em?
porium.
YOUNG lady for light office duties; must be. a
good penman. Address, in own writing, box
4.17S. Call office.
WANTED— Swedish or German laundress and
chambermaid at 1721 Van Ness ave,- r.
A LADY of indomitable energy to make money
and a convincing talker. F. PERSON, 477
and 478 Parrott' bulldin*.
HELP WASTED MALE Con.
AT C. R. HANSEN 4 CO.'S. . .EMP. AGENTS.
429 Bush st 642 Clay st.
SHIP DAILY THIS WEEK FOR NEVADA.
100 laborers, Fenelon. Nevada f2
100 laborers. Beowawe. Nevada *-
100 laborers. Golconda, Nevada $2
1<X> laborers, Reno, Nevada *-
100 laborers. Valmy. Nev *2
\ Board $4 50 Week.
Absolutely Free Fare; Office Fee |1.
FOR MARIN COUNTY. CALIFORNIA.
Muckers, tunnelmen. laborers $2 25-$2 30
ABSOLUTELY FREE FARE FOR ALL
ABOVE.
DIAMOND MATCH CO.. CHICO. CAL.
Hockmen, laborers 52 25-12 50
Rate Fare $2 80.
Gardener, private place-, $30; man about
place, country. $30; man and wife, stock
ranch. Nevada, party here, $40; 10 laborers
for a cannery, city. $1 75 day; 20 rockmen.
near city, J2 25 day; farmers, milkers, chore-
men, others.
Cook and wife, country restaurant. $70. room
and board; cooks, bakers, kitchen hands, dish
and pot washers, waiters, bell and elevator
boys. $15-$75; washer, first-class country ho-
tel laundry, $50 found; porters; others; camp
cook, $«>.
C. R. HANSEN A CO.'S EMP. AGENCY,
429 Bush st 642 Clay st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the- Denver House.
217 Third St.; 250 rooms: 25c to BOc per night.
MEN to learn barber trade; only 8 weeks re-
quired; special offer this month; catalogue
and full information mailed free. MOLER
SYSTEM COLLEGE. 635 Clay St.
WANTED — Rough carpenters and laborers. Ap-
ply room 14. 2tf Montgomery st.. Sfn Fran-
clrco Construction Company.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms, 35c night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 663 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts\
GET your shoes half soled while waiting: 23o
to BOc. B63 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
HORSES AND 'WAGONS.
HARNESS and saddles, the best for the money,
at JEPSEN BROS. CO.. inc.. the big stor*.
1145-1147 Market St.. San Francisco.
FOR SALE— At Dexter Prince stable, 1500
Grove st.. elegant trap; almost new; bargain.
A BLACK carriage team. 7 and 8 years old;
sound and gentle. Box 7041. Call.
BARGAIN — Low wheel runabout; gentle, small
horse. 1634 Mission.
FOR sale — Handsome trap; cheap. Box 1030.
Call office.
TWO fine ponies tor sale; ride or drtre. Black-
smith shop. Folsom and Eleventh sts.
Largest assortmt 2- hand wagons, buckb'd sur-
rey.harneas.work.drlvlng horses. 15th- Valencia
8 GOOD horses for sal* cheap. 327 Sixth st.
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping wagon and
gocart for sale cheap. S32 Mission st.
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list of houses to let; send for clr-
cular. Q. R UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
A — HOUSES find flats to 1st; an Immense list:
service absolutely free: take, advantage of
this department: it will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-259 Geary
Et., on the square.
BEFORE moving get our. printed list of houses
to let. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 2» Post st.
HOUSES TO LET — FUnXISHEIh
FURNISHED house to let at reduced rent; 10
rooms and bath, with stable. 2628 Folsom
st.; apply on premises.
OAK. 419— Elegantly furnished house; 10 rooms
and 2 baths: large garden; grand view.
HOUSES WANTED.
WANTED — Unfurnished house (no flat), not
less than seven rooms; Western Addition;
rent not to exceed $90 per month. Box 1651
Call office. *
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST — At depot in Sausallto. English pug
dog; scar on right ear. Return to North
Shore R. R. office; liberal reward.
LOST — Sept. 23, small package, containing 2 ;
souvenir spoons; $2 reward at Call office. — '
\u25a0 — — —
LOST — Red book containing 2 checks and 4
street permits. A. Lynch. New Mont.; rewd.
LOST — L«dy's brown fur collar. Third st., nr.
Folsom. Please leave at 24. Hampton place.
IT will pay to "Remember" that th» CallfornU
Watch Case Co., 220 Sutter st.. needs old
gold and sliver to make new watch cases.
MILLINERY.
LADIES, you are invited to visit my millinery
opening to-day and to-morrow; imported and
New York hats. MME. DOSCH. 207 Post nt.
MEDICAL.
SAN FRANCISCO'S EMINENT PHYSICIAN.
DOCTOR WHITE!
•\u25a0 TREATS WOMEN ONLY.
702 MAHKET ST.. room 7. Phone Red 3321.
Even facility for the BEST treatment of
all diseases and disorders of women. Elegant
sanatorium. Select patients. Strictly confi-
dential. Fees within the reach, of all. \u25a0
MRS. DR. WTETH. specialist for all female
complaints; instant relief guaranteed; 30
years' experience; removed to 826 Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and Irregularities; Instant re-
lief guaranteed. IOW4 Market st.. opp. Sth.
VALPEAU'S female pills; best regulating pills
sold: price $2 SO by express. Pasteur's
syringe and tablets; price $2 3»>. By express
only on receipt of price. O3GOOD BROTH-
ERS, wholesale druggist?. Seventh and
Broadway. Oakland.
DR. G. W. O'DOSNELL — All who are sick or
In trouble consult this specialist on feoials
complaints; positively corrected; th» unfor-
tunate helped; the most difficult cases treat-
ed; advice free. Office. 101S Market st.
Drs. Goodwin, 733 Turk, nr. Van Ness — Expert
in obstetrics, female complaints; lnst. relief;
treatment $10; hours. 10 to 5; 25 yrs. exper.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladles'
epectallst; a private home before and during
confinement: best medical care: low fees.
A maternity villa; private; secluded: confiden-
tial. Dr. E. Funke. 1416 Eighth st.. Alameda.
DR. ROSEN moved to 21)95 Folsom St.. corner
26th: relief $10; ladles' exclusive office.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 112C Market st.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 319 Powell st.. oppositt
Union sonar?: all dlyeasgs cured hy herrn.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
ARE NOT THESE BARGAINS?
Sherman & Hyde upright $H7
Filsher Q3
Blnger I«.i
2 6teinways $165 .T>j
2 Chickerlngs 83 150.
2 Heines 237 SS5
Rents, $2 up. apply on purchase; install-
ments, $4 op.
HEINE PIANO CO., 235-257 Geary st.. lar«-
eet exclusive piano house of the West.
AN upright piano shipped by high class East*
ern manufacturers will be scld at actual cost
to sava return of freight. 237 Geary st.
STEINWAY upright, left by private party.
$165; a great bargain. 237 Geary st.
WE rent the best piano in the city for $3 per
month; a few fine ones for $3 50; tf months
rental allowed on purchase price. Something
. hew — the Scott Curtaz "Bijou." a Uttla
beauty with a big tone. Will go through th«
emallest doorway. For rent or for n&le. Th»
"McPhall" piano; a magnificent Instrument.
The "Schiller" piano; best quality for th«
money on the coast. Some big bargains In
second-hand pianos. SCOTT CURTAZ PUno
Co.. 5CO-<KJ-64 Hayea st ; tel.. Fell 5761.
YOU «!c nit take any chances wh-n buying
from as. Our methods are well known to b*
open and above board. "Big bargains, not
big ads," is our rule. All goods guaranteed
as represented or no sale. Call and see lar*»
assortment of new and used Instruments.
THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 780 Mar-
ket st. \u25a0
A FEW good bargains, from $60 up. including
such makes as Mason A H.imlln Vos#
Sterling. Marshall Sk Wendell, Fischer. Kirk-
mann. Carlitt. Weser. Pease. Kohler A. Chass
and many others: e»sy payments. H-nJ. Cur-
tas & Sen, lft O'Farrell; ho branchy in S. F.
THE greatest opportunity errer orfered In San
Fran-lsco to ««t a good reliable piano cheap
Before our removal we trill sacrifice any in-
strument for cash or Installments. Call or
write for prices and terms at once. KOHLER
& CHASE. Established 1&50. 30 Q-FarrtU.
BAND instruments: F. Besson, Paris, maker
Gu» Malwald.Agt. Pac. Coast. 27S O'Farrell-
» tklllfol repairing; 2d-hand Instruments sold.
WANTED — 3 good square pianoT 1 concert
grand piano. 2 organs for halls. BYRON
MAUZY. 3CS Tost st.
A STECK & Gabler upright, nearly new.
cheap; a snap. HORNUNG. '216 McAllister.
A NEW piano at a sacrifice; party goinr
[ away. 609 Diamond au •*-.*• •
SAN FRAACISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San . Francisco
Call, ccrner Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street.
fcrwr Clay; cpes until 9:30 p. m
SCO Hayes street; open until 9:33 p. m.
«..:• McAllister street; open until £:30 p. in.
CIS Lorkln street: open until 9:30 p. m.
1841 Mission street; open until !0 p. m.
22C-1 Market street, corner {Sixteenth; open
cr.til y p. rn. •
10C Eleventh street; oj>en until 0 p. o.
1030 Valencia street; DH4 until 9 p. m.
Nortfceart corner Church and Duncan streets;
<T»n until 8 p. ni.
£>crthwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky ctreets: ep*n until 8 p. m.
tt'O Flllmore street: <-pen until '.» p. m.
*1EETI>« NOTICES.
v — ; — r*
CALIFORNIA Charter No. 5, R. A. <B
M.. will meet THIS (TUESDAY) W
EVENING. September 23. at 7:50 /Ar\
o'clock. M. M. degree. By order of
the II. P.
FKANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
' GOLDEN Gate Lodge No. SO, F. and «
•A. M^-Called meeting THIS (TCEP- Vy
DAY) EVENING at 7 o'clock. Third /v\
degree. By or-Jer of W. M.
EDWIN L. ilEVER, Secretary.
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144. F. and A. ©
M.— Th'.rd detree THIS (TUESDAY) > >Qf
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. /V\
A. S. HUBBARD. Secretary.
MARINE Engineers' Beneficial Association No.
:;5.— Members are hereby notified to attend
the "n*xt resruiar meeting, THIS (TUESDAY)
KVENINO. Setjicmber 28. Nominations of
officers for the ensuing term. 1904.
JAS G. RAPHAEL, President.
EDWARD BRADY. Secretary.
STOCKHOLDER?' MEETING— Notice is here-
by given that the annual meeting of the
MockhMders of The Bank of California will
be h»ld at the banking house in this city on
TUESDAY. October 13, -19C3. at 11 o'clock
a. m. By order of the board of directors.
ALLEN M. CLAY. Secretary.
THK California Debris Commission having re-
ceived applications to mine by hydraulic
jTooess from Middle Yuba Mining Company,
in La Mina del Diablo mine, near Sierra
City Sierra County Cal. draining into ra-
vine which drains Into Middle Yuba River:
fr.im South Yuba Mining and Development
Company in Melster mine, near Emigrant
Gap I'lacer County Cal.. draining into Dia-
jr.ord Creek which reaches Yuba River; from
Toy Kee. in Fairplay rr.lne. near Scales,
Plurr.as County. Cal.. draining into Rock
Creek. whi<*h reaches Tuba River, gives no-
tice that meeting will be held at room 96,
' **!ood buiKing. Sen Francisco. Cal.. Octo-
U>r 12. 3903. at 1 :3t» p. m.
AGKMS WANTED.
AGENTS — An agency fur a proposition that Is
a- decided improvement on building and loan
s wcrih having. Oral Western lmprove-
\u25a0 'men- Co.. Parrott blcg.
A<"iKNTS — A new money-maker. F. PERSON,
4*17 -and 478 Parrott building.
"^ATTOnXEYS-AT-LAW.
\u25a0 Ai-'vYct. .Fltl-iir. ESTABLISHED i2 YEARS.
Divorces a epecialty. Private. Quick.
' ' NO PAY- UNLESS SUCCESSFUL.
' " G W. HOWE. ATTORNEY AT LAW.
1122 Market St.. offices 1, 2, 3. 4 and 3.
BEWARE OF FRAUDS. .
>r.y cr.e can advertise 1 , but unless the adver-
Iim imjf'ssys "Attorney at Law" the party
VJvfp'.f;nB is not a lawyer; don't be fooled.
ADVICE FREE
COLUMBIAN LAW AGENCY
P.m. R5. »:<> Market; tel. Red <S1S; bad ten-
BTite ejected rpced:ly and reasonably; collec-
' .' tions attended to; attachments; corporations
<isanized; clvi! and criminal practice.
liOBT. W KING, ut:y-at-iaw. Examiner bid..
•* iconi Cll; all ca?»-6, damages, estates, wills,
attachments, collections, etc.; consultation
free:' nj> advrace charges; call or write;
rveniscs by appointment. Tel. Red 3001.
ADVICE free^ — I .will advance cost in meritori-
ous caa*c divorces, rrobate and all other law
* .1 * \u25a0 r Tio fees iTi i: ! v.-.;;* p ; open every" even—
ing. J. M. THURSTON. 819 Market st, r. 31.
I. S. CLARK. Krnma Spreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
ket St.: consultation free; no fees In advance.
AITKEN A- AITKEN. attorneys, rs. 309-10-11.
<~ur.fe bK.ff.. 503 California St.: tel. Main 727.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful; all
law buriness. W. W. Davldscn, 927 Market.
DIVORCE — Cost*. $12; Quick, quiet; open even-
:rrs, 027 Market rt.. room 301.
BCSIXBSS 'CHANCES.
HOTEL. rurti!U:re and bar fixtures for sale in
froo-1 rr.ir.inc carnu in Nevada Co. For par-
ticulars Inquire at 11£7 Howard st., S. F.
?ir.« — DELICATESSEN store . worth J600;
iiorth of Market st.; elegant fixtures; ice
chest, etc. :\u25a0" new; clean stock. Apply to-
day only, no agents. 793 Hayes St.
. M-'RNING pai>er route for s&le; 350 papers; a
bargain. Box 830, Call, Oakland.
KfVJ Fale — A good-paying cigar stand; cheap.
.•*U4 Fourth st.
CfOOr* paying shoe shop for sale: 111 health
"cause of selling. 4215 Eighteenth st.
KKSTAURANT t-r sale cheap on. account of
Ftckncn. Call 00:i Third st.
. BUTCHER Imsin. ff for sale In Mission; owner
having <->th»r business to attend to. Apply
H£9\i Fhctwell rt.
;.lco — FIP.ST-CLA?? restaurant; business dli»-
irict; good payer; must be sold, mtj Mis-
Mon Ft.
SNAP — S-rocci Indgii^g and boarding hous», all
• itM: clears $7.1 rr.o.; ?no. 1031 McAllister.
52S6 BUTB paying fruit store. Apply GEORGE
HITNRICK. opposite Berkeley station.
ocWD-PAYIXG sa'.oon for sale cheap, account
of elck'irrs, at 100a et.
FOB sale — Cheap: grocery and bar; no agents.
1122 Harrison pt. between 7th atid Sth. '
Loncixo-iiorsEs for salk.
A-rETEKSES REALTY CO.. 10.!.-> Market st.
— Fpecial bargains in Market-et. houses. —
CO rooms, new, nu'e'rn. central, 4-year-
leape. up to date In appointments, clear, will
exchange 'or !!.*> to 3<> rooms; vrtfculars aa( j
reasons lii office. ;
33 rooais, family* transient, offices, close in,
i;-..-ik.- offer and <?«>l facts In of flee.
30 .rooms, central, lease, cheap rent, other
business compels ficrlSce; terms ve'-- easy.
100 ROOMi. ho\!P«r* fcr men; rent $140 $1000
Tf moms; eouth of Market; rent $10(>., ?*>\u25a0'«>
14 rooms; corner; rr^-t ca»h; bal. easy. K50
- II rooms; cood income; rent fl!0 350
i'l rooir.s: water lront; rent 540;- lease.. C50
:ro rooms: good lease: low re»-* C.M»»
£7 rme. : apartiaeiH^W'f-j.ern *»dd. ; rent 250
Mcr.ey ioer.cd at 1 per- cent.
Ho«"!s. rracht,use*. flntn. 5 u 100 rooms.
EITEL ft CARROLL. 212 Xearny st
22 nODM?: \u25a0!l*cn on© fle^r: choice, sunny
corner: r- vrir,- from bd-iness. For par-
t1-i: l ;»-* -<• 'r-fs 'v,x ?•;«\u25a0. Call cfilce. Oakland.
SPIRITUALISM. ~
PSOP. Fred P. Evans, noted psychic for slates
wrltlr.g and c'-irvoyanc*; stamp for circular
1112 Eddy Et.; nr. Octavla; phone Scott 8S7J
MME. YOUNG'S test circle to-night. 10c- C19
McAllister; all life readings daily 760 Cen-
tral ave.. near Webster. Alame.la.
MR3. Elizabeth Holmes. ''ranee medium 517
McAllister «t.; readings dallyj^clrt-H, to-night.
KATIE HECSSMAN. «i>Ke Friday erenin-'
2V-; sittings. lOQO Harrison St.. cor. Elith!
MRS. EBERHARDT-S spiritual test meeting
to-night. 10c. 3250 22d. bet. Mteilon-vSencSI!
MRS. HARLAND'S r'rele. evening: to-night
10c; readings daily.-JOc. <1. US Sixth st
EDWARD EARLE. 1052 Ellis, readings dally;
CLAIRVOYAVTS.
My Reirular $» Readlngt ThU Week For~
II II $1 $1 $1 ji 5,
PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE
Tbe First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist ever in S»n Francisco
I do h«rcby solemnly agree and guarantee
to make no charge if I fall to tell you your'
r.ame. occupation and what you cal fed for-
I promise to tell you whether husband wife
or sweetheart is trua or false; I tell you
whom and when you will marry; in fact. I
WIU tell you every hope, fear or ambition
belter than yon can -ell yourself; 1 injprov*
your character so that you will reach the
highest possible development In mental vigor
health, happiness and capacity to earn
wealth; bo you will live happy and contented
the rest of your life. Hours 10 A. M. to
* P. IS..: Sundayt,;2 to S. S2fl OTarrell st,. 326.
MME. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third st., next Examiner
1-ldg. ; ehe reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happiness and portrays events »to
occur In tbe future; if you are in trouble, dis-
contented or not satisfied In life, or have do-
mestic, love or business troubles, consult this
great medium and you will be -told how to
overcome them; valuable advice in all affairs
of life; 25c up; satisfaction guaranteed; read-
ings by mall. Tel. Black 4.VR).
A— MME. PORTER, scientific clairvoyant and
card reader, born with a double veil and sec-
ond sight: tells the past, present and futur«:'
ladles. 60c; gents, $1; by cards, palmistry
and clairvoyant sitting: $1 W>. 12C Turk «t.
SIRS. A, H. Kronenberg, palmist, clairvoyant,
• card reader, will give a good reading, lCc, for
a short time only; when owners fall try me to
convince yourself.. 402 Franklin, near Grove.
You can get a fine rig of no matter what kind —
If you'll look o'er our ads, where you're certain to find
All the best things on wheels, and In other things too.
And you know that The Call ne'er tells aught that's untrue.
So Just bear this in mind and you never will lose.
If as guide where you buy you this paper shall choose.Fire Destroys Newspaper Office.
MADERA, Sept. 23.— The Daily Mercury
office was destroyed by fire at 2 o'clock
this mornings It was partly Insured.
lot on SE line of Eleventh avenue, 115.21 SW
of Bella Vista avenue, SW 50 by SB 145.60.
lot 9. and portion lot 10, block A, Bella Vista
Park. East Oakland; $10.
Ar.tolne and Oracle Borel (wife) (by J.
Henry Meyer and J. Freuler. attorneys) to
James Mason, lots 101 to 105 block 23 map
resubdlvlslon Ptralta Park Oakland Town
ship; $10. v
T. W. Corder to Oakland Meat Company,
right to construct and maintain sewer under
and across my property at stockyards on line
at about right angles from "W line of property
of second party herein, crossing railroad right
of way. thence across my property In direct
line to shore of bay under about center old
slaughter house, thence not less than 9 feet
beyond stone wail sewer to be 9 feet below
surface where it crosses above property, right
to exist for 25 years. Oakland Township; $l.
Berry-Bangs Land Company (a. corporation)
to W. C. Fife, lots 8 and 9. block E. Berry-
Bangs Tract Map No. 2, etc.. deed and agree
ment. Berkeley; $10."
Mary E. and Hugh H. Dobbins to Marion
E. Donogh, lot on NW comer ot Rose and
Spruce streets. N 127 by W 50, block 14, Ber
ry man Tract. Berkeley; $10.
Joseph Westall (widower) to John F. A.
Miller, lots 103 to 200. block A, Westall Tract
Brooklyn Township; $10.
Marie and Marius St. Pierre (husband) to
George II. Lee, lot on NE line of Glen ave
nue. 713.0S SB of Short street. SE 11S.80 N
109.70, W 108.03. S 110.25. portion lot ' 14.
Bond Tract. Brooklyn Township; $10.
A. A, and Amelia G Webber (wife) to Alice
M. Scott. Sarah E. Dolbler and George W. A.
Blethen, lot 23 feet . on E Twenty-fourth
street, being lot 7. block A, map subdivision
Heald Twenty-third Avenue Tract, Brooklyn
Township: |10.
Sarah E. Dolbler and Georga W. A. Blethen
to Alice M. Scott (wl/e of George A.), same.
Brooklyn Township: gift.
• John V. and Elizabeth Shank (wife) to
Adolph Hecker. lot on N line of Haight street
480 W of Fifth. W 212:5 by N 135. bloclc
223. Alameda; $10.
Delia E. Uriswoid to Mae E. Hardy, lot on
N line of Cameron street, 240 E of Spring, N
205 by E 60. portion of lot 15, Cameron Tract,
East Oakland; S10.
Frank H. Graham (single) to Albert L.
Kreiss, lot on NE line of East Eighteenth
street. 117 NW of Sixth avenue, NW 33 by NE
100. East Oakland; $10.
Albert L. and Violet A. Kreiss to Anna E.
Blowers (wife Earl D.), same. East Oakland:
$10.
Home Investment Company (corporation) to
Mary W. Austin, lot , on E line of Manila
street, 35.25 S from line dividing Berkeley
Park and Newbury Tract, S 36 by E 112. lot
9, block 3, map of blocks 3 and 4, Berkeley
Park. Oakland: S10.
J. E. and Elsie A. McElrath (wife) to Wil
liam II. Macktnnon. lot 9. block 2108. Alden
Tract at Temescal. Oakland: ?10.
Louis D. Reeb (single) to Felix Soldatl. lot
on W line of Maple street, 150 N of Temescal
avenue. N 50 by W 150, lot 37, Temescal Park,
Oakland; $10.
Karl H. and Ruth B. Nickel (wife) to Mary
L. Peterson (wife A. C). lot on SE line of
Eldorado avenue. 225 SW of Bayo Vista ave
nue. SW CO by SE 125, block F, map Linda
Vista Terrace. Oakland: $10. .
Hannah McGranahan (wife James) to John
and Margaret Kerrigan (wife), lot 23. block
B. map Adeline-street property, a resubdlvlslon
of blocks A and B. Northern Addition. Oak
land; $10.
Alfred C. and Mary L. Peterson to Heron-
Holcomb Company (corporation), lot on NW
line of Fiftieth avenue. 6O NE of East Eight
eenth street, NE 100, NW 175. SW 50, SE 50.
SW 50. SE 125, block 103, Clinton, East Oak
land; ?10.
Charles H. and Evelyn G. Bishop (wife, by
Edgar Bishop, attorney) to James A. Campbell,
lot on NE, corner of Huff and Knox av»nues.
N 301:3. E 125, S 295:5. W 125:1.8. lots I, 2.
3. 8 and 9 and 12. bloclc 2. map H. F. t Knox
Tract Brooklyn. East Oakland; $10. /
. Eugene and Harriet Meyer (wife, by S.
Greenebaum. attorney) to Annie Cook (wife
Frederick), lot on N line of Fo'ajer avenue.
423:1 W of San Eablo avenue, W 00 by N 125,
lot 66, property Villa Homestead Association.
Berkeley; ?10.
Henry Crow (single, by David W. Lorins: and
C. F. Rlllet, trustees) to Continental Building
and Loan Association. 852 D. 92, lot on N line
of Eddy street. 32O E of Dwindle. E 58." N
133. W 6S. 8 182:0. lots 11 and 12. block 4,
Case Tract, trustees* de««d. Berkeley; $3000.
Alex R. and Anna Peterson (wife) by same
to same. 8C3 D. 147, lot 6. block 1. San Antonio,
East Oakland: also a piece of land 25 by 100. In
rear of said lot. East Oakland, trustee deed;
$2000.
J. A. Dowllnjr (single) to C. Ryan, lot on
RE corner of Virginia and California streets. E
120 by 9 15. lot 6. Mock 1. State University
Homestead Association No. 5, Berkeley: $10.
Anna McNelll (single) to Glennie Davies (sln-
Kle). lot on N line of Haste street. SCO E of
Dana, E 30 by N 130. portion subdivisions R.
& S. map. subdivisions G H. 8 T and U of lot
6 block 6, College Homestead, etc., Berkeley:
$10.
Edward T. and Anna F. Johnson to Henry
Barkmeyer. lot on NW line of Llr*e avenue.
329.97 SW of Its Intersection with SW line of
old county road from Oakland to San L^andro.
8W 50 by NW 2G5.31, portion of plat 4, map
of 23-aere- tract nurveyed for Llese Bros. Octo
ber 19. 1*77. Brooklyn Township: $10.
SACRAMENTO. Sept. 28.— The Socialist
party of Sacramento has nominated the
following: ticket: Mayor, W. J. McDowell;
City Collector, M. W. Youngman; Auditor
and Assessor, S. Edgar Alllerman; Treas
urer, Gilbert B. Crelghton; City Attorney,
C. S. Tappan. Nominations for City Trus
tees and School Directors were also made.
Sacramento Socialists Nominate.
J. S. and Clara Myers (wife) to Kate L.
Whidden (wife .of O. R.), lot on E corner
of East Twenty-eighth street and Eleventh
avenue. SB 120 by NB 40. block A. map Bella
Vista Park, East Oakland; $10.
Charles' A. and Alice C. Bailey (wife) to
Wilford H. Burgess, lot on N line of Fran
cisco street, 80 W of McGee. W 40 by N 100,
block 1, map State University Homestead As
sociation No. C, Berkeley; $10.
. Hubert Judge (widower) to Leah F. ' Mott
(single), lot on S line- of Alameda avenue.
11G:8 E of Willow street. E 33:4 by S 150,
portion lot 16 in W M of block E, lands adja
cent to Enclnal. Alameda; $10.
Charles E. Hager or Hoger to Ellen Har
rington, E 76:6 feet of lots 26 and 27. block
6!)«. and S third of E 76:6 feet of lot 25. block
690, Casserly Tract, Oakland Point; $10.
John J. Munz (single) to Otis W. Engs (sin
gle), lot on SW corner of Yerba Buena ave
nue and Horton or Hellen street, said point
being 22.82 W of San Pablo avenue and 030
S of Park avenue, "SV 68 by S 125, block 23,
map of part of plat 6, Kelleraberger's survey
of V. and D. Peralta Hancho, property of J.
S. Emery, Oakland; $10.
Frank H. Graham (single) to Albert L.
Kreiss, lot on NE line of East Eighteenth
street, 50 NW of Sixth avenue, NW 67 by NE
100, East Oakland; $10.
M. and Eliza E. Rinehart (wife) to J. S.
Myers, lot 0, block A, Bella Vista Park, East
Oakland; $10.
Cecilia May Fsolkes Nixon and J. R. Nixon
(husband) to Carl A. Anderson, lot on . E line
of "Wayne street, 40 S from N corner of lot
5. S 40, E 120. N 35, \V 126:6, block F, Peralta
Heights, East Oakland; $10.
Louisa O'Toole (widow) to Rosa Thamm, lot
on W line of Shattuck avenue, 310 S of Eu
nice street, S 60 by "W 135, block 13, Berkeley
Villa Association Tract, Berkeley, warranty
deed; $10.
Frank M. ar.d Rose A.. Wilson to Ange
Clark, lot on SE line of Le Conte avenue,
223.455 NE from its intersection with N line
of Hearst avenue (College waV), NE 60, SE
117:41, B\V 64.04, NW 02.56, lot 7 and S half
of lot 9, block 1, Daley's Scenio Park, Berke
ley, deed and agreement; $100.
Howard and Ellen P. Stlllman to Demmle
Ramsay (wife of H.). lot on NW corner of
Haste street and Piedmont avenue. W 110.86,
N 72, E to \V line of Piedmont avenue, 8 to
beginning, being S 72 feet of lota 16 and 17,
Ellsworth Tract, JJerkeley; $100.
John and Mary J. Wooley to Sarah B. Gil
bert (wife of Thomas H.), lot on N line of Col
lege way, 243.03 W of Shattuck avenue, W 40
by N 134.31, lot 29, block 5, map of Sea View
Park, portion of plat 79, etc.. Berkeley; $10.
James M. and Margaret C Pierce to John
Freuler, lot on N line of . Ridge road (Daley
avenue). 150 W of Le Roy avenue. W 75 by N
140. lot 15 and portion of lot 13, block 12, map
of Daly's Scenic Park, Berkeley; $10.
Henrietta and Harris Lewis to John S. Da
vis, lot on W line of Campbell street, 75 S of
Fourteenth. S 33:3 by W 100, block 725, map
of tract SS2 of Whttcher'a official map, Oak
land; $10. * . -
Mabel E. Anthony to Vlctorine F. Anthony
(mother), all interest In lot ' on NW corner of
Eighth and Peralta streets. N 42, W 100, S
71-31,4 E 104:3%. Oakland; grant.
Realty Syndicate (a corporation) to S. L.
Everett. 8 30 leet of lot 15 and N SO feet of
lot 10, block F, Stanford Tract. Oakland; $10.
George W. and Jessie M. Ellis (wife) to Wil
liam J. and Tillle Roark (wife), lot on E line
of Peralta street. 99 N of West Eighth, N 43.90
E 106.63; 3 12.31, W 114.01, lot 8, map for John
Zlenenbeln. Oakland; $10.
David Neely (single) to B. J. Ehepardson.
lot on SW corner of Forty-third and Grove
streets W 140, 8 200. B 140. N 75. W 90,
N 50. E 90. N 75. lots 27 to 31 and 34 to 38,
block 2092, Paradise rJat, Oakland; $10.
. Fanny K. and Cary Howard (husband) to
C. K. Klntr. lot on N* line of Sycamore street,
91 E of San Pablo avenue, • E 50 by N 90.58,
Oakland; ?10.
C. K. and Carrie E. Kin* (wife) to Cary
Howard, same, Oakland; $10. .
R. D. and Ida B. • Winters (husband) to
Charles L. Gorham. lot 38, map re«ubdivision
block A, Brumagim Tract; Oakland; $10.,
Charles L. and Louise R. Gorham to A. W.
Chappell, lot 88. corrected map resubdlvlslon
block A. same.. Oakland: $10.
It. J. McMullen (single) to William Ogston
(single), lot on NE line of East Twelfth street
125 SE of Fifteenth avenue. SE 25 by / NB
140 lot 6, block 14, San Antonio, East Oak
land; $10.
C. B. and Effle Crane (wife) to W. !•. and
Jane Parry (wife), lot on W line of Grove
street, distant thereon S 139, thence S 40 by
W 124.25. block 1,' McGee Tract. Berkeley: $10t
Josephine F. Brugulere (by William H. Harn.
den, attorney) to Vacarl M. Bacchl (widow),
lot on W corner of San Leandro road or Four
teenth street and Llese avenue, SW 125 by
NW 25, lot 10,^ block 6, map subdivision blocks
17 and 24. etc.; Bather Tract, Fruitvale, Brook
lyn Township; *10.
T. C.- and Grace R. Masteller (wife) to
Mary E. Davla (widow) SW 20 feet of lot
14 and NW 17 feet of iot 13.' block G. map
subdivisions \u25a0 blocks G and , H, Flint Tract,
Oakland; $10.
J. S. and Clara Myers (wife) to Francis Ford.
Alameda County.
Herman and Solomon Roaenblura (owners)
with \u25a0William Linden (contractor), architects
Rousseau & Son — All work for a three-story
frame building (flats) on S line of Turk street.
245:3 W of Laguna W 27:6 by 8 137:6; $9300.
S. Schloss (owner) with same contractor, ar
chitects came — All work for a three-story
frame building: (flats) on S line of Turk street,
162:9 W of Laguna, W 27:6 by S 137:6, W. A.
226; J9250.
Laura V. Holmes (owner) with Mager Bros,
(contractors), architects Shea & Shea — All work
except sewering, plumbing and gasflttlng for
a three-story frame building (flats) on N line
of Golden Gate avenue. 104:4*^ W of Brod
erick. W 26 by N 137:6; $8608.
Same owner with Jeremiah Looney (con
tractor), architects game — Sewering, plumbing
and gasflttlng for same on same; $1150.
Mary G. Beckett (owner) with Mager Bros,
(contractors), architects same— All work ex
cept eewerlng. plumbing and gasfltting for a
three-story and basement frame building
f tint's) on N line of. Golden Gate avenue, 137 :t)
W of Broderick, V,' 26:10% by N 137:6; $SUOS.
Same owner with Jeremiah Looney (con
tractor), architect same — Sewering, plumbing
and gasfittlng for same on same; $1150.
California Baking Powder Company (owners)
with Riley & Hock (contractors), architects H.
Gellfuss & Son — Brick, stone, iron and steel
work, illuminating tiles, grating, fenders, iron
doors for a partly one and two story brick and
partly frame building on SW corner of Eddy
and Fillmore streets. W 137:6 by S 110; $21,
995.
A. W. Stern (owner) with Erik Boee (con
tractor), plans by owner — All vrork for a frame
cottage on S line of Gotden Gate avenue. 100
E of First avenue. E 26 by S 138; $1005.
Carrie M. Mooney (owner) with James A.
McCullough (contractor), architect James A.
McCullough — All work except main bath tub,
finishing hardware, gas fixtures, for a three
story frame unfinished attic and concrete foun
dations on N line, of Broadway, 108:9 W of
Laguna street. W 28:9 by N 137:6; $9525.
Builders' Contracts.
REAIi ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
NAPA, Sept. 28.— E. B. Johnson, who as
proprietor ot'the Hotel and Wine Gazette
of Stockton is charged by Andrew J. Har
rington of Napa with having committed
criminal libel, was examined before Jus
tice Palmer to-day. The article itself was
introduced as evidence. No testimony for
the defense •was introduced. Johnson was
held to answer before the Superior Court,
with bonds fixed at $1000.
Court Holds Him to Answer.
The Frenchman and a companion in
dulged in revelry Saturday night in a
house opposite Nelson's home. During
the night Nelson's wife awakened him
and told him that one of the drunken
men was endeavoring' to enter the house.
Nelson went to the door and ordered tho
man away, when the. intruder attacked
him with a knife. Nelson seized a chair
leg and struck the Frenchman on the
head. The man walked away and Nelson
supposed the disturbance was over.
About fifteen minutes later he heard his
wife scream again and on investigation
found the Frenchman trying to enter the
house. He again attacked Nelson and in
the fight that iollowed Nelson struck_liim
a severe blow on the head with a club.
After telling his story to the officers to
day Nelson was released upon his own re
cognizance.
In defending: himself from the attack of
the man, who had been carousing at a
neighboring house, Nelson struck his as
sailant on the head with a club, frac
turing his skull. The Frenchman died at
the County Hospital to-day without re
gaining Consciousness. The man was first
taken to the County Jail, when supposed
to be in a drunken stupor. It was subse
quently discovered that his condition was
due to a blow on the head and he was ta
ken to the County Hospital.
LOS ANGELES. Sept. -23.— Joseph Nel
son, a rancher living at Hyde Park. &
small settlement ten miles southwest of
this city, this morning surrendered him
self to Justice 'White for having caused
the death of a drunken Frenchman, whose
name has not been learned.
Blows With a Heavy Club
End the Revelry of a
Frenchman.
Intruder at a Southern
California Home
Meets Death.
RICHER KILLS
A DRUNKEN MAN
THE SA^ TRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY. SEPTEMBER 29, 1903.
13
ADVERTISEMENTS.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
STANDARD MARINE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF LIVERPOOL, ENGLAND, on the 31st
day of December, A. D. 1902. and. for tha
year ending on that day. as made to the In*
surance Commissioner of the State of California,
pursuant to the provisions of Sections 810 and
611 of the Political Code, condensed aa per
blank furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock paid up In
Cash .....$ 500,000 00
ASSETS. ~
Cash Market Va'uo of all Stock*
and Bonds owned by Company. .$ I. -HS.0SI 00
Cash in Banks 215. CM 00
Interest due and accrued ra all
Stocks and Loans 18,399 0*
Premiums tn due course of Col-
lection 194.787 Ca
Bills Receivable, not Matured, taken ,
for Fire and Marine- Risks 1.013 00
Total Assets ll.342.9Ca 0O
UABiLrnES. ~~ ~
Losses adjusted and unpaid '
Losses In process of Adjustment
or in Susoen»e \u25a0$ 133.273 00
Losses resisted. Including ex-
penses
Gross premiums on Marine and'
Inland Navigation Risks, i ;
re-Insurance 100 j>«r cent ut i« m
Gross premiums on Marine Time'" 14Z ."*» W
Risks. $ ; re-insurance 30
per <«nt
Due and accrued for Salaries. Rent.
etc.. and sundry creditor* 61.513 00
Total Liabilities | 343.210 00
INCOME. -— — —
Net Cash actually received for
Marine premiums $ 073.780 OQt
Received ,for interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans, and
from all other sources 45,493 00
Total Income J 621.233 00
ECPEOTrrCHES.
N-t amount p&Jd for Marine Losses
(Including I . losses of pre-
vious years) $ 323,782 M
Dividends to Stockholders 50,000 00
Paid for Salaries, Fees, and other
ehargea for offlcers. clerks, etc.. 43,773 31
Paid f.-r State. National and Lo-
cal .Taxrs 3, {CO 63
All other payments and expendi-
tures 813 00
Total Expenditures I 430, eu CO
Marrow.
Losses Incurred during the year 1 318, Otto 0O
Risks and Premiums. I Mar. Risks. I Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
y«ar 180.507.970 I363.T29 00
Net amount of Risks
expired durlne the
year 59.769.213 B39.641 00
Net amount in fnrce
December'3t. lOOg.. 8.463.M0 143.120 0O
J. WILLIAMSON. Prest,
JOHN' GICK. Secy.
Subscribed and sworn to before mn this 334
day of January. 1903. WM. PIERCE.
U. S. Deputy Consul.
J.D. SPREGKELS & BROS. GO.
GENERAL AGENTS.
J. B. P. DAVIS & SON, Managers,
215 Sansoms St , SAN FRANCISCO, GAL
Telephone Private Exchar.gr> 63.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
e Steamers leav* Saa ITraa-
clsco as follows:
For Ketchlkan, Wran»«l,
Juneau. Halnes. S*s.*ws,r.
etc.. Alaska— 11 a. m.. Sept.
18, 23. 28. Oct. 3. Chaa««
to company's steamers *t
p— uu
" For . Victoria, Vancouver.
Port Townsend. Seattt*. Ta-
coma. Everett. Whatcom — 11 a. m.. Sept. 19.
23. 28. Oct. 3. Change at Seattle to this com-
pany's steamers for Alaska and O. N. Ry. ; at
Seattle for Tacoma to N. P. Ry.; at Vancou-
ver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Huraboldt Bay) — Pomona. 1:30
p. m.. £ept. 19. 25, Oct, 1; Corona. 1:30 p. ra..
Sept 22. 2S. Oct. 4.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angeles aa<J
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara-
Santa Rosa. Sundays, 9 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays. 9 a, m.
For Los Anreles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Crux. Mon-
terey, San Simeon. Cfcyucos. Port Harford (Saa
Luis Obispo). Ventura and Hueneme.
Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. Sept. 22, 30, Oct. 8.
Bonlta. 0 a. m.. Sept. 18. 26, Oct. 4.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jos* dtl
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Ro-
salia. Guaymas (Mex.). 10 . m., 7th of eacti
month.
For further Information obtain folder.
Right is reserved to change steamers or saiv
r TICKET OFFICES — ( New Montgom-
ery street (Palace Hotel). 10 Market street ami
Broadway wharf.
Freight office. 10 Market street.
C. IX Dl'NAXN, General Passenger A*«at.
10 Market street. San Francisco.
O, /?. «£ N. CO.
"CoJumbta" sails Sept SO. Oct. 10. 20. SOL
Nov. 0. 19, 29. "George W. Elder" sails Oct.
5. 15. 23. Nov. 4. 14, 2A. Only steamship Uni
to PORTLAND. OR.. Ad short rail line from
Portland to all points East Through tickets
to all points, all rail or steamship and rail at
LOWEST RATES. Steamer tickets Include
berth and meals. Steamer sails foot of Spear
st. at 11 a. ay S. V. BOOTH. Gen. Act Pass.
Dept.. 1 Montgomery st: C. CLIFFORD, Gea.
Agt. Frt. Pept.. 3 Montgomery st
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW YORK-SOUTHAMPTON-LOXDON.
New York.Oct. 7,10 amlSt. Louis. Oct. 21. 10 am
Phila...Oct. 14. 1» amlN. York.Oct 18. 10 am
ATLANTIC TaABTSPOItT UJTB.
New York — London Direct.
Masaba..Oct. 10. 0 amIMIn'polls.Oct. 24, 8 am
Mn"t'ka.Oct. 17. 1 :30pm! Jlln'ha.Oct 31. 1:30 pm
Only First-class Passengers Carried-
DOMINION LDTG.
B ost on— Queen s t own — !• It erp ool.
Mayflower Oct 8 New England. . -Oct. 29
j Columbus (new).Oct. 15 Mayflower. .... ..Nor. I
Commonwealth. .Oct. 22 Columbus Nov. U
! Montreal— Liverpool— Short sea passage
Dominion Oct. 10 Canada Oct. 31
1 Southward Oct. 1" Southward Not. f
Boston Mediterranean ****
AZORES— GIBRALTAR— NAPLES— GENOA.
Vancouver Sat. Oct 10. Nov. 21
Cambroman Sat., Oct 31, Dec. 13
BED STAS LTWE. .
New York — Antwerp — F&ri».
Finland. Oct. 10. 10 amlKroonl'd.Oct 24, 10 am
Vad'land.Oct. 17. 10 am I Zealand. Op t 31. 10 am
WH3TS STAS T.TTTH.
New York — Queens-town — Xilvexpool.
Sailing Wednesday* and Fridays.
Germanic Oct 7, noon (Majestic. -Oct. 14. noon
Cedrlc....Oct 9. 7 am Celtic. Oct. 16, 1:30 pm
Armen'n.Oct. 13. 10 am 'Oceanic. Oct. 21, 6 am
C. D. TAYLOR. Passenger Agent. Pacltlo
Coast. 21 Post st, Saa Francisco.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA,
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.>
Steamers will leave wharf, corner Flret aa4
Brannan streets, at 1 p. ra.. for YOKOHAMA
and HONGKONG, calling at Kobe <Hto«oX,
Nagasaki and Shanghai, and connecting at
Hongkong with steamers for India, etc. Na
cargo received on board oa day of sailing.
S 3. NIPPON MARU
Thursday. October U. 190*
fl. 8. AMERICA MARU
Tuesday, November 10. 1908
S. S. HONGKONG MARU
Thursday, December 9, 1903
Via Honolulu. Round trip tickets at reduce-!
rate*. For freight and passage apply at Com*
pany*s office, 421 Market street, corner first.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
oceanics.s.co-iE^S
S.S VENTURA, for Honolulu, Samoa, Auca>
land and Sydney. Thursday. Oct \u25a0*. 2 p. rn.
S 8 ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Oct 17. 11 s»m.
sis MAIUPOSA. for Tahiti, Oct. 2*. U «. m.
*U,S?!E«Ei:4 3133.83., lj!>..T)rtitSffiC8,543Iirtj:Jl
fffc$t!!flci.32S .rWSL.fcrli Uia&tt.
C0OFA8HIS QEirXXALS TKANaATtA.ITiaCl
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. ifl*.
Bailing every Thursday in«tead of 4TCJ8M
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42, •^sobbwbb
North River, foot of Morton st
First-class to Havre. 970 and upward. Sec-
ond-class to Havre. $43 and upward. GSS-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson Building).
New York. J. T. FUQAZI & CO.. Paetfle Coast
Agents. 3 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Ajtr.t*.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 iJEOADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$C500— ORIGINAL cost $S500; house of 10
rooms; 5 mantels, heaters, cement base-
ment; hardwood finish halls and dining-
room; a corner lot. 75x125 (note glze); ele-
gant marine view; former honre of our
. present Oovernor, George C. Pardee, and
like himself, thoroughly substaitlal and
first-class in' every respect; terms only i
$1000 cash, balance mortgage.
J. S. MYERS or GEO. W. AUSTIN,
1002 Broadway. Oakland.
$100 cash and $45 a month buys a new
colonial 7-room house, right on 12th st.
boulevard: large lot; open and nickel
plumbing; combination gas fixtures; 2
blocks to local station and school; cars
in front of the door; $300 less than would
cost to duplicate; owner prefers to sell on
time rather, than rent.' This is a rare
chance; seelnc is believing.
J. S. MYERS or GEO. W. AUSTIN,
1002 Broadway, Oakland.
CHEAP LOTS. ; CHEAP LOTS. "
$5 cash. $2 CO monthly; fine level lots; soil
and location superb; price $75.
$10 cash. $5 monthly; level lots in new set-
tlement; soil and location the best; 50x145;
price $150. %
$25 cash. $7 50 monthly; extra fine lots, lOOx
122:6; 75 homes Just gone up; has a great fu-
ture; see them; price $300; will build you a
home.
$100 cash. $10 monthly; 100x200; level and
fine lots, adjoining East Oakland: streets grad-
ed; about 10O houses built in less than two
years; city water, etc.; price $585. Call or send
for circular. 455 Seventh St., opposite Broadway
station, Oakland. Carriage free. IL Z. JONES,
owner. m
$2500 — COMFORTABLE cottage with bay-win-
dow and high basement; lot 140 feet deep;
fine, large barn; gravel driveway; nice
neighborhood ; street work all done; above
San Pablo ave.; terms If you like.
No matter what kind of a place you want
to buy. be sure to call and see J. S. MYERS
or GEORGE W. AUSTIN, 1002 Broadway,
Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains InTfurnU
turf. H. Sohellhaas. 11th nt..cor.store.Oaklnd.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
NOTICE is hereby given that the Transfer
Books for the transfer of stock of The Bank
of California will be closed September 15,
1903. at 3 o'clock p. m., and will reopen on
Friday. October 2. 1903. By order of tha
Board ol Directors
ALLEN M. CLAY. Secretary.
September 3. 1903.
Ladies! Chichester's English Pennyroyal Pills
are best; safe, reliable; take no other. Send 4o
stamps for particulars. "Relief for Ladles"
in letter by return mall. Ask your druggist.
Chlchester Chemical Co.. Philadelphia. Pa.
DR. A. E. NEUMEISTER, Surgeon — Special
attention given to medical and surgical dis-
eases of women, diseases of the liver stom-
ach and bowels. 613-14 Starr King bids.,
121 Geary st.; tel. Private Exchange 210.
PENSION attorney: M. HARRIS. 40 Ellis St.,
San Francisco: 14 years' experience.
SPECIALISTS.
CATARRH. DEAFNEsVanTNOISES in EARS
positively cured; new method; 1 week's treat-
m>nt free. Dr. Cottlngham. 204 Sutter gt.
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture7
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 726-
731 Howard St., near Third; phone Grant 161.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co. of-
flee Post and Powell sta. ; tel. Prlv. Ex. 571.
CONKLIN'S storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 33.1 Golden Gate ave. ; phone East 126.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made; 840
Mission Ft. ; tel. Howard 941. t F. W. Zehfuas.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore St.; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 11 Montgomery
st. : tel. Main 184O. Shipping at cut rates.
STUTTERING AND STAMMERING.
MELBOURNE School. Van Ness-Market — Cure
In every case; individual teaching; no medi-
cine. Inquire into wonderful cures; home cure.
JTYjpjEWRITJE'rUS AXD^SUrFLIES.
GREAtTIaRGAINsTn TTPEWmTERS^^
6ell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 530- California; telephone Main 266.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each; get par-
tlculars. L. & M. ALEXANDER, 110 Mont-
gomery St.
2D.-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Wtbater Typewriter Inspec. Co.. BOS Market.
OIV1DE.\D .NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice. — Mercantile Trust Company
of Ban Francisco— Dividend No. 2 of three
dollars per share will be payable at the of-
fice of the corporation, 238 Bush et., San
Francisco, October 1, 1903; transfer books
will close September 23, 1903.
JOHN D. McKEE. Secretory.
______
SAN "FRANCISCO^ ~Cai.. Sept?" 22^ 1903!—
Sealed proposals, In triplicate, will be re-
ceived here until 11 o'clock a. nu, October 2,
1003, and then ot>ened for construction of
store building and cable tank building at
Presidio of San Francisco, Cal. Government
reserves right to reject or accept any or all
bids in whole or In part. Information fur-
nished on application to WM. S. PATTEN,
Asst Quartermaster General, Chief Q. M.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday :
Robert Tunnlcliffe, 27, 8250 Twenty-third
street, and Margaret J. Sanbron, 22, 3144
Twenty-third street.
Charles L. Adamson, 22, Monterey, and
Stella McKean, 22, Long Beach, Wash.
Edwin B. Gardner, 23. San Rafael, and Maud
S. E. Fiorl, 19, San Rafael.
Joseph A. Marchus. 21, 113"4 Powell street,
and Anna S. Henry. 18, 139S Forty-ninth ave.
Jochim Krohn, 41, Petaluma, and Anna C.
Wendt. 40. city.
John E. Ericksen, 31, 42 Elliot Park, and
Mariah A. Bjork. 18, 42 Elliot Park.
William L. Bubb, 27, 226 Sixth street; and
Lulu Tullldce. 18, 2763 Harrison stree/.
Emmet D. Boyle, 24, Dayton, Nev., and Vlda
M. McClure, 21, , Carson, Nev.
Ben Egar, 4S. Oakland, ana Mary E. Mc-
Dermott, 33, San Rafael.
John W. Olney. 25, Oakland, and Lucy T.
Jordan. 19. city.
Amerlco Vannuccl, 27, 3415 Eighteenth street,
and Florinda Masel, 19, 4129 Eighteenth street.
Ferdinand L. Hall. 29. 408 Stockton street,
and Wilhelmina K. Hepburn. 23, 1150 Halght.
Niels H. Dreir, 01, 1500*4 Folsom street, and
Louise Osander, 42, 1500*^ Folsom street.
Leopold Bearwald. 21. JM6 McAllister street,
and Kitty Byrne, 21, 320 HIcKory avenue.
Christian Petersen, 38, 2801 Twenty-fourth
street, and Mary Muller, 38, Oakland.
Ernest C. Webber. 27, 849 Capp street, and
Corlnne Oubertlne, 21, 3777 Clay street.
Victor Mannlsto, 36. 200 Steuart street, and
Annie Koibu. 28, 206 Steuart street.
Asa W. Smart. 31. 1554 California street
and Olive Kessler. 83. f»92 Ellis street.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— OEATHS
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence ot per-
sons authorized to have, the same published.
BORN*
BUNTING — In this city. September 27, 1903,
to the wife of Joseph N. Bunting, a daughter.
GRAVES — In Alameda, September 26, 1903, to
the wife of F. B. Graves, a daughter.
KALISKY— In this city, September 24, 1003, to
the wife of Fred Kallsky, a daughter.
PETERSEN— In this city. September 14, .1903
to the wife of H. L. Petersen, a daughter.
RICKLEFS — In this city, September 19, ' 1903,
to the wife of Henry Rlcklefs, a son. ,
WESTPHAL— In this city, September 22. 1903
to the wife of Dr. C. H. Westphal, a son.
~~ married!
BUBB — TULLIDGE— -In this city, September
28, 1903, by the Rev. F. A. Keast, W. L.
Bubb and Lulu Tullidge, both of San Fran-
cisco.
FIEGE— LOOS— In this city. September 2fc
1903, by tha Rev. J. Fuendellng, Henry WlK
• 11am Flege of Reno. Nev., and Minnie Loos
of Stockton, Cal.
GRANER— KREH— In this rtty. September 20,
1903, by the Rev. J. Fuendelin*. Charles
Graner and Louisa J. J. 'Kreh, both of Beni-
cla, Cal.
SCHOENFELDER— GSCHWANDER— In this
city. September 24, 1903, by the Rev. 'J.
Fuendellrg,- Johann SchoenfeXder and Mrs.
Fanny Gschwander. .both of Oakland.
DIED "— -
Bain. Florence Hogeboom, Lawrence
Brownrigg, Wm. E. "Huerne, L. E. P. '
Bunting, Alice G. Kendrlck. Thomas \u25a0
Burke, Mary King, Theresa J. >
Campion. John F. Klein, Louisa A.
Capelli, Antone . Lynch, Andrew
Donahue, Annie McHale, Annie
' V .\u25a0 - \u25a0 "/ -
Mare Iiland md Vallejo Steamer*.
Steamer GEN. FRISBIE ir MONTICELLO—
9:45 a. m.. S-.15 and 8:3O p. m.. except Sunday.
Sunday. 8:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leave Vallejo,
7 a. m., 12:30 noon, 6 p. m., ex. Sunday. Sun-
day, 7 a. m.. 4:15 d. m. Fare. 50 cents. T«L
Main 1503. Pier 2, Mission-it, dock. HATCH
BROS.
; ItEA^J£^\TE~-Cl^--£OIl_JSALB.
i MADISON & BURKE. So Montgomery at.
AUCTION!
AUCTION 1 .
WEDNESDAY SEPT. 30. 1903,
At our salesroom. 30 Montgomery Et.
At 12 o'clock neon.
REFEREE'S SALE.
No. 1420 California et.. bet. Hyde and Lar-
kln; old dwelling; elegant site for flat3; lot
20x137:0.
ADMINISTRATRIX SALE.
Nos. 47-49 Langton st.. bet. Howard and
Folsom; 2 flats; renting lor $25 per month;
let 25xS0. ALSO
Nof. Vi Langton. bet. Howard and
FolFom: store and flats above; renting for
W- 5u per month; lot 25x75.
BUSH ST. INSIDE LOCATION.
No. 705 Bush, adjoining cor. Powell; house
12 rooms; rent f+o per month; XI location
for apartment-house.
CALIFORNIA ST.. NEAR POLK.
; . No*. IOikJ-IOuS California st.. adjoining N.
W. cor. Po!k; 2 houses, renting low for $S0
per month; this property has grand business
future; lot 50x87:6 and 137:6.
TAYLOR-ST. CORNER.
Northeast cor. Taylor Ft. and Broadway; 2
dwellings; renting for $03 per month; one of
the most sightly and protected corners In
this cecticn: grand corner for flats or apart-
ments; lot C2:Cx90.
Taylor pt.. adjoining cor. jackson
Nos. 1309-1311 and 1313 Taylor st.; 63:9
feet south of Jackson; large house of 23
rooms, baths, etc.; also 2 dwellings adjoining
of 0 rooms each, which, with small, outlay,
could be converted into flats; grand marine
view; lot 107:6x137:6.
HOWARP-ST. INVESTMENT.
Nos. 1209 to 121 1 U Howard and 708 to 712
Tehama; C . substantial modern flats on
Howard st. end 6 flats on Tehama St., In
"•ar; present low rental ?25SO per annum;
let 45x1*50.
GOLDEN GATE PARK BLOCK.
Half block faclne Golden Gate Park;
frontlr.j on Fuiton st. (formerly D et.),
Thirtieth ave. and C st. ; size 120x600.
ESTATE OF M. HARTLEY. DECEASED.
Lets Xqs. 8 and n in block 202 of the S. S.
F. lid. and R. R. Association; sire 75x200.
ALSO
L<it Nft. 3 In block 34 of Excelsior Hcrae-
stead Association; fire 100x150.
For catalogue and particulars apply to
MADISON & BURKE.
| 30 Montgomery st.
I A FELEOTEI") list of bargains in real estate
offered by W. J. GUNN, MO California et.
(Savings Union building.)
$1750 — Cheap lots; en sunny side of Union St.;
prand marine view; easy terms; cheapest
lots In Western Addition; cars pass; ready
for building; fine location for flats.
$45>O© — A choice northwest corner; Western
Addition; 44x103; grand marine view; a
I . bergain: the frontage of 103 feet is on
the tunny side; a- fine buy to build flats
tn; very cheap; $5<\)0 was offered for this
lot a few months ago; offered on account
of departure.
$2.">00— Choice lot; sunny side of Union St., near
&colt: very cheap; on slope of hill.
i $2000 for both or $1300 for one: two lots on
west line of Sixth ave., north of Lake St.;
I \u25a0 25x120; street work all done; elevated and
Flte'y; adjoining lot sold for ?1500; fine lo-
• cation; desirable residence; easy terms;
this is a positive bargain.
i $300 and fSTJ for lots north of the park with
all -street work done: 3 lines cars: only a
few left; all this side of Eighth ave;
bargains.
W. J. GUNN. C30 California et
J1400 — MODERN cottace; 5 rooms and bath:
city water; lot 50x100; $15<> cash' $25
monthly.
! $1500 — 5-room cottage; redwood finish: electric
lights; hot and cold water; easy pay-
ments. •
. $1000 — Lot 50x133 on main avenue; $20 month.
: ?2000— 2-£tory hcuse; store and 11 rooms; city
\u25a0water and well; broad street; macadam-
ized. A34.
$26OO-^HaIf block by the Santa Fe: $50 month.
$1500 — Lot for factory site. 221x125. 172.
$2000 — House. 4 rooms, attic and high base-
ment; lot 100x130; street macadamized.
A74.
$1000 — Corner. 9SxlOO. on railroad; $15 month.
$120b— rHouse, 5 rooms; barn; well; macadam.
A50.
$450 — Cabin, 1 room: lot 32x123; near station
CHAS. A. BAILEY. 105<J University ave..
near Pan Pablo ave., Berkeley.
THE MCCARTHY COMPANY, C46 Market st.
$50,000 — New Paclflc-ave. Investment; now
rented for $50"0 a year.
$0,000 — Pierce and Vallejo Rt. corner; marine
view; street work all done.
$5.C50 — Choice corner on Union St.. with two
cottages suitable to improve.
$1,200 — Ocean Hcuse road corner, 100x125; half
real value for quick Bale.
$150 — For a Punny fide level building* lot.
$5.250 — Two flats; always rented; near Union.
$2.f.")0 — Stelner-Et. cottage; a choice locality.
$2,r.OO — Lot. Union et., near Pierce.
$1.2<V» — Oreenwich-st. luilding lots.
$175— Special bargain for Lakevlew lot.
$1.300 — Corner an Webster Ft.; bargain.
$C50 — Fruitvale; large corner; cheap.
$1.200— Wcbster-st. lot?, near Greenwich.
THE MCCARTHY COMPANY. 646 Market st.
BARGAIN — Two handsome new residences of
6 rooms and bath; Funny, modern end up to
date in every particular; Nos. 1*06 and 068
Clayton Et.. near Golden Gate Park; price
$51<X> and $5400. Apply R. D. CRANSTON
& PONS, 114 Montgomery et.
$2100 COTTAGE of 4 r. and b.. large basement
and yard: 224 27th st_ ; this Is a bargain.
$100 down and $15 per month; cottage, 4 r. and
b. ; Nevada ave.
D. COFFIN & CO.. 3303 Mission st.
$16f>0 — NEW. modern, up-to-date 4-roam and
bath cottage; sunny; Mission; $400 cash, $15
monthly. OWNER, box 43G9. Call office.
$11. COO — INCOME property south of Market St. ;
pays 10>4 per cent net after deducting all
expenses. THORNE & CO.. 312 Bush at.
BUILD on your unimproved realty; we loan
full cost imDrov. and part lot at 0 per cent.
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker building.
FOR sale — House 8 rms. ; high basement; sunny
f !rV 19th. bet. Valencia and Mission; no reas.
effer refuted. Stephens & Co.. Unlon-sq. Mkt.
A VTEEK'S news for 5 cent*— The "Weekly Call.
JO r>a*p«. in wrarper. fcr mallinu. $1 per year.
ROSS VALLEY' REAL ESTATE.
THE Mann place, Ross Valley, will be offered
for sale, the next thirty days; price $20,000.
Address box 16. Ross.
rOIXT RICHMOND REAL ESTATE.
WATER front lots and bargains: all tracts;
maps, photos, etc. BELL. 417 Parrott bldg.
REAL ESTATE — Country — For Sale.
A RARE barpaln— 2100 acres" Stanislaus Coun-
ty. 13(X> acres good plow land; all exception-
ally good grazing land; fenced and improved;
will exchange fcr San Francisco property.
A. B. TA RPEY, room 34, oOS Montgomery
St., San Francisco.
2 ACRES land, adjoining Union Park, Colma;
fenced hedges around land; good house;
chlcken-housee. water; reasonable; chickens,
ducks. R. S. THORNTON. 410 Examiner bid.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards.
vineyards; Inspected bargains; monthly cata-
logues sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO., 648
Market et.
FOR Eale — 25 acres near Mulr Station: partly
planted In young vineyard; oiled roads. Ad-
dress E. B.. C07 Sixth St.. Oakland.
BARGAIN — To rent or Bell. 494 acres near San
Mateo. 207 Church nr. Market. 10 to 11 a. m.
FOR poultry and dairy ranches yielding a pood
profit HAMILTON & KENDRICK.Petaluma.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
< . \u25a0
ALAMEDA HEAL ESTATE.
JUST WHAT YOU ARE LOOKING FOR.
A PRETTY HOME IN ALAMEDA.
Surrounded by flowers and fruit trees; near
train and schools; only $2S50; lot 75x125.
Nice- 5-room cottage and bath.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
Tel. Grand 1416. 1500 Park St.. Alameda.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
THIS IS A BEAUTY.
7-room house, bath, 2 toilets, stationary
tubs, electric lights, decorated ceilings; street
work done: convenient to ferry lines; price
$3000; terms made to suit. .
O. A. RUDOLPH,
Open Sundays. Lorln!
A VERITABLE SNAP. • ~"
A new 5-room cottage, bath, toilet, station-
ary tubs: street work done; price $2000;
. terms $100 cash, balance same as rent.
\u25a0 . O. A. RUDOLPH.
Open Sundays. Lorln.
HERE IT IS— ™~
A new 4-room cottage; bath toilet, stationary
tubs; large lot; close to station and ferry
lines; price $16U0; terms made torsult.
o. a. rudolph,
open. sundays. lorin.
JTj. "mason! \u25a0\u25a0 ,- \u25a0"
Real Estate and Insurance Agent.
Choice Property a Specialty.
* EE cor. Sbattuck ave. Bnd Center st.
Berkeley, Cal.
Dutr, '. Thomas J. ' McMahon, Eleanor
Dunlop, Robert Maloney, Norah
Dunn, Jennie Henry J.
Furst. Herman Merriam. Charles R.
Gaffney, Michael Plolle, Jennie
Grant James A. Smith. Annie L.
Gove. David M. ' Stork, Hilda
' . Haible. Constance Warnes, John A.
Hewitt, Mrs. Sarah Weber, O. H. R.
BAIN — In this city. September 27, 1903, Flor-
.ence, .beloved wife of .- the : late Alexander
llain, ' and mother of the late James R.
Chambers, a, native of Pennsylvania.
E7"FT(ends and acquaintances are respect-
' fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
J (Tuesday?, at 2 o'clock, from the chapel o£
* Charles H. J^-Truman & Co., 190» Mission
street, between Fifteenth and Sixteenth.
BROWNRIGG— In this city, September 27, 1903.
William E. Brownrigg 1 , beloved husband of
Frances Brownrigg, brother of Robert F.
and Henry ' J. Brownrigg,. and n«phew of
Traner Brownrlgg 1 of Napa, a native of San
Francisco, aged 25 years 8 months and 27
days.
ICTFuneral services private to-day (Tues-
day), at 10 o'clock, at the parlors ot James
Hasan, 445 Valencia street. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery.
BUNTING— In this city, September 27. 1903,
Alice Griff en Bunting, beloved wife of Joseph
N. Bunting, a native of New York.
O" Interment at San Jose.
BURKE— In this city. September' 27. 1903.
Mary,, beloved wife of the late William
Burke, a native of Ireland, aged 70 years.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of the Henry J. Gallagher Undertaking
Company. 20 Fifth street, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church, where mass will be celebrated
for the repose of her soul, commencing at 10
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery by
way of 11 o'clock train from Third and
•Townsend streets.
CAMPION— In this city. September 25. 1903.
John F. Campion, beloved father of Julia,
Alice and Edward Campion, and brother of
Mrs. Ann Lacv and James Campion, a na-
tive of County Kilkenny. Ireland, aged 37
years 9 months and 2 days.
[CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 225 Eighth street, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church for services, commencing at
10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
I CAPELLI — In Healdsburg, Sonoma County,
Cal., S*;Dtember 28, 1903. Anton&, dearly be- !
loved husband of Amelia Capelli, beloved
father of Dolce and Romllda Capelli. beloved
Fon of Carlo and Domenlca Capelli, and be-
loved brother of Michael Capelli, Mrs. Louisa
Scgale and Mrs. Mary Carll, a native ot
Italy, aged 31 years.
DONAHUE— In Oakland. September 27, 1903.
Annie Donahue, beloved wife of Francis
Donahue, and mother of Mrs. William J.
Britton, a native of Queens County, Ireland,
aged 00 years. '*\u25a0• . • .
(C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Tuesday.
September 29, 1903, at 8:30 o'clock, from her
lato residence. 35 Chase street, thence to St.
Patrick's Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated— for the repose, of
her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment St. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland,
i DUFF— In Alameda, September 27, 1903,
Thomas J., beloved son of Thomas and Rose
Duff, and brother of Mrs. A. II. Origsby and
Mrs. C. F. Fletter, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 24 years 6 months and 13 days.
(ET'Frlcnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Tuesday, September 29, 1903, at 10 o'clock,
from his late residence, 1C15 Willow street,
thence to St. Joseph's Church, where a re-
quiem high mass, commencing at 10:S0
o'clock, will be said for the repose of his
soul. Interment St. Mary's Cemetery, Oak-
kuid.
DUNLOP— In Napa, September 28, 1903, Rob-
ert Dunlop, a native of Sydney, N. 8. W..
aged 40 years. A member of Longshore Lum-
bermen's Association, Local No. 224.
Unfriends are respectfully invited to at-'
tend the funeral to-morrow (Wednesday), at
1 o'clock, from the parlors of Craig, Cochran
& Co.. 429 Golden Gate avenue, under tho
auspices of Longshore Lumbermen's Assoclar
tlon. Local No. 224. Interment Mount Olivet
Cemetery.
DUNN— In this city. September 27. 1903, Jen-
nie Dunn, daughter of John and the late
Martha Dunn, a native of San Francisco.
(New York nnd Brt;oklyn papers please copy.)
[CTFriends are invited to attend the fu-
neral services at 10:30 o'clock to-day
(Tuesday), at the residence of her sister,
1120 Taylor street. Interment private. Lau-
rel Hill Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
FURST — In Oakland, September 28, 1903,
Herman, beloved husband of Rebecca Furst,
father of Mrs. Samuel Splro. Martha, Regina I
and Leon Furst, and brother of Mrs. j. I
Dbert and Mrs. J. Relss of San Francisco,
a native of Germany, and 64 years 10
months and 18 days.
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, at his late
residence. 1011 Webster street. Oakland. In-
terment Mountain View Cemetery. Kindly
omit flowers.
GAFFNEY— In this city, September 27. 1903,
Michael Gaffney, a native of Ireland, aged
72 years.
GRANT— In this city. September 27. 1903.
James A., beloved husband of Jennie L.
Grant, and father of James A., John D. and
Raymond V. Grant and Mrs. J. Henderson,
a native of Lancaster, Canada, aged 54 years
and 29 days.
[C Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late
residence. 5D5 Hayes street, thence "to Sacred
Heart Church, .where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose ot his soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. .
[ GOVB— In this city, September 28, 1903, David
M., beloved husband of Rose S. Gove, and
brother of Mrs. L. A. Cbnklin, a native of
San Francisco, aged 47 years and 10 months.
HAIBLE — In this city, September 27, 1903,
Constance Haible, a native or Germany, aged
45 years.
HEWITT— In this city, September 28, 1903,
Mrs. Sarah Ella Hewitt,, wife of the late
J. M. Hewitt, and mother of Josephine Hew-
itt, a native of Boston, Mass., aged 63 years.
(Coston papers please copy.)
(CTFuneral services at 11:30 a. m. to-day
(Tuesday) at the parlors ot the First Unita-
rian Church, corner of Franklin and Geary
streets. Interment private.
HOGEBOOM — In Alameda, September 27, 1903,
Lawrence V. Hogeboom, beloved husband of
Ellen Hogeboom, and brother of Frank Hoge-
boom of Sacramento, a native of New York,
aged 70 years and 7 days.
EJ'FrienJs and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral cervices
Tuesday, September 29, 1003. at 1:30 o'clock,
at the Masonic Hall. Funeral under the
auspices of Oak Grove Lodge No. 215, F.
and A. M. Interment Mountain View Ceme-
tery.
HUERNE — An anniversary requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of the soul
of the late L. E. Prosper Huerne at the
Church of Notre Dame des Victolres, Bush
street, below Stockton, Thursday, October 1,
* commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Friends and
acquaintances are respectfully Invited to at-
, terW.
KENDRICK— In this city, September 23, 1903,
Thomas, dearly beloved husband of Ellen
Kendrick, and devoted father of Mary,
Thomas. Bart, Nellie, Agrnes and Joseph
Kendrlck and Mrs. J. C. Flood, a native of
County Tipperary, Ireland.
ICyFrienas and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 1202 Treat avenue, thence to St.
Peter's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
KING — In this city. September 27. 1903, The-
resa J., wife of Patrick J. King, beloved
mother of Edna, George and Norbert King,
beloved daughter of Bridget and the late Ed-
ward J. Walcott, and sister of Mrs. John
Hayden, Mrs. Frank J. Foley, Mrs. T. j.
Dwyer and Thomas, George, Edward, Frank
and Phlllo Walcott. a • native of Boston,
Mass.
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 12:30 o'clock, from her late
residence. 157. Clara street, thence to St.
Patrick's Church for services at 1 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. »
KLEIN — In Alameda, September 28, 1903
Louisa Anna, beloved daughter of Rosetta
and the late Henry Klein, and sister dt
Charles A. and George H. Klein, a native
of San Francisco, aged 30 years 10 months
. and 7 days. ! ;
LYNCH — In the City and County Hospital
September 27, 1903, Andrew Lynch, a native
of Ireland, aged C3 years.
McHALE— In this city. September 28, 1903
Annie McHsle, a native of County Mayo,
Ireland, aged 62 years.
(E?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited- to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 419 Minna street, near Fifth
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where a
solemn requiem high mass - will be cele-
brated for the repoee of her soul, commencing
at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery. -
McMAHON— In this city, September 26, 1903,
Eleanor Haverln, - dearly beloved wife ot
John Joseph McMahon, and devoted mother
of Mrs. J. II. Lewis, Mrs. Henry C. Luck-
man and the late Mrs. Alice Dugan, a native
-•of Coal Island, County Tyrone, Ireland.
(New York and New Jersey papers please
copy.) .
, • . tCTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Tuesday
morning, September 29. 1903. at 9:15 o'clock,
F. J. Monahan. President.
MONAHAN & CO.,
(Inc.)
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
2339-2341 Mission et. Telephone Mission 31.
James McGinn.'*" . \u25a0 Henry'Hanaen I
" "> JAMES McGINN & CO.. I
Formerly. With^ McGinn Bros., I
— —Funeral Directors' and Embalmera,--^-.' I
214 Eddy St.; Tel. South 676. I
1 from the residence of \u25a0 her daughter. Mrs.
Henry C. Luckman, 20 Hardy street, off Six-
teenth, between Church and Sanchez, thence
to St. Ignatius Church, where a solemn re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for tha
repose of her soul, commencing at- 10 o'clock.
Interment Holy. Cross Cemetery.
-MALONEY— In this city?- September 28, 1903.
Norah, beloved wife of the late Bartholomew
Maloney, and sister of Mrs. Annie Taylor and
Mary A. O'Brien, a native of County Clare,
Ireland, aged 60 years.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
, fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 701 d< atcma street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
MASSON— In this city, September 27, 1903.
[ Henry J. Masson, a native of Kansas City,
' aged 25 years. "
MERRIAM— In this city, September 2S, 1903,
Charles R., beloved husband of Susan Blake
' Merriam, and father of George R., William
P. and Percy A. Merriam. a native ot St.
Johnsbury, Vt., aged 69 years 4 months and
1 day. \
PIOLLE— In this city, September 27. 1903.
Jennie Plolle, beloved daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. Pierre Marque, sister of Emlle Plolle
and Celine, Lucia and Emilia Marque, and
granddaughter of Mrs. Mounlquo Laborde,
a native of San Francisco, aged 13 years 11
month* and 1 day.
CyFricnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Wednesday, September 30, 1S03. at o'clock,
at her late residence. 347 Edinburgh street.
betweem China and Brazil avenues. Inter-
. ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
SMITH—In this city. September 23. 1903, An-
nie L., beloved wife of W. L. Smith, and
mother of Nelson O. Smith and Mabel L.
Smith Cairns, a native of Philadelphia, aged
66 years.
STORK — In this city, September 28. 1903.
Hilda, 1 beloved wife of Charles A. Stork,
mother of Albert Stork, daughter of Charles
J. and the late Cecilia Paulson, and sister of
Mrs. H. Hwtzell. Mrs. Mllly J. C. Nlckum
of Portland, Or., and Anna, John H. and
Edward T. Paulson, a native of Sweden, aged
39 years 1 month .and 11 days.
' tCTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Wednesday), at 11:30 o'clock, at
the chapel of Charles H. J. Truman & Co.,
1900 Mission street, between Fifteenth and
Sixteenth. Interment Mountain View Ceme-
tery, Oakland, by 1 o'clock creek-route boat.
WARNES — In this city, SeDtember 26, 1903.
John A. Warnes, beloved son of Laura Bor-
gerson, and brother of Lawrence. Peter,
Oscar, Hanna. . Katie, Winnie and Cora
Warnes and Mrs. C. E. Lyons, a native of
Norway, aged 26 years 4 months and 1 day.
A member cf Riggers' and Stevedore*' Union
Association, Local 222. I. L. M. and T. A..
and Bald Eagle Tribe No. 73, Improved
Order of Red Men.
•\u25a1^Friends anfl acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
• (Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of the United Undertakers, 866 Mission street,
between Fourth and Fifth. Interment Mount
Olivot Cemetery.
WEBER— In this city. September 23, 1903.
O. H. R. Weber, a native of New York, aged
60 years 2 months and 4 days.
. * PALMISTRY.
aiME. "DEVAS— SeunUflc^.almist and- astrolo-
e\.f... Palm readinps Jl. Hours 10 to 12 and
l to 5. and Tuesday «-vcn!r_ps. 139 Post st.
H. JEROME FVf=ELLI. scifntific palmist. 515
T"-ylrn; y t .. near Geary. Phonf Black 661. •
PAIXTIXC, KTcT
\u25a0liOOMS r>2ir>«*r«-<J, $a iO ui>; tinting. '.Hinting.
lUrtmar.n I'alnt Co.. Hli« :td st. :•--!. Mnln 413.
PJANOS AX» OaCAXS.;
l'AUT XI our list ot bargains :u second-hand
.\u25a0"-:\u25a0" for September, IWS —
Original
: KCHUMAN & SONS- \u25a0 N ° W '
I "Aalnut case, medium size. 7 1-3
(ctaveE, thrw pedals, raised csrved
• l«ucls. in Rood condition $300 $140
1 HICHMOXIJ—
Mahogany cise. Mnall sire, raised
carved p*n«»le. 7 1-3 octaves, three
»«"da!s. eMsfclJy us«*d. but In good
rendition /. . 300 175
1 BPE2CCEB—
Walnut case, cabinet grand, en-
praved panele, three pedals, i 13
oclaws. pood condition 323 180
2 HOWAUDS— "
VValnut cilWs, medium size, 7 1-3
octaves, three jx*dals, mandolin at-
tachmtrr.ts. Kood condition; each.. 300 1S3
I MOLLENHAUEIt & RACH—
Walnut xaee. large eize. raised
carved panels. thr«?« pedals. 7 1-3
octaves, in very Rood condition... 350 190
1 NEWMAN* BROS.-
TValnut case, large Fize upright,
7 1-3 ovtaves. thoroughly renovated. t
t^jual to new 350 200
1 LCD WIG & CO.—
Oak case, medium tlze. raised
carvt '.' panels. •" 1-3 octaves, throe
pedals, pood tone, in Sne condition. 350 210
Complete list fumishe-1 on application at
our store. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Oarw Kesmv and Futter st*.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
AJiTLEKS. 415* Turk et. — Strictly modern;"^
room apartfr> e u*. s : fur. or unfur. lor hskpg.
Bi;?IUMAX, '610 — 2 cr 3 furnished rooms for
light housekeeping.
"CETCT'lAL ave.. C2. near Halpht— 3 eunny
bar- Window, unfurnished rooms for house-
ke*»plnfc* separate kitchen; no children; ref-
erences;
: j;DDT. 730 — Svnny housekeeping and single
room*. .
• FOURTH. 22»— Nice large furnished room for
light houscMepirg; also eir.gle' rooms.
.GEARY. iOS — Three nicely furnished eunny
rooms jot housekeeping.
• HERBERT (The) — Sunny apartments for
housekeeping; gas rtnficb; Just r.ewly fur-
Clthed. 1M0 Polk st.
"HOFF ave., 75. Mission warm belt — Large
- rurfcyr yell-furnii-hed room; use of dlning-
\u25a0oom and km hen; satisfactory terms.
'HO^VARIJ. 1OC3 — 2 Fur.ny connecting rooms.
eomrJetely furnished, bay window, hous»e-
jcet-yinig: rooms ;• electric lights; others.
•.IfTDE. 313 — Throe elegantly furnished rooms
*or houj^keeping; .no children; reference»
'LASJCeT 2^ oriH)*ite Mission, between Eighth
and N^nth — * sunny, t urnislred housekeeping
«t>c!r!*; tv.)t chjap.
MINNA. 2S1. comer Fourth — Furnished sunny
" * hqu8e!«r>«>ping rooms; also front and single.
• N1XTM. 155 — 2 or "3 large furnished house-
kpg,. rJuB. ; eas rar.fre; bath; private family.
PEARL. 3, <-or. Mdrket — 3 furniehed house-
keeping rooms; eeparate; gas; no
• t chllda^n.
ETAlT*. . 139—3 rocms, kitchen, bath; light.
.• tunny, ur.rurnished. 0417 Church 6t.
• CT. JAMES. McAJlister and Lypjna — F\ir-
' • i.t> z~- sunny eulte. wiih separate sunny
JcitAfcq; pas range; ail complete tor hou»e-
•*:e*pli**r: .>!£ up.
SVOCKTON. 120C, Modfl I",ouee — Krcr.t rooms,
neivjy futnlfhed, $5; phone, gas, bath, sunny.
"THE fil'.wpie. 113 Ninth et.*-NicelT furnished
' v roomt. Jl f.O to 53. per we«k; phone; quiet.
WEBSTER. f>6 — Elegantly .furn. rooms for 2
eent«.. or hskpg. rocras for man and wife.
2 FURN. *hou«i*:pn>? rooms in exchange for few
•hcurfc str\ ices .(housework). 7U« Devlsadero.
2 CLEAX unfurnishfd rooms, large closets; run
. _ In f <jne; water; bath; $10. liox 4SC2. Call.
CL.AKSlKIJ£r) advertisements and subscription*
. *wceirea at Call branch office. 2200 Fi!lraor«.
A EKANVH "offlc* for Call advertisements and
trubscriptions has been, established at 1096
Ve'erscia »t.
V-P-*-aTorEirirs ros housekeefiitc}.
'-arki*;, 1SI>7, cor. Pacific — No sign; sunny
/ corner; 3 connecting rooms; bath; water; tel-
/ e^hone. etc.; riewly furnished complete ;cheap.
KUtiftS TO* LET — Furn. and Unforn.
ASHWORTH.
S20 MASON ST.. bet. Geary and OTarrell
V ith or Without Private Cath.
. -An Addlticn Just Completed.
Sun tn Hooms All Day.
A— BRUNSWICK. House. US Sixth— Rooms
.£*ic to-$l per n:pht. $1 25 to $5 per week and
. light.. housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT t The -Almonte." 873 Market et. (or Ko. 1
.Fifth 'si-)— Ifeomi, 25c, 60c, $1. $1 »0 night;
$1 60 to $10 week: hcuse open all eight.
BUJ&ETT. 1426 Market— (old Na 1364)— Fur-
.r.lehed rooms ru'.te. single; also unfurnished.
! ' :
CALIFORNIA. i*,C3 — Newly and elegantly fur-
nished, cuites. and single and housekeeping
1 * roozni }\u25a0 phone, bath.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms: prices reasonable.
ELEVENTH. l(xV- 2 completely furnished sun-
. r.y" roams for housekeeping.
ELLT's. -HCiO — Nicely furnished rooms; also
ho"L.sekeepU»g rocms in modern flat.
F.UANKLIN, 22V— 2 furnished rooms and bath;
.•casonable..
GEARY* *0T— Elegantly furnirhed suite of
*roon~. with piano. •
CE/.TtY.* 1S»33 — For adults; 4 rooms, 2 beds;
bath, tcilet; saa and coal etoves. \u25a0
•GOLDFN* /3ATE, 414 — "*ewly furnished euni:y
ruiie, llso single rooms; $2 to $5 week.
fcRAND Southern 7th and Mission — Rooms 50a
» to %\/SH night; $2 to *3 week; reading-room.
ii J HOTEL GRAYSTONE
a 66 Ceary et.: photfe Bush 830.
Centrally located fireproof hotel; elegantly
furnished* suites, with baths and singles.
"JESSIE, 35» — Nicely furnished front room for
• tenjjiaac; gas, grate, phone; $7.
McALLti-TER f lf"51. near G. G. Park — Furn.
nrie.. sunny Miath ; board optional; magnlfct.
MISSION. 2022. near Sixteenth — A large sunny
furnished room; eas.
2>"EVVLY. furrrfBhed sunny front bay-window
room "in private family. $S; . north of Mar- (
Itef-et. ; reference*. 'Box C66. Call office.
.O'FARRELL. .20 — Sunny furnished rocms and I
efflces; elevator; elec. lights; day, week, mo. j
TINE, 1000, OPP- B*l'a. Vlsta^ — Newly furnished
nuriny comer suite, occupying entire floor;
parlor," bedroom, dressing-room; rent $30.
«IU)YAL -House. 126 Ellis — Incandescent lights.
• readlng-rocm, 6moking-rootn and ladies' par-
lcr: rooms per night, S5c to $1 50; week, $2
' «to*$S- .month, 'fs to $30; elevator oa ground
• flclor/.roomi with hot and cold water; baths.
SILVER 142. bet. Third and Fourth — $5 and $8
a month; 2 rooms; furniture new; gentlemen
preferred.
JAMES, ! McAllister and Laguna— Front
\u25a0wan:-= rooms; all new; very cheap; telephona
rage fSlXtl. | t
"Kirrirjt, 923 — Newly furnished room; private
family.
•niE FALMOTTH, 1049a Market rt.: furnished
\ rocms; liot >'jd cold water; elevator; central.
UnTtED STATES. 123 Eddy St.. near Market-
. 400 Mngle and family rooms; 35c to $1 night;
••tl 75 «Ui $6 wetk; elevator; electric lights;
.readirg-rooTT': free bu» and baggage.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d rt.. near Market—
' Moet convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
' £5c tr,'$l 50 night; $2 to $S week; elevator;
tlec.'. t r^htt: reading-room; free bus; baggage.
A BRANCH orflee. for Call advertisements and
# rur.ecrlrtSons. has been . established at . 1038
i V'imHi «t-. '
* ROOMS AND DOAnD.
• ELEGANT^'iarge runny alcove room; also an-
• otbe*-; ga». bath, running water; first-class
board; private famjy; no children; phone.
l~lj" Gotden Gate ave.
STEVENSON Mansion. 807 CallfornU et.— At-
tractive *nd elirbtly rtoms; best table and
.__tervi^e; Jj--t«t rates.
VAI* NESS ave.. 1714—Prlvate boardlng-hou*e.
home like, everything first : class; eunny
mum: tinc'« rooms: choiie locality: ref.
I^OpatSAJCD BOjJUD AVAXTEdT
YOT.'NO gentleman desires room and breakfast
'. ucosis wasted/" "
ROOM within 4 blocks of Fourth and Market
r treeti : • »-tate conveniences; price an.1 lr>r«-
tior... rtcx-4.-?S«». Call. * IOCa
m:\vim; machixes axd sUi-plies
\u25a0NEW'Humk sewing macniuc, this week oily
flO. $15. f2(»; slightly used: needles 20c dtiz!
2vE-5J* 2iCME S* M. CO.. 1001 Market st.Ex-CaptalnvBen Bohen, formerly of the
San Francisco detective force, is lying in
a critical condition at a • sanitarium on
Sutter street. His condition is such as
to almost preclude the possibility of his
recovery. Bohen was connected with the
police department for thirty-eight years.
He was appointed patrolman in 1861, and
when promoted to the detective depart
ment worked in conjunction with the late
Chief Lees and was connected with some
of, the biggest and most Important crim
inal cases of the period in which he
served the city.
Ben Bohen in Dying Condition.
Captain A. H. Payson, assistant to the
president of the Santa Fe, and Chief En
gineer Storey of the Santa Fe left yester
day afternoon on a trip over the proposed
route of the new road to Eureka.
A circular was issued from the office of
Manager James A. Agler of the Southern
Pacific Company yesterday announcing
the resignation of C. C. Sroufe as super
intendent of tho Tucson division of the
road, which position he held for a num
ber of years, and the appointment of his
successor in the person of T. R. Jones, as
sistant superintendent of the Sacramento
division. The latter place will be filled by
W. R. Scott, who is at present with the
Colorado and Southern Railway.
At the railroad offices it was stated that
Sroufe resigned to accept a position' in
another line of business. The appoint
ment of Superintendent Jones will meet
with general satisfaction among the
Southern Pacific Company's employes and
especially those at Sacramento, where
Jones has served the company for nearly
thirty years and was for several years as
sistant to the late John B. Wright. The
changes will take effect on October 1.
W. A. Bissell of the Santa Fe road de
parted for Chicago last evening and will
be followed later in the week by other of
ficials who have been ordered east to at
tend an annual conference of the beads of
the various departments of the company,
which will be held some time next week.
Will Be Succeeded as Superintendent
at Tucson by T. R. Jones of
Sacramento Division.
SROUFE RETIRES FROM
SERVICE OF BAH/ROAD
Orientals Mix Up in Fight.
Wong Kee and Kasabura Adkata, ser
vants at a boarding-house at 901 Devisa
dero street, had a desperate fight yester
qay, when it is claimed by Wong Kee,
who is a Chinese, that Adkata, who is a
Japanese," cut him with a knife. Wong
was taken- to the Park Emergency Hos
pital, where Dr. Harvey dressed the
wounds on his face- and Adkata was ar
rested and charged 'with assault with a
deadly weapon.
Engineer and Foreman Fight.
James .V. Owens, an engineer for the
San Francisco Gas Company, and Rich
ard R. Malone, a foreman of the same
company, had. a dispute yesterday which
resulted . in a fight. , Malone's head was
damaged and he swore out a.warrant for
the. .-. arrest . of . Owens, .who,, he claims,
struck him with a monkey-wrench. Owens
#ras charged with assault" with a deadly
weapon.
The San Francisco Eye
Is , almost constantly irritated by wind
and" mineral-laden.' dust; inflammation,
redness, itching and burning, followed by
granulated eyelids, are the results
MURINE EYE REMEDY gives quick re
lief. Doesn't smart; soothes eye pain
makes weak eyes strong. Your druggist
or optician sells Murine at 50 cents. *
' SAN JOSE. Sept. 28.— Charles H. Toutz.
son of; a pioneer Sheriff of this county, was
to-day sentenced to two years In San Quentin
for \u25a0 grand larceny, consisting In the theft of
a horse and busty. Youtz is a Daralytlc.
Paul Strauss. Senator for Paris, who ia
one of the most practical authorities on
municipal affairs, la about to propose
that a compulsory sanitary record should
be attached to every dwelling.
When she began to struggle he reached
up and tore down a clothes line In the
kitchen, with which he bound her hands
behind her. Then he picked up a dish
cloth and tied it about her face, muffling
her screams. She is positive that before
he locked the bedroom door he turned on
both gas jets. She said that he sat her
in a chair after taking her into tho bed
room and that when she attempted to
arise after he had left the room she fell
unconscious. She did not remember any
more until she found herself in bed.
The police are inclined to attach little
importance to the case and regard it
merely as a crazy freak on the part of the
ex-husband. They are not making much
of an effort to apprehend him, but if he
is found he will be taken into custody. He
has been employed as a bootblack at a
barber shop at 116 Sutter street, but did
not work yesterday, nor had he been seen
there. He has a mother at Redwood City
and the police believe it is possible that
he may have gone there.'
Miss Hassell was entirely recovered
from her experience yesterday afternoon.
She said she had no desire to prosecute
her former husband, but wanted to bo
protected from any further assaults by
him.
POSITIVE ABOUT GAS.
Since then she claimed she had seen her
former husband only once, when she was
working at the International Hotel, on
Kearny street. She said that he passed
there one day and saw her inside. He
loitered on the sidewalk lor some time,
but went away without attempting to
speak to her.
When he sought her out yesterday
morning she said that she heard his foot
steps, but thought it was the grocer's boy
until she was grasped from behind bx
Mondragon, who told her that she would
have to come with him. This was all the
conversation she • could recall.
ment which was somewhat at variance
with that civen to Detective Cody. She
said that in the summer of 1902 she ran
away from her mother's home and took
up her abode with a Mrs. Marittie at 33
Clarence place. One day shortly there
after she met Mondragon at a picnic and
after a short courtship married him in
the month of July of that year. She said
she only lived with him for two months
and then left him because he did not
provide a home for her. In September
of the same year she claims the mar
riage was annulled on the petition of her
mother because sho was not of age, being
only 17 years 6 months old at the time.
In binding her hands behind her -and
tying a dishcloth around her face. Then
he forced her Into the bedroom and threw
her on the bed. As he turned to go he
reached ud and opened both gas Jets.
Locking the door, he left her there to die.
Later in the day Miss Hassell was re
moved to the home of her mother at 241
Dore street, and there she made a state-
YOUNG DOMESTIC WHO CLAIMS SHE WAS BOUND AND GAGGED BY
LAWRENCE MONDRAGON. HER FORMER HUSBAND, AND LEFT
LOCKED IN HER ROOM TO DIE OF GAS ASPHYXIATION.
Lewis Wallensteln applied yesterday
letters of guardianship over the person
nnd estate of his brother Benjamin Wal
lensteln. He claims that his brother is tn
competent and unable to car© for his,
property or himself.
"Would Be His Brother's Keeper.
The plan is to name them after States
and Territories and persons who have
gained national fame. As the State
Board of Examiners refused to audit cer
tain bills of the commission Incurred for
the entertainment of the Presidential
party during Its recent visit to the park,
the members of the commission voted to
contribute pro rata toward the settlement
of the indebtedness. State Highway Com
missioner Ellery made a report to the
board relative to the oiling of the park
roads and on his suggestion It was de
cided to experiment with oil on two quar
ter-mile sections of road in different parts
of the valley with a view of determining;
whether it will pay to use oil on all the
roadways.
As the lease on the hotel in the valley
expires in a few months, the Commission
ers decided to ask for bids for a new
lease at a meeting to be held on October
15. All bidders will be required to be
present in person, as it Is the desire of
the board to inquire of them just how
they purpose to serve the public. Plans
are under way for a new telephone sys
tem in the park.
The guardian of the park was Instructed
to make an investigation Into the feasi
bility of creating a new water supply
by tapping a stream near Glacier Point.
The board also decided to build a bridge
across the Merced River near the Lick
house and to adopt a system for renam
ing all the big trees.
The Yosemlte Valley Commissioners held
a meeting yesterday afternoon, at which
there were a number of women, headed
by Mrs. J. C. Hutchlnson. who submitted
a protest against what they termed the
Indiscriminate cutting of the underbrush
and small trees in the vallev. It was
explained to them by the members of the
board that this work is being don© under
the direction of experts in forestry for
the preservation of the larger trees.
Commissioners Planning Ne-w Water
Supply and a Telephone Service
for tho Valley.
MANY IMPROVEMENTS
FOB YOSEMITE PARK
C. R. Merriam of 1T33 Broadway coast
representative of a patent gxa heater,
died suddenly yesterday afternoon whlla
visiting the office of tho Philippine G- \u25a0 !
Mining and Development Company In i;h«
Parrott building. Heart disease is nrup
poscd to hava been the causa of death.
Sudden Death of C. B. tferrlaxn.
William Mullney, 15 years of a£». until
lately living at 1500A Ilo-ward street, es
caped yesterday from th© Receiving Hos
pital, where he was being detained on an
order of Judge Muraaky. Mullney was
brought before the Juvenile* Court Friday
last, when th© order for his detention waa
made.
Escapes From Hospital.
Archie Beveridge. a printer, was held
to answer before the Superior Court by
Police Judge Mogan yesterday en a
charge of forgery In $1000 bonds. Ha waa
accused of forging the nams of August
Blumberg, foreman of the printing da
partment of Sanhorn. Vail & Co.. to an
application for a loan of $100 from a firm
of money lenders in tho Parrott buildisg.
Held on Forgery Charge.
The four men left the saloon together,
and after they had cone about half a
block Plothow said that on© of them
grabbed hold of hi9 coat. He . turned
round to ask what was tho matter, when
another seized him by the shoulders and
the third grasped him by tha throat The
one who had hold of hia coat struck him
on the eye, knocking him. down and ren
dering him unconscious.
When Plothow recovered consciousness
the three men. had disappeared and ha
discovered that hid gold watch ar.d chain,
valued at CS5, had been stolen. Plothow
notified the two policemen of tha robbery
and from the description he gave they
arrested Haskins. Lynch and Grosacup at
their homes. They were positively Identi
fied by Plothow and wero booked on tha
charge of robbery. They all deny that
they had anything to do with tha robbery.
Plothow, about midnight, went into
William Engel's saloon at 1S02 Fol3oia
street to have a drink and met the threa
defendants. They had several drinks to
gether and. finally Engel told them, that
they must leave, as he wanted to ciosa
up the saloon.
H. F. Plothow, a machinist, living at
700 Shotwell street, was held u;> and
robbed by three men early yesterday
morning on Folsom street and the three
men were later arrested by Policemen,
Reardon and Burke and booked at tha
City Prison on a charge of robbery. They
are William Haskins. 122 Fourteenth
street; John Lynch. Stil Oak street, and
Leonard Grosscup, 96 Fourteenth street,
all glassworkers.
O'Keefe had made a will which was de
posited in Hongkong. In It he left quite
a large amount to his daughter, Mrs.
James F. Butler, In Savannah, but his
first wife was entirely ignored.
In the will George P. Lamnert was ap
pointed executor, and at the present time
Charles Elvy, formerly of San Francisco,
is assisting in the management of the va
ried interests. '
According to the German law. a man
must be missing and unheard qf for a pe
riod of three years before he can be con
sidered dead, and before his estate can be
administered upon. No settlement or di
vision can, therefore, take place until
May 10. 1904, that date being three years
from the time O'Keefe was last Been
alive. The Savannah widow expects to
claim 60 per cent of the estate, and with
that object in view Hartridge will again
proceed to the islands early next year to
protect his client's interests.
This spring his widow decided to look
into her interests, and Lawyer Hartridge
went out there to see how matters stood.
He found that O'Keefe. during his resi
dence In the Carolines, had taken unto
himself two native wives, the result of
these unions being eight children. Hart
ridge stated that O'Keefe's estate
amounted to somewhere in the vicinity
of $1,500,000, the property all being pro
ductive.
O'Keefe rapidly built up a biff fortune,
principally by trading 1 in copra, and made
investments both in the island of Yap
and also in Hongkong.
Early in May he visited the latter
place and started to return to his island
home on one of his own sailing ships.
That was the last ever heard of him.
Neither O'Keefe nor his vessel ever
turned up. In June, 1900, he sent his
wife in Savannah $1500. which was the
final remittajice she received from him.
although previously he had kept her well
supplied with funds.
W. C. Hartridge, who went to the Caro
line Islands last May in the interests of
Mrs. Catherine O'Keefe, widow of David
D. O'Keefe, was among the passengers
arriving on the Doric last night. O'Keefe
was known as the King of Yap. He left
his wif$»and daughter in Savannah in the
early seventies and started for ' the
islands, but was wrecked on the island of
Yap.
He was the first white man the natives
had ever seen, and he impressed them to
such an extent that they treated him with
the greatest possible reverence and finally
called him King, by which title he was
known throughout his adopted home.
Glassworkers Are Arrested
and Booked for
Robbery.
Says King of Yap's Estate
I3 Very Valuable and
Productive.
H. F.PJothow.Machinist,
Has Encounter With
Footpads.
Attorney Hartridge Re
turns From Trip to
Carolines.
FINDS O'KEEFE
LEFT $1,500,000
SAYS THREE MEN
TOOK HIS WATCH
Take PJso'e Cure for Consumption. It will
eure your cough. Sic By all drursrists. •
Ho re Coolies Arrested.
Fifty-seven Chinese were arrested yes
terday for being Illegally In the country.
They were taken off the Alaska fishing
fleet, now arrivlne.
The Board of Civil Service Commission
ers held a meeting last night and found
E. W. Hawley. clerk In the Tax Collect
or's office, guilty of negligence of duty.
The Commissioners alsfl found Charles F.
Bennett, employed by the Board of Pub
lic Works, guilty of performing.unsatis
factory work. In both cases sentence was
Find Clerks Guilty.
The petition for the revocation of the
probate proceedings of the will of the late
Honora Hagerty was dismissed yesterday.
The petitioners, Joanna Hagerty and
Catherine Malloy, accepted the compro
mise offered by Sullivan & Sullivan, at
torneys for the executors of the disputed
Trtll.
Accept Opponents' Offer.
The second annual loan- exhibition by
the San Francisco Architectural Club was
opened last night at the Mechanics' In
stitute, and will continue until October 2.
There are numerous clever colored draw-
Ings and also competitive designs for the
contemplated new German Hospital.
There are designs of handsome dwellings
and public buildings, some already erect
ed and others to be built, both in the city
and other parts of the State. The de
signs should prove. of valuable interest to
those'who are contemplating additions to
the city's structures.
Architects Give Exhibition.
Push your goods by means of good printing.
Our printing selU goods. Mysell-Rolllns, 22
Clay, the up-to-date printers. Phone .Main 6051*
Dr. W*. A. - Atwood. patron, and Mrs.
JAzzic Atwood, matron, of Olive Branch
chapter of the Order of the Eastern Star,
•who recently returned from the East
after an absence of several Weeks, visited
the chapter last night -for the first time
since their return, ajid after the routine
business had been dfsj)oi?ed of in short or
der there was a reception to these offi
cers. Theie wejre net less than 300 mem
bers of the order present, including repre
sentatives from every chapter in this city.
After a few words of welcome and con
gratulation on the safe return of the pa
tron and matron there was "a programme
of several numbers, which included a pi
ano eolo by Belle ZeHenbach; vocal solo,
M. Lachmann; recitation, Mrs. Celina
Strauss; piano recital. Carrie Blunrberg;
vocal selections. Miss E. Roeckel. and a
vocal solo by Reginald G. Keene. j Then
followed the presentation to Mrs. Atwood
of a bunch of costly roses from the chap
ter and ano:her from Mr. and Mrs. Gold
emith. After that a supper was served
to all who desired to partake of the hospi
tality of the chapter. It was a very .pleas
ant affair and in the nature of a eurprise
to those for whom it was got up. ,- ...
"Welcomed Patron" and Matron.
Floor — William Altman. manager; assistant,
J J. Liberman; Emil Kahn, Joe Goldstone M.
L. Rapheld, Sol Elberg, Mark Lafee, Ig Levy
and J. Epstein.
Arrangements — Miss Tillie Stone, Miss Leah
Elberg, Joe Ldberman, Miss Ada Cohn, J. Ep
etein. Km 11 Kahn, Miss Hulda Bley, William
Altman. Miss Cecelia Pechner.
Reception — Mra. Hattle Hudson, Miss Ger
trude Harris, Miss Dorothy Elberg, Miss Mabel
de Roos, Miss Jcsie Cohn. Miss Evelyn Levy,
Miss Rita Altman, Miss Pearl Coleman, Miss
t^adle Levy, Mlus Hattie Harris, Mies Ruby
Sal linger.
The Palo Alto Social and Beneficial
Club, formerly Palo Alto Circle of the
Companions of the Forest of America,
gave its third annual entertainment and
dance In Golden Gate Hall last night.
The hall was filled with an Interested au
dience that was entertained with the fol
lowing programme: Piano duet, Sadie
Mendelson' and Eva Rittigstein; vocal
solo, Ada B. Cohn; song and dance, Relna
Belasco, and barytone solo, Walter Buck
halter. After this there was presented a
farce entitled "Captain Impudence," the
characters being taken by M. Paul, Er
nest Vane,' Miss Minnie St. Clair and Miss
Ora Payne. The affair was under the di
rection of the following named commit
tees:
Palo Alto's Entertainment.
At this time, none of those present
noticed the 'smell of gas and all were
positive that they did not turn off any of
the keys in the room. Detective Cody
arrived on the scene- half an hour after
the assault and was followed a few min
utes later • by. Detective Wren, . but
neither of them "could find anybody. who
had turned off ' the "gas or noticed the
odor when, entrance was forced. to the
bedroom where Miss Hassell was con
fined. - • - •; •• . . W , .. \
The police, were telephoned, to ' imme
diately and took charge of the case.- .Ser
geant-Blank,, who lives in'the lower'flat
at 1275 Waller street,, after .ascertaining
the circumstances surrounding the case,
summoned. Dr. Quigley, 1 who' found the
servant suffering from. . a severe j nervous
shock,, but- failed' to_ find.* any. evidences
of gas asphyxiation. . He had, her put. to
bed and as -soon as -she could control
herself she made a statement to Detec
tive Cody.
She told him that at 11:30 o'clock she
heard steps behind her in the i kitchen,
where she was at work, and v turning she
recognized the features of Mondragon, to
whom she. had been married and : whom.
she left seven months ago. He seized
her and despite her struggles succeeded
The servant's story is not borne out
by the statements of the others who ar
rived on the scene immediately after the
assault and while the man was still in
the house. Mrs. Delagois and her little
daughter live In the flat below and their
attention was attracted by the scuffle
overhead. About the same time a
grocery delivery clerk came up the stair
way to deliver some goods. They told
him of tho disturbance and he went up
to the third flat by way of the back
stairs, followed by Mrs. Delagois and
her daughter. , . . , .
They heard the smothered screams of
the woman inside the bedroom and. tried
the door^ It was locked and the little
girl procured a hatchet, with which -the
door was forced open. They ' found the
unfortunate woman lying on, the bed
with her hands bound behind her with" a
piece of clothes line and a cloth tied
across her mouth. . Mondragon re
mained in the kitchen all this time and
when one' of the women asked him for
a knife with which to cut 'the bonds he
furnished It. ...When they went to return
the 'knife to him he had disappeared.
NO. GAS TURNED ON..
morning in the house at which
she was employed. Lawrence Mondra
gon, her former husband, gained entrance
to the place by means of the back stairs,
bound and gagged her and forced her
into a bedroom off the half, .'where he left
her, after locking the door. Beyond this
he does not seem to have attempted to
do her any injury, although the woman
avows that before he qulted the room he
turned on the gas and left her to be
asphyxiated. At the time of the assault
Mrs. McNab was not at home.
ABBIE HASSELL, a servant em
ployed by Mrs. I. McNab at 1279
Waller street, was the victim of
an unusual assault • yesterday
The property belongs to the Fair estate.
At the time -of the outbreak the lodgers
in the lodging quarters were all In bed,
and several narrowly escaped suffocation.
For a while the greatest excitement pre
vailed and continued until it was ascer
tained that there were no fatalities.
A fire broke out at an early hour this
morning at Granco's boat-building estab
lishment, 9 Vallejo street, and rapidly
spread- to four of the adjoining buildings.
Before the engines arrived the flames
had got a good hold on the structures,
'.ibove which are several lodging-houses.
The inmates - were fortunate to escape
with their lives. The fire department suc.
*.eeded in controlling the blaze, with the
result that the damage will not exceed
53000.
FIBE BREAKS OUT IN
BOAT-BUILDER'S SHOP
Abbie Hassell Found
Locked in Bedroom
With Her Hands Tied
A rather unique service took place at St.
Stephen's Church on Sunday morning, it
being the occasion of the Institution of
Rev. Ernest Bradley as rector of the
parish. Right Rev. William F. Nichols,
.Eishop of California, was the instltutor
and preacher. During the office of insti
tution Arthur F. Price, the senior warden,
handed the keys of the church to the new
minister, acknowledging him as the priest
and rector of the parish. Bishop Nichols
also presented to him a Bible, prayer book
and the canons of the Episcopal church,
as his rule of conduct and discipline.
After the institution the new rector pro
ceeded to the altar and celebrated at the
holy communion.
Rev. Ernest Bradley was called to St.
Stephen's last spring to take the place of
the late Dean Lion, and Sunday morning
was his formal institution. In the after
noon at 4 o'clock the church was crowded
to the doors to witness the confirmation
of thirty candidates, presented by Mr.
Bradley. *
The class, the girl candidates of which
made -a very pretty appearance in white,
marched into the church, preceded by the
crucifer of the Sunday-school. Master
Harold Forman, a member of the class
and boy singer in St. Luke's Church, sang
an offertory solo in a very Impressive
manner.
Rector of Parish, by Bishop
Nichols.
Rev. Ernest Bradley Is Instituted as
UNIQUE CEEEMONY
AT ST. STEPHEN'S
Chin Leong Po was called and testified
that the placard, which was prepared by
the Janitor of the Six Companies, was
aimed at highbinders committing subor
nation of perjury in the case and was In
effect in the interests of justice.
Dr. J. E. Gardner, Chinese interpreter
and Inspector in the Federal service, and
Dong Gong, interpreter In the police
courts, both testified that the alleged of
fending part of the placard read:" "Xow
men of all classes must not cover or abet
him, and these who secretly or by dark
means aid him to gain freedom are really
of the. same class and should be severely
dealt with according to law."
The Judge said that nothing expressed
in the statute regarding- contempt applied
to the case, but Attorneys Barnes and
McCloskey claimed that there was lnher
e.nt' power in the judiciary to punish for
contempt although the particular act was
not incorporated in the statute, and the
Judge said he would reserve his decision
on that point. '
The case of Woo Shuck was transferred
to Polie Judge Fritz's court and the pre
liminary hearing will commence this
morning.
They were represented by Attorney
Carr, who entered a demurrer claiming
that nothing had been shown prejudicial
to the interests of the defendant or that
any one had been Intimidated by the pla
card. He also said that the contents of
the placard had an entirely different
meaning from the interpretation given
them, by the attorneys for the defendant,
W. S. Barnes and H. H. McCloskey.
The presidents of the Chinese Six Com
panies and their secretary. Chin Leong
Po, who were cited to appear before Po
lice Judge Cabanlss to show cause why
they should not be punished for contempt
of court, were present In court yesterday.
The contempt consisted in posting a pla
card on the walls of Chinatown making
threata against any one, white or yellow,
who would assist In tho defense of Woo
Shuck, charged with complicity in the
robbery at Wo Sing's 6tore, 726 Dupont
street, on the night of May 30, 1902.
. In reply to a question by Mr. -Wood
\u25a0vrorth. .the witness said that he and
Beavers and Machen understood in their
'discussions of the device that it was in
tejnded primarily to *act as a check on. the
mail collectors. " .
Mr. Knight then '"made an .elaborate
argument, in which he attacked the va
lidity of the Indictment, and contend^
that !t failed to ch^ge* any crime against
his client, Erwin, because it did not
charge that he know that the Govern
ment was about to Jfej defrauded. Mr.
Wood worth in reply rr-ad from portions of
the indictment ,wh.erein whore set forth
the words, "Knowingly, corruptly and
fraudulently."
Judge Heaeock said that he would look
over the authorities' in the morning and
\u25a0would give his opinion in a day or two.
*£r. Erwin was. recalled by Mr. Knight
and stated that, there y>re TS.ooo letter
boxes altogether in •us.t^in the. United
Btates. He did not consider. 'the charge
for the device an unreasonable one. Hfe
had learned within two or three days that
the New Zealand Government had sent a
letter to the Postal Rcvio? Company ask
ing for estimates on finishing the de
vires in lot* of 200, 500 and 1000.
"I have no doubt, as to Its utility," re
marked Judge Heacook. "It is a check
upon the collectors and obliges them to do
their duty. It Js a very important check
Indeed, beneficial aUke to the Govern
ment and the citizens."
JUDGE FAVORS MACHINE,
" To" establish the urility of the device'
end thus offset tnc contention of - the
prosecution that the Government xva^ de-.
Jrsiuded when it i>IUd Richardson ar.<i'his
associates for the use ofQ'.t. Mr. Knight
placed William H. Smythe on the stand.
Iilr. Smythe is a patent solicitor of many
years' stancVvng and he Qstified that he
knew of certain, patented articles whicti
were -manufactured at "a cost of $3 that
•were sold in the marke^^t from $30 to $33.
Others at a ccsf of f 40 sold foPas high as
COO and $23?, ar.» ethers-' costing $230 that
Bold for f5T5. He had brcn for twenty
years a reader of •the Patent Gazette, a
magazine published by the Government,
and had never seen an account of a .simi
lar invention. 0
One of the patent letter boxes was
placed on the Judge's -table and Mr.
Woodworth showed that .the ti.me indi
cator did not. reveal any more Information
than was conveyed by the printed card
schedule of collections fixed under glass
at the front of the box, but this statement
was contested by Mr. Knight, who con
tended that it also showed whenever a
carrier neglected to take the mail out of
the box. Mr. Wood worth then asked
Patent Expert Smythe whether he had
ever heard of J.ohnson's tinvT) indicator
and Colburn's time card, and iir. Smythe
replied that he had not.
As an Index of the" popularity of the
r.ew invention among 'business men,
Henry E. Poehlman, a, real estate and in
surance broker, was called by Mr. Knight
and said that the device was -of great
benefit to the merchants and men in
other business by advising them whether
their letters if dropped Into a certain
box at a certain time- would reach a cer
tain outgoing train or steamer.
"UTILITY OF DEVICE.
Mr. Woodworth. by his . questions,
eeeroed to "be aiming at an attack upon
the utility of t-he time .indicator. He in
einuajed that a device to accomplish the
came result could be made at a cost of
not more than DO cents. The witnesses
en this branch of the 'ca.«e were' quietly
quizzed by the United States Attorney.
STUBS, when Mail -Collector Walter J. Pat
terson said that prior to. the adoption of
the new invention people used to ask
Questions as to -the times of collection,
etc.; and that after Its adoption "we hold
our peace," Mr. Woodworth sarcastically
remarked that the machine was good for
one thing— that is to keep the mail col
lectors from weafc'irg themselves. by con
verging. •
Mr. Pattelson explained tYiat.the device
prevented the collectors from opening the
b^xes before th<? regular times and de
tected them v.hc^i they omitted to maOe
a collection promptly. ' This testimony
vas corroborated ° bj^ that zf. A. E.
JCa'thanson. another mail collector of long
experience. He said that the patent had
proved to be a great convenience to the
pub'lic as well.
\CJthln a day or two James TV." Erwin
wlll.know whether he will be obliged to
CO to Washington. D. C. to be tried for
alleged conspiracy with George "W.
Beav<^-s and \V. Machen to
defraud the Government by selling
to xhe United' States at alleged
exorbitant prices, without- having
advertised for proposals to supply the
eame, the time indicator devices for street
letter boxts furnished by a company of
which Daniel S. Richardson is president
and. general manager. After the taking
of certain' evidence and the hearing of
arguments by 'United- States District At
torney Marshall B. Woodworth "and Sam
uel-Knight yesterday, United States Court
Commissioner Heacock took the matter
under advisement.
of 'the Washington
Indictment.
Knight Attacks the Validity
Interpreters Give Different
Meaning to Offending
Placard.
Presidents of Six Com
panies Deny Being
. in Contempt.
Case Submitted After
. More Testimony and
Argument.
ERWIN AWAITING
HEACOCK'S WORD
CHINESE DEMUR
TO A CITATION
THE SAJT FBANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 29. 1903.
SERVANT SAYS HER FORMER HUSBAND
ATTEMPTED TO MURDER HER WITH GAS
14
ADVERTISEMENTS.
HORR!BLE_EGZEMA
Little Boy Three Months Old.
Face Covered with Sores.
Fle«h was Raw.
CURED BYCUTICURA
"Our little Boy was only three
months old when he was taken with
eczema that broke ont in the mqst hor-
rible state. His face was full of scabs
and some parts of tho flesh were raw.
We used Cutlcura Soap, and one box of
the Cutlcura Ointment, and in one week
this boy was as good as ever, and we
can say the child has been O.K. ever
since. We are willing to recommend
the Caticura Soap and Caticura Oint-
ment. You can publish this statement,
for it is nothing but the truth."
Mr. and Mrs. J. C. Frxsss.
503 Grand St., Brooklyn, N. T.
Feb. 15, 1893.
FIVE YEARS LATER
Mrs. Freese Writes, March 2, 1903,
That there Is no SIja of
Its Return.
• -.'/• There is not one sign of Its return
on oar child. The disease was so bad
that until we started to use the Cati-
cura Remedies we had friends call at
the house to find out if it were so and
we showed the boy to them. Not only
has it done him the world of r^od but I
myself had the eczema on my oody and
the scales would peel off. I used tho
Cuticura Remedies and have not got a
speck of It on my body. So the only
answer we can honestly give for tha
Cuticura Remedies is they are what you
say they are. If any one would like to
be convinced of tliS fact they can write
me and I will only be too glad to
answer the same."
Complete treatment for every hu-
mour, consisting of Caticura Soap, to
cleanse the skin, Caticura Ointment, to
heal the skin, and Cnticura Resolvent
Pills, to cool and cleanse the blood, may
now be had for one dollar. A single set
is often snfficlent^o cure the most tor-
turing, disfiguring, itching, burning
and scaly humours, eczemas, rashes
and irritations, from infancy to a?:e.
Bold throughout th» wnrM. Cattenrs IU«olT*«t. *>«.
Co form of CheeoUl* Coated Pil;«. 2Jc. V*' TiBl °* *°>»
Ointment, 40e.,So«p. Me. Depot*: London, V Ch»rt«r.
bou»9 *q.; PirU. i Jtu« i» la 1'ilx: Boaton, ; :: Co'.uia-
bnt At*. Potter I >rni * Clem. Corp.. Hn!a Proprtatox*.
&T Bead tar -' Uow to Cur* Ere.-j llumou;." :
Anti-Pain Pills
(Dr. Miles') prevent as well as cure
headache, the commonest afHiction
of mankind Carry in your pocket.
No opiates .Non Uxaiivt. There are no
gubrtltutrji Sold and guaranteed oy *n
druif>:lsts 25 doses V> cents Never sold In
\>* Mii-rs Mcdic.»l Co . Elkbart. lad
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BIG SALE TO-DAY
: : : OF : : :
Women's
Flannelette
Wrappers
Wrappers. ette, brightened with
Sell for pretty figured designs.
90c Other Days f?*"' '">"™/ , «**
1 I black and white braid.
j -__ These pretty Flannel-
To-Dav's 85c ette Wra PP ers are / "« /e
• Itfranna*. -'«' wlth square yokes,
Wrappers bretelles over should-
, Sell for- ers, comfortable turn
$1.00 Other Days over collars and deep
I fnnnrac nicely trim-
..med with' braid.
_ . .. 1 Indeed they are bar-
lO-Gays 98c gains!! Made of a
' Wrappers splendid grade of Flan-
Sell for nelette in a host of
51 ORdfUpn.u. cheerful colors and de-
51.25 Other Days signSm A two-inch
.. ruffle headed with fancy
braid forms front and back yoke.
"1 I , I Exceedingly neat and
10-Day S $1.25 graceful; fine quality
Wrappers •* Flannelette in ever so
Sell for many charming colors.
<1 KflfUU, n« u « Double shoulder^bre-
S1.5D Other Days te/les and round yoke
; " ; — outlined in pretty braid.
— ' '" i'm — __. These are beauties—
To-DaVs $1.50 0</fl ' of the P retiie^
yu.t.' • Flannelette we've ever
• c >• ii t seen— standard quality
Sell : for :.. too. Three-inch ruffle
$1.75 Other Days forms deep yoke front
_JI! I and back, graceful
. . . \u25a0\u25a0• . : twelve-inch flounce.
OUR EIDERDOWN ROBES
: HAVE ARRIVED U
,'\u25a0 Of course you want one; styles are
charming this season, prices . very,
reasonable '-f- $3.50,- $4.00, $5.00,
. $6.00 and upward. .All sizes; colors
fled. Gray and Blue. . '
(Trading Stamps given' with every, purchase.
Send for our Fall and Winter Catalog.
MARKSBROS.
1220, 1222,1224 MarkctSt
BET. TAYLOR AND JONES.