SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 4, 1903.
VOLUME XCV— XO. 4.
PRICE FIVE CENTS. .
GOVERNOR-ELECT OF OHIO. WHO IS SAID TO BE THE ADMINIS
TRATION'S CHOICE FOR SECOND PLACE ON THE NATIONAL
REPUBLICAN TICKET NEXT YEAR.
. ¦
.ERSTWHILE LEADERS OF
THE EXPOSITION CITY'S
EXCLUSIVE SOCIETY.
SANTA FE, N. M., Dec. 3.—The eld
est daughter of M. Harjes of '¦-. Paris,
France. Is reported dying, of ptomaine
poisoning at Carlsbad, N. M., as the
result j., of eating canned meat. M.
Harjes is Bald to be verywealthy and
a partner of J. P. Morgan. ; He brought
his . family to Carlsbad several 1 months
R£O for the benefit of his wife's health.
Dying of Ptomaine' Poisoning.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 3. — A cave-In
occurred at a gravel pit in Laurel
Canyon to-day, near Sherman, bury
ing: alive Chris Kloss, one of the la
borers, under a mass of decomposed
granite. Foreman F. B. Mulvane
was caught in the avalanche, but was
rescued by the , workmen . when ; the
rush of gravel had all r but eiigulfe'd
hlml Kloss* body was found after*
half an hour's digging. ,
LABORER IS KILLED
BY CAVE-IN OF EARTH
Coach Stagg 111; With Pneumonia.
CHICAGO, Dec. : 3.— Alonzo Stagg,
head of , the athletic department 1 of the
University, of Chicago, is ill with'prieu
monia,-
In Vatican circles it is considered^rob
abje the following changes will be made
in 'the papal diplomatic corps: Mon
signor Granito Rignatelli di Belmorite,
nuncio at Brussels,. will be. transferred
to Vienna: Monsignor J. Macchi. nun
»irt at Munich, transferred to Lisbon;
Monsignor Antonio Vico, apostolic dcl
r'gate to the republic of Colombia,
transferred as nuncio, at, Brussels, and
Monsignor Dr. .S. Nicotra, auditor at
Vienna, transferred 'as nuncio at.Mu
nich. •
¦ • .. • : ¦ '
•ROME, Dec. 3. — Going through the
financial matters of the Vatican as left
by Pope L^o. the' present . Pope found
that several millions had been em
ployed in res'toring the private patri
monies, of a number of aristocratic
.families the members, of which had re
mained faithful to the Holy See, par
ticularly those of r the Princess Bon
campagni and BorflUez. but more espe
cially the latter. The historic palace
of the latter, built by Pope Paul V at
the beginning of seventeenth century,
had fallen Into the hands of creditors
of the princely house; who rented It as
an office to the Grand Orient of the
Jtilian Free Masons, which Pope Leo
considered to be a desecration. All
rumors to tlie effect that Pope Pius in
tends to"* get. this money* back through
the application of coercive measures
are 1 considered at the Vatican as alto
-trler without foundation, because the
milles th.us subventioned are repay
ing the money loaned them by yearly
installments.
In the present case the girl has mo
ments of consciousness, during which
she asks for her mother.
LONDON, Dec. 3.— In ; the London
Hospital there is a little girl with
typhoid fever who. is undergoing a
method of treatment which, it is said,
has been employed only once In the
history of that institution. For five
days past the patient, who is only five
years old, has been kept in a bath of
hot water. She lies on water. pillows
and her body is entirely under water,
which is kept at a' constant temper
ature of 101 degrees by an arrangement
of hot and cold water entering the mix
ing cistern, from which It Hows Into
the bath and thence out by e pipe.
In five days the child's temperature
has fallen from 105 to 103 degrees, but
the crisis has yet^to come. At least
three weeks must be spent in the bath
before -the disease can be shaken off.
It is said to be most unusual. to y find
a typhoid case necessitating this treat
ment. ; Some years ago, in the London
Hospital, a man was kept immersed
for six weeks and recovered.
Special Cablegram to The Call and New, York
Herald. Copyright. 1903. by the New York
Herald Publishing Company. . ;
"I presume I should have to close the
house, unless the public cared to hear
grand opera with piano ; accompani
ment."
The. women do not want to join the
union because of an aversion to being
classed as artisans Instead of artists.
NEW YORK, Dec. 3.— The situation
at the Metropolitan Opera-house aris
ing out of the fact that Madames Tag
liava and Weile, harpists in the orches
tra, are not members of the Musicians'
Mutual Protective Union, became criti
cal to-day when Madame Welle an
nounced her determination not to become
a member of the union. Simultaneously
a second warning was received by Con
cert Master Nahan Franko from the
union, notifying him to see that the two
women Joined the union before next
Monday or abide the consequences,
probably the ordering of a strike of the
orchestra which supplies the music for
the present grand opera season.
Franko, when asked what he would
do In case the orchestra wenuon strike,
answered:
8p«dil Dtep&tcb to The Call.
Finds That Predecessor
Aided Aristocratic
- • 'Families.
Sick Child Is Kept
Constantly Im
mersed.
Fair Harpists Defy
Musicians' Union
<?n New York.
HOT WATER
TREATMENT
FOR FEVER
The Cincinnati Times-Star, the offi
cial organ of the Republican party In
this city and county, the editor and
proprietor of which is former Congress
man Charles P. Taft, a brother of Gov
ernor Taft of the Philippines, gave the
Loomis interview a prominent place In
black type this evening, and the ex
pression of Loomis is thus still further
invested with official flavor.
"Hanna has said that he is not a can
didate," said Loomis, "and I am assur
edly inclined to think he knows what
he is saying and is sincere."
drifting toward Herrick promises to be
unusually strong and sincere."
Loomis predicted - the nomination of
Roosevelt. He did not appear to be
lieve that there was any question as to
that.
COLLECTION
OF PAINTINGS
DISAPPEARS
Stolen En Route to
From^
Seattle.
War Office Turns Over
Documents to Geo.
Mercier.
Special Dispatch to Ths Call
OMAHA, * Nebr., : Dec. 3.— Somewhere
.between Seattle and this city, paintings
valued at- $200,0001 intended for exhibi
tion at the world's fair in St. Louis,
have been .lost or stolen.
, 'Charles R. Hall, the artist and owner
of the pictures, and the freight officials
of , the Union Pacific Railway, by which
they, were consigned, have given up the
possibility of finding them. The bill of
lading Is said by the railway men to be
a forgery. . .
Hall and a brother spent six years
travelfng . through America sketching
and painting -representative scenes.
Many were made. in Yellowstone Park,
others in the Adirondacks and many
more in the Rocky • Mountains and
Alaska. ' The Hall brothers maintained
studios In Washington and Alaska,
where the paintings were finished. One
of the brothers, when" the "world's fair
was- undelrtaken,'- arranged with the
promoters "or directors to '. exhibit the
paintings,' many of which are already
sold r to Eastern art collectors.
. The. Halls came East in .September,
arranging with a firm in Seattle to ship
the ; pictures on, order. They. were sent
for\ln. October,. arid when they did not
reach their." destination tracers were
sent out; by the officials. The railroad
men report- that the pictures cannot be
found. Action in the criminal *' courts
will' follow. : -..,
PARIS, Dec. 3.— General Mercier, the
senior member" of the revision com
mission, received the £>reyfus docu
ments from the War Office to-day and
the case will probably come up. thousrh
onfy in a semi-official form, at the
meeting of the commission Wednesday
next.
A manifesto issued Jointly to the
League of Patriots, the Patrie Fran
calse. Federation Natlonale, Anti-
Juive party and the French Socialists
recites that the declarations of five ex-
Mlnlsters of War prove their belief
in the guilt of Dreyfus and warns. the
public that attempts will bo made to
tamper with the documents, to suborn
or suppress witnesses and intimidate
the Judges. In conclusion th<: mani
festo appeals to the public to frustrate
the efforts of "the occult sects of in
ternationalists and the powers of cap
ital."
Mme. Zola, interviewed at Rome,
gives particulars of the dally life of
Dreyfus. She says he leaves} his house
only" on very rare occasions, not be
cause he ia^in any fear of insults, h-.u
for the reason that he suffers* terribly
from fever. Mme. Zola says the ex
captain Is devoting all hi3 tim* seeking
documents which may demonstrate his
innocence, and that only once. .in
awhile does he dine out, even with in
timate friends.
ST. LOUIS, Dec. 3.— James L. Blair,
formerly general counsel of the Louisi
ana Purchase Exposition, was this aft
ernoon indicted by the Grand Jury on
a charge of forgery in* the first degree.
Blair has been ill for, several weeks iri
a local hospital, and for a time his life
was despaired of.
" The indictment Is , the result of
charges filed by James T. Roberts, an
attorney at one time' employed In
Blair's office. Roberts procured certain
papers and records, on which he after
ward based his charges that Blair was
juggling the finances of large estates
committed to his trust. Roberts pub
licly charged that Blair had forged
deeds of trust and mortgages on which
$63,000 was obtained from the estate of
the late Peter Blow of" St. Louis, and
that he had counterfeited and used no
tarial seals of the Recorder of Deeds of
St. Louis, and frequently employed
"Walter F. Jenkins," a purely fictitious
personage, to attest the documents.
Blair characterized Roberts' accusa
tions as a "tissue of falsehood, woven
around a few grains of fact.!'
DICKS DEFY THE COURTS.
Blair acted as a sort of fiscal and in
vestment agent ¦ for the' firm of -Dick
Brothers "of Philadelphia: and "New
York. Evans II. Dick, the head of the
firm, was cotrustee ¦ .with- Edward j S.
Robert in the Blow estate. \ . ;. ,
The Grand Jury requested • the Dicks
and their attorney, to come, to St. -Louis
to testify, but they ignored the sum
mons. ¦ ¦¦ ' : - • - - '-.-.,
Following the Blair expose, Mrs.
Blair, who was chairman ! of the board
of lady managers of the fair,- resigned
her position, and since then the Blairs
have sold their costly, home and she has
disposed of her jewels and her -fine
stable of horses. • v ' -' -
BASED ON ALLEGED FORGERIES.
Each indictment: is *based on' the y al
leged forgery by, Blair of ; a deed} of
trust to secure a loan from .the 7 estate
of Peter Blow of St. Louis, 1 of which" he,
as a trustee, had charge; One indict
ment alleges that on December 10, 1896,
Blair filed" for record -a forged ? deed in
favor of Michael O'Laughllri and his
wife, Johanna; \ to . Louisa "¦; Meyer for
$12,000. Note's "and property near' Four
teenth and Spruce streets were given as
security. 1 • . " '
The other indictment charges that on
July 10. 1895, Blair filed la forged deed
for $60,000 in favor of Elizabeth and
John Dwyer and the St. Louis Trust
Company, their agent, to Otto M. Mes 7
mer. It covered eleven notes, and prop
erty at Seventh and , Pine streets. , The
indictments also charge Blair with for
gery of . the seal .of -the' St. j Louis [ Re
corder of Deeds. -The indictmentswere
assigned to": Judge" Daniel D. Taylor's
division of the Circuit; Court. ;i
ACCTJSED MAN GIVES : BOND.
Blair gave bond in the ; sum of ? $10,
000.'^ Before the ' deputy sheriffs' started
for. the. hospital with^ the capias word
was received through one of ¦* the de
fendant's^attorneys" that -"Blair \ would
appear personally before; Judge Taylor
and: give-bond. The capias was'with
drawn ¦ and J Blair's appearance was
awaited.. Later a closed carriage hur
riedly .* drove {up •¦ to the • Circuit ; . Court
and Blair,^accompanied; by counsel and
friends,-: was {received >,, in chambers ;by
Judge 'Taylor. Less than . fifteen;: minf
utes '.was i spent ; in arranging. the = bond.
¦ Blair, was evidently, in great' pain., He
walked* with 'crutches and \was assisted
by,: friends. .; Nothing- was said* outside'
pf matters , pertaiiilng, tojthe bond, and
as "sodiras . thebbnd^was^accepted Blair
and Ihls; companions returned; to" their
carriage and ; Immediately drove J back
to^the hospital. . ' % : : ' (
Sheriff Is -Still After Nelson.
1-! TOPfiKA, . Kans., Dec. 3.— David R.
Nelson," former Congressman from Ten
nessee," i Is . to ;be brought . back to Mont
gomery" County from ; San Francisco to
answer to. the charge, of being acces
sory to a murder, committed in Coffey
ville .by his /brother, John Nelson, In
1901. Andrew. Pruitt, Sheriff of Mont
gomery County, ; obtained a requisition
from' Governor . Bailey .. to-day for the
return of Nelson. This Is the third trip
Sheriff Pruitt and his deputies have
made to the Pacific Coast after Nelson.
"Father" Bill Paly, Attacked.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 3.— "Father'*
Bill Daly, the horseman, waa attacked
this evening on Pennsylvania avenue,
near his" hotel, by "Vic" Ho'.ler. owner
of Cloverland. Daly and Holler en
gaged in a controversy over the sale of
Alsike by Holler to Daly. Holler finally
struck Daly several hard blows In the
face, knocking him down an'l severely
bruising him. Daly was removed to a
nearby' drugstore, where lit waa
patched up.
STRIKE MAY
PUT END TO
GRAND OPERA
CINCINNATI. Dec. 3.— Francis B.
Loomis, Assistant Secretary of State,
who was at Springfield, Ohio, to-day
on a personal business trip and to visit
relatives. Indicated clearly in an inter
view that the administration wants
Governor-elect Myron S. Herrick for
second place on the Republican nation
al ticket. As Loomis is about as close
to -President Roosevelt as any official
or private citizen, his words were con
sidered full of significance. Loomis
Bald:
"I have heard much talk of Herrick.
From his recent decisive victory in this
State he certainly is in an enviable po
sition politically. He is generally recog
nized as a strong man in the. fullest
sense. The party requires a strong man
in this capacity, and the fentiment
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Governor=Elect of the Buckeye State Is
• .Mr. Roosevelt's Choice.
Grand Jury Indicts
St. Louis Social
Leader.
RECEIVES PAPERS
IN DREYFUS CASE
Only by good luck was it that both
submarines were not In the same pre
dicament. For a time both had been
washed adrift from the line by which
the Government tug Peoria was towing
them from Newport to the naval sta
tion at Annapolis, Md. After desperate
exertion the men on the tug managed
to pick up one of th« submarines
(which one cannot be ascertained to
night) and headed at once for Norfolk.
The first that was known that, the
torpedo boats were in any diljlculty was
when the United States Weather Bu
reau station In Norfolk received this
dispatch over its wire from the coast:
"Tug supposed to be Pe'oria and two
torpedo boats are in distress off Lttla
Island."
This Information waa communicated
to Rear Admiral P. F. Harrington, who
is In command of the Norfolk navy
yard,' and he at once sent the auxiliary
gunboat Yankton . to Little Island,
which is about twenty miles south of
.Virginia Beach, under the command of
Lieutenant G. W. Williams. The Yank
ton left the navy-yard at 1 o'clock this
afternoon and four hours later she was
reported as having passed False Cape.
That the torpedo boats are the Adder
and the Moccasin there can be ho
doubt. In tow of the navy tug Peoria
they left Newport, R. I... where they
had been all summer engaged in Im
portant maneuvers, to go to Annapolis.
In command of both vessels was
Lieutenant Frank L. Plnney. but the
crew of each boat was aboard the Peo
ria, and neither submarine was
manned.
CAPE HENRY, Va., Dec 3.— Without
a person aboard one of the fastest two
submarine torpedo boats in the world,
either the Adder or the Moccasin, of
the United States navy, lies stranded
on a bar four miles south of Currituck
life-saving station to-night. Ready to
do what they may to save her, but de
terred by a very heavy sea, which is
lashed to a fury by a northwest gale,
life-savers are upon the beach waiting
for a favorable opportunity to reach
the craft.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
POPE EXAMINES
VATICAN FUNDS
Senor GaJvan, who was named as the
Dominican representative on the arbi
tration commission, arrived in Wash
ington this morning.- Before he had
been here many hours ne was In con
ference at the Interstate Commerce
Commission. with John G. Carlisle, for
mer Secretary of the Treasury, who is
the representative of the improvement
company and the United States, and
J vise George Gray or Delaware, who
• is -.lo" act as umpire. Regular sessions
will soon begin.
This company assumed part of the
Dominican debt and wae given impor
tant port concessions and the right to
.collect certain revenues. When these
at -once brought large claims against
the Dominican Government. A treaty
tvajs negotiated providing for reference
of ¦ the case to arbitration. General
Jiminez, the revolutionary leader who
overthrew Wos y Gil, g.ave notice that
¦ he. would respect no agreements made
by; that President. United States Min
ister Powell, at San Domingo City, ac
cordingly has only entered into rela
tions with the new administration, but
has not recognized it fully as yet.
* The State- Department holds that
.whatever administration is in power in
Banto Domingo it must respect the ar
bitration treaty in this case and must
ffcdde by the decision of the arbitra
tors.- Should it refuse to do so, the
United States will have plenty of cause
to; interfere to enforce the collection of
thf award. . ; V '
The necessity for some such action
Is fcrid to be more apparent every day.
Reports came to the State Department
to-day that another revolution was be
-ing fomented, this time against Gen
eral Jimlnez.. There haB been no an
nouncement by the administration of
any intention of establishing a protec
torate In- Santo Domingo, but such a
course has been strongly urged as the
only way to Insure the safety of for
eign Interests.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET.
2S: W., WASHINGTON, Dec. 3.—Dis
regarding the "menacing possibility that
thp new administration in Santo Do
mingo may not be inclined to recog
r.ize agreements with President Wos y
Gil. recently deposed, the State Depart
ment to-day caused the opening of the
arbitration of a claim of 54,500,000 urged
by. the Santo Domingan Improvement
Company of New York against the Do
minican republic.
BpeciaJ DUpatch to The Call'
The market- closed strong at: nearly
the top, with prices net 6 9; to 74 points
higher. Sales were estimated at
2,000,000 bales, exceeding for this sea
son anything recorded.
The volume of business was so
great, and the excitement so intense
that the brokers were on. the verge of
collapse, '.the maximum; advance.rep
resenting-ah enhancement, in value of
from $3 .'to "', $3,50 -per" bale, and ; the
fluctuations mea ning the gain . or loss
of fortunes. ., . , - - ' ¦ ' '
BROKERS 'ARE EXHAUSTED!
Up to 11 o'clock there was much ex
citement on the. floor and the trading
of the day was greater than 1 on any
preceding day in the history of the
exchange. Fortunes were made or
lost within the first four minutes.
The traders who had sold short made
frantic efforts to cover in the first few
minutes. Some succeeded in getting
under cover before the price had ad
vanced too far, but there were few so
fortunate, for in the first three min
utes the figures in March options ad
vanced 34 points and at the end of
eight minutes the prices had advanced
59 points and March was quoted at
12.50 cents. Other months made tre
mendous jumps, January going up 34
points in five and one-quarter min
utes. . '
Eight minutes after the report was
read the market received the first
j check. The rise on March suddenly
stopped at 12.50 and the next sale
was 7 points lower.v The bears made
great efforts to keep the price down,
but the bull movement was irresistible
and a few minifies later prices were
again on the. boom.
HEAVIEST SALES ON RECORD.
NEW YORK, Dec. 3.— An unprece
dented rush to buy, a sensational
soaring of prices upward and the
heaviest sales on record followed the
announcement on the New York Cot
ton Exchange of the Agricultural De
partment's estimate of the cotton
crop for the present season, .9,982,039
bales. At the sound of the word
"nine," indicating the; number of mil
lion bales in the estimate, a scene of
frantic bidding set in, the shorts In
their excitement not waiting to learn
that the total estimate was but 37,961
bales short of the round 10,000,000.
Instantaneously prices jumped from
10 to 20 points on the first sales, the
rise continuing until advances of from
30 to 40 points were registered before
the close of an hour, and of from 60
to 70 points before the upward move
ment was checked.
Then the uncovering of "long" cot
ton in tremendous volume with the
advance and the realization that the
estimate was practically 10,000,000
bales "caused a temporary, reaction;
but soon an v outpouring of buying or
ders from outside markets and bullish
reports sent prices upward again and
afthe high point, reached shortly be
fore the close, December sold at 1 2. 3 2
cents, January at 12.46c, March ; at
12.59c;' May, at, 12.57c, and July at
12.56c, or 79 to 87 points above the
low level, of the morning.
FOBTX7NES MADE OR LOST.
From the Highest level there was an
Immediate and wide recession, under
heavy profit-taking. The recession
was of short duration and was fol
lowed by another upward movement,
which carried prices skyward. Trad
ers could hardly appreciate the bull
ishness of the estimate when It ap
peared in large figures on a black
board held over the ring by one of
the exchange employes. In a few sec
onds the ring was full of wildly wav
ing arms, rwhlle hats went up into the
air* and the shouting was heard for
blocks; In ;their enthusiasm .bulls pre-
Eervative members, however, thought
15 cents was high enough for some
time to come.
NEW ORLEANS, Dec. 3.— This was
the wildest day ever seen In the cot
ton market. The bureau estimate at
11 o'clock of 9,962,039 bales for this sea
son's crop sent prices up from 90 to 91
points above yesterday's closing fig
ures. The confusion was to great that
difficulty was had in making accurate
trades, and it was fully two minutes
after the estimate was read before
quotations were posted. Within four
minutes prices advanced 40 points. The
advance was steady until March stood
60 points higher than the last quota
tions before the reading of the esti
mate. • ,
• . w . — r
Irresistible Bull Movement
Sends Quotations Soar
ing Skyward.
Second 1 Vessel Is Believed
to Be Again in Tow. \
of Steamer. ¦
Washington Tires of Revo
lutions Imperiling Amer
ican Interests.
Fortunes Are Won or
Lost Within Four
Minutes.
One Strikes on a Bar
on the Coast of
Virginia.
Jiminez Must Respect
Treaty Made With
Wos y Gil.
Talk of a Protec
torate Over the
Dominicans.
Government's Crop
Report Hoists
Two Torpedo Graft
Break Loose
From Tug. .
WILD DAY
ON COTTON
EXCHANGES
UNCLE SAM
MAY STEP IN
AS GUARDIAN
SUBMARINE
BOATS DRIFT
BEFORE GALE
BLAIR IS CHARGED
WITH FORGERY IN
THE FIRST DEGREE
VICE PRESIDENCY
LIKELY TO GO TO
HERRICK OF OHIO
Alcazar— "A Poor Halation."
California— "At th» Old Crois
Boads."
Central — "The Counter* alters."
Columbia — "Way Down Eait."
Pischer'i — "I. O. IT."
Grand — "Over Hiasrara rails."
Orphetun — Vaudeville.
The ChTXtes — Vaudeville.
•x jus , TJUL&.TSXS.
THE "WXATIlfc»r*7^>~
Forecast made at Eia Pno*~
clsco lor thirty hours ending;
midnlffht, December 4:
San Francisco and vicinity —
Fair Friday, becoming cloudy at
nirht; cooler; fresh easterly
wind. A. O. Me AD IE,
District Forecaster.
The San Francisco Call* TACOM A, ' Dec. 3.'— The ' echooner -V C. ¦":-.' A .
Thayer, - which .-. went f ashore : on ¦¦ North ¦: Beach
November ¦ 7. • has . been : pulled off ? by powerful
tugs » and ?¦ towed to- Aberdeen. - :Sh«_»i» only
slightly ; injured.
John^' Holland, a miner living at 220
Third '/street, ., was found' ; yesterday
morning' lying [.on '-the steps "of
26% ' Kearny : street by - Policeman
fcrouldVK There vwas^a" wound oh '; his
scalp';.;and he told : the officer ; that r a
min^knocked him down : and robbed
him. "He V could tell how \ .'much
money he had" lost. He was Vent to
the r Central .» Emergency Hospital r arid
later to' his room.
Says He Was Bobbed.
. CHICAGO, Dec. 3.— Hoisting engineers
In coal mines in the Illinois district will
receive $10 a month more pay hereafter.
This *in v substance was 'decided to-day
by ' the arbitration board .that : has '. been
hearing evidence onthe demand^Tof the
engineers, who asked for an increase
of $i5.v/ : /' ¦?. ;¦- T
; BELLAIRE, Ohio, v Dec. 3.—Twenty
five hundred men were laid off to-day
at the plant of the National Steel'Com
pany; and'. the works closed for ; an " in
definite periodY No* explanation Is given.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, Dec. 3.— One of
the largest soft coal' operators in the
Massillon* district is quoted to-day as
saying that owing to present trade con
ditions a reduction in miners' .wages
must be made': at- the^termination of the
existing wage -agreement. • It is under
stood that a meeting ? of the Ohio oper
alars will be held here to-morrow, ,at
which the question will be taken up. It
is 'said the operators will propose a 10
per cent reduction, j
f ' MEYERSDALE," Pa., Dec. 3.— Notices
have been posted at- the several mines
of the. : Somerset, Continental and Mer
chants' coal cbmxlanies in this \ region
notifying the employes of a 10 per cent
reduction' in wages,' effective Decem
ber 16.
Ohio Employers Will
Consider Question
TprDay.
CRIPPLE CREEK, Colo.., Dec. 3.—
District ; Attorney Trowbridge to-day
filed informations against* Sherman J
Parker and W. I F. Davis, now in the '
"bull pen," charging them with con
spiracy to wreck the Florence and Crip
ple Creek suburban. trains on the morn-
Ings of November 15. and 17. The' affi
davits were sworn to by D. . C. Scott,
special agent for the railway. ' .' v
Informations have already been filed
against Thomas Foster, now . in Jail
here, and Charles MgKinney, confined
in the Pueblo County Jc^ 1 for." safe
keeping,. on* the same charges." . The
railroad people say that McKinney has
"confessed and implicated D^ vis and
Parker. \. .1 !j ,
District Attorney Trowbfidge 'valso
filed direct informations In the^DIstrict
Court to-day ' charging Parker.'DavIs,
Kennisonand Stephen Adams with the
murder of Charles McCormick and Mel
yln Beck in 'the Vindicator - mine ex
plosion. . Kennison, Parker and .Davis
were^'dellveredi to Sheriff j Robertson \ by
Colonel iVerdeckberg and were incar
cerated ln the* County Jail.
McKinney Said to Have Revealed
''-. •'¦'. Plot to Wreck Train.
CONFESSION OF A SUSPECT.
A waiter named Otto Ruderman,
employed in the gentlemen's grill
room of the Paalce Hotel, fell down
the elevator shaft leading from the
grill to the basement last night. Sev
eral bones in one of his feet were frac
tured.
Waiter Falls Down Shaft.
COAL OPERATORS
MAY CUT WAGES
Deatn. Summons Prominent Citizen.
LONDON,\ Dec. 3.— The -Earl of
Stair died to-day at Loch Insch, Scot
land. He was born' in 1819.
PETTALUMA. Dee. 3. — Th» lar*» country
home of Thomas Peacock, situated on Mountain
View avenue, was burned to the srroursJ last
night. The lire started during the owner's
absence, and probably originated from a de
fective flue. The house waa rated at 9X750.
wtth JSOO Insurance. Mrs. E. B. Chase, re
cently of San Francisco, wan making nego
tiations for th» purchase of the place, but thm
deeds wer« n»t yet sinned. .
WASHINGTON, Dec. 3.— A union of
women's clubs, with headquarters in
Washington, was formed here to-day
to flght for the expulsion of Senator
Reed Smoot of Utah from the United
States Senate. The formation of the
union was the result of a conference
called by Mrs. Frederick Schoff of
Philadelphia, president of the National
Congress of Mothers. * A half dozen
other national organizations were rep
resented at the meeting. Mrs. Lucy
Blunt was elected president of the
local union, whose name Is to be the'
Union of Women's Clubs. Mrs. Tham
lin of Washington, D. C, will act as
secretary-treasurer. A call will be
sent out to raise $3000 for the purpose
of employing an attorney to assist in J
the fight, and a pamphlet will be is
sued. A committee from the meeting
called upon the President.
FRESNO, Dec. 3.— J. A. Chamberlin
.was struck by a train on the Santa Fe
Railroad this morning two miles from
Cotiejo and instantly killed. The par
ticulars of the accident are not thor
oughly known, Coroner -Cov.an being
unable to set all" the facts to-day, as
the crew of the train had gone on to
Hanford and would not return until to
morrow.
Chamberlin has for some time been
considered mentally, unsound. f He was
arrested last week for insanity, having
been found by Deputy Sheriffs Plckett
and Rutherford roaming about the
banks of the San Joaquin River, stark
naked. He was brought here and after
a rest of a day or two appeared to be
perfectly rational and was therefore
discharged without examination. He
had a son, L. A. Chamberlin, who is
manager jof j a creamery at Hanford,
and stated -when he was discharged
that it jvas. his intention. to go to him.
Special" Dispatch to ¦ Tbe Call.
SPOKANE, Wash., Dec. 3:— As the
result of being taught ¦ the Fltzsim
mocs knockout blow Harry Walton, a
14-year-ojd Spokane boy,' died to-day.
* Last Saturday the boy visited some
friends lit Union Park and during the
tfternoon & set of boxing gloves were
produced and sparring began. A boy
named Mitchell agreed to show young
Walton the celebrated blow of F.itzsim
mons. in 'the solar plexus. The blow
was. £iven and Walton said it made
him f^el fc little sick at the time.
Later in- the day. white at home,_ he
.was taken worse and became atifte 111.
Tv-day he had a spasm and died.". The
attending physician says death wa&un
doubtedly due to the blow. The Mjtch
eU boy has not been located. . Parents
of the Walton youth are distracted with
grief acd the whole neighborhood- is ln
a stat« of excitement to-nijrht. . ,.
.Kate Gill, 1 a -native 'of Ireland, 55
years; old, committed suicide yesterday
in the {City ; and County,- Hospital ; :by,
swallowing carbolic acid;; ¦ SheThad been
an™ inmate of the Almshouse and , was
removed to the hospital- a^ few : days
ago to be treated for. d. J disease of ; the
feet. She bought '. the poison /at a drug
store on Twenty-fourth street'; near, the
hospital.-" She had exhibited symptoms
at ftiaajnltv for. some time.
Suicide ' of Hospital Patient.
STABBING IN A PLAY • - '^ :
MAY CAUSE A DEATH
Heroine Aims Toe High, Misses a
. Protecting Board, and Severely
: Injures Villain.
"PORTLAND, Or.. Dec. 3.— Robert
Mattison, Jeading man in a little theat
jica.1 troupe which has be^n touring
through the Willamette Valley, lies in
a Portland hospital at the point of
death from a stab -in his lungs.
In- one act of the play which the com
pany produced last night at. Gervais, a
Fmall town twenty roiles south of here,
the.-herQin:e utabs the villain, played by
liattison. In order that the blow
might be" realistically delivered, it was
customary for Mattiscn to wear, a
board over his chest inside his clothes
end in this the knife would stick. Last
• night the heroine struck too. high and
the weapon sank deep into Mattlson's
breast.
LARGE RTJSH OF STEERAGE
i-i. PASSENGERS FOR EUROPE
-¦...¦ /
It: Is Estimated That; Fully Nine
Thousand Have Sailed From New
riOf York During 1 Week.
NEW TORK, Dec. 3— Fifteen hun
dred steerage passengers sailed on the
White Star liner Cedric, which left here
yesterday for Liverpool. This is the
largest" number of steerage passengers
ever carried from a United States port
on any steamer. The French line
steamer La Touralne, which sailed to
day, carried 1000 steerage [ passengers,
and it was estimated that more than
200 steerage passengers with tickets
were left on the dock owing to the
overselling of accommodations. ¦ ¦'
For several months the number of
steerage passengers on all outgoing
steamship lines has been very heavy,
and it is thought that many laborers,
especially Italians, having been able to
accumulate what is to them a compe
tency, are returning to their native
lands. On the steamer Neckar, ' which
sailed to-day for Bremen, were 1013
steerage passengers. It i Is estimated
that about 9000 steerage passengers
have left this port in the last week for
their old homes. They have come from
nearly every State in the Union.
AJMJHBIBHOP HARTY GIVES
AWAY HIS ENTIRE FORTUNE
Donates the Money to the Parish < in
Which He Had Labored for
Many Years.
* ST. LOUIS, Dec. 3.— It Is learned that
Just prior to his departure for .Manila
Archbishop J. J. Harty left. his entire
fortune, amounting to $14,000, ' to St.
Leo's Church, the parish. in which he
had spent fifteen years of his life.- • • ¦
When Archbishop Harty boarded the
train Monday evening to start, on his
long Journey to the Philippines he took
with him only enough money to pay his
passage and expenses. He \ gave ' his
fortune to" help > consummate the> ambi -
tion'of his life to; see the day" when Si.
Leo's Church, the : parochial , residence
and the school buildings would 4je free
from Indebtedness; His action now
leaves the' parish owing but $44,171. ¦
It is stated •' that purses ; which were
I presented to the departing prelate asi
tokens of esteem were -also contributed
to the church.
Form a Union of Clubs
With Headquarters
at Washington.
LONDON, Dec. 3.— A dispatch from
St. Petersburg says a report Is current
in Port Arthur, originating in Chinese
quarters, of an 'anti-Christian rising in
the province of Szechun.
The Tokio correspondent of the Daily
Mail pays it is reported on creditable
authority that at Tuesday's Cabinet
council it was actually proposed to
send an ultimatum to Russia, but that
this grave s^ep was eventually aban
doned in favor of a milder course,
which was ultimately adopted.
The correspondent says the tension
Is acute, and it is generally felt that a
few days will see important develop
ments.
YOKOHAMA, Dec. 3.— It is reported
at Tokio that Japanese Minister Kura
no, in St! P3tersburg, twice within the
past ten* days has demanded Count
Lamsdorff's reply to the final proposals
of the Japanese Government.
BERLIN, Dec. 3.— A dlsrratch from
at. Petersburg says General Kouropat
kin, the Minister of War, has been
forced by the war party to retire. He
has been appointed Governor of Cau
casus. Acting Finance Minister Pleaske
has been granted a long leave of ab
sence. Privy Councillor Kobeko has
been appointed in his place.
Ep<*cial Dispatch to The Call.
"•DENVER*; Dec. 3.— De los A. Chap.- 1
pelle, president of the Victor Fuel Com
pany, and F. J. Hearne, president 'of j
the Colorado Fuel and Iron Company,'
held a conference to-day to agree upon
a*line of action to be pursued in respect
to any proposition that may be received
from the United Mine Workers looking
to the settlement of the strike in South
ern Colorado. -It was definitely decided
to reject the \ proposition which they 1
were informed had been agreed upon
at the conference in Trinidad between
President Mitchell and the district of
ficials to call oft the.strlke if the oper
ators would grant an eight-hour- day,
recognition of the union being- waived.
It also was practically decided to reject
any other proposition that may come
from the United Mine Workers.
"Our course*" Is fully determined
upon," said Chappelle. "We have noth
ing • whatever -to do with Mr. ''Mitchell
and his colleagues." '
Fred Wakeman, a private In Com
pany F, at Camo Goldfleld, has been
arrested as a spy. He is now In the
military prison at Cripple Creek await
ing trial by court-martial} The news of
the arrest was received at the adjirtant
general's office to-day. Adjutant Gen
eral^Bell said Wakeman was employed
as a detective by the Miners' Union!
Under the forty-sixth article of war:a
spy found guilty of giving Intelligence
to the enemy can be punished by death.
General Bell says Wakeman, may suf
fer the extreme penalty should he be
adjudged guilty of the charge for which
he was Incarcerated. .Among the papers
found on him was a union card.
Victor FueT Company .Will Not Treat
With' Mitchell. /
ME A!N"S FIGHT TO A FINISH.
. ALAMEDA, Dec. 3.— City Trustee W.
M. Bowers received a dispatch this
evening from Richmond, Va., inform
ing him that his brother, Charles K.
Bowers, superintendent ».of the Rich
mond Locomotive _ Works, had been
killed there this morning. No ¦ details
were given as to how he met his death.
Deceased visited this city three months
ago as the .guest, of his^- brother. Be
sides his { relative here the dead man
leaves a brother, J. Luther Bowers, ln
Monticello, Napa Couiity, and another
brother, >J.H. Bowers, in Orovllle.
Trustee's . Brother Dies.
Prominent Watsonville Man Dies.
WATSONVILLE, Dec. 3. — A. J.
Dorn)^ a' resident of this section, died
at^hisjhprae near the city today. Few
men"; were * more 'widely and ' favorably
known; throughout this section of the
State. ';He was born in Kentucky and
served,, as a # -volunteer through the
Mexican War.*' He came to this State
In 1849 and. since that time has been
identified with the commercial and po
litical .•'interests of this county. He
leaves 'surviving him the following
children: .Ex-Supervisor Judge N. A.
Dora of Salinas, District Attorney F.
A.Dorn of San Luis Obhspq, Assistant
City Attorney Walter Dorn of San
Francisco and Attorneys D. S. and Ar
thur Dorn of the same city. ,
J. A. Chamberlin Meets
His Death Near
Conejo.
Sad' End of a Boxing
. Bout Between Boys
. in Spokana
Fanatical Outbreak in
the Province of
Szechun.
KNOCKOUT BLOW
CAUSES A DEATH
TRAIN KILLS
AN INSANE MAN
Bishop Leonard was born at Lafay
ette, Mo., June 26, 1848. He graduated
from Dartmouth College in 1870 and
from the general theological seminary,
New York City, In 1873. Bishop Leon
ard was particularly well known
throughout Missouri and Kansas, 'be
ginning his ministerial career in Mis
souri and holding several Important po
sitions in that diocese. Going to Kan
sas "he became one of the leading mem
bers of his church. In 1888 he was con
secrated Bishop of the missionary dis
trict of Nevada and Utah, which was
later enlarged by the addition of West
ern Colorado. Bishop Leonard is sur
vived by a widow and five children.
SALT LAKE, Utah, Dec. 3.— Bishop
Abiel Leonard, head of the Episcopal
church in Utah and. Nevada, died this
morning at St. Mark's Hospital from
typhoid fever.
Bishop Leonard of Episcopal
Church Passes Away
at Salt Lake.
NOTED EPISCOPALIAN PRE
LATE WHO DIED YESTER
DAY. AT SALT lake:
WOMEN PREPARE
TO FIGHT SMOOT
LOS ANGELES. Dec. 3.— When Amos
Hercules walked into the electric rail
road car shops yesterday, morning
with a revolver in each hand and be
gan firing into the crowd of workmen
he was carrying out a carefully ar
ranged • plan to murder seven men
against whom he had a fancied griev
ance. That he succeeded in killing
but one, Timothy Segrue. is du.e to the
prompt action of. Foreman Peter
Brown, who seized and disarmed the
desperate young man.
Hercules' written plan to murder the
seven men employed ln the shops was
found in his room at Redondo to-day,
when search was made by the author
ities. The statement of his Intentions
to kill all the men whose gibes had an
gered him and then to commit suicide
was fully explained. A document which
was intended as his will was also
found. Those whom he had marked
for death were Timothy Segrue, O. T. •
Clutter, Peter Brown, J. Peterson, L.
J. Perry, A. Longstreet ' and L. B.
Pemberton.
After making disposition of his be
longings in his will, Hercules request
ed that part of his money be used to
bury him: He then continues as fol
lows - '\ ';¦*
"After I commit the crime I know
my doom. I will have no one else ex
, cept the ones who have done me
wrong. I Intend, to kill them alL"
He then enumerated a number of
men other than the seven shop em
ployes. Several times in his state
ment he reiterates the determination
not to be taken alive.
A Coroner's jury returned a verdict
this afternoon charging Hercules with
the premeditated murder of Timothy
Segrue and holding him without bond.
Fancied Wrong Prompts an Employ*
of a Railroad Company to Com
mit Wholesale Crime la
Los Angeles.
ANTI-CHRISTIAN
RISING IN CHINA
RINCON, N. Mex., Dec. 3.— Reports
of fabulous finds in the newly discov
ered gold fields are coming into this
town. The wildest of unverified reports
are daily brought here. Prospectors
and adventurers come in on every train
and others are journeying to the new
El Dorado by wagon and afoot.
A Mexican came In to-night with a
bottle containing seven' nuggets of va
rious sizes, the whole amount aggre
gating a value of perhaps $60.
. Louis Galles of Albuquerque, one of
the best-known men ln the Territory,
arrived here to-night and says the ex
tent of the great discovery has not been
exaggerated. Galles has with him a
bottle of coarse gold. This precious
metal he gleaned out of a handful of
sand that he casually scooped up. Blow
ing the dirt and debris out of the mass,
he found gold to the value of approx
imately $5. The ever-accompanying
mining camp adjunct, a saloon, has al
ready been 'established ln the gold
fields.' Gamblers, of course, will not
come until the camp attains a more
stable status. The "find" so far is six
miles long and three miles wide. Many
here estimate the number of men in the
gold fields at 1000. Galles conserva
tively estimates the number, however,
at 400. No killings have yet .occurred
in the new camp, although it is ex
pected that trouble will develop when
some of the more enterprising claim
takers are compelled to share their
holdings with the new-comers. Many
are endeavoring to hold more than they
are entitled to. Prospectors are enter
ing tha country from Hillsboro, Hatch,
El Paso, Albuquerque and all sur
rounding towns.
Special Dispatch to The Call
>
One Man Killad and the
Other Intended Vic
tims Escape.
The walls of some are merely strips
of tarred paper nailed on wooden
frames. Other houses are simply tents
made of * canvas. Not a few are par
tially constructed ) of earth, something
after the fashion of a dugout. A 1 shovel
ful of coal or b. dozen or two, sticks of
wood comprised the entire visible -fuel
supply of mosf of the residents,- from
whom Dowie is "demanding; $500,000.
Others, etill less fortunate/possessed
neither coal nor cordwood.; In several
instances the ;¦ occupants : had gone back
to stumps and roots and; piles of -dried
grassland straw as , the'; sole , protectldn
against freezing. To such straits" have
some -of these enthusiasts been driven
that instead J of chopping down •;. trees
they dig them up : by . the roots so -as to
have additional fuel. : ;
Whether Dowie's home, Shlloh House,
is connected with the administration
building, 200 feet away, by an under
ground tunnel is a question that is puz
zling Chief Custodian Redieske. Dowie
had an appointment with Redieske,
and while the custodian was standing
nt the door of the administration build
ing waiting for Dowie to appear he was
notified that Dowie was awaiting him
inside.
Dowie kept another appointment to
day in the same mysterious manner,
and then Redieske came to the conclu
sion that Dowie must have an under
ground passage between the two build
ings. Not once since the receivers
seized Zion City has its 'founder been
seen outside the doors, yet he has held
conferences both at his home and at
the administration building. ¦
Investigations to-day show that the
fuel supply of many families in Zion
City is reduced almost to nothing. The
extent to which the people of Zion City,
have beggared themselves is shown* by
a trip through the, town. Many of the
poorer residents, the men and women
who work ln ; the factories, live ln
houses flimsy in construction and unfit
to live in through a Chicago winter.
SOME LIVE IN, DUGOUTS.
DOWIE A MAN OF MYSTERY.
CHICAGO, Dec. 3.— John Alexander
Dowie will be called to the' ¦'witness
stand before Bankruptcy Referee Sid
ney C. Eastman and, under oath, will
be required to answer all questions
regarding the financial' affairs of Zion
City. While the date for the inquiry
has not yet been set, Judge Kohlsaat
this afternoon entered the order,
which requires the overseer of the
Christian Catholic church to submit
to an examination." This action was
taken on motion of Attorney Samuel
Ettelson, who files the original peti
tion in bankruptcy against Dowle.
"This application' was not made for
the purpose of harassing Dr. Dowie,"
said Attorney Ettelson. "The receiv
ers are making » an investigation of
Dowie's accounts and they undoubt
edly will need his testimony to get a
correct " knowledge of his financial
condition. It is for this purpose that
Dowie will be called to the stand. The
date of this examination will be set
as soon as the receivers have decided
what <hey want : to question him
about." : ; r i\r-;
LITTXE COIN" 'IN THE BANKS.
Receivers Blount'and Currier spent
most of the day at Zion City looking
into accounts which they could find,
so that they might prepare the report
which Judge Kohlsaat has asked for
concerning the advisability of contin
uing the operation . of all industries
belonging to Dow ; ie. The receivers, it
was said to-night, have found only
about $12,000 in both of Dowie's
banks. Judge Kohlsaat has told the
receivers that he wants to know as
soon as possible whether the interests
of all creditors - cannot be protected
best by continuing the various enter
prises in Zion City. It is not likely
that any of the industries will be
closed, as in such an event thousands
of persons in Zion City would be de
prived of a means of livelihood. This
is said to be one of the main reasons
Dowle will be retained as manager of
the business, under the direction of
the receivers. The . receivers realize
Dowie's strong hold upon his follow
ers and wish to prevent any turn of
events which might turn Zion City,
into a deserted village.
FACTORIES ABE NOT PAYING.
That Zion City's . two chief indus
tries — the lace works and the candy
factor}* — are not paying expenses was
officially disclosed to-day In an ex
amination of the plants by Chief Cus
todian Redieske. After questioning
•closely the managers of both concerns
Redieske said: . . . - ,
"If Dowie relies on '.the industries
of Zion City to pay his indebtedness
the town will still be ln the hands of
receivers a year from now. Neither
the lace works nor the candy factory
Is on a paying basis. In the case of
j the lace works, I understand lack of
i raw material is to blame. No one
i seems to know -what is the. matter
i'with the candy factory."
Redieske is now skeptical concerning
Dowie's ability to vacate the receiver
ship.
"Dowie may have a million or two up
j his sleeve, for all I know," he said, "but
! I have been unable to see any evidence
I of financial strength in Zion City."
• This afternoon Judge Kohlsaat or-
I dered that all coupons issued by Dowie
to laborers and wage earners in Zion
City outstanding before December 1
should be accepted at the discretion of
the receivers.
"Loud and prolonged cheering greeted
the " speaker's last- words, and ,ihe :
crowd , swarmed around to shake hi3
hand. . < . . v'Hv'i
State Labor Commissioner Montgom
ery has arranged a conference with
Mitchell and Governor Peabody atthe
State Capitol for Saturday morning. ,.'
Summons was served on President
Mitchell to-day, citing him to appear
in court within thirty days to answer
a suit for damages in the sum of $85,
000 brought by the Victor Fuel Com
pany against the United Mine Workers
of America, its president, vice president
and all officers and organizers on-, na
tional and district boards," alleging
$50,000 loss in profits, $25,000 .paid, out
for guards and other damages to the
amount'of $10,000.
This afternoon President Mitchell re
ceived word from Hastings that the
Victor Fuel Company was tearing
down the houses of the men there.
These houses are owned by the men,
but are built on the' land of the fuel
company, and the miners pay for the
use of the ground. The houses are be
ing torn down over the heads of the
families. Steps will be taken at once
to start criminal and civil proceedings
against the company.
TRINIDAD, Colo., Dec. 3.— With the
temperature at" the freezing point
President Mitchell addressed a crowd
estimated at between 4000 and 5000 in
the open air this afternoon. The crowd
shivered from cold, but listened atten
tively throughout, frequently lnte'rrfa'pt*
ing the speaker with cheers. Mitchell
spoke -from a platform decorated with
bunting and flags. He was blue from
cold at the conclusion. ". Mitchell said:, :
- "I cannot tell when or how the strike
will end, whether in a day, a month or
a year— that depends on yourselves.'
You cannot hope to win without mak-;
ing sacrifices. I have been in ; many
strikes and seen starvation and evic
tion. Strikes are serious things,- not
pleasures, and men must strike brave
ly. An organization that has won iVic-'
tories in great Pennsylvania strikes
cannot be driven from Colorado.' Our
organization is 380,000 strong— too
strong to be beaten in this State."; v If
you are of the same mind as I am you
will mine no more coal till you receive
fair compensation under proper condi-:
tions." You should all obey the law, add'
this a good union man will do. You
must fight peaceably. Be peaceable arid
law-abiding, and strike, strike, strike:
until you win."
Court Orders Elijah to Give
Pull Information 1 to
Receivers.
Hundred? of Prospectors and
Adventurers Are Hurry
ing , to Field.
Federation Officers Are Sued
for Damages by Coal 7 ¦
Company.
Southern, Califqrnian's
Plan of Slaughter
Found.
Bank Vaults Are Empty
and Population Is
Penniless^
Advises Coloradans to
Strike Until They
Triumph. ,-
Coarse Gold Found in
Large Quantities in
Loose Sand.
GOLD IS LACKING
IN BOWIE'S ZION
MURDERER
MARKS SEVEN
FOR DEATH
MITCHELL URGES
ON THE MINERS
NEW El DORADO
FABULOUSLY RICH
DREAD TYPHOID
CAUSES DEATH
OF A PRELATE
THE. SAN ¦ FRANCISCO. CALL; FRIDAY,' DECEMBER. 4, 1903.
2
ADVEBrTISEMEKTS.
Chas. Keilus & Co.
E x c -I u s i; v e
Iiigh-drade Clothiers
No Branch Stores. No Aeenti.
Onward and Onward
Goes Progression
.of the Superiority
in Ready-Service Clothes.
You Must Acknowledge
This Proven Fact
by Seeing Our Models.
Ke a r n y S t r e e t
T- h u r low Block
To Cure a Cold in One Day.
Take Laxative Bromo' Quinine" .Tablet*.' ..All
druggist* refund the money If It i fails to cure.
SL VS. Grove' s ; sifnatura la on each" box/ 25c *
ADVERTISEMENTS.
J RQOS BROS.
I Our Men's Clothing
I j&r T™ DISTINCTIVE EXCELLENCE
1 'US oF MEN ' S clothing ° F THE
I PRESENT DAY, AS WE GET
I THEM UP, MEETS THE IDEAS
I .OF THE MOST CRTnCAL.
I THEY ARE A COMBINATION OF STUN-
I NING STYLE AND FINE TAILORING.
I NO HEIGHT OF EXCELLENCE IN MEN'S \
I CLQTTffiS S\p>ASSES OUR FINEST QUAU-
I TTEStiOF R^DYWWEAR SUITS-DUPLI-
1 CAUNG (EXCEPT THE PRICES) THE MER-
I CHANT TAILOR'S BEST.
j KEA RNY AT POST
DE. KILMER'S SWAMP-HOOT.
Bladder arid Urinary Troubles
Promptly Cured by Swamp^Root
Because Swamp-Root Is the Most Gentle Healer and
* Natural Aid to the Kidneys and Bladder That
v. "/ Has Ever Been Discovered.
"i. JCo* matter how many doctors you successful remedy. .. -
have tricd-no matter how much Swamp-Root is pleasant to take and
jnfiney you mav have spent on other | n t^^^-^two^
. medicine?, you really owe it to your : . __ fift ccnts and one dollar. Don't
self and to 3-our family to at least ma^ e any mistake, but remember the
Rive Swamp-Root a trial. Its stanch- name; Swamp-Root, Dr. Kilmer's
est "friends to-da5 r are ¦ those who had Swamp-Root, and the address, Bing-
almost given* up hope of ever becom : hamton, N. Y., on every, bottle.
. If you {ire sick or "feel badly." be-' j^^"^
. neys arc getting better,, they will help 1 1 "^ t&mj!ti.'z.. °\<\V
all the <'lur organs to health. A trial //^^p^M^^^^gB3ki't^fe;ffffA\
;• There is comfort in the knowledge, . // rC^l^SI^^^B*^ 1 -^! iilPliL '¦
s<> often expressed, that Dr. Kilmer's : lp'c;; % Vs^^Pfe- jJ*fe^>ll^|[M
Swamp-Root, the great kidney rem- | r^^^^^a^^^^^lSs]
der. and ever>' part of the 'urmary pas- ; ' \\V^^J§^^^?fli^^S
urine "and scalding pain in passing it. \ UfjitiSFj^^^Mig^^^^^^W/ .'
and overcomes that unpleasant neces- X^^^^^^H^^S^^^^^B^y/
jnany tirhes durhi? the night to uri- X$%&A // J^^^^^^^^jj
If your water when allowed to re- \\^^g?g^^^^^^^^p^/
plain ;:";ii^t;ipbt d in a plass or bottle .
for twentv-four hours, forms a sedi- '_-C-l u c/'r^J/ionenA/ lv~£*7
. " .,• • 1 j V*.'l fntz. fit nli*nj-ir(U-3Uit, Ijjf/
ment or settling, or has a cloudy ap- ••J'\f*f
pearance it is evidence that your kid- j Hlram RIchardli on. residing at 608 Ninth
neys .and bladder need immediate at- gtP eei, Three Rivers. Mich., says: "About three
tClMon • ¦ - ¦ ¦*¦ : ¦ f 'S : '- years agro I was having so much trouble with
i _ ¦ . . , • ,- mv kldnevs and Madder that I was very much
Swamp-Root is the great discovery W o rrle<1 an< i inquired of people that I knew
of Dr. Kilmer, the eminent kidoey and had. wed -Dr. Kilmer's Fwamp-itoot, «ia they
bladder specialist. Hospitals use it tx^&Tt^l^^™
with 'wonderful success in both slight 1 cannot ppeak too highly of it. - ,
and severe case?/ Doctors recommend ! */ lnctnli ' y °^' '
it- to their patients and use it" in their ' $C/i~. xf£* P J
own families, because they recognize • /TJ/nl/i^y^/\j^ljOiAuM<T)t
in Swamp-Root the greatest and most Three Rivers, Mich.
To Prove Wkat SWA UP- ROOT, the Great Kidney, Liver and Blad-
. .der Remedy Will do for YOU, Every. Reader of The Call
. . : May Have a Sample Bottle FREE by Kail.
' ' - EDtTORIAL NOTICE — If you have the slightest symptonjs of kid-
- nry o'r bladder trouble,' or if there is a trace of it in your family history,
• pend at once to Dr. Kilmer & Co., Binghamton, N. Y., ivho will gladly
se'nd* you by mail, immediately, without cost to you, a sample bottle of
Swamp-Root and a book containing many of the thousands upon thou-
sands of testimonial letters received from men and women cured by Swamp-
¦•-Root. IY» Writing to Dr. Kilmer & Co..' Binghamton, N. Y., be sure to say
that you read this generous offer in the San Francisco Daily Call.Jue LIm. a Chinese^ who was tried
on a charge of grand larceny before a
Jury in Judge Dunne's court, was con
victed yesterday of petty larceny and
was ordered to appear for sentence
on December 9. J^e and Yee Hip were
accused of stealing a gold bracelet
from Gim HI, a jeweler on Dupont
street. Huey Guey. a witness in* the
case, who was ordered into custody fo'r
perjury, was instructed to appear
again this morning and meantime the
District Attorney will decide what ac
tion to take aeainst him.
Convicted of Petty Larceny.
President. Miss Lucy F. Adams; vice
president, Mrs. Sidney Smith Palmer;
recording secretary. Mrs. Romie Bur
nett Hutchlnson; corresponding secre
tary. Mrs. Ernest A. Leigh; financial
secretary, Mrs. John von Ahnden;
treasurer, Mr?. Joseph Boucher; histo
rian. Miss Eliza D. Keith.
The society is composed of lineal fe
male descendants of members of the
Society of California Pioneers, the offi
cers beinz: as follows:
The Society of Daughters of Califor
nia Pioneers will celebrate its third an
niversary with a breakfast to be given
to-morrow at noon at the California
Hotel.
Daughters of Pioneers to Meet.
• .TClASHIXGTOX; Dec. 3. — Former Congress
man "William M. Sprinter of Illinois la «er1
oua!*- Ill In thl« city o£ pneumonia. Springer
contf*ct»a.a cold while in Chicago a week ago
LEXINGTON. Ky., Dec. 3.— Troops
arrived here to-day from Jackson, Ky.,
under orders of withdrawal by Gov
ernor Beckham, after . having been on
duty there as provost guards since the
feud trouble began last May.
Many sensational stories are told as
to the situation in Breathltt County.
The most serious is that a letter pur
porting to be from Judge Redwlne to
Governor Beckham asking for the
withdrawal of the soldiers is a forgery
for the purpose of getting the troops
away in order to start the feuds again.
Another is that an attempt vas made
on Judge Hargis' life by a man thnust
ing a pistol in his face. Soldiers fear
the trouble will be renewed.
TROOPS ARE WITHDRAWN
FROM BREATHITT COUNTY
Many Sensational Stories Are Circu
lated and Soldiers Fear the Trouble
Will Be Renewed.
. Mary A. Seeley of & King street,
Liverpool, England, has asked the
Health Board for information of her
son'. Seth Seeley, who 6he believes to
t>e dead and who was a seaman in this
i;ity thirteen years ago.
Wants News of Her Son.
SAN DIEGO, Dec. 3.— A large audi
ence" was present this afternoon in the
tiaH In which the Farmers 1 Institute Is
being: held. Among the speakers were
Professor A- J. Cook of Claremont. C.
C. Teague A Santa Paula, H. Culber
f wn of El Cajon, G. M. Hawley of Lake
side, R, C. Allen of Bonita and D.
Griswold of Tropico. "Papers were read
by ; Ja.mes Mills of Riverside on "New
Departures in Citrus Culture," and by
.Herman Copeland of Chula Vista on
"Valuable Work of the Rhlzobii."
Fanners Meet at San Diego.
The purpose of the union is to buy
and sell in bulk, to educate along agri
cultural lines and to eschew politics,
but to nevertheless discuss political
economy.
It began at Emory, Raines County,
about ten months ago, under the name
of the Farmers' Educational and Co
operative Union of America and is now
established In nearly every populous
county in Texas. About th* middle of
February next a meeting will be held
for completing a State organization and
it Is believed the movement will spread
to other States as the Farmers' Al
liance which organized In Kansas did
a few years ago.
FORT WORTH, Tex., Dec. 3.— The
farmers of Texas are being unionized
at a rapid rate. Thef-e are to-day 3000
unions in Texas, with a total member
ship of 40,000 or more, and the organi
zation is spreading like wildfire.
Branches of the Organization Are
Flourishing in Nearly Every Pop
ulous County of the State.
TEXAS FARMERS ARE BEING
UNIONIZED AT RAPID RATE
lilrs. Gay Wants . New Trial.
PAN DIEGO. D«c. 3.— This afternoon
the attorneys for Mrs. Lucile D. Gay in
her suit for divorce from John H. Gay
filed in the Superior Court notice of In
tention to move for a new trial and to
vacate and set aside the decree of
Judge Torrance. They allege irregular
ities in the proceedings of the court,
which prevented a fair trial, insuffi
ciency of evidence to Justify the deci
sion and that the decision was against
law: In case the motion for a new trial
be denied the case* will be taken to the
higher courts. *
• RE>'O, Xev.. Dec. 3.— A freight wreck
occurred last night at Calvada, twenty
miles east .of here, in which eleven
¦freight cars, were derailed and ditched.
Freight train No. 218. with Conductor
Van Cleve in charge., was coming down
gfa.de an'cj ;became unmanageable.
Serious Wreck in Nevada Causes
Much Damage to Railroad
" Property.
FHEIGHT CARS LEAVE
• . ; TRACK ON A GRADE
The importance of this report lies in
the fact that it is another step toward
the sood for which Admiral McCalla
is striving, that of securing the con
strpctfon ct a. battle-ship or first-class
cruiser for the Island.
' VALLEJO, D*c; 3.— Information of a
reliable nature from private sources in
•Washington has been received in Val-
W? to the effect that one of the light
hcyse tenders for the Pacific Coast will
tie touilt at Mare Island Xavy Yard and
•possibly two.
£IARE ISLAND TO HAVE
¦ I CONTRACT FOR A TENDER
L.ighthousa Vessel, or Possibly Two,
ll Will Be Built at Navy
• •.*. * Yard.
NEW YORK, Dec. 3.— Opposition by
ministers here toward solemnizing the
marriage of divorced persons is becom
ing so marked that the Protestant
Episcopal church's committee on the
subject is receiving assurances of co
operation from other denominations.
Support to the movement, which is an
outgrowth of action taken by the last
general convention, already has been
pledged by a meeting at which there
were delegates representing the Pres
byterian. Baptist. United Presbyterian,
Unitarian, Congregational and Luth
eran churches. Invitations have been
sent to the Universalists, Disciples of
Christ, Swedenborgian, United Breth
ren and other religious bodies to" Join
in the crusade and it is expected that
at the next meeting of the promoters to
be held in February at least twenty
denominations will be represented, so
that divorcees may have to face a seri
ous problem if they wish to remarry i
under church rites in this city. j
Opposition ot Ministers to Solemniz
ing of Divorcees Is
Spreading in the East.
DIVORCED PERSONS FIND
IT DIFFICULT TO REMARRY
Before 'Ii»av1ng the robbers cut the
telephone wires connecting with Red
ding. Theri they marched Clark to the
railroad track, distant 100 yards, when
they arllowed him to go.. They started
sauth afoot on the railroad track.
The -.men entered the barroom by
kicking the door down, although it was
r t ot locked. Jdrs. Isaac Ely, the pro
prietor of the resort, and George Clark.
« farmer of the neighborhood, ivere in
ihe room. The robbers compelled Clark
to give up'the few dollars on his per
scn.acd their ordered him against the
wall, hands in the air. While one high
vayman kept him covered with a gun
•the : other- compelled Mrs. Ely to go
through the house with him in search
.of plunder. He secured $30 from the
money drawer and Mrs. Ely's purse.
Evidently the bandits expected more
raonpyV and they were angry in not find
ing it.
•' REDDINO. Pec. 3.— Two masked men
carrrir.p revolvers last night held uji
and roVbed the occupants of the Oaks,
a ros-«l5!.<3e j-escrt three miles south of
ked^ir.r- Each wore a black hat, b!ack
J7:as3v nnd a long black coat.
There will be complimentary trips
over the lines of the San Joaquin Pow
er and Electric Company, which cover
the most thriving and Interesting parts
of Fresno County. Ail members at
tending the convention will be entitled
to avail themselves of the courtesies
extended by this company. On Thurs
day evening', December 10, the ladies
of the Parloi Lecture Club, one of the
leading clubs of the State and compris
ing some of the leading ladies, will ten
der a reception to the members of the
convention at Armory Hall. This event
will be one of the most pleasant fea
tures of the convention.
The address of welcome will be made
by Mayor L.. O. Stephens of Fresno.
Governor Pardee, Lieutenant Governor
Anderson, CcmmisEionor Elwood Coop
er and many other well-known men are
on the list of speakers. On the com
mittee of arrangements are Leonard
Coates, B. E. Hutchinson and W. D.
Weaver.
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 3.— The twenty
nlnth convention of the California
State Fruit C.ro'.vers will be held at
Armory Ha!l in Fresno, beginning De
cember S and ending December 11. The
programme, prepared by the State
Horticultural Commission, contains a
great m:mb?r of interesting features.
Sp*cl«l Dispatch to The Call,
Governor Pardee and Other
State Officials Are to
Speak.
SmaHness of the Amount of
Money Augers the
" '- . Criminals.
Elaborate Programme
for the Session in
Fresno..
Two Masked Despera
does Enter a Resort
Near Redding.
OUTLAWS ROB
WOMAN AND MAN
FRUIT GROWERS
WILL CONVENE
THE SAN FRANCISCO , CALL",; FRIDAY, DECEMBER 4, .1903.
3
- DOAN'S KIDNEY PILLS.
;|LffirS_T[RED7
Few S«a 7rkacl>co People Fully T7nder-
; • staad the Cant*.
• C^iat n«ver-.rested feeling:,
Y ' ' T^red day and night.
* Most times 'Us t'he kidneys' fault.
.Lwan's Kidney Pills cure every k!d-
.ney.'ill. •
fCiire backache urinary disorders, dia-
betes;.
Ar«*' indorsed in San Francisco.
• >££s. C. Demell (CDemcll, emploj-ed
011 Jhe wharf), residence 11 Alaska
plaoc. s.i ys: 'I 'have had more or less
• trouble with rny kidneys for fifteen
y«a£s. my back aching at times bo that
"• I cr>uld neither sit, stand nor lie in any i
r-omforl. When in the acute stage- 1 had
«inHnff rfpells,- was weak. Jacked energy j
•ead-pffea felt as if I would totally col-
la jjbg. - If I stooped for a tew minutes.
"wluifi I rcgajHed an upright position I
trrcw so diziy .1 could scarcely stand, and j
.«Jefcctto the fact- that I was cdntinually i
• iakinfr medicine from physicians anil j
'uBiitg standard remedies I grew worse in
*ii!ace of better. I had very little faith in '
I)oan> IQdney. Pills when I first com- '
menced their use, but after a few days j
of t5ie treatment they must have acted {
• on "my nervous system as well as the!
kidneys', for I was able to Bleep at night
peacefully, something I had been unable-
t«j do for a long: time. I most heartily
recommend Doan> Kidney Pills."
For f--ale by all dealers. Price 50 cents.
Foster-MIlburri Co.. Buffalo. K. Y., .sole
apents for the United States.
• Rrmember the name, Doan's, and take I
r.-< substitute.
• -Schilling's Best is sure sigi
good dealing and pretty siin
sign of good eating.
.; Moneyback;
~ . '¦ ADVERTISEMENTS.
» ¦-.¦.-. ¦ • ¦ . ' ¦
A A OTHERS: If you were sure you could save at
_^ggg- iVl least a third in trading here— if you were certain -rr^^i^rr^^
l''-'$mf we seI1 for $3- 50 - K ls mide f rom g°°d quality serge in
WM ra^vvv, e P eter Thompson style at $6.00, $6.50 and $7.50. jSfli W§i
Jamfc:''*'\ : --' StetcbedfrmLif*^£p' f^tlSSifln RSOIJSG If*^ '^^^^^MM^^S
A charming garment for little chaps from 2K to 7
**3I E^[ &\ years of age is the Russian blouse suit, made with knick- , ET &\
%Jr erbockers, shown in the upper right hand picture. This 13ss!3 \J
jaunty little Russian suit is made of brown, royal blue, ..,__
dark red and navy blue serges, prettily trimmed with
v neat r rows pT silk braid; prices, $6.00 and $6.50.
Russian blouse sailor suits with knee trousers, in
the colors above mentioned, trimmed with silk braid; ?*z£l
"Russian sailor suits in pretty blue, red and seal brown
"^^^^^M^^P velvets, with knee trousers, perfectly made and elegantly - J
1^8|||jB^f^ trimmed with silk collars with all-over lace. The price
ili^HBPs? is $ 12 - 00 ' but vou must see them to appreciate their fe '^^¦•'^^^r^
• -^^Mifflfcw ¦¦ ¦ I Boys' Overgarments r^^^^p^
J^i^K^-;^^®^^^^^ Top coats and reefers in tan coverts, navy blue |pJ^=WWl^^^§S^fel>
cheviots and Oxford gray mixtures; ages 3 to 13 years, . J^^^S^feS^^p^^i
Children's reefers for boys from 3 to 13 years as fol- |S||
W^^^^'-'WS^^^SmS^m lows: Dark green fancy cheviots with emblem on sleeve,
W^^^0^ :^^^^^ $4 - 50; dark Oxford grav and my y blue
¦¦ with emblem on sleeve, $5.00; swell navy blue serge f^^^^^J^'-'-^^^^vKr^lM^^S
dark tan coverts with emblem and chevron on
W^^^^^^^^m For b °y s from 4 t0 13 X ears we have Ion^ c^t over- ¦
coats with belt in back ' slmilar t0 the picture shown on
m'^^r^^SBBS^ the lower right hand side. The assortment is: Dark
Oxford gray at $5.00, Scotch mixtures at $6.00, dark
fi^M^;SSMSIS^^R^ • mixtures at $6.50, gray herringbone stripes at $7.50 and !#M& :^MM?^M0M
Boys Waists and Caps Bill^^ .
Boys' tennis flannel waists and blouses made of good '' ®S^- ; l^ip^ife^^
quality tennis flannel in light, medium and dark colors, W^W^^^M0^% '
mlm price 25c. These are just the thing for the boy to slip on ¦
W$M * Boys ' w ° o1 flannel blouses and waists, regular 75c $^^S^^||S®^S^^
Wm vmk garments, but we are closing them out at 50c. . .
llll All the latest styles in boys' soft hats at 90c and '' :i^^^$^^$ii^^^
/Sl-'i :A -'« Si Large shape sailor hats in cloth and corduroy at $1.00 MM Ha •* : '* :
sketched ' frmLifa fSKSfrr-"' A W% C± f i r* o t^ F^^"%7'£t' I <ki«n«4Tr EkkSfI''" .
gfr wgr j^ Any boy who patronizes our Juvenile Department is .
Jk 3 ki| eligible to membership- in the American Boys' Library, ' &\&\
vjF©v-^x/ which we have installed on our second floor. He will M* JalFlF
be given a card entitling him to one book at any time, v "^, .
f • and upon its return another book can be selected. ."
¦ Jtf m M^ m • ¦' "¦'-*' " mL ' mB ' * - * ' *.
mm MM m f M m , - '. ' t .•*;'.' HQn gg , u .... . . ¦ ¦ , .
lalnil f //*/Y/3#tO " VHk MM - Mm, B . gt!P3t£\ ft i mm
though the purchase was A ' / V Vt ; ¦ A J \-^ Zlfind a ' oVas^stance
made m person. j 1 4Q Market Street «• ° rderin 9- WmWilliam Davis, who pleaded guilty to
a charge of burglary before Judge Cook
on Wednesday, was sentenced yester
day to serve six months In San Quen
tin. The Fentence was made light ow
iing to his previous good character and
th'e fact that the articles be stole were
practically worthless. He broke Into
the«premlses of the Pacific States Type
Foundry. 508 Clay street, on Septem
ber 20.
Burglar Gets a Light Sentence.
OAKLAND, Dec. 23.-^116 following
marriage licenses were Issued by"; the
County Clerk to-day: Augustus ,W.
Larmer, 25.. San Francisco, and Emily
J. Mitchell, 24, Oakland; Joseph" L.
Rose, 46, and Annie S. Dutra, 27, both of
San Leandro.' •*:' - '
Marriage Licenses.
OAKLAND, Dec. 3.— James Wilson
has charged Ernest Hollaway and
Thomas Ward, boys, with knocking $12
out of his hands, grabbing the money
and escaping before a policeman could
catch them. Wilson^saidv the theft oc
curred In the waiting-room at the Sev
enth-street railroad depot near Broad
way/ Hollaway has frequently been in
jail under similar accusations.
Says Boys Robbed Him.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
.'', EUREKA— Arrived ' Dec 3 — Stmr Sen Pedro,
hence ¦' Dec : 2. ¦ " • ¦'- -':,
ABERDEEN— Sailed Deo 8— Stmr Santa
Monica, for San Pedr
- ' SAILED. • '
¦ Thursday, December 3.
Stmr Nome City, Moore, Astoria and Port
land. ,; - ¦ . .¦:.."¦ . •
' Schr Newark, Reinertsen, Bowens Landing 1 .
QUTSIDE, BOUND IN, ,12 MIDNIGHT.
Schr F S.Redneld.
'Thursday, December '8.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, 22 hours from.Monte
rey and way ports. • '¦."¦. . • .
Schr Mary E Russ, Nyman, 3 daya from Eu
reka. '_ •-" ."-' '¦¦¦-:-' ¦¦ ; ¦ . ' ...:.¦ ¦
Late Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
t« mRF^ED FOR CRUELTY.— Gaors*
r-ihhi a driver for A. B. Clute. wm. arrested
hv Officer McCurrie of the Humans Society
vM'Mday for using a lame horse. Gibb» was
£«2Fo£ V» c«h ball.
ALAMEDA, Dec. 3.— City Justice R.
B. Tappajn is minus an overcoat, a pair
of shoes and an oil painting that were
stolen from his office in the Alameda
Bank building yesterday. The articles
were purloined by a stranger, who rep
resented himself a,s a collector, for funds
to supply orphan children" with . •. a
Christmas dinner. He made away .with
the property while Justice Tappan was
using, a telephone In his private office.'
Thief Bobs Magistrate.
BERKELEY, Dec. 3.— One of the
young lady students at Miss Head's
school for girls, corner Channlng way
and Bowditch street, attempted to- take
the chill out of the covers of her bed
last night by putting an Incandescent
light globe between them. She went
away and a little later a servant-dis
covered that the heat had set fire to
the bed. By dousing the smoldering
clothes with a bucket or two of water
the maid soon had the fire under con
trol. .... ; , . .
Electric Globe Fires Bed.
Ex-Police Commissioner Newhall,
who Is president of the Society for the
Prevention of Crueltv to Children,
assisted Officers White and McMurray
of the society last night in bringing to
the Juvenile detentipn ward of the
Receiving Hospital three neglected
children. The children's names are
James, Alexander and William Thomp
son, aged respectively 10, 9 and 6 years.
Their mother has been in the hospital
for several weeks and the father
neglected them. Neighbors in the
vicinity of their home at 323 Langton
street complained of the condition of
the little ones and caused .the action
of the society.
Newhall Aids Officers.
The body has been placed in the re
ceiving vault at Cypress Lawn Ceme
tery pending the inquest. •
CoToner Leland will hold'an inquest
on the body of Captain William M.
Holmes, the fireman who was injured
on August 13, 1902, by the collision of
his fire engrine with a street car.
Holmes died on December 1 of this
jyear, more than a year after the oc
currence of the accident. The attend
ing physician, F. Knorp, stated that
the chief cause of death was carcino
ma of the large Intestine.
Inquest on Fireman Holmes.
BERKELEY, Dec. 3.— The board of
trustees of the Trinity Methodist
Church took the first steps toward se
curing a new church building last night
by appointing a committee to get plans
and estimates for such'a structure. The
members of the committee are Simon
Hackley, H. H.Cole. Fred Foss, E. E.
Newtcfn and A. A. Cooley. It is pro
posed to erect the building at the cor
ner of Fulton street and Allston way,
the site of the present church building.
The site was recently enlarged by the
purchase of fifty additional feet on Ful
ton street. If the building Is built It
will cost not less than $50,000.
TRINITY METHODIST
CHTJECH TO BUILD
HOUSTON, Tex., Dec 3.— The Texas
Chapter of the Daughters of the Con
federacy to-day adopted the. following
resolution: .*
"Whereas, The , President of the
United States, by his recent course
toward the republic of Panama has
shown to -the world his Indorsement of
the principle of the right of secession;
and V-'-'X.'l • .
"Whereas, The people of the Northern
States, by their acceptance and ap
proval of his course, have shown that
they have been led by him out of the
fog of ignorance to the bright realms of
truth attained by the Southern states
men so many years ago; » therefore,
be It "...
"Resolved, That we extend 'to the
President the hearty tnanks of the
Daughters of the Confederacy of the
State of Texas for his indorsement of
the principles and his vindication of
the cause for which the Southern peo
ple fought so gloriously, but so dis
astrously, in the war between the
States." . .. . . -' .
Daughters of Confederacy Applaud
President's Panama Policy.
TEXAS "WOMEN FACETIOUS.
OAKLAND, Dec. 3.— The following?
venires of( grand and trial Jurors from
which wlirbe chosen the nineteen men
who will compose the Grand Jury for
the year 1903-4 and the trial Jurors for
the next six months, were drawn this
afternoon before Judge Ellsworth: I
Grand Jtrors— R. A. Dague. W. M. Brandon.
F. C. Jarvls, A. L. White. Thomas Poyier, J.
Plaw. Farley B. Granger, A. L. Graham, E.
H. Mardwell, Benjamin Smith, wTlIlam II.
Weilbye, Henry P. Mo^r. Alpheus Kendall,
Wilbur Walker. Andrew K. Baumgarten. , Co- #
lumbus Brier. E. A. Heron. Phillip S: Teller,
Marcus Jonas. R. B. Bain. C. B. Foot. •.William
p. Hook, Wallace Everson, James King, it.til
le^ Searles. August Hageman,. J. W. Matthews.
Henry J- Sohst. B. C. Haws and J. G. White.
Trial Jurors^ — Joseph Fletcher. William Cum
mlngs. C. S. Long. Thomas Walker. Georzs
K Hlldreth. F. E. Bunker. W. H. Ma.-in. J.
W Watson. L. Llnekla. C. A. Thayer. J.'N.
Bailey J E. Terp, W. E. Elliott. Henry a.
Mehrtens ' J. L. Hollls. A. MiUwain. James H,
Cobbledlck. Jacob Mueiler. F.obert Greig. Henry
Crosby. Frank M. GilcrfSt. Samuel Rubel.
Tnhn Davis F M Davle. G. TV. Webb. C. F.
Hampel A Davis Geonr? E. Grindle. A. Bis-
Z EJ- Rioter. -» am " s S n £. rta 2*u W " K
Nuttfng. John P. Keller. S. N. Wyckofc John
H«Vi.«nn W II Bliss. J. K. Smallman. C
Me^fr Charles K. King. Mathew Lee. c. H.
ww John Alton. Benjamin Maloon. John M.
? n v D H Bnm -*• "• Sc*>uu F. Oliver.
? 7 r Llnderman, John V. Batrd. Charles
a'h£ll. Sylvww? Merrill. Hans Kamp. B. J.
?• rt^n C H Hatch. Ceorse W. Arper. Her-
J™ J ; Mohr Edward J. Help. JameVA- Tre
n HJnryBrbwp and H. A. Pleltner. .
Grand and Trial Jurors.
A large and fashionable audience
heard an interesting song recital given
yesterday afternoon by Mrs. Arris
teene Schultz at Century HalL Mrs.
Schultz was by Arthur Weiss,
cellist, and \3yula Ormay pianist. THe
programme included some unusually
attractive numbers, that were given
with excellent effect by the singer and
cellist. Mrs. Ormay's " accompani
ments were also a distinguished fea
ture. Following is the programme:
Sonata, for vlolincello and piano. In A (Bee
thoven), Arthur Weiss and Gyula Ormay; (a)
"11 Mlo Ben," aria (Giovanni Palcello, 1741):
(b) "N>1 cor mio non ml Sento," arrietta (Gio
vanni Paicello. J.sn;>. ¦ <aj "Dewdrop" (Ru
benstein); <b) "Failing. Star" (Ruben;
stein), fa) "Farewell" (Shafter Howard); (b)
•The Heart's Fancies" (Shafter Howard, (a)
"Serenade" (David Popper); (b) "Vlto" (Da
vid Topper)— Mr. Arthur Weiss; "Na sco se'a
ran la" (Gounod), scene and aria from the op
era of "Fauet"; eong cycle. "Summertime"
(Landon Ronold); "Habanera." (Bizet).
Arristeene Schultz Recital.
The strike of the paper box makers
has been settled to the satisfaction of
both teldes and the men returned . to
work yesterday. .
President. Richard Cornelius; vice president,
W J. C. Goldkuhl; recording: secretary, P. O.
Shallenberger; secretary-treasurer, J. H. Bow
ling; conductor, J. C. Ayers; sentinel, C. Otter
son; warden, J. Cojrorno; delegates to Labor
Council— W. R. Bell. A. Briggs. A. 1*1 Bur
roughs, W. C. Burton, J. N. Copus. J. O.
Jones, W. B. Shafer and F. R. Whitney; dele-
Kates to Department Council — A. K. \ Bur
roughs. C. P. O'Hanlon and William E. Stan»
ton; delepates to the State Federation of La»
bor — J. N. Copus, Harry A. Knox and Richard
Cornelius;- hospital directors— P. M. Belknap,
Rcbert H. Keyes, G. W. Lane, Patrick Lynch,
F. G. Shallenberger and J. Shields; executive
board — Mission-street carhouse, J. W. Brooks
and G. W. Lane; San Mateo carhouse, \V. R.
Bell and G. A. Mitchell; Twenty-fourth-street
carhouse. William Curing and F. Nelson; Pow
ell and Jackson streets house, C. H. Clalr and
R. Dower; Haight-etreet house, F. H. Collins;
Hayes-street house, *S. Proutt: McAllister
ftreet house. W. G. Kichwell; Market and .Va
lencia streets house, C. Mitchell; Oak' and
Broderlck streets house, T. Doran . and T.
Murry; Flllmore and Turk -etreets house, J. C.
Rlctor and W. . S. Shafer: Geary-street house,
N. Halverson: California and Hyde streets
house, M. .O'Connor and J. Mill ward; Sacra
mento-street • house, H. Mote: . , Sutter
street house, J. W. Cllft and Robert H.
Keyes; Sutro line. house, G. Knauft; Polk and
Larkln streets house. F. A. Hardy and .W. S.
Keal; Union-street house. J. Shields; Castro
street house, P. M. Belnap; Valencia-street
house. L. Peterson; Kentucky-street house, O.
U. Janes and W. • Tanner; track department,
W. J. McLeod. ,.
After nearly an all-night election, at
which about "00 votes were cast, the
members of the Carmen's Union last
night elected the following officers for
the following six months:
Carmen. Elect Officers.
St. Andrew's Church elected the fol
lowlns vestrymen: Robert Nichols. T. D.
Hall.-R.-G. Graham. Mr. Hlndle, Robert
Skinning," Francis v Jackson and Mr.
Smith. R. : G. Graham was elected ' secre
tary-treasurer. •
The following delegates were elected
at Trinity Church: to attend the conven
tion at San Francisco on January 26:
Webb N. Pearce,- D. M. Doub, Rev. Mr.
Bakewell. John Hampton and Julian Ma
thieii. The election of vestrymen result
ed as follows: Rev.; Clifton Macon, D. M.
Doub, v Webb , N. Pearce,' John Hampton,
Julian Mathieu, L:- J.Le Conte, Dr. John
Bakewell, H. JM.;Sanborn and Joseph
Sanders. Webb N. Pearce was elected
treasurer, Dr. Bakewell secretary, H.M.
Sanborn senior warden and D. M. Doub
junior warden.*
OAKLAND, Dec. 3. — The annual elec
tions of the verstrymen and other offi
cers of the various Episcopal churches of
Oakland were held Tuesday night. At St.
Paul's Church the following were elect
ed: H. C. Taft, B. Hayden, J. H. Wal
lace, W. A; Barbour, N. A. Acker, Charles
R. Jones, Vernon Waldron, Kennerly
Bryan, S. C. Farnham arid Samuel Breck.
H. C. Taft was appointed senior warden
by the rector and B» Hayden was elected
junior warden by the vestry. ¦ Samuel
Breck wa,s re-elected "secretary and
treasurer. '
. At St. John's Church the following
vestrymen were elected: Clifton Kroll,
F. E.- Mason, C. K. King, Newton H.
Barry, George.. E. ArrOwsmith, H. II.
Hassard V, and G.'-E. Jackson. Clifton
Kroll was elected secretary, Mr. Mason
senior warden," J Alr.> King junior warden
and Mr. Barry treasurer.
,' The vestrymen elected at the Church
of the Advent in East Oakland were: C.
B. Fott, Richard' Burr, Edmund Taylor,
E.-S.'Hough, A. J. Read, Dr. H. I. Jones
and Dr. Crawford, elected unanimously.
C..B. Foot was 1 selected for senior war
den and Dr. Jones for junior warden, and
Robert Burr was elected secretary.
Annual Meetings Held and Officers
Named for the Ensuing
¦^v ;; -. Year.
EPISCOPAL CHURCHES
ELECT VESTRYMEN
The benefit in aid. of the free .ward
of the California Woman's Hospital
will take place at the Alhambra Thea
ter this afternoon at 2:30 o'clock. An
interesting programme has been pre
pared ¦ and the trustees and board of
lady managers and their friends have
been working hard for the success of
the affair. The programme is as fol
lows :
Overture. Rosner's Hungarian Orchestra:
I'.r.vant and Haville, musical comedians; Searl
and Violet Allen, presenting "The Sign Paint
er": Lotta and Belle Tobin, refined musical
experts: Arthur Cunningham, the eminent
operatic barytone: violin solos — (a) andante,
from concerto (Mendelssohn), (b) Spanish
Dance <Sarasate). (e) fantasie. "The Cascade,"
by request (De Kontski), Wfnzel Kopta, ac
companied by Fred Maurer; Joseph Newman in
his original humorous «ongs; Hal Godfrey and
his company of comedians, presenting "A Very
Bad Boy'*: Joe and Sadie Britton, the un
rivaled colored coupl<".
The performance will be continuous.
Fine Programme for This Afternoon's
Entertainment in Aid of the
Woman's Hospital.
BENEFIT PROMISES TO
BE A GREAT • SUCCESS
Senator Knowland said that many
thousands of dollars had been expended
in keeping the thoroughfare in passa
ble condition, but with little success.
He asserted that the realty along the
roadway would not stand the assess
ment that would be necessary to raise
the funds required to make the high
way "what it should be. Senator
Knowland explained that there is no
law under which the county can be
called upon to assist in improvements
within a municipality. He considered
that the best plan would be for the
mercantile and improvement organi
zations of Alameda and Oakland to
join in raising funds by subscription
or otherwise to keep the roadway In
condition for traffic. He did not be
lieve that an election for bonds to carry
out the work would succeed.
Assemblyman Bates said the Web
ster street roadway was a disgrace to
Alameda and announced that he would
work in every way to devise a plan for
its improvement.
Secretary Stearns said that the Oak
land Board of Trade stood ready to
help Alameda rebuild the roadway, as
its improvement would redound to the
benefit of both cities. It was decided
that the West End Improvement Asso
ciation "would meet December 17 Inst.
with a committee from the Oakland
Board of Trade, when it is expected a
definite plan of procedure will be out
lined. : ;r:;
ALAMEDA. Dec. 3.— State Senator
J. R. Knowland, Assemblyman J. Clem
Bates and Secretary Edwin Stearns of
the Oakland Board of Trade addressed
the West End Improvement Associa
tion to-night on the proposed better
ment of Webster street roadway, the
main artery of travel between this city
and Oakland.
Betterment of Webster Street Is the
Theme of Many Ambitions
Alaqaedans.
WOULD IMPROVE BOADWAY
BETWEEN TWO CITIES
Fire caused by ignition and explosic/n
of gas in a blast pipe wrecked the "Sta
tion B" plant of the' Oakland Gas,
Light and Heat Company at First and
Brush streets, shortly. after. 2 o'clock
this mornmgr Tfhe flames broke'out In
the engine-room and attacked . the
frame roof, rapldiy spreading, gutting
the brick structure and threatening the
large gasometer east of the building.
Fortunately the firemen kept the fire
confined to the building and prevented
a disastrous explosion at the gas tanks.
Engineer George W. Bennett and his
assistant, J. Mansfield, were slightly
burned in their fight to control the fire.
The boilers and gas manufacturing
equipment were badly damaged, but
can be made serviceable by repairs. E.
C. Jones, engineer in charge of the gas
department of the works, began to
clear the wreckage this morning and he
said gas making at the station would
be resumed by to-morrow.
When the fxplosion came Engineer
Bennett was thrown against a brick
wall by the force of the concussion, but
escaped serious injury. He kept at
work battling with the encroaching
flames until the firemen arrived in re
sponse to a single alarm.
In* the burned building was a meter
department, which suffered $10,000 loss
from destroyed apparatus. The loss to
the building and machinery is about
$30,000, covered by insurance.
John A. Britton, manager of the com
pany, said to-day#that the supply of
gas would not be diminished, as "Sta
tion A," Second , and Washington
streets, would furnish ample iluid. <The
property burned was erected by the
Equitable Gas Company, which was
absorbed by the Oakland Gas, Light
and Heat Company, " that corporation
merging recently with' the California
Gas and Electric Corporation.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
• . 1118 Broadway, Dec. 3.
Because- John Smith, a burglar sen
tenced to San Quentin for twenty years,
had a considerable supply of opium In
his possession when he came to be re
moved from the County Jail to-day.
Sheriff Bishop has issued an order that
the visiting days at the prison will be
cut down to "Wednesdays and Satur
days, and that nothing in the way of
-food will be allowed to be brought from
the outside to those confined in the jail.
Owing to the number of Chinese that
have been held here for the Federal
Government, there has been an unusual
demand for opium in the jail and the
most rigid watch has failed to keep the
stuff from the prisoners. The Sheriff
has come to the conclusion that most of
It ha's been brought in with the cakes
and pies sent in to the prisoners. /
A large potato was found in the jail
yard one day, the inside filled with
opium, and Lee Bang, a Chinese, is
now doing' a year at San Quentin for
attempting to give some cigars filled
with the drug to a prisoner.
Now there are to be no more cakes
and pies and the jail is to become less
of a home and more of a prison.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Dec. 3.
Sub-Station - Is Gutted
by Fire and Ex
plosion.
O|pium Concealed in Pas
try Sent to the
.Prisoners.
Rev. Dwlght E. Potter, general chair
man of the executive committee that
has in charge the big interdenomina
tional missionary conference that opens"
In the Flr3t Presbyterian Church in
this city to-morrow, has issued the fol
lowing call to those interested:
OAKLAND. Cal.. Dec. 2. 19<tt.
To the Christian People of Oakland — Dear
Friends: The Alameda County Christian En
deavorers and Epworth Leaguers have shown a
generous and missionary spirit in merging
their county conventions, together with th«
Baptist Youns People's L'nion. Into one large
interdenominational young people"s missionary
conference, which begins Its thr^« days' «es
vions In the First Presbyterian Church. Oak
land, on Friday morning. • The executive com
mittee hereby Issues a call to you to invtta
ycur co-operation In an effort to- make this
meeting memorable and powerful. .Ifce need*
and the justifications are round in the follow-
Irg facts: . . •
Klfst — Our "marching; orders" are plain; »«r
common Master has spoken clearly. . lie does
not suggest or advise a world wide, preaching
of the gospel. He. commands it. His definite
instructions are found in all four gospels and
In the Book of Acts. Hta programme must be
ours. He says: '"Go preach to every creature;'
teach all nations." For every true believer
this Is enough, an unanswerable argument, an
uftimatum. It la hish time to obey or- deny
hi.* Tight to command. We must repudiate
him. reject his gospel, or leap forward In glad
and Immediate response. Let us undertake to
evangelize every creature now, to reach out
own generation, or els« be honest enough to
confess that we have no Intention of doing so.
We must quit him or quit foolinff with mis
sions. If Jesus knew his business,.' our busi
ness Is to carry oqt hta order. If he did not
let us eeast* to follow him. Forty cents a
year Is the average gift of American Chris
tians, while two-thirds of the world have never
heard bis name. Our spirit la wrong,' cur at
titude sinful, our neglect criminal. Let «¦ r»*
pent.
Second — This conference, makes no faJa» dis
tinctions about "Home or Foreign." but caila
on all believers in Christ to help siak* hli
gospel known to all men everywhere. God has
no foreigners. Which Is his country? Wher*
does his sun shine? Shall the "fatherhood of
God" be merely a dogma, and «th« "brother
hood of man" be made a farce? : *,. -•
Third — Eleven denominations and s«veral or
ganizations are represented on the programs!*
and we shall know no name but Christian. All
wtll be tirged to work through their ' own
boards. Hay there be sweet fellowship m w».
who are one in Christ, wait together witn on*
accord In one place and seek to know and to
do cur Master's will. Then "I «m wjtl» you"
will have new meaning.
Fourtli — The programme la broad, spiritual
and dynamic. It begin* with Important sub
jects and strong speakers. Friday morning n.n
fact will be developed that from Oenest* to
Kevelatlons the Bible teachea missions. Sub
jects are announced rather than speakers, -ta
order to emphasise truth and not men. "not
who, but what." Saturday night th* great
¦world cry will t« presented, and tho call for
volunteers will follow. India alcne aska for.
9C0-'> r.ew missionaries. Come, then, all you
who l-elong to Christ. Come and be ready to
learn and do his will, and to give your sons
ami daughters for his service. Fifty mcrs
plac»s are needed for the entertainment cf our
visitors. Can you not entertain one?. Answer
E E Wocd. 1214 Franklin street. Oar cjty is
famous for hospitality. Shall we fall now;
Fraternally yours, D. E. POTTER.
By order of the Commute*.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway,. Dec. 3.
Big Interdenomination
al Conference Opens
To-Day,
Dr. L. W. Stidham, secretary of the
Board of Health, will file the proposed
measure with the City Trustees at
their meeting next .Monday night with
the request that it be passed as quickly
as circumstances will permit. Those
who keep noisy fowls in Alameda will
have to move out or pay fines in the
future.
ALAMEDA, Dec. 3.— Crowing roos
ters, quacking ducks, cooing pigeons
and other fowl that make themselves
heard in various ways will hereafter
have to take a back roost, one that will
be at least twenty feet from any hu
man domicile, else their owners will be
liable to arrest and prosecution.
Such is the principal requirement of
an -ordinance drafted by the Board of
Health at the instance of one of Its
members. Dr. Kate Van Orden, who
has repeatedly reported that her slum
bers and those of her neighbors have
been disturbed by noisy chanticleers,
drakes and pigeons. It is further stip
ulated in the new measure that any
person found guilty of violating the
fowl law shall be punished by a fine
not beyond $50 or by imprisonment in
the City Jail for a term not exceeding
ten days, or by both fine and imprison
ment.
Alameda's Health Board
Drafts Strict Fowl :
Ordinanca
FLAMES RUIN
A GAS FACTORY
The case has been bitterly fought
and the contest proceedings alone oc
cupied nearly seven weeks time.
Sherk, Large and Fletcher are the
owners of the Bonanza claim at Har
rison Gulch. On August 22, 1901,
they filed their application for a pat
ent to the claim. A year later the
Harrison Gulch Townsite people filed
an application for a townsite patent
and Including In their description the
Bonanza claim and a part of the Gold
Hill extension claim, owned by Midas
Gold Company and W. W. Markh'am.
The register and receiver hold that
the; Bonanza Is mineral-bearing
ground and should be excluded from
the townsite patent and that Sherk et
al are entitled to a mineral patent.
The Gold Hill claim was not mineral
bearing and the townsite people won
the decision over Markham. The
townsite people will probably appeal
to the Commissioner of the General
Land Office, but the Midaa Company
will not
REDDING, Dec. 3.— «rE. P. Sherk,
Frank Large and Andrew Fletcher
have won their fight with the Harri
son Gulch Townslte people . over the
Bonanza mining claim located in/ the
Harrison Gulch townsite. The register
and receiver of the Redding Land
Office, hefore whom the contest case
was tried and who have had the mat
ter under consideration, handed down
their decision this afternoon. The de
cision is against the townsite people.
Special Dispatch ti> The Call.
The .banquet, which was under the
auspices' of the Ladies* Aid Society of
Fimpson Memorial Methodist Episco
pal Church, was superintended and ar
ranged by the following: Mrs. M. De
Witt. Mrs. John Stephens, Mrs. J. H.
Humphrey?, Mrs. E. W. Strange, Mrs.
J. H. Sullivan. Mrs. J. C*. Owens, Mrs.
John I^oe. Mrs. J. H. Veghte, Miss
I>aura Williams. Mrs. E. O. Rollins and
Mrs. T. J. Parsons.
DHh^p and Mrs. Hamilton, Rev. Dr. and
Mr« W W. Cue. Uev. Dr. and lire. W. S.
MaVthewF. Kev. Dr. and Mrs. George B.
Fmvth Rev. Dr. and Mrs. Thomas Fllben,
Rev. DP. «nd Mr*. F. M. Larktn, Rev. Dr.
• nd/Mrs' Ofloree E. Reed, Rev. Dr. and Mr».
J • A ' B. Wilson, Rev. Dr. and Mr». A. C.
Bane Rev" Dr. and Mre. John Stephens, Rev.
I)r "and Mm. H. B- Heacock. Rev. Dr. and
Mr* ¦•»'. J. Jennets. Rev. Dr. and Mrs. J. H.
N". William*. Rev. Dr. and Mrs. E. F. Brown.
n«-v Dr. Oxnam, Rev. l>r. and Mr». E. P. F.
IVarborn, Rev. Dr. and Mr*. E. P. Raley.
Rov I>r.. end Mrs. Geonre W. White. Rev. Dr.
nnd Mrs. II. W. Waltz. Rer. Dr. and Mrs.
T D Bovard. Rev. Dr. and Mre. M. (\ Har
ris Rpv.* Dr. nnd Mm. J. N. Beard, Mr. and
Mr* R V. Watt, Mr. and Mr*. KL B. Per
kins'. Air. and Mr*. I. J. Truman. Mr. and Mrs.
\V H \\>Uter. Mr. and Mrs. E. E. Johnson,
!>r. and Mr*-. K. E. Kelly, Dr. and Mrs. J. H.
Sorter. I>r. and Mrs. E. M. Bixby. Mr. «nd
Jin: K. W. Strange, Mr. and Mr*. J. \V. Wct
inore Mr. and Mrs. R. Prince, Mr. and Mr».
\V. P. HtBEitibothanj. Mr. and Mrs. Ralph
Wilson. Mr. and lire. J. II. Humphreys, Mr.
rnd Mrs. John Coop, Dr. and Mri. C. D*ich
miller. Mr. and Mrs. R.- P. Webster. Fred
Morcom. Robert Patterson, XV. F. Harris, WI1
•liam Abbott, Percy Jenkin, Cap*«in and Mrs.
P. TbnnlpMm. j>,-_ an< ] Mrs. R. V. Moody. Mr.
end Mr?. G-sorge V. Na»h, Mr. and Mrs. F. II.
Harrs. • V. c
Among those who sat at the banquet
board weref _
' Speaking of the semi-annual meeting
of Bishops at which the prelates lay
out the work of the world for the year
on behalf of the Methodist Episcopal
church and the missionary convention,
which takes place next April, Bishop
¦Hamilton said it was probable that it
will be held in San Francisco.
The election of officers for the en
suing year resulted as follows:
Honorary vice presidents. Bishop J.
AV. Hamilton. LL.D. and Rev. W. S.
Matthews. D.D.; president, I.". J. Tru
man; vice presidents, William Abbott.
C. B. Perkins. R. V. Watt and S. I.
Harrison; secretary, Rev. E. D. Raley;
financial secretary, E- M. Bixby; treas
urer. Columbian Banking Company;
trustees— C. B. Perkins,. C. S. Holmes,
William Abbott. J. W. Wetmore, J. W.
Whiting, R. V. Watt, Robert McElroy,
I. J. Truman. W. P. Higglnbotham, E.
E. Johnson and J. H. Robinson.
Various reports- were read from com
mittees and officers, all showing pro
gress and indefatigable labor.
ABOUND BANQUET BOABD.
MAY GET CONVENTION.
The Bishop said that that sum did
not include either the educational of
ferings or • church extension, which
when added increased the sum to
$3,000,000, besides the local support
given the churches, "colleges and phil
anthropic movements.
KEVIEWS THE FUTURE.
Bishop Hamilton reviewed the relig
ious and spiritual future c-f San Fran-»
<isco and assured his hearers that he
heartily eo-operated with them in their
plans. This, he said, was a day of great
thing?, of great thought and move
ments and achievements', and, he said,
there was nevor a time when even the
ambition of writers was to make more
nf the Jiu!p things of life, to illumine
them in rhrmeht and in sympathy. In
this ftgrp they were all profoundly stir
red by teachings and a rympathetic
Ftory, he held, even touched the whole
people.
Bishop Hamilton fold his : interested
audience that he brought to them
greeting* from the great annual gath
erings now being held beyond the Mis
sissippi, and so far as the influence of
the Methodist Episcopal church was
concerned he said that they had pever
come to perfectly, appreciate their
greatness until the ceremonies attend
ing' the centcnery of Wesley when
they heard .people speak of them as
they had never dared speak of them
selves. He ¦ made the statement that
the offerings of the missionary societies
-alone for the present year amounted to
S2.5S9.630 56.
• The annual address was delivered by
the Bishop, who received an ovation as
he arose, to address the great gather
ing of church men {and women. Bishop
Hamilton said he was there with his
travel -stained garments, having come
directly from his mission to the Board
of Bishops, which deliberated at Rock
Inland, IM., and aJso from the confer
ence of church extension work at Kan
sas City and the missionary convention
&\ Omaha.
• -Bishop John W. Hamilton, LL. D..
arrived in San Francisco last night
from the missionary conference at
Omaha to attend the annual banquet
of the San Francisco Church Extension
of 4ho Methodist Episcopal
church, at Plmpson Memorial Church.
Prior to the banquet Bishop and Mrs.
Hamilton held a reception, which was
attended by many hundreds. At the
.tahlips later fully 500 sat. down to a
sumptuous repast.
BARS LUXURIES
AT COUNTY JAIL
FRESNO, Dec. 3.— Antone Mattos, a
well-to-do Italian farmer, assaulted- his
wife to-day at the Pacific Coast Pack
ing-house and threw, a powder in her
face with the alleged intention of
blinding her. The assault was made in
the presence of a big crowd of people
just at the noon hour at the packing
house. By good fortune only a little of
the powder struck her in the face and
she was' injured very slightly. 'Mattos
denies there was anything in the paper
he threw at his wife at all.
Several months ago Mattos' wife
called in the aid of officers to protect
her from the assaults of her husband,
who was beating her and threatening
to kill her. The trouble was adjusted
at that time, but the next night he
again attacked her and neighbors in
terfered and beat him severely.
_ Mrs. Mattos finding herself unable to
"endure his'cruelty left him, and she and
her children have since earned their
'own- living In the 'packing-houses by
hard labor. She began suit for divorce
several weeks, ago. According to the
eldest daughter Mattos went to the
packing-house purposely to quarrel
with his wife this. morning. The daugh
ter herself swore to a warrant for her
father's arrest, charging him simply
with disturbing the peace.
#.H"H"H"I"l":"I"l"W-I"M"l-M"l"l"I-»
Special Dlsfcatch • to The Call.
WILL DISCIPLINE
NOISY BOOSTERS
LEWES, Del.. Dec. 3.— The Swedish
ship -Dharwar, with a cargo of matting
from Hongkong for New York, is
ashore a few miles from Ocean City,
Md. The main 'topmast has been car
ried away. It is feared the vessel will
be a total wreck, as a heavy sea is run
ning and the wind is blowing thirty
five miles an hour. The North Beach
life savers have been unable to launch
a lifeboat to rescue the crew. The
wrecking steamer North America has
left the Delaware breakwater to go to
the assistance of tbte ship.
Five members of the crew of the
Dharwar came ashore in one of the
ship's boats. The remainder of the
crew, eleven in number, and a woman
and two children are still on the vessel.
The Dharwar is hard aground.
Governor Pardee has authorized the
offer of a reward of $200 for the arrest
of Kiniry.
"This is not the only time Officer
Smith had shown his splendid courdge
and intrepid heroism, and it can ; be
truthfully said that he was an honest,
contentious and efficient officer, who
died in the performance of his duty.
Respectfully yours,
"S. C. HODGKINS.
"Chief of Police."
'To the Honorable Board of Police
and Fire Commissioners of the City of
Oakland. Cal.— Gentlemen: I deeply re-
Bret having to report to your honorable
body the death of regular Police Officer
James H. Smith, who died November
21, 1903. Officer Smith was one of ten
officers detailed in citizen's clothes to
patrol the Lakeside district, with in
structions to arrest all suspicious char
acters whom he might meet.
"On the evening of Friday, Novem
ber 27, he met at Fourteenth and Jack
son streets two strangers, whom he ac
costed. Upon being questioned they
failed to answer him satisfactorily. He
told them they must go with him to
police headquarters. Immediately one
of them (David Kiniry) him. The
courageous officer then showed his
heroism by nobly standing his ground,
and although mortally wounded shot
and killed the 'pal* of the burglar who
shot him.
. The police have no information con
cerning the whereabouts of David
Kiniry, the murderer of Patrolman
James H. Smith. On this the sixth
day after the shooting the police say
they have not landed a clew nor a
(race to the fugitive. The best the de
partment had to offer to-day was evi
dence that Kiniry and his dead com
panion, Frank Goldctein, had nob con
fined their b'urglarious operations to
Oakland.
Among the odds and ends left behind
in the room occupied by Kiniry at the
Steadman residence, 1362 Grove street,
were a lot of silver half-dimes and a
heavy gold pocket pencil. The former
have been identified by J. B. Miller,
whose residence, 1346 McAllister street,
San Francisco, was ransacked the night
of October 16. W. Wolfe, residing at
1312 Washington street, San Francisco,
has identified the pencil as among the
plunder that burglars carried from his
home five or six weeks ago.
This convinces the police that the
pair were active in their criminal move
ments and equally speedy in disposing
of their loot. That Kiniry got the ma
jor portion of the proceeds is also a po
lice theory.
The Board of Police and Fire Com
missioners has born officially advised
of the death of Policeman Smith by
the following communication from the
Chief of Police:
"OAKLAND, Cal.. Dec. 3, 1903.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Dec. 3.
"Thls system of education wisely ad
ministered is In my judgment the final
cause of American manhood. But if
we are going to 4 . have high walls built
around us and let tyrants rule aiter
our independence and character has
been secured, then our system will be
absolutely useless. The purpose of edu
cation is to equip us with those ele
ments of thrift and economy and en
ergy that. will fit us for a battle with
the world. t
"But we can't do- this thing altogether
in the universities. We must begin In
the lower schools. And unless we begin
early and stimulate the youth of tlxlm
generation there will surely, be a de
cline. The future will trace the fall of
our empire, and it will be signalized by
the withdrawal of opportunities for
young men and the overcrowding of
the professions and trades.
"Now, I believe in higher education.
I hear some people say that the univer
sity is seeking to establish an arrs^
tocracy of learning. But* I would have
this understood— that all occupations
are honorable. It is not for us to sneer
at them, let them be what they may.
I believe in this university because it
teaches men honorable labor— to go
into the fields and work and kill moths
and the things that would ravage our
crops. This university is doing a great
work for that reason. . It is teaching the
roots of the soil as well as the roots of
Greek. And we can live on the joots of
the soil, but not on the Greek roots.
"There are a good many sentimental
obstacles put in the way of the educa
tion of the American youth nowadays.
The time was when we were proud of
men who sprang from .the L hardy occu
pation's, which built up that character
that gave them leadership. Those men
were the men of their time. They had
the saving quality of what is some
times called 'horse sense.' There were
never any classes in those days. It was
never intended that, there uhould be
any classification of American citizens.
This modern idea of class was import
ed from Europe. You can't pick up a
paper now but that you see something
about the demands of labor, as if labor
is the only one of the classes. I've ob-"
served this about these classes— that
there is a Bet determination to prevent
a man from escaping them. That's
wh..t is going to impair our American
ingenuity and enterprise unless philoso
phy and common sense come to our
rescue. We don't want any class un
less it be the noble.
"These are subjects on which; the
school system should induce its stu
dents to think. It is not for us to re
main idle and indifferent, but to do
just as the generation before us did.
These things came to us from a past
generation, and it is for us to think
about them."
Colonel John P. Irish delivered an ad
dress before the College of Commerce
Club this evening in Stiles, Hall on
"The Effect of 'bur System of Educa
tion Upon the ; American Commercial
Genius." The', speaker said it remains
for the school system to send thinking
men into the world, men of .character,
who will be armed with the ability to
turn, the American people from their
prejudices and the class* dominations
that have lately . sprung up, otherwise
American character and ingenuity will
decline. In part he said : -
Berkeley Office San Francisco Ca]
2148 Center Street, Dec. 3.
YOUNG PEOPLE
DISCUSS MISSIONS
The resolution provides that each
State, Territory and the District of
Columbia be entitled to four delegates
at large and one for each 10.000 voters
or majority fraction thereof casting"
their ballots for the Republican Elect
ors in the preceding Presidential elec
tion.
PROVIDENCE, R. I.. Dec. 3. -A" plan
under which the representation from
the Southern States in the National
Republican Convention would be de
creased and that of the North added to
is proposed by Charles R. Brayton,
member of the Republican national
committee from Rhode Island . and
party leader in this State.
General Brayton has Bent a letter to
each member of the national commit
tee, accompanied "by a resolution which
he will report to that body a.t Wash
ington on December u, recommending
a change, in the present basis of. rep
resentation in the convention, which
would more nearly represent the Re
publican voting strength of the dlfi
ferent States.
Sishop Hamilton Tells of
. City's Chance for Con
vention.
Evidence Found Shows, the
Thieves Operated in
San Francisco.
Tells University Men Th
Thinker3 Must Solve
Problems.
¦ ' ' ' '
Plan Proposed Would Lessen
the Representation From
the South.
Daughter Swears to a Com
plaint for the Father's
,. Arrest.
Declared Mineral-
Bearing.
round in Controversy Is
Portion of the Crew Manages
to Reach Land in One of
the Small Boats.
_ >.
Republican Leader Sug
gests Change in ihe
Allotment.
Dharwar Goes Ashore
a Few Miles From
Ocean City.
Colonel John P. Iris!
Pleads for Broad
Education.
* - '¦ ¦»¦•'¦ . *
Farmer Accused of Hav
ing Tried- to Blind
Spouse.
Millions the Offerings
of the Missionary '
% Societies.
Elusive Fugitive Suc
ceeds in Keeping
Under Cover.
Harrison , Gulch Town
site "Litigation Con
1} eluded.
BIG SUMS GIVEN
TO CHURCH WORK
PREPARING CALL
FOR CONVENTION
SWEDISH SHIP
HARD AGROUND
POLICE AT SEA
IN KILl CHASE
CLAIM OWNERS
WIN THEIR SUIT
CLASS DIVISIONS
HARM SOCIETY
FLINGS POWDER
INTO WIFE'S EYES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY. DECEMBER 4, ,1903.
CHICAGO. Dec. 3. — James A. P*ullenweider.
the lawyer who was shot last night by one of
tw.i men who attempted to rob him, dledte
ni«ht.-
Farmer round Dead in Bed.
OAKLAND, Dec. 3.— James Fields., a
farmer, 70 years, old, was - : found::dead
in bed this morning-by his wife at his
home in San Leandro.
W\ C HINGTON. Dec. 3. — A committee repre
senting Po*t a - G. A. Tl., of the Department
of Pennsylvania, to-day Invited the President
to deliver the principal address on the Q«tty<»
nuris battlefield next Memorial day. Maj 30.
1004 President Rocsevelt informed th« com
mittee that he would accept.
BAN ¦ MATEO. Dec. ' 3.— At the annual elee
tlon of the Volunteer Fire Department the fol
lowing officers were chosen: Chief, J. II'
Flynn; assistant 'chief, S. G. Good hue Jr.; sec
retary,, Frank Borges. :+ Geornre A. Bartlett, who
ha« served as chief for the last five years, de
«Uaed to stand for re-election.
CHICAGO. Dec. 3.— Frederick* Drew, 1
superintendsnt of the Chicago' and
Great Lakes Dredging and. Dock Com
pany, was struck; by. a suburban train
to-day and killed. His fortune, is said
to be close to the million mark. H.
Clydon, president of the same " com
pany, died of heart failure a week
age*
Millionaire Is Killed by a Train.
¦PARI 13 Deo 3 - — Th* so-called ' Baron de
\fl«-ls»-aYd ari Count de Warren ww to-day
found guilty of Inciting natnors to debauchery.
T"aeh was sentenced to sfct months' Imprison
ment and to deprivation of civil rights for *
period of five year*. .
4Major Kendall, commanding officer of
the Presidio General Hospital, was the
first witness called upon, as he is to
leave for the East Saturday. The com
manding officer highly^ commended the
action of Private Anderson, who brave
ly rushed to the lieutenant's aid when
the burly negro shoved a 44-caliber
Colt's revolver in Edger*s face and en
deavored to discharee it. Despite his
own danger, Anderson probably saved
the life of the lieutenant by his timely
assistance. Unarmed, he grappled with
Edger's assailant and succeeded in pre
venting him from carrying out his mur
derous Intent. The' case was not con
cluded.
The court-martial of Private Clark
Magee, the negro soldier who attempted
to kill Lieutenant Benjamin J. Edger,
executive officer of the Presidio Gen
eral,Hospital on November 20, was re
sumed yesterday.
Clark Magee, Who Attempted to Kill
Lieutenant Edger, Is Before
Court-Martial.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Dec. 3.—
At a meeting of the English Club held
last night .the following officers were
elected for next semester: President,
H. R. Johnson, '04; vice president. Miss
P. L- Kimball, '04; secretary- treasurer,
K. R. May, '05. The English Club num
bers among its members the' most
prominent people in Stanford and has
achieved considerable prominence, par
ticularly In; connection with their pro
duction of the Elizabethan play "The
Knight of the Burning Pestle." : •
* Membership is not confined to stu
dents registered in the English depart
ment. ' Johnson, who has 'been honored
with the presidency, is a geology major,,
but has been very prominent in college
literary and dramatic circles. He is
also a member of the Geological Society
and of the Delta Upsilon fraternity.
English Club Elects Officers.
San Francisco— H. F. Baird. at the Im
perial; T. Gaentle. at the Gllsey House;
M. D. Garrett, at the Nav.arre; J. J."
Gottlob and wife, at the Gregorian; E.-
Smith, at the Gllsey House; Miss A.
Deming and Mrs. M. J. N." Moore at
the Manhattan, and P. C." Dlbert, at
the Imperial.
From Santa Clara— W. J. Fosgate. at
the Grand.
From Los Angeles— Miss .M. Hodker
and Mrs. J. B. Hooker, at the West
minster; W. W. King and wife, at tho
Herald Square; A. H. Partridge, at the
Grand Union, and E. S. Tanner, at the
Herald Square. *
California, arrived at the Palace yes
terday.
T. L. Oddie, manager of the Tonopah
Mining Company, who* wej married
yesterday in Nevada, arrived "In the
city with his bride last evening. They
are registered at the Palace.
G. B. Ocheltree, who recently re
signed the position of local freight
agent of the Southern Pacific Company
In Los Angeles, arrived In this city
yesterday and Is at the Palace. •
S. A. Perkins, proprietor of the Ta
coma Daily Ledger and a, number of
other papers In the Northwest, accom
panied by Frank Reeves, a newspaper
man of London, arrived at the Palace
yesterday.
Following closely on the news from
Chicago Sunday of .the death there of
H. R. Deering. assistant general pas
senger agent of the Pennsylvania lines,
who was well known, here, came a tele
gram yesterday stating that C. L. KJm
ball, formerly assistant general pas
senger agent of the road in Cleveland,
has been appointed to the vacancy Id
Livery Stable Keepers at Outs.
Thomas J. "Madisan. who claims to
own an interest in a livery stable at
122 Grove. street, sued J. F. Crowley
and D. J. 6'Neil. his partners, yester
day for an accounting, claiming that
they have prevented him from enjoy
ing the proceeds of the business.
Pending the trial of the su'.t the busi
ness will be In charge of Chester Wea
ver, a receiver appointed by the court
upon filing of. the complaint.
' California Calendars." poppy, poinset
tla. • redwood, burnt wood, yucca,' eta.
now on sole. Sanboro, Vail & Co. * -
Calif ornians in Hew York.
NEW TORK,,Dec 3.— Th^ following
aliforaians are in New York: From
COLORED SOLDIER BEING
TBIEB AT THE PRESIDIO
For passing a $10 Confederate note
on Frawley & Kelleher, grocers. 216
Grant avenue. John Keogh will be sen
tenced to-day by Judge Mogan. He
obtained 50 cents' worth of drinks and
$9 50 cash for the worthless bit of pa
per.
Harry Kelly is the defendant in Judge
Conlan's court on a number of charges
similar to that against Keogh. Kelly;
confined his operations to the "Western
Addition, where many grocerymen
gave whisky and good money for $20
"Confeds."
Mrs. Muir, the professional fortune
teller, whose husband was incarcerated
for assaulting a policeman whom she
had enlisted to protect her from him,
informed Judge Cabaniss yesterday
that she suspected her spouse is of un
sound mind. To find out whether her
suspicion Is correct or unfounded, his
Honor continued the case against Muir
until this morning.
"When Judge Cabaniss was Informed
of Mrs. Mulr*s occupation he expressed
surprise that a lady of her putative
power to analyze the human thinking
apparatus should be at all doubtful of
the mental condition of a person to
whom she is so closely related as the
defendant.
"She only suspects he is insane," said
the JudeTe. "Now, in my opinion . an
adept seeress should be like Caesar's
wife — above suspicion."
J. R. McDonald, a glassworker, re
siding at 337 Bryant street, was ine
briated Wednesday night, when he took
a hack ride from Eddy street to Jessie
street with Thomas Conroy, a clerk In
a Fourteenth street grocery. Nor was
Mr. McDonald quite free from Inebriety
when he subsequently Informed Police
man Norman F. Dunn that while he
was riding with Conroy the latter had
robbed him of 532. The policeman was
In duty bound to hearken to his com
plaint and take Conroy into custody.
But when McDonald appeared in the
court of Judge Cabaniss yesterday
morning he was duly sober and sorry
that he had accused Conroy of such a
serious offense as grand larceny. "I'm
quite sure Conroy did not rob me.
Judge," he said, "and I have no Idea
of how I lost the money."
With his good name thus unequivo
cally vindicated, Conroy departed from
durance.
Tom Ayabe, one of the most disrepu
table looking Japs that ever posed in a
Police Court, stood up before Judge
Mogan while severalof his compatriots
told how he had stationed himself in
Ross alley and literally "stood them
up" for alms. They said , that when
begging failed to bring the desired con
tribution Ayabe grabbed and held them
JAMESTOWN, Dec. 3.— In a fit of
despondency last night Mrs. Ann Mor
ris took a dose of strychnine, dying in
side of forty minutes. She came out
"from Ireland two years ago to become
the bride of W. L. Morris of this place.
Despondent Woman Ends Life.
Edward Jones was arraigned before
Judge Mogan on a charge of attempt
to commit burglary, but his Honor con
sumed just about two minutes in con
vincing himself that the defendant was
a fitter subject for a lunatic asylum
than for a jail.
The man Is a confirmed user of mor
phine and his brain evidently was sat
urated with the influence of the drug
last Wednesday night, when he was
found trying to force an entrance to
the dwelling of Gus Thumberg. at 678
Ninth avenue, and yelling lustily for
help. To the policeman who responded
to his cries the madman shouted, "The
house is on fire and all my folks are
burning up!" and when he was taken
away hta agonized screams startled the
neigh bornood.
He will be examined by the Insanity
Commission.
Miss Florence Porter occupied an
apartment at the Havana until her
mother, Mrs. Margaret Rice, returned
from a visit to Tacozna, and when
Mrs. Rice went to get her daughter's
trunk and have it removed to her own
dwelling she was informed that the
receptacle would not be given up until
a certain damaged bed was paid
for. Mrs. Rice applied for an order of
court compelling release of the trunk,
and a special attorney retained by the
hotel folk opposed the application on
the ground that the rules and regula
tions of the hostelry, which are con
spicuously posted in oach room, spe
cifically and emphatically state that all
property injured by tenants must be
paid for by them, and that in default
of such payment the baggage of the
person Involved will be held.
Then the court produced the Civil
Code of California and proved by quot
ing one of its provisions relating to
rights of landlords and tenants that thi*
rules and regulations of the Havana
Hotel conflicted with the letter and
spirit thereof. Whereupon the order of
release was issued to Mrs. Rice.
There was a clash of authorities In
Judge Cabaniss' court that resulted in
the triumphant vindication of the Cali
fornia Statutes as conflicting with the
codified rules and regulations of the
Havana Hotel on Mission street.
SANTA CLARA, Dec. 3.— William K.
Francke, a pfoneer in the beet sugar
industry in Germany, and for twenty-
Hsht year* bookkeeper for the Eber
hard Tanning Company at this place.
\vtt«se <*eath occurred Tuesday, was
burted to-day at Cypress Lawn Ceme
tery. One hundred employes of the Eb
f rhard Tanning Company attended the
F^rvices. J. J. Sontheimer of San Jose
;rave an address. Mr. Francke was one
(: f the first to make sugar from beets.
He was well to do and invested his
fortune in the industry, but political
renditions in Germany were unfavor
able to the enterprise and he was un
successful. He was afterward a cotton
broker in Texas, coming to California
about thirty years ago. He was a na
tive of Germany aged 71 years.
Well-Known Santa Claran Dead.
"How did you happen to see him the
second time?" inquired the court, gaz
ing in awe at Henry's jet visage.
"I didn't see him," was the reply; "I
heard him snore."
Henry was given back 520 of his ball
money.
When the case of Henry Brown,
charged with drunkenness,- was called
in Mogan's court there was no response
from the defendant, and when his
Honor was Informed that Henry was
a colored soldier and had deposited 525
as bail for his appearance there was
expression of wonder as to where he
could be.
"See if you can find him. Mr. Bailiff,"
said the Judge, "for I don't think he
would willfully forfeit $25 rather than
face trial for simple drunk."
A few minutes later Henry entered
the courtroom under escort, and his
complexion substantiated the explana
tion of his non-appearance when first
called.
"He was asleep in a corner of a cell
in which the light Is rather dim," said
the court officer, "and he is to black
that I did not see him the first time I
peered into the cell."
"What do you break glass for?",elic
ited no answer from the woman, but
when asked how long she had been im
prisoned for her last offense, she
promptly rerlied "Six months."
'Then take six more." said the Judge,
and she was led away to take them.
Emma Miller was both frowzled and
defiant as she loomed before Judge
Conlan and heard a charge of willful
destruction of property read by the
clerk. The complaint stated that she
had maliciously smashed two panes of
plate glass and two large glass globes
in the window of Gates' drug store at
New Montgnmery and Howard streets.
"You have been punished for window
smashing before, have you not?" in
quired the Court.
"Yes," was Emma's sullen reply.
In defense of his markmanship, Komi
stated that Just as he Jerked the trig
ger the dog obtruded its carcass be
tween the muzzle of his rifle and a
target at which he was aiming and that
he had no intention of killing the ani
mal. On the other hand, it was shown
that unless Komi could not hit a barn
door at ten paces he could not acciden
tally have shot the dog.
The court took the prosecution's view
of the question of intent, and Komi will
be sentenced to-day.
Miss Grace Vaughan's pet spaniel.,
nine months old and pretty as a pic
ture, ran»into a Grant-avenue shooting
gallery Wednesday afternoon and while
prowling around between the butts and
the targets received a bullet from a
rifle In the hands of K. Komi, a Jap
anese youth, who proudly proclaimed
to all whom it might concern In Judge
Mogan's courtroom that he was a
Christian. The shot was fatal, and
Miss Vaughan had Komi arrested be
cause she believed that he willfully
aimed at her net.
"I, of course, have been aware that
opium was getting inside the prison.
I don't blame the fellows from receiving
It once it was in, but what I wanted
to find out was where it came from and
who was doing the outside work. I be
lieve I now have the right ciew and
will salt some people pretty soon for
their work.
"I will try to convict the three. The
opium has been planted for some time.
Ortega knew where it was and told
Hernandez to. get it. Hernandez was
dilatory, as facts show, and Ortega im
pressed him with the idea of getting it
quickly. The three Mexicans are
short termers. Ortega is here for life,
so we cannpt increase his term of servi
tude, but I believe I can make him're
frain from further infringement of
prison rules. During his work on the
road Hernandez found the dope and
placed It under the table. I don't be
lieve Baconora knew of it until he dis
covered it when at table."
When once inside the walls, Her
nandez reclaimed the five sacks, re
warding his helpers by giving them
twenty-five sacks of tobacco for their
trouble. Hernandez kept one sack and
sold the balance to Ortega. Ortega did
the distributing. He so thoroughly
eluded detection that he got rid of all
four sacks and no trace of it has as
yet been discovered- Hernandez was
not so fortunate. . He was found out
before he sold any of his share of the
dope. Warden. Tompkins. In speaking
of the affair to-night,' said:
SALE OF THE DRUG.
Opium has been smuggled into San
Quentin for many years and only a
short time ago a large quantity was
confiscated. Yesterday, however, it
was discovered that over fifty ounces
had been smuggled inside the walls
within the past few weeks. From a
rigid examination by Warden Tomp
kins and the far-reaching investigation
of Captain Russell five inmates were
suspected. Through facts thus gleaned
Captain Harrison of the yard was en
abled to locate some of the "dope" in
the cell of Hernandez. Warden Tomp
kins then took up the matter person
ally and not only obtained the opium
but discovered a large knife secreted
in Hernandez's mattress. '
By this damaging evidence and by
other means Hernandez was made to
confess. He told how much opium had
been distributed, where it had been ob
tained and all other minor details of
the crime! Hernandez .1 would not
"peach" on his confederates,, yet the
following facts have" come to • light:
Hernandez, Gonzales and Baconora be
long to the road gang of convicts who
are engaged in building a road near
Greenbrae. About - two weeks ago,
while the gang of twenty were at din
ner, Baconora found under the table a
box containing five two-ounce tobacco
sacks. He told Hernandez of the find,
but Hernandez told him to keep still.
Later he made a compact whereby Ba
conora was to hide two sacks, Gonzales
two sacks and he (Hernandez) one.
The sacks were hidden In their shirts
until they passed "search guards" at
the prison gates.
"DOPE" IN THE CELLS.
SAN RAFAEL, Dec 3.— The opium
industry which has flourished in San
Quentin prison for the past several
months Is about to be materially cur
tailed, if not absolutely abolished.
Through the untiring efforts of War
den Tompkins, Captain Russell and
some of the others, the ring leaders of
a gang which has been earning on
the business have been found out. As
a result, this afternoon three of the
men were arrested and will be tried
on felony charges.
The three who must stand trial are
Aloysius Hernandez, R. M. Gonzales
and Manuel Baconora, three Mexicans.
The real arch conspirator of the gang
is Jack Ortega, the' prize fighter, who
is doing a life term in prison. Ortega,
however, owing to his having to wear
prison garb for life, will not be tried,
yet he will in no way be exempt from
punishment. He is at present in a
dungeon and will most probably be
sentenced to remain the balance of his
days in Incorrigible cells.
Sp*d«J Dispatch to Th* CaJl.
The Flora is a twin screw cruiser of
the second class, 4300 tons, and was
commissioned in 1902. She was com
manded by Captain C. J. Baker.
mination.
At last advices from the scene of the
trouble the entire stern of the Flora
is : submerged and several hundred tons
of coal, with other supplies, are being
hastiry removed in order to facilitate
efforts to float the ship at the rising
of the tide. There is, however, no great
confidence in this being accomplished,
as the ship appears to be a fixture and
filling very rapidly, while her position
ur>on the reef makes the danger of
breakage very serious.
'Admiral BickTord of the North Pa
cific stjuadrcn arrived this evening at
the wreck. The warship was driven
•high en the rocks at almost the lowest
ttase cf the tide, immediately listing
over at "a sharp angle, with her bow
.far but cf.the water and her stern fully
te> feet submerged, the position s>elng
'a most dangerous one. although the ex
act nature and extent of the Injuries
received are as yet impossible cf deter-
A dense fog prevailed at the time of
the disaster, and in the beclouded at
mosphere the navigating officer is eald
to have mistaken his beacons with un
fortunate results. The Flora at latest
reports from the scene is half full of
water and grave fears are entertained
that the will prove a total loss. Late
this afternoon a steamer Just arrived
from the scene of the disaster brought
r.e^s that It will be a miracle if the
vessel is saved.
VANCOUVER, B. C. Dec 3.— While
en her way to Vancouver from Union
Bay, Vancouver Island, H. M. S. Flora
ftt 7 o'clock this morning piled up on
the identical rock at Village Point,
Denman Island, which held the big col
lier "Willamette prisoner for nine
months some three years ago.
Ep«dfd Ptsgatch to Th* Otil.
rears Are Entertained That the
Cruiser Will Go to Pieces
Before She Can Be
Floated.
Warden of the Institution
Vigorously to Break Up the Traf
fic and Meets With Early
Success.
Reck the Same Upon Which
the Collier Willamette
Was Lost.
Three Convicts Arrested to
Be Tried on Felony
Charges.
while he substituted threats for ap
peals. He was held for further investi
gation. . V
Mary Xeustader, a dashing young
woman, who informed the court that
she resides on Bush street and has no
settled occupation, went -a-slumming
in the vicinity of Fourth and Folsom
streets with several casual male ac
quaintances night before last, and after
the party had visited five saloons and
partaken freely of liquid refreshments
Miss Neustader was in such a hilarious
condition that a policeman considered
her arrest essential to the preservation
of peace. She was in a penitent mood
as she faced Judge Mogan yesterday
morning, and said that she did not
know the name of a single one of her
roystering "gentlemen friends" and had
never seen any of them until they met
her on Sutter street and cordially in
vited her to accompany them. :
As It was the woman's first appear
ance In a San Francisco Police Court
the Judge dismissed her, with a word
of caution as to how she should ireat
"gents" who meet strange women on
the/streets and invite them to go
a-slumming.
British Vessel Flora Is
Wrecked on Denman
Island.
If the handwriting: on the wall In
an empty upper flat numbered 60 Wal
ler street can be positively identified
as that of Mrs. William Weissgerber,
who recently occupied the premises,
that lady Is likely to be punished for
malicious mischief. She was before Po
lice Judge Fritz yesterday morning on
complant of V. Simi, an Italian, who
owns the flat in auestion and dwells
in the one underneath it, and tha bur
dan of his grievance was that she, in
retaliation for having her rent raised
by him. penciled libelous legends on
the Interior walls and then movei out.
Among the Inscriptions alleged by Sig
ner Elml were:
"This Is a cold house."
"Beware af rats and mice and the
dago downstairs."
"Dcn't rent this house. The daga will
drive you to the booby hatch."
"This is a bum joint."
"The house is full of rats and mice
and jrarlic and dagoes."
All of which. Signor Siml averred,
were written with Intent to damage
him pecuniarily by scaring away per
sons who might inspect the flat with
a view to renting if it should be found
suitable.
Mrs. Weissgerber denied the im
peachment, but did candidly acknowl
edge a feeling of aversion to Signor
Simi because he" had suddenly "raised
her out." When the complainant was
asked to prove that the offending senti
ments were written by the hand of
Sirs. Weissgerber, he confessed inabil
ity to do so* by producing samples of
the lady's chirography. Then the Judge
decided to continue the case until he
could visit the flat, examine the de
filed walls and by comparison of the
penciled warnings with specimens at
Mrs. Weissgerber's penmanship as
certain beyond a shadow of reasonable
doubt whether she did or did not com
mit the defilement.
In this delicate task the court will
be aided by Expert Kytka.
San Quentin Officials
Uncover Smugglers'
Plans.
Has Former Woman Tenant Arrested on a Charge of
Writing Offensive Legends and Police Judge
Fritz Will Employ Chirographic Experts in'Case
MAN-OF-WAR
RUNS ASHORE
IN THE FOG
OPIUM GANG
DISCOVERED
IN A PRISON
LANDLORD RAISES RENT OF FLAT
AND WARNINGS APPEAR ON WALL
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, FRIDAY; DECEMBERS 4/1903.
Keep cool In summer and warm in win
ter by using pas for fuel. You can have
the house hot or cold in a' few moments.
We sell ranges and heaters. - San Fran
cisco Gaa and Electric Co.; 415 Post st. •
D. L. Beard, an attorney of Napa, Is
at the California. *
[ G. R. "Wisdom, a lumberman of Mc-
Cloud, is at the Palace.
W. TV Smith, a mining man . of Elko,
Ney., Is at the Palace.
Dr. Edward 8. Mqulton of JJew
Haven is at the Lick.
Dr. -B. "Williams of Fresno registered
at the Lick yesterday.
George. TV. Strohle, a vineyardlst of
Napa; is at the Grand.
Dr. J. ;W. Robertson and wife of
Llvermore are at the California.
C. A. Canfleld and H. P. Anderson,
oil men of Los Angreles, are at the Pal
ace.; '/./." '..'
Commander TV. S. Hughes, U. S. N.,
stationed at Angel Island, is at the
California^ -- ¦ ¦
; O. T. "Woodward, a wealthy rancher
arid owner.of the greater part cf Wood
ward Island. Is staying at the Grand.
; Attorney Bert Schlesinger, leaves to
day for St. Louis and Cincinnati on
legal business.,,. His wife, .will accom
pany him as far as Denver.
• Rev. :J.wWilbur ? Chapman,- a prom
inent (evangelist of; the East, .who has
been holding conferences in Southern
PERSONAL MENTION.
The negro -will in all probability be
sentenced to life Imprisonment at one
of the military prisons.
5
MTW ADVZBTISEMENTS.
: A FOFITLAH LAJHESTT.
" VThcr* 'Would Society Be If On* Was
. . ' . JtoOfired for tire Slas of Others?
•"Oh. I tried one of those hair tonics
•seine time ago and It never did me a bit
• of «ood."
•. • That's what many people are saying:
to-day when they refuse Herpicide a
- trial.
:It would be a* sensible to say. "I never
¦ travel on a railroad because I often see
• collisions mentioned In the papers."
• . N<?wbro*s Herpicide is specially made
to destroy the germ that Is living on the
roots cf your hair.
That is why it is so exceedingly eSca-
'. ." ci'ous — it Is there for the sole purpose
of ridding the hair of this parasitic
jrrowth. after which the hair grows as
nature Intended.
Sold by leading druggists. Send 10
cnts in stamps for sample to The Her-
Ficide Co.. Detroit. Mich.
CASTOR I A
For Infants and Children.
y The Kind Yon Have Always Bought
Bears the 'ST? ZZ$&+r0?
©Vim. Vigor. Vitality for Men
MORMON BISHOP'S PILL*
hue b«*a In use over crt»
yemrs by the leaders of . tb«
ilorrr.cn Cturch and their
followers. Positively core tn«
worst cases In old and jrouoc
arlsins from eCects of s«lr-
atmse. clUdpation. excesses or
cigarette tacking. Curs Lost
Manhood.* Irapotency. Lost
Power. NiKht Losses. Insom-
ri. Pains in Back. Eril Desires. Lam* Back.
• .N«tvuiu Debility. Headache, usfitaess to Mar-
* ry'. Lot* of Bercetu m— f^ Varlcocele or Con-
stipation. Step Ner O %J voaa Twitchlns; of
Eyelids. Effects are X^m^rm. "^mediate. Impart
vlior -sn<I poteno cc '* rs to every function.
• Dent *et despondent, a cure is at hand. R«-
ctore small, undeveloped crptr.s. Stimulate
the brain and nerve centers; 60c a box; 6 for
. S3 50 fcy mail. A written guarantee to curs or
:• -inortey refunded with 8 boxes. Circulars free.
Address BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 Ellis St..
Can - Francisco. Cat. GRANT DBCG CO.. &*
acd 40 Tfclrd «t.
Q^V^^^.^^.^s.^'^^'C^^B
DR. JORDAN'S great 6
Museum of ahatohy>
\ . Cf The L*rj «t AMWifil Xatn in tit \
4j World. at ii.y cofarmcted Q
O lESJ -pc=« :» cs tSe CcUi E»L jt ycin. O
Q fcSvfl C3 * WRDAH-DISEASES CF HEN 4
¦V a F€d^JI Ccn»uluiio« her aad tuictij printc. \
10 I uVfl TruKmemt penaaalljr er by letter. .A §
C J# M Vf l> ** a ''* V*™ i" crcry cue unceiniea. T
APS HA »rw(-.R-*,PHItO«OPBV»fi
» ' 1 || H a4BRIAl.l:, »:*!LED FKEZ. (XT
A Q IX, v»iu»We book for ml x
¥ CBiOBPiS A CO-.IQS1 Market SJ1..8.F. V
THE JEqiPOBITJM_ j tH ? _ ¦' jBaCTOaiOTjg | THE EMPORIUM i
Tby Sweeper I Special sale goodswdered by mail or I FffipInO .
TO*Day 15C j telephone will not be sent C. O. D. \ MitfffetS •
... . . ,. - _ _ Close engagement
Works as perfectly as *y/?* tf 0 - m with us to-morrow.
tne sweeper mother '?£' S7* ~ ~w JL" ~ Smallest livin? Deonle
•putaS te CM* Jf ¦- jggagrtagg and
mas, for . • • IOC •j^^j/^j^m^* 1 America's grandest store: ? to 5
Suits and Overcoats at $15.00
gtgs Two Unmaichable Values That the <£^&
f&£wj Big Store Is Now Offering %& **
j|p?y A Man's Suit at $15.00— Of a style and workmanship to set
srfwWitlntl**^ y° u thinking. There's something about these suits J^S"
iinl4n^liii^^L *^ a * raIses e * r va^ ue above clothes usually sold at /jr /$$£S)l
fif'|!il!'IJ%W{fe^^ tnis P rice - It>s the wa >' the y are made, the way they 3 \ 'IM'^J
ft*'-"! ; (I"4$pli3 flt> the way they han2> the way the7>1 ! ho!d ' ,-^C^ \ • - ' /JZM
¦ Iffi li!c*y tlie ' r sha P e> These suits come in fancy 1 '-' t^'&sL
P^^^^7 worsteds and -tweeds; coats either single or ~$e&sZr(l2- ~^w v
• |Bfeifi^^^ double breasted, all sizes • ¦ • $15*00 f>. V%^
RmMlllfpS* Best Ready to Wear Suits $*o.oo and $25.00. %Sfe^~-Sfci( \J hi'.
Wnnil&illHWinl \ U '^* n '* ne Overcoat! $15.00— And wonerfnlly good coaa ih-r V'tiu » \
Up iilnl\llulMn\\ I trc for the money; m»de of ftliricj chosen for the terrice they J) \* %
Kill illlil'HUillilUV \\\ w *'* *' Te tni taJorecl wIt k more t^ 3aa ussal attention to th; /^wv' \ 1
fin ™M'Hmlwi\ \\ KttIe dsra31 - The 6' 3 » c » in our $i£-co oT-rtcatj include <3^l'i \
'In illalri UwWWWW high dtsi cheyiott, Thibets, Kerteyi aad fancy effects. Both /$ 1\
I'i ¦ jm\"\i \\\a\\ \u\\\\ medium and extra length! an* the bel:sd bick effect!. Qaili- \< I
I'*' yili'tl aSulV'uU tiei that cannot be equaled b the city & 4 £S M%£% f-Jf -^-^^^ \ \
I rMlhHuI'WVJ nowfor *lS.ooor Jso.co, here#br. . .%pi%Jm%MzM ~ V i
1 Ithl^llmw&Mmy Mtn't Finest Overcoats $20.00 tnd $25.00— The newest £uhions in Tarious popnlar |\
1 models. Fine Oifordi, b!act Vicuna* and £incy mixtures; som: with pretty o-»er- '}
ftt'&fel&i ¦iml plaidi. Princely garments these. Both medium and heavy weight), with ipecial jj
v|tilS5ilIiill|!|!r ttlL*. shape-preserving dirices and elegantly trimmed. All arc made with silk reiver col- * £
• ' an » an^ *?«•*! attention his be:n piid to the shaping of th: shoulders, the jetrr-s It,
• ' '^HlJy.'lU**^ of ths collar, the swrep of th; skirt, and they co«t abou: half merchant tailors' TtW
p fC - $20.00 and 525.00
Boys' Overcoats $3.&5 New Winter Waists
Cheaper to buy overcoats at this T^g^ At Reduced PriCCS
price than to pay doctor bills, and ' 7^ • Reduced to close. This season's fabrics and
these are strictly up-to-date over- ft. 5 f styles are undoubtedly the handsomest ever shown,
coats, good length, full swagger and X?? e °* unusua ' interest to women at these
cut, in a rich subdued shade of 0%^^\ new prices. . ;
Oxford gray, velvet collar and n i*\ Wintcr w *" t> of tnd whife striped cotton* vesting,
slash side pockets, all sizes, from II \ \ *"* e p'eated front, fall sleeves tnd pretty tab stocks;
3 to 16 years, to-day and Satur- // wcre $2.75. now - $1.95
day . . . ... . . . .$& m 45 t / A WW*c Cheviot Waists— F<» winter wear; mtny dtinty
\i ia b • a_ a 1 u (K / DOX pleats down front and back- were %z. ca, but we
of .new Zibeline ftbric in Dresden I Vcst ?8 Waists for winter- In red and whtte. bine, tnd
brown, trimmed with silk Military I 1 ? hlte ? nd W«k and whue; .novelty wash fabrfc;
Cordons in front, the back pleated and f i frOn£ mmmcd Wlth tabs ' P earI ba£tons %1< t ""**;
half belted, for little boji v3 to 6 :t - JL r r' „ S 'l^\ ' V ' ,' \J I' $U95 .
jczn .'-. We f%n \ yfi Handsome Vesting Waists— Box pleated fronts; worth
' 9&*W . JSn\-^ every cent of the original price, $5.50, now.^3*25"
Others up to $12.50. C&U Most aU sizes are repr<senUd in above attractive
A Natly Dress Svit— For the boy who Q/ 6 ' items.
wears a vest, in blue serges and cheviots, Mili- Many Skirt Reductions*
tary cut coat, vest and knee pants/sizes for 8 to J 8 -5° S'i^fS $5.00
15 VearS- . «£f? #1/1 l9.5«>^aIkinjSkirts S7.5O
10 years-. ............. &&.UU Walking Skirn S8.5O
Others up to $12.50. J23.50 and J*5 00 Dress Skim ... . . $17*5O
Main Floor. Second Floor.
Men's 5Oc Socks 29c Our Stylish Millinery
Friday and Saturday Only— Seamless, snper 2-thread *% Reduced Prices
cashmere half hose, part of an immense purchase; a New Turbans— Z»behne crown, with velve: facing, and
quantity so large that we secured price concessions cd g e d with fancy braid, finished with pempons and
which enable us to offer these 50c half hose fot this fanc 7 W ™8 1 I <k««y. »tyliih xnulinery, made by oar
<a!e. pair OO- own experienced millinen, that would be good A J9 *%£-
r * Ta i s - up to $7.50; now *p*9"W%j£r
Men's Neckwear-An immense holiday con.ignment Udltf Bab $i«5-Some of thein worth almost double
direct from New York S SWeUeSt producers; all of the thi, price, made of rel^e: and «Ik, trimmed with wings, bird., plane,
late shapes, fabrics, patterns and popular colorings, in- and aigrette*, in a gocd assortment of colors, in- 4l*^% gf% |«"»
eluding the most attractive lines of full sized English Ending yioltt and brown, Talnes up to $15, for np&*%?%3>
iqoares, Ascou and Tecks— neckwear that yon would Special Line Trimmed
expect to pay 75c for; here for 50o Hats— Turbans, felts,
Men'sAustralian Wool Underwear— Pare wool, in nat- !?'" " 4 £ n * ef&e ?' '£
, •• \r- t— i» rr « • . «fiW %X mmmea in tne latest style with
ural, V 1C una, Camel . Hair and scarlet colors; per A^^Jy^_ P 1 *^ ?<"*?<"»> ««««» S
garment. SlmSO mtfk V^^^^a^*^ breMW; and French Milor
Swell Colored Shirts— The popular new patterns, laun. »li '^^^^=>7^ haa L1 nfw , wia :" «j-
dcred bosoms, scparare cufB to m.:ch . . . $U OO StJ^J^LtSS
Men's DreSS Gloves— Only th= best makes, such as V tP52r'i** & with plame*. breast* ar.d aigr«::s, worth
Fowne*\Perrins' and Adler's; kid, dogskin and mocha- \f^ " \\ kom ss -5°" 5io «ch ; &gg Q CZ
* >>^ ,' now on u.: it . . . . %£/ Out M &T %Jr
per pair. . . ........ ... g/.gfl _«* Girls' and Children's <^.
¦^ . -_ - M _ • -_ J to-wsar Hats, assorted shapes and colony ia- •
Boys' Hats and Caps dudin5 white .' the ro^ h Kr - rch " d mooxh
J , _ , _, , A^^^* S= l fslts, TelTet ribbon, braid or cord «nd tanel
Boys' Sailor Caps — Blue, brown or red, embroidered . trimmed, raiue, s 1-75 and £%gs^
with gold pilot wheel or with silk anchor and , <*.oo; r=dnced to . . . . CpOC?
stars; each. . . . . •. $1.00 Wnmon'^ « nO 0 OO A —
Plata Sailor Caps— For boys or girls, in either blue J*O"*G" » TWOSC &&G -
cloth, serge or cheviot, or brown and red cloths; Regularly 35c Pair
each ...... . . 50o Ladies' Imported Real 2-thread Maco Cotton Hose,
spienaia cap tor . . . . ... . .$1.25 an j Saturday only . ... ... . . . 23o
Boys' Soil Hats— In black, brown, nutria and pearl, Main aisle.
with either bound or raw edges ...... -_ -^ «..»»»»
. . . $1.35 and $2.0 o Books Specially Priced
••••*• Half and less than half regular prices for these
7 flfff Af«c books so suitable for Holiday Gifts.
W* %*%*%** #f&^S> MmWlJUUg 2> | n Surnmsr Tims-Being repro- Northward Over the Great lee
Fl*Iday and Saturday " duction of paintings by Robert — By Peary; 2 toU.; regularly
ChotCO Croamory Dinner Wlnt,-Ext« Sauterne ' "*S'*%™ $7. S o; cu, rpedal prior
ButtOr-^^r .izi orR-Jslin,, gallon.. .75O '^^ 98 ° fibt-i i- lh.'BdliffiE
•,<,uarc S the very best and 1,« °° IndUn PictortS-Fac .Imile, of 8,0^^^;*^,
xZ .tare 45C ****-** pabting, and engraring, by E. re^riyTr-S^
MiS HerrU-kew f« . »»^i . | a<4 o ; bo:- W.Denrng; published at f^oo, Twenty Year, of Con^e»-Br
Unteda BUcuit-Zu Zu Oyster- A. V. H. Oln-Genuine, large Tht Life and Death of Mr. «•*»» | 7 .so } our spe«l p«ce
'* -''' »-** J^ftlfl ifflfi
nyrnede or Hunter; bottle .. Cabernet Claret- Old red « be, ',,_„. n.r, *« h num«ro« autograph,,
3 OKgm V on Story of the Pnnctss Des Ursins faces, pofcstly illustrated, wnr-
.... ...... .voo jaooa . ..... .BOO | n S pt In— By Constance Hall; tea by henelf; $*. 50 book for
Main floor ', rear. . a $%. 50 book for. 45c 75c
THE OIBI* EVERYBODY
IS TALKING ABOUT.
JTJST SEE THE FRONT PAGE
OF THE
STTTNITCNG PICTTJBJB EDI-
TION.
NEXT SUNDAYr CALL._ No charge for lettering.your^nameVln
gold on pocketbooks, card-cases, cameras!
traveling sets, trunks, valises, dress suit*
cases or any other fine leather goods "pur
chased at bur store. Sanborn VaU& Go.*'
Washington, Dec. 3.— Tha follow
ing Californians registered to-day: At
the New Willard— A.- Butler and G. M.
Haslett of San Francisco,-; and Mr. and
Mrs. H. Robinson of Los Angeles. 'At
the : RaleIghT-Frahk'*A.*" Jones of Alamo.
ertiesand^carefully. look^into the sit
uation across : the' bay, -'where, since
his last visit here, a' formidable rival
to - the ' Southern : Pacific's ferry and
suburbans service has been established.
Calif ornians in Washington.
At a meeting of General Cass Post,
G. A. R., the following were elected as
officers of the post for the ensuing
term: George W. Arbuckle, comman
der; A. B. Donnelly, senior vice com
mander; James Buttler, junior vice
commander; Ambrose Ferrari, surgeon;
James Massey, chaplain; R. E. Dow
dall, quartermaster; James* H. Riely,
officer of the day (re-elected for the
fourteenth term); Edward Johnson,
officer of the Kuard; Thomas Clifford
and Ambrose Ferrari, delegates to the
State encampment.
Cass Post Elects Officers.
Deputy Fish Commissioner M. Ault
arrested P. Favordora yesterday for
selling drowned \ ducks. It is alleged
that the bodies of the birds had been
cut for the purpose of making it ap
pear; that they had been shot. Favor
dora was ' attempting to sell the birds
in the residence portion of the West
ern Addition. *
Says Ducks Were Drowned.
The visitors were received in,' the
front* hall by the hanorary president
of auxiliaries. Mrs. John F. Merrill,
charmingly gowned In white, etamine.
Those' assisting her were the presidents
cf the hospital board auxiliaries.
Miss Bernie Drown,' president of Aux
iliary No. 1, wore white etamine.
Miss Painter, acting president of
AuxIUary No. 2, or Chrysanthemum
Auxiliary, as it is generally called, wore
a dainty gown of pale blue.'" *
.. AUss^Edn&xDavls, I president , of. the
During both afternoon, and/evening
the Presidio band, which • had "volun
teered its services,* rendered delightful
selections of music In the back draw-;
Ing-riccm.
Owing to the absence of 'Mrs. Crocker
in the Cast some of the more delicate
of the' hangings'.had been removed," but
otherwise', the dCfferent apartments in
the palatial home were .intact. The
rich carvings ; of * the "woodwork, the
magnificent if urnishlhgs "and wall deco
rations,- the'rare old paintings and the
articles of \ virtu ¦ alia . bric/a-brac all
came in for jx great share of attention
and admiration. . / ¦ ' •
fn the main hall : were long tables of
magnificent chrysanthemums, roses and
violets, which " were disposed of for
handsome sums by Mrs. McNear, Mrs.
Lawrence Scott •* and Miss Mary Joss
lyn. In the library, was the raffle table,
in/iharge,;oT Mrs. Augustus Taylor and
Mrs. Walter. Martin. V They had re
ceived liberal donations from many of
the Jeadlnf? j firms , in .town. . Shreve &
Co.-sent '-a -superb /"cut. glass bowl; the
offering from -the -White < House was ' a
fine lAip; : from S16aner&»Co. - came a
large ; Turkish rug; ' the " Nathah-Dohr
mann Company contributed a' beauti
ful vase; B.'Schonwasser.&. Co. gave
a gorgeous -baby^basket; I. Magnin &
Co. sent sprue baby coats; Ned Green
way's offering, 1 a case of Mumm
champagne, and A. M. : Robertson sent
up. a lot of valuable. books. The ladies
did a thriving* business with this .raf
fling .department . and the results were
more than satisfactory-',
In' the; .dlning-rdbjn, .from a richly
viecked table; -light; refreshments were
served, -"VbileOjn" .the / reception-roo'm
dainty punches "and : Ices were.jgrace
fully dispensed by Miss Carolan. and
Miss Kittle. - • —- "
Society and others charitably inclined
thronged the Will H. Crocker residence
yesterday afternoon and evening, and a
handsome sum, was netted for Auxili
ary No. 1 to the Children's Hospital. It
is a most worthy object and deserved
the patronage; accorded it. The entire
lower portion of the spacious residence
was open to the public.
Between the'; reception hours of 3 to 6
o'clock in the afternoon and 8 to 11 in
the evening there v was a constant
stream of patrons, and several hundred
people wandered about the rooms and
gladly opened thejr purses for charity.
Very Httle was t done by way of deco
ration, but; the < floors were carefully
covered, to avoid^ any damage.
Miss Drown in speaking of the affair
said: "We all feel under very, great
obligations to Mr. Crocker, who came
to us with the. offer, of hfcs* home. We
also want to thank the band from the
Presidio, which gave its services gratu
itously, and '-we 'also wish" to thank the
ten officers . of the police force j who bo
very kindly volunteered their; services.-
We have done veryy. well financially
far better than we expected. ': Invthe
afternoon we., took - in .something « like
$300, 'and I think this evening's receipts
will be as great..
"The raflle V table;, was a surprise , to
us, and. we feel under many obligations
to the different friends who gave us
the materials for that table. There are
many tickets outstanding, and whether
they were, sold or not -I am not, able. to
say now. We thank'our friends and the
public' for : the [ kind support - they * have
given" the cause we" are .working for." ¦.
The ladies who had charge the
arrangements were handsomely p.nd
elaborately arrayed in gowns of delicate
light fabrics and presented a very at
tractive picture. ... \
The results of the raffles were as fol
lows: Cut glass bowl, with fork and
spoon, won by Mrs. George Lent; vase,
won by Mr. Phelan; rug, won by Mrs.
William H. Taylor; lamp, won* by Mrs.
Fred W. McNear; lamp shade, won by
Mrs. Austin Tubbs; child's coat, won
by Mrs. Walter Dean; baby's basket,
won by Mrs. Zeile; two books, won by
Mrs. Breeze; case of champagne, won
by J. D. Crockett.
Members of the different auxiliaries
mingled with the crowd and manifested
a spirit M helpfulness throughout the
entire affair."" > ; : -.
Marguerite Auxiliary, correctly termed
Xo. ?., wore a pink and white silk gown
with white lace.
m.'TL,ER. Pa., Dt-c. 3. — The total number
*if oases of typhoid fevpr reported up to-day
Tvas 1143. Thf-re was> one death and several
new caws to-dav. but the belief is general that
the worst Is ovrr.
The matter will probably be put to
a vote, of the Associated Students be
fore the end of the present semester.
It must first be acted upon by the ex
ecutivQ committee and then reported
to the student body as a whole, which
will probably be done' next Wednes
day.
O. A. Wilson, editor of the Dally
Palo Alto, read an extended paper in
favor of the system, covering most of
the material Vuif. has appeared in ths
college . daily and also letters from
Princeton students a'*d others in re
gard to the propose i system, includ
ing one from Dr. Farrand of the Stan
ford history department, who is the
chief exponent of the system, he hav
ing seen it irv operation at Princeton.
Among others who took part in the
discussion pro and con were Captain
Bansbach of the varsity eleven. Cap
tain Ball of the varsity nine, B. P.
Oakford, '02; R. C. McComich, '03;
H. A. Moran, '04; H. P. Kuhn, '03,
and O. C. RItter, '04.
The meeting this morning was al
together a student affair. President
Jordan appeared at the opening of
the meeting and made a few remarks,
in which he stated that he~ regarded
some sort of an honor ' system as in
evitable in our educational institu
tions in this country In the not very
distant future. President Jordan also
read a letter from Harwood Hall of
the Sherman Institute at Riverside,
the school that supports the Perris
Indian football eleven, congratulat
ing Stanford on having an eleven
which played such clean and sports
manlike football as that put up
against .the Indians on Thanksgiving
day in ~Los Angeles. After his few
remarks President Jordan, the only
faculty member present, withdrew
and a discussion of the "honor sys
tem" by the students followed.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Dec. 3.
— A mass meeting of the student body
was held in Assembly Hall this morn
ing for the purpose of discussing the
advisability of adopting at Stanford
the so-called "honor system" as it is
in vogue at Princeton. The main idea
of the system is to rest the control of
the punishment of students found
cheating in examinations with- the
students themselves and make all of
the students bound by pledge to re
port any student found cheating to
the student tribunal appointed to
Judge In such cases and let that be a
court of last resort to determine
whether or not the offense has been
committed. If the accused is found
guilty he is to be reported to the fac
ulty, who may either cancel his regis
tration or, In a flagrant case, expel
him from the university. A pledge la
also taken by every student that he
wili # neither give nor receive help in
an examination.
The college has become thoroughly
aroused over the question, which has
been agitated in the college daily pa
per for several days. Editorials and
communications, all in favor of the
proposed system, have almost filled
the official student body organ for sev
eral issues. However, that the Daily
Palo Alto has not won the entire stu
dent body to its view of the matter
was. evidenced by the opposition to It
that appeared In the mass meeting
this, morning.
A great many of the students quite
justly feel that there Is not any
amount of cheating done in the uni
versity large enough to justify such
a radical measure and that its adop
tion may lead the general public to
the erroneous conclusion that cheat
ing is prevalent at Stanford^ The op
ponents of the scheme favor allowing
each man being put on his individual
honor and oppose the requirement
that a man should be in duty bound
to report a fellow student. This sys
tem of each man being regarded as
on his individual honor not to cheat
is practically in vogue in the law de
partment and is proving: a thorough
success there, hence It Is argued that
the students of the other departments
should live up to the same code, as
all the students are 'supposed to have
an equally high sense of honor and
self-respect.
Srecial Dispatch to The Call.
,:'; ; Had an 'ihterviewer; presented such
"a '¦ •proposition t-: to - the . late President.
r>Huntlhgtori f or,V a: suggestive ..answer,
: trlat; 'great {financier^ would '. have -im- ;
• mediately.^ entered^ upon • ' a discussion
problems th'a t would
*haye^readny.i^bewildered the- average
• person interested \ in* the affairs of : the
: transcontinental ', line. ". 4 1 Mr. •. Harriman,
:however, has an entirely different
.manner; of disposing of ,'such miatters;
as as '"shown ; yesterdajr in his reply
• to 1 ; tjtie , questionfjas-. to . the correctness
of^theireportg, 'from the. East and es
. y^ciaily, as r to, the Edmondson 'predic
•'tioiis»\~.'..- A'-vfi
V?'JI.' v make 'it . a practice,'" said.- he,
."'never 'i to :_ffeply, to published, state-,
ments "or criticisms, and- as ' '. regards
the - future! payment . of.. dlyidends ( I
• believe ;'tha£/it-IsYo ;the '^est interests
•.of: 1 the people of this, coast* and the
'stockholders of Southern , Pacific
Cbrtipanyjthatlthesubject ialiould ; not
be., discussed in print.?
'.'- president ' Hafriman' r was accom-*
pariied'.up, the coast; from Los- Angeles
tby Chief .Counsel ; : He'rrln, / David Wil-'
'. coxj . president*) of *• thevi Delaware -''and
•;Hu^son7Rlv^r?i^nlf6adi>.Harry/K^rn-'
• ochan.: and Peter ; Gerrjr ¦ of New/, York.
»U^.ls'i«peqted^VhaV\7thV/pr^dent|of
¦the | Southern Paclflcf, Company ;* , will
rejnain here / at teast* a ? wjeek; < ducihg
jwhich he ; will ' make": several ; trips over
.ith'e"-* <?om pany's- - various -nearby r pi^op-
PRESIDENT IS • -EVASIVE.
¦ When the interviewer .grew* .a bit
personal by guarded inquiry wheth
er any definite date had been set for
holding the long deferred meeting, of
the Southern Pacific directors and as
to the. possibility of there being made
a. change in the presidency of the
company, Mr. Harriman answered the,
first query with a serious "I haventt
given it 'a thought," and then taking
up the other relative to the selection
of a new head of the corporation he
exhibited one of his best smiles as he
replied:
"That I can't say. It might be for
the good of the road. What do you
think of it?" ( ¦ >
, Since President Harriman started
,on his Western trip New York finan
ciers, among them James K. Edmond
son, ,a stockholder in the. company,
have beqn publicly discussing the
probability of the Southern .Pacific
Company paying no . dividends ; for
some time to come and Edmondson
only recently volunteered the proph
ecy-,that "none 'would .be \ paid until
1905 ahd t that a one would be paid dur
ing that year.* It has been intimated
Ihai it is the plan of the Southern Pa
cific Company, when . it refunds • its
f hlgh rate bonds, the' heavy expendi
tures .. made,; by- the : company in the
way of imprbvemehts during the last
two years and^wnlch have been charg
ed to earnings, will be adjusted in the
Issuing of refunding bonds and; that
In the end' these i improvements will
be capitalized as a . means - of reim
bursing the r company's treasury. By
capitalizing.' the: improvements,, % which
are to ! be , da ssed as • permanent, v they
become; chargeable -, to the capital jac-jj
count.- ',^.;- •" ':?r^.. ;
Asked whether the company would
soon take up the; work. -of building: a
tunnel, through- the Sierras, Mr. Harri
man replied that the proposition to
tunnel , had: been » under consideration,
but no definite action had been taken.
'.'I have not yet seen the plans for
the, proposed tunnel ", he said, "and I
have not 1 had-.tlme Ao even give the
serious thought it probably deserves."
A query . r regarding the proposed
bridging of Carquinez Straits received
a simUar answer from' the railroad
president, who, however, added that
both the tunnel and the bridge were
probabilities. He maintained, as he did
on 'the occasj^..0£^his 'former.. visit , to
this city, that Jjeknew nothing about
the plans for a connecting line | with-
Eureka, and refused to discuss ¦ ','the
company's trouble across the 'bay. rela
tive to the renewal of its Alameda,fran
chise, explaining that the matter,' had
not been looked into by him, but -would'
probably be taken up by him' during
his stay in the city. : .;: .•
CONCERNING DIVIDENDS. •
MAGNATE'S FUTURE >LANS.
.E. IL Harriman, president of the
Southern Pacific Company, accompa
nied by a party^of friends, arrived from
Southern California in his private car
at ' an early , hour yesterday morning,
and during his short stay in San Fran
cisco wilV^rhake his home at the Pacific-
Union -Chib. Yesterday the railroad
magnate spent the greater part of the
day in. the company's office conferring
with General Manager Kruttschnltt,
Chief Engineer Hood, Chief Counsel
Herrin and others pi omlnent officials of
the corporation. How long President
Harriman expects to remain in this
city he would not state, and he ap
peared equally diffident in furnishing
other Information that the general pub
lic might be concerned in.
: At a 420-words-a-minute rate he dis
cussed - ; the engineering achievement
which Is to be known in railroad his
tory as the Lucin- cut-off, and prefaced
his remarks on other subjects with a
statement that he and his financial as
sociates in the big railroad enterprise
had. accomplished a great deal, during
the last two years, and purposed how
to enjoy a. breathing spell.
"When one stops for a moment," he
remarked, "to consider that this great
piece of engineering work, across the
Salt Lake was accomplished within
eighteen months at a cost of many
millions of dollars he certainly will con
cede that we performed a remarkable
feat and have cause* to pause in our
plans for the further betterment of the
Southern Pacific Company's overland
route. In twenty-four months we have
left behind us not only the Lucin cut
•off,,but all the, important work. of re
construction east of Reno. We will
now bide our time to 'determine', the ex
tent ' of the benefits that will accrue
from these successful engineering un
dertakings." .
* ; Mlss 'Boyere's'deposition* showed that
the alleged marriage took place in New
|york! December 2, 1902, at the home of
Charles «T.* Henshall. Previous to that
time she held a written agreement of
Whittell's to make her his wife, but
this she surrendered to his father, and
It was destroyed. The contract mar
riage, however, she held, and it \yas
made part of the evidence In the case.
It r^ads'as follows:
¦ '• -' ' . . • December 2. 1002.
¦ :..yl hereby agrre'e to and have married George
WhitteHTJr, to-nlKht.
" - ; ; y£ FLORENCE M. BOTERE.
: I. hereby agree to and have married Flor
ence M. Boyere to-night.
• , , OEORGE WHITTELL JR.
.Witnesses— Charles T. Henshall, Grace E.
Henshall."
,: In "her* 'deposition she says that the
night ; the contract was executed she
asked,* in response to Whittell's request
that "she become his wife^that some
one to' ; perforny the ceremony be sent
for, but he suggested the contract. He
then begged her not to record it on the
ground that he feared- his father would
learn of his becoming a benedict. He
fairly cried for her to marry 'him, she
s' y>, agreeing that In the r event of her
lj.. .ming his bride he would rerietv the
contract every six months. She also
states that she was left penniless in
Chicago, and that before coming but
here she was compelled to pawn her
sealskin coat and her jewelry.
CONTRACT IN EVIDENCE.
from the public the story of the con
tract marriage of. young Whittell, the
grandson of Nicholas Luning, the fam
ous money-lender, and beautiful Flor
ence Boyere, the divorced wife of Ho
mer Selby, the brother of "Kid" Mc-
Coy, the pugilist. At present she is the
sister-in-law of Selby, for a short time
after the erstwhile Mrs. . Selby got her
divorce on the ground of infidelity he
married her pretty sister, : Rosalie
Boyere.
' The papers would also have revealed
that Attorney Hanlon's suit over "ad
verse claims" (for such'^was the ; type
of action he brought at the reque3t of
"Whittell's father to determine the va
lidity^of the contract marriage) was a
suit in which not only was the contract
itself involved, but the property of
young Whittell and also his honor. For
Miss Boyere in her cross-complaint al-.
leses that Whittell betrayed her under
promise of marriage. For this she
asked for $100,000 damages, but waived
her right to monetary balm in the event
that' the evidence adduced would show
that she was the lawful wife of Whit
tell.
v STORY IS UEVEAXED.
Th'e character of the papers make
plain the attorney's reason for keeping
them out of sight. Had they been seen
it would have been impossible to keep
The judgment roll in the case of
George Whittell Jr. against Florence
Boyere, the suit which was so care
fully manipulated by. the attorneys in
the ; case, particularly Charles Hanlon,
attorney for the plaintiff, that - all
knowledge of it • was suppressed for
days, is at last complete. The missing
papers, namely, the deposition of Miss
Boyere and her answer and cross-com
plaint, which mysteriously disappeared
from the County Clerk's office the day
the case' was tried, were returned late
yesterday afternoon. . The man who
brought them back was "William G.
Cousins, Attorney Hanlon's man-of-all
work, the man who repeatedly denied
having any knowledge of the case
the papers connected with ii the day
the -fact that they were missing was
discovered. He walked Into Judge
Troutt's courtroom yesterday after-!
noon, deposited the papers with the
Judge, coolly informed his Honor that
they were the papers in the "Whittell
case and walked out, vouchsafing no
explanation as' to their whereabouts
since November 9, the. day the^ action
was surreptitiously tried and adjudi
cated. •¦^V-
Railroad Magnate Is Proud of
Achievements of His
Engineers.
Hanlon's Clerk Surrenders
Miss* Boy ore's Marriage
Contract.
Collegians in Mass Meeting
Discuss Examination
Cheating.
Missing, Documents Are
Returned to Judge
Troutt.
Stanford Men Not All
Agreed on Princeton
Plans Value.
Harriman Says Subject
Is Not Proper One
to Discuss.
Little Miss Cowles had reached the
•"Papillons" of Schumann when I- ar
\ rived at Steinway Hail. The hall was
" crowded to hear this clever youngster
a fid the stage was a bank of flowers.
SHe had already played the D minor
• Fgntasie of Mozart, the E minor Fan
ta«fe of Cecil Cowles immediately after
' — jiravo Cecil; Impromptu, also home
made; the Rheinberger Fuge, op. 5,
Nti. 3. The Schumann group included
besides" the "Papillons" the "Arabeske"
and "Vogel als Prophet."
• * It was in her next group that I heard
the s-mall pianist, now arrived at the
' dignity of nine years, and I'm glad I
• went. Ho me the little girl shows un
mistakable evidence of genius. There
•.were bits of the Brahms intermezzo
given with astonishing understanding,
the suave movement of the "Papillons"
fejl into a supple weft, only attainable
• by the initiate, and the Linding
"Fruehlingsrausehen" was romically
masterly. The Chopin E m5nor waltz
holds technical flights yet impossible
to : the little player, and in consequence
there were all sorts of rhythmic tricks
played. Cut she has be«n cleverly and
consciencefully taught by Mr. Mans
feldt, her teacher, now for a year. She
lias an already wide technical grasp,
• h(ir tone is deep, her touch clean and
• orlsp, and Miss Cowles is well on the
, .way to good pianipm. There is still
the same wholesome absence of emo
tional forcing as on h_er former appear
ance, but also the unmistakable evi
dence of temperament. A Chcpin and
• two .Dvorak numbers ended the pro
. gramme-
BLANCHE PARTIXGTOX.
• There rrere two recitals last evening:,
Q^flrew Bogart's song recital at Maple
ildll and the piano recital of Miss Cecil
Cowles at Stdnway HalL Fortunately
for myself I decided to take in Mr.
Bogart's first or there would have been
. none to take in. The barytone's pro
f'ramme was a miniature affair. It
be£an.at S:25 and ended at 9 o'clock.
. It was Mr. Bogart's first appearance
here for a goodly span of years and
thfer© were many people to greet him.
Some of them arrived late and found
"only three or four songs awaiting them.
Still, the average song recital is a bore
by means of .Its length, and one should |
•perhaps welcome this departure from
'precedent. VO
Of their kinds singer and songs were
perfect. Delicate morceaux, pretty
sentiment, delightfully articulated in a
smooth, "finished, flexible fashion, were
offered by the singer. His voice, a
light, sweet barytone, lent itself ad
mtrably to their fiber. The programme I
made no demands on dramatic capac
ity, nor emotional deeps, but its dainty
s.adness, gentle gayety, were most ad
equately given by. Mr. Bogart. His
first group of songs included "The
Happy Lover," "Lacia il dir" and a i
•'Drinking Song." all of the seventeenth
pentary. A quartet of Schumann songs,
"My Love, Lay Thy Hand," " 'Twas in
the Month of May," "When Through
the Piazzetta" and "Row, Gently Row,"
followed. The programme closed with
three numbers by American composers:
"Bring Her Ag^in to Me'\(>J. Clifford
Page), that vras redemanded: John W.
Metcalf's charming "Absent," also in
sistently encored, and "An - Open Se
cret," by I?. • Huntingdon Woodman.
TWO RECITALS
GIVE PLEASURE
TO AUDITORS
WHITTELL STORY
TOLD BY PAPERS
STUDENTS TALK
OF HONOR SYSTEM
GIVES NO HOPE
FOR DIVIDENDS
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL", FRIDAY, DECEMBER 4, 1903.
Throng Attends Reception at Will H. Crocker Home
and Ladies, in Charge of the Affair Gather in
Many Dollars for Children's Hospital Auxiliary
CHARITABLE OPEN THEIR PURSES
TO ASSIST AILING LITTLE ONES
6CEXE AT THE RECEPTION AND SALE AT THE TV. H. CROCKER
RESIDENCE YESTERDAY FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE CHIL
DREN'S. HOSPITAL FUND.
Rev. P." J. Gray in a suit filed
day against- Dr. Thomas P. : Brehnan
asks the court to: declare ttie; physician
to be holding In trust for him" the^ sum
oi^'iiOfiOO in deposit in '"the Hlbernla'
Bank. . , He alleges that within . the last
three years,'; while "he -was sick and'dis
abled, he gave the money to the' doc-"
tor with 'the' understanding' that • when
he demanded its return it" wai : to\1be
given* to, him. He "says that* November
30, l903/---he asked -'Brennan ¦ for ithe
money and' that the latter refused';to
give it«up.' .¦'-:¦ \ y
Priest' Sues Physician.
6
"THE NTTW. CATACOMB."
ONE OF -THE. MOST .";
?^v^a*Bi>JsTb]aiEs \ ,.; -
E V KB '* TOilTTEN.
by aV^co^t^^o^xe^;',,
NEXT SUNDAY CALL/;^
> ; - > ADVEBTIfiElgENTS.
- t j_< -,,-. ;> ;., . —•u i - i , >-. . ¦ ,;. . ., ¦ 7T"? * . indescribable fear, for
> . • '_*-^ - .' ; child-birth. The thought
of the suffejririg* and 'danger iristore for her, robs the expectant mother
of all^pleasant anticipations ; of: : 'the coming event, and casts orer her a
¦ shadow '_of gloom'whicK: cannot be shaken oflF. Thousands of women
have- found-that' the;use. of ?:iVlother's Friend during pregnancy robt
confinement of all pain ahd'danger, and insures safety to life of mother
and cHild/i'TKis Scientific liniment is a god-send to all women at the
time of i their- most critical -trial. Not only does Mother's Friend
.carry women safely the i perils of child-birth, "but it« use
"gently^ prepares the system for. the coming event, prevents Vmornuig
6icltness;;"'ar^other djs- f ; : S: _____ ¦ ' -•_ •'
$i.boper- bottle. .Book > > -*" : . .* ¦••¦'• - - : .n-
containing valuable information free. f^CME&MfS'MkMWlk
The Bradfieid Regulator Co., Atianta.Ga. & m%_BSmEnB BJS
ADVERTISEMENTS*
fHEY ACTUALLY
DO THE WORK
Tod Eatea Is Worthless Unless Digested
—Some Stomachs Hust Save Help.
Food taken into the stomach, which,
I from the nature of the food or" the con-
dition of the stomach, is not 'digested,
is worse than no food at all. This is a
true statement a? far as it goes and a
preat many dyspeptics^ go only thts far
\~ith their reasoning. ..They argrue with
themselves that because their stomachs
do -not do the work given them, they
.liiust be given less work; in other
¦words, they murt be starved. It would
be just as sensible for a business man
who- is unable to d'* all. his own work
tq cut down his business to his own ca-
pacity as it is for a man to starve
himself to relieve his stomach. The
sensible business man employs help
and goes forward with his business.
Likewise the sensible dyspeptic will
emnJoy help for his stomach and give
his body proper nourishment.
i -Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets actually j
do the work assigned to them. They re- i
Here weak and overburdened stomachs
.of a great portion of "digestive action..
Their component . parts are ' identical
. -with those of the digestive fluids and
secretions of the stomach and they sim-
"ply take up the grind and carry; on
the work. Just the same 4s a good,
Etronp, healthy stomach would do;it.
On' this . account Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets are perfectly natural in tfleir
action and effects. They do not cause
any unnatural or violent disturbance In
tte stomach or bowels. They them-
. selves digest the food and. supply the
. system with all the nourishment con-
tained In what is eaten and carry out
• Nature's plans fbr the sustenance and
maintenance of the body.
How much more sensible is this
method than that employed by many
I sufferers from weak stomachs. By
this means body and brain get all the
good, nutritious food* they need and the
man is properly, nourished and equipped
to carry on his work and perform his
duties. He could not 'possibly be in.
proper working condition by starving
himself or employing BOtne new fangled,-
insufBclent food that d«es .'not contain
enough nutriment for a. year-old baby.
A strong man doing. strong work rhust
be. properly, fed and this applies to the
brain as well as the:body. .' y
Stuart's Dysprepstsr'Tabletis, by're-
Slieving the stomachYcf Its worky enable
it to recuperate^ and regain Its normal'
health and; strength. Nature repairs
the worn" and wasfed tissues just" as she
heals f and knits ' the bone of .a' broken
limb,';'which"ls of course^hot; used dur-
ing the process of repair. ,
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are for
sale by. all:xirugglsts at GO cents a box
and they are the one article that the
druggist does not. try to sell something
in the place of that's "just as good."
Their usqualiSed merit and success and
the universal demand for them has
placed them within the reach of every
one. hHBHBIRBBMI
j . .. >
OUR y \
WIN- fj0. \/k.
.(^$3.85
I Attention! I
1 LADIES |
j DO YOU WANT I
A GOOD SHOE? i
§ Here is a Shoe that has Just m
ff arrived from the East and K
m which the creditors were com- a
n pelled to take-^-dull kid top. ¦"¦'.•'
0 light box calf vamp and new ¦'
B style tips — military heel,.. w«lt *;.>,;&;
¦ winter weight sole. Made by ».-
« water-tiRht process. All «lzes . V
u and widths; like illustration; ¦
R also the same in kid; made to- H
II sell for $6.00; at the CRED- B
B ITORS* SALE A
1 * Jpo.oO f
flj Hundreds of other styles at &
B equally as ?ood bargains at the ft
J CREDITORS' SALE {
I Kast's Shoes j
I " 104-110 GEARY STREET . i
Q S. WOLFF, Receiver. 6
SOHEMIAti
"Kins of an Bottled Beer*.- 1
. Srtwetl from Bohemia* Hopj^ f
SOLO eVEBVWHERE. I
'" H1LBERT MERCANTILE CO.. 1
PactOo Coast Agents. S
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMEINT
/, OF THE ' •:
CONDITION" AND ATFAIBS
ROYAL
INSURANCE COMPANY ; -
OF LIVERPOOL, ENGLAND. ON THB
31st day of December. A. D. 1002. and
for the year ending on that day, as made to
the Insurance Commissioner of the State of
California, pursuant to the provisions of Sec-
tions 610 and 611 of the Political Code, con-
densed as per blank furnished ty th« Com-
missioner, - . ¦
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company.. $1,421. 012 fi2
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages &S4.000 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company... 3,600.104 OH
Cash In Company's Office ¦ 1.922 52
Cash in Banks 727.46S U7
Interest due and accrued ' on all
Stocks and Loans 41.673 31
Interest du« and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 6,304 53
Premiums In due Course of Col-
lection :.. 1.034.04f»0t
Rents- due and accrued 4.6S7 63
Due from other Companies for re-
insurance on lossea already paid. 32.60T 39
Total Assets .j7~,752.833~10
LIABILITIES. ~
Losses adjusted and unpaid $47.S09 81
Losses In process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 266.063 09
Louses resisted, including expenses. 101,760 79
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or lesa. $3,334,-
858 77; reinsurance SO i>*>r cent. . 2,077.419 S3
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run- •
nine: more than one year. $4,590.-
204 87; reinsurance pro rata 2,413.293 62
Amount reclaimable by the insured
on perpetual flre insurance pol-
icies IflS.KI a
Liability under Life Department... lno.JWS S3
All other liabilities 468. 7S» 02
Total Liabilities .$5,306,333 10.
INCOME. ~ ,
Net cash actually received for Flr<?
premiums ..94.715,318 73
Received for interest on Bonda and
Mortgages ••• 21,375 00
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks, Loans and
from ill other sources 143.6*4 54
Received, for Rents * 60.634 49
Total income .$4.972.022 82*
- EXPENDITURES.
Net amount DaKl for Fir* Losses '
(Inolutlinsr $609,226 02. lossea of
previot»s ytsrs) :."...:..:... .". . .'.$3, 538, 028 59
Paid or allowed for Commission or ¦
Brokerage.... 830.703 19
Paid - for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for of fleers, clerks, etc. . JS3.663 81
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes 127.S80 H
All other payments and expendi-
tures • =17.354 8S
Total Expenditures $4.213. «2S 60
F!r».
Losses Incurred during the year. . .$2.407.023 01
Risks and v Premiums. I Flre Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year. $787,873,802 $7.e33.2S« 83
- Net amount of Risks
¦ expired during the
year | 7JC.703.653 6.888.7781*
Net amount In force ¦ ;.,,-.
December 31. 1902. . 706.075.593j 7.954.044 64
E. F. BEDDALL. U. S. Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 26th
day., of January. 1903.
EDMUND HARVET. Notary Public:
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT
V ROLL A V. WATT, Manager, : .
201 Sansome St.. San Fpanc-sco.
JNO. T. FOGARTT. Assistant Manager; F. B.
KELLAM. Branch Secretary; Jr-iOw R.
HILLMAN". Superintendent Local Depart-
ment.
1WT /"V TVT S- and °- B°°t_ »nd Shoes.
l\ 1 I l\ Warranted waTSrvroof. For
¦* ¦*¦ Hunters. Surveyors. M!n-
__ __-<_ w T -A er?i - etc - Send for catalog.
AOUA SHREVE Sl BARBER Ca
*» 738 Market 8C, B. F.-VICTORIA. B. C. Dec. 3.— The ac
tion brought by Edna Wallace Hop
per, the actress, against James Duns
muir, the millionaire colliery owner
of Vancouver "Island, seeking to break
the will of the late Alexander Duns
muir, his brother, on the ground of
incompetency artd undue influence,
was recommenced here to-day. The
time was taken^jp by the reading of
evidence taken by commissions.
Dunsmuir Case Begins Anew.
Pyrography Outfits and things to burn
In wood and leather. We are agents for
Wlnsor. & Newton, makers of the best
artist materials in the world. Sanborn.
Vail'& Co.. 741 Market street. •
8p«cUJ Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET
N. w., WASHINGTON, Dec. 3.—Gen
eral Reyes, ' Colombia's warrior diplo
mat, accompanied by Dr. Thomas
Herran, the Colombian Charge here,
took luncheon to-day with Secretary
Hay at his home. There was an en
tirely informal conference, but, never
theless, General Reyes, with his usual
keen insight, saw that there, was only
one ground on which he could conduct
any negotiations regarding the Pana
ma crisis with the State Department,
and that was to accept the United
States' proffer of good offices to peace
ably settle, the differences between
Panama and Colombia. The luncheon
developed the fact that General Reyes
carried In his inside pocket credentials
as Envoy Extraordinary and Minister
Plenipotentiary on a special mission.
General Reyes will be presented in
this capacity to President Roosevelt
within a few days.
The President intends that adminis
trative influence shall be used in such
a way as to induce Panama to assume
part of Colombia's debt. This subject
has not been .broached to Bunau-Va
rilla, the Minister of Panama, but soon
will be, as President Roosevelt intends
to send the canal CVeaty to the Senate
on December 7. Whether this will
give it right of way over the Cuban
treaty remains to be seen. ;..",'-x."
Secretary Hay had a talk with the
President to-day about developments
on' the Isthmus and Secretary Moody
dropped in while the subject was un
der consideration and joined in the
conference. As a result it 13 possible
tliat one of the United States warships
now at Colon will be used to bring the
Panama canal treaty, ratified yester
day at Panama, to the United States.
BBITISH PUBE FOOD
COMMISSION BEPOBTS
Becommends the Prohibition of the
Sale of Beer or Other Liquids
Containing Arsenic.
LONDON. Dec. 3.— The Royal Com
mission on Arsenical Poisoning from
Food and Drink recommends the pro
hibition of the sale of be»r and. other
liquid food or of any liquid entering
into the composition of food which "con
tains one-hundredth of a grain or more
of arsenic per gallon, and the prohibi
tion of the sale of solid food contain
ing one hundredth of a grain per
pound, "no matter whether habitually
consumed in large or small quantities
or whether consumed alone (like golden
syrup) or mixed with water or other
substances (like chicory, etc.)."
The commissioners find there are se
rious defects in the present machinery
available to safeguard the public, and
urge that more* extended powers be
given to the authorities to condemn un
wholesome food, the establishment of
official "standards" and the creation of
a "board of reference," to which could
be referred specific points and whose
decisions should be carried out by the
department concerned, the latter's ac
tion being subject to the control of Par
liament.
Alleged Boodler Pleads Not Guilty.
KANSAS CITY, Mo.. Dec. , 3.— State
Senator Jesse L. Jewell, charged with
soliciting a bribe in connection. ...with
baking powder legislation at Jefferson
City, voluntarily appeared in the Coun
ty Court here to-day. He was ar
raigned, pleaded not guilty and his
bond was fixed, at $1000. The bond was
furnished by Samuel F. Scott, ex-post
master of Kansas City, - and Senator
Jewell was released. . His case was set
for hearing on February 9 next.
The sudden decision of the Cabinet
is believed to be due to the fact that
King Alfonso wiln?tart for Lisbon De
cember 12 and that Premier Villa
verde was anxious to get matters set
tled before his Majesty's departure.
The Republicans secured the as
sistance of the Carlists and Democrat
ic Liberals in opposing the Govern
ment's proposal to pass a bill to en
force the budget provisionally after
January 1, in the event of the cham
ber failing fo adopt the budget, and
the Cabinet, seemingly having become
hopeless of getting the bill adopted,
decided to resign.
The resignation of the Ministry was
the* outcome of difficulty encountered
in getting the budget voted in the face
of the Republican policy of obstruc
tion.
It is expected that General Acar
riaga. President of the Senate, will
be charged with the task of forming
a new Cabinet.
MADRID, Dec. 3. — At the close of
to-day's Ministerial Council the Mar
quis Villaverde, the Premier, proceed
ed to the palace and tendered the res
ignation of the Cabinet to King Al
fonso.
Bryan said the ambition and pride
of the people of a country should not
be in saying that "our army and navy
are tbe best In the world," but in hav
ing the best government In the world
and in beins' able to say that "our
government stands for justice and hu
manity and is so recognized in all parts
of the world t "
To that end Bryan said he would de
vote his life and hoped to bequeath to
his children a legacy greater than any
accumulation of wealth.
LONDON, Dec. 3.— T. P. O'Connor
gave a dinner at the National Liberal
Club to-night in honor of William J.
Bryan, at which a number of Irish and
Liberal members of the House of Com
mons and several representatives of the
English - and American press ¦ were
guests. There were no set speeches,
but Bryan, in a purely informal but
eloquent talk referred to his experiences
in England; told how he had profited
by his, visit and how he had been Im
pressed by the way in which the people
here devoted themselves to the welfare
of their country.
The British column sent by the au
thorities of Gape Colony to prevent the
Bondelzwaorts from entering British
territory was not In touch with . the
German expedition. It is presumed that
when the British locate the rebellious
natives the latter will be driven over
the border into the hands of the Ger
mans.
BERLIN, Dec. 3.— The Bondelzwaerts
tribesmen of German Southwest Africa,
after their defeat November 21 by ihe
German expeditionary column^ retreat
ed into British territory and occupied
some, islands in the Orange River Col
ony. The battle, which was "fought at
Sandfontein, began November 20. The
firing was kept up almost continuously
for two days, both sides observing cau
tious tactics. The tribesmen lost heav
ily, according to the official advices, and
the German losses were slight, but are
not enumerated.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 2.— The awak
ening throughout the United States of
a popular sentiment which it is hoped
will develop into a national demand for
an arbitration treaty between .the
United States and Great Britain was
the object of a gathering to-day at the
residence of General John W. Foster;
formerly Secretary of State. It is un
derstood the 'movement has the hearty
approval of the President. Among
those present to-day were Admiral
Dewey, General Miles. Wayne Mac-
Veagh, Thomas Nelson Page. Glfford
Pinchot. John R. Proctor. General H.
V. Boynton and D. C. Gllman. *'-•
It is learned that Sir Henry Mortimer
Durand, the new British Embassador,
who has Ju3t arrived in Washington, is
an earnest advocate of international
arbitration. While he is not associated
with the movement in this country, it
can be stated that Sir Mortimer may
be relied on to bring about in Great
Britain the result which the national
arbitration , committee in the United.
States is working for.
by General Brooke in the order crea
ting the courts, but that they owed
their, appointments to General Wood;
j that Rathbone's counsel never, underr
j stood that ex-parte evidence was to be
admitted in the trials and that General
Wood's construction, even of his
amended law, was in 'contravention .of
existing statutes. The witness declared
that General Wood's orders to the
Judge of first instance had the effect of
controlling judicial powers and; made
General Wood the court of last appeal
unto himself. The witness also assert
ed that the bond exacted In the Rath -
bone case was excessive and .unwar
ranted by law. „
The committee adjourned to .meet
again next Monday.
SALT LAKE. Utah, Dec. 3.— Stark
naked and with the temperature below
freezing point, Albert Meier, who owns
a small vehicle establishment on State
street, captured a burglar early this
morning who was trying to break into
his shop at the point of a rifle, marched
him up that business thoroughfare for
a« block. Then a policeman appeared,
took charge of Meier's prisoner and the
latter ran for shelter and clothing.
Twice the burglar tried to wrest Meier's
rifle from him. and In the second strug
gle Meier swung the heavy barrel of
the rifle on him, breaking one of his
assailant's ribs.
Without Waiting to Dress He Bushes
Into Street and Overhauls a
Midnight Prowler.
SALT LAKE BESIDENT
CAPTUBES A BTJBGLAB
Chancellor von Bulow then nodded
to Dr. Victor Rintelin, the oldest mem
ber present, who, stepping forward,
proposed three cheers for the Em
peror, in which the few spectators
joined.
The message was favorably com
mented upon, emphasis being placed
on the fact that the Government had
not made any unusual demands upon
the taxpayers. Satisfaction was also
expressed at the fact that the Govern
ment did not propose to introduce con
troversial legislation, so that the com
mercial treaties can be freely and
fully discussed.
After luncheon the members reas
sembled In the Reichstag for the pre
liminaries of organization. All the So
cialists were then present.
The election of .President of the
Reichstag and the officers will take
place to-morrow. The Socialists, to
the astonishment of the other parties,
nominated Herr Singer for First Vice
President. This question was the sub
ject of a furious controversy all last
summer and nearly split the party.
Herr Rebel, who said a man who re
spected himself could never accept the
vice presidency because he would have
to go to court on occasion and call for
cheers for the Emperor, won a com
plete victory at the party convention
at Dresdon. The revisionists, under
the leadership of Herren Bernstein
and von Vollmar, proposed that the
party should seek a vice presidency as
a recognition of its strength, and were
nearly driven out of the party organi
zation. It was even expected that
Herr Bernstein might join the Barth
Radicals in consequence of Herr Be
bel's autocratic disposition. The Con
servatives and members of the Center
party were . rejoicing, believing that
the effectiveness of the Socialist op
position would be lessened by. an in
tense internal fight during' the pres
ent Reichstag. They were amazed,
therefore, to-day to find the Socialists
acting in accord on the one question in
dispute.
CHEEBS FOB THE EMPEBOB.
In congratulating the members of
the Reichstag on the very friendly re
lations of Germany with other coun
tries, the Chancellor said the imperial
Government had contributed Its share
to the avoidance of serious complica
tions in the Balkans.
The Government, continued the
Chancellor, would propose retaining
the present army footing to April 25,
1905, but it is desired to Increase the
salary list because of the growing cost
of living. The Government further
proposed to continue the development
of social legislation in the interest of
the weaker classes. The Government
also intended prolonging the present
"most favored relations" with Great
Britain. r \" \
The Chancellor then passed to the
economic stage of the country, which,
he said, still suffered somewhat from
the world-wide depression, which was
unfavorably affecting the imperial
finances. Emphasizing the ever-in
creasing necessity for regulating the
financial situation of the empire with
the separate states, the Chancellor re
marked that, although a radical set
tlement of the question was not now
feasible, the Government would pro
pose a measure introducing the most
essential reforms.
"His Majesty has directed me to ex
press here his thanks to all those wh?
have sympathized with his suffering
and to say that their sympathy and
hopes for his recovery have greatly re
joiced him."
PBOMISES MANY BEFOBMS.
BERLIN. Dec. 3. — Chancellor von
Bulow, as the Emperor's representa
tive, to-day opened the Reichstag in
the White Hall of the palace. The
members of the Reichstag, In even
ing dress, court costume, military uni
forms or clerical coats, stood close to
gether in front of the Emperor's
throne. The assemblage was smaller
than on the last occasion, twenty-flve
of the loyalists having been turned
out by the Socialists, none of whom
ever attends the opening of the
Reichstag, which is essentially a
court function, all the members pres
ent wearing a royal order.
When the Chancellor appeared,
with the Cabinet Ministers, all present
bowed. He said:
Another charge made by Dr. Desver
n^nie was that some of the Judges, who
tried the postal cases were not named
parte evidence was not admissible In
{rials, but declared that General Wood
had made the amendment which abro
gated statutes and enacted anew law,
and said this opened the door to ex
parte evidence.
. Dr. Desvernenie declared that under
the law In force at the time General
Wood became- Governor General ex-
The removal, said the witness, was
irade over the protest of the Bar Asso
ciation, a corporation having specific
official powers. The association declared
the removals unwarranted and. In con
polatlon, or to appease its anger. Gen
eral Wood appointed the deposed
judges to positions on the board of j
trustees of the Bar Association. ;
GOVERNOR'S GBIP ON" COTJBTS.
of the Runcie article in General Wood's !
interest, and asked him if the letter did !
not show that there had been confer
ences on the subject and a perfect |
understanding. P.aker admitted that
appearances would lead to that infer
ence, but insisted there had not been:
any understanding.
Baker admitted that he and Wood [
and Runcie had discussed General;
Brooke's administration of Cuban af- |
fairs, but said the discussion had been :
irnpprsonal ar.d that Brooke's name had {
not been mentioned. He also said that •
General Wood had introduced him to i
Runcie when he was sent to Cuba.
At the afternoon session of the court j
the only witness heard was Dr. Pablo
Desvernenie, who was secretary of
finance under the administration of i
General Brooke as Governor General :
and later attorney for Major Rathbone. J
Dr. Depvernenie's testimony related en
tirely to tb.e instructions given to the '
court by General Wood. He charged j
that General Wood had changed laws
of Cuba in order to admit ex-parte evi-j
dence in. the postal cases.
BEVEBTS TO SPANISH LAWS.
The modification of the principles of
Cuban criminal procedure, which was
said to have been particularly detri
mental to the Interests of Major Rath- !
bone. Dr. Desvernenie declared, was !
made in an order Issued by General 1
Wood on April 30, 1900. The effect of
the order, Eaid the witness, was to re
vert to laws in force under the regime
cf colonial Spain thirty |*ears before.
According to the testimony of Dr.
Desvernenie, the orders made by Gen
eral Wood were Issued to the judge of I
{instructions, whom General Wood could !
remove at "his pleasure. The witness <
declared that the order was in violation ;
of the penal statutes and the rights of j
parties Interested In the postal cases.
As an Illustration of the powers of Gen
eral Wood under the military govern
ment the witness said that General;
Wood in one case removed a judge of
first instance in one of the high courts •
and also three of the associate judges]
of one section of the court. As a cause i
of removal It was said the judge had <
"not complied with the law as modified j
by General Wood. isEjB |
time was opportune for the publication
Baker was questioned closely by Sen- '
r.ror Scott of the committee and by
Senators Hanna and Teller, who were
preseat. They quoted Major Runcie's
letter.' to Baker, suggesting that the!
HAI7NA ASKS QUESTIONS.
Baker confirmed some parts of the]
testimony of Major Runcie and con- j
tradicted or qualified other portions of j
it. He denied that there had been any j
consultation between himself and Gen
eral Wood relative to the publication j
»f Major Runcie's article reflecting up
on the administration of General
Brooke. He said, however, that he had !
talked with General Wood regarding'
an article which was subsequently pub- j
li«hed over his own signature. When
apked Whether he had conversed with
the President relative to the Wood
rase he replied in the negative, and
also made practically the same reply!
to a question as to whether he had con- !
furred with War Department officials ¦
concerning the article which was pub- :
lished over the signature cl Major!
Runcie. Baker said that It had been !
given to him by Runcie. but that, so'
far as heTtnew. General Wood had no I
knowledge of it previous to its pub- J
Iication. He said he had talien dinner j
with General Wood and Major Runcie i
peveral times In Santiago, but that the
publication of an article attacking '
General Brooke had never been the sub- I
Ject of conversation.
BAKER'S BEPLIES AID WOOD.
Ray F.tannard Baker, the man who,
Major Runcie said, was at the dinner
with General Wood and himself when
the .proposed magazine article criticiz
ing- General Brooke was discussed, was
the next witness.
Stone was questioned concerning the
report that General Wood had sought
to retain E. G. Bellaires as the repre
sentative of the Associated Press in
Havana. He submitted a letter writ
ten by Major Runcle to Colonel Charles
S. Diehl. assistant general manager of
the Associated Press, which requested
in behalf of General Wood the reten
tion of Bellalres, saying it was impor
tant to have a man representing the
Associated Press In Havana who was
in' the confidence of the military gov
ernor. Stone said the matter was then
under the charge of Colonel Diehl.
Bellaires was retained, but his pre
vious record was rot known to the
officers of the Associated Press. When
it became known Bellalres was dis
charged.
Stone also was asked as to what
knowledge General Wood had of Bel
laires' record, but on this point he could
give the commission little information.
It was decided that Colonel Diehl
should be subpenaed.
WASHINGTON'. Dec. 3.— The Senate
Committee on Military Affairs to-day
resumed its hearing In connection with
charges W- e & « gainst General Leonard
Wood, in opposition to his confirmation
to be a major general. The first "wit
ness was Melville E. Ston*. general
manager of the Associated Press.
Socialist Members Act in
Accord Having Settled
Internal Fight.
Escapes Will Be Driven Back
Over Border Into Hands
of Pursuers.
Members Tire of Obstruction
Pol icy Pursued on the
' Budget.
Distinguished Visitor Is En
tertained in National
Liberal Club.
Hope to Develop a National
Demand for a Treaty
With Britain.
President Will Insist That
Panama Pay Part of
Bogota's Debt.
Sets Aside Island Statutes
to Encompass Rath
bone's Downfall.
Resignation of Ministry
Presented to. King
Alfonso.
Chancellor Von Bulow
Outlines Policy of
Government.
T. P. O'Connor Gives
Dinner in His Honor -
in London.
Cuba's Former Governor
Himself the Court of
Last Appeal.
Colombian Envoy Find3
That His Mission
Is Futile.
Distinguished Citizens
Hold an Important •'
Conference.
Cross Into British Terri
tory After Defeat at
Sandfontein.
REICHSTAG OPENS
WITH USUAL POMP
SPANISH CABINET
GIVES UP OFFICE
LAW IS CHANGED
BY WOOD'S ORDER
BRYAN RECEIVES
KIND RECEPTION
START MOVEMENT
FOR ARBITRATION
HAY RECEIVES
GENERAL REYES
TRIBESMEN EVADE
GERMAN TROOPS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY. DECEMBER 4, 1903.
Wife Murderer Is Hanged.
PITTSBURG, Pa.,- Dec. 3.— Joseph
Kanovisky, who beat his wife to death
at their home in MInersville. Pa., on
January 7 last, was hanged to-day Jn
the Jail yard.
The heirs of Mrs. Pair believe the
medical experts who are soon to testify
will use Topin's evidence to support the
view that Mrs. Fair died after her hus
band.
PARIS, Dec. 3.— Farmer Topin was
the only witness at to-day's hearing in
the Fair will case before Commissioner
Eislin of New York. The witness testi
fied that he arrived on the scene after
the accident and carried the bodies of
Mr. and Mrs. Fair to the porter's lodge.
The body of Mr. Fair was cold, he
added, and that of Mrs. Fair was still
warm.
Gives Evidence Tending to Support
the Theory That Wife Survived
Her Husband.
FARMER TOPIN TESTIFIES
IN THE FAIR WILL CASE
Hawaiian Shipping May Be Menaced.
HONOLULU. Dec. 3.— Owing to the
general expectation that the Federal
Government would take over all light
houses in Hawaii, the last Legislature
made no provision for their mainte
nance beyond this year. A petition has
been sent to Congress stating that the
Territory would relinquish all lights on
January 1 and asking that they be
maintained by the United States Gov
ernment after that date. There are
many dangerous points in the Territory
and shipping would be greatly menaced
should the lights be discontinued.
COUNTESS RUSSELL SUES
TO BE FREED OF HUSBAND
Alleges Cruelty on Part' of Man Who
Masqueraded as Prince in
Wooing Her.
LONDON, Dec. 3.— Countess Russell
has instituted divorce proceedings, al
leging cruelty and infidelity on the part
of her husband.
After the Countess procured a di
vorce from the Earl some time ago, as
a sequel to his alleged bigamous mar
riage in the United States to Mollie
Somerville, she married ** William
Brown, a footman who masqueraded as
Prince Archibald de Modena.-.v
Louisiana" Makes Bid for Convention.
NEW ORLEANS, Dec. 3.— Frank R.
Williams, a noted sugar planter and
chairman of the Republican State Cen
tral Committee of Louisiana, an
nounced last night, that the Louisiana
Republicans offered J30O.O0O for the
next national Republican convention
and wanted it held here. He offered
525,000 himself, promising to raise the
balance from eleven Louisianians. each
giving a similar amount.
7
*¦¦¦¦¦¦-«¦¦—¦¦——¦¦—— ii t«amnanMagMaHnaMHHHHVnnnHHMansHH«HHBBMaMHMKaB^aiMM^Where Is the Sun Going?
There Is a popular notion that the
planets In our solar system revolve
about the nun. This is only half true,
points ; out. Professor Harold Jacoby of
Columbia -University, in a remarkable
article in Harper's Weekly of Novem
ber 28. The sun, like the planets,' says
Professor Jacoby, is in motion, as are
also the so-called "fixed" stars; and.
reasoning from^ this basis, he discusses
the .fascinat'ng question of the desti
nation through space of our solar sys
tem. It is not generally known amon;
A writer in the current number of ths
Wc-rld's Work gives tne following sta
tistics upon banking:
The total banking power of. the finan
cial institutions of the United States
is $12,434,721,178. The deposits in the
savings banks amount to $2,750,177,200
and the number of depositors is 6,GS«Ci,
672." Of the banking power of the Unit
ed States nearly one-half is In New.
York and the other Eastern States. Of
the aggregate of loans made by the
national banks on September 13, 1902.
amounting to $3,250,127,480, the amount
outstanding in the banks of New York.
Chicago and- St. Louis, the three cen
tral reserve cities, wa3 SS77.934.942. .
Banking Figures
PATIENCE is supposed to be essential to success in
any continuous undertaking: What a man may not
accomplish in the first instance he rnaysucceed N in
doing later. The reward may be all the sweeter for the
waiting"., This may apply to citizens of MendocinoXounty,
concerning whose persistency the Ukiah^Republican /Press
has something to say. One man; located public land in
1876. His wife' has just filed a' homestead claim upon it. 4
"In time," says the- Republican Press,- Vshe will be able
to call her own the place that she has toiled upon, and
waited for so many years.'.'; ' ¦ •
The lady's husband w*as J. F. Cummings, one of the
early settlers of Mendocino County. He', located upon
site of the town that bears his r name. He improved
the property and built a hotel, expending several thou
sands of dollars for buildings.' With the other settlers he
expected to have the land, opened nearly thirty, years ago;
arid to be able to "prove tip," or make good his legal
title. to his home. Year after < year, passe'd, but his hopes
were unfulfilled in his life. He lost his health. During
his illness he was advised • by ,'his -physician ''..to. move
LONG WAITING; FOR FARMS.
which "serves a good purpose and is
wearing to the nerves of the man on
whom it Is tried.
To feint. In the ordinary accepta
tion of the term, means to convey the
f.ilse impression that you are about
to" do a certain thing in order to draw
a way attention from your real purpose.
Tbis definition applies equally w ; ell in
l>oxinK. Did- you ever notice how a
< onjurer j?oes through a lot, of seem
ir.Kly useless motions? These motions
i;re not really useless. They serve to
distract your attention and to enable
him to prepare his real trickTunnotic
pd by «-Ves that are taken up In fol
lowing: his more overt gestures.' When
he suddenly, ceases these gestures and
springs the trick he has been prepar
ing all, the time it strikes his audience
its mir.oculous. Yet If it had not been
for his seemingly extraneous antics
fverjrt>ody might have divined the
fecr«*t of the trick. j^S-JHShSB
Every man, when he becomes some-.
what proficient in boxing, can* Invent
a dozen good feints. Here are a few
which will serve' as a groundwork:'
The Cardinal's Hat.
The presentation of hats to the new
Cardinals by Pope Pius X at his first
consistory recalls the circumstance
that the red hat was first given to Car
dinals by Pope Innocent IV at the
first council of Lyons, held in 1245, to
signify that they should always be
ready to shed their blood In defense
of the church. Bayle, however, in his
"Pensees sur la Comete," gives a dif
ferent reason for the color. Cardinals
wear red, he says, because Rome is
the solar or holy city, Sunday be
longing to Christianity, and Cardinals,
therefore, use the color of the sun.
THE twenty-ninth annual convention of the Califor
nia State Fruit Growers will hold council in Fresno
for four days, commencing with December 8.
Thither there will- journey expert horticulturists from
the fruit counties, specialists from the two universities
arid members of the -£tate Horticultural Commission to
deliberate upon the condition and present "needs of one
of the greatest industries of the.' State.' Most of the
live questions of- fruit-growing will there be elaborately
discussed. , .
Few. people. beyond the State and not a great number
within our borders know what a great part is played in
the fruit industry of California by this association.. Nur
tured under the auspices of the State.^Horticultural Com
mission, and drawing its membership' from leading pro
ducers in every one of the many diversified interests; the
society- plays the part of .the fostering mentor of the con
stantly increasing business ofyifruiti production.. Forth
coming' speeches upon co-operation, fruit- markets and
marketing, scale insects and horticultural legislation illus
trate; the wide scope of the association's province.
v /With;- the excellent- example' set- them by San Joa
quin County in preparing already her exhibition . for 4 the
..World's;? Fair/ one of the firgt duties of the convention
should be that of deciding upon a campaign, looking
toward a complete display of California fruits at the ex
position.' There, should? be evolved some r general., plan
of co-operation among the. fruit growers, so' that"' the;- best
that we have and all that we, have in the horticultural
line i may find the prominent place which" it deserves.
FRUIT GROWERS' CONVENTION.
A committee of the Board of Supervisors. is investi
gating what appears to be gross frauds in the probate
department of. the Superior Court as far as this depart
ment is conditioned by the County Clerk's^ office." If
these accusations of dishonesty be proved it is to the
highest interest of the entire city, which is most inti
mately concerned in- the administration. -pf 'the affairs of
the dead, that prosecution of the offenders follow quickly
and surely to punishmen':. ¦¦• ' •. *
The town of Cumana,,in Venezuela, which in its highly
spectacular career has been destroyed six times by earth
quakes, is fearful that it is destined, to another shake
down. This certainly shouldn't worry anybody who lives
in Venezuela and ever heard of Castro.
Dreaming of Christmas.
It's hard ter keep him quiet w'en you
tuck him up in bed —
He a-hearin' er de reindeer des a-ninnin*
on de shed;
En restless on dat plller is his li'l curly
head —
Dreamin 1 en dreamin* er da Chris'mus!
It's hard ter keep him quiet, w'en de
evenln' shadders creep.
En you tell him 'bout de sugar plums, en
say he'll git a heap!
He wakeful e* a watchman w'en dey
rockin* him ter Bleep —
Dreamin* en dreamln' er de Chris'mus!
—¦-Atlanta Constitution.
Bishops and Autos.
That titled gossiper about things. In
general, the Marquise de Fontenoy.
finds the English Bishops and auto
mobiles do not mix. He saya:
"With regard to automobiles. I may
mention that the new Lord Bishop of
Winchester has aroused a good deal
of comment by using a motor car for
his episcopal visitations and pereg
rinations. He has considerably scan
dalized some of the old fashioned peo
ple thereby, who do not consider it to
be in keeping with the ecclesiastical
dignities of the Bishop of so Import- -
ant a see as that of Winchester to go
racing about the country In a machine
that 'snorts like a dragon and smells
like the devil.' But the Bishop is up
to date, declaring that he finds the
motor most convenient for his official
tours, and declines to allow hhnself
to be influenced by any adverse com
ment."
Footprints in Stone.
A young mother with her little three
year-old by her side was watching the
workmen putting down the cement
sidewalk which led from the garden to
the rear of the new home. She was a
romantic young mother, and as she
watched the care with which the work
men smoothed out each layer of the
soft stuff which was to remain endur
ing for years, the familiar old quotation
from her schooldays ran through her
head:
Lives of grreat men all remind us.
We can make our Jives sublime,
And dei>nrtinz leave behind us
Footprints on the eands of um«.
.When the workmen had departed she
took off the baby shoes and stocking
of her little son and gently placed the
tiny warm feet on the soft cement. The
little fellow shivered and begged to be
taken away when he felt the slimy cold
touch of the cement, but the fond
mother gently pressed the little feet
down into the stone, so that in years
to come the Imprint of the child's foot
there on the cement would recall his
babyhood.
The cold touch of that cement
brought on pneumonia. The little tod
dler diejl. Now through all the weary
years there are left only those two
baby footprints In the cement.
From St. Louis.
The staff work on the California
building at the world's fair has been
nearly finished. Plasterers are at work
on the interior and It is confidently pre
dicted that the handsome structure will
be finished within thirty days. The
building is a replica of the Santa Bar-
Ijara Mission and its cost is $;o 000
India will have a pavilion at the
world's fair. A site 130x100 feet in area
has been allotted to this country On
It the Tea Growers' Association of In
dia will erect a reproduction of the fa
mous tomb of Etmad-Dowlah at Agra
India. In the pavilion the association
will serve tea and coffee to demon
strate their value. Fifteen or twenty
natives will be brought over to mak©
and serve the beverages.
The contract for the erection of the
Mississippi building at the world's fair
was let recently for $15,000. The struc
ture will be a reproduction of "Beau
volr." the home of Jefferson Davis. R.
H. Henry, the executive commissioner,
obtained from Mississippi lumber firms
the donation of shingles, aiding and
lumber to the value of $3000, so that
the total cost of the building is $20,000."
and back. Avoid the common fault
of twisting your body stiffly and awk
wardly in this maneuver. The mus
t ies. should be sufficiently relaxed to
enable you to turn easily and swiftly
and to permit you to recover your
former position directly after the
:blow x>asses.
As you duck to the side you can
F^.nd ia your left hand to your oppo
nent's body. The forward trend of
your body will lend force to the blow.
Practice the two' ducks over and
over "cpain. day after day. until they
/become srrond nature. The;/ are im
portant. Be careful that In ducking
•one blow you do not lay yourself open
to ftnoth<M\ OftPii a man will lead
with hJs» lfft. lure his opponent into
ducking and. will th^n. as the other is
r^overing from the duck, bring his
right around hi a swinsr or hook for
'the head. It i« a clever ruse and you
muFt look out for it.
' Th« <lu< k should be used as a coun
ter or to help you get back out of
danger. Us* it only v.'hen there seems
an fjrf-i'pnt Minnc-of success." Tour
own Judpmont. bred of murh practice
and chastened by the blows incident
on not a few mistake, must l>e your
¦fcuide as to when to duck and when
not to.
Feinting is a feature of boxing
SJuidozvs of the Past.
. Some Chinese workmen were remov
ing earth in the rear of the Chinese
Consul's house the other day to make
room for some needed improvements.
Suddenly they__jmcovered the grave of
a thousand and one bu?"ied joys. There
in a pit beneath a pile of rubbish were
hundreds of champagne corks in all
stages of petrifaction from long ex
posure to the elements.
- .The Chinese were at a loss to account
for the presence of the corks and for
the nonce there were some who had
suspicions ot the convivial tendencies
of the respected Consul from the Flow
ery Kingdom. But it was an old-timer
who solved the mystery. In the good
old days of. the sixties the present home
of the Chinese Consul was the palatial
residence ot F. L. Pioche, than whom
there never was a more open-handed
entertainer and genial host. The fame
of his table spread abroad In the land
and those who were fortunate enough
to dine at his board felt that they had
not missed the opportunity of their life
time.
But years ago Pioche came to a
tragic end and now there remain of all
his past grandeur only the corks.
THE Sacramento Union has "made a critical study
of the body of school teachers who were recently
in attendance at the proceedings of the Sacramento
County Teachers' Institute. What especially attracted
the attention of the Union was the fact that there were
about twenty women teachers to one man teacher in the
assemblage. This leads the Union's writer-spectator to
remark:
"It is particularly noticeable that of young men there
are almost none. The male teachers, for the most part,
appear to be survivals of an earlier era, and it would
seem that pretty much all the recruits in -the teaching
profession, are women."
The Sacramento women teachers would seem to be
a very comely lot and gifted with high intelligence,
for the Union says that "looking at it critically as an as
semblage and comparing it by the tests of appearance,
personal manners and the look of interest and atten
tion, one is bound to concede that this body of teachers
compares favorably with the professional assemblages of
a few years back. Judging by the formal papers and the
discussions upon them, there would . seem to be no
doubt that'the/ standards of the teaching profession have
been considerably advanced in late years." • .
This is not all that the Union found to admire in the
women teachers: The purely~fcminine traits gained the
customary^ tribute of male approval: "Almost every
face in the room bears satisfying marks of intelligence
and intellect. The well nourished physique speaks of
the advantages of California climate, and the superfine
raiment of most of the young women speaks for the
financial liberality of the communities to which they arc
attached and of- the excellence of the Sacramento stores,
where most of them do their trading."
But, having spoken in this flattering manner, the
Union raises a protest concerning the feminization of the
schools. Incidentally the ground is laid for a discussion
of great interest. "Women, it is said, are natural teach
ers. They are certainly the teachers of young children;
but we very much question if teaching in its advanced
forms — in at. least some of its advanced forms — docs not
call for the masculine mind, the masculine method, the
masculine mood. < We question, if our educational sys
tem would not be very much strengthened by such re
organization as would divide, at.lea?t, its duties between,
men and women. We find it difficult to conceive of a
suitable system of education for girls in which men
should be the sole teaching element, and we are as little
disposed; to concede that an effective system for boys
may be wholly, administered by women in the class
rooms."
Possibly the Union may change the current of af
fairs, but it is very doubtful. Especially- will this prove
a reasonable conjecture when, according to the Rev. Dr.
N. D. Hillis of New York, women are now engaged in
145 branches of business, *and "women in fifty years will
know more than the men." ... >
FEMINIZING THE SCHOOLS.
Old-Time Automobile.
. BT MALCOLM McDOWELL..
(Author of 'Shop Talk on the Wonders of the
Craft*.")
(Copyright, 1003. by Joseph B. Bowles.)
Enthusiastic automobilists— and al
most every "driver" of the horseless
vehicle is an enthusiast — have ventur
ed the opinion that nothing: but the
lack of uniformly good roads prevents
the automobile from making the loco
live a second-rate motor. This rather
largre claim might provoke a derisive
smile but for the recorded fact that
had it not been for the bad roads of
England Just one hundred years ago
there might not have been any loco
motive. The automobile and locomo
tive are self-movers — the one runs on
comon roads and the other on rail
i-oads — and the automobile Is the fa
ther of the locomotive.
The original locomotive was an au
tomobile — a steam carriage, designed
to run on common roads and turn
pikes. It was design^^and construct
ed by a couple of coal-mining engin
eers-^-Trevithlck and Vivian — and was
the first high-pressure steam "locomo-^
tive" ever operated. There had been"
several models of low-pressure steam
"road-wagons"' ma.de before the "Welsh
engineers put together the little
steam runabout which became the ori
ginal of the modern automobiles and
locomotives. It was a compact little
affair with a single cylinder and a fly
wheel and it was tested — so one ac
count reads — on Christmas day 1S02.
But the little machine was only suc
cessful in that it proved the practica
bility of using high-pressure steam for
j.ropplling a vehicle.
Just one hundred years ngo this
month Richard Trevlthick was com
pleting a high-pressure steam self
mover, which he placed on the tram
rails of a coal mine in Wales in 1804.
This was the first locomotive in that
it was the first automobile to be placed
on rails. But when Trevi thick was
building it he intended running it on
a turnpike, but the roadway was in
bad condition and he tried it on rails
of the, coal mine tramway.
At the World's Fair in St. Louis
next year the centennial of the loco
motive is to be ceremoniously celebra
ted, but it will be seen that the same
day can be as well called "autcrniobile
day" — it's a toss up which Trevithick's
machine was — an .automobile or a lo
comotive.
The first quarter of the last century
developed an automobile craze much
more virulent than the "devil wagon"
furor of to-day. The modern chauffeur
who has been haled into police courts
and fined by country Justices may find
large comfort. in knowing that the first
automobillsts were prosecuted, perse
cuted., stoned. Jeered, taunted) fined,
prohibited and had a hard time of it
all around. .
In the 1820's and '30's steam carriages
to run on common roads became such a
fad that the directors of toll roads and
the stage coach companies became
alarmed. They slipped a number of lit
tle bills through Parliament permitting
toll roads to levy prohibitive tolls on
steam carriages' and wagons. Thus in
1831 Mr. Guerney, who built and oper
ated several steam carriages, was
charged £2 and 8 shillings for his
steam carriage on the Liverpool and
Prescott road: the ordinary toll for a
loaded six-horse stage coach was but
4 shillings. On other turnpikes the
B|eam carriages were compelled to pay
from five to seven times what the huge
lumbering stage coaches were required
to pay. ¦
But notwithstanding persecution, fail
ures and bad roads, the steam carriage
was Improved and grew in popularity
bo that in 1838 eighteen steam coaches
and drags for carrying passengers were
built or building in London and its
vicinity. Private steam carriages which
made from fifteen to twenty miles an
hour were common, and many lines of
steam coaches between large, cities,
transporting thousands of passengers,
were established. sBRB
Some of these early automobiles car
ried an amazing steam pressure in their
boilers. The ordinary pressure was
from seventy to 150 pounds to the
square inch, but It is of record that
some of the "cracks" run by their titled
owners carried a steam pressure of 300
to 400 pounds to the square Inch. The
chauffeur of to-day, who, in his gaso
line and racing car, equipped with ev
erything that is up to the minute,
drives his automobile seventy to eighty
miles an hour, is properly tagged
"reckless." But what would you call
the man who, with a crude, untried
machine, forced his boiler to carry 400
pounds pressure to the inch to, reach
the unprecedented jspeed of twenty
miles an hour ?
Decline of Book Trade.
The decline of the book trade" la
Germany has been a fruitful topic In
In «? €rman PreSS Of late - One wr "er
In an exhaustive* argument accused ihe
the habits of their literary fathers and.
J.ke Americans, taking- more interest in
business than in literature. The Ber
iner Tageblatt in a recent issue, under
the head of "The Germans as Book
Buyers, quotes Herr Grunow. the
Leipsic publisher, who characterizes
the criticism of his fellow Germans on
the score of neglect of literature a.i
•empty and nonsensical, trash " "A
public." he says, "which will spend a
half million marks in a few weeks for
a novel, and in the same length of
time several millions for Bismarck'i
Thoughts and Recollections.' j 3 not a
bookless public- The publisher
gives the names of a number of books
which were sold in great numbers and
of the standard works which are con
stantly in demand. "The old. thread
bare complaint." he says, "comes orig
inally from the authors whom no one
likes and from their publishers who
can find no market for their wares.
But the fact should ncft be overlooked
that the German fs a ready book buy
er. E\-ery Christmas table demonstrates
that fact, and It Is well known that
there are tew men so poor that they
do not have a little money to expend
for books."
The long, uninteresting, expensive and apparently fu
tile campaign of alleged cleanliness instituted by the
Board of Health in Chinatown seems destined to a sum
mary and inglorious end. The Board of Supervisors has
announced that it will vote no more money for cleaning
the coolie quarter unless a detailec!, itemized account of
expenditures be supplied.
laymen that astronomers have found It
possible to determine approximately
the position on the sky of the apex of
solar motion, or, in othor words, that
point toward which our solar system Is
at present traveling. It is the constel
lation Hercules. "We are obliged to
assume that our path. for the moment
is a Btraight line, but we mean that
'moment' which commenced about 1730,
when the first star catalogue of modern
precision was begun, and which will
end Ions after present generations of
men have passed away. So mighty ia
the orbit In question that many centu
ries must come and go before we can
hope to detect the orbit's curvature."
The article is Illustrated by some unu
sual astronomical photographs.
' bt au?eht paysox Tnrau:NF^
<Athtei.tr Kxprt X«w Y^rk i;vrnln* World.
Author oC 'Movie J'.ullditic." etc.)
<Cop» rieht. I'JCS, by Jowph B. Bowl*>s.)
TCow we come to the second "duck,"
the "duck to the side." When your
sparring partner leads for your face
with his left throw your loft shoulder
forward and to the right, letting the
whole upper part of the body turn
with it until the two shoulders are.a£
most .it right angles to their former
position. At the same time bend the
left knee slightly and rise on the
right toe. All this will throw the up
\>rr part of your body forward and to
the right. Your opponent's blow will
either miss you entirely or glance
harmlessly along your left shoulder
THE proposition to include the Japanese in the
Chinese exclusion law brings up a vexed question.
The subject illustrates the change and swing. „ in
public opinion.' When the Burlingame treaty was made
with China the principal interest in its favor was mani
fested in California. The Chinese were then regarded
with favor here and.no obstruction was offered to their
coming.
Though the immigration under it was not large, for
it is doubtful if we got to exceed 250*000 Chinese here
from the beginning of that immigration^ the stress and
strain of hard times preceding 1879 caused them to be
felt as a dangerous increment, and we attempted by va
rious devices in our local laws to restrict a further in
flux of that clement. But the constitution makes a treaty
the supreme law of the land, and the Supreme Court
held that local legislation could not set the Burlingame
treaty aside. It was pointed out that the only way to
restriction was by amending the treaty. Since then it
has been amended or substituted three times, but each
time certain treaty rights have been preserved for the
Chinese. Those who were here under any of the trea
ties were permitted to register, in evidence of their right
to be here, and laborers returning to China are still per
mitted to return upon evidence of certain qualifications
of family or property:
No one is exactly sure that the present exclusion law
conforms to the treaty, and the Supreme Court, in a col
lateral proceeding, indicated its purpose to pass upon the
constitutionality of the law by bringing it to judgment
on the "most favored nation" clause of the treaty. It is
remembered that when this last exclusion law was be
fore Congress Mr. Gompers strongly advised that it
should not include the Japanese. Those people, there
fore, have bfcen coming in without restriction, other than
that imposed by the general immigration laws. It is
now regarded as demonstrated that the Japanese are a
far less desirable element than the Chinese;' and we have
the singular result of an evident rise in favor of the
Chinese by reason of the contrast between them and
their island neighbors.
The enforcement of the Chinese treaty, by preserving
to the few Chinese here the rights it gives them, raises
an issue that applies to other treaties as well. The un
lawful expulsion of Chinese from Colorado, and the same
acts at Tonopah, in Nevada, accompanied by robbery and
murder, and their expulsion from localities in this State,
which has recently occurred, brjng out the fact that the
Federal Government cannot enforce the observance of
a treaty by djrect action. Foreigners who are here under
the most favored nation clause in treaties are, like'citi
zens, entitled to the protection and subject to the pen
alties of local laws. If they arc denied the one or are
denied justice in the imposition of the other, their first
recourse is to the local authorities. In event of the denial
of justice they have the right of appe"al to their own
Government. Such cases, however, do not arise, for it is
the glory of our jurisprudence that a Chinese coolie is as
safe in the hands of American courts as any citizen.
The expulsion of these people from localities by un
lawful physical force and threats raises another question,
that is exactly like the Boxer tactics against foreigners in
China, and like the various outrages in 'this country
against the subjects of Italy. Under existing laws all
that the Federal Government can do is to respond in
money damages, as it has in the case of the Chinese in
Wyoming and elsewhere, and of the Italian's in Louisi
ana. In the expansion of our influence among the na
tions it may be that some further power of direct action
in the enforcement of treaty rights will have to be de
posited in the Feder-al Government, and the whole ques
tion may come up in considering the proposition to ex
clude Japanese.
We have a treaty of amity and comity with Japan,
and we have also commercial and extradition treaties
with that empire. These treaties pla.ee, her and her peo
ple in exactly the same relations to us as those which
exist between the United States and Great Britain or
any other European power. Japanese have the right" to
come and go, subject only to the immigration laws which
apply to Europeans. The Government of the Mikado
some time ago indicated its intention to oppose and re
sent any different classification of its people, declaring
that it would be degrading and offensive to the national
spirit. 4
For Japan this is an unfortunate time to raise, the
question. In her controversy with Russia she is assert
ing her right to equality of treatment as a world power
influential in the affairs of Asia. Her future depends
upon maintaining this position and her retention of per
fect equality of right in international matters. This she
canjhardly do if compelled to submit to what she regards
as the degradation of her people. This makes the issue
one of extreme delicacy and difficulty, and one of the
chief vexations originating; in our anti-Chinese legisla
tion. Japan at one time proposed to protect her national
dignity by forbidding the migration of her people to the
United States in order to avoid the necessity of what
she regarded as formal disgrace, by legislation.
"He Laughs Best"
The following is a new one on Peter
Martin: Andrew McCreery,' the capital
ist and father of Lawrence McCreery,
the celebrated rolo player, was down
at Burlingame a short time before the
Martin wedding. The gentlemen men
tioned were seated at a table In the
Burlingmamo clubhouse playing whist?
McCreery senior wore a beautiful dia
mond ring, and Martin, wishing to
have a Joke at the expense of the keen
old gentleman, said: "Mr. Creery, that's
a fine ring you have." "Yes," said Mc-
Creery. "it ought to be; it cost $800."
Martin asked to see it and the ring was
handed over.
The others, thinking: to distract Mc-
Creery's attention, passed the stone
from one to J.he other and finally back
to Martin, at the same time turning
the conversation In as many directions
as the diamond had sides. They suc
ceeded for a time', but finally
said: "What about that ring, Martin?"
The latter, who had been trying again
to pass the stone to some one else,
dropped.it quietly to the floor and
winked knowingly to the waiter, say-
Ing: "Why, didn't I return it? I cer
tainly haven't it."- A pretended search
was made, and the waiter finally found
the ring on the floor and returned it.
McCreery quietly thanked him. Then
Martin spoke up: "That's a \-aluable
find, McCreery. and a five would prob
ably be about right for the waiter."
McCreery acquiesced, but said: "I have
na small gold — have you a five, Mar
tin?" Martin chuckled and handed the
amount to the waiter and the Incident
wras closed. As time passed and Mc-
Creery did not refer to It, Martin gen
tly reminded him of the transaction.
McCreery said: "What five? Why, you
had $5 worth of fun out of me. and you
surely don't expect to have the fun and
the money also, do you?" And the five
is still "coming."
THE OBSERVANCE OF TREATIES.
Start to lead with your left for your
Fparring partner's face. He will in
stinctively raise his right arm to guard,
or will in other ways seek to avert ihe
blow. Let your left travel toward- him
only far enough to create the impres
sion that you are about *to lead. Then
Fwingr, hc-ok or !ead straight with the
right.- If you do this quickly enough
and make your objective point what
ever part of his body seems -most un
guarded the chances are. that you will
land. Or feint with the right and then
lead with the left.
Here is another. feint: £tart to lead
for his head;, then change the direction
of your blow and with the same hand
strike for his heart or wind. Inversely,
feint U;t the body, check the blow,
change the direction of the hand and
iead for the face.
Start to swing or hook with your left
or right .for your opponent's body.
Check the course of the blow, let it
describe an upward circle and land on
his jaw. This latter feint requires great
speed, but is one of the most effective
of them all.
Lower both hands and arms with a
suSd^n gesture. When they have drop
ped about six inches, lead for the face
with your left. Your opponent will,
unconsciously, lower his guard in imi
tation of this first gesture of yours (I
don't know why he will do this, but
he'll do It nine times out of ten if your
gesture is auick enough). Your blow
thus passes above his lowered guard
and lands fair and- square on his un
protected face. Of course, swift ac
tion alone will permit you to do this
successfully.
In our next lesson we will take up
"clinches" and "in-fighting."
away. He had a squatter's title only to the land. - ' He
refused therefore to change his place of residence, the
penalty of absenting himself being that he would lose
the property. Soon after he died. Then the hotel was
burned. Mrs. Cummings remained. After twenty-six
years she is in a fair way to get title; to : the- land ;from
the Government.
The Republican Press tells of another citizen who
''has been waiting fourteen years to prove up." The ac
count tells also of several who have expended thousands
of dollars each in the firm and patient belief that finally
they would be rewarded for holding on. Finally v the
Government has ordered 'the opening up for entry of the
lands in question. Fiye townships in all are now thrown
open. The .land is valuable for grazing principally, bur
included in the townships are orchards and some Um
bered claims. When the news arrived in Ukiah that the
Government had acted, after waiting a generation since
the first settlers planted their stakes, there was a rush
to the local land office of the United States. In a short
time more than a score of settlers, each of whom had
lived more than five years on the land claimed by him,
made their, filings. 0
There must be something very attractive in Mendocino
County climate and life that induces patience and per
sistency like this. The entire transaction is an excellent
advertisement for Mendocino County, as it is indubitably
shows in what estimation the land is held by those who
have had opportunity best to know it.
INSTRUCTIVE STUDIES
BY NOTED MEN AND
WOMEN
THE SAN- FRAN GISCQ GALL
JOHN D. SPEECKELS, Proprietor .'.'". ; . . . .'/. Vf: . "Address All Communications to JOHN Hc^AUGHT, Manager .
Publication Office <^^^^fe> .....i .....Third and Market Streets, S. F.
FRIDAY.. ; . ................'..............................•• ............DECEMBER 4,. 1903
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. KRIDAY.' DECEMBER -4,;'t903.
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
Duck to the Sifle.
Peiatinr.
8
Townsend's California glace fruits and
candies, 60c a pound, in artistic fire-
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market St.. above Call bids. •
Special information supplied daily " t»
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau <Allen'a>. 230 Cali-
fornia street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Look out for 73 4tlv front of Key's c«L
cys. house; best eyeglasses, specs, 15-50C*ship." Mr. Morrow thoroughly under
stood his theme and conveyed that un
derstanding to his enthusiastic listen
ers.
The musical programme was as fol
lows: V Violin solo, Hiss Hubbard. ac
companist, Miaa Bender; contralto solo.
Miss Price; soprano solo. Misa Darby;
soprano soio, iliss Greninjrer, accom
panist. Miss Marrack.
An informal hour followed the pro
gramme and light refreshments were
served. Mrs. C. J. Bauer presided.
F. A. Plymire was arrested yester
day on a complaint sworn to by C. C.
Hamilton, secretary of the State Board
of Dental Examiners, chargrfns him
with practicing dentistry without a li
cense. He was released on cash bail.
Alleges He Has No License.
Settle Contest Oct of Court-
t ne contest ol tr* rriu nf the late
Michael J. Donovan, commenced pome
year* axo by Vincent and G^raldine
Donovan, was dlsmisFed yesterday, the
proponent* of the will and the contest
ants having settled th?«.r troubles out
of court. The ontestarsts opposed the
probate cf the will on the ground that
Donovan was incompetent and unduly
influenced.
SACRAMENTO. Dec. 3.— Dr. C. E. Kaia
biids* wai to-day fc«M to a.-.aww to th» 9u
pertor Ccort on a charge of nnr2»r tar cani>
tag th» d*at?! of Mrs. Ac?ie FlfiacJl cf ;»•
vada City by an deration.
linquent.
As the r«??ult at evidetkie giv^n yes
trrd&y by s*veraJ sruests at' thf? ban-
arranged by if»<;rr? HVnnfnsfm
ha honor of the marriage of his daush
;»r. now Mrs. Irvin? Sar.b<)rn. Ju^tir-?
»r th<* Pear? Dunn yp«=terday rendered
judstr.ent f<_:r ZZO in favor of William
¦ '. Knox. a caterer, who eoed for 573
'."•-'-¦- in re due. Tfco testimony of the
ptsestl showed that there were several
Wishes lackins at ;h-» bar.qu»t which
rnoi bad ajrr*»*<2 t'^ furnish.
. '*. H. Van SCordesB tesiined that there
v.it no v*>a! < n the table, although it
was on the m^u.' and he *.vas fomi
'jf veal. too. Thomas Permington testi
fHl that two ladies sitting nest to
h'm had r.o Vienna rolls. al?o on the
rncna. and h* gallantly cut the one on
'rs plate in two and turned tfce rolls
• r,-f»r to the ladies.
Mr«. Irving Sar.born said that an
other ruest was 111 and could eat noth
ing: but bullion, but '"th-re r.as no bul
lion." said Mrs. Osborne sadly. P.obert
.Husband eloquently responded to a
t'Eft to th» bride and EToom. in v-hich
be exhorted the guests to drink their
h*"z!th in flowing bumpers, and a!
.ph the p!as?»s wre on the table,
alas, there was no wine to do the flow
ing. It developed, though, that Kcox
am not contract to furnish wine, but
crily "Quenchthirstade," a new drink.
ih* component parts of which he re
*u««»d to divulge for rcasorj best
known to himself.
Lillie Roe Luke, whoy? - husband.
John Luke, is a plumber, wants a di
vorce because she says Luke hit her
on* the head with a red hot soldering
iron. He also called her harsh names,
she alleges. The Lukes were married
at Fresno in December, 18S5. Suits
for divorce were also filed by Carol
Gottlieb Benjamin Wirth against -Ma
ria Wirth for desertion. Violet Souza
against Julius Souza for cruelty, Eliz
abeth .SI. Ashley against Herbert Ash
ley for desertion and Gertrude W.
Shaw against W. H. Shaw for deser
tion."
Interlocutory decrees of divorce
were granted to Hugh Campbell from
Katherine Campbell for neglect, B. F.
Baddeley from Mamie Baddeley for
desertion. P. J. Banm from Edna
Baum for desertion and Nina Dal ton
Irom B. C Dalton for intemperance.
David Luftspring is suing Pauline
Luftspring for divorce on the ground
of desertion. He charges that with
out cause or reason she willfully aban
doned him in February, 1902. They
were married in New York In July,
1300.
Cruelty is also the ground on which
Lucy C. Baker is seeking a divorce
from Frederick J. Baker, to whom she
was married tn October of last year.
She alleges in her complaint that Ba
ker humiliated her once by saying in
the^ presence of strangers that the in
san* asylum was the proper place for
her and that one of these days he
would be hanged for murdering her.
Emma Benes Is the plaintiff In a
suit for divorce brought against
George Benes. She charges him with
cruelty, alleging that September 14
last he stole all her clothes and either
pawned or sold them. They were
married at Los Angeles In January
1002. - iLVw.-.;.'.
Lena. Rea, who was married to
Jarr.ps Rea of 210 Steiner street Octo
ber 6, 1900, wants a divorce from him
on the ground of cruelty. Sh«> says
that for the last two years her life
has be<»n miserable because of her
husband's habit of curbing- and swear
ing at her and accusing her of beim?
an unfaithful wife. iSlie says he has
a violent temper and is addicted to
the use of intoxicants and that last
Christmas he struck her and threaten
ed to kill her. Mr». Rea was a widow
with two children when she married
Rea. Her name was Boyd. and she
wants to resume that name.
Captain Herbert L. Hatch of the
steamer Monticello. that plies between
this city and Vall»jo, was granted a
divorce from Amelia E. Hatch by
Judge Murasky yesterday. She de-'
parted him. The Hatches were mar
ried at Portland. Or., February 10,
1?S1. They lived together until No
vember, 1300, when Mrs. Hatch left
h«r husband and refused to return to
him. though asked to do po. The evi
dence in the case, which was taken
by deposition, repealed the fact that
Mrs. Hatch, after leaving the captain,
went to Nome. She wrote to him
from there, telling him that she had
been an unhappy wife for twenty
>ears and that rather than continue
living with him under existing condi
tions she would remain at Nome. She
advised him to get a divorce.
Detective Ryan asked that District
Attorney Byington accompany him to
the hotel and Byington agreed to do
so last evening.
Ryan and Byington were to have
proceeded to Mrs. Coifs apartments
at 8 last evening, but they did not do
so. The medical certificate presented
to Judge Fritz yesterday stated that
Mrs. Colt was suffering from valvular
disease of the heart and secondary
chirrosis of the liver, but it did not
say that the woman was unable to be
present in court.
Judge Fritz insisted that Mrs. Colt
come into court and give her testi
mony and that if she was unable to do
so. he proposed to hold the hearing in
her apartments In the Palace Hotel.
Last night Attorney Creswell tele
phoned to District Attorney Byington
that Mrs. Coit's medical adviser. Dr.
de Vecchi, refused to allow his patient
to be seen, but would allow her to be
served with the subpena at 5 p. m.
to-day.
Garnett -was brought into court by
Detective Ryan and was given a seat
next to hia attorney, W. Alford. When
the case was called District Attorney
Byin^ton asketl for a postponement,
owing to the absence of Mrs. Coit.
The court was Informed that Detec
tive Ryan had been refused admission
to Mrs. Colt's apartments at the Pal
ace Hotel and that the officer had
been unable to serve a subpena on
Mrs. Coit to attend the hearing in the
Police Court.
It was agreed that the hearing
should go over uniil Monday morning
at 11:30 and .Judge Fritz instructed
Detective Ryan to go to the Palace
Hotel and serve the subpena on Mrs.
Coit, using 1 all due process o* law to
do so. **
Alexander Garnett, accused by
sworn information and the findings of
a Coroner's jury with the willfull mur
der of Major J. W. McClung, was ar
raismed yesterday afternoon before Po
lice Judge Fritz at the Hall of Ju3tlce.
With the exception of Mrs. Lillian
Hitchcock-Coit. the sole witness to the
murder of McClung". all who had been
summoned to testify in the police
Coi?rt were present.
Unique features of the volume are a
treatise on the protection of oranges
from frost, elaborately illustrated; an
accurate relief map- of California;
beautiful illustrations of fos pillows,
clouds, etc. The volume is most con
cisely indexed and a reference to the
index gives one an immediate line on
anything he wishes to know about the
climate in any part of the State.
These volumes win be available at
the headquarters of the California Pro
motion Committee, Xo. 25 Xew Mont
gomery street.
The California Promotion Committee
has arranged with the Unitde States
Department of Agriculture to distrib
ute a bulletin on the "Climatology of
California" by Professor Alexander G.
McAdle, which embraces the work" of
more than 10O men and is the most per
fect publication concerning climate that
has been issued relating to any State.
The department, on the suggestion of
Senators Perkins and Bard, determined
to publish 1000 extra copies of the bul
letin. The work consists of 270 pages
with thirty-one Illustrations.
The California Promotion Committee
w ill distribute these volumes at the
price of 50 cents each, this amount be
ing refunded to the Government upon
sale. Professor McAdle has been able
to comprehensively utilize the reports
of the many weather observers in all
portions of the State who have contrib
uted to this valuable work. 3Iany in
teresting subjects are treated In this
volume, .among them being an exten
sive discussion of movements of storms
upon the Pacific Coast and the causes,
so far as known, of dry periods. Rain
fall tables are given" at great length,
the book containing possibly the most
complete and exhaustive tables of this
sort in the United States.
Such tables for the last fifty years are
given for San Francisco. Sacramento
and San Diego. They are in full for
every point in the State wherever the
records exceed five years. All the ele
vations In California of 32S0 feet are
published, having been brought down
to date and revised by Professors
George Davidson and J. X. Le # Conte
of the University of California. Engin
eers can find - In this volume all the
rainfall data that has accumulated in
California for the last twenty yean,
and also the excessive rates of rainfalL
Twenty-seven pages of "The Climat
ology" are devoted to the northern and
central coasts, while the climate of the
southern coast takes cp thirty pases.
There has been no discrimination in
the attention given to each locality.
Twenty-nintxfiases are devoted to the
climate of the Sacramento and San Joa
quin valleys and the Santa Clara Val
ley. Precipitatbvi? are given for almost
every locality m the State. Frost Is
quite extensively treated, also fog.
"Although people are wont to complain
in regard to the . tag." said Professor
McAdie yesterday, "ths fog In San
Francisco Is our greatest bank ac
count. It keeps us cool in summer and
strangely enough, it also keeps .us
warm In winter. More money will be
spent by the traveling: public in the
next ten years to get cool la summer
than win be spent by frail ¦ people to
get warm in winter, and during the hot
summer months. San Francisco has a
wonderful asset In her climate."
Captain Herbert Hatch
Gsts Divorce for
Desertion.
Hearing in Murder Case
Is Consequently
Postponed.
Fog Is Considered as an
Asset of City by the
Ocean.
It is better to. break the engagement
than let the engagement break you,
Dr. Jessica Pelxotto will deliver a lec
ture on Russian life to-nlyht at the
South Park Settlement. The lecture
trill -be followed by Htereopticon views
of typical Russian scenes.
Win Lecture en Russian Life.
Wanted to B« Husband's Attorney.
When the suit of Fisher Ames against
Jeremiah Ltnehan to recover $70 rent
was called yesterday in Justice of the
Peace Dunn's court Llnehan's wife re
quested that she be allowed to act as
her husband's attorney. Judge Dunn
recognized that Mrs. Linehan "would
have made a vigorous advocate, but her
husband declined the proffered services
and the case was continued until nqxt
Tuesday to permit the defendant to
secure a regular attorney.
Laborer Killed by a Cave.
Daniel Eheehan, a laborer. 65 years
old, was killed yesterday by the falling
of earth upon him while digging 1 a
trench for a sewer on China avenue,
near Mission street. The trench was
between six and seven feet deep, was
on made ground and caved in, burying
him and several other workmen to the
hips. Kons were Injured and all were
rescued epeedily by other workmen,
but Sheehan died shortly after having
been taken cut. Sheehan was married
and lived at 23 Langtcn street.
Policeman F. W. French, who made
the top score for the local police team
during the revolver match against the
Washington team, was presented yes
terday with a solid sliver match box
by John H. Hammersmith of Hammer
smith & Field, who represented ,the
Washington team here. On one side of
the box French's initials are engraved
and on the other side the number of
poirit3, S4, a copy of the target showing
the position of the shots and the date
of the competition.
Best Shot Gets a Present.
"Said pole being placed there by the
Department of Electricity of San Fran
cisco, and v,e further find that the pole
stood too near the railroad tracks for
safety, and we hereby censure the said
department for having placed it too
near the said track*."
In the ca?e of Joseph Williams,
whose skull was fractured in the Ma
rine Hospital on October 9 during a
scuffle with Richard Hoellger. the jury
charged Hoellger with the crime of
manslaughter.
San Fran:isco's Department of Elec
tricity was cpnsured yesterday by a
Coroner's jury for the death of Maggie
Henney, a 17-year-old girl residing at
1252 Folsom street. On October 11 Miss
Henney was riding on an electric car
on D street, near Forty-ninth avenue.
She was riding on the dummy and
leaned out to see Aeronaut William
Beals fall to his death. As hi3 body
Ftruck the ground a short distance in
front of the car her lioad struck an
electric pole standing close to the track
and her skull was fractured. After re
citing the preliminary facts the verdict
goes on to say:
Electricity Department
Censured for a Girl's
Death.
An open meeting of the Irving Club
was held yesterday, afternoon at Utopia
Hall and an; entertaining programme
was provided for the members and
their, invited : guests. The speaker of
the day. was W.C. Morrow, whose sub
ject was *'**<ie Mysteries of Author-
Mme. Tojetti gave as a prelude to the
music a talk on the "lArgsndz of the
Holy Grail" and of the subject matter
as treated by Wagner. The audience
was large and enthusiastic and an in
formal rece »tion was held at the close
of the programme.
The music section of the California
Club, which has done some remarkable
work under the leadership of Mme.
Emilia Toietti. had a rare and Inter
esting afternoon yesterday in the study
of Wagner's "Parsifal."
Miss Annie K. Wilson, a gifted pian
ist, was the interpreter of the music
of "ParsifaL" Her grasp of the sub
ject was wonderful and the audience
aporeciated .the fact that such a per
formance is seldom heard outside of
the European centers.
• • •
The old Friday Night Club, under the
management of E. M. Green way, will
have its opening cotillon this evening,
In the new ballroom of the •Palace
HoteL Many new members have come
into the club and the allair promises
to eclipse Mr. Greenway's efforts of
last season. ' /
Miss Daisy Burns gave a card party
at her home yesterday afternoon. The
game was eucher and the prizes offered
were handsome and artistic. The draw
ing-rooms were decorated with "white
chrysanthemums and Christmas ber
ries. The guests were the younger
friends of the hostess.
• •-. •
The hostess had receiving with her
Mrs. Garret McEnerney, Miss Amy Por
ter and Mrs. Heber Tiitlen. Mrs. Ses
non's second reception will bo held next
Thursday. J '* *-' ' :
Mrs. William T. Sesnon gave a de
lightful "at home" yesterday after
noon at her home. 33.10 Washington
street, and a large -number of callers
were cordially received and hospitably
entertained. ' -.-V^ >;
The Misses de Gui;rne, the debutante
granddaughters of Mrs. A. M. Parrott.
were guests of honor at a luncheon
given by Miss Casserly yesterday.
Among the guests were several of this
season's buds.
Mis3 Lucie King gave a pretty lunch
eon yesterday complimentary to Miss
Helen Cheseborough. a debutante.
Covers were laid for twelve. ¦
The iruests were Mrs. Edward Pond.
Mrs. "VVakefield Baker, Mrs. Henry
Clarence Breeden. Mrs. Leonard ».'hea
ery, Mrs. William Gerstle, Mrs. Mark
Gerstle, Mrs. II. Macdonald Spencer,
Mrs. J. J. Moore. Mrs. Edward Lacey
Bray ton. Mrs. Henry Foster Dutton,
Mrs. Gerret L. Lansing. Mrs. E. W.
Runyon. Mrs. Charles Lyman Bent.
Mrs. Herbert Younger. Mrs. William
Ellicott. Mrs. Malcolm Henry. Mrs.
Samuel Pond, Miss Belle O'Connor and
Miss Cclia O'Connor.
Mrs. Burns Maedonafd ftnd Mrs.
Hilda Macdonald Baxter gave the sec
ond of their series of luncheons yes
terday at the University Club. Mrs.
Victor Clement of Salt Laka City, at
present visiting the ilacdonalds, was
guest of honor. Ths table was made
artistic with a profusion i of American
Beauty roses.
CITY OFFICIALS
BLAMED BY JURY
MARINER'S WIFE
ABANDONS HIM
MRS. COIT IS NOT
ABLE TO APPEAR
M'ADIE DEALS
WITH CLIMATE
MRS. CLEMENT
HONORED GUEST
AT LUNCHEON
Justice cf the Peace Dunn Cuts Bill
cf Caterer Who Was De-
GUESTS TESTIFY BANQUET
"WAS SHY ON SO:-IE DISHES
President Wheeler of the University
of California has heard from St. Louis
relative to the request of the univer
sity to care- 1300 square feet of space
set aside for a university exhibit In the
Education building at the exposition
ot 1904, but no definite answer has been
received. The head of the Department
of Education is absent from St. Louis,
so say dispatches received yesterday
by President Wheeler and also by Com
missioner Fllcher. but the- matter win
be taken op on Monday next, when the
chief educational official of the exposi
tion will be back at his post. Until
next week, therefore, it win not bm
known whether the exposition man
agement will give up the repaired
space, nor will Ir be definitely deter
mined until after the official answer
comes from St. Louis just what course
the University of California will pur
sue.
UNIVERSITY'S BEQUEST *
'' FOB SPACE GOES OVER
Aba en c? From St Louis of Leading
Official Causes Delay in Arriv
ing at Decision.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL/ FRIDAY. DECEMBER 4, 1903.
.? We have all the new pictures and
frames for the holiday trade cow On ex
hibition and sale. Come and see them.
Sacborn, Vaii & Co, . '.„-..•.¦¦¦
9
ADVESTISZirZUTS.
rReal Easy^^
Save lots el %^
Money J|
Everything that's
Beautiful
Cninaware, Crockery
Glassware
Fancy Holiday
Ornaments and Novelties
Dolls, Lamps, Clocks
Kich Cut Glass
Dinner Sets
Corae before Parting with
your Money
£^ Get our prices 9
Sr fireat American fspertis?^IJ
W Tei Co.
$. J0O Stores g
That's ths Reason. J?
no Grant *r. TCC Lcriiin. 3COG Flrt^nth.
MO PixLh. 475 Hairtt. Cil UocuTt *v.
ESS K«^». ~1« UiMKsn. Z2SS Mte»Jcn.
74«NSeth. 52 U*rket. SW Tfcird.
rtiCS Ftllawre. 2122 24tlt *O FctalX
D D TT O U 17 C *' OR BABB2BS. EX-
t;«»cr«. hockbtrtOtrw. caa<;r-ia»*«rm. canaen.
Cy.t. T t» c.is. Icirafirtea. l*omln««. p«p«r-
Y-rfn, prjeten?. painter*. . •!»• £mctorlf«.
*i v '?— *r.. t»r-roofer*. '-L-iztrs. txliers. «te.
STTCZA23TA2r BSOS^
3nA XiasrMSBz*x«.eo9 Sacnae&to St.
• • AD VZBTISZ3IZNTS. * "5
' " . "-¦' 1-, ' *¦¦ -—
(^^Jy gracefulness,
L\^S\ durabilityand
y$cZJJ utility which
gives our Cabinet
display its beauty
and dignity. Each
j model is a perfect
[ gem, deftly fash-
. foned,oddandfas»
cinating, and exe-
cuted in handsome
Oak and Verni- •
flart in, richly fin-
ished, dull or pcrf- .
ished. As a Christ-
mas gift, a Parlor
Cabinet or Music
Cabinet will at
once give pleasure
and lasting satis-
faction to the re-
c i p i e n t . Prices'
consistent with
unapproached
quality.
Opp. Kearny
Schools and Colleges*
i l*~J IB ft n
t.tahixc BvsccEss coLX^tri: tar Tat
VTEST. S4 Fo«t «t^. Saa Fnadico. OM.
EjtatJUhe-J 40 r*ars. Open tatitm yt*f.
, -Wrttt tar UJaatrated catatop» Utmj,
~ ' ¦ ¦_ ¦ ' ¦ -;_.;' -¦ ¦ - — . ¦ ¦¦ . ' \^ ¦ * •* __' -¦ *¦ ¦
| r-fiYi '•Deab Mes. Phtkham: — Tour medicine has done so mtxh for me I want to tell PinkliamV Vegetable Compound did forme, when safferin? from the^Us^p^l^rto pH^S " '"C^^^^ Xw f
f^y^xM •sr-M'i 2'ik? me '-err-am \o 5ee a car coming even, and I was 50 terriblj run down I did not C is. A. |wf4 /trttr**7Jt J^J^^^^%»|^§^^Tj&^ct
/. ¦; ; -; " A friend suc?ested I take Lydia E. Pinkharn's Vegetable Compound, and on v£pnil iboToteatiiaotiUla, wlJcii will p'ror* their *b«oiatag-cninene«. F^BJra y
bt'fe^l her adTice I bcur'-it a bottle. It did me so much grood I bought more and kept on taking VwUUSJ iydl» 2« FlakJiam Med. Co., 1.711s, Mat*. \'"f^3s^tx\\\ »ti ¦¦¦-. " p^^^ —CHICAGO, Dec. 3. — Joft, Grim of
Philadelphia, the man who failed to
knock Fitzsimmons out In six rounds.
was defeated here to-night by Hugo
Kelly, a Chicago middleweight. Grim
was badly outclassed and was knock
ed down a dozen times. By constant
clinching and staying down the limit
every 'time he.was knocked to the can
vas, however, Grim managed to last
the six rounds.
Jo« Grim Stays Six Bounds.
OAKLAND. Dec. 3.— Police Judge
Mortimer. Smith has taken under ad
visement the case of F. W. Diehl, a
game and poultry dealer charged
with having more wild ducks in his
possession than the law permits. Diehl
was arrested by "VV. R. "Welch, State
Game'Commfssioner. His Honor in re
serving his decision intimated that he
did not believe a merchant was in the
class that the law was framed to reach.
A decision will be rendered on Monday.
Tests New Game Law.
Perhaps you should not play poker, but
if you do, we have the cards and chips,
loose or put up in elegant cases, that will
make the game a pleasure; also plain and
fancy dice, game counters, tally cards,
etc. Sanborn, Vail & Co. •
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Dec. 3.
— George Herbert Clark," '04. rated
the best left end on, the coast, was to
night elected captain of the Stanford
varsity football eleven for next year.
Clark's record as a member of the
cardinal eleven during the last three
years has been a brilliant one and in
knowledge of the game he i9 excelled
by no one on the team. His strongest
point is on defense in breaking up
the Interference and tackling the man
with the ball.
Clark began his career as a football
player at Stanford as fullback on the
'04 freshman team, but did not ap
pear as a candidate for the varsity
until his sophomore year, when he
easily won his position at left end and
the right to the varsity emblem. Next
year will be Clark's last at the game,
the four-year limit barring. him after
that. Clark's opponent in the elec
tion to-n»ght was "Savage" Dole, left
half, and the contest was close. The
captain-elect is a senior In the law
department and registers from Stock
ton. He is a member of the Phi Del
ta Theta and Sigma Sigma fraterni
ties.
Famous Left End Will Lead the Stan
ford University Football Team
Next Season.
GEOUGE HERBERT CLARK
TO CAPTAIN THE CARDINAL
The board had granted a permit for
a boxing tournament at the Tanners*
benefit in which McConnell was In
jured to the Keystone Athletic Club.
The records showed that the permit for
the benefit to McConnell was granted
to the Yosemite Athletic Club on con
dition that the latter organization
would Insure the payment of at least
$1000 for the medical services for Mc-
Connell. It developed that the club had
paid a total of $947 for McConnell'a
care. The committee postponed action
on the complaint until next Thursday,
when Coffroth will be cited to appear
to state his case and produce tha
vouchers.
Mrs. McConnell, mother of Frankle
McConnell, who was injured in a box
ing bout at the Tanners' benefit some
time ago, appeared before the Super
visors' Police Committee yesterday,
complaining- that she had not been
treated properly by James- Coffroth of,
the Tosemite Athletic Club in the ben
efit given to the injured pugilist. The
San Francisco Athletic Club had given
Mrs. McConnell $300 and the Yosemite
Club had paid $500 to the doctors and
$362 to St. Mary's Hospital. It waa
stated that the contestants in the ben
efit had received $2100 of the receipts
and the club had faced a deficit of $117.
The committee strongly expressed ita
disapproval of contestants being paid
such a large sum, thus reducing tha
amount which should have gone to Mc-
Conhell. Mrs. McConnell said she had
no fault to find with Alec Greggains,
but she thought James Coffroth of the
Yosemite Club should give her some
money in addition to the $S62 paid for
medical services and $S5 for Incidentals.
"I will say." said Braunhart, "that
it will be to the interest of the Yosem
ite Club not to have such complaint*
brought before this committee."
Mrs. McConnell Com
plains to Supervisors
of Fight Promoter.
ATHLETIC CLUB
IS UNDER FIRE
The first of the recently arrived East
ern greyhounds to reach this coast will
make their deb'ut to-morrow at Ingle
side Coursing Park. Texas Betty, one
of Cecil Lyons' string, from Sherman,
Tex., and Comstock and Cloudburst,
from the kennel of Blake & Smith of
Montana, will, be tried out by the Cal
ifornia . coursers.
The stake attracted an entry of
ninety-six greyhounds. The first course
will be run to-morrow at 11:30. The
draw last night- at Pythian Castle re
sulted as follows :
Free Born vs. Encore; Tbpsy Turvey y».
Fenli; Lulu Girl "vs. Vina; Firm Fellow vs.
Mer.lo Prince: Tralee Maid vs. Cloverdale;
High Born vs. Rose Tree; Mount Rose vs.
Sllevenamon: Brilliancy vs. Laughing Water;
Harlem Gladys vs. Roy Hughle; Money Music
vs. Otto; Redwood Lad vs. Cloudburst: Ruby
Sankey vs. Colored Lady; Lady Menlo.vs. Mi; I
of the Glen; Marguentte vs. Little Lucy: Miss
Green vs. Dan Pedro; Good Decision vs. Tralea
Lass; Ragged Actor vs. Idleness: Loretta vs.
Beauty Gold; Pasha Pleasant vs. Flamont;
Mountain Poet vs. Idaho Boy; Dorothy M. vs.
Toronto; Mollle Me vs. Cremo; Pepper Jack vs.
Manru; Orslna vs. Prometheus; Jimmy An
thony vs. Gold* Lily: Mark Twain vs. Comlque;
Pure Pearl vs. Doc Burns; Melllnwood vs. Hap
hazard; Lady Plnta vs. Jerry Wright;
Conroy vs. Piker; Comstock vs. North
ern Alarm; Rock and Rye vs. Toung Fearless;
Wedgewood vs. Special; Raby Aurora vs. Irish
Lad; Irvlngton Tralee vs. Queen's Motto; To
basco Bob vs. Bob R; Lord Granard vs. Rag
urn-?; Remfsso An'mo vs. Real Duchess: Rocke
feller vs. Dear Gaston; Ouida vs. Yello-w Tail:
Rich Argosy vs. Texas Betty: Little Plunger
.vs. Full Moon; Yankee Boy vs. Luxury; Maid
of Cowrie vs. Concord Boy; Sofala vs. Glaucus;
Lucky Shamrock vs. Linda Vista: Tom Hurllcll
vs. Homer Boy; Black Coon vs. Doreen.
The flate of the closing of the pre
liminary round will be decided by the
tournament committee. The date for
the closing of the remaining rounds
will be decided at the next meeting.
It was decided to allow the mem
bers four weeks in which to post their
names on the bulletin board at the
green for a doubles tournament,
which will be started in January.
Partners will be drawn, Nos. 1 and 2
play 3 and 4, and so on.
The following committees were ap
pointed: Green — H. L. Tickner, A.
Foreman and A. A. McVicar; tourna
ment — George Center, J. Reid and T.
McNaughV, committee for testing
bowls — A. Wilkie, J. M. Duncan and
J. C. Moffatt. y".<
First round (lower half) — R. McBean vs. J.
McLaren; George Lackie vs. P. A. McCrae; H.
Hamilton vs. J. W. Elder; J. P. Taylor vs. W.
Balnaves; J. C. Moffatt vs. D. R. McXell; Jo
seph Gray vs. D. S. Collins: A. H. McDonald
vs. Hugh Barr; Dr. Crawford vs. E. C. Me
deau: A. M. Merson vs. George Center.
¦ First round (upper half) — W. Stewart vs. J.
M. Barsman; J. T. Dare vs. G. W. Hazen;
Dr. Hamilton vs. A. Craig; T. G. Alken vs.
'Joseph Black; G. Hlslop vs J. D. Robertson;
R. Dalzlel vs. M. L. Crowe; J. Rolf Jr. vs. H.
L. Tlckner; W. Watson vs. W. Hamilton; W.
A. Cook vs. James MeNab.
A general meeting of the San Fran
cisco Scottish Bowling, Club waa held
last night in Scottish Hall .and much
important business was transacted.
Fourteen new members were elected,
bringing the total membership up to
92. The following were elected
members: E. J. Clinton, James Gil
christ. J. Marsden, W. J. Watson. T.
Millar, P. Noble, P. J. Weniger. H. H.
Lynch, G. W. Hazen, Charles Adams.
A. H. MacDonald, Dr. George Gunn.
W. B. Hamilton and P. H. McNear.
The officers of the club were re
elected and are as follows: Y. C.
Lawson, president; John McLaren,
vice president; Thomas G. Aiken. sec
retary' and .treasurer.
The drawing for a new singles
tournament was held. Heretofore the
number has been limited to sixtyTfour,
which is a power of two, and brought
play down to two me#. It waS de
cided not to limit* the number, but to
have a preliminary round and thus al
low all the members of the club to
enter. Ninety-two names, the full
membership of the club, were drawn,
as follows:
Preliminary round — J. Stott vs. Thomas Rolf;
Rev. W. K. Guthrle vs. H. H. Lynch; G. C.
Patterson vs. P. Noble; J. D. McGUvray vs.
James Hutchlnson; C. Stewart vs. A. A. Mc-
Vlcar; T. P. Ross vs. A. Wood; T. J. Welch
vs. John Reid; J. Gorrle vs. Y. C. Lawson; P.
J. Wlnegar vs. James GUchrist; P. L. Dunn
vs. W. J. Watson; A. B. MaRuire vs. T. M.
Latimer; Alex Rannle vs. J. II. Mclnnes; A. R.
Patterson vs. T. Millar; J. McLachlan vs. E.
J. Clinton; R. D. Colquhoun vs. A. Hay; R.
Park vs. R. M. Turner; William Rennle vs. J.
B. Low; Rev. R. Logan vs C. Adams; A. Fore
man vs. Thomas McNaught; Colonel McGregor
vs. James Duncan; G. Gunn vs. J. Webster; S.
Irvlngr vs. D. O'Brien; James Hutchison
vs. A. McXalr; D. Dalzlel vs. W. R. Eaton; J.
Duncan vs. J. Marsden; W. A sard vs. A.
Mackle: James^Gray vs. R. R. l'Hommedleu;
A. Wllkle vs. J. Mearns.
Officers Are Chosen and New
Members Admitted at
General Meeting.
Ninety-Six Dogs in All Will
Go Into the Slipper's
Hands.
Devotees of Scottish
Game Enter for
Coming v Event;
Three Are Entered in
This Week's Stake
at Ingleside.
EASTERN HOUNDS
TO START HERE
BOWLERS PLAN
BIG TOURNAMENT
OAKLAND RACETRACK — THURSDAY, Dec. 3. — Weather fine. Track faat.
54O2. FIRST RACE— Seven furlongs; selling: 3-year-olds and up; value. to first. $325.
Index] Hone and Owner. Wt St. 14- %. %. Str. Ffa. -| Jockey. Op. Cl.
MM" Velma Clark. 5 . . . *91 4 1 B 1 5" 1 4 1 |%1 «4 J. Booker. . 6-S 4-6 .
SJ78 Rlnaldo. a (Slskiyou Stable).. 07 1 2 1«2 2«2< 2 3%2 h L Jackson. « ll-Z
MM ISllver Fizz, \ (G. Lanka).... 87 8 7 2 « »#» J -t JJ"i' o U T s^nrV ' 8 10
6330 Achilles, 4 (McCabe & Co.)... OS 5 31 3 %33 3 % 4 2% L. Spencer.. 8 10
5305 Gr. Sachem, a (J. J. Moran). 87 2 4 % 4 1 4n o8 5, Moran..... -0 30
5,tti2 Roce of Mav 4 rKlrk & Co.). 87 8 8 4 7 n 7 2%8 5 t> n J. Lewis 4 8
K71 Autrie 4 (Canm, &Co ).:... 104 3 5 1 5 94 6 6 7^74 Henderson . M
Zm l^flbout 4 (Mrs SandeVs)... 104 7 6 n 8 5 8 4 6 n 8 % Knapp ..... 20 30
5,177 IXo Friend. 3 (H. Stover) 00 0 9 9 8 9 0 Chandler ... 20 60
Tlme-:24 -A8% 1:14 1:27. At port '4% minutes. Oft at 2:16%. Clark, place 2-5; ; show.
1-5 Rlnaldo dace • 8-5: show, 7-10. Fizz, show, 1. Winner, eh. m. by Klsmet-Tul-
L Trained by E J. Ramsey. Scratched-Slr Christopher. Start good. Won easily.
Next two In a hard drive. Velma away sailing. Rlnaldo ran his race Silver Fizz
closed coiJPderabU^ lost ground. Achilles does not run to his work. Rose of May no speed.
r»1O.'!. SECOND RACE— FutUPlty course; purser 2-year-olds; value to first. $325.
IrTdeTj Horse and Owner. IWt|St. \j. %. %. Str. Fin. | Jockey. gP-J^
5^o"otto Stifel (SchTeiber) [105 3 ... 1 1^12 "l 1 1 2>& D. Hall... . 1 9-10
JJ37» Juds-e (M. J. Daly) 112 1 ... 2 2 2 % 2 4 2 4 J. Dalj 6 8
3385 Ananlai (J. F. Schorr) 103 10 ... 7 $ 4 n : l>i« U4 Itee«V..i.;. B \
Ml»l • Telephone (R. A. Smith) 100 9 ...» 2 1 % 0 h 4 Larsen/.... 8 9
53.17 The Bugaboo (Eppinger)......100 ft ... 8 2 n^niRi l°^J — ' ao 6U
5.:(i7 Florlana Belle (Miller & Co).. 0716,... 4 \y z ,i 1«44 ¥t « b Kna PP '.'" VX
B301 Bombardier (Jennings) 100 2 ...5 * MW| T 2£ J Martin.. 10 20
..... Et Tu Brute (J. J Moran).. 00 7 ... 11 5 11 2 9 1 8 1% Moran -0 10O
5349 Sir Appleby (Ferguson) 10.! « ... «n 8 2 8 2 9 n Adkins .... 5 7
MS5 ! William Parrish (^ G. Morton) 07 H ... 10 5 10 2 10 2 10 J. Booker. . 30 60
G35(i iThi- Tew (n Wilson) .. 00 4 ... 3 V. 9 S 11 4 11 8 R. Wilson.. 20 100
. .; Ijstlmy 12 ' : - 12 12 12 12 Chandler " 20 10 °
Time— :24 -4SV, 1 OIH. At post 1% minutes. Off at 2:40. Stifel. place, 2-5; show. 1-4.
Judge, place 3; u'nowf 6-5. Ananias, show. 4-5. Winner, 'b. c. Saln-Wetunka-
Trained by W. Whalen. Start fair. Won handily. Next three driving hard.
best Judge did not swerve In stretch to-day. Ananias ran his race. Telephone will do
foon. William Parrish off poorly. ¦^£k'" s Jp"jSlrApj^ebyInallj|or^^
54O42 THIRD RACE— Six furloncs; purse; all ages; value to first. $325.
Index I Horse and Owner. [Wt|St. M... K. %. Str. Fin. | Jockey, j Op. ~Ct
(.^sHoTlSan Nicholas, 4~7fl. & W.).... U3 1 ... 11 1 2','fcl 2%1 3% Adkins ..... 1-2 2-5
538S Geheimness, 3 (Schreiber).... 107. 3 ... 2 % 2 % 2 1%2 g D. Hall.... 4 9 ; 2
.... Allopath 4 (Lemasney) 110 «... 5 Vj 3 »i 4 3^3 5 Foley 8 25
4.Vit Jarretiere d'Or 4 (Atkln). . . . 110 7 ... 4h 6 5 5 2 4n Tullet 8 20
KSW Hellas 3 (JCreely) ....... -1107 4 ... 3n 4 1%« 8 5 h L. Jackson. 100 300
4173 SUllcho. 3 TU^S) :..:... 107 5 ... 6 4 5 % 3 U, 6 8 J.Martin.. 10
¦'Urro Ping, a (Chappelle) 1110 2 ... 7 7 7 7 J. Lewis... 100 oOO
Time— :2i% :47«i 1:13V*. At post V* minute. Off at 3:04. Nicolas, place 1-5; show,
1-15. Geheimness., place, 3-5; ehow, 1-5. Allopath, show, 6-5. Winner, b'.k. h. by
Reggle-Virglnla Dare. Trained by D. Stone. Scratched — Rosle Ban. Martinmas. Start
good. Won in a gallop. Next two driving to the limit. San Nicholas Is a hummer.
Geheimness ran a nice race. , Allopath will take some beatlne at a longer route. Jar
retiere d'Or will be hard to' beat next time out in his claas. Hellas had speed.
Stlllcho ran a very good race.
K -IO5. FOURTH RACE — One mile; selling; 3-year-olds and up; value to first, $325.
Index Horse and Owner. IWtlSt. %. M- %. Str. Fin. | Jockey, j Op. CL
(5384) Buccleuth. 4 (Schreiber) 1106 6 31 3 % 3 1%1 1^1 1% D. Hall. ... 4-5 4-5
53H7 Galanthus. 5 (Mrs. Coffey). ..|101 8 7n 41 4 1W V, 2 % Reed _6 7
53V3 Burdock, C (II. F. Parks) (101 1 2 1 2 1 1 n 2,n 3 2^ Chandler .. 30 <N>
534S Tamm. 3 (W. P. Magrane)... 95 0 0 9 7 2^5 n 4} 3% f Booker.. 8 16
B387 Outburst, 0 (J. McAlester). .. 105 3 5 14 6 n 5 n 6 M, 5 2% I. Powell.'. 60 100
6374 G W. Trahern, 4 (Ky. Stable) 103 7 8 h 7 Vi 6 h 8 2%6 2Mt Adklna 15 M
5:iOO^Snark, 5 (D. S. Fountain) 101 2 1 2 1 %'2 h 4 2 7 3 ' J. Martin.. 8 8
4480 Myriad Dancer. 4 (Hanlon).. <|104 5 6 1 6 h 8 >4 7 \i, 8 U, Haack ....t 30 100
5378 Gawalne. f. (W. E. Cotton). ..|101 44n8H0 0 0 jBlrkenruth 15
Time— :25*i, :C0, 1:16, 1:42V>. At poet 2Vi minutes. Off at 3:29»i. Buccleuth, place, 2-5:
show, 1-5. Galanthus, pface, 2; show, 7-10. Burdock, show, 3. Winner, b. g. by Odd
Fellow- Montgomery Cooper. Trained by R. Williams. Scratched — Egg Nogg, Illowaho.
Start good. Won cleverly. Next three driving hard. Winner -beat. Burdock on dress
parade to-day. Tamm came from the woods. Too far for. Snark^
."5-1OO. FIFTH RACE — Seven furlongs; selling; 3-year-olds and us: value to first, $325.
Index Horse and Owner. |Wt|St. fc. %7 %. Str. Fin. j jockey, j Op. cT
(4076) Somenos 3 (A.~"josephs) 102 C 2 Hil h 1 % 1 1 1 *L J. Martin.. 6> 5
53S« Blissful. 3-(E. B. Smith) 103 4 5 2&f n 2 % 3 1%2 2'.i Foley 8-5 8-5
5300 I.ouis Wagner, 4 (McAllister) 103 5 1 n 2 3 3 2 4 % 3 2 Adkins 4 . 8
5.1VT Oambaeores, 5 (V. Gilbert). .. 106 16 6 6 0 4 11. Powell... 6 '.12
532C Kitty KeHy, « (Ktanfield) 100 3 4 1^4 2!44 2%2 n 6 4 J.Lewis 4 5
5377 Anvil rtj (J. T. Strite) 100 2 3n52 5n3%8 Kunz 3 0
Discus, 3 (Johnson & Co.)... 103 7 Pulltd up. M. Johnson. 50 • 150
Time— '°ri?i :48 1:14% 1:27»4. At post 4 minutes. Off at 4:00. Somenos, place, 2: show, 1.
Blissful, place. 3-5; show. 1-3. Wagner, show, 8-5. W r lnner, ch. c. by Worcester-Louise
Michel. Trained by W. M. Murry. Scratched—^Quiet. Start good. Won ridden out. Next
three driving Somenos was ready and was well clayed. Blissful not quite straight
when barrier was released. She was best. Louis Wagner was an easy third. He will
do^Anyllranacheap-hreklng^
54O7. SIXTH RACE^ — One mile and 70 yards: selling; 3-year-olds and up; value first, $325.
Index I Horse and Owner. j IWtlSt. %. H- %• Str. Fin. | Jockey. I Op. CK
fsW~|F. Woods. 0 (Garden C. Sta.). 89 4 5 4 4 4 6 2 h 1 n IJ. Lewis 6 9-2
5353 Glenarvon, 3 (Fisher) 00 5 1 % 1 «4 2 1^3 1«2 h Reed ...... 6-5 6-3
53C2 lOonstellator. 6 (Keating) 101 2 2 1&1 n 1 n 1 n 3 2 IL. Jackson. 3 16-5
(f>3.S7)iMeehanup. a (Rector) 110 1 3 % 2 ?J 3 h 45 45 fAdklns 2 7-2
0::71 |Harry Thatcher, C (Hastings). 100 3 4 1V^5 5 5 5 |J. Martin.... 10 30
Tlnie ¦°4'4 •JSSi, 1:13%, 1:42, 1:45%. At post 4V4 minutes. Off at 4:30%. Woods, place,
0-5-' show 1-2 Glenarvon, place, 1-2; show, 1-4. Constellator, show, 1-2. Winner b. g.
by 'Gano-Aunt Betsy. Trained by J. W. Donathon. Start good. Won In a hard drive
of three Frank Woods "bucked" In. Glenarvon no wonder. Constellator tired. Adkins
on Meelianus found all the pockets he could. Horse should have rolled In.
Cocker rpanMs: P^'jiy Jogs <black) — First.
Percy Weeks' ' "Black Beau"; second, Harry
J. Moore's "Ben. 1 ' Novice dogs (blarkl— First,
I>. C Brown's "Frisoo Boy"; second, Percy
Weeks' "Black Beau 1 '; third, A. L. Cress
v.ell'e "Midnight." Limit doge— First, Charles
.Heffernan's "•Portland Dude"'; second, Mrs. C.
Da J&rdln's "Delverton Cappi." Open, dogs
< black)— First, J. Herrey Jones' "Black SUk
'II"; second, Mrs. Ebil C. Mey*rs' "Glenwood
Havoc"; third* Charles Hrtlernan's "Portland
nude." "Winners' dogs <black) — First, Jarr.es
Hervey Jones' '"Black Eilk II"; reserve, Mrs.
Phil C. Meyers' "Gle-nwood Havoc." Puppy
bitches (black)— First, D. P. Cresswell'«
"Bces": second, Delverton Kennels' "Princess
Vctive." Novice bitches — First, Frank Es
mond's "Babe." Limit bitches — First, James
H. Jones' "Miss Frivolity"; second, Teasel
<Jown Kennels" "Mill Girl." Open, bitches —
riret.'Mrs. Phil C. Meyers' "Maisle"; second,
Ttaecidown Kennels' "Holly Down*." Win
ners" bitches — First. Mrs. Phil C. Meyers'
"GJenwood MaJsSe"; reserve. James II. Jones'
"Mips Frivolity." Puppy dogs, (solid colors
.ether then black) — First, Delverton Kennels'
"Dc-lverton d'Or"; second, W. R. Wright's
"Sport W"; third, Mrs. F. Esmond's
-"Brownie." Limit doss — First, Miss A. Far-
T!O'« "•Victory A." Winners 1 dogs — First, Miss
A. Fame's "Victory A"; ¦ reserve, Delverton
Kennels' "D'Or." Novlcw .bitches — First, J.
H. Jones' "Little Maid"; second, A. Wolfens*
"•'alifornia." Limit bitches— First, Delverton
Kennels' "Florodora." ; second, A. Wolfens"
' "California." Open, bitches— First, J. H.
Jones' "Tlumeria Sappho" ; second, Delverton
Kennels' "Little Dorrtt." Winners' bitches—
Fir*t. J. H. Jones' "Plumerla Sarpho"; re
trn'f, Delverton Kennels' "Florodora." Pup
!•>' .dor* <parti colors) — First. Percy Ward's
¦"niornhiH Totnales." Novice dogs — First,
Portland Cocker Kennels' I "Portland Kid";
wcond. MIes A. Farno's "Teddy Roosevelt";
third, Mrs. Phil C. Meyers' "Glenwood
Km ky." Limit doge— First, Portland Cocker
Kenw-lx' "PorUand Kid": second, Mrs. C. W.
Sharpies 1 ""Bf-n Ora." .Winners' dors — First,
1'ortland Cocker Kennels' "Portland Kid" ; re
*pr\n. Percy Ward's "Thornhill Tomales."
Ko\ic* l)ltches — First, Portland Cocker Ken
nei* 1 "I'ortland Dal! 1 }-"; second, Mrs. Phil C.
Meyers' ""Glenwood Chocolate"; third, Delvetv
u»n Kennels' "Paprika." Open, bitches — First,
T-hcrnhill Kernels' "Thornhill Lady Bountl
ml." Winners' bitches— First. Delverton Ken
<r»lh' "I'aprika"; reFervc, Portland Cocker
Kennels' ."Portland Daisy." Special for best
kenn«>l cockers — Won by J. Hervey Jones.
Collie*: Puppy drygs — First. Mrs. George W.
FUnnle'n St. Clare Gecixe; second, George \V.
lUennie"*) DM Hall I^addie: third. Joe Dober's
<Jrn»«kirk Emerald Boy; rei«»rve. Joseph Bloom
lierR'h I'tni<arn Lad. Novice, docs — First, Ar
thur Lett's Kavenswood; ise<-ond, Thomas S.
Griffith's Gl^n Tana Sentinel; third. Irving
Tt>«-nsrnd'* Tyke; V. H. C, S. H. Weston'e
An.ifro; V. II. C. John Perry's Larry Bonnie;
V. H. C. A. K. Spracues Marengo; H. C,
J. Cofff-y's Hisrhland Duke. Limit,
. rto^s — Flrnt. Artt«ur Lett's Ravenicwood; sec
ond. Thomas Griffith's Glen Tans. Sentinel;
third. O.' J. Albee's Ormsklrk Surprise; reserve,
Irving Tcwnsend's T>ke; V. H. C-, J. C. Ber
rtf« S.r Norman; C. M. Coffey's Sir Henry.
• <lj<n, desrs— First, Arthur Lett's Ravenswood;
•"•cor.a, LVatli Hill Kennels' Ha never Monarch;
third. Thomas S. Grifnth'e Blen Tana Sen
linel; reserve, Irving Townsend's Tyke; V. 21.
C. O. J. Albee's Ormsklrk Surprise. Winners'
dogs — First; Arthur Lett's Ravenswood; re
hrr\t. Beach Hill Kennels" Hanover. Monarch.
Puppy, bitches — Arthur Lett's California Ivy;
accend. Dr. W. .P. Burnbam'a Sunset Bell;,
DOG SHOW AWABDS.
ErsrliFh setters: Puppy dogs— First, W. E.
M«;uHon *> Palo Alto: seoond. W. E: Moulton s
I'<1^- third W E. Moulions Mayfleld. Novice
.iops— j-irrt. Mrs-. Tttomas Murphy's Victoria
Fleet: w^onJ, Mrs-. Thomas Murphy's Lady s
Ivan; third. ¦ F. A. Jarrteslve's Chicot;^ reserve,
1> W Lonpan's Governor. Winners' dogs —
rir«t John Hijillnger's Stylish Sergeant: re
t-Tve, Mrs. Thomas Murphy's Victoria Fleet.
i-aiTJ' r»t< hes— First. W. E. Moulton'e Arrow.
Nowce biu he*— Fin*. Mrs. Thomas Murphy's
FairUnd Fleet. Limit bitches— First. John
Riplinger'n <"hamjiion Pera. Open, bitches —
First, John Itipllnger's Champion Elloree; sec
ond Mr*. Thomas Murphy's Champion Fan
chon; third. C. <". Lw'f Laura L. Winners
bitchrp— Fust, John Ripllnger's Champion El
lerec; reserve, John Rlfclinger's Champion
Ptra.
'Irish setters: Limit dogs— First. F. B. Ad
ams Conn. Open, dug*— Firet. B. W. I>jri
esn's Enu-rald. Winners' dogs — First. F. B.
Adamf 1 Con; reserve. B. W. Ivorigan's Emer
ald. I"uj'py and winners — First, Mrs. Thomas
Mnrptrjr'a Wore^n Murphy.
Got don witers: Limit and winners — First.
A. tt\ Watson's Doc.
Irifh water epaniels: Open and winner
bitches — First, James E. tfpink's Florodora.
Limit and winner degs— First, August Chris
ten#<en'fe The Gossoon.
Boston terriers: Novice dogs— First, Rich
ard J. Jose's Boston Jack; second, Mrs. W. U.
IJeming'e Lord Ru«bie. Winner dogs— First,
Richard J. Jose's Boston Jack; reserve, Mrs.
W H. Deming's Lcrd Rusbie. Novice bitches
—First, Mrs. W. il. Deming's Dixey D. Op*n.
bitches— Firet. W. H. Deming's Endcliffe Bet
ty. Open, bitches — Flrpt. Mrs. W. H. Demlng's
Kndcliffe Vtrnette. Winner bitches— First.
Mr*. V H. IVming's Endelifle Vernette; re
fceiA»> Mr*. W. 11. Deming's Endcliffe B^tly.
Irish terri»-r«<: Puppy dogs— First. Ml»s
ISacxenrie' e Mr. Dooley. I. in;;; dogs — First,
Mrs "•>¦. R. Whlttler'iP Irish. Limit dog* —
rii'*t7 Mrfc. W. It. WhiUier'a Irish. Open
dogs:— First, Mrs. W. R. WhUtlt-r's Irish; t.ec
cnd. Mr. Walker's Ivlwtlde Dangan. First
winner*. — Mrs. W. It. Whittier's Irish; reserve,
Jliss M. Mackenzie's Mr. Dooley. Limit
liiuhrs — First. J. <\ IVrret's Tyrone Lues;
•Rerond. John Allan's Lady Powers, open,
l)iich«* — Kirs<t. Walkers Royal Nor*<en' and first
winner*; second. J. *\ lirrt-t'B Tyrone Lass.
Three of the entries in the. collie
class wore said to be the best trio ever
t=ecn in a show on this coast. They
were fit to compete in any company.
Kavenswood. owned by Arthur Letts
of Los Angeles, captured the blue rib
bon. This dog won thirty-seven firsts
in Ensrlanfi as a puppy. Second prize
went to Champion Hanover Monarch,
owned by Miss Beach of San Jose.
•The third prize went to Glentana Sen
tinel, owned by Mrs. Griffiths of Spo
kane. The complete list of awards
made yesterday follows:
A unique and pleasing feature of
the show was the clever trick stunts
performed by four dogs under the
chappronage of "Dad" Moulton, the
noied Stanford University trainer.
Shortly before the pavilion was closed
for the night, "Dad" trotted his per
formers out into the center of the ring
and for half an hour he put his acro
batic pets through an interesting per
formance which made a hit with the
assemblage.
John Kiplinger of Seattle was one
of the most notable prize-winners of
the day. His superb kennel of English
setters carried off all the available
prizes in their claps. These dogs
were the center of attraction and they
well deserved the compliments so gen
trously bestowed upon them. They
won first prize in every class in which
thev were exhibited.
Around the judges' stand a large
crowd congregated and this particular
retreat was the meeting place of those
who knew. Much interest was mani
fested in each and every decision, and
whenever one of the favorite pets of
the show waa awarded a prize, it was
generally the signal for a round of
hearty applause.
Dog. cat and poultry fanciers in ev
ery walk. of life wended their way to
Mechanics' Pavilion last night to
cratch the proceedings of the third day
of the animal enow. All day long and
far into the night, the interested ones
paraded about the building, devoting
their attention to the numerous ca
nines, the high-grade chicks or the
pedigreed rats tliat were bo well repre
sented at the show.
Buff Cochin Bantam: Malcolm Lamond won
first cock, first hen., first, second, third and
fourth cockerel; pullet, first and second: pen.
first; U. H. Holland won third pullet.
Kllver-fipangled Hamburg: Cock First
Malcolm Lamond, Oakland: second. H. H. Hol
land. Hen — Flrat and second. Malcolm • La
mond; third, H. H. Holland. Cockerel First'
Malcolm Lamond. Pullet — First. J. H. Crow,
Oakland; second, third and fourth, Malcolm
Lamond; fifth, Mrs. A. Murphy. Oakland
White Minorca:. Pen— First, Miss Forbes.
Blue AndalUEian: Cock — Second, H. II. Hol
land. Cockerel— First, Mm. K. B. Newman
Santa Ana. Hen— First. H. H. Holland: sec
ond and third, K. L. Andrews. Pullet First
H. C. Bonafice; second.' H.' H. Holland: third
Mrs. E. B. Newman. Pen — First, Inglewood
Poultry Yard«, Lot Angeles.
Light Brahma: Cock, first, second and third
John ' Ruxsell, East Oakland. Hen — First, sec
ond, fourth and fifth, John Russell; third, H.
H. Holland, Fresno. Cockerel— First, second,
third, fourth and fifth, John Russell. Pullet-
First, second, fourth and fifth. John Russell;
third, Florence Forbes. Pens — First. John
RuKsell; second and third, Mira Forbes. ,
Buff Wyandotte: Cock — First, P. A. Robin
eon, Benlcla. Hen — First, . James Bunderland
Ea«t Oakland. Cockerels — First, James Sun
derland: second. D. B. Naylor, Hay wards
third. P. A. Roblnecn; fourth; D. A. Naylor.
Pullets— First, second, third, D. A. Naylor'
fourth and fifth, James Sunderland.
Cornish Indian Game: Cock — First, second
and third, Ptrcy Ward, Frultvale. Cockerel —
First. E. S. Gunby, Compton; second, Percy
Ward. Hen — First, second and third, Percy-
Ward. Pullet— First, second, third and fourth,
Percy Ward. Pen — First. Percy Ward.
Houdans — First and second cockerel and first
and second pullet, J. J. Truman, Gllroy.
Bladk Langsham: Cockerel — Fit»t, P. C.
Mayer, Ean Mateo; second, F.- Fen wick, Port
land, Or. Pullet— First and second, F. Fen
wick.
Black Cochin Bantam: First cock, first and
second hen, nret cockerel, F. Fenwlck.
White Wyandotte: Cock— First, Santa Te
resa Poultry Farm; second, James .Hague;
third and fourth, Santa Teresa Poultry Farm.
Cockerel — First, Miss Florence Forbes, Napa;
second, third and fourth. Santa Teresa Poultry
Farm; fifth, J. W. Morrlsey, San Francisco.
Hen — First, third and fourth, Santa Teresa
Poultry Farm; second, James Hague. Pullet
— First and fifth, Santa Teresa Poultry Farm;
second, J. W. Morrlsey; third, Florence
Forbes; fourth, James Hague. Pen — Santa Te
resa Poultry Farm. •¦
Light Brahma Bantam: Cock — First, II. G.
Torley, Oakland: second. W. H. Demln, Menlo
Park. First hen. first cockerel, first pullet — H.
G. Torley. Burbrldge & Co., Los Angeles, won
on Black Orpington first cock, first and second
hen. first and second pullet; on White Orping
ton, first cock, first cockerel, first and second
hen, first, second, third and fourth pullet; on
Diamond Jubilee Orpington, first cock, first and
second hen. first pullet; on Spangled Orpington
first cock, first cockerel, first and second hen)
first pullet: on Rose Comb Spangled Orpington,
first cockereU
Silver VyandotUs: Cock, cockerel, hem —
First, James Mitchell, St. Helena. Pullet—
Flirt and second. James Mitchell.
UuCf Plymouth Rocks: Cock — Second, G. D.
Lubben. Alameda. Cockerel — First. Dr. T. B.
Kay Kre»no. Pullet — First, Dr.' T. B. Kay;
second, H. II. Holland. Fresno; third. Dr. T.
B. Kay. H*n— First, II. II. Holland; second
and third, Dr. T. B. Kay.
Golden Wyandotte: Cock — Second, James
Mitchell. Cockerel— First, J. English, Fresno;
second, James Mitchell. Hen — Second, James
Mitchell. Pullet — First, James Mitchell; sec
ond, J. English ; third, James Mitchell.
White Minorca: Cockerels — First and sec
ond. W. S. Rose, Antloch. Pullet— First, W.
6. Rose.
POULTRY SHOW AWARDS.
Blenheim spaniels: Open, doge — First, James
Good's "Rufun." Open, bitches — First, James
Good's "Pansy"; second, James Good's "Tril
by."
Jap spaniels: Open, dogs — First, Miss Paul
sell'» "lnglenook Ko-Ko."
Miscellaneous: Pit bull terrier — First, Miss
Florence Emery's "Dixon."
Old English sheep degs: Open, dogs — First,
Charlecombe Kennels' "His Majesty of Char
lecombe."
Bulldogs: Limit dogs — First, George W.
<*hase'« •"Boer"; second. San Jose Bulldog
Kennels' "Captain Absolute." Open, dogs —
Firet, George \V. Chase's "Boer"; second, San
Jose Bulldog Kennels' "Captain Absolute."
Novict- dogs — First, Dresser & Simpson's
••Bully": cecond. Dr. L. R. Gambltz's "Wood
lawn Masquerade." Winners' dogs — First,
George W. Chase's "Boer"; reserve. Dresser
& Simpson's "Bully." Novice bitches — First,
Pan Ju»e Bulldog Kennels' "Madame Chad
dy": second, D. Trowbridge's "Ranee"; third,
Fred Clarke's "Solano Daisy." Limit bitches —
First. Fred Clark's "Solano Daisy": second,
San Jose Bulldog Kennels' "Her Majesty of
t'harlecombt." Open, bitches — First, San Jose
Bulldog Kennels' "Madame Chaddy"; re
serve, D. Trowbridge'n "Ranee."
Toy Pommeranian: Open, bitches — First,
Charleoombe. Kennels* "Naughty Atom of
Cliarlecombe."
Pommeraniar.n: Open, dogs — First, Miss
Louise Bernstein's "Beauty."
Toy poodles: Open, dogs — Firet, Mrs. Moul
ton's "Bummer" ; second, James Good's
"Teddy Roosevelt." Open, bitches— First,
James Good's "Beauty."
Mexican halrlpse: Open, dogs — First, Mrs.
Mculton's "Cupid." Open, bitches — First, Mrs.
Mculton's "Bing Bing" ; second, Mrs. Moul
ton's "Jane."
Italian greyhounds — First, Mrs. Payne's
"Leto."
Chows: Open, dogs — First, Mrs. de Bar
row's "Kong." Open, bitches — First, Mr*, de
Barrow's "Honr."
The grounds are in fine condition
and the ponies have greatly improved
under recent practice. A special
match will be played Sunday after
noon at Mr. Carolan's Cross Ways
Farm at Burlingame, beginning at 3
o'clock. The sides will be: Reds —
F. J. Carolan, T. A. Driscoll, Joe Tobin
Jr.; L. McCreery. Whites — Charles
Dunphy, W. A. McCreery, E. W. How
ard and R. M. Tobin. There will be
regular practice games every Tuesday
and Thursday for the present and
match games on Sundays. There is
much enthusiasm manifested by both
players and spectators, and the season
gives promise of exciting sport.
third. Charles H. Biggs' • Princess IVa Wa.
Novice, bitches — First, Thomas S. Griffith's
Brandane Marioiislea; second, Charlecombe
Kennels' Miss Conqueror of Charlecombe;
third, Arthur Lett's California Ivy; reserve,
Mrs. J. P. Xorman'B Tyche.. Limit, bitches —
First, Thomas S. Griffith's Brandane Marlon
slea; second. Charlecombe Kennels' Miss Con
queror; third. Arthur Lett's California Ivy;
reserve, M. Coffey's Nora. Open, bitch**—
First. Thomas S. Griffith's Brandane Marlon
flea; second, O. J. Albee's Ormskirk Gypsey;
third. Cfcarlfcombe Kennels' Miss Conqueror;
referve, Arthur Lett's California Ivy. Win
ners' bitches — First. Thomas P. Griffith's
Brandane Marionslea; reserve, O. J. Albee'u
Orrrx-kirk Ovnwv.
The first period gave one goal to the
whites, scored by Charlie Dunphy,
who is one of the star players. The
second period was without results to
either side. In the third the reds se
cured their first goal. They followed
this up with two in the fourth, while
one additional fell to the whites.
There were some dangerous mixups
and a fine exhibition of skillfull indi
vidual play. The game passed with
out a mishap. The teams were made
up: Reds — R. M. Tobin, F. J. Carolan
and AValter McCreery. Whites — C.
Dunphy. E. W. Howard and Lawrence
McCreery.
There were but three players on
each side in the polo match at the
Buriingame Country Club field yester
day. Tho attendance was small, but
as usual with the hard-riding teams
of the Country Club the game was
spirited throughout. Four periods of
eight minutes each were played, in
which the reds scored three goals to
the whites two.
Fifth race — Six and 'a half furlongs; 3-year
olds and upward; selling.'
Boutonnlere (Johnson & Co.) .103
5127 Sally Goodwin (P.™I«a France)....... .107
6392 Auat Polly (Graffort & Co.):.\...Y.'.. 95
4663 Milas (J. M. Crane)...... 98
Fourth race — Futurity course; • 3-year-olds
and upward; handicap.. : •-* .
3404 Gehelmtiess (B.- Schreiber) 04
.... Venator, formerly Athlete (J. Wail)... Uft
(539OIridius (Jennlnss & Co.). .. .. '. . .... ..".100
5375 Kenilworth (W. H.' Ketcheman). ... ..IIS
(53SS) Honlton (P. Ryan)... ;n«
Third race — One mile: 3-year-olds and up
ward; selling. ,
53S7 # Matln Bell (A. Josephs) ...:iO2
5371 Plan <W. Fisher) ........ .'. .......; .Y.107
6372 'Redwald (W. P. Ma prune) 97
53»5 Constable (Stockton Stable). .....102
B40fl Discus (Johnson & Co.). 05.
531)3 Greyfeld (G. A. Davis)... .....107.
535S Tom Slavln (T.'C. Clifford)..... 1 .... .110
5402 Silver FiM (G. Lanka) .102
4S03 L'lloa (Owen & Co.) 107
5377 Mras (J. T. Strite) ." to!
53CC 'Past Master (C. P. Fink) .". ..... »8
5374 Idogo (S. RafourJ ....102
Second race — Five and a half ' furlongs; 2
year-old flllfev: purse.
4090 Trlxle (El Primero Stable). 104
6350 Libble Candid (ADDleby & Co.) 101
5373 Gottleiben (W. Fisher).. 104
53S3 Flo Mnnola (M. J. Daly) 107
5376 Red Cross. Nurse (O. !..> Brown).. ... .109
5307 Effervescence (Mrs. J. Coffey).. ....;. 104
.... Gartalre (Short & Co.). :.: r 104
5373 Miss May Buwdlsh (L. A. Blaslhkame)UH>
5341 Resigned (McDonald & Co.)....'. . .....107
63B1 Mae Scott (C. W. Carroll) 107
5343 Winnlfreda (B. Schreiber)/ ....'.;. 104
Betty (T. G. Ferguson)...:.'. ... .100
First race — One mile; 3-year-olds and up
ward; Belling.
6.502 Presto!u« (F. Derln) 10.J
KH58 Kt Wllda (RaUln City Stable) 107
5402 Achilles (McCabe & Co.) ...103
6300 Alice Callahan (R. Snider) HKj
630.0 Blaenvlne (F. J. Stoer) .'. ..107
4771 Autumn Time (El Prlraero Stable).... 107
4740 Tonopah (D. Shane) 107
5403 'Myriad Dancer (I). M. Hanlon). '.....102
.. Rio Chlco (W. B. Sink) ...107
6384 'Blessed Damozel (C. W. Chappelle).. 94
ENTBIES EOB, TO-DAY.
Foley comes from St. Louis, where
few of the bookmakers would take
more than $20 on a favorite unless they
ilrst got a peak at the buried card. Un
less the young man infuses some vigor
into his riding he will find his early ac
quired popularity rapidly waning.
Blissful is a good actor at the post and
there was no excuse for not getting her
away better.
Adkins on Meehanus distinguished
himself by giving about as stupid an
exhibition of riding as has been seen
since the inception of the season. If
he had laid away behind Glenarvon
and Constellator until the stretch was
reached his mount could not have lost.
Instead he tried to get through where
there was not room and later on found
all of the pockets on the track. The
price about Meehanus receded from 2
to 3% to 1.
Burdoc started three times witlf H.
Smith up and on each occasion the
odds about the horse drifted skyward.
Yesterday he was ridden by Chandler
and there was some action behind him.
If cheap riders are good enough to ride
for the public's money they should an
swer the purpose when the owner
wishes to put his money down. This
sort of thing is too common and if a
few entries were refused it would have
a tendency to stop it.
D. Hall won two races.
Tommy Burns will arrive here on the
12th inst.
NOTES OF THE TKACK.
Barney Schreiber next took another
purse with his gelding Buccleuth. Four
to five was the market price, and the
Schreiber entry was returned a handy
winner over Galanthus. Chandler had
the mount on Burdoc, which was
backed at a long price, and ran a bang
up third.
A world of money went into the
books on Glenarvon to capture the
concluding mile and seventy yard
selling number. After alternating with
Constellator in cutting out the pace,
the good thing was beaten a neck by
Frank Woods, a 6 to 1 shot, piloted by
Jed Lewis.
SAN NICHOLAS IS SPEEDY.
San Nicholas, the black "horse from
the Burns & Waterhouse stable, seems
capable of running as, fast as he wants
to. A 2 to 5 favorite ror the six-fur
long purse event, he led from the staYt,
breezing home ahead of Geheimness in
1:13%. Allqpath made her first start
at the meeting and ran a creditable
third.
Although the card was an ordinary
one, the regulars all answered roll call
and betting was brisk. After the down
fall of Blissful another favorite, Glen
arvon, went by the board, much to the
satisfaction of the pencilers.
'Velma Clark was introduced to some
moderate company in the .first event,
a seven-furlong run decided under sell
ing conditions, and was installed a pro
nounced favorite. Jimmy Booker had
her in front almost as the webbing was
sprung and she won all the way. Ri
naldo, second throughout, lasted long
encrugh to beat Silver, Fizz a neck for
the place.
There was only one in the two-year
old scramble, Sir Appleby, that looked
competent to give Otto Stifel, the fa
vorite, an, argument. Adkins had the
leg up on that one and got lost at the
start. Stifel, wifh Hall up, made all
the running and finished well in hand
more than two lengths in advance of
Mike Daly's colt Judge. The show
went to Ananias.
. Had it not been for the defeat of
Blissful, the 8 to 5 favorite for the fifth
event at Oakland yesterday, there is
every likelihood that the combination
book would have been transformed into
a Frankfurter sausage stand, and a
third of the bookmakers would have
been walking delegates to-day.
Four straight choices had. won off the
reel and, flushed with success, the tal
ent just parleyed its winnings on
Blissful. Fcley had the mount on the
favorite and was fast asleep, with the
filly turned partially sideways, when
the barrier went up.
An Oakland policeman making his
last round before going off watch rap
ped Foley on the soles of his feet with
a riot club, cautioning him to move
on about his business. Foley did and
was beaten less than a length by So
menos, on which an educated play
forced the odds from 7 to 5. Louis
Wagner ran an easy third in this race.
BETTING IS BRISK.
Burlingame Men Play Three
on a Side in Practice
Match.
John Riplinger's English Set
ters Are First in
Their Classes.
Exhibit at the Pavilion
Attracts a Large
Attendance.
Defeats That Captained
by L. McCreery "
at Polo.
Defeat of Blissful by Somenos Is a Severe Blow to Speculators—Riding
of Foley Is Criticized—San Nicholas Runs Away From Geheimness in
Fast fime—Frank Woods Finishes 'Ahead of Glenarvon— iStifel Wins
PRIZE CANINES
ARE REWARDED
CAROLAN'S TEAM
IS VICTORIOUS
FAVORITES TAKE FIRST FOUR RACES,
THEN FOLLOW TWO UPSETS AT OAKLAND
TIMELY NEWS OF THE RACE TRACK, THE POLO FIEL D AND BENCH SHOW
Mannie's one-horse guaranteed specials
are the cream of. all"- information. ; >• Safe
and sure bets , free. Office-' Starr • King
-building, 121 Geary street •
Winners Guaranteed Free.
CHICAGO, Dec. 3.— The board of ap
peals p't the American Trotting Asso
ciation adjourned to-day without tak
ing action on the record of 1:59%, made
by Cresceus at Wichita? Kans., in Octo
ber. The next meeting of the board iwill
not :be held until May, 1904. George B.
Ketcham, owner of the stallion, regards
the action of the board, as a practical
victory. The case now hinges on a
technicality! •
Do Not Act on Cresceus r . Record.
Ryan and O'Brien Agree to Fight.
CHICAGO Dec. 3.— "Philadelphia"
Jack O'Brien and Tommy Ryan met
here to-night and agreed to fight a
twenty-round, battle for the middle
weight championship, of America. All
that is lacking «to make the battle a
certainty is an offer by some club of
a suitable' purse. Both men will then
put up their forfeits and will sign ar
ticles of agreement. Several clubs
have; been , negotiating for the fight,
but it is believed •: San Francisco will
be the city chosen, as both men stat
ed to-night they would prefer to fight
on the Pacific Coast. '
PBOBABX.E WIUNEBB.
First race — Blessed DamozeL Autumn
Time, Achilles. '. ¦
Second race— Mioa Betty, Bed Cross
ISTurae, Effervescence.
Third race— Plan, Constable, Kedwald.
Fourth race — Honlton, Oebelmness,
Kenilworth. B . ' '
Fifth race— Aunt Folly, Bey Sure,
Fuss In Boots.
Sixth race— Position, Dodie S, Dr. Ber
nays.' ¦';¦- -':'• . *
. 'My Surprise <S. O. Morton) S»
6378 Handpress (W. P. Magrane) 08
.... Petrolla (Knight &\McCarthy) ....104
G306 Puss in Hoots (A. Josephs) »«
53C5 'Mesto (H.I SchulU)... »1
M74 Mareaa (R. E. Dolan) ..........102
5392 Rey Dare (J. C- Nealon) 05
5302 »The Miller (J. P. McNeil)..... .. »7
Sixth race— One and an eighth miles; 3-year
olds and upward; Belling..
KJS7 Chub (Pelter & Co.)... ...101
B333 "Chlleno (L. A..Blasingame) 00
5401 Position (C. A. Durfee) 10«
5401 Illov.aho (\V. H. Ketcheman)... . . .... U8
5393 'Caronal (C. W. Chappelle) ....101
5401 Expedient (P. E. Smith)...... 08
5401 »Dodie S (S. G. Morton & Co.).. 0«
K»l Dr. Bernays (W. Fisher) ...... 95
•Apprentice allowance. •
GLEN ELLEN,* Dec. 3.-rAt a special meet
5ng of the Dunbar Improvement Club the fol
lowing committee was appointed to meet next
Saturday at Sonoma to . confer, with the
Women's Improvement *¦ Club of Sonoma on
the advisability of a havlng constructed a model
highway from Sonoma to San Knfnel: A. Fro
ment, Frederick ' Qulen, Leo Justl, A. S.
Woods, J. H. Welse. W. Bonbrlght and W. L.
Ashe. . ' . ¦
NEW YORK, Dec. 3.— At a meeting
of the National Association of Amateur
Billiard Players arrangements have
been officially sanctioned for the annual
national tournament, which will be
held in the rooms of the Leiderkranz
Club, this city. 1 was chosen
for the beginning of the tournament.
A long list of players desirous of tak
ing part was placed before the com
mittee. It includes Arthur W. Town
send, Charles Norris and Charles
Conklln of Chicago, A. de Munn Smith
of St. Louis and Dn A. A. Mial, Dr. A.
B. Liller, Ferdinand Poggenburg, Wil
son P. Foss and Byron Stark of New
York.
Billiard Tournament Entries.
Free Handicap at New Orleans Is
Won by Monastic.
NEW ORLEANS. La.. Dec. 3.— Results:
First race, six furlongs— Cardinal Wolseley
won. Josett« 5*eon<J, Sweet Nell third. Time,
1:15 1-5. .
Second rare, five furlongs — King Croker won.
Montebank second, Mr. Pickwick third. Time,
1 :W2 2-.1.
Third race, one and a sixteenth miles — Ben
Chance won, Potente second. Little Elkln
third. Time. 1 :62 2-5.
Fourth race Free handicap, six furlongs —
Monastic won. Stand Pat second. The Huzzah
third. Time. 1:15.
Fifth rnc«\ one mile — Alpaca won. Choice
second. Adelante third. Time. 1:44.
Sixth race, selling, one mile— Eliza Dillon
won, P.adger second, Ijueen Dixlana third.
Time, 1:44. !
WASHINGTON. Dec. 3.— Bennlngs results:
First race, six furlongs— Red Damsel won,
Unterock second. May Worth third. Time,
1:1(5 3-5.
Second rare, seven furlongs, selling— Bon Hot
won. All Gold second. Locket third. Time,
1:29
Third race, elx furlongs, selling— Conkllng
won, Burdotte second. Clear the Arena third.
Time, 1:16 2-5.
Fourth race six furlongs, gentlemen riders,
six furlonps, Bellini?— Arrah Go Wan won, De
murrer second, Paul Clifford third. Time, 1:18.
Fifth race, six rurlqpgs, selling— Lady Lavish
won. Magic Flute second. Bill Curtis third.
Time, 1:16 ¦ '¦•
Sixth race, one mile and seventy yards, han
dicap — Duke of Kendall won, Mrs. Frank Fos
ter «econd. Arden third. Time, 1 :49 2-5.
MRS. E. S. MILDER WIN'S
WOMEN'S COTTNCTL'S CUP
Winner's Name Is the Third to Be
Engraved on the Handsome
Silver Trophy.
After a close match yesterday morn
ing on the Presidio course Mrs. E. S.
Miller defeated Miss Edith Chesebrough
two uo one to play in the final round
of the competition for the Council's
cup for women of. the San Francisco
Golf Club.
Mrs. Miller's name will be engraved
on the handsome silver trophy, on
which the names of Mrs. R. G. Brown
and Mrs. J. R. Clark have been in
scribed already. Before the close of the
season two more competitions will be
held for the Council's cup, which wiil
become the property of the first lady
who %vins three contests.
THE SAN' FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY. DECEMBER 4, 1903:
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
10
EASTERN" RACE RESULTS.
ADVERTISEMENT^^J^^^^^^^^^^^
WE PICKED SIX WinSES TWIGS.
W. E. TRIMBLE & CO.
At St. Iiouli, September 10th and 18ti, 19CO.
Turf Correspondents and Commissioners.
Our Racing Statisticians Decipher the vranStVXfi that WIN.
WE BEAT the Bookmakers for Our Clients.
WE PICKED SIX STRAIGHT WINNERS TWICE ATST.U>na
SCIENTIFIC HANDICAPPING. COMBINED WITH OUR c^ OCKE J?f' " lHC » •*J* E
ON THE TRACK AT ALL. HOURS. WILL WIN SLBE.
Handicapping as compared to jruesjilr.* ivns norr more clearly snown. am our
Cll»nt3.
DAXLT INrOSMATION. S0.50; WEEKLY, S2.50.
Selections wired to any part of the United States or Canatla before t p. m. dally.
WE MAKE TOTJ MONEY XT TCOV PIiAT OUB> SEIiECTIOKS.
We. will handle your money on our beit special horses dally, guarantee 9O per cent
of the winnings at "average Dally Racing New* odd*." with Uralt of $15 to $1 for
any position. Our commission for Information, handicapping the horses, placing your
money and collecting your winnings u 10 per cent on the winners and nothing on los-
ing commissions.
Our charges tor information are 50c dally If yo" handle jrour money.
WV guarantee to mall our clients the name of the horse we place their money
on In sealed envelope at the general postof nee before 2 p. m. of the day the races
are run. • ' ...:
COMMISSIONS PLACED AT THE TRACK FOB CLIENTS. PAST SELECTIONS
';¦•'-¦: ALWAYS ON FILE AT OCR OFFICE.
SEND FOR KOOXLET OR CALL AT OFFICE. WflH
759 MABIET STBEET, BOOKS 15-18. OPPOSITE PHELAW BTTXZJ>X3NfcSTOCKTON 1 , D«c 3.— Jesse W. Blackford.
wanted at Madera for threats to kill hi* wife,
was arrested here ¦ to-day on < Information • re
ceived from Constable J.M.-Holliater or lla
dera. He will be taken to Madera to-morrow.
Blacki ord is well known here. ¦
The Supervisors' Health Committee
yesterday reported in favor of the res
olution appropriating $2000 for con-
Health Committee Becommends Ad
ditional Appropriation of $2000.
TO CLEAB CHINATOWN.
: William Ehrenpf ort sued I. L. Hoff
man yesterday for $20,000 damages for
personal injuries received last' August.'
He alleges that Hoffman brutally beat
him and tore his clothes" while 'ejecting
him from a store at 735 Market street
Hef : alleges/ that ' the '.was un
provoked." .. ' t . ¦ ¦¦'¦¦''.
Damage Suit Besult of Bow.- . !
Pen troubles disappear when you get a
fountain pen that fits your hand. Having
all kinds we can fit any hand. Prices
from 11.00 to $5.00 each. Sanborn, -Vail &
Co, 741 Market street, selling agents for
the "Waterman," "Regal" and "Marshall"'
fountain pens. •
.The Supervisors' Artificial Lights
Committee set next Thursday at 11:30
a. m. as the time for hearing three
representatives of the Labor Council
respecting the use of Welsbach
lamps. ,
To Hear Labor Council.
¦ The will of Joseph Park Cochran, who
died a few days ago, was filed for pro
bate yesterday. He leaves his entire
estate, which is worth more than $10,
000, to : his " nephew, Smith H. Cochran
of Chicago. The' will is . a holographic
document. and was made January 22,
1902. It is ' peculiar in that it* contains
directions for the burial of the decedent
and requests the executors to advertise
in three morning papers the date of his
funeral, 5 to purchase flowers and to see
that his remains are taken to their last
resting-place in a funeral car, k and that
an "extra • car is ; provided for those who
wish to attend his obsequies^
His Will a Peculiar One.
City Attorney Lane sent a com
munication yesterday to. the Board of
Supervisors In which hie advises the
city to possess Itself Immediately, of
lands lying within a portion of Chan
nel street and the bed of the old Mis
sion Creek, which have been judicial
ly determined to belong to San Fran
cisco. Lane says the opinion of the
Superior Court entitles the city to re
cover additional land not included in
the suit. '
Old Mission Creek Lands.
Schmitz was delegated to confer
with the Civil Service Commission as
to the desire regarding the retention of
McSheehy and the dismissal of Com
mary and action on Ule School
Board's request was postponed pend
ing Schmitz's report.
The position of Inspector of the Xoe
Valley School held by Larry Welsh
was declared vacant.
The board adopted resolutions • or
dering much street work in various
parts of the. city and recommended an
extension of sixty days to the con
tractor for repairing Spear street.
The Board of Public Works yester
day referred to Commissioner Schmitz
the request of the Board of Educa
tion that the services 'of the inspector
of school buildings be dispensed with
owing to lack of funds. The position
Is held by James McSheehy, who\was
appointed from the civil service list,
and on that account the board is dis
inclined to dismiss him. The posi
tion of assistant Inspector is held by
W. B. Commary, who is not a civil
service eligible.*
Board cf Works Disinclined to Dis
miss James McSheehy, a Civil
Service Employe.
POSTPONES SEMOVAI,
OF SCHOOL INSPECTOR
Supervisors' Committee Recommends
Belief Regarding Maintenance of
Live Wires en. Poles.
The Superivsors' joint committee on
Street*. Fire and Police yesterday rec
ommended the passage of an ordinance
panting the Pacific Telephone Coin-
FAVOES EXTENSION OF
TIIGT TO~eofi:PLY^C7lTH" I3EW
CHICAGO. Dec. 3.— Hypnotism will be
the plea put up by Emil Roeski, one
of the carbarn bandits, as his defense
in the trial for murder. Hi3 attorney
notified the State's Attorney to-day
that experts would be introduced at the
trial to prove that Roeski was hyp
notized by another of the bandits, Peter
Neidermeier. . V; '.' '
Murderer Will Plead Hypnotism.
The Supervisors' Fire Committee
yesterday recommended the passage
of two amendments to the building
ordinance favored by the Fire De
partment providing for the construc
tion of ground aoor pipe casing holes
through the first of buildings
and regulating the construction of
hallways in hotels, lodging-houses and
hospitals.
The committee granted permits for
oil storage tanks to the South Park
malt house and the Italian Swiss Col
ony.
To Amend Building Ordinance.
Persons who desire to compete should
apply to the United States Civil Ser
vice Commisslo-n. "Washington, D. C, or
to the secretary of the Consolidated j
Board of Civil Service Examiners, 201 i
Jackson street, San Francisco, for ap- j
plication forms mentioned above, which |
should be properly executed and filed j
with' the commission at Washington. j
Register and receiver's clerk, Ur.tted
States Land Office, age limit 20 years
or over, salary 5900 per annum. Ap
plicants for this position must be
versed in public land laws and the rou
tine of the land office. Application
form 204.
Draftsman and* typewriter, age limit
2a, years or over,- salary $1000 -per an
num. Application form 1312.
The United States Civil Service Com
mission announces that the following
examinations will be held at San Fran
cisco January 5:
Civil Service Examination.
•WASHINGTON, Dec. 3.—Postmas
ter commissioned: Washington — Almi
ra L. Gampp, Getchel. Fourth-class
postmasters appointed: California —
Fred Garner. Arabella, Lake County,
vice Belle Kennedy, resigned; "William
E. Bewley, Burnett, Los Angeles, vice
Henry M. Johnson, resigned. Wash
ington—Mrs. Clara G. Turner, Carle
ton, Chehalis County, vice Eliza Jane
Rogers, resigned. ; :\
Changes in the Postal Service.
Mayor Schmitz is of the opinion
that the alleged shortages in the Pub
lic Administrator's office may be re
covered from the bondsmen of John
A. Drinkhouse and Patrick j Boland,
who preceded John Farnham as Pub
lic Administrators. His Honor thinks
the bondsmen are liable for p. period
of four years after the expiration of
the terms of the officials named. , It
is not unlikely that demands will be
made on the bondsmen to pay the
several amounts alleged to be due the
city.
Mayor Schmitz expressed surprise
yesterday that the expert's report of
irregularities in the probate business
of the Public Administrator's and
County Clerk's offices had not been
filed -with him by the Supervisors'
Finance Committee, as the charter
provides. The Mayor says the law is
clear requiring the filing of a report
regarding derelict officials vrith
him so that he may take action.
It was ascertained that the committee
would submit the report to the Mayor
at a formal meeting to be held Mon
day. "
Mayor Does Not Receive Expert's
Findings in. Probate Scandal as*
Charter Provides.
SURPRISED THAT REPORT
WAS NOT FILED WITH HIM
WASHINGTON, Dec. 3.—Commis
sioner of Pensions Ware has received
a letter from Governor Bliss of Michi
gan voluntarily relinquishing his pen
sion. In his letter Governor Bliss
says:
"I feel that I have won what I
wished, a place on the pension rolls
with my comrades of the War of the
Rebellion, and relinquish the pension
only because I doubt the propriety of
continuing as a pensioner when I am
not in need of It. My disability was
fully determined by two examinations,
one under Commissioner Evans and
the second under your administration,
each conducted by two doctors, the re
sults being an order placing me on the
rolls at $12 a month. My intention was
to donate this money to the work of
the G. A. R. and this I have done."
Donates the Allowance Made Trim
to Furthering Work of the
Grand Army.
GOVERNOR OF MICHIGAN
RELINQUISHES PENSION
"For a time I ran the shop alone,
but finallyfchad to quit, as my custom
ers were threatened with a boycott
unless they withheld their patronage
from me. To-day . I have nothing to
show for the money that I invested
In establishing one of the finest horse
shoeing plants on - this coast or any
where else, and all because I consid
ered that I was in the right and re
fused to comply with an order that
was unjust in the extreme and one
made simply because I incurred the
enmity of certain people in the same
line of business as myself."
Hors€Sho€r Tells of Alleged Buin
Boycott Against Him.
The trial of the suit of J. H. Mc-
Carthy ag-ainst the Master Horse
shoers* Association and the Journey
men Horseshoers' Union for $100,000
damages was commenced in Judge.
Hunt's court yesterday. The entire
day was spent in the examination of
McCarthy.
In support of his? charge that he
was driven out of business by the two
bodies he said: "I joined -the associa
tion In 1S9S. In February of this
year I was expelled and the day fol
lowing my expulsion I was approach
ed by the business agent of the asso
ciation, who demanded that I give up
its trademark. I refusf»d to do so. and
he then called Walking Delegate
Parkinson of the Journeymen's
Union and told him I refused to com
ply with his demand, j Parkinson said
that as I was no longer a member of
the association, union men could not
work for me and he called my em
ployes out. He said he was compelled
to do as he did because of an agree
ment between the men and their em
players, whereby the former agreed
that they would not work for a man
not a member of the association. The
men said they did not want to go, as
I had always treated them right, but
that they had to obey orders. There
were thirty-six horses in my shop at
that time waiting to tw» shbd.
McCarthy gives evidence
CHICAGO. Dec. 3.— Lieutenant Henry
Bankhead. U. S. A., son of Congress
man Bankhead of Alabama, and Miss
Alice Stickney.. whose guardian was
the late Judge Long, at one time Consul
General to Egypt, were married here
to-day in'fhe home of Mrs. George 11.
Pullman. After a wedding trip in the
South they win sail for the Philippines
in February, Lieutenant j Bankhead
having been ordered to report for duty
at Manila.
"Weds Son of a Congressman.
The men claim that the firm of Mil
ler & Lux has been discriminating
against the union for a long time and
a grievance has existed between the
firm and its union employes. The
men say that their employers have
been in the habit of discharging the
union employes whenever "an oppor
tunity offered itself and invariably
n«n-union workmen have been em
ployed in the places of the union
butchers.**
Several days ago the matter was
reported to the Butchers' Union. On
Tuesday six of the union . butchers
walked out, acting under instructions
from the union. Their plea was that
as long as the firm of Miller & Lux
•v&b bent on discharging the <> union
hands they would quit their positions.
This morning, when the remaining
seven union employes of the firm
heard of what had occurred they de
cided to quit and accordingly walked
out in a body. Their places have not
yet been flllHjl, but the management
of Miller & Lux states thai it will ex
perience no "trouble in securing help.
Most of the men who walked out
found employment awaiting them in
other slaughter-houses. Others left
the city at once, intending to take a
vacation. Good men are needed In
Butchertown at the present time, say
the butchers, and therefore they claim
that they need not remain idle for a
day if they choose to go to work.
The union butchers employed by
Miller & Lux at the firm's Butcher
town slaughter-house have left their
places. Seven of them walked out in
a body yesterday morning out of sym
pathy with six. of their brethren who
quit on the previous day. No trouble
or disturbance of any kind attended
the walkout of the men arid the meat
trade in general will not be affected.
tinuing the work of cleaning China
town to make the district sanitary.
Secretary Emery of the Health Board
stated that It would take eighteen
men thirty days to finish wrecking un
sanitary buildings and that necessary
material had used up the balance of
previous funds.
The mine In dispute is said to b*e ex
ceedingly valuable. The property was
practically unworked for twenty-four
years. The Interested parties are now
experiencing trouble in getting men to
work in the mine, as the fumes from
the native quicksilver salivate them.
Then suit was brought against Hunt
ington. the patentees and other grantees
by the excluded ten to enforce the trust
created by the wrongful issuing of the
patents to the five, who were William
S. Bell. Charles Bell, John W. Rock,
John D. Elwanger and J. Epperson,
and have them declared the trustees
of the excluded ten. During all this
time Huntlngton and his friends got
together and three months ago formed
a corporation known as the Socrates
Consolidated Mining Company. One
million shares were issued. They are
now selling these shares at 60 cents
each.
MINE IS VALUABLE.
The plaintiff in this . action alleges
that he came into possession of his part
of the property in 1S02. He alleges he
has owned it since 1875 through a
transfer from one of the patentees,
whose title was perfect.
In 1902 Pinney through his attorney
petitioned to have a trustee appointed
in place of Carr to execute the trust
that was unfulfilled by him. William H.
Humphrey was appointed such trustee,
and suit was brought against him to
execute the trust. On November IS,
1903, Judge Morrow rendered a decree
compelling the trustee to execute a
conveyance to Mr. Pinney, and on the
following day the trustee did so.
The present suit is brought to recov
er about 650 feet of the valuable prop
erty and an accounting of the proceeds
from the mitre.
It appears from the record in this
badly mixed case that F. A. Hunting
ton entered upon the property in 1900
on the theory that he was the holder of
a tax title. He commenced to work the
mine, and soon -learned that his title
was defective, and he brought suit
against the executrix of Carr's will,
and she disclaimed all interest in the
property. The Superior Court of So
noma County awarded the whole there
of to Huntlngton. Again he found his
title defective, and brought suit against
John Lloyd, president of the German
Savings and Loan Society, as assignee
of John A. Robinson, to quiet title.
That suit led to the cutting down of
the Huntington interest fully two
thirds.
One of the richest quicksilver mines
In the State is involved in the suit filed
by George M. Pinney Jr. against the
Socrates Consolidated Mining Company
in the United States Circuit Court yes
terday. The property in dispute is sti
uated in Sonoma County and Is valued
at $600,000. It covers a large section of
land and has been in litigation
many years. Judge Stanton L. Carter
and A. H. Ricketts represent the plain
tiff and are prepared to prove that
their client is the rightful owner of a
one-sixtieth rart of the property. The
plaintiff sues also to recover $10,000
damages for withholding the posses
sion of his alleged share from him.
The mine has an interesting history.
In 1S67 it was located by fifteen men,
each being entitled to 200 feet. In 1S74
five of the original locators, without
consulting the other ten, deeded to
William B. Carr one-fourth of the prop
erty in his own right and three-fourths
as trustee. The transfer of the prop
erty was to facilitate its sale for $250,
000, and if the sale was not made Carr
was to reconvey the property back
again. Carr failed to either pay the
money or reconvey the property, and
died in 1S97.
TBTTSTEE APPOINTED.
Herchants' Association Urges Mayor
to Proceed Against Bondsmen '
to Becover SS316 55.
The following communication -was
sent yesterday to Mayor Schmitz by
the Merchants' Association anent the
ehortag* of Defaulting Cashier White
cf the Board of Works:
Em. E. E. Schraitx, !!«.; tr CJty and County
cf Ban Fra-sci*<».
. D*«.r Sir — We respectfully caZl yemr atten
tion to the reports cf the Hzssell Audit Com
pary. who. ender the direction of the Finance
Cotamltte* cf the Board of Supervisors, aud
ited the accounts cf the Board of Public
Works, which report* show a shortage cf
I - : •: 63 In th« account* of ex-Caehter "White,
Tti» amount is <!ae th« city and has not yet
t»* r. collected £ rca th* bondsmen and other
parties responsible for the tame. This short
».-<¦ has been ksows for a long tine ani we
rpfpectfully suggest that energetic action be
taken cX ccce to recover the amount due, la
crder that the city cay be protected from los».
He*p«ctfully j-oupb.
THE XETJCtlAXTS- ASSOCIATION OF SAN
FRANCISCO.
Fra=t J. Symsiea. President.
L. M. Ki^«. Secretary.
WA2»TS CASHIER WHITE'S
SHORTAGE COLLECTED
— *
The roadway of Laurel street, be
tween Clay and Washington, was fully
accepted.
The committee recommended the
expediency of performing certain
street work on Harrison stfeet, be
tween T wen ty- fourth and Twenty
fifth: Eighteenth street, between Cas
tro and Dolores; Third avenue, be
tween Hugo and H streets; Clay
street, between Cherry and First ave
'r.Ue, and that grades be established on
Parnassus avenue and Cole street and
Fourteenth street, between Castro and
in the Richmond district against the
reduction to fifteen feet of sidewalk,
vi'iths on Clement street, from First
to Tenth avenue, was denied and an
ordinance was ordered prepared*" re
ducing the widths.
ANOTHEB OIL-PIPE LI1TE,
The petition of the Associated Oil
Company to lay an oil pipe line along
Kerry street to Third, to Townsend, to
the storage tank of the San Francisco
Gas Company was referred to the
Board of Works for investigation.
The protest of the property owners
Connor's motion that the petitions
f^r the repeal of the privilege be de
r.ied was carried unanimously by the
committee.
The Supervisors' Street Committee
yesterday denied the petitions of the
t^.in FYaacisco Labor Council, Team
sters' Union and the City Front Fed
eration that the ordinance granting a I
tfftxr track privilege on Filbert street
to St. llary's Kelp Hospital be re
j eal*d. Under this action the Board
cf Public Works will be compelled to
grant the permit for the spur track,
v, hich It has heretofore refused to is-
Fue because of the protests flted
,£ s <i * ns l . - -
The North . Central Improvement
Association and the Manufacturers' |
er.d Producers' Association filed peti
tions urging that the privilege be not ,
rescinded on the ground that spur
tracks are necessary for great indus
trial enterprises. Frank Kelly, attor- ;
n<°y for the property owners on Fil
,bert street, between East and San
fome, protested against the laying of
the track, claiming that the cars
would be left on the streets and thus
create a nuisance, impede traffic and
be dangerous to pedestrians.
SAFETY OF PEDESTBIANS.
"The property owners who are now
protesting; will in less than a year
probably be asking for spur track
yrivileges." said Chairman Curtis of
.the committee.- "They will not con
rider the safety of pedestrians when
tbjj ask for the privilege. The cars
should be removed from the street as
soon ' el« unloaded."
"Mr. Kelly should prepare . an or
dinance," said Garret McEnerney, at
torney for St. Mary's Help Hospital,
requiring the owners of spur tracks
to lay the rails into the warehouses
end the cars to be kept off the streets.
"We have been here twice upon the
matter and we wish it disposed of.
"We want to get our permit from the
Board of Works."
Attorney Myers, representing the
Linemen's Union, and Attorney Sutro
of the company will confer in the mean
time, and if Myers decides to protest
against the ordinance it will be with
drawn. Myers at first opposed the
granting of the extension because other
corporations had refused to comply
with the ordinance and were preparing
to contest Us validity. Myers said lives
of linemen were Being lost owing to the
dangerous proximity of live wires and,
while admitting the justice of the tele
phone company's petition, was averse
to allowing hostile corporations to ben
efit by the extension. Myers said -the
linemen were endeavoring to arrange
a conference with the corporations in
an effort. to make an amicable adjust
ment.
pany an extension of one 'year from
January 12. 1904, within which to com
ply with the terms of the ordinance re
quiring safeguards in the placing of
hig-h voltage electric wires oh poles and
crossarms. Attorney Sutro stated that
the company had been delayed in the
¦work on account et the strike and the
extension was needed.
The pa!nt shop connected with the
coast division of the Southern Pacific
Company on Kentucky street was
destroyed by fire early last even
ing-. Eight passenger coaches that were
in the building were burned to the
trucks and several more were saved by
the efforts of a yard crew that hauled
them from reach of the flames. The
loss will approximate 535,000. The
building oontcining machinery for gen
eral repairs was saved.
Shortly before 8 o'clock a double
alarm of fire was sounded from the box
at Fourth and Kentucky streets, and
when the department arrived the en
tire paint ehop was In flames. Efforts
were then turned toward saving the
machine shops and the rolling stock
In the yards and adjacent to the burn-
Ing structure. Engineer R. Gardner
and Superintendent of Yards M. O.
Randall ran a locomotive close enough
to save ten cars that stood on a track
to the east of the building, and in do-
In? so all the cab windows of the loco
motive were cracked by the heat and
the woodwork Scorched. A strong
westerly wind that was blowing is all
that prevented the coaches, which in
cluded Feveral Pullmans, from being
destroyed before the engine could be
coupled to them.
Before half an hour had passed the
structure and the eight cars were in
ruins and several streams played upon
embers. The story told by the railroad
men is to the effect that the fire broke
out on the east side of the building and
spread rapidly. There were several
explosions of paints and oils, but no
one was injured. The greatest danger
was from live wires and traffic on the
Kentucky-street car line was not re
sumed for several hours. Carelessness
on the part of some painter who left
the building at 6 o'clock Is supposed to
have been the cause of the fire.
HELENA, Mont, Dec. 3.— The Judi
ciary Committee of the House to-day
reported two substitute bills for the
original bill3 providing for a so-called
fair-trial law and relating to the pow
ers of the Supreme Court with refer
ence to reviewing testimony In equity
casesby the higher court. The Housa
adjourned until to-morrow, when de
bate will begin on the proposed I«els
lation.
- Present Indications are that there will
not be a fight of consequence on the so
called fair-trial bill. (nor on the propo
sition to give the Supreme Court pow
er to review the testimony. Indeed.
Representative John MacGlnniss, F.Au
gustus Heinze's chief lieutenant, has
himself introduced a bill providing for
the review of evidence. The main
problem that confronts the Legislature
fs to draft the laws in such a way that
they will stand the test of the Supreme
Court on constitutional grounds*. All
the legfslators appear to be desirous of
passing a fair-trial bill, but there is
some difference of opinion concerning
the framing of the law. a fair-trial
bill was passed at the regular session
last year, but failed to be effective be
cause the Supreme Court declared It
unconstitutional In its construction.
The Lindholm woman, closely ques*
tioned by the police,, said Bonier told
her the old couple had sold the house
to him and that they had gone to a
house of refuge to spend the remain^*
der of" their lives. The gold found
on her, she insisted, had been given
her by Bonier.
On Tuesday - Bonier . appeared at
the Police Court in response to a sum
mons in a Joe Doe proceeding regard
ing the disappearance of the Frehrs.
The case was adjourned and Bonier
was ordered to appear in court yester-.
day, but he did not attent.- It was then
that the suspicion of foul play grew
stronger with the police, who had be
lieved up to that time that the old
couple had been taken away by rela
tives who hoped to inherit their
money.
Descriptions of Bonier wece sent
broadcast and this morning Police Su
perintendent Bull received a telephone
message from - Erie, Pa., statins that
Bonier had been arrested there. Bon
ier is 65 years old.
Bonier's housekeeper, Louise Llnd
holm, is in custody" in this city. The
police found on he person gold pieces
to the value of $70., The Frehrs were
supposed to have a 'great deal of gold
In the house. The woman says the
money was given to her by Bonier. .
Kate Kahm. a relative of the Llnd
holm woman, was also taken to a, po
lice station, a trunk and some stuff
which had belonged to the . Frehrs
having been found at her home. .
The Frehrs ownetf another house
and lot besides their home in Jeffer
son street and had money In the bank.
It was well known in the neighbor
hood* that they kept large sums of
money in their home.
BUFFALO. N. Y., Dec. 3. — The bod
ies of Franz Frehr and his wife, an
ajjed couple who disappeared from
their .home, 339 Jefferson street, on
November 20, ; were found' buried be
neath a woodshed in the yard back of
their house They had been murdered.
The skulls of both had been crushed,
and a hammer, such as would
have inflicted the blows, was found In
the shed. Several hairs were found
clinging 1 to the head of the hammer.
A search for Charles Bonier, who
moved into the house of the iTrehrs
on the day of their disappearance, had
been begun hours before the finding
of the bodies, but the hunt was renew
ed by the entire staff of headquarters
detectives as soon as word came that
the bodies of the old couple had been
found.
Suit Filed in Circuit Court
to Recover a Part of
Holding.
Suspected Assassin Is Cap
tured by Detective After
Long Search.
Men State That Employers
Have Not Treated Them
With Fairness.
Difficulty 13 Experienced in
Framing a Law That Will
A* Stand Test.
Eight Passenger Coaches
Consumed in Burning
Structure.
Ignores Protest Against Nar
rowing Sidewalks on
Clement Stre3t.
Sonoma County Prop
erty Causes Constant
Litigation.
Police Unearth Bodies
in Woodshed in Rear
of Their Home.
Thirteen Employes of
Miller & Lux Quit in
Two Days.
Southern Pacific Prop
erty Visited by
Flames.
Montana Legislators Are
Practically United
on Measura
Street Committee De
nies Petition for Re
peal of Privilege.
FAIR-TRIAL BILL
WILL BE PASSED
BATTLING OVER
VALUABLE MINE
MISSING COUPLE
FOUND MURDERED
RAILROAD PAINT
SHOP DESTROYED
UNION BUTCHERS
OUT ON STRIKE
RULES IN FAVOR
OF SPUR TRACK
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 4. 1903.
11
ADVZBnsEiaans.
Dyspepsia
and other -rtomach trouble*
quickly relieved and in most cases
surely cured by the use of
This scientific germicide is abso-
lutely harmless: it subdues the
inflama:aticn of thi mucous mem-
brane of the stomach, and by re-
moving the cause, effects a cure.
Us«d and recc:r.=emied by leading phy-
siciaii*. Take no lubstitcte and %rr that
each bctlle bears my signature. Trial size
*XMO, at <2rc£g:s:s or by taail, freni
C1.0 Fzlaca St. - lXtw Tcrk
• IRHEUMATISM'RSq
* ¦Helple«. t- a; r icU aad Fiaancul ra£er no looser Q
HFeris£ormatiott.«rit« SAN LUIS HOT SULfl
mrnuH springs, san Luis obispo. calm
AB VEBTISE JCEITTS.
Paiarp don't fail to
1 UIUWW see tj,,. beautiful
j COURT Lounzing
flflfl room, the EMPIRE
aUU PARLOR, the
r J PALM ROOM, the
llfflflfl LOUIS XV PAR-
U ± 1» DIES' WRITING
Hotels rq° m - I
INSTANTANEOUS AND UNPARALLELED
SUCCESS OF THE NEW AND
ORIGINS BURLESQUE |
The Greatest of all Musical Comedies.
Full of Amustn? Situations.
New Sonjrs. Dances and Fun Galore.
And on* ¦ "All Star" cast, including Kolb
and Dill. Barney Bernard. Wlnfield Blait*.
Maude Amber. Ben T. Dillon. Georgia O"Ramey
and the A2the* twin slaters team. (Their first
appearance here.)
¦Our Beautiful Chorus of Fifty Voices.
Production Larish In Every Detail.
Seats on Fait- Two Weelts Ahead.
Matinees Satarday and Sunday. '
..NOW OPEN..
6REAT EXHIBITION
2000 Thoroughbred
POULTRY, DOGS, PIGEOSS, GATS
MECHANICS" PAVILION
EVERY DAY AND NIGHT THIS WEEK.
ADMISSION 50c
CHILDREN 23c
Racing !sp2ii^ Racing!
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
' NEW CALIFORNIA JTOCKET CLtTBl
Oocmneaclnc November 14.
. Ractrt Each Week Day. Ra!a or TTttasi
Six or More Races Daily.
Races coaunenc* at 2:15 p. m. ahara. .
For special trains stopping at th» track taSc*
S. P. Ferry.- foot of Market street.' at IX
12:30. 1:00. 1:30 or 2 o'clock. No amokls* U
' last - two cars, .which ar« referred tor Udles
and their eicorta.:^6W4B(QMB<
Rctsrelss.- trains Iear* track at 4:13 xai
4:45 and immediately after th» last r*«*.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS. Pnatd«Sk
TEB.CT W. TREAT. Secretary. " \ '"%.*',
AMUSEMENTS.
ALHAMBRA THEATER
THIS AFTERNOON
AT 2:30 O'CLOCK.
MONSTER BENEFIT
PERFORMANCE
. . IX ATX* OF THT
FREE WARD
or Tim i
California
Woman'sjospital
a programme: betoxi> compare!:
CONTUfTOCS SHOW!
1ti;SL'»VlU> SEATS. $1.00
On Sale at Sherman. Clay & Ctk'i CstU Ob*
O'clock.
.....MAGNETIC~VAUDEVILLE U.
Hal Godfrey and Company; Agnes
Manx; Clarice Vance; Joseph. New-
man and Orpheam Motion Pict-
ures, Showing the Poachers' Fight
with the Gamekeepers. Last
Times of Annie Abbott; Armenia-
Tito Quartette; Bryant and Sa-
ville, and Searl and Violet Allen.
Reserved S«ats. ZSc: Balcony. 10c: Box Seata
aad Opera Chairs. 50c.
rAblFORNT/T
If I ' LAST TTJ4E ~~]l»»
W I TO-MORROW NIGHT. |# \
ATTHEI1 £
ULLJ eomraar and th«
mnCC ¦»aoU play."— Ash: on
C>JK.vJ«^«-? Stevens ta ta* Ex.
ROADS. 1 "*"'
Next Susday
__! TOW TO2TSOS. ,2- ,
Vyg The Ev*r-W>iccir.* Kavcrtte. |<pD|
1 g ¦ 'With Xelsg Erickgcn. { f^ 1
1 H E. AT KU\
COLUMilA^S
THIS WI£X A2TD 5XZT Will.
Nightly. Including Sunday.
MATINEE SATURDAY. —
Wm. A. Brady's \ X 7 A XT'
Elaborate VA/ J\ Y
Production of V V I
DOWN
EAST.
BT IjOTTIE BXO.ni PARKER.
Elaborated by JOS. R. GRISMER.
Dec. 14.— LULU GLASER la "DOLLT
VARDEX."
MATINEE TO-MOEROW.
LAST TWO NIGHTS—
Of the New Scenfe Melodrama.
OVER
NIACARA FALLS
SEE THE MARVELOUFLT REALISTIC
NIAGARA FALLS SCENE.
Be^InninS Next Sunday Matinee
MARIE HEATH l™££*
In th* DeHrhtful Rural Drama. "
FOR MOTHER'S SAKE.
pnirrc Evenings 13c. 23c. 50c and T3e
rtVlWC3 Mattsees ....I3e. 23c aad 50o
ALCAZAR B H ri^T
General Manager.
TO-NIGHT— MATS. SAT. AND SCV.
"The Alcazar Company Is en* of extraordi-
nary excellence." — Thcs. Garrett ta the Post.
"A Smile Twister and a Tear
Starter.-— Examiner.
A POOR 1 "fj
RELATION tImes.
Evy.. 25c to ~Zr; Mats. Sat. A Sun.. 15c to ROr.
NEXT MONDAY — The Roraanr* of Russia.
"A ROYAL PRISONER."
First Saa Francisco Production.
Market *t.. Near Eighth. Phone South 553.
TO-NIGHT— LAST THREE NIGHTS.
MATINEES TO-SIORROW AND SUNDAT.
The Magnificent Melodramatic Spectacle,
THE COUNTERFEITERS!
One c£ the Stupendous Successes of the Ameri-
can Staze.
Heart Interest! Exciting* I"U>t! Thrilling
Climaxes!
V. Abundant Comedy '. Splendid Scentry!
Brilliant Cast!
pntprc Evenings tOe to 5Oo
r&lbLO Matinees 10c, 13c. 23c
Monday. December 7.
MEW TOSX OAT BT DAT.
Y^V C3 QVIj m KflsBSfc^B^Br Ji
A 6rea! Show Eisrj Afternoon and Efeniag
is tha Heater.
rNTEHESTlNG BABIES IN THE INFANT
INCUBATORS.
SA3SASBTAS ZS TSS SOOI
LOTS OF FUN IN THE PENNT ARCAOC
Stroll Through the MIRROR MAZE.
- Bee ANITA and Her BABT MONKEY.
"When Phenia* A«lt for "The Chute*.*"
T>TTR<JFT, T. A •WTQTTS AMTJ^fTM VL KTfl-
ELLERY'S
ITALIAN BAND
EIGHT NEW SOLOISTS.
Seats Now on Sale
• SHERMAN. CLAT '* CO/3
POPULAR PRICES - - 25c, 5te and T5c
CONCERTS ALHAMBRA THEATER.
IbIIdS 0 ? 1 *- Keit Siradaj Night
- Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
\AI. T. HESS.
- Votary Public and AttoraT-mt-T.aw.
Tenia Floor. Room 1013. CUus EpracJuls bids.
Telephone Hate &S3. . .
Rtatderec. 821 California it., talow rn»«a.
Resldesca Tdephca* Jams* ttOL
ADVERTISEMENTS.
IVTHSIiSAOniV
KODAK
Printing and Dereloptar. and my prices
are waor down tf>e scale. Others har» cut
prices, too. but they fail to rfre the quality
of workmanship. . I am the orlsrlnal ; cut-
rats Kodak man. >
Here are a few prices:
: PRcrnifo
Roll of six..... lOe
Boll el twelve..............; 15c
" DEVEtiOPIN'G.
Sollo finish .3c ta 5e
Velox finish ............ ..........,3c to «c
¦ -Mall order* promptly filed.' ; ¦ ¦>-.— _¦•
rTHAT MAN PITTS
F. W. PITTS. . ; - ¦ .
1OOS MARKET ST.. ABOVE * POWELL.
- SAN , FRAJf£ISCO.THE SAN- KKANeiSeO;rGALL,v FRIDAY; -DECEMBER 4, ,1903.
12
CHANCES-— Contlnned.^ |
R. ar~WILKE. Real Estate and Business
Agent (established 14 years). 26^1 • Kearny
St., rocnu 9 and 10.
A $1600 COFFEE saloon and restaurant on
the- water front. «!ose to Market ¦ et. ; dally
receipts about $65; business clearing $300 per
month; trial given; a splendid offer: Investi-
gate st once. See R. G. WILKE. 28*4
Kearny tt. __^_
A— $3500; HOTEL and barroom with 30 rooms.
In Point Richmond; rent $100; rooms always
occupied by employes of railroad and Stand-
ard OH Company; board bill guaranteed by
company; owner never clears less than $300
per month. Call R. G. . WILKE. HSVt
Kearny st. ¦ '_
A— f900; SALOON on water front, with 8 fur-
nished rooms; S iron bedsteads In each room;
2 Mi years', lease; rent $45; rooms alone pay
$70 per* month and saloon doing a good busl-
nesw. See R. Q. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A— $000; EMPLOYMENT office, doing a good
business; must be sold at once on account
of sickness in owner's family. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26^4 Kearny St.
A — $1600; HALF Interest in one of the. best
corner saloons oa w&ter front; lease; dis-
agreement of partners • cause of sale; .will
tell whole for $3400. Call R. G. WILKE.
26V4 Kearny st. ¦ ¦
A — $1250; CORNER eajoon on Fourth st-, dose
to S. P. freight sheds; 8 furnished rooms
an* kltcben: a ' rood paying business. See
R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A— $800; DAIRY produce and delicatessen
store; rent $22; business clears above $100
per month; 11 vine rooms: value In sight.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st. '
A— $2000; SALOON on Kearny St.. about 2
blocks from Chronicle building; place estab-
lished years and doing a good business; or
one sartner will sell bis interest for $1000;
' disagreement cause of sale. See R. G.
WILKE. 36% Kearny st.
A— $1200; COFFEE saloon and bakery; close to
Phelan building; a good paying business,
but must be sacrificed on account of owner
being sick in hosnltal. Particulars R. G.
WILKE. 26^ Kearny »t.
A— $3260; LEADING saloon on Market and
Mason sts.; net rent $150; lease with, priv-
ilege of 5 years more: value In sight. Call
R. G. WILKE. 26 H Kearny st. " jV
A— $650; CIGAR etand on Montgomery St.; a
$700 cigar stand on Ellis st. ; stock at In-
voice; a $200 cigar stand on Third St.; stock
at Invoice- a $400 cigar stand on Eddy at.,
«c/ck at Invoice. Call R. G. WILKE. 26%
Kearny st. ___
A— $1210; COFFEE saloon on Geary St.; rent
$45. R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny- st.
A WHOLESALE and retail butcher business
In Monterey County, with 6 acres of land.
dwelWns house, slaughter house, • shop fix-
tures, boiler tanks, etc.; 8 horses, wagons
and a well established trade; this is a first-
class business proposition. All particulars,
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A $3500 corner saloon, about 1 block south
of Chronicle bldg.: established years and a
first-class paying place: fullest Investigation
solicited: this is a very rare chance. Call
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st. __.
A— HARDWARE ETORE
For sale; a high-class business; long estab-
lished and centrally located; owner desires
to retire;, will Invoice about $5000.-
GERMANIA" INVEST co - fl27 Market st.
aZ commission business.
For sale — Butter, eggs and general produce;
receipts average about $5000 monthly; long
established; price $2000. -
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 827 Market St.
STRANGERS. ATTENTION!
Are you looking for a safe and profitable busi-
ness opening in San Francisco? If so. we can
offer you any number requiring an Investment
from 'f 100 to $50,000; every business oppor-
tunity that pas=ses through our office must
stand the closest Investigation, and we can
r-lace you in a etore. factory, hotel, mill, of-
fice or, in fact, any business you may prefer;
kindly call and investigate.
GERMANIA INVESTMENT CO..
Suit 321. Emma Spreckela building.
A— MERCHANTS. ATTENTION.
Do you wish to enlarge your business, or do
you d«sire additional capital? If so. we can
furnish you with an active or silent partner
who will invest from $100 to $50,000; we
have a large number of desirable applicants
on our book* seeking stood business openings.
GERMANIA INVESTMENT CO.,
Suit 321. Emma Spreckels building.
A— GENERAL MERCHANDISE
STORE FOR SALE; a nice, clean stock In
the best town in California: invoice about
$4000: low rent; Ions' lease.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market at.
A^ FURNITURE BUSINESS.
A business man with from $2000 to $5000 can
secure partnership in established business In
this city and take charge of store.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market st. V
" A RARE OPPORTUNITY.
A — $250 cash and services secure Interest In
established office business paying $25 weekly;
experience not necessary: simple accounts.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 027 Market st.
ADVERTISER wishes to invest $10,000, with
services. In sound, paying business; nothing
speculative cr experimental; particulars nec-
essary to Insure attention. Box 2091, Call.
WANTED — Mechanic as managing foreman
in iron works; muet Invest at least $1000;
salary $1CO month. 632 Market st., room 23.
WANTED— A man with $650 for half interest
In good paying business; paying $300 month-
ly. Address box 4579. Call office.
FOR SALE — A weii established harness busi-
ness in the thriving city of Chico. For par-
ticulars call on L. D. STONE & CO.. 417
Market St.. or write to box 263. Chico.
$10 A DAY average assured by the Rockton
race system for people who have hard horse
sense. Box 34S5. Call.
FOR sale — Shoe store; 3 living rooms; must be
sold account of sickness. 876 Fourth st.
$1000— Partner: $150 month guaranteed; per-
manent business. Box 2813. Call office.
8-P.OOM house; new furniture: full; boarders;
near Jefferson Square. Box 2602, Call.
FOR sale — Cigar stand; owner In bad health
cause of selling. 053 Howard st.
GROCERY and bar "for sale; price $1500.
Washington Brewery, Taylor and Lombard.
FOR rale — A large, well-paying bakery; short
distance from city. Box 4706. Call.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 100S Market St.. opposite
Fifth. ODen until 11 d. m.
LODGIAC-HOL'SES FOR SALE.
"~~~~. f MARION. GRIFFInTi
MARION GRIFFIN.
MARION GRIFFIN.
MARION GRIFFIN.
MARION GRIFFIN.
MARION GRIFFIN.
I MARION GRIFFIN.
[Room 406. Examiner Building.]
Phone Black 3607. Take elevator to 4th floor.
LARGE, new, elegantly furnished house; cost
fS000;.wll| sell for amount of mortgage; pos-
itively a forced sale; easy terms; clears $300
a month; $1500 cash necessary.
MARION GRIFFIN. ]
HOTEL, with bar;. 68 rooms; groat sacrifice:
' only $2100; dinins-room seats 100' electric
lights; newly furnished. MARION GRIFFIN.]
PARTLY furnished 20-room house; sunny side;
north of Market; if you have furniture in
storage make proposition to .' ¦¦
MARION GRIFFIN. ]
YOU can make $10,000 per year in a certain
ultra-fashionable - apartment-house; exclu-
sively for eale by MARION GRIFFIN. ]
WE can show you a.' swell rooming-house,', em-
inently respectable,, f«.ir $12,000, irom which
SCOOT is banked yearly. MARION «RIFFI£.]
JOBS at $3 per day at home are scarce; we
know of one; price '($1050) Includes 17-room
hocse. MARION. GKJFFIN. , ]
NEW building; 30 rooms elegantly furnished;
clears $150 month; lease: easy terms.
MARION GKIFFIN. J
DARING. . ability and $4500 will yield a profit
of $500 monthly right here In this city.
Before you Invest elsewhere you'd better go
and sea . MARION GRIFFIN. ]
A VERY elegant new modern downtown house
of 50 rooms, hot and cold water, . electric el-
evator, rteam heat; In splendid neighborhood;
contiguous to the theaters, . the best restaur-
ants and the leading retail establishments of
San Francisco; the . f urnlehlntcs are of ¦ the
best, consisting - of oak. enameled Iron and
brass beds; Brussels and Ax minster carpets
and* elegant hangings; lease .for 9 years;
clears $400 a month; terms can be arranged.
MARION GRIFFIN. 406 Hearst building.
HORTON & TRUBGDY. the Pioneers.
6 Eddy St., room 100.
! 85 rooms; rent $2 CO per room; new building;
new carpets, well furnished;, light and sunny;
clears. $200; price $4000; $1500 cash; ill health
cause.' . -
100 rooms;, $7500; cheap rent: long, lease;
corner on Market et.; a money-maker and rare
bargain. W'Tlf'TlHl i«TFI r nrill'iP' l fi||1H l 'i
. 36-room family boarding-house; corner; cleared
$3000 last 12 months; ligbt'and sunny: a beau-
tiful home; nice garden; north of Market.
20 rooms; transient: clear* $200 month; $1800
23 rooms: transient: $2250; $800 cash. . HOR-
TON & TKUBODY. 6 Eddy; phone James C3S0. ,
HELP WAITED— FEMALE— Coa.
WANTEblls cooks, some washln"gr$Hr~^C"
8n » a » J»«taurant. $30; cook, id peopi,*^
ranch. $w : parlor maid. $30; second gi- <£ a
linas. $2.1; Oakland. 2 family. $25; 2 '{,!?-
Z™* e «- .f'O: 3 n«rse girls. $2O-$25: el^Stai
and dishwashing, small hotel. $23; h O ni
r,A fk> V k!ah - J2 °-- - nur3 « s 'or taitltSuS"
$20: waitress. $S week, day off; 2 lunch w^t'
i7^\i^L hmleT - * M ! ?» Kweral housework
A. CO.. 334 Sutter st. •
8^l I i ( J H ACHINE OPERATORS AND RTv-
gTf^.^O EXPERIENCE NECES3ART:
S A 12^ f^ RT - LEVI STRAUSS & CO '3
2^ FREMONT ST. AND 1^73
MISSION. NEAR FIFTEENTH.
A O^Farrell f st. COOlc!nar ' and nousework. 1023
WANTED— Girl for general housework and
plain cooking. 1037 p cst gt
WANTED— A womaTwho is »a expert nalr-
dresser. understands shampooing, manlcur-
ing. ete^: salary $12 to $15 a weekTsTat.- '
age, experience, etc. Apply box 2818. Call.
K fe^n B ,^e^deS^ &L**
YOUNG girl to take out 4-year-old child- a*!
slst with light hotisework/_i^ p^Tt. "^
FIRST-CLAS3 stenographers famished! MiM
M. O. Barrett. Instructor. 30S^on?gtmerVf
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscrlptioat recslved at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan ft Church »?•.
A BRANCH office of The Can fir the receo-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions hu
been opened at 1008 Market k oroo«it«
Fifth. Open untU 11 p. m " " C?oil{t
HELP WAJTTED— MALE.
A^Mi^B^r^jr^ADYT^s^Hr^rstr"*
Phone Main 584S.
Leading Employment and Labor Acsita
1902 we gave 1903 w«'i: ijy-
45, COO men' work. 60,000 m«a work.
ARIZONA, close to Prescott. $3.
OREGON— FREE FARE.
Coal miners, $U to $5 a. day.
Second cook, mine, $40 found.
Blacksmith, mine, $80: helper, $60.
Tailor, old man. Institution, $15 found.
Head logger for woods. $73.
Baker, shop, fare $3. $35 found.
2 BELL BOYS, $25 and FOTJND.
Timberman, mine, $S2 SO.
House man. porter, city hotel, ' $25 found.
Bookkeeper, ranch, fare fl, $50 found.
1 ' CABINETMAKERS, $3 50 DAY.
Striper and letterer. all-round painter. $3 day
2 coatmakers. $5 per coat.
: OLD MEXICO— FREE FARE.
Carriage trimmer, boss here.
Gang edgerman, lumber co.. north. $85 fouad.
Tinsmith. $3 to $3 50 day.
Foreman, orchard and vineyard.
Man take charge hotel, country, $40 A M.
Sticker and matcher hand. $3 50 a day.
10 TEAMSTERS. f73.
4 horses, fare $2 80, FEE $1. steady Job.
Colored man and wife, cooks, hotel kltchea.
$60; fare $3.
GOOD MINES.
Machine drillers. $90.
Chuck tender. $67 50.
Single hand miners. $75.
Amalgamators. $90.
Rock -breaker men. $75.
60 laborers. $o7 50.
MURRAY & READT. 634-636 1 Clay st.
FIRST-CLASS cook. city. $100: butcher for
restaurant. $40 and board: cook and wife
. for country. $105 and found: restaurant cook,
country, $75 and found; oysterman. $40 and
board; butler. V-~> and found; fruit farmer
and wife. $45 and found; gardener, $25 to
$30 and found; stable and chore man, $30
and found : Janitor, $40. J. F. CROSETT A
CO.. 62S Sacramento at. :'."' '
A SECOND butler for private family la city.
$35. MISS PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter St.. near
Powell. : .
WANTED — For U. S. army, able-bodied, un-
married men. between ages of 21 and 35. citi-
zens of United States, of good character and
temperate habits, who can speak, read and
write English. For information apply to Re-
cruiting Officer. Rialto building. New Mont-
gomery ft.. San Francisco, or Masocls bulld-
Ing. Sacramento. Cal.
A —
Men to learn the barber trade- !r* 3- months
and secure good positions; catalogue and full
Information mailed free. .MOLER System
College. .635 Clay st. '
WANTED — Experienced dry goods p&eker and
crater. Apply between 9 and 11 a. m. at
HALE BROS.' . '¦:_ , V.
WANTED — Young man who la si first-class
dress goods salesmao. Apply between 9 and
11 a. m. at HALE BROS.' '.^w-V
WANTED— A reliable, competent clerk for a
liquor store; rood salary and prospects for
right party. Address Jaffa Wine Ox. 224 J
st., Sacramento. Cal.
GOVERNMENT positions — Call at room 14.
fifth floor. 3C5 Larkin St.. for tre* Informa-
tion as to posit tens, salaries, age limits, etc:
day or evenings. • »•-. v
OLD-ESTABLISHED fearber shop of 3 chain
for sale; In country; good trade; selling on
account of sickness. Address box 862, Call
office, Oakland.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 per pair, foot -form shoes at $2 5<\ or
orthopedic shoes. $-1 50; best shoes on esrth. 11
Third St., Exam. bldg.. 6 doors from Market.
BARBERS— Nearly new hydraulic chair, mir-
ror- and 'work stand, oak. marble top, for
eale cheap. 2S37 Greenwich st. ¦ ? -.' .
BARBER shop, running two chairs In Reno,
Nev.. can be bought cheap. Further partic-
ulars at Stoltz's. 723 Market st.
ERRAND boy wanted at GOLDSTEIN M
CO.'S. 733 Market st.
ENGRAVER wanted for the holiday season;
paying position. Box 2344. Call.
STEADY position for good engraver; must cut
for enamel work. Box 2845, Call.
YOUNG dishwasher wanted. 465 Valencia st.
WANTED — A barber. 34 Montgomery St.;
must give reference^
WANTED— Walter at New Golden Gate Hotel,
164 Fourth st.
WANTED— Job feeder. 24 Second et.
WANTED — An all around bookbinder; one who
can do forwarding and finishing oa full
bounds. Apply SANBORN, VAIL & CO..
711 Market st. ¦ ¦
FINE- coat, vest and pants makers wanted.
Apply between 10 and 11 a. m. to the Steven-
son-st entrance of CHAS. LYONS, London
TallorV721 Market st.
WANTED — Competent, reliable man for porter
and Janitor; permanent position to satisfac-
tory man; state age. experience. r«ferences
and wages desired. Address box 2820. Call.
WHY pay big prices to have your shoes half-
soled when you can «et It done for 25c, 50«
and 60c while you wait at 563 Mission St.,
bet. 1st and 2d sts.. or 11 Third st. ?
WANTED— For U. S. Marine Corps, able-
bodied unmarried men, between 21 and So:
good character; must sseak, read and wrlta n
English; marines serve at sea on men-of-
war In all parts of the world, on land In our
island possessions, and at naval stations y>
the United States. Apply at recruiting of-
fice, 40 Ellis st. San Francisco. Cal.. ana
401 K. St.. , Sacramento. CaL
IF you are not satisfied with your — ****'£?
have an opening whereby you can «*£?•**"':
mately $40 weekly; gentlemanly occupation,
good address, business knowledge "!<£"*"¦
Royal Mercantile Co.. suite 19. Columbian aid.
A PLEASANT faced, fine appearU*. *^JHl
geon: positively no other; must b« 'J**™^
40 and W and good case taker: no- traveling .
salary about $150. Box 4717. Call office.
WANTED— Laborers «<' M m^ s^i c * rl( . t , < J )r kl^
ihat Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor. I has
added 100 new rooms to tie Denver House
. 217 Third St.; 250 rooms; 23c to 50c per ntght.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$150 £air: foot-form sh~» « « W^we pay
expresVor mall charges. 11 3d St.. Exam, bid.
BARBER trade tausht In «?« ™?™^ JJf''
method. Western College of Barbers, room
111. No. « Eddy st.. fl»h floor. . .
pVvsiON ATTY M- HARRIS. 40 ETHa'st.; 14
yearV practice: 'references from thousands of
persons for whom I ha™ secured pensions.
i FOR sale— A 2-ehaIr barber shop at 1136H Fol-
som st^ " >
iwirv to learn barber trade; catalogue mailed.
ITf. Barber School. 741A Howard st.
ppvq T flv atty.. E. A. Bullis. room 40. Phelan
bidg! Past Cpm. O«>- H. Thomas Post.O.A.R.
McDONALD & PERRY have a larw stock of
new and second-hand shoes; cheap. 230 3d st.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket 7u0 rooms. 35c night; reading rooms;
free 'bus *nd baggage to and from • ferry.
A BRANCH office "of The Call for the recep-,
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has J
been opened at 1008 Market »t.. - opposite
Fifth. , Open until 11 p. m.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damage*, half
price. 563 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 3d «t».
GET your shoes half soled while watting: 28o
, to 50c. 563 Mission St., bet. l»t aal 2d sU.
SPIRITUALISM.
PROF. Fred P. Evans, noted psychic for slate-
writing and clairvoyance; stamp for circular.
1112 Eddy st.. nr. Octavla: phone Scott 887
ETHEL CRINDLE. materializing seance Fri-
day eve., 50c. 328 Ellis St.. 8 o'clock.
MMD; MARSEAU. card reader; ladles. 25 cents:
gents. 60 cents; hours, 1 to 9. 545 Minna st.
MRS L HODGSON. 148 Sixth St., circles Wed..
.Thurs., Frl. and Sat. Readings daily, 10 to 5.
Seer Egyptian. Hindoo occult; reads dally; cir-
cles Wed., Frl.. Sun., 8 p. m. 540 Elite st..
MRS A. R. SMITH of Portland. 706 Polk st.
room 26. The Gladstone, corner Eddy st.
EDWARD EARLE. 1062 Ellis, ceadlngs daily.
9:30 to 4r seances Sunday and Thursday.
clairvoyants. »
a^-pauiTdestine,
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
. " Palmist Ever -In San Francisco.
' Read Carefully. An Honest Proposition.
No Charge. . . . No Charge
¦ Unless you obtain the Information for which
you consult me.
•I- do" hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge if I fall to tell your name, oc-
cupatron and what you called for; I' promise to
tell you If husband, wife or sweetheart Is true
or false; tell who and when you will marry; in
fact ' I will teJl every hope, fear or ambition
better than you can' tell yourself; I reunite the
separated restore lost affections, cause speedy
and happy marriage, give you good lucK re-
store -lost energy; 10 a. in. to 8 p. m.; Sun. 2.6.
326 O'Farrell st. ; low, fee this week— $1. $1. $1.
MME. M. BERNARD, ' THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and . business ¦ medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third St., next Examiner
bldg.; she' reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, % reveals the
present happenings and- portrays events to
«ccur,ln the future; If, you -are In trouble,
• discontented or not satisfied, in Hfe,~T3r have
• domestic, love or business troubles, consult
thlsgreat medium and you wlllbe told how
to overcome them; valuable, advice In all af-
fairs of life; 25c up; satisfaction guaran-
teed; readings by majK^eKJSlack^Wa^^
REAR ' ADMIRAL GREER.'U.S. N..
8ays:- "Mme. Llvorno . demonstrated my
character and career, in a wonderful man-
ner."' '¦ ':¦'. ¦ " '. i"."-------,'''
L-I-V-O-R-N-O,
' THE WORLD RENOWS'ED VALMIST
AND CRYSTAL GAZER;
" ' ¦ 34- KEARNY. > ST. :' .
; Over Hammersmith & Field's. Tel Black 2435.
¦tySee portrait of Mme.-Llvorno arid original
. testimonials at entrance." Three qutstions by
-malt, $1. Send month and year of birth. ' :
IBMAR, the Egyptian- gypsy,' clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
St.. cor. Turk; private readings dally. 10 a.
m.to 5 p. m.; readings by mall as satlsfac-
i ¦ toryas In person;- 3 . questions, answered, $1 ;
: full, life, $5; send lock of hair, date and year
of birth: don't send currency. Send postofflce,
¦ -Wells-Fargo money order or registered letter.
MRS: A. H. Kronenberg, palmist, clairvoyant,
card reader, will give a good reading. 10c, for
a short time only; when others fall try me to
convince yourself. 721 Franklin. nr/G. G.ave.
COME AND HAVE YOUR LIFE READ 4 -
. i BY MRS. , DR. E. SANDERS,
And Learn . Mental Telegraphy.
• • 418 Post St.; hours 10 to 8.
MME. VEINA. wonderful trance medium and
card • reader: Just returned •'from ¦ long ab- s
sence. 406 Geary, ;near Mason, room 1.
A— Mrrt e. | Ravean a | reads ; 1 If e; • business advice ;
, names given; 25c up. / 6 4th at., near Market.
MISS.ZEMDAR. young gifted clalr., and palm.;
. names; L.50c;G. $1.7 14 Franklln.nr.Q.Q.ave.
MME.- JACQUES,, clalrvoyant.-'and - palmist;
readings dally. ,' 839 : Eddy, :; right-hand bell.
MISS WARD 'gives names, dates > and facts;
- hours,' 11 a.* ro. to 9 ¦ p. : m." 413 Mason ; no sign
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader In city."
26H ' Kexrny, ; room 20; \ ladles 25c,' gents 50c.
MRS. SHAFER. ' clairvoyant,: card reader: slt-
tingg dally. 448% Jessie St., bet. 5th and 6th.
. "v; . 'CKEDIT \CX,OTIftEBS.
CvF. -ADAMSICO. » *•-.¦*,"¦?. '>"¦'. "-" : ~
' . < SPECIAL i CREDIT" ETORE. -
1 - '.We ; 'clothe "• the • whole '. family ; from hats . to
v rhoes;'. everything i up to 'date at cash prices.
Credit for all. -.. 318 ,Mascn st. ./ J -
BUY .your • eults and overcoats ;at<LICHTEN-
;,, STEIN = BROS.; 25. Stockton st.," on email
weekly payments; -goods delivered on" first
COLLECTION OFFICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.." 415 Montgomery, rooms 0-10; tel. 55Sf,.
DENTISTS.
DR. GRUSS. 804-5-6 Callaghan bldg?^Market
and McAllister su>.. uses the Basford Obtun-
, der. the only device ever Invented for grind-
' Ing. drilling ami excavating teeth absolutely
without pain. For demonstration and proof
. call at office. - •
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market. nr.EIeventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made: old plates made 'over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
A NEW plate— The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs; crown. $3 50; fillings. 50c;
plates-, $5; full set; all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth at.
A. ARTHUR CHISHOLM, surgeon dentist,
room 14, Phelan building, San Francisco.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Set teeth $1 50 up; crowns $2 up; fillings 25c.
GOLD flllines. 75c: silver. 35c; crowns. $2; no
pain: open Sunday. Dr.O.B.HewKt.204 Sutter..
A WEEK'S news for 5 centa — The .Weekly Call.
'¦ 16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEA5ISTR1ESSES
ACCORDION .sunburst & knife plaiting. Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School —
Patterns cut to measureleve.class. 1019 Mrkt.
~ EpUCATlONAJL^^ ; —^ _^~
iieald's Business college. sVpostv s.~
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy, English branches; day
and nlKht sessions; Illustrated catalogue free.
AYRES, • the leading business college. 723 Mar-
ket St.; special summer course In all depart-
ments: handsome catalogue free: life scholar-
ship, $50; day and evening sessions.
CALIFORNIA Business College. 305 Larkln St.
"A thorough school": positions secured for
graduates: modern methods; individual In-
struction. Write for Illustrated catalogue.
HIXMAN'S Academy; a thorough ' school of
dancing; established 2» years. 1412 Polk st..
between Pine and California; both adult and
children's classes are now open for the season.
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for the university, lay and medical colleges;
ref.. President Jordan or any Stanford profes-
sor; day and evening sessions. | Phelan bldg.
THE PAUL GERSON School of Acting, the
foremost Institution of the kind In the entire
West; ll^teachers; send for catalogue. Na-
tlre Sons' bldg.. 414 Mason st. :
ENGINEERING— Civil, eleci. mln., mech.. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. ev.: cst. 1864. -Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. Ctty Hall.
HEALD'S School of Mines & Electricity.24 Post
-, St., S. F.; a practical school- of. engineering;
. complete enu ioment. Special catalogue iree.
A— SAN FRANCISCO Business College. 1238
Market et. — Practical, progressive,; reliable;
day and evening sessions; write for catalogue.
DANCING Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday. Sun-
day evgs.; Teutonla Hall, Howard St.", , nr.
9th.. 'Prof. Foster: society, dancing- taught.
EUGENE DE FOREST SCHOOL OF ACTING.
Saratoga Hall. 840 Geary st. ; call 2 to 5. -
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION .Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine st... .Night class.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
¦ etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. Uth.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
OFFICES.
GEORGE -A-Okr. ' 421 Post Yt r. ieU~£uaiTT3£—
Japanese-Chinese 'employment office; ¦' fur-
nlshes best help; contracts for farm help. etc.
A— ORPHEUM Employment Of flee— Japanese-
I Chinese help.- 426 Powell. Tel Main 5752. v
A — GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp. > Office.' 415
Stockton; tel. Grant 1K8; expert, reliable help.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
j fice; all kind* help.- 315 Stockton: Main 5188.
JAPANESE Henry Housecleaning .'Co. Tel
James 1651. ; 2U0H' Brannan st. ;
CHINESE*. Employment ••¦ Office— Best 1- help at
Leon Seung's. ' 411^0' Farrell ; tel. ' East ¦ 428.
CHINESE and Japanese. help; estab. 20 years.
k^ Tel. Mala 1TO7. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay."
LODGIXG . nOUSESFOlirmR-^on.
aTcAMERON^Co!T <?*V
3 Eddy St.. cor. Market and Powell. • - -.
Headquarters for rooming houses, hotels and all
• • • - kinds of business chances. ¦•;';;;/"
23 r., near Market; lease; well fur.; $000 '
down ..•.....$22.10
60 r.; rent $300; Market: clears $300 mo..SOOO
7 r.. Van Nese; rent $22 60; nice little -
home ..-• «5
20 r. ; new. mod.. 'elegantly furnished.. 2500
11 r. ; rent $G0; new. fine fur.; clears $47 S50
9 r.; Ellie; rent $35; fine home; snap:. ¦" 650
68 r.; cheap rent; clears $300 to $400;
money-maker' ...-.....'. .. 8500
30 r.; rent $95; good fur. ;. clears. $100. . 2000
12 r.; rent $40; close In; well fur.;.sacrl-.
fice 600
8 r. ; up, flat; everything mod.; departure 750
'3 r.; rent $?0;. cor. . flat; Leavenworth; , .
snap .^.. .... ' 225
43; r. ; cor. ; rent $180; apartments .well i ¦ ¦.
furnished '.. . .. 4000
ltt-r.; new-house; furniture; clears $80." 2500
8 r.; rents $50; modern;, finely, furn .500
22. r.; rent $80; lease; newly renovated;, . -
clears $100. ;.:.....: . : .... .... .". . . 1850
9 r.; Geary; elegantly- far. ; beautiful
home; -departure ....-.,....- 650
11 r.; Eddy; rent $50; well fur.; clears $38 . 750
v 34 r.; fine; downtown; transient;', makes'
big money ....'..-. ; . 3200
8 r.; rent $42; modern flat; elegant fur.;' '
sickness .400
14 r.; rent $75; oak fur.; good, carpets 900
12 r.: close in; well fur. : bargain.'. :.. .'1100
18 r. : fine corner: new and elegantly fur. 22150
HEADQDARTEHS FOR LODGING HOUSES/
C. E. HINKLEY, - . • . ..
/ C • 1020 MARKET ST.. OPP. FIFTH. "
PHONE MINT 796. - • • ¦
Carriage for Customers.- ... ;¦ i
CLEAR TITLES GUARANTEED.
BUYER AND SEIJ^ER- PROTECTED. "
13 rooms; Mission- St.; .rent $50. ... ......$ 550
29 rooms; rent $35; snap. ;.;..'.. 7..... 1200
9 rooms; housekeeping; clears. $27... .... 200
J2 rooms; north of Market: rent $40...... .600
11 rooms; Eddy st.;- rent $50 V 600
60 rooms; transient; 'liquor- license. ...'..*. 2700
8 rooms; Poet st % ; rent $32; only 250
9 rooms; Sutter st.; 3 unfurnished..... . '850
GRAND CORNER. 100 ROOMS; first floor of-
fice; lease; low rent: clears $500 monthly; ¦ some
country transient. . See this first-class proposi-
tlon. HINKLEY. 1020 Market St. . '. , .,
20 ROOMS; new; rent only $90; 3 years' lease;
clears $100; good carpets; - oak furniture;
every room sunny; large, yard. ; HINKLEY.
MODERN apartment . house, 44: rooms; rent
$240; guaranteed to clear $200; 3 and 4 room
apartments: elegantly furnished. See my
agent. C.E., HINKLEY.- • ¦.- - . s
120 ROOMS; -rent less -. tha n • $5 - a room : up : to
date in. every respect;. finely furnished; books
open; clears $350 to ' $400 monthly; $6000:
part cash; HINKLEY. 1020 Market st. y
1 ' ¦.«• see--/ ?: ~ ~~:
J. E. TETLOW. . :
• Phone Folsom 2957.
1023 Market St.. between 6th and 7th.- , i
For ¦ hotels, rooming-houses and : business
¦ ' chances: any part of.' the -city. • - .
A— $3000; PRIVATE . boarding-house, with ¦ 40
elegantly furnished rooms, on Van. Ness ave. ;
rooms always occupied and first-class patron-
See R. G. . WILKE. 26^4 .Kearny st. :
CHEAPEST and best In America — The Weekly
Call. 10 pages, sent to any address > In the
United States or Canada one year for.'$l. ¦ . .,
CARI'ET" ItEATIXG AXD , CLEANING.
AIR compressed,-' dry, , Ice 'cold,", is ¦ now.uhiver-
..sally used 'In .sanitary, cleaning carpets on
floor, without removal, or Injury ;". prices ' mod-
erate. Apply E. F. COMPRE3SED; AIR
CLEANING CO.. Call bid.; phone. Main 5237..
W^fEN you become' dlegusted' wlthTyoiur: work
¦ send for:SPAULDING'S;Ploneer Carpet-beat--
; Ing Works. 355-357.' Tehama St.; tel. South 40.
TRY Hopke. Bros: ;* carpet ; beating; j mattresses
made over. - 1432 ¦ Howard ; teK f South ' 216. ..
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. : 1809 Har-
.rison st.r-Al cleaning; 3c; tel. 'Mission -229. :
CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating Co.- J.- McQueen.
proprietor. 329 Guerrero St.. tel. Mission 49.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co..- 402 Sutter st.;
> tel; Main 394. GEO. WALCOM 4 CO..*: Prop*. .
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
¦; reasonable. .1703 Harrison st.; tel.. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S; Superior Carpet-beating- Works,
•SS3 Golden' Gate ave. : telephone East 126.-;
: *' CPRES-BTTPTTrSi;. ..">...
WHO DOES" IT? ¦ HUNTER; 1206 Market st.'
Bend for. circular. _-Why. . will ; you 'suffer I / .
THE^CALL
JOK3T P. SPKSCgEItS. Proprietor.
iiiim ccsnalailCBt to ]QHS KcHADGET, Haiagr
AV. J. MARTIN.,. Business Manager.
TELEPHONE.
Ask »or THE CALL. The Operator Will Con.
nect You With the Department You \\ Isn.
Publication Office Market and Th'.rd. S. F.
Editorial Hoomt 217 to 221 Stevenson st.
Delivered fcy Carriers. 20 Cts. Per Week. 75
CIS. Per Month. Single Copies C Cents.
Terms by Mall, Including Postage (Cash With
Order) : „ _.
i>AILY CALL (inc'.ud. Sunday). 1 Year. .. .*S.OO
LtAILY CALL (incjud. Sunday). C mos 4.00
PAILY CALL— By fcingle Month <•«:
t-UNDAY CALL. 1 Year - -— ~
¦WEEKLY CALL. 1 Year - 1 °0
FORriGV I Daily... $S.8O Per Year Extra
™*ftrr Sunday.. 4.15 Per Year Extra
FOSTAGt. , \\>ekly. 1.00 Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ABE AVTHORIZSL
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Eample Copies will be forwarded when re-
.- f Quested.
Mail subscribers In ordering change of sd-
«ress should be particular to gire both NEW
AND OLD ADDRESS In order to insure a
prcrcpt and correct compliance with their re-
BSMt
OAKLAND OFFICE.
Ill* Broadway Telephone Mala 10S3
BERKELEY OFFICE. -
tits Oecter Street Telephone North 77
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
MORTON E. CRANE 1406 G Street. N. W.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf -Aetoria Hotel: A. Brentano, SI
•Union Square: Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth -ave-
r.ue Hotel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House; P. O. News Co.; Great
Northern Hotel: Tremcnt House; Auditorium
.Hotel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KROGNESS...Marquette Building
<Locg Distance Telephone. "Central 2619.")
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
CTEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CARL.TON Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, correr Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every nlg-ht in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
1008 Market etreet; open until 11 p. m.
X27 Montgomery street, censer Clay; open un-
til 9:30 v. m.
S00 Hayes street; cpen until 9:30 p. m.
f-19 McAlHe ter street ; open until fi :S0 p. in.
-M: Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
«;s Lerkln etreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
2261 Market etreet, corner Sixteenth; open un-
til 0 c. m.
!W Eleventh street: open until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia street: open until 9 p. m.
•Northeast corner Church and Duncan' streets;
cpen until 9 cm.
Northwest corner cf Twenty-second and Ken-
. tucky street*; open until 9 p. ra.
2S"fl Fll'more ptreet: open until 9 p. m.
CHCUCH SERVICES.
EVANGELIST McCLURE. from Ireland, will
hold special meetines at Sixteenth st.. near
VsJenela. in Gospel Hall. Thursday, Friday
and Sunday, at 7:45 p. m. Everybody wel-
come; no collection.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Commandery No. 1. K. _»
¦ T. — Regular assembly THIS EVEN- *¥&?¦
ING. at 7:30 o'clock. Order of Red ty;g
TrosK. All fraters courteously in- <ST
vlted.
THOMAS H. BROWNE. Commander.
. X. L HENDERSON. Recorder.
PACIFIC Lodge No. 136. F. and A. M.. m
Masonic Temple— Annual Mated men- yv
ing THIS EVENING, 7:30 o - clock. />r\
Election of officers.
¦ "- GEORGE PEXLINGTON. Secretary.
HARMONY Lodge No. 13, I. O. O.
F. — The officer* and the funeral A^ffl^
< emmittee of the abovp r.arr-ei -*f£??|5v3?
lodg» are hereby notified to as-
*«mble at Odd Fellows' Hall, corner Market
and Seventh «ts., en FRIDAY. December 4.
at 1 :S0 b. m.. for the purpose of attending
the funeral cf our late brother. HENRY
• WIEBKE. A. PAUBA. N. G.
CHAS. OUAST. Fin. Sec.
THF. officers and members -«
of Golden G*te Camp No. ' ' '""Tj
Fwtfully reqnerted tost- t^*^X;£o&4iM&
tend ili* funeral of our c^y&^^sc&imSZ*^
lar* neighbor. JOHN' w*^
: HIGGIK6. TO-DAY < Friday*. December 4.
¦ from the funeral parlors of James McGinn,
- 214 Eddy Ft., at fl a. m.
WILLIAM CARR. Consul Commander.
JOHN T. irPOXXELU Oerk.
SAN FRA^.'CISCO Tent No. _<tfj»^^K
'. v . K. O T. IX. — Review /fyTl-l-'ZSsV
TiTT? fFRIDAY* EVEN- Qt3 j\
IX'J, at W o'clock. Pioneer Er2*I "W vSTs
• Hail. 24 Fourth et. »|SL£f-^J?*r
REGULAR mating of the Caledon v CT C
ian C!ub THIS EVENIXG at J3^fi^
• . o'clock. The resignation of th* >jVX£s
' hief will come up for considers. *fc^?»
tion. A rull attendance Is requested. Scot-
tish Hall, 117 Larkin gt.
A. M, MACPHERSON. Chief.
JAS. H. DUNCAN. Secretary.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 ; .-p< s, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
AGEXTS WASTED.
"WE have a very attractive offer for subscrtp-
' tion representatives in the Pacific Coast
States. Address 59 Columbian bldg.. S. F.
ATTOnXEl 8-AT-L.AW.
wT~H. BITTNER. "
ATTORNEY AND COUXSELTJR AT LAW
Advice free. Phone South 7-J3 •
Pulte ZTi. Emma gpreckels building
' Divorce* quietly and legally obtained for
• iRht causes: damage* secured for injuries to
fri-on or estate; replevins for. property un-
lawfully detained; attachments and jrarnlih-
ments for dfbtg: bonds furnished: bankruptcy
l-ro~e<lings; wills probated; estates settled -
collections made in all parts of the U. 8.
A PRIVATE, quick divorce for a small fee.'
See m» and «i-t money: no pay in advance
G. V. HOWE. ATTORNEY- AT-LAW.
r.ftsbliKhed 22 yrf.: rms. 1. 2. 3. 4 & 5, 1st fl
1122 Market st.. between Mason and Taylor
Advice free, all matters. Detectives employed!
AA-TUE Legal A£rlsorjr. Inc.; i-el!able attor-
neyw; practice In dl courU; attachments, di-
vorce, *>*tates. bankruptcy," probat»> 511
MIA. M1B Crossley bldg.. NE. ccr. New
Montgomery and Mission sts. ; t»l. John 2926.
n. W. KING. Attomey-at-Lew. Exam bldg. ~
6th floor, entrance room 611; established 20
years: all case*: general' court and office
rractlce: no fee In advance or f or ' consuita-
tlcn; eventr.gs by appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
ADVICE free — I will advance coi>t In meritori-
ous cases, divorces, probate and all other law
cases: no fees in advance; open every even-
- Ing. J. M. THURSTON, 819 Marnet St.. r. 31.
ADVICE FREE. ~ ~~
•"olurcbian Law and Collection Agency.
Tlocm X5, 916 Market rt.: tel. John C226.
. DIVORCE oosts fl2; quick and quiet: open
' _gg w j K* : Examiner building, rocm 315.
DIVORCE costs $12: open evenings; tenants
c.^cted. $5. QIC Market. r.€2;phone Black 65L
DIVORCE — Cost*. $12; quick, quiet; advice
?rce; open evenings. 927 Market st.. r. 301.
¦ L. fi. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldj.. 927 Mar-
ket et.; consultation free; no fees In advance.
ADVICE frw; no charge unless successful; all
law business. W. W. Davidson. 027 Market.
BIRDS. DOGS. ETC. ~
WARBLING canari-j". talking parrots-^ ail
k'nds of tons and fancy birds; goldfish seed
case*, etc. Gim us a trial; we will please
you. IMG Market et. . -
MOAHDIXG FOR CHILDREN.
NITRSE wishes children to board: private fam-
ily; best of references. Box 2842. Call office,
BUSINESS CHAJfCES.
A. f TENEERG CO.. ! Phone Black CS92
783 »4 Market st.
We have for sale at their value a few
cr iceries, restauranU, bakeries, saloons, can-
dy, clrar *
STORES. STORES.
A. gTENBERG CO.. 738^ Market st
FOR sale — Deilcateesen etore; fine lunch room-
n/ar Market rt.; cheap rent; 7 furnished
rooms: eVerytliln* complete. A. STENBERG
«X>.. 7S31J Market St.. ¦
A— WORKINGMAN'R boerding-house; good Io-
eation; low rent; «teau> boarders: &o agents.
Box 2803, Call ©race. ¦ _ t
address cook. 144 ti Turk si ., «»'¦
Mrs. Professor TiVlnsIow. city. .
WOMAN wants work by the day; first-class
references. lg27_VaMeJo_st. ¦_
A YOUNG girl would like work .In bakery-
Call at 342 Fifth st. ' .
$20 543 Minna st. ,_
"n°es. Pox 2819. Call office. j
COMPETENT girl wants a situation to do
?! «rTt hSuiewoVk In American family. Box
2837. Call office. .
A YOUNG girl, very fond of J}lMr««J
willing, speak, German and **g^*\*a*»
situation; please state wages. Box 280S. l*».
POSITION wanted by resp«cta.bU> '«^,^»
furnish references. 402 Eighth st.
SCANDINAVIAN girl wants a Job at .house-
work. Call at 1832 Powell st.
WANT ads and subscription, taken for The
Call at Eaton s Bataar. 633 McAllister si.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED— MALE.
A YOUNG man with the best of city »Jff«f««
wishes position as salesman or solicitor.'
¦ Box 3702. Call office. ¦
A YOUNG man shortly out from S*^." 1
wishes any kind of work. Address 100 Te-
hama St.. corner of Second.
A SOBEU and steady man wants position as
Janitor, watchman or running elevator; flrst-
clasa references. Apply J. J- M.. 129Vi 6th.
WANTED — Position as cook for ranch; small
wages. Box 3705. Call office.
CARPENTER Jobbing or bench. Box 2843,
Call office. - ¦
AN elderly single German Is open for a posi-
tion where general administrative ability,
with practical knowledge of all agricultural
branches, especially forestry, would be in
requisition. Box 456S. Call office.
YOUNG man with push desires position assist-
ant shipping clerk or general assistant around
store; good references In house furnishing
goods line; age 24. Address R. L. G.. 251
Minna st. ¦
WANTED— Position of trust cr collector by a
middle-aged married man; first-class refer-
ence from last position of 15 years. Address
box 2094. Call office. -
A SOBER, Industrious man, willing to work,
wants position In business house or to drive
wagon.- Box 2S34, Call.
WANTED — A situation by ablebodled man In
wholesale house; good common school educa-
tlon. Apply PUTNAM. 40 Oak st. __/
POSITION by a middle-aged male nurse to
take care' of invalid centleman. Box 2S22.
Call.
BARBER, competent to fill position as such,
would like steady or Saturday and Sunday
work. Address 3» Clara st.
1 MAN wants to finish barber trade: has had 2
years' experience. Address WILLIAM WIL-
SON, OSS Howard st.. city. ¦
GERMAN ranch cook wants position; first-class
references. Bex 2830, Call. . .
AN experienced baker's helper desires position
; In city on cakes or bread. Box 2321. Call.
FIRST-CLASS carpenter wants work. Box
2095. Call office. r>
FIRST-CLASS union barber wants short hour
work. H. S.. 277 Minna st.
UPHOLSTERER, carpet and drapery man
wants work. 2231 Mission st. •
JAPANESE; first-class cook, wants position In
small family in San .Mateo ; wastes $25 up.
Address YAMA, 415 Seventh St., Oakland;
tel. Black 2432.
A JAPANESE laundryman wants to work la a
family In town; 15 years' experience in Japaa;
$35 to $50. TAGUCHI, 935 Sacramento st.
KIRST-CLASS Japanese cook wants a place;
city or country. 019 Webater st.. Oakland.
JAPANESE wants situation as schoolboy or
half-day work. N. K.. 2» Lewis place.
A BRANCVI office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1006
Valencia st.
~ r *' LATS To ; LETt
A — HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense list;
service absolutely free: take advantage of
this department: It will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., 245-239 Geary
st.. on the square.
ALL of the most desirable flats and houses are
listed in our renting department; let us give
you a list and help you find one In the loca-
tion you want. STERLING Ft'RNITURB
cpMPANY. 1039 Market st.; services abso-
lutely free.
SIXTEENTH. 2S21 — Modern Improved upper
flat to let; 3 rooms and bath; unfurnished.
ELLIS S24 and 820— 3 and 5 room flats; Jast
finished: $35 and S45. ;
FLATS TO LET FHRX1SHED.
CAPP. 614 — Flat of five sunny completely fur-
nished rooms, piano, gas and coal range.
Call between 10 and. 5. . .
DIAMOND, S10 — Flat of 3 furnished rooms;
hot and cold water; $16. .'
FLATS FOR SALE— FURNISHED.
JONES, 90C — Departure; furnished flat of 7
rooms and bath: a good investment.
FLATS WANTED- -FURNISHED.
FURNISHED flat wanted by a 6mall family;
a completely furnished, cozy, sunny, modern
flat of six or seven rooms and bath In best
locality. Box 2S1S. Call office.
FIX AX CIAlT :
COMPANIES Incorporated, financed and stock
floated. ' W. H. BITTNER, Lawyer and Fi-
nancial Axent. : 322 Emma Spreckels bldg. .
fACIAT, MASSAGE.
A — WRINKLES removed; fine complexion guar-
anteed, new method; 50c. M. LUTON. mani-
curing parlors. 764 Larkln St.; phone Polk 17.
: FURMTURE WANTED.
HIGHEST price for furniture and ir-dse. L. H.
BURD. auctioneer. 1818 Mkt. ;teL Howard 275ft.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission, phone Red 44»a.
buys, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpets.
HELP. WASTED— FEMALE^
A LADY'S maid for one lady, . |30; - a lady's
maid to travel. $30; a cook for small hospi-
tal. $30; a nurse for 2 children for OaklaiiJ.
$25; a cook and second girl for small' family,
country. $30 and $25; a second frlrl who can
sew. $30. . MISS PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter St.,
near Powell. ' • ¦
WANTED— Housework , for 2, East Oakland.
$25 found; 'light housework, city, $15 found;
housework for 4 adults, city, $25 found; din-
ing-room work. Institution, city, $20 found;
housework ¦ for .1- in Frultvale. $15 found;
salesladies, fancy store. Oakland. $6 a week.
At.3,F. EMP. BUREAU.. Grant 26.
A NURSE, one child.' $25; waitress; country
hotel $25; 2 cooks. $35 and $40; eecond girl,
2 in family. $25; chambermaid.- $25: house-
girl. $35. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutttr st.
A— WANTED— Girls to learn halrdreasing.
manicuring, etc. ; trade taught from A to Z
. In 2 weeks; $5 to those entering now; 3 po-
sitions to fill immediately; positions guaran-
teed at. $10 per week up; leading school in
West. 233 Geary, St.. room 13.
A— Girls to learn millinery now. for spring sea-
son ; both seasons taught from start to finish
in 1 months for $10; positions as trimmers,
salesladies, etc., guaranteed at $10 per wk. up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton St.. r. 13.
A— LADIES to learn all branches halrdresslng
trade; manicuring. ¦ massage, etc. 1236 Mar-
ket st.' cor. Jones, room 04; positions secured
at highest wages: day and eve, class; call.
WOMAN wanted as assistant in kitchen at the
Hebrew , Orphanage. • BOO Devisadero st. Ap-
ply between 10 and 12.
FINISHERS and quick sewers on cloaks, and
skirt operators at M. SIMINOFF. 1223 Mar-
: k»-t 6t . \ ¦¦ ' ' ¦ ¦¦ : l_ 1
WANTED — '-•'¦ Experienced salesladies . at
grnAGBS & FROHMAM'S, 107 Post st.
SEAMSTRESSES wanted at GOLDSTEIN &
CO.'S; 733 Market at. -¦
WANTED— A girl for light second work. Call
2203 Franklin st.
Fl RHT-CLASS finishers on vests.' 230 JJ Ninth
. - St.. opi-.o»lte Clementina. ¦' - '¦'' -
GIRL wanted to ' do • housework' and cooking.
Apply 1205^ Polk st. , ,
LITTLE WANTS OFTEN TELL OF GREAT NEEDS
1 SS^^^^^^^^^p^teB^^^i N You fil1 y° ur P° ckets and a!1 your wants by ad ver- |
¦'^^piilili ' ; mill lil PBifflTBBi vv ci 11 1 /\U'YvrLSe^wrs i
1 1 1 Hvl lill/illvtVl I
S f* fe&^PB'M^Mi V.r C aI1 Business Office, Third and i
1 \ I^^^^^^B^P ; **BBS' Market streets; -1008 Market street, |
if f Si H18 Broadway, Oakland, and get 1
1 i" ! i^Sl^^^^6^!^ft^^^^^^ one °f these useful premiums abso- a
if! 1 - '-^\^\^^l l $^ i '^ l %m and closes Saturday night at 10 |j
B :^^^^^^^^^P^^^^^^^^^^I^ '" these columns you can seil your wares and pain 0Company iccrporatlon) tr> Anthony McMillan.
lotion SW carn'-T of Twenty-second and Kirk
ham *tr«ts, W339:« by S ICO. block €23.
Boarcfman's map, Oakland; also lot oa S_ cor
ner of Twenty-second and Klrkhanx streets. E
23-*» by S 100, portion cf block <G4, tain* map.
Oakland: a!-»© let on SW corner ef Twenty
second and Union wtr-ets. S 100 by W 23«>. pcr
tlnn of btock «23. si-*-.e map. Oakland: also lot
on SE corner of Twenty-second aad Union
stre»u. S 133 by E 4-5:«. Mock 622, same map.
Oakland, quitclaim deed: $10.
Harvey C. and Elixa W. Somer« to Jcha.1
H. FaUter. lot on N line of Twenty-flm «tr«et.
137:4 W of Curtis. W 37:6 by N 10O. portion
of lots 12 and 13. h!ock I, Curtis and Williams
Tract. Oakland; $1».
Anna McNeil! tatngle) to Hiram L. "Wood
burn, let on 3 line of Parter street. 127 :» W
of Dana. W 50 by 3 IM'A lot 7. block C.
Leonard Tract, Berk*!?y; $1O.
Lyman aai Sarah J. Allen (wife) to Wil
liam Clark, lot bef-inning at p-rtnt on E l!n« of
lot 19. blocSt A. Janes* Tract. 73 >• from N lin«
of DeUware. X «L\ W 37.75, 3 CO: 2. E to be
ginning. Berkeley: $10.
L. H. and Lizzie SI7 <wife> to Oscar G.
Heaton. lot 9, block E, Latham Tsrric*.
Bnok'.yn Township; $10.
Henry 7. and Sarah M. Jon#» to Gearfe F.
Marx, lot-* ltSO to 162 and 171 to 173. ma>
Jessie Jones Tract, Brooklyn TOwnshtp; $10.
Carrie B. Jump «wif« of R. L. > to Comley
H. Randall, lot on E line of Fruitv_# avacrae.
DM S of Pleasant ¦tre-»t. S CO by _ 123. lot
17, block I>. corrected map of suh-Zlvtsioet of
block* V ani E. Chamr>loa Tract, Brooklyn
Township; $10.
Elsie A. end J. E. M; Kl rath to Joseph and
Santtni Mondisi. lot en N line of Fbrty-sev-rath
-•tr-eet. l»* E cf West. E 30 by N 110. lot 7.
btcck 2117, AMen Tract at Temescal. Oakland;
$10. — v
Calvin A. Shaw to Clarence Gran**, lota 3«.
»GH. b »i of lot 93*i and W H of lot 9^
amended map of subdivisions cf MssaTood
Tract. Oakland: $10.
Jasies Galavin (widow*-*) to Eliza E. Spencer
i-i:J.iR). lot b«s!T*n:ng at a point on center tin*
cf Cypress street distant 1&> N of Its intersec
tion with N lln** of Sights, E ISO by N =«.».
OaklacJ; grant. '
The Healty Srndieafe to May I. Johnson. lot
17. block I>. Central PiedTnoa: Tract. CakUr.i
Tow«sb!r: $10.
Masgl« and James T. Lurdreyan to Lc v.*i
De'.abrlanrtals. 4O feet en N line of Francisco
vtrret. >;ns lots 5 end 6, Mcclc D, Roosey
Tract. B*rk>y; ?t^>.
Calvtn -a. Shaw <s1ng!e> to CJar?nc« Cranj:*,
lot on N i;n» «< Eaa*x »tre#t. 27S W of Shat
turk avenue. W 113 by S 1(K>. lot 14 and por
tion of lots 15 and 13, b:octc K. map of por
tion of Xewbury Tract in plat 51. Peralta
Rancbo. Berkeley: $10.
Ida R. and A- L. WhltlBK to AlVrt S. and
Delphina Veir». lot on S Un« of Mountain \T«w
avanue. E of Hillside. ElOOhr 9 2C0. lota
f,"j and >.<i, block "¦*. rr:ap of rnaubdlTlalon oi
blocic C4, Warner Tract, Brooklyn Townsai?;
I>»roy Harper to fribun« Publishing Com
pany, let 236. , Rc*e Tract. Brooklyn Towa
shlp: *.'.
Rosa and Anton Albrra (husband) to J. n.
Hagins. tot on E line of Prospect street. ICO 3
of Chicago avenue. S J» by r 113. lots 11 and
!."». block H. 9utdivt«ionr or block It of reT!se4
map of Prospect Hill Tract. Brooklyn Town
ship: »10.
TVUliam Keesan to Ellen Kecnn (wif» of
W!Iltam>. let on X line of Saa Antonio aveiut*.
S.10 W of Oak street. W 50 by N 130. lot 2. la
T. ' i of block I. landa adjacent to Pnrin^^ aU
tneria: Kilt.
Contra Costa Laundry Company to Metro
politan Laundry Company, lot on JCW corner
of West Thirteenth and Klrkham atreet*. N
230. W 429:*, S 110. W 138. S 73. E 1331. 3 to
N line of West Thirteenth street. E 429:0 t-»
beginning, portion of block-* 579 and 57!>.
Boardman's Map, Oakland; $10.
John K. Dean to Jessi* R. Dean (wife). lot
on S line of Knos avenue. 71LS33 W of T«l#
emph avenae. 9 1*0.43. W 40. N 173.73. B
4t?.«.«. being W 30 feet cf lot 20 and E 10 faet
of lot 21, Kcox Park. Oakland: gift.
Frank M. Davis to Eleanor J. Davis (wtf»>.
lot on P line of T-hirtr-fouith street. 31S:» K
ef Market. E T2:« by S 100. block K. property
of Central Land 1 Company. Oakland: gift.
Momi Sam<-|->I to John Smith, lots * and T.
block G. Sanford Tract. Brooklyn To-wnship;
$10.
Josephine F. B-niraiere fby WUlIam H. Ram
den, attorney) to C. K. Orra. lot on SE cornsr
of Putnam ' street and LJese avenue. E 123 br
£> S3. lots 1 and 2. block 16. ma; of subdivision
of blocks 17 and 24. ete.. Sath-r Tract. Frult
vale. Brooklyn Township; $10.
Same to Georc-? D. Ilutch'.sen, lot on S com-*?
of Washington street and Pomona. avenr»e. 3B
123 by SW 79. portion of lot 1. block 10. do
of subdivision of NE portion of Sather Tract.
Frultvale. Brooklyn Township: $10.
George D. and Ella. Hutchison <wtfe> to Adal
bert T. Hay. same. Brooklyn .Township; $10.
Hugo D. Newhooae (single) to Mrs. Sasi«
McKay, lot oa SW comer o-f Sewar-1 or Tenth
and Campbell streets. W 01 by S 23.30. block
7CO Boordman'-i map. Oakland: $10.
Frar.k A. and Elizabeth Madison t» Thotna-t
M. Drake- lot oa E Use of Center •tr«et. 4f»
S of West Ninth. S 2« by E 81:3. nortton lot
13 block 632. map Eighth Street Tract. Oak
land- $tOt
Irvlwr M. Hull (single) to John .W. Creigh
ton. lot commencing at lnt*r»e-ctio'n of E lit**
of Mi nila stre«*t with S bonndarr ot - N«*-r«
bory Tract. S 3S.25, E 112. N 4«.«2. W 112.57.
lot 19, Mock 3. plat of blocks X «ad 4. Berk-itey
Park, portion plat 51. etc.. OakUcl; 111
REAL, ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Ada Cousins to Ann E. Couains, un<?ivld#<J
h interest In lot en V,' rcrn»r of I street an4
Flrjt avenue, 5-W 200 by NW 150. Butch-r
Reservaticn: $10. ..".;..;
Enr.ar.uei Lewis Investment Company to An
drew P. Anderson, lot on NB line of Brazil
avenue. 75 NW of London street. NW 25 by
NE ICO lot 5, block 2, Excelsior Hom«t»a-1
Tract; JIO.
City and Co'inty of San Fr»n<-ise»> t« Carrie
L. Morton, lot on W* line of Bartl»tt street, e5
N of Navy cr Twenty-sixth, N 63 by W 117:6;
WiUiam K**gan to Ellen K-egan. lot on S
line of Haye3 street, 110 W of Buchanan, \V
27:6 by 8 120; $1".
City anrt County cf San Brancisco to Lewis
Locke, let on N line of ValU-jo street, -»):«
W of Baker. W 45 by N 100; * .
Augusta Jorss to Edward C. Jorss, let en
E lin^ of Shotwrtl street. 115 3 of Nineteenth,
S 20 by E. 100: J10.
Sarah B. Melone to Edward F. and Georg*
M. Eiistmaa, lot en N line of Sixteenth street,
75 E of Char-Th. K 25 by N ©:«S |1«.
Hibernia Safins* and I^oan Society to Jacob
Weiswbein. lot en NUne of Twenty-Brut street.
20O E of Castro. E 25 by N 114; JS9O.
G. T. and Annie Knorrf to Alexander Ma-re*.
lot 011 NVV ccmer of Twenty-first and Tork
street*?. W 25 by N KJ; $10.
James Taylor to Hermann Koehn, lot en E
line of Shotwell street, 112 N of Twenty-fourth.
N 22:3 by E 122:6: $10. *
Francesco and Lulgia Paganini tn Laigi Fer
rari lot en E line of tHtrx-n-.t rrr-et. 111:9 X
of Union. N 26. E IC7:<5. S 50, W 54:«. *N 24.
W 53: ?10.
Luigi and Natallna Ferrari to Francesco
Paganini. NE comer cf 50-vara lot 414. S 30
by W SO; $10.
Edward J. Le- Breton to Jean G. M. Mar^Has
and Jean B. ard Ann-! E. Eyraud. undivided
*ri of let on N line of Clay street, «5 W of
Lnij.r.nt. W 20 by N 70; also lot on SW comer
of Thirty-first avenue and H street, W 25 by
S 100 block K2. Bay Park; $3CO.
Wallace C. and Clara II. Wise to Arthur II.
Bar-Midt (e-wector of eatate of Robert West
fleld) lot on E line of Prospect street. &J:« S
of Cl'ar. S 27:9 by E 56: *10.
City and County of San Francisco to George
F ciievaller. lot en W line of PowjII street.
$2 N of Facifie, M :» by W 45:tO; 9 .
C. W. CatlaSan to Charles Bone, undivided,
sfxth of lot on NE corner of Jonea and Geary
streets. E 24 by N SO; $2000. .
Daniel Buckley to Rosa Constant, lot on S
line of Union street. 22 :« E of Larkin. E 23
by S 67:0, quitclaim deed: St.
W. B. and Mary M. Bradbury to Market
str-»et Company (coraoratton). 15. 17 and 19
Fourth »tr<»et. quitclaim deed; S10.
Lilly. Frank A. and Anny O. Rled«I to Mark
E I^wis. lot on SE line of Stevenson str-?et,
253 NK cT Fourth, NE 20 by SE 70, quitcialm
deed: $5. . .
Walter PJ*d»l to same, same, quitclaim
de»d; $10.
Mlcha»l ard Joseph Haas to Isabel!- F.
Schcttler <-»-if« cf H.I. lot en SE line of Silver
street, 125 SW of Third, SW 23 by SE SO;
$10.
Michael H. Haas to jam?, lot on SB line of
Silver street. 10O SW of Third. SW 25 by SE
SO: $l«X
William K*«*san to Ellen K«?gxin fwlf.*). lot
en SE line of Minna sti*eet. 250 SW of Fourth,
also 2CO f=E cf Mission. SW 25 by SE 73; Rift.
Emma Huber to Catherine F. Hill, lot on N
line of Lak-r street. S2:8 E of Ninth aven-u',
E HO by N 72; $10.
Fanny IF. and William E. Beck to Eva L.
Kefivr (wife of 'John M.). undivided half of
lot on SW corner of Fourteenth avenue and A
street, P 120 by W t 51: $10.
, City and County ot San Francisco to Minnie
E. Tuck-r, Etta B. McNear. Male T. Mac
donald and C. O. G.' MlUer, lot on W Iln» of
Th!rty-s«-vi»r.th avenae. l<J0t8 S of A street,
SW 4C>':0. S 67:6, E 50:L XE 320:10, N 142:7:
also lot on E line of Thirty-ninth avenue. 75 S
of Potnt Lobos avenue. S 134:5. SH £4:3. XE
54. NW 1»3:6: also lot en S line of C street.
«>:1 W cf Forty-first avenue. W S4:l, SW
3SS:S. 3 2i*». E 20:11. NE 61S:«; a_o lot coai
mer.cinp 101 :5> W.of Fortieth avenue and 49:2
N of Point Lobes avenue, NE Its :3. NW
100:2. SW 250:7, SE 90: also lot oa SW corner
of Thirty-ninth and Point Lcbca avenues. W
55, SE 82:0, N 74:«; also lot on NW corner of
Fortieth- avenue and A - street. W S»:5, NE
322:4, E 14:1. S 3C8:2; $ — — .
Same to Minnie Jl Tucker, Etta. B. XcNear
and - Male T. McDonald ? »» each) and Marion
and Leslie E. Miller (ii). lot en SE corner of
B street and Forty-first avenne, S 122:10 \E
12«:S. W ZO-.H: $ .
Sophie Steinberger to W^UlIajrn P. and EIi-_
beth I. Foatsr. lot on SW corner of Eighth
avenue and C street. W 26 :S by S I0O; $2.
William C. and Helen W. Pond to Quon Jee.
lot on E line of Banlu street, 2C0 S of Po-tchat
tan. S 50 by E 70. lots 574 and 37C, Gift Uia
l; $10.
John F. and Ida J. Sail to Bertha Kroon.
lot 67. Sorin* Valley Homestead Association;
$10.
Emanu-rt Lewis Investment Company to
Georg* Patrick. lot on NE line of Brazil ave
cte, 23 N"SV of London street. NW 25 by NE
1C0. lot 5. block *_'. Excelsior Homestead: $10.
Jacob; Harriet B., Jo*«-*>h and Bertha — G.
¦Wftissbeln to Adalbert W. Green, lot 3. black
2 Holly Park; $10. . .- ¦'.'
*E. P. and Maud L. Mitchell to Ed Riebe. lot
on IC line of Beacon street, 56 E of Carlos. E
30:2.. NW 152:3. W 30. SW-149:!. lot 1ST. Mls
sicn and Thirtieth Streets Homestead; $200.
Builders' Contracts.
xWJliam F. Foiey (owner) with C. N. Han
cock (contractor), -urchitect • M. J. Welsh, all
work for two two-story frame buildings (store
and flats) on the NW corner of Folsom and
Eighteenth streets, N 25 by W 100; total.
17325. BpSI
Alameda County.
W»rreo A. and Carrie E. Rouse to James
F. and Agnes M. Kelly, lot on N line of Ninth
strett. "5 E of Clay, E. 25 by N ICO. lot 2S,
block 117. Kellersberger's max>. Oakland; $IO>.
V. R. Raymond to Anna M. Raymond (wife),
lot on N line of Ninth street. 10O ft ot Alice.
IV S5 by N 100. lots i4 and 23. block 122. and
utrip adjoining said lot. 25 on and extending
alcnr W line thereof 5^ by * 100. satn« map.
Oakland; sift.
Pacific Cca.«t Dredging and Reclamation
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call.
214S Center Street. Dec. 3.
Two young men. George Barrow,
•on of ex-Superior Judge H. C. Bar
row of 2303 Telegraph avenue, and
Louis Long:, an ex-convict and son of
Mrs. Lillian Long of 2307 Telegraph
avenue, were arrested on charges of
burglary at Berkeley station this
morning by Marshal Kerns. The spe
cific charges against the accused is
that of breaking into the Tesla Coal
Company's barn and stealisg aome
sacks, though they are suspected of
being the fellows who have been crm
mitting many burglaries around town
of late.
Marshal Kerns has been watching
the men since Handle's jewelry store
was robbed, about four months ago.
as they are suspected of having been
implicated in that affair. The methods
used in the subsequent burglaries wer«
similar to those employed in th«
jewelry store raid, and through cer
tain circumstances Long and Barrow
were connected with them. Marshal
Kerns was unable, however, to secure
any direct evidence. : /
The cue to the train of events that
led to the capture cf the men was con
veyed to Marshal Kerns by a con
versation he overheard. This was in
regard to some 200 sacks that were
stolen from the Tesla Company's barn
at University avenue and Stanford
place. By means of the clew he was
able to find where the sacks had been
disposed of to a. junk dealer, and from,
the junk dealer he was able- to learn
the identity of the men who sold the
sacks.
With this Information In hand and
sure of his men Marshal Kerns arrest
ed Long and Barrow this morning at
Berkeley station, their usual haunt.
They were taken before Justice Ed
gar, who fixed their ball at $1000 cash
each, and set the preliminary exami
nation for next Tuesday. In lieu of
the bail the prisoners wer« taken to
the County Jail.
Barrow comra of a. good family. His
father was formerly Superior Judg*
in Oregon, and Dr. Jennie Barrow, his
stepmother. Is a trell-known physician
in Berkeley. Neither parent nor step
parent Is inclined to assist youn;
Barrow in his trouble, declaring that
they have repeatedly warned him
against keeping company with evil as
sociates, so that he la not entitled to
their support.
Youth of a Good Family and
an ex-Convict Get Into
Toils.
Marshal Kerns* Ears
Help Him Discover
Young Burglars.
CARELESS WORDS
LEAD TO ARREST
THE SAN FRANCISCO . CALL, . FRIDAY. DECEMBER 4, 190.3.
13
-STORAGE AjKp^ WAREHOUSES.
A^EMPORIUII Storage & Van Ce.: fur—tureT
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard St.. nr. Third; phone Grant 161.
PIEKCE-RODOLPH Storage _ Moving Co., of-
flc* Post and Powell sts.; teL Prlve. Ex . B71.
CONKLIN'S Storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. S33 Golden Gate ave. ; phone East 126.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made; 840
Mission »t-: tel. Howard 9il. F.W. Zenfusa.
. PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore st. ; phone Jackson 28L
BEKLXS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
et.; tel. Main 1840. Shipping at cut rates.
~ SPECIAL NOTICES..
LEFT^at 85 Broadway with L. Marsilt & Co..
on October 2S, on* bay pony and small bug-
gy; will be sent to country }f not called -for
Immediately. — .-MARSILI. ..¦.¦,.
¦ ~~ ~ SPECIALISTS. v / •
j CATARRlTlDEArNEsTTnTNOISES la EARS
L positively cured; new method; 1 week's treaU
I meet free. Dr. Ccttingham. 204 Sutter wt.
STUTTERING AXD STAMMERntO.
MELBOURNE School. Van Ness-Market— Curw
in every case: individual teaching: no m»>i!-
clne. Inquire Into wonderful cures :horee cure.
1 — "*— "— — — — — ————____^^ ,^^
TYPEWRITERS A\D^SUPPLIES.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. ~NoT
1 Smith Premier. $»5: other typewriters at
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 50. The.
Typewriter Exchange. 538 California .st. ..... :
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each: get par-
ticulars. L. & M. ALEXANDER, 110 Mont-
gomery at. : ¦"
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Inspec. Co.. SOS Market.
PROPOSALS.
Yv: NOTICE TO CONTRACTORS.
OFFICE OF THE BOARD OF STATE HAP.-
bor Oommlsslciiers, Union Depot and Ferry
House. San Francisco, California, Novem-
ber 16. 1903.
Sealed proposals or bids will be rec«ived at
this tfneo at cr prior to 2:15 o'clock p. m.
on Wednesday. December 23, 1003. for ths
construction of a section of seawall end
wharf along tame to be located between
King and Channel streets on the- ¦ water
front of the City and County of San Fran- 1
Cisco, In accordance with the. clans and
specifications prepared therefor by the Cbiet
Engineer of the Board and adopted by tbs
Board August 27. lititt, and on file in this
office, to which special reference is hereby
made. The wcrk to be done under thesa
(pacifications consists in furnlshinz all re a-
t«rlal» and labor for constructing and erect-
Ing a stone seawall with end embankments
and a wharf. It Is estimated that the sea-
wall and end embankments will ¦ contain
about 80,000 tons of stone: the wharf will
ccntain 36.030 square feet of wharf sur-
face. This section of tha seawall will ex-
tend from the Intersection of the northerly
Mne of Channel street (prolonged easterly)
with the water front line, six hundred (COO)
feet northerly along said water front line.
The materials to b» used for the construc-
tion of the seawall and end embankments
will consist of stone not subject to decom-
position nor disintegration by the action of j
sea water or air.
Two classes of stone will be recognised.
The first claes will include stone of ona or
more, cubic feet in fair assortment of size*
between ona and four cubic feet; no objec-
tion will be made to etone larger than fou-
cublc feet; this cla«a of stone must be fre*
of teams and marked lines of cleavage
The second clas3 will Include stone of less
than one cubic foot, in assorted slses. but
so stone less- than five pounds will b« »~-
cepted at the quarry.
The materials for the construction cf th»
wharf will consist cf the requisite quanti-
ties, of first class, close grained, Douglas
yellow fir piles and yellov* fir lumber (mer-
chantable quality), wire rope, wrought i-on
' bolts, spikes, etc., all of the best analltv
and subject to a rigid examination; '
No bid will be received unless it Is mada
en a blank form furnished frcra this offl-» i
and la accompanied by a *«rtifi«d check for
five per cest of the aggregate amount of
the bid, payable to the order of the Secre-
tary cf the Board, as a guarantee en the
part cf the successful bidder that he will
within «lx (6) days aftar the accept«_ c » a'
the bid enter into a written contract to do
said work, according to the plans and sd«c-
iflcations prepared therefor, and will also
execute and file with this Board a bond la
such sum as the Board tr.ay deem adeuuau
with a surety company, to be approved by
the Beard of State Harbor Commissioner/
and conditioned for the faithful performi _ ci
of such contract : ncr will saM bid - be con-
sidered by this Board unless delivered to _•
secretary or to the assistant secretary s.t
tba efflce of the secretary, at or prior to
2:15 o'clock p. m. on Wednesday, Decem-
ber 23. 1903. at which time and place ta«
bids will be cDened.
The Board reserves the right to reject any cr
all bfds if deemed for the best interea- of
the. Etate. H • - -- - • • ¦
Bidders ar« Invited to be present at th* open-
ire of the b!4i. .
CHAS. H. 5PEAR.
JOHN C. KIRKPATRICK.
J. D. MACKENZIE. - .
Hoard cf State Harbor Commissioners.
LOTT D. NORTON'. Chief Engineer.
JOHN M. FOT, Secretary.
UNIVERSITY OF ' CALIFORNIA. Berkeley.
Notice to contractors, builders and material
men — Notice is hereby given to all concerned
that sealed proposals or bids are solicited for
performing the labor and furnishing the ma-
terials necessary fcr the excavations and
foundations of California Hall, en th«»
grounds of the University cf California at
Berkeley, Alameda County, California and
: caid bids or proposal* win be received at the
1 office of^the Board of Regents, South Hali
Berkeley, at or before 12 o'clock m. of the
11th day of December. 1903. And nctic* is
hereby further given that the p!ans and epecl-
ficatlons of said excavations and foundations
have been made and adepted and are placed
In above named office, where the same may
be seen and examined during each day frenr
9 o'clock a. m. until 4 o'clock p. m. from
thN date until said 11th day of December
19G3. No bids or prcpc.«als will be considered
unless the came are accompanied by a certi-
fied check or a bond of said proposer equal to
ten (10) per c*nt of his prorosal. with suf-
ficient rureties. conditioned that, if said bid
cr proposal shall be accepted, the party pro-
posing will duly enter into a proper contract
to faithfully perform rhe duty and obllga-
tiona In accordance with *>ald proposal and
plans and specifications, which shall be and
are hereby required to be a part of such
contract. The right to reject any and all
bids is hereby reserved. This notice I*
given pursuant to an act entitled: "An act
to amend an act entitled "An act to create <
and organize the UnWerslty of California.'
approved March 25. l?6S. and tn act amend-
atory of rection 25 thereof, approved March
2S, 1S72, relating to the construction of build-
ings." approved March 3. ISS7. By order of
the Committee en Grounds and Buildings of
the Board of Resents.
W. A. McKOWEN, Secretary.
P*ROPOSALS— Bids wasted. Notice U hereby
giver, that sealed proposals win fc e received
by the board of directors o» the Veterans'
Home of California, at its office, room 13. Z"0
Sansome St.. San Francisco. Cal. up to 11
o'clock a. m.. SATURDAY. DECEMBER 3
100.'.. and opened Immediately thereafter In tba
. presence of bidder?, for furnishing and £«Hv. j
ering quartermaster and commissary "supplies
etc.. for the Veterans' Home. Napa County"
. California (railroad station Tountvltle),for six
months, commencicg Jan. 1, 1904, and endlni
June 30. 1904. Schedules with information
and instructions for submitting bids wlh b»
furnished upon application by the under-
signed. Bidders will carefully fotiow the con-
ditions of the schedule-, and no b!d will ba
considered unless It 13 in accordance with
such schedules. Bids on tea. cofl»e and augar
must be made on samples submitted. No bid*
will be received from parties who are ncc
regular dealers In. and .carrying stock of sup-
plies on which they bid. Each bidder mmt
accompany his bid with a certified check
upon some wel?-known and responsible bank-
ing-hous? for at least 10 cep cent of th»
amount of his b!d. payable to C. Mason
Klnce. treasurer, conditioned that the biJde- I
will enter Into a scod and valid contract
upon notice of acceptacte. aa required by law.
The beard reserves the right to reject any or
ail bid-*, and to 'order any quantity over or
under the amount soeciaed. Address JOHV
F. SHEEHAN. Secretary of the Board of Di-
rectors of the Veterans' Home cf California.
room 13. 320 Sacsome street. San Francisco.
Cal.
By order of the Board of Directors.
JOHN F. SHEgHAN, Secretary. <
PROPOSALS for manufacture of clothing.
36 New Montgomery St., San rranctsco. Cal..
Nov. 23. 10C3.— Sealed proposals fa triplicate
will be received here until IO a, m., Decem-
ber 7. and then opened for the manufacture
.of olive- drab overcoats, service coats,
breeches and fianneL shirts, as per U. S.
standard and specifications. All cloth, serge.
¦ flannel and lastins to ¦ be furnished by the
U g. The contractor ¦ to furnish all , other
materials and trimmings, including buttons.
A'l patterns, cuttings and remnants to re-
main the property of the United States. The
United States reserves the right to accept cr
reject any or all proposals, or any part there-
of. • Inform ation and Wank proposals fur-
nished on application. Envelopes containing
proposal should be indorsed. "Proposals for
Clothing Na 0097." and addressed to MAJOK
C. A. DEVOL. Q. M.. U. S. A., Depot Quar-
termatter. ' ¦ ;
OFFICE DEPOT QUARTERMASTER, 33
New Montgomery street, San Francisco, Cal.,
November 23. 1003.. Sealed proposals In
triplicate will be received here until ; 10
- o'clock a. m. f Pacific standard time), De-
cember 24. 1903, for ..furnishing; stationery,
olid, paints, pipe fittings, sheet rinc, packing
boxes, lumber, etc. ' Preference given to arti-
cles of dortiestlc production or manufacture^ —
details in schedule. ¦ The right is reserved to
reject or accept any or all proposals or any
part : thereof. Blank proposals and Informa-
tion furnished -: on , application. Envelopes
containing proposals should be Indorsed
"Proposals; for.. Quartermaster's Supplies.
No. 8642," and addressed to ¦¦*•.-..-
1 - ' . - MAJOR C. A. DEVOL;
Q. M. IT. S. A_ Dannt Ouirt»ritiiit«r.
REAL ESTATE— CITY~FOB. S ALP.
$5C0 FOR A HOUSE AND LOT
Only eight blocks from a
school house and street car line.
Will sell fcr cash or part cash and balance,
in monthly payments.
The house has 3 rooms, ntw and never been
used.
The lot Is 23x100 ft Itvel and on grade.
This is a bargain and I want to sell It: It
U In a jfoc-d locality and Is worth mort
money than I ask for it.
An opportunity for a laboring man to own
a kerne in tram. 3 to 4 years, and only pa7
en It as you are now paying rent; investl-srato
this. Address Owner, box 4574. Call office. .
MODERN cottages; finished complete with
every convenience; easy terms; larjre lots.
4 rooms— $2900. v .
6 rooms— $3250.
o rccms — J35C0.
6 rocms — $36C0.
7 rooms— $41CO.
8 rooms — $4GC0.
Located on First and Second aves. bet.
Geary and McAllister ut. cars end cne block
north of park. F.- NELSON, butlJer.
JUST FINISHED.
TWO BEAUTIFUL
B-ROOM COTTAGES
IN THE MISSION.
( EASY PAYMENTS.
OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 POST ST.
BUILD en your unimproved realty; we loan
full cost improv. and part lot at 6 per cent.
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker building.
LOTS N or S side of Golden Gate Park, pur-
chagfd by W. J. GUNN. 630 California st.
PLUMBING, gasfntin-r and general Jobbing.
AMbach & Mar*r. plumbers. S36 Howard st.
REAL ESTATE — Conntry — For Sale.
FOR sale — 18-aer* fruit farm; "rood Improve-
ments, good location: connected with San
Francisco by rail and electric cars. Call or
address 71S Nineteenth St.. Oakland, Cal.
$10 A MONTH buys a 10-acre farm. •,. .. i
. $200 -profit per annum per acre.
Writ* for booklet. It's free. 603 J st.
WRIGHT & KIMBROUGH, Sacramento. Cal.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
rlneyard--; izipected bargains: monthly cata-
logues s«nt free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 643
Market st.
roixT niFHMoyp real estate.
WATER front lots and bargains: all tracts;
maps, photos, etc. BEXX. 417 Parrott bldg.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHA.VCB.
A FINE $15,000 improved ranch in the Napa.
Valley to exchange for San Francisco or Oak-
land property. P. C. LASSEN & CO.. 4C8
Tenth St., Oakland, Cal.
OAKLAND property to exchange for stock
ranch. P. C, LASSEN _ CO., 46<i Tenta
et.. Oakland, Cal. '
OAKLAND property to exchange for ranches
r.ot too far cut. P. C. LASSEN _ CO.. 4««
Tenth st.. Oakland. Cal. ?
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BE0ADWAY.
OAKLAND ROOMS TO LET.
TENDOME AND GRAND HOTELS.
»C5H Washington and 510 Ninth sts.. Oak-
land: furnished rooms en suite or single, wit a
cr without beard: facial rates to famill—.
O^jCL^p^FUnNITCRE FOR SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In furni-
ture. H. Echellhaas. 11th st..cor.stora.Oaklnd.
ROOMS FOB HOPSE— EEPnC.
J AT Knickerbocker Apartments, 1340 Pine st.,
near Hyde — Furnished 3-room suits; $30 up;
eteam heated, electric lighted; free bath.
FOUR con. rooms. 2 bed?, bath, toilet, gas
and coal stoves; all necessaries. 1933 Geary.
MODEL HOUSE, 12C6 Stockton st.— Newly
furnished roorr.--, $5-$12: bath, gas, phone.
THE ANTLER V, 415 Turk— Modern house-
kpg. apartments; 3, 4. 5 ras.; furn, unfurn.
APAHTMI5T HOUSES.
MONTCLAIR APARTMENTS.
Corner Pine ar.rl Taylor exs. ; beautiful new
modern apartments: all sunny corner suites;
furnished or unfurnished: none superior; ma-
rine view. LYON & HOAG. 116 Montgomery.
ROOMS TO LET — Furn. and Unfarn.
ASHWORTH. .¦ao~SJ8^n~sT7~b^T^e_ ; y~Ind
Pest — Suite and single rooms with or with-
out rrlvate bath; sun in rooms all day.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 14S Sixth St.— Rooms
25c to $1 per night. $1 2S to 15 per week and
light housekeeping rooms: open all night.
AT "The Almonte." S7.1 Market st. (or No. t
Fifth st.)— Uocmx. 2.V. 60c, $1. $1 50 night;
$1 50 to $10 week; hou5« open air night. •
BRYANT, 4.'.e— A furnished room to 'Jet.
BURNETT. 1126 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nlshed rooms, suite, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
fumishad sunny rooms* prices reasonable.
EDDY, 824 — Nfcely fur.; sunny rooms; suitable-
for 1 cr 2 gentlemen; $9 and $10.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 84T— Furnished rooms; j
; all conveniences; private; rent reasonable. \
! GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission— Rooms 50c
to $1 , r >0 night; $1 to $3 week; reading-room.
LAGUNA and McAllister. St. James flat— Sun-
ny single room.
NINTH. 119 (Glllesple)— Nicely furnished rooms
$1 50 to $2 50 per week; 50c to 75c per night.
POLK. S23 — Beat furnished room* In the city
for the money; single or en suite; everything
new an>l plenty of surshlne; terras very r«a-
FonaWe: only 10 minutes* walk to Powell
and Market sts.
POWELL, 317 — Sunny front suite for doctor or
dentist: also other furnished rocms.
SUTTER. 236 <The Crane) — Elegantly furn.
rconiF; new; downtown; en suite or single;
$10 up.
BUTTER. 3C1 (The Larchmont) — Ntw, mod-
¦ era. reasonable: no carfare.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy St.. nr. Market—
400 single and family rooms: 35c to $1 night;
$1 75 to $6 week; elevator; electric lights;
reading-room; free bus and baggage.
VAN NESS. 51!) — Handsome sunny furnished
yuit?s and sir.gie rooms; all conveniences.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St.. near Markot
Jfsst convenient and respectable; TOO rooms-
:^c to $1 50 night: $2 to $S week; elevator;
elec. light?; reading-room; fr<?« bus; bapgage.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call r.rar.ch efflce. cor. Duncan & Church sts.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subseriitions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fill— or*.
A BRANCH office of Tb« Call for the recep^ !
ticn of advertisements and subscriptions has
been orened at IOCS Market st. opposite
Fifth. On»n until 11 p. m.
ROOMS AMD BOARD.
BOT—L BALTIMOmf~"~~~~~~"'
VAN NESS AVE.. NEAR GEARY ST
AMERICAN PLAN.
PHONE PRIVATE EXCHANGE 706
SELECT FIRST-CLASS FAMILY HOTEL.
HOT A'ND COLD OCEAN WATER
SPECIAL RATES BY THE MONTH
MUNGER _ ZEBERG. PROPRIETORS.
CHANGE OF PROPRIETORS^
MANHATTAN HOTEL, 1704 Market st.— A
strictly .first-class family and tourist hotel of
unquestioned respectability,- American plan.
CALIFORNIA. 1240— Most select location la
mcJern. elegantly furnished private, home;
table unsurpassed ; marine view.
O'FARRELL. 303— Double and single rooms,
horns cooking, in private family; price rea-
sonable.
HOTEL MARTINET. Geary rt. and Van Nes»
ave., has cnanged ha mis: hereafter conducted
first-class family hotel; table board specialty.
STEVENSON mansion. 507 California st. — At-
tractive and sightly rooms; best table and
service: lowest rates.
EIGHTH. 402— Front sunny room In new flat.
with or without board; with board, $30 rao.
KOO.ll:>* AX» UUAItlJ : \VA.Vr_U.
MOTHER and daughter desire rooms in private
family in good location; references required
and given. Box 3704. Call office..
SANCHEZ, 372. b«t. 16th and 17th— Room for
2 gentlemen: double bed; good home cooking;
$1S oer month. ,
BOOMS •WA—7T_P— Ap»rtmeat3.
WANT apartment of 3-rooms and bath, fur-
nished, east of La rkfn and north of Golden
Gate ave; rent not over $30. Box 4581.
Call office. '-':¦¦¦
SEWIAGMACiraES A5TD SUPPLIES.
NEW HOME eewlng machine; this week only:
•ISs*.? 15 ' * 2 °: "llRhtly u«ed; needles 20c doa.
NE^V HOME S. M. CO, 1031 Market st.
DIVIDEXD ' KOTICES. . .
DIVIDEND NOTICE— The Giant PowdeT Co'm-
pany. Con. — A dividend." No. «0, of fifty (50)
• cents per chare on the _ tued capital stock of
the company has been declared, payable at
the office of the company, rooms 202, 204 and
2CS Hayward building. San Francisco, on De-
cember 10. 1903. Transfer books close Decem-
ber 3. 1003, at noon. C. C. OU1NN. . Sec'y.
nORSKS AAD JWAGO.VS. I
CITERIOR rc_ Ister. rear*. * ?«*«. »eal
brt<Jr, black prfnt?*. I'* ha— is. haniy, well
bnJcen: ran pell buggy inside 3:00 and show
ab->*.t 2*55 caJt Apply at once at La p ham's
•tafcie. b*ck of I>. S. O ROCIIKE, »1& - Fcl-
•o-b «t-. city, cr to Juxnlta Stable. 53S Sev-
enteenth «t-. Oakland. .
ON Mcrfiar "Deecnber 7. 1803. at 12 a., at
Ar!ma!«'"Hc_» 2514 F'Jiteenth iU will *••.!
— the" highest bi-J'ier for cash cpe bay horse, j
ba-5'r kn-e Fprung sr.J kn-jrkl ed. I
A— w ILL "^ srid at tuct'.jn: 40 caeep horses, j
a ;<-t of « lr M surrles. biijnrics. carts ao-1 )
tarts-ss?. T.*ue5daj. .Efcceisfcer 6, 11 a. m., at
1140 Fc'ltom tt. * ______
GOTD mbfcer-t:r« eren hack. _»o \1cterla. an4 '
¦pi*— trtre. OBIUENS. PoHt st. and Golden
<Ja-> ¦-!¦».
HARXKaS and — ci!es, the best for tt« money,
at JI:pVf:"N" FROS. CO.. Inc. th* *b1r store,
l!<r.-"!-7 MtrVet et.. ?«n FranclBco.
JtrST b* BOl-S * T »»crt2ce; S ccod horse*.
_£vr_n_2L__:
11 *;XPP.S?S *rr-*rrn. l!gtt campirr trrgca
and sre-cart frr sale cheap. £32 Mission St.
I_ r -»--t «!<s«rtr; ¦¦' 2-riand irageRs. bn-kb'd. sur-
rey._ u m i ii.su w._ ?»-— horse*. I5th-Va3encia j
A T,"EKKS r,*»i fcr 0 cents — The Weekly Call. !
\c ;x->r <-s. <r> -urn-rrer. for njaUtng. $1 per year, j
HOTSE5 TO LET.
.*— FRIXTED lift nf houses to !<: send for clr- i
< -u!ar. G. H. I'MBSEX 4t CQ.. 14 Mcatgoisery. j
- ¦ ¦ j
I
A— H<">t*S"5£ ar.fi fiats to let; aa I—men** list: i
*«!-• afc-Fol-^te'.y free; take •avastag'' nt
this <!-*c*irtn:e3t; it will iave you time an!
rr- ;Ke. Ccri— r*_r_tur« C©.. 245-229 Geary
•* . en the •;•***¦• ,
= ¦ *•
BEFX2RE 1— rvtng ret ocr printed list ot houses
tr» i»t. BALDWIN _ HOWE— _, 25 Post st.
A WEEK'S new* for S cecte — The Weekly Call.
16 pag— . in wrapper, for m alliag. $1 per y— J. ;
HOCSES \*'A3rTED.
FTA.BLE wanted, w'th or without "houss. A_-
or-res Ixx t-60. Cs.il ofttce.
"R> KTED to rent cr will "ease a two-rtory eov.
tag* _ Wegtem Adi:tlcn. Bex 2091. Call.
LOST A>I\ FOLXD.
1>G5?T — $25 r»xi.-ard fcr return of Cx4 Eastman
t ¦ <- - lo*t on Southern Paris-" 1 Stockton local
traia Pun4»}- *ft»rncon b*ti«-e*n Eixtecnth rt..
"•akiar.-i. mad O«ki«Bd mole; sazne ccc tains
?ltn* "•?•.i'-h »« valuatle to the owner. Wit-.
EON-LYON * CO.. 220 Market «t., San Fran-
cisco.
"LO5TN-A pass beck with the Hlbernia Eav.
It-it* and Loan BeeSefiT c? San Francisco in !
'?> r.«ai- of MART E. SPARKS. No. 2Vi-
I IPS. Th- f!n<!er -"-III r7»«-«e retam to bank.
LO*^T— A "-¦"-"-""¦"¦* ¦»-ttS» the HIborria Sa-rtn-rs :
¦a-1 Lcarv S^-i»ty «< P«n Francisco. Jn th« I
name of ALI'"E L. VON TOBEL; No. 275-554.
Tie f. nder -sill rl»«5e return to bank.
LOST— — In k fur tr.u'T between CT'.ff Hou*» a,nd
Bush ar-1 Hyfie stt. Liberal reward IS rt-
rT:rr,*4 to 4A3 E!lis *t_
LOST — On4d I'Kk-'t t«et. fem--Fniltv»4e: ooao.
«T»m V.". K. H.: liberal reward. HATCH.
SI Apj>r«t«er»* "tull^lng.
LOST— Thar— 1*7 w^m'.tyr. lady's iienena
r">r»»shoe pin. va!u*4 a* a, keersaJ te. Return
201 R Wthst<"- rt.; r*r»iY» liberal r»war-J.
LOST — Thursday a. in., ftrwn wagon, black
roat. "»1th par^rs and check; rewarf. Breu?s
«~afe 70 Third st.
I.O5T — Molds;- r.oon. coinei Post and Ment- !
«on-L»ry rts.. »hite ppltz <iog ar.swerinc to |
r«rn» Brbbr: l!r>erai reward. 1327 Sutter st. I
LADY'S foli wmtrh In cr cear Califc-mia rr.sr- j
ket. F:nd*r please return to IL F. LOR- ¦
QCIN. CJ3i K"»rry «t., rocm 14: reward.
LOST — Certificate *>f authoritj-; ct no value ex-
»-f-pt to ewn-r. Ile-«"ard for refarn cf taa* to
L. R- PARKER. Aadltrrtura HcteL
JZ-ST— Cab «5ocr. Return to Lfndauer's stables '
sci recelxe reward.
— — ~—~— —— ~— — .^ .^^ __^^ _^__^^^ ]
FOT'ND — Y'-trmr br-^xn water ¦"¦"">an>I: wkit«
**-*m. C*ll Kl Fag». San Frandfcn.
IT -r-.;! pay to "R<?-neTiiher" that the California
"P.'stc 4 - i'rns* «~o.. 22V Sutter rt., needs old
trZ4 and ti!v»r to make new watch cages.
MEDICAL.
MKS. DR. WYETH. fperi_!« fcr all fe_a!«
cn—yiair.ts: Jnsta.nt re'.ief sruaranteed: 30
y»arV exr-erien-"*; r«-moved to .82* Post st.
MKJ=. DR. KOHL, reliable pperlaUst fcr all ft- ,
t>..«> Troubi** and irregciaiitl**; tn--tant re- i
I'.ei gi:ar»nt««-d. 10OS Market et., opp. 3th. 1
D3. G. W. O DON'NELL— All who are sick or I
in trouble consult this epecia!ist on female !
compialrsts; positively corrected; the enfortu- j
r-ete beire-1; the nr»t difficult cases treated; I
-<«rtr* fr*». Orftce. 101S Market tt. j
"LTt. G<v-><Trin. 7"O Turk. nr. Van Ness — Expert i
13 cbnetrtcs. f»m*J< ««Ep_lnt* ; inst. relief; I
ti»a.ttr.*r.t $lv: hours. 10 to 5: 25 years exper. j
_RS. p. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable I— 5iea' j
spe<-— list; a r^vate home before and durine;
fnr.«"ifi5iret; best oedieal care; low fees.
DR. ROSEN res.de* 2035 Folscra et., corner j
-"'•r.: :i<i:e». relief or r.o fee; $10. j
PR. ar.-5 SIR-?. PA VIES and HINDOO HERBS; |
or:r;r»: treth-)d cf tn^ttrr.er.-^ 1126 Market st. j
DR. NO TOT KEE. .tia Pow»ll It* opposite I
Ctrtca iMjiiare: ail d;sea«es cured by berb«.
-- (
SI ILLI.VEUY.
LADIES — 2»V) sty_— hats to select frcrn; leas* !
¦Mdd: raust v«rate February 1. 1904: sax-e j
r-'-T-.yy -r->- r a ;i:ng «--n MME. DOgCTI. 2C7 Pogt. •
BIISCELLAXEOl'S FOR SALE.
EniLERS. ene-iT---*. 2i-hand machinery. McIN- !
TOSK ic WOLI'MAN. 1S5-187 Fremont st.
r<OEis roT.R noiF leak?
K'-pair it with »-laterite; in rolls easy to lay; }
ne*.<ls no paintirg or oatlng; good ever eld i
ir<_a. iln or -"hingles: best for new roofs '
f.LATrrRITE ROOnNO CO., 713 Market «. '
2D-HAXD machinery, boilers, engines, purcps. •
pulleys, shaftir^r. Hf., etc., bought, sold! ¦
Tf r.ied end exchacjred* see. Sunday papers.
II. t?. WHITE MCH'Y CO.. 130-122 Beaie st. j
A- Fir.» euitis. $7 50: <ir»w pant*. $2 50. Origi- !
i- a I MirCt Outhlnjf Pallors, 23* Kearny rt., j
ri'ir jJu*h; cpen ut 9 p. ra.. Sunday^To noon.
a— BUYS, sells cr rents pear machinery, ea-
CiTtrt. boiler*, -water pip*. »baft!ng, pulleys,
-ttc. tVHITELATT. 253-2S3 Spear itt. I
LArTI-ES* firc-p frame bicycle: also a Domestic ;
•*-«r:--yr machine with all at-tachrcects; both in ;
cacd c;T3!iitjor.. Dcx 2S23. Call. !
1 72xl« 'TORITONTAL tub_ar bcilers. front 1
and an fittings. TRACY CNGINEERINO
CO.. 151 Frejrcct st., San Francisco. - •* I
rrPEWPJTERS. slightly used, sold at cost: i
tJ*w L'naer»<xid "iTslbie typewriter catalog •
i"rt free. Tt. _. Revalk * Co.. Ean Frasclscu. J
ALTEF. \TiON- ?-•— Best $2 50 hats. $1 3».
Top-a!ar Price Katter, 330 Kearny st.. near
Pie; op»o to » p. rr. : Sundays t» r.ooc.
TRY our — -r • khces at $1 and $1 SO pair'
foot-term Sao** at $2 ZO; we pay express I
• -. - - 11 Z4 St.. Eus. bid.; catalog- free, j
yOTX n> — Irrrr^vM P!"iir-=r eeivtr.g rrachlne. i
78 t-rrestb st., rocm ti.
TT>R rxW—\ brown "trater -»par!i«I: cheap. 410*? j
T-»-emy-flrst st., near Eureka. - j
n__ rteain autcm cfcile; am -class ctder. 520 !
?-^n st. j
SPECIAL ad.— Our beautiful $3 cabinet photo-". {
folder j-tyie. $2. The Fad. 7206 Market st.
L'ESKS and safes; see the complete line at 1SK j
— ark^t. »b. Van N-— i HICHARDSON ERO3. j
Print!:"-* cfHce. 3 C.fcP. presae*. meter, cutter. I
tyge. ftxtaret; do;r^ good business. 23.S6. Call.
SAFES— Ntw »ni second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFZ CO.. 307 Battery St.
A V_KY fine diaiaond h»-art for $210 at TV J
HESTHAL'E. 10 Sixtl. st.
S. «". AND 10 fcp. gasol!n« eog;n*»; 2J-haad- all '
clx*s; new. E. P. BECK & CO.. 122 Market.
"N'""-R" «r:.l •*'t>n<l "-an/1 machirjery of all k'ads.
KROOH MNFG. CO.. £19 Market st.
_ OVING pictures, raig..- lir.terM, sale rental;
•l!-ir-ri;-it. Iiul_rd A Rreck. HI Post st.
_ILF"? cf pip-- a-yi fiuicrs; alt sizes. ElT-
OE::C RILKT * SONS. lOa Va!le)o et.
SAFHS— NV«- sr.rl srccnl hind! E. E. BECK
fe CO.. 122 Market tt.
Alt be.rg_ne;eamp stoola «.nd chairc: barsTcocks.
laetai bedr rr.^ttrerses. J.F.Hotter.712 Misstcn.
IZiitca phoncgrsphs. records. s_pplies. movlCK
rlctnre "machines, films. Badgalvpi. 933 Mkt. j
CAPOLTVE "-r^ineiF. autc_obiles and Ucccb**;
• U «1r»-. J. E. DOAK. 4« Fremont st. ¦
¦ 1
ASK fcr prices en second-hand typewriers: all !
make*. ALEXANDER - CO.. 110 Mor.try.
A WEEX'S newt for S cents — The Weekly Can.
'.r, p»?^. H -»ra-?t>er. for mailing. $1 per year.
.MISCELLANEOUS WA_VTS.
I HAVE cash cuxtcmer-s fcr salocn, central lo. j
tttion. $4< P M) to — «000; grocery with clean
stock. $15C->: lodging-house. 12 to 15 room*;
livery stab!*. **tuat*d for boarders. Apply
to A. IL ANDEKSON, auctioneer, room 26,
»««ad floor. Phelan buiMirc.
COOKS and libraries bought. H. C HOLMES.
1149 Market St.; phone Jessie 5741. or postal.
I PAT hfghe-rt prices for all kind* cf cast-off
ciothlsg; tend postal. MORRIS. 870 FoUom.
tTLTON wacts good secend-bi u_ clot hi— r and
theatrics J s«cd«. 1H tth rt.; trf. Jee»!« 2SSL
MONEY TO LOAN.
_A_— HEB_lA5r_UIipTlY! -~—
601-€C2-e03 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointment.
tare expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property in trout,
etc; legacies. life estate* ard undivided la-
tere-rts in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When Ycu Need Money
6*e HERMAN MCRPHT.
' ADVANCES on furcUfire and pianos without
removal; to pez-maneat salaried people, oa
their note without security cr knowledg* of
employer; lowest rates; no commission. NA-
TIONAL CREDIT COL. 6S and 63 Doncho*
bclM'.gg. 1170 Market %X.
j 6TRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL LOANS en fur-
elture. pianos cr to salaried people on their
cote; proper treatment guaranteed. ILLINIO3
TRUST CO.. r. 18. Phelaa bid., tel. Main 704.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances ca diamonds, jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store.. 844
Market «t. . tel. Main 1644. Branca. 19 Third.
i MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, tea-raters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments; largest business in
4g principal cities. Tolman. 853 Parrott bidg.
i a — 1 P«r cent en furniture or piano; no remo*r-
ai. no ccmnj'.ssicn. no publicity ;$23 up; quick.
private. confldentlaL 29 Montgomery, rm. T.
Mr^TICTPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant ar**.,
LOAN3 FROM $1 TO $10.000.
1 MONET to loan on low Interest: gold, sll-rer.
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth St. i_
i NEW eaav method — To wage-earners on unln-
dorsed notes: absolute privacy. Fidelity
Loan Companr. rooms 4S-49. Chronicle bide.
: TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture; Indorsed notes and ether security. S. F.
Dtgcourrt Agency. 143 Phelan building.
AT lowe«t rates on fcmltore and pianos; strict
privacy; no commlssion;lnrtallmei3t3 accepted.
; BONELLI. 301 Eddy. Conservatory building.
[ OPEN Credit Ass'n, leans on salaries confiden-
tially: rew, simple plan. Pu»m 80. S19 Market.
8% ON furniture St ptanov; $15 up: no removal;
no coin. V. TREMAIN. room 81. « Eddy st.
MONET leaned to salaried employes. O. W.
MILLER, room 74. 5th floor. Chronicle bldg.
1 PER cent on furniture or piano. 1003 Mu-
tual Savings Bank fcldg.. 70S Market ft
ALL loans on diamonds and jewelry 2 per' cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. S3S Kearny.
8TAR Loan Ce. of Wyoming . loans mocey to
¦aJaried employes. I~t. 311. Mutual Sav.Bk.b'd.
CASH leaned salaried people on notes wtthoat
lndoraer. MORELL. 6C9 Exar-.lr-»r b'.dg.
A WEEK'S news for 5 centa — The Weekly Call,
18 pages, in wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
MTSICA-L I>STRCME.yrS. <
X"few" "special upright" piano "baju
GAINS:
Co'.lard. $35; Emerson. $65: Filsher. $70;
illll-r, $175; Chlckering. $167; American,
$lt5: Heine. $235; Haynes, $150: Eteinway,
$155; Eteinway, large style. . $325, and fifty
other*. Rent*. $2 up; ins—ll-aents. $4 up.
HEINE PIANO CO.. 233-237 Geary street;
Oakland branch. Fifteenth and Broadway, old
P. O. bldg.
NOW ic the time to select your piano for the
holiday present; we have Just received two
carloads cf exreilert instruments, and tf you
"(rill call end make a selection now the piano
I caa be delivered when you are ready: bring
(such amount as ycu can t pare for a first pay-
ment and we wiH arr-mge easy payments for
the future. THE ZENO MACVAIS MUSIC
COMPANY. 7*3 Market st.
i WE re-nt the Iwt p!«**:o { n t », e c j t y tf^ 53 p» r
month; ¦**<"• allow *lx months' rental and
<""artage ($2">) off purchase price, thus giving
rt-a a eix. months' trial of the Instrument for
nothicg; our terms and prices cannot b«
-"¦OB—ed la San rranci?co. SCOTT-CIJRTAZ
PIANO CO.. fWMa Hay-^i st.
A FINE let of Eeccnd-hand uprights from SSO
cp. including ituch m_kes as Chlckertng.
Voft. Kroetrer. (Turtaz. Klrkhain. Pease,
K»rdn:«r.. Marsha!' _ Wendell. Baus and
ethers. BENJ. CURTAZ A 6ON. 16 O'Far-
tell st. No branches in San Francisco.
BAND Instruments; F. Be*son. Paris, maker;
Gue Malwald. Agt. Pae. Coast, 2TS O'Farrell;
skillful repairing; 2d-hand instruments said.
? MASSIVE solid walnut case Estey organ,
two banks of keys and pedal baas; cost $730;
yenr cwn price. BOWERS A '"ON. 11 Mason.
i ALMOST new upright: cheap: cash or lnrtall-
ment. ECHMITZ - CO.. 16 McAllister st.
': A 6TECK urrlght mahogany, nearly new;
gust be sold. 218 McAllister st.
, BEAUTIFUL S-pe-Sal Steinway uprtj,-1it piano;
perlect order: iwrtflce. Keege's.SSS O'Farrell,
Unredeemed storage pfajsos and furniture dirt
cheap. Whltefcead Storage. 1638 Market St.
BOHMER. Byrcn Mauzy pianos. Cedlitn piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 3C8-313 Post st.
SUPERIOR violins, cithers, old and new. H.
SfTLLFT*:. nak-r. reralrer. 2 LAtham rTace.
PERSOXALS.
A SPECIAL LOW RATE 30 DAYS ONLY—
M. ELLA HARRIS.
To all whom I have made prices to sine*
f'an. 1. 19G3, & for the ensuing 30 days only.
I """¦;"* make a liberal reduction from all
prices for my special deep-wrinkle treatment.
The lady who has been on exhibition in
the drug store windows may be -=een at my
office this we«k from 10 to 5. in order to ac-
commodate those who have requested to ex-
amine the face more thoroughly In private.
M. ELLA HARRIS.
TS1 O'FarreU st.. near Larkin. Call or writs
for book explaining method.
ALLIK LUND — Folks would like to see you
at ho-ne settling the stock en the new lot
In Xcjruda: I wish to come not later than
December 12. AdJr**ss Sherman Hcn—e. 23
Eighth st.. C. B. LUNDAHL.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
prcvea Its -rrowtii. stops 'ailing, cures dandruff
and itching scalp: no stain or stickiness;
cleanses/fccalp;at druggists', hairdressers' ; ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy CO..L33S Polit.
NOT how cheap but how good Is the motto of
the manufacturers of the Rapid Rotary
-Standard, the eewicg-machir.e ot to-day. J.
W. EVANS, agent. 1021 Market at.
PHYSICIAN. 15 years' e*ip«rter.ce, cures per-
manently morphine, cocaine habit. Call or
address Central Pharmacy. 2S1 Grant ave.,
corner Sutter rt. ; fee moderate. '¦
LIQUOR habit cured In 2 days or no charges;
guaranteed. Acm» Liquor Cure Co.. 997 Mar-
ket ft., rocm 203; phone i-joutb 751.
AT less than cost, uncalled for suits, overcoats
ar.<i trct-f-ers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tsllor, 721 Market et.
LN5UOP. habit cur**-d in 2 days or no char-sea;
guaranteed. Acme Liquor Cure Co.. 097 "Mar-
ket St., room 2C3.
ELEGANT suits on easy Installments; SO cents 1
acd up per we«k. LEON LEMOS. 1127 Mar-
ket st., between Severth and Eighth.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday. Sun-
day e\gs.. T-ntcnia Hall. Howard St.. cr.
8th: Picf. Foster; eiclety dancing taught.
MASSAGE, hand-rutbir.g treatment: face vi-
tratory machine: genuine tut* 1 . Prof. Morris,
403 Geary «.. nr. Mason; nurse assistant.
MAgQUnrtADE tuPtim *<. t3l3y book-«. wigs;
rcvr.'.ry ordrm. GC'LDSTKIN & CO.. 7S3 Mkt.
ANDEHSON— Elegiint Uieatrical an-I masquer-
11 de ctjsfjmes rented. 2<5 OTarrell st.
EVITS to crder en installments. $1 per week.
W«——*— & Co.. mercb. tailo**-**. 727-72O Market.
SUPERFI.UOUS hair fc moles removed by elec-
tric Tieejie. Dr. — Mrs. Traverse..ll70 Market.
THE t*ft place to buy good umbrellas cr have
thrm coA-ered cr repaired is 120 Stockton et.
TAILOR-MADE *ra!t $7 W>: dress pants $2 50.
MiFfit C'othlrig Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
ALFREDL'M'S Egyptian Henna restores eray
heir to lit natural eclor: $1 : at all druggists'.
Euper-Cuoas hatr and moles removed with elee-
trtc nee.-Ile. Mrs. A Miss Eaton. 1113 Sutter.
A BRANCH office of The Ca!l for the recep-
tion of clvertiserr.enti and subscriptions has
!**<n i c-*>«*ned at 100S Market rt.. cpposlte
Fifth. r)F»n or.tll 11 p. m.
PA_3i'fcTRY.
—ME. DEVAS. scientific palmist and astrolo-
gist: ralm rt-adlngs $1; 3 questions by ex-
prew. tl ; nprx. Tuesday e*re. also. l."TJ Post st
MME. NEUKGARD'S class In palmistry begins
Dec 1. S p. ra. 242 Post st.; terms $10.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. sc>ntifle~i>aln-.lst. 5li
Tsyior ft.. p»ar G»ary. Phore H'.nck R«.
PIPERnAXGISG, PaFxTIXC. ETC.
ROOMS tacered. $3 60 up; tinting. * painting
Hartmann Paint Co.. *W 3d at. : tel. Mala 413.
CALL at «27 Turk st. or phone Sutter 154. rot
paper hanging, painting and tinting.
PHYaiCIAXS A3>D St'RGEOXS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence.
I021K Market st.. bet. Cth and 7th; paxUcu-
Ur attention paid to diseases of wcraen.
BLOOD, ekln and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 10?3*tt Market st.
REMOVED — DH. WONG HIM. herb doctor,
treats all diseases or the human body: for
past four rears at 115-117 Maaon; now lo-
cated at CC7 Geary rt^ near Leaven worth.
DR. TONG PO CHT. successor to Dr. LI Po
T_. herb doctor, cures all dtseases cf human
by u«e cf herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
DR. H. C. WONG, 710 Post St.; all diseases
wired by Chinese herbs; consultaUon free.
WONG WOO. the faacua herb doctor— A U — s-
esses cured fay Chi neae herbs. 749-8 CUy st.
MABRJ AGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses w«»re issue J
yesterdari-".* - ' ¦ - ¦•-• *-
James W. Kelley. 25. S14»4 Treat avenue, I
and Julia A. ; Murphy. -21. 1C6 Halght street.
Frank Havelka, ¦ 2ti. 45 Guerrero street, and i
Rocle Fousek, 21, 993 Oak street.
Albert Terns-mere. 21. 1406 Pln% street, and
Marguerite Candevaa, 18, 511 Hyd<! etreet.
Teodore Zaragoia. 2S, J»2S Pacific street, and
Victoria Munoz. 22. 02S Pacific street.
Frank Minetta, 4$. Wardlngton. and Eli^a- ¦
beth Iemettl. 2S. Osogna. Switzerland.
Carlo Bon-rtoyamjl. 1>*, 24 Telegraph' place." '
and, Mary Liebers, 17, 22'-i Telegraph place.
John W. Eklund. 2S, 513 Howard street, and
Vengta. Rasmusson, 23, 513 Howard street-
Chin King Sung. 25, 723 Sacramjnto street.
and Way Ho. 24, 723 .Sacramento street.
BIRTHS— MARRIAeES— DEATHS. .
». Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must b« handed
in at either of the publication offices and b«
indorsed with the "name and reaideuce of per- !
sons authorized to have the same published. ;
Notices* .restricted .simply to the announcement j
of the event are published once In this column
free of . charge.
T>~ .B0BN\
BLACK— In this city. Xovemfeer 23. 1903. to
Ihe wlf* of Emmett P. Brack, a son.
MABRIED. ;
KESLAR — BOSTROM— In this citr. December
S. 1908. bv the Rfx. H. H. B-11. Fred"Ke-*Iar
-. and -Fannfe E.- BoBtrom. both of San Fran-
cisco. - ¦..¦'¦'¦"¦
' " diedT~ "^
Anderson, Aj-nin Hayes.' J»remlah
Anderson, Sarah J. Hi-t-rlnf', John
. Barman. Paulin* ¦ Hoilywocd. Ltmant
Battelle, Nellie L. Maharn. 'Frances E.
Becker, Emma.M. M»riw*ther. Herbert
Brown. Perry B. *M»rrill, Mary A.
; Dlttmer, Frederick Moor. Andreas ¦¦--¦¦'
Dorn, N. A. J. Morton, Marion
Dwyer, John W. • Sesser, Major Petsr
Eade, Lena E. • Skarlanic, Mary
Fo!ey r Joseph J_ Varni. -Angelo
Geddts. Charles Wlebcke. Henry
5 OiKifr-y-. John - Wilson. Hexekiah B.
Harrison, Harold Young, Andrew
ANDERSON— In tn1s city, December 2, 1903.
• Annie, beloved wife of John Anderson, and
mother of Miss A. Guth. a native of Ger-
' many, aged 43 years.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to 'attend - the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from the oar'ors of
McFadden. McBrearty & Green, 1171 Mis-
sion street, between Seventh and Eighth. In-
¦ torment Mount Olivet .Cemetery.
ANDERSON— In this city, December 1, 1903.
Sarah Jane, beloved wife cf the late Captain
John Anderson, and mother of Mrs. Flor*
Duff, Mrs. Albert B. Edwards of Los Gates
and Mary and James H. Anderson, a native
of Halifax, N. S., aged 75 years 10 months
and 3 days.
KTFriends are resfrectfully Invited to ai-
tend the funeral service-s Friday morning,
' December 4. 1003. at 10 o'clock, at her lat« j
residerre, 26S5 Howard street.- Interment i
I. O. O. F. Cem'tery. ."¦-."•:
BARMAN— In this city, December 2, 10C3,
Pauline Barman, beloved mother of Marie
Barman, and sister of Mrs. Benjamin Hirsch |
of Germany and Mrs. J. Nonb-urser of '
Switzerland, aged S3 years. ,
C"7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral servicts ,
to-day (Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, at her late j
residence. 21t5Q Stelner street. ! Interment .
Home of Peace Cemetery, by train leavln? •
Third and Townsend streets at *l:30 o'clock, i
BATTELLE— In this clt>. December 2. 18CK. j
suddenly, Nellie L., beloved wife" of Ernest !
L. Battell?. mother of - Leslie L. Battelle. i
Oaughttr of Albert C. and the late - Eimiri !
Gay, and sister of Mrs. Ha t tie Gray, a na- j
tive of San Francisco.
fCFriends are respectfully Invited to at- !
tend the funeral services Friday, December
4, 1903. at 1:30 o'clock, at Grace' Methodist
Episcopal Church. Twenty-first streJt, be- |
,twe-tn Case* and Mission, thence by electric ]
funeral car from corner of Eighteenth -and ,
¦ Guerrero streeta to Cypress Lawn Cemetery i
for Intfrrfeent. . .
BECKER— In this city, December 2. IJKXl, i
' Emma M., dearly belotrod wife of Herman '
C. IJecker, daughter of Mrs. Mary Pape, i
.pister ot Aln-_, Wlill^ and Henry Pape. ami .
nl^ce of Frai .' Parsch and Mrs. Delia |
Hardy, a nat;->- f San Francisco, ag-^1 23 i
years ?-*mont_' tjTid % days. . »
C*yFrIen<1s ar. ? acquaintances are renpect- :
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her lafe i
residence, 1(33 Sixteenth avenue, corner of :
X street. South San Francisco, thence to All I
Hallows* Church, where a wolem-n requiem I
hlgti mass will be" celebrated for the repose [
of her soul, commencing at 10 o'clock.* In-
terment Holy Crtms Cemetery.
BROWN— In this city, December 1. 1903, Perry
- B. Bro-"»-n. beloved husband • of Annie J.
Brown,* brother of William" T, Brown, and
eon-M'taw <ir Mr. and Mrs. Robert Hughes^
a native of . Pennsylvania, aged IO years 5
months and: I day.
(C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral* Friday.
at 2 o'clock, from Elks' Hall. 223 Sutter
. street. * Interment fypress Lawn Cemetery.'
ELKS' HalL 223 Sutter street, San Francisco
Ledge No. 3, B. P. O. E.— Members of San
Francisco Lod*~*e No. 3. B. P. O. E., are
notified ' to attend the funeral of onr late
brother. Perry B. Brown, at Elks" Hall, 223
Sutter street, to-day i Friday), at 2 o'clock. I
JAMES O'PELL, Exalted Ruler.
DITTMER — In this city. December 3, 190G. at '
his -*-e«*fd**nct*. 820 . Ham**>shlre street. Fred-
erick, beloved husband of Meta Dittmer, !
father of Mrs. Kat.'e Siebke and Herman ;
Dittmer, Ijrct^er of Hfrman Fruedenthal, !
and grandfather of Alfred and Clara Siebke, !
a native of Hanover. Germany, aged 6»> '
years 3 months and 10 days. j
DORN — In Wataonville. December 2. 10<>*J, N. !
A. J. Dorn. beloved busba'nd of Rebecca E. I
Dorn. a native of Kentucky, aged 74, years '
and 7 months. j
DWYER— In St. Helena. Cal., December -*!. j
1003, John W.. beloved son of Jerome . and '
Mary Dwyer, • anil brother of Jo.il* Dwyer '
and Mrs. Nellie DufTy. a native of San Fran- '
Cisco, aged 29 years 5 menths and 9 days. \
EADE — In this city. December 3. 1903,' at her i
parents' residence. :tl7 Chestnut street, Lena j
KUen. dearly beloved daughter of George I
Washington and Julia Eade, a native of San i
Francisco, aged 27 days.
FOLEY— In Phoenix. Ariz., December 2. 1903,
Joseph J.. beloved husband of Mary E.
Folty-, a native, of Fall River, Mass., aged
S3 years. :
ICNotlce of funeral hereafter.
GEDDES — In this city-. Dec-imb-er 3. 1003,
Charles, beloved husband of Sarah Uedde',
and father cf Mrs. S. E. Thomson. Mrs. H. F.
- CheWon and Grace Adalaide Geddes. a nn-
tlve of Halifax. Nova Scotia, aged 83 years. |
GODFREY — In thia city, December 2, lOOt;, j
John, be(«»ed husband of Hannah Godfrey, 1
and father of Florence. Adeie and John
Godfrey, * native of New York, aged 60
years. An old realdsnt of Reno, Ncv. ;
JCT'Nctlce of funeral hereafter.
HARRISON — In thfs city. December 3, 1S0H, i
Harold, dearly beloved son of Thomas and '
•Annie Harrison, and brother of Melvin. j
Hazel, Grace and G*ri*-udf* Harrison, a na- ,
tive of San Francisco, aged 1 y«ar 2 months j
and 14 da vr.
HAYES— In this citr. Dtcember 3, HK». Jcre- I
tniah, beloved husband of the late Mary I
Jlayee, and devoted father of Thomas and !
Edward Hayes Richard and Jcsie Quintan '
and Mrs. Nellie Bow-mann, a native of I
County Cork. Ireland, aged 70 years 7 i
months aad 19 days. «ValleJo, Cal.. and
Victor, N. Y., papers please copy.) - •
C7*Fi lends ar.d acquaintances are respect- i
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow i
(Saturday), at 8 o'clock, from the parlors cf !
H. F. ssuhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street, be- ;
twetn Seventh and Eighth, thence to St. |
Patrick's Church, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
..of bit soul, commencing at 8:30- o'clock. In-
terment at Vallcjo, Cal.. by steamer General
Frlsble, Mission-street wharf, at D:45 a. m.
HIGGINS — In this ciC. December 2. IOCS.
John Higsins. beloved husband of Mary i
¦ Higgins, father of John and Harry HIggias. '
and; brother of Thomas Hig-ftna. "a native of
Calaveras. Cal.. aged 50 years 4 months and :
. 1 day. (New Orleans papers please copy.) i
O" Friends and acquaintances are respect- !
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day ;
(Friday), at 0 o'clock, from the funeral par- j
lore of James McGfnn & Co.., 214 Eddy
street, thence to St. Mary's Cathedral, where
a high mass will be celebrated for the re- !
pose of his soul, commencing at 9:~K> o'clock. I
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery-
HOLLYWOOD— In Berkeley, December 2. ltWX;.
Lainona. b»Ioved daughter, of Joseph" and
Nellie Holly* ood. a native cf Berkeley, aged !
. 6 dajs. ;
MAHARN— In this city. December 2. 1WS, !
* Frances E..- dearly beloved ¦ . dauzhter of :
James T. and Mary A. Maharn. betovtd sis- \
ter of Lauretta and James Maharn. and i
granddaughter . of Patrick and Mary ¦-. Foley
and Hannah Maharn. a native of San Fran-
cjgeo. ¦ aged 7 months and 21 days.
. (CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day I
HENRY J. CALL ACHER CO.
(Successors to Flannagan tc Gallagher.)
DANIEL P.' DONOVAN. Mgr.
FL'NERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth st.. opposite , Lincoln School.
• ¦ Telephone South 80. >
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
— — -Funerat Directors and ¦ Embalmers.—^— -
Formerly In Metropolitan Temple,
Now at «i0 MISSION. Tel. . South - 167.
Between Fourth and Fifth, near Fifth st.
¦ Finest- EquiDtnenLs at ' Moderate Rates.
James McGinn. , . Henry Hanaen.
JAMES McGINN & CO.,
Formerly /With McGinn Bro*.. *
'¦ — -Funeral Directors and Embalmers.
214 Eddy st.: Tel. South 676.
I (Friday).* at 1 o" clerk, from her parents'
: residence. 774 Fourteenth street. Interment
Holy Cress Ceinetsry.
MERIWETHEK— Th« Interment of Herbart D.
Msriwether. beloved husband of Elizabeth
Mertwether. end father of Herbert F. and
; liandoTph Meri wether, took plaea Escembe*
: 3 at Cypr«» Lawn Cemetery. San Mateo
County. . Birthplace, Mason. Tenn. (Ten-
ness<»» capers please cocy.)
MERRILL— In this city. December 2. '1903.
Mary Ann Merrill, beloved wife of the late
Parker Merrill, asd mother of William J.
Date of Hawaiian Territory, a native oi
i ' ' England. ag«d «4 years and .7 "-coatas.". -
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
; , fully Invited to attend the funeral aervices
I I to-day (Friday), at I o'clock, at th-» chapel
i cf Charles H. J. Truman * Co.. 19CO Mis-
sion street, between Flfte-ath and Sbtte*nth.
Interment Cyprets Lawn Cemetery, by car-
riage.
' MOOR— In this city. December 3. 1303. An-
dreas, dearly beloved and cnly child of An-
dreas and Maria Moor, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 5 menths and 15 days.
MORTON— In thia city. December 3. IOC?.
Marion, beloved daughter of James and
Maggie Morton, and sister of Willie and
Renle Morton, a natlv* of San Francisco,
aged 1 year and 18 days.
: feESSER — In thin city. Dec-mb«r 3. 1903. at
Ocean View. Major Peter Bess-r. beloved
husband of the late Paulina Se»*>r. and
i father of Mrs. C. E. Carlson and Frank 3.
and Oacar F. Sesw, a native of Bavaria.
Germany. ag»d 73 year* 3 months and 17
day e.
8KARLANIC— In this eitr, December 2. 19«W.
Mary, beloved wife of Michael SkarTanlc.
and mother of Frank. Eva. Henry. Nellie,
Roeie and Katie Skarlanic. a native of Hmn-
garj-, aged 4« years 5 months and 7 days.
VARNI— In this city. December 2. 1903. An-
gelo> Varni, d«srlv b'loved son cf Gius«j>p-»
and the late Angela Varni, a native of £*a
Francisco, aged 3 months and 6 days.
WIEBCKE— In this eitr. December 2. 1TMM.
Henry Wlebcke. beloved husband cf Anna
Wiebeke. a native of Lunmedt. Germany.
WILSON— In -this city. December 3. 19CCt.
- Ilez«?kiah B. Wil5cn, a native cf Ohio. «y-?d j
73 years. :
YOCNG — Near Santa Clara, D-eember 1. 130B. j
Andrew Yonng. belov»»<l husband of Mari» !
Young, and father of Albert. Walter and
Frances- Young, a native of Copenhagen.
Denmark, aged 64 years 7 months and -\>
days.
IC^Friends and acquaintances ar» respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral from hi»
late residence on Scctts lane, near Santa
Clara. Saturday. December 5, at 1:30 o'clock.
Interment Oak HUI Cemetery.
Jgj|r Or.R.L. Walsh
"* l& ¥ 847 Geary St
. Itrwt'j* «-;nit» SanUgs SCI
Reduced Rates for Thirty Days \
Painless Extraction 25c
FlMInS* 50c
Crowns . . ... . . $2.00 to 55.00
Plate Work . . . $5.00 to $25.00
LC02 rO3 TEI3 AOl tiCH OTIS- 2X1.«.12f)th Meridian— Padfic Time.) i
SAN FRANCISCO. Dec. 3-5 p. m .
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the came
date last reason and rainfall in the last twenty
four hours:
Last This La»t
RUtlcns— 24 hours. Season. Season
Fureka O.CO 14.34 13. 97^
Red Bluff 0.00 R.72 10.09
Facramc-nto O.lM 3.52 , s!71
Ka;i Francisco «.00 4.42 3<2)
Fj-esno O.CO 0.04 2^67
Independence 0.00 O.42 0.79
Baa Luis Obispo 0.00 n.44 H..YJ i
Ix>« Angeles 0.00 0.13 2.47
Ean Diego 0.00 0.0(1 2)51
THK COAST nrCORD. *
"" g « K~O « =1
3 35" 3= S* %
STATIONS. I |S «| .£§ f~ j
Baker S0.f>6 30 20 NB Clear Too
Carenn 30. SC <0 ' 26 E "near- .00
Kureka ....... 30. 02 «2 40 NW Clear '.Ort
F«.raUcn .30.00 60 T-2 N Clear - .00
Fresno .....:.30.08 4fi 40 S Frggy .00
•..—.* .. ,...sa,02 44 20 X Cur .00
Wheat and Other Grains. \
WHEAT — There was nothing new from !
abroad. Chicago advanced lc and reported !
buying the best for weeks and of excellent j
character. The Flour btic'ness was reported !
active, and the Northwestern mills last week j
produced more than they ever did before In
one week, viz.. S.'»4,15O barrels, or 10,320 bar- j
rels more than the previous high record. 1
Futures wore hlcher in this market, but
cash grain showed no chansre. i
CASH WHEAT. |
California Club, $140^142%: California!
White Australian. $1 5061 52%; Northern Club, ;
$1 40@l 4H4 : Northern lSluestem, $1 50@l 51W • I
Oregon Valley, $1 40.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May $1 34 % $1 ;55% $1 34*4 $1 'n I
December ... 1 37 1 3S% 1 37 1 38 j
\ 2 p. m. Session. |
; Oppn. High. Low. 1 Close. ¦
May $1 .'{5% $1. .'55U ?l 35% $1 :«r.>. 1
December ... 1 .IS 1 38 1 37% 1 .",7% I
BARLEY — The market turned firmer again |
and cash Feed advanced a fraction, with light i
offerings and a good demand. Holders wen? j
very firm and buyers could not get any con- i
cessions. ¦
CASH BARLEY.
Feed. $1 10gi 12%: Snipping and Brewing,
$1 15@1 17%; Chevalier, $1 I'liigl 45 for tan- i*. I
• ' FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
No sales.
2 p. m. Session.
May— $1 OS.
OATS — The demand continues very fair ami !
receipts do not accumulate. The market Is
steady and some dealers quote It firm. !
White, H 20@l r.0; Black. $1 40®l fcO; Red. I
$1 20igl 23 for feed and $1 25@1 35 for *sed;;
Gray, nominal.
CORN — Weakness and inactivity still char- j
acterize the market, but no further decline Is ¦
reported. . ¦
Western sacked, $1 25 for Yellow, $1 22% .
for White and $122% for Mixed; California
large Yellow, $1 22%@* 30; small refund do,
$l-40@l*60; White, $1 25®1 30 per ctl.
RYE— $1 2501 30 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— $2 25S2 SO per ctl.
Flour and Millstuifs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $4 CO®
4 85. usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $4 50(34 60;
Oregon and Washington, $3 UO^f* 20 per bbl for
Family and $3 90@4 41) for Bakers'.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices In packages are as fol- j
lows: Graham Flour, $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye
Flour, S3 25; Rye Meal, $3; Rice Flour, $1;
Corn Meal, $3 25; extra cream' do. $4: Oat
Groats. $4 50; Hominy. $4@4 25; Buckwheat:
Flour, 84 50@4 75; Cracked Wheat. $3 75; Fa- I
rlna. $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50: Rolled i
Oats. bbls. $7 2.V<>8 <;0; in sacks. , $0 7.1@8 10; i
Pearl Barlf.y, ?6: Split Peas, boxes, $7; Green I
Pea*, $5 r.0 Der ICO lbs. h » ''&$&&£'
Hay and Feedstuff s. i
I , - ;¦"¦ - . . ;|
Nearly 13,500 sks of Bran came in yester- ,
day, over 12,000 of it coming from Oregon and
Washington, but prices did not decline. Mid
dlings, continue In light supply/and firm. Hay
is steady at previous prices.
• BRAN — $19 50(?}'JO 50 per ton. ,.
MIDDLINGS— $2(5 50(S2S 50 per ton.
SHORTS— $10 50(520 50 per ton. ¦
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $24®25 per
ton: Oil Cake Meal at the mill, $27@28 50; Job
bing. $20©.;0:. Cocoanut Cake. $21©22: Corn
Meal, $29i5«0: Cracked Corn, $29 50@30 60;
Mixed Fetd. $22 50®23: Horne Beans,- $30@40
per ton. ¦
HAY— Wheat. $14@16 50; Wheat and ¦ Oat.
SIS no® 1^ 50; Oat, $13@15; Wild Oat, $11 50@
13 r»0; Barley. $U@13; Stock. $10©ll; Alfalfa.
' STr"aW— iWeSc per bale.
Beans and. Seeds. i
• Pinksand large-Whites are held hirher'and
Lima* continue firm with a good demand.' The
othfr; Beans thow no Improvement-, and are
quiet. . ¦ ' -
BEANS— Bayos, $2 30<Q2 50; Pea., $3; But
terr. $3 25: small White. $2 85@3: large White,
S2 40^2 C3: Pink. S2 50@2 70: Red, $3#3 25;
Lima. $2 S5@3; Red Kidneys. *4 25: Blackeye,
$2®2 lft. per 'Ctl; -Horse Beans, $1 5O®2.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, -"3;* Yellow Mus
t*r.i vi KSata &3: Flax. $1 SO©1 80; Canary,
W-cathcr Report.
Siock and Bond Exchange.
THURSDAY. Dec. 3—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask.) Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup... 110 111 |4s qr cp new.l33»4i:M»4
4s qr reg.... 109 110 |3s qr coup.. .107 10$V«
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5«. — — Do 5s — 10!)
Bay, CPC 5s. — 103 Do con •>. — 104
Cal C G 5s. — 106 O G W 5s.. — «7
Cal C & E g oceanic S 3s. — 73
m & ct 5s. — 102% Om Cable 6s. — 123
Cal-st 5s — — i Pac G Im 4s 93 ICO
C C Wat 3s. — 100 |P E Ry 5s.I06'4107
Ed L & P fis.120 — - !P & C H Os. — ' —
F & C H 6s. — 117 P A O R Ks.116%120
Geary-st 5s.. 45 00 Powell-st fis.113% —
H CAS 5%s.lO4% — S F GSR 5s. — M04
HC&SSs..— 101 SF & SJV5s.H0 117'
Hon R T «s.t04»;iO««4 S R of C6s.ll2% —
L A Elec 5s. 104% 105% S P of A fis
L A Ry 5s. .112 113 (19C0) 107%1CS
L A L Co (is. — — (1910) — ' 1C»
" Do gtd 6s. "— — S P of C Cs
Do gtd Bs. — 104% M9C."i)Sr A. 102% —
LAP cm 5s.lO<» — (ifMir.iSr B.10:;%104
Mkt-st C 6«.11R — OOOfi) 104%lC5 '
Do lcm 53.112 — (1912) 114*i
NRR of C6S.107 — SPC leg 3s. — _
Do 5s 11414115 Do stmpd.106% —
N P C R 5s. — 107 S P B R 6s. 131 _
Nv"C R 5s... — 110 S V W 6s..lC3%10r,x;
NIC P C 5s.. — 101 Do 4s 2dm. 0S% 90
N S R R fis. 04%10i) Do-4a .".elm. — —
O G L H 5s. 107 — Stkn G&E fis 96 100
O T Co 6s... 117UHH UO4E3J. - 105
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa — 4? (Port Costa.. — _
Marln Co... 61 — |S V \V Co.. 33% 40 •
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L * P. 4 4"U:S F G & E. 6« 66U
Mutual E L. 9U 10 ',4 S F Gas L. . 3 _
Pac G Im.. 52 — Stkn G & E. 5
Pac L Co... 55»4 — U G fi E..
Sac E G&R. — — I
TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES.
S F G & E. 65«4 66%
INSURANCE.
Firem's Fnd.320 —
BANK STOCKS.
Am XII Bk. — 125 L P *: A... 170
Anglo-Cal ..84 — Mer Trust... 23O *>50
Bank of Cal.44«%4«> Merch Ex —
Cal Safe Dp. — 155 S F Nation!. — • —
First Nat... — —
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger 'S & L.2223 2275 Sav & L So. A3 100
• Hum SAL. — — See Sav Bk.4OO 500
Mutual Sav. — 103 Union T Co. — —
S F Sav U.60O — '
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..>— 205 (Presidio .... 30-v. _
Gearj- ......— SO |
POWDER.
Giant 64 65%IVIgorit 3% — *
SUGAR.
Hana P Co. — SOc Kilauea S C. — 6
Hawaiian C. 4* 45 Makawell C. 22% —
Honokaa S C 12Ti 13% Onomea S C. 31% ,12iJ
Hutch S P C 9% 10 I Paauha j S C 14 15
MISCELLANEOUS.
1 Alaska Pack.142 14-1% Oceanic S C. — fi
Cal Fruit As. 92 94% Pac A F. .. 4% 5%
Cal Wine As. 01% 02%_Pac C Borx.167 —
Mornlna" Session.
Board —
5 Mutual Savings Bank 100 00
20 S F Gas and Electric Co 65 «2%
I 10 S F Gas and Electric Co 65 75
$S00O Northern Ry of Cal Os ...". 107 23
StOOO Paciflc Electric Ry 3s 106 50
$.{(100 S P of Arizona 0900) 107 73
$.1000 8 P of C Os <1912) 115 00
$1UOO S V C«-... .....1Ci> 00
Street—
45 Cal Wine Assn 91 75
Afternoon Session.
Board —
60 Honokaa 13 CO
5 S F Gas and Electric Co... Ob OQ
5 S F Gas anil Electric Co..;..... sn 12%
5 S F Gas and Electric Co e« 25
10 Spring Valley .. Water Co 39 50
• ' 20 Spring '¦ Valley Water Co ...... 39 25
$10,000 S P Cal 1st Con Cs (stamped). 106 CO .
31 OS t 01 Til© DuStnCsS On inc oiOCiC ant] x">on • 1
Exchange was In bonds, and ths only thing
new in stocks was an advance In Gas and
Electric to $66 25. The oil stocks continued
stagnant. The mining stocks continued to
shade off and there was a falling ofl in sales
a? well.
The California-street Cable Railroad Com
pany will pay a regular monthly dividend of
75 cents per share December 9.
A sale, of 3000 shares Chutes was made re
cently at $7 60 per share.
STOCK MARKET.
COTTOLENE— One half barrel. ' &%c; three
half barrels, S%c; one tierce,- 8%c; two tierces
8%c; five tierces, 8%o per lb.
1 LARD— Tierces quoted at 7%c per lb for
! compound and 9c for pure; half barrels pure"
i 9Uc; 10-lb tlnf. 9*4c; 3*b tins. 0*ic; 3-lb tins'
10c. ¦ . . ¦-. • ¦ ' .• *
"Trade In Hams and Bacon has become dull
again and was poor yesterday.. The trade 'cm
Hams and Bacon %c per lb. "Lard -was also
depressed. v but dlil not decline. Cutting prices
has again broken out among dealers.
. Chicago was lower, but reported speculative
activity gaining. Stocks there are now mod
erate and the distributive traders good.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. ll%c per lb for
heavy.- 12c for light medium, lie for light;
14%c for extra light, 18c for sugar-cured
and: 20c for extra sugar-cured :• Eastern
sugar-cured Hams. 14c; California Hams
KJi.ie: Mesa Beef. $11 50 ppr bbl; extra Mess'
$12ftl2 50; Family. $13; prime Mess Pork, $18
extra clear. ?24; Mms, $19; Drj- Salted Pork'
12c: Pig Pork. $28; Pigs' Feet. $5 25; Smoked
Beef.- 15c per lb. . . v . -. .
Provisions.
HONEY — Comb. Il@l3c.for white and 9@10c
for amber: water white extracted, . .'>®5%c;
light amber extracted. 4%©3c; dark, 3%V4c.
BEESWAX— 27029c per lb. ;'¦
RAISINS — F.' o. b. prices', Fresno, for 1903
c-c.p: 50-lb boxes — Loose Muscatel. 2-crown.
5Vic l>er Ih; 3-crown, 6%«« 1-crown. 0%e; Seed
less Muscatel*, 4Uc; do., floated, !%&; un
bleached Sultanas. 4'ii-; Thompson's Seedless.
3U.C. London Layers— 2-crown, Si 23; 3-crown,
$1*35; 4-crown cluster*. $2: 5-crowu Dehesas.
$2 ."0; «-crown Imperials, ?3: Malaga Loose, 2
crown, 5c per lb: do 3-crown, 5%c; Valencia
Cured, i%c: Paciflc. do, 3%c: Oriental, do,
2%c. Seeded Raisins— IU-oz packages, fancy,
8c i.er lb: choice, 7'is^; 12-oz packages, fancy.
Cty,c; choice, t^Jst; I" bulks fancy, 7?ic; choice.
7%c.
NUTS— Wnlnuts, No. 1 softshell, 13%@14c;
No. 2, 11%©>12c; No. 1 hardshell, -I3@13%c;
No. 2, liwil'sc; .Almonds, lie for Nonpareils.
10%c for I X-"l, 10»ic for Ne Plus Ultra and
S%c for LaiiBuedoc; Peanuts, Cg"c for East
ern; Pecan*, Il®l3c: Cocoanuta, $1 00®5; Cali
fornia Chestnuts. 8(B 10c per lb, end HQ12%c
for Italian.
FRUIT — Apricots, 7<§"9e for Royals and 99
lie for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples, 4@5%c;
sun-dried, :Ui«?4c: Peaches. 4%©«%c: Pears,
CCTlCc; Nectarines. 4g5%c; Figs, white, 4@4*ic
in boxes; black, 4>,4c; Plums, pitted. ti@'Jc per
pound.
PRUNES— 1903 crop, 2%@2"-4c for th; four
sizes.
Dried Fmits.Nuts, Raisins, Honey
Conditions and prices In the fruit market
showed but little changi from the previous re
port. Apples and Oranges' constituted thjs
bulk of the supplies and the demand was
light both locally and for shipping account.
There was less activity In Apples, but prices
of all grades were unchanged. Trade In Or
anges was of a light jobbing character and
confined to email parcels of well-colored stock.
Receipts are steadily increasing, but the fruit
still lacks color and buyers and sellers dif
fer widely In their views. Grape Fruit- was
In fair request, while Lemons and Limes were
in heavy supply and dull. Supplies of B?rr!es
\ver» just about sufficient to satisfy the de
mand and prices had but slight variation.
Quinces. Persimmons and Pomegranates were
in fall 'request and stood about the same as
previously quoted. Receipts of Grapes, whll»
light were ample and choice offerings fourvd
ready sale at good figures. Ripe Bananas were
still rather scarce and ruled firm at the pre
viously quoted rates.
STRAWBERRIES — Longworths. $5@10 per
chest- large berries. S.'iff/.". per chest.
RASPBERRIES— S.W7 per chest.
CRANBERRIES— Cape Cod. $11@11 50; Jer
seys. JlOtfnO 75 per bbl.
APPLES — Fancy Spltzenbergs. $1 .5S2 per
box; other varieties. $l«-l 50 for fancy. 75<§00c
for choice and 25!i450c for common; Christmas
Apples. $1 50@l 75.
PEARS Winter Nellls, from cold storage,
SI ,"0<fi I 75 per box.
QUINCES— 50^<0c per box
POMEGRANATES— 51 25<&1 50 per box.
PERSIMMONS— 50@'.i0c per box.
ORAPES — -WiitiOc tor sinall boxes and 60®
83c for crates: large boxes. $1 2.">f?t 75.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, $2@2 75
per box- Seedlings, $1 25<&1 75; Tangerines,
SI 50 fcr half boxc3 and $1 for quarter boxes:
Japanese Mandarins. ?l 25@1 75 for half
boxei and WKS75c for quarter boxes: Lemons,
$102 per box: Grape Fruit. $1 50®2 50; Mexi
can Lime*. ?4@4 50; Bananas. $1 25©3 25 per
bunch for Hawaiian and tor Central
American; Pineapples, ?2@3 50 per dozen. .
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
.The Ventura brought up from Sydney £50,000
In sovereigns for the Anclo-Callforntan Bank.
The China, which arrived on the 2d. brought
Japanese gold yen valued at $350,000 to the
International' Banking Corporation and the
Anglo-Californian Bank from Yokohama. The
steamer Doric, due December 12, brings 1,000..
000 gold yen to the London, Paris and Ameri
can Bank. , . -
The Hongkong Maru took out for Hongkong
yesterday a treasure list of $SS.t67, consisting
of $2410 in gold coin, $3757 in Mexican dollars
and $32,000 in silver bullion.
' Silver declined acaln. Exchange rates re
mained undisturbed.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days..,. — $4 80 '4
Sterling Exchange, sight.' — 4 84»i
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 85%
New York Exchange, sight — 02%
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 05'
Silver, oer ounce — 56%
Mexican Dollars — 44
Exchange and Bullion.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks— | . Sale*. High. Low. Close
Atchtson 3ft. MX) (18% C(>»; fS
Atchlron pfd 2.400 k" Pivi ' 91 ?4
Baltimore & Ohio.. 2-"5,100 78« 77% 78«t
Bal & Ohio pfd 100 RR 88' 87'
Canadian Pacific .. 3.200 11S?i 117% 118%
Cen of N J 20o 15« 1.V5 155
Ches &. Ohio 4.O00 ::iTi 31 31%
Chicago & Alton... 1.5C0 313* 33»; 34
Chi & Alton pfd... ICO 71% 71% 71
Chicago * *G W 4.OX) 16 15% lrt
Chl&GWBpfd.. 3<>0 27« 8 26»4 27%
Chicago & N W.V. 2.400 1CS ICS^i 167%
Chi Term & Trans. 700 f>% n f>%
Chi Ter A Tr *>fd.. l.ftOO IK'A IS 1S%
C C. C & St L 100 73 " 73 73
Colorado Southern. noo 13% >ir:u 13>,4
Colo So 1st pfd BOO M 63% 54
Colo So 2nd pfd... r»00 23 21 »i 23
Del & Hudson 3,500 159 . 157% 15S
Del. Lack & Went 285
Denver & Rio Gr. . 700 21% 21% 21 H
Denver & R G pfd. 500 <W% «8*i «9%
Erie 63.200 -2S% 27% 28
j Frie 1st pfd....... ' 5,100 6S 68% tU%
Erie 2nd pfd 2,700 50^4 49% 49%
Great Nor pfd ICO
Hocking Valley ... 6,500 74S*. 74'i 74
Hocking Val pfd.., 100 Kl% S3*; 83%
Illinois Central ... 4.200 130»; 129% 130%
j Io'va "Central 2.O00 23 21% .22%
Iowa Cen nfd 400 30% 38 39
Kan City Southern. 200 ia% in% ' mu
K C So pfd 600 3(5 35 33%
Loul*. & Na*hvllle. «.000 1C7 106 100'i
Manhattan L 7,000' 140% 139% 140 '
Metrop St Ry 4,100 US;4 118 ltS»4
Minn A St Louis... 1.100 03 no 61
Missouri Paciflc ... 28.400 f>2% 91% 92%
Mo, Kan & Texas.. 300 18 17% 17%
Mo. Kan & Tex pfd 3.S00 40 38% 39%
N R R of Mex pfd 38^:
New* York Central. 4,800 118% 116% IIS.
Northern Securities &9%
Nor & Western ... 1.100 57% 56?» 57>i
Nor ft Weet pfd. ' 87
Ont & Weatern . . . . 8.800 21% 21 21%
Pennsylvania 156,800 117% 114% 115*i
P. C. C & St L 300 ei CO GO
Reading -....50.500 44% 42% 44%
Reading 1st pfd... 900 77% 75% 77>4
Reading 2nd pfd... 3,100 60% 59 60U
Rock Island Co.. .. 25.600 2.V, 8 24% 2.*%
Rock Isl Co nfd 2,000 C2 CO 61 V,
St L & 8 F 1st pfd *65
Pt L * S F 2nd pfd 800 46% 45% 4«
Ft L S W 000 14 V» 14 . 14%
Ft i, s w pfd...... J00- ruMi ::2 31
fit Paul 25.400 141 «i I39?i 1411.
; Pt Paul pfd '. 172'
Southern Pacific . . 16.700 46X4 4:114 4gs'
Southern Ry 8,200 20% 20»4 20%
Po Ry pfd .' 1,200 7S»4 7RV. 7R14
Texas *• Pacific 5.G00 25 U 24% 25'
Toi.StLJfcW . 21 1:
Tol. St L *. W pfd. 200 .1.1 31 m
Union Paciflc 52.40O 7«% 74% 7614
Union Pac pfd .TOO S7'i 87 SCVi
Waba*h 2.000 20% ?0i; 201:
Wabafth pM .:....' 6/-00 .17 » r.55; Sht^
Wheellnc & L B... 600 17 1614 16U
NEW YORK, Dec. 3.— The stock market
broke into great animation to-day and devel
oped much strength with obvious distress on
the part of r.hcrt, interests. The volume of
dealings rose to the r.elghborhcod of a million
shares. The activity was progressive, the
es.riy part of the day being given over to Inter
mittent buying movements, with Intervals of
extreme dullness. The strength of tbe first
part of the day was also confined to a tew spe
cial .stocks and was interrupted by occasional
selling movements to take profits even in tht*e
stocks. There was a large number of the
stocks of the first prominence which did not
come into the upward movement at all. Near
ly all of the Western stocks were laggards rn
til late in the day. and the cotton carrying
mads had no share in the day's activity at.d
strength. Even the movement in Pennsyl
vania, which became of decisive influence, wa«
late In developing, and that stock was one cf
the many which were below last night in the
early reaction. The few industrials which
spurted upward in a sensational manner in the
closing dealings yesterday were Inclined vo re
action on profit-taking. Colorado Fuel lost two
full points as the result of. an intended bond
issue. Sugar lost a point on profit tak
ing acd Amalgamated Copper was a frac
tion below Ust night at one time. The ex
tensive advertising of predictions of an ad
vance in Amalgamated Copper aroused some
suspicion toward it, but the stock came Into
the late upward movement. Canadian Paciflc
Buffered from the report cf a new issue of capi
tal. Notwithstanding these drawbacks, the up
ward movement of prices gathered momentum
and volume as the day proceeded and was ef
fective in alarming a more important short In
terest than has yet been rerx>rtf>d since the
turn from the extreme depression of the mar
ket. The- causes cf the advance were raiher
obscure, but vague assertions were freely circu
lated of a large and determined absorption erf
stocks' by the various groups of graat capital
ists and l-anks whlcn made vp the <ic-Tnln:int
powers in the financial world. The Ions Mand
lnij rumor of an adjustment of the dispute be
t-A-.-?.i the Gould and Pennsylvania interei-t
fed eagerly on the report that the counsel for
the Western Union and Pensyivania had s greed
that no further cutting cf poles should take
place pending a decision of the question in
controversy. In a general way there was un
doubtedly an improve-d sentiment over the In
dustrial and financial outlook; Opinions were
heard that the worst of tlie reaction In Iron
and ste-.-l had been seen, with good hopes of
Improvement. Call money loaned again as
high as 7% ner cent, and the movement of
currency to New Orleans continue?, but addi
tional engagements jaf po ld In London for both
Boston anJ New York account offered the as
surance that actuil necessities can be provided
for.
Bonis were irregular. Total sales, JM.S06,
000.
I'niteri States bends were unchanged on the
last call.
New York Stock Market
EASTERN MARKETS.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR THURSDAY, DECEMBER 3.
Flour, qr sks... 7,769 Broomcorn, bdls 110
Wheat, ctls 2.100 Screenings, ski. 3,400
Barley, ctls 6,075 Tallow, ctls 221
Oats, ctls 285 Pelts, No 5U.1
Rye, ctls 9«5|Htdes, No 3.4S5
Beans, sks 2.1C0 Sugar, ctls S.WtO
Potatoes, sks... 6,720 Quicksilver, flks. 322
Onions, sks 30 Leather, rolls... 157
Bran, ska 1.317jWine. gals 42.900
Middlings, sks.. 625'Brandy, gals 7.530
Hay. tons 5S7. Raisins, bxs.... . .'ft
Wool, bales 13' Paper, reams... 4<H)
Shorts, sks 115[Llme, bbls 452
Feed, sks 25i
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks... l,200|Bran. sks 3.200
Oats, ctls 950 Middlings, sks.. 519
Potatoes, sks ... 2.343! Shorts, sks 1.950
Onions, eks 500 Feed, sks .vsi
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr eks... 17,372'Bran, sks 8,977
Potatoes, sks... 192i
, Dealers quoted a very weak Butter market
yesterday. The weakness is due more to dull
ness In trade than to large receipts, for the
latter ore moderate at the moment. Most of
the depression Is" In the Marin Butter, as al
ready mentioned, as the Humboldt creameries
are holding up better. Stocks continue unev
enly distributed, half a dozen houses carrying
the lion's share of spot stock. These houses
are cutting quotations to work oft their sur
plus, but - contrary to the usual result the
lower quotations fall to stimulate trade.
There Is no change In Cheese, which contin
ues oterplentlful.
Eggs arrived more heavily, as will be seen,
and a lower market was quoted. Most deal
ers were letting their best ranch go at 60c,
and any tales over this figure were excep
tional.
Receipts were 20,200 Ib3 Butter, 720 cases
Efeg3 and 3S.C0O lbs Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery. 27%@29c for extras,
and 25@2»ic for seconds; dairy lSU24c; store
Butter. 17Vj@10c; cold storage. 24©2Cc; East
ern. 23©25c per lb.
CHEESE — 12@12%c for ;he general market.
13c for select mild new and 11©11%c for
lower grades: Young America*. 13©14c; East
ern 15%@l6%c; Western. 14015c Der lb.
EGGS— Ranch. 50@52c for choice and 45@
48o for small and mixed colors; store, nom
inal: cold storage. 2S(&32%c; Eastern, 26®2Sc
for cold storage.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Sen Francisco and vicinity — Fair Friday, be
coming cloudy at night; cooler; fresh easterly
wind. A. G. McADIE.
District Forecaster.
Nevada — Fair Friday
The winds are beginning to blow from the
east from San Francisco northward and con
ditions are becoming favorable for the ap
proach of a storm by Saturday.
The weather continues cool from the Sierras
to the Rocky Mountains and relatively warm
alcne the coast.
Forecast made at San Francisco' for thirty
hour* ending midnight, December 4:
Northern California— Fair Friday, becoming
cloudy along the toast: tule fog in the great
valleys: light northerly wind.
Southern California— Fair Friday; light
northerly wind.
An area of high pressure continues over ths
northwestern portion of the country- The pres
sure is beginning to fall along the Oregon
coast. No rain has fallen we»t of the Rocky
Mountains.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL. •
Wheat — . Dec. March. May.
Opening 6 4% 6 4% 6 3
Closing •. . . . 0 4 ''g 6 4% 6 3%
' . PARIS.
Wheat — Nov. Mar. -June.
Opening 20 7f 20 SO
Closing ....• 20 70 20 80
Flour —
Opening 28 70 28 C5
Closing 28 45 28 00
Eastern Livestock Market.
' CHICAGO. .
CHICAGO. D«c. 3. — CATTLE — Receipts. 12,
000. Steady. Good to prime steers, *5 20®
5 65; poor to medium. |3 .W«4 80; stockers and
feeders, (2®4 10; cown. |1 50@4; he.rers, ?2@
4 75; canners, $1 50®2 30; bulls, ?2@4 50;
calves, $2 COQO 80; Texas fed steeti, $3@3 75;
Western steers, $3@4 25.
HOGS — Receipts to-day, 2S.000; to-morrow,
18.000. Mostly 10c higher. Mixed and butch
ers', $4 i't'ffi 75; good to choice heavy, $4 C5
@4 75: rough heavy, $4 40@4 60; light, $4 35®
4 B5; bulk of sales, $4 50@4 65.
SHEEP— Receipts, 15,000; sheep and lambs,
steady. Good to choice mixed, |3@3 75; West
ern, sheep, J3©3 85; native lambs, $4@5 75;
Western lambs. $3 C0@5.
St. Louis Wool Market.
ST. LOUIS, Dec. 3.— Wool, dull. Medium
grades, combing and clothing. 17@21%c; light
fine, 15©17%c; heavy fine, 12®14%c.
* : _*
California Stock' and Oil Exchange
Al^'. t0 ? k - ZZ... A9k?d *
Apollo 42
Associated Trust Cert 19 20
Altec 80
California Standard. 11
Caribou P5 1 10
Central Point Con 63 ....
Chicago Crude 13 ....
Claremont 21 ....
Esperanza 150 ....
Four t$7 69
Fulton 4 50 ....
Giant 20
Hanford 130 ©O ....
Home 93 1 00
Imperial 13 00
Independence 18 17
Junction 19
Kern 5 00
Kern River 10 00 13 00
Lion ¦ C.1 ....
Monarch of Arizona 43 43
Monte Crlsto - 8O>
Occidental of W. Va 19 2O
Oil City Petroleum 27 - 28
Peerless 13 75 14 CO
Fittsburg 13 ....
Reed Crude (old) SO ....
S. F. and McKittrlcx 3 00 ....
San Joaquln O. and D 4 C> ....
Senator »:."> ....
Sovereign 3.4 ....
Sterling 2 W» ....
Superior C3 07
Thirty-Three 7 C.n 7 50
Toltec 20
Twenty-Eight 4 13 4 20
West Shore 2 90 ....
Associated Bonds '"¦' j
Reed Crude (new) 4 00 ....
Miscellaneous —
Abby Land and Imp I!W>
Alameda Sugar 2H CO
American Biscuit 95 Co
, American District Tel .... ....
Cal Gas and Electric Corp ....
Cal Cotton Mills SS 00
Cal Jockey Club Ifi5 0<»
Cal Shipping Co 20 00 27 on
Cal Title Ins aad Trust 13O 0«> 140 CO
Central Bank of Oakland M> CO
Chutes Company 7 73
Cypress Lawn Imp Co 8 25 , ....
Fischer' s Theater 2 00 2 23
Gas Consumers' Atsn C." .">•'•
Honolulu Sugar in Oi
Northern Cal Power ...'. 9 to
North Shore Railroad t
Orpheum Company '" IK cx>
Paolflc States Tel & Tel 113 CO
Parafflne Paint 3.J 09 ....
San Francisco Dryd^ck 47 »sO ....
Sanitary Reduction Works... 1 23 ....
Sausallto Land and Ferry... 1« UO ....
Sperry Flour Company 27 60 3O 00
Standard Electric WOO
Tesia Ccal Co 32 50
Truckee Electric 13 23 ' ....
Union Sugar . /. 22 SO ....
United Gas and Electric... 3-t 50 ....
SALES.
Morninz Session.
Board —
7000 Oil City Petroleum *7
10OO OH City Petroleum 2«
2000 Oil City Petroleum 23
100O Oil City Petroleum, s 00 23
SCO Chicago Crude 19
Afternoon Session.
10O Mont<» Crlato 75
2000 Oil City Petroleum 28
100O Oil City Petroleum 27
2000 Oil City Petroleum, s 00 25
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
The following were the sale3 on the San
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester
day *
Morning Session.
1000 Andes 2O 1 10O Overman .... 13
• 150 Andes ....... 19! 100 Potosl 14
10O Challenge Con 2* 1000 Potosi l.»
10O Chcllar 15 200 Savage U7
ICO C C & Va 1 20 300 Savage 3»
200 Crown Point.. 20 ICO Sierra Nevada ."U
400 Crown Point.. 21 • 10O Sierra Nevada &l
100 Gould & Cur. 34 40O Silver Hill... 7*
110O Justice 14 40o Silver Hill... 7.".
200 Mexican 1 10 ltson silver Hill... 73
10O Mexican 1 C3i SCO Union Con... 64
CCO Ophir 2 15
Afternoon Session.
5C0 Andes IS) 1C0 Gould A Cur. 37
300 Belcher 26 2W> Ophir 2 10
COO Caledonia 85I 70O Overman .... 1*
S0O Caledonia .... Ml T.0O Overman .... IS
100 Challenge Con 2«| 20O Savage 37
»») CO* Va.....l 15] 1W Sierra Nevada 51
SCO Con Imperial. 01: 2C0 Union Con 62
300 Gculd & Cur. ::»'.' 2C0 Yellow Jacket .29
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
The following were the- sales on the Pacifto
Stock Exchange yesterday.
Morning Session.
200 Andes 21 j 200 Ophir 2 20
60O Andes 2O l<*> Ophir 2 IS
1C0 C C & Va..l 20 | H"0 Ophir U 12 ; o
ICO C C & Va..l IS 2T-0 Savaga .... 37
50i> Con Imp. . . . 04 I 20O Savage 38
2»K> Crown Point 1!> f 5"O Seg Belcher 1 1
PTO Exchequer . 13 ! POO Sierra Nev. 5.T
COO Gould & Cur 37 | SCO Sierra Nev. 52
4<*> Gould & Cur 3* : 20O Sierra Nev. 3<>
10CO Julia «•» I 2<JO Silver Hill.. 7»
21C0 Justice .... 13 200 Union Con.. »H
40(> Justice .... H 2CO Union Con.. 6.T
100»> Kentuck ... 03 2i>O Union Con.. «2
1C0 Mexican ...1 13 100 Yellow Jack ."*
SCO Mexican ...1 12% 200 Yellow Jack ::2
SCO Mexican ...1 10 2i!O Yellow Jack 31
Afternoon Session.
200 Belcher 2* 1 5CO Potosl 14
10»> Caledonia .. 90 100 Savage .... .".7
200 Chollar 14 500 Savage M
200 C. C & Va..l 15 3Po Sierra Nev. M
3CO Gould & Cur j .".00 Sierra Nev. .'>.•
100 Mexican ...1 03 400 Sierra Nev. 54
500 Mexican ...I 07% 3IX> Union Con.. «2
2OO Mexican ...1 12%! 30O Unfon Con.. »H
.".CO Mexican ...1 15 1 2CO Yellow Jack 29
ICO Ophir 2 10 I
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Th<« following were the tales on th« Saa
Francisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yes
terday:
Morning Ses3ion.
ICO Mont Ton...l 27K.;rMV> Trni Belmont.. SO
100 New Ycrk Ten or. 4CO Tm N Star 3.
5C0 South Eureka. C8
Afternoon Session.
COO Ton & Cal 21 5«> Ton N Star.... 40
CLOSING QUOTATION S.
THURSDAY. Dec. 3— 4" p. m.
. Bld.Ask. Bld.Apk.
Alpha Ort OS Julia wi otf
Mta .....'. W 04 Justice'...... t.i i.i
A»de« l« 19 Kentuck ..... 04 P.%
BeWier •'• » 30 Keyes —ISO
Best t Belch I *O 2 2:»lMexlcan 1 10 1 13
!s, a -:::: S S5Sr en !'!.::: 2^ 2^
§Ks£ » ii-ro^.:::: It it
Svu^i^Sn-::::: g; 2
Con Imperial. Oc; 04 Se S Belcher.. «) 11
1 Con N York.. !•"> —Sierra Nev... M 5."
jCoVnplt.. 1» 20 Silver Hill.... 70 72
Fureka Con.. — 50 ?t Louis — 10 '
Fxchequer ... 1+ 1-> Syndicate .... M ««
Gould & fur. ."7 3D.Untoii Ccn «: fit
Hale & Norc. 5» 3". Utah .... 17 i:»
Lady Wash... — 04|Yellow Jacket 2S CO
TONOPAH MINES.
| . Bid.Ask.i Bid. Ask.
I Esperanza ... — Belmont. 70 7n
I Hannapah ... — 10; Ton A Cal... 21
MacNamara . 11 t.JJTon of Nev. .5 00- 6 0*»
i Montana Ton. I 35 1 75: Ton jj Star.. 38 aft
New York Ton — 05 Ton Midway. SS .13
Paymaster .. 03 — ',Ton S Lake.. — 5o
Kee.cue 03 07, United Tan... •« '¦*
Internal Revenue Collections.
' The collection" of internal revenue in the
San Francisco <Jinrlrt daring the month of
November wtre a« follows:
XJtts $ 2.74O 91
B»-er stamps 56.05S W»
Spirit Btamr* 132,:»«7 :»
Cigar ard cigarette stamp? Z\,T>M 78
Tobtceo *tan'.p8 1 .857 2«i
Fpecial tax rtamps 4.MG 94
Flaying card «tamp» 50 30
Documentary t-tarr.ps 1 50 ¦
Total $220,927 54
The collections U*t menth showed a gain of
f«2,M.1 over November. l»02. In that month
th» collection* were *17S.41*.
Money, Stocks and Trade.
A LUCID REVIEW OF THE CURRENT
BUSINESS SITUATION.
The New York circular or Henry Clews say*:
¦"Thank^siving hclldajs naturally tended to re
rtrk-1 etock market operations, but In spite
of this conf.drnte i? rising and a better under
tone pervade* the "street.' This no doubt Is
partly due to manipulation; yei a m- nth ago
renditions would not have permitted such ma
nipulations, end the mere fact that they are
»vfn attempted demonstrates a change of feel
ing and Judgment ameng those behind the
•"The mc»t noteworthy feature in the mar
ket «u the differentiation between railroad
#harr» and the industrials; the latter being
«rrk and irregular, while the former *vere
generally strong and scored unexpected recov
eries. Af already intimated in these advices,
this was the inevitable result of exhausted
liquidation and improved financial condition?.
The whole trouble had ct-ntered in Wall street,
ar.d any Improvement there was certain to be
reflected in values of securities having intrinsic
merit behind them. It is quite likely that
th» bull contincent seixed the -flr*t opportu
nity fcr lifting the market — an opportunity
long detired: and there Is no doubt they haJ
th» moral if not the actual «upi>ort of bie
banking interests who have large amounts of
desirable new issues which they expect to float
very shortly.
¦•In this connection it is wcrth noting that
the rtilroad Fituatlcn continues very patisfac
tOT- Earnings ere larger than previous ban
ner \ears. and many of the well-known roads
• r* earning rr.uch in excess of present divi
dends. One thing is as sure as any business
cccfiition can be. and that i« that there will
be no reduction in the dividends qf the well
e*tabllsbed and well-iracag*d railroads, the
margin of profit being already so ample that
a moderate contraction of expenses or im
provements will insure the etablllty of divi
dends. In many instances the enormous out
lay* for reconstruction, etc.. paid out of
earnings will soon rease altogether, and this
may result In bringing some of the non-dlvi
der.d payer* Into the regular dividend list.
Such tact* a* these have been temporarily lost
•ight of in the f.ocd cf disaster and despond
ency which nwept through the Stock Exchange
during th^ closing year.
POOR CONDITION" OF INDUSTRIALS.
"Unfortunately the same cannot be said of
the industrials. They are not as a rule in the
strong financial and physical condition of the
railroad*. Handicapped by overcapitalization
and bed financing, they are in poor position
to face any decided ehrir.kage in profits. Of
course this if nothing new, and has long
been foreseen. In the case of steel the Inev
itable hai> already happened, and it remains to
be seen how other industrials will weather the
•term when it comes. Fortunately these, ee
ruritieii are chiefly in the hands of their crea
tor*. They have not been very successfully
unloaded upon the dear public. Commlsslon
hcuse* are practically bare of euch etocke, and
the backs accerit them as collateral to a very
limitr-d extent. It follow*, therefore, that any
Fhrink&ge in these must have a limited market
effect, considering their volume; the railroad
list having already declared it*, independence
r>t the industrials. Such lOFses. as already
eatd. rr.uft fall most heavily upon the original
huidera. seme of whom have failed to eecure
profit* once possible, and some who have
been cbllge-d to sacrifice gilt-edged securities
to meet their obligation* connected with ln
duttrUls.
"This !a*t sort of liquidation, however. Is
about ever, and It :* qufte likely to appear
that the stock market has overdiscounted the '
industrial ultuation, especially In view of Hie
fact that there is no business reaction of im
portance yet lr sight. Induetry has simply
reached the toi» wave; it cannot plunge clear
to the tottom in a few short months, and the
<1<-clln» will be gradual. A# in the rase of
the- eteel trade, price concession* will develop
new ojder* held back fur just »uch opportu
nities Should labor follow a prudent aod
reasonable ixi'foy. accepting Its *hare of the
inevitable reaction, the consequences will Ijc
• ley* *eriou* to all concerned and should re
»ult in continued prosperity upon a more mod
erate and rwrmanent basis that lately experi
enced. Next year rhould find us upon more
folid ground than in 1!K(2 or 190C?.
MONETARY OUTLOOK.
"Tne monetary outlook 1*. growing more fa
vorable. Preparations for the $50,000,000 Pan
*ir.3 canal payment, of course, exert an im
portant effect upon the international exchanges,
and are likely to materially check gold Im
ports, which thus far have aggregated about
#9.0<J0.0«t. No nerious <li*turbance to the
money market re*d be expected (unless imme
diate payment is required, which is Improb
efc!f). for the rer«on tfcaf the bulk of this
nicney t.111 be taken from the Treasury and
not from the bank*, also the fact that bank
ers have been accumulating exchange in an
t'.r!ps«ion of thi* payment to an extent that
¦will render transfer easy. Fund* will noon
be returning from the Interior, end our credits
abroad have b*c;) materially sirengtheneG by
heavy cotton shipments. Preparations for Jan
uary disbursements may cause some tempo
rary FtrJngrnc y, especially If the canal pay
ment* oc-cur at the same time, but after these
• re passed the local money market chould be
In a safe and comfort&ble oopition.
"There are now two distinct parties on the
Stork Exchanre — one bulltth on railroad*, and
another bearish en the Industrial*.. Whether
*uch oppntint conditions will stimulate ac
tivity or not remelns to be wen. Much, no
doubt, will depend upon the Northern Securities
drcfsicn from the United States Supreme
Court. «rhlch U expected next month."
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was firm; creamery, 16<i?25c; dairy,
14tfr21c. Eggs, ea§y, 23©25c. Cheeae, firm,
10Q10%c. v "
Pocatello 30.52 34 IS SW Clear .00
Point Reyes ..29.97 62 51 E Clear .00
Independence .30.12 f»S 40 NW Clear .00
Los Angeles ..29.94 70 42 W Clear .00
Mt Tamalpais.30.01 56 " 4S NE Clear .00
Phoenix 29. SO 72 40 W Clear .CO
Portland 30.2S 50 32 NE Clear .CO
Red Bluff 30.04 66 50 N Clear .00
Roseburg 30.18 50 3S E Clear .00
Sacramento ... '50.04 54 4» SE Clear .00
Salt Lake 30.42 34 24 NW Clear .00
San Francisco.30.<*l 04 4S E Ckar .00
S. L. Objspo. .20.9S fiS 3tf S Clear .00
San Diego ....29.90 <i4 50 NW Clear .00
Seattle 30.40 46 30 NW Clear .00
Spokane 30.02 34 24 NE Clear .00
Tatoosh 30.22 46 42 E Pt.Cldy .<»
Walla Walla.. 30.5S 3S 30 SW Clear .00
Winr.emucca .30.44 38 10 NE Clear .00
yuira 29.00 74 50 N Clear .00
¦ Articles — Receipts. Shipment*.
Flour, barrels 30.600 11.800
Wheat, bushels 135.400 219,700
Corn, bushels' 168,100 3S0.400
Oats, bushels :...187.100 161,700
Rye. bushels ............ 9,600 4,900.
Barley, bushels S4.60O ' 60,300
GAME — Mallard Ducks ?4<j?3 50 per dozen:
Canvasback. $4@7; Sprig. $3(34 50; TeaU $3;
Widgeon $2 fiO^C; small Ducks, $1 75©2;
Gray Geese. $3<fT3 50: White Geese. $1@1 50:
Brant. $1 f>0-for small end $2 50 for large;
Honkers. $5 for large and $4 for small; Eng
lish Snipe. $3: common Snipe $1 75; Wild
Doves. ?1: Rabbit?.- 12 for Cottontails and
$1 25 for finish; Hare. $1 50.
POULTRY — Dressed Turkeys, 25i@2Sc per lb;
live Turkeys, 21@2.".c per lb; Geese, per pair,
$1 75@2: Goslingp. $2(^2 25; Ducks, $5®6 ner
dozen for old and ?6^7 for young; Hen«. $5®
5.50 for' small and $6®R 50 for large: young
Roosters. 5 50@G 50: old Roostors, $5@5 30.
Fryers. f>S?5 50; Broilers. *4 50@r> for large and
$3 5C(p4 for smatl: Pigeons, $1©1 25 per dozen
for old and ?2(g2 25 for Squabs.
The demand for Game continued brisk and
although the receipts were heavy there was a
general advance in prices of wild Ducks.
The Poultry market' was heavily supplied
and weak. Two more cars of Western came
In. making six for the current week and . the
receipts of domestic, stock were unusually
heavy. The demand was light for all descrip
tions'and there was quite a surplus unsold
at the close, i Turkeys were In small supply
and steady for both live and dressed stock.
Fifteen cases of dressed were received.
Poultry and Game.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 6%®
7c Der lb; White Lead. 6%@7c. according to
quantity.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb. In 100-!b bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.65c;
Powdered. 5.50c; Candy Granulated. 5.50c; Dry
Granulated, fine. 5.40c; Dry Granulated, coarse.
5.40c; Fruit Granulated. 5.40c; Beet Granu
lated (lOO-'b bags only), 5.20c: Contectloners'
A. 5.40c; Magnolia A. 5c; Extra C. 4.90c;
Golden C, 4.S0c; "D," 4.70c; barrels,- 10c more;
half barrels, 25c more: boxes, SOc more; 50-lb
bags, 10c more for all kinds. Tablets — Half
barrels. 5.»Oc; boxes. 6.15c: H. & E. Crystal
Domino-". S.40c per lb. No orders taken for
less than seventy-five barrels or Us equivalent.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal OH In bulk.
15%c: Pearl OH In cases, 22c; Astral. 22c;
Star, 22c: Extra Star, 26c; Elaine, 23c; Eocene.
25c; deodorized Stove Gasoline, in bulk,' 17c;
In cases, 23%c; Benzine. In bulk. 13c; In cases.
19%c; SB-degree Gasoline. In bulk. 21c; In
cases, 27 %c.
TURPENTINE^ — SOc per gallon in cases and
74c in drums and iron barrels.
BAGS— Grain Bates, SG5%c; San Quentln.
B.65c; Wool Bags, 32335c; Fleece Twine, 7%©
8c; Cotton Fruit Bags. 6%c. «%c and 7%c for
the three grades; Brown Jute. 6%©7%c.
COAL— Wellington. 18 per ton; -New Wel
lington, $8; Seattle. $6 60; Bryant. $e 50; Bea
ver Hill, «3 50: Standard. $7; Roslyn, $7; Cooj
Bay. $5 50: Greta. $7; Wallsend. $7; Rich
mond. $7 50; Cumberland, $13 In bulk an.I
*14 25 in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg.
$14; Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13; Welsh Lump.
$11 60; Cannel. $8 50 per ton: Coke. $11 50-^
13 pe'r ten in bulk and $15 in sacks: Rocky
Mountain descriptions. $11 45 per 200O Iba and
$12 80 per lonr ton, according to brand.
OILS— Quotations are for barrels; for cases,
add 5c. Linseed. 45c per gallon for boiled and
43c for raw; Castor OH. In cases. No. 1, 70c;
Bakers' AA, $1 10®l 12; Lucol. 44c for boiled
and 42c for raw; China Nut. 55Q70C per gallon;
Cocoanut Oil. in barrels. 58c for Ceylon and 55c
for Australian; extra bleached winter Sperm
Oil. 80c; natural winter Sperm Oil. 75c; extra
bleached winter Whale Oil, 65c; natural Whale
Oil, tiOc; extra winter Strained Lard Oil. R5c;
No. 1 Lard Oil. 75c; pure Neatsfoot Oil. 73c;
No. 1 Neatsfoot Oil, 65e: light Herring Oil.
45c; dark Herring OH. 43c: Salmon Oil. 38c:
boiled Fish OH, 40c; raw Fish OH. 3Sc; boiled
Paint Oil. :15c; raw Paint OH. 33c.
General ' Merchandise.
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
firm; No. 3 spring wheat, 80@S2c: No. 2 red.
S4H@Nti%c: No. 2 corn. 42%c: No. 2 yellow,
46®4«%c; No. 2 oats, 35%c; No. 3 white, 35%
©37c; No. 2 rye, 67 %c; good feeding barley,
31@35c; fair to choice malting, 42@58c; No. 1
riaxseed, Ulc; No. 1 Northwestern. 97%c; prime
timothy iKd, $2 85; mesa. pork, per bbl,
$11 37%@11 50; lard, per 100 lbs, $6 52%@
6 65; short ribs sides (loose), $6 25@6 QB%;
short clear sides (boxed). $0 12% @6 25; whle
ky, basis of high wines, $1 27; clover, contract
grade, $11.
Shipment of $88,167 in specie to Hongkong.
Considerable Gold coming into port from Japan.
Hall street stocks buoyant and rather higher.
Local securities continue dull and uninteresting.
Silver loner again. Exchange rates unchanged.
Wheat futures rising. Barley a fraction higher.
Oats steady, Corn zceak and Rye dull.
Heavy receipts of Bran from the north. Middlings firm.
Hay in satisfactory demand at unchanged quotations.
Increasing activity and steadiness reported in Beans.
Butter depressed and very dull. Eggs lower. Cheese weak.
Hams and Bacon declined j^c, with the market very dull.
Lardav.d barreled Beef and Pork uncluingcd.
Sale of Coast Hops for Belgium. Market firm.
Cattle, Sheep and Hogs as before.
Potato market overloaded with lozc-grade stock.
Poultry in heavy supply and weak. Game active and higher.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits quiet and featureless.
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 8—
Dec. (new) 81% 82 81% Sl'i
May 80% 81% $0% 81%
July 75i$ ;c% - 75% 70%
Corn No. 2 —
December ...... 42% 42*» 42>i 42%
May 42% 43% 42? 8 .• 42%
July 40^ 42%- 42 Vi ' 42%
Oats No. 2—
December ....... 85V4 35% 35% S5%
May.. .;. a« 30% 35% 36%
July 33V4 33% 33% 33*8
Msss Pork, per bbl —
January 11 05 11 05 11 00 11 00
May .1135 11 37% 11 30 1132%
Lard, per 100 lbs —
January o 47% 6 50 6 45 6 45
May ........... (j 62% 6 55 8 50 6 62%
?Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
January' 5 oo 5 92% 5 87% 5 80
May . 6 07% 6 10 0 05 6 07%
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered in San Francisco, less 60
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE — Steers, SiSBc; Cows and Heifers.
7®Sc; thin Cowa 4@5c per lb.
CALVES — l@4%c per lb (gross weight).
8HEEP— Wethers 3%©4c; Ewes. 3K©3%c
per lb (gross weight).
'LAMBS — l%@5c- per lb.
HOGS— Live Hogs i 140 to 180 lbe. 5Hc; over
180 lbs. 5c: Sows. 20 per cent off: Boars. SO
per cent ¦ off. and Stags, 40 per cent off from
above quotations.
li\t:stock market.
BEEF — 6%©7%c for Steers and 4%®6c per
lb for Cows.
VEAL— Large. 8S9c; small. 9®9%c p«r lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 8ff8%c; Ewes. 8©8%o
per lb.
LAMB— 0%©10c per lb.
PORK— Dressed Hogs. 7%©9c per lb. ,
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to deal
ers are as follows:
DRESSED MEATS.
' The demand and supply about balance and
quotations remain unchanged.
Meat Market.
Wisconsin Central. 500 17 hi 16% }£%
WIs Central pfd...- UOO 3S 3.V* :<itht
Express Companies —
Adams 22O ,
American •••- 184
United States 100 101 101 101
Wells-Fargo 1W
Miscellaneous —
Amalgamated Cop.. 41.700 41?; AO\b 41Vi
Am Car & Fndry.. 1,200 1U«4 10 18 'A
Am Car & F pfd... 100 015 66 C5Mi
Am Linseed Oil 100 » 0 '" 9>4
Am Lin Oil pfd 200- '2H'A 28*4 27^
Am Locomotive 1,300 15',i 15 15>i
Am Locomotv pfd. . ' ' .". 76Vi
Am Smelt & Ref... ,6,400 47 41! - 4l>%
Am S & R pfd..... 700 S8T, S7& 88%
• Am Sugar Ref...'.. 12,100 125*4 124H IW*
Anaconda Min Co.. 400 CO CS*4 CS%
Brooklyn Rat> Trn.. 77,300 45*6 44% 44fy«
Colo Fuel & Iron... 2,000 IS) 2tf?i 27%
Columb & H Coal.. 300 11>4 11 11
Consolidated Gas.. 800 179 J'SJa 179
General Electric... 2,000 100 157 15t»%
International Paper .... . 1H&
Internl Paper pfd.. 800 CO 62;i. 02
International Pump 'TV; .• 30
Internl Pump pfd t$8
National Biscuit 300 35% 35% 3G
National Lead 300 14 l'S% 14t£
North American... 400 73% 75% 74*/a
Paciflc Mall..' 800 27*5 27 27V*
People's Gas 8,300 98}i>.95H 95%
Preta?d Steel Car.. 1,700 2S 24% 27%
Prsd Steel Car pfd. 300 CS 67 67
Pullman Pal Car 213
Republic Sttel GOO 6% C% 6% i
Republic Steel pfd. 2.700 42 ' 39Y*. 42% I
Rubber Goods 900 10 15>4 1RV,
Rubber Goods p'd .. 900 73 70% 72V4
Tenn Coal & Iron.. G.000 32% 30 32Vt
U S Leather..: 1.000 7^i 7% 7',i
U S Leather pfd... 600 7C% 76 76V«
U S Rubber 500 10 9% 8%
U S Rubber pfd... 500 39% 39% 39 Vi
U S Steel 63.500 11% 11 11%
U ii Steel pfd 79,000 54% B2% 54%
Wfst-rn Union 600 SS}4 87% 88Vi
Total sales... ¦..940,900 shares. J
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK. Dec. 3.— Rond transactions of
Lmted Railroads of San Francisco: 10,000 at
*i6. ¦ . .
NEW YORK BONDS.
US ref 2s. reg.,105% L & N unified 4s." 8fi«
Do coupon 106 {Man con cold 4s. 102
Do 3». reg ....107 Mex Ont 4s 73
Do coupon 106 Do 1st inc 1C%
Do new 4s reg.l33%'Mlnn & St L 4s. 8S
Do coupon ....133% M, K & Tex 4a.. »8%
Do old 4s reg.,109 | Do 2ds ...^ 75-V
r^ 1 •^•JI?J|nR ot Mex con 4s 76%
Do 5s reg lOlUiv y C een 3U« co.v
At?h -n^ •-iK^c'en S!?~£8
Atlantic C Line 4s 93 | v^* w"^n"i" I?—
Bal & Ohio 4s 10O». Nor & w °° n 4 '- °' ( '^
Do ,3«T 947- O S L 4s & partic. 02%
Central' of CtoiiCimJS a " nv 3^s.... 05%
Do 1st inc .... 66 |? e T a(S i n f f, en 4b V 96%
Ches & Ohio 4%s.l01 f L & L^L 0 ? 11 ? 3 - 1 il V *
Chi & Alton :<Us. 7 U| s L & S F fg 4s. 85
C. B & Q new "4s. 93 st Louis SW lsts. 91%
C. M & S Pgn 4s.H0 Seaboard A L 4*. 71
Chi & NW con 7s 130% So Pac 4s 86^
C. R I & Pac 4s. 70 So Ry 5s 112%
Do col 5s. 75% Tex & Pac lsts..H5
C.C.C & SL gen4s 95 T. St L & W 4i. <VJ
Chi Term 4s 76 Union Pac 4s 102%
Cons Tobacco 4s. 56%| Do conv 4a .... (H%
Colo & So 4s 84 US Steel 2d 5s.. 70
Den & Rio G 4s. 00%!Wabash lsts lT:i%
Erie prior lien 4s. S9V 4 Do deb B ..... 60%
Do ren 4s S4% W & L Erie 4s.. 8rt>4
F W & D C lsts.103 Wis Cent 4s 80&
Hock Val 4%s...l(K)^; Colo Fuel con 5s. 6S
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con lOILittle Chief 06
Alice 13 Ontario 6 f)0
Breece 1H Ophir 140
Brans Con 03 Phosnlx .........' 02
Com Tunnel .... 1 15 Potosl 22
Con Cal & Va... 1 OOiSavage i .45
Horn Silver 1 OO'Sierra Nev 50
Iron Silver 1 3Tij Small Hopes .... 15
Leadville Con ... 02. Standard 2 00
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — Westlnghse Com.. 71
Call ltana 5%@S Mining-
Time loans ...5%©6% Adventure 3Vi
Atchison 4s 99V 4 Allouez 4\\
Mexican Cent 4s.. 69 Amalgamated ... 41%
Railroads— Daly West 35%
Atchlaon 67% Bingham 21
Atchison pfd 91% Calumet & Hecla.4:i5
Ik stun & Albany.247 Centennial 15%
Boston & Maine. .109 Copper Range 43 : <i
Boston Elevated. 140 Dominion Coal..: 72%
N Y, N H & H..106% Franklin 7%
Fltchburg pfd.... 135 Isle Royale ....... «%
Union Pacific... 70% Mohawk ...37
Mexican Central.. 10 \' t Old Dominion.... 9
Miscellaneous — Osceola 67
American Sugar.. 125 Parrot 18%
Am Sugar pfd... .121% Quincy 82
Am Tel & Tel... 127% Santa Fe Copper. 1%
Dom Iron & Steel. 9 Tamarack ..'..... 85
General Electric. 158 Trinity ." 1%
Mass Electric 21% United States 18%
Mus E!ec pfd... 7S Utah 28H
United Fruit 99 Victoria 2%
IT S Steel 11% Winona 7%
U S Steel pfd 54% Wolverine 65
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Con for money... 89 N Y Central ....121%
Con for account.. S9Vi Norf & Western., 59%
Anaconda 3% Do pfd 89
Atchison 09% Ontario & West. 21%
Do pfd 94^4 Pennsylvania .... 50%
Bait & Ohio 8<» Rand Mines 9;' 8
Canadian Paciflc. .122% Reading ... 22
Ches & Ohio .... 32% Do 1st ofd .... SO
Chi G Western ... 16 Do 2d Dfd .... 30
Chi Mi! & St P.. 144% Southern Ry 21
DeBeers '20% Do pfd 81%
Denver & R G... 22% Southern Pac .... 47%
Do pfd 71 Union Pacific ... 77%
Erie 28% . Do pfd W»
Do 1st pfd «»V4 U S Steel 11%
Do 2d pfd, 50% Do pfd ........ 54% I
Illinois Centre!... 1T!% Wabash 20%
Louis & Nash;... 110% Do pfd 37
Mo Kan & Texas. 18% '¦
Bar silver, uncertain. 26Ud per ' ounce. {
Money. 3% per cent. The rate of discount In I
the open market for short bills is 4 per cent, !
and for three months' bills is 3 15-16@4 per
cent. . >•< ; 'v:>
• Nczv York Grain and Produce., .
NEW YORK, Dee. 3.— FLOUR— Receipts,
1 22.500 barrels; exports, 17,500 barrels; fairly
active.
WHEAT— Receipts. 104,800 bushels; exports,
8C00 bushels: spot. fl:m; No. 2 red, S9%c »le- :
vator: No. 2 red, 00%c afloat;- No. 2 Northern
Duluth, U2%c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Mani
toba, nominal f. ,o. b. afloat. Options wtre
fairly active and strong all day. , led by De
cember, in which month shorts were .hnavy
buyers owing to light stocks. The market
closed T;®l%c higher: May, 84V4**$5 3-lBc,
closed 8".%c; July closed 81%c; December
closed «9%c.
HOPS— Steady.
HIDES— Steady.
WOOL— Firm.
COFFEE — Spot Rio, "flrm: No. 7 Invoice, 6c:
mild, firm: Cordova. 7%«T12%c. Futures opened
active and llrm at an advance of 5(f 15 points,
following firm cables and 'small receipts. Dur
ing most of the day prices lluctuated around a
level net 15 to 25 nolrts higher, but toward
the close the market eased off a little under
continual realizing and was finally steady 10©
20 r>olnts higher. Sales were 292,000 bags, the '
largest yet reported. December. • 6.20(2 6.30c ;:
January. 6.30<56.10c: February, 0.40c; March,
6.55fi«.8Cc; May. «.S0@7c; June, 6.S5c; July,
6.90ST7.05C: August, 7.05^7.10c; September,
7.10©7.30c; October. 7.1Oig>7.25c.
SUGAR— Raw. nominal; refined, quiet. .
DRIED FRUITS.'
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market is
quiet, with the better grades well maintained,
while prime and common are easy in tone.
Common are quoted - at 4@5c, prime at KU®
5%ci choice at 6%@6%c and fancy at 7c.
PRUNES — Continue quiet, but there is little
pressure from holders and values rule steady
at from 2»Ac to «%c for all grades., .v
APRICOTS — Are in limited demand, with
choice at 9<5»%c, extra choice at 9%@-10VJc
and fancy at 12015c.
PEACHES— Quiet; choice, 7@7%c; extra
choice. .7%@S'4c.
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. Dec. 3. — Tin was higher in
London, spot advancing 2s Cd to £119 2s Cd
and futures 5s to £120 7s 6d. In New York
tin was steady, but unchanged, at $25 80@26.
Copper advanced 2s 6d In London, with «pot
quoted at £55 2s 6d and futures at £54 13s.
Locally copper was more or less nominal. Lake, .
'$12312 37%; electrolytic, $12 12% and casting
$12." —
Lend was unchanged here at $4 25, but de
clined Is 3d in London, closing at £11 2s Cd.
Spelter was unchanged at £20 Is In. London
and aU45 25 In New York.
Iron closed at 4S# 6d ' In Glasgow and at 41s
4«Ad in Mlddletboro. Locally iron Is quoted
at"$15@l« for No. 1 foundry northern; $l4fti:>
for No. 2 foundry northern, and at $13 60®
14 for No. 1 foundry southern and No. 1 foun
dry southern soft. * -
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO, Dec. 3.— Influenced by some do
mestic news and buying by commission houses,
wheat started firm, with May a shade to Vic
higher at 80%@80%c. With only small offer
ings, there was a quick advance to/81%c.
Rumors that the big bull Interest was an.onon
Belter soon \ caused a slightly easier ' feeling,
but the market firmed up again wnen: It was
lfarned, that this 1 " name ' Interest :, was :' buy Ing
thmugn brokers.' Markets In . the . Northwest
shov/ed good sains < and • receipts were small,
which tended to help prices. .. During the lat
ter part cf the session buyers and shorts cov
ered freely. In response, to this demand prices
advanced rapidly. May selling uo to 81-uc.
¦ VEGETABLES— Green Peas. 2$4c per lb:
String Beans, 205c per lb; Wax, 2@ 5c; Lima
Beans. Sc per lb; Tomatoes, 25@75c per box
for bay and 50@75c per crate for Los An
geles; Summer Squash from Los Angeles, 509
65c per box; Cabbage, COc per ctl; Carrots. 75c
per sack: Cucumbers, %\<Q>\ 25 per box for bay
and fiO@75c for Los Anzeles; Garlic. 6®7c per
lb; Esg Plant. 10c oer lb: Dried Okra. 12»Sc
per lb; Green Peppers, 35<8G0c per box: Mush
rooms, 35@75c per drawer: Marrowfat Squash,
$8@10 per ton; Hubbard, $12.
ONIONS— $1@1 20 per ctl
The Potato market was heavily supplied
with low-grade stock, which lessened the sale
of superior quality offerings and the market
generally had an easy tone. Strictly fancy
Salinas Burbanks were firmly held, but were
inclined to drag. Strictly fancy lots of Oregon,
ex-steamer, sold at a silent advance, but for
the general run of offerings lc per pound was
the rulinc mice. ¦ A carload of I Sweets wa«
marketed late in the 'day and cleaned up
quickly at tlie recently advanced quotation.
Onions were In free supply and dragging.
Receipts of fresh Vegetables from the south
were liberal and choice offerings were in good
request at top rates. Carried-over stocks of
•Peas and -Beans were abundant and the quota
tions still . • had a wide range. Small con
signments of Egg Plant arrived from the
Ccachclla Valley and met with ready sale at
10c per pound. Los Anreles Tomatoes were
dull owing to. the abundance and low prices
of the Bay article. Poor quality lots of the
latter were offered as low as 15e per box, "but
found no buyers.
POTATOES— Burbankg from the river, C(M*
85c per ctl; Salina? Burbanks, $1®1 45 per ctl:
Oregon Burbanks. S5c®$l 10 per ctl: River
Reds. G0<Sj75c per ctl; Sweet Potatoes. $1 25
per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
665u;c for Eastern; Alfalfa. lljfMc: Raoe.
l^ff-^c: Timothy. &&C^4c; Hemp. SViiJ.IHc
per lb: Millet. SS^c; Broom Corn Seed. $20®
23 per. ton.
DRIED PEAS— Green, $1 S0Q2 per ctl.
There was some reaction late in the day. but
the clear- was strong, with May . up lV&c at
81%c. ¦ .. ¦¦ '
After opening i&c higher at 42%e, May corn
sold between 42 s 4@42 1 4c and 43@43 1 /B c, closlns
at 42%c. ¦'.... '
Light stocks and continued small receipts
with a good cash demand caused a bullish sen
timent amoner local traders In the oats pit.
May opened a' shade lower to a shade higher
at :J.*iT&®3Bc, sold between 35}(,c and 36%c and
closed at the top.
Provisions were steady early with the
strength of grains and at the higher prices at
the yards. The market reacted somewhat In
the day on profit-taking by local longs and the
market closed steady. January pork was up
12'.*c t . January lard was 5c higher at $0 45,
while rib3 were2%c higher at $5 00.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
$2 75 fcr large and $2(82 SO for medium. SI 2S
@1 75 for small and 50c for Colts; Horse
Hides, dry. $1 75 for large and $1 50 for me
dium,* $1@1 25 for small nnd 50c for Colts.
Buck Skins — Dry Mexican. 32c; dry salted
Mexican, 2Sc: dry Central American. 22c. Goat
Skins — Prime Angoras. 73c; large and smooth.
50c: medium. SOc; small. 20c.
TALLOW — No. t rendered. 4*$c per lb:
No. 2. 4c; grease. 2yi<g3c.
WOOL — Fall clip — San Joaquln Lambs*. &&
lie- Middle County. ll©12c: Northern Fre?,
110112c; Northern Defective, 10® lie: Humboldt
and Mendoctno 12014c; Nevada, 13@15c: Ore
gon fine 15019c; Oregon medium. 17c per lb.
HOPS— 10®22c per lb for California-
THE SAN: .FRANGISGO ; GALt, FRIDAY. '¦',. DECEMBER 4, 1903.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Hops continue .flrm" at the recent advance.
I Oregon reports n' sale of 80 bales for Bel
. glum, the first shipment to that country in
thirteen years. ¦
\ HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
• about l>jc under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers.' 9e; mertlnm, 8c; light. 7^c; Cow Hldra
7%c for heavy and 7^c for light; Stags 6c;
Salted Kip, flc; Salted Veal, 10c: Salted Calf
lOVi^llc; dry Hides. 15c; dry Kip, U3c; dry
Calf, lSe; Sheepskins, shearlings 25@30c each-
V short Wool, 40fi 60c each; Horse Hides, salt.
Hides, Talloih, Wool and Hops.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
14
AUCTION SALES
HORSES FOR EVERYBODY!
£r> 5^c» fe>
THIRD CONSIGNMENT FROM
CHURCHILL CO., YREKA.
AUCTION SALE of 10O HEAD unbrok*
mares and geldings weighing from lixio t o
13«>. consigned by CHURCHILL CO.. YREKA.
SISKIYOU COUNTY CAL.. from their well
know J. p.. c. B. and D. ranches. Thes«
horses are blocky built, have good feet ana
legs and win make good milk, express, deliv-
ery, bakery, grocery and general purposes
horses. They are very easily handled.
Farmers desiring horses to work or breed
should not miss this sale.
To be sold on
TUESDAY, Dec. 8, 1903,
At 11 A. M.. At
SALESYARD 1732 MARKET ST.. cor. V*a
Ness ave.. San Francisco.
Hcrsea at yard i Saturday. Dec 8.
FP.ED H. CHASE & CO..
(Successors to Klllip & Co.)
Livestock Auctioneers.
£» ANNUAL SALE OF £»
THOROUGHBRED YEARLIN6S
FROM
ANTBIM STOCK FAEJL
.Charles Kerr. Proprietor.
The grandest looking sons and daughter* of
Imp. Kismet. To El Rey. Herald, etc., out of
the dam« of more race winners than were ever
offered from this great farm; also the great
stallion Bright Phoebus. Sale takes place
MONDAY EVENINQ..DEC. 7, 1903
Commencing at 7:45 o'clock sharp, at
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE,
246 THIRD ST.. NEAJl FOLSOM.
. Catalogues ready. Horsee at salesyard.
WM. G. LAYNG. Livestock Auctioneer.TO SAIL.
Steamer. , Destination. | Sails. Pier.
December 4. |
Newburs/.. Grays Harbor .....I 4 pm Pier 10
QW Elder Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
December S. | |
Iaaua .'... Humboldt 2 pm|PUr 2
w Krucer Los Angeles Ports. 4 pm Pier 2.
•Rival Willapa Harbor ... 4 pm Pier 20
SwH n "\ &3£# Paiainal « "m pier
&•«&.. As-cria^PortUnd. 4 pm Pler 20
S. Monica.. Los Angeles Ports.. 4 pm Pier 2
8. Rosa..... San Diego A Way. « am Pier 11
Pomona Humboldt ......... 1 :30 p Pier 9
- December 7.
Chlco. .. .... Coqullle River .... « pm Pier 2
O.Llndauer. Astoria &' Portland 2 pm Pier 23
Bonita..... Newport. & Way... 9 am Pier 11
Curacao. . . . Mexican Ports ; ... 10 am Pier II
Umatilla. . . Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Phoenix.... Mendocino City.... 1 pmtPter 13
December 9. |
Columbia... Aitorla & Portland. 11 am Pier £4
Spokane..:. Humboldt ..:.:'.... 1:30 p Pier 9
Coronado... Loa Angeles Ports. 4 pm" Pier 10.
S. Barbara. Seattle & Olympla.i 4 pm Pier 10
:.; . .-•¦ ., ; DsjcexnVber 10. .-.
'Ventura....'. Sydney t-Way.... 2 pm Pier 7
J. Dollar... Seattle & Tacoma.. 10 am Pier 2
Arcata. .-. . . Coos B.-Pt. Ortord 10 am Pier 13
State Cal... 8an Diego * Way. 9 am Pier 11
December 11. -
' Rainier..... Seattle A Whateom 4 pm Pier 20
North Fork . HumtxSldt ......... 5 pm Pier 20
Coos Bay... San Pedro St Way. 9 am Pier 11
. . __ .. . December 12. ;
China...... China & Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
City Para... N. Y. via Panama 12. m Pier 40
Queen. ..... Pu*et Sound . Ports 11 am Pier • 9
- December 13. . | :
Alliance. ... Eureka & Coon B..[10 amlPlur 16
,y ;.. ¦-,.-..- :•¦ FROM SEATTLE^. ...
-Steamer. ' '. For ¦'.'; Sails.
Valencia...... Skasway & Way Ports. Dec 4
Bertha. Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Dec. 10
Cottage City. . Skagway & Way' Ports. DecMl
Fanta Ana. ... Cooks Inlet' & Way Pts. Dec* 16
Farallon.V.r. .rSkagway'ft Way Ports. Dec 17
Northern Business.
SEATTLE. Dec. 3.— Clearings. J75L959; bal
ances, $205,504.
TACOMA. Dec. 3. — Clearings, $307,661; bal
aares. «30.OC2.
PORTLAND. Dec 8.— Clearings, *C79,4S5;
balances, $76,060.
6POKANE. Dec *.— Clearings, $370,358; baJ
sncea, K32.&15.
Nortlurn Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLANT>. Dec. 3.— WHEAT— Walla Wal
la. 72c; Eluertetr. 77e: Valley, 7Sc.
The clearances of wheat from this port fcr
the week ending to-night were 142,391 bushels.
WASHINGTON*.
TACOMA. Dec 3— WHEAT— Unchanged-
BluoBtcm. 80c; Club. 76c.
BOSTON. Dec 3.— Tbe National Shawmut
Bank has increased the amount of its impor
tation of fold from 11.000,000 to $L50<),000.
It will all come to Boston. A small amount
came by the Ivernia to-day.
End of the Tidal Wave.
The old bark Tidal Wave, for years one
of the busiest and luckiest of vessels In the
coastwise trade. ha» been turned over to a
wrecking -concern to be broken up and disposed
of as Junk. Her last owner was J. C. Eschen,
and his action In having the old bark broken
up now Instead of keeping her In commission
until she roes to pieces, possibly at the cost
of much human life. Is highly commended In
the local marine world. 6he was built in
18© at Port Madison and her thirty-four years
of service kave been wonderfully clear of
mishap.
Exports for the North.
The steamer Senator called on Wednesday
for Victoria with an assorted merchandise
cargo conslrned to various British Columbian
ports, valued at $15,727, and including the
following: '
31.005 lbs dried fruit. 19.800 lbs raisins. 21.
794 lbs cofTee, 25.960 lbs malt, 6111 lbs hops,
20.050 lbs oil cake meal. :*03 gals wine. 9058
lbs nuts. 594 rkgs fresh fruit, 49 pkgs fresh
vegetables, 2087 lbs chocolate, 2380 Ids 15 ts
meals, 614 lbs cheese, 69 pkgs groceries and
provisions. 252 bxs paste, 250 lbs codfish, 17 ca
canned roods. 't»444 lbs beans, 25 Jackets
syrup. 200 lbs dry fish, 31 pk;r» drugs and sun
dries, 100 lbs bread, 6653 lbs soda, 50 cs sal
mon, 205 lbs ham, 404 lbs zinc, 1 bale dry
goods, 12 pkgs arms and ammunition, 3 bdls
leather, 11 pkgs paints and oils. 7 cyls gas, 1
pkg machinery. 12 pkgs electrical supplies.
•
Merchandise for the Orient.
The Japanese steamer Hongkong Maru
railed yesterday for Hongkong via Honolulu
and Yokohama, with a general merchandise
cargo, valued at $263,156, exclusive of treasure,
and distributed "as follows: For Japan. flOO.
800; China. $139,303; Manila. $7434; East In
dies. (2279; Korea, $1506; Vladivostok, $1740;
Slam, $504; Cape Town, South Africa, $500.
Tbe leading exports were as follows:
To China — 12,250 bbls flour. 272 pkgs fresh
fruits, 14.449 lbs beans, 1756 cs assorted canned
goods. 3896 lbs ginseng;, 120 gals wine, 1000
lbs bread, 1055 lbs raisins, 88 cs meals. 10
cs olives. 96 pkgs groceries and provisions,
15.258 lbs cheese, 3420 lbs codfish, 6331 lbs
ham and bacon. 3230 lbs 12 cs dried fruit,
40,200 lbs dried fish. 148,053 lbs shrimp shells,
12 cs honey, 500 lbs 3 cs candy, 306 cs table
preparations, 204 lbs butter, 0600 lbs pearl
barley, 2520 Iba lard, 28 s cs salmon, 900 lbs
peas. 3051 lbs coffee. 600 lbs hops, 2733 lbs
smoked meat, 10 crates onions, 2392 lbs to
bacco, 200 08 cigarettes. 1 cs cigars, 20 pkgs
oil, 1711 pigs lead.' 2 cs machinery. 11 pkgs
drugs and sundries, 151.. cs dry goods, 10 cs
electrical supplies, 102 bxs soap, 24 pkgs bicy
cles and eundrles. 10 pkgs leather, 1 pkg agri
cultural Implements. ";.
To Japan — 1770 bbls flour, 25 bales hay, 22
ctls oats. 40,370 lbs malt, 10.292 lbs dried
fruit. 209 cs assorted canned goods, 11 cs
bread, ,596 lbs cheese, 600 lbs 22 cs meals.
£8 pkgsi groceries and provisions. 4 cs candy,
43 pkgs fresh fruit. 2051 lbs butter, 16 cs
whisky, 600 lbs ralslne, 761 lbs coffee, 1650
lbs bam and bacon, 12 cs wine, 50 flasks qutck
rtlver, 12S4 rolls 8 pkgs leather, 4440 pigs
lead, 5 cs electrical supplies, 226 pkfffl bicy
cles and sundries, 1052 bales cotton, 109 rolls
felt. 21 bales scrap leather. 130O lbs gait
hides, 18 pkgs machinery. 256 bxs. eoap. 29
cs drugs and sundries, 2035 lbs tan, bark. 13
cs paints. - v ¦
To Manila; — 800 '¦ cs - condensed - milk, 50 cs
honey. 40 cs liquors, 15 ce wine,' 6815 lbs gin
cose, 2 cs leather, 8 cs dry goods, 1 cs rubber
roods, 11 cs typewriters, 13 pkgs hardware, 1
pkg agricultural implements, 10 cs axle grease,
2 cs bicycle goods, 4 cs gas fixtures, 1 os elec
trical supplies. ittitj nUiTflnl »»liln 1 1 ..„
To East ' Indies — 875 . cs canned . goods, 8670
lbs 2 cs dried fruit. 10 cs salmon, 8 cs nuts.
- To Korea — IS pkgs machinery, 1 bale rubber
belting. * - T
To Vladivostok — 110 tons salt, 5 cs- canned
goods, 3875 lbs dried fruit. 150 lbs raisins.
To Slam— 3 cs hardware.
lightship Orewr Shows Gratitude.
Tbe people stationed on the Umatilla lljrht
ship at Tatoosh have presented ' to Captain
Charles "Hall of the collier Edith a bandsomei
meerschaum pipe. The trtft waa a token of
the isolated colony's appreciation of Capt*m
Hall's kindness In delivering the lightship
mail which he does every trip, unless the
weather Is too boisterous. The pipe Ir too
handsome to smoke and Captain Hall values
it at more than the 9100 his friends on • tbe
UmatiUa paid for It. .
The p-verdu© List.
The rat» of reinsurance on overdue "vessels"
was quoted j-eetexday as follow*: Derwfnt,
10 per cent; Larlicr. 30 per cent; Fifeshlre,
60 per cent; Paris. -65 per cent: Talca, 20 per
cent; Michele Bianchl. 10 per cent; Thalia, 00
per cent: La Bruyere, 30 per cenx; ¦ Beechdale,
15 ¦ per cent. ¦ •• > ... - •
Shipping Intelligence.
.ARRIVED.
\ Thursday, December 8.
Ptmr Redondo, Kroc, 21 hours from Eureka;
up.rlvtr direct. >, >
Stmr G C Llndauer, Allen, 3 days from As
toria. ¦ - ¦ ¦ ¦.-¦,.. - .
Stmr Edith, Hall. 10S hours from Seattle.
Stmr . Iaqua, . Jcrgenaon, 21 hours from Eu
reka; ud river direct.' ••
¦ Stmr - Umatllla, Nooander, . 61 hours - from
Victoria. ¦ . . - , : . •.• j ¦
Stmr Prentlas, Ahlstrom, 25 hours from Eu
reka ; - bound south ; put Into land passengers.
Stmr Santa Rosa,* Alexander, 41 ' hour* from
Ean Dleso. • ' . .
Is Still at Valparaiso.
The French bark -Helene Blum, bound here
from'Leith. and which put into Valparaiso to
Special preparations are being made
for the exhibition of paintings to be
held by the Bohemian Club on Decem
ber 8. Some of the best work of local
artists will be shown. The exhibition
•will be strictly private and only those
who possess an invitation can gaze on
the ma5terp!ces. Charles J. Carlson,
the well known artist, will have four
oil paintings on the walls. They will
be a study of an old man, a study of
a boy, "A Bohemian Girl" and a por
trait of the late Mrs. Elizabeth P.
Carlson.
Bohemian Club Art Exhibition,
¦- TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.; From. 1 Due.
i Del Norte:... Crescent City ...|Dec.-4
Point Arena.. Mendocino * Pt. Arena (Dec. 4
1 Chico Ccquille River .;|Dec 4
Abydos Hamburg & Way PortsjDec. 4
M. Dollar..... Portland & "Astoria....! Dec. 4
Pomona I Humboldt |Dec. 4
Bonlta... Newport & Way Ports. (Dec. 4
W. Kruger... Tacoma |Dec. 5
R. Dollar. .. . . San Pedro (Dec. 5
Phoenix Mendocino-. [Dec. -6
Leelanaw Tacoma Dec. 6
Axtec Tacoma [Dec. 6
Chchalls...... Grays Harbor Dec. B
S.Monica.... Grays Harbor Dec 6
Columbia .... Portland & Astoria.... Dec. ¦ 6
J Dollar.' . • . Seattle t Tacoma Dec 6
Spokane Humboldt Dec. 7
Rainier Seattle & Whateom Dec. 7
State of -Cal. San Diego & Way Ports Dec. 7
Eureka Humboldt |Dec. 8
Carina . Coos Bay ..[Dec. 8
A ""." a Coos Bay & Pt. Orf ord Dec. 8
North Fork" Humbrfdt Dec 8
SSeen *»«•» 8<jund Ports.... Dec. 8
San Pedro. & Way Port* Dec. 8
C^naao""." G « V9 Harbor Dec. 9
San Diego & Way Pts. Dec. 10
fian Jose" New York vU Panama. Dec. 10
nw Elder" Portland "ft Astoria.... Dec. .11
Alliance. P°rUand * ™»* p ° rtl! - *>«. «
DorS? - . . China & Japan........ Dec. 12
Sa^Pedro.'... Grays Harbor (Dec. J?
Senator Puget Sound Ports ..... Dec. l->
Centennial... Seattle & Tacoma JDec. 1.1
Centralia Grays Harbor .\ -¦•-••- Dec- ™
Serbia. Hamburg & Way Ports Dec 14
Nevadan Honolulu Dec 14
Movements of Steamers.
The Time Ball on" the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
i e . at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p. m., Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT.
Lieutenant U. S. N., in charge.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S. N.. Mer
chant*' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal..
December 3. . - - '
The bark Annie Johnson was cleared yester
day for Honolulu with an assorted merchan
dise cargo, valued at $27,693, and Including
the following:
150 bbls flour. 1C0 casks bottled beer. 3140
lbs nuts, 20 bbls 20 cs wlmon. 14,922 lbs mid
dlings. 3676 lbs bran. 1814 ct!s barley, 4242
lbs feed, 1509 bales hay. 50 cs olive oil. 10,000
lbs salt, 14.400 lbs sugar, 30 cs canned goods.
8*J00 lbs lard. 30 ykiea groceries and provi
sions, 10 cs meals. 31S7 lbs bread. 107.915 lbs
fertilizer. 326 ce gasoline, 13 pkgs paints, 11
cs <fry goods, .125 steel rails. 200 bxs soap,
30 colls rope. 25 pkgs matches. 42 kegs pow
der, 5 cs blasting caps, 10 cs fu»e. 4 bdls
twine. 16 bdls paper. 820O gals distillate. 76
pkgs oil. 3ft pkgs doors and windows, 23 cs
boots and ehoes, 18,000 fire bricks, 113,000 red
bricks. —
A Cargo for Honolulu.
Chris Fields, formerly boatswain of
the steamship City of Puebla, was con
victed yesterday by a jury in the Unit
ed States District Court for
twenty 5-tael tins of opium from Vic
toria on October 14. The opium was
found conceaied on his person as he
v as leaving the vesseL Fields was or
dered to- appear this morning for sen
tence. His defense was that he had
bought the opium in Seattle, and there
fore had not smuggled It. The drug
Tras manufactuivd in Victoria, B. C,
and did not bear the Government
stamp. Duncan E. McKinlay, who rep
resented the prosecution, argued* that
the opium bein^ unstamped and that
Fields concealed it upon his person
were facts clearly showing guilty
knowledge.
rLZLDS FOTJND GUILTY
OF SMUGGLING OPIUM
His Defense That He Bought It in
Seattle Does Not Avail
Him.
Time and Heights of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of tha
Superintendent. '"
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at th»
city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25 min
utes later than at Fort^Poinf.^the height of
tld» Is the same at. both plares.
FRIDAY. DECEMBER 4.
Sun rises •' ~ : Vl
gun seta - *- M
Moon rises 0:w P- m -
D Tlme| Timel ITime mme'
r I r Ft 1 Ft. Ft. Ft.
S L w| H.W! |L W H WJ
1 4-201 2.8 10:25 6.01 5:19!— 1.0
Hff! L W H TV L W
B 0:35! 5.0 6:07 . 2.7 11:09 6.0 6:04 Kl
H 124 6.1 5:56 2.s(ll:68| 5.9 «:50 — 1.0
T 2:10, 6.116:50 2.9)12:50| 5.7 7:38— 0.8
8-12:58 7:R0f 2.9 1 :48| • «.¦» 8:29 -0.5
9 3:43| 5.3 9:0l| 2.8| 2:5lj 5.0 9:20 0.0
NOTE In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in th« left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time: the
fourth time column gives the last tide or the
day, except when there are but three tides, aa
sometimes occurs. The heights aiven are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — »
elgn precedes the height, and then the number
given Is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference ia the mean
of the lower low waters.
The French bark Ernest Legoune proceeds
to Sydney in ballast. The barkentlne Coro
nado returns to Honolulu with general cargo.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
repair damage sustained in heavy weather, will
probably resume her voyage In a few days.
Stmr Brooklyn. WaJvljT. 22 hours from Port
Harford.
U S tug Fortune, Jaffe, 48 hours from Saiita
Barbara, and not 2d. - •
Bark Edward May, Hanson, 20 days from
MakawHi.
Rktn Geo C Perkins. Moe, 14 days from
Grays Harbor.
Srhr Ida A, Beck, 6 hours from Point Reyes.
Schr ¦ Novelty, Hoffman, 9 days from Coos
Ptmr North Fork* Nelson. Eureka; The Chas
Nelson Co. .
Stmr Geo W Elder, Randall, Astoria: Oregon
Railroad and Navigation Co. '
Stmr Spokane, Jepsen, Eureka; Pacific Coast
Steamship Co.
Jap stmr Hongkong Maru, Filmer, Hongkong
and Yokohama, via Honolulu; W H Avery,
agent.
Ger fchip Optima, Thom, Newcastle, Aus; F
H Thom. master. ' *
' Nor bark Arabia, Nelson, Frem^ntle; J J
Moore & Co.
Bark Annie Johnson, Nelson, Honolulu; J D
Spreckels & Bros Co.
SAILED.
Thursday. . December, 3.
Stmr Santa Barbara, Zaddart.!Port Harford.
¦ Etmr Coos Bay. Nicolsca. ««n Pedro,
Stmr State of California; Thomas, San Diego.
Stmr Marahfleld. Dettmers, Hardy Creek.
Stmr Coquilie River. Dart. Redondo.
Stmr North Fork. Nelson. Eureka.
Stmr SDOkane, Jepsen, Eureka. '
Stmr Arcata. Nelson. Coos Bay.
' Stmr Alcaiar. Martin. Point Arena.
Stmr Mackinaw, Storrs, Tacoma. ';.
Stmr Premiss, Ahlstrom, San. Pedro.
Stmr Whltesboro. Olsen. Point Arena."
Stmr Scotia. Johnson, Gualala. '
Stmr Arctic, Reiner, Eureka.
Stmr Sequoia, Thompson, Grays Harbor,
Nor stmr Hero, Syvertsen, Ladysmith !
Jap stmr Hongkons Maru. Filmer. Hong
kong, etc. • ,
.Bark Annie Johnson, Nelson, Honolulu.
Schr Mildred. Klndlen. Monterey, in tow
stmr Santa Barbara.
SPOKEN.
Sept 25, lat 65 34 S, Ion 75 64 W, Br bark
Earnmount, from Shields, for San Francisco.
» Nov 6. lat 8 46 N, Ion 119 21 W, Br whip
Howth, hence Oct 12, for Liverpool.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Dec 3, 10 *t> m— Weather
foggy; wind NE, velocity « miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
ASTORIA -Sailed Dec .3 — Schr Frank W
Howe, for Redondo; Br «tmr Lytton. for
China: achr A F Coata, for San Francisco; Ger
bark Professor Koch, for Queenstown; Fr bark
Montcalm, for United Kingdom; stmr Melville
Dollar, for San Francisco; bktn Echo, for San
Francisco.
MAHSHFIELD — Arrived Dee 3 Stmr Alli
ance, from Eureka.
SEATTLE — Arrived Dec 3— Jap stmr lyo
Maru, from China and Japan.
Sailed D«c 3— Stmr Janus Dollar, for San
Francisco.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Dec 3— Stmr Bruns
wick, hence Dec 2.
. Sailed Dec 3 — Stmr National City, for Cle
one. y
TATOOSH— Passed out Dec 3— Fr ahlp Ma
delaine, for Queenstown; bark 8 C Allen, for
San Francisco: schr Soquel. for San Franeisco;
etmr W H Kruger, from Tacoma, for San Pe
dro; stmr Jeanie," from Seattle, for Dutch Har
bor. .
. EUREKA — Sailed Dec 3 — Stmr South Bay,
for Santa Barbara and San Pedro.
Sailed Dec 3 — Stmrs Pomona and Eureka, for
San Francisco; stmr Pasadena, for Son Pedro;
echrs Mary Dodge, Jennie Stella and Ida Mc-
Kay, for Sao Francisco; achr Mabel Gray for
San Pedro.
Arrived Dec 8 — Stmr Aurelta, hence Deo 2
PORT HARFORD— Sailed Deo 3— Stmr Eo
nlta, for Ban Francisco. •
WHA'ATOM— Sailed Deo 3 — Stmr Rainier
for San Francisco.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Dec 3— Bark Re
peater, for South Africa.
Sailed Dec 3 — Schr Maria E Smith, for Port
Ludlow.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Dec 3— Tug Sea
Rover, with stmr Shasta in tow, for Ban Fran
cisco; bktn Gardiner City, for San Francisco;
schr Sophia Chrlstensen, for San Franclsco'
etmr Santa Monica, for San Pedro.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Deo 8—
Stmr Noyo. from Fort Bragg.
SAN DIEGO^-Arrived Dec 3 — Nor atrar Tl
tanla, from I Nanalmo. -
' TILLAMOOK— Arrived Dec 3— Schr Oak
land, • hence • Nov 19. "'¦-¦ t
Sailed Dec 3 — Schr Volant, for Ban Fran
cisco. -. ," : ~ " :
; BANDON— Sailed ' D*c 3— Stmr Chlco, for
San Francfeco.
Sailed Dec 3— Schrs Lizzie Prlen. Onward
and Ruby, for San Francisco; stmr Chlco, for
San Francisco. ¦ ' > • . • .*.-,...»
EVERETT — Arrived Not 24— Schr Eehome,
hence Nov. 17.
ISLAND PORT.
HONOLULU— Sailed Dee 2— Br «tmr Gaelic,
for China and Japan.
Sailed Deo. 3— Stmr Argyll, for San Fran
cisco; stmr Nevndan. for Kahulul.
Arrived Deo 3 — Bktn Archer, hence Nor 8;
«mr Rosecrans, hence Nov 22.
/"EASTERN PORT."
DELAWARE BREAKWATER— Arrived Dec
2— Ship Hawaiian Isles, from Honolulu.
FOREIGN . PORTS.
COLON—Arrlved Dec 1— Stmr City of Wash
ington, from New York. "
Sailed Dec 1 — Stmr Yucatan, for New York.
MELBOURNE—^SalUd' Dec 2 — Ship Reuce.
for Newcastle, Aus. - •-:.. .. , .
- NEWCASTLE, • Aus— Arrived Dec . 2 — Bktn
Jane L Stanford, from Port Plrle.
EAST LONDON— Arrived Dec 3— Schr F M
Blade, from Grays Harbor.
BRISBANE— Sailed Dec 3—Br rtmr Mlo
wera. for Vancouver. , • • '
ACAPULCO — Sailed Dec 1 — Stmr Colon, for
Panama: stmr San Jose., for San' Francisco.
, ANTWERP — Sailed Dec 1 — Br ahlp Beacon
Rock. . tor! Port Loa Angeles.
' OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Sailed Dec 3— Stmr La Tou
ralne, for Havre. , . . , . .
LONDON— Sailed, Dec 3— Stmr Menominee,
for New York. : . ¦ ¦ '..-
QUEENSTOWN — Sailed Dec 3-^Stmr Ocean
ic, from Liverpool, for New York. ,-< _¦ •
. . NAPLES — Arrived -Dec . 3 — Stmr SarcWgna,
from- New.. York. ; i
,.:-¦ ¦. • ; ? - ¦ ; . ; .
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States- Coast, and Geodetic -Survey— .
The new^cruiser Tacoma had a chance to
show her seaworthy qualities at tbe end of
the trip home from Santa Barbara. When the
bar was reached It was found to be breaking
and it was only after arave consideration that
the crossing wa« essayed. Huge combers spent
their noisy strength against the cruiser's sides,
which yielded before the mighty Impact until
at times the Tacoma rested on her beam ends.
The sea had been fairly rough all the way
up the coast, but when the bar was reached
the tumbling and tossing wa» In a style .that
would have done credit to a fullpower ocean
gale. The cruiser came through this un
scheduled trial as well as she had passed the
official tests In the Santa Barbara channel,
but the crockery on board was wrecked and
the caterer who supplied the china and crystal
for use on the trial trip had little of his ware
to carry home. In addition to the breakables
ererythinsr that was loose in ev.ery part of
the cruiser went adrift and the movable in
terior arrangement of the Tacoma wa« in a
pretty jumble when the amooth seas inside
the heads gave those aboard an opportunity
to look around.
Tacoxna Tossed on the Bar.
The Japanese steamship Hongkong
Maru sailed yesterday for the Orient,
crowded . with passengers and loaded
down to her Plimsoll marks with val
uable cargo. . Among her passengers
were many army officers going to join
their ' regiments in the Philippines.
The crowd that thronged the wharf
included a liberal sprinkling of army
and navy people; in fact, the service
could hardly liave been better rep
resented had the departing liner been
one of Uncle Sam's own transports.
A large number of civilian employes
of the Government also sailed on the
Hongkong. They will take another
steamship at Hongkong for Manila.
The Hongkong carried 3S00 tons of
cargo, which was so stowed as to trim
the liner like the racing yacht she
resembled as she glided down the
bay toward the Golden Gate.
The Hongkong took away fifty Chi
nese passengers and . two deported.
Most of the Celestial passengers had
secured their berths during the rate
cutting duel with the China Commer
cial Company and are now traveling
on a palatial liner at an expense for
the entire passage of $2 apiece. Chi
nese going on the next boat, the Chi
na, will have to pay $35 for their
transportation.
The Hongkong's passengers includ
ed the folowing named:
For Yokohama— Mr*. G. W. Bramha.ll. Mrs.
A. B. Champlin. G. R. Chlpman, Mrs. M. H.
Cormell Miss L. Helm, S. Homma. B. Ko
bavaefcl' Otto Koch, H. Kodama. Dr. I. Boyle
McKay C. F. McWllllams, Mrs. C. F. Mc-
Williams and daughter. Paul Meeser. J. Pritz
kow T. Sasano and R. Tanaia.
For Kobe — Mrs. G«orge Alllchln and two
daughters. , .*,
For Nagasaki— Miss Elizabeth Larned. Mrs.
W. V. Pratt and G. L. A. Smith.
For Shanshal-*R- E. Lewis. Miss L. D.
Deavltt. Mrs. R. T!. Lewis, seven children and
maid s-nd Miss E. Mitchell.
For Hongkong— J. E. Ainswc-rth. G. E- At
kinson. R- F. Berryman. E. H. Benson, 1^ S.
Eriggs Lieutenant H. S. Brinkerhoff. Lieu
tenant J J. BurielRh. W. S. Coorow, Mrs. W
P Conrow E. B. Cook, Mrs. E. B. Cook. Mrs.
H. M Cook. C. C. Cook, Lieutenant C. H.
I>anrorth. A. F. Decker. J. F. Edwards, Mrs.
J F Edwards, Dr. H. W. Eliot. H. V. Hen
son. Lieutenant A. A. Hofmann, R. A. Kerk
hover Lieutenant Colonel H. S. Kilbourne. T.
C Lannan Lieutenant E. E. McCammon. W.
H. Miles, Mrs. E. M. Morrison, Miss M. G.
Murrin C. P. Provias. Frank Reeves, Lieu
tenant P Remington. Dr. R. H. Rhoades, M.
H Sakol F. B. Shelly, Mrs. f\ B. Shelly. I.
P. Short, Captain C. E. Stanton, Mrs. C E.
Stanton Mrs. O. M. Swindell. J. W. Travis.
F C. Thompson. C. F. Walden. Mrs.' C. F.
Walden and C. A. 'VVeeterbunrer.
CHEYENNE. Wyo.. Dec. 3.— A dispatch re
ceived from Chicago to-day . says that the di
rector" of the North American Copper Com
pany 'have raised $250,000 for improvements
at Encampment. Wyo.. which will include re
building of the aerial tramway tha 1™*"*
in the world: alterations In the reduction
works and extenplve developments of the .Fer
rls-Haggarty mine.
"By whose orders?" Wescott claims
to have replied when threatened by
Amea.
"By mine," Ames is said to have re
plied, and Wescott. rather, he says,
than cause more trouble, gracefully re
tired.
Wescott also avers in his petition
that he appeared at the meeting place
of the harbor at the meeting following
his suFpenpinn, held November 30. He
says he was requested to retire by
Captain Ames, and refused to do so,
and was told that he would be put out.
The session should be an interesting
one. for the reason that Wescott's pe
tition shows that he has been making
a determined effort ever since his sus
pension to take a hand in the manage
ment of the affairs of the association.
It further shows that h« is a candidate
for the office of clerk to the captain of
the association, a position now held by
R. N. Rlppy, and that the election of
officers will take plare at the next
meeting. His absence, he says, v wlll
cause him the loss of many votes and
means his defeat.
"Shut uz>.~ sal <3 Captain Ames.
•I -wor/t," said Captain Wescott.
"You are puspended," retorted Ames.
"I an not," shot back Wescott.
And thereupon the members of Call- ;
fornla. Harbor No. 15 of the Association
cif Masters and Pilots were called upon
to setae the controversy. Fourteen Jolly
tars stood uj> at the call of Captain
.Anns and voted to suspend Wescott.
Eight sons of Neptune voted the other
•nay. and Wescott lost the right to take
part in the deliberations of the body.
AH this occurred at a meeting of the
masters and pilots at the ferry build-
Ing on the night of November 23.
of the row between the men
¦who go down to the sea in ships would
have been known to the world at large
if it were not for the fact that that
doughty mariner Captain Wescott re
fuses to etay suspended and has ap
pealed to the courts.
Yesterday he filed a petition for a
¦writ of mandate compelling Captain
Ames and the other officers of the har
l>or to allow him to take part in the
sneeting o? the harbor to be held next
3Jonday night. In this petition he
states that the row occurred as above
stated, and unon his statement Judge
ilurasky issued an alternative writ,
returnable before Judg<? Seawell next
•Monday morning. At that time the de
fendants in the suit, Captain Ames and
the other officers of the harbor and the
fourteen mariners who voted against
"Wescott, are to appear and show cause
•why Wescott should not have the relief
he asks for.
A man from Modesto was relieved of
$40 by the same process the day pre
vious, and there are others. C. C.
Crowley, chief of the Southern Pacific
detective bureau, detailed Patrick Kln
delon on the case, and yesterday morn
ing Kindelon caught Talbert in the act
of bunkoing a long whiskered stranger
on the train near Crocket^. Talbert's
companion escaped, but Kindelon has
a good description of him. Talbert was
brought to the citv and turned over
tc Detective. Ryan, who locked him up
in the City Prison."
J-'R- Talbert, who is accused of play
ing a bunko game on passengers on
the Southern Pacific trains between
this city and Port Costa, is in the City
Prison and every effort is being made
to find his confederate.
Complaints had ' been made to . the
Southern Pacific officials of the crooked
work of the two men. Mr. and Mrs.
Morrow, an aged couple from Orange.
Cal., who had been on a visit to the
city, left on their return trip last Tues
day. Soon after they left the Oakland
mole a nicely dressed young man took
a seat beside them and engaged them
in conversation. They chatted for
about half an hour, when another
nicely dressed young man came up to
them and. slapping the other young
man on the back, asked him if he
cculd give him the $100 he" owed him.
.Of course he did not have the" money
and in an off-hand way asked the old
man lf^he could advance him the
amount, saying ir would be sent to him
at once.' The old man refused, but his
wife, who had been much impressed by
the young 1 man's conversation, pulled
out her own wallet and handed him
the money. That was ; the last they
saw of either of the young men.
William H. Glover shot Frederick
Nierhoff in Placer County .on June 11.
1902. Glover was engaged to the daugh
ter of his victim, but the father had
ordered him off the premises. He be
came enraged and next day appeared
in the yard with a rifle for the express
purpose of . killing Nierhoff. The last
named was shot in attempting to wrest
the rifle from Glover.
The appeal was based on alleged ir
regularities in the conduct of the case
by the Judge of the trial court. •
The daughter of ' Hugh Duffy saw
Charles Wardrip murder her father and
Agnes NIerboff was present when Wil
liam H. Glover shot her father.
Wardrip shot down Hugh Duffy In
February, 1902 r near the corner of Four
teenth and G streets in Sacramento.
The defendant, with a boyish com
panion, was in the act of burglarizing
the residence of a family by the name
of Bartell, when Duffy, who owned the
house, appeared on the scene. Wardrip
leaped ! from a window after he' had
been alarmed by his companion and
shot Duffy. ...
He managed to make his escape from
California, but was located in Salt
Lake City and brought back for trial.
He was convicted and sentenced to
death. His appeal was based on tech
nical points. ¦ :
Charles Wardrip and "William H.
Glover must die on the scaffold,; ac
cording to decisions rendered in their
respective cases by the Supreme Court
yesterday. Both of the men have made
hard fights for life and both have lost.
Executive clemency is all that'can save
them now. .
Appeals to Court to Settle-
Dispute Between Him
and Ame3.
One Operator Arrested Near
Crockett and Brought to
This City.
Supreme Court Declines to
* Reverse Previous
Judgment. /
Wardrip and Glover
Must Die for Their i '
Crimes.
Passengers Victimized
Between Here and
Port Costa.
Captain Wescott Re
fuses to Shut Up and
Is Suspended.
Japanese Liner Leaves for the Orient Deeply Laden With Valuable Mer
chandise and Carrying a Large Number of Passengers, Including Half
a Hundred Chinese, Most of Whom Paid Only $2 Fare for the Passage
STORM ARISES
IN PILOTS' HALL
TWO MURDERERS
LOSE LAST HOPE
CONFIDENCE MEN
WORK ON TRAINS
ARMY OFFICERS AND MANY CIVILIANS
SAIL AWAY ON THE HONGKONG MARU
THE- SAN FRANCISCO. CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER , 4, 1903.
VESSEL. "WHICH WAS FORCED
TO PUT INTO VALPARAISO
FOR REPAIRS.
15
BAJXWA7 TEAVZT_
f&jB&ES^l TO SAN RAFAEL
I£gg]2Uy| ROSS VALLEY,
z^'.'^l^a mill valley,
'SuiMeIs cazadero ' etc.
Iff^^p^^^l ?!« Samsallto Ferry.
Suburban Semce~"8taacard Gauge Electric—
Impart rrom San Francisco Dally— 7:00, 6:00.
i».w. 10:00. 11:00 a. m.. 12:20. 1:45, 3:15. 4:16.
fi:lS. «:1&. 7:00. 8:4ft 10:20. 11:45 p. ra.
FROM KAN UAFAEL TO BAN FRANCISCO
— D_ly— 6:25. «:S5. 7:40. 8:35. »:35. 11:06 «,
rr. . 12:20. 1:45. 2:55. 3:45. 4:45. 5:45. 6:41.
8:45. 10:20 p, m.
FROM MILL VALLET TO SAN FRAN-
CISCO— Dally— «: 45, 8:55. 7:52. 8:68, »:6S.
11:20 a. ra.. 12:U. 2:00. S:lfi. 4:05. 5:05. 6:06.
7:65 S.OO. 10:35 p. m
THROUGH TRAINS.
L * :<X» a. m. -ally — C* xs. dero and way stations.
8:15 p. — . week days (Saturday* excepted) —
Tommies and way stations
3 25 1. m. Saturdays — Caxadero and way ata-
tlons.
Eundaya or."y— 10 a. m.. Point Reyes and way
TICKET OFFICE— «« Market rt.
•"KBET- Union Depoc foot of Market at.
OCEAN TBAVIX.
* V^Tc T^n. Steamers leave San Fran-
/fiZ^^S^. Cisco as follows:
ABtl__^- mFV For Ketchlkan, Wrangel.
W^S*'^ N "*l Juneau. Haln<?», Ska^uay.
I \it3fe54 ) 1 etc. Alaska— 11 a. m.. Dec.
I \ VSS&Sz} } 2. 7. 12. 17. 22. 27. Jan. 2.
\*X \\ /»9/ Change to company's steam -
N^v^*^ 5 / ers at Seattle.
xaAtgWjX. For Victoria. Vancouver,
— Port Townsend. Seattle. Ta-
coma Everett. Whateom — 11 a. m., Dec. 2. "t.
12. 17. 22. 27. Jan. 2. Change at Seattle to
this company's steamers for Alaska and G. N.
! Ry. ; at -Seattle or Tacoma to N. P. Ry. ; at
j Vancouver to C. P. Railway.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona. 1:30
p m. Dec 6. 12 IS 24. 30. Jan. 5; Corona.
1:30 p. m.. Dec. 3. 9. 15. 21. 27. Jan. 2.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angeles and
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara, — San-
ta Rosa. Sundaj-S; 9 a. ra. . ;. « •
State of California. Thursdays. 9 s^ ro. .-.
" For Lo? Angeles (via San Pedro and- East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara, Santa Crus. Mon-
1 terey San Simeon. Cayuee*. Port Harford (San
. Luis " Obispo) Ventura and Hueneme.
, t Coos Bay. 9 a m.. Dec. 3. 11. 19. 37. Jan. 4.
1 j Bontta 0 a. ra.. D«c. 7. 15. 23. 31. Jan. 8.
; For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo Mazatlan Altata. La Paz. Santa Ro-
salia" Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th of each
month.
For further information obtain folder.
I Right is. reserved to change steamers or sall-
Injr dates. . . ¦ ~ ' : " '¦*
TICKET OPTICES — 4 Xew Montgom-
ery street (Palace Hotel). 10 Market street and
Broadway wharves.
Freight office. 10 Market street. •
C D. D UK ANN, General Passenger Agent.
10 Market street. San Francisco.
O/ /?. & TV. CO.
"Columbia" sails Nov. 20. Dec. 9. 19. 29.
"George W. Elder 1 ' sails Dec. 4. 14. 24. Only
steamship line to PORTLAND,. OR., and short
rail line from Portland to all points East.
Through tickets to all points, all rail or steam-
ship and rail at LOWEST RATES. Steamer
tickets Include berth and meals. Steamer sails
.¦f&ot of Spear st. at 11 a. m. S. F. BOOTH,
Gen. Agt. Pass. Dept-, 1 Montgomery st.; C. I
CLIFFORD. Gen. .Agt. Freight DepL. 3
Montgomery st.
TOYO KISEN KA1SHA,
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.)
'. Steajners will leave wharf, corner First and
I Brannan streets at 1 p. ra.. for YOKOHAMA
i and HONGKONG, calling at Kobe (Hiogo).
! Nagasaki and Shanghai, and connecting at
Hongkong- with etearoers for India, etc. No
cargo received on board on day of sailing.
B. S. HONGKONG MARU:
Thursday. December 3 1903
S 8. NIPPON MARC (calling at Manila)
- . • .Wednesday. December 30. 1903
S S. AMERICA MARU
' .Monday. January 25. 1004
Via Honolulu. Round-trip tickets at reduced
rates. For freight and passage apply at Com-
pany's office. 421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERY. General Agent.
oceamcs.s.io. agogs
S.- S. VENTURA, for Honolulu, Samoa, Auck-
¦ land and Sydney. Thursday. Dec. 10, 2 p. m.
S. S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Dec.JO. U a.m.
S. S. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti, Jan. 6. 1904.
iiVinsicLiftBni.ea^j^.TkfatBfti.iqiirtiia
Fn&tl&UXS B-kttIL.fkrIi. ? ( f_ft It
COMPAQNIE GS.HSKALE TSANSATLA.HTIQtn.
DIRECT LINE-TO HAVRE-PAR1S. _»-*_•'
Sailing every Thursday Instead of <— f£fSr#
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. >^*BBgF
North River, foot of Morton street.
. First-class to Havre. $70 and upward. Sec-
ond-class to Havre. $45 and upward. - GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson Building)
New York. J. F. FUCSAZI A CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San . Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
Mare Island and Vallejo Steamer*.
Steamer GEN. FRI8BIE or MONTICELLO—
9:43 a. nt.. 3:15 and 8:30 p. m., except Sunday
Sunday. 9:45 a. ra.. 8:30 p. m. Leave Vallajo.
7 a. m.. 12:30 and 6 p. m.. ex. Sunday. Sun-
day. 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m> Fare, 50 cents. Tel.
Main 1ICS. Pier 2. Mission- st. dock. HATCH
BRO3.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
f SALIFORNIA
U "LIR9ITED TO CHI8A60 I j
K LEAVES DAtLY I
K at O:3O a. m., tiirouQn in 9 days* |
8 with diner, and all trappings. ¦—' J9
, r Other Santa Fe Traina :
!i^ ?*"•(. for Stockton, TreiBo, Baktrsfield.
l : 00p^S!) Merced, Hanf ord and VUalia.
4.00 p. m. for Stockton. ,. .. .
8:00 p. m. for Kansas Cltr, ft«"»T'1 Canyoa and
Cnlcapo.
Ticket Offics: 641 Market St., and F«tt
Dapot. S. 7. Also 11U Broadway, Oak-
. v land. Cal. - .-. V -.!;
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Trains leave and »re> due to arri »• *t
SAN KKAV CISCO.
'. Ofala Line, Foot of Marker Street) "-
hxti — jTaow NotmH a. 1908. . — . . AaaiTB
7410a Vae»Tllle. Wlaters. Bamsey- 7.SS*
7-0J* 'Benicla, Salson. Klmlrm sad ascrsr-
meato 7.25*
' 7 .30* Vallejo. N»p«. Callstogs. Saata
Ro«». Marttaex. a*a R»mon 3 2Sr
7 J04 Vile*. Ltrerniore, Tncy, Latorop.
8tock:oa 7-Zi*
180* Samst* Express— .(¥1* Darts).
Ti*inr»tn* (for Bartlea Sprtags),
WUtovs. trroto. Ke4 UIu2.
Fortlaad. Ttcomi. Seattle 7-SSf
• -00a Darts. Woodland. Katgtiu Lanrtiag.
MsrysTllle. OtotJIIo 7-a*»
8 50a Port Costs, Martinez. Aaf.oca.
Byroa, Tracy. Stocktoat yew-
¦, <„¦; maa, Loa Baaos. Mendeta,
Aratoaa, lUnfori. Vlialla,
Portervllle 4^5»
M0 A Port Costa. Marttaei. Trmcy. Lsta-
rop. Modesto, Merced. Tresao.
Gosbea Junction, II* a (ord,
• " Ylsalis, BsJcenaeld .•....- -4J8»
8 JO* Kiles. Saa Jose, LlTermore. Stock-
too. (tMlltoa). lone. Sacnuneata, ' .
PlacerTl'.la. UarrsTllle, Chico.
Reel Bln3 ... 4J5F
• SO* OaScdale. CalaMe, Jamestowa. 8o»
oora. Taolnmae sad Angels 42Sp
9.00* Atlantic Sxpress—Ogdea sad Base. 11.25*
8.30* Richmond, Uartiaes aad Way
Statioas 8 55*
10.00a Tha Orerland Limited — Uedea.
DeoTer. Omabs, ChtcafO- 8.25''
ifl.COi Vallejo_. 122b*
10.03a Los Angeles Patsenjer — Port
:,- ., i ? CosU. Msrttaex. Bjroa. Tracy. ;
Latbrop. Stockton. MeTced,
Ravmoad. Fresno. Goshes Junc-
tion. H»afu'd. Lemoore. VUaUa,
BaJcersfleld. Lo* Angeles 7-2Sp
It 00* Hsyw<u-d. Nlles a»* Way Stattoa*. 3 3Sp
tl^Wr> Sacrameato ntver Steamers ni.QO**
S40P Bealcfs, WUters. Sacrameato. ....
TTooclud, Kaizats Laodlne.
Maryirtne, OroTllIa aad way
stations ••• tO-5S«
5 JOr Hayward. N'tles aod W*v 8ut!cas.. 7 0»r
S,20<* Port Coata. Martlaez. Byrua.
Tracy. Lathrop. llodeico,
>terce<l. Fresno and Way Siv
tlon s beyond Port <'o«t» 12.25^
tSdr Martiaex.Tracy.Stocktoo.Lo.il... 10 25*
4.00^ Marttaez,Saai:an»o«. Vallejo, Jf spa, f
Cs!!3'.os». S«au r.')!» 8-23*.
4 CO* Slles. Tracv. Stockton. Lodl 4.25*
4.307 Hsyward. Nlifs. Irrlagtoa, S*aJ tg.55*
i Jose. Ll»ertiiore » tli.SS*
1 5-COr The Owl United— Sewm»a. Lo»
Baaos. Mendoca, Fresno. Tulare,
- Bakersdeld. Loa Angeles ........ 9-55*
6-OOr Port CosU. Tracy. Stock toa 12 25*
•tS 30r Hay ward, N'tles and Saa Jose 7.25a
6 OOp Haywsrd. Slles and San Joj». 9 55a
600p Eastern Express— Ogden. DeaTer,
Omaofc. St. Louis. Catcsco aad
East. Port Coata. Benieia, Sat-
saa. Kim!r», Davis. Sacrameato,'
Roeklln. Auburn. Colfax. ...;'•<
Trnckee. Boca. Heao. Wads-
worth. Wlnnemncca ......" S-S9** '
1.00* Vallejo, dally, except Suaday.... t 7 SS«> '
700* Vallejo, Sunday only ( *»°^
7 COr klcbmond. San Pahlo. Fort Costa.
Martlaex sd<*. W»y SUtloas.../.. 1121*
1X6* Oregon * California Kxyre*« — Sac- . .-'-
ramento. Marytrtlle, - ReddiBR. -
Portland. l*«get Soand aad K*»t. 8-5S*
t.10* Hsyward. KUes and Sao Jose (Snn-
' dayonly) 1153a
. COAST LINE ("larrow Uaa*.).
(Foot of Mvfcet 3tr*et ) |
8.15* Newark. CencerTllle. Saa Jose,
Felton. Doulaer Cresk. Smnt*
Crai aad Way Stations .' 553*
I t2.16* Sewark. Centnnrllle. Saa Jose,
New Almaden. Los Gatos.Fe!too.
Bon!der Creek. Sanra Crox and
Prtnelpal VT ay Stations 1 10-53 a
4.16* H*wark, San Jose, Los Qntos and * *0 5S *
waTstatloaa '» t13 53 *
•930* Bnafers Tnta. Satorday onty. Saa
Jose and Way Stattnas. Retara-
iag from Los Gatos Snnday only. 17 25*
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
' From SAX FKAJNCISCO. Foot of Market St <$\ip*t ,
— tt:15 t:0O ll:U0 *.M. 1.00 300 5 15*.*
From OAKLAND. Foot «f Broadway — it-.fo &:<»
t»:<q 10:00 a.m. 1200 2 00 . 4 00 *.*.
COAST LINE (Broa- Uaags).
fW~ (third ami Tuwnaend Streets.) ¦ ¦
8.10a Saa Jose and^VVar Stations... 8 3Cp
700* Saa Jose and w«t Stations. 5 33?
8 00* New Almaden (Tars.. Frtd.. osly>. 4-10*
• CO* CosstLlae Limited— StopaonlySaa
Jose, Gllroy (connection for Bol-
lUter), Pajaro. Outrovtile. 8a- ,:-\
Unas. San Ardo. Paso Hobl*v
.. Bant* Mar?arl;a. San Luis Obl»[K»,
Principal stations tbeace Sort
(coanertioa for Lompoe) prlact-
pal stations thence Santa Bar- ' • .
D«ra aad Los Angeles. Conneo-
tlon at CastroTilla to aad froaa
Monterey aod Pacific Grove 1943*
• .CO* Ban Jose. Tres Piaoa, Capltola, • -
&AataCrv,PaejacGroYe.Sa>taaa.
San Lais Obispo aod Principal
Way Stations .# ............. f,13»
' 10 J0a SaaJose> and Way Stations. 123*
11-30* Santa Clara, San Jose. Los Gates
; •- and Way Stations 7-30
140* Ban Jose aad Way Stations i-Ji*
' 3-CO* Psetac GroTe Express— SaaUCUra.
Saa Jose, Del M-unte. Monterey.
Pacific Grove (connect* at Santa,
Clara for Santa Cruz. Bonlder
' Creek and yarrow Gauge Points)
at Oilroy for Holllster, Trea
Piaos. ac CastroT!!le for Salinas.' 12.1 5*
3-30* Tres PtaosWay Passenger 910.45* '
14 4»* Saa Jose. (rU Banu Clara) Loa
Gates, aad Pr!a«lp»l Way Sta-
tloaa (except Bandar) *912*
{B-30P SanJoseandPriactpalWayStatlons |3.cOk
6.00* Sunset Limited.— Itedwocd, Saa
Jose«GUroy.£al!aa».Pa«o lioUle*.
. Sao Lots Obtspo, &aata Barhara, i ¦'..'; -
Los Angeles. CemlBf, Kl Pas«,
If ew Orleans, New York. - Con- ' .
Beets at Pajaro for Santa Cms
aad st Castrorin* for Pacific
Grore and Way Stations : 7-10*
1fi.15r EauMateo,Bere*ford,Belmont.Saa
Carlos. Redwood. Fair Oakv .
MealoPark. Palo Alto +S.4S*
6 JOr San Jose and Way SUtlons .... 838*
11.30* Soath San Francisco, Mi'.^rse. Bur-
llogame. Baa itateo. Belmoat. .
San Carlo*. Redwood. Fair Oaks,
' Mcalo Park, an* PaJo Alto 9.45*
•11-30* Mayfleld. Monntaln View. Soany-
Tale, Lawrence. Santa Clara and ¦
San Jose >..... O.4g*
A for Morntag. P for Af teraoo*
I Sunday only. ... .•-. -j- .
1 6tops at all stattoas oa Sunday.
ISnaday excepted. a Saturday only. '¦'-'.,*
tVOoly trains stopping st Valencia Su so«chbon4 ¦
*re6:10ji..M..T:HJ*.M^ H:30*.m., 1:.«mi. ud iXn-.u.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
SAN FRANCISCO AN J NORTH PACIFIC
KAXLWAT COMPAJTST.
TlDOron rerry. Poot or Market Street.
SAK PRANCI3CO TO SAW HAJPAEI..
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 0:0o. ll:0o a. m.; USi.
3:30. 3:10. «:3O p. a. Thursdays— Extra- tri»
at 11:30 p. m. -
Saturdays— Extra trip at, 1:60 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS—^3: OO. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:30. '
8:00. 6:20. 11:30 p. m.
SAB SAPASL TO SA2T TSAVOXSCO.
WEEK DAYS — «:CS, 7:33. 7:50. »:20. 11:14
a. m.: 12:30. 3:40, S:00. 5:20 p.-m.
Saturdays — Extra trio at 2:05 and 6:33 p. ni.
SUNDAYS— S:00. 8:40. 11:15 a. m.; 1^*0, S:4a
4:55. 8:05. 6:23 p. m.
Leave I la Effect I Arrive
Ban Francisco. I Sept. 27. 1908. |S«n FntnclxSo.
Week ! Sun- I Destlnav- 1 Sun- | Week ;
Days. I days. | Uon. ( days, f Days.
7:30a 8:0Oa 8:10a S:40a "
8:30 a Igrsaclo. 10:40 a 10:20 %
3:30 p 3:30 p «:05 p 8:20 p
5:10p 5:00 p 7:33 p
7:30a I 9:10 a S:4Oa>
9:00 a ' N'ovato. 10:40 a 10:20 a>
3:30 p 9:3Oa Petaluma 4:05 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 3:3Op and- . 7.03 p ,
B:COp Santa Rosa.
7:30a . '¦ 10:40a 10:20 a
8:00 a.. Fultcn. , 7:35 p 0:20 p
3:30 p 3:30 p |__
¦Windsor, • •-- ¦
7:30 a 8:00 a Healdsburs. 10:40 a 10:29 a
Lytton.
2:30 p 3:30 p Geyservlllo. 7:33 p 8:20 9
- - - - Clovenlal*. ¦ ¦
7-30 a| 8:00 at Hoplasd 110:40 a{10:20 »
3:30 pi 3:30 pf and Uktah. ( 7:33 pj g:20p
7:30 a) 8:00 at • Wllllf. • | 7:33 pi <:3Ti>
7:30 a| J:C0al T^ ~~~- 110:40 a'10:2O a
a:30p|3:30pl Ooernevilte. I J:33 pj <:20 p>
7:30 a! 8:00 al . Sonoma. I »:10a| 3:40 a
5:10 p[ 5:00 pi- ulen Ellen. I 6:05 pi- 6:20 p
7:30 a! 8:00 al ~! . 110:40 a!10:20»
3:30 pi 3:30 pi- Sebastopot t 7:33 pf 8:20 p
STAGES connect at Green" Brae for San
Quentin: at Santa.. Rosa, for Wait* Sulphur
Sprinss; at Fulton for Altrorla and Mark West
Springs; at Lytton Tor Lytton Springs: at Ooy-
serville tor Skaxg* Sprinjcs; at Cloverdals for ¦
tbe- Geysers. BooneTille and Greenwood: at
Hopland for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs.
Kelseyville. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay. I_ke.
port aad Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vlcay
Springs Saratoga. Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell I_ke Witter Springs. Upper Lake. Porno,
Potter Valley.. John Day's. Riverside. Uerlyj.
Buckneirs. S_nhedrln Heights. HullTlUe. Orr-s
Hot Springs. Halfway House, Com ptctfo. Qubp
Stevens. Hopkins. Mendocino City, Fort Brags;.
Westport, XJsal: at Wimta for Fort Bragjr.
Weatport, Sherwood. Cahto. Covello. Lajrton-
vllle, - dimming*. Bell's Springs. Harris, Ol-
•en - s. Dy«r. Garbernile. Pepperwood. ScotU
and Eureka. - : : • . v .
Saturday to Sunday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates. - <«aBB»<«-* ; ?*S*' . ' ¦¦'"'¦¦
On Sunday round-trip tickets to all poiats
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket oxnee. 630 Market street. CnronJcl*
bu^dlny. wmTUia^ y ; R x KTAN. •
Pen. Manager. . Qen..Pa*a. Agt.
MT. TAM ALPA IS R A I LWAY
•" Leave I TiaS*«saJ_ twrj ¦ Arnye
Saa Francises, fsst sf MaritstK Saa Francisco
Week Son- -_fgHI. Sun- I Week
v Days, days d"ay> Day*.
•TT«4»8:00a fk^&^^k 1 03 p 10:401
•I:45p 9:OOa C&WH^KW l:33p 3:50r
6:1Ap 1O:OOa Vk&K^sF S:5Op 5:5Op
11:OOa *'*•' »'•*<»»
. *Ca__t idta sttp Ir Kjsss s_ Tfflrr Caf .
ncirr I tO& Masjczt ST.,(Nor_ Shore RaJroodJ
. tlBSIS I aad Sabsauto FautT, Foot afaxtat 9t>Everything that is new. good and.mod
crate priced in trunks, valises, dress puit
cases, traveling sets, pocketbooks and
wrist bags for the Holiday trade now on
sale. AH leather goods lettered in gold
free of charge. Sanborn, Vail & Co. •
John Burton' and William Rell went
into C. P. "Kelly's store, 217_Grant av
enue, yesterday afternoon and pur
chased a^silk" waist. As they were
leaving, Burton quietly took another
waist and shoved -it under his over
coat. The act was observed" and he
and Rell were detained till Policeman'
Jordan - arrived. Burton was booked
at the City Prison on a charge of petty
larceny. When Rell was searched,- a.
skeleton key was found in his pocket
and he was booked for having it in his
possession. The police say that Rell
is- a. clever manipulator of slot ma
chines, using a piece. o£ wire to ob
tain their contents. .
Wanted Another Waist.
James Michens, a colored sailor, was
arrested last night by Patrolmen Skain
and O'Brien and booked on a charge
of an assault with a deadly weapon.
During an altercation over a woman
in Maps' saloon, 439 Pacific street,
Michens slashed j Joe , Williams, also
colored, with a pocketknife. Williams
received the knife thrust in the back
and a leather belt he wore no doubt
saved him .from serious injury. His
assailant made several attempts to
stab him and as a result his clothing
was cut in several places. Williams
repaired to the Harbor Hospital for
treatment and was able to leave the
institution unassisted after having his
wounds dressed. .
Sailor Wields a Knife.
I then said that- 1 would open my . business
anyhow, and that. If necessary, I would go to
Oakland to procure my stocks of fruits and
vegetables. The threat jwas met wlih the
statement that steps wouid' be taken to boy
cott ire over there, and the declaration was
sternly made that the association would ueo
to -it that I did not succeed* in carrying on
the produce business at 122 N'inth street, so
long as my tra.le would Interfere with that of
any number of the assoclatlcn whose stand
was within a. block of mine.
The result, has been that I urn prevented from
carrying on the fruit and vegetable branch of
my buslr.ee?. • I can ;obtain no stocks in these
lines ;owing to the >Jgorous boycott that has
l>*eii '/established' against me.
; When Graves; was put on the witness
stand; he declared that he was willing
to let the- affidavit stand as against
Scatena & Co. . : .
CRANE'S TESTIMONY.
W. P. Crane, a restaurant man of
538 Sixth-street, testified that he had
tried to start a fruit stand during the
month rtf September ana was refused
goods by the commission merchants of
this city.,. . .. v V. . ,
"Why,"; he said. ."I went down with
$100 in my pocket, to purchase the stock
and met with a refusal to sell all along
the line." Crane .mentioned several
names of those who refused, to sell him
goods arid among them, were the firms
of -L. Scatena & Co., 104 -Washington
street: J. Ivancovich & Co., 209 Wash
ington street, and Mitchell ft Goodall,
308 Washington street.' Crane stated
that his dealings were in the city and
not on the wharves, but cited his case
merely, to showthe existence of a com
bine.-,. He was told.. when he went to
purcha'se the goods that he could not
open a fruit store in the block picked
out by him as there was another man
there already who was a- member of
the association. He was refused ad
mission to the association.
\ Commissioner. Spear said that they
would instruct the attorney of the
board to take evidence from* the retail
men-.and such other- evidence as could
be secured and- prefer specific charges
against the commission men for a vio
lation of the Woodward law and serve
summons on them citing them to ap
pear next Monday. -
• Commissioner . Kirkpatrick objected
to this plan and 'said:, "I think that
we have a 1 right -to revoke permits un
der the provisions of the permits which
give us tlie right to Inquire into , the
methods of the : produce ;dealers using
the State wharves/ If they refuse to
be examined we I have ' the right to re
voke the permits." . ,
Mr. Spear, agreed to Mr. Klrkpat^
rick's ruling, and the provisions of the
application ' for a permit were read.
They are as follows :
§>I (or we),, expectlngto receive consignments
of . perishable products to' be; delivered by car
rier on . the wharves "or other property of the
State of California In the city and county of
San Francisco, and desiring to dispose of the
name before removal, hereby make application
tor. a permit to , be : valid < for one year from
date of issue, to sell perishable products on
said wharves or other' State property.
' In" consideration of the receipt of such permit
I . (or. we) ' promise., to faithfully observe all of
the* regulations which are or may be prescribed
by . the. State/ Board -'of Harbor Commissioners
In regard to Cue h sales, and In particular I (or
we) agree . that I (or ; we) ¦ will not during the
life of such permits be ; a party r to any . con
spiracy/agreement or - understanding whereby
I (or j we) shall refuse to sell to any solvent pur
chaser or buy from any t person whatever, and
I' (or we) agree that I (or we) will sell impar
tially, and .at 'the same prices.to all who desire
to purchase, for /cash.' "without regard to their
business; or -Intended .disposition of- the prod
ucts, and will- exercise no discrimination what-*
ever, between buyers and sellers.. by reason of
their occupation, affiliations or non-afflllatlons.
I (or j we) also agree that' In case of | violation
of this , agreement*. the. Board ' of ; State Harbor,
Commissioners ¦ may 'revoke, the permit hereby
perishable goods on the wharves of
this city?" asked Attorney Davis.
"Xo, sir," replied the commission
merchant, "I don't think so."
"You don't think so? Then there is
a doubt in your mind?"
"No, I know that I have not," Wolf
then replied.
"Since the issuance of your permit
have you been party to any conspiracy,
agreement or understanding whereby
you refused to buy from any one per
ishable goods on the State wharves?"
asked Davis. ',. - ...
"I have put my position on paper and
I think that. I ought to be granted the
time I ask," replied Wolf.
"Have you refused to sell to any one
perishable goods on the State
wharves?"
"I decline to answer on the ground
that I have stated -my-case on paper."
"Then, Mr. Wolf, you refuse to an
swer these questions?"
"I do. We have not had proper time
to put our cape before the commis
sion."
"TouHiave had a week's time," said
Kirkpatrick.
Wolf was then excused and John G.
Wetmore of the % firm of Wetmore
Bros, was placed on the stand. He de
nied that he had sold goods on i the
State property, in violation of the law.
Outside of what had taken place on
State : property he declined to testify.
Commissioner Kirkpatrick , then
asked: ; "Did, you cell perishable
products at the "store and send men to
get the goods on the wharf?"
"No, sir, I have not?" replied Wolf.
Wetmore | pleaded for more time in
which to present the case and refused
to answer the same questions,: that
Wolf did. He was excused.
GIANNINI TESTIFIES.
A. P. Giannini, vice president of the
firm of L. Scatena* & Co., testified that
his firm had never been guilty of re
fusing to sell to any solvent purchaser
or of refusing to buy of any one on ac
count of his affiliation or non-affiliation
with any association. He also denied
that he had ever . made a deal at his
store and then delivered the goods from
the wharves.
A. J. Runyon of -the firm of Mc-
Donough & Runyon followed Giannini
on the. stand. * "He said: "There is 'no
charge against me, and I refuse to an
swer any question regarding -my busi
ness transactioris.'on or off State prop-*
erty. I don't want to answer a general
charge. Unless specific <¦ charges are
preferred against me I. refuse to .an
swer any questions." ..'.._ I ;,
Commissioner Kirkptarick then told
Runyon that the law gave the commis
sion the power to | compel the holders
of permits to appear for, hearing before
the board after giving them due notice.
The section. of the law in question was
then read, as follows:'
"In case of violation of his agreement
by the holder of any permit, the Board
of State Harbor Commissioners upon a
hearing, after giving due notice to, all
parties concerned and finding the" fact
of such violation, shall revoke and can
cel the permit, and shall not issue a
new permit to the offending party ex
cept upon a new execution of the
agreement herein set forth and the
payment of a fee of $50, . and the right
to receive a r\ew permit shall rest in
the discretion of said Board - of State
Harbor Commissioners."
Runyon was excused, and John G.
Polito of- 512. Valencia' street, secretary
of the Retail Fruit Dealers' Associa
tion of San Francisco, was * placed - on
the «tand.
Commissioner Spear asked Polito the
same questions that had been put to
the preceding witnesses. Polito said:
"I have been cited to appear here, and
as we have asked no permits of your
board and do not sell on the wharves
I don't see that the commission has
any right to inquire into the business
of the association. Therefore I refuse
to answer any questions. I know noth
ing of any combine such as has been
referred to."
Commissioner Kirkpatrick in reply to
Polito's statement said: "Your argu
ment is not good ground for refusal to
answer questions. A man might be a
witness in a murder. trial, or may have
killed a man, and still say that he knew
nothing about the case. That would
not stop the trial."
Commissioner Spear then asked:; "Do
you know of any violation whereby the
commission men refused to sell perish
able goods to any one on State prop
erty?" '
"I do not think so. whether the per
son belonged to the Retail Fruit Deal
ers' Association or not."' was the reply.
"Nor refused to buy?"
"No."
GRAVES' AFFIDAVIT.
A lone affidavit had been filed by J.
N. Graves of 122 Ninth street, propri
etor of the Standard Produce and Poul
try Company. The substance of the
affidavit was that he opened his. place
for trade on November 21 last, but
that he had not been able to procure
any stock of fruits or vegetables to
sell owing to the refusal of the whole
sale houses to sell them to him, not
withstanding that ;he ivas able and
willing to bay the. market prices pre
vailing and that he' was not, denied
goods because of any question of being
able to meet his accounts.- He called
between the 15th and. 18th of"Npvem
ber, bo he deposed,' on L. Scatena &
Co., and applied to Mr. Hahley, man
ager of the house, for goods, and was:
informed by . Hahley thaf'as' he
(Graves) was not; a member of \ the Re
tall Fruit Dealers' Association he (Han
ley) could not sell, the desired fruit and
vegetables, as the retailers' associa
tion would not permit sales to those
Who held no card of membership. -The
same experience, so deposed , Graves,
met him at the .wholesale houses .'of
Von Husen & ..Co. \ and IvancQvich. &
Co. and at Garcia' & MagglniV store. '
In part the affidavit of Graves , was
as follows: '.; . .- . ;
. It was explained to me by the 'wholesalers I
spoke, to "that no commission house in'the city
would let-me have Roods.' and that It would be
necessary. " f or , me- to Join the association before
I could think of engaging In the. produce*busi
ness in San Francisco. I waa advised by these
wholesale merchants to seek a membership In
the association, and all expressed '-" eagcrneM
to supply my store as soon as I could conform
'to the asrt*ments between. themselves .ind^the
retailers. • ,...',...'¦
I therefore went to a meeting, of i the Retail
Fruit Dealers' Association, held . in Native
Sons' Hall, on Mason street, to apply for; ad
mission to the association. I appeared before
the • organization while : it was In session. '^The
secretary, whose name I .believe to be- Pollto,
and the treasurer of /the' association, whose
name I do not know.' acted, as spokesmen In
making reply to my petition. They announced
that it was utterly Impossible for me to be
come a- member for -the reason that the store
of one of the members of the association was
located within ¦. feet of my proposed \ place ;
that under no conditions. would I be allowed to
open a stand across-the street, ' as ! I ¦ was seek
ing to do, from one already established and
owned by a member of the' association. ¦'.
I offered to present a . petition from a • great
majority of the people living in the ' vicinity, of
my store, asking that I be allowed to start my
business i there.'.' The'^ reply.'; was '-.thati-no such
effort, or any other, would be of avail.
TWO MEMBERS OF THE STATE BOARD OF HARBOR COMMISSIONERS, WHO YESTERDAY REVOKED THE
LICENSES OF FOUR WHOLESALE HOUSES. AND REPRESENTATIVES OF THE LATTER WHO AP
PEARED BEFORE THE BOARD. S*t
Regarding tjie recent disclosures of
fraud in the right-of-way department
of the road Mr. Clark said that the
company had figured that its losses,
resulting from the crooked transac
tions of its employes, amounted to
$7700. The suspected officials had been
forced to resign and no further trou
ble is expected.
| J. Ross Clark, vice president of the
' San Pedro, Los Angeles and Salt Lake
Railroad, is at the Palace Hotel, hav
ing just returned from Salt Lake,
where he was engaged in business con
nected with the company. While dis
cussing the progress being made in
the construction work from the Salt
Lake end of the new line last evening
he said:
"Unless, some unforeseen obstacle
arises the prediction made by Senator
Clark recently that the road will be
finished a year from next February
will certainly be fulfilled. Work is to
be rushed this winter and with that
pufpose In view we have been increas
ing our force of men all along the
route, j I was in Calientes several days
ago and 4 there they had already fin
ished sixteen miles of grading and the
tracks had been laid for about seven
miles. The mechanical track layer had
begun operations, and when I left it
was laying rails at the rate of about
5200 feet a day. '.' '
"There is no snow below Calientes
and the conditions are very favorable
for men to work throughout the entire
winter. At present there are about 600
men and 100 horses engaged there and
by the end of December we expect to
increase the force of men to between
1200 and 1500. During January, Febru
ary and March the company will prob
ably have 5000 men working at various
points along the route of the road,
especially in the desert sections, where
the heat of the summer makes labor
difficult."
J. Ross Clark Says the Labor Force
Will Soon Number Five Thou
sand Men.
RUSHING THE WORK
ON SALT LAKE ROAD
William H. Wolf of Wolf & Sons in
speaking for the produce dealers who
lost their permits said: "I think we
ought to be allowed to state our side
of the case in writing so that we do
not set all mixed up. We've got to do
business. I can't say just what course
we shall pursue at present. I am go
ing away for a few days and, on- my
return will endeavor to regain our per
mit." \
"After a due consideration we have
adopted a resolution revoking the per
mits of Wolf & Sons, L. Scatena & Co.,
McDonough & Runyon and Wetmore
Bros. J. A. Eveleth, whose name ap
pears among those summoned, ihaving
no permit, is beyond the jurisdiction
of the board. The secretary will be
instructed to notify the chief wharf
inger, and the proper officers under him
will see that these firms do no more
business on the wharves of the State."
Attorney Davis, for the Commission
ers In regard to the board's action,
when asked if the Commissioners would
pursue the same course in atl cases of
a like nature said: "It appears by the
board's action that it intends to treat
all violators of the Woodward law the
same." ii^'J - .
J. Witt of 25 Elgin place made a plea
for the produce dealers and tried to
explain that the prices of fruits and
vegetables could neVer be fixed, as the
supply was changing every day. % "The
supply, be it large or small, fixes the
prices on these goods," said he.
The board then adjourned to the ex
ecutive chambers with its attorney and
returned in ten minutes. Commissioner
Spear said:
"I protest against the attempt to turn
this place into a courtroom. I speak
for the consumers — the people who are
being robbed every day by this pro
duce combine. It is not right to force
any man to prefer charges against this
combine. As soon as he does this he
is boycotted and loses his position. It
is not for the small dealers to prefer
the charges. It is for you Commission
ers to act."
J. F. Cowdery, an attorney, rose to
be heard. In reply to a question from
Commissioner Spear as to who he was.
the attorney became very Indignant
and paid that as an American citizen
he had a right to be heard.
Commissioner Spear explained that it
was only customary to gain a person's
name before allowing him to talk.
Quiet was restored and the attorney
was allowed to speak." -He said:
COWDERY PROTESTS.
applied for. whereupon I (or we) agree to sur
render the same, and I (or we) agree that the
Board of State Harbor Commissioners shall be
the sole judges of the -fact of such violation I
(or we) having had a hearing in the matter.
Without seeing the Diamond Palace
would be like visiting Europe without
Keeinp Paris. It is a leading feature of
San Francisco, and is conceded to be
the most beautiful jewelry store in th©
world. Visitors or purchasers are equally
welcome. 221 Montgomery street, be
tween Bush and Pine. •
A Visit to San Francisco
Anna , Ross, a white woman, who
was charged with complicity in the
murder of Elizabeth Leroy, colored,
was found guiUy of murder in the first
degree and her punishment fixed at
life imprisonment, by a Jury this after
noon. Victor Walkirez, a negro, and
her companion, was convicted of the
same crime and given the same pun
ishment by a jury some weeks ago.
The crime for which they. must pay
the penalty was committed at Golden
Gate on May 6. Mrs. Leroy, an aged
colored wpman, was killed and buried
under her home. A month later Anna
Ross informed the police. Walkirez
was captured at Hollister^after several
days' search. While she admitted see
ing the murder committed, the woman,
denied that she took any part in 1 it
and said it was done against her will.
Both are young yet, neither being 30
years of age. It was by the informa
tion Anna Ross g-ave to the police that
Walkirez was captured and later by
her evidence that he was convicted.
She did what she could to have him
hanged and he retaliated when her
trial came on and made his testimony
ag&inst her as strong as possible. A
number of notes written by them that
were intercepted while! they were both
being held in jail also helped make the
case strong against her. She will be
sent to San Quentin, as there are no
women at Folsom.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Dec. 3.
W. H. Wolf sat at the table with the
Commissioners at the beginning of the
proceedings. He was questioned by
Attorney Davis for the Commissioners.
Wolf pleaded for time to put the case
or the merchants on paper. Commis
sioners Spear and Kirkpatrick refused
to wait. Commissioner Mackenzie was
not present.
"Mr. Wolf, have you at any 'time
been party to any agreement, under
standing 1 or conspiracy in the selling of
Commissioner Kirkpatrick said, after
this had been read, that the board would
have to refuse to consider the commu
nication on the ground that the board
had a right to summon and examine,
at any time, any person holding the
permit of the board to sell perishable
products on the State's property.
• With no other desire than to aid In bringing
out the truth In the best and quickest way,
we hope that your honorable body will appre
ciate the advantage and even necessity of act-
Ing In the usual course of judicial procedure,
especially where si great an industry as the
produce business of this State Is concerned.
BEFTTSES TO CONSIDER.
u<- reeenjly.
We therefore respectfully request that your
honorable b<->dy fhould proceed In this matter
tr-cordng to the usual American method —
the method of all civilized countries — and that
th'.- comola.inant should file with your hon
orable body written epecine charge* of the vio
lation* h»* complains of. giving time, place and
circumstance!-, and that we should be given a
W7 of euch charges, which we will be glad
t<j answer on twenty-four hours' notice.
But we btlleve It "would demean both your
honorable body and ourselves and result In no
B- od for you to investigate or for us to under
take to answyr central Elurs and loose impu
tation* which have been falsely showered on
To th* Honorable Board of Etmte Harbor
qjlllli.lwHwra City- Deer Sirs: The under
filled bave received a notification from your
honorable body, dated November 27. to ap
pear tx-fcre you on Thursday, December o, for
th- purpr*- cf investigating the alleged viola
tion of the crovlsSons of the law regulating
tho pales of perishable products on the wharves
and other St«t<- property" in this city.
We fev*rally state that neither of ub has
violated buch law and no one of us knowe of
any puch violation.
While thl* dental might, and we believe
should, be sufficient, we beg to eay that we
appreciate the fact that your honorable body
ha« heard statements aiid rumors (which have
b~n Klvea considerable circulation by a news
j.srer of thi* city), which might be considered
a reason for your board to ascertain the truth
in retard to Urt charge* made, and w» wel
i-jrr.e the opportunity to prove that the under
went and the commiMlon merchants gener
ally of this city have in no regard violated
the law referred to. nor pursued any course
r.i«t In thp best Interests of the great produce
industry of our State.
Very little testimony was secured
fnm the representatives of the large
commission houses whose representa
tives had been cited to appear. At the
outset of the proceedings the board
was confronted with the following com
munication from W. H. Wolf. J. A.
Evclcth. J. G. Wetmore. A. J. Runyon
and A. Giannini.
DENY VIOLATING LAW.
A resolution was adopted in which
the revocation of the permits of the
four firms that have been mentioned
was effected and the secretary of the
board was instructed to notify the chief
wharfinger that they must not be al
lowed to do business on the State's
wharves or other State property in this
The hearing before the Commission
ers began at 10:30 a. m. At that hour
there was a score of men in the room.
These men were prominently connected
with the commission business. There
were also some others, who as citizens
watched the proceedings with the ex
pectation that the views of the Com
miw=ioners would be developed. In this
they were not disappointed. The
board, when it met with denials relat
ing to its jurisdiction to act under the
law and with refusals on the part of
the holders of permits to sell relative to
their observance of the legal provisions
forbidding conspiracies or agreements
in restraint of the sale and purchase of
perishable products, moved swiftly and
with decision.
merous
This was the outcome of a hearing
instituted by the Harbor Commission
ers to determine how the Woodward
law is being observed by the commis-
Fion men and others doing business in
this city on the State's wharves. The
action of the Commissioners was to
tally unexpected and a tremendous sen
sation was occasioned in the section
where the commission men are nu-
The Board of Harbor Commissioners
yesterday revoked the | permits pre
viously Issued to four of the largest
commission houses in San Francisco
to sell perishable products on the State
property in this city under the terms
of the "Woodward law. These firms are
Wolf & Sans, 321 Davis street; L. Sca
tena & Co.. 104 Washington street; Mc-
Donough & Runyon.of 416 Davis street,
and Wetmore Bros, of 415 Washington
street.
San. Quentin's Walls to Re
strain Both Murderer3
of Mrs. Leroy. .
Unlawful Combination, Forbidden Under Woodward
Act, Causes Loss by Merchants of Privilege of
Selling Perishable Goods on the State Wharves
Jury Finds Her Guilty
of Murder and Fixes
Penalty.
LIFE SENTENCE
FOR ANNA ROSS
HARBOR BOARD SHOWS DISAPPROVAL OF PRODUCE RING
BY REVOKING PERMITS OF FOUR COMMISSION HOUSES
THE SAN i FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY.. DECEMBER .4,; 1903.
16
ADVEBTISE2IZNT&
Oriental Goods
At Wholesale Prices
W« Offer Ottr Entire 3Sztz» rinm Col»
l«c tloa c*
Oriental Rugs
AND CURTAINS
At 25 Per Cent
X>l»oocst 1/om rcfslAr retail prtc«a.
' We ere sole agent* for
JOHN CROSSLEY & SON'S
CELEBRATED EN&ISfl CARPETS
Chas,M.Pluffl£Co.
Cor. 9th and Market Sts.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SlCKERli^
h pianos
k- \^r have long ago solved the I
• IP^f piano question to the mvsic /
ncy ' ovcr * "^ e most sc * cnt^ c I
WU labor has produced a work I
'ft Mr:*' of art 'Which cannot be im- /
\ ' proved upon. J ;
I Favllless in Tone. 1
/ Perfect in WorKmanship. . if i
> Ben), CURTAZ & SorR
J ", ;<sole"agenib< Jlf:'
I 16 O'Farrell St., K'
Y . > SAN FRANCISCO. v Uf
Y San Jose,; Fresno,'; )
* V • N Ala-reHa, 8tocktO' V
AD VEBTISEMENTS.
ISSny A i^i n^ E^rj et *^*^.
rriday. Saturday. Saturday Hi*ht.
CREAMERY BUTTER. 45c SQUARE 3Oc.
P8ESB TABLE 7BUXT, 3-1 b. cans. . .14a
Best Ripe Peaches. Pears and Apricots.
futting's Finest, In heavy syrup: regular
20c cans, for this sale 14c: open for nm-
Pllng. | ;
GOOD RANCH EGGS. DOZEN 4O«?.
SUGAR PSAS, Early Jose, 3 cans.., 2 jo
Extra tender and fine flavor; dozen, 95c.
20c QUART BOTTLE SALAD OIL. 15g. *
CLUSTER RAISINS. 3 lbs 23o
Large Fresno Raisins; regular 15c.
LEMARCHAND SARDINES, 40c CAN 30o.
PAPEB-SHELI. AXaSOZTOS, lb 12c
Best large, meaty Almonds; worth 20c.
MAMMOTH MIXED NUTS— 20c POUND 15c".
JAVA jTMOCXTAT^Brokea," 3 lbs BOo
Whole or ground; one of our standing
specials; has aroma and strength of high-
est priced coffee; single pound 20c.
MONOFOLK CHAMPAGNE. PIXT9 40cT~
WORCESTERSHIRE SAUCE, 2 hot 3 25o
Genuine J. Marshall & Co. : regular sise.
NEW LIMA BEANS. POCND Kc.
PANCT IUXEirCAXEs7lb 16a
. American Biscuit Co. Chocolate. Fix
Bars, High Toa*. Fruit Wafers. Ginger.
Uraham. etc.: regular 2Ce and 2.V.
WHISKY, old~MUler7large"bot 50c
Good for chilly mornings; regularly 75c.
IMPERIAL. BRANDY. FULL QT. BOT. Owe.
SWEET WINES, Elsen, gal 85c
8-year Port. Sherry. Angelica, Muscatel;
regular $1 13.
OLD TOM GIN— OOc BOTTLE 65c.
BULK WHISKIES—
Good Bourbon. 12.25 gallon Jl.Tr.
Horseshoe Whiskey, gallon *2.»W»
Kentucky O. K. Bourbon, $3 gal #-.-",
Club Rye Whiskey. $3.25 gal £-- 4:i
Monogram Rye, J4.CO gal #.'t.*M>
Old McBrayer. $150 gal »3..'>t>
~~ SATURDAY NIGHT ONLY.
BEST ENGLISH 'WALSrUTS, lb Ho
This quality elsewhere 2Cc.
SOLID PACK TOMATOES, 4 car. S... 23a
Rejrular luc: large cans: ripe Tomatoes.
1001 FILLMORE ST. U9 TAYLOR ST
CAFE LANGHAM/f
144 Mason Street,
.Opens Saturday,
December 5th.
CAHEN BROS.. Proprietors
¦ «KiA Q KB mm H a 9 B M M
%Wfc^ysN^2f sir i mm. mm VlWi ' ±i ~1 *1 ft Ft
IlJ? favorite -
IBESCRIPTION
iL FORWEAKWOMEIN.
JOE BOSENBEBCFS.
DOLLS 1/ |^ G005
At / & Price.
k§ \*3 tag's of thMo offerings, jl sample line, or which <5e — »
are no two alike. We bougrht them at a Terr liberal
discount and of course our patrons will profit by it. Taty are dressed and
undressed. Some in fancy costumes, others plain; all ha^e shoas «*n<-*
Ing-s and hats. SOOO samples, of which, we only enumerate a fewtartnw
how we will sell them: w 9uaw
DOLLS. DOLLS.
With bisqu'e heads and natural Satin dress, made in DoIJv Varden
blonde hair; fancy dress and Kate brocade. also lace and ribbon
Castleton bonnet. 11 inches in trimmed; pink satin Paris hat flu
length. Sample price 14c ished with Marguerites; i* irirhp<i
l-n^kl I 42. 1OnS - SampIe priCe 23c
With pretty bisque head, dimples UV^i-I^Oi
and teeth; fancy dress, with lace Dressed in anU:-flnl*h<>r* >t,. •«
epaulettes; hat tb match; also shoes cloth-* Dolly Varden WiH«" ei i"* a
and stockings; 11 inches long. Sam- also KateCaffion fen*
P le P rIce -Jop net; 16 inches in length; shoes and
r-\g^%l T C ' stockings to match dress. Sample
iJWL^l^O* price «uc
20 inches long, with an extra fine w— v #~v i w *~~>
bisque face. Irish blue eyes and I Jt Jl „ L^.
black curly hair; twilled satin. , .
dressed with Queen Louise dress. If inches long; dressed in fancy
lace trimmed and embroidered yoke. Pique cloth, braid and lace trimmed;
Marie Antoinette bonnet, lace and P°K e bonnet. flower and lace
ribbon trimmed; also shoes and trimmed: also shoes and stockings.
stockings. Sample price 8»c Sample price s;j c
DOLLS. DOLLS.
Dressed in near silk, trimmed with 22 inches long, with fancy satin
Breton lace? Fleutina hat, also lace brocaded dress. Gretchen yoke,
trimmed, shoes and stockings to waist; Panzene hat. chiffon and r»s-
match the dress; 23 inches long. trich feather trimmed. Sample
Sample price UOc price $l.f)O
Child's Hose. . . Children's Combination Suits.
JKfni«. Of .« 1 ?"f«t IS M nd i,- C ?i«rJ Th<> Mentor make (none better 1 *.
ik£ * f i ?• i ' J 1 1/ * Iade of knitted fabric, fleece lined.
ribbed, elastic. and medium weight; hleh neck i onE sleeves and ank£
all sizes. At the Price Cutter's for fe'gtnTpatent drop seal *"& *nill
• A P alr 1UC gray or white. The perfect-fitting
ChHd'S YeStS • kind. Large and small sizes. .50c
Made of soft-finished yarn, jersey Children's GOWIIS.
knit, high neck and long sleeves; UUIIUICU d ounua.
the perfect-tttting kind. In gray or Made of steam-shrunk flannelette,
white. PANTS to match, French double yoke back, rolling collar. In
band, ankle length. Price pink and blue stripes. Large and
A garment U."> c small sizes oOc
Jilt Kilor^Hrriil 1 you wni Find w 3 ssii
816 Market Street and 11 O'Farrell Street, Fhelan Building.