n T. THOMAS, D. W. I.,
*J No~j. 6. — The German
warships here are coaling,
attd it is reported that they
have been hurriedly ordered
to San Domingo, oiving to
the seriousness of the situa
tion there.
IQaiser's Ships
Are Ordered to
San Domingo
• Continued _ oa Page 3, Columns 3 t 4 and 5.
Herbert Spencer Honored.
STOCKHOLM, Nov. 6.— Herbert Spencer
has received one of the .Alfred Nobel
prizes. : •
VIENNA, Nov. C— It is rumored at So
fia that Prince Ffrdir.and's mother. Prin
cess Clementine, has issued an appeal- to
the sovereigns of Europe on behalf of
the Macedonian refugees. Emperor Fran
cis Joseph has sent $2000 for the aid of
tbc refugees,
Princess Clementine Said to Have
Called Upon Europe for
Aid.
APPEALS FOR HELP FOB
THE MACEDONIANS
WASHINGTON. Nov. 6.— Secretary
Moody received a dispatch an
nouncing the arrival of the gunboat Ha
chlas at Beirut on her way to Jibuti,
French Somaliland, with Consul General
Skinner and the other members of the
Abyssinian expedition.
The Machias stopped at Beirut to take
aboard a detachment of marines from the
Brooklyn and the San Francisco which Is
to escort the Consul General's party into
the interior of Abyssinia.
Consul General Skinner and Marines
Aboard United States Gunboat .
Machias. . .
ABYSSINIAN EXPEDITION
ARRIVES AT BEIRUT
SPOKANE, Nov. 6.— A. B. Mareschault
of Spokane, while in Nelson, B. C, to-day
dropped a rcll of fifteen flOO bank notes
through a hole in his pocket. A few min
utes latfr they were picked up by a
passerby and being perfectly new were
• thought to be counterfeit. He gave them
away to acquaintance's, most of whom
passed them on, no one Trfshlnc to have
possession of a supposed counterfeit bill
. of such larse amount. Some of the bills
changed hands five times. During the
evening Mareschault discovered his loss
and notified the police. The bills were
ail traced up and recovered by the police,
not one of the possessors guessing the real
value of the bills.
B« Counterfeit.
quaintances Believing the Bills to
Finder Gives Them Away to Ac-
SPOKANE MAN LOSES
ROLL OF BANK NOTES
BRISTOL. Tenn., Nov. 6.— Dr. John S.
Wentz said to-night that a letter re
ceived by his family purporting to be from
their son, Edward L. Wentz, and asking
that $100,000 be paid for his ransom, was
not written by the young man. Dr. Wentz
added that no new clew had been found
during the search for his son. He aUo
says that the man who brought the letter
to the family from the mountains is an
Impostor and the letter a clumsy forgery.
The prevailing opinion among the citi
zens here is that young Wentz Is held
somewhere for a heavy ransom.
Demanding Money Is a
Forgery.
Wentz's Father Says That the Letter
DENIES THE STORY
OF A HEAVY RANSOM
BRUSSELS, Nov. 6.-Natives have .at
tacked and plundered the post at Lulura
burg, on the Upper Congo. The Euro
peans at the post escaped.
LONDON, Nov. 7.— The Cape Town cor
respondent of the Daily Mail reports that
the German police post of *Usibis has been
surrounded and the garrison "murdered
and that the German garrison of sixty
white soldiers at Keetmanshoop has been
attacked. \
"The majority of the colonial
troops, including a mounted battery, to
gether with 300 men, have started for
Warmbad. No further news has been re
ceived from the scene of the fighting."
It is said that the Bindetzwar tribe,
which massacred the garrison of the fort
at warmbad and the German inhabitants
of a' neighboring village and took the
English families prisoners, numbers about
500 fighting men.
CAPE TOWN, Nov. 6.— Official advices
received here fully confirm the massacre
at Warmbad, Damaraland, German South
west Africa, by the Bindetzwar tribes
men. The Germans gallantly fought to
the end, but were 'overwhelmed. It Is
believed that none of them escaped.
Warmbad wag burned.
Reports of Isolated murders of German
traders are also coming In. The rebellion
In Damaraland Is officially attributed to
distress caused by the drought, j
A German missionary from Damaraland
reports that Lieutenant Jobst, command-,
ant at Warmbad, ordered the Bondelz
wartz to deliver up their rifles for regis
tration. A deputation of the native.3 met
the commandant to discuss the matter
and an altercation arose. The command-"
ant, being incensed, shot the Bondelz
wartz chief, killing him.. This led to a
general attack by the natives. In which It
Is believed that fifteen of the soldiers In
the garrison were killed and that few
escaped. The German. Consul here de
clines to give any information.
•yvERLIN. Nov. 6.— A dispatch from
n^~ the Government of German
ff^% Southwest Africa, dated Wind
•*"^^ hoek, November 5, says:
"The clos9 connection this created, between the. two gov
ernments was well set forth by President Polk In his mes
sage transmitting the treaty to . the Senate". ! He~sald : "The
Importance of the concession to the . commercial and , polit
ical interests of. the United States cannot 'be overrated. The
route by t the Isthmus of Panama Is 'the shortest between the
two oceans, and from the Information "herewith communicat
ed It would seem . to be the most practicable \ for a railroad
or canal. Thft.Vast advantages to our commerce which would
result from such a communication, ' not only from* the west
coast of America,, but .with; Asia" and 'the islands of the Pa
cific, are too obvious to require any ; . details . Such a passage
will save us from a . long ' and " dangerous navigation of more
than 9000 miles around- the Horn, and render- our communi
cation with our, own! possessions on the northwest" coast of
America comparatively easy .; and; speedy: .'The,; treaty does
not propose ' to ; guarantee ' a " treaty to a' foreign nation In
which the United ' States wlH have no common'; interest with
that nation. 'On the .-contrary, "we 'are more' deeply and di
rectly Jnteres'ted In the : subject 'of j the guarantee than - New
Granada herself or' any other'country.'
"These considerations, : the -\ controlling nature of which
were at onco recognized so long ago) have, become' more and
more Important in every. year, that has elapsed since the treaty
was . written.. Ouf*> acquisition of Hawaii "and the Philippines
has given them a greatly enhanced, validity. The control, in
the interest- of -commerce -and traffic of the whole civilized
world;'of the. means of undisturbed transit across the Isthmus
of Panama, has become of- transcendent importance i to the
United. States, _ ..-.:".- "• * ' "" ' ' '
"This; Is a right which we acquired by the treaty, not
gratuitously conferred, but in, return, for an important
pensation, for in the same article the' Government of the
United States guarantees 'positively and efficaciously to New
Granada by the present' stipulation the perfect neutrality of
the before-mentioned isthmus - with ". the view that the- free
transit from the one to the other sea may not be Interrupt
ed or embarrassed • in any future time while this treaty ex
ists; and lifc_ consequence -the United "¦> States.- guarantees in
the . same manner the rights of sovereignty and- property
which New Granada has and possesses over the said • terri
tory.' .'.:'- .7 : ¦ ¦- '
matter is not only in the strictest accordance with
the principles of justice and equity and In line with all the best
precedents of our public policy, but it was the only course he
could have taken In compliance with out treaty rights and obli
gations. By our treaty, entered into with New Granada in
the year 1846, New Granada guaranteed that 'the right of
way or transit across the: Isthmus of Panama, upon any
modes of communication that now exist or that may be
hereafter constructed, shall be free : and open to the Gov
ernment and citizens of the United States.'
IT W Q ASHINGTON, Nov. 6.— The Secretary of State to-
U M jf day made the following statement in regard to af
ff' ' J^ f fairs on the Isthmus of Panama:
**"^^^ "The action of the President in the Panama
Secretary of State Explains the Attitude
of the American Government.
"The right to this control we have never forfeited by any
laxity of our own, either in the assertion of our rights or In
the performance of our duty under the treaty. • In 1S33 Mr.
Everett assured the Peruvian Minister that we should not
hesitate to maintain the neutrality of the isthmus in the case
of war between Peru and Colombia. In 1864 Colombia, which
has always "been vigilant to avail Itself of Its privilege con
ferred by the treaty, expressed Its expectation that in the
event of war between Peru and Spain the United States
would carry Into effect the guarantee of neutrality. .
"There have been few administrations of the State De
partment in which thi3 treaty has not by either one side or
the other been used as the basis of more or less Important
demands. It was said by Mr. Fish in 1871 that the Depart
ment of State had reason to believe that an attack upon Co
lombian sovereignty on ithe Isthmus had on several occasions
been averted by warning from this Government. In 1SS6,
when. Colombia was under the menace of hostilities from
Italy In the CerrutI case. Mr. Bayard , expressed the serious
concern that • the , United States could not but feel that a
European power should resort to force against a sister re
public on this hemisphere, as to the sovereign and uninter
rupted .use of a. part of whose territory we are guarantors
under the solemn faith of a treaty. The United States has
not only constantly . protected Colombia from foreign
invasion on the" •trength of the rights and "duties cre
ated by the treaty of .1846, but has time and again Intervened
to preserve the freedom of traffic from disturbance in the
course of domestic dissensions. In these cases we have In
tervened sometimes at the suggestion of Colombia, some
times on ' our own* Impression of the necessities of the case,
but always to the profit of Colombia as well as universal
commerce. The position of the United States was clearly set
forth by Mr. Seward in' these words:
UNCLE SAM WILL BE NEUTRAL.
. " 'The United States have taken and will take no inter
est In any question" of internal revolution In the State of
Panama or any State of the United States of Colombia, but
will maintain a: perfect neutrality in regard to such domestic
controversies. - The United States will, nevertheless, hold
'themselves ready to protect the transit trade across the isth
mus against "invasion- of either domestic or foreign disturbers
of the peace of j'the. State of Panama.'
"There has never been any doubt' of the validity of the
treaty of 1846 to guarantee free and open transit either for
American citizens or for the Government of the United States.
We have used the Isthmus for the transit of troops and of
fugitives - from justice, and a protocol was signed at Bogota
on the 22d of February, 1879, acknowledging this right of
transit for. troops . and extradited fugitives belonging to the
United States, a right as- is declared in the' protocol, 'which
is established in compensation for the guarantee of the sov
ereignty, and property of the isthmus, to which the same
Government . is , bound.' ... •¦ \ .*,'.
"It must not be lost sight of that, this treaty is not de-
Soldiers Hurry to
the Scene of
Massacre.
TAR AND FEATHERS
FOB HOTEL CLEEK
tha Middle of the
Street.
Angry Mob Punishes Its Victim in
CHARLOTTE, Mich., Nov. 6.— A mob
administered a coat of tar and feathers to
J. Ward Copeland, the clerk of a lead
ing hotel here, in the middle of the main
street of the town at 8 o'clock this even
ing. Public indignation had been. aroused
by charges that he was responsible for
an attempt made by Mabel Sturtevant,
a guest at the hotel, to hang herself in
her room Sunday evening. This attempt
at suicide nearly succeeded and she is
still In a critical condition.
Copeland's clothing was torn from him.
Members oi the mob adorned lapels of
their coats with shreds aa souvenirs and
then liberal Quantities of tar and feath
ers were applied to his body. The ring
leader then warned Copeland to leave
town within twenty-four hours on pain
of a second application.
ADVISORY BOARD MAY
ASSIST "WAR OFFICE
Premier Balfour Makes Important
Recommendation to King:
Edward.
LONDON, Nov. t— It was officially an
nounced to-night thttf~PremIer Balf our,
with King Edward's approval, has, after
consultation with the Secretary of War,
appointed a committee to advise concern-
Ing- the creation of a board for the admin
istrative business of the War Office and
the consequent changes .involved. Tha
committee named are Viscount Esher, Ad
miral Sir John A. Fisher and Colonel Sir
George S. Clarke.
RABBIS CHARGED WITH
CXJELTY TO ANIMALS
Denver Officer Makes Serious Accusa
tions Against Prominent
Hebrews.
DENVER, Nov. 6.— Oliver E. Tufts, an
officer of the. Humane Society of Color
ado, to-day swore to information against
several Jewish rabbis of this city, charg
ing them with cruelty to animals In their
method of butchering beef cattle.
The matter is now In the hands of the
District Attorney. No arrests have as yet
been made.'"*-*
Papal Exhibit for the Fair.
ROME, Nov. 6^-An official note has
been written by Monsignor Merry del
Val, Papal Secretarer of State, under in
structions from thevPope, accepting the
invitation to be represented at th© St.
Louis Exposition.
Chilean Crisis -Near an End.
SANTIAGO DE CHILE, Nov. 6.— The
Ministers of the Interior, Foreign Affairs,
Finance aad War have withdrawn their
resignations tendered October 31, and th*
crisis la expected to cad soon, .
Freweert at once sent back the neces
eary papers to establish his Identity and
a request for further particulars . and ad
vice.
STOCKTON. Nov. G._From the life of
u farm laborer at wa OT of $40 prr month
to an inheritance of S2S.000 is a long step,
but it is a very quirk and surprising one
to Charles Freweert of this county.
Freweert has been working on ranches
in this locality for some time, and of
late has been employed at a ferry near
Undine on Ur.ion Island. One day this
week he received a bulky envelope with
many foreign stamps on it and bearing
the postmark of Hamburg, Germany. He
tore it open and found a. notification
from a firm of Hamburg attorneys that
Frcweert's millionaire uncle had died and
left to him and his two sisters, who are
married and live in this dty, a legacy
amounting to $24,000.
ZCillicriaire Uncle Dies in Germany
Leaving Him a Substantial
Legacy.
FARM 1 ABO HER PAXLS
HT.IR TO A FORTUNE
The Government at Santo Domingo had
directed that, the cargo which was de
stined for Puerto Plata and Domana
should be delivered at the capital, so that
the Government could get the duties. The
captain of the Cherokee refused to do this
and protested to United States Minister
Powell. Now that the Cherokee is dis
charging here the revolutionists will get
the duties. * '
that the revolutionists' army
is marching on the capital of the Domini
can republic and that there is immediate
necessity for the presence there of an
American warship. .
The cruiser Newport has already been
ordered from Savannah, Ga., to Puerto
Plata, but her course will probably be di
verted to Santo Domingo City. The
cruiser Baltimore .was due to-day at
Puerto Plata, where orders await her di
recting her to go direct to Colon, Panama,
to join the ships already assembled there
aa a result of the isthmian revolution.
PUERTO PLATA, Nov. 6.— The Clyde
line steamship has run the blockade and
is now discharging her cargo here. The
Government gunboat had orders to sink
her if she tried to force the blockade.
V V % ASIIINGTON. Nov. 6.— "United
B a jf States Minister PoweH, at
B B, f Santo Domingo City, lias in
*m^<\ji* formed the State Department
Special Dispatch to The Call
Diplomat Sends
Warning of
Trouble.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 6.-Convicted by
court-martial of having hazed underclass
men at the Naval Academy, Midshipmen
Joseph Drummond Little of Ohio. John
Henry Lofland of Iowa and Worden Chaf
fee of Wisconsin were to-day ordered dis
missed from the service by Secretary
Moody. They will never be eligible for re
admission to the Naval Academy, al
though their offense was mild in its ef
fect on the "plebes" who were hazed.
Captain Brownaon, superintendent of.
the Naval Academy, who brought tha
record of the court-martial to the Navy
Department this afternoon, expects this
drastic action to have a signal effect in
exterminating hazing at the academy. Th<j
unusual part about thfs case is that the
midshipmen dismissed are all members of
the first or senior class, members of
which generally hold themselves aloof
from "running" underclassmen and whose
assistance In the preservation of disci
pline has been so great during the past
year that the anti-smoking rule was ab
rogated In their favor.
¦ It was evident that these seniors, how
ever, were unwilling that the academy
should be robbed of the traditional hazing
practices when the second and third
classes were both pledged not to annoy
"plebes."
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The Prince and his wife are Polyne
sians, and although their skin is dark in
liue they are readily distinguishable from
the African race.
The Prince, however, refused to abide
toy the wishes of the management, which
has since found that it Insulted two peo
ple high In Government circles, who have
attended many of the most exclusive
functions held in Washington and New
York. The management after learning of
tho blunder sent special emissaries to the
hotel apartments of the Prince to make
due amend.", but he scorned them and left
for th East, far from pleased with his
treatment.
COLUMBUS. Ohio. Nov. 6.— J. K. Kiiia
riolie. Delegate to the Fifty-eighth Con
gress from Hawaii and affectionately
known br the people In his native land as
"Prince Cupid." met with an experience
<Jmlr^ his brief stay here which was
fcumHIatlsg, to say the least.
Prince and Princess "Cupid" were oc
ctf ants of a box at the Southern Theater,
•whirli Is controlled by George Ketchazn
cf Toledo, and were thoroughly enjoying
their sarrouTidix^s when tfc« Priace was
suddenly tapped upon the shoulder by an
attache and requested to "bring the wom
sn." so the story goes.
Tfce Prince, who is universally treated
¦rirh disiicsTiishcd consideration by states
men and men of nobility, thought at first
that sosk mistake had been made, but he
was invited again to accompany the em
r-loye to the rear of the house. He was
there told wiih scant ceremony to leave
the box, his identity being unknown at
the time and the attaches laboring under
the impression that a rule against one
frhade of skin takes in all, regardless of
distinction.
Special Dlspatdi to Tfca Call.
Hope3 to Stamp Out Practice
of Making Life Miser
able for "Plebes."
Wife of the Royal Islander
Also Has Unpleasant
Experience.
Takes Drastic Action
in Cases of Three
Young Officers.
Delegate to Congress
Is Mistaken for
a Uegro.
Secretary of Navy
Dismisses Them
in Disgrace.
"Cupid" of Hawaii
Ordered Out of
Playhouse.
MIDSHIPMEN
ARE OUSTED
FOR HAZING
HUMILIATE
THE PRINCE
IN THEATER
UNITED STATES RECOGNIZES PANAMA REPUBLIC;
GERMAN WARSHIPS WILL SPEED TO SAN DOMINGO
Alcazar— "Too Much Johnson. 1 *
Alhambra— Ellery's Royal Ital
ian Band.
California — Haverly's Min
strels.
Central — "At Valley Por*e."
Columbia — "The Storks.".
Fischer's — "Bubss and Roses."
Grand — "Ben Bur."
Orphenm — Vaudeville.
The Chutes— Vaudeville.
Tivoli— Grand Opera.
•-¦ THE WEA3BXB.X
--o .7*2 jy.*-
clsco- f cr thirty honra eadlnjr
mirtnigfct. November 7, 1903:
Saa rraaclsco aad viclaity —
Clcuiy. unsettled weather Sat
urday: probably Vifht ¦hewers;
lisrht northerly winds, chanelnr
to fresh southerly.
A. Q. KcADK,
District Forecaster.
VOLUME XCIV— NO. 160.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 1903.
TTjASHINGTON, Nov. 6. — President Roosevelt to-day gave recognition id the de facto government of Panama. Orders were issued for the President's yacht,
\JLS Mayflower, with Rear Admiral J. B. Coghhn and H. A. Gudger, United States Consul at Panama, aboard, and the cruiser Baltimore, now in Dominican wa
ters, to join the seven other warships already en route to Colon and Panama. This force is considered sufficient to cope zvith the situation in which the accidental
killing of tzCo Chinamen has been the only bloodshed. Dr. Herran, the Colombian Charge d' Affaires here, has his books packed in expectation of being immediately
recalled when the Colombian Government receives the note sent to-day. The relations between the United States and Colombia are severely strained, but the South
American republic is too weak to declare war. •
The San Francisco Call.
YOUNG FIGHTERS ENLISTED IN THE
ARMY OF COLOMBIA WHO MAT EN
GAGE IN A DESPERATE WAR ON
PANAMA, AND TYPES OF MARINES
WHO ARE AT THE SCENE OF
TROUBLEWINNIPEG. Man.. Nov. 6 J. A. David-
Bon, Provincial Treasurer of Manitoba, died
here to-day.
Enjoyed Confidence of His Employers.
CHICAGO, Nov. 6.— Goven, While in this
city, was connected with the Provision
Dealers' Dispatch Company and was also
private secretary to Henry Botsford, a
wealthy business man. He had the entire
confidence of his employers and large
sums of money passed through his hands.
He disappeared one day and an exam
ination of his accounts revealed a short
age of about 125,000.
Gradually running short of funds, Goven
still made a great attempt to keep up ap
pearances. He took a room* at the Hotel
Portland on the European plan. He paid
for It with his last few dollars. Then he
saw Plnkerton and decided to end it all
and face his former employers,
i Pinkerton did not know if the Botsford
Provision Company wished his arrest at
present but wired to find out.
Chief O'Neill of Chicago telegraphed the
Portland police to arrest C. C. Cloven on
a charge of embezzlement. So Detectives
Day and Weiner took the Chicago man
In charge yesterday afternoon. His at
tire was impeccable, his manner was ele
gant, but the man wanted for the embez
zlement of $25,000 had but a two-bit piece
in his pocket. When the question of a
route to Chicago was brought up Goven
at once requested that he go by way of
San Francisco that he might see his wife,
who is seriously 111. Ho will probably be
humored.
PORTLAND, Or., Nov. 6.— With only 25
cents in his pocket, Charles G. Goven,
who embezzled $25,000 from the Botsford
Provision Company of Chicago two years
ago, yesterday surrendered himself to
William A. Plnkerton, the well known de
tective. Pinkerton was a guest at the
Hotel Portland and Goven also was stay
ing at the house.
"I'm tired of wandering around. I'm
sick of this, and I am willing to go
back to Chicago," declared Goven. "I
just saw you sitting here and I said to
myself that the best thing I. could do
was to surrender to you. and tell you who
I was. I'm about out of money."
Since Goven left Chicago two years ago
he has been In almost every part of
North America. For a time he took part
In a revolution in Nicaragua. Then the
homesick feeling forced him back to the
neighborhood of Chicago. The fear .of
detection and arrest drove him westward
and his next stopping place was Butte,
Mont.
Special Dlssatch to The Can.
Embezzler From Chi
cago Wearies of
Dodging Polica
GIVES HIMSELF
UP AT PORTLAND
A Guaranteed Cure for Files.
ItchlOK. Blind. Bleeding or Protruding Plies.
Tour druggist will refund ¦ money - if ¦ Paso
Ointment falls to cure you in 0 to 14 dayi. SOc*
We have all the new pictures and
frames for the coming Holiday .trade
now on exhibition and sale. 'Inspection
desired. Sanborn, Vail & Col, 741 Mar
ket street. S ¦ • ¦ - ¦ ¦ ¦ •
Don't be fooled In trading a substance
for a Bhadow. Any substitute offered as
"just as good" as many of the well
known and popular remedies, is a
shadow of that medicine. There are
cures behind claims , made for the well
known remedies, which no "'just as
good" medicines can show.
REDDING. Nov. 6.— Edward M. Brown,
brakeman on a ballast train, had a nar
row escape from death this afternoon
near Bairds spur. He fell beneath the
train, was caught on the huge steel plow,
and was dragged a distance of fifty yards.
His left ankle was sprained and his body
and legs are severely bruised. He was
irouffht to Redding for medical treatment
and was then taken on to Red . Bluff,
where "he lives. ¦ '
Brakeman Narrowly Escapes Death.
The fire In the village of Blsbon was
confined to the yard of the Chicago Coal
and Lumber Company. Four million feet
of lumber was burned. Loss $40,000.
MILWAUKEE, Nov. 6.— A special to
the Sentinel from Ashland, Wls., says:
Big Loss of Lumber by Fire.
ST. LOUIS, Nov. 6.— Charles Weissman,
one of the vice presidents. of the Hebrew
Jefferson Club," was. sentenced by Judge
Adams in the United States District Court
to-day to serve , three years in the State
penitentiary and to pay a fine of $1 for
his connection with the. fraudulent nat
uralization of aliens in the : St. Louia
Court of Appeals.
Charles Weissman Must Pay the Pen
alty of Participation in Recent '
Fraud.
CLTJB VICE PRESIDENT
IS SENT TO A PRISON
VALLEJO, Nov. 6.— The writ of habeas
corpus applied for by Attorney Devlin be
fore Judge Buckles in the Superior Court
at Suisun to-day for the release of Dan
O'Sulllvan, who is under arrest on a
charge of assault with a deadly weapon,
committed on Richard Dunphy, an arm
less veteran, was granted. The Judge de
cided that two courts, could not have
Jurisdiction over the same case, and
O'Sullivan had already been put under
bonds by Judge Browne to appear for his
preliminary hearing In that court.
Judge' Buckles Grants the Writ.
SAN RAFAEL, Nov. 6.— Despondent be
cause afflicted by an Incurable cancer,
Alois. Nagelle, a baker employed by
Kurtz & Meyer, blew out hia brains with
a shotgun this evening in front of the
bakery on D street. The employers of
the dead man state that he had complain
ed for some time of his illness and had
declared that sooner than go to a hos
pital he would kill himself. This even
ing he carefully laid his money, amount
ing to $40, on a table In his room and
taking his shotgun went out on the street
and killed himself.
Prefers Death to the Hospital.
DENVER, Nov. 6.— The conference of
the operators of the Northern Colorado
coal fields with representatives of their
employes came to a close to-night with
every prospect that a strike in that sec
tion will be averted. Mutual concessions
were made, and the only thing at issue
now is the question of an eight-hour day.
The matter of receding from that demand
is to be submitted to the unions of the dis
trict, and the representatives of the men
expressed the belief to-day that it would
be agreed to.
Outlook That Operators and Em
ployes in Colorado May Come
to Terms.
BIG COAL STRIKE
MAY BE AVEBTED
Postmasters commissioned: California—
Alice P. Venable, Lakeview; John A. Dal
las, HIckman'; J. F. Goodhum, Bee Gum;
W. R. Patten, Coffee. Washington— Amos
D. Corliss, Readyllle.
Fourth-class Postmasters appointed:
California — ¦ Isabelle Heiskell, Daulton,
Madera County, vice J. E. How, resigned.
Oregon— Amy L. Roots, Boring, Clacka
mas County, vice T. O. Foster; resigned;
D. C. Walker, Buell, Polk County, vice
J. W. Butler, resigned; William J. Evans,
Dairy, Klamath County, vice J. F.
Davies, resigned; John F. O'Bryant,
Haines, Baker County, vice Davis WI1
cox, resigned; Edward Welch, Spicer,
Linn County, vice Gideon Sowers, re
signed; Clarence Thomson, Waterville,
Lane County, vice Charles H. Baker, re
signed.
The following naval orders have been
issued:
Commander C. Thomas, detached com
mand Bennington December 15, to home
and wait orders; Commander K. Nlles, to
command Bennington;. Ensign C. T.Wade,
detached,- detached Bennington to home.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 6. — The Post
office Department has ordered the follow
ing changes in the postal service on the
Pacific Coast:
California— Moorfork, Ventura County,
mall to Fremontvllle.
Changes Made in the Postal Service
and Orders for the Navy
Issued.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
It is understood that the officers of the
Burlington road were interested in the
capture of the men, as*they are charged
with giving the road much trouble dur
ing recent years by robberies. At Ox
ford they have been supplying the rail
road men with clothing for two years
past, at about one-third the retail rate.
TOPEKA, Kans.. Nov. 6.— Frank Mar
tin, alias "Dutch," and Robert Mann,
alias "Nebraska Doc," were brought to
Topeka to-day from St Joseph and will
be placed on trial in the Federal Court
on the charge of robbing the postofBce of
Morrill, Kans. They are said to be
members of the organized gang of rob
bers who have been operating in Kansas
and Nebraska. .
Two Notorious Kansas Characters on
Trial for Many Serious
offenses.
TBYING TO BBEAK UP
GANG OF ROBBERS
RENO, Nev., Nov. 6.— With her • head
badly crushed Margaret Mlrot, a young
French resident of the half-world, was
found unconscious at an early hour this
morning and died at noon. Neighbors
heard her quarreling with some unknown
person last evening, but thought nothing
of it. When her room was visited about
2 o'clock this morning by one of them
sho was found on the bed, where she had
crawled after the murderous assault.
The weapon was a five-pound stone tied
up in a handkerchief.
The fact that she had tied a towel about
her head, instead of giving an alarm,
gives color to the theory that the crime
was comitted by some one whom she
wished to shield. •
Young Woman Is Beaten to Death
With a Large Stone Tied "Op in
a Handkerchief.
MYSTERIOUS MUBDEB
IS COMMITTED AT BENO
NEW YORK, Nov. 6.— Sam Parks was
to-day sentenced to two years and three
months in Sing Sing Prison. . The sen
tence was passed on the charge of ex
torting $500 from the Tiffany Studios.
It was alleged that Parks as walking
delegate of the Housesmiths' and Bridge
men's Union forced the Tiffany Studios
to pay him $500 to call off a strike. This
was Parks' second sentence for extor
tion. He was released from Sing Sing on
certificate of reasonable doubt after his
first sentence. In imposing sentence to
day Judge Newburger said he took into
consideration the physical condition of
Parks, who is said by physicians to be
suffering from consumption in an ad
vanced stage.
Parks, whose customary air of defiance
has entirely deserted him, heard the sen
tence without a movement of feature or
outward suggestion of emotion.
Former District Attorney James W.
Osborne, Parks' counsel, said * that he
would in all probability appeal, but that
no certificate of reasonable doubt would
be' applied for.
Sam Parks was taken to Sing Sing
Prison this afternoon.
Walking Delegate Gets
Second Sentence for
Extortion.
It was not until she reached Cedar Rap
ids that Miss Coffin realized what had
happened to her, and she telegraphed her
relatives In this city to meet her, which
they did. What the motive for the kid
naping was, the girl cannot tell.
According to the story told by Miss Cof
fin she was abducted while under a hyp
notic Fpell by a man and a woman, both
strangers. The woman, she says, met her
on the street in East Orange ,and exacted
a promise from. Miss Coffin that she
would meet her at a certain place in East
Orange. She could not resist the woman's
influence and kept the appointment.
Miss Coffin was met by a man, who
placed her in a carriage and took her to
New York. After reaching the latter
city the young woman says she lost her
memory and knew nothing of her where
abouts until the strange woman aroused
her in Chicago.
OMAHA, Nebr., Nov. 6.— Miss Josephine
Coffin, the 17-year-old girl who disap
peared from her home in East Orange,
N. J., arrived in Omaha early to-day' and
is at the home of her cousin. Miss Ward,
of this city, who is a relative of the wife
of Postmaster Crow.
A raid was recently made on a tan game
by the police and sixty Chinese were ar
rested. The man murdered to-day was
summoned before the Chinese highbinder
society and was charged with having
given Information to the police concern-
Ing the gambling-house and caused the
raid. Next day Quan got out of Vancou
ver, in the hope of escaping punishment.
He was found dead In bed, having been
hacked with an ax.
VANCOUVER, B. C. Nov. 6— Quan
Lee. a Chinese, was murdered this after
non In Steveston, eighteen miles from
Vancouver. The first report received by
the police was he had been killed
In a fight with a Japanese, who escaped
by train to Vancouver. Later the infor
mation was received that Quan Lee had
been killed as a result of a gambling
feud now progressing in Vancouver Chi
natown,.
Fp*ci»i Disjotch to Tho Call.
Bishop Fowler predicted that the Mor
mons In a few years would have a de
ciding voice in the politics in Utah, Wyo
mnig, New Mexico, Colorado and Nevada,
and that the question would present a
phase more serious than did slavery half
a century aj;o.
"Conditions in Utah, with the probable
exception of Ogden, are most unsatisfac
tory," said the Bishop. "As far as I can
see, there are two factions Jo blame.
First, ourselves, as the committee of
church extension, and, second, the general
committee of the missionary society. The
pittance given Utah has been so small
that the superintendents have been com
pelled to pick up 'two by four' men to go
into that field."
Bishop Fowler's statement was brought
out during the discussion of the amount
of monev that should be authorized by
the Methodist church for the extension
of its work in Utah. He followed Bishop
Cranston, who said that the church had
practically failed in its work in Utah be
cause of the need of money.
The Dev. Dr. T. C. Iliff. now a field sec
retary, but for twenty-five years superin
tendent of the Utah mission, supported
Bishop Fowler's plea for liberal appro-;
priatlon, but resented the insinuation of
inefficiency of the workers In that field.
No change was made in last year's ap
propriation for Utah.
KANSAS CITY, Nov. 6.— During an ad
dress before the general committee of
church extension of the Methodist Episco
pal church to-day Bishop Fowler said
that the Methodist "church ought to pay
more attention to the extension of its
work in Utah and the Southwest, where
the Mormons have churches, and endeav
or to convert as many people as possible
to Methodism in order to offset the power
of the Mormon church.
New Jersey Girl Who
Disappeared Arrives
in Omaha.
Alleged Informer Killed
by Chinese Hatchet
men.
Methodist Episcopal
Prelate Talks of Utah
Conditions.
Mr. Schwab was not reached as a wit
ness, Mr. Untermeyer spending the after
noon in examining Mr. Nixon about the
alleged false statements and misrepre
sentations to the public during the pre
liminaries to organization.
Mr. Untermeyer took up the direct ex
amination ot tho witness, asking first of
the agreement made between Nixon, Mr.
Dresser and Mr. Schwab for the purchase
pi the Bethlehem plant. Mr. Pam, Mr.
Nixon said, had charge of the negotia
tions thereafter, and Charles M. Schwab,
whose personal counsel Mr. Pam is, was
regarded as the_ dominant figure in the
negotiations. Mr. Pam prepared most of
the papers drawn up, a few being pre
pared by Mr. Alexander of Alexander &
Green.
Mr. Nixon declared that when the mort
gage covering the plants of the Ship
building Company outside of the Bethle
hem plant was drawn up at the time of
the organization, he had merely glanced
at it. but had not read it through care
fully, having confidence in the men who
prepared it and being without expert
knowledge of mortgage forms. The sec
ond mortgage, covering the Bethlehem
plant and as a second mortgage on the
other plants, was also merely glanced
through by him and ho had only a gen
eral knowledge of its provisions, knowing,
however, of the provision that the bonus
provided for by it should . have equal
voting power with the stock. The two
mortgages, he believed, were presented "to
him for execution, the first by Alexander
and the second by Mr. Pam.
NEW YORK, Nov. 6.— Lewis Nixon was
again the s?ole occuoant of the stand at
the hearing this afternoon on the applica
tion to make permanent the receivership
of the' United States Shipbuilding Com
pany, the ssession being marked by fre
quent tilts betw«en counsel, at times
verging on personalities', Mr. Guthrie and
Mr. Untermeyer each making the "flattest
denials of statements made by the other
and Mr. Guthrie speaking in addition of
the "impertinence" of Mr. Untermeyer.
Sharp Words Enliven
Shipbuilding Trust
Inquiry.
GAMBLERS' FEUD
ENDS IN MURDER
DENVER, Nov. 6.-«The death pen
tenro passed upon Harvey King (colored)
for the murder of his wife was to-day
rommuted to life imprisonment by the
Ptate Board of Pardons on th^ ground
that there is doubt of the validity of the
"capital punishment law on account of
apparent Irregularities in its passage by
the I^^iplature. A peculiar feature of
the ca^e is the fact that the action of
-the pardon board is contrary to th«
wishes of the convict himself, who refuses
to Fipn an application for clemency, say
ir.g he wijhf-d to die. *
xnent Act.
KING ESCAPES WITH
LIFE IMPRISONMENT
Colorado Board of Pardons Doubts
Validity of Capital Punish-
BISHOP FEARS
BUSY MORMONS
PORTLAND, Ore., Nov. 6.— The largest
cargo of flour ever floated was cleared
from Portland to-day on the steamship
Algoa for Oriental ports. The cargo
breaks all previous ' records by nearly
20,000 barrels, the nearest approach to it
being the cargo of the steamship Tre
mont, which cleared from Tacoma about
a year ago with 67,600 barrels. The Algoa
has aboard 85.270 barrels of flour. In ad
dition to this shfi carried 17,868 bushels of
wheat, or a total in wheat and flour re
duced to wheat measure of 391.614 bushels.
The largest cargo ever shipped from an
Atlantic port was carrieil by the steam
ship Sylvania from Newport News, Va..
consisting of 55,900 barrels, and whicli
created considerable comment at the
time.
Becords bjr Nearly Twejity
Thousand Barrels.
Steamship Algoa Breaks All Previous
CABBIES LABGEST CABGO
OF FLOUR .EVER FLOATED
PORTLAND, Or., Nov. 6. — Dissatisfied
members of The church of John Alexander
Dowle, the self-styled Elijah II," are
coming to Oregon to found a new com
munity. Seven former followers of the
"Prophet" were in Portland last week
seeking a location. They are men of
means, who expect to secure about 5000
acres of land and to bring from Zion
City, 111., about 150 families.
The creed of Dowie has been revised,
but not to the liking of all Zionists, and
there Is friction in the "City of the
Righteousness." The dissatisfied ones de
clare that Elijah has failed to make good
his promises, and they are through w.Hh
him and his rule. Here in the Northwest
they expect to establish . a new colony,
in which any good Christian may reside so
long as he observes the laws.of the place.
It is to be a new Zion, a reformation of
Dowieism. the following out of the orig
inal representations of Chicago's "Eman
cipator of the sinner slaves."
•Dowie knows nothing of the plans of
the colonists, say their representatives;
but on the other hand, they declare he
would be pleased to rid himself of his op
ponents, as he holds that all not for the
prophet are against him.
P. L. Rogers, a building contractor,
leads the party. With him were W. J.
McCann, John Loud, Charles Brown.
Alexander Reside, I. K. Miller and H. A.
Steek. They made money in Zion, but
being at outs with the leader of. the
church, they are practically ostracized,
as work is denied them.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAM PARKS GOES
TO SING SING
"The decision of Judge Cleveland in
the Bennett will case is in rav favor on
all the moral questions raised by the heirs
and against me on the technical law
points only. The Judge finds that no un
due influence was exercised on Mr. Ben
nett and that no injustice was done ,to
the relatives. He holds, however, that
the letter to Mrs. Bennett cannot be pro
bated with the will, but, he expret-sly dis
claims any intention to decide whether o'r
not the twelfth section can hereafter be
held operative in establishing a trust; he
eays that .the (*onstructon of the will is
not in qu'es'tion at the time of the probate.
The court in effect declares that the be
quest would have been good If it had been
made direct, as Mr.'' Bennett suggested,
but that under the decision the latter
cannot be probated in the absence of
proof showing that it was actual'y in ex
istence at the moment when the will, was
executed. If the beo.uest fails it will not
be the fault of Mr. Bennett, but my fault,
and this point will be determined by the
higher court, although my attorneys have
not yet decided on what form the ques
tion will be raised. I am much better
pleased with the decision than I would
have been if the court had decided for me
on the legal point and against me on the
moral questions involved. His decision on
the question of undue Influence is full,
emphatic and all that could bnr desired.
It is a complete answer to all the
sinuations of the unfriendly papers.'
Judge Cleveland to-morrow win hear
motions from the attorneys for Mr. Bryan
and for Mrs. Bennett and the heirs upon
the form of the decree to be entered.
The motion for an appeal to t*e Superior
Court will then be made by Mr. Bryan 3
attorneys. 'They are In conference with
him to-night in regard to the nature of
their claim for an appeal.
Judge Cleveland, In rendering the opin
ion, said:
"I find that the question of whether the
will was properly executed was not
raised. ' I find that it was properly exe
cuted and I find that tho testator had
sufficient testamentary capacity.
"I find that there was no undue in
fluence by Mr. Bryaxi over Mr. Bennett.
It was claimed that the sealed letter I
should be incorporated In the will. I find !
that reference in the will was sufficient
as to the sealed letter, yet the language
In the document itsHf plalnlv Indicated
that the will was executed before that
letter was executed. There was in ex
istence before the will was executed a
duplicate of the sealed letter. That is
considered In support of the contention
that that paper was a part of the will.
The sealed letter was. found with the will.
I find that there was no undue Influence,
but that the soaled letter was net incor
porated in the will."
The court further said that he ex
pressed no opinion as to whether the
sealed letter which gives $50,000 to Mr.
Bryan and' his family can be incorporated
in the will.
"It may be urged," he continued, "that
it ran be used, but as to that the court
has no opinion to express."
NEW HAVEN, Conn., Nov. C— W. J.
Bryan reached this city late to-day from
Lincoln. Nebr., and at once went to the
offices of his attorneys, where he read
the decision in the Bennett will contest,
which Judge Cleveland handed down
earlier in the day. After Mr. Bryan had
conferred with his lawyers he made a
statement as follows:
SAYS HYPNOTIST
WAS A KIDNAPER
The visit of President Ripley of the
Santa Fe early this week Is excuse for a
renewal of the talk in connection with I
lhat company. There is now a generally
accepted belief that the Santa Fe inter
i f sts. which have fnr a year had survey
ing parties on the I'pper Gila In Eastern
Arizona, propose to run the main line of
their road from a point in New Mexico
through Clifton or that vicinity, down the
Gila River to its confluence with the San
Pedro, whrre it wiil join the Phoenix and
Eastern, now building, and which would
then.be taken oVer, bringing the Santa
Fe into Phoenix. From here it would run
via' th«> present S. F., P. and P. tracks to
Congress, thence northwest over the des
ert country to the Colorado River, meet
ing th* 1 present main line at a point west
of Needles. That line if built would elimi
nate many excessive and expensive grades
now on its main line and probably would
not be longer than at present. That it
will be built sterns almost certain and
that it will be in the near future Is pre
dicted by well informed people. The capi
tal of Arizona will then be on the main
line of two transcontinental railroads.
PHOENIX, Ariz., Nov. 6.— The an
nouncement to-day that the Southern Pa
cific Railroad Company had acquired full
ownership of the Maricopa, Phoenix
and Salt River Valley Railway has put
new enthusiasm into railroad affairs. The
Maricopa and Phoenix has always been a
Southern Pacific property to the extent
that that company owend 51 per cent of
it, but its operation was by an entirely
separate company, with headquarters here
and in San Francisco, the late N. C. Mas
ten, Francis Cutting and other California
men being prominent in its management.
P. I. Kendall is the secretary of the com
pany.
For years there has been talk of a rail
road from San Diego to Phoenix, pass
ing up the valleys of the Gila and Salt
rivers and through a rich section of agri
cultural land under the Buckeye irrigat
ing canal. It is believed here that the
taking over of the Maricopa and Phoenix
is the first step on the part of the South
ern Pacific in changing its main line
through Arizona, so as to have it pass
through Phoenix, leaving the present line
at Sentinel, passing up the Gila River to
Phoenix and thence to Tucson, or
some point this side of there, using a
part of the Maricopa and. Phoenix track
for that line. The main object, however,
would not be 'the securing of the short
piece of track, but the placing of Phoenix
on the main line; the development of the
Buckeye country and probably the influ
ence early building would have in keeping
out competition.
Secretary Kendall recently visited the
Buckeye country and it was rumored then
that his purpose was largely in connec
tion with thtse changes, though he would
not commit himself to any such state
ment.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAX MATEO. Nov. 6.— The sensation of
the hour in San Mateo is the resignation
of W. B. Hamilton as private secretary
to Charles W. Clark and the further an
r.ouncement that before Jeavir.gr the prem
ises Hamilton had roundly thrashed Jo
peph Dyer, head coachman of the Clarks.
The two occurrences coming together
¦were supposed to be incidental, but it has
been learned that they were quite inde
pendent. From Intimate friends of Ham
ilten it is learned that he sent in his res
ignation more than a month ago, but it
took effect only yesterday.
When Dyer learned that Hamilton was
leaving it is said he mada himself ob
noxious in 6ome way and was promptly
punished. A doctor was called in and
Dj'er's Injuries were found to be triv
ial. The secretary was untouched. The
demands of his private affairs here and
In Montana are the reasons given for
Hamilton's resignation. He and Clark
went to San Francisco together to-day
and are on the best of terms. They have
been tocether for fourteen years and
Clark parts with Hamilton ¦with great re
luctance. Hamilton is said to have
arawn a. salary of $o00 a month. It is said
that Hamilton's resentment to Dyer was
on account of the latters persistent mis
represenattions concerning Hamilton's
management of matters about the Clark
premises.
The other coachmen condemn Dyer and
: Ida with Hamilton. A story that Mre.
«iark gave preference to the .coachman
over the secretary when it came to an
alternative as to which should go is de
nied on all rides. Mr. and Mrs. Clark
leave for the East to-morrow. Mrs.
Clark h.i> ozg been ill in San Francisco
and i»r>n . ..y knew nothing of the af
fair.
6peci«J Dispatch to The Call.
LAWYERS CLASH
IN THE COURT
The Hurt home presents a sorry appear
ance. * The ground is charred and bar
ren, and Tieaps of ashes mark the spots
where some of the furnishings were sent
up in smoke. All the windows have been
smashed and suspended sheets cut out a
view of the interior. When Corvallis was
at a fever heat because of the doings of
the "rollers" a crowd of boys stoned the
building and broke the windows.
When asked how it would be possible
for him to distinguish "saved" persons
from curiosity seekers, he replied that the
leaders would receive word from Christ,
and if not, the candidate would not be
eligible. Continuing, he said: "We have
already established a church at the Hurt
home, and our membership will spread,
for we have the pure religion. It is the
old religion from the time when Christ
was on earth. Creffleld is an apostle, en
dowed with the power of the apostles of
Christ."
"We take the Bible in Its entirety,"'
said an apostle to-day, "and do not, like
othpr churches, admit a member because
he pays the membership fee. In order
to become a member of the church one
must be saved."
..CORVALLIS. Ore., Nov. 6.— The. return
of Apostle Creffleld to Corvallls has In
spired new life In the "Holy Rollers" and
meetings are being held regularly. The
Hurt home, where the meetings are held,
is closed to the public, and it is difficult
to -obtain audience with the .leader, who
has resigned his office as chairman of the
Republican County Committee.
Members of the sect complain of exag
gerated reports through the press, al
though they admit that "the saved" In
their communion with God do indulge in
"rolling." •
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Private Secretary Forcibly
Resents Remarks Made
by Fellow Employe.
Friction in "City of the
Righteous" Likely to
Cause Trouble. .
Moral Points in His Favor
Greater Than Legal Is
sues, He Says.
Establish a Church .and Pre
pare to Spread Their
Doctrines.
Development of the Buckeye
Country Contemplated by
the Company.
Pugilistic Affair Takes
Place at Clark Home
in San Mateo.
Former Followers of the
"Prophet" May Lo
cate in Oregon.)
Southern Pacific Buys
the Maricopa and
Phoenix Line.
Return of Creffield In
spires Them With
New Life.
Nebraskan Discusses the
Decision in Bennett
Will Case.
HAMILTON WHIPS
COACHMAN DYER
ZIONISTS GROW
TIRED OF HOME
ACQUIRES FULL
CONTROL OF ROAD
BRYAN SAYS HE
HAS A VICTORY
"HOLY ROLLERS"
HOLD MEETINGS
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL,, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 1903.
2
DE. PIERCE'S REMEDIES.
paUU FokWonveN
WWO C/UOtOT BE CURED.
So tmifonaly successful has Dr. Pierce's
Favorite Prescription proven in all forms
cf Female Weakness, Prolapsus, or Falling
of Womb, aad Leucorrhea, th^, after over
a third of a century's experience in curing
the worst cases of these distressing: and
debilitating ailments, Dr. Pierce now feels
fully warranted In offering to pay $500 in
cash for any case of these diseases which
be carrot cure.
It Staitos Al/MffE.— The "Favorite Pre-
scription 1 ' stands alone, as the one and
°°lr rraedy for these distressingly com-
mon forms of weakness^ possessed of such
positrrely specific curative properties as to
warrant its makers in proposing, and
bmdiay themselves to forfeit, as we, the
cadersiffned proprietors of that wonderful
remedy hereby do, to pay the sum of $vx>
in legal money of the United States in any
case of the above diseases in which after a
fair aad reasonable trial of our treatment,
we fell to core. No other medicine for
the eyre of woman's peculiar ailment is
backed by 6uch a remarkable guarantee ;
no other medicine for woman's ills is pos-
sessed of the unparalleled curative prop-
erties that would warrant its manufacturers
in making such an ofier ; no other remedy
has such a record of cures on which to base
euch a remarkable oQer.
Therefore, insist on" having Dr.Pietce's
Favorite Prescription and turn your back
on any rnscrupulous dealer who would
lasolt your intelligence by attempting to
foist upon you some inferior substitute,
under the plea that «it is just as good."
Insist on having the article which has a
record of a third of a century of cures and
which is backed by those willing to forfeit
5500 if they cannot cure you.
In cases attended by a leucorrheal drain
a solution of Dr. Pierce's Lotion Tablets
should be used conjointly with the use of
the "Favorite Prescription." They are sold
by all druggists, or sent post-paid to any
address, oa receipt of. 25 cents in stamps.
Send. 31 cents in stamps for Dr. Pierce 's
Common Sense Medical Adviser. Address
World's Dispensaxy, Buffalo, N. Y.
Weak and sick" women are invited to
consult Dr. Pierce, bv letter, free. All
correspondence is held as strictly private.
Address Dr.R. V. Pierce, Buffalo. N. Y.
. Dx. Picrcc'a Pdlcta cure biliousness
ADVERTISESEENTSh
IALLONBY
A NEW CLUETT TAB
IN QUARTER SEES— AT
YOUR FURNISHERS
CLUETT, PEABODY A CO.
, MAKERS fi r **"'rfi
Guaranteed Pure,
None 3o G&ad»
Sold Eversvfitrx} '
H1LBERT MEKCANTILB CO..
Pacific Coast Ageou.
WM— — — i^— — — —
C0S0SXEIZA AHO rSElAST PMCTIlMTCl
Jv^J&D V^ra i If $rl Wor^i.
A CURE IN 48 HOURS.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS a GREAT RESTORATIVE. INVIGOKA-
tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphroStstac and Sp«stai
Tonic tor tne Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of tha
Kidneys and Bladder. Sells on its own merits,
NABER. ALFS & BRUNE. Aeenta.
«23 Market st.. S. F.— <3end for Circulars.)
(i 0
\S^ 330 MARKET ST. SF.KSEtr
ADVERTISE2CBNT&
H FOR MANY YEARS PAST IT HAS BEEN OUR |§»
H PRACTICE TO HAVE A GENERAL CLEAN UP OF ||
M PIANOS JUST PRIOR TO THE HOLIDAYS. WE DO K
m THIS SO AS TO BE IN READINESS FOR THE NEW |§]
H YEAR'S STYLES REACHING HERE EARLY IN DE- M
M CEMBER, INTENDED FORTHE HOLIDAY TRADE, p
H MANY STYLES OF PIANOS H E R E T O F O RE M
m CARRIED BY US ARE NOW BEING ELIMINATED gf
pi FROM THE NEW CATALOGUES THAT ARE BE- H,
m ING ISSUED BY OUR FACTORIES. THESE PI- ||
H ANOS IN PARTICULAR AND ALL ODDS AND i
m ENDS, NEW AND SECOND-HAND, WE ARE NOW §
M PLACING ON SALE AT GREATLY REDUCED 8
H PRICES. 1
m SCAN THE FOLLOWI NG LIST AND BE gj
H PROMPT IN PAYING US A VISIT OF INSPEC- J
B TION. WE WILL SURPRISE YOU MORE THAN |§J
H YOU CAN IMAGINE. THERE ARE BARGAINS IN |
|§ OUR BIG WAREROOM NOW THAT WILL DEEP- M
H LY INTEREST YOU. • ~ i p-\
M . Ordinal }T||
HI Price. Now. HI
Kft Fine new Chlckerlng; we took It in part payment for an fi&4
¦IS Everett W50 J400 |g3
Ip5 Large Concert Grand Steinway, in good order: Everett Grand EK
H| replaced it 1535 483 Cgfe
ye Magnificent Hardman; mahogany; style discontinued 600 423 ct
Kg Howard; mahogany 353 225 |£
ggj R. 8. Howard; large size; most expensive 450 290 Eh
HU Cable; large size; mahogany*. 400 2S0 g2
Kk| Thayer; Flemish oak »? 250 165 «j
iH Wlllard: light oak. medium size 300 225 bjj
*43 Rembrandt; mahogany ". .-». S00 225 fc
gu Conover Brothers; mahogany; food as new; high grade 550 300 %i
IM Smith & Barnes; very elegant and a - great bargain; style ) £
jgf discontinued .400 277 - ';
if| Smith & Barnes; slightly used ,. 400 240 ,&
ug Large Klngsbmy < 330 265 \k
•fej Conover; largest size; handsome oak case 550 S75 S ?
|U KlnRBtrary; smaller size 300 225 lS
Dai Ludwlg & Co.; beautifully carved walnut case; slightly used;
|§39 most certainly a bargain 450 300 £M
I&H Fischer; medium size; ebonized caae; in good order -..» 200 _*]
p|ij J. P. Hale & Co.; medium size; ebonized cose; a good prac- >A
rH| tice piano • .... 150 VI
Egg J. B. Nugent & Co.; ebonized case; in good order 125 ¦*.'¦
1*3 Schroeder; rosewood case; in good order; Una little piano for -/'
r#S boat, ark or apartments 100 -*¦'
ggS Geo. Steck & Co.; a magnificent rosewood case; parlor grand 1250 400 '-j
EsS Dunham Grand Piano; rosewood; hi too order; excellent for ','_..
pftf ¦. school or public hall ~... .... 350 ¦ ffij
I SQUARES I
||lj Gilbert; rosewood V w\ ¦". ,., , ., , , .... 25 i ¦':'
'&! Emerson; rosewood; carved legs »—»«»»«»¦»—¦«¦— .... 65 f.Aj
M Zeck; rosewood; carved legs .... 75 pp
|jja Bauer &.Co.; rosewood; carved legs 75 j>t
||| Bteck; very fine 100 R§|
fA Decker Bros.; extra fine - .... 123 guM
M THE ABOVE IS ONLY A PARTIAL LIST OF m
M BARGAINS WE ARE OFF ERING. EASY PAY- II
H MENTS IF DESIRED. f>j
| 931=933 Market Street §
i£ San Francisco. *Jt
I Other stores, Oakland, Sacramento, San Jose and Fresno. !|
g We are exclusive agents for the CHASE & BAKER |j
I Piano Player. Acknowledged the best. |jREDDING. Nov. 6.— With his collarbone
and several ribs broken and other Inju
ries on his head and body, Benjamin F.
Smith, an old and respected resident of
Anderson, was found Thursday afternoon
lying in the road about two miles from
Anderson. He died a few hours later.
Smith was engaged in hauling hj» prune
crop to the Anderson depot and was ac
cidentally thrown from his wagon.
Silled by Fall From His Wagon.
ROME, Nov. 6.— King Victor Emmanuel,
hearing that United States Embassador
Meyer had arrived at Pisa in an auto
mobile car, sent his. aid-de-camp, General
Brussatl, to invite the Embassador and
his family to the royal shooting lodge at
San Rosore, where Mr. Meyer went this
morning for a day. . During the forenoon
the Embassador rode on horseback .with
the King and Queen and lunched at the
castle. He then participated in a hunting
party.
KING EXTENDS FAVORS
TO EMBASSADOR MEYER
American Representative Joins Vic
tor Emmanuel in a Hunting
Party.
BERLIN, Nov. 6.— Baron Sternberg, the
German Embassador to the United States,
has disposed of the business connected
with his Saxon estate, which "brought him
home. He probably will be received, in
audience by the Emperor on' Tuesday and
will sail for New York November 17. He
said he had not had an operation for
aural trouble and that he did not intend
to submit to such an operation."
German Embassador to Return.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Nov. 6.— "A
Scrap of Paper" was the title of a com
edy presented fn Assembly Hall to-night
by members of the faculty and faculty
ladles for the benefit of the Students'
Guild. The production is in its nature
a light comedy and was well presented,
Mrs. Matzki's representation of the char
acter of Suzanne being particularly clever.
The entire proceeds of the play will
be devoted to the equipment of an oper
ating room in the Students' Guild Hospi
tal, lately established in Palo Alto.
Stanford Faculty Presents a Play.
ABERDEEN. Wash., Nov. 6.— A great
deal of indignation was felt here when it
was known that a number of prominent
San Francisco merchants* had attached
the Insurance of Aberdeen merchants who
were burned out in the first fire and who
were indebted to them, without waiting
to find out if their bills would be' paid.
These merchants had dealt with the San
Francisco firms for years, in some cases,
and naturally felt entitled to more con
sideration.
Aberdeen Merchants Feel Aggrieved.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 6.— Judge Rhodes to
day gave judgment in favor of Alice S.
Burke and against the Modern Woodmen
of America for $1000." Her husband, R. H.
Burke, who died in 1901, held a beneficiary
policy In the s'oclety for $2000, payable to
his "legal heirs." By his will he directed
that the proceeds of this policy be paid to
his wife, Alice S. Burke. The court found
that he had not complied with, the laws
of the society in his attempt to change
the terms of the policy, and. that his
widow could only recover as one of his
heirs, her portion being one-half.
Widow Recovers Half the Policy.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 6.— The prelimi
nary examination of Convicts Leverone,
Meyers and Roberts was resumed to-day
at Folsom before Justice of the Peace* J.
H. Sturgiss. Roberts is one of the prison
ers who escaped. in the big. prison break
last July, but was recaptured. Leverone
and Meyers are supposed to have been
concerned in the conspiracy, although
they failed to get away. The men are
charged with murdej, growing out of the
death of Guard_W. L. Cotter, who was
killed while defending his superior officers
from the attacks of the convicts.
Preliminary Examination of Convicts
Leverone, Meyers and Roberts
'' Is Resumed. * •
JUSTICE STURGISS HEARS •
STORY OF PRISON BREAK
REDDING, Nov. 6.— The State Board of
Examiners, through W. S. Melick, secre
tary, has made complaint to the Super
visors against Shasta County's claim for
half-orphan aid, which It considers ex
ceedingly large. The examiners maintain
that the Supervisors have been too lib
eral, as Shasta's claims amount to much
more than many better populated coun
ties. The letter reads in part; "It is not
the intention to furnish aid to all or
phans, but simply to those whose mis
fortune or need requires it."
Shasta's Supervisors Are Too Liberal.
THE HAGUE, Nov. 6.— Solicitor Gen
eral Finlay concluded his argument in be
half of Great Britain before the Venezue
lan arbitration tribunal to-day, arguing
that the war was entirely justified, that
all the documents showed that it was only
under the pressure of blockade that Vene
zuela consented to guarantee the block
ading powers 30 per cent of the customs
and that preferential treatment of the
claims of the powers which took part in
the blockade would in no wise prejudice
the rights of the other powers
"^ni HAGUE - Nov - 6-Messrs. Cohen
and Richards, for Great Britain, followed
Solicitor General Flndlay.
Mr. Cohen maintained that Venezuela,
having recognized the justice of the
claims of the blockading powers in the
protocol of February 13, which was the
basis of the present arbitration, could
not now plead that their claims were un
just. He said an annual distribution of
the 30 per cent of the customs would be
unfair to the allied powers, which had
incurred great military expense
Mr. Richards held that the negotiations
looking to raising the blockade having
been conducted between Venezuela and
the other blockading powers, the other
powers which took no part in the block
ade could not object to preference being
given to the former claims.
President Plerantonft followed in be
half of Italy. He upheld the right of the
powers to protect the interests of their
subjects in Venezuela.
Great Britain's Argument on the
Venezuelan Affair Is Now
Concluded.
SOLICITOR FINLAY
JUSTIFIES THE WAR
Tom Williams, proprietor of the place,
and Policeman R. J. Skein followed the
thief, but were unable to capture him. A
complete description of the man was
given and the case placed in the hands of
the Detective Department. '
John R. Bernard reported to the police
at the Central. Station last night that he
had begn robbed of about $100 in a saloon
at 525% Pacific street. Bernard said that
he met a sailor on Kearny street and ac
companied him to the Barbary Coast.
While they were drinking in the saloon
above named the sailor put his hands in
Bernard's pocket and took the money.
Afterward the seafaring man started for
the door and ran toward the water front.
John R. Bernard Victim of Light-
Fingered Tar.
ROBBED BY A SAILOR.
PARIS, Nov. €.— The French Foreign
Office received a dispatch from the
French Consul at Panama confirming the
Associated Press dispatches of yesterday
from that city and from Colon. The Con
sul says:
"Colon has now followed the course of
Panama and is passing into the hands of
the revolutionists. The transfer fol
lowed extended negotiations between the
Colombian troops and the revolutionary
element. This culminated yesterday even-
Ing when the Colombian troops surren
dered and immediately embarked. The
change occurred without bloodshed.
"The United States gunboat Nashville
and the transport Dixie, with 450 Ameri
can marines, are co-operating with the
railroad company in maintaining order."
Another dispatch from the Consul says:
"Frederico Boyd, Jose Aragano and
Tomas Arias, representing the provis
ional jjox'ernment. have communicated
to the Consuls of the foreign powers that
the new state has been constituted."
The Consul adds:
"The province of Cauca shows no sign
Negotiations Already on Foot for
Completion of Panama Canal.
FRANCE IS PLEASED.
The court granted Mr. Collins' motion
and the appeal will go to the Supreme
Court.
United States District Attorney Wood
worth opposed the granting of the mo
tion and remarked that Mr. Dimmick had
been proved guilty of the theft of $30,000
and that toe must have been very wasteful
with the money if he had none of it left.
He could not be considered a pauper un
der the circumstances, continued Mr.
Woodworth.
George D. Collins made announcement
yesterday in the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals to the effect that his
client, Walter N. Dimmick, now serving
a term of imprisonment in the peniten
tiary for stealing $30,000 from the United
States Mint, was unable to pay the costs
of the record in the case in order to ap
peal to the Supreme Court of the United
States, and made motion that costs be
rescinded.
George D. Collins Says Prisoner Is
. Unable to Pay for Court
Record.
BERLIN, Nov. 6.— The German Admir
alty says the revolution at Panama has
not influenced the movements of the Ger
man warships In American waters and it
does not expect that a contingency will
arise requiring a change of plans.
Xo dispatches have been received from
the German squadron regarding Panama.
German Warships Are Quiet.
DIMMICK HAS NO \
. MONEY REMAINING
GRANTS PASS, Or., Nov. 6.— Bert Bice,
the young horse thief, was captured this
evening at Merlin after eluding Sheriff
Parrott of Douglas County and his posse
for three days. Bert, who i3 about 18
years old, had recently been released from
the Oregon penitentiary, and with his
brother Dan, who Is two years older, stole
four horses near Myrtle Point. The thieves
v/ere working their way south to Gallce
Creek, where their mother lives. They
were overhauled near RTddle Wednesday
and Dan was captured, but the y<mnger
boy escaped the pursuers and continued
southward, closely followed by Sheriff
Parrott and deputies. They overtook him
at Glendale on Thursday and .three shots
were fired, but Bice again escaped In the
woods, and this afternoon succeeded in
reaching Merlin, twenty-five miles farther
south. All points along the line had been
notified to be on the watch, and deputies
were sent to Merlin, the point where the
Galice stage road meets the railroad. As
Bice is well known in that section he was
readily recognized. No fight occurred
when he was captured, although he was
armed with a revolver. Sheriff Parrott
reached Merlin this evening and will take
the prisoner to Douglas County in the
morning.
Sheriff's Fosse Succeeds in Arresting
Bert Bice After .Chasing Him
for Three Days.
DARING HORSE THIEF
IS FINALLY CAPTURED
NORTH YAKIMA, Wash., Nov. «._If
the descriptions given by the prison au
thorities at Folsom. Cal.', are not mixed
Fred Slocurn. who was arrested here last
night by Sheriff Grant, is Joseph Theron.
He tallies exactly with the description of
Theron, No. 4419, who escaped from Fol
som prison July 27 last.
Theron was taken into custody in Bert
Fletcher's saloon. He had been under
surveillance all evening. He told Sheriff
Grant that this was the first time he had
ever been arrested. He was out in the
sweatbox at midnight last night and then
admitted that he had' been in Folsom
prison. He said he was sent there in
18&7 for burglary and was released just
one week after the famous jallbreak. but
he says his number was 4040 and avers
that the descriptions of himself and
Theron have been mixed. He says he
has been arrested before for Theron: He
told the Sheriff in detail how the escape
of the prisoners was made, but denies
that he was one of them.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
While Mrs. Connors was drawing the
beer the porter slipped from the barroom
and entered the rear of the premises,
which is occupied by the woman. The cus
tomer's disappearance did not alarm Mrs.
Connors, as she thought he had stepped
outside for a moment and would soon be
back. In about three minutes he reap
peared. Rushing through the barroom
for the door," he grabbed the money he had
placed on the bar and ran down Pacific
street, toward East, and disappeared.'
Investigation proved that the thief had
broken open two trunks, in the room and
scattered the contents of th£ bureau
drawers about the room. In all he secured
about $300 in coin and jewelry, the latter
consisting of several watches. Being ac
quainted with the premises he was able to
do his work rapidly and well.
The detectives of the Central Police Sta
tion are investigating a daring robbery
that happened in the water front district
sliortly after 9 o'clock yesterday morning.
A room in the rear of the saloon and lodg
ing-house of Mrs. Margaret Connors was
looted by a Pullman porter and over $300 In
com and watches taken.
Mrs. Connors does not know the name
of the thief, although he has stopped at
her house in the past. She says that on
his last trip to the city he rented a room
from her and occupied it for two days. He
entered the place yesterday morning and
called for a glass of steam beer, inviting
Mrs. Connors to join him in a drink. In
payment he laid a half-dollar piece on the
bar.
The motorman was arrested and booked
at the City Prison for manslaughter, but
was released on bail.
Bvery afternoon a line of cars forms on
Kentucky street, near Twenty-second to
take home the laboring people from that
neighborhood. The little girl crossed be
hind the last of these cars and ran direct
ly in front of the southbound car, which
was approaching at a rapid clip.
The child was ylaced on the car that
ran over her and hurried to the office of
Dr. Simpson, at Twentieth and Kentucky
streets. It was found that her skull had
been crushed and life was extinct.
The Morgue was notified and Deputy
Coroner Brown found that death was due
to accident.
Little Helen Sullivan, the six-year-old
daughter of John Sullivan of 1112 Tennes
see street, was run over and killed yes
terday afternoon by a Kentucky-street
car near Twenty-second street. _
The child attempted to cross the tracks
behind a string- of northbound cars, and
did not see southbound car No. 955 ap
proaching. Motorman Michael Burns did
all in his power to stop, but was unable
to do so before the little girl's life was
crushed out.
Folsom Prison Convict
Captured at North
Yakima.
Bold Crime Committed
by Pullman Porter
in Saloon.
Little Helen Sullivan
Run Over on Ken
tucky Street.
CONVICT THERON
AGAIN IN JAIL
ORDERS BRINKS
AND ROBS PLACE
CHILD KILLED
BY STREET CAR
Dnrins the day Senor Cuadros, prefect
Of Colon, and Alcalde Guerrero were ar
rested and sent to Panama bv train. It
i« rumored that there are several persons
in Colon who are discontented with the
n*w order of things, but it is f-aid that
they are being carefully watched.
Everything here is very quiet and the
population is rejoicing. All during the
day fireworks were everywhere displayed.
The Nashville sailed this afternoon for
a cruise alone the coast, with the object
r>f preventing the rumored efforts of the
Colombian punhoat Cartagena to land
trnops at Porto Bello.
The critical situation of Wednesday be
g-an when the troops under Colonel Torres
took an aggressive position in the vicinity
of the railroad building and the lives of
Americans for a time seemed threatened.
To-day'B Panama Star and Herald says
that Colonel Torres pot $5000. in sold from
the treasury of the new repuhlic just
previous to embarking.
Cnlnnf-l Black of the United States En
ciri< <<r Corps and Senor Porforio Melen
dez. the new civil end military governor
of Colon, also rendered signal service dur
ing the critical situation which found its
po<-fful settlement in the embarkation
of Colonel Torres and his troops on the
Orinoco. The embarkation " lock place
iust before the arrival of the United
Ftat^s auxiliary cruiser Dixie, whose
marines guarded the town last night. All
of the Dixie's marines have now returned
to thfir ship.
MARINES ARE ON GUARD.
The consular corps at Colon was pres
ent, but through the French Consul as
spokesman the members said they were
not there in any ofScial capacity. The
new flag: of the republic was raised amid
much cheering and general rejoicing and
simultaneously fireworks were exploded
all over the town. The police, bearing
the flag- of the republic of Panama, then
inarched through the streets to their
headquarters, over which also the emblem
was raised.
The avoidance of bloodshed in Colon
following the proclamation of the inde
pendence of the isthmus, the maintenance
of perfect order and the ¦withdiawal of
the Colombian troops from the city are
looked upon as Jn great part uue to the
eourare and ability displayed by Com
mander Hubbard of the United States
gunboat Nashville; to the bravery of her
officers: and men. and to the tact of Col
onel Shaler, superintendent of the Pan
ama Railroad.
"Delegated by that board, I have as
nimed command of this province and
trust you will all surround us with your
support for the purpose of raising on high
end "without blemish the flag of the new
etate. for th«^ purpose of cementing the
authority Trith which I am invested and
In order to maintain social tranquillity.
"The Government of this new-born re
public aspires to give a new and definite
era cf prosperity so that it may not re
main behind in the advance of civiliza
tion."
"In the year 1S21 the population of the
isthmus of Panama severed the tie that
bound it to the Government of Spain and
spontaneously adhered to the then new
republic of Colombia. Neither the cpon
taneousness of this action or of many
other subsequent ones has had the effect
of having the governments that succeeded
each other at Bogota concede to the isth
mus, except on paper, the same rights
that they had granted to the Inhabitants
cf other Colombian sections.
"Neither were the votes of the isth
mians ever taken Into account, nor were
their just complaint* and patriotic aspi
rations attended to. in virtue whereof the
ties of union with Colombia being for
these reasons severed, the population of
Panama en macse, taking into account
the noble conduct of their propenitors on
November £S. 1S21, have proclaimed the
republic of Panama and have appointed
a supreme board of government, which
the troops and public of Panama, without
political distinction, and the foreign col
ony, obey with enthusiasm.
CONSULS AT CEREMONY.
COLON. Colombia, Nov. 6.— Shortly
before the flag of the republic of
Panama was formally hoisted over
the prefecture here this morning the new
civil and military governor, Porforio
Melendez, delivered an oration. He said:
NEW YORK, Nov. 6.— The Panama
Railway and Steamship Company and
the Pacific Mail Steamship Company have
received dispatches from Panama con
firming the reports of the evacuation of
Colon by the Colombian troops. The ad
vices received by the Panama Company
give additional particulars of how nar
rowly a conflict betv.-een the American
marines from the gunboat Nashville and
the Colombian troops under Colonel
Abajos was avoided.
According to the dispatch the marines
were landed in the morning and threw up
Intrenchments near the steamship pier.
They were further protected by freight
cars near the trenches. Some 400 Colom
bian troops were drawn . up near the
American lines and things looked threat
ening for the handful of Americans. Col
onel Abajos jumped out before his troops
and ordered them to advance on the
Americans. The Colombians had no de
sire to. Impale themselves on the bayo
nets of the marines and refused to ad
vance. They retreated and were fol
lowed by the fire-eating commander after
he had broken his sword across his knee.
Fifty American residents of Panama had
been armed in the meantime and the lieu
tenant in command of the marines sent
word to the Colombian camp that while
his men were there simply to protect
American property, they had no Intention
of dodging any trouble that might come
their way.
Colombians Declined to Advance on
American Soldiers.
WOULD NOT FIGHT YANKEES.
The last information is regarded by the
officials here as being most Important.
as showing no disposition on the' part of
the new republic of Panama to repu
diate the canal or other property rights
acquired from Colombia,
A few irresponsible newspaper critics
criticize the United States and show ig
norance of the French Government's po
sition by asserting that warships will be
pent to Panama "to restrain the Ameri
can plans." These views are not shared
by the Government or by the more seri
ous element of the press and public. The
official sentiment is distinctly sympa
thetic to the United States.
PARIS, Nov. 6.— M. Jusserand. the
French Embassador at Washington,
promptly communicated to Foreign Min
ister Delcasse the details of a conversa
tion he had with Secretary of State Hay
Thursday evening, in which the latter
gave assurance that if the United States
concluded a treaty with the republic of
Panama for the construction of the canal,
the French Panama Canal Company
would receive the $40,000,000 agreed upon
for the purchase of the French rights.
M. Delcasse's reply to the Embassador
has not been announced, but there is rea
son to believe that it was most cordial
and contained the assurance that France
will not do anything to hinder the recog
nition of the new republic.
The news of the recognition of the new
republic of Panama by the Government
of the United States arrived so late to
night that It was found impossible to ob
tain an authoritative official statement.
Indeed, the French Government has de
termined to formally announce its recog
nition of the republic of Panama, but it is
not likely any statement will be made re
garding its intentions. The tendency in
official quarters, however, is toward leav
ing: the United States untrammeled in its
attitude. If the Government of the new
republic should prove to be firmly estab
lished, able to maintain order and protect
the property interests of the French resi
dents, there is every probability that
recognition by the French Government
will speedily follow. The action of the
French Consul at Panama in advising his
Government that the young republic has
assumed responsibility concerning the
treaties entered Into with foreign coun
tries by the Bogota Government and all
the legal obligations of Colombia In so far
as the isthmus is concerned has removed
the principal objection that France might
have to the new regime.
of revolution, nor has the revolution thus
far spread to other provinces.
"The new state assumes all the former
treaty and legal obligations of Colombia."
United States Officers Prevent the Shed*
ding of Blood In the Streets
of Colon.
"The suggestions which have been made to this Govern
ment since the failure of the treaty in Bogota, of a renewal
of negotiations, have been too vague and too extravagant to
merit the serious consideration of the United .States: and they
were such as to create the impression in the minds of the
people of Panama that there was no reasonable prospect of
the accomplishment of the object upon which their hopes and
desires had been set for many years.
"This brings us to the sudden and startling events which
have so recently attracted the attention of this country and
of the. world. Although there has been no lack for many
years past of numerous causes of discontent and anxiety
umong the people of Panama, it appears that the failure of
the canal treaty convinced them that there was nothing more
"It was too great for Individual or corporate enterprise.
it could only be Initiated and carried to a conclusion by a
government of, great power and vast resources, and the only
government to which it was a possibility was that of the
United States. By authorization of Congress the President
entered into a treaty with the Government of Bogota for the
construction of a canal by way of the . isthmus of Panama.
Wishing to show every consideration to the Government of
Colombia, the treaty contained provisions of extraordinary
liberality. A large bonus was given for the privilege of con
structing the canal, a liberal annual lease was added, and all
this was in addition to the numberless benefits which would
accrue to the Colombian Government and people from the
construction on their territory of this colossal work. ' The
treaty was promptly ratified by the Senate of the United
States and rejected unanimously and without consideration
by that of Colombia.
THE TREATY AND THE CANAL.
pendent for its efficacy on the personnel of the signers nor
the name of the territory it affects. It is a covenant, as law
yers say, that runs with the land. The name of 'New Gran
ada has passed away; its territory has been divided. But as
long as the isthmus endures the great geographical fact keeps
alive the solemn compact which binds the holders of the ter
ritory to grant us freedom of transit, and binds us In .re
turn to safeguard for the Isthmus and the world the exer
cise of that inestimable privilege.
"It is therefore too clear for discussion that when, at the
repeated solicitation of the Government of Colombia, a treaty
was entered into between that Government and the United
States for carrying into effect the long considered plan 'of a
canal across the isthmus, to be owned and controlled by the
Government of the United States, it was no new proposition
that was being adopted, but rather"the carrying out of a long
cherished plan of both countries and the assertion of a right
which had been long 3ince conceded in principle by the Gov
ernment of Colombia. It was the universal conviction that
the time had come for this gigantic project to be carried out
"Having regard only to the crisis and the needs
of the hour, no plainer duty was ever imposed upon a chief
of state than that which rested upon the President of the
United States in the Interest of the isthmus, the people of
Colombia, the people of the United States and the commerce
of the world, to preserve for the benefit of all free transit
over the isthmus and to do all that lay in his power to bring
a permanent peaTe to its people."
. "He also directed our Minister in Bogota to inform the
Colombian Government that we had entered into relations
with the new provisional government of Panama, and he took
occasion, relying upon the ties of friendship and the valu
able services which we have so often rendered to the people
of Panama and the Government of Colombia, to commend
to the respective governments the peaceful and equitable set
tlement of all questions at issue between them. He took oc
casion at the same time to give notice to the world that not
only our treaty obligations but the imperative demands of
the interests of civilization /required him to put a stop, which
we hope and believe will be a final one, to. the Incessant civil
contests and bickerings which have been for so many years
the curse of Panama.
"The course of the President in this conjunction was
marked out in advance by all our principles and precedents.
He gave orders that traffic from one side of the isthmus to
the other should be kept unimpeded by either party and
charged bur officers on the isthmus to use their utmost in
fluence to prevent any attack by one of the contending fac
tions upon the other which would be calculated to cause a
disturbance of traffic. When it was reported to him that a
government capable of maintaining order had been established
and was working without opposition, he did what is always
done under such circumstances. He directed our represent
ative at Panama, as soon as he was certain that a govern
ment capable of maintaining the public peace had been es
tablished by the consent of the people, he was to enter
into official relations with it.
PRECEDENT SUPPORTS OUR STAND.
to be hoped for in their connection with the Colombian Gov
ernment, which had never proved entirely satisfactory. They
went "to work with that talent for prompt and secret organ
ization to which there is no parallel among people of North
ern blood; they prepared the machinery of revolution in ad
vance, and suddenly, in a single day, without the firing of a
shot, with the exception of a few shells that were thrown
into the city from a Colombian steamer in the harbor of Pan
ama, they accomplished their independence. A government
consisting of the leading citizens of the State was at once or
ganized .and proclaimed to the world, a part of the Colombian
forces Joined the revolution; the rest returned to Colombia
and, so far as we are able to Judge; the new republic begins
Its career with no organized opposition throughout the entire
extent, of the isthmus. .
GOVERN OH EXPLAINS
REASON FOR REVOLT
Uncle Sam's Treaty Rights on the Isthmus Make the
President's Action Justifiable, Declares
Secretary Hay.
BUILDING OF CANAL
NOW SOON EXPECTED
Administration Proposes to Hurry the
Project for a Waterway
on the Isthmus.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
hailed as the liberators of Panama, re
ceived great ovations.
COMPLICATIONS ABE FEARED.
Senator Morgan Says the Colombian
Treaty Has Been Violated.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 6.-Senator Mor
gan said to-day that soon after Congress
convenes In extra session he will Introduce
a resolution calling on the Foreign Rela
tions Committee of the Senate to obtain,
from the State Department a detailed re
port of the relations between the United
States and Colombia under the treaty of
184U. According to Senator Morgan the
attitude of this country is not Ju«lf.cl
by a careful construction of the provis
ions of the treaty and is at variance with
precedents laid down by the United
States. In discussing the situation to
day ho said:
"This is the fourth time the United
States has landed troops on the isthmus
under the cloak of the treaty. Hereto
fore it has been for the suppression of
the rioting and for the protection of Col
ombians. Now that it is against the wish
of Colombia it undoubtedly will provoke
a just protest.
"Colombia means war. Of that I am
certain. The GovernmentVlll find that it
will have a series of complication* on
its hands not unlike that offered by the
Indians when they were met with terri
torial aggressions of this Government,
and the trouble the Colombians will make
will be similar to that of the Filipinos,
with the conduct, of warfare far more
difficult. I believe, however, the admin
istration will not have this matter to de
cide. It is a question for Congress, and
that body la not likery to shirk the re
sponsibility."
PBEMIEB COUNT TISZA*
CHALLENGES ENEMIES
Stormy Scene Enacted in the Lower
House of the Hungarian
Diet.
BUDAPEST. Nov. 6.-The new Premier.
Count Stephen Tlsza, succeeded In obtain
ing a hearing in the lower house of the
Diet after a brief skirmish with the ob
structionism, who commenced a noisy in
terruption as soon as the Premier arose.
The latter turned on his tormentors and
exclaimed:
"You may shout me down, but you shall
not silence the truth. Fighting: with such
weapons only betrays the weakness of
your position."
The obstruction suddenly ceased. Count
Tisza appealed to all to remember that
they were Hungarians and to consider
their country's interests before the in
terests of their party. The Premier re
ceived a hearty ovation on resuming his
seat.
May Compel Turkey to Yield.
CONSTANTINOPLE. Nov. 6._-fci. con
sequence of the Porte's reply, pleading
a superfluity of the reform scheme for
Macedonia, on the ground that Turkey
is carrying out the proposals previously
agreed to. it is believed that Austria and
Russia will send an ultimatum giving the
Turkish Government a fixed term within
which, to accept the proposals, and that
in the event of another refusal the two
powers will take steps to compel Turkish
action.
yy WASHINGTON, Nov. 6.— The con- i
IMJterence at the White House last
night was followed by an extend
ed discussion of the situation on the
isthmus by the Cabinet at Its regu
lar meeting this morning. There was
general satisfaction expressed at the
peaceable solution of the trouble on the
isthmus. The manifesto issued by the
provisional government has made a great
impression on the administration. It is
regarded as practically certain by the
administration officials that the negotia
tions for the construction of the Panama
canal will be opened as soon as a perma
nent government is founded, and that
Panama, instead of Colombia, will get
the $10,000,000.
The United States is willing to pay for
the canal strip. The stripping of the
isthmus of all government troops by
evacuation/ so greatly assisted by the
good offices of Commander Hubbard,
commanding the gunboat Nashville, con
vinced the administration that it was
time to take some action in the direction
of entering into relations with the de
facto government.
As a matter of fact United States Vice
Consul Ehrman at Panama, United States
Consul Malmros at Colon and the Ameri
can naval commanders have been recog
nizing the revolutionary government in
numerous conferences necessary for an
agreement as to the preservation of tran
sit on the railroad. It was announced
that the administration did not consider
it had yet formally recognized Panama,
but It was admitted that this formal rec
ognition would come later.
Rear Admiral Coghlan, who regularly
commands the Caribbean division of the
North Atlantic fleet, but whose flagship,
the Olympia, Is undergoing repairs at
Norfolk, was called to the Navy Depart
ment to-day and ordered to prepare to
go to the isthmus to assume command of
all the naval forces on the Atlantic side.
The Mayflower, Commander Gleaves, Is
now at Washington navy-yard and will
probably sail on Sunday. He will be ac
companied by Mr. Gudger, who will be
the senior consular officer on the Isthmus
when he arrives at Panama. Rear Ad
miral Coghlan and Mr. (Gudger will re
ceive the most explicit instructions from
the President. Rear Admiral Glass, com
manding the Pacific squadron, is Rear
Admiral Coghlan's senior.
The Navy Department received a cahle
to-day from Commander Delano of the
Dixie stating that the ship arrived at
Colon Thursday evening and landed a
force just after all the Colombian Gov
ernment troops had ieft on the royal mall
steamer Orinoco for Carthagena. This
landing force found an independent
party in possession of Colon. Panama and
the railroad. The Nashville had with
drawn its force. The commander of the
Merriam Is now on his way to Believe
Commander Delano, who is lrf 111 health
The change of command of the Dixie will
be accomplished at Colon.
The following telegram was sent by the
State Department to Mr. Ehrman, the
Acting Consul General of the United
States at Panama:
"The people of Panama have by an ap
parently unanimous movement dissolved
their political relations with the republic
of Colombia and assumed their independ
ence. When you are satisfied that a de
facto Government, republican in form
and without substantial opposition from
its own people, has been established In
the state of Panama, you will enter Into
relations with it as responsible Govern
ment of the territory and look to it for
all due action to protect the persons and
property of the citizens- of the United
States and to keep open the Isthmian
transit in accordance with the obligations
of existing treaties governing the rela
tions of the United States in that terri-
Immediately afterward an instruction
was sent by telegram to Mr. Beaupre, the
United States Minister at Bogota, in the
following terms:
"The people of Panama having by an
apparently unanimous movement dis
solved their political connection with the
republic of Colombia and resumed their
independence, and having adopted a gov
ernment of their own, republican in form,
with which the Government of the United
States has entered into relations, the
President of the United States, in accord
ance with the ties of friendship which
have so long and so happily existed be
tween the respective nations, most earn
estly commends to the Government of Co
lombia and of Panama the peaceful and
equitable settlement of all questions at
issue between them. He holds that he Is
bound not merely by treaty obligations,
but by the Interests of civilization, to see
that the peaceful traffic of the world
across the Isthmus of Panama shall not
longer be disturbed by a constant suc
cession of unnecessary and wasteful civil
wars."
CHEEBS FOB AMERICAN FLAG.
People Grow Enthusiastic When the
Colombian Troops Depart.
PANAMA, Nov. 6.— General H; O. Jef
fries, a graduate of West Point, who yes
terday was appointed commander of tha
Pacific fleet by the provisional Govern
ment of the republic of Panama, left here
last night on board the gunboat Padllla
with orders to capture the Bogota. It
was reported that the latter had arrived
at Buena Ventura, but later the report
was contradicted.
Nearly all the munlcipalties of the isth
mus have now joined the republic.
General Guiterez, who arrived yesterday
at Colon and who came to replace Gov
ernor Obaldia, brought with him several
secretaries and a staff of fifteen, all Co
lombians, to replace the Isthmians. This,
it is pointed out here, shows how Panama
was considered at Bogota.
As up to late yesterday afternoon the
Colombian troops at Colon had not de
cided to leave the city, a division of
troops of .the republic of Panama was or
dered to attack them and was- on its way
when a telegram announced the departure
from Colon of the royal mail steamer
Orinoco with the Colombian troops. Gen
eral Tovar and staff, who had been quar
tered here, did not have time to leave,
as the steamer would not wait.
When the news of the departure qf the
Colombian troops became known here the
enthusiasm became unlimited. Thousands
of persons, with flags, torches and fire
works, headed by two bands of music,
marched through the town.
As the procession passed the United
States Consulate "The Star-Spangled
Banner" was played and the crowds cheer
ed wildly for the United States, President
Roosevelt, Commander Hubbard of the
Nashville, Secretary Hay and Acting
Consul' General Ehrman.
The procession went to General Huertas'
headquarters, and with the general borne
on the shoulders of four patriots, marched
through the town again. Dr. Amador, the
Minister of Finance of the provisional
Government, and the revolutionary junta,
Jose Arjano, Frederico Boyd and Tomas
Arias, who with General Huertas, were
STANDARD OF THE REPUBLIC OF PANAMA GIVEN TO THE BREEZE
IN THE PRESENCE OF FOREIGN CONSULS AND CHEERING POPULACE
rfiE SAN FBAKCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 1903.
Con tinued from Page 1, Columns 4, 5 and 6.
"Waterman." "Regal" and "Marshall"
fountain pens are the best in the world
for the money. Sanborn. Vail & Co., 741
Market street, are the selling agents for
San Francisco. •
GIBRALTAR, Nov. 6.— The British third
class cruisers Medusa and Medea, sister
ships of 2800 tons displacement, sailed for
Portsmouth from Gibraltar to-day in a
race home at full speed to test their boil
ers and coal consumption.^ The Medusa
is fitted with Durr boilers and the Medea
haa boilers of the Morrow type
Warships Hake a.Bace Home.
NANAIMO. B. C, Nov. 6.-r-Rennie Ber
nard, aged 9 years, shot and killed Percy
Smith, aged 6, at the Bernard home In
Ladysmith. Rennie was exhibiting a 22
caliber rifle, in which nig father had left
a cartridge, to several other children. He
accidentally pulled the trigger and the
bullet passed through .his , victim's eye
into the brai»* _ - '
Boy Accidentally Kills Playmate.
3
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
EAIB TEI.I.S CHARACTER.
Color of Hair Said to Indicate a Per-
son's Temperament.
Many people believe that blonde or
light hair denotes affection and dark
ha'.r constancy. A person without hair
if not devoid of character; far from it.
The disposition of the average baldhead-
*-d man is to show such solicitude for
the welfare of others that he neglects
himself. A germ causes baldness. Prof.
Sabouraud of Paris, France, inoculated a
rabbit with Dandruff germs, causing it
to become totally bald In five weeks'
time. To rid the scalp of these danger-
ous perms it is necessary to apply New-
bro's Herpicide,
"Destroy the 'cause^ — you remove the
effect."
Sold by lcadinjf druggists. Send 10c in
stamps for sample to The Herpicide Co.;
Dftroit. Mich.
A most substantial good for
grocer * and people alike — ¦
Schilling's Best — and a whole-
some uplift for business.
Moneyback.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ROOS BROS.
We've been talking of
Men's Overcoats
It's the Children's turn I
Now.
They can't be left I
Out in the cold.
We've Overcoats for
Them J
Just like the grownups, k
And just as good, too.
Overcoats for
Tall boys and short,
Slim boys and stout, I
Big- boys and small,
All sorts of boys,
And for girls, too,
They re "in it.
You'd say so if you
Gould see them in
One of our Reefers or
Long Coats.
Then the big boys—
The High School
And the
College boys—
We've Coats for
Them, too.
Nobby Coats,
Swell Coats,
Mannish Coats.
Just the Coats they
Like best. j
Prices to suit
Everybody.
ROOS BROS.
KEARNY AT POST.
Always Remember the PallNfme
| axauve Kromo Qiunine
Cores a Cold la One Day, Cripta 3 Days. GENOA, Nov. 6.— Two earthquake
shocks have been felt to tha north of
Lake Leman. They were accompanied
by brilliant auroral displays.
Aurora and Quakes In Italy.
Two deeds were placed on record yester
day covering the transfer by , Abraham
Ruef to John F. Leicester of property on
Sacramento street, near Kearny. being
part of the block bounded by Kearny,
Webb, California and Sacramento streets,
which has 'been bought by Rudolph
Sireckela for J400,000. .
I .Big Sale of Real Estate.
SAN BERNARDINO, Nov. G.-A woman
known as Ethel was fatally wounded to
day by the accidental discharge of a re
volver which had fallen from' the pocket
of Frank Favre. Favre is under arrest
although his story of the shooting differed
in- no particular from that told by the
woman. ¦ ¦ ¦ • - • ¦• ¦
Woman Is Fatally Wounded.
MANILA. Nov. 6.— Major General Wood
reports that during his recent trip to
Lake Lanaos the hitherto hostile Moros
of that region came In to meet him In a
very friendly spirit. He will next visit
Jolo, where there ha.s been trouble recent
ly through Moros attacking and wounding
two American soldiers. . ,1
Moros Show Friendly Spirit.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 6.— Assistant Gen
eral Freight Agent Parkyns of the South
ern Pacific, who was cited for: contempt
of court for refusing to produce the rec
ords of the division of the citrus fruit
tonnage between . his company and the
banta Fe, has surrendered the books to
the United States Attorneys in the rout
ing case. The contempt proceedings there
fore will be dropped.
Parkyns Surrenders the Books.
At the regular monthly meeting of the
Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Children, held yesterday, the following
named applicants were unanimously ad
mitted to membership: Mrs. Alexander
Boyd, Alphonse Judls. G. A. Dornin, G.
Greenzwig, J. "Coup, F. L. G.' Sresovich,
W. S. Porter and R. Houghton. The chil
dren involved in the society's investiga
tions during October numbered 293, and
of. these 129 were afforded relief. It was
decided to increase tha working force in
the society's office by reason of increased
work. . • .
Children's Society Meets,
SAN BERNARDINO, Nov. 6.— Garnando
Moreno {o-day received injuries likely to
prove fatal by the unexpected explosion
of powder at the Declea quarries. He had
been sent to relight a fuse leading to a
blast, when the explosion occurred. His
Ifeft arm was shattered, his hip broken
and face crushed In.
Fatally Injured by an Explosion.
Southern Baptist Convention Closes.
SANTA BARBARA. Nov. 6.— The an
nual convention of the Southern Califor
nia Baptist Association closed to-night
after finishing routine business. Addresses
were delivered by Rev. E. H. Walker.
Fullerton; Rev. Dr. R. G. Seymour. Phil
adelphia, secretary of the American Bap
tist Publication Society, and Messrs. D.
P. Ward and J. C. McCoy. '
At a meeting of representatives of. the
local courts of Foresters of America, held
last night In the Alcazar building, it was
decided to hold a monster class Initiation
in Eintracht Hall on the night of January
22 of next year, and on the following
night to hold a ball in the same hall.
It is expected that Supreme Chief Ranger
Kelly of New Jersey will be in this city
on an official visit, and these evenings
will be held. in his honor. Subcommittees
were appointed to arrange the details of
the initiation,, and at the next meeting
a committee will be named to arrange
for the ball. An effort will be made to
secure a thousand candidates for the
first night's event.
Forester Chief Is Coming.
Los Angeles— H. Branley, H. Jevne and
wife, Miss Jevne and B. R. Miller, at the
Hotel Manhattan; R. A. Thomas, at the
Navarre; F. O. Werner and wife, at the
Holland; K. Holllngsworth, at the Herald
Square.
San Francisco— J. If. Bermingham, at
the Murray Hill; R. Brown, at the Hotel
Imperial; F. J. Colbert and wife, at the
Earilngton; J. Dubois, at the St. Denis;
A. Martinwelller, at the Manhattan; Dr.
R. A. McLean, at the Murray Hill; H.
F. Bassett, at the Vendome; Mrs. J. C.
Hampton, at the Holland; 5% Jaynes, at
the Hotel Navarre; J. Hi Willett, at the
Metropolitan; . D. L. Randolph, at the
Manhattan.
NEW YORK. Nov. 6.— The following
Californians have arrived at the hotels
in New York:
Californians in New York.
Canadians Hiss American Anthem.
VANCOUVER, B. C. Nov. 6.— As show-
Ing the depth of resentment over the suc
cess of the United States in the Alaskan
.boundary matter, during the performance
0? a minstrel troupe last evening the
music of the American anthem was vigor
ously hissed. When the flag formed itself
in the stage lights the expressions of dis
sent became bo loud that the curtain was
hastily rung down.
The Rev. H. B. Heacock gave an inter
esting lecture last evening in Grace
Church, on Twenty-first and Capp streets.
The lecture was given for the benefit of
the W. H. M. Society and was illustrated
by many good stereopticon views. The
subject of Dr. Heacock's lecture was
'.'Two Months in the British Isles" and
proved to be very interesting to the large
attendance.
Lectures on British Isles.
Armenian Murderer an Alfarist.
LONDON, Nov. 6.— The real name of
Georgie Yangie, the Armenian murderer
and suicide, is now said to be Karan, and
he is described as a prominent Alfarlst,
who formerly resided at Providence, R. I.
His age is said to be about 40 years.
Protest of Consuls Denied.
MANILA, Nov. 6.— Governor W. H. Taft
has just denied the protest of the foreign
Consuls against the action of certain of
ficials in supplying importers with sam
ples of goods shipped to the St. Louis ex
position.
The detectives who arrested Georgo
O'Neil, an ex-convlct, at Clay and Oc
tavia streets on Thursday night on sus
picion of being the porch climber who
has operated in a number of residences
in the Western Addition were working all
day yesterday in an effort to fasten some
of the burglaries upon him. They claim
that they have evidence against him in
one case and fully expect to have others.
A pair of gold cuff buttons, square
shaped, with the initials 4I T. F." engraved
upon them, and a gold collar button
with a cross in black on top, were found
in his pockets. An owner is wanted for
them, as they are supposed to have been
stolen.
O'Neil has a bad record. On March
4, 1890, he was sent to the Industrial
School for two years on two charges of
burglary; July 6, 1822, he was sentenced
to serve three years in San Quentin on
four charges of burglary, but in Decem
ber of that year he was sent to the Napa
Insane Asylum. On December 22, 1897, he
was sentenced to serve five years in Fbl
som penitentiary for an unnatural offense.
His brother, Thomas, who died on June
16, 1902, while awaiting trial on a charge
of burglary, was known as a porch
climber, and was captured in 1S95 by De
tective Cody and Policeman George Gra
ham while climbing down the pjllar of a
porch at 2224 California street. He served
seven years for that offense.
Trying to Fasten the Porch Climb
ing Burglaries Upon His
Shoulders.
SEATTLE, Nov. 6.— A party of Scotch
and English gentlemen who spent the en
tire summer In the Cook Inlet country
hunting moose, mountain sheep and the
other big game of that country, returned
to Seattle to-day. In the party are Lord
Elphinstone of Scotland, P. B. Vanderberl
of England, Andrew K. Stone, represent
ing the American Museum of History, and
C. E. Radclyffe, representing the British
Museum. The hunters brought back with
them some very fine specimens of the big
game of Alaska.
Kill Big Game in Alaska.
BERKELEY, Nov. 6. — The warning bell
at the railroad crossing at University and
Shattuck avenues rang all night and far
into this morning. But at 5 o'clock it
stopped because a woman, scantily clad.
went out of her home near by and started
to chop it down. One blow silenced it.
however, the lady creeped back to bed.
The identity of the second Mrs. Nation
is unknown.
Woman Stops Bell Ringing.
OAKLAND, Nov. 6.— Residents and
property owners on Boulevard terrace, in
cluding Mrs. Ethel Gage Gross, Emma C.
Percy, Mrs. George W. Percy, Elizabeth.
L. Miiler and the Realty Syndicate. hav»
petitioned the Board of Public Works to
make extensive repairs to the asphalt
pavement, claiming that the winter rains
will wash out the foundation unless tho
work is done.
Want Terrace Improved.
Frank Wlggans, California Commission
er to the St. Louis Exposition, is up from
Los Angeles and is registered at the Pal
ace.
Edward Purser, one of the many East
ern turtmen who spend the winter months
in San Francisco, arrived at the Palace
yesterday.
Melville E. Stone, general manager of
the Associated Press, accompanied by his
wife, arrived from the East yesterday and
is at the Occidental.
Alfred Dolge, who is associated with
Henry E. Huntington in several big man :
ufacturlng enterprises in Southern Cali
fornia, arrived at the Palace last even
ing.
E. R. Stackable, Collector of the Port of
Honolulu, who has been attending a con
ference of Federal officials in New York,
arrived at the Palace yesterday en route
to the islands.
Leong Kal Cheu, the Chinese reformer,
and his secretary, Pow Chel, who have
been doing missionary work in the south
ern part of the State, returned yesterday
and registered at the Occidental.
Dr. "W. S. Taylor of Livermoro is at the
Palace.
Attorney Byron Waters of Los Angeles
is at the Occidental.
T. J. Houghton, a mining man of Fol-
Bom, is at the Lick.
W. J. Murphy, a mining man of Phoe
nix, is at the Palace.
State Senator Thomas Flint Jr. and
wife are at the Palace.
H. L. Pierson, a land agent of Sacra
mento, is at the Palace.
Judge' J. W. McKInley of Los Angeles is
registered at the Palace.
George R. Stewart, a merchant of Crows
Landing, is at the Grand.
E. W. Hale, the well-known merchant
of .Sacramento, and wife are at the Pal-
Victor H. Woods, State Surveyor Gen
eral, is down from Sacramento and is at
the Lick.
S. N. Griffith, who is interested in the
light and power company of Fres
no, and wife are at the Occidental.
PERSONAL MENTION.
POLICE CLAIM TO HAVE
A CASE AGAINST CNEIL
The plans of the organization include,
first,, the advancement* and .development
of the members of the organizationalong
artistic and liferary lines, and second, the
advancement of the city that the club
represents. The club proposes to hold
a meeting each week, when a trip will
be made in some direction for study. To
day several dozen members of the or
ganization visited San Francisco, where
they paid a visit to the Mark Hopkins
Institute of Art and later to the Golden
Gate Park Museum. A number of similar
trips are in preparation. . . '
The objects of the club are not alone
social and educational,, though, the gather
ings will usually be along these lines. It
is proposed that should Richmond become
an incorporated city the women of the
Richmond Club will follow the example
that is being set in Oakland and take an
interest in the material advancement and
beautification of the city.
President, Mrs. "W. B. Trull; vice presi
dent, Mrs. George le Compte; secretar>
Mrs. Belle Sweesy; treasurer, Mrs. N. J
Pritchard.
TACOMA, Nov. 6.— According to news re
ceived from Port Simpson, several Grand
Trunk Pacific survey parties, are. working
around Port Simpson, not only, ashore
but in the passages leading to the port.
These waters were examined with a view
to ascertain the most feasible and con
venient route to the ocean in preparation
for the Grand Trunk's Trans-Pacific traf
fic. The surveyor assigned to this im
portant duty returned on tho Tees, and
from parties who arrived by that ship it
Is learned that his decision rests in favor
of Browns Passage. This is the water
to the south." of South Dundas Island, and
in a latitude probably twenty-five miles
south of Port Simpson itself. Vessels
using this passage can either come in
from sea by way of Queen Charlotte
Sound and Hecato Strait or to the north
of that group by the way of Dixon en
trance. The latter Is the most . direct
route to the sea, and one, therefore,
which will most likely be the course taken
by all Trans-Pacific ships. It is the chan
nel which separates Prince of Wales Isl
and from the Queen Charlotte group and
which connects Hecate Strait to the east
of the latter. Browns Passage is situ
ated at the meeting of the two.
Grand Trunk's Surveyors Are Work
ing Around Port Simpson.
TBAUS-PACIFIC TRAFFIC.
LIVERPOOL, Nov. 6.— Lord Goschen,
formerly Chancellor of the Exchequer,
speaking to-day, said he favored the re
taliation under extraordinary circum
stances requiring heroic legislation, but
he was opposed to giving the Government
a mandate authorizing retaliatory tariffs.
The speaker added that Joseph Chamber
lain's policy was dangerous and that it
was unstatesmanlike to characterize those
who were not prepared to accept it as be
ing unfriendly to the colonies. He denied
that there were any signs of the decay of
the industries of the United Kingdom,
and he supported his statement by statis
tics. Tho speaker further asserted that
"foreign communities are fleeced by
the trusts," and declared that the system
of "dumping" could not continue. He be
lieved Mr. Chamberlain's policy would
hamper trade and reduce shipping.
Lord Goschen Opposes
the Retaliatory
. Tariff.
VALLEJO. Nov. 8. — The steam engineering
department at Mara Island Navy Yard will
begin work on the gunboat Torktown next
Monday. Some idea of th© extent of tha re
pairs to be done on her by tho department may
•be gathered from tha fai-t that $113,4(XI ts
allowed for material ar.d labor.
XAPA, Nov. 6. — Wednesday afternoon
Charles 'j Brennan swore to a complaint
against Joseph Bennet. charging him with
battery. Bennet Is a non-union man and Bren
nan a striking union man. Both are shoe
workers at Evans 1 Shoa Factory. Bennet. it
Is charged, assaulted Brennan with a cana
on Main street, battering him up considerably.
Justice McKnlght has set tho case for trial
next Wednesday morning.
WASHINGTOX. Nov. 6.— Secretary Cortel
you to-day overruled the action of the Boston
immigration offtciats by ordering the landing
of Vashtan Krikorian. an Armenian, who was
denied admission to the country on the. ground
that he was likely to become a public charg*.
WASHINGTON. Nov. «. — Statistics prepared
by the Geological Survey show that the pro
duction of precious Jewels in the .United States
In 1002 amounted to $318,300, while J25.
412.770 represents th« total value of such
stones imported into this country in the sarna
time.
BERLIN, Nov. 6. — At meetings of the »o
ciallsts candidates have- bef'n chosen to con
test the elections for the Diet, among them
being ' Herren Eebel. Sinjcer and Pfankauch
and Dr. Arons.
WASHINGTON. Nwr. 8.— Tha Repab!!e»n
caucus of Senators to consider Tarancles ca
committees will b« held Tuesday afternoon.
LuUlEDO. Tex., Xor. 6.— The official yellow
fever bulletin ahows: New cases, IS; dVaths,
4; total cases to date, 691; total deaths. 66.
VENTURA. Nov. 6. — Fred Madison, atred 4O.
a fruit peddler, committed suicida last nigrht
by blowing out his brains with a shotgun.
CLEVELAND. Ohio. Nov. 6.— Snow fell at
many ooints throughout Northern and Cen
tral Ohio to-day. In some sections threa inches
of snow have fallen. ¦ •
PITTSBCRO, Nov. 6.— Elroy 8. Plait, tha
St. Louis contractor who on Wednesday shot
himself »rlth auiclda.1 Intent, died to-day from
the effects of the wound.
TELEGRAPH NEWS.
Impromptu, Op. 25. No. 1, and Etude, Op.
36, No. 3, Arensky; Berceuse. Op. 1. No. 1.
Korcstchenko; Prelude, Op. 27, No. 3, Liadow;
Barcarole, G major, Rubinstein; waltz. B ma
jor, Od. 34, No. 1. Moezkowskl : Rhapsodie.
Op. Ill), No. 4, Brahms; Etude. Op. 25. No. 2,
and Etude, Op. 10, No. 7, Chopin; Arabesque,
Op. 18, Schumann; Sonata, Op. 35, Chopin —
Brave, scherzo, marche funebre, finale; Ketn
Klage laut, Kein Wort, Op. 6, No. 2, and In
Mitten des Balles, Op. 38, No. 3, Tschalkow
sky; O Sonne, du ziehst wohl uber die Beree,
Op. 21, No. 1, and Das Kraut Venressenheit,
Op. 24, No. 1, A. von Flclltz; Absented (aus
Op. 12, No. 2), The Deep Sea Pearl, Op. 14.
No. 2, and The Eagle, Op. 4, No. 8, Edward
1\ Schneider.
Mr. Biggerstaff performed well on the
piano, and Mrs. Schneider, who has a
fine mezzo soprano, sang several very dif
ficult songs. Mrs. Schneider was accom
panied by her husband. The audience was
appreciative.
The programme was as follows:
~A concert was given last evening In
Lyric Hall by Frederic Biggerstaff, who
was assisted by Mr. and Mrs. Edward F.
Schneider.
Frederic Biggerstaff , Assisted by Mr.
and Mrs. Edward F. Schneider,
Appears in Recital.
WORK OF PIANIST IN
CONCERT APPRECIATED
Since the passage of the franchise or
dinances Monday night and the state
ments thereafter made by Attorneys
Frank Shay and J. E. Foulds of the
Southern Pacific that the franchises would
not be accepted because the measure did
not contain all of the demands of th«
management of the company, there has
been much speculation as to what posi
tion the railroad will take in the premises.
It is expected that Mr. Kruttschnltt's an
swer will be before the City Trustees next
Monday night, when they meet in ad
journed session.
"Mr. J. W. Gilloffly, City Clerk, Ala
meda—Dear Sir: I have your letter of
November 4,. 1903; also copies of the fran
chise ordinances as referred to by you. I
have referred them to Mr. Kruttschnitt,
who In due time will' make reply to
same. Yours truly,
"WILLIAM F. HERRINV
ALAMEDA, Nov. 6.— General Manager
Julius Kruttschnitt of the Southern Pa
cific Company is one who will finally say
whether the corporation he represents
will accept or reject the two local rail
road franchises awarded It last Monday
night by the City Trustees, as th© follow
ing communication received by the City
Clerk this afternoon from Attorney Wil
liam F. Herrln of the company explains:
"San Francisco, Nov. 6, 1903.
HEW OBSTACLE
FOR CHAMBERLAIN
The Canadian Bank of Commerce began
suits yesterday against tho different
banks which had accepted checks alleged
to have been forged by E. F. Mattison,
and which checks had been subsequently
sent to the plaintiff institution, as banker
of the Continental Building and Loan As
sociation, and "honored by it.
The checks in question were issued by
the Continental Building and Loan Asso
ciation and sent to their agent, E. F.
Mattison, in Los Angeles, to be delivered
to different clients. Instead of passing
the checks to. the parties' for which they
were Intended, Mattison, it is alleged,
forged the names of tho different clients,
cashed the checks at the defendant banks,
pocketed the money and then boarding
one of the Kosmos liners, skipped away
to Germany.
The following banks are defendants in
the suits: Wells, Fargo & Co., $10,516 S«;
American National Bank, ,$13,353 80; Neva
da National Bank, $27,608 90, and San
Francisco National Bank, $20,680 21.
Mattison was caught in Germany .and
now, under extradition papers, is being
returned - to the scene of his alleged
wrong-doings. The case, when it comes
to trial, will undoubtedly develop a great
deal of public interest and will be fought
bitterly on both sides.
Smith & Pringle and Gavin McNab
are attorneys for the plaintiff.
The Jacobs shop Is on East Twelfth
street, near Fifteenth avenue, and It has
been a source of great annoyance to th«
police. Reuben Jacobs, the woman's hus
band, only recently was released from th©
County Jail after serving a sentence for
the -theft of pipe from th© Contra Costa
Water Company.
Mrs. Jacobs was ordered to appear Mon
day morning for sentence.-
It came to trial to-day before Judga
George Samuels and a jury. The woman,
made a hard fight to save herself, having
two attorneys employed. Prosecuting At
torney A. P. Leach conducted th© prose
cution.
The particular offense was th© buying
from Albert JLaviUe, 7 years old, of a
quantity of bottles. There wa3 only 10
cents involved, but the case was one that
the police had long been trying to fix on
the woman because of the unsavory repu
tation of her place of business. Patrolman
Fred Schroeder arrested Mrs. Jacobs on
August 1, but the trial had been postponed
from tim© to tim© for various reasons.
Charged by the police with conducting
a notorious "fence," where youthful
thieves might easily dispose of stolen
plunder, Mrs. Sarah Jacobs, a dealer In,
second-hand wares, was convicted by a
jury In the Police Court this afternoon.
of a violation of a statute'which prohibits
the purchase of junk from minors under
the ago of 16 years.
Oakland OfUce San Francisco Call,
1113 Broadway. Nov. 6.
Husband and Wife Are Held
in Bad Repute as Aids
to Young Thieves.
Alameda's Trustees Await
Reply From Southern
Pacific.
E. F. Mattison, the Alleged
Criminal, Now Under
Arrest.
Canadian Bank, of Com
merce Wants Money
Back.
Kruttschnitt to Accept
or Reject the Two
Franchises.
Notorious "Fence" Is
Pound Guilty by
a Jury.
CLAIMS CHECKS
WERE FORGED
MANAGER WILL
MAKE ANSWER
SARAH JACOBS
IS CONVICTED
WOMEN OF POINT RICHMOND
HAVE FORMED MODERN CLUB
Literary and Art.Features Will Be Factors of the
Organization, but Members Will Help in the
Building of a Beautiful City Across the Bay
COLLEGE HISTORY
AUTHOR'S FIELD
MENDOZA JURY
OUT ALL NIGHT
Case of Alleged Cattle-
Stealing Ends in
Mistrial.
Herbert W. Hopkins'
Book Romances Re
cent Events.
Thinly Veiled References Find
Their Way Into "The
Torch." •
After Thirty Hours of Delib
eration No Verdict Is
Reached.
Oakiar.d Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway, Nov. 6.
For a Fecoqd time a Jury In this county
has failed to arrive at a verdict in the
case of Frank. Mendoza, charged with
dealing cattle in the hills back of Sunol.
After thirty hours of deliberation the
;ury sitting in the second trial of the case
announced that it was unable to reach
a verdict encl this afternoon was dis
charged from duty. The jurors were clos
eted in the jury-room all r.ight and were
Tired and worn cut by their long session.
BeVen were for conviction and live
for acquittal and numerous ballots iind
hours cf discussion failed to alter the
conclusions arrived at by the different
men composing the jury.
Fiaak Mendcza i6 charged by Frank
Abrott with having stolen three of his
oettle and altered their brands. There
were originally seventeen different com
plaints apainst Mer.doza. He was tried
» nee in San Jore and acquitted and most
of the cases against him in that county
veie dismissed. He was accused of
conducting his operations on both 6ldes
of the dividing line between Santa Clara
«:nd Alameda counties and the matter
was then taken up by people in this
county and Abrott swore to a complaint
before the District Attorney here.
Mendosa wa§ tried a few months ago Jn
;his county ar.d the jury disagreed and
ihis is his second trial. District Atorney
Alien has not yirt decided what he will
do in the matter of further prosecution.
It was shown that the cattle were in
Mer.doza'e possession and that their
trands had been altered. Mendoza, how
ever, claimed that he iiad bought the cat
tle of a nrigiibor and the case was a mat
ter of veracity bttwetn the two men.
OFFICERS OF THE NEWLY ORGANIZED WOMEN'S CLUB OF RICH
MOND THAT IS DESIGNED TO TAKE AN ACTIVE INTEREST IN
THE BEAUTIFICATION OF THE CITY.
TREE PLAlfTING SCHEME
IS SUBJECT OF REPORT
Committee Makes Suggestion That
Will Be Heard in Public Meet
ing Tuesday Evening.
OAKLANIJ, Nov. C— The citizens' com
mittee, which hu.s in hand the project of
beautifying Oakland's streets by a sys
tematic scheme of tree planting, has pre
pared a preliminary report, which will be
discussed at a public meeting Tuesday
evening, November 10, at tfie Board of
Trade rooms. Twelfth ana Clay streets.
Addresses will he made by Professor WiU
lis L. Jepson of the I'niversity of Califor
nia. Johannes Roimtrs of Stockton, Col
onel John P. Irish and others. Invita
tions have been sent to ihe Town and
Gown Club of Berkeley, particularly the
Telegraph avenue property owners and
the- Women's Civic Improvement Club.
The committee finds that the cost on
Telegraph avenue, the first thoroughfare
to be improved, will not be more than $1
to each f.fty fr-et of frontage.
The general plan as outlined in embryo
contemplates the planting of tre^es the en
tire length of Ptralta, Adeline, Grove
Ftreptj. and on San Pablo and Tele
graph avenues, and Broadway from
the business center norUiward. ' This,
however, is only a beginning, the
purpose bting to take up in time
every section of the city. The species of
tree to be used on Telegraph avenue has
not been de-cicled by the committee.
Berkeley Office San Francisco (pall,
214S Center Street, Nov. 6.
In "The Torch," a new novel that, has
! just come from the pen of Herbert M.
I Hopkins, formerly instructor of Latin at
\ the University of California, some of trfc
¦ recent history at this and Stanford Unl
! versity is ro thinly disguised behind a
, veil of romence that all the faculty mem
! bers fortunate enough to. get hold of the
bock are talking about it. The new novel
¦ only arrived a few days ago in the hands
! of a favored few, but already there is a
• deal of chuckling going on and almost
I everybody who is anybody knows all
I about the most significant references. The
i very name of "The Torch" conveys the
} idea of burning, torture, murder, and it
! is said the reader }s never disappointed.
The author denies in a letter to a friend
j that he gathered his material from the
two California universities and declares
that the references in his book to a West
ern university comprehend a university
i in the Middle West. This may be, but
t readers of "The Torch" cannot help Bee
ing that there is a striking similarity be
tween the events that occurred subse
! qucnt to the retirement of the late Martin
; Kellogg from the presidency of the uni-
I versity and the Ross affair at Stanford
' and the events as narrated in the book.
The story begins with the retirement
: from the I'niversity of Argos of a pres
• id^nt old and revered, in whom some will
I recognize a vivid likeness of the late Dr.
• Kellogg. This president is succeeded by
1 a younger man from an Eastern univer
i sity, one carrying a reputation as an ath
! lete, Babington by name, which eome
1 think is only smother name for Wheeler.
The new president is expected to revo
j lutionize the economy of the university
and build it upon broader lines. But his
1 selection arouses the resentment of the
¦ older members of the faculty, who con
j sidered themselves entitled to promotion
I to the president's office, and some of
! them make such a show of feeling that
! the new president peremptorily dismisses
j them. The younger professors take ura
| brage at this quick method of dealing
' punishment and several of them resign,
' which, of course, makes a scandal. This
! la«t incident is supposed to refer to the
1 Ross affair at Stanford. The result of
I the embroglio Is that the faculty at Ar
gos is completely demoralized.
"The Torch" was recently commented
I upon in the book reviews of the New
I York Times in the following manner:
The Torch strikes an unusual if not entirely
- new uoie in fiction in offering as its theme tha
\ inner wr.rking of a Bute university in tho
; "West. And, considering that in this case it is -
I not the students but the faculty that form the
! personnel of the story, the author succeeds in
developing some quite unexpectedly lively
eveuts among the staid dwellers in academic
grovts.
Much the Fame state of affairs is pictured
by Mr. Hopkins as is actually known to havo
i existed recently in a certain proprietary lnstltu
j tlon on the Pacific slope and the same results
; follow, much to the detriment of the univergi- ¦¦
t ty's working force. It eeems strange that In a i
> State Institution euch as the author describes ¦
po lsx a rein should have been held by the gov
; f-rnir.jj board and so much left to the diccretion
; of cne man In the management of two hundred
[or more teachers employed, but. If Mr. Hopkins'
j bock i? to be regarded as in any way authorita
tive, there are stranger things than that in the
management of State universities.
The main interest of the story lies in the au
thor's clever delineation of the president's
character and of the process by which he was
gradually stripped cf his assumptions and re
vealed to his associates in his true guise, but
there are several other exceedingly well drawr
characters, and the situations in which they are
involved, as events proceed, are both amueing
aril interesting. 1
The necessary tcuch of romance Is supplied
by a fascinating widow, who is of that coquet
tish type naturally fostered in a college town,
and ehe requires the whole book to reach a de
cision as to the conferring of hfr valuable af
fections. The general impression conveyed by
Mr. Hopkins is that the chief aim of such In
stitutions as that at Argoe is to win popularity
and students at the sacrifice of everything else,
and that neither the heads, the directors nor 1
the teaching force compare very favorably with I
those l»"Ef> intimately connected with politics
ard patronage.
Mr. Hopkins, the author, is now an ln
i structor in Latin at an Episcopal acad
emy in Hartford, Conn. He left the Uni
versity of California two years ago.
BAYS HUSBAND FORGOT
HIS MARRIAGE VOWS
ilrs. Louise Orear Begins a Suit for
Divorce Upon Statutory
Grounds.
OAKLAND, Nov. 6.— Suit for divorce
was begun by Louise M. Orear against
"William Lt, Orear to-day upon the ground
of unfaithfulness. They were married in
Titian in March of this year.
' Orear conducts a sporting goods estab
lishment in this city and, it is alleged by
his wife, in worth $15,000 and has an in
come of $2<jO a month, of which she asks
175 a month alimony. Shfe also asks that
Fh« be allowed to resume her maiden
r.ame, Rftddan.
Nils A- Lundstrom was granted a divorce
to-day from Addie A. Lundstrom on the
pround of cruelty.
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
RAILROAD FINALLY GETS
SITE TOR FREIGHT YARDS
Hunter Lumber Company Transfers
Land at Gore Recently Ac
quired by Purchase.
BERKELEY. Nov. 6.— The Hunter Lum
ber Company to-day transferred to the
Southern Pacific Company the deeds to
the gore now occupied by its mills at Ade
line and Russell streets and Shattuck
avenue. This means that the railroad will
eocn begin building its yards on that site
and remove them from East Berkeley sta
tion, where they have been for many
years. As Foon as the yarcs dre changed
from East Hfrkeley the company will be
gin the erection of a 525.000 depot, which
it has promised for that. place.
BERKELET. Nor. 6.— Alfred C. Skalfe,
chairman of the alumni committee, and Grad
uate Alanager Decoto have had a mlsunder-
Ftanding over seats that wore to be assigned
for the alumni at the big football game.
£kaife eays Decoto promised to set aclde a
certain f-ection in the grandstand for tho
alumni, but that subsequently Decoto told him
the Beats bad been won by Stanford on a toss.
Decoto says he jiromised the seats with the
reservation if Stanford won them the alumni
would have to do without them. The alumni
will have to be satisfied with other seats.
The Philological Club announces that its
fifth annual meeting will be held In Mark Hop
kins Institute of Art on December 28, 29
and SO.
Four lectures, •'Illustrations of Psychological
Principles." will be delivered In the Philosophy
building in November by the well-known psy
chologist, Joseph Jastrow, professor of psy
chology at the University of Wisconsin. The
programme for the lectures Is as follow*: Mon
day, November 10. "Acquisition and Expres
sion"; Tuesday, November 17, "The Subcon
scious"; Mcnday, November 13, "Seeing and
Thinking."
The chess, tournament for members of the
university will bt inaugurated within a week.
The winners will ba matched against the chesa
players of Stanford.
Takes Kennealy's Hat and Coat.
Francis Kennoaly was approached by a
boggar at I'owell and EdOy streets on
Thursday right and on refusing to hand
over a coin was grossly insulted, so Ken
nealjr pulled off his hat and coat and
tackled the insulting btggar. who soon
fled for safety. When Kennealy looked
for his hat and coat he could not find
thrm. They had been carried away by
Frank Adams and he was arrested by Po
liceman Dave Murphy on a charge of
petty larceny. The ca*e was called before
Police Judpe Mogan yesterday and Adams
got a continuance to enable him to bring
witnesses as to character.
POINT RICHMOND, Nov. 6.-The
women of the new and growing
city of Richmond have Organized
a club for their benefit and the
benefit of the city. The member
ship is already large, and it Is expected
to make it include the greater part of .the
women cf this district.
The women of Richmond began to feel,
as the town grew and prospered, that
they were a factor in its development,
and some weeks ago the first meetings
were held to organize an association that
would not alone aid in the development
of the individuals but of the. town. Other
cities have organizations of women who
work for the advancement of the cities
they represent .and Richmond felt that
they could do as well. The result was
the organization of the Woman's Club
of Richmond. Several preliminary meet
ings have been held and the following
officers have been elected to serve through
the first year of the existence of the new
organization:
SANTA FE OFFICIALS
ARRIVE FROM SOTJTH
President Ripley and Party on a Tour
of Inspection Over Company's
lines.
E. P. Rlpley, president of the Santa Fe
road, accompanied by Second Vice Presi
dent Paul Morton, Third Vice President
J. W. Kendrlck. General Manager A. G.
Wells, Chief Engineer James Dun, R. B.
Burns, chief engineer of the Pacific sys
tem, and J. C. Peasley of Chicago, who
is the personal guest of the president, ar
rived from the south yesterday and reg
istered at the Palace. Mr. Ripley is mak
ing his regular semi-annual inspection
tour over the company's lines and will
remain here until next Tuesday and in
spect the company's interests around the
bay.*
With his party President Ripley has
just completed an extended trip through
Texas and Arizona, where he mads a
careful survey of different territories
through which the company 13 contem
plating the construction of branch lines.
Among the plans which the company has
under consideration is the building of a
branch road from Mesa City to Goldfleld,
In Arizona, a distance of about twenty
miles, and the extension of its main line
from 6ome point in New Mexico through
Gila and Salt River Valley and Phoenix,
thence in a northwesterly direction to the
Colorado River and thence south to Nee
dles. This new line, it is figured, will
overcome the present heavy grades on
that portion of the system extending
through the northern part of Arizona.
It Is not likely, however, as was ex
plained by one of the officials of the road
last evening, that this work will be un
dertaken for a year or so, for the com
pany, like other roads throughout the.
country, is planning economy, and while
not retrenching on as great a scale as
the Southern Pacific, is not preparing for
large expenditures of money for improve
ments In the near future.
Prisoner Assaults an Officer.
BAN DIEGO, Nov. C.-A man who has
frone under the name of Lieutenant Van
Eiee and who has poppd in several coast
cities as a military officer from St. Louis,
was arrteu-d this morning on the charge
cf vagrancy. At the police station Van
Bice made a sudden attack on Deputy
Constable Videl, Ftriking him violently In
the face, for which he will have to an
swer to a charge of battery. .
COMMITTEE EXONERATES
PRINCIPAL J. D. MARTIN
Charges Against the Head of Grant
School Found to Be Abso
lutely Groundless.
OAKLAND, Nov. 6.— Complete exonera
tion by unanimous vote w.as the decision
of the rules and regulations committee of
the Board of Education to-night In the
case of J. D. Martin, principal of the
Grant School, accused of cruelty toward
Stanley Hitchcock, 6on of C. E. Hitch
cock, a Piedmont deputy sheriff.
There was not tha slightest particle of
testimony, other than a halting,' contra
dictory story from the boy, to lend even
a faint suspicion of color to Hitchcock's
accusations. .On the other hand, Martin
gave a olain narrative, showing that the
boy had not been punished nor abused,
and the testimony was fully corroborated
by Fred Mann and George Freeman, who
witnessed the meeting between young
Hitchcock and the principal.
The committee thai heard the case was
composed of Directors Robertson, Dr.
Knox and Isaacs and President Randolph!
Nelson Applies for a Writ
Attorneys Barnes and McCloskey ap
plied for a writ of habeas corpus yester
day morning for the release of David R.
Nelson, the attorney from. Coffeyvllle,
Kans., who is wanted there on a charge
of being an accessory to. a murder. The
writ was made returnable at 10 o'clock
this morning before Judge Cook. The po
lice have Becured a warrant for Nelson's
arrest on the charge of being a fugitive
from. Justice. It will be served if the writ
should be granted, but Attorney* Barnes
says his only Object is to fight the extra
dition papers, and nothing will be done
until the officer arrives with them.
Marriage Licenses
OAKLAND, Nov. 6.— The following mar
riage licenses were issued by the County
Clerk to-day: Conrad C. Uzeta, 65, and
Rosa Zepeda, U, both of Alameda; Wil
liam H. Walsh, 24, and Frieda Olsen, 19
both of Oakland; Albert Morris, 25. Los
Angeles, and Mabel Levy, 20, San Diego;
Antonio P. Cardoza, Fresno, over 21, and
Mary Silvelra, over 18, Centerville: Joseph
Zinke, 26, San Francisco, and Crlstlna
Zoerb, 26, Berkeley.
"Mark Twain" in Genoa.
GENOA, Italy, Nov. 6.— Samuel L. Clem
ens (Mark Twain), accompanied by. Mrs.
Clemens and their daughters, arrived here
to-day. Mrs. Clemens has b&en much
benefited by the voyage, but she Is still
ailing.
GLASGOW, Nov. "6. — Firs to-day destroyed
the warehouse of the Wyllie Warehouse Com
pany on Buckingham street and partly ruined
adjoining buildlncs. The damage will reach
si. ooo. ooo.
Austro-Bussian Plan in Favor.
CONSTANTINOPLE. Nov. 6.— The Brit
ish Embassador has notified the Porte
that Great Britain will support the Aus
tro-Russian plan for Macedonian reforms.
SAN FRAIS CISCO CALL, SATURDAY, KOYEMBEK 7, 1903.
4
ADVERTISEMENTS.
'O *
Pears* soap is dried a
whole year. That's why it
lasts so. It wears as thin
as a wafer.
Sold all over the world.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"Formonthi I had trreat tronbiewUhmyitomsrli
and sued all kinds of medicines. My tt>ngu« has
been actually aa ereen as gras3. my breath hav.r.z
a bad odor. Two weeks ago a friend rsenmmendei
Cascarets and after U3ine them I can willingly an<l
cheerfully say that they Lara entirely cnreilme. I
therefore, let you know that I shall recommend
them to any one suffering from such troubles."
Chu. H. Ualpua, 103 kivingtuu St., Keif lork. K.7..
r't Jf^^r "H Uft FS f'V'i/ir*f*T *»
CANDY CATMAWT1C - ¦
*r"y\'; ¦ ¦'. ' «»v '
' Pleasant, Palatable. Potent. Taste Good. Do flood.
Never Sicken, Weaken or Gripe, 13c. t>o. iOc Never
sold in balk. The genuine tablet stampe-i C C C.
Guaranteed to cure or your money buck.
Sterling Remedy Co., Chicago or N.Y. 598
MMUALSALE, TEH MILLION BOXES
PIVOT TEETH
Inserted on b.oken down roots, restoring ti»
natural expression to the tape. Gold and porce-
lain crowns made for cost of materials. *
Week days. 0 to 0; Sundays.- 9 to 1.
POST-OSABTJATE DE3TTAI. COI.I.EOB
San Francisco — 3 Taylor Street.
Oakland — 973 Washington Str««t.
San Joio— 45 East Santa Clara Street.Everything that is new, good and mod
erate priced In trunks, valises, dress suit
cases and traveling 1 sets, now in stock:
•All * Leather • Goods lettered in gold ¦ free
of charge.' Sanborn,VVail & Co., .741 Mar-
; Mrs. 'Annie Tillson, who, a ¦ few weeks
ago, sued ; for a writ - prohibiting the re
hearing by the Board of Education .¦ of
the , charges ' preferred against Mrs. Re
becca'Greenan,, has withdrawn her objec
tions. A dismissal -of * Mrs. Tlllson's suit
was filed yesterday. IKJIUlBBa
Mrs. Tillson Withdraws.
MODESTO, Nov. 6.— Sheriff R. B. * Pur
vis of this city was stricken with paraly
sis atAVellsville, Mo., last night. He. was
visiting at the home of his , sister ~ there.
He has served this county (as Sheriff for
nineteen years , and is known : throughout
the State among criminals ' and criminal
takers. His • condition ' is ¦ critical. ? »; -
Sheriff Purvis Is Seriously" 111.
SANTA, ROSA, Nov. 6.— Charles- Keller
was acquitted ; of ; a charge of grand lar
ceny, last night after the Jury . had been
out eight hours. Keller was charged with
having robbed William Nager of $25 while
both were intoxicated.
Acquitted of a Larceny/ Charge.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 6.— Justice Pritch
ard of the Supreme Court of the District
of Columbia to-day issued four "alias"
bench warrants for. the arrest "of State
Senator George E. Green of New York,
who is under indictment by the Grand
Jury of the District of Columbia for al
leged complicity in the postal frauds. .
State Senator Will Be Arrested.
Trouble Between Milk Dealers.
A. F. Green of the Standard Milk Com
pany, 2719 Folsom street, secured a war
rant from Police Judge Conlan yesterday,
/for the arrest of John Cox. a rival milk
dealer, ' on a.' charge "of receiving stolen
property. Green alleges that Cox bought
a " milk bottle - box and three milk tanks
that were stolen from his company re
cently by, a man named Hennessey.
A ! board of officers, consisting of Colonel
D. P. Heap, Lieutenant Colonel E. H.
Pratt Major R. C. Van Vllet, Major Al
bert Todd and Captain J. T. Nance, has
been ordered to examine a plan for a tar
get range at the Presidio submitted by
Captain C. R. Howland. The Twenty
eighth Infantry will take station at the
Presidio upon. its arrival from the Philip
pines. Company D, Thirteenth Infantry.
Quartered at Angel Island and at the De
pot of Recruit Instruction, and Company
L, Thirteenth Infantry, quartered at Be
nicla Barracks, have effected a trade of
stations with the consent of General Mac-
Arthur. KJgg|SBS£^ft8BBiSI
News in Army Circles,
The force of the explosion was terrific.
Pieces of flying iron were hurled through
the air and blew a great hole in a barn
over a hundred yards away. -
COLUMBUS, Ohio, Nov. 6.— While stu
dents of the Agricultural College at the
Ohio State University were witnessing
the harvesting of a field of corn for en
silage purposes by a machine operated by
an old traction engine to-day the boiler
exploded, killing Engineer Charles Pep
per and Injuring seven persons, one, As
sistant Engineer John Delgarn, fatally.
The injured include President Vernon H.
Davis, who had his hand mangled, and
several students.
Tragic Ending of an Exhibition at
the Ohio State Uni
versity.
ENGINE EXPLODES
WITH FATAL RESULTS
Escapes After Committing Murder.
MODESTO. Nov. 6.— A stabbing affray
between two men near Modesto resulted
in the death of one of them last night.
Julian Vienna, a Mexican, Btabbed
Charles Aldridge. Both were laborers.
Vienna escaped.
Petaluma Loses a Pioneer Resident.
PETALUMA, Nov. 6.— George W. Park,
a pioneer, died here to-day of spinal
meningitis. He was past master of
Petaluma Grar.se. He was a na
tive of Ohio, aged 64 years. He leaves a
wife and large family, and two brothers,
T. T. Park of Petaluma and Collins Park
of San Luis Obispo. The body will be
cremated in San Francisco.
PetTel's Trial Trip Is Satisfactory.
VALLEJO, Nov. 6.— The United States
rteamer Petrel returned from her trial
trip last evening and those who were
aboard her report that everything work
ed with perfect satisfaction. The Petrel
went as far as the "Potato Patch" and
when juct outFide the heads encountered
pome pretty rough weather, causing her
to pitch and toss about considerably, but
all her machinery worked without a
hitch. The results of the trials given
both the Boston and the Petrel speak
highly for the work done at Mare Island
"navy yard.
Malicious Japanese Are Arrested.
SANTA CRUZ, Nov. 6.— Four Japanese
were lodged in jail to-day for malicious
mischief. While their countrymen were
celebrating the Emperor's birthday In
WatEonville and were having field sports
the prisoners destroyed with axes the
fireworks intended for an afternoon dis
play. Much feeling among the Japanese
has been aroused In consequence. After
doing the mischief the accused Japanese
escaped and* were not captured until fo
day.
prominent mountains. The district em
braces parts of Napa, Lake and Sonoma
counties. The main belt lies in the east
ern part, north of the mountain range.
The Clear Lake district Is on the southern
border of Clear Lake. The Sulphur Creek
district is at the headwaters of Sulphur
Creek on the line between Lake and
Colusa counties, east of Clear Lake. The
Knoxvllle district is situated at the June
tion of Lake, Napa ' and- Yolo counties.
It was formerly the scene of much ac
tivity. The most famous quicksilver mine
in the United States 'and the oldest is
the New Almaden. It lies thirteen miles
south from San Jose and covers a ter
ritory of 8580 acres. It has been worked
since 1824; '
There are quicksilver districts In Fresno,
Kings. Monterey. San Benlto, Merced,
Santa Clara, San Luis Obispo, Stanislaus.
El Dorado. Trinity. Contra Costa. Del
Norte. Mariposa," Santa Barbara and
Shasta counties. v -¦] '~_ '-•¦£ .-
In the pamphlet regarding quicksilver
are elaborate illustrations of the metal
lurgy of quicksilver. The quicksilver . de
posits in California are, with a few ex
ceptions, located In the coast ranges of
mountains. ¦ ¦ > U
Stanford Debating Team Is Selected.
¦STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Nov. 6.—
From more than twenty contestants the
following students have been selected to
represent the freshman class of 1907 in
the annual fresh man-sophomore debate,
which will be held in January: C. E.
Cates of Santa Clara. J. M. Close of New
York City, J. E. Stevens of Los Angeles.
J. W. Maloy of San Jose was chosen al
ternate of the team.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 6. — The loose manage
ment of Folsom prison was sarcastically
referred to by Judge Leib of the Superior
Court this morning while sentencing John
Crane for grand larceny. Crane had
asked that he be sent to Folsom prison.
"I shall send no one to Folsom orison,"
said Judge Letb, "until there la a change,
in the management, as I feel that any one
sent there may get away." Crane was
sentenced to two years^imprlsonment at
San Quentln. Crane was arrested a few
days ago for stealing a wheel at Alvlso
from Frank Topham, his employer. The
wheel was sold to a saloon-keeper and
after. Crane had drank up the proceeds
he stole the wheel and sold it to another
saloon-keeper. He pleaded guilty to the
offense and asked that he be sentenced
at once.
Penal Institution, Fearing He
May Get Away.
Refuses to Commit a Felon to That
SUPERIOR JUDGE LOSES
FAITH IN FOLSOM PRISON
Islam Temple of the Mystic Shriners
and a number nf Shriners from across the
bay will leave for San Jose this after
noon to attend a ceremonial session to be
hold in Turn Verein Hall in that city.
The Fifth Infantry band will accompany
the pilgrims. The session will be fol
lowed by a banquet at the Vendome, at
which W- G. Alexander, Colonel Charles
H. Murphy, William H. Jordan, L. A.
Stciger, D. E. McKlnley and Samuel M.
Shortridce will respond to toasts. The
following day the pilgrims will be taken
to Alum Rock and to Mount Hamilton.
Shriners for San Jose.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 6.— The will of Mrs.
Louise S. Knox-Goodrich, the well-known
equal suffragist and pioneer resident of
this city, who died a few days ago. was
filed for probate to-day. An estate of
more than half a million dollars Is left
to her daughter, Mrs. Virjrlnia Knox
Maddox, and her grandson, Knox Mad
dox. Mrs. Virginia Knox Maddox and
Knox Maddox are named as executors.
The bulk of the estate is given to the
daughter, who receives the elegant home
on North First street and property in
various parts of the city, a half interest
in the Knox block, corner of First and
Santa Clara streets, a half Interest in
the K.-G. building on South First street
and a half interest in the Greystone quar
ries near this city. The daughter Is also
piven a big block of stock in the Bank
of San Jose and the Vendome Hotel.
Knox Maddox, the grandson. Is given
stock in the Commercial Bank of this
city and an Interest in a large amount of
property. A sister of the testator, Mrs.
Lucy M. James, is given the use of a
house on South Third street as long as
she wants it.
Will of Mrs. Louise S. Knox-Good
rich Is Filed for Probate
at San Jpse.
LEAVES THE BULK OF. HER
ESTATE TO HER DAUGHTER
In the pilsrimape there will be about
f<:ur hundred members of the order from
San Francisco, OaJtland, Alameda, Sac
ramento. Stockton and other ekies and
t"\vns of the central part of the State.
The-y will arrive here about 4:30 o'clock
on a special train and b* met at the depot
by the San Jose members of the order.
A parade will be had through the prin
cipal streets of the city. Nearly all of
those coming are members of Islam Tem
ple of San Francisco, and they will be
under the direction of Potentate Charles
H. Murphy.
The initiatory ceremonies will bfpin in
Turn Verein Hall at 7:<5. and will be con
ducted under the direction of Potentate
Murphy. At midnight a banquet will be
held at the Vendomc Hotel. An tiaborate
menu has been prepared. Among the
Breakers will be Hon. Duncan McKinlay
< V Santa Rosa, Fred A. Hln<»s. Potentate
Al-Ma.lak:har Tempi* of Ix»s Angeles;
I Inn. Tlrey I>. Ford. S. M. Shortridge:
Louis Steiger, in Chinese songs, and
Major Gtvjrge Fllmer. captain of the
patrol. DAblainp's orchestra will render
music during: the banquet.
Gtorge Bromley of Fan Francisco, aged
Vd, and the oldest Shriner in the State,
Is expected to be present at the festivities.
Sunday will b" spent by the Fhriners In
visiting the principal points of interest
about the city.
SAN JOSE. Nov. 6.— All is in readiness
for the reception of the Mystic Shriners
of the cities and towns of the central
part of California, who are to join in a
pilgrimage to this city to-morrow. For
weeks the local Shriners have teen pre
paring for this Invasion and a royal re
cepttoa and welcome will be tendered the
hosts.
About Four Hundred Members of
Order Are Expected to Make
the Pilgrimage.
GARDEN CITY IS READY
TO WELCOME SHRINERS
The Alder Mining Company ia now con
structing the most extensive mining plant
in Southern Montana, and with all the
new buildings, the piles of loose lumber
and the- dry wood and shavings every
where it is a wonder that the whole plant
was not consumed by the flames.
As soon as the news reached Virginia
City every one hurried to Summit.
County Attorney Duncan and Acting Cor
oner N. D. Johnson started out to hold an
inquest on the body of John Tobin and
remained to perform a like duty over the
bodies of the others. Superintendent Tur
ner had a wife and one child, a boy, who
arc living at the mine.
About 5 o'clock this morning fire was .
discovered issuing from the tunnel-house ,
on tunnel No. 1. At the time the flames !
were discovered the timbers in the tunnel ;
were ablaze. How the fire originated is j
not known, but at the first alarm all the ;
miners, carpenters and laborers, 150 in all,
hastened across the gulch to aid in sub- I
duing the flames. Superintendent Turner, |
whose temporary quarters are high on"the ¦
hill across the right fork of Alder Gulch
and but a short distance from the burn-
Ing tunnel-house, at once went to the
scene and assumed the direction of af
fairs and of giving orders in regard to
the work of extinguishing the flames with
the others. He entered the tunnel
through the fire and smoke to give warn
ing to the entombed miners and to aid in
their escape. Near the mouth of the tun
nel they stumbled over the dead body of
John Tobln, who evidently had made an
effort to escape, but was driven back by
the flames and smoke. They carried the
body to the surface and once more re
entered the workings to rescue their com
rades if possible. According to the story
of a miner named Hurley, he, with Turner
and another man, entered the mine behind
i him by descending through the airshaft.
Hurley was the last of the three to. de
scend. After going some distance through
the airshaft. thick with smoke. Hurley
heard a cry and then thuds, as of bodies
striking timbers, which was followed by a
smothered splash in water.
Hurley tried to go farther down the
shaft, but was compeled to retrace his
steps. Up to a late hour this afternoon
the bodies of Tobin, Powers, Fleming and-
Donnelly were all that had been recov
ered.
Mr. Turner had been connected with
the company for several years as super-
I intendent of the Kendall mine and then
! of the Kearsarge, and' it was due to his
I management that the latter mine has
become one of the best known mines in
I Southern Montana. He was the junior
j member of the firm of Mitchell & Turner
of Butte.
TWO UNKNOWN MEN.
All the dead miners were from Butte
and were single men. The Kearsarge is
one of the principal gold mines of the
State and is considered very valuable. 1 It
is operated by the Alder Mining Com
pany.
BUTTE, Mont.. Nov. 6.— A Virginia City
special to the Miner says a fire In the
Kearsarge mine, six miles from Virginia
City, early this morning killed nine men.
The damage to surface buildings is slight.
Among the dead is Superintendent R. B.
Turner of Butte, one of the best known
mining men in the Northwest- Four
bodies have been recovered up to to-night.
The dead:
R. B. TURNER, superintendent of the
Kearsarge.
GEORGE ALLEN, stationary engineer.
JOHN TOBIN. a miner.
JaMES POWERS, a miner.
EDWARD LAHRDRY. a miner.
WILLIAM FLEMING, a miner.
ROBERT DONNELLY, a miner.
»
Rescuers Are Suffocated While At
tempting to Save Entrapped
Workmen in Fiery
Tunnel.
Superintendent Turner of
Butte One of the
Victims.
Greater credits than usual w!ll be ex
tended thia winter to Klondike miners,
especially laymen, by the Northern Com
mercial and other Yukon trading con
cerns. At least thr^e-quarters of the
winter work will be done by laymen, who
secure better credit because the laborers'
lien against haJf of the output does not
usually apply againpt laymen. The chief
¦winter work will be on, Hunker. Bonan
za. Dominion and Sulphur creeks and Bo
r.ar.za benches. Credit Manager Lindsay
of the Northern Commercial Company
rnploys creek apents who carefully ex
amine the claims before any credit is
given the men working them. Wherever
possible men are required to make half
cash payments.
TACOMA. Wash.. Nov. 6.— Klondike
winter meat prices have been greatly
Towered by the resumption of navigation
on the Tukon last week, which permitted
t!:ree independent meat companies to rush
forward frexn While Horse shipments of
cattle and meats which had beaa caught
there by the unexpected closing of nav
igation. These dealers chartered the in
dependent steamers Casca Light, Tyrell
and Crimmin, to load at White Horse and
pick up scow loads farther down the
river. Their cargoes are now safe at
Pawson, though the Crimmin lost live
stock worth nearly $5000 from two of her
wowi at Hootalinqua. The Pacific Cold
Storage Company of Tacoraa, which near
ly controls the Klondike meat market, is
short its refrigerator steamer Kerr, hav
ing been caught on the sandbar near
Circle from September unt:l late In Oc
tober.
Special Disoatch to The Call.
Walter L. Rees, a., nephew of the Lewis
brothers, testified that he took up a
quarter section of land unsolicited by any
one and that he paid his own traveling
expenses and those of his wife. He went
to Marysville expecting to borrow the
price of the land from Mr. Engle, whom
he expected to find at that place. He
had, however, sufficient money on deposit
with the Loyalton Lumber Company, due
him as wages, to pay for the land. His
wife borrowed from Engle $460. On ; the
suggestion of Engle the witness deeded
his land to Captain Roberts a month later.
Engle gave the witness $100 over and
above the note and mortgage on the land.'
On cross-examination by Mr. Schlesing
er ' the * witness stated / that on making
final proof before the land register . he
had truthfully sworn that he had- bor
rowed the purchase money from ; Mr.
Engle. The defendants had not requested
him to make the -application or to swear
to anything in it. .The witness added that
all the statements, sworn to, by him in
his \ application for the - land were true.
An adjournment j>f the court was then
taken until Monday morning at. 11 o'clock;
ENGLE LOANS MONEY.
James W. Larison testified that Arthur
TV. Keddie asked him one day whether he
would not like to locate 160 acre3 of tim
ber land. He told the witness that he
would furnish the money to Day for the
land, would find a purchaser and that
"there would be $100 in it" fcr the \vitne3s.
Mr. Keddie furnished him the money for
his traveling expenses. The witness' de
clined to make final proof and when at
the Russ House in this city In December,
1901, Keddie approached him and said:
"Hello, Jim: I understand that you and
Special Agent Cullom are putting up a
job to get me behind the bars."
"Did you receive any money from Mr.
Cullom?" asked Mr. Banning.
The objection to this question was sus
tained. On cross-examination by Mr.
Schlesinger the witness admitted that he
had not examined the land for which he
had applied, although in his. affidavit In
the land office he had sworn that he had
done so. But he had been over the land
very often before that and was familiar
with it. All the facts that he had sworn
to in the affidavit were true, he said.
MATTER OF SPECULATION.
Hiram Reed was the first witness. He
testified that on May 1, 1901, he went to
the house of R. H. Lewis In Loyalton on
Invitation of W. O. Peck. R. If. Lewis
W. S. Lewis, Bert Parker and W. O.
Peck were present and it was suggested
to him that he could take up a certain
section of timber land. Nothing was said
to him as to defraying: his expenses or
as to Belline It ,to others. The witness
examined the land and went to Sacra
mento on May G and made application at
the office of the United States Land Reg
ister at Sacramento for the land. At
Boca Creed T. Hill, foreman of the Loyal
ton Lumber Company, gave him $15 for
his expenses. The Intention ot the wit
ness was to sell the land afterward on
speculation. In order to pay for the land
he borrowed $475 from Mr. Enjfle on the
same day on which he made his final
proof, and a few hours after he had paid
for the land he sold it to Engle for $575.
The witness said that all the facts sworn
to In his application were true and that
he had made no contract or agreement
whatever with any persons for the trans
fer of the land.
Mr. Banning in his opening statement
to the jury said that he would prove that
a contract or agreement had been made
between the defendants and certain resi
dents of Loyaltort. whereby the latter re
ceived $400 each to buy a quarter section
of .timber land, $60 for expenses and $100
for profit on deeding the land to the de
fendants, and that Engle, as a real estate
agent, was to receive a commission of 50
cents for each acre turned over to the
defendants.
WITNESSES IN HIDING.
Judge de Haven remarked that motions
of that kind were never considered unless
made in the form of an affidavit, and the
trial went on.
The Indictment charges that in May and
June, 1901, the defendants procured Hi
ram Reed, Stephen L. Whlttelsey, George
R. Stimers, Creed T. Hill, James W. Lar
ison, Mrs. Corolynne E. Battelle, Walter
L. Rees and Helen Keddie to appear be
fore the registers of the United States
land offices of Plumas and Sierra coun
ties and swear that they were not apply
ing for the timber land for the use or
benefit of any person other than them
selves and that they were not buying It
for 4he purposes of speculation. It was
alleged that the defendants advanced to
each of the nine persons named $400 to
pay for the land, $60 expenses and $100 as
their commission. - '.-
When Bert Schleslnger announced that
the defendants were ready for trial Mr.
Banning asked for a continuance on the
ground that the United States Marshal
had been unable to serve subpenas upon
George Stimers, Mrs. Corolynne E. Bat
telle. Creed T. Hill, Steve Whittlesey,
William S. Mead and Mrs. Jennie Ens
coe. He added that these witnesses were
in hiding because the husbands of Mrs.
Battelle and Mrs. Enscoe had informed
the Marshal that they did not know
where their wives were or what they
were doing. The family of William 8.
Mead had professed also not to know
where he could be found.
Whether the United States Government
intended that the timber lands open for
sale should be acquired only by agricul
turists owning adjacent" ground . and \ for
their own exclusive use only, or whether
It was intended that the timber resources
of the country were to be developed ir
respective of the personality or numbers
of the developers. Is the issue now on
trial. In the United States District Court.
The case is that-of. the United States
against James H. Engle, William S.
Lewis, Richard. H. Lewis and Arthur W.
Keddie, the wealthy owners of the Boca
and Loyalton Railway Company and of
the Loyalton Lumber Company in Sierra
County. The Federal Grand Jury had
found four Indictments against the de
fendants charging subornation of perjury
and conspiracy to violate an act of Con
gress by acquiring timber lands through
their agents.
Two of the indictments were quashed
several months ago and | the defendants
were discharged. The trial began yes
terday upon one . indictment charging
subornation of perjury.
First Assistant United States Attorney
Edward J. Banning appeared for the pros
ecution and Denson & Schlealnger and
Wehe for the defense.
CHARGES OF STTBORNATION.
Thereare several districts north of San
Francisco -where - quicksilver. ; is ; '« found;
The i Mayacmas > district lies on both ; sides
of the: Mayacmas range.f of which Mount
St. Helena and ¦ Mount Cobb axe the': most
Of almost equal interest to this definite
announcement of managerial aims and
some general allusion to the classifications
of minerals to be exhibited at St. Louis
is a* publication that yesterday was sent
out : by State Mineralogist Aubury in
which . quicksilver in' .California is re
viewed. So ambitious an attempt to cover
the facts relative to this mineral In Cali
fornia has never been made before. More
than 250 pages of print and many Illus
trations are required to tell 'the story of
California quicksilver. The various quick
silver districts of ..the State are mapped
and the maps show alike the geology of
the sections where quicksilver Is ? found
and also the location of • each and* every
deposit. There is. In the ' publication a
large amount;, of In formation of a" tech
nical sort.: Thirty-three photographs are
needed' to show how different quicksilver
plants ; look with the Immediate adjacent
country.:--*':- -'.'- \ -- " ¦ : .' -. ¦' -
QTTICKSILVEB RESOURCES.
'At former expositions the exhibits of minerals
and ores made by State commissions have not
been as comprehensive or as representative as
they f-hould have been. Neither the mining; en
gineer of to-day nor the 'general public ia im
pressed with seeing: large specimens of ores es
pecially delected for exhibit What the engi
neer desires to see — and It Is on his informa
tion that capitalists make Investments — is an
exhibit which will illustrate not only, the aver
age richness of the deposit, but which will
show the country rock contiguous to such de
posits. - The country rock is the basis upon
which the mining engineer makes his Investiga
tions, and If the above plan Is carried out by
the various State commissions he will have an
opportunity Of examining the country rock of
the famous Tnines of one State and of compar
ing and contrasting them with the country rock
of mines in other States. We are endeavoring to
have this Idea carried out in its fullest detail,
and ¦ ask the co-operation of the commissions
from the various mining States with this end In
view and we trust that you will aid us as far as
may be possible.
Relief topographical/ models of States
and countries will be used to show the
difficulties of mining in any particular
section and all . problems .connected with
the . mineral and ore deposits and their
development. The entire subject of min
ing, to condense the review, will be con
sidered from all points. California will
contribute some of the most interesting
features to be found In the mines build
ing, an estimate of which must be re
served until State Mineralogist Aubury
has completed the work of making the
California collection for display.
A letter has been received from Joseph
A. Holmes, chief of the Department of
Mines and . Metallurgy at St. Louis, In
which are contained several hints that
may prove valuable to the miners In con
tributing their ores and mineral sub
stances. This, in part, is as follows:
The literature and scenic aspect of min
ing will be Illustrated. Each State or
country is supposed to furnish at least
one map showing the age and extent of
the geological formations of the State or
country. Each will also provide a large
map upon which can be shown by sym-
bols or colors the distribution of all the
valuable mineral or ore deposits. Smaller
sized maps are to show the distribution
in any State or country of one important
mineral. One such map will show the
distribution of the gold deposits, another
the iron or coal or copper; others "will In
dicate the distribution of surface or ar
tesian waters, water powers, irrigation
reservoir sites and the like.
This group will show the equipment and
processes for the handling and prepara
tion of 'ores, hand sorting, storing,
sampling, "crushing ana pulverizing,
screens and screening, concentrating, ele
vating, conveying, dryings etc., amalga
mation, cyaniding, smelting of ores, the
treatment of iron ores and the manufac
ture of iron and steel In ingots and in
commercial form, the processes used In
the metallurgy of copper, of gold and sil
ver, of tin, zinc, nickel and cobalt, alumi
num, etc.
THE SCIENTIFIC VIEW.
The exhibits, so the mining public is in
formed, will be classified under fifteen
separate departments, each of which has
in rutnbeen subdivided into groups and
classes. In the mines and metallurgy de
partment, there will be five groups and
fifty-three classes. In one group will be
shown the ¦¦ equipments and methods for
geological . surveys, prospecting for min
eral veins and deposits, assaying, analyz
ing and testing ores; drilling, cutting or
otherwise breaking down rock or other
mineral in • open quarries, open cuts or
mines; sinking shafts, opening galleries,
drifts or tunnels and timbering; electric,
compressed air or other motors for use in
opening and operating mines and quar
ries and for operating equipment for
handling ores or other minerals; explo
sives and methods of placing and firing
the same; equipment for the underground
handling and transportation of ore, etc.;
machinery and appliances for draining
mines and quarries; pumps for oil wells:
equipment for and method of ventilating
mines; the methods and equipments for
lighting mines; safety cages, signals and
other appliances for safety; methods and
equipment for handling mining products
and for their above-surface transporta
tion; the machinery and appliances for
the working of salt mines, petroleum
wells, metalliferous sands, gravels, etc.,
and the methods and equipments for quar
rying stone.
This group has possibly the most at
tractive features for the spectators from
all parts of the world, who will take a
sort of hasty and primary educational
view of the mines and minerals and the
great variety of means that have been
devised to make up modern mining
processes. There is, however, a group of
even greater interest to persons conver
sant with mining in its economical as
pect.
Bordering the great mines building
along the southwest side a space 200 feet
wide by 750 long has been set aside . for
working exhibits in mining, metallurgy
and electro-chemistry. Tunnels for under
ground I mining will penetrate the hill that
faces the building on the southwest side.
On an extension of this out-of-door area,
lying to" the south and southwest of the
building, will be located the ore and quar
ry yards, the derricks for deep drilling
outfits, equipment for placer mining and
kindred exhibits In operation. The area
of .this adjacent ground for working ex
hibits is from ten to twelve acres, making
the total area provided for mining quar
rying and metallurgical exhibits about
twenty acres in total.
SOME CLASSIFICATIONS.
The general scope of the mines and min
erals exhibition to be made at St. Louis
is defined by a publication Just out which
Is of more than ordinary interest to the
miners of California who are now provid
ing samples of the ores of this State to
be taken to the great world's show to be
compared with what other States and
countries can display. The mines building
covers an area of nine acres, being larger
than any structure provided for a like
purpose in the history of world's fairs.
It is divided into eight nearly equal oblong
parts, 'over each of which is a glass cover
and ventilated arcade thirty to fifty feet
wide, which will furnish abundant light
for the exhibits below.
General Greely recommends the pur
chase of Eurplus submarine cable among
the other war materials. Adherence to
the International Telegraph Union Is
urged. It !s said to be a matter of the
utmost importance that signaling ap
paratus be Installed, so as to permit of
inter-communleatlon between the army
and navy on the Atlantic and Pacific
coasts.
The value of the telegraph and tele
phone business transacted by the corps
in the Philippines is estimated at $1.5W.w
friO, and it ?a al*o stated: "The entire cost
of the Signal Corps, including pay, cloth
ing, rations, transportation, cable ship ex
penses, etc., are believed to be well within
$400,000. so that the SJgnal Corps of the
army has rendered sut vices in the Philip
pines whose value exceeds by more than
$1,000,000 the entire expenses connected
with the corps.
"This has simply been done by over
working the men of the Signal Corps anu
by their underpayment, as elsewhere
stated."
WASHINGTON. Nov. 6. - General
Greely, chief of the signal office of the
United States army, in his annual report
to the Secretary of War, shows that dur
ing the year the system of military tele
graph lines and cables in Alaska author
ized byy Congress has been completed and
c-onsirt of 1740 miles. General Greely
commends very highly Captain Burnett,
who was in charge of the telegraph con
struction work in Alaska, and his assist
ants. Captains Mitchell and Ginners. Ho
speaks of the extreme difficulties encoun
tered in running telegraph lines in the
far north. Of the enlisted men of the
Signal Corps, who made up the construc
tion parties. General Greely says:
"It is doubted whether in the peaceful
annals of the army there have been met
with -nobler fortitude by the enlisted men
under equal conditions such hardships
and privations."
Tribute also is paid to the line of the
army for its service in connection with
the telegraph construction in Alaska.
General Greely says efforts are being
made, with prospects of success in 1904, to
estabJish communication by wireless teleg
raphy between St. Michael and Nome,
across Norton Sound, a distance of 108
miles. The general says the main Alaska
telegraph lines entail a heavy burden on
the Signal Corps and on the garrisons in
Alaska and recomemnds that the four
companies stationed at Fort List-urn, Gib
bon and St. Michael be increased to 100
men at the earliest practicable date.
The connection by submarine cable of
the detached system in Southeastern
Alaska with that of the Yukon district is
recommended; also an increase In the en
listed strength of the corps in order that
unduly prolonged service on foreign sta
tions may not be necessary as now, and
further that an additional colonel be au
thorized for the corps.
Signal Service Men Are
Fraised fcr Their Work
in the North.
Yukon Trading Concerns Will
Extend Greater Credit
to Miners.
State Issues Publication
About Quicksilver
Dsposits.
Witnesses Swear That They
Bought the Tracts on
Speculation.
Fire Causes Great Dam
age in the feich
Kearsarge.
Independent Companies
Rush Shipments Prom
White Horse.
Wealthy Men on Trial
for Subornation of
Perjury.
Information of Value
Is Received Prom
St. Louis.
General Greely Presents
Report to the War
Department.
NINE PERISH
IN BURNING
MINE SHAFT
MILES OF WIRE
NOW IN ALASKA
KLONDIKE MEAT
PRICES GO DOWN
FURNISH MINERS
NEEDED FACTS
TIMBER FRAUDS
CASES IN COURT
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL; SATUKDAY. NOVEMBER '7, 1903.
5
ADVERTISEMENTS.
4 Physicians Recognize
the remarkable tonic and construct-
ive qualities of
It is endorsed and prescribed by the
best doctors. The ideal food-4rink,
invigorating, sustaining, NOT in-
toxicating. It contains 14.60$ genuine
t^3*SSB w Jf I nutritive extract and less than 1% of
K^^^^p Anheuser-Busch Brewing Ass'n
Next Sunday Gall's Art Supplement
f November 8th
CARL MUCKE'S FAMOUS PICTURE, "THE BETROTHAL."
THE BETROTHAL.
Sunday Call Art Supplement
A great artist once said that the most successful
genre pictures have always for their subjects some-
thing relating'to love or war. It is only natural that
love, which every living being is destined to experience,
should . furnish subjects which attract, and the only as-
pect of the contrasting emotion of hate which is not
despicable is war, and even that is ennobled only by a
love of country or a love of right.
Carl Mucke's picture, "The Betrothal," depicts the
" action which is a formal acknowledgment of the exist-
ence of love, but at the same .time the attitude of the
figures of the young nan and woman, their expression %
and their regard tell more than actions of srivine and
accepting the betrothal ring, which is but a symbol.
The fact that the principal roles in the scene are
• played by a humble Dutch fisherman and his dulcinea
' only serves to strength the sentiment of the picture be-
cause the sentiment -of love is generally conceded 'to
have a stronger hold on the simple minds of the lowly
"than upon' minds" distracted "by" multiplicity of consid-
- '•-¦ eratibns which beset people in- higher' walks, of life.
Subscribe for THE CALL
San Francisco's Greatest Paper
And Avail Yourself of the Opportunity Presented
to You of Securing a Collection of Beau-
tiful Art Pictures Free of All Charge.
All News Dealers Sell The Call
[> ADVEBTISEMEIITS.
A Mark of Good
Breeding
Is to be perfectly at .ease .-in evening
dress— Impossible if. one's shirt bosom Is
wrinkled, collar crumpled, cuffs frayed.
Avoid all such calamities by having us
"do up" your linen. "We will . undertake
the contract of putting you at ease so
far as your linen is concerned If you will
favor us with' your orders.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
orncz 1004 mab'xist stbpet.
¦ - Near Pow«Il. ,
2 visit DR. JORDAN'S great i
JHUSEUH OF ,AHT0IY'#
\ tJj "The Larrnt Anatomical Museum ia th« \
a — (jJtei— World. Wealmcnei or - any contracted g
7 fiSTeS* disease mv«»lU»fly «•¦»•«?* hy tte oldtit T
Q fSSjBal SpeeutiM on lie Coiit. E»t_ 36 f-«rt. Q
& fifS?! DR ' JWSDAN-OISEASES OF MEM i
\ I$JIt&Q Coixultiaon free »nd strictly prirate. \
g I if/ir n Treatment personally flr br letter. A B
AfS II fit Wm«forIloolt.r»llL«<OPBT.jA
V I jf II 1 * ailUIACt. MAILED FR33. t AT
\ £ (J^ TaluaW* book far mrn) ¦ \
¥ DC joCDl.il 4k t:o.. 10S1 Market St. S. F. 7
J|p»l Those suffering from weafc
W& nesses which sap the pleasures
¦ ¦ ¦ of life should take Jtiven Pills.
i3i One bottle, will tell » story of
marvelous results. This medicine has more
rejuvenatln?. vitalizing force than has ever
been offered. Sent bv mail in plain p*ek»go
only on receipt of this adv. ana II..-
Made byits originators C. L Hood COy wo»
prietors Hood'a Soxsaparilla. " Lowell. Jfu*AS the day for the annual football contest between Stan
ford University and the University of California elevens
draws near the prospects that the opposing teams will be
evenly matched grows correspondingly brighter. Early in the
season it seemed the gridiron experts from the State Univer
sity would have matters all their own way when it should
come to the big game, but the supporters of the Cardinal have
become amazingly strong meanwhile. Unless there should be
some wholly unexpected developments within the next week
California will go into the game with the stronger line, while
Stanford will have an advantage in the backfield. From present
indications it would appear that the Cardinal should make most
of her gains around the end and the Berkeley boys should ad
vance the ball more advantageously through the right of their
opponents' line. On exchanges of punts Overall, for the Blue
.and Gold, will gain many yards. Through the prowess of this
same redoubtable kicker California will have a better chance
for field goals. Clark, Smith and Stevenson, of Stanford, are
in every respect the equals of California's ends. The quarter
hacks are evenly matched. Dole or Tarpey, Chalmers and
Weller are probably superior to the Blue and Gold backs, al
though Mini i§ playing a brilliant game. A rainy day and a
sodden field will bring both teams down to a dead level with
every chance for either eleven to win.
Stanford Adherents Are Pleased. With the Im
provement of Their Men in the Last Week.
ELEVENS SEEM WELL MATCHED
AT THIS STAGE OF TRAINING
RIVAL FOOTBALL TEAMS NEARING FINAL SELECTION
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 1903.
Clemence Lestelle, who was married to
Jean Lestelle at Alameda in April of last
year.^filed a suit for maintenance against
him yesterday. She says that in the
month following, their marriage he I de
serted her and that she has since had to
depend . upon her- own: exertions for her
support. She says he can afford to pay
bar S40a. month.- '
Sues Her Husband for Support.
John Smith was convicted by Police
Judge Conlan yesterday on a charge of
petty larceny for stealing a bronze clock
from 17 Belden place on November 1 and
was sentenced to serve six months in the
County Jail. The case of . Conrad Keith,
the wealthy street sweeper, who was ar
rested while trying to sell the clock, was
continued till Tuesday to give Detectives
Ryan and Taylor time to look Into Keith's
record as a "fen «t
Steals a Bronze' Clock.
Dennis Haberlin, a laborer, and three
companions went, into Henry Hintman's
saloon at Clipper and Church streets early
yesterday morning and Hintman alleges
that Haberlin tried to steal a bottle of
beer. Hintman grabbed him and Haber-
Mn struck Hintman on the head with the
bottle. The bottle was broken and dur
ing the excltempnt the glass In the front
door wan also broken and Hintman's
Kcalp was cut. I,atcr Haberlin was ar
rested by Policeman Strei on a charge of
assault with a deadly weapon. He ap
peared before Police Judge ' Mogan yes
terday and after being instructed and ar
raigned the case was continued till No
vember io. ttBBBSBSBBtf
Tries to Steal Bottle of Beer.
The Scottish bowling tournament, which
has been In progress at the.Golden Gate
Park rinks for some months, will be com
pleted next Saturday. There are but two
matches left to be played. The semi-final
match, between James Gray and J. Mc-
Lachlan, will be played this afternoon.
The winner will meet J. C. MofT.it in tho
final next Saturday afternoon. The three
remaining players are evenly matched and
the two matches will surely be close and
exciting. The defeat of Joseph Gray at
the hands of McLachlan on last Saturday
was a surprise; in fact, there have been
numerous surprises all through the event.
THREE BOTKTLERS REMAIN,
IN SCOTTISH TOURNAMENT
Yesterday in Judge Conlan's court Allan
Dale, alias Frank Ballard, was held to
answer before the Superior Court , His
bonds were fixed at $4000. On the morn
ing of October 19 he was arrested on a
charge of holding up and robbing Thomas
Cronan, an old man, at Kearny and Com
mercial streets. .
James Daley, an ex-convict,' was held by
Judge Fritz on a charge of burglary In
J2000 bonds. Daley entered the residence
of Mrs. Virginia Ford, 161 . Hawthorne
street, last Tuesday and gave himself up
to the police in Oakland that night, con
fessing his guilt.
Defendants Held to Answer.
To-morrow's same is the first league
match of the season for the Pickwick
team, which drew the bye last Sunday.
The eleven will be chosen from C. W.
Betta, John Rushton, William Robertson,
M. Luby, Joseph M.^Brokenshlre, Wil
liam Watters, Hugh Williamson, Leonard
V. Walker, William Kent, - Thomas R.
Furber, W. F. Oakes, William T. Bow
cook, M. T. Douglas and D. Brokenshlre.
Tho Thistle Club's representatives will
be Lowe, goalkeeper; Tierney and For
rest, backs; Taylor, Duncan and Mc-
Gregor, halfbacks; R. A. Dlsher and
Smith.' right forwards; Lydon, center for
ward; T. Disher and A. Disher, left for
wards. The Albion Rovers* eleven will be
Moran, goalkeeper; Lancaster and Johns,
backs; Smith, Robertson and Bayne, half
backs; Bradley and Glllchrist, right wing;
E. Orton, center forward; A. Orton and
Churchill, left wing.
The Vampire team has no match to
day, having drawn the bye.
The Pacific Association of the Amateur
Athletic Union has taken association foot
ball under its control and no player Is
permitted to represent a club in a league
match unless he is duly registered as an
amateur athlete. Players must produce
their registration cards when requested
to do so by the referee.
The Hornets of Oakland have asked the
athletic managers of the University of.
California to arrange a match of associa
tion football on the campus for New
Year's day. Up to the end of last month
the Berkeley students had taken no steps
toward establishing the game at the uni
versity, though President > Wheeler and
several members of the faculty are said
to favor 'the game strongly. It affords
an opportunity for healthful exercise , to
many undergraduates who, are. not heavy
enough | to j have -any chance -of represent
ing; th© university . in the intercollegiate
game. Neither, game need interfere with
the other,', as men of (different physiques
would play ;the two games.': .- At the : Eng
lish,', universities -of ; Oxford and £ajn
Next year the fans will no doubt wit
ness the coming out of many fast lads
from the amateur ranks. It has been
shown this year that we have better ball
players among the sandlot fraternity,
than can j be secured from the East at
fancy prices. All the youngsters require
Is a chance to make good and this has
been denied them in many instances.
McKay and Raymond have shown the
magnates and the fans that they are
the equal of any performers In the league
to-day considering the experience they
have had. Though little more than ah
amateur McKay possesses that polish and
coolness that are generally the redeeming
features of a big leaguer, and if he had
any kind of a team behind him he might
have a chance to show his true worth.
bridge there are Rugby union and asso
ciation football teams, representing In
dividual colleges and the whole univer
sity. . Rugby union is colloquially known
as "Rugger" and association football as
"socker." * " ; A man • may win his "blue"
for - representing his • university ; In either
game, "
The Occidental eleven will consist of
Smith, goalkeeper; McCarthy and Chiev
ers, backs; Bowden, Lloyd and Dixon,
halfbacks; F. Holland, Condon, V. Hol
land (captain), Hayes and . Shaughnessy,
forwards.
morrow. At Idora Park, Oakland,
at 2:30 p. m., the Hornets of Oakland
will meet the Independent eleven of San
Francisco. On the cricket ground at
Webster street, Alameda, the Occidental
team will play the Pickwick eleven. This
game will also begin at 2:30 p. m. The
Albion Rovers of Oakland will try con
clusions against the Thistles on the Pre
sidio athletic ground, San Francisco.
This match will begin at w a. m.
The Hornet Association Football Club
will have a considerably weaker team in
the field to-morrow than It had last Sun
day, as A. Hunter, Douglas Ersklne and
G. S. Lackle will be absent. Their ab
sence will necessitate a rearrangement of
the team in the field. It will line up: C.
C. Y. Williamson, goalkeeper; Shand,
right back; W. Pomroy, left back; Bird,
right halfback; Chambers, center half
back; McKay, left halfback; Hindshaw,
outside right forward; Felton Taylor, in
side right forward; Co well, center for
ward; E. Pomeroy. inside left forward;
Mildred, outside left forward.
The Independent eleven will be Cook,
goalkeeper; Lynch and Michels, backs;
Al Smith, J. McGraw and R. Russell,
halfbacks; W. Arter and E. Fay, left
forwards; P. Fay, center forward; T.
Fay and T. Nolan, right forwards.
THREE matches for the champion
chip of the California Association
Football League will be played to-
POINTERS.
W. B. Coutt's black and white dog Qlen
Rose (Qlendale-Glenwood Rose). •
J. W. Flynn'a liver and white bitch Whteper
D (Kenwood Dan-Whisper). , .
John Schumacher's liver and white dog
Frank W (Don Graphlo ).
Clinton E. Worden's liver and white dog
Sandlewood (Cuba of Kenwood-Pctronella).
Dr. A. T. Leonard's liver and white dog
Wallace Bruce (Kenwood Dan- Whisper).
William Dormer's liver and white bitch Llze
(Ashbury-Vio's Queen).
W. XV. Van Arsdale's white and liver bitch
Senorita (Dr. Daniels-Nancy Jingo).
Same owner's white and lemon dog Marl
posa (same breeding).
Stockdalo Kennels' liver and white dot-
Cuba's Cottonwood (Ch. Cuba of Kenwood-
Petronella).
Same owner 1 ¦ white and liver dog Cuba's
Glenwood (same breeding).
Same owner's liver and white Cuba's Ivy
wood (same breeding).
Same owner's liver and white dog Cuba's
General Jo Wheeler (Ca. Cuba Of Kenwood-
Florida). -
Same owner's liver and white dog Cuba's
Sinew (earns breeding).
game owner's black and white bitch Fly's
Pearl (Cuba Jr.-Winnepeg Fly).
Same owner's white and black bitch Dodge's
Stella II (same breeding).
Clinton K. Worden's black, white and tan
hitch Count's Cash (Count Whitestone-Bporfs
Charles W. Cogxln's white, black and tan
bitch Miss Nelson (Tony Boy-Sport'e Destiny).
Same owner's black, white and tan dog
Sharon Boy (same breeding;).
John W. Consldine's -white, black and tan
bitch Sporting Duchesn (Tony Boy-Sport's Des
tiny). Originally entered by Mrs. A. H. Nel
son of Tacoma. _
Fame owner's white and lemon doe Tony's
Tony (Tony Boy-Belton Girl).
Same owner's black and tan dog Hick i> Lad
(Doc. Hick-Woodcraft).
Same owner's black and tan bitch Hick's
Bab (same breeding).
John Schumacher's white, black and tan
bitch Valita (California Bell Boy-Rod's Lark).
T. J. Wattson's orange and white dog Star's
Rod (Starlight W-Rod's Sylvia).
B. J. Baum's black, white and tan dog
Starlight Jr. (same breeding). t
W. W. Van Arsdale'a white and tan dog
Klamath (California Bell Boy-Rod's Lark).
Bame -owner's white, black and tan bitch
Keepsake (California Bell Boy-Peach Blos-
Bom).
Same owner's white and orange bitch Count's
Gift (Count's Mark-Verona Schoolgirl).
J. E. Terry's black, white and tan bitch
Countess Lou (Count's Mark-Mary Lou).
II. W. Keller's orange and white bitch Bom
bra (Llewellyn Drake-Shadow).
Alexander Hamilton's black and white dog
Lady's Lad (Clipper W-Lady).
S. Chrlstensen's black, white and tan dog
Count Jo (Count's Mark-Mary Lou).
SETTERS.
AN entry of thirty-two high class
sporting dogs has been received by
Secretary Albert Betz for the twen
ty-first renewal of the Pacific Coast
Field Trials Club's Derby. Of the high
class dogs entered seventeen are setters
and fifteen are pointers.
Ten sections of land on the Haggin and
Tevis property, near Bakersfield, j have
been set aside for the trials. They are
being carefully patrolled, and the keeper
reports fully three times as many birds
as last year. The cover Is excellent.
R. M. Dodge is working a string of
twenty dogs at Lakeside. Coutts and
Lucas are also on the ground with a
number of dogs. William Dormer will be
on hand this year. He has his string at
Monterey at present. The trials will be
gin on January 11, 19(M. The entries fol
low:
Raymond is a born ball player, yet no
one ever heard of him till he was given
a chance by Harris. Morley considers the
youngster the best pickup of the sea
son. Next year he will in all probability
be the steady second baseman of the
southern aggregation.
It seems the Portlanders will be well
entrenched in fourth place by the end of
the week. If they once land there they
are sure to stay and then Mike Fjsher
may be compelled to do some hot footing
In order to uphold the dignity of the third
place position, for the Brownies are good
ball players, especially if they strike a
winning gait.
The San Francisco ball team has been
without doubt the greatest disappoint
ment of the year. When the season start
ed Uncle Hank really believed he. had
corraled the fastest minor league ball
nine in America. Some of the fans may
have been possessed of the same notion
then, but 90 per cent of them will now
affirm that Uncle's aggregation would not
do for the Oregon bush league.
It is to be hoped we will have a ball
team next year that will be a credit to
the city. San Francisco Is the greatest
ball town in all America, taking every
thing into consideration, and it is a shame
the baseball public cannot have the pleas
ure of pointing with pride to a collection
of stars that would uphold -the dignity of
the city. Instead of a forlorn bunch which
keeps sliding down the toboggan as the
season advances.
each other as to whether San
Francisco or Oakland will run last It
is a good even money bet, as both the
Natives and the Cripples are pretty flun
ky ball teams and either one of them has
a license to be the tail ender.
NOW that the baseball season is
fast coming to a peaceful close the
fans are busy making bets with
The handicap singles tournament, which
was finished on the park courts Sunday,
was the largest ever held In the city. It
was easily the most successful event held
by the Golden Gate Club. Clarence Grif
fin, the young player who so cleverly won
the event, displayed wonderful cleverness
for so young a boy. He has made rapid
progress since he took up the game two
or three years ago, and among the youns
er players is easily the most promising on
the coast. Will Allen Is another man who
distinguished himself in thla event. He
was Griffin's opponent in the finals and
made an excellent showing.
The Golden Gate Club will hold a mixed
doubles tournament at the park o»
Thanksgiving day. On the Sunday follow
ing there" will be a class singles event.
Many teams are expected to enter to
morrow mornins. The handicapping will
be done by the tournament committee,
which Is composed of Frank Strlngham,
Will Allen and Chester Smith. The handi
capping will be carefully done, with the
Idea of giving the poorer players a better
chance than usual. The cups are to be
won three times, not necessarily in suc
cession. All matches but the finals •will
be two sets out of three, finals three out
of five. Play will be called at 10 a. m.
Entries will close at 9:30. Those not on
hand when play is called will be de
faulted.
The following teams have already en
tered: Frank Mitchell and J. D. Mao-
Gavin, Will Allen and I>r. Hill. , Herbert
Schmidt and Harry Rolfe. George Muel
ler and Spencer Grant, Grant Smith and
Chester Smith, Sidney Salisbury and
Frank Strlngham, A. W. Woxthinyton
and W. F. Bull, Dr. Noble and O. W.
Burnett. Daniel "Volkmann and Bradley
Wallace and Dr. Lovegrove and W. 3.
Dole.
There will be a handicap doubles tennis
tournament on the California Club courts
to-morrow. It Is the second of a series, of
handicap event9 for the new Directors'
cup. The first tourney brought out a fair
sized entry list, but the one to-morrow
will have many more teams. All of the
best players will compete, as will the
poorer players. The holders of the cups
are Will Allen and Dr. H. P. HilL
The two scratch teams that figured in
the first tournament have split up. In fu
ture Frank Mitchell and Drummond Mac-
Gavin will play together in the cup
events. Grant Smith will Join forces with
his brother Chester. They made a strong
combination in the last series for the
Davis cups, which they won handily. They
will probably be more heavily handi
capped in future. Sidney Salisbury and
Frank Stringham will bo one of the new
teams that will be hard to beat. Both
men play good doubles — in fact, much bet
ter than singles. They will be on tho
mark with Hill and Allen and tho Smith
brothers.
Second of the Series for the California
Club Directors* Cup Will B«
Held To-Morro-w.
The Stanford team, with the possible
exception of two or thr* e positions, can be
named at the present time. At the ends
of the line Veteran Left End George
Clark '04 and Smith '06. a new man. will
be in the initial line-up, barring accidents.
Sprstt '("6 will hold down his old position
at left tacklp and will probably do the
kicking for the eleven. Right tackle is
one oT the positions etill open. The place
lies between Shields '04 and Stillman '05,
with chances slightly In favor of the
former because of his greater weight.
Big Thompson, who played guard on the
•ni varsity, will line up at left guard
against California on the 14th. He is the
heaviest man In the line and can be
counted on to give Captain Overall,
whom he will oppose, a good, hard tussle
during the entire game. The position of
right guard, like that of right tackle, is
not settled. Jacobs '04 and C. E. Hyde
•(•4 are the leading candidates for tho
place, with the chances at present slightly
in favor of the former. Hauverman, the
veteran center, has his position cinched
and can be depended upon to play a con
sistent game.
Behind the line three positions can be
considered fairly well settled. Captain
Bansbark at quarter, "Savage" Dole at
left naif and "Jim" Weller at full. There
are at least three other men trying for
these positions who are almost as good
an the three named, but the Initial line
up will probably be as stated. Freshman
Stott 1* considered the equal of Captain
Bansbach, although he has not. of course,
had the varsity experience. Dave Tarpey
has been playing a emavhing game at left
half and if Dole has, for any reason, to
be taken from the game, the loss by sub
stitution nil I not be noticed materially.
Both Scholflcld '06 and Shine '06 have been
playing fullback in good form. At right
half Chalmers, a freshman, is the leading
candidate, although Brennan '07 and
Chancier '04 are pressing him hard for the
position.
Secret practice is the order on the grid
iron now and the results of the next few
days' work will be anxiously awaited by
the rooters. A great many rough edges
have to be worn off the team work, the
signals have to be learned much better
and fumbling must be eliminated during
the next four practices if Coach Lana
san's team If to prove a victor.
To-morrow's came with the Multnomah
Chit* cloven should prove "a fair criterion
from which to Judge of the comparative
of the rival vareity elevens. The
\\>bfnoters have not been able to get
»J;eir full teem together for more tlian
oi;f practice since the game with Califor
i.i.-i. ».o that the northern team should put
::j) fast abotit ruca a game as It played
;. gainst Berkeley. Of course. Stanford
will havf had the advantage of an extra
week of practice and therefore compara
tively should put up a little better game
than California did laet Saturday. _^
If Captain Overall had played his four
years and left Berkeley the Stanford
rooters would be willing to wager their
next semester's college credit that Cali
fornia could not beat Stanford by a larger
score than 6 to 0, if they were able to
score at all on the new cardinal aggrega
tion. But with "Ovie" in the game, be it
football or baseball, it is an uncertain
proposition as to what the score may be;
wondering what chances for vic
tory the Stanford team has and whether
history will repeat itself along the line
of the reversal of form displayed in this
year"B freshman game. Most of the car
dinal adherents are hoping and yet ad
mitting that such a big streak cf good
fortune can hardly be expected in one
year.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Nor. 6.—
With the big game eight days dis
tant the cardinal enthusiasts are
Overall, V*: Mini, 145; Hudson, 151;
Stroud, 198; Demeritt, 149; Whipple, 167;
More, 153; Heitmuller, 180; Stow, 155;
Howard. 172; Rlsley, 158; Oliver, 168; Kit
trelle, 156; Geary, 1SS: Boothe, 130; Belk
nap, 127; Clary, 150; Stern, 178; Craig,
155; Burke. 168; Forse, 174; Read, 172;
Snedigar. 16S; Muther, 159; Elliott, 167;
Saben, 146. '-. v .
It eeems to be definitely understood that
"Johnny" More will fill out again in his
old position at quarterback. Belknap lost
so much practice through injuries that he
is not in the best form, and Geary, who
plays a good game, is a little too light for
the position.
The line will be about the same as it
has been all season, the only likelihood of
change being in regard to ends. Hudson
is on his feet again, but If he goes into
the big game it will only be for a short
time, as his mending leg will not stand
much of a strain. Oliver seems to be till
ing Hudson's place satisfactorily. Clary
has been displacing Demeritt at left end
part of the time this week.
A. good deal depends on the way the
men play against the University of Ne
vada eleven to-day at Berkeley. Who
ever shows up well In this game will be
sure of a place. A special scrutiny will
be made of the halfback playing. .
Trainer Walter Christie announces the
weights of the men of the football squad
as follows:
the news that he is on the short
end in the betting. It shows him the pub
lic is discounting the value of the article
he is putting up and it hurts his pride so
much that he immediately resolves to re
verse the opinion of the spectators.
The men of the University of California
football eleven got a taste of this adverse
opinion of their wares this week through
the reports of the state of the odds that
have come floating across the bay. The
rumors that bets were being made at
6 to 5 and 5 to 4 and even at greater odds
carried their etlng and the effect on the
team has been wholesome. The men
played together better than since the sea
son began and the individual effort at the
same time improved wonderfully, so that
things look more hopeful for a a good
fighting machine than they did a week
ago. when the team eeemed demoralized.
A good deal of speculaton is going on as
to who the backs will be. It is pretty cer
tain "Jim" Forse will be the fullback, be
cause there is no other man on the squad
of all those .that have been tried out who
can fill the bill so well. But as to the
halfbacks they are all evenly matched
and none has any particular advantage
over the other. , Mini, "Jack" Whipple.
Snedigar. Muther. Kittrelle and Rlsley
are all fairly good at the game, but they
are not stars of the caliber of Hall or
"Locomotive" Smith. The chances are
that Mini and Whipple or Bnedigar will
be put in first in the intercollegiate game
and then the others, according as the
game goes.
BERKELEY, Nov. 6.— There is noth
ing calculated to stir up the Elum
bering spirit of man more than
TENNIS PLATERS TO MEET
IN HANDICAP DOTJBUES
Liberal Entry Is Made
of Setters and Point
ers for the Big Meet
Berkeley Men Are Tak
ing Active Interest in
Association Football
Uncle's Aggregation Has
Disappointed Public
by Its Poor Showing
FIELD DOGS
ARE NAMED
FOR TRIALS
COLLEGIANS
MAY ADOPT
NEW GAME
FANS YEARN
FOR A FAST
BALL TEAM
Don Pedro. Remitso Anlmo. Advance Guard,
Haddlngton. Tyrone . Prince. Lost Girl. Linda
Vista. Regal Attire, Dorothy M. Intruder,
Fenll. Bob R. Younr America, Miss Wilson.
Roy Hughle. Master Clalr, Frank Dunn. Mar
gueritte. Cloverdale. Queen's Motto, Otto,
Money Musk. Special, Little Mercy, Ccnroy'
Commercial Traveler, Lady Menlo, . CosettV
Onward Maud. Pure Pearl, Belfast. Mount
Rose, Yankee Boy. Equator, Gold Lily, Lucky
Shamrock.' Crerao. Royal Friend, Lily 'Wright
Viking. Doc Burns. Honest John. Full Moon
Comique. Vina. Flora Belle. Balendlne So
fala.
A sixty-four-dog open stake will be run
to-morrow at Union Coursing Park.
Cfcursing will begin, as usual, upon the
arrival of the 10:15 a. m. train. There
will also be a special train at 1 o'clock.
The likely winners look to be:
Old Ironsides. Tralee Boy, Rockiln Boy.
Mickey Free. Renegade Apaeho. Klttleman,
Shadow. Red Rock. Gambit, Richard Anton.
Melrose. Sir Pasha, Rich Anrosy. lone Hill.
Rock and Rye. McHenry. Charter Member,
Game Boy, Rapid Water. Cash. Belle Free.
Ragtime. Free From Flawr Ragged Actor.
Reno. Quita. In Time, Articulate. - Snapper
Garrison. Bonnie Pasha. Luxury, Rural Artist.
The first brace of greyhounds in the
nlnety-slx-dog open stake, which forms
the card this week at Ingleslde Coursing
Park, will' go to the slips at 12 o'clock
to-day. The running will -be resumed to
morrow morning at 10:30 o'clock. The to
tal prize money is $830. of which $100 goes
to the winner. The likely winners look
to be: .
P. J. If organ sold Donnybrook and Rag
time last Sunday after the former's vic
tory in the junior champion. The pur
chaser Is John Tierney.
Lawrence Belle, the dam of Rocker,
Golden Russet and other great grey
hounds and the slater of St. Lawrence, is
to be mated with T. J. Cronin's Vandal.
first Saturday and Sunday In De
cember, coursing men will commence to
point the fleetest greyhounds In their ken
nels for this, the richest event In Ameri
can coursing. The event will be unusually
interesting thla year owing to the fact
that a strong contingent of Eastern
hounds will start. This Infusion of new
blood Is expected to help not only this
stake, but is expected to revive coursing
throughout the State.
The California greyhounds made an ex
cellent showing at the Waterloo and In
other events on the coursing circuit of
the Middle West. Rubber Ankles was the
bright star in the Waterloo, winning that
classic in decisive style. Among the other
California greyhounds which started were
Laughing Water. Talk To Me. Consort,
Rector, White Hat, 'Cloudburst, Sweet
Emma, Real Article, Lord Brazen, Craw
ford Belle and Frisco Lad.
The officials of the Los Angeles Cours
ing Club have inaugurated a Southern
California Futurity stake for puppies
whelped on or after January 1, 1903. They
must be the property of a member of a
club represented on the California Cours
ing Committee. To be eligible puppies
must be registered with Secretary Cham
bill before January 1, 1904. The fees are
the same as those of the Inter-State
Coursing Club's Futurity. The club will
add $300 to the stake, which will be run in
September, 1904. It will not conflict with
the California Futurity. Many nomina
tions are expected, as It increases the
value of a puppy to have it eligible.
Coursing is being revived at Chicago In
a modest manner. A twenty-dog stake
was run recently under the auspices of
the Chicago Coursing Club. Greyhounds
from, St. Louis carried off all the honors.
E. J. Brown of St. Louis judged, while
Michael Allen handled the leash.
Coursing has been resumed at Butte,
Mont^. under the management of Peter
Teague, who has leased the grounds of
the Montana Coursing Club. Jack Wes
son is acting as judge and Harry Corbls
as slipper. Among the California dogs
running there are Warpath, New Moon,
Lear King, May Be Kind, Might Be Keen,
Fred Freedom and Parader.
WITH the announcement of the
dates of the John Grace Challenge
Cup stake, which will be run the
THE DASHING RIGHT GUARD AND CAPTAIN OF THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA FOOTBALL. TEAM AND
SOME PLAYERS WHO HAVE SHOWN TO ADVANTAGE IN THE SEVERE PRACTICE THE ELEVEN IS
UNDERGOING THESE AUTUMN EVENINGS. / '
Eastern Greyhounds of
Class to Run Here in
BigEventsThisWinter
the yachting season of 1D03 will take
place. It is high water at 1:04 p. m. at
the entrance to San Francisco harbor,
but the tide will run flood for an hour
longer in Tiburon cove.
The arrangements for raising the bridge
will be in charge of Port Captain John H.
Keefe of the Corinthian Yacht Club.
Towed by puffing but willing launches and
by heated mariners in small boats the
yachts will be ushered Into the quiet
waters, where they will be anchored se
curely until early In April. 1004. The new
bridge that is to span the entrance to the
cove is not yet complete, and the creak-
Ing timbers of the old bridge will be
raised high in the air once more before
going out of business altogether.
Not only will most of the yachts of the
Corinthian Club be taken into the lagoon,
but some craft of the San Francisco
Yacht Club and others that do not fly the
burgee of any organization will take ad
vantage of the opportunity afforded to
seek a haven secure from the southeast
erly gales of winter.
AT high tide to-morrow the bridge
leading to the lagoon at Tiburon
will be raised, and the last event of
CUP STAKE
DATES ARE
ANNOUNCED
Corinthian Yacht Own
ers to Lay Their Pleas
ure Craft Up for Winter
BOATS SEEK
SAFE HAVEN
OF LAGOON
6NOTED MOTORISTS AND THEIR POWERFUL CATJ3 WHICH PLATED A PROMINENT PART YESTERDAY AFT
ERNOON AT INGLESIDE TRACK IN SEVERAL EVENTS AT THE GREAT RACE MEET HELD UNDER
THE AUSPICES OF THE AUTOMOBILE CLUB OF CALIFORNIA.
With one withdrawal, there were three
starters in the first race, for gasoline cars
only, 6% horsepower and under, at two
miles. It proved an easy victory for- W.~
S. Hunt, who drove his Oldsmobile home
first in 3:27 1-5. C-. S. Luckhardt finished
second with his Rambler in 3 31 1-6, and
W.H. Kellogg third with a buckboard In
3:40 3-5. The first prize was $50, the second
a silver cup.
Next ) came a five-mile open event ¦ for
cars | weighing 1200 pounds and over, the
first prize being $100, the second $25. W. F.
Winchester \ went \ away ; In the : lead with
his Franklin car and stayed there, com
pletlng«the In ; 8:50.1-5*"- - F. • R.
Luckhardt. with a St. Louis, .was second!
no time 'being taken* i W. H. t Kellogg, fin
ished/, third again with' hia buckboard In
Oldfleld lapped all of his competitors in
the ten-mile race, the first prize for which
was $400, but in the five-mile open event
he met defeat with his "Baby Bullet" car,
when the smooth running White racer!
driven by Walter Grothe, glided away
from the others after the second mile,
winning in 6:04 2-5. the fastest time made
during the afternoon.
Next In point- of attraction was un
doubtedly the big $12,000 Mors racer, own
ed by George P. Whlttell, and driven by
Pierre Desmet. This car figured in the
great Paris-Berlin race, and with Its
sputter and tireless chug, chug, chug.
pounding like the explosion of a million
Chinese firecrackers, could be heard com
ing a block away.
Barring one or two unavoidable waits
due to broken chains or valves, the ar
rangements were -perfect. The judges
were J. D. Spreckels, R. p. Schwerin and
S. G. Buckbee. Referee, I* P. Lowe. W.
W. Everett acted as chief "docker," aid
ed by Captain L. R. Burgess, John Ham
mersmith, Edwin Mohrig, C. E. Matthew
son and others. R. C. Lennie acted as
clerk of the course and H. C. Brown and
L. C. Lowe were the umpires.
Jack Gleason set a new fashion for
starters to follow by appearing in a
Prince Albert coat and gray trousering
and wearing a tall hat. His ; excellent
work with the ' red flag would indicate
him to be a veteran at the game.
Frank Thompson with his musical
basso, made a splendid announcer, con
tributing much to the pleasure .of the
day's sport. «.
Previous to the calling of -tfe* first race
Barney Oldfleld started off on '^-record
breaking stunt,. but after covering; a. mile
In 1:04 2-5 he concluded the track was a
trifle too cuppy and slowed, down. The
record for a mile over a circular course
Is 55 4-5 seconds, made by Oldfleld at the
Empire City track.
EASY VIOTOBY FOB HUNT.
OLDFIELD LAPS OPPONENTS.
All noted men have their peculiarities
and Oldfleld has his. Before every ap
pearance on the track he must needs light
up a fresh cigar, which is so tightly
clinched between his teeth that a Kan
sas cyclone would not disturb the ashes.
As Barney whizzes by the stand, seated
low In his red Bullet No. 2 racing car of
120 horsepower and weighing 2040 pounds,
coatless and hatless, his long brown locks
flowing In the wind, he looks every inch
like a young man started on a trip to
Mars astride a skyrocket.
Needless to remark, Barney Oldfleld, the
champion motorist, was the cynosure of
all eyes and the bright twingling star of
the occasion. Barney haB broken many
records during hia epeedy career as a
motor driver and a rib or two as well In
accomplishing the same.
It was freely predicted that the ambu
lance corps from the Park Emergency
Hospital would be rung- up before two
events were over, but the sport itself was
not marred by hitch nor accident.
9:15 1-5. C. S. Luckhardt with a Rambler
pulled up at the start and was left.
Eight started in the five-mile handicap
for motor cycles, the prizes being hand-
Bome diver cups. Although E. SI. Coffin
with his Duck cycle made the best time,
7:26, starting from scratch, first prize
went to Thomas A. White, with a 30-sec
ond handicap and whose official time was
10:16 3-&. Then came H. Swanton in his
Indian in 10:51. and E. M. Coffln, 10:56 4-6.
A. H. Thompson, George Dunn, W. A.
Swan and Montie Fink were also con
testants.
In (the five-mile number for gasoline
cars only, twenty-four horsepower and
under, there were only two starters. The
big Toledo car resembling the prescription
counter in a drug store and driven by W.
E. Saunders, with a chauffeur for ballast,
who threw himself out on the inside step
at the turns, looking like the spinnaker
of the Reliance, made quick work of the
Franklin, with W. F. Winchester at the
wheel. The latter was indulged with the
lead in the second mile, but only for a
one-night stand. The winner's time was
6.46 4-5. Time of the Franklin, 6:52.
The fifth race, an open event at five
miles, for cars 1S0O pounds and under,
with the first prize $200 and the second
$50, marked the first appearance of Cham
pion Oldfield in competition. lie drove his
baby Bullet car, which proved no match
at all for the steam White car, the latter
leading the last three miles and winning
off in 6:04 2-5. Oldfleld was second in
6:17 4-5. Then followed H. D. Ryus with
another White in 6:28, and the Mors in
7:22 2-5.
FAST FIVE MILES.
Then followed another five-mile race
for cars irrespective of power or weight,
the two prizes being silver cup3. The
Toledo car, driven by W. E. Saunders.
with its outrigger chauffeur, again turned
up a winner, leading after the first mile
and finishing the route in 6:25. F. A.
Garbutt was second with his White steam
car in 7:13, and the giant Mors third a
fifth of a second slower. W. F. Winches
ter, driving a Franklin, drew out on the
first mile and H. T>. Ryu's White blew out
a cylinder on the last lap.
It was awful what Barney Oldfield did
to the other four starters in the ten-mile
race. Oldfield contented himself with per
mitting William Graham in "baby Bul
let" to set the pace for nearly five miles,
then he cut loose with Bullet No. 2. One
mile was covered in 1:001-5, the ten miles
in 11:15 1-5. Graham finished second i in
11:513-5; W. Grothe, with a "WTiite, third
in 13:44, and Desmet, with the Mora, car,
fourth in 14:24 3-5. No time was take'n of
the Toledo, and as W. E. Sanders, who
drove the car, claimed to be entitled to
.third prize the matter was left to the
referee. '
A five-mile handicap open to all cars
legitimately owned on . the Pacific Coast
concluded the day's sport, making In all
eight races. C. C. Eib, with an Oldsmo
bile, finished first from a two minute and
thirty seconds handicap In 8:46 2-5. The
Mors car," with a forty seconds allowance,
was second. W. H. Kellogg, F. R. Luck
hard t, C. S. Luckhardt and W. P. Win
chester also operated cars In the race.
The : first prize ' was $100. the . second $30
and the third a silver cup.
Alameda Eleven to Flay.
'AIiAMEDA,"Nov. 6.— The football team
of the Alameda High School will go to
San Rafael to-morrow to play the eleven
of the Hitchcock Military Academy. Tha
local eleven" will line up as follows : Cen
ter, Hovey; left guard, Allen; right guard,
Crawford; . left tackle, Simonson; right
tackle,"' 1 Marx :" left end," Brush : right ' end,
Mackie; quarter, Paul;-left half, Canallzo;
half,; Baker; ; fullback," Swe^tt, • '
THE initial day of the race meeting
held under the auspices of the Au
tomobile Club of California at In-
gleside track yesterday was attend
ed by fully 3000 devotees of the horseless
vehicle.
The grandstand was well filled with a
fashionably attired gathering of both
sexes. Wealth and beauty graced the
clubhouse verandas and for fully an
eighth of a mile automobiles and auto
cars of every make and description filled
with people of prominence in the society
world lined the fence on the inner field.
For the nonce the poor horse was forgot
ten. A careful scrutiny through a pair
of powerful binocular field glasses failed
to discern one within a radius of seven
miles.
But, yes, there was one. Hidden away
in the recesses of the shed wan a black
trotter driven to the course by Starter
Jack Gleason, and for this glaring breach
of automobllistlc etiquette the Olympic
Club's leader was frowned upon the whole
afternoon.
Champion Motorist Cuts the Turns in Hair-Raising
Fashion With His Flying Red Car.
SEATTLE IN SECOND PLACE.
SACRAMENTO. Nov. 6— Billy Thomas,
fresh from a eick bed. with but little prac
tice, was not effective In his delivery in
to-day's game. The result was the Seat
tle? won by a score of 7 to 4 and stepped
into second place. There were se\-eral
fast playg. but the feature of the game
wa« a running catch of a fly ball by
Doyle, who whipped it to the plate by a
m&e-nificnt throw In time to double up
ihe rcznner from third base. Score:
Sacramento— r Seattle
AB R. H. P A ' AB. R. H. P. A.
rmp»y.2b. 4 0 13 2 Lumly.cf 4 2 3 2 0
HiiM.if. 3 0 12 l<Mohlr.2b 2 2 0 2 1
MLcln.rf 5 0 0 2 0 6mith.rf 4 12 10
Doyle.cf. 4 10 3 1 Brshr.lb 4 0 2 11 0
Eras.e.. 3 12 11 Zinear.lf 4 0 12 0
Phehn.Sb K 1 0 1 4 JanFR.Sb 4 112 1
Grshm.c 4 0 16 0 Doian.s. 3 O O 3 3
Honn.lh 3 10 6 0]B?*rs.e. 4 0 13 3
Thomas, p 2 0 10 0 EtVran.p 3 10 12
Total* 31 4 6 24 »• Totals 32 7 10 27 10
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
fiarraraento 0 10 2 0 0 0 0 1 4
:-..¦» hits 0 1 0 2 0 1 0 O 2— 6
F*»ttle 1 4 0 0 0 O 2 0 X— 7
r .¦-'¦ hiu 1 3 0 1 0 1 2 2 z — 10
BC1OKART.
Etnlen base* — Doyle. Bra.«heiU\ Jansing. Er
ror* — r.rtr. Hogan. Thorna*. Dolan Pt, Vrain.
Tw-o-baee hlti — Eran. Dyers. Sacrifice hit—
Dolan. First base en error* — Sacramento 1.
Prattle 2. First bas« en ca'.lM balls — Off
Thorr.a* 4. oST St. Vraln 8. Left on bases —
Sacramento 9. Seattle 6. Struck out — By
Thi-.rr.as 4. by Pt. VraSn 3. Hit by pitcher —
Tfcoinaa. Double play— Doyle to Graham.
T*ass*<j baJI— Bjrers. Wild pitch— Thomas. Time
of r*nie — 2:00. Umpire — O'Connell.
Berkeley to Play Nevada.
BERKELEY, Nov. 6— The L'niversity
of California eleven will play the last
practice game to-morrow afternoon
against the University of Nevada eleven.
The men will line up on the Berkeley oval
in the following positions:
California— Demeritt, left end: Howard,
I*ft tackle; Stow, left guard; Stroud, cen
ter; Ooverall. right guard: Heitmuller,
right tackle; Oliver, right end: More,
quarter; Forse. Stern, full; Mini. Whlp
ple, Snedlgar. Muther, Kitterlle and Ris
!ey, backs.
Nevada— Knox. right end; Hart, right
tackle; W'enke, right guard; Hart, center;
Lawrence, left guard; A. Steckle, left
tackle: Smith, left end; Leadbetter, quar
ter; Frelzell, right half; F. Steckle, left
half; Hart, full.
BARNEY OLDFIELD will attempt
to lower his world's record of 55 4-5
seconds for a mile this afternoon
at Ingleslde. Should he fail to
reach this mark he expects to cover the
distance in leas than one minute. A spe
cial prize of J2S0 In sold is offered the
motorist who will accomplish this feat.
The first race of the closing day of the
big meet will be called at 1 o'clock this
afternoon. It is an event which was not
completed yosterdaj".
Second race, three miles, for cars 6',£
horsepower and under.
Third race, five miles, for gasoline cars
only, 1200 pounds and under.
Fourth race, five-mile handicap, for mo
tor cycles.
Fifth race, five-mile open, for cars 1S00
pounds and under.
Sixth race, nve-mile open, for cars 24
horsepower and under.
Seventh race, ten-mile open, for cars
Irrespective of power or weight.
Eighth race, five-mile open, for cars ir
respective of power or weight.
Ninth race, five-mile handicap, open to
cars that have taken part In any of the
preceding races and that are legitimately
owned on the Pacific Coast.
Tenth race, for cars carrying passen
gers.
Barney Oldfield
Will Try for
Record.
Stolen t»as<»«>— Fhar. Meany, Lynch, Delman.
Error* — An<ier*on. Freeman. Franc!*, Fhay,
Bodson. Pacrifioo h!t*— Lynch. Pabst. First
f-as* on errors — Pan Francisco 3, Portland 2.
First base en ca!!M bails— Off HtvJson 1. off
Thielman 3. I>»ft on baF*e — San Francisco ft.
Portland 5. Struck out — By HcxJson t, by
Thf^ImnTj 6. Hit br pitcher— Irwln. Doubl*
rlay — F'uit to P»h»t. TTm<? cf pam« — One
hour Z,T, minute j. I'mpire — Levy.
SUMMARY.
The two teams should have been play
ing ball yet- Both pitchers were throwing
overything th»y had, and the batters on
both sides were swinging their heads on*
trying to locate a few of the mysterious
curve* that came floating up to the plate
or else broke away long before the men
with the sticks were ready to clout 'em
out.
The only run wa? negotiated during the
progress of the second. Krug drew a pass
and Lynch bunted along the first base
line. Thielman fielded the ball to Free
man, but :he latter neglected to plant
his foot on the bag, so Lynch was safe.
Pabst advanced them both with a sacri
fice. Delmas hit to Francis and Krug was
headed off at the plate. This mado two
out. and it seemed about over. Delmas
then made a dash for second, and at the
i-ame moment Lynch started for the plate.
Sh^a was just bad enough to throw the
*>all to Holling-sworth. and Lynch was
speedy enough to beat the return peg: to
the plate, so that is the story of the only
run, whirh Shea allowed to register by
lir.iry? the ball away to catch a base-run
ner when all hands should have played
fur the batter. The score:
Sar. Francisco — | Portland
AB. R H. P.A.j AB. R. H. P.A.
Shay, t-s 4 O 0 3 n'Vn Bn.cf 4 O 2 1 0
Uea&7.rf 3 0 11 0:Ar.a?n,2b 4 0 0 5 1
Irwir., Sb 3 0 0 2 llNadu. If 4 0 1 2 0
Krug. cf. 3 0 1 3 0 Fremn.lb 3 0 0 3 1
I-ynch, If 1 1 0 5 0 Biake rf 4 0 0 2 0
Pabyt. Ib 2 0 0 « 0 Fm. Sb 4 0 O 1 0
rvin:F.2t) 3 0 0 10 HHnKb.es 3 O 0 3 o
7.rfs«. c. 3 0 0 6 1 Phea. c... 3 0 0 6 2
Hodan. p 3 0 1 0 0 Thlrr.n, p 3 0 2 1 6
ToU!*.2.*i 1 3 27 P Tot*l?.32 0 5 24 10
KUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Pr-rtlana 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0—0
B«!«« hits 1 0 2 0 110 0 0—5
Fan Francisco 0 1 O rt 0 0 0 0 x— I
U*«? hiie O 0 1 1 0 0 0 1 x 3
In the second spasm of the battle
Shea, the Brownie backstop, made one of
his famous dummy plays. This meant a
run for the natives, ar.d as the Drownics
were never there with one during the rest
of the game, nor before that. It was cur
tains with them. Uncle can now be In
fourth place for a day or bo more. Score,
1 to 0.
UNCLE seemed headed directly for
that Tfth place In the pennant race
yesterday at Recreation Park, but
W. U Pct-I XV. L.. Prt.
l»s Aag..llS 72 .fJl'San Fran.. 1)9 503 4aO
Brattle ... »3 92 .503, Portland . K7 94 .4*1
BaCtO .... 37 «S .4U7 Oakland .. Si 113 .411
STANDING OF THE CLUBS
Pitching Honors Evenly
Divided Between Hod
son and JakeThiel man
Dummy Play by Catcher
Shea Lets Lynch Scoot
Home From Third
LONE TALLY
WINS GAME
FOR UNCLE
BARNEY OLDFIELD THRILLS THE THRONG AT INGLESIDE
OFFICIALS
RULE OFF
DAN LYNCH
Western Jockey Club
Stewards Step in and
Defy the Politicians
Summary Punishment
Meted Out to Offend
ers for "Good of Turf 1
CHICAGO. Nov. 6.— The stewardif'of
the Western Jockey Club to-day
defied the political influences
which compelled the Harlem
Jockey Club Judges to reinstate
Turfman D. J. Lynch. They ruled him
off the turf for life. Punished with
Lynch are Trainer C. Llnd and Jockey
Treanor. AH were concerned in the al
leged doping of race horsea at Hawthorno
and at Harlem tracks.
When Owner Lynch and his trainer and
Jockey came unrter the ban at Hawthorne
the Harlem officials also barred them.
The judges at Hawthorne refused to take
official action when pressure was brought
to bear to reinstate the men, but a prom
inent part owner of the Cicero track
caused a statement to be Usued that the
suspension had been lifted. The Harlem
Judges. Colonel Hamilton and Martin Na
thanson. Usued a statement which caused
a tempest in turf circles. It stated that
certain Influences which the Harlem
Jockey Club had neither the power nor
the inclination to defy had compelled the
reinstatement of Lynch. A storm of crit
icism over the reinstatement of a turf
man who had not been cleared of the>
charges against him, threw the whola
matter into the hands of the stewards of
the Western Jockey Club. Under the
terms of the constitution anri by-laws of
the turf governing body, the summary
punishment of Lynch and hia colleagues
for the "good of the turf" was permis
sible.
ANGELS OUTPLAY CRIPPLES.
Wheeler Pitches Masterly Ball and
Wins His Game With Ease.
LOS ANGELES. Nov. 6. -George Wheel
er stepped from second base into tho
pitcher's box this afternoon and won hl3
game with case. But for an unfortunate
error by Eager In letting the ball get by
him with Schwartz on third base, Los An
geles would probably have scored a shut
out. Wheeler pitched a strong game and
was given perfect support !n the field.
Graham was hit often and hard, and at
critical points his support was a bit rag
ged. Joe Corbett played a star game at
second base. Score:
Los Angeles — f Oakland —
AB. R. H. P. A. AB. R. H. P. A.
Hoy.cf.. 4 2 2 3 ob'Hara.ef 5 0 2 0 1
IVhaelr.p. 5 2 2 0 2!Mosk'n,ss 3 0 0 2 4
Emith.3b. 3 12 4 2;Murd'k.rf 4 0 3 1 O
tMllon.lb. 5 O 2 H 0 5^h'tz.2b 3 X 1 O 2
CraVh.rf 4 112 OjKrug'r.lf 4 0 1 5 O
Ross.lf.. 5 12 1 OM^sly.lb 4 ft 1 9 O
Kay-d.BS. 5 1" 2 1 4 Peve'x.Sb 2 0 1 2 1
Eager.e. 3 0 0 3 l'Gnrton.c. 4 0 0 3 O
Corb't.2b 3 2 0 1 3jGraham,p 4 0 0 2 2
Tcfala 37 10 13*2fl 121 Totals 33 1 8 ?4 11
•Schwarta out, hit by batted ball.
RLTNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Los Angeles O4O21OO3 x— '£
Base hits 15O221O2 x— 13
Oakland O 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 o— *
Base hits 2 0101208 0—8
SUMMARY.
Stolen bases — Smith. S<-hwa-***- Error*—
Eager Corbett. O'Hara. Schw*rta. Two-bM*
hits— Hoy. Smith. Raymond. "Murdoclc. First
base on errors— Los Anreles. I I" Oakland. 1.
First base on balls— Oft Graha*n. *: o« Wh«I
er, 5. Struck out— By Grahan*, =: by Wheel
er. 4. Left on bases— Los Aoretes. 8; Oak
land, 11. Hit by pitcher— Str-.th. Sacrifice
hit— Eager. Wild Pitches— Gr^nam (2). Time
of game— 1 hour 40 minute?- Umpire — Mc-
Donald.
HABEY TENNY OUTPOINTS
CLEVER BABNEY DBISCOLX*
Little Men Furnish a Four Bound
Boxing Bont Full of Exciting
Incidents. .
Harry Tenny upheld bis reputation as «
great little fighter last night when he out
pointed Barney Driscoli in a fierce four
round bout, literally cutting the latter'a
face to ribbons. The little men furnished
the main event of the Lincoln Club's
monthly exhibition, and it brought out a.
packed house. The remainder of the pro
gramme was fairly good, but the star at
traction classed Away above any amateur
bout that has been witnessed for a lonjr
time.
In every round Tenny had th» better ot
his man and was the aggressor from tha
outset. He nearly severed Driscoll'a right
ear, and the rest of the tatter's face also)
bore marks of terrific punishment. Threa
times during the bout Driscoli went down,
but he showed hia true gameness to tha
last and would never give in. Tenny was)
not punished in the slightest and appear
ed as fresh at the end of the bout as ho)
did when the gong sounded for the battle.
Frank Mannasso, who would be mis
taken for Jeffries by many tenderfeet,
was pitted against Ike McLaughlin. tha
big man from Butchertown. and lost tha
decision. Mannasso knew nothing about
the game, and did not seem to be pos
sessed of great strength for such a giant.
In fact, neither man did any fighting, but^
the decision was given to McLaughlin oa
general principles seemingly.
Jim Linegar put up> a game battle
against Bob Lundie, but finally succumb
ed to a few strong body punches in th»
fourth. Harry King, a lad who looked
fat enough to be a pork butcher, had to
stop in the second round of his bout with,
Charles Augustus. Jack Doyle outpointed
William Desmond and Joe Kelly was
awarded the decision over "William FrieL
Bicycle Thief Sentenced.
Ole Elllngson, a confirmed bicycle thief,
was convicted by Police Judge Conlan
yesterday on two charges of petty lar
ceny and was sentenced to serve six
months in the County Jail on each charge.
He Is also wanted in Stockton and other
places.
Mr. and Mrs. H- O. Heine and C. E. Linaker.
J. T. McMahon. D. McMahon. M. F. Connor
and the Misses O*Dea.
Mr. and Mrs. J. A. Marsh, Mr. and Mrs. F.
W. Jennings. Miss Gertrude Josephs.
Dr. and Mrs. L. O. Rodgers. Mrs. Arthu-
Rodgers, Miss Grac« Rnnyan and Miss MHUa
Rodger*.
Mr. and Mrs. J. Conant. Mr. and Mrs. J. B.
Ernest of Oakland. Ny» Ernest.
Joseph , Gottlob. Alfred Dodge and C. A.
Hawkins.
Mr. and Mrs. E. P. VTatron. Mr. and Mrs. B.
H. Wedekind and Max Rosenf>ld.
NOTES OP THE AUTOS.
, Owing to the length of, the programme, tha
racs for steam touring cars was postponed un
til to-day, when the first event will be called
promptly at 1 o'clock.
C. A. Hawkins, manager of the White Auto
mobile Company. Is highly Hated at the victory
of the steam "Red-White" over Barney Old
field's "Baby Bullet" In the fifth race.
Thomas Hendry. a young man residing at 160
Golden Hate avenue, met with a severe accident
before the racing began. Hendry was 5tan,1in<
on the main track opposite the paddock, when
an automobile driven by Dr. F. C. Keck stru-fc
him and he sustained a broken leg. Th-s un
fortunate onlooker was later removed to St.
Luke's Hospital. -
Oldfleld drives his racing car wide thr-nrt
the stretch. ]nst grazing the outer fence, and it
Is worth the price of admission alone to •*•
¦aim cat the first tar*
SOCIETY graced the automobile
races at the Inglesldo track yester
day with Its presence. The day was
an Ideal one, and the members of
the fair sex appeared in large numbers.
The inner track was filled with runabouts,
in which were well-known people of the
smart set. The ladies presented a strik
ing appearance in their fashionable
gowns. They derived as much enjoyment
watching the experts speed around the
track as did the .most ardent enthusiast.
The track present*! a Derby day appear
ance. Amonj tho*a who attended the
meeting in autos -n re the following:
Dr. O. M. Freeman, . •»*, O. M. Freeman,
Mrs. T. B. Valentine ax Irs. O. P. Prech
tei.
R. E. Boyle and TV **. G'^inn. •
Mrs. H. S. Bates, Mric K. F. Merrill, Miss
Grace Hammond and 1». C. --Hammond.
Miss Belle Uvlnsrston and- Mrs. Eunne W.
Levy.
Mr. and Mrs. C. H. Geldert and Mr*. E.
C. Oeldert.
Mr. and Mrs. H. OTallen.
Mrs. Gua Taylor. Mrs. Will Taylor, Mrs.
F. TV. McNear and Mrs. E. B. Murphy
F. W. McXear. Miss McNear and I,. R
Scott.
Mr. and Mrs. J. XV. Leavttt and Mr and
Mrs. H. P. Smith.
Mr. and Mrs. E. E. Peabody and Mr. and
Mrs. P. O. Merchant.
Mr. and Mrs. A. A. Moore Jr. and A. A.
Moore.
Dr. and Mrs. Wilson Shields and Master
William Shields.
J. Benson and wife. Mrs. J. Haley and
Georre H. Ferrln.
Mr. and Mrs. Paul BImonds and Mlsa X.
Sweeney.
Mrs. M. T. Balrd. II. Hill and Mr. and
Mr*. Li. R. Larzalere.
Dr. W. T. Rathbone and wife and Miss
Jessie Pomstone of Colusa.
H. E. Cale* and A. E. Brewer.
A. C. Wheelock and Miss Vera Williams.
I>r. and Mrs. W>- H. Croethers.
J. E. McDonald. Mrs. Julius Gabriel, Rich
ard Ouer and W. L. Elliott.
M. B. Wells and Mrs. W. I*. Bruce.
Mrs. 8. C. Middleton, Mrs. L.. M. Hayes.
Mrs. Dr. R. H. Cool and H. B. Foulks.
Mrs. S. P. Little, Antone Nichols and Mr.
and Mrs. N. D. Nichols.
R. C. Klrkwood and wlf* and Charles D.
Milllken.
L. P. Lowe. Mr. and Mrs. O. T. KUnk
and Mrs. G. X*. Kins.
Mr. and Mrs. W. C. Hays, Frank Foot and
Mrs. C. Abborell.
Dr. C. S. Ehorb. Fred McKenzle, MUs
Mae O'Donneli and Harry Rhodes.
Mr. and Mrs. Geonre H. Woodward. Mrs.
Samuels and Miss Lillle Rivers.
Mr. and Mrs. F. Kelson and W. Nelson.
Mr. and Mrs. M. Fisber.
Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Holla and Charles Ep
enter,
Mr. and Mrs.R. W. Davis and R. C. Rob
inson.
Mr. and Mrs. C. S. Mason, R. C. l*nnle
and William Plerson of Los Anrelea.
W. I*. Benedict and H. B. Taylor. *• . .
Mr. and Mra. Percy L. Pettirrew, 'Miss
Helen IVUiexew, Miss L. E. Callahan and
W. T. Lemmon.
Mr- and Mrs. A. M. Shields and Miss K.
E. Desmond.
Mr. and Mrs. II . E. Bothlne. Miss Maud
O'Connor and Harry Kaufman.
C. S. Middleton. H. L. Middleton and Mr.
and Mrs. W. A. Rlchwin*.
J. T. Hayes. R. J. McMIllen. F. W. Frost,
Martin Obenc and'Malen Sweet.
Leon Roos. Mrs. A. Roob. Miss H. Neustadter,
Miss F. Hellman and Miss M. B. Greenebaum.
Mr. and Mrs. E. Peter Brlnegrer. Mrs. Gsorse
C. Carr, Mr. McLaln of Los Angeles.
Miss F. A. Sherman. F. H. Hyde and J. B.
Kelly.
Mrs. Samuel Buckbee. MUs G«rtrnda Dut
ton. Mrs. John D. Sprockets Jr.. Mrs. Arthur
Brander.
R P. Schwerln, Miss Pearl Landers, MUs
Lucie Kins. Miss Ethyl Hager and Barney Old
neld.
Mr. and Mrs. Dorvlile Llbbey Jr.
F. L. Ktncaid of Stockton. Leo T. Salbach.
J. C. Cunningham of Merced, H. S. Porter of
Portland. H. S. Smith of Portland and William
Gardner.
Mr. and Mrs. C. Roulller.
W. E. Knowles. Mr. and Mrs. M. J. Lay.
mance, Mrs. E. B. Davis.
Dr. J. D. Hill and wife.
Dr. and Mrs. E. W. Westphal. Mrs. E. A.
Van Bergen. Howard H. Van Bergen.
Mr. and Mrs. W. A. Hlldreth of Stockton and
S. P. Hackett.
Herbert Thompson and E. Matthews.
. W. H. Vatcher. F. W Jacobs and ladles.
Mrs. M. M. Cooper. Mrs. L. Williams, Mr
and Mra. A. E. Cooper.
Mr. - end Mra. Thomas B. B. Varney MJn
Eva Varney, Mis* Maud Varney and Walter
Varney. .
Miss Jeesie E wins. Miss Ida Bauer. Mrs. II
Mier, Mrs. W. E. Palmer. R. J Mler.
W. H. Eddy and Miss Stella Smith.
Mr. and Mrs. L. W. Moore. Mr. and Mrs E
E. Stoddard. Miss Edna Dahl.
¦ Mr. and Mrs. J. D. Brown. Mrs. Neustadter.
Tom Brown. -. . ,
B. B. Stanley, William Marshall and Mx. and
Mrs, H- Robertson, - . .*.
Society People
Enjoy the
Racing.
THE FAN FKAKCISCO CALL, SATURDAY. NOVEMBER 7, 1903.
7
_^_^^ ADVERTISEMENTS.
FEATS BARNEY OLDFIFT D
Anci His BULLET
And Makes Fastest Time Ever Made by a Regular Stock Touring Car — Also Defeats
YVhitteirs $12,000 Gasoline Car at Automobile Races—Time
for Five Miles. 6:04 2-5.
The incomparable "White" again demonstrates Its unequaled reliability in the New York
to Pittsburg Endurance Run Just completed
White Steam Touring Cars
Repeated the success achieved in every previous endurance and reliability contest. Of the NINE' cars which
winTFS th xvluT g \ r vffi S TP Ch '"'^ h J midni * ht < of £ e THIRTY-FOUR which started TWO WERE
v\ ii 1 1 hb. \\ ebb Jay s W HITE was the first to arrive at Bmghamton, Buffalo Younestown and Pittsbure and
;ha e t7w^S t IT : ' eVClan i an - d E t ric h P"I Deming-s WHITE finished among the kaSefs each day, demon/tfkting
machine, pc T fn nmnv 1 , O ,J*? C most - rehable car C Y" designed, is faster than more costly gasoline
machines. IN ADDITION to the two competing cars mentioned above, a WHITE pilot car preceded the
contestants, and another WHITE, driven by an amateur, accompanied them, making FOUR WHITF CARS to
complete without mishap the arduous journey, a RECORD UNAPPROACHED by any other machine
$2150-The White Steam Touring Car-,$2150
The "White** made a similar record in the recent English Reliability Trials.
In the one thousand mile trip, extending over a period of eight days, one WHITE made seven "non-
stop or perfect runs and one run with a loss of less than five marks. The other WHITE cars made five perfect
runs, two runs with losses of less than five marks and one run with a loss of slightly over five marks In 'th«- hill,
cumbmg contest the WHITE climbed a grade averaging 8.5 per cent, 3960 feet long, at a speed of n6in.il"*-'
per hour. In the speed contest the WHITE traveled at 33.58 miles per hour .with full equipment and full com-
plement-- of passengers.
The5e Performances of the WHITE were superior to those of the great majority of the foreign cars cost-
ing three or four times as much as the White, and by far the best record of any American car See us before
buying an automobile. " oeiorc
WH|TE SEWING MACHINE CO., San Francisco
White ~ Garage : Market and Franklin Salesrooms : 300 Post Street
11 'atch Walter Grothe and Frank A. GorW» .« th* r.y«. -3%~~ : '*~*~> WHITE Xpurimr Cars.(Editor Health Culture Ma^ailne. New York.)
The human body seems to be an Indi
visible unit-one thing. And eo it is. but
only in ti»e £ense than an army, a cam
«« •"«*». * cam-
BT W. R. C. LATSOX. M. D
Minute Cells of Body.
Fourteen blocks of buildings destroyed, one life snuffed
out, twenty men and women injured, five hundred families
homeless and one million five 'hundred thousand dollar's in
property consumed" is the; net result of a drunken freak
at ' Coney I sland.' And this appalling "offense , under ; our
laws is no crime that may be punished. V
In a recent appointment of police officers the authori
ties of Oakland were particularly careful not to permit poli
tics to influence, their choice. How very refreshing it is
to have ; such jt striking example of right motives in public
affairs • so ; near to us. It makes us almost feel as if : - we
weresharers in 'the manifest benefits. ,-
A Bulgarian diplomat, graced by the confidence of his
Government, is authority for the prediction that next spring
war between Bulgaria and Turkey is inevitable. The
prophecy is encouraging. If. there is a nation in Europe
pining for and deserving a sound thrashing it is Bulgaria.
And no nation .' is more justified in whipping her than
Turkey.
A writer in the current Harper's Week
ly reports an amusing new anecdote
which Bishop Potter tells on himself.
"When one has lived for years In Ameri
ca without any special title in ordinary
conversation," says the Bishop, "It is not
easy to become accustomed to being hail
ed as 'my lord' whenever any service id
rendered. .- During "my various trips' to Eu
rope I found it , impossible to, go any
where or do anything . without being
'lcrded', right "and", left. At' last I was in
a fair way of becoming spoiled, ' when a
little occurrence mercifully delivered me.
I had reached home, after a- run abroad,
and while descending the gangplank met
a mend, an old vestryman of mine. He
was hurrying on board to receive his wife
and daughters. Pausing midway up the
plank, he grasped my hand and shouted:
" 'Wh». h«Uo. J3i»H! Wnnr ua ytatxT ."
Against His Dignity.
A young man, ' reputable, self-supporting, industrious and
otherwise worthy, arrived a few days ago from Australia and
was immediately pounced upon and deported as a contract
laborer. He came here assured of a good salary as a bank
clerk in one of our local institutions. V The ; idiocy of our
Federal laws in such matters is emphasized by the interesting
fact that hordes of coolie "native sons" have cheated the
Government and are eluding the barriers to a successful ad
mission to this country.
The desire to escape seems to have become a habit at the
Folsom penitentiary. This follows inevitably as an effect
from a cause. If some of the jailbirds had been &ot to
death in their first effort and those subsequent
had been promptly hanged the prison would now be a model
of right behavior. Fear, not reformation, is the guide to
sweetness and light in a penitentiary. >•
In speaking of the origin of the use of
signs it must never be forgotten that in
past times they were not confined, as now,
almost exclusively to. public houses, says
the Liverpool Post. We have stUl the
sign of the pole for a barber, the black
boy for a tobacconist, the rod and fish
for a tackle dealer, the golden balls for a
pawnbroker, and some others; but for
merly almost all houses of business dis
played their signs, just as Inns and
taverns do now. Evidence of this fact -is
afforded by the imprint of almost any old
book published in the seventeenth cen
tury. Such books were generally either
printed or sold by an individual dwelling
at the White Hart, the Red Lion, the
Green Dragon, the Golden Tun, or some
such sign. Most of Shakespeare's works,
it may be noted, were first issued from
above, and situated In or near to St.
Paul's churchyard. The various devices
used as signs are of infinite variety and
varying degree of Interest,' from the
heads, or portraits, of modern political
naval or military celebrities, to such
signs as the Rose and Crown, the Fluer
de-Lys, the Spread Eagle, the Cross Keys,
our numerous arms, fantastically colored
animals of all . kinds, and many other
similar devices. Signs of the former kind
require little .or, no explanation; they are
usually modern and uninteresting vulgar
isms,: and their meanings are self-ap
parent. With signs . of the latter class,
however. - the .; case Is generally far dlf-
Xerent, and a search for their original sig-
Trade Signs.
The New York woman cashier who traveled the prim
rose path, struck life only in the high places/squandered
money and was. generally a^ "good fellow," ended her
erratic career as a defaulter in the sum of thirty-seven thou
sand dollars. It is only occasionally that the gentler sex
will consent to pose as an awful example to giddy youth;
but when it does it shines superbly in comparison.
The statistics of the army subsistence
department show some interesting sources
of supply. San Francisco supplied the
largest portion of the articles of the ra
tion and many sales stores. Chicago fur
nished the bulk of the salt meat and meat
products, while Kansas City and Omaha
were also drawn upon for packing-house
products. St. Louis furnished a few
articles which that market could most
economically supply. New York furnished
the ' greater portion of the articles for
sales to officers and enlisted men. The
policy of the subsistence department is to
purchase in the most advantageous mar
ket, considering cost and quality and the
Interests of the Government, and always
favors the home or local market, every
thing being equal. In pursuance of ¦ this
policy the following articles were pur
chased at Manila: French beef, fresh mut
ton, rice, potatoes, onions, teas, issue
sugar, ice, matches, butter, cheese, cigars,
clotheslines, ginger ale. Australian milk.
Pear's toilet soap, table salt, cut loaf
sugar, granulated sugar, powdered sugar,
Tansan water, toilet water, stewards'
stores for transports and exceptional
articles.— Omaha Bee. .'
"Army Supplies.
And scorn the papers who deigned to b« sold
May God bless his efforts, reward him, for it'*
An Honor to congratulate Eugene E. Schmltz
Three cheers for our Mayor, may he live to be
old. .
You tried to make the people swallow your lies.
You thought you could teach us to learn to
despise
The noblest of Mayors, the truMt. best man.
You might have abandoned this hopeless plan.
A DIVINE REBUKE.
Your noble work is ended, your man Is "strict
ly out,"
Thank goodness, the voters know what they're
about.
You* did your best to beat Schmltz, we don't
• thank you -
That he will rule our city for another year or
two.
The Call regrets that its literary page
for next week Is already in the forms, for
otherwise It would be delighted to place
the following- remarkable contribution,
from an unknown poet. In tho forefront of
the literary gems of the age:
THE defeat of Mr. Johnson in Ohio, his overwhelming
failure to spread himself over that State, to inoculate it
with the fads of which he proposed to make Cleveland
the victim, has a greater significance than an ordinary politi
cal reverse. He had made himself the chief champion of a
revolution in the function and purpose of government by
proposing that public ownership. and administration of all
public utilities should extend from municipalities to the Fed
eral Government itself.
In the course of his propaganda he rejected all precaution
and safeguard. Experience has shown the wisdom of the
law of Massachusetts, which is the law of England, that when
municipal ownership of a public utility is undertaken it must
begin by taking over to public ownership first the private
plant of that utility already in existence. This is in con
formity to justice. It is against public policy to destroy pri
vate property and obliterate capital invested without compen
sation, and it is unsafe for the more expensive public admin
istration of a utility to enter into competition with a more
economically managed private property. In addition to this
wholesome safeguard of the public interest is the other prim
itive and necessary obligation to leave the general fund of a
city free from the imposition of any burden imposed by pub
lic ownership of a public utility. This can be done only by
making the bonds that create such utility a lien on the plant
and not on the taxpayers.
But in these two prime principles Mr. Johnson threw all
prudence and caution to the winds and proposed to plunge
cities, States and the Federal Government into public owner
ship in competition with existing private plants and to put
the financial burden upon the taxpayers and not upon the
plants, ¦ -
Fortunately Ohio had the benefit of sore experience in
public ownership in Xenia, Columbus, Toledo and other
cities, and while Johnson was callous to the lesson the people
heeded it and wisely took it as a. guide. They rejected him
with a majority that should jolt even him back to a condi
tion of business sense.
The result is useful' here, where so many theorists are en
thusiastic to the verge of fanaticism on the subject of public
ownership. The known evils of private ownership were in
favorable contrast in Ohio with the known evils of public
ownership, and the people of .that. State will settle back to
the conservative position of wise and honest public regula
tion of public utilities .in private ownership and will, not
embark upon municipal trading except under the necessary
conditions of absence of competition and freedom of the tax
payer from any burden undertaken in behalf of public owner
ship. -
TOO MUCH JOHNSON.
Having discovered to her own satisfac
tion that ants are the breeders and dis
seminating agents of all noxious mi
crobes which destroy life, there Is In the
city a woman who sits for hours dally on
the hillsides of the Western Addition col
lecting ants. This lady carries two fruit
jars with her when she starts out to make
her collections. Into one jar she will
place the white ants and into the other
the brown ones. These little mites of
creation she picks up by the aid of a
pair of tweezers and places In the Jars.
When tired out with her laborious task
she returns to her home and empties the
contents of the Jars Into two larger fruit
jars, which she corks with glass stoppers,
thus confining the agents of life destroy
ers. In her hallucination on this subject
she believes that the white ants poison
the lungs and bring on tuberculosis, while
the brown ones convey typhoid and other
fevers destructive to the human family.
Her reason for placing them In the jars
and keeping them in confinement is that
it is the only way in which they are con
trolled and prevented from disseminating
the poison they contain. If burned, she
holds, the germs would be equally as de
structive In dust and ashes. How long
the demented woman has been engaged
in this harmless pastime is not known,
further than that the accumulation of
ants which she has collected fills four
quart jars.
A Friend of Mankind.
"That's what I did," flippantly retorted
the editor as he touched the bell. He was
yanked out of his chair and for five min
utes the indignant citizen mopped the
floor with him and finished by throwing
him In a heap In a corner.
A few minutes after the indignant citi
zen had left the bodyguard returned. He
pulled the editor to his feet and was
greeted with the remark in a feeble voice:
"Where in thunder have you been?
You're docked three dollars."
Happy In the consciousness that he was
amply protected against personal violence,
the editor continued to sling mud and
party feeling ran high. He received sev
eral calls from outraged citizens, but th©
bodyguard was always there at the tinkle
of the bell and saved him from punish
ment. The bodyguard fully earned his
salary of $3 per day.
No demand for retraction had been
made for two days and the bodyguard
thought he would have time to Join a
friend for half an hour in a saloon a few
doors from the newspaper office. While
he was gone an indignant citizen entered
the sanctum, and pulling a copy of the
paper out of his pocket, pointed to an
article and sternly asked: "Did you write
that?"
A well-known newspaper man got tired
of the strenuous life of the city and ac
cepted the position of editor of a paper
in a mining town. It was just prior to
an election and his instructions were to
sling mud, and lots of it. at the opposi
tion candidates. At his request he was
supplied with a bodyguard— a big, strap
ping Irishman, whose duty it was to sit
outside the sanctum while a visitor was
paying his respects to the editor and rush
in when he heard the editor's bell ring.
Mistakes Will Happen.
According to the most moderate calcu
lations the crystalline mountains sur
rounding the Mississippi basin on the
north and east (which constitute the old
est land in the world) began their work
of filling up the Mississippi basin about
30,000,000 years ago, and all that time has
been necessary to prepare America for Its
present remarkable leaps in civilization.
If In times past the same rate of erosion
has been in progress that is going on now
1.500,000 cubic miles of sediment has been
handled In this work of preparation. This
would make a mountain twenty mile«
wide and a mile high and ' 75 000
miles long, or enough to reach around
the world three times. Great as Is the
amount • of sedimentary rocks in the
world, so industrious and efficient are the
running streams dt water that it is cai
culated by Alfred Russell Wallace that
the entire work of its removal and deposi
tion could easily have been accomplished
in the limits set above to geological time
•>- •-. -•
What is going on thus at the present
time helpfl us to appreciate the vast ex
tent of similar work which was accom
plished during the long geologic ages. In
early geological time the whole Missis
sippi Valley, from the Rocky Mountains
to the Adirondacks, and the range of
\Archean rocks, extending southward to
North Carolina, was a vast open sea,
into which were pouring rivers from the
land on the east and the north which had
already risen above the sea. The«e
rivers, like those already described at the
present time, were bearing into this «ea
their burdens of sediment and spreading
it out over the bottom until It became
full. The Mislsslppi is but continuing- this
work in filling up the Gulf of Mexico. All
the rocks of the Mississippi Basin are of
sedimentary origin. Their total thickness
Is many thousand feet. The different
etrata lie one upon another, like the
leaves of a book, each containing some
fossil marks of life to indicate its relative
age.
The Euphrates and Tigris have filled up
the head of th e Persian Gulf with their
rediment until Ur of the Chaldes, the
former residence of Abraham, is now
seventy or eighty miles Inland. The delta
of the Mississippi is more than 200 miles
Jong, and, on the average, sixty miles
wide, covering 12.000 square mllfs; while
the deposits of the river are pushing it
out into the Gulf of Mexico one mile far
ther every sixteen years. Toward the
lower p ar t of it? course this sediment is
known to be several hundred feet In
<3frpth. The extensive plains of Eastern
and Southern China are all deposit* of the
Hoangbo and Yangste-Kiang. Outside
of the glaciated region in the northern
hemisphere all lake basins, with few ex
crptlons, have been filled to the brim with
pediment brought into them by incoming
streams, while in the glaciated region,
¦where the lifetime of the lakes has been
much shorter, they have been largely
filled with sediment, and so , are under
going a rapid process of extinction. The
¦western half of Lake Erie, for example,
will be converted Into solid land in a
few thousand years.
• .""> •'. , •
The rapidity with which these accumu
lations of sediment take place is some
what astonishing. Within historic times
w know that many famous cities which
were once seaports are now far inland.
The city of Adria. in Northern Italy,
wheih was at the beginning of the Chris
tian era so famous a seaport that it gave
its name to the Adriatic Sea, is now six
teen miles inland, the Po and the Adige
having extend**! their deltas that distance
since the city became famous. Paoto. on
• he Peiho, 5n China, was on the shore of
ti*m Yellow Sea 200 B. C. It is now forty
mi!e>s inland. A* late as 500 A. D. the sea
was eighteen miles nearer Tientsin than
it is no*. All along the head of the Tel
low Sea, into which great Chinese rivers
are flowing, c^he land is gaining on the
water at the } rate of about 100 feet per
annum. In approaching Shanghai, across
this pea. one rmeets the turbid water along
a clearly marked line forty or fifty miles
out from the ghore. So sharp is this line
that in crossing It half of the ship would
¦till be In the blue ocean water while the
other half is Wunging Into water made
turbid by the fent brought down by the
Hoangho.
When the question arises. What becomes
of all this sediment which is transported
Into the sea? the answer is not difficult to
find. The wash of the hills is constantly
being ppread out over the bottom of the
lakes, the bays and the seas into which
the rivers empty, ¦where are accumulating
the beds of mud, sand, gravel and peb
bles which under proper conditions may
he transformed into elatestone. sandstone
and conglomerate rock, while the lime
held in solution is furnishing material out
of which corals and fhellfish of various
kinds will construct th^ir personal habi
tations and leave thorn to form vast beds
of limestone rock.
Among the ecti\-e but often despised
agencies assisting running water in its
work of planing down the continents an
pleworms have a prominent place. This
they do by preparing the material and
making it accessible. Darwin has dis
cussed their work in a very Interesting
and conclusive manner. According to his
estimates there are on the average 26,000
angleworms to the acre, weighing 17b
pounds. So active are these animals In
working over the surface soil that they
annually to the surface about seven
tons of solid material, which is in condi
tion to be easily washed away by the fall
ing rains. From this it can be learned
that w«e should not de?pise the day of
f?ma}l' things, nor forget when we tread
en a worm that we are destroying an Im
portant geological agency. Numerous
other aids In preparing material for water
transportation exist, such as various
other forms of animal and vegetable life,
and the action of heat and cold In pulver
izing the rocks and of Ice In starting them
from their foundations. But these deserve
treatment by themselves and we will for
the present pass them by.
BT OEOHGE FREDERICK WRIGHT,
A. M., VU V.
• Author of "The Ice A«e In North America,"
"Man and th« Glacial Period." "Asiatic
Russia," «tc.)
Building New Laud.
tinent and in every country. *
A proper, comprehensive and comprehensible exhibit of
San Francisco at St.. Louis is a master step in the processes
by which we can draw to us the international enterprise of
the world and fix upon us the permanent attention of our
own hinterland. ...
The raised map proposed by Mr. Mills is a capital feature
as a foundation. The eye is caught by that which is graphic.
It prepares the mind for the study of details which are largely
statistical. In the same line is the moving picture, which
fascinates and attracts beyond any other method of graphic
illustration. By that means we can show the crowds and
life of our streets, the movement of" ships on the bay, the
flowing tide of trade on our docks; our industries in motion,
not only on our wharves and in our warehouses and manu
factories can be exhibited, but our rural industries, our lum
bering, mining and our harvests can be cast in motion upon
the screen. In like manner we can show our moral and edu
cational position among the cities of the world. The
church and school going crowds can move on the canvas to
show our devotion to the higher things of life, and as a back
ground our church and school architecture. As practically
a part of the life of this city our two universities can be en
listed in such an exhibit, and Berkeley on the campus and
Stanford on the quadrangle will make an impressive feature
in the great panorama.
With unity of effort this- city can make an impression that
nothing will efface. We will enjoy the advantage, too, of
having in every audience that will see it people who have
visited us. Our position on the highway around the world
has brought here in transit vast numbers from every nation,
largely of that class which will go to ft. Louis. Hundreds of
thousands of our own countrymen have seen us in our
actual life. No graphic illustration of this city can be shown
without meeting the vision of some of these, who will be our
vocal advertisers to certify, to all who hear, the fidelity of the
picture.
We should by no means omit to implead our climate. With
the facilities offered by Golden Gate Park and many of our
fine private grounds we should justify our claim of being a
winterless land by showing the January aspect of nature, the
tropical and semi-tropical flora that flourish here, the palms
and the bamboo and others which to all men express clem
ency of climate and the absence of harshness and rigor dur
ing the winter months. Such an exhibit gives vitality to the
official records of our temperature and sunshine.
Urged forward with energy this exhibit can give imperial
prominence to San Francisco and make this the most attract
ive city that will be before the world's eye at that great
parliament of combined civilization. P;^-:
THE mercantile bodies of this city have taken highly
commendable action to secure a proper exhibition of
our place in the commercial geography of the world
and of the use we have thus far made of our advantages.
There is much evidence that the geographical position of
a city is not all there is in determining its fate and future.
The trade relations of the Atlantic seaboard being with
Europe, New York has not the best location to take advan
tage of them. That was an attribute of Boston and that city
had a long start of- New York. But the hinterland of a city
plays a great part in its rise and progress. The building
of the Erie canal gave New York a direct connection with
the interior by a water line extending from the Hudson
River to the great lakes. It tapped for her the whole basin
east of the Mississippi River and made the shores of Lakes
Erie, Michigan and Superior her hinterland. As rapidly as
settlement overtook the wilderness in all that region its sur
plus products drained through the water line of communica
tion and the great point of exchange was established in
New York City, whose supremacy was assured by that con
quest of the transportation to her warehouses of the com
merce of a vast region.
Before railroads were thought of as practicable rivals of
waterways New York was advanced beyond any possible
rivalry. Boston, situated nearer to Europe with ample sea
port facilities, could not get to the West by water and drop
ped hopelessly behind her great rival. When railroads were
built they naturally sought such a placement as would enable
them to compete for trade already established, and every one
aimed at New York as its seaboard terminus. In the fur
ther development of her transportation system New York
tapped her rivals by rail, and Boston, Philadelphia and Balti
more became contributors to her supremacy and depended
upon commercial connection with her facilities for their own
progress.
It is shown beyond dispute by Mr. W. H. Mills that when
the isthmian canal is built San Francisco instead of losing
by her position will gain. We cannot penetrate our hinterland
beyond the mountains by canal, but we already reach it by
rail, and we should co-operate in fellowship and with
eager earnestness with our existing and all proposed railway
systems in every project that brings every point of commer
cial advantage in our transalpine region within reach of this
city by rail. Federal irrigation is to extend production in
that region. It is to plant productive farms where now is
the desert. It is to build towns, incite manufactures and
create industry which must have for its output an outlet by
sea. We should leave no expedient untried that will make
San Francisco that outlet. Our great commerce in the fu
ture is to be Asiatic. Let this city be to that trade what
New -York is to the trade of Europe. Let us attract hither
the international merchants and financiers, whose enterprise
seeks all over the planet the foci of commerce, on every con-
"The party broke up* In a hurry, but
several months later the couple again
appeared before the minister and all went
merry as a marriage bell until the hus
band-to-be was asked if he took the lady
to be his lawful wedded wife. No doubt
as a measure of retaliation he said 'No/
and when pressed for the reason said:
'Well, I've taken a sudden dislike to her/
"The couple patched up their differences
and once more repaired to the minister,
and this time they each agreed to take
the other for life partners.
"At this point the minister said: 'Well,
you can both go home, for I will not
marry you.' The surprised couple there
upon asked the reason for the minister's
decision and the latter replied: "Well.
I've taken a sudden dislike to both of
you.' "
"Probably the queerest matrimonial
venture that ever came to my notice."
said "Cupid" Danforth, the marriage
license man, "was that of the couple who
made three ineffectual attempts to get
married on tho same marriage license and
then gave it up in disgust. When the
couple came to me for the license they
both acted In a rather excited manner
and the young girl appeared to be an un
willing party to the proceedings. How
ever, they went away with the license
and the sequel to the affair was told to
me afterward by the minister who was
asked to tie the nuptial knot.
"It appears that the couple went
through the ceremony without a hitch
up to the time that the lady was asked:
'Do you take this man to be your wedded
husband?' After a long pause the lady
sharply said 'No.' When asked for her
reason she replied: 'Well, you see, I've
taken a sudden dislike to him.'
Comedy of Matrimony.
MORMON COURAGE.
Polygamy is an expression of social atavism, the recur
rence to a past and lower type. No doubt polygamy was a
great improvement upon the casual and entirely promiscuous
system which preceded it. But in the evolution of morals
and civilization monogamy has superseded it and a step back
ward is unthinkable.
The apostles may be sure of this, that no temporizing of
politicians, nor moral laxness, no desire for peace will per
manently restrain the American people from applying the
besom of their wrath to sweep polygamy out of Utah, though
to do it the doors of the temple have to be opened by can
non and the secret ceremonies behind its walls have to be
baned by the law. -hlX'-'
Whn Senator Frank Cannon, a Mormon monogamist, was
a candidate for re-election his church opposed him. This
opposition nagged him to desperation, and in a speech in
Salt Lake he denounced the hierarchy of his church for bad
faith with the Union in regard to polygamy. Of course that
cut him off from all chance of political preferment in Utah.
But it was a voice from the inside, an utterance from behind
the secret ceremonies of the church, that lie behind the
locked doors of the beautiful temple that is closed to all but
the faithful. Now the lapse of time, the constitutional inde
pendence of Statehood, success in controlling the politics of
Utah and Idaho and the hope to soon do the same in
Wyoming and Nevada and in New Mexico and Arizona, have
made the church bold, and Apostle Grant does not scruple
to confirm the charge of- Senator Cannon.
It presents a serious issue. It is. quite difficult to get the
American politician to consider an abstract question of mor
als as more important than the success of his party at the
next election. We are familiar with all the arguments in
favor of polygamy, that was divinely ordained for the Jews
and is the natural condition of man, and that the vices of a
monogamous people are pleaded as its excuse. The answer
is that the monogamous nations are the strong nations.
Among them art and science and civilization have had their
latest rise and their greatest advance. The polygamous and
polyandrous people? have halted in the march and lag hope
lessly behind. All this is in spite of the handicap of vice
and incontinence of which the Mormons have preached so
glibly.
The polygamous Mormons who were punished under the
Tucker-Edmunds law filed a valid claim to the respect of
men by frank admission of their guilt of plural marriage,
their patient acceptance of punishment, their obedience to
the law by selecting one wife and"their provision for the care
of the others and of their children. That feeling of respect,
deepening in some cases into sympathy, was the cause of the
tolerant sentiment which enabled the admission of Utah into
the Union. The first presidency of the church proclaimed
the end of polygamy, and it seemed as though the Mormon
community had put itself in line" with the sentiment of the
Union. Everybody was pleased to believe the issue closed,
for there is much about the Mormons, as a class and individ
ually, to attract the respect of their fellow citizens, and all
good men were glad that the obstacle to the free play of that
respect had been removed.
IT is an interesting coincidence that our reference to the
Mormon church in politics and its desire to fortify
polygamy by colonizing and controlling the intermoun
tain States was concurrent with the pro-polygamous speech
of Apostle Grant to the alumni of Utah University.., He
boasted frankly of his two wives and of his ambition to make
it three. - v./-;^'- ;V-£tf
But perhaps, after all, Jhe most remark
able and interesting thing about the cells
is that despite their Infinitesimal size and
stupendous number each Is a separate and
to some extent an independent being.
Each is a living creature, which is born,
grow*, reaches its prime, does its work,
reproduces others like itself and then dies.
Each cell has Its special duty, and In the
performance of that duty displays a cer
tain amount of what must be called In
telligence.
But the history of the individual cell,
birth, growth, reproduction and death,
we will discuss In another article.
To look at a tooth, for instance, one
would imagine It to be a solid, homogen
eous maps. Examined under a micro
scope, however, we find the tooth to be no
more homogeneous than a brick wall, be
ing constructed of hexagonal prisms
standing on end and firmly cemented to
gether, and presenting a surface not un
like a tiled floor. Those prisms are ar
ranged eo as to beet withstand the me
chanical strains to which they are sub
ject. They are so minute that It would
take many thousands of them placed end
to end to extend a distance of one inch.
The mucous membrane which, beginning
at the eyelids, nostrils, lips and other or
ifices of the body, lines its entire internal
surface, seems to the unaided eight and
touch a perfectly firm, smooth surface.
Kxamined under a microscope, however,
the mucous membrane is seen to consist
of cells of various shapes, arranged in
a kind of pavement ' like cobblestones,
Belgian blocks or tiling. .
The skin is closely allied to the mucous
membrane; in fact, both are formed of
what are called epithelial cells, modified
to suit their differing requirements. The
skin consists of several layers of epithe
lial cells, the outermost layer being called
the epidermis or cuticle, the Inner the
true skin or cutis. This lower layer of
the skin consists of living cells, which
are constantly being reproduced. These
cells as they grow older are pushed up
ward and outward by the newborn cells
beneath. The cuticle or outer skin, there
fore, consists merely of the dead or dying
epithelial cells, which have been displaced
by their own ungrateful offspring. In the
last stage of mummification these cells
are thrown off from the surface of the
skin. Friction or strain of any kind causes
the cells to retain their vitality longer,
hence the ekin at such points is thicker,
as. for instance, at the palm of the hand
and the sole of the foot.
* ' } *
To describe even thy little known about
the cells and their a^ivlties would fill a
volume. It may b* '.id briefly that each
organ and strue*-' t- of the body is com
posed of some jpu '?ular kind or kinds of
cells, the fot,n A^ vvhich is that best
adapted to thf work, to be done. Thus in
the teeth, as we have seen, and In bone
we have solid, brlckllke structures, firm
ly cemented into place, in the mucous
membrane an elastic pavement or tiling
and in the skin a complex system of self
renewing pavement, beautifully adapted
to meet the varied requirements of a pro
tective covering, a basis for the Insertion
of hair follicles and tactive nerve endings,
and a medium through which certain
glands, many millions in number, may
pour out through tiny tubes their secre
tions filtered from the blood.
The cell doctrine, In a word, Is the re
alization that all living bodies, both an
imal and vegetable, probably mineral,
too, for that matter, are merely clusters
of infinitely minute bodies, called cells.
These cells are for the most part so small,
so delicate and so translucent that they
can be studied only by one fully equipped
with microscope and other apparatus,
chemicals for staining and some degree
of technical skill. Therefore it is quite
natural that the average reader is sur
prised to learn that his body is no more
homogeneous than a stone house, a tiled
pavement or a river full of floating logs.
Naturally man's first conception of his
own body was that of a solid, non-divisi
ble organism. Just so the child's first
idea of a brick house is that it Is a solid
homogeneous whole. Later he learns that
the brick house is in reality a mass of
small particles fitted together and so
making up a perfect whole. And in the
same manner man, studying his own and
ether bodies with the old microscope, dis
covered m the early part of the last cen
tury that certain parts of the body were
made up of smaller bodies. And from
this modest beginning grew that splendid
system now known as the cell doctrine.
Tnunlty, Is one thing. In the truest sense
the body Is not one, but many— a compos
ite made up of millions of millions of
Email particles. These particles are called
cells. The body which seems bo solid and
indivisible is, in reality, nothing more nor
less than a mass of cells; and the life of
the body In all Its many manifestations
is merely the result of the aggregate ac
tivities of the cells forming It. So far
from being a solid unit the body may
rather be likened to a vast army of work
ers divided into regiments and corps, each
division having its special duty. Each
division Is composed of countless millions
of individuals. Take, for instance, the
carriers of the body, the erythrocytes, or
red blood cells, each of which is 1-3200 of
an Inch in diameter. In a cubic inch of
blood there are 70,000,000,090 of these min
ute bodies. In the body at any one time
there are about thirty millions of mil
lions (30,000,000,000,000) of these workers.
So much for one of the smallest of these
divisions!
SAN FRANCISCO AT ST. LOUIS.
nificance, often much obscured by the
mists of antiquity, is usually an Interest-
Ing one.
r A Great Work,
One of the most extensive, successful
and Interesting philanthropies In the
world is that conducted by Dr. Barnardo
in London. Dr. Barnardo is devoting his
life to the rescue and training of destitute
children. He Is the executive head of a
great incorporated society, founded by
himself, which has dealt with over 50.000
street waifs. The society receives only
children who are absolutely destitute. Tho
children are trained In the society's homes
or placed In private families. A careful
record Is kept of the career of every child,
and the books of the society show that
an overwhelming majority of the rescued
¦waifs become self-supporting, respectable
members of society. The records show
that less than 3 per cent of the children
go to the'bad, 10 per cent fall to maintain
themselves, 30 to 40 per cent become trust
worthy servants or laborers, 40 per cent
become successful farmers or mechanics
and 6 to 10 per cent enter the professions.
These figures furnish convincing proof of
the social value of Dr. Barnardo's rescue
work.
r A New Departure.
Application has been recently made by
A. H. Gilmore, formerly business man
ager of one of the papers at Newport
News, to cover an Invention worked out
by that gentleman by which he says
he can Increase the speed of steam ves
sels by about double at one-half tfie
operating cost. He proposes to put the
propellers In the bow instead of the
stern. This will necessitate some
change In the lines of such boats as com
pared with those at present in vogue, and
until his ideas are fully protected by pat
ents, Mr. Gilmore refuses to give the de
tails. He says: "It Is a well-known fact
that it is easier to pull a cart than to pu»n
it. Why does not the same apply to ves
sels? I know that it does. I have experi
mented with a small craft in the waters
around Newport News and have found
that there are excellent grounds for my
statement." After securing his patent*
Mr. Gilmore will Immediately arrange for
the construction of a boat on the lines of
his Invention and make public demonstra
tions.
Cupid's Worthy Servant.
The Rev. David Hogan of Vernon Coun
ty, Missouri, must pretty nearly hold the
belt In Missouri as a marrying parson, ac
cording to the Kansas City Journal. He
wedded his ten hundred and seventh
couple near Deerfleld last week. The Rev.
Mr. Hogan Is 92 years old. He first went
from Tennessee to Missouri in 1S32, and
has lived there constantly since 1S59. He
has been a minister In the Cumberland
Presbyterian church since 1S35. and deliv
ered the first sermon ever preached In
Vernon County in an old building which
was used for several years as a school
house, church and courthouse. Despite
his great age Mr. Hogan still preaches
occasionally, and as he Is in great de
mand for weddings In Vernon County and
has good health he will probably add a
gcod many more marriage ceremonies to
his record before he dies.
Literary Anniversary.
A few of the ultra-literary of London
celebrated a unique anniversary a few
weeks ago. It was on October 15. In the)
year 1764, that Gibbon conceived the Idea
of the "Decline and Fall" aa he sat mus
ing amid the ruins of the capltol at Rome,
"while the barefooted friars were singing
vespers In the Temple of Jupiter." Twen
ty-three years later, on June 27. 17S7, be
tween the hours of 11 and 12 at night, the
last lines of the last page were written
in a summer-bouse in his garden at Lau
sanne.
'Answers to Queries.
THE SAN RAFAEL— J. R. R., City.
The steamer San Rafael was run Into by
the Sausallto and sunk November 30,
1901.
SUIT FOR DAMAGES— N. N.. City. Aa
to the right to sue a railroad company
in Colorado for damages received in 1S3S,
the party Interested should consult a re
putable attorney. This department will
give the law, but not legal advice.
GREEN OLIVES-Subscriber, City.
This department has not the space to de
scribe the method of preserving green
olives. The State Horticultural Bureau.
Sacramento, has published a treatise on
that subject and can no doubt furnish
you a copy thereof.
STAGE LINKS— J. S. K.. San Jose.
There are three ways to reach Marlposa
by stage. From Raymond, twenty-six
miles; from La Grande, thirty-two miles,
and from Merced, forty-six miles.
THE CHURCH MURDERS-Q. D. S..
City. The murder of the two girls In a
church on Capp street occurred in April,
1895. The body of one was discovered in
the church parlor on the 13th of that
month and the body of the other was
found In the belfry on the following day.
TO TAMALPAIS— T., City. The ascent
to the top of Mount Tamalpals.for those
who desire to walk, can be made by
either the Mill Valley or the Ross Val
ley trail. The last named Is about ten
miles in length by a zigzag, easy ascend
ing grade. The other is shorter, but much
steeper.
SOLDIER'S RIGHTS-A. O. S.. City.
A man who served in the Civil .War and
was honorably discharged has the right
to take up Government land. The time
that he served In the war. It not less than
ninety days, shall be deducted from the
time usually required to perfect title but
no patent shall Issue to any settler who
has not resided upon, improved and cul
tivated his homestead for a period of at
least one year after he shall have com
menced his improvements.
Townsend's California glace fruits and
candies, 60c a pound, in artistic flre
etcbed boxes. A nice present for Ea«»m
friends. 715 Market st.. above Call bld|. •
Special Information supplied dally to
business houaes and public men by tb«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen" a) 230 Calll
lornia itre«t. Telephone Main iO4£ •
THE FAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 1903.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor. . . ... . ... * .. . . Address All Commtmications to, JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Office <J^^^^> Third and Market Streets, S. F.
SATURDAY • .NOVEMBER 7, 1903
8
INSTRUCTIVE STUDIES
BY NOTED MEN AND
WOMEN
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMESROME, Nov. 6.— The Government has or
dered toe beginning of the work of construe*
tion of the extraordinarily powerful wireless
telegraph station for the establishment of
communication between Italy and the Argen
tine republic.
Paul Steindorff,' the popular leader of
the Tlvoli orcheetra, will be given a bene
fit at. the' theater on. the evening of Nor
vember ifi. It will be known as "Stcinr
dorff night": and will undoubtedly attract
many friends of the well known leader.
Benefit to Steindorff.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 6.— The following
Californians have arrived at the hotels:
Willard— Tom C. Grant, Miss Grant, San
Francsico. Raleigh— H. F. Barber, A. E.
Wellington, San Francisco.
Californians in Washington.
This Is the last day of the special
price sale of shopworn gas ranges by S.
F. Gas and Electric Co., 415 Post st. *
U'ilfred J. Stewart, a negro "cook,
formerly employed on the steamship St
Paul, filed a libel in the United States
District Court yesterday against the
Alaska Commercial Company to recover
$€5, balance alleged to be due on his
wages.
Libel for- Wages.
No charge for lettering your name in
gold on pocket books, card and letter
cases, cameras, traveling sets, trunks,
valises, dress suit cases and other fine
leather goods purchased at our store.
Sanborn. Vail t'Co., 741 Market street. •
The California Promotion Committee Is now
taking- eteps to correspond! with all members of
the National Butter-makers' Association and to
cend them literature upon California and upon
thf> dairying Industry- in this State, so that
they may be informed of what they will see Jn
Cayfornia.
A letter has been sent by the California
Promotion Committee and the California
Creamery Operators' Association to dairy
men In all parts of this State in which
it is set forth that a strong effort will be
made to have the National Buttermakers'
Convention held in San Francisco in 1905,
and that from 6000 to 10,000 uuttermakers
are expected to attend^ the convention.
The letter in part is as follows:
It is hoped that a strong representation of
California dairymen may fce made in St. Louis
and that the dairymen of California may meet
the delegates to the National Butter-makers'
Association at the St. Louis convention and ini
prefs upon them the desirability of California
for 1905. If the number of those desiring to go
to £t. Louis Ik 6Ufncient it will be profitable to
engage a special train to take the California
dairymen to the exhibition city, so that a cam
paign may be the more successfully waged for
the convention. All those who are interested
are requested to at once communicate with
William H. Saylor. secretary of the California
Creamery Operators' Association, at the office
of the State Dairy Bureau, 114 California
street. Ban Francisco.
It is r.t <;i-j>;iry to take immediate steps to se
cure a strong California representation at St.
Lculs during the convention of the butter-mak
ers, sicce much preliminary work must be done
In the way of securing desired concessions, all
of -which xriil be based on the showing that
California will make. Arrangements will then
be made as to date, expense of trip, hotel ac
commodations, etc.
Two Organizations Striving to Bring
National Buttermakers' Conven
tion to California in 1905.
URGE DAIRYMEN TO SEND
A STRONG DELEGATION
The committee in charge of the enter
tainment held a meeting yesterday after
noon to discuss the plans. At a former
meetlnsr It was decided that the perform
ance should be held at the new Tlvoli
Opera-house, but as the structure will not
be completed in time the committee made
arrangements for the Grand Opera-house.
J. C. Stoddard, the veteran actor, will
appear in his famous "production, "Bonnie
Briar Bush." All thq members of the
Liquor Dealers' Association will make a
personal canvass of the city in the in
terest of the performance an.l feel con
fident that it will be successful.
The liauor dealers of the city have
planned a monster charity benefit to be
given at the Orand Opera-house on
Thursday evening, December 17. The pro
ceeds of the entertainment will be de
voted to the various charitable organiza
tions In the city and no effort will be
spared to make the benefit performance
a successful one.
Benefit Performance Will Be Pro
duced at Grand Opera-House
on December 17.
LIQUOR DEALERS PLAN
CHARITY ENTERTAINMENT
The grip bacillus is the smallest mi
crobe yet discovered which affects man.
Next Friday evening" the union will
listen »o an Illustrated address on "The
I"niQU» Native Customs and Institutions
of India." by C. F. Saldanha, a. Brahmin
of distinction.
President Dr. D'Evelyn also addressed
the gathering and a pleasing programme
of music was rendered by Homer Henley,
Charles Henley, Miss Pauline Olcovich.
Miss Amanda Corcoran and Mrs. William
Jenkins.
Hamilton Wright spoke on "The" Com
mon Interest of the British and American
I'nion of California and the California
Promotion Committee," and handled the
EQhject with ffood effect.
Hugh Craig delivered an interesting ad
dress on "The Myths and Traditions of
the Maories of New Zealand and Their
Civilization by the British." which was
listened to with great pleasure by the
audience.
Professor Bernard Moses of the Philip
pine Commission, who was to have de
livered an address last evening at the
meeting of the British and American
I'nion, in the Academy of Sciences build-
Ing, was prevented at the last moment
from being present. Although there was
great disappointment at the absence of
Professor Mos*s the officers of the union
presented a good programme.
BRITISH AND AMERICAN
UNION ENTERTAINS
Professor B. Moses Is Unable to Be
Present to Deliver the Ad
dress.
Tries to Kifle Telephone Box.
J. D. Collins, a Jeweler, residing at 1042
Howard ttreet, was arrested last night and
booked at the City Prison for an alleged
attempt to commit burglary. He is charged
by an employe of Dunn Bros., Stockton
and Ellis streets, of having attempted to
rifle the telephone box. . Collins was
caught in the act and was turned over
to a police officer.
THE sixth costumed operatic re
cital by the pupils of the Greven
Oper.-Uic School was given last
evening at Native Sons' Hall, on
Mason street, in the presence of
an audience that completely filled the
buildlnj.
The programme presented was a varied
one. consisting of selections from comic
and grand operas. The pupils. In many
instances, showed that they possessed
dramatic as well as vocal power, : and
some of them are more than likely ito be
heard of prominently in the vocal world.
The hit of the evening was made by
Mips Zita Clare Fahey in selections from
! Thomas' opera, "Mignon." Miss Fahey
possesses a contralto voice of great purity
and strength, and her upper register is
remarkably clear and bell-like. In addi
tion fro the qualities of her voice Miss Fa
hey gives every promise of becoming
prominent as an actress, and she was
rewarded with considerable applause.
Miss Mabel Jackson Christes demon
strated herself to bo a soprano of merit
and sang the difficult aria from "The
.Marriage of Figaro" with brilliant exe
cution and effect.
Mrs. Edward Burns, In selections from
"Pirates of Penzance" won applause by
her pleasing vocalization, her soprano
voice being very sweet and clear. The
entire programme was well rendered and
reflected great credit on those who took
part and on their teacher, J. Greven.
The programme as rendered was as fol
lows:
"Ramses," intermezzo Etyptlenne, Tony
Stanford. San FYanclsco Conservatory Orches
tra: T. D. Herzog, conductor; piano, Mrs. W.
A. Ardlng; violins — Edna MilU-r. Gladys Couth,
Marie Abtillo, Georsre Laushlln, C. Valentine,
Lucille liarellles. Maud Eastln. GuRtave S.
Garlssere, Julius Goldsmith, J. Zeckler; 'cello
and basso — Guh YVidder, A. "W. Ardinjf; flute,
I)r. Strickland; cornet, Horace Appleton.
Maritana scene (Batfe), (a) solo illaritana).
Miss Carrie Mark*; fb> solo (Lazarillo), Miss
Oenevievo Haniendfng; (c) duet. Tyrolean
Mountain Scene oelected); <a) solo of "Marie,"
M1S9 Marguerite Lynch; (b) solo of "Sepp,"
Miss AgJirs I-tyrnca; <c) duet, (a) Two favorite
operatic contralto solos. Mrs. Marie Lueders;
(b) Mikauo and other soprano selection, Ml£3
Hat tit- Kraut#rill; (c) Mikado and other con
tralto selection. Miss Annette Godfrey; (d)
Pirate* of Penzance, Valse Song- and Cham
pagne Sonr, Mrs. Edward Burns. Scene
adapted from Boccaccio (Suppe) and extras
from opera and concert — Flametta, Miss Lillian
Beanston; Peronella, Miss Hazel Pitcher; Boc
caccio, Mrs. May Gronenberg. Two orchestral
selections, the San Kranclsco Conservatory Or
chestra (conductor, T. D. Herzog); (a) Dance
of the Song Birds, BenJ. Richmond; (b) con
cert selections, (a) Air from Robert le Dia
ble (Meyerbeer), (b) Vol che Sapete, Le Xozze
dl Figaro (Mozart), Miss Mabel Jackson Chris
tes. • Mignon, fragments from act I and II (A.
Thomaf), Mies Zlta Fahey. (a) Tannhauser,
Greeting the Hall (R. Wagner), (b) Klsa's
Dream (R. Wagner), (c) Moderato from Lucia
air (Donizetti), Mrs. Lenore Greven. "II Tro
vatore," fragments from acts II, III and IV
(Verdi) — Azucrna, MlM Maude Crabtree; Man
rico, J. K. Erlcson. At the piano, Joseph
Greven. ¦
Greven School Recital
Attracts a Large
Attendance.
At a meetinc of the San Francisco
Labor Council last night it was decided
to boycott the F. Thomas dyeing and
cleaning establishment. This was done
at the request of the Dyers' and Cleaners'
Union till the firm accedes to several
minor demands made by the union. The
Carriage and Wagon Workers' Union
asked that the council boycott H. H.
Holmas. a carriage maker. The matter
was laid over until the next mettlng.
Labor Council Declares Boycott.
TALENTED YOUNG WOMAN
WHO SANG AT THE GREVEN
RECITAL.
Mrs. S. Lasky and her daughter.
Blanche, are making a short visit, after
a year and a half's absence in the East,
and will be glad Jo receive their friends
from 1' to 5 p. m. on Tuesday, November
10, at 812 Hyde street.
Mrs. John L.. Bradbury has returned
from an extended trip East and is at her
home, 1719 Pacific avenue.
The Harry Bostwicks are now In Korea.
An unfortunate accident occurred to
Mrs. Kruttschnitt yesterday afternoon at
Polk and Sutter streets. She was about
to step off an inbound Sutter-etreet car
to transfer to a Polk-street car when sBe
fell. She was taken to a drug store and
there joined by her husband, who had her
removed to their residence, 2623 Pacific
avenue.
Mrs. Kruttschnltt's injuries are not seri
ous, as they consist of contusions.
The Army Ladies' Card Club was en
tertained by Mrs. C. R. Kranthoff in her
most artistic apartments at the Colonial
Hotel Tuesday afternoon. The members
present were: Mrs. Baker, Mrs. Berk
himer, Mrs. Coolidge, Mrs. Devol, Mrs.
Dutton, Mrs. Geary, Mrs. Handburyi
Mrs. Kirwin, Mrs. Kendall, Airs. Lewis.
Mrs. Llndsey, Mrs. Markeley, Mrs. Mar
shall, Mrs. Maus, Mrs. Overton, Mrs.
Patterson, Mrs. Patten, Mrs. 'Payson,
Mrs. Woodbury. Mrs. Van Orsdale, Mrs.'
Breckinridge, Mrs. Dean, Mrs. Carrard,
Mrs. Halstead, Mrs. Todd, Mrs. An
drews. At the guests' table were: j Mrs.
Dunn, Mrs. G. Carr, Mrs. George Weir,
Mrs. Douglas Settle. The next meeting
will be on Tuesday, November 17, at
Mrs. Payson's, 1923 Webster street.
The annual bazaar for the benefit of
the Buford Kindergarten will be held
this afternoon at the home of Mrs. Harry
Durbrow, 2308 Jackson street.
The doors will be open to-day from 2
to 11 p. m. There will be vocal num
bers this afternoon, and dancing this
evening for the pleasure ,of the guests,
while the sale goes busily on.
The bazaar for the benefit of the Maria
Kip Orphanage, which opened at the
home of this worthy institution, Seventh
avenue and Lake street, yesterday, is
meeting with gratifying success. Tables
for dolls, aprons and Christmas gifts are
presided over by the members of the board
of lady managers, while popular young
girls present other attractions. Miss
Newell Drown, Mies Edna Davis and the
Misses Langhorne, a table of fancy goods;
Miss Porter. Miss Kindred and Miss Sar
gent are In charge of the fish pond; Mrs.
Simonds and the Misses Simonds of Mare
Island have the candy booth.
The rummage sale for the benefit of the
San Francisco Nursery for Homeless
Children will come to a close to-day. The
eal£ is taking place at 37 Fourth street.
Mrs. George D. Toy and Miss Toy gave
their first at home of this season yester
day afternoon. The ¦ drawing - rooms
of their new residence, 1S06 vallejo
street, were made charmingly ar
tistic with large clusters of white
chrysanthemums and a profusion of
foliage. About seventy-five friends were
hospitably entertained during the after
noon and they also welcomed Mrs. Har
vey M. Toy, who recently came from the
East, the bride of George D. Toy"s
son. The second reception day will be
next Friday.
Miss Jeanette Hooper gave her first
reception yesterday afternoon at her
home, Laguna and Clay streets. The
hostess was assisted by Mrs. , Albert Mc-
Kee, Mrs. Henry Oscar Beatty, Mrs. Ed
mund Baker, " Mrs. ChaHes Morrison
Woods, Miss Florence Starr, Miss Ethel
Parker, Miss Isabel Hooper, Miss Evelyn
Norwood, Miss Grace McCormick and
Miss Gebrgle Lacy.
Mrs. William T. Dutton gave a recep
tion yesterday afternoon at her home on
Pacific avenue in honor of her debutante
<]aughter, Miss Gertrude Dutton. Miss
Dutton was warmly received by her
mother's many friends and will
certainly be a popular bud. The
receiving hours were from '4 to 6,
during which many callers were
entertained. Those who assisted in re
ceiving were: Mrs. Grayson Dutton, Mrs.
Harry Bates, Mrs. Thomas Bcnton Dar
ragh, Mrs. Henry Foster Dutton, Mrs.
Samuel Buckbee, Miss Maylita Pease,
Miss Pearl Landers and Miss Edna Mid
dleton. •
SOCIETY PAYS
RESPECTS TO
NEW ARRIVALS
John Demanne, a waiter, who has been
employed in the various French restau
rants in the city, while a passenger on the
steamer Redondo, bound from Los An
geles, became suddenly Insane and tried
to commit suicide. He was restrained by
Captain Tallaksen until the vessel arrived
in this city, when he was turned over to
the authorities. He will be examined by
Dr. McGettigan this morning. He Is now
confined in a cell at the detention hospital
for the Insane at the City Hall.
Passenger Becomes Insane.
E. A. Er.gleberg. a lumber dealer of
this city, and who until two years ago
was vice president of the of Till
mann & Bendel, was arrested at the ferry
building last evening while attempting
to murder his wife. The lumberman had
drawn a revolver and was about to use
it when Policeman James Cook seized
his hand and prevented a tragedy. En
gleberg was then taken Into custody and
two charges were entered against him at
the Central Police station— one of as
sault to murder and another of carrying
concealed weapons. Engleberg had two
weapons on his person and was drunk.
Engleberg married his present wife
about twelve years ago. She was a Mr6.
Dugan For some time they have been
residing in Sausalito. Life during the
last few years, has not been tranquil,
owing to the fact that both drank. Yes
terday Mrs. Engleberg came to the city
in the morning and her husband fol
lowed her about noon. He consumed
much, liquor during the afternoon and
says he followed his wife about the city
and to* the ferry as she was about to
catch the 5:15 boat.
Policeman Cook's attention was first
attracted by a woman's shriek. lie ob
served Mrs. Engleberg rushing In- the
direction of the gate and an instant aft
erward her husband rushed after her.
Cook started toward the -pair and saw
Engleberg draw a revolver from his
pocket, point it at the woman and try
to seize her. Then the policeman grasped
his hand and disarmed him. Mrs. Engle
berg cried that her husband had another
weapon, and when he was searched this
¦was found to be true. From a conver
sation which followed in angry tones the
cause of the difficulty was learned.
Engleberg told the policeman he had
followed his wife during the day and had
found her In the company of other men.
This exasperated him and he proposed to
kill her. At the City Prison he attributed
all of the difficulty to drunkenness. Mrs.
Engiebcrg insisted upon being left alone,
snd te»!d the policeman that she proposed
to separate from her husband and would
shortly bring action for divorce. She was
permitted to go on her way, and took
the next boat for Sausalito.
The robbers then ran down Sutter
street, followed by their victim, who w«.s
shouting an alarm. Policeman Brady re
sponded first, then several other guar
dians of the peace answered police whis
tles, and before several blocks had been
covered an excited mob rushed after the
highwaymen. The latter turned Into
Montgomery street and after quite a race
succeeded in disappearing down California
street. A thorough search was made of
the neighborhood, but they could not be
found. The police have good descriptions
of the two men.
According to the story told by Dr. Far
ley, he went into one of the saloons on
Grant avenue about 2 o'clocK in the morn
ing with a friend to get a drink. He no
ticed that two nesroes observed him when
he took a purse from his back pocket and
extracted sufficient money to pay the bar
tender. After he left the place the ne
groes followed, and when he had gone but
a short distance they caught up with him.
Their first request was for 25 cents with
which to purchase supper. This request
wa.s refused, whereupon the two thieves
crowded him into a doorway and took the
purse from his pocket.
Two burly negroes held up and robbed
Dr. J. Farley of S19 Market street near
the corner of Grant avenue and Sutler
street early yesterday morning. After
the«crime had been committed the phy
sician pursued the thieves for several
blocks, and the chase became txcitlng
after several police officers and many citi
zens had joined In it. The robbers made
their escape on Montgomery street. The
detective department now has charge of
the case.
Forest n'. Mrs J. J. F>o»i:i* and Mrs. I>.
T\";r.c: civics, Mrs. Ge*>rr* W. Terrlll: eiiu
c£tion. llr*. John M. Fletcher: Callforr.ia his
r ry srd landmark!", Mrs. Ijeonzni Btocklng-;
H-jr- exteaston. Mrs. R. P. Hill; libraries and
portfolios. Mrs. S. Patch; household eoono
nir«, Mrs. T. W. Hir:?; reclDrr«ctty bureau,
'¦ ¦ R. AJ"!; federation pin. Miss Bernlce
Soovfilc; civil servi<«, Ml5« A&ncs Howe; port-
V.'. *ork. Mrs. J. TV. Orr; picture study.
iliss Kather.ne M. Ball; Juvenile court. Dr.
I • ir thea Moore.
As a. result of the election, which was
¦ -nfiucted with the neatness and dispatch
of a "racked'* convention. Mrs. Osbourne
irai re-elected vice president of the dis
trict. Mrs. C. Mason Kinne on the noml
r.atin? committee and Mrs. Bertha Bro-
Fius on the credentials committee.
The work of the convention over, the
delegates and visitors became the guests
of the California C!ub at an Informal re
ception In the tearoom.
Th« work extended from bearing good
":h:r.ps for hospital sufferers to the cam
; iijrr.? for establishment of the juvenile
covt nrnl the paving of poor old Tcle
grapn IV.'A. As a club that "does things."
clearly The California led the rest, many
of- which have been organized for social
iirnpfits and others for Ftlf-culture.
The afternoon Fession was one of vital
interest, when the chairwomen of the
leading BecUona gave five-minute talks, as
fdllowz:
EXTENT OF THE WORK.
_RoU call of <le;^ S atcs by Mrs. Arthur
« . Cornwall showed twenty-three out of
• twenty-five clubs of the district rrpresent
ed, tn whom Mrs. L. F. Darling, the State
jiresHent. extended a glowing greeting.
As this was the first opportunity of many
. ciubwomen to meet their executive officer,
the presentation* were mutually agree
• Then came those wonderful two-minute
talks by the club presidents, as follows:
OMrtrga— Civics Club. Mrs. Amy Harris
rrpfiiier.t. ' j
Eurc-kn— IV.terary Imorovrment Club. Mrs '
K!!a Rabbins, president: Monday Club. Mrs. 1
.r.arrfs Wrl-cr^n. PMSlO>Ot.
Xaja— .Study Club, Mrs. Frank Clark, prr«i- I
. dint. |
: Pa!« Alto — Wcrr.a.-.* C:ub, Mrs. C. H. Gil- :
bertt i-rtficmt.
. PfctihtniJi DtiWtth c-.ub, Mir. G^orr* B<*ck
• •«4 V .. prest&e&t: STomaa'j Club. Mrs. J^fca
. Fr'tsch. rr<>ident.
- San FTar.c;«->-) — CEl.frrr.ia flub. Mrs. George
I<s»-Jffi!ih. president: CUooiaa <"iib. Mrs. W. {
T. GoriiaRi. prt*s;'l<>r.t . •' intern porary C7ub. {
Mr*. IWtha Bro*ius. president; «'<>rT.na Club.!
, Mr? E. O. Deoaiston, resident; Daughters
_< f. Etoneen C!ub. Miss Uidc F. Adsns, pr**l- I
rt^r.t; F' ":n f.uh. Mr«. Henry Payot, rr??i- I
¦ d<>r.t; I^aur^I Iia!l ••'.uh. Mrs. Oeorre WT. !
¦ }iai^-!:t. preslAent; Mills < ;jb. Mrs. J. F. Me- j
. GanJejr, president; Pacific < - ->a*t Woman'*'
l-r*sj> '."I-jb, Mrs. K. Pinr.ey. president; Papy
ms Club, Mr«. C. Ma>on K-.r.r.c president" :
: f -.Mh «-iiib. Mrr. Julius Kahn. presldpnt:
Sf-h-Jir.ann <T-jb. Mrs. E. J. F. s:«r. rrt'si'lent;
¦ H ro*is Clots Mrs. L. L. Dtmbar. rresident;
'* WteKximghsti <Ti:b, Mrs. J. B. Fuller. pre?i
- i^Tit. ' . ,
. s f.mn Jos* — Woman's r"'Jb, Mrs. VT. C. Kon- I
, r.dr. president.
. .- : ¦ ir.a — Sonon-.a Vall.-y Irr.provenier.t Club, I
Mrs Martha st^nf. DresMcnt,
. Wat* r.vii>- Woman's '"lub. Mrs. B. F. I
•fance. jiresWent.
. • Through a motion to extend her tim*»,
. rjre. Oeorge I^aw Smith 5poke fifteen
tninutea vpor. the work— "work" was the
«n rd used, and used advisedly — of the dif
ferent sections of the California Club.
TWENTY-THEEE CLUBS.
• The veriest antagonist o£ women's clubs
would have become a. veritable protago-
Illat had he been present yesterday at the
California Clubs roome. when the San
rraruisco district of the California Fed
eration cf Women's Clubs met la annual
convention.
The day's work opened at 10:25 a. m. in
the Y. M. C. a. building with an Invoca-
Joa. The prayer was to have been ea!4
I y Mrs. s. B. Mills, president of Mllla
ollege. but i!!ness prevented her attead
-::_e. Ur.cauated. the ladies hastened to
-Mr. McCoy, secretary cf the Y. M. C. A..
:n his cfflc« below, and, as Invocations
fa.re Quite In his line, he kindly consented
to o!T-;r the prayer.
The address of welcome was given by
Mrs. A. E. osbourne. vice president of the
..:.-irict. Mrs. Osbournes words reflected
a charming personality, as well as a close
sympathy with and knowledge of the
clubs of her district. Then followed the
welcoming addresses of the club hostesses,
Mrs. QeorgC Lew Steith, Mrs. Julius
Kahn and Mrs. Robert Wallace. And thus
were the d<--leg-ates quadruply welcomed.
>Irs. Catharine Kinghain. a delegate.
made a charming reply, and thus were
the prrtty r.r» iin-.inuri.-s over. But the
trials of Mrs. C. Mason Kir.ne, the official
timekeeper and referee for the rules of
parliamentary law, were about beginning,
for two minute* was the maximum allow
ed each qwaker. and how can a woman
Bay all she w.ir.:* to in two minute*? But
the gavei came down unfalteringly at the
or.d of those f!\o minutes, without regard
lor rar.k or beaut v.
Mrs. Lang followed him several blocks.
She reported the matter to the police
and gave them a good description of the
man.
She rushed back to find the purse and
claims she saw a young man yick it up.
Although she accused him of having
picked up the purse h«» refused to return
anything but a memorandum book whicb
was in the purse. He denied having found
anything else.
She reported the matter to the police.
The bag contained jewelry valued at
$1500, comprising six gold rings with dia
monds, pearls, opals and ; emeralds; a
diamond and pearl brooch, several gold
baby buttons and an order for $25 en the
firm of Kohler & Chase, music dealers.
Mrs. Duffy lives with Miss S. Ward at
1362 Hayes street.
Mrs. William Lang of 1710 Golden Gate
avenue was running for a car at Devis
adero and McAllister streets and dropped
her "purse containing diamond rings val
ued at $750.
A hurried search failed to reveal the
missing article. , No one was in sight but
two women runnins for a car. One of
them, Mrs. Duffy says, must have found
the bag, for they were the only ones
around.
Mrs. D. M. Duffy, wife of Attorney
Duffy, was wheeling her baby down
Hayes street, near Devisadero, when the
child cried for her chatelaine bag. She
gave it to the baby and proceeded a
short distance, when she noticed It was
gone.
Between 4 and 5 o'clock yesterday aft
ernoon two women lost jewelry valued
In the neighborhood of $2250 with a ra
dius of two blocks.
Thieves Trail" Dr. J. . Farley
From a Saloon and
Hold Him Up.
Mrs. Osbourne I3 Re-elected
Vice President of the
District.
Shriek of Woman Alarms a
Foliceman Who Saves
Her Life.
Two Women and a Man Are
Suspec.ed of Picking
Them Up.
Mrs D. M. Dufiy and
Mrs. William Lang
Drop Valuables.
Delegates Representing
Many Organizations
Attend.
B. A. Engleberg Draws
Revolver at Ferry
Building.
Daring Early Morning
Crime in Heart
of City.
BURLY NEGROES
ROB PHYSICIAN
LOSE JEWELS
IN THE STREET
HUSBAND TRIES
TO SHOOT WIFE
WOMEN'S CLUBS
IN CONVENTION
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY.. XpTEMBER 7. *I903.
PUPILS GIVE
SELECTIONS
FROM OPERAS
Selling out this week. 81 4th St.. front
of barber. Best eyeglasses, specs, 20-60c.»
9
P0STU5I CEREAL.
POINTS TO YOU
How Coffee Sets Its Grip and" Is
Never Suspected.
Jt is surprising how many people never
suspect that coffee la causing all their
trouble until they are finally knocked out
or some disease caused by coffee has be-
come chronic and almost incurable.
Even In chronic cases the chances are
a shift from coffee to Postum Food Coffee
will build the eick one up and In time ef.
feet a cure.
Sometimes this happens with surprising
promptness. A lady of Syracuse, Neb.,
rays: "LaFt eprtng a year ago my doctor
to'.d me I would have to stop drinking
coffee. I had heart trouble bo bad that
the least excitement would cause me to
choke up so I could scarcely get my
treath, and I was so nervous I could not
bear to have the children move around
the house.
"Doctor told my husband to gret Postum
for me, but before he did bo we moved to
the country ar.d I fell back on milk and
water, but even such exertion as climb-
ing a Cight of stains caused my heart to
f:urt me bo I would feel sick and faint.
"This continued all summer, until In tha
fall we eg-ain moved to Syracuse. There I
;ct 8omePc*tura and began to feel so much
setter after using one package that I con-
Mnued Its use altogether, and I am now
oetter In health than I have ever been
:>efore in eight years. I am stronger and
3eshier than I evr-r was and have not had
the headacha but three times since I be-
fan to use Postum a year ago. The
thanga certainly eeemB wonderful, for I
save had no return of the heart trouble
it all, and I never get tired telling what
Postum has done for me." Name given
>y Postum Co., Battle Creek, Mich.
Look In each package for a copy of the
famous little book, "The Road to Well-'
•fflfc" -
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"This story won a prize of $2,000 and Is worth It."— Chicago News
The Congressman's Wife
A Story of America 1 Politics of To-Day
BY JOHN D. BARRY
"An excellent piece of fiction." — N. Y. Tribune.
"A sincere and smartly told story of the perils that beset an I
ambitious man "in political life." — N. Y. Commercial Advertiser.
"A serious and conscientious piece of work, a work full of knowl-
edge and insight." — N. Y. Telegram.
"Mr. Barry . . . has all the material required for a strong
play of presentrday American life and manners." — New York Mail
and Express.
"One of the strongest and most; subtle studies of political and
social Washington that has ever been written." — Albany Argus.
"It is a fascinating story of political and social life in New
York and Washington." — Buffalo Courier.
"Direct and forcible in style, while the dialogue is at all times
natural, and is handled with genuine skill." — Boston Beacon. •
"Far better than most tales written about Washington life." —
Washington Post.
m yS3r THE SMART SET PUB. CO. "VS^t&T"
AMUSEMENTS.
AUTOMOBILE
AND
MOTOR CYCLE
INCLESIDE TRACK '
TO-DAY AT I O'CLOCK SHARP.
Eastern and Local Attractions.
ADMISSION-ONE DOLLAR.
Tickets at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s. THIS
MORNING.
Special Train leaves Third and Townsend
ftreets at 12:30.
The People Are the Judge*.
Our show is remarkable, and for that reason
they pack the theater, always.
[ RUBES AND ROSES \
Tuneful. Beautiful, Delightful.
Acted to Perfection by
Our "All-Ptar" Cast. Including: .
KOL.B AND DILL.
HARNEY BERNARD.
WINFIELD BLAKE.
MAUDE AMBER.
GEORGIA O'RAMEY.
BEN T. DILLON.
Reserved Seats — Nights, 23c. 50c and 75c
Saturday and Sunday Matinee*. 25c and 60c.
Children at Matinees. 10c and 25c.
MATINEE' TO-DAY.
TO-NIGHT— SJL'NDAY— NIGHT
AND ALL NEXT WEEK.
THE
2^ I Mu«lc»0
1 ¦ B Fantasy.
A Great «X l\^
Sinffinsr £ *^i^
Organization. *•— '
(Management Dearborn Theater Company.)
Nov. 16.— VIRGINIA HARNED In "IRIS."
GRAND SSbU
MATINEE TO-DAY.
TO-NIGHT and ALL NEXT WEEK,
Matinees Wed. and Sat. Each Week.
NO SUNDAY PERFORMANCES.
Curtain rises evenings at 8: matinees at 2.
v KLAW and ERLANGER'S
Stupendous Production of General Wallace's
BEN HUR
3GO-.Persons in Production— 350
No 8«»ts Laid Asids. Ho Teleph»nt Oris.-j Tikaa.
PRICES— 42. |1 50. $1. 75c and 50c.
AH Seats Reserved. General Admission, $1.
Out-of-town mail orders with remittances
filled in order received.
DESIRABLE SEATS CAN BE SECURED
FOR ALL PERFORMANCES.
rAbirORNlfTl
I MATINEE TO-DAY. Ifl
w * LAST TIME TO.NIGHT. " *»
HAVERLY'S MINSTRELS,
Headed by the Funniest of All Minstrel
Comedians,
...BILLY VAN...
TO-MORROW.
HERRMANN THE GREAT,
, -i Accompanied by the Famous i^.
TI Military Musicians, IB**
ll THE LA3KY3. J |U
he at mil
I I VULI HOUSE.
NOTE — Performances begin at 8 sharp, Sat-
urday Matinee at 2 sharp.
TO-NIGHT
Donizetti's Splendid Opera,
«*LA FAVOKITA"
To-day's Matinee and Sunday Night,
GREAT DOUBLE BILL.
Mascagni's Masterpiece,
"CAVALLBRIA RUSTICANA"
And Leoncavallo's Lyric Drama,
»« PPAGLIACCI."
NEXT WESK -
"TOSCA" and "Hi TROTATOSE."
PRICES AS USUAL— 25c. 60c, 75c.
Telephone Bush 9.
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENT&
MATINEES TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW.
LAST TWO NIGHTS
ELLERY'S ROYAL ITALIAN BAND.
Change of Programme Each Concert.
POPULAR PRICES— 60c. 75o. $1.
GENERAL ADMISSION— 50c.
Box Of Oce: Sherman. Clay & Co/a,
AMUSEMENTS.
Ingleside
Coursing
Park.
SATURDAYand SUNDAY
November 7 and 8.
First run-down on Saturday, beginning at
11:30 o'clock sharp- Sunday coursing will be-
gin at 10:3<> sharp and continue till last win-
nir.g Gag goes up.
TOTAL PRIZES—^ — $860
All Mission-street cars transfer to Guerrero
cars, which go direct to the park.
THOMAS TIERNET. Jud«.
EDWARD SHORTSTAG. SUppar.
MATINEE TO-DAY. Saturday, November 7.
Parquet, any seat. 25c: Balcony, 10c; Chil-
dren, any part except reserved, 10c.
—JOVIAL VAUDEVILLE! —
"Village Choir" Quartette; Max Wai-
. don; Olivette; The Two Rose 3, and
Golexnan's Dogs and Cats.
Last Times of McWatters and Tyson;
Three Richards; Crawford and
Manning, and Wesona and Frank.
A T * /"I A rT A TI Bel&aco ft Mayer.
ALCAZAR jwbss
General Manager.
"Tha Alcazar I« Flaylngr la Luc* WltH
Its New People."— Examiner.
TO-NIGHT— Hals. To-Day and Sunday.
One cf tha Fusnlest Comedies Ever Written.
TOO MUCH B-s.
JOHNSON. 1 SSS.
Evks., 25c to 75c; Mat. Sat. ft Sun., ISc to 50c.
NEXT MONDAY— The Famous Farcical TriT-
ollty That Won't Wear Out.
THE PRIVATE SECRETARY.
Belasco ft Mayer, Proprietor*.
Market ft.. Near Eighth. Phone South 5C3.
TO-NIGHT— LAST TWO NIGHTS.
MATINEE TO-DAY and TO-MORROW.
The Magnificent Comedy Drama,
"AT VALLEY FORGE."
Thrilling Story of Patriotism and Love!
pDircc Evenings 10c to 30c
fttlVO Matinees 10c. 13c. 23o
Next Week — By universal demand — Thou-
sands unable to obtain seats — L. R. STOCK-
WELL'S Mammoth Production of
"UNCLE TOSS'S CABXH."
3USW WELLS,
WOBUO and KZirOSTOS
AND A GREAT SHOW EVERY AFTERNOON
AND EVENINQ Kf THE THEATER.
DON'T FAIL TO 8KB
THE COLORED BABY
In th« INFANT INCUBATOR.,
X.!oa Slayinr Baboon la th« Zoo.
LOTS OF fUN IN THE PENNY ARCAOU
VI3IT THE— —
"MYSTIC MIRROR MAZE"
ADMISSION, 10c: CHILDREN, Be.
When Phoning Ask for "Th« Chutsa."
BASEBALL!
PACIFIC COAST LEAGUE.
RECREATION PARK. .
EIGHTH AND HARRISON—
CHAMPIONSHIP GAMES.
THURSDAY AND FRIDAY. 3 P. M.; SAT-
URDAY. 3 P. M.
SUNDAY 2:80 P. M.
PORTLAND vs. SAN FRANCISCO.
LADIES' .DATS THURSDAY AND FRIDAY.
Advance Sals, S Stockton St.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
li ECONOMICALl
!;i housekeepers:;
WalterBakers
! !j Gocoa and Chocolate;!
; ,| Because they yield THEj
'INMOST and BEST FOR!;
| t h e money!;
i . i,
I The Finest Cocoa in the World ]i
Costs less than One Cent a Cup !;
Our Choice Recipe Book, tent free, will tell you I
how to m«ke Fudge tod a great variety of dainty ' |
dishes from our Cocoa and Chocolate. ' |
\ Walter Baker & Co. Ltd.;!
I Established 1730 . ( >
S -DORCHESTER, MASS. i\
> /iO HI0HEST AWARDS IN ]>
< HU EUROPE ANB AMERICA /
JOY BELLQ
A Story of Quinnebasset
i By SOPHIE MAY
America's Greatest Living Wiiter
f jr Young Peopl.*, is the best new
book to read or to' give a triend.
At Booksellers'. $1 net; postpaid $1.10.
I.EE ft SZ£FABD, Boston.
Pfllatt* DON'T FAIL TO
1 aiUWW see t he beautiful
1 . COURT Lounging
3 fifl room, the EMPIRE
ailU PARLOR, the
r> j PALM ROOM, Ahe
Iff/Hid LOUIS XV PAR-
ui aim LOR^ tnd the LA _
n , I DIES' WRITING
Hotels r °9 m
For Stomach Disorders ¦
Gout and Dvsoepsia
DRINK
Best NATURAL Alkaline Water.
A. VIGLNTES QO. t San Francisco."Word was received in this city yester
day that Charles Webber, Starter Dick
Dwycr's assistant, while asleep walked oft
the train while it was passing through the
snowsheds near Truckee. He was ; not
seriously injured.. He said he thought. the
train had reached this city. He had 'a
miraculous escape from death. . , .'
Walks Off a Train While Asleep.
Sun, 'Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Time and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 23
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
cf tide it the same at both places.
SATURDAY. NOVEMBER 7.
Sun rises 0:43 a. m.
Bun sets .'. 5:05 p. m.
Moon . rises '. 7 :Z3 p. m.
O Time] Time Time ITimel
£ 1 Ft. Ft. I Ft. 1 Ft.
» H W L W [H W[ [I. W|
*7 H32" 4.9 6:13 2.6 12:17 6.7 7:07—0.8
8 2:25 4.9 7:02 2.8 1:04 5.5 7:56 — 0.5
» 3.1H 4.» 8:01 3.0 1:57 B.3 8:50 — 0.3
10 4:13 4.0 0:12 3.1 3:01 5.0 9:45 0 0
11 5:38 6.0 10:33 2.0 4:15 4.7 10:50 0.4
12 6:00 5.2|li:50 2.5 5:39 4.5 11:51 0.8
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
<iay In the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day. except when there are but three tides, as
eometlmei. occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
tlw> charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the low^r low waters. -
Time Ball.
Branch HydroExaphlc Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco. . Cal.,
November C. 1903.
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
L e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p. m., Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT,
Lieutenant U. S. N.. in charge.
First race— Rossmond, Pair lady
Anna. Barkelmore.
Second race— Alma Dufour. . Allista,
Mominar Star. . ' _
Third race — Judge Hlmes, Bardolph,
Fonsoluca. . '
Fourth race— Ceylon, PressgTave, Far
aday Jr. • '
Fifth, race — Judsfe Denton, Trovatore.
Onress.
. Sixth race — Antolee, Chickadee, Ade
lante.
' SELECTIONS.
(By Morning Telegraph.)
CINCINNATI, Nov. 6.— The following
are the entries for to-morrow's races at
Latonia track:
Weather clear; track good.
First race, three-rjuarters of a mile, selling —
Flying Girl 100, Barkelmore 103, John J. Re
gan «5 Fair Lady Anna 107. Miriam W 100.
Grand Mary 102. Rossmond 103, Sinner Simon
103. Bob Franklin 103, Special Tax 100, Amor
ous 107, Olonctz 100. , _ „
Second race, live and a half furlongs— Folles
Bergeres 108. Katie Powers 102, Mildred L. 111.
Alma Dufour 108. Morning Star 105. Janet Fon
so 105, Wreath of Ivy 108, Lida Leib 108, Al
lista 108. Domino Whist 100. ¦
Third race, one mile, handicap — Bardolph 10J,
Fonsoluca 102, Judge Hlmes 120, Tam O'Shan
ter 100.
Fourth race, the. Kentucky Autumn Steeple
chase, full course, about two miles— Islip 125,
Faraday Jr. 133, Fresgrave 160, Ceylon 157.
Fifth race, three quarters of a mile, selling —
The Hebrew US, Oudcn 107. Onress 106, Henry
Leuhrmann Jr. «7, Langford James- 100, Chief
Deputy 100. Cheboygan 106, Trovatore 106, Be
neficent 1C9, Judge Denton 107, Kern 103, War
Paint 1C0, Lookaway 92.
Sixth race, one and an eighth mllen, selling—
Adelante 103. Margie S 97, Free Admission 97,
Justice 1QO, Fleuron 101, Antolee 107. Chickadee
103. Frank Me 09.
Fast Harness Horse Is Sold.
Colonel J. C. Kirkpatrlck, manager of the
Palace Hotel, sold his fast harness horse
Clipper (2:06) .yesterday for $3500. The
horse is in Chicago, in charge of Trainer
Sampson.
Injured Football Player Dies.
INDIANAPOLIS, Nov. 6.-Frank Shank
lln of Franklin, Ind., captain of the Han
over football team last year, died to-day
from injuries received in a practice game.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 6.— Southern Cali
fornia will have winter baseball If the
plans of J. E. Wooley, Philip Devoln and
others do % not miscarry. It Is planned to
make up teams from the large number of
professionals wintering In Los Angeles,
members of the Paciflc Coast League
teams and the best of the amateur talent.
Los Angeles will have two teams and San
Diego and Santa Barbara the other
teams. Third Baseman Devereaux of the
Oakland team will manage the San Diego
team, and H. E. Edmundson will look
after Santa Barbara. The local teams will
be managed by AVooley and Devoln. San
Diego will open the season at Los Angeles
December 13.
Winter Baseball in the South.
Steamer. From. Due.
Cer.tra.lia Grays Harbor Nov. 7
C. Neleon Portland & Astoria ... Nov. 7
Del Norte;..T Crescent City Nov. 7
J. Dollar Seattle & Tacoma Nov. 7
Kmpire Coos Bay Nov. 7
Senator Seattle Nov. 7
Newburg Grays Harbor Nov. 7
Corona Humboldt INov. T
F. H. Leggett San Pedro Nov. 7
Chico Coqullle River Nov. 7
S.Monica.... Grays Harbor Nov. 7
Titania Nanaimo Kov. 8
Arcata coos Bay & Prt Orford Nov. 8
Alliance Portland &Way Porte. Nov. 8
Eureka Humboldt INov. 8
San Pedro Humboldt Nov. 8
Queen Puget Sound Ports INov. s
Korea china & Japan INov. 8
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way PortslNov. 9
Sonoma Sydney & Way Ports... INov. a
Edith Tacoma INov. 10
Bonlta Newport & Way Ports. | Nov. 10
Pomona .. Humboldt Nov. 10
G. W. Elder. . Portland & Astoria Nov. 11
Colon New York via Panama Nov. 12
Santa Rosa ; San Diego 8c Way Ports Nov. 12
Point Arena., j Mendocino & Pt. Arena. Nov. 12
City Puebla. . . Puget Sound Ports Nov. 13
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Ports Nov. 14
North Fork... Humboldt Nov. 15
Columbia Portland & Astoria ... Nov. 16
Gaelic China &. Japan Nov. 17
t'matilla Puget Sound Ports.... Nov. 18
City Sydney.. New York via Panama. Nov. 18
Abydos Hamburg & Way Ports Nov. IS
Nevadan Honolulu |Nev. 18
TO SAIL.
j Steamer. Destination. Sails. I Pier.
November 7. j
S. Cruz San Diego & Way. 4 pm Pier 11
Rainier ' Seattle & Whatcom 4 pm Pier 10 :
Ramnes.... Hamburg & Way.. 8 am Pier 19
Empire Coos Bay direct.. 12 m Pier 13
Arctic Humboldt 9 am Pier 10
S. Monica. Los Angeles Ports. 4 pm Pier 2
Pt. Arena. . Point Arena 4 pm Pier 2
Rival Willapa Harbor 3 pm Pier 2
Alameda... Honolulu 11 am Pier 7
Umatllla.. Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Curacao... Mexican Ports 10 am Pier 11
Peru N. Y. via Panama 12 m Pier 40
Iaqua Humboldt 1 1 pm Pier 2
F. Leggett. Humboldt 12 m Pier 10
November 8. ' |
Centennial. Seattle & Tacoma. . 10 ami Pier 2
S. Rosa San Diego & Way 9 am|Pler 11
November O.
Corona Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 9
N Fork ... H umboldt S pm Pier '£
Columbia.. Astoria & Portland 11 amiPler 24
Coos Bay.. San Pedro & Way. 9 aarjPler 11
. November 10. |
Alliance... Eureka & Coos Bay 11 am Pier 16
Eureka.... Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Centralia.. Grays Harbor .... 4 pm Pier 10
Newburg..' Grays Harbor .... 4 pm Pier 10
A. Maru...- China & Japan 1 pm Pier 40
J. Dollar... Seattle & Tacoma. 10 am Pier 2
November 11. •
Arcata Coos B.& Pt.Orford 10 am Pier 13
Chlco Coqullle River ti pm L Pler 2
November 12.
Pomona... Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 9
State of Cal San Diego & Way. >9 am Pier 11
S. Barbara. Seattle & Olympia. 4 pm Pier 2
Queen Puget. Sound Ports 11 am|Pler 0
Ban Pedro.. Humboldt 4 pmlPler 2
November 13. . |
Bonlta Newport & Way.. J> amfpier 11
November 14. | |
San Juan.. N. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
G.W.Elder. Astoria ft PortlandUl am|Pier 24
November 17. I '
City Puebla Puge^ Sound Ports.lll am Pier 9
November 18. I
Korea China & Japan 1 1 pm|Pler 40
FROM SEATTLE. "
Steamer, For. | Satis.
Bertha Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Nov. 7
Valencia Skagway & Way Ports. Nov. 7
Dolphin Skagway & Way Ports. Nov. 7
HumWdt I Skagway & Way Ports. Nov. 12
City slattle...] Skagway & Way Ports. Nov. l.{
Kanta Ana j Cookfl Inlet & Way Pts. Nov. 16
Farallon 1 Skagway & Way Ports. Nov. 10
First race — Astarita, King- Pepper,
Ahmuada. _ . _ ¦
Second race — Unmasked, Dark Planet,
•Wild Pirate.
Third race — Solly Spanker, Orthodox.
Wotan.
Fourth race — Masterman, XiUX Casta,
Duke of Kendal.
Fifth race— Dusky. Champlaini Silver
Dream.
Sixth race — Ella Snyder, Dark Planet.
Nevermore.
SELECTIONS.
(By Morning Telegraph.)
Weather clear; track heavy.
• First race, six furlones— Biserta 05, Gay
Boy 123, King Pepper 111, G. Whittier 104,
Astarita 118, Young Henry 125, Northern Star
110. Himself 110, Grenade 106. Ahumada 111,
Ascension 100. Palette 90, Ostrich 03, The
Captain 100. Klsle L 07. ,
Second race, one and a sixteenth miles —
Highlander 10(J, G. Whittier 110, Wild Pirate
102 Ethics 107, Hot OS, Conundrum 08. Po
tente 103. Unmasked 107. Dark Planet 90.
Third race, five and a half furlongs. Mu
tual stakes — : EmerKency 114. Juvenal Maxim
117, Blytheness 112. Wotan 112, Orthodox 102.
Mordella 100, Lady Amelia 122, Dolly Spanker
114.
Fourth race, one and an eighth miles, the
Springfield handicap — Hurstbourne 117, Master
•man 108, Duke of Kendal 108, Lux Casta 111.
Bor.nlbert 102, Rostand 08. Florham Queen 00.
Fifth race, six furlongs — Dukedom 08, Silver
Dream 106, Ester Reel 90, Hands Up 03, Aus
tralina 9«, Reticent 102, Dusky 04, Mordella
04, Cham plain 93, Ancestor 05. • '
Sixth race, one and a sixteenth miles — Never
more 103. Nuit Blanche 103, Ella Snyder 98,
Medal 10.*>, Harrison 106. Jola 103, Our Nugget
103. Bolina UH. Sir Ship 100, Stonewall 114,
Dark -Planet 101.
morrow:
NEW" YORK, Nov. 6.— The following
are the entries for the Jamaica races to-
Jamaica Races Attract a Liberal
Entry for the Closing Meeting.
HORSES CAB.DED TO START.
A programme of athletic events has
been arranged to take place on Thanks
giving day at Ingleside track. The field
day Is to be given under the^ auspices of
the Gaelic Athletic Association of Califor
nia and is to include football, running,
jumping, weight-throwing, shot-putting
and hurdling. The events are open to all
amateurs on the coast. :
The committee on prizes, which is com
posed of the following, has received sev
eral trophies and medals: Rev. P. C.
Yorke, Rev. John F. Nugent, Rev. Philip
O'Ryan, Rev. M. Barry, M. Casey. Law
rence J. "Walsh, Colonel J. C. O'Connor,
M. J. Keller, Matthew Nunan, Peter J.
Dunne and James C. Nealori.
Entries for the athletic events should be
addressed to John Purcell. Hibernla Bank.
Athletic Sports and Ganos to Be Held
at Ingleside on Thanksgiving
Day.
GAELIC 'ASSOCIATION
WILL GIVE FIELD DAY
Friday, November 6.
Stmr Point Arena, Miller, 14 hours from
Mendocino.
ftmr Rival, McClements, 03 houre from Wll
lar* Harbor.
Slrer Redocdo. Krog, 38 hours from Hue
neme.
Ptmr Samoa. Madsen, 16 hours from Caspar;
bound south: rut in to land passengers.
Stmr Mineoia. Kirkwood. C days from Ta
coma. via CJallam Bay 414 days.
Stmr Gipsy. Inland. 2R hours from Monterey.
Stmr Brooklyn. Walvlg. 4S hours from Re-
Kr'bark Marechal de Vlllars, Rioual, 169
days from Swanea,
CLEARED.
Friday, November 6.
Stmr Pomona. Swanson, Eureka; Pacific
C-ast Steamship Co.
Ptrr.r Hnuisk Rr»a. Alexander, San Diego;
Paciflc Coast SteamFhip Co.
Stmr Rnir.ler. Hansen. Seattle; Pollard
Steamship Co.
Ftmr UmatiV.a. Nopander. Victoria; Paciflc
Cnsst Fteamrhip Co.
Br fhlp Loch Tcrridon. Pattman, Liverpool;
G "W McNear.
Br ship Crocodile, Wilson. Liverpool: Girvin
& Eyre.
Bark Albert. Turne. Honolulu; Williams,
Dimond & Co.
SAILED..
Friday. November 6.
Stmr Pomona, Swanscn, Eureka.
Stmr Wertport. Smith. Westport.
Ftmr Phoenix. Odland. Mendocino.
Ftmr Gualala, .Johnson. Bowens Landing.
Stmr Bedor.do. Kme. Eureka.
Bark Albert, Turne. Honolulu.
Schr Henry Wilson. Johnson. Grays Harbor.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Nov 6. JO p m— Weather
clear; wind W, velocity 8 milfs per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT HA RFHRD— Sailed Nov 6— Stmr Coos
Bay, for San Francisco.
Arrived Nuv 0 — Stmr Santa Barbara, hence
Nov i
Sailed Nov «5 — Stmr Bonita.. for San Pedro.
EUREKA — Arrived Nov C — Stmr- Eureka,
hence Nov li; ctmr Newsboy, hence Nov 4;
schr Fnrt-jna, hence Nov 1; schr Allen A.
hence Oct 31; *chr Azalea, from- San Pedro.
Sailed Nov C— Stmm North Fork and Co
rona, for San Franci«co; stmr Pasadena, for
San P«)r'">: «-tmr South Bay, for San Diego.
VEICTT.-RA— Arrived Nov ft— Stmr Whlttier.
henr-e N.">v R.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Nov 6— Bktn
G3rf!'npr City, hence Oct 2S.
Sa:!*d Nov C— Etir.r Melville Dollar, for San
Pedro.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Sailed Nov 6— Stmr
Alratraz. for San Francisco.
WHATCOM— Arrived Nov 6 — Schr Eoquel,
frrm San Pedro. . •
S];ATTLE-~Arrived Nov 6 — Stmr Bertha,
from Valdez.
fcailei* Nov 6 — Etmr Al-Ki, for Skagway.
Arrived Nov 6 — Stmr Grace Dollar, hence
?Jov 2.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed Nov 5— Stmr Francis
H L^rgett, for San Franci»co; ptmr W H
Kragor, for San Krandfco; stmr Alcazar, for
Pan Francisco;, fcktn John C Meyer, for Port
Town«-n<3. ,
RLT'ONPO — Arrived Nov 6 — Etmr National
City. I'.enre Nrv 4. S
TACOMA— Cttlc4 Nor 6— Etmr Edith, for
San Krancisco.
Sailed Nov 0 — Stmr Senator, for San Fraa
ci*co.
ASTORIA — Arrived Nov 6 — Rtmr George W
Klder. ht-nc* Nov 4; Etmr Xararro, hence Oct
via Cnon J»ay.
Sailed Nov 6 — Stmrs Aurella and Columbia,
for San Francisco.
POUT HAPLOCK— Arrived Oct 6— Br bark
Forfarfhir*. from Honolulu.
TATOOSH— Pa*sod in Nov 6— Stmr San Ma
teo. h«?nc* Nov 3, for Tacoma: schr Camano,
li«>nce Oct 30, for Port Gamble; Br ehlp Forte
vlot; from Antwerp, for Victoria.
Parsed out Nov C — Bark Edith, from Eeattle,
tar Earn FranciFoo.
POJVr TOWNSEND— Arrived Nov 6— Bark
F C Allen, from Honolulu; #chr Geo E Bil
lings, from Mar.lla.
Passed In Kov G — Bark Hesper. from Eaa
P*-dro.
Sailed Nor 6— Ruf* bark Hermes, from Port
Blakeley. for Coquimbo: bktn Amazon, from
Port Gamble, for Sydney: nchr Robert Searles,
from Tacoma. for San Pedro. • . v:
Passed in Nov fi — Bark Prussia, hence Oct
24. for Port Blakehy.
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU— Failed Nov 5 — Ship Erakine M
riic-IpF, for Delaware Breakwater.
Arrived Nrv «! — Erstmr Coptic, hence Oct
St, for Yc.kchcma and Hongkong; U S stmr
Logan, from Manila, for San Francisco.
Sailed Nov 6— Stmr Argyll, for Saa Fran
cisco.
KIHEI— Arrived Nov 1— Bkta Fullerton.
h<nce Oct 11.
EASTERN PORT.
DELAWARE BREAKWATER— Arrived Nov
r>— Ship Fo>t Georce. from Honolulu.
FOREIGN PORTS.
BUENOS AYRES— Arrived Sept 25— Br stmr
Koyalut. from Port L*idlow.
VENTNOR— Parsed Nov 3 — Fr bark Turgot.
fronTHamburr, for San Diego.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Nov B — Stmr Mon
golian, from Glasgow and Movllle.
HONGKONG— Arrived Xov V—Btzar Doric,
Shipping Intelligence.
arrived.
The echocner El Dorado, on Puget Sound, is
chartered for lumber to Shanghai at 35s, and
the bark Reaper, also on Pueet Sound, same
business, to South Africa at 47s Cd.
The British steamer Wynerle has been laid
or. the berth at Seattle for China.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
The French berk Marecha.1 de Villar* ar
rived yesterday. 1C3 days from Swansea. She
brought 21*JS "tons cf coal.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Coal From Swansea.
NEW YORK, Nov. 6. — The Aqueduct meet
ing came to k close to-day. Summary:
First race, handicap, six furlongs — Mamie
Worth won. Ascension second, Young Henry
third. Time. 1:14 1-5.
Second race, one mile — Cottage Maid won.
Alpaca second. Widow's Mite third. Time,
1:43.
Third race, six and a half furlongs— Raider
won. Flag Officer second. Belle of Portland
third. Time. 1:22 3-5.
Fourth race, one and a sixteenth miles, the
Stonybrook — Namtor won. Carbuncle second,
Gaviota third. Time, 1:00.
Fifth race, five furlongs, selling — Blytheness
won. M. Theo second, Shady Lady third. Time,
1:00 3-5.
Sixth race, one mile, handicap — Illyria won,
Sheriff Bell second. Sweet Alice third. Time,
1:43 1-5.
CINCINNATI, Nov. 6.— Latonla results:
• First race, six furlongs— Louise Collier won,
Lowly second. Jettt third. Time, 1:20^.
Second race, one mile — Bugle Horn won.
Overhand second. Banwell third. Time. 1:491a-
Third race, seven furlongs — Coruscate won,
Sanct»s»lma second. Goo Goo third. Time, 1 :34.
Fourth race, one mile — Thane won. Never
such second. Sister Lillian third. 1 Time, 1:49.
Fifth race, five furlongs — Viola won. Wood
lawn Belle second, Vallarambla third. Time,
1:OCV£.
Sixth race, six furlongs — Red Raven won,
The Gold Finder second, Dave Sommers third.
Time, l:ll»i.
Namtor, Chestnut Son of Hastings,
Wins the Stonybrook.
CLOSING DAY AT AQUEDUCT.
The Pacific Mall Company's steamship Tcni
¦will sail at noon to-day for Panama and way
ports. The Pacific Coast Steamship Com
paey> Curacao will also get away for Mex
ico. Among the Curacao's passengers will be
G. A. Kaiser. United States Consul at Guay
ro&s.
Liners for the South.
TO ARRIVE
Movements of Steamers.
The echooner Carrie and Annie, formerly en
pr.f -. in missionary work, docked yesterday
at Mission-street bulkhead, where she will be
outfitted for sea. She has been chartered to
take a cargo of general merchandise to the
Caroline Islands.
Carrie and Annie Chartered.
"Bill" Carroll, former trainer of Epi
curif and other good horses, is now hand
ling; the string of A. B. Spreckels.
Secretary Treat received a telegraphic
request yesterday from Parker & Mounce
of Lewiston, Idaho, for seven stalls.
When all the Jockeys reach here from
the Eastern tracks there will be a lib
eral array of riding talent. Among the
boys who will be on hand for the open
ing day are Ferrell and Hall, two good
lightweights from Chicago; Lee Jackson,
J. Daly, I. Powell, Waterbury, W. See. J.
T. Sheehan, W. Knapp, Connell, Birk
enruth, Tullett, Frawley, Chandler, W.
Daly and Kuntz. Bullman will be here
a week or so after the meeting begins.
Burns will be along a little later.
Willie Buchanan, when seen at Ingle
slde track yesterday, said he expected to
hear of his early reinstatement. Buchan
an was suspended by the Harlem track
officials.
Diamante, winner of the Los Angeles
derby, and Escalante are two of the best
that will carry the Spiers colors. /
George Cochran has Indian II and Ter
ra Incognita, which he brought from Chi
cago.
Gilbert has a useful lot, consisting of
Cambaceres, Loyal S, Troy, Flea and Dug
Martin.
The latest stables to arrive at the Oak
land track from Chicago are those of L.
Mosier &* Co. and Sam Morton. Mosier
is here for the first time and In his string
are some clever performers. Including
Evelyn Bird, Albemarle, Capable and
Kleinwood. Morton, who has been absent
for two seasons, brought Dodle S and C.
B. Campbell.
Five car loads of horses arrived yes
terday from Los Angeles. The owners
represented are Vic Gilbert. "W. J. Spiers
&, Co., George Cochran, Strobel & Co.,
George Webb, James Woods and Dow
Williams.
There Will Be No Paucity of Riding
Talent When Season Opens
Next Saturday.
The Oceanic Steamshrp Company's lir.er Ala
meda will tall at 11 o'clock this morning for
Honolulu. She will carry about sixty cabin
I*ssen£ers. among them a theatrical company.
Paymaster A. S. Brown of the navy 1e going
to liGUOlalU on the liner, having been ordered
t.» the island etation to till the vacancy caused
\-y the death of Paymaster Rhodes. Captain
A. 3. Bradish. chief of detectives of Los An
gfles. will also be a passenger, and among
the local people will be Miss H. Regelsberger
and 11. J. Lindtsay of the Oceanic Steamship
Qnaptajr.
Alameda Sails To-Day.
SHANGHAI — Arrived Nov 4 — Stmr Inver
ness, from Port Gamble and Tacoma, via Mo
roran and T&ku.
BOULOGNE-SUR-MER— Arrived Nov 6—
Ryndam, from New York, for Rotterdam, and
proceeded.
GENOA — Arrived Nov 6 — Stmr Prlnress
Irene, from New York, via Gibraltar and
Naples.
HAMBURG — Arrived Nov 6 — Stmr Pretoria,
from New York, via Plymouth and Cherbourg.
CHERBOURG— Sailed Nov 6— Stmr Fuerst
•Bismarck, from Hamburg and Southampton,
lor New York.
iJl'EEXSTOWN — Arrived Xov 6 — Stmr L«u
cania, from New York, for Liverpool, ajid pro
ceeded.
SOUTHAMPTON'— Sailed Nov 6— StmrFuerst
Bismarck, from Hamburg, for New Yorlc, via
Cherbourg.
from San Francisco, via Honolulu and Yoko
hama.
This is the last day of the special
price sale of shopworn gas ranges by S.
F. Gas and Electric Co., 415 Post st. •
MORE STAPLES ARRIVE
AT TRACK ACROSS BAY
The American ship Henry B. Hyde,
which reached New York on Thursday
from this port, encountered a heavy gale
September 16 in 46 south 42 west. The
storm continued twenty hours, the barom
eter falling as low as 2S.S0. While hove
to on the port tack the Hyde's cargo
shifted, causing her to list heavily to
starboard and adding considerably to the
vesse-1's danger.
Henry B. Hyde's Cargo Shifts.
Among those examined yesterday was
William Hughes, seaman. His testimony
was in the main a verification of that giv
en by the officers. He bears out Ravens
in his statement that four people were
lost by the capsizing of the starboard
boat. He says the boat was made fast
after it capsized, but he did not know
who let the boat go adrift. He says the
engines were going ahead and corrobo
rates the statements of Bruce, the first
officer, that the after tackle of the port
hoa"t jammed and caused it to capsize.
Still he admitted that if the ship., had not
been moving at the time of the launching
the boats would have been launched suc
cessfully. Hughesjstated that the weather
wa.s moderate, the fog thick.
Thomas Pizzotri, the second assistant en
gineer, testified that no bell was given to
stop the vessel after she struck. He saw
the starboard boat capsize and was sure
there were some people in it at the time.
He said that the ship was going ahead
when the boats were launched, running
perhaps five or six knots an hour. He
verifies the second mate's statement that
the painter was made fast and thought
that it was Fred Johansen who did it.
John Riemer, seaman, testified that he
was in the bow of the port boat and saw
Mate Bruce put life belts on the women.
He said the captain did everything In his
power to get back to the ship and save
the lives of those in the water, but was
unable to do so, having but one oar to
row with. Before they could rig up the
boat's mast as an oar the vessel was out
of sight.
Reimer said he did tricks at the wheel
and generally steered "off shore" by the
captain's orders.
. Charles Blombak, a seaman, proved a
poor witness. He knew very little about
shipimatters. He answered questions stu
pidly. .All that -the inspectors were able
to giban from his talk was the fact that
the weather wes moderate, the fog thick
and that he had heard Second Officer Ra
vens tell men to get In the starboard
boat and to hold her away from the
ship's side. . ../.•-.
Manuel Pethlmanis, chief cook, threw
little light on the investigation. He had
never "known his station in case of dis
aster, but was sure that he saw Mate
Bruce place life belts on the women.
Fred Johansen, the only seaman left to
testify, is the man the inspectors most de
sire to hear from. He was at, the star
board boat at the time of its launching
and Is said to be the man who made it
fast by the painter, and he may be able
to tell how.it got loose. He will be sub
penaed to appear on Monday, j After his
testimony the ground will be gone over,
the ; facts made known and the blame
placed where it belongs.
The discrepancies between the reports
and the testimony are many, and when
these men are again placed on the stand
the -truth will doubtless be forced from
them.
The main line of investigation next
week will be based upon the written re
ports of the officers made prior to the in
vestigation, and their testimony on the
stand.
Did the second officer really have nine
men on his raft, as he said in his report?
or is he trying to protect himself from
culpability for the loss of the four pas
sengers from the starboard boat by con
tradicting his report? or were these men
lost from his raft and not from the star
board boat?
The mass of evidence taken at the in
vestigation has been but a series of ad
missions and contradictions. All endeav
ors to find out who launched the star
board boat and who was responsible for
her getting away have proved fruitless.
Those examined knew nothing about it,
for most of them were on some other part
of the ship when this occurrence hap
pened. No one seems to have been near.
The testimony of the seamen has been
irrelevant and each man examined showed
a tendency to shield his superior officers.
The time consumed in the investigation
has given the ship's crew time to get a
hint of the inspectors' line of investiga
tion and fortify themselves against ad
missions that would tend to incriminate
themselves.
The questions now confronting the in
spectors are how the ship came to run
ashore and whether or not Ravens is
truthful when he says there were four
passengers lost from the starboard boat?
It is not believed that there were more
than thirty-nine men on board when the
ship struck. Ravens says there were
nine men on his raft. Four of them, in
cluding himself, were seamen and were
saved. The other five, who, he says, were
passengers whom no one knew. They
were lost.
Second Mate Ravens said In his report
that he launched the starboard lifeboat,
but in his .testimony he contradicted him
self by saying that it was never launched.
He claims that when the boat capsized
four passengers were thrown out and
drowned. Figuring these men with the
others on board brings the ship's list to
forty-three passengers.
The facts most apparent thus far are
that the vessel was running ahead almost
at full speed when the boats' were launch
ed; that the women had life preservers
on; that the weather was mild, though
the fog was thick.
It has also been shown that both life
boats were capsized, and that if they had
not been launched while the ship was
plowing through the sea they could have
b'een launched successfully.
Mate Bruce says he gave the engineer
a bell to stop as soon as the vessel struck,
but Captain Mclntyre and two of Jhe en
gineers had already stated that the ship
was never stopped after she struck.
Thomas Pizzotti, the second assistant en
gineer, yesterday testified that he was in
his room right next to the gong of the
engine-room when the ship struck,' and
that there was no bell to stop the vessel.
The engineer on watch got but one bell,
and that was to slow down.
It Is strongly intimated that charges
of perjury will be preferred by United
States Inspectors Bolles and Bulger
against several of the prjncipal witnesses
that have testified at the South Portland
investigation. That the inspectors have
been badly handicapped in their efforts
to determine the responsibility for the
loss of the vessel is apparent to the most
casual observer, and that the witnesses
have repeatedly contradicted themselves
while testifying is shown by the records.
Some important disclosures may be
looked for when the investigation is re
sumed next week.
Evide'nt Desire to Hamper Efforts of
the Inspectors to Place Re
sponsibility for the
Disaster.
Officers and Crew of the
Wrecked Vessel Give Con
tradictory Testimony.^
Grave anxiety is felt for the British ship
Vanduara. now out flfty-six 'iays from
Puget Sound for San Diego. Three weeks
would be a long time for this voyage.
The Vanduara has been out eight weeks.
Ten per cent reinsurance was paid on her
jegterday. Considering the length of time
she is out this rate is considered ex
tremelv low, and If the vessel is not re«
ported to-day the rate probably will be
advanced a number of points.
The rate of reinsurance on the Will
komroen was reduced to 10 per cent. The-
Charlonus, Verajcan and Paris are also
Quoted at 10 per cent. The Tifeshire re
mains at to and the Daisy at SO per cent.
Three years ago she collided with the
liner Empress of Japan off Flattery. She
was formerly the British ship Blairmore,
which turned turtle two years ago in San
Francisco harbor, drowning some of her
crew.
The bark's hull is not damaged.
Captain Johnston threw several bottled
messages overboard, for he and the crew
did not expect to reach shore. Twenty
hours after the vessel was dismasted the
steamer Vermont was seen. The Pal
mer will be libeled for $30,000 in a sal
vage claim to be made against her by the
Vermont.
VICTORIA, B. C, Nov. 6.— Dismasted
and almost a wreck, the American bark
Abby Palmer, owned in San Francisco,
and twenty-two days out from Honolulu
in ballast, was towed Into port this morn
ing by the British steamer Vermont, load
ed with cargo from Portland for South
America, which picked her, up 140 miles
southwest of Cape Flatten'. She was
drifting helplessly before the wind. The
Palmer ran into a furious gale on Tues
day, which dismasted her.
Jimmy Britt is receiving all sorts of
letters warning him that Charley Seiger,
the "iron man," whom he fights next
Tuesday night under the auspices of the
San Francisco Athletic Club, is a dan
gerous customer in the ring. Britt is
heeding the warning and is redoubling
his efforts to go into the ring in perfect
condition. Jimmy has been working hard
at droll's Gardens, Alameda, and is on
edge. His injured foot does not bother
him. He is fast on his feet and his spar
ring partner is ready to vouch that- Britt
punches harder than ever.
Britt will apparently have his hands
full with Seiger. The Italian is one of
those boxers who is always on top of his
man. He keeps coming all the time and
nothing seems to stop him. Joe Gans
tried to do so and Rufe Turner knocked
him down many times, but the "iron
man" was back again fighting as hard
as ever. It remains to be seen whether
Britt can stop him. There are many peo
ple In this city who believe he cannot.
Seiger is a dangerous man to go against.
He possesses abnormal strength and vi
tality. His punching powers are great.
His sparring partners complain that he
hits too hard and they are delighted to
learn that Seiger will box no more w"hile
training.
The betting on the contest is 10 to 6
with Britt favorite. There will be a large
amount of money put up on both men, as
they have large followings. Seiger has
won many admirers during his stay in
this city. The talent realizes the fact
that he made 133 pounds readily and was
as strong as ever, and they are ready to
place a bet on him.
The preliminary bouts should be inter
esting. Dave Barry, the fighting Irishman,
who is training George Gardner for -his
engagement with Fitzsimmons, is match
ed to go ten rounds with Maxey Kane.
"Spider" Welch and Frank Rafael are
also matched to go ten rounds.
The advance sale of seats is large and
everything points to a big attendance.
Eddie -Graney has been selected referee.
The Emperor's views regarding the ad
vantage of the race, as they have been
outlined to naval officers, are that yachts
of the cruiser type are of greater utility
than racing models, and that the strength
of construction, discipline of the crews,
variations of weather and skill in sailing
under what may be called service condi
tions are best tested in a trans-oceanic
race. The Meteor was constructed par
tially to that end.
Emperor William is said to have liken
ed a racing yacht to a racehorse as "no
good for every day pleasure."
BERLIN, Nov. 6.— Emperor William's
schooner-yacht Meteor will go- to the
United States in the spring to take part
in the ocean yacht race for the Emperor's
cup. Several changes have been ordered
in the Meteor's rig, the most important
of which is reduction of her sail area, so
as to avoid being heavily handicapped.
The Meteor was sailed by an all-English
crew two seasons ago and by a crew
about half-English and German in the
races last season.
Now Out Eight Weeks Frcm
Puget Sound for San
Diego.
German Challenger Is Being
Refitted for Next Year's
1 Races. "
Contest.
Leigh tweights Training Hard
for Twenty Round
Vessel Encounters a Furious
Gale Tuesday and Is Nearly
Wrecked
South Portland Inquiry
Likely to Develop
Sensation.
Steamer Vermont Picks
- Up the Abby Palmer
Off Flattery.
Is Making an Extremely
Long Passage Down
the Coast.
Emperor William Says
He Wants a Sturdy
x Yacht.
Friends Inform Boxer
That Charley .Seiger
Is Dangerous.
WITNESSES
MAY BE HELD
FOR PERJURY
SHIP VANDURA
CAUSES ANXIETY
TOWS DISMASTED
BARK INTO PORT
RDVISE BRITT
TO BE CAREFUL
METEOR WILL BE
DEFENDER'S RIVAL
•THE SAK FKANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 1903
10
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and -Price Lists Mallei
on Application.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
IAS ROYFS fe ffl Shipping Butcbera. 104
JA3. 0UIE3 ft tU. day. Tel. Main 1294.
OU.S. !T
LUBRICATING OILS; LEONARD & ELLIS.
418 Front St.. S. F. Phone Main 171».
PBOTTixra. "
Lf HlIfiHF's PRINTER.
V. IlUUnCA BH Sansom» st.. a F.
-.IMULWATTSATBa....;.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
Leave ¦' Via Sauulita F«rrj Arrive '
San Frandsco foot of lUrkat St. San Francisco
Week Sun- ¦¦ gn» . ¦ - Sun- Week
-PilXL. f^ a >' s /ftnvHB*$£\. days Days.
•10:80 1*8:OOa f^MniniS 12:O5i- 10:401
*I:45p 9:00a VJSfe£Sw57 l:25p 2:S0p
5:15r 10:00a ifctowMagy 2:50p 5:. r »Oj»
_... 11:O0a \§2|njS' 4:5Op 9:50p
'. : ttonact with itag» far * Dipt lai Tillo-w C*»y
TICUT J 626 Market ST.,(North Shore Railroad)
WKCI3 | and SavsautO Ferry, Foot Market SL
_ ; , . ADVEBTISEMENTS. _
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS nrast bear
Fac-simile Signature of /^L^^g^f
SAU.OW S SKIN Rtt&$£^%£^^*®*
n h n - r-r\ 8ma " Pi "'
T/"M I/NLJ I 3 \# l&a LJ 8mall Oosa
They T OUCH the 8=3 1| yj t£all 1 Smiil Prica.
Genuine Wrapper Printed on _ _ _*'~ ~*
RED PAPER BLACK LETTERS S&Z^^?&7^>z3-~S
Look for the 6!<o»ture * Z7*~-^£^r *^S^^^^£.
I ' \
. The North Western^ j
Union Pacific Excursions
afford unusual opportunities jot. an
economical and satisfactory journey to
I Excursions Every Day
! Personally conducted parties leave
San Francisco every Wednesday,
! Thursday, Friday and Saturday.
Leave Los Angeles one day earlier.
Choice of routes.
For full Information apply to or address
R. R. RITCHIE, S. F. BOOTH.
General Agent. Cen'l Agent Pass'r Dept.,
Chicago 4 North-Western Ry. Udca Pacific R. R.
6 1 7 Market St. No. 1 Montgomery St.
SAN FRAS'CISCO, CAL.
I OALIFO31NBA |
I LIMITED TO CHICAGO C 1
n Leaves Kendays end Thursdays \
•Ej at 8:30 a. m., through in 3 days, ;
;ja with diner and all trappings. , t
Other Santa Fe Trains :
7:30 a. m. j for Fresno, Bakersfield,
|:30 a. m. V Me j£ d Hanford and VUalia.
I oiliU p. m. I
4.00 p. m. for Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City, Grand Canyon and
Chicago.
Ticket Officb: 641 Market St., and Ferry
Depot. S. F. Also 11U Broadway, Oak-
land, Cal.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE]
SAN FRANCISCU ANU NUHTH PACIFIC
BAZX.WAT COMPANY. '
Tlburon Perry, root, of Market Street.
SAN FRAIICISCO TO SAN RAFAEI..
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 0:00. 11:00 a. m. : 12:35.
3:30, r>:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trly
at 11:30 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:CO and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 9:00. 9:30, 11:CO a. m.: 1:30. 3:30.
6:00. 6:20. 11:30 p. m.
SAN RAFAEIi TO SA2T FSAZT CISCO.
WEEK DAYS — 6:C5. 7:35 7:50. 0:20, 11:15
a. m. : ll!:50. 3:40. 5:00. 5:20 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:05 dnd 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 0:40. 11:15 a. ra.; 1:40. 3:10.
4:55. 5:05. 6:25 p. m.
I^ave 1 In Effect I Arriva
San Francisco, f Sept. 27. 1903. [San Francisco.
Week Sun- I Destina- ! Sun- | Week
Days, days. | tlcn. [ daya. 1 Days.
7:S0a 8:C0a| oTlOa) 8:40a
0:30 a Ignado. 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p ,":30j. 6:0r»p!6:2Op
5:10 p 5:00 p 7:35 p|
7:30 a | 0:10 a! 8:40 a
8:00 ai Novato, 10:40 ailO:20 a
3:30p 0:30a' Petaluma. '6:05p!«:20p
5:10 p 3:30 p and • 7:35 pi
5:00 p| Santa Rosa, _j
7t3Oa j 10:40ajlO:20a
8:00 at Fulton. 7:35 p 6:20 p
3:30 p 3:30 pi 1
Windsor. I
7:30 a 8:00 a Healdsburs. 10:40 a 10:20 a
Lytton.
3:30 p 3:30 p Geyservllle. 7:35 n 6:20 p
Cloveriiale.
7:30 a! 8:00 al llopland 110:40 a!tO:2O a
3:«0a| 3:.-.0p| and Ukiah. [ 7:33 p| «:2Op
7:30a! 8:00 a| Willlts. l7:35p[6:20p
7:30 a| 8:00 al ~ . 110:40 aj!0:20 a
3:30 p| 3:30 p| Guernevllle. [ 7:35 p[ 6:20 p
7:30 a! 8:00 al Sonoma. I 9:10 a] 8:40 a
5:10 p[ 5:C0p| Glen Ellen. | 6:05 p| «:2O p
7:30 al S:00a| 110:40 a|10:20 a
3:30 pi 3:30 p| Sebastopol. | 7:35 pj 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
QUentln; at Santa 'Rosa for White .Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton for Altruria and Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at Gey.
servllle for Skagss Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers. Booneville and Creenwood; at
Hopland for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs
Kedseyville, Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay. Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at L'kiah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake. -Witter Springs. Upper Lahe, Pomo.
Potter Valley. John Day's, Riverside. Llerly's.
Bucknell's Sanhedrin Heights. Hullville. Orr'a
Hot Springs. Halfway House. Comptche. Camp
Stevens Hopkins. Mendocino City, Fort Brag ff
Westport, Usal; at Willlts for Fort Bragg
Westport. Sherwood, Cahto. Covello. Layton-
vilte*. Cummtnzs. Bell's Springs, Harris. Ol-
sen's. Dyer. Garbervllle, Pepperwood, ScotU
and Eureka.
Saturday to Sunday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. 630 Market street, Chronicle
building.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN,
Gen. " Manager. Gen. Pass. Ait.
I ¦
.ftrfggp^gB MEHAHDWOMEFK
(rf^*tUBE?^H Use Big «» Tor nnnatartl
j££?>jf la 1 to 5 0«y»-v3 discharges, inflanimntjoni,
S&S Guaiiaued 3 irritations or ulccratieni
fir*6H not t« itrictare. of mucous n:embrapes.
F Pr»»»«t. Co»u«u.. Puin'.ess, und not aitsia-
ST^VrlEEyANSCHEr.'IWlCO. gent or poi-ouoc*.
%?C& ClNnNl&TI.O.gES'SJ Scld by DragrsUta,
TajjIKSk Cb.i, ,^a& or gsct in plain wmpper.
exprem. prepaid, for
VW^affigjrH K1.00, or 3 bottlea 12.75.
1^ ¦» Circular j«ut oa request.
BAXWAYTBAVEIu
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Trains leave »mi are due to arriva at
SAX FllANCISJCO.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street )
luti — FaoiTOcTouKK 21. 1J03. — AitaiYa
7 00a Benlcla, Sulsun. El-.mru »ml Sacra-
mento 725p
7.00a VncaTllle. Winter*. Rumsey 7 B5f
7.30* Martinez. San Ramon, Vallejo.
¦ Xnpa. Ca'.l*tog«. Snntn Kos» 825p
7.30a' Xllcs. Ltvermore, Tracy, Laihrop.
Stocferon . v 7.25p
800a Vn\ ;.i.\Vi.oi!i:»::il, Knight* Landing.
Mnry»vllle. Orovllle .Z55 P
8 00a Atlantic Expres*— Osdensad fc««. 10.25a
8. 30a Port Costa. Mnrtlnez. AatlocS). Uy-
ron.Tracy.Stocktoa.Sacramento,
Newman, Loa Banos. Menduta,
Armona, Lemoore, Hanford,
Vlnalliv ForterYllie 4.25*
8.30a Fort Costa. Martlaez. Tracy. Lutn-
rop. Slodesto, Merced. Fresno.
Gosh:» Junction. Leinoore, Ilaa-
ford. Vlsalla, DafcersfleM 4.55*
8.3&A Ehnata Express— Davis. V.'llliami
(for Bart'ett Springs). Wlllowt,
tFrufo. lictl Bluff, Portland 7-55P
8.30a Nile*. San Jose. Llverraore. Stoclc-
ton.Ioni'.Sacramento.PlacervlUe,
MarysTlile. Chlco. Ked Bluff 4-Z5P
8.30a Oakunle. Chinese. Jamestown. So-
norn. Tuolumne »ml Angel* »?=
9.00a Martinez and Way Station* -SS?'
1000a Vallejo- , 12.25*
1000a -
Port cons, jiarKncr, Brroo.
Tracy. Lathrop. 8tocktoa,
Merced. Raymond. Fn-ar.o, Han-
ford. Vlsalla, Baltersfleld. Lo«
AnRele* fWetfr
bound «rnTes *la t.\>ait Line)... «1.30p
1008a The Overland Limited — Ogden.
Denver, Omaha, Chicago 5s? P
12.00* Hoy ward. Nile* and Way Stations. 3.25?
tLOOr Sacramento Klrer Steamers Til. 00*
3-30* Benicla, Winters. 9acr.«n«nto.
Woodland. Knlghta Landing,
Marysvllle. Oro»ille and way
stations '2g| 4
3.30* Hayward. Ntles and Way Stations.. 7.55*
330* Port Costa, Martinez. Byron.
Tracy. Lathrop. Modesto.
Merced. Fresno and Way Sta- •
tlons beyond Port Costa 12-23*
330* Martinez. Tracy. Stockton. Lodt... 10.25a
400* Martinez. San Knnion.VulleJo.Napa,
Cnllstoga. Santa Kosa 925a
4 00p Nlles. Tracy. Stockton. Lodl 4.2a*
4 30p Hayw*r*l. Nllcs. irTlagton. Saa I 18.55a
-m Jose. Llvermore .• f '.11.53*.
500* The Owl Limited— Newman. Los
I!ano», Mendoia. Fresno. Tulare,
UakereOeld. Loa Angeles 8 55a
5 COp Port Costa, Tracy. Stockton 12 25*
t5 30r llarwart. Ntles and San Jose 7.25a
6-COi* Hayward. Nllea and San Jos*. 1025*
6.00* Oriental Mall — Oirden. Denyer.
Omab:>, St. Louis. Chicago and
Eaat. Fort Costa, Benlcla. Sul-
sun. Elanira, Davis. Sacramento,
Kocklln. Atfburn, Colfax.
Truckee. Boca. Keno, Wsda-
worth. Winnemncca. Battl*
Mountain. Elko » 4.25*
5.00* Vallejo. dally, except Bunday.... » 7 B5 -
700* Valiejo. Sunday only f
7.00* San Fablo, For» Coita. IJarttnes
and Way Stations 1125a
£X5* Oregon <b California Express— Sao-
ramento, Marysvllle. Redding.
Portland. Pu«et Sound and East. 8-53 a
9.10* Hay ward. Nile* and San Jose (Sua-
daronly) • 11.85a
COAST LINE (-^rrow tiange).
(Foot »t M.-trltct Street.)
6-15* Newark, Centervtlle. Saa Jose,
Felton. Moulder Creek. Santa
Crux and Way Stations 553*
"5- 15* Sewark. Centervllie. Saa Jose,
Now Alniadrn. Los Gatos.Fe:ton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Crus and
Principal Way Station* 10 53a
4 !O J. (••Mtr'ij. San Jose, Los Gatoa and
way station* t3-55A
'3 33* Hunters Trn!n. Saturday only. San'
Jo.se and Way Stations. Sunday
• cm\ y return* from Loa Gato* J7 25*
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
rum SAN r'KAM'ISCO. root of Market St. (SllpW
-r.:15 •JAV 11:00 A.M. 1.00 3 00 515 *.*
Tom OAKLAND. Foot of Broadway — t6:l» iS-.M
18j(J3_10:00 A.M. 1200 2 00 400 *¦*.
COAST~LTRE: (Broad ilw).
tif~ (Tnirrt nnd Tuwnaend Streets.)
6 10a San Joseand Way Stations 8 30*
7 CO* S»n Jose and Way Stations 5 33*
8 00a N-tw Almadea (Tues.. Frld.. only). 4. 10*
8 COa CoastLlnc Limited— S:opson!yS*a
Jose. Gllroy (correction for Hoi-
lister). Pajaro. Castrovllie. Sa-
linas. San Ardo, Paso Robiea,
Eanta Margarita. San Luis Oblapo.
Principal stations tbence 8ur^
(connection for Lompoc) princi-
pal stations thence Santa Bar-
Wa and Los Angeles. Connec-
tion at CastrovKie to and from
Monterey and Pacific Grove 10 43*
9. COa San Jose. Tres PInos. Capitols.
San taCruz. Pacific Grove, Sallnaa,
Snn I.uis Obtspo and Principal
Way Stations 4.10*
10.30a Fan J«ne,ii:id Way Stations. 1.207
1146a Santa Clara, tan Jose. Los Gatoi
and Way Station* 7.30*
1 3C* San Jose and Way Stations 8 36*
o.CU* Pacific G rove Kxprens— SuntaClara, .
£an Juac. Del Monte. Monterey.
1 a.-:.'.c Grove (connecta at Santa
Clcra for Santa Cruz. Boulder
Creek and Narrow Gaufte Points)
at Gtlroy for HollUtrr, Tres
, PInos. at CastroTille for Salinas. 1215*
J-20* Gtlrov Way Passenger 510 45a
t4 45r San Jose. (tI« Santa Clara) Los
Oatos. and Prtnctpal Way Sta-
tions (except Sunday) t9 28 a
(6 ZQr San Joseand Principal WayStatlons ?3.oJa
6-COp Sunset Limited. Uastlwmnd.— Saa
L,u!s ObUpo, Snota Barbara, Los
Anfteles, Iteming. El Paso. New • "
Orleans. New Vork. (Westbound
tirlvesvtnSanJoaqntnValK'y)... tr9 25a
tS.16* San Maleo.Beresford.lJelmoni.Saa
Carlos. Redwood. Fair Oaka,
Jlcnlo Park. Palo Alto t848*
6.3C* Sar^Jose and Way Stations. 638*
11 .30* South San Francisco. MUlbrae. Bur-
Hngaxe, Saa Mateo, Belmont,
San Carlo*. Uedwood, Fair Oak9,
Memo Park, ami Palo Alto 9.45*
¦11-30r May field. Mountain View. Sunny-
vale, Lawrence. Santa Clara and
- San Jose S9.45*
A for .Morning. P for Afternoon.
t Sunday only.
I Etop« at all station* oa Sunday,
t Sunday execpted. a Saturday only.
« Via Coast Line. irVta San Jonqutn V»Uey.
fs7~0n!y trains stopping at Valencia St. southbound
•ra«:10 ATM ..t7:00A.Ji ..11:30 a. Jt.. 3:20 *.M. and 6:30 r.*.
3SLpjli§IS§^| TO SAN BAFAEU
KBlS^lJil R0SS VALLEY,
?||l||gS MILL VALLEY,
gffra^P CAZADERO, ETC.
r^gg^£»|£^f via Sausalito Ferry.
Suburban ServiciW Standard Gauge Electric—
Depart from Pan *Vincisco««£aUy— 7:oo, 8:00.
»oo lu:0t>. 11:00 a m.. 12750. 1:45. 3:13.
415. 513. 6:13. 7:00. 8:45. 10:2O. 11:43 p. m.
FKOM BAM RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
_lr>ailv 5-^5, 6:S5. ":4O. 8:33. 9:33. 11:63
a m. ll'2i>. 1:45. 2.53. 3:45. 4:45. 3:43. 6:43.
8:45, 10:20 P- m.
I FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRAN-
CISCO— Dally— f»:43. «:55. 7:02. 8:53. 0:53,
11-20 n. m.. 12:35. 2:C0, S:13, 4:05. 5:05. 6:03.
7:03. 0:00. 10:3.-. v. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
8:00 a. in. week days — Cazadero and w»y
stations.
5:15 p. m. -week days (Saturdays excepted) —
Tomales and way stations.
3:15 t>- m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way
stations.
Sundays only — 10 a. m.. Point Reyes and way
stations.
TICKET OFFICE— 62S Market st.
FKRRT — Union Depot, foot of Market st.
The Weekly CalL
61 per Year.NEW YORK. Nw. 6 —The rtock market wa>
rubmergfcd again to-day under a deluge of
I'nited States Steel stocks. Tbe general list,
however, responded much less readily to the
pressing influence of the steel liquidation than
»a« the case yesterday. Whenever th« severe
pressure on the steel stocks was suspended, as
happened at interval*, the railroad stocks ral
lied easily, so that their level of prices was
above lafi night for about as much time as It
was b*low. The market closed In one of the
. Irtervals when there was no pressure on eteei.
to that prices elsewhere were rising and were
well above last night. Union Pacific and Penn
sylvania ibow a gain of a point on the day and
a number of the New York corporation stocks
somewhat more. The early liquidation In the
tneel shares was very violent, as Is shown by
the fact that the rsJen of the prefenM fcr tha
first hour alone were above 100.000 chares. It
1* not to be supposed that this enormous volurr.*
of dealings was wholly liquidated. Tbe room
proff-Miena.1* traded in these stocks on a ve-/
Urre scale ail day. I was said cf one tradff
who man v~y aeUvc «n the stock all day thai
be was nettli-r lcn«r r>T short for more than ten
minutes at a timr. sfMto the aggregate of his
Individual dealings amounted to many thou
sands of fharw. The low price touched for the
t common stock was 10%, for the preferred C2.
and for the band* 65%. The relatively greater
weakness of the preferred stock than the bonds
waji noticeable in view of the euppomd conver
sion of operations by ihe syndicate which would
Involve the purchase of preferred «tock for con
version into bonrti which would in consequence
be for eale. The heavy felling of the 6teels
*u the expression of a fear that the announced
cut of $4 per ton in the price cf steel billets
waa a preliminary to a reduction of prices of
all th« products and a general process of con
traction throughout the trade. There were
«on»e rather ep«clfic allegations also that oojne
ef the sailing was traceable to sources from
wtich It/ might be prompted by changes in the
executive department of the corporation. The
stock-market seemed to f»ce with equanimity
tr»» prospect cf another poor bank showing to
ra^ow. In addition to the losses to the sub
*o*>aiiury of $7,091,000. the banks have made net
" dfc.Pfnent* by «5Irect express to the Went and
po'-ih of upward of 13.000.000. Tbe Indicated
r »*h decrease of mere than 110.000,000 Is about
eqtfcl to Burp'ue renerve* shown by the banks
Is laet week's statement. Tbe stock market
Mmmanity seemed to rest in a sense of Mcuri
ty that this threatening showing somehow
New York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Stock and Bond Exchange. '
FRIDAY. Nov. 8—2 p. m .
UNITED STATES ¦ BONDS. •
Bid. Ask./ Bid. Ask
Is qr coup.. 110 — 4s qr new...l34%135Ji
la qr reg;...limil2UiSs qr coup.. 108^ —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5a. — — Do Ss __ n 0
Bay CPC 5s. — 103% Do con 5s. — 104 U
Cal C G 5s..lO4% — O W C g Ss — »f&
Cal C & E g. Oceanic S Ss 75 79
m & ct 5s. — 102% Om C R 6s. — 122
Cal-st 6s ... — — Pae B Im 4s — 97
C C Wat 5s. — 100 P.E Ry 6s. .105 103
E L & P 69.125 . — P & C H 6s. — __
F & C H 6s. — IIS P & O R 6s.ll6%120
Geary-st 5s. 45 , 90 Powell-st 6».113V*
H -C&3 5%s.l01 — S E G&R 5s. _ 101
H C & 8 5s. 9S%100 SF & SJV5s 117
Hon R T es.104%106 S R of V 6s.ll2% —
L A. Eleo 5s.l02%105% S P of A 6s
L A Ry 6s,.112V411.i% (1809) 108 —
L A L Co 6s. — — (1910) 10S%10»U
Do gtd 6e>. — — S P of C 6s
Do gtd Bs.lO2«10«% (1805)Sr A 102^102%
LAP lem 5s. — 103 (l»05)St - B — 103»i
Mkt-st C 68.11791"— (1906) ,...104%10e
Do 1 cm5s 114 (1912) 114 115
NRRofCOs— 107% SPC leg Bs. — —
Do 5s ....114%115% Do -stmpd.lO6«i0r.u.
N P C R 8s. — 100 S P B R 63.131 til33 ,
N C R 6s.. — 112 S V W 6s..lO5% —
N n P C Bs. — — Do 4s 2dm. 98% 99 ¦
N 8 R R Bs. — 100 Do 4s 8dm. 99 —
O O L H 5S.1O7 — Stkn G4E 6a 95 102%
O T Co 6s....ll7 — U G & E 5s. — 106
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 41% — (Port Costa.. — _
Marin Co... 61 , — |Sp V W Co. 30 89%
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. 8% 4% Sac E GAR. — _
Mutual E L. 9M, 10 S F G & E. 67%, 67%
Oak O L&H. — — ' S F Gas 3 3^2
Pac G Im.. — 55 Stkn G & E. 6 —
Pac L Co... 55% — UGAE...— _
TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES.
S F O & E. 67^4 67»i.
. . INSURANCE.
Firem'a Fnd.320 — : " ;
BANK - STOCKS.
Am Nat Bk. — 125 L P & A... .180 170
Anglo-Cal ... — 92% Mer Trust...23O
Bank of Cal. — 470 Mech Ex... — ' -^ .
Car Safe Dp. — 16o s F Nationl — —
First Natnl: — — ¦
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S A L. — — /Sav & L 8o. 95 100
Hum 8 & L. — — - /Sec Sav Bk.400 500
Mutual '¦ Sav. '— 110 J Union T Co. —
B-F Sav U.600 — / ;
; STREET RAILROADS.
California-.. — 205 (Presidio'.... 38 —
Geary ...... — , *0 - ' •;
/! POWDER.
Giant -..f.j 66 67 IVIgortt _.-.;.. ~ ' 4^4.
'¦; ./ ../ -/ *.•;;¦¦ - - -. -
PEACHES — Quiet. Choice are quoted at IV*
©7fic. extra choice at 7%@Sc and fancy at
9%@10»4c.
APRICOTS— Are at a moderate Jobbing de
mand and prices are firm. Choice OVi'S'O.He,
firm extra choice at 10%c. and fancy at 11®
12%c
PRUNES — Remain quiet and some con
cessions are reported to have been made on
medium. The range, however, still runs from
3V4®7%c on all grades.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market Is
quiet but prices are firm owing to the lim
ited supplies. Common are quoted at 4%c,
prime at 5%@6c, choice 6U@6%c, and fancy
st 7c.
COFFEE — Spot Rio, steady; No. 7 invoice,
6%c; mild, steady; Cordova. 7%@12Vic. The
coffee futures market closed steady at un
changed prices to a v decllne of 10 points. Sales
were 91.000 bags, including: December. 5. 70®
5.75c; January. 5.80c; March, 5.95@6.00c; May,
6.1B»6.2Oc; July. 0.25@0.30c; September, 6.35c
SUGAR — Raw. quiet; refined, steady.
DRIED FRUITS,
WOOL — Firm
NEW YORK, Nov. 6.— FLOUR— Receipts,
30.277 barrels; exports. 23.967 barrels. Sales,
12,800 barrels. Market, quiet but eteady. Min
nesota bakers'. $5 75^?4 10.
WHEAT — Receipts. 84,475 bushels; exports,
15.S44 bushels. Spot, firm; No. 2 red. SB'jc
elevator: No. 2 red. S6%c f. o. b. afloat; No.
1 Northern Duluth. S8%c f. o. b. afloat; No.
1 hard Manitoba, nominal, f. o. b. afloat. Op
tions were weak all day, closed H(g%c higher.
May closed S2%c,- July closed 79%c, December
closed 80 5-16c.
HOPS — Firm.
New York Grain and Produce.
WHEAT— Chicago was unsettled and de
clined from 7S^»c to 77% c and recovered to
7814c. The recent weakness In December was
explained by the announcement that 1,000,000
bushels of Northern • wheat had lately been
chartered for shipment from Duluth to Chi
cago. The week's clearances from American
ports, Flour included, according to Brad
street's, were 4,340,000 bushels.
The local market showed no change, beyond
a weakness in futures.
CASH WHEAT.
California Club, $1 40@l 45; California White
Australian, $1 50@l 55: Northern Club. $1 40
0)1 42>4; Northern Blue Stem, $1 00® 1 65; Ore
gon Valley. $1 40@l 45 per ctl.
FUTURES.
Session 0 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. . Low. Close.
December ..$1 39% $1 40V4 $1 29% $1 40".;
May I. 1 38% 1 38** 1 38 38
2 p. in. Session.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May.. $1 3S $138 $138 $138
December . . 1 40 1 40 1 40 1 40
BARLEY— Was quite firm yesterday. Fu
tures were somewhat higher and the cash grain
was firm at top quotations,' with holders try-
Ing to get $1 17% for No. 1 Feed.
CASH BARLET.
Feed. $1 15@1 17%: Shipping and Brewing,
$1 20@l 25; Chevalier, $1 20@l 45 for fair to
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11 :30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ..$1 14. $1 14% ,$1 14 $1 14^4
2 p. tn. Session.
Open. High. Low. Close
December . .$1 13% $1 13J, • $1 13% $113%
OATS— The tables on, the Produce Exchange
are showing an ample supply of offerings,
.which are meeting with fair attention from
local millers and feed dealers. Prices are
steady and unchanged. ¦
. White. $1 'Mt&l 3:s%; Black. 40©l 62%;
Red. $1 20®l 25 for feed and $1 25@1 33 for
seed; Gray. $1 22%@1 27% per ctl.
> CORN— There "have; been -no receipts of any
consequence from the West for a week or ten
days, and as arrivals from - the State have
also been small, stocks are limited and
the market rules very steady. There Is no
improvement- In prices. -however. •
'"western racked $130@l 32%^ for Yellow.
$1 30@l 32% for White and $1 30 for mixed;
California large Yellow, _ $1 35@1 40; smal
round do.'$l 5Q@1 60; White, $1 35^1 40 :Per
"rYE-II 25©1 30 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— $2 25@2 BO per ctl.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Ex-dlvldend yesterday: Imperial Oil Com
pany, regular monthly, 20c per share, amount-
Ing to $20,000; Thirty-three Oil Company, reg
ular monthly, 10c per share, amounting to
$10,000. '
The Northern Light Mining Company has de
clared a dividend of 5 cents per share, payable
November 20. •
Inactivity still prevails on the local ex
changes, end fluctuations ars few and narrow.
The only feature yesterday . was the selling; on
Home Oil In the afternoon at P5QO2Hc, sev
eral hundred shares changing hands.
Silver continues to decline and Mexican dol
lars are also lower.
Sterling Exchange. 60 days — $4 81^
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 85
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 86
New York Exchange, sight — 02%
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 05
Silver, per ounce — 58%
Mexican Dollars 44% @ 45
Exchange and Bullion.
PLUMS — Coe"s late red.- 40@60c per box.
GRAPES — 3O@50c for email boxes, 50<g75c
for crates ana $1 25@1 75 for large open boxes.
NUTMEG MELONS— 50@85c per box.
CITRUS FRUITS — Valencia Oranges, $2@
3 50 per box; Lemons. $1@2 50 per box; Grape
Fruit, $1 50#2 50; Mexican Limes, $4g4 50;
Bananas $1 50@2 per bunch for Hawaiian and
$2 50®3 25 for Central American; Pineapples,
$2@2 50 per dozen. ¦ .
APPLES— 9Oc0$l 25 per box for fancy, 50®
85c for good to choice and 25@40o for common.
PEARS— $1@1 50 per box for fancy Winter
Nellls and 50#75o for other varieties.
QUINCES— 40@60c Der box. s
FIGS— 50c@$l per box.
POMEGRANATES — 75@85o for small boxes
and $1 75®2 50 for large.
PERSIMMONS— 76c®$l per box.
Two more cars of Eastern Cranberries were
received yesterday. The .demand was fair and
ail descriptions were firmly held. Receipts of
Matinda Strawberries from Watsonvllle were
light probably on account of the recent rain,
and "prices ranged higher. Longworth Straw
berries and Raspberries arrived freely and
brought good prices. Huckleberries were of
fering agalq and met with steady demand.
There was a good demand for fine Apples,
Persimmons and suitably packed Grapes for
shipment on the Honolulu steamer, out to
day, and * the market for those descriptions
was quite active In consequence. Tokay and
Isabella Grapes were steady at the maximum
quotation, while 65c was the top for the other
varieties. Receipts of large open boxes con
tinued light and cleaned up well at firmer
rates. Small quantities of Figs were received,
but attracted very little attention. Stocks of
other deciduous fruits were heavy and prices
¦were without quotable change.
Valencia- Oranges are well cleaned up and
firmer. The Honolulu steamer, which sails
to-day, will (take out some large shipments.
New crop Navels are offering at $3@3 M) per
box, but are too green to Invite custom. Limes
and Lemons are plentiful and easy. Ripe Ba
nanas are scarce and firm. The recent arrivals
from Honolulu are still in the cellars and ma
turing slowly.-
STRAWBERRIES — Longworths, $5®10 per
chest; large Berries, $2 50@4 for Mallndas and
$3gU for the other varieties.
RASPBERRIES— $4®6 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 8®9c per lb.
CRANBERRIES— Cape Cod, $11(311 25; Jer
seys, $10 75 per bbl; Coos Bay. $2 50®3 per
box. - ..--,-:
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Oil Stock— Bid. Asked.
Alma 140
Apollo 43
Associated Trust Cert ., 20 23
Aztec > 77% »
California Standard 11
Caribou 100 10ft
Central Point Con 65 «8
Chicago Crude 1» -"
Claremont 2* $0
F.speranza 150 .....
Hanf ord "."'.'.'.'.'.'..'.'.!.'.¦ ... .130 Oft .....
Home »2H 91V,
Imperial •• »»
Independence 17 1!>
Junction 19 ' 20
Kern .... * °°
Kern River -¦ 13 00
Lkm 03 04
' Monarch <of Arlxona) 49 51
Monte Crlsto so .....
i Occidental of W Va 17 1 >
Oil City Petroleum 2T 2S
Peerless 14 00
Plttsbur*; 20
Reed Crude 40
B F & McKlttrlck 2 75
San Jcaauln O & D 5 75 ••";
Senator 55
Sovereign 38 4»>
Sterling - •'•¦• 2 *^
Superior O 5 ••-••
Thirty-three •-, 7 50
Toltec 21 25
Twenty-eight * 25
West Shore 2 90
Miscellaneous — ".c";^
Abby Land & Impt... 1 30
Alameda Sugar \ p
American Biscuit 05
American District Tel
Cal Gas & Electric Corp
Cal Cotton Mills SS 00
Cal Jockey Club 1«CV OO
Cal Shipping Co 25 OO
Cal Titl« Ins & Trust 130 0O 140 00
Central Bank of Oakland 6O 00
Chutes Company 7 25 8 50
Cypress Lawn Impt Co « 50 7 25
Fischer's Theater 2 00 , 2 37lj
Gas Consumers' Assn 23 50
Honolulu Sugar 14 50 ....;
Northern Cal Power . & W>
North Shore Railroad 6 00
Orpheum Company 15 23 16 23
Pacific States Tel (s. Tel .13
Paraftlne Paint : 33 00
San Francisco Drydock 47 00
Sanitary Reduction Works... 2 50
Sausallto Land & Ferry 16 00
Sperry Flour Co 27 50 30 00
Standard Electric IS OO
Testa Coal Co SO t*>
Truckee Electric 13 25
Union Sugar 22 50 .......
United Gas & Electric 31 50
• SALES.
Mornins Session.
Board —
100 Monarch 49
Street —
1000 Superior 00
100 Home, b5 VS
1C0 Home, b 10 '. :>."»
COO Home 92V1
100 Fischer's. » 90 2 25
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
•' The following were the sales on the San
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester
day:
Morning Session. . "
200 Belcher 13 700 Overman .... 21
700 Caledonia ....1 10 400 Savage Iff
1100 Caledonia ... .1 C5 100 Seg Belcher. . 09
200 Con Cal & Va.1 05 100 Silver Hill. 7.*^ U
600 Gould A Cur. W 200 Silver Hill. . . 57
Calif orniaStock andOil Exchange
LOCAL MARKETS.
Flour, qr ska... 11.667 Shorts, *ks 70
Wheat, ctls 20. $26 Feed, sks «oo
Barley, ctls 58,330 Screenings, sks. 200
Porn, ctls 400 Tallow, ctls 205
neana. sks 2.070. Pelts. No 3,5.12
Potatoes, sks... Hides. No...;.. 747
Dran, sks 2,-*>25.Ras1ns. bxs 5tv»
Middlings, sks.. 375 Leather, rolls... 5»
Hay, tons 140 Wine, gals 55,900
Utraw, tons 43 Paper, rms 379
Hops, bales. 361 Uugar. ctls l,(V50
Wool, bales lfWjUme. bbls 40S
Buckwheat, sks. 845 Brandy, gals.... Bfto
Alfalfa seed, sks 187lChIcory, bbls... SO
FOR FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 6.
Receipts of. Produce.
SEATTLE. Nov. 6.— Clearings. $7?S,5ft4; bal
ances. $141,021.
PORTLAND. Nov. 6. — Clearings, $79t,852;
balances. $111, CSS.
TACOMA. Nov. 6.— Clearings, $363,366; bal
anrcs, $47,006.
SPOKANE. Nov. 6.— Clearings, $124,172;
balanees.N $27,656.
Northern Business.
WASHINGTON
TACOMA. Nov. .6.— WHEAT—^jc higher.
Bluestem, 81 Vic; Club. 77 He.
PORTLAND, Nov. 0.— WHEAT— Walla Wal
la, 74c; Bluestem. 78c; Valley. 7Sc
OREGON
Northern IV heat Market.
The f!.!lutv;i-fc ars the seasonal rainfa.ls to
riatc as iNjr.i;»red with th.«-:e of the yam? date
l;.t-t ' s#aso:i and rain!?.'.! in la*t tv.-*r.ty-f./ur
. h^urs :
Lan This La?t
Stations- -I hoars. S«a?on. Seaton.
lurch* Trace «.»* 3. On
fad iiijfr "¦<" i-« :i -H
Sacrament-. <J.<«> " •'¦" «-«•
i-^i, Fnacisea •••«> " •' •" 1 - 1 .',
Krvsii,, <'.oo Og» 8.42
Fan Luis Orti.-r" •¦• <'•"" <>Vi 2-'^0
Los V::e»-W O.O8 O.ii 0.3»
ICejro *>¦'"' O.C> O.9-S
riu: ooast ueccku.
t3 £ i£ ¦ ' *7
STATIONS. £ 2= 5 i 5,3 f" =!
Jiaker 23.82 •'•* 40 £IZ « : -u.ly .«)
' 'trsr.n ;T.t.Mi «w 30 NW < - !*-ar .00
TureKa lii.sv »rj .".4 i* il u3y T.
•rara!i.:u 29 .V2 00 .".< NW Clear .09
Ki-tsan l".'.f>2 7«» 4« NW /Clear -0>t
FUcvtaff -J-.t.'-s <••. *J4 SW ci.ar .O1
lra« p<:id*-n' s «. .2".).'.'U 7" 4S 8Fi • '!f ar .«•(> i
' V» AnRdrt ..T.t.'.m On 4S SW Pt.Ody .00
Mt. rasRaJpate.S9.1M >*> 44 NW i\>rs.r .<*>
North I letui ..:::». !>0 :>1 ** .«v\- (-jr.udy .92 ]
Ph.«riU 2».S| ti in SW Oar .Ort i
Pcrstcilo ra.^i 64 S8 SB «"!ear .00 1
Pi>rtlan<l S3.94 .vj :,; sf: itain 3.5't
Point r>yes ..~>.SS SO M NW Cl»sr .<O
R'd niuff — •-¦<.' w a 44 e it.cidr .00
H^rl>urK 2»JM rj> .',<; xe nain .M
f-aoramenta ..2^. i o» 70 4<j P fjear .<«>
I^ake T*.?»* «V5 4S w Clear .<v»
Fan FVunciwo.^.W <v> r.4 w "c|o ar .<y\
F. L OW»po..2n.« 7<! PR p Ci»a.r .'« !
fijin r>S»go ...Xi.S* *r2 r.s ;jw Cloudy .W)
Feart!# 20.SH .Vi it BE Pt.Cldy .1*5
Fpckan*- 29.74 r.2 M S FUin !«2
Tatfv-^h 29. SO r,4 -%rt w llaln •»*»
Walla WaIl«..2n.M Ofl t'A p |» a i n .'jrt
V^'inneinucca .2O.S<? «4 24 TV near 00
Tum» 2T>.sn M 48 NE <"Jear .00
WEATHER CONniTIONS AND GENERAL.'
F0R.ECAST.
Tb» rremsure has fallen repidly "v»r Nr>rth
ern <'a!ifcrma and the intermouritRjn rerion.
There ha» b**n a slight rlf«» m-«t Washington
end Northern Oregon.
Rain is reported from Eureka northward and
ccnditir>r.(> are favorahl- for tinawtlcd weather
Psturdsy generally on the Pacific Ccast.
The temperanire has fallen about 10 degrees
m.-*r Oregon. In California there has h*»>n
but little chance.
Forecast made «t Kan Fram-isoo for thirty
h"ur» endlnc midds^it. November 7:
Northern California — Cloudy Raturdav. wltH
rain m the nortliern rorticm; freeh southerly
«1nd«.
Pouthern C«j;fornia — Cloufiy and unsettled
*-»ather Parnrflay; fr^sh *(njthw»>»t wind.
Nevada — Cloudy, cooler Peturday.
Pan Francisco and \-lclnity — 'Cloudy and un
»»ttle<l weather Saturday, probably light show
ers: Mrht northerly winds, chamring; to fresh
*outfc*riy. A. G. Me A DIE.
District Forecaster.
ST. IX)UIS. Nov. 6.— WOOL— Steady. Me
dium grades combines and clothing, 17®21c;
liBht fine. lftffnVjc; heavy fine. tub
washed, 20<f»30c.
St. Louis Wool Market.
Thers was a temporary scarcity of fine
creamery Butter yesterday, which enabled
those houses carrying light stocks to advance
their prices, which most of them did. Such
houses quoted 31c. But the heavy handlers
did not change their previous quotations, on
the ground that thrrp steamers, one bringing
a double quantity, fall due from the northern
coast between now and Monday, and that there
would be plenty on hand again at the begin
ning of the week. These different procedures
rendered the market more or less nominal, and
made accurate quotations difficult, especially
as some houses, which had no stock to speak
of, quoted even over 31c. The prices quoted
below are as close as the market can be given
at the moment.
Che«s<s continues weak, with heavy supplies.
Dealers still complain of the alow demand
for Eggs. Prices remain unchanged. Receipts
do not vary much from day to day, running
eomewhat over 600 cases dally.
Receipts were 21.000 lbs Butter, 622 cases
Eggs and 2C.S0O lbs Cheese. '
BUTTER— Creamery. 30@31c for extras and
26'827'ric for seconds; dairy. 21@25c; store But
ter. 17%S19c; cold storage, 24@26c; Eastern,
23®25c o«r lb ¦
CHEESE — 12B12i4c for the general market.
13$13Hc for select mild new and ll@ll}ic for
lower grades: Young Americas. lS^-gUc: East
ern 15i.4@16*ic; Western, 14@15c per lb.
EGGS— Ranch. 4O@43c for choice and 35®
37>Ac for small and mixed colors; store, nom
inal: cold storage. 27 H<5?3Oc; Eastern, 2S#30o
tor fresh and 23@30c for cold storage.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., Nov. 6. — CATTLE — Re
ceipts, OoO; steady. Native, $3 75@S 40; cows
ar.d heifers, ?1 25^4 50; stockers and 'feeders,
$2 5003 8.1. ' ¦ ': .- ¦ -
HOGS — Receipts. 3520; steady to 5c lower.
Light. $1 tNOtfp 10; medium and heavy, $4 70
85. •
SHEKP — Receipts. 494: firm. Lambs, $5 25;
wecthers. $3 60; ewes, S3 15.
ST. JOSEPH.
CHICAGO, Nov. 6.— CATTLE — Receipts,
2000. Including 100 Texans and 700 Western.
Steady. Good to prime steers. $r»t?5 50; poor
to medium $3 TrOtfi 75; stockers and feeders.
$2©4 15; cows. $l(Q3 50; heifers. $2@4 75; can
ners. $1®2 23; bulls. $1 75fi4 20; calves. $2®
7 23; Texas fed steers. $393 50; Western
steers. $2 OO<54 15.
HOGS— Receipts to-day. 14,000; to-morrow.
11.000; 10c lower. Mixed and butchers'. $4 65
©5 25; good to choice heavy. $4 85*75 10;
rough heavy H 40® I SO; light. $4 70@5 20;
bulk of sales. $4 S0@5.
SHEEP — Receipts.. SOOO. Sheep and lambs.
10p higher. Good to choice wethers. $.1 40®
3 S5; fair to choice mixed. $2 8O@3 30; West
ern Sheep $2@3 CO: native lambs, $3 60@5 75;
Western lambs, $3 50^5 15.
CHICAGO.
Eastern Livestock Market.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK. Nov. 6. — Tha cotton market
opened firm at a decline of 4 points, closing
wea^k, 2 to 3 points lower. ;
RED AND" WHITE LEA"D— Red Lead, 6%O
7c r**r 1b; 'White Lead;- 6V6©7c. according to
quantity.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb, In 100-lb bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.85c;
Powdered. 5.70c; Candy Granulated. 5.70c; Dry
Granulated, fine. 5.60c; Dry Granulated, coarse
fi.COc; Fruit Granulated. 5.60c; Beet Granu
lated (100-lb bags only). 5.40c: Confectioners'
A. -5.60c: Magnolia A. 5.20c; Extra C. 5.10c;
Golden C. 5c: "D," 4.90c; barrels, 10c more;
half barrels. 25c more; boxes, 60c more; 50-lb
bags, 10c more for all kinds. Tablets^ — Half
barrels, 6.10c; boxes, &35c; H. * E. Crystal
Dominos. 8.60c per lb. No orders taken for
less than seventy-flve barrels or Its equivalent.
BAGS — Grain Bags. 6@5^c: San Quenttn.
5.55c; Wool Bags. 32@35c; Fleece Twine. 7tf
@8c; Cotton Fruit Bags, 6%c, 6^4 c and 7 Vic for
the three grades: Brown Jute. tHj@7Uc.
COAL — Wellington. $8 per ton; New Wel
lington. $8: Seattle. $6 50; Bryant. $6 50; Bea
ver Hill. $5 50; Stanford. $7; Roslyn, $7; Cooa
Bay. $5 50; Greta. $7; Wallsend. $7; Rich
mond. $7 50; Cumberland. $13 in bulk and
$14 25 In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg.
$14; Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13; Welsh Lump.
$11 50; Cannel. $8 50 per ton; Coke. $11 50-»
13 per ton In bulk and $15 In sacks; Rocky
Mountain descriptions. $11 45 per 2000 lbs and
$12 80 per long ton. according to brand.
OIL — Linseed,' 49c for boiled and 47c for raw
in barrels; cases, 5c more; Castor Oil. In cases.
No. 1. 70c; Bakers' AA. $1 10©l 12; Lucol, 44o
for boiled and 42c for raw In barrels; Lard
Oil, extra winter strained, barrels. 85c; case*,
90c; China Nut. C5^70c per gallon; ,pur«
Neatsfoot. in barrels. 75c; cases. 80c: Sperm.
pure, 75c; Whale Oil. natural white, 50@55c
per gallon; • Fish Oil. In barrels. 45c; cases.
50c; Cocoanut Oil, In barrels, 58c for Ceylon
and 55c for Australian.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil In bulk.
1514c; Pearl Oil In cases. 22c; Astral. 22c; Star.
22c: Extra 8tar. 26c; Elaine.. 2Sc; Eocene. 25c ;
deodorized Stove Gasoline, in bulk. 17c;' In
cases. 23\4c: Benzine, in bulk. 13c: in cases.
19V4<--; Mi-<ltKre« Gasoline. In bulk. 21c; la
cafes, 27 %c .
TURPENTINE— 80c per gallon la cases .and
74c In drums and Iron barrels. ¦ * •
General Merchandise.
Receipts of Poultry were moderate and
everything in the Chicken line continued firm
at previous prices. Extra large Hens con
tinued to command a small premium over the
quoted rates. Live Turkeys were In free
supply I and although the demand was rather
slack, prices were maintained. About 14 cases
of dressed Turkeys came In and sold at a
wide range as to quality. Fancy stock cleaned
up readily at 24©25c. and poor and scrubby
offerings sold from 21<323c.
Game met with a brisk demand and several
descriptions were quoted higher.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, lS@20c per lb for
young and 14@16c for old: Geese, per pair.
$1 75@2; GoBllncs, $2@2 25; Ducks, $4S5 per
do«»n for old and $5@0 for young; Hens. $4 50
©5 50 for small and $5 50(20 50 for largo:
young Roosters. ?.V05 50: old Roosters. $4 50
<S5; Fryers, $4 50<S5: Broilers. $3 50@4 for
large and $303 50 for small; Pigeons. $1@
1 25 per dozen for old and $2@2 25 for Squabs.
GAME— Mallard Ducks. $4 50@0 50 per doz
en; Canvasback. $4@7; Sprig. $4@5; Teal, $2 50
®3; Widgeon. $2@2 50; small Ducks. $1 60©2;
Gray Geese. $.*!; White Geese, $1@2; Brant,
$1 25 for Email and $2 50 for» large; English
Snipe. $3; common Snipe, $1 75; Wild Doves.
$1 25; Rabbits, $1 75 for Cottontails and $1 25
for Brush; Hare, $1 25.
Poultry and Game.
Iron closed at 48s 9d In Glasgow and at
42s 9d In Middlesboro. Locally Iron was un
settled, but showed no further change. No.
1 foundry. Northern, ?15@10; No. 2 Northern,
$14 2.Vfil5; No. 1 foundry. Southern, and No.
1 foundry. Southern, soft, $15^14 25.
Spelter closed at 6c, and was unchanged In
the local market as it was In London, where
the close waa £21 2s 6d.
NEW YORK, Nov. 0. — Tin was very weak
In London, spot declining £1 12s 6d to £115
15s, while futures were £1 7s 6d lower at £116
16s. Locally tin was weak, closing at $22 50.
Copper declined 7s 6d for spot in London,
that position closing at £57 15s, while futures
were 10s lower at £57 f>s. Locally coooer la
quiet. - Lake is quoted at $13 95<@14. electro
lytic at $13 «2'i and casting at $13 50.
Lead unchanged at $4 50 here was Is 3d
lower in I.ondon at £11 2s 6d.,
New York Metal Market.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered tn San Francisco, less 60
per cent shrinkage for Cattle.
CATTLE — Steers. S©9c; Cows and Heifers,
7©8c; thin Cows. 4©5c per pound.
CALVES — 49414c per pound (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 3^@3%c; Ewes. 3®3&o
per pound (grots weight).
LAMBS— $2 75@3 per head.
HOGS — Live Hogs. 150 to 250 lbs, 8^c;
under 150 lbs. 6H@5%c; Sows, 20 per cent off:
Boars, 60 per cent off, and Stags, 40 per cent
off from above quotations.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— 6©-7c for Steers and 5®6o p«r lb for
Cows.
VEAL — Larnre, 6O8o; small. S@9o per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7%68%c; Ewes, T©So
per lb.
LAMB- 0@10c per lb.
PORK— Dressed Hogs, 7V69C per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The Daekers report plenty of Hogs coming;
in. though arrivals are not excessive. Quota
tions stand as before. .
DRESSED MEATS.
Meat Market.
SAN" FaANCIdCO. Nov. « — 5 P. m
<12uth Uerftftan — Pacific Time.)
Weather Report.
The bark Albert sailed for Honolulu yester
fis.) wilh an ats^orted merchandise cargo, val
u.d at >ir.. # J75. i.nd Incluilr.g the following:
1900 LMc flour. 1853 ctls barley, 30,806 lbs
tran. BOO bales hay, 137 ctls wheat. .15.131 lbe
oats. Wit lbs corn. JO.SSS Ibe middlings. 30.61**)
It.« sail. ULCOO !*¦ sugar. 13,7<;7 !bs l«eans. SiXJ
Ibt chocolate. . 237^ lbs meals. b37 cs t-annej
.-. 1MT5 lbs '.j-ss, :>i<0 cs canned (sal.-non. 300
Ll,i* iud U> balf-bb)s iiickled wlmon, 300 lbs
hor-> 1X330 lb* lard. ir.a40 lbs bread. lOo catks
battled txrer. *<}>':> ga!s wine. tMM" lbs dried fruit,
i.'nt lb« raifins-, 2415 lbs nuts. 0 cs extracts. 7a
i;Kg£ pro<^n<-» : and jirovigions, 1W2S gals vine
*ar. 2'"' <.s whi.-ky. SI bx» soap. 40 pkg* dry
goods SB <s huts and caps, S cs paper. 15 coils
ton itw.Ki u*!s thlngi.-s. 4S bdls shook?. 'M
tkgs fchi;> chat.dicrj-. 27J oars. IS c* bo..ts end
-fn*it no lint matches. 1132 Jhs ytan-h. 21 io
ibs tobacco. 2 cs cigang. 15 fcbls oil. 275 kegs
red and wi.it- lead. Hi rtr^ms tarbide, 13,483
lbs shrimp fhullf. IU2 cs gasoline, B cs candles.
600 galf difSi'.latc
Merchandise for Honolulu.
The British ?hiD Loch Tcrri.ion *m cleared
f -r the Farr.e pert uiTh 43.141 eg canned fruit.
S445 cs canned salmon. 1OU cs canned vegre-
Uibite. 1'J.uCXt ct'.s wheat. IS.144 ctls barley.
4O6.7US .!.-.- orchlJ'.s, 24S gals wine and 5 bbls
cauup. vsJueJ at gUJjlO; also 15.000 ft lum-
Wr dur.nige. valued at *225.
The British ship Crocodile was cleared for
Liverpool yesterday Ti-tth 03.RS& cs canned sal
man. 6200 cs cfMati fruit. ai.i>5 ctls barley
and 7147 ctU uheAt. valut-d at 1387.843- The
shfp also i-at-rietl rti.CSU ft lumber at dunnage,
.<¦_..: at J ;r;>
Tzi'O Cargoes for Liverpool.
Stocks— Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchlson 23,700 63 64% 64 T i
Atchisoc pfd 1. 100 90 89% 89%
Baltimore & Ohio.. 13.500 75% 74H 75%
Bait & Ohio pfd... 100 88 Sft 87%
CaradiaE Pacific... 1,400 118 117% 117%
Cent of New Jersey 155
Ches & Ohio 14.200 30*4 2934 30
Chicago & AIt<*n... 1.70O 26U 27*4 2S*i
Chi & Alton pfd... 100 04 " 64 04
Chicago & Gt West 100 15 15 14'i
Chi & Gt West pfd 200 2CTi 2.1»4 26*4
Chicago & N W... 200 164 162V» 163
Chi Term & Trans. 500 8% 8»; 8
Chi T & T pfd 100 17% 17% 16
C. C. C & St. Louis „ .... 68
Colorado Southern. 200 12Vi 12 12*,;
Colo S 1st rM 400 54 63 53%
Colo 3 2d pfd 200 21 U 20% 21
Dela & Hudson 152
r>H. I-ack & West 230
Der. & Rio G J9
I>fn t Rio G pfd 68%
Erie 43.(KV) 28% 26V; 26»i
; Erie 1st pfd 2.4W 6«Hi 66 6«'
• Erie 2d pfd 700 48 48 48^4
Gt Northern pfd 160
¦ Hiking Valley , 7114
• Hr-t king Val pfd 80
Illinois Central loo 130% 130% 130%
'<-»» Central IdO 20 20 19%
Inwa Central prd.; 100 32% 32% 32
1 K C Southern 17^
K O SnuitiTn pfd .... .... 30%
Lowlrv & Nashv... 7.<>K> l<v»v t 9514 jo,)
Manhattan L 2,4IX> lfjflv; 134 H 13«
; Metropol St Ry...: 2,000 1104 10S% 10!>%
j Minn & .«t. Louis.. 2<X> 45^i 44% 44
wV^T 1 " 1 I>aoiSc ---- 23."<K> 89)4 &*>% S»'Si
I Mis. Kan* & Texas 1*514
1 M. K & r pM 1O0 :;5 33 341
i Nat R U. of Mexico
! N U Ti of M*x pfd. 1(»O 3S SS 37J.i
SfsY Central 2.::<x» 11914 U<\\ 117U
Norfolk & West... 1.100 5*i% 56 56*4
I Nrr S-. Wcrt nfd
Ontario A- West :.*. ...'.
: Pennsylvania £>.f»00 1 1 7 » i 116U lilii
P. <\ C & St. Louis r.5
fUadin* «.7<X» 44«s 43*4 44?4
Kfa<l!nir let t»fd... ..... .,.. .... 77
Rfading 2<i pfd.... - 1;,,
Rfw>k Islan<t Co.'. . . 1S,O«» 24 *i 2T.I; 24>4
U<:ck >f\ i'o ifd...* 700 T« 57'4 57 T 4
St. Louis & K r..i. ' nA
Si. I. * S F l«t f.M ..... .... '.'.['. CO
Bt L * S F 24 pM 4i)f» 4S 45 44*;
St. I>mip S -V 20") 13'i 13 13 '
Sr. I/iui« S pfj.... 2>|»;
rt. I"aul I..VX> 17.0i 4 n;i. 138
Et. I'aul pM K^> 172% 172% 172
Souih^in Pacific... 5.<**t 4p 4 41 45^
Rcottera Rallwajr. <kh» 17* 171- -177-
H Railway pfd Jftirt 7:l«, 73 73U
Texas & Pacific... 2<*> 22U 22U 22»i
Tbiedo. 6t. I. A W. Km 17 17 17*
T. :>«. T. A- W pfd. 100 25 23 25
fnion Pacific 24.I*X> 72 70% -;\ii,
1'niOTj Pacific pfd.. 4«o 85 S5 £5'
Vaba.-h 2.»«rt 19VJ isu \h\
Wtta?-h j>M 3.*O0 r?2»i 31 14 32U
Wh«l * Lskf E .... ni!
Wtsconsfn Central. l,lf*> 1« 15 ]V,i;
Wisconsin Cm. pfd rjuo 341,4 33^ M i?
Kxrrti* Companies —
Ad*.m*s ..... .... 223
A nifrli-an .... . . •; .
United Statin ¦ -.-; -joo
W»ll5-Fargo 200
MiFcelHroous —
AmaUam <"orper.. 45JB23 36'4 SS^i ::«t;
Amer far * FVmnd 3..ino isy^ lsiv^ i{»^
Am*r Car & F pfd. fiio «rt" 65 g^
Am^r Llns<»-d Oil.. 120 J>V« 9*i 9
Amer !-in Oil pfd 25
Amer Locomotive.'. l.«V>0 12% 12>4 12%
Air,«r Ix>rr> pfd 414 75 74'4, 7S '
Am«r Smelt A- R*f . S.410 42% 41ii 42&i
Am Smelt 4 R rM Cm S7 M 80%
Amor Sugar Rpf... 4.P25 ll. r .«4 114>i llRls
Anaconda Min Co.. .T*> <52 62 *52^4
Hrooklyn R Transit 12.6S0 35^ 34 H 35^
Colo Fuel & Iron 2*!%
Colum & H Coa!... 1(V) n% 0% nu
Consolidated Gas.. 760 17<> 173*5 176
O«n*ra.l Electric... 40) 147 H6 147
Interntl Pap<?r 1014
In»«>rnM Pap»r pfd 6Oi^
Interntl Pump . 100 30 SO 29
Interrtl Pump pfd $%
National Biscuit .. 200 34*4. 34H 34
National Lead 12
North American... 440 70 70 70
Northern Security ' S6%
Pacific Mall 3<V> 20% 20% 20U
People Gas 1.100 Mvl 92% ttfVi
Pr»ss»d StoeJ Car.. 1.020 27% 2fl 27
Prised P Car pfd. 375 67 66% 67
Pullman Palace Car 1OO 215
RopuMfc Pt»»l 3.V> 6% 6% &U.
Rf public £t**l pfd. 12.510 V> 48 49
Rubber Goods 300 14»4 14 ]S%
Rubber Gorvli pf <i.. 3(V> «7H 674 fijl
Tenn Coal & Iron.. 5.520 27»4 26% 27
D fi Leather 1.400 7S 7% 7vi
I" f= leather prd... !wy> 75»4 75^i 7Si;
TT s Rubber 3Ot> 9V« 0 $*:
IT R Rubber pfd 35 '
T T S Steel 4.235 11 H 101$ joTi
V S Steel pfd 23.455 54% B2 M%
Western Union 215 S3»| 8S S3
Total i^tles B98.4flO
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK. Nov. 6.— Bond transactions of
the I'nited Railroads of San Francisco: 16 000
at 7GH. 10,000 at 764. *«.wu
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S r*f 2s. reg...lC7% L & Naeh unl 4s. 98%
Do 2«. coup 107% Man con c 4s .102>A
Do 3s, re* ....10SH Mexican Cen 4b' 70H
Do 3». coup ..108^ Do 1st Inc ....' 1314
Do new 4s, reK.134V4 Minn & St L 4s 97
Do nw 4s. coup.134^ Mo. K & T 4« " 87ti
Do old 4s, reK.lim Do 2ds .. " 75^
Do old 4»,eoup.lll\4 Na of Mex con'4»76
Do tm. reg 101^ N Y Cen gen 3Us 99H
Do 6e. coup.. ..101% N J Cen ren 5a 103*4
Atchieon sen 4s..lOOH No PaciHc 4s "lO2
Atchison adj 4».. 86% No Pacific 3a * 70
Atlantic C L 4»... 91 N & W con 4»" u*t
B & Ohio 4s 100 Or S L 4a & par" 91 u.
Do 3>4b 95% Penn conv Zy>... oni?
Cen of Ga 6s 104 Reading gen' 4s »«&'
Do 1st Inc C8 S L & IM eon Os'lli
Che« & Ohio 4V£s.l01i4 Kt L & S F fg 4. «•»
Chi & A 3>4« 7S% St L S W lsts. B3
C. n & Q new 4s. 93H Seaboard A L 4* ««
C.M *8tP gen 4s.I10 So Pacific 4s.... ' $7
C & N W con 7*.13OW, Southern Ry {Vs.. 112V
C. R I t P 4*... 72li Texas & P lsts.. .117
Do col 5s 73 T. St L & W 4s.. 68
CCC & StL gen 4s 06% Union Pacific 4s.lO2U
Oht Terminal 4s. 75 Union P conv 4s. 03 li
Con Tob 4s 65 US Steel 2d 6s.. 66%
Colo & 60 4a fi6 Wabash lsts .... 113V?
Denver & R O 4s. 59>4 Do Deb B B5
Erie prior lien 4s 9S% W & Lake E 4«.. R«
Do gen 4a 83% Wla Cen 4s ; 89
F W & D Cy lst.106 Colo Fuel 70
Hock Val 4 14 ji... 1051.4
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 10 OnUrlo 4 60
Alice 14 Ophir ,'i 30
Breece 10 Phoenix 07
Com Tunnel 05% Potoel 12
Con C & Va I 05 Savage " 11 ¦
Horn Silver 1 05 Sierra N«v *."*3 Si
Iron Sliver 1 10 Small Hopes .....".' 15
Leadvllle Con .... 02 Standard . 2 15
Little Chief 07
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
y^7°r er ~ «,„ IWestnrtse Com... 65
Call loans 3% 1 Mlninr—
Time loans 6©C Adventure 4
Bonds — Allouez -414
Atchlson 4s 9914 Amalgamated ..... 86
Mexican Cen 4s.. 68 Daly West . 37^
Railroads— Binghara ........ 22^4
Atchison <X% CaJumet &. H 440^
Do pfd 89% Centennlal> 7614
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
would be averted from reflection In to-morrow's
bank statement, as It was last week and for
two weeks preceding. Further large ship
ments of currency were made to-day and the
rate of call lpans touched as high as 6 per cent.
but sterling exchange fell weakly to as low as
the low point of Monday, when gold was en
p%Kvd in Lordo.n and there can be no doubt
that an inflow of gold would easily result from
any additional pressure for money.
The bond market continued duIL Total sales.
par value. $2.4'J7.O00.
I'nited States 2s declined % per cent on th<?
lest call.
Percentage.
Cities — Clearings. Inc. Dec.
•New York $1,041,765,322 2t>.4
•Chicago 177.314.308 10.5
•Boston 146.491,891 8.1
•Philadelphia 103.386.184 4.6
•St Louis 47.313.930 6.9 ....
Plttsburg 30.677,222 6.6
•San Francisco .. 32.757,612 25.8
•Baltimore 19.518.134 3.9
Cincinnati 23,001.300 1.8
•Kansas City 25.822,394 25.6
Cleveland 14,t»95,665 2.4 ....
•Minneapolis 21,709,822 18.8
•New Orleans 18,<»»5.434 32.1
Detroit 10.007,088 1.0
•Louisville 9,710,833 11.4
Omaha 8.270.732 11.2 ....
•Milwaukee 8.087.843 15.8
1 'Providence 6.723.500 .... 1.8
I •Buffalo 6.252,000
•St Paul 7,121,830 13.0
Indianapolis 6.SU5.S29 4.8
Los Angeles 6.470.295 41.5
•St. Joseph 4.450,627 .... 2.6
Denver 4.897,900 6.9
Richmond 3.780,4«;» 18.2
Columbus 4.6S3.500 6.8 ....
'Seattle 4,340.9*37 2.2
1 Washington 4,0*57,542 1.1
•Savannah 5,640,172 10.2
Memphis 6.91S.525 33. 7 ....
Albany 3.727.135 JS.6
Salt Lake City.. 3,179.956 0.6
•Portland. Or 4.161.202 2.3
•Toledo 2.01S.186 8.0
Fort Worth 4,158.205 52.4
Peoria 2.076.2:57 6.4
Hartford 2.586.252 5.4
Rochester 2,777.502 13.1
Atlanta 3,658.703 1.0
Des Moines 2.170.S91 2.4
New Haven 1. 803.256 13.5
Nashville 2,661.851 34.4
Spokane Wash... 2.8O7.7CO 26.9
Grand Rapids .... l,84:i,«47 6.9
Sioux City l.:;*'.O,197 18.1
Springfield, Mass. 1.675,104 2.8
Norfolk 2.140,661 10.5
Davton 1.711.018 16.2
Tacoma 2.243.222 13.2 ....
Worcester 1.4i"..M.1 23.9
\ugusta Ga l.S«n,9f« 20.3
Portland'. Me l.«57.7S4 .... 5.0
Scranton 1.726, 4*>1 32.6 ....
Topeka 1.482.0G6 .... 13.0
Syracuse 1,4:U.2<C .... 10.1
Evansville 1.519.5OS 59.7
Wilmington. DpI.- J-" 0 -^' 2 .'. tt
Birmingham V$£kI " ii
Davenport l.OtKR^H £•••
Tall Kiver 947.670 .... *.l
Llttl. RocU 1.2-i:t,2Sl 16.0
Knoxvlllc K 120 ,-"* HI
Maron liM.OOO 12.2
Wi.kesbarre rct>.W>l 1.1.2
Akron 7(!St.4<iO 2«.K
Prringfield. 111.... B01.180 20. S
Wtn^llnp, W. Va. 727,i»Sl
WlcMla 782.725 -'.?>
YounRstown 676.M>1 14.1 ....
IlcUna 774.698 2.f»
l>-x!riKton M57.61O 1.3
Chrttanooga 750.73.1 . ,\ . 1.0
Jewell r><W.4O2 13.0
NVw Hedfrrd K77.4H7 11.5
Kalnmazno 7fc.M0S 34.4
Farffn. N. D KM. 670 12.9
Canton. O W»7.00n 24.6 j
Jarkfonville, FU. 698.085 124.4 ....
Gre-»n5burR. Pa.. 424.W1 50. 3
Rockfnni. Ill SW.255 V3.7
Sirli .Rilelil O 335.1*1 •••• 10.T :
Bintrhamton :!72. < .W> 14.1
f*heist«*r. Pa .%37,74ri 23. 1
nioomington, 111.. 4:«U»29 14. t '
Qcincy. Ill 3«8.siti 12.1 ....
Pioux Falls. S. D. ri7tS.M8 10.4
MansfWd. 0 214.231
Jacksonville. Til.. 2X1.231 41.9
Fr^mrnt. Nf hr. .. 208,3*0 20.6 ....
••Deratur, I» 264.157
•••Houston H>.«59.«23 ¦ 16.1
•••Galveston 12.nnK.00o 24.3
Charleston 1.360.129
Guthrie 1.045,532
Totals. V. S....$l,0no.Sl3,7f>2 16.3
Outside N. Y .. 859,048.470 3.7
CANADA.
Montreal $23,083,834 26.8 ....
Toronto > 15.202.495 6.2
Winnipeg 7,192.43s &1.5 ....
Halifax 1 .030.952 1.2
Ottawa 3.453.475 . 16.1 ....
Vancouver. B. C. 1.653,437 25.2
Quebec 2.074.233 44.2 ....
Hamilton 1.161.657 20.3
St. John. N. B... 1.1S2.2*>5 . 2«.5
Victoria. B. C Wi2.6Oi 13.2
London 950,226 15.9 ....
Totals, Canada. $60,513,651 7.3
•Balances paid In cash. **Not included In
totals because of no comparison for last year.
•••Not Included In totals because containing
other Items than clearings.
NEW YORK, Nov. 6.— The following table,
compiled by Bradstreet shows the bank clear
ings at the principal cities for the week ended
November 5, with the percentage of increase
and decrease as compared with the correspond
ing week last year:
Bank Clearings.
Wheat — Nov. Mar.-June.
Opening 20 90 21 00
Closing 20 90 20 95
Flour' —
Opening 29 05 2S 65
Closing 30 00 28 70
Wheat— Dec. March. May.
Opening 6 6'4 6 6 6 4
Closing 6 5% 6 5% 6 3%
LIVERPOOL.
Foreign Futures.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas. 3@4c' i>er lb;
String Beans, 2@3c per lb; Wax, 2®2%c; Lima
Beans. 3%@4%c per lb; Tomatoes, 2Off50c per
box; Summer Squash, 50@75c per box; Cabbage,
60c per ctl; 'Carrots, 75c per sack; Cucumbers.
60© 65c per box; Garlic,- 4®5c per lb; Green
Poppers, 25©40c per box for Chile and 50@65o
for Bell; Green Okra. 40@65c per box; Egg
Plant. 50075c per box; Marrowfat Squash, $10
per ton: Hubbard, $12.
The Potato market was quiet, with supplies
of all kinds liberal. The Oregon steamer was
due with about 2500 bags, but did not ar
rive, having been delayed by the stormy weath
er op the coast. River Burbanks were firmly
held, but prices were no higher. There is a
steady shipping movement from points along
the river to the southwest, and local dealers
are anticipating light receipts in consequence.
Sweet Potatoes and Onions are in good supply
and unchanged.
Receipts of several descriptions of Vege
tables were light and although the demand
was nothing extra the market bad a slightly
firmer tone, particularly on Summer Squash.
Egg Plant and Cucumbers, which were quoted
higher. Choice Peas and Beans were In some
what limited supply and steady. Okra was
abundant and easier. Stocks of Tomatoes con
tinued excessive and prices stood as previously
quoted,
POTATOES — Burbanks from the river, 600
70c per ctl; Salinas Burbanks, $1@1 30 per ctl;
Oregon Burbanks, 60095c per ctl; River Reds.
50@e5c per ctl; Sweet Potatoes, $1 25 per ctl.
ONIONS— 60085c per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was easy; creamery. 15@21%c; dairy,
14@16%c; egga, firm at mark, cases Included.
19%@21c; cheese, tasy, ]0@ilc. .
Receipts of Beans are away below what
they were ten days ago. but the market Is
well stocked and the trade continues to report
a weak feeling, but at unchanged quotations.
BEANS— ; BayoB. $2 15(&2 40; Pea, . $3 2i;
Butters, $3 25; small White, $2 90@3 10; large
White. $2 20@2 50; Pink. $2 10@2 30; Red.
S2 90@3; Lima. $2 75@2 96; Red Kidneys, $4-
Blackeye, $2 10@2 25 per cti; Horse Beans,
$1 5Og2.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard. $3; Yellow Mus
tard, $2 75©2 80; Flax, $1 70@l SO; Canary.
5@5%c for Eastern; Alfalfa, 12@13c; Rape,
l%@*-2%e: Timothy, 6@6%c; Hemp, 3*i©3%c
per lb; Millet. 3@3%c; Broom Corn Seed, $200
23 per ton.
DRIED PEAS— Green, $1 80©2 rer ctL
Beans and Seeds.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Hides continue weak, with several slight
changes. t
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l%c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers. 8c: medium. 8c: light. 7%c: Cow Hides,
7%c for heavy and 7%c for light: Stags. 5c;
Salted Kip. 9c: Salted Veal. 10c: Salted Calf.
10%@llc; dry Hides. 15c; dry Klp.l3c; dry Calf!
18c; Sheepskins, shearlings. 25§<J0c each; short
Wool, 40060c each; medlnm, 70G90c; locg
Wool. $1®1 50 each: Horse Hides, salt. $2 75
for large and S2@2 50 for medium. $^2501 73
for small and 50c for Colts; Horse Hides, dry.
$1 75 for large and $1 60 for medium. $1@1 23
for email and 50c for Colts. Buck Skins — Dry
Mexican. 32c; dry salted Mexican. 23c; dry
Central American. 32c. Goat Skins — Prime An
goras, 75c; large and smooth, 50c; medium,
35c: small. 20c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4%c per lb: No.
2. 4c; grease, 2%©3c.
WOOL — Fall clip— San Joaquin Lambs', 00
lie; Middle County, 11012cr Northern Free,
lt!?12c: Northern Defective, 10011c: Humboldt
and Mendoclno. 12® 14c; Nevada, 13013c; Ore
gon, fine, lS®19c; Oregon, medium, 17o per lb.
HOPS— 20<^22%c per lb.
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour was
easy; No. 8 spring wheat. 7£>@80c; No. 2 corn,
44%c; No. 2 yellow. 45%c; No.. 2 oats, 36c; No.
3 white. 34%@38%c: No. 2 rye. fc6%c; good
feeding barley, 38@41c; fair to choice malting.
45ff?54c; No. 1 flaxseed, »0c; No. 1 Northwest
ern. 04c; mess pork, per bbl. $11 37%@ll 60;
lard, per 100 lbs, $6 77%«?6 93; short ribs sides
(loose), $7 25#7 55: short clear sides (boxed).
$6 75<@7; whisky, basis of high wines. $1 25;
clover, contract grade, $10 50@10 60.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 15.600 15,600
Wheat bushels ...128,400 142,800
Corn, bushels 293.600 339 000
Oats, bushels 175,300 217,700
Rye. bushels . .• 10,500 1,000
Barley, bushels 11.100 13,600
Wall-street Stocks irregular and not materially cJtqnged.
Continued inactivity in local Securities.
Silver still declining. Mexican Dollars lower.
JVhcat abotit as before. Barley very strong.
Oats steady, Corn in reduced supply and Rye dull.
Hay steady under lighter receipts. Feedstuff s generally easy.
Receipts of Beans, much smaller titan a iveek or two ago.
Butter firmer under a temporary scarcity.
Eggs and Cheese uncluinged, with sufficient supplies.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins as before.
Provisions still inactive in all positions.
Packers report plenty of Hogs coming in.
Hides zi-eak and tending dozvnzvard. Wool still dull.
Potatoes and Onions in liberal supply and quiet.
Firm quotations obtained for Poultry and Game.
Tzvo more cars of Eastern Cranberries arrived.
Large shipment of Oranges to Honolulu. Ripe Bananas scarce.
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Ton for money... 88% N Y Central 121
Don for account.. f-'SM Norfolk & West. 53
Anaconda 3Vi Do pfd 89
Atchlson 68%|t>ntarlo & West.. 20%
Do prd 02"; 'Pennsylvania .... 61%
Bait & Oalt> 77% Rand Mines QVs
Canadian Pacific. 121%. Reading 22%
'Ties & Ohio .... 30% Do 1st pfd 39
'Chicago G \V.... 1514 Do 2d pfd .... 31
I-hi Mil & St P.. 142% Southern Ry 1S%
DeBeers 20 Do pfd 76
Denver & R O... 19% Southern Pac ... 42%
Do pfd 69% Union Pacific ... 73%.
Erie 27% Do pfd S7
Do let irfd 68% U S Steel 11
Do 2d pfd .... 49% Do pfd 55
Illinois Central... 135' Wabash 19%
Louis & Nash ..103 Do pfd 34%
Mo Kan & Tex.. 16%
Bar silver, steady. 27%d per ounce. Money.
2%03 per cent. The rate of discount in the
o^en market for short bills is 3%(?4 per cent,
and for three months' bills is 4 per cent.
Miscellaneous — Parrot 17%
Am Sugar 115 Quincy 85
Am Sugar pfd ...118%|.Santa Fe Cop 1%
Am Tel & T 126 ITamarack 90
Dom 1 & S 16 ITrinlty 6U
Mass Electric ... 18%|UnIted States .... 17%
Mass Elec pfd .... 76 lutah 26%
United Fruit .... 96 Ivictorla 2%
U 8 Steel 10«i|Winona 8
Do pfd 53%IWolverlne 64%
Boston & Albany.248 Cop Range 44%
Boston & Maine.. 170 Dom Coal 72
Boston Elevated... 140 Franklin 7V4
N Y & N H & H.195% Isle Royale 0
Fltchburg pfd -.185 Mohawk ........ 36
Union Pacific 71% Old Dom 10%
Mexican Central. 8%iOsceola 53
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
With lighter receipts the Hay market Is
showing some Improvement In tone, though
quotations remain unchanged, j The millers are
reporting an easier market for Bran and Mid
dlings without any change In prices.
BRAN — 120 60tfj22 per ton.
MIDDLINGS' — $26628 per ton.
SHORTS— $20 50@22 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley, $24@25 per
ton- Oilcake Meal at the mill, $26@26 50; Job
bing. $27@27 50; Cocoanut Cake. $21@22; Corn
Meal. $30@31; Cracked Corn. $30 3O@3l 60;
Mixed Feed. $22 6O@23 50; Horse Bean£ $300
*°HAY-^Wheat. $14@16 50; Wheat and Oat.
$13 50(316 50; Oat, $12 50014 50; Wild Oat!
Ill 50(313 50; Barley, $11®13; Stock, $10©u-
Alfalfa, $10@12 50 per. ton.
STRAW— 40@66c per bale.
Hay and Feedstuffs.
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2 —
December (new) 7S% 78% : ' 77% > 78%
May 78% 78% 78 U 78%
Corn No. 2 —
December 44% 44% 4414 44%
May 43% 43% 43^ 43%
July 43% 43^ 43% 43%
Oats No. 2—
December 85% 35^4 35% 35%
May 36% 36% 86% 36%
Mass Pork, per bbl —
January 12 15 12.15 12 05 12 05
May. 12 27% 12 27% 12 15 12 15
Lard, per 100 lbs —
December 6 05 6 07% 6 77% 6 77%
January 6 52% 6 92% 6 75 6 75
May. 0 75 6 90 6 75 6 75
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs —
January 6 30. 6 32% 6 27% 6 20
May 6 87% 6 42% 6 £7% 6 37%
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 12c per Jb for
heavy 12^c for light medium. 14Hc for light.
16c for extra light, ISc for sugar-cured and
18c for extra sugar-cured; Eastern sugar-cured
Hams. 15Vic; California Hams.. 14\c; Mess
Beef, *U 60 per bbl; extra Mess. $12@12 60;
Family, $13013 50: prime Mess Pork. $19; extra
clear. $25; Mess, $20: Dry Salted Pork, 12 V,c-
Pig Pork. $23; Pigs' Feet, $5 23; Smoked Beef.
LARD-^Tierces -quoted at 7%c per lb for
compound and »©»%« 'wp»r«; half barrels,
pure 9%c; 10-lb Una, 9«©10c; 5-lb tins, 1OH0
lOUc; 8-lb tins. 10K©10%c. 7ml *
COTTOLENE— One half barrel. 9%c; three
half barrels, 9Vie: one tierce. »%c; two tierces,
8c- five tierces, 8%c per lb.
Chicago was lower again and dull, as far
as the cash goods were concerned. There was
no change In the local situation.
Provisions.
5 Contra Costa Water 42 0r>
5 Hutchlnson 8 P Co 1O ISli
4O S F Gas & Elec Co. s 90 67 75
10 S F Gas & Elec Co 67 73
$3000 8 F & 3 J Valley bonds 116
flOOO S P Cal 1st cons 6s (stamped)... 10rt 37ii
30 Spring Valley Water Co '39 37ij
10 Spring Valley Water Co 33 50
Afternoon Session.
Board —
Alaska Pack — ISO 1 Oceanic S C. — 7
Cal Fruit As — 94 Pac A F A. 3 2\
Cal Wine As 02^i M 1 Pac C Borx.167 •'—
Morning Session.
Board —
15 Contra Co»ta Water 42 00
100 Honokaa 13 2.">
33 Makawell 22 25
$1000 S V 4s bonds (2d mtge) 88 50
Street —
5 California Wine Association 93 on
120 Spring Valley Water Co 33 5»>
SUGAR.
Hana P Co.. 40c 70c Kilauea S C. — «
Hawaiian C. 44 — Makawell C. 23 —
Honokaa 3 C 13% 134 Onomea S C. — SI
Hatch S P C 10 10M Paauhau S C — 18
MISCELLAXEOVS.
The b«st grades of fresh Batter ar* rather
scarce, but tha abundance of packed -goods
prevents any advance In prices. Cheap grades
are plentiful. Fine ranch Eggs are more plen
tiful than they have be#n for some weeks
and orlces axe rtill lower. Cheese and Honey
stand exactly the same as quoted last week.
Meats, Poultry and Fish are In good supply
and are selling at the familiar quotations.
Game la coming in freely and wild Ducks are
much cheaper.
Seasonable varieties of Fruits and Vege
tables are in normal supply, with price* reas
onable.
A new description of Wellington Coal is
added to the list.
COAL. PER TON—
Wellington .$—©10 OOiNew
Seattle $ — « R 50 Wellington $—©10 0O
Ro«lyn $ — (f» 0 00 Wellington
Richmond ...$—<» 9 80 Nut % — © • <*>
Greta $— 4? » 00 Coos Bay ..*— «* 7 5O
DAIRY PRODUCE. ETC.—
Butter, cholce.sq.SSSeSiCommon Eggs... 33^4°
Do good 40&50! Ranch E*s» —^50
Do packed, lb. — £30 Eastern Egga — <S3u
Cheese, Cal 132*2" Honey, comb, per
Cheese. Eastern. 20<825 pound — «T2rt
Cheese. Swiss... 25<@35 Do extracted.. 8010
MEATS, PER POUND—
Bacon 18©25 Pork Sausage.. 12%O1 5
Hams ltf<W IS Smoked Be«f -^€20
Lard 12%@—
The San Francisco Butchers* Protective As
sociation gives th« following retail prices for
meats:
Roast Beef 10®20iHlndqrtr Lamb..lS«20
renderloln Eteak.15313 Foreqtr Mutton.. 8<810
Porterhse, dol7^-r. • Leg Mutton ...12%015
Sirloin Steak.. 12%©15 Mutton Chop«..12%©19
Round Steak ..10@l2% Mutton Stew .... 8319
Beef Stew — 610 Roast Veal 12320
Corned Beef .... 8S10 Veal Cutlets ....134*20
Eoup Bones 4fJ — Veal Stew . .. .12Vi£15
Soup Meat 5@10 Roast Pork ...12U**>*.
Lamb Chops .... — «20 Pork Chops ....15913
Foreqtr Lamb.l2%@15
POULTRY AND GAME—
Hens, each 50073 Hare, each ....— 4J2O
Young Roosters, Wild Doves. ds..$l 50
each eOfgTS English Snipe. da.*-» 50
Old Roosters. ea.50@63 Jack Snipe, dos..*2iO
Fryers, each ...50#tW;3ray Geese, each^ — ®4O
Broilers, each . .40flW)' White Geese, ea.l5'S23
Turkeys, per lb..23®2S Brant, each — ©25
Ducks, each ....75c®|l Teal Ducks, ea. .85©4i>
Geese, each 11 75'MaIl'd Ducks. ea.75(39O
Goslings $2 OOlWldg'n Duck, ea.33'^40
Pigeons, pair ... — e.10|Sprig Ducks. ea.t?i>8«.".
Squabs, per pair. — ©«0 1 Small Ducks. ea.25«W
Rabbits, each 20©23.Canvasbacks, ea.75«$l
FRUITS AND NUTS —
Alllgtr Pears, ea.25®35 Lemons." do» 13Cii
Almonds 15620 N'utmeg Mel. ea. S<&\0
Apples 3® 3 Oranges, do* 25.J*3<>
Cantaloupes 10® 13 Persimmons, lb —C S
Cranberries, qt..— ©15 Plums, lb 60 8
Pecans — ®C0 Pomegr'tes. dox.50c©$l
Brazil Nuts ....20@— Pears, per lb... 30 S
Bananas. doa....25®5O Pineapples. ea...23tfr5'»
Chestnuts 15®20 Quinces, lb 3O S
Cocoanuts. each.. — ©10 Raisins, per lb.. B.«t5
Dried Figs, pr lb — ©10 Raspberries, dr. .40®60
Fresh Figs, lb... — @10j Strawberries, per
Grapes, per ib... 50 St drawer 20075
Orape Fruit, da. 7Bc*j*1 i Walnuts, per Id. .ISh'Jo
HuekleVr-s. lb.!2H'015 Watennelooa. ea-10©U5
Limes, doz 10^13 [
VEGETABLES—
Artichokes, doi. .40*050 Onions, per lb. . 19 3
Beets, dozen lott — Okra, green, Ib..lO@15
Beans, white, lb. a®— Okra. dried, lb. .— «25
Colored, per lb 5f»— Potatoes, lb ....1^4-
Dried Lima, lb.. nit 8 Parsnips, per d*.13@20
Cabbage, each... fl&lo'Rad!shes.dz bch.il3.ft2O
Celery, bead R^lOiSage. dz bunches23O —
Cress, dz bunch. l*Vft — | String Beans, lb. 40 8
Cucumbers, dz..l&32O Summer Squash,
Garlic 5# 6 per lb 30 3
Green Corn, doz.— @40 Sprouts, per lb. . 50 6
Green Peppers, lb 3'c* 3;Epinacn. per lb.— © 5
Dried Peppers. ..10i62.VEweet Potatoes.
Egg Plant 50 6> per lb 2S2*»
Green Peas, lb. . . r.i? 8|Thyme.dz bnchs.2.".i>:;o
Lettuce, per doz.l.Va^n Turnips, per dz.. — ©IS
Leeks,dz bunchs.l5^2CtTomatoes. lb 20 3
Lima Beans, lb. 60 8
FISH—
Barracouta — 4?13 Sea Baas — <R13
Carp 1O01SH Smelts — «13
Catfish — @12H Soles 10S12S
Codnah —^li 14 Skates, each 10®13
Flounders 101J— Squid — -® —
Halibut 1V3— Tomcod ...^t..l2Hii—
Herring — O— Turbot 2C»—
Mackerel ....... — & — Trout. Salmon... — 0i.i
Do horse 15W — Trout — (340
Rockfish — «12S Brook Trout ....— «5o
Salmon, fresh..l2Va©15 Whltefish 10&—
Do smoked lay-* Clams, gallon . .Si>i» —
Sardines 10© — Do hardshell, lb VSlrt
Shrimps —©10 Crawfish. lb...l2Va013
Shad 10<* — Crabs, each ....— 0 —
Striped Bass ...153-0 Mussels, quart.— •B12'-i
Perch 10«— Oysters. Cal. 100.40<350
Pomplno — ®75 Do Eastern. dz.3CO4O
Rockcod — <213 .
houses were active buyers. December closed
&@%c higher at 44%@4494o.
Oats were strong In sympathy . with other
grains. December closed %o higher 'at 35%c
Provisions were dull and easier along with
a decline in the price of hogs. January pork
closed 12% c lower, lard was down 20o and
ribs oft 5@7%c.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
doc; Peanuts. «d To t £r Eastern; Pecans, 11©
13c : Cocoannts. |4 80©8 ; California Chestnuts,
HONEY — Comb. n«w, 12£14e for whit* and
9@llc for amber; ne-w. water white extracted.
6%<36c; Ugnt*amber extracted, 4%®5%c; dark.
4®4VtC
BEESWAX— 27©29c per lb.
follows: Graham Flour. $3 26 per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour. $3 25; Rye Meal, $3; Rica Flour.
$7; Corn Meal, $3 25; estra cream do. 91; Oat
Greats, $4 60; Hominy, »4@4 25; Buckwheat
Flour, $4 50@4 75; Cracked Wheat, $3 75; Fa
rina, $4 50;' "Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; Rolled
Oats, bbls. 17 2508 60; In sacks, $8 75®3 10;
Pearl Barley. $8; Split Peas, boxes, $7; Green
Peas. $5 60 per 100 lbs.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 1903.
FAMILY RETAIL MARKEi\
STOCK MARKET.
Flour, and Millstuffs.
FLOUR-r-CaMornla" Family • Extra«. |4 60®
4 85. usual terms; Bakers' Extras, £4 60@4 60:
Oregon and Washington, $3 00©4 20 'per bbl
for Family and $3 9O®4 40 for. Bakers'.
MILLSTUFFS^Prlces ; In packages : are as
Continued on Page Thirteen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts, Raisins, Honey
Previous quotations rule for everything. Th«
movement outward , is still .. fair and -the -tone
of the market is easy.
FRUIT — Apricots, 7@S%c for Royals and 9©
10c for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples, 4@5%c:
sun-dried. 3%04c; Peaches. 4%@0%c; Pears.
6010c' Nectarines, 4®5%c; Figs, white. 4@4%o
In boxes ;. black. 4V4c;Plunjs v pitted. 6®8c per
P °PRUNES— 1003 crop. 2%®3c for the., four
RAISINS — F. * o. b. prices. Fresno, for 1903
croD - 50-Ib boxes — Loose Muscatel. 2-crown,
5140 per lb; S-crown. 5»»c; 4-crown, 6Hc; Seed
leas Muscatels. 4V4c; do floated. 4%c; un
bleached Sultanas, .4 %c: Thompson's Seedless.
5%c London Layers — 2-crown, $125; 3-crown,
$1 35- 4-crown clusters, $2: 6-crown Oehesas,
S2 50- 6-crown Imperials, $3; Malaga Loose, 2
crown. Oo per:ib; do 3-crown.. 5%c; Valencia
Cured 4 Vic; Pacific do, 3%c: Oriental do. 2%c.
Seeded Raisins— 16-oz. packages, fancy. 8c per
lb; choice. J%c; = 12-oz. packages, fancy. 6%c;
choice, 6*fcc: in bulk, fancy, 7%c: choice, 7%e.
NUT&- Walnuts, Na 1 softshell,a3%c:<No.
2 - ll%o; Na^ 1 ' hardshell. ¦ 13c; '. No. 2. ; lie; Al
monds, lie i for : Nonpareils. 10%c f or ; I X . L,"
10>4.c for Ne Plus Ultras and 8%c for Lasgue-
CHICAGO. Nov. 6.-F1rm cables caused a
better tone in wheat at the «tart and Docem
< r - B i2 pen<^ a ' had . e to W@Hc higher at 78%
©<8Hc Conflnnation of a report that 1,000,000
U! £?, s *L f No - l No rthem had. been chartered
at Duluth to come here brought general liqui
dation in the early session and turned weak
December selling of 77%c within . the first
hour of trading. On the decline demand from
shorts and commission houses, and with less
offering*, prices again started upward. The
strength la corn was a bull factor during the
atter part of the day. as were higher prices
in outsjde markets with a fair advance at St
Louis. Reports of over eighty boat loads taken
for export caused a sharp demand from ehorts
during the last few minutes of trading and
closing prices were at the top notch of .the
<*»£• December beln * U P c ** 7 Ac-
The sentiment in the corn pit was bullish
and the market ruled strong. There were re
ports from Nebraska and other sections • of
the corn belt showing a good deal of soft
grain and the theory upon which- the local
crowd was working was that In another week
or ten days the pressure from the old corn
would-be over and this poor corn would then
begin to ; come on : the market. Commission
Chicago Grain Market.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
11THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 1903.
12
HELP WANTED— MALE— Continued.
A — MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
- v Phone Main 6848.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
1902 we gave 1903 we'll give
45,000 men work. 60,000 _en work.
• ARIZONA
ARIZONA
OREGON. j . NEVADA.
Southern Pacific and Santa Fe systems; free
pass .
On Every Train.
Section hands, muckers, drillers, extra gangs,
teamsters, hammersmen. * "
Farm and orchard hands, $30, $35.- $40 found;
milkers. $30 to $50 found.
Stablemen, city, country Jobs, $30 to $60.
305 woodchopperE.
287 tlemakerw.
Cooks. J Walters. Porters.
Cooks.- hotels, restaurants, camps, mines and
i ranches, city and country. $30 to $70 found.
: Walters, city and country. $25 to $45 found.
Butchers, different Jobs, $40 to $90 found.
Located Everywhere.
Laborers and teamsters, city and country,
many in San Francisco, $2 25.
6 slack coopers, (>c; ft cabinet-makers. «"
MURRAY &. READY. 634-636 Clay St.
SPECIAL.
9 pruners. orchard. $26 and found.
Dairyman and wife. $50 and found.
Gang edgerman. lumber company. $65 found.
Packer and shipper of furniture. $2 50 day.
Track foreman, lumber co., free fare, $40 fd.
Stenographer and typewriter, hotel; choreman
and wife, private family, Fresno County, $50
found; night cock, Nevada, $50 found: 2 coat-
makers, country; 2 spool tenders; 6 Italian
boys,- city factory. $6 week; 2 waiters, oyster
and coffee house, $10 50 week; gardener, $40;
buggywasher, $60; porter, grocery, country
store, $30 found; book bindery man, city, $10
week.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
COAL OREGON" 1 FREE FARE.
MINERS OREGON " $3 to $5 Day.
.MURRAY _ READY. 634-636 Clay st.
4 ITALIAN foremen, railroad work, $3 day. *
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
ANDRE'S Office. 317 Stockton st.— Pastry
cook and confectioner. $S0; broiler, hotel.
$50; butlers. $30 to $ 15, etc.
$350 — PARTNER In light manufacturing bust-
ness; wholesale and retail; Incoming partner
tend to store, clubroom and to the cash; full
value; Inside trial given. Particulars barber
shop, 257 Fourth st.
WANTED — A young man of good education
and sood address; cne with some experience
In the book business preferred. Address box
2027, Call office.
WHY pay big prices to have your shoes half-
roled when you can get It done for 25c, 50c
and 60c. while you wslt nt 5C1 Mission St..
etb. 1st and 2d sts.. or 11 Third St.?
WANTED — For U. S. Marine Corps. able-
bodied unmarried men, between 21 and 35;
good character; must speak, read and write
English; marines serve at sea on men-of-
war In all parts of the world, on land in our
Island possessions, and at naval stations in
the United States. Apply at recruiting of-
fice. 40 Ellis st.. San Francisco. Cal.. and
- 401 K et.. Sacramento. Cal.
WANTED— An experienced, reliable' clerk for
liquor store; good wages and prospects for
right party; applicants give age, experience
and references from former employers. Ad-
dress S. M.. box 520. Sacramento, Cal.
MEN to learn barber trade; only 8 weeks re-
quired; special offer this month; catalogue
and full Information mailed free. MOLER
BYSTFM COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, has
added . 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third St.; 250 rooms; 25c to 50c per night.
WANTED — A salesmen to sell ruffled and clupy
curtains to the Jobbing and retail trade. John
M. Hassall. 78 Bedford st., Boston. Macs.
PENSION ATTY. M. HARRIS. 40 Ellis St.; 14
years' practice; references from thousands of
persons for whom I have secured pensions.
MEN to learn the barber trade; special offer
this month. Inquire at 611 Commercial st.
BARBER shop for sale; 2 hydraulic chairs.
Address box 144. Yuba City.
McDONALD & PERRY have a large "took of
new and second-hand shoes; cheap. 239"'__Tst.
MEN to learn barber trade: catalogue mailed.
8. F. Barber School. 7.41A Howard st.
PENSION atty. E. A. Bullls. room 40. Phelan
bldg. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post, G.A.R.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 4* Third St.. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms, 35c night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
ADVERTISEMENTS, aubscrlptions received at
Call Branch dffice, cor. Duncan fk. Church sts.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 503 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET your shoea half soled white waiting; 25c
to 50c. 503 Mission st., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
, HOUSES AND WAGONS.
BREWSTER extension brougham, coupe
rockaway, good phaeton. Toomey & Fra-ler
cart, cheap. O'BRIEN'S, Polk at. and
Golden Gate ave. 1
JUST arrived from San Joaquln County, at
Golden i?Gate Stables, some fine driving
horses for sale.
TOP delivery wagon, $00; buggy, $10; cart,
$12 50; good business horse, $45. 70 City Hall
ave.
HARNESS and saddles, the best for the money,
at JKPSEN BROS. CO.. inc.. the big store,
1145-1147 Market St.. San Francisco.
SELLING out — 20 horses. 30 wagons, surrles,
buggies and carts, 40 sets harness. Corner
Fifteenth and Shotwell fts.
MUST be sold at a sacrifice; 5 goods horses. 327
Sixth st.
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping wagon
and gooart for sale cheap. 532 Mission st.
Largest assortmt 2-hand wagons, buckb'd, sur-
r<*y. harness. work.drivlng horses. 15th- Valencia
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
HOUSES TO LET. ~
A — PRINTED list of houses to let; send lor cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
A — HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense Hat;
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department; it will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., 245-259 Geary
fit., on the square.
LYON. 120. nr. Oak— Furnished or unfurnlsh-
ed ; 8 rooms, attic, bsmt.. laundry, furnace.
BEFORE moving get our printed list of houses
to let. BALDWIN K- HOWELL. 23 Pojt at.
LOST AND KOt/ND.
LOST — On Hayes st., between Devlsadero and
Broderick, .a black walrus wrist bag con-
taining a diamond brooch with oearls, en-
graved -"D..M. D. to R. B-. Feb., '02." and
other articles of Jewelry, together with keys,
card case, |6 In money and an crder on Koh-
ler i Chase. Finder will please return to
i .1362 Hayes st. and receive $50 reward.
; FOUND — Diamond sunburst, \ Gough and PJne
sts... Sept. ¦ 18; came- has been In charge of
Police Department since found; owner can
have .same by.rroving property and paying
expenses. Inquire DETECTIVE THOMAS
RYAN, Hall of Justice.
LOST — A pass book with the Hlbernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of J. F. RILEY or SARAH RILEY,
No. 176-322. The flnder will please return
1 ¦ to bank.
: LOST — A pass book -with the Hlbernia Savings
: -- and Loan Sosiety of San Francisco In th«»
name of ALICE E. PROVENCE. No. 271-
023. The flnder will please return to . bank.
LOST— Tuesday night, on Powell st. car, black
cocker snaniel, white on breast: Oakland
tag. - Return 2207 Green st. ; reward.
LOST — A pas* book with the Hlbernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco In the
name of ELLA J. BATTEN. No. : 277-1292.
The flnder will please return to bank.
LOST — Friday at 5:30 p. m." on Devlsadero st..
.'-between G. G. ave. and Eddy st., a chamlos-
. bag containing five rings. Return to 1710
..." G. G. ave. Liberal reward, : no questions.
¦ LOST — On Taylor st., ; bet. » California and
Washington, child's pink , pique cape. Ke-
¦ turn ' 1140 " Jackson st. ; reward. .
LOST — Gold-rimmed eye glasses In case; Union
st., bet. Leavenworth and Washington square
• -• park. Return 1074 ; Union st. ; : reward.
LOST— Pocket-book containing- note and con-
tract: • $5 reward. ; CRAIGIE SHARP, 718
', ;. Sycamore st.,"; Oakland. . •
LOST— Yellow collie dog. Return to 191S Jack-
, son st." Reward. _ ;-¦->.•*:>.
LOST— Gold ' watch and chain; ' Mission and
. Ninth sts. ; liberal reward. 117 Ninth st.
IT will pay to that the California."
f ¦. Watch ; Case ; Co.. .220 Sutter at.. • r>eeds old
gold and silver to make n«w watch rantn.
" MEDICAL. (-:¦.(¦:'•¦-¦'•¦
MR_* DR. aVYETH- specialist f or . all female
• complaint!; Instant relief guaranteed; 31)
years' experience; removed to S26 Post 'at/-'
MRS. DR. 'KOHL, reliable specialist for. all fe-
¦ male troubles and ¦ irregularities ; - Instant re-
lief guaranteed. :. 1005 % Market • St.. opp. 5th.
DR. G. \W. O' DONNELI— All ¦¦ who are , sick or
: .in - trouble : consult 1 this .specialist"- on female
- .complaints; positively. corrected; -the i unfortu-
nate, helped;^the most difficult. cases treated;
> advice free. ; Office. 1018 Market st._ ', '.-;:.¦ ¦
DR.' and !¦ MRS. ¦ D AVIE8 and HINDOO HERB9;
' * original method of treatment. 1128 Market st.
r-rrTi r in 11 mi iiii_iii »m iiifm in mi hi nii'ni fi n — ¦ ' ¦ !
HELP WANTED — FEMALE — Con.
WANTED— 3 cooks, no washing. $35; 2 cooks,
$30. some washing; 2 housework girls, $30;
parlor maid. $25; 3 nursegirls. §15. $20, $25;
4 second girls $20, $25; 2 chambermaids,
$"0. $22 50; 3 chambermaids, wait one meal.
$20, $25; waitress, cafe, $S week; cham-
bermaid and laundress, girls' school, coun-
try. $.K); waitress, sanitarium. $20; house-
work, Alameda. $25; laundress and cleaning,
institution, Sacramento, $25; housekeeper.
?15. and other places too many to adver-
tise. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 334
Sutter st. '
A— WAITRESS. San Mateo. $30; nurse, $30;
housegirl $35; housekeeper $15; woman with
a child. $1^. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
A — Girls to learn millinery now for fall season;
both seasons taught from start to finish in 1
j month for $10; .portions as trimmers, sales-
ladies, etc., guaranteed at $10 per week up;
day and evening claas. 143 Stockton st. ; r. 13.
A — WANTED — Girls to learn halrdresslng,
- manicuring,' etc. ; trade taught from A 'to _
in 2 weeks: $5 to those entering now; 3 po-
sitions to fill Immediately; positions guaran-
teed at $10 per week up; leading school in
West. 233 Geary St.. room 13. t
A— LADIES to learn all branches halrdresstng
trade; manicuring, maatage, etc., 1236 Mar-
ket St., cor, Jones, room 94; positions secured
at highest wages; day and eve, class; call.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-
ETERS; NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY:
PAID SALARY. LEVI STRAUSS _ CO.'S
FACTORIES. 32^4 FREMONT ST. AND 1873
MISSION. NEAR FIFTEENTH.
EXPERIENCED riveters on overalls; inexpe-
rienced paid while learning. HEYNEMANN
& CO., Tenth and Howard sts.
WANTED — Experienced spice labeler; give ref-
erences experience and wages expected. Box
2C95. Call office.
WANTED — Experienced saleslady for veiling
department. MARKS BROS., 1220 Market.
WOMAN to do washing and housecleantng two
forenoons a week. Box 2026, Call office.
WOMAN to mind children and assist light
housework. 126 Ninth St., after 11 o'clock.
WANTED — A shirt polisher. French Laundry
Co., 3372 Mission St.
SKIRT and waist hands for* dressmaking at
135!) Webster st.
EXPERIENCED saleslady steady for candy
store at 1409 Polk st.; call after. 10 a. m.
TRUSTWORTHY woman to take up a business
out of the city. Box 2092, Call office.
CIGARETTE makers wanted: learners taken;
steady work: good wages. The John Bollman
' Co.. co-ner Front and Pacific sts. '
FIRST CLASS stenogrra phers furnished. Miss
M. G. Barrett, instructor, 302 Montgomery.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109d
Valencia »t.
HELP "WANTED— HALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO. Employment Office.
420 Bush st 642 Clay st.
500 laborers. State of Nevada $2
Board $4 50 week Free fare
FOR CENTRAL AMERICA.
Locomotive engineer, single man
First class wages
Conductor, tame place. .. ...First class wages
Free fare there and back.
ABSOLUTELY FREE FARE FOR ALL
ABOVE.
Hotel steward, country hotel $75
Neat young experienced hotel clerk, country
hotel $50
Head waiter, hotel, city, $50; oyster man,
city, $40; polisher, country laundry, $13
week; cooks, bakers, fryers, broilers, porters,
waiters, bell, elevator boys; dish, pot wash-
ers; kitchen hands, best of wages.
C. R. HANSEN & CO, Employment Office,
429 Bush st 642 Clay et.
RANCH blacksmith, ?35 and found; fruit
farmer and wife, $45 and found; man about
place, $35 and found'; butler, $35 and found;
boardlng-houEe cook, (40 and found; chore
man and wife, country hotel, $42 50 and
found; oyster man, $40 and board; bellboys
and others. .
' J. F. CROSETT _ CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
AT "E. & B." R. R. Labor Agency,
• - . <S2S Commercial st.
Free Fare— Free Fare.
60 tunnel men. $2 50 to $3 day.
60 muckers and drillers. $2 to $2 50 a day.
1C0 laborers. $2 a day.
Long Job: eight months' work.
Free fare — Ryndon, Nevada.
¦¦- "E. _ B." R. R. LABOR AGENCY.
.-- 688 Commercial st.
A— SEAMEN for deep water sailing ships. W. j
B. SWEARS. Pacific Mall Dock./
TRY oar men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 60 per pair, foot- form : shoes. at $2 80. or
orthopedic shoes' $3 50;best shoes on earth. 11
Third st.. Kxam bldg.. 5 doors from Market.
WANTED — Experienced furnishing goods sales-
man for to-day. Apply S. N. WOOD & CO..
740 Market st.
WANTED — First class experienced domestic
salesman. HALE BROS.
WANTED — Bushelman at BUMMERF1ELD &
ROMAN. 901 Market -t.
BUSHELMAN wanted. Golden Eagle, ' 104-108
Kearny st.- - ;
GOOD bnrber wanted for Saturday evening
and Sunday morning. 1415 Valencia st.
A BARBER wanted/ 802 Sansome st. ' ¦ .
BARBER wanted , for to*day; " 10c shop. " 803
Kearny at.-.-.-- w ¦ ¦-.- ;y . :.. .-' ' ¦¦-• -" : .
BARBER for Saturday afternoon and Sunday.
2C8%East St.. '¦ •¦¦¦ . .¦¦:¦.¦.:¦¦
BARBER from Saturday noon till Sunday noon
at 532^. Third et. ~ - ¦ - ¦ ; C ¦-
WANTED — A shirt polisher. French Laundry
Co., 3372 Mission st. ...--¦ " -. »¦ ¦' .
WANTED— Furnishing goods man. 330 Kearny
-street. „•....-;_' ;. «... -..' . ¦ .:': '¦•...:¦
WAITER wanted at 12 East st. •
WANTED— Walter; 261 First st.
. TRY our.' men's shoes, . union * made, at $1 and
.." $1 50 pair; foot-form shoes at $2 60; we pay
express or mail chrgs. 11 3d st.. Exam. bid.
BOY, learn manufacturing Jewelry. - Apply
CH AS. H. .YOUNG,: 126 Kearny st. _
BOY wanted. - 225% Montgomery »v».
BARBER ¦ trade . taught '. In - 5 weeks. Address
¦¦W. C. B..' 647, Commercial st. .;.. .;*.„¦ ¦.-¦¦¦
FOR sale— Two-chair barber, shop; cheap; sick-
¦ nesa. ; 629 j. Fourth; st. ;y:; !'_.:¦¦ ¦_•[' '.-,-,. -.
CO ATM AKER > * for *• . country. "' Apply ¦ : REIS3
U'BROS.-** CO., 24 Butter it, ' > r^V ?"->
i: M PLO VME kt W ANTED—- -F K MA L E.
POSITION by neat, reliable elderly woman:
experienced cook; used to children; wages
J12; references. Box 2690, Call.
STENOGRAPHER, experienced, desires posi-
tion with chance of advancement. Box 2698,
Call office. '
HONEST, reliable woman wants washing and
housecleaning by the day; good references.
Call or addrere care 27 Capp st.
WANTED — A position as housekeeper, city.
Box 2700. Call. ¦
HAIRDRESSER, manicurist, eta, from an-
other city, will exchange work about one
month for special instruction on combing.
Address LEBLEY. box 2017. Call.
A MIDDLE-AGED woman would like a situa-
tion to take care of an invalid or one child
or do general housework. 2738 Bryant st.
NORWEGIAN girl wishes to do housework In
a small family. 1355 Stevenson st.
A COMPETENT German lady, would like work
by the day. Call at 12SA Eighth st. .
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The'
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister *t. v
EMPLOYMENT WASTED MALE.
SALESMAN (German) wants position, general
merchandise store, country; eight years' ex-
perience In dry goods and groceries In Ger-
many; sr-oaks English; state wages. Box
2032, Call.
V ANTED — By young man, married, .. work
around mine or mill; can handle mine or
mill machinery, tool sharpening, assaying;
not afraid work: take anyth'g. Box 2025, Call.
MARRIED man, no children, wishes position
on ranch; understands farming and is handy
with tools; good references. Box 2604, Call.
A RELIABLE couple wish to take charge of
place at a monthly salary; board themselves
and hlr> their own help. T. S.. 77 Ninth st.
ENGAGEMENT wanted as watchman, care-
taker or in any similar capacity by sober and
thoroughly reliable man; used to care o'
machinery, etc., and handy with tools; refer-
ences. Address box 2921, Call office.
YOUNG student wants position during spare
hours by which he may earn board and room;
one that can make hlmrelf handy; speaks
German. Box 2022, Call office.
GERMAN, sober, reliable, capable taking care
of horses, garden, etc., wants situation, pri-
vate place, city or country. Box 2923, Call.
YOUNG man, German descent, wishes Job In
wholesale house or drive a light wagon. Ad-
dress G. H. M.. box 2924. Call office.
SANDSTONE and marble cutter wants posi-
tion, city or country. 388 Fifth st.
CHINESE, first-class cook, with first-class ref-
erences, wants a first-class family place,
without table work; city or country. Address
7o4A Jackson St., room 21. third floor; phone
China 14C. -
HONEST Japanese wants work In store, fac-
tory or saloon. JAMES KIMI, 6 Central
place. Telephone James 1706.
JAPANESE boy wants a position as school-
boy;, speaks English. GEORGE HAYASHI,
care Nako Hotel. 500 Bush st.
JAPANESE boy wants position as echoolboy In
small family near high school. H. MOTOKI.
Japanese Mission, 807 Polk st.
JAPANESE reliable waiter wants situation in
nice family, city or country: $7 or $6 week;
speaks very well. K. YUNASUKI. 1329 Pine.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
PLATS TO LET.
A — HOUSES and flats to let; an immense list;
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department; It will cave you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., 240-259 Geary
¦t., on the square.
1 ._____________J2___________
ALL of the most desirable fiats and houses are
listed in our renting department; let us give
you a list and help j-ou find one in the loca-
tion you want. STERLING FITHNITURE
COMPANY. 1039 Market St.; services abso-
lutely free.
$22 50 — TOP flat, 6 rooms; all sunny. Corner
San Jose ave. and Guerrero st.
$15 50 — Lower flat. 4 rooms, all fcunny: »
Juri st.. bet. 25th and 26th. J. F. PLUMBE,
1402 Valencia st. — ••> .;
A NEARLY new 6-room sunny corner flat;
basement; first-class in every respect.- 3945
Seventeenth st.. near Market; Castro and
Eighteenth-street cars.
CASTRO, 50G, near 18th— Sunny 6-room flat, .
modern con\-enlences, bath: rent f-25. "
JONES, 610, near O'Farrell — Rear lower flat,
three sunny rooms; large cellar; rent $15.
MINNA, 339— Flat to let of 5 rooms.
PERRY. 263 — Rear flat. 4 rooms: rent $11.
HAYWARD. 2. off Harrison, near 8th— Sunny
upper flat. 4 roomo; rent $11. ; ¦
ELLIS. 810. nr. Polk— For business purposes; 3
rms.; all conveniences; electric light, power.
» FLATS TO LET— FURNISHED.
ELEGANTLY furnished 8-room modern flat to
-rent or sell; reasonable.- 2307, Van Ness ave.
FLAT, 3 furnished rooms and bath, for house*
keeping. 1717 Webster st.: $22 50: no children.
FLATS WANTED. ~~~"
WANTED — By man and wife, a furnished fiat
for tt months; centrally located. Address
stating terms, box -fl-S.- Call.. . ¦
FURNITURE WANTED. .
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mirslon. phone. Red 4462,
buys, rents. 'repairs, packs furniture, carpets.
HIGHEST price for furniture and mdse. L. H.
BURP, auctioneer. 1818 Mkt. ;tel.Howard 2750. :
FACIAI. • MASSAQE.
A — WRINKLES removed; fine complexion guar-
anteed, new method; 60c. M.' LUTON.'> manl-
curing parlors. 764 Larkln st. : phnn.» Polk 17.
" •- : FINANCIAL. ._ V -. /y. : ; .
FOR sale— Few : thousand treasury stock large
corporation: pay 15 pr cent dlv." Box 792. Call.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
WANTED — First-class ' stenographer and type-
writer for lumber 1 - manufacturer's city of-
fice; apply in own; handwriting; - references
required.'; Box .2929. . Call officer^ ;_>_• • . S-f
WANTED— Reliable Protestant girl 'for a per-
manent ' position to care ' for j grown : children
and • help ¦ with * housework; - ; references '- re-
- quired. : Address box 2930. Call office. . '
GIRLS about 15 for factory work: good wages. <
Apply. at once. AMES & HARRIS. 100 Sac-
, ramento at, .' „.'..'">- ¦'
THE^CALL
JO HIT P. SPB-CKEI. S. Proprietor.
H-FESS CCMHl!_aa3i 13 30H- KC-AUGHT, K_2£6r
Afk frr THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
nect You With the Department You Wish.
Publication Office Market and Third. S. F.
Editorial Itooms 217 to 221 Stevenson st-
Deltvered by Carriers. 20 Cts. Per Week. 75
Clii Per Month. Single Copies 6 Cents.
Terms by Mall. Including Postage (Cash With
Order):
DAILY CALL <li»clud. Sunday). 1 year. .$3.00
l'AILY CALL (includ. Sunday). C mos.. 4^00
I>AILY CALL— By Single Month «5e
SUNDAY CALL. 1 Year 2.j£
WEEKLY CALL. 1 Year 1°°
rnnnr v Daily.. ..$S. 80 Per Yw Extra
I^iiP™ Sunday.. 4.15 Per Year Extra
POSTAGE. Weekly.. 1.00 Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Sample Copies will b<- forwarded when re-
quested.
Mail subscribers in ordering cbajige of ad-
dress should be particular to give both NEW
AND OLD ADDRESS in crder to Insure a.
prompt and correct compliance with tneir re-
quest.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
HIS Broadway Telephone Main 1053.
BERKELEY OFFICE:
T14S Center Street Telephone Nortn 4..
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
BOSTON E. CRANE 1406 G Street. I*. W.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf - Astoria Hotel: A. Brentano, 31
Union Square: Murray Kill Hotel; Fifth-ave-
nue Kctel end Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Ebm-u House; P. O. News Co. : Great
Northern Hotel: Tremont House; Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENT ATrVE.
C GEORGE KROGNESS.-Marquette Build g
(Lcng Distance Telephone. "Central 2619- >
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:-'
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT :
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
BttSIXI-SS OFFICE of the Ban Francisco
Call corr, er Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year. ,
BRANCH OFFICES: ]
B77 Montgomery street, ccrner Clay; open ua- j
til 3:30 p. in. !
3(*i Hayec rtreet; open until 8:30 pm. ,
CKi McAllister ftreet; open until 9:30 p. m. t
615 Larkln street; open until 9:30 p. m.
15»41 Miss-ion rtreet; cj>en until 10 p. m .
S_» Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until » r. m.
lf« Eleventh street; open unt»I 8 p. m .
Ktm Valencia street: open until 9 p. »¦
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets.
NoM^-est. 1 ' corner ' of Twenty-eecond • and
Kentucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
__fiO Fill more street: or>en until 9 p. m.
CHCKCH SERV<CP.S. :
FIRST United Presbyterian Church, corner
Golden Gate ave. and Polk st— Preaching
to-morrow. Sabbath, at 11 a. m. and 7 p. m.
bv the pastor. H. H. Bell. D. D. Morning
theme. -Divine Ownership and &**?}*« :,
evening theme. "God Our Shield.' Sabbath- :
school. 8:45 a. m.; C. E. »ocieties at 6:_0
and 6:30 p. m. Strangers cordially invited
to ell services. Pewe free. Courteous ueh-
err. Come and-frring your friends.
MEET1>G NOTICES. ~_
GOLDEN GATE Lodge No. 30. F and A. 55
M —Called meeting THIS (SATL'R- W
I AY) EVENING al 7 o'clock. Second /yf\
6( ?ree. By order of W. M.
EDWIN L. MEYER, Secretary.
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144, F. and A. <m
M —Third degree THIS
EVUNING at fs38 o'clock. /VS
A. S. HUBBAIU>. Secretary.
_1P?ION Lodge No. 1C0. F. ani A. M. — m
Called meeting THIS (SATURDAY) V\f
EVENING at 7:_0 o'clock. First de- /V>
Kr *e. R. E. ALLAN, Secretary.
KING Solomon" s Lodge No. 260. F. and n
A M., 1>>.1S» Flllmore et.— Third degree^/V
THIS (SATURDAY) AFTERNOON at /^\
•' oclock and THIS EVENING at 7:30*
q- clock. HARRY BAEHR. Secretary.
A SOCIAL will be given by Master !T2-_>__
Mariners' B»-nevo!ent AFsoclation |\"ST <^' j
SATURDAY EVENING. November |r*£^
7 at S o'clock, at Red Men's Hall.
320 Poyt rt. Members' tickets can be had at
the dcor. admitting member and lady only.
TO officers and members of _/jTi * lu/"^.
Scandinavian Society: You /£r>35££_\
are hereby notified to assem- f^/^^&fi^
We it tJ--e uarlors of Craig, IS^k eR^'I
Onrtna & Co. TO-MORROW l<U^2_at3ZJ|
(SUNDAY) nt 1:30 p. m. fa VmV^fOySV
the r>urrx-'«w» of attending the vCa^s^*P>/ i
funeral r<i our lcte member. X^G-^'3' i
EDWARD G. ANDERSON. ¦"**^
Uy oriter of
PRESIDENT C. R. ANDERSON.
CARL A. HAGSTROM. Recording Sec.
ANNUAL Meeting.— Notice is hereby given
triat the thirteenth annual meeting of
the stockholders of the San Frcncisco Home
Mutual l>,an Association will be held at the
01 fice of the Corporation. No. 518 Montgom-
ery Ft.. Pan Francisco. WEDNESDAY. Nov.
11. 1SWT3, at 3 o'clock p. m.. for the purpose
of tlecting directors for the ensuing year,
presentation of the thirteenth annual report
and the transaction of euch business as may
come before the meeting. Books are now
open fcr 1000 shares of stock of the four-
teenth eerie*. By order of the Board of Di-
rectory. A. SBARBORO. Secretary.
STOCKHOLDERS' meeting — The annual meet-
ing of The Union Ice Company will be held
at the office of the company, 324 Pine St.,
Kan Francisco, on WEDNESDAY, November
IS. IS03. at 3:1D p. m.. for the purpose of
electing a board of directors to serve for the
ensuing year and fcr the transaction of such
other business _s may o<-<me before the meet-
; lr.p. C. K. MELROSE. Secretary.
November 4. 1&03.
AGENTS WASTED.
AGENTS wanted to sell a good selling article.
Apply 1033 Howard st.; press bell button.
--TTORAEYS-AT-LAW. -
ADVICE FK_J_.
OLD ESTABLISHED. ..
COLUMBIAN LAW & COLLECTION AGENCY
Able attorneys. Rm. &5. 91U Market, opposite
Emporium. Bad t«r__n_» ejected speedily an.
r< uj-or.-t: y. Collections, co matter how email.
attended to; attachments; bonds furnished; cor-
porations organized: civil and criminal practice.
Tel. Jcfcn *>__£. Open evenings by appointment.
We e-oilcit an intei-view with you.
.!!_ LEGAL ADVISORY. Inc.
Practice in Federal and all State courts.
Attachment-, d.'vorce. mining, bankruptcy,
• rceecuUc-ts, adjustments, corporations, pat-
trt£. estate*, probate.
-".xperienoed and Reliable Attorneys Engage-
Advice guaranteed. Correspondence solicited.
til. -11A. 511 B Crosf=ley Bldg. Tel John 2»2«.
N. E. Cor. New Montgomery and Micsion Sts.
ADVICE FREE. ESTABLISHED 22 YEARS.
Divorces a Specialty. Pm-ate. Quick.
NO PAY UNLESS SUCCESSFUL.
G. W. HOWE. Atty-at-Law/
1!__ Market -t., between Mason and Taylor,
Nef.rly cppcflte "Hale's" Dry Goods Store.
RCDT. W. ICING, atty-at-law. Examiner bid.,
room VI 1; ail cases, damages, estates, will-,
attachments, collections, etc.. consultation
free; no advance charges; ca!l or write;
evening- by appointment. Tel. P.ed S601.
ADVICE fret — I will advance cost In meritori-
cu» ea_es. divorces, probate and all other law
cates; no fees in advance; open every even*
ing. J. M. THURSTON. S19 Market St.. r. 31.
ADVICE free — I will advance coeta in all cases
cf merit; no advance charges, no fee. unle«s
successful. K. J. BANKS. Examiner build-
ing, third floor.
DIVORCE costs $12; open evenlr.g-s; tenants
ejected. $5. CI6 Market, r. -2. phone Black C51.
DIVORCE — Costs. $12; quirk, quiet; open even-
ir.g*. t».7 Market et.. room 301.
L. 6. CLARK. Emma Epreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
ket rt.: consultation free; no fees in advance.
AITKEN & AITKEN. attorneys, rs. 309-10-11
Cluaic b'.dg.. -03 California »t.; tel. Main 727.
IC. TEMPLK, atty-at-law. tt3 Chronicle bldg.;
corrrrissioner for oaths. England and IrelanX
ADVJCli free; no charge unless. successful; all
Utf bufine—. XV. W. Davidson. 927 Market.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly Call
16 rtages. in wrappw. for mailing. $1 Ver year.*
If CSI.VESX CHAACES.
ALUMINUM— The metal of the future: a new
procecs for its production discovered by which
the company now forming will control the
market- cf the world; we are offering a small
allotment of stock at . public subscription;
cenJ for prospectus and particular* ; the
opportunity of a lifetime. I. MAYER _ SON,
_O Mennod & Jaccard bldg.. St. Louis. Mo.
HORSESHOEING, carriage making business'
for -ale; owner leaving city; bargain. Fell:
nnd Gough sts.
' FRUIT store, corner, doing a good business;
horse and wapons. Call 1545 Geary st. "
f750 — DELICACY etore; .select rooming dis-
trict; 2 living rooms; owner called away.
Box 760. Call office. - •
BP-A.NCH bakery rdr sale. - 1026}. Hyde «t« op-
petite power- ho_e.
BUSINESS CHANCES— -Conttnned.
BAKERY for sale at 1550 Church st,: good
business; all store trade; owner going East,
FRUIT store for sale. 1316 Stockton.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SAXES.
GOOD chance — $150; furniture of 8 rooms,
boarding and lodging house; all full. 1031
McAllister at. '. •
LEASE, and houi«ehold furniture of eight-
roomed apartment in centrally located apart-
ment house; price $1500. Box 2019, Call.
ROOMING-house. 28 room*, good location,
$2200; no agents. Box 3403. Call.
SPIRITUALISM.
PROF. Fred P. Evans, noted psychic for slate-
writing and clairvoyance: -tamp for circular.
1112 Eddy st,. nr. Octavia: phone Scott 887.
REV. E. R. DAVIS" circle. 8 p. m.; also lec-
ture, "God Revealed." 10c. 34 Sixth st.
EDWARD EARLE. 1052 Ellis, readings daily.
0:30 to 4; >eance« Sunday and Thursday.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MY Regular $3 Readings This Week for
$1 $1 $1 $1 . $1 $1 $1 $1
PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE.
The First Registered Trance Clalrvoj_nt and
Palmist Ever in San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee
to make no charge if I fail to tell you your
name, occupation and what you called for;
I promise to tell you whether husband, wife
or sweetheart is true or false; I tell you
whom and when you will marry; in fact, I
will tell you every hope, fear or ambition
better than you can tell yourself; I Improve
your character so that you will reach the
highest possible development in mental vigor,
health, happiness and capacity to earn
wealth; so you will live happy and contented
the rest of our life. Hours 10 a. m. to 8
p. m.: Sundays, 2 to 8. 826 O'Farrell st., 326.
MME M. BERNARD, THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third «t., next Examiner
bldg.; »he reads your life correctly, gives arr*
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur In the future; if you are In trouble,
discontented or not satisfied In life, or have
domestic, love or business troubles, consult
this great medium and you will be told how
to overcome them: valuable advice in all af-
fnlrc cf life; _5c up; satisfaction guaran-
teed: readings by mall. Tel. Black 45(g».
ALL accrete, names, dates, changes. Journeys,
love, marriage, divorce, past, future pros-
pects, speculations. mlning.lawsulU, everything
truthfully revealed or $100 forfeited: lurky
charms free; also magneti5m.claJrv0yance.me-
diums developed free. Consult Miss Ward, the
great Egyptian princess: office fee 50c ;by mail
$l;send money by registered letter or express
order. Hours 11 p. m. , 413 Mason; no sign.
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
St., cor. Turk; private readings dally, 10 a.
. m. to 5 p. m. ; readings by mall as satisfac-
tory a« in person; 3 questions answered, $1;
full life. $5; send lock of hair, date and year
of birth; don't send currency. Send postofflce,
Wells-Kargo money order or registered ietter.
A — MME. PORTER, scientific clairvoyant and
card reader, born with a double veil and sec-
ond sight; tells the past, present and future;
ladier. 50c; gents, $1; by cards, palmistry
and clairvoyant sitting; $1 50. 126 Turk st.
MRS. A. H. Kronenberg, palmist, clairvoyant,
card reader, will give a good reading, 10c, for
a short time only: when others fail try me to
convince yourself. 721 Franklin, near Turk.
A — Mme. Ravenna reads life, business advice;
names given; 25c up. 5 4th st.. near Market.
MISS WARD gives names, dates and facts;
hours 11 a. m. to 9 p. m. 413 Mason ;no sign.
MRS. E. L. DAVIS, clairvoyant, card reader.
959 Mission st., room 6.
TEST medium, clairvoyant, card readfr: names
given; 25c and 50c. 10OS Harrison Ft., nr. 6th.
MME. ZEREDA. medium and card reader: la-
dies 25c, gents 50c. 2S 7th st.. r. 5; no sign.
MME. MARSEAU — Clairvoyant, card reader;
ladles 25c. gents 50c; hrs.. 1 to 9. 545 Minna.
MME. LAMAR. wonderful palmist: card read-
er; 25c. 50c 520 Jones nt. ; hours 1-9 p. m.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader in city.
26^ Kearny. room 20; ladies 25c; gents 50c.
MRS. SHAFER. clairvoyant, card reader: sit-
tings daily. 44S% Jessie st.. bet. 5th and 6th.
CARPET BEATING^^ A^'D C^EANINQ.
A1H compressed, dry, ice cold. 1* now univer-
sally used in sanitary cleaning carpets, on
floor, without removal or injury: prices mod-
erate. Apply S. F. COMPRESSED AIR
CLEANING CO.. Call bid.; phone Main C237.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
eend for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 355-357 Tehama st. ; tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1S09 Har-
rieon «_: Al cleaning: 3c; tel. Mission 225.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating Co.. J. McQueen,
proprietor, 329 Guerrero St.; tel. Mission 49.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter St.;
teL Main S94. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH _ CO.. carpet-beating works: prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison St.: tel. Mission 263.
COKKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Worksl
333 Golden Gate ave.: telephone Eawt 12H.
CBEDIT C_0TH_.B3.
; C. F. ADAMS CO. .
SPECIAL CREDIT STORE.
We clothe the whole family from hats to
cboes; everything up to date at cash prices.
Credit for all. 318 Mason rt.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 0-10: tel. 55S6.
DENTISTS.
DR. GRUS5. 504-5-6 Callaghan bldg7Tl*arket
and McAllister sts.. uses the Basford Obtun-
der. the only device ever Invented for grind-
ing, drilling and excavating teeth absolutely
without pain. For demonstration and proof
call at office.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per set; extracting. 60c; sas given.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.: crown. $3 50; fillings, 50c;
plates. $5; full set;all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 2.15 Kesrny, cor. Bush-
Set teeth $1 50 up; crowns $2 up; fillings, 25c.
GOLD fillings. 75c; sliver. 35c; crowns, $2; no
pain; open Sunday. Dr.O.B.Hewltt.204 Sutter.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
ACCORDION sunburst _ knife plaiting. Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory 110 Taylor.
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School
— Any pattern cut to measure. 1019 Market.
__________
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST. S.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand touch typing,
languages, telegraphy. English branches; day
and night sessions: Illustrated catalogue' free.
IIINMAN'S Academy; a thorough school of
dancing; established 20 years. 1412 Polk at.,
between Pine and California; both adult and
children's clashes are now open for the seaton.
AYRES. the leading business college. 723 Mar-
ket at.; -pecial Mimmer course in all depart-
ments; handsome catalogue free; life scholar-
ship. $50; day and evening sessions.
CALIFORNIA Business College. 305 Larkln st.
"A thorough school"; positions secured for
gr-Ouates; modern methods; Individual in-
struction. Write for illustrated catalogue.
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for the university, law and medical college*;
ref.. President Jordan or any Stanford profes-
sor; day and evening >essl«n-. - Phelan bldg.
THE PAUL OERSON School of Acting, the
foremost Institution of the kind In the entire
West; <12 teachers; send for. catalogue. Native
Peng' bldg.. 414 Mason st.
A— SAN FRANCISCO Business College. 123«
Market st. — Practical, progressive, reliable;
Cay and evening sessions; write for catalogue.
DANCING Tuesday, Thursday. Saturday. Sun-
day evgg., Teutonia Hall. Howard et., nr.
Oth. Prof. Foster; society dancing taught.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec. -mln., mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day eve.; est, 1864. Van
der Nailien School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
! HEALD'S School of Mines & Electricity, 24 Post
st.. 6. F. ; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment, Special catalogue free.
GOLDEN Gate Com'l College,. 530 Golden Gate
ave.: full business course; day and evening.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTTNGTON"8. 424 Pine St.... Night class.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. • 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
t-MPLOYMENT . OFFlCEa. ~~
GEOKGE AOKlT'421 Post «t : teU BushTi-o—
Japanese-Chinese employment office: fur-
nUhes be-tt help; contracts for farm help, etc
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese-
Chinese help. 420 Powell. TeL Mala B75-.
A — GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office, 415
Stockton; tel. Grant 16S; expert, reliable help.
RELIABLE Japanere-Chlnese Employment Of-'
fice: all kinds help. jj£ Stockton; 1 Main 51S8.*
CHINESE epd Japanese help; ettab.- 20 years.
, TeL Main 1907. BRADLEY & CO., WO Clay;
FEItSOXALS.
ATTENTION. LADIES —
To see is to believe; go and see tae exhibi-
tion at the Union Drug Store, cor. °7far«ll
and Stockton »ts.: a living model with tha
wrinkles and bagginese removed from ona
side of the face * year ago by M. ELLA
HARRIS Of 781 O'Farrell at.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair im-
prove, its growth.stops falling, cures dandruff
and itching scalp: no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp:at druggists', hairdressers';^ *c-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co-1-38 Polk.
NOT bow cheap but how good Is the motto of
the man-f-ciurers of the Rapid Rotarr
Btandard the sewing-machine of to-day. J.
W. EVANS, agent. 1021 Market st.
PHYSICIAN. 15 years' experience, cures per-
manently morphine, cocaine habit. Call or
addrees Central Pharmacy. 251 Grant ave.,
corner Sutter st. ; fee moderate.
EXPERT fitter, lady, wishes position la larso
commercial establishment; will only accepi
offer from firm paying good salary. Box 1.AJ.
Call. .
ELEGANT suits on easy installments: BOctnu
and up per week. LEON LEMO3. 1137
Market St.. bet. Seventh and Eighth. i
DANCING Tuesday Thursday. Saturday. Sun-
day evgs.. Teutonia Hall. Howard st. nr.
9th; Prof. Foster; -oclety dancing taught.
LIQUOR habit cured. We guarantee to cure
the liquor habit in 2 days or no charge*.
Acme Liquor Cure Co.. 901 Market, r. 20£
LESSONS given in manicuring: terms reason-
able. MME. H. EASTWOOD, room 702. Alto
bldg.. cor. Bush and Keamy; ent. on Buah.
DRUNKEXNES3. morphine and all drugs dis-
ease* positively cured by Willow Bark Co..
1S39 Polk St.; consultation free ;call or write.
REMOVAL— DR. W. C. STRATTON has re-
moved his office from 2255 Mission st.' to
rooms 573 and 574 Parrott bldg (Emporium).
Prof. Morris, hot porcelain tub baths, steam.
alcohol: ladies, gents: attendants: haad rub-
blng treatment, 406 Geary, nr. Mason, h. & 9.
AT less than ccst. uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. Londoa
Tailor. 721 Mark?t st.
ANDERSON — Elegant theatrical and masquer-
ade costumes rented. 26 O'Farrell st,
SUITS to order on installments. $1 per week-
Neuhaus & Co.. merch-tallors. 727-729 Market.
SUPERFLUOUS hatr _i moles removed by elec-
tric needle. Dr. A Mrs. Traverse. 1170 Market.
THE best place to buy good umbrellas or
have them covered or repaired Is 120 Stockton
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress pants $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wig-.
country order-. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1; at all drugget*'.
Superfluous hair and moles removed with elec-
trie- needle. Mrs. & Miss gaton. 1119 Sntt»r.
PALMISTRY.
MME. DEVA3 — Scientific palmist and aatrolo-
gist. Palm readings $1; 3 QUESTIONS
FREE. Open Tuesday ev. also. 133 Post st.
H JEP.OME FOSELLI. aclentlflc palmist. 31$
Taylor st.. near Geary. Phone Black 5m.
PAPEKUAXGLNG, PAUSTIXG. ETC,
ROOMS papered. $3 50 up: tinting, painting.
Hartman Paint Co.. 319 3d st. ; tel. Main *1X
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL — Office and residence.
1021% Market St.. bet. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073 V. Market st.
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason: now lo-
cated at 667 Geary St.. near Leavenworth.
\ DR. TONG PO CHY. successor to Dr. LI P%
Ta!. herb doctor, cures, all diseases of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
1 DR. H. C. WONG. 710 Post St.; all disease-
cured by Chinese herbs; consultation free.
WONG WOO. the famoua herb doctor — All dis-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay st.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
ANTLERS. 415 Turk st. — Strictly modern, 4-9
room apartments; fur. or unfur. for hskp«.
OAK, 117— Sunny front suites; $12 to $1S; ga_
range, hot bath, laundry; adults.
O'FAISRULL, 1279 — 2. 3 or 4 large housekeap-
Iiig rooms: all conveniences; reasonable.
SACRAMENTO, 1300 — 2 housekeeping room-,
furnished or unfurn. ; sunny; 2 large closets.
STJTTKR. '_':7- — Sunny, convenient. furnisliM
dinir.g-rcom with folrtlng-bed. kitchen, sta-
tionary tubs; $15; with bedroom $13.
CLASSIFIJ2JJ advertisements and tiubscriDtions
received at Call branch cfSce. 22W Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1C93
Valencia st.
HoafK-kujr ltoom-— 'Apnrtm't House*.
A T__L THE LUCERNE
LARKIN ST.. BET. SUTTER AND BUSH;
THE SUNNIEST FURNISHED APART-
MENTS IN THE CITY; THOROUGHLY
MODERN: SUPERIOR SERVICE: CHOICE
LOCATION: ALL CAR LINE3: NOW OPEN.
THE Frederick. 001 Stanyan, opp. Park — Furn.
apartments; pri. bath: steam heater: Janltnr.--
RCOMS TO LET Fun. and I'nforn.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth st. — Rooms
25c to $1 per night, $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping .rooms: open all night.
AT "The Almonte." 873 Market st. (or No. t
Fifth st.j — Rooms. _3c. 50c. $1. $1 50 night:
SI 50 to $10 week; house opan all night,
A— NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market; nicely
furnished rcoms: $2 5O week up; 5Oc day up.
BURNETT, 1420 Market fold No. 1364) — Fur-
nished rooms, suite, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, corner Mason — Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms: prices reasonable.
ELLIS. 1909, near Scott — Nice, large furnished
room: gas: $S.
FOURTH. 23T> — Nice sunny front room, suit-
able for two persons.
FULTON. 8S_— Newly furnished bay window
front rooms, en suits or single; gaa, phone.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 50o
to $1 CO night; $1 to $3 week; reading-room.
JESSIE. 441 — Sunny furnished room; double
bed; rents only $2 per week.
KNICKERBOCKER apartments. 1340 Pine. nr.
Hyde — Steam heat, electric lighted, free
bath; 3- room suites furnished, $00 up.
LAGUNA and McAllister, St. James fiat— Sun-
ny single room.
PACIFIC. 749 — Sunny front rooms tn private
family; SI per week and up.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis — Incandescent light-,
reading-room, smoking-recm and ladies' par-
lor; rooms per night. •">"c to $1 50; wee!:. $2
to $S; month. $ft to $-10; elevator en ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water: baths.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy St.. near Market—
400 single and family rooms: 35c to <l r.lcht:
$1 75 to $6 week; elevator:, electric lights;
reading-room; free bus and baggage.
VAN NESS. 519 — Handsome sunny fumtsh_f
suites and single rooms: all conveniences. ~^
WINCHESTER Hotel. M 3d st.. near Market —
Most convenient and respectable; 70O rooms-
35c to $1 50 nlgtit: J2 to SS week: elevator;
¦ elec. lijrhts; read'.ns-rorm : fr*s bus: baggage.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received al
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1006
Valencia nt.
ROOM?* AND nOARO.
.-, ~^^ -^^ "¦.'.-
VAN NESS AVE.. NEAR GEART ST. .
SELECT. FIKST-CLASS FAMILY HOTEL.
New and modern appointments; Intercom-
municating and long distance phones in every
room: steam heated; hot and cold ocean water
baths; cuisine and service best; American plaa
only. $3 to $5 day. Special rates by month.
STEVENSON mansion. 807 California «t. — At-
tractive and sightly rooms; best table and
service: lowest rates.
VAN NESS ave.. 1714— Private boarding-house,
homelike: everything first-class; sunnj
suites: urnde rooms: choice locality: ref.
RCOHS W.tSTED.
WANTED^ — A sunny room north of Market St..
not over $7; private family. Box 2t>93. Call
DIVIDEND NOTIC—S. ¦>
->1V1__SD notice — The Giant Powder Co..
Con.— A dividend. No. 50. of fifty centa (50c>
per share on the issued capital stock of the
company has been declared payable at tii*
office of the company, rooms 202, 204 and
206 Hayward bldg.. San Francisco, on No-
vember 10. 1903. Transfer books close No-
vember 3. 1903. at noon. C. ( i. QUTNX. !!•_.
PROt-OSALa.
PROPOSALS will be received at -^ijijfcA^
Navy Yard. Mare Island. California, iiiux}?!^
o clock noon. November 18. 1903. and publi -u
opened immediately thereafter, to twn'.i
teams at the Mare . Island Nary Yard vSn
July 1. 1904. Blank proposal- win be fiw
nished upon application to the Navy Pay Of.
55% H? Fra " cl8c <>. or to the Commaa-Un'
JV S Nary Tard - Ma ~ Island. C-J. ,B. it
McCALLA. Captain. Uv S. -*., Conunand^SJ ,'
.„ n n n n n n --MHED 3C Ai^— Contl nned. ¦
MR^DTALLENTmTMark^^
specialist; a private home before and during
. confinement: best medical care; low fees.
DR. ROSEN resides 2995 Folsom at., cor. 26th;
ladles, relief or no fee; $10.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 319 Powell St.. opposite
Union square: all diseases cured by herba.
MILLINERY.
LADIES — -00 stylish hats to select from; lease
sold, must vacate February 1. 1904; save
money by calling on MME. DOSCH. 207 Post.
MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SALE.
BOILERS, enaints. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
__________________
Repair It with elaterite: in rolls easy to lay:
needs no painting or coating; good over old
iron, tin or shingles; best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market -t.
2D-HAND machinery, boilers, engines, pumps.
pulleys, shafting, etc., etc., bought, aold.
' rented and exchanged; nee Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE M'CH'Y CO.. 130-132 Beale st.
A — Fine suits, $7 50; dress pants, $2 50. Origi-
nal Misfit Clothing Parlors. _3S Kearny st.,
near Bush; open to 9 p. m.; Sunday to noon.
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters', 330 Kearny st., n»ar
Pine; open till 9 p. m. Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, cells or renta gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
TYPEWRITERS, slightly used, sold at cost:
new Underwood visible typewriter catalog
sent free. R. E. Revalk & Co.. San Francisco.
TRY our men's shoea at $1 and $1 50 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay expreaa
charges. 11 3d St.. Exam, bid.: catalog, fro*.
OAK mantels, mahogany bar fixture, rowboat,
gasoline launch. 618 Third st.. San Francisco.
A VERY fine diamond heart for $210 at W. J.
HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
100.000 BRICK for sale. Inquire at California
Housewreckers, NW. cor. Mission and 10th.
3, 6 AND 10 hp. jcasollne engines; 2d-hand; all
sizes; new. E. B. BECK _ CO.. 122 Market.
NEW and second hand machinery of all kinds.
.KROGH MNFG. CO.. 619 Market at.
SAFES— Now and second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sate, rectal;
bargains. Bullard A Breck. 131 Post st.
MILES of pipe and fittings: all slses. EU-
GENE RILEY & SONS. 109 Vallejo at.
MOVING picture film and song alldea.. 109
Montgomery st
SAFES — New and second hand. E. B. BECK
_ CO.. 122 Market st.
! All bargain s:carr.p stools and chairs :hammocks.
metal t>eds.mattresses.J.F.Hotter,712 Mission?
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, moving
picture machine*. Alms. Baclgalupi. 933 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all size*. J. E. POAK. 46 Fremont st.
. ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters; all
makes. ALEXANDER _ CO.. 110 Monty" y.
.MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED— Air compressor, duplex. 12x14. belt
driven: state make.
1 Westinghouse motor, 60 to 75 horsepower.
1 return flue tubular boiler, 54x16, complete
with fixtures, stacks, etc.
All the above must be in first-class condi-
tion; to be delivered f. o. b. Sacramento.
Box 269S. Call office.
I PAY highest nrices for all kinds of ca-t-off
dothlnR- send postal. MORRIS. 870 Folsom.
BOOKS and libraries bought. H. C. HOLMKS.
1149 Market st ; phone Jessie 3741. or postal-
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
' theatrical goods. 154 Oth St.; tel. Jessie 2S51.
A BIG orlce paid for cearskina: send postal.
2.~> Stockton tt. : rhr.ne Bu*h 484.
HONEY TO LOAM.
aX-^uekman "MURPHnr;
601-602-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no- disappointment.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property tn trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. - Strictly confldentUi.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
ADVANCES on furniture and pianos without
removal; to permanent salaried people en
their note without security or knowledge of
employer; lowest rates; no commission. NA-
TIONAL CREDIT CO., 68 and t» Donohoe
building. 1170 Market st.
' HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rate?. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 84tt
Market st. : tel. Main 1644. Branch. 19 Thinl.
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL LOANS on fur-
niture, pianos ur to salaried people on their
note; proper treatment guaranteed. 1LLINO13
TRUST CO.. r. 16. Phelan bid., tel. Main 704.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-house-, without
security: easy payments; largest business in
46 principal cities. Tolraan, 553 Parrott bldg.
A— 1 per cent en furniture or piano; no remov-
al, no commission, no publicity :$23 up; quick,
private, confidential. 26 Montgomery* rm. 7.
M. JACOBSEN & CO.. room 6_l,Emma Spreck- 1
els Bulldinr. loans money on real estate and
all other seaurities; confidential: low rates.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant ave..
LOAA'S FROM $1 TO $10.000.
MONEY to loan en low interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S, 10 Sixth st.
TO salaried people without security: on furni-
ture: indorsed notes and other security. S. F.
Discount Agency. 143 Phelan building.
YOU can borrow more money on your furniture
than any other placo In city; no commission.
C12 Parrott building: ohone South t£5.
AT lowest rates on furniture and pianos; strict ;
privacy; no commission; installments accepted.
BONELLI. 301 Eddy. Conservatory building.
OPEN Credit Ass'n. loans on salaries confiden-
tially; new.simple plan. Room 50. 819 Market.
ON personal and real property. E. W. LICK,
1003 Mutual Savings Bank b!dg.. 708 Market.
MONEY loaned to salaried employes. O. W.
MILLER. roo:n 74. 5th floor. Chronicle bldg.
3% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal.
V. TREMAIN. room SI, 6 Eddy St.. floor 4.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 3 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 538 Kearny.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming Io.ins money to
- salaried employes. R.311. Mutual Sav.Bk.bld.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
lndorser. MORELL. 609 Examiner bldg.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
IB pages, in wrapper, for mailing: $1 per year.
MUSICAL ISSTUUMESTS.
RENT a piano for $3 per month; we allow six
months' rental of the purchase price if you
wish to buy; this gives you six months' trial
of the instrument for nothing; If the piano
rented dees not suit we allow the rental on
any instrument In our stores; with such good-
as the McFhnii of Boston, the Schiller and
our own make to select from we can guar-
antee satisfaction to every one In quality,
price and terms. See the Scott-Curtaa
"Bljou.'Vthe smallest full scale piano In San
Fiancisco. SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO.,
5CO-U2-G4 Hayes st.
ALL uprights on our bargain slate to-day —
Collard. $35; Fllsber. $50; Sherman _ Hyde.
$100; Weber, $65: Kimball. $115; Mansfield ft
Notni, $1-5; Haynes. $150; American, $165;
Chlckering, $167;, Emerson. $172; Miller.
¦ $17u; 2 Stelnways, largo and small size, $1S5
- and $290; Heine, large style, slightly used.
$3-6. Rents $2 up. apply on purchase; in-
rtallrrents $4 up. HEINE PIANO CO.. 233-
TX! O*ary at.; Oakland branch. Fifteenth at**
Broadway, old P. O. Bldg. Largest exclu-
tive wholesale and retail dealers of the West.
WE do not advise the purchase of cheap pianos,
as they are seldom satisfactory, but we have
'pianos at a medium price that can be guar-
anteed to please th» most critical. Our beat
Kellers. are the Beer Urea.. Baumeister and
Schubert. THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC
CO.. 700 Market at.
A FINE lot of second-hand uprights from $50
up. Including such makes as Chickering.
Voa«, ¦ Kroeser, Curtcx. Kirkham, Pease.
Hardman. Marshall _ Wendell. Baua ami
others. BENJ. CURTAZ _ SON. 16 O*Far-
- reil st. * No branches in San Francisco.
: A MASSIVE solid walnut case K_tey organ.
; . two banks of keys and pedal bass; cost *7,Vj-
your own price. BOWERS &. SON. U Mason.'
I BAND instruments; F. B*sson. Paris, maker;
Gus Malwsld. Agt. Par. Coast. 278 O'Farrell;
. -skillful repairing: 2d-hand Instruments aold.
; BEAUTIFUL 3~p«dal Stelnway upright piano;
[perfect order; sacrifice. Keefte'a.235 O'Farreil.
i A RARE chance; a Hornung Bros.* upright;
little used: must be sold. 216 McAllister s.
RARE chance; cash or payments; elegant high
•-•grade upright. 16 McAllister st. .1
Unredeemed storage pianos and furniture - dirt
cheap. Whltehead's Storage/ 1636 Market at.
BOHMER, Byron Mauzy pianoe. Cecilian piano*
; player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post st,
I SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. 5T
.. MULLKR. maker. . repairer. 2 Latham place.
t AJfD ¦ STOKES TO '; LET. 1
• STORE " with '¦¦ large' ba#*roen t ; ' below % Kearny
•t. ; rent $30. Apply. 630 Clay at,, room L
The stunning girl who's pictured here
Is up to date, and that's not queer.
Because she's one of those, you know.
Who for their clothes to Call ads go.
The enterprising merchant knows
Whence come results, and therefore goes
When he has ads, though -large or small.
And puts them in The Daily Call.Ktrt Island and TaXtajo Staamar*.
' Steamer GEN. FRISBIK or MONTICELLO—
0:45 a. m., 3:15 and 8:30 p. m., except Sunday.
Sunday, 9:45 a. rn., 8:30 p. m. Leave Vallejct
7 a. m.. 12:30 and 6 p. m.. ex. Sunday. Sun
day", ? a. m., 4:15 p. m. Fare. 80 cents. Tot.
Main 1503. Pier 2, Mlsaton-st. dock. HATCH
SRQS. ¦
Friday. November 6.
Whallni stmr Thrasher. Cmnlsker, is dayi
from Fox Island.
SAILED.
¦ ' • '• ;'¦ Friday. November e.
Stmr Brunswick. Johnson. Fort Bnurg-. •
Etmr Santa Crux, Gielow, southern coast.
Stmr Rainier. Hansen. 8eattle.
-. DOMESTIC- PORT.
ABERDEEN — Sailed Nov *— Echr James
Rolph, for Ban Francisco
Late Shipping Intelligence.
San Jose Enjoys a Building Boom.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 6.— Mdre buildlnjr Is
now going on In this city than at any
period during the last ten years. At the
meeting cf the police and fire commission
ers ; last night $48,000 worth of building
permits were granted, covering: the erec
tion of twenty-one cottages. This is the
best showing made In years. At the pres
ent time there are more than fifty resi
dences under construction and many more
are contemplated.
Judge Sloss Grants 'Her an Inter
locutory- Decree of Di
. . vorce. .
Mrs. Jennie M. Brown obtained an in
terlocutory decree of divorce yesterday
in Judge Sloss* court from William T.
Brown, assistant cashier of the Pacific
States Telephone and Telegraph Com
pany. She offered ample evidence In sup
port of her charges of cruelty.
Judge Troutt Interlocutory de
crees to Mabel S. Trask from Henry C.
Trask for desertion, and ' Theresa C
Rivers from Harry Rivers for .- neglect.
Judge Hebbard granted an interlocutory
decree to Lizzie Shepard from George H.
Shepard for neglect-
Suits for divorce were filed yesterday
by John P. Madden against Edith Mad
den for infidelity, Theresa F. Bradley
against Albert M. Bradley for neglect
and Frederick W. Clark against Ames
E. Clark for desertion. ".,
CBTJELTY. CHABGES PROVED
BY MBS* JENNIE M. BBOWN
NEW YORK. Nov. 6.— Dradstreet'3 to
morrow will say:
Trade and Industry are quieter on the
whole. _ Unseasonable weather affects re
tail trade at many centers, and conserva
tism In providing for future requirements
restricts jobbing trade. Relatively most
activity is found in the South, where the
growth of the cotton movement at. the'
high prices ruling stimulates business at
many centers. In* industrial lines reports
of curtailed production are evidences of
new demand not pressing as sharply as
heretofore. Food products are easing off,
and finished Iron and steel are leading
the downward movement of manufac
tured goods, but signs of reawakening
foreign and domestic demand lead to the
hope that tire automatic check to demand
long exercised will be removed.
Iron and steel cars are active and West
ern jobbers make $3 per ton by filling
orders from store rather than from mill.
Lumber is steady as a whole-
Wheat, Including flour, exports for the
week ending November 5, aggregate 4,340.
281 bushels, against 4.094.S73 bushels last
week and 5,715,555 bushels this week last
year.
Business failures in the United States
for the week ended with November 5
number 216, against 217 last week and
148 in the corresponding week last year.
In Canada, failures for the week num
ber 19, as against 25 last week and 24 In
this week last year.
R. G. Dun & Co.'s weekly trade review
to-morrow will say:
Unseasonably mild weather Is making
It possible for, farmers to secure much
late grain and cotton that seemed doomed
by early frosts, but on the other hand
the trade Is dull In heavy wearing ap
parel, fuel and many lines that should
now be made up, and .the nation will be
benefited by the Increased crops. The im
mediate effect is unfavorable. Manufac
turing activities have increased at cotton
mills, and several minor industries, but
in iron and steel there are more idle fur
naces and mills. Building permits are de
creasing and structural work Is not prose
cuted with the vigor that was seen last
year. The lumber trade is firm, despite
the moderate demand. '. .
Disappointment has been experienced
by those who b«lleved that Quotations
for Iron and steel would go no lower.
Hides have declined In a few cases, but
the general Impression Is that the market
has reached bottom.
There were 246 failures this week In the
United States, against 235 last week and
279 last year. In Canada there were 22
this week, against 15 last week and 2S
last year.
Conditions of Weather
Have Most Depress
ing Effect.
TRADE OUTLOOK
GROWS QUIETER
Builders' Contracts.
.11. H. de Young (owner) with Fink ft
Schindler (contractors), architect Clinton Day-
Mahogany wall cases In billiard room in resi
dence on S line of California street 137-6 W of
Gcugh, W 137:6 by S 137:6;, $1111. * *
600 Mexican 921 200 Union Con... 43
: 100 Ophlr 1 40 300 Yellow Jacket 39
200 Overman 22)
y-- . . Afternoon Session.
100 Belcher 12 200 Seg Belcher.. 00
! 600 Caledonia ...110 100 Sierra Nevada 33"
200 Challenge Con 23 600 Sierra Nevada 33
300 Chollar 13 400 Union Con.... 42
100 Con Cal ft Va.l 05 500 Utah 14
10O Con Cal « Va.l 10 200 Utah 15
100 Occidental ... 25! 200 Yellow Jacket 40
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
The following were the sales on the Pacific
I Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Bullion ..... 09 ' J00 Mexican .'... 91
KX) Caledonia ...1 10 2O0 Mexican .... 92
»00 Chal Con.... 24 " 100 Ophir 1 37W
50OCC & Va.,.1 05 600 Savage 16
tOO C C & Va...l 07& 300 Sierra Nev.. 32
500 Con Imperial 04 S00 Union Con... 44
500 Exchequer . . 15 300 Yellow Jack. 41
500 Gould ft Cur 22 200 Yellow Jack. 40
; JOO Mexican .... 00
; Afternoon Session.
W0 Andes ...... 17 J50 Crown Point. 14
,J0O Chal Con.... 25 100 Occidental .. 25
JOO Chollar 13 W0 Overman ... 22
100 Chollar ' 14 £00 Savage 16
100 C C ft Va. . .1 05 *00 Sierra Nev. . 33
00 Crown Point. IS JOO Union Con... 43
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
The following were the sales on the San
Francisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yes
terday: \ ¦ .
Morning Session.
1000 Esperanxa ... 021 500 Montana, Ton. 02
100 Montana Ton. 911600 Ton N Star... 30
. S Afternoon Session.
600 Copper Glance SO 850 Rescue ...... 05
1000 Esperansa . . . ' C2 100 Ton Belmont. 99
600 Golconda Con 19 100 Ton N Star. . . 30
000 Montana Ton. 92 600 Ton N Star... 31
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
i FRIDAY. Nor. 6—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. . Bld.Aak.
Alpha ....... 05 06 Julia 05 09
Alta 02 03 Justice 03 • 04
Andes 17 18 Kentuck .... 03 04
Belcher....:. 12 :i4Keyes Grslr..l 75 1 80
Best ft Bel... 1 35 1 40 Mexican 90-91
BuIUob ...... 09 10 Occidental ... 23 26
Caledonia ...1 10 1 15 Ophlr 1 40 1 45
Challenge 24 26 Overman .... .21 23
Chollar 14 16 PotosI 12 14
Confidence ..63 68!Savage 16 17
C C ft Va....l 05 1 10 Scorpion 01 02
Con Imperial. 03 04 Seg Belcher.,. 08 09
Con NY ..'08 06 Sierra N«v. . . ' 33 " 84
Crown Point.. 14 : 15 Silver Hill. ... 57 60
Eureka (Jem.. — \, 60 St Louis 11 —
Exchequer . . ¦ 15 16 Syndicate .... — 06
Gould & Cur.. 22 23 Union Con.... 44 45
Hale ft Nor.. 57 58 Utah » 14 * 15
Lady Wash... 03 to Yellow . Jack. .40 41
, ; , ; TONOPAH MINES.:
Tolehan ...'• • 18 - 19)Tbn Belmont. — 1 00
Esperanxa ... 01 02 T & Cal...... — 25'
Kannapah' ... 10 — Ton & G W.. 01 04
MacNamara . , 08. -.12 Ton of Nev.. — 6 00
Montana Ton. 90 92 Ton. NStar.. 30 31-
N Y Tono»ah. " — ' 06 Ton Midway.. 34 37
Paymaster .. — 13 Ton & S Lake 15 . —
Pin*. Grove... — ' 13 United Too... — ' -13
Rescue ...... 03 .05
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued Prom Page Eleven.
FRIDAY, NOVEMBER. 6.
BEAIi ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
City and County of San Francisco to Amelia
Harris, lot on N line of O'Farrell street, 82:B
E of Octavla, E 27:6 by N 120; $ .
Same to William H. Wharff. lot on N line of
Green street. 25 E of Laguna. E 50 by N 100
* ; also let on N line of Green street, 25 XV
of Octavla. W 25 by N 100; $— — .
Same to Delia Fallon, lot on N line of Golden
Gate avenue, 112:6 W of Laguna etreet, W 25
by N 05; $ .
Same to Samuel Bock, lot on S line of O'Far
rell street, S7:6 E of Buchanan, E 25 by S 120;
Ivan Treadwell to Meyer and Llllle E. Abra
hams, lot on E line of Buchanan street, 87:tt N
of Sutttr, N 50. E 137:6, S 25. W 50 S 23, W
8":6»$10.
City and County of San Francisco to Marga
ret McGiffin, lot on SW corner of OTarrell and
Webster streets, S 22:6 by W 71; $
Jean B. Washburn to Jeannle. W. Higgine,
lot on W line of FUlmore street. 53 S of Pa
cific. S 25 by W 100; gift.
City and County of San Francisco to Mitchel
Clanclolo. lot on N line of Pine etreet. 137-6 E
of Steiner, E 34:4% by N 137:6; $
Ellen Fitzgerald to William T. Fitzgerald, lot
on NW corner of Page and Flllmore streets, N
94 by \V 110; $10.
Hedwig Daman to Marie Mery. lot on S line
of Oak etreet, 131:3 W of Scott, W 00 by S
13 1 :6; $10.
Bernard J. Judge to Kate Judge, lot on NE
corner of Turk and Broderlck streets, E 25 by
N 137:6; also lot on S line of Turk street 181 '3
W ef Stelner, W 25 by S 137:6; also lot on 's
line of States street, 666 W of Castro W 4>l-4
by S 150, lot 22. block 15. Flint Tract, and
prot>erty owned by John Judge at the time of
his death; $5.
N. A. Dorn to D. S. Dorn, undivided one
half of lot on W line of Belvedere street 185
N of Frederick, N 50 by W 120; also undi
vided one-half of lot on NE corner of Twenty
third and Douglass streets, N 1«5. e 1341
S 00, E 34-.4V4. S 25. E 49:1OV4. S 00. W 2180'
also lot on NE corner of Twenty-fifth and
Douglas streets. E 80 by N -114; also all in
terest In block bounded by N line of O
street, S line of P street, E line of Twen
tyeighth avenue and ' W line of Twen
ty-ninth avenue; also undivided one-quarter of
lot on SW corner of Haight and Broderlck
streets. W 80 by S 120; $100. «™iericK
Johanna T. Thomas to Edward F and
George M. Eastman, lot on W line of Valen
cia street. 152 S of Sixteenth, S 30 by XV rs
quitclaim d*>«d: S5. *
City and county of San Francisco to same
same; . • *
Same to .Tehanna Sullivan, lot on S line of
Seventeenth street, 125 W of Sanchex w 25
by S 144; — . . *
Estate of Alice M. Tierson by executrix to
Joanna Russell and .Henry F. Kennedy, lot on
E line of Bartlett ¦ street, 00:9Vi S of Twentv
thlrd. S 27:6 by E 125; $10.
Timothy F. and Delia Connolly to Margaret
E. Dunn, lot on W line of Fair Oaks street.
150 S of Twenty-fourth, S CO by W 125; $10.
Caroline W. Schaeffer ¦ to Annie Sheridan,
re-record 1972 D. 2S0, lot on> E line of Church
street, -101:6 S of Duncan, S 25 by E 100' SI.
Patrick TVhelan to Mary E., Kate A. and
Michael E. Whelan, commencing at a point
260 N of Seventeenth street and 227 E of
Douglass street, E CO, N 73:4, NW C8-s a
89:8^: Sift. . • ., . °
Abraham Ituef to John F. Leicester, lot on
S line of Sacramento street. 61:6 E of Kearny
E 30. S 85, W 15, S 52:6. W 15, N 137:6; $io!
Same to same, lot on S line of : Sacramento
street, 62:7 E of Kearny, E 30, S 85, W 15. S
62:0, W 15, N 137:6; flO.
Itaac and Nina Levy to William J. Dlnree,
re-record 1981 D. 81. lot on N line of Geary
street. 40:0 B of Grant avenue. E 4OilJ4, N
62:6. W 0:7%. S 2:6. W 39:6, S 60: $10.
Vincenao and Teresa Laragnlno to Giovanni
Lavagnlno. lot on S line of Qreenwlch street.
70 W of Stockton. W 21 by S 91:8; $10.
N. A. Dorn to Patrick C. Durfln, lot on
B line of Powell street, 85 8 of Geary, S 52:6
by E 77:6; J10. ¦.
Delia- M. Montague to. George D. GraybUI. lot
on N line of O'Farrell street, 110 W of Hyde
W 27:6 by N 112:6; $10.
Gustav and Sallle Harshall to Bernhard Da
vtdow, lot on N corner of Park Lane North
and Third street, NW 33:7% by NE 76:3; $10.
Thomas W.. . Katherlne A., Christopher C.
and Lily A. Rivers to Walter K. Bradbury, lot
on SE line of Harrison street, 200 BW of Sev
enth, also lot on S corner of Langton and Sev
enth streets, SW 73 by SE 75; t $10.
Margaret Gahan to William Harris, lot on N
line of Clement street. 82:6 W of Second are
nue. W 25 by N 100: $10. \_ -"- • .
Charles S. Brundage to Murray P. Vandal),
lot on E line of Elf nth avenue, 123 8 of K
street S 100 by E 120; $10. ¦
Emma L. Bnmdage (wife of C. S.) to cane,
fSary ¦ B." ¦ and Daniel J. Sullivan to Solomon
Getz lot on W line of Forty-fourth avenue, 123
S of V street. S 125 by W 120; $10. •
George and Kate Ryan to Fannie Beach, lot
on SE line of Peral'ta street, 124:llVi NE of
Tomaen. NE 29:1%. S 79, W^S N ,64:0%. lot
6. block 2. Preclta Valley lot 60: $10.
• Harold A. Rennlng et ak to Charles J. Chris
tiansen, lot 13. block 1019. South San Francisco
Ratlroad and Homestead Association; $10.
California Title and Insurance Trust Com
pany to James J. Clark (administrator of es
tate of Luke McCarthy), lots 9 and 10, block
1, lot 34. block 3, Garden Tract Homestead As
sociation; S10. '"'„',,'
Patrick H. , and Mary. McKenna to Mary Cro
nln (wife of Daniel), lot on NW line of Parts
street. 100 NE of Russia avenue. NE 25 by NW
100.. block .11., 'Excelsior- Homestead; tlD- .,-.
Odd Fellows' Cemetery, to Sophie . Qroage
bauer. lot in cemetery; $150. . i . •¦•• .
Masonic Cemetery Association * to D. N.
I»undt, same; $10. ¦ ;. .-., . ' •
P. H. Bernays, manager of the Pope
Manufacturing Company, makes the
statement that manufacturers who have
not registered their trademarks in Japan
are threatened by a most serious state of
affairs, owing to the actions of certain
parties in Japan, who have recently reg
istered a number of the most famous
American trademarks. "This," says- Mr.
Bernays, .'"has resulted in a., practical
standstill in the business of articles cov
ered by such registrations, as the trade
has been warned that any one will be
prosecuted for selling goods under these
trademarks except when purchased
through the parties who are carrying out
this scheme.
"Owing to the severity of the Japanese
law respecting trademark infringements,
the dealers In Japan are In a very much
disturbed condition as to their status in
the matter. Those having stock are afraid
to sell and those without goods on hand
naturally refuse or fear to buy while such
a serious question is pending.
"This appears to be nothing less than
blackmail. It is very important for the
protection of. American manufacturers
that they should at once register their
trademarks in their own names. This
costs about $30 and the registration re
quires a resident agent, who only repre
sents the manufacturer before the Pat
ent Office,, and need not necessarily han
dle the goods. In fact, it is desirable that
the commercial Interests and the matter
of trademark representation be kept sep
arate.
"The Japanese are great imitators and
it is* very, important that manufacturers
should properly protect their trademarks
without further delay, for tliis is con
sidered by those best informed as but an
entering wedge in what may prove to be
a matter of great moment. The situation
is so oerious that there is no question of
the necessity for immediate and 'united
action on the part of all manufacturers
interested in the Japanese trade."
Unless Registered They
Are Usurped in
Japan.
AMERICAN TRADE
MARKS IN PERIL
Rabbi Jacob Nieto, pastor of the Sherith
Israel Synagogue, inaugurated his Friday
evening lectures last evening by deliver
ing a splendid sermon on "Religious In
struction." He discussed Its limits and Its
functions in an able manner, and made an
appeal to his auditors to defend the tra
ditions of their faith.
"At the present time," he said, "there
seems to be a great deal of .doubt as to
how far instruction may be imparted
from the pulpit, and the nature of that
instruction itself. There seems to be a
tendency to receive from the pulpit not
instruction, but what I would term
amusement. There seems to be a sort of
a desire among some of the community
to attend only such lectures as are an
nounced with sensational headlines.
"I call to mind a remark which was
once made to me by a thoughtless young
man, who did not reflect and who lacked
good judgment. He said, 'Tradition is
ruining us all.' Fancy what that means.
Tradition is ruining us all! tradition has
made us what we are. We cannot any
more escape our condition than we may
hope to escape our judges. Tradition has
come down to us and has helped to fash
ion and mold our inner selves, «nd we
are following traditional' thought and
ideas and are not conscious of doing it.
Tradition has made us what we are.
There is a. difference, however. We ac
cept traditions, but Interpret them differ
ently. Tradition antedates history.
"We are doing to-day what was done
2000 years ago— we are simply interpreting
traditions and giving them that moral
value which we concei\'e to be necessary
in the time we live. The story of the
patriarch as a mere tale has no value.
The redemption of Israel as a mere story
has no value, but the practical moral ap
plication which is made of them makes
them, invaluable and priceless. Now, we
have had all these things handed down
to us by tradition first,' then collected and
endowed."
Dr. Nieto then took up the discussion
of the relation of the pulpit to the people.
He thought it was within the province
of the pastor to enlighten his congrega
tion' on all matters pertaining to their
welfare.
"AH matters science has under Its"con
trol." he said, "and which don't affect the
condition of , men morally, socially or
spiritually are outside the sphere of the
pulpit, but those things that science stud
ies and reveals to the world and gives to
it the benefit of Its investigations — psy
chology, for Instance, and all matters that
pertain to men and the disposition and
character of men— those things that must
be studied and understood, learned and
apprehended, by those who wish to lead
and those who desire to be led, come
within the sphere of the pulpit."
Believes That Church-Goers
Should Receive In
struction.
Dr. Nieto Opposes Sen
sationalism in
Pulpit.
ASSERTS PEOPLE
WANT AMUSEMENT
THE SAN FBAKCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 7. 1903.
13
AUCTION SALES
LH.BURD, Auctioneer,
will sell TO-DAY U a. m. .
at WAREHOUSE, 1818 Market Street,
Elegant furniture of 14 room private residence
L. H. BURP, Auctioneer.
AGED MASHER FROM LOS
ANGELES IS ARRESTED
A. C Dennison Follows a Young
Lady Till She Beaches Her
Uncle's House.
A. C. Dennison, a masher from Los An-
geles, about ££ years of age. appeared be-
fore Police Judge Conlan yesterday on a
charge of disturbing the peace. After
hearing the evidence the Judge convicted
him and ordered him to come up for sen-
tence this morning.
The evidence showed that Mis3 Mabel
de Long was walking past the Central
Theater on Thursday night on the way to
the house of her uncle. J. Wilson, on Clem-
entina .street, near Sixth. Dennison was
standing at the door of the theater, and
I the young lady noticed that he was fol-
lowing her. He kept close behind her
while she walked along Market street.
i down Sixth street to Clementina and
along Clementina. When she entered her
uncle's house she told him about the man
following her, ar.d he found Derfnison
standing on the steps- A policeman was
called and Dennison was arrested.
Dennison made the excuse- that he was
out for a stroll and walked behind Miss
de Long just to kill time. He said he had
no intention. of annoying her.
¦ ? » •
Over 90 per cent of the population of
Mexico is pure or mixed Indian stock.
The land is all owned by S00 Spanish
families. ¦
OCEAN TRAVEL.
® Steamers leave San Fran*
Cisco as follows:
For Ketchikan. Wrsn*el.
Juneau. Halnrs. Skagway.
etc. Alaska — 11 a. m.. Nov.
7. 12. 17. 22. 27. Dec. 2:
Change to company's steam-
ers at Seattle.
For Victoria. Vancouver.
Port Townsend. Seattle. Ta-
coma. Everett. ¦Whatt-om— 11 a. m.. Nov. 7.
12. 17. 22. 27. Dec. 2. — CfcanKe at Seattle to
this company's steamers for Alaska and G. N.
Ry. ; at Seattle or Tacoma to N. P. Ry. ; at
Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (HumboMt Bay) — Pomona. 1:20
P. m.. Nov. 6. 12. 1J>. 24. 30 Dec. 6: Corona,
1:30 p. m.. Nov. 9, 15. 21. 27, Dec. 3.
For Los Angeles (via Port Lea Angeles and
Redondn). San Diego and Santa Barbara —
Santa Rosa. Sundays; 8 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays. 9 a» m.
For Los Angeles (via Pan Pedro and East
San Pedro), Santa Barbara. Santa Crui. Mon-
terey. San Simeon, Cayuena. Port Harford (Saa
Luis Oblepo). Ventura and Huenerae.
Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. Nov. ft. 17. 25. Dec. 3.
Bonita. 9 a. m.. Nov. 5. 13. 21. 21). Dec. 7.
For En*«>r.a.1a. Ma^dalena Bay. San Joss del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Alrata. La Pai. Santa. Ro-
salia. Guaymas (Mei.). 10 a. m.. 7th of eacb
month.
For further Information obtain folder.
Right Is reserved to change steamers or sail-
ing dates.
TICKET OFFICES— 4 New Montgom-
ery street (Palace Hotel). 10 Market street aad
Broadway wharves.
Freight office. 10 Market street.
C. D>. DUSASS. General Passenger Agent,
10 Market street. San Francisco.
O. /?. & /V. CO.
"Columbia." sails No.' 9. 19. 29. Dec. 9. 19,
29. * < Georg» W. Elder" sal!*. Nov. 14. 24.
Dec. 4. 14. 2*. Only steamship line to PORT-
LAND, OR., and short rail line from Portland
to all points East. Through tickets to all
points, all rail or stewmshtp and rail at LOW-
EST RATES. Steamer ticket* Include berth
and meals. Steamer sails foot of Spear st.
at 11 a. m. S. F. BOOTH. Gen. Afft. Pass.
Dept., 1 Montgomery st. : C. CLIFFORD. Gen.
Agt. Freight Dept., 3 Montgomery
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW TOBK-SOCTHJ1MPXON— LONDON.
S.Louis. Not. 14.9:30 ami 8t.Paul.Nov.28,8:3O ara
N.Tork.Nov.21.9:3O am] Phtlada. .Dec.5.9:30 am
CPETI4I NftTlfF Commencing November T,
jrCVLAL fll/lIWC American Une steamen
will sail on Saturdays at 9:30 a. m. Instead c!
on 'Wednesdays at 10:00 a. m. as heretofore.
The steamers will continue to sail on Saturdays
from Southampton at 12 o'clock noon and from
Cherbourg at ft p. m,
ATLABTIC TEANSPOBT USX.
New York — London Direct.
Mntka..Nov.l4.1:30 pm Mlnne > ha..Nov.2S. noon
MineapllS;.Nov.21.7 am Menominee. .Dec 5, 9 am
Only First-class Passengers Carried.
DOMurxozr lihe.
Boston — Qaeeastowa — LlverpooL
Columbus Nov. 12,Commonwaaltn..Nov. 19
Portland— Uvarpool — Short Sea Passage.
Canada ...Vov. 2S!Caxnbromaa Dec. 5
Boston Mediterranean Wrert
AZORES— NAPLES— GENOA.
Vancouver Saturday. November 21
BED STAS X^ZXTE.
New York — Antwarp — Paris.
Vadld..Nov.l4.10:3O am! Zelnd. .Not.28,10:30 am
Krnid..Nov.21. 10:30 ami Finland. Dec5,10:30 an
WHITE STAS LINE.
Hew York — Queenstown — Liverpool.
Sailing Wednesdays and Fridays.
MaJestic.Nov.il. noon Oceanic. . .Nov. 18. 5 an
Celtic Not. 13. noon Cymric .... Nov. 20. A am
Armenian. Nov. 17.3 pm Teutonic. -Nov. 23. noon
C. D\ TAILOR, Passenser Agt. Pacific Coast.
| '• 21 Post st.. San Francisco.
|)|tf£t&JERy MARSEILLES. CMQA^li I
ROMANIC. Dec 5, Jan. 16, Feb. 27. Apt. 9
REPUBLIC (new), Jan. 2, Feb. 13, Mar. 20
CANOPIC Jan. SO. Mar. 12
(S«nd for rates and illustrated booklet.)
These steamers are the largest la .Medi-
terranean service.
First class. $73 and $-50 upward, according
to date of sailing-.
Boston to Liverpool Q uciw n
CRETIC Dec. 10. Feb. It
CYMRIC Dec. 24. Jan. 29, Feb. 23
First class. $63 upward. For plans, etc.
address
WHITE STAR LINE. 77-31 State st.
Boston, or to C D. TAYLOR. 21 Post sc
TOYO RISEN KAISHA.
/ (ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.)
Steamers will leave wharf, corner First and,
Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.. for YOKOHAMA
and HONGKONG, calling at Kobe (Hiogo).
Nagasaki and Shanghai, and connecting at
Hongkong with steamers for India, etc No
cargo received on board on day of aaUing.
S. S. AMERICA MARU 77. • *»
Tuesday, November 10. 1903
3. 8. HONGKONG MAJUI
Thursday. December 3. 190G
8. S. NIPPON MARU (Callrnr at Manila)
"...Wednesday. December 30, 1903
Via Honolulu. Round- trip tickets at reduced
rates. Fcr freight and passage apply at Com-
pany's office. 421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
occanies.sxo.g^ ? ;a
B. ! 8. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Nov. 7. 11 a.m.
B. S.- SONOMA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney. Thursday, Nov. 19, 2 p. m.
S- 3. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Dec 1. U a. ra.
*J.S?iKIIUi!23J.e3,l f i3..Tltbtraa,H3Iirti!a
ff^tlSa.lUBi.'titlL.ArIt.7.Pn2elL
COJIPAGSIS GI5SSALE THA53ATT.ASTI3C3.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. ¦^a»m
Sailing every Thursday instead of 4mJ5S*Jk
Saturday, at 10 a, m.. from Pier 42. •*o™™»
North River, foot of Morton street.
First-class to Havre. $70 and upward. Sec-
ond-class to HavTe/ |43 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STA-TES AND
CANADA. 33 Broadway (Hudson Bunding).
New York. J. F. FUGAZI A CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents, 5 Montgomery avenue. Saa Fracnlaco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 11 o'clock, from the family
residence, 200 Third avenue, Richmond. In-
terment Mountain View Cemetery, Oakland,
by 1 o'clock creek boat.
DREYFUS— In this city, November 6, 1003,
Margerite Dreyfus,, beloved wife of the late
Theodore Dreyfus,' a . native of France, aged
68 years.
(ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturuay), at 1 o'clock, from the undertak-
ing parlors of Theodor Dierks. 957 Mission
street, between Fifth and Sixth. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
FORDHAM— In this city. November 4, -1903,
William Fordham. beloved husBand of the
late Maria A. Fordham. a native of England,
aged 72 years 9 months and 2 days'.
IT^ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday, November 8, 1003, at 2 o'clock, at
the parlors of James Fowler,
1.-.21 Park street, Alameda. Cal. Interment
Mountain View Cemetery.
GOLDSTEIN — November 5. 1903, Margaret,
beloved wife cf Simon Goldstein, mother of
Robert and Lewis Goldstein, daughter of
Mrs. Ellen Moran. and slater of Mrs. M. J.
Smith and John and Joseph Moran, a native
of Lowell, Mass.
C3*r"riend8 and acquaintances are respect- •
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from the family' resi-
dence, 2024 Bush street. Interment Home of
Peace Cemetery, by train leaving Third and
Townsend streets at 11:30 o'clock.
GRAF— In St. Helena. November C, 1903, Rob-
ert, beloved son of Maria and the late Jacob
Graf, and brother of F. W., Ed. Jacob and
Walter Graf, a native of Alameda, Cal.,
aged 22 years and 2 months.
C?"Ir.terment Sunday, November 8, 1903,
at St. Helena.
HARRINGTON— In this city. November 6,
190.'!, John Harrington, a. native of Boston,
aged 05 years.
C7"R« mains at the funeral parlors of
James McGinn & Co., 2H Eddy street. No-
tice of funeral hereafter.
"KEATH— In this. city. November 5. 1903, Ed-
wkrd Livingstone Heath, a native of Mas-
sachusetts, aged 55 years.
HECKMAN— At Bt Luke's Hospital. Novem-
ber 6, 1903. Mary Heckman. a native of
New York City, aged 41 years.
CFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Monday, November », 19(«, at 10 o'clock, at
the mortuary chapel of the Golden Gate Un-
der'Aking Company. 2475 Mission street, near
Twenty-first. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery, by carriage.
HEWSTON— In this city. November 6, 190.1.
Emmett R. Hewstcn, beloved huaband of. An-
nie L. Hewston. and son of the late- Dr.
George Hewston, a native of San Francisco,
I aged 85 years.
E^Funerai from his late ' residence. 1S12
Brrxierick Street, Saturday, at 2 o'clock. Ser-
vices at chapel. Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
Please omit flowers.
HICKEY— In this city, November 5, 1903.
Helen, wife of the late John Hlckey,
mother of Louts Hlckey, and sister of Mrs.
T. O'Leary. a native of County Cork. Ire-
land, ag-e-i 4S years.
lT7"Not!-e of funeral h<»reafter. Remains
at the parlors of J. C O'Connor & Co., 767
Mission strett, between Third and Fourth.
JEIDE— In this city, November 4. 1903. Fried-
rich Phillip Joide, youngest and beloved son
of Conrad and Eliiabetta. Jeide, and loving
brother of Willie. Walter. Katie. Louie and
Tlllie Jeide, a native of San Francisco, aged
;>o day*.
Z^T Friends and acquaintances ar* respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the family
rtFldfnce, SU York rtreet, between Twen-
tieth and Twenty-first. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery.
j JOHNSON— In this city. November 6. 1903. at
the residence. 211 Perry street. Annie, be-
loved wife nf the late Edward Johnson, and
mother of Edward. John and Emma John-
son. Mrs. F. H. H»nry, Mrs. J. Fritz and j
Mrs. C. W. HudVin, a native, of Ireland,
fiKM S< years 5 months and 15 days.
JORDAN— In this city. November 6. 1003. in-
fant snn of Captain and Mrs. J. H. Jordan.
a native of San Francisco, aged 1 year 3
months and 6 days.
KrtFOED — In South Pan Francisco, San Mat»o
County, November t:, inns. H. L., beloved
husband of Marie Kofoed, father of l,«!sna
Kofoed and Mrs. Ethel Joseph, and brother
of L. II. Kofoed. a native of Denmark, aged
T>2 years :i months and 11 days.
CTNotSec of funpral hereafter.
L.ENDEW1G— In 'this city. November 6. 1903.
at th<? residence. 440 Clementina street. Lil-
lun. beloved infant daughter of Thelo and
Kate Leniiewig, a native of San Francisco,
aged 2 months and 7 days.
LOPEZ— rn the City and County Hospital.
November «. 1003, Manuel Lop«z, a native
of- Portugal, aged 44 years.
LORD — In this city, November ft, 1903, Mary
Teretta. Iwloved wife of William A. Lord,
mother of Lillian E. and Ethel S. Lord, and
daughter of Mrs. Elizabeth C. and tlrts.late
Cassius H. Stafford, a native of Washing-
ton. ag«=d 43 years 4 months and 24 days.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday, November S. l&ftt, at 1 o'clock, at
her late residence, 3330 Twenty-third street,
between Mission and Valencia. Interment
Cypress Uvtn Cemetery, by carriage.
McSWYNEY— In this city. November 5. 1903,
James McSwyney, a native of Ohio, aged 19
years.
MASON— In this city, November 5, 190.1,
George Mason, a native of New York, aged
64 years.
MILES— In Oakland, November 5. 1903, Wil-
liam P.. son of Charlotte and the late
Charles E. Miles, a native of Oakland, aged
80 years and IS days.
MORRISON— In East Oakland. November 6,
1003, Daniel, beloved husband of Catherine
Morrison, father of Mrs. Frances Shanna-
han, brother of Miss Georgia, John O. and
' James Morrison. Mrs. Anna B. Galloway.
Mrs. Jeanette Schindler and Mrs. G. R.
Smith of Washington, and uncle of Mrs. Ed
P. Baggott, a native of Scotland, aged 77
years.
t7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday, November 8, 1003, at 2 o'clock, at
th« family residence, 10(J2 East Seventeenth
street. Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
MURPHY— In this citv, November 6. 1903.
Mary Murphy. 6l*ter of the late Elizabeth
Grimes and Mrs. B. Chamberlain, and aunt
of Mrs. Peter Ry'an and the late Edward
Grimes, a native of Monaghan, Ireland.
MURRAY— In this city, November 8. 1903,
William Murray, brother of John Murray, '
Mrs. J. C. C. Hill and Mrs. E, M. Murphy
cf Stockton, Cal., a native of Manchester,
England, ayed 80 years.
CTThe funeral will take place to-day
(Saturday), at 1:45 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church for services
at 2 o'clock. Interment St. Mary's Ceme-
tery, Oakland, by 3 o'clock creek boat.
POLLEYS — In this city, November 5, 1903,
William M.. beloved husband of Annie M. '
P. D. Polleys, a native of Massachusetts,
aged SO years 4 months and 22 days.
[TJ»"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
ful ly invited to attend the funeral service*
¦ Saturday, November 7. 1003, at 1 o'clock, at
the mortuary chapel of the Golden Gate Un-
dertaking Company, 2475 Mission street, near
Twenty-first.
PRAUL. — In this city, November 5. 1903. Wil-
liam W. Praul, beloved father of Wesley and
Harvey Praul. Mrs. J. L. Tricler and the
late Aaron Praul, and grandfather of Wil-
liam J. Praul, a native of New Jersey, aged
67 years 9 months and 20 days.
RUEGG — In this city, November 5. 1003, Frank
Ruegg, beloved husband of Maria Ruegg,
and beloved father of Anton, Joseph. Frank.
Leo and Charles Ruegg. Mrs. Joseph .Furrer
cf Petaluma, Sister Raphal of Wisconsin
and the laU Louisa Ruegg, a native of
Schwyz, Switzerland, aged 59 years 5 months
and 13 days. A member of St. Peter's Uo-
torstutzungjr Verein.
CTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 7:3" o'clock, from his late
residence, 190 Precita avenue, corner How-
ard street, thence to St. Anthony's Church,
Army street, near Folsom, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 8 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
SIMI— In this city, November 6. 1903. Gaetano
Simi, dearly beloved husband of Cesana
Slml, and beloved father of Plo and. Julio
Siml. Mr?. Pla Belli and Mrs. Julia Belli,
a native cf San Donato, Lucca, Italy, aged
V0 years and 7 months.
C7"Funeral strictly private . Monday, No-
vember 1). 1903, from bis late residence, 415
Bay etrset. Please omit flowers.
SULLIVAN— In this city, November 6, 1903,
Helen Beatrice, dearly beloved daughter of
Matthew C. and Mary E. Sullivan, and Bister
of Frank W., May B. and Clarence V. Sul-
livan, a n.itlve of San Francisco, axed ft
• years 9 months and 8 days.
(E7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of the parents, J112 Tennessee street.
Interment private. Holy Cross Cemetery.
SWEENEY— In this city, November 4, 1903,
Catherine L., wife of J. Sweeney, beloved
mother of Mary, John and James Sweeney,
daughter of Ellen and the late Michael Cal-
laghan, and sister of James, Thomas and
Martin Callaghan and Mrs. E. O'Connor and
Mrs. M. Galvin, a native of. Trale*. County
Kerry. Ireland.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1723 Mission street, thenee to St.
Charles Borromeo's Church, where a re-
<ju»em high mass -will be celebrated for the
repose of ber soul, commencing at 0 -30
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery
ZIMMERMAN— In this clly, November 5. 1903.
Martha, beloved wife of Otto Zimmerman!
and mother of AKnes Zimmerman, a native
of Delaware, aged 37 years 3 months and /
days.
f CT Friends and acquaintances are reepect-
f fully Invited to attend the funeral ™6-day
(Saturday) .at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence. 1313 Natoma street, thence to St.
Charles Borromeo's Church for sen-Ices at
9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
I ltEAL ESTATC CITY—FOR SALE.
j THOMAS MAGEE & SONS.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
1 5 MONTGOMERT ET.
i ' VVE6TEKN ADDITION AND OTHER BUILD-
ING LOTS.
; $12.:<m>— Large lot en Shrader and Waller sts.
for bui'der to handle.
SSHK'u — Green St., north side; in best portion,
. with fine view of bay and surroundings.
J(j7(») — Powell st.; with two frontages; fine
i bu:10ir.g location.
j f £t)7w — Poweil St., w^th frontage on rear
j street.
(Beth of the above piews adjoin and could be
, i bought together.)
; ( $4;,G0— McAllister St.; over SO feet front; fine
' j building lot for a choice flats.
' j $4^0— <3reen St.; 34x137:0 feet deep; fine view
$410(>— Haight Bt. ; 27:6 feet front by 137 :«
deep; street biturainized; artificial etone side-
, (Walks; cable cars jrassir.g.
1 14120— Green St.; 34*137:0; £r.e view; very
i cheap
$:j7W— llaight st.: lots facing park; 25x137:6;
i Etreet work all done; north side of etreet.
; $;;50O — Hermann St.. ncrth eide; feet front;
El lendid lot for a flats. _
1 J.;r.CK> each— Fcr kts 25x137:8 on Page St.;
¦ Ftreet bituminized; artificial stor.e eidewalk;
eirctric cars pajeirg.
StEHO-wvbster-st. corner, COxllO; good loca-
: tion for 6 flats.
$2800— Lyon st.; fine building lot; sun front
! a:;J back, with 20 feet of permanent space to-
• ward north. ,. ,
: S27S0 l'upf St.: 2."xl-"?7:fi: fine building lot;
Street b;turrii:iizt-.J: artificial stone sidewalks;
• elertrlc cars passirp..
. j |27(»-S5xlvO; on Lycn st.;an excel. ent build.
; ir.t; lot
(2S00 — Fulton s-t., r.ear DeviEaiero; 2.>xlo» :C;
¦ j or any size.
$?:hM Ki!!n-»cre St., next to fine comer build -
i ir.cr.
i j $2jC0^~FiIbert ?t.. 25 feet front, with L run-
! r.irs to side street.
fjROft— Masonic ave.; 25x112: street Ftcne
' biockfd: electric cars passing; block ail built up
j with first- c-Ia«!« house?.
*'.'^."h>— ! «-vi?atlero Ft.; lot 25x123.
t215O— Fultoo st.. north side: cars passing.
S,_>ihX' — Golden Gate r»ve. ; 2 lots, each 25x
137 :C: street bituminized
J1C00— Asbbury st.; 50 feet front.
I $«oo&— Greenwich tt.; 37:4x137:6.
f22C0— Broderlck tt.; 4 fine lots, each 27:€x
197:6; cars at the corner; good residence
loc.Tlity.
12004 — Goush st.. near Union; 4 lots. 27:6 feet
front fcy 100 feet deep; level and ready to build
on: cars close by.
fiu^tt — Filbert St.. 20x120 to rear street; Etreet
»( rk Ell dorio.
$!*.-,!) — Kiitfert St., north side, running back
to rear street: street work dene; 27:6 f<»et front.
• I S17J0— Filimore tt.; 24x100, 2 lots; street
Intone bloc'.ie"; electric cars passing.
(1650 — Fillniore St.: 2« feet front; street stone
¦ pav*d: electric cars passing.
ji.(^ — Fulton Et.. facing the park, north side;
25x137:6.
?17(>0 — Sacramento St.; 4 lots, 132 feet deep;
street bituminized; artificial ttcr.e sidewalk;
cable passing.
tllOO eath — Gotdea Gate, near First ave.; 2
lots; 2G feet front each; very cheap building
lots.
»l<v*> .p.irh — Golden Gat* ave.: 26xl"7:«x27x
l"rt.; exceedingly cheap buiMir.g lots. . ,
$cf^> — Ashbury St.; 2 lots, 2.1 fert front each.
%rtf\— I'ranus rt. : 2 lots.
j THOMAS MAGEE & SONS.
: !> MONTGOMERY ST.
STtTTERIXG AAD STAMMERK6.
MKLI'-OrRXE School. Van Ness-Market — Cur«
In rv^ry case: individual faclunp; no medi-
cine. Inquire into wonderful cures ;home cure.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN* TYPEWRITERS— We
sell brtter machines for less ir^ney than any
rouse In the city; renta'.s $3. The Typewriter
Eichanpo. B36 California: telephone Main 2<36.
! A FEW good typewriters at $r,0 each; get par-
ticulars. L. & 11. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
gomery st.
2D-HANI> typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webeter Typewriter Inspec. Co.. WW Market.
I A~~VEEK'S news for S c*nts — The Weekly Call.
lfl p»s>s. 1" wratnvr. f^r mailing. t\ per year.
MAKRIAGE LICENSES,
Th» following marriage license^ were Issued
yesterday:
Aarrn ?. P.arn^s. 52. R'-hr»rviH<». and Lu-
clnda f PKtesaww. 42, Fremont, Nehr.
Menael Frucht. 24. 147 Cl«ra ptr»»et. and
i Mollte BI«*f*M. 23. 441 U Natoma street.
Ar.'i rvi> «>«sa. 3.%, Casmalta, and Maria
| Greipi. 27, «:asmAlla.
Alfred O. Bmith, "A f>"-2 Pallfcrr.la street,
: nnd Mabel Pedruzzi. t«. 711 Storkt<*i street.
John C von Hanfeld. B0. :;2:>0 Fulton street,
! ar.-i .Mary A. T'urkin. ?.s, 3280 Fulton street.
I'atrii k F. Bbortt. -i. Oakland, and Anita
P LArripa. 22. ::¦« N"ir.th street.
~BIETHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
IJirth. marriace and d'ath notices sent by
mail will not be ins*Tt»fJ. They must be handed
i in m either of tbe nubliciition offices and be
! iaAaraed with the name and residence of p*r-
; s ;ns authorized to have the tame published.
BORN.
i EAI'E— In this city, Kovember <5, 1903, to the
wife nt G. W. Eade, a daughter,
l ENXOR-In this city. October 11. 1903. to
the wife of P. L. Ennor. "a daughter.
| MORRIEfiET— In this oity. October 22. 1903.
to the wife of Dr. Jcs?ph G. Morrissey, a
daughter.
j SHERLOCK— In this city, November 5. 1903,
to the wife of W. A. Sherlock,** son.
MARKIED.
ETTE— ERIKFKX- In this city. November 4.
V.+'C, by the Rev. Fred A. Keast, Edwar'l XV.
Ette and Emma Eriksen, both of San Fran-
cisco.
GILSOX— DAUBER— November 2. 1903. by the
liev. Charles Jones of Rjrde Trinity Chapel.
V.illiam Gilson and Kate Dauber, both of
| Pan Francisco.
I >
DIED.
Arteche, Amalia Johnson, Annie
Ilareford, Ella K. Jordan (infant)
Beth, Marguerette Kofwd. II. L.
Burke. Patrick Lendewip. Lillian
Carr. James Lopez, Manuel
Clifford. John T. Lord. Mary T.
Cock, Mollie McSwyney. James
Crowley, Elizabeth Mason, George
Curler, R^sa MUes, William P.
Dreyfus, Margerite Morrison, Daniel
Fordham, William Murphy, Mary
Goldstein, Margaret Murray, William
Graf. Robert Polleys. William il.
Hsrrir.gton, J^hri Praul. William "W.
Heath. Edward L. Kuegg, Frank
Heckman. Mary Fimi. Gaetano
He wston. Emmett R. Sullivan. Helen B.
Hickey, Helen Bweeney, Catherine
Jtide. Friearich P. Zimmerman, Martha
ARTECHE— In this city, November 6. 1303,
Amalia, dearly beloved daughter of Mr. and
Mre. Frank Arteche, and sinter of Alice
Arteche and th« Iste Joeephine' Arteche, a
r.at've of San Francisco, aged 1 year 0
months anl 10 days.
BAREFORD— In this city, November 6, 1003,
Ella K., beloved wife of C. Stace Bareford,
a native of New Jersey.
L/'NoUea of funeral hereafter.
BETH — In this city, No\'ember 5, 1903 Mar-
guTette, bo'oved wife of Adolph Beth, and
mother of Mrs. D. Speckmann and Mrs
Wal!a<«e Mayers; a native of New York, aged
M years S mrinths and 22 days.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the Odd Fel-
lows' Hall, comer Seventh and Market
streets. Cremation Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
I'leji^e omit flowers.
BURKE— In this city, November 5 1303 Pat-'
rick Burke, a native of County Tlpperary
Ireland, aged C5 years.
rT'Friends atid acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the rarlors of
McFadden. McBrt-arty & Green, 1171 Mis-
sion street, thence to St. Patrick's Church
for services at 1 :30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cress Cemetery-
CARP.— In this city, November 5, 1003 James
Carr, a native cf Donegal, Ireland aged
C3 years. .
.C7"N'-tice of fnnerril hereafter. Remains
r.t the rarlors of J. C. O'Connor & Co 707
Mission street, between Third and Fourth.
CLIFFORD — In this city, November 4 1303
John . Thomas, devottu husband of 'Annie
CiiCord. father of Patrick J. Clifford, loving
ton of Patrick and Ellen Clifford, brother of
Nellie. William and the late Joseph Clifford,
and brother-in-law of Ella and Abbl* Mc-
Carthy, a native of Lynn, Mass., affed 29
years 1 month and 12 days.
JC7"Friends and acquaintances ar« respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the f.arlors
cf McFaddjn, McBrearty & Green, 1171 Mis-
sion street, thence to St. Joseph's Church,
where a. requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul at 8 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
COOK — In this city, November 4, 1903, Mollie.
beloved wife of Charles H. Cook, a native
of 1 '¦ k Moinea, Iowa, aged 25 years and 11
I months.
CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to ! attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the family
residence, 3533 Baker street. Interment Cy-
rr«;ss I .awn Cemetery, by electric car from
Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
CKOWLEY— In this city, November 4, 1003,
Elizabeth, beloved wife of William Crowiey,
a native of England, aged 61 years 4 months
and 4 days.
|C7Funeral Saturday, November 7, 1803, a-
S:'M o'clock, from the mortuary chapei of the
Golden Gate Undertaking Company, 2475
Mission street, thence to Et. James Church,
corner Twenty-third and Guerrero streets,
where blsh mass will be celebrated for the
repcre of her soul at 9 o'clock. ' Interment
private. Holy Cross Cemetery. 'Kindly omit
flowers.
\ CURLER— In this city, > November 5, 1003
Rosa, beloved daughter or Frederick H. and
Emma Curler, a native of Los Angeles, aged
0 years & months and 21 days. -ilttavSB*®;
£7Frlendg and acquaintances are respect-
.HCAl, ESTATE— -CITY--^]OIt^SALE. J
'j. H. CMESTN & CO-. l"0 MONTGOMERY ST. j
. ' Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers.
• •SICO.OOO — SaEEorr.e and Caiirorr.;a st«., 3-story ]
and baseir.rst tuildlnc; rer.is for »3000
8C2.600— Bcclriese 'ccraer en Larkin st.. rentir«
for $COUO per annum; under five years'
' ¦ fc. —- c
¦ tSO.OOO — McAllister ri. and Ash av«. — Two 3-
etory houses of 30 rocrrs and fcaths on
McAllister *nd four 2--*tcry houses of .
C-6 roorr-s and baths <~n Ash ave; rents j
HS0: bay windows, brtdt fou»iaUaa»;
' . 82:6x110.
523,000— Near City Hal! en Franklin st_. 2
house* cf 0 room* each /uid 0 flats cf 3 :
rooms earh; fray windwra, brick foun-
dation*- rent* $:**•; lot 103 front.
' $:i.O00— Business property en KUfth rt; larpe
lot: old irr.rrwn-'e^ 8 payir.K $"''S per
. * annuis: abova water.
* -16,500— Webster st- ccmtr. 5 f.ats cf 4-5-C
roo*ns- b^y ¦ftoiow*, brick foundations.
etc.; rents" JU- 00; 27:CxS7:6.
$13.000 — PacOJo five.. rf?i<!ence cf 12 rorins.
base::ic:it ar.d attic and wine cellar;
f.r.« marina clew; 27:6xl27:SVi-
•*' $12,000 — ?u:ter ft., 3 flats of '->'< rooms and
baths ea£b; rer.ts s?100; brick founda-
: tiers, etc.; 25x137:6.
. f 1 1,000 — Rer.ts {lf*>() p^r annum. Fo'sora .«t.,
1 ¦:.•-•: r.n=s property, store anS 2 flats;
, 2"x5P.
FS.SOO-— Basb yt.. north line. .*! flats of 7-7-6
n-T.E *.r.d both each: rents $«;S 50: bay
window*, brick fcur.fiaticrjs. otc; 27:«ix
• (9.000 — Bcsti ?9'"C r p r annum; business cor- |
r.<r. Ftcre; Slat and 2 houses: lot 00x80:
within £ minutes' walk of th«s City
iia::.
-S?.tOO — ll'r.tir.* fop $732 per annum. sr.<1 vwy
lew; Kaye* Valley; Sats; Jet "7:0x120;
two fror.tajres.
$7,700 — Near Xiruh ajd FoiEcm «ts.. 4 f.ats ¦
of I>-5-4-4 roosu and 1>aths cadi; bay
windows, brick fcundaticcs, etc.; rents
$73; 3C:CxS5.
$7.000 — PcltOD ft., park flats. 2 flats of 5-G
rccir.? r.ni baths; bay w!ndowy, «tc. :
' rents (SI : 25x100.
$C,25G — Elfirant r<ti<ipnce of 7 rocms anfl
bath?: lot 25x100:3; nicely located in
th* Western Addition.
$6,000— By order of bajik; v<?ry easy t»rrr.s;
corner en Valencia st. ar.d T:~any ave.;
business property; large i<t.
f. r .25O — Fourtw-r.th St., near Mission St.:
rents $492 r*r anr.uir.; 4 f.ats and let
51xS0.
Ji.t-OO — Mission Warm Belt. T-e?i<5^r.ce of 8
rooms p.ri bath; brick foundations,
etc; SSxrO.
$3.2t.0— Near NtaUs st. ar.J Gr&r.i ave.. Mo-
tion St., 2 houAt'3 of C rooms each;.;
rents S3; 2Tx5C:«.
HJ900— Rents (312 vet ammm: r.ear Paeif.c !
ar.d Tay;>r t-ts.; 2 booses.
• Try tarttier particuiarg at t^e above an4 f^r .
the Tifs.1 Estate Beeoxd contalninc a list of ¦
properties for tal* la all r-arts cf the city, j
inculre a,t our effire.
G. H. USIBSEN &- CO.,
20 ilor.tBomery ?t-
RosJ Ettate A£e::ts an! Auctioneers.
DE^IRAELC eunr.y building lots, cljse w Du-
boce Park; titunir.izM streets; lets lore!
nr.i rt-n^.y to build rn; a. rare chance to ob- j
tain a hcliinc admirably situated and close
to the city at a very reasonable figure; <i;a- |
. cram, price and al! further particulars at
our effic*.
G. H. fMBSEN' & CO..
20 SIontsocDery St.
flaal Estate As»ats end Auetior:«>«v-s.
POST ST.
Rirht la the b--Ft prospective district.
Between 40 ar.d 50 f<*et of frn'ace.
PRICE VEBT REASONABLE.
THOMAS MAGEE & SONS.
REAL ESTATE AGENT.-.
5 yO.VTGOMF.liT ST. j
k . ZZZZ- .
MODERN cottages; finished complete with
every cortveriier.ee: tasy terms; large lota.
4 rooms— $2!>"O.
. • 6 rooms— «"-.*•".
5 room* — $;4iTO.
.' 6 roora? — OG00.
7 rooms — *410O.
£ rooms — |M0QL*
Located on First sr.4 fecorjd are., bet.
"' . Geary and McAllister «r cars and one block
north of park. F. NELSON, builder.
.tJAROAIX — Two hand=<:rr!e rew r^si^iencea of
<5 room» and bath; sunny modern an<i up to '
<5at«? in *>v<?ry rarticular; No*. B08 an.] WS8 •
Ciayton i?t.. n»ar GnlJ'n Gate Park: price :
$MI>0 and $M«X». Arr'Jy IV U. CKAKSTO.V |
• *: PONP. 11* Montgomery «. j
#900— COTTAGE. 4 rooms, at 623 Uoeltrlt St.; j
• a barpain: f."iiO down, balance fS per month. :
flSO© — Cotiae-e. 4 r. and b. : 2?th «.; terra*.
D. COFFIN' & CO.. 3.TK5 Mission et.
' I3t"ILJ> eri j-for unimproved realty: we loan j
" full c^st irrtrrr. sn<J part lot at 6 per cent. |
. MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker building.
•F r 'n sale or r*fit— -M<*J*m cottage, 6 rocrr.s aad
bafh. SO Webeter
,.'KINE income flats on 'Fulton, nr. Clt.- Hall;
if»«niaWc Incuir* 142 Fulf-n *t.. comer
/ itLAl, ESTATE Country For Sale.
NOTICE TO EMPLOYES.
A rare chines for | arties earning a small j
salary to £tt themsUves a nice country i
home
$+00— $:on (Jown. $25 a month, will buy 10 '
acres cf chcicf citriis fruit, twrry. tabie or {
wine rrar* lani in the Whitaier & Ray j
Colony, FaTamento County. IS miles from
caj'ital of State.
2'X<> acres to\&, 1500 r'ari'ed; p^od <=ch^ol
and close to railroad station. QCIOGLJE j
' car* WHITAKER & RaT CO.. 723 Market j
W St.; hours. & to 10 a. ra.. 4 to 5 p. m.. or j
" address box l.\ Gait.
$10 A MONTH buys a ten-acre farm twelve
rr,i!e*= from Sacrarrento; write fcr booklet; ¦
ite free. tVIUGHT & KIMBROUGH. O13
J Ft.. Sacramento, Cs.1.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, Orchards.
vineyards; ltisp-jcted barpair.*: monthly cata-
logues sent free. C. M. WGOSTER CO., 61S
Market Ft.
ZF you want a stock ranch dairy or coioniza- i
t:cn tract, write CHAP. W. (XE & CO.. 45
West Fanta St., San Jrse. Cal.
PORTT acres: Cm boOM, 5am nnl well: fine
vlr-.e land: Livermore Valley. Tir-x "402. Call.
FDR t>oultry and dairy ranches j-:»!dinK a srocd
profit. HAMILTON & KKXnP.irK.Petahima.
POIVT RICHMOND REAL ESTATE.
WATER frost lots aad bargains: sJl tracts; !
rrar* rh < "tnw -ere PELL 417 Parron bldg.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
OAKLAND property to excharce for a small
ranch in Sonoma or Napa County. P c
LA.ESEX & OO.. 466 Tenth st., Oakland. Cal]
nciL estate: tvaxteel
WANTED — To buy buildinjf of 2 flats of 5 or 6
rooms each; must be in (rood condition; bee
Grove ar.d Push, not farther than Baker-
; state rrirf. P.i^x 2*y>^. Call office.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
• BERKELEY REAX. ESTATE.
3. 3. MASON, ~~~
;; -- Real Ertate ana Insurance Agent.
Choice Property a Specialty.
SB. cor. Ehattu<-k ave. and Center st.,
Berkeley. Cal.
£-rlS0; ON Oreroa ft., near Aeisty station
r '3H Ranches rt... Qbti Pranrisco.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
' OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
. OAKLA\D REAX ESTATE.
TO rest — Two first class r.ew flats. Telegraph
«.ve., near 27th St., ?23 and $30; choice
' neljrhborhood ; easy walklnar distance from
• town. Apply lew Telegraph ave.
.Modern house. t> ras.; stable; .Va.-.-i i- Hainlia
• fcrrar.. Before 12 rn., 422 Orar.ge et., Oakland.
. OAKLAXD FCItSriTCIlC FOR SALB.
TO-MORP.OW the~ia7~fo71^1^nn~f^
ture. II. Schellhaas. 11th st-.ccr.store.Oitklnd.
SCIENTIFIC OPTICIASS.
'S2JS&B £; G A - Dr. Clis-.
•1°23 Market gt.. bet. Cth-Tth. fitted glasses to
O«3. M.ltt; you want the best as well aa he.
«E%%^X^_JMtACJU[|[XEs a.VI> MTPLIEJ
" N 5^ "9 M £/ e *^^*cl^eTTwrwIek~^c7y:
' f:^! 1 ?;/*^ "JiEfctly used; needles 20c doz.
¦ NET\ HOME S. M, CO.. 1QS1 Market St.
CATARRH. TiKAFy^r^fKOISEsT^EAnS
positively cured- new method: 1 week's treat-
• rr.pnt free. Dr. Cottinphan. 204 Setter st. |
~l5 T ®5 A £5^J^^ W AREH<>lJSES.
A 7 EM^ CM , £tOrw &^ T « Co-: fKrciture.
household Koois stored, moved Bhlpn^d 725-
731 Howard St., Bear Third; phone Grant 1«1.
rj^T.CE-RODOLPH Storage & Morlng Co.. of-
Cce Post and Powell els.; tel. Prive. Ex. S71.
CO .^ E:LI i^, S^ Ef^ ra&^ Fun:!ture ««»4 merchaa-
dlse. 333 Golden Gate ave. : phone East 126.
COLDEN West Storage; advances made- 544
Mission St.; tcl. Howard 041. F. W. Zeh'fuss.
PACIFIC Stors*- and rumiturTMovTng~Com- '
pany. 2320 Fillmore st. : phone Jackson 2Si.
EEKIXS Van and Storage Co.. u Mcntromery
tel. Mala 1S10. Shipping at cut rates.
IN A STREET CAR in New York City the other day two women,
about equally well dressed, were seated side by side, one with a
dog on her lap. the other with a baby. It was hotand both women
were uncomfortable. She with the dog was meekly sacrificing her
"comfort to its comfort, and it was sitting there cool and dean and
cheerful. She with" the baby was. shifting it this way and that, looking
crossly now and then at its peevish face^ — who wouldn't be peevish if he
were tied up in a mass of warm clothes on a hot day, and had a cap
strapped over his head and fastened tinder the chin with strines that cut
into the flesh?
• * It was apparent at a dance that the woman with the dog had studied
the habits, needs and nature of dogs and had diligently applied what she
had learned. It was apparent at a glance that the woman with the bibv
had never thought seriously on the subject of the peculiarities of babies.
These are the kinds of sights that bachelors love to talk over as they
sit in .groups in their clubs.
The above incident, which is being quoted far and wide, is an indi-
cation of a peculiar state of affairs that will soon be agitatinsr this citv.
It.mav seem to have no connection whatever with school teaching, but
nevertheless New York is iust now embroiled in a campaign against
• married women as school teachers. The war of discrimination has spread
and spread, even tb England, and promises to be taken up here in no
less startling manner before long. And yet, "Why should not the school
teacher marry?" That is a question that even some of our own teachers
have answered with amazing variance of opinion in the^-next Sunday
Call. Meanwhile New York declares married women are entirely unfit
for teaching, and is rigidly enforcing a new rule against them. And
now can you conceive how that street-car incident quoted above has
anything to do with this remarkable war of polite extermination? Well,
it has, and every woman in the West, whether married or single, will
want to read it next Sunday.
Besides this there are many other things, that not only the women
but the men as well will want to read. For instance, the "Art of De-
signing as a Christmas Money Maker for Women." There is an article
to bring you good cheer while the wave of prosperity is receding.
Then there is the "Etiauette of the Swimming Girl." (You'll watch
for those photographs.) 1 The Me-ows of a Kitty, which gives every
woman an excellent chance to bring discomfiture to her recreant
lovers. "The Art of Posing." by Boye. (There's a gem of a full page
picture to go with this, a picture that every woman will talk about.)
"The Nursing of Cowslip." which is the strangest story vou ever read.
A page of photographs of the new winter shirt waists. The latest in-
stallment of "The Golden Fetich," which tells what actually was found
in the white ant's nest at the end of the l^iiibow in the land of the
Batoncas. and what became of the "Queen' of the Silver Sunrise." And
there is a new book page and^ — in point of fact there are pages on pages
of everything that is new, too numerous to mention in this limited
space. Anyway, you're going to see it all for yourself next Sunday,
especially the pictures.
The Bachelor's Delight.This, is the last day of £ the * special
price sale of shopworn gas ranges by S.
F. Gas and Electric Co., 415 Post «t. * L
Will Reduce Church Deht.
The Ladles' Aid Society of the Emanuel
Evangelical Church will hold a bazaar In
Foresters* Hall on the afternoons and
evenings of Wednesday, Thursday and
Friday, of next week. The bazaar Is to
Wedding cake boxes, wedding: ttatlonery. Ed
ward S. Knowles. 24 Second «t.: Male SOS. •
The . Grand Jury met , yesterday and
adopted a resolution requesting District
Attorney , Bylngton or ,hls representative
to attend the sessions of the inquisitorial
body. Bylngton has not been present at
any of the meetings so 'far held by the
present Grand Jury.
Foreman Sbarboro of the Grand Jury
urged the various committees to Investi
gate the departments under, their- super
vision so that * action ' thereon may. be
taken If necessary. .The report of the ex
perts who are investigating the accounts
of the probate department in the. County
CUrk's office Is now being awaited by the
Grand Jury.
•Alexander Chope filed . a ' complaint,
against one Hamilton, an. attorney, whom'
he accuses of .withholding certain legal
papers in a suit brought In Ferndale,
Humboldt County. Hamilton will be sub
penaed to appear at the next meeting of
the Grand Jury,
Issues Request to .District Attorney
to Attend Sessions of Inquisi
torial Body. ... .'
GRAND JTJST DESIRES
BYINGTON'S PRESENCE
It was ascertained from the duplicate
tally book of the seventh precinct of the
Thirty-first District, where Oscar Hocks,
candidate for Supervisor, was credited
with no votes that he received 37, which
reduces Loughery's lead of 64 to 27.
Loughery Is the eighteenth Supervisor
elected. . '.".
Auditor Baehr has reappointed William
Wilkinson to be 1 his chief deputy, "William
H. Cobb attorney, and John G. Leibert,'
chief clerk. Baehr's desk and chair wens
handsomely decorated .wifti flowgrs and
smilax in honor of his re-election.
The old original Indian Basket • Store,
CCS Post at., cor. Jones, selling out at cost.
Examine our stock before buying. •
any other ofnee until one year after the
expiration of the term 'for which he was
appointed. The Mayor says he was con
fronted with this same difficulty when he
desired to- put | Boyle jon. the police com
mission. - . .
The International Association of Ma
chinists will give a ball In Native Sons'
Hall this evening In celebration of the so
ciety's nineteenth anniversary. The grrand
march •will take, place at 8:30 o'clock.
Machinists Will Dance.
Mrs. Adolph H. Beth.
Mrs. Beth, wife of Adolph H. Beth, one
of the proprietors of the . Old Louvre,
passed away shortly after eleven o'clock
Thursday evening, after a short, illness.
Surrounded by her family and friends,
the end came peacefully. Mrs. Beth was
very popular and had a wide circle of
friends, among whom she will be greatly
missed and who will always revere her
memory. The Interment will take place
Sunday. :
The prune situation at the present time is a
striking illustration, where, with less than half
a crop in the world, a few speculators arbi
trarily fix a price far below its market value
and, before the crop is grown, send broadcast
over the world printed circulars quoting the
prices they had arbitrarily fixed. Thereupon
the prices dropped, and all the great markets
buying at a 3-cent basis dropped to the lower
quotation and prices tumbled the world over.
Sales being negotiated In London on a 3-cent
basis were called off, and In America the same
conditions followed, resulting in a demoralized
market, brought about and maintained by a
combination of speculators, packers, brokers,
local buyers working in tbe interest of the
speculators, transportation companies, man
agers of local associations, more closely affili
ated with the speculating element than with
the growers — all combined to hold down the
prices and oppress the growers. .
j It is an unequal struggje for the unorganized
growers, needing money, against this combina
tion of organized, monied, monopolists; yet a
few loyal growers are maintaining this unequal
struggle as never before in the history of this
State, and are going to win a 3-cent base. It
is a beginning of a better era to the growers.
And now may I ask that your lines of opera
tion be broadened, so as to embrace the prune
growers In their crusade foryfair prices: such
prices as will bo determined by the law of sup
ply and demand, and having secured this, then
demand an exact statement of the sales and
prices of the fruit later.
First having secured a price worth contend
ing for the prune growers can be relied upon
as reinforcements for the balance. Don"t fool
with the.spigsot until you have stopped the
waste at the bung.. .
• The creating of artificial conditions to control
the markets, by inflating or depressing prices,
as best suits the interest of the speculating
buyer, is doing more injury * to the growers
than the false returns referred to In your
letter;
An open letter addressed to th» editor
of The Call has been received from C. D.
Harvey, manager of the California Fruit
Exchange, in which the needs of the fruit
growers of California are discussed. The
text of the letter is as follows:
Your Dote of Inquiry as to tbe advisability of
sending on agent to the various markets where
California fruits are Bold to determine how far
tho portlucer obtains an exact statement of the
sales, and tbe prices of his fruit, has been
placed in my hands, with a request that I in
terest myself in the movement.
Having spent much of the last year in study
ing this problem, and investigating the subject
of distribution and sale of the growers" prod
ucts, I am interested in any movement tending
to relieve the growers from the speculating
conditions which have been forced upon them.
Both as grower and shipper I am familiar
with the methods employed in the distribution
and salo of elecldoua fruits, and took part in
organizing the Decidoua Growers' Shipping Ex
change, ' which brought the desired relief to
the erowers of decidoua fruits, and is to-day
the third largest fresh fruit shipping exchange
in tbe State. Turning from that field I have
the past year studied the dried fruit marketing
system of sale and distribution, as practiced
by the packers, brokers, Jobbers and managers
of the local associations, where the establish
ing of a fair market price is quite as import
ant, in my estimation, as "obtaining an exact
statement of the sales and prices of the fruit"
after the sale is made.
Manager of California
Fruit Exchange
Gives Facts.
Readings from the Bible are now being
given In Berlin by professional reciters.
For a tenacious & persistent cough, Pisa's Cur»
for Consumption is an effectual remedy. 23c. •
SEEKS JUSTICE
FOR PRUNE MEN
A] number of glfta^to. the Park Museum
were h reported by Curator Wllcomb and
accepted by the commission. Among the
gifts are an iron lock and key from the
prison ¦ in Havana, \ Cuba, - taken • from the
place . by, J: W. Erwin ¦ of Berkeley after
the entry of the American troops. , A mon
ster fossil oyster, found in San Luis
Obispo County, 1500 feet above . sea level
and weighing ten pounds, was presented
by A. J. Kasten of this city. ¦.-:, •
Superintendent McLaren filed his report
for October, which showed that work was
progressing rapidly on the new lake to be
used • for sailing model yachts. The re
port also dealt with the. object of boring
for water in the park. Commissioner
Lloyd favored the plan to bore for water,
but objected to doing, so because of the
advice secured by means of a "divining
red," which the Commissioner designated
as "flim-flam." '
The Commissioners unanimously voted
that, an artesian ' well be bored, the esti
mated cost, of the work being $750. It is
expected. that a large body of water will
be found 600 feet down, and If this is done
considerable saving, will be made In the
cost of, water .for.' the ;park.
Commissioner 1 Lloyd suggested that re
ceptacles for waste paper be erected ¦ on
the* ocean beach and 7that a special of
ficer be detailed to. see. that the beach and
park I are , not littered' with waste paper
and j bags- by visitors. " The motion pre
vailed/ .-'••.. : -.,-; -
George 13. Dow, president of the Dow
Engine Company, when Informed of the
charges filed by the Blerce-Stllwell Com
pany, said:
"I am surprised that Brown or any one
else should make such charges. The pump
at the Dutch windmill was in course of
construction by us for six months before
the Park Commission ever thought of
erecting the Dutch windmill. It was a
stock pump. "As to the statement Brown
claims was made by our George A. Dow,
there is not a word of truth. in Brown's
assertion. We treated him well while he
was with us, but Brown acted strangely
at times. This matter is spite work and
nothing else, and we will certainly ap
pear before the commission to refute the
claims put forward by Brown and his as
sociates."
The Park Commissioners discussed at
some length the model for fountains
which may be erected in the park and in
tlie downtown breathing places. The de
sign as accepted will be duplicated in the
erection of the drinking fountains in order
to save expense of having separate de
signs submitted.
TO BORE ARTESIAN WELL.
GEORGE E. DOW EXPLAINS.
bolster up your written charges by pro
ducing these men here.
"We let this contract to the Dow En
gine Company because Its pump was of
home manufacture; it was superior In
every way to any others, and it could
readily be repaired, as it was made in
sections. We took all these things into
account in awarding the contract, and
we were not bound to award the contract
to the lowest bidder, as you claim.
"Now, as regards these statements that
the Dow Company was building the pump
before the contract was awarded to them
and the insinuations that this commission
or some of its employes acted In collusion
with the company, we demand the fullest
investigation.- If there is fraud I want to
know it. I move that this matter go over
for the next meeting and that George A.
Dow and other members of the Dow Com
pany come here and refute these
charges."
Brown* Gafney and their lawyer then
offered to withdraw the petition, but the
Commissioners would not allow the step
to be taken, and the matter will come up
at the next meeting of the commission.
be given for the purpose of reducing the
church debt and many attractive articles
are to be offered for sale at the booths.
Mayor Schmitz will make the initial ad
dress on "Wednesday evening.
The Fire Commissioners at their regular
meeting yesterday afternoon fined Lieu
tenant William Gill of Company 10 sixty
days' wages for disobedience and using
offensive language. Captain George Bai
ley was the complaining witness.
Fireman Gill Is Punished.
Some new and strikingly novel things
in the picture line and subjects never
shown here before. All the latest fin
ishes in moldings to frame any picture
appropriately. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741
Market street •
Herewith please, find. Bill No. 1211, entitled
"An ordinance requiring labels on packages
containing substances intended for human con
sumption," returned without my .approval for
the reason that, while this proposed ordinance
is apparently designed to prevent the use of
deleterious ingredients In the preparation of a
certain claps of manufactured articles, its terms
are so general and comprehensive as to be al
most prohibitory of all industries involving the
use of -packages, boxes or bottles containing
substances or fluids for human consumption.
It might be suggested that the objection men
tioned could be avoided by employment of more
particular and precise language and thereby
accomplish tbe specific purpose of this ordi
nance.
Mayor Schmitz yesterday vetoed the
ordinance requiring the placing of the
names of the ingredients on package's con
taining food for human consumption. The
Mayor took action as a result of the
protests of the local druggists, as it would
compel the manufacturers of patent medi
cines to put the formulae thereof on tile
bottles. In all likelihood the Board of
Supervisors will sustain the Mayor's veto,
as Dr. D f Ancona said at the last meeting
he would so recommend, as the Ordinance
was not designed to apply to medicines,
but only to 'foods preserved by artificial
means. In his communication' the Mayor
says :
Says Measure Would Be Prohibitory
of All Industries Involving Use
of Packages.
MAYOR SCHMITZ VETOES
LABELING ORDINANCE
The Norwegian Relief Society will open
a rummage sale Monday, November 9, at
535 Second street. Contributions sent to
the above mentioned address will be
thankfully received.
Will Hold Rummage Sale.
If. there la any consolation In folding out how
It happened, adherents of Crocker may gain
a crumb of comfort from the political article
by Junlus In to-day's S. F. New* Letter.
The News Letter has very gootf fiction this
week, and Its article on the troubles of a press
ap'nt will create much amusement. . •
"The Ladles Will Have to Shave" Is the
startling: title of Lady Algie's fashion article.
The Looker On department never had a bet
ter assortment of stories and gossip. Some, of
the most notable people in town are subjects
of the Interesting and amusing: little tales
that are told by this ubiquitous chronicler of
club and society life.
As usual, the Xews Letter's literary, dramat
ic, financial, insurance and automobile depart
ments are full of the best matter, and the so
ciety columns are complete and authentic. •
To-Day's S. F. News Letter.
Among those who will secure comfort
able billets in the city's employ cwlng to
Mayor Schmitz's re-election are John N.
Elbert, who stands a good chance to be
superintendent of the City and County
Hospital to succeed Resident Physician
McElroy. now in charge of the institution.
Elbert was superintendent for one year,
but was oblipred to pive way to McEIroy
as the Health Board desired to have a
physician at the head of the hospital. •
John Daughney, who was once defeated
for Tax Collector, may be appointed su
perintendent of the Almshouse to succeed
JV. J. Kelly. *
In aJ! likelihood Morris Levy will suc
ceed O. M. Tupper as light and water In
epector on or after January 8. The posi
tion pays $130 per month and is not under
civil, service.
The Mayor said yesterday that the char
ter prevented him from appointing pres
ent Election Commissioner Thomas F.
Bo.vle en the Board of Public Works to
eucceed Manson much as he would like
to appoint Boyle. The charter provides
that an election commissioner cannot hold
SLATED FOR POSITIONS.
Several subordinates whose salaries
were increased by Commissioners Casey
and Manson without authority from the
Board of Supereiisors are likely to suffer
a reduction to the original figures.
Mayor Schmitz will also put his re
trenchment policy into effect in the
Board of Health as soon as his commis
sioners are in the majority in the board
named. The employes who are liable to
be affected include one assistant secre
tary, $1500; one clerk in main ofhee. $1200;
one statistician, $1800; one assistant chem
ist. $12)0; one toxicolopist, $1200; one chief
sanitary Inspector. $1800; two assistant
sanitary inspectors, $2400; one assistant
plumbing inspector, $130S; five assistant
food inspectors, $5400; one market in
epector, $10S0; two assistant emergency
Burgeons, $2400; secretary to the commis
sary at the City and County Hospital,
$1500.
Mayor Schmitz stated yesterday that he
would not begin to consider the appoint
ments on the various commissions and
boards until December 13 next. •
The positions that will be directly af
fected by the new regime, together with
the yearly salaries attached to them, are
as follows:
One clerk in the general office, $1300:
one messenger, S900: one stenographer and
clerk of the bureau of buildings, $1500;
one clerk In the bureau of streets, $1300;
three clerks, bureau of streets, $4500; one
keeper in the corporation yard, $300; two
carpenters at the corporation yard, $2100;
three inspectors, bureau of architecture,
$3900; certain employes in the bureau of
engineering not specified, but considered
unnecessary by the Mayor, $10,000.
PLACES IN JEOPARDY.
The foregoing statement from Mayor
Behmitz outlines his intention to effect a
complete reorganization of the Board of
Public Works, and as a result many em
ployes In the department named are de
cidedly uneasy as they fear the Mayor's
wrath will fall upon them.
The first thing that will occur on Janu
ary S. 1?C<4. according to the Mayor, will
be the election of a new president of the
board to succeed Casey. The new presi
dent will be cither Herbert Schmitz or
the new commissioner to be named by the
Mayor. Then his Honor will «icpend on
the two commissioners to carry out his
policy as expressed in his message to the
Board of Supervisors last June. In that
event no less than twenty employes will
euffer the loss of their -positions owing
to consolidations the Mayor proooses to
effect.
"One of my first official acts after tbe
eijrhth day of next January will be to
begin the reorganization of the Board of
Public Works, with a view to lopping" off
unnecessary expenditures in that de
partment. This board has always come
In for much unfavorable criticism, and it
shall be my endeavor. If possible, to lm
rrove the conditions. The fact that next
year Z will have two friendly Commis
sioners on the board will enable me to
carry out the policy of retrenchment
which Z tried without success to have
the present Board of Supervisors put
Into effect when it adopted the budget
last June. Z think now, as I did then,
that there are many unnecessary posi
tions in the Department of Works and
that some salaries yre too hijrh and
should be reduced." — Mayor Schmitz in
an interview.
Considerable indication wa3 expressed
by the members of the Park Commission
yesterday when an attempt was made
to charge the members of the commis
sion with fraud in the letting of a con
tract for the pump for the Dutch wind
mill on the ocean beach.
At the meeting of the commission a
protest ¦ was presented by an attorney
named Brownstone, on behalf of the
Bierce -Stllwell Company of Ohio, the pe
tition reciting that the commission had
not accepted the bid of the company for
a pump, its bid being the lowest, and fur
ther charged that the Dow Engine Com
pany, which received the bid, had built
the pump before the contract was let,
the inference being that there- had been
collusion between the commission and the
Dow corporation.
The commission was startled by the
charges in the petition and was greatly
surprised when two nien, named Brown
and Gafney, were brought before the
commission, to try and substantiate the
charges.
President A. B. Spreckels and Commis
sioners Reuben H. Lloyd, Jasper Mc-
Donald, A. Altmann and Frank J. Sul
livan were determined to Investigate the
causes that led to the charges of the
petition, and examination of the witnesses
showed that Brown was the prime mover
in the affair.
It transpired that he had formerly been
employed by the Dow Engine Company,
but was now an employe of the Bierce
Stilwell Company.
FLIMSY STORY OF BRO^N".
Brown's demeanor before the commis
sion was impertinent and he was repri
manded a number of times by members
of the commission.
Brown's story was that in October last,
while he was working for the Dow Engine
Company, he Jemarked to George A. Dow,
a member of the firm, . that the Park
Commission was to ask for bids for- a
pump for the Dutch windmill.
"Dow said to me." continued Brown.
" 'Why, we. are building the pump now
and you are working on It.' "
Brown claimed that this conversation
took place on October 1, while the com
mission let the contract for the pump on
October 9. He further claimed that when
he went to work for the Bierce Stllwell
Company he told the manager of
that firm that it was no use to bid for
the ¦ contract for the pump because the
Dow Company was already building It.
Brown," was repeatedly asked by the
Commissioners if George A. Dow or any
member of the Dow Engine Company had
informed him that the firm was building
the pump on account of any. understand
ing with any member of the commission,
or any park employe.
Brown would not answer the question,
"yes or no," as demanded,. but went into
long rambling explanations. He was final
ly forced to admit that no such Intima
tion had been conveyed to him.
The attorney who appeared with Brown
and Gafney then tried to explain that
Gafney was a stenographer and had
drawn up the protest and that no in
sinuation of fraud was meant. ¦ -
COMMISSIONER LLOYD iuJGRY.
Commissioner Lloyd • waxed wroth at
this statement and said:
"This petition distinctly charges fraud
against this commission, and you even
Almshouse.
May Be Superintendents of City
and County Hospital and
John N. Elbert and John Daughney
Many Positions in Health
Department Are in
Jeopardy.
Edward M. Coffey, statistician for the
Department of Public Health, submits the
following report of births and deaths
registered for the month of October:
Births registered, 481, equal to a rate of 14.07
per 1000 per annum. For the corresponding
month of last year there were 500 births.
The number of deaths registered was 620,
equal to a rate of 18.14 per 1O0O per annum;
deducting from this number 86 deaths classified
under the heading of "Violent" leaves 534 to
be credited to all natural causes, equal to a
rate of 15.62 per 1000. October. 1902. had 607
to its credit, the rate for that month being 20.19
per 1000.
The deaths registered were classified as fol
lows: By sex — Male 379. female 242; by social
condition — single 2C7 4 married 212. widowed 114,
divorced 8, unascertained 19; by race — Cau
casian 573, Mongolian 31, Japanese 4. African
12; by nativities— Pacific Coast 1S6, other
States 158, foreign 200, unascertained 16; by
ages — 60 were under 1 year of age, 21 from 1
to 5 years 29 from 5 to 20, 79 from 20 to 30, 92
from 30 to 40, 153 from 40 to CO. 154 from 60 to
SO. and 2<5 were 80 years of age and over.
Sixty-two died in the City and County Hospi
tal, 13 In. the Almshouse, 19 in the emergency
hospitals, 3 In the bay and 4 In Golden Gate
Park; J39 died in various hospitals and asy
lums, leaving 3S0 to be distributed throughout
the city at large.
Some of the principal causes of death were
as follows: Diseases .of heart 75, pulmonary
tuberculosis (consumption) 67. pneumonia 42,
cancer (all varieties) 36. nephritis (Brlght's dis
ease) 27. diseases of stomach and bowels 23,
cerebral apoplexy 21. cirrhosis of liver 19. eep
tic diseases lti, typhoid fever 15, senility (old
age) 12. whooping-cough 11. alcoholism 11,
diphtheria 4, measles 3, violent deaths 86 (under
this heading are Included deaths from "misad
venture and negligence," such as shock follow
ing operations 13, gas asphyxiation 7. burns 3,
crushing 8. drowning 4. falls 8. by railroads 3,
vehicles 2. other causes 5. total 53); homicides
3, suicides — by dynamite 1, firearms 12, hang
ing 1, gas 5. Jumping from window 1. railroad
train 1. bichloride of mercury 1, carbolic acid
4, cyanide of potassium 1, opium 2, sulphuric
acid 1. total 30. • , •
Several cellars in Chinatown were con
demned as unsanitary and ordered to be
torn out.
The Health Board yesterday rescinded
the resolution adopted June 15, 1900,
recommending the Almshouee tract as a
site for the new City and County Hos
pital. On Dr. Buckley's motion the pres
ent site of the hospital was recommended
to the Board of Supervisors as the proper
location for the new building, for which
bonds have been voted. The members of
the board present . were unanimously In
favor of the existing site, as they believe
that the Almshouse tract is not properly
situated for & hospital, owing to the bad
climatic conditions. Dr. Buckley held
that the old site is more accessible, nearer
to the city and In a warmer zone.
The suspension of William Ross, com
missary at the Almshouse, by Superin
tendent Kelly for alleged abusive lan
guage was referred to the Almshouse
committee.
The detectives learned that the negro
had pawned the gun at a Paciflc-sjreet
establishment, and while working in this
neighborhood connected him with tbe Pa
cific-street robbery. They then ascer
tained that the mistress of the thief re
sided at 225 Townsend street and they
watched the house. On Thursday night
the detectives were occupied in another
portion of the city and Policemen Cronln
and Tobln relieved them. The policemen
had been at the place but a short time
when the negro appeared and was taken
Into custody. "When put through the
sweating process he admitted both crimes
and was locked up to await trial.
Harry de Redd, colored, an ex-soldier,
confessed to a charge of burglary and one
of grand larceny at police headquarters
last night. He was immediately locked
up in the City Prison and charged. Three
days ago he forced an entrance to the
residence of Mrs. Sadie Sullivan at 102
Silver street, and on October 22 he robbed
a laborer named John Slater in a Pacific
street dive of $300. The confession was
made to Detectives Ryan and Taylor.
Mrs. Sullivan employed De Redd to
move her furniture to the Silver-street
residence a few days before the burglary.
She occupied the upper flat and he was
not seen in the neighborhood until the
day of the crime. He then called upon
the people that reside below and asked
their permission to upe a ladder in the
yard . for the purpose of entering the
place. He said that Mrs. Sullivan had
lost her keys and that she desired him to
open the door from the inside. He set
the ladder against a window, pried the
sath with a jimmy and entered. While
Inside he took $6 50 in coin and a revolver,
then escaped, but the police were soon on
his trail.
Try to Withdraw Allegations,
but Officials Demand
Proof.
Plans to Put Into Effect
Proposed Policy of
Retrenchment.
Statistician Coffey Files Re
port on Births and
Deaths.
Idleness and Profligacy
Bring, Ex-Soldier to (
Prison.
Health Board Rescinds
Almshouse Tract Rec
ommendation.
mits Guilt and Goes
to Jail.
When Arrested He Ad-
Disgruntled Bidders on
Contract Trump Up
Charges.
MAYOR WILL
REORGANIZE
WORKS BOARD
ARE REBUKED
BY PARK BOARD
NEGRO BURGLAR
IS CAPTURED
FAVORS PRESENT
HOSPITAL SITE
THE SAN FRANCISCO SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 1903.
14
.HALE'S. * I HALE'S. •' ' . ) HATJTS. .
vBM )$f!#X iSr and every Saturda y night till Christmas).
VB^vSr\^V;r \b8e[I Come — and bring the children.
\18\^J!s£ii«IP/ - They wil1 want to see the clolls and doU cabs — Sfe the airship the dolls have t:
in the court. While they are looking at the Christmas things you may listen to ou
First Saturday Evening Concert.
The programme to-night includes eight rare musical numbers. Mr. Hughes will be s
.the piano-player. Mr. Wooldridge. formerly of Castle Square Opera Company, will rends
¦everal vocal selections during the evening. v
Toiiet B P#r?tio ns . Hosiery by the Box.
Almond meals, Florida waters, At new prices. This is Hale's solution of the stocking
bay rum, toilet water, powders and u ,
perf.mes. problem.
They represent the highest art We can save you money if you will buy in dozens or half-
known to the : toilet • world. They dozens. It's th'e same proposition to you the factory people
are articles of which no one need , T( . ,•£• i A * i«
be ashamed and of which, if you use make to. us. If we buy in bigger lots we can get closer prices,
them once, we believe you will keep an( j as we h ave s j x stores in our store family we can divide these
on using. them. They are as good ... i j • . >^ ¦> <¦
as any French article we know of big lots up "among them and it doesn t mean much for any one.
and cost much less. They're put So it is with your family. A dozen stockings divided up be-
up in a neat, refined way, with a J . . ., , , ., .. , , , , ,,
style and tone 'that few toilet tween two or three children ana the mother ana father doesn t
preparations possess. mean much extra for any one of them ; yet, as a whole, it means
Perfumery. 25c. 75c. $1.00 and $1.50. In as
dainty little packages as on© could ask qillte a Saving.
Bradiey's Almond Meals, 25c. I2}£c Children's Hose $t.j8 doz.; J2*4c Women's Hose $1.33 doz.
Siw m w«r™ er 'iBc 2O^i n 2«?Mi^ J 5 C Children's Hose $1.65 doz.; 25c Women's Hose $1.25 % doz.
?ol!et w^n^&r'SKti... BOo. 4* Children's Hose $2.73 doz.; 5 oc Women's Hose U-75 % doz.
Extract oC WUch Haze1 ' 18 This means an extra pair thrown in with every dozen, and
|t c en et a''fiw e Floreat!ne Orris «"• S5 °' you may have as many different sizes of the dozen as you may
10c Sachet Packages. desire.
Beauty Rose, Heliotrope or Vesta j L25 half dozen for women's regular 23c weight, full fashioned feet. Th» best 23c
Carnation odors.. Dainty little pack- stockings full fashioned, fast black ones. stocking w« know of.
ages, specially gotten up more for ad- sizes 8 to 10 $1.65 dozen for misses' regular 15,, «toek-
vertlslng than profit. $1.38 dozen — Women's and children's regular ir.*s. smooth finished ones. Sizes 8 to 10.
We'll also give 1214c stockings; seamless cotton ones. The. $2.25 dozen for women's regular 20c stock-
c c t T* i- r> j women's are full length and elastic. The Ings, heavy fleece lined onea la black, wide
rree bampleS lalCUm rOWder. boys' and girls' heavy ribbed with double. and elastic
In order to show you what Bradiey's knees. $2-73 for half dozen women's regular 50c
Talcum Powders are. m^dluV o? helvy 3S? o^^lTo 10?" faShl ° ne<1 -
M en ' s . veils and Veilings. Child's Silk Beaver
Merino Half Hose, 12^c. — Hats, Trimmed, $2.65.
Ti'/io7 C/4,- 1Qr» Nct and mcsh veilin S 3 arc thc T , , 4 . . .„ .
IV 001 SOX, iyC. style— dotted and gray mixed ones . Th « bare untnmmed silk beaver
Wool Undenvear, 79C. especially.' ** tXi costs $200 and . $2.25. Here
' F they are fully trimmed with ribbon,
Fcrcale Shirts, 4oC. 25c yard gives one a good choos- silk and ornaments at $2.65.
TVipcp nrf> fU~ Jnvifarirknc fr\r m %- This wholesale man is moving.
inese are the invitations for Tuxedo effects ln p retty meshM He didn - t want to move his hat *
men to-day. Step in this even- 2Sf n w2Sc d «d^h!t.° m^ed^S H* let us have them at, a sacrifice
incr and <;p<» thpm qp*» nil tVi*» in fancy Tuxedoes; dotted Malines I hen we added a dollars worth of
ing ana see tnem see an tne and ha f r llne effects . ribbon or silk , and instead of asking
new neckwear we have at 25c ' 56c yard offers a particularly $4.50 for them, only $2.65. They
and enr- cpa limv w <»11 fi Y *»r1 w*» strong choosing. are red, black, castor, navy and
ana 5OC, See how well tixed we Tux edoes In gray mixed and black brown, with corresponding trim-
are in shirts. Accept the invita- TeJertfte'diSSs. h with "chenfiiS ™ ings : Some of thcm arc trimmed
tion of the men's Store to-dav self and velvet dots. In this lot m white.
nun Ui lUC IIICU & Mure IO Uay. are alsQ some sllversheen veilings. Children's hand ma.3* velvet pok» bonnets
MKRIXO SOX. 13^c — Are ln natural gray, Brussels nets and chiffons. ' Another feature* to-day; blue, castor, pink,
seamless, heavy ribbed, tans. whit« heels T5,**«.-« V-Jic "Vf^ctlv rhifFnn<; whit* and brown: all shirred with goo<!
and toes. Usually sold at 20c. Pattern Veils. .MOStiy cninons, quality of velvet and daintily trimmed. $3
"%$gg*P&£*& satm TalfSTRibbons.
as drawers in tho natural" color and blue- Mourning Lhltton .Drapes, Wlin ing.
silk faced and pearl buttons; ail sizes. heavy borders. $i.oo, $1.25. 23C quality is 15c (No 40)
PERCALE SHIRTS at -48c— Have 2 pairs Tuxedo mesh pattern veils of che- aualftv is 20C f\ T o 8o>
of extra cuffs to match. They're good fit- nl n e dots in clustered and seal- f£ «l ua^y I s 20c y*o. e>O).
ting and well made; euch as are regularly i oped effects, with ribbon borders, 39C quality IS 25c (>»O. IOO).
SSSn^ffwSrtiSS go b kSjit'S? S°0 P c ?nd 65ceach. And the quality we'll give you is
All sizes to start with. " — ~ _^ the very best and every good color,
- . Buy Candy To- Day. too.
35c lb. for choice French mixed
"j 11^ fl 1 ? von T W' re such as usu " M^^Goo5~o555SZZ?^
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE MUSIC"""]
OF 100,000 HOMES
Is furnished by the |
....sweetest-toned... I
piano in the world. I
I The makers of these J
I instruments have spent J
I eighty years in produc- J
I", ing the highest quality of 1
workmanship and finish. I
, Benj. Curtaz & Son, !
P SOLE AGEHTTS - 'I
1 (Curtaz BuilOlnr) B
1 16 to 20 OTarrell St., S. P. i
tf BRANCHES: San Jose, Fresno, ¦
SAlameda, Stockton. . R
A CUHlE.Rif
FVH?\nB 7 AnFMRR AMTFn
.ADVERTISEMENTS.
©000000000000000300000
I MISSION |
{FURNITURE |
| At 20%Dis«oant|
S From Regular Prices. S
• , •
0 We offer oar entire line of •
| MISSION AND |
• WEATHERED OAK 8
2 Dining-Room Furniture S
S Bookcases S
1 Desks S
S Chairs ) S
S Tables. Etc S
• — — ©
iChas.M.Piom&Co.l 4
© Cor. 9th and Market Six. g
*0*Q990*90e99*090099et>
SATURDAY, SXOZTDAT, TUESDAY.
BtTTTEK— Best made. 2 squares. .S .O7>
CBEAMIBY BUTTJEB — 2 sq 75
(Extra choice.)
SUOAE — Best Cane. 20 lbs l.OO
(With an order for other groceries.)
COFTEi: — Best Mocha & Java, lb .25
PIiOUB — Extra Family. 10-lb sk. .25
CEE AM — Carnation, 3 cans .23
(Limit 3 cans.)
EGGS — Minnesota, warranted, dz. .SO
WAXiirUTS — New, Paper Shell,
3 lbs 50
NO LIQUORS. PROMPT DELIVERY.
C.O.D. GROCERY CO. Inc.
JOH.V ROBINSON. President.
313 OTarrell St., Near Mason
Formerly of Post and Buchanan.
Telephone Folsom 316.
Furnished Hous&
To Lease.
A HANDSOME RESrDE2TCE TSt TSS
"WESTEKH ADDITION.
Elegantly furnished, large, fine ground*.
coach-house, etc. « — - *
Apply ASHTON & GARDINEK, Jtscnta,
411 Montgomery sc
MARKS BROS.
50C 75C —Kayser double tipped finger Silk Gloves.
' = Black and White. All sizes.
Hosiery Specials, Ribbons.
At 1 8C "Ladies' Lace Hose. w tied free or charge.
h\\. mo choii natltornf Nothing adds more to the hair than
oneii paiie rns , a Jaunty Bow or R u,bon. It adds
guaranteed absolutely Fast toneto any costume.
Black. A good value at 25c. | Qc pcr yard _ Taffeta
At I5C~ Children's Heavy Wash Ribbon, 4
Bicycle Ribbed Hose, inches wide. 18c value.
Double heel, toe, knee. A \f \OiA(t per yard — Fancy
good 25c value. . /2 Wash Ribbon, 4
At 25C —Children's Hose, inches wide. 25c value.
= Best quality Cash- /\(; 23C P cr yard— Import-
mere; all sizes. A good 35c ed Wash Ribbon, 6
value. • Inches wide. 40c value.
Corsets-2 Splendid Offerings F0R 0N T L ° Y DAY
At $1.50 -W. B. Corset J At $1.00 "Warner's Cor-
= Cxten d e d h I p, set. Hose Sup-
double side steels, bias gores, porters attached to front;
A splendid $2,00 value. Rust proof. Good $1.25 value.
twt ,-, i, 7 Sale Infants' Shoes.
INI XL W =
'NFriTWFAD At I8C per pair-Buttoned
lYLVfrV YYLAK Shoes. Best quality
I -D'E-A'-S Kid. Reg. value 35c.
Belt Novelties.
At 50C —Black Silk Belt
J1YT 15 * Vb Oxidized Buckle
tyw front and back.
At I5C — Beautiful showy JilSt ReCeiVfed.
patterns in Wash ,
Silk Stocks with Pendants. Latest novelty in Red and
Handsomely trim med in Black Silk Belts. Girdle ef-
Fancy Braid; all desirable feet. On special sale at
colors. A 25c value. ' 48c, .75°' 98c *
3 Big Specials in Women's Knit Underwear.
At 45C —Women's pal- At 40ft —Women's Union
briggan Fleece suits. Fleece lined,
Lined Vests. Pants to match. Gray or Ecru, extra heavy.
Extra heavy. r A good 75c value. -
At 75C, 98C, $1.00 and $1.45 Union
. v . . ' . v Suits. Cotton and
Wool mixed; Gray or White; All sizes.
Green Trading Stamps given with. every purchase. Mail Orders given prompt attention.
MARJC&fiRQS. «JS
1220-1222-12244VIARKEf ST., Bet Tay for and Jones. <