VOLUME XC1V— NO. 150.
SACRIFICES HORSES
AND TRAPS TO AID
ACCUSED HUSBAND
NOTED MEN WILL MEDIATE
BETWEEN AUGUSTUS HEINZE
AND THE COPPER COMPANY
MEN WHO WILL, ATTEMPT TO
SETTLE THE MONTANA EM
BROGLJO. - -
lator, is* said to. have benefited by these
alleged forgeries, as did Puter. an East
ern capitalist, whose! children are in
Berkeley, Cal.. at school. The land in
question is situated in the Roa-burg land
district of Southern Oregon and is mostly
within the confines of foreit re»erv«L
NEW YORK. Oct. 27.— Twenty buildings,
including stores end private residences,
were destroyed to-night in a Ore that
swept through two city blocks In Kings
bridge, at the upper end of Manhattan
Island. Th« Klngsbridge hotel, formerly
a famous roadhouse. was destroyed. Total
property damage, $150,000.
Fire Destroys Twenty Buildings.
considerable number of coffee plantations
in the neighborhood of Mazaya and Maza.
tepe.
VOLCANO OF SANTIAGO
IS AGAIN IN EBUPTION
Coffee Plantations in Neighborhood
of Mazsya and Mazatepe Are
Badly Damaged.
PANAMA, Oct. 27.— News has reached
here that the .volcano of Santiago. In
Nicaragua, is in eruption, and that the
consequent fall of ashes has damaged a
BILBAO, Spain, Oct. 27.— Martial law
has been proclaimed here. All the trades
have Joined the strike and 40,000 men are
affected. Railroad and street car trafflo
has been suspended. Cavalry Is protect
ing the gas works against the strikers,
whose persistent efforts to stop any man
from working have led to some rioting.
The rioters stoned carriages that ap
peared in the streets, shouting "Death to
the bourgeoisie" and "Down with the ty
rants." The mob was charged by the po
lice and shots were fired from both sides.
Several persons were wounded.
Factories in Bilbao belonging to foreign
ers now fly their respective national flags.
Business In the Bourse is suspended and
tbe strikers have prevented the loading
of vessels in the harbor. The shops ax»
closed and no newspapers are being pub
lished. Reinforcements of troops are ar
riving. .
Martial Law Proclaimed and Gojrenc
xnent Is Hurrying Troops to
the City.
STRIKERS RIOT AT BILBAO
AND SEVERAL ARE WOUNDED
Weathers and his wife ha\ - e had much
matrimonial trouble. She recently sued
him for divorce on the ground of deser
tion, but a decree was denied her. She
later took poison, as she claims by mis
take, and had a narrow escape from
death. Later Weathers and his wife ad
justed their differences and have been
living together. Weathers says he haa
warned Long to keep away from hia
house.
EUREKA. Oct. 27.— James Weathers,
maddened by Jealousy, attacked Jaaici
Long: last nljht with a pocketknlfe and
inflicted thirteen wounds. Weathers, who
has been watching hl3 wife, concealed
himself near his house, and when Lon?
and Mrs. Weathers returned from a walk
and entered the house Weathers followed
them. He. found Long talking to his wif3
in a room. Brushing his wife aside h«
attacked Long furiously. Long is In a
precarious condition.
HUSBAND USES KNIFE
h ON WIPES COMPANION
Thirteen Wounds Inflicted by Eureka
. Man on One Who Ignores
-Six 'I Warning.
The President remained perfectly cool
and was acclaimed by the crowd of citi
zens, who showed groat joy at his C3cape,
The President has received th<« felicitation
of the citizens and diplomatic corps here.
GUANAJUATO, Mexico. Oct. r. -Great
excitement was caused here to-day by
what appeared to be an Attempt upon
the life of President Diaz, who was a
guest of the State Government during th»
festivities here." The President, his staff
and guests were passing by the Oantador
Garden in a sfreet car when a man of
the lower class, named Ellas Toscano,
approached the car. Shouting seme epi
thet he fired five shots from a revolver
at the car, fortunately doing no harm.
Paklo Escanadon of the President's
staff rushed from the car and caught the
man, wrenchlnc the revc:ver from hia
grasp. The police took Toscano fb prison.
Toscano Is a man with a bad criminal
record and was but recently released from
prison at Grandltas, where he had served
a term for homicide. One theory is thai
Toscano was drunk and another that h»
deliberately planned to snoot the chief
magistrate.
Criminal Proves to Be Man
Who HadyServed Time
for Homicide.
Poor Aim Sends Five
Bullets Wide of
Their Mark.
Ex-Convict Shoots
at President
of Mexico.
LIFE OF DIAZ
IS IMPERILED
BY ASSASSIN
Burglars Suffocate Their Victim.
LEAD, S. D'., Oct. 27.— J. O. Mareaux,
head carpenter for the Hidden Fortune
Mining Company, was killed and his wife
barely escaped puffocarion by the' use of
chloroform In the hands of 'robbers. A
large sum of money received yesterday,
wj?ich the robbers were after, " bad been
claccd in the bank. . ¦ . . .. - *<2
PARIS, Oct.. 27.— The investigation of
the charges of perjury In connection with
the -Fair automobile accident was contin
ued*t6-day. The latest testimony appears
to indicate that, Luclen". Mas and- A.. J.
Moranne, who are accused ;of ' perjury - In
connection \ with : the . testimony they' gave
in New York, were actually present at the
scene of the accident '' % .
Testimony Given Indicates That Mas
and Moranne Were at Scene of
Automobile Accident. -»
FAIR ESTATE PERJURY
CASES ARE ON SEARING
BOSTON, . Oct. 27.— Thomas W. Lawson
sent a dispatch to-night to Edward Long,
president of .the 'Miners' Union in Butte,
offering, to ¦ pay the union $250,000 as a
commission for arranging an • arbitration
wltn ; Helnze' to settle the price to be paid
him by [the J Amalgamated Copper .Com
pany, for, all property in Butte with which
.Will Pay Miners' Union $250,000 if
It, Arrange for 'Arbitration.
LAWSON'S MUNIFICENT OFFER.
or right'to it whatever. It is in the na
ture, of a test. case, lnvoUing the whole
broad question' of - the rights of property
of ~ the . Amalgamated Copper Company
and of Its right to exist."
; PORTLAND,'. Oct. :27.— Th# United
States T Grand Jury to-day returned an in
dictment against former United States
Commissioner Miss Marie L.' Ware, Hor
ace-G.McKlnlev arid S.7A. D. Puter.
charging' them with the uttering of forged
signatures in the Southern Oregon land
fraud cases. •• . ¦
¦ The specific . charges are that Miss
Ware, McKinley .and Puter have been
guilty. of forging the-names of fictitious
persons and those of other persons to
homestead' applications and final. proofs,
with the intent in- so doing ' to . defraud
the • Government- ont of . its public lands.
Ah expert : in handwriting . who testified
before the"^ Grand Jury- satd- that MIS3
Ware had \ herself • written the ' signatures
of six fictitious persons to applications for
homestead - land's. ' Other . charges of 'mal
feasance* In 'office: are* laid against Miss
Ware.; who "recently resigned by '< request.
-Horace- McKinley, a Umber land specu
Federal Grand Jury in Portland Acts
~ in Fraud Cases.
WOMAN IS INDICTED.
MISSOULA, Mont.,' Oct., 27.— After, cov
eting himself In the .East with ."honors'. as'
the most remarkable^ ¦'* rifle ' shot In the
world Sergeant "Hawkins, colored,, of; the
Twenty-fourth -. Regiment! stationed : at
Fort Mlssoula, winner of the first prize' In
the recent tournament »at Sea GJrt, has
returned to his home to' find. himself less
of a hero amongHhe officers of hia home
post. • ' ,[' ' V^\ '.'-. ;" • '- '*'¦¦
Hawkins" messmates had prepared for
his homecoming, a reception and a ball
having been arranged at the post quar
ters. When permlssion^was asked of the
officers of the post to carry out this pro
gramme it was refused. ¦ As a result the
members of the garrison have Become
surly, causing a strained relation bej-.
tween commissioned j and non-commis
sioned men. Hawkins has asked- for a"
transfer to the Second Battalion at Fort
Asslniboin. .,'
Refuse to Allow Them to .' Honor
Sergeant Hawkins, the Colored ,
Rifle -Shot.'-;' ;
FORT MISSOULA OFFICERS ':
AROUSE TRE OF SOLDIERS
I ¦ "And „ there will . be others," he' said,
"whenever- similar.' circumstances are dis
covered; In" connection .with* them."
'Hitchcock 'declined, to "say" any more re
garding the reported frauds in connection
with public jlands .th'an that they were
receiving careful atteijtlon and had been
since January ¦ 8 last, when, the Secretary
said 1 ,' 'the S investigation * was' begun.
Hitchcock L said' .that ' 'proceedings had
been- instigated j against Miss' Ware, who
was. Commissioner, .of ' Deeds", and is
¦charged v with having issued certificates In
200 -cases of fraudulent -land entries.
WASHINGT6N 1 ".Oct. .27.— Secretary of
the Hitchcock, [who has been 111
with a cold,, was at his desk to-day for
the, first, time since \ the middle of last
week.' His first act was to order the sus
pension of 'Asia ' B.' Thompson, receiver of
publ{c moneys at : the" 'public land office
In La 'Gratfde,. Or. r who was Indicted yes
terday on a charge of bribery.
Special Dispatch to .The Call.
Lawsori expresses ;: the, belief ¦ that,
through arbitration, the troubles could be
adjusted to the ! satisfaction , of every ono.
"I have very large Interests in Amal
gamated stock and the Butte camp and if
the ; present disastrous « and unreasonable
condition continues I twill probably, like
your : members, * be I ruined. Therefore,- 1
am willing personally Tto pay your asso
ciation a commission of $250,000 for at once
and satisfactorily arranging arbitration as'
above." \ . . . ¦ :
PANAMA, Oct. 27.— No news was re
ceived to-day from the Government forces
In pursuit of the insurgents who. have ap
! peared on the isthmus and who are now
said to have come from Nicaragua. Gov
ernor Obaldia has received a telegraphic
message from Bogota giving orders that
the Nicaraguan invaders be punished se
verely. Cablegrams received here from
Managua, Nicaragua, says that In official
circles there it. Is Indignantly denied that
President Zelaya in any way participated
in the revolutionary invasion of the isth.
mus and that nothing was known of this
Invasion in Nicaragua.
he Is connected. Lawson's dispatch says
in part:
"Mr. Heinze has repeatedly told' me in
negotiations that with undisputed owner
ship to the Nipper he could tie up all of
the principal mines in Butte for a gener
ation. Mr." Heinze will tell you our nego
tiations have always been unsuccessful,
solely because we could- not agree on the
price to be paid him by the Amalgamated
Copper Company. He demands $7,000,000
for allproperty with which he is connect
ed In Butte, and I have offered,h!m'$3,
000,000 for the same. It is believed he will
take .$5,000,000. Therefore, why is it not
the fairest and, quickest .way, to leave the
affair to arbitration of the difference be
tween the offering and the asking price,
$3,000,000 " and $7,000,000? M
Government Forces Are Still in Pur
suit of the Insurgents Who Ap
peared on the Isthmus. .
REVOLUTIONARY INVADERS
TO BE PUNISHED SEVERELY
Little. It Is believed, can result from the
efforts of the mediation committee. Mil
lions of dollars are Involved in the issues
between Heinze .and. the .Amalgamated
Copper Company, and i the j situation Is
such that the courts "of last resort must
settle the conflict. !sy}^>^-i • '
: President Scallon this afternoon Issued
another lengthy .statement: to the < public.
He severely' criticises 'the ' course of
Heinze and John. MacGinnlss and declares
an attempt is being made -to despoil the
i Amalgamated Copper Company of Its in
terests. He says: ¦ -' '.•...-; . £..»;
"The question Involved in the suit of
MacGInniss against the Boston and Mon
tana Company does not relate to the Bos
ton and Montana Company "alone; it is
broader. It is whether the Amalgamated
Company has any right to hold any stock
in these corporations, whether it. has any
right of property in the stock and wheth
er that stock or Its proceeds, is. to go to
the stockholders— to , the rightful owners—
or, indirectly but*effectively.'by its confis
cation ' and . destruction, to become " the
property of. people who have 'no. interest
Tgr->w UTTE. Mont,- Oct. . 27.— There
JS ' jU- was » lull in the Amalga-
J|P"^^Sr mated-Helnze war to-day,
M both factions apparently lying
on their arms awaiting the^
next move of the opposition.-
The next effort to settle the controversy,
it is believed, will be made by a. mediation
committee formed at the suggestion of the
Business Men's j Association of Great
Falls. This committee is composed of
United. States Senators W. A. Clark and
Paris Gibson, James J. Hill of the Great
Northern and Governor J. K. Toole. Con
gressman Dlxon may become a. member,
advices from him 'on the subject not yet
having been received. .The members of
this mediation ? committee . will meet in
about four days. . President William Scal-
Jon of the Anaconda Copper Company, and:
F. Augustus Heinze have signified their
wwlingnesa to meet with the committee
and discuss the settlement of the Issues.
As a result of the decision of Scal'lon to
reject all the terms offered by Heinze
many of the Idle miners are leaving the
city for Wyoming and British Columbia:
Scallon's announcement Is Interpreted to
mean that the shut-down Is of long dura
tion and that no relief. Is 'in sight.
MEDIATION MAY BE - TUTTLB.
Hitchcock's First
/'Move in; Fraud
path' this' afternoon no one knows. He is
in a dangerous condition as the result vpf
.being -.shot three 'times rby the' officers
'who/ came : to' the 1 rescue" of the terrified
| guests. ..,-.. ,<¦--'•'"'.*
' - Attracted *by : the shots, officers hur
ried = to -the ' scene while' Casey was still
firing right and left, Into the rooms at trie
hotel. He paid no attention to their or
ders to' surrender 'and lay down his arms,
-but instead, replied with a volley, of - bul
-lets) one of which struck Constable Nabor
Facheco in the \ head.
When Pactnco fell the other four offi
cers,opened fire on Casey and while try-
Ing to escape by a window he was struck
three times and N fell In a pool of his own
blood. The; physicians who attended him.
pronounced his wounds serious and he
may die.
The doors, windows and walla of one of
the corridors of the 'hotel look- live . a
sieve. Casey's /wife took refuge in the
cellar while the trouble was going on.
Casey, after selling a mine at Turquoise
last^fall. built; the Wijlard Hotel, one of
the I finest structures in Tucson and his
wife* haa charge' of the house. •-¦¦ Several
weeks ago he drove the guests out of ths
hotels and. was, under a peace bond.
.Whether he was crazed with drink or had
lost his mind, when he started on the war-
'TUCSON," Ariz., Oct. 27.— Alexander
Casey, , a' wealthy mine owner, walked
into the Willard' Hotel at Tucson at 5
o'clock this afternoon armed with a rifle
and a six-shooter and began shooting up
the house, driving the guests out of their
room's • through doors and windows and
Into 1 " closets. - »"-"- JJ : • ,
Social Dispatch to The Call^
Warring Montana In
terests May Be
Reconciled.
Battle With Bul
lets in Tueson
'Hostelry.
8ALT LAKE. Utah. Oct. 27.-Frank
McBrid*? was formerly deputy postmaster
In this city and at one time quite promi
nent. He was arrested on the charge of
embezzling Government funds' and sen
tenced to a term in the penitentiary.
Previous to that time he was arrested in
BakT City, Or., on account of some ir
regularity in the Government service.
In an Interview to-night McBride point
ed to the Mrs. McBride who keeps the
b ardlng-house and said:
"This is the only wife I have. I hare
been married 10 her for twenty years.. I
«lon't know anything about the other Mrs.
McBride."
The affair teems with mystery. At Mrs.
McBride's boarding-house reporters were
told that both Mr. and Mrs. McBride., were
out of the city, although it Is known that
McBride lies in the house. The police first
£*sled all knowledge of the c&se and now
refuse to eay whether any arrests will be
made. The District Attorney refuses to
UXk. :v';..-T
It is said that the Mrs. MeBride with the
laughter made a statement to the police
that the affray occurred on the street
at night while McBride was walking home
with her after the theater. This is now
denied by thel&dy In question. She ad
mits havirsr heard stories about another
¦woman sharing her husband's affections,
end wben Questioned as to a bigamy eult
that never reached the courts replied that
McBride might be able to give more
Information en that subject
"I was married to Mr. McBride twelve
years ago and have a daughter aged 10,"
the continued. "We have lived here for
three or four years. 'Sunday afternoon
Mr. McBride went Trtth us to the matinee
and we went home. When he returned
later he was covered with blood. I called
in a doctor and he left the house with
the physician In a cab. That is all I
know."
The wounded man is the srm of Judge
HcBrlde of SDokane. one of. the most
prominent politicians in the State of
"Washington; a nephew of former United
6ta.tes Senator G. W. McBride of Oregon
and a relative of Governor McBride of
"Washington. He is a prominent mining
tnan and is known widely.
PORTI»ANT>, Or., Oct. 27.— "With, a knife
•wound in his throat, believed to have
beea inflicted by one of two women, each
known as h!s wife. Frank M. McBride lies
In a. boarding-house-, conducted by one of
the women. The other woman. lies pros
trated with grief at her residence In an
ether part of the city, and her daughter
Nomah, 10 years of age, says only,
"Somebody cut papa's throat."
EpecUJ Dispatch to The Call.
LAND OFFICE
RECEIVER
IS SUSPENDED
Mystery Veils At
tack on Promi
nent Man.
MINE-OWNER
"SHOOTS UP"
HIS HOTEL
NOTED ATTORNEY ACCUSED
OF EMBEZZLING 1 A: HALF
MILLION DOLliARS.
WOMAN'S IRE
MIT EXPLAIN
A STABBING
The physicians attending James Li. Blair
said to-night that Blair now had an even
chance for recovery. '^ The Investigation
into'the charges 'against Blair. Is' being
pursued by the'.Grand Jury, but no wit
nesses were examined to-day. .'
the finest In the vicinity of St
Louis. Two traps and two. or. three sets
of harness were sold to Wyatt Shallcross
' of* KIrfcwood. "A i handsome , suburban
wagonette was sold to the Parker broth
ers, also of Klrkwood. Both purchases
were removed from Stancoto to Klrkwood
at once. " '"'-•_
Other sales, are' expected soon, as it is
known that Mrs. Blair has .notified, her
friends' In Kirkwood and Webster Grove
that her vehicles and horses are for. sale,
and that she would rather have them pass
into the possession of her friends and ac
quaintances than go to^strangers. .
It Is understood that Mrs. Blair will not
confine her efforts to raise money for the
assistance of her husband To the sale of
horses and vehicles.
It was learned to-day "that. Chief of De
tectives Desmond has been try-Ing for a
month -or more (o locate Carey M. Blair,
younger brother of James L. Blair, and
has not been successful. Carey M. Blair
was last heard from In Arizona, to which
place he returned .after a visit . to St.
Louis at the time of the death of an
other brother, William A. Blair,. who died
in the summer of 189S.. Chief Desmond
was asked to-day if he had been able to
find further trace of Carey. . ~ : • '.
"I would rather, not^discuss that 'mat
ter at all at this time," he replied; • .. I
There Is no recorSthat Carey M." Blair
was ever connected .with. James L.. Blair ¦
In his office. William Blair , was In his
brother's office for about. six months after
his graduation. from 'the' St.'' Louis Law
School in 1S96. "' - -•¦
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 27.— Mrs. James
Lawrence -Blair began this
morning the sacrifice of the
magnificent hordes and traps
which made the Blair stables
Special Dispatch to The Call
Mrs. Blair Disposing
of Her Famous
Stables.
BERLIN, Oct. 27.— According to the
Hamburg Nachrichten, the steamer Bata
via, the largest freighter of the Ham
burg-American line, will go to England,
where she will load 10,000 tons of coal and
proceed to East Asia. The coal Is for the
use of the Russian Government.
Following the announcement made here
yesterday that the Korean Government
had protested against the Russian fortifi
cation of Yongampho, on the Yalu River,
official advices received at Toklo tend to
confirm the report that the Russians have
fortified that place. This may lead to im
portant developments, as the fortifications
of Yongampho would be an Infringement
on Korean integrity.
Floods in the north of Manchuria have
temporarily Interrupted travel by rail
road and wagon road and the How of
Russian troops '.and -..-munitions ;of_^wair
southward * haa •" been " arrested. ; * "This •>, cir
cumstance has served to show how large
and constant Is that stream, for the Rus
sians are "now taxed to the utmost to pro
vide for the wants of their soldiers.
Japanese agents In Manchuria have re
ported fully what is going on and the re
sult Is that Toklo is disturbed by gloomy
forebodings. •
YOKOHAMA. Oct. 27. — Mysterious
movements of .Russians In Korea contin
ue to be "reported. A detachment of 200
Russian troops in said to have crossed the
river Tumf Into Korea and another con
tingent of forty Russians appeared at
Wiju on Friday last and subsequently re
tired.
From an unimpeachable source con
nected with the Imperial household It Is
learned that the Emperor, in whose hands
rests the final decision for peace ; or ' war,
considers the acts of Russia as so flag
rantly hostile as tjo deprive the situation
of almost every hope of peace. Russia la
dally speaking soothing words to Japan,
but her course, both In Europe and in
Asia, glaringly reveals the hollowness of
her statements.
TOKIO, Oct. 27.— Pacific official assur
ances with regard to the Russo-Japanese
situation should be accepted as purely
diplomatic. No compromise has yet been
reached.' Nothing has occurred to dimin
ish the prospect for an early conflict.
Marquis Ito's attempt to find a. peaceful
way out of theembroglio has utterly failed.
A majority of his colleagues have decided
that the plan suggested would merely give
Russia the time she so urgently needs
to augment her military and naval
strength In the region of prospective hos
tilities.
Special SHspatch to The Call,
Mikado Gives Up Hope of
Averting Clash With
the Czar.
Reported Compromise
Does Not Stay War
Movements.
Russia's Sincerity
Is Doubted in
J 8/03/11.
GAINS TIME
WITH PEACE
OVERTURES
.Alcazar — "Under the K«d Kobe."
California — >r Budolpn and Ad
olpn."
. Central— "Uacls Tom's Cabin."
Colombia — "Soldiers of Tot
ttme."
Fischer's — "The Paraders."
1 Orand— "Spotless Town."
Orpnenm — Vauleville.
Tie Cnutts— Vaudeville.
Tivoli — Grand Opera.
PRICS FIVE GENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 28, 1903.
<• THE WBATHBBjT i"
<^ rcrccast made . -at 'San Pxaa
clScw^-tcr^tMrty' hour* * eadlns:
mi^lnifflit, October 28. 1903:
Saa Francitco uxd vicinity—
Cloudy unsettled weather Wed
neiday, poKslbly llg-ht rain; llg-ht
scathcast triads, changins' to
fresa southwesterly.
A. O. McADIE,
District P or ec aiter.
The San Francisco Call.DAYTON. Ohio. Oct. 27. — Henry Kissinger
of Dayton, ex- Stale commander of the G. A.
II. of Iowa, was thrown from hia -hone and
Killed during a Grand Army parade to-day.
ROME, 'Oct. 27.— France to-day coni
pleted the purchase of the" famous and.
historic Farnese palace, which will be used
as an embassy. The cost was $300,000, 'and
this sum was paid to the heirs oi the two
Sicilies branch of the house. pf Bourbon.
In view of the value'of the property this
price is thought to be very low. ¦'.-';.,
The Farnese palace is one of the finest in
the world. It was begun by Pope Paul III
from designs by Sangallo, and Its con
struction was continued under the direc
tion of Michael Angelo. It was at „ one
time offered for sale to the United States
Government for use as an embassy and
consulate as well as an American archae
ological school and an American school
for classical studies.
HISTOBIC FABNESB PALACE
IS PURCHASED BY. FRANCE
Building Is One of the Finest in the
World and Will Be Used as an ' '
Embassy. . ;-
fSAN BERNARDINO. Oct. 2T.— Information
Trom Manvel in regard to the differences be
tw«*en <J<-org-e Simmons and William Miller,
• mhlch Jed to the ehootln* of the former ua
days nxn, is to the effect that It Involved
water rights which Miller recentlr "old to the
Iiocky hj.rinp* Cattle Company of The Needle*
A number of questions were asked re
garding Dresser's connection with the
United States Shipbuilding Company and
the Trust Company of the Republic, and
Dresser said his failure was due, to. the
loss of $550,000 in the stocx of the trust
company. His interest in tne ship build
ing deal was only In connection with the
trust company. He said that in Novem
ber he had received about $500,000 each
of the common and preferred stock of the
ship building company, which he had
sold at once for $100,000 and put the money
Into his business, his credit being cur
tailed on account of the fall In the trust
company's stock from $37p to nothing.
I have etatrd positively and clearly to every
body with whom I have had dmlhigs within
the last few years that -my sisters. Mr*. Gears-
W. Vanderbllt and Mr». J. Nicholas Brown,
had nothine whatever to do with my buslnec*
and thati*hey never would have. I never nald
they would back me Jn any of these undertak
ings.
Dresser told of the overtures to him to
became president of the' realty company,
because, he was told, his name would
lend strength to the company, -and of the
proposition to deposit $800,000. in securities
to extricate him from his financial--diffi
culties.. Regarding: . these he had
told the promoters that he'would have to'
consult the receivers of his business and
his creditors. After the delivery of the
securities to Youngman, Dresser said,
Youngman told him he was satisfied with
the certification of $700,000 of the securities
and that the rest . was undoubtedly all
right. Afterward M. C. Quimby, chief
promoter of the company, gave him a Il3t
of the stocks, known to be incorrect.'
Referring to the report that tho names
of his . sisters had been used to aid' the
credit of the realty company. Dresser
eald: '¦>''}¦' ¦ - •
NEW TORK, Oct. 27.-The hfarine In
the. bankruptcy proceedings of the firm
of presser & Co.,. of which Daniel Leroy
Dresser. \ formerly connected with the
United States Shipbuilding:- concern, was
president, was resumed, to-day before
Referee Stanley W. Dex*er. At ; former
hearings four witnesses testified that they
had certified 'blindly that the securities
deposited for the benefit of the creditors
by promoters of a Staten Island realty
company who wished Dresser to be presi
dent were worth $850,000, whereas at the
time of deposit they knew nothing of the
value of the stocks and bonds, which were
delivered in a closed package to C. W.
Youngman, president of the Corporation
Finance Company.
Denies That He Used
Sisters' Names to
Aid Credit.
DRESSER TELLS
OF HIS LOSSES
COLUMBUS, Ohio. Oct. 27.— Postofflce
Inspector Georpe V. Cralghead of Cincin
nati has caused a warrant to be issued
for the arrest of Mrs. Samuel Bosswell
of this city on a charge of using the mails
to pcrpotrate blackmail, among her vic
tims being Senator Hanna and Z. L.
¦\Vhite, a prominent dry goods merchant
of this city.
Several months apo Senator Hanna re
ceived a letter signed "Mrs. Anna Linn,','
posted at Columbus, demanding $5(X) as
the«price of her silence. She threatened
to give certain facts she claimed to know
to the newspapers. A decoy registered
letter secured her street number and offi
cers went to Mrs. Bcsswell's residence'.
When her visitors told her they . were
postal officials she collapsed. 6he ad
mitted that she knew nothing against
either Senator Hanna or White, but ex r
pected that they would be frightened into
compliance with her request.
¦ Mrs. Bosswell Is 60 years old and is the
mother of seven children.
Sends a Thrilling Letter to Senator
Har.na and Another to a Co
lumbus Merchant. j
W02GAN USES THE MAILS
IN ATTEMPT TO BLACKMAIL
A mean man often has a powerful In
fluence over a good woman.
BAKERSFIELD, Oct. 27.— W. P. Cun
ningham was bound over to the Superior
Court this evening by Justice Millard on
the charge of grand larceny made by the
Valley View Oil Company, from which he
is alleged to have stolen $1000 worth of oil
drilling machinery. Including an engine.
casing and belting, which was hauled by
night to Sunset and there set up on the
property of the company of which he was
the general manager. Bail was fixed at
$5000, the same as before the hearing, and
It was immediately given.
Cunningham Must Stand Trial.
Hovagen Maroukin, /assistant editor of
the Young Armenia; Bald that : with '. the
separation of the' party came theKdls
closure by the "old party" representatives'
that $20,000 previously collecte'd for use" in :
freeing Armenia had dlsappea'red. As"- the
organ of the old party, Young Armenia
began calling for an explanation ; of ; the
disappearance of the money, failing tcMre^
ceive which it considered the claims
established that the funds had been-di
verted from the purpose' for which they
were "collected. This claim, Maronkln
says, angered the "new" .faction and! its
adherents .displayed a most bitter.^feel
ing against the old party. - members, - the
outcome of which was the,' attempted
assassination of Kuregian last summer'.
The hat left by Sagouni's assassin is a
black derby, with the name of the' ven
oors stamped inside, showing U to have
been sold In Lowell, Mass. The murder
er's pistol .Is an automatic magazine, ' ten
6hot weapon. The police have informed
the presa that two men were with the
assassin at the time of the shooting and
that they appeared almost to force the
latter to fire. ¦
CONDUCT BITTER VENDETTA.:
BOSTON, Oct. ' 27-^The murder. . of Sa
gouni 'is not regarded as being of great
political significance by Armenians in this
city, but rather as'a result of a - bitter
feeling which exists between two' factions
within the" revolutionary ' party itself.' 16
support of this it was cited thej recent
attempt to assassinate an Armenian'edi
tor, Peter Kureglan, in- this city by mem
bers of the revolutionary party, said, to
hold Socialistic views, which Kuregflan
opposed. : At the trial an. officer .of i the
party testified that the. members of .the
Socialist wing had taker! oath to remove
"all obstructions" in ;- spreading' their
views. ?f;Hi •¦•¦ ¦¦¦!.• ¦¦•' ¦- . ¦••. :
It is stated that Sagouni's life had
been threatened on account of his partici
pation in the exposure, by the editor of a
Boston newspaper, Young Armenia, pf
the misappropriation of funds by a fac
tion of the Armenian revolutionists.
These men arfe alleged td have ¦ collected
$20,090 In America in 1902 and to have put
the money in their ow.n pockets instead of
pushing the propaganda for the emancipa
tion of the Armenians, for which the
money was subscribed: ¦ •" ¦••¦-- •• i
A convention of the Armenian passivists
has been in* session here and it is sug
gested the opportunity was chosen by the
violent faction as favorable for disposing
of the principal leader.
Sagouni's frlendfi attribute the murder
to the Alfarlst section of the Hentchakist
Society. This section, headed by a man
named Alfar, was expelled from the so
ciety after the split in 1895, when. It is
alleged, the Alfarists were paid spies of
the Sultan of Turkey.
The feud became more acute and an at
tack on the editor of the Boston edition
of the Hentchak followed. A former edi
tor of the Hentchak, Nazarbeck, was
stabbed last week at Lausanne,- Switzer
land, by Alfarists.
Sagounl' returned, to London yesterday
after, settling. 'the affairs of. an associate
In Switzerland, who was recently'assas
sinated, aYid was entering 'his residence
when a man rushed across the road and
fired four shots at him in quick succes
sion, the iaet. bullet entering the region
of the'heart. The murderer,' who ap
peared to be a foreigner, fled. The only
.clews to. the man In. possession 1 of the au
thorities are a felthat and a silver-plated
revolver, b^oth made' in America, 'which
he dropped in his flight. ¦* ' •
ATTRIBUTE CROIE' TO EIVALSi
The Macedonian committee attempted
to co-operate with the Armenian commit
tee in an anti-Turkish revolution in 1S95,
but subsequently .withdrew because of the
Jnterecine strife of the Armenians.
The murder presumably was committed
by a fellow Armenian recently from .the
United States. The assassination had a
political motive and was characterized by
a. boldness to which London ha3 seldom
been treated. It- created an unusual sen
sation here, since it .appears to have been
only an incident in a long and bitter ven
detta between two factions of Armenian
revolutionists. The attempted murder of
Kuregan. in Boston, the recent killing in
Switzerland and the assassination of the
most prominent Armenian in London are
so far achievements credited to the Ar
menian Radicals here. It is said that
.two: members of the opposition party
have- already been killed In Russia,
though the- London Armenian revolution
ary committee denies both knowledge of
and responsibility for the crime.
It is generally expected that Sagounl's
death is only the prelude to other chap
ters In the story of -a bitter feud. The
murderer, who has not yet been appre
hended, left in the hands of the police
two clews— a soft felt hat bearing the
name of an American clothing firm and
an automatic pistol *of a recent American
make. Members pf the Armenian com
mittee here express themselves as certain
that the murder is the work of an Alfa
rist, member of the Radical minority. The
police are following up all clews suggest
ed by Sagouni's associates. What may
be a. possible coincidence is suggested by
the fact that the Alfarlst headquarters in
London were recently closed, the mem
bers scattering to Egypt, Smyrna and the
United States. ' ' >
LONDON. Oct. 27.— Sagatel Sagounl,
president of the Armenian Revolutionary
Society, was murdered at' the doorstep of
his lodgings in Nunetiead, an unpreten
tious little suburb of London, late yester
day evening". "
Murderer Tracks Victim to His
Dwelling in an Obscure Suburb
• of London and Fires Bul
let Into His Heart.
Crime Is 'Attributed to Feud
• Existing Between Two
Rival Factions.
PORTLAND, Or.. Oct. 27.— District At
torney John Hail has wired the District
Attorney at San Francisco to try to find
out upon the arrival of the steamer Alli
ance at that port which member of the
crew attacked Mrs. A. H. Ames, who took
passage on the last voyage of the Alli
ance from San Francisco to Portland.
The complaint to the District Attorney
here came In the form of letter from
Mr. Ames of Marshfield, Or., the husband
of the woman. According to his state
ment, his wife was returning from a vis-
It tp San Franci3co and on the first night
out rang for a glass of water. It is al
leged that the attendant who answered
the bell brought her a drugged drink of
water. She cried for help, but owing to
her condition could make no loud noise.
The next day she told the steward and
asked to see the captain. This request
was denied, so the letter said, and sho
remained ill In bed until the boat arrived
here. "When she reached home she In
formed her husband of the affair and he
immediately communicated with the Dis
trict attorney. The latter was preparing
to have a John Doe warrant issued when
he learned that the Alliance had sailed
again for San Francisco. He then tele
graphed, asking that the guilty man be
arrested If he could be found. The pen
alty for the offense was formerly death.
but the present law leaves It to the dis
cretion of the jury.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
District Attorneys in Two
Cities Busy With the
. • Case.
President of Armenian
Revolutionists Is
Assassinated.
Serious Charge Made
Against One of Al
liance's Crew.
SANTA ROSA, Oct. 27.— II. A. Richard
son,- a prominent capitalist of Western
Sonoma County, Is to. be arrested on a
charge of. misdemeanor. The complaint
Is sworn to by Chairman Frank B. Glynn
of the Board of Supervisors.
The " county recently * constructed a
bridge -across the south fork of the Gua
lala River, between Skaggs Springs and
Stewarts Point, and after Its completion
Richardson" claimed the structure was
built on his land and asserted ownership
to the same. He established a, tempor
ary barricade of brush and timber to
prevent use of the structure by the pub
lic, and when this was removed by Road
master Peterson he placed a logchain at
the entrance and padlocked It. The bridge
has been 3=aid for from the county gen
eral fund, but owing to Richardson's ac
tion It has not been used. The case will
be heard,: by. Justice Provines of Healds
burg.
Obstruction of a Road in Sonoma
"- County Stirs the Super
visors.
COUNTY WILL HAVE
A CAPITALIST ARRESTED
The parents were notified of the acci
dent by the, superintendent and'-Identlfled
the body last night.
The! injured man was removed to the
Central Emergency Hospital, where he
died without regaining consciousness'. •.-
Hares was a native of West Virginia
and 25. years' of age. He leaves 'a mother,
father and two brothers living at*Morgan
Hill. ••.-.....
There are stringent ' rules made by the
officials that employes. shall keep out of
the freight elevator, but yesterday aa
Hares was sending up an unusually large
load of wood it was necessary for him
to go up in .the elevator to hold the wood
In place.
Hares had attained 1 a height of only
fifteen, feet when the top of the load com
menced to slide from under him and,
threatened to. jam between the elevator
and the top sills of the doors on either
side, i whlch are always open.. 4
There were no witnesses of the accident,
but the general supposition is that in try
ing to control the sliding load the' man
slipped and f shot through the open door
way-just in time to be caught between
the dotirslll arid the elevator. ¦ ¦ ,
When It. was discovered that the acci
dent had taken place Hares was hanging
by his neck; with his body inside the well.
He had clutched the rope barely In Ulme
to prevent the elevator" from severing his
head from his body.
REGINALD C. HARES, a young
•workman in the Mint, was fatal-
Jy injured yesterday while riding
.in the freight elevator of the
building and died soon af terward.
SHOT DOWN
AT DOORWAY
OF HIS HOME
WOMAN ACCUSES
SHIP EMPLOYE
YOUNG MAN EMPLOYED AT U. S. MINT
MEETS DEATH IN A FREIGHT ELEVATOR
Surgeons Vainly Try to Save the Life of Working
man Who Dies Without Gaining Consciousness
From Effects of Injuries Received Yesterday
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 28, 1903.
MINT EMPLOYE WHO WAS FATALLY CRUSHED BY BEING CAUGHT
IN THE DOORWAY OP THE ELEVATOR SHAFT WHILE AT WORK
YESTERDAY AFTERNOON.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Tak* Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All
druggist* refund' the money if It fall* to cure.
E. W. Grove's signature U on each box. 23c •
2
GRAPE-NUTS.
::.. .- JL \J : g^L? It v7o VlJLLo ,
-•r" ¦':¦ ¦';'-¦':. \. : ' /;.'.. \.r- ¦'¦ ¦.'¦¦'¦¦¦ : you must - ; W&
' ilfi i?|i|i lilllll II .TEED-it. ¦ :-;;¦ .¦
The average man pays some little attention to food that builds muscle
but NEVER GIVES HIS THINKER A THOUGHT, .
Because he has yet to learn that Brain- wastes away daily (exactly like
muscle) and must be rebuilt daily by food,selected for that purpose —
The only wsy
Else Brain Fag and Nervous Prostration sets in
The things in food that make Brain and Nerve matter are Albumen. and
Phosphate. of. Potash and are found in such perfect proportion in
-- food will show in renewed
I'^^feS^goipaiM energy in the brain-clearer thinking powers-better, memory-
ideas. These are the reasons why
t v \ You Can Do Thing's Dn
;;TheVchance to giye Grape-Nuts a fair trial is denied to none for the
weakest 'stomach can handle this food without trouble or effort. It is
- toothsome and delicious and is fully cooked at factory so it is ready for
j immediate service with rich, cream or in a great variety of dishes
recipe book in each package. See also the little book in
each package, "The Road to Wellville."
.,. ¦,..,... 1 Jn©r^ s s IxC&soni
:.':/. DE. KELMEB'S SWAMP-BOOT,
tiisSsH" iiy ;
TROUBLE AID DON'T KNOW IT
I: I ] IV^;^7niiTTnirni^|#^^ l!j VT i *?b
¦•;;ii Hi! liiH •? I ' ; . - : >t — ; ;: !> — ¦! I / if —
To Prove what Swamp-Root, the Great Kidney Remedy,
Will Do for YOU, Every Reader of " The; Call" May
Have a Sample Bottle Sent Free by Mail. ; ..\
Weak and unhealthy kidneys arc responsible .for '.mops sick-
ness and suffering than any other disease — therefore, when,
through neglect or other causes, kidney trouble is permitted to
continue, fatal results are sure to follow. \
Your other organs may need attention — bat your kidn=ya
most, because they co most and need attention first.
If you arc 6ick or *'fecl badly,*' begin taking ' Dr. . Kilmer's
Swamp-Root, the great kidney, liver and bladder remedy, be-
cause as soon as your kidneys are well they will help all ths
other organs to health. A trial will convince any one.
The mild and immediate effect of Dr. test its virtues' for such disorders as kld-
Kliiner'B Swamp-Root, the great kidney ney, bladder and uric add diseases, poor
er.d bladder remedy, la soon realized. It digestion, when obliged Jo pass your
Hands the highest for Its wonderful cures water frequently night and day. smarting
('. the most distressing cases. Swamp- or Irritation In passing, brickdust or sedi-
Root wlil set your whole system right, raent In the urine, headache, backache,
tec the best proof of this Is a trial. lame back, dizziness, sleeplessness, ner-
vousness, heart disturbance due to bad
14 East 120th St.. New Tork City, kidney trouble, skin eruptions from bad
• Oct. IS, 1902. blood, neuralgia, rheumatism, diabetes.
Dear Sir: "I had been euSerlng severely from bloating, Irritability, wornout feeling. • lac*
kieaej trouble. All tymptoms wrre on haad; of ambition, loss of flesh, sallow complex-
tr.y former strength ar.d power had left ra«; I Ion or Blight's dtserfse.
cculd fcar<3:y drm« myreif alone. Even my If your water when allowed to remain
tner.tal capacity wu civin* out. and cfteo I undlBturbed in a glass or bottle for twen-
r is ted to air. It wu ihm I saw an advert!?*- ty-Iour boors forms a sediment or set*
mrat cf your* in a New Tork paprr, but would t fj ne or na s a cloudy appearance It Is evi-
rot bav» paid any attention u. it. had :t not dence that your kidneys and bladder need
promlted a sworn guarantee with every bottU immediate attention,
ef your medicine, a«*erttng that your Swamp. Kw«tm»-Root Is the treat dlaeoverv of
l a^ U fu e i Jy dr^ Ub I^nf^rn\/°rVa C^ l an5 i£?K^l^\*£^ln^FZu&
r^r^iVofd^nd wi^aToS^coC^n^l der specialls'u Hospital. , «e It with won-
c*n ncomaieDd Bwamp-Root to all eu3er«rs derful success in both "light and sever*
frcm kidney trouble*. Four member* of my cases. Doctors recommend it. to their pa-
family fckv. been uclnr Swamp- Root for fo«r tlents and use It In their own zamnlea.
£if>rent kidney diseases, with th« sam* rood because they recognize In Swamp-Hoot
results." ' f the greatest and most successful remedy.
Wlta inaay thanks to yon. I remaia,'. - Swamp-Root i». pleasant to take and Is
Very truly yours. for sale the world over at druggists' In
ROBERT BERXXR. bottles of two sizes and two prices— 3d
cents and $1. Remember the nam*.
Ton may have a sample bottle of this Swamp-Root. Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root,
famous kidney remedy, -Swamp-Root, sent and the address, Blnghamton. N. Y.. on
frte fcy mall, pcEtpaid. by which you may every bottle.
EDITORIAL NOTICE-If you have the- slightest symptoms of kidney or
b'adder trouble, or If there Is a trace of It in your family history, send at once to
Dr. Kilmer & Co.. Bir.gnamton. N. Y.. who will gladly send you by mail. lmme~
diateJy, without cost to you, a sample bottle of Swamp-Root and a book contain-
:r.p many of the thousands upon thousa nd- of testimonial letters received from
n«n and sown cured. In writlnK be • urc to tay that you read this generous
offer In the San Francisco Daily Call. .
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Water Colors
] CoKection cf Mr. Hector Allict con-
sisting ct-cv*r. Two Hundred fine oil
paintings and water colors ,by hading
local, eastern and foreign artists.
TO BE SOLD AT
AUCTION
To-Day
At 2:30 p. m., and on the three for-
j low in; days at the S2m: hour.
Art Sales Galleries
I 230 Post St
I A. W. LOUDERBACK,
v Art Auctioneer.
FlT*PATEMTsf ~j
Mr\RKET Sr! SI^SSS^DENVER, Oct. S.— Hubert 8. Howe,
the 15-year-cld sen cf Professor Herbert
A. Howe. Instructor ta astronomy at
Denver University, has discovered at the
tipper edre cf the sun's disc a new grocp
cf esn spots as great fa magnitude and
Importance as the group which was dls- \
covered by the scientists of the Wash- [
tngton Observatory two weeks ayx The [
boy made his cbservstlons with a six- 1
Inch telescope la the observatory at Unl- j
Tersity Park ta tt!« dtr. J
Son cf aa Instructor in Astronomy
at Dearer University Is & Eiva!
of the Scientists.
£WW GEOTJP OF SXTH" SPOTS f
IS DISCOVERED BY A BOy!
Tcffi were sent to the assistance c! the
vessel this inonilnc bet they were hard
ly needed, as she floated with apparent
ease. The Centennial ts now at the Arl
ington deck preparing for her departure
for San Francisco.
SEATTLE. Oct. tT.— Tte steaztship
Cestec^fal. oa tte Seattle-Saa Francisco
ran, which west ashore abest two nules
below AIki Pcfcit- yesterday morales, »aa
•nece^sfcHy £oated tfcis morning. Tbe
vessel west os the beach duriag a dense
log. She was at co time is. any danger
and when assistance was offered yester
day arternccn the capta'- refused It, stat
big that he would £et off this morning at
hlyh tide.
Vessel That Struck the Beach Xsar
Seattle Escapes Seriotu
Injtiry.
FLOATS AT HIGH TIDE
K~.-yT.rv. Oct. ZZ. — Tt« ««=t«ice c< six
T*iTs' r*=il *<rr-:tu;-; i=^:e^i tj" * e-2'irtrr:ar
lUl ssca U«utena=i R=«g-r ia March. l»l.
fcr tSc«:<:r:r it Ltrcteaa-t Air=s wtti a n-tir
t3 preT»cUie- & iae! £*«»¦#*= fci* trctier asj
Ii»=i icd tt« i:«gte*-»-r wlli toe r»:«a*Mi.
In IiC3 he was married to Hiss Frances
H. Divtne, daughter of Judge Davts Di
vine of San Jose, who, with their eldest
daughter, llrs. Charies J. Deertng cf this
city, survives him.
Estee was the author cf rsxzzy legal pro
ductions, of great merit, among which
may ce mentioned his work on pleadings.
which Is rectMrnized as a standard and
used throughout the United States. He
was a member of tfce Masonic and Odd
Fellow orders, fn both of which he at
tained h!«rh honors.
sonat and pclitfcat friends and reflected
much credit on the discrimination cf the
appointing cower. Ills coura* on tfce
r.ewiy mad^ b?=ch was always such as
ta command tie respect cf the bar and
the peouie.
tica dasse ta-mcrrcw. and. this. It ts be-
Kered. wCl stop all tenderary to a coa
tlnuat'ca of rura.
FRESNO. Oct. z:.— The failure cf the
water supply this morning caused the less
of about £t£O worth cf residence property,
furniture and seise money on O street,
between Merced asd Tuolumne streets.
Three iiouses were b&rsed. two of th -m
to the foundations and the third so badly
that it 13 almost a wreck. Besides the
damage to property there were MTeral of
th* occupants who had close calls for
their lives. '
"Water Snpply Fall* In Fresns
Daring a Fire in Res: d ere;
District.
OCCTJPASTS SCAlffPEB
FEOM BUBJJLNG HOHES
DISTLVGOSaED FEDERAL
JUDGE TVHO DIED TESTER
DAT AT HONOLULU.
Strcng efforts are being made to Induce V
the President to withhold Bristow'a re- }
port, cr so mucii cf tt as relates to the '
former administration. The President baa \
not given any Indication that be wta l f
listen to these re<rcests. tut seems tz-\
clin?d to cake tfce public acquainted with ¦
the whoJe situation fa the PzszoZL :* De- •
partment. letting Mghtning strike where It I
wHL
In June. 1300. Estee was ar>pcinted by
President McKinley as United States Dis
trict Judge fcr Hawaii, an appointment
which gave great satisfaction to fcia per-
Morris IT. Este* was hern In the town
ship of Freehold. VTarren County. Penn
sylvania, in L3L He worked his way
through coileg* and eanse to California
via Panama, in IS22. The Crst three years
cf his Ufe in this S^ate were spent m the
mining districts cf Arnadcr and El I>>
rado counties, bu: In 1221 he b*gan th*
study cf law under the late Judge T. M
Pawilns. after which he removed to £a-
rarni'Snto azid was admitted to practice
by th-e Suprem-e Court In 1SS&.
Frcm the first his abilities attracted at
tention and he soca had a large and
profitable clientele. He represented the
city cf Sacramento in tfce General Assem
bly cf liS2-« and vu sutw;uently elect
ed District Attorney, in which office he
served two years.
In IiS5 he removed to San Francisco and
was associated with ex-Judge E. H. Hea
cock fcr a time, then he formed the Law
partnership of E3tee & McLaurin. which
ccntinued BOta the death of McLaurin in
Iin, wfcen Estee became associated in aa
orher firm with Judge J. H. Bcait. On
the dissolution cf that firm in IS33 fc« as
sociated himself with Ramon E. Wilson
In a Cra. which later as Este*. WHsoa £c
ilcCutchen b*>caE* one of the b<*st
known in the State and enjoyed a largi
and remunerative practice-
In Is.* Eszee was unanimously Indorsed
by his party friends for United States
Senator, fcet as it was in the minority
in the feiftrtatBpe h* was beaten. In the
fame year he wss chosen as Presidential
Elector and ca^t his vote for Hares. In
1S5S he was elected chairman of tfce Re
publican National Convention, which
nominated Harriscn for President. He
was a member of the Constitutional Con
vention cf 1ST?, and fa I3S> was one of
tie committee cf fifteen to prepare a
ciarter for San Francisco.
Estee was twice the candidate cf the
Republican r«rty foq Governor of Cali
fornia, but by untoward circumstances
was each time defeated. In lsS> he was
appointed by President Harrison as dele
gate to the Pan-American Congress,
which met at Washington In October cf
that year, and by fcia thorough under
standing of th- relations that ehculd ex
ist between the participating countries
and his persuasive manner cf speech he
did much to further tfce ends of that
gathering.
lLa.se uic funeral services win be held
ta-morrcw mcmlng over the body cf t£»
dead iurist. All the courts In the city
wCl be clo«*d and the officers will attend
the furreraL The National Guard will act
as aa escort. After the services the body
¦"111 be conveyed to the s easier Alameda.
which will sail at noon fcr Sin Francisco.
Th* remains win *>» accompanied by Urs.
Estee and Hiss Ryan, secretary of tfce
late Judge. The Federal Coust over
which Judge Estee presided has at pr»s
«n: a hea\-y criminal calendar.
H3NOLUIX; Oct. 37. United
?:a:es District Judge M. JL Es
'.ee died here this mcrring cf
irostra.:ion following an operation
Jerformed two days ago fcr kid
ney trouble.
WASHINGTON, Oct. r:.— Th- a=s«Tn:ce- i
merit by Postmaster General Payne yes- i
terday tbet the New Tork postofice was
to be tirestl^ated Is tte foremnner of j
sfsiQar announcemeats anTecrtns San ;
Francisco. Chicago. P*enadet?hia , and
ether large cities. It la ksown that la
San Frandsco a deplorable condition i
exist3. accordisr to a statement made this '>
inornln? by an Assistant Postmaster ¦
GenerstL He said that on direct «rders
froca tfce President practically all cf the .
Crst-«!ass oSces would be given an over- |
hading fcr the good cf the serrfce. The I
handling of rr?M bags and general sur>- i
plies, railway mall contracts, the rental •
of stations and sub-^tatlccs and other
matters are to be inrestisated.
This announcement ts of importance, as
showing claarly that the admfnlstratics |
has given cp hope cf disposing cf the }
postal scandals prlcr to the opening cf t
Cossress. With the discoveries cZ frauds j
In th* Govemaest land serrtce. the In- |
dlao Territory scandal and th« discovery I
cf still more crookedness In the Post- \
efSce Department. It ts apparent that .
there will be cor* lsvesti^iJing d-irfc? !
the next session of Congress than forj
many years. Many- Republicans cf tnSa- •
e=ce are uryin?- the President to consent [
to a general Investigatlcn of the Post- ',
of2ce Department by a Congressional j
committee In ccder to forestall the Demo- j
crats. i
Sc<cta! rti;«:ri t» Ti- CiTL
Th* f.^:cwi=s Pullman car* w^re b^adly
<Jaj=s^S-ed and ar» aH o3 tie- trick: Aus
tria. AUinde. Rockford a=d K=ol«L
The ensine asd cars of the work train
are so cadlv wrecked that It will take
the wrecker all ni^ht and tomorrow
mcrrinc to c!»ar th* track. Ei:ra ea-
Sines were- sent frcm "Wadsworth. but
win not g-er to th» wreck before to-mor
rtrw memirg-. Tte pass^cs-^rs cf the
wrecked train «? have zo stay at the
wr»£k tQ momiz^. r>;rf5rs -*er» sent
frcm 'Winnemucca and Cariin and work
tralr^ frcm Wafinrozta asc Cari!a.
Conductor Ca!c*n and Ec^inrer Hanp
toa . ere in charrs cf the pa»s«»ns»r
tralr. W. K. Scatty of 1=3 CfaJon street.
Oakland, was on th» zt2.It.. but beyond a
it. I>. CXsbb. iCidw-y. Kj-., new slic=tiy
cut: lira. A. C. Tuttie-. Nau^atuck. Cocn..
left am badly cut arrd bruised.
Those en the wcrk train who were htart
are: T. Hay, fireman, arm and hip hurt;
E. L. Sheldon, foreman cf the nr?. knee.
am and foot cut and br-irrsed. no bones
broken: A. PTan^'err. liicrer. ch^?st and
arm badiy cut and bruise-i. no bones
broken.
Ti-er- s»*n:s ta h^.ve +&~~ some mis
understaniinj of criers, as the work train
was en the main track gol^g at full s?e*<i
when the collision occurred. Engine No.
I4U and the ls.gZ3.gt car cf No. 5 are
both ly.-g o~ tii^tr sides in the ditch-
Both ec^lneers and ese £ reman escaped
by l-zrs^tnp, but tie tim«i?e-*r of the
fans -:n tha work train wa* killed and is
buried under the wrecka?* with :hree cr
pc«siV,y ive Japan's.?, who are also sup
rcsec to have be«n kiIIe>L FoL!o*i2? are
the r-i=*« cf those c-2. the pa*5«-e*r train
who were frJurwJ:
VTIN>TE3irCCA. N«t.. Oct. 27. -A dls
astrc-cs tra^: wreck occurred about 7:30
oc:cc3c ti3-niaht two miles below Palisade
and probably half a desea lives were lost.
The second section of east-bound pas
secrer train No. t which left San Fran
cisco yesterday at i p. a., collided with a
work train carr/lr;^ laborers to their oct
£t cars for rh* nirht.
Spedal KisaiA to TSe r*rr
At the Hi3s->uri Tn»t Company a num
ber of depositors had collected to demand
payment, but the crowd seoa thinned out
and. before 3 o'clock the Incipient panic
had ceased. Presidents ef the different
national basks assembled durtns the aft
trsaoa and Issued a statement that the
benks cf St. Louis were perfectly selves:
and amply able to lic^idate all demands.
All of the tanks closed at 3 o'clock, the
usual ciostns hocr. and rav* out word
that they would open to-sscrrow momlcc
at the csnal hocsr. 19 o'clock, and would
meet ail &«ma.n£s made.
The df rectors cf the different trust com
panies at meetings to-ni^ht £edd*S. to
enforce Us* thirty and stxty day nctlfica-
As soon as the run started aH other
fcustarss was laid aside and every facility
was afforded for the prompt payment cf
deposits. The clause which tfves the
bank the p;iTfIege cf withholding pay
ment until sixty days after notiScation
was warred, asd azsotmts were p ii.i rap
idJy. regardless of their size. There was
no disorder at any of the institutions and
In rcany cases depositors wto had hur
ried to withdraw amounts departed with
out their tncaey, after harlny conversed
a few minutes with the officials and been
a3sur*<i that the bask wo~!d continue to
do btislness.
ST. LOCIS, Oct. IT.-Frca shortly be
fore 1 o'clock to-day cam th« cicala*
fcotxr. 3 o'clock, mas were cade ca the
sanies departraests of three baalu ta
St. Loots, and at tie bum time zaore than
tie ordinary aaaount of withdrawals by
sarlnrs depositors were cotlceabfe fa the
other basking Isstltcdcna. The tens, so
far as tfcev car: be traced, were started
by a «Usotifetfce raxacr frosa the outside
tiat seesred to stride St Louis shortly
after coca to tfce effect that the savings
tutitctlccs here were casousd. Like a
prairie Zz4 it oread fa a Cash through
the streets aad dlff»rent cercaatfle es
tabllshnents whose eispicres re^reaest
tfce E=ajorlty of sariags depositors. Scoa
the eorrtonrs cf tte LtacoUs Trust Coa
pa=y. the ilercantCe Trust Compaay aad
the Misst!5tppi Valley Trust Cctsponr
»ere filled with cren and women, all ex?
er to withdraw their mosey. The scene
is. aar ose ta.ii was dcr>Uca*ed la ti»e
otber two. A line of d»5os:tors with
bankbook* la their hands asd faces easer
*y acannirrg the little barred windows of
the bank tellers stretched cut Into the
street and fcrt<?rmir:?!ed with policemen
and bank officials, counseltny calmness
and giving aisnrarsces cf sclveacy.
It ts said tiat rise rcrsor tfcat started
the ran ca=K l fmia Cbicaeo and was to
the effect that two cf the directors of
the Mississippi Valley Company had re
centfr endeavcr«d to nesotiate a loan of
J2.0XWCO hi that city and had been re
fused. To-day thl* ruiaor vu pronounced
aa absolute canard by the directors con
cerned.
Chief Executive Is Steadfast in His
' Bmc! vs to Let "So Person
Guilty cf Vrczgdolz j
::>;,.,¦ Sscape.
Presidents cf Various Financial Con
cerns Issize Statement Assaxing
the Public ¦ That There
Is Ho Ifcanger.
San Francisco Investigation
One of the First to Be
Taken Up.
Excitement Subsides After
Throngs of Patrons
Are Paid.
President's Order In
cludes All of the
Larger Cities %
Starts Runs on Three
St. Louis Banking
Houses.
WILD RUMOR
ALARMS THE
DEPOSITORS
LIKES LOST
IN A WRECK
OF TRAINS
Fccr PsHraaa Cars Containing ¥&*
•esgers Frcn Saa Francisco Are
Tuabled Into a Ditch and
Sadly Dua&ged.
Timekeeper and Possibly Five
Japanese Die in th9
Collision.
Overland Meets Terrible
Disaster at Night
in Nevada,
BODY or >rrrprv7-RT-n GIBL
IS rCU^r.) BY TTTTt 2I0THZH
Slarers Place Se=iins cf Victira'ii
*i IT-der^rcTind AHey Adjsia.- .
'~S Ser Hc=e.
S-chte^ s^cd 3 reirs. ¦sra* E-v^f-red list
rJ?i: ard her bo^j- -liced la ta ender
•- w-jjf f ocafi^o-dar by her noti<er. He?
sfa£l in.* criisieil. t-t th«r* was =o crier
¦" Mll if cf riniiiwr ca tie bc'ijr.
ills? Beci::eT w«=.t ertvi^s- r^atertfay
rwit;.?rg w-.ii Darid "Wefse-tv^x. a^d tils
irzs tie l5$t r:~e she vis seen alive.
Mrs. B«htel, entber of th* =::nifr»«i
Btrt. ¦was 2.rcu5«d timgj after I o'clock
This r=orrr^? bv tie barking- of do?a.
": - looktrg cut cf her b>e<iroo=i wtrdow
sie saw two r=^s. carrx aa cbj«<rt Ckoca
a carrts^e ajzi r^ace It in tie cn^'r
rr;-i=i a"e- "ear tie house. She i=ad*
:-.'.esti£2.ti<!T:. bst uccn trlsl^x this
racmii^- the focad h«r di-^citer's sh^>?s.
hat and coat t^ ti;» c?trt— g--r<-rn La;»t
the body cf t-e girl was t&unfl Is tie
¦JJey.
¦ m i
~.\5IX CTTT. "Wyo^ Oct. 2T. — Ti» Or*sl
J^rr 1~^— '•* t r - ' t :~y ti» !7rg^'~y of Gcr— :ai «ji<1
• 'm^-r^f SA^ai. * -rre:t=ient «r.-wfc-^-»- aoi fcr
mi't o»rt=*r cf C=«co»i J. L. T-iig/. Sab*a
POSTOFFICE
INQUIRY TO
BE GENERAL
THE SA2S FBANCISCO CAili, WEDNESDAY. OCTOBER 28, 1903.
Distinguished Jurist, Who Was Twice the Stan
dard Bearer of the Republicans of California,
Dies at Honolulu After a Surgical Operation
FEDERAL JUDGE ESTEE
IS SUMMONED BY DEATH
3
TALK ON SUITS AND OVERCOATS
THAT $15 WILL BUY
CL *T DOESN'T MATTER in the least whether you
wish to pay much or little for your clothes.
You can do either safely here.
CL OUR LOW-PRICED CLOTHES cost as little as is
consistent with absolute purity of material and
good workmanship.
G THE PRICED represent the acme of
attainment in clothes-building without being
needlessly extravagant.
CL 'TIS THE HAPPY MEDIUM that interests most
men — say clothing priced at about §15.00—
such as the following:
SINGLE-BREASTED SACK SUITS — blue or
black Thibet — Fancy Cheviots or Worsteds — broad
shoulder, athletic effect — long, narrow lapels — hand-
worked buttonholes — nobby styles.
"Roos-rcade" .*- 515
DOUBLE-BREASTED SACK SUITS — Cheviots
and Fancy Mixtures — broad shoulders, broad chest
effect — ne-.v. long lapels — finely tailored.
"Rocs-made" S15
OVERCOATS in Black and Oxford Grays, in Mel-
tons and Cheviots — some knee length, "others full
length — hanging long and loose from the shoulders —
Satin lined sleeves — guaranteed Pure Mohair Serge
body lining— broad shoulder effect.
FANCY OVERCOATS in fancy patterned Tweeds
—broad shotdders — long, full, loose skirts — new belt-
ed backs — Special values. ;
". $15
¦
KEARNY AT POST
{esBafco^ti? *gj|||jfl8ift Schilling's Best and goo
fejA^J^nFjP w^&SO?^ judgment are one and the sam-.
— *— -j^jj-j^ '^***& (i " vrxth the world to choos^-frorr:
j. 'ir rSr^*rTTii?i Pl oiT;«i Your groccrV; moneyback.
FxctzTj— «-« Esw*zt Street. Repatrlrj. I ~
ATVZSTISEXEJrr^
IS YOUR STOMACH ON A
STRIKE?
Ttere Is Hotting ta Prrrest Too. Ea-
?lcyis^ a E^.bstircte to &> Its Work.
There is s=.ci a t?:^-g as farfcearasce
rn^ tab*i virtue, erert ta tie case of
cue'* etcr^ari. Tiere is no Questlsa but
tiat ecne stc=a.cis win etasd a preat
deal sscre ••near i=i t*ar asd abesa >^«
c.hers. tut ti?T £2 i*Te tieir E=2t asd
wter tiat li=it is reacied tie stcrsaca
nurt t< rtcisced witi as »ur» aa fata.
Ti- t*st war ssd rtally tie c=ly ef!ec-
tire way to treat yocr etorsaci. wieti tt
rebej is :a e=?icy a ruiwtitute to do tts
wtt«- Ti:a wl-1 «iTe ti- wearesed aad
wcrr>-e-t crr^= a= crr<>rtu=ity to rest asd
r»fals itJ etre=^-:i asd iealti.
Sr^art** Vjtz^z^^. Totlets re2er« ti«
gtrtrmrh cf its wcrk by takir-g np tie
wcrk asd drisg- it iust as os* set cr
eiift cf wcrfcsies reUerea asotier. Tcey
acru*-"r i^est tie foo^ is Just ti* sas:*
ciisr«r asd lust tie eaise t* — « as tia
cirwtire 2ulds cf a «ousd «tcsoaci do. Ia
fact. *-i^= c^ssclTed is tie etcnaci tiey
ia lir^atiTe £uids. fcr tiey coataia
exactly tie aaste ccsstitutsts and ele-
cz'tlzx a* tie castle Juice tsii eti«r dl-
fiZtve iuiis cJ tie «t~tsaci. Xo r-mt-
:<?r wsat ti* eorditicn cf tie stcstaci Is.
.tts wcrk b tie sasie. Tier «~:rk
ta tieir cws aarurai way witisut regard
The r.r=^hbe^ tius revered by
:^;i*rf s UTr^rpffta Tablets, is r*srcre»i
r*-*-x-ei ty sature i=.a tie rest cf
Li* icnaa bedy does not szzZ*t la tie
>a.st ty reascs. c* la failure to p*rt:rri
its wcrk.
A **v i5TT"si^ ** saj-j: **X sus*?re<i tie
P*=cs et dj-spey«ia f«- ten years. I tn-d
•rerr bww: reraecr wirir i^«iiirrr«r:t re-
cssa ustil I wts told cf tie restarialKe
cres cf Stuart's Dysp*p«a Tablets. I
tc-r^it 1 bcx. bejaa tatsf -Jiest and
fcr^rt I iad a st<xsaci- Three bcies
"Kred c:e ccsspietely. I hare cad ro troa-
I * ¦"-iateirer for a. r?ar anl Jiave is ap-
;-*:tit« like a hart*«t ha.nl sjid can eat
ir-jTsisg- tiat ia set before sze without
rear cf tad results."
Stcart'e Dj-?;*psia. Tatl'ts are far sale
by a"I tiru^^-jii at S3 cert* a bcx. Tie
irusyist sever fiili to hare thesi is stoc5t,
t«rca.us* t-* c«==i3_r.I fcr :hes is so great
tad s: pecoocaeed that h« casnet asTcrti
ta t< without ties^. P*ctI* who could
aot ?^t tiets cf eae dz-zgrisz would eo
•" £r.-:-.t<?r and wruld p*t is tie habit cf
uyisg tieir ctier drujs there as well as
if.r Stuart's Xyx-*-**??*-*. "jN»ti
A PLEASANT SURPRISE
Ia S:cr« for Tbcse Who Dotxbt.
¦^*i»- j~~ read that a sdTerer cf r=a27
rears' gra;tt*tr.jf has beea ccsrpletely re-
stored to bcalii by usla^ Srsiii's Cr^«-*2
roo are L:e2zed ta doefct ti» statesssst.
ard. la fact, have r» t«2«T ti tr wiAt-
erer. T!:© reaaoz for tils ts that so ssdi
is c:ii= -1 fcr tli* O^s^aH rr fa t=7csstbla
for a=x cae ta fc«::«ve it; ir tt* adTerti3«r
co=2se<! tis clalzis t» tli« ccrtn^ cf csa
<lls«ase, as do ti* prcyrtetors of Pyrtrttd
PGe Cere, readers woid have mch. — ¦ »
faith Is pcblislrsd testliacilals. Ttcae fcs.
rirtar wtti tits er«at ren-dy lesew tiat
testlssocisUs a3 to Its certr taay be r«Ued
--os t=7;:r:::-. also tiAZ tia csres
brou«i; abotit bT It3 use are Utt> siort
c» sarTeloss. Tb» res=l=ereas c? ti»
cest^xcial h«» glvea Is veccied far a=d
is bet cr.e of ticcsasds recelTed:
**I wislx to write 79a aad t*H yen wia:
rcsr Pj"^M PGe Cere bas i : - * t z r c^e.
I fca-re b««a troubled wtti piles far ti»
past fire rears a=d xa«d everr rersecy
:ist was recc=te=de<I to c& TVTLle wee
irould jlTe ce relief far & wi&p. they
cever bare cured. I was so bai tils ssn»-
E«r I cocM cot yet cp <sz down wttimit
;a:=; eosld set attend to S£7 bosseicld
!-:;«. FiriTlr I r^S »• j"~ :^"t bcx cf
peer Pyraxsid PCe Oire at tia dmsslsi"?.
md tt Is caw two coztis $:zr- I csed tia
is: cf tie bcx. asd have iad ca trctibls
rtace. I eta eay it ts realTy ard trsry a
cccd i*m*ily.
"1 an so tiaaxful I tried it. as I k=ow
,t has ccred me. and If a: asy tiae I
liquid hare ary rzch. troi^sle iz2:r. I
rould cse '.: at •:_:-. S:~. :-? I ara cxzrvd I
la-re reeci=s3esded It to nsy frleads wiccs
: ksov to be amcte<t as I was. asd I
csow ti,»7 win cse it. too. I azs so t>a-V-
fsl I eTer learned cf ycur cure."* Mrs. F.
astt. 4S0 Secc=d street. Grand T-i.--.l3.
kLcb.
Pyramid Pile Ctrre Is sold by drc^jists
'.or 3> cents a package, or will be called
¦j» asy a«ldres3 tz^or receipt of pric« by
Pyrarald Drsr Co^. Marshal!. Mle^. "Wrtta
its ffrra fcr tireir book descrtils*: tia
rac^e asd cere cf plies.
EEERS I
Tli# Hl-he»! PMc td'ttS 3
the But Quality. ' |
SOLD tVilkTWHEHa*, d
PaetSe Cfcaat A«ac£a> /I
; Rheumatism d
: w««i=x. srftTd. <Jr=5«7. C»5etn. U
Cured with j^fe^^, t
One Bottle / 7Hti5^ i
IMcBurneys )^* *PtM |
Kidney and fcj 4# H
Bladder Cure r> F r
aey far ffr» i«r«* i.' wm-tst. j»
.CUTLEHfif
STATEMENT
CO5SITIO5 ASD ATFAIES
Fidelity and Casualty
COMPANY
Or nzw tokx. ns ths stats or xit
Tor*, en tie list &*j cf Cceas^cr. A. E».
1X2. «3i fcr ti« ye«r erilz* oa ti*s -Say. u
Slite c* Caa.'ar=ia. purin-iat zo tie pt-rrirtcc*
cf secneoj *1» ms,l <li cf ti* Ptjilricml Co4«.
«pl«=*rt m f«r bSask f^-i'vtfd ty tie Coss-
~~ CAPITAI*
A=«=t ef Ci:.-.3.: suck. -x:i ts
ta cacb Jt 23O.0CO C4
ASS3TTS.
R«al E»ease cwwl tr Cc~TF»ay 1 CUD ZZ
C±i=. w ¦»-*»?¦ Vi.-» cf x.. Shocks
•si 3eari.» cw=e4 fer Cc=:a=jr 3L»«aMI ¦.«
Arscci:; sf Lcara secured tr pie<I*»
cf S-tcls. Stacks. msA ctier ear-
i*-j ";i- ieccrttJe» «* r.i:-n.. . . S3.'?r» *r>
C»«i ti Cscjasj'i OC1» 17.i»J ST
Ca*2i la B*=is CCSU
trnrrwt <r=* rstt «ccr=«d as aa
~-rc«» i-i ?>~i=a T.*?TJi
yj^sitsagt ta Sa* Cot=t» at CsC«c-
lica 87.CMM
R*=t» <Sae «=<i Bccrtrt LCST *S
R»«rT» t*sa-zs*2c» &ya&\ r«J-. ta
O3=5*=y*» pca«r«i3i> 2XJT* i«
Toe»I AaMta SX»*.«ri T?
Tiii ia iu..»-c« ef A4^sat=ea: er
ta SageaJg *25«,W«U
Leases r«slst«^L !=s^=^=* «a^tZ3es. CXflSO X«
Grraa C * " ' *- 1I ~*^ •— Risks r'l' '"— f
cd* T^«r er !?»•. t 1 ; r*ts—
>sr«se« K> r*r,e«is -------- iSSTjoS*
¦^ert tiaa eae T*«r. 1 ;
rcisasrsac* prs r»ta JD^7» U
r>i» aa£ aeersed fsr »_ir:r«.
reet. ete.. r -- SU<Qtt
Ceszzzt*=£ ftcaa — ................ 2S&£CO3i>
Tool u«snttis» — .'.cmiv.jm
XXOC3CX. ' "
X«t «««t vcrnm^T rveesrml tar pr*-
=r=s ...........U,48^S3»
r^c-n* i fsr L^it.eu sad drrt^aia
«a Bc3£s. St=da. Lc*sa. kk!
t-ses a2 «th*r «ctstcs» X34.7O «3
R«c^r-<1 fcr r*ct» KtRM
RceetvvS fnaa *n «Ser »ccgsM... W.«a* .-?
Tscal r-mnnr U.TSC304--O
StC ¦f"^ l '« g*M far lea— Carfaa-
$ . lean cf £.' ? ¦ * nt
r**--»> : -.yi.wr.ei 4 a
Dtrtieads to »taciJ»cM«r»..... «3US0O0»
Pill cr iHc*^*i rrr Ctnif i ¦ ¦' ¦ !3wiS ib'i cr
Brcfcer»*» •-- UODia
p»: i rsr •alarf-m. f •*» ». t = i r*.i«?
eixrr« fs*" ofS^gi*. rf«rt». «es. . JSS.C? CS
Paid for State. eaUoeal saiZ loeal
xmxea n.t»»
AH «tb«^ pusses** asd ex^eafi-
ta«» - J«O3
TbcU E*g«aSiar«« .S3.«T.CSaT
Lowea Uu-.^l esrtsar t*« rwr. . . .*&l2»i.2=* 7T
GSOaGS F. STBTAIO. PrcsfcSesS.
RO3TP.T J. HTTJ^l5. Sccrvtarr.
ggliiaed aad >«hj t9 befsr* sm tiis 3t^
*ay «f Jirarr. 1MB.
W. U KEICB. Xatary Fsta&
CHAS. J. BOSWORTH,
General Agent,
SIS CAUFORMA STREET,
lam y*rm»ei— . Cml.
-^^S^jJl MEMAHDWQMES.
' JMBlFT I II I iTfj C«!l<Cfcri3»»Pc»I
NUjf G*wai»a fB t~r i ?a tlT^gt cr a^%T>rrMt»
Kttf m* » ««>i»J'- •! ac:nt stalru*
4 ri i ¦¦¦ /¦¦ ¦*'¦ riti'TTT. aad mc astzia.
'* t a j i »¦«. >rt>»l4. (a*
AD VILKTT.SF.THT1 STS.
A Suit to Your Measure for $15
over ninety-five per cent of which
end— we make new suits free or
fliiiilBii -^^^KHwiap See the elegant line we zre making
at With ezch suit or overcoat
ifpS|«££ goes our repairing guarantee. VVere-
0&BSiB S^^^^^^M ments free of charge. Tnis warrants
ililiiBBff e c^ ot^ es 2^ i^ e m - >* ou sre e2 r-
zM&&3 Suit* satisfacioril/ msda to ortsr for oot-of-
iown e ' Jstomer3 na 3^ ot/r 'off-measuring
*y ji c\ K|AT*i(£i^ m^ttr'c^t* find
Corner Powell and Eddy StreetsWOMAN DISAPPEARS
FROM GRAND HOTEL
Friends of Mrs. Lunt Fear That
Family Troubles May Have Led
'-?:'* * to Suicide. »
A report was made to the police* last
evening to the effect that Mra. Martha
Lunt,' ageti 45 years, a chambermaid at
th« Grand Hotel,, is missing. She disap
peared from the hotel on October 17.
An examination of her room developed
the fact that she had not taken any of
her belongings with her and the fear pre
vails among her friends that she may
have committed sulcldfe. * '
'Mrs. J. Johnson, who lives at 1316A
Larkin street, a friend of the missing
woman, stated to the police, that Mrs.
Lunt had lately been deeply depressed
over the fact that she was estranged
from her family in the East and it is
suspected that this trouble may, have
preyed upon her mind and driven her to
self-destruction.
me, I will elve you a square deal. We are
now nearing the end of the fight; In fact, we
arcs on the homestretch, and we are g-oing
to win because our cause ¦ Is i right . and Just.
The wicked and the vicious .do not sympathize
with us. but we have the honest,. brainy, < ln
tellUrent people of this great commonwealth all
enlisted in our 'favor because they know we are
fighting for all that I* honest and pure In poli
tic* and we are trying to -serve the people for
the best Interests of the ; clty. , .¦':¦ -
E. F. Lacey acted'as chairman of the
meeting. '.Among the others-who.ma.de
short talks were Dr. T..B.W. Leland, Dr.'
Dodge, Edmond Oodchaux, Judge Caban
iss, Alfred H. Wehe, Carl Westerfeld,
Samuel Braunhart, Oscar Hocks, W. /W.
Sanderson, John Barnett , and John' H.
Marble. . ;
To Exhibit ybting r Machine.
Registrar Walsh has issued Invltation3
to nil the city officials', to witness the
working 'of a 'new-Voting machine - on
election day-next Tuesday. A booth, will
be erected at the . corner ' of Hyd>. and
McAllister streets for the' purpose and will
be equipped with, thenecessary clerks, so.
that the system may. be exemplified in)
all Its details. - -
TACOMA, Wash., Oct.
28. — A special to the
Ledger says that Aber
deen, the business; section
of which was wiped out
by fire about ten days ago,
is again in flames.
Rifles and Ammunition Are Seized.
DENVER, Oct. 27.— A special to the Re
publican from Victor, Coio,; says Major
Tom E. McClelland to-night seized ten
rifles and 600 rounds of ammunition found
under the residence of J. U3. Coogan, a
member of the Free Coinage Miners'
Union of Altman. No arrests .were made.
Manager. Briggs of. the State Board of
Trade will address a letter to the leading
growers of citrus fruits' north of Tehach
apl, asking, what support they will give
to a proposed citrus fair to be held In this
city in the ferry building during Thanks
giving week. The success that- attended
the Thanksgiving fair of 1902 in the ferry
building has encouraged Mr. Briggs to
believe that a similar event this year
would be advantageous. On the number,
and nature of the responses received to
his letter may depend the holding of the
fair. ; "' ' ' ¦
The State Board of Trade has added a
department to Its reading room in which
are- scrapbooks containing clippings con
cerning the development of the counties
of the State. Each county has its own
book. The co-operation of the State press
Is asked by the Board of Trade to make
the information as full as possible for tho
benefit of all visitors who are interested
In California and may become residents
of the State.
PROPOSES CITRUS FAIR
FOR THANKSGIVING WEEK
Letter Will Be Sent -to Each Orange
Grower North of Tehachapi,
. Asking Opinions.
The Union l^abor party as It stands to-day is
practically a division of the Republican party.
Abe, Ruef. who has been kicked from one place
to another, has now landed In the Union Labor
camp and U acting as its legal adviser. We
have no Ttuef In our party; we are: all free
men. I want to five every man a square fleal,
and I pledge you my word that. If you elect
Franklin K. - Lane .addressed a big
crowd of voters of the '.Twenty-ninth As
sembly District .at Occidental-Hall j last
night. The meeting was lukewarm. Al
though the "place was packed to its* ut
most capacity and the audience listened
attentively, the- candidate -for Mayor
failed to arouse any enthusiasm, and ex
pressions of approval were few and. far
between. Lane announced at the ' start
that his voice was worn and tired • from
speaking in the open air and he asked
that' his hearers be as quiet as possible.
He opened up his remarks by referrlngto
his unblemished record for the last five
years, a record never tinged with dis
honesty. He said In part: v .
Unfavorable Impression.
Addresses Large Meeting, but Makes
LANE AT OCCIDENTAL HALL.
The Quartet rendered some more songs,
speeches were delivered by other candi
dates and the meeting closed with great
enthusiasm for the ticket.
Mr. Crocker proved himself a popular
candidate. He. had been in the district
befor* and. knows many of Its .residents.
His r*cez>tion. attested that he.would.re
celve mariy votes at the coming election.
In part he spoke as follows:
I thank you for the welcome you have given
me and I also thanV the quartet, whose sin«r-
Ini? wa* rreatly apnrwiated by me. ¦ I tWnk
It was very appropriate, as I go from, here to.
address, the. colored voters of this city. I told
them I would play them a banjo solo. There
seems to b» « demand for musical candidates
in this campaign. (Laufchter.)' You 'have no
doubt h<r-ard a treat deal ' About me in this
campaign. I have heard more about mys?If
than I knew. (Iy»uirhter.) I have always
tried to ilo rirht, ftrst for Henry J. Crocker,
and. what Is left over I have always been will
ing, to Hive to ray friends. I have been placed
In nomination for the office which is the
greatest In the Klft of the people of San Fran
cisco, and I shall enow you how I appreciate
tho honor when I am Mayor. I shall show It to
every- man, woman and child in San Fran
cisco. When I mention ladles, when I men
tion -children, I ¦ mean every word I nay. I
want every little tot of 3 or 4 years old to
appreciate the administration of 1904- and 1905.
I want to have -the sewers put in such condi
tion that they will benefit the people of the
city. I mean that th» parks are to be beauti
fied for the rake of the children: the «cbool
houses to be built for their benefit, and I will
say every dollar will be so well spent' that
every child -and every woman In this city will
point with pride to this administration; I will
*ee that the workinjanen get every dollar for
work ..well done. I will give' this municipally a
clean administration, and aa I have no. strings
on m*>, no bouses to dictate to me, I am sure
the municipality will get the benefit of ray
services.
Percy. V. Long, candidate for City At
torney, made hia reappearance. He still
showed signs of his late Illness, but his
heart was gladdened by the splendid re
ception given him. Mr. Long spoke at
length and his remarks were cheered.
Speeches were also made by Fred N.
Bent, candidate for Supervisor; Theodore
Lunstedt. Harry Baehr, Louis Jacobs,
William E. Lutz and others.
When Assemblyman W. W. Allen called
the voters of the Sunset district to order
last night the hall in which the meeting
was held was crowded^to the doors. The
voters of the district turned out in large
numbers "to ryeceive the Republican stand
ard-bearer, and when Mr. Crocker ar
rived the building shook from the stamp
ing of feet. The cheers of the citizens
echoed through the district and attested
to those who stayed at home that the Re
publicans were holding an old-time rallv.
Voters of City Suburbs Rally! for
• • Republican Ticket.
SUNSET DISTRICT.
SERVANT GIRL ADMITS
SHE WAS THE BURGLAR
Los Angeles Police Arrest Pretty Em
ploye Who Manufactured a
Crime Story.
. LOS ANGELES, Oct. 27.— Mabel Welper.
the pretty 17-year-old servant girl who on
October 6 was found locked in a closet at
the Home of A. W. Fisher, her employer,
and told a story of having been placed
there by an electric light inspector, who
then robbed the house, is In jail and
charged with the burglary. She has con
fessed her guilt and has produced jewelry
and other valuables worth more than $600,
the tiroceeds of the crime.
The girl was not locked In a closet,
there was no electric light inspector in
the crime, but she committed It without
assistance. Her arrest was made at
Ocean Park to-day, where she was found
wearing one of Mrs. Fisher's watches
and other jewelry. A former employer
had told her how in Chicago men dis
guise themselves as electric light and gas
Inspectors to gain entrance to houses for
the purpose of robbing them. This sug
gested to her an easy means of escaping
detection, so she robbed the Fisher house,
hid her booty, tore her dress in several
places, went Into a closet and began
screaming for help.
Marriage Licenses.
OAKLAND. Oct. 27.— The following mar
riage licenses were Issued by the County
Clerk to-day: Charles A. Freese. 43 years
old Berkeley, and Lillian T. Snyder, 30.
Los Angeles; August W. Hoffmann. 27.
Santa Cruz, and Emma M. Hodgkins. 25,
Alameda; John Andrade, S3, and Jessie
Lopez, over 18, both of Alameda; Edgar
A. Bayley, 26, Sterling City, and Grace W.
Davis, zL Berkeley; Michael J. Donahoo.
31, and May Clare. 21. both of San Fran
cisco; John G. Wchlfrom, over 21. Oak
land, and Katheine M. Best, over 18.
Berkeley.
Cotopaxi Volcano Spouts Fire.
GUAYAQUIL. Ecuador. Oct. 27.— It la
reported from Quito that a dense column
of fire Is visible from* there, emerging
from the Cotopaxi volcano. The neigh
boring villages have not sustained any
damage.
UNIONIZED , FISHERMEN
SECURE SHORTER HOURS
i By the action of a board of arbitration
appointed from the San Francisco Labor
Council and Fisherman's Union No. 10,353
the weekly working hours of the -fisher
men have been reduced 'to sixty-five, In
stead of eighty-five. A double wage rate
will be paid those working on Sundays
and overtime.
All disputes existing the em
ployers and. the employes of the laun
dries are in a fair way toward settle
ment. • Labor Commissioner F. V. Meyers
has been added to the arbitration com
mittee ns its fifth member.
A final order has been issued by the
executive, committee of the Labor day
parade directing all unions and members
that failed to turn out In the parade to
appear and make explanation on or be
fore November 12.
Tickets are out for the seventh annual
ball of the Pacific Coast Walters' Asso
ciation for to-morrow evening at Native
Son's Hall, Mason street.
It is the Intention of the Furniture arid
Carpet Salesmen's Association to. secure
suitable headquarters in which to meet.
At the last meeting of the association a
committee was appointed with this object
In view.
BROTHER MASONS WILL
GATHER AT HIS BIER
DOMESTIC PORT.
Late Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday. October 27.
Stmr Chico, Martin. 60 hours from Coqulll*
River via Port Orford 64 hours.
SEATTLE— Sailed Oct 27— Stmr Octennial,
for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORT.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
VICTORIA. B C— Arrived Oct 27— Br ship
Nlvelle. hence Oct 10; Br ship Cambusken
nelth. hence Oct 15-
NEW YORK — Arrived Oct 27 — Stmr Kron
prlnz Wilhelm. from Bremen. Southampton and
Cherbourg; stmr Lahn. from Genoa. Naples
and Gibraltar.
LOWELL, Mass., Oct. 27.— The firm of
Horace L. Shattuck & Son, hardware,
bicycle and automobile dealers of Lowell.
Boston and Providence, has assigned, with
liabilities, it is understood, of $300,000.
Automobile Dealers Assign.
CHICAGO LABOR LEADER
MURDEROUSLY ASSAULTED
Four Unidentified Men Beat Him
Into Unconsciousness and
Leave Him for Bead.
CHICAGO, Oct. 27.— William Rossell, a
member of the finance committee of the
Chicago Federation of Labor and former
business agent of the International 'Asso
ciation of Machinists, is at his home suf
fering from an attack made on him by
four unidentified men.
Rossell, after being drugged, was hor
ribly beaten by the quartet and left lying
In the gutter for dead. "
The circumstances of the attack are al
most exactly similar to those surrounding
the attack several weeks ago on P. J.
Donnelly, president of the Amalgamated
Meat Cutters' and Butchers' Workmen.
President Schardt of the Chicago Fed
eration of Labor, when told of the attack
to-day, was reminded that he had been
receiving numerous threatening' letters re
cently.
The Machinists' Union, to which Rossell
belongs, has empowered Its business agent
to 'spare neither pains nor money to bring
the perpetrators of the outrage on him to
justice.
The funeral ceremonies over the re
mains of the late H. J. Colvin will be
held this afternoon at the Masonic Tem
ple. -.
Colvln's death comes as a sad loss to
many of the older residents of this city,'
as he was among the first to settle here.
He ran the first steam fire engine in triis
city, in 1866, and was a member of the
noted Knickerbocker Volunteers and the
Veteran Firemen's Association, of which
he was the founder.
Several days ago the aged man was In
jured by a street car, and though at first
hope was entertained for his recovery,
his injuries proved to be more serious,
than was supposed and he died last Sun
day. /
The deceased was 72 years of age and
•was a member of California Lodge No. 1
of Masons.
Chief of Police Complains.
Chief Of Police Wlttman complained
yesterday to the Board, of Supervisors
that the. Sanitary Reduction Works fails
to remove the carcasses of dead animals
in a reasonable time. Specific mention js
made of a dead horse which was allowed
to remain in front of the Palace Hotel
from Saturday afternoon last until the
next day,' although the company was nc
tifled "to remove the carcass. Wlttman
says that a number of other complaints
of like character has been made. '
Will Produce "Everyman."
The members of the Gentlemen's Sodal
ity of St. . Ignatius Church will produce
"Everyman" to-night and to-morrow
night * at St.' Ignatius College Hall, on
Van Ness avenue. .- The play has been
rehearsed for A long time and the stage
setting* will be of the highest class. The
music for the piece will be supplied by
the/August Hlnrlchs Company and the
George Woods Company. /
LOB ANGELES. Oct. 27.— The harvesting of
the olive crop of Southern California has Just
begun.- The flret deliveries of the fruit at es
tablishments where the pickles and oil are
manufactured ar« belne made.- It Is reckoned
that in the - territory about Los Angeles thera
are 7000 acres In bearing this season.
John Carlson, a florist at the corner of
Haight and Fil'.more street. ¦ reported to
the police yesterday that his place was
robbc-d of 527 on Sunday. He stated that
a man entered his place and induced the
clerk to go with him to the sidewalk,
where he engaged the employe !n con
versation while a confederate entered the
store and rifled the cash drawer.
Florist's Cash Is Gone.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 27.— President
Roosevelt to-day celebrated the forty-fifth
anniversary of his birth. Many beauti
ful and touching reminders of the event
came to him from every part of the coun
try. Hundreds of telegrams and letters
of congratulation were received at the
White House during the day. When the
members of the Cabinet assembled for tho
usual semi-weekly meeting they joined In
extending their cordial congratulations to
the President. Amons the floral offer
ings was a huge basket of chrysanthe
mums from the propagating gardens. It
contained specimens as large as the
crown of a derby h*t and of splendid
coloring.
PRESIDENT CELEBRATES
BIRTHDAY ANNIVERSARY
T. Yatman, a representative of Volgrh
'ander & Co. # pave an interesting lecture
"art evening on the art of photography
before the California Camera Club. Mr.
Yatman is an authority on the art and
made known some remarkable- facts re
garding the developing of prints. At the
conclusion of the lecture many excellent
photographs were exhibited. ¦/>.
Lectures on Photography.
| Andrew Metzinger, the trusty who made
; such, a clever escape from the City Prison
! v on the morning of October i 23, is once
; more a prisoner of the city. He was ta
ken into custody shortly after midnight
this morning by Patrolmen- Larkin and
Connor at Sutter and Stockton streets and
locked up in the tanks.
, It is due to, the keenness of the two pa
trolmen that the' jailbird was recaptured.
They were both. standing at the corner of
1 Sutter and Stockton streets when Me
zlnger came along;. Although the escaped
'•prisoner had shaved off his mustache, the
officers recognized him at once and com
manded him to stop.
Mctzlngt r started to run, but the offi
cers overtook him beforo he had gone
.many yards. At tho City Prison' Metzinger
stated that he had filed, the key with'
which he qnened th.e door put of a blank.'.
Thi» file, he. 'says. Jv> found in a waste pa-^
'per. basket. He stated that he had little
¦ difficulty in escaping and his flight- for
freedom was not seen by a soul.
i .Metzinger added that he had been sup
. plied with, funds by friends and that he
Intended to leave the city to-day. Asked
why' he tarried so long, the jail breaker,
answered that he was infatuated with a
wo^ian and that he wished to see her be
fore he went away and was awaiting an
opportunity of bidding her farewell.
Patrolmen Larkin and Connor Cap
ture Fugitive at Sutter and
Stockton Streets.
METZINGER, JAIL-BREAKER,
A, PRISONER ONCE MORE
ABERDEEN
AGAIN IN
FLAMES
Architect Howard has given the com
mittee a general outline of the plans.
The drawings submitted consist of a front
elevation, a first floor plan and a general
plan of the upper floors. The committee
enlisted Mr. Howard's efforts because of
his distinguished position in his profes
sion. He has charge of the Benard plan
for a greater university at Berkeley.
This new City Hall project is among
the Items proposed - for submission at
forthcoming elections on "oond Issues for
municipal water works, schools and gen
eral Improvements. ; -:?;¦- "¦
The proposed municipal building is de
signed to cover a ground space, 170x64
feet and will be seventy-nve feet from
tho street .level, to the top of the orna
mental balustrade above the roof cornice.
The main entrances will break Into • a
vestibule 54x24 feet with a corridor twelve
feet wide along the length of the edifice
to stairways at each end. Elevators will
face the vestibule entrance. On the main
floor the room space has been cut- into
four sections at each corner of the rect
angle,, two apartments 26x70 reet and two
of dimensions' 25x54.* feet, being allotted.
The floors above have each approximately
4500 square feet of room space to be as
signed, /'
Tentatively It is the purpose to locate
the police department. Jail and receiving
hospital In the high basement.
The plans call for an absolutely fire
proof structure, steel frame, terra cotta
and cement floors and ce:;ings.
In making provision against the future
Architect Howard has designed a struct
ure whose dimensions will. It is estimated,
provide ample space for the needs not
only of the city of Oakland for years to
come, but of a possible consolidated city
and county government. The edifice is
planned so that wings can be erected on
the west side without marring the arch
itectural dimensions or effect.
submitted to the special commit
tee of the. City Council, the Mayor and
Board of Public Works by John Galen
Howard, head of the department of arch
itecture at the University of California.
The plans comprehend a nve-story stone
structure in classic renaissance. It is
to face the east, fronting a curved ex
tension of Washington street through
Citv Hall Park to San Pablo avenue.
OAKLAND, Oct. 27.— Preliminary
plans for a proposed new City
Hall for Oakland, estimated to
cost $350,000 to $375,000, have been
Three indictments were reported yester
day by the United States Grand Jury in
the Chinese substitution cases. The first
is against William F. Dasha. Thomas J.
Dempsey and Thomas T. Burnett, the
Sheriffs deputies, who were arrested for
complicity with Deputy Marshal Gamble
in the substitution of six Chinese old men
for six young men, who had been ordered
deported to China. In this Indictment
Wong Din is a co-defendant, it is alleged
that on August 8 of this year he paid Bur
nett I1C00 for the purpose of Inducing
Burnett. Dasha and Dempsey to substi
tute five Chinese. Tho second indictment
charges Burnett, Dasha and Dernpsey
with conspiring with Li Lim, who pafd
them a sum of money to substitute Chi
nese on June 1. and the third indictment
charges them with having conspired with
Horn Toon on August 18 for a certain aum
of money paid by Horn to substitute Chi
nese. , The bail of all the defendants was
fixed at $3*)0...
The Grand Jury ignored the charge
against Isadore Davidson of having
fraudulently procured naturalization pa
pers, and that against Jan LI of having
had in his possession forty-seven cigars
on which the tax had not been paid.
. Charles Fields, was indicted for smug
gling ten pounds of opium on October 14. '
Dasha, Dempseyy Burnett and Three
Chinese Brokers Must Stand Trial
for Conspiracy.
FEDERAL GRAND JURY
INDICTS FORMER JAILERS
PROPOSED NEW CITY HALL FOR OAKLAND. FROM PLANS SUBMITTED BY JOHN GALEN HOWARD, HEAD
OF* THE DEPARTMENT OF ARCHITECTURE OF THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA. THE PEOPLE ARE
TO BE ASltED TO VOTE TO ISSUE BONDS TO PAY FOR THE STRUCTURE. -
WASHINGTON*. Oct. 27. — Postofflce estab
lished: Oregon— Shirk, Lake County. Olive G.
Shirk, postmaster.
Postoffice to be discontinued: California —
Alexander Valley. Sonoma County, to take ef
fect December 31. instead of October 31. as
heretofore announced. '.Oregon — Kins. Marion
County; mail to Maclay.
The following patents were Issued to-day:
California — Albert J. Arnold. National City,
fishing reel; Hiram W. Blaisdell. Loa Angeles,
mixing apparatus; Frank D. Bullard, Los An
geles, pipe wrench; Ellsha K. Green. Los An
geles, means for lubricating rails of etreet cars;
Marlus Hennlngf, San Francisco, bake oven;
Alexander "VV. Hess, assignor one-half to A. S.
"Williams. San Jose, feeder for oil burner*;
Frank G. High, Los Angeles, sash fastener;
John Kunny, H. G. Arundell and P. R. Kunny,
Los Angeles, ratchlng clutch for drilling swiv
els; William H. Ladley, assignor one-half to
R. L Pieler. Maricopa. water supply device for
well drilling; John- W. Llvermore, Berkeley,
traction wheel; William W. McCormlck, San
Francisco, bag; George Morrlll and C. G. Grim.
Sonora, pump; John Nicholas. Berkeley, win
dow-shade fixture; Emery Nichols, assignor
one-half to F. A. Kuntlngton. San FTancisco.
steam generator; Joseph A. Pedrazzl. Carmel,
primary butttry; Charles II. Snow. Stockton,
concentrator; William H. Treochard and F.
Heath. Gamul. current water motor.
Oregon — Charles H. Mattox. naker City,
roott; Adam Mleden. Sumpter. garment hanger;
Nelson W. Thompson. Ersklnevllle, harrow.
Washington — Will S. Day. Spokane, puzzle:
William L. McCabe, Seattle, portable conveyer:
Byron C. niblet, Spokane, discharge terminal
for wire rope tramways; same, grip for aerial
wire rope wire tramways: Charles W. Smith.
Renter. nallle*s horseshoe; R. W. Wood, Seat
tle; time limit ticket.
Several Changes Are Made in the
Postal Service and More Patents
Issued.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
None of t'ne boats sighted the disabled
Motecr. The last heard of the Meteor
about St. Michael was on October 10.
when she was sighted by the Ohio about
200 ¦ miles south of Nome in tow cf the.
Eureka and headed for Dutch Harbor.
When the Roanoke arrived at Dutch
Harbor on the 21st inst. nothing waa
known of the movements of the Meteor
or Eureka and the revenue cutters Man
ning and Bear were preparing to start
out to cruise Bering Sea 'in search of
them. The Manning left on the evening
of the 21st and the Bear was to have fol
lowed the next morning.
The course which was mapped out will
cover a cruise of ten or twelve days.
The captains of both the Bear and Man
ning expressed considerable anxiety, as
It la known that severe storms raged on
Bering Sea during the week following the
time the vessel were sighted by the Ohio.
The Eureka was said to have had only
ten days' fuel supply on board when
she left.
SEATTLE, Cct. 28.— Three Nome steam
ers reached Seattle betwten 12 and 1
o'clock thin morning, bringing a total of
1300 passengers ami over half a million in
treasure. The steamer Roanoke left St.
Michael on October 18, the bay at that
time being tilled with floating ice. Th-j
Senator was unable to take off & number
of passengers that awaited her at St.
Michael. and they came down on the Roa
noke. The Senator and Ohio left Nome
on October 19.
News Is Lacking Regarding the
Fate cf the Disabled
Meteor.
STEAMERS FHOM NOME
CARRY GOLDEN CARGO
Attorney Metson, representing Wolf, at
tempted to prove that Simpson's charac
ter was such that he should not be re
garded as a reliable witness. He was
aBkf-d If he had ever been arrested, but
the question was objected to and the ob
jection sustained. Metson agreed to pro
duce depositions from various parts of the
State in which the saloon man has re-
Fided. showing that his imputation was
not of the best. After deliberation the
care was postponed until one week from
to-morrow, when the defense will have a
hcarir.p. There were in the neighborhood
of 100 witnesses present and all were ex
cused, subject to a call from the com
mission.
George B. Simpson, proprietor of the
saloon, was called first and testified to
having paid money to Wolf on three dif
ferent occasions. The first he said was
on August 24. when the sergeant ex
plained that trouble could be made for
the place unless coin was yielded up. On
this date, according to the witness, $10
was paid, and it was understood that a
similar amount should be contributed on
each of the following months while the
officer remained in the district. On the
next day. Simpson claims, he called on
Police' Commissioner Drinkhouse and in
formed him cf what had taken place.
Drinkhouse denounced the sergeant's de
mands and promised an investigation.
The second charge against Wolf Is that
he received $5 from Simpson on Septem
ber 21. Tho circumstances were similar
and on October 6, It is alleged, another
S5 gold piece was received by the police
man. Al Neil!, who is a nominal partner
In the concern, testified to having been
told of the payments by Simpson, and the
books of the paloon, showing such pay
ments, were offered in evidence. James
Baddey, an employe of the Board of Edu
cation, who is engaged as a bartender in
the drinking house when not fulfilling his
duties to the city, gave corroborative
testimony and was dismissed with little
cross-examination.
The case of Police Sergeant Reuben
Wolf was heard in part before the' Police
Commissioners last evening. Wolf was
accused of demanding and accepting
money from a certain saloon in his dis
trict, in consideration of which he of
fered the proprietors immunity from po
lice interference. All the witnesses for
the prosecution were heard and the case
for the defense was postponed until one
week from to-irforYow, when depositions
mill be produced to discredit the testi
mony of the complaining witness.
I-a Grille meekly held out his hands and •
collarsrd. Tommy Foster was obliged; td ; i
hold him to keen him from sinking to the"!
floor in abject fear. Mr?. La Grille was j
thundf rstruek on learning that the "hero" '
whom she had wedded by contract was '
only a fraud and a coward after all. '
While they were talking La Grille came
in and Hazen introduced his young friend
Foster. La Grille sized them up mental'y
and suspected that they were by no
rrcans the pair of. fools that they pre-=
i ended to be. To the surprise of his wire,
he denied that he was connected with the
secret service department .of the Govern
ment, and said that he had been a Gov
ernment sleuth, but was not at that time.
Hazen at on.ee exhibited his silver badge,
with the remark, "Here is what the real
badge of a secret service man tboks likcV
Here are a pair of handcuff?, which I will
take the liberty of locking upon your
wrists; so that you may know h6w your
prisoners felt when you put the bracelets
upon them." : -.- - •
W. S. La Grille, who had been posing as
a hero In Southern California in the role
of assistant chief of the United States
fecret service and proved It by a brass
badge that he had made to order in Los
Angeles, appeared before United States
Court Commissioner Heacock yesterday
and waived examination on the chaTge of
having . fraudulently obtained from a
woman In Loa Angeles the sum of $200 by
representing himself to be a Federal of
ficer. Ball was fixed. at $1000, and he was
ordered' extradited to the United States
District Court, at Los. Angeles to be tried
on that charge.
The maximum penalty for the offense is
a fine of $1000 and Imprisonment in the
State penitentiary for three years. '->_:
United States . Secret Service Agent
Hazen reports I^a Grille to be one of tne
finest liars he ever met. After having en
tered into contract of marriage with an
rstimable young woman of Los Angeles,
whom he had deceived into believing him
to be other than he was, he came to this
city with her. As soon as he arrived he
called upon Dr. W. A. Doherty of 770
O'Farrell street and represented that he
had a United States prisoner in Los An
geles whom he desired to remove to this
city to a quiet sanitarium or other place
where newspaper reporters would not be
likely to find him. As bait La Grille in
formed the doctor that the Government
allowed $r<0 per month for the keeping of
rarh priponer. This was preliminary to
negotiations for a "loan" from the doctor.
Chief Hazen la=t Saturday took United
Slates Secret Service Agent Thomas B.
Foster to, La Grille's rooms : and Intro
duced hlm.jto Mrs. La Grille as an ambi
tious but guileless youth' who wished to
karn the business of- a sleuth. La Grille
was not at home, and while awaiting his
return Mrs. La Grille horrified her visit
ors by relating how many times her hus
band had been shot and stabbed and
clubbed by desperate counterfeiters with
in the last two years. Agent Hazen ex
pressed his doubts a>5 to whether young
Foster would like a calling so prolific in
lesions and hemorrhages, but Foster
bravely assured him and the lady that
he was willing to -take, his Hfe in his
hands t't-ie a dar'e-devel secret service
man like Astfi.Htant Chief La Grille.
• Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1113 Broadway, Oct. 17.
The second controller car for the trains
of the new "key route" ferry system has
arrived, and it is now being fitted up at
the company's yards in Emeryville. As
soon as this car is In running order tBe
company will be enabled to inaugurate &
regular thirty-minute schedule between
San Francisco ar.d Berkeley.
Each of the new electric trains Is made
up of a motor car. controller car and
two trailers and the arrival of the con
troller now at the yards completes the
necessary equipment for the second
train. The present schedule is a little
fast for the boats and the time of tue
trips will probably be extended from
thirty-four to thirty-seven minutes.
It ia expected that the thirty-minute
schedule will go into effect the first of
next week.
John Hansen Jr. of Cerrlto Point, In
"West Berkeley, had a close call for his
life yesterday In the bay half a mile from
his home. The youth's boat capsized
while he was returning from a hunting
trip and he only saved himself from
drowning after the hardest kind of a
struggle. :.
Hansen lost his balance while standing
ud in his boat to shoot at some ducks
and fell into the water. He was loaded
down with a coat filled with shells and
a pair of rubber boots that immediately
filled with water. When he came up out
of the water he was some distance from
the boat, which he barely reached before
his strength gave out. The boat was half
full of water then, but it held him up
until he could divest himself ol his heavy
clothing. Finally he bailee the boat out
and got safely to shore. though he was
more dead than alive when he reached
land.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call.
214S Center street, Oct. 27.
George Simpson Says He
Paid Sergeant Money on
Three Occasions.
Rubber Boots and Heavy Coat
Make Struggle for Life
Harder.
Another Controller Car Ar
rives, Completing Equip
ment Necessary.
Halo of Romance Disappears
in Deepening Shadow
of Penitentiary.
Saloon-Keeper Testifies
Before the Police
Commission.
La Grille Dazzles Young
Wife With Tales,
of. Daring.
New Perry System Will
Run Two Trains
Next Week.
John Hansen Jr.'s Boat
Capsizes ,Ofl Bay
Shore.
DECLARES WOLF
RECEIVED COIN
ARRANGES THIRTY
MINUTE SCHEDULE
HUNTER BATTLES
AGAINST WAVES
DUPED BRIDE'S
IDOL SHATTERED
TELE SAN .FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 28, 1903..
Preliminary Designs for New Home for Officials of Ala
meda'Gounty Metropolis Prepared and Submitted by
John Galen Howard of the* University of California
SPLENDID PILE IS PLANNED
FOR OAKLAND'S CITY HALL
4
JNO. J. FULTON CO. !
Brighfs Disease and;
Diabetes News. |
SAN FRAXCISCO. Oct. 26. 1903.— !
Some Inttrestlns; late reports are as fol- i
lows:
John Sunnich. Cadlgan. Minn.. ;
'Drisht's Dis«ase), writes October 19: '
"1 am feeling 50 per cent better than I i
did before I was us'.r.g your compound. :
I am up and out of bed r.ow and im- j
proving fast."
W. G. Shepard. Everett. Wash.: "We j
have two rather extreme cases of i
Brighfs Disease on the Renal Com- |
pound, both of which showed decided •
diminution of albumen the third week, j
Expect to £et statements of complete i
cures from them by and by."
A. T. Park, SupL Schools. Duluth. !
Minn., writes that in three weeks the \
sugar dropped "from 2 per cent to no j
trace" and a*ks If it is not unusual and !
if it is necessary to continue. fXote !
It is necessary to continue- for several 1
months after all symptoms have disap- !
peared.)
Our traveler. H. W. Korper. writes •
from Cincinnati. O.: "Fennell & Son. our !
agents here, have just shown tne a list
of forty cases of Br!j?hfs Disease and!
Diibetes, about one-half of whom are on I
the compounds through their efforts, !
AND EVER!' CASE IS SHOWING IM- '
PROVKMENT. Fennell is going to i
start a campaign among the physicians." '
A lady writes from Nev.-ark, N. J.: "I j
first heard of your compound through .
Mr. Munson of Franklin Furnace and ;
want to try it. He is very much better •
and he has a friend who. was cured by I
It. It was also recommended to me by '
a very prominent physician." :
A gentleman connected with the i
Brooklyn Warehouse and Storage Co. of '
Brooklyn, N. Y.. writes that he is Just I
starting oi\ the Compound, due to the
fact that "it has Just made two marvel-
ous cures right here, one a lady and one
a gentleman, who were apparently in the
last stages and given up by physicians. !
To-day they ore well people."
Brighfs Disease and Diabetes are now
curable in about 87 per cent of all cases
by the Kulton Compounds. Jno. J. Ful-
ton Co.. 409 Washington street, San I
Francisco, sole compounders. Com- I
pounds and pamphlets at all first-class '
druggists* In this city and at the follow- i
ing interior druggists':
Alarm da. Prosser'e Pa«o Robies. Janny'* •
At.criK ii, Edwards' Petaluma, Maynard'*
Ar.gt It Camp; Goodloe'* Red BluO. Elmore'a
MeLauictilln's Redding. Red'fr D* Co
Bekrrbfield. Baer'« Redland*. Abbey'n
Ifcricia, Trautz' Redwood City. Walah'*
Berkeley, Tend'* Riverside, Gardner**
Calittoga. Armstrong?* Hacramento. WIHla*
Chico. i*e'« Saltnae. Kxougrh'*
Oloverdal*. MarkeU'a San Andrea*. Peter**
Pclusa, Robinson'* 8 Bernardino. Towne's
Crocltett.Crock.-tt D Co San Diego. Strahlman**
Davisvltle. Campbell'* Sanrer. Mesaer's
Dlnuba. McCracken'* San Jow. Finher A P
Eaglevllle. Power*' San Mateo, Colpe'*
Kureka, Skinner'* Ban Pablo, Solomon'*
Fresno. O. H. Monroe's Ban Rafael. Wolfe'*
Grar* V. I/outzcnheiser Santa Ana, HaieeU'*
Gtlroy, Jchneon'* Fanta Barbara. Ruiz'
Golden Gat-.KMnkner'n Santa Clara.Roblnson's
Hanford. Cousins & H Santa Cruz. Palmer's
Hay-wards, Sporndir* Kanta Monica. Ramaxe
HeaJdeburff. Evans' Santa Rosa, Newman'*
Holllster. Wapole** Sebartopol, Worth'*
Honcut. Horton'a Simon. Lcc'i '
Kern. Kern Druir. Co'* Sonora, Eddy'*
Llvennore, Beck** Bt Helena, Brownlee'*
Item Angeles. Owl Stockton, Holden's
Ixw Gatos. .Jcrms.A- J Sutter Cr'k.^Morrieh'*
Ix>mpoc Dean'* Tnickee. Thomas'
Madera; L/uttreU's Tuiare. Lasch'* .
Merred. Dlxon'a' » ¦ Tuolumne, Curley**
Mill Valley, MVDrCo UJdah. Gibson's >
Modesto.. Husband AT Va'lejo. Topley's
Monterey- Moore'* Ventura, Cerf*
Morran Hlll.M H D.Co Volcano. Clute'a
Mtn Vfew.- Johnson' r Vltalia. Boynton'*
Napa, LoveJoT"" ' ' Watsonville. Krougrh'*
Nevada Otr. Vlnto'a Wheatland. Srown'a
Oakland, Owl Williams. Touch's
Orortlle. Ekman S*Ct> winter. Day*«
Parinc Orore, Tuttle 1 * Woodland, Sbeltoa'i
Pasaflena. Ward's
'¦; . ADVERTISEMENTS.
""^_ i^^gAnheuser-Busch
covers 125 acres—
(^^^^) 60 city blocks.
Brew House— 6,000 Barrels Daily.
Bottling Works— 700,000 Bottles Daily.
f Ice & Refrigerating Plants— 3,300 Tons Daily.
Malt Houses— 5,000 Bushels Daily.
Storage Elevators— 1,250,000 Bushels.
Stock Houses— 425^000 Barrels.
Steam Power Plant— 7,750 Horse Power.
Largest Brewery in the World
Orders promptly filled by
TTTiLMANN & BE2JDEL, Pacific Slope Bistrllnxtufc
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Dyspepsia
and other stomach troubles
quickly relieved and in most cases
surely cured by the use of
This scientific germicide is abso-
ftrtely harmless; it subdues the
inflammation of the mucous mem-
.brane of the stomach', and by re-
moving the cause, effects a cure.
Used and recommended by Icadiner phy-
sicians. Take no substitnte aud sea. that
¦ff ".°° UI e bears my sljrnauire.^ Trial size,
•l .oo, it druggists or by mail,;! rora
••'•.'•'¦ • ¦ . -. v . .'. . «— «-\- 1 '"T . •
61.0 Prince St. ¦- . .; xr»jw.-T«*k '¦ '•'
, ... Send jiir Booklet , ;GtTTHHIS. Okl*^ Oct. tT. — Kec i - i. a«e<l
<i ti* -<itdc3* I3i!aa Ja tte Sac »=d Pox
trlie d!e3 ts>-i*r. ' Keckak. Ia.. w«» sassed far
Tprrrt.\TV~'jnr?x - Oct. ZZ-— Tfc« ecnditiaa cS
WE!ta Z*. *r**r~* w ti— m .~ianc*rr. wo* t^-olxiie
ec=siri«r-"S crKlcai. Hc?» Ok Sis r*r-vx«T7 ta*
ahscst tees ala=4a=«d fcy ti* fa=£y.
Miss Edna Rlduacnd gave a tea yes
terday afternoon at her tome en' Jaci
son street to a group of dose friends. The
following maids were present: Miss Ag
nes Laadecdcrn. Miss Anna tisher. Miss
Ruby Wocdbum. Miss Effle EXlIstoa. Miss
AIic«Breser. Miss Sadie WOscn. Miss
Clarice Kent, Mlsa Mary Younger. *"»
Maude Bender and Miss Lel» Haaucer
saiiih.
Old Kirk Whisky is* straight blend of
the best"; Kentucky whiskies, medicinal
and free "from tapcrities.
- The Xokes-Murphy wedding yesterday
was a charxafag affair, the army having
gained thereby a charming daughter. The
nuptials took place at the home cf the
bride's grandparents. Captain and Mrs.
Acgustas Rodgers, and tie serrtee was
performed by the army chaplata.
The hotise became a bower of teacty
through the loving labor of friends. The
bride were a beautiful robe of Ivory satis
and carried a shower bouauet of white
orchids, while Miss Acsa Sperry. the
dainty raald of bo=or. was attired Ia *
charm^g-gown of green chiffon. After
the ceremony supper was . served, when
Lieutenant Murphy and his bride depart
ed for 'Santa Barbara where they wd
remain fcr a short time.
gathers - together more than 330 cf th«
cleverest* wciaen ia San Fraadseo— and
some cf the toasts will be wcrta repeat
in?. ¦;&'>
DE3EEXT Hf CTtmCAT. COXDmOX.-
G*crje Desiesr. wko was jhet ta a D=pect
etreet b*rrwy=i br J- N. Brad*r «arly i:-T.<i*r
nicrtilac. lira is a citiral ccsdltUja *t the
ta sjsd all bope ler tie — a- '• reorretr bas
The United States Circuit Cocrt of Ap
peals yesterday denied the ' motion of
George D. CoHin* i to . reverse . the decision
of the United. States District Court in the'
Dimmfek case.
Dimzaick Turned Down Again.
6c coasplaint of United States Immi
grant Inspector Hart North a, warrant
was issued yesterday ( for the arrest of
Captain R. William Jones of the British
bark- Inverkip j for baring allowed | three
alien Immigrants, sailors, to escape from
bis vessel, where they had been placed by
the Immigrant Inspector for^ deportation.
C&ptais in Trouble.
Cruelty Is also charged in a suit brought
by Grace Hexter against .-varoa Hexter.
Sae wants a divorce and permission to
resume ber maiden name. She makes no
specific charge against Hexter. bet says
that his treatment cf her has been scca
that she ft a* bees compelled to leave him
and go heme to her mother.
*odge Hebbard granted John O. Jobaa
sen a divorce from Tfeeresa" J. Johansea
for cruelty yesterday, the evtaence show-
Ing that ilrs. Johansen had a habit cf
calling her husband "dog face." She also
hit him Ia the eye with her wedding ring.
Interfcxrctory decrees were also granted
to Harry P- Roberts fronx Evalina. Rob
erts fcr infidelity- Clara! A. Potter from
"Walter S. Potter for desertion. Lena Ehr
hardt from Albert Ehrhardt for neglect.
L. Crocer from Regtea Croner for deser
tion and AvarEla. Green frcm Edward
Green for desertion.
Albert E. Murphy wants a divorce froza
Hattle Murphy on the ground of cruelty.
They were married April I. 1201. He says
he has 'become the laughing stock of bis
friends because of his wife's love for flirt-
Ing and her conduct with one Milton
Rapp. He savs she makes no effort to
bide her aversion for him and ence caused
hha all sorts ef coisery by spreading a
report that he tad tried ta poison her.
Desertion Is charged In the complaints
filed by Susanna Margaret Grant against
Alfred Harry Grant. Ben Lewis against
Rosa Lewis a=d Ro«« L* CnampUn
agalrst M. A. Cham^Ita. (
OTHEB Sims FILED.
Sophie McNulty Is seeking-* divorce
from James McNuIty for desertion and
neglect- She says that more than a year
ago he abandoned her, compelling her
to depend upewv her own efforts for sup
port. "
Anna Smith wants a divorce from VT.
L. Smith on the ground of cruelty and
the custody cf their two minor sons. She
charges that Smith applies vile and op
probrious epithets to her and frequently
slaps her face. They were married at
Lbdi In December. 1332.
by her husband. He has upbraided and
abused her. she says, times without num
ber, and caee struck her on -the temple
with a stick cf wood, knocking her sense
less and caraixx^ a. palsfsl and disSg-uriiig
hap to arise. They have two children
and Mrs. Kevser wants their cnstody
awarded ta her.
Carrie Kfy*?r. is a complaint for di
re rc* she filed yesterday a*atest Ellas
Keys«?r. alleges that ever sfsee their mar
riage la AprQ, 1*54. she has been treated
'a a crceL cool and ladlffereat nicrw
BANJO AS WEAPON. *
It was also la August. 1XZ. alleges Mc-
Cormiek. that his wife struck him oa
the head with a fcanjo. He says he was
sound asleep on a lounge when the blow
was struck. McCormick says that his
wife a'eo amused herself by throwing
stcnes at htm. calling him. all scrts of
caa»s and makins threats against his
life. He says she also drove him out of
the house i:cre than once.
James McCcrmick !s tired cf the abuse
he cfaims he has received at the hands
cf Kate S. McCcrmick durinjc the last
three years. Yesterday he filed a salt
for divorce. He charges her with cruelty.
According to his complaint, his wife has
a fondness for licjucr and " while under
Its tcSuence does many things calculated
to shwjw MeConnick that she Is the bess
cf the McCcrmick menage. He say* his
wife"s strenuousn'sss first became evident
In July. I3i» r when, while he was wash
i-g his face, sh« struck him ca the head
with a hammer. The blow pained hiia,
he says, acd he was also greatly humil
iated to think that the wife cf his bosom
should treat him so. In the following
month, charges McCormick. he was fur
ther humiliated by his spouse hurling a
I:?hte<i lamp at him. It never struck
him. but hit the waU. smashed" into bits
and started a blaze which, he says,' re
csired aa hour's hard work to subdue.
His mental sufferings were added to a
few days later, says McCcrmick. when his
wife paid him a friendly visit at the place
where he Is employed- He eays she came
there decidedly the worse fcr drink, grab
bed hici bv the collar of his ccat and
dragged him about the place and even
into the street.
From rh» i-terior payers the amounts
arprornated fcy California counties to get
cp cs-^itv exhibits, are gathered- The
arrest appropriation is by Lcs Angeles
Cccrry. this amcunthig ta C2.€C»>. Ts«
uext fa ortier is Alameda Ccurrty. the ap-
Frcpriation of which Is O.OCO. The other
county apprcpriations are as follows:
B--:cs*. t5X»: Centra Costa. 3£S5: El Do
rado, t&y. Fresno. S3>»; Kern. JT*»:
Kings. ISO): Orange. d»; Riverside. W>»;
Sacraments. $7X0; Santa Clara. t^.HS:
Santa Cruz. JTSO; San Bernardino. JSKO;
San Diego. CSX>: San Luis Oblspo. JS:O;
Shasta. &»: Solano. CCC>: Tulare. «C<«>;
Ventura. CT»: Tuba. XZX. The total of
tbcae appropriatlcns Ls J115.t?2. The State
appropriated SI5).0O) fcr the purpose cf
rsak>=g a display.
The sirarular fact is that of the fifty
seven BOQStfei In the State twenty-eight
enly have moved for exhibits on their
c-wa account In the State's collective dis
play in the Agriculture "tullclng. There
are twerty-nine counties that have net
taken the necessary steps to secure indi
vidual adrertisirg at St. Lcuis- Notice
was sent cut yesterday by Secretary
"WUlis cf th» California comraissicn to St.
L/ruis that counties must make returns
at cr.ee cencerninjr what they have to
shew at St. Louis, that proper space may
be assigned. The greater the show to be
=ad» the greater wffl be the space al
loweii. S-»creta.ry "Willis' letter ts calcu
lated to cake a general round-up of ex
hibits that are avaUable fcr St. Louis in
aa departments except forestry, mining
and education. These lines will be shown
¦In separate buildings and not In the col
lective State exhibit-
"Within the next fartnigiit the California
cetraties that are preparing t;> be separ
ately represented in the collective exhibit
at St. Louis in the Agriculture bunding
will t» assigned the spaces they are to
occupy. In the collective exhibit the
Basses of the counties will arpear above
the displavs made by them. Visitors wCl
therefore have no diScuIty ia £ndi=g out
what each ccunty showing caa produce.
Ti^ allotment cf space is cf great to
t?rf«i to the twenty -eight cccntles that
£t-? e=ga.sed in preparing to advertise
ti«ir rrc<iucts and other advantages- The
Ccmmissicners to the S:. Lo=is Exposi
tion -win d'errfd* ful^r at their nex: rne*t
trg. which will surelv be held within a
fortnight.
Mrs. Isidor Lowanberg will entertain t
the Laurel Hall and the Philomath dobs I
ax luncheon In the " Masle room of the !
Palace Hotel to-morrow, besides the pres
idents of an th« leading clubs. This fuse- ;
tlca is one of especial significance, as It}
" The cumbers gives by Otis Carrington
were of tn* kind that linger long In your
eager ears— virile, fresh. nseUIs'uous and
caressing. For one so young In years his
voice ard understaedtsg are of unusual
development.
Miss Oara Lewys. clever as to vcice.
was chic as to manner, and oa her eoy
nes3 won plentiful plaudits. So.", too. did
Mrs. Wlnant-EHckey. Carl Crfchtca's
"Bandolero" IIkewi«« was wett received.
After the "programme a delightful hour
was spent over the tea tables. Mrs.
George Law Smith graciously presiding
over the hospitalities. It Is conceded that
the California. Club tea. Is a rarely good
brew, seductively promoting that good
fella wshlp-- which is the basis of all club
life— among wemea. ; .-"r"; *
• • • "
The California Clab entertained S»
guests yesterday afternoon at Its dub
rocms, when a song recital cf exceptional
merit was presented by Mine. Abby Car
rington. with Emlyn Lewys at the pta~o.
The fallowing programme, was given ia
markedly gocd style:
PUao. "FdcEais*,** E major ajsrt).
Edljra Urwr»i *TS* Baatfii-ro*' <3r=art>. Cart
Cricttcs: <»> "Serenade" dCcsako»»il>- fb)
"I A=i Thia* rartirer" <S«bIe«fi;c«r». SCrs. Ere
tra UTc*c»-r>U:ker: '"Ah! ~>-« .-iy» Trc«."
froci "Esi=«r«Ma." «Gort=i--T!ictaas> OO» Otr
riactoo; "Sur L* PIas»." *Tte S!iV«r Rlzjg"
«Ct*s^=a4»>, Miss CUa Lewy*: .~Afc! Fora
<» Id." from "La Trartata" <VerUl*4lrs Cbra
H*n_ ..."
Mr. Adams is extensively . engaged !a
mining, principally in Mexico, and al
though his offlces are In New York he
makes frequent visits to San Francisco,
where he. spends several months each
year. He is an athlete of considerable
note In the East and enjoys a wide repu
tation as a gentleman rider. The young
cocple win stay at the Palace for a few
weeks and then embark ca a tour of the
East.
keep'-S the wishes of the con
tracting parti?*. Miss "California G~.
Mead*, tbe btawtifol das^bter of the late
George W. Meade and Mrs. Asa Meade.
was married resterdaj- to A. B. Adams of
New York. The quf*t ceremcay occurred
at the Dorchester en Satter street. Rev.
Frederick VT. CTa=ap«tt of TrtElty Epis
copal Chcrch cfSclatlr:?.
The E=arrla?e was the happy resnlt of
two years" ccurtship, which be?an*ir3sie
d!ate!y after Mr. Adams* first visit to San
Francisco. It was the original plan of the
yocng couple to celebrate their weddi=s
la a more fcnsal macer acd at a future
date, bet the business cngaceiaents of
the grooa. made his stays on the coast
encertatn. and. finally, after hla recent
rerem frcci New York, the fair fcrtde
£ave way to his pleadings \ and yester
day's cfireEscny was hastily prepare for.
Mrs. Adams Is widely "ksewn in ti:*
dry and Lcs Angeles, the last named city
bete? her birthplace and the scene of,. her
late father's business undertakings. When
he died Mr. Meade left Qtrft* a fortune.
In which his two daughters share with
their widowed mother. In recent years
the Meades resided at 233 Sacramento
street, but lately, the mother and daugh
ters have been livics temporarily at the
Dorchester. Mrs. Adams. is a remarkable
attractive wacnan and highly accom
plished as a cassScian and a linguist.
She received her education, abroad. She
Is known also as a clever whip.
IN th* =r»?«=ce c* ozHr th» relatives
cf the bride asd triih. an titter dls
regard for all that inlyht appear
ostentatious, wfcfch was wholly la
Positions at St. Louis
Are Soon to Be -
Allotted.
Husband Says His Wife
Is too Strenuous for
Him.
A. B. Adams Quietly
Marries Miss Califor
nia G. Meade.
PESCE FORSAKES
THE M'CORMICKS
COUNTY SPACE
TO BE ASSIGNED
XEW YORK MINEXG MAX AXD
HIS CHARMING CALTFORXIA "
BREDr^
THE SAN FB A K CISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY. OCTOBER 28, 1903,
5
HIS BRIDE
A NATIVE
DAUGHTER
.- * - V- v ADVEXTISEXENTJL
S^ SSk B^^aJ^B^^ Is the joyof tfce boasehoid, for ¦withocS
Wdj& §§m KSsf ikI ' it no I»ppin=ss caa be cosaplete. H:-v
E^a h*S TI 6^ sweet tie p-cture c: rr.oiher and babe.
*« : '"™ '^Bki W Jf&^ thoughts aad aspirations of the mother
18 fag 9 g| EP btadiag ortr the cradls. The ordeal throcgh
W W jrj g m m «i which the expectant KOtber must p^ss, ho-w-
she looks forward to the hoar when she shall
feel the exquisite thrill of motherhood with iadescribahle dread and
fearv. Every "wotnaa shoald kzswthit the daager, pain and horror
of child-birth can i be entirely aroided by the use of Motber*s Friend,
a scientific^liniment for external use only, which toughens and renderi
pliable all the parts, and «¦ _in_
great crisis in perfect safety # -
and without piiu. Sold at |i.oo per M §?^
bottle by druggists. Our book of prtcsl^sa f-j gL &ga r! I?
raloe-to all women' sent free. Addres* | p \(\^ n s-t M'Vi rvrj
BRAJSriELD REGULATOR CQ m Atlamtm, Ga. H BQCSaHeBSi'
irEW ADVEBTTS ETff KNTS
THZ PIMPIX ALL
In Cionis Cried, Give TJs Nerrbro's
Herpidde.
Tfci« word of late tas b**a Ia every-
(te's Eoatt. and rnarLT ar* wondering
what th* word st&nIS**. ttotx^h no one
lias yet be*a fotmd who will d<?ny that
NT-rsVBRO'S KERPICIDE dws« tn* worlc
WtlL for tte tnfonaatfon of tiiousaada
of p«e«7>Ie who liie to know all abont a
n>-x3 thtnf. we wonld say that KERPI-
dDE rzpzns a destroyer or killer of
-Herpes." Now '-Herpes" Is the famOy
case of a disease caused by various
ves^tatle parasites. A similar microbe
tstztsts dandrsS. itching scalp and fall-
fns- ha!r — this is the microbe that XETW-
BRO'S 1IEHPICIDE promptly destroys
aft^r whJch the hair prows. Sold by
leadtzjr d rarest?. Send l»c la starsps
for sample to The Herpicide Co.. De-
troit. Mica.
CASTOR I A
Por Inputs and ChildrezL
The Kind Yob KaT3 Always Bought
Bears t2io /I? //f>, "7^
Sigsatxre cf C&Z?*/i£7c6&&tAi{
. ' JBB***. fist. YiiP*. fitshty far Mea.
jMF "TtV atORMoX iSl?HOi*S PILLi
/*i5S— »_?S^ bare bevc" ta sac c.er Sfty
M*fJZ* pf vZik y««r» ty c!k I»i>i-r» cf :i«
PNgp^^j|W JtctT=cn Cfccrrh a^i th^:r
ei^^STsQi I :::«•«. it?. Pc?'.tiTe-7 r-ir» ti«
STir^HfiSa worst c*s^s in cti i^rf j-ocs^-
K^lVra *risi2C frcn eC-«3 cf t'li-
M^gJ'.'KSf *-^ ? *- dlasl5«tioc eir*s«»* cr
. elcarette sn^klrz. Ccrs Iy^%t
iiishood. IaiaotdCT. L*»t
Fewer. Nlr!i; L.i«5<-f lisorr;-
ria. ir'a:=J tn Back. Em Desire?. L*=- Back.
•Cervoca DefcSitjr. H-*ia»-^-. UaStaen t» ilar-
17. Ijm» rf Seta*i. Vartcwnfie cr Cca-
rtrrattoc Stop Ner *^ fj vocs Twttrttax a!
ttttOs. E2*cw *r« J^ J!?^ t=E=«ai«te. Iiajart
njer aad powa=T.*' K<1 '' s £e rrerjr fcaeticc.
Xms'S *-• *e«;«-iC'i*=.:. & t^r» U xt baad. R«-
ti# tr»!a a=«S nerr« e«ster»: 50c s boa; « far
J2 S>> t y —\il A vrtttsa nanst»* to cur* er
Tsmrr r*faa*rf witfc « haM. Ctrcolar« fr»!«.
\41rrw EtSaOP KE3IEDT CO-. *» Enia »t_
s»q Fisaciaonk CaL ORAXT DRUG CtX. 33
-E» |fr»S^^^Si^^ :/ When the kidneys go wrong one is sick all the *
«1* 1 1 1 5^^^^[^^®L__ time— "Aiwaysailing." Many aches and pains make £
m b i \M *^ — ' life a bu r^ en ~ nea<lacnes '. sideaches and back- £
•$ UST &-^^^? =:=:::^ :^ : aches, hip pains, back pains, side pains and groin *
r* pains wear on the nerves and tax the energy of the >
£+ 5 \^jC*^ strongest. Keep the kidneys well, help them — £
-& J^&*^z£±r* 2& I stimulate them when they become sluggish and you *
A '/? A%S^fes5^«^U sre free from aches and safe against the numerous *
$t ilis th3t follow k»-" e > neglect. Dosn's Kidney Pills i
K ilr&". r 3?TgK^^^ cure a II disorders of the Kidneys and Bladder, £
X " i^f^HJ/ Dropsy, Diabetes, Bright's Disease. £
I SAN FRANCISCO PROQF.~| j
¦& Mr*. C. Derail, of C Derrrell. employed on the a np ; j C-^ «
A v.-harf. and residing: at 11 Alask* place, ?ay5: "I have had r^ I 1 Idl 1 1 CC £
£ n:ore or less trouble with my kidneys for nfteen years, my J0 $u FHUG|SG0 WLL EEAQEES. *
back aching at tirres so that I could neither sit. stand nor lie _
in any comfort. When in the acute stage I had sinking ft ~~~ _ $ £
T spells, u-as -.-. -z..-:. :2::e: energ>- and often felt as ::" I would /&J&£k./D03n$ ]&VV -
"& totally rollapse. If I for a few minutes when I re- &( s£S&[Kldn& U$S& '
cainec an upright position I grew so dizzy I could scarcely gjli^rl p.*// J* E|g§| ' ' *
& stand, and, despite the fact that I was continually taking W^SKcTw «"f. § |!jjf *
£, medicine from physicians and using standard remedies, I I £
grew worse in place of better. I had ray little faith in ¦ ! J
*^ Dean's Kidney Pills v.-hen I first commenced their use. but | «*««e . j fl
after a few ca'vs of the treatment they must have acted oa t p. o _ \-.*l
<% my nervous svstcm as well as the kidneys, for I was able j state — p*3
JL. to «-!eeD at n:~nt oeacefullv — something I had been unable to ; rer &*• t^rt b«. ««3 *i« owsm *» ] £
do xor a tons time. I most neartiiv recommend uoan s ' r^« » =«Sf«£i »r.« «it«« « i^a. , - -j
|; Kidney Pills. / ;l ""^ f
THE KSEP^BTOai. i TILE E2CPOEnj3C | 3E E3£POaiTJ3X.
V . 5
;fc* EttUre StOCk All kimds of X£xUiJs jor Holiday Fatrr tier*. Hivs vcn«-a'i ; U=- S
*; O/ IndhM • J/< "' onmplsU^stoa w /o=r«. O«/jr7 aw** /a.V«r«. b . c -- as .-^ . b d u? . 3 |
¦ * J^cscfftr^ay*? /VS' a^ *- "- • ........ -*
v5 OStSKGMSm ~/AZs> S&mm^ fim.s* £ * mm **^ •"- :r: L ~~- - ; " 1: -
if fi / anfate ,e^ %ffi£mi0oUUM r*4r4-dl
I J at Half Price B j^ J c J
*t This Wf&Qk* \A\^^j^m^^^^^tuy-[ r i 7 r n i i • r ' 'i nn" m.-; C p.
|| . Fancy Ribbons at Half Price %
'< *l (Sales Tables — center cisle.) !*
\* A thousand pieces of fancy all-si Ik Ribbons secured by vs al abou! oac-hal! '*
;g vndcr import price from one of the foremost importers of French and German H\o- 5
I* bons, who wished to clesn up hisentire stock of novelties, are on sale to-dav 9
I $ ihe same ratio of reduction at which we bought them. They are just the kinds of ribbons you will \ ;?
i j£ want for your Christmas fancy work, for dainty neckwear, ties, sashes, etc. | J
! $ Fancy, prislcd SaOa TaScta Raboa — Wiirh* 40 aad 60; pijfa Wh2e Fsnej Worrca and_ Corded Sihbai;— 5c^- " a | £
I fg tincy prmtta all-si!k Tafict* acd othsr wcarc*. ia 5 plaid elfrcts; prinrrd saii& asrra. pr:s:ri :*~V:ij. »ri t
* to 4j< icch widihs, vahrcs np to 2^c per f J9m% Lctasiass, ta tridria rsrrirg izsza 4* j :a 6 *
• Ik 1 vizd — to-dar : 1^. m*T%2 ' «».; hJji-din arrc'r"«. wtrtSca» ;zcztni.,zy-i** ~ ¦ ** 1 jc
! ? • 1 *
I Dressy Rain Coats Sale Sample Line I
I* For Drossy women Muslin Underwear I
* Stylish Rain Coats, thoroughly a manufacturer's sample line of mus- 1
\S ¦ - >s 7y waterproof and natty enough Hn underwear 3t a third or more under ;5
IS forwearonriicedaysas regular prices in the muslin wear de- :?
IS >^C^ well as wet ones. The partment, second floor, to-day. 3
>pjy%^y popularity Of thlS Style Tie csCeOKa ia«aca scw=s <-->*«, csar? cttct rri {
? i i r^STX coat for the* comincr d «f' iB *-« 1L t f =^0=^*^^-^;^^
i«f ¥4 /V/A sea5On »s remarkable. .. clsm^ * 8c ==C « TO ,* o %
V Wr^V^/3 A W.trr-Prccf Coat faav s). Jf ,. aj Wo 9!«*«=i 65c J
* 11 V* V miCt ° **** E2i: « ro ' J1.4; pnra 880 *r.*cirr»CT SffC J
'* • • ti V eis:ac isagdi. sctticciKc $s.zj &bzs B5c '-- «**t cotct /4o *
f [j \\ Wa^r - Proof Ccrcrt Coits — CVUrtai tad fasfaats' W«t Dtkks- Nj^s^oi x^l^^.zA, jj
f^i ri \ \ JlC.Q? *0 ... £20.00 f n-ar.ia*rTT aai Ixe traaat«; a "jl-jt rir^rj ct Ciffc* wheh w« bavs x
fc T \\- \\ Miss «\ MackiaIoste — Co!crs 25c, 4Sc, SSo, $/.34, 5/^95 {
* /^ \ W I=<1 !. 7 k J 2 21 This hi includes both long and skcrt dresses. %
* ft! i M and ..$3.45 * \%
>S /I" \\\« Women's MaeteUodxs— Thf* (2z*m&f*f *
j vg..»L>< , 3. 9 j, cp to 57^5 Lowest Prices Yet i
Second FIooj — -/rent. Ia thi grra: Anoca! Sals of Carpus w: o£^ onlj :hr -J
jf ~™" ~^ "^ ¦— ¦— ¦—^^—^_ — i—— i— __ bexz. susdard csakzs. ia ere choica:, soj: cp-:o-dz:s j«
J, Bbm^Smm n^m 0±m_-_ - + pxzxzzs ssd a£o62{. lad errs xz the &rfsr c=r prices we zjttt » '5
[ «r itatny Hay AMtrtS sex. Urn* end la? Item xilhc*i extra charge. ;,
\i Walimg Skira of B «ck and Oifbrd Ccrrio:, correctlT Sasfcrd's ic-wse Tapctrj— yard 5/.O0 J
* g~ggg|g^!« «3.9« ; >^ s A T^L^..":.-;::-.s/f#| i
1 ...,..' * ' / * " < 2 .ioRoT a !B=achirWi:t 3 a» 2
[» Stra— Vinous i^ cj. in Mtltoc*. Cfctrba <i. 5 o Bigdcw AxarcK=r» $1.78 S
* 2nd Ma'i Weir Miinaa; « £as & R f% f% Ji.6? Roja! Wil:o= Velxets $1.37 I
% wjorsam:; cxctrptioaal ralc= at . . &%?*WU $lS - s^hh*, ,=d Sasford's Exra V-!t S 3 . .$f.65 *
! t Second tlcor— front % 1.65 Lowe!! Axnirjtrrs . . T . . . .- . .$1.37 £
I Annual Sale High Grade ~.^^^- H |
f Our furniture is substantial and handsome. It combines |> *
*; i:^acdvrn-« cf czslzz, ;ic;";zc; of material, bc=:i:r of coaJrrzcdso, dcrabilitj *=d 'j^ ¦ij_jLrLgi^^4p *
>- prri:c: ccsforr. We was: all cf :h= prop"; o r Sis Frircuco aad ricirirr :a k-^w 5zi^E!^>-"^ "^^^7.^^ '^
*Ssa: f :^>i rir~nrr »; «!!, »ad zz iziz tzJ. Litt iaaayxrascd ti- si; sal: ac* ia ef Jg:ti% rrdscis^ ecr t * ' " ±. 35 *? \ "f tt\ \
J» ilrraiy far i;jirt=:r^: ccr; pricrj, ci i: =rirr=: »-i £=- mirf, is :i;t Eaatasca r.^T ca--eiirf. Tj J Hi I* ' ' ' V I ' ' * * '
; ii7 »j s-.-::s » :>* cfth- n'- prirrs c= S:cr:^j"« »ii M-rsl Brii. N> « i «1 J j |S1 •*
V J::c.coE:j-jT»b 3<ti, zc-m fi L- . $143. 5O Jn,"- =¦= G.^= Oii Si; Ecsri .. .f Q2 00 JJUit ¦*¦ J— i+LJ Li_ii- J
V r-« .« Ts2 iM Brw. B*tj r^s»rt u S127.5O f15-.ee A=r*=7 Oii S?sr Board . ..$108.65 E^>*. 1
*. «i=5-co " » « S89.6O 5-6.' 5 = G:^=i OJt 53= z E««ri . . .$68.25 "1 pTT rtttt<T4 ftfl^i* 2
V JSo.co •« « " {66.75 5:=-=c " » •• " . . .357.25 f iiLj M ? 1 -I' «
* •*:' :a " " " $41^5 Si*$.ooMaicja=jS« Bori . .. S119.OO jmBSS g SE^IM^l «
» $5T5Cri2lii.Si»=»Iii3*4, n4>^tt«.5J9,5O <;=c =: G^'ir'. Oa'< 5 i; 3^ri . . .$153. SO V 3g5g*tttaSBK BBafc *
V ?4=-co «« " «• : $33.75 S;==o Wnrh— <i O.k: Sit Beam .. $39.15 tf^S^^^slS&ij^S^ J
tf J 3 :.5o " " » » $27.5O *>S.oo » --Bbffit $49.75 \ B S fi 5
; * 533-co " 4 i •« " $21.65 J75.00 GoSiea Oak EiSit ..... S62.5O • * I a *
l:3.co," . " •« " $16.68 >>s-5= Astwsrp Oak Bc^t, is »?rr errrrr jcrt § J .«
J 516.53 » " " " $14.85 tfccwa a F cr=r- 539^0 f J
». Second Fleet — rear. x
ij — — ™— — — —^— —^^^^— i—^— — — _^_^— — __ «
f il Sa/e of Card Engraving Crockery Depart" i
§ o^^on trionnat At CutPrioes ment Sales To-Day 5
g German Flannel Beginning to^ay and for a At 9c 1^^- \
l * To-day only two cases Of few days only we wiU again take each 7^r%£t^7Totoz I
2 ike ¦richly colored Gimsaa Eider- your engraxing orders for cards, D«hc*-£« isnraria «--sL«, d«r «i J
'5 , a * ._ ,. * wedding invitations, etc., at s»r^aa-. Chin* Aajj— r«s «;=,wi!» crsey •
fg dovm fiianel for wrapper., haonts, about half the prices that ex- J^t *«««5o«, k*^ fa di3i« « «» *
| w^, etc., ia . fell range cf color- elusive stationers would charge S^^.'SC^^S^'al' 5
(5 icgand pretty eSscti, »t the Ktherto 5^ Tbs T 0^ ta » _ -. „ «.- -' ** C -2
fc . uzatird o: price lor ti;3t &f* c " * r -" = a -^'"-- «i W? ;i^: fe- lii?-;, r»3 p-rtrr rii -!r»rr fctir-n. Ai *
'5 gc<>^»» 7»»J- • . . ; i . . . **** Et« crim takia rfaraj tia ta^ i-k?ct pteea s» aU. &t $6m75 m
j J. ' fiiiaa Am. Dinner Sot — HaT2aad Ctl=a, stia -d «
«f PlaJCQ Colored FimndetlCS icoCasi aadP^a— XucsocIt, a»erbt, r»i kaa£«, tirr« £Sss= <isccra^sx. *
J red, cream, e:c, color* that you gen- pj,^ Q4i Ea^sh, fcr. . . / . $1.75 Od*r cria cf HaT5a=d Ciia « c? a x
If erailr pay I2^c per yd. for, kere iso cirii aal Pia— Tirud Old Eaj&is, J
S to-day caly So =*=« caslr . . $2.25 Section 22— right. J
S Center aisle. .... - - - - Groceries, Liquors 1
I"C __,._. . _ , . -:„ i«> WeiCsj Lxrfcasaa-Rn^arfT Js; Wednesday and Thursday \
; £ Ooiaj Foaaeb-Ia &acr ktk^, =x*i«a $18.5O Bot Eastoa la«(— 3-S. t£=a . . . 3^O :?
g asiCjH:cdan,ti efS »ik a i, T «.-i.a^o Section 21— lejl. P.arGne-1-a- ?«kar». 3 ?«ka^25o
2> VovsnVabtn^s — lafascr «.-{;«, rr!2 sis- ' MaoUJvrsp— Laj CaiLs, ecus be^sr. J
¦ J> Ear ofccp {txxb, wrf. . . . ". f&y TeBCllQrS 9 Bibles 346, }i-t*» 5Sc. t&- - . S1.1O x
g b.^^^r^pfcHb^rans,^, A few hundred Wustrated Teach-
I if narrvfeack, ere, yari . . . . . *5o ers' Bibles— the Old and the «jTT\ './47c S
if. Scotch Tecaa-Tfcr-alKalaiiiailscIoK New Testaments, according Ctett, E3dn A.U-WcrJ» &^^= two J
J wcrea nakc«, &acr aad icQi cabin, yari w *«=«««* »«»«, Vtzehs with a *it* «te s«?, p- - _. - - 37YtC M
8 White EmbrcKtodFUnaels-A^^- C ? B^S^iS I SS£ I
s ; ig^SS^ff^S^ l^^fe^2^il tJX£SSw?SE?SZ |
* Scotch Vaktiaj Flaaacb— Kae hri3. siS: I*» F»^ *=---- WbHky - Oa C.-s^w cr Hsaiijs. giL jj
Rrb«% 36 ia. wid;, yard. . . . . 50O • ¦ Can • Satsttfar we ¦ w31 leasr thos B3L-» fjic.V^fc 7SC "*
** wk^ yser e«bs &«= of cbarjr. Tiirabcie wfcsiira ars fc«sJ» clicks ocd J
jf Section u — left. Scctum'21—left. Eocica. (Secf&isri—rigAt.) #
V ' ' p .'
ADVuETTSz^rzzrrs.
| : j IS THE MARK OF ||j
\A/. T. HESS.
IT .-tirr Public tz.i Attsrs.e7-a.t-ZAW.
POLITICAL CARDS.
\
For
Mayor
HENRY J, CROCKER
Republican
Nominee
|For Poblic Admlnistrator|
William E, Lutz
Republican Homineej
For Tax Collector
Edvsrd J.
SMITH
(ZN'CUMEEXT.)
Rganfor Republican Nominee
For Assessor: -
For Sheriff
Henry H. Lynch
Republican Nominee
For Sheriff
Peter J. Curtis
Democratic "icm;n:t
Ini&a Ui;r Ptfty .%oraw«e.
DYSPEPSIA
"H«t*bc takea ysry wvsiertxl timwU" ftw
casarzh mad ,i j« y*y« t *.l :ii="t s ww< ef prmlse U
I kiT» i«x«a x-sjsmt* oti«r •o-««Ued. nm<til«»
bat wiSJioas arsil »si I i=.-i tilt: Cufircta r-I5»rt
mare ta a <i*r thaa. all ::j eii?r« I tax* tak«a
wouli in •'yesT.** i - ' - ¦ - — - .-
Jam*a XcGisa*. I» Xere«r Ss.. Jinej Cltj. Jf. J.
¦ m \*Jp TheBoweto ''--^ ¦ - ""
tow9£€S&QlO
PUasast. F»: itai>. Fetea^ 7u!» (ryy*. Sq Good.',
K«*wr s tei«s. Weaiea o- Grtys. We. ZZe.S*?. Se»er •
Gzans^e«ti to ears or r-" iBoaer oiii. .
SterEas Kecedy C«., Chicago er !».Y. «3«
AHSUALSALL TEH MILUOH BOXESFirit RelvKinr Exordia.
Wrist Movement.
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press. Clipping Bureau (Allen's) 2*0 Cal *
Xornia street. Telephone Main iwt •
A male individual, cruelly named Sharkey, was sent, hope
lessly insane, to an asylum a few days ago. Unfortunately
for a long-suffering public he was the wrong Sharkey.
Townsend's California glace fruits and
C fJli^ S k«? C a * poand . in artistic fire
etched boxes. A nice present for EasterW
friends. 715 Market sUabove clll bld| •
The end has come. John Alexander Dowie has said at
and the newspaper reporter, collectively ' and individually, is
doomed. No restoration talk is to be wasted upon him, no
hope is held forth to him and he is among the things un
clean. Emanating from such a source this decision may em
phatically be considered the first tangible encouragement
and. vindication which the reporter has received in many,
moons.
The London Westminster Gazette says:
"From the latest report of the British
commercial attache at Peking it may be
noted that the economic position of China
is being improved by the spread of West
ern' education and a markedly increasing
demand for foreign literature. This should
interest English publishers. Hitherto, we
imagine, they have mainly found a mar
ket—and only a limited one— at Hongkong
and the treaty ports. But if the China
men in the great cities of the interior are
beginning to buy English and other for
eign books infinite possibilities may re
sult." . • •
Books in China.
Optimism. .
Dis worl' is curious ez kin be.
In SDite er glad bells chlmm';
De bes* fruit's highest on de tree.
En some ain't bo'n for cllmbln'i
But. 'taint no use ter stop en sigh
Whilst still de race ter win. sun-
Even ef de ripe fruit hang too high'
Des shake down what you kin." sun*
— Atlanta qonstltutlon.
Fred Nlblo, manager of the Four Co
hans and other attractions, recently en
gaged a press agent who undertook to
"make good" by securing the publication
of a story regarding his employer. His
first effort concerned Mr. Nlblo's son,
who was credited with having made some
exceptionally clever remarks.
Mr. Nlblo read the story over carefully.
"How do you like it?" asked the new
press agent.
"Very good," was the answer, "but I
wculd like to make one change in it."
Mr. Nlblo took a pencil and changed
the age tof the boy from eight years to
two months.
"But," interposed the press agent, "a
two-months-old baby can't talk."
"Can't help It," said Niblo. "You see.
I was married only a year ago."— Boston
Herald.
A Little Previous.
THE litigation by Mr. Bryan to take from the Ben
nett family of Connecticut a legacy of $50,000 will be
a cause celebre. Mr. Bryan appears as his own at
torney. The lawyer for the Bennetts made a legal argu
ment covering the law as applied to the estates and property
of decedents. Mr. Bryan in rejoinder said that the attorney
for the family failed to comprehend the fine sentiment of
the transaction, jand was influenced by the fact that he is a
gold Democrat and is opposed to Mr. Bryan's politics!
It is the policy of the country to guard legally the es
tates of the dead, to give them lawful distribution, and to
guard them from that very "sentiment" in the testator upon
which Mr. Bryan bases his claim. Sentiment is what leads
to undue influence in the devising of property. It was
shown in the testimony that Mr. Bryan had concealed from
Mrs. Bennett the fact that her husband had willed money
to Mrs. Bryan; because it would be distasteful to her to
have her husband's 'estate divided with another man's wife.
On the face of it -Mr. Bryan is making a sordid attempt,
in an indelicate manner, to get his hands, on money that he
never earned, and his only claim to which ;lies.in the fan
atical prepossession for him of a stranger who was capti
vated by his extravagant political theories and his arts of
persuasion. If Mr. Bryan have any explanation to make
that is consistent' with ethics, professional or- personal, it
is at present somewhat overdue.'
BRYANTS LEGACY.
"Parrots? No. there Isn't a great- d«v
raand for parrots any more,"' continued
the dealer. "A man from Mount ' Airy
came in the other day with a fine-looking
bird, which h© said was a goocl talker,
and. sold it to me cheap. I know the na
ture of parrots pretty well, and when this
one failed to show off Its accomplishments
I attributed it to the natural stubbornness
of the bird. But day after day went by.
and it never uttered a sound. All it would
do was to sit on its perch and gesticulate
with its feet, making all sorts of fantastic
motions with Its toes. About a week later
'the man who bad sold it to me came in.
'I thought you said that parrot you sold
me was a good talker,* I said. 'It hasn't
shown any evidence of It. All it doos la
to sit and wriggle its toes.' "That's all
right,' said the Mount Airy man. 'it was
raised in the deaf and dumb asylum." "—
Philadelphia Record.
A "Dummy" Parrot
Cattle bells a-tlnklln'.
Silver frost a-sprlnklin' ifeEjjfl
Spicy-like, an' sweetenin' all the ground!
—Atlanta Constitution.
Partridges a-callln*,
Hick'rynuts a-fallln'.
Country jest a-smilin' all around;
Fall.
An unconfirmed story has come from Servia that the as
sassins of King Alexander and Queen Draga have been
given as financial compensation for their bloody crime sums
ranging from $400 to $10,000. • For the sake of even Servia,
the nation of regicides, it is to be hoped that the stories of
this new horror never will be confirmed.
s» The child's unconscious Inclination will
be td help you raise the arm, and also
to help you drop it. To obviate this tell
him to ra'se both arms unaided by, you,
then fling them limply down at his sides,
as if he were very tired and could not
hold them up. Try this experiment with
your own arms several times, until you
feel the relaxation of your muscles.
Then get him to do it a few times with
you, until his motions are entirely free
from constraint. Children think this a
Joke and enter into the spirit of it without
any trouble, if made to feel that It is
"just for fun."
When you have tried this several times
take his wrist lightly in your hand again.
Turn his head away, so that he cannot
see how far you are going to raise his
arm, or when you are going to drop it,
for if he is watching you he will uncon
sciously help you as before.
Now raise his arm, very slowly, holding
hit as lightly as possible, so that you
max detect the slightest inclination to push forward or hold back on his part. "When
you have slowly raised the arm as high as his head, release it suddenly. If it Is not
perfectly relaxed it will stay in the upraised position an instant after you have
ceased to touch It before it drops down. Impress It upon him that he must neither
raise the arm nor drop it, but that you are going to do all the work in' this game
you are playing. ". ¦ . •' ¦ ¦
Be very careful that the wrist ascends In a perfectly straight line each time. It
is of the greatest importance.
When this exercise has been tried with both arms until they have become abso
lutely limp and relaxed, for thevtlme being.' place the right arm and hand lightly
on the table, with the palm of fj>e hand and the fingers touching the table. The
hand must be perfectly flat, but with fingers and thumb spread loosely.
I Next draw the thumb (or first finger, as it is called in music) in toward the palm
of the hand, curving its joints as much as possible without at the same time caus
ing discomfort. Be careful not to move the other fingers or the wrist at all. In
drawing the thumb toward the other fingers all the movement is started at the top
of the thumb— that Is. the end of the thumb describes a wide half circle and the
two. Joints merely follow the lead of the end of the thumb. 'V;''
Now, leaving the thumb resting lightly almost on its tip, draw the other fin
gers slowly end lightly toward it. raising the joints and the wrist gradually at the
same time until the fingers each rest lightly on their very tips. Be sure as the
hand stands thus that the first Joint of each finger Is as nearly vertical as possible,
and that the thumb retains the position gained by Its half-circle movement— 1. e.,
the end resting;on its left side near the top of the point of the nail. V* .'.¦' •'
It is difficult to get the first joint of the little (or fifth) finger to stand exactly
vertical, but the nearer vertical it is the better. When the first joints are thus
properly placed the hand will be in perfect position for playing— in other words,
the fingers, from the tips of the nails upward, will describe an .arch of which the
third knuckle of the middle finger will be the topmost point. The wrist will be Just
a trifle higher than the top knuckle when viewed from the side, the tips of the fin
gers will" rest lightly on the table and the elbow will swing free- from It two inches
or so. "¦'':¦ / • ;-' >-¦_; -.
Be careful not to raise the wrist too high nor to drop it. Let it stand easily In the
aforementioned relation to the knuckles. This exercise is called "hand-shaping."
As soon as the position is perfect let the child try his relaxing exercise again.
Do not be discouraged if his muscles tighten persistently at first. It is only to
be expected, particularly as soon as he tries to do something . with them, as in the
hand-shaping. Tfte difficulty will soon disappear, however, and to aid it here is aji
cther exercise:
Place the little pupil's hand and arm in
playing position once more, and, holding
his wrist lightly, slowly move it in a cir
cle. As the wrist describes the circle the
' fingers follow it, the shorter ones even be
ing raised a trifle from the table as they
follow the motions of the wrist. Here,
again, the whol© aim is to relax the mus
cles, and arm, elbow and fingers must be
limp and receptive, merely following the
motions of the wrist
Get the child to center his thought on
the wrist as much as possible, and be
sure that it is the wrist that leads the
motion and not the elbow, as is very apt
to be the case unless the exercise is
watched very carefully. At the end of
each revolution the hand and arm must
be in playing position. * '
"Every moment or two let the child rest
• his right arm and try the left, letting him
get up and move around the room oc
casionally to relieve the tension-
Do not keep him at any of ( these ex-
tl 0 * 1 ? 1 ? 8t a tUng: •.'ew. minute.. at a tima Is long enough, but! th«y
•hould be tried every day. and on no account should any detail be omitted
(The Second Lesson Will Appear la Next Wednesday. Issue.)
Sand-Shaping Exercise — Perfect
Playing: Position.
THE Modesto Herald indorses the proposition made by
Engineer Nourse to the auditing board of the Com
missioners of Public Works for the closing of the big
sloughs in the Tuolumne River, near the river's mouth and
on the San Joaquin River at points in Stanislaus County. It
is declared by the Herald that "the closure of these
sloughs is of great importance to the people of this county
and to all sections tributary to the Northern San Joaquin."
Engineer Nourse's report contains the statement that
the action suggested by him must result in improving the
channel of the San Joaquin River. Confined to the river
proper, he says, the water will scour out a comparatively
deep channel through existing bars. He finds that the San
Joaquin River is seven feet deep at a point directly above
the influence of the sloughs, but is only two feet deep just
below. The engineer was directed to make a specific and de
tailed report. This has started discussion on the part of
those who have interests to be affected. The Modesto Her
ald argues at some length:
"It is not so much the commerce carried, but the fact
that the waterway is available for commerce that renders the
matter of importance, its influence on freight rates saving
us a large sum annually. This is strikingly illustrated by
comparison of the freight rates to Modesto and to Living
ston, twenty-eight miles south of Modesto. The general
rate to Modesto., let us say, is $1 20; to Livingston it is
$2 20. A general merchandise firm operating at Livingston
made big wages with its teams last fall by hauling -from
Modesto to Livingston by wagon the goods that were
brought to Modesto by rail. The Valley road is not the
influencing factor, for that road approaches nearer to Liv
ingston than to this city. It is the fact that we can land
freight here by water, during several months in the year
that affords us this advantage. Freight rates on grain from
the west side in particular and a portion of this side are in
fluenced by the same consideration." .
In conclusion the Modesto Herald has to say that- "the
State should close the larger of these sloughs and the land
owners will then attend to the smaller. It is worth hun
dreds of thousands of dollars to that part of the valleytrib
utary to the Upper San Joaquin River that the waterway be
kept open for commerce."
Rail freight rates in California are undoubtedly kept
down by water competition. This is demonstrated to the
satisfaction of many localities where there are navigable
streams. Low rates to the interior are important to large
distribution centers like San Francisco, having a trade in
the interior to ; maintain^. They are of "equal importance to
the . farmers whose products are seeking market.
SLOUGHS AND COMMERCE.
"Those were great days on the upper
Mississippi River," he said, "when the
first steamboat In springtime was looked
forward to a3 one of the great events of
the year. To be frozen in all the winter,
except for communication by stage once
or twice a week from the outside, and
then to have navigation opened for the
spring and summer rush were times not
to be forgotten by the people who lived
on the river. I remember one winter I
lived at Hudson, Wis.. on the Mississippi.
The river there usually froze over about
the 15th of November and remained in
that condition until around April 15. There
were no railroads, and the hauling of
freight for so many miles overland was
too difficult and the cost too great to be
thought of. Consequently we arranged in
the summer for the long winter seige. As
April came around the betting on the first
boat began. Talk about betting on Presi
dential elections. From a local standpoint
the Presidential election fever was noth
ing compared to that of the coming of the
first boat, because the arrival of the first
boat to get through the ice meant com
munication with the outside world and a
fresh supply of new things In the stores.
Everybody bet on the first boat, and lots
of money changed hands on the date."
In these days of lightning express
trains, autos and dirigible balloons It is
hard to realize that within the memory of
living men portions of the now populous
East were as shut oft from the world as
are some of the remote Alaskan cities
nowadays. Assistant Secretary of the
Treasury Taylor recently grew reminis
cent of early Wisconsin days to an East
ern newspaper man.
Isolated Wisconsir\.
The Flathead Indians on a Montana reservation have
revived the whipping post for certain offenses and have
found it to be notably of advantage. Perhaps the Flatheads,
casually observant of conditions among us, have recognized
the necessity of this institution and have decided not to wait
until they need it as badly as we do.
Now the galleries in the first and sec
ond class houses are well behaved and
the gods have retired to the wilderness of
the outlying theaters, where they still
exercise occasionally their time honored
prerogative of being judge and Jury of
the merits of the plays offered to their
criticism. ,
Often enough the criticism bestowed by
the gods was well deserved, and waa ex
pressed with so much good-natured wit
and irresistible humor that the rest of the
audience heartily enjoyed and appreciated
it, accepting it as one of the brightening
features of a sometimes dull performance.
At other times, however, when the godtt
were in an ugly mood, the manifestations
of their independent criticism were sea
soned with so much bitterness and accom
panied by such a display of rowdyism
that it became a disturbing factor, seri
ously interfering with the enjoyment of
the play by the lower parts of the house.
Attempts to suppress the gallery gods
were futile at first and only tended to
irritate and incite them, to more noisy
and disturbing demonstrations. Condi
tions became unbearable and in -the- end
the managers of houses catering to the
better classes found themselves facing tha
alternative of choosing between the gal
lery and the rest of their houses. It did
not take them long to make their choica
and the doom of the gallery god was
sealed.
The. gallery gods have had their .day.
says the Boston Herald, and the general
theater-going public will show little dis
position to regret that it has passed into
history. In the good, old times, when the
gallery gods ruled supreme, giving expres
sion to their approval or disapproval in
various ways characteristic to their tasta
and temporary mood, actors were In con
stant dread of Incurring the displeasure
of the topmost region of tile house.
Even men like Henry Irving, Edwin
Booth, Lawrence Barrett and Joseph
Jefferson were not spared by the gallery
gods, and many a time the effect of some
of their strongest and most impressive
scenes was destroyed by the pranks of th«
gallery. ".''.,¦."• . .
Passing of the God.
Thenceforward on the Journey the cap
tain was compelled to eat first from every
dish touched by the relatives of the elu
sive Filipino President, drank half of each
cup of water before his companions would
imbibe and smoke a portion of every
cigar which subsequently soothed the
tired brains of boy and grandmother on
their long trip to the metropolis. So
much haste did Captain Howland make
on his strange journey that he is always
known In the family of Aguinaldo as
"Senor Pronto" (the fast man). <,.-.
Captain Howland went to San. Fabian
in a hospital corps wagon and told Se
nora Fama of the wishes of the gTeat
"bianco general."
She readily consented to take the trip
and the party set out for Calaslao, whero
a special train was In waiting. The ofTl
cer soon observed that neither woman nor
child would eat or drink and he wa3
puzzled to find a cause for their strange
behavior. Coming to the hacienda of a
French mestizo near Dagupan, he told
the man of his troubles. The latter ex
plained that the senora must believ* that
the Americans wanted to poison her and
the child.
CAPTAIN CHARLES ROSCOE HOW
LAND, inspector of small arms
practice of the Department of Cali
fornia, tells an amusing story of the.dif
ficulties with which he was beset in tak
ing Senora Fama, mother of Aguinaldo,
from the province of Pangaslnan to Gen
eral Otis' headquarters In Manila in No
vember, 1S30.
The lady was accompanied by her four
year-old grandson, offspring of the illus
trious Insurrectionist.
"Just as they were about to turn away
to go to the next slab the Inquisitor man
let out a most dismal groan and sat up
on the slab with the sheet grasped about
his chin and his h»ad wagging shaKily.
"Well, there w..s the most unearthly
yell from the fishermen. They all tried
to get out of the door at once. They left
two pipes and a cap' behind" them and the
way those sea boots hit that pavement
down Kearny street to the Barbary Coast
was something to dream about."
THEY had just brought in a "float
er" from the bay. The reporters
were sitting around the stove up
stairs in the Morgue waiting for some
body to come and identify the thing
downstairs on the slab.
"Reminds me of a good story," said
the old reporter.
"You remember the fellow who used
to be on the Inquisitor several years" ago
—he got out of the business a while ago
and is making money now— tall, thin fel
low with a cadaverous face.
"Well, one very rainy day in the win
ter of '22, when I was on the Morgue and
police beat with him, • they brought in
an ' Italian fisherman who had been
drowned in the bay. In order to identify
him the deputies went down to* Fisher
men's wharf and got a bunch of six or
eight Italians to come up to the Morgue
and view the body. The Inquisitor man
tipped off his hand to me and as the
fishermen hove in sight around the cor
ner he slipped down to the room below.
I told the deputy that since he was busy
I would take the Italians downstairs and
show them the body.
"I met the Italians and took them down
to the room. As they lumbered in with
their great sea boots stomping on the
Jloor each Dulled off his cap and crossed
himself. l' turned on the lights and there
on the first slab twith a sheet drawn up
to his chin and his cadaverous face drawn
and set, lay the Inquisitor man.
"I drew back, the curtains and they
gathered around in awesome silence.
Nov.', as you sit beside him. hold his wrist lightly in your hand (your hand be
ing above his) and raise his arm in a perfectly straight line about as high as hi3
head; then drop it, allowing it to fall as it will. This is the first exercise for relax
ation of the muscles.
Place the child at an ordinary table and be sure that the chair he occupies brings
him at the proper level— that Is, see that his arms are the same height in relation to
the table that they would be in regard to the keyboard were he seated at the piano.
His elbow should be about three inches above the table to allow a full sweep of
the arm, for we are going to use the table as an Imaginary keyboard Just at first,
until the child's flncers are in readiness for the piano. ' %
The first rtep Is to get the little hands ready to play.. The exercises I am going
to give.. for this preparing process are of the utmost importance and must be fol
lowed out in every detail, whether they seem to be necessary or not.
Now;Tor the lessons themselves:
Right here I wart to warn you that many people who know nothing of music
<or a very little, which is worse) will say: "What la the use of technique? It will
tend to make your child's playing mechanical!" They know not whereof they speak.
No tr-chnicrae ever made any on?% playing mechanical if properly applied, as every
cr:e who really understands the matter may see, for a knowledge of technique sim
ply makes one entirely Independent of technical difficulties, thereby giving the
pianist a chance to give full play to his musical feeling without Impediment.
• • •
And now one' last word to both parents
and children before we begin the lesson,;
Itself. Please believe that I am personally
intensely interested In each one of you, and as we work along together you cannot
be more anxious than I am that these lessons shall be of great benefit and that
thry will help ycu to look with knowing eyes into this great musical world that is
all around us. ....
(Sons Writer. Formcrlr Director of Music In the College of St John
the Baptist. New York.)
»T Is my purpose In these lessons to help children to
m gain a substantial knowledge of music In the shortest
M possible time, and In order to' do this I am going- to ask
both children and parents to co-operate with mo by giv
ing great attention, even to the smallest detail, and by mak
ing a perfectly fair trial of each exercise and, suggestion.
In my experience with children X hare found that the
precocious ones are not necessarily those who first reach
the goal; on the contrary, more often than" not, the chil
dren who hare been described to me as "slow" have proved
to be more successful musicians than those more brilliant,
- simply because the former have not had their precociousness
to depend upon, end have h*d to use patience, and perseverance in Its stead.
How a child may express himself In a truly musical way that will give pleasure
to others as weJl as himself is what I am going to explain in these lessons. For
mwlv if a child could "perform a little" (generally a few hymns) on "the Instru
ment"' (presumably a melodeon). he was considered to have mastered all that was
required of him in the musical line, and even now. In this enlightened age, if there
is any attempt at music in the home, it is apt to be of the tin pan variety, where
the principal aim of the performer seems to be to pound the poor, long-suffering
piano as loudly as possible, without the
least regard for tempo, rhythm, expres-v *
eion, or the lacerated sensibilities of the
listener, who has been polite enough to let
himself be beguiled into "hearing Georgie
play." ...
"Georgie," as a rule, is only too delight
ed to exhibit, but in spite of his willing
ness to "show oft," the moment he touches
the piano his fingers, wrists and arms be
come rigid from fright, and, having no
real foundation of technique or knowledge
of music to fall back upon, the result is
most disastrous. •' . ¦ *
Now, all this can be avoided, and from
the very first a child may be taught to
gain entire control over his fingers and to
acquire the beautiful, clear, "singing, le
gato touch" In former times mastered only
by professional pianists, and that after
years and years of hajd study. Surely it
is worth trying for. Isn't it? Particularly
when it is right within our grasp and re
quires nothing but patient attention. Inter
est and, above all, practice.
The younger a child begins, the better,
always remembering to keep him interest
ed in the proceedings.
By Anice Tcrhune.
Why the Italians
Bid Mot Identify
A Morgue Subject
Captain Howland
Is the Hero of an
Unrecorded Victory
*£ ¦ mu»r HESE Jag cures may be all right," said the old
• • W^ policeman on the beat, "but not for your Uncle
M Abner. Sort of eschew that kind of sledging for
me, as Tennyson remarks somewhere in his
pomes. In other words, cut it out.
"We were notified to look out for a boozomanlac from
one of these five-minute liquor cures the other night and
nearly all these gray hairs of mine are the result of it.
"I was standing on the corner when I sorter felt some
body behind me. I turned quickly and found a long, thin
guy with plenty of hair In his whiskers and a sort of hun
gry look in his bloodshot eyes and a cobblestone poised to
plunk me with.
" 'What are you going to do with that rock?' I asked.
" 'I have been commissioned to smite you,' says he. 'You
are one of the fallen angels.' ,
"Say, I was sure scared some. This fellow looked like a
cobra with muscular appliances to burp. I said to him,
kinder soft as it were, 'You've got the wrong dope. There ig a gazabo running
joint on the corner over there who is an Elijah without wings. Go over and muss
him up some and you will score a bullseye.'
"He took my advice and while he was crossing the street I rang in for the
wagon seven times. "When it arrived it took; four cops "and twenty citizens to con
trol the exhilarated gent. I lost an entire uniform.
"The funniest thing about It was that we found out this strenuous drunkard
was merely a prominent business man who had tried the jag cure and then scorned
it like a self-controlled man."
MR. LANE'S campaign is closing, as it began,, with
pyrotechnics in oratory. Himself a" partisan nomi
nee, in his latest speech he makes an appeal to non
partisanship for votes. In this appeal he lauded the Re
publican party and its illustrious leaders, known, he de
clared, for their genius and quality throughout the civilized
world, and "even in far Africa." ->uci
This geographical, globe-embracing argument and as
cription to the Republican party and its "great names will
no doubt suggest to Republicans that such a party is fit to
be intrusted with the government of San Francisco, where,
Mr. Lane admits, its voters and adherents are in a^najority.
If Ethiopia lift up her voice in praise of Republicans, San
Francisco should be willing to trust them to run her gov
ernment for two years.
Mr. Lane filed an explanation of his gray hairs, a sort
of plea in abatement, by declaring that he is only a boy in
politics, but that his election is necessary to put an end to
bossism in the city. Where are the bosses? Looking into
the literature of the campaign one boss is discovered. A
year ago he was revealed by Mr. Lane's morning organ, the
Examiner, which. refused to support Lane for Governor be
cause he was under Boss McNab. The McNab was then
presented by Mr. Hearst's paper as the most odious and
offensive boss that ever infested the town, the enemy of
labor; the foe of human peace, an epigrammatic monster
with the instincts of a cannibal and the predatory habits of
a bird of prey. Yet the hand of this kilted, curiosity in poli
tics was plainer in Lane's nomination for Mayor than when
he was nominated for Governor. Can the boss change his
tartan and swap his philabeg?
The same night that . Lane's oratory rolled around the
world from San Francisco *to the Dark Continent Mayor
Schmitz, who has developed oratory that runs neck "and
neck with Lane's, was using rhetoric as an art of persuasion
upon his fellow citizens in declaring that his is a fight for
the rights of the plain people, and that if elected he will
know no points of the compass; north and south will look
alike to him; he will cherish labor and capital as a hen
hovereth her chickens. He, too, asked his fellow citizens
to drop all partisanship and made a bid for Republican
votes. So at the Union Labor and Democratic corners of
the triangular fight the contest is a sort of auction. At
each the fact is recognized that the goods, the votes, are at
Crocker's . corner, in the hands of Republicans, and Lane
and Schmitz. bid against each other to get them.
•' This concession means that the decision of the contest is
with the Republicans of this city. If they resist the bids
and the blandishments of Schmitz and Lane, Crocker will
be Mayor. If they so stand, as present indications are
that they will, they will be joined by thousands of Demo
cratic and independent voters who are tired of hysterical
and hypnotic politics. They have seen the city govern
ment traded for unredeemed promises for\the last seven
years. .In the beginning 0/ that period they were told that
morally and politically San Francisco was in , a bad way
and the only medicine to set it right would be. found in
electing an anti-Republican Mayor. The bid was accepted
then, and has been accepted twice since, ftow they arc
told that the city is in a worse way than ever, and can" be
rescued only by again handing it over to the sarne rescue
party that, confesses to a three-ply failure.
The Digger Indians have a hard and fast rule about
doctors. When their medicine man makes three successive
failures to cure they save him from further chagrin by
taking him out in the chaparral and killing him. The
anti-Republican doctors who diagnosed the diseases of San
Francisco, and have had three chances at the patient, con
fess that they have three times failed. The people ought
to have as much sense as Digger Indians, and should
change doctors at least. No one will ask that they do
more than take the quack medicine men out into the man
zanitaand kill them politically. Physically we all wish
them well, and desire that they survive to enjoy good gov
ernment under Mayor Crocker and to rejoice with the rest
of us in the rise of that Greater San Francisco of which the
prophets have prophesied.
Mayor Schmitz says he wants to be elected Mayor for
the same reason that the United States went to war with
Spain, whatever that may mean. Lane cries, from the midst
of an attitude, "Let this be a non-partisan fight and give
San Francisco a government that all the world will point
to with pride and admiration," and appeals to his Repub
lican fellow citizens to have it so by electing him. Well,
please present the compliments of his Republican- fellow
citizens to all the world, as it stands ready and anxious to
point, with the information that they prefer to make San
Francisco the blushing object of. planetary attention .by
giving it Republican government under the leadership of
Mayor Croaker. Then in the seclusion of private life
Schmitz and Lane can settle their differenced as to which
was the incarnation of virtue, the avatar of a civic golden
age, and the heir at law of all the virtues.
THE country outside oi "the copper region of Mon
tana has heard with indifference the noisy litigation
long carried on there between rival interests claim
ing ownership in the rich deposits of the red metal. There
have Been decrees and counter decrees, charges of judicial
bribery and proceedings in impeachment; but now a de
cision seems to have been rendered by a district Judge
which includes all the" issues that were joined and con
cludes them, being the law in the case until it is reversed
by a higher court. , L ;
As £ result of this decision the party adverse, which
seems to have been in control of the properties, has closed
them all down, throwing out of employment many thou
sands of miners and other people supported in industries
collateral to copper mining, such as timbering, quarrying
limestone, burning brick, smithing and the many industries
necessary in the mining and smelting of the copper ores.
This has precipitated an industrial crisis upon Montana,
since it steps the earnings of the miners and the men in the
impinged occupations, and by shutting off the flow of money
for the necessaries of life into the channels of trade mate
rially abridges every activity of, the State.
Either the decision of Judge Clancy is good law or it is
npt. That can only be finally determined on appeal. To
an outsider it would seem the proper course for both par
ties to the. controversy to ask' the court to appoint a re
ceiver to take charge of and operate the property while the
several rival interests are undergoing final judicial ascer
tainment. The law cares for personal and property inter
ests in a manner consistent with the public peace when it
is properly invoked. Had a receiver been asked for and
appointed, the hullabaloo that is heard to the farthest
parts of the republic would not have been raised. Now,
however, the public peace is imperiled, and it is not pleasant
to read that the Judge who gave the decision has to have
a heavily armed bodyguard to protect him against the rage
of the idle miners. This can only mean that the Justices
of the Supreme Court will affirm his decision at their per
sonal peril, and raises a vision of the duress of justice in
that State that will not have a good effect upon its future
fortunes.
It must be said for the miners that they have offered
to buy the stock of the losers in the suit who are respon
sible for shutting down the mines, and a bank has offered
to furnish the money for that purpose. The price offered is
$500 per share, the par value being $100. To this Mr.
Heinze has replied with an offer to sell certain of the stock
at $200 and S35 per share, respectively, provided he is per
mitted to buy certain other stock at a price fixed by him
self. It seems, however, that the stock he wants is the cause
of the controversy, and his offer is declared to mean a
surrender of the rights of his rivals, which have been judi-'
cially confirmed. So that method of settling the issue is
abandoned. The police and guards are being doubled, and
the legal authorities are taking every precaution to protect
Surrounding States have an interest in the controversy,
since it may result in thirty thousand, miners and others
engaged in related industries leaving Montana to seek em
ployment in the other mining States, where the demand is
not eqijal to the absorption of so much labor. It is held
by lawyers who are disinterested that Judge Clancy's deci
sion is good law, and it remains to be seen whether prompt
action on appeal to the Supreme Court will bring peace
or war.
The First Lesson on the Piano
for Children Should Include
Exercises of Finger Muscles
The Strenuous Effects of Five
Minute Cure in a Local Jag
Sanitarium for Incorrigibles
IN FAR AFRICA.
THE MONTANA TROUBLE.
¦ . •
THE SAS FKANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 28, iyO3.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor. ... . . . . . . Address All Communications to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Of flee............. ... ..' ...... <tfgg&, ....Third and Market Streets, S. F.
WEDNESDAY •'• • •••••••• • • • • OCTOBER 28, 1903
6
INSTRUCTIVE STUDIES
BY NOTED MEN AND
WOMEN
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMESQnarrel Over Father's Estate.
The J3S» estate cf Hags Cbtvln. & re
tired engineer cf tbe local £r» department.
who died cq tbe Sth tnst^. is tii« striiject
cf a. dlspcte between, bis two children. EL
J. Cdvls of VaHe*> aad Alice. A. Beaaett
cf y>y*5 dty. Testerday they both applied
fcr letters cf adrefr.fstratton uyja their
father's estate.
Boy Killed ta a Collision.
LOS AXGELES. Oct. IT.— Alfred Xel
scn. the I£-year-e!d sen cf a. grocer on
Sct^a Hcse ttreet. was testastly kded
to-day while drrrlisff his father's delivery
n<33 by a eoCisfcKt wtti a Playa. del
Key electrfe car. TIs» boy's body w*»
taken act cf the wrecfc cf the wages ter
rlblT crcahed ty tha &IL
the pair d-areit epea thi3 fact it sud
denly oeesxred ta them thai all their
trouble ts^iZ tack to tbe ocmect that
OLsciel Prtn?ie had "batted In"' ca
frtendly aftsr-dinner talk, and orer an
other drink <y Conner aod Bray tsslted In
a vodferocs cendesarastioa of Prinsrie asd
*ra2y bade eaca other pood raomlns
after tcreems- to avecg? themsslre* ca
Prtzgle at th* first opoortznity.
Yesterday Bray looked asythin? tct
the r?»" who had recefred the severe
psrisfcasent cf the previous nlrht. and al
thoeffa adjudged the- laser of tie contest
oa r>c4sts he had the grins saUsfactloa
cf rlzinr cpen the bt? weit over (XObki- :
£43^8 eye. whlca received dsrte? the day
tocrly treatment from Bara«7 Btaa wtia ;
cnsatJsfactory results, la so far as Its
awkward appearaaee was concerned.
Bray reached this city from St. I»cis
bu* three days aro and drrin^ feis short j
stay here be has been ren-rwtnr old ac
c^amtances and loCnlnr to the joClty o«
Irfsrre life irtta tbe ywmj ci«a aboct
MACOCT. G«^ Oct. ST.— atr». f. Q. C. La-
Sck ct Om CaKed States, fiirf at fcer bas»
k«r» t>sifh£.
MAN AND WOMAN
VICTIMS OF GAS
Night of Revel and Dis
sipation Comes to
Somber End.
After a nl^it of w!Id debanci, T. H.
Knowiton. ajceck. and a. wcmaa wSo vas
known as kis wire and who .was also
ksowa as Mrs. Aerie . HasiEiea. were
fossd yesterday co:^r.j In tiefr room
at 13DG*i Stockton street, tie r»».n dead
SLnd his cocspaefca enconscfotrs from tie
pcises of fn-!-T-fT»HrT g gas. Ti* wcznaa
was taJ-e- to :ir Harbor Hospital a«i
th*ac« to tie Central HcsspfaJ la a cria
cal condition. No ere Is ttc lodgisg
bats« kr.* w h«r casa. All tiat Jeaa Mo=
c2&» tie laadlcrd, eocld teQ Deputy Cor
c.-,«7 '\n<-*T^'»t Brown was that x&e had
b««n Irrfzf wt tSt Ksowltoa far t&A last
three taoaths, dsrfus wiici 3£r. Mosda.
had tcea connected wtA tie boss«.
The breaMa^ of a £xtcra '- ccsaected
wtti a ssiH gas store is ti» roozi was
tie cacse of tie aceidezt. It was focsd
br Brews : Usat tie mbter tvbe cos.
?eytss t&e Ctrfd frois the pas p£p« to tie
store iad bees brckes away Cress, ti*
fixtcre by a violent wrench, carrytny tie
bcrser and. tee stepceck -with It. It Is
beHeresi that Ksowlajn. stumiled when
near tie store, seised ti« tt:b£ng fcr tie
pcrpose c. sarlns uirnseUT Crsnz a 2aH asd
tore o=t tie Cxttsre. aSowtsg tie caa to
escape Into tie rocm. la nis Intoxicated
cctsdltfca'fc* was crebaUy cot aware of
tits fact"&=£"c£ tie dangrer tiat tireat
esed >!?«, bet lay down ca tie fiocr orer
corse by tie deadly taaes. Tie wsnaa
was Zq-zjL cs, tie lied, stSl ireatilnr bet
csccnsciccs. asd was carried away fcx
as asx&dasee to- tie Harbor HcasftaL
Knowiton fcx 13d worked on tie United
States - revenue cutter Bcsi as citer and
niarise Jirersaa ca a tr!j> to tie Arctic
Since ' tiat '. time , be nad beea ;. foCowins"
bis ocecsatiozi as cook. He worked re
cently as cooJc fcs tie Peertess. ciopiKjcse
cs Kearsy street- He was ts. tie iaiit
o; groin.? trpoa sprees and at saca tbses
ttss verr recklea*. * Last Monday nr?it
tie cocpl* . tad ' company ia their .'^ roca23
and tie cent«nts of a larsre ! nssfcer ¦ of
beer bottles were eossramed. ;
Tie wessas was siill ssconsdocs at a
late iotEr. "-^ tie doctors iave Kttle
hopes of fcer recovery-'''"* '-'
¦;:.' ;: A.- raaa-wbo' tatoa a drink' cj Old EirJc
Wtiaix Uszr* to xote rignt. _ " •
U2*IT£ AGAI7TST PEXS'GXS.
FoOovtss closely in O'Connor's fsot
rte-s Bray »coc foend himself at the
Palace bar r z^~ a=c-nx- kis friends and
he and O"Ccsncr were sooe tnie^y argn-
In« »rer the merits of their aiTray.
It was agreed by tba two that the en
cocnter had been & foc-lisn on-s and as
Tea tninstes later, Jest abc^t 2 c/dock
yesterday morrtin^. a cal> Cisised into the
drrr»ws.y ef the Ps^ce. From. It aiigiited
O Center. Eis shirt froet wss co-ered
"sriri fc-re and a irmp, as cocspt;cocs as
the lar^st sharty 0= Telegraph HUL
zdrmed his bread expanse of frrehead.
His lir« were also badly fcruiseii and ta
e. w^y he bcre the app»?a-ranos cf
a !*>» wh-s had b«#s fc^tte-i into by a
Kg electric car ca Xissioc stree*.
A few moine^ts later another ca2> bear-
L-^? the stalwart .form of Stacy Bray
halted in, the driveway. He, t3o. looied
boilly ds^nas^d- Els shtrt boson ap
r*are<l to b-ave been, dyed in. the fslce of
freshly stewed beets, an<I a sweHiny us
<i*r his chin rsarked the eiset sjot wh«rs
cue cf O'Connor's cp.-<?rcct3 v j?1 sep
arated the £fsh and permitted his blood
to to to waste. There were ocher starks
cr. his visa?- that plainry told of the
r\$tic cotnt-at and a^4«e»te<i that the tax
tie had procressed far esixgii wises, he
Lid called a halt.
In the =iist cf the battle Era.-*-, !t is
tai*. sedd-nly remarked to CT Censer tha.:
I* ' 5r s-5 retting late and thtlr friends
wt>dd tire cf waittns. s^ hcstHiti-es
ceased. The combatants shook hands ar.tl
mmed tieir artenticn tj ci^aririr »«r
dttin? the prcprietor and the attendants
of the r-stanrant and settling the t£3
fjr the cs* cf the rocm.
TSUCE IS DZCULBEZ).
CCcrrcr had lrtt=ated that bis physi
cal jro-aress •^xa cf a nz^frtcr c/^allty to
that ef Bray, to ¦which the latter £s
=*-rred i^ tcrma that dszz3.z.de<t as tsszEW
dU.te ehaller^e. Ftre r~:;-^teg later O"Cc3_
— -~-r B.-»* ?*— «t >•«-»¦»¦•— » »v«>-«. »_*»_;. ._
.— — * 1 ¦ '^ *.». — a ' , *. . k. — . t I, • » • - .._-.* » «
— - * — - - • - - - — - ... - - - JL ..-.-• a ¦ . _ .
fitca t2tc tar. ordered a ccb a=d drtv^^
direct to a Prsz.ch restaurant -were hcist
€d is the ele-raror to an s^!«r £ocr. Trhere
a waiter •«-sj crf-sred to clear a dtrir^
rscn cf an its *ttt- '«'-*-p Then, tightly
fcoitir^ the doer, the yrsngr belligerents
ca-r: asiS* th*ir cia-w-tanmrers. wtite ties>
cur's and cellars and sc^ared for actlcn.
TSm rsir fi-^^ht with all the energy
they cc^Id tri=« teto pia.-. and O'Connor,
d-ffpite Bray's adTa_ntig-e in height, reach
and w»i^*:t. cii notly. It 1j even said
that he nocred Eray twice and had the
ti£ "TeTJcw. who called down Walter Ho
k^rt at Sacramento three year* bjco. wab
fcnny iboct the rocan. Certainly »ciae cue
was iooreci. for there »« terriic Jarrfc^
iz. the rccm. and the fact caused n^ end
cf alarm arscn? the prcprietc*? end tbe
attaches cf the restaurant, who vainly
clarscred at the door cf the room far en
trance.
FISTIC BATTI^I EAGZS.
E-rerytiiirg- wu r^trj alcs^ nicely cs!2
CoZcnel Pnrgle Joir** tha coterie. Soci«
tcdy r«:erre»l to th» tl^»-fcloc<lej art»
t3cr*cy cr ti« country. 1 irAJect cs
»tiri: the celesel poeas«*s<» •icsdart !a
rrma^og. and t«icre ila rritiis h*d
r^cilzeii it tbe fttser VTr!nter ta Gcat»
nxla. ic ;t :s c?»'— ed. £*£ led tbes trta
& he&ted arr=.e=t. Tie czestlaa as to
¦w^sti«r m. gg^tleJAn pesaearfng TfT:^aJ
attributes shod' &utr!«« i^. t-.-tt»t iticr
led t3 iiiu words t«C5reea COcrror
t=4 Bray.
Fai:*rg to tettla tielr din*er«iC'ea or
erpmic- Is a p^acefrl T-T«-"-er. rrtezida at
t«=.ptei to cst ehcrt ti.* dl*ccsslc= by
TZf^esztz^C la «-*f^gr7— rr-^r^ t^ the fcste!
bar. The -la.^. w« ha^tly ccrcetred. t~t
<Tert^a.ted !n an. «?*«> that waj E^rked
ty a wtaael waste ct ticoi. niire red
t€i^=ces that aH" the trtiicUI steazs oi
the locsl n'titen has failed ta ccsceal.
It birye=*«i tif» wa.7:
¦V71I2* OCcraoT, ton cr th» lita Ccrr«
lis» <yCc=or; Stacy Br»r, * -srealtity
oJ St. Lrcuia" yotsrer *oci.«I set.
»sd kibsJ cf tieir cocrtvUl aaaoclacea
?j_j^:« Kstel ilcniir 6Yw:tT:g. sci sufte;
& rcu»l <rf peesa* cti» tt* yourg gectl*
=«= cf I«i«=r« »£J<33r=ed to ti« c-sr«r
cocrt, wtait, rsclir^tj ti the cc=i£ert*b£«
ciAirs. ti«y e=t«*ti epes & dUcaeaisz or
Young Society Men Settle
Differences in Bloody
Combat.
O'Connor and Bray Lend
Fistic Force to an
Argument,
SOCIAL DINNER,
THEN A BATTLE
THE SA2s FBA^CISCO CAI.L. WEDNESDAY, OCTOBEB 28, 1903.
7
TEX5 AmE5CC3 AT 2:15
DUSS
ATT> Sli-f iiC PC LT7U OSCHTST2JL
pcprr^.2 nt?cxs 500 to sajoo
KABJIME RSI Oj KR. fittXlG, Sslcisti.
SOO OCO9 EEATS AT 50c
NORDICAMOBT
?-«-_« I. f. 'C n aa£ S3. at Star— tr m Cjcj
A Oc'a.
SALE OF SEATS FOR
Ellery's Royal Itaiian Band
BEGINS THIS MORNING
AT SHERMAN, CLAY &¦ CO.*8.
PCPCI^R PRZCT3.
5Oc 75c 31.OO
RUT EiXEHT ISlTTsiDlT UTH1S3I.
Aa4 r»«T s^bs cx^st agratfay •=? to tsi
trglrf.frc Scafxr. i>c=i<r i. v^« •*--»« tat-
craay aag S^.^7.
KA.JLS TT>rxT '¦». r' "ry^T, OCT. IS.
Psfc^ct. a=r in-. S5c: B«-cccr. :3c Cti-
tec a=r :«.-—. -*— y p.—errtd. BOati
NEW ACrS: 3PACXS!
2Tc^Tatt«r» «-».j Ty»cn; Golenoazi 1
Dc^s ead Oats; Tire* 2i=hards;
Crawfcrd y— *. ?!"« — --^7 UTencnj
axd Frari; "Waterbury Brothers
2rrcz8; Eerbert I^cyd. assisted
by Zi'.V.izi Lily&n> and Xew 21ctlca
Pirturw.
Mason and Mason
BCDOLPH AND 1D0LPH.
;glp—i E2iT VAX. tl» ••««-!*
iheatkD
TIV0LIS5&
TO-3TX3HT
Fi^ltT «.=;;?» trrixz yg^ta.
"L\ BALLO^IASCHERO'*
"ANDRE KCHENIER,"
nsacES xs rrrAi^sc roc. tsc.
fSO A Ki Hi opera
Hatutee* To»l£^jrgg anl Eaturla7.
Scectrad TTKi Sir-.t ij c? Z-izj-it-r.
LAST FOUR MGHTS.
SPOTLESS
TOWN
*•>»• Pc-rs. r«=r«. Er*-ia:-U«a.
» aUVl^; iii^r«« iz^. S^ 5»Jc
3£*rt»t £:.. Xear £irtti. Ftcc* Srrri S3.
3tATr?."r3E SjLTtTH^AT A»TD rryDAT.
unglejomJjabin
B&srJixrT. yL*L3£Lm** O=x=«i Seinla ETeeta.
tm. K. ST~>-'a. »^ ':.'. Z, *s Z*M.W I S3 ViPra
TftlWU JiUtire.. tte, He, a,.
ALCAZAR "fyiS"-
"TTx* rr» Stock ecstasy • rear
kats- batttet>at t=i r.aDAT.
UNDER t£L
THE "*^,
RED ROBE isLJ
r^r . 23c ta T3c: M*-j E«t. A g^sa^ 15c ta SOr:.
TOO MUCH JOHNSON.
IK
{ T t~Ti=. F» /\ ADcRSJ
At •¦*! j gsyg.
saJr^ral =^cal exsrefij.
| *<UOE^ and ROSES]
O«r -A-I-Stir- C«k Ik:^=« KoO asd
Esltkt 3er=Ari 'TTlrSei* K'-« v r. Earrr
Harsa*^ 32*sie A=^wr. E>*ror Jesi^sr.
E«««-n-* S«a— Xtjiai 3c »: ia4
Ej^-^j as! Srsixy JitSrm t3s aad SOtl
Cs: cr»a «^ aAiL^g.is. iac *--1 i3c
-^-^ . OXiB ¦** ZZZGSTOS
axd a cs^^r taaom e\ks.t A>-rEHrcoc?r
AJt3 ETSSTTSTG IX " u *; ¦rv' mrra
THE COLORED BABY
Is. ti« rSTANT I2CCUBATO3.
Z^sa Caitsx Xatees ta tit Zco.
LOTS OF fUM IX THE POi!VY ARCADE
AKATETR 3rrOET im."KSI>AT.
AUJCSSIQrC. XCc; CEILDSES. 5c
Vfcts PSjrr-g A«i f» Ti* Cfcsua,"
Special Sale of Underwear
Our special sale of Underwear has been very lively. A num-
ber of raen have stipplied themselves with a3 nany as two or
three stiit3. We knew the sale wonld take well when purchasers
saw the goods and learned the prices. You see,* we gain dis-
tinctive value by buying goods direct from the mills.
Here are the values : ,
f\m a suit— Fcra fittins. cotton ribbed Underwear, in flesh, lizht
XSP &*=- Z* 2 **- a=d hhck ' *k° ccttoa cn-^'c^- a b —-
UUV £esh and tin; reeniar price $1^3 a su:-
¦3*41 »"7«K * sort— Underwear ia fancy itripes. such a3 sold and blue.
<f 1 black and cardinal, blue and white, blue and eeid: fine
i>pi« O yJ fieeced and wdl made; regularly ?2^o a smt.
gHM av^k a «sit— Underwear in natural woo! and camel's hair; also
Jt 1 Australian Iamb's wool and form-fittins sroods. in lizht
JljIL* € V blue. pink, brown and tan; regular prke, SxjO a suit.
— ¦— . " • >
d*#% P«#\ a s^— Extra £n<forr^£itmg Iamb's wool Unc^rwtar. ia
%Jy ¦%II fie*h. tan and Ticsna; also fine quaHty gray wool: shirts
kDutuV hare clocble front and back; regular Talue, $3x0 a suit.
gH a ma a ssit— Worsted wool and mercerized silk fcrm-fiitinz Un-
-M 1\\ denrear. in blue, tan and £esh; soft texture, fast colored.
kPu»l v- elegantly trimmed: regular price, $3.50 a suit.
Csi-ef-tswa Gnftrs F3hd— Writs Qu
6N\^0D's.fi)
T40 Market Street.
PT\ T-* J-r^ **-** af ¥ TT 1%.T 9 C^
Save Customers $35,000 Yearly
jf^^ //" \ "p^c — ti Selected FIO^\^ IT'^' FIOMP A Met a! Red
IM ». W\ M r™ ™? ir - Pattosiea Co. own tfadr store and factories; they {-& __ $7 50 £^• tti if
\l !\/ y^jf o f *«erriceable^ doa l P a ? a cent rcnt * 7^ s leading downtown stores J g^j^J^^X atse. 5^ ft. ti«i.
W^C \ artistic MorTi"i 2 * C2v- prorr.inent loestiens pay about $35,000 each r ' ft <> \_3 a=l T "r::V?a-
\1 P^/x if^^^S. \ Chair is here year. You know who foots that in the end. Then con- <J fc ? g f^ '"IF" i= ff ri 3 ««
:^^ >^\ f^ c:=recJ - Ir i* sider the fact that we have our own factories right I 1 I 1
\\*l •^V .^^vl fcatiSa 7 of "S here * Tiiat nlcan3 no bills— no caanufactcrers* g| I LJu!!^ j Q
\\ \* >^^ 3» I and" comfort a profit — not even a Furniture Combine to set oar prices. g«g | { x jj^ IS Jz\
W^L i^^V J\ £t cI:2ir for * ay " E vcr y t^ n Sr i* done directly by Pattosien's. ( _O| ti TTJI j*1p fr
JHV, f sJ^V CCd7 " Do : *" OU v# ' o::^ er "" ar w * ££ "- i so ciach cheaper than jy^a^^^^^^gS^^fe^raS
WJ* ether stores? This stvle of ho=«t white dealing- shows irQ^ >l-?jrt3T- Jj. JtWf ?
\V 4-^ \- K^IX the people what we're made of. A trial will (^^ 'FT^*VTT/^^* I
WINTER UPHOLSTERED GOODS. M¥j 14 ill Ut^f
l^ 1 ?^ 5^^ /* l^ C^ \ T^S 1^ Morris Rocker— A rkh ? =!den oak, C 1 A CA €f« A "^HtTV^^H/HI
j^^c^>^?^ v( Yll^/iAv\ -^ ?. W front posts corrugated. A Sao raise.. 3*0. j(j
iiWn\- Si S Miasicn Design Rocker, with prerrr C17 0^
f$Mh\fcl$Q r^^^^^^^ZS^J \\ CarTi=^ bo^edsli: sides. Worth 5:7.5*2 J^P'f^Rf^T^^a
N J;r^lfi'<* ih1\ -^j^^^~^1 I Gcldsn Oak Chair — Large GrlSn heada en O^
• «-,\ •A*»f/ i^^>^*^:^ g^ \ arnza; hfir/ c'iw :'---. Worth S2c.cc. CiP "7C
g/\ r y^ \ 1 1 ...»plZ).iw) Asother carload cf Iron Beds jrst crpacked a=d
I Ilbvi &4 IL ¦ £ « ff IA f e»t-jT>_ »t»-j t c 3 placed os display. We shew them in artistic de-
«f I I I f r i^-*k W SoEdPa=e! Side— Is fine carter-sawed IP^ A/% Tisni cf whhe cr eclcred e=arn=l— ir"» artral^ the
a^. ># 9 ¦iiiiw^^^^^^^ii MasssTe czrr^**- or^ 3yx_ ijlLLtVU pAttiest lot we exer saw.
I B . , E^b^ > r ¥ - Patent Adjustment to raise or lower back while Oa acccrnt cf this being a cash heese w**re
/; f ?4 ' E5/ seated; mahogany, golden cak cr CIA 7C placed them, within the reach cf rriddle-cf-the-
/J r m — 0 *~"^ wj I weathered cak £ni5h week "pocket-becks. It's a guarantee that the
IB f\ ~^~~~^ HI Weathered Oak or golden cak; good M CA SX=S **?* £ °' ** Ce=t =3r= *'' Cth ~ StST **-
0 I III finish; $:o raise »pt»D\f Other styles is the sew lot that cs=-fP* C CA
QQ 7^? liki *£? ssH for $jo are sold at jlO.DU
CUSHIONS. VJ "• W . BEDROOM SUITS. Something ca the same sty!e-*ha=ely design.
An assorted stock of I c^^^ chatr oi ease $30 Tfcree-Piece White Maple Suit— Neatly dec- —an elegant piece of workmanship— ff -j 7 AA
re.onr crshrons to I a-d pra.«. Elgblr i»l- crated, heavy paneled, dresser glass CO/. AA for - •pif.VV
choose trom — all re- t 1 \v>. iste<t. Q^a.rter-sa-»-«i cai beveled ed"- 2-zxu. • JLt^UU ...» . - ? _j
ve-s : b T e— no tro-*b T » ia VfJ^ — t«avy lera ar:d csaaslve ceveiea eu 5 w,3ax3, 4j4.-x.vv Others as high as $57.50 — seme made ect:re:y of
charging to s-it "yoar S/oftiMi^fjM^ . Three-Hece Golden Oak Suit-Highly £a- brass, decorated is a!! the shapes imaginable.
GL'ARANTEtD CULCnti>. $io BL-dseye Maple S«t-Two piece- head of /^^^to^^fei^X D,i.M^
?3::t;ien Cc. hare a larfer it—k of cotrches a=i a rre-.er as- bed beastifclly car4-sc and finished in beaded trim- 48Sititi Sfe P W^^SS^k nCCilug
i:r.=ez: cf covers :han all the c:ier stores combined— we mike sweU front dresser, with French ffz.^ CQ £%^%Um %^%%U%Wt&& Qh3 : r
The inside cf a!' cr=r cocches is closely inspected before be:n; tzzz Qnartered Oak S~t— Serpentine frost dres?- : j v" » V A f\ / x \ / \ }'\t\j ?^S^
;.^S:iSi : ?I£h^'^=i s-rarssr&w^: $97.50 &^
/--•- y and will last longer than i-v other couch a: :'-e ?35 Oak Suit— xhree pfeces, nicely finished and StV V VVVYx AA X XlfS ?.^ r *
price! . ;d strongly built, shapely ? 4 - $23.75 J^W^\ . . . Q^j gr T^oW J
iJ^Jf^J^f !^.™!!^ $60.00
ccv-r cf Fabriconi cr Chase t=itatlca leatisVr (dotlT tr preferable). I: is AT TTTI F HPAPFPY M f H >^ \*^vV%
ir*t cl*«3 cocci zx a. aeccni cla^s prtct. r- i: . assortment cf Lace Curtaiss that are 'ttst W %ty* *''" fij m ~~~***^f^''**lL^ "^ ¦fS"*?* :^^''t it' 3^"^^^
irnor rTkTTr"HC:C down in price. Thi? is an important depsrtmen: \*w WZ^^**"^ l* :
;UUKC Wv/UCnCo. -. ?a.;tc5sen"; and deserves v--r attention -ahen a? * 1»
H;ccco Cccch, ja inches -zride by 75 inches !c=r — ccrered c - ? D near them. %3^. B S-4.00 'fr-'j: i^^iSSS«a»V
i- bes: velc-r cr corduroy, :-::td cr pna-n Ci/i CA Beautiful ccrdei Arabian, S-i-f2 C^ fc*st w-are "cr^se- L *4i38JKB"
Large Gondola Ccuci: — Something very nice that can't be beat Another commonly sold for $5.50.- C2 CJA tiaa any cti«r io=s«^iii"5i^tWi ; I
for comfort— csnally sells far four dollars more than &1*J Qf\ ." ;.« ATUcn nn/'irr'Tw
$17.50 *znn . other rockers
Adjustable Sofas— Something with the appearance of leather al- . 4&J.UU At rery reasonab:e pnees. Our stock cf rockert
vrzys zdds to the charms in a room. Here is an ad- C27 A A h- fa f n d - f tf has bees greatly increased of late-p articular peo-
justzble so:a wit* tutted imitation leather $0£.UU j^^; Fe^^ ArJbianf aJlow S $3.95 p!c usually find what they want ia cur extended
HAIL ORDERS. Yi f\4r4- f\C4 r\*% C* f\ REUPHOLSTERINQ.
People ou^ide of the citv can get jvisi ex- W^ Jk 1 1 I ' I I M~ I U I II =° i=echamcs are k^t at work ta cur
actly what thev if thev 'olainlv. j[ CX i'^L? 1 Jl 1 ?*"" . F =~- :: - r -.- a =*--7~=?-; : * :5ri =5 =^7t^i= ?-
' * . ~ * ""¦* "" ' l£ y° u caTe a=Tthmg that xook3 shabby ia yctrr
\S e carrv oa an extensive countrv trade — all „.,_* ._ A ;-„ _,_ ._ A . „ . „
. CIVTrrVTU . vn %IIC7C7inVT CTnCCTC parlor, send ior cur mas and neU teli you what
by letters. blAlcfalSlll AlMJ AllbblUiN O I Ktfc 1 O. we can do for it.
PaijjrA DOffT FAIL TO
t COX7ST TjW **^t* 1 *S
/inf! rectn, tha EHP1H3
aUU PARLOR, tbm
n~~~A PALMROOiLtb*
U1UUU LOR, aad tfx LA-
P^^rtir. DIES' WXXTXXQ
Hotels »o«^
BRUSHES S£^&
tf7*r«. S9BT »-rs fjc>lJ>«^ Tin iiiIiTl yj»
hj.trtrx nuun. jiatmi ate*
naKtso. tir-roof rr*. tassaem. taSoca, «*.
SrsA Xass2acsxr«za>#at BacaBUBtoA
IERCFS
FAVORITE
SCRIPTION
RWEAKWOMEW.
< #^3 1 1\ B «^ A-B-,a:«Jca>. Hiartit» mat
1*1 1 H 1 %. S?c^s« Goeea. Laxgam
111 Sill 1 ::: au^f...
. ZS. aCxrta^ at. &»* 3U
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
C&talcs^za and Price Ltss X&U&l
on AppUeatios.
YJUSSX A33 SAL? 2T3JLT3.
J.O. Dv I LJ tt t v. clay. T«L um.
* 1 » Tress n_ Su K Ftca» V»~\ IZiA
! Sehools and Colleges.
ffi%\ EL pw&Jr 6 y?^ H JL 1
T.-gtnrvn BtTSIXES3 CCIX£SS CF TH3
fSXST. t i Peas rt.. Saa ?nac»c3. CkL
Sst*t£i»i«d *» yt«ra. Ogea wan yi«fc,
SinipleRemedy
SkiriTnouble
' b Bathe the an*ected part vttli
1 1 HeUieU'i Sea?, dry f ' -^ & soft If
¦f| to-weL aa<i -"Iris tiwe firmer apply B
g K*£*kcXTs Otsssess. Ose a; j l:ca- I
r tloa a day. for * ai»ort. ¦wMle. ttsa- |
5j ally cures — cerer r«rcir«i =o:» I
y than twice a <iay — for* cossplete |
Icrrre cf Pimples. Blateies oa Face, fj
Barber's It<i. Tetter, Eryafpeias, H
Ealt R&ecia. Scald Head. Rins- 1
worn. Itcb. Ocers. Bsms. Scalds, |
ITleers ta Ear. Sore Xose. asd Eye- |
lids. ltz'-iz>£ Ft-es. asd any ersp- I
ticn cr the skis. Heiiie^i Ots«- I
=.•=.5 csres where all alteratives, I
sarsagarfllas, iodides asd zaerco- B
rial ctedlclEes falL It Is Tery jg
Bj sootht^j- azrd cooUzg. rraVtrs | tlse ;¦ |
§ skin beantirslly fair and sr&ooth. |
ii tsc crar rear*. As irtcrrSsts*. ;•> cwst*.'- N
y 5 Eead for tec* of U«ttTwrta:*. - ....,-. |
* B 7OSBSTOX, SOLLOVAT k ¦ Ott, < S
i
l^m EIU9BH w»w^^
vUkUsflim nc-miiii
SECOND AND LAST WEEK.
jn*ittj-. T-~**— ~~T Scsiiax. v '*^*« S»r.i.-l*r.
Robert Edeson
0£a=a4pe=c=£ H«rr 3. Hi rrlm.)
SOLDIERS OF FORTUNE
Star* v«r» '. tc br -*- -f-n-t T^cr-n.
Ti t Xczzy Xsxical Tastasy*
"THE STORKS."
ti« Fizrj Rc«*bt3>l G«r£ss cf O.rl*.
AIX. AKEHICAK EEACTISS.
Enerr Scn» a Es=«r.
I SSATS EKir.Y TO-MOREOW.
GRAND SSfii
Fcit Wtsb— HYEV133 21 ta 55i5.
SUttasw -Kred. a»t Sat. Karti -Weei.
• SO rCTfUAT FEEFOSat AXCES-
SALE OP SEATS OPENS
TO-MORROW MORNING tf 9 a'etel.
KLAW 4 ERLANGEiTS
Srzyesiac* Pr>i=cii=a eT G-=en2 WaSan*a
BEN HUR
asO— Persons ia Prodsctios — 35O
5i J?»a Uj iiii». M* < S£*&J=3 Oriirt Tiisa.
PRICES— *t. fl 5ft. U. tSc a=d Me
AH &?»!» Rea«TTe<2. G«=«ra: AtszissSss. Xt.
<>n cf To^r- Vaff Orier* wtti ressi:ra»?ea
ZZ*-i fcr crf*r r«e«T«!l after mu« escas.
T5« Xcxt Becft&I ' cf ti« S«rie» FU=«4 Tar I
Ttis TSTs^er W22 E« Gtrea «at
EATCS3AT. OCTQB2S Slat.
A: i ;- =- , vz tie C»=«I PSica.
STEIXWAT H>1J.
aqt- FEISCITAI. K. TAX TOHX »3 pr*-
ti*e at •-- 1 : --xr s v.-Ji ti< ail cf ti« As«»-
MrTHerbert Williams,
TENOR,
Wia be ti -* •cLrUt ef t&s occu&s. Orr-prT-
EaertuT tickrs ear be fca£ ax tie starv &sr
t*^« fcefsr* tie r«elta!.
SKXBXAX. CI*AT A CT>.
gra«r as! £ears7 xts, 5. 5". • 4 _Jack Evans was given the decision over
Fred Turner In a four-round preliminary.
Weinig's wretched showing was a bit of
a surprise, for he apepared strong and
rangey along with his stocky opponent.
It was claimed for Welnig that he had
trained carefully and was In condition.
Millet, who Is one of the most promising
men of his weight in the country, took all
the fight out of him with ' one terrific
punch.
Referee Eddie Smith disqualified Jack
Carter In the fifth round of the go with
George Brown of the West Oakland Ath
letic Club. Carter acted as If he were
in a trance and made no pretense at fight
ing. After much warning the referee
stopped the farce.
Welnig wobbled to the center when the
second round was called and for a min
ute divided the time between sprawling
on the floor, clinching and trying to get
Inside Millet's punches. The last time the
Buffalo lad went to the mat he was count
ed out. Half at himself, Welnig tried to
finish the -round with his second. "Dixie
Kid," but he was quickly hustled out of
the ring. Dave Barry was also behind
Weinig. Millet was assisted by "Spider"
Kelly, Charlie Grlswold and Frank Ma
rino.
Welnlg did not show to advantage. He
could not stop the stiff punches from Mil
let and he did not offer to lead once dur
ing the brief engagement. Millet started
with a heavy onslaught of straight rights
and lefts to head and body that put his
tall antagonist to the floor four times be
fore the bell tapped the close of the first
three minutes.
In fact, Joe, did the trick with one punch
in the first round before the echo of the
opening gong had fairly died away. He
handed "Welnlg a heavy one on the Jaw
that sent the ex-cyclist to the floor and
left him dazed .until the finishing touches
came In the first minute of the second
round.
Joe Millet disposed of Al Welnlg, th«
Buffalo boxer, last night at the Reliance
Club, Oakland, In the second round of a
scheduled fifteen-round, event.
Tall, angular and lithe and llght-com
plexioned was Johnson, while McVey,
dark, stocky, muscular and smaller, it
looked like a chocolate cream be!r.g In
troduced to a ton of coal. In the first
round Johnson floored McVey and th*
lead he picked up at that time Tvas never
relinquished. In the sixth round Johnson
placed another knockdown to his credft.
Johnson fought cautiously, as he always
does, taking no chances. Time after
time he stung McVey's face with left
Jabs until the latter's countenance looked
like a toy rubber face that can be distort
ed by pressure of the fingers, and again
and again he rocked the Oxnard man
with hard rights, but could not put him
out. McVey put up a plucky, uphill fight.
but was outgeneraled, outboxed and out
classed, and Referee Eyton's decision waa
received without a dissenting murmur.
F. E. MULHOLLAND.
¦'LOS ANGELES, Oct. 27.— Before th»
largest crowd that ever witnessed a box-
Ing contest In this city Jack Johnson wa.*
awarded the decision at the end of twenty
rounds to-night over Sam McVey of Ox
nard at Hazard's Pavilion. The men met
under the auspices of the Century Club
and at noon to-day President McCary
said the receipts showed Xhero would b«
fully an $8500 house. The fighters were
guaranteed a $4000 purse, of which part
the winner takes 60 and the loser 40 per
cent. A belt emblematic of the colored
heavy-weight championship of the world
given by Billy Roche, manager of Mc-
Vey. also want to the winner. Early in
the evening scalpers were obtaining {4
and $5 for $3 seats, but later there was a
slump and the curbstone speculators were
glad to get rid of their tickets at $150.
The betting closed with Johnson favorite
at odds of 100 to 80 and several thousands
changed hands over the result. The bis
structure was Jammed from pit to dome.
Every colored person that goes to swell
the population and who possessed tne
price was there. The two huge galleries
were dotted with members of the dark
race until they resembled Josephine
Sabel's pickaninny music score.
The arrangements were perfect After
two preliminaries. In which young Joseph
belted Kid Long around until the referee
gave him the verdict, and Burt Palmer
was awarded the decision over Tom Ja
cobs on a foul, the ring was cleared for
the two big colored men. At 8:50 McVey
entered the ring. He had in his corner
Billy Roche, Frank Fields and Denver
Ed Martin. Ten minutes later Jack
Johnson followed. He was looked after
by Australian Tim Murphy. Solly Smith.
Mike Shaughnessy and Kid Solomon.
Charley Eyton of the Burbank Theater
refereed the go. Shortly after 9 o'clock
the two fighters shook hands and posed
for a flashlight picture and there was a
marked contrast in their appearance.
Special Dispatch to Tha Can.
MEMPHIS, Tenn.. Oct. 27.— Dan Patch,
1:56};, within forty-flve minutes' elapsed
time this afternoon, smashed two world's
records in succession on the track of the
; Memphis Trotting Association. First he
: went against the world's half-mile pacing
record of :57Vi, held by Prince Alert. He
clipped a second and a half from this,
pacing the distance in :56 flat. Next he
hung out a new world's record for a nvle
pacing to .a wagon, making the mile in
1:571,4, two seconds better than the time
of 1:59*4 he made at the recent meeting on
the Lexington, Ky., track, the world's
record until this afternoon.
Major Del mar, E. E. Smathers' 2:00
trotter, was also sent to lower his record
and won. He cut a quarter of a second
from the 2:00 mark, making the mild In
1:59*4. The quarter was made In :30, the
half In 1:00 and the throe quarters In
1:29»4.
In making the half-mile against time
Driver McHenry started from the wire
and breezed Dan Patch around to within
a short distance of the half-mile pole,
where two runners to sulkies were picked
up. The quarter was made in :28>4 'and
the pacer dashed under the wire with
the hands of the timers' watches sharp
on the mark of :56. The demonstration
from the grand stand was quite as en
thuslasfic as those given Dan Patch
when he set the pacing mile record of
1:56^ and Lou Dillon when she trotted a
mile In 1:58^6. These noisy acclamations
of the new champions were all emphasized
by the enthusiasm of the spectators
when Dan Patch came upon the Hack
again, this time to set a new wagon
mark for the mile. The quarter wa's m:ule
in :23Va. . the half in :58}i and the three
quarters in 1:2S. Under the wire the
champion pacer dashed in 1:57U. showing
little effect from having smashed two
records In a single afternoon. Summary:
2:17 Dace, nurse $1000 — Daniel J won the
third and fourth heats in S2:0»^ and 2:llVi.
Kye Gordon won the second heat in 2:00%.
Line of Gold won the first heat In 2:10Vi.
Wealth, P J, Lord Curzon and Speedy Girl also
started.
Wagon race, paclnar, amateur drivers — Clip
per won two straight heats in 2:06% and 2:0«>i.
Green Line and Tom Keene also started.
Free-for-all Dace, curst- $1000 — Dan R won
the second and third heats in H:(M'..» and 2:03%.
Dariel won the first heat in i:04Vi. Shadow
Chimes, Fanny Dlllard and Harold H also
started.
• Pacers to wagon, amateur drivers — Stipulate
defeated Daisy Field In two straight heats.
Time. 2:15 and 2:14*4
2:14 trot, Durne $IU<X) — Porto Rico won two
straight heats in 2:im and 2:11. Joymaker.
Eyo Line, Au«tln Boy, The Parson, Lady Down-
Ing and Bonner also started.
2:C8 pace, half a mile. pur«e $400 — John SI
won in :50',i. Trilby Direct. Primrose, Chest
nut and King Direct also started.
Half-mile dash, pacing— Star Hal defeated
Winfleld Stratton. Time, :30%.
To beat : 57 V6 . world's record, half a mile,
pacing — Dan Patch, b. h. by Jo« Patehen-
Zellca (McHenry). Time. :28M. :56.
To beat 1-.5OV4. world's record to wagon,
pacing — Dan Patch (McHenry). Time. :2U%.
:58H. 1:23. 1:57%.
Major Delmar to beat 2:00 trot — Time, :30.
1:00. 1:20*4, I:o0%-
Paces Mile to Wagon in
1:57 1-4 and Cuts
Half-Mile Time.
Top Weight, Almost
Left, Wins Handicap
at St. Louis.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 27.— A very attractive
card was run off at the Fair Grounds to
day. The feature event, a handicap at
one and a sixteenth miles, was won by
Little Scout, second choice in the betting,
at 3 to L Little Scout, which was as
signed top weight, received a, bad start,
being nearly left at the post, but Shee
han rated him along nicely and he won
handily by a length.
Two favorites won. The track was fast,
the weather clear and the attendance
large. Summary:
FIRST RACE— Six and a half furlones sell-
Bettlng. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % FhL
12 to 1— Eliza Cook, 105 (Mathews) 1 1 1 |»
8 to 6— John II, 105 (Miller). . ..10 7 2 Ja
7 to 2— Jlmalong, 100 (Haack).. 7 4 3 3
Time, 1:22 V». Start good, i Won ridden out.
Winner. Pratt Bron.' b. f. l>y Bob Jacobs-
Belle C. Lsgatlon 105. Mynheer 111. Zlrl 105.
La Rouge 11». Tom Collins 110, Hindoonet 108.
Tenny Belle 105, also ran.
SECOND RACE— Five and a half furlongi;
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
3 to 1— Lucian, 107 (Austin)..... 4 111
20 to 1— liuglehorn, 103 (Crawford) 1 3 -J nk
10 to 1— Bandillo, US (Howell) 2 2 3 nit
Time, 1:00%. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, L. B. Dlckerson & Co.'s b. c. by St.
Georse-Mal Fai. Tom Olney aS, Kittle Har
lan 100. Matinee Girl 103, Goldspot 101. Port
Warden 110. Thank Heaven 100. Tower 106,
Benton 100. Alway* Faithful 101. Paracamph
10>). Bill Rye 100, also ran.
THIRD RACE— Six and a half furlongs; sell.
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. 6t. % Fin.
12 to 1— La Cache. i« (Howell)... 3 112
i» to 5— Optimo, 100 (Foley) « 2 2h
100 to 1— St. Vitus. 100 (Miller)... 1 3 J2
Time 1 :'Zi. Start poor. Won easily. *V in
ner. A. U. McGinnis & Co.'a ch. c. by John
Cooper-Whileaway. Bear Creek 100. Axares
1C3, Tepper Dick 105, Budweiser 95. Prue 100,
Dr. Kammerer 103, Commena 105. also ran.
FOURTH RACE — One and a sixteenth miles;
handicap. -. _,
Dotting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
3 to 1— Little Scout. 115 (Sheehan). Mil
6 to 1— B. McCarthy. 00 (Austin).. 8 6 2 h
8 to 1— Kingstelle. 80 (Perkins). .. 3 2 J 4
Time l:4»Vi. Start poor. Won handily.
Winner'. G. C. Bennett & Co.'s ch. c. by Lamp
lightfr-Little Indian. Crolx d Or 105. Taby
Tosa 103. Prosper La Gal 94. also ran.
FIFTH RACE— One mile; purse.
Betting. Home. WWght. Jockey. St. ? t Fin.
2 to 1— Pettijohn, 100 filler). ... .i * 1 1
4 to 1-Ada N. 107 (Calvit)...... 2 .1 2 1H
11 to 5— Aladdin. 110 (Sneehan)... 1*6 3 nk
Timo 1:43 Start good. Won handily. Win
ner. Slubb* Bros.' ch. c. by Dorian-Quadruplet.
Captain 'Jaston 107. Star Gaser 107. Jigger 107.
nl so ran.
SIXTH RACE— Six furlqngs; purse.
Bettirp. Horse. Weight. Jookey. St. % Fin.
8 to 6— Dolly Gray, 107 (Austin).. 1 4 1 1
12 to l-D. L. Moore. 102 <F?ley>; 6 2 2 £
13 to 1-S*cond Mate, 110 (Sheehn) 8 0 3 h
Tin-.e. 1:15. Start uood. Won ridder i out.
¦Winner. T. P. Hayes" b. f. by St Georgo
ralmetto. S.d S'lver 107. Feronla "Of.."**"'
Graham 102. Prince Eugene 105. Red Ola 107.
Penzil 107. Hudson 106, Pearl Diver 10.. also
ran.
ST. LOUIS ENTRIES.
KT LOUIS Oct 27. — Entries:
Fim race. 'six furlongs. :i-year-oIdB. purse—
Crebsida 102. Review 1W, Sardlan 105. Feronla
102. Style 1U2. Lady Vashti 102. TJw^"^"*^
loa ChlckaBha I<r2. Marchlonesa 102. Mary
Clark 102. Happy Chappy 102. Hudson 108. Ed
""second rac" Jeveif "rurlongs.^-year-ohJa anA
un Belling— Little Corker 100. Tempt 106, Sunie
Stcher 100. Georgia Day 100^ Hindi 95 Hrien
Print 105. Will Shelly H» Bornota ¦ 105. MM
hont 05. HUen Hay 100. Model Monarch 103.
Valeat iu:i Shellmound 110, Howling Dervish
05. Senator Beverldge 108.
Third race, one mile and seventy yards 3
year-old* and up, selling— Water Tower 10U.
Jiirfer 103. Hetzel 09. Burke Coohran 106.
Fourth race, six furlong* 2-year-olds and up.
handicap— Excentral 94. Lady Free Knight 100,
Kilo U0, Uord Hermence 105. Spencerian 104.
RadiutrT 90] Mendon 103. Old Stone US. (Knight
iind Spencerian, H. Durham entry; Kilo and
Radium, T P. Hayes' entry.)
Fifth race one and an eighth miles, 3-year
olds and up. Felling-Larry Wilt 104 Baronet
Ott The Way 10*. Cogswell 08, Exapo- 87, Morris
Volraer 104 Lasao 9S. Neversuch 06.
Sixth race, eix and a half furlong 2-year
olds and up, selling— Lndy Chariot 100. Check
Morgan 02. ingolthrift 9.\ Allegrette 92. Chorus
Boy 100, Haven Run 95, Fugurtha 104. Crlrn*
ICO Mocorlto 10». Ladas 100. One More 109.
Kliigeboro 95. Joe Goss 109, Weird 109.
ST. LOUIS SELECTIONS.
By the New York Telegraph.
First race— Ed Ball, Lady Vashti,
Happy Chappy.
Second race — Helen Print, Will
Shelly, Maghoni.
Third race—Jigger, Hetzel, Burke
Cockran.
Fourth race— Lady Free Knight,
Mendon, Kilo.
Fifth race — Neversuch, Lasso,
Cogswell.
Sixth race — Ingolthrif t, Check
Morgan, Weird.
C0B.BETT DEFEATS MUEPHY.
Featherweight Champion Punches
Him Into Submission Quickly.
BOSTON, Oc,t. 27.— For ten rounds and
a minute and a half In . the eleventh
Hughey Murphy of New York stood up
against Youne Corbett to-night, putting
up a clever defense and landing many
blows on the feather-weight champion.
Then came three blows In quick succes
sion and, although Murphy came up be
fore the count, he was bo groggy that
Corbett refused to punish hlm_ unneces
sarily and was awarded the decision. Al
though Murphy besides evading many of
Corbett's blows landed frequently, his
punches had but little power behind them
and Corbett scarcely noticed them.
In the eleventh round Cornett started In
to get the decision and rushed the battle
from the start. At the end of a minute
he landed a solar plexus blow, on Murphy
and followed It up with a left on the
chin.i sending the New Yorker to the floor
until the referee counted nine. Murphy
arose to continue the battle, but was too
groggy. Corbett landed another left on
the chin. Murphy went across the ropes
and lay there for another count of nine.
He got up before counted out, but Cor
bett, noticing his condition, refused to
continue the fighting and the decision was
given to thu Denver man.
Murphy then fell his length on the floor
and Corbett picked him up and carried
him to his corner.
HIGH SCHOOL FOOTBALL
SERIES IN A MUDDLE
No More Academic Athletic league
Games to Be Played Until Pro
test Is Decided.
The scheduled football game between
Lowell and Lick high schools was not
played yesterday afternoon. C. A. Harris,
chairman of the football committee of the
Academic Athletic League, ordered 'that
no game be played until the committee
decides the protest on the Polytechnic-
Lick game. . -
The committee, which Is made up of
Harris,' T. F. Bovard and Joseph Gendot
tl.vheard evidence on the protest yester
day afternoon and took the matter under
advisement.
- There are ugly charges of the minutes
of meetings having been changed and of
other unsportsmanlike acts not creditable
to high school student*.
Gridiron Heroes of Days
Gone By Sufier
Defeat.
Buffalo Man No Match
for. Hard-Hitting
Joe Millet.
Has Decided Lead Over
the Oxnard Man
Throughout.
WEINIG LASTS
BUT TWO ROUNDS
RECORD HONORS
FOR DAN PATCH
FAIL TO SCORE
ON THE VARSITY
JACK JOHNSON
OUTBOXES M'VEY
LITTLE SCOUTS
GAME SHOWING
DAN PATCH, 1:56 1-4, AND MAJOR DELMAR, 1:59 3-4, ESTABLISH NEW RECORDS
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 28, 1903.
. WASHINGTON, Oct. 27.— Lieutenant Colo
nel Waters, retired, died here t*-day from
acute Indigestion, aged 63 years. He served
as assistant surgeon during the Civil War. be
came lieutenant colonel and deputy surgeon
general In 1885 and wa* retired In 1897.
Fifth race, five and a half furlongs — Saneto
mo won. Commodore second. Marshal Key
third. Time, 1:08%.
Ftxth race, one mile and seventy yards — An
tolee won. Briers second. Baffled third. Time,
1:47.
CINCINNATI. Oct. 27. — Latonia summary:
First race, six furlongs — Quii II won. King
Rose tecond. Banana Cream third. Time. 1:10
Second race, one mile — Adelante won. Satchel
second. Circus Girl third. Time. 1:44.
Third race, five furlongs — Alma Oufour won
Lida I^ib second. Allsta third. Time, 1:08.
Fourth race, six furlongs — Bardolph won,
Rodan second. Ben Howard third. Time.
1:14 3-5.
Racing Results at Latonia.
COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo.. Oct. 27.—
M**«re. T. J. Burns and D. C. Packard.
Western league magnatp*. made an offi
cial announcement to-day regarding the
controversy with the American Associa
tion. The whole question Is to be left to
an arbitration board, of which Howard
Griffiths of the Jersey City Baseball Club
ha? been selected chairman, each league
to pele-ct another member. The decision
of the board Is to be final.
Will Arbitrate Baseball Case,
By the New York Telegraph.
First race — Merry England, Ice
Water, Contusion.
Second race — Wotan, Flammula,
Reliance.
Third race — Young Henry, Mo
harib, Ixjrd Badge.
Fourth race — For Luck, Toi San,
Sourire.
Fifth race— Wild Pirate, McWil
liams. Ethics.
Sixth race — Oarsman, Futurita,
Zfedal.
AQTJEDUCT SELECTIONS.
Fifth race, one end an <>irhth mi'.es. sell
!nr — Bar le Due 102. Kthles 10«. Wild Pirate
9*1. Highlander 102. M.-Wllllamn 103. All Gold
108 Hoodwink 10«. Eeriy Eve 10?.
filxth raco. one mile, three-year-olds — Oars
man in Dror> o' Rp ICO. Stonewall 100, nob
Hnnarf 107. M*<?«1 107. BnuKl »*. Akela 113.
Payne 107. Hyland 110. Futurita 105.
Tliird race, on* mile, handicap — Lord Advo
cate lOrt. loune Henri '""• Lord Badge 107.
Mchsrib J»S. I»ngr)iur OS. Hello 107, Colonsay
1CR. Tr!b»^ Hill 1J7.
Fourth rare, five furlorcs. selling, tvro-year
oli* The Belie Rrye — Florlz^l 04. Blythenes*
<W For Luck HH. KeRle J»4. Bourifrc »». Kmer
gen"y VS. Bob Murphy 105. Juvnal Maxim
117. Monet lfxi. Toi Pan M. Mordella t»4.
gNEW TORK. Oct. 27— Entries :
K!r.-t ra«> six pr.d a half furlong*, handi
cap — Libor 106. Contusion 112. Merry England
111. Icew«tw 115. AFtarita 126. Hiawatha 05,
Locket 100.
Pfccn<3 r«r*. *t« furlon»r». two-yar-clds —
Ruby H'np 102. Molino» 105. Hlghwlnd 100.
>V« 11« Uclianc-* 110. ?l!v»-r Fo.jt 1W>. Flam
mula 107 Wizard 107. Ikkl 1SJ0. Hiawatha ICO.
t»»trJch 110. Kscobsr 107. .
AQUEDUCT ENTBIES.
FIXTH RACE— One and an eighth miles; all
ares: handicap:
B^ttinit. II or** Weight, Jockey. Pt. % Fin.
tt to .". — Carbuncle. K»« (Redfern). . 12 12
8 to 5— Tri)x>s Hill. 102 (Hlirgins"). 4 1 2h
jo to 1 — !=abot. »1 <H. Callahan)... 5 3 3 10
Titn«. 1 :.V» 3-3. Ftart Rood. Won ridden oui.
Winner. R. T. Wilson Jr.'n br. g. by Stuyve
«ant-Oarnet. Warranted 9.1, Florham Qu<-<n
100. also ran.
Time. 1 :01 1-5. Ftart poor. Won driving.
Winner, the repper Stables' br. g. by Iteadow
tho-r^-Hrn.rr.ble Leaf. Afortan 110. The Bowery
lift Strike a Light 11<\ Southampton 111.
Parkviile 110. NiFkayuna lf>7. Grandevltesse 107,
Bn«er 1<<7 CupcMa 107. Oolden Mallow KtS.
Gi.nanojrue 1^7. Gamlfh 110. BuFter Kt7. Nep
ti;nai« HO. Ftroma 107. Dunran 107. Big Morgan
ill. «.I>o ran.
FIFTH RACE — Five furlongs; maiden 2-year
olrfs: Felling: *- „ .. _
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. Et. *» Fin.
ir. to 1— Brtarthorp. 1O7 «Sallln«).. 2 2 1 h
.'. to 2 — RIverdalo. 110 (Bullman). 3 12 2
ID to 1— Belle cf Portland, 107
(Boisen) 4 3 3 2
FOURTH RACE— The Nassau, one and a
rixtepnth miles; .i-year-olds:
Batting. Horw. Weight.. Jockey. St. *» F.n.
j; lo 1—Oavtot*. Ill (Pu'.l'T) 2 3 1 h
Even— Ftolen Moments. 117 (Redfn) 3 2 2 3
€ t" :?— K«f-tand. 120 <Oflom) 1 1 3
Timo 1:<:»4-5. Start good. Won driving.
Wir.iv r Miss M. Olivers ch. f. by Crighton-
Nellie Bell.
THIRD RACE— Five furtonBB; selling; two
ye«r-oM fillVes. " ., _.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. »» Fin.
1^ lo ir» — f=fl. Dream. 10<5 (Fuller). 4 1114
12 to 1-M. Theo. 112 (Burns).... 2 4 2 1
12 f> 1— K^mombo. P7 (J. Jones).. 3 2 .1 h
'rime 1 01 1-5. Ptart had. Won driving.
Winner. J- Garden's b. f. by Henry of Na
\arre-Goldfn Dream. Ancestor 0.. Dusky .t^.
Dimple 112. AlBPnquIn 07. Mtoiiij; Unkfl,,
l>h.'r l>-«f »7. Colleen Dawn 112. Banderilla
87. Palette 105. also ran.
Stolen Moments was last to leave the
post. Within a furlonjr Stolen Moments
had rac<vl up to Rostand's quarters. The
Hampton Stable's colt went on in front,
closely pursued by Stolen Moments, with
Gaviota la*t. Hnlf way down the long
homost retch both Rostand and Gaviota
went over to the rail. Fuller, riding one
Of his best rac^s. shot up to Stolen Mo
mrnts a few strides short of the finish
end passed the judges a head in ad
vance of Kane's filly, with Rostaxd sev
era.1 lengihs away. Summary:
FIRST RACE— Six and a half furlong: eell
lar
Betting-. Hor?e. Wfi-ht, Jockey. Pt. % Fin.
2 to 1— K. Pepper. N* (Fuller).. .{ 4 1 h
JOu to 1— Alpaca, luft «D'»our«). .. 2 121
11 to 5— Van Ners. 110 'W. Fisher) 4 .J .1 h
.Tlnw, 1 :22 :t-5. Start fair. Won driving.
Winner. F. Farrell« ch. g. by Kjintaka-Gene
%levc Prlncer* Tulane KW. Mar}' Street 100.
Biprrta 110. I>ramatlst 1<)S. IVesenlation 10...
nonmrM los Eva Rueseil 105. Klfht and True
HZ. Mount Hope 110. also ran.
SEC^N'D KACE — One mile; selling: mare. 1
end i?<-ldir.gi>.
Bett!n*r Horte. Weight. Jockey. St. \ Fin.
U to .%— Gr«vina. 106 <OBrlen). ... 6 3 1 \
7 to 2 — Sweet Alice. UH5 (DumM.. 14 2 1
11 to JW-E11» Pnydei. 90 (J. Jonee) 4 2 3 2
Time. 1:41 3-r.. gtart good. Won driving.
Winner F. Derul*'s b. t. by Golden Garter-
Plr.k Cottaire. Mlledl Ixave W). St. S-ver 103,
Blue Victor 103. Beverly ICC. also ran.
This last-named filly was the outsider
of the three. As much as 12 t» 1 could
be obtained apainst her chances at times
during: the bettinp. That she .won was
due to the suicidal policy oursued by
the riders of Rostand and yto!en Mo
ments.
AQUEDUCT, Oct. 27.— Whatever there
was of excitement connected with to
day's racing was afforded by the favor
ite's defeat in the Nassau stake. There
¦were but three starters— Rostand. Odom
up; Stolen Moment*, with Redfem in the
saddle, and Gaviota, upon «rhlch Fuller
had the mount.
Special Dispatch to Th* CalL
WORTH SELECTIONS.
By the Chicago Inter Ocean.
First race — Alfredo, Big 1 Ben, Mar
lln/
Second race — Pronta, Alfred C,
Fingal.
Third rice— Brief, Tancred, El
Ghor.
Fourth race^ — William Wright,
Dick Bernard, Palmreader.
Fifth race — Grand Opera, Sidney
C Love, Thane.
Sixth race— Eva's Darling, ZyTa,
Sir Hugh.
Fifth race one mile and seventy yards —
Grand Opera 115. Little Boy 110, Benckart 107,
Fairrwry 107. Carat 107. Gregor K 105, Stuyve
1U4, Thane 102. Ethylene 102. Ancke 100, Sid
ney C. Love 100. C. B. Campbell 97.
Sixth race, six and a half furlong*, selling —
Eva's Darllnir 107. Lady Radnor 107, Nellie
Bawn 107. Premus 107. Ledus 107, Safeguard
10«. Sir Hugh 104. Morendo 104. Anirelo 104.
Zyra 104. Hickory Corners 102. Ponca 1C2,
Anna Beall 97, Dodona 97, Goodman 97.
Th'.ni race, one and a quarter miles, seil
lng—Kda Rlley 111. Brief 10TV. Hayward Hun
ter 102. El Ghor 90, Iyampoon 93. -Tancred 94,
Sarah Mailm 92. Sidney Sa bath 90.
Fourth race, jeIx furlongH, handicap — Dick
Bernard 123. Witchcraft 1<X>. William Wright
110. Rainland 107, Orderly 100, Soldier of
Fortune 103, Aggie Lewis 103. The Hebrew
9S. Palmreader 98. Badg-er Girl 05. Pat Ham
m<>n 02. (Witchcraft and. Bernard. Smathers
entry.)
Sfjcond race, one mile, selling — Alfred C 107,
Jamen J. Corbett 105, St. Slmonlan 102, Gala.
thee 105, Pineal 102. Bluemlnt 102. Marshals»a
lu2 Pro'nta 102, Tom Klngsley 07, Oscar 07,
Four I>eaf C 97, Atheola 97, Alllne Abbott 97,
Alee 87.
First race geven furlongs — Alfredo 112, Jet
1C9 Floral Wreath 100. Big Ben 109. Marlln
I<i9. Calcutta 109. Gllfaln 100. Mlaxas 109,
Clausue 1(13, Frontenac 105. Begone 102. Rosie
Dillon 102. Boundary 102. The Schwltzer 102.
Tawas 102.
CHICAGO. Oct. 27.— Entries
WORTH ENTBIES.
SIXTH RACE— Mile; purse:
Betting. Hoire. Weight. Jook«-y. St. V t Fin.
7 to 1— Jim Hale. 98 (Ferrell) 8 5 J 3H
fi to 1— Mary Moore, OS (Wilton).™ 2 4 2 nk
40 to 1— Frangible, 98 (Schwartz).. 5 7 3 2
Time, 1:414-5. Start fair. Won eafclly.
Winner, A. C. Jones & Co.'s b. g. by PIccolo-
Rillito. Jena 98, Dutch Carter U8. Mandamus
99. Lee Stinson 101, Harry Preston 99. Bard
Burns 102. Trer.tham 102. Baird 101, also ran.
Time, 1:00 2-5. Start good. Won In a canter.
Winner. O. W. Scott & Co.'s b. f. by Tam
many-Enid. Witchcraft 115, Belle Juan 103,
Katie Powers 103, also ran.
FIFTH RACE— Five and a half furlongs;
purse:
Betting. Horse. W«-i*ht. Jockey. St. «i Fin.
7 to 20 — Tokalon. 115 iHall).. 2 114
2t> to 1— My G«m, 103 (Pollarf)... 4 2 2h
9 to 1— Aggie Lewis, 112 (Wndly) 13 3 0
FOURTH KACE — One and an eighth miles;
handicap: :, _,
Bettlnp. Hnrse. Weight. Jockey. St. ** Fin.
3 to 1— Our Bessie. 101 (Ftrrell).. 1 1 1 nk
0 to 5 — P.or.da*e. 9C (Mclntyre). . . 7 5 20
30 to 1 — Cursus. 93 (Lowe) 5 6 32
Time. llGL Start poor. Won driving. Win
ner J. F. Newman's b. f. by Dalmeny-Bessie
Bisland. Dr. St«>h«>nB 07. Nitrate 102, Alr
llght 05. Merriment !i7, also ran.
THIRD RACR-SIx furlongs, selling:
Betting. Horxe. Wrfght. Jockey. St. * t Fin.
7 to 1— Mary McCafferty, 106
(Robbins) 4 j in
<) t0 io — (Venn Dream. 102 (Pollak) 2 t> 2 h
3 to 1— Never Fret. 107 (Adams), ft 1 3 M
Time 1-1.1 2-5. Btarv bad. Won driving.
Winner J. J. McCarthy's b. t. by Bensatlon-
Slpve. Stem Winder 103. Zibla 1U2, Cardwell
ton 104, also ran.
PTX-OSD RACE— Mile, purse:
Batting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
s to 1 — Walnamoinen. 102 (Fer
j-rll) 3 2 1 —
6 to 1— Chrlle Thompsn. 110 (Hall) 4 3-2
9 to 2— Potheen 102 (Adklnt) 6 6 3 2
Time 1 :4O. gtart good. Won easily. «in
ner Talbot Bros. 1 b. f. by The Commoner-
Matilda. Uenckart 110. Whisky Kins 101.
Ethylcne 110. also ran.
FIRST RACE— Five furlong. pu« e -
Cming. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
B to 2-«11fton For*?. 118 (Gray) 2 1 1 nk
8 to 10— Don Domo. 122 < Ferrell).. 1 2 2 «>
7 to 1— Princo Silverwings. 1W _ _
(Wilson) 6 o 3 .2
Time 1 :<H> 1-5. Start fair. W on handily.
wTnnTr'. U 8. Sire's ch. f. by Handsome-Ill Ize.
J. P. ftUyberry ion. Father Tallent 113. Faler
nlan 100. Modoc 103. William Parrish 103. also
ran.
CHICAGO. Oct. 27.— Our Bessie glad
dened the hearts of the. plkeTS in the
fourth race at Worth to-day, a handicap
at one and an elchth miles, which the
won by a neck from Bondage In a sen
sational finish. Our Bessie, always heav
ily backed, was pounded trom 8 to 2 to
3 to 1 to beat the 6 to 5 favorite, Bondage,
and she delivered the goods handsomely.
Our Bessie was off flying, while Bond
age and Dr. Stephens were all tangled up
and for a time it looked as though one
or the other 'would be thrown. Taking
advantage of this handicap Ferrell sent
Our Bessie along, leading all the way.
Rounding the far turn Our Bessie In
creased her lead and Bondage moved up
fast and got into second place in the
stretch. He was expected to run over
Our Bessie at the end, t>ut the same
little mare would not give way to him
and under a strong ride by Ferrell won
by a nose. ,
Tokalon was the only winning favorite.
Ferrrtl rode three winners. The. day
was clear, the card exceptionally good
and a large crowd was In attendance.
Summary:
Special Dispatch to The Call,
Game Little, Mare Re
wards Confidence
of Backers.
California Filly Beats
Rostand and Stolen
Moments.
GAVIOTA WINS
NASSAU STAKE
BONDAGE LOSES
TO OUR BESSIE
NAPLES, Italy. Oct. 27.— The- United States
runboat Machlas has arrived here and Is coal-
Ing preparatory to taking United States Con
sul Skinner and his expedition to Jlbutil.
French Somallland. whence the expedition will
start for Abyssinia.
PITTSBURG, Pa., Oct. 27.— Tom Jenkins
successfully defended his title of cham
pion heavy-weight wrestler of America,
defeating Dan McLeod, the Canadian
champion, two out of three falls.
Jenkins Retains the Championship.
Caught With Stolen Goods.
James "Wilson was arrested late last
night In a saloon at Howard and Beale
streets and charged at the Harbor Police
Station with burglary. He was found in
the place with a quantity of cigars and
tobacco in his possession. Wilson had
pried hi3 way into the place with a
Jimmy.
CINCINNATI. Oct. 27.— John Dewey, a
champion wrestler and noted athlete, was fa
tally shot to-day by two men, who escaped. It
Is thought that the assaaslns were hunting an
other man and ihot Dcwey by mistake.
The State Board of Dental Examiners,
which has been in session for the last
two days, finished its work last night and
adjourned to meet again in May. The
principal topic discussed was the en
forcement of the State dental laws. The
following officers were re-elected: Presi
dent, Dr. ,C. A. ,Herrick, Jackson; secre
tary. Dr. F. G. Baird, San Francisco;
treasurer, Dr. J. M. Dunn, San Francisco;
executive committee, Dr. G. E. Schlllig,
Marysville; Dr. Russell H. Cool, San
Francisco; Dr. H. R. Harbison, San
Diego.
Dental Examiners Close Session.
The California varsity football team de
feated an eleven composed of alumni on
the Berkeley gridiron yesterday by a
score of 6 to 0 in a sort of burlesque foot
ball same. Neither side tried to play
hard.
There were several good plays, how
ever, by both teams. Hall and Greisberg
twice fooled the varsity men with over
head passes after being tackled. Kaars
berg, another veteran, did some excellent
line bucking. Overall made several punta
of more than forty yards and hit the
line like a ton of brick whenever he was
given the ball.
The varsity backs continually violated
one of the first principles of football in
attempting to make detours when about
to be tackled. The Interference was good.
The line showed remarkable strength, al
though the ends do not get down the
Held fast enough on punts. The backs are
speedy and are bound to make a fine
showing in the big game. Every player
on the team tackles low and almost in
variably stops his man.
. The varsitv kicked over on the start
and the alumni sent the ball back to the
middle of the field from the 25-yard line.
The varsity advanced the ball about
twenty yards- and fumbled. The alumni
fumbled In turn and the university team
got the ball.
The opposing elevens seesawed back and
forth across the field for a few minutes
and finally the alumni were forced back
to their 10-yard line. After two or three
line plunges, Snedigar was sent through
the alumni right tackle for a touchdown.
Overall kicked the goal.
The ball did not get close to either goal
line during the remainder of the half.
Demeritt of the varsity got through clev
erly and blocked a kick just before the
whistle blew.
During the second half both teams fum
bled frequently and were penalized for
offside play. The varsity did not attempt
to advance the ball by rushes to any
considerable extent but played mostly on
the defensive. This gave Overall plenty
of opportunity to show his art as a pun
ter. The line-up follows:
Varsity. Position. Alumni.
Oliver It. E. L Decoto
Heitmuller R. T. L. Whlpple
Overall.... R. G. L ;. . ..Grelstxrg
Stroud Center Dunbar
8tow L. G. R O'Toole
Hor/ard L. T. R Hansen
Demerrltt L. E. R Barry
More. Geary Quarter Ellis
Fnedlgar. Whlpple. R. H. B White
Mini: I> H. B Hall
Force. Full Kaarsberg
Referee and umpire, Christie and Morse;
linesmen. Kern and De Leon; halves, twenty
minutes. «
8
ADVEBTISEMENT&
FIVE CENTS
Best Smoke en Earth — On Sale Everywhere
¦ ' - . .LDVEBTISEMENTS.
n^tBWB^^C) I xj. v -^» Aa Iliiiwi
U f *Worry Kills more Men than War/ B
g&jsi JL V-/A JL JL X V«/ X x I* clx VV vCli HJLv^OO ir^'l
BSw^u bSBhSjISPEAKZES PRAISE CEOCKER.
CSOWD TWO HAULS.
GZKSLSJT EZFCBLICANS.
CSOTTDS APOLI>0 rT*TT..
Airo-AnericarL Leapis Cheers fcr
the Eepatlicas S"c=iree.
Th^ mi55-n:*«tirzg hell In AjcIIa HaH
last nirht under the auspic*s of the Afro-
Arrertcan Leag « w£i well attended and
the enthtislu~ I ?r the candidates ots the
Republxan ticket was great. S. M. Da
vMscn pre«I--e<I a.t the raeetlag' ani tntro
t~~.*-i ti» various speaker's. G. W. TThlt
>r. a- oclrred man of Intelligence, dls
c.ss*d the issues cf th» campaign. He ap
jealed to his feUawnen *.» vets for the
P.ep-ufclicsa ticket. H« told them what
¦the party h^i done for the race. He ex-
KaOcd the vtrtaa of Henry J. Crocker and
cabled upon the =e=.3«rs present to stand
bv the entire ticket.
Lods N. Jacois. candidaLte fcr Reccrd
«r. was Introd-ced ar.d delivered a short
f-*ech In behalf cf the ticket. He called
attention to t.h» fact that his gp-porrers
erattee c? LAior. then ia seaatoa. as "3"enaw
Trad* Uniocista'- asd toi.i t£«3 that te w«
«i=ply a laborer aad wa** earner. Ke. thea
cas3« hocae i_-.-I work&i >£ay asil =-?-: with.
Bess HTsef trying to yet the Re^iSUcaui Eoes-
Baajs for 11-s.ror. Wls<ra that failed h* r^c&d
ed ap> w"oat f«w str*r*!ers there w*re Iftft of
tha CeJoq LaSct p*r^y aad he 1» new ciai:=
tar iha: he repreaeat* tt* Sahcr nirrrr:* of ".in
city- What unions does Sctssiti represent T
We don't kno«* ci aay union* ia politics *J
•oca aa<l the salon rsea of this city ar* is~
socr-dar &i=» *=*£ his t.»a. Ah« Esef. aa
trailers. Cars »ni fraraJs. •
Ha ti mcfr. ta his wild dailrtaai. shoctias
that K te Is coc eiect*i the E^apiuyers' A*
coctatfoa wta destroy cor csiesa aad. <T3Cti2S
the big strtka cf two yean ago ta> *ho>w th*;
If Jfr. Crocker 13 el'sctsd tha poOea w»2 itart
ta V3 heat the in:a erst cf th« warttagaasa
cf this dry.
The Empt-Tyers" A3Sce£aH»3e. stTsrt b<» terrTbfe
feildwa. Frestdetrt G-3Cipers or ti« AaLertc*a
Federsi&si o* T »?v aad the grea.; Eaicr lead
era cf the world tea t» thai tt is Setter to
have th* employers cryaaised. as It Is easy U
ia buain«»s wim aa organised tody.
Hew iid the sr.:itrs en tha city front and
their employers rst on before Stayer Sctnltx
asd Boss K=ef wera ever kaows aad. bef or*
»»•.* after th* «trSte cf tn years aya?
13 stxtizg the fjli^wlai facts w» chal>nz«
aad defy coctradfdtoa. Let tha Br.ii-j!T aa
rwvr fcr thesiaelvea.
Asswer. yoa ri«s?r» *nd atevedsres, is tt act
a fact that your union has beea la existence
fcr over farcy years aad- dsriay all cf those
years the csesiters cf the Qnploysrs" Juao
ciitica ca-«^ to yocr inesihera the hl*he»t
-mtlX'**. e&crtesl t-r.r> fairest piay a— *i bes:
treaxrsent of aay ri?T*r» aad st*v«ioce» ta the
wcrid? Tctskaaw tha: ta gnai. t*-: «n 4- i tad
tla»s. tefire electloca aad after dect^cas. the
bajtaess iaea of this city fywsr emp{ojgi»
alwavs treated yocr z=::r. rizat. aad wh«s
yea weat cc stni* yoa had co trcuhle er
jrietraace of. yocr owa. Toa kacw that •crOcs
RI2*UBLICAN STANDARD
BEARER AND OTHER PROM-
HE2CBX J. CTLOCZ.E.R. the Y^e
z~bCi-ran socsiaee. for Mar^r.
wxs acccrced the closest at
tesa - - lad was recerved witi (he crea.t
«st «?ctir^sia5j=- If the meetings wnlch
last night can be cseS as a
cr.--r. -- ta« stir-dard bearer wCI be the
E*xt iliyjr cf San Francisca.
The recepcSca Acccrded Mr. Crocker by
' " - Afr-:-Am»r-..^an Zjez^-ze in Apcllo- Kail
'----"--I tie heart cf the cs^-iidate
.- Trs_a by tie jrreetin^s «•
teaflrt him by the resiients cf the
Bf :z« c-nset District. A2 the meetings
were crowdesl to the doers. Mr. Crocker's
r.es were sh-srt ir. i to the point.
* praises be made wer» few, bst fee
ac«sred tis auditors tha.; bm wonld ful-
Eli Hksh t» the letter if elected Mayer cf
this t£ty asd corsty. When Mr. Crc-cker
h_i inished hi^ tzri work he expressed
great satisfaction. He now teds do^biy
c^r-.a:- that ba will b* elected. His asso
ciates ca the ticket are also r^b€Lant *ri
ic !:r a :l«aa rweep ***'t ye*r.
many others.
members cf the club win spare no
effort from now on to insure tne election
cf Crocker. They will turn ou: in a body
next Saturday night and act aa the spe
cial escort to the standard bearer of the
Republican party.
The following efneers were elected at
the meeting last night: President, itar
shaH Hale of Hale Bms.; vice presidents.
TC. C. Mnrdock. president Western Na
tional Bank; H. D. Field of Hammersmith
& TUI&, David O. Church cf the Charles
Warren Company. TV. B. Dwyer ci the
Golden West Iron Works. A. J. Lowen
berg. casiiier Crrcntv Bank; Colonel Rob
ert Wetseie. Golden VTe-jt Hotel; C. M.
Rcsseaa. architect; JsBa BntateL L X.
l~ Packing Company; D. J. Grannian.
C&dqpi Theater; Vamey W. Gaskiil, HU
bert Mercintile Corn?any: Lawrence Vin
cent. Colombia. Auction Hocse; John Tut
tle, contractor; J. Goldmau. tidies' tailor;
O. B. Nagie. attorney at taw; E. R. Gai
land. Mercantile Towel Company; Adam
Sillier, contractor; Frank Kramer, marine
engineer; M. Mcses, furrier; H. L. Batch
eler, capitalist; V. Grothwell. merchant;
O. A. HassUnger. <Ienti3t; F. W. Lux.
physician: Leslie E3fendaM. electrician;
B. W. Richardson, A. P. Hotaling Cora
pany; Gecrse Lane, advertiser; J. M.
Crawford, machinist; J. W. Harris, physi
cian; John Zachert. chemist, and G»iorga
Kent, United States Mint; secretary, Wil
liam Stanford, H. S. Cz^c&ez Company;
assistant secretaries. George Sharp and
David L,. Reynolds: treajrarer. G-crge B.
KnowIes-McLaughUn Company.
The following resolution was adopted:
"Wr^creos. The Greater Saa Francisco CIsb
txs l«a arsaaise-i fcr the ptrrsose et atilss
ta everj- ;c<!atbie way aU dea#ures that teed
ta t>>» t=3r;v«3«:t of tis* cen<iiticc» o< oar
saaal.tipalirj- azd to tie fortheri^ix of it* la
terests: irrt •
Where**. Saa r"rac;±scc. the aietrjcolis of
th>» PicKc C.-ejt. ty rtaaoc cf It3 attaalian as
th« ri:swa7 t* the trtd« of the Orient, ia des
tined to- be one of tie rrwttest cities of tiJs
nation, aad tt l» ifMlfPun necessary thai we
shedd have p^-oi nien !a cflce aad a faithful
a.-±sni=isTrati?3. of r~.n-',cizal a2a£rs fa. order
that tie t=jz=.er pi-«rile<i fcr new aduxtl feocses.
parks aad the i=provetnes.ts to ocr streets aa<I
sewer «y»teat raay t* hcneatly aral Jadldally
ex;<;cdeii : aad as we*are on the eve ef aa elec
tion cf city cficen til3 organtjaUaa. cemjeaerf
cf citizeas of all politic*! faiths, his carefaay
coraii;«»r«d the ccaiiScatlccs cf the varloas
candidate* f^r the ciSxx of Mayer cf tiu elty
a=d ci:!icty aad has conctoderl to snrsxart a
fccstaese rcaji frr a buaineasilke adnsiaiartra
tlctt cf the a*!*air» cf our municipality, there-
Jare b* it
Resclvei That we. the Eecfcert o£ the
Greater £ia Fri^eisco CTcb. recoratria* ta
Keary J. Crocier, tha cficaiee cf the Repablt
caa paxzr, a =aa peculiarly by trattr
ta* and eiDeriecce ta ctrj^eriy adailaiaxer the
a^ttirs of tiia *¦¦¦¦¦»¦ *|— ***n pledy* oarselves
t.7 his support aad to the use of all hocorahia
and teglrfrnatt raeas* to seircre fcii «I«ctiaa.
The Nyland-Bent Club cf the Thirty
seccafi Assembly District was organize
last night at Carnation Hall. Sctrth San
Frandsco. Joseph Norton was elected
president and Herman C. Becker secre
tary. Short speeches were made by WU-*
T^m- McKeca.' E. J. Barry, and .Rl * C-
BirbeT After the meeting, of the orsad-
Kyland-Bent dab.
To-night a big meeting win be held at
its Aliiamsra. Theater under the aas
pices of the German-American Republican
Clab. Colonel Robert Wieneke will pre
side. Anaonr the speakers will be Jud
C. Brusle. O. F. von Rheln. J. F. Plage
mann. Edmond Tauszky and Julius Kahn.
The Hermann Q-^artet, consisting cf John
V. Oppe!. Cferfs Heiax. H. Hackfeld and
H. H. Marquard, will «iag s*Teral cam
paign series composed for the occasion.
Robert Lcrenti will renCer the solos.
Henry J. Crocker, George H. Bah-3
Harry Baehr, John E. McDougaid E S*
Salomon. Henry H. Lynch. William E*
Lct£ John J. Grelf. L, K. Jacobs. r>r!
T. H. Morris and the candidates for Su
pervisors wUl a.lso be called upon for
There win be a Joint rally this eves-
Ing under the auspices cf the Thirty-first
; and Thirty-second -Assembly districts at
. the Potrero Opera-house. Eighteenth and
! Tennessee streets, to be addressed by
John S. Partridge Frank Murphy Jo*-n
T. Xocrse. A- Van der Xaden and all
the candidates. *
1 Citizens. of the Thlrty-seccnd Assenicly
[ District wffl meet at Masonic Hall. &3uth
¦ San Francisco, Fourteenth and Railroad
; Aves.s.ts. - Speeches will be. made by J G
\ de Forrest. A. Van der Naillea. Charles
: Craig and all the candidates.
To-morrow evening there win be a Re
; publican rally In the Twenty-ninth DIs
' trlct at Manzanita HaH, Perry street, be
; tween Fourth and Fifth. Republicans c*
the Thirtieth District win meet at Tets
tonla Han. Howard street, between Ninth
; and Tenth. At Mangel's Hall, on Twen
\ ty-fourth and Fclsom streets. Repub
• licans will rather to-morrow nlgfct.
; ! Republicans cf the Forty-fifth Assem
bly District win hold a meeting to-mor
row night at Washington Square Han.
\ Dr. Campbell Ford wffl preside. " "
Big Bally at Alhambra Theater To-
Hight.
The members of the Greater Saa Fraa
dsco * RepubJIcaa Club gathered last
night at their headquarters. 1134 Market
street, and after many prominent speak
ers had addressed the vast assemblage
resolutions were adopted supporting the
Republican standard bearer and aa elee
tisa of cfScers of the club took place.
Grea* enthusiasm was manifested. Th«
hall was packed to the doors and when
ever Crocker's name was mentioned a
storm of applause came. Short speeches
sounding the praises of Crocker were de
livered by Lawrence Vincent. A. Lv Hart.
A. C Berthier. J. B. Plymire. E. W.
"VVcciwird, £. I*. - Van der XaSIlen aad
Maca "Znthcsiaaia at Greater Saa
Francisco dab's Gathering-.
The meeting thea adjourned aad cheers
were given for the RepcbHcaa standard
bears r. Mr. Crocker went among the
voters and grasped many hands befor*
leaving the ball.
Ijonk^ig dewa «pcn this asdierce I «*<; 0*1:7
izrr.','.\»- face*. I te» n^:et of you p»<;cl<».
t^iia* I ha.*e teea yxja ia the fcaildii^s cf the
cttj-. I have had dealias* wtrh you. I fcer
ycti are all avea crder erapicTmeat aad I a.^j
very g^i H te wtth yea ta-tiyht.
I hive Dtrre hctors thra«t upon iae than I
ever exj*cte<i la cry life. Every ooe cf ss has
13 cfc^ect ta this world. Every cce cf us is
etriins* to out mesx eiTm-t far the rjod cf the
pubtie aad far their friead»- I fca.»« >•¦» ', occa
»ica to take cp tiu ca=jai«a. the first ta ayr
life. *ad prsbaiJy the last, becaase I don't de
•ire t» fe« aa ctics-hciier aad cfSee-seeker. I
desire to help, aiy feltow ns«a. I wish ta
leave e:y tosta*s» for two years aci give th«
city kc* retsra tor what I have received here.
I have not appealed ta aay irarr cr a=y elajm.
I «taipiy appeal to yoa all. aad I caa safely aay
that I caa represent every cce wtta fairaeso. I
represent a party cf which I asx very prcod.
I represent the jrn»*t Repahitcaa partr cf these
faited State*. I aai jlad ta fee a fsCower ef
McKialey tad Rocwrrelt. *ApCaa»e.> I aa*
protxd t» represent a party that ta naticEai ar.-l
State pc;:ti :s asd. I hop*, ia city politics. wtU
be the party cf the next two years in. Sajx
Francisco. Aad If I aai elected I wlU pt« roa
half cf Republican principles. Harry
Baehr prcrnised tls* gathering that if he
was re-elected fee would give the pecp'.e
as good an administration of his oCce as
h* had already dene. WLilaia E. Lctz.
candidate for PubUo Adnlnistratar. foudkl
many friends in the audience- He is a
veteran ot the Rebellion and his record
as a adiler *n<S sailer ts the best- He
was in the battle of Gettysburg and after
ward with Admiral Farragut at the pas
sag? cf ttf fens ta Mo£2e Bay. He five
the n ««*—*¦¦? »g» an Interesting account cf
the history cf the Republican party and
told what it had dca« te the <rr-I<>red man.
He also >»*¦"¦¦* the voters present that
fce was a candidate fir the oSce of Pub
lic Administrator and If elected ha would
give them a ci*aa aiJTrrfr.trtratics.
G. W. Chivers, a colored orator frcm
Detroit. MIch_ told the colored men not
t<> r^.r a-t pclltics. tKX. to get Into the
game and secure seme share cf the plums
that fall to the victors. Ke thcught the
eclcred men shocll be rtccgnlxed. a« they
did much to bring about the election of
cffrfals.
Miss Ophelia Davi.-isca. daughter of the
chairman, played the zither and. sang "A
Etrd in a Gilded Cage." Mr. Crocker
noted this fn hl3 speech by saying he had
eeen a picture un-ler the tame title- a few
days ago. This statesseat aroused a great
deal cf laughter.
i A. A. Van <ler Xailien. Fred Egg^rs and
; Mixweil MeNctt a.lso delivered speeches.
v* he- ilr. Cracker was presented the en-
I thuslassa rearhed a cilaxax. It was some
S minutes before he ccul-l speak. izj& whea
I th* nciae had subside"! he spoke as tal
i lows:
Charles Epear. Harbcr ComnSssioner.
was present and surprised the big crowd
by delivering an excellent speech, in be-
Judge &Iwin M. Sweeney was given a
great reception when he was presented.
He was ta his heme district and tis many
frieruis in the acdlssee cheered loolly for
him. Marc Anthcny. the Republican
crater, delivered a cpiendid address 02
Republican principles. He ma given doe*
attention and was applauded throughout
his rs*ech.
was seeking a. thiri term and he th<jugbt
It time that eoma cne else was given a
cnane** to run the oCce tn a business-like
ntann*r.
M. J. C00L a relative cf Judg» G*ors*
K. Eihrs, candidate fcr Assessor, won
many vctes fcr that popular man by his
forcible speech tn his befc&If. H* pai-I a
fcugh tribtite ta Henry J. Crocker. He
called attention ta ilr. Crocker's unblem
ished r^ccrri and he denounced the efforts
of certain newspapers to cas: aspersions
oa the ftan-iard-fc-earer. In speaking
about J\zdg<? Bairs h* said the Latter wa*
b«:m en tap cf BroAdway Kill an-i had
risen from the hamble pesitien cf soap
maker to that cf Superior Jcdge and was
now **<king the higi honcr of represent
ing the people of this cirr aj Assessor.
He also said that Dr. Dodg- was striving
tat a thiri tens. scKsetiiing tnac Wash
ington had r*f=sed &sz& which wa3 not
accorierl t2 Grant. He called upon the
voters to stand by the Republican ticket.
Bepublieans of Thirty-Seventh Dis-
Cheer for Crocker.
Devisadero Hall, comer of Devisadero
and Page streets, was packed to overflow
ing last cigfct with voters cf the Thirty
sev-nth Assembly District, who were anx
ious* to greet and listen to the standard
bearer of the Republican party. The big
hall was too small to accommodate the
gathering and another hall was pressed
into «ervice- "Mr. Crocker had to force
Ms way through both crowds ia order to
get oa the platform and address the as
sembled voters. The cheering could be
heard for many blocks. Frank McGowaa
D-e-*Med mX the meeting. He made an ex
eeTent presiding ofScer and Introduced
th« various speakers and candidates with
•peeches that were full of vtai. Edwia I.
Wolfe State Senator from the' district.
and Arthur G. Ftsk. secretary cf the Re
publican campaign, committee., delivered
«p<»eches that aroused enthusiasm. Theo
dare Lunstedt. candidate for Supervisor,
and other candidates delivered speeches.
The meetings were fon of Republican ea
thustsm. Mr. Crocker was given the as
surance that he wculd carry the district
by a big majority.
The Republican stamdard-bearer was in
troduced as the next Mayer cf Saa Fraa
daco and the ndse made by the dtixeus
caused the window canes to rattle. In
part Mr. Crocker said:
I «e* tr the gppcritiaa pagers that I aai mat
<sf the Cjttt. I aerer weal tato a. Cjfit ta bj
life that I did act tatead ta wta. la tHa aao
nlctpal fl*it I tare ft««a teadered aa htmar
whica wrsjiJd be considered a yreat cetapliaieat
b T aajr rrrar> ta the Uaited States, aad I ku»w
t?i«i joe poopte wtil help ra ta carry act tit*
wtshes of the reatieatea vho acsitsated m*
ajui ao aiaa will appreciate better thaa I tae
heccr of lieisr at the head erf tas adaitEistra
tica of this «r«a.t ctty. I-aat eeatraiied by jsa
bosses aad sever had a toss. I tar« atwa»
¦ beea csy own boss.- ; : " ' ':-"¦". . -.:
i Sty record ta. Saa Fraactsco mnrmt fce la»
pirach**.' ¦ I ha.*e ai»*p«<l til* sastaiaatSaa wtta
cat any pledge*, bn! bow st&ks m. term p£ed«e»
Addresses 3£any 2£eeiiiigs and Is
Warmly Beceired.
Mayor Eugene E. Schir.it* ts campaign-
Ing tn a vigorous manner aad last even-
Ing he addressed four district meetings
aad al3o two sodal gatherings.
The Mayor first weat to the Petrero
Opera-house, where he was received with
great enthusiasm by aa audience that
completely filled the bdMlng.
At Pioneer Hall on Fourth street th*
jam was so great that the Mayor had
dlHIculty Ia getting" into the hall when
he arrived. Here the Mayor received a
rousing reception from his supporters.
and «f f *^ r?ar scenes were^nacted at Sara
tega Hall ta the Forty-second District
and at Stetake Hall. Octavia and Union
streets, which Is fa the Mayor's home
district Ia which his two political oppo
nents reside.
I In addition to the above meetings
Mayor Schmitx addressed the meeting of
the Aadeat Order of Hibernians at Tur
ner HaH and the Young Men's Institute
at Native Sacs' Hall. Eighteenth aad Va-
Iezicfa' streets. .
; At the Potrero Opera-house Mayor
Schmitx iaformed his hearers of the agi
tation t>»» existed against the location of
the pesthouse ta that locality aad his owa
efforts to have it removed to another see-
Uon of the dtT-
The Mayor thea compared the condi
tions existing *ia Saa Fraadsco whea he
went Into ofice aad the cocditicas at the
present time. He daiaied that daria? his
admteistratica prosperity tacreased. that
tne wagre earners received more returns
and that their hours had beea shortened
3EATOS SPTAXS TO C3OWDS.
i put cist af tastaess «ona» cf yesr cr>3ts*t
1 friead* a=<i tei^ enrr-lcye-*. *a»l ycu h*.wa
1 t^^er ceased t* r»sren the i^»s tt these fr^f.-:.l.T.
' Acsw»r, y?a toesahore fesil'e: L-eg. do aot
f the <3,~ * facts arE*r t£» yc;cr oaicn? Ard \m
\ \z act a. Ijlsx tha: the P*^i3e Ft=e Ljtsther
j Cacs;«37 eaij Fc;* & Tilbct"* Cct=p*37 art
I ti* test ecrpicTer* cf lTinb>?r=sea ca eariiT
APPLIES TO XTZnO^S.
Let the faHawlas d.i a=*i estahttiirf =aiaa»
J«ay tia; tie atowQ ficu Aa t^-c ajpSy «
thera:
The rcedrMr-rj* sag &=ilier< Caica.
Csiaa. tie S^rpcaierif Cnica. the Hctjcisj
Krsgt^agry* VsSie. th* Cial shoreiars* CXSOa
: ir<i an cthar tit; iocs on. th-» watar trz-z.;. Thcaa
I calaca. ti* *v.»r froet a=d ti* fcaat=«s» — * 1
: w«r» raiaad toseiier a^ui aTMtsirs r3l on wea
' tos-ther. T5e result cf tS* •trtate w»» : »
, searly trrjie th* back cf •r-rr cics tafxg^A
I la IZ. aad wSses tie strlit* waa ©r«r ih* c»22
i ters c! e*ca saics azin&t ta t» bciM thefr
; yr:*':^* c? agaia as«i rscce+iv.i ta y»t:t2* fcxck
' ta their «jM xzsdisx. It Is a fart btycisl a3
, ; .-.'-.. : - that ess- «rnp*Ty>et-» iih* ncafram =iea>
' sset clie resr««fOiailT»» of cur -z.~:- -.• =icr»
; tiin half way a=«i asaiatsii a* ta bsildisz B3
ccr . = - -zj
i A33-»*r. Aadreir F*m3«h. Is it tsoC a fact
thxt 7 --¦-. sir. whH« actia* ttv sertral TiaiaBa
•J^j ?e*r asi but year, wer* E»t =cr« titan
half way ty tre Mertiaars" aai Shi^w _«r»'
: AssccfatiocT
L* it act a Sacs tha: the nj»as bdiila^ trmd-es
! <rf r*r:< dry are ta periaer tarrsocy artta ts*tr
; erspIcTers aad ha.T» ao faar for the fafcjr" *.-..!
: declare- that the heat tat*resr» of th» saisa
' an of KMi dD xr: sa^» ta th«- haads c£ th«
: The anioa c-*a cf tils city har* co fsar ef
I tie ccI'jc* cr Gaz'.ir.t 1=1 Xa=*rais e»b*
i Serj of the srstiee (crce ars oe=iS«r» <rf dty
i front Tr- <«->*•¦« a-«i r^jr »;-» Do=Je*Ty l> a. *ity»
I wiIeM aa«i aa hc=*3aht« =a=£«r oC the Sri^
: wrtshfir tTrfrtn
The uai;a ia*a ef this elrr *r» act foot* aad
i tier wrU act t* ied away tr f*I*e> fn*=iat
' Tt«y will ae« anJ tllni far tie=jeires. Tb»y
ha.T? co s» '-,~ Bess Ksef cr Bess 3u :!.' ii.
: the frtead cf tha *¦;•*..:. Th*r wxas eo a»r» cf
itzXab'a **Go ta wcri or be ciuhbed." Ther
! win stay wtta the party cf pra»
i p«rtty »•"? crctaction. aai trary wtU ptri th*hr
j «¦»-? cf ajiirjTAl ca the prtactptea aatl pciicy
[at t2m R«5Chr.g*a party s-s -Ati^s day by
Sslsctinx E«=ry J. Crtcksr Xaycr <rf tie etty
<£ Soa Fronctseo i7 an ynrwt*>~lzx s=*-
I farm. THOiIA3 HiOCCOmi. Prtstiasa.
I O HAjrSSX. Secretary.
District, the Mayer repeatsd tha jist cf
his previous speeches ef the *tk±zx. la
hl» heme district, at Stefcala KaO. t*a
audience waited until a late hour fsr hia
arrival and save him a waz-A welcccie-
H* told of tha scnool tmprovemests he
had secured fsr the district aad th*a
dwelt epea the strikes that had txx^rtd
ia the last few years ta this dty.
"At the time cf the teamsters* ttrfka,"
he said, "the Mayor was a xaSlcaaire.
He had no sympathy with the wtsrkms
mea and the result was that bleed waa
shed ta that strike and armed mea were
Imported ta be placed ca the truck i I de
plore strikes, far they injure the ts*
plcyer. the employe and also the pcbllc
The wajs-eamers desire t» deal fairiy
with the emrlcyers. and. agifn X say. I
deplore that ther* has beea a meHremasf
to array f«r J?>> against labor. We have
eajoyed peace and prosperity dsrisjc tha
last two years; why shocL2 w» tot esSsr
a contlnnanc* cf these ccr.dliiflr.sT*
Anot2ier Csspain. Canard.
Ia aa evesia? paper cf last dsht sp
l peared a stat^raeat ;crpcrt£zs to ccme
frcta P. O. Acne, a member of tha Xor
wegiaa dab Fraax. aad assextmg :hx: th *
SSD meavbers of the cluo ars all sepport
i=.S McXab's candidate. Tat.*, far Mayor
ta the. present nrunicrpa! caarpalgrt.
The uzdersi rne-i ta a mezaher c£ tha
Norwegiaa Ctub Frazs. aad tausediateiy
epea readia? the article refcrietS ta I
called Its alleged author by telephoae.
Mr. Aaao thea and there deaied th«
statetaest credited to him by the- eresias
paper, aad said that 1: was the height ef
absurdity to think that he fsr a mcaseat
would cadertajLe to tpeak far the other
members of the dab.
The Ncrweglaa Club Trim ts a soda!.
sot a political orsznfzatioa. Eaca mem
ber determines for fr?-T~»»;« ii s poli^cal
adlatica aad csa ia no earner be bouad
by any action takea by the dab. Za tact,
the dub cannot take any arttea oa political
matters, aa ro llzl ? 5 is eatlrerjr pgrrtde its
sphere of JsrtsdJcticn. Indivliualiy tha
zaeavbers are pcllrically mostly adheresss
of the Republicaa party, aad I aa ta a
posirioa to know that a majority, t? zzi
all cf thea, are supporting the Repchli
caa nomine* for Mayor. Henry J. Crscker.
I regard the story published by the
evening paper as a shaaieless slaader oa
the good 1WB8 cf the Norweztaa Club
Fram, which was orgaatied for a a much
ccrs aoble purpose thaa that of p~:iin<
Bess McXab's political chestnuts oct ot
the fire. <X A. TVETTMOS.
Saa Fraacisco. Oct. 3. VXS3.
•tTHATOoar. tr^i.. ccs. tr.— ts» ctnm tt
VTza-zxa. aad Ta^tMtro. ta-dar T&tati to cost
socaaz*. waier th* =.%.-=* of BeS^azhaav aft*
T*"^-!^*"* Sv. ca wiOsh. SoCa *r» ilTiNi
and that these bettersjests were dze In j
part to fcf^ admlnistratloc
I Tfce Mayer devoced scs« tinae> to tha
closes that led to the teamsters' strike
and bis labor* la ending the eanaea's
strike. He arraigned the- Employers" As
sociation as beinc the canse of tha team
sters' strike and that It wad by their
order that Mayor PheLrn Instructed the
police ta clab the strikers.
Mayer Schmltx crsed hl3 hearers to I
work Cor the success cf tha TJniots Liber
ticket so that the worktn^nsea mi jht bet
ter thefr conditions.
! "As I have often said Ia this cam
paign." continued the Mayor. "I aa op
posed ta any step> ts> array capital asahist
labor, but that tssne fcas bees raised br
oar opponents- I b-ellere is. capital ha-r
in^ every legStlisaSe opportunity for tn
vestnient so that labor may enicy remsa
eratrre pay.
"Our opponents claim that labor Is be
coming: too Independent and tt !s time ta
ccrb. on? movement for bettering the coc
dirions of the worklnyman. .
"Fcr that reason they desire to defeat
ocr ticket ta order to again hold the whrp
ever your head. We have no newspaper
to devote cohrn*.n.i to onr cacse. fcet I do
not care for that. I want my name to be
fn the hearts cf the people, the piais peo
ple- whora I represent and whose «ervant
I am srosd be.
**We have Y*a p«aee asd prcsperltr Zsr
the last two years: why should we have
a change cf administration which has
helped to bring abect the present condi
tions? Let tt be known on election day
that yea have elected onr entire ticket
and rebnke ocr eppoceats who are tryin 5
to defeat i» hy false and slanderocs state
ments."
Powel Fredrick. Unloa Labcr candUats
for Cocsty Clerk, received a rwssmy wel
come frcsa. the residents Ia the Pstrero.
Fredrick told cf the tig shortas* that
bad beea discovered fa tie c£ca cZ the
Cctmty Clerk and declared thai the cfilce
had beea under ccctrol of a certain cllsrce
for many years. He premised a complete
ref cna Ia the office tf * he waa elected.
At Pioneer Kill oa Fourth street Mayor
Scnnutz said that th« welcome accorded
to him. wocld give him ren*w«d eocras«
for the £?nt. He Informed the andiesce
that every meeting of the. party was en
thusiastic and over£owizs Ia numbers aad
that the wcrklas people were determined
to win oa etectSca day.
Continues. Mayor Schmitz said: "The
people of this country lcv» fair play and
Justice; that Is why they went to war with
Spain ta fc^half of Cuba. The people of
this dty win see fair play oa electloa day
and win roll cp such a majority as rd
effectually silence the false stateaieats
of ocr oppenests."
At Saratcsa Kail, la the Forty-secocd
THE "Water Frcnt Henry J-
Crccker Clnb, Thcnias ilcCon
neU president, teld a. meeting
at club- teadcix^rters, 15 Fol
som street, yesterday. Tha at-
tendance wa3 Large and keen
Interest wa3 manifested In the proc«<i
tngs. The foUowins- address to tiie work
t*-grr!«»Ti <y€ San FVanctsco wa3 cnanimons—
Iy adopted:
Wcrfci=sr=«E of Saa Francisco: Ars t* ?ot=r
t» allow oarselTes to fc* viliie>i and fil*el7
wpreseated and arrayed aa a claaa agaisat
our employers the trzatsjesa area of this city?
WV are toW br **!>« *«r Go" GaJIa^ter. a
shyster Ltwyer that the bcataess sea asd tha
RepuWtcaa party ar» ocr to- destror ocr on-
loea an»J i? we don't wnrrr fc> f*ce G«.f Ttrg j
gus» "tiea Ja. Gcnf* car* Tot* fir SciisUtx."
aa>i tie- fasare shriek oi this toot of Eoes Aie
RseJ M17 ;r Ecgra* Sctr-ittX i» heard *U o^rer
the city teUinsr tha wsrkirjrniea that he ts
Statin* fisr ocr tssloca. Ke Is t«Cissf th«
wor5cUi«T=«a that tf w« do cot vot» for hi=i aa
we aaarclietj m Laior day onr ecrpioyers. ta«
tiainess inea of tSie» dry. wd g-> 4.T»a th»
it» and d««tray B=il5a afrer cnioa 1£ Hearr 1
J. Crocker ts eiect«i. ScasIU ts DSpsdiaiei I
aa«l despised fcr the woriissrsea all orer the
dty. He pcintj t» his rscori. "What Is his !
record ? Eis int *ct wan fc> hand hlsis«i5 !
a-**, t&* w^orkiscaiea bcilx ami sod orer to
Abe Roef. Next h* west « a Hapnblicaa 6«a.-
Qset aad hi* ftrat woris were. "ilr. Toa3£
oajtsr aa«i FeEow RepatUcaadL*" He thz=ju<l
the BejraWicaa party for elecslc* tint and
iti-^i t^t he xu a F.*puiii:aa feeca,3a« he
b#U«ved Ja tte prtartpl** of th*r party whica
jti»l fcr tt* protectjoa of the w*jr« earners
ajai Aa«rlcaa ludsstriea; bec&isa the Repc^-
Ucaa party stocwi fcr cts*! ri«ata to alL K*
(tase<i that h* wu cppoae<J to corrupt bca»ea
ta poUtica. last art«r te had fm, ratal ort; th«
•»- jrici=ar-^L*— 's party Ui a:» Kzef. ooe of tha
sain correpe aad sre«caeroc3 towen ia Anarr
' t-:t aa weQ 4 « & traitor asd & reae^ade. H*
th«a w«st t> fazv Jose ta th« Interest cf xh«
Good Gcwemseat Lttgz* aad took Pmrry
wtta him. pretealiax to represent tie work
t^g ¦;•»!¦. ct »>-;« dty. The read* ef this wu a
rr^a; Ttctocy- fcr- J:=r Res. the cscst nxoRocj
;<:Muca1 boas tn. this Scats. a=djre iiT« t: cc
the sworn eTt<l«ace oZ W. F. iiJ2X that tte*
¦ «Klsr> was oCer«<l en* thessasti doilars ty th*
Kaa-Scas^tx-Pxrry cccihtaatioa UT he wo«Id
rwtes t^ e fanciers' votes Sn tie tnter«9t» cf
cood yoTeraaieat *»i c>*a poiitic*. wtta a
r=ar*iiM» that tf their side (clean. potfS«>
wtjG tie gas£al«ts wcaid cot be taterfered
' witix
AIX« A DEJgQCRAT.
TV's next fcsi ta oc» of the Icrmr! Derao
cratic districts of X*w Tor*, baad aad y!ore
wita Boss D«»T«ry. »rcsiptiy tte district ta
the interest cf a Dwtnocrmtia CbBsrwaraaa. H*
*Tj=p«.i frxn there t» Xew Orleaas and ad
dressed the cocreatJon ot the Aasertcaa Fed-
to too. I do not appeal to Democrats. Social
ists or any ether creed. I r> tefcr* S*n Fras
eUco as * w&ote. E^en to the ctlldrea I niaks
t cledtre-. because I tiiai tS«T cctse &m
*=cng- the votara. for these beaatifsi p!ay-
UUUmOM tr« t» t* for tSeai: tie c«w xtcot
iocs«s are ta b* for tiem; tl» ictct are ta
fce pot ta prcper cccslitica that tfc«ir b«alta
stay t< BreaerfsA. So yea s*e tta yr*ater Saa
Fr»=ct»co U primarily for tie «hil«iren.
The n«xt best tiinsr ta voting- for the bead*
ts to Tcta fcr aa ait=taistr*tica wfcici wta
sseaa the ftslsllBsest cf tie precise* mada fcy
ii« pricaotirs oC t£«»«» Issue*.
t. *s the mfi^ses'^tf' 1 * <rt tlw rreatest partr
tiat -erer lived — ti* RirrciUcan party (ap
plause). taTe sees tH* sr-i • IS of thi* dty. FK«
tislli£2ff». st=r*s asd rest-i«ic»s acw occupy
t&e «an<i dunes wiere we u**i ta play aa chil
dren. Too ha.Te fcoeered e« far »S»Tr« tsj
wortft. If rc« will pet It ta my power to
carry tt cat. I win appotat prrswr <roia=iLwiefn
era to sovem rou. Aai li yew win b*ck b»
xs9 fer ftleceES ti* »:ti*r men co tS« ticket. I
ca3 prctats« yoo that w» wta tutfre » city sec
aa<4 to se=» 1= the CaiMd States. (Appiasse.)
"Ween the cheering had subsided
speeches were made try ether candidates
and cheers were given for the ticket.
Betrays His Party
by Going Over
to Ruef.
Republican Standard Bearer Receives Splendid Recep
tion at the Hands of Colored Men.
McConnell Tells
of Schmitz's
Treason.
HENRY J. CROCKER £3 main
taining- his le-id tri the race
far Mayor. The Democratic
press last Sunday morning
devoted pages to deuuncta-
tion and misrepresentation of
the Republican nominee. The people cf
San Francisco reoiied ta the attacks by
giving Mr. Crocker on Monday evening
three magnificent receptlocs. The meet
ing- at the Alhambra Theater was a great
popular ovation— by far the largest and
most significant public demons tratloa cf
the campaign. The Call's reproduction of
a fLish. Iis-ht prTt^graph of tha seen* at
the Aihambra Tkeatrr told th* st.iry of
Henry J. Crocker's popularity in most
convincing style. Everywhere the Re
publican nominee is acclaimed as the win
ner. Among- the meat enthusiastic and
sincere advoca.es of his election are men
In the mills r - factories, workshops and
lumber yards.
Lane addressed ere meeting 1 last night
and produced an unfavorable impression.
He spoke at Occidental Hall on Third
street. He had a much t>e:ter meeting
two weeks a^o in. thr? sac* hail than the
one last nigirt. He is losing graind every
ixy and bis associates on the D«raoera.tie
ticket are fully aware of this fact. This
ts the plain truth about the situation and
it accounts f->r the contortions of the
Democratic press. *
Schmitz addressed four district meet
ings last night. The gatherings were
larT 5 ? and enthusiastic. Every person, with
ordinary for»si^ht perceives that the con
test i3 between Crocker and Schmitz.
The proprietor of the cigar stand in
front of the Majestic saloon on Market
street has been holding a. straw vote far
th,e> last two weeks oa the ILworalty
&rtit. Every cue that «an« along was
asked t;> deposit a. vote far one of the
three candidates. Last nigru the ballots
were ceunte«L Out of SOI votes polled
Crocker got SSI. Schmitz 243 and Lane 130.
CBOCKES'S STHONG t/pat»
The vote -was taken ta get a line o-n the
feeling of tfca general run cf citizens.
The result shows how strong 13 the lead
Crocker has over his ootwnents. He
pot more than tl per cent cf all tie votes
cast— almost as marry as the orhar two
candidates tcgretfeer.
Tha organisation committee ef the
United Republicans and the campaign
committee cf the Republican party are
convinced beyond the shadow cf a dcubt
that Mr. Cracker will be ejected to the
cSice cf Mayer br a handsome plurality.
The members cf the party en duty at
headquarters have is hand work of great
importance and consequently cannot af
ford to give- time or attention to- the reck
less misrepresentation cf the I>eni.ocratie
preas. Lane {5 practically cut cf the race
for Mayor, bet there are strong Indica
tions cf a conspiracy en the part of rene
gade Republicans and desperate Deao
cra.ts ta secretly render aid to Schmitx
the fact that a vote for Lane is equiva
lent to a vote for Schsltz, and It Is now
pretty well understood that the newspa
pers that are advising- voters to support
Lane's candidacy secretly entertain a. de
sire for a continuation of the Rcef-
Schmltz regime. Anthin? to beat the Re
publican ticket ts now the cry of the
opposition.
Next Tuesday Republicans wCl adhere
very closely to the old fashioned party
rale cf voting the straight ticket. The
wise, alert Republican will stamp inside
the circle at the head cf the Republican
column and take especial care not 'to
stanp an X euUide cf the Republican
colcna. No one can tel! at thi3 tisia
how election officers may construe the
new ballot law. If a straight ticket Is
voted it will be counted for the party to
•whose favor tt la cast.
STBAIGHT BALLOT SATE.
Reef fcas rnacaged to secure the ap
pointment cf a number cf "fiip" clerks
03 various precinct beards. Very shrewd
and densely stupid election ©Seers work
tag together may brio? about argument
and confusion as to tee counting of bal
lots, and tt is almost sure that aiany
scratched ballets will be thrown cut. It
will be time enough to ISO*, after the- new
ballot has bees tested, for Republicans
tz» make experiments In discriminative
voting-. Tt* safe course to pursue next
Tuesday is for Republicans to stamp In
the Republican coTumn and stamp no
whare else. The Registrar of Voters la
a "Democrat and a fair one, and be is
anxious enccgn to explain how voters
may sta.szp here and there and stm have
the ballots counted, but he cannot be tn
every precinct booth. Moreover. h!s elab
orate instructions are not lucid. Let Re
publicans vote the straight Republican
ticket this year and make the Republican
party responsible for the administration
cf maniciSMi affairs. .
ratlin, a. tan^uet was held la .honor ef
the 'candidates- Three hundred voters
signed the roll.
Headquarters Republican Campaign Committee.
16 Geary StreeC
October 27, 1903.
'THE undersigned, after a careful investigation and can*
vass, do positively declare that Mr. Lane has no possible
chance of election. Mr. Crocker has made accessions from
the Democratic ranks and from voters who are members of
labor unions.
The contest is strictly between Mr. Crocker and Mr.
Schmitz. Mr. Crocker's election is certain.
A VOTE FOR LANE IS A VOTE FOR SCHMITZ.
Organization Committee Republican Campaign Corn-
United Republican League. mittee.
A. P Williams, W. J. Button,
Dr. W. F. McNutt, Arthur G. Fisk f
Henry Ach. John S. Partridge,
David Rich, Daniel A. Ryan,
John C. Lynch, , Edgar D. Peixotco.
J. Steppacher, Secretary.
Lane Is Falling
Far Behind
in Race.
DECLARE A VOTE FOR LANE
IS A VOTE FOR SCHMITZ
Republicans Will
Vote Straight
Ticket.
HENRY J. CROCKER ATTENDS THREE DISTRICT MEETINGS
AND IS HEARTILY CHEERED BY THE ASSEMBLED CITIZENS
THE SAN FBA^CISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 2S, 1903.
9
oct much faith. To my everlasting rur-
pri§» the change was wcaderfcL fcr all
tsy cli ccmzliints scca Usseaed aad are
new ecmrktely goce. The terrible feel-
ings and pram rf trea that I cannot describe
have stepped completely and I feel as If
new. rich, red fclooj was Cawing through
xsr reisa, bringing me health and happi-
vTAH cf this r know u due to =y hav-
ing stepped ec-»* and :zs>id Posttna. My
busband and three scss all xzst Pestum
«>ey it greatly." Name givea
fcy Pc*tum Co ... Battle Creek> Mich.
Fcetusi make* red blood.
Lock In each package for a copy of the
famous Ettle bock. The Read to Wel!-
rc;e.~
CoSet yaraiysis is r<Jt cotaaion. but {
there ar« mere cases than folia iaoagln- j
ar-i there are -cases where the nervous ;
vtctlm keejs en wli the coffee until the i
trcuf.e ts chronic tad Incurable.
On the ether hand there are many cases ;
where leaving cS the ccfTe* aad drinking !
Pcsturs. Fcoi CcfTe* Ia its place has r»-
Kttad In complete and rpeedy cures, as"
ta the following:
'T<zt several years I was fn an alarm-
ing condition ani had consulted every
physidaa In cur town, besides three vtslt-
tng tvedallsts. My trouble tailed them
til. bet their diSerent verdicts frightened
BM ±z-£ the treatment propcaed was long.
tedious and very expensive. My hestand
had «p«=t a small fortune trying
ta h*:p me aad the last eflcrt was a $23
exsKX&aest] whi:h did no good.
-M7 trouble was a numbness cr hall
paralrsed »#nsatlcis. that would creep
ever m-. especially bad at night, cora-
eencirg in my arms, shoulder* and down
to my l*ft siie. »--^ was followed by ter-
rible zzlz.3 ani a prickly sensation that
Ss beyond cesortptlca. My hands would
' puff up and Bed like great lumps, so thick
and heavy and caaaturaL I could do
absolutely no work cf ary kind.
"It wis ti.cn that my raother persuaded
me that my condition was largely due ta
the use cf coffee, cf which I was.* great
lower. She knew what leaving eff coffee
azd zx:~g Pestum had dene ia her own
case and she ina2y persuaded B« to
make ti# ear:# shift, which I did wlth-
COFFEE PARALYSIS
A "Well I>eir-ed Case.
PCSTTTil CZBZAL.Tuesday, October 27.
Stmr Nevadaa, Weeden. Honolulu and Ka
hului; Williams, Dlmond A. Co
Stmr Bonlta. Alberts. San Pedro; Pacino
CoMt Steamship Co. - -•¦¦_
CLEARED,
Shipping 1 Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday, October 27.
Stmr Ruth, Reed. 10 hours from Bowens
Landing.
Btmr Columbia, Doran. 59 nonrs 60 minutes
from Portland. v»a Astoria 44 hours 20 min
utes.
Stmr Brooklyn, Walvlg, 17 hours from Cle
one; bound south; put In to land passengers.
Stmr Chehalls. Frantzon, 65 hours from
Grays Harbor; bound south; put In to land
passengers.
Btmr Coronado. Peterson. 6fl hours from
Grays Harbor; bound south; put in to land
passengers.
Stmr Francis H Leggttt, Johnson. 24 hours
from Eureka; bound south r* put In to land
pa«i>engers.
Etmr Redondo. Krog. 23 hours from Fields
Landing; bound south; put In to land passen
gers.
Nor stmr Hero. Syvertsen, 4 days from
Ladysmlth.
Tug Sea Rover. Thompson, 34 hours from
San Pedro.
Br shlo Crown of Denmark, Mllman, 62
days from Newcastle, Aus.
Whaling bark Chas W Morgan. Earle. 47
days from Okhotsk Sea.
I c ¥ X. lk i n<r '^r eter " on - 9 dajrg ft" 0 ™ Astoria.
Schr Guide. Ols<?n. 9 days front Tillamook.
CONCERT AT Y. M. C. A.— A musical and
literary programme will be given at the Young
Men's Christian Association to-morrow even-
Ing by the Robson-Callender Concert Company.
The concert will be open to the public
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Oct. 27.—
The football game between the Chemawa
Indians of Oregon and the Stanford var
sity will be played on Wednesday after
noon on the Stanford campus. For next
Saturday Treasurer Cowden has arranged
a final game .with the. Reliance eleven,
'also to be played on the campus. The last
preliminary game of the season will be
the contest with the Multnomah Club on
November 7 on the Stanford field. Since
this game is to be played but a week be
fore , the : intercollegiate, ana the Multno
mah team is reported a strong aggrega
tion, a good line ought to be gained as to
Stanford's possibilities in the big game.
Coach Lanagan was visibly and con
fessedly disgusted with the showing made
by hi a men against Nevada. To use his
expression, "Nevada outplayed us at
every point of the game."
Football at Stanford.
The stal;e entries received by the New
California Jockey Club already equal in
numbers those of last year. When the
dozen or. more racing men who have sent
word they are coming send "lii their en
tries from the ' Bast . and Middle "West it
is probable the total number of horses
entered this season will be at least three
hundred in excess of last. The class is
much higher.
Word was received from. Chicago yes
terday that the stables of C. B. llillen,.
C. E. Steel e, S. Bender & Co., J. 0. Dondy,
T. Von- Meter & Co., U. Z. Dearman, J.
T. Mozler & Co. and : Henry Robison.
would surely be here in time for the
opening of the meeting.
.There are between 500 and 600 , horses
quartered at Oakland, some forty or fifty
at - Ingleslde and the same number at
Tanf oran, ' besides those occupying stalls
in various stables . outside of the track.
All of these horses are forward in their
preparation. - Racing will undoubtedly be
Just as ; good 'during, the : first \ week ; as ¦ it
will be at the height of the season.'
Total Equals That of Last Year With
Many Racing Men to Be Heard
From.
HEAVY ENTRY IS MADE
vi IN JOCKEY CLUB STAKES
PORTLAND, Oct. 27. — To-day's nm« be
tw,een Portland and Los Angeles was post
poned on account of rain.
SEATTLE, Oct. 27.— The grounds wer« wet
to-day and tha fielding- was very loose. Levy's
work was so raw that both sides protested all
the afternoon. W»»alen was put out' of tho
game in the sixth for kicking. The garoo was
called In . the eighth after Seattle had scored
ono run. Score:
R IT F
Seattle 0 0 8 2 0 0 0 1—6 10* 4
San Francisco 0 0 2 0 2 0 0 1—5 U B
Batteries — Whalen. Iberg and Zearfoss; Bar
ber and Byers. Umpire — Levy.
LEVY'S WOEK IS UNPOPULAR.
Seattle and San Francisco Teams Ob
ject to TTmpire's Decisions.
First race. Potter stakes, 2:14 trot, $500—
Dmonefo. Dan FTaser. Rosell, George W. Mc-
Klnney. Forest W. What Is It, Ole. Hank.
Second race the Stlmson stakes. 2:20 pace.
$500— Elmont.' Lily Mack, Highball. Proctor.
Tough Nut. Victor Platte. Billy F, Ira, Flora
dora Monro« S, L. W. .
Third race flva furlongs, selling — Pllon 107,
Barbara 107." Dollle Wetthoff 107. Sir Christo
pher 107. Nellie May 107. Phy* 102. Adnor 107.
Fourth race, six furlongs, selllm? — Cannell
105. King Dellls 108. Inspirator 105. Ismad
105. El PUar 105. Ingo 105. The Toiler 108.
Prestolus 105 Malpalquet 105, Gusto 108. Le
gal Maxim 105.
Fifth race, six furlongs, all agea. Long
Beach handicap — Bscalante 117. Tower of Can
dles 102. Headwater 1C0. E. M. Brattaln 115,
Princess Tltanla 108, Durbar 90, Kenllworth
130. Blissful 100.
Sixth race,, six furlongs, selling— Cherries
1C0. Step Around 100 Respirator 109, El Plloto
114 Blue Mlraclo 104. Dug Martin 100, Pen
anoo 104, Little Margaret 109. Laureatea 109.
Seventh race, one and an eighth miles, hurdle
handicap — First Past 125, Martin Brady 125.
Indian II 150 Limber Jim 145. Tha Devlll II,
130.
LOS ANGELES ENTRIES.
Home run— WRockenfleld. Three-bas* hits—
Lohman, Htldebrand. Two-base hit — Murdock.
Stolen base — McLaughlin. Errors— Townsend,
Rockenneld (3), Schwartz, Cooper. Sacrifice
hitB — Sheehan, Hlldebrand, Murdock, Casey.
First base on errors — Sacramento. 4. First
base on called balls — Off Cooper. 5; off Knell.
2. Left on bases —Oakland. 0; Sacramento, 8.
Struck out— By Cooper, 3; by Knell, B. Hit
by pitcher— Kroger. Time of game — 1 hour
and 55 minutes. Umpire — McDonald.
SUMMARY.
Sacramento 0 2 0 0 00 1 0 1 — 4
Base hits 1 00002300—6
Oakland 000120000—3
Base hits 1 01221100—8
Oakland — Sacramento —
AB. R. H. P. A. AB. R. H. P. A.
0'H'ra.cf 8 0 10 0 Casey,2b. 4 0 13 2
Rockfld.s 3 2 10 1 Hlldbd.lf 4 115 0
Murdk,rf 4 0 11 0<McLgn,rf 4 0 0 10
Schrtz,2b 4 0 0 1 BITownd.lb 4 0 2 7 0
Kruger.lf 3 0 2 2 0 Egan. s.. 4 0 1 0 2
MesHly.lb 4 0 1 15 2 Shehn.3b 110 12
Devrx.Sb 4 0 0 3 4 Doyle, cf 4 1 0 4 0
Lohm'n.o 4 115 3 Graham.c 4 0 0 5 2
Cooper. p. 3 0 10 3! Knell, p. 3 1 0 1 8
•M'Bklmn 10000
— Totals. 33 4 B 27 11
Totals. 32 3 8 27 13
•Mosklman batted for Cocper in ninth. -
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
The Cripples wanted to lose the game
on the Oakland field so badly- yesterday
afternoon that they simply threw It
away at every chance. There was really
no other reaspn why they should have
lost, for, old Phil Knell was a pie to hit,
while Cooper had one of his good days.
Anyhow, Mike Fisher got away with the
glory, 4 to 3. r
The score:
THE SUMMARIES.
"Weater fln«; track fast. Summary:
Five and a half furlongs, selling— Mareea.
114 (See) 7 to D, won; Skirmish, 114 (I. Pow
ell), 3 to 1, second; Nona B. 114 (Henderson),
6 to 1, third. Time. 1:07%. Fox Lake. Her
cules and Esternell also ran.
6even furlongs, selling— Thlsbe. 112 (Kunz).
20 to 1, won; Loyal S. 112 (I. Powell). 3 to 1.
second: Grail, 112 (Chandler), 5 to 2. third.
Time. 1:27%. Polonius, Myrtle H. Sherry and
Wachusett also ran.
Four and a half furlongs, selling— Pat Bul
ger. 100 (Hlldebrand). 7 to 1, won; Eugenia B.
102 (L. Spencer), 1 to 2, second; Annie Marie,
105 (Chandler), 5 to 2. third. Time, :54%.
Leonada, Eva D and Turtle also ran.
Seven furlongs, selling— Tlzona, 109 (Hen
derson). 4 to 5, won: Dr. Worth, 106 (Water
bury). 10 to 1, second: Isabelllta, 109 (See). 20
to 1. third. Time. 1:28%. Ulm. Camulos. Max
Bendlx, Midget, Prestolus and Malpalqueta also
ran.
Six furlongs, selling— Colonel Van. 106 (I.
Powell), 2 to.l, won; Tower of Candles, 110
(Chandler), 4 to B. second; Best Man. 110 (L.
Spencer), 11 to 5, third. Time, 1:13. Con
stellator also ran.
One mile and fifty yards, selling — Father
Wentker, 112 (L. Spencer), 3 to 5, won; Invic
tus. 109 (I. Powell). 4 to 1, second; Red Tip,
112 (Waterbury). 6 to 1, third. Time, 1:44%.
Searcher also ran.
Free-for-all pece; purse $1000; two In three.
Robert I (Julian) 1 2 1
Oma A (Mosher) 3 1 2
Midnight (Bartea) 2 8 3
Highball (Vance) 4 4 4
Time— 2:14. 2:12%. 2:17Vi.
Logan Due in Two Weeks.
The army transport Logan is dua here No
vember 13 with ten troops of the Fifteenth
Cavalry- The, Thomas is bringing home part
of the Ninth Cavalry.
Makes Fast Passage.
The British ship Crown of Denmark, which
shrived late yesterday from Newcastle. Aus
tralia, made a pplendld passage, crossing the
ocean In fifty-two days. Thirteen ships that
left the Australian port ahead of the Den
mark are still at sea.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Matters cf Interest to Mariners qnri
Shipping Merchants.
The schooner Gamble, now at Port Gamble^,
Is chartered for lumber, thence to Cavlte
Philippine Ielands. '
NOTE — The hl*h and low waters occur at
the city front (HlMion-srtreet wharf) about 25
¦United States Coast and Geodetic Surrey —
Time and Heights of High and Low
Water* at Fort Point, entrance to Saa
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
The Mariposa's Cargo.
The steamer Mariposa sailed on Monday for
T hltl with an assorted merchandise cargo
valued at $43.*J3. and including the following
lt*2 bbls flour. Sy.105 lbs rice, 3345 lbs lard
47K» lbs sugar. 5C10 gals wine, 25 casks beer
4397 lbs coffee, 184 pkgs potatoes, 82 pkgs
onlone. 182 pkgs fre^h fruit. 21 pkgs fre«h
vegetables, 21'4 ctls barley, 46 ctls wheat, 10 117
lb» bran, 45,258 lbs bread. 3^2 cs assorted
canned goods, COS cs 28 pkgs salmon, 11 S.T*
lbs beans, 3200 lbs salt, 720 lbs 3 cs codfish 'c20
lbs 3 os dried fruit, 4 pkgs raisins, 3»2 lbs
ham. 1C50 lbs dried peas. 11 cs baking powder
14 pkgs pr«>i>ared vegetables. 337 lbs rheese 20
cs candy. 11 pkgs paste. 3200 lbs salt. 864 pkgs
groceries and provisions, 20 cs cigars. 14 cs
boots and thoes, 40 pkgs drugs and Mindries
127 pkKP dry goods. 11 bales 4 cs canvas'
23.972 ft lumber, 29 pkgs paper, 4 pkgs electri
cal «upr-ll«s, 44 cs coal oil, 155 pkgs wagon
end carriage material. 34 pkgs saddlery and
harness. 13 bdls brooms, 1" bales twine 44
pkgs millwork. 67 pkgs nails, 98 colls rope. 3
bdls leather, 10 pkg» bicycle* and part*. 14
pkgs machinery. K5 pkgs paints and oils. 30
bales bags, 23 bdls oars. 226 bxs soap, 17 pkgs
rewing machine*. 25 bdls l&thn. 9 pkg* wind
mill. CH pkgs furniture, 100 posts. 10 bales
oakum. 14 bdle 41 bars iron, 5 bbls cement.
The rate of reinsurance of the Norwegian
bark Dairy was advanced yesterday from 10
to 45 per cent. She la out eighty-one days
from liellze for the United Kingdom. The
Clmbria. r-hicii was on the board at 15 per
cent, has arrived at Table Bay. The rate on
the St. Mungo was advanced to *t per cent.
Kate Takes Big 1 Jump.
I TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. | Due.
Montara Seattle lOet. 28
Arctic Humboldt Oct. 23
Chico COquille River Oct. 23
Peru New York via Panama . Oct. -H
North Fork... Humboldt Oct. 28
Centennial Seattle & Tacoma Oct. 23
I St. Paul Nome via Seattle Oct. 2S
I Portland Nome via Seattle Oct. 28
I Nlcaria Hamburg & Way PorU. Oct. 2S*
1 Alliance Portland & Way Ports. Oct. 20
Pomona Humboldt Oct. 29
HuitaRora... Ban Diego & Way Ports|Oct. 2a
Point Arvna.. M«ndoc!no & Pt. Arena. [Oct. 29
City Puebla. .. Puget Sound Ports |Oct. 28
Arcata Coos Bay & Port OrfordjOct. 29
Del Ncrte Crescent City |Oct. 20
Coos Bay Ran Pedro & Way Port6'Oct. 1S»
, f>i"-acno Mexican Ports |Oct. 30
1 Eureka Humboldt |Oct- 30
1 < rarina Coos Bay lOct. 30
San Mateo Tacoma lOct. 30
Amer Mara.. China & Japan |Oct. 3 1
8an Pedro... 9«n Pedro | Oct. 31
B. Barbara... Peattle & Olympla JOct. 31
OrctiA Humboldt INov. 1
TUT'er Seattle & Whatcom )Nov. 1,
! G. W. Klder.. Portland &: Astoria |Nov. 1
State <•[ Cal... Ean Diego & Way PortslNov. 2
Bon'ta Newport & Way Ports. INov. 2
Olympic San Pedro .; INov. 2
Centralia Grays Harbor |Nov. 3
Alair.eda Honolulu INov. 3
Unatilla Puget Sound Ports Nov. 3
Pin Juan New York via Panama. INov. 4
Nebraskan . . . Honolulu INov. 8
: J. Dollar Seattle & Tacoma INov. 5.
Newburg Grays Harbor Nov. B
Rival Wlllapa Harbor Nov. 5
Columbia Portland & Astoria. ... Nov. 0
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. Balls. Pier.
October 28.
B.Monica.. Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier"" 2
F. Leggett.. Lcs Angeles Ports. 4 pm Pier 10
Corona Humboldt |l:30 plPler 9
Uonlta Newport Way Pts.l 0 am Pier 11
Queen I Puget Sound Pcrts '11 am Pi«r 'J
October 2O. 7
-Montara Seattle & Tacoma. | 5 pmlPier 9
State of Cal. 8an Diego & Way. 9 ampler 11
Sierra Sydney & Way Pu. 2 pm Pier 7
October 30.
Arctic Humboldt 4 pm Pier 10
Alliance.... Eur«ka & Coos Bay |Pier 10
Callfornlsn. N« w York direct Pier 23
Columbia... Astotla 4 Portland 11 am Pier 21
Chico Coqullle River 6 pm Pier '1
October 31.
Arcata Coos B.& Pt.Orford 10 am Pier 13
San Pedro.. Humboldt I 4 pmlPler 2
S Barbara. Lo» Angeles Ports. I 4 pm|Pier 2
Eureka Humboldt I 9 amjPler 13
Pomona Huvnboldt [1:80 piPier »
Pt. Arena... Point Arena 4 pmjpier 2
Coptic China & Japan 1 pm Pier 40
Acapulco... N. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
N. Fork.... Humboldt 6 prr. Pier 2
November 1.
E. Rota San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Coos Bay... San Pedro &. Way. 9 am Pier 11
Xovember 2.
Olympic... Whatcom Sc Falrh'nl 4 pmlPler 2
City Puebla. Pucet Sound Porta.lll am Pier 3
Centennial.. Seattle & Tacoma. 1 10 am Pier 2
November 4. I
G. W. Eldei Astoria & Portlandlll am Pier 24
November O. I
Rainier 'Seattle & Whatcom 4 pm Pier 10
November 7.
Alameda.... Honolulu 11 am Pier 7
T'mattlla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Curacao.... Mexican Ports 10 am Pier 11
Peru N. Y. via Panama|12 m Pier 40
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. For | Sails.
D1rlr» FIcagway St Way Ports. Oct. 30
Humboldt . . . Skagway & Way Ports. Oct. 31
Exeel*lor Cook* Inlet & Way Pts. Nov. 1
City Seatlle.jC Ekagway & Way Ports. Nov. 2
Al-Kl Skagway & Way Ports. [Nov. 4
B»rtha Valdez A Way Ports.. INov. 7
Valencia .... Ekagway & Way Ports. JNov. 7
The etecaifihip Centennial. which went
ashore at A!kl Point on Puget Sound, was
worked into deep water yesterday by her own
propellers. She was not damaged by her
rest on the beach and is now at Seattle load
ing for this port.
Centennial Is Afloat.
Movements of Steamers.
PW!lp Bratfy. who says he has no home,
was *ent to tn« Harbor Hospital yesterday
from Tlburon to be treated for a broken leg.
Brady eaid that while walking through a
railroad tunnel in Marin County he was
knocked down by a train. A following freight
X>lcked him up a few hours later.
Knocked Down In Tunnel.
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
1. «., at noon of the 120th meridian, cr at 8
p. m., Greenwich time.
J. C BURNETT,-
Lieutenant U. 8. N., In charge.
Branch Hydrographlc Of flee, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
October 27. 1&03:
Time Ball.
The eteaai eehooner laqna. which a few
£ays ago bumped Into Point Oorda, was yes
terday placed on the drydock. It was dls
oovered that in sliding over the re«f she had
«surta!ned much more serious damage than
•wa« supposed when she. arrived here. Her
stem if ehattered und her stem post smashed
to smithereens. Her keel was ripped oft* al
most Its entire length and about half a dozen
cf hw planks will have to be taken out and
replaced by new ones.
Iaqua Badly Damaged.
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide Is the same at both places.
WEDNESDAY. OCTOBER 28.
Son rises J^ 30 .
Sun sets n'ftft" '« m
Moon sets 0:<*> *• m -
O ITlmel JTlm«| ITlmel |Tlme|
g 1! 1 Ft. I 1 ,Ft. f Ft. — j Ft.
, \a w| 1l w| f )h wj 1l wl
a I 6:21| 4.8!ll:69| 3.Ot 6:32 4.2|ll:60 l.»
"Uw wa n?M 4 -Vw
20 0:42 1.2 7:47*6.0 1:48 2.3 7:42 4.2
SI 1:35 1.3 8:25 6.2 2:30 1.8 8:37 4.3
1 f 2:15 1.4 8:56 6.2 3:06 1.4 9:20 4.5
2 f 2:54 1.6 9:2Sj 5.4 3:45 0.9 10:17 4.7
NOTE — Is tho above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are givan in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
cay In the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives th« last tides of the
day. except when there are but thre« tides, as
Fom^tlmes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
Msn precedes the height, and then the number
riven is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.
NEW YORK— Sailed Oct 27— Stmr Kaiser
Wilhelm der Grosse. for Bremen; via Ply
mouth and Cherbourg; ' stmr Llgurta, for Na
ples and Genoa: Btmr Bovic. for Liverpool. .
CHERBOURG — Arrived Oct 27— Stmr Kaiser
Wilhelm II. from New York, via Plymouth,
and proceeded.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Oct 27— Stmr Ul
tonla, from Boston, for Liverpool, and pro
ceeded. -
AUCKLAND — Arrived prior to Oct 27 — Stmr
Ventura, front San Francisco, - via Honolulu,
for Sydney. NSW.
NANTUCKET. LIGHTSHIP. Oct 27— Stmr
Lahn, from Genoa, . Naoles and ; Gibraltar, for
New York, off here at 12 :30 p m: stmr Kron
prlnz Wilhelm. from Bremen. Southampton and
Cherbourg, off here at 2 p m. *, >
OCEAN STEAMERS.
AMOY — Sailed Oct 14 — Br stmr Indradlo. for
New York. M
ANTWERP — SalTed Oct 25— Br ship County
of Kinross, for San Francisco. .
KOBE — Arrived Oct 15 — Br stmr St Flllans,
from New York.
PAS AROBANG — Arrived Oct 2 — Br etmr
Strathgyle, from Manila.
TABLE BAY— Arrived Oct . 27— Nor bark
Clmbrla. from Rangoon.
HONGKONG — Arrived Oct 27 — Stmr Em
press of India, from Vancouver, via Yokohama,
Hlogo, Nagasaki and Shanghai.
In port Oct. 25 — Br ship Beacon Rock, for
Port Los Angeles, via Antwerp; Br ehip Cleo
mene. for San Pedro.
LIVERPOOL— In port Oct 15— Br bark Don
na Frandsca. for San Francisco. -
LONDON— Sailed Oct 14— Br etmr Tydens.
for Antwerp and Seattle.
CALBTA BUENA— Arrived Oct 12— Br bark
Loch Tool, to load for San Francisco.
COQUIMBO— Arrived Oct 12— Br ship Largo
Law, from Newcastle, Australia.
IPSWICH— Arrived Oct 23— Br ship Loch
Garve, hence June 19.
ADEN— Sailed Oct 12 — Ger stmr Nubia, for
Manila.
ROTTERDAM— Sailed Oct 25— Br ship Dud
hope, for Port Lon Angeles; Fr bark Marechal
Davout, for Ean Francisco.
GUATEMALA— Sailed Qct 7— Ger stmr Ser
apls. for Hamburg.
JUNIN— Sailed Oct 14— Br bark Wynford,
for Hamburg.
NORFOLK— Sailed Oct 26— Br «tmr Bt
George, for Manila.
FOREIGN PORTS.
HONOLULU— Sailed Oct 26— Bktn Benlcia,
for Puget - Sound, and not bktn J L EVlston.
as before reported.
Arrived Oct 26— Br stmr Iris, from ; U 8
stmr Iroc'iois. from cruise In search of boats
of Ill-fated Fr bark Conetable de Rlchemond.
EASTERN PORT.
Arrived Oct 27 — Schrs A B Johnson and Liz •
zie Vance, from San Pedro; schr Alpha, hence
Oct 18.
PORT HADLOCK— Sailed Oct 27— Schr Me
teor, for San Pedro.
ISLAND PORT.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Oct. 26— Schr
Dauntless, for San Pedro; schr Comet, for San
Pedro; schr Honolpu, for San Francisco.
Arrived Oct 27— Stmr Melville Dollar, benca
Oct 24.
Sailed Oct 27— Schr J M Weatherwax, for
Redondo.
EUREKA— Sailed Oct 27 — Stmrs Scotia.
North Fork and Arctic, for San Francisco;
Btmr. San Gabriel, for San Pedro.
Arrived Oct 27 — Stmr Eureka, hence Oct 26.
EVERETT— Sailed Oct 27— Schr Muriel, for
San Pedro.
SAN DIEGO— Sailed Oct 27— Nor stmr Tlta
nla, for Nanaimo; schr Bertie Minor, for Eu
reka.
REDONDO— Sailed Oct 26— Stmr Noyo. for
San Francisco.
Arrived Oct 20 — Schr Honolulu, from Ana
cortea.
SAN PEORO^ — Arrived Oct 27 — Stmr Lakme,
from Eureka; stmr Greenwood, from Ventura;
sclir Sadie, from Umpqua,
Sailed Oct 27— Stmrs Alcazar and Coos Bay,
for San Francisco.
Arrived Oct 27 — Stmr Alcatraz, from Point
Arena. v
SSATTLE^ — Arrived Oct 27 — Bark J D
Peters, from Taku: stmr Ferris 8 Thompson,
from Alaska.
WHATCOM— Arrived Oct 25— Schr Lyman
D Fester, from Honolulu; stmr Rainier, from
Seattle.
PORT TOWNSENO- Arrived Oct 27— Schr
Ruth E Godfrey, from San Pedro.-
Arrived Oct 27 — BnHc Reaper, hence Oct 18;
Ger shin Chile, from Antwerp; schr Wilbert
L Smith, hence Oct 10.
Sailed Oct 10 — Schr Muriel, for San Pedro.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Oct 2ft—
Stmr San Pedro, hence Oct 24.
Sailed Oct 27 — Stmr San Pedro, for San
Pedro.
Passed In Oct 27 — Stmrs Roanok« and Sena
tor, from Nome, for Seattle; Ger bark Thalas-
Fa, from Antwerp, for Seattle; bark Colotna,
from San Dlepo, for Tacoma; Br ship Catn
buskenneth. hence Oct 15. for Port Townsend:
Nor bark Sigurd, from Honolulu: «mr Ohio,
from Nome, for Seattle: Fr ship Andre Theo
dore, from Port I.os Angelos.
TACOMA— Bailed Oct 27— Schr Philippine,
for San Pedro.
TATOOSH — Passed out Oct 27— Stmr San
Mateo, from Tarcma, for San Francisco: bktn
Kcko Head, from Port Townsend. for Shang
hai; schr Inca, from Port Gamble, for Ade
laide.
COOS BAY— Sailed Oct 27— Stmrs Czarina
and Arcata. for San Francisco.
ASTORIA— Sailed Oct 27 — Stmr Alliance, for
San Francisco.
Arrived Oct 27 — Stmr G>o W Elder, hence
Oct 26. I
VENTURA— Sailed Oct 26— Stmr Green
wood, for San Francieco.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
POINT LOBOS. Oct 27. 10 p m— Weather
toggy; wind NW, velocity 12 milts per hour.
TELEGRAPHIC.
Oct 20. lat 35 N, Ion 43 W. Br bark Wyn
ford, from Junta, for Philadelphia.
Per Br ship Crown of Denmark — Oct 19. lat
88 25 K, Ion 136 W, Br bark Ancenis, from
Newcastle, Aun, for San Francisco.
Sept 11. lat 22 21 S. Ion 172 27 E. Br ship
Hutton Hall, from Newcastle. Aus, for San
Francisco.
Br ship Ptter Iredale, Lawrence. Ipswich.
Schr Bessie K. Merriam. Saa Vloente Land
ing.
Schr Lily. Bottger, Umpqua.
SPOKEN.
Tuesday, October 27.
Btmr Rutb. Reed, Blhlere Point.
Btmr Santa Cruz. Gielow. Port Harford.
Stmr Brooklyn. Walvlg. Ban Pedro.
Btmr Coronado, Peterson. San Pedro. ¦
Btmr Nevadan, Weeden. Honolulu and Ka
bulul.
Etmr Phoenix. Odland, Mendodno.
Stmr Francis H Leggett, Jahnsen, San
Pedro.
Btmr Gipsy. Inland, Santa Crux.
Btmr Newsboy, Adler, Eureka.
Btmr Whltesboro. Fcwn. Point Arena.
Stmr Chehalis, Frantson. San Pedro.
Btmr Redondo, Kror. San Pedro.
SAILED.
Ft ehip Rene Kervller, Noel, Plum, New
Caledonia: Roth. Blum & Co.
BERLIN, Oct. 27.— The Foreign Office de
nies that there Is any truth In the report pub
lished In the United States yesterday that Ba
ron von etemberg. the German Embassador
at Washington, would not return to his poet
to the United States at the end of November.
ued at about $22,000. She left here
JJoveriber 22, 1302, has 'hunted the South
Seas and the waters along the coast of
Japan and came here from tho Okhotsk
Sea. Her luck was fair, and although the
sailors' share of the proceeds will not be
large, the skipper and owners will have
co cause for complaint. In her hold is
about 1S0O barrels of sperm oil.
The Morgan, with the whalers Califor
nia and Alice Kr.owles, was in the hurri
cane which in January swept the islands
of the Paumotu group with such traglo
results. The three whalers left Dominic,
of the Marquesas group, on the afternoon
of January 12, and at 7 a. m. of the day
following the hurricane burst on them.
It continued eleven days, blowing the
whalers hundreds of miles out of their
course and inflicting damage on all the
vessels. Each of the trio lost two boats.
The California had some of her bulwarks
carried away, and the Morgan's Jlbboom
was broken.
A whale that was chased on July 4 came
to the surface under the stern of one of
the Morgan's boats, and all on board had
a lively swim for life. The after-end of
the whaleboat was smashed to slivers,
but the crew managed to keep afloat until
their shipmates in other boats picked
thpm up.
Manuel Lopez, a Portuguese sailor, died
1c Ft April am! was burled at sea.
The Morgan is the first of the fleet. The
other blubber hunters are due aiid ex
pected any day. Captain Ear!e was ac
companied on the cruise by his wife and
fcur-year-old boy. both of whom were
SXeatly benefited by the long sea trip.
THE whaling bark Charles W. Mor
gan, Captain Earle, the first of
the blubber hunters, came into
port yesterday with a cargo val-
UKIAH, Oct. 27.— Edward Long, son of
the late Supervisor Long and a student
of the Santa Rosa Business College, is
being congratulated on his escape from
death in a struggle with a wounded deer.
While spending his vacation at home
In Covelo he went hunting and came
across two fine bucks in an opening. He
fired and the nearest deer fall dead. The
other also fell. The second deer ap
peared not to be quite dead and young
Lang straddled it and proceeded to cut
its throat. The deer, however, had been
only stunned. It Jumped up with the hunt
er on its back, knocking the knife out
of his bands by the sudden move, and
plunged down the hillside. Toung Long
grabbed the animal's horns and bung on.
Finally in passing a redwood the hunt
er managed to turn the deer's head by
pulling his horns and guided him Into the
tree at full speed. Deer and hunter went
down together. Long was badly bruised
and the deer had broken his neck. Young
Long managed to get both deer into Co
velo, and is now the hero of Mendocino
County. v_
General Deschamps does not aDpear to
have decided upon a course of action.
His political pretensions ore not known.
It Is said here that Jiminez may arrive
"at any moment in Monte Chrlsti, where
he will be received by the people with
enthusiasm.
Th» people were deceived when General
Jlmlnez was appointed fiscal agent of the
Domlnle&n republic In the United States by
President Woo y Oil and his resignation agi
tated the public feelta*. My departure pro
voked the Insurrection In Clbao. where I had
controlled the malcontents. It was sufficient
that I turned my back for the gunpowder to
Ignite.
The town of Las Vegas has been cap
tured by Insurgents under General Roca.
In on Interview to-day General \ Des
champs, the Vice President of the Do
minican republic, who has abandoned the
Government and fled to this port, said:
CAPE HATTIEN, Haytl, Oct ST.— The
Dominican cruiser Independenda ap
peared off Puerto Plata, the port on the
north coast of Santo Domingo, which
point is in the hands of the revolution
ists, to-day and prevented the Cuban
mall steamer Maria Herrera entering that
port. The Independenda tnen left Puerto
Plata, going toward the Ameriojm mail
steamer Cherokee, coming from Monte
Chrlsti, in order to prevent her touching
at Puerto Plata. .' ; f
The win of the first division of the
seven furlong selling fracas by Thlsbe at
the astounding odds of 20 to 1 created a
ripple of excitement in otherwise quiet
turf circles. No such thing has been
heard of before at the meeting. Kunz
got the mare away in front and though
staggering at the finish she beat Loyal S
over the line a nose. Grail ran third,
only a neck farther away. Tullett on
Polonlue got lost In the discard.
Another top-heavy favorite took the
count in the two-year-old scramble at
four and a half furlongs. This time It
happened to be Barney Schreiber's filly
Eugenia B, quoted at 1 to 2. L. Spencer
succeeded in getting her away poorly and
she finished a distant second to Pat Bul
ger, a 7 to 1 Bhot, with Hilderbrand in
the saddle. The show went to Annie
Marie.
A big bunch of cheap ones went to the
post in the second seven furlong affray,
with Tlzona' a 4 to 5 favorite. Dr. Worth
made all the running and should have
won had Waterbury not allowed Hender
son to get through on the ins!de with
the favorite and score by a nose. The
erratic brute Malplagnet was thrown soon
after the start, little Lewis fortunately
escaping Injury.
About the best race of the meeting
was the sixth, a six furlong run, wherein
were Colonel Van, Tower of Candles, Best
Man and Constellator. Tower of Candles
closed a 4 to 5 choice and had her colors
lowered. The mare made all the running,
with Powell on Colonel Von close in her
wake. At the stand she grew tired and
Colonel Van passed her, winning by half
a length in 1:13. Best Mark also closed
strong, finishing lapped on the two lead-
On form Father Wentker looked a cer
tainty for the final mile and fifty yards
number and at 3 to B L Spencer did get
the Schreiber entry over the plate first.
Invictus ran a good second, a length and
a Lalf in front of Red Top.
P. E. MULHOLLAND.
Favorites In the six running events
played in fair luck, three being returned
winners. It looked very much as if the
two-year-old, Fox Lake, might win the
first running event, but he did not. The
youngster closed equal favorite with
Maresa, and did not get a chalk mark,
"Big Bill" Knapp scrambling the eggs
somewhat when Hercules gave it up In
the stretch. See on Mareeca took the lead,
beating Skirmish out half a length. Nona
B was third.
Robert I made, his first appearance this
season after a somewhat successful cam
paign in the Middle West and sold fa
vorite at $10, Highball bringing *8 and
Midnight and Oma A, as the field, ».
Driven by W. G. Julian, Robert I took
the first heat from Midnight without
much effort In 2:14, after which he sold
at J10 to $3 over the field.
But In the heat following lack of con
dition told, for the favorite has only
been off the cars about eleven days, and
Oma A slipped In an easy winner in
2:12V4. After this Oma A retched $10 and
the field |15. The heat winner, unfortu
nately for her friends, made two breaks
on the first turn and Robert I took the
heat and first money in the slow time of
2:17i4. Highball appears to have gone
back, for the black gelding was never a
contender.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 27.-Tba free-for
all pacers held the position of honor on
the programme to-day and the quartet
of wlgglers did awaken some real en
thusiasm at Agricultural Park.
Special Dispatch to Hie Call.
SENATORS NOSE
AHEAD IN NINTH
In a paper on immigration as it affects
the public health Dr. A. J. McLaughlin,
assistant surgeon, marine hospital serv
ice, declared that the real danger lay In
that class of immigrants whose physique
was much below the American standard,
whose employment is in the sweatshop,
and whose residence is the eastside tene
ments in New York City.
There was a general discussion of the
subject of car ventilation, the consensus
of opinion being that the air in sleeping
cars becomes vitiated and- that they are
fruitful sources of disease. The delegates
were outspoken In condemnation of the
alleged lack of attention, to the matter of
cleaning blankets and furnishings In
sleeping cars. Dr. J. H. McCormlck of
the State Board of Health of Kentucky
declared that official investigation into
the subject made by him disclosed the fact
that the blankets were cleaned only
once every six months.
report of the committee on the
cause or prevention of infant mortal
ity was read by Dr. Henry Mitchell,
chairman of the State Board of Health,
Asbury Park, N. J. The remarkable dim
inution in the number of deaths among
Infants during the past ten years, he said,
has been by many ascribed to the recog
nition by medical practitioners of the ad
vantages which attend cleanly methods In
the collection, storage and preparation of
cows' milk for Infants who are artificially
fed. The deaths from diphtheria have di
minished. Measles and whooping cough
have varied but little in their periodical
recurrence. The measures regarded as
most promising for a further reduction
of tho mortality among infants, the com
mittee said, are the more general adop
tion of cleanly methods in the collection,
cooling and handling of cows* milk; the
abolishment of breeding places for fllea
near dwellings and their exclusion from
contact with food: the erection of im
proved tenements in cities and the effec
tual Isolation of all cases of communi
cable diseases.
The report of the committee on animal
diseases In food, having reference to the
phase of tuberculosis which relates to its
transmission from the animal to human
beings, was presented by Director D. B.
Salmon of the Bureau of Animal Industry,
Washington. D. C. Clinical evidence,
statements and experimental tests, he de
clared, all favor the conclusion that bo
vine tuberculosis was a factor in human
tuberculosis. The source of the milk sup
ply, he said, should be carefuly attend
ed to.
WASHINGTON, Oct 27.-Tbe first reg
ular session of the thirty-first annual
meeting of the American Publlo Health
Association was held here to-day. After
the convention was called to order by Dr.
"Walter "Wyman, surgeon general of the
Marine Hospital and Public Health Ser
vice, General George M. Sternberg, Sur
geon General, United States Army, deliv
ered an' address in whloh he dwelt at
length on the efforts which have been
made to stamp out disease and to guard
against epidemics. He digressed from his
paper to remark that since it was writ
ten the present attack of yellow fever In
Texas had developed and declared he
would not have believed it possible, with
the association's present knowledge, that
yellow fever would have been allowed to
obtain a foothold there.
Brings in Sperm Oil Worth
$22,000 Obtained in
South Seas.
Wounded Animal With Boy
on Its Back Races Into *
a Tree.
Insurgents Under Roca Cap
ture the Town of
Las Vegas.
Free-for-AU Pacers Arouse
Enthusiasm at the
Track.
Sleeping Cars Are Declared
to Be Fruitful Sources
of Disease.
Bark Charles W. Morgan
First of Fleet to
Reach Port.
Thrilling Experience of
a Young Hunter in
Mendocino.
Cruiser Turns Back an
American Mail
Steamship.
Top - Heavy Favorites
Finish First at Los
Angeles.
Discuss Measures Taken
to Guard Against
Epidemics.
WHALERS BATTLE
WITH HURRICANE
STUDENT RIDES
DEER TO DEATH
REBELS BLOCKADE
DOMINICAN COAST
PUBLIC HEALTH
OFFICIALS MEET
PLANS OF POPE
MISUNDERSTOOD
Pius Designates Entire
Western Hemisphere
as American.
May Not Include United
States In Creation of New
Cardinals.
BOMB, Oct. 27.— Some time after the
recent conclave the Vatican was sur
prised at a report from the United States
that a high prelate of the church there
had spoken repeatedly of the possibility
of several Americans being nominated
Cardinals. As the good faith of the pre
late In question could not be doubted It
was supposed that he was laboring un
der a misapprehension. His apparent
mistake can easily be explained. Euro
peans generally and Italians in particu
lar use the term "American" as applying
equally to Canadians, citizens of tha
United States and South Americans.
According to this custom therefore, even
if the Pope, who does not speak Eng
lish, mentioned his Intention to create
several American Cardinals, he did not
mean that they should come exclusively
from the United States.
The whole of Central and South Amer
ica, with a Catholic population of over
60,000.000, never had a Cardinal. Brazil,
the largest of the I/atln-Amertcan coun
tries, has repeatedly asked for a Cardinal.
It is probable that the Archbishop of.
Bio ds Janeiro will be the first South
American prelate 'to be raised to the pur
ple: but if this is done it will then be dif
ficult to refuse the same favor to Mexico,
and even more difficult not to extend tha
privilege to the Archbishops of Buenos
Ayres, Argentine and Santiago. Chile.
It has been suggested. In order to make
room for new Cardinals, to reduce tha
Cardinals In those countries which do not
seem to be sufficiently appreciative of tha
privilege, as, for Instance, France, which
normally has seven Cardinals.
The suggestion also has been mada to
continue the system inaugurated by Leo
XIII to bring about a better balanco be
tween the numbers of foreign and Italian
Cardinals.
In tha "United States there are several
Archbishops whose high attainments) fit
them to enter the Sacred College. Arch
bishop Ryan of Philadelphia is consid
ered first among these, but the situation
Is such that not only the personality of
the man to be selected must be consid
ered, but also the Importance- of tha geo
graphical situation of the archdiocese.
For Instance, if a new Cardinal wera to
be named the relative importance of Phil*
adelphla. New York, Chicago and St.
Louis must be taken into consideration,
as. owing to their positions in the Catholic
world, any one of them would bt» worthy
to be the se* of tha new prince of tha
church.
According to opinion prevailing at tha
Vatican It is not likely that in the next
consistory or in the one following wilTa
red hat be sent to the United States.
SUB V IVORS OP SOUTH
PORTLAND BEACH tttctcti
1 Captain Mclntyre Slips Ashore From
Chico and Avoids Making State
ment About Wreck.
Captain James Mclntyre. master of the)
wrecked steamer South Portland, arrived
this morning shortly after midnight on
the steamer Chico.
Quite a number of people had gathered
on the dock to await the arrival of the>
commander of the lost ship, but he man
aged to slip ashore without any one see-
Ing him and must have jumped onto tha
dock from the stern of the steamer be
fore her gangplank was put out. He evi
dently did not care to be seen or to make
any statement regarding his extraordi
nary conduct on the night of the loss of
his ill-fated vessel. At any rate, ha
somehow contrived to reach the dock
and disappear without being seen by any
one on shore.
Besides Captain Mclntyre. the Chico
brought the following named survivors of
the S«vHh Portland: James Ward, chief
engineer; T. Pezzattl, second engineer; W.
Hughes fireman; "W. Robertson, fireman:
James Drisc'oll. oiler: John McKeoa, oiler:
Joseph Alwood, seaman: James Reemos.
seaman; S. Johnson, seaman: TVf*T"m*
Petsomonls, cook; "W. "Wilson, stowaway;
L. Bally and H. Webber, passengers.
(b) "I Arise from Dreams of TheV*
-Brurulor*
Mrs. Katharine Flsk.
"Waltz. "Hochielts Klaenge" Strauss
Caprtccto Espa «mol Rlmskl-Xorrakow
"Rld« of the Valkyries" Wagner
E. Romayne Simmons, accompanist.
The organization will be heard In Oak
land this evening. No one can afford t»
miss It
BLANCHE PARTTNQTON.
"GOOD THINGS"
LAND THE COIN
WARM GREETING
FOR NORDICA
Duss' Orchestra Scores
a Most Brilliant
Triumph.
Fashionable Audience En
joys Splendid Programme
at the Alhambra.
One longr triumph was the concert given
by the Metropolitan Opera-house orches
tra at the Alhambra last night Folk,
musical and fashionable, everybody was
there, with appetites and enthusiasm at
grand opera pitch. Xordlca, soloist of the
evening, came In for a welcome that sane
Itself Into an epic of victory In her "Dich
Theure Halle," and the . orchestra— such
an orchestra!— evoked a fine enthusiasm.
J. H. Dun, who' made his first local bow
at the desk last .night, also came In for
a generous welcome.
The enthusiasm was as remarkable as
was the whole concert The affair, owing
to the eccentricities of special trains, did
not begin until 9 o'clock, but this did not
in the least dampen matters. And though
-some few people, left before the close —
well after 11 o'clock— the concert ended
with regret to the rest The orchestra
Itself, that had been traveling around
from 6:30 o'clock in the morning and was
fresh from an exacting programme at
Palo Alto In the afternoon, cams with
extraordinary spirit to its task.
One cannot I but wish one had an or
chestra like this of Mr. Duss to play on.
It seems no trouble at all. Plays itself,
apparently. And it would be a sheer de
light to listen to in anything. How can
one describe the beauty of the brass, the
round, golden note of it? There Is a
young trumpeter doing the thing Impos
sible—he did in the "Parsifal" excerpt,
and two worthy fellows of his. Again,
the horns are glorious— the first of them
got his chance in the "Norwegienne Rhap
sodle," the trombones, too. Fine strings
again, finely led by Mr. Franko, concert
master, and a choir of woodwind that
satisfies wholly. One listens now here,
now there, with pleasure in the simple
tonal beauty, no matter what Is said, and
there was much said in last night's pro
gramme worth listening to. The orches
tra is wonderfully balanced and respon
sive to its last member.
Mr. Duss, the new leader. Is a pic
turesque sort of person of marked Indi
viduality and graceful presence. He !a
modest in his leadership, which, with an
orchestra that needs little, is a "virtue in
itself. They do the light thins and Mr.
Duss gracefully permits them to do it.
One should be grateful, and is, to the
conductor for this.
Among numbers new here on the pro
gramme — rich' In novelty— was - a delight
ful "Suite Norwegienne," by Hallen.
skillfully made, characteristic In color and
original in theme.
It is among, the most charming things
lately heard here. Elpar's coronation
march "With Pomp and Circumstance,"
Is a dashing movement, splendid in its
pompous s-wintr, and the "Parsifal Vor
spiel" was another notable novelty, with
some delicious moments in a rather
wondering movement Weingartner's ar
rangement of the Weber "Invitation to
the Waltz" proved a scholarly and thor
oughly musical transcription, and the
Ooldmark "Vorsplel" was also very pleas
ing. Other numbers were the Tschai
kowaky "Overture Solennelle," and the
Massenet "Vorsplel" from "Herodiade."
also new. The numbers were frequently
encored, the leader generously responding.
Xordlca has perhaps never been in bet
ter voice than last evening. There is not
a trick of singing that she has not, and
one got them all last night She sang the
"LJebestad," from "Tristan and Isolde,"
In miraculous, dazzling fashion, as daz
zling as Mme. Nordlca looked, which is
saying everything. Orchestra, audience,
everything faded while she sang into a
forgotten background for the most won
derful love song ever made.
The singer was uproariously encored and
generously compiled with the imperious
demand. Not less radiantly intelligent
was her "Dleh Theure Halle," into which
she soared full-voiced and spirited at
once — and It's a tremendous thing to do!
Mme. Nordlca was sympathetically ac
companied in these by the orchestra, and
on her encores. Schumann, Strauss, Grieg,
Halm songs, by Komayne Simmons, who
has developed greatly since his last visit
here. '
The concert of to-day has the following
programme:
Overture. "Carnevale Romalne" Berlioa
Choral and Fugue ...... Bach- Abert
Aria. "Adieu du l'Hotesse Ara.be" Bizet
Mrs Katharine Flak.
Danse Suits from "Henry VIII" German
(a) Allegro Glocoso: Morrla Dance.
(b) Allegretto Quasi Andantlno; Shepherds'
Dance.
(c) Allegro Molto; Torch Dance.
Violin solo— Fantasle. "Mlgnon" Sarasate
Nahan Franko.
"Cossack et Russlenne," from "Bal Costume"
¦ Rubinstein
SongV^-'(a) "To Thee. O lord. Most Mighty
Power" Dusa
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 28, 19OJJ.
10
ADVERTISEMENT S.
Hats like §v£ra|i||§
these for
>Jk \^ I These hats are as good as
jT ?L *^ e rc S u^ ar $ I *5° ** at such as
iN^ &tejfeJ| y<> u bu 7 anywhere.
Tli e shapes are Fedora?,
Tv Graecos, Dnnlap Crushers,
Tourists, Three -in-Ones — a
" large, wide-brim shape with
dented crown, and several
other stylish shapes. They come in black and colors for those*
who want them.
Every one is union made and bears the label. See them in
our windows^ — you can telPin a minute that tliey are values at
the price. I
Good for every-day wear, and you can easily afford two or
three different shapes.
Out-of-town orders filled— write -7.
740 Market Street
AMUSEMENTS.
I (25E&8 Glass "fFjl ?Q
v iHN NaturaI "I IB<12Otb Meridian— Pacific Time.) -..
SAN FRANCISCO. Oct. 27 — 5 p. m.
oUowins are the seasonal rainfalls to
compared with thc»« of earn* date la*t
a, and rainfall in last twenty-four hours:
La?t This Last
f tatlcns— 2i hours. Season. Season.
Kureka <>¦**> " r2 * - m
"eG BluS °-^O O.il 3.34
t^acrarn^ito 0-«*> °- 14 1 5 7
:-an Francisco 0.00 O.l. 1..0
Fr»mo 0-09 0.00 0.42
In<Jer*«<>nce 0.00 Trace 0.33
Fan Let* OtUpo .... 0.00 0.02 2.00
Los Angeles .0.00 0.43 0.33
Ban Diego 0.00 0.06 0.&3
THE COAST RECORD. I
•j 2 ¦ K O 2 3
I Si la Jl V i
STATION. I «3 «;g =3 |- 5.
; § c • S»S ?
Baker 30.19 «> 34 N aoudy .00
Carson 30. IS 72 30 W Cloudy .00
Eurtka .30.2* S« 4$ E Cloady .00
FaraJloa 3O.2O 6« 54 XW Cloudy .00
J*r*sao 30.10 n »'W ¦ Clear -0O
F1ag»t«fr 30.18 en 28 N"W Clear .««»
Independence .30.14 74 4S S . Clear .CO
. Lee Angeles.. 30. 12 74 50 TV Clear .00
Mt TarsaIpaU.30.20 TO 53 XW Clear .00
Hard. Head... 30.08 M 64. £E Bain .30
CHICAGO. Oct. 27. — Wheat selling by com
mission houses and local traders iras Quite
general at the opening. Influenced by the
brighter prosnecta for peace in the Orient, in
creased receipts in the Northwest and ex
tremely favorable weather. December was un
changed to He lower at Sl%«JSl%e. and dur
ing the first hour the price declined to SO%c,
with very little demand. Commission houses
were fair buyers and with a letup In the sell-
Ing pressure the market later became some
what firmer, but the recovery was only tem
porary. Larrer world's stocks than had been
estimated. Bradstreet's showing an increase In
the visible rupply of 4.42S.000 bushels, resulted
In much celling the last hour of the day. and
the market again turned weak. Decernb<?r sell
lns; cS tf> £0Hc. Outside markets were all
lower, and this fact acted as a depressing in-,
fluence during- the latter part of the senaion-
The demand imoroved slightly toward the
close on reports of a good export business
at the seaboard and December closed at 80% c,
a loss of Tic for the day. .
Corn was still tending downward, owing to
continued fine weather. Trade was quiet,
with further bear pressure from the provision
crowd in evidence. December closed lifJ'Hc
lower at 43TJC. ¦
Trading In oat» was dull and uninteresting."
with prices inclined to weaken In sympathy
with the decline In other grain. December
closed %c lower at 35%c.
Trading tn provisions was »bw and in-
Chicago Grain Market.
Weather Report.
WHEAT FREIGHTS — Continue about as be
fore at 13s Cd as the average rate, usual Euro
pean ODtlons, with the bulk of the spot char
ters—which are not many— for Barley, as the
shippers are doing practically nothing in
Wheat The chartered Wheat fleet in port
has a registered tonnage of 2S.S6O. against
46 230 tons on the same date last year: dis
engaged. 11S.13O tons, against 54,000; on the
way to this port. 239.000 tons, against 190.00O.
WHEAT — Chicago was about lc lower and
weak without particular feature. Bradstreet's
gave the world's supply an increase of 4.5CO,-
OCO bushels.
In this market futures were lower and quiet
er The cash grain was quiet and featureless.
CASH WHEAT.
California Club, $1 4O01 43: California
White Australian. $1 GC©r 35: Northern Club.
$1 40411 42%; Northern Blue Stem. $1 30<&l 55:
Oregon Valley. $1 40#l 45 per ctl.
FUTURES.
Sesnton 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. ¦ Low. Close
December ...$1 «'4 ?} «*• *} « $1 41
M a y - 1 40*i 1 40V* 1 40 1 40
' 2 p. m. Session.
May 1129% .... ......
BARLEY— There was less activity In fu
tures as the urgency of the demand to fill De
cember short contracts was over. Cash gram
continued steady at the. quotations of the pre
ceding day. wltn a fair demand.
CASH BARLEY.
Feed 1 13fi©l W*: Shipping and Brewing,
$1 2081 22%; Chevalier. $1 20<gl 45 for fair to
chOlC# ; FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
No sales. .¦
2 D. m. Session.
Open. High*. Low. Close.
December .-.$1 13?4 $1 Uii $1 13% $1 13%
OATS— Rule ¦ steady at previous quotations,
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 S2?i
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 S3
Sterling Exchange, cables . . .'. — 4 S7
New York Exchange, sight — 02%
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — C5
Bllver, per ounce — 60Vi
Mexican Dollars 4» 48
Exchange and Bullion.
LOCAL MARKETS.
STRAWBERRIES — Longworths, $3©10 per
chest: large berries, $1 5Ot?.'J.
RASPBERRIES^ — $3 &0©6 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES — 9c per pound.
CRANBERRIES— Caoe Cod, $3 30 p«r bbl;
Coos Bay. $2®3 p*r box.
APPLES — OOc0$l rer box for fancy, 5(V@S3c
for seal, to choice and 25@40c for common.
PEARS? — Bartletts. nominal; winter varie
ties, 4C@73c per box for common and 7ocii
$1 23 for Winter Nellls.
QUINCES — 35<0COc per box.
PIGS — NKjiGOr for drawers and single layers
and $isf?l 23 for double layers.
POMEGRANATES— 60©75c for small boxes
and S2#2 5O for large. ¦
¦ PERSIMMONS — 50c©$l per box or crate.
PLUM? — Coe'n late red. 50>@65c &er box.
GRAPES — 25©40c for small boxes. 4O@60c
for crates .and 50c!S$l 25 for large open boxes;
Wine Grape*, 51SS21 P«r ton for Zlnfandel
and $14gl6 for Mission; White. |13@1« per
ton.
MELONS-^Cantalonpes. 75c®$l 23 cer crate;
Nutmeg Melons, 40<gS3e per box. .
CITRUS FRUITS — Oranges. $2 5002 75 for
fancy Valenclas. $2©2 25 for chotce and $1©
1 50 for standard: J-emons. $1®2 50 per box;
Grape Fruit. $1 50<82 50; Mexican Lime*. $4Q
4 50; Bananas, $1©1 73 per bunch for Ha
waiian aDd $21?3 for Central American; Pine
apples. $2€2 SO per dozen. ¦
The fruit market was amply supplied with
most descriptions and trade was quiet, as
local requirements were moderate and there
was very little •doing In the shipping . line.
Apples continued to arrive ! freely from all
growing sections and th» movement in fancy
stock continued fair. Occasional lots of some
varieties commanded a small premium over
the quoted rates, but $1 was the top for. the
general run of fancy stock. The lower grades
were abundant and were net wanted at any
price. Fancy Pears and Quinces were in good
request at full figure*, but trashy stock, which
was .abundant, moved slowly. A few small
consignments of Flus were received and were
quickly disposed of at good figures. Pome
granates. Persimmons and Plums were plenti
ful and showed little change. The demand for
table Grap*s was less active than on th» pre
ceding day and prices of small packages
ranged lower The toD quotation for large
boxes was considered an extreme figure for
strictly fancy lots of the Muscat variety, which
were in rather small supply.
Receipts cf Strawberries and Raspberries
were more liberal than on the preceding day
and prices were lower, with surplus stock
going to the canners at the Inside quota
tion. Huckleberries - and Cranberries ruled
firm under light eurjplles. Citrus and Tropi
cal fruits were plentiful and unchanged. New
crop Navel Oranges and Grape Fruit were of
fering at $4 and $3 per box respectively, but
moved slowly owing to their greenness.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits
SEATTLE. Oct. 27. — Clearings, $774, 32S: bal
ance?. S1.-..1.C03.
TACOMA. Oct. 27,-r-Clearings. $34G,5SS; bal
ances. sU3,D.".S.
PORTLAND. Oct. 27.— Clearings, IS01.03.1;
balances. .$M,7!v».
SPOKANE. Oct. 27.— Clearings, $4C7,1CC;
fcaUnces. $37,413.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Oct. 27.— Wheat — Wall Walla.
74#75c; blueetem. 7Sc; valley, 7Sc.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Qf t. 27. — Wheat — Unchanged,
firm. BInestem. 62%e; club, 7S«ic.
Northern Business.
EVAPORATED APPLES — The market con
tinues firm, with supplies light. Common ar»
quoted at 4@3%c; prlm«>. 5%$6c; choice, 6H@
Cjic: fancy, 7c
PRUNES — Root prunes continued very quiet.
but prices still ranee from ZV*c to 7c for all
grades.
APRICOTS — Are In fair demand and rule
firm. Cholc* r.re quoted «f 0H$y%c: extra
choice. 10<R10%c: fancy. 11612%c.
PEACHES — Also met with a steady Jobbing
business and are steadily held. Choice are
quoted at 7»-;e7%c; extra choice. 7%©SHc;
fancy. 9 Vi© 10 Uc
PKTROLEUM— Firm.
COFFEE — Spot Rio. firm: No. 7 Invoice, 6c:
mild firm: Cordova. 7^4«T12e. Futures closed
weak net &815 points lower. Sales; l.TJ).50<>
bags. December. S^.ifia.oSc; March. 5.63c:
Maj- 6.73c; Julr. 5.S3S?.05c; September, 3.03
ert.lhc.
SUGAR — Raw, steady; refined, quiet.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK. Oct. 27.— FLOUR— Receipts.
33.3S.S barrels: exports. S000 barrels: firm and
moderately active: winter straits, $3 95?i4 10;
winter extras, $3#3 40; winter low grades,
$2 W0O3 20.
WHEAT — Receipt*. 4S.73O: exports. fCOO
bushrls: spot, easy; No. 2 red, PS%c elevator;
No. 2 red. S7%c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 Northern
Duluth. 03o f. o. b. afloat: No. 1 hard Manito
ba, nominal f. o. b. afloat. Options ruled dull
and rather weak all the forenoon. Selling wait
quite general, based on poor cables, heaviness
in the Northwest and more peaceful political
news. After a noon rally on export rumors th#
market yielded again to bearish pressure and
closed H*?%c let lower. May. S3 3-l«<g.S4c.
closed ««ic: July. gOfism^e. closed 60c; De
cember. 87 %CS7% c. .closed S7%c.
HOPS— Steady.
HIDFS — Steady.
WOOL— Firm.
Nczv York Grain and Produce.
h =s i §
3 B D.
_ 3. 1 m
FRUITS. E" I f i *
*' ! "_T.__t T.
Apples ••* I55 !' 1 £;*}£>;* 1 1(>
Apricot* 1 3J.1 25}
I Blackberries 1 C0^ 1 40! 1 30. 1 20
: Cherries. R. A 2 15 1 9o{ 1 tS 1 40
i Cherries, white 1 «3i 1*0 133
Cherries black 2 CO 1 1 75; 1 00 1 33
'Grapes. L35 1 20} 1 10 1 CO
> Yellow Free Peaches 1 4C« .„. . . „
Lemon Cling Peaches.. 1 SO^ 1 M\ 1 30t 1 20
p ears 2 00< 1 75i {
Plums'." ". 1 35| 1 15| 1 OSi 03
; Raspberries 2 50t 2 25! 2 10; 1 90,
j s\rt P wberries 2 Ooj 1 75! 1 60[ 1 40
I CANNED VEGETABLES — Tomatoes. 2%-lb !
standard 83c- Green Peaa — Baby p*tlts pols.
$1 SO; pettts poi3. $1 33: extra slued. $1 15;
standard sifted. $1; standards. We; marrow
! fats. S2%c: gallon, sifted. $4 2o; .gallon.
f standard. $3 75^ Y^/s^S '».«-. !
COAL— Wellington. $* per ton; New Uel-
I lington. $-Su Seattle. $•> 50: Bryant. $6 50; Bea
ver Hill $5 50; Stanford. $7: Roslyn. $7; Coos
Bay $"> 50: Greta. $7: Wallsend. $7: Rich-:
mon'd. $7 30; Cumberland. $13 in bulk and
$14 23 in sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg.
$14- Welsh Anthracite Eg5. *13; Welsh Lump.
$11 '50; Cannel. $S 50 per ton: Coke. $11 50© ¦
13 wt ton in bnlk and $15 in sacks; Rocky;
Mountain descriptions, $S 45 per 2000 lbs and :
$S 50 per ton. according to brand. - ¦
Since the steamship Ventura Ifcft there have
been the following deliveries of Australian
coals, namely: Vlncenne*. 3031 tons: West Lo
1 thian. 2475 tons; TInto Hill. 31M tons; AIcl
nous. 24CO tons; Champigny. 3ST.O tons: Strath
gryfe, 3370 tons; Pass of Bal ma ha. 242O tons:
total. 17.S29 tons. Although the arrivals from
the colonies have been only rtx ships, still the
liberal deliveries last month have filled up sll
local requirements for Newcastle coals. Th«
chartered list from Sydney and Newcastle
foots up twenty-nine Teasels, twenty-seven of
which are already on way. The carrying- ca
pacity of the vessels engaged Is 83.0CO tons; In
June last the chartered list was seventy-eight
vessels, with a capacity of 233.0CO tons. Thesa
figures show a shrinkage of shipments from
Australia within the pa?* four months of 150,-
C00 tons, and but few names are being added
I to the loading 11.- 1 at present, as the asking
rates of freight are higher than Importers can
afford to pay. It »s very evident ' that the
quantities of coal to be consumed locally this
year will be fully 2C0.0C0 tons less than in
180C. clearly demonstrating that fuel oil is
making furthw inroads Into the consumption
of coal. There i» little change In the selling
price since last mall. The values of fuel for
domestic use are being well malctain«d. Tt»e>
quantity being consumed will be largely In
creased within the next two month*. The eut
put of British Columbia collieries Is being
freely forwarded.
PACIFIC CODFISH — Bundles, por Ib. 3%c;
cases, reaolar. 4c: cases, extra large. 414c:
Eastern style. «%c; boneless. 4%c: '"Norway."
4lic; "Narrow G*a«," 5c: '"Silver King."
6«4c- blocks. '"Oriental." 5c: Mocks. "Set
bright." 5V»c: tablets. 6c; middles. '>'-« (J7 ! ic;
fancy boneless. SSS%e: pickled Cod. bbis.
$7 60- olckled Cod. half bbls. $4 50.
CORDAGE— The local company ' quotes as
follows. eO days or % per cent discount for
cash no sales under 10.0Or> lbs: Manila. 14%c-
Slsal. lie; Duplex, 10c; Bal* Rope, lisn^c
per Ib.
COFFEE — Costa Rica — 12%©13e for strictly
prime to fancy washed. ll#12c for prime
washed. l(H4610*Lc for good w*«,h<d. 9%@
ll%c for rood to prime washed peabfrry 8%
©9Uc for good to prime peahens 8%1Jl0c for
good to prime. 7©9c for fair. 4««%e for com
mon to ordinary. Salvador — H4J12e nominal
for strictly prime washed. S%810%c for good
to prime washed. 7%®Sc for fair washed. &©
10%c for fair to prim* washed t>eab<?rrv
"TsfiS^ic for good to prtae ternl-washed, "H@
8c for superior unwashed. 7&7%e for good
green unwashed. 7%6-Sc for good to superior
unwashed pe»berry. 466c for Inferior to> or
dinary. Nlcarag-us* — ll%C?13c nominal for
prime t» fancy washed. 8©10c nominal for
fair to strictly good washed. 6* 4 ©7\ie for
good to superior unwashed. "%©Sc for irood to
prime unwashed peaberry. Gnatemala and
Mexican, 13%© 13c nominal for fancy washed.
11 ft 13c for prime to strictly prime washed!
9%eiO%c fcr strictly good washed. 9<&9%c for
good washed. 7%ffS%c for fair washed. a»7^c
for medium.- 488c for- Inferior to ordinary,
SU610%c for fair to prime «nw»shed . pea-.
berry, l%^Sc for jood to prims unwasae4"$«A-
[ Eggs are now going down faster than they
j went up. Buyers are holding off. on the
1 ground that they can buy cheaper to-morrow
I than to-day, and stocks of ranch, though
¦ still small. »re accumulating. While most
: houses asked Cc for their choice Eggs
several were willing to sell at 47%c. and one
; hnu*e reduced Its asking rrice away down to
: 4oc and even then ecu Id net sell. Frenh East
¦ rrn are coming !n right along, and as they aro
in good supply, not to mention the larwe offer
ings of cold storage goods, both State and
Eastern, they are cutting seriously Into the
consumption of ranch stock. The tendency of
the market Is to decline rapidly.
Fine Butter and Cheese are both steady.
¦ while the medium and lower grades are dull
j and week. Supplies of both are liberal. Prices
, are unchanged.
Recetpts were Sfi.COO lbs Butter €62 cases
I Egsrs and 4CC0 Its Cheese.
'¦¦ BUTTER— dreamery. 28029c for extras and
! 2«5€27c for seconds: dairy. 2l<g23c; store Butter.
I 17%*il9c; cold storage, 24'g2<ic; Eastern, 23 j g20c
I per Ib.
CHEESE— 12%c for the general market. 131*
! 13Vic for select mild new and ll©12c for lower
I grades; Young Americas. 13%S14c; Eastern.
1 lDU.szi«Uc: Western. Hfil5c per Ib.
EGGS-^-Ranrh. 42l»C50e; store, nominal; coM
j etorage. 27T4e.'5fic: Eastern. 2SS30c for fresh
and 25Si2t3c for coid storage.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
UNITED STATES BONDt.
Bid.A3k.f Bid. Ask.
(s qr coup... Ill %112%'<l5 qr new. ..1354lSG'i
*s qr reg 111%112% Ss qr coup... 109 h* 110
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. — ' — >O T Co 5s... — 110%
Bay CPC 5a. — 104 Do con I*. 103 1(15
Cal C G 5s.. 104% — SO W C G 5s. — 97%
Cal G <& E g lOceanlc S 6s. 73 70
, m & ct Cs. — 102% Om CR61. — 122'i
Cal-st 5a — — ;Pac O Im 4s — »*
C C Wat 5s. — 1C2%'P E Ry 5s.. — 109%
E L & P «5s.l24% — P&CHCs..— —
?*CH&..- 11* iP * O R Us.118% —
Geary-st5s.. 45 UO [Powell-st eo.112% —
H C&S 5%s.l01 — iS E G*R 3s — lOK'i
H C & 3 5s. — 10O tSF & SJV 5s.ll5 117
Hon R T Ks.l0ft«41ft* R R cf C to. 112% —
L A Elec 5s. 03 104 jS P of A 6s
L A Ry 5»..112%1*3V, nOCO) ,...107»i —
LALCoto. — — «191C> lC8*ilC0%
Do gtd «s. — — ;S P of C 8s
Do gtd 5s-102%lC3%> <t903)Sr A.102 —
i LAP lem 3». — 101 ( <l!>t«)Sr B.103 1«
Mkt-st C Cs. IIS — ! <19O»5> 104%10«
Do lem 5s. 112 115 ' H912) 114 —
-SRRof CCs. — 107*; SPC Icy 5s. — 11*%,,
Do 5» llt% — I Do stmpd.lCS%10»
N P C R 5S.1C6 10f» v f? P B R «*. — U4
N C R 59... — 112 3 V W «s...l<»>i -
VC P C 5s. — — j Do 4s 2dm. WVS —
1 N S R 3s... 99%101 I Do 4s 3.1m. 09 —
O G L H 5s.l07*»lO» Stkn G4E «s 85 102%
O T Co 6s...*19 119 U G 4 E 3j. - —
WATER STOCK3.
Contra Costa 41% 45 Port Ccsta... — —
Marin Co.... 61 — iSp V W Co. S3% 40
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. 3«4 - Sae E O A R - -
Mutual E U 11 n S F G A E. CT*i 70
Oak O L4H. 10T, 12- S F Gas.... 3 3',
Pac G Imp.. — — Stkn G & E. 5 —
? Pac Lighting 5S — (U G & E... — —
TRUSTEES* CERTIFICATES.
S F O & E. CS% 70
INSURANCE.
FlrenVs Fcd-320 —
BANK STOCKS.
Am Nat Bk.122%127% |L P A A....l«) 166'*
\n*lo-Cal -. — 95 |Mer Trust. . .23O —
Bank of Cal. — 4.->5 (Merch Ex... — —
Cal Safe Dp. — WO |S F Natlonl. —
First Natal. — — ' *.-; .
SAVINGS BANKS. *
Hum 3 * l! — — SiC S=v BL400 SCO
Mutual -Sa».~— — Union T Co^ — —
STREET RAILROADS.
Cailforcls. ..193 205 jPresidlo JI —
Giant Wi 87%/Vlgortt — S
SUGAR.
Hana P Co.. 40c 75c fKHanea 8 C. — *
Hawaiian C..44 45% Makawell C. 21% 22'i
Hjnokaa S C 13«4 — |CnGin«a S C. 32% 33
Hutch SPC 10h lOVPaaufcau SC — 18
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack — 155 lOceanlc S C — T
' Cat Fruit As 94 ft* j Pac A F A. ¦ 2% —
Cal Wine As. — »4%I Fac C Bcrx-iei 163
Morning Sessioo.
Board —
60 California Win* AssocUUoa M CO
10 Hawaiian Commercial * Sugar. . 44 50
5 Makawell :.-- 22 <X»
S*S F Ga< A Electric Co "....%. 6S 23
45 S F Ga3 A Electric Co «.H 5t>
SO 3 F Gaj 4 Electric Co 8S 73
10 3 F Gw'* Electric Co «M G'i
1W Sprint; VaUey Water Co......... 40 00
Street — ,
$5000 S V 4s bends <2J mtge) 99 50
AfternobQ Session.
Board—
10O Honokaa 13 23
l*»0 Mutual Electric Light 11 00
SZMO Northern Ry of.Cal 5s bends 114 25
25 Pacific Gas Imp W W
BO S F Gas A Electric Co «S 50
50 S A Gas A Elec Co. s 10 69 CO
5 Spring Valley Water CO 39 *7%
SSCOO S V 4s bends <24 mtse) 9» S»
$2C0O SV 4a bonds <2d mtge). il» J» 5*>
Street — - i*if..
5 S F Gas A Electric Co CT 62%
5 S F Gas * Electric Ca « 75
$"000 S P of C «a bonds (1908)....."... 106 fr>
$200* Do (190&. series B) ...103 23
California Stock and Oil Exchange
Oil Stock — Bid. Ask*<i.
l^ia^'TrV«"ce"rtV.V.".V.* 13 ...^
California. Standard 11 13
TUESDAT. Oct. 27— J 9. m.
Stock and Bond Exchange.
B\GS— Grain Bags. 5^5*%c; San Quentin.
5.55c; Wool Bags. 32«35c; Fleece Twine. 7%
§Sc; Cotton Fruit Bags, «%c, 6%c and 7Vic
for the three grades: Brown Jute. S'i©7%c.
CANNED FRUITS— The Califcrma Fruit
Canners' Association quotes the following "price
list for 10C3 stock:
General Merchandise.
; The Poultry market was liberally supplied
i and easy, especially for domestic stock, which
; was hard to move, owing to the heavy arrivals
of Western and the competition of Game.
! Large young Turkeys were in good demand
; and price* had a narrower range, but every
; thing In the chicken line | rras dull and Hens
; and ycung Roosters Jjere quoted lower.
Game arrived fre*^" ar.d cleaned up well at
1 previous prices.
; POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 2C/g22c per Ib for
. young and 1-WilTc for eld: Geese, per pair.
[$1 75<g2; Goslings. $262 2. D_ck?, $4 J0@5 per
¦ dozen for old and $."fi''> f^r youn?: Hens. $1 34)
¦ ft5: young Roosters. $4fS5; o!J Roosters, *t SO-tl
I ft; Fryers. $3 50@4; Broilers. $3g.I 50 for large
' and $2 50*63 for small: Pigeons, $IS1 25 per
, dozen for old an-i $2&2 25 for Squa.be.
I GAME— Mallard Ducks, $456 per dozen: Can-
I vasback. $5<ij7; Sprig. $3 WS-l 50: TeaL $2 501*
• 3; Widgeon. $2 50; small Ducks. $1 50S2- Gray
¦ Geese. $3; White Geese. $1 25SI 50: Brant,
¦ $1 50 for small and ?2 fcr large: English Snipe.
$3; common. Snipe. $1 50; Wild Doves, $1 25:
, Rabbits. $1 75 for Cottontails and $1 25 for
! Brush; Hsre. $1 25.
Poultry and Game.
There was a street sale of $5C<X> Spring- Val
ley Water second mortgage 4s at $39 50 en
Monday.
Linda Vista Oil Company has levied assess*
rnest No. 3 of 2c per share, to become delin
quent November 14.
There was a fair business In bonds, but
stacks were «fj!et. The only noteworthy fiue
tuatlcns were In the gas stocks, which were
firm. Gas and Electric selling up to $39. and
the certificates sympathizing. Pacific Gas was
higher at $55 and Mutual Electric sold at $11.
The oil stocks continued dull.
BOSTON. Oct. 27. — The wool market has
been without special feature this week. There
is a fair movement In consumption, with the
leading mills steady buyers: the market Is
firm. There has been demand for all grades.
with .fine and medium taken In satisfactory
quantities. Quotation?:
Territory — Ida fin*». l**5*t.V: fine medium. 16
*?17c- medium. lS<s?10c: Wyoming fine. 14@'15c:
fine medium. 16<817c: medium. lS%?rlOc; Utali
and Nevada fine. ir..$l<5c: fine medium. 17?J
17Uc- medium. 10fi20c: Dakota fine. 15<@16c;
fine* medium. lO%81T%c; medium. 19S20c.
Montana — Fine choice.- 10R2**c: fine medium
choice. 10 < g20c; staple, 20ig21c; medium choice,
20@21c.
Boston Wool Market.
ST. JOSEPH. Oct. 27. — CATTLE— Receipt?.
4WX): steady to 5c lower; natives. $ifti 50:
cows' and heifers. $1 SW 70; rtockerg and
feeders. *2 5OS4 ?5.
HOGS — Receipts, 317C; steady; medium,
$4 50.
SHEEP — Receipts, COO: steady to strong;
lambs, $5 23: sheep, $3 75.
ST. JOSEPH
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 1^.000; to-morrow.
26.0CO: lCix25c lower: mixed and butchers.
$5 45-35 50: good to choice hea%->\ *~> ."^35 60;
rouph h*avy *r>e5 70; light, $5 15&5 60; bulk
of sales. ?5 30©5 «).•
SHEEP— Receipts. 25.CCO: -he«o steady:
lambs steady to 10c lower; good to choice
wether- WS.I 75: fair ta cholee n-.ix»4. $2g-3:
Western sheep. $2 2563 ."«: native lambs, $3 23
4}5 75; Western lambs. $-1 .V>85.
CHICAGO, Oct. 27. — CATTLE — Receipts.
900O. including 25*10 Western; slow; good to
prime steers. $5 3fxg5 75; poor to medium.
$3 e»«g4 85- stockers and feeders, $2 2i©4 10;
cows. SI 334H 23; heifers. $2©4 7i; canners,
$1 .*W^2 6t>; bolls. - «I*r 00 : calve-, $2«« .75 ;
Texas fed steers. $2 75^3 50; Western steers,
$.-W?4 73.
CHICAGO.
Eastern Livestock Market.
Stocks — Sales. High. Lew. Close.
AtctUcn ' 46.000 «S 67 67%
Atcfalson pfd 2.R00 'JO% 00 M>%
Bait & Ohio 22.100 7<5% 75% 75%
Bait & Ohio pfd.. 30O 88 68 K7%
Canadian Pacific . 5,100 120* 4 119% 119%
Cent of N J 100 159 159 15*5
Che* & Ohio 1.C00 30H .23% 29 » 4
Chicago & Alton.. 4.00O 2S% 27*i 28
I Chi & Alton pfd... 30O 64«4 64 64k
I Chicago *-. 3 V." 1.40O 15*, 15% 15
[ Chi £ G W-B pfd._ S0O . 2G T /, 2tJ 26 -V
I Chicago & N W... 1,800 lt»% 166% 1G7
I Chi Term & Trans 3tO • 9*d 0 0
j Chi T & T pfd.... 800 1914 lSVi 19
CCCiStL _ GOD 74»i 731? 7314
! Colo Southern "2.400 MU • i:|ix 131"
Colo South 1st pfd " l.CfJO 74% ¦ 5314 54 C.
Colo fiouth 2d pfd. 1.10O 23% •»•? 22"i
Del * Hudson ... 100 158 " \ZA 150
Del Lacka *W.. 400 2:17 ZJ5 235
Den & Rto Grande 19 li
Den &. Rio O pfd..- 100 eg es" <••;
Erie 23.300 2»% 27«i *»7"H
Erie 1st pfd 4Oi) e7*k 66 a eeaJ
Erie 2d pfd .......' 4,700 50^ 49 2| 4S »?
Great North pfd.. iro
Hocking Valley 700 82% 91^ oT
Hocking Val pfd.. 600 *2% sjvJ ZZ
Illinois Central 1.400 132%, lziil 131
Iowa Central [ m \§u.
Iowa Central pfd . 3. ,
Kans City Sotith.. 10O 1S>4 lS>i \*\l
K C South pfd 20O 31H 3l C »,2
Louie & Nash 6,500 102S, 101% 101?
Manhattan L 3,400 136 134 % 134^
MetropoUtan . St Ry 7,200 111% no 110 *
Minn & St Loult.. 200 48 48 43
Missouri Pacific 64.600 82% 91%
M K * T 1.800 17% 17 17"*
M K * T pfd 2.300 36»4 35« 3GV.
Natl RR cf Mex pfd 10O -39U 3»»4 S3»l
N Y Central 8.100 120% 119% ll»s£
Norf & V.e«tern .. 1.S00 58 57' 57^
Norf & W pfd R5
Ontario & West.. 2,«50O 21 % 20TA 20%
PennrjlvanU M.S00 120% 11J% H9«i
Pitts CC&StL.. 10O «0 • 60 59'
Reading 26.40O 4<J»i 45% 45?i
Reading 1st pfd... 500 77% 76U 77
Reading 21 pfd 62
Rock Island Co 23,600 26% 25% 25 V4
Rock Island Co pfd 900 61\ 60% 60%
Et L&S F 100 flO 60 67
Ft Li & S F let pfd 60
St L A S r 2d pfd 900 47% 4«% 4«%
St L S.W 100 13% 13% 13%
Et L B W pfi . 1.O0O 32T4 « 311,
fct Paul 2.R0O 141 139% 139 V
gt Paul pfd 600 172 172 171%
Southern Pacific .. 38.0Oi> 4.1% 42% 42%
Southern Ry 5,300 18% 18 17%
Southern By pfd .. 3,600 ~G)i 7i*i 74 J3
NEW YORK. Oct. 27. — About the time when
professional ODerators were ia the midst of
their selling to take profits on the considerable
advance of jest?niay and to-day Wail street
was alarmed with rumors of rtnaneial troubles
In St. Louis. This had the effect of ac
ce-ntuattn^ tn* .incdiaatian to sell. Statements
were i*it>il<hed J>elore tbe closing that ejme
pf tte smaller cia;s cf de»ot<ltO'rs . had taken
fright r.nd were withdrawing clex>-.«lts from
.«ocne of the banks and treat comrmnfes in St.
L<ouis. but expressions- of cenfid^nce ¦ were
qatt»4 -that '-no !.-ajt:i would result -to the in
stitutions affected. The xlcelng of the stock
market wa* in consequence lalrly steady, al
though the earlier advances were generally
wlwd out and net losses were the rule at
the close. It was obvious from the outset
that the considerable demand for stocks was
being freely fed for purposes of proflt-taking.
It is difficult to pay, therefore, how far the
St. Louis development may have b^en respon
sible for the reaction. Sentiment in Wall
street is sensitive over the question of trust
company conditions and even »o «nudl an in
cident as the report of a run on a country
bank in Wisconsin, which was started by a
rumcr that the bank hod been i-vtstinz in
railroad securities, was made the subject of
discussion as an Illustration of publtc dis
quiet engendered by banking operations of this
sort. But the reactionary tendency of the
market was caoable of other explanations.
Fcr one thing, the very small outsldo demand
attracted by the advance managed by profes
sionals served a» a warning to taat class of
operator* to restrict their ventures. The dom
inant inffuence of the movement if Amalga
mated Copper on the market also shifted t.}
the side of reaction to-day. The cpen public
discussion between the parties to the Montana
copper quarrel made it evident this morning
that the proposals for arbitration did net
offer a probable outcome. The market for raw
copper also slipped back slightly from yes
terday's spasmodic advance. The opening price
t.f Amal Kama ted was the highest at a shade
under a point over last night and the stock
closed at a net Ic5s of nearly a point. . This
movement was quite decisive In snapingj pro
fessional sentiment on the whole market. A
considerable part of the early ne'Iin* was
credited to London account. The day's heavy
outgo of currency to various pointy was an
other factor of reaction. In the day's total
iranrfers through- the sub-treasury of $1,150,
<JuO there w«s $e50.0n0 sent to New Orleans.
$300.0uO to Chicago and $200,000 to St. Louis.
News from Chicago was of large withdrawals
from there by country banks and New York
exchange at that point fell to 75 cents discount.
This probably marks a beginning of the West
ern crop moving. Tlje local money market
was inclined to fellow the stock market. At
the same time sterling exchan*<» yielded.
Large offers of cotton bills helped this result.
London's favorable attitude to this market
was due to the beginning of the Stock Ex
change settlement, which revealed a consid
erable short account In Americans.
There was a continued good absorption of
bonds, but some of the more speculative issues
r»act<Hi in sympathy with stocks. Total sale',
par value. $i.716.C<X>.
United States 2*. 3s and the old ia advanced
K ser cent on the last call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Nezc York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
The following quotations arefor good, sound
Livestock, delivered in San Francisco, less 50
per c«nt shrinkage fcr Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers. 8^9c: Cows and Heifers.
7BSc- thin Cows. 4?5c wr round.
CALVES — Ifi4«'.c per pound (gross w»i?ht).
SHEEP— Wethers. 3%«J3*ic: Ewes, 3C.>- 4 :
per pound (srross weight).
LAMBS— $2 7563 r*r head
HOC* — Live Hcgs. 130to.2-V> lbs. 5ij5j3»r:
under ISO lbs. 5^«3^c; Sows. 20 per cent eff:
B-oars 50 per cent off. and Stags. 40 per cent
off from above quotations.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
ar» as follows:
BEEF— &g7c for Steers and 5*{£6c per Ib
for Cows. „
VEAI^-Larg?. 6<g7c: small. 8t»c per Ib.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7%@Sc; Ewes. 7g7%c
per pound.
LAMB— OS 10c r*r round.
PORK — Dr*«««»d H««. 7%«9c per pound.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
Both live and dressed Hogs 'are aHghtly low
er, supplies beins rather In exc*s» of the de
mand. Live Ewe» are also a fraction low^r.
Otherwise the meat tnariet. show3 no change.
The butchers still report a scarcity of cars
with which to brles In supplies from the
country
Meat Market.
Flour qr sacks. 5. 445 1 Potatoes, sacks. 1.941
Wheat, etls .... 330' Bran, sacks ... «,355
Oats, ctls 4. 430i Middlings, sacks 4CO
OREGON.
Flour qr sacks. 200 Paper, rolls .... 3S
Wheat ctls ... 43OI Beans, sacks... 5.54*
Barley ct!» ... 79.253 Potatoes, sacks. 2;S»^3
Tallow", ctls ... 306 (Onions sacks . 1.4»TO
Siurar. ctls .... 9*0 Feed, sacks ... 13
Pelts * bdls 33 i Buckwheat, sks. 271
Hides. No. .... 733 Screenings, sks.. 2.2S-1
Ralsina. boxes.. 4,670i Hops, bales.... «l
Quicksilver, fiks 204 ! Wool, bales .... 141
L»3thcr roils... 130 Hay. tons S14
Wine, gals i... 20.0CO Straw, tons ... 5
FOR TUESDAT. OCTOBER 2T.
Receipts of Produce.
NEW YORK. Oct. 27. — The cotton market
closed barely steady at practically the lowest
of the season, or net 16 to 21 points lower.
New York Cotton Market.
Copper underwent a reaction of about 10s in
the English market. *pct closing at £59 ar.d
futures at £53 12s <M, but remained steady
here, though business was not active. Lake Is
quoted at $14, electrolytic at $13 75 and casting
at $13 50. *
Lead was hftrher at £11 6s 3d in London,
but was unchanged here at $4 50.
Spelter was steady at $6 12% In the local
market and unchanged at £20 15s In London.
Iron closed at 41»s in Glasgow and at 43s in
Mitfdtes-boro. Locally iron was quiet. No. 1
foundry. Northern, is quct»«i at $15 -0^10; No.
2 foundry. Northern, at $15<pl5 .V>; No. 1 foun
drv. Southern, and No. 1 foundry. Southern,
toft, at $14 73'gl5 23.
NEW YORK. Oct. 27. — There was a sharp
break In the London market for tin. spot losing
£1 and closing at £117 lfis. while futures de
clined £1 2s tfd to £117 17s «<i. Locally tin
was« rather easier in tone, but unchanged at
$2« 2<3w2ti 50.
Nciv York Metal Market.
The Potato market was liberally supplied and
quiet, with the demand confined chiefly to
strictly fancy stock for local consumption.
The Portland steamer arrived with 1C41 sacks
j of cholee Burbanks. which met with a good de
mand at advanced rates. Salinas Burbanks
! were easier, owing to the competition of Oregon
j stock. River kinds were dul. as all orders for
; shipment were filled. Sweet Potatoes and
i Onions were plentiful and unchanged.
Tomatces continued to arrive freely and the
: top quotation was considered an extreme flg
¦ ure for fancy stock, 40c being about the tap for
i ordinary offerings. Poor stock was overlooked
1 by the regular trade and Urge lines were solJ
I to packers at the minimum quotation. The
other vegetables were tn free supply and prices
J of several kinds- ranged lower.
POTATOES — Burbar.k-t from the river. 43®
1 70c per ctl; Salinas Burbanks, $131 40 per ctl:
i Oregon Burbarks, 75cg$l 10 per ctl: River
; Reds. 50'6«5c per ctl; Sweet Potatoes, $lffl 25
1 per ctl.
i ONIONS— COfiSOc per ctl. -^'
VEGETABLES — Green Corn. 75c®$l per
sack: Green Peas. 2% ©3c per Ib; String Beans.
! 1%«2%c per Ib; Wax. 2g.tc: Lima Beans, 2%@
j 3%c per Ib; Tomatoes. 2i>@5Cc per box; Sam
• mer Squash, 3."V?50c per box: Cabbage. COc p«r
! ctl: Carrots, 75c per sack: Cucumbers, 40g50c
i per box; Garlic. Zfiic £er Ib; Green Peppers,
i 3OQ50c per box for Chile and SO^Cc for Bell;
i Green Okra, 5if6«!5c per box; Ecrgr Plant, 40<©5wc
i per box; Marrowfat Squash. $10 per ton.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Phoenix 30.02 &i 52 SW Clear -'C'iOO
P^catello 30. IS C.S 34 SW Pt.CIdy ."0
Portland 3O.12 5.S 52 SE Rain .14
Point Reyes. .3". 15 &« 52 NW Foggy .00
Red Bluff .-W).12 7S 52 SE Pt.CIdy .00
Roseburg 30.16 €«i 40 W Cloudy Tr.
Sacramento ...''.0.12 SO 54 S Clear .CO
Palt Lake ...*«. 18 f4i 42 S Clear .00
! t-an Franci«co.."V>.2'> 60 52 W Clear : . •": .00
is. L. Obispo..3rt.l« 74 44 N Pt.CTdy .(K>
1 San Diego 30. CU CS 52 NW Clear .(Si
j Seattle :<*>.12 €0 54 SFJ Cloudy .IS
'Spokane 30.16"M 32 SE Cloudy Tr.
I Tatoosh 30.04 50 54 SE Cloudy 1.02
Waila Walla.. Vi. 12 70 46 S Cloudy .00
Winnemucca ..30. IS 72 2« W Cloudy -0O
Yuma :;O.0O 92 56 W Oar .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
The pressure has risen slightly along the
t-oat; of Califcmla and has fallen slowly over
the intermour.tain region. A moderate dis
turbance over Vancouver Island has pass-Hi
eastward along the boundary, but another dis
turbance is apparently developing over British
Columbia and will probably have a southern
rxtension alor.g the coas's cf Oregon and North
ern California. Light rain ir.ay be expected
from San Francisco northward.
The temrwrature has remained almost sta
tionary. exc*M at Pan Francisco, where there
has b**n a fall cf ten degrees.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
I hours ending midnight. October 2S. 1903:
Northern CaUfcrria — Tioudy. unsettled weath
• er Wednesday, with rain In northern portion;
fresh southeast wind.
Southern Calif crnia— Fair Wednesday; light
j northerly winds changing to westerly.
Nevada — ClouJy, unsettled weather Wednes
i dar.
Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy, unset-
I tied weather Wednesday, possibly light rain:
I tight southeast wiads. charging to fresh j
southwesterly. A. G. McADIE.
District Forecaster.
NEW YORK. Oct. 27.— Special cable and
telegraphic communication? to Bradstreet's this
week show th? following changes In available
supplies a? compared with last accounts:
Wheat — United States «n<i Canada, east of
the Rockies, increase 3.428,000 bushels: afloat
for and in Europe. Increase l.OCO.OCO. Total
supply. Increase 4.42S.CCO bushels.
Corn — Uniterl States and Canada, east of the
Rockies .lecrease 8.12S.0UO bushels.
Oats — United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, decrease 32S.00O bushels.
Visible Grain Supply.
Prlceg under this h#ad exhibit no further
variation. Wool U dull. Hides are easy, bota
here and in the East, and Hoes are steady at
the recently revised quotations, with a fair de
mand.
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell
about 1 i-ic under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers. 9%c; medium. S%c: light. 7»ic: Cow
Hides. .«c for heavy and 7*c for light: Stags.
3Uc: Salted KId. S%c: Salted Veal. &%c;
Salted Calf. 10c: dry Hides. 15gl5%c: dry Kip.
13c; dry Calf. 17c: Sheepskins, shearlings. 25^
3Cc each: short Wool. 4O660c each: medium. 70
g?*a; Ion* Wool. $1©1 5O each: Horse H.;d»s.
•alt." $?*K for large and ST&2 5O for medium.
$1 2&gl 73-#or smaU and 50c for Colts: Horse
Hide*, dry. $1 «5 for large and $1 CO for me
dium. $1^1 25 for small and 50c for Colts.
Buck Skins— Dry Mexican. 32c: dry salted
Mexican. 25c: dry Central American. 32e.
Goat Skins — Prime Angoras.' 75c; large and
smooth. Zvc: medium. 35c: small. 20c.
TALLOW — No. 1 tendered. 4%c per Ib: No.
2. 4c: m»ase. 2%l|3c.
WOOL— Fall clip — San Joaquln Lambs*. 9f?
lie: Middle County. Il<gl2c: Northern Free.
Iiai2c; Northern Defective. 10® lie; Hani
bcldt Mendccino. 12@14c; N*eva<la. 13815c:
Oregon, fine. lSglSc; Oregon, medium. 17c
lS©22%c r«r Ib.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
The wekly repcrt cf X. G. McA«!e. i*ct!ca
director of the crop and cMmate service of the
"Weather Bureau, is as fellows:
GENERAL SUMMARY.
The weather during the wwk was generally
¦warm and clear in ail section?. w!;h light
-wieds. Heavy fogs prevailed all along the
ocatt. Forest Crts caused ccnsiierable dam
age tn the foothill district* near Holilster.
O»«!iticn« wer» \Trj* favoraKe for rai?!n
rnaking «nd rrstt-tfryiac. f»Jth of which are
r.earmg comr>leucn. The first crop of raisins
h»* been secured in excellent condition, and
I -«vj ?hlrm'nt« are cow N?ing made to East
fcrn markets frcm the Frffno and San Diego
•1irt«m: it it reported that th* yield is greatly
5n *-xo?*s of La« season's. The second crop cf
r&i»;n< :• said to be light in some *«cti^ns:
is prcnrr*«Eing rapidly. Late grapes are
>t:ii atundant. ar.il lanee quantities are going
to wireriea ar.d taippers. Tte prune crop is
Dearly ail dried and under shelter; the yleli
'it be-low average, but the fruit Is of superior
ifcattty. O/J-.er deciduous fruits are all secured
txerpl late ai rles. which are yielding an ex
-" crcp. Welsut picking is progressing.
cr.i t*i* croz> Ss below average, though the
it ea:i to be good. Oranges continue
¦ 1 ' :>r.t condition *nd are coloring rapidly;
¦-t'.ook is BO..J for »n unusually heavy
- ' '. la all Mrctiens and the fruit is reported
very fine quality. Tomatoes are yielding a
.-¦ : r- r- The honey yield in Southern Cali
-. a fxceU^nt.
Tt* V.rra. btia error ts now rerorted very j
L&avtCB 6on>ewaat lees -than early estl- j
e -»«r be«t season has closed. The i
• - - - of c«!*ry is in market. Farmers in I
¦ • - -.« sro preFartcg to seed a large
* reag? ff. grain and i-lowjng and seeding art
- prexre». Pasruraee i« scaree.
SACRAMENTO VALLET.
v.'ini end clear weather continued durtrg
•*¦¦ »*-ek. with light winis. Fruit-drying it
¦ ,.r:.v cctnpltted and most cf the crop is under
shelter. Tie eecond cro:> of wir.e grapes is)
t.-=-r.r gathered an-i shirr«d- Heavy shipments •,
: table rrar*>« contln-ae, and it Is j
¦T^rtortfi that the grape ehirmeots from |
? arramecto this eetnn are nearly i
tsrtct «* mach as last searos'c. Tree pruning
ha- r&n^nenced in some places. Citrus fruits
ar- in excellent condition; cringes are eclcring
rarW.J". and prospects are good for an un
nnwTlT early and hea\T crop. Plcwlng and
.vf-'.ir.ff are procreseing in sir.nie sections, but
¦»;.: not teccr:* general until rain has fallen, j
a he»vr rain would be ber.encial 10 pasturage. |
COAST AND BAT SECTIONS.
"am weather f'revaiied nut of the week. 1
«;¦!: bea.Tr fogs all alcng the ccast- For«st J
.-Jvi new damage in the hills near Hol
hst*r. Dedftucs fruits are mostly dried and
•jr :»r shelter, but there are ccnsiderable quan-
Ctttea f late pruses en the trays In th* Booth*
<— J .:«:r.rt«. Apple* are plentiful and of ex- j
.r*:ient c-iaHty at gan Luis Obispo. A large
eroy of wir.e grape* .has b**n gathered and
tiuibrf 1= Ponoma County. Tckay grapes ar»
nil'. ri*=tiful tn the Vacavlll* district. and
'irTe sh!pnwnt* continue. Tomatoes. late j
£;r>?. celery and cauUfJcw-r are being har- j
v»*ted ar.d shipped. Farmers in San Benito
Cocsty ar« preparing to »eed a large acreage
fcr the ccsiir.g s*a*cn. Plowing has commenced
In a f«w place*. Fe*d is scarce.
SAN JOAQUIN VALLEY.
Tte weather continued clear and warm dur
ing the w»*k end rapid prcgress was made i
in frult-<ir5"ing and raisin-coring. Tne f-eccn.1 i
'."P cf ra^ir.s U mostly on th« trays ar.d mak- 1
:• r satiifactcry rrosr*ss; the yield in some I
T'.s.ct is reported light. Heavy shipments of j
the t.m crop of rais'.ns an* being made from j
the Freeno district, where the yield is reported j
much greater ¦ • -.- last season's. Prune-drying
S* praciically completed: the fruit is cf un
usually Rood quality, but the yield is generallr
b*If» a\frax». Oranges continue in good ccn
ditlcn and are eclortng rapidly. The !an crop
cf alfalfa ha* been secured, and thrashing con
t!tnu*». Parturage is scarce, but cattle are
h««lthy and in «rood condition. Plowing and I
seeding are prorre«iir^.
SOUTHERN CALIFORN1A.
Clear. warm weather prevailed during th» j
week, with fco along the coast. Conditions 1
¦m*r* favorable for fruit-drying and raisin- j
making. Raisins are drying slowly and evenly, j
».-•; larjr* uuB.r.riti"s are going to the pacitin?
hou»*»: ceveral' carlnsuta have been »hlpt>-d east
from San Diego. Tr-^lt-<Irylng Is r early com
pleted. CStru? frjslta are in excellent condi
tion and coloring rapidly; it t« exacted that
the orange crop will be nraeh above average In
quantity and quality. Walnut picking con
tlmj*«: the yteM is b»lcw - average, but th" 1
- quality ia recoiled tool. The honey yield ts i
¦ rrprm-i excellent. B*ar.« and sugar beets are
nearly all harvested.
LOS ANGELES SUMMARY.
Warm. <iry weather raaterlally alied prune
¦ and rat«ln curing, which are so far advanced !
as to be safe from damage by rain; orange- >
' »r» maturing rapidly. The walnut crop.
t*iocgh short. Is of better quality than for years, j
EUREKA SUMMARY.
De-se'fog along the coast a!l the week; clear 1
and warm In -the intericr. where rain Is badly
n^'ied Hardest is practically completed, ex- |
r*~t x»'x*toe: App>» are progresslr.r satlsfac- |
Lowrlasd. are in good condition f cr j
plowing. / m
The Weather and Crops.
EEEF— Prime Rcast. 1531Sc: Porterhouse
* :t ** k - lS€^2%c; Tenderloin Steak. 154?l!»c;
i-irloin Steak, 12%gl5c; Top Round Steak,
-~'-tc; Beef Stew, 10c; Corne-i B«ef, S#10c:
tcup Bocea, 4c: Scup Meat. S^lOc
-«:^ A^~ Lci " ?>-««. 15€20c ; Shoulder Roast.
-",**£^ : Chc^ m *»* Cutleu. 15Q2Cc; Stew.
•>- i »ei5c.
,'JSH5S^=£»: C15c: For^uarter. S3
,„ L^ MB— Leg. 2Oc; Forequarter. I2%g:5^:
llSTcS. :3»L ! ShOuWcr 1U6
"I^'RK— Kcast. 12%'glSc; Chcps. 15§lSc.
These prices do not cover the cheaper gT«<i»9,
• "• it is tapcssible to quote regular prices on
tfc^si.
Tt* ioJowisx retail prices for meats are
C-«ed by the Retail Butcher** Protective As-
Retail Meat Prices.
Recetpts of Beans for the first two days of
the week were 24,127 sks. and the market la
naturally weak under this burden. Prices
showed no further change yesterday. The de
mand continues rather slack, though seme sales
are being made for overland shipment.
There is no further change in Seeds.
BEANS — Baycs, $2 254J2 50: Pea. $1 25: But
ters, $3 25; small White, K Jj; Urge
White. $2 4C©2 7o; Pink. $2 2r«g2 40; Red,
$2 «Cfe3; Lima, $2 75©:?: Red Kidneys, $4 15®
4 25; Biackeye, $2 25©2 40 per ctl; Horse
Beans. $1 50© 2.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard. $3: Yellow Mus
tard. U 73<ff2 80; Flax. $1 7CK§:1 SO; Canary.
56'5Uc for Eastern; Alfalfa. 12@l,"Jc: Rape.
l%QZU<r. Timothy. 6#«%c: Hemp. 3Vt63%c
per Ib; Millet, . - 5'g3Vic: Broom Corn Seed. $2t>^
•SI per ten.
DRIED PEAS— Green, $1 S0<g2 per ctl.
Beans and Seeds.
CURED MEATS — Bacon. 12e per Ib for
heavy. 12%c for light medium. 14%c for light.
15c for extra light. ISc for sugar-cured and
19<- for extra sugar-cured; Eastern sugar
cured Hams, lSUc; California Hams. 14* 4 c;
Meas Beef, f 11 50 rer bbl: extra Mess.
$12-812 50; Family. $131213 &O: prime Mess
Pork, $10; extra clear. $25: Mesa. $2O; Dry
Salted Pork. 12%c; PU Pork. $23; Pigs* Feet.
$5 25: Smoked Beef. 15c rer Ib.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 7V*c per - Ib for
compound and 9@9*4c for. pure; half barrels,
pure. P%c; 10-lb Una, 9»i#10c; 5-Ib tins. 10%3
lOHc: 3-lb Uns. lOUeiOHc. "
COTTOLENE— One naif barrel. 9«ic; three
half barrels. 9Vic: one tierce, 9%c; two tierces.
9c: five tierces. 8 Tic per Ib.
There was no change In this market. Some
dealers reported a dull and others a moderately
active market. ¦
Chicago was about the same and reported a
dul! market, with plenty of Hogs In the
country . " ¦
Provisions.
Receipts of Bran and Shorts are running
heavier again, but the market for all these
goods Is firm, with a good demand. Hay
ranges the same, and is reported rather la
favor of- sellers than buyers.
BRAN— $21 50^23 per ton.
MIDDLINGS — $27©2S 50 per ton.
SHORTS — *21 50^23 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley. *24f?23 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. «2<5-g2« 5O; Job
bing. $27©27 50: Cc-ccanut Cake, *21®22: Corn
Meal. $30031: Cracked Corn. $30 50^31 50:
Mixed Feed. $22 5(X§23 50; Horse Beans, $300
40 oer tor. -v v m .? ¦•'.
HAT— Wheat, $13S1G, with sales of extra
choice at $16 3O; Wheat and Oat. $12 50®
15 50; Oat. $12 3<;<gt4 5O; Wild Oat. $11 50<y
12 50: Barley. $lCgl2,50; Stock, $3S10; Alfal
fa. $10611 50 per ton. 1
STRAW — iC<$65c per bale.
Hay and Feed stuffs.
MINERAL SEAL OIL— The Standard Oil
Company quotes lOtc in bulk. 21 %c la wooden
barrels and 25c in cases.
QUICKSILVER— «43 50-84* for lacal us* and
H2 50£43 50 per Cask for export.
SALT — The Amalgamated Salt Company
quotes as follows: Genuine Liverpool. IU-./K. :
Bales, common. $1 65: Dairy, per ton. (12 5«>.
Half Ground, $3 Tr.:l>) 23: Rock Salt. 1$ 50<9
9 73: imitation Liverpool. $12 50@13 23; Gran
ulated. 112 50<ei3 25 per ton.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refi&lns; Cotn
par.y quotes as follows^ per Ib. tn 100-It> bags:
Cubes. A> Crushed and Fine Crushed. 3.95c;
Powdered. 5.70c; Candy Granulated. 5.70c: Dry
Granulated, fine. 5,«Oc: Dry Granulated, coarse.
5.60c; Fruit Granulated. 5.rtOc; Beet Granu
lated <10O-lb bag only). 5.4Oc: Confectioners"
A. 5.60c: Magnolia A. 5.20c: Extra C. 3 10c:
Golden C. 5c: "D," 4.0Oc; barrels, 10c xaow.
half barrels. 23c more: box<»#, 50c more; 5«M!>
bags. 10c more for all kimis. Tab>ts — Half
barrels. 8.10c: boxes. 8.35c per It. N» ordera
taken for lesa than seventy-flve barrels or its
equivalent.
LUMBER— Pine, ordinary sixes. $l*ffl9: ex
tra sixes, higher: Redwood. $l»823c; Lath. 4
feet. $3 75; Pickets. $22^23; Shingles. $3 S3 for
No. 1 and Jl 73 for No. 2: Shakes. Jit for split
and |15 for sawn; Rustic. $40642.
RED AND WHITE LEAD^ — Red Lead. 6%9
7e uer Ib; Waite I^ead. «%S*c. according to
quantity.
berry. "8Sc nomi&al for good to> tup«rtor un
washed. 5<{?7%c for ash-damaged.
LEATHER — Sole, heavy. ZO&SCc; extra
heavy. 30«40c £»r Ib; medium. 27S23c: light.
24g2Se: Rough Leather." 2tiS2Sc; Harsna
Leather, heavy. 33<6S3c for Nc 1 and 3O<833c
for No. 2; medium. 3Oig37c; light. 23^f35c:
Skirting.- No. U i*ySi2c: Nc. 2. 3*833c; CoiUr
Leather. 13<2l8c cer foot; Trace Leather. 40<;
44c; Ki?. unfinished. 4d@50c per ib: Veal, fin
ished. 5o@6»c cer ib; Calf, finished. <S5c^$l per
Ib: Wax ilJn. l*617c per foot: Belt Knife
Splits. l*Bl*o; Rouzh SpUta. S^lOc per lo.
TANBARK — Ground. |20C2S per ton; stick.
Jli/jl? per cord.
OIL— Linseed. 49c for boiled and 47e far r«.w
In barrels; cases, 5c more: Ca?tor Oil. In cases.
No. 1. 70c: Bakers' AA. $1 ll*@l 12; Lucol. Ua
for boiled and 42c for raw In barrels; Lard
Oil. extra winter strained, barrels. 85c; cases.
9Oc; China. Nut. &3{;70c per gallon: pure
Neatsfoot. in bairrebi. 75c; cases. 80c; Sperm,
pure. 75c: Whal» Oil. natural white. 5>.>^55c
per gallon; Fish Oil. la barrels. 45c: cases.
SOc; Cocoanut Oil, In harre.'s, SSc for Ceyloa
ar.d ."o for Australian.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil in bulk.
15%c; Pearl Oil m cases. 22c; Astral. 22c; Star.
22c: Extra Star. 2>tc: Elatae. i"c; Eocene. Z3c:
deodorized Stove Gasoline, tr bu!k. 17c: la
cases. 23 %c; B«nzir.e. in bdX 13c; In cases.
19%c; 86-degree Gasoline, in bulk. 21c; In
cases. 27%c J '»
TURPENTIXB — 80c per gallon la cues and
74c In drunu and Iron, barrels.
.Vrtr York stock market steady xind devoid of excitement.
Local Stocks and' Bonds still inactive.
Sot much variation in Silver and Exchange.
Wheat and Barley quiet and steady.
Oats in fair demand. Corn neglected and Rye quiet.
Bran, Middlings and Hay firm, with quotations maintained.
Heavy receipts of Beans keep the market depressed.
tair demand for Millstuffs at previous prices.
Eggs declining rapidly. Butter and Cheese steady.
Dried Fruits quieter, zi-ith some kinds lower.
Honey quiet and zveak. Nuts steady. Raisins easv.
if revisions stul dragging at Western packing centers.
Ltvc cr.d dressed Hogs slightly lower. *
Beef, Veal and Mutton about as before quoted.
Wool dull, Hides easy and Hops steady.
Potatoes, Onions end Vegetables plentiful.
Poultry weak, with liberal supplies. Game selling well.
trcsh fruits still tn ample receipt, zinth fciv changes.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
The demand for Millstuffs is not as brisk as
it was a>cotjple of weeks ago. but a fair busi
ness is going on, nevertheless.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. S4 60®
4 85, usual terms: Bakers' Extras. $4 5G@4 60:
Oregon and Washington, (3 9O©4 20 per bbl
for Family and J3 90@4 40 for Bakers".
MILLSTUFFt: — Prices in packages are as
follows: Graham Flour, $3 23 per 100 lb«;
Rye Flour, ?3 25; Rye Meal. *3: Rice Flour.
*7; Corn Meal. $3 25: extra cream do, $4; Oat
Groats, *4 50; Hominy. *4©4 25; Buckwheat
Flour. $4 50@4 73; Cracked Wheat. J3 75: Fa
rina, J4 50; Whole Wheat Flcmr, $3 50: Rolled
Oats, bbls, $7 25@S 60; in sacks. *6 75©S 10;
Pearl Barley, J6; Split Peas, boxes, ?7; Green
Peas, |3 50 per 100 lbs. >-,o^
Flour and Millstuffs.
Texas & Pacific .. 7.700 24^i 23^4 2:5 hi, !
Tol, St L & W.... 600 17% 17Vi 17
Tol St L &. W pfd 200 27% 27% 25%
Union Pacific 56,700 73% 72% T2H
Union Pacific pfd. 600 85% 85 85
! Wabash 3.900 19^ 1ST* 1ST*
I Wabash pfd 15.600 33»4 32% 32*,
; Wheel & L. Erie.. 900 15*; 15 15%
; Wisconsin Ont ... l.OOO 37 lfi 1 * 16
Wisconsin Ont pfd 900 S6U 35% 35
Express Companies — ,
I Adams I 120
; American 10O 190 190 187
I United States 200 105 105 102%
[ Wells-Fargo 200
Miscellaneous —
Amal Copper .45.450 301* 37% 37%
Am Car & Foun.. 2,600 21% 20% 20%
Am. Car & F pfd.. 7C0 6S 67 67
Am Unseed Oil ... 2C0 10 9% 94
Am L Oil pfd 100 27 27 26
1 Am Locomotive fftO 14 13% 13}4
i Am Locomotive pfd 500 75 7i% 74%
; Am S and Ref 900 44% 43 43
' Am S & RefpM.. 3.400 88 S7U 87%
Am Sugar Reflng.. 3.S00 116% 115«4 115%
Ana Mining Co ... 600 65 fi3 62
Bklj-n Rapid Tran. 23,»X> 36 34% 34TJ
Colo Fuel & Iron. 1,000 3-1% 30% 32
Col & Hock Coal.. 300 10% 10 9%
Consolidated Gas . 2.300 177% 176 176
General Electric . . 550 151 % 151 150
Inter Paper 100 12 12 It
Inter Paper pfd ¦ 61%
Inter Pump ... 31%
Inter Pump pfd .. 100 70 70 70
Nattonal Biscuit .. OOO 30% 35LJ 35
National Lead 100 13% 13% 12-T4
North American .-. 73
Pacific Mall 400 22 21% 21%
People's Gas G.00O »5*i 94 941..
Pressed S Car 500 32'; 32 31U
Pressed S Car pfd. 300 72% 72. 71%
Pullman Pal Car.. ; 215
Republic Steel 200 8 8 7%
Republic Steel pfd. 800 55% 54 1; 55'
[Rubber Goods 700 14% 14% 14
: Rubber Goods pfd. 2W 70 70 67%
i Tenn Coal & Iron. 2.000 30% 29% 29%
I U S Leather l.SCO 7% 7»^ 7u
! U S Leather pfd... 3.1W) 7S% 77% 77
j U S Rubber g
! IT S Rubber pfd 3t
\ V S Steel 25..130 14% 13% 13%
i C S Steel pfd 57.450 «0% 50% S9%
Western Union $.10 S3 S2% 82*i
: Northfrn Securities 67%
Total sale* 721,5<X>
; UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK. Oct. 27.— Bond transactions of
! United Railroads of San Francisco: 10 COO
at $77.
NEW YORK BONDS.
I U S ref 2s re»...107%;L & N unif 4s..<-9S%
Eo ccup lG7%{Manbat con g is 10" %
Do 3s re» lCSVti Mexican Cen 4s.. 73
§Do coup 109 V^ I Do l»t inc . 14
Do new 4s reg.irJU-j'Minn 4 St L 4«. 97
Do coup 133%! Mo Kan & T 4s. 9S
Do o;d 4a r*g.Mll%j Do 2c!s 77%
Do coup 111%; Nat of Mex c 4s. 7(J
Do 5s i»k 101 1* iN T Cen ; a 3%s.lC0
Do coup '^02% 'N J Cen sen 50.131
Atchlson r*n 437100% j Northern Pac 4s. 102%
Do adjust 4s... 92 I Do ;J S 7l»«
Atlantic C L 4s. |Ot(|Norf * W core 4s. 96%
Bait & OMo 43..101Vi!or S L 4s 4 part. !>4%
Do .~%^ 0«%!Perin conv .*;%s.. 97%
Central of Ga 5s.lO7 JReadlng gerr 4s . 96%
Do 1st inc »W [St LAI M con 5e 111%
Ches &: Ohio 4%!«.101%iSt L & S F fg 4s. Slil
Chi & Alton .1%s. 74%|St L S W l>ts... 95
C B & Q new 4«. 94%,?eaboani A L 4* 67
C MiSt P fen 4e.HX) [Southern Pac 4s. S7%
C & N W con 7s. 131 Hi Southern Ry 5s.. 113%
C R I & P 4«... n%htxu i Pa^ tat3.117
Do col 5s 76 i Sol St L &. W 4g 72
CCCASt L sen 4?. 97 j Union Pacific 4s. 102%
Chi Terminal 4s.. 74 j Do ctmv 4s ... £«*,
Cen Tobacco 4s.. 55%;U.S Steel 2d 5s T°U,
Colo & Sout^ 4s. SC%! Wabash tsts ...'.llhi
Denver & R G 4s. 100 ! Do deb u" . . p.V
Etie prior lltn 4s. n* tW & L Eri-j is" S3
Do gen 4* Si%jWl9con Cen 4s... S9%
Ft W & D C lsts.ltW I Colo Fuel 71
_ Hocking Val 4'is.lC6%l
NEW YORK MINING STXK.'KS.
Adams Con 15 Little Chief 07
Alice 17 Ontario 4 50
Breec* 10 Ophir 135
Brunswick Cen .. 0*> Phoenix cs i
Comstock Tunnel.. C<» Potosi ;. m ,
Cen Ca! A Va . 1 0-5 Savage • • • • •
Horn Si:v«r 1 05 Sierra Nevada".!! 20]
Iron Stiver 1 70 Small Hojw»s 13,
Leadvtile Coti 02 Standard 3 10 :
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS. [
Money — 1 Do rfd 33Ui 1
Call loar.s 2%S'»%| Mining— ]
Time loans 5<Q*;' Adventure 4% I
Bonds — Lviiouez .jt, i
Atchison 4s aOvi'Amal Copper . 37?» •
M«r Central 4s... S5 iDaly West 37 j
F.ailroads — 1 Blr.jtham 2" T % '
Atchison €7 ICalumet & Hecla. i70 i
Do pfd.« 53% Centennial 17 1
Boston & A!bany.24» 1 i'Corp«r Range ... 24
Boston & Maine.247 ; Dem Coal 7->i,^ ,
Boston Elev 140 'Franklin 7
N Y. N H 4 H..194 ! I«I» Roj-ale 7
FUchburg pfj ..l.ys Mohawk 18V- 1
Union Pacific 72 'i Old Dom 1 1 %
Mex Central 9U Osceola 83fej
Miscellaneous — Parrct 10 "•
Amer Sugar 115»i Qulncy 00 I
Do pfd llSVijSanta Fe Copper. 2
Am<r Te! & Tcl..l24%;T»marack r»O
Dom Iron & S H\. Trinity r.V!
Gen Electric 143 jUnited SUtes 17%
Mass Electric ... IK Utah .. -?»u
Do pfd 73% Victoria 2*C
United Fruit y»i IWinona 7ii
United Copper — 1.1 14 1 Wolverine e6
U S Steel 13%!
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Cons for money.. RS%N Y Central 123%.
Cons for acct 88*4 1 Nor & West .... 50%
Anaconda 3%' Do pfd S3
AtchL«on CJ»i Ont & Western... 21^ '
Do pM 92% Pennsylvania 61%
Bal & Ohio 78 -Rand Mines »%
Can Pacific 12nTi:Reading 23%
Ches & Ohio 31%] Do 1st pfd 33 I
Chi Gt West 16 j Do 21 pfd .12 :
Chi. M & St P..144% So Railway l«". '
De Be«rs .20 I Do pfd 77% I
Den & R G 20%!So Pacific U\ }
Do r>fd 70 j Union Pacific ... 75 U, '¦
Erie 2> Do pfd 87 U i
Do l«t pfd fiiM V S Steel 1'tJ
Do 2d pfd 51 Do pfd 62
111 Centra! i:«5 Wabash 20 i
Louis & Nash... 103 Do pfd 33 vi >
Mo. Kans & T... 17%
Bar stiver — Steady. 27 13-16d per ounce.
Mcney — 2%'g.T per cent.
The rate of discount in the open market for
shcrt bills is 3463% p«?r cent and for three
months" bills 3 ll-l&g.i% percent. " ¦'--
Articles — Open. High- Low. • Close.
Wheat No. 2 —
December, new. 81^ 61% 80?', SOH
May &> *0 ~S\ 70&
Corn No. 2 —
October 43»i 43% .43% 43%
December 44 44 43T, 43%
May 43*, 43H 42S 42;,
Oats No- 3 —
October S^i S^Vi 33" s 2<iVt
December 36^ MVi 35!* 35"s
May 3«% SC^j, 36Vi 36%
Mess Pork, per bbl —
October 1135
January 1* 15 12 171i 11 «7% 12 00
May 12 25 12 27 »£ 12 10 12 12H
Lard, per 100 lbs—
May 0 72% 6 75 6 70 6 721*1
October «5 50 6 5;"4 6 50 «S C2U
December 6 57>4 « 57 V. « 55 fl S3
January 6 C2% 6 t'-JVi 6 62*4 C C3
Short Rlba, per 100 lbs — . .
January 6 35 6 35 6 27% rt 27%
May 6 42% 6 42% d 4O C 40
Cash quotations were- as follows: Flour,
steady; No. 3 spring wheat. SO^iSlc: No. 2
red. SlT4®934c; No. 2 corn, 45%©44c; Nc. 2
yeliow, 44%<2<.->c: No. 2 oat*. ;»>ic; No. 3
white, 3o% @a7V2c; No. 2 rye, 53c; good feeding
barley, 43c: fair to choice malting. 47\?3bc;
No. 1 flaxseed. »te: No. 1 Northwestern. 06 %c:
: prime timothy seed.- $2 79%;: mess .pork, per
bbl. $11 S5©11 4 °: laxd - P* r 10< > U«,-$« 02%«r
0 55; short ribs sides (loo*«>. J7fi7 50; short
clear eldes (boxed), $7 25^7 50; whisky, basU
cf hljh wines, $1 25; clover, contract jfrade,
$10 C3®10 75.
Articles — ITec3lpts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 2^.20O 19.200
'Wheat, bushels *3,40u 11O,(K>>
Corn, bushels 464.100 217, UOO
Oat*, bushels 43?..40i> 213.000
Rye. bushels 5,700
Barley. bu«hels 105,800 12.00")
On t'«e Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was rteady: creameries. I3%621c; dai
ries. 14©lSc: eres. firm at mark, caf-s In
cluded. 19&O20M>e; cheese, easy, 10%eilc
—
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — Dec.
Opening -•' C fi
Closing 6 6Vi
PARIS.
Wheat— Oct. Jan.-Apl.
Opening 21 10 20 SA
; Closing : 21 10 20 05
Flour—
Opening 31 93 2S 20
Closing SI 35 2S 35
with a very fair demand, both for seed and
feed. Receipt* were large yesterday, being
17.670 ctls.
White. $1 2O31 32%: Black.: $1 40®l 62«:
Red. SI 20©t 25 for feed and $1 25<gl 35 for
seed; Gray. $1 22H©1 27% per ctl.
CORN — The market continues neglected, wita
quotations somewhat nominal. Offerings con
sist chiefly of Western. Western, sacked, $1 30
61 32^ for Yellow. $1 30«l 32>* for Whit*
and $1 30 for mixed: California large Yellow.
$1 35© I 40: small round do, nominal; Whltt,
$1 33©1 40 rer ctl.
RTE-Is stUl quiet at $1 25®1 30 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— $2 25«2 6O per ctl-
the line, and the trade are makin? concessions
to - effect tales. Sosie descriptions of Fruits
and Honey are lower. Nats and Raisins show
no change. Xuts show more steadiness than
anything else.
FRUIT — Apricots, . TffSHe for Royals and
9-glOc for Moorcarks; Evsporated Apples. *V»
©3%c; sun-dried. 34-S-ic; Peaches. 4HS<5*ac;
Pears, 6S10c; Nectarines, 4fi3Hc; F1K3. white.
4@4*ic in boxes!; black. 4»4c. Plums, pitted.
e^Sc per Ib.
PRUNES— 1303 crop, 2HC3c for the four
sizes.
RAISINS — F. o. b. prices. Fresno, for 1903
crop: 3O-Ib. boxes — Loose Muscatel. 2-crown.
5fic per Ib: 3-crown, 5?ic: 4-crown. 6V3C: Seed
less Muscatels. 4«4c: do floated. 44c: un
bleached 'Sult&nas. 4^ic; Thompson's Seedless.
5Hc. London Layers-^-2-crown. $1 23: 3-crown.
$1 33: 4-crown clusters. |2; 5-crown Dehesas.
«2 50: ft-crown Imperials, S3; Malaga Loose. 2
crown. 5c i>er Ib; do 3-crowxu 5*»c; Valencia
Cured. 4 s ie: Pacific do, S»ic; Oriental do. 2**c.
Seeded Raisins — lft-oz. packages, fancy. 8c per
Ib: cholcr. "Tic: 12-cx. packages, fancy. 6%»c:
cholee; 6?<,c: in bulk, fancy, 7%c; choice. "He
NUTS— Walnuts, No. 1 softsbelL IJVjc; No.
2. UVtc; No. 1 hardshell. 13c: No. 2. He;
Almonds, lie for Nonpareils. lOHc for I X L.
1054c for Ne Plus Ultras and S*ie for Langu?
doc; Peanuts. eg 7 c for Eastern: Pecans. 11 1>
13c; Cocoanuts. 24 50*35; California Chestnuts.
lOglSc per Ib.
HONEY — Comb, new, 12®14e for white and
&t?llc for amber: new water white extracted.
5V,t?*3c; li«ht amber extracted, 4H«5Hc; <** rIt .
4«4Uc.
BEESWAX—2TjJ29c. .
THE SAIs FEAJS CISCO CALL., WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 2S, 1903.
clined to *heavtness,""with prices showing- slight
losses due to weakness in the he? market and
the decline In trains. January pork closed
T^-jc lower at $12: January lard vu off 2%c
at $6 C5. while ribs were down 8c et IS 27H-
The leading futures ranged as follows:
STOCK MARKET.
Dried Frit it and Nuts in Nezv York
There is a marked quieting f iowa all along
Continued on Page Tnlrt««. -
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
11
AUCTION SALES
L. H. BURD
¦win s«n
TOMORROW, Thursday, Oct. 29,
11 a. m. tt warehouse,
ISIS MARKET ST.
2 CARS EASTERN FURNITURE.
- • L. H. BURP. Auctioneer.
ia& ¦ fe ,fe
AUCTIOK SALE at ARCADE HORSE MAR-
KET. 327 Sixth St.. Wednesday. Oct. SS. 41 11
a. tn. By order of Johnson Bros, of Marysvllla
I will sell 23 good young horses, all sound and
gentle: also harness, etc. JOHN J. DOTLE.
auctioneer.THE SAN FE AN CISCO CALL; WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 28, 1903.
12
HELP WANTED— MALE — Continued.
A— MURRAY & R E A D Y. 634 638 Cla y st
Phone Main 5848.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.. v
1902 We Gave 1003 We'll Give
- 45,000 Men Work. 60,000 Men Work.
ARIZONA
OREGON. * * NEVADA.
Southern Pacific and Santa Fe systems; free
pass ; .
On Every Train.
Section hands, muckers, drillers, extra gangs,
. teamsters, hammersmen.
MINES. TUNNELS, QUARRIES.
Miners all over State, $00 and $S2 50>
Stables. Farms, Orchard, Dairies.
Farm and orchard hands. $30, $35. $40 fd.;
milkers. $30 to $50 found.
Stablemen, city, country jobs. $30 to $60.
SAWMILLS— WOODS.
Laborers, no experience wanted, $40 to $70 fd.
305 woodchoppers. j
2S7 tlemakers.
All classes of experienced men for woods,
mills, etc., from $50, $00 $70, $80, $90, $100.
$125 to $l.->0 month.
COOKS. WAITERS. PORTERS.
Cooks, hotels, restaurants, camps, mines and
ranches, city and country. $30 to $70 found.
"Waiters, city and country, $25 to $45 found.
Butchers, different johs. $40 to $W> found.
LOCATED EVERYWHERE.
Laborers and teamsters, city and country,
many in San Francisco. $2 25.
• 6 slack cooDera. 9c; 5 cabinetmakers.
Painter and paper hanger, $3 50 day.
STEWARD, $75 AND COMMISSION,
for first-class grill restaurant.
Cook and wife, country hotel, fare paid, $75.
Pruner, orchard, fare $1, $32 50 found.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
DIAMOND S75 «-horse teamsters.
MATCH $75 You'll suit.
COMPANY S75 Go to-day.
COST YOU $1 THATS ALL.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st
ALL FREE FARE.
BIG. GOOD SAWMILL COMPANY.
Donkey boss, $100.
26 laborers, you'll suit, $35 to $85 found.
26 woodsmen, $50 to $90 found.
MURRAY & READY. e34 and 638 Clay st
CARPENTERS.
16 carpenters, flume work, $75.
6 carpenters, lumber company, $3 day found.
Rip sawyer, city, 2 day.
6 carpenters, fare 70c; $90.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay at.
OREGON. COAL MINERS. FREE
COAL MINERS. OREGON. FARE.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
SPECIAL. '
5 teamsters, ranch, fare $2 SO, $30 and fd.
Wacksmith, lumber company, $50 and found.
Milk wagon driver, fare 25c, $35 and found.
Sand teamster, city, 2 horses, $2 50 a day.
2 carmen, mine, $4 fare. $C0.
Man help on furniture wagon, $2 day.
Clieesemuker,* south, $40 and found.
Teamster, light city wagon, $12 week.
Boy, deliver bread, $15 and found; 2 men,
city mill, $».
MURRAY & READY, 6.14-C36 Clay st.
AT S. F. EMP. BUREAU. 17 Fourth st.
Laborers and rockmen, city/ $2 to $2 50 day.
Reno, all points Nevada, free fare.
2 2-horse teamsters, woods work, $r>0 and fd.
2 rough carpenters, lumber company, $2 fd.
Lumber pilors. 51 50 and <A. ; swampers, etc.
Boiler makers' helpers, near city. $2 15 day.
Man and wife, orchard, near city.
Call and see us. Lots of work.
, S. F. EMP. BUREAU/ — | Phone Grant 26.
AT "E. 4 B." R. R. Labor Agency,
» 638 Commercial st
Free Fare — Free Fare.
60 tunnel men, $2 50 to $3 day.
CO muckers and drillers, $2 to $2 50 a day.
100 laborers, $2 a day.
Long Job: eisht months' work.
Free fare — Ryndon, Nevada.
•'E. & B." R. R. LABOR AGENCY,
633 Commercial et
WANTED — For U. S. army, able-bodied, un-
married men. between ages of 21 and 35. citi-
zens of United States of good character and
temperate habits, who can speak, read and
write English. For information apply to Re-
cruiting Officer, RIalto building. New Mont-
gomery st., San F-anclsco, or Masonic build-
ing, Sacramento, Cal.
MEN who collected newspaper election returns
last year call at room 9. basement. Regis-
' trar's office. City Hall, between 9 and 2
o'clock to-day (Wednesday.)
WANTED — Man for delicatessen counter in fine
grocery store; must be a good carver; state
experience and salary expected. Address box
770 Call office.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 CO per pair, foot-form shoes at $2 50. or
orthopedic shoes, $3 50;best shoes on earth. 11
Third St.. Exam. bldg.. A doors from Market
YOUNG man who knows the city to earn hla
education in a business college. California
I^'S-'pfss College. •
WANTED — First-class men to solicit on salary
for a food product. Apply at 7C9 Ellis 3t,
before 10 a. m.
! WANTED — Practical farmer and wife without
children for Napa County; good home. 405
I Montgomery st.. room 24.
WANTED — A young man to work on a chicken
ranch and drive a wagon. Apply Tlvoll Cafe,
16 Eddy st.
WANTED — Strong boy to work around factory;
$1 day. . L. BIANCHINI. C36 Market st,
upstairs.
WANTED — Active boy about J4 for light work
in electrical factory. Box 765, Call office.
WAITER — Steady man; union house'. BREUSS'
Bakery. 617 Montgomery st.
BOY about 15 years of age for men's furnish-
ing store; references. Address box 755, Call.
STEADY German; refs. ; tpnd bar, make him-
salf useful; wine house. 15 City Hall square.
BARBER evenings. Saturday and Sunday;
6tf-ady; state wages. Box 754, Call office.
WANTED — A bootblack in barber shop. 200
Larkln st. **• '
BARBER shop for sale. 8 City Hall square.
BARBER shop for sale; good location; transient
trade, t'60 Folsom st, near Third.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 pair; foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay
express or mail chrjrs. 11 3d st. Exam. bid.
WANTED— For U. 8. Marine Corps, able-
bodied unmarried men. between 21 and 30;
good character; must speak, read and write
English; marines serve at sea on men-of-
w:r in all parts of the world, on land In cur
island possessions, and at naval stations in
the United States. Apply at recruiting of-
fice. 40 Ellis st. San Francisco. Cal., and
401 K st. Sacramento, Cal.
A GOOD position is offered to a reliable man
who has a large acquaintance among prop-
erty owners; if a good solicitor, he can build
up a good paying business with a responsible
Eastern company. Address %. O. box 2094.
MEN to learn barber trade; only 8 weeks re-
quired: special offer this month; catalogue
and full information mailed free. MOLER
SYSTEM COLLEGE. 635 Clay st. j
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, has
-added 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third st; 250 rooms; 25c to 60c per night.
PENSION ATTY. M. HARRIS. 40 Ellis st. K . 14
j years' practice; refererces from thousands of
persons for whom I have secured pensions.
FIRST-CLASS paying barber shop for sale.
Call at 132 Pacific st. -
A FIRST-CLASS blacksmith: also good fire-
escape maker. 3C0 Second st. VJ
COATMAKER- for country. Apply REISS
BROS. & CO., 24 Sutter St.
TINSMITHS wanted; steady work; good wages.
17 Drumm st.
PAYING barber shop; transient point; rent $7;
chtap for cash. Call S2S Bryant st.
MEN to learn the barber trade-; first-class In-
structions guaranteed. 611 Commercial st.
BARBER 'trade taught in 6 weeks. Address
W. C. B., 647 Commercial st. -
MEN to learn barber trade; catalogue mailed.
a P. Barber School. 741 A Howard st
McDONALD & PERRY have a large stock of
new and second-hand shoes; cheap. 239 3d st
PENSION atty.' E. A. Bullis. room 40, Pbelan
bldg. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post G.A.R.
SAILORS and ordinary eeamen for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st ,
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms. 33c night; reading rooms;
free- 'bus ' and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. S63 mission st. bet. let and 2d it*.
GET your shoes half soled while waiting; 25o
to r.0c. fiat Mission st. bet: 1st and 2d ats.
HORSES AND WAGONS. ~~
FOR pale — One mule, about 900 lbs; works .sin-
gle and double; good pack animal. At ROB-
ERTS',.1615 Market et '.. ¦¦ .
BIG auction sale every. Tuesday of horses,
wagons, buggies, carts and harnese.'ll a. m.,
at 1140 Folsom st. '.' '
HARNESS and saddles, the best for the money,
at JEPSEN BROS. CO., inc., the big store.
1145-1147 Market st. San Francisco.
HORSE ,$25; road cart. $15; Mexican saddle"
': $7 CO; laundry wagon. $30. 79 City Hall ave.
¦FOR sale — Fine carriage team; will sell single
: or both. Phone Fell 7516. ~.:, .
MUST be sold at a sacrifice; 5 good horses. 321
Sixth st.
Al EXPRESS wagon, light- camplnr wagon
and gorart for sale cheap. 532 Mission ' st. .
Largest ; assortmt 2-hand * wagons. buckb'd.' sur-
rer,narne36,work.driving horses. 15th- Valencia
MUSICAL I.\STKUJIENTS — Coa.
A LIST of bargains that can't be beat any-
where Uprights: Alexander Allen. %.Z>. cnl.
r-r"^37r SWr. *47; New Yorh & Co ..
$137: American, mahg.. $137: Kimhall. Wi ,i-
nut $147: Mansfield. Notnt. ltulian wal .
*1j7- '• Em?r*ons, ebony anil l.url walnut,
tUO'sad $100 Etet»aa, wainut tase, $lr,0: i
Chiclierings. small size, ruse wood case, *m;, :
'••' Stelnways. small and Icrge uj.risht. il»3
and $2!H>; Singer, small sixt. a.JK.uly u.-c..
S'li- Hay"c.-, new, damage to case in tran-
sit 'fl'JiK Heine, small size, less than lt>
years t-ld put in thorough repair. *l;..-.;
Heine. large style, slightly u.s».1. y:s,.
Squares: Blumfield Otis. $1^: webtr. y -V
Stodilard. $'.5: ttfdman. $<»• Kent3 $J up.
apoly on purchase: installment*. *t uv.
HKINE PIANO CO.. •^•^-Si7 (Vary at : tin*.
lanfl brnnch. 13th and Broadway. olJ P. O.
bld«. I-arzest exclusive wholesale ami retail
piano dealers cf tb«* Went.
A FINE lot of s»conJ-han<l uprights from CO
up. including such m«';es as Chizk-rir.?.
Vose. Kro.-ger. Curtax. Klrkham. P^rn-.
Hardman. Marshall & W»nt>II. \l*i» >»U
others. KE>.'J. CURTAZ & SON. Irt Of Far-
rell st. No branches in San Francisco.
BAND iastruments; F. Besson. Par:s. maker;
Gui JIalwald. A«t Pac. Coast. 27-» O'Farreil;
skillful repairing: ?d-hand Instruments »v.3.
BEAUTIFUL H-pedal St»inway uciisht piano;
perfect order; sacrifice. Ke<?ffe's.2S" O'Farr-*!:.
A RARE chance: a Hormmjr Bros." upright:
little used; must be soid. 216 McAllister st.
RARE chance: cash or payments; elegant hljra
grade upright. 10 McAllister sr. ' .
UnredeenT"t storac? plnnos and furniture J:rt
cheap. Whitohead's Storage. 1C1K Market st.
fOUMI'll. Byron Mauzy piano*. Chilian plan*
Flayer. BYRON MAUZV. 3CS-312 Post tt.
SUPERIOR violins, zither?, old and new. H.
MULLER. meker. repairer. 2 I-Atham place.
OFFICE!) AMD STORKS TO LET.
FOR rent — Large office (over 10OO square feet)
in prominent building on Market st. ; modern
in every particular: will sacrifice \o rent at
cr.ee. . Room 1024 Hayward building.
EDDY*. 428 — To let or for sale, bargain, lower
flat, newly furnished, doctor's office and res.
STORE with large basement; below Kearn?
St.: rent SSO. ArPlv <C5fl Clay st. room 1.
PArEKHASGISG. PAI.NTING. ETC.
ROOMS papered. $U 60 up; »inting. palntinr.
Hartman Paint Co.. 319 3d tt.; tel. Main -CU.
PIA.\OS AXD ORGASS.
PART of our list of bargains in second-hand
pianos for October. 1003:
Original
Price. Now.
1 MAJESTIC—
Walnut case, medium size. . 1-3 -
octaves, three pedala, full swinging
music rack, latest design, good con-
dition *350 $21
3 EMERSONS—
Two in walnut cases and one in
cak, small size, carved panels,
three peUalj, 7 1-3 octaves, fine
condition, each ". 373 223
1 FISCHER—
Mahogany case. large size, 7 1-3
octaves, fine condition, thoroughly
renovated, cannot bo told from a
new piano 373 223
1 RICHMOND—
Mahogany case, large size, latest
style, three pedals, 7 1-3 octaves,
mandolin attachment, almost new. SCO 240
1 C. A. STONE & CO.—
Walnut case, medium size, full
swinging music rack, thoroughly
renovated and equal to . new 350 250
1 ESTEY—
Walnut case, medium size, 7 1-3
octaves, in good condition 400 250
1 BRUENN—
Walnut case, cabinet grand. 7 1-3
octaves, thoroughly renovated and
equal to new 450 2W»
Complete list furnished on application at
our store. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Corner K»arny and Sntter sty.
PCItSOXALS.
ATTENTION. LADIES —
To see is to believe; go and see th;» exhibi-
tion at the Union Drug Store, cor. O'Farrell
and Stockton sts.; a living model with th«
wrinkles and bagginess removed from HH
side of the face a year ago by M. ELLA
HARRIS of 781 O'Farrell »t.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
prove* its growth. stops falling, cures dandruff
and Itching scalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp ;at druggists', hairdressers': ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co.. 133S Pelk.
NOTICE — I hereby give notice, that I am rv>t
responsible for bills contracted by my wife,
EMMA ROSS, cf 2130 Howard st., after thi«
date, October 26, 1003. ANGUS ROSS.
THERE are other cereal coffees, but If you
want the best ask your grocer for Cof-farin:
absolutely pure, palatable and nourishing.
THE COF-FARIN CO.. 134 Valencia st.
NOTICE Is hereby given that the cleaning and
dyeing establishment known as '"The Suc-
cess." 2440 Sacramento st. has changed
hands ar.d is now owned by F. A. HALL.
ELEGANT suits on easy Installments : 50 c«nt»
and up per week. LEOI* LEMOS. 11:17
Market st. bet. Seventh and Eighth.
NOT how cheap but how good Is the motto of
the manufacturers of the Rapid Rotary
Standard, the sewing-machine of to-day. J.
W. EVAN3. agent. 1021 Market st
PHYSICIAN. 15 years' experience, cures per-
manently morphine, cocaine habit. Call or
address Central Pharmacy. 231 Grant ave..
corner Sutter st: fee moderate.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday, Sun-
day evgs., Teutonia Hall, Howard st. nr.
Oth; Prof. Foster: society dancing taught
LIQUOR habit cured. We guarantee to cur*
the liquor habit in 2 days or no .charges.
Acme Liquor Cure Co.. 097 Market, r. 202.
DRUNKENNESS, morphine and all drug dis-
eases positively cured by Willow Bark Co..
1839 Polk st; consultation free ;call or write.
REMOVAL.— Dr. W. C. STRATTON has re-
moved his office from 2255 Mlsoion st. to
rooms 573 and 574. Parrott bldg (Emporium).
AT less than cost, uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. Londoa
tailor. 721 Market st
ANDERSON — Elegant theatrical and masquer-
ade costumes rented. 20 O'Farrell st.
BUITS to order on' Installment*. $ 1 per week.
Neuhaus & Co.. merch. tailors. 727-720 Market.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elec-
tric needle. Dr. it Mrs.Traver3e.1170 Market.
THE best place to buy good umbrellas or
have them covered or repaired Is 120 Stockton
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 SO; dress pants $2 30.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
MASQUERADE: costumes, play books, wigs,
country ordere. GOLDSTEIN A CO.. 733 M^t.
ALFREOUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Its natural color; $1; at all druggists*.
Superfluous hair andj moles removed with etee*
trie needle. Mrs, fc Miss Eaton. 1119 Sntter.
PAXi-'UISTRY.
MME. DEVAS — Scientific palmist and aatrolo-
gist. Palm readings $1; 3 QUESTIONS AN-
SWERED FREE. Tuesday eve. 130 Post at.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist 313
Taylor tit., near Geary. Phone Black ZS1.
PHYSICIANS AXD 91RUCO53.
DR. C. C. ffDONSEIX — Office and residence.
1021% Market st. bet. 6th and 7th: particu-
lar attention oald to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL, 1073^ Market .«t
REMOVED — DR. WONO HIM. herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four rears at 113-117 Mason: now lo-
cated at 667 Geary rt.. near Leavenwsrth.
DR. TONO PO CHY. successor to Dr. LI P»
Tai, herb doctor, cures ail diseases of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor — Al! dis-
eases cured by Chine«» herbs. 7-MWA Clay *:.
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
A— EMPORIUM Storage ft Van Co. ; furnitur*.
household goods stored, moved, shipped. TJ5-
731 Howard st. near Third; phor.e Grant 1*>1.
PIERCE-RODOLPU Storage & Moving Co.. r.(-
flce Post and Powell sts.; tel. l'riv. Ex. 571.
CONKLIN'S Storage—^Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave.; phor.e Eas: US.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made; S4J
Mlsalun st: tel. Howard 041. F. W. ZeMui*.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Movln- Com-
pany. 2a2t> Fillmore «t. : phone Jackson
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgom«>y
it: tel. Main 1S4O. Shipping at cut rates.
'SCIENTIFIC OPTICIANS.
DURING the G. A. R. encampment Dr. Clls?.
1023 Market st. bet 6th-7t!S fitted glasses to
Gtn. Miles: you want the best as well a» he.
SEWIXG MACHINES AND 9UFTUE4
NEW HOME ?ewins machine; this week onlv;
$10. $1.1. $20; slightly used; needles '.*0c «oz.
NEW HOME S. M. CO.. 1CT.1 Market »t.
SPECIALISTS.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES In EARS
positively cured; new method: 1 week's trsat-
' ment free. Dr. Cottlngham. 204 Sutter st
TO LEASE.
A LAROE lighted basement to let. Apply TTX
Howard st. cr 201 Fourth. /
' HELP": WANTED— FEMALE.
WANTED— Cook sanitarium. $30; 3 cooks.
$35; parlor maid, Oakland, $35: 2 parlor
maids, city, $25; 4 second girls, $20, $25;
nurseeirl, $25; maid - and seamstress, $2o;
maid, lady In- hotel, $25, sleep home;
kitchen helper, $25, In home; 3 waitresses
for country hotels $25; chambermaid, wait
one meal, $25;. man and wife for hotel,
chambermaid and waiter. $50. country, fare
paid; woman to do 2 weeks' cleaning. $1 50
day; and 44 girls as eooks and houseglrls at
$20, $25, $30. Apply to J. F. CROSETT &
CO.. 834 Sutter at
A LADY'S maid, $30. must sleep home: cham-
bermaid, J25; nurse. $25; second girl, $30;
cook. $40; housegirl, $30; waitress, $25;
kitchen helper. $20, Institution; housegirl,
$35, country. . MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter.
A — Girls to learn millinery now for fall season;
both seasons taught from start to finish In 1
month for $10: positions as trimmers, sales-
ladles, etc.. guaranteed at $10 per week up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton st. r. 13.
A— WANTED— Girls to Team halrdresslng,
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to Z
in 2 weeks; $5 to those entering now; 3 po-
Eltions to fill immediately; positions guaran-
teed at $10 per week up; leading school In
West. 233 Geary st. room 13.
A— LADIES to learn all branches hairdresslng
trade; manicuring, massage, etc., 1236 Mar-
ket st. cor. Jones, room 04; positions secuied
at highest wages; day and eve. class; coll.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-
ETERS; NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY:
PAID SALARY. LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'S
FACTORIES, 32Vj FREMONT ST. AND 1873
MISSION. NEAR FIFTEENTH. * •
WANTED — Girl for office work; ono living in
neighborhood of Tenth and Howard sts. pre-
ferred. Box 764, Call.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on ladles' cloaks and
cults at KRAGEN. BAMBERGER & CO.'S,
463 Mission st, fourtn floor.
YOUNG girl for light cooking and a little
washing; small family: wages $25; call be-
tween 0 and 2. 1705 Broderick st.
BODICE, skirt and sleeve hands. Apply
dressmaking department RAPHAEL WEILL
& CO.. Post and Kearny sts^
GIRL to assist and care of Aid; 3 In family;
$15. -Call 1351 Grove st.Tbet. 9 and 11,
Wednesday morning.
WANTED — A middle-aged woman to act as
comoanioori and nurse to invalid lady in
country, near city. 1327 Ellis st, bet. 10-12.
GIRL to do light housework and assist In tak-
• ing care of 2 children; carfare paid. 26S
Carl st, near Stanyan. *
YOUNG lady to work on Dicture frames and
tend store: $3 to start. L. E. STRELL. 027
Howard st.
FIRST-CLASS finisher on coats; wsges $10 up
ROSENBLUM & ABRAHAM. 1103 Market.
A GOOD sewer for corset making; also experi-
enced hand. 503 Powell st.
FINISHER on pants: also apprentice. 410
Kearny st.. room 32.
SEAMSTRESSES wanted. GOLDSTEIN &
CO., 733 Market st.
GIRL to assist light housev/ork; three family;
wages $20. 2125 San Jose ave., Alameda.
YOUNG girl or woman wanted * to assist in
housework. 1710W Sacramento st.
GIRL for housework and assist cooking. 249
Fourth st.
WAITRESS wanted; $9 a week. 631 Clay st.
YOUNG German «lrl for housework, small
family; no washing, no window -cleaning;
good home; $15. 1530 Grove st.
CIGARETTE makers wanted; learners taken;
6teady work; good wages. The John Bollman
Co., corner Front and Pacific sts.
GIRLS about 15 for factory work; gtod wages v
Apply at once, AMES & HARRIS. 100 Sac-
ramento st.
FINISHERS, also good sewers, on ladles' tail-
oring; good pay; steady. BLUCK, 13S3 Geary.
COAT and sleeve hands; also operator and
stock girl. 110 Geary st. .
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply at
Chutes 6 p. m. Wednesday; salary no object.
FIRST-CLASS stenographers furnished. Miss
M. G. Barrett, instructor. 302 Montgomery.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1090
Valencia st. .' .
HELP " WANTED MALE.
A— PACTFKTE^IPLoTMlE??irAGENCY^ ~
520 Sacramento st — 520. »
Corner Leldestlorff st Phone Main 1191
GOVERNMENT IRRIGATION DITCH.
NEAR RENO NEVADA
15 tnnnelmen: ehlp to-day; $75.
U. S. SENATOR CLARK'S NEW R. R.
SALT LAKE CITY UTAH
100 laborers. $2 a day.
NEVADA— S. P. R. R. Co. WORK— Nevada
FREE FARE FREE FARE
50 laborers. $2; board $4 B0 week.
BUTTE CO. — CHICO— SHIP TO-NIGHT.
HALF FARE FEE *1
50 teamsters, laborers, rockmen and tunnel-
men, $07 50 to $S2 50 FEE SI
Farmer and wife, ranch, see boss here; man
who can make little butter, etc.; $50 found.
Carpenter, city.
3 tunnelmen. north, half fare. $60 found.
MISCELLANEOUS.
6 miners, 8 hours, $90; 5 laborers, large mine,
south, part fare paid. $42 found; 10 farmers,
all over, ?25 to $.10 found; 8 laborers, private
railroad, $2; S lumber pilors. Truckee dis-
trict, $2 50' day. no blankets required; 2C0
men for mills, woods and yards: full crew
for new box factory: boy. help cook, camp,
$20 found: waiters and dishwashers, etc. Men,
call and read our bulletin boards; also get,,a
free list of Jobs at
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
520 Sacramento st.
•COAL MINERS— OREGON— FREE FARE.
20 coal miners. ?1 ton.... OREGON
AT THE CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
69 Third St.. nr. Call- bids. : phone Bush 405.
FREE FARE.
NEVADA NEVADA.
ItENO GOLCONDA, RYNDOX.
100 laborers. $2 a day: S. P. R. R. Co.'s own
work; board $4 50 week.
4 men for rock quarry. *2 25 a day.
CHICO.. BUTTE CO.
Half Rate Fare, $2 80.
12 team&ters. $2 50 a day.
10 laborers, $2 25 a day. ,
15 teamsters, $75 a month.
Ship to-day; fee $1.
CAL. EMP. AGENCY. 09 Third st.
WAITER and wife, country. $50 and found:
. broiler," $75; fry cook. $70; oyster man, $40:
baker's helper. »20; silver man, SSO: waiters.
. dishwashers and others. J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 628 Sacramento st. .' • ¦
ALL. round laundry man, $45 and board; mar.
about institution. $25 and found; fruit fanner
and- wife. $45 and found: married man to
care for place. $35; woodchopper, $1 50 cord;
farmers. $25: laborers. $2 a day. and others.
" J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento St.
.WANTED— First-class dry goods men, compe-
tent to manage large dry goods store; Used
salary and percentage on sales: position
worth from $150 to $200 a month; applicants
must have good references as to character,
• sobriety and ability, and show previous suc-
cess. Address, with -full particulars. "Dry
Goods." care of BEN J. SCHMIDT, 125 San-
eonie st. • ".'-.-
WHY pay big prices to have your shoes half-
eQl»d when you can get It done for, 25c, 60c
and 60c. while you wait at 5R3 Mission st,
bet: l»t and 2d st».. or .11 Third, st?
WANTED — Trustworthy .man for ' light I work:
steady place; good wages: must put up $150
• cash. . Inquire 55 Third St.; room 1.
WANTED— A' good block butcher. A^ply 3313
I ' Mission st. ' •,
ERRAND-BOY wanted. 502 Post st. '
TAILOR—Sleadv'work at 423 Ninth st. Oak-
¦ lind - ... V • - ¦ - ¦.-¦•,-•. ¦•¦:
: HOUSES. TO LET..
A — PRINTED list of houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H.,UMBSEX & CO.. 14 Montgorr.»ry
A— HOUSES »nd flats to let; an Immense list;
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department: it will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 215-25U Geary
St., on the square.
JACKSON. 2931, near Broderick— 5 rooiws.bath;
large garden frpnt and rear; rent $27 50.
BEFORE moving get oar printed Bat of houses
to let. BALDWIN fc HOWELL. 25 Post st:
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
1C pages, in wrapper, fcr mailing. >1 per year.
I LOST AXD FOUXD-
I LOST— A pass-book with the Hibernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco in the
name of SAMUEL MEISTER. No. 172-1)30.
The finder will please return tq bank.
LOST— Child's cold chain, slide and locket:
monogram D. N.; reward: prized account
gift from deceased unc!?. JSOS Dupont^st gj
LOST— Gold fraternity pin; letters A. E. Re-
turn to 2S14 Pierce St.; reward.
LOST— Two plumes, black and white, either on
Hayes or Market st. Call 413 Hayes st.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the California
Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter st. needs old
gold and silver to make- new watch ca*e?.
MEDICAL.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
In trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints: positively corrected; the unfor-
tunate helped: the most difficult cases treat-
ed; advice free. Office. 1018 Market st
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints; Instant relief guaranteed; 30
jj ytars' experience; removed to 826 Post at. 1
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and irregularities; Instant re~
lief guaranteed. 1008^ Market st. opp. 8th,
MRS. D. ALLEN, 1118 Market — Reliable ladles-
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fee*.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDo6~*HERBS;
original method of treatment. 1126 Market. ta.
DR. ROSEN resides 2005 Folsom at., cor. 26th;
ladles, relief or no fe«> $10.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 310 Powell at. opposite
TTnion square; nil dlseaseg cured by herbs.
SIILLIXERY.
LADIES— 200 stylish hats to select from; lease
sold, must vacate February 1. 1904: save
money by calling on MME. DOSCH. 207 Post.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOIl SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 105-197 Fremont st
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK? '
Repair It with claterite ; In rolls easy to lay:
needs no painting or coating; good over old
Iron, tin or shingles- best for new roofs.
EXAT^RITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
2D-HAND machinery, boilers, engines, pumpa.
pulleys, shafting, etc.. etc, bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE M'CH'Y CO.. 130-132 Beala st.
SS-FOOT launch for sale; 28 h. p.; sound, fast
and fully equipped for bay, river work or
hunting; a bargain. \V. H. WILLIAMSON.
2121 San Jose ave., Alameda.
A — Fine suits. $7 SO; dress pants. $2 50. Origi-
nal Misfit Clothing Parlors, 23S Kearny st.
near Bush; open to 9 p. m. Sunday to room.
A— $3 30 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 73. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny St.. near
Pine: open till 0 p. m. Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, eells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers water pipe, shafting pulleys.
etc WHITELAW. 233-2&J Spear st
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 30 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d st.. Exam, bid.; catalog, free.
A VERY fine diamond over 3 karats for $333
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
3, 6 AND 10 hp. gasoline engines; 2d-hand; all
sizes, new. E. B. BECK & CO.. 122 Market
NEW and second hand machinery of all klads.
KROGH MNFG CO.. B10 Market st
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HE31-
MANN SAFK CO.. 417-423 Sacramento at
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard & Breck. 131 Post st
MILES of pipe and fittings; all size*. ETC-
GENE RILEY & SONS. 100 Vallejo st.
MOVING picture film and song slides. 103
Montgomery et.
SAFES — New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
b CO.. 122 Market st
All bargains ;camp stools and chairs ;hammocka.
metal beds.mattrewie9.J.F.Hotter,712 Mission.
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, moving
picture machines, films. Badgalapl. 933 Mkt
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st
ASK 'vr prices on second-hand typewriters; all"
makOi. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg-y-
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
A FOOT-POWER screw cutting lathe wanted.
W. I.. P. O. box 2eS2.
I PAY highest prices for all kinds of cast-off
clothing; send postal. MORRIS. 870 Folsom.
BOOKS and libraries bought H. C. HQIiME3.
1149 Market «t: phone Jessie 3741. or postal.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing tn^
theatrical goods. 154 Oth st ; tel. Jessie 2331.
A BIG price paid for sealskins; send postal.
23 Stockton St.: rhene Bush 4S4.
MONEY TO LOA*.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY.
601-602-603 Examiner buildlag.
Quick settlements; no disappointment.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property In trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided In-
terests In property purchased.
Courteous treatment Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
INTEREST REDUCED TO 5 PER CENT.
DEAL DIRECT: SAVE EXPENSES.
I will loan on 1st. 2d and 3d mortgages. SAN
FRANCISCO. OAKLAND. TOWN. COUN-
TRY PROPERTY and REAL ESTATE In
probate; rend full particulars of property; no
answer otherwise. Box 2493. Call office.
ADVANCES on furniture and pianos without
removal: to permanent salaried people on
their note without security or knowledge of
employer; lowest rates; no commission. Na-
tional Credit Co. 6S and 68 Donohoa build-
lng. 1170 Market at.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on dlamond3, jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 849
Market st; tel. Main 1C44. Branch, 19 Third.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters; boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments; largest business In
46 principal cities. Tolman. M3 Parrott bldg.
THE Open Credit Assn. makes advances to re-
Epcnpible salaried people, confidentially; new
and simple plan; easy Installments. Room
50. Academy of Sciences. S19 Market st.
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL LOANS on fur-
niture. pianos or to salaried people on their
note; proper treatment guaranteed. ILLINOIS
TRUST CO.. r. 16. Phelan bid.. tel.Maln 704.
A — 1 per cent on furniture or piano; no remov-
al, no commission, no publicity ;$2S up; quick.
- private,, confidential. 2G Montgomery, rm. 7.
M. JACOBSEN & CO., room 621. Emma Spreck-
' els Building, loans money on real estate and
all other securities; confidential; low rates.
MUNICIPAL. LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant are..
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10,000.
MONEY to loan on low" Interest; gold. " silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stonea bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
TO salaried people without securlt) ; on fur-
niture, indorsed notes and other security
S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan bldg.
YOU can borrow more money on your furniture
than any other place In city; no commission.
612 Parrott building; phone South 653. ,
ON personal and real property. E. W. LICK.
1003 Mutual Savings Bank Mdg.. 7C8 Market.
MONEY loaned to salaried employes. G. W.
MILLER, room 74. fifth floor. Chronicle bid*.
8% ON furniture Sc pianos; $15 up; no removal.
V. TREMAIN. room 81. 6 Eddy St.. floor 4.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
ma. 8. F. Collateral Loan Bank. S33 Kearny.
STAR *¦ oan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
salarVtl employes. R.311, Mutual Sav.Bk.bld.
j CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
I Indorser. MOP.ELL. 60S Examiner bldg.
MUSICAL . IXSTRUUKXTS.
THIS AD IS OUR GREATEST EXPENSE.
We pay no rent, as we own the building.
The only reason we advertise Is to let you
know we rent the best piano in the city for J»
per month. • Now we can sell you one Just the
! same. Our expenses are so very much less
- than other firms, why not investigate our prices
and compare notes? Invest 5c carfare an<l savn
j from $75 to $150 on a piano. SCOTT-CURT AZ
! PIANO CO.. 5B0-62-C4 Hayes st , ,_
WE do not advise the purchase of cheap planoa.
as they are seldom satisfactory, but we have
pianos at a medium price that can be guar-
anteed to please the most critical. Our best
seller* are the Behr Bros.. Baumelster and
fichubert THE ZE.N'O MAUVAIS MUSIC
CO.. 769 Market St.
V r^9 J olltl ' 1I ''! ! :; J u^r
HEALD'S School of Mines & Electricity, 24 Post
st., S. F. ; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment Special catalogue free.
GOLDEN Gate Com'l College, 530 Golden Gate
a\e. ; full business course; day and evening.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day ar.d
.PARTINGTON'S. 421 Pine st Night class.
ARITHMETICk bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or »'e. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
GEORGE AOKI. 421 Post st. ; tel. Bush 138—
Japanese-Chinese employment office; fur-
niches best help; contracts for farm help, etc.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese-
Chinese help. 426 Powell. Tel. Main 5752.
A — GRAND Japanere-Chlnese Emp.' Office. 415
Stockton; tel. Grant 1C8: expert, reliable help.
IF you want Japanese help, advertlfe In The
New World, Japanese dally paper. 3S3 Geary.
CHINESE Employment Office— Best help at
Leon Seung's. 4im O'Farrell: tel. East 426.
RELIABLE .fapanese-Chlnese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51S8.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1907. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
A SCOTCH cook, with first-class references,
wants a place at cooking in a private family
where other help are kept. Address MISS
PLUNKETT. 425 Suttcr st.. near Powell.
A GERMAN woman with girl 11 years old;
good cook. MRS. NORJOX. 313 Sutter St.
A WOMAN wishes work by the day. Tel.
MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st. _ • '
WANTED — By lady, situation in private fam-
ily as nurse for children, companion or maid.
Address K.. New Western Hotel, room CO.
SWEDISH girl would like a situation to do
general housework and oooklng. 228 Cha-
pultepec st., between Virginia and Henrietta.
A LADY of experience wants position as nurse;
wages $30; reference given. Box 768, Call.)
RELIABLE woman would like washing cr any
kind of housework by the day. Box 786, Call.
COMPETENT cook wishes a position. Call
1S15'.A Webster st. .
PRACTICAL sean-.stresa and hairdresser wishes
a place as maid in a private family; well
recommended. Call or address Seamstress,
850 Folsom st. j "
ELDERLY woman wishes a position as house-
keeper. 411 Natoma st, between Mission and
Howard, near Fifth. * •<
A Jf IDDI K AGED woman to do light house-
work snd cooking; city or country. 1411
Baker st. '
DRESSMAKING in families: rapid worker;
good fitter: street and evening gowns. Box
7P2. Call office. . ¦
WANT add and subscription* taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 100C
Valencia st. - ¦
EMPLOYMEJfT WAXTED MALE!
FIRST-CLASS Japanese table waiter wants
situation; wages $25 *>; best of references.
W. L., 518 Jessie st^ ,
'FIRST-CLASS window trimmer wishes posi-
tion in city or country; best • references. Box
7C3. Call. - '
AN experienced head waiter would like to take
charge of dining-room of hotel or restaurant
or take charge of catering. Box 760, Call.
SITUATION as gardener and coachman or
man about place; references. .Box 4494. Call.
A REFINED old gentleman, eminently respect-
able, good habits, unlncumbered. desires a
position as companion to an elderly gentle-
man or lady, or both. Address P. O. box
2073. Sun Francisco.
SITUATION, private place, city or country,
by competent young man. 26. Dane, capable
taking care of fine horses, garden, and is a
first-class driver; references. Box 756. Call.
! YOUNG man. just arrived from the Klondike,
wishes work afternoons and evenings; a
rustler; handy at anything. Box i59. ,Call.
PAINTER wants work by the day or. any
cth«-r way; has all painting tools -for Inside
and outside of the house. 713«4 Minna st.
A MIDDLE-AGED men wants a situation as
night watchman: 30 years' reference. Box
4493. Call office.
POSITION as cook In boarding-house or fam-
ily. 1 OW CHEW, care^Quone On^ Tal Co.,
HOC Dupont Ft.
WANTED— Position as assistant bookkeeper,
shipping or receiving clerk; good cnaracter.
Ac"idre?s E. M. D., box 2655, Call office.
MARRIED man of 32 wishes position in whole-
' sale or warehouse; handy with carpenter
tools. Address box 44U2, Call office.
WANTED — To wash steps, water the garden;
Japanes*. named George. 1410 Pine st;
phone Hyde 171.
WANTED — A position to help In kitchen by a
good Japanese boy; $10 to $15 per month.
Address KAI. 528 Stevenson st
BARBER, young man. wants position for even-
ings and Sunday. Box 4491, Call office.
JAPANESE neat good cook and competent
wishes a position to do any kind of work in
small family; good references. Address box
767. Call office.
HONEST Japanese laundryman wants situa-
tion; will hclD with housework; best of ref-
trences. FRANK YAMAAMOTO, P21 Jessie.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
FubBcrintions has been established ' at 1098
Valencia st.
FIXAJtCIAX..
4 PER CENT to 6 PER CENT HIGH GRADE
Municipal, School, Railroad and Corporation
Bonds,
Bank and Trust Company Stocks,
Selected for conservative Investors.
Write for information to
HEAZELTON'ft CO..'
> Stock and Bond Brokers,
Hayward Building.
San Francisco. Cal.
FLATS TO LET!
A — HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense list;
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department; it will cave you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 243-259 Geary
' «t. on the square. :\ , ,
A SUNNY cor. 6-room flat; first-class In every
respect; 3945 17th st. ; half block from Mar-
ket; Castro and Eightenth st. cars.
ALPINE. 173 — New upper flat, 8 , rooms, bath ;
all modern improvements ;sun every room;$25.
$18—287 SHIPLEY, near Sixth— Flat. 5 rooms,
bath:"nlce yard; sunny. '•.'',. - v .. , -
KLLIS, 810, nr. Polk. — For business purposes; 3
rms.; all conveniences; electric light, .power.
GEARY, 1989— Renovated upper flat,' ''4 rooms
with kitchen. . >, ,., -
NEW flat of 6 r. and b.{ cor. 22d and Valencia
sts. ; rent reasonable. D. Coffin. 3303 Mission.
WASHINGTON, cor. Lyon; new, sunny corner
flat: 9 rooms; grand view; rent $55. .
FUKXITURE~~FOH SALEl7~~~~
NICE household Roods; suitable to furnish flat
of 5 rooms; in storage 058 Harrison st. /Call
» to 12 a. , m. or 2 to 4 p. m. , . ' .
FOR sale — Furniture of a 4-room flat. ' 39 Mor-
rlg ave.. on* Harrison St.. near Sixth. >
FURXITURE -WASTED.
A. WOLLpSIrt. 773 Mission, phone Red 4482.
buys, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpets. >
HIGHEST price for furniture and mdse. L. H.
BURD. auctioneer. 1818 Mkt. ;tel. Howard 27B9.
THE^CALL
J j
johit D. SFarciCELS. Proprietor.
it^lciiSiialiriDTDHi kcjapght, Meager
TELEPHONE.
A.rk for THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
nect You With the Department You Wish.
Publication Office Market and Third. S. F.
Editorial Rooms 217 to 221 Stevenson »t.
Delivered by Carriers, rrt Cts. Per Week, 75 j
Ct*. Per Month. Single Coplea .^Onts. |
Temrs by Mail, Including Postage F'-'ash With
Order): >
DAILY CALL (Includ. Sunday). 1 year...$S«0
JiAlLY CALL (inrlud. Sunday). 6 mos... 4 00)
DAILY CALL —By Fingle Month 75c j
H'NnAY CALL. 1 Year 2.50
WEEKLY CALL. 1 Year 1-W
( Dally... $S.SO Per Year Extra (
FOREIGN- J Sunday.. 4.15 Per Year Extra
POSTAGE. I. weekly.. 1.00 Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Sample Copies will be forwarded when re-
.' '"-. " guested.
Mail subscribers in ordering change of ad- .
flrers fhr«uid be particular to give both Nh«
AND OLD ADDRESS In crder to Insure a
prompt and correct compliance with their re-
« uert -
OAKLAND OFFICE.
1118 Broadway Telephone Main 1OS3.
BERKELEY OFFICE.
21iS Cester Street Telephone North 77
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
MORTON E. CRANE 1406 G Street, N. W.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf- A«cr la Hotel: A. Brentano, 31
Union Square: Murray Hill Hotel; Flfth-ave-
.r.ue Hotel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman Hous*; P. O. News Co.: Great
Northern Hotel: Tremor.t House; Auditorium
Hotel; Palir.er House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KROGNESS....Marquette Build R
(Long Distance Telephone, "Central 2619. )
2CFW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. -C. CARLTON Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
f.27 Moi.tgomesy street, corner Clay; open un-
til 9:30 o. m.
300 Hayes street: open until 9:S0 p. m.
fi» McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. B».
«15 Lnrkln street; open until 8:30 p. m.
ir<41 Mission Etreet; open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market etreet, corner Sixteenth; open
urti' 8 o. m.
10« Eleventh etreet; open until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia street: open until 9 p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets;
r<T>en until 9 d. ci.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and
Kentucky streets: open until 9 p. ra.
220" Fillmore street: oren until 9__p^jn L __
MEETIXG NOTICES.
CALTFORNIA Lodge No. 1. F. and A. «
U. — The olficers and members of tne jtjv
above named lodge are hereby notl- />r\
ficd to attend the funeral of our late
brother. HUGH COLVIN, In King Solomon's
Hall Masonic Temple. THIS DAY (WED-
NESDAY). Oct. 2S. 1903. at 2 o'clock p. m. !
Master Masons and friends of the deceased
are invited. By order of the master,
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
MOUNT MORIAH Lodge No. 44. F. j»
and A. M.— Called meeting THIS"<»/y
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING at 7:30/V\
o'clock. Third degree.
THEO. FROHCH. Secretary.
FIDELITY Lodge No. 120, F. and A. »
M. — O.'flrers and members are n-otifled'*fYf
• that by tpecial invitation the officers />f\
of this lodge will confer the third ,
' .l"gree fcr Mission Lodge at their hall,>Mis-
sinn and Twenty-third sts.. THIS (WED-
NESDAY) EVENING at S o'clock. Mem-
l»r» are invited to be present. By order of
the W. M. FREDERICK BARRY. Sec.
CHOCK ETT Lr.<5Ee No. 133. F. and A. O
M.— Third degree THIS (WEDNES-VV
DAY) EVENING at 7 o'clock. By or- />r\
der of the Master.
R. H. MePHERSON. See.
EXCELt-IOR Lodge No, 166, F. an« j»
A. M. — Pecond and third degrees
THIS (WEDNESDAY) EVENING at 7 /V\
o'clock eharp. H. J. OWEN. Sec.
MISSION Lodge No. 16S. F. and A. M. B
— Called meeting THIS (WEDNES-'W
DAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. /V\
Third degree. By order of the W. M.
The officers of Fidelity Lodge No. 120, F. and
A: M., will confer the degree.
• R. E. ALLAN. Secretary.
MORSE Lotf*e No. 257. I. O. O. F.
T: - entertainment f<:-mr.:i:t»? < 1 f ; S(^2&
the Board of p ;>f uiil he'r2xZ&_J-$!ii
presort THIS EVENING. Oct.
28. A full attendance Is requested. Visitors
cordially Invited.
W. H. FELDCAMP. N. O.
C. BRIND. Rec. Sec.
IVANHOE Lodge No. 8. K. of P.. -&Z
will confer the Knight Rank (long
form) WEDNESDAY. October 28, /EhxL
1003. at PytMan Castle. 9094 Mar- ,££55?
ket et.. at 8:30 p. ra. Members <C3 "'^ >
of eieter lodges cordially invited.
FRED WICKERT. C. C.
. O. NORCROSS. K. of R, & S.
SYRACUSE Lodge No. 58, K. of P.— S*l
A »!*cial and extraordinary conven-
Ition of this lodge will be held at /£»W
its lodg*>room. 909 Market et., THIS J&K*,
EVENING to receive the grand
chancellor ar.d other grand officers of this
domain. Something original not attempted i
f>y any other lodge nan leen prepared for
his visit to Frracuse No. 58. All Knights of
¦Pythias in city are cordiaily invited to attend
this convention and take part in this our
gTand reception to our grand chancellor.
B. F. NOEL, C. C.
CEORGE RABBITT. K. of R. and S.
ATTORNEYS- AT-LAW.
ADVICE FREE. ~ -~— ——-"¦
OLD ESTABLISHED.
COLUMBIAN LAW & COLLECTION AGENCY
Able attorm-yfc. Rm. S5. Oltt Market, opposite
Emporium. Bad tenants ejected speedily ajid
reasonably. Collections. n» matter how small,
attended to; attachments; bond^furnlEhed; cor-
porations organized; civil and criminal prac-
tice. Tel. John C226. Open evgs. by appointment
We solicit and Interview with you.
ADVICE FREE. ESTABLISHED 22 YEARS.
Divorce* a Specialty. Private. Quick.
NO PAY UNLESS SUCCESSFUL.
<3. W. HOWE, Att'y-at-Law.
1122 Market *t., between Mason and Taylor.
Nearly opposite "Hale's" Dry Goods Store.
THE LEGAL ADVISORY. Inc. -~—
Practice In Federal and all State Courts.
Attachments, divorce. tniniT^ bankruptcy.
prosecutions, adjustments, corporations, pat-
•ct*. ertctes. probate.
Experienced and Reliable Attorneys Engaged.
Advtce guaranteed. Correspondence •ollclted.
•Ill 61 1 A. 61 IB Crossley Bldg. Tel. John 2C26.
N. E. Cor. New Montgomery and Mission Hts.
ROBT. W. KING, atty-at-law. Examiner bid..
• room til; all cases, damajres. estates, wills,
attachments, collections, etc.; consultation
Tree; no advance chart's; ca'I or write;
«venlcgs by appointment. Tel. Red 3601. f
ADVICE free — I wiy advance cost In merltorl-
ocs rase«. divorce/, probate and all other law
cases; no fees in advance; open every even-
lrj. J. M. THURSTON. 819 Market st. r. 8L
\Varner Ttmple, 93 Chronicle big.; bankruptcy,
accidents, probate, matrimonial; labor liens.
DIVORCE costs $12: open evenings; tenants
.ejected. $5. 916 Market.r.BS. phone Black C51.
A. M. EWING — Attorney-at-law. Room 612,
Parrott blfig.; phene South e55.
DIVORCE — Costs. $12; dulek. quiet; open evem-
lngs. 827 Market «t.. room 301.
JL. E.. CLARK. Emma Eprecke'.g bldg.. 827 Mar-
k*r tt.: consultation tree; no fees la advance.
AJTKEN & AITKEN. atlomeya, rs. 309-10-11.
Curie bl<5*.. 503 California st.: tel. Main 727.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful: *I1
law burln«r«. XV. VT. T>»v1rt«on. 027 Market.
BUSINESS CHAXCES.
FOR sale — Furniture, carpets and good will of
a new brick apartment-bouse of 175 rooms.
In the city's swellest locellty; partly fur-
nirn*d. and althogh Just opened ie over half
f.lled with regular tenants already; long
l*-«fcc; if j-cru want an apartment bouse don't
fall to ft particulars of this at rooms 1404
and 1405. Call building.
FOR tale — Grocery (tore; good stock, fixture*.
<a«h register, eafe; old established business:
< SW. cor. Twenty-fourth and Folsom ets.
Apply D. A. CURTIN. room 24. third floor.
Mill* building, city.
LEAVE overcrowded occupation?; learn to
tea<:h physical culture, boxing, fencing; if
unable to call we teach by mail. Chicago
Athletic School, 240 Michigan ave., Chicago.
FOR pale — A good grocery business; centrally
located: ptock about $7000. For further par-
ticulars apply to J. .J. SCHUTZ. care Haas
r.T't- ¦ . 100 California rt., San Francisco. -
HIV — MUST sell -this week; make an effer.
MOESMAN, Examiner bldj.. 411.
PARTNER in first-class saloon. Inquire at
1K98 Howard st.
A I ARGAIN— Photo studio; central location :
<!th.r husin^Mi demands ray attention: no
time (or tntlers. Address box 750. CalL
BUSINESS CHANCES-~Contlnned :^ J
$750 — DELICACY store; select rooming dis-
trict- 2 living rooms; owner called away. ,
Box '7U0. Call. !
WOfLD like to buy part Interest or whole in
a good-paying business ; small town or coun- j
try; give partlculais. Box 2651. Call. >
PARTNER— Butcher shop; small capital; good j
habits: ohance: Investigate. Box <5i. Call. |
FOR sale— Stationery news business in live j
country town. Box 7«X Call office. j
RESTAURANT and oyster liouse. 108 Seventh ]
st. : goinc in another business. |
iTojDcixG^Hm^s^^o^^A^E^^^ j
ie~ROOMS, rent $85. good *112l i
36 rooms, new furniture, transient -*»<K» I
14 rooms, good furniture, rent $!K> 1100 |
21 rooms, good transient 21«X) i
17 rooms, good location 650 |
11 rooms, steady roomer", rent 530 425
MO8SMAX. Examiner bldg.. 411.. ,
A ROOMING-HOUSE snap; 18 rooms in a fine I
location; Just furnished new; if you take it
quick the i>rice will be only $1050; don't I
overlook this ofTer; there's nothing In town j
to beat it. Apply H. S. HANSON. 957 Mar-
ket «t.
14 ROOMS; well furnished; all full: price rea-
sonable. 824 Mission st.; call bet. » and 4.
SPIRITUALISM.
PROF. Fred P.. Evans, noted psychic for slate- t
writing and clairvoyance: stamp Jcr circular, j
1112 Eddy rt.. nr. .Octavia ; phone Scott 8S7. ;
Mrs. Wyian. gifted clairvoyant, enrd reader,
test medium; la. 25c. 1008 Harrison, nr. Oth. j
EDWARD EARLE. 10C2 Ellis, readings dally. }
9:30 to 4; seances Sunday and Thursday. i
CLAIR VO YA NTS^
MY Regular $3 Readings This Week for
$1 $1 $1 $1 • $1 $1 *1
PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE.
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever in San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee
to make no charge if I fall to tell you ycur
name, occupation and what you called for;
I promise to tell you whether husband, wife
or sweetheart is true or false; I tell you
whom and when you will 'marry; in fact, I
will tell ycu every hope, fear or ambition
better than you can tell yourself: I improve
your character so that you will reach the
highest possible development in mental vigor,
health, happiness and capacity to earn
weaUh: bo you will live happy and contented
the rest of your life. Hours 10 a. m. to S
p. ra.; Sundays. 2 to 8. 326 O'Farrell St.. 326.
MME. M. BERNARD, THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third St., next Examiner
bldg. ; Fhe reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur in the future; if you are in trouble, dis- j
contented or not satisfied in life, or have do- |
mestic. love or business troubles, consult this I
great medium and you will be told how to
overcome them; valuable advice in all affairs t
of life; 25c up; satisfaction guaranteed; read-
lngs by mail. Tel. Black 45CO. ,*¦«¦
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairroyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
¦t., cor. Turk; private readings daliy. 10 a.
m. to 6 p. m. ; readings by mall as satisfac-
tory a» in person; 3 questions answered. $1;
full life, $5; tend lock of hair, date and* year
of birth: don't send currency. Send postofflce.
Wells-Fargo money order or registered letter.
A— MME. PORTER, scientific clairvoyant and
card reader, born with a double veil and sec-
end sight; tells the past, present and future;
ladles. 50c; gents. $1: by cards, palmistry
acd elslrvoywit sitting: $1 50. 12«t Turk st.
MRS. A. H. Kronenberg.' palmist, clairvoyant,
card read«r. will give a good reading, 10c. for
a short time only; when others fail try me to
convince yourself. 721 Franklin, near Turk.
MME. LEE, palmistry and clairvoyant: flours
9-5: evenings and Sundays by appointment:
readings 50c. 305 Larkin et.. rooms 17 & 18.
MISS ZEMDAR, young, gifted clair. and palm.;
reveals love, marriage, business, etc.; L. 50c,
G. $1; hours 10 to 9; names. 714 Franklin St.
A — Mme. Ravenna reads life, business advice;
names given; 25c up. 5 4th at, near Market.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader in city.
26>4 Kearny. room 20: ladles 25c; gents 50c.
PARTHENA. gifted clalr.. Just from East;
wonderful prophetess. 607 Post St.. nr. Mason.
MIPS WARD gives names, dates and facts;
hours 10 to 8. 413 Mason St.; no sign.
MRS. FHAFER clairvoyant, card irader: sit-
tinrs daily. 44S14 Jegyle st.. bet. .Mh and 6th.
CAKPCT BEATING AND CLEANING.
AIR. compressed, dry. Ice cold, is now univer-
sally used in sanitarily cleaning carpets, on
floor without removal or injury; prices mod-
erate. Apply S. F. COMPRESSED AIR
CLEANING CO.. Call bid.; phone Main 8237.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 355-357 Tehama st.; tel. South 40.
SMITH'S Carpet Cleaning Co.; Al work guar-
anteed. 3c. 1843 15th St.; phone Capp 1551.
WESTERN 'Carpet Cleaning Works. 1S00 Har-
rison et.; Al cleaning. 3c; tel. Mission 223.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating Co.. J. McQueen,
proprietor. 329 Guerrero st; tel. Mission 49.
TRY HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet-beating:
mattresses made over. 1432 Howard ;South 216.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Satter St.:
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM 4: CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating work*; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st; tel.Mlsstcn 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works.
333 Golden Gate ave. ; telephone East 126.
COLLKCTIOr: OFFICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city cr country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10; tel. 6580.
CKEDIT CLOTHXES3.
C. F.eADAMS CO.
SPECIAL CREDIT STORE.
We clothe the whole family from hats to
shoes; everything up to date at cash prices.
Credit for all. 318 Mason St.
DENTISTS.
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 803 Market St.,
cor. Fourth, room 7, Flood building; extrac-
tions done painlessly; teeth without plates
our specialty ; gold crowns, $3 60 up; plates. ;
$4 50 up, extraction free; office hours, 'J
a. ra. to 9 p. m.; Sundays, 9 to 2.
DR. GRUSS. 504-5-6 Calia than bldg.. Market
and McAllister st*., uses the Basford Obtun-
der. the only device .ever Invented for grind-
Ing, drilling and excavating teeth absolutely
without Daln. For demonstration and proof
call at office, i
DR. Ll'DLUH HILL, 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made: old plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per set; extracting. 50c; gas given.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break:
warranted 20 yrs. ; crown. $3 60; fillings. 50c;
plates. $5; full set;all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Set teeth $1 50 up; crowns $2 up; fillings 25c.
GOLD fillings, 75c; silver, 35c; crowns, S2: no
pain; open 6unday. Dr.O.B.Hewitt,204 Sutter.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
76 pares. In wrapper, for mailing. II per year.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Milliner/ School
—Any pattern cut to measure. 1019 Market
ACCORDION, sunburst & knife plaiting. Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory, 110 Taylor.
EDUCATIONAL.
THE Ban Francisco Young Men's Christian As-
coclatlon conducts a night school for men, an
engineering school, an evening law 'school, a
working boys' night school and a day business
and academic school. Students have gymnas-
ium and other privileges. Apply at Y. M. C.
A. building. Mason and Ellis «ts.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST,' C.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy, English branches; day
and night sessions; illustrated catalogue free.
HINMAN'S Academy; a thorough school of
dancing; established 20 years. 1412 Polk St..
between Pine and California; both adult and
children's classes are now open for the season.
AYRES, the leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket PL; f>pecial fumm»r course in all depart,
rnente; handsome cata'cpue free; life scbolar-
bhlp, $50; day and evening sessions.
CALIFORNIA Business College. 305 Larkln *T
"A- thorough school": positions secured for
graduates; modern methods: Individual ln-
etructlon. Write for Illustrated catalogue.
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for the university, law and medical colleges;
ref.. President Jordan or any Stanford profes-
sor; day and evening sessions. Phelan bldg.'
A— PAN FRANCISCO Business College. .1236
Market »t. — Practical, progressive, • reliable;
d«pr and evening scselons; write for catalogue.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday, Saturday. Sun-
day evgs., .Teutonia Hall. Howard st, nr.
8th. Prof. Potter; society dancing taught.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec. mln.. mech.. sur-
vey. aesay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1864. Van
<ier Nalllen School. 113 Fulton.. nr. City Hall.
A GENTLEMAN teaches prfvateiy~young men
and women whose education has been neg-
Ifccted; also foreigners.' Call or add. 710 Post
SPANISH.French.etc.Prof.DeFlllppe's Academy
of Languages.320 Post: cstab'd 1871:ablest profs
G. MANSFIELD, teacher of violin, guitar.
mandolin, banjo. 426 O'Farrell et.
Good fishermen know where the best fish are found,
And sensible folks, who in judgment are Bound,
Always come to The Call when the. use of an ad .
*W111 assist them in life, and so are~made glad. .
We don't have to pay folks with chromos and fuss
To give us their want ads— they're glad- to 'pay us;"
In conclusion, we say, what's the verdict 'of. all.
That the paper which gives best results is TheCall. :City aad Cooaty of Saa Fraacisco t« Jeaaae
R. Abratas <wlfe of Altert). let ca 3 llae eZ
Gclden Gate avienae. 2C«i:« VT of Larkla street,
w *i^» ty s 120: » . .
Fame to ilary Oppenhelmer, lot on E llae ot
Polk street. SO S cf Pine. S3ObyE «2:«; 9 .
Same to Albert P. Boota. lot oa E ilae of
Vaa Xesa avenue, 53 S of Turk street. S «:S
by E li»: t .
Same to James Conlia. let on VT Itae of Poik
street. <» N* of Fell, N JO by W ICO; % .
Same to I grata Stelahart. lot on W Une ef
Vaa Ne»t avenue, eo S of California. S O> by
W 134: $ . ¦
Same ta I?aae LJ«bes aad Max Darts. lot on ;
N" line cf Paelfie arexree. 239:8 E of Goofn
•treet. E M by N 127:SU: I .*
Same to Henry Sr. aad Bertha Btetllar. let
on E llae of Cough street. 127:8 Jf cf Califor
nia. .V 23 by E Sl:3; * . - "
±3.74/ to James A. Staele. tot en X Itae ef
Oak /treet, 163 E of Octavla. E S7:« by N
:«B« to Joseph Keynaa, Ict oa N* llae of
CaMorala. itreet. 5C0 W of Googb. W 30 by N
12.*:8>-i: I :
Same to Mlar-le O. Weed, lot on W line ef
Goa*h street. S& 3 of Eacrameato. S 27 :S by
W ICO; * -i
' Jofea F. Ha««rtjr to Grace IT. Haxerty. lot co
REAL ESTATE TBAUSACTI0NS.
Caribou " - l <*> 110
Central Point Coa 63
Chicago Crude *•» -1
Claremont -^
Esperanza 153
Four --•- «»
Fulton 4TO
Giant -- • 20
Hanfard **> co
Home »"4 1 0»>
Imperial I 1 * *>
Independence 1» 1»
Junction 1* 2O.
Keni 5»
Kern River H w
Lien «
Monarch lof Arizona) 5*>
Mccte CrUto -
Occidental of W. Va 1» I'*
Oil City Petroleum -1 2S
. Peerlesa « *>
Ptttshurs -• =»
Reed Crude +!¦ «
S F & McKlttrick 2.5
San Joaquin O & D •» -5
Senator --.
Sovereign » - • - —
Sterling « 2.5
Superior - IJtl °*
Thirty-three - • »
Toitec =[> - l
T*enty-elght * -»
W«st SK:re 2 95
Miscellaneous — l
Abbv Lund & Improvement.. 1 40 . 1 €5
Alarie-Ia Sucar 29 OO
American Bi«cui: W <*>
American District Tel
Cal Gaa A Electric Corp
Cal Cotton Mil's SS OH .....
Cal Jockey Ciub 105 to
Cal £hi— >ing Co 2o W>
Cat Title" Ins & Trust 130 •» 14O CO
Central Bank of Oakland #_> O>
Chutes Canirany 7 5O -;-"
Cypress Lawn Im^t Co •> "0 • -5
Fischer's Theater 2 00 JI 5«>
Gas Cocauniers' Arsn — 5O
Honolulu Sua-ar 14 SO
Northern Cal Power 3 50 SCO
North Stow Rairrcad -.-^ 7 U>
Orr>h*ura Comrany 13 25 1* 2»
Paciao States Tel & Tel 115 00
Paraf £ne Paint 33 O> .....
San FrancUco Dryd.ick 47 00
Sanitary Reduction Works... 2 CO
SftSSaUto Land 4 Ferry 11 W
Sp^rr" FTonr Co 27 SO 3O CO
Starxlard Electric 1* J*>
T-sia Coal Co SOW
Truckee Electric 13-5
Un ton Sugar 22 SO
Cnrted Gas & Electric 3* 5O
SALES.
Morning Session.
Board —
10 Kern River 12 «0
1OX> Toltec • 21
lOOHooe «£
1C«> Home, c S«> 95
Afteraccn Session.
Board —
2<5O E*r*ranza 1 5O
3'"«> Sovereign. - 3S
U.*> Toltec 21
3£^> Occidental 1*
Mining Stocks.'
SAX FRAXCISO^STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following- w«r* the sales en the San Fran
cisco Stock acd Exchange board yesterday:
Morning Sesston.
1C00 Alpha. 0* 100 Opcir 140
ICO Belcher 13 30«> Overman 23
WO Bullion 10 1CCO Potosl IS
10O Caal Con ... 23 TOO Savage 22
2C«> Crown Point. 16 2CO Sierra Xev 43
10O Ha> & Xcrc. K| 20«) Calon Con .. 54
1C«» Julia C7, ICo Utan 19
2tt> Mexican 95,
" Afternoon Session.
100 B««t & B«t.--t 3O 2CO Overman 21
20O Chollar t« ?PO J=ava?e 21
20O Con C & Va.1 13 3TO Sierra Nev... 41
2W Con X T C71 50 Sierra Xev... 40
&» Exchequer ... IS 1WS«? Belcher.. 03
200 Gould & Cur. 241 5») Sliver Hill... 5ft
L'JfO Julia «*7 1 10t> Union Con. . . 52
10O K Graessler-.l 9Oj 3OO Tel Jacket... 41
Z>^O Mexican 85
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the Pacific Stock
ExchaEpe yesterday:
Morning- Session.
SCO Andes 21; 800 Mexican 95
2C<> Andes 2*' 3TO Overman 22
2T*> BeWher 14, 20O Ptitcsi 19
2<;0 Belcher i 12, 3»» Savage 21
SCO Chollar k IS ,VO SVg: B*Icher.. 05
2C0 Con C A Va.l 13 &S) Sierra Xer... *l
500 Con XT ... 0*T 5fO Stiver HUI... •»
300 Con XT 07 j 3i» Sliver Hill .. 63
WO Crown Point-. 13; MJO Unloa Cton .. S3
S<>> GcuM i Cur. 25: ."»> Tel Jacket .. *5
2CO Hale i Nore. I«J 2C<> Tel Jacket .. 42
Afternoon Session.
J'O AndM 20 STO Justice OS
200 Bullion 11 3fl0 Mexican 06
20O Con C * Va.l 15 2CO Ophlr I 424
2D» Con Imperial. C4 2i"»> Overnaan 21
2C»> Con Imperial. C3 73O Setr Belcher.. 03
4rt> Exchequer ... 13 SCO Sierra Nev 42
30O Gould * Cur. 24
T0X0PAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following **re the salts on the Tonopah
and San Francisco Mlnlns Exc*"-\n?e yesterday:
Moreins »^ ssion.
SCO MacNamara.. 14i 2^O Ton N Star.. S3
SO Montana Ton. 95; 250 Wild Goo»e...2 25
100 Ten Belmont. 00
Ailtrwxn Session.
SCO Oat Eareka.. ?3 ( lC«:0 Ton X Star.. S3
1C0O Eaperanxa — C2t SCO Ton X Star... 34
CLO6IXO QUOTATION3.
TCESDAT. Oct. 27 — I p. m.
Bid. Ask., Bld.Ask.
llpba C7 08'JBOa W t»
Alt* 03 TO Justice 06 07
Andes 1!> 50 Kentack ..... 01 OS
3elcher 14 13 K Graessler-.X 73 1 SO
Best * Be!..l 3»"' 1 "-5 Uextcaa ss 0«f
Bullion l'> 1* Occidental ... tl 22
Caledonia ... 9O 95 f>pnlr ¦ 1 4O 1 45
CTial Con 27 2S Overmaa .... 20 22
O.oIIar 17 l»;Poto«t .. 17 15
OccMenc* ... «<> «2 Savayu 20 »t
Can C & Va.l 10 1 I' S<-rorpian 01 03
Con Imperial. 08 *4 S*r Belc^»r . Ot oa
Ccn NT «W 07 Sierra Ner. . . 4O 42
Crown Potnt . 14 13 Silver Hill ..58 3S>
Eureka Con . — MSt Louis .... h —
Exchequer ... 15 17 syndicate 04 06
Gould A Cor. 24 23 Uctcn Con ..51 M
Hale * Xorc- 34 SH Ct*h r. 13
Lady Wash.. 08 04 Tel Jacket ..40 42
TONOPAH MIXES.
Bid-Ask. | Bid.Ask-
E^peranza ... 01 Ci Tm Betmont. S5 1 CO
Gipsy Q*een.. — 25 Ton A Cal — to
Lacky Tom... — 10 Tonopah — s SO
Mac.Vx~.ara . 12 15 Ton X Sur.. 33 34
MUpah Extea — 31 Too Midway. 37 33
Montana Ton. S3 Vt L'nlted Tan... — i«
Paymsuster -- O» . 11 Ctopla 10
Rescue t» 10
Continued Frcna Page Eleven.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
S line of Lombard street. 230 W of Goosa. W
25 ty S 60: »irt.
City aad County of San Fraacteco to DirM
Bercsteis. let en K ltce of Satter street. 112 :"J
E of Buchanan. ESSrS 112:8; * .
Same to William P. Harrington, lot oa EC
corner ot Bocaaaaa aad CaUforaia streets. E
34:8 by S 79; ? w
Same to Sajsoei C. Armstrccy. lot on E Us*
of Flltaore street. 112:« N of Oai. X 23 by K
100: »-i — s
Tberese E. Nelson tt E. L Fltxs;»ra.I(i. lot on
S line of Pest street; 16713 'W of Webster. W
24 by S 137i«; $1O.
City as<I Couaty cf Saa Fraaclsco ta Tlinotay
J. HarrlEctan. tot oa. W line cf Webster street.
102:S*i S of Wasaliwtoa. 3 2S br w €S^: *— -
Saaw ta. Aatonto Lalolo. lot oa N ltae o;
CUy street. 215 E of rniBVjre. E 23 by N
127 :S^; » ' ..
W^Ullim azid Cariatlne Ehrenpfort to Richard
Finking-, lot on W line of FUlmore street, 87 :«
N" ot GrOTe. X 23 by VT 107:«-. S10.
Jeac P.. aad OctaTte Vertex ta Anxaata T.
Tattle. let oa X Ifae of Haljht street. 165 W
of FlUaiore. W,27:6 by M 137:6; $10-
CUy and Cocnty of San Fra=cl3CO ta Jo«esb
A. JeJTery. lot en S line of Hayes street. 13.. 4
E nf Pierce, E 28:10*, by S 137:6; » .
Same to WUlUm Wertscb, lot oa S ll=e of
Sutter^strest, 1*0 W of Pierce. W 27:3 by 8
137:8; ! .
Same to Eva Icketneteer (wife Henry). lot
en E line of DsTtaadero street. 123 S of CFar
rell. 3 23 by E 9O; S .
Same to Jennie Sawtetl*. lot on N Ilse of
tTFarreQ street. 10O E of Derfaadett). E 27 by
X 137 :«; S --. .
Sanre to Pbebe A. Hearst, lot oa S Ifae of
Sacramento street, 2C«J:"* W of Walnat, WCS:»
by S 132:7H; $ _ „ ,
Same ts> Adam Theyschn. lot oa W U2» of
JoIUa avenue. 125 X of Sixteenth street. X 3»
by W ICO; * .
Same to Alexander and Margaret McKay, lot
on E line of Mission street. O S of Tweaty
firrt. S €0 by E 122:«; S .
James W. Ward to Mary A. C, Bourne, lot
en S line of Twenty-first street. 90 E of Valen
cia. E 22 by S 9O; |10. 0 -
SiTings an4 Loaa Society to> Joseph F. Do
tan, lot en W line of Angelica street, S7t> S of
Nln-teentn. S 5 by W «3; *10Ul
Bridget Qnlnlaa <Power> to J*remla& Qula
tan. lot en W llae of Treat avenae. "220 S of
Twenty-fourth street. 5 25 by W 112 :«; gift.
Owen Pruaty to Susan Prunty. tat on E line
of Cnarcn street. 10-4 S of Twenty-second. 5
28 by E 125; srtft.
Henry and Ellie Simon to Sarah Greaves. lot
on BC line of Twenty-third street. 230 W of
Xo*. W 23 by X 114: $10.
City and Cooaty of San Francisco t» Ans*ia
and Xatalie Cere«hlno. lot oa S Une of Green
street. ICO W of Kearcy. W 2O by ? OJ: %
S. M.. Helena. Theodore and Minn*. Cona
to Frances Ixtcchettl lot on X line cf Wash
ington st. 8S:9 E of Mason. E 3S^ by X
137:6: $1O.
Judson Manufactnriag Company (corpcra
tlon> to Henry E Be thin. lot on SE llae of
Howard street 230 XE of Third. XE 45 by SE
SO: $io.
John G. and Emma Nlgg-le ta Mary E.
Lewis. lot on SE line of Stevenson street. 223
XE of Fourth. XE 20 by 3E 7<h fSft
Thomas C- Armstreajr ta. Sxmael C. Arm
strong hrt en XXV tine of Bryant street. 155
XE c£ Fourth, NE 2O by XVV >«>. qcUrfaiai
deed: $1.
Edwin, S. and Katie L. Rowley to George
Sccussler lot on XSV line of Mission street.
125 NE of Sixth. NE 23 by Nff feO. subject to
encrcachments ; $10.
Owen.Pronty to Su«an Pnmty. lot on E Ila«
of Cleveland street. 75 X of Seventh. E 75 by
X 23; gift.
Mary and Joan J Ryan to X»l3 S. Peterson,
lot on NE line of Lanxton street <RltMT>. 2t>*
SE cf Harrtsor. SE 25 by XE «0: $10.
Hans and Catharine Wulff ta WUIlais H.
Forbe* lot oe SW corner of Xinth avenue aad
California, street. S 110 by W 32:«: $10.
Jacob. Wllhelmlne E.. Peter and E<Ja Schae
fer to Adolf Fester, lot on X Urn? of Montca.Ua
avenue. 75 XW of Peralta avenne-. X 1C«> by
W 23. Harris map 1 subdivisions Precita Val
ley lot 20: $10.
George F. Lyon aad E. L. Hoag- <LyoB A
Hoag> to Albert W. Smith lo< on X Ua« of
Lotta acd XW of Woodland X LS.33. W S«X
S 78.31 XE W.9O. lot 34, block D. Sunset
Heights. Quitclaim deed: $20u
Frank and Bertha Scfcaadt to same, same;
$10. ¦- -
THE SAX FBAXCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 28. 1903.
13
BATL-WAT TBWEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Qtata Uaf. Toot ef Martet. Street >
l»at« — - Tmi OcroagJ XL HOa. — ajmrra
74»a Baslela. Salwa. aUmtra aad Sacra- ~
seate ....... £•??*
7J5O* TaeavHle. Wtatera. EasaseT- t&Sr
7 W* MarUaex. Sas Riirwn. VaC*M
X aae, CaasaB«a. Sensa B»w .-- 8 25?
7-50* KHea. Ltveraorr. Tracy. Latarspc
Bieckx* 7.XS*
JJ»» D«Tis.troo<i:a8d.Ka!zataUadlas.
MarjiTCle. Oraraie .HP
. ICO* Atlaa^eKx7rea»-OctieaaadKas(. 10.2i*
t t-KU Pert Coata. Mardaex. Aartncfc. By-
roa.Tracy3toeksoaJ»aerameaea.
»w-=i*a. Lea B^aj*. Xeadota,
Arsaoaa. Lemoore, Uaatont.
Vtaalla. PorservlUe 4»2S»
i 50 » Pert Cc«m. Martiaea. Tracy. Lmi3*-
rejt «od-»to. M«reed. Fresaa
G«aanJKaettoa.L«aoore,Haa-
fora, TliaUa. Bakersaetd 4.5&>
' IK' £h*Jta Sirr<« — D»t»*. tTUUama
: (fer a*rtleu i?rinr» >- Wtllewa,
tFrato. Bed BlaX PortUad 7.55*
t-S8a 5K ts. Saa Jeea. Ltvenaere. Saek-
te«Jeae.flacraaBeatekP!acerrQl«.
Marriville. CkUw. Bed BIkX < 2Sf
• 30* Oakdale. Calaese. Jaseitowa. So-
sera, Taoiomae aa4 Aagels . — . Z^?5*
1 IJOa Martlaeaaad WayStaUoaa. : . §-**»¦
10CQ* V»IIejo_«.-. „ lt*S>
10. C0» El Pa*o Paeaeager. XaaSbo«3<L —
. Port Cesta, Martlaez. By*oa.
Tracy. La:kro?. Steektea,
Merced, E»yxt>ai. Fresa«,Baa-
fard. TlaaSa, Bazersaeld. lx«
Asgeles aad £1 Fuj. (West-
boani arrives vta Coaat Llae}... «1-50*
10 SO » T«e OverUad Lla-Jt«4 — Ucden.
Denver. Ornate, Cahage— i *5?
12-CCv Eajward. Kile* aad Way Statiems. far
tt<OF 6acraajeaW» Bt»« Steaatera- Mi-CCr
5 3Cf Bealda. Wiatsrs. 8a«raaeatix
Wo»i:aa4. K&Igats Laadlag.
llarvRTiae. OrorUle aad way
stations '*•??*
S3ZT Baywar<J.Jfn«saa*Way 3ut!oBs~ 1-tS*
3 Up tot: Costa. Viruses. Byroa.
Tracy. Latarop* Msleiit,
Merced. Fresao aad Waj Sta-
(i,;si bejoaJ Port Costa 12 25*
i30r Wj-i:aei. Traej. swersaa. Lo-11... 13 25*
-COp M»r;!aes.5aaIUx.'"auV»Ue;o.Saja.
Callitcga. Santa Rrwa ... 9 2a*
t CCr XKes: Tracy. Ssacitoa. LodI 4 ZSr
• SQt Uarword. Snea. Irvtagtaa. Saa I f8-«5a
Joa«. Lit erasore „.... I 0 1.5-3*
CO' Toe Owl Ltalietf— Xewiaaa. Lee
iiaau*. M«a4oca.rrtsaetTzlar«,
BeKeraaeM. Lcs Aareies S3 a*
i COp r»r» Coata. Tracy. Stocitea 12 25?
tS iBr Hayvartl. Nt'ei aad 3aa Jose 7. 25*
f-CCr Uayward. XUea and Saa Jcse. 13 2S*
tJlitr OrieotaJ Mall — 0^1 e a. Dearer.
Unas*, is. Loei*. Coleago a*a -
Kart. Pert Coeta, Bealea. aal-
aaa. ElaUra. D**U. 6acraaesto«
Ueeklta. Aabara. Colin,
Tmckee. Boc*. Keao. Wads-
vorta. Wtonetaaeea. Battle -
SJmatala. Elko — — .. 4 23'
5 03* ValleJ* dally, except Ssacay • 7 5S »
i C5f Tallejo. Saariay oaly f
'XQp S«a Fasto, Port Caeta. SUrtlae*
aad W»7 StaUoaa. 11 2S*
ttr Cresoa * CalTforata Express— «ae-
rameato. MsrysvlUe. Beddac
rertlaad. Psget Sooad aati Eaat. a 55* |
ICp Uajward. Slles aad Saa Jaae (3«a- 1
dayealy? 1U»*
COAST LINE t-tarrew ii«r»J. *
> Foot of Marfcec ScreeL?
15. Newark. Ceaterv^le. Sea Jeee. j
Feltea. Bonlaer Creek. Saata
Cm aad Way SEaOoas. 5 5S?
. IS* Xewark. CeatervtUe. Saa Jeee.
Kew Alais4ea.Lo« Gaua.Feiua.
EosMcr Cr-ti. Saau Cru aa4
Principal WaT Su«oa» 13 35*
IS' Newark. Saa Jose. Los Gale* aa«
way it&tioa* *I.5aa
33r naater»Trata.S«t«rday eary. Saa
Jeae aad Way Static**. Saarfar
only renras from Loa Gates t7Z3>
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
us -- AN r'UAM'ISiO. Foo« ot Market Sc (S3?*)
-rr.ii »-mj u:co*jf. 1C0 SCO 5-15 r*
»oon OAKLAXD. Focc of Brfradway— ?<:!» 3:»
M:03 thMt.lt. 12 CO tJBQ 4J0FX
COAST LINE <Brea4 «aage>.
XT ( fl fttM tail Towaaead Streets.)
6 10a jaa Jc«e aad Way Stations. I JO*
7 CO* S»a Jose tad Way 5uttoa* 133'
• CO* New Alsadea fTttes^ FrW-, eKfy). «.lft>
SCO* Coaat UaeLlsi^tl— SUTsoalr Saa
Jose. GUroy (conaecdcc for Hot-
Rater^ P»;»ro. CaalrerlQe. r«- ¦
llaa*. Saa Aria. Psjo Boole*.
£uitaMargsrlta.Saa Lot* Obi? jo.
Principal itatioa* ti»ace irirt
<eoaaect}oa far Lctapoc) prtael-
pal ttatioai ta«a:e Saata Bar-
bara aad Lot Aagele*. Cosaee-
Cob at Caatrovnie te aad from
Moasere; aad Paelle Greve U4J»
9. CO* Saa Jose. Tres Place. Capttola.
SaauCraz.PacSae Grove.Saifaae,
Saa Lois OMjp« aad Prtactyal
War Sutlons „ 4-1S*
10 30* ?aa Jo»e aad Way Scatise*. -..- - 1.29r
11 iO* Saata Clara. Saa Jom. Lee Guoe
aad Way Stacoaa 7-39r
1J!> E%a JiMeaadWay SUUoas I -Ji*
*XOp Pac!2eGrt>v«Rxpre«a^ — ;»a:*CT»-»
S*a Joee. Del Moate. Maaterey.
P»ci;c Gmts < eoaa* ::• at Saata
Clara for Sasta Crsx. Boo!i!er
Creek aad S arrow Gasze Potati)
at GliroT far BcBlster. Tres
Ptaoa. as Castro vt:ie far aaZlaas. 12-15**
S.3Cr GUroy Way P»»»eager 113 43*
*4 4 Sr Saa Jaae. ii!« Saau Ciara> Lee
Setoe. aad Priaelyei Way Sta-
Uoo» (except Saadayl fS-23*
\9-S9r EaaJoieaadPrlscfsalWaTSUdoas r».C3*
6-CO/ SsaMt LtatlUd. ftutboead.— Saa
Lets Ooupo, Sasta Barbara, Lev '-".:•'::
AngeEes. Demlag. El P»*o. Xew
Orieaaa, Saw York. ( Weatbooad
arrtTcaTi»SaaJea^a;aT&a«y)... *9 25*
tt.l&r eeaMatea.Bereafacd3eMBes:i.3aa
Carle*. Bedwoed. Fair Oaks.
MealoPark. Ptlo Alto fS^S*
f-?Cr Sa^Jcse aad WarSuOoaa. ... S 35*
1 1 .JO? Soota SaaFraaclsco. MlUarae. Ber-
( tiagasie. Saa Miwa. 3<;raca^
~«o Carioa. Bedwood. F»rr Oaks,
Memo Park, aad Pmlo AH* S-4&>
«11-S3r Mayaeid. Moaasala View, i-aanj-
t »ie. Lavreace. Sas(a CUra aad
Saa Jose r34S»
A for U<>rg.!sg. P far Afuntoea.
t Saadav ool*
i iuip» at all itatfsos oa Scsdar.
rSaaday cxeepced. e Sararlay only.
r\ :» Coaat Uaa. «r Vr » -«a Joa^ala VaTJey.
17* Only trala* »toppfajr at Vaieocta at. aovtab««adl
•r« •: M*. a.. r::»»ji,:i:?J» M^»:."Crir. aad *¦*•?.«.
CALIPORiNUtHORlflWESTELH RY. CO.
SAN FRAHCtSCU ANJ Nu.-.TH PACIF12
HATLWAT COSCPAJTr.
Tioiroa Ttxrj, Toot of iLvrir: Strtt-
SAa nukJicxaco to sajt xataxtx.
AVEk^w DAYS — I:i**. »:wj. U:W> a. a.;U:*J.
3:3O. 5:10. 4:3O p. as. Thursdays — Extra tr.j
it U:% c sa.
Satnrdaya — Extra, trip at 1 :3O aad 11 :3O p. c i
SUNDAYS— «HWl »:30. 11:00 a. m.; l:3«t 3 JO, !
S:CO. •:«*. 11J0 p. m.
SA2T BATAXI, TO SJLM TKLSCXSCO,
V»LKK UAit-oiii, T:J3, ?:S0. »:20i U:U
a. ra.; 12:10 3:t0. 3:O«. 3:20 p. ex
Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:0a.asd «:J3 a.
SUNDAYS — «:&¦). »:*¦>. 11-13 a. m.; 1:ML 3:44
4:53. 5:CO. ft^3 p.- ax.
Leave j Ia Effect j Arrive
Saa FrascUcq.f Segt. 27. 130X 'Saa rraactscc.
W«ekt Sao- { Destiaa- | Saa- ) Wee*
Days. 1 days. I tloo. t days. ( Daya. i
;:M»: vto» f 9:10a; 8:44*
f 9:*>a Igaacto. :0:«4»10:»«
3:C0pt3:30p ' I «:•« p{ «:2» p
5:10 pj S:Wp \ I:SS pt
! 7:20 a t»:10aj 3:W*
8:0Ca Xomto. 10:40a!l«^0a
3:-t0p 9:30 a getalnrna. 6:u5p,*:S)p
-5:10 s 3i3O c aad. s~~ '\ 7:33 pj -
t 1 5:COp Santa. Ron- | I
T:iOal 1O:«O a, IO:T> a
[ S:0Oa Foltca. 7:35 pi 4:X> y
8:30 p? ii3O* [____
i F * VTisdsar. i
I 7:30 a !:«i ReaUsacrc 18:40 a 10:20*
| Lyttoa.
3:30 p' 3:30 p Geyserrtlle. "7:33 p <:39p
f Cloverdale. J
7^0 a! S:0Oal Hoplaad. |10:4Oa!10:2»a
3 .30 al 3:30 pj aad Uklaa. \ 7.33 pj S:tO p
; I:3Oar8^Oa^ WCHti. . 1 7:S3 p; tt:t3 ?
| 7:30 a! $:t<>«[ |10:4Oa!lOr2O a
i 3:3Opf 3:3Opr GaerHerine. | 73ipt t^9p
7:30a' 3:iOa Sosomat. 19:Ui; j:«i
3:10 p| 8:COpj Glen Ellen. I «^» p( aa&p
7:3Oa|8:0Oai 110:40 a;ld:tO a
3:30 pf 3:3Opi SefctatagcL { 7:35 p? «:3)p
| 3TAGSS coeneet at Grcea Brae far Saa
¦ Queatla; at Saata Raaa fer Walts sulphur
1 Sprtags: at Fsltoa far Altrarla and Mark Wesc
EprtBgs; at Lyttoa for Lyttoa Sprtags; at Gey-
1 service for Skargs Sprtsss: at Ctoverdale far
t Use Geysers. Boonevtlle asd Gr«eawood; at
Hoplaad fcr Dencaa Sprtags. Hlghlaad sprtags,
KtlseyvOle. Carltaad Sprtasa. So4a Bay. L*z».
pcrt aad B*rtlett Sarlag*; at UaJaa for Vlciy
EprtagSk S*r*>tcca Sprisn, Bta« Lakes. Laurel
C«U Lake. Witter eprlags. Upper Lake. Pooe.
Fetter Vafley. Joha Day's. Riverside. Llertya. '
EuckoelTs. Saahedria BetgMs. HcUvCle. Orr*e
Hot Spring*: Halfway House. Cocapteae. Oass
Stevens. HopkteJ. Meraioelao Qty, rort Bragx.
| Westport. Usal: at WUKta for Tort Bragg;
WestT^rt. Saerwood. Catto. Cfrrelio. Laytas- !
! Ttlle. Cucuaiags. Bell's Spriafs. Harris, Ol-
i Mi. Dyer. Garfcerriae. Pepperwood. 3csCa
i and Eareka.
Satcrday to Sunday roaad-trfp tlcketa-at re-
eaced rates.
Ob Sunday rooad trip tickets ta all potats
feeys&d Saa Rafael at half ratta.
Ticket oiice. 630 Ma.-k-t ttreet. dtrssid*
'BaQdlBr- -
H. C- WH1T1XO. » B. X. RTAK.
Gea. Manager- - Gea. Past Agt.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
Lea** " Ta SrarniJ* fwrj Arm*
SaaFraadaco hetrfjsrtufc SaaFnacfaco
Week t Saa- w* "" jiia, V^h"
-P*r»J rff^gSPSIllL days Days.
S 1 ?^"^^* sJ^SH IsIoaVrcTtcl
5:15f 10:0O A Tfe, gST 3:50? 5:JOf
11:00a W-$,W 4:3Op »-.3O»
l:*3r Tm&By 5:S0f
-3:lAr ~^&^' T:5Opf____
c fla»e»t eta «tsn tr • ¦ i^na mi T3Isw Bay
SCJJC t «» Majucxt ST,(.Vo«a Shore Railrcodi
tCTS2S ItadSASUuroFaUT. Foot Market Sc
BOOStS FOR HOCSEKEEFPIG.^^
ANTLERS. 415 Turk at.— Strictly mofiera. 4-3
rocia irartaiena; far- or anfur. for faakpic-
E7_E%-ENTH. 13^— Furalshei rooms fcr aocse-
keeptag to let,
EAIdHT, 002. corner Devlsadero— 3 ua*3r-
cijhed rocms: an treat a=*i sua=y;- private
family; fcr a<iTi:ts cnly.
LARSI2C. S17S — Large nne aunny furnished
room; !tp« toug^keering; gaa «tcve; refa.
MODEL HOUSE. 120»5 Stockton tt. — Newly
furaljshed r?cms. ?5-t^: batii. f*s. pbose.
SOCTH PARK. *4 — Or:e rr two rooms, nicely
f-srtUsaed. f~r hciisgkeeglrjr.
TURK. 543 2 f=rr::s-e£ rooms for housekeep-
ing: ca?. tati aza£ t>bc=e.
TVTE' s "TT-'^P"r5 ZTZ'i, nr. Dolores — 3 suany
tar'-wlr4-V rrcma; sea.t iz£ complete.
A ERAXCH ctlc* fcr Call advertisements and
sct-cr'.-ti.rns ta* te«n estaillshed at 1CM
Valerr:a rt.
Ho«a«kpsr Koonas — Apartm't Honin.
THE rtcderfcki SCI Staayia. cm. Park— Fura.
{ apa.r*.'-»r.-?: rrt- tath: gtea.-n heater: jaaltcr.
| ROOMS TO LET — Fura. and Cnfarn.
A— THE WBS3S.CBST.
Tie mest medern fcctel ia S. F.: Krgle
aad suite, titis attached: electric list: aai
ttlefhcs* la every ra.; rt^am heated; elec-
tric elevator day aai night; 75c to SI 50
day: ss«cial rates ty m>^ith. 1^C4 Mairket
«t- Take Haight. Valeric ii and Castro Cars.
! a ERUNSV.'ICK House. 143 Slxli — Roosls
Kc ts II per sight. II ZZ to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rccma: cpea all eight.
| a~ "Tie Almccte." ST> Market st. (cr No. 1
Fifth rt.) — Rocms. 23c, 50c. $1. II 50 night;
II ;<> to $19 week; house cpea. all night.
' BURNETT. 142« Market to!i No. 15«>4) — Far-
zisi.fl T'xzz*. suite, single: also cafuraiahed.
CAUFOBXZA, UM — Furiitaawi toons; gaa,
ba.Z~ and telejhese.
I CAPTKO, 241 — Pretty rczi^r front room, wita
irsj. large clcset, coai rmte; private family;
cw or two laiii*s cr g-ntl^mea; references;
(10 p*r mccth.
CLIFFORD. 2C-i EUls. cor. Masoa— Elertatly
famished tinny rocir.?; prices reasonable.
FHANKLIN. Til— N:c-'v farslshed iinnr
rconis. all frrnt; all ccav. : Jli. f!6 raonta.
1 GRAND Sct:th#m. 7th ar.d Mi«slon — Rocms 50c
to II .'*) n:jrtt; $1 to 5."5 week: rea.iing-rocm.
JE5iIE. Zd. east U. 5. Mlat — Furaished
r-.>rr.». J5 an.l »t r-^r month.
i LAGCNA anJ McAllister. Sc James Cat— Saa-
ry s:cgie rocm.
BOTAL House. 125 E*.Ua — Ircanisscent lights.
r»«.iii-S-rocm. smckiag-rccm and ladies' par-
Icr: rccms rer night, to II 50: week. 12
tj f>; mccti. I* to $30: eievatcr on grennd
fiocr: rxi3 with hot anii cc!d water: batha.
STANt-ET place. 43 — N!c*ly fnral5h*<I rcaay
rccm. suitable fcr one cr f»o gentlemen cr
rr-in a=d wir*; grat» an^l prlvi'.ege cf bath.
THE GILLESPH:. 119 Ninth— F-jr=ish*l ra.,
$1 Z*i to (2 ZQ week: transient 5>~K-'Zc n:#ht-
UNITED STATED. 12S Eddy St.. =«>ar Mirket—
4Ct> cirgie anil family rocms: 33c to II night;
II 75 ta Pi w»*k: e!»vat.:r: eleetr.c lishts;
readinsr-TOom; free fcus ard tsajrgige.
VAN NESS. SIS — Har. Iscrr.- funny furnished
EUites. a.r. I »ir;^:e rooms, ail cc=vffni«nres.
ttmOUami Betel. +4 3d *t.. rear Market—
Mest maieraeat a-j resr-<*ctab>: 7<X' rccms:
22c to fl ZC s'-Jtht: fl to 15 week: elevator: '
«><:. lirhts: r^aiiir. jr-r^ctn : fr?« b'js: b.iz~ra?».
A BSJLKCH aSBee fcr Call adv»rti«»mer:t3 a--..i
¦ iilnilHIiil I hxs teen estatiished at 1094
Valesela st.
CL> -?TFIET« edvffrtisements a=-l rabscrtpt'.'jris
r .,-^ !v^. at Ca't tntr.^h mTfke*. 2T» Ft'-l^-.cre.
ROOMS AXD BOARD.
ETETZ3CSO2* Mansior. S07 Callfamta St.— At-
trattiv-e a--l s:«htly rccrr.a; best table aai
«*rv-;?e; Lrw».*t rates.
VAN NZ5S ave.. 1714 — Private bcardiag-hous«.
bsssellte: ev«rythiag Sr«t cIjlss; sanny
suites: •ir_2-!e rc«"tn»: choice Iccaltty: ref.
ROOMS VXD BOARD WASTED.
¦VTArCTED — Tirr> nie»I!< l Ml studeats are de«ircus
ct Th.*..a:-:r.? )t--<>i b«-arri ar.a roctrs near thi
A:Sitite-i Colleges. Address 122 De Lop.? ave.
STCTTER1XG AAD ST.U1MERISG.
HXXJBOCBXZ BcHowti Van Ness-Market — Cvr*
la every cas*: iziivid-oai teachl-g: ao medl- ]
ctae IrMt::r» ints ¦nrcaderful CTires;home cure. '
TVPE"*V"RITERS AAD SrPI r LlES._
GREAT B.U".GAIXS IN TTPEWRITERS — W« |
s«H fcett*r muzht^^i fcr less ccc«y tsan any
ia C:* ctty: rentals IS. The Tvpewrit«?r
Eiccartje. K3 Cali;^rn:a: telepecce llaia 2S4.
A FEW good typewriters at C50 each: get par-
ticulars. L. 4 M. ALEXANDER. 110 Moot-
grngry at.
S>-BA3CD typearxtters scld.- re-te<l. repaired.
Tr»vn.'r T--r>-^tr-r Tn<rr~-. C-i.. -VS Market
31AHHIAGE LICENSES.
The CobowteS marriage licenses were issued
Gabriil SUtheas Jr.. 21. 41 S Eemaaa I
*tre*t. asd Mab^l J. Sean. 1<\ 912 Ellis ttzCCt. ;
3i»cric« Randall. OS. city, and Margaret i
Stewart. -"^. c:ty.
Pietro Oiambruno. 34. cli-Mi> House, and i
Teresa Rcselli. ts}. ?ix-Mi> Hatis*.
Artli'cr O'Neill, £>. city, anl Hattie La4d- ;
rich. 24. dty.
•.Hiarits A. idtuMM, 21. 2M\ Nlrth street, j
¦ad Mvrtle B. Qairev, 21. SWA Ninth street.
Abel B. FeaaelL CS, Alfclcn. Nebr.. tad I5a- !
b*l B. Aan=a 45. COM Larkin street.
Anttni'j dtl Chiar?. SB. OoffiacrtQe. and Rtsa ;
G^rr:i;-a=:. 2i» CcIIinsvEIe.
Ctoviinl B.MJK, 2*. 10fO Mc^tgornery street. ;
an! I- la. Caliyaris. 24. 1CiX> Moatgom^TT street, i
Peter J. Uilhelm. 4."?. 23t; Tiylcr street, aa<l :
Katl* S. Fisher. 2Z>. 3»S5 Sacramento stre«t-
AJSrrdc R Adaas, D 1 . N-?w Tork City, aad i
I CaCtania G. Meade. 23, 'ity.
i Matt W. Mattsr»n. 31. *CO Howard street.
' ar;i Jc*a=Jia S. Hera. .12. IOCS <"arol:na street. !
Tnoicaji J. !=w*a.rt. 21. 4C7S Eighteenth i
> »tre*t. and Cars H. Ce Pangher. I"?, CS San
; Carle- attaot.
Frederick J. Euhllaj. 21, 2*23 TireEty- i
Coerdk street, asd Ctarictte C. Neale. IS, 2AiJ '
[ Saa Brasc aTeaae.
Pru^r afcCtntr. 2-5. ?27 Mir.na street. a=d !
: Katie Fo>r. 2-i. 214 Tiird str-—t-
Edwa.r.1 L^->n Park. :T.. E*rfcei(»y. and Flor- ;
tnc* t.^an.' 1". rc> ?a-rarrj£nt.-, street.
BIETHS —MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Krti. aarriaxe aad d^th ncticea aent by
rriiJ wlil cct b« Irjertwi. Th«>- ow b« haa«l*i
' in at e:t=*r cf th« pnJiiication- afCees aad be
icdorsiMl with the came and r*»i.ii»nce cf p«r-
ni autacrlxed to tave the same publishes.
EOEN.
t CLOLGK- In ti:« city, <3ct.-,be^ £3. 1500. ta
th* wif» o£ C2lar!*3 A- Cl'TOgh. a daaghtir
; HERMANN— In this city, October 2TJ. i»iT ta !
the wife cr Samuel Hermana, a ten. ¦ i
PIXCrs— Ia ti's city. Octcb«r 15, 1D0O, to th* I
«rtT« cf S;I Pleeei. a sea.
SHEA— la AIa=«da. October 13. 1003. to the
wif,. of H^nrr w. Sb-*. » «;n. ' j
Brcwa. Jam.?s Kaowttsa. Fredrick
Brown. Jjan A. Lisdsay Jf-s C 1'
Caligaa. William UeGotn. Jcha W
Cclria. Hugh J. Mscsarrat. Melville
Corcoras. Anna M«yi*. Ac-eitn*
Carl«y. Aant* J. ¦ Mallan*y. Michael
DemartinU Anna t**^ Henry M.
D*cnis. Margxrei Randall. Mary J
Durtia. Jcsepa Ravani. JlarU "
Gartfaer. Jcha Samuels, Rose
Gnc*. Calvia W. ff<h.>i«T. Abraaxa
flares. P^f tsail C. S*aill*r. Alice iL
Hiriagtcn. I> . -a Taomaa. FTrrrmn
Kurd. Mariaa B. Welch. Abraa G
BT.OVTS— Ia thia city. October 27. 13C3, James
Erown. b*:oved basbaad of the lsu> Br< Ixet
Erowa. asd loving father of John, liirk
James aad Taemaa lircwa. a catlve of
Cocnty Oalway. Ireland. ag?<i ea years
tTFrieais and actjTialatances are respect
f-allv invited t» attend the faaeraj to-mcrr^ir '
(Thnrs.iay>. at 8:30 o'clock, from ku lat« •
residence. 7 Gilbert street, therice to St. i
Rcse's Ctcrch. wfcer* a requiem h^h maas
win b<e celebrated fcr th* repose cf his *oui
%z i o'clock. Istermest Holy Croaa Ceme-
tery.
BEOWX — la this city, Octcber ig. IWSt, John
A., dearly beloved feastand of A=u-:ia E.
Brcvn, beloved aoo of Toomu and. Bridget
Dtllca. acd brctaer of ths late Matthew.
Katl* asd Nellie Erawa. aad coa of tae Ute
Jcha D. Brwrs. a a&tlve of Saa Fraactsco.
ty Friecda aad aequaistaacea are resp«ct-
f=liy invited to attead the fuaeral to- marrow
<Ttors.lay). at 8:3O o'clock, from his late
residence. T24 .Fourteenth street, tixeace to
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(SscceMcrt to Flanaagaa ft Gallaraex)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
CO nrta *t.. cssoette Llacola Sctoooi.
Telennoce Scata SJk
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
Fttaeral Directors aad Embalmers -
Formerly la Metrepolttaa Tempi*.
Now at «« MISSION. Tei. Soata 1«7.
Between Fourta and Fifth, near Ftfta st.
riaeat E^:smestj at Moderate Batea,
EST XTE—CTrr-^FOn^J ALE.
¦ __— -
ilACISCN * EU3KE, SO 5ICNTGQMERT ST.
-'.T Ari"" 1O*» T AT ALTdiu^ .
HXTTlAOP-DINAIlT
AT AtTCTION! AT AUCTION!
*Vfc5JNXSI>AY. . . crrCBHK 2STH. 13C3.
At ccr «a:esrxm. Z> Mjctgomery ft..
At 12 o'clock, pscs.
SALE C=" EEXJQCT PP.OPEI1TIKS TO
CLOSE THE ESTATE CF SILAS M_ LOCKE.
DECEASES.
r 4^. I 1
> c»
a n
ifxF-KET ST.. AOJOZ3CX3EO COP-NER OF
KASO3C.
1034 — Market st., bet. Masca aai PcweU. aa
crpcrtuaity cf a lifetlase ta iavest la tie
choicest cS £aa Fraaclsco realty. Very center
cf retail <lirtrict. Ansoa.1 rect (3SC0.
Errr st.. one clock from market.
I2J to 125 Kiiy St.. b*-t. Mason and Taylcr.
D:r*ctly la lire cf realty grewth. Pr-»e=t
inccm* J-O30 t*r aaaom. TT-is prcyerty
mhould be immediately imprcv*<l.
COEXTH ON MISSION ST.
* V. . ear. Mission st. »-fl Grand ave . bet.
Ni=ta and Tenth sta. Ttis Iccatira !s
rteai^y tr-creaairg ta value. Let 2S:txlOO.
Present ¦r.aral tscome (UA: caa be ia-
cr*esed.
TKIRO-ST. Pr.CFEKTT.
Aa rrdfvtieil *i interest la tnis prcprty. 1>-
cat»d en we«"lia* of Thirl «t_. bet. Braaaaa
aad Townseai; 137:€xlO la Rit-a ft.: two
• f rcetage*.
TEFJ4S AT FALE.
Fcr catal?e"-e* and particular" arc'y ta
MADISON A. BfRKS.
-'-'¦¦'- ' 3O Mrntgcmery St.
EXJLDQrAKTKES FOR P.CP.K LOTS.
Nevirr oefcre TV'ere Lots 5v:l* S<> Fa?t'
V"ty? Because ti*y are cacicest aai cheapest.
•500 to $1200 — Every Ict rrsuied fcr buUiu:?
fr- --'r^ boulevard, jajrit. oc^an zjr.i cars; cn-
ofcetru'-ted ccean view from every lot: don't
fclss tiis ecr-crtarity fcr targains: *ee them
$73 to $300 — Near cark a=i cceiz.; S3
Ecr-ti::-.
Oe«asa:*e Era=-h <"»f5c» rn 43t!S av». ari K.
ez. Or--n >u=.lar'-
*Z"H ti S:C'"rt— v.w loci tn S.un District;
fraiei and seweree: near car*: Jii> meataly.
Sunset Erasch OC&ea oa 9tb »¦,¦>., N?ar H st.
S1S0. $20<> *-i %Z>*> — Le\»! Exc*:«i^r H.5me-
stf-ail lots; n^ar eiectnc "ars. tj rr.cs.zhly: .
noCO. $1200. $3300 csd $3000 — t. 5. 5 aad S
Tvrrz. m;<iem <-;.t:iir«>s ar..i h^^!#s ia Suas^t.
Ricimocd. Or^ais !•* and Ex elafior Ilume-
stead'. AU bargains? Eaay terrr^.
SOL. GETZ A BO3T. Owners an.i r^alers.
React 5*. Carodde Eciidiag.
ttOBESSS cottar?*; fr.ished ccrrptete wita
every eeomiesoe; ea£y tirms: larre lets.
< rrcm*— $T**
€ rocs* — I.tTSO.
t ~vrr.* — RMt
<J r-jcr== — J * •
7 ro.:r=s — Jtl- >\
S rcc=»— UStvy.
Located cs Firrt *z.£ 5*coci it?., b*t.
G*ary irsJL McAllister st. cart vxJ cne tCock
__=orth eC cark. F. 8CXUBO3C bcilier.
J -::i"H STR-\C3. «T20 MirkTTrZ
$21C«. — Oor, Tty^aty-flfai ani WlnaciuaTa «-s. :
r^w fgffUl of 4 ronme. bath ani tis*meat;
good latatk>c fcr grocry: $C:a> gd»U HZ mcath.
SIT!/ 4 — Fine -<¦» cctt.ts* ci 4 riorsa. bata arui
»*e»m»-j: $3Cf> dovs, $15 a mccti: XTaccaiia
zt.. r»eer TV»nrv-firti.
S24 ¦"¦ — Kc?» <ff 2 flats a=d art!-?: Hwne-t,
r»ar *C3»; vlctutty Mucs aad FlTt>c»rt rt«.
BABGAIN— Two bardicme r*w rea: fences cf
¦ rcrr.s EBd tail:: stirtny. n->lem azi ea ta
4ate '.a every particular; Nob. 1W5 aad 9r3
Claytca er. -ear Gtides Gate Purlt. priea
IS 0 i-i tarr. acpty R. D. CRANSTON
* IU M-:r:ty;=«ry rt.
%Zim- — COllA.CC 4 rr=j. rn M-ultri- st_.
aw t* eaid to settle estate: a:s> <rctto?e.
4 r. and b.. ITS N«»%ada ave.. J:^«- <i—x~u z±L
tyrmj D. COFFIN t CO.. rSXl H:ss!r. ft!
FOR «n:<? — i."?->-^re lets en' Uillirm* r:»at ••¦=¦«•
<r-?rr boase attca MABX La.ve. ;:?; n '¦—'.
gDeocry Ft.
E11LD cr. your c::3:frOTri r<?»Ity; wt 'oa.a
RtH cost txBfror. ani part ict at e p*r «=t.
M.»VHaTTaN LOAN ca. Crcck»r tclMta*.
FTNZ i^at Cats ca PalMC rear City Hair
r»«scrat>. taccb« :t2 Pu:t-n «t.. eiiw.
REAL ESTATE— Coaatry For -siTeT
IN St. He>^a — & acres chair* Uni. 5-rocm
hocs«, w;-e cellar aad ln:i>rov*tr,»t:U; 1000
Tt2«» ar.<I scm* mftajg; jrlce tZ^H. Apply
to a. MIDDLJ^TAg. 413 FTjSt tt.
$19 X MONTH bcya a tee-ecre firm r»?Iv»
cule» >">''' S»rr»=!*c;o: write tor b-«- ¦•.:«!¦
tfs free. 'WRIGHT ft KIMEKOUGH, €03
J it-. Sacrxrr.»r.to. Ca^r-mia.
jy yoc wxst a etcck rxrra. ¦ialrr rx ~a\>x±zx-
f.rs. tract, write CKA? TT COS & CO.. 43
tTert Sart* at.. San Jos*. CaL
aZtXEFa" Ian-is. 7-xi rancH-a. crchai-i».
Tts^yxnls: JnsrJected barralns: motrthly cata-
logae* se=t free. C. II. BOOSTER CO.. US
Market »t.
TCP. reentry a=i <alry rtr;che« v!»:i!-«; a r»S
rrof-t ITAyn.TON & KENDP.rrr-C.r>ts!u=sa.
POIXT RICHUOSD DX.U, ESTATE.
MANXTACTTHrNO site. 4 a^res, locate-! n
both £a:ta Fe i?.i S-^ctaern Ps.et2; rc«is:
most available «tte for niaaufictsrias pur-
poses ea tiis eide cf th# bay; price very
r»a.socahle. For prie» tsj fuU Ic'arraatian
•ee J H. XACDOXAU) * CO. It.C2 ErcaJ-
way. OakU^d.
WATEH frcct lets *r>! bargii-s: all tract* ;
c*:s rhrtcw »tf. ESI,L 417 Parr?tt f.<it.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY UEAX ESTATE.
$15CO — ONE acre near ftatioa aad schocl; graai
iocatios: caa gnars.-t<Ni a ttir bargain.
tSOCO — A rood ll-pooci hous*. etabie, fruit trwes
asd 3 lots iadc4e<J: 3 Mocks from train;
1 block frsm electric cars.
a:*o lets fcr sale ia tie VTi*»>- Tract.
Bfrrr-Btsft Tract. Ostral Park Tra-t. Mir-
Tnct. Kariy Tract. Graves &. Taylsr Tract.
Daley Scene Pxrfc tract fcr casa cr ca euy
terrrg.
L. J. KOPJOC i CO..
— SI Eiattc;k ave-. Berkeley ttatlpg.
J. 1. MASCN.
Real Estate aad lascrxace Agest.
Caciw Prcperty a Sreeialtr.
tZ. eer. Ec»trsex are. a=d Ceater at.
ru-kgTey. CaL
OAKLAND ADFERTISEME.NTS
CFFTCE, 1118 BE0ADWAY.
OAKLAND REjIX ESTATE.
•25CO— CO2CPC STABLE cottage, wtta bay-
w^aow aal tlga fcafeme&t; lot 140 feet
**«C: Cae, large bars, gravel drtrrway; tlce
teigibcrhooil; gtreet wcrk all dca*: «.bcv«
fcaaPibiO ave. ; terms i* yoa like. GcX>. W.
cr J. S. 3XTEES. 10C2 Droadway.
~T P- 3. JtcSAT.
E.**l Ectate aa<l Iniaraaee.
H^se P^=ti=r. Rests Collected.
E*rrxi=s Ccsctastly ca H*=4-
14H Ee vesta Et.
' lrEST "Vv* 40 ; "»»ea acejrtsaeats; lacotae JT»
S*t BcJ: ; j=o<lera imjjrcve=»ats: wladraiU
ITOCO. l^^ m c,^
Mcdera hous*. 4 rat.; stable; Mason & Ham^a
.^ nS ' T> "" T * i; g- *^ Oraage gt.. Oaklaad.
O a K I. «XD reajflTCHE FOR SALEL
TO-KOKRO-wr U^ELTfcrEar^la. la ££T-
tsr>. H. ScaeLhaaa. llth at..ccr.etxg«.Oakliid.
SPECIAL , XOT1CES.
BCOTHERS— Drink Cof-farta regularly and
I2L r .?*r r Vw a= t, <I:xiMrtllSC »d be all rlgat:
HTT Ilif iA H T ~ *aa t=« old maa. aad
ealf ycer troetiea wia cease.
0CZAS" TBAVEL.
e Steamers leave San Fras-
eisco as fellows:
For Ketchlkaa. WrangeL
Jaaeaa. Haines, Skaguay,
etc. Alaska— 11 a. m.. Oct.
JX 28. Nov. 2. Cfcaags to
company's steamers at 5e-
For Victoria. Tiacoor«r.
Port Townaend, Seattle. Ta-
coma. Everett. Wtatccm — II a. m.. Oct. 2».
Nov. -2. Change at Seattle to this company* s
steamers fcr Alaska and G. N. Ry. : at Se-
attle cr Tacoma to N. P. Ry. ; at Vancouver
to C. P. Ry.
For Enrek* (Hamboldt Bay) — Pomes*. 1:30
p. m.. Oct. 31. Nov. 6; Ccrosa. 1 :3O e. m..
i Oct. 2S. Nov. 3.
For I^s Angeles (via Port Lcs Aagvles aad
Redoedo). Saa Diego and Saata Barbara—
1 Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. xa.
State cf California. Tharsdays. 5 x. ra.
For Lc« Angeles (vta Saa Pedro aad East
Saa Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Cm. Mon-
terey, Sa.a Simeon. Cayuccs. Pert Harfortl (saa
; Lais Oblsco). Vcntsra aad Hueoenie.
Coos Bay, 9 a. a.. Nov. 1.
BoRlta. 0 a. m.. Oct. 23. Nor. 5.
Fcr Ecsesads. MagdaUaa Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Maiatlaa. Altata. La Pax, Saata Rr-
sella. Gsarmai (lies.). 10 a. m.. 7th of eaca
moath.
For farther Information, obtata fotder.
Rlgat is reserved to change steamers or saQ-
lag dates.
T1CKJST O77XCX3— 4 Xew Montjoia-
ery street CPalaoc Hotel). 10 Market street aad
Broadway wharvee. .
Freight ofac*. 10 Market street.
C. D. DUNANN. General Passenrer Agent.
10 Market street. Sen Francisco^
O, /?. &N. CO.
"Coirabla** sails Oct. 20. 3a Nor. 9 U 29
Dec. 9. 1». 29- "Gecrge W. Elder" sill» 'Oct.*
23 Nov. 4. 14. 21 Dec. 4. 14. J4- Only »tean:-
ahip Un« to POETLAXD. OR, and ahort rail
line from Portland to points East. Ttnrsji
tickets to all potats. all rail or steamship aad
rail at LOWEST RATES. Steamer ticx«ts ta-
clcde berth aad =-aU. Steamer sails foot of
Spear nt. at 11 a. m. S. F. BOOTH. Oea.
Agt. Fan. -Dept.. 1 Montgomery sc; C. CLIF-
FORD. Gen. Agt. Freight Dept.. 3 Montgomery.
'TOYO RISEN KAISHA.
PORTENT AL STEAMSHIP CO->
Stesznera wtll leave wharf, corse- Firrt and
SnsBis streets, at 1 p. nx. for YOKOHAMA
an.1 HONGKONG. caUisg at Kooe (.Htogo).
Nagasaki and Shanghai, and cocaectlag at
Honrkoar steamers for IadU. etc Jf»
car*o rect^eti oa board oa cay of falllag.
S. S. AMERICA MARC .....T.
Tuesday. November 10 1303
S. B. HONGKONG MARC
-. Tfcanday. D««mt»r 3 1303
S. S. NIPPON MARC (Callis* at Manila)
Wednesday. December 3). 1303
VU Honolulu. Round-trip tickets at reduced
rate?. For frelcht aai passace apply at Com-
pany's office. 421 Market str*»t. comer First.
W. H. AVERT. Oam-»; A«ect--
oceanics.s.co.|^7;£
S.S. SIERRA, for Honolulu. Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney. Thursday.' Oct. t». 2 p. m.
S.S. ALAMEDA. fcr Honolulu. Nov. 7. 11 a. m
S.S- MARIPOSA. for TaattL Dec. 1, 11 a. n.
tLIMSBUk II35.B, iflL.TictttiacaJ43btaai
t^t»xU3Euit.L.r!srli.7.f]s&lL
C0I7185IS 6Z5I31LX TSXFaATUUmQirX.
DIRECT LINE TO HaVRE-paRIS. ,^»«
eailing every Thursday injt<«til or ejHr'T&k
Sit-irday. a: 10 a. m.. from Pie- 42. •&«•«»
North River, foot of Morten street.
Flrst-elasa to Havre. $70 asd apward. Sec-
ocd-claw to Havre. $4.1 aad upward. GEN-
ERAL AGEXCT FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hadsca Bnllilag).
New Tork- J. F. FVGAZ1 * CO^ Psrific Coast
Ar»nts. 5 Montgr>m*rT avenc<». San Francisco
*tox* UUafl «ad Yallajo stomtn.
Steamer GEN. FRISBIE or MONT1CE1XO—
9:t3 a. ra., 3:13 and 9:30 p. a., excect Suaday.
Sunday. 9:44 a. m.. 5:30 p. m. Leave Vallejo
7 a. m.. 12:30 noon. <i s. m.. ex. Saoday. Saa-
day. I a. ra.. 4:13 p. m. Fare. SO o»tt«. Tei,
Malr. lWa. P!er 2. MUston-«t- dock. HATCH
PRO?
BATLWAY TBAVEL.
¦TO SAN RAFAEL,
SAN QUENTIN,
MILLyALLEY,
CAZADERO.ETC
via siAUsaliio F erry.
baboxbaa Serrtee. Staadar^aw Electrte-
Depart from Saa Fr»JXisco D^ny-..£. : g-
* F^OM'tAN^FA^LJd S.O» FRAN.C^g,
"•iftli^JS? A S» «, aad from Saa Qu^
MTiL VAIXET TO SAVFRAN-
CISCO— Dally— «:45. *^, ' : 5t?« $ £%k J:&
ll:2O a. m.. 12i33. 2KKX 3^15. 4:00. a»a. 6.W.
I:Ofi - * W ' 1O 4S5t»l»H TRAINS.
8:00 a. m^, week days — Caaadera aad way
statloBS. "
5:13 p. si., week daya (S*taaaays ftxeepted>—
Tomales aad way statlca*. *
3:15 p. c Satardaxt— Cazadero aad way
stations. . .
Foodays onijr — 10 a. m.. Point Reyea aad way
stations. JUiiiiWii w|rfi*» ' i'"iW^fj8 el BBB
- TICKET OFFICE — «2« Market st.
FEBBT— Ucica Dcsct. fact cf Market tt.
Mission Dclcr»s Caurch, wters a requiem
high raaaa will be celebrated for the repcs#
of fcia souL commencta* at » o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cenietery.
CADIGAN-2-In thU city, October 25. 1903, "Wil-
liam Cadlgan. brother of Mrs. Fred Land of
Tacc-na, and nephew cf Joha Moynlhan of
Saa Francisco, a native cf County Cork. Ire-
Land, aged 28 years.
atTTrtenda and acquaintances are respect-
fully lavttsd to attend the funeral to-<lay
? Wednesday), at 8:15 o'clock, frora the par-
lors cf Carew & English. 2» Van Ness ave-
nae, thence to St. Brield's Church, where a
requiem h!rh mass will be celebrated for the
repose cf tis aauL commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Hoty Cross Cemetery.
COLVIN* — In til* city. October 23. 1903. Hag a
J.. Jmsfcand of Mary M. Colvin, and father
of Edward J. Colvin and. Mrs. Alice A. Ben-
nett, a native of Glasgow, Scotland, aged *2
years 7 months and 7 days. A member cf
California Lodg-> No. 1. F. and A. M.. and
Vetena Firemea's Association of Saa Fraa-
cisco.
ET'TSe faaeral services will taks place
Wednesday. October 2S. 1003, at 2 o'clock, at
Masonic TVsaiple, under the ausptc#« of Cali-
fornia Ledge No. 1, F. and A. M. Intar-
. meat Mount Olivet Cemetery. Remains at
tie carters ol Carew _ 4 English. 23 Vaa
Ness aveaue.
CORCORAX— In this city, October 27. ISOC*.
Anna, dearly beloved mother cf Annie aad
Lizzie Corccran, daughter of D. Meyer, aa<i
sister of Mrs. C. Scholl. Mrs. O. Strohmeter
aad Miss Lizzie Meyer, a r-ative of San
Francisco, ax~d 33 years S months aad 7
days.
E7 Remains at the cariors cf H. F. Sahr
A- Co.. 1137 Mission street, between Seventh
and Eighth.
I CtTRLET — Ia this crtr. Octcber 26. 1903. An-
nie J.. beloved wife of Johs. Curley, daugh-
ter ct Patrick aad Armie McGowan. aad
listsr cf Mrs. Gecrse Parker and the law
Jchn MoGowaa. a native of Pennsylvania.
C7"Fri*-.d3 acd acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
1 Wednesday), at li> o'clock, from the parlors
of the PaciSc Undertakers. 777 Mission
street, thence to St. Rosa's Church fcr ser-
vices at 10:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
t DEMARTIXI— la this city. October 23. 1903.
Anna D*martini. belove<i wife of the late
Girolamo Denzartini. and mother of Jotra,
Frank. Louis, Paul. James and Liizle De-
snartinl, Katie Bigmotti. Annie- Cajstagnettl
aad the late Maria Tiscomia, a native of
Italy. ag*d S3 y^ars and 8 months.
(nTTrierds aad act;uaintance» are '.reapect-
fully invitetl to attend the iuneral to-day
<TVednesday). at 10 o'clock, from lt?ll 3an
Jcse aiemje. thence to Corpus Christ! Church,
wber^ a requiem high mass will be eel<?bra;*i
for the reDose of h^r scul. commencing at
10:30 o'clock, and from there at 2 o'clock
for tfca New Italian Cemetery.
i DENNIS— In tiis city. October 2*5. 19CH. Mir-
raret. dearly beloved wife cf Mic>-a.M Den-
r.i3. mother of Michael T. D-anLs. Mrs. J. J.
McCuilcugh and the late Mrs. E. M. Law-
rence c* Golden Gate. Cal.. and sister of
Patrick Ciircrciny? of San Frarscisoo, Michael
Cumiriiags of Massachusetts. Mrs. Thomas
Whaten of Portland, Or., anil the lats John
Curaminps cf Santa Rcsa an.l Timothy Ctim-
1 mings cf Saa Diego, a native of County
Cork. Ireland, aged So rears. 1 Portland.
Massachusetts aad San Diego capers please
copy.)
C^ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Thursday.
October :». 19CJ. at »:#> o'clock, from the
fun<?ral cariors cf Valente. Marinl & Co..
I7£l Stockton street, thence to St. Mary's
<PaaIist) Church, California and Dupont
streets, Trrere mass wili b« celebrated for
the recede cf t»r soul, crmmeacirur at 10
o'c!o»?k. theric* to Southern Pacific depot.
Third and TD-wrs«*nd streets, for ll:3u
o'clock train for interment ia Holy Cross
Cemetery.
i DC'P.BIN— In tfeta city. October 27. 190B. Jo-
S'ph Durbln. father of Jceer-fc. G>orve and
Mcrriii D-jrbia. Mrs. C. Dynes and Mrs. Al-
bert Rightcn. a native of Kentucky, a-r^i t57
I ears 7 months and 21 days.
• GARDNER— In the City and Ccunty Hospital,
October 27. 10V2. John Gardner, a native of
Germany, .ts-i 40 years.
' GRACE— In this city. October 27. 1>XJ. Cal-
via Welling, beloved sen cf Mrs. Alice Grac*.
a native of California, aged S years 2 menths
and 7 diy^.
CTFripaiis and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to atts=.d the funeral W«?daes-
day. Oct:ter ISO.1. at 2 o'clock, from th*
residencf cf his moth»r, 342 Shotwell street.
Interment Cyuress Lawn Cemetery.
; HARES— In this city. Octciwr 27. 1903. Regi-
nald C. Hare?. N?tov«*i son of R. C and the
lat» Mrs. R. C. Harts, and brother of Charles
and WiUIain Hares of Morgan HtH. Santa
Clara rounty. Cal.. a native of West Vir-
ginia, aged -i years.
; HARIXCTON— In Santa Crus. Oetoher 2*. 13«L
L.3tilsa Brngbaetaa, widow of the late Douglas
MoiTat Harlasrton. and beloved mother of
Henry. Ade!e. Fr-eti. Arthur and George Har-
ringtir.. a native of Prince Edward Isiaaii.
age-i nSl years.
Cr Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited tc attend the funeral eervicea
\Vedne*lay. Octob-r 28, la«x;. a: 2 o'clock, at
St. Paul's Eriscopal Ch'irch. comer cf Four-
teenth and Harrison streets. Oakland. Re-
mains at the und»rtaki"s parlcrs of Lettch
Sc Hsn-iersoa, ST* Broadway. Intera^»nt pri-
vate. 1
• HITP.D — Ia this city, October 21?. 1D«1. Marian
Bruaton. beloved daughter of Thomas and
May Herd, and sister of Olive, Naylcr aad
Ma Ballanger asd Tlllie. Lettie, William and
Kildreta Hurd. a native of aaa Francisco,
aged 1 year.
C^Frier.iis and a«?quaintanc*s are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Wednes-
day. Oct3b«r 23. UiOrt. at 1 o'clock, froca the
residence of hor parent*. 2214 LarkJa street.
IntPrmeat Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
' KELLY — An anniversary solemn requiem hlirh >
mass win be celebrate for th* repose of the
soul of the late Michael Joseph Kelly at £t-
Dctninic'* Church. corn«r Bush and Steiner
street*. Thursday morning. October 23, at 3
o'clock. FrUnda are invited to attend.
KNGWI/T0N— I-i this city. Octeber 27, 1DC.X
Fredrick II. Knowlton. beloved huaband of
Catherre Katfarttoa, aad father of R.iy
Kafvwltca. a native of Granby. Canada, aged
33 years 6 months ani 21 days. iQuebec,
Caj-.a'ia. raoers rlease cooy.>
LINI>6AT — In P.eno. Nev.. October 23. 13OC5. ,
Mrs. C. M. Lir.dsay. beloved mother of Mra. ;
J. Johnson acd Mrs. William Waltx, a na- \
live cf England. age-J 73 7ears. .¦
C^Natlce of funeral hereafter.
¦ McGCIRE — In this city, October 27. XVKl. at
th« parents" r»sl-i«n<r*. 222 Gates street. Ber-
nal KsishL*. J\->hn \\~.. beloved infant son of
Frank J. and Alice M. McGuire. a native of
San Fraactso?, aged 1 mar.th and 20 days.
1 KOXSARRAT— Ia Beimcnt. Cal.. October 2*. '
l'jd. MelvilieM.. beloved sen of Julian and
Clara Mcn*arrat, a native of Honolulu. H_ 1..
aged 17 years.
CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
ful; y invited to attend th* funeral s*rvie»s
to-day (Wednesday^, it 2 o'clock, at the
parlors cf tJ 1 * Western Addlticn Funeral '
Dtrectors. l~-i Devi?arlero str»et. between
Satter uid Bush. laterment H">no!ala, H. I.. ,
en arrival ot steamer leavlrig San Francisco
Thnr>Hiay. October 2O. l&H.
' MOTLE — EnterM into rent, suddenly. Ia Xew I
Tork, Octcber 17. 1303. AnjctUa* Moy>. b*- i
loved mother of Robert B. Moyle. Ar.n% S. ¦
Mori". Mrs. E. C Bind. Mrs. J. M. Selbert '
and ifr>. J. K.tj Drouck, age.l «2> years aad
§b months.
C7Tri»nds and acquaintances are Invited :
to att*n-i the runerxl services frcm her late j
r"»siaence, ¦;-¦'.<> P*.cl3c «v»n-je. Wednesday, j
October 2S. at lt>;3o o'clock. Pteue ocait
• Sowers.
ML'LLAXET— la this city, October 27, 13CU.
at 141 Ccrrtlastl av*na», Michael D., beloved
busta=J of Margaret llaUar.ey. and beloved !
s<:n of Catherine and the lat* Anthony Mul- I
; + -¦-.. a native cf PittsfieM. Mass., aged 4t I
years.
; PAGE — In ffefa city. Octcber 2»5, iwn. Henry j
M.. beloved husband cf Annie Page, and ]
father of J»wi! and Arthur I*ags, aged 37 ]
year? 2 mentij and 20 .fey*.
CTThe furtera! will take plicn to-day :
tW.'cda**iiay>. at 3 o'cinck. from the parlcrs
of Car«w t- Ersliih. 23 Van Ness aveaue. j
Interment O«ld FelTows' Cfnwery. %
\ RANDALL — In this city. October 27. 13C3.
Mary Jaae RaadJt.'l. beloved wife of J. W. '
Randall, ami tsotaer of Frank Randall aad j
tae late Fr*! Randall, a native of Maine, ,
aged S3 years aad 2 days.
RAVANI— In this city. October 25. 19C3. Maria 1
Ravani. beloved wtfe of the l*t* Leonardo
Ravani. ar.i beloved tent of J. A. and Wil-
Ham ?pinettl. Mrs. S. BrLzzolara. the lato
Michael L. aad Racheie Sptnetti. Mary Gaar-
aslla a=d Irfurtam Bacigalapt, a. native oi
Italy. a?»tl 85 yfars.
C7Frtead» an>i acqaitataEces are resect- '
fally invited to attend the fua-nl Wedn-s-
day, October 28. laO3. at fl o'clock, from her
late residence. 1310 Duront »tr««t. thence tj
Bts. Peter and Paul's (Italian) Church, where
a requiem high masa will be celebrated fo-
the r*pcs# of her soul, commencing at 9:30
o'clock. Interment Holy Cress Cemetery by-
It :30 train frcra Thin! and Towtsead streets.
Pl»ese emit Cowers.
! SAMUEX6 — In this city. October 2«. 1303. Rose
Eucscii, b«lcvcd wtf* cf the late S«U;
Samuels and mother of Mrs. Ray Marks.
Mrs. Jenaie Elsasser. Mrs. Hattte SchJilwd,
Mr». Sarah Meyers. Mrs. Lily Westpfcal aaii
Michael. Isaiore an<l Sam Samuelj. a native
0: Broraberz. Onrany. aged 81 years.
CT Friends aad acquaintances are respeet-
folly tnvit^l to attend the funeral W<dn<a-
JEg: Dr.R.L.Walsh
/ *# . x j at k!s ftrser iflctj .
*» * 847 Geary. St
IL-irt y i ? }«iiu Jtniin HaH
Reduced Rates for Thirty Days
Painless Extraction ...... 25c
nilinjs. .; 50c
Crown* $2.00 to S3.00
Plate Work . . . $5.00 to 625.00
(COX 70S T213 ISl SACS 0IEI3 CaI.
day. October 2S. at 10 o'clock, from her Ute
re»li»ace 52 Valparaiao street. Intenaest
HUlf of Eternity Cemetery by 11:30 trala
from Third and Towasend streets.
SCHETER — In tola city, October 27. 1908.
Abraoac* Scaeler. beloved ensoand ct Aaaie
Scceier. father of Balsa B. and Harold
Scaeler. and brotner of Mrs. McKlaley
Mitchell of Portlaad. Or., and Mrs. Emlle
Bretdenbaca of Lc« Angeles, a native cf Saa
Francisco, aged 4a years.
SE IDLER — In tars elty,- October 27. 1903.
Alice May, yooagest daughter of Jasues and
Alice Seadler, a native of California, aged 1»
years.
THOMAS— Ia thia city. October 26. 1903.
Eauna. beloved wife of G. W. Ttcnias. and
mother of Alvtnese Taoeas, a native of Aa-
bora. Cal.. aged 39 years S months and 7
days.
C7 Friends znd acquaintances are respect -
fuiiy invited to ettead-tbe funeral services
to-day (.Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, at ner
tat* residence. 313 N'istn street, betweea
FoLsoin and Harrtscn. Iaterment Crpress
Lawn Cemetery, by carriage.
WELCH— In East Oakland, October 27. 1900.
at 1279 Eleventh avenue. Abram G. Welch.
fataer of Cftarfes J. and F.rama D. "Welch,
a native cf New Tork. aged 83 years aad 11
montaa.
j 3UJEWAT T^ATSL.
f CALIFORNIA |
I LI SITED TO CHICAGO
I Lurts O and 37* aad Thsrsdara I
fl at 9x3O a. m-, throagh Ia 9 day*, I]
I B wtth d I a »r aad ail tra p p La g «. j J
Other Santa Fe Trsina:
I^** 8 **' toe Stccktoa. Ftetso, Bakw«fiaU«
T^i*"^?" aaerced. Haafard aad ViaalU.
w:\M p. ex. 1
4.0C 9. a. for Stscktoa.
1 :00 e. ax. for Xxsjxs Clry, Gtxad Caarea xsi
Ckteactti
Ticxar Omci: Ml SCarVet 3t.. aad Tarry
Dvpot. 9. F. Alao 11U B.-oiiiraj, Oa>>
tud.Cal.
TJ5XTED STATUS BHATTCB.
STATEMENT
toy tils
COOTOTIOS A231> AIT AXES
Helvetia Swiss
FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY •
OF ST. OAIX,. TS THS RSFCBUC OT
Sw:t**rUsd oa ti* 3ttt day of Deoeber.
, a. D. 19C3. aad for tae year eadlac on taas.
1 day. aa cade to taa Iaaisaace Cnmrr'.txSzaser
ef taa Star* of Ca.ifor^ia. pursuass ta tae
. prcvlsioca of sectloss GO aad (Cl of t£« P*~
; llt^al Cc«f*. ecadessetl as per hftrY fsralsaed
1 ty tat t*''-'vrm'**i'F*~*~ t
AS3ST3.
Cash If xrkst Vals* cf an Stocks
aad Boe£a owned by Ccasaay 1G8.433 TS
Casa ta Compasy"» O£3e» 2.131 97
Cuh taBtsk* =.330 ti
Isterest due aad accrued ca aU
Stocks aad Leacs 4.730 CO
! Presxtasv ta £a» Coarse of CbHee-
tloa 5.14S LJ
: Commlsstecsa en Retsra PiemfoaM
aad B«lsscraaee .... 1O1I
T«al Assets ..SS41.Q0 T»
XJAB1LXTTE3. m
: Tnn— ad^ssted aad S3.9Q <9
Looses ta yijcaae of Adjastaieat or
la S«s5«*e 1.TT9 »
* Losses resisted; toeiadlag excesses.. 3.42= 08
Gross jreaiiursj oa Fir* Risks nta-
sizs one year or less SG^13S U;
reiarzraace SO per eect SX.CM IT
Gross pnaisi ca Flr« Risks ria-
«*^g mere tsaa oca yea--. $33.-
1C<> 43: retascraace pro rata. T.X113 33
C^-m-a'rrj aod Brokerag* dse aad
ta become <fae .................. 1.94.1 7*
1 AD ctaer HrsUU2«s 1P7 a
Tctal LlaaUitlea .... taa.731 T4
Net cash aetsaHy received far Ftre
pretalsase 170,23 79
: Becetved for laterert asd drvtdeede
on Boads. Stocks. Leans aad froca
tress aH otaer soorees 201717 X3
Received fraa aU ot^er aocrccs.... S3.C89 1J
Total tiwri* _ .<Us.04« 14
EXPO Ull'LK g-S.
; Net asMoaa paid for F!r» Leases
(jscfsdlag $27,131 33. leases of yr*-
TtooiT«an) Kl V* U
Paid or allowed far Ccssaisatati er
Brokerage ---- 31.904 Cl
Paid for Salaries. Teee acd otaer
caarges far afSeers. eXeTka. etc.. 2.730 C*
Paid for State. Xafio&ai aad Local
t|TM .......A 6.131 '"'I
¦ All otaer payseats aad ezTeaditare* 43.383 S7
Total Ezpeadltsrea S133.3S1 C3
\ lUsks and Pr«— •¦***** m-rm B^aks. Pr«missia>
Net araoest of Risks'
wrltua dsrtzx tae
year H.GXSSS S3S.4CA «
Ket assocat •-' Bisks
expired d«- -r tae
year S4.S1&M4 440.607 34
Net a=»«=t la force
rXCTOfttr 31. 190S. T.«g,943 aS.304 f
ffAift^ R. WE£i> (af Weed & BCsrtaedyl.
Maaagrr.
E^beert^cd asd *wera ta before rr.- HOa 23t>
'¦ 4ay ef Jaaaary. 1X3. T. FT3H3SCX.
Notary Puailo. -
I SYZ & CO.. General Agents.
308 CAUf ORXtt STREET.
STATEMENT J
OF THS
CONDITIOH AND AFFAJBS
O? THE
Rhine and Moselle
FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY
OF STRASSBTTRO. G£R3fANT. ON THI
Slst day cf Deeesser. A. D. 1302. aad tsr
tae yvar «adiaf oa that day. as smde to ;i«
laxsraace Coaarissicaer cf ta- State cf Call-
toraia. punsaat to tise-provtsioas ef sections
•10 and Cl of the Political Code. eoadeas*4
as per blank farai»»«rj by tie Com tt 'wooer:
CAPTTA1-.
Aasocat of Capl^l Stock, paid 39
la Casa 4 «**<»}«
- AS3STS.
B«al EjMte cwtied 6y Cctngasy....! 2S7.30OJ*
Lcaas ca Besoms aad Msregagce 24LI0O0*
Cajh Itarket V.v;ue ef aU Stocks
arl Pttt-'t owsad by ComgaTty... CS3.I23 Tt
Cash la Co=p«iiy's Or2c« ... eV*41-»S
Cash la Baaks 149.132 v~»
Iaterest <i-« >ad accrued oa an
StccSa aad Loa=* U.853 «
IsterMt <Jae aad aecraed ca Beads
asd Mortgage*... 1.433 $>
P-ernluias ta doe Coarse of Collec-
tion "••••• *4.279**
*>»• tnsa. other Caeipealee for R»-
tastxraace oa tiosscsi already paid. C2=» S3
Total Ajaet».. .............. .....jLaiZWJ 33
UABTLITITS.
Lessee adjusted aad aapald $ 1%J33 77
Loaces ta procesa o« Adiast=eot er
ta Suspense - »SS
Losses reaisted. t=du<ii=g expessea. C33M
GroM presiicasa oa Fire RJaksrsa-
zisg cae year or less. SU3.373 S2;
rtuaonsc* 50 P«r «=t 2TT.e»n
Cress presfcisss ea Fire Risks ra-
nia* nwre tisaa one year. *3*.- — __--»
Cat- 3lvtd«a.i» remaxsias aspeid.. *» u>
AH otaer de-finrti against tae ceo»-
p«i! T .......... — ............... 73.2C3 33
Total Lttfifiitles .t 431.200 28
rxcoMS. ~
Net eaaa actaaay recelve4.*Jr T1s»
piemraaje ""JL * 43X36333
BmlT«d for mseres* on Bonds aad
Mortgages .. ... &,CS:s
Received for iaterest aad dmdeads
ea Beads. Stocks. I«nane. aad
fr2=3 all etier warces - XX2T3C3
Received for fjnst U.0! 3 !•
Reeetred tor prc£t oa sale of Beads 4.3S> I »
Bacerved frota an etaer eoorcea.... Li.14* ;*
Tetal Iaess»e .» 489tSCS »
**; * v > 1 11 |i *?T?3
Net asscc=t paKJ fw Ftr» Leases
<!£ctsdi=S S23..SS2 C. Icsaes of
prevtocs year. t 20fll403«4
Dt-rtdend* to- Stockholders TO. XO CO
Paid cr allowed for CnTrrmTmimi cr
Brokerage •»;— — ¦• 7*»43TJ
Pmld for aaiartes. Fees, aad otaer
caarrcs for efSeer*. clerks, etc... 44.3S7 V>
Paid for State. NattocaL aad Lccal
taxes .: UniTJ
All otaer paTBbssts aad exyesd:-
arres ...... ........... 1.88173
Total Espeadltiiree .1 41Lgq"ga
Fire.
Leaes bMTBTTWl terts* tie mr t 1S0L7WO
Rlaks aad Pi egBlrms jFIre Risks. P-»— 't*\
Ket aaaoesrt of Risks
written dartac tae
year 9iSi.4S»JSS» <333lG4 *S
Ket artwutut ef RUks
expired dsrtss tae
rur v,..h* KU3S.E8 301274 «1
Net aaioeat ta firee
Deeea>ber31. CT0».. 3M.gSJg' C1CT la
T. SCHALX^B. PrealcUat.
A. POXZAT. Seeretarr.*
S~Vtecrfbed aad swera to before ci tiij |-_S
day ef AprtL 1303.
JOSZPH L mUTTAPC. C. & CsessL
SYZ S. CO., Genera! Amenta,
308 CALIFORNIA STREET.Robbed a Jeweler's Window.
The plate-glass window In Abe Isaac's
jewelry store at 343 . Kearny street was
broken early yesterday morning and four
tiays of men's rings valued at $S0. three
silver watches valued at $17 18, watch
chains valued at $13 and -two pairs of sil
ver bracelets valued at $5 were stolen.
The total value of the stolen articles was
$120. At 5 o'clock one of Morse's patrol
men passed the window and it was all
Old Kirk Whisky is the purest and the
finest ever put on this market. We ask
good judges to sample it. *
Amos F. Sewell, clerk,. San Francisco,
also filed a petition. He owes $2022 and
has no assets.
Hugh Briody, a laborer, residing In San
ta Clara, filed a petition in Insolvency
yesterday. He owes $2240 and has no as
sets. . . . ¦'•¦;¦': '•¦¦."¦. ;¦';=) - ; - •¦ -*.
* Creditors of J. Adoraddlo, a fruit dealer
•of San Jose, petitioned the United States
District Court yesterday to have. him de
clared an involuntary insolvent. They
allege that he has acknowledged himself
to be a bankrupt and that he owes them
about $1200.
Petitions in Insolvency.
Dr. W. C. Webb of Marlposa"is at the
Palace.
Dr. John W. Coolrldge of Scranton, Pa.,
ls at**he Grand.
F. A. Hihn, a capitalist of Santa Cruz,
ls at the Palace.
A. Baumgart, a mining man of Ply
mouth, is at the Grand.
;H. B. Maxson, secretary, of the National
Irrigation Congress, is at' the Palace.'
J. Allen Veatchj manager , of several
mining properties on~ the isthmus of Pan
ama, ls registered at the Grand. )
PERSONAL MENTION.
Police Judge Conlan ordered two wife
beaters into custody yesterday and inti
mated that he would severely punish
them. A. K. Bingham. a milk wagon
driver, gave his wife an unmerciful beat
ing at their home, 1036 Howard street,
last Friday morning. She appeared In
court yesterday morning with ona eye
closed and her head bandaged. She posi
tively refused to swear to a complaint
against her husband, and the Judge or
dered him into custody till she changed
her mind. ._.,,.,
Adam Stefanich, an electrician. living at
467B Minna street, was arrested early yes
terday morning for beating his wife, who
ia in a delicate condition. She pleaded
with the Judge to let him go, but he was
ordered into custody and the case was
continued for a week.
Wifebeaters Sent to Prison!
From Los Angeles— J. Schoder, at the
Gilsey, and H. Werner, at the Marlbor
ough. . .
NEW YORK, Oct. 27.— The following
Californians are In New York: From
San Francisco— Miss Callaghan and Mrs.
Clunln, at the Earllngton; Mrs. H. Crum,
at the St. Denis: Mrs. F. P. Frank, at
the Manhattan; M. H. Hecht, at the
Hoffman; C. F. Kohl and wife and G. A.
Pope and wife, at the Holland; M. L.
Walker, at the Grand; Dr. P. Casey, at
the Park Avenue, and J. Dubols, at the
Manhattan.
Californians in New York.
Let ui» prltK for you. It will be well done If
we do It. Mysell-Rolllns. 22"Clay. printers. •
Retioce£ rates <• a l:ousehol<t roooh to & from
t~e Eut A j-cL:h Kcktn •. 11 Mcntromenr. *
Sale of Seats for "Ben-Hur."
The sale of peats for the production of
, "Bcn-Hur," which opens at the Grand
- Opera -hous^ next Monday evening., will
,-brgin at the box office of the opera-house
Sto-morrow morning at 3 o'clock.
Cadets to Give Entertainment.
The cadets of Company E. League of
the Cross Cadets, will given an entertain
ment and dance to-night for the benefit
of their armory and* uniform fund. The
affair will take place at Mission Parlor
Hall. Seventeenth street, near Valencia.
Excellent talent has been secured and a
pleasant evening is assured.
Dix W. Smith, a stockholder in the Sun
set Mining Company, of which G. W.
Rumble, who was arrested a few days
ago on a charge of fraudulently using the
United States malls, ls secretary and Ira
A. Pease is president, brought the af
fairs of the mining company into the Su
perior Court yesterday by filing a suit for
an accounting and for the appointment of
a receiver. The defendants In the suit
are Rumble and Pease and two
other directors of the company.
Frank Rogers and Henry Arm
strong. On the filing of the suit Judge
Murasky Issued an order restraining
Rumble and Pease and the other defend
ants from using the funds of the com
pany pending the determination of the
truth of Smith's charges of conspiracy
and fraud.
Smith, who is the owner of 4000 shares
of stock in the company, claims that
Pease and Rumble have conspired to de
fraud the stockholders. He says that for
the purpose of inducing further invest
ments in the concern th«y have used to
pay dividends part of $200,000 he alleges
was received by them for the sale of 150,
000 shares of stock and that they have
converted the balance of the money to
their own use. He says further that
Rumble and Pease also conspired together
to take from the stockholders the Old
Glory mine of Butte Company and that
In furtherance of their scheme they pro
cured the bringing of two suits on claims
against the mine.
In both actions, alleges Smith. Rumble
entered a default and allowed Mrs. M. A.
Fritz, plaintiff in one of the suits, to get
Judgment against the company for $12,100,
and M. A. Hardinge, who brought the
other suit, judgment for $1860. Neither
one of the suits, says Smith, possessed
any merit, but were simply brought by
the plaintiffs as part of the scheme of
Rumble and Pease. /•..->'
Dix W. Smith Says Min
ing Promoter Is a
Conspirator.
Elks' Indies' Night.
San Francisco Lodge No. 2 of the Benev
olent Protective OTder of Elkt will
have a ladles* night in its hall on Sutter
street to-morrow night. The good of the
order committee has prepared a choice
programme for the occasion.
Hunsaker Again in Trouble
WASHINGTON. Oct. 27.— The following
CaMfornians registered here to-day: At
Mrs. Margaret Murray. 520 tsush sireet
frecured a warrant from Police Judgt
("onlan yesterday for the arrest of E. B.
Hur.saker on a charge of felony embez
rlepient. She alleges that Hunsaker col
lected $C5 70 for her and on January 11,
VJ02. fave her a worthless check for the
amount. Hunsaker was brought from
Portland some weeks ago by Detective
Ed Gibson on a similar charge and th<
case is pending in Judge Cabaniss' court
the National— A. Henderson of San Fran
cisco. At the Ralflgh— Mrs. L. Breton,
Miss L. Breton, Allen G. Wrights and
John Baker Jr. of San Francisco, and
Edwin F. Smith of Santa Barbara.
¦ m ¦ ¦
The sale of new shopworn ranges will
continue until the lot has been disposed
of. and those desiring a gas range should
take immediate 'advantage of this oppor
tunity offered by the S. F. Gas and Elec
tric Co.. 415 Post st. •
Wedding rake boxes, weddlnr ttatlonsry. Ed
ward 8. Knowlea. 24 Second it.: Mala 333. •
Californians in Washington.
CHARGES FRAUD
AGAINST RUMBLE
The selection of Mr. Snell as manager
of the Monterey resort will meet with
public favor in that he is highly regarded
by travelers and is a man of exceedingly
pleasing manners. Mr. Snell . has been
manager of the Hotel' Vendome at San
Jose thirteen years, during which he has
succeeded In getting it out of a rut and
placing it on a paying basis, a fact that
was fully appreciated by the stockhold
ers, who, through Mr. Snell's efforts,
were finally relieved of the disagreeable
necessity of paying assessments.'
It was his success at the Vendome, to
gether with his long and creditable man
agement of the Lick House, that sug
gested his name to Manager Shepard of
the Pacific Improvement Company, when
he began to look around for a new man
ager for the Hotel del Monte.
George P. Snell, one pi the best known
hotel men on the coast, who, for a num
ber of years was manager of the Lick
House of this city, has just accepted the
management of the Hotel del Monte at
Monterey. His appointment to his new
position Is the result of several weeks*
correspondence and a number of confer
ences between himself and A. D. Shep
ard, general manager of. the Pacific Im
provement Company, which owns the Ho
tel del Monte and several other estab
lishments of a similar character in this
State.
Is Appointed to Take Charge of the
Big Establishment at
Monterey.
MANAGER SNELL GOES
TO HOTEIi DEL MONTE
right, but twenty minutes later h» discov
ered that the window had been broken.
The police were notified and detectives
are searching for the thief.
Bexmingham Not to Resign.
Captain John Bermlngnair, supervising
inspector of steam vessels at this port.
has pone to Washington, X). C, for the
purpose of consulting 1 with President
Roosevelt on matters affecting the ser
vice on this coast. It was reported a sh«rt
time ago that Captain Bermingham would
If obliged to resign his office because of
the pressure of his private business, and
about a dozen aspirants for the office pre
sented their recommendations for appoint
ment. But United States Inspector John
K. Bulger Is authority for the statement
That Captain Bermingham will not re
sipn, tie having- been Induced to recon
sider his determination by representa
tives of the most important shipping in
terests of the roast.
Must Close on Election D&y.
Chief of Police Wittman had a notice
sent yesterday to each holder of a license
to sell liquor notifying them that at a
meeting of the Police Commissioners on
October 20 a resolution was passed to the
effect that the selling, giving away or fur
nishing of spirituous or malt liquors, wine
or any other Intoxicating beverage on
next election day by any person or per
sons prohibited from so doing by the act
of March 4, 1874, would be a sufficient
cause for the revocation of his or their
permit to sell liquor. The Chief added
that any one violating the act would be
vigorously prosecuted, besides having the
permit revoked.
Dr. J. Mclvor-Tyndall gave interesting
testimony before Judge Cook yesterday
In the divorce suit of Crissy McAllon
against C. J. McAllon as to the condition
of a person's mind when under hypnotic
influence. \
Mrs. McAllon while under examination
last Friday testified, that McAllon had
hypnotized, her repeatedly and while in
that condition he made her do silly
things, such as fish for trout In a cus
pidor and eat soap, believing it to bo
candy. While in that condition he had
taken her to San Jose on January 18. 19C1,
where they were married. Her s's*ttr,
Mrs. T. J. Smith, corroborated her and
testified that she had also been hynotized
by McAllon. /
The Judge had continued the case till
yesterday, as he wanted some expert tes
timony on the question of hypnotism, and
Dr. Melvor-Tyndall was subpenaed by the
attorney for the plaintiff. In answer to
the Judge, Dr. Tyndall said that a woman
under a hypnotic spell, If the suggestion
were made to her to get married, would
get in that line of thought and no one
could tell by her actions or demeanor that
she was under such a spell. She would
not know herself what had happened till
the spell was removed by some other test.
In the early stages a person could re
member anything that had happened, but
the case was different when under a deep
spell. He had seen the plaintiff and said
she would make an easy subject.
¦ In the ne-antime Mrs. Colvln keeps In
retirerrent ilr Oakland. Her husband ls
indignant at the notoriety achieved by
his wife and he is determined to either
secure the return of his wife's Jewels or
their value. Failing In this he insists that
a criminal prosecution will follow against
the persons who were with his wife last
Thursday night.
The reputation of Heymans Is not of
the best, according to statements made by
Detective Ryan, who has charge of Mrs.
Colvin's case. Heymans has posed as a
"doctor" and was arrested in September,
1902,. for practicing without a license.""- He
had a suite of offices In this city and ad
vertised extensively. Owing to a technical
ity Heymans was acquitted of the charge
brought against him.
Mrs. Colvin admitted to the. detectives
that- she had met Christopher and Hey
mans at the race, track four years ago and
that they were "no good." Mrs. Borland
also informed the officers that the two
men "did not amount to much."
The husband of Mrs. Colvln called upon
Captain of Detectives Martin yesterday
and stated that the missing Jewels had
not been returned and that no cash set
tlement had been made for them. Colvin
Btated that i'C would allow the matter to
go for a. day or two and if by that tine
no satisfactory settlement was made his
wife would swear out warrants for the
arrest of Mr**. Borland, Christopher and
Heymnns.
HUSBAND IS INDIGNANT.
Captain of Detectives Martin informed
Mrs. Colvin that he would arrest the
persons who had been In the room If she
j would swear to a complaint. Mrs. Col
; vln declined to do so. saying that she
I did not desire any publicity and would
try s to secure the return of her missing
jewels.
Mrs. Borland then Informed the Captain
of Detectives that she would pay Mrs.
Colvln for the missing brooch and^pln,
but not for the ring, which she-insisted
must hav"e been taken by Heymans. £<
j Mrs. Borland thtn claimed that she
j went for a drive In Heymans' buggy and
! that her companion was Christopher.
I "When at a roadhouse near the beach Mrs.
I Borland opened her purse to pay for some
drinks and she says that she found, that
the Jewels and $17 of her own money were
missing. She accused Christopher of rob
bing her and insisted upon searching him,
but she could not find the jewels or money
she claimed to have missed. Mrs. Bor
land denied that she had taken a diamond
j ring from the finger of Mrs. Colvin while
the latter was unconscious, but admitted
that she had seen the ring upon Mrs. Col
vin's hand when she left the room. Mrs.
Borland informed the police that if Mrs.
Colvin had lost her ring Heymans must
have taken It.
Heymans made a statement, to the po
lice and denied that he had taken Mrs.
Colvln's ring, and accusations passed be
tween Mrs. Borland, Christopher and
! Heymans. \
According to the story told by Mrs. Col
vln numerous drinks were served in the
rooms of Mrs. Borland and her mother,
Mrs. Moore, last Thursday night. After
a time Mrs. Colvin complained of a severe
headache and Heymans suggested that he
would go to a drug store and get a head
ache powder. Heymans. accompanied by
Christopher, went to a drug store to get
the powder and on their return it was
given to Mrs. Colvln. She claims that she
became unconscious and while in that
condition she was robbed of a diamond
marquise ring, a diamond brooch and a
diamond pin, the total value of the gems
being $300.
The matter was reported to the police
last Thursday night and Detective Ryan
was placed upon the case. He went to
the house and could only find Mrs. Colvin
and Mrs. Moore, the mother of Mrs. Bor
land. Mrs. Colvin was positive in her
statements at that time she had been
drugged and robbed of her Jewels.
On Friday last Detective Ryan suc
ceeded In finding all the persons who
had been in Mrs. Borland"s rooms during
the previous evening and they were taken
before Captain of Detectives Martin.
Mrs. Borland claimed that her friend.
Mrs. Colvln. had been taken ill and that
Heymans had administered a "headache,
powder" to her. Mrs. Borland admitted
that in order to revive Mrs. Colvin she
had unfastened the dress of the*un£pn
ecIous woman and In doing so had re
moved a diamond brooch - and pin and
placed them In her purse for safe keeping.
ROBBED WHILE DRIVING.
Claiming that ehe wm drugged and
robbed of a portion of her Jewels while
visiting the rooms of a friend, Mrs.
Charles • L. Colvln, wife of a prominent
attorney of Oakland, has enlisted the aid
of the Police Department. There has been
considerable effort to hush up the details
of the case, and, while no arrests have
been made, it is likely that the whole af
fair will be aired in the Police courts.
Mrs. Colvln claims that last Thursday
evening she called at the rooms of a
friend, Mrs. Emma A. Borland, who re
sides in a lodging-house at 501 Geary
street. Mrs. Colvin says that her pur
pose in visiting Mrs. Borland was to
escort' Mrs. Borland's mother, a Mrs.
Moore, to Oakland. Mrs. Borland is the
divorced wife of a prominent agent of a
security company in this city.
While Mrs. Colvln was in the rooms of
Mrs. Borland and her mother two men
called «t the apartments. Their names
are Ernest Heymans. who calls himself
"Dr/Heymans," and D. Christopher.
• Heymans is an outside solicitor for the
real estate firm of D. Cranston & Sons,
14 Montgomery street, while Christopher
also claims to be a real estate solicitor,
giving his residence as 501 Geary street.
Heymans resides at 2560 Lombard street.
TELLS A STRANGE STORY.
We. the civil sen-ice clerks employed by Aud
itor Baehr, wish to testify to the splendid con
duct of his p.'flce. We see no reason why thn
Auditor should have been cited before the Civil
Service Commission for the reason that certaiu
experts were employed. The public has little
or no idea of the larse amount of extra work
that the State Board -of Equalization forced
upon that office, and we civil service dork*
who have worked on the city's books thoroushly
appreciate the extraordinary amount of work
to be done in the time specified by the law of
the State. ¦
At the first call for extra clerks made by
Auditor Baehr two other offices also made
requisition for clerks, thus exhausting the extra
clerk list as the records of the office of the
Civil Service Commission will show. Conse
quently the work having to be done within the
time specified, the Auditor was compelled to
hire competent and experienced additional
C W.*P. McLauchlln, Frank Kltz. F. JL. Wal
bel. J. Kverett Sharr>. W. J.< Rlley. Frank J.
Burke, J. J. CVConnell. J. M. Silver, F. E.
Kane. W. H. Williams. J. F. Donahue, A. W.
Myer ~G. W. Schneider. Stanley A. Horan.
Ceorge P. Taafe. G. Lafrenz. M. Marcus. J.
Huck. William W. Gnffln. T. A Nolan. A.
\V. Chalker. P. J. Leonard. J. J. Carroll.
Rogers denied that his peculiar action
was the - result of Ward's Inquiry. He
says that when Ward spoke to him he
returned to the meeting room of the com
mission and told McCarthy that action
should be" taken Instead of postponing thc
case. Whereupon, Rogers said, the mat
ter was disposed of. Rogers adds that
Baehr did not inform the Commissioners
regarding the appointment of the twenty
clerks.
Yesterday the extra clerks employed in
the Auditor's office gave out the follow
ing statement:
Just after the action was taken Charles
Ward, a politician interested in the fight
of Broderick for the audltorship, inter
posed and asked Commissioner Rogers if
anything had been done in the matter.
Commissioner McCarthy, at Rogers' sug
gestion, then reconsidered his previous
vote and they both voted to disapprove
of the appointments, although a short
time before they had voted to continue
the matter till November 9.
Some time ago Baehr had need of extra
clerks In order to finish up some work.
The demand could not be filled from the
list of eligibles on the civil service list.
So the Auditor secured the services of
twenty competent clerks not on the civil
service list of eligibles. When the com
mission met on Monday night Baehr's at
torney, W. H. Cobb. asked the Commis
sioners to postpone until November 9 its
consideration of the order asking Baehr
why his appointment of the twenty clerks
should not be disapproved, and^the Com
missioners assented.
The political opponents ' of Auditor
Harry Baehr are at the bottom of a petty
scheme by j which "they are endeavoring
to show that Baehr has been guilty of
defying the Civil- Service Commission In
the matter of appointing extra clerks in
his office. The commission at th$ meet
ing Monday night disapproved of Baehrs
action, at the instigation of Charles
Ward, after having postponed the matter
till November 9.
Auditor Forcad to Employ
Extra Olerks to Complete
the Tax Roll.
Says Jewels Were Stolen by
Mrs. E. A. Borland and
Two Men.
Explains Condition of Per
son's Mind When Under •
a Spell.
Dr. Mclvor-Tyndall Tes
tifies in Me Allon
Case.
Mrs. Charles L. Oolvin
of Oakland Accuses
Friends. '
Civil Service Commis
sion Innocent Party
to the Scheme.
GIVEN POWDERS
AND DESPOILED
MYSTIC CALLED
AS AN EXPERT
POLITICAL TRICK
TO HURT BAEHR
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 28, 1903.
14
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
The Pommer-Eilers Music Go.'s
Group Is Unsurpassed.
When you go away traveling in other
cities, in the country or abroad, make it a
point to inform yourself as to the var-
ious makes of pianos, good to best; that
is if you contemplate getting a piano or
it! you are not satisfied with the one you
have.
The more you Inform yourself as to
the merits of good instruments, the more
sure we are that you will make a choice
from the group of fine and famous
makes. The magnificent HA.ZELTOIT
PIANOS, KIMBAIrL, DECKER ft SON,
LESTER, HALI.ET ft DAVIS, PEASE.
BUSH ft GEKTS, VICTOR and BICCA
& SON.
Probably the largest stock of pianos to
be seen at retail is in Chicago stores. It
has a record of many years back of it.
Pommer-Eilers Music Co. is comparative-
ly in its infancy in age, yet in the few
years it has been in business, it has
1 sprung into a permanent place among
the future leading piano stores of the
country. With the advent of Pommer-
Eilers there came a change in the meth- i
ods of piano business. One price to
everybody and only dependable pianos
to anybody who buys from the group of
pianos that help make Pommer-Eilers
, famous.
PRICES.
TVe arrange prices to suit any purse,
; and the assurance that each price there
is, we believe, the best price to be had
, anywhere in pianos.
HAEEX.TOII the king of pianos. Mag-
i nificent in tone, touch and construction.
No more perfect piano has ever been
made.
The KIMBAIiIi and the DECKER.
Splendid instruments of rare merit and
sweet tone.
LESTEE and HALL3T It, DAVIS
pianos. Liked by every one who knows j
them.
VICTOR, PEASE and BUSH &GERTS;
excellent instruments. Each musical,
durable and satisfactory.
OUR PIANO TOR S186; sold every-
where at $250 and $275. Excellent in-
strument, possessing a certain individu-
ality of tone, touch and mechanism
I that commends it to those wishing a
good. piano at a moderate price. Cases
¦ of double veneered mahogany, walnut or
oak: 7 1-3 octaves, ivory and ebony keys:
continuous hinges . on • fall board and
touch light, and extra broad muffler
which deadens the -monotonous sound of
the incessant repetition of practicing.
These pianos have been previously sold
at $250 and $275 by other dealers. Our
price $186. and ten years' guarantee.
Pay by the month if preferred.
Besides the Above Piano There Are
NOTEWORTHY BARGAINS In
Used Piano*.
Following is a list of pianos, some |
second-hand that have been put in good, 1
condition, and others that have been
used a little or as floor samples. All will
give excellent service in homes. The
values are particularly strong in the
group of uprights:
One Singer piano, walnut case, in
splendid condition. Originally $300.
now $167.
One Arlon. walnut case, used for a
short time. Originally $250. now $175.
One Kroeger. walnut case, used only
three years; in 'perfect condition. Orig-
inally $350. now $165.
One Fischer, ebonized case, largest
size. Originally $300, now $145.
One Vose. mahogany case, practically
new.f Originally $375. now $230.
One Antiscll, ebonized case, largest
size. Originally $350, now $140.
One. fiteger, mahogany case, concert
size, but slightly used. Originally $450.
now $237. .
One Hartman. ebonized case. Orig-
inally $250. now $95.
.One Jacob Doll, oak case, shop- worn.
Originally $350, now $218. ~
Harper Brothers', ebonized case, large
size. Originally $300. now $137.
One Lester, mahogany case, colonial,
slightly used. Originally $500. now $367.
Hemme & Long, ebonized case. Orig-
inally $350. now $150. V
Three Hinzes, medium size, have been
on rent. Originally $267, now $187.
SQUARE PIANOS
On© Vose. 7 1-3 octaves, carved l«gs,
overstrung. $4S.
One Shaefer. 7 1-3 octaves, carved legs,
overstrung. $72.50.
< One Hall, carved legs, ebonized case.
$43.
One Vose. rosewood case, carved legs,
overstrung, $?6. ,
One Steinway.^elegant condition, rose-
wood. $98.
Two Chickeringe; rosewood case, 7 oc-
taves. $38 and $45.
One Waldo, -6 1-3 octaves, octagon legs
$20.
;j^ ORGANS^
We have half a dozen OTgans; among
them an Estey, a Kimball, Mason &
Hamlin anda Beatty. Prices $18 $*»3
J $25 and $30. ' * '
Any of the above instruments may be
! secured on a small payment down and
payments of $3, $4 and $5, $6 and $7 per
month. .
Pommer-Eilers MusicCo.
653 MAWET ST.,.H^ffi;
San Francisco's Busiest and Be«t Piano
• Store.
"r . ADVERTISEMENTS." -.-_-.-_-_¦.
During the past week we have received large
shipments of NEW GOODS in the following depart-
ments, all of which will be sold at our usual
XjO^AT PRICES:
CLOTH DBPT.
We will show in this department complete
lines of new Amazon Cloths, French Broad-
cloths, English Venetians, Covert Cloths,
Beavers, Golf Skirtings and Velvet Cordurous.
These come in all the latest shades— also
hlack. special— 45 pieces genuine Amazon
\ Cloth, 50 inchps wide, all shades, uard.
FLANNEL DEPT.
New printed French Flannels -latest pat-
terns in Persian effects, stripes, dots and
bordered— also plain colored French Flan-
nels, all shades, Scotch and English Tennis
Flannels in great variety, Eiderdown Flan-
nels, Lest gualitu, and Embroidered Flan-
nels, special— 75 pieces 37-inch heavu
Twilled English Tennis Flannel, striped
and plain colors- • soo uard.
CURTAIN DEPT.
New Lace Curtains In Battenberg, Irish Point, Ara-
bian, Nottingham, Saxonu. Ruffled Net, Malras ani
Novelty Curtains, Tapestry and Yelour Table Covers,
Couch Covers and Portieres, Lace Bed Sets in Bat-
tenberg, Irish Point and Nottingham.
special— -150 pairs Arabian Lace Curtains, 15 dif-
ferent designs $3.oo pair.
I INFN nPDT
Complete; stock new Table Linens, Table Cloths, Nap-
kins, Towels, Doylies, Hemstitched Sets, also Hem-
stitched Tray Cloths, Scarfs, Center Pieces and Tea
Cloths in plain linen, damask and hand embroidered.
special— 250 dozen Hemstitched Huck Towels, full
size and pure linen $3.oo dozen.
iw y /^h HP ITT Orders by mall receive prompt attentloa
l^lV^/ \ %2j All orders for samples or goods filled
' and shipped same day they are received.
ill, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET, ¦
, — _ 1
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I 'THE CREDIT HOUSE," * J
I 233, MS* 237 POST STREET. I
I Every | } | '".' //Iw^^^Y IS A $l5 * 00 I
I Where. If . |S Special for
K . Books Arc JJ : j I • .f'l"\ 'W^< /j^ s y\ , * hc '^ ext I
I Rcad f | W y /wW //M^ i i *^ ur Days * I
;| Needs a . ml W/f MyM JiH A Beautiful' I
h Bookcase j i'ji fl/y/^#jp^' y %m and I
| Where $/_ _' CJEX'-'uZ* fffl Useful |
I 1 Books Can jlfff W J'~ M^ Addition to 1
! Be Taken . M j/J WM vJP>'' A j ffl ' Any Nome.' |
L c h are f' fh w/fMto' sfi 11 Only While ' 1
¦ . Thls ls thc W/^^r^p^ w The y Last - 1
.f Bookcase Mfli/ JMW M$/ *f| One Only I
H Offer of W^£^j,.&?SL. -'I I to Each I
¦ j the Year, Person. 1
I Solid, quartered I oak eolden finish, rub -polish; dust- proof, heavy 1
glass door, adjustable shelves to fit any volume.- Five feet hieh xx H
inches wide; this wee^ at one-third its value. ' M
"The Credit Honse" 233-335-23?; Post, St. |
ADVERTISEMENTS ,
ft ED I ETTER DAY
T,iu^''^ y^^^ wu^\x^ SL ff^L JMjrf jb±^
GREEN TRADING STAMPS
GIVEN to ALL VISITORS
TO-DAY
eil^VAY^MLIABJLE
5- 1250 MARKET Slj«****
ADVERTISEMENTS.
eooeoaoQSoeoooooooooo©
{MISSION I
| FURNITURE }
| At 20% Discount |
e From Regular Prices, o
© ©
• .' •
O We offer our entire line of 9
| MISSION AND |
S WEATHERED OAK S
S Dining-Room Furniture S
S Bookcases ©
S Desks S
S Chairs S
S Tables, Etc •
fchas.M.Plum&Co.f
© Cor. 9th and Markst Sts. g
A visit DR. JORDAN'S qjuat 4
Museum of anatomy?
\ .HrT ««. Th i L«»r«»» An«to«ie«l MttMian ia the \
4 wJT«k, y w)<t v '«kMi.«» «r tny comncttd t
6 jgal SpKuUuonrteCout. Em. &"»«.<>
4 d*j$£& 03. JSROAN-DISEASES OF M£N j
\ I i 5?^B Cotmaltttion free »ad «rkt!y prtrtte. } ,
W J toFOi fl II"*""^ Pe»»n»lly or by letter. A i
\ II A " IMOnlan «TC*Nadni>ke>. '
Art II V «.^f rite far . Book « '>n<««oniy mt i
V * j Ir 1 ¦*« BUCB » MAILED F«E«. ( A ' '
A 0 I* *»!u»ble book for mra)
Y Da JOBDA5 AC©.. 1051if*rt*t.Mt.S. T. '
fr^^^^.^.^.^ j
Jft Tho«« suffering ' from weak-
_ i^_ nesses -which sap tao pleasures
- ¦ " * of life should take Juren Pll!».->
is i One bottle will tell a story et
marvelous results. This medicine has mor»
rejnvenathiff, ritalisin* force than ha» ever
been offered. Sent by mail in plaia pwkazs
onlv on receipt of this adv. and «T
Made by its originators C. L Hood C^prtv
pnetore Hood's S<u*skparilla, LowtlLluia,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
•'Fairly Sparkling In Beer Goodness"
¦^^slOnOQP {JUDGES
OF BEER, DECLARE
Superior from all •> points of
?lew; Possessing absolute pur-
ity, proper are and Honest
- Flavor. Adapted to all tastes
. . ¦ according- to . Brew and Brand.
EXPORT WIENER-PRIYATE STOCK MUEKCHEIEH
Ask for "BLATZ" at Club or Bar.
YAL BLATZ BREWING CO., MILWAUKEE
Braunschweiger & Co. r me.
5 and 7 OR I/MM S T.;San Francisco,
Tel. Main* 1648. Wholesale Dealer*.'